VOLUME LXXXI.-NO. 56.
RAZED BY
THE TORCH
All the Dwellings at Las
Palmeras Fired ty
Spaniards.
INMATES SHOT DOWN AS
THEY FLEE.
Neither Women Nor Children
Spared hy Weyler's Fiendish
Guerrillas.
BUT THE BRUTAL BUTCHERS
ARE PUNISHED.
Now the Captain-General Is Burning
All the Villages in His
Pathway.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 24.— A special
from Key West, Fia., says: Spanish guer
rillas surrounded Las Paimeras, twenty
miles south of Artemisa, at midnight and
filed all the dwellings. As the inmates
rushed out they were shot down, women
and children as well as men. Many per- !
ished in the flames rather than face the
Spanish bullets.
When morning came more than fifty
bodies were "-een among the ruins. The
guerrillas fled after looting trie two stores
which the flames had spared.
A Cuban band, attracted by the firing,
came up two hours later and started after
the Spaniards. Catching up to them a
light ensued and out of seventy guerrillas
thirty-five only escaped.
General W'eyler has burned four villages
since starting oat, warning the people to
move to the larger places, which are gar
risoned.
A special dispatch to the Herald from
Havana, via Key West, Fia,, says: The
ten officers of the garrison at Guanabacoa,
who were captured by the rebel, Aran
gueren, will be court-martialed, nine for
traveling unarmed in war time and one
for not resisting capture, though armed.
General Weyler's order that all owners
and managers of plantations who cannot
show a receipt for the payment of taxes
up 10 date must leave their plantations is
causing great hardships. The deserted
plantations are immediately sacked and |
ruined by marauders and irregulars of
both parties.
Cieiueacia Araguos, a girl of 29, a sister
of the rebel chiei, Araguos, was captured
to-day and probably will be placed in the
refuge for fallen women.
HAVANA, Cuba, Jan. 21.— The authori
ties here ignore the Cometa affair, and it I
is impossible to learn from them what, if
any, iruth there is in the report thai the
little gunboat bad been destroyed by in
surgents. The military authorities pro
fess to Know nothing of the matter and in
this case their professions are believed to
be true, for in view of the antagonism be
tween the military and navy authorities
it is thought thai if the former were in
possession of facts detrimental to the
navy they would not hesitate to make
ti.em known to the genera! public. From
other official sources it is learned, how
ever, thai the reports that have already
reached the United States regarding the
loss of the guncoal aro correct.
The official reports issued to-day give
the details or" a number of engagements
between Government forces and rebels in
the provinces of Santa Clara, Havana,
Matanzas and Piiiar del Rio. According
to the*e reports the troops wereuniformlv
victorious.
Tlie rebel looses in the various engage
ments are placed at thirty-seven killed, a !
large number woumled and two captured, j
The insurgent camps, prefectures and
over 100 huts were destroyed. Many fam
ilies who had taken refuge in the woods
*e-e found by the troops and taken into
the towns.
The Spaniards say their losses were four
killed and a lieutenant-colonel, three cap
tains, three lieutenants and sixty-one pfl
The Streets of Chinatown Have Seldom Shown so Mu:h Excite
ment, and Eager Crowds Gather at Every Ballet: n-Bc a cd and
Elcck the Sidewalks Until the Police Drive the Chire;e Away.
The San Francisco Call
vates more or less severely wounded.
Notwithstanding the recent announce- (
ment of the "paci6cation" of the province [
of Pinar del Rio, o<iicial reports show that i
a greater number of eneagements referred
to took place in that province, which is
pretty good evidence that the rebels are
still conducting their operations.
The most important of the several fights
took place near Guines, province of Ha
vana, where the troops met the rebel
party led by Castillo and Delgado.
A.I TJSJUFJS AT KIItXAFISG.
Weyler's Assistant Butcher Ttciee Xar
rotrly Jineapet Cap/fir*.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 24.— A Key
I West special says: Another effort to kid
nap Major Fondeviella, "Weyler'a as
| sistant butcher," in command at Guana
bacoa, is reported from Havana.
An effort was made to capture him on a
train between Regla and Guanabacoa, but
it failed because be was not on board.
; This time a small band of rebels com
manded by an American named Welch,
one of the famous Texan s, went to Guana
bacoa, Wednesday and hid in a public
house near the town line where Major
Fondeviella'.-i train passed.
When his party reached the house it
stopped for liquid refreshment. Colonel
Fondeviella bad twenty men with him.
The insurgents rushed out, killing ten of
the escort and knocking several down.
The rest surrounded Fondeviella, while
one cavalryman galloped off for aid.
It was impossible for the Cubans to get
near enough to Fondevielia to knock him
down, but just as they were going to tie
him to his horse before galloping away
re-enforcements came. Welch seeing that
the attempt to kidnap was a failure
snapped his revolver in Fondeviella's face,
but it failed to go off.
ifondeviella pursued the daring men sev
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY MORNING, JANUARY 25, 1897.
ODDS -A.3STD ENDS -A.T SA.OPL^-L,!rHI]SrTO.
oral miles, buc could not catch them. The
Cubans who fell were thrown into road
sides and ditches, people being warned not
to bury them. Fondeviella burned the inn.
TRANSFERRED TO BALTIMORE.
Where Jtoloff and Lui* tFill B« Tried
for Violating \entr'tlity Laxoa.
BALTIMORE, Md., Jan. 24.— General
Carlos Roloff, Secretary of War of the
Cuban Provisional Government, and Dr.
Joseph J. Luis, who were eiven a.prelim
inary hearing in New York yesterday on
the charge of violating the neutrality
laws in connection with the shipment of
men, arms and ammunition to Cuba by
the steamer Woodall, will bo brought to
this city for trial. District Attorney Mar
bury said to-night that instructions had
been sent out to that effect from Wash
ington.
The reason assigned for the transfer of
i the case from New York to Baltimore was
! that the steamer Woodall was purchased
here and cleared from this port. Mr. Mar
bury will ask the United States Grand
Jury for an indictment against General
Roloff and Dr. Luis, and it is thought that
when they appear before Commissioner
Shields in New York next Saturday, they
will be turned over to United States Mar
shals and brought here.
OX JL V EA.C&FVL MISSION.
Heturn of the filibuster Laureada With
Oranges and Lentous.
BALTIMORE, Md.. Jan. 24— The
I American steamship Laureada, Captain
| Hughes, which has been leased by the
Cuban agents and representatives in this
country and which is said to have safely
landed a number of filibustering expedi
tious within the Cuban lines, is at Hamp
ton Roads witn a cargo of oranges and
lemons from Palermo and Messina con
signed to this city.
The firm has not definitely decided,
owing to the dull condition of the market,
whether the Laureada will be ordered to
this port or to New York, Philadelphia or
Boston. The present commander, Cap
tain Hughes, is not the one who had
charge of the steamer when she is alleged
to have violated the neutrality laws. The
old captaiD left the Laureada at Palermo,
when she was ordered to sail for Valencia,
Spain, in the early part of December.
LEU'S FALSIS JRHPOHXS.
They Cause Madrid Officials to Talk
About forms.
LONDON, Eng., Jan. 24.— The Stand
ard's Madrid correspondent telegraphs
that the belief is held in official circles
that the scheme of colonial reforms ap
plicable to Cuba will be published at the
b3ginuing of February, owing to the
favorable report? of the situation in the
itlands, sent by Capiain-General Weyler.
Manitoba School /Settlement.
LONDON, Enq., Jan. 24.— TheCnronicle
will to-morrow print the text ot the Mani
toba school settlement, which* is now on
the way to Rome for submission to the
Pope, fne paper says it believes that
powerful influences will secure the Vati
can's approval of the settlement, the
terms of which are more favorable to the
Catnolics of Manitoba than those nego
tiated by Sir Donald Smith, tue Canadian
High Commissioner.
Ship Burned and Captain J.ont.
LONDON, Enq., Jan. 24 —The British
bark John o' Gaunt, Captain Worledge,
which sailed from Valparaiso, November
10, for Tortoratillo, Caieta, Buena and San
Francisoo, has been burned at Tocopilla.
Tne captain is reported as lost.
Iteath of " The Duchess."
LONDON, Eng., Jan. 24.— The death is
announced of Mrs. Hungerford, the novel
ist. She died to-day at Bandon, County
Cork, Ireland. Most of her books have
appeared under tne pseudonym "The
Duchess."
INTENSELY COLD
AFTER THE STORM
Appalling Suffering Among
the Poor in Largs
Cities.
Chicago's Prisons Crowded With
Un ortuoates Seeking Warmth
and Shelter.
Mercury From 25 to 40 Bslow in the
Northwest— Tfiou ands of Cattle
and Sheep Perish.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 21— The cold
wave which reached Chicago last night
tightened its grip to-day, and at midnight
Chicagoans were shivering in a 16-below
zero atmosphere.
At 8 o'clock this morning the thermom
eter registered 14 below. The tempera
ture then moderated somewhat, but at no
time during the day did the mercury rise
above 3 below. Shortly after sunsut the
temperature began dropping rapidly, and
to-night promises to be a record-breaker.
The weather bureau promises no relief for
four or five days.
The suffering among the poor is intense,
and to-morrow morning Mayor Swift will
issue a proclamation, calling for bread fur
the starving.
According to the report made to the
Mayor by the Bureau of Charities and
other associations which have applied to
him, the number of destitute families is
increasing every day, until the condition
in • <>me parts of the cily is appalling. Im
mediate relief is necessary or, it is said,
some will die from starvation and cold.
The police s ations all over the city are
filled with lodgers, hundreds of homes are
without iuel and food, and skilled work
men are begging on the streets.
Committees of charitable institutions
and many individual philanthropists have
called on Mayor Swift and urged him to
make an appeal to the public for immedi
diate help for the sufferers. He will issue
a proclamation to-morrow setting forth
the exact condition of the poor in Chicago
and will make an appeal for public help.
No actual cases of starvation have as yet
been reported, but many are suffering with
hunger. Distributions of food and fuel
have been carried on by the Bureau of
Charities, but they say they are unable to
take care of one-fifth of the people who beg
for assistance.
County Commissioner Beatty reported
to Mayor Swift yesterday that the lists of
needy are growing at the rate of from 300
to 500 families per day. These are not the
families of paupers, but the families of
skilled workmen, who are unable to get
work.
Last nicbt's blizzard continued until
early this morning, but there was no se
rious delay to streetcar traffic, as the
thoroughfares -were kept open by the hun
dreds oi men who were at work all night.
Many of those suffering from want were
given an opportunity to earn a few pen
nies by clearing away the snow.
All trains are late, hut the delay is not
serious.
Through the suggestion of Major Swift, j
Chief of Police Badeuoch issned an order
to-night which will facilitate the furnish
ing of relief to such as nre in danger from
want of food or fuel. The patrolmen
throughout the city were ordered to make
reports on all cases of extreme destitution
and explain the character of relief re
quired. On all such reports immediate
assistance will be rendered.
NEW YORK, N. V.. Jan. 24.-This city
has a long casualty list to-night by people
Lit tic. Pete's Factory and the Barber-Shop Where He Was Shot.
injured by falls on slippery pavements,
occasioned by a snowstorm which began
at 11 o'clock and lasting until early in the
evening. The fall of snow came from the
west and played around all day. It was a
lively snowstorm; heavy enough to make
its presence felt, but considerate enough
to cease in the evening before traffic was
interfered with. The greatest incon-
Continued on Fourth J*ace.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
IS DEATH
RAMPANT?
More Murders Expected in
Chinaiown at Any
Moment
STORM AND STRIFE ARE
BREWING.
Blood Fever Being Worked
Up Among the Friends of
Little Pete.
THE PITIFUL PLIGHT OF HIS
WIDOW.
King Owyang, the V ce-Consul, Has
B.en Threatened, and It Is Feared
He Will Bi the Next
Tbe ephemeral sensation of an.ordinary
Chinese murder has no place on the list
with the feverish anxiety,»bitter vindic
tiveness and cuss-dog deviltry that have
been engendered through the cold-blooded
assassination of Little Fete Saturday night
in Chinatown.
That brainy little heathen, connected as
he was with the most powerful element*
among hi* own people, being a man of
wealth, haying almost intimate acquaint*
ancesbip with the social, financial and
political classes among the whites, could
hardly be shot down without a word of
warning without his killing assuming
greater importance than any of the hun
dreds recorded on the mortuary tablets of
former years.
Little Pete was better known among his
own people and the Americans of this
State than any Chinaman in the local col
ony, but where he was most cherished,
and where the weight of his counsel was
besi felt and most needed was rieht in the
chambers of the Sam Y up Company, of
which he was a leader.
What will the Sam Yup people do now
to avenge his death? Those who, iika
Captain Lees and his officers, have studied
the ways of the heathens during three de
cades of blood-spilling, and who know
these almond-eyed queue-bearers to blend
in their constitution the vendetta of the
Corsiean and the love of lucre which
causes Italian brigands to take the life of
non-combatants upon whose head a price
is set, look forward to troublous times in
Chinatown.
Already the regular squad of six men
has been increased to two score and even
with that force of guardians the peace is2
but a travesty upon the same and there is
a likelihood of an ou break at any mo
ment upon the slightest provocation or
Done at all.
The situation is positively alarming
more so than ever before — because the
contending factions instead of being little
siae ramifications as in days gone by are
the two representatives of the entire Chi
nese lopu.ation. Jour-fifths of the latter
are among the poorer classes from the dis
tant provinces far outside of Canton.
They are the See Yups. They are made
up principally of the Sun Wing, Sun
Woy, Hoy Ping and Ymg Ping families.
Only a few days ago a member of 'he
latter family was shot down and killed on
Jackson street, ten minutes after he had
engaged ir. a wordy war with friends of
Litile Pete, in whose gambling- house the
disagreement occurred.
The other faction— the Sam Yups— con
sists mainly of the Puon Yee, Sing Duck
and Nam Hoy families, residents of Can
ton or its immediate suburbs. These are
tbe wealthy Chinese here and among
whom Little Pete was the leading light.
The See Yups, strong in their numerical
position, chafed under the yoke of the
Bam Yups and, a ye»r ago, they withdrew
from the Chinese Six Companies, em
ployed Campbeb, Reddy and Metson to
set them runt in a legai way and imme
diately set about incorporating firms in
every line of business calculated to be in
opposition to the Sum Yups.
It was ihe old story of the boycott, with
more horrors than such aff irs have ever
brought about id the old wona. Murder al
ter niuruer has been committed until the
wealthy men have mostly withdrawn iheir
capital from tbe channels of commerce,
leaving the See Yups and their new estab
lishments in power. Aanost alone Little
Pete braveJ the opposition. His shoe
manufacturing tirm, under tne name of J.
C. Peters & Co., the largest and most pros
perous in Chinatown, refused to close its
doors. His gambling interests were great
enough to help him financially to tide
over the lack of patronage and income
caused by the boycott, and he felt strong
enough to again rally about him the weak
ones among the Sam Yups to eventually
down the contending faction.
Guarded day and night by four Chinese,
two of whom were well-known "fighting
men," ana one white man named C. H.
Hunter, a special policeman, Little Peie
nursed bimseli into a feeling of security.
He became reckless to the extent of going
forth alone af times, chaffing his guards
with kindly meant assertions that they
acted like so many old women, ana that
there was no danger that any one wouid
try to molest him.
But Pete went out alone once too often.
He was watched by bis assassins and most
cruelly put to death when be was found
to be unprotected.
However, his death will not end the
fend. Chinatown is afire with passion
and venom. The wealthy Sam Yups, with
as little regard for social customs and the
rieht of individuals to live their allotted
lease of lifa as nave their enemies, are
already sending out to interior towns for
fighting men who will come here and
Bland off, it not annihilate, the highbinders
in and employed by the See Yups.
Placards in flaming red are posted on
the bulletin boards in the Mongolian quar
ter. They mate most interesting reading,
no doubt, for the dirty scum of Chinatown
gathers about with bloodshot eyes and
nervously twitching fingers, drinking in
their meaning.
The police oieak up these gatherings as
often as tney occur. Still, the scattered
vermin, with nothing but gain to be se
cured by murder and rapine, go down the
street a little mrther and read tne incendi
ary posters there.
These Chinese anarchists, belonging to
either faction or to neither, quarrel and
glare at eacn other with murderous looks
and would welcome tbe opportunity to
cut throats at to much a cut."
All Chinatown knows this and so do the
police, who suggest to the white popu
lation to refrain for a while lrom offering
themselves as targets to stray bullets mat
may fly at any moment between the
warring Chinese.
That the venom displayed between the
Yups is more acrid than any heretofore
engendered, is apparent from the fact that
it has come to the surface at this time.
Usually, the Chinese bury the hatchet in
January, and seldom if ever do they
attempt or do murder just prior to or
during their New Year holidays. Their
festivals will begin on February 1 and,
under circumstances less aggravated than
those existing, Little Pete might have
expected one more mouth's lease of life.
The crack of the pistol has been heard,
however, Little Pete is dead, and tbe lifo
of his friend, King Ow Yang, the Vice
consul, is threatened, so it is not lively
that the spirit of assassination will stay
put with the funeral 01 the last victim on
Tuesday next.
It King Ow Yang manages to make bis
exit from this world of care and strife with
no physical disfigurement he will have
accomplished much, if tbe signs of the
limes speafc for anything. But this iact is
not worrying the Consul-General a lit
tle bit.
"There are many more men in China
capable of filling this office," he remarkep
with a laugh. "If thej succeed in laying
me beneath the sou somebody else with
perhaps a less amiable disposition may be
sent to fill the office."
AT THE MORGUE.
Pathetic Visit of the Widow and
Her Little Boy.
The officials at the Morgue were be
sieged by hordes of visitors ail during the
day. Seldom has a murder case attracted
such a multitude of inquirers as that of
this notable Chinaman, and the cariosity
mongers clamored to gaze at his body.
In this they were mostly disappointed.
It was a strange aggregation oi human
ity that called at the City's charnel-nouse.
They were not all prompted by morbid
curiosity. Hundreds of his Chinese
friends called to gaze at their dead com
rade. They made no complaint wnen
iney were in formed the body was not on
exhibition. Stoiidly they retraced their
steps.
There were white men among the
callers, too, men ot influence and promi
nence in the community. They nad nad
business dealings with the little nabob of
the Chinese quarter and they were not
ashamed to ca.l mm tueir friend. They
lingered to tell anecdotes of the little
Cele-tial, and they illustrated traits lv his
character which his public record has not
hitherto di*clo?ed*
"I have known Little Pete for years, "
said Robert Ferral. "I have prosecuted
him ana be has been my client, but I
have never once known him to break his
word."
It was a pathetic scene when Fong
Ching's widow, bis brother, Fong Shun,
and the decedent's little boy called at
the Morgue. When Fe e was stricken he
bad on bin person a gold watch, a mag
nificent diamond ring and a iew trinkets.
The Coroner did uot desire to be the
custodian of these articles any longer
than possible, but, to protect himself, he
refused to deliver them to auy one but the
widow. Accompanied by two women
inenils, her brother and her little boy, she
called o claim her husband's property.
The widow is not prepossessing from a
Caucasian point of view. Sue is short of
stature, inclined to fleshiness and plain of
feature.
With the stolidity of her race she ap
proached the Coroner's desk. She watched
with no apparent emotion While one by
one her husband's effects were counted
out and receipted for. Mechanically she
put her hand to the pen us the Coroner's
deputy guided ii to make her mark,
The trinkets were placed in a paper-ban,
all but the dinmoud ring. It contained a
dazzling brilliant ox extraordinary, value.
Little Pete Was Vety Proud of This Picture, Which Shows Himself, the Second From the Left, and All of His Near Relatives.
The deputy hesitated about placing It in
so frail a receptacle. The woman's hand
rested on bis desk and be slipt ed tbe ring
on her finger. She eid it up and gazed
at it a moment. The ring had been con
st^niiy worn upon ncr husband's finger.
Perhaps it recalled memories which even
a Mongolian woman chenshe-t as sacred.
It opened tbe floodgate of her tears. She
shrieke I her rief and fell writhing upon
the Moor. Her female companions joined
in her wailings, and the brother stood
helplessly by, while tears rolled down bis
face. At the Morgue the attendants are
accustomed to scenes of grief, but as the
mourning woman was gently urged away
by her friends the conversation did not re
sume its usual frothy strain. Such grief,
even in a little woman of an unpopular
race, commanded respect.
THE AUTOPSY.
Three Wounds, Any One of Which
Would Have Caused Instant
Death.
The autopsy, which was conducted by
Dr. Morgan, showed that one more bullet
had entered the body than was at first
supposed. One bullet entered about one
inch from the right eye and emerged at
the bacfc of the neck. Another entered in
the corner of the right eye. These two
wounds met in the brain and, by a re
markable coincidence, both emerged from
the same hole. The unsuspected wound
was through the heart. The bullet bad
entered on the left side, between the third
and fourth ribs. It had passed through
the left lung, the heart and the liver, and
was found imbedded right under the
sKin in tbe small of the back. '
Any -one of the wounds wouid have
caused instantaneous death. This is a re
markable circumstance when the usual
erratic style of highbinder shooting is
considered.
FUNERAL PREPARATIONS.
No Expense Spared In the Prelimi
nary Arrangements.
Immediately upon the completion of
tbe autopsy the body was taken to the
undertaking establishment on Sacramento
street of Nathaniel Gray & Co. Here
preparations were made for a funeral as
bented the financial standing of the de
ceased. A metallic casket covered with
broadcloth, the best the establishment af
forded, was procured. Two apparently
similar caskets were shown the brother.
One was held at $175, the other at $200.
Without inquiring the intrin»ic difference
between the two the brother stated tbe
$200 one was what he wanted.
An order has been placed with a Chi
nese tailor for the finest burial raiment
Chinatown can produce. The crowning
elory of his interment outfit will be a con
sular cap ornamented with a huge gold
knob, one of the kind in which the nobil
ity of China are buried.
The funeral will b* held to-morrow, prob
ably at 1 o'clock. The arrangements for
the ceremonies have not yet been made,
but they will undoubtedly be elaborate.
After the funeral the body will be placed
in a vault, where it will remain until the
widow is ready to return with it to China.
This cannot be much short of a year, as
the widow must remain until the estate is
settled up.
IN CONSTANT DANGER.
Little Pete's Whits Guard Tells of
the Highbinders' Vigilance.
C. H. Hunter has been in constant at
Diagram of the Barb-r-Shop Where Little Pete "Was Murdered. The Goss (X) Marks the Spot
Where Pete Fell,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 25, 1897.
tendance on Little Pete for a month. Pete
also had four Mongolian guards, but one
white man is considered more effective
than a dozen Chinese, as the yellow as
sassins do not do murder in the presence
of white witnesses. Experience lias
taught them that the evidence which
they can always produce in unlimited
quantities does not cut much figure with
white juries when opposed by tne testi
mony of a white man.
'•Of late," said Hunter, "I have been
contemplating giving up my job because of
Pete's recklessness and bis often-expressed
contempt of the value of my services.
'There is no more danger of my being
hurt than there is of you,' he would say.
"In spite of this tne fact that a price
was on his head worried him, and of late
be has been rather ill-tempered. Last
night he sent me to get a copy of the
Sporting World and said he w*s going to
get shaved. I told him not to go as it
was dangerous. He cursed me and said
there was no danger. He was killed
while I was away."
Hunier says that men have several
times tried to get the drop on Pete since
he has been in his employ. "Only last
week." he said, "a man rubbed up against
me to see if I lad a weapon. I gave him
a shove and four other men showed hos
tility. I had to hit one on the head with
my revolver before they would desist."
WHY HE BRIBED POLICEMEN
Little Pete's Bold Acknowledgment
to His Attorney and the
Court.
Tbe extraordinary cleverness of- Fong
Ching, the Chinaman who was murdered
Saturday night, was never so well evinced
as upon bis trial on a charge of bribery as
far back as 1888. when he was but a lad of
21 years of age.
In t ose days Little Pete, as he was
better known even among his Chinese ac
quaintances, was a power in that quarter
where tha heathen most congregate. With
power in those days, as at the present
time, there went a certain element' of
danger. Pete, realizing this, imported a
notorious highbinder named Lee Chuck
to act as his bodyguard.
Not satisfied with preventing others
from murdering his master, Chuck went
a-gunning himself one day on Washing
ton street, exactly opposite the place
where Pete was assassinated Saturday.
He killed his man, and after several
years of detention pending numerous
trials he was eventually and satisfactorily
hanged.
Little Pete- stood nobly by his body
guard until the last, bringing to his aid
all hi* cunning and using his sack quite
liberally where it couM do the most uoo<i.
On August 5, 1886, Policeman John B.
Martin, now a sergeant on tbe force, ar
rested Pete, chargiM 1 -' him with attempt
ing to bribe Polic m^n Burr Love and
Con O'Sullivan with $40J to assist in clear
ing Lee Chuck. The offer, it was claimed,
was made in the back room of a saloon at
Clay and Stockton streets.
Attorneys Hall McAllister and Bergin
were for the defense and they were as
tounded at the declaration made to them
by this bit of a Chinese boy.
"Now, I will tell you, gentlemen," said
Pete, '"I'm no lawyer and that's why I re
tain you. But I do know this: I stand
alone agnir.st two policemen who will
swear I offered them $400, therefore 1 will
not be believed. Now, I want to go on
the stand and confess that I not only
offered them the money, but that they
took it."
This extraordinary plea, the most re
markable Attorney McAllister nad ever had
submitted to him, was out of the question
until Little Pete convinced his attorneys
that ha was right. 4
"Gentlemen," he continued, "you are
not as well acquainted with the pol cc de
partment as I ara. They have been black
mailing every Chinaman in Chinatown
for years, and it is not a question of right
or wrong with them; it is 'how much
money do we get?'
"Yes. gentlemen, I paid those officers a
bribe, but it was honestly done, as I asked
them to take tbe money and only testify
to the truth. The truth is all I wanted
of them, and 1 thought" $400 would be
enough for them to tell that, but it was
not. They came back for more money,
and when I refused their demands they
not only convicted my friend but ar
rested me."
Little Pete, whose English was as per
fect as any American's, told the above
story in court before a jury and Judge
Toohy. Tie jury disagreed and upon a
subsequent trial Pete was convicted.
Uron the latter occasion the Judge's
charge w"as a virtual instruction to the
jury that Pete be found guilty, as a China
man's word could not bear the same weight
as that of a white man. Upon the latter
showing the Supreme Court granted Pete
another trial, at which he was acquitted.
In the mean time, however, Pete suffered
eighteen months' incarceration in the
Folsom Penitentiary.
Subsequently Pete wa3 arrested on a
charge of embracery in connection with
this same matter of Lee Chuck, but tie
secured an acquittal.
In those days Chris Buckley, the Demo
cratic boss, was in power. Pa c had
named him the "Blind White Devil."
While searching Little Pete's safe during
his incarceration the police obtained con
siderable evidence showing that Buckley
and Pete were doing business, and one
letter in particular, or, rather, a copy of
it, from Pete to Quang Chic, told the
story of the former's refusal to any longer
submit to Buckley's demands.
That Little Pete was a man of great
business acumen, as well as a heavy-weight
thinker and general schemer, needs no
better i lustration than the flourishing
condition of his estate.
His attorney, Tnomas D. Riordan, who
has been his legal adviser during more
than a decade, tells how bis client was
clever enough to take advantage of all the
benefits to be gained both in this country j
and in China. Here be had but about
$50,000 invested. This amount was suffi
cient for him to carry on bis large shoe
establishment and other enterprises, jn
China, however, Pete had nearly $100,000
invested in artificial fish ponds, the in
dustry there that pays even better than i
the cultivation of tea or rice. In fact, it is
claimed ;hat Litile Pete's profits on his
fishing investment amounted to more
than 7 per oent.
Pete was a great lover of American
methods and particularly of tbe life
insurance plan in vogue here. He fre
quently spoke to his friends, saying that
he wouid deem himself a benefactor of his
race if he established life insurance among
his people. He carried a rather heavy
line of insurance upon his own life, the
beneficiary being his brother, Fong Shun.
Pete had a ereat reverence for his old
mother in China and cared for her in
good style. He also thought very much
of his wife, who lived with him in this
City up to the time of his death.
Contrary 'o the usual custom of white
men who insure for the benefit of their
wives, Pete followed the custom of his
race and his brother was made tbe bene
ficiary. The condition of his estate would
have been different, however, had his eld
est son been of age. This not being the
case the entire estate must revert to the
brother, in trust for the widow and chij.
dren.
HE LEFT NO WILL.
Little Pete's Estate Goes to His
Brother Until His Oldest
Boy Is of Age.
Following the usual custom of the Chi
nese, Little Pete le!t no will.
"Thati3 not strange," stated Attorney
Riordan, when asked about* the matter
yesterday. "As far back as I can remem
ber, Dr. Li Po Tai is ihe only Chinaman
who has ever died here who made a testa
ment accordine to our laws. That was
prooaDly on account of the tremendous
holdings of his estate in these parts.
"The custom of the Chinese is greatly
according to the old English law which
provides that the estate of the deceased
shall go to the eldest child who, if not of
age, cannot enter into its possession until
the proper time. The esiate in such cases
goes to brother or parents of the deceased
in trust."
BREAKING UP THEIR DENS.
The Police Have Started Demolish
ing the Different Strongholds
of the Highbinders.
Sergeant Mooney and posse last evening
opened the battle of the police against the
highbinders and as a result many a fight
ing Mongolian felt a twinge of pain with
out tne pleasure of seeing the red gore
flow or hearing the bark oE the murderous
revolver.
Early in the evening the headquarters
oftheQuong Hon Tong, Brenbam place
and Clay street, was raided by the squad.
Here an exrited crowd of pagans was
gathered discussing the murder of Little
Pete.
The congregation soon scattered, bow
ever, when the police arrived. Those who
lingered in the vicinity were helped along
by the muscular officers, and, thoroughly
chagrined, they sought secluded spots to
meditate and ease their aches. The Bo
On Tong headquarters, Biockton and
Jackson streets, and the Lucy Sing Tong
meeting-room, Juckson and Dupont
streets, were visited in turn and the
gathered celestials were driven and
jammed into the open air, each witn a
warning to select a spot and occupy it
solely and alone or suffer the conse
quences. Chief Crowley has placed Ser
geant Price in charge of the Chinatown
squad in the day time and Sergeant Cook
at night. Price is the Sergeant who so
successfully broke up the highbinder dens
some months ago, and his presence is
hailed as guarantee o! exciting times to
come.
GRAND THEATER TO OPEN.
Now That "Little P<=te" Is Dead the
Play Will Go On.
The Grand Theater, 814 Washington
street, which is owned by the See Yup
Company or members of that fraternity,
will open this evening with due oriental
pomp and ceremony. For months past
I the doors of the house of amusement have
been barred. The boycott between the
I S j e Yod and the Sam Yup companies
caused the closing of this celebrated thea
ter.
An occasional Sam Yup man, thirsty
for pleasure, thinking that he would
escape identification, would slip in and
take a seat. In a moment, however, a
shrewd spy would scent him, and he
would be dragged in disgrace from the
place and fined for his faithlessness.
These disturbances finally resulted in the
closing of t c place, as honest people
were afraid to come — afraid that a shoot
ing jifiray would occur and a stray bullet
end an innocent life.
Last evening, however, a glaring sign
heralding tbe theater's opening was
posted outside its doors. Coming so soon
after the death of "Little Pete" this fact is
tail to have a deep significance; the
effect after a disturbing cause removed.
"Little Pete" was the aggressor among
t> c Sam Yups, and now that he is a
corpse — that his soul has "saluted his
ancestors"— the See Yups feel safe in
adding the clanging of their theater
gongs and the cries of their actors to the
chaos of Chinatown.
DONG GONG IS MARKED.
Rumor Has It That the Interpre
ter's Life Is Wanted.
A rumor Is passing and repassing from
Chinese lip to Cbinese ear that Dong
Oong, confidant, interpreter and police
informer for the Chinese Merchants' Asso
ciation, is on the list marked for assassina
tion. Truly this Chinaman Is as inoffen
sive as he is honest, ami it is probably the
latter virtue that has gained for him th*
enmity of the lawless an d blood-thirsty
Highbinders who seek bis life.
A bae of gold, how large cannot be
learned, it is said, is waiting ready to be
placed in the pocket of him who stains
his bands with the blood of the inter
preter.
D >ng Gong will not admit for publica
tion that his life is sought by his enemies.
His actions, however, are inconsistent
with his denials. He called at the Cali
fornia-stree police station early yesterday
morning and in tones that betrayed bis
fears asKed to be guarded to bis home.
This was granted him and Done Gong
walked to bis residence beside a blue uni
formed policeman. It is said that outside
of Dong's honesty, he is also the victim of
another mislortune, that of being a cousin
of a Suey Sing Tong leader. The Buey
Sin r Tong is partially, if not. w oily re
sponsible for "Little Pete's" Ueatb and
in true accordance wit highbinder custom
the spilled blood of the interpreter would,
it is thought by Chinese, wipe out the
crime of bis relative.
THE SAM YUPS MEET.
It Is Understood i hat They Havp
Decided to Even Up on
the S c Yups.
Hardly had the warmth died out of the
body of the murdered man when the Sam
Ynps held a meeting at the rooms of the
Wan Ting San Fong tong at 820 JacKson
street, the third floor. Scouts were sent
out to bring as many members to the
meeting rooms as posbible, and the place
was crowded.
The conference lasted till daylight, and
resulted in the declaration that som>
prominent member of the See Yups must ,
die in expiation of tbe murder ot Fong
Cbing, or "Little Pete."
Nor is a fear of arrest and punishment
likeiy to cause these highbinders of the
Sam Yup Society to go slow. Their blood
is up, ami revenge is the prominent idea
in their minds.
The regular Chinatown squad was on
duty as usual yesterday. It consists of
rive men. E. C. Robinson, J. P. Myler,
Peier A. Gillin. P. O'Connell and James
Regan, all under the command of ber
geant Mooney.
Besides the regular squad there is a
special detail of nine officers, under ber
geant Wollweoer. Their names are W. D.
Scott, R. Connor, M. Callinr.n, J. B.
O'Connor, P. Butler, James Mc-G ■vern,
John Crotfley, P. Walsh and P. J. O Brian.
Late yesterday afternoon Captaiu Lees
ordered six additional officers to be added
to the squad. All of them are kept Lusuy
engaged patrolling the alleys and peeping
inso ibedenaof iniquity, with which, the
Chinese quarter abounds.
Officer Butier was stationed yesterday
before tue door of the barber-shop at 8.17
Washington street, where 'LittJe Pete
.was killed. The shop is closed, bui But
ler was constantly obliged to keep the
crowds of morbidiy curious moving on.
Tbe 6i«ht of tbe blood-stained floor and
chair in the room, which couid De seen by
straining on tit toe, was more than cu
riosity could withstand.
An examination of tiie premises showed
that the assassins narrowly missed killing
two other men at the time they shot at
Pete. One of the bullets passed through
tbe partition into an adjo niug barber
shop at 815}^, and another was found im
bedded in tuc same partition a few incues
from the nole made by the first.
A Chinese well Known in local court cir
cles as merchant and interpreter was in
King Ti's merchandise establishment next
door io the scene oi tbe shooting. He
states that immediately beiore "Little
Pete" entered tue barber shop he told him
that he bad lately made a good business
deal and closed up %'IWO on it, at the same
time exhibiting with aiy winks a handful
of gold coin. . .
'liiis person is inclined to the behei that
the Sue Sing is responsible for "Little
Pete's" death, as Chew Jing, the man
lately murdered by the Wah Ting San
Fong tong, of which Pete was the recog
nized bead, was a member of that hatchet
wielding souety.
It will be remembered also, as reported
exclusively in Ihe Call of a former date,
ih.it it was the Sue Sing highoinder soci
ety which accused the dead Chinese of
putting up tbe job on the police to give
ihe murderers of Jing time to leave t .c
country. The Sue Sing stated tnat "Lit
ile Ptte" had hired certain men, whom on
occasion could be easily proved innocent,
to rest under the suspicion of ttie police
and go to prison until after the affair had
blown over.
The men did so, at least, whether vol
untarily or not, and in due time were re
leased for lack ot evidence. The scheme
worked like a charm.
Officer Robinson desires to correct some
mis>tatements made regarding ihe arrest
of Wong Sing and Chin Poy made in a
morning p» per. He also contributes the
very valuable statement that the revolver
(with four chambers emptied) picked up
by Special Officer George Welch on the
corner of Jackson street and Waverly
place is known to belong to one of tue
men that fled into 123 Waveriy place.
Welch caw one of the men drop it, al
tuough he cannot tell which one did so.
"The public would get a conception
from certain published statements,'' said
Robinson, "that the squad had been de
coyed into raiding tan games to give the
murderers a better chance oi escape. This
is not true.
"Two of the (quad had raided one game,
and my partner, Myler, and I contem
plated raiding another. We were stand
ing at the time at tie corner of Jackßon
street and Fish alley.
"Weil, I leit Myler there and went up
to Ross alley to get an ax. Woile I was
on my way there I saw Chinese running
and toot after them.
"When I came to Wawrly place I met
Welch. He told me two men just ran
into No. 123. We went up there and ar
rested Sing and Poy. Both were taken to
the barber shop where the murder oc
curred and I turned one man over to
Officer Callinan, who had been along with
loaded that if it had been discharged it
us.
I 'As the crowd w-as increasing I went
after Myier and then we both returned to
the shop. You see by this that the squad
was on the scene as quick as anybody.
It is stated by the police that the old
fashioned pocket howitzer picked up by
Robinson on Waverly place was so heavily
would have blown tue man that held it to
atoms.
in the room where the two men were
arrested tbe officers found a chest contain
ing a box of loose cartridges, a three
cornered dagger and two pairs of "solder"
knuckles. The solder used in their manu
facture was douotless purloined at some
cannery, as more of the loose material lay
in the chest
TWO BIG COURSES.
Sport at Inßlesirii" Yesterday— Death of
John P. Dalton.
A large crowd was at Ingieside yester
day to witness the two big courses that
were arranged for the day. Owing to the
number of does entered in each only the
preliminaries were ran. The courses will
be run off next Sunday. Tlie runs so far
are as follow:
M. Traynor's Flashlight beat H. Spring's
Blue Rock; W. Perry's Gee Whiz beat T. Cox's
Sam; R. Strelik's Skylark beat P. McCabe's
Amesport; T. Butler's Susie beat Grace &
D an's Donald; Cupertino kennel's Lady
Campbell beat Dillon & Kelly's Sunoi ; J.
Tracy's Speed beat M. Traynor's Whin Jr.;
Portal & Hggerty's Magnet beat Ranis
den <fe Newman's Pacific Queen; Gr>tcj &
Dean's Said Pasha boat P. C. Curtis'
Commodore; P. C. Curtis' Daisy Bell
beat M. O'Connor's Lady Cliiton, Mira Monte
kennel's Mercy May beat Cupertino kennel's
Biackbird, Georg • Parkinson's Fireman beat
T. Cox's Bran. M. Traynor's Valley Maid beat
F. Donnelly's Reuben Glue, Dillon &Reill>'s
Queen B beat F. Cronin's Old Glory, P. C. Cur
tis' West Side beat E. Campbell's Bend Along,
E. Geary's Electric beat R. Strehl's Jimmy
Cook, Dfilon and Reilly's Sir Walter beat P. C.
Curtis' Carviniss.
In the puppy stake T. Cox's Port Costa beat
C. S. Apple bee's Queen A, G. Wattson's Don
Castor beat H. Spring's Brim bo, J. Rock's
Myrtle beat Cuperiino Kennel's Experiment,
J. Reilly's Jerome beat T. Murphy's Little
Pete, J. Fitzpatrick's Nellie Daiy beat J. Rock's
Restless. Cupertino kennel's Glen wood beat
R. Ray's Roy B, T. Neenan's Fairview
beat Grace aid Dean's Lady Jane, P. McCabe's
White Clifton beit J. M. Bryan's Articus, Cu
pertino kennel's Fleet wood beat T. O'Dowd'a
Gypsy, B. Dougherty's Tessie Fair beat M.
O'Connor's Jim Da y, J. Trade's Babe Murphy
beat J. Lessor's Nig, J. Quam's Young Ciifton
beat D. Ford's Miss Murphy. H. R. Baldwin's
Tod Sloan beat E Scou's Prince Pluto, H. R
Baldwin's Grasshopper beat G. Watson's Alice
D, Grace and Deau'a Rustio beat T. Tracy's
Jeisie.
John P. Dalton, late proprietor of the
Ingleside Coursing Park, died yesterday
afternoon at 3 o'clock. Bis death was due
to consumption, tie had been sick for
three or tour months, and had been con
fined to his bed for the past lour weeks.
AEOUND TH^l DIAMOND.
Santa Claras I>efeate<t by the San Fran
cisco Athletic Club'
The visitors from San la Clara were rie
Cold w
Is dangerous. We require heat. We
need pure, warm, nourishing blood to
keep us warm and guard against sickneis.
Good blood is given by
Sarsaparilla
i The Beat— lnlfact The Quo True Blood Purifier.
Unnrl'o Dill oa™ tne on] ? P lll * to t^ke
I ! nOOO S ; rlllS with Hood's BaraaDarma.
feated yesterday by the San Francisco
Athletic dub t.y a score of 8 to 3.
The game was a close one up to the sev
enth inning, the score standing 2 to"2.
The Santa Claras became rattled in the
jeventh and made some cos:ly errors, al
lowing their opponents to score two runs.
In the next inning our more runs were
added, winning the game.
The defeat of tbe vsito s was due to the
poor support given Steffani. The latter
p tched an exce lent garae, .iving but two
men their bases on balls and striking out
ten men. Foley played ye!iow ball on
third, making six costly errors and vir
tually losing the game.
While .etching too close to the batter in
the filth inning Drews was hit in the heait
by Farry as he swunu around. He was
knocked insensible, but when he retrained
consciousness he pluckily continued the
game. The features of the game were tbe
excellent batting of Spellman and Drews'
running catch of a foul fly. The score is
as follows:
R. H. K.
Santa Clara 0 10 10 0 0 0 1-3 9 13
S. F. Athletic C1UD....0 0200 0a 4 0-8 7 8
At the Presidio Athletic grounds yester
day were several exciting games.
The Galliway Lithographing Company
defeated tbe Dicfcman-Jones nine by a
score of 15 to 13.
Th« Siation D team of the Postoffice
Department defeated a strong picked nine
by a score of 12 to 5.
In the afternoon a charity game was
played between tbe Evening Posts and the
California Markets, the former winning
by a score of 12 to 5.
Over 20CO people were on the Presidio
reservation yesterday watching ihe game
between the United States Regulars and
the George H. Tays. Tbe Regulars won
by a score of 23 to 10. The victors have
won thirteen games against the leading
teams of this State, and are willing to
meet the San Francisco Athletic Club
nine, the Violets or any other strong team.
The South Ends defeated the Quinns
yesterday by a score of 33 to 18. The
South Ends would like to i>er from any
team under 18 years. Address challenges
to WaUer Watson, 5 Crooks street.
Next Sunday the Piute Indians will play
the Alameda Alerts at Central P;irk.
. NEW TO-DAY.
WEITi'iODDCE THEM
to YOU for $45,00
Set up with water-back and all ready for
kitchen duty, with our guarantee that they
are the finest steel ranges made.. They
are as shown m cut and have 20-inch
ovens. The number is limited to seven
at this price. .
OUR SPECIALTIES.
.Meyer's Blue Flame Cookers and Im-
proved Oil Heaters. -
JOHN F. MYERS CO.,
947 Market St., Next to Hales.
<vv eBSFA/£ Oo
DOCTOR SWEANY,
A Physician whose reputation la estab-
lished by ten years of successful practice
at 7^7 Market St., San D'ranclgco, tal.
LOST A nd all the attend-
MAWWnfin in & ailments of
mAnnuuu nervous debi-
lity of Young, Middle-aged
and Old men, indiscretions of
youth, excesses of mature years,
drains which sap the vitality,
failing strength, aching back,
diseased kidneys, inflamed
glands, .varicocele, hydrocele,
dizziness of the head, gloom
and despondency, poor memory
and a wandering mind.
BLOOD AND aii , blood
SKIN DISEASES. £ y nto c f ™
whatsoever, eczema, etc.
BLADDER. Irritability, cystitis,
stricture, etc.
RUPTURE. New method, sure
cure, painless treatment, no de-
tention from work, no experi-
ment, no knife, no truss. A posi-
tive, certain and permanent cure.'
LADIES Will receive special
and careful treatment for all
their many ailments.
WRITE if away from the city.
Book, "Guide to Health," a trea-
tise on all organs and their dis-
eases, free on application.
Call or address ■ -:
787 Marke. St., San Francisco. C»l. -
GEORGE H. FULLER DESK CO.
Jf^xzi^Zp \ '■ M-^jzZJT 1 ' Is the Place to Buy
JHH DESKS, CHAIRS
B3ip| OFFICE FIRMTI'KB
g' l»^%"HJl£i& 638-640 Mission St.
' .•^^M^>i>.ia Bit; 6is a lion-poisonous
remedy for Gonorrhoea,
jftSßrvCllEaSlM Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
/^imioi^ Whites, unnatural dis-
JdV Gn»r»niead ■ charges, or any innammi-
rc>f a«; to itrittnre. tiou, irritation or ulcera-
S^*— if Prtveau ooauclon. tion of mucous mem-
|f7«>ttTHEEvAH3CHEHIC»t-Co. branes - Non-Mtringenr.
V^C!NOINNATI,O.^Sa Sold by Dro|rgis«c,
p c i K^~or seat in plain wr~ppe"
4&Ki!b>*L '^JmJr\a i > 7~? xrres8 L prepay. f>jc
*^^^Jg^rfPso« 81.00, or sent or - C2.7i
-H^SSsSa^i> B Circular Bent or - ivaatFEARFUL SUFFERING
IN STRICKEN INDIA
Ravages of the Famine and
Plague Described by
Missionaries.
Oae-Third of the Population of
Bombay Fiee for Their
Safety.
Children of Afflicted Natives Rescued
by Christian Workers From
This Country.
BOSTON, Mass., Jan. 24.— The American
board has received a group of letters from
its missionaries and correspondents in
India relating to the plague and famine.
Rev. E. S. Hume of Bombay, who went to
India in 1875, sayc:
"Things have been goinp from bad to
worse until the situation is most grave
and even alarming. One-third of the poo
ulation of the city is said to have fled and
multitudes are still leaving. One of the
railroads has put on six extra trainß a day
/and hundreds crowd about the municipal
/ .tious waiting for an opportunity to get
t away. At first the plague was confined to
-. one ward of tue city, but it nas spread
from place to place until no section is free
Irom the disease. So, also, all classes of
Europeans have suffered from it. The
public reports have greatly under-esti
mated the number of deaths, which is not
less than 200 and 300 a day.
"The native Chr.stians have been mar
velously protected. Not one so far as I
know has suffered from the plague. The
Bishop of Bombay has appointed a day
lor special prayer to be observed by all
of the Church of England congregations,
and has invited all other Christians to
jpin with them. This has been done none
too soon. Hindus, Mohammedans and
Parsees have in their own way shown that
they recognize the hand of God in the
affliction and know that deliverance must
come from a higher than human power."
G. S. Eddy, one of the secretaries of the
students' volunteer movement, mingles
an account of the effects of the famine
with a story of the efficiency and demands
of missionary work. The letter is dated
from Calcutta, but refers to previous ex
periences in Bombay. He says:
"Leaving the steamer we step into a boat
and enter Bombay, a town of nearly a
million people. The streets are thronged
with dark-skinned natives, whose differ
ing turbans ana dress indicate their re
ligion and caste. Here we pass a group of
women tearing their breasts to a dirge;
ti.e plague has another victim. From the
busy street we enter the acre of mission
ary compound with its low buildings.
After the finest welcome we ever received
we go to breakfast, just such a one as we
wouid have at home. As we leave break
last we notice a native woman working
quietly in the corner of the halL The few
pennies she is earning keep her from
barving in these times when ncr only
I ud has been cold water. vVe pass a
' «roup of swarthy men from the famine
district waiting to ask the missionary for
work. After helping them he crosses the
comooniid to the schoolhouse. About 200
of the brightest faces one ever saw are be
fore him, the boys with bright eyes, the
girls neatly dressed in white.
"While we are singing we are noting
some of the more striking faces. That
dark, wistful child was rescued from un
der blows. Notice those few black faces,
evidently African, among the ligh:er In
dian brown. Those girls were captured
from a siaver. The missionary rescued
them a second time from the Mohamme
dans here, who almost had them in their
clutches. That fair Indian girl, the
beauty of whose character is written on
her face, wa^ brought here one day by her
heart-broken father.
" 'Madam,' he said, 'my wife has just
died and our law requires that I turn my j
little girl of six out from under my own j
roof. A man at forty has offered me 200
rupees for her this morning. I cannot
■ give her to him for it will mean her death.
Our priests are waiting at my door, de
manding my child ior the degrading ser
vice ol the temple. They shall not have
her, for I love her. All of these years I
have watched your school girls pass my
door and I have never seen an unhappy
face. Some one must love them. Oh,
will you love my little piri? It will cost
me caste and everything, but I give her to
you.'
"If you could see the peaceful face of
this little girl and the filthy temDle priests
at the temple waiting for their prey like
vultures at the Parsee burying-ground,
you would never ask again if missions
paid in sustaining girls in this Christian
hoarding-school, rescued from filth and
/ famine and vice for $35 a year.
We next visit a low caste school for
* .vs. Last week the best scholar died.
He had fallen from a tree, and the parents
called their heathen doctor, who said that
a spirit pushed him from the tree and it
must be driven out of him. He is seized
by tne hair and beaten with a stick. From
the fear and pain fever sets in and the
little boy die;. This is civilized Bombay.
In the last lamine, half of the children in
this school ate salt so they could fill up
with water and not require food. One
little boy was discovered wearing a big
knot tied against his stomach 'to tie down
the pain so that he could study."'
Rev. Mr. Barton, D.D., secretary of the
American board, «ays that while the pop
ulation of Bombay are leaving it, the
missionaries remain, in order to render
assistance to the stricken people, and, by
their presence, even to restore confidence
and impart knowledge to those who can
not get away. The plague has reached
very near to their premises.
BOMB AT A-\J> TMJB PLAGUE.
Squalid Quarter* of Native* Where the
B|hH intense Breeds.
' . ■ The European quarters of Bombay are
said to be as healthy as are to be found
! any where, but the Indian quarters, or
"Blacktown," as the Europeans call it,
• I affords most excellent facilities for nursing
I and spreading an epidemic. The main
■% thoroughfares are wide and comparatively
> clean, but the side lanes, unpaved and
without sidewalKs or gutters, are always
• in a most filthy condition. •
These quarters are densely populated by
people who live in low, small and dark
• houses seldom reached by sunlight,' in
utter disregard of all governmental or
municipal sanitary regulations, and with
the most violent and fanatical prejudices, j
engendered by custom and religion, against i
LONDON, Ejtg., Jan. 24. — In the House of Common* Lord George Hamilton, Secretary of State for India, stated that Lord Sandhurst, Governor-General of Bom
bay, had informed the India Office by telegraph that alarmist telegrams, greatly exaggerating the plague situation as regards the spread of the contagion to Europeans,
were being sent from Bombay to Europe by press representatives and others. Thus far, Lord Sandhurst wired, only four Europeans Had died from the plague, in
cluding a physician and a nurse.
any attempts to interfere with their sui- <
cidal way of living.
Having once gained a foothold in such a
quarter and among such people nothing
but tbe most drast c measures can ever j
stamp out any epidemic, let alone such a
terrible scourge as the present visitation.
The city of Bombay, or rather the aggre
gation of densely populated districts which
are called by that name, is situated near
the lower part of. an island of the same
name, which is one of an archipelago of
seven islands near the mouth of the Ulas
River, on tbe west coast of India. Bom
bay Island is about tweive miles long and
in the vi.per part three wide, with a long
peninsula (Kaiaba) narrowing off to the
south on the land side, and a shorter one,
Malabar Point, on *he sea side. A range
of hills extendß from the latter up the
west side as far as Mahim, and another on
the east side from Mazagon up an equal
distance. The long peninsula is a sort of
low plain, with an eminence of thirty to
fifty feet at tbe southern extremity.
On the upper part of this peninsula is
the original European town founded by
the Portuguese. This is the commercial
and administrative quarter and goes by
the name of "The Fort." Below it is the
town of Kaiaba and various hospitals and
Suniia ruins, observatory, barracks, etc.
North and west of "The Fort" comes
the esplanade, which foimerly was en
tirely open, but of later years has been
devoted to railroad and other industrial
and business purposes. On tbe east side
from the Government dockyard, on up to
Mazagon, is the port of Bombay, witn its
large basins, spacious docks and vast
warehouses, said to be as extensive as any
in the world. In "Tbe Fort," along this
quarter of the city, the business of the
Kurop-ans mainly lies. As is the custom
in the Far East, the hours of business are
short — from 10 A. if. to 3 P. M. — at which
hour tbe offices and stores are deserted
! and the place is quiet and, as it were,
! dead till the next day. The Portuguese
and ihe wealthy Parsees repair to Maza
gon Heights, while the other Europeans
betake themselves to Malabar Hill,
Khumbala Bluff and Mahim, while many
cross over ihe hills about Tannah on Sal
i cette Island, or on by rail to the moun
tains of Abunatu, Matheran and Panwel,
on the road to Madras, where at an
altitude of over 2000 feet more comfort can
be had than on the island.
The impetus given to the trade of Bom
bay in cotton during the American war.
the completion of the Suez canal and tbe
grand trunk lines of railroad to Calcutta
and Madras, with branches to other parts
of the great empire, has more than
doubled the business and the population
of the city during the last forty years, the
latter now being estimated at about
900,000. Seventy per cent of these are
Hindoos. The Europeans number about
13,000, and the rest of the population is
made up of every nationality and race
under the sun, Parsees, Arabs, Chinese
and Malays being the moat numerous.
From the first the other races left "Tbe
Fort" to the Europeans and settled them
selves in the part of the island just to the
north and between Mazagon and Malabar
hills— each nationality a race together.
The rapid influx of people caused more
indifference than usual in tbe location of
these habitations, and streets were not
laid off, but just extended themselves,
haphazard, as it were, in the direction of
travel. Soon all the higher parts of tbe
plain were taken up with dwellings and
huts, and when the railroads were built,
with their great causeways over to
Salcette and the mainland, much land
was reclaimed and used to raise them
above the tide water. Over this tha town
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 25, 1897.
Map of Bombay, Where the Bubonic Plague Is Raging.
was rapidly extended. The streets, or
rather roads, being kept nearly to a level,
the houses were left some feet below, and
in many instances whole districts were cut
off from proper drainage — sufficient cause
to breed disease and epidemic at any time.
The first outbreak in Bombay in this in
stance is said to have been In the quarter
called Umarkliadi, south of Mazagon and
just west of the Prince's does. Thence it
spread to Bycullah on the north, Bhu
lesvar on the west and so on over "Black
town."
Bycullah, the district in which the
plague now rages with the greatest viru
lence, is situated on a low, marshy plain
of great extent, formerly covered by the
sea. It is about the most unhealthy quar
ter of the many to be found in black
Bombay. The inhabitants are chiefly the
poorer classes of Parsees and half-castes
and some minor European employes, who
have set up native establishments. In
this quarter is the notorious Duncan road,
the "blood town" of Bombay, a sort of
Alsatia. It is a place of resort and refuge
for every person of bad repute on the
whole island — in fact, of all the west coast.
Numerous thieves, deserting sailors,
beach-combers of every nationality and
other abandoned characters, throng the
low taverns and grogshops and swarm in
the pestilent hovels.
Adjoining Bycullah on the northeast is
another large and populous city, Maza
gon, but of a different character, though
also a very unhealthy place, except on the
summits and slopes of the hills. The soil
about Mazagon is very fertile and the
vegetation very rank, from which poison
ous exhalations constantly arise. Maza
gon is largely inhabited by descendant of
the old Portuguese colonists— a very much
mixed and degenerated race, who have
entirely adopted the Indian mode of
living. .
CORBET T TALKS AGAIN.
T»ll8 of His Training and Says He Would
Like to Have the Battie in the
Sagebrush State.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 24.— James J. Cor
bett arrived here to-day from St. Louis.
He will commence actual training in
about two weeks. His theatrical com
pany will play in Chicago this week and
next week in Kansas City, and then his
trainer will take him to t h- battle-ground.
Corbett is not accompanied by his wife.
"I am keeping in training," said Cor
bett; "work hard for an hour and a half
or two hoars every day. I do my train
ing with McVey, although I find some
body in every town to meet me in a few
rounds of sparring. Handball is the best
kind of exercise for me and I can say with
out boasting that I play a great game. I
have met all the best players in the
United States and Canada, and the man
who wins from me has some trouble."
Asfced about the location of the ap
proaching fight with Fitzsimmons, the
cbampion said:
"You know as much about that subject
as I do. It will be a weight off my mind
when I learn the truth. I should like to
have it in Nevada, out toward my old
home, but as Dan Stuart ie spending so
much time in the South, I suppose the
battle will be down there. I shall have
more work to get acclimated if the South
is the place.
"Fitzsimmons is talking a good deal
and with very poor excuse. It would be
much more graceiui if h« would put up
his money first. I have $7500 and he but
$2500. Of course Ido not doubt but that
he will make the rest of tbe forfeit, but he
is rat»ier slow, to say the least."
After another mierview the question
was put as to Corbett's plans after tbe
fight:
"I shall go on the road attain at once,"
he said. "I don't know whether 1 shall
ever fight again or not."
VON HAHNKE NOW
HAS THE SWING
It Means a Naw Turn in
the Policies of the
Kaiser.
Lteps to Be Taken Toward the
Repression of All Liberal
Ideas.
Gig Laws to Bl Put in Operation
Worse Th ;n Those in Vogue Dur
ing the Bismarck Regime.
[Copyright, 1807, by the United Associated PressesJ
BERLIN, Germany, Jan. 24.— The Em
peror's allusion to a recent report of the
existence of a court cabal, and his state
ment that he knew nothing of any such
clique as has been alleged to exist, do not
alter the fact that besides his Majesty's
public ministerial council, he has his all
potent private advisers.
The influence of yon Hahnke appears
now in the ascendant with the Kaiser,
who has on several occasions dined his
charge of military cabinet alone, a dis
tinguished mark of imperial favor and
confidence. General yon Hahnke's as
cendency implies much. It means
the active prosecution of the plans for
increased armaments and in the sphere of
internal politics, lor Hahnke is no mere
professional soldier. It means a return
to a policy of repression of liberal ideas
and especially of Socialism. It means
that the Kaiser has for some time past
regretted the line he took in 1889,
in endeavoring to reconcile the
workingmen. He finds that they will not
be placated on any terras but their own,
and that his endeavors at conciliation
have been taken as a proof of weakness
on his part.
In going back to a policy of restriction,
of which the Umsturz bill in the Reichstag
was an instance, the Kaiser will have- the
heartiest support from the Hahnke circle.
There is good reason for expecting a Gov
ernment measure in thd Landtag propos
ing such amendments to the existing
common laws as will supply the Prussian
authorities with ample means to counter
act thestil! growing Socialist propaganda.
The law touching political organiza
tions, rights of meeting and press criti
cisms of public or private events is to be
"amended" and the severest repression
resorted to, as in the worst period ol the
Bismarck regime.
The composition of the Landtag renders
these proposals mure likely of acceptance
by the Landtag than was accorded by tfie
Reichstag to the Umsturz bill. Apropos
of the spread of Socialism, a Socialist re
view, Die Neve Zeit of Stuttgart, pub
lishes a statistical table on the influence
exercised by religion on the development
of Socialism. The figures as given show
that in every case where Catholicism is
dominant Socialism has the smallest rela
tive number of adherents. In Hamburg,
for instance, wnere the numerical ma
jority is Protestant, the Socialists hold
59.3 percent of the suffrage. In districts,
as in Hesse, where the Catholics form an
important majority, the Socialist vote de
scends to 24 per cent, and in districts such
as Posen, a Catholic province, there are
only 2 p?r cent of Socialist votes.
Centerist papers draw the inference that
the Catholic religion affords a resisting
force 10 the growth of anarchism and
argue that the Government in combating
socialism ought to recognize ita best ally
in the party of the Center.
On Wednesday last Embassador Uhl
and his wile, Miss Alice UM, Mrs. Guy
Thompson, nee Uhl, J. B. Jackson, first
Secretary of the United States Embassy,
and Mrs. Jackson, H. G. Squires, second
Secretary of Embassy, and Mrs. Squires,
Lieutenant Nib.ach, naval attache to the
American embassy, and Miss Butter at
tended a grand detiling court given by the
Emperor and Empress at the royal schloss.
The Americans who were presented to
their majesties included Mr. Jones and
wife of Cincinnati, Miss Ullman of
Grand Rapids, Mich., and Profsesor Guy
Thompson of Yale University who re
cently became the husband* of Miss
Lucy Uhl. The ladies of the Embassa
dor's party wore court dresses of unusual
splendor. Mrs. Squires was attired in a
white satin gown embroidered with silver
arabasques. tier corsage was embroidered
with gold flowers, each glittering with
diamond dewdrops.
The movement for a common German
national fete day, which was started in
1893 by some wel'-meaning folks and con
siderably discussed at the time, but with
out practical issue, has been revived. An
executive committee has come to the front
with a proposal that the first celebration
be tiled for 1900, that being the earliest
year when the gigantic arrangements con
templated can be carried out. There are
opponents to any national fete of this
kind, who say that 1900 will find particu
larism in Germany stronger than in 1897.
The economic differences between north
and south, west and northeast, the old
jealousies between Sudbraus, Bavarians
and Prussians, continue wide and deep.
The Kaiser is understood to have con
sulted Minister Miquel on the question of
the Turkish finance?, and especially in
the light of the recent report of Sir Edgar
Vincent, president of the Imperial Otto
man Bunk. The result has confirmed the
Kaiser in his determination :o support the
Sultan in his project of a council of
finance composed of Turks and Europeans
appointed by the Sultan himself and not,
as suggested by Lord Salisbury, under Eu
ropean control.
The conclusion of the Vincent report
that, Turkey will soon be financially sound
and prosperous under even moderately
good administration is now the official
German conclusion. The Kaiser appears
still to rely on the tjultan as being de
sirous to obtain an honest and effective
administration. Immediate developments
in the East will tend to disprove the gen
erally accepted notion that German in
terest in and influence upon Turkish
matters are only of a minor character.
Upon all this all-important and initial
question of financial reforms the Sultan,
with the support of Germany, will have
his way. German policy, adroitly passive
regarding Armenia, has been equally
adrou on the leading question before the
em bassiidoriaJ conferences. One result of
this agreement between the Kaiser and
the Sultan will be seen in increased con
cessions to German subjects, who now
hold the concessions for the leading Ana
tolian railways, supply the officials that
work them and get the principal contracts
for arms und ammunitions.
The Under Secretary to the Turkish
Finance Ministry, Bertran Effendi, who
recently resigned rather than countenance
the bogus budget, is likely to withdraw
his resignation. Bertran was sent from
the Berlin treasury nearly sixteen years
ago to reorganize the Turkish customs.
Nominally he is still a Prussian official,
holding the rank of sturerrath (Councilor
of the taxes), and he has been told to re
main at Constantinople.
PLENTY OF TIMBER
FOR THE CABINET
Every Available Man in the
Country Suggested for
a Place.
Nearly All the Portfolios Have
Been Tendered, But There
May Be a Readjustment
Cold Comfort Gven a Nebraskaa Who
Urged the Claims of His Own
State.
CANTON, Ohio, Jan. 24— There is a
growing impression that the Cabinet will
be finally completed within three weeks,
with the possible exception of one place.
Though Major MeKinley may decide
within the next ten days upon the eight
men who are to form his official family, it
does not follow that tne tinai appointment
of places and portfolios will be made
within that time. Most of the men who
are selected for the Cabinet will doubt
less be shifted about from time to time
and the final complexion of the Cabinet
may not be arranged before March 1. The
Secretary of State is, of course, decided on
and the Secretary of the Treasury will be
as definitely known as will that of tiie In
terior Department, but the portfolios of
war, of the navy, of agriculture, of justice
and the Postoflice Department will be a
good deal shifted about. The President
elect desires to fill the more important
places in his Cabinet as soon as possible,
in order that some thought may be given
as to the wort of choosing assistant secre
taries and the organization of the depart
ments.
A good deal of progress in the work of
Cabinet-making will probably be made
this week. Major McKinley has prac
tically finished the sifting process, and
he has listened to as many suggestions on
one hand and protests on tne other as he
has time for. The whole situation has
been thoroughly canvassed, every avail
able man in the country has been sug
gested for appointment to the Cabinet
and a legion of almost unknown quantities
have caused the President-elect to be
convinced that if he so desired he would
be told where he might discover some
hitherto unexpected timber for his Cab
inet.
The New York problem of Cabinet rep
resentation will probably be solved this
week. The current gossip is that General
Stewart L. Woodford will be the New
York member of the Cabinet. He is
highly esteemed by the President, and
personally is on most agreeable terms
with him.
Major McKinley is more intimately ac
quainted with General Wood ford than
with any of the other New York men who
are talked of as Cabinet possibilities. The
President-elect has a high opinion of
Wood ford's ability, and if political condi
tions continue to be as favorable as they
now seem to be, he is pretty certain to be
the next Secretary of War or tne Navy.
General Alger's appointment to the
Cabinet is not regarded as certain, but the
belief that he will be in it grows, and this
notion Is strengthened by the knowledge
that ex-Governor Merriam of Minnesota
and Henry C. Payne of Wisconsin seem
almost to have dropped, for the time at
least, from the Jist of those who are bains
seriously considered. There will be in all
probability a Cabinet officer from Wiscon
sin, Michigan or Minnesota, and if Mr.
Payne or Mr. Merriam is not chosen it is al
most certain General Alzer will be, unless
Lyman J. Gago should be made Secretary
of the Treasur ', in which event his ap
pointment would be deemed sufficient
recognition for all that general section of
the country.
The doubts about Mr. Gage's political
faith and economic creeds having been re
moved within the last twenty-four hours
NEW TO-DAY-
BEGINNING TO-DAY.
A CLOTHING SALE
1 20th CENTURY!
BH9HDHHf>S HDBHHHBBHfHDEHnfIHHH
A Bale never before attempted by any Wholesale Clothing Manufacturer
in the United States.
For thirty years it has been our custom, at the end of the season, to sell
our travelers' samples to the trade at less than the wholesale manufacturing
cost. This year, for the first time in the history of the clothing trade, the
public will have a chance to buy these samples at the fame prices we would
sell them to the trade. .
Our travelers have returned from their season's work, and now we place
• on sale their entire line of samples at about one-third actual value. We
really lose nothing by this — they have already done their duty and we would
have to sell them at these prices to the trade anyway.
The stock of samples is not large, so you must come quickly to get your
PiCk ' JUST A FEW PRICES:
/"»WII nnCM'C CI TITQ Retail ' Wholesale Traveler.**
CHILDREN^^Um*. Eg" Price. Sample Price.
A^Wf»l^VJi2°?.!!^!!.l??!! $7.50 $5.00 $2.50
boys' SUITS.
All wool, gray mixed worsteds, blue and black
toS^eS"™*"."???:!-^!::.^-? $12.00 $9.00 $6.00
MEN S SUITS.
All wool; blue, b.aek, brown and gray Cassl- <CIO F^O CO CD *R"7 RO-
meres and Cheviots; sizes 34 to 42 cheat ipIZi.JU spZ?,*J\J <p I •*J\J
PROPORTIONATE REDUCTIONS IN OVERCOATS AND TROUSERS.
BROWN^^
Wholesale Manufacturers
Props. Oregon Ci!;> Woolen Mills
Fine Clothing
For Man, Boy or Child
RETAILED
At Wholesale Prices
121-123 SANSOME STREET.
Bet. Bush and Pine Sts.
ALL BLUE SIGNS
by the visit of a Chicago gentleman to
Canton, it may be safely assumed that his
appointment is being more seriously con
sidered than ever, though it is by no means
certain that he will be selected, and indeed
the impression still prevails here that
Charles Emory Smith of Philadelphia is
the strongest possibility.
Information received here to-d3y and
during the last ten days make it certain
that the Senate of the United States will
be favorable to the enactment of protec
tive tariff legislation.
Major McKinley is more interested in
restoring confidence and prosperity than
the mere filling of offices and a good deal
of his time which the public thinks is oc
cupied with questions relating to pat
ronage is really consumed in thought
and discussions bearing on policies.
Major McXinley attended church and
spent the day quietly.
NEBRASKA AOT O-\ IB.E LIST.
Delegate Janten Went to Canton on a
fruitless Minion.
LINCOLN, Nebr., Jan. 24.— Peter Jan
sen, one of the delegates-at-laree from Ne
braska to the Republican National Con
vention, is in the city direct from a visit to
Major McKiniey. He tells of an extended
interview with the President-elect on
Cabinet possibilities, and says:
"The conversation turned on the matter
of Secretary of Agriculture. I impressed
on him that the agricultural interests of
the country wanted a man from tne Mid
dle West, not from ttie Far West, as Cali
fornia, for a man from there would not
■ understand the problems that confront the
farmers of the great plains region. Major
McKiniey replied that he was satisfied a
man from the corn belt was needed. The
major then turned and said : 'Do you
know Senator Wilson of Iowa?
"I replied that I did and that he was a
fine man. 'But we have some good timber
in Nebraska, I interposed, anxious to
stand up for the State. 'That is so; I
lully realize it,' said the major. Then
after a pause he said significantly, 'It is
really too bad that Nebraska went back
on us. The State should have pone Re
publican.' I took this to mean that Ne
braska could not expect to get a Cabinet
position under the circumstances, and I
believe Senator Wilson will be Secretary
of Agriculture. As for the Treasury, I
believe either Lyman J. Gage of Chicago
or Senator Cullom will be the choice."
Mr. Jansen says Major McKinley is
strongly in favor of international bimet
allism. ■■
FALL OF A TOPMAST.
It Killed the Captain's Son and Cause
the Sorrowful Mate to Attempt
Suicide.
TALLAHASSEE, Fla., Jan. 24.— The
schooner Norman, Captain E. B. Gray,' of
Castine, Me., from Barbacioes, West Indies,
arrived at Carrabelle yesterday. When off
Santo Domingo January 11 the mate, J. J.
Leighton, W'th two men, was aloft on the
mizzenmast to repair some damage that
had been done to the topmast, and from
some cause unexplained the lashings hold
ing it broke, letting it fall to the deck.
The captain's son, Walter, a youth about
18 years of age, was standing on the poop
deck, and was struck and instantly killed
by the falling spar. He was buried at sea
January 12. The mate, Leighton, was so
overcome by the accident that he at
tempted to commit suicide by shooting
himself with a revolver, but was prevented
by one of the crew throwing a marlin
spike at him, striking him on the head,
causing the bullet to glance off and in
flicting only a painiul flesh wound on the
head. He was put in irons, and was
handed to Deputy Sheriff Mattair, who
took him to Apalacbota before the Com
missioner, who, finding him rational, and
as he was in no way to blame for the acci
dent in which young Gray was killed, dis
charged him from custody.
Imitating Hryan'* Book.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 24.— Judge Horton
yesterday granted an injunction against
a Philadelphia publishing house to pre
vent imitation of "W. J. Bryan's new book.
Of late another Bryan book has appeared.
While the title page does not say it was
written by Mr. Bryan, the display of
words in large and small type is such, it
is said, as to convey that impression. The
title is "The Great Battle". The injunc
tion was served last night. Attorney
Newman taid that similar injunctions
would be asked for in every city where aa
attempt is made to sell the book.
34
SPENT A FORTUNE
IN OCEAN TRAVEL
Death of an Old Lady Who
Was Infatuated With
Salt Water.
Had Crossed the Atlantic Two
Hundred and Fifty Times
in Thirty Years.
Never Missed a Trip on the Locania
and Was Known by the Astors
and Vanderbilts.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 24.— Elijah Car
son, a most remarkable woman, died Fri
day night at Alamosa, lowa.
Mrs. Carson had crossed the ocean 250
times and possessed the extroardinary
record of never having missed a trip on
the Lucania since that splendid vessel was
launched.
For thirty years she has been traveling
across the Atlantic until her face has be
come a familiar one, not only to the of
ficers of the vessels of the Cunard line, but
to the custom-house officials on both sides
of the Atlantic. She is said to have been
received on intimate terms by the Astors
and Vanderbilts and other prominent
families of the country who had long been
accustomed to meeting heron her trips
across the sea, and Patti, the prima
donna, had the strongest liking for Mrs.
Carson.
Mrs. Carson was the wife of Samuel
Carson of Belfast. Her name was Newell
before her marriage, and her brother,
William B. Newell, was a millionaire of
Nashville, Term. Shortly after the death
of her husband, in 1864, Mrs. Carson, ac
companied by her daughter Elizabeth,
came to America to visit her brother.
This was Mrs. Carson's first ocean trip
and was the beginning of her infatuation
for the Bea. Mr. Newell prevailed upon
her to remain in America and on his
death bequeathed to her half a million
dollars in cash and property. This formed
an ample fund to permit the indulgence
of her eccentric desire to be continually
on the water.
It was in the year 1566 that Mrs. Carson
was first at liberty to follow her penchant.
She left her young daughter in the hands
of friends and took her second trip to
Belfast. She returned in a few weeks,
saw her child was in safe hands, and from
that time until the day she was seized
with her last illness a month seldom
passed but she took a voyage across the
Atlantic.
In the year 1883 her daughter was mar
ried to Julius Rohrbach, a traveling van
of Chicago. Mrs. Carson then felt that
she had no more family ties which would
restrain her from keeping continually on
the sea, ant] since 1886 her entire time has
been spent in her voyages.
Mrs. Carson had the strongest affection
for Captain McKay and all the officers of
the Lucania and remembered them in her
will. It is said Captain McKay was be
queathed $50,000, and the subalterns sums
proportionate to the esteem in which she
held them. The exact terms of the will,
however, cannot be learned, as the docu
ment was filed at Belfast.
Mrs. Carson was well known in Chicago.
About two years ago her son-in-law, Ju
lius Rohrbach, by the advice of his wife,
made an effort to restrain Mrs. Carson
from taking any more trips across the
ocean. While she was stopping at the ho
tel here on a visit to her daughter, Mr.
Rohrbach went before a local court and
asked for the appointment of a guardian,
making the statement that Mrs. Carson
had already spent $250,000 in her sea voy
ages, and that unless a stop was put on it
her entire fortune would be spent.
Mrs. Carson violently fought this legal
move. In her vigorous manner she an
nounced that she would submit to no re
straint, and that if her son-in-law dared to
interfere with Ler liberty she would cut
him off without a cent. This so alarmed
Mr. Kohrbach and his wife that the pro
ceedings were dropped, and Mrs. Carson
was permitted to resume her journey
ings.
The incident, however, had made an
impression on her mind, for on her next
visit to Belfast she made and had placed
on record a will, in which she gave but
$1000 to her daughter, $25,000 each to her
bankers at Belfast and her agent in New
York City, and the remainder of her for
tune to the officers and crew of the Lu
cania.
Mrs. Carson made her last voyage across
the Atlantic five weeks ago. On the trip
out from Liverpool she was seized with an
attack of pneumonia, and when the
steamer reached New York she was fail
ing rapidly. She was taken to a hotel,
where she remained two days, when her
daughter, Mrs. Rohrbach of Alamosa,
lowa, arrived and took her West.
Mr. and Mrs. Rohrbach arrived this
evening from lowa with Mrs. Carson's
body. They were on their way to Nash
ville, Term., where the interment will take
place. Mrs. Carson was 74 years old.
INTENSELY COLD
KTER THE STORM
I Continued from Firtt Fage.\
venience was caused to pedestrians. Prom
all over the city to-night came police re
ports of persons who had fallen on slip
pery sidewalks and been injured more or
less severely.
PITTSBtJRG, Pa., Jan. 24.— The bliz
zard reached this city last night and with
it came the heaviest fall of snow of the
winter, more than six inches covering the
ground to-day. The thermometer was 6
degrees above zero at 6 o'clock and fall
ing.
ST. PAUL, Minn., Jan. 24.— N0-night's
reports from every part of the Northwest
indicate that last night was the coldest in
two winters. St. Paul, about the warmest
point in this whole section, registered
25 below. The range was from that figure
to 30 below at St. Cloud, 36 below at Aitkin
and 40 below at St. Hilaire. There are no
reports in yet of people freezing to death,
though suffering in the country must have
been very great. The St. Paul Relief
Society has been busy all day furnishing
coal and other supplies to the needy.
Indications point to a further drop in
the temperature of at least ten degrees to
night.
Eaiiway traffic is everywhere greatly j
retarded, either by drifts or inability to
keep up steam. Around Aberdeen,
Huron, Milbank and Wilmot, S. Dak., no
effort has beea made for two days past to
clear the tracks, owing to the very high
winds, and the cutß are now full to the
brim.
A Chicago, Milwaukee and St. Paul
passenger train is stuck in a drift near
Bonilla, S. Dak. Fuel has been carried to
the train to keep the passengers comfort
able. Another train containing $250,000
of the money of South Dasota ii stuck in
a drift near Highmore, S. Dak. Reports
from points along the Missouri River in
dicate that there will be heavy mortality
among cattle and sheep in that section.
It is clear in Central and Eastern Minne
sota and the wind has subsided.
OMAHA, Nebr., Jan. 24.— This has been
the coldest day Nebraska has experienced
in two years. At many points the mer
cury registered 12 degrees below zero, and
the warmest reported was 4 degrees below.
A strong wind from the north made the
cold seem more interne. The Missouri
River is frozen over, and icemen, who had
given up hope of a crop, will begin cutting
to-morrow. Little snow has fallen in this
section, and railway traffic is not inter
fered with.
DENVER, Colo., Jan. 24. — The cold
wave struck this section at 5 o'clock yes
terday afternoon, and in less than an hour
the thermometer fell 30 degrees from 60
to 20 above zero. Ten above is the mark
registered at 8 o'clock to-night, with pros
pects of zero weather before morning.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Jan. 24.— The
thermometer at 8 p. M. registered 4
above zero, and before midnight the mer
cury had dropped to as many degrees be
low, with a continual downward tendency.
The reports show that before morning it
will reach 10 or 15 below. The streets
are deserted to-night; the churches are
empty, and numerous entertainments an
nounced in various balls and theaters had
to be abandoned. The suffering among
the poor is appalling.
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich., Jan. 24.— The
mercury to-night is 5 below zero, and is
still falling.
BUZZ A III) IX £AGI4.VC.
Sheep and Cattle IHe on T,and and Fi*h
arm en Perish at Sea.
LONDON, Ekg., Jan. 24.— The snow
storm which began on Friday continues,
and Is causing any amount of interrup
tion of travel and inconveniences. Many
sheep and other animals have perished,
and the losses sustained by farmers and
others will be quite heavy. The snow is
so deep between Hastings and Brighton
that a number of trains have been blocked,
an occurrence which is seldom heard of in
that part of the country.
The severe wind which accompanied the
storm has done considerable damage along
the coast. Some of the fishing boats which
have arrived at Lowestoft report the loss
by drowning of several of their crews. A
number of the boats ■were quite badly
damaeed in the buffeting tney received
while trying to make port.
Quantities of wreckage are being washed
ashore on the Norfolk coast, indicating
the loss of some vessels at sea.
SPLIT AMONG THE STRIKERS.
Some of the Union Miners at Leadville
Conclude to Cut Loose From
Their Leaders.
DENVER, Colo., Jan. 24.— The report
was spread about the State to-night that
the Leadville strike had been settled. No
report has ever caused such good feeling
and general rejoicing among the people of
the whole State. At the theaters, when
the curtains fell on the first act=, it was
annoanced from the stages that the strike
was settled. Audiences rose in their seats
and cheered most wildly. In the largest
and most fashionable theater in Denver,
which held about 2000 people, the cheering
continued until the curtain rose on the
second act.
It was not until midnight that the ex
act situation could be learned. It ap
pears that there has been a bolt of a part
of the union members and these have re
solved to cut loose from the dictation of
the leaders and seek work in the mines.
While this has not settled the strike it is
hoped that it may soon reach that end.
The most extrnvagant claims of the bolt
ers still leave a good majority in the
union.
Eugene V. Debs has urged the men to
accept a proposition from the mine-owners
which guarantees the re-employment of
the strikers.
It is believed that if the miners would
get away from the influence of their of
ficers and men from outside the camp they
would soon declare the strike off.
QESERAI. AZTORD'S SUIT.
Claims Thnt J>r. JCdmundton Alienated
Hi* Wife* Affection*.
DALLAS, Tex., Jan. 24.— A suit has
been filed by George M. Alvord against
his son-in-law, Dr. M. M. Edmundson, for
$20,000 damages. General Alvord alleges
that Edmundson alienated the affections
of his (Alvord's) wife, and charges that
Dr. Edmunson slandered him to Mrs.
Alvord, destroying her confidence in him,
causing a separation. General Alvord
also caused Dr. Edniundson to be arrested
on a charge of criminal libel. General
and Mrs. Alvord are very old and the
family has been prominent in social and
business circles of Texas for many years.
Dr. Edmundson i.-i a native of Chicago.
His wife was a leader of Dallas society at
the time of her marriage. A son of Gen
eral Alvord is editor of the Lewiston
(Idaho) Tribune and Speaker of the Idaho
Legislature.
Suffering in Aeto York.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 24.— A special to a
morning paper from New York says:
There is famine and suffering in New
York. Tens of thousands of men are out
of worfe and thousands of them doubtless
are suffering the pangs of hunger. Sev
eral cases are reported daily in the local
press, but no attempt has been made by
the newspapers or by any organized
charity to secure statistics, and no one
knows even approximately the extent of
the penniless unfortunate brigade. It is
impossible to make any comparison with
the conditions in Chicago.
Sherman's Succcsior Selected.
YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio, Jan. 24.— County
Clerk J. H. Eunlman, who was at the leg
islative reunion in Columbus on Friday
night, returned home to-day and said:
"It is certain that Lieutenant-Governor
A. W. Jones of Youngstown will be ap
pointed Senator to succeed Sherman.
There will be no special session of the
Legislature called. Mark Hanna will not
be Senator and Governor Bushneli will
appoint General Jones to the Senator,
ship.
Woman Suffragists Gathering at Detroit.
DES MOINES, lowa, Jan. 24.— Miss
Susan B f Anthony, Rachel Foster Avery
and Anna Howard Shaw of Philadelphia,
Mrs. Chapman Catt of New York, Miss
Edith Stone Blackmail and others prom
inent in woman suffrage work arrived
here this morning to attend the National
Convention of the National Woman Suf
frage Association, which opens here Tues
day. Many delegates are arriving from
all parts of the country, the West espe
cially ueing well represented.
TO CUKE A COLD IN ONE DAT.
Take lucrative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All drug
gists refund tlie moaey it it iaiis to cure. -5c
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 25, 1897.
IMPORTANT WORK
BEFORE CONGRESS
Coming Week Expected to
Be a Lively One in
the Senate.
Arbitration Treaty, Nicaraguan
Bill [and Cameron Resolution
Set for Discussion.
Turpie Will Speak on the Independ
ence of Congress and Arrogance
of the Administration.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 24.— The
arbitration treaty, the Nicaragua canal
and the insurrection in Cuba will be
again discussed in the Senate during the
coming week. Senator Turpie of Indiana
will open the Cuban debate to-morrow,
ostensibly on Senator Cameron's resolu
tion recognizing the independence of the
Cuban republic. Mr. Turpie will devote a
considerable portion of his time, how
ever, as has been said, to a consideration
of the subject of the independence of Con
gress, with sncn incidental strictures on
the manifesto of Secretary Olney as may
occur to a plain, outspoken man who be
lieves the executive department has over
stepped its proper function in seeking to
intimidate the Senate by the threat of the
veto power and the predicted defiance of
contemplated legislation. Mr. Turpie's
penchant for sarcastic comments and his
failure to conform to the polite language
of diplomacy in attacking policies that he
believes to be wrong lead to the belief
that hit speech may be piquant readiug.
The condition of the Nicaragua canal
bill is peculiar. It is still the unfinished
business. Senator Morgan, who has given
the subject careful consideration, says the
bill is drawn so as to come within the
terms of the concession granted by Nica
ragua, and he denies that the letter of
Minister Rodriguez has any weight what
ever. He will antagonize a motion to send
the bill back to the committee if any is
made and insist upon the vote on the bill
being taken. The debate in the Senate
will probably be protracted until the Nica
raguan correspondence called for by Mr.
Morgan's resolution, adopted Saturday, is
received. Meanwhile the Rodriguez let
ter will liaye an important bearing upon
the general treaty of arbitration which
will be taken up by the committee in
special session to-morrow. Friends of the
Isthmus canal will antagonize final action
on the treaty until something definite is
done on the canal bilJ.
At the conclusion of Mr. Turpie's
speech to-morrow, the Senate will listen
to eulogies on the late ex-Speaker Crisp.
The bankruptcy bill, which was on the
special order for 2 o'clock, will in all prob
ability be postponed a few days.
The bill to provide for the representa
tion of the United States by Commission
ers at any international monetary confer
ence hereafter to be called— the Wolcott
biil — will be considered Tuesday after the
morning business.
Less than six weeks of the present ses
sion of Congress remain, and this fact has
impressed upon the managers of the
House the necessity of more vigorously
pushing the appropriation bills yet re
maining to be considered.
It was stated yesteiday by a member of
the Committee on Rules that the agricul
ture and Indian bills now on the calendar
would be the principal business on the
programme this week. These bills,
although carrying comparatively small
sums, usually give rise to more debates
than others on the list.
The seed distribution provided for In
the agricultural bill is sure to evoke criti
cisms, and the Indian question can be re
lied upon to occupy a day or more of the
time of the House. The Indian bill fur
ther contains the provisions of the bill
reported two or three weeks ago, to abol
ish the officers of Indian Commissioner
and Assistant Indian Commissioner and
confer their duties on a beard of commis
sioners. This may be promptly disposed
of on a point of order, but is more likely
to be the occasion of considerable talk be
fore being thus disposed of.
The new immigration bill agreed upon
by the conferees will be presented to the
House to-morrow, and the advocates of
the measure will endeavor to secure a day
later in the week for its consideration.
RIVER AND HARBOR JUNKET.
Fourteen Members of the House Commit
tee Start Out to Inspect Work on
Southern Waterways.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 24.—Four
teen of the sixteen members of Congress
composing the Senate Committee on Riv
ers and Harbors, many of them accompa
nied by their wives and other members of
their families, left Washington this morn
ing at 11:15 o'clock over the Southern
Railway for New Orleans and Mobile and
other placet to inspect Government im
provements on waterways.
The party traveled in a special car In
charge of Captain J. W. Bryant, repre
senting the commercial and shipping in
terests of New Orleans. They will reach
Mobile to-morrow, sDend two or three
hours examining the harbors of that city,
reach New Orleans Tuesday evening, and
on Wednesday go down to the mouth of
the Mississippi to see the crevasse in
Pass Aloutre and the jetties and south
west crevasse. They will return to New
Orleans Thursday and leave that night for
Sabine Pass to see the Government works
there, thence to Houston to inspect the
improvements on Buffalo Bayou. After a
visit to Galveston the party will return to
Washington, stopping en route at New
Orleans and Chattanoogo, Term. At the
latter place they will examine the Gov
ernment worts on the Tennessee River.
The trip will consume ten days. Amoni;
those composing the party are Hon. B.
Hermann of Oregon, wife, daughter and
son.
SENATOR G&OKGK VERY ILL.
Relative* Summoned and the Doctors
Thinie He Cannot Recover.
WASHINGTON, D. C.. Jan. 24.—Sena
tor J. Z. George of Mississippi is lying ill
to-night at the Garfield Hospital in this
city. At 11 o'clock to-night he is reported
as resting slightly easier than he had been
during the day. His wife and family, who
are at their home at Carrollton, Miss.,
have been summoned to his bedside and
are expected to arrive to-morrow.
Senator George came to this cily from
Mississippi on January 5 last, and imme
niately entered the Garfield Hospital. He
was then suffering from a complication ol
diseases, bronchial catarrh causing him
much annoyance. During the last week
bis hchrt has become involved in the gen
eral complications and it is from this
source that the greatest fears are now en
tertained. A consultation between doc
tors was held yesterday and the gravest
fears of his recovery were expressed. Sen
ator George has been unwell for nearly a j
year and has not occupied his seat in tne
Senate this session.
He is over 70 years of age, and this fact
militates against his recuperation.
STOLE lEX THOVSAXIK
Forged Contracts Cashed by the Con
fidential Cleric of the Contractor.
PITTSBURG, Pa., Jan. 24.— Forged
acknowledged contracts of city woric on
which $18,500 was raised, have been dis
covered. The paper was held by the
Columbia National Bank and the Mercan
tile Trust Company, but neither institu
tion will lose anything for the reason that
the amount involved has been made good
by the contractor, W. J. Dunn.
Mr. Dunn places the blame on a con
fidential clerk, who, he says, is now in the
West, but would not give his name. The
man has wealthy relatives who will
probably make good the money taken by
him. The torged assignments were placed
in tho banks as collateral, and were dis
covered when they were presented to the
County Comptroller for payment. The
actual amount of money appropriated by
the clerk was $10,000.
LOS ANGELES CHURCH WAR.
Colored Brethren Fight in a House of
Worship, end One Gets
Into Court.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 24.— The
brethren (colored) of the Second Baptist
Church of this city have been involved in
strife for several months, with good pros
pects of disrupting the organization. Sev
eral fistic encounters among the deacons
and other leading members of the congre
gation hare taken place during the past
few months. In one of these a Bible was
made to do yeoman service in the hands
of an enraged brother, who floored his an
tagonist with the good book. Great care
has been taken to keep these things from
the general public, but in the trial of Sam
uel Sims on a charge of disturbing the
peace before Justice Morrison yesterday
afternoon ail of the unpleasant facts came
to the surtace.
It appeared from the testimony that the
defendant, Sims, was at the time of the
disturbance endeavoriug to further the
candidacy of Brother Bowman lor the
place of deacon.
Brother Joseph Whitlock, an elderly
man, was the leader of the opposition,
and in the course of the meeting arose to
read a passage from the book of Timothy
.relative to the qualifications of deacons.
Before he had got well started. Brother
Sims appealed to the moderator to de
clare Whitlock out of order unless he
would read the entire chapter instead of
such passages as he might choose to bol
ster his side up.
A personal encounter ensued and
Brother Whitlock was badly worsted.
The church members took sides, some
with Whitlock and some with Sims. One
witness said that Brother Sims, on the
night in question, acted very "gentlefied,"
and she considered his arrest entirely due
to prejudice. Whether Justice Morrison
will take this view remains to be seen.
He took the case under advisement until
to-morrow.
ONTARIO EXPERIMENT BIA.TIOX.
Practical Department to Be Added to
Chaffey College.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 24.— Ar
rangements are being made at Chaffey
College, Ontario, for the establishment of
an experiment station. Experiments will
be made with different fertilizers, various
methods of pruning and care will be in
vestigated and many other branches
will be practically dealt with. H. F.
Shorting, a horticulturist of wide reputa
tion, will commence active operations
next week. The test plats will be on the
ground belonging to the college. Consid
erable money has bee donated to the en
terprise and it is expected that more will,
be forthcoming within the next few weeks.
Professor S. M. "Wood bridge of this city
and Professor G. W. Gooch of Chaffey
College are making all the necessary ar
rangements for the carrying out of the
plans.
LOSQ BEACH VENTURE.
li'f.t Sugar factory to Be Built Hear
tho Town.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 24.— The in
dications are that a beet sugar factory,
with a capacity equal to the one at Chino,
will soon be constructed on the Cerritos in
the neighborhood of Bixby Station and
not far from the town of Long .Beach, in
this county. The locality selected is said
to be well adapted to the production of a
splendid beet, rioti in saccharine matter.
Reports from the agents in New York re
garding the placing of bonds for the en
terprise are reassuring, and it is expected
that work on the factory will begin soon.
fatally Beaten in a Fight.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 24.— John
Bellew was found early this morning on
East Second street, suffering from a frac
tured skull. It is said he had been in
company with three other men. A fight
had evidently taken place between the
quartet, as two pools of blood were found
on the oppo»ite side of the street, and
near by was a heavy cane made from a
billiard-cue, with which Bellew had no
doubt been struck. Bellew was too dazed
to give much information, and tho police
have not made any arrests. The doctors
held a consultation this afternoon and
pronounced that Bellow's injuries were
fatal.
Souta'a Musical Contribution.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 24.— A meet
ing of the fiesta executive committee
was held yesterday, when appointments
to the various committees were made. It
was reported that John Philip Sousa will
compose a new march for the fiesta, to be
dedicated to the people of Southern Cali
fornia.
SANTA CRUZ REFORMS.
Tramp Nuisance Eradicated at but a
Slight Expenne.
BANTA CRUZ, Cal., Jan. 24.— The re
cent effort of District Attorney Carl Lind
say to reduce tbe tramp nuisance by be
ing present in pers n or by deputy at all
trials for vagrancy has created a great
deal of discussion as to the amount of fees
made by constables by arresting vagrants.
According to the r«ply made by County
Clerk Ed Martin to the Committee on
County and Township Government of the
State Legislature, whicn asked for the in
formation, the total amount paid to con
stables during the year 1896 was only $2228,
and the sum paid Justices of the Peace
only $1949.
These amounts are divided between ten
constables and ten justices, so that the
vagrancy expense is less than was sup
posed, considering the other duties per
formed by the justices and constables.
The fact is made more apparent by these
figures that Santa Cruz County has a
minimum vagrant element, which is
steadily being reduced through the efforts
of the District Attorney ana the Salvation
Army, the latter supplying work for the
unemployed.
Fresno Cutting Affray.
FRESNO, Cal., Jan. 24. — William
Bridges, a leader in colored circles of this
city, wa3 slashed with a razor to-night by
another negro named Partee. The wound,
though an ugly and cry painful one, is
not serious. The cut extends from the
crown of the head downward and under
the right ear to the cneek. It required
fourteen stitches to close it. It appears
that Partee had been too intimate with
Bridges' wife, and to-night her husband
caught him in the yard at the rear of the
house. Partee then set upon Bridges and
did the cutting. Partee has fled and offi
cers are looking for him.
18 yours a Stomach Cough ? Dr. D. Jayne's Ex
pectorant will care that. : Get it from your drug
gist.
ilia best Family Fill- Jayne'a Painless Sanative.
WELCOMES B'NAI
B'RITH BRETHREN
Stockton's Hearty Greeting
to the Grand Lodge
Delegates.
Reception in New Pioneer Hall
Followed by a High
Jinks.
Elaborate Banquet to Delight the
Palates of the City's Many
Guests.
STOCKTON, Cai,., Jan. 24.— Stockton is
entertaining the delegates who have as
sembled to attend the Grand Lodge of the
Independent Order of B'nai B'rith. Great
preparations have been made by the local
representatives to receive the delegates,
and there has seldom been a meeting of
the Grand Lodge where the visiting rep
resentatives have been accorded such a
hearty reception. The members of Hope
Lodge of this city are among the most
wealthy citizens of Stockton. They never
do things by halves, as was evidenced to
day and to-night Dy their treatment of
the visitors. Especial interest on the part
of Rtocktonians was taken in the gathering,
as M. P. Stein, one of the leading grain
merchants of this city and one of Stock
ton's most progressive citizens, was to
be elected grand president of the organiza
tion.
The morning boats brought hundreds of
representatives from all parts of the Pa
cific States. New Pioneer Hall had been
selected as the meeting place for the Grand
Lodge and here to-day's deliberations
were held.
The order was established fifty-three
years ago In New York City. It now has
nine grand lodges, nearly 500 subordinate
lodges and more than 35,000 members
scattered through the most civilized
portions of the world. The order expends
millions of dollars in deeds of charity.
To-day's meeting of the grand lodge of
the Pacific slope was one of the most suc
cessful ever held. Officers will not be
elected until Tuesday, but in the mean
time the routine business of the order is
being attended to and the delegates are
enioying a round of pleasure. To-night a
reception was tendered to them in New
Pioneer hall. The programme was of
exceptional interest, including the follow
ing numbers:
Overture..,, , ...Kruse Orchestra
Address of welcome on behalf of Hope Lodge
M. P. Stein
Address of welcome on behalf o f the citizens of
Stockton.. Congressnian-elect Marlon J)e Vrles
Mandolin quartet— "Morell*"
Mrs. Max Levy, Misses Rose Marks, Eadie
Klerskl, Annia Harks, Miss Rae Kaiser ac
companist.
Address Grand President Edward I. WoJfe
Vocal solo— "When love is Told"
Miss Mary Gibbons
Oration Orand Orator Edmund Tauszky
Piano solo— Rhapsodic No. 2 -Liszt
Mrs. Sidney Liebes.
Poem— "A Trloute to Israel" Miss Rose Marks
Solo— "For All Eternity," madnolln obllcato...
Mrs. Max Levy
Address Rev. Dr. Jacob Voorsanger
Cello solo J. A. Patterson
Recitation Miss Hattie Nashaa
Aanress Hon. Julius Kahn
After the reception the delegates held a
highjinks at the Imperial Hotel and the
leading lights of the organization were
brought forward to do their parts in the
programme of jollity that had been ar
ranged. The big dining-room of the hotel
had been decorated and the menu that
was served was one of the most elaborate
ever prepared by a Stockton caterer. To
morrow evening there will be a grand ball
in Masonic Music Hall.
COURSING AT SACRAMENTO.
Little Delight and Defender the Final
Winners in Exciting Con
tests.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 24.—De
spite the inclemency of the weather a large
crowd was in attendance at the coursing
park to-day, and although the ground was
in places muddy and slippery the major
ity of the events were fast and exciting.
First run— Kennedy's Little Delight beat De
vine & Power's Straight Tip.
J. Corcoran's Pride of Arizona beat Bumble's
Pennie.
Schulze & Rought's Handspring beat Duf
fle's Combination.
Sheehan & O'Brien's Grady beat Nethercott
Bros.' Forest Queen.
Mangan's Pansy beat Schulze & Rought's
Ben Brush.
Williams' Airship beat nestings' Isonomy.
Galliher's Duke Orlando beat Walsh's Pa'de
rewski.
Sheehan Bros.' Governor Markham beat
Nethercott Bros.' Moonlieht.
Barrett's Eclipse beat Wickwire's Geraldine.
First ties— Little Delight beat Pride of
Arizona; Handspring beat Orady; Airship
beat Pansy ; Governor Markham beat Duke Or
lando; Eclipse ran a bye.
Second ties— Little Delight beat Handspring;
Eclipse beat Airship; Governor Markham ran
a bye.
Third ties — Governor Markham beat Eclipse;
Little Delight ran a bye.
Final— Little ",Delight beat Governor Mark
ham and took first money.
Open all-aged stake, drawg — Alkali Boy beat
Blower and Slower. Cloverleaf beat Isonomy.
Straight Tip beat Yellow Jacket, Ben Brush
beat Forest Que'en, Duke Orlando beat Shy
Girl, Eva 8 beat Grady, Moonlight beat Com
bination, Tommy Hall beat Geraldine; De
fender beat Angellne.
First ties— Alkali Boy beat Cloverleaf, Ben
Brush beat Straight Tip, Duke Orlando beat
Eva S, Tommy Hall beat Moonlight, Defender
ran a bye.
Second ties— Alkali Boy beat Ben Brnsb, De
fender beat Duke Orlando, Tommy Hall ran a
bye.
Third ties— Defender beat Tommy Hall, Al
kali Boy ran a bye.
Final— Defender beat Alkali Boy.
Ed Canavan officiated as judge, VV. M. O'Neil
slipper, T. Kennedy steward.
TO LEGALIZE FIGHTING.
Business Men Petit/on the Nevada Legis
lature in Dan Stuart's
Behalf.
RENO, Nev., Jan. 24.— Petitions were
to-day circulated among the bnsiness men
in different parts of the State praying
that the State Legislature, now in ses
sion, license prize fighting and boxing
contests, removing the barrier against
contests being without interferences from
the United States authorities. Dan Stuart,
the fight promoter, is said to have been in
Carson for several days looking over the
situation.
The present outlook for bringing off the
CorbeU-Fitzsimmons fight is very promis
ing. Two or three desirable sites not off
the line of railroad are being talked of.
Will Lecture at banta Cruz-
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Jan. 24.— The Con
versation Club, recently reorganized, will
inaugurate the present season's course
with a lecture by Dr. Lorenzo Gordin
Yates upon "The Peculiar Features of the
Santa Barbara Islands." Dr. Yates is a
recent arrival in Banta Cruz and has a
proDOfition before the city to establish his
scientific collection and library here.
tithing JPartieM tisit Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Jan. 24. — San
Francisco wag well represented at the
salmon fishing here to-day. Fish Com
missioner H. F. Emeric and party, con
sisting of Rndolph Herrold Jr., A. T.
Vozelsang and wife, H. F. Fortman of San
Francisco and F. W. Henshaw of Oak
land, arrived last night. They went out,
on tbe bay in two boats and returned with
ten big salmon. F. B. Pixley of the
Pacific Ocean House took out a party on
Captain Taylor's launch, consisting of
Messrs. Swinnerton and Hanley of H. 8.
Crocker & Co.'s, San Francisco, and local
sportsmen, who made a catch of six sal
mon. Other parties made pood catches,
and altogether nearly 200 salmon were
taken in the morning's fishing.
JLN JJVSPJBCXJO N JLT FOJjSOSL
Legislators and Others Visit One of the
State Prisons.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 24.— Four
coaches filled with legislators, State offi
cials, prominent Sacramentans and news
paper men, left the depot at 9:30 o'clock
this morning on a visit of inspection
to the State prison at Folsom,
the granite quarries, the State rock
crusher and the big power-house, all on
the American River. The visitors found
the prison as clean as a new pin and look
ing as if it had always been so. Warden
Aull and Deputy Warden Baker escorted
be guests through the g reat stone build
ings and to the prison dining-room and
— models of neatness.
In the dining-room the prison band
gave a concert, which was highly appre
ciated by the visitors. The prison power
nouse, in which a wheel moved by the
water from the canal, turns the machinery
for producing electric lights for the prison
and the grounds and ice for the Kitchen
and hospital, were viewed with great in
terest by the visitors. Warden Aull re
ceived the congratulations of the members
of the Legislature and other visitors on
the excellent and ship-shape manner in
which he ha 3 conducted the institution.
In the officers' quarters the guests were
treated to a collation by invitation of the
Board of Prison Directors. The party re
turned at 5:30 o'clock.
Duckworth Is Yet 111.
SACRAMENTO. Cal., Jan. 24. — Chief
Clerk Duckworth is still confined to his
bed and his physician has ordered that he
should not be allowed to get up for several
days yet, during which time he must be
kept as quiet as possible. Chairman
Coomb 3 will appoint the committee on
investigation to-morrow.
Stockton Pioneer T>ead.
STOCKTON, Cal., Jan. 24.— JameB A.
Morrissey, one of Stockton's leading citi
zens, died early this morning after an ill
ness of several weeks. He was a native of
Nova Scotia and came to Stockton in the
early sixties. In every public movement
Morrissey was prominent and his death
has caused mourning in many a Stockton
home. He was a leading member at one
time of the San Joaquin Valley Agricul
tural Association. He leaves several
children.
Battihome for Salinas.
SALINAS, Cal., Jan. 24.— Among the
proposed enterprises in Salinas besides the
Spreckels beet-sugar factory now being
erected is the building of a commodious
bathhouse, which will rival that at Del
Monte in many respects. The building
will be erected on the Metcalf place. There
will be three tanks, and they will be built
after the model of the Del Monte. The
largest tank will be 14x60 feet in dimen
sions, with a depth of 14 feet, and there
will be two smaller ones for women and
children. It is proposed to heat the water
by means of the exhaust steam from the
Sperry flourmill near by. The baths will
be fitted with the very latest paraphernalia.
Cloverdale's Mete Industry.
CLOVERDALE, Cal., Jan. 24.— August
Whersporn, proprietor of the Guerneville
Lumber-mills in this county, having ex
hausted the timber around his mill, has
decided to locate in Ornbaun Valley,
twenty miles north of this place. The
company will establish a yard at Pieta or
Hopland for the Lake and Mendocino
County trade, while the main yard will be
at this place. The new industry will prove
a great help to Cloverdale, as many men
and teams will be employed.
Key. Dr. Hemphill 111.
For the last few days Rev. Dr. Hemphlll of
Calvary Presbyterian Church has been con
fined to his rooms at the Occidental Hotel
with a severe attack of la grippe. He was not
able to fill his pulpit yesterday.
Rev. Dr. Francis A.Robertson preached In
his stead both p.fternoon and evening.
Trinity Presbyterian Church is still without
a pastor, and the congregation is not in a
hurry to choose one. Last Sunday Rev. Dr.
Chalfant of Pittsburgh preached, and yesterday
Rev. Dr. Strange officiated.
Westminster, too, is still uastorless- Rev.
Dr. Herris preached at both morning and
evening services.
Professional Athlete and Trainer
J. F. King, Who Is Sanguine
That His Stanford Pupils Can
Beat the Eastern Champions.
Mr. King Leaves for Stanford
To-Day to Take Charge of
the Palo Alto Athletes.
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
FRESNO BURGLAR
COMES TO GRIEF
Tries to Enter a Rancher's
House and Is Badly-
Wounded.
Ignores a Warning to Depart
and Dashes Against a
Shotgun.
The Marauder Probably Crippled for
Lif) as a Reward for His
Indiscretion.
FREBNO, Cal,, Jan. 24.— Fred Bonn.an
was shot in the legs to-night by William
Hill while trying to enter the latter'a
house, a mile southeast of town. The
would-be burglar, who is a hard.looking
character, is now lying in the County Jail
suffering from two badly shattered shins
and with the prospect ol losing the use of
his rieht knee.
Hill says he first heard Borman walking
on the front porch of his house. Tae
rancher arose from bed and called to the
fellow to "get out." Looking through a
window Hill saw Borman waiting aroood
to the rear of the house. The rancher
then took his shotgun, loaded it and went
out to the rear porch. The burglar came
directly toward the steps and Hill stepped
out with his gun leveled and asked the
intruder what be wanted. Borman, see
ing the gun, sprang forward to grapple
with the rancher, crying out: "You will
shoot me, will you? I'll fix youl"
But Hill was too quick, and fired, aim
ing at the man's legs. The burglar
bounded into the air, gave an awful howl
and then foil in a heap on the ground.
His wailing and cries of pain were pitiful.
With the assistance of a neighbor, Hill
brought the rascal to jail. Borman sajrs
that he has been working at the Helm
ranch, but refuses to talk concerning
to-night's escapade.
tTttnrati OfflotrM Baffled.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., Jan. 24r-
The steamer City of Topeka, from Alaska,
arrived to-day and reports that much ex
citement continues in Juneau over the re
cent daring jail delivery. Four unknown
massed men entered the United States
prison, overpowered the guard and re
leased •'Slim" Bircn, under sentence to
San Quentin for robbery. An hour later
a thorough search was began, but no trace
of the fugitives could be found. Marshal
Williams offered a reward of $500 for the
prisoner's recapture.
Pacific Grove Chines* Arretled,
PACIFIC GROVE, Cal., Jan. 24.— S^x
Chinese were arrested last week at the
local Chinatown by Constable E. B. Gross
for violating the gaming laws. Gross
brought them before Justice J. R. Patriot
and charged them with playing fantan.
The Chinese grave bail in the sum of $40
and were released.
Interred at Tulare.
TULARE, Cal., Jan. 24.— The body of
Walter Carnish, the fireman killed on
Wednesday in the Oakland wreck, was to
day interred in tbe Tulare Cemetery. The
deceased was a brother of Street Carnish,
who was killed near Tulare two years ago
by a boiler explosion.
II BIG HOLEJ HIS HEAD
It was a fearful accident which occurred
in Oakland yesterday, and it goes to prove
that carelessness is as dangerous as dissi-
pation, indulgences, excesses and abuses.
A big hole in a man's head is sometimes
easily patched up provided the individual
has been in good health and has not
abused himself or dissipated. There are
hundreds of men, however, who never can
recover because they have misused them-
selves in a variety of ways in early life.
You cannot stay out all night, drink a
barrel of whisky and continue to abuse '
yourself and retain your good health. V"
If you have indulged in any of these /
forms of abuses the sure and speedy cure
is the great "HUDYAN" remedy treat-
ment. "HUDYAN" cures nervous de-
bility, neurasthenia, melancholia and the
diseases and disabilities of man. "HUD-
YAN" has been used as a remedy treat-
ment by the great doctors of the Hudson
Medical Institute for many, many years,
and has been so perfected now that it is
absolutely certain to cure. If you have
not read the testimonials about "HUD-
YAN." or if you bave not read the circu-
lars about "HUDYAN," write for them.
Circulars and testimonials sent free.
BLOOD POISON.
It is certainly not known to the laity,
though it is true, that blood poison in its
first, secondary and tertiary state, if not
properly cured, will be carried down from
father to son. After three or four genera-
tions blood poison ends in scrofula, malig-
nant cancers, etc. You have a body to
protect, young man, and you owe it to
yourself, and to your children to be per-
manently and skillfully cured of blood
poi>on. If you are suffering from blood
poison, if you notice falling hair, glandu-
lar lumps on the tongue, lumps on the
back of the neck, sores, sore throat, loosen-
ing teeth, copper-colored spots on the
I body, consult the great doctors of the
Hudson Medical Institute about their 30-
-day cure. The 30-day cure is certain— the i
30-day cure is positive. If you are not
cured in the time the doctors specify you V
will be treated with the 30-day cure" free
from that time onward until cured Write
for 30-day cure circulars.
Consult the Hudson Doctors Free
Consult the Hulson Doctors Free*
Consult tne Hudson Doctors" Free*
Consult the Hudson Doctors Free*
Consult the Hudson Doctors Freel
Consult the Hudson Doctors Free.MURDER'S STAIN
UPON A PROPHET
Remorse Believed to Have
Caused a "Messiah's"
Suicide.
Ogden Police Searching; for the
Companion of the Late
McAllister.
Missing Man's Eff cts Found Among'
Thosj of the Strarg-r Who
Kilhd Himse f
OGDEN. Utah, Jan. 2i.-The mystery
surrounding the suicide last Tuesday of
the man who claimed he was the Messiah
has been deepened instead of dissipating
as the investigation proceeds. Tlie Coro
ner's jury has been working on the case
for two days and is awaiting further news.
So far the evidence that instead
of the dead man being George O. Davis of
Lefors, Tex., he is one McAllister, who m
December last stooped with a shoemaker
here for some time. At that time he was
doing duty as religions exhorter, warning
the people that the end of the world was
at hand. There was with him a deaf man
who claimed he was the one mentioned in
1.-aiah. This man is now supposed to
have been Davis. Davis received $600
from the Canadian Valley Bank at Cana
dian, Tex., late in the lull. Since they
left Ogden together, in December, Davis
has not been heard of and cnnnot be
traced.
He was to have returned with McAllis
ter and ii is wife, who came from Oakland,
Cal., this trip and with them brought
Davis' trunk. The wife has gone, it is
eaid, to Kansas City. McAllister remained
here and committed suicide.
In his possession was Davis' trunk. He
pr-tended to be deaf and told the county
physician that his name was Davis. At
times he cou d hear as well as any one.
A dozen people who say they knew McAl
lister declare that he wa* the suicide.
Nothing can be heard from Davis' peopie
st Lefors, Texas.
The impression prevails here that Davis
was murdered by McAllister, who toot
possession of the Texan's stock of this
world's goods, but remorse overcame him
and he ended his life.
Efforts are being made to trace Davis.
The Coroner's jury has as yet reached no
decision.
LOST HIS FORTUNE AT TACOMA.
California Mongol Who Was Going to
China a Prince Wi.l Return
a Pauper.
TACOMA, Wash., Jan. 24.— Lee Gem
Cow, an intelligent-looking young Chi
nese, appeared at the police station this
afternoon with a pitiful tale of having
been robbed of a draft on a Hongkong
bank for $1100, the accumulation of sev
eral years of labor in California. As nearly
as can be Fathered from the almost unin
tellisible English of Lee he was robbed
on Thursday night while asleep at the
■wharf in a tourist car, in which he arrived
about a week ago from Cal ifornia. After
his passage had been paid at San Fran
cisco he invested all his earnings, except
the few übliars necessary to procure the
necessities for tbe trip, in a draft on a
Hongkong bank, which he kept securely
■pinned in an inn«r pocket ot his blouse.
It is the custom of the railway officials
at the wharf to assign Chinese arrivals
who are intended passengers to the flowery
Kingdom on the steamers of the company
to quarters on the second floor of the old
depot at the wharf until the place is filled.
Af:er that new arrivals are allowed to
jUeep in the tourist-car.-j standing on the
track near the buildincs. Lee was sleep
ing iv one of these cars when the robbeiy
occurred.
It is, of course, suspected that some of
his fellow Celestials Is responsible for the
disappearance of the money, out the po
lice have thus far only a very slight clew
upon which to work.
Lee has lived in California over five
years and earned his money by hard work
in a laundry and at market gardening.
He was returning to China as a prince,
intending to make his father a fine pres
ent, taKe to himself a wife and settle
down. Now, unless his draft is recovered,
he must return to San Francisco practi
cally a pauper and start tna saving pro
cess over again. He is lodging at the city
jail while the police are working.
PACIFIC GROVE ADVENTURE.
Salinas Resident Attempts to Capture a
Sea Lion and Barely Escapes
Alive.
PACIFIC GROVE, Cal., Jan. 24.—Wil
liam G. Conrad, who arrived last week
from his home in Salinas, met with a
peculiar accident yesterday. He was walk
ing along the beach near New Monterey
when his wife, who accompanied him,
saw a small sea lion sunning itself on a
rock near the shore. Conrad determined
to catch the little animal. Running to
McA bee's boathouse close by, he procured
a rope and, the tide being low, he crept
out with little difficulty to the rock where
toe sea lion lay. He found the little fel
low quite gentle and it was an easy matter
to fasten the rope around it.
Just as he was about to carry his captive
to the sbore a big wave struck them and
bore Conrad, who was standing on a rock
slippery with seaweed and kelp, entirely
off his feet. The wave dashed over the sea
lion and with a disgusted bark it dived
from the rock, taking the rope with iv As
Conrad had hold of the other end of the
rope, he was carried some distance from
the beacli before the suddenness of the
catastrophe and the amount of salt water
he had invoiuniar.lv swallowed permitted
him to realize the situation. Fortunately
for him, a young man upon the beach had
witnessed the whoie affair and promptly
came to his assistance, pulling him out of
the water more deaa thnn alive. He soon
recovered from the effects of his uninten
tional bath, none the worse ior the wetting
but disgusted because he had Jailed to
secure the sea lion.
LAWMAKERS AT HAP A.
Unit the Tountville Soldiers' Borne and
the State AnyUitn.
NAPA, Cal., Jan. 24.— The State legisla
tive committee on hospitals and asylums
on its junketing trip to-day visited the
Yountville Veterans' Home and the Napa
State Asylum lor the Insane. The com
mittee travels by special train. The Vet
erans' Home was first looked over, and
then the asvlura was visited. Here a ban
quet was in readiness, and when it nad
been partaken of the legislators were
driven to KiU3e's Canyon, the site of the
proposed new reservoir, which the asylum
trustees are asking an appropriation for.
in their annual report the trustees state
|'iai during the dry season the water sap
ply is inadequate, and therefore they ask
for an appropriation to build the reservoir
and dam, and buy land. It is also pro
posed to put an electric system, for which
water from the proposed dam will supply
the power. The appropriations wanted by
the asylum are $155,000 for these improve
ments, and $245,000 for maintenance, a to
tal of $400,000.
THE CO/I/TEST AT OLYMPIA.
Cline Likely to Show a Small Gain on
the F.rst Ballot lor Senator
To- Day.
OLYMPIA, Wash.. Jan. 24.— There may
be some developments in the Senatorial
contest to-morrow. Cline will probably
get two or three more votes, but he can
hardly be elected. Turner's strength re
mains the same. Mayor Belt of Spokane
and J. S. Baker and Thomas Carroll of
Tacoma are here to-night and will launch
booms to-morrow. What strength they
will show i^ unknown.
It is now learned that when F. R. Baker
withdrew and threw his strength to Cine
hs entered into an agreement with Cline
to the effect that if l line were elected he
(Baker) was to be Cline's secreary, and
Hie salaries would be divided — a sort of
joint-Senator affair.
Many supporters tor all parties arrived
to-night, and the tight during the second
week will be a warm one. Tue Turner
men, who need sixtpen more votes, are
anxious for caucus, while the Cline men,
wanting only six votes, are trying to pre
vent a caucus.
JtEAIH AT b.t>TA BARBARA.
Dr. Richard J. Bali /*a»»e« Away After
a Jtriff Illwi*.
SANTA BARBARA. Cal., Jan. 24.— Dr.
Richard J. Hail, a prominent physician
and surgeon of this city, died at his resi
dence at 10 o'clock this morning after a
short illness. Dr. Hall was born in
Armagh, Ireland, and c&me to America
when a boy with his parents, who settled
in New York. There he was educated. He
came to Santa Barbara seven years ago for
his health, which had been impaired by
overwork while surgeon at Bellevue Hos
pital. After his recovery he followed his
profession here. Dr. Hall was one of a
prominent family. His father is a Pres
byterian minister in New York City. His
brother, Toomas Hail, occupies a pulpit
in Chicago; another brother is a leading
chemist in New York, and a sister id this
city has won literary fame. He leaves a
widow and two children. The doctor was
41 years old.
BAX JOSE'S BULB SHOW.
Abundance of JFlotrer* Promised for the
Exhibit.
SAN JOSE. Cal., Jan. 25.— The bulb
show of the Santa Clara County Floral
Society will be held at Turn Verein Hall
on February 18, 19 and 20. The condition
of the bulbs under cultivation for the ex
hibit are such as to insure a fine display.
An abundance of fine hyacinths and other j
flowers will also be available at the time.
The hall will be handsomely decorated
and the designs will be novel and of beau
tiful effect.
Mrs. T. F. Thompson will have charge
of the reception-room of the Floral So
ciety at the hall during the show. She
will be assisted by Mrs. Sykei, Mrs. Muel
ler and Miss Halsey. Miss Celine Delxnas
will have charge of the lemonade booth,
and under the direction of Mrs. R. R.
Syer elegant lunches will be served.
J'ro/e.«»or lloetlic to Oo Ennt.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 24 — Professor A.
C. Boetbe, head of the science department
of the University of the Pacific, has been
engaged by the Normal School of Free
port, 111., to conduct a summer school of
science ther« during June and July. Pro
fessor and Mrs. Boethe will Jeave for the
Eist after the close of the university in
the latter part of May, but will return for
the opening of the fall semester in Au
gust.
Tale liesident Ruried A lire.
VALE, Or., Jan. 24.— The body of old
Henry Willy, who was buried near here
seven years ago, was exhumed and re
moved to the Vale cemetery last Friday,
because the grave he occupied was on the
premises where M. G. Hope's new sionc
residence now standt. The coffin was in
afair.nateof preservation and was quite
easily handled, but when it was opened it
was found tbat the body was lying upon
the left arm, which was doubled under
neath it. This could not have been occa
sioned by the moving, which was done so
carefully that the shroud, which had be
come a powder that could be blown away,
was not disturbed. It is believed Willy
was buried alive.
Stouter*-/* Flth Shipment*.
MONTEREY, Cal., Jan. -Ji.—The ship
ments of fish from this place to the various
markets in and about San Francisco con
tinue to increase. Yesterday 5045 pounds
of mackerel alone was shipped, as well as
larte quantities of other iish. Some not
able catches of salmon are reported, and
the local fishermen anticipate a large
business in this line during the coming
week.
Sudden I ' rath, at Oroville.
OROVILLE, Cal, Jan. 24. -N. BorwicJc,
a wealthy manufacturer of England, who
has been here for several weeks looking
after large mining inteiests of an English
syndicate, died at Banner mine this
mornlne from a stroke of apoplexy. His
body will probably be shipped to London.
J'ailure at Fetloii.
SANTA CRUZ. Cal., Jan. 24— W. B.
Drew of Felton has petitioned the Supe
rior Court to be drcla<» i an insolvent
debtor in the sum of $1263. T ere are no
assets.
TO CtKE A COLJ I-> ONE DAY.
gake laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All drug
gibiß refund the money it it tails to cure. 25c
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 25, 1897.
NATURE'S GIFT
TO SAN DIEGO
Finest Harbor on the Coast
South of the Golden
Gate.
Natural Port of Entry for the
Commerce of the Entire
Southwest.
Human Ingenuity Adding Improve
ments for the Accommodation
of Shipping.
SAN DIEGO, Cal , Jan. 23.— The pilot
chart of the North Pacific Ocean for
December, 1896, published by the Bureau
of Navigation at Washington, indicates
in a striking manner the very important
position occupied by the port of San
Diego, its proximity to the great circle
routes from China and Japan to Salinas
Cruz, the Pacific terminus of the Tehuan
tepec Railway, that the republic of
Mexico is doing so much to develop, and
from which in a few years' time a large
trade will radiate.
The stearasnip route from Yokohama to
Brito, the Pacific terminus of the Nica
ragua Canal, passes within 116 miles of
San Diego — six or eight hours' steaming.
From the topof Point Loma, the stretch
of land that so safely shelters the bay of
San Diego, could be seen the smoke of
steain«rs bound from Brito to Hongkong
passing along the great circle route but
thirty-four miles away.
The nearest safe harbor to the north is
San Francisco, 482 miles distant. There
is no shelterin: cove to the south in
United States territory. San Quintin, in
Mexico, is the nearest harbor in that
direction.
What New Orlens is to the commerce of
the Gulf States so must San Dieeo be to
the southwest portion of our great coun
try.
For a time one western port controlled
all the trade of the Pacific, but as the re
sources of Oregon and Washington were
developed the facilities offered by Port
land, Seattle and Taconia were quickly
taken advantage of.
The growth of the Southwest was slower.
Many obstacles had to be overcome. Rail
roads had to be constructed through a
sparsely inhabited territory; dams
had to be built to impound the floods of
winter; miles of canals were excavated to
fertilize desert wastes; but the develop
ment, though somewaat retarded for a
time, is now making rapid strides; the
agricultural and mineral wealth of this
region is attracting a large population; it
is the Mecca of homeseekers to-day.
The natural port of entry for this vast
territory is San Diego. Situated iv lati
tude 32 deg. 40 mm. north, longitude 117
deg. 10 mm. west, there is very little of the
fog tdat at times proves so troublesome
farther north. An examination of the
records of the United States Sipnal Ser
vice for twenty year* past shows that at
San Diego there was on an average but
twelve ioggy days throughout each year
or about 3>£ per cent. Very seldom has
the wind attained a greater velocity than
thirty miles per hour. The average
velocity covering a number of years, as
shown by tho official records, is but 5%
miles per hour, and inasmuch as the har
bor is completely landlocked there is little
sea in the bay with the heaviest of winus.
Anchorage is safe in any part of the ship
channel.
The depth of water at the wide and safe
entrance to the Silver Gate at low tide is
22}£ feet and at high tide over 28 feet.
San Francisco at low tide has 243^ feet,
Columbia River for Portland 21 % feet. Bos
ton bas only 18 feet, ana New'Yors but
23V-3 feet.
'me bottom is uniformly good; no rocks
have been discovered in the bay or ap
proaches; tnere is much less swell on the
bar than on any other bar along the Pa
cific Coast, and there are no treacherous
currents to beach your vessel as you en
ter. Soundings in the channel entrance
to the harbor, as shown on the charts
issued by the United States Hydrographic
Office, note the presenca of only saud and
mud, which can be readily removed. No
rocky barrier exists that will have to be
mined and blasted out.
Tne fourth appropriation of $50,000
being available, contracts have been let
and work is again about to tie resumed on
the jetty, which is beiug built seaward
from the sanuspit south of the entrance to
the bay. The purpose of this work is to
concentrate the tide in one channel across
the outer bar and thui scour and per
manently deepen the cuannel.
The good results following this plan to
bridle the tides were w*ll illustrated at
Greytown, the Atlantic entrance to the
Nicaragua canal. The bay in front of the
town was formerly entered by quite large
craft, but a gradual drifting of the coast
and river silt closed ud the entrance en
lirely. For^ convenience in handling
freight the Nicaragua Canal Construction
Company deemed it advisable to imme
diately undertake the construction of a
jeity, hoping tlius to scour out the chan
nel. Scarcely 500 feet of this work had
been completed before a beneficial effect
was noticed and by the time the break
watej b,ad been extended 1200 feet tiie
swiri of the tide had been deflected and a
new channel opened up allowing the coast
ers to enter without difficulty.
A similar piece oi work on the Columbia
River increased the depih of the bar from
eighteen to thirty feet, and there is every
reason to suppose that the result will be
just as effective at San Diego giving a
depth over the bar at lowest tide greater
than will be needed for the passage of the
largest ships afloat.
Up to the present nothing has been
done toward foriifying the harbor, but on
November 29, 1896, a bid was accepted for
the construction of emplacements lor ten
inch gun batteries at Balla«t Point, in
volving an expenditure of $170,000 princi
pally for labor, work to commence forth
with. The plan of harbor defense, as de
cided upon at Washington, includes
mortar batteries on the sand spit, south
of Hotel del Corotiado, whose range will
sweep the sea for miles, thus affording
ample protection to the city of San Diego
and the shipping in its harbor.
A flashlight at the extreme end of Point
Loma, built at a cost of $30,000. locates
the harbor entrance to the mariner when
miles away. Another light at Ballast
Point illuminates the entire channel.
Conveniently located near the entrance,
with a wharf running into deep water, is
the quarantine station, one of the most
complete in the United States, being
thoroughly equipped with a mo tern fumi
gating and disinfecting plant adequate to
all possible demands.
On the Coronado side of the bay is a
marine railway capable of accommodat
ing vessels of larjre tonnage.
Conveniently located near the water
front are well-equipped foundries and
machine-shops, fully prepared to do the
very best work quickly and at reasonable
figures.
The total area of the bay is about
twenty-two square miles, varying in
width, and about ten miles long, with a
ship channel from a half to three-fourths
of a mile wi le.
Over $500,000 has been spent on wharves,
ail of which run into deep water, with
from 18 to 35 feet at low tide. Some of
these wharves extend into the channel
from 2000 to 3500 feet. The longer ones
can readily accommodate from six to ten
of the largest vessels afloat. The wharf
age is ample for a large commerce and is
in first-class condition. Additional rail
way track < have recently been placed on
some of the wharves, piles have been re
newed ana strengthened, and everything
is in readiness to welcome the trade that
will soon seek this port. At present the
only outlet to the north and east by rail
is via the Santa Fe system. During the
past two years this company has been re
ducing grades, ballasting roadbed, re
placing wooden bridges with modern steel
structures; in fact gettina ready to handle
large consignments of freig t quickly and
cheaply. The saving in distance between
San Fedro or Santa Monica and Los An
geles ami San Diego and Los Angeles is
but trifling; handling and rehantlling
freight is what adds to the cost. The ad
vantages for receiving and discharging
merchandise ai all seasons of the year at
this port will more than compensate for
the difference in haul and must eventu
ally result in the entire shipping trade of
the great Southwest being handled at the
port of San Diego.
SHIPPING PUGET SOUND LUMBER.
Number of Vessels Chartered to Carry the
Outpu; to Sou.h America and
the Transvaal.
TACOMA, Wash., Jan. 24.— Foreign
lumber trade has taken a big spurt with
the beginning of 18^7. Shipments on a
large scale to South Africa, which were
cut off during the Transvaal troubles,
have been resumed. Several cargoes have
gone forward, and it is announced that
the British steamer Pelican, now en route
from Yokohama with tea, has been char
tered to load lumber here for South Africa.
The ship Senator, just off the drydock,
will begin loading this week for Deiagoa
Bay.
F. R. Lingbam, the South African
lumber king, started a lino of steam and
sailing vessels carrying lumber three
years ago ana in eighteen months shipped
about 40,000.000 feet from Puget Sound to
Deiagoa Bay. This line has been sus
pended, but Mr. Lingham is again corre
sponding with Pueet Sound mills with a
view of chartering more vessels. There is
also a stiff demand for lumber from the
Orient, Australia and South America. It
is reported 'hat Shanghai firms have
ordered 10.000,000 feet, most of which will
be cut at Port Blakeiey.
W. R. Grace & Co. of San Francisco
have six vessels chartered to load at
Whatcom for South America. Williams,
Brown & Co. and other San Francisco
lirmsare shipping to both Australia and
South America.
NORDICA SAYS FAREWELL
The Last Concert at the Baldwin
Theater Ends iD an
Ovation.
End of a Successful Season That Was
Gratifying to Artbis and Pub
lic Alike.
The curtain went down on the final
concert of the Nordica-Scalchi season last
night, amid what was a perfect outburst
of enthusiasm for the usually calm and
self-contained Baldwin audience. People
9tood up and cried *'brava," and beat
their hands together until the curtain was
raised again and the San Francisco public
was given its final admiring look for some
time to come, at the two gifted divas ana
Dempsey, Berthald and Lucks tone, who
have all been giving music lovers so much
pleasure for the last week.
It was the well-known quartet from
"Rigcletto :> that brought the concert to a
close. The programme was made up for
the most part of numbers that had grown
to be popularly as-o iated with the vari
ous singers during last week, but there
were a few new pieces, and the quartet
was one of them.
As an encore to Erkel's "Hungarian
Aria" Mme. Nordica sang "Une Nuit de
Mai," which she had not given before this
season.
It is a song much affected by ambitious
amateurs, and the artistic way in which
Nordica sang it was hailed with such dem
! onstrations df satisfaction that she could
! not resist another encore, and gave them
the little song that has become so popul.ir
since she revived it last Tuesday, "When
Lcve Is Kind." She also sang for the
rirst time the Bach-Gounod, "Aye Maria."
the violin obligato being played by
August Hinrichs.
Both times that Scalchi sang there was
an almost frantic desire on the part of
the audience to get her to respond with
"Annie Laurie." Her first aria was per
mitted to pass with a little encore 'by
Gounod, which she had sung before, but
when her second encore came there was
an anxious moment as Isidore Luckstone
struck some chords that were not the pre
lude of "Annie Laurie" ; then the audience
recognized the familiar brindisi of Orsino
from "Lucrezia Borgia," "II segreto per
esseT felice," and there was an outburst of
applause.
Scalchi sang the dashing drinking song
in the true rollicking spirit, and won the
applause she merited, but she was not to
be let off without "Annie Laurie," so
yielding to her fate she came on again and
sang it.
Barron Berthald sang a catchy little
son^ by Luckstone, "The Clown's Sere
nade," and Hawley's "Because I Love
You," and J. C. Dempsey gave the beau
tiful "Don Juan" serenade by Tschaikow
skv. Both urtists were encored.
The concerted operatic selections, both
of which aroused unlimited applause,
were the two from the last act of Gounod's
"Faust," Bung by Nordica, Berthald and
Dempsey, and the quartet from "Rigo
letto" mentioned above. The latter num
ber brought the concept to a close amid an
ovation which must have been very grat
ifying to the artists, for applause from a
lull house on the last nigtit of a S3*son
shows that the singers are not living on
their reputations, but have co.quered the
public.
There will unfortunately bd no more
farewell concerts, as the Nordica-Scalchi
troupe will leavs to-day for Sacramenlo,
en route for the East.
REOPENING DAY
AT INGLESIDE
The Local Track Furnishes
a Fine Card of
Events.
Three Lqng- Distance Races and j
a Like Number of
Sprints.
The Crack Miler Buckwa to Face the
Barrier— Preston Falls Into a
i Soft Place.
________
Ingleside track reopens to-day. During
the past two weeks' spell of racing at
Oakland the talent has received many
hard knocks. Odda-on choices have
showed out flatteringly in front only to be
swallowed up by the field behind and fin
ishing — unplaced. To be sure racing is an
uncertain game, but to explain away the
many eccentricities of the sport across the
bay would require volumes.
To-day the scene of racing operations
will shift to the local track at Ingleside,
where horses backed by the public have
met with such uniform success. The pro- '
gramme of events includes all of the
different distances, furnishing a card that
is sure to please race-goers.
The list of entries is as follows:
First race, one and a sixteenth miles, sell
ing—37B Collins 104, 434 YVarrajro 102. 362
Vera:<ua 106, 347 Governor Budd 99, 356 Car
rie U 97, 319 Hazard 106, 399 Examiner 104,
220 Dungarven 107, 316 The Bachelor 99, 220
Instigator 102. /
Second race, seven-eighths of a mi'.e, sell
ing—433 Roadrunner 112, 421 Marionette
117, 353 Castanette 104, 404 Minnie Ccc 107,
358 Joe X 112,433 Scimitar 109, 325 Tenacity
109, 404 Jack Richelieu 112.
Third race, one mile, purse— Lincoln II
100. (400) Buckwa 111, 359 Captive 110, 368
Greynurst 97, 389 imp. bain 100, 418 Wheel of
Fortune 109.
Fourth race, one and a sixteenth miles,
hurdle— 4l9 Brilliant 132, 438 Broadbillow
132, 316 Tne Bachelor 132, 438 Tuxedo 132,
347 Maio Diablo 135, 331 Gallant 132, 419
imp. Autonomy 132.
Fifth race, three-quarters of a mile, selling—
Duillo 99, Geronimo 96. (363) Doubtful 96,
432 Kowalsky 99, 348 Captain Skedance 99,
204 Oissie B 96. 414 Boreas 102, 410 Banjo !
99, (364) Mobalaska 94, Mosier 96, 415 Allaha- i
bad 99, 387 Last Chance 99.
Sixth race, three-quarters of a mile, selling— !
413 Preston 109, 432 San Marco 99, 426 Peril i
97. 420 Major Cook 99, (367) Yemen 101. 361
Sport McAllister 108, (73) Caliente 99, Pexiotto
102.
Judge Joseph J. Burke calls attention
to the fact that entry blanks for Morris
Park and Washington can be obtained
from him at Ingleside during the next
few days. The Saratoga stakes will close
to-day, and the presiding judge at Emery
ville states that he will cheerfully "furnish
information to horsemen concerning same.
SKIiKCTIO'S FOxy TO-DAY.
First race— Collins, Hazard, Carrie U.
Second race — Tenacity, Scimitar, Mar
ionette.
Third race— Buckwa, Captive, Wheel
of Fortune.
Fourth race— No selections.
Fifth race— Slobalaska, Clissie B,
Kowalsky. '■■':'"
sixth race— Preston, Sport McAllister, j
Major Cook. j
KEW TO-DAT.
**********************
*^#********V**********
S Ghirardelli's Ground +*
** Chocolate is the so- ■'■¥¥■
*|| lution of an econom- **
¥¥ ical problem; not a **
** powdered prepara- **
** tion whose strength **
?|J is fleeting, but in it **
♦*» **
** 9~l>
THE GOOD
of Chocolate
IS GROUND
¥¥ ¥¥
¥¥ ¥¥
yv into a form more r9
¥¥ convenient than the **
¥¥ **
vv ordinary cakes, and vv
** preserving perfectly ¥¥
vv " the aroma and essen- 9 v
** tial oil. iVlade here. **
9 ii Fresh and pure. * 79 i
5 J 30c. a Ib. All Grocers. J J
8»*. ■ . /- .. **
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
4***44***************4
OOSIVIOJPOIjITiJLKr.
flppositn U. S. Mint, 100 and 102 Fifth St., H»»
Francisco, Cai. —The most select family hotel la
the city. Board and room $1, 91 25 and $1 60 pet
day, according to room. Meals 25c. Booms 50a
and 75c a day. Free coach to and from the hoiel.
loo* for the coach bearing the name of the Oo»
BoboUUb HOML WM. JfAiLKK. Piojwitw*
SIGNATURE £o^g>
°^^ printed in y
BLUE, diagonally ITS^n^
across the OUTSIDE wrapper of every bottle of
The Original and Genuine WORCESTERSHIRE, as a further pro-
' tection against all imitations.
Agents for the United State., JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS , N. Y.
NEW TO-DAY.
MUNWS
HEADACHE
CURE
Cures Headaches of All Kinds in
Three Minutes.
One or two doses will stop Sick Head-
ache, Neuralgia, Headaches from Indiges-
tion, Nervousness, Overwork, Colds, In-
temperance, Constipation. Railroad or
Ocean Travel, Habitual Headache, Head-
aches of Children, and, in fact, all forms
of Headaches.
Those who suffer from headache from
I late suppers or immoderate eating or
drinking will find in these tablets imme-
diate relief, and a grateful tonic to the
; overworked stomach and jaded nerves.
A separate cure for each disease. At all
druggists, mostly 25c a viaL .
Personal letters to Prof. Munyon, 1503
Arch street, _*hiladelrjhia, Pa., answered
with free medical advice for any disease.
CAUTION TO TUB PEOPLE OF THE
STATE OF CALIFORNIA: Many un-
scrupulous drug cutter*, who, bavin;
forced the selling price of JIUNYOS'S
REMEDIES to co-it, ami, therefore, not
desiring to sell them, will tell you that
these remedies "are not good, and will
j try to persuade you to take some other
J preparation, which they will recom-
mend a* being better. Such men am
not deserving; of your confidence or
patronage. Therefore do not be de-
ceived by them, but INSIST upon get-
ting VUN YON VS.
DR. COOK CUBES
/■/i^^il^^ Nervousness,
'01$$' \ . Vital Losses,
'aI/'' 1 . f^-v \| Lost Manhood,
%'^J j^K% Stricture,
■ J^M!^m^S Blood Taints »
iir^f^V Varicocele,
J^TOs^^Jw! Hydrocelc<
DOCTOR COOK is also an expert
or. Female Complaints, Piles, Rupture,
Rheumatism. Catarrh, Blood and Skin
Diseases, and Diseases of the Eye, Ear,
Brain, .Nose, Throat. Heart, Lungs. Liver,
Stomach, Kidneys, Bladder and Urinary
Organs.
Electricity. Doctor Cook has one
of the finest and most complete combina-
tions of electrical devices in the world,
and administers electricity in conjunction
with medicines in all cases where benefi-
cial result* may be thereby obtained.
flail Treatment always satisfac-
tory — therefore write if you cannot call.
FREE BOOK on men's diseases to all de-
scribing their troubles. Office hours: 9to
12 a. M. and 2to 5 and 7toBp. m. Sundays
10 to 12 a. m. only. Address
DOCTOR rfWlli 865 Market SL,
U \J\j 1 UXi \j\J\J J/L San Francisco, C«l.
I"
I lOTICE lUIIHG SEALED PROPOSALS
For the Purpose of Sale of Bonds of
the City of San Jose.
I rTHK MAYOR AND COMMON COUNCIL. OF
I JL the City of San Jose, having by ordinance en-
i titled "An ordinance providing for the issuance
, and sale of bonds of the City of ban Jose," etc.,
I passed ou tne 21st day of December, 1896, and
I approved on the '-3d day of December, 1898,
' ordained that, there shou'.d be Issued by said city
i of San Jose six hundred high school building
j bonds, of the denomination of (1*25 each, and four
[ hundred sewer bonds of the denomination of 8100
. each, both classes of bonds to bear Interest at th«
I rate of -.Va i.er cent Der annum, payable semi-
■ annually, and also by said ordinance authorized
! mid directed the City Cleric of said city to give
: notice Inviting proposals for the sale of said bonds,
! now therefore
Public notice Is hereby given that the City of San
Jose intends to issue one thousand bonds aforesaid,
anti that seated proposals will be received at th»
office of said City Clerk, at the City Hal. In San
Jose, California, until me hour of eight o'c'oc*
F. M.. on the eighth day of February, 1897 (at
which time, or as soon thereafter as said Mayor
and Common Council shall duly convene, said bids
will be opened), for the purchase of the whole or
I any part of said high school building and sewer
| bonds, or either thereof. Said bonds are to bear
(Sate June 1, 1897. ana the interest thereon to tw
i paid seml-anuually on the first day i f December
and the first day of June of each year thereafter,
both principal and Interest payable in gold coin or
lawful money of the United States
Said high school building bonds shall be num-
bered consecutively from one to six hundred, both
Inclusive, and be divided into forty aeries, num-
bered consecnlivel/ irom one to lorty, both in-
clusive, each series consisting of fifteen bond*;
the first series is to Include those bonds which are
numbered from one to fifteen, both inclusive, and
[ each succeeding series is to include the fifteen
bonds numbered consecutively after those in-
cluded in the next preceding series
Said sewer bunds sbail De numbered consecu-
tively from ona to four hundred, lv.li inclusive,
and b' divided into, forty series numbered ou-
secutively from one to forty, both inclusive, each
series consisting of ten bonds; the first series is to
Include those bonds which are numbered from
one to ten, both inclusive, and each succeeding
series is to include, the ten bonds numbered con-
secutively after those Included In the next pre-
ceding series-
The first series of said high school building
tionos and said sewer boon's shall be made payable
on the first day of June, I*9B. and one of the re-
ical.iing series is to be made payable on the first
day of June In each succeeding ca endar rear
ther.-iif.er. until and including the ye»r 1937.
i Sttid bonds are to be made payable to in- order of
I the purchaser or payee byname, and to each of
saii bonds there to be attached interest- bearing
i coupons, double In number in the number of years
whlcn such bond has to run before its maturity.
Proposals must state the price offered, the descrip-
tion of the boodi desired, and be accompanied by
a certified check on some responsible buuk. pay-
able to the order of the Mayor of said City, for at
least ten per cent of the amount bid, said checic to
be returned to bidder In case the bid is not ac-
cepted. The purchase money for said bonds shall
be paid in gold coin of the United Mates within
ninety days after notice of acceptance. The right
to accept any or all bids and to reject any or all
bids, or portions of bids, is hereby expressly re-
served. J. W. COOK, City Cierk.
Dated January 3d, 1887.
56
MONDAY JANUARY 25, 1897
CHARLES M. SMORTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Fre«:
Pally and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier. .SO.IB
Dally and Sunday Call, one year, by mall — 6.00
Pally and Sunday Call, six months, t>v- mall.. S.OO
Dally and Sunday Call, three months by mail 1.50
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mull.. .65
Suaday Call, one year, by mail I'M)
IEXI.V Call, one year, by mall 1.68
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone Main-IBM
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay Street.
Tel«ph«B« Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
• 627 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
9.30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
until 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
187 Ninth street; open until 9 o'clock.
1305 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
608 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Poomi 31 and 82, 34 Park Bow, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Eastern Manager.
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
It is reported that Olney will find a fine
law practice awaiting him in Boston, and
the country, of course, will be willing for
him to stay with it.
As it is now said that William Waldorf
Astor has the gout it would seem his
claims to be considered a British aristo
crat can no longer be disputed.
Olney has publicly congratulated Sher
man on his coming succession to the State
Department, and on the sly he is perhaps
congratulating himself on getting out.
Senator Hill says be wishes no political
obituary, which is not only equivalent to
saying he doesn't believe he is dead, but is
fairly good proof that he is live enough to
kick.
Whether the Legislature 13 to make the
session as a whole long or short is doubt
ful, but it is cutting the daily sessions in
both houses short enough to serve for
plug cut.
It is said that over 25 per cent of the
registered voters of Connecticut are bi
cyclers, but this is not the only reason of
the power of the machine in politics in
that State.
Sam Jones says he never in all his life
saw a place where sin is so respectable as
it is in Boston, and now Boston is in doubt
whether to regard tne saying as a compli
ment or a siur.
A Judge in Maine has declared the law
of that State does not recognize hypno
tism, ana now it is a question for a debat
ing society whether Maine is ahead of the
time or behind it.
Two years ago the Legislatures all over
the Union were fighting the theater hat
and now they are fighting/ the trusts.
Anything goes that promises to give the
world a show for its money.
Victoria has reigned for sixty years, but
she is so much younger than Gladstone
that she is afraid to abdicate less some one
should cite the case as an evidence tnat
woman is not the equal of man.
It is now said that it cost Richard
Croker nearly $1,000,000 to race his Lorses
in .England and get acquainted witn roy
alty, so it seems that while Wales may
have become common in some things he
still keeps up the price.
The new rule of -the State Department
forbidding our Em bassadors abroad from
making speeches on questions that divide
political parties at home is being generally
commended, but the friends of Bayard go
right along saying nothing.
It is prosposed in England to make the
celebration of the sixtieth year of the
Queen's reign a season of gifts to the poor
and of providing parks for small towns
and villages so the people will have good
reason to enjoy the occasion.
The city assessor of New Haven has
raised the assessment of Yale for taxation
purposes from less than $60,000 to more
than $400,000. As a consequence culture
and the Yale spirit have taken the war
path and a lawsuit is threatened.
The Chicago Health Commissioners have
declared the water supply of that city to
be unfit for children to drink and have
shut it off from the public schools, but as
the children will have to drink it at home
it is hard to see where the benefit comes in.
Some prying investigator has discovered
that the uniform of a colonel on the Gov
ernor's staff costs $100 in Massachusetts
and twice as much in Vermont, and now
there is a hubbub in the far East that
would stifle the noise of any racket Kan
sas ever made.
One of the notable features of the expo
sition to be held in Turin next year is to
be an exhibition of the rise and progress
of comic art, and if admission is permit
ted to the comic weeklies of this country
the exposition can be made to include the
decline and fall as well.
As a resuit of the construction of large
ocean steamers, it has been found neces
sary to dredge the Thames to allow their
entrance to the docks at London. By and
by ships may be so big that they will have
to do their docking on the ocean beach,
and any town inside a harbor will be out
side the channels of trade.
Since Governor Leedy of Kansas replied
to Eastern attacks on his iState by saying
Kansas has room enough in her s-chools
for all her children while the rich Eastern
cities have not, the cultured critics have
dropped the subject of education and re
turned to tbeir solemn and serious dis
courses on Western whiskers.
In default of any industry at which con
victs can be kept busy under the present
law, New York officials are discussing
the advisability of putting them through
a military drill every day. The move
ment it will be seen has the possibility of
proceeding so far eventually as to turn
every penitentiary into a West Point.
Among the measures before the Kansas
Legislature is one to dissolve the organiza
tion of several counties in the western
part of the State. The claim is made that
the counties were organized prematurely
as some of them have less than 2000 inhab
itants and are not able to support tbeir
governments. It is evident the West
Kansas boom which came up like the
grass has skipped out like the grasshop
per.
THE NICARAGUA CANAL
The extraordinary letter from Senor
Rodriguez, Minister of the Greater Re
public of Central America, wh eh was
read in the Senate on Friday, seems to
oppose an effectual bar to the passage of
the Nicaragua canal bill at this session of
Congress. The bar may be eventually
overcome, but it will require diplomacy
to do it, and the success oi the measure
therefore is now dependent not so much
upon Congress as upon the incoming ad
ministration.
In his letter Senor Rodriguez calls at
tention to the fact that the contract made
between the Nicaraguan republic and the
canal company stipulates that. the con
cession shall not be transferable to any
foreign power, and as he goes on to say
tne bill now be ore Congress .effectually
makes the Government of the United
States the virtual controller of the canal.
Therefore the contract would be violated
if the canal company should accept the
terms of the proposed bill, and the Greater
Republic of Central America would not
consent to the construction cf the work.
Other points are made by the Minister,
but they are of less importance. The ono
which is vital to the project is the one we
have stated. Tne United States is not
likely to grant a large subsidy to the canal
or to guarantee the bonds of the company
unless it is well assured that it will have a
virtual control over the canal both as a
commercial enterprise and for purposes of
war. We cannot undertake to build a
canal that is to be left in cbarge of a power
so weak a- Nicaragua, and so unstable as
the Greater RepuDlic. The Nicaraguans
could not defend the ca-nal for a single
day against a British force in case of war,
and the newly formed Greater Republic of
Central America may vanish from the
face of the earth before the close of this
year.
It can be well understood that the read
ing of the letter caused a marked sensa
tion in the Senate and was a heavy blow
to the advocates of the bill. Senator Mor
gan, with his usual vehemence, declared
the letter to be an insult to the Govern
ment. "With this threat flouted in our
faces," he said, "the Uniled S.ates Senate
might as well surrender its functions, so
far as dealing with foreign nations is con
cerned.'' He suggested that Great Britain
or some other foreign power hostile to
American supremacy in the isthmus
might nave prompted the Greater Repub
lic in interposing to prevent the action of
the United States.
These assertions, however true they
may be,, can have no effect upon the bill
as it siands to-day. The refusal of the
Greater Republic to admit a canal under
American control closes the subject for
the present. It does not, however, finally
determine the issue. The construction of
a canal across the isthmus is necessary
to the commercial prosperity of tfce
United States, and it will be the duty of
the incoming administration to provide a
means whereby it may be accomplished.
AN UNfAIR PROVISION-
The bill introduced into the State Sen
ate to regulate and govern the operation
of the rock-crushinc plant at Folsom and
to provide for the sale of crushed rock
contains a provision which, on the face of
it at least, seems to be altogether unfair to
the quarrymen of the State and should
have a thorough investigation before it is
adopted.
The provision in question occurs in sec
tion 4 and reads thus: "The sale price of
all crusned rock sold for other than high
way purposes shall be the cost of produc
tion with 20 per centum added, delivered
on board cars or other vehicles of trans
portation at the rock-crushing plant, pro
vided that no crushed rock shall be sold
for other than highway purposes for a less
price than 30 cents a ton."
It will be seen that this fixed price for
the sale of rock at Folsom is liable to work
a grave injustice to the rock-quarrying
indusiry of the State. It must be borne
in mind thav the piant at Folsom is pro
vided by taxation upon the people; that
all its machinery and repairs are paid for
by such taxation, that the labor em ployed
is that of convicts, and as a consequence
the cost of production cannot be great. If,
therefore, trie sale of it is to be fixed at a
20 per cent advance upon that production
it will in all probability ba far below any
possible competition by free labor.
Public opinion has long been adverse to
any competition of this kind between the
State and its people. It is expedient to
promote the industry of free men rather
than to crush it out by the power of the
State. It would seem that abundant work
could be furnished to the convicts at Fol
som in providing crushed rock for our
rural highways without setting them to
the task of competing frith the quarry
men who furnish rock for general bu'.ld
ing purposes, and if so it would be belter
to confine convict labor mainly to that
work.
, Jn the present demand for improved
highways a large amount of crushed rock
■will be needed iv all parts of the State,
and more will be required than Folnoni
can probably furnish. If rock for other
purposes than those of the State and the
counties is to be produced at Folsorn and
sold in the general market at all it should
not be sold at a rate unfair to free labor.
This clause of the proposed act, we re
peat, should be thoroughly investigated,
and if it is found to be in reality as unfair
as it appears on the face it should be
stridden out or else the whole bill should
be rejected.
CHANGES IN BANKING LAWS.
Among the most interesting and im
portant subjects to be discussed and acted
upon in the near future by Congress is
reform in the National banking laws. It
is improbable that any sweeping changes
will, for the present, be more than dis
cussed ; but it is almost certain that
changes small in form though possibly
large in their benefit to the public will be
promptly made.
Among the proposed measures of im
provement is the provision for tne organi
zation of banks with a capital of not less
than $-0,000 in small towns of not more
than 4UOO peoDle. This it is believed will
prove of advantage to the Western and
Southern States in many places where
banks at present are scarce by reason of
lack of capital to get together the $50,000
necessary for a National bank by the old
law.
Another proposal is to permit National
banks to increase their circulation to an
amount equal to the par value of tbeir
bonds deposited in the United (States
treasury to secure circulation. There
would be no dancer in this, for the bonds
are selling in the market for a premium,
and the note-holder has an additional
security by a first lien on the assets of the
bank. The reform would save banks from
Being compelled to tie up 10 per cent of
their capital by the restriction which
limits their notes to 90 per cent of the
bonds they deposit.
A more radical suggestion is that banks
siiouJd be perm tied to issue notes based
upon their reserve or assets and limited to
such proportion of the same as is found
reasonable by the statistics of failures.
To make this plan secure tue banks
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 25, 1897.
throughout the country wi'l be required
to pay a tax of 2 per cent on such note
issues to a fixed amount, the tax to be in
creased by a rapidly ascending scale for
additional issues up to a maximum of safe
circulation. The tax is to be held by the
Government to redeem the notes of such
banks as fail. The graduated tax, of
course, would have a tendency to make
currency flexible, as it would automati
cally force it in or out of circulation in
accordance with the urgency of business
demands.
One of the main defects of our present
currency system is its lack of elasticity.
Secretary of the Treasury Windom said
in his report for 1890 that our crops bad
grown to such enormous proportions that
their movement to market in August and
SeDtember annually caused a dangerous
absorption of money. It is to remedy
this defect the graduated tax plan is pro
posed. It is favored by many of the most
experienced bankers of the country and
will have strong support in Congress
The more sweeping changes proposed,
such as the so-called "withdrawal of the
Government from the banking business"
and the retirement of all United States
notes, will have lit ie chance of success at
present. The people are well satisfied with
the working of our system of greenbacks,
and the issue of tneir retirement will have
to be fought out at the polls before Con
gress would think of venturing upon it.
BENEFITS OF FORESTS.
Some years a^o it was a common belief
that forests were valuable on account of
the influence which they had on the rain
fall of the region where they grew. Those
who meld the belief supposed it had a
scientific basis, and regarded those who
did not agree to it as ignorant and unread.
The belief no longer finds universal favor,
and has been attacked by the reasoning
and observation of scientific men. The
assaults upon this time-honored notion,
however, do not alter the fact that forests
are of great value in other ways besides
their commonly understood utilities of
lumber and firewood.
At the recent meeting of the State hort
icultural Society of lowa Professor J. It.
Sage read a paper, in which he explained
the scientific conceptions of the great
value of forests to the country generally
aside from their worth for timber and fuel.
The professor is chief of the lowa Weather
and Crop Service, and he has a high repu
tation that gives his paper more than
ordinary value. After showing the fallacy
of the long prevalent notion that forests
affected rainfall, the professor stated that
the converse of this idea was undoubtedly
true. North America is the best watered
of all the continents, and tnis is the cause
of the immense forests with which the first
settlers found it covered. This entire
country, he says, never has been and never
can be stricken by general drouth and
famine. There never will be a season
when the United States will fail to produce
sufficient food for all the people.
The professor's first statement was in
teresting and the second was consoling,
but the most important point of his paper
was- the instruction to prenerve the rem
nants 01 forests that are left with religious
care and to continue to plant trees per
sistently. .Forests, ha explains, while they
do not bring down the rain are yet great
conservators of water whan it does fall.
They cause an even distribution of the
flows, thus preventing the drying up of
wells, springs and streams and checking
injurious floods. Groves of trees, more
over, form shelter belts which mitigate
dry, hot winds and prevent rapid evupo
ration.
Professor Sage concurs with the opinion
that if a hftn of th ? land was devoted to
timber we could grow more crops on the
remaining four-fifths and prophesies that
in the coming era or intensive farming
forests and woodlands will be important
factors.
The lesson emphasized by this learned
student of conditions in lowa is not new,
but it is one which will bear considerable
iteration. The tern ptation to recklessly de
stroy forest growth, as well as the oppor
tunity to plant trees, are always with us,
and reminders of the folly of yielding to
the first and the wisdom of being betimes
in the use of the latter should be kept con
stantly before the people. lowa has to be
educated up to. the planting of forests.
California has only to learn to preserve
those which nature has eiv^n her.
COAST EXCHANGES.
San Joaquin Valley farmers are embarking
in the tobacco-growing industry. Here is one
result of an experiment, as reported by the
Stockton Independent: Stark Bmith, who re
sides about six miies east of Stockton on tne
Milton road, was in the city a few days since,
showing to some of his friends a sample bun
dle of tobacco raised on his place this fall. It
was of excellent tissue, good color and pleas
ing aroma. Mr. Smith said that he had planted
it as an experiment, but from what he had
learned he saw no reason why the plant could
not be grown profitably In the county.
"This was planted last July and it had at
tained the present size of leaf before fall. It
should have been planted in Murch, and would
not only have grown to a larger size but we
would have been able to cure it in the warm
wather, which would be much better for the
leaf. The tobacco should have been given a
natural sweat, but we did not havo enough of
it and so had to roll it up in a damp cloth and
Eweat it before the fire this winter. This par
ticular plant was raised from Havana seed and
lias dona well. I have an idea that an attempt
on a larger scale would prove fully as success
ful, and next summer I will possibly make it.
I am 'not particular about having the whole
honor, and wish that others would make the
attempt at the same time."
The people of Porterviile have a go-ahead
way about them that is bound to win in the
long run. They are determined to make the
best ol their climatic advantages, and soon
we shall have fresh winter tomatoes from
there. Bay« the Porterville Enterprise: "The
experiment of Phil M. Bair, G.T.Frost and
\V. Wood to grow tomatoes for the winter
markets has turned out successfully, and pick
ing and packing has now commenced at fcx
eter n on G. T. Frost's land, where a few months
ago thirty acres were planted out. It was at
first thought that in the event of any trost the
vines, which are very tender, would be killed;
but the spot chosen has proven itself free from
fro«t. Tne first carloads will be shipped to
Los Angeles and San Francisco. There are a
few small favored localities in the State where
tomatoes can be grown in winter, but no* in
such large quantities as in Tulare County. The
experiment proves that eventually carloads of
winter vegetables will be shipped from here,
as there are thousands of acres suitably situ
ated for winter vegetable growing, and the
E&stera markets will be enabled to supply the
trade, whereas before it has been very difficult
to obtain a variety of vegetables."
A change has taken place in the editorship
of the Pacific Ensign, the official organ of the
W. C. T. U. Mrs. Ada H. Van Pelt has re
signed, after having for six years ably con
ducted the paper, and will enter the lecture
field, while Mrs. Nellie Blessinz Eyster, a
woman of much force and cleverness, will
succeed to the editorial chair of the Ensign.
R. H. Magill Jr. of Alameaa has purchased
the Pleasanton Times and will endeavor to
make it as live, bright and entertaining as
any Country paper in thn State.
The Yuma Sun gives details of an enterprise
of the utmost Importance to the Colorado
Valley dwellers, it being designed to irrigate
ty means of a gravity di:ch several thousand
acres of land adjoining Yuma. Tiie Sun say<:
"To any one who has not seen the lower por
tion of the valley, some fiiteea or twenty
miles from Yuma, a trip there would be in
teresting. Thousands of acres of land, almost
as level a3 need be for the application of
water and covered In many piaces by huge,
spreading me-;qui:e, not close together, but
giving the appearanca of a fine Eastern grove
of walnut or chestnut where the undergrowth
has been removed, or even of an od uncared
/or orchard of apple trees. There is but little
salt in the land. The soil appears to ba per
fect."
The special irrisatiou edition of the Escon
dido Advocate was a credit to the publishers
and to the town and should be productive of
much benefit to both. It describes the inland
metropolis of San "Diego County, its enter
prise and progress, and shows up the indus
tries of the country around it, with its citrus
and dt-ciduous iruits, dairying, farming, etc.
The Redlands Citrograpk has started out on
the latter half of its te;ith year, volume
20, to-day. Scipio Craig has done well with
the paper, whicu ranks h.gh among the in
terior journals. In making comparisons of
the Redlands of a decad.- igo with the Red
lauds of to-day the Citrograph says: "But
what a change in the town and surrounding
country I Then a two-horse stage made six
trips a week to San Bernardino; now nearly
thirty passenger trains on three roads enter
and leave the town daily. Then there were
but a few scattering orchards; now Redlands
will ship nearly 700 carloads oi oranges this
season, to say nothing of other fruits. Then
there were not enough children to make a
school district. In fact those interested in the
formation of the Redlands School District
were compelled to wait a short time for the
enlargement of the census by reason of the
expected arrival of a little stranger in one of
the principal families of the settlement; now
there are more than 1000, and they are housed
in five commodious and elegant buildings."
NEWS OF FOrEiGN NAVIES.
Brazil has sold to Jnpan the fine cruiser
Almirante Barroza, recently built at Els wick.
She is 3450 tons displacement, has a speed of
twenty knots and carries six 6-inch aud four
4.7-inch guns, all quick tirers.
A cruiser of 1300 tons displacement has
beeu built at Foochow. She will receive her
armament oi rapid-firing guns at Por. Arthur,
and is to be used as a schoolship for the pupils
oi the Chinese Naval Academy at Tientsin.
The keel of the Canopus, battleship of 12,950
tons, was laid at Portsmouth dockyard on
January 4. She and a sister.ship, Goliath, be
gun at about the same time at Chutham, are
to be carapieted in twenty months, and will
be launched during the present year.
A Russian cruiser called Swietland, the
third of that name in the Russian navy since
1854, has juit been launched at Havre. She
is 336 feet 8 inches by 43 feet 4 in beam and
3828 tons displacement. The horsepower is
8500, of which a spe.'d oi 20 knots is expected.
Italian naval estimates have been greatly
reduced of late years, and shipbuilding has
beeu practically suspended since 1891. The
expenditures nave been cut down from $24,
--800,000 to $18,600,000, and all hope oi exe
cuting the naval programme begun iv 1887
appears to be at tin end.
At the Newski shipbuilding establishment,
St. Petersburg, six torpedo-boats are to be
built during the present year. The boilers are
to be arranged to burn either coal or oil. The
stokers on boats burning oil have to wear
colored glasses to protect their eyes lrom the
intense glare of the burning fluid
Two torpedo-boats, Furor and Terror, have
just arrived In Spain from the yard of tne
builders, i. & G. Thomson, Glasgow. Tliey
are 220 feet by 22 feet and displace 380 tons.
Their speed exceeds twenty-eight knots and
their armament consists of two 14-poundera
and two 37-millimeter Hotchkiss guns.
The Naval Construction and Armements
Company's works at Barrow-in-Kurness has
been sold to Messrs. Vickers, Son & Co. at
Sheffield, and henceforth both establishments
will be worked in connection. The firm will
thus be able to build, engine, and equip ships
throughout, u^ing armor plates and guns of
their own cjns iruction.
The gunboat Presldente of San Domingo has
been refitted wiih new engines, and thor
oughly refitted by Frame, Alston <fc Co., Lon
don. On her recent trial trip the boat made
13;' i tnots. She is armed with seven Hotcb
kiss guvs, slid is litted up to accommodate the
President and suite of the Dominican Repub
lic.
The British dockyards built nine ships
during 1896, of 71,970 tons displacement and
89,600 horses, which exceeds by lti'^o tons the
output of 1895. Portsmouth toot the lead,
with three ships of 26,300 ton 3, of which one
cruiser of 5800 tons was launched in ten
months and seven days from the laying of the
keel. The total valu? of the ships when com
pleted will be $21,438,820. In addition to
new vnork the five dockyards expended $1,
--472,000 in repairs to ships.
The cruiser Furious, 5800 tons, was launched
at the Diivonport dockyard December 3, her
keel having been laid June 10, 1893, and is to
be completed next July. The Furious is 320
ieet in length, 57 feet 6 inches breadth and
has a mean draught of — 1 feet. The speed un
der natural draught, with 10,000 horse power,
is to be nineteen knots. She has eighteen
Belleville boilers, placed in three water-tight
compartments, and the normal coal supply is
500 tons, which may be augmented to 1000
tons.
TO ROBERT BURNS.
Oh, Robbie, " dear departed thade,
Where hath thy gentle spirit rettl"
Hast thou a peaceful refuge found,
From all the pang* thai rent thy breast t
Oh heart that beat too fast and free
For rigid schoolmen's measure,
So quick to bleed for others' pain,
bo finely tuned to pleasure:
That saw a grace in common things
To sweeten lowly duty.
The wee sma' moosie's fragile life,
The daisy's modest beauty;
Have you, for all these hundred years,
Known rest from toll and trouble,
. To you, fair Scotland's dearest son,
Sleeted in measure double? i *
Was there for you a joy more sweet
Than found In earthly loving?
.And would your songs, If anng anew, -.
Be still more deeply moving?
We ask, but never answer comes
From out the darkness dreary—
And never more a spoken word
From lips with singing weary.
Yet still the echo of your songs
Rings on adown the sees.
And Burns Is still the brightest name
That lights old Scotia's ffeges. S !
Mrs. Francks Ella Bcott.
San Francisco, January 28, 1897.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
Maud— What do you consider man's greatest
fault?
Edith— His scarcity.— Florida Times-Union.
"I'm hungry enough to eat a horse."
"Come along with me and we will have a
couple of pouies."— lndianapolis Journal.
The Countess— Do show me the coronet.
The Earl— My dear. I'll show you the ticket
for the coronet It was hypothecated to pay
for the engagement ring.— Puck.
"A man is being tried in Boston for murder
on the high seas."
"I thought justice would overtake some ot
these tenors before long."— Cleveland Plain
Dealer.
"Now. Violet, can you give me any reason
why I should not punish you for being
naughty?"
Violet— Yes, ma. The doctor said you
weren't to take auy vi'lent excise."—B oston
Guardian.
Fuddy— Yes, I know ; but has Plodder really
written anything of value?
Duddy— Of value? Decidedly yes. He showed
me one article alone upon which be had spent
at least $5 in postage— Boston Transcript
She (attempting to ride the bicycle for the
first time)— l'm afraid I'll fall.
He — Hi ye no fear; I will support you.
She— lndeed, this is so 6udden.— Yonkers
Statesman.
MAJOR McKINLEY AND THE YOUNG REPORTER.
President-elect McKinley is a man of admirable tact. In this respect he is a good deal
like Garfield, but even Garfield stumbled oc-
shot struck him. He didn't wince. He didn't flatter an eyelid. He leaned back and slowly
puffed the cigar, looking oS into illimitable space. His face was calm and inscrutable.
A brief silence ensued.
Then the Major leaned forward. He drew his bushy eyebrows down and looked almost
eagerly at the young man.
"I'll tell you how it is," he slowly said, "this weather is certainly very remarkable for this
time of the year."
Then he leaned back again and let a little curl of smoke circle above his head.
The reporter smiled at him. Then he smiled.
"We'll let it drop, Major," he said
Then the Major faintly smiled, too, and the conversation went right on again from where
the leading question had derailed it.
PERSONAL.
N. E. de Yoe, a banker of Modesto, is at the
Lick.
F. M. West, a banker of Stockton, ia at the
Grand.
Charles De W. Brownell, U. S. N., Is at the
Grand.
H. W. Crabb, a vineyardist of Oakville, is at
the Grand.
Louis Jiicobs, a merchant of San Bernardino,
is at the Palace.
E C. Kelbourne, a Seattle lawyer, is regis
tered at the Lick.
Lee Hawthorne of Petaluma is staying at
the Cosmopolitan.
P. Reichling, a hotel man of Jackson, Ama
dor County, w at the Grand.
Dr. A. C. Henderson of Brooklyn, N. V., ar
rived at the Pa. ace yesterday.
L. Gerlach, a wholesale butcher of Stockton,
is a late arrival at the Grand.
F. D. Heflron, a jeweler of Maiden Lane,
New York City, is at the Palace.
Joseph Schuster of Fresno is at the Cosmo
politan with his wife and family.
Will Thomas of Stanford University regis
tered yesterday at the California.
D. R. Cameron, a commission merchant of
Hanforu, is a late arrival at the Lick.
A. C. Bequette, a mining man of Forest Hill,
is in town. Ue i 3 visiting at the Lick.
Dr. D. W. Rlggs, a prominent physician of
Allegheny, Pa., arrived at the Grand yester
day.
Charles T. Lindsey, Southern Pacific agent
at Visalia, is among the late arrivals at the
Grand.
W. W. Dongla* of Sacramento came down
from the capital yesterday and is at the
Grand.
E. J. Lowrey, a Fresno insurance man, is
among those registered yesterday at the
Grand.
K. Casker of Vallejo, who is estaDlishing an
electric-light plant at that place, is a guest at
the Lick.
J. W. Wilson, one of the judges at Ingleside,
is here iroin Sacramento and is registered at
the Lick.
A. B. Willis, editor of the Sacramento Record-
Union, arrived here laat night and registered
at the Ru-s.
E. A. Sutter, one of the firm of Sutter Broth
ers, tobacco dealers of Chicago, is a guest at
the California.
E. B. Kittle, a railroad contractor of New
York, arrived in town yesterday and registered
at the Palace..
United States District Judge Erskine M.Ross
of Los Angeles came up from the south yester
day and is at the Palace.
P. J. Mi-Henry, proprietor and manager of
the Commercial Hotel, San Luis Obispo, is a
guest at the Cosmopolitan accompanied by
his son.
James H. Rees, one <nf the Ingleside race
track judges, returned to the Baldwin yester
day from Memphis, Term., where he had been
visiting.
George S. Morrison of Chicago and William
H. Burr of New York City, two of the members
of the Deep Water Harbor Board recently in
session in Los Angeles, arrived here yesterday
from the southern part of the State on their
way home. They took apartments at the Occi
dental.
Professor Mary Roberts Smith of the depart
ment of economics of Staniord University,
who is also the wife of the head of the depart
ment of civil engineering, arrived at the Cali
fornia last night, accompanied by Mrs. T. D.
Wood, wllo of Dr. Wood, the professor of
hygiene. _____________
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE
Miss Jessie Ackerman, now in Baltimore,
will soon enter upon her duties as assistant
pastor of the Fourth Baptist Church of Chicago.
Byron wrote his celebrated poem of "The
Bride of Abydos" in one night, and without
mending his pen. The p«n is still preserved in
the British Museum.
Governor-elect Leedy of Kansas was so over
whelmed by Populist office-seekers that he
was obliged to flee from Topeka. And now
the office-seekers are sending him their pho
tographs. '
Susan B. Anthony began to make speeches
for abolition as early as 1853. Her efforts to
ward woman's rights began only after the War
of the Rebellion, when the freedom of the
slave had been secured.
The Sultan of Turkey not only has a rigid
censorship ol the press but he has ordered that
no newspaper be published until the after
noon, so that the censors will not have to
forego their morning nap in order to supervise
them.
Rumor has it that the Emperor Nicholas will
receive a succession of royal and Imperial vis
itors this year. The series will begin with the
monarch of Austria-Hungary, who is tojarrive
at St. Petersburg in February.Emperor William
following a few weeks later.
Dean Hoffman of the Episcopal Theological
Seminary, New York, has sent a check for $35,
--000 to the University of the South at Suwanee,
Term., and has given it property at Bridge
port, Ala., worth $15,000. He promised some
time ago to make the gift in cue of McKinley's
! election. _____________ , » .-.
Strong hoarhound candy, 15c Townsend's*
«■ — ♦ «
Special information daily to manufacturer*.
business houses and public men by the Prejj
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery.*
■ . — ♦ — • : ;,; .
May— l think Kate's refusal will have a good
effect on Charley. *
Maude— hope so, but he's so frightfully
I slow.
May— l know, bat he told me it had cut him
to the quick.— New York Press.
....;,'. : . >' '-.)
"Mm. Wlnilow's Soothing Syrup"
Fas been used over fifty years by millions it
mothers for their children while Teething with par
fect success. "It soothes the child, softens. heeotns.
allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, regulates be Boweli
and is the best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether aris
lag lrom tee. h Ing or other causes, *or sale by drug- '
gists In every part of the world. Be sure and an.
tor— lra. VV inalow's toothing Syrup. ' 25c a bocii*
• — ♦ » ';'*"*■ •■'.
C'nKOKA no.— Atmosphere is perfectly dry. *Vt
»Dd mild, being entirely tree from the mists com
iron timber north. Hound-trip tickets, by steam- :
ship, Including fifteen days' board at the Hot* am
toronado, $66: longer stay *2 60 per day. APj»iy
l.\tn Aloutgomary St., t-an Francisco. •
'■.'■—• — - — " • ' ♦ • — ; — '- —
, No toilet is complete without a bottle of Ayer'g
Hair. : Vigor— the best b air-dressing. Ask your
druggist for Ayer'a Almanac. . .
casionally. Me Kin ley improves upon Gar
field's methods, says the Cleveland Plain
Dealer. There isn't so much of the effusive
about him, not so much of the arm-around
your-neck style, but he leaves fatly as good an
impression. But Garfield and McKin.ey would
fast a week rattier than have a caller leave
them in anger. It was a kind of religion with
them to make friends out of every sort of ma
terial.
While the Major was in town on his recent
vlsi; a; young reporter connected with a local
daily called upon him for an interview. Ho
was plea antly received and had the distin
guished victim quite to himse.f. The Major
was as pleasant as the typicU basket of chips,
and the interviewer fomged in great style.
At last, exhilarated by his success and lured
on by the Major's open manm-r, the reporter
hurled this question square at the mark:
"Major," he said, 'uhis may be rather a
blunt query, but have you decided yet on any
single member of your Cabinet?"
The Major was smoking when this center
COL. GREENE'S SUCCESSOR
It Is Probable That Major John
A. Babcock Will Ba the A.
A. G. for California.
Tin Dance That Was a Brilliant Event
at the Presidio Pest on Tues
day Evening.
As has already been announced in The
Call, Colonel O. D. Greene, A. A. G., will
go on the retired list to-day. It was the
talk in Washington a few days ago that
Major Joim A. .Babcock of the adjutant
general's department will succeed Colonel
Greene. In the meantime the office will
be failed temporarily.
Captain W. H. Baldwin of the subsist
ence department arrived in this City on
Friday and will be in charge of the sub
sistence department in this City.
Captain Allan Smith had an exami
nation before the board for promotion last
week.
Lieutenant Milton F. Davis. Fourth
Cavairy, has been ordered to appear be
fore the Board of Examiners for promo
tion.
Preparations are already being made for
the next field day that will be held at the
Presidio post.
To-day there will be the annual review
at the Presidio, commencing at 9:30 in the
morning.
The recent report of General Miles on
the subject of coast defense at and, around
San Francisco ha 3 excited a great deal of
talk in various circles and it has been the
subject of much comment, it is asserted
that Lime Point with the necessary arma
ment would make it, as General Miles
says, "ihe Gibraltar of the Pacific," but
only so far as San Francisco goes. Those
who have given the subject of coast de
fense attention declare that it is not only
at San Frnncisco that there should be
perfect defense, but that the defense must
extend up and down the coast.
The men stationed at the several posts
arounu the bay are instructed daily,
weather permitting, in all the art of mod
ern gunnery and the handling of heavy
euns. It is required that every man shall
know just what to do at the right mo
ment and how to do it. Not only must
each man learn tne art of dome what he
is told to do, but he must familiarize him
self with a great deal that will make him
competent to maneuver a gun in case of
need. Modern gunnery requires intelli
gence and the men are being trained to
the degree of intelligence required.
The officers at the Presidio gave a recep
tion and ball in their pretty hoproom at
the post Monday evening, which proved
to be one of the most brilliant events of
this season.
Gold buttons, clashing swords, hand
some men and elaborately gowned beauti
ful women moved through the mazy
measures of the dance in the brilliantly
lit ballroom and formed a picture long to
be remembered by ticse iortnnate enough
to attend. Battle-scarred Hags, shining
sabers, stacked arms and the brilliant regi
mental colors were artistically utilized to
make the hall beau if ul.
The cosiest chairs, the prettiest hang
ings and the daintiest of bric-a-brac were
appropriated from theofficera' quarters to
make the tete-a-tete nook inviting and
comfortable.
The men labored independently of the
ladies of the post and the excellent sup
per, tne beaati.ully waxed floor and the
artistic decorations are all to their credit.
Each officer was limited to three invita
tions and about 250 guests were in attend
ance. The hours of the reception were
from 8 till 10, a^ter which dancing was in
augurated and continuf 1 tiil 2 a.m.
Colonel W. R. Shatter, as,s sed by
Colonel Wiilistcn, Colonel S. B. M. Young,
Mrs. McKitnck, Mrs. O'Conuell, Mrs. Wil
liston, Mrs. Pott*, Miss Young and Mr.-*.
Rodners, received the guests.
Colonel Young, Captain Rodpers, Cap
tain Potts, Captain Starr, Dr. Edie and
Lieutenant Davis had charge of tne de
tails of the reception and to their untiring
efforts thesuccess of the affair is due.
In addition to the officers from head
qutirters and the various posts and the
navy officers stationed around the
harbor, and their families, there were
present: Mrs. Woo<i, Miss Eleanor Wood,
Mr. and Mrs. I. Requa, Oscar Sewall,
Mies Ethel Tompkins, Southard Hoff
man Jr., the Misses Mary and Aiice Hoff
man, Mr. and Mr*. J. Kruttschniti, Miss
Rose Hooper, Mr. and Mrs. Joseph
Crockett, Miss Cora Crockett, Mil ion
Latham, M ss Anna Hobb*, Mr. and Mr*.
J. K. Wilson, Miss Louise Crosby, Mrs.
Breeze, Miss Breeze, Thomas Breeze, Mrs.
W. C. Kip, Miss Kip, Mi-s Mary K;p, Air.
and Mrs. lhoma-, M.ss May Thomas,
Winfield Jones, Mr. and Mrs. Walter S.
Hubart, Miss Juliette Williams, Miss
Ethel Rodgers, Miss Eva Moody, Miss
Mai Moody. F. A. Greenwood, E. M.
Greenwav, Re.uck Duperu. Mr. and Mrs.
Charles Fox Tay, Mr. and Mrs .George C.
Boardman, Louis Masten, Miss Alice
Ma-ten T. Danforth Boardman, Miss
Gertrude Bates, Miss Bern ice Drown. Mr.
and Mrs. R un«evitie Wildman, Miss
Daisy Van Ne^s, Miss Ida Gibbons, Bains
Emma But.er, Miss Ethel Cohen. Mrs.
Monroe Salisbury, Miss Kate Salisbury,
Miss Je-fie Hobart, Samuel Board l man,
Georire de L >br, Miss Sal.ie Maynard, Mr.
an.i Mrs. Frank J. Carolan, Miss Jessie
Gluscock. •
VEEY EEV. M'NULTY HEEE.
Venerable Catholic Pastor of New Jer
sey in Search of Health.
Very Rev. W. McNuity, pastor the last
thirty year? and over of St. John's Catho
lic Cnu'rch at Paterson. N. J., arrived hero
yesterday by way of New Orleans and the
Sunset route, and registered at the Lick
House.
He has come to California for a short
vacation snd for needed rest. As yet his
plans are not formed, but Monterey will
be one of his objective points during his
visit here.
Yesterday evening he hunted up and
visited with the Paulist Fathers in old St.
Mary's Cuurch on California street- Some
of them he used to be acquainted with in
New York a number of years ago. Other
wise he knows no one in San Francisco.
His sojourn here will be one solely for
health and pleasure. It is twelve days
since he left his pulpit to oegin the joui
ney westward.
He is a venerable man, tall, with snow
white hair and a fringe of snow-wnue
beard well under his chin. He wears the
usual clerical collar, and that alone indi
cates vis calling more significantly than
could his high shiny hat, his worldly air,
his twinkling eyes and the kindly humor
of his conversat.on.
DON'T WANT LOWER OAK TAEE.
Ocean View Improvement Club Fear*
Losing the Transfer Privilege.
The Ocean View Improvement Club met
yesterday in Taylor's Hall. There was an
attendance of about forty persons. The
officers of the club are: President,
Stepnen Man<?am; secretary, M. F. Tay
lor; treasurer, William Shepard; delegates
to the Association of Improvement
Clubs— M. F. Taylor, William Shepard,
James Irwin, M. Neubauer and W. W.
McNulty.
John Maloney and J. Losue were ap
pointed a committee to investigate the
matter of fences and other obstructions
on Sickles avenue so that the club can
take steps to hare them removed.
Michael Neubauer and Thomas Mait
land were appointed a committee to locate
ail the nuisances in Ocean View and re
port at the next meeting of the club.
There is considerable complaint in Ocean
View against cesspools.
The club discussed the Senate bill to
reduce streetcar fare to 2% cents between
certain hours of the morning and evening.
The sentiment of the club was against the
reduction, as it was feared that the trans
fer privilege would be lost.
A committee was appointed to see the
proper committee of the Board of Super
visors this week about hydrants and elec
tric lights for Ocean View.
The Degree of Honor.
The fourth annual entertainment and dance
given by Ivy Lodge In Elite Hall, Oakland, last
Wednesday was a great success and was attended
by a very large number of people. The Sawyer
Sisters, Miss Laura Dubots, Mrs. Eva Cogan and
51 Us Nellie Sawyer took part in the affair and the
event closed with the production of a farce. The
proceeds will be used to purchase costumes for the
drill team.
The hall of Silver Spray Lodge was crowded
last Tuesday nUht on the occasion of the Installa
tion of the officers of the lodge by Deputy Miss
Mary Pinkbam. There were present delegates
from the OaKlaDd Lodge and the lodges of the Mis
sion District. There was after the ceremony a
muslcale, in which W. Brown, H. Roberts. Evelyn
Mayon, G. L. of H., Verdi Oilmore, the Misses
Smith and Clark, Mrs. Linda Malloy, Miss Nina
Youne, Kobert Brown. William Henry Barnes
and Sura. Eva Cogan took: part.
• • •
Frogs, when cooked, taste very much
like chicken.
NEW TO-DAT.
Your cough, like a dog's
bark, is a sign that there is
something foreign around
which shouldn't be there.
You can quiet the noise, but
the danger may be there just
the same. Scott's Emulsion
of Cod-liver Oil is not a
cough specific; it does not
merely allay the symptoms
but it does give such strength
to the body that it is able to
throw off the disease.
You know the old prov-
erb of "the ounce of pre-
vention?" Don't neglect
your cough.
Your druggiit keeps Scott's EmuUon of Cod-liver Oil.
Put op in s oc. and fi.oo sires.
of our store, and attracts the attention of
all passers-by. Monday and Tuesday we
sample and
SERVE FREE
Mamoca pudding, East India.
Cream of Maize.
Olives, best Los Angeles.
Welsh Rarebit.
Mountain Comb Honey.
Pure Maple Sugar.
Celery, Kaiamazoo.
Finest C..ff*e in town.
Choice of 60 teas.
And many other deliciona articles, such as
seldom find their way to the grocery coun-
ters of this city. We pride ourselves on
the quality of our goods. You help make
the price at
OmllriO Store, *££.JiiOSDAY JANUARY 25, 1897
AMLbt.).h<lS.
Balbwik Theater -"Magda."
Columbia 1 hkatkr— "Devil's Auction.'
Moroscos lpkea-Hoii>»- Orphans of New
York
/ j.cazar Thkatkb.— "All the Comforts o.
Homl." l
Trvou Cpera Hocst- "Marl tana,"
Obphfou— Hleb-C!as« Vaudeville.
Pkopi-k'x Palace. — Bristol's 1 Trained Horses.
'JB» IBUTK3 «SMI (-KATINH RKOC— U»U/ »t
lialgLt bi;e.-:, one block esu>: of Ibe Park.
. bcxßo Baths— Bathing and performances.
*AciricCo*f-T Jotkfvi i r-i>.— Races 10-day.
Aid I<j > AU S.
Ft Cttas. J kvv <fc to.— This dar, January 26,
Horses, at 164 Golden Gate a-e., at 11 o'c.ocn.
By P. J. lARTH.-luei.day, January 26, Ar t
Goods, at 414 McAllister st.. at 2 p. it.
Fy Yon Bhein Co.— Thursday, January 28
P«»l Estate, at Salesroom, 51b California street
it 12 o'clock.
1 » G. H. Vmmis * Co.— Monday, February 1,
Feai Estate, at salesroom, 14 Moutgoiaery street,
at 12 o'clock noon.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Cloudy Monday; colder. A. McAdie, forecast
, official.
The last Nordica-Scalchi concert took place
at the Baldwin Theater last night.
In the open-to-all obstacle race at Sutro
baths yesterday D. A. Carroll rron.
John L. Bardwell generously donates sixty
valuable water colors to the Park Museum.
Rev. Mr. Ford approves dancing in the pul
pit if a preacher could thus attract sinners.
John P. Dalton, late proprietor of the Ingle
side coursing park, died yesterday afternoon.
The White House Mascots defeated the Erots
by a score of IS to 14. The battery was Dwyer
and Sullivan.
• "Meisgs wharf was crowded all day yesterday
Mruh Sunday visitors, who watched, ior the ar
•y rivil of the Swanhilda.
■\\ Bishop Newman delivered the anniversary
{address at the Young Men's Christian Associa
' , :;on yesterday afternoon.
Funeral preparations of unusual magnitude
are being made lor the interment of Little
Pete, the murdered Chinaman.
The b.irk Snow it Burgess arrived last even
ing, sixty-one days from Sydney, the brought
lie information of the SwanhiMu.
Chief Jailer Andrew Saltier and his com
mand at the o;d Broadway jail will appear in
new uniforms next Sunday morning:.
School Director Waller reiterates that there
inus; be a cut in teachers' salaries or the
schools matt close before the end of the school
year.
•'■ Rev. Victor M. Ruthven, who says he was
once a priest, lectured en "Romanism and
Liberty" at the Metropolitan Temple last
ni 3 ht.
J. C. Nealon and T. F. Bonnet defeated Coast
Champion Riordan ami Amateur Champion
Donnelly at the Saa Francisco handball court
yesterday.
The lite of King Owyang, the Chinese Vice
.Consul has been threatened by the ,-cc Yup
highbinders, who are accused 01 the murOerof
Little Pete.
■ In a family quarrel between the brothers
; and sisters of "the smith faan.y, at 509 Mason
.slreet, one brother cut tat. otnei .a tne arm j
with a knife.
. One of the burglars who entered tne resi
dence of J. D. Sullivan at 'J4 Washington ave
nue on New Year's eve has been identified as
Albert Hughes.
• Last evening at 8 o'clock James Meehan, 16
years of age, fell fr m the third floor of a
lodging-bouse at 4445-s Third street and was
instantly killed.
Eva M. Carlin, a teacher in the Oakland
public schools, discussed "Child Labor" before
the American branch of the Socialist Labor
party last evening.
The assassination of Little Pets has created
con?ternation in Chinatown, where it is ex
pected that a murderous wax is likely to break
out at any moment.
B Seven sportsmen who went to Nicasio, Marin
County, Saturday afternoon and returned last
t'venii.g brought wilh them ever forty-;;
dozen birds, mostly quail.
f i The case In which Little Pete was accused of
A Exempting to bribe policemen some ten years
r a?ohas teen brought to light in a forcible
I manner by his recent murd.r.
fThe four football clubs comprising the Gaelic
Association are planning to irai.i a select
team to meet the Colts of Chicago, who pro
pose coining here next summer.
At a meeting of the Ocean View Improve
ment Ciub yesterday :ha club disapproved of
a 2J-£-cent street car tare, fearing that me
trausier privilege might be lost.
SThe St. Patrick's day celebration convention
met yesterday at K. R. B. Hail ana effected
permanent organization. Joan Mulhern was
elected president of the convention.
Very Rev. W. McNulty, pastor for over thirty
yenrb of St. John's Calho.ic Church in Pater
con, N. J., arrived here yesterday from the
last for a short visit in search of hsalih.
John Henry Mangels, a member of trie rirm of
Tiliman & Bendel, died yesterday morning at
the rei-idenceof his stepmother, Mrs. Mangels.
"518 Howard street. Deceased was only 31
years of age.
There m a large attendance in the castle
of the San Franci o branch of the Labor Ex
change yesterday and much interest was
token in the speeches and general discussion
oil the labor question.
Key. William Rader denies that there is any
thing unorthodox in the views he has ex
pressed concerning the Bible, and tie says the
public criticism made of his expressions is due
to misunderstandings.
It is probable that Golden Gate Park will be
greatly improved during the present year. If
the in:. as are forthcoming the area of« wood
j and'water will be extended and new walks
and drives constructed.
The Tuft-Lyon Jrs. defeated the star team of
Oakland. tho Young Pioneers, by a score of 17
to 10, and would like to bear from the Yountt
bwius. Address all communications to R. Mc
• Mahon, 811 Greenwich street.
William Smadeke, wholesale liquor mer
chant. Republican State and County Commit
teeman, and a prominent member of San
Francisco Schutzen Vermin, was laid to rest
yesterday in Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
The League of the Cross Auxiliary was or
ganized yesterday for the purpose of support
ing the league in its work. .Many prominent
Catholic people signed the roll of membership
and $500 was subscribed at the meeting.
■ The widow of Little Pete presented a pitiable
Tight at the Morgue yesterday, when she was
/handed thediam >ml ring taken from the finger
_Joi her late husband. The heartbroken woman
yell to the floor and went most bitterly while her
tviby boy sought to offer his childish consola
tion.
"' The Young Olympics were defeated by the
Young Swins by a score of 16 to 9, at the
Recreation grounds. Watson, the Ditcher for
the Young Swins, struck out twelve men in
feven innings. The winners would, like to
. hear from the Redwood City nine. Address
; S. Friediander, 1808 Scott street. City.
STEW TO-DAY?
SKINS
-
ON FIRE
Skins on fire with torturing, disfiguring,
itching, burning, bleeding, scaly, and pimply
humors, instantly relieved by a warm bath
■with CcnccßA. Soap, a single application of
Cctictka (ointment), the great skin cure,
and a full dose of Ccticcba Resolve.vt.
A Ti.oldthronfrhontthe world. Pott** r).*C.CoBP., SoI*
\ Props., Boston. How to i"ur« Torturing Humon. tree.
RflßV'fi QSfIM Scalp «ndn»irpnrifled and Bean-
Dfto! O cfv!N tifi*d by Coticoka Soai-.
fljl nCAD I Backache, kidney, and uter-
UiS UtAn i me pains, strains, muscular
weakness, relieved quick as
MV Dipy } an electric flash by Collins 1
111 I O AU IV I Voltaic Electric Flatter*
WATCHING WITH
THE DETECTIVES
A Large Crcwd of Sunday
Visitors on Meiggs
Wharf.
The Dreamer Who Taw the
twanhilca in a Vision of
the Ni{?ht.
Genial Mike Fitzvra d Tells Weird
Ta'es — Arrival of the Snow
aa- Burgess.
A man walked down on Meiggs wh.Tf
yesterday afternoon and looked long and
absorbingly westward over the bay.
There was such a manner of confident
expectancy about him that a large crowd
of the half thousand visitors on the
wharf drifted around him. The wrecker
White^aw with her derrick masts towering
rloft was steaming out to seaafter a tow.
"That's her!" he said, almost breathless
ly. "There she is! I knew she'd be ia,
for I saw her in a dream just as plain as
can be. "What? Don't tell me that isn't
her; see those four masts. What do you
know abont the Swanhilda, anyway?
Probably you're acquainted with Butler.
I've seen the likes of you before. That's
her. I tell you, and she'll be here in half
an hour."
Then he went over to the police station
to tell the Aus ralian detective, McHattie,
to get his gun, while the boat with der
rick-masts towering aloit steamed out to
sea after a tow.
After the dreamer had cone to chase up
another vision, the crowd found another
sensation. Tie ferry's launch lay along
side of the wharf with steam ud, and an
other alarmist confidentially told around
that the little vessel was in readiness to
carry the squad of detectives out to re
ceive Butler. The informer verified his
statement by calling the crowd's attention
to the letter "P" on the bows of the
launcti, which he said, with marked
seriousness, could only be the initial let
ter of police.
This was corroboration not to be gain
said, and the graceful little craft was the
center of attraction until it took a steward
aboard with his marketing and steamed
onto the revenue cutter.
Then a sch oner was seen coming
through the foe arouni Fort Point and a
thousand eyes bore directly on her until a
puff of wind blew away the thin white
veil and revealed her familiar lines. The
report that a bark was sighted from Point
Lobos put an edge upon the excitement
until she was made out to be tb> Snow
and Burgees, sixty-one days out from
Sydney. Even a rockbaree towed out
from Black Point was made to pose as the
Swanhiida until some of the wheelbarrows
on the deck were made out.
Between the acts an orchestra on board
the Pprry discoursed divine melody- The
musicians were the cutter's bugler, tliref
drurumeraand a manipulator of the tri
angie. Tne sound it made was »oul-har
rowing and t^t a{l the dogs on the wharf
to howling. But tne musicians were in
dustrious and kept to t eir programme
until the captain of th« cutter put a stop
to it.
Detective Mctfattie and his partner,
Constable Conroy, came in for much at
tention as the men who would convoy
the colonial murderer back to the Aus
tralian gallows.
Wh n tiie crowd wanted any special in
formation regarding the Swanbilda, Bat
-1 r or anybody else, they appealed to
Marine Reporter Fiiz^erald, and genial
"Mike," as he is know n around the globe.
read ly plunged into details. He drew a
mciure of the murderer now approachiner
this coast that made bis audience caich
their breaths. He maj>p?d out the plan
of the fight that wouM probably take
jlace when the officers attempted to arrest
the Australian killer. The delay of the
Swanhilda was explaine I fully and her
absence was a mystery no longer.
As the sun went down an>l t c evening
gun rang over tbe harbor about balf of
ue number of visitors went home. The
remainder lingered on tbe wharf and
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 25, 1897.
watched the Golden Gate closedown in
the night. Tne Snow and Burgess was
towed in long after dark and though she
brought no news the visitors stilt watched
her, in some way associating the Ameri
can bark with the big Briiish four-master
and her passenger. Finally they left one
by one and the wharf was deserted.
ALONG THE WATER FRONT.
Henry Peterson Has Made an Addi
tion to His Fleet.
Henry Peterson, the well-known cham
pion oarsman of California, has made an
addition to bis fleet of gasoline steamers
and Whitehall boats. Latterly be has
found great difficulty in handling ships'
stores, so he had a .i^mer built expressly
fo- the work. Yesterday she was launched
irom the ways near Hunters Point, and
Mrs. Peterson christened iier Vera as she
glided into tbe waters of the bay. After
ward the launch Amy took the Vera in
tow and brought her to Folsom-street
w arf, which will be her home port in the
fu"ire.
The American ship May Flint seems to
be always in trouble. From tbe day she
was converted from a British steamer into
an American sailing s ip up to the present
there has never been a voyage but that
there has been some complaint. The last
time sue was here the captain was accused
of ill-treating the men and this time the
mate was arrested. Now there has been
trouble oyer the shipping of the new
crew.
The captain ma<le an arrangement with
one of the shipping masters by which he
was to get men at $15 a month and $25 ad-
vance. Out of this somebody was to cet
$60 and "poor Jack" was to be out and in
jured to that extent. Before anything
was done John Cane put in a bid and got
the job of shipping the twenty-two men.
The contract was signed in the office of
the Shipowners' Association and accord
ing to it each sailor got $15 a month and a
$25 advance, less a rebate of $4 and an
extra dollar, which is the shipping master's
fee.
The matter of stopping money out of a
sailor's advance has b-en laid before the
United States Shipping Commissioner,
and an investigation will be heid. The
May Flint sailed for Honolulu in ballast
yesterday to load sugar for New York.
The schooners Czar and Pinole were
close neighbors in Mission Bay yesterday,
and ret neither captain seemed anxious
to come to close quarters. The Pinole has
100 tons of dynamite on board, which S'ie
brought down from Pinole Point, and the
same cargo will be put on the Czar some
time to-day. From here the explosive will
go to Central America and will there be
used in the gold minps.
MANY ATTEAOTIOJiS TO-NIGHT.
Events That Are Announced by the
City Theatrical Managers.
The attraction at the Baldwin Theater to
night will be the reappearance of Helena
Modjeska, the Countess de Bozenta. She will
appear in the title ro!e in the play entitled
"Magda," adapted from the German drama
" Heim a t h." Joseph Haworth will be the lead
ing man.
"The Devil's Auction" will continue at the
Columbia Theater, and there will be offered
an almost entire change of novelties. The
several specialists have become great favorites
with the large audiences that have seen this
entertainment.
That ever popular farce-comeay, ''All the
Comforts of Home," one of Gillette's best con
ceptions, will be offered at the Alcazar
this evening. The company at this house
ought to produce the side-splitting 1 leas of
the author in very good style— it has the talent.
The patrons of the Grand Opera-house will
have presented to them this evening a melo
drama that is new to San Francisco. It is
I calied "The Orphans of New York," and la
said to be a must exciting an 1 sensational pro
duction. Edward J. Heron will assume the
part of the hero.
The sweet strain* of Wallace's beautiful
opera "Maritana" will be heard in the Tivoli
Opera-house this evening. Yves Renynton and
Katherine Kreig will alternate in the titular
role and Rhys Thomas is to assume the char
acter of Don Caesar.
There are to be two new attractions at the
Orpheum Music Hall to-night. One is Ale de
Capitaiue. an aerial artist who has won much
fame in Vienna and other tarts of Europo.
Bessie Clayton, dancer and contortionist, will
also appear, together with otuer specialists.
At the People's Pa. nee there will be a home
show this evening. Prolessor Bristol will ap
pear in the ring and show bis method of
handling animals, and he will introduce to
i he audience his educated horses, ponies and
mules. _
Plea for the Little On<-»
Nursery department of tne Armitage Or
phanage, 831 Fulion meet, is sadly in need of
infants' c othmg and crib*. Charitable per
su s are urg' d to donate cast-off or outgrown
articles of tneir more fortunate children.
Hypnotic Inst., 6 O'Farrell, teach, treat *
TO CELEBRATE
ST. PATRICK'S DAY
Representatives of Irish
Societies Hold a
Convention.
Great Enthusiasm D spayed by
the Large Gathering of
Irishmen.
Joha Mulhern E °cttd P rmanent
Chairman o ths Body—D.le
gates Are Seated.
The large meeting-room of K. K. B. Hall,
at Mason and O'Farrell streets, was
crowded with representative Irishmen
yesterday afternoon, when the St. Pat
rick's Day Convention assembled to make
preparations for the celebration of the
cominc Irish national festival.
Thomas R. Bannerman called the meet
ing to order. He said it afforded him
great pleasure to see such a full represen
tation of Irish societies present, as it
showed that the true spirit was fresh and
vigorous as ever.
As the minutes of the last meeting in
1896 were not available, J. P. Henry, the
financial secretary, read his report, show
ing a balance in the Hibernia Bank
amounting to $579 72.
The chairman expressed his grateful
apprec ation of the confidence and esteem
of the 1896 convention, and his thanks for
the honor conferred upon him. And he
felt he rpoke the truth when stating that
last year's celebration of St. Patrick's day
was a credit to tiie Irish element oi San
Francisco.
A resolution was adopted thanking the
chairman and officers and the convention
adjourned sine die. R. J. Reilly, Becre
tary of the 1896 convention, took the chair
temporarily and called the 1897 conven
tion to order.
Several delegates were placed in nomi
NEW TO-DAT. . ■
l^^a *H^r Jlw^^Swbk.ll!l fill! HI How many young men who start out in
\'WS riM'tjßßßfiK*™' "* '" ' ' If 1 life with bright prospects and ambition
r^^WfiSjSfe^^^^BßSg^Lp W | that aims at nothing short of success, fail
"^'lfflßSwSSGraaE&wi'arßsiilßJ Hi ,j j to reach the coveted prize? How many
'gl^^n % fall along the rough places and obstruc-
—n mi in ii i in^i^iJf^Bg 1 ' tions which they are certain to encounter?
T^CT7i^|[|l!|i;|lli|[J|aiMa^K^BßMP I How many rind these obstacles harder and
M\\\\hli[™\nK^^W^^M harder to overcome, instead of being
\m\\\l\\\^]wW^^^W^-' easier? Success one day should bring re-
)ql|llH''Jll!iLfc&il Jf^^ZzjlM^ ¥ y^k] newed vigor and courage for the next.
Pel ijlfl w'^i^w^A^^V *w Instead of that we find young men giving
£ -vi»'^7 '^^'^\^ pi^^™Ei^ up in despair; their ambition gone; the
ssHWMk ■■■■:■*.' ' "F«^j vigor and energy that should be charac-
teristic of every young man is not theirs. Examin* into their lives and you will rind
that they have wasted their strength in excesses or early indiscretions. The drain
has begun to t II on them. They need the toning and invigorating effects of DR.
SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT to strengthen them and sTop the drain that is sapping
away their strength. Medicine wfll not do the work. Thousands of young men
have given up in despair, have become disheartened because medicine has failed to
cure em. GIVEN UP HOPE. What a condition for a young, man! And yet
there is a simp c, certain, speedy cure for any man in this condition. Young man, do
you suffer? Have you become disheartened? Then take fresh hope. You can
snatch victory from despair. Get the true cure. Electricity is your hope. Dr. San-
den has made it possib/e to use Nature's remedy in assisting nature, through bis
wonderful Belt. Get the booK, "Three Classes of Men," and read of his wonderful
but simple method or curing weakness and disease. Read the testimony of the many
thousands who have been restored to health and strength. V Call and consult the doc- I
tor and see and test the Belt, or send for the book, which is mailed, sealed, free, to
any address. Don't put it off. There's nothing more important than your health.
Call or address
. &A.THrT*jam eijEcthio 00.,
632 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE MOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
Office hours— BA. M. to 8:30 P. M. ; Sundays, 10 to 1. Los Ansjelei, Office «204 South Broad- !
i way ; Portland, Or.. 253 Wellington street; Denver. Colo., 933 Sixteenth, street. I
I Nol±..— jl»te no mistake m numDer— 632 ilaritet street
nation, and John Mulbern was e'ected by
acclamation to the temporary chairman
ship. When escorted to the chair by a
committee, consisting o: Thomas E. Ban
nerman, John O'Byrne and John Rooney,
he congraiu.'ated the meeting on it-* en
thusiasm and its auspicious b'gianing of
the wort of preparation.
J. J. Moran was elected temporary sec
retary.
Charles McCryafal, Thomas R. Banner
man, Mi nael O'Mahony, Edward I. S >ee
han, Wiiiiam Mulvin, Je emiah Deasy
and J. J. Donovan were appointed a com
mittee on credentials, and alter a recess of
ten minutes they pre ented a report pre
senting the following list of delegates:
All presidents of former conventions, grand
marshals, orators, poets, and the officers of the
convention of 1896.
Youihs' Directi-ry — James J. GilJea, Thomas
P. Crow ley, John S. Banncrma ■, Thomas
Waters, David J. Costellu
St. Joseph's Union— Frank Tonkin, J. J.
Douohne, George J. Gallagher, Harry Meagher,
Dr. J. W. O'Rourke.
St. Patrick's Mutual Alliance— P. H. McGln
neny, William J. Byrnes, M. J. Gorman, E. T.
Barren, P. H Fi nn.
Knights oil St. Patrick — Jeremiah Deasy,
Jonn jliilherti, Thomas F Barry, Daniel Con
don And Fr«nk Shea.
Tyrone, Fermanagh and Donegal Club— John
Devany, Peier O'Brien, John Semple, Bernard
Gormau, P. J. Tumey.
Knigtits of the Red Branch— James Caniffe,
Dr. T. J. Galran, James A. Foley, P. J. Sullivan,
Charle? F. Sheehan.
C<unty Leitnm Social Club— R. J. O'Reilly,
P. M. McGushin, M. J. Moran, W. Gilheamy,
Thomas Uoran.
Kulgnts oi Tar;i— M. J. Connolly, Daniel Cal
ahan, P. J. Morrow, M. J. Hart, M. Dempsey.
K. R. B. Rifl-s— D. J. Nichols, D. 8. McCar
thy, James B. Walsh, O. B. Reiily, Joan Burns.
State Council St. Pa i rick's Alliance of Amer
ica— R. D. Mulevany, John Kirby, H. J. Cav
eny, W. H. Donovan, F. P. Hunt.
Excelsior Branch, St. Patrick's Alliance-
James Devine, Michael Dolan, R jbert Wnson,
Daniel Collins, Jeremiah Brosnan.
Pacific Alliance, St. Patrick's Alliance— J. F.
McDonald, W. J. Hayes. M. C. Heaiey, John
Hurley, Richard Foley.
Unity A liancp. St. Patrick's Alliance— Peter
Tannary, M. J. Warren, J. Hennessy, William
Muloin, J. B. Cosgrave.
Harmony Alliance, St. Patrick's Alliance— J.
Ganey, Charles O'Brien, J. J. Duun, Thomas
McKeown, James McGushin.
County Board, A, O. H. of America— Jerome
Deasy, J. 8. McEviliy, J. t. Renault, J. P. Dig
naii and Bartley Lee.
Division 2, A. O. H. of A.— Patrick Brandon,
Martin Troacey, Daniel Sheehan, John Kenuy,
Jere Keileher.
Division 3, A. O. H. of A.— John Ryall,
Charles J. O'Connor, Dr. Douglass, P. M.
Nevine, M. H. McCiifferty.
Division 5, A. O. H. of A.— M. J. Wrin, John
H. Noian, Tnomas E. Willey, John Rooneyand
M. Walsh.
Division 8, A. O. H. of A.— M. J. Fitzgerald,
Charles McChrystal, J. H. Maginnis, J. J.
Moran and J. F. Gorman.
Division 9, A. O. H. of A.— J. C. Ryan, P.
Manning, E. Nolan, T. Boland and P. Flana
gan.
Division 10, A. O. H. of A.— J. P. O'Connell,
J. H. Dolan, M. McManus, John Coughlan and
Dan Kelly.
Division No. 11, A. O. H. of A.— J. D. Roche,
P. J. Kelieher, Michael Leary, D. i'itzpairlck,
K. J. Hannon.
Division No. 12, A. O. H. of A.— M. Morrisev,
J. E. White, Florence Driscoll. J. Doneliey, j.
Doyie.
Division No. 14, A. O. H. of A.— Dr. Hugh
Lagan, Eugene McCov, J. J. McConvilie, John
E. Ben man, Jotin C. Henry.
Division No. 15, A. O. H. of A.— Thomas Ward.
T. B. Hiliard, Tnomas Byrnes, William Collins,
J. Muilins.
D. vision No. 16, A. O. H. of A.-L. C Cull,
Patrick Beggins, P. F. Duggan, P. F. Donohue,
Johu Daly.
Division No. 17, A. O. H. of A.— M. O. Ma
hony, P. Kelly, F. Desmond, William Mc-
Cartuy. Wi.iiam McEnerny.
Division No. 20, A. O. H. of A.— Eugene
O'i onnor, \\ illiam O'Shaughuessey, James A.
O'Brif n, John O'Neill, Michael McAvoy.
Celtic Union — Dr. P. J. Couran, Joan Murphy,
Thomas Lyous, Peter McKeon, John Bohen.
The committee declared that these dele
gates were entitled to beats in the conven
tion.
John Mulhern was elected permanent
president and J. J. Moran recording sec
retary. The other permanent officers will
be elected next Sunday.
Resolutions were introduced by C. J.
Flanagan requesting Senators White and
Perkins to vote against the proposed treaty
with England. The resolutions urged
that the pretensions of England were not
in good faith, as she was strengthening
her fortifications on the frontier. They
were unanimously adopted.
A resolution was adopted calling for the
appointment of a committee of five to
drult resolutions of respect ior the mem
ory of Daniel F. Hanlon, a iormer presi
dent of the St. Pa rick's day celebration.
After this the convention adjourned to
meet next Sunday.
JAILEES IN UNIPOEM.
Chief Sattler and Liis -quad Will Don I
the Gold and Blue.
Chief Jailer Andrew Sattler at the old
County Jail on Broadway is determined \
to have the officers under him put on a j
smart and neat appearance by donning a
uniform. This innovation the chief con
siders necessary in order to have the
jailers distinguished from trusties and
visitors.
"It often occurs," said he, "that
strangers who desire to visit the jail are j
as lik^iy to address their conversation to
one of the trusties in asking for informa- |
tion as tney are to one of the Deputy i
Sher.ffs on duty. And again, we all recog- j
nize the fact that uniforms command a
respect and obedience not always accorded |
an officer in citizen's clothes.
"Then again, the officers will look Better j
and their positions will be more easily dis
tinguished by all about the prison. This
innovation, of course, mcc s with the fuii j
approval of Sheriff Whelan and with that j
of every man about the jail in authority. 1 '
The un.form to be worn by the jailers
will consist of a sack coat with brass I
buttons, a cap with a gold device in iron; ;
and the word "chief,'' or "captain," or j
whatever position the wearer may rill, is |
wrought in gold letters inside the device. I
The cap worn by the chief has a heavy i
band of gold with a cord in front of the i
same material. The other officers lack j
the gold band, but have their office i
wrought in gold in front. The material is j
blue cloth, and when stripped of its brass j
buttons, can be worn on the street.
Although Constantinople looks superb
from a distance, it is, perhaps, the dirtiest
town in Europe.
BUTLER AND THE
BARK ALEXANDRA
Attempted to Beguile the
Chief 0 fic^r From
His Vessel.
Told Tales of Fabulous Wealth
to Be Found in the Gold
Mines.
Arriv 1 of the Sncw and Burgess
I hat Sailed a Day After the
Swanhil.a
The arrival, of Murderer Butler is still
the one subject discussed on the water
front. When the American bark fnow
and Burgesa hove in sight off the Fara
llons every one began figuring on the
chances of her being the gwanhilda.
When the ye sel was made out then there
was a rush to figure out the number of
days she was out from Sydney and to
compare her time with that of the Swan
hilda. The result showed that the Snow
and Burgesa sailed a day after the British
ship, but has beaten her into port. Toe
captain of the Snow and Burgess reports
nothing unusual as having happened
during the voyage. He made the run
direct for San Francisco, and if reports to
hand can be reiied upon the Swanhilda
went south and made her way around the'
Fiji Islands. It was in the neighborhood
of ihe group that she was spoken by the
Union Sie;imship Company's Taupo and
papers put aboard telling about the mur
ders. The Hawaiian Isles also made the.
southern passage and got in here without
sighting the Swanhhda. Still that is not
to be wondered at, as the Hawaiian Isles
sailed several days before the Britisher.
Chief Officer Blackstoclc of the British
bark Alexandra has a story of his own to
tell about Butler. His vessel is chartered
to loa lumoer at Puget Sound for West
Australia, and is tnus going back to the
scene of the recent murders. The vessel
is now lying in Mission Bay and will load
there for the voyage to Australia.
The Alexandra came here from Sydney,
and it was only by the merest chance that
Chief Officer Blacks tock came on her
While the vessel was lying at Circular
Quay, Lee Weller (Butler) put in an ap
pearance and made the acquaintance of
all on board. He told long stories about
ricii gold mines and places where gold
could be washed out of the sand at the
rate of $50 a day. Blackstock had over
$500 coming to him from the ship, and he
decided to draw it out and invest it in one
o; Butler's ventures. Something came in
the way and Butler *vent to the mines
without Blackstock for a companion.
Early in October last the two men met,
and after a mutual agreement it wns
decided to leave for the mines on October
10. A few days later a hitch occurred, and
on October 19 the Alexandra sailed for
San Francisco with Chief Officer Black
stock in his old position.
The Alexandra is well known in San
Francisco. The la»t time she visited this
port ncr cargo of coal was on fire and the
insurance company lost considerable ,in
consequence. From here she will co to
HEW TO-DAT.
THE SAN FRANCISCO I
BLACK GOODS I
HOUSE. 1
I BLACK FREXCII BROADCLOTH,
M 54-inch, worth $1 50, ||
I $1.00 Yard. |
I BLACK EKLISIfcfIEVJOT, I
M 56-inch, worth 85c, M
I 60c Yard. |
I BLACK ETAmSFsOYELTY, 1
1 v 43-inch, worth $1 40, H
I $1.00 Yard. |
I BLACK BOUCLOOUVEAUTE, 1
I 50-inch, worth $2 50, fa
I $1.50 Yard. I
|j Mourning Outfits— Measures h
h taken at your residence, fitted g|
H there and made up in 24 hours, H
ra and entire satisfaction as to fit, |
1 material and price guaranteed. g
I It. T. REMEDY COMPANY, j
i 23 Geary St.,. Near Koarny. |
| Telephone Grant 513. - |
REMOVAL NOTICE.
LADD'S GUN STORE
HAS REMOVED TO 421 KEARNY STREET.
Fire Arms, Wishing Tackle and Sporting Roods.
Highest Cash Price for Haw Furs a I kinds. .
Btff TO- D VY — AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUS£
iiK&hßNkiiiiKlt Kkkt.tn- i. Proprietor .£ Jtau*;*:
TO-MCfIaCT— FIV.. NIGHTS ONLY.
Wallace's Ballad Opera, '
"MARITAIMA!"
GKEAT CAST!
Correct Costumed I Beautiful Scenery !
Beginning Xeit Saturday, January 30,
OUB UP-TO-DATE EXTRAVAGANZA,
ALADDIN,
Or, THE WONDERFUL LAMP.
A Hodge-Podge of
Mirth, Music, Ballet and Beauty.
Ponula- Pr1c«8...."......250 '- I "503
A I All 7 Mil MIKTH! MIRTH!
£11 U/liK LAI'UHiER!
HLUrlfaHn Ft ; tux!
XU-.l .»n . TO-NIGHT!
The Great Laughing Success.
"ALL THE COMFORTS OF HOME."
"Alt THE COMKIIRIS OK HOME."
"ALL THr. COMFOBIS OF HOME."
:« : ■ lhr-e Solid Hours of Hilarity!
HUGO TOJLAND . I Keappearaaca of
;, And ail the Favorites. |__ . J. B. PuLK.
Oar Regular Prices. . Phone for seats— BlacK 991.
SUTRO BATHS. 
Open Daily From 7A. I. to 6 if. M.
Swimming Season 1897.
Bathing, It. eluding Ail mission— Adults
25c. Children 4 >c.
General Admission, XOci tliildrea, sc,
JTEW TO-DAr -
,| Naked Pills
] , are fit only, for caked say- |»
'■ i|> ages. Clothes are the marks v!
>) of civilization— pills as well I \
jo as people. A good coat does J 1
■"-'(?" not make a good pill, any more | > .
,J> than good clothes make a good <i [
],s man. But as sure as you'd <j'
<| look on a clothesless man as a J 1
,'> mad one, you may look on a <t\
{ \) coatless pill as a bad one. $'
1? After fifty years of test no < ( [
S) pills stand higher than <j!|
AVER'S
I Cathartic Pills jj
S SUGAR COATED. i'
Puget Sound and there load lumber for
the Coolgardie mines. • The chances are
that 3 c will still be in port when the
Swanhilda arrives, and no one will await
her appearance with greater interest than
the mates of the Alexandra and the
Hawaiian Jsles.
QUAIL AEL PLENTIFUL
Seven Sportsmen Bag Over 1 orty-Five
Dozen at Mcas.o in a few Hour*.
Birds are more than usually plentiful
this season in Marin County if the exDeri-
ence of seven well-known sportsmen is to
be taken as a criterion.
M. McNeil, P. Mclntyre, P. F. E. Steiner,
K. S. Polastri, P. Hansen, L. Carruine and
J. Banks left for Nicasio by the 1:45 p. m.
train Saturday. As soon as they put up
their traps at McNeil's hotel they hurried
off to begin the sport, and kept it up until
darkness set in.
Yesterday morning they were up bright
and early, and when they finished in time
to catch the afternoon train for the return
journey, they had bagged over forty-five
dozen birds, mostly quail, being on an
average six and a half dozen for each gun.
• » •
Tea is gathered from the plant four
times a year.
MEW . TO-DAT.
Your grocer will sell you
a package of Schilling's Best,
and return you your money
if you don't like it.
We put him up to it.
All we want is a chance
to give your money back.
A Schilling & Company
San Francisco 517
SEW TO-DAT— AMCSEMEKTS.
BALDWIN THEATER.
Ai.ii.AYMA.N- it Co. (Incorporated) rropKusj.-i
To-ivrzaßT
TWO WEKKS ONLY.
MODJESKA
AssisteJ by the Sterling Actor, Mr.
JOSEPH HAWORTH
AND COMPLETE COMPANY.
To-Night and the Next Four Mghts and
Saturday Matinee,
Saderruann's Great Play,
" IMLJL.G-ID
Saturday veiling, "MAKY BIUABT."
Next Monday, Tuesday and Saturday
nights, BETH."
•1 haraday. Feb. 4. by universal request, "ADKI-
ENNE LECOUVKEL'R." •
Regular Baldwin prices.
Seats now selling for all performances-
. ___
tWCDLAnfItJLCOTTIODft »• u»«A.iDriAnMKi—
IN 8 j PERFORMANCES
We Estimate That We Turned Away
Just About 5000 People Last Week.
OXIjX O.MS MOSb WEEK!
Commencing: To-Night
And Everything: New in
DEVIL'S AUCTION!
Three Tons of Massive cenery.
Three Famous Premieres.
A Dazzli. vveaiiu of .Resplendent
Mac i (licence.
The Acme of 3pectacl&
The Per ection of Elaborate Display.
FiveOrand Ballets.
Beautiful 'Iran form* tons.
! Next Monday '';H- PK DfGAL FATHER."
I
MOROSCO'S
! GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
I WAi/LEK MOROSCO...sot9 Lessee and Manama;
FUN — -EXCITKMENT FUN
Initial Production on the Pacific Coast of
! "ORPHANS OF SEW YORK!"
A Sensational Comedy Drama of Life
in a Big City.
3— BIG FIKK SCENES 3
Splendid Scenery! strengthened Cast!
Many Funny Specialties !
Evenlns Price*— l iio, a.'o and 111.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
ANOTHER BOUNTIFUL BILL!
•7 THE FRANTZ FAMILY *7
The Most Wonderful Acrobats on Earth.
ALCIDE CAPITA NE, the Female sandow.
— BKSSIR CLAYTO >
The Renowned "Back-Kick" Dancer,
AND GRISAT OLIO OF NOVELTIES!
Keserved sea. 3. :;sc; .balcony, lUc; upera-caalri
and box-seats, 50c.
Th» Hungarian Orchestra in concert in the Or-
pht-um Annex immediately after the performance.
PEOPLE'S PALACE.
Cor. Eddy and Jones Sis.
IMiS MOM~Y, JANUARY 25.
BRISTOL'S
MARVELOUS PKRFOKMINO
HORSES,
PONIES AND MULES.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
At the matinees all children get a free pony ride.
Price 5..... ................. 10c, aoc. 3Jc. 50c.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB
( NGLESIDE TRACK).
The only Ferieci Winter Racetracic iv America.
RAW g^k£ RACIJ
Racing From Monday, Jan. '2 3, to Satur-
-1 - ' day, February 6, Inclusive. /
Five or Sore Races Daily, Rain or Shine.
FIRST KACE'AT 8 P. M.
Take Southern Pacific . trains at Third anl
Townsend sts. depot, leaving at 1 and 1 :20 p. it
Fare for Round Trip, including Ad-
mission to Grounds. SI. OO.
laictt Mlsslon-sL electric line direct to tract.
The Tarpey Stakes Saturday, January 30.
' The Uobart stakes Saturday, February 8.
a. B. s^KtcKiiLa, i'resiUtat.
W. S. LsAKXt beciatary.
78
ARE UNITED IN
FRATERNAL BONDS
Last Thursday evening California Lodge No.
1, F. and A. M-, was honored for the forty
eeventh time by the annual visit of William
Schuyler Moses, who, with one exception, is
the oldest living Mason in term of Masonic
service in the State of California.
Mr. Moses had received permission from the
■worshipful master to enter the lodge room in
the costume that prevailed in the very early
days of California, when he first joined the
order in this State. The visitor, a tall man,
•who is getting well along in years, but who
etill looks like a ma;, of 50, with full long
black whiskers, a kindly face and sharp black
eyes, passed through the portal attired in lone
jack boots, pantaloons tucked into these, and
trie pantaloons, which had seen some rough
usage, had been patched in places with ma
terial of another color, put on with "home
ward bound stitches," a blue shirt and DlacK
cravat lied in a hard old-fashioned knot. The
pantaloons were neld up with a bright red
si ken sash, one of those that was the pride ol
the natives before Fremont came to California.
6:ung to bis right side in a holster was one of
Colt's single-action revolvers and in the ri«ht
bootleg was seen the handle of a twelve-inch
bowie-kni:e, "rough, but always ready." On
his head was a brown vicuna sombrero, one of
those which a gentleman of the period deemed
requisite io complete his toilet. In that Ftiire
the visitor was a correct type of the miner of
early California, jusi as he was iti the days
when gold was washed in the pan and in the
WILLIAM S. MOSES, the Miner-Mason of 1650.
cradle. To make him the miner-Mason he
wore the emblematic apron, one which had
been his father's and by him worn in 1821 in
Valley Lodge, -No. 109, in Rochester, N. V., at a
time when there was a great excitement, which
was known as the "Morgan exposure," lie also
wore a pin which LelongeU to his father and was
adopted during tbe Morgan excitement to enable
brothers of the order to recognize one another.
Th- venerable visitor was met at the portal by
Franklin H. Day, pa<t master of California Lodge,
who ed him to the altar and presented him to the
worshipful master, who In turn mviteu htm to a
seat on bis right, in th" east.
The visitor before taking his seat, addressing the
worshipful matter, stated that his surroundings
reminded him of the lai t that he w:-s in t lie lodge
room and in the midst of brothers, and there being
no further use for arms therefor* would remove
ouch as be had, and did so— the knife and revolver
were placed out of sight under the old sombrero.
Then there was the conferring of the second de
gree in due form, after which M»j r E. A. Sher
man of Oakland, himself one of the pioneer Masons
ot th? -ta .c a' d tires id en I of the Masonic Veter
ans of the United States, naves review of the Ma
sonic work of the venerable visitor. He stated
1 hat he ml one of the two living members in Cali
fornia who were present oil April 19, 1850. when
the Grand Lodge of irornia was instituted, the
< thcr member heine Johc A. Ti.u ot Woodland,
Yolo County, past grand master of the Grand Lodge
of California. «ho is now in his eighty-fourth year,
and staled that the visitor was present at. the elec
tion of the lat • Jonathan D. Stevenson as most
worshipful grand master of the Grand Lodge of
(3a ifornia He also stated that the visitor is, with
lhe exception of Mr. Tutt, the oldest past master
by service.
Further in giving in detail the Masonic history
of ' the ol i miner- Ma'on." Mfior Sherman stated
that he has been prominently identified with Ma
sonry In this State from the earliest limes: that, be
was master of Golden Gate Louge iv ISSVS and
since then has filled almost every station from
minor offices to that of venerable grand master of
the Scottish Kite; that he is the «iand Bible
bearer of the lodge, it being customary to confer
on the oldest member of the lodge the honor of
bearing the holy wrniugs.
Mr. Moses enjoys the proud distinction of being
the only Mason in the Stale of « alilornia upon
whom the Supremo Council of the southern juris
diction of the United states (mother council of
the wond) Ancient and Accepted Scottish Rite
of. Freemasonry has conferred the order of the
Grand Cross. A feature of this ord-r is that it
can be conferred upon but one In earn State, and
cannot be conferred on another .while the one
upon whom li was conferred lives. He is the first
forma Mason who has received this honor, and
mere are but four others iv Hie United Mates who
are members of the ord»r of the Grand Cross— <>na
in Uregou. another in Washington, ibe third in
the District, of Columbia mid the lourth in lowa.
He Is also ill.- ol<. eM. member <>f the Older of tho
KhStern Star in the Male « f Califoru.a, having
with Mrs. Addi* Warren Moses, his wile, organ
lz-d Golden Gale Chapter In 1869.
At the close of Major Sherman's v-ry interest
ing remarks Mr. Moses or as he piefers lo be
called. "Uncle Bnly," was called upon by the wor
shlpml master tor reminiscences ot Masonry in I
the early ilnys. What be ;o.d wou d till ■ book, i
and it was pleasant to the older members auU iu
siructlve as .t «as entertaining 10 ihe yi linger |
one*, lie tol.i of the fitst m>-e in* pluce of Cali
fornia Loilce in a buiidiUK on the east *de of
Montgomery street, beiweeu Washington and
Jackson, the ledgeroom being on the garret floor,
the roof of which was so low that when a member,
who w as seated on aroiikh bench on either sid'-,
want d to address tlie roaster he was forced to
crouch and udvai ice three paces before he could
Una standing room, "ihe room was so low," said
ihe speaker, as he rubbed his hand over his bald
bead, "that 1 M-ru|>ed a,l the hair off my head
against the rufiers." And for this the mode t
rental of *100 ) a month was pa:d 10 Colonel Stev
enson, if it had been convened into a sleeping
apanment with ordinary bunks, steamooat
tii.-hion, tne iodgeroom would have brought in
f a rrfontli .0 the owner.
The SHveril s a ious were ordinary packing
cases covered wiiii c.o . h, the altar was an ennty
case that once held boo: s, the candelabra was '
a block of wood with three boles bore i into it, to
hold the three lights, and these were common can
dles, a small square t lock of wood with tbr-e
nails driven in v served as a ca:idle-stlck for the
secretary, and candles on a strip of boar.i at ea> h
end o ibe room furnished the iiluminat:on. The
inteiior of tue lodge was finished with printed
chintz lacked to the walls and rafter*. The de
sign of this was impoeslble peacoens roaajin*
through fields of fl wer . tba like ot which never
gie a-, still H was gaudy and it answered the par
pose. The entrance was from Jones' alley, a' that
FINANCIAL.
CHIGAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
and new york STOCKS.
WHEELOCK & CO.,
4 Leidesdorff St., Tel. Main 1954.
• CKNTRA I. OKFJCE
623 Market PL, Palace Hotel. Pur 1y & Atkinson.
Mima Tel. Matn 5144. ■
Cptown Office— Baldwin Hole: (KjljoiuineGrtll
Kootn). Tel. Main U9l.
PURDY. ATKINSON & CLAPP. Managers.
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo-
tatfonn Reference Ist National Bank, .s. F.
CHXCAOU yiUVAXK WIBJi K*W VOaK.
time as important a thoroughfare as Is now the
southern end of Kearny street. no also to d' of
the »enerosl;y of the old-time Maso is. He saw:
•The poor we always hi.ye ha i with us. and when
the hat was placed on the altar there was always
a good response. r*ome would throw in doub
loons others half noubloous. others nuggets, some
a Louis (Tor. and once In a while an American »i
litre would appear among tba contributions: but
American ruou<y was scarce in those days. It
was nothing unusual to rind from three to four
burn red dollars in the bat."
'•Uncle Billy" then told or the growth of the or
rier in this City and Hate, of the growth of >an
Francisco, and then del, vered an address to the
young men, taking fir his texi "Never judge a
man by the clothes lie wears," illustrating his
ideas with several anecdotes of personal experi
ence in Ca lfornta Masonry. '
. Masonic Notes.
i Grand Secretary Johnson is sending out the pro
! ceedings of the last held grand communication of
the grand lodge of California. be grand sec
retary is commended for sending out the proceed
| ings so soon after ice closing of the grand bodr,
I a* ii is sooner lhan ever was dove by his piede
ces>or.
K. \V. sbaefT r, son of the late grand lecturer,
John U\ Miatffer. has been confined to bis home
i by illness lor several months. •
The annual meeting of the Masonic Cemetery
| Association ill be held on Tuesday. February -'.
Order E*»tera Star.
Ivy Chapter initiated candidates on last Tues
day.
Last Thursday CJo'den Gate Chapter was hon
ored by a visit from members of Mission Chapter:
there was ■ largo delegation.
Harmony Chapter will klvh an entertainment on
; the Uiird Fiid;iT in Febuary. Ivy Chapter Is
makiug arrangements for an entertainment some
i time next month.
Oak Leaf chapter will, it is stated, give an enter
tainment early in J'ebruary.
The Odd Fellow*.
Unity Lodge will receive a visit from Grand
Master J. W. War boys on the 29th and on that oc
casion will initiate a candidate.
The lod&e of Fresno aud those in the vicinity
will have a joint annual celebration on tne 15th or
Fer.rua.ry.
There will be an obtervance of the seventy
eighth anniversary of the foundation of the order
on the 26th of April Ht Santa Barbara. William
Henry Barnes, P. G. M., will deliver the principal
addresi.
The Veteran Association will visit Apollo Lodge
on the l-'th of February
Sunset Encampment of Alameda wi!l receive a
vl-l: from Oriental Encampment and Canton No.
Son Thursday next.
Crockett Loilg- will give an anniversary celebra
tion on the 4th of Febru»ry.
The lnitallation of officers of Kebeltkab Lodges
In District No. 7 orcurred as follows: Fair Oaks,
January 9: Brooklyn, January 11: A lamed a, Jan
nary 19; Teutoma 21. There was a large a;
tendanoe at each installation and ihe work was ac
complished in a very creditable manner. Mary
A. Randlett Is the dt-puty ior that district.
Ancient Order United Workmen.
Grand Recorder Htrshberg returned last even-
Ing from Chicago, where he had been In attend
ance at a meeting of the Supreme Relief Board.
Special Deputy Innes has reinstated AJhambra
Lodge with twenty-five members.
To-morrow nUht Unity Lodge proposes to hold a
meeting for the purpose of initiating a class of
thirty candidates.
Graml Master Vinter visited a number of the
lodges during the past week, and to-night he will
visit Bernal Lodge, san Mateo Lodge to-morrow
William S. Moses, the Business
Man of 1897.
night and San Lorenzo on Saturday. February 1
he will go to Rakersrield, '26 to Visaila, 3d, Tuiare:
4th. Hauf-ird: 6th, Traver: 6ih Porterviile; 9th.
San Hafael: 15th, Modesto: 16th, Newman; 17th,
Oakdale; 18th. Waterford, and ls»tb, Turlock.
Stockton Lodce is organizing a drill team and
will soon give screen woric.
Four hundred applications have been passed
upon by the grand medical examiner during the
current toon h.
Memorial day, on the 18th lnst., was generally
observed in the lodges of ihe State.
The crand master workman. William Vinter,
visited St. JohD Lodge last, Wednesday and made
a very eloquent and affecting address. District
Deputy Curtis and others also addressed the meet-
Ing.
lhe following named were installed officers of
Eureka Valley Loage last Thursday by .District
Deputy Hanson in Twin Peaks Hall: D. Meagber.
V. >l. W.: Thomas Davis, M. W. ; John Ties. F.;
James Howeil. O. : W. J. Cutbertsou, R.: John
Ban is, G. : J Sweu.son, I. W.: James Welsh, O. W.
After installation there was a banquet and a few
pleasant hours were spent oy the members.
Theatrical Mechanics.
At the last held meeting of the members of the
Theatrical Mechanics' Benevolent Association,
San Francisco Lodge No. '21. William U. Leahy
and Phillip Hastings were elected honorary mem
bers and each presented with a handsome gold
badge.
Friend* of the Forest.
Pioneer Parlor will have a-\ evening at home on
the evenin g of the 2d of February.
The institution of Bohemian l'ar or will take
place during the first week In February. It is an
nounced that there are forty names to the petition
for this parlor.
Lincoln Parlor will initiate five candidates on
i Thursday.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 25, 1897.
REAL ESTATE
MARKET REVIEW
Return of Former Pros
perity and Confidence
Is Slow.
The Situation Has Not Yet
Changed Materially for the
Better.
Ben fi:ia Eff cts in Country Property
bj Reascn of tb.3 Prospects for
Better Prices for Products.
The real estate situation has not changed
materially for the better as yet; but then,
considering the low ebb to which the market
had fallen the return to former prosperity and
confidence must naturally be slow.
California has, however, about turned the
long lane and will soon be looking ahead.
There has been no time in iis somewhat re- I
markable career when the future seemed more j
assured. In the early years of the State its
prosperity depended upon unstable in
dustries. Mining was then the chief
of our productive occupations and the
threat was alwnys over us that mining
uould soon cease to be profitable. So little
confidence was felt In the stability of our
mines tnat most men who were iortunate
enoush to realize early expectations took
themselves and their money to more stable
fields of enterprise.
Mining is still a leading industry, but is only
one of several. Even mining has ceased to be
the harvest it once was. Agriculture, horti
culture and manufactures are now tiving fair
returns to capital and labor. The tone of busi
ness has become more conservative. Men have
given up trying to make fortunes in a day
and are dawning on slow and sure profits.
In the last year or two the attention of capi
tal has been directed to measures to distribute
the money taken from people of the State. To
this end industries are being established to
supply the wants of our people.
Our look ahead embraces kindred factories
located on all ihe shoreline of the bay, refining
iron ore into steel and fashioning steel into
watchsprings and other forms of the higher
use; weaving cotton and wool Into cloth and
fashioning cioih into costly garments, and in
other ways, taking the low-priced raw mate
rial and adding to it a hundred-fold in value.
Our greater prosperity lies in the ucequa:ed
adVHntag s nature has given us to become one
of the (tieat centers of industry in the world.
Meantime we are moving in the right way.
The most notable event ot recent date has
been the construction ot the Valley Railroad
from Stockton to Fresno. The next year will
no douot witness the completion oi a line
from San Francisco to Bakerstield.
This railroad, under the control of men who
have the good of the State at heart, willl bind
the broad and rich San Joaquin Valley to San
Kran Cisco.
One enterprise will pave the way for an
other. Ihe succe>sof one will serve to show
what can be done with another. The oilier
forty-four States of the r-.ion hold out no
such promising field far investment in land.
A little of the energy that has often bten mis
directed in the past will put California in the
.'oremo-t group of States. There remains but
three years more of the ninet?enth century,
and within that time many of the things
herein predicted will be accomplished facts.
The outiook for better prices for wheat, fruit
and wine is good, but perhaps the most cheer
ing fact of all is that the wuU'r Injected into
the prices of farming lands by booms and
boomers has been nearly all squeezed out.
Hard times, low prlC3s for land products and
I many foreclosures of mortgates did this. All
I of these things were reckoned as misfortunes,
and they were misfortunes, too, but misfor
tunes no: without some compensation.
A very thinly settled and very extensive
country, with remarkable gifts in the variety
andvaiueof Its land products, has no need to
great as that of population, and we all know
that nine out of ten newcomers who in very
few cases are men of means, if iheycometo
live by tiliine the soil, o»n possibly buy laid,
especially fruit laud, at the prices to which it
had been biulooneU nve or ten years atro.
Land — the best of our ltuui — can now be
bought at one-third or one-half the prices at
which it was then selling. Ihat the vinous
events nnrned, which led to the general lower
ing of prices, involved nrucii misiortune nnii
punishment there is not ihe slightest doubt.
Tnat these misfortunes aud punishments were
wholly undeserved in some cases is undoubt
edly true, but the most of what happened was
inevitable and much of it was deserved.
The general result, in the much-deeded re
duction of price of land and the resulting en
courageuient of real set tiers u> buy it will, in
the end. greatly outweigh the uousiortuiiea.
Everybody, too, living off the soil, has been
taught the mucii needed les-son that those
who buy land must till it, and that to calcu
late that the enormous profits from fruit lands
which were reaped in seasons ot hi^h prices
and in isolated cases, would be general aud
continuous, was the height of folly.
Those, therefore, who bought at high prires
and mortgaged heavily to buy. as so ninny did,
were all fooled iv cv culatiug tnat tuey could
speedily 3ell out at a higher price to bigger
fools or more reckless speculators than them
selves.
In snort the old lesson has been learne*d by
farmers, after, many heavy stripes, that
economy, hard work and keeping out of debt
constitutes the only reliable road to progress
and create the only real guarantee of pros
perity.
REVIEW OF THE RECORDS.
Ninety-two deeds were recorded during the
past week.
The mortgages v.ere seventy-eight in num
ber, aggregating $273,113. Among them were
the folio wing : ,
Robert H. Hind to Letitia W. and Elizabeth
M. Hudson, $25,000 for one year at 7 per cent,
on property beginning at the intersection of
th« line dividing the I'nul Tract and the Hud
son Tract with the west line of Railroad
avenue, northeast 21.43 chains, northwest
31.27 chains, southwest 18.15 chains, south
east o<».2;j chains, excepting therefrom blocks
470, 483 aud 496 of South Sin Francisco
Home*:ead and Railroad Association and
200x200 feet on the northwest cor
ner of Twenty-fourth avenue and L
street, also excepting two other acres ot
property in tne South San Francisco
Railroad and Homestead A^s cintion;
Hibernia Bunk to Abraham Morris, $3000 for
one yeßr at I>J^ par cent, on properly on the
south line of tvicramemo street, 57:3 west of
Pteiner, 25:10x120; Mine to David A. Fellows,
$4000 lor one year at (ij.j percent, on property
«iq ti.e southeast Corner of Filbert and Lyon
streets, 147:3x137:0; same to John H. Good
lich, $5950 f,)r one year ai o>£ per cent, on
property on the south line ot Fulton street,
137 :ti west of Laguna, 45:10x120; same to
U. s nve NeubtTo'er and Oliver EL Martin,
$7200 for one year a« ti\4 per ceiit, on property
on the north line of Liberty street, 180 west of
Guerrero, 75x114; by the German Bank to
Bertha aim Chanes Cellarius, $6000 for one
year at 7 per cent, on property on the south
line of Vallejo street, 100 east of Buchuuau,
37:6 by houtn 137:6; by the Hiberuia Bank to
Pierre and Marie Priet, $30,000, for one year
at (s><£ per cent, on property on the north line
of O'Farr.-li street, 137:6 west of Powell, west
63 by north 137:6; by the same to Annie R.,
John N. and Carter P. Poraeroy and Harriet
H. Thompson, $13,000, for one year at 6% P er
cent, on property on the northeast corner of
Hvdeand Clay streets, north 68:9 by east
137:6: by the German Back to Will 0. Hayes,
$11,000, for one year at 7 per cent, on prop
erty on the southwest corner of Devisadero
and Post streets, south 125, west 100, north
50, east 25, north 75, east 75; by the Hibernia
Bank to Alary W. Newman, $20,000, lor one
year at 6)4 per cent, on property on the north
line of Bush street. 100 feet west of Van Ness
avenue, west 137:6 by north ISO; by the same
to Joseph A. Oliver, $20,000, for one year at
0% per cent, on undivided half interest on the
northwest corner of Mission and Kigntti
streets, southwest 275 by northwest 275;
by the same to Abraham Aronson, $30,0w0,
for one year at 6% per cent on property on tne
north line of Geary street. 165 west of Powell,
west 50 by north 137:6; by the same to L.
Elkus, $7200, for one year at OV£ per cent, on
property oc the north "line of Pact tic avenue,
108 east of Fillmore street, east 29:6 by north
127:8 V*: by the same to Edward Deady, $10,
-000, lor one year at 6JJ per cent, on prop
erty on the north line ot Hayes street, 60 cast
of Laguna, east 40 by north 120; by Sarah
J. Newman to William H. and Lily I. Roden,
$8500, for three years at 6U per cent, on
property on the north line of vaileio street,
188:10 west of Fra;,kiin, west 50 by north
137:6; by t lie Hibernia Bank to Louise
.Moi.ser, $6000, for one ye»r at O^j per cent on
property on the w,eat line oi Pierce street, 148
south of Union, .--outh 75 by west 137:3; by
the same to Nellie Bernard (Brown), $6000,
ior one year at OJ^ per cent on property on the
northwest Hue of Market street, 85:11 south
west of Sansome, southwest 34:6, north 83:2,
east 20, south (58:43,2.
The re.eases iiuiii >'r'»d thirty-nine nnd were
fora toial of- $139,851, among which were
the following: • -....
--i From the Ilibernla Bank • to Mo3es. Gusta
vus, Nathan and Abraham Rosencraniz, $16,
--000 on prorertvon the east ■ line •nt sixth
street, 75 feet north of Bryant, 75x1(50 feet;
from the German Bank to Jane Burkhead,
$6000, on property northeast corner of Pin«
and Lacuna streets, 22:11x01:8 feet; lrom
the Hibtnia Buik to Otto, Leonard and
August Lan?, $12,000, on . i.roperty oi 'he
north line of E lie street, 26 feet west of Web
ster, west 11*2:6, norm 120, east 45, south 52,
east 67:6, soutu 68; from August Klalm to
Fannie S. Downing (marginal), $11,945 on
properly on tho southeast corner of Twentv
fourth and Castro s i re -ts, south 114 by east 80;
by Me Hibernia Bank to Simon BieneL,sls.ooo,
on property on the southwest corner of Pierce
and .Suiter streets, south 87:6 by west 87:6;
from Kdouard J. Le Breton to Juan de Cirua, :
$8000 and $2500, on four pieces of hind as in
deed from \Le Breton to Costa, and from the
same to Arthur Cirna, $3000, on the same se- i
curity; from the German Bank to Daniel W.
and Marietta L. or Mary L. Parkhurst and
Sarah A. Hoag, $20,000, on property on the
north line of Liberty street, 180 feet vest of
Guerrero, west 75 by north 114, and on the
north line of Liberty street, 275 feet east of
Guerrero, east 50 by north 115; anil from the
Humuoldt Bank to Christian Bain, $10,000,
on property on the northeast comer ot Solano
and Tennessee streets, north 245 by east 100,
and on the east line oi Teuues-ee street, 38
feet south of Mariposa, south 62 by east 100.
NEWS ITEMS.
A petition will be tiled by the Ashbury
Heights and Stanyan - street Improvement
Club this eveniuK with the Supervisors, ask
ing that body to grant the MarUct-street com
pany a franchise on Masonic avenue, from
Pate to Oak; on Clayton from Frederick to
Carl, and on Carl from Clayton to Cole. The
Market-street Railroad Company has acted
lavorably upon. the request of the improve
ment clubs in the neighborhood fur the con
solidation of the Carl and Frederick street
lines, and the citizens in the district will
make the request to the Supervisors to lurther
the intentions of the railroad company. The
two electric roads will be operated as one
system as soon as an additional franchise can
be obtained for three blocks which are neces
sary in order to combine the routes.
A contract has been awarded Warren <fc Mal
ley for the grading of Polk street, between
i Greenwich and Lombard, cents per cubic
foot.
11. E. Poehlman reports the sale of a lot4ox
120 feet on the northwest corner of Vailejo
and Lacuna streets tor $7500; also a lot
83J i feot on Mission road, near China avenue,
for $4750.
The congregation of Calvary Presbyterian
Church have decided tp purchase a site for a
n. w building, and the lot, 100x125 feet, at the
corner of Jackson and Fillmore streets, in all
probabilities, is the land for which they will
bid. This implies the sale of the lot at Geary
and Powell streets, us it is stated by members
of the board of trustees that t:ie new building
will not be erected until the old site has been
disposed of.
Burnham & Marsh Company report the sale
of the two flats oa the northwest line of Ches
ley street, 225 feet northwest of Bryant, 25x
75, for $2000. sold for R. R. Murphy to Mlch
ae. OKeeie; also lot on northwest line of
Shinley street, 50 feet southwest of Falmouth,
25x85," for William McQueeneto Dennis Bros
nan, lor $2150; also property on the north
line oi Fourteenth street, 143 feet, east of
Guerrero, to Louis Kiscner, for $6100.
G. H. Umbsen & Co. will hold their
next public sale on tne Ist proximo. The cat
alogue for the occasion will be ma r .le up of
property to be sold by order of the Public Ad
ministrator by order of referee.'
Charles J. Campbell & Co. hold an auction
saie 10-day of Cny property ai the firm's sales
rooms, 224 Montgomery street. Some Kich
mond lots, improved aud unimproved, a let
near the panhandle of the park, a Western Ad
dition cottage and a tine home on California
street will be among the offerings.
The property-owners who are included
within the Fell-street sewer district are at
present trying to devise ways and means for
raising the liens which are still on their lots.
Tnere are about 600 owners oi property whose
land is affected. Three years ago the lot-own
ers combined to fight the assessment on the
ground that it was illegal.
They each paid $2 per lot to their attorney
for lighting their ciaim. The a-s -ssinent was
declared illegal by the courts. Now the prop
erty-owners have been iuiorme'i that the lieu
will not be released until they pay *10 per lot
or produce a receipt showing that they paid
$2 per lot into the deiense iund. The book?
with the receipts showing*the names of those
who pail are missing. The property-owners
hope to find the boots or dev.se some means
of armntjiug the matter so that they will not
bs put to further expense.
Tue residents ol Hoffman avenue, Twenty
third and Douglass stretis, are agitating lor
belter lighting aud will file a petition with
the Supervisors asking tbat three electric
lights be given them in the district.
An auction sale will be held Dy Easton, Eld
ridge & Co. on Tuesday, February 2, when the
folio wiii* properties will be offered: Lota
68:9x53:6 and improvements on the south
east corner of Broadway and Mason street; lot
26:9x120 and improvements at 822 Post
street; lot 50x75 and flats at 33, 33}0 and 35
Moss street; oi 25x103 and dwelling at 216
Asiibury street, near Fell; 10t 25x137:6 on the
south line ol Oak street, near Devisadero; lot
60x52:6 on the southwest corner ol Pacific
and Jones streets; lot 22:6x110 at 2627 Sutler
uuee:, near Lyon ; lot 75x100 on Lisbon street,
near Italy avenue; lots 27:6x112:6 oa the west
line of Pierce street, south of Vallejo, and lot
22:11x100 on the east line of Pierce street,
north of Filbert.
The Larkm-street merchants want the Mar
ket-street r.nlroad company to issue transfer!
to the Larkin-street line. The Market-street
company has seven lines crossing Larkin
street ami the merchant! think thai it would
be no moru' than right for the company to
grant transfers, as it is deriving the benefits
from the electric lights at the crossings.
Tne Clarendon Heights Improvement Ciub
is to present a petition to the Supervisors ask
ing for an appropriation of $8000 from the
next tax levy lor the opening and grading of
Seventeenth'street through Mount Olympus,
so as to make a good road between the Park
and Mission district. There will be a 50-foot
cut, and the frontage is not valuable enough
to pay for the improvement, but the property
owners will put the street in good condition if
it is graded.
Yon Rhein & Co.'s auction next Thursday
has a miscellaneous catalogue, calculated to
be of interest to all classes of buyers. The
large corner, 75x125, on Sixth street is a fine
business investment. The McAllister-street
lot, 40x137:6, is admirably adapted for a
dwelling or flats. A line of some twenty lots
on Valencia, Mission, Jessie, Stevenson and
Thirteenth streets, together with some income
paying flats are on tne grounds formerly
known as Woodward's Gardens. TheDarolle's
French laundry property, with its large
grounds, will take the eye of laundry people,
'i lie Dolores-street lots become important be
cause they aro diagonally across from the new
Mission High School. Richmond district is
represented by a neat cottage and stable on
Third nvenue, near California street; the Mis
sion ty a line of lots on York and Twenty-sixth
streets and Serpentine avenue; the park by
flats on Tremor.t avenue, renting for $52, and
the northern part of the City by a cheap house
and two cottages on the corner of Greenwich
and Montgomery streets and some houses oil
Lafayette street, near Green.
' Explanation.
■ The arrow flies with the wind. The top figures
at station Indicate maximum temperature for the
days;" tboiu , underneath it. if. any, the amount of
rainrall, of melted snow in inches and lu.ndredtbs,
(luring • the ; past twelve hours. ,: Isobars, ! or solid
lines, connect.' vain s of equal. air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines,' equal temperature. The
word "hlKh" means high-, barometric, pressure and
is usually accompanied .by fair weather: ■: "low"
refers to low pressure, and : Is usually preceded
ami accompanied by cloudy ' weather and rains.
"Lows" usually first appear on the Washington
coast. When the pressure is high in thu interior
and low along <he coast, nn<l tbe lsohars extend
north and south along the coast, ruin Is probable:
butwlien the "low is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is linprob
able. Wilh a "liish" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather in winter. Tlie reverse of these conditious
will produce an opposite result.
WEATHEit HURKAU REPORT.
United States '. Dkpartment of AoKicnii
tubb. Wkather Bhkkau. SAy Francis-jo. Jan.
24. 1897, & p. m.— Weather conditions and general
forecast:
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compered with those of same date last season
and rainfalls during th» past tweniy-fonr hours:
Eureka 23. 8' inches, lint seaso ■ 21.74, past 24
hours. '.8 of an inch: Red Bluff 12.00, last season
10.35, past 24 hours .16: an Francisco 1 1.20, last
season 9.61, past 24 hours. o4: Fresno 4.73, last
season 3.14. past 24 hours .00; ■ **an Luis Obispo
9.70. last season 9.94, past 24 hours .00: Lo« An
geles 8.40. las', season 4.19, past 2* hours .00: San
Diego 6.52, last season 2.30. past 24 hours .00;
Yuma 4.62, last season .32, past 24 hours .00.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 54,
minimum 40, mean 50.
An area of high pressure lies over Montana and
the British possessions and is spreading slowly
southward. During the past twenty-four hours
there has been a rise of nearly tbr-e-tenihs of an
inch In pressure over Idaho, Western Montana,
Northern Oregon and Eastern Washington. There
has been a fall In pr gsore over Nevada ana South
ern California. Should this rise In pressure con
tinue southward decidedly colder weather will
occur Won- lay aiternoon and Tu<-sduy morning
In Utoh, Nevada and California. The tempera
ture has fallen rapidly over the northern half of
the Pacific slope, over the. southern half it has
remained nearly sta;lonary. except In the .Sacra
mento Valley, it has risen about 10 decrees.
Heavy rains have fallen ulonr the Washington
count and ths temperatures are now nearing the
freezing point.
A maximum wind velocity of 30 miles per hour
from the south Is reported from Fort can by.
The pressure distribution on to-nUhl's map war
rants the forecaster in giving warning to all fruit
growers in this State to nave their smudging ap
paratus in readiness lor Monday night and Tues
day. Frost, warning will be issued to-morrow
morning if the present unfavorable conditions
continue.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnight. January ib, 1897.
Northern California— Cloudy Monday; much
colder: fresh nor.herly winds.
Southern California— Cloudy Monday; colder;
light northwesterly win Is.
.Nevada— Snow Moiu&r: decidedly colder. x
Utah— Know Monday; decidedly colder.
Arizona— Probably showers Monday: colder.
San Fraud co and vicinity— Cloudy Monday;
colder; fresh northerly winds.
ilEXilMlllß McADE,
local i- "recast Official.
THE CAU CALENDAR.
January. 1897.
Mo.
W.
Th. Kr.
1
7 8
14 15
31 2U
28 29
•Sa.
Moon's Phases
MS New Moon.
; 327 Jan. 2.
r~"
4
9
/""ft First Qnanerl
\J) Jan. 10.
11
ia
16
23
©Full Moon.
QP Jan. 18.
17
20
27
30
.'/*\ Last Quarter.
4/ Jan. 26.
v^»-a_a-i SI t.AJ.^».3,
Dat<t« of Departure From Sun FrancUeo.
BTKAMKR li K.-*T I V A I I ■ 1 N.
KA I L*
| PIKR.
Orizaua
Alllancu....
Del None..
ABlanchard
Australia...
A real*
Coo* Bay —
Barracoula.
Km pi re
Czarina
sta:e or Cat.
Mexico
Colon
Suuol -
City i'uebla
iarallon
Kurelta
Colnmbla...
Mexico Jan ■_•;■. JUam
I'oos Bar Jan 25. Hpii
Grays Harbor. Jan 26, 3pm
Oregon ports.. Jan -'«. spm
Honolulu . Jan 26. 'iru
i.ooj Bay Jan L6.IU v
Newpor.. ....'.Jan 20. 1-1 v
Sa-t Josede G. Jan '.'6,12 Ml
| Coos Bay. Jan 27. 10a j
jCousJtSav Jan V?, Bpm '
Portland j lan I!W.lUam
s»n l)li>-a j.iaii . glUiii
Panama Jan 28.12 M
Uravs Harbor. Jan .8 12 M
Vie it P?t sna Jan 29. »am t
j Yaautu* Ha,-. ! Jan 81). 9a u !
[Newport :J«n 30. S*u
i Portions Feb l.HUii
I Pier 1 L
f ler 13
I
Pier 7
Pier IS
Pier 11
M 8 8
, Pier 13
! Pier 8
Pier 24
>'•■ 11
M S S
! Pier -i
Pier d
| pier 2
Pier 11
I ••lor 24
TO AJ.KIVE.
-1 AM KB
KroU
I>D
Aiicerkiaucmiru turiiuuu....
Del None Grays Hart>or.
City i'ueb.u I Victoria & I'uset. Kouni
State of Cai | Portland. ;
Empire.* „'.. I Coos Bay...
Snnoi. : Grays Harbor
Truckee TlllamoOK Bay
Alliaucu I Coos Bay..
Area: a Coos Bar
Czarina Coos Bay
Mexico -an Diego
Cieone.. i Crescent City
North Kors ... ' Huniboldi Bay
Sin Juan I Panama
Washtenanr ... Tacoma...
Corona j riurabold; Bay. .........
San Mateo Comox
Rurelca.. i Newport.
Karallon Yaqnina Bar ..........
Columbia I Portland.
Queeu San Dieg0.........
Walla Walla... j Victoria <£• PUKetSounJ
Snn Jos» Panama i
..Jnn 25
..Jan 26
..Jan 25
..Jag 25
..Jan 25
..Jan '25
..Jan 25
..Jan 25
..Jan 25
..Jan 26
..Jan 26
..Jan 27
..Jan 27
..Jan 27
..Jan 27
. Jan 27
..Jan Yl
..Jan 18
..Jan 28
..Jan 30
..Jan SO
..Jan 30
..Jan 31
E>l/A, Jioo.x a-Vj m id*;.
l/NITKP PTATKS TOAST A.YD GEOO'TIC SUBVKY
TMB AND HeIOBTH OK lilOH AND LOW
Watkks at Fo it Point. Kntraxck to
San Francisco Bay. Published by Offi
cial Authority of the bcpKKixTEXDisi.
Notk— The hinn and low waters occur at the
City Front (Minion-street Wharf) about twenty
live minu t>i later than at Fort i'oint. the height
of title la ihn same a', both places.
January — 1897.
Monday, January 25.
Pnnrt«w»... ... 72i>! Moon rts<*i : 0.14
Sun sets 5. V 6 1 Moon set*.
- li « |I, W! IH 'v
I Feet Tlme Few
I, W
■26
■27
28
29
30
31
j 4.05 i>.L iI.UO
4.55 6.3 12.14
6.49 5.4 1.25
LW H W
OHO ».O 6.48
! 37 8.0 7.48
2.42 3.0 H.4«J
3.34 3.0 9.42
O.:< 7.01
-0 2 8.32
B 5 2.27
5 5l 3 -21
5.6j 419
On 4.51
-0 6
-0.9
-10
— 1.0
0..1
a. i
11.24
H W
9.47
10.46
11.25
3.0
3.8
4.0
4.2
I I
Notk— In the above ezposltloo of the tides th«
early morning tides are given In the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day In th«
order of occurrence as to time. The second tlm«
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and :ho> last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when there are bat three tides, as sometlmaj
tccurs. The heights given are additions to llis
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, excopt when a minus sign (— ) precedes thi
height, and thfn the number given Is uubtractlv*
trom the depth given by the charts.
NOTICE TO MARlhfcßs.
A branch of the United States Hyrirographle
Office located In the Merchant*' Kxchanae Is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and tree of
expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete seta of charts and sailing
directions of the world are kept on ban! tor com
parison and reference, and the latest Information
can a: way* be obtained regarding lights, dangers
to navigation and all matters of interest to ocean
commerce.
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and Is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian, by
telegraphic signal received each da/ from the
United states Naval Observatory a. Mare Island,
Cal. ■ :. ;.,.>*..•
A notice stating whether the time ball was
dropped on time, or giving the error. if any, is
published the same day ny the afternoon papers.
and by the morning paper* the following 'lav. ;
'ii;:':^ £&■•': ■ ' ' W. K. Hushes, .
Lieutenant U. S. N.. In charge. .
SHlFl'i^li INTI.LLIU..-NCK
'-y-.hy*-:' ■ Arrive I. •' '' ' " .
; SUNDAY, January 24.
Stmr National City. Andresen, 65 hours from
San Diego, via Carptaterta 35 hours; 250 tons
asi.hai urn, to Alcatraz Asphalt Co. With schr
MazKte C Kus.i In tow.
Stmr Jewel, Madsen, 20 hours from Caspar;
34" -VI ft lumber, to Caspar Lumber Co.
Stmr Greenwood. Fagerlun i. 21 firs rrm Cleone;
bark. 10 L X While Lumber Co.
'Stmr Alcazar, Gunderson. -43 hours from
Newport -onto; ballast., to L E White Lumber Co.
Stmr Crescent City, Allen, 42 hours from Cres
cent City: pass and mdse. to Hobbs, Wall A Co.
Me stmr Costa Rica, Mclniyre, 8 a hours from
Departure Bay: 2400 tons coal, to R Dunsmuir &
Sons.
Stmr Willamette,- Holmes, 101 hours from
Seat !«•: as jo u>us coal, to Oregon Imp Co. -• •
Stmr Noyo, Levlnson. 14 hours lrona Fort Bragg;
pass and mdse, to J S Klmball. '
Htmr Coos Bay, ; Hal:. 73 hours from New
port, etc: pass ana mdse, to Goodall, Perkins & Co.
stmrNavnrro, Dusrsati, »6 hours rrom Ventura;
pro luce, to Gray <fe MitcheiL . v ,--, .
Star . Newsboy. f osen, 23 hours from Usal;
226 M ft lumber, to Usal Lumber Co. —
Bark Snow & Burgess, Mortens -u, 61 days from
Sydney; 2245 torn coal to J J Moore & Co.
_Hawuarlc Andrew Welch, Drew, iBy 8 days frm
Honolulu; pa<s and sugar, o Welch A Co.
• Schr Mary C, Campbell,. 10 hours from Bodega;
40 bxs butter, to Ross it Hewlett. '
bchr Maggie C Russ, Jacobson, 65 hours from
San Dle«o: ballast, to C A Hoope.- A Co. In tow
Ot stmr National City. -
Schr Christina Steftens, Nordltnß. 50 hours from
l.s<s Mill; 71 eds wood, to H A GHbride.
3fctl«Mt.
SATURDAY. January 2X.
Blmr Weeott. Miller, Menaocino. ■ >.'.>•
~ v SUNDAY. January 24.
St-nr Corona. Doran, Eureka. . *
srmr UmatUla, Hunter, Victoria ana Fort Town
■end.
Stmr Queen, Alexander, Ban Diego and way
ports. ' ". - " ' ■
Snip Colombia.' Nelson, rort Townsend. '•
Ship May Flint, Nickels. Honolulu.
Her ship Britannia. Hoesloop, Iquique.
Br shi:i OuwOnrn. Hunter, WU'-em.own.
Schr Chas K. i'alk, And.rson. Port Gamble.
i 'Aelejjrujniio.
POINT l-OBOS. Jan. 24— 10 m — Weather
hazy; wind NW; .velocity 14aiil8*.
. ? nolte'i.
Per Alcazar— Jan 23— In Santa Barbara Cnan
nel. 16 miles east of Point C'oncepclon. schr
Louisa D, wUii 160 sealskins. All well.
liomnun I'ori
PAN DlEGO— Sailed Jan 24— H B M stmr
Pheasant, for cruise.
Arrive i J»n -24— U •** stmr Monadnoclc, from
Port Los Angeles.
I'uKl los ANGELES— Arrived Jan 24— Stmr
Alcatruz. from Cleone; tv; Coil Is, hence Jan 22.
Malted Jan 24— Nor stmr Peter Jebsen, for Na
nainio.
N KNTURA— Arrived Jan 24— Str ueo Loomis,
hence Jan 23, and sailed for San Francisco.
COO.-i BAY— Sailed Jan 24-ri;rnrs Czarina, Km
pire and Alice Klanchnrd, for San Frauclsco.
KI'KKJiA- Arrived Jan 24— Schr Salvator, frm
Kan I'edro.- ■ '•
-~.an.-ii Jan 24— Stmr Scotia, for San Francisco:
schr Mabel Gray, for San Diego.
NAVAKRU— Arnvea Jan ii— Stmr Weeolt,hce
Jan 23. .
Sailed Jan 24— Stmr Whitesboro, for San Pedro.
MKNDOOI.NO-Air.ved Jan I'4-Stmr Point
Arena, hence Jan 23.
BOWENS LANDING — Arrived Jan 24— Schr
Monterey, hence Jan 23.
POKT TOWNNEND-Arnved Jan 24-3chr
Halcyon, hence Jan 7.
SKATTI,i£-Arrived Jan 24-Schr Geo W Wai
son, hence Jan 10.
NEW WHATUOM-Arrlved Jan 23-Scar Glen
dale, hence Jan 9.
foreign Port!.
VANCOUVER— Arrived Jaa 10-Ger baric
Arnold, iroiu Boc<champton.
sailed Jan ' 4— Br oark Clalrmont. for Delagoa
Bay. M— Br bark Port Adelaide, for Delagoa Bay.
Movements of Trans- Atlantic Ste*Tisrt
NEW YORK— Arrived Jan 24-S:mr La Gas
cogne. from Havre.
11 A VRE— Arrived out jan 24-Stmr La Cham
pa*
QI'EENSTOWN— Sai!el Jan 24-Stmr Umbria,
for New York.
PKA WLE POlNT— Passed Jan 24-Stmr South
ward, from New York for Antwerp.
IsLE UK WlGHT— l'aHsed Jan J4-Stmr Ken
sington, from Antwerp for New York.
Importation*.
NEWPORT— Per Coos Bay— l6o bis oranges, 2
hf-bbls wine.
San Pedro— 43 pkgs mdse, 25 ci baking powder.
10 bbls soap, 6 ska pine nuts, Ics dry goods, 7
roils leather.
East San Pedro— 3 pkgs mdse, 3 bxs butter, 496
cs canned nNh.
Ventura- scs honey. 1 bx butter, 28 sks dried
peaches. 104 bxs lemons, 10 bxs orange*, 2 cases
hardware, 7 picas tndae, 1 cs eggs.
Santa Barbara— 2 oxs butler, 3 pkgs mdse, 41 cs
lemons, 3 pkgs machinery. :
Ga\ to a— B2 sks corn, i bis butter, Ics epgs, 44
sks couHsn.
Port Harford— l cs oil, 48 pkgs mdse, 2 bdls dry
pelts, 26 bdls green hides. 16V2 cs eggs. 24 pkgs
furniture, 23 oxs butler, i 1 sks unions.
Cayucos— 1 tub 56 bxs butler, 14V2 csesjss. 4-0
sks uariey, 1 c^op chickens, 10 pkgs mdse, 1 bbi
tallow, 159 sks wneat, 27 dressed ca.ves.
Sun Simeon— 72-Va bxs butter, 51,3 ' s eggs, 1 0k«
nice, 1 sk aualonej, 6 bxs fish, 23 dressed calves,
60 sks oiirley.
Monterey— 2 pkgs abalones.
HONOLULU— Per Andrew We eh— 26,845 basis
rice. ... -
FORT BRAUG-PerNoyo— l bale dry goods, 1 3
pkgi mdse, 1 pkg cloaks, i pkg hardware, 217,391
f-e; lumber
CRESCENT CITY— Per Crescent City— 2oo cs
saimou, 2 cs 147 obis 21 M-bbls butter, 2 veal, 4
ci booKs, 0 cs meat. 6 pkjs mdse, 2 cs type, 3cs
bacou, — M tt lumber.
VENTURA— Per Navarro— l2s2 sks corn, 2633
Sk.s barley.
Hueneme— 22l9 sks beans, 129 sks corn.
Consignee*.
Per Coos Bay— Wetmore Bros: Gould <£. Jaudin;
\\ Inland & Frederlckson; D Biagi Co: A Nel
son; Hllmer, BredholTA Schulz; Williams. Brown
Co; Price Baking Powder Co: Troy Laundry
.Machine to; D X Allison <fc Co; W P Fuller & Co:
OB Smith & Co: I 'all on Bros; L Scalene & vo; I
W Wright: Wood. Curtis * Co; Harris Bros; CJ
Flsner: Miller, Sloss <£ Scott; Bassett & Bunker;
Dodge, Sweeney & on; Wieland Brewing Co; J de
Martial & Co. Wheatou, Brnoa & .0, APaladlnl:
American Union Fish Co: J B Inguglia: Lluvre,
Bru. »c & CO; Enterprise Brewery; H Dutard ; G G
Wlckson A Co; B.sainger <fc Co; Cosh ill & Koiin:
Russ, Sanders & Co; Marshall <fc Relmers: Labor
Exchange: Cti Whitney ACo ; Gets Bros <& Co;
HHeckman&Co; Wellman. Peck &v; Pacific
Coast Fuu co: Rossi. Hewlett; U Camlllonl «fc Co;
J H Keying: De Bernard! & CO; Standard Oil Co:
Norton, Teller «£ CO; Urticham, Hopue <t Co; Del
Monte Milling Co; WBSumner&Co; H Slaver;
Cal Bottling Co L D Stone Co; H H Sattler;
Western Meat Co; H Kirchmann & Co; A M Jord
dau: Schweitzer <& Co; Sacramento Fish Co: v> m
Cine <fe Co; f Url & Co; J McCreden; J M Hixou
<t Co.
Per Andrew Welch— Williams, Dimond<feCo:
Welch <feco.
Per Noyo— McPherson A Rucker; Matthews
Bros: Standard Oil C«: Baker <fc Hamilton: Union
Lumber Co; Buffalo Brewery: L A Witham.
Per Crescent City — Martin. Feusier it Co: ¥ Url
A Co: Dodge, Sweenev «sc CO; Thomas Longbran:
Geizßros&Co: SH Frank <& Co: A J Bednoe:
Amar 1 ress Assn: Norton, Teller & Co; Dr R F
Gray; Enterprise Brewery.
Per Navarro— Erlanger <fc Gallnger; J P Thomas:
H Dutard ; L Ste ler.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
PACIFIC COAST_STEAMSHI? CO.
STEAMERS LEAVE BROADWAY AflJ,
wharf, San Francisco, as follows: * i *'**r
For Mary Island, Lorln<, Wrangel, Jnnean. Kll-
llsnoo and Sitka (Alaska), at 9 a. m., Jan. 9, 24.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town- I
Bend, Seattle, T«com«, Everett, ADacortes and
New Wi aicom (Beilinebam Bay. Wash.}, 9a. it.
Jan. 4,9, 14, 19,24,29, and every fifth day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P. R.
R., atTacomm with N. P. R. R., at Seattle with U.
N. By.; at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
• For Kureka, Arra'.a anil Fields Landing (Hum.
i'Oldtßav), str. Pomona 'I r. m., Jan. 4. 8,12, 16,
£0. 21. 28, and every fourth day thereafter.
* For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon, Cayncos,
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gaviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, San Pedro, East San
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. if.
Jan. '2, 6, 10. 14, 18, 22, 26, 30, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harrord
(San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Los Aa-
peles. Kedondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
a.m. Jan. 4, 8, 12, 16, 20, 24, 28, and every fourth
day thereafter. •
For Enseoada, San Jose del (.a bo. Mazatlan, La
Paz and Guaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
a. m. 2Sth of each month.
"1 he Company reserves right to change steamers
or sailing dates. Ticket office— Palace Hotel, 4
New Montgomery street.
UOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen'l Agents.
10 Market si., San Francisco.
THEO.R.&N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
F»OR.TLiA3\r X>
From Spear-street Wharf, at 10 a. m.
FA ■DTT' f »13 First-class \ Including
.AJ.IJVi.S6 Second-class /berth <k meals
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Columbia .: Jan.2B. 2, 12, 22
State of California Jan. 28, Feb. 7, 17, 27
Through tickets and through baggage to all
Eastern points. Rates and folders upon applica-
tion to
F. F. CONNOR. General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO., Superintendents
COMPAGffIE GENERAL TRAISATLASTIQDB
French Line to Havre.
/COMPANY'S PIER(NEW),42 NORTH jjjfli
\j River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by ■t**G&Z
this line avoid both transit by English railway and
the discomfort of crossing the channel In a small
boat. iew York to Alexa idria, Kgypt, via Paris,
first class $160, second class $116.
LA GASCOGNE. Jan. 30, 9A. M.
LA BKETAGNE- Feb. 6, 6A.lt
LANORMAXDIE.. ...Feb. IS, 9a.m.
LABOURGOONE. Feb. 20. sa. m.
LA CHAMPAGNE Feb. 8:30 a.m.
' $0" For further particulars apply to ■ ■
A. FOUGET, Agent,
No. 3. Bowling Green. New York..
J. F. FI'OAZI A CO., Agents, 6 Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco.
PMPIIiIIP H ON ' AUSTRALIA for
(gmiHW Tuesday, Januar. it 6.
■ , —^ *t 1! p. v. Special party
OddT L* \ rates.
SHyniSnlDeJ The H. S. MONOWAI
CyiUJHUIIII/ • talls . vl . HONOLULU
(OfHO3tU4- and AUCKLAND io»
\v|||f/Ul«^ SYDNEY, ThurHday.
February 4. at a p. m '■' '■:? -■ *
■ LI d to COOLGARDIB, A and CAPETOWN,
South Africa. ■ .
J. D. BPRECKELS & BROS. CO« Agents.
114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office, 327 Market su, San Francisco.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3. Washington St.,
At « P. M. Daily. fcreiglit received tip
to .:.{» F. ai." I
tar Accommodations Reserved by Telephone
The only linn sailing through tickets and giving
through freight rates to all points on alley
Railroa J.
. STEAMERS:
T. C. Walker, J. »• f £t er
JHary Uarratt, City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 805. Cai. >ay. »nd lmpu Co
FOR VALLEJO AJD U. S. IAYY-lARDI
STKA3IEE "MONTICKLLO."
Daily ex. Saturday A Sun- 10:30 a. m. and 4p. «."
Saturdays ....~... -......•10:30 a.m., 4 r. K.
Sundays....... '........"..••"• S p. tl.
• Landing Mission-scree: Dock. Pier 'A
Tele phone Black iWL •
♦Trip Elves tf hours giou at Navy-Yard.
FOR SIUOSE, LOS GATOS& SAJT.I CRUZ
QTKAMEB ALVISO LEAVES PJEK 1 MO.V
0 day. Wednesday, I- rid ay, at 10 a. it Alviso
Tuesday, Thursday. Saturday, at 3p. it. Freight
and Passenger, i Fare between Han Francisco and
Alviso, BOc; to San Jose, 76c. Cl«/ |L Piarl.
80 Wt bfcßt» Cl»r» »W o»u itm.
OwlßfiiwiiiiiThi uTiVi ' - '!^bHBHBSs^&HHsCTta
.■ ■ . KAH.ROAD TRAVgLj! •
SOIITIIKKX 1-ACIFIC COJIPANT.
■ j (J"A«:IFKI MYSTBM.)
Iralna lravr »■■<) «•••• <ln« to itrrlve Ml
HAS FKANCIMU.
lkavb — JFROSt January 1. 1897. — _ARRrV»\
•6:O»a Nilts, Han Josa and Way Stations... 8:45 a I
7:«Oa Atlantic Kxpre^s, Og'len and V.nt.t,. 8:-*5r/
7:« lienicii, VaoaTille, Ramsey, Sacra-
mento. Ororille and Redding via
DaTis 6:43p
7:80 a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, Napa,
Calistoga and Santa Rosa 6:13 ■
HsKUa NHea, ; Sim .lose. Stockton, lone,
. Sacramento, Marysville, Chico,
Teliamaamineillilulf.... .1:1
•»:3Oa Peters and Milton "7:13p
9:O«»a Now Orleans lOxpress. Raymond (for
YosuciUe), I'rrano, liakerslielcl.
SaiiU liar ban, l«s AiiK'l-s, Dem-
inK, El l'aso, New Orleans and
East 4:4.1»
D:00a Martinez and Stockton.... 4:l.'st>
»:OOAVaIl c jo 6:13p
Kilos, San Jose, Liverruore and
Stockton 7slfjp
•l:OOpS3cramentf> River Steamers Ml :»o p
l:OOp Niles, San Jose and l.ivermore 8:43\
fl:3op Port Costa and Way Stations t~:43*
4:00r Martinez, Kan ltanion. Vallejo.
]S'a;ia, ('alistoga, 1.1 Veraiio and
Santa Uo.sa Oil .l *
4:«»Oi-Beiiicia, Vacaville. Woodland,
Kinghts Landing, Marysvillc, Oro-
Tille anil .Sacramento 11:19 a
4>3(>p Latbrop, Stockton, Moilesto, Mer-
ced and Frrsuo, going via Niles,
returning Tia M»rtiurz 11i43a
S:ooi> Lo? Angeles Express, Tracy,
Fresno, Santa Barbara and Los '
Ansel-* 10:45 a
stOOp Santa ]*«> );oule, Aliaullc Impress
for Moja»t» anil Must 1 0:4 At
6:0«p Kuropoau Mail, Ogilan and Kagt.... 9:45\
O:4iOi' Haywanla, Nileaautl .San Jose ~:t*\
t7:oor Vallrjo t7<43>
?:OWr OrcKOu Kxiireßs.Hacranieuto, Marjs-
ville, ICeilding, Poitlantl, l'uget
Sound au.l Kast 11i13a
10:00r "Sunset Limited." Fresno, Los
Angeles, HI Paso, New Orleans
and East |1 2:45
SANTA lltl'Z IMTISHHH (Narrow (iauitO).
Newark, CeiiterviUo,S:iu.l«se.Fclton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations 3isor
•3:13p Newark, Center»ille, San.luse, New
Aluuiicii, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Crux and Principal Way
Stations •! 1 120 a
4:l3i* Newark. San Jose and Los »3atos ... S:3o.\
1 11:4 i Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
Way Stations f7:2Or
COAST DIVISION (Tliiril A Townwiul Sis.)
0:45 v .Sail .lose ami \V:iy stations (New
Alciatleu Wednesdays only) liSOp
• i!3a San Jose, TrM J'itiog. Sjut.i Cni7!. k
Pacltia diKre. Paso Rubles, .San "
Luis Obltpo, (Suadalupe, fciurf and
Priuciijal Way Stations 7jOOp
IO:l».s San Jose ami Way Stations 5:OOp '
11:30 a Palo Alto and Way Statio:is 3>Uo*
•a:3«p San Mateo, Menlo Park. Nan .lone,
Cilroy, Ties Finos, Santa Cruz,
Salinas.Monterey and I'acißcGrove *1O:4Oi
<3::i»pBau Josb and Way Stations 9:43 a
♦4:30 - Ban .Taseaml Way Stations *8:03 a
5:3 OpS» . .Jose and Principal Way Stations *8:43 a
W::tOi>Sau Joso ami Way Stations O::».5\
1ll:45i- San Josh itml Way Station!! <7:4»p
" NAN IiKASIiKO AM> IIAVWAKDS LOCAL.
i«tf:»O,. • ( 7:1
8:OOa I t»:43A
,Hoal Melro»e,SenH«ar Park, Vili^
U 2-oop Fitri.burg,SanLe.ndro »f|«J
3:OOp an fl • 4:43p
4:00p , ] 5:43!"
5:OOp n«rnanl« 6:15p
«::i«p usyiraras. yi4sp
■s:<»Op 8:431
9*oop «' Runs through to Niles. 10:3 Op
ttll':lsp; tFromKHes. [ ttl2:oQp
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SAN FRINCISM— of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 0:CO 11:00 a.m. Jl:00 *2:03 (3:03
•4:00 t5:00 •6:03r.M.
From 01KUXD— Foot of Broadway *6:00 8:00
10:00 a.m. UZ:OO -1:03 t2:00 »3:00 t».03
*5:00»'.M. '
' A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
* Suudays excepted. t Saturdays only.
J Sundays only.
ft Monday. Thursday and Saturday nights only.
ITu«4ays and Saturdays. §Huudays and Thursdays.
SiIFRiMSCO &NORTH PL
CMC RAILWAY CO.
Tlburon Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 8:00. 11:00 a.m.; 11:9%
8:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Bxtratrla
at 11 :30 P. M. Saturdays— Kitra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
BDNDAYS- 8:00, 9:30, 11:00 A.M.; 1:30, 3:3%
6:00,6:20 P. M.
San Rafael to Sun Franclxco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. it-
-12:45, 3:40, 6:10 p. it Saturdays— trlpj
at 1:55 p. M. and 6:36 p. m. T ■ p >
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40, 11:10 A. M.; 1:40,3:44
. 6:00, 6:25 P. M. 1
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park aanM I
schedule as above. f
Leave ..„, Arrive
San Francisco. oct 14? San 11 "* llO1 00 -
-•Wkkl Sun- T.e.ifnation Sa.v- 1 Wekk"
Pats. ; days. B tlna »on- d AY b. \ Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
8:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 1 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Fulton,
7 :30 am Windsor, 10 : 26 **»
He&ldstmrg,
l.ytton,
Geyserville,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 FT* 6:23 pm
Pleta,
Hopland *
7:30 am 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:35 pm 6:23 pic
7:30 am 10:25 am
8:00 AM Querne ville. 7:36 PM
8:30 pm 6:22 PM
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 ax 8:40 am
and
6:10 pm' 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. | 6:10 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 am! sebaatonol 1 10:40 am|lo:3J
8:30 1 5 :00 I&e topol. | 6:10 pm| 6 :22pM
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for Highland
Springs, Kelseyvllle, Soda Bay and Lakeport; at
Eopland for Lake-port and Bartiett Springs; at
Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blao
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter
Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's, Buck-
cell's, Sanhedrln Heights, Hull ville, Boonevills,
Greenwood, Orr's Hot Springe. Mendoclno City,
Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal, Wlllets, C'abto, Co-
veio. Layionvllle, Harris, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets atreduosd
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points bs-
yond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 660 Market st., Chronicle bniM'.nj.
H. C. WHITING, B. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Atlantic I C||p||£'*
KAILUOAD .
Trains leave and arriva atjg^^^M
llarket-atreet Ferry.
SANTA FE EXPRESS. W&pM
To Chicago via A. & r ■ %SSe3R£qUTI
Direct Line *^B'*SbtJ^'"^SHs \
Leaves da ly at 6: JO p. M..carrvlne s'ullman Palace yr
Drawing-room and Modern Upholstered Tourist/
Sleeping-cars, which run dally through to Chicago
via Kansas City. Annex cars for Denver and 3b
Louis.
Boston Kxcurslins, v.a Kansas City, Chlca?(\
Montreal and the White Mountains leave every
Tuesday.
The best railway from California to the East,
Kew rails, new lies: no dust; interesting scenery,
ana good meals in Harvey's dining-rooms.
San Francisco Ticket Office, 644 Market
St., Chronicle Kuilding. Telephone Main
1631. Oakland. 1118 liroaUway.
KOETU PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausallto Parry).
Wwtm ■*■ Francisco, Commencing Sept. 13, IWI
W«BKJ>ATsV
Far Mm Vail «/ and San Rafaal-*7«». "3» l '}
11:00 a. UJ: *1:45. 3:45, •5:16. •*:«.«» =30 P.U
Extra trips for Ban Rafael on Mondays, weans»
4ays and Saturdays at 11 :30 p. m.
, SUNDAYS. «v,'-,« —
For MUI Valley and San Rafael-»8 i:OO. " lo
•11:30 a. M.: •1:80. 3:00, *4:30. 6:16 ». M.
Trains marked * run to ban Uuentin.
THBOUGH TRAINS'- _ .
lor Point Beyes and way 1 ? 1 ' 0 ,,"-^ 3 **":
Weekdays. 8*» a. M. Sundays, !:•* «■ ■• o*tn»
**/2r Candero and way st*tion«-7 »2ft A. *. m*
fay I liiS r. m. antordaya. ■
THE BAI "FRiSCISCO SAS JOA<|UU
VALLEY KAIMVAV COMPAQ.
FROM JANUARY 1, 1897. passenger train*
will run dally, excepting Sunday: . .*. .
Southbound. Station*. .Northbound.
7:Sj a M .....Stockton b:iOp. m.
9U9A.M ■.".■.■-"■.... Merced. ......... .3:14 pm.
11: 10 a M Fresno 1:10 P. M.
For Intermediate stations see tlmn-table. ,-.;-.,
Connect! steamboats of tb« UN.& I. Co.
leave Ban Fran i sco at 6 P. M. daily, excepting 1
Saturday, and Stockton at 6p. M. dally, except J
IMf MALPAIS.
Trains . connect with i North Pacific
Coast Kail road. , raom
WEKK DA Ye.— i. »ye S. F. 9:l^ a . m 1-4". p m
'"•. Returning— Ariv^ s. »•". 3:25 p m. 8:'J0 p' m.
SUNDAYS— Leave S.F. Ba. m 11:30 a.m. 1-SiipM.
Beturnlns— Arrive S.F. 1:15 p. m.4:20 p.m. 7:35 pm.
Tickets for sale in Mill Valley or •■•-' •
THUS. COOK & bONS, 621 Market St., 8. F.
, Zilil valley and Mount Tamaipaia Bc«b1« JEUoiwa7«HAVE DESERTED
THEIR PARTY
Populists Could Not Be
Found Willing to Fill
an Office.
How Ex-Chairman Fred Camp
bell Saw His Guests Eat
at His Banquet.
The Fifth Piank in the Republican
Platform H- : s Caused Much
Uneasiness.
Oakland OFFirE Bah Fkanciboo Call.^
Broadway. Jan. 24. y
No one who attended the People's!
party convention iasi Tuesday night
could help but wonder where the party ;
has gone. Three months ago when the
county convention assembled in Ger- i
mania Hall it was a party of life. There
was a fight for every office and the nomi
nations were regarded a? of some value.
The headquarters throughout the cam
paign were liberal. y <iecora;rd with pic-
1 1 res of Wiliiam J. Bryan and C. D. Lane,
.^ere was a healthy appearance on all
- ;es.
Monday night the hall where the con
vention met was like an ice chamber.
There was a scarcity of delegates and al
most an entire absence of lobby, and a
marked disinclination to accept a nomi
nation. Eifiht people were nominated for
chairman and each speedily declined.
Wh oever It fore heard of a Populist de
clining the honor of presiding at a con
vention? Many prominent faces were
missing and there was a marked absence
of office-holders. Mayor Davie was not
even mentioned and J. M. Basseti was
forgotton.
Somehow or other the Populists of Ala
meda County forget their party affiliations
as soon as they co into office, and this was
particularly manifest at the late conven
tion. There were but a few true and tried
populists in evidence. When corn and
wine are plentiful so ar«» Populist?, but in
"a dry year" the advocates of "'principle
only are woefully scant. At least that is
the case in Oakland.
Fred A. Campbell has not yet recovered
from the shock he received from the Re
publican convention. He was chairman
01 the City Central Committee and ar
ranged all the details for the work of the
committee of twenty-one, wnich wrested
the party machinery from the old-timers.
The nominations were closed, the new
City Central Committee named and the
name of Campbell was not mentioned.
No one can express the situation better
than Campbell himself.
"Here is the whole thing In a nutshell,"
he said. "1 arranged the political ban
quet and invited the guests, and they all
came and partook of my good things.
They gave away everything worth having
and helped themseive? liberally. I was
not even asked to participate, and as to ;
deriving anything from the display per
sonally that was out of the question. :
While my guests were in the banquet hall
2 was graciously permitted to -iook in
ihrodgh a window and was not even in
vited to a seat."
And every word of hi 3 story is abso
lutely true.
Mayor Davie was reminiscent yesterday.
To a few friends he thus ruminated: "For j
nearly four years the people of this city i
saved half a million dollars annually in :
ferry fares because I dared to run a ferry
in opposition to the railroad com
j any. I am informed that 6,000,000 of
people use the ferry every year and they
would still bo paying the old rates but lor
my competition. In a few weeks a de
cision is expected from the Supreme Court
that will confirm the city's title to her
water front.
"But for my fight six years ago, when it
was necessary to defend our property
asainst the armed hirelings of the railroad
company, there would have been no agita
tion to recover that valuable property. It
was Councilman R. B. Snell, I believe, who
stood on a pile and gained some notoriety
by railing to our steamer to enter Broad
way wharf, tut it seems to be forgotten
that ii the Davie ferry bad not been there
it would not have been necessary to find a
wharf for it.
"Only two years ago I stated that a
dollar tax should run the City, and I kern
my word, and the City was well run. But
who remembers these things now — who
has a good word for Davie?"
There are many who think that there is
a big surprise in store for the Mayor next
March.
For some reason or other the rosy fea
tures of Assessor Dalton wear a perplexed
look. Since the convention he has
walked up and down Broadway with his
eyes fixed at an angle with the horizon o'
about forty degrees less than of yoie.
The reason ie fouud in the fifth plank of
the Republican municipal platform,
which concludes: "They must keep out
of politics, and not seek to control party
nominations or the actions of municipal
officers to the detriment of the people and
/ the public good, and we therefore con
demn all efforts on, the part of county of
*rs, or other person or corporation, to
tain influence or control in municipal
ctflces for tneir own ends."
One of t:.e keenest politicians in the
city thus outlined the situation to-day,
and although there may be many who
differ from him, there are others who
declare he got very near the kernel of the
nut.
"Two years hence," he said, "a county
assessor will have to be elected and Mr.
Dalton will, of course, make an effort to
succeed himself. It very naturally fol
lows that if Mr. Dalton could cut a lead
ing figure in municipal politics In this
campaign he would lose nothing
by doing so in November of
1898. Now Harry snould not have been
ho thoughtless. He should have remem
bered that 'there are others.' Those 'oth
ers' had ideas ol their own about running
municipal politics, and they took a. very
politic way oi reading the riot act to him.
It certainly did not apply to Sheriff I
White or Mr. Snoot, or Treasurer San
ford, and nobody ever heard Myron
Whidden say a word kbout local politics,
and Dr. Wilson, who was on the platform
. committee, cprtainly would not hit his
friend Frank Jordan, so there you ar<>."
Stuart W. Booth.
PRINTEES ARE EASY-
President Kelloge Will Not EdablUha
Student rrintiujj Office.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 24.— President
Kellopg of the university ha-- set at rest
| the doubt as to the establishment of a
State printing establishment at Berkeley
I to be run by amateur students.
\ The Oakland Typographical Union re
cently sent the following letter to Presi
dent Kelloeg:
Martin Kellogg. President State Board of Uni
versity Jiegentf—My Dear Sir: A short time
ago there appeared in the San Francisco Call
an article concerning a contemplated more on
tne part of your University sitidens to create
a printing e.-aublistinieiit at the University.
While the said communication was not us
explicit as it might have been, sufficient was
gleaned to create the opinion among those
most direct!/ aflected— the printers of this
county— that i: was tbe intention to establish
! a printing plaat, the work to be done by
i amateur students.
It is not necessary to point out to you tne
grievous injury v.-nich has been done our
trade by the introduction of machines; nor 1b
it necessary to say how much more sad the
situation can be made when the field lett—
which is small— is threatene I from a source
wbicn we believe is unnecessary, and when
the object sounlit to be obtained by the stu
dents can be better reached through other
channels. However, on benali oi Oak
land TvpoKraphk-fll Union No. Sb it is
earnest^- requested that you will kindly fur
nish thTundersitned with such information
as bears upon the question involved, with the
end in view oi dissipating the rumor, if it
only be such, or learning ol it as an authentic
fact. Very respectfully, F _ , CREGORY _
Chairman Ex. Com. O T. O. No. 36.
The following reply was made:
Berkeley, Jan. 13, 1897.
F. J- Gregory— Ht.kil Snt: There is a priming
office at the university, but uo students are
employed In it. It doe? university work. I
tee no reason wt»y students should r.ot be em
ployed in It; but at present the plant is small,
| run by one man and a boy. I have not heard
'of any student organization to establish an
other "priii'-iuc office. Yours truly,
Martin Kellogg.
BERTHA IS WELL.
Her Dream of Death Is a Thing; of
the Past.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 24.— Miss Bertha
Hoeper will not trouble her lover to place
a plain white rose in her coffin just yet.
Her dream of death is over, and to-morrow
she wii! leaTe ;hs Receiving Hospital and
go to her home.
Ail througli the three weeks that have
passed since she shot herself, she lias
bten taithlnily waited upon by Frank
Pretti, the young fellow for whom she was
willing to die, and svedding tells will soon
take the place of the fuueral knell.
IS OUT OF EXISTENCE.
The Old Boys' Brigade Suc
ceeded by a Newer Or
ganization.
Important Changes Made in the Ey-
Laws and as to the Enforcement
of the Pledge.
Oakland Office Sax Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Jan. 24 [
The Brigade organization in the State of
California, which comprises the Second
and Fifth Regiments of the Old Boys'
Brigade of California, located around the
bay, became a thing of the past last
Thursday evening by unanimous vote of
the board of officers of the organization.
According to orders from regimental
headquarters, signed by Col. E. J. Walker
and his adjutant, H. P. Hobson, the meet
ing of the First Brigade, old Boys' Bri
gade of California, was called at tbe First
Pre;-byterian Church, Alameda.
The reason that Col. E. J. Walker issued
the orders, and the reason for his being in
the chair, were that some time ago Briga
dier-General J. Harry Russell, who was in
command, resigned on account of business
complications, and Colonel Walker, being
the senior colonel, assumed command.
Before the disbanding of the Brigade
organization tbe board of officers turned
all moneys and supplies over to the Sec
ond Regiment. They a;so placed the re
maining portion of the debt on the Fifth
Regiment, which has its headquarters in
ban Francisco. 'Hie reason for the last
act was that the Second Regiment had
paid more than its share (more than half)
and they now hold papers from all the
creditors, releasing them from any fur
ther obligations.
Tbis means that the Second Regiment,
under command of Colonel E, J. Walker,
has not a cent of debt, this state of affairs
being largely due to the Ladies' Auxiliary
of Alameda and Oakland, and to Paymas
ter B. L. Weymouth of the Second Regi
ment.
After the adjournment of the brigade
meeting Colonel Walter called a meeting
of the board of officers of the Second Regi
ment. At this meeting Paymaster Wey
mouth submitted a detailed report of the
finances. It was received •with great
favor, as it allowed a balance on hand of
about $15.
The resignation of Captain B. L. Wey
mouth as paymaster was read and, after
many speeches by the officers expressing
regrets, it was accepted. Captain Wey
mouth has labored long and hard for the
boys, and it was his wish that the officers
I relieve him of those duties. The officers
j have not lost him, however, as he is the
I captain of Company I in Alameda. Major
Al Taylor took the position of paymaster
temporarily.
The resignation of L. N. Cobbledick a3
major of the Second Battalion was read
and accepted.
New by-laws were presented by Lieu
tenant M. D. Bird, and, after being read,
it was moved to lay them over for one
meeting. A lengthy discussion followed.
It touched at the very foundation of the
Boys' Brigade — that is, whether the triple
pledge of the Boys' Brigade should be
enforced. Colonel Walker, Major Taylor
and Captain Weymouth were strongly in
favor of it, while others thought that it
might be better to let applicants join and
later on enforce the pledge. The pledge
i reads as follows and is enforced in all
companies of the Second Regiment:
I promise and pledge, that go long as I am a
member of the Boys' Brigade, that X will not
use tobacco nor intoxicating liquor in any
form; that I will not use profane, vulgar or
I indecent language; that I will obey faithfully
I all the company rules, and that 1 will, at all
times, set an example of good conduct to my
comrades and other boys.
One of the new officers said to-day: "It
might oe well to state that as so much has
been said against General Russell's policy
in managing Brigade affairs, that he is not
held totally responsible for the recent
Santa Cruz debt. General Russell is a
man that has suffered unjustly at the
j hands of his follow officers. As is always
the case when a man comes into power,
he is severely criticized. Mr. Russell made
mistakes, but he did it in good faith. He
always worked for the best interest of the
Brigade, going so far, sometimes, as to im
pair his health. He was sincere and con
scientious in all his dealings."
■ • ♦ »
rOR ABSOLUTE CLOSING.
The saloon Question Has Arisen In
Another Foim.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 24.— Professor
S. P. Meade of the High School will pre
sent a petition to the Council to-morrow
night asking that body to incorporate in
the election proclamation a provision
under which the people can vote on the
entire closing of saloons in this city.
The petition was circulated in several
churches to-day and over a thousand sig
natures were obtained.
It has already been decided to let the
people vote on the matter of Sunday clos
ing, and a large delegation will be present
to-morrow night to argue in iavor of
having both questions in the election call.
• — ♦ — •
Sund»y->'chool Convention.
OAKLAND. Cal., Jan. 24— The first
convention of the Brooklyn Township
Sunday-school Union will be held at the
Brooklyn Presbyterian Church, Friday
evening, February 12.
At the Theater*.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 24.— Joseph Mur
phy and his company will appear n the
Macdonough to-night for the last time.
At the Oakland Ida Fuller, sister of La
Loie, will open a week's engagement.
• — ♦ — •
Men with gray and blue eyes are usually
better marksmen than those with dark
t-yes.
TO CLRK A COLD IX ONE DAY.
Take laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All drug
gi&ta reiuna liie moaey v it tails to cure* 2dc
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 25, IS9T.
IS IT THE HAND
OF MILO FELICE?
Threatening Anonymous
Letters Given to the
Police.
Matteo Ghiglione and His Wife
in Mortal Dread of
Death.
A Fugitive From Justice Supposed to
Be the Cause of All the
Trouble.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 24.— The police
are in receipt of a letter directed to Matteo
Ghiglione, in which the latter's life is
threatened. While every effort is being
made to discover the writer of this and
other threatening epistles, the officers of
the law refuse to give out any informa
tion. They believe that tne writer is in
Italy and is a member of the deadly
MATTEO GHIGLIONE, Who Has Been Receiving Threatening
Letters.
Mafia which has been the cause of so
many assassinations in this country. In
this they are backed by the opinion of
Guiglione and his wife, who ltve in deadly
fear of their unknown enemy.
The anonymous correspondent has on
several occasions demanded money from
Ghiglione and is believed to be connected
with a terrible tragedy committed in San
Francisco several years ago.
Ghielione lormerJy had a partner in his
vegetable business out on Bay Farm Is
land named Afilo Felice, alias Creon
Croan. Milo fell in love with an Italian
beauty of the San Francisco colony and
wooed well. His suit was accepted, but
his prospective father-in-law, Aut-ust
Capuna, would not countenance tue
match. Quarrels ensued ana bad blood
was in evidence. Finally, on the night of
May 19, 1894, Milo ami Capuna engoged in
a game oi cards at 426 Green street, San
Francisco.
Before playing longCapuna accused the
lover of ctieating and a row ensued. In
the heat of passion Felice referred to the
old man's daughter, which aroused' his
most violent anger.
The dispute ended in Felice stabbing
Capuna in the back with a stiletto. Felice
made his escape and is supposed to have
left the country.
Captain Ltes and his men made every
effort to hnd him, but no trace was ever
had ol the fugitive. His relatives claim
that he is in Buenos Ayres, but his part
ner believes that he returned to his native
country.
''Yes, we received a threatening letter,"
said Mrs. Ghiglione to-day, "and at once
turned it over to the polics, who have en
deavored to Keep it quiet. Of course we
are afra:d, because we do not know what
may happen. I believe Felice is in Italy,
but we are not even safe with him there.
The San Francisco police claim to have
located him, but of course it is impossible
to tell whether they have the right man or
not. 1 hope we will not get any more such
letters."
Her Eyesight Saved.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 24.— Mr. and
Mrs. Horace P. Brown of 2126 Clement
avenue are rejoicing to-day at the knowl
edge that their baby daughter, Clara Do
lores, who was so frightfully burned on
December 28, will not lose her eyesight.
Ciara was playing in iront of tne rirepiace
on the day mentioned, wnen in some
manner her dress caught fire. Yesterday
the bandages were removed from the little
one's eyes for the first time, and, after
washing them carefully, Clara was al
lowed to look upon the light. She recog
nized her parents readily, and on examina
tion the doctor pronounced her eyes safe.
BERKELEY NEWS NOTES.
A Grocery Complication — Disgusted
fcunday Sports— Appointment of
Fire Chief of the Council.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 24 — C. Deme
trak, merchant, journalist, footr.ee en
thusiast and inventor of airships, is a
much-wanted man in Berkeley. As
stated in a recent issue of The Call,
Bemetrak left Berkeley two weeks a^o,
under a cloud of mystery, and has not
been seen in Berkeley since. He sold out
his grocery business at the corner of Shat
tuck and University avenues a short time
ago to George Fnndus, one of his clerks.
Three days after the transfer the stock
was attached by San Francisco creditors,
and a Sheriff's lock was placed on the
door. l"'undus claims that the Sheriff has
no right to attach the stocu, because it be
longs to him and not to Demetrak, and
because he purchased it in good faith and
was not aware that there were any out
standing debts. Accordingly he has sued
the Sheriff for $3000 to cover his loss of
stock, hauled away, and alleged damages
sustained.
May Choose the Chief.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 24.— The Town
Board will hold a meeting to-morrow
evening, at which several matters of im
portance will come up for consideration.
One will be the appointment of a fire
chief for the town. The four corners of
Berkeley will be represented with candi
i dates for the place. The East End is
j urging the name of James Kenny and the
! West End that of Sam H. B'orkheim.
i North Berkeley is putting forward the
i name of A. L Ott, and South Berkeley is
desirous that D. J. Keane shall be at the
head of the fire laddies. Tbe fight seems
to lie bi'tween Kenny and Borkheim.
The committee on the lone-standing
i Unda liquor case, consisting of Trustees
Cripps md Hoff, will make a report as to
whethe." or not Unda violated the license
ordinance as charged by Marshal Lloyd.
Wanted Their Money Back.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 24.— Fifty or
more tired, weary and disgusted admirers
of tne manly art came out from the gym
nasium of the West Berkeley Athletic
Club lafit night wishing that their dollar
pieces were in their purses, A. hot prize
' ring contest between Jack Davis of Omaha
I and "Nflgro" Brown of San Francisco for
i a $35 trophy was advertised to take place
at thi club quarters. It did take
place, but the men put so little spirit into
their work, and fought at such long dis
tance, that the crowd set up a yell at the
close and shouted "fake!" "fake!" and
demanded ttie return of their admission
fee. They didn't get it.
The "go" wa» to be for ten rounds. Pre
liminary to it was a three-round sparring
match between Frank McNamara and
Jack Egan, without a decision. In the
other bout, Davis was given the decision
on points.
Their Initiatory Work.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 24.— As an in
j trodnction to their season of training for
the intercollegiate track and field meet
this spring, the Berkeley track team,
which is composed of forty sprinters,
hurdlers, jumpers, vaulters, riders and
weicht men, will take a crosscountry run
to-morrow afternoon. This form of exer
cise promises to be a feature of this sea
son's work. But little of this particular
kind of training, so common in the East,
has been practiced at Berkeley. A score
or more of other young collegians, who
deslra exercise, will join the athletes in
their jaunt.
Chorafstry Building Addition.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 24 —A proposi
tion is being considered by the Board of
University Regents to add another story
to the Chemistry building, which shall be
given over to the use of the department
of biology. The present quarters of the
chemists and biologists are considered
wholly inadequate. It has been found
that to build another story will be cheaper
than to construct an annex with equally
as much room.
For Town Clerk.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 24.— Charles L.
Taher, the popular Berkeley aaent of The
Call, has entered the race for the position
of Town Clerk, the election for which will
take place in April.
IN AN EDUCATOR'S MASK
How Sensational Newspapers
Obtain an Ei trance Into
the Family.
Chancsllor Yorke Speaks Warmly on
the Duty of Catholics Regard
icg Literature.
Oakland Office Pan Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Jan. 24. )
The announcement that Rev. Father
Yorke would preach from the theme,
"Catholic Literature," caused a larger
crowd to assemble this morning than
capacious St. Francis de Sales' Church
could accommodate.
' There was special music and an aug
mented choir. The Chancellor's sermon
was preceded by high mass.
Father Yorke opened by referring to the
Catholic church as a great missionary
organization, and then proceeded to show
how the greatest ally to missionary work
is the press, and how it carried to hun
dreds of thousands of people all manner
of information that they could not pos
sibly obtain by any other means.
"On the Eastern seaboard a very poor
opinion exists of the Western newspa
pers," said the preacher. "This is not the
fault of the publishers, who supply the
public with just what is in demand. If
you will purchase filth, it will be supplied
to you. If you ask a grocer for a brand of
tea and he does not give it to you, of
course you go elsewhere. You mast do
the same with your papers.
"Which of you, if he went home and
found an intelligent man at your fireside
teliing your wife and little ones of all
those abominable things and experiences
in the slums of which Christian people do
not even speak, would not instantly throw
him out? Yet you subscribe for the daily
press that is dome just the same thing.
"Not content with ustne all the diction
that intelligence can desire and throwing
around the nauseous details the glamour of
reality until the reader actually seems to
be going through the same experience art
has been prostituted to carry out the base
design, and large pictures of things which
should be avoided as poison are printed to
the pollution of the children's minds and
the damning of t&eir souls.
••Mothers' broken hearts are grieving to
day in thousands of instances because of
wayward sons and daughters who drew
their tirst inspiration of crime from the
filthy daily newspaper.
"The antidote is with yourselves. Re
fuse to purchase such trash and it will
soon be withdrawn from the market."
. • . ;. • — ♦ — • _ , .: .
Hypnotic last., treatint, teaching, 6 Q'Farrell*
'-- --•—.*. — T;— r"
GOOD SCORES
MADE BY MANY
Fine Work by Marksmen
at the Shell Mound
Range.
Revolver and Pistol Shooting
Becoming Very Popular
of Late.
Columb a C üb, Red Men's Scbuetzen
Section and Military Records
Across the Bay.
The riflemen who failed to go to the
Shell Mound rifle range yesterday missed
a fine opportunity for making good scores.
In the forenoon the appearance of a few
clouds in the sky kept many good shots
at home, but those who went across the
bay were amply repaid for their pains, for
the sun came out and atmosphere and
light were ali that could be desired.
Several of the German sharpshooting
clubs were booked for their regular con
tests, but deaths in their societies prevent
ed them from attending to their reeular
sport. However, there was no lack of
noise on the range. The rattle of muskets
fine rifles and smaller arms was heard all
day.
The members of the Columbia Pistol
and Rifle Club held their regular fourth-
Sunday shoot. Several new faces were
seen in their midst — enthusiasts who have
recently become members. Dr. J. J.
Giusti has recently turned his attention
to revolver shooting. He used that
weapon while in the militia, but lately
I:a3 not had a chance to do much practic
ing. He promises to be a regular attend
ant at the Columbia's shoots hereafter.
Victor La Jlott, who is connec.ed with
the State Board of Trade, promises to be a
tine nfie shot. Heretofore he has done
excellent work in the field, but the set
triggers and globe and peep sights stag
gered him for a while.
Charles Burrell of the Arcata Rifle Club
was a guest of the Columbia Club, aim
was greatly interested in the performances.
He says that the Humboldt County club
is in fine condition.
The regularevents were decidedly inter
esting and many excellent scores were
made in the several matches. Early in the
day there was a spirited competition for
the honor of being high man for the Bush
nell medal. Every month the man with
the be^t score has bis name inscribed as a
mark of honor on the medal. The ten best
scores of the year will finally win this val
uable trophy. A. H. Pape led with a hold
cver nine in three shots, Columbia
target, from the la«t contest. No one
ruade a better score yesterday, though F.
O. Young and Dr. L. O. Rodgers crowded
him well.
The same kind of a contest was on in the
Blunding pistol iratch, whicn. is governed
by identical condit.ons. Young's name
will be put on that medal for this month.
The club has developed a new musket
shot. He is J. E. Gorman who, hereto
fore has paid much attention to pistol
practice, and has now taken to the mus
ket. His first score on tne Glindemann
medal yesterday was a forty-eight Creed
moor count, and Gorman is now looking
around for a good military musket. F.
H. Bushnell, H. J. Wicker and Frank
Mason are also among the new aspirants
for military shooting honors.
On the 50-yard ran^e there was some
very speedy contests and the revolver
shots are coming to the front in good
shape. This match promises to be a de
cided feature in this year'- programme.
The records on the 200 and 50-yard
ranges were as follows:
Rifle, 200 yards, re-entry matches, F. H.
Bushneil medal, three snots to a score— A. H.
LOUIS BARRERE, One of the First Members of the Colombia
Pistol and Rifle Club and a Fine Marksman.
Pape 9, 10, 11; Dr. L. 0. Rodgers 10, 10, 12;
F. O. Young 10, 11,13.
William Gildemanu military medal, ten
shots, military count— F. O. Young 49, J. E.
Gorman 48. E. Huvey 4U. E. Jacobseu 43, H.
J. Wicker 39.
F. O. Young rifle record medal, ten shots—
Dr. L. 0. Rodgers 50, H. J. Wicker 60.:
Cash prizes for most flags during the
montn— A. H. Pape 6, F. O. Youag 3, Dr. L. O.
Rodgers 2.
Pistol, re-entry matches, fif (y yards, Gordon
Blamling medal, three shot scores— F. O.
Young 5, 9; C. M. Daiss 7, 9,9; J. E. Gorman
9; A. B. Dorrell 10, 12.
Howard Carr medal for any revolver, six
shot scores— J. E. Gorman 30. 33, 37; F. O.
Young 35, 36, 32, 38, 40, 44 : S. Roberts 40, 41,
41; M. J. White 53, 53; Dr. J. J. Giusti 99.
Diamond pistol record medal, ten shot
score*- J. E. Gorman 38, 40; ('. M. Daiss 41,
A. B. Dorrell 42, F. O. Youuk 49.
Achille Roos 22-caliber mednl, fly» shots —
Ed Hoveyll, 12, 12; S. Ingalls 12. 13; A..8.
Dorrell 18, 13; H. J. Wicker 13, 20; Mrs. L. J.
Crane 17, 19; Mrs. M. J. White 19.
The reeular monthly shoot of Company
M for monthly medals brought out a good
number of members. The annexed scores
were made:
Captain T. F. O'Neil 35, Nutter 28/ Merwin
29, Ayhens 37, Spilman 21, Stewart 20, Ser
geant Casey 35. Corporal Stroth 33. Frietto39,
Sergeant Wall 32. Luge 34, Lyons 33, Sergeant
Son tag 25, Corporal Farniiam 38, Ren 40,
Volkmnmi 36. W. Bublinc:er 32, Corporal J.
Maker 2j earn Cobby 88, Corporal W.
- '• , . -^. <^C* «. T
Auction Sales
CHAS. LEVY & CO., ADCTIOXEBRS.
Salesrooms— 1135 Market Street.
THIS DAY.
Monday Januarr 25, 1897,
At 11 o'ilcck a. M., at iStab'.es,
164 Goldeu Gate Avenue, New City Hall
Stables.
We will sell the entire lot of Thoroughbred Horses
of DaN MCCARTHY, comprising 28 Thorough-
bred Horses.
CHAS. LEVY <fc CO.. Auctioneers.
Maher 36, Quinn 30, Corporal Noyes34, Mitch
ell 11, Sergeant Rivers 19.
The monthly class medal shooting of
Red Men's Shooting Section was well at
tended. Following were the class win
ners and their scores of twenty shots on
the German rin£ target:
Champion class, William Kreutkamm 356 ;
first-class, Captaiu C. Oldag3<ss; second-class,
M Liieckert 335; third-class, Charles Werner
266 ; fourtb-ciass, H. Grebe 223; best first shot,
William Kreutkamm 23; best last shot, George
Wagner 23.
DANCING IN THE PULPIT.
Key. Mr. Ford Justifies It to Attract
Sinners.
"Under the Bushels" was the title of
the sermon delivered by Rev. Frink L.
Ford at the First Christian Church last
evening. He said:
"What is the matter with the Christian
church r 1 feople don't Know about our
church. If we want a large harvest we
must have a large planting.
"We have the whole world to sow in
and, although man made precepts, we
have no use for them.
"Let us go back to Jerusalem ana study
the mind of our Master, lie taught the
truth ti;at was for ail mankind. If it were
in my power to act tho fool, I would do
I so, if in that way I couhi attract neojjie to
listen to the gospel. People have encour
aged me, saying: 'Brother Ford, do right
and we will stand by you."
"A minister of God," he said, "has a
perfect right to dance, act, play a farce in
his pulpit, if, by 'Joing so, he can attract
people to come and hear the gospel in all
its i-iifiiy and simplicity. People say
to me that they have just
heard of our church, and think our
doctrine is ne*. Brethren, what do you
think of that? We are not a new
church; we are 1900 years old.
Jesus said, 'Go preach.' He did not i
say to preach in a certain kind of way, or I
in a certain church, or in a certain puipil ;
so we have a ri^ht to depart a little out of
the ordinary to attract people to us. There :
is a divine duly put upon us to draw peo- !
pie to our churches, and we must do it."
ROMANISM AND LIBERTY
The Rev. Victor M. Ruthven
Denounces Catholic
Teachers.
He Says They Are Enemies of the
Public Schools and Slaves
of the Pops
Rev. Victor M. Ruthven, who say 3
he was once an ordained Catholic priest,
lectured at Metropolitan Temple to a
large audience yesterday afternoon on
"Rome and the Public Schools."
The speaker devoted considerable of his
introduction to a discussion of Father
Yorke. He case some reflections on him
and the ladies who have been distributing
anti-Ruthven tracts at the door of the
Temple during the meetings.
Coming to the subject of the lecture the
speaker said: "The conflict in regard to
the public schools was begun by a Jesuit
father, Theodore Metcalf of Boston, in
1808. He denounced the public schools
and called them a National fraud."
The speater quoted a number of Catho
lic authorities to Bhow that they object to
the public schools, saying: "Pope Pius
the IX denounced any system of instruc
tion Dot under control of the church.
Others have called the public schools a
scandal and disgrace. Bishop Gilmore of
Cleveland said he ■would refuse the sacra
ments of the church to those who sent
their children to the public schools."
The speaker argued that, "if the Irish
could be divorced from their insane at
tachment to Catholicism tiiey might be
come leaders of men, but under the church
teachings, which place the catechism
ahead of all other instruction, they must
remain a backward and a down-trodden
people."
The lecturer quoted from what he «aid
was a modern Catholic catechism, many
of the sentences from which taught that
Christians are all doomed to damnation.
"This is the thing," he said, "which they
want to leach in the public schools. If
their hatred of American institutions can
not be eradicated the day will come when
they will have to be disfranchised. They
cannot be true to the Pope and to the ilag
at one time."
> ♦ — «
An Italian entertainment is most frugal.
A little wine and water, some very warm
orange-flower water and a few calces are
offered. The Germans entertain simDly,
and one has to get accustomed to their
peculiar cooking.
P. J. 8.4KT8, AUCTIOBEER.
FIXE ART GOODS AND CURIOS
TO-MORROW,
Tuesday .Janunrv 26t 1897,
At 2 o'clock p h. at
414 MoAllis er Street
By order of .Mrs. Milne I will sell without reserve
the above large and h: c collection of brlc-a-brac,
consisting in part of Choice Pieces In Keal lironzc.
Fine Mantei Clocks In Onyx and Brouze with
ornaments, i'int» B'.sque Plaques and statuary.
E.et-ant Screens, Antque Vt^esand Curios. Carved
Ivory and many oth»r articles. This collection
represents goods from all parts of tne world, are
new and In perfect condition.
Note— This will be a rare chance for curio
seekers. Chairs have been provided for ladies.
P. J. BaRTH, Auctioneer.
A YEAR OF WORK
FOR YOUNG MEN
Forty-fourth Anniversary
of the Christian
Association.
Bishop Newman's Address to
Those at the Annual
Meeting.
V. Has Been a Hard Y?ar, but Not
Without Redeeming
Features.
"Nothing is done without consecrated
power of the individual man or woman,
and that power is given to us by Jesus
Christ."
Such were the words addressed by
Bishop Newman to the people that had
assembled in the Young Men's Christian
Association Auditorium on Mason and
Ellis streets yesterday afternoon. The
occasion was the association's forty-fourth
anniversary, and was fitly celebrated by
the young men of the institution.
A cordial invitation had been issued to
their many friends, and many responded.
The secretary made a brief statement of
the financial condition of the association,
and then Rev. John P. Newman came
forward. He was introduced by Rolla V.
Watt.
Bishop Newman spoke feelingly of the
consecration of lives, impressing upon his
audience that the time will and must
come when Christianity will supersede all
otheT forms of worsnip; when all forms of
government will recognize the brother
hood of man and Jesus Christ shall be
recognized as the all-sufficient Savior of
mankind.
When each household sha'.l be a church,
the father a priest, the mother a priestess
and the sous and daughters the wor
shipers. Whether the time will come
when sin shall cease it was not, the
Bishop said, for him to assert, but the
time will come when every knee
shall bend and every tongue shall confess
that Jesus Christ is over all.
Those occupying seats on the stage with
Bishop Newman were: Rev. W. H7 More
land, Rev. J. L. Dietz, Rev. E. R. Dille,
Rev. William Rader, Irving M. Scott,
E. E. Ewing. J. J- Pfister, C. A. Maydwell,
Samuel Foster, H. J. McCoy, Dr. Rigdon
and J. T. Web3ter.
The past twelve months have been
among the most trying and yet most re
markable in the annals of the Y. M. C. A.
The management has encountered many
difficulties, but the year was not without
some encouragement ana che?r.
Although still confronted with a large
indebtedness and much more that is dis
couraeing, the coming year the associa
tion will strain every effort to keep their
work within the current income and pre
vent the debt from increasing, and even
to reduce it if possible.
Notwithstanding the obstacles which at
times seemed almost insurmountable a
commendable work has been carried for
ward and thousands of young men have
found the association building to be a
haven of refuge in the hour of need ana
temptation.
SAYS HE IS ORTHODOX.
Rev. William Rader Ascribes the
Criticism of Him to a Misun
derstanding.
Rev. William Rader, the pastor of the
Third Congregational Church ot this City,
denies that there is anything unorthodox
in the views which he has been expressing
in a series of Sunday evening lectures on
the Bible. One lecture in particular was
recently criticized by a religious organ as
containing sentiments opposed to the
belief of the great body of the Presby
terian, Baptist and Methodist churches,
and for this reason it was urpea that he
should be removed from the '97 commit
tee of the Christian Endeavorers, of which
Mr. Rader has been an active member.
"I have heard no criticism of my views
from any of the clergy or of the laity, ex
cept friendly differences of opinion on
minor points," said Mr. Rader last even
ing, "and I was much surprised at the
article suggesting that I be removed from
the '97 committee. I feel confident that
the writer of that article misapprehended
my views. He staves that I denied the
decalogue was divinely inspired. I do
not think I said anything of the kind. He
also states that I am a follower of Howi
son in my belief concerning miracles. I
am not a follower of Howison or any
other man.
"What will come of bis suggestion I do
not know. I have very much at heart the
work of the Christian Endeavor Society,
and my relations with it are very close. I
may feel called upon to make a statement
later, but I feel now that the matter is all
owing to a mistake."
Mr. Rader preached last evening on
"The Boot of Jonah." He declared that
he mad-> no attempt to decide as to its
literal history. He believed in the in
spiration of its truth, and believed in the
medium of certain revelations of God.
"My Bible does not rise or fall with the
literal event of the whale swallowing
Jonah," he said.
§l>r. Gibbon's Dispensary,
025 KEABXVKT. Established
in 185* for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. . Jjebilityor
disease wearing on body and mind and
■Skin Diseases. The doctorcures whea
others fail. Try him. Charges low.
Cnrmcasißnlrrd. Callorwrita,
Dr. J. »'. uIBBOK. Box 1957. Sao Francisc*
he most certain and safe Fain Remedy. Instantly
relieves and soon cures all Colds, Hoarseness, Bora
Throat. Bronchitis. Congestions and ' tnUinnt*-
tlon* 6Uc per boulQi sold b/ Uruggisu
910
NATIONAL GUARD
OF CALIFORNIA
The wise men who were sent to Sacra
mento to make laws for the country seem
to be of the impression that if they cannot
find anything else to do, that it is their
bounden duty to alter the laws governing
the National Guard of the State. No
sooner do the members of the guard get
into a position to appreciate what one
Legislature wanted it to do before another
Legislature comes along and wants to
undo what the previous one did, and
wants to start anew. This constant tink
ering with the service will not tend to
raise the standard of the guard for the
reason that the officers lose interest and
the men cet disgusted and do not care to
devote the attention they otherwise would
to duty, for they say "What we learn to
day we may have 10 unlearn to-morrow."
If the law-makers are anxious to render
the guard a service they can do it by let
ting it a!one.
The introduction last week of a bill hav
ing for its purpose the transforming of the
First Regiment, Second Brigade, into an
artilJery regiment has created a great stir
in the First. This bill is not the one that
vtas presented by one directly interested
in us affairs, but was introduced by Senator
Pediar from the southern part of the State.
It is possible that the Senator has kindly
lathered the bill for some one, who, at
this time, does not wish to come forward
and De sponsor for it. Within two weeks
Adjutant-General Barrett was in this City
and he was strongly opposed to any talk
of transforming the First into an artillery
regiment, but it is stated that within a
few days he has changed and is now in
favor of the project. It is strongly sur
mised that Major-General James is inter
ested in the movement to mate a change.
Wiiat may be the purpose in view is
not Known at this time, but ii it should be
made it will involve an expense which it
is believed the guard cannot at this time
stand. If it is merely to instruct the men
in artillery tactics they can learn those
just as well when wearing white stripes
as when wearing red ones. There have
been occasions in the regular army when
the infantry was forced to familiarize it
selfwith cavalry tactics and do cavalry
duty. When such occasions presented
themselves the officers did not wait for
orders to change the color of the stripes,
but utilized the men of their respective
commands and converted them into
"mounted infantry," notably in Gen
eral Miles' Indian campaign.
Some time ago, as appears from the
adjutant's latest rep jrt, there was a de
cided expression of opinion by tha heads
of the guard, including the commander
in-chief, Governor Budd, and the adju
tant-general, that there should be no ar
tihery regiment, and they expressed
themselves as well satisfied with the reor
ganization.
If those who are at the head of the guard
would let politics alone and pay more at
tention to the actual needs of the guard
and see that the men are instructed in
the duties of the soldier they would do
much to advance the standard of the offi
ce, sand men. The guard needs lyceums
for officers and men that they may become
familiar with all that is expected of a sol
dier, and the instructions given in each
iyceurn should be perfectly the same so
that the guard in every part of the State
would be in a position to act uniformly.
There should also be lyceums for the com
missioned and non-com missioned officers
so that each might have an opportunity
to have his dunes clearly denned and
not let every individual place his own con
struction on what he considers he should
do. Regulations looking to more uni
formity in the rank and file would be of
much more service than all the political
wire-palling that could be done in three
years.
Major Fred S. Pott, aid-de-camp, di
vision staff ba3 been recommended for
promotion as lieutenant-colonel and
division paymaster vice Lieutenant
Colonel Fred F. Foliis deceased.
The National Guard will be turned out on
Washington's birthday. The First Regi
ment, Second Brigade, will on that day
have a held day. There will, it is the
idea now, be a parade, and march to some
point, where there will be a regimental
drill and possibly firing at silhouette tar
gets and men on the field.
The resignation 01 Colonel Macdonald
of the First Regiment Infantry, Second
Brigade, has been officially announced,
and that of Captain Board man of the
Signal Corps, Second Brigade, nas also
been announced, and both have been ac
cepted. Now it remains for orders to be
issued for the elections.
Colonel Macdnnsld in his letter asking
to be placed on tne retired list asks that
he may be retired as coionel of the Second
Artillery, and not as coionel of the First
Infantry, which command he helu at the
time he resigned. This is looked upon by
guardsmen as a very singular move, but
there is no one who can explain it and the
colonel is out of the State, therefore he
cannot be asked for his reasons.
The Fifth Regiment of Infantry, Second
Brigade, has issued a challenge to The
First Regiment infantry, same brigade,
to snoot a match with rifles, 100 men, ten
shots each. The Fifth is waiting to hear
from the First. The arrangement ot de- i
tails has been left to Lieutenant Heller,
I. R. P., Fifth Regiment.
The celebration that is to be held in
honor of the victory of the rifle team of
the First Regiment Infamy, Second Bri
gade, over the Hawaiian team will in all
probability occur in March.
A committee composed of the lieuten
ants of the several companies of the First
Regiment Infantry, Second Brigade, and
the junior majors of the regiment have
now in charge a plan to organize athletic
sports for the men. It is proposed to
follow the plan that is in operation in the
City of New York and have field days at
different times in the year, an.t, in time,
to organize teams to enter into friendly
contests with the soldiers stationed at the
Presidio. The committee will meet shortly
to arrange details.
For a time it was supposed that Lieu
tenant-Colonel Duboce would not have an
opponent for the vacant colonelcy of the
First Regiment, of which he has been yir
tuallv in command since the reorganiza
tion, but Maior Adolph Huoer, on the re
tired list, has come forward as a caadidate
for the position. The indications are that
he is not in it with his stronger opponent.
At the meeting of the board of officers of
the .fifth Regiment Infantry, Second
Brigade, it was decided that at camps in
future there should be company mess in
stead of a caterer as in tne past. The
several companies will draw their rations
from the commissary and the men will
cook their food "just as is done in the
regular army." There were issued orders
to ascertain* the cost of a certain camp
oven and utensils for companies of
seventy-five men each.
The matter of drills for the year was
discussed and instruction in relation
thereto for the year were issued. Colonel
Fairbanks is very anxious that the men
of his command shall be as proficient as
possible, and to that end he devotes a
great deal of time and personal attention
to Have the men prppeny instructed.
The I bird Brigade.
FRESNO, Cal., Jan. 21.— 1n a military
sen>e Fresno is one of the mo«t important
cities in California, as the headquarters ot
the Third Brigade are located here, with
Brigadier-General Muller commanding.
The Third Brigade consists of the Second,
Sixth ami Eighth infantry regiments.
General Muller's Btaff, located in Fresno,
are: T. J. Hay, colonel and as-istaut
adjutant-general ; Dr. A. J. Pedlar,
colonel and brigade surgeon; Captains
George A. Miller and Nick Kittle, aids
de-camp.
The Sixth Infantry Regiment com
prises the companies in the San Joaquin
Valley. The regimental headquarters are
at Stockton, Colonel J. J. JNanan com
manding. The Sixth Infantry is divided
into the Ninth and Tenth the
headquarters of both being in Fresno.
Lieutenant-Colonel S. S. Wrieht of this
city is in command of the Ninth, and
Mujor Colin Chisholm of the Tenth. It
will therefore be seen that Fresno is well
to the fore in military circles.
Of the two local companies Company F
is in command of Captain George W.
Jones, and Company C in command of
Captain George O.Duncan. E ich com
pany has a membeiship of about sixty
well-drilled men. The regular weekiy
drills of Company C take place on Tues
day evenings, and those of Company F on
Thursday evenings. Once a month the
two companies drill together in battalion
movements under command of Major
Chisholm or Colonel Wright Advantage
is taken of moonlight nights, and the bat
talion drills are held in the streets.
Much interest is taken in target prac
tice and the two companies are fast com
ing to the front as marksmen. They have
made a great improvement durine the
past year and several excellent scores are
made at every shoot.
The quarters for the two companies in
Armory Hall are comfortably fitted up,
probably as weil as any armory in the
State. The officers' rooms adjoin those of
the companies and are well furnished.
The guardsmen Lave been ta>knig of
giving a number of socials and dances
during the winter, but so far none have
materialized. Company Cis preparing to
give a grand ball at the armory on Feb
ruary 22.
The Sixth Regiment.
MERCED, Cal., Jan. 22.— Captain Gra
ham received a deserved compliment in
General Orders No. 1, is ued from the
headquarters ol the Third Brigade, where
he r.as mentioned as one of the two com
pany commanders in the brigade who
forwarded reports on the emergency call
of last November. Captain Graham is a
careful and painstaking officer and has
the routiue work of his office well sys
tematized.
One of the Stockton papers contained a
rumor last week that the Sixth Regiment
would encamp for this year's tour of duty
at Wawona. The statemeut is considered
by memb rs of Company H to be a mere
rumor.
Wawona would undoubtedly be a de
lightful spot for an encampment, but its
selection would be unfortunate, as it
would consume a great part of the ten
days in ftoinu and coming, and its isolated
locality would make it a very expensive
selection. The boys here hope that the
rumor is unfounded, as they want to get
all the benefit possible out of the few days
they will spend in camD and -want to see
it conducted as cheaply as possible.
The company clerk has decorated his
office with v varied assortment of calen
dars, large, small, plain and ornamental.
He requests the correspondent lo say that
he wouid thankfully receive any that
might be donated and will tenderly and
carefully tack tuem on the wall, where
there is yet room for a few more.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
BALDWIN HOTEL.
J Cozzens. San Jose 8 W Ardwell, Stockton
E M Hughes, USX E Korff, Sauiallto
S Sallyer, Port Costa H Jicse-i. Los Gatos
J L Greenbaum, Seattle F< > Cannach, s>t Louis
F B Miller A w. Cal M Bowers, vv innipeg
J H Bees, Memphis C M Hunter, Nw Orleans
M Friedlander, Chicago is A Hutchlton, Omaha
H M Clay, Fresno
PALACE HOTEL.
J T Kittle, Salt Lnlce G A Shaefer, N V
T B Kickly. Nevada E M Gddden, Boston
F F. Cooper & w, i 0,0 F F Dwer, Sacto
C M Goodsll, Oakland P Allaire, Stafford
E B Kettle. NY O Groenow. Por.land
Mr A. -Mrs Hauff, Conn E M Ross. Los Angeles
Dr Henderson, NY J F Delap, N V
C W booth, NY A Meyer, France
W A Frost, Chicago A C JJlngnam, Cal
M O Solomon, Los Ang
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
C M Dericcorh Man Jose D C Broderick, Or|
D Hanley, Benlcla J J JDor«herty. Benicta
FAd ley. Eureka H Nathan, <ston
J Burns*"-, Cincinnati RII Porden. Denver
J H Potter. Chicago H Angel, Chicago
P J Morgan. Chicago J B Flushing, Chicago
James John. Cal M J Martin, Chicago
G C Bastem.Sacto T C Smith, Mexico
A Felilneaud, Conn Miss Hathaway, Bakrfild
Miss L Hathaway, Bkrfd Mr Sllvey, Kern City
M Wallace, Kern City, J O'Connell, Los An eles
GRAND HOTEL.
L L Lane, Angels Camp F A Boole. Red Bluff
J L Turner, sac'.O P P Uraves, Stockton
J McMorry. Sacto X Borbeck, Keadi.,g
ZJ Le Fure, Los ■ iato» M j.esse, .Santa Cruz
G Holman, New Orleans W Hammond, N Orleans
11 i.fley, Santa Cruz E James & w, Oakland
T A Jackson, New York R G Willis, Cincinnati
AG Owen*, Loi Angeles S B Atkins, College City
Miss Holden, San Jos) Miss I olden, san Clara
W X Jenks, can Diego T F Peck. Portland, Or
L W Wade, Tacoma L F Barker, San Diego
M P Miller, Spokane F M West, Stockton
A Boecklin, Los Angeles W A stows n i w, Pa
G Whi c, Aiapleton C X Green, Mapleton
C T Lin isev, Visa. la H D Lai.sen, Orovllle
J a Hani? <fe w, .\' V W W Doußl&as. Saoto
I E J Lowrey, Fresno W P Whltley, Erie, Pa
C P Bonsatt, Cincinnati 0 Relchliny. Jackson
A W Kicss, Alieghany J j white. Fresno
J W Crabb. Oakvllle 11 S Major, Cal
J Smith. Cal D F Warwick, 111
W R Tompkins, I.ompoc L Gerlach & w, Stockton
Miss Gerlnch, Stockton T H Fallon, Stockton
C D W Brownell, USN
BUSS HOUSK.
V Frank. France X W Masters, San Rafael
R J Cogg-ihall, a Jose W Goo I man. Isle ton
H S»nfleld <few, Los Ang R Thackery, N V
Miss Buttler. Humboldt E C Park, Kureka
Mrs C snider, s Delgo Mrs C sheldoi , Riverside
W road. New Zealand H Grimm, Astoria
D Williams A wl, Or H Presley 4 wf , B C
F M Graham, San Jose H W Fletcher, Or
R A Rouse, 111 E Howard, Mass
Mrs s J Stewart, 111 R E Smith & wf. Or
8 W Banm & wf, LI T P Blackler, La
J W Hnrpstrite, 111 O Trlmminßham, sdnol
P B MUM, Mont H Trimmlngham, >unol
M.lB M Wood, Oakland J s Sweet, Santa Rosa
8E t. avenu-t, I'.ureka G Stentzwell, San Deigo
Mine Port en berg, atanfd O R Strong, San Diego
G W Gibson, Stanford J C Hickok, Healdsourg
>• F Porter. Nevada Miss M Keyser. Oakland
J M Van Nest, Chicago Mrs J > McKay, Oakland
Mrs J II ldebram, La J S Bush, X V
Uii Davis, Pleasamon C A Cook, Watson villo
C s Graig iV wt, i-.lmira C a Carroll, alistoga
J Mosner. Niles J A Gell, Trnckee
H P \anen, Sonoro J Han, San Diego
hK' lso. Grass Valley H Doyle, Utah
C A Abbou. Cal D Long, jn V
a Uanaen, NY W Hum.li, 2f V
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 25, 1897.
STILL DIFFER ON
SCHOOL DEFICITS
One Director Figures a Sur
plus and Another a
Shortage.
Waller Insists That Schools
Must Close or Salaries
Be Cut Off.
Hawley Again Mak s Figures Show
in; That tee New Board
Claims Too Much-
Charles H. Hawley, ex-School Director,
makes reply to the statement of School
Director Waller concerning a deficit in
the school fund and the possible necessity
of asking the teachers to wait for the last
month's salary or closing the schools one
month short of the usual time.
Mr. Waller is the chairman of the
Finance Committee of the present School
Board and Mr. Hawley was chairman of
the same committee of the previous board.
Mr. Hawley said yesterday: "The trou
ble with Mr. Walier's position is that he
claims the present board ought to have
the entire State appropriation. When the
board of which I was a member went into
office practically the same condition of
finances confronted us that confronts the
present board. The last half of the total
amount due from the State is not avail
able till about June 8, alter the close of
the fiscal year. Let the teachers go on
and wait for their last month's pay, or
when the money comes in in June it can
be tola whether any decrease is necessary.
It is impossible for anybody to tell the ex
act amount of money that will come from
the State. I do not think it is necessary
to close the schools at all."
Mr. Hawley 's statement is as follows:
It seems to be the aim of Director Waller, as
far as the finances of ih>: School Department
are concerned, to figure on a supposed deficit
(which may or may not exist at the ciose of
th- fiscal year) and make it as large as possi
ble, instead of looking en the bright s-ide of
the question.
During the fiscal year 1895-96 the last
DOMrd, aiter receiv.ng the tipuropiiation of
$1,000,000 from the Supervisors, were con
fronted with the name question of a supposed
deficit thai might exist at the end of the fiscal
year. Instead of giving the press column
after column of information day after day
about a .supposed deficit that mignt exist, we
did, when necessary, withhold a portion of
the teachers' salaries, and at the close of the
fiscal year, after paying the teachers ;h»ir
back salary, had a t-urplus of $41,277 25,
which was accomplished without consul ting
the pre~s.
Now as to a few of Director Waller's criti
cisms on my report:
My figures, as given for publication yester
day, are absolutely correct, and agree wiih
Mr. Waller's statement as far as the receipt of
$420,118 63 from the City is concerned; but
the first installment of $413,694 72 from the
State fund Mr. Waller wants to credit to the
new board, which would mean that the old
board, for the last six months of the year,
were not entitled to any money from the
State, but that the new board should have the
entire $630,000 or more, received from this
fund. If >o the receipts of the old boarrt for
the last six months would be $420,118 63,
and as the supervisors appropriated $1,200,
--000 for the year, Mr. Waller would have
$780,000 to run the department the remain
der of the fiscal year.
The first installment from the State is due
December 31, 1896. It is the receipts from
State taxes received from July 1 to December
31 of each year, anil as it lakes the State Con
troller several days to close accounts with the
cities und counties of the State it is impossible
to receive it on or beiore January 10 of the
following year and it is a; ways included in
the receipts of the school fund of the previous
six months.
Iv speaking of a deficit I have always spoken
of it as occurring at the cud of the fiscal year,
if at all, as that is the only time it can occur
alter the receipts for the entire year have
been received.
According to Mr. Waller's statement the new
board ie expected to run the department on
$199,000 (i;i six months), the surplus left by
the old board.
T" the surplus of $199,000 left January 1,
1897, must be added tne income for six
months for rents, ;rom the second installment
01 taxes, mid from the second installment
from the Stat-; turn], which will probably
amount in all from $020,000 to $650,000, and
from that sum must L>e deducted the bnlance
of $143,000 to become due on the Mission
High School contracts, leaving tho pre-ent
board a probable sum ranging from $480,000
to $510,000 or more for tne balance of the
year.
For Mr. Waller's special benefit I wish to
say that if at the close of the term of office of
the present board he does not include the first
installment oi taxes received irom the State
fund in his receipts, the board will retire with
a large shortage.
In conclusion, I wish to state emphatically
that my report on the school fund upon my
retirement from office simply showed the con
dition of the fund at mat time, and did not
enter into any question of a deficit which
might occur at the ciose of the present fiscal
year.
Director Waller said last evening: "Mr.
Hawley's figures look all right, but they
are not a business man's figures. They
do not show the facts as they do exist and
will exist at the end of the fiscal year. As
he say-, we have $199,000. We havd* more
than that — $250.000— 0ut that will not
carry us through. Any way it can be fig
ured we will have a deficit Juno 1 of about
$90,000, including the teachers' salaries for
the half month of November. The State
tax^s are an unKnown quantity. I think
it will be necessary to reduce or cut off
salaries or close the schools. By doing
a*ay with special teachers and substitutes
and practicing tlie greatest . economy in
several directions I think we can save
about. $20,000 and puil through with a
small margin."
BIG rOOTBALL CONTEST.
Chicago Champion* May Come to Con
test With the Gaels.
Some of the members of the four foot
ball clubs that compose the Gaelic Foot
ball Association bad an informal meet
ing at the ball grounds at Golden Gate
Park yesterday for the purpose of discuss
ing plans for selecting a team from the
four clubs to so into training to meet a
crack team from Chicago, which has pro
posed to come here and spend a week
some time during the next summer.
The four clubs here which compose the
Gaelic Association are the Emmets, the
Parnells, the Celtics and the San Fran
ciscos.
The captain of the Celtic Club of Chicago
has written to the clubs here to inquire if
they will arrange for a contest for suprem
acy 011 or about the 4th of July next.
Captain Fred Palmer of the Emmets
and Captain A. Mclnery of the San Fran
ciscos think that a team can be selected
from the men of the Gaelic Association
here thai will either beat the Chicago
champions or come so near it that the
Chicagoans will know they have been in a
football came.
There will probably be four exhibition
games given by the Gaelic men before the
contest with Chicago.
The meeting on the ball ground yester
day was to practice and consult about the
matter informally. A regularly called
meeting to make final arrangements will
be- held later.
The Power of Thought.
Mrs. Mary A. Wells lectured last night be
fore the Theosophical Society in Native Sons'
Hall, her subject being, "The Power of
Thought and Its Relation to Humanity." The
speaker maintained that the ideas of Balzac
are correct; that thought is a natural force in
nature, like electricity, and that will controls
it. The lecture brought out mnny questions
which the speaker answered according to her
theories.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUPINKSS OFFICE of the San Francisco Cam~
710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
Eight Id the y ear.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery itreet,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
889 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, open
until 9 o'clock.
261 S Mission street, open untH 9 o'clock.
167 Nlntb street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
1305 Polk street: open tin 11 9:30.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
»^3p» SAN FRANCISCO CHAPTER NO. _
Hfr~->' 1, Koyal Arch Masons, meets THIS
EVENING, M. M. degree. iLjK.
H. G. PRICE, secretary, >V>
B__?« OCCIDENTAL LODGE NO. 22, F. _■ .
S^-^ and A. M.-Called meeting THIS
(MONDAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. TKjf
Jhird degree. By order of the W. M. Vis- / *W >
lting brethren cordially lnviied.
KDW. F. DKLGER, Secretary.
it_s" EXCELSIOR LODGE NO. 166. F. * '
EF-^ and A. M.— Special meeting MON-^V,,
DAY, January 25, lit 12:30 P. M., for the^_jr
purpose of conducting the funeral services '^w >
of our late brother, M. J. WRIGHT. Sojourn-
ing brethren and friends are invited. By order of
the Master. TH ko. K. SMITH, Secretary.
H_a?= KING SOLOMON'S LODGE, NO. _[
vE^* 260, F. and A. _ cor. Geary and __t\_.
steiner sis.— < ailed meeting THIS (MON-^r_Jr
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock, ssecona / V »
degree. By order of the master.
HARRY BAEHR, Sec.
B_3K= HERMANN LODGE NO. 127, If. • -
E6=-e r and A. M. — Called meeting THIS _/__
DAY (Monday), January 25, 1897. at 7:30 /SJT
P M. Deg. 3. By orf er of the W. M. f^T^
L. SCHUMACHER, Secretary.
IKS' CALIFORNIA LODGE, I. O.
»-& O. F.. No. ] — Members take
notice, you are requested to attend z£*k*3}*s~j:
meeting MONDAY KVENING. Janu- "TOW*
ary 25. Initiatory degree. il _
W. G. DAY WALT, N. G.
Chables E. Post. Rec. Sec. _________
O_7S» .-oulsbv CONSOLIDATED GOLD
IS-*' Mining Company— Not cc Is hereby given
that the regular annual meeting of the stock-
ho ders of the above company Will be held at their
office, room 7. Milla building, San Francisco, Cal.,
on WEDNESDAY. February 3, 1897.
:.;; / ' EDWARD W. HEBARD, Secretary.
MA>ON 1 C CX MET KRY ASSOCIATION.—
or<& The annual meeting of lot-owners in the
Masonic Cemetery will be held at the Masonic
Temp'eO'i TUbsDAY AFTERNOON. February
2, 1897, at 2 o'clock, lor the election of three
trustees and such bus! nets as may legally come
before It GEO. J. HOBE, (secretary.
TH-TreGULAR ANNUAL MEETING
W~& of the .stockholders of the National Ice Com-
pany will be had at the office »f the company, 327
Market st. San Francisco, Cal., on WEDNES-
DAY, the 3d day of February, 1897, at th" hour of
11 o'cloci a. M, for the purpose of electing a
board of directors to serve for the ensuing year
and the transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting.
J. 1. DONAHUE, Secretary.
Office 327 Market st., > an .Francisco, Cal.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
jt-g=» BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR *4:
mr-^B' collections made, city or country. Paclflo
1 election Co.. 415 Monte- St. room 6. T»\ 6580
SITUATIONS WANTED-FEMALE.
STRONG GERMAN GIRL WISHES TO DO
housework: is a eoo4 cook; $15. Apply MRS.
G. NOI-.TON. 315 Sutter St.
ITUATION WANTE" TO DO GENERAL
O housework In small family by neat, active,
elderly woman; eood cook; city or country. Call
or address A. B. C box 121, Call.
DEFINED ENGLISH WIDOW: SUNNY NA-»
Xt ture: experienced housekeeper: good cook; for
widower: country preferred. 989 Howard st,cor.
Sixth, room '-'3, second flour, front.
QITUATION WAN ED TO COOK AND DO
O general housework In small family -by neat,
active, middle-aged woman; city or country: rea-
sonable wages. Address A. B. C, box 121, Call.
espectable competent woman
wants to do general housework in city in an
American family: good plain cook; good ref-
er, nee. Call 1807 Mission st. '
pOMPETENT WOMAN WANTS WORK BY
\J the day: washing, ironing, house-cleaning.
MRS. ALLEN, 3531/2 Minna st., bet. Fourth and
Fiith (rear).
VODX': WOMAN WANTS SEWING OR
X mending to do at home. Apply room 6,821
Mission st.
pKSPKt table PERSON WISHES a situa-
lt tion to do housework in a small family ; small
wash: city or country; good references. Apply 7
Van Ness aye.
IV" OMAN WANTS A PLACE TO DO GEN-
•" eral housework; city or country. 10 Wet-
more place, off Washington, between Powell and
Mason am.
RES>MAKER, FORMERLY WITH THE
City of Paris, wishes work in families; tlrji-
clasei refe'ences: terms, $1 00 a day. Call or ad-
dr«ss 1205 Vis Devisadero St.
ITUATION WANTED BY A RELIABLE
woman; light housework and washing: un-
derstands the care of children. 21 Franklin st.
near Market, room 10.
/'ERJIAN WIDOW WITHOUT CHILDRKN
"' wans a position; can cook, wash, iron, good.
213 Perry st.
\TEvT YOUNG HEAL I GERMAN GIRL
-li desires a si ion as wetnurse. Address G. G.,
box 77. Call office.
VKAT, MIDDLE-AGED WoMAN DESIRES A
i-i situation to do cooking and housework; good
home; small wages. 8-9 a Howard *t.
p OOD GERMAN COOK WISHES SITUATION
VJ in private family to do housework. 1024 How-
ard st., room 16.
EKM AN WOMAN WANT-* WORK BY THE
day cooking, washing, housecleaning; sleep
home. Addies* M. 8., 1618 Mission st.
pOMPETKNT WOMAN WISHES TO DO
\J cooking and housework: city or country. 120
Eleventh st.
WF.DISH WOMAN DESIRES WORK BY
the day; general housework and '■ cleaning of
any Kind. 311 Jessie st.
p ERMAN WOMAN WANTS WASHING.
vi lronin; or housecleaning by the day. Please
call 2 Welch st.
SITUATION WANTED BY A COMPETENT
0 American woman; general housework or cook-
ing: reference if required. 811 1/2 Mission st
VI RAT YOUNG Gl RL WISHKis TO DO LiGHT
i-' housework iv small family ; 2Vs years' refer-
ence. Call 317 Grove St., near Franklin.
KFIN-D YOUNG LADY DESIRES A POSI-
tlon: is a good housekeeper. 167 Seventh st.,
room 10, second floor.
"yOUNG SCANDINAVIAN GIRL, PLAIN
X cook, wishes a situation to do housework in a
good private family. 751 Howard st.
p ERMAN GIRL WANTS SITUATION FOR
VT cooking and downstairs work. 19 Folsomave.,
off 1 olsoin st. bet. Seventh and EUhth.
' OUNG GERMAN GIRL DESIRES A PLACE
to do light housework or mind baby. 221 Fill,
more st, near Hnlitht.
SPANISH YOUNG LADY WOULD LIKK A
k? situation in hotel or lodging-bouse. D., box
133, Call Office.
rpHUSTWORTHY YOUNG LADY WISHES
X position in office, store or business house; ref-
erences. Box 4. Call Office.
ITUATION \VA TED AS HOUSEKEEPER
by an experienced young widow; ana v from
city; references exchanged. Address S. Z., box
91. Call Office.
RESPECTABLE GIRL WISHKS SITUATION
XV at upstairs work and waiting at table. P., box
43, this office.
EFI.SED YOUNG LADY OF MANY AC-
compllshmenis; recently from the East:
speakd 3 languages; desires housekeeper's place;
widower's home preferred. Koom 17, 120 Ellis
st,, second fl or.
G~ IRL WISHES HIT CATION IN FAMILY OF
2 or 8, housework and plain cooking; city or
Oakland. D. D., box 56. Call office.
V OU>O WOMAN WAISTS WORK BY THE
X day washing and cleaning, or would do cham-
ber work and s eep home. Address W.W., box 77,
Call Offlco.
pOM PETENT WOMAN DESIRES WASHING
\J or any kind of housework: terms $1 per day.
Address E., box 11, call Office.
\\- OMAN WANTS Mi-.N'S WASHING AND
* * mending; also plain washing. Apply 211 Na-
toma st. .
\ih MiGt.,,MA.v WKL--EDUCATEDLADY
X wants si: ion to give German lessons and to
help around the house. . Address norland st., bet.
seventeenth and kighteentb nr. Guerrero.
DOOR WOMAN WANTS WORK BY DAY.
X week or mouth: will cook, wash or nurse. 947
Mission su
rpHuROUGHLY EXPKRIENCED GERMAN
X (Protestant) infant's ; nurse would take entire
charge of. baby in city or country; best refei-
euces. Nurse, box 45. Call Office.
VI IDDLK-AGKD WOMAN WISHES POSl-
i'l. tion at housekeeper or as nurse; best of refer-
ence; city or country. Call all weeK at 36 Moss st.
off .Howard, bet. sixth and seventh.
p OOD DRESSMaKKK WOULD LIKE A FEW
VJ more engagements by the day; terms moder
ate. Address M. .->., box 132, Call.
■y OU.\ v GERMAN-JEWISH GIRL WISHES
X to do general housework .- In small family.
Please call 607 Minna, bet. Seventh and Eighth. -
/yOUNG GERMAN WOMAN DEBIRES ANY
X kind or wjrk by the day; at. $1 23. Address
521 Seventh st.
OOP FRENCH . COOK WISHES POSITION
as housekeeper in widow's family or cook In
private house. 10 H anover place, off Sacramento
a:., bet. Powell and Mason.
■yorNG WOMAN JUST FROM FRANCE
: X wishes place: teach French: second work or
waltinr: good references. ■ Address Y. ii., box 77,
Call Office.
ITUATION WANTED BY GERMAN SEO
ond girl; is neat, respectable and willing: also
a good sewer. Address G.. box i.9, Call Office.
"L"lhst-class eastern dressmaker
1 wishes a few families tosewfor; $1 50 per aay;
best of references. Address M. A., 915 Polk au -
SITUATIONS WASTED-Contlinmii.
WIDOW OF 4O WISHES POSITION AS MAN-
' » a?ing or working housekeeper: is neat and
economical ; references. 813 a Hayes st
/GERMAN NURSE WISHES ENGAGEMENT
vX by lady in confinement, sick lady and children.
132 sixth st., room i 6.-
VTKAT GERMAN GIRL WISHES PL>CE TO
i.' do upstairs work. Address 8., box 43, Call.
ATTRACTIVE WIDOW DESIRES A PLACE
A as housekeeper In widower's house or lodging-
house. Apply, 10 to 5 only, room 6. 1007 Market.
VOUN(J WIDOW WANTS GENTLEMEN'S
X mending at home. 106 Fourth st., room 2.
"RESPECTABLE W. MAN WANTS WORK
XV by the day: washing ironing or cleaning.
3350 Twenty-sixth cL, cor. Capp.
T>EFIN«.D YOUNG LADY, 17 YEARS OLD;
Alt wishes home or to be companion to some lady:
has musical education. MISS L. STONE, Gen-
eral Delivery, Oakland.
A TTRACTIVE YOUNG WIDOW, UNINCUM-
■£*- bered, desires place as working housekeeper.
122 Post st, room 2.
A CCOMPLISHED YOUNG LADY WANTS TO
A secure a place as housekeeper; bachelor's or
widower's home. Room 2, 223 Post st.
yODNU WOMAN WOULD LIKE POSITION
X as housekeeper: city or country. Call 144
Fifth St., room a " ■-
EXPERIENCED HOUSEKEEPER (WIDOW)
wants work in widower's or bachelor's house-
hold; country preferred. 88 Ninth St., room 17:
hours, 11 a. — . to 9p. m. . .
RKFINED MIDDLE-AGED WIDOW WISHES
housekeeper's position for widower or elderly
couple. Call or address Ramona, room 17, cor. of
Thirteenth and Harrison sts.. Oakland.
OUNG LADY WOULD LIKE SITUATION
Xas seamstress or governess. Apply 138 a
Fourth st, room 4.' •■
ADY EXPERIENCED IN MANAGING
hotel or lodging-bou c desires a position in
same. Apply 1148 Suiter st
\V INCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
»» Market: 200 rooms v.sc 10 $150 per night;
$1 50 to $6 per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
ANT AD* AND SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
The Call are taken at Branch Office, south-
west corner sixteenth and Mission it.
' SUBSCRIPTIONS AND WANT ADS FOR THE
0 Call taken at branch office, 339 Hayes St.;
open until i):'S) o'clock. *
W COR. SIXTEENTH ST., NEAR MlS-
slon; branch office of Th» Call. Sub-
scriptions and want ads taken.
7 Q LARKIN-BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
1 110 CA L: "nbs' rlntions an • ant ad« taken.
SITUATIONS WANTED MALE.
"c^cmiiSß^TNir japa-
nese employment omce, 17 Webb St., below
Kearney, nr.Cal.: tel.muin 231. YOUNG, ingr
JAPANESE INTKLLIGKNCii AGENCY. R.
d 90. St. Ann's bl'g, 6 Eddy at.: tel l>lain 5234.
PHINKSF; & JAPAN KST'D 20 YKARS;
\Jhelp:tel.maln 1997. BRADLEY & C 0..640. .640 Clay
PHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
\J office: beat help. 411^ Q'Farrell. Tel. E. 426.
\\r ANTED — MIDDLE-AGED AMERICAN,
' » with references, wan s situation as garde,. er
and general work about private place: horses, cow;
handy with tools: moderate wages. Address Will-
ing, box 119, Call Office.
LDERLY MAN, GOOD KITCHENHAND,
would like position to help in kitchen or do
some other light thing for his living. Please
call P. P., '-27 Minna st.
"yOUNG MAN WANTS POSITION AS DXI-
X ver for baker's wagon: good references; country
preferred. W. 8., Posiofflce, Alameda.
/i ARDKNKR WHO UNDERSTANDS THE
VI propagation of plants in all its branches de-
sires position with private f,ui.i!y. Address G. M.,
box 12, Call Office. Oakland. ,
STEADY, LI ABLE .SCANDINAVIAN
O wants work of any kind; can d:ive and care
for horses. D. F.. box 132, Call office.
TJUTCHER WANTS WORK: CITY OH COUN-
X) try: good reference. Address A. 15., box 43,
C..U Office.
VI ANTED— WORK BY YOUNG MAN (GER-
• * man) as dishwasher, assist in cooking, walling
or other want; city or country. Please address
H. MILLER, 631 Sacramento st, room 15.
pOACHMAN, COMPETENT, STEADY AND
\J careful driver; thoroughly understands his
business in all its branches; experienced in train-
ing young horses, coachman, box 41, Call Office.
ITUATION WANTED SIP SWEDISH
coachman In private family; city; good horse-
man and house worker: careful driver; knows the
care of finest carriages and harness; willing and
obliging: four years with one lamily; best ref-
erence. D., box 160, this office.
■EXPERIENCED ELEVATOR-MAN WOULD
Xj ike position; good references. J. B , box 43,
Call Office.
EXPERIENCED SALESMAN AND BOOK-
keeper, possessing knowledge of German, de- j
sires situation in city or out of town, smusmau, :
box 2, Call. ■_
T>Y YOUNG GERMAN, POSITION AS CLERK
Xj in cash grocery; have had some experience:
object, future partnership. Address G. C. , box 52,
Call office. !
YOUNG BOY WHO UNDERSTANDS PLAIN I
X cooking and walling (good speaker) wants per- j
manent position as schoolboy: city. Address
JAPANESE PETER, 1909 Flllmor« st.
AN AND WIFE WILL TAKE CHARGK OF
or assist in lodging- house 011 reasonable terms.
Address O. P.. box 89, Call Office.
TTIXPERIENCKD MAN WANTS TO RAISE
Jj and can berries on shares. S., box 7, Call.
OBER. YOUNG MARRIED MAN. WITH
kJ best of referent wishes employment as
teams er or any other work; city or country.
S. V., box 76. Call Office.
OUNG MAN SPEAKING GERMAN AND
X English, handy with tools, a good driver, well
acquainted, wishes a situation. Address A. R.,
box 14. Ca 1 Office. ■
V\," ANTED — MIDDLE-AGED AMERICAN
*» with references wants sluntion as gardener
and general work about private place; horses, cow;
handy with tools; moderate wages. Address Wil-
ling, box 119. call Office.
POSITION WAN lED BY EXPERIKNCED
J jewelry, learner cools and notion ' salesman:
also good window-dres.ier; best references. Ad-
dress Ref, box 1, Call Office.
QOBER AND RELIABLE YOUNG MAN
0 wants situation as porter or driver; not afraid
to work. Address H. It., box 11, Call Office, Oak-
land.
\f IDDLE-AGED GERMAN WISHES 81TUA-
i'JL tion as janitor, ban ly with tools: references.
H. F., box 1, Call Office.
YOUNG MAN. 21. WISHES A SITUATION
X as fireman or coil- passer; experience of three
years. Address J. L., box 122, Valh jo.
ACHINIST WOULD LIKE POSITION TO
take charge of engine; city or country. C M.
R.. 10 Steuart st.
TRONO YOUNG MAN WITH EXPERI-
ence as watchman; wisnes situation; has best
of references and can give good security; can at-
tend to engine or do other, work if desired. Ad-
dress 8. , box 1, Call Office.
"7 MARKET HT.— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
"i Call: want ads and subscriptions taken.
«_>•_>(» HAVES ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
OOV Ted Call; subscriptions and want ads
taken.
"ORANCH OFFICE OF THE CALL. 167 NINTH
XJ st.— Want ads and subscriptions taken.
MARKET ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF THJS
Call: want ads and subscriptions taken.
,-4>7 MONTGOMERY. COttNER OF CLAY—
O£ I Open until 9:30 o'clock; branch office of
the Call: subscriptions and want ads. taken,
INCHKSTKR HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST., Nit.
" Market; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night;
$1 50 to $6 per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry. .
* WEEK'S NEWS FOR 6 CENTS — TH3
i\- WEEKLY CALL, to wrapper, for mailing.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
'\tf~ASTKV—3™NUJltiE*ri2o AN D «2_V " 3
second girls. $20 and $25; German chamber-
maid and laundress, $25: German, Scandinavian
or French cook, no wishing. $30: 2 waitresses,
hotel nd restaurant, $<!U and $.5, and' a large
number of girls to fill situations In city and coun-
try. J. F. CROSETT A Co., 316 butter st
HOUSEKEEPERS, $10, $12 AND $15 PER
month; girl. Van Ness aye., $15: girl. Green
ft. $15: girl. Powell St., $15; girl, Fillmore st.,
$15: girl. Fddy st, $.6; nursenirl. $10. slei-p
home; girl, Broadway, $16: girl, Franklin st, $15:
girl, Hyde St., $15: 17 young girls, $8 $10 and
$12 per month, assist, etc iUuli.N's, 749
Market st.
IRL, FOLSOM ST.. $20; GIRL, WEBSTER
st, $20; 3 girls, Washington st., $20: girl,
Eddy st, $20: girl. Laguna St., $20; girl, Kennett,
Cal.. $25, call cany; girl. Pine $20; girl. Oc-
tiivia st., $20; girl, Scott at, $25; girl. Clay St.,
$25. MARTIN'S, 749 Market st.
VV r AITRi HH, $5 A WEh.K; WAITRESS, $18
IT and room; cook, few boarders, . $20 and
room; German chambermaid, $20 and room:
German Cook, $25; waitress, city, $20 and room;
waitress, country. $15 and room. MARTIN'S,
749 Market.
GENT— INSURANCE COMPANY; $50 PER
month. MARTIN'S, 749 Market.
p ERMAN GIRL, COOK, $25. MARTIN'S^
VI 749 Market st.
C 1 ERMAN, FRENCH OR SWEDISH COOK,
I $35; 2 second girls. $26 and $20: nurse. $20:
10 housework girls, city nnd country, $20 and
$25; 8 young gins, assist, $10 to $15. MISS CUL-
LE.N. 323 Sutler st.
VTURSE; $20; 1 CHILD. MISS CULLEN, 323
Sutter st.
p ERMAN GOVERNESS; $25. MISS CULLEN,
VI 323 -ntter st '
OUSEWORK GIRL, SLEEP HOME, $18.
MISS CULLEN. 823 Sutler st.
Ur -ANTED — ENGLISH-AMERICAN COOK,
"'country, $35: 2 German cooks, *30 and $35;
2 French cooks. $20 and $25: governess, ' must
understand French or German and music, $30 10
$35: firls for housework and assist. LEON
ANDRE. 315 Stockton st.
NFANT'S NUR-.E, $25; WAITRESS, PRI-
-1 vate family, $26; upstairs girl, $20: 6 girls for
housework and several others. MRS. HIRD.
721 Ellis st -
ESPECTABLE GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSE-
work; $6 month. 4-7 .Naioma sb
HT.TjT WANTED-Contlnn#rt,
WOMAN COOK. PLAIN BOARDING-HOUSE,
near city. $20; ranch co.ks, $15 and $20:
girl, care of children and light »'<jusework. no
cookiuz, $IS. and others, at MURRAY <&
READY*, Leading Employment Agents. 634-
-630 clay st.
V OUN« WOMAN TO COOK FOR A FKW MEN,
I country. $15. fare paid, fW***,?" DV '
Leading Employment A gents. 634-636 Clay st.
SECOND GIRL, COUNTRY, *15. C. R. HAN-
._ sEN Ca, 110 Geary st.
OFFICE FKK REDUCED; 25 CTS.; yitti-ouj?
ail uatlonali:ies to nil various po=itloaa. Ger-
man Employment Office, 306 Mason st.
GIRL TO ASSIST AT HOUSEWORK: RF. F-
' JT erences. 3448 Twentieth St., cor. Capp, alter
9 A. M.
GERMAN GIRL FOR COOKING AND
downstairs work; one having worked in Jew-
lsh family preferred. 1130 O'Farrell st.
WANTED-A GERMAN GIRL WHOUNDEB-
sands soneth'nß about cooking. can at
Humboldt House. 1309 Stockton st. ■
I" PANTS- FINISHER. CHICAGO
Woollen Mills, 776 Market at. '. .
APPRENTICE GIRLS TO LEARN TAILOR-
Ing. Chicago Woollen Mills, 775 Market st.
IRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK. APPLY
: 019 a California st.
ERMAN GIRL TO WAIT ON TABLE AND
VJT do upstairs work: 9to 12. 2932 Jackson St.
ANTED— GIRL FOR SECOND WORK AND
waiting. 1307 Hyde st.__
WANTED— YOUNG~GIRL FOR GENERAL
housework. 1624 Geary st
TTIKST-CLASS FINISHER ON VESTS; NO
X other apply. 427 Natoma gt.
■\TJ2AT GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSHiWORK;
XI reference. 411 Leavenworth st.
ELIAKLE MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN, PROT-
estant: for general housework; small family;
steady place; wages $8. X., box 6, Call Office,
Oakland. ,
IRL WANTED TO DO GENERAL HOUSE-
work; wages $10. 843 Castro st.
Y\ ANTED— A FIRST-CLASS WAIST TRIM-
»' mer. Address L. 8., box 11, Call Office.
A PPRENTICE WAN* 1 ED FOR DREBSMAK-
—X ing; good sewer. 424 Post st.
\V ANTED — GIRL WHO UNDERSTANDS
»" German cooking; references reaulred. 2311
Broad .v ay.
BRIGHT WOMAN, PAST SO. ABLE AND
willing to work, to take entire management of
wholesale office. E. D., box 112. Call Office.
ANTED— PUPIL- 1 FOR A PRACTICAL
millinery school; course thorough; class now
forming lor spring work; satisfaction guaranteed;
evening classes. 2L'% <>eary or 410 Leavenworth.
F. DnEbSCUTTING SCHOOL— FRENCH
• tai or system taught. 916 Market St., rm. 54.
T/LYNN'S DRESSMAKING AND CUTTING
X 1 Academy. 14 McAllister St.: $1 a week.
n't C LARKIN I—BRANCH1 — BRANCH OFFICE OF THIS
"ltl Call; subscriptions and want ads. taken.
P" ERFECfYITTING AND STYLISH DRESS
cutting and making taught; easy payments:
unllmiied lessons; patterns 25c. (MCDOWELL
Dresscutting School, 686 Market st.
Vy ANTED— MEN. WOMEN TO LEARN BAB-
" ber trade; only 8 weeks required; tools given:
catalogue sent. s. F. Barber School, 1616 Howard.
lift NINTH st — BRANCH OFFICE of
XI U The Call; subscription and want ads
taken.
AWKENCE CUTTING SCHOOL IS THE
only reliable place for patterns; every one
guaranteed to be perfect. 1231 Market st.
VI OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
J.U. Winchester House, 44 Third st., near Market:
200 rooms: 25c to $1 60 %>er night; $1 60 to $6
per week: free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
MALE HELP WANTED.
WANTED— EXPERIENCED STAGE DRIV-
er, $20 and found; butter-maker, no milk-
Ing, $30 and found; young farmer to learn fruit-
; raisins; shoemaker, $30 and found: drug clerk: 3
i miners to work on shares: cracker-baker, $76,
i and others. Apply to J. F. CLOsJBTT & CO.,
i 628 -acrameuio st.
ECOND COOK, COUNTRY HOTEL, NORTH,
$60; short order cook, must be good on oysters,
$45; neat young hotel waiter, $30. C. K. HAS-
SEN & CO.. 110 Geary st.
XPERIENCED GRAVEL-MINER TO RUN
JL a mine, C. R. HAN SEN & CO., 110 Geary st,
ECOND COOK, HOTRL NORTH, $60; NEAT
upstairs porter, with good references, hotel,
! $^5. C. K. HAN SEN & CO., 110 Geary St.
/-IOOK, $40 AND ROOM, CALL EARLY;
\J waiter, $20 and room: 3 bell and elevator
boys; young man, pantry work and waiting, 815
and room; diiiiwa her, $15 and room: pastry
cook. $50; n ght cook, $6 a week; cook, $8 week;
cook, $60 and room: second cook. 540 and room;
third coo-:, $3.'> and room: vegetable man, $30.
MART N's, 749 Market St.
"Pastry CuuK,sl-J A wkek: CALLEARLY.
X MARTIN'S, 749 Market st
* 1 AN To RAISE AND CAKB FOR BLACK-
-IYI berries. MARTIN'S, 749 Market st.
11 RUBBERS ON RACE TROTTERS. SEE
— boss - here; pruner; 3 farmers. MURRAY &
READY, Leading Employment Agents, 634 and
636 Clay st.
TTOTELCLErtK AND RUNNER, $25 TO $30
n and touud: 2 cooks; 2 waiters: 2 dishwash-
ers. MURRAY & RKADY, Leading Employ-
ment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
I FOREMAN FOR A RANCH; WRITK US
X full particulars, experience, eio. MURRAY &
READY, Leading employment Agents, 634, and
636 Clay st.
\ f ACHINIST AND PUMPMAN F' R A MINE
1U in Napa County. $71 50 per month and free
rent, married man preferred, references required;
second cook for coffee-house, $25: also farmers,
teamsters, coo is, waiters, etc. W. D. EWER &
CO.. 626 Clay st.
WANTED— 2 CARPENTERS. 2 LABORERS.
»' 232 O'Farrell St.; come early.
WANTED— -EVERAL YOUNG MEN FOR
if subjects; Hypnotic lust., 6 O'Farreil st.
\\rAN .;u— A SHOP BUTCHER. INQUIRE
ff 3318 Mission st.
I)OARDING-HOUSE COOK. 922 BATTERY
■xj St.. cor. Green.
OOD STEADY SHOEMAKKR ON NEAT
repairing. 416 Devisadero, be:, oak and Fell.
ARBER-SHOPFOR SALE— 2 CHAIRS; CEN-
X> tral location. Particulars 106 EUs st.
. -CHAIR BARBER-SHOP AND BATH-
— . huu>:e. cheap. BERNARD'S, 102 Seventh su
\\r ANTED TO-DAY— ACTIVE MAN ILL-
' ' Ing to work and invest; $10 cash; $20 weekly
guaranteed; also man with small capital as mana-
kit of branch office; good pay. 215 .-annoiiie, r. 12.
ARBiiR-SHOP FuR SALE: THE BKSI'
1 > 4-chulr shop on Third n.; good location; fine
fixtures. STOLI'Z 630 Market st.
1. AKBER WASHSTANDS. 1,2 AND 3 BOWLS,
I' cheap. H. HUF&CHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate
avenue. •
IF YOU WANT LIGHT AND PROFITABLE
JL employment call »i 1 13 Valencia st. »
\\7 ANTED— SALESMAN EXPERIENCED IN
'» school supplies. Whltaker-Ray C 0. .723 Markt
OR SALE— BARBER-SHOP, WITH THREW
chairs, If desired; also household furniture;
would exchange for country shop also. Address
Barber, box 6, Call
\li ANTED— A PARTNER TO ASSIST THE
» » inventor in handling good patents. Address
O. M. 8., 454 Ninth St., Oakland.
B~OY WANTED— ONE LIVING WITH HIS
parents. Apo'y >'ews Letter, 6Vi Kearnf/ st.
VOBSALE- THREE-CHAIR BERBER-SHOP-
-T cheap. A. B. C. box 104. Call Office.
STYLISH AND DURABLE CALF BHOEB
made to order, $2 50. 959 Howard, nr. Sixth.
TjECRUITS WANTED FOR THE U. S. MA
XV rine Corps, U. s. Able-bodied unmar-
ried men between the ages of 21 and 80 years
who are citizen* of the United Slates, or those
who have legally declared (heir Intention to be-
come such: must, be of good character and habits
and able to speak, read and write English and be
between 6 feet 6 Inches and 6 feet in height. For
further information apply at the Recruiting Office.
20 Kills St., San Francisco, Cal.
lift NINTH ST. — BRANCH OFFICE OF
11U The Call: subscription ' and want ads.
taken.
ARBERa 1 PnOTKCTIVK UNION EMPLOY-
men', secretary. CONRAD TKOKLL. 667 da*
O ARBKII>-FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SKC
li P. C. Barbers' -A mo. s. KXCils. 325 Grant ava.
JOURNEYMEN BAR i, Kits' iiii I'LOVM_-N *'
O secretary .H. BERNARD. 102 t-ever.th st.
LCHOHOUsK, Bb3Vj Market ST.-RoOMd
20c. 26c to 50c night: ' $1 to $2 wee_
9^l ft MISSION — SUBSCRIPTIONS AND
-dUXU want ads taken for THE CALL.
|>OOMS 150 10 75c Pi.X N IGji i • 600 TU »i iiJ
xt per week. Oriental. 225 Drumm st.
SINGLE FURNISH KD ROOMS; 15C A NIGHT:
O 75c week. Llndell House, Sixth and Howard.
vy antj-.d-la borers and mechanics
»» to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third st.: 15J
large rooms; 260 per night; $1 ios:< vet week.
ANT ads AND SUBSCRIPTION-! Jtoß
" The Call are taken at Branch office, south-
west corner Sixteenth and Mission sts.
U ANTED.Tu T WAiiKS I)UK LAlSOit
»' eriKfeclerks. KN'OX Collection Acer 110 Snttar
OK] Q MISSION ST.-BRANCH OFFICE OF
-UIOTh« Call: subscriptions ana want ada
taken.
Simon wants ioo mi to "lii boi-
■ tie beer or wine 6c : best free lunch. 643 Clay
'I'llV ACME Hul'sE, £••? JIAKKKT s'l 1 ., BK-
J. low Sixth, for a room; -&«-' » nlebt: $1 a wee*.
POSEDALE, 321 ELLIS ST.-SINIiLE FUR-
JLV nished rooms, 20c to 25c night, $1 to $1 60 wk.
KVT IN CITY— SINGLE ROOMS, 15, 20 AND
25 cents per night: $1, $1 *5. *1 50 per week.
Pacific House, Commercial and Leidesdorfl sis.
ANTED— AN IDEA: WHO CAN think Off
some simple thing to patent? Protect your
ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHX
WKDDERBURN & CO., Dept. L, Patent Attor-
! neys. Washington. D. li, for their $IaUU vrUM
j offer and list of 200 Inventions wanted.
INCHESTKK HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST., NR.
Market: 200 rooms, 25c a night; reading-
room; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
HELP WANTED— Contfnnoii.
TIT ANTED— SINGLfc ROOMS, 15c A DAY; $1
"f week; rooms for 2, 25c a day. $1 60 _ wee*-
reading-room: dally papers. 36 Clay st. "
\C\l\ MEN TO TAKK LODGING AT 10c, 15<i
IUU and 20c a night, including coffee ana roila.
624 Washington at., near Kearnv.
ANTED, YOUR SHOES- WK XXP A rit
shoes up to 9 o'clock every night; those work-
ing through the day can have their saoes renalr^l
at night while you wait: ladies' soling, Ksc- moa'i
•ollng, 60c; fine shoes made to order from $2 in-
we have a lot of sho*« been damaged by water 1'
less than one-fourth 1 their value, from 25c ud tj
$2 80. 66-i Mission st». bet. First a: . an.l Second "
AGENTS WANTED. ~~~
WANTED- LADY AND GENTLEMAV
agents to se.l our transparent knives and
gooas; good wages made; also beat, mopwriuger
m^r 1 r?i5S3i I SRSSSr Bn - Adllre3S '
A G p^^Fo A n *™n£^»i% L^S
Miles' Personal Becollect ns"; every one waSw
the book written by the commander-in-chlef of tha
United State* army; first agent's commi«inn
$22 in 8 hours. K. PER3OS. aaL c er S^
72»Ma P rke t t m ,f U " Wlul «« *
ROOMS WANTED'
O HOUSEKEEPING ROOMsTnear^^K^
Zi ana Mason sts.; permanent: rent 812. \t ip
H., box 121, Call Office. * ~ H ' E -
ey UNFURNISHED SUNNY ROOMS- LIGIIT
_- housekeeping; state price. J., box, 77 Call
Office.
BOAKDI?fG WANTKIT! ~~~~~
\a; an d— BY~^rr^tinjrrtrLY^oTpXE~^
f » sunny rooms, ■ unfurnished preferred lv Z,
quiet family, with board: terms $50. best refer.
ences; not temporary. P. F., box 16, CalL
• ANTKD— FURNISHED OR UN FURXIsTTTI
"" sun room, with board, for lady and child
Address J. E., tox 104, Call.
BOOMS AND BOARDING WANTED.
HOME WANTED FOR AN OLD RESPECT^
able man: state terms by the year or month-
city or country. H., box 86, Call.
PIANO WANTED. ~~~
ANTED— USE OF GOOD PIANO FOR ITS
'» storage or will give lessons in exchange. Ad-
dress Piano, box 72, Call Office.
WANTED-MISCEIXANEOUS.
UUn^WNGS BOUGHT^ LUMBER, " SASHEsT
JJ doors, mantels, etc., for sale. 1166 Mission st.
SELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW-
elry to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth st.; send postal.
BICYCLES. ~
T^KvTi^gT^ioo^BTcTcl^F^BrasT^^
xi Battery st.
EN HUBS, BRAND NEW, »45; BARGAIN:*
in second-band wheels. DAVIS BROS.,
cycle department, -5 Geary st.
EDUCATIONAL.
T UCKHARDT'S COMBINED ASSAY OFFICE
XJ and School of Instruction (incorporated)'
PRACTICAL and INDIVIDUAL instruction in
the latest improved methods In assaying, analysis,
electroplating, CYANIDE process, etc.; SPECIAL)
ATTENTION given to caieful a>say and analysis
of ores, waters, etc. 26 O'Farreil st.: elevator.
SCHOOL OF PHYSICAL CULTURE AND
Elocution, 1216 Ociavia st., San Francisco,
MISS ELIZA MACKINTOSH, pupil of Professor
G. W. Bay ham, Glasgow, Scotland, and graduate
of the school of Oratory, Philadelphia, Pa.,
teacher. Office days, Tnurs. and Sat. p. it
KALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST—
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, telegraphy, languages, English branches,
electrical engineering; 20 teachers; 16,000 gradu-
ates; day and evening sessions; catalogue.
YREB', THE LEADING COLLEGE, 325
Montgomery St.: individual Instruction in
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy, eta:
life scholarship $50: low rates per week and mo.
X 1 LOCUTION AND DRAMA; DELSARTB
i~i thoroughly taught; appearances arranged; 1 to
Bp.m. OLIVE HOFF-SCHROKDEK,299Hydest.
Ttti LASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING
JJ Private theatricals arranged: pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12, 1.0.0. F. block, 7th and Mku
IJOOK.KEEPING THOROUGHLY IN t> WKEKdi
-i-> or year's course free; only accountant teaching.
TARR, room 572, Parrott Emporium bo ll ding.
TIEHL'B SHORTHAND AND BUSINESS
College, 723 Market st. ; students trained: office
situations secured lowest rates or credit for tuition.
NGIN.LEKING SCHOOL; MtCH.. i.Li%C,
civil, mining, survey, assay, archlt.. X ray
tanght;es. 1864. A. VAN DERNAILLKN,72SMke
SUBSCRIPTIONS AND WANT ADS FOR THE
O Call taken at branch office, 339 Hayes st.:
open until 9:30 o'clock.
ADIKs 1 SINGING CLASS; TUITION FREE.
Apply dally, 4 to 5 p. it., 310 Post st.
EO COOPER'S SCHOOL OF ACTING, DaN'C-
-i ing, voice, pantomime, stage. 814 Geary st.
ANJO, PIANO. MANDOLIN- AND GUITAR
thoroughly tanght; lessons 50c. 125 Tenth at.
RAWING AND PAINTING TAUGHT; EU-
ropean artist; $5 mo. 305 Larkln, r. 105; p. k.
INOING; PIANO: PARIS GRADUATE;
French, German languages: $2 mo. 109 Taylor.
OICE, DRAMA, ORATORY: PRIVATE AND
class. Prof.KOs.s, Donoboe bldg;l2 to 1, 7 to 8.
ROF. L. RAN KIN — VIOLIN. MANDOLIN,
mandola;terms reasonable. 225Geary,nr. Powell
p UITAR, MANDOLIN, i'IANU AND VUC-^i*
M lessons. $3 ma Mary Westhans. 39 Fifth.
T>OOKKPNG, WRITNG, ARITHMTC. GKAMR,
day & night: no classes: $5 month. 845 Mission.
MUSICAL. INSTRU3IENTS.
re "y6 CONTKiIPLATINfi" THE PUR-
chase of a piano? if so our warerooms contain
the most desirable stock from which to make the
selection; bargains for cash, installments or rent
contract plan; we are selling some pianos for $3,
$4 and $5 per month: beautiful new uprights for
$6, $7, $8, $9 and $10 per month; no cash pay-
ment required larger than the above amounts all
purchasers of upright pianos from us have the
privilege of exchanging same lor a Steinway any
time within 3 years from date of purchase with-
out sacrifice. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO., repre-
sentatives of Stelnwny & Son's pianos, cor. Kearny
and Suiter sts., San Francisco; also Oakland,
Cal.; Portland. Or. : Seattle, Wash.
WE HAVE SECURED THE AGENCY OP
' " the wonderful Ivers it Pond pianos, a specially
(elected stock; all styles, uprights and grands:
Just received; it is impossible to make a better
piano: absolutely without a weak point; sola
agents for Ivers <fc Pond, Llndeman, Connor,
Muehlfeld. Haynes and Singer pianos. J. T.
BOWERS <£ SON, Metropolitan Temple building.
A CTUALLY THE BKST BARGAINS IN
Jrx. pianos: see our list for this week: pianos on
$3, $4, $5, $6, $7. $8, $9, $10, $15. $20 monthly
payments: fine stool and cover with each: deliv-
ered free anywhere in the city and kept tuned by
xpert concert Miners. The F. W. SPENCER CO.
aiesrooms, 933 Market st., opp. Mason.
» BSOLUTELY THK OLDt-ST AND LAROKSP
-TV house west of Chicago is KOHLER <&
CHASE'S, 26, 28 and 80 O'Farreil St.; pianos, or-
gans and all other musical Instruments, of all
grades and prices: terms easy; prices lowest;
everything possible done to pleads and satisfy tin
customer. |
AINKS, BUSH A GERTS AND Pi-
anos: get our reduced prices; fine second-hand
uprights. $135; organs. $35. W. C. HAMILTON,
successor to A. L. BANCROFT A CO., 324 Post at.
L.MOST NEW WEBER PIANO, $200,
cheap; Ste.nway, good condition, $176; fine
organ? cheap. THE J. DEWING COMPANY.
second floor. Flood building; elegant display of
fine Hard man uprights. ,/
lANOS HOLD, RKNTKD, TUNED, RB-
paired, polished, shipped, stored, tor lower rate*
than any other firm in Uie city. J. HARRY
SCOTT. 626 Hayes St.
0 RAND UPRIGHT CURLED WALNUT
\J piano, used very little; cheap: mus: be sold
on account of death in the family. 211 Phot well.
A DMINISTRATOK'S SALE — MUM' »tU»"
Hl pianos at immense reduction for cash or on
Ins, ailments. KATON ESTATE, 735 Market.
T"INIS SQUARE, »35; STEINWAY OR
P Decker Bros., $350. New uprights, best and
cheapest, at MAUVAIS', 7b9 Market 5:.
(juii/i A HOOD TAVE UPKIGHT: FINE
»J}WW. condition: $sinstallmts.22lLeavenworth.
ARGAIN — FINE « HICKKRING $100.
SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister next Hlbemla Bank.
dii|/w| a. walnut UPKIGHT, STOOL,
»JpIUU. scarf. Bruenn's Piano-house, 228 Post.
SHAW. STEINWAY $250, CHICKERINa
$1 86; great birgatns:s4 mo HKIXE.I36 Kl.'ls.
AGNIFICEN'I o'i'tSlNWA^ Li 11. GUT AND
Schubert: little used: sacriflc-. 1019 Van Sin%
!._' G. BADGE II. SOLE A- ENT HALLET
»» .* Davis and Francis Bacon pianos. 406 Sacto.
YRON MAI ZY. 308 PvjST Si.-sOHJIbK,
Newbv & Kvant. Knerrs and other pianos.
V. UPEKIOK VIOLINS, ZITIir.RS, OLD NEW
OH. MULLER. inak»r. repi-lrer 2 i a' ham plan..
HORSES.
O^S^^w'il^rKD^iE^EßAiripu^PO^sEsl
sound; Weieht abou. 1200: 6 to 9 years o d.
Apply GILBERT BRO-., Stevenson st., near of
bterii:<g Furniture Company.
.1 A HORSES" FOR SALE; ALSO WAGONS,
'I \J buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horsa
Market, 327 sixth st. : unction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN & DOV LX. Auctioneers.
rilha - EMi'OßlCil 6«ALjia \ AItDS, 221) VA,
1 lencta St., is the place to go If. you want to buy,
cell or exchange horses, buggies, wagons at ha>
ness: Ruction sales every Mitunlav at 11 o'clock,
CiVii SKT NEW AND l>ilA.\ u 11 Art-'-
-t)UU ness; all kinds: buggy. wagon, carts, surrer
rock* war; 40 cheap horses. ]sth and Valenct.v.
URSE, 5 YEAItSOi.D; STANDARD BitED;
good driver; a bargain. 884 Shotwell st
(\ HEAD DRIVING AND WORK LOUSES;
O\J weight 1000 to 1700 >ba. 862 Howard st.
WAGONS ' AND CARRIAGES^
OFFER WANTED FOR NIW^IR^T-'cLAsi
delivery v agon. 329 uoiden Gate aye.BUSINESS CHANCES.
tVighes-t cash PRICK- PAID FOR FURNI
JO. tare, restaurant, saloon fixtures and grocery
etocas. STi-.NBERG CO.. 632 Market st.
. CM- ". SALOON: WHOLESALE DI-THICT:
tlpi — «'. old-estabiished ace: cheap rent with |
idWe: leaving city. & CO., 632 :
* .r«:et s:. _" I
.f. X A COR EH GROCERY AND BAR,
VT O\J with living-rooms; half block of Mar-
Wet st.; rent $25, with lease: excellent chance for
a man of energy. STt-.NBi-RG CO., 632 Market.
<2jl p. , I RESTAURANT: FINE LOCATION:
.rlrlO''. with living rooms. furnished; receipts
average $12: suitable for man and wife. STEN-
kEKG CO., 6H2 Market st.
(JJ..)/wi BUTCHKRBLSINESS: OLUEMAB- I
• • )\JV; lisbed place; guaranteed to clear $100 I
monthly; owner 9 years; retiring irom business.
■ BT EN BERG 1 (>.. 632 Market st.
<». «> -i i COAL-OIL hTTuTE: 400 CUSTOM-
ijOiII I . era; good horse and wagon; week's
trial. STENBERG CO.. b32 Market st.
" ntHOSE Two ARE >hEKI G BUSINESS
1 places it will pay th»m by calling on THOMAS
& Co. 33 Sixth st,, room 18-
AKi Ni-.R WANTED in a cash BUSINESS;
must be able 10 Rive good reference: no other*
need to apply. 33 sixth st., room 18, THOMAS
&. CO
Q/.-fJA Wlt-LBUY A FINE COFFEE HOUSE;
O' 'v/U a good location: doing a good business;
will hear investigation. S3 Sixth St., THOMAS &
CO., room 18.
O9£A WILL BUY A FINE CANDY STORE
*S — O\J doing a nice business. Call 33 Sixth
St., room 18. THOMAS & O.
BEST 4-CHAIR BARBKR--HOP IN CITY
For sale by H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
<l*Qi^n STATIONERY, CANDY AND NO-
iJ>OO\J tion store. DECKER, 1020 Market St.
Qi'AA FIRST-CLASS RESTAURANT:
<4PDUU. H C. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
'vJ A LOON, ELLEOAKT FIXTUKKS, Fi N E
O trade, central; a bargain. UNDIuRWOUD &
C' 1 ., 765 Market at. ' '.- :'
SPLENDID OPENING F~R~B« SIN ESS MAN
with $600. Particulars SICKEL-. 620 >iarket.
Qvnn BtYS HoTEL AND BAR: RENT
O~ "'" $l-.». _521 Tweaty-tourth St., near
Potrero aye. ; car stops.
TJesTaURAN T FOR SALE CHKAP IF -OLD
Xl to-day; good location. 6'-'4V2 Clay st.
ALOJ.V FOR SALE CHEAP. 7U- HOWARD
st.
«8t ") €\f\ STATIONER V. CANDY. NOTION
— v'v'. auc cigar store: everything newly
fitted up: rent. $7. 573 Bryant St., nr. Fourth.
X bXADKANT: CHEAP: .SLAT 50 PERSONS;
/ll ing-rooms: present owner for & years; must
"I leave city; near factories R. S., box 85. Call.
\^XLOON AND (isuCßliY; >Ol) LOCATION:
>• must be sold at once. Cal 33 Sixth st  rm Is.
£. 1 -./) BhASCH IAK RY. NOi IO
i; J»)U, furnliurb of 6 rooms: cheap rent; fine
location. Property Exchange, 850 Market st.
"\Y ANT. D— A RESPONSIBLE GENTLEMAN
»' ■ with some capital to associate in a paying city
business. H. H., box 56, Call office.
'/"I OCD-PAYINU COUNTRY HoTEL TO RENT
Mat reason.tble terms. MKS. A. SIDWE-L,
Jlio Vista, solauo Couniy, f'al
'"L7OK SALE— ON ACCOUNT OF SICKNESS;
X fine corner saloon and roomlnz- hotel. Capitol
feotel, Hleventh and Franklin sis., Oakland.
' <_NAP; S\LO>N AND FIXTURES FOR
C 1 sale; $75: 4 living-rooms. 785 Folsom st.
V'OR >ALE— GOOD-PAY iNG CORNER SA-
J? loon; centrally located. App y 4-9yg Tehama.
T ATEsT CAR FENPKR PAT-NT; BEST IN-
4_l vention. Apply 623 Golden Gate aye.
"© 1 A/l RESTAURANT: MUST be sor.D in
C^-Lc/'-'» 3 days: sacrifice. >.. box 24, Call Office.
*£. «_) -/ \ FINE PAYING CORNER CIGAR-
'igOO\J . store. 1 Taylor su
PRINTING MATERIAL FOR SALE CHEAP
JTat 8 Montgomery aye.. room 14.
GENTLEMAN PARTNER WANTED IN A
VJT good paying business. Apply 131 Taylor St.,
room 2; morning or after 7 p. v.
Q. AA PHOTOGRAPH GALLERY FOR
■ O— \J\J. sale or exchange for real estate. 342
Kearny st.
W anted— partner in CHOWDER and
'• liquor house. 650 Sacramento, cor. Kearny.
GENTLEMAN PARTNER WASTED BY
young widow of means. 106 Fourth, room 2.
ESIAURANT FOR SALE; BEST LOCA-
II tion; doing good business: crand bargain;
owner going away. A pt>ly at this office
"VTEWSPAPKR ROUTE I - INTERIOR CITY
_.> close to saa Francisco. For particulars apply
this office.
j-NTJ.EMAN PARTNER WANTED WITH
$30 by uniDCumb*red wiaow. .07 Post, rm. 8.
VERY CHEAP: CORNER GROCERY AND
V saloon. 331 Sixth St.. corner Clara.
VTOCK OF GROCERIES. BAR AND FIX-
1. tures; good chance; investigate. Cor. Hyde
and Post sts.
ANDSBURG DEVELOPMENT CO. WILL
1 sell 1.3 interest in its property and business for
$9000 cash: n-oney wanted to extend tee business
1 fcomp'y: mining, real estate, commission. Oscar
yT. QCk, 509 Kearny. E.F. Bean.Randsburg, Cal.
I r,"'A CORNER SALOON' ON FOURTH ST.;
T »_<JOU. sickness cause selling. Inquire Call.
• / 'OHNEK SALOON: OLD - ESTABLISHED
*J business. Apply Chicago Brewery, 1420 Pine.
9'] C MISSION — SUBSCRIPTIONS AND
ZuJO want ads taken for The Call.
QQQ HAVES— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
<.)O'.' Call; subscriptions and want ads taken.
FAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
\J WEEKLY GALL, sent to any address in the
United .States or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
age free-
LODGING-HOUSES FOE SALE.
CrOX A HOUSE OF 10 SUNNY ROOMS:
C — r)\J. north of Market; clears $35 over ex-
pense*, STENBERG CO., 632 Market su
DECKER'S BARGAINS —
27-room house 87001 -2- room house... $500
room house.. 150 24 rooms, corner. 750
■ 65 rooms, cor... 8,000 14 rms on Sutter. 700
11 rs., must sell 20 66 rms, best city. 3,500
H. C. DKCKKR, 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
* pBE AT BARGAINS JN LODGING-HOUSES
VT this week: 150 houses, from $200 to $3000.
UNDERWOOD & CO., 765 Market st.
<£. 1 .-C NEAT FURNISHKD; 7 ROOMS
Clit). -nd basement: rent $20. Apply D. M.
McRAE, B*7 Mission st.
ARGAIN; $750: NICrLY FURNIS.HED
sunny rooming-house 9 rooms, bath. 604 Geary.
WANTED TO BUY OK RENT A LODGING-
' » ho"use of 20 rooms or upwarj. J., box 106,
Call. '
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
A fill CARPETS; CHAMBER sh. I S. $11.
TIUU stoves, $3: parlor sets. S2O: iolding-bed\
10: bar outfits. T. D. McCarthy. 764 Mission.
T L. J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH. FOR
lowest prices on household (roods: new or goal
us new: cas 1 or on time: open evenings.
J < I KJ .v"«; AM i'l RNITU KE Co. — LO WBlfT
J-» prices: furniture, carpe s: all rades. 86tJ Mils' n
FURNITURE WANTED.
riKSIIIKE, STOVES, CARPETS, COON- i
X ters. showcases. ANDERSON. 1121 Market. i
IGHEii f ttltn. I HAN AN V WMKRIi; PAID
by Indiana Auction Co, 1057 Murket.opp.Jonei
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOR FURNl-
ture and merchanaise see KURD. 211 Larkla
/ CARPET CLEANING^
If MIT^fXA^TcARPETTcLEANINIi WORK-*: I
-^ cleans, moves, lays carpets. G. H. STEVKNd,
\^r. 38 and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 250.
W HEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
»» poor work send toSPAULDING'S PloneerCar-
pet-beating Works, 353-67 Tehama St.; tel. So. 4U,
T WATTS, reliable carpet-cleanlug renovtg, alter-
-0 . atlon works. 40» McAllister. el. Jessie 321.
ARPEib CLKANED4 RENOVATED LIKE
new. 23 Tenth; tel. Sooth 3a Mackintosh & Co.
E. MIICHI.LL, L'AUftT-i LEANIN" CO.,
. 240 14th st. : cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mis. 71.
ARPEI-cLEaMNG. 3c: LAYING. 3c: RUG
\J samples free; tel. Jessie 9*4. Stratton, 19 8th St.
ON KLIN'S CARPp.T- BEATING WORKa.
3H3 Golden Gate aye. Telephone East 1.6.
FOR SALE-MISCELLANEOUS.
ffi]() E A NEW HOME S e"wTn"g -
•. I <-" tJ\J • machine; 5 drawers, attachments.
2437 Mission St., nr. Twenty-first.
YEW ELMWOOD RANGES ARK THE BEST.
IN W. a RAY MFG. CO., 12 California st.
IjOJLERS,J-NUJ.AIiS,-I>HAN v MACHINERY
J> water-pipes. Mcimosh & Wolpman. 137 Beale.
j Alia BACK BARS, 11IKKOKS. SHOW-
'•■ cases, counters, linoleum, office furniture,
store and office furniture and fixtures, cew and
second hand. J. N< ON AN, 1017-1019- 10-3
Mission a., above Sixth. . -
AKS, KCAJ-J3S. : MIRROR-, FRENCH
ranges, etc.. bought, sold. MEEK, 1118 Mission.
■\JAIIoNAL CASH KE'-1.-iTKB, GOOD OK-
•*-> der; also large folding-door safe. 8 Mission st.
C^Ot>KE MILL. SCALES, LETTEK PRESS, J
> Btknd desic. money tlil, safe; cheap. 102 Clay.
1 ARS, SHOWCASES, COUNTERS, SiiKLV-
" ' ing, etc.. 1 ought and gold. 1063 Mission. nr.7th.
NE SMALL MEDIUM' AND LAKUE-SIZK
fire and bii-?!ar proof safe. 109-111 Market su
1 SEWING MACHINES.
la^LKlnSs BOUGHT. SOLD. EXCHA.VOEA
-%> rented .repaired : lowest rate*. -05 Fourth %v
LOST.
I" ATE LASt'nighT. A MARTEN BOA. BE-
XJ tween Dunn & Gall's ana Mission and Fourth.
A liberal reward will be paU by returning to 808
Mission st.
OST— B. ACK NEWFuUNDLANH DOG; RE-
j turn to 2»1 Harriet at., and receive reward.
Y>RA~NCH OFFICE OF THE ALL. 167 NI->TH
X> sui want ada and subscriptions taken.
HOUSES TO LET.
©T^rND~$T6?~6O3" AND 607 WILLOW
3P I •'■ aye., off Laguna si., bet. Ellis and Eddy.
two houses; 6 rooms and ba:h. A p > ■ to sH A ,-
WALD, RVCKBEK & «-0., Mills building, 218 and
220 Montgomery st. .
C-ROOAI COJT AGE, STABLE AND r LARGE
i yard; on Vicksburg and Jersey sis., nr.Twenty-
fourth and Church. . . ,
S3. .50. r 7 r^'bS nxo^n^ V;
Ellis St., near Van Ness aye.
— HOUSE OF 4 NICE ROOMS, 7 7 FEET
S 1 0. from cor. California and Hydests.; water
and ashes free. Inquire 13-8 California s:.
c DORF BET NINTH AND TENTH,
!i6O BrSS pnd £ H a r^son-4, rooms: rent $: 2.
>.>>>, "/> HOUSE Of 6 SUNNY RuO .S
$22. and bath; water free; good loca-
tion. 622 Balis st.
i-» virir sii\NY HOUSES ON JaCKS >N ST.,
gomery st. , -
0 NICE SUNNY HOUSES ON LEAVE X-
-2 worth near Jackson; rent reduced to $15. Ap-
~lv RoVEE TOY & SON STAG. 30 Montgomery.
"ci. O HOUSE OF FIVE HO JIS, IN HEALTHY
«JO. n Ighborhood. 1555 Kearn/ street, near
Greenwich, S. F.
TTOCSF OF 9 SUNNY R"OMS, CuR. PIERCE
XI St. and Elm aye.. nr. Turk $32 60. ■
C. on 2-STORY HOUSE. 7 ROOMS, BATH,
& O\) . cellar and yard. 483 Haight.
Xl) ThNANTS rJECTEI): $a SMITH,
coll ector. 14 McAllister st.. rooms 10-11.
TToTi 2814 LAGUNA: HOUSE 6 ROOMS.
ijIZU. $16—1835 Union: corner; 4 rooms.
$14—1833 Union: 4 rooms.
•- ROOMS; 033b Sr.COXD ST.: $15 PER
O month. Key at 539 - econd st.
- ROOMS; 5378 SKCONU bT.; $17 PER
I mo^th. Key at 639 Second st, *
r ROOMS: MEW HOUSE; MODERN IM-
«-) provements: 45 Federa s .; $15 per month to
desirable tenants. Key at 539 ■- econd st.
oliSbs To tttSl 1 ivit VEKY LTFtLk"
money at fcAi.ii\VL> - Jhl^JkLM.ONiJ'ii U
MnntronT«»r~ «r
FURNISHED HOUSES.
ODERN, SUNNY, NE\VLY furnished
upper flat ; 5 rooms and bath. Call between
10 and 2, 3608 Twenty-fonrth ac
"VJICELY FURM-HED MINNY UPPER
J.l flat-, modern cheap. 2514Sntterst., 11 to 12.
COTTAGES TO LET.
'lS_sAT'^'oo_r^AY^wil?B*o^~7?)T^
«5p I . taee; basement. 64 Silver st, or 9 Roscoe
off Crescent aye. ■ .
ATEAT COTTAGE OF 5 ROOM-*, BATH, CEL-"
IN lar, yard: $15. 3861 Twentieth st.
/> l - NICE COTTAGE 5 RoOMS: BATH:
C 10. sunny; yard: cellar. Key 711 Treat aye.
/CHANCE FOR GOoD TENANTS; 3 AND 4
\J room cottages; $8 to $12. SPECK & CO., 602
Market st. '
UNNY COTTAGE: 5 ROOMS; BATH; BASE-
ment; yard: rent cheap. Dolores and Fif-
teenth sts.
FLATS TO LET;
Tp^"T^R6vE~iTT~NEAR LYON— UPPER
lOlu flats: front parlor, bedroom, kitchen, gas,
bath, $12; also 3 sunny rooms. $7. -
m\VO NICE SUNNY FLAT . 3 AND 4 ROoMS;
1 rent $8 and *10. 2041 Hartlion si., opposite
Eighteenth.
ANDsOMK, SUNNY, NEW, 4 ROOMS; ALL
modern; cheap rent. 2927 Sacramento St.
ITn n CALIFORNIA, KEYB 281-6 SUNNY
ZiO ~ U rooms and bath: modern; rent $30.
ANDsoME NEW SUNNY FLAT OF 8
rooms, bath; large basement; beautiful ma-
rine view; low rent. 2115 Hyde st.
Ql n DORE-FLAT OF~4 SUNNY BOOMS;
01 i rent lf9. .___
ODERN SUNNY FLAT: 5 RO^»MS; WARM
belt. 841 Capp St., near Twenty-fourth.
V L\T OF 5 i.OoMS AN i BATH; LAUNDRY:
JT rent reasonable. 2231 Geary st.
QQfj PINE— NEW FIRST -CLASS FLAT TO
UO\J let; 7 rooms and bath.
UNNY FLAT OF 4 ROOMS. 618 STEYiSN-
-803 St.. be . Sixth and Seventh.
\Th\V SUNNY UPPER FLAT; 4 ROOMS: 3175
I i.l -sth, cor.Foisom. J. A.ULRICH.4I I rocker bL
mil) FLAT 5 SUNNY ROoMS; STALLs IF
«3j JZ. desired. 32 Ches cy, off Bryant.
TtTt UPPE .FLAT 5 ROOMS APPLYTW-IN-
' tjD I . ty-fourth and Florida; grocery.
<_.-! 1 UPPER FLAT 6 ROOMS, BATH; COR-
iJpJL -t'. ner. Apply Twenty-fourth and Florida:
I grocery. •
| C?1/| FLAT 4 ROOMS, H.^ LL, DOUBLE PAR-
I <JJ>IU. lors; yard. 1606% Stevenson St., near
Eighteen h.
'-<XX grove, near gough — MIDDLE
ODD flat 5 sunny rooms: bath.
VW. COR. PACIFIC AND HYDE: NICE SUN-
J-\ ny fiat; 7 rooms; bath: unfurnished.
\'ICK SUNNY FLAT OF o ROOMS AND
Xi bath. 649 Folsom cor. Hampton place.
mO WALLER, NR. FILLMOKE — LOWER
TtUO flat; 4 rooms; bath; $17. MADISON &
BURKE
A— VACANT FLATS AND HOUSES. «8
.' 'to $200; 20 new ones now ready. SPECK &
CO., 6j2 MarKet st.
L OUR ROOMS. UPPER. NEW, MODERN:
-T. bath, etc. sunny. 1622 Fell st., bet- Central
and Masonic ayes.: facing Park Panhandle.
Pl RFLAT; FINE VlfcW; 5 ROOMS AND
bath. Apply 1325 Washington, near Jones.
UNNY FLAT Of 4 OOMS AND BATH;
$13; no children. 620 a Turk st, rear.
ATICE FLAT OF 5 ROOMS; BaTH AND MOD-
i.I crn conveniences; reasonable rent. 421 Lyon
St., near Hayes.
QQ' TWELFTH— SUNNY ROOMS AND
000 bath, rent $16. Apply 19 Isls st.
LEGANT .NEW SUNNY CORNER FLAT OF
J-i 7 rooms and bath; all modern Improvements.
794 Halgbi St. '.
-ROOM FLAT; FEDERAL PLACE, OFF FED-
tt eral st.: to a tenant without children; $10 per
month. Key at 539 second su
<J_/* REAR CO! AGE: 3 ROOMs; NO CHIL-
©D. dren 715Teba— lasu ' >;•
UNNY 3- ROOM FLAT. THE MAYBELLE,
202 Grove St.. cor. Van Ness aye.
| '11..1 Ji-.S^IE. N«. SIXTH-LOWER FLAT
«J £—2 of 5 rooms, bath and gas: rent Sis.
/'HEAP MODERN FLATS, 5 AND 6
j \J rooms, $8 to $16; see them. 523 Seventh st.
LAT: 6 ROOMS AND BATH: SUNNY BELT:
$15 per month; 2eioy Mission st. Apply 84.
Capp at.
ffij I Q AND $20: MODERN FLATS, & AND 6
CO rooms. 94 and 86 Belcher st., near a. end
Fillmore.
(j>| j LOVELY BUNNY FLAT 6 ROOMS,
Cl '• bath and gas. 3928 Nineteenth eU. beu
Noeand Sanchez.
1, Lais 'to n-..\'J< TTTTt VKKV LZTTU£
X L-.orspy at BA_-»WIA «_ HAM-19NI/4 10
jvicntronipri' m
i — — — — — — — i^— — — — — — — — -^ — m
HOUSEKEEPING BOOMS.
iius.li street.
£>O] BUSH— FINK SUNNY SUITES); LIGHT
yJ~, 1 housekeeping or board single; $6 up.
tills Street.
QQA ELLIS— 2 S^f ALL ROOMS FURNISHED
OOU for housekeeping; in lear; cheap.
Fell' Street.
A~\ A 1 FELL— SUNNY FURNISHED FRONT
"ilia room, with kUcben, for light housekeep-
ing; cheap.
a nth street.
r-i FIFTH-LOWER FLAT: PARIOR.BED-
OX room and kitchen; elegantly and completely
furnished: $20.
O\ A >IFTH — SUNNY FRONT BAY-WIN-
-01 ± dowroom; kitchen; bath; no children: $12.
000 Fli-TH— 2 ROOMS, FURNISHED FOR
O£<u housekeeping; rent cheap.
lourth trees.
99' FOURTH-FURNISHED BOOMS FOR
__»' housekeeping.
Ooirteu Gate Avenue.
OOfi GOLDEN GATE A YE.— SUNNY PAR-
\)~\J lor floor, comDleie for housekeeping. $28;
also single. ,- ; .".
Howard Street.
7QO HOWARD— FURNISHED ROOMS
{ O— for housekeeping; $10: also others.
I ljagun.'Street.
QAA LAGUNA, CORNER MCALLISTER—
o\l\J Sunny housekeeping rooms; with or.with-
out gas s.o>e ■ -
Uikin j» ran..
4 9Q LARKIN— NICELY FURNISHED SUN-
'-tJ.ij ny rooms for housekeeping, with grate,
running water; terms to suit the times.
Lewis Street.
"I £» LEWIS. OFF TAYLOR, NEAR POBT-?Ur?-
X\J furnished room, kitchen: newly papered; $8.
arket Street.
1 Q9£ MARKET-FURNISHED AND UN-
XVZ.XJ furnished rooms for housekeeping. -
-31 art ha Place.
A MARTHA PLACE, OFF GEARY, NR. MA-
• ~i son su— 2 nice sunny 100ms. newly furnished.
Mission Street.
Cf»l MISSION, NEAR SECOND — LARGE
«JU ' front rooms: use of stove; cheap.
- • Montgomery Street.
r97 MONTGOMERY, COR. CLAY — OPEN
O£. I n mil » :3 • o'clock: branch office 01 Thk
C all; subscriptions and want ads taken.
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 25, 1897.
HOUSEKEEPING KOOMS —Continued.
iMtloma Stroe;.
SATOMA-2 SETS HOUSEKEEPING
000 rooms; rent $8 and $10 per month.
>iutli Street.
91 NINTH— BAY-WINDOW SUITS, FUR-
£t\. nisbed fur light housekeeping: stove; run-
ning water.
Stockton street.
1 7flQ STOCKTON— 2 SUNNY ROOMS FUR-
i- I I/O nlshed complete for housekeeping; yard;
$10. .
I X', (I STOCKTON— SUNNY ROOMS KUR-
I OZ.\J msh«-d complete ior housekeeping; 810.
lu^.or s.reo.. •
"I AO TAYLOK— 2 FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
J.V/Q housekeeping, or single.
lliird Strooi.
"I A Q THI — SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
IjO rooms; complete: firs: floor; bath: gas.
F.l Q THIRD, COR. SOUTH PARK-FUR-
01. V nished housekeeping rooms.
£»9"l THIRD — 2 CONNECTING ROOMS;
U— X stoves; sink; for housekeeping.
Twentieth Street.
P£99 TWENTIETH. NEAR VALENCIA— 2
<jU_— connecting rooms furnished for house-
keeping.
\ a.ii Ise»<> Aveuue.
C 1 O VAN NESS AYE. — 2- ROOM SUITE,
t)lO complete for housekeeping, $12; also single.
I fV9 1 VAN NESS AVE.— &UNNY SUITE OF
-I V/_J 1 rooms: kitchen, gas, range: $22 60.
Webster Street.
mWEBST' R— 2 OR 3 LARGE ROOMS,
furnished or unfurnished; housek-eplng. .
\ WKK'S news FOR 5 cents — THtt
WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for maillne.
ROOMS TO LET. j
California street.
1 THE VICTORIA, SW. COR. CALIFORNIA
JL and Hyde— Newly furnished rooms; suite or
single: rents reasonable.
. — . . . ■ i
Kills Street.
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 ELLIS — IVCANDKS-
cent lights in every room; reading- room, con-
taining dai>y pa 1 ers: smoking-room and ladles'
parlor; opeu all night; rooms per night, 36c to
$1 si): week, $2 to $8: month. $8 to $30: fire es-
capes; elevator on office floor; annex of 65 rooms
now ready and cold water In each room; batus.
fTHE RAMONA, 130 ELLIS, MRS. KaTE S.
i. HaRT. manager— a quiet bouse: centrally lo-
cated; newly furnished; e.evator; hot & cold water.
Q')|| h.LLiS-Nl< ELY FURNISHED BUNNY
OOu parlors; suitable (or office or i rivate.
Ron IiI.LIS— LARGE -UNN Y FRONT ROOM;
i)Ou gas: low rent to good tenant.
- 9 ! ELLIS-LARGE SUNNY ROOM, SUITA-
I £il ble lor 1 or 2; rent $7. - ■
Eighth Street.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE. 28 BTH
St., near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
In ;li >:re«..
OOP. FIFTH-3 TO 4 UNFURNISHED OR
«-) — «_) furnished; single, furnished, $5.
FifteenthlStreet.
1 AQ^ FIFTEENTH. COR. VALENCIA— 2 OR
lDi/i) 3 sunny unfurnished housekeeping
rooms: bay-window; grate; bath; references.
Filbert Street.
Q 1 A A FILBERT, NEAR MASON — NICELY
Ol _t furnisned front and backroom; bath; rent
cheap.
toltom Street.
rOCil folsom, NEAR fourth— nicely
I UU2 furnished sunny double and single rooms;
every convenience. :
I 1 uiton Street.
3 FULTON (FULTON HOUSE), OPP. CITY
Hall— Eleian suites: singles; transient.
UeHrr Strut.. .
AC){\ GEARY-LARGE SUNNY FRONT At.
J_Ucove suite; other sunny rooms; running
water.
QfW GEARY- A LARGE SbWi.\ FUR-
(J\J —t nisbed alcove room.
uc»ie Mroo,.
AAQ JESSIE — FURNISHED ROOMS TO
-ttfc*' let; sunny front rooms cheap.
/•til 1 JES>It, iN EAR SEVENTH— ROOMS:
OZI3 run $9.
done* Street.
'7fi7 JONES— THE VAN WINKLE: NEW
—\J I management; elegant sunny suites and
single: newly furnished: bath, etc : $10 to 830.
Howard Street. '
Odd HOWARD— FURNISHED ROOM; SUIT-
V\J\J able for a gentleman. MRS L. DEAN.
QQQ HOWARD, co .. of sixth— nicely
«70»7 furnishe I suites. 83 50 a week, si'igle beds
$1 25 to $1 50. double b«-d» $1 60 to if 2 50 a week.
l Q|i'Jß HOWARD, COR. FOURTEENTH—
IOUO Large snnny bay-window; elegantly fur-
nished: private family.
Julian Avenue.
TO LET-* ZIMMER UND KUECHE: RENT
«13 monat. 128 Julian aye., nahe 16 & Va-
lencia.
Kenrny Street, *
ARLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY —
-V. Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first
class in ever >' respect; term* reasonable.
\T_WA\EMJE HOUSE, 904 KEARNY ST.,
II corner Jackson— single rooms 15. 20, 25. 60
cents per night: special rates per week or month.'
LeaTeaworiii street.
991 LEAVENWORTH — 1 OR 2 SUNNY
<-$_. L front rooms, bath, running water, grate;
rent moderate.
ilaiket Street. ■
VOSEMIT- HOUSE. 1045 MARKET — PBB
1 nieht. Sso to fl .- weok. *1 '0 to «5: famiit««.
"1 9AQ MARKET- ELEG A NTLY FUR-
X^i\fO nlshed alcove sunny suites and single
rooms. _^__ •
1 r /\n MABKi T— NEW. LARGE, SUNNY
J. JUO office-rooms: all modern.
Minna Street. .
/JOT MINNA, BET. FIFTH AND SIXTH—
"i«)i Nicely famished front rooms, $5 a month
and up: hot and cold water baths. \
/•i-7 MINNA, COR. EIGHTH— NEWLY FUR-
-00 I nisbed bay-window rooms $1 a week.
Mission Street.
HANCOCK HOUSE, 781 MISSION: SELECT
family roomlng-hmise; $1 60 to $3 per week.
/•q.i MISSION— NICELY FURNISHED SUN-
UO— . Ny rooms; quie: place: prices reasonable. [
1 |\/-*> MrSSION— FURNISHED FRONT PAR-
II/OO \oli for light bouse Keeping; other rooms.
I />- i 1 MISSION - NICELY FURNISHED
1 \)O Is room; suitable for gentleman; reason-
able. ■
Oak Street.
791 1 OAK— NICELY FURNISHED FRONT
I— Is and back parlor: $11; gas: bath. ■ ____.
Octavis Street. s.
1 4ftQ OCIAVIA, COR. GEARY— 2 BUNNY
J. _tUO connecting bay-window rooms, $18, or S
rooms. $24; housekeeping; furnished. ' _..
O'Farrell Street.
/IQI O'FARRELL— I LARGE FRONT ROOM;
ttt) J_ suitable for housekeeping.
fine Street,.
n(\Q PINE-SUNNY FURNISHED ROOMS
Ov_» to .et, from $4 up.
m4,v--^ X oik siren..
1 7 POEJt-FRONT BAT-WINDOW ROOMS,
1 I $10 also ngle. $1 week up. .
-| on' POLK, n e .» r sutter— NICELY
li-UtJ furnished front room; terms reasonable,
loweli Street.
TIT ILLISFORD — 212-21* POWELL—
Vt furnished rooms. ' ; ' ' •• ".•"•*?',■■ s>'
t tcouu suee.. > ,•":.•■-■
O 7 SECOND — WEBB HOUSE; ELEGANT
Ol furnished rooms. MRS. LINDSAY, Prop.
c*» s_COND_DOUBLE ROOMS, $1 50 TO $3
Oii a week: single, $1 to $1 50; night 25c to 50c.
1 -I c SECOND— CLEAN AIRY ROOMS. WELL
ill) furnished, $1 up. • ' ;
* sixth Street.
QQ PIXTH — QUIET RUNNY ; ELEGANT
00 rooms; MI conveniences; fireproof building.''
"I <>- SIXTH— CHEAPEST IN THE CITY;
IZ<) nicely furnished double and single sunny
front rooms. _____________■
BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 SIXTH— OPKN
a 1 night rooms: 250 to $1 per night, $1 25 to
$5 per week. J. G. DRAKE, manager. • „<=
cevenin street.
i^9 SEVENTH ST., GIRARD HOUSE— ELE-
i. a— gant furn. suites. kitchen: also single rooms
&ivck »i| '■ >- -c 0. .: - •<i -
rfiHK EUROPEAN, 17 STOCKTON ST.— FDR.
1 Dished rooms, en suite or single; . hot. cold water
In every room: baths: elevator; transient solicited.
 Sutter Street.
rrtrv BUTTER, COR. POWELL— SUNNY F_E-'
wUU nisbed or unfurnished rooms. •-. > . ■
; '. eUama -St reei,
TEH \ MA, NEAR FOURTH— NICELY
OUO furnished sunny rooms; rent cheap. ;
BOOMS TO LET- Continued.
Third Street.
-1 r\nx THIRD— ELEGANTLY FUR-
-1UO» nislieJ rooms, with fireplace; block from
Palace Hotel. -~
Valeuci ■ street
CI f\ VALENCIA - CICELY FURNISHED
0 1 \J rooms: single or en suite; reasonable.
tu .iehii Aveuue.
Q1 17 VAN NESS AYE.— SUNNY ALCOVE
01 4 room, hot and co.d water; also 3 unfur-
nished rooms. .' ■■' " -.'.". ...-'. '
1 f\. 1 1 VAN NESS AYE,— A LARGE sIISSY
1 U— 1 room suitable for 2; 10.
Miscellaneous.
SW, COR. SIXTEENTH ST., NEAR MISSION:
branch office of The Call. Subscriptions and
want ads taken. 'r •■ .
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
TrJ7rKDr?Y^INGLE BOOMT^SmTABLE
t-'U'/ for youne man, with boord; other rooms.
VNNY SUITE, NEWLY FURNISHED
rooms, with board, reaso ab c. 715 Post st.
70- PINK (KKNOV -Nt. W L V FUR-
l_j«)nishcd suites and single rooms; service
strictly first class ; references.
Vl 111! CALIFORNIA — !•• LEG AN T BESI-
£.X\J' ' dene ; hot, cold wa er In every room; fur-
nace; tab'.e first class; excellent service ; telephone.
A! ft HYDE^NICELY FURNISHED
t:XU privilege parlor and piano: table first class.
lrv LEAVkNWORTH — -UN NY CORNER;
c \J ; suites, single: excellent table; rales mod.
ARi\ BRYANT— FURNISHED FRONT BOOM
QU with or without board.
QHQVAN NES- AYE -ELEGANT SUNNY
OUO rooms, en suite it single: excellent table.
©%~/IXD LESS— FIRST-CLASS ROOM AND
<g^A' boaid: central: co-operative D,, box 3, Ca11.
1,1 SIXTH -T.-THE MANCHESTErt; ELE-
j't gant furnished sunny rooms; fine table board.
OTEL B-.RTITnG". 714 SH-A FAMILY
hotel: reft reiices: ail modern conveniences.
119 EDDY— LOVELY SUNNY PARLORS
ilid and othfr rooms, with boar* l: $20 up.
C_UJ-l>-U£~i iIOAKI>_I».
■rTiisPECTABLE WOMAN WITH COMFORT-
Xt abe home would like to get children to board.
1590 Fifteenth st
OTHER'S PERSONAL CAKE; SUNNY
iiealmful rooms: wholesome food; sandy
yard; reasonable terms. Address M.. box 119. Call.
IDDLE-AGED WIDOW WOULD LIKE TO
IM take an infant to rear. Address A. W., box
45. Call Office. . ■
STORES TO LET. •
STORE WITH FIXTIRES; LIVING-ROOMS
and cellar. 8562 Twenty-third st, next to cor-
ner Guerrero.
ffljO- STORE, 3 ROOMS. LIGHT CELLAR.
tlp^jtJ., 1128 Howard St., near Seventh.
TORE AND 3 ROOMS GOOD LOCATION
for dressmaker: sunny belt: $16 per month;
2610 Mission st Apply 844 Capp st
A 1 U FOORTH— SMALL STORE WITH ROOM
tfclO in rear: low rent. Apply to G. H. UMBSEN
«fe CO., 14 Montgomery st.
"I»ARBER-sHOP. WITH BATHS: ESTAB-
J-> llshed 16 years: 18 per month; key at 539
Second st. '
carpenter-shop; $7 per month. 5 De Boom st.;
key at 539 ond it
P nmbing-snop; $8 per month. 8 De Boom St.;
key at 539 Second st.
Corner store, 631 Second St.; $14 per month;
key at 539 Second st.
On A AND 306 POST— HALF OF STORE TO
O\J\J rent; reasonable terms to desirable party.
T LOW RKNT— PART Or' bI'ORE AND
ba em-nt. 324 Post st.
_____ __________ ™_
3IEDICAX.
A SURE. SAFE AND SPEED I CUBE FOR
all female diseases; ladles may have the bene-
fit of the skill and attention of a physician of long
and successful practice. A home in confinement
with b st care, with the privacy of a home and the
conveniences of a hospital. Those who are sick or
discouraged should call on the doctor and slate their
case. ' All consultation free and confidential sole
agent Rex Magnus, the great world-ienowed rem-
edy for home treatment. MRS. DR. GWYEB,
226 Turk st ■ .
R. J. H. JOSSELYN, THE GREAT SPECIAL-
ist, still offers bis valuable services 10 in- un-
fortunate, w l:h a mind matured and enriched by
studies of an advanced order, there is hardly a
disease in the catalogue of human ills he cannot
treat to a pet fee cure. Ladies, he is always ready
to assist you His Knowledge has been strength-
ened by extensive experience. No case peculiar
to your dellc-te organism is be ond bis sure con-
trol. - His female montnly remedies are sure and
safe in their effects. Hi tried and valuable reme-
dies for. lost manhood are never-falling in their
action, and are warranted tor both young and old.
He excels all others i • cure of private diseases.
Over 50 years of practice enables him to warrant
a cure in all cases. Consultation parlors. 906
Market st- Call or write direct to 906 Market st.,
rooms 11 and 12.
Nr.*V R_AIEDY THAT IS PERFECTLY
harmless; never falls In | any case of monthly
sickness, no matter what the cause may be. Price
55 to $10. No : electricity or Instruments; never
makes sick to make well: travelers helped; no
delay; years' experience: first-class home In con-
finement Dr. * Mrs. Davies, 14 McAllister st,
next Hibernla Bank. Consult free; French piiu
$2; hours, 9 a. M. to 4, 7 to 8 p. _.
A PROCESS THAT NEVER FAILS TO RE-
XV store every case of monthly sickness from
whatever cause in a few hours when medicines
and others have failed; no instruments used:
many years' experience: every case guaranteed:
advice free: terms reasonable; first-class private
home for confinement. MRS. DX. DA_l£Y, 11:43
Market st, over the Owl Drag Store. _^
NEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU-
ment or worthless pills used; every woman
herown physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause; restores always In one day ;can be
sent and used at home; ail cases guaranteed ; do
not trust incompetent female physic ans. DR.
POPPER, the we.l-k.lown pioneer, 318 Kearny st
R. FOU LET'S FRKNCH CAPSULES— A
guaranteed absolute cure for all female dis-
eases (no master whet cause): positively safe and
sure; no dang r or after effects: taken In time it
also acts ad a preventive: price $1 50 per box;
sent free by mail on receipt of price. WALLER
BROS.. 38 Grant aye. _^
R. AND MRS. WEGENER, 626 EDDY ST.;
private home with every comfort: separate
rooms before and during confinement: all female
complaints skillfully treated; regular physician;
quick relief for travelers : best care; terms moder-
ate; consultation fre-: pills $2. -
KS. GOOD" IN. SPECIALIST: LADIES.
near or far, safe, qu ck cure guaranteed; any
disease or com plaint; home for patients; best skill;
free diagnosis; low fees; se-f cure. 401 Van Ness
aye., flat D. . . ■ . ■
LL CASES OF MONTHLY SUPPRESSION
restored in a few hours: safety assured at any
time; Instant relief for traveler*: home In confine-
ment: consult free: confidential; hour*. 10 5.
MRS. DR. WYETH. 916 Pout St., near Larkin.
A LPEAU'S FRENCH .PILLS— A BOON TO
-"V ladies with* fern ale troubles: no danger; safe
and sure; 92 60 express C. O. D. ; don't delay until
too late. GOOD BROS., Oakland, CaL
ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT Da. JORDAN AT
bis museum, 1061 Market st.: his 30 years
successful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment;
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mall. *
Q» ■ (\(\ PAID FOR a case I FAIL TO cure
tiDtlUu of female complaints or diseases of the
eye; consultation free. MRS. DR. SCOTI Geary
TVTICE PRIVATE HOME IN CONFINEMENT
i.i at the most reasonable price in the city. MBS.
M. PFEIFFER, midwife, 2012 Foisom it.
T\U PRAE's FEMALE RKUULA 1 ING PILLS;
XJ safe and efficient emmenaeogue; $1 per box.
RICHARDS <fc CO., druggists. 406 Clay st.sole agts.
SF. LYING-IN (PBIVAT. ) HOME; DIS
. eases of women and children. 335 Kearny, r. 9.
OME, A FRIEND AND MOTHER'S CARE.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 f.lghth st. Alamed*.
IF IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE Dl-EASU
see MRS. DR. PUETZ and be content iibil& 4ttt.
1 .R. HALL..I 4 MCALLISTER STREET. NcAit
J ' Jones. ' Diseases of women and children.
DENTISTS.
"L^ lißST^}L^S3^7K7rr^ST^t?Pc'HJK AP; 'FIT
X 1 able $1 week. CHAPMAN, 16th and Mission.
o|j7 i FULL 6».T Of 1 J-.JiTH WORTH »14:
C . warranted 5 years: extraction free: filling!
60c Chicago Dental Parlor*. 24 Sixth st.
"pOSITIVKi.Y PAINI.ES-* EXTRACTION.
J^ DR. HARDING, 600 Slitter: t(-l. main 5375.
HA LIT ANT & CHALFANT, MOVED FROM
8 Mason to 119 Powell: bridgework a specialty.
OLTO-N.Dii^'iAL.ASSOCI^ iiO^, 806 -i.Ji.lt-
ket St. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
C_7 A SET FOR lt.tL.lH- WARRANTED Ad
C ' good as can be made; filling $1 DR SIMMs,
dentist, 930 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater.
AI.VLiiaS ' XTRACi lON, 60c; CROWN
X bridge work * specialty: plates $5 up: lßyeari .
experience. ; R. L. WALSH. D.D.S.. 816% Geary.
1 \R. LUDLUM HILu 1443 MARKET ST., NR.
XJ Eleventh; ■no 1 chance tor extracting when
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
teeth Irom $8 per set; extracting 50c: gas given.
Tj^ULL SET oK-.'JKtTM, *7; FILLING. 600:
J crowns $3. Pacific Dental Parlors. 18 Third.
SET Or T_KIH WlTiioUX APLAiit. DX.
O H. G. Yonng. 1841 Polk st
DK.J. J. __iJ.i-v. jiUb.uAKKt,I, cOli. UOLDEN
■Gate «vp. : open evenin 1 snndars.tlll noon.
ROOM* DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 759 MAK-
\J ket, bet 3d and 4th; gas specialists; pa inlets
txtractina.wlth gas, $1;- plates. $5 np: fill. $1 up.
R. U_ORUl£ W. LEEK, Triß GKNUINB
Leek dentist discoverer of painless extraction
■nd patentee of j proved brides work lor testa
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 o'FarrelUc.
ALL-.WOBK REASONABLE AND WAit-
ranted. DR. J. W. KEY. 1122 Market st
PROFESSIONAL CARDS.
"foHSK. KICHARD3, LAW OFFICES. KOOMi
*) UO and - 27, Crocket buiKU-K; «4U«puon« _laiu
76, Kan Francisco, Cat ; .'' ; • .
UU.V it AiTKEN AND MAURICE L, ASHER.
my a ai law, rms 515, 6 16, stn -oor, Pttrroti bid*
PERSON
J_ WISHES ADDRESS OF R. L.; MISSED
• appointment. Old number.
INFORMATION OF THE WHEREABOUTS
J. Of O. M. McCLOUD and wife, last heard of were
In Oakland In 1894. Write C. S. SAMUELS- -N,
New Atlantic Hotel, San Francisco. -
EVY— WILL MR. LEVY. LATE OF 6103^
Polk st, send address. GROVES, sir. Monowai.
PERATIC CONCERT OF PROF. JoS. GRA-
VAN's pupils takes place on Wednesday, 27th
of January. 1897, in the Y. M. C. A. auditorium,
Mason and Eliissts.: first part concert, second
pan acting and si- ging in costumes; beginning
at 8 p.m.: tickets . 50c, in all music sores and at
JOS GRAVEN'S office. Murphy building, Market
and Jones sts, rooms 121 122. ■
■VTERVOUS PEOPLE • "
. li Should lose no t.me, but go at once to the only
place that can ma~e them perfec ly well.
DR. SMITH'S ELECiRO-MAGNETIC BATHS
will drive away all that nervous trouble. Try
them once and you will know it too. Go to-day to
1533 Buchanan st
. Consultation iree; 1 to 3 and 6 to 8, Sundays 10
to 12. -
"WHAT IS THE USE, MR. LhDKRER,"
I « " en d a lady, "of paying 50 cents to have one's
hair dressed only fairly, when you do it so excel-
len ly for only 25 cents?" And that's what I say.
Shampooing the hair and . treating the scalp with
QUiNONI hair touic 50 cents. G. LEDEBEB,
111 St ekion st. .
DVICr. FREE; DIVORCE LAWs A SPEC-
ialty; private; no fee without success, pro-
bate, insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale,
deeds, damages, etc. : privite detectives: estab-
lished 10 years. G. W. HOWE, 850 Market st.
ENTLEMAN PARTNER WANTED by
vJT unincumbtred young lady. 120 Ellis, rm. 17.
OLD GOLD BOUGHT: HIGHEST PRICES. O.
NOLTE, Jeweler, 222 o'Farrell St., nr. Mason.
STUTTERING AND STAMMERING CURED;
0 obesit.- reduced upon new and scientific prin-
ciples. 1156 Fro a I way, Oakland, room 25.
"TVR. SMITH'S CATARRH CURE GUARAN-
-L/.eed to stop that cat rrh: f>Oc. 1533 Buchanan.
LAI RA DE FORCE GORD N. ATTORNEY
at law. 1236 Market, over J. J. O'Brien's.
THE BEST SIi.N IN THE WORLD: ENAM-
-1 e.ed I tters. Go to factory, 409 Sanchez st.
"DRIVATE DETECTIVE WORK DONE AT
-L reasonable rates: 10 years' experience: best of
references given: all matters stricilv confidential;
address or call 223 Stevenson. ;a. P. WEB>TER.
METROPOLITAN n_TKCTIV_ BUREAU,
Pirrott building, over Emporium; offices, 640-
-641: hours 1 A m. to 12 P. M-; tele. Mint 1471.
FEW STUDENT* WANTED BY DR. R. H.
COWAN, Chiropodist, 126 Kearny. room 24.
AI.xTING. -WHUK ING, PAPERING,
etc. ; times are bard- must have work. F. KD-
WARDS, 1200 Websterst.. cor. Eddy.
1 MU\ CARDS, $1 6U. SHOW CARDS, Eia
lUUU Tel. Black 141. HILL, 22% Ueary st.
<_> I A DOZEN— FINE I'ABlNi-io _.A' Wi_-
<pi SON'S nailery. 1028 Market -
GET A SHAVE A • THE LADIES' BARBER-
shop. 757 a Howard st., near Fourth.
1 'IH_ PEOPLE'S U-N_ DOLLAR MEDICAL
Institute, all cases trea.ed and medicine* fur-
nished for $1; call or write. 1(129^ Mane* *
bet Sixth anil Seventh. San Francisco, Cat
CO7 MONTGOMERY ST., BRANCH OFFICE
«->_.! oiThkCaix, want ads and subscriptions
taken. '
|. ARLINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAG \ZINE
J and Newspaper Illustration: particulars as to
terms, etc., 424 Pine su; illustration* '.urMshed
for magazines, newspapers, etc.
AUTISTIC UAIKUKESM.NG, 25c; $25 FOR
A cases of hair failing or dandruff 1 cannot cure.
MRS. HUBBARD, 1104 Market st, room 28.
rpHE ANIMATOSCOP>, THE PERFECT
J. screen machine. For price of hand .or motor
machines call or address Anlmatoscope Company,
£33 Market st, San Francisco, seventh floor.
1 R. C. E. FARNUM HAS MOVED TO THE
XJ Parrou building, over Emporium, 3d fl., r. c.03.
OUPTURE AND PILiiS cLitt-D; No Pa V
It until cured: send for book. DBS. MANS.
FIELD 4 PORTKRFIELD. 838 Market st.
AGNISCOPE — NEW PROJECTING MA-
chine; uses the kinetoscope films; price $2
I BACIQALUPI. 946 Market St. ■
I \\r ALL PAPER, 40 A ROLL; PAPER HANG-
I • " ing, painting.etc., by contract or day's work,at
your own pnee. N.E. MERIGAN. 1302 Webster st
IG OUTDOOR STEREOPTICON .-HOW EVE-
1> ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts.; artistic ad-
-1 vertisements in living light; promoters of bust-
! cess. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Market st.
EL CIRIC LIGHI'S IN EVERY ROOM;
Winchester House. 44 Third st, nr. Market;
200 room?, 25c to $1 60 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week ; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
AYE YOUR FEATHER-BEDS AND PlL-
lows filled. McC.. BE'S, 870 Mission, cor. sth.
IVOHCr. AND A.NNULMKNl 1 OF MAR-
riage: terms of payment obliging; legal every-
where. Address locic box F, 9u3 Market st, S. F.
/CLOAKS. FU Its AN j< SUITS t.ETAiLKD Ai -
\J wholesale price*. Factory. 20 Ransom? St.
DRESSMAKERS.
COMPETENT DRESSMAKER WISHES PRI-
-+ - vate pnp Is in dressm iking. D., box "8, Call.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
RS,. DR. F. C L ARkT^TH ifi' "woßLi/S MOST
famous medium of modern times. -Don't fall
to see her If yon are interested in the affairs of life;
if marriage, sUkness, deaths, changes, travels, di-
vorces, separations, lawsuits, business transac-
tions, wills, deeds and mortgages, lost or stolen
property, lost or absent friends, interest you: If
you care to know what you should do to be suc-
cessful, where you should go and whom to avoid,
when to buy and sell stocks, etc.; In a word, what-
ever may be your trouble, suspicions or desires,
call on this gifted woman and she will send you
away happier, wiser and bolder than ever before.
Hours y a. _. to Bp. it., strict. N. B.— Sa action
guaranteed by mall, Send stamp tor pamphlet
special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, 1206 Mar-
ket st. Darlors 25 and 26. Take elevator.
ME. DR THOMAS. SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
er by eggs and cards; tells entire life, past,
present, future; consultations on all affairs: noth-
ing excepted; names given; good ; advice: sure
help: restores lost lova by svnipatny: mistake Im-
possible: fee $1: lett?rs2. 929 Post st, nr Larkin.
ME. PORTER, WONDERFUL CLAiRVO*-
IU- ant card-reader: born with aoube veil
»nd second sight; diagnoses diseases, with full life
reading; ladies, 50c: ttentJ. 91; palmlstiy and
clairvoyant. sittings, $1 50. 126 Turkst., nr Jones.
YPSY QUEEN. MAhVEL OF MANY
lands, magnet Ist; pas: accurately reviewed;
future precisely foretold; love and business spe-
cialty, mines located; letters answered. Boom 1,
1 Filth st.
ME. LENEMAR, FORTUNES TOLD BY
planets; predic:ed "74" passengers steamer
Island. 815 Mission st. ; ; * ■-;■"■■- • .: -■
,», ME. R VESA READS LIFk FLUEN LV ;
•'' business advice; names given; 25c up.s F u:th
ME. HANS. N: TH . KEST. FUTURE S..C-
cess assured: 25c: one price, 41 Minna st.
p\PSY LIFE- READER REMOVED TO 3
VJ Seventh st nr. Market; ladies 25c, gents 50c.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, BKST-KNOWN CLAlK-
voyant in the citi'. Residence. 132 Turk st.
Mr.. SYBIL,!, 11-.L.L-. _'ttu_l CRADLr. TO
grave: pictures given : Indies 25c: M 4 O'FarrelL
_le han-en, palmist, CARD-HEADER;
past present and future; 25c. 148 6th St., r. 5.
ME. MuREAU, BtST CLAIRVOYANT
and medium In city: fee2f»c up. 764 Howard st
ME. WALTERS OF TEHAMA: CARDS: LAj
dl«s, 250: gents, 60c. 951 Mission, nr. 6th.
ME. KUTH Harrison OF N. V., mag-
netic hea er: card-reader. R. 17. 109 a Powell.
SPIRITUALISM.
\\} ANTED-EO LEASE OR PURCHASE ON
»» instailm-n , or trade for timber land, a small
cottage suitable for seances. SWAIN, 51 Fifth st.
88. C. J. MEYER, CIR. THIS EVE., TUES.,
Wed. and Fri., 2 p. m. ; trance dr., Mon. and
Frl. eve., 25c: sittings daily. 326 McAllister st
\\ Mi, i SMA.n, bPli.il UAL TRANCE MEDI-
i»I urn; life readings, love an* lrs, business invest-
ments, mining speculations specialty. 838 Mission.
liii maud F"STER, BUSINESS ME-
dium. room 8, 28% -ix;h st.
MRS. , J. J. WHITNEY, CLAIRVOYANT,
trance test medium & life reader. 218 Stockton
M. *'bam:is, .V INDEPENDENT slate
. writer. .118 Halchi st.; hours 9 until 6 P. M.
(V/l KS, ELLIS, MEDIUM; SITTINGH.9 TO 8, $1;
i>l circles Tn»s. It.. 2P. if.. '-'fin. 2:;:< Valencia.
ASTROLOG-.
X veal past and future; send 2bc for character
sketch and diseases; birthplace; year, sex, month,
hour, a. m. or p. _. if possible. PROF. BAIRD,
Astroloeer, box 4 9c. San Jo c, CaL
HYPNOTISM.
H^^yTn^ti^m^cTl^nTi^TcaXlTy^t^uoh^
success ertd.Hy pnotlcMesmeriolns,6 Of arre>l
ATTORNEYS-AT-LAW.
ADVICE FREE: DIVORCE LAWS A SPEC-
iaty; private; no fee without success: pro-
bate, insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale,
deeas, damag a, etc.; private detect! estab-
lished 10 years. G. W. HO »E, 850 M arket st :
A DVICE FREE; Nt> CHARGE UNLESS BUC-
A cessfai. J. G. JEFFRr SS, 632 Market, rm.23.
R, W.KING, CHRONICLE B LDO ; CONSUL-
. tation free: probate: all cases: fees low.
IIVICKi-RtK: CHARGE UNLESS sUO-
tessful. W. W. DAVIDSON 9^7 Market si.
STORAGE.
TOR^G^^clttE^^E^lN^TllE^TYrFlßE^
proof building: advances made. 211 Larktn. V
1,-»URNITURi2. : PIANOS. TRUNKS: AD-
X I vances. shipping 1 HAS. L. TAYLOK.2O4 eoic
, V PHYSICIANS.
T jit O. C. O*DO> lXe'llT 1206 MABKET, COB.
XJ uoldenQate ay. ; diseases of women a specialty.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
sU9nnn hous>>. OF 3 ROOMS; L0T25x140;
VpZXJXjyj. will exchange for lmproveJ or un-
improved country property; mortgage 1900 at 7
percent. 1402 Valencia st., cor. Twenty-fifth. '- '
C: 11-^n will build A first-class 6-
•JplUO'' room and basement cottage; iorcelaln
bath; wood mantels: brick ouniation, etc.. com-
plete. $.450 for 6-room cottage. Call and see
plans, spec locations, etc.; same submitted for any
kind of building, v . W. REDNALL, builder,
2312 Market St.. near 14th. ■ - ; '
aj-PvPvjin FILBErtTST., E. OF JONES : LOT
iirOO '\J. 27:6x136:6, with 2-story bay-win-
dow house of 2 fine flats of 6 and 5 rooms and
bath: brick foundation; very desirable ai.d cheap.
$5750— Leaven worth St., near Union: 3 fine
flats of 6 rocms and bath each; rents $52: con-
crete foundation and sidewalk; street accepted;
pays good income. .
$850 i ash — Lacuna St., near Pine; whole price
$2600; hue building lot; street accei ted: stone
b.dewalk: the cheapest lot in town. ROBERT J.
MERCER <fe S )N, 410 Pine St.
© 1 UlXfi C 'TT GE ON 2D AYE., ?SJO
»U> 1 >>\j\J. cash, mortgage $1300, rents $26;
$1950 cash, mortgage $2000, rents $5 8 a year,
near Howard and 7th sts ; $2000, splendid cot-
tage, 709 York St., near .9:h; 750, cottage, i
n ar Haight and Ashuury sts. KING & Me-
A LLY, 630 Market li.
<Si 4f\f\f\ $4003. $4000.
tJciUWU. On easy terms; $500 cash, La ance
monthly Installments; new 2-story modern house
of 6 rooms and bath; Callfofiia St., near 6th aye.
Owner on premises or » jply to SHAINWAtD,
BTJCKBEi. & CO., 218-220 Montgomery st., Mills
building. - • : .- ■ •; ; -..: • •
RSIDE.NCE .< % 8 BDOiIS AND BATH,
cheap, at 1038 Sutler st.: mast be removed.
Apply to H. JACKS, box 267, Builders' Exchange.
BARGAIN.
Must be sold— 2 large houses, renting 'for $60
per month: double lot, 50x80; on the north line
of Brannan st., bet. Ist and 2d; cheapest property
on the market. For price and terms,: apply to
MADISON <fc BURKE, 626 Market at.
V'OK >ALE uN EASY TERMS-MODERN
-I houses on Masonic aye. and Waller St.; house*
contain salon parlors, dining-room, billiard-room
and 6 large bedrooms, bath, kitchen and laundry;
rooms beautifully decorated; sun In every room;
see them to-day. Take Hatght or Ellis street car,
(.el off at Masonic aye.; owner on premises.
Gi/1 C\(\t\ FOR -ALK OR EXCHANGE.
*IPt:V/1/U. New cottage on 23d aye. East Oak-
land; 6 rooms and bath: high basement; br;ck
toundatioti; bay windows; lot 62x160. -
G. H. UMBSEN & CO., ,-V.
14 Montgomery st.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
BARGAIN; GOOD HOME, $1200; 154 ACRES;
best part of Monterey; good house, barn, pure
water: cultivated to w eat; portion of crop to go
with ranch. D., box 91, Call. .
OMKSTEAD LOCATION FOR FRUIT,
.vine or poultry; timber, water: good soil;
only $100. Call 531 California St., room 1.
ANCH TO RE.\ i— 23o ACRES, ALL UNDER
JTt cultivation: 12 acres in berries: 15 acres In
pears, 2000 trees; - acres in asparagus; SO cows:
10 horses; 75 calves.
Ranch near city; rent $5 acre year: 3 crops of
rye grass r.tlsed each year. Further particulars
at MURRAY & READY'S, Leadi g Employment
Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
A LFALFA LANDS TO I.JSASK FOR A TERM
A of years; level, fertile loam, under canal;
near Escaion, San Joaquin County , Cat., by;
W_;-- MCAFEE BKOTHEKS,
108 Montgomery street, San Francisco, Cal.
A T SACRIFICE; 6-R'OM. COTIAGf.; HARD
-t\- finish; bath; hot and cold water; sewered;
8-ioot basement; lot 50x150; must sell immedi-
ately; part payment accepted, or will rent by the
year. Box 261, Haywards, cal.
T7<LEGANT VINEYARD; WOULD X-
£-1 change: rare bargain. Rm. 70, Columbia bld«.
A^TKD-1N KXCHANGE FOR cTtY
lodging-house clearing $200, Improved coun-
try property: will pay part cash. tePECK & CO.,
6 '2 Market st.
n . i.c homes close to town; im-
proved; easy terms: also 4 to 12 acre pieces
on 8 and 1 years' credit. D. H. TWING, So-
noma City: every Monday at 632 Market st., S. F.
K..RN COUNTY IN VEST M NT— BAEKKS
fie.d is one of the most advantageous points
In California for investment right now; I have to
offer some Of the best business and residence prop-
erty at very low prices; sure to increase In value:
also improved property that will pay; corre-
spondence solicited. R. B. SWaYNE, Bakers-
field, Cal.
ARGAiN— 26 ACRKS CHOICE FRUIT,
hay, grain, winter vesetsb'es. $25 per acre;
83 acres rich soil, 4 flowing springs $ 5 per acre;
18 acres, running water all the year soil very pro-
ductive, all fenced, $40 per acre, near Pleasamon,
a lamed a County. Call or write, 57 Chronicle
building.
KND FOR ILLUSTRATED PAMPHLET OF
California lanas for sale Dy H. FRANCIS,
rooms 69-71 Chronicle building. San Francisco, Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— oOB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND KEAIi ESTATE.
\\T ILL BUILD 7 ROOM HOUSE OS LOT 40
'» x 150 to suit buyer; well located; $400 cash;
easy installments. Address A, L. TOED, Arling-
ton Hotel, Oakland.
I'VE BEr.N '1 OLD SO. BUT WOULD LIKE TO
investigate for myself— A handsome 6-room,
h basement cottage, with bath, closets, pantry;
hard finished; very modern; fine lot, and all com-
plete for $950: terms to suit your earnings; choice
lots a:sucan be had for 575 and upward; streets
all graded ; electric roads near and fine school-
house; Allendale Tract, in Fruitvale, adjoining
East Oakland: climate, soil and view unexcei.ed;
conveyance free. 459 Ninth St., Oakland, H. Z.
Ji'Nr s, owner.
(Jjj7 „to $150 FOR CHOICE BUILDING
up I O lots la the town of Fitchburx; a new sta-
tion established near Oakland, on the Haywards
and San Leaudro local line, by the Southern Pacific
Company; only 45 minutes from San Francisco
and 6 minutes , from Oakland; electric-cars every
ew minutes; terms to suit buyers. Apply to
C M. RUNKLK, owner, bl&Va Washington su,
Oakland. Cat.
uj» J X/k LOTS NEAR THE ALTENHKIM IN
<IP1«-)V/. Fruitvale; electric cars; only $1 down
and $1 a week v. selling fast: good improvements.
11. B. PIN NET owner. 902 Broadway. Oakland.
SUBURBAN REAL ESTATE.
LTA PUNTA TRACT; GEM OF THE BAY
x\ District; 425 acres: subdivided: 3 miles north
of Berkeley, 8 from Oakland; 47 minutes from
San Francisco; lots 50x200; from $100 to $200;
i installments; send for a map. GEORGE W.
H.aIOHT. 220 Sansome St.. S. V. •
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
rnflloljsi^r~AND LOTsT~iFRO>I $200~TO
O\J $28,000: 100 ranches, everywhere, prices
$300 to $46,000 150 stores and business places,
from $50 to $10,000 tor sale or . exchange.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
COKING FOii A RANCH? HERE Is 1280
J acies good timber: plen y water: s lendid
pasture; best chance in the State. N M box 16, Call.
(JJj. (\(\ HOUSE OF 3 BOOMS; L0T25x140;
tU'- Vv/. will exchange for Improved or unim-
proved country property; . mortgage (900 at 7 per
cent. 1402 Valencia St., cor. Twenty-fifth. " '
fljj 1 7 (\f\(\ HOUSE OF 16 ROOMS ON 60-
-«E> I i .\J\J\i . vara lot, San Francisco, to ex-
change for ranch In the bay counties: very desir-
able property. GEO. W. HAIGHT. 220 Sansome.
fct.NUi OR OUR US r OF ORCHARD HOME-S
O for sale. WOQWRH & WHITTov. Ran Jon*
PROPERTY WANTED.
\VT ANTED— ABOUT ONE SECTION GRASS
'» land; living water. Cash, box 36, Call.
MONEY TO I.OAN. .
A— PRIVATK "aXU i REBPk"cTABLE^,"wITH
very light Interest, is the secret of our success.
Cut-rate Loan Office, Flood building, room 7, en-
trance *09 Market st.
<&'->nrt I if If I AT «i^ PER CENT ON CITY
dJOI.iU.wUU real estate: also Oakland, estates,
life insurance, second mortgage*, any sum. Man-
hattan Loan Ca. 10 Mills building, ground floor. ■
IGHLY RESPECTABLE AND PRiVATE
place to obtain the most liberal advances on
diamonds and jewelry at tne very lowest rates.
Baldwin Jewelry Store, 948 Market.
NY AMOUNT; IST, £D;OR 3D MORTGAGES,
estates, undivided interests, real estate in pro-
bate: furniture and pianos without removal.
McCOLO AN. 24 Montgomery St.. room 8.
IRECTON YOUR FURNITURE oRPiANO."
no removal; no delays; no commissions: low
Interest. Km. 68, Donobue bide. 1170 Market si.
ffljl)»>« |||WlAl' JiAKK KATE-.: lei AND
tjjIOAt».UUU 2d mortgages, estates, rents, etc.;
lend as low as $50. H. MURPHY. 628 Market st.
WHY PAY HIGH INT. ON MULL LOANS?
"» We loan at 55c interest per mo. on each $100
on 2d mortgage-, any security. Gold, box 4, Call.
N FURNITURE; VEK'. LOW INTEREST;
no commission. . SCRIBNEJI, 7 City Hall aye.
IV.xli-; PAKI V LOANS ON ANY GOOD
security:'ow Interest. H.D., box 160, Ca1l Office.
O.NKY TO LOAN ON REAL ESTATE: ANY
amount. W • LLIAMS, 214 Pine St., room 3.
fl*P>A IO $50,000; Low Ksr hJklc: 1.-l A & j
OKf mortgage : flat or Instlmnt. Dryden. 635 Cal.
ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS. JKWtLitY,KTC
Columbia Loan & i ollatcral Office. 9 < rant avn.
PAWNBROKERS.
* DVANCES ON DIAMONDS.JEWELRY, BIL-
-r\-verware,planoB:low rates. Loan, 133 Taylor
HIUHE.^i IKlUiAll) tun iaal OFi<
rlothlnz. . < n=n r.no tifn I non «>rrlr^. 49 Third.
'*VL ■''' ■■?:'::'-' -*'»>'AAi;iAX.Vi. ■■'.': " "V :' ; *.. ;\ ■:';■■
ANKBOOKS OA-"; SAVINGS iAND LOAN— I
will buy. f B. 70 - 916 Market St., 8. F. I
HOTELS.
TTrOOKLYN HoTtHu 208^21^ BUSH^StC
I D board and room $1 to (2 per day. *6 to $12
per week; t choice rooms 50 cents to $1: suite
rooms for family $1 to SI 50 per night: first-class
service; free coacb. CHARLES MONTGOMERY
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
OR SALE OiTkX' U A >'OE~FOR LOTS OR
ranch; pretty 5-room cottage; modern improve-
ments: let 45x110, barn, etc. ; nice locution; handy
to train and electric-car*. Ad. box 113, B rkeley.
1 , ,Ai\ HOUSE F 3 ROOMS IS BERKE-
tIpxUUU. y; lot- 75x1*6: near station; $100
down. $15 monthly. CHA3. A. BaILEY, 20
Montgomery st. • ■ " '
I'ST BK SOLD TO CLOSE AN ESTATE;
lot 123X-7O; 2 blocks from station: street
work done; an offer wanted. JOS. J. MASON
Berkeley station. - - - . -.
BIKitt^— MARRIAGES —
[Birth, marriage and death notices sent br mall
will not be inserted. They must be handed in a;
either of the publication offices and be indorsed
with the name ani residence peraomaalhorizei
to have mo isamo published. J
" EOK.Y. "
BACON— In this city, January 24.1897. to the
wife of William J. Bacon, a daughter.
HARRINGTOX-In thU «:r<-. Januiryl4. 1897,
to the wife of W. W. Harrington, a daughter.
PEaR E— January 19. 1897, to - the - wife of
Samuel S. Pearce, a son.
X>lEl>.
Abernethy, Miss A. K. Lennon, Thomas
Alexand -r, William Mc^rory, Hannah
Alvarez, Jaclnta Me Williams. Michael
Coillns, He-isle R. Mangets. John 11. '
Corcoran. Ann E. Kelchllng, Louis F.
Da: ton, John P. i-'choeae, Richard
Desmond. Katie A. Sciaccaluga, Nina
Gr.ffing, George J. bhanabrouk. Janet
Hanlon, Captain D. ' Stewart, James
lloliU. Frank H. Tlernan, M^rearet
KaUer, Leopold .. Wharton, PhCß'je
Lennard, Robert K. Wright, William J. .
ABERNETHY— In Oakland, January 24, 1897,
Miss .a nnie E. Abernetby. sister of Mrs. J. H.
Brewer.
JBS" Friends are invited to attend the funeral
THIS DAY (Monday), at 4 o'clock p. m.,
from the residence of J. H. Brewer, 678 Thir-
teenth street, Oakland. interment private.
ALEXANDER— In the Cltv and County Hospital.
January 24, 1897, William Alexander, aged 32
years
ALVAREZ— In this city, January 23, 1897.
Jaclnta Alvarez, dearly beloved mother of
Frf n ..Peter and Joseph Alvarez. Mrs. Euphemla
Harvey and Mrs. Emma Estudillo, anaUveot
Mexico, aged 69 yean. - ■ . •
J&jfFriends and acquaintances are respect-
ful y Invited attend the tuneral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 1 o'clock p. it., from the par-
lors of Valeme, Marinl & Co., 1524 Stockton
street, oetvreea Green and Union.
COLLINS— In this city, January 2:2, Ifc97, Bessie
, R. Collins.
CORCORAN-In this city, January 1897. Ann
E., beloved wife of Daniel Corcoran, and mother
of W. D. Corcoran aud -Mr*. E. Mnrohy, a na-
tive of London. England, aged 67 years. [Bos-
ton (Wats.) Pilot please copy.]
457* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from her late
reside cc. 256 Perry street, thence to St. Rote's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will ba
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment Mount
Calvary Ceme tery.
DALTON— In his city, January 24, 1897. John
P., beloved husband of Kate Daltou, am brother
of William and Kate L-alton, Mrs. R. O'Connor
and Mr*. J. H. Mahan, and son-in-law of Mr.
and Mrs. D. J. Brannan of Vailejo, a native of
San Francisco.
AS" Notice of funeral hereafter :,-:.-
DESMOND— In this city, January 24, 1897. Katie
A. Desmond, betoved dangbter of .Mrs. John
O'Ma.lev and the late Patrick Desmond, and
sister of Mamie and John Desmond and the late
Mrs. Charles McCauiley. and niece of the late
Michael* Desmon ', a native of San Francisco,
aged 21 years 10 months and 4 days.
GRIFFING— In thU city. January 24, 1897,
heorge J., belovel husband of Gertrude GrlN
nag. and father of Frederick. G»orge, William,
iiarry, Bailey and Gertrude Grimng, a native of
Ne*v Vor<, a?eJ 59 yean.
£9~Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 11 o'clock a. m., from the par-
lors of Carew <& Euelish. 41 Van Ness arenas,
near Market street. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
HANLON— this city, January 22, 1897, Cap-
tain Daniel, beloved husband of Eme.le D. If.
Hanlon, a native of Ireland, aged 68 years.
Jt3~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
ful y Invited to attend 'ne funeral Tills DAY
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m., from his late
resllence, 162? - a Kson stree., thence to St.
Bridget's Church, Van Ness avenue and Broad-
way, where a requiem mass will bu celebrated for
the repose of his soul. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
HOLLIS— In this city, January 23. 1897. Frank
H. Hollls, a native of Ohio, age I 40 years.
KAISER— In this city, January 23, 1897, Leopold,
dearly beloved husoand of Louisa Kaiser, a na-
tive of tinderstalt, Hanover, Germany, aged 56
years 3 months and 29 'lays.
AT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
folly Invited to attend the 'uneral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the par-
lors of Charles J. B. Metzler, 636 Waahlngtoa
street. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
LENNARD— this city, January 24, 1H97. Rob-
er X., beloved husband of Esther Lennard, and
lather of Mrs. J. Ip switch of Martinez, CaL, a
native of Yor; shire, England, aged 76 years 9
months and 6 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock p. m., from the Church,
o the Advent, Eleventh siren., near Market,
thence to I. O. O. F. building (Memorial Hall),
Market and Seventh streets, where services will
be held. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
LENNOX— In this city, January 22. 1897, Thomas
Leanon, a native of Ireland, aged 63 years 8
months and 10 days.
McGRORY— In this city. January 24, 1897, Han-
nah, belovei wife of Owen Mcorory, a native of
the parish of Clom&ny, County Donegal, Ire-
land, aged -ly years.
£3" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully nvlted to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from her
late residence, 128 Rincou place, tnence to St*
Brendan's cnurch, where a so'.ema requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul, cool-
mencing at 9 o'clock a. v. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
McWiLLIAMS— In South ban Francisco, Janu-
ary 23, 1897. Michael beloved son of Michael
and Mary Me Williams, brother of Thomas,
James and Joseph .Me Williams and Mrs. Thomas
Parkinson, and nephew of Mrs. Kosanna Bald-
win, a native of Quebec, Lower Canada, aged 43
years and 8 days.
4S~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORKOW
(Tuesday), at 9:30 a- m.. from the residence
of his parents, 13JH Twelfth avenue south, be*
tween M and L streets south, thence to All Hal-
lows Church, N street -south, between Fifteenth
and Sixteenth avenues south, where a solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock a. it
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
MANGKL"— In this City. January 24, 1897. John
Henry, beloved son of Mrs. Emma and the late
Claus Mangels, and brother of Aggie Mangels
and -Mrs. Kmma Tinman, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 31 years and 8 months.
' 83TTbe funeral will take place TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. x., from St. Mark's
Church, O'Farrell street. Dei ween Franklin and
I Gou,-h. Interment private.
REICHI.ING— In Oakland, January 24, 1897,
Louis F., eldest son of tne late Francis anJ
Louise Keichlln?, a native of Volcano, cal., agad
41 » .art 4 months and 10 d y-..
43~Friend8 and acquaintance* are resoect-
fully invited toa;tend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. v., from his late resi-
dence, 91 1 Linden street, Oakland. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery.
SCHOENE— In this city. January 23. 1897. Rich-
ard bohoene, a native of Germany, aged 5 4 years.
SCIACCAIiUGA— In this city, January 23, 1897.
Nina Sclaccaiuga. dearly beloved mother of
Frank Scia ca ug* and Maria Plnaglia. and sis-
ter of Captain Rafael Demoro, a native of Italy,
agci > 0 years and 6 months.
tfir Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fiiny invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from Sts. Peter
and Paui's (Italian) Church, corner of Dnnont
and Filbert streets, thence to the Italian Cem-
etery.
SHANA BROOK— In this city, Jannary 1897,
at 685 Clementina street, Janet Shanabrook
(nee berk), a native of iralkirk, Scotland, aged
47 years and 9 months. ■ .
JO* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tne funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from her late
residttacd. - 6*5 Clementina street. Interment
Masonic Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
STEWART- In this . city, January 24. 1897,
James Stewar . a native of Belfast, Ire. am!.
Friends and acquaintances are resnect-
fu ly invited to atte id the fun ral THI-* DAY
(Monday), at 1 o'clock .p. x., . from the par-
lors of Carew & English. 41 Van Ness avenue,
n.mr Market street. Interment Masonic Ceme-
.' tery. ;;\.\ -
TIERNaN— In this city. January 21, 1837. Mar-
garet, beloved wife of Michael Tie man. a n<l
mother of Michael. Peter, Nellie and Maggie
Tlernan. a native of Ireland, aged 55 years. • .
43" Friends and acquaintances are r?9pect>
fniiy invite i to atend th» nneral-TKIS DvY
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from her late
residence, 340 Thirtieth street, near Sanctum,
tbenca to St. Paul's Chnrcb, where a solemn
requiem mass will bo celebrated for the repose of
her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. x. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. \ -
WHARTON— East Oakland, January 23, 1837,
Phoebe Wharton, a native of Virginia, aged 73
years." --'i-i : - ' . • .
WRIGHT— In South Berkeley. January 22. 1897,
William James, oelovei husbaui or Margaret
Wright, and father of Mabel K. and Gladys E.
; Wright, a native of st. John, New Brunswick,
aged 6 J years and 10 months. |
ti~ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
ful! i .vlted to a tend tne funeral Till? DAY
(Monday), at 1 o'clock p. m.. from the Ma-oiic
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets,
. under the auspices oi Excelsior Lodge No. 16d,
K. and A M Inierment Mas ink Cemetery.
' MCAVOY * GALLAGHER, I
FDNKRAL DIBKCTORS 4 EMBALM
' SO Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 3080. -,
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN ; MATJEO ' COUNTY: NEAREST C'EMl*
tery to tne city; non-sectarian : in no sen ex* '
dative: location unexcelled. Office btt7 MofKtf
linei, aoutaeui corner <*• oixtm
1112
GREEKS WHO WILL
AID THE CUBANS
A. Company of Volunteers
Now Being Formed
in This City.
Prominent Business Men Taking
an Active Interest in the
; Movement.
At Least Eighty Sharpshooters Will
Leave for Cuba Inside of
a Month.
The Greeks of California have decided
to take a hand in the struggle now going
on for independence in Cuba, and should
tbe hopes ot the leaders be realized at
least eighty men, old soldiers who fought
and bled in the battie-rielas of Europe,
wiil sail from some port in California dur
ing the first week in February.
Among those who are said to know some
thing about the movement are E. Stath
opulos, J. Catechi, R. Radovich, P. Car
voones, A. Capilos and D. G. Camarinos.
Should the company be formed a well
known member of one of the Schuetzen
vereins will go as captain, and he will ?ee
to it that none but sharpshooters are mem
bers of the organization.
An option on a smart schooner that is
now on the Atlantic side has been secured
and should all go weli eighty of the men
whose ancestors made the walls of Spar
ta will be righting for Cuba within a
month.
Rudovich is the head of the movement
and it anybody can engineer it to success
he is the man. The people connected
with him have considerable money at
their disposal, and the first thing known
about the movement will be the landing of
the men in Cuba.
Staiuopulos, Catechi, Radovich, Oama
riuos, Capilos and C'arvoones ail assert
that there is nothing in the story and as
sert that the men now in training are be
ing got ready for the nucleus of a com
pany that is to be ">imilar to one of tho
German Schuetzen clues. All the mem
bers of the orHanization are single men,
however, and each one has his grip
packed and is ready to leave for New Or
leans at a moment's notice.
WILLIAM SMADEKE'S FUNERAL.
'I lie Politician and Meirhant I.ni<l to
l»e»t by the Kchnetien Verein.
The funeral of William Smadefce took
place yesterday afternoon from California
Hall, 62U Bush street. Tne ceremonies
were conducted by the San Francisco
Schuetzen Verein, of which deceased had
been a member and an officer for twenty
one years. For the last ten years he had
held the ranK of first lieutenant.
In commercial life Wiliiam Smadeke
was a laree wholesale liquor-dealer. In
political life he was, at tne time of his
death, a member of the Republican State
Central Committee and of tne San Fran
cisco County Republican Committee.
In fraternal life he was a member
of the San Francisco ischuetzen Ver
ein, a member of the Hanover Verein
and a member of Concordia Lodge, I. O.
O. F.
A large funeral corteae, headed by a
NEW TO-DAY.
qs rinroirroTnnr^fiTnnroTrr^ innnnnrinnnnnnrinnreinr^
I CLOSING 1
\ CLOSING 1
! scenes]
P Of the most Remarkable Retiring Sale that 3
£ has ever engaged the people hereabout are 3 j
g at hand. 3
REMARKABLE
g For the glaring and apparent sacrifice of a 3
high order of CLOAKS and WRAPS. 3
I REMARKABLE 3
E In point of an immense saving to the people 3
!° and great losses to the man who thus hur- 3
\% ries his goods on the street. 3
I REMARKABLE J
E- For the genuine satisfaction and enthusiasm 3
E of money-savers, and to make it the more 3
REMARKABLE
E I'll add heavily to my losses with this 3
j FINISH of the SLAUGHTER! 1
i — ■ — : — - i
£ Pattern Suits, which are known to be 3
g cheap at $3, $4 and $5 per yard, are g
g on my counters this morning at ... sOc 3
E Brocaded Velvet and Grenadine, which 3
c cost wholesale from $8 to $12 per 3
I yard, at .....$ | .OO 3
£ $2 Wrappers are in the hurry at... ..... 35c 3
I $35 Novelty Suits go for. ••• 57.50 §
c $40 Dresses, lined with silk, for ..... $ f 2-OO a
Esl Waists, to finish them quickly....... 25c 3
jo ; .. .. . o<
E WITHOUT RESERVE— Everything remain- I
* ing of my $125,000 stock will be rushed out on a
jo this scale. . . 3
I , I
ARMAND CAILLEAU
I COR. GEARY ST. AND GRANT AYE. 1
military band, escorted the remains to
Odd Fellows' Cemetery. A shooting
squad of sixteen fired a volley over the
grave according to the military custom of
the Schuetzen order.
The pall-bearers were made up of the
representatives of the Kchuetzen Verein,
the State and County Republican com
mittees and the Hanover Verein, and were
as follows: Ex-Captain Wulzen, August
Browning, Second Lieutenant Thode,
Third Lieutenant Steiling, County Clerk
Curry, County Committeeman Claire and
Mr. jungblut.
THE ROBINS RETURN.
Handsome New Water Colors Adorn the
Walls of the Museum — Sunday
at the Cliff.
The warm, bright day caused crowds to
seek outdoor pleasure at the park and the
ocean beach yesterday. The Cliff House
had an unusual number of visitors. The
crowd watched the waves which were roll
ing pretty high. A lone little rowjboat,
which was out on the billows, seemed to
be having a rather rocky time.
At the park the area in front of the mv-
Fie stand was packed with handsome
equipages, and along the driveways a large
number of tine horses and bicyclers were
swiftly speeding. Tne boys playing ball
ii: ilit- valley took up all the available
space, and thoroughly enjoyed the extra
Mne weather.
The robins came back to the park from
tne mountains the other day to seek shel
ter in their safe home there. Superintend
ent McLaren says this is a sure sum of
storm and snow: threatening the mountain
haunts of the redbreasts.
The cleaning out of Stow Lake has
been completed, and the water was turned
into it yesterday. New scales are to be
put in at the park entrance in order to
carefully check tiie weights of the sup
plies purchased for park use.
At the Sutro Baths much amusement
wa s caused by the antics of the aquatic
clowns, Cornell and Empey. In the 100
yard race H. F. Brewer wa^ first and D.
A. Carroll second. In the 50-yard race P.
Geddis made a tie with Redican.
In the open-to-all obstacle race the con
testants had to swim through six pools and
climb over five barriers. Only D. A. Car
roll and F. Bell kept up the smuggle to
the goal. Can oil was hist.
At the Chutes the scenic railway has
been lengthened to 4000 yards. A week
from to-day the Chutes will be opened
every afternoon and evening- as well as on
Sundays. The principal attractions yes
terday afternoon were Ordway, the trick
bicycle rider, and a balloon ascension. A
new stace is being erected where free
shows are to be given.
Tne Park Museum has been enriched
duriner the last week by the addition of
sixty original paintines in water color of
rare animals, reptiles and birds, by the
celebrated artist, .Professor W. Harring of
London. This splendid collection is the
generous gift ot John L. Bardweli. The
museum has also received valuable dona
tions from Rev. S. H. Willey, Mrs. S. J.
Howard and Mi?s Lensard B. Hanbrick,
all of San Francisco.
SUICIDE IN THE HILLS.
The Body Recovered and the Identity
1- st;il»lished hy tetter* Found.
The body of the man seen by James
Cameron ana Roth Haskell was recovered
by the Coroner on the Stanford Heights
near the Corbett road yesterday forenoon
and broueht to the Morgue.
From letters and other documents found
in his clothing it was ascertained that his
name was A. H. Gn^sbach, and that he
was employed by the publishing firm cf
1). Appleton & Co. of the East.
A room key with the tag Hi was found
in his pocket, which from other indica
tions is supposed to be a key to a room in
the Cosmopolitan Hotel on Fifth street.
The pistol that succeeded in sending the
unfortunate man to the other world was
found lying alongside of him.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 25, 1897.
J. H. MANGELS, a Member of the Firm of Tillmann & BendeL
Who Dkd Yesterday.
THEY WILL HELP
THE LEAGUE ON
Prominent Catholics Or
ganize an Auxiliary
Society.
At the First Meeting a Hand
some Sum Is Quickly
Subscribed.
Members Will Contribute Yearly to
Support the T mperance Or
ganization in I s Work.
Tho League of the Cross will continue
to carry on its great work in the cause of
temperance with renewed vigor and if pos
sible more enthusiasm than in the past.
Indeed, its future is now assured and still
greater progress may be expected in years
to come, for yesterday the most substan
tial kind of encouragement was given the
leading spirits in this movement.
An auxiliary society was oreanized un
der tbe patronace of his grace, Arcn
bishop Rjordan, and at his express desire.
The large exhibition hall of Sacred Heart
Coilege,cornerof Larkin and Eday streets,
was well tilled with leading Catholic gen
tlemen and ladies of San Francisco, and
then and there the League of the Cross
Auxiliary was instituted under circum
stances that are regarded as especially
auspicious. They were gathered together
in response to a circular letter from the
Archbishop, published a week since, in
which the sentiments of the writer were
expressed as follows:
The League of the Cross has now been in ex
istence la our City for six years, ana the good
work which it has accomplished in training
our boys to habits of temperance is manifest
to all. Realizing the great dangers to which
our youth are exposed, I saw the necessity tor
this organization and I have watched its suc
cess with admiration. It has banded the boys
together, and by its frequent meetings, lec
tures, essays and other exercises, has made
them interested in the work of temperance
and has taught them the blessings of a sober
life. The league has accomplished all its
work without any regular fund to defray its
expenses. It has had to rely on the generosity
of private individuals for its supi-ort. The
time has come, however, when it snould have
a regular fund. lam confident that there are
numerous persons who are only too willing to
contribute a small sum annually towards this
good cause.
Among those present were: Rev. J. J.
Prendemast, V. G. ; Rev. P. R. Lynch ;
Rev. H. H. Wyman, C. R. P.; Rev. P.
O'Ryan, Rev. P. C. Yorke, Rev. P. S.
Casey, Rev. P. Scanlan, Rev. Jobn Cul
len, Thomas H. Fallon, Jarneb J. Giidea,
William P. Sullivan, A. B. Maguire. James
R. Kelly, A. H. Loughborough, Dr. Gib
bon, Thomas J. Welsh, Charles Ga-rtn, T.
P. Riordan, George Maxwell, James Dug
pan, Michael Flood, J. C. Nealon, Colonel
J. G. Giestine and Dr. Cunningham.
Tne Rev. Peier C. Yorke presided in the
absence of the Archbishop. In opening
the meeting he briefly stated its objects,
as previously announced in the call for
such a gathering, and he read the follow
ing letter from Archbishop Riordan :
St. Mary's Cathedral, i
1100 Franklin street, Sail Francisco. {
Reverend Father Yorke: Owing 10 a very se
vere attack of the grippe I shall not be able to
attend the meeting called for this afternoon
in the bull of Sacred lit art College, and I ask
you to take my place and explain to the gen
tlemen who attend the object of it, which is
as follows: namely, the organization of an
auxiliary branch whose rmmbers will bind
themselves to aid by their influence and by a
small annual contribution the great work
which is being accomplished for our boys by
the society known as the League of the Cross.
1 wish you would explain to those wh<> at
tend the meeting how at present about 7000
boys are enrolled in the organization, and
each year brings a considerable increase of
membership; that the object iB to keep these
boys until they have reached the age of 21
years under sucn restraint and discipline that
habits of temperance may be contracted, with
the hope that during life they may be con
tinued.
I wish you would explain to the meeting
that the years oi a man's life between 12 and
21 are the formative years of life, when good
or bad habits are contracted and a bent given
either for virtue or vice.
The gentlemen present will readily compre
hend that if we can bring thousands of our
boys to the years of manhood with habits of
Bobriety and with a love of it, with minds
fully open to the dangers of intemperance, we
shall have done an immense good for them
selves and for society.
Now, to effect this, the League of the Cross
needs assistance of a pecuniary character.
Halls have to be rented, literature procured
and many other things done for the mainte
nance oi so large an organization. A tax can
not be imposed on the boys; they have noth
ing to give, and even if they had it is better
not to impose it, as it would hamper the main
tenance and growth of the society.
It is, 'herefore, better to appeal to outsiders,
and I aii confident that a sufficient number
will be ft;uud who will aid so meritorious a
work. Two thousand dollars a year would
suffice for all present demands, and* if 400 or
500 gentlemen could be found to join the
auxiliary branch the annual tax ou each
would be very small, not less than .*"> a year.
The future of church and State depends in
training our children to receive, and whatever
we do therefore to make them intelligent and
virtuous will bear abundant fruit in their
maturer years and fit them to be devout
Christians aud honest, industrious and law
abiding citizens. I therefore from my heart
commend the good work to the meeting and
enroll myself as one of the members of the
auxiliary body. Sincerely yours,
P. W. Riordan.
Father Yorke related the remarkable
history of the League of th« Cross, and I
spoke in glowing terms of its members.
He concluded by telling the meeting that
members of the auxiliary would be ex
pected to contribute not less than $o each
annually toward the support of the tem
perance society. A recess was taken to
allow those present to enroll themselves
as members, and incidentally ;o con
tribute various sums of money ranging
from $5 to $100 each. In a very short time
the ro.l was completed for the first day,
with the following names appended to it:
Most Rev. ArctiDishop P. W. Riordan, Very
Rev. J. J. Prentlergast, V. G., Rev. P. C. Yorke,
Rev. Philip O'Ryan, Rev. P. E. Mulligan, Rev.
M. D. Connolly, Rev. P. Scanlai!, Rev. P. 8.
Casey, Rev. John Cullen, Rev. H. H. Wyman,
Rev."P. Lynch.
The Hon. James D. Phelan, James C. Nealon,
Mr. and Mrs. Jeromiah Mahbney. James R.
Keily, Mrs. James OBiien, Dr. J. F. Gibbon,
If. W, Fleiniug. J. J. GUdea, A. H. Loughbor
ough, Maurke Higgins, George R. E. Max
well, T. P. Riordan, James D. Duggan,
Mrs. M. T. Connolly, Dr. E. F. Douneliy,
Dr. M. J. SulliviiD, Colonel J. C. Giesting,
(). E. Brady, T. J. Welch, M. ('onion, A. D.
Kenniff, John J. O'Toole, Mrs. Kliza Hender
son, Mrs. Mary F. Campbell, Michael Flood,
Thomas Camp'bell, Dr. J. F. McCone, W. T.
Leminau, Dr. B. J. cimningham, Thomas R.
Curtis, Thomas H. Fallon, MIM Madden, Rich
ard E. Quten, Louis T. Queen, J. C. Queen, P.
F. Bui.er, Mrs. L. J. Watson, C. R. Gagan,
Thomas J. Walsh. Philip C. Kelly, D. V. Kelly,
John F. Goggin, Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Kirk, H.
I Kelly, J. J. Doo.an, Miss Nellie F. Sullivan.
John E. R.chards Jr., John F. Callaghan, A. B.
Maguire, M. M. Grennan, Captain Jerome
Deasy, Proiessor L. Taaffe, W. A. Bresliu.
"I am very glad to be able to announce
I that one-fourth of the money required for
! the year's subscription," said Father
Yorke, "has been received at this meet
ing; and we have promises for $500, so
the balance of the $2000 needed to carry
on the work will not be hard to get. All
the money will come into the hands of
Father O'Ryan, who shail regularly make
reports of receipts and expenses. It is to
the interests ot the League of the Cross to
have a capable, reliable secretary to
collect yearly installments, and so save
the members the trouble of going to
j Father O Ryan with their subscriptions.
We can assure you that all the money
will be spent under the direct supervision
of the most reverend Archbishop, and
that it will be bpent for the best pur
poses."
Father Yorke thanked the meeting in
the name of the Arch bsshop and for the
league for taking such sincere interest in
the movement. The presence of such a
large number of people showed they were
really and truly interested in it
So in the name of all the boys, who in
this society may be trained in paths of
temperance to be good citizens, he again
gave thanks and took his Beat amid cor
aial applause.
T. J. Welsh moved that the representa
tives of the various parishes of i?an Fran
cisco give a vote of thanks to the execu
tive committee for carrying out this idea,
and the motion was carried unanimously.
Father O'Ryan extended thanks in re
sponse on behalf of the executive commit
tee of the league.
Father Yorke announced that an annual
requiem mass would be celebrated on
Memorial day for deceased members and
deceased friends of members of the league,
and on Father Mather's day for living
members of the league. After the usual
prayer the meeting aujourned.
PLUNGED TO HIS DEATH
Joseph Meehan Falls Three Sto
ries and Is Instantly
Killed.
He Was Trying to Close a Window
When the Shocking Accident
Occurred.
Joseph Meehan, a mere lad but 16 years
of age, met his death in a strange and
shocking manner at about 8 o'clock last
evening. He was attempting to ciose a
window through which chilly draughts
were creeping into a room occupied by
himself aud parents on the third floor of v
lodging-house at 444>£ Third street, when
he slipped and plunged out and down to
the stone pavement telow. He struck on
his head. His skull and neck were broken
and he was dead in an instant.
The boy was employed in a local factory
as a glass blower. Having to be at his post
early this morning, the deceased intended
retiring early and wa3 proceeding to do
so when he met with the fatal accident.
His father entered the room when he was
disrobing and noticing that tba upper
sash of a window under which the boy's
cot was located, wa« pulled down, sug
gested that it be closed in order to prevent
illness.
The boy kneeled on bis cot, which was
about even with the window-sill, and lift
ing the lower sash attempted to raise the
upper one. Suddeniy he lost his balance
and plunged from the window. His father
and mother heard his body strike the
ground and hurried, wild with grief, to
the sidewalk. There on tne pavement lay
their boy, a minute before an obedient,
contented lad, and now a corpse.
A crowd of people immediately congre
gated, and it was with difficulty that the
little body was covered to bide it from the
eyes of the curious. The Coroner's office
was notified, and Deputy Coroners Tyrrell
and Smith removed the remains to the
Morgue.
Tne parents were heartbroken over the
death of their son, and would not be com
forted.
University Extension Lecture.
The fourth lecture in the university exten
sion course will be delivered in the Y. M. C. A.
Association io-morrow night by Professor
Cross of the University of the Pacific. The
subject, "The Alpine Mountain," will be illus
trated with s<ereoptlcon views, and music will
be furnished by artists is picturesque Swiss
costumes.
Send books, music or magazine* to be bound
to the bindery. Mysell-Rolliiis, 22 Clay. *
SUDDEN DEATH
OF J. H. MANGELS
The Bursting of a Blood
Vessel Caused His
End.
Deceased Was a Member of the
Firm of Tillmann &
Bendel.
He Was Only 31, and Was Well
Known and Esteemed in Busi
ness Circles.
John Henry Mangels, one of San Fran
cisco's youngest and most respected busi
ness men, a member of the wholesale
firm of Tillmann <fc Hendel, and a native
son, died somewhat suddenly at 5 o'clock
yesterday morning at the residenc of his
stepmother, Mrs. Glaus Mangeis, 2518
Howard street.
The news of Mr. Mangels' totally unex
pected death at the early age of 31 years
and 8 months will come as a severe shock
to a wide circle of friends by whom he
was known and admired, both in com
mercial and private life.
Mr. Mangels apparently enjoyed excel
lent health until quite recentiv, and did
not cease to personally attend to his busi
ness duties until last Saturday, when his
symptoms became so alarming as to com
pel him to take to his bed. His illness is
said to have been dropsical in character,
and toward the end water in the lungs
made respiration difficult. Dr. John
Moss, who was at once called in, aiso
found, upon examination, that other in
ternal organs were seriously affected. A
faial termination, however, was hardly
anticipated, nor did the patient himself
seem conscious of his precarious condi
tion.
The effort involved in breathing must
have been too much for his rapidly wan
ing strength, and eventually caused the
rupture of a biood-vessei in the brain, death
ensuing soon afterward. He passed away
quietly and witnout any pain whatever,
in tne presence oi several relatives, in
cluding his uncle, Claus Spreckels, and his
cousin, ,1. D. Spreckeis, whose residence
adjoins that of Mrs. Mangels.
John Henry Mangels was born in San
Fruncisco and received a public school
education in this City. He became a
member of the tirni of Tiilmaun & Bendel
about six years ago, but wa» also privately
connected with many important business
enterprises.
He belonged to Stanford Parlor, N. S.
G. W., and was an active member of the
Olymp.c and Bohemian clubs and of the
I'acinc Yacht Club. He always displayed
a keen interest in the affairs of the Na
tional Guard of California, ranking as
major in that body and acting on the staff
of (ieneral James.
His popularity in all these walks of life
was deservedly great, and those who knew
him in either one or all of them will
deeply deplore his untimely demise in the
very prime of manhood. He was related
to the bpr^ckels family by virtue of his
father's union with a sister of Claus
Spreckels. Mr. Mangels Sr. died several
years ago. Deceased has two sisters liv
ing, one of whom is the wife of P. Till
maiin.
The funeral will take place to-morrow
afternoon from the German church of St.
Marß, corner of Gough and O'Farrell
streets.
THE HANDBALL COURTS.
J. C. Nealon and 1. F. Bonnet Defeat
Champions J. Riordan and P. T.
Donnelly.
The Ban Francisco handball court was
crowded yesterday, and several attractive
games were witnessed. The greatest in
terest centered in a game in which J. C
Nealori and T. F. Bonnet played against
J. C. Riordan, the coast champion, and
P. T. Donnelly, amateur champion. The
game was marked by brilliant rallies and
splendid service.
Riordan and Donnelly strove hard to
avert defeat, as Nealon and Bonnet lowered
their colors a few weeks ago, but luck was
against them. Nealon was in great form,
and was keenly on the alert, never miss
ing a ball, while Bonnet played with his
usual skill and judgment. Donnelly has
been singularly unfortunate this year, but
he is not by any means discouraged.
• Phil Ryan and Dan Rodeers did their
level best to defeat George McDonald and
W. Hamilton, but were unsuccessful,
much to their surprise. Ryan blamed
Rodeers and Kodgers blamed Ryan, and a
single-handed game will probably be the
result to determine the vexed question.
There were no games at the Union court
yesterday owing, probably, to the fact
that the court is uncovered.
Following were the games at the San
Francisco court:
M. Basch and R. Hausman defeated E.
Downs and T. Foley, 17—21, 21—15.
G. McDonald and W. Hamilton defeated P.
Ryan and 1). Rodgers, 21—12, 16—21, 21—19.
M. Edwards and M. McClure defeated W.
Stansbury and J. Collins, 21—14, 16—21,
21—19. M. Maguire and T. Luikin defeated J.
Hussey and G. Maguire, 2l— l2, l4— 2l, 21—20.
T. Sullivan and DocMolloy defeated J. O'Don
nell and R. Shields, 21—11, 15—21. 21—18.
P. Barrett and J. O'Leary defeated H. Moflitt
and R. Shea, 21— 15-21,21—20. J.O'Don
holl and L. Hinze defeated J. Hinze and J.
Vogelsang, 21—14, 17—21, 21—19. E. Toy
and E. Maloney defeated R. Mnrphy and A.
Ponnoyer, 21—13, 14— 21, 21— 17. J. C. Nea
lon and T. F. Bonnet defeated P. Donnelly and
J. Riordan, coast champion, 21—14, 20—21,
21-18.
: ■ » — — ♦
- Jewelry store. 5 and 7 Third street, removed to
303 Kearny street. -
WEW TO-DAT.
Most
Extraordinary
RUG SALE
Ever Known in This City Begins
THIS MORNING.
250 "RUGS,
Size 27x54,
ALL CMOICE DESIONS,
At 50c Apiece.
M. FRIEDMAN & CO.,
233-«35-!437 POST STREET,
Near Stockton,
130-133-134 MOBTON ST BEET
OPEN EVENINGS.
KEW TO-DAY-DRT GOODS.
SPECIAL
VALUES
THIS WEEK!
150 dozen LADIES' NATURAL WOOL *
VESTS and DRAWERS (all sizes) - - - * l#uu Each
50 pieces NEW FRENCH NOVELTY SUIT-
; INGS, assorted designs, full 42 inches in *jsr v
width (navys only) - 7 '** Yard
500 pieces No. 40 EXTRA QUALITY TAF-
FETA RIBBON, all silk and latest Spring nr 
. . -*Ut Yard
shades ----------
50 pieces BLACK FRENCH DIAGONAL
CHEVIOT, full 50 inches wide - 75^ Yard
600 pieces FRENCH and BELGIAN TOR- j^ r
CHON LACES, handmade, sc, 10c and *22C Yard
350 dozen BLEACHED HUCK TOWELS, <£,-> „
hemmed, hemstitched and fringed --- * * Per M en
20 dozen GENUINE ENGLISH MOREEN
LADIES' SKIRTS, in both black and <t^
colored $3-00 Each
colored ----------- Lawu
. J5dF" Country orders receive prompt attention.
JCfiP- Goods delivered free in San Rafael, Sausaltto, Bllthe-
dale. Mill Valley, Oakland, Alameda and Berkeley.
M& J^m^ mi.
1692 • M s^**^£L
111, 113, 115, 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
' Ml H '61a3 D^Brk
i .
Below are prices to inter-
est every one, the goods are I
regular stock and worthy of
your confidence in every way.
SPECIAL SAVING SALE.
Monday Tuesday — Wednesday
Claret gal. 45c
regularly 75c "
We will bottle it if you wish.
Olive oil quart 45c
Our importation.
California prunes lb. 05c
regularly 3 lbs. 25c
Nice, big iruit.
Smyrna figs 2 lbs. 25c
regularly 20c lb.
Meat in every seed.
Tea
Mandarin Nectar, regularly 60c. .- _
« lb. 45 C
Foochow Oolong, Phoenix Chop, .*„
regularly 50c. lb. 4 OC
Dates lb. ioc
regularly 15c. Fresh arrival.
Mail orders have most
\ careful attention ; new cata-
logue free.
I L. A. Bertelln? Pres. H. Nordruan Vlce-Pres.
A. W. Kirk, sec. Jos. Nordman, Treaj.
427 KEARNY STREET,
Is the very best place to have your eyes examined j
and fitted to glasses with instruments exclusively J
our own, whose superiority baa not yet been i
equaled.
We have no rivals. We value our reputation; i
we guarantee satisfaction, and depend solely upon |
the merits of our work for success.^ • I
DR.MCNULTY.
rrms WELL-KXOWJS 1 AND RELIABLE of.l>
X Kpefi»listcure*Private,Nervou3,UloodandSfcin
Diseases of Me n only. Manly Power restore.l. Over
20y^.rs' experience. Send for Book, Patients
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours. 9 to 3
dally;6:3otr>B.3oeWs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Cunaolta-
tionlree and sacredly coufldential. Call or address -
P. BOSCOE McSriTT, M. !>.,
2«^ Kearny Street, San ITi»in-»wt». Cal.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
nHARLES H. PHILLIPS. ATTORNET-A*
\J Law and Notary Public, 638 Market sr., qppo.
Lite Palace Hotel. Telephone 670. Re»ld«nc« IVU
Fell street. Telep>oa» - «iw " 2891.
6 .^patents! 3
patents! ;)
Wi^aZQ MARKET ST.S.fS£S»'
I THE .
WEEKLY
CJILL
I It Publishes the Cream of th»
01 News of the Week and
«=>< MANY ATTRACTIVE 'AND
<=>< ORIGINAL FEATURES.
o<
°\ IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
OC PAPER ON THE
0/ PACIFIC COAST
gD Always Republican, but Always
J Fair and Impartial in Its
J Rendering of the Po-
q) litical News.
3 It's the Paper to Send East if
o/ You Want to Advertise
oc California.
!j \ / '
°\ The Best \ / Mining
ot Telegraphic \/ News That
©/ Service on /N. Is Accurate
cJ The Coast / \& up to data
c* Not a Line of it Sensational JT
°\ or Faky, and Not a Line of "
°\ it Dry or Uninteresting.
2 A PAPER FOR THE COUNTRY FIRESIDE.
J Bright, Clean, A Champion of
OC Thoughtful. Truth.
cJ A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
jj ALL THE TIME.
°) IT ADVOCATES SENT BY
el HOME MAIL, $1.30
cJ INDUSTRIES A YEAR.
3 THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL
0000000000-o-oo
AN EXCELLENT
Tr'-TTT"^ AT Properly prepared and
|\/l HiX I promptly served, can
i.v JLJLJiJ. XJL-> always be obtained in
THE GRILL ROOM OF THE
Decidedly the J-\ A T A Y^T^L
Most Popular KAI A (.Hf
Dining Apart- -■■ X »■■*—'* *V^i.i
tnent in town. ; m.^mumm JF a 'lit**\<*:'iv^fupfigT m
<H>o<K>-C><KK><K>o-0-
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD D AMI AN \ BITTEKS, THE
great Mexican Remedy: gives HtalUl »n*
BtrtnjEth to the &eiu»i Or*j.n».