VOLUME LXXXI.— NO. 6S.
TORRENTS ACT
IS PASSED
Bulla Succeeds in GettiDg
the Title Bill Through
the Senate.
SECOND EFFORT RESULTS
IN SUCCESS.
Arraignment of Colonel Thomas
F. Barry, the Attorney for the
Abstract Companies.
/>-Q DIFFERENCE BETWEEN PAID
I LAWYER AND LOBBYIST.
I
Eut the Ex- Militia Commander Makes
a Clear Explanation of His
Actions.
• SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. s.— Senator
Bulla to-day carried out his interesting
programme as outlined in The Call this
morning. He paid bis compliments to the
"paid attorney" of the title insurance
companies of San Francisco, and thereby
gained a decided victory for his bill for
the certification of land titles and the sim
plification of real estate transfers, popu
larly known as the Torrens Act.
The incidents connected with the pas
sage of the bill, after it had once been de
feated, were the sensation of the day. It
was in the air that something unusual was
to transpire, and the attendance was the
. largest thus far seen in the Senate cham
ber. Among the interested spectators was
Colonel Thomas P. Barry, who, it was gen
era! known, was to be the object of Sena
tor Bulla' attack.
Bulla opened the debate for the final
passage of his bill, confining himself
- strictly to the merits of the bill.
Gillette, who led the fight against it on
tile occasion of its deleat, again took the
"floor against it. I
. Boyce took a strong stand in favor of
the measure, Dickinson opposed it and
"Witbington and Stratton supported it.
Bulla closed the debate. He began by
.answering some of the arguments made
against his bill, but he was not Jon;; in
•petting down to the "roast." These were
his words : " "*■*** p ~. Mv
"Nov. gentlemen, there is one thing to
winch I want to refer on this fl >or. I
. kaow — I do not make the charge through
any malice or ill will, but I know that the
title insurance companies o San Jtran
cisco have had a man on the floor of this
House, and that this man is here this
morning to oppose the passage of this
bill.
* "I will not say anything more to you,
gentlemen, than this man said to me —
that he was here as the paid attorney of
the title insurance companies of San
Francisco, and when I asked him what
was the reason for their opposition to this
bill he said in perfect frankness, candor
' and truth that it was simply because they
deemed it against their private in lerests.
I asked him if he knew that there was a
statute against lobbying. He replied that
he was not a lobbyist — that he was a paid
attorney.
"I like that expression; it is a nicer
word than lobbyist, which carries to our
. roind the detestable figure of a man who
uses his influence, his mind and his might
for money to deleat legislation; to defeat
• the will of the people. I thank the gen
tleman for the term, 'Paid attorney.'
There is another term that the gentleman
wiignt have made use of, which sounds
even less offensive than ' paid attorney.'
He might have said, 'I am the profes
sional representative of certain interests.'
That wound have sounded even better
than 'paid attorney.'
"N*ow, Senators, I appeal to you to
weigh the testimony that has been of
fered to you in the consideration of this
; bill. I appeal to you whether tho repu
table Senators on this floor are to be con
sidered or the paid attorneys are to be
heard. I know that Senators have been
worried and badgered by paid attorneys
and others, but I say that when a bill of
[this kind comes up you should not give
k< redence to this kind of appeal — to the as
sertions of the paid attorney of private
interests. 1 '
At the conclusion of Senator Bulla's
speech the roll was called on the bill, and
it was passed by the decisive vote of 25
aye* to 13 noe«. Mwffi
When the time of the noon recess came,
there was an indignation of the San Fran
cisco Senators over the course of Senator
Bulla. It was decided to defend Colonel
Barry on the floor of the Senate during
ihe afternoon session on a question of
privilege, and Senator Wolfe was selected
■ a.i spokesman. But before the time for
reconvening came it was decided to let the
matter drop.
Subsequently Colonel Barry made the
following explanation of his position:
"I came up here as an attorney to rep
resent some searchers of titles of San Fran
cisco. I went to Senator Bulla and told
him that I was interested in this Torrens
act, and was to appear before the Judiciary
Committee when tho bill was under con
sideration. Senator Bulla replied the
lawyers on the Judiciary Committee did
Rot need the assistance of another lawyer
in this measure, and did not inform me
when the measure was coming before the
Judiciary Committee. It was taken up '
and disposed or before the Judiciary Com
mittee before I had an opportunity to be
beard.
I "I went to Senator Simpson and told
I'-nni that I thought I bad been treated tin- ;
f fairly, as through Senator Bulla Senator
Vnipson said that if he bad known that
1 was here he would have invited me be
fore the committee, as the Judiciary Com
mittee wanted to have the measure ex
. plained.
•'Not having an opportunity to go be
fore the committee I had to go to individ
ual Senators and explain that I was here
The San francisco Call
to represent certain interests in San Fran
cisco — the searchers of title— and that I
wanted to lay before them what I consid
ered to bs objections to the bill. That is
the only representation I made to any
Senator, and the only influence that I
used— simply to point out the constitu
tional vi.d other objections to the bill and
its doubtful efficiency. In so doing I
have not, I believe, violated any law or
been guilty of any professional impropri
ety. 1 think every Senator will vouch for
the fact that my conduct has been
straightforward and open.
"1 would like to say one thing more;
that is. when Senator Bulla asked me what
my interests were in the matter I told
him tt. at I was here as a paid attorney,
employed by certain searchers in
Francisco to oppose tne Torren* land aci
which he hud introduced."
PROPOSED REFORMS FOR CUBA.
Regarded as the Most Ccmprehensive
Home-Rule Measure That Spam
Can Grant.
MADRID, Spain, Feb. 5.— A full ab
stract of the proposed reforms for Cuba
and Porto Rico approved by the Queen
Resent will be promulgated to-moirow in
the official gazette. The Ministry regards
them as being as comprehensive a meas
ure of home rule as can be granted under
existing conditions. It is stated that
some of them infringe so much upon the
rights belonging to the Ministry in regard
to the colonies that it will be necessary to
submit them to the Cortes before they can
be put into effect.
The most striking features of the new
reforms — wnich have not yet been an
nounced — relate to the management of
the finances of Cuba. The Council of
Administration of thirty-live members
will be constituted as already announced,
of twenty-one members elected directly
by the people, nine chosen from the com
mercial and educational societies oi
Havana and five from ex-members of the
Cortes from Cuba who have bee.i elected
the greatest number of times. The Coun
cil of Administration is eiven large pow
ers in regard to the framing of the tariff
and the budget.
They are to frame the tariff within cer
tain fixed rules prescribe! by the home
Government, and subject to the condition
that a provisional tariff shall be promul
gated by tho Minister for the Colonies
pending the organization of the machinery
of the Cuban Government.
The essential condition upon which the
Government insists is that the differential
tariff of not more than 20 per cent in favor
of Spanish products shall De imposed upon
certain articles, principally articles of
Spanish manufacture.
The tariff will consist of two columns,
one being the uniform revenue rate levied
upon the products of all countries and the
other the differential rate in favor of
Spain levied upon certain articles to be
numed by the Government, but in no case
to exceed L'O per cent of the value of tne
article.
The proposed reforms deal also with the
question of reciprocity treaties, which
may be made for Cuba, distinct from
treaties reiatinc to Spain, and which will
be framed by tne home Government upon
consultation with the Cuban Council of
Administration.
Provisions were al«o made for the ap
pointment of employes by the Governor-
General, who must be born Cubans or be
Spaniards who have resided at least two
years on the island. These appointments
will be made in most rases with the con
sent of the council of administration.
Provisions are also made for the exten
sion of the power of the municipal gov
erning boards and for the appointment of
municipal judges by the members of the
municipalities.
The new reforms are to co into effect as
soon as they have received the approval
of trie courts and as soon as the state of
the island will permit.
MBCBST *.x*A<}EMKSTB.
Sharp liffhtino in Which Hrhrls Are
fiai<t to Hire liein Jtenfn.
HAVANA, Cuba, Feb. 5 —Further de
tails of the operations of Colonel Arajno
at Juan Criolla, near Ciego de AviJa, in
the Santa Clara province, have been re
ceived here. The icbels were found in
strong parties and made stout resistance
to the Spanish troops, but were dislodged
from their positions by the use of artillery
and cavalry and bajonet charges.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 6, 1897.
MOTHER GOOSE UP TO DATE
Ding, dong, bell,
Pussy's in the well ;
Who put her in?
Little "Long Green."
NOW FOR COYOTE
SCALP SCANDAL
An Unexpected Sensation
Sprung Before a Senate
Committee.
Bookkeeper McCalvy May Lose
H.s Head for Peculiar
Manipu'ations.
Fu^ilist "V nn» Dv chy" and a Bakers
fhld Attorney Figure as Legis
lative Lobbyists.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. s.— An en
tirely unexpected sensation developed at
the meeting of the Senate Finance Com
mittee to-day in connection with the bill
appropriating $157.000 for the payment of
coyote claims from Kern County, which
involved one of the clerks in the office of
Secretary of State Br?wn, and at the same
time revived the scandal in connection
with these claims that was published in
The Call shortly after the end of the last
session of the Legislature.
It v.as then tout on lact.- obtained from
Governor Bndd how coyote scalps that
were brought into Bakersneld were
manipulated so as to be used over and
over a^-ain to obtain receii ts for them and
so loot the State treasury. Scalps were
brought in and were supposed to be
thrown into a stove and thus destroyed
after the scalp-taker had been given his
receipt. Instead, however, of being cast
into flames there was an arrangement by
which they fell behind a partition back of
the stove and were thus available for re
peaters.
During the present session there have
been two discreet lobbyists on the scene
seeking to gain support for these claims.
One of them is Fred Halstead, a former
pugilist better known as "Young
Dutcby," and an attorney from Bakers
field.
Everything was going along nicely for
them, and there seemed every prospect
that the bill would receive the unanimous
approval of the Finance Committee, when
an apparently casual inquiry started n
line of inquiry that changed the calm
atmosphere of the committee-room into
a storm of serious aspect.
Theu this story #as brought to the
knowledge of the committee: It was
known that the claim was to be brought
before the present Legislature, and a short
time after the session began George A.
McCalvy, bookkeeper in the office of the
Secretary of State, obtained a short leave
of absence and hied himself away to Bak
ersfielJ. He was aware of the nature of
tbe pending coyote-sc»lp claims and
thought he saw a cbancc to turn tbe tide
of affairs in bis favor; but. as events
proved, he misjudged the tide or the
tarn.
As the story is told, he left here happy
and expectant in the prospect of bringing
back not less than $1500, all for his own
profit. We had numerous conferences with
the coyote-bouuty claimants, bnt was un
able to convince them that his services in
their benalf were worth more than $150.
Senator Smith, who is one of the mem
bers of the Finance Committee and who
represents both Kern and San LuisObispo
counties, admitted that he had knowledge
of the state of affairs. He had been in
formed by telegrams of tlie fact that some
one from tbe Secretary of State's oflice
was in Bakersticld trying to negotiate bis
services. He said he knew the name of
tbe individual, but declined at this stage
to disclose his name.
The matter had now a most serious
phase, in view of tbe fact that the ac
cused person was employed in the oflice
of the Secretary of State and that the
latter was a member of tbe State Board of
i £xaminers, which has to pass on all
claims against the State before they are
allowed.
There was strong talking of going into a
thorough investigation of the matter,
summoning witnesses in this city and
from Bakersfield, but after considerable
heated debate it was decided to report in
favor, of the bill appropriating the $287,
--000.
There were nine out of the ten niem
ners comprising the committee present.
Those who voted in favor of the appro
priation are: Linder, Franck, Smith,
Henderson at;d Flint. Those who op
posed it are: Voorhei?, Wolfe. Luch
singer and La Rue. The absentee was
Lanuford.
There promises to be further interesting
developments, and there is a possibility
that the committee 'nay reconsider its
action and hjld ten investigation before
the bill is rpported back to the Senate. It
is admitted that mauy of the coyote
bounty claims are just, but to what ex
tent the fraud made known by the Gov
ernor has been practiced is not possible to
determine.
It is not for a moment suspected that
Secretary of State Brown is implicated
even in the faintest way with McCalvy's
action, and for that reason it is expected
ihat the head of the bookkeeper may be
cut off.
PLAGUE SCARE IN FRANCE.
| The Many Vessels Arriving From India
Cause a Panic at the Port
of Marseilles.
MARSEILLES, France, Feb. s.— Many
j vessels from India arrive at this port and
the ravages from tne plague in that coun
try have created a very lively fear that
some of them will be the means of intro
ducing the disease here.
The most vigorous precautions have
been taken by the authorities to guard
against such an occurrence, but nothing
they have done has s?rvod to allay the
panicky feeling that pervades all classes.
The amhorities have appealed to the
{ government at Paris to support them in
i their endeavors to prevent the disease
I from entering the city, but doubts have
■ been expressed as to whether the central
authorities will give their sanction to
some of the measures taken by ths local
officials through excess of fear.
The steamer Caledonia, bound for Lon
j don, arrived to-day from Bombay, having
on board seventy-seven passengers, a ma
jority of whom intended to travel over
land to England and thus escape thp dis
comfort and loss of time that would be
occasioned by continuing on the Cale
donia. The steamer had a clean bill of
health, but this fact had no weight with
the health officials, who forbade any of
the passengers to land. The appeals of
tlie pnxsengers from this decision were
I many, but the officials were obdurate and
| the passengers will be compelled to pro
ceed by sea to London.
ti ELK ASK Of I'JtISOX BUS.
Tien Anittrie in dtiz'n* in Cuba Are Set
; ;^ 1 at Liberty.
HAVANA, Cuba; Feb. s.— Senora Eya
Adan Rodriguez, wife of a rebel colonel,
who was brought' here yesterday as a
prisoner on the steamer Manuela from
Nuevitas and lodged in the house of
refuge, was released to-day. She is an
American citizen, and at the time of her
arrest, the Government promised that she
would be set at liberty. Upon the rep
resentations made by Consul-General Lee,
she was released from custody.
' Dr. Gaspar Betar.court, who, it was an
nounced yesterday, had been liberated
upon his acquittal* of the charge of aiding
and abetting the rebels, is still under ar
rest and will remain; in prison until cer
tain formalities are complied with. It is
said, however, that he will be released in
a day or two.
The full reforms granted by the home
Government to Cuba are still unknown
here. " What little information the local
pre*3 has on the subject was obtained
from private sources, and consequently
the newspapers have nothing on which to
base their comments. ■ They make some
reference to the matter, and a majority of
them express themselves as favorable to
the schemes so far as they are known to
them. , . - ...
Mrm- Henry Ward, liercher l>tjing.
STAMFOKD, Conk.. Feb. s.— To-night
Mrs. Henry Ward Beecher is reported to
be tailing rapidly, and her attending
physician says that she cannot live more
man a day or two lunger.
Who'll pull her out?
Big John Stout.
Oh what a naughty boy was that
Who tried to drown poor pussy cat.
AMBITION OF A
WOMAN LAWYER
Mrs. Manilla M. Ricker
Will Try to Secure a
Foreign Mission.
Files a Petition With the Presi
dent-Elect to Be Sent as
Minister ti Colcmbia.
This Talented Lady Was the Pioneer
Suffragist in the State of
N.w Hampshire.
BOSTON, Mass., Feb. s.— Mrs. Manilla
M. Ricker, the well-known woman lawyer
and equal rightist of Washington and
Dover, N. H., has filed with .President
elect McKinley a petition for appointment
as Minister to the United States of Colom
bia, which position is now tilled by the
Hon. Luther .McKinney of Manchester,
N. H.
For some time Mrs. Ricker has been
collecting recommendations from influ
ential men. She is the first woman who
has ever aspired in any practical way to
the high position of an Embassador of the
United States. To a reporter to-day she
declared her determination to leave no
stone unturned in her quest for embassa
donal honors.
"I ask for the place," she said, 'Tor I
♦liink the time has come when women
s'coulit be recognized in the diplomatic
service and because I believe I have ability
und strength of character enough to war
runt my appointment.
"If Luther McKinney can nil the posi
tion I am free to remark that I can over
flow it. lam not over-sanguine of getting
tlie appointment, of course, but I am
fjoing to be heard in the matter, and the
world shall know that one woman, at
least, has courage enough to undertake a
line of work hitherto left to the exclusive
prerogative of men."
Mrs. Ricker was admitted to the Su
preme Court of the District of Columbia
in 18S2, standing at the head of her class,
in which there were eighteen men. She
was admitted to practice before the Su
preme Court of the United States at Wash
ington in 1891. She opened the New
Hampihire bar to women in June, 1890.
As to ler political activity, she was the
first woman in the country who tried to
vote. In March, 1870, she went before the
Selectmen of Dover, N. H., and asked to
have her name put on the check-list. She
went to the "polls three days later and
offered ihe straight Republican ticket.
She has done much political work in New
Hampshire, lowa, California and Massa
chusetts. She stumped the west from
lowa to the Pacific Coast for Harrison
during the Harrison campaign.
Mrs. Kicker has done campaign work in
Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz, Lodi and Los
Angeles, California.
y/.i-vv.i risirs UcKislei.
So It It Hope* He nur Tct Content to
Unt'r the Cabinet.
CANTON, Ohio, Feb. s.— Chairman
Mark Hanna spent three hours with Major
McKinley this afternoon, and then, con
trary to original expectations, returned to
Cleveland. Mr. Hanna said there was no
warrant for the report that he had ac
cented the position of Postmaster-General.
His talk with Major McKinley was a very
pleasant one, and it is believed by the
politicians Jiere that Mr. Hanna will ulti
mately yield to the desire of the President
elect to have him in his Cabinet.
There are no fresh developments in the
Ohio Senatorial situation, and Governor
Bushneil, who holds the key to it, re
mains mute respecting his intentions. He
has not said he would not appoint Chair
man Hanna to the Senate of the United
Btatea to succeed John Sherman, and on
the other hand he has given no one the
smallest reason to thitiK. ue would.
Logan C. Murray of Louisville, who was
here to-day, is authority for tbe statement
that General Aleer told him that Colonel
J. J. McCookof New York is a very strong
Cabinet possibility. Tbe impression pre
vails that Colonel McCook, who is a well
known lawyer, may be made Attorney-
General for the reason that hi 3 appoint
ment would not be opposed by either wing
of the Republican party in New York.
Judge Emory Spenr of Georgia is also
talked of as a Cabinet possibility, in case
General Goff of West Virginia does not
accept a portfolio. It is Major McKin
ley's wish to give the portfolio of the In
terior Department to Judce McKenna of
California, and this will probably be done.
J. Addisou Porter of Hartford, Major
McKinley's private secretary, came to
Canton ti is afternooD and will remain
here till Sunday.
Ex- Congressman Bellamy Storer of
Cincinnati, who is an applicant for a for
eign mission, was also a caller.
SOUTH CAROLINA'S VOTE.
There Will He n Prof at When the Home
He/jin* thn Count.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 5 —A Herald
special from Washington says: South
Carolina is preparing to spring a sensa
tion at the counting of the electoral vote
in the House of Representatives next
Wednesday, when the counting of her
vote for Bryan and Sewall will be pro
tested.
.Representative George Washington
Murray, the colored member of the House,
who represents the Charleston district,
has just returned from South Carolina,
where he was in consultation with leading
Republicans.
He is armed with a monster petition
signed by thousands of Republicans p o
testing against the counting of the elec
toral vo:e, asking for an investigation of
the election laws and the State constitu
tion.
The ciaim is made that the election
laws and that the State constitution upon
which they are based are not in accord
ance with the Federal legislation.
While the dispute over the vote of
South Carolina cannot in any way affect
the result, it may give ris» ro cjmplica
tious of a serious nature.
The best authorities agree that the pe
tition cannot be ignored, and the investi
gation of precedents shows that when
such a protest is entered the count must
immediately stop nntil the question is set
tled. In fact, the law expressly antici
pates and provides for such a dilemma.
Nearly all of the South Carolina Con
gressional elections for the next Congress
have been contested on the very grounds
set forth in the petition, so that if the
House should so decide that the protest
against the electoral vote has no founda
tion, it will De a precedent which may
preclude the next Republican House from
seating the Democratic Eepresentatives
and hold the prinia facie certificates of
election.
The debate is th°refore likely to be ex
citing and of an intensely partisan nature
both in the House and Senate.
COXS F£- Ot->K HA L TO PA BIS.
7 he President- Klrct Make* a Diplomatic
Appointment.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., Feb. s.— John
K. Gowdy, chairman of the Republican
State Committee during the last cam
paign, returned from Canton this evening
and announced that he had - been ap
pointed and had accepted the post of
Consul-General to Paris, the place now
held by Samuel E. Morsa of this city. Mr.
Gowdy was one of the original McKinley
men of Indiana. The new Consul-Gen
eral to Paris is a farmer, about 55 years
aid, who was born and raised in Rush
County, this State.'
He was a private soldier during the war
and has been in politics for a number of
years, having served as Sheriff and Audi
tor of his county. He has been chairman
of the Republican State Committee in In
diana since 1890.
City of .igr.i Lost at Sea.
LISBON, En-g., Feb. 5. — The British
steamer Omegs, in passing Peniche, Por
tugal, to-day, signaled that the British
steamer City of Agra, Captain Lyderson,
bound from Liverpool for Calcutta, was
lost at sea, and her captain was on board
the Omega. No mention was made of the
Acra's crew.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
BUTLER WAS
STARTLED
Admits He Knew Preston
and Has a Message
From Him.
TOLD TO THE MURDERED
MAN'S UNCLE.
Declares Hs Has Money of His
Own and Wants None for
Small Favors.
REPORT OF A WOMAN VIC
TIM.
Visitors With Schemes Ssek the
Prisoner's Old Apparel — A
Phonograph "Roast."
Butler has been here but four days, and
yet he is already probably better known
and more talked about than any celebrity
that was over here before him.
Yesterday brought forth its interesting
happenings to the fiend in his cell at the
City Prison. He manifested a desire to
be accommodating — to cater to the morbid
wishes of his curious viaitors, who c.ime,
talked and passed on without let or
hindrance. The freedom permitted visit
ors has occasioned remark. No watch is
kept upon their movements.
Any one is free to and could easily band
the murderer a razor, a pistol, strychnine
or dynamite with which to end his own
existence, along with those about him.
Considering the known desperate char
acter of the prisoner and the almost con
clusive evidence of guilt that must speed
ily suffer the death penalty, these remarks
Irom certain visitors seem not wholly un
called for.
Among the visitors were persons seek
inc commercial gain. Already a man has
offered the police $1000 for permission to
exhibit Butler for one week to the other
thousands of morbidly and hysterically
curious that have not vet had an oppor
tunity to gratify their desire to see and
speak to the Australian murderer.
A shoe-dealer brought Butler a nice pair
of new lace calf shoes and tenderly car
ried away the poor old low-deck shoes
that Butler had worn since leaving New
castle.
Later in the day the old shoes and But
ler's receipt for the new shoes were
prominently displayed in a downtown
sboesiore and attracted a crowd. A hatter
came hoping to exchange a new hat for
Btitlet's little, low, soft black felt that
looks much like an old-fashioned derby,
but the new hat was too large for Butler's
head and the exchange was not made. A
newspaper man asked Butler for his belt,
which Butler asserted he had worn con
stantly for several year and had also used
as a razor strop. Butler would do any
thing to be accommodating.
If the man would get him another to
take its place he might have it and wel
come. Butler trailed complacently when
he saw the exchange. He pot an expen
sive new belt of the stamped leather
pattern.
The hat alone remains of oil Butler's
available original effects, and that Detec
tive Mcllattie avers was Captain Lac
Weller's hat. The yachting cap in which
Butler's unlucky photograph was taken
in Australia he wore up on the voyage
and haa loaned it to Sailor Wilcox only a
few moments before he was captured.
One of the most Interesting uses to
which Butler's notoriety wns pnt yester
day in a business way was the production
of a cylinder fora phonograph. Butler
could not sing. He had no apt recitation
ready to shout into the lunnel, so he read
in a loud, distinct voice his denial of the
Examiner's fake purporting to be a con
lession from him.
The man who owns that cylinder has
something that will probably bring better
pay if the voce of Butler is never heard
to murmur from it a roast of the Exami
ner for "the new journalism" that values
a good fake more than an ordinary fact.
Among the visitors who came for pur
poses of identification was Edward E. El
liot, second engineer of the steame
Monowai, about to sail for Australia. He
had bepn a friend of Captain Loe Weller.
He declared at once that the prisoner
was not Lac Weller.
"How the do you know? There
are sw>> Lee Wellers." said Butler.
Gaffney, a sailors' boarding - house
keeper, called upon Butler and recopnized
him as Richard Ashe, who had staid at
his place on the water front in IS9I, just
after leaving the Star of Russia. The
recognition was mutual. Butler still owes
$18 75 on that boara account, thoueh he
refused to pay it during the few months
subsequent while he was employed as
night watchman in the La Grande Laun
dry, near Thirteenth and Howard streets.
The examination lor identification will
be held Monday, beginning at 10:30
o'clock, before United States Commis
sioner Heacock in the Appraiser's build
ing. It wiil probably be completed that
day. Within two weeks thereafter all the
papers will be here from Washington with
No Other
■
Medicine has such a record of cures as Hood's
Sarsaparilla. No other possesses the curative
powers due to the peculiar combination, pro-
portion and process of
IB Eh yfotti
Sarsaparilla
The best— in fact the One True Blood Purifier.
Hood's PillS cure Liver Ills : easy to take,
i ea»v to operate. 25<l2
the President's "ignature, and on March 4
Butler will depart in charge of the three
Australian officer-.
James Speers, machinist on the United
Staies steamer Adam?, now at Sausalito,
is a brother of the Robert Si>eers whom
L?e Weller attempted to get out on a
prospecting trip. "B')b changed his mind
just in time," said Mr. Sueers last night.
'•He had aa offer to come to California,
and knowing that I was somewhere in the
IT nitod States he drciiied to look me u;>.
Robert an i I c::me from Carrickfergu*,
County Antrim, Ireland, and it wouid
have been a soiry day for all ot' us if the
lad had thared the fate of poor young
Preston."
BUTLER KNEW PRESTON.
Admits to His Uncle tn This City
That He Had a Message From
the Murdered PrcsDec or.
A whole famiiy in this City is mourning
the death of Arthur Preston, the young
man whom Butl r or Ashe is accused of
haying murdered while he was digging
what proved to be his own grave. A
brother, an uncle and aunt and several
cou.sms of the murdered man have resided
in tins City lor a number of years.
John Preston Sr., uncle of the deceased,
has lived in th.s City for nearly twenty*
live year?. He :i a member of the Master
Mariners' Association and for years has
been head n«ger for the Pacific Mail
Steamship Company. '"Shortly after But
ler was arrested," said he yesterday, "I
went out 10 the City Prison to see him. 1
wan ed to see the jewelry and trinkets he
brougut from Ausiralia witu him, but the
chief of detective* was not there and I
have not had a lout at them yet. I was
then shown into Butler's cell ami I asked
h:ru if he had known Arthur Preston.
When he BUS wet ed that he had known
b;m I said : 'For God's sake tell me how
he came by .'.is death ?'
"He asked me. 'Who are you?'
'1 ai.swtred, 'Arthur's uncle.' He gave
a start and s^id, 'I have a messace for you,
but I cannot give it to you now,' and with
that lie g.auced at the policeman who was
Btandine in the cell watching us. Then
he began to talK about other matters, and
do w.iat 1 would I could not get him back
to the subject of Arthur's murder again.
"Arthur's mother is a widow and lives
in Liverpool. One day mother and son
had a tiff and the latter vowed that he
woulii go to Australia and seek his fortune
on the pod fields. He had tome money
of h:s own, and that lie tooK with him.
Being more or less of a sailor he deter
mined to work his way, and siened aboard
the British bark Wiodur, for Sydney,
N. S. W. He made several ventures at the
mines, but just maue expenses, and wnen
he saw the advertisement thai lured him
to his death he was no better off than
when he left home.
"A couple o: months ago we got a letter
from Arthur's motner, and in it she said
he had not written homa sines he sailed
away iv anger, and asking if mv nephew
John had seen or heard anything of him.
Nut one of us knew of his whereabouts,
and the tirst news we got was what ap
peared in the San Francisco pipers tell
ing of his murder in the Australian bush.
"As to the man calling himself Lee
Welter, I never saw him in my life Defore
and never want to see him again. He did
not impress me as beinir a murderer, but
if he shot Arthur in coid b.ood why hang
ine is too good for him."
While talsing about the traeedy the
tears frequently came into Mr. Preston's
eyes, and when ne spoke of the estrange
ment between the murdered man and his
mother there \»as a break in his voice that
w;>s more eioqueut than words.
John Preston Jr., one of the crew of the
PacitiC Mali Company's steamer Colon
and brotiier oi the murdered man, is now
in the United States Marine Hospital.
Just about the time the news of his bruth
or's death was chronicled in the papers of
New South Wales he was beguiled into a
resort on tue water front and druggpd.
His pay for the round trip to Panama was
taken from hini and he was left to sleep
off ti,e effect ol tne drug. "When my
nephew came to himself," said Mr. Pres
ton, "he could not explain anything. He
knew that his money was gone, but could
give no explanation. On the advice of the
doctor of lue ship I bad him removed to
the hospital, but instead of getting bener
he seems to be ge.tirr.; worse. I sent mv
•on out to see his cousin to-lay, but I will
not know his condition until I reach
home-. I intend next week making another
attempt at getting what I can out of Lee
Weiler. as hf calls himself, about Arthur's
life :n Aus:ralia and as to how he came to
h;s death."
"HAVE MONEY OF ME OWN"
Butler's Coin Supposed to Be in an
Australian Bank.
Butler has or had money in the Eng
lish, Scottish and Australian Bank. He
lias unwittingly admitted this from time
to time in a number of casual and dis
connected remarks.
He arrived here with only two gold
sovereigns in his possession, and without
another cent, either in that Gladstone
bag or in the pockets of his clothes. Each
of his supposed victims was known to
have had money wben he went out with
Butler on a prospecting trip. One of
thtm, it is claimed, took along $2000
They hardly went far enough to spend
much money in travel.
Butler evidently spent little money on
ciothey. Most otthose found with him
had belonged to Frank B. Harwood, tiie
mining expert, to Captain Lee M. Weller,
\o Dickson, r.r to some ottier person. Ap
parently he had no expensive tastes. s
He is not known tv have hail a single
chum or irieod who might have helped
him to spend the ill-gotten coin. He was
always seen alone, except when with his
intended victims. The series of murders
was committed within too short a period,
it would seem, for the profits to have been
consumed by board bills. And during the
latter part of his stay in Sydney, he iived
at the Sailors' Home, wrere expenses were
moderate. When he ventured to New
castle, he also chose the Sailors' Home as
his boarding piece, and he stayed there
nine clays before leaving in the Swanhilda.
The question has naturally arisen, What
has become of lhe money that i>e must
have cot at the time and irom the sources
he obtained the clothing, jewelry and other
effects?
A bankbook, only a few leaves of which
had been torn out, was found among his
things. At the time of the examination
it wns supposed to have belonged to Mrs.
C O'Connor of Aibnry — Cons. able Con
roy's married sister — for her name and
complete address were written inside the
cover. After the report of the examina
tion was published in The Call iiutler
lor ot all his manifest aiiuses he is now
best known here and in Australia by this
name — in the course of a long, rambling
con venation with a Call reporter, re
senteii the printed inference that he had
stolen the bankbook from Mrs. O'Connor
at Albury aiter obtaining her address from
Conroy in Sydney.
The nnme and address had been written
by the waitress he Knew in Sydney and
to whom he afterward gave the pooto
:-raph that resulted in his being traced.
Tuat wai one day in August, some time
before t lie epoch of murder. He was talk
ing with the young woman. He Had no
card* about him. Takir.s out his bank
book he let the pni write ihe name and
address of Mr.?. O'Connor, whom she
knew as a resident of Albury, where, ac
coidlnc to Conroy, But!er i retended to
own a cold mine. lor which he had been
offered £3000. Conroy has lecotjnized ihe
p:r!'s handwriting in the name and ad
dress written in pencii.
On the outside of thp bankbook ap
peared ihe name L*e Welier, but not in
Lee Welter's handwriting. Butler has re
marked that he wrote that name there,
intending to leave the checkbook with the
captain of the Swunhilda for sa;e-keeping
during the voyage to San Francisco.
Again and ug;iin, Butler has remarked
that be has money of iiis own. He dis
claims any desire to profit by the morbid
Events of the Day In and Just Outside the Steel Cage in Which the Man Charged With Several Murders Is Confined.
souvenir-seehers who would pay for his
autograph. Yesterday lie willingly fur
nished about forty autographs. He would
not attempt to make a bargain for money,
though several opportunities were offered
him. He preferred to be accommodating
when it was merely a favor the person
asked.
"I have money of me own." he sail.
"I wouldn't take anything to do a man a
little favor like that."
In what town that money is, or in what
name It is deposited, is a mystery. The
English, Scottish and Australian Bank on
which lie had a checkbook has headquar
ters in Melbourne, colony of Victoria, and
in Sydney, and it has branches all over
Australia.
IS SHE ANOTHER VICTIM?
An Australian Paper Intimates That
Butler W?3 the Murderer of
a Mrs. McCarthy.
The Australian Star of the 13th ult.
would swell the list of Butl<sr's victims by
the addition of a woman's name. The
Star says:
Another murder has been associated
wi;h the name of Butler. Tha news of
this one comes from Canadian Gully, near
Baliarat, Victoria. The police have been
informed that shortly after the murder of
Mrs. McCarthy at ihat place a few months
ago a man answering the description of
Butler suddenly disappeared. Detectives
have shown a photograph of Butier to two
women living in the township, and they
are positive that he was the man who was
living at Canadian Gully at that particu
lar time.
MRS. WELLER'S DEATH.
Detective McHattie Was on That
Case and Knew th •
Husband.
Detective McHattie of Newcastle is
doubly connected with the Butler case —
as sleuth and as valuable witness. He
knew Butler by sight in Newcastle and
he knew Captain Lee Weller quite well.
During a piece of detective work he did
at the time of the sudden and ratber sus
picious death of Mrs. Lee Weller aboard
the ship South Esk in Newcastle last
March, McHattie had an opportunity not
only to see a good deal of Captain Weller,
but of all the wife's effects.
The story of the dpatli nearly a year
ago of Mrs. Lee Weller, whom the
Examiner styles the "widow" of Captain
Weiierf thoueh Weller survived hs wife
about seven months, is an intf-restinc in
cident in the history ot the crime? with
wiiich Butler is primarily associated.
Lee Weller and his w:fs went to New
castle fiom Cape Town, South Africa, last
March as passengers in the ship South
Esk. Weller left his wife aboard ship
while he took a trip down to Sydney,
about 104 miles distant from Newcastle.
He went for a short visi: to an old friend
of his, a reporter on the Sydney Weekly
Bulletin, who, as events proved, was latar
to figure very prominently in the Butler
case, for it was by the newspaper man
that the attention of the police was first
called lo Weller's disappearance,
Mrs. Lee Weller was a very attractive
woman. The captain of the South Esk
was believed to be in love with ner. They
were often seen together in Newcastle.
One evening this captain returned to bis
sbip at 8 o'clock and found Mrs. Lee We'
lerdead. When be had gone ashore at 6
o'clock that evening she was alive and
well.
The police were suspicious. Detective
McHaltie, the foremost man of bis pro
lession at Newcastle, wai pnt on the case.
An inquest was ordered, but it showed
nothing. The Coroner's jury brought in
a verdici of huari iailure.
From his work on that case, Detective
AlcHattie became familiar with all the
thines that had been in Mrs. Lee Weller's
cabin. Among Butler's effects he recog
nizet many things that he then examine 1.
The Gladstone bag. the piaid blanket
sxiawl, much of the jewelry, ar.d some of
the photographs that Butler brought hero
McHattie immediately recognized as Mrs.
Lee Weller's, or Captain Lee Weller's. The
plain gold bracelet was a present from the
captain of the Boutn Eilc to Mrs. Lee
Wellerand had been bought in Newcastle.
Ttie photograph of a man with a full short
dark beard is that of the captain of the
South Esk. He had given it to Mrs. Wel
ler.
McHattie's particular duty at Newcas
tle is to watch for absconders from Syd
ney, who come to the coal port to lake
passage in some of the coalships. He is
on the lookout for new arrivals that go
down to the ships. It was in this way
that he took notice of Butler before lie
sailed, and long before he suspected him
of any crime.
That Butler felt that he was hunted
after he suddenly ieft Sydney is evident.
It was a woman's shrewd observation that
friehtened him out of Sydney.
Mr. and Mrs. Sharp, who had a fruit
otore In Sydney, replied to Butler's adver
tisement, but Sharp could not make sat
isfactory arrangements for a prospecting
tour. So he inserted an unsigned adver
tisement himself the next day calling for
a partner to go prospecting.* Builer an
wittingly an: we red th» advertisement in
Derson, d»clar:ng then that his name was
Frank Hurwood. Mis. Sharp insisted
thai she could not be deceived, and s"he
toid Butier that she would not be sur
prised if he were th»» man that went off
with Captain Lee Weller. No in orders
had yet been even suspected.
Butler left. He showed up a few days
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1897.
later at the Sailors' Home in Newcastle.
The third ni.-ht that he was there young
Booth, the landlady's son. was returning
me at 1 o'clock at night, and as lie
passed along the porch to his room he
noticed a light in one of the windows.
Just as he arrived opposite the window a
pistol was thrust toward his hoad. It
was Butler's room and Butler l.i Id the
pistol. As soon as he recognized voting
Booth he withdrew the pis;o'. j Butler
had evidently been expr>ctine arrest. That
was the night of November 19. The Swan
hilda sailed four days later.
Word has come to Detective McHattie
from Victoria, B. C, saying that Captain
Lee Weller was well known there, and
that Mrs. Lee Weller was supposed to be
wealthy.
♦
WAS NONCOMMUNICATIVE.
Captain Fraser Falls to Get Any
Information From the Blue
Hill** Murderer.
Captain Fraser of the Swanhilda called
on Murderer Butler last evening and took
him out of his cell for a talk in the cor
ridor. The man who still masquerades as
Lee Weller was cool and collected whiie
seated between the master mariner aud a
friend, and discussed matters aboard the
shin as though he was still on board.
He admitted that he knew that the rap
lain had been warned of his presenco on
board, but said that he knew no renson
why he should have tried to escape, inas
much as he was confident of proving his
innocence of any charges of murder that
micrht be brought against him.
"I wouldn't mind going back in the
ship," he said to Captain Fraser aa the
master of the vessel shook his hand at
partinc, "but I suppose there is no
chance."
Dutler ate his dinner with evident relish
aftf-r lie had been locked up apain, and
remarked that he hoi ed to be soon at
liberty.
VAMOOSES CRAZY CAPTAIN.
Drives a Dozen Men Into the Bay With a
Rifle and Brutally Beats a Brother
Skipper.
NEW YORK. N. V , Feb. 5.— A Herald
special from Miami, Fia., says: Captain
Mclntosh of the yacht Vamoose We.nc-
day forced a dozen men to leap into the
bay at the muzzle of a rifle, and probably
intally injured Captain Denny of the
steam launch Ozone.
Dennv took out a pany in the Ozone for
a trip on the bay. Captain Mclntosh and
Chapman, a friend, being of the number.
Mclntosh had a demijohn of whisky and
began drinking heavily. Finally he seized
a rifl» and threatened to kill every man on
the launch. The Ozone was not far iro>m
shore and the passengers leaned into the
water and safely reached the beach, leav
ing only Denny, Mclntosh and Chnpman
in ;he launch. Mclntosh then beat Denny
until the latter wai unconscious.
When Denny recovered he found th«
launch lar out in the bay and the mad mv
standing over him with a rin>. Denny,
in fear of his life, jumped overboard and
attempted to swim tiahore. Mclntosti
jumped into a rowboat whic i the launch
had in tow and pulled Denny into it, and
then compelled him at the rifle's point to
row him and Chapman up the river to the
Vamoose.
During the trio Mclntosh rapped Den
ny's knuckles with tue ritie, breaking
every finger. Denny howled in agony, but
the captp.i'i continued to rap the mangled
fingers. Denny's face is crushed and lie
is probably fatally hurt. After reaching
the Vamoose Mclntoah barricaded him-
Mlt, but a posse stormed the boat Wednes
day night and arrested him. The feeling
against Mclutosh is so bitter that lynch
ing is feared.
llll\A* HOOK ISJUXCTJOX.
Restraining Orders Jxsued Against
' r '- I'ublinhi.ng Companies.
CHICAGO, 111., Feb. s— The "Bryan
Book" injunction was disposed of by
Jud^e Horton in favor of W. B. Con key,
and the court issued a restraining order
against the Habbard Publishing Company
and the Dominion Publishing Company
preventing them from publishing any
book which would tend to s bow by its an
pearance that the author of it is William
Jennings Bryan, or cenveying that im
pression.
• The court held that the manner in
which the defendants had prepared the
title-page of the "Great Battle for Pr*e
Silver" tended to deceive the public into
believing that Mr. Bryan was the author
of the work.
Si MS. AJiIGAJL GATES' KSIJLTE.
Will of the Vnleland Lady Admitted, lo
I'robtiie in Chicago.
CHICAGO, 111.. Feb 5.-Jud K e Kohl
saat admitted yesterday to probate the
will of Mrs. Abigail Gates, who died at
Oakland, Cal., January 26. Her estate is
valund at $100,000, all of which is in per
sonal property, with the exception of
$1000. Mrs. Gates loaves her personal
ornaments and keepsakes to friends and
relatives.
A b quest of $500 is made to the Chare h
of the Redeemer (Universalist). The rest
of ncr estate is divided between three
sons, a granudaughter and a daughter-in
law.
MRS. DIMOND IS
ON THE WARPATH
Her Unexpscted Return to
Honolulu Causes a
Sensation.
Storms and Captures the Family
Residence :n D fiance of
ao Injunction
Secures Temporary Alimony of $25
per Week and $250 for
Counsel F.es
HONOLULU, Hawaii, Jan. 29.— Mrs.
Carrie H. Dimond returned to Honolulu
on the Coptic to the very great surprise of
people here. Her husband went oul on
the tug with £ 1 Macfarlane! to meet the
Gillig party, and oue of the first to con
front him on the deck of the Coptic was
his wife. There was no scene, as mutual
friends interfered. On reaching the
wharf Mr. Dimond at once drove to the
office of his attorneys, Kinney <fc Ballou.
A petition for a temporary injunction re
straining Mrs. Dimond from entering his
home or taking the only chiid was pre
sented to Circuit Judsre Carter in cham
bers shor.iy afterward. The petition was
as follows:
Now comes the libellant, W. W. Dimond, in
the above entitled cause, and moves this court
that an injunction issue forthwith restraining
the libellee, Mrs. W. W. Dimond, in said case
from entering or attempting to cater the
home o; the libellant at Waiklfci, or from in
terfering with or molesting the person of Lucy
M. Diniond, child of libellant and libe.lee,
until furtner order of this court. This motion
is base 1 upon the record and upon the affi
davit of William W. Dimond, hereto attached
and made a part hereof.
Mr. Dimond asserted in his petition
that Mrs. Dimond voluntarily left his
house, and furiher that the premises were
leased in bis own name from the Bishop
estate- Judge Carter immediately issued
the following order:
Xow, therefore, you and every one of you
are strictly unjoined under the pain and pen
alty of being in contempt of court from enter
ing or atternp ting tb enter the house or prem
ises of W. W. Diniond at Waikiki, aud iroia in
terfering with or molesting tae person of Lucy
M. Dimond until further order of this court.
Hereof fail not at your peril.
The papers were placed in the hands of
Marshal Brown, 'jut before he could serve
them Mrs. Dimond bad already gained an
entrance into the Dimond home. The
place bad been locked and bolted, but Mr-t.
Dimond forced her way in.
All that night there was considerable
excitement in the Dimond household,
neither Mr nor Mrs. Dimond retiring.
The attorneys of both parlies, Messrs.
Thurston & Stanley for Mrs. Dimond,
Kimey & Balluu for Mr. Diamond, and
Mr. Paul Neumann, Marshal Brown, Mr.
Muore, Ned Macfarlane and others were
also congregated at the house until mid
night.
The following moruing on the advice of
her atto rneys, Mrs. Dimond took rooms
at the Arlington Hotel, where she now is.
Early on Monday morning she was served
with an order to appear before Judge Car
ter for contempt, for disobeying the order
made above in remaining In the house on
Saturday night.
The case is being bitterly fought by both
parties. Her attorneys have already sc
oured an order from Judge Garter allow
rng her $25 per week temporary alimony,
and $250 attorneys' fees.
It i> generally understood here that if a
suitable settlement of the property, ali
mony and the custody of the child in her
favor can be arranged Mr?. Dimond will
not object to the divorce; but if such set
tlement cannot be reac led that she wiil
fight the case to the bitter end and tell all
■he knows.
It is common talk that her threatened
revelations would involve many other bo
c-.etv people ana create a bin scandal in
Honolulu society, and those interested ar*
making strenuous efforts to effect a settle
ment between the principals. None has
been effected yet, and the motion to ad
judge Mrs. Dimond puilty of contempt
was partly heard in court this morning,
but went over till 10-morrow.
Colonel McLean, for two years in com
ma w. °. f ™ c milit ary forces of the Re
public of Hawaii, has resigned on account
of disagreement with the officers under
him.
Two leaders of the Rojalist party have
come out publicly in support of annexa
tion. They are C G. Hopkins and J. Lot
Kaulukou. Both are half whites an«J each
occupied the high position for several
yars of Marshal under K.nlakuuß. Kuu'.u
kou alleges thai the mo-t violent Royal
ists now concede that the restoration of
monarchy is utterly hopeless. Itjs, there
fore, obviously the interest of Hawatians
to seek the guarantees of their rights and
franchises which the American constitu
tion will give them and so escape the dan
gers of independence.
Kuuiukou gives it as his conj«ctnre that
the ex-Queen has gone E;>st in order to be
on hand, in case of annexation, to urge
her claim on the United States Govern
ment for indemnity on account of her
being deprived oi the income of thecrown
Jar.ds — mow than $llw,oo0 — which she
claims to have resulted from the unlawful
interference of the United States officials,
Sit-vens and Wiitse.
Ex-Envoy Lonn A. Thurstor. is to
leave for the Unitea States ».er Alameda
on February 4, to be absent three months
on private ousine^c. He has no commis
sion from the public body, but may put
In some work for annexation on his own
account.
C. Augustus Spreckels, part owner of
t: c mammoth Sureckel-ville plantation,
announces himself recently converted to
the annexation cause, solely on business
grounds as a planter. He is satislied that
the j,. hunts can do well without contract
labor. He denounces the su.ar trust as
the chief enemy of annexation.
On the 26th there were cremated by
order of the Legislature postage stamps
of over $100,000 lace value, chioflv of the
later issues of the monarchy. Over $40,000
of these had been sold during the previous
six months.
THE SUGAR-COFFEE WAR.
Sugar Kings Execute a Flank Movement
on the Arbuckies by Incorporating
an Oppos/ton Company.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. s. —The Herald
says: The latest development in the
sugar-coffee war now waging between the
su^ar trust and the firm of Arbuckie
Bros, wa^ the execution of a flank move
ment by the sugar people.
In Trenton, N. J., yesterday the Ameri
can Coffee Company was incorporated
with a capital stock of $100,000. Tue in
corators are: Henry O. Havemeyer, John
E. Searie?, Johu E. Parsons and Theodore
A. Havemeyer.
The new phase in the war reached Wall
street late yesterday. A lively discussion
ensued as to a possible luture" movement
by the Arbuckies. Tne latter thus lar, if
not havniL' a de'cideJ advantage in the
contest, have rendered it a drawn battle
through their exceedingly shrewd pur
chase of the minority stock of the Wool
son fcpice Company of Toledo, second
only in size to the Arbuckie plant among
the coffee-roasting establishments in the
country.
The move is considered one of the
shrewdest bits of business of the genera
tion, for though they could not control
the plant, it enabled the Arbuckies to ap
ply for a receivership for the company,
and testimony on this application is now
bemsr taken in Toledo.
It was said if the sugar trust lost the
case in Toledo it would turn some of its
dismantled refineries in Brooklyn into
coffee-roasting plants, and the incorpora
tion of the company in Trenton yesterday
was by some per.~ons taken as foreshadow
ing the belief of tne sugar people that the
case would go against them. Other opin
ions were in effect that the sugar people
had secured the incorporation of the
American Company in Trenton with the
view of forming an immense roasted -coffee
trust, in which, after some fighting, the
Arbuckies, the Woolsons and the new
company would monopolize the trade and
drive out ail small competitors.
TVTO MORE liA.MLS COLLAPSB.
Th« Cashier of One of lhein la Said to
Be Short.
GREAT FALLS, Most., Feb. s.— The
Northwestern National Bank of this city
failed to open its d jors to-iay. The fail
ure is due to an alleged shortage of the
cashier, B. D. Hatcher. Tne ban* has a
capital of $250,000 and a surplus of $45,000.
An unofficial statement gives the assets aa
$760,000 and liabilities s7oo,ooo. Thedirec
tora discovered that CasUier Hatcher had
drawn $180,000 lrom its Boston corre
spondent, tue Globe National Bank, ana
used it in the purchase of bank stock
formerly owned by Conrad Brothers. The
bank officials knew of the purchase of the
stock, out were told by Hatcher that the
money was being furnished by Boston
people for whom he was making tbe pur
chase. Cashier Hatcher is at his home in
this city, but declines to tee any oiie. He
is said to be ill and has nothing to say.
FRANKLIN, Ohio, Feb. s.— The direc
tors of the First National Bank held a
meeting last night uud decided to close tbe
bank's affairs. When the bank did not
open tiiis morning there was considerable
of a flurry. There is a promise to pay in
full. The Comptroller has been tele
graphed to take charge of he bank, which
was capitalized for $100,000.
Bucket- Shopping a Heriou* Off/nae.
NEW YORK, N. V.. Feb. s.— Edsar D.
Thornburg, a stock broker ai 100 Broad
way, was expelled from the Consolidated
Stock and Petroleum Exchange by tbe
board of directors to-day for "Bucket
shopping."
THURSTON FOR
A COMPROMISE
His Plan for Settling the
Debt of the Union
Pacific.
Says the Government Can Get
at Least $29,000,000 Net for
Its Claim.
Senators Allen ani C ffery Oppo?e
the Canal Bill— E nney of Dela
ware Sworn In.
"WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. s.— During
the routine business of the Seriate to-day
Grey (D.) of Delaware presented the cre
dentials of Richard R. Kenney as Senator
elect from the State of Delaware, the cre
dentials being in due form and being
signed by the Governor and Secretary of
State of Delaware.
Chandler took occasion to say that
while he should not object to Kenney
being sworn in, he believed Dupont
should fill the vacant seat, and that the
matter would doubtless be brought before
the Senate in due time in a contest of
Kenney'a right to a seat.
Escorted by Grey, Kenney then ap
peaied before the Vice-President and took
the oath of office.
An effort was made by Morrill (R.) of
Vermont to have the Hou-e bill taken up
prohibiting the sale of intoxicating iiquors
in the Capitol, and Thurston (R.) of Ne
braska, who had the floor on Allen's Pa
cific Railroad resolution, consented to
yield it in order to accommodate Morrill,
but assurance was given by Hill (D.) of
New York that a vote on the bill could
not be reached in the morning hour.
Thereupon Allen's resolutions were
tak n up and Thurston proceeded with his
argument against his colleague's resolu
tion and in favor of a compromise arrange
ment by which the Government would re
ceive from the Union Pacific Company at
least $29,000,000 nei for its cl&im against
the road. Discussing the claim Thurston
stated that on 1040 miles of road, from
Omaha to Ogdeu, the Government would
nave to pay over $27,000,000 in cash to ex
tinguish the first mortgage, and would
rlso have to forego the receipt of the
$29,000,000 net offered for its claim against
the company.
That would make $56,000,000 which it
would cost the Government for that line
ot roaJ, to say nothing of the $1,000,000
unpaid bonds on the Omaha bridge and
some $2,000,000 of equipment bonds. As
to the 3.000,000 acrss of undisposed lands
which would revert to the Government, he
stated that they could not be sold at 50
cents an acre. He had not c .included his
argument when the morning hour expired,
and said he would continue it to-morrow.
The Nicaraguan Canal bill was laid be
fore the Senate as the unfinished business.
Thereupon a motion was made by Daniel
(D.) of Virginia to take up the bankruptcy
bill, thus displacing the Nicaragua canal
bill. A few minutes afterward, however,
the motion was withdrawn by Daniel, who
said there was a disposition to take up the
bankruptcy bill later on.
Allen (P.) of Nebraska opposed the
canal Dill, declaring that that "colossal
undertaking" would cost at least $300,000,
--000. Me would not vote for the issue of
bonds for anything. The country had be
come bond crazy and was bond weary, and
Congress would have to retrace its steps
speedily if it would not engulf the coun
try in lasting ruin and bring the people to
a condition of perpetual poverty.
Caffery (D.) of Louisiana opposed the
bill. He thought the protest of Mr. Rod
riguez, the Minister Plenipotentiary of the
Greater Republic of Central America,
should be treated with proper respect, but
instead of that the Senate was consider
ing a bill which affected vitally the in
terests of Nicaragua as if no such protest
had been made.
Caffery aid not finish his speech, but
yielded tne floor to allow private pension
bills on the calendar to be passed. There
were iorty-eight of them and they were
ail passed in thirty-five minutes, includ
ing the following: Granting pensions of
$50 a month to the widows of General
Samuel A. Rice, General William A.
Nichois and Captain Law of the navy; of
$30 to the widow of Colonel Ely b. Parker;
ol $40 to the widow of Major Turtle, and
$50 to General James McMillin.
The session lasted uutil6 o'clock, during
which several bills WW passed, merely of
local interest, aud the Senate adjouraed
until to-morrow.
IIOVSL 2'IiOCUh.VISGS.
Contested Election Case* and Mention
BUI* Paused Upon. \
WASHINGTON, D.C., Feb. s.— ln the!
House to-day, Johnson (K.) of Indiana!
presented the unanimous report of Elec
tions Committee No. 2 upon the contest
of Alexander Benoit V 3. Charles J. Boat
ner. from the Fifth Di-.trict of Louisiana,
fin favor of Mr. Boatner. Upon a content
or the seat subject to the election in 1894
the seat wa3 declared vacant ry trie
House and a special election held to fill
the vacancy. Benoit again contested, and
the committee finds that ho had no case.
Daniels (R.) of New York presented the
report of Elections Committee No. 1 upon
the contest of N. T. Hopkins auairist Jo
seph M. Kendall from the Tenth D strict
of Kentucky in favor of Kendall. Koyse
(R.) of Indiana and Liimey (R.) of North
Carolina dissented from. the conclusion of
the majority.
The House then entered upon the con
sideration of private pen-ion bills, which
have been acted upon by the committee of
the whole. A bill" was passed granting a
pension of $30 a month to the widow of
the late Majjr-Generai Erastus B.Tyler.
A message from the President was re
ceived transmitting the final report of the
president of the Board of Commissioners
of the World's Fair, the material of which
filled five large boxes. It was referred to
the Committee on Appropriations.
The conference report on the Military
Academy bill was presented and agreed
to. It reduces by $15,000 the total amount
of the bill as it passed t. c Senate and in
creases the House total by $5000.
The report from Committee on Elec
tions No. 2 upon the contest of Taylor
Beattie against Andrew Price from the
Third Louisiana District in favor of Price,
the sitting member, was presented.
Johnson (K.) of Indiana and Long (R ) of
Kansas dissented and recommended that
the House declare the seat vacant.
A bill was passed granting a pension of
$12 a month to Amanda M. Way, now a
resident of California, who in the years I
following the war was a prominent tern- '
perance and female-suffrage worker in In- >
diane. Her services were those of volun
teer army nurse.
A bill was also passed granting a pen
sion of $50 a month to Hans Johnson,
Twenty-seventh lowa Volunteers.
When the Senate bill to pension the
widow of the Jaie General and Governor
\V. H. Stoneman of California had been
passed, with an amendment reducing the
rate from $50 to $30 a month, Load (R.) of
California called attention to the di>-
crepancy between the terms of that bill
and those of others pensioning widows of
brigadier-generals.
"General Stoneman," he said, "was no
ordinary general commanding a brigade,
but served with great distinction in charge
of important separate commands in the
Army of the Potomac, and later in the
West. I trust that when the bill gets into
conference ihe members of the Committee
on Pensions will see that the same meas
ure of justice is meted out to Mrs. Stone
man that the committee has accorded to
the widows of other general officers, many
of whom we never heard of before. To be
cure, General Stoneman was a Democratic
Governor of my State, but I hope that no
political bias has influenced the action of
the committee."
Thomas (R.) of Michigan, acting chair
man of tbo Committee on Invalid Pen
sions, said he approved every word the
gentleman from California had uttered.
Sixty-one bills were disposed of, when
th» House took tho usual Friday recess
until 8 p. m.
On motion of Loudenslager of New Jer
sey the House at to-night's session
adopted a resolution that private pension
bills -hall be considered only when their
authors were present and responded to
their names. The purpose of the resolu
tion was to insure the attendance of mem-
bers having bills on the calendar, orcause
Biich bills to lose their legislative right of
w«y. Only three bills under the order
were passeu over, and when the House
adjourned at 10:30 twenty-three bills had
been considered and laid aside with a fa
vorable recommendation.
FILL ESJOIHffIT
Did you ever accept |
I half a dollar from a ||¥
man when he squarely I
and fairly should have |
given you a dollar ? If |j
he owes you money h
Lyou find a way to com- 1 ■
pel him to pay it. Yet 1 J§
you owe a duty to your- g **•
self that you don't even H
recognize. Not being h
Lable to get half the H
pleasure out of life II Ji
that you were intended y J.
to have, and which §
most surely is ||
v YOURS BY RIGHT, Ifl
li- IS
Every time you have M
those bad dreams, those B
- fainting spells, those I
[V cold sweats, those hard I A
11 headaches, those nerv- I]\
ous and "all-gone" 1
feelings — one says |
for itself, "Here is a | i
Jman that only gets half I rjVr
the pleasure in life that II
is due him." Whose 1 *
fault is it now ? It is I
your own Ever since I
«the great discovery of I «■
Hudyan — perfectly 1 I
harmless and yet; an I 1
all-powerful remedy for ;
all classes of weakness !
and nervous debility i
Tyou have had no excuse ! CJ
\ for not being a whole ;jj
man, and a man who |
is able to enjoy all the |
gifts of nature. If you |
« don't already know all Iti
about Hudyan and you | By
■"* suffer, write to or call 1 •■•
on the doctors of their
: : - great Hudson Medical g
_ Institute at the corner j _
If Institute at the corner | J
of Market, Stockton and
Ei Ellis streets, and they \ |
will give you, free of |
charge, scores and hun- j
dreds ,of testimonials
1] about the greatest of all
J I all remedies. Never. |h,
mind how ill you are, 1 I
they will cure you sure. 1 J
THAT SATISFIES!BLAME ALL,
THEY SAY
Report of Investigators on
the Temporary Roll
Scandal.
RAID ON THE FUNDS OF
THE STATE.
Assemblymen and Chief Clerk
Duckworth Censured for
Their Conduct.
ILLEGAL MILEAGE ALLOWED BY
THE COMMITTEE.
Judge Waymire Fresents an Individ,
ua! Report to Dismiss Duck
worth at Once.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. s.—Assem
blyman Way mire, chairman of the special
investigatinc committee, presented the
following report:
Mr. Speaker: The special committee ap
pointed to investigate the temporary organi
zation ol the Assembly have performed that
duty, and herewith submit their report. The
amended resolution authorizing the investl
gntion is as follows:
WHEBEAS, Charges of ft serious nature have
been made relative to frauds said to have been
practiced during the temporary organization
oi thi» Assembly: and
WHEBKAS, The Chief Clerk of the Assembly,
S. 1». Duckworth, i« chaiged with complicity
therein, and lie denies said charges; there
fore be ii
Ruolttd. That a special committee of seven
be named by the Speaker of this Assembly to
investicate all of saii eharces re.ative to the
organization of this House and to report its
findings to this House. Said committee shall
have lull power to subpena witnesses, admin
ister oaths, take testimony and such other
powers as shall be necessary for the full per
loriuancv oi their duties
Under this resolution the power of the com
mittee is restricted to reporting its findings.
This we understand Includes the power to ex
press an opinion, but does not include the
power to make recommendations.
The resolution was adopted January "6,
1-v»7,a.nd the committee began its work the
same day. Mr. Chyuoweth of tne Assembly has
kindly attended all our sessions and given
valuable assistance in tne examination of wit
nesses. Mr. Duckworth was represented by
counsel and the committee has heard the te-iti
mony oi all witnesses whose presence was
deemed important. The reporter's transcript
of the testimony and the exhibits are sub
mitted herewith and is referred to for in
formation as to details.
The only statute concerning the attaches
who must be present at the organization of the
Assembly is sec Tien 237 of the Political Code,
which is as follows:
"The secretary of the Senate, the minute
clerk and serge&nt-at-arms of each House for
any session must at the next succeeding ses
sion of the body perform the duties of their
offices until their successors are elected and
qualified."
Ii is evidently tne intention of this law that
oniy the chief clerk of the Assembly, the min
ute clerk and the sergeant-at-arms of the As
sembly should hold over lrom one session to
another. They are required to attend and are
therefore entitled to mileage. No other at
taches have - any claim to mileage. it is also
clour thai the law contemplate* that these of
ficers snorld ordinarly be sufficient to organ
ize tne Assembly.
It does not. however, expressly prohibit the
employment of other attaches, and it has been
the custom of the Assembly for many years to
employ additional help. The number so em
ployed has increased each session until the
rolls for lsft)3 show a total of twenty-eight and
those of 13i)5 show forty-nine. A careful in
quiry as to the actual work to be done at the
organization of tne Assembly convinces us
that the following would be ah ample force:
A chief clerk, chap tain, minute clerk, sergeant
at-arms, one assistant sergeant-at-arms, post
mistress, mail-carrier, three iraiekeepers and
five pages— fifteen in all. Their total per diem
should not exceed .*74.
We find that at the organization of the pres
ent Assembly the chief clerk appointed at
tacnesas follows:
Assistant clerks 10 Assistant minute
Assi.rauit sergeant-at- j clerks 6
arms ti Clerk 10 sergeant-at-
Journ*l clerk 1 arms 1
Assistant journal • Engrossing . clerk... 1
clerks 4 Assistant engross- 0*
Enrolling clerk 1. Ing clerks 6
A-s;«;a:it enrolling Postmistress 1
clerks 5' Assistant postmis-
Historycierk 1 tress. 1
.Assistant history ; Porters 17
clerk* 3 Bookkeeper to ser-
Blil clerks 6 geum-at-arms 1
.File clerks 6 Chaplain 1
-Mall-carrier 3 Janltrss 1
Doorkeepers 6 Watchmen 6
Pases — 12 Elevator attendants. '£
Messenger to Mate ; Klectrlclan 1
Printer...! 1 Gatekeepers. 2
Position not ilfsie-
naieri (fella Bate- Total 112
man) 1
The total amount allowed for per diem was
$3901 30 and for mileage other than to statu
tory officers #4265 10. As ready stated, we
rind that fifteen attache^ — twelve in addition
to the three statutory officers — would have
been ample and the aggregate of the per diem
that should have been allowed at this session
is $74. This includes the $24 per diem to the
chief clerk, serjeant-at-arms and minute clerk.
For the necessary additional attaches $50 was
sufficient and all that should have been paid.
We find, therefore, that $4215 10 has been
pail out in excess of the sum actually neces
sary.
None of the attaches should be paid for more
time than they serve. It has been a custom to
allow per diem for an entire week on the plea
that the attaches come to the Capitol at a sac
rifice of time which makes It proper. There is '<
no justice in this claim. The statute only re- |
. quires inree officers to attend and there is mi- j
hcicnt compensation 10 them for the time oc
cupied in coming and going in the mileage
allowed by law, which exceeds the actual trav
eling expenses. Tne other attaches are not re
quired to attend and if they do so voluntarily
iney nave no right to ask pay for extra time.
As a matter of fact, they usually come to seek
re-employment.
in this connection we must say that the
Committee on Mileage, in our opinion, was
grossly negligent, not only in recording
mileage but also in recommending the pay
ment of a full week's pay to all the attaches.
It whs its duty to diligently inquire into all
the fact.-, a« iis report wai« designed to guide
the Assembly. Had it mude proper inquiry of
any experienced member it would have at once
discovered the illegality of the surplus ap
pointments, and would have prevented the
evil consequences resulting.
We feel it our duly also to say that all the
members of tne Assembly who votci for the
adoption of the report of that committee are
censurable for their negligence. Had they
given the matter the proper attention they
would have learned that the report was wrong,
and that the payments recommended were
without any justification whatever in bo far as
• the exces-iv(r appointments were concerned.
It is apparent that those who had previously
served in the legislature are more to blame
tiian those who were just entering upon their
first experience. The testimony shows that a
portion of the attaches were appointed with
the know led cc and at the request of the mem
ben, a* follows:
Frank Burnett by Leavitt.
J.L. Oliver by Wright.
H. A. Jackson and I. £rb by Kelly.
Ken Mflrtin by CaminL'ttl.
James Devitt, M. Arouson, J. Wintringer and
C. Ewlng by Henry.
i. C. Cross (at request of Cross) by Vosburj;.
James Bowen anil S. H. Wilson by Breiliug.
l>onald Bruce by Dibble.
W. J. Keating by 11. H. North.
John Wise by J. W. Power.
E. 11. Richardson and Mrs. W. Sampson by
Valentine.
W. 11. Rice (at request of Bettman) by Har-
T. Smith by Dolan.
W. B. Kings bury by Kenyon.
?' V; fcm y-h by Chynoweth.
A. H Smith by Befsbaw.
A. B. Vlsher by Jones.
>. G. Duckworth by Tr««cv. : .
Gcor e North by A. W. North.
w. i-evm, on and E. SUeridan 7 Dennery.
Price uUock ' W ' HoP"i!i» and W. 8. Staley by
J. Brook* by Bettman.
riinrles Forbes by Senator Voorheis.
Ray Byron by Arnench.
Jones admitted that in the cases of J. P. Po
vine, A. A. Frledlan ter, S Voorsnneer and R.
iilakesion he authurized them to use his nann-.
■\Ve think the members who requested ap
pointments or lent their names to justi:y
them are specially deserving of censure. Yet
it is to be said in tueir deieoM thai tney had ■
right to make requests for appointments,
knowing that some should be made, and tiiat
they had a rip lit to presume the chic: clerk
would do his duty anil make no more r.ppoii;
ments thun were sctua'.ly necessary lor the
public service. With much more forco it may
be said in defense 01 all the members that
they were occupied lnrueiy In Die considera
tion of the Senatorial contest and in the ex
amination of the numaron* and voluminous
printed reports of public orticers preparatory
to the commencement of their legislative la
bors.
While thus occupied they had a right to
trus; the chief clerk to attend to the details of
the organization. He had nothing to do nut
to organ z-s the House. His mind was free
from other ca res. He had been a number of
the Legislature, and had served as chief clerk
at the last • essioti. It was iair to presume that
he was iamillar with tue duties of h:s office,
aii'i would honestly perform them.
We are of the opinion, and so find, that the
chief clerk deliberately and intentionally ap
rioiiite'l tho aforesaid unnecessary nttaches.
He offers no excuse for his conduct, except the
desire to reward the persons appointed for
their political services. He has even declared
to representatives of t.19 press that if the law
is no; changed, he will at the in x; session of
the Legislature pursue the same course, even
to .the extent of exhausting the contingent
fund of the Assembly by appointing, if re
quisite for that purpose, 1000 attaches.
This is the unfortunate culmination of a bad
practice, which has increased session after
session, In consequence of the importunities
oi people who come to look upon politics as a
trade— a means of gaining a living. They
seem to forget that the members of the Legis
lature are but the people themselves, as
sembled in their representative capacity
for the purpose solely cf legislating
for tho common good of the whole State. They
disregard the fact mat representatives are
trustees, and have no right to expend one
dollar of the public funds without a fair
equivalent i;i service or material; that every
dollar paid out from the public treasury for
an unnecessary servant is money deliberately
perverted in violation of a siicred trust.
They work for their party, it is true, but
should, if th,ey are good citizens, do so be
cause they believe tht.t the success of their
party is necessary to good government, in
which they, at* well as others, are concerned.
In other words, they work for themselves
when they work for '.heir party.
The chief clerk is a man of unusual intelli
gence, and no one understands better thr.n he
how indefensible is his conduct. We are
happy to say that the evidence does not dis
close any attempt on his part to profit tinnn
cially by his appointments; but this fact by
no means jusiities his conduct, by ;he un
necessary appointments he has made he has
enabled others to abstract from the public
treasury a large sum of money which it will
be diflicult if not impossible to recover. His
example, if unrebuted, would be imitated by
others in the future, and this disgraceful
abuse, instead of being stopped at once and
forever, as it should be, will go on increasing
until the evil effects are felt in other depart
ments of the public service. It is not neces
sary to multiply words in condemnation ot
bis action. While we believe a complete rem
edy will require legislation, either In amend
ment to the statue or of the constitution, or
both, we think also that it is necessary that
the one who, by showing himself unworthy of
the trust rep 1 sed in him, ha« brought about
luis unfor mint • state of affairs should be
made to suffer. As we have already stated, we
rind no authority in the resolution under
which we are ac'.ing to authorize us to recom
mend any speeilic. punishment, and we must
leave that to the judgment of the House.
We are also of the opinion that steps should
be taken to recover from the aunches now in
the service all the mileage paid them, and we
specially call the attention of the House to the
case of Mr. Hocking, to whom has been paid
the sum of $117(50 for miieaire. He is now
acting in the capacity of bookkeeper to the
serjeant-at-arms.
BY
Way mire, on behalf of himself indi
vidually, and not as a member of the com
mittee, introduced the following resolu
tion :
WHEBXAA, The committee heretofore ap
pointed by this Assembly to investigate the
irregularities attending the temooray organi
zation of the Assembly have, after a patient
consideration of all the facts, found that
100 attaches in excess of those ac
tually required were appointed io assist
in the temporary organization, thereby
leading to an unnecessary expenditure of
!t>4-15 80; anil whereas, said committee has
also found that the said attaches were de
liberately and intentionally appointed by the
chief clerk with the knowledge that they
were not necessary, and for the avowed pur
pose of rewarding the persons so appointed
for party cervices; and whereas, the said com
mittee has further found that the chief clerk
has declared that unless the law shall be
changed he will at the next session ol the
Legislature appoint enough attacnes at the
temporary organization to eihuufi the con
tingent fund of the Assembly , even if. fur that
purpose, it be necessary to appoint a thousand
attaches; now therefore, be it
Resolved, That in the opinion of the Assem
bly S. J. Duckworth, chiel clerk of the Assem
bly, is guilty of n. violation of the trust re
posed in h-m; that it is unwise to continue
him in office, and that he is hereby removed
srom office from and after the passage of this
resolution.
Neither the report nor the resolution
was read to the House, there being evi
denced a disposition on the part of the
majority to dispense with the reading
thereof. It was decided to have both
primed in the journal to-morrow morn
ing, and to make them the special order
for next Wednesday at 2 p. m.
I> SEIkATiS A Sit ASSEMBLY.
Matter* of Varioun Kinds Conttderetl by
I.'itvmnHerUm
SACRAMENTO. Cal., Feb. s.— During
the morning session of the Senate to-day
the following bills were passed:
Dwyer's labor bill, Boyce's measure pro
viding for the employment of a specialist
in sociology, the Torrens land act, Bert's
bill making State and legal holidays the
same and Bert's bill regarding legal holi
days.
The feature of the morning session w«s !
a speecu by Senator Bulla in advocacy of I
the Torrens land act. The bill provides
for the issuance by the courts of certifi
cates of titles to property, obviating the
necessity of employing experts to search
the records whenever a sale or transfer of j
property is made. When such a saie or j
transfer of property is concluded a new I
certificate shall be issued having the
validity of the original title, and l>y which j
future sales or transfers can be effected.
In the afternoon the following bills
were passeu :
Assembly bill No. 306, exempting rail
roads who^e property was above the alti
tude of 5000 feet from operating during
the winter season; North's bicycle bill;
Senate bill No. 45, limiting the tec nical j
grounds for reversals of judgments by the
Supreme (curt; Senate bill No. 310, pro
tecting uoming pigeons; Senate bill No.
178, relating to voluntary dissolution of I
corporations; Senate bills N0.}275 and 276, !
regulating ihe collection of tolls on !
bridges and Senate bill No. 189, prohib
iting judges appo.nting relatives as re
ceivers or referees.
Several Senate bills on third reading file |
went over in the absence of their authors.
Rraunhart spoke at length oq his bill
requiring the appointment of one ap
pra.ser for estates instead of three, which
had been unfavorably reported by the I
Judiciary Committee; but when Simp
son commenced his attack on the bill Mr '
Braunhart withdrew it with the consent •
of the Senate.
The Committee on Enrollment reported
that Private Secretary McCaoe had in
formed them of the Governor's refusal to
sign Senate joint resolution 8 asking for
tariff relorm on asphaitum for the reason
that the secretary of the Senate had no
official power to communicate with tiie
representatives in Congress.
The resolution was referred to the Com
mittee on Executive Communication.
The fir.<t business taken up by the As
semoly this morning was the bill provid
ing for the appointment of a Debris Com
missioner, wno was to direct the expendi
ture of the appropriation made for the
purpose of carrying oui the provi;-ions of
th*> bill.
It was recommitted to the Committee on
Mines end Mining, with the request that
a substitute be drafted. Babseqaently the
substitute biil was reported and mude a
special order for Tue>day.
Shanahan's bill providing for tiie amend
ment to the Civil Code concerning the re
demption of property sold on execution
was passed.
The house then went into committee of
the whole to consider Sims' measure, pro
viding for the appointment of an auditing
TIIE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1597.
board to the Commissioner of Pnoi'c j
Works and the appropriation of $300,000 j
for the purchase 01 a dredeer, tools, etc., j
to be used in the improvement of channel!).
An amendment striking out the clause j
making the Governor an ex-officiO mem
ber of tbe board was agreed to.
Assemblyman Cutter then moved that
the bill be made a special order for Thurs
day, and after some opposition on the part
of Dibble the motion was carried.
The San Francisco delegation reported
favorable substitute bills on the 2J4-cent
streetcar fares aud the salaries in the
Police Department.
The bill to allow San Jose to erect a
hu'h-Bchool building on the Normal
School grounds was unfavorably reported.
The University of California tax bill
pas-ifd to a third reading and was made a
special order for Mouday at 2 p. m.
Upon being reported back the county |
government bill was ordered withdrawn j
as recommended by the committee.
Assembly afternoon session — The fol- I
lowing Assembly bills were passed this
afternoon:
No. 22. establishing a system of street
improvement bonds; No. 454, protecnnc
stockholders of mining companies; No.
40, constituting a law on estrays; No. 68.
establishing fees for county and township
officer.", jurors and witnesses; No. 6, au
tnorizing the appointment of a Japanese
interpreter for criminal proceedings in
cities of over 100,000 inhabitants.
When Dibble's bill raising the salaries
of Judges of the Superior Courts of San
Francisco to $(5000 came up North aste.l to
have the enacting clause struck out. After
several similar amendments had been of
fered and voted down the bill went to
vote and was lost — ayes 18, noes 42. Dib
| ble then changed nis vote and gave notice
of a motion torecons der.
The Duckworth investigation commit
tee mad* a report which reviewed the
resolution authorizing an investigation.
The report stated that the only authority
conferred upon tiie committee thereby
was confined to reporting its findings and
including an expression of i's opinion. It
was found that the law authorized only
the chief clerk, minute clerk and sergeant
at-arms to hold over, but does not i>ro
hibit additional attaches. The defect
cannot be remedied except by legislation
amending the statutes or constitution, or
both. The report states that additional
help is necessary, but that a force, num
bering fifteen, with a per diem of $74, was
surticient; and contains a list of men em
ployea by Duckworth, expressing the be
lief that the responsible party should not
co unrebuked.
The committee recommends that steps
should be taken to recover from th« at
taches now employed all the mileage paid
to them, and calls particular attention to
the case ot Mr. Hocking, now bookkeeper
to t c sergeant-at-arms, who was paid
1117.
" The report of the committee was fol
lowed by two resolutions by Judge Way
rmrp, one of which provided for tne col
lection of mileage paid to the appointees
and the otner charging Duckworth with
deliberately making appointments to pay
pany debts and referring to his threats
regarding the appointment of a host of
attaches next session. Waymire con
cluded with a resolution finding Duck
worth guilty of misusing trust reposed in
him, consequently it is unwise to con
tinue him in ortice, "and he is hereby re
moved from office." The resolutions were
m de a special order lor next Wednesday.
Kenyon offered a report from the com
mittee on contested elections, consisting
of a resolution dismissing the Hoey- Power
contest, which was adopted.
CO\CER>I.*(i ESTRAIS.
A Hill to Make Matter* Katiy He. ween
the finder and the Owner.
SACRAMENTO, Cal.. Feb. s.—Linden
berger's Assembly bill 40 has been amend
ed and provides as follows: Any person
taking up an estray animal shall within
five days file with the County Recorder a
notice with full description of the marks,
brands, etc., of the estray. togetner with
the probable value of the animal. Within
twenty-four hours lhereaf:er the Recorder
shall forward a copy of the notice, with 25
cents, to the County Recorders of the ad
joining county or counties. The Recorder
at the same time shall collect from the
taker-up $1 and for each copy forwarded
25 cents.
At any time within thirty days after
filing the notice the claimant of the estray
Btiail appear before a Justice of tbe Peace
of the township in which the animal was
found and im.ko his claim. The Justice
shall notify the taker-up and within five
days shall hear evidence of ownership and
possession and shail determine the com
pensation to be paid the taker and the
costs.
The taker-up shall receive 15 cent* per
day 'or the keeping of each horse, mule,
jenny, ass, cow, bull, ox, steer or calf;
5 cents per day for eacn sheep, goat,
hog or othftr animal, provided that the
tinder may voluntarily deliver such stock
to the owner thereof upon receipt of costs
and compensation.
Should the owner not appear and claim
the animal within thirty days the same
shall be sold by the constable by public
auction, as under execution anU he shall
receive the same fees. After the payment of
the constable's fees the finder shall be paid
his costs and compensation, or so much as
the receipts ol the suie shall permit; the
surplus to be paid to the owner, who must
apply for the same within une year, other
wise it will i>e paid into the common
school fund of ttie county.
The taker-up shall use reasonable care
to preserve the ssnie from injury, but if
any estray animal or animals die or escape
at any time before the expiration of the
time specified in this act the taker-up shall
not be held liable in any manner or
account of such animal.
O A tUKt. V,L OS UH
An Act to Protect the Bankrupt Rancher
J-rotn financial Miark*.
SACRAMENTO. Cal., Feb. s.— Wright's
Assembly bill 686 is designed to protect
persons whose property shall be sold un
der foreclosure of mortgage. Under the
law as it now stands if the property does
not produce sufficient to pay off the prin
cipal, interest 'and coats the deficiency
stands as a judgment against the debtor.
The bill now b fore the Judiciary Com
mittee relieves the debtor from loss by
reason of depreciation in Jand values, etc.,
and obliges tne lender to bear the loss.
The bill reads as follows:
Section 720. There can be but one action lor
the recovery of any debt, or the enforcement
of any right secured by mortgage upon real
estate or personal property, which fiction must
be in accordance with the provisions of this
chapter. In such action the court may, oy Its
judgment, direct a sale of the lncumbered
property (or so much thereof as may be neces
sary), mid the application of the proceeds of
the sale to tne payment of the costs of the
court and the expenses of the sale and the
amount due to the plaintiff. If it appears
from the Sheriff* return that the proceeds are
insufficient, or that a balance still remain*
due, no judgment can be docketed
for such- balance against the defend
ant or defendants personally, nor shall
the mortgagee be given any recourse
against such defendant on account of
such debt so secured by mortgage, but In nil
cases where a creditor takes any property I
as security tor a debt, he shall, In case of de
fault in payment of such debt, be confined to !
such property or the proceeds of its sale for I
the satisfaction of his claim or demand. No
person holding a conveyance from or under
the mortgagor of the properly mortgaged, or
having a lien thereon, which conveyance or
lion does not appear of record in the proper j
office nt the time of c lmtnenceinent of the
action, need be made a party to . such action; !
and the judgment therein rendered, and the
proceedings therein had ; are as conclusive
against tbe party holding such unrecorded
conveyance or lien as if he had been made a
party to the action.
n r>Aiu.t i> /-JKEMES.
A Rill to rrnride n fund, for the J.ellrf
of Volunteer firemen.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 5. — The
Committee on Municipal Corporations in
troduced in the Assembly to-day bill No.
743 rrovidine a minimum compensation
of $10 per month. The municipal au
thorities shall in the annual tax levy set
apart an amount equal to $5 per h*ad lor
each active fireman on the roll, of six
months' standing prior thereto. This
shall be placed in the treasury and paid
to partially or totally disabled firemen in
the performance of their duty, in sums
not to exceed $.0 per week for twelve con
secutive weeks; provided, that in case of
permanent disability the board may in
its discretion allow to such tireraan an
additional sum, not to exceed $50 per
year.
JUDGE>' SALARIES.
A Bill That Will Interest the Ermine
|jf?HJ§ lliniutrhoHt the Mate.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. s.— Strain's
Assembly bill t>76 changes the salaries of
Judceg of the Superior Courts. It leads
as follows:
The annual salaries of the Judges of the Su
perior Courts of- the City and County of San
Francisco, and tl>e counties of AUmeda, Son
Joaquiii, Los Angeles, Santa Cliira, San Mateo,
Yuba and Sutter combined, Sacrnmento, Butte,
Nevada, Slonoma, colusa, Monterey, Santa Bar
bara, San Dirgo, Mann, Mendocino, Tehama,
San Bernardino. Kern, I'lacer, llumbol'lt, Tu
lnrc, iresno. Soiano, Yolo, Shasta and Contra
Costa, are $4000 each; of the Judges of the
Superior Courts of the coufntiex of
Amador, Calaveras, Stanislaus and El Do
rado, $3500 each; of the Judges of
the Superior Court of the county of
Santa Cruz, $3000; of the Judges of the Supe
rior Court of ihe counties of Del Norte and
Modoc, $'2400 each ; and of the Judges of the
Superior Court of the county of Alpine, $2000
per annum; one-half of which shall be paid
by the State and the other half thereof by the
county of which the Judge is elected or ap
pointed, except that in the counties of Yuba
and Sutter one-fourth of the salary of the Su
perior Judge shall be pßid by each' county.
COUMI HIGHWAYS.
Supervisor* May J»*ue Bond* to Raitr
Money to Build Jhrtn.
SACRAMENTO, Cat,.. Feb. s.—Cami
hetti's Assembly Dill 764, introduced to
day, authorizes Supervisors in each
county to define what shall constitute
county highways. All highways connect
ing the several towns and cities in a
county and leading therefrom to the
county boundary shall constitute county
highways, except such as may be declared
Siato highways. County highways shall
not b« more than sixty feet nor le«s than
thirty feet wide. In mountainous regions
such highways may be less in width, but
must be wide enough through their whole
length to permit teams to pass each
other. The umle in no case shall exceed
a certain number of degrees to be here
after put into the bill.
Supervisors are ordered to call a special
election lor the issue of highway bonds
when so petitioned by 20 per cent of the
qualified electors voting at the last general
election.
WILIt BIRDS.
An Attempt to I'rotret Ihem From the
<iun* of Hunter*.
SACRAMENTO. Cal., Feb. 5-Burn
ham's Assembly bill 755, introduced to
day, provides that wild birds shall not be
killed or caught at any time, or possessed
after they are dead. This bill does not
nffect game or other birds for which a
closed season lias been made by the game
laws, and it <:ojs not protect the English
sparrow. The esgs of wild birds shall not
be offered for sale or or the nests robbed
or destroyed, unless when nece-sary to
protect buiidings or prevent their deface
ment.
Certificates may be granted by a uni
versity, college or incorporated society of
natuial history in this State to any prop
erly accredited person to collect birds,
their nests or eggs for scientific purposes
only.
A fine of $'J5 for each bird killed or
trapped will be the penalty for a violatiou
of the act.
POLICE SALAItIES.
Bill Introduced in the Af.temblu by the
>«(» JFraneiico I '•/> •■>»! .
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 5. — The
San Francisco delegation introduced to
day Assembly bill 711, recalatine police
salaries in municipalities of the first class
as follows:
Chief of Police, $5000 p«»r annum. ■
Captain of detective?, $3000 per annum.
Clerk' to Chief and Commissioners, $2500
per annum.
Property Clerk, $2500 per annum.
Fifteen detectives, $1800 per annum.
The act also provides that upon petition
of the Chief of Police to the Supervisors
or City Council such body may au
thorize the Chief to detail additional po
lice officers to perform detective duty at
$1800 per annum ear
BTMMKTVAH t.< i: is.
Another J tv > and a Half C»nt Bill In
troduced in th* Attrntbly.
SACRAMENTO, Cal.. Feb. 5.-Mul
crevy to-day introduced Assembly bill
740, requiring street railroads in munici
palities of the first class, between 6 and 8
o'clock in the morning an<l 5 and 7 in the
evening, to charge only 2% cents fare.
Tickets may be sold in lots ut sixty or less
to one person. Any person during those
bours may receive his change in tickets
at '1% cents lor each ticket, not exceeding
sixty.
Short- lleiyht Butter.
SACRAMENTO, Cal.. Feb. s.—Dairy
men will be equally as well pleased as the
consumers with Assembly bill 7G7. intro
duced to-day by Harris. It provides that
any person offering butter for sal«, either
in roils or squares, not of the full standard
weight of two pounds avoirdupois, shall be
guilty of a misdemeanor. It has been the
custom for certain dealers to order dairy
men to make their rolls of butter not to
exceed a pound and a half or a pound and
tbreequarters each. Thedealer buys them
by weight and sells them by the roll, re
presenting them to be two- pound rolls,
thus defrauding the buyer.
Corporation lox-b.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. s.—Barn
ham introduced to-day Assembly bill 754,
providing that each intended corporation
named in section 291 before filing articles
of incorporation must have actually sub
scribed to its capital stock for each mile
of the contemplated work the following
amounts:
One tuousand dollars per mile of rail
road.
One hundred dollars per mile of tele
graph.
Three hundred dollars per mile of wagon
roads.
Two hundred dollars per mile of tele
phone lines.
I'nlmoiirri food.
SACRAMENTO, Cal.. Feb. 3.-Dibble
introduced to-day Assembly bill 759, pio
hibitingany person having or offering fcr
food or drink, to be eaten or drunk by any
human being, any poisonous, deleterious
or unwholesome substance. The bill pro
hibits counterfeiting or labeled misrepre
sentation.
Owners or others In control of any build
ing shall not allow any part thereof or
any substance therein, etc., to continue or
remain in a condition dangerous to life,
health or safety.
ffhlttier'* Appropriation Cut Down.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. s.— The
Committee on Prisons and Reformatories
met thi3 evening to consider the bill for
an appropriation of $110,000 to the Whit
tier Reform School. Treacy of San Fran
cisco objected to the amount, and said
that it was not necessary. It was cut
down to $36,000.
Tn Aboliih the Commit* ion.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. s.— At the |
meetine of the Judiciary Committee to- j
night it was decided to make a favorable |
report on the bill abolishing the Code
Commission and the measure reducing
the fees of Public Administrators after
1898.
So Japanese J interpreter.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. s.— Dibble
of San Francisco this afternoon withdrew
his bill asking for the appointment of a
Japanese interr rater in the police courts
of San Francisco. He did so because of
the opposition enc untered by the bili.
He said that he nad read in the news
papers that Mayor Pnelan had denounced
the bill as creating »n unnecessary office.
Judjrei and otlier officials interviewed by
reporter-! stated that they were opposed
to tne bill.
Train Hobbrry.
SACRAMENTO. Cal., Feb. 5 —A bill
amending the present law punishing train
robbery or train wrecking, was presented
in the Assembly to-day by Belshaw, and
is numbered 7i6. It provides that the
culprit shall be punished with death or
life imprisonment, at the option of the
jury; provided, that in all prosecutions
under this section, any one vt more of the
acts enumerated herein, may be charged
in the same information or indictment.
R*n'vnlrttt Corporation*.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. s.—Burn
ham introduced Assembly bill 751 this
morning, amending tide XII, division 1,
part IV of the Cvil Code defining benevo
lent cosporations, so as to define benevo
lent corporations as "Corporations or
ganized for purposes other tuan pecuniary
profit."
IS THE INDIANA A FAILURE?
The New Battle-Ship Put to Another Test
With a Squadron and Has to
Return to Port.
WASHINGTON", D. C, Feb. s.— What
may be represented to foreign Governments
as an failure of one of the
crack yesseis of tne new navy receives an
explanation which navy officials of ex
perience regard as satisfactory. The re
turn of the battle-ship Indiana to Hamp
ton Kottds to-day after having been at sea
with Admiral Bunce's squadron hardly
twentyvfour hours was due to the same
turrets 1 which got loose in a storm last
fall, when Captain EvaDs commanded the
ship in the evolutions off Long Island.
On t%at occasion the big guns project
ing from the turrets swung back and
forth across the decks as tho ship
heeled over on her beam ends in the sea,
and the gravest fears were felt that the
magnificent vessel would "turn turtle"
and go down. Captain Evans hove her to
and lashed the guns temporarily, which
enable^ him to reach port, and then sev
eral months were spent at the navy-yard
in trying to remedy the defect.
Ca plain Evans was succeeded in com
mand by Captsin Taylor, formerly of the
war college, and yesterday was Captain
Taylor's iirst experience for some time on
an armored *h in that has earned a repu
tation wallowing, and it is understood
that the long rollers following the recent
heavy j»ale made themselves felt on the
ship w^en the fleet got off Hatteras.
li -lie had not been restricted to squad
ron formation Captain Tayior might have
headed- his course into the seas, but as the
Now York with her high free board and
notable stability was setting the course,
and asthe Indiana could not safely stay
«vith tlie fleet she was permitted to return.
If her turrets had broken loose off Hat
teras the ahip might have been lost.
The Navy Department gave out the fol
lowing statement regarding the matter
this afternoon:
"The- Indiana returned to-day to Hamp
ton roads, having made a run with the
squadron. When she went out this time
sue had with her a new locking device for
her turrets, lately put on at New YorK,
and which was intended to remedy the
trouble, she had the last time she put to
sea in^heavy weather. This present de
vice has three times the strength of the
former one. Very properly the officers of
the ship have been cautious and observant
as to it* workinßS, and she has returned
to the Roads for a further inspection of it
and possible readjustment."
The department expects to have the In
diana again at sea in a few days.
ONLY A 'TRIVIAL AFFAIR.
The State Department Receives a Report
From Minister Barrett of the
Kellett Incident.
WASHINGTON. D. C, Feb. 5. -The
State Department has received a full re
port of the Kellett affair at Chieng Mai
Siam, Jrom Minister Barrett, which indi
cates that it was only a trivial affair,
greatly exaggerated in importance and al
together that a mountain was made from
an exceedingly small molehill.
It appears that there has never been
any occasion for sending a United States
gunboat to Siam on tfcis account, and cer
tainly no additional ship will be sent;
nor is there any anticipation of the slight
est strain in the relations between this
c uutry and Siam.
It seems that Mr. Kellett, who is an un
paid official, appointed by the Consul-
General, had sent two of his native ser
vants at night to post a letter and one of
them carried a cane, contrary to law.
He was arrested and taken to jail, where
Mr. Kellett proceeded and endeavored to
rescue the prisoner without formality,
and in the resistance offere I by the ser
geant Mr. Kellett was .-truck about the
head and had his face scratched.
Later in the evening tne servant was
released by the Siamese Commissioner,
who sent a servant to inquire after Mr.
Kellett's injuries. Mr. Kellett said he
had no reply to make until he commu
nicated with the Minister at Bangkok
about the insult that bad been offered him.
No doubt is held at the State Depart
ment but that the affair has been satifac
torily arranged before now, the decart
ment taking no action whatever.
A THIEVING BANK CASHIER.
After Thirty- Four Years' Service He Quits
$12,000 Short and Mysteriously
Disappears.
BETHLEHEM, Pa., Feb. s.— For fifteen
years Cyrus E. Breder, cashier of the First
National Bank of Bethlehem, has been re
garded as an upright and honorable man,
but his honesty was a cloak, and he is
now a fugitive from justice, with a short
age in his accounts at the bank of
$12,430 86.
When the First National Bank was
organized, thirty-four years ago, Breder
began with it as a clerk. By steadiness
and capacity in fourteen years he had
worked his way up to cashier. For rive
years, after becoming cashier, he appears
to have been perfectly honest.
Then he took a nominal sum of money
with tbe probable idea of returning it. It
was the old tale over again. He never
returned the lirst money taken, and
throughout the last fifteen y^ars has been
taking small sums at a time until his
shortage readied over $12,000.
Hopeless of ever b;ing able to replace
the sum, and probably knowing that de
tection could be little longer avoided,
Breder last Tuesday told his wife that he
had resigned from the bank and was going
to New York to accept a position there.
Since then nothing has been heard of
him.
1J Is absence from the bank ied to an in
vestigation of iiis accounts, and it only
took an accountant an hour to-day to dis
cover the extent of the absconding cash
ier's peculations. Breder received a salary
of $150 a month.
Ihe Dolphin Ordered South.
WASHINGTON, D. C, FeD. 5. — The
Dolphin has been ordered to Charleston,
S. c, to join Admiral Bunco's fleet there.
She will arrive on Sunday.
AMENDMENT TO
CONTEMPT LAW
An Interesting Measure Is
Introduced in the
Legislature.
Places Sta'e and Federal Courts
on the Same Plane as to
Criticism.
Judge Catiin's Rulin; Causes Action
by the Free Press Defense
SACRAMENTO. Cal.. Feb. s.— There
was introduced to-day in both, houses of
the Legislature the following constitu
tional amendment:
Section 9. Every citizen may freely speak,
wr lie and publish his sentiments on all sub
jects, being responsible for the abuse of that
right; ana no law shall be passed to restrain
or abridge the liberty of speech or of the press.
[Xo speech or publication reflecting upon or
concerning any court or any officer thereof
shall -be treated or punished as a contempt of
court, unless made In the immediate
presence of such, court while in ses
sion and in such a manner as to
actually interlere with its proceedings.]
In all criminal prosecutions for HheU
the truth may be given in evidence to the
jury: and if it shall appear to the jury that
the matter charged as libelous is true and was
published with gooil motives and for justifi
able ends, the party snail be acquitted, and
the jury shall have the ripht to determine the
law and the fact. Indictments found or infor
mation iaid for publications in newspapers
shall be tried in the county whore such news
papers nave their publication office, or in the
county wnere the party alleged to be libeled
resided at the time of the alleged publication,
unie«s the place of trial shall be changed for
good cause.
The amendment consists of the follow
ing inserted in the present law:
No speech or publication reflecting upon or
concerning any court or any officer tnereof
shall be treated or punished as a contempt of
court unless made In the immediate presence
of such court while in session, and in such a
manner as to actually interlere with its pro
ceedings. *•
This language is the cist of the Barry
contempt law of IS9I, and is an exact copy
of the Federal statute now governing all
the Federal courts of the United States.
It would seem, therefore, that no reason
able objection could be offered to it as a
law for the government of the courts of
the State of California.
The measure was formulated by the
Free Press Defense league of San Fran
cisco, of which Hon. James G. Maguire is
president and James H. Barry, editor of
tbe Star, secretary. The necessity for the
introduction ot this constitutional amend
ment al this time is indicated by the fol
lowing statement of facts:
Judge A. P. Catiin of the Superior
Court of Sacramento County, in a recent
decision rininc the editor of the Sacra
mento Bee $500 for a criticism of the
court made in the newspaper, declares
that the Barry contempt law of 1891 is un
constitutional.
An appeal in the matter was taken to
the Supreme Court of this State and a de
cision, under the ninety-day rule, is due
this month. It is highly probable, how
ever, that such a decision will not be given
until after tne adjournment of the Legis
lature, and that, if it upholds the view of
the law taken by Judte Catlin, there can
be no protection for newspaper publish
ers or the public generally in this matter
of contempt until the convening of the
next Legislature.
The action of Judge Catlin, as above
referred to. drsw forth an almo«t unani
mous expression from the Dress and the
public of this State, which resulted in
the reorganization of the Free Press
Defense Leaeue of San Francisco (which
obtained the passage of the original
Barry act) and the formulation by it of
the present measure. It covers fully the
ground, insuring ample protection to
every citizen who criticizes "the acts of a
Judiie, whether he does it by speech or
through the newspaper, acd it should,
therefore, meet the hearty support of
those who have already expressed them
selves on this subject.
More Trouble Brexcintj in Oklahoma.
GUTHRIE. 0. T., Feb. s.— There are
indications of serious trouble at Mangum,
Greer County. The bill recently passed
caused a grand rush, and every lot not
occupied by a building has been
"jumped" and is being held down by
men with Winchesters and six-shooters
while the original claimants who laid out
the town under the laws of Texas are
making ugly threats.
Express Offic* Robbed of Silver Bar:
ST. LOriß, Mo., Feb. 5.— A special from
Duran^o, Mexico, says that two bars of
rohned silver, valued at $10,000, were
stolen yesterday from the office of Wells-
Farco express, in that city. The employes
claim it was stolen while the ollice was
do«ed. There is no clpw to ihe roDb°rs.
JOY'S INDORSED.
Mr. Theodore St ■ eke Declares Joy's
Did Him a World of Good.
Joy's Sarsaparilla Will Cleanse the Blood.
MR. T. STACKE.
Mr. T. Stacke lives at the Santa Rosa
Hotel, corner Fourth and San Pedro streets,
Los Angeles, Cal. He has used several
bottles of the native sarsaparilla, and is
now convinced Joy's Vegetable Sarsa-
parilla is best, "for," said he, "when I be-
gan using the Sarsaparilla I had a desire
to rest all the time. My blood was dis-
ordered, my tongue coated. At times,
just for a moment, my head swam ; I was
not the least bit dizzv. I knew my needs
and determined to use a bottle of Joy's
Vegetable Sarsaparilla. I easily procured
the first bottle, and after using for six days
felt better in every way. When I bought
the second bottle I had a little trouble in
getting it. The drug clerk tried to talk me
into using something else. I knew what I
wanted and insisted on getting Joy's
Vegetable Sarsaparilla. I am heartily
glad I bought the remedy and will gladly
recommend it to any one. Joy's is cer-
tainly fine."
Don't let the drug clerk talk you intobuving
something else for Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla.
HEW TO-DAT.
(Mir
Is one of the most common and most an-
noying ailments that afflicts- American
people. It is an inflammation of the mu-
cous membranes, either of the head,
throat, stomach, bowels or bladder. The
most common form of catarrh is in the
head. It is attended with many repulsive
features, such as copious discharges from
the nose, an offensive breath, constant
hawking and spitting and a variety of
other symptoms too well Known tore-
quire detailed mention. Catarrh if neg-
lected becomes chronic, and in its chronic
stage it is dangerous, as it very often leads
to consumption with the usual fatal end-
ing of that deadliest of all diseases.
Catarry yields readily to the Electro-
Medical treatment given at tlie STATE
ELECTRO- INSTITUTE, and
the worst chronic cases, no matter of how
long standing, are invariably cured by
this treatment. It cures and has cured in
hundreds of cas?s where other remedies
and treatments failed to give even tem-
porary relief.
If you have catarrh do not any longer
remain a victim of such a disagreeable,
painful, troublesome and often fatal dis-
ease, when you can obtain immediate re-
lief and be permanently
CURED
By the great Electro-Medical treatment
given at the Institute.
This marvelous electro-medical treat-
ment is creating a tremendous sensation
among the people of this coast because of
the remarkable cures it is daily effecting,
and for this same reason it is stirring the
medical world as no discovery of recent
years has stirred it. There has not been a
single failure to cure in any case where
the treatment has been given.
X pay EXAMINATIONS. If you
"lift ¥ are sick or ailing, if you
want to know what is the matter with, you,
and if you want to be cured, you should
resort without delay to the STATE ELEC-
TRO-MEDICAL INSTITUTE. The Insti-
tute TREATS AND CURES Diseases of
the Heart, Brain and Nerves, Blood Dis-
eases, Rheumatism. Cancers and Tumors,
Catarrh, Kidney Diseases, Throat Dis-
eases, Stomach Disease?, Diseases of the
Liver, Bowel Diseases, Eye Diseases, Ear
Diseases and all Diseases of Men and
Women.
. WRITE if you cannot call at the In-
stitute. Describe your troubles by letter
and the doctors will advise you what to do.
Strictest confidence observed.
STATE ELECTRO-MEDICAL INSTITUTE
NEW CURE FOB ALT. DISEASES.
Located at the Corner of
Market, Powell and Eddy Street3,
ENTRANCE 3 EDDY STREET.
San Francisco, Cal.
It. A. Berteltn; I'res. H. Nordman, Vice-Pres.
A. \V. Kirk, Sec. Jos. ISordraan, Treat.
427 KEARNY STREET.
Is the very best place to have your eyes examined
and fitted to glasses with instruments exclusively
our own, whose superiority baa not yet beoa
equaled.
We- have no rivals. We value oar reputation;
we guarantee satisfaction, and depend solely upoa
the merles of our work lor success.
THE PAINTER
HAS REMOVED TC
573 /HISSION .ST.
DR.MCMLTY.
ri^HIS WELL-KNOWN AND RKLtABT.E OMi
■M. Specialist cures Private.Nervons.llloodaiidSktn
Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over
20years' experience. Send for Book, free. I'utientM
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours. 9 to 3
daily;*):*) toS.:»evVs. Sundays. 10 to 12. Consulta-
tion free and sacredly confidential. Call or address
P. KOSCOi; JlfXriiTT, K. I>.,
26'« Ko.-niij Street, Kan Franviico, Cnl.
•^»»^ DR. YIROHOW'S
|p|p||fe ELECTRIC BELT,
Uaromftft "V^iTf J By 50 per cent the best
Belt made, Has cured
'%^w(v^ more people than all
i|&> other belts combined.
(aji You might as well
***» have the best, as it
costs no more. Call or address
THE YIRCHOW ELECTRICCO, 100 Stockton St., SF
1 Tpermanent ' CURE I
2 of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea and 5
C Gleet, guaranteed In from 3 to 6 days; no 5
C other treatment reqnlred, and without the nau- 5»
C &eattnjr results of dosing wtthCuliebs, Copaiba V
C or Sai»dal-Wood. J.Ferre & Co., (<succe*sorB to >
< Brou\, Pharniacien. Paris. At all dnifrplsts. <
gP3 Oblehcater'a r.ncllnh Dlanecrt Brand.
f ENNYRQYAL PILLS
ENNYROYAL PILLS
P j iSTIJ Original «nd Only Genuine A
/ rt"o\ •* . *lw»« reliable. LADIES Uk e£\
At/7J _S*K<M. Dn>l«lrt for' Chteheiteri K-naiish />io>BV^
|f*MirT|jßC\'no»ii Brand In Red and (-old meuliic\\W
j2k OfcJygboxM. er&led with bine ribbon. Take \5/
jn O4» vMno other. Refute dangtrotu tulitlff V
I / • und imitati'mw. At Drajeisti, or tend 4e.
I*• t J[ in tutmpi for particular!, tciiUcMSiali and
1 \9* 0 "Belief for Ladles," in Utw. br rvtvra
-\_ AT HalL 0.000 TntlnuDial*. .Von' Pay*.
. ,ZTT~J < J "lehe»terCfce»»lc«lo<»>»Jtt»dliionB«u»r*»
totl to «!! Lo«»l lir , U i,u. I*UUd*«-. *»«D
9 < z& Qi $\ 9W 1 'zj & hs4 9 I
VlllUC Vnil "^ro Tnroat, rimpies. Coppcr-JSj
|»i1A?!I TUU colored Spots, Ache.;, Old Sores.aj
Mil leers 'n Mouth, Hair-l'alllngl Write COOK©
Ip KE!kIEDY CO., QO7 52a«onic TemplefDl
KChlcapco, 111., for proofs of cures. Cap!- V
■Htul, S.">-i>O,vAK>. Worst cases cured in 1G
rc to St!i days. 100-p>ifie book free. »
MARKET ST.S.F.^m^
NOTARY PUBLIC.
pHARLKS H. PHILUI's. - ATTOUXEY-AT-
\J Law and Notary Public, 638 Market si., oppo-
site Palace Hotel. Telephone 570. Resilience lttfd
lell street. Telephone •• riuo " 2591.
34
WAS WAXING RICH
ON BOGUS DRAFTS
Fresno's Jail Holds a Man
Wanted in Several
Cities.
Fassed as a Gotham Drummer
and Dealt in Worthless
Paper.
Unconsciously A:d. y d by Stockton's
Mayor in Fleecin? One of His
Victims.
FRESNO, Cai.., Feb. f>.-V. S. Wolffe,
•who represents himself as being a New
York drummer, and is charged with ob
taining $K'O by false preten-es from Louis
&c oiler, the proprietor of the Tivoli
saloon, was held to answer by Judge St.
John to-day la $2000 bail. The prisoner
persuaded Scholier to indorse a check
drawn by him on A. Sieel & Co. of New
York. It appears that there are several
firms in that city in which the name Sigel
appears, but Wolffe had no authority to
draw on any of tbem. After his imposi
tion on Scholl»r, Wolffe immediately pur
chased a railroad ticket for St. Louis, but
the telegraph overtook him ana he was in
tercepted at Los Angeles, from wnich
place Deputy Constable Crutcher brought
hici back to Fresno yesterday.
The accused addressed the court in the
examination to-day, praying for a speedy
hearing as he was suffering tortures in
jail. He represented that he had no idea
of defrauding Scholler, and that he was
willing to bear the expense of telegraph
ing to the firm of A. Sigel it Co. of New
York, on which he had drawn the $100
draft. He said the firm's place of busi
ness was at 1887 Lexington avenue, and he
hnd often drawn on it before.
Replying to Justice St. John the ac
cused admitted having drawn on the firm
for $300 in San Francisco, but he had been
indiscreet, and this was the cause of his
present trouble.
He also admitted that he had drawn on
the firm in Stockton. He claimed that
when he had an opportunity oi explaining
the matter to the linn it would be all
right. He had been allowed, tie said, to
overdraw his account.
Word has been received from Sheriff
Cunningham of San Joaquin County, stat
ing that Wolffc was also wanted in Stock
ton and asking that he be held until the
Sheriff came down. The prisoner is al
leged to have victimized a man out of |150
in that city. Wolffe is about 55 years of
age and of smooth address.
XILKEO &lO< X I OX'S MAI OR.
While a duett of the City Wolffe Vat Sot
Idle.
STOCKTON, Cal., Feb. s.— The good
citizens of Stockton were much impressed
one day recently by an august pageant
traveling through the streets. It con
sisted of a spanking turnout, the most
prominent occupants of which were
Mayor Baggs, the Superintendent of
Streets, the President of the Council and a
distinguished looking gentleman of portly
build, who occupied the off side on the
rear seat. There was a air of royalty
about the party that made pedestrians
stop and gaza in awe, wondering what
dignitary h.'.d struct town.
The Mayor was evidently trying to im
press his guest with the greatness of the
city, and the stranger, leaning back com
placently, seemed to regard Mr. Baggs"
bailiwick with considerable favor. The
stranger was V. S. Wolffe. now in Fresno
jail.
Wolffe remarked casually the following
day that he had a draft for $150 on A.
Rigel <fc Co., a New York house in which
he was interested, and of course the Mayor
would be good enough to identify him at
the bank. They walked over to the
Farmers' and Merchants' Bank, where
the check was presented. The cashier de
clined to advance the money unless
Mayor Bangs would get some one else to
indorse the draft. The executive went
with the distinguished guest of the town
to the Chicago saloon and tnere intro
duced him to John Herrmann.
Wolffe represented that he was con
nected with a wealthy liquor-house, and
they had a few tl rinks by way of proceed
ing to the business in hand. Mr. Herr
mann was induced to place his signature
on the draft, in connection y>nh the
Mayor's. Woiffa tot the $150 and left
town.
It soon came to light that there was no
such firm as that on -a-hich the draft had
been given, and Mayor Baggs was forced
to a realization of the fact that he had
b?en bilked.
Wolffe is now under arrest at Fresno
for otlier swindles of a like nature, and
Herrmann, who made pood the $150, is
mourning his lo«s.
P08X1,.4M1» tilt, is S J*BATH.
I atalhj Injured While Participating in
Cnli*tlie n t-arercite*.
PORTLAND, Or., Feb. -Flora Weia
perber. 9 years old, a pupil of Professor
Krohn's calisthenic class in Turn Verein
Hall met with an accident last evening
that resulted in her death this morning.
In one of the exercises her head struck
the floor with great force. She wa3 picked
up partially stunned, but after a few tears
started for home, appaiently not seriously
injured.
On reaching home the child com
plained of pains in her head, but inas
much as she had walked home unassisted
ana there was but a slight swelling on the
ie t temple to show where «he bad been
hurt, the mother and father applied the
usual simple remedies, not bclievine a
physician's attendance necessary.
Shortly before midnight the child be
gan to give forth piercing shrieks, shortly
followed by convulsions. A doctor was
summoned, but an hour later the girl was
dexd.
Concussion of the brain had resulted
.from the fall and this as the nij:ht went
o:i, led to a rupture of a blood vessel on
the brain.
SJOSEO It I SVVMStt SOVQHS.
Jtocln JBurlrtt Tlironth ITindowt nt a
Jtaneing i'nr'.y.
TACOMA, Wash., Feb. s.— Between
twelve and sixteen young men of Sumner
are to be arrested for disturbing gather
ings of the Sumner Social Club, wnich
gives a bail every two weeks. Thursday
night's raa-querade ball was an invitation
affair, to which the elite of the town was
invited. Certain young; men and boys of
the village-rough variety held a meeting
and sought revenge because their presence
was not asked. After trying petty annoy
ances, the boys began throwing stones
through the windows of Ryan's Hall.
One young lady was hit and a baby just
missed having its head crushed. Then
men made a raid and took the tougns in
hand. To-day the vacancy in the Bum
ner justiceship was filled by appointment,
and it is expected that warrants will be
issued to-morrow.
CARSON MAKING READY.
Ten Thousand Dollar Hotel to Be Built
at Once if the Crpitcl Is Given
the Big Fight.
CARSON, Nf.v., Feb. f>.— Przefigbt
matters have quieted down some here,
pending the arrival of Dan Stuart, who
will definitely settle upon the place where
the encounter is to be held.
Should the event comp off in Carson it
is reported on good authority that work
will begin immediately on a $10,000 hotel,
for which the location has already been
selected, and the streets in the city will be
put into firit-class condition.
It is stated that a representative of Cor
bett visited Steamboat Springs yesterday,
and was bigiily pleas -d with the place as
a location for che training quarters of the
champion.
It is impossible to rent an empty build
ing of any description now, and many
hotel rooms have already been engaged.
\Vheelock, the partner of Stuart, is still
here, but will make no statement until
Stuart arrives. Everything points to Car
son, however, as the city which will be
choker..
RENO. New, Feb. 5 -Edward G. Cook*,
one of William A. Braily's business staff,
arrived here this morning from the East.
He took the afternoon train for Steam
boat Springs to look over that location as
training quarters for Corbett. rie says
that ha has two other places in view, and
it will be a day or two before a selection is
made. However, Steamboat Springs will
probably be ttie place.
Raci-na nt -Yeir Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS, La., Feb. s —Six furlong.
Pitfall won, Meddlar second, Lizzette third.
Time, 1:21.
Four furlongs, Chalraette won, Lupia sec
ond, George T. Todd third. Time, :53.
One and a half miles, hurdle, Brakeman
won, Partisan second, Rupee third. Time,
2:41.
Oue mile, Marquise vron. Irish Lady second,
GHSton third. Time, 1:86 V,.
Four and a half lurlong.*, Nannie L's Sister
won, John (.'onroy second, Senator Penrose
third. Time, 1:10! v
Six furlongs. liiu won, Annie Teuton sec
ond, Styx third. Time, 1 :23.
SA CRAM EN TO'S SENS A7l ON.
Roundabout Charges of Fraud Against
County Offic.a s Denied by Their
Supposed Author.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. s.— William
Curtis, Supervisor of Sacramento County,
has openly asserted, it is claimed, that
George 11, Clark, Coroner of Sacramento
County, had ir.formed nim that it had cost
him (Clark) $1500 to procure the appoint
ment to till the unexpirecl term of Coroner,
made vacant by the death of the former
incumbent, and that this money had been
paid to the members of the Board of
Supervisors.
This statement was brought forth, it is
said, in a tit of pique because the other
members of the board hail seen lit to
differ with Curtis as to certain boun
daries of an outlying school district,
and was in answer to a jest on tho subject
of alleged bribery of certain members of
the board, as published some time ago in
the Sunday News.
This alleged charge against Clark, who
is one of the best-known and most popu
lar young men in Sacramento City and
County, has caused a furore of excite
ment. Wtien interviewed on the subject
Clnrtc said :
"Why, I never told Mr. Curtis such a
thing in my life; I never made such a
statement to any persou. I aid not pay
any person any money,'}
Ex-Supervisor Todd, who, it is claimed,
is charged with receiving thi? $1500, said:
"There is absolutely uot one word of
truth in this assertion of Supervisor
Curtis' as far as I am concerned, and I can
account for his making any such state
ment, if he has done s-o, only by saying
that I Tear he has become mentally inca
pacitated. While Supervisor of Sacramento
County 1 favored many persons in pro
curing positions, but I can truthfully de
clare that I was never the recipi- nt of a
cent from any of them, and I am positive
that every person who was appointed by
our board will so declare on oath."
CONFLAGRATION AT CARSON.
Explosion of Gasoline in the State Print
ing Office Starts a Disastrous
Blazs.
CARSON, NEV.,Feb. s—An5 — An explosion in
the State Printing Office this morning
nearly wrecked the interior of the build
in? and caused a cessation of work for sev
eral days.
The explosion occurred in what is known
as the carbonator of the engine. Instantly
t lie interior of the pressroom wa\a sheet
of flame. The oil ignited and spread over
the walls and ceiling and the liquid fire
seem oil to go into every conceivable place.
The xorce of the explosion sent the doors
and windows outward and the heat warped
and melted the type that was uppermost
in same of the cases in the composing
room.
The flames adhered to the edges of the
bundles of fine paper stored in the press
room, and everything of that nature was
charred. The carbonator whs a wreck,
and also the electric apparatus which sup
plied the spark for the engine.
The engine was sadly injured. The
rollers of me presses were melted so as to
be useless, but the presses did not seem to
be seriously injured.
After the explosion took place the heat
for a few moments was almost suffocat
ing, and but tor the fact that the doors
and windows were blown out the printers
would have been asphyxiated.
All made a wild plunge lor the shortest
way out, and for a while the greatest con
fusion prevailed. James Huling, who was
near the engine, had his hands badly
burned, but is not otherwise injured.
y.rnnh.ii XEaK LEWIBTOH.
John Leri, the Xoted Indian Gambler,
A/mC from .-'ml/«ift.
LEWISTON, Idaho, Feb. s.— John Levi,
the noted Nez Perce Indian proprietor of
•'Levi's Hell." an Indian gambling re
port, while returning to Lapwai from this
city last nifcht was snot by some one who
evidently lay in ambush for him.
Levi sv;i.« killed. His body was found
this morninz. Lovi had at quired great
wealth, largely at the expense of his tribe.
He was recently engaged in an attempted
"hold-up," in which one Jones, a member
of hi- tribe, was badly wounded with a
knilo by Levi. The latter was under $100
bonds to at>pear to-day on a charge of
highway robl cry. He was the most feared
man on the re-ervation.
Aeir Hloclc for !*an lUrqn.
SAN DIFGO, Cal, Feb. s.— Excavation
was beeuti to-day for the site of a three
«tory brick block, 75 by 100 feet, to cost
1500,000, to he erected immediately on the
corner of Fifth and A streets, this city, by
Hubert Howe Bancroft of San Francisco
and San Diego.
Kltlnor* loin A,,ni,,it Ttonrif.
RIVERSIDE, Cal., Feb. 5.— Elsinore
voted hi ainst the municipal water bonds
of $20,000 yesterday. There were only
fifteen votes for tbe bonds.
Don't waste a minute In eases of Croup. Give
Dr. D. Jayne's expectorant, and repeat at frequent
intervals until relief comes, or the doctor. It's an
almost infallible cure.
Cure wind- pal us with Jayne's Sanative Pilla.
THE SAX ' FRAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 6, IS9T.
INVITES ARREST
AND GOES TO JAIL
John Case Imprisoned at
Roseburg for Train
Robbery.
Suspected of Complicity in the
ReceDt Southern Pacific
Hold-Up
"If at Any Time I Am Wan ci I Can
Ec Found," He Had F cjtiously
Written.
PORTLAND. Or., Feb. s.— John Case,
arrested for the Cow Creek train robbery
of June, 1895, and acquitted, took umbrage
at his name being connected with last
week's "bo!d-up" on the Southern Pacific
near Roseburg. He felt that an injustice
had been done him, and so declared him
self in a communication. At the same
time there was hanging over nis head an
indictment found by the late Grand Jury
of Douelas County, charging him with
having been a party to the Cow Creek
robbery and calling for his arrest. This
indictment in no way conflicted with the
trial and acquittal of Case before the
United States authorities. The Govern
ment wanted him only for robbing the
mails; the State indictment charged him
with robbing a train.
Case knew of this Grand Jury indict
ment and his liability to arrest, but he
felt himself innocent of the Sheridan farm
affair of last week and could not restrain
himself from the temptation to issue a
"deti" to those who by innuendo had ac
cused him. So, providing himself with
paper, pen and ink, he wrote of the injos
tice done him, concluding his communi
cation from Salem with the words:
"If at any lime I am wanted I can be
found."
Yesterday afternoon Sheriff Agee of
Douglas County and a deputy appeared in
Salem. Case was true to his word and
was easily found, making no effort to
escape the officer?. He was taken south
on last night s train and lodged in the
County Jail at Roseburg.
It is the general opinion that while the
indictment found by the Douglas County
Grand Jury may yet prove to be the basis
of prosecution against Case, the officers in
reality believe they will be able to prove
his complicity in last week's robbery, and
for that reason wish to have him on hand
when wanted, despite his assurance of be
ing always where he could be found.
NEWS OF SAN JOSE.
Important Ruling Affecting County Clerk's
Fees— Officer Accused of Rcb-
bmg Chinese.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. s.— An important
ruling was made by Judge Lorigan this
morninc in regard to the cost of filing a
second appraisement of the estate of a de
ceased person, the court holding that only
the usual filing fee of 15 cents can be col
lected. The case before the court was the
application of John EL Anzerais. admin
istrator of the estate of E louard A. Au
zerais, deceased, for a writ of mandate to
compel County Clerk Ptister to -iiie a sec
ond inventory of the estate for the usual
filing fee.
E. L. Auzerais, who was formerly exec
utor of the E. A. Auzerais estate, filed an
appraisement, paying the County Clerk
$G9l. The executor died, and John E.
Auzerais was appointed executor. It was
necessary to file a second appraisement,
but the County Clerk refnsei to receive
the appraisement unless $f>(J6 in fees was
paid. The Auzerais estate is valued at
over $600,000.
In deciding the question Judge Lorigan
said that the Legislature had fixed the
means of raising revenues in the adminis
tration of estates on the line of taxation
of inheritances, and in fixing a fee of $3
for the first $1000 and $1 for each addi
tional $1000 valuation upon the tiling oi
an inventory it was the evident intent to
fix that rate for tiie purpose of compen
sating public officials for all services ren
dered in connection with the administra
tion of the estate, and that when once the
fee had been paid it could not be col
lected again.
.ircfst.it B\ < ins i si;
Deputy Conmtttblm C'harj'd With Boldly
t.aercnted liurgltiry.
SAN JOSE, Cal , Feb. s.— Louie Chang
Lanr, the proprietor of a Chinese employ
ment office on Orchard street, near El
Dorado, to-day swore to a complaint be
fore Jastice Gass, charging Charles Bran
son, a deputy constable, with burglary.
He says tnat about 2 o'clock this morning
Branson broke in the door of the China
man's house, and, after bandcuhing two
of the inmates together, ribbed them of
$5 and $10, respectively. He also com
pelled Louie Lung to open a drawer, from
which he took a box containing about $6.
The Chinese claim that once before Bran
son entered the houseand compelled tern
to pay tribute under threat of arreet. Sev
eral police officers arrived on the scene
during the trouble, and saw Branson take
the box containing the money. The ac
cused had been drinking.
Xot the Campbell Murderer.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. s.— Sheriff Lyn
don to-day received a picture and de
scription of M. M. Jones, the Dunham
suspect arrested at Deer Lodge, Mont., on
February 1. The likeness does not re
semble Dunham in the least. The man is
about 28 years of ace. His height is
given at 5 feet 10% inches and his weight
at I<!7 pounds. tLe will be ordered re
leaseJ.
J-.iJ.if:o VA.I,I.KX INSTITUTE.
Farmer* Addrtnttud »y State Cnivmlty
WATSONVILLE. Cal., Feb. s.— The
meeting of the first Pajaro Valley Farm
ers' Institute, under thr auspices of the
Pajaro Valley Fruit Exchange, began this
afternoon. Professors &J. Wickson and
M. E. Jaffa of the State University con
ducted the proceedings.
The following topics wero treated dur
ing the afternoon: '-The Relation of
University to Farmers," by E. F. Ailams;
"Sugar Beet and Fugar-beet Culture." dv
P. W. Morse of the Western Beet sugar
Company. Wuisonviile; "Rational Feed
ing of Man and Beast," by Professor M. E.
Jaffa. Marsden Man son, chairman of the
State Highway Bureau, will address the
institute during the session.
The programme tnis evenine! included
an address on "Floriculture in California"
by Professor E. J. Wickson. and a paper
on "Floriculture," prepared by W. A.
Silliman and read by Mrs. M. A. White
of Watsonville.
Fi*h Cntchrm at nontrrrii-
MONTEREY, Cal., Feb. s.— This was a
red-letter day for the fishermen. The
largest catch of tunny (giant mackerel)
ever made in one day in Monterey Bay
was made to-day. Seveu of this species
were caught and shipped to San Fran
cisco. Their aggregate weight was 14«0
pounds. Besides tnis, a four-horse wagon
load of fish locally known as "yellow
tails," belonging to the salmon family,
was brought in from Carmel Bay and
shipped to the San Francisco market.
Catches of salmon, sardines and mackerel
were also made.
VALLEJG'S HOME FOR ORPHANS.
nGroundless Report That the Good Ter-
plars Were About to Close
the Retreat.
VALLEJO, Cat,., Feb. 5.— A lone com
munication appeared in a local paper yes
terday, commenting in derogatory terms
on the management of the Good Tem
plars' Home for Orphans, and intimating
that owing to mismanagement the home
was likely to be abandoned for the want
of sufficient aid to carry it on.
As nearly as can be learned, neither the
trustees of the home nor the Good Tem
plars have ever entertained the idea of
closing the retreat. While funds are not
as plentiful as they have been in times
past, the management is living within its
income, and intends so to remain. Cer
tain repairs are needed, but it is not tne
desire or aim of the trustees to incur ad
ditional indebtedness. Plans have been
talked over at various time* as to the best
means of raising fands in addition to the
sum given by the State and various lodges
to carry on tne work.
There is no doubt that during the com
ing year some plan wilt be devised to raise
money aud to bring the home into more
prominence, so that the liberal people of
the State will make such provisions for en
dowments as will enable the Good Tem
plars to add to the good they are accom
plishing.
JtIVEItSIDB WATEK RATES.
County Supervisor* Order Heavy He-
duct inn » in Two lUntrirtt.
RIVERSIDE, Cal., Feb. s.— An impor
tant move to land-owners of the Moreno
and Alessaudro Irrigation districts was
made to-day by the Board of Supervisors.
After listening to evidence for two days
upon a petition of the land-owners in
those districts for a reduction of water
rates, the board fixed the figure at 1G cents
an mcli instead of 35 cents, which has
been charged by the receiver of the Bear
Valley Cjmpany for two seasons past.
Since the receiver fixed the rate at 35 cents
nearly 1000 acres of trees and vines were
abandoned by the owners, as the rate was
prohibitory. A 16-cent rate will give new
hope to the land and orchard owners in
the districts, and the result will be bene
ficial to this county.
It is believed the Bear Valley Company
will carry ihc matter into the courts, but
the residents of the district do not antici
pate that any modification of the new rate
will be ordered.
HAM MOM AT RIVERSIDE.
Inmt\<jat\r\(i 7>«ri>»« for Protection of
Orove» -ij7»i'»i«f J ' rost.
RIVERSIDE, Oal., Feb. s.— Professor
Hammon, United States Signal Service
Officer for California, has been here for a
couple of days investigating various de
vices for protection against frost in use
here, and to gather data w.th a view to a
study of the problem of frost protection
for the orange groves of Southern Califor
nia. He addressed a meeting of oraiiee
growera on the subject last night.
Professor Hammon, while admitting
that experience may prove the use of fires
to be benericial, counseled the free use of
water. His advice was to keep oranee
lands weli wet during the season when
frost might be expected. He stated that
efforts were being made to nave one or
more observation staiions established in
California or Arizona, as they were creatly
needed to assist in the *ork of the bureau
of wnich he is the head.
XAIiKSI' Ult t> TJSRTAJXJUtSX T.
"liar A limes tmofcer" Arranged to
Swell a Good /toad* fund,
LARKSPUR, Cal., Feb. 5.— A novel
means of raising money to defray the ex
penses of a movement instituted for good
roads in Marin County, has been devised
by the executive committee of the .Marin
Development Association. it is an en
tertainment which will be held in Sausa
lito on Saturday evening, February 20,
and styled a "Hard Times Good Roads
Smoker." There is no charge in the shape
of an admission fee levied upon the ora
tors, but no guest will be allow d to bring
his own cigars or pipe. These must be
purchased and the profits go toward the
good roads movement. A further stipu
lation is to the effect that every one com
ing to the smoker in a dress suit or a silk
hat will be arrested by the sergeant-at
arms and promptly put out. Songs, reci
tations, story-telling and jigs will form
the entertainment.
AUHEBTKI* AT MILLBRAK.
Thomnt Siddall Accused by Ilia Wife of
liarinrj I', iitmni Her.
REDWOOD CITY. Ca^, Feb. 5. —
Thomas Siddall, a young Englishman wl.o
has been living for some time past at
Millbrae, in this county, was arrested this
afternoon on ar. insanity charge. The re
lations betwesti himself and his wife have
not been too friendly since their marriage.
Their differences cv initiated to-day in
what may prove to have been a very seri
ous affair. He is accused of having at
tempted to poison her. She is very sick,
and the doctors pronounce her case one of
poisoning. The woman may die. Siadall
is in the county jail at this place.
It O MAX CH OF JBJAFOHD.
Breach of Promise "uit Brought by a
MomrtM linrh'r.
HANFORD, Cal., Feb. 5.— A breach of
promise suit was begun bere to-day by
Christine Adams, a grass widow who
earns her living as a barber. The defend
ant is an old widower, Samuel Page.
She has sued him for $15,000 damages
because he promised to marry her and
then jilted her. His answer is that Bhe is
a bad woman morally. Pae« is 66 years
old, and well-to-do. Mrs. Adams is 44.
Mnttry for San JH'/fo Official:
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Feb. s.— Afcer a
fight cf two years and more the Board of
Supervisors and County Surveyor Vail
came to an understanding to-day by
wiich the county pays Vail $1250 in set
tlement of all suits and judgments now
pending apainst the county, and further
agrees to pay the Surveyor his $10 per
diem and allow him $80 per month for
one deputy only. The suits have ail been
over the question of deputies, the Sur
veyor cla-minj: his assistants were all en
title.! to receive $10 per diem as well at
himself.
San liafarl Far<-cln*ure Suit. _T
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., Feb. s.— Suit has
been commenced in the Superior Court of
Mariß County by the Sausalito Mutual
Ixrnn Association against John E. Slinxey
and John Dem to recover $1200, and
against Pierre Fortier for $450, alleged to
be tiue on real estate mortgage*. Slinkey
is the proprietor of Ei Monte Hotei,
against which suit, was commenced some
time ago for foreclosure.
Hill M*el at L.OB Galon.
LOSGATOS, Cal., Feb. s.— The annual
■pring convocation of the Episcopal
clergy of San Jose and vicinity will be
held here on Tuesday and Wednesday,
February 9 and 10. f Here will be a mis
sionary service Tuesday evening and on
Wednesday morning a holy communion
service. The sessions will close with a
business meeting in the afternoon.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
STOCKTON MAY
BE INUNDATED
Rising Streams Threaten
to Flood Portions of
the City.
Residents of Lowland Districts
Preparing for a Hasty-
Departure.
Levees on Mormon Channel Give
Way and Water Sweeps
Over Rinches
STOCKTON, Cal. Feb. s.— There is
every prospect of a Hood here before mom
ing. Householders in the districts that
were flooded three y«ars ago are preparing
for the waters that are presumed to be
coining down from the east, and every one
ie on the gui vive. East of here the coun
try is all under water. At Linden, near
the Mormon Channel, the water has not
been as hiirh in years, and all the old resi
dents say that a flDod at Stockton is in
evitable.
The only thing that will save the greater
part of the city and the residence portion
in the northern part of town is that the
levee* on the south bank of Mormon
Channel enst of here have broken in many
places, letting the rushing waters over the
fields south. The north bank nas thus far
resisted the onslaught of the currents and
driftwood, thus turning the freshet off
from the lands over which it would nat
urally bave flowed on to and over the
eastern and nortueastern part of town.
Much damage from back water is an
ticipated, as the many streams emptying
into Stockton channel have filled it so full
that the water cannot run off fast enongh
into the San Joaquin River, three miles
away. Just beyond the junction of these
streams is a narrow place in the river,
with nigh levees on both sides, and when
the waters strike this they pile up and
back onto Stockton.
On the north side of Stockton channel
the water is now even with t>ie top of the
wharf, and on the water front on the
south side it is over the wharf near the
sheds of the California Navigation and
Improvement Company. It is rising in
the channel slowly but surely, and every
one uere expects to see it over the per
manent bulkhead by morning. Between
Linden and Bellota, ease of here, the
country is covered by water.
Aayia'* Heavu Rainfall.
NAPA, Cal., Feb. s.— Heavy showers
last night Mid to-day raised the river
several feet, causing it to overflow the
banks in the lowlands north of town. No
damage has been done. The rainfall for
the season is 19.120 inches.
SEEN ON THE YUM A DESERT.
Architect Missing from Los Angeles Found
J urneymg Across the Dreary
Waste.
LOS ANGELES. Cal., Feb. s.— Preston
& McKenzie, architects, with an office in
the Edgar block on Broadway, have dis
solved partnership in a most unusual
manner.
About tne middle of January last the
paitners, happening to meet upon the
street, stopped and chatted upon some
matters of business.
McKenzie, turning suddenly to his busi
neso associate, said: "Preston, good-by,
oid boy, be good to yourself," and walked
briskly away.
Preston returned to his office and ad
dressed himself to his business.
Night came, but no McKenzie. Other
days and nights came and went and still
no word from the absent partner. Preston,
for some unknown reason, made no ado
about the absence of his former associate
except to rnrke offhand inquiries as to
whether or not his friends had seen Mc-
Kenzie anywhere.
An acquaintance of Preston arrived to
day from Yuma, and reported to the de
serted partner that he had seen McKenzie
on the desert some miles south of Yuma,
in company with Harry and Flora Kreit
zer, brother and sister, all on the hurri
cane deck of a buckboard drawn by a pair
of mules.
The party told the prospector that they
were bound for the City of Mexico. They
were in a dilapidated condition and
almost without food and water.
The erratic conduct of McKenzie in
leaving here in the manner described has
no reasonable explanation so far as Pres
ton can ascertain.
He was a man of excellent habits and
good family connection. His friends,
who were for the first time told of his long
absence and the plight iie was found in on
the desert, expressed profound astonish
ment at the information.
Lnndilide at Z/imo Point.
SAUSALITO, Cal, Feb. s.— Captain B.
Holzbuter, in charge of the Lime Foint
Reservation, to-day reported a large land
slide, caused by the recent rains, on the
point near the fog station. Tons of earth
was loosened. While it will tase consid
erable time to remove the debris, no dam
age of any amount was done.
ENGLAND'S EGYPTIAN POLICY.
Sir Michael Hicks-Beach Makes a Boasi-
ful Statement and Is Rebuked by
Liberal Leaders.
LONDON, Eng., Feb. s.— ln the Honse
of Commons to-day Sir Michael Hicks-
Beach, Chancellor of the Exchequer, an
nounced that a further advance of Egyp
tian troops would be made toward Khar
toum next season.
At regarding the action of the Egyptian
tribunals Sir Michael Hicks- Beach said
that Greai Britain would not be worried
from her policy when her mind was made
op.
He then proceeded to move a resolution
eranting the Bum of £798,000 to meet the
total cost of the Anglo-Egyptian expedi
tion to Dongola, including the main
tenance oi the garrisons at Suukim and
elsewhere in the Soudan and the Iniian
troops in Egypt, which Great Britain
would pay.
The action of the mixed Court of Ap
peals in upsetting the judgment of the
Egyptian-Soudnn Commission in regard
to setting aside certain Egyptian funds
toward the expense of the Dongola expe
dition, he said, was calculated to prolong
British occupation of Egypt.
Great Britain had advanced the money
to pay Egypt's share of the expenses,
leaving Great Britain and Egypt to mutu
ally decide when the sum should be
repaid.
Right Hon. John Morley (Liberal) said
that the remarks of the Chancellor of the
Exchequer amounted to a challenge to
France and Russia to take issue with
Great Britain in the latter's Egyptian
policy.
In view of the sensitive condition of Eu
rope at the present time he declared that
nothing more rnsh could be uttered.
Sir Charles Dilke, Liberal, denounced
the Egyptian policy of the Government.
I>KSPX.RATE FIG H TIM G IX CRETE.
StutMuiman* Set fire to Cnnea and the
Place If -Vetr iiurnina-
LONDON, Eng.. Feb. 5.— A dispatch to
the Central News from Athens says that
desperate righting has occurred between
the Christians and Mohammedans in the
island of Crete. The Mussulmans have
set fire to the city of Canea and the place
is now burning. The city is in a state of
anarchy and a Christian is safe nowhere.
Many Christians who had locked them
selvpg in their houses were driven out by
the flames only to meet deirh at the hands
of the Turkish soldier?, who shot them
down on sight. A number of Christians
have succeeded in rinding refuge on the
warships In the harbor, but the out
look for those still in the city is very pre
carious. The situation is so critical that
marines have been landed from the Brit
ish and French warships to protect the ;
consulates of their respective Govern
ments.
A later dispatch to the Central News
S9ys that the Christian houses in Canea
have almost all been destroyed.
The dispatch further says that fully 300
persons have been killed in Canea. Many
of them lost their lives wniie attempting
to reach the warships. The various re
ports indicate that in the first instance
the Christians wera fully as much to
blame as the Mussulmans.
The Athens correspondent of the Daily
News says that the Consuls have arrived
at Canea, and have sent messages declar
ing that the situation is hopeless. He
adds that the most intense excitement
prevails in Athens.
M. de la Ynannis, Prime Minister, an
nounced to the Chamber to-day that the
Government, at the instigation of the
King, had ordered two warships to pro
ceed to Canea immediately, and that other
warships would follow them. The state
ment was received with the wildest en
thusiasm and cheers for the union of
Grpec» and Crete.
Sir William Harcourt, tbe leader of the
Liberals, expressed regret at the unwise
language and gratuitous insults to the
powers which characterized the remarks
oi Sir Michael H cks- Beach.
George S. Cnrzon, Un Jer For^isfn Secre
tary, sought to minimize the effect of Sir
Michael's language and denied that it wr.s
in any way intended as a menace to
France.
Sir Henry M. Stanley, the African ex
plorer, Unionist member for North Lam
beth, said that Great Britain was only do
ing in Egypt what Russia was doing in
Siberia and France was doing Detween the
Senegßl and the Niger River in Africa.
After some further discussion tbe reso
lution submitted by Sir Michael Hick=-
Beach was adopted by a vote of 169 to 57.
In the lobby, of the House t ere was
much comment upon the anti-French
tone of Sir Michael HicKs-Beach, anrt sur
prise was expressed by a number of mem
bers that he should have spoken as he did.
Tbe speech was thought to have such
significance that the full text was tele
graphed to Paris this evening.
UOUStMAX K*KEBB> APPEAL.
Veterinary Erperi* T)\ffnr at to thtt Aye
of the Mare Bethel.
BERLIN, Germany, Feb. s.— The hear
ing in tbe appeal of Robert T. Kneebs,
American troiting-horse owner, against
the judgment of the courts condemning
him to nine months' imprisonment for
entering a "ringer" on the German tracks,
was continued to-day when the taking ol
expert testimony was resumed. Veter
inary Experts Mills and Klinger differed
with Professor Eggeling, who had pro
duced a plaster cast of the jaw of the
mare Bethel in support of his contention
that the mare examined in America, al
leged to have been Bethel, was not as oid
as Bethel wou!d have been.
Herr Klinger maintained that it was im
possible to declare the age of the horse by
an examination of the cast of the jaw
produced by Professor Eegeling. which
conld be that of v hoise born in 1886.
At about halt- past ten o'clock to-night
the court adjudged thut Ktieebs had been
guilty of fraud. He w:is sentenced to j
nine months' imprisonment, of which i
term seven months in which Kne«-bs hr.s
been in custody shall be considered part
of the sentence. Kneeus was also fined
1000 marks, and condemned to lose his
civil rights for two years. Kneebs re
serves the right to appeal from the de
cision.
Mr.nitnhn School (Jurxtion.
LONDON, Eng., Feb. s.— The Tablet,
the chief Catholic organ of Great Britain,
owned and managed by Cardinal Vaughan,
publishes an article to-day upon the Mani
toba school question in which it says:
"Hon. Edward D. Biake's opinion is a
sad disappointment. It is not clear that
the best method ior the Catholics is to
support Premier Laurier in irying to
carry negotiations to a succetsiul con
clusion."
The Tablet advocates the appointment
of an apostolic delegate to Canada, who
might be able to focus Catholic opinion \o
formulate a Catholic united demand and
so effect a settlement of the difficulty.
j« Pro/V»j«or»/iin /or Oln*y.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. s.—Presi
dent Eliot of Harvard University, has
offered Secretary Oiu-ey the international
law professorship of that university, and
the Secretary has the matter under con
sideration.
Mini tti Concert.
The second series of BRcon-Minetti concerts
opens this afternoon at the Association Audi
torium. Miss Daisy Cohn will be the vocalis;.
'KEW TO-DAY.
THE BRITISH ARMY.
Obtains Coffee .Direct From the Planta-
tions.
The British Government formerly
bought the coffee intended for the armv
direct from the coffee plantations in Java,
and the term 'Old Gov't Java" is familiar
to all.
Mr. P. M. Hanney, now manager of the
grocery department of the great house of
Siegel, Cooper & Co., Chicago, was located j
In Java for about nine years, purchasing j
coffee for her Majesty's troops, and his |
ability to judge of the quality and flavor
of coffee will hardly be questioned
Experts of Tea. Coff-e, Tobacco and
Whiskey are not always free users of the
article they judce so keenly of. Indeed
the reverse is frequently true
In Mr. i 1 **" 15 3 family, Postum, the
health coffee made by the Postum Cereal i
Co., Lira, of Battle Creek, Mich., is used !
In place of c .ffee. The immediate cause
being that tne wife had trouble in digest-
ing coffee, and Mr. H— . knowing that t = .<•
grain beverage which looks so much like j
coffee and which fits the coffee drinkers >
taste was a pure and nourishing drink, ■
introduced it to his own family with the
result that the old ailments which were
directly attributable to c ffee-drinkin^
nave materially disappeared.
Proper adjustment of food and drink
means good bodies, clear minds and the
ability to push to the front and make a
success of life, while those who insi t upon
usme such dietary articles as they know
check digestion and impair the health,
will lag in the race for prosperity. Tne
law of the survival of the finest is plainly
marked. *
"Just as good" as Postum Cereal are
words used to defraud the public.
tl fkllHll tno .^3TOfc». rrra«v n ra m
3? e . pni wseatJal extract' from the natlro dru* Con-
tain, an the valuable medicinal properties of OniMm
•wltnout <t« noxious element*. No sickness \rt /fnm« 2?
no Tomlt , no costWene*. ; no hw^hTAU^S
THE ADVANCE
AGENT OF HEALTH
RnSw iliE ffijfSu
n^^w!illD&llt£B«lK6rafiilSf*9B9l
Miniature Fac'gimilo.
rsQ^CANCERS
JtJ i^^^^P^— yo KSIFE! OB PAI3!
Xo Pay Till Cured!!!
<35':^?\i "'■' fiO pase 'look fref wit il
\\ ouderful C" :r»3 - w o r s't
v !l**^Jv I laces-Women'! Breasts
ani Men's Lips,
I S. B. CH ASI LET. M.D.
ft O Jm. .jy/l Oflitf . 71'JMarketSt.
ii-^ ■* $aa Fnncbce.
Send to Someone with Cancer
„
I GREAT §
f % G \j# I
I OP"THE AGE !
is pr in 1
S Vihich is an external and internal 9
II remedy without an equal. . X
• NOT A HEW PREPARAIIOI BUT ONE §
!! THAT HAS STOOD THEM OF OVER !
I. A QUARTER OF A GEfiTSRY. |
6 . ©
\\ Thousands of pemons all ♦
| over the United States g
;; gratefully praise Dr. Mar- ?
1 tin's Pain Cnrer and are g
| never without it. |
9 5
i > The Curer is free from all laborious 4
5 and poisonous properties, and is en- ' I
( | tiroly table in its composiaon. It j [
* ' tones up and strengthens the system, < >
J purifies the blood; expels bad matter * '
0 from the organs of the body generally, | |
§ promotes digestion, regulates the appe- <>
, tito and secures a healthy state of the V
(I system and its various functions. Taken ] \
♦ occasionally as a preventive of disease, * •
J it keeps the mind cheerful and happy < '
a by promoting healthfal action of the < [
$ skin, heart, lungs, stomach, pancreas, < •
, bowels, lirer, kidneys, bladder, spleen, ' '
4 I spinal cc**.:an, and the whole nervous 4 |
* ' system. It is aleo especially always ■< • •
<* WOMAN'S FRIEND, and is unequaled * '
I FOR TBE PREf EHTION HMD CORE |
i —OF— i
( ) Rheumatism, Neurtilgia, Fains In 2
*> .General, Bowel Complaints, IJys- 4 .
Y pepsia, l)y«eui«rT, Cholera Mor- < >
§ bus, Diphtheria, Sore Throat, J J
O Pneumonia, I>iat>etr«R, Nerroui <>
9 Complaints, Disease »f the Stoin- i '
( ) acli and Bowels Oener»lly, Liver j '.
* * Complaints, Kidney Complaints, < >
§ Sclntics, Lumbago, Colds, Coughs, (> .
(I Local and General Debility, Head- J'
g ache, Karache, Toothache. Sick- 4 >
X ness in Stomach. Backache, Barns, 4 1
Q Swellings, Bolls, Sores, Ulcers, j J
$ Colic, ramps, Sprains, Bruises, <k
X Scalds, Wounds, Costiveness, In- 0
Q digestiom, Skin Diseases, £zce»- A
X sive Itohings and many other 4 •
1 , complaints too numerous to name 9
< I here. In a word, the great Pain q
S Curer of the Age is an unequaled O
2 family remedy. ''/'■•' 9
I 1 '
2 Price: 25c, 50c, $1.00 per Bottle, ?
. »
A L. CALLISCH, Wholesale Agent for X
a tbe Pacific Coast, San Jose, Cal. X
© A
«. For sale by all druguists. The trade S
? supplied by Redington & Co., Mack X
$ & Co. and Langley & Michaels. San tV
O Fraucisco. -en
X ■ .--:-••'. : :- : ">5;
e»a»c»c»o»o »n« o«9«3«8«eo<ND
<><>O-CK>OOO<H>O-CK>
AN EXCELLENT
71117 A T Properly prepared and
lvli^iA\ I . promptly sarved, can
■ 1 -'- t — d>l *■■*—' always be obtained in
THE GRILL ROOM OF THE
Decidedly the T-"* AT A •"^T"'
Most Popular PA :A I H
Dining Apart- X ilJLcil\-«iu •
men t in town, b,,,,^ 1J u. m^. ; .. 11 . .^..^ j -
<><>o<><><>o<K>-o<H><>
jf' S! >S*n!!t Isls *5 ix » -poisonous
«^C^Sfi«3 Sl *~~'^NSa remedy for Gonorrhoea,
iswiy ti;i£i;E>Sa3 Gleet, S/erauitorrliwc,
Sjßjff in 1 w s I'ys.TJl Whites, unnatural dJ3-
£•!?££/ Gnarictred w charges, or any inflamma-
j*| c»t to itrieinre. tion, irritation or nlcera-
eSS r evenu contagion. tion of mucous mem-
E«WrHEEYJINSCHEMICuCo. br anes. Non-astringen'.
«SAc:nc!nnati,cSß I Solrt &7 Bra « 5 | * -
0. S. a X*4 ? Berit in lain wr-pp«-
•^^wi»ft»r^ >ana by express, prepaid, t^e
'^"'MBffl^'M $1.00, or 3 bottles, ?2.7\
B Circuiar seat or. — ' itxis?. '
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEAKXY AND WASni.VCTON STB.—
modeled and renovated. KINU. W AKD at CO.
European plan. . Kooms 5Uc to $1 59 per day, ii
to is per week, $8 to SAO par moam: fro« i?acaj-
hot and cola waior over/ room: lira r> [ M u*
i every room: «-levaior runj UUaiitai .'•
Weak Men and Women
OHOULDUSE DAMIANA BITTERS TH K
Btrength to the Sexual Or^an*. a *"*SEWERS CHOKED
BY STORM-WATER
Engine 29 Rendered Useless
in Case of Fire in the
Vicinity.
City-Front Cellars Flooded and
Considerable Property
Damaged.
Tin Street Superintendent's Office
Furnishes N > Data of the Con
dition of the City.
The result of the present heavy and
. -constant rain has made engine 29, sta
„, tioned at Bryant and Eleventh streets,
useless in case it should be required to
roll out to an alarm. This disability is
• owing to the bad condition of the streets
in the immediate vicinity of the engine
'• house. The point where those two streets
cross each other is met by the converging
line of the railroad track of the Southern
• Pacific .Company, which is blocked by
fTeightcars, sidetracked, leaving a pas
sageway across the track an impossibility.
■' To get out of the engine-house with a
= y.hree-ton load means to pet stuck in the
. ihoies within a few yards of the door
"7 way and there remain until jackscrewed
1 out, as horsepower would be unavailing.
U'nis is only one sample, however, of the
condition of some of the streets in that
ponion of the City since the present down
pour commenced.
Along the lower portion of the City on
Davis, Front, Drumm and the intersect
ing streets, cellars have been Hooded and
considerable damage done to goods stored
therein.
. " On the northwest corner of Clay and
Drumm streets the sewer culvert became
choked, causing the rush of water to back
up and flood the street and sidewalks.
To save the cellars irom becoming flooded
pumps had to be rigged to draw the water
off. -
The sewer on Douglas and Diamond at
Twenty-four h street got stopped and the
f usb of water from the adjacent heights
running in a torrent into the sewer caused
a water spout to ascend fully twe;ve feet
in height, which attracted considerable
attention trom the persons residing in
the vicinity.
The low. section at North Beach has
also suffered from choked sewera and
broken cuiverts and manholes.
To obtain anything like an exact ac
count uf the damaged condition of the
streets, sewers and culveris would entail a
force of men and a thorough examination
ol the entire streets oi the City. Hereto
fore a book was kept in the office of the
Superintendent of Streets, in which ail
lOinpiainls oi damaged streets, sewersand
culverts were entered for the information
of the jublic, who are required to foot the
bills. But under the present administra
tion r.o such information is obtainable.
Inquiry at tbat office by a Call repre
f-encauve yesterday was met witn a blank
Jook. After a delay of several minutes a
man saluted as "Tim" made bis appear
ance from an inner office and frankiygave
t he information that no such book hat!
been kept. When complaints came in
they were banded to the outside deputies,
ii:»-! t;iat was all there was about it.
l/nder those circumstances the public
i an i the taxpayers may patiently wait
k t!;ev pay their taxes for street iin
-1 : ovements without knowing for what
:^ey are taxed.
SELMA WAIF ON A DOORSTEP.
Pastor Baugh Finds a Wailing Infant
Locked in a Valise Before His
Door.
FRESNO, Cal., Feb. 5 —Rev. G. Baugh,
the pastor of the South Methodiit Church
a: Bel ma, found an unknown babe on his
front j.orch this morning. It is about
tnr.ee weeks old, healthy and vigorous.
The babe was snugly tucked into a valise
among its clothing, and did not suffer in
tbe. lea:-t from the cold. Ihe valise was
locked, but a hole had been cut ttirough
the iop of it to admit air to the little one.
Rev. Mr. Bauch was attracted to the
babe by its muffled cries and his surprise
kiT'w no bound«. He has an extensive
fnmily already, and says he has no desire
for any linen ected acquisitions. He does
hot intend «.o keep the foundling, and will
turn it over to the County Orphanage.
Constable Spencer of S»lrna believes that
" hp knows who the unnatural parent- are.
He communicated with D. strict Attorney
Snow to-day, and was instructed to insti
tute, the prosecution of tbe guilty persons.
ft is supposed that the parents are poor
and considered it a burden to raise the
t h lid. They conceived the idea of impos
ing upon the philanthropic pastor, but be
believes he has enough en his hands.
WAXTEU AT MOHESIO.
Ranch Employe Zi'ares With a. Fellow-
Laborer*' Wage*.
MOD-ESTO, Cal., Feb. Officers of th's
place are now looking for a man named
Warn for absconding from here with
money belonging to others. O. McHenry,
. a local banker, conducts a large fruit and
: grain ranch north of Modesto. When pay
•*\J a comes he pays the men employed by
'm m -vith checks. Yesterday a number of
Jr.' men save Frank Warn, a fellow
'iabprer, tbeir checks to cash for tnem
.when he came to town. The checks were
made payable to bearer. He cashed them,
• receiving about $100. and men skipped.
This morninp; the men discovered their
loss and flight the aid of the officers.
Thu3 far Warn and money have not b. en
:'- located t
niLL he T.iKt:x to salivas.
Toung Swindler Serve* On* Sentence and
tlam not her In Virw.
■'. -MODESTO, Cal., Feb. s.— Harry Hardy,
a young Englishman who pretended to be
the secretary of the English Consul at San
■Franciico and upon his pretensions pull.'d
the people of this piace, Santa Kosa. Santa
Grtiz, Martinez and several other places in
different sums, and wno was finally ar
rested i y local oiheers, was to-day released
1 from ninety days in jail. Upon his re
; lca-e Officer Allen of Salinas arrested him
upon a charge of obtaining mo^ey and
■goods under ialse pretenses and will take
him to Salinas to-morrow. *'V -
•
liTASIALAUA IttJtIGATIOy.
Puncher Hatter Sow J'arorn Early Com
ptrtitn of the System.
MODESTO, Cal., Feb. s.— Considerable
comment, especially among promoters ol
irrigation projects, was aroused this even
ing by the following report in toe Evening
. ffewsof this place:
lAt the this place: election in this district
At the late irrigation election in this district
% ' Baker was elected director from the
tT";uth 1) iitrict. Heretolore Mr. Baker has
b Y en one of Hie most pronounced aun-irrisa-
Ul'insts. lie has always been ready with hit
ad vice and means to assist in deieating the
workings of the Wright law. Since the de
islon of the Supreme Court of th« United
Mute*, declaring ,],,. Wright irrigation act con
stitutional, he recognizes that further contest
»s useless, and he now declares that all his
'nergieswillbe directed toward the comple
»jon of the Modesto district canal system, so
as to reap the benefits of water as soon as pos
sible. ■-■->•< -,•..>:-•...-
If others who have been with Mr. Baker in
coutestitiK irrigation take the same view of
the situation, water will be on the plains of
this district within a year, and diversified
products, which water alone will bring, will
be an accomplished fact. Mr. Baker freely ex
presses his opinion that the best course to pur
sue, now that there can be no question as to
the legality of the law. is that ail should pull
toeether and prevent any further delay.
Mr. Baker is one of the wealthiest land
owners in Modesto district, and his views will
have much weight with his farmer friends.
Mr. Baiter favors the proposition that bonds
be sold for cash and that the canal work be
done by the farmers in the district, so that the
money for the work will be kept In the county.
STANFORD'S DEBATING TEAM.
Mrs. Hood, A. M. Morgan and S. W. Charles
Chosen to Compete for the
Carnot Medal.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal.. Feb.
5.— At tne close of the preliminary Caruot
debate, held in the chapel this evening,
the judges. Professors B. C. Brown, N.
Abbott and H. R. Fairclougb, decided on
the trio to represent Stanford ia the de
bate with Berkeley on February 12. The
team to uphold the cardinal will be com
posed of A. B. Morgan, '08; S. \V. Charles,
"97 and Mrs. Margaret Hooa, '99.
The subject of the discussion this even
in-; was: "Resolved, that the centraliza
tion of French education is conducive to
the best social results." Professor Earl
Barnes presided.
Before introducing the speakers, he ex
plained tne system of education in vogue
in France. The aftirmativi.' side of the
question was supported by S. W. Charles
'87. C. M. Bradley '!» and A. li. Morgan
'98, while E. E. Painter '98, H. W. Gruu
sky '99 and Mrs. Margaret Hood '99, sup
ported the negative. No team work was
attempted, as the judges decided on the
merits of each individual rather than ou
the strength of the oj posinsr sides.
Mrs. Margaret Hood, as the representa
tive of t.je Woman's Saturday Night
Club, fully '.ustained the honor conterred
upon her by that flourishing organization.
Her experience in teactilng gave ncr a
decided advantage in the discussion of the
subject connected with education. Mrs.
Hood speaks with great decision, and if
an opponent seeks to establish his point
by a weak chain of reasoning she points
out its weakness with great clearness.
A. B. Morgan made another of his tell
ing speecues this evening. He is now a
Stanford representative in both the Carnot
and the regular intercollegiate debates
and is the first to win this double distinc
tion. His selection was conceded by the
students in general aa soon as it was
known that he would try for a place.
Morgan's style is easy and his argu
ments are convincing. While a success
lul campaign speaker, he does not assume
a "spread eagle" style. On the contrary,
he impresses his point upon his hearers
by skillfully massing his arguments
rather than by brilliant flashes of rhet
oric.
S. W. Charles was until this year princi
pal of the Palo Alto High School. Al
though a young man, be Has had con
siderable experience in public speaking
and is *xceptionaliy easy on the piat
form. His major stuiy is law.
STANFORD'S STUDENT BODY.
Its Financial Condit.on Found to Be
Satisfactory — Treasurer Morrison's
Statement.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal.. Feb.
5. — The committee appointed to audit the
accounts of F. W. Morrison, treasurer of
the student body, commend the busi
nesslike manner in which be conduces
the affairs of the student organization.
The committee found the receipts, ex
penditures and bnances in the various
accounis up to January 1, 1^97, to be as
follows:
Tne condition of the s:udent body at
the close of th»> year was such that if it
had closed up its affairs January 1, 1897,
the assets would have balanced the liabil
ities and it would Have beer, out of debt.
The report closes with an admomt o:i
that the executive committee pursue its
present conservative policy.
All the officers this year merit a great
deal of praise, as they have reduced to
nil a debt which amounted to $1800 last
September.
T c senior class recently appointed a
committee :o find out the financial stand
ing of the class. During tne junior year
each class publishes an annual which is
usually unsuccessful from a financial
point of view.
The '97 annual failed to pay expenses
by about $325. Of this amount $.'OO will
probably be assumed by the clas«. The
remainder will probably be covered by
disposing of several "trade advertise
ments." About rifiy copies of the annual
are yet unsold and tne class officials hope
to realize something on these.
After having carefully estimated the
outstanding accounts and the probable
expense of the graduation exercises the
committee on finances is of the opinion
that an assessment of $5 will relieve the
fla-s of all present and future indebted
ness.
AT LOS AAVEL&S' FAIR.
Ltiborlny Men of the City Have a Tiny to
Ihemaetvea.
LOS-A,NGELES, Cal., Feb. s.— The rain
last night and this forenoon militated
against a large attendance on this (labor)
day at the fair. An attractive programme
was carried out this afternoon and even
ing, including an opening address by
Chairman Hohnan; a ripsaw prize con
test between Carpenters Shaffer. Ham
merman, Parsons and Ross, won by the
latter; tug-of-war contest for $20 between
: the Brickmakers' Union team and the
Carpenters' Union men, won by the
former team.
The committee of arrangements was
composed of the following from the two
councils: Council of Labor committee —
E. J. Mack, C. E. Fisk. C. Fisber, J. M.
Gentry and H. E. Dewey. president ot the
council; Council of the Bui.'ding Trades—
E. E. Shaffer, A. H. Hetherington, T. E.
Price. \V. M. Wi ; son, E. C. Thompson and
F. Rendler. E. R. Holman of tne Retail
Clerks' Union was the chairman.
ninltley'n tarurr in Var<j»rill*.
MARYSVILLE, Cal., Feb. 5.— P. W.
Winkley, who committed suicide in San
Francisco on Thursday, xvas City Marshal
of Marysville in 1864 and 18«3, rind repre
sented the Second Ward in the City Coun
cil in IR6B and IS(>9. Early in the seventies
he, with two other?, made an attempt to
roo the Docker-Jewett Bank here. One of
the men was killed by Cashi- r Bingham,
who handled a shotgun, and Winfcley and
tiie otner man served a term in the State
Prison.
Marin'» Telephone Strrice.
SAUSALITO, Cal., Feb. s— The work
of connecting San Kaiael with San Fran
cisco by telephone by way of Lime Point
ha 3at last been accomplished. The cabie
between For: Point on the San Fruneisco
shore ana Lime Point on the Marin side
was successfully laid a short time ago, and
since that was completed tbe telephone
people have directed their energies toward
establishing the line to San Rafael.
Rail Fatality at I'uyaUnv
TACOMA, Wash., Feb. 5. — Emmett
Coon, a native of Farmers' Vall-y, Pa.,
was run down by a freight train at Puy
allup, ten iniiea from here, early this
morning, and died to-nigJK from the
effects of an amputation of both le fc s.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 6. 1897.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Monowai Crossed the Bar Yesterday and Had a Lively Time of It
There Was an Occasional Heavy Break and the Decks of the Stout Ship Were Well
Drenched Before She Reached the Open Sea*
STARVED OUT
A STOWAWAY
He Made a Mistake in the
Steamer's Sailing
Day.
Stood Hunger and Thirst for
Twenty- Four Hours and
Then Gave In.
Violent Death of a Saior Aboard the
British Ship RLudilan
Castle.
There was quite an exciting time of it
aboard the Oceanic Steamship Company's
Monowai yesterday morning. The
steamer was to have sailed last Thursday,
but the English mails delayed her. In
consequence an unfortunate stowaway
bad to give himself up. He was starved
out.
Wednesday night be managed to stow
himself away in one of the whale
boats, after partaking of a hearty meal.
Thursday came, and when the steamer
made no move he wondered what was the
matter.
D inns the night the rain came down in
torrents, and yesterday morning,
drenched to the skin and ravenously
hungry, he crawled out of his hidin?
piace in search of a meal. Chief Otlicer
Graham spied him and at once ordered
him ashore. In response to a piteous
plea lie was allowed to climb into the
boat again and recover his scant baggage*
Ue was then marched off the wharf and
that was the last seen of him. lie tod
Purser Bendall that be had a few dollars
and was anxious to reach Coolgardie,
where he expected to make a formne.
The Monowai look out the following
passengers in ibe cabin:
For Honolulu— Captain I. Bray, A. R. Col
born and wile, ii- E l oii-nian, E. \\ . F.ekles,
Miss A. Einmeiutn, t'. h. Fairer, T. T. French
and wife. Miss A. Goldstein, S. G. Lane, J. W.
Luning and wile, (Juarles Plan and wl.e. Wil
liam R. Porter, S. Rinaldo, M. hjmlding and
wife, Rc-v. C. is. Suinner, Miss H. Sunnier,
George Uene.
For Auckland— Mrs. E. S. Merritt, Leo Myers
and wile.
For Sydney— William Aitcheson and wile,
A. Field, Mrs. E. t. Green. Budd Maude 11; 11.
C. I'iper, wile and chi:a; Mrs. chimes J. Rob
msou, Mrs. Jared G. Mnitli. \V. H. R. Stilt aud
wife, Melville Stoltz, R. A. Wasou.
To join at Honolulu lor Sydney— H. J. Hart
and wife, S. E. Laidley; Mrs. H. W. Lewis, child
aud nurse; U. Sibbald, E. B. Wolff.
Captain Fletcher, who was here last
year in the ship The ilahnemann, was
uiso a passenger. He only arrived from
Liverpool a couple of days ago and is on
his way to Honolulu to take command of
the ship NorthDrook. She had to put
into Honolulu in distress and as there has
been some dispute over the repairs
Fletcher was sent out to take charge of
affairs.
Captain I. Bray is going to Honolulu to
take charge of the missionary schooner
Morning Star, now tied up in that port.
lie will relieve Captain C. H. Garland and
will take the vessel out on her usual
yearly cruise among the South bea
islands.
Captain Carey and Chief Engineer Me-
Caig were so far recovered as to be able to
be on duty when the steamer sailed. Both
gentlemen were on the sick list during tne
entire siay of the vessel in port, and they
were more than giad when sailing day
came.
The big steamer made a pretty picture
as she crossed the bar yesterday outward
bound. Just as she passed from sight one
of ihe rollers caught iier, and heavy laden
as she was, ocr stern was thrown away up
in the air while the succeeding toiler
broke all over the forward part of the ship.
This was to have been the last trip of the
big steamer, but as the new one just com
pleted lor the line will not be ready for a
few months, the chances are that the
Monowai will make one more trip to San
Francisco.
Max Kalish, the popular agent of the
Humboldt Steamship Company, came
back from Eureka on the steamer Corona
yes;erd»y. He says the new Humboidt
will be ready for service the laner part of
the month and thnt s«.e will have her
trial trip about the 14th inst. She will Me
moved trom the Fuhon Iron Works to her
berth on the water front next Monday,
and then the finishing touches will be
put on.
Tn • gasoline schooner Moro broke down
outside the heads yesterday and bad to
put back under sail, fche will be repaired
at ones and wyi probably continue her
voyage to-day.
The steam schooner Excelsior brought
in yesterday the largest car o of sait that
has ever come from Carmen Inland. Ii
will be sent to r<-hiu-rie-i here and turned
into a marketable article. Carmen Island
salt is said to be of very fine grade. Tne
Exc lsior sailed from here for Guaymas
with a load of railway ties, and on the
way down she ran iuto a hurricane and
the* entire deckload was washed over
board. From Guaymas sue went to Car
men Island, thence to San Francisco.
The City of Peking pot in norn the
Orient early yesterday morning, and had
it not been for the heavy weather encoun
tered durine the latter part of the trip
she would nave reached port Thursday
afiernoon. Tne most valuable item in the
vessel's cargo was GOO cases of opium, the
duty on which will mount into a good
sized fortune.
Two representatives of the Japanese
Government came over on the steamer.
They will superintend the construction of
the warships to be built by the Union Iron
Works for the Mikado.
The bark bea King from Sydney for San
Francisco is having a bard time oi it. Ac
cording 10 a dispatch received by the Mer
chants' Exchange she had to put into
Auckland, New Zealftnd. on February 5,
with main and lore masts snrunjr. her rud
der damaged and ttie vessel leaking.
Evan Jones of the British ship Rhud
dlan Castle met with a violent death yes
terday. The ve«^el is chartered to load
lumber at Pusjet Sound for Australia and
was to have been towed to sea from Sau
salito to-iiay. Jones was aloft helping to
bend the sails when he missed his footing
a;id fell from the niaintopsail yard to the
deck. He was still alive when picked up.but
medical aid could not save him. and be
died a couple of hours later. The d? c?ased
was a younc man and a native of North
Wales. _^___^_
DON'T LIKE ME. GUNST.
The Police Commissioner's Name Men
tioned by the Cigar-Makers at
. the Trades Council. <■? - .
The question of Eastern tenement-made
cigars was before the Federated Trades
last evening, and in the discussion Police
Commissioner Gunst came in for no small
share of censure, as he deals in some of
the ostracized brands.
At a previous meeting of the council
this same question came up and Michael
Raphae!, who was sent out hare by the
New York cigar-makers to agitate against
certain brand-, gave a list of those which
had beeii condemned. Ttie New York
firm opposed is Krebs, Wertheim & Snif
fer and the brands it handles are several
dealt i:i by the folice Commissioner.
A committee was appointed to enforce
the blue label regulation, and saw Mr.
Gunst and reported at last night's meet
ing. The report was in the form of a duly
attested affidavit.
In the report the committeemen com
plain that Mr. Gunst received them in
anything but a courteous manner. The
repor: stated that he told them the sooner
iliey, and particularly Raphael, who was
one of tne committee, were run out of the
country the better, and tbat he did not
care a tinker's imprecation for them, and
tbat he did not propose to be dictated to
by them.
Tne reading of this report brought sev-
I eral members of the council to their fe°t,
! each eager to get in the nr« roast. The
I lang:ia.'e was forcible and pointed. Fi
; nally the whole matter was referred to tne
j executive committee and anotuercommh
tee was appointed to wait on Mr. Gunst
and see how he would receive it after be-
I iog toid that a mass meeting might be
: called to consider the result of the confer
• ence.
AN EMPLOYES' SOCIAL.
Dancing and a Concert by the "Work
••i-. for Goldberg & Buwen.
Golden Gate Hall last evening was the
scene of a gay gathering, the event being
the third annual reunion an ; social of the
employed of Gold here. Bowen & Cc. The
hall was beautitully decorated for the oc
casion. The various numbers on th« pro
gramme were admirably rendered, the
music was charming and a most delight
ful evening's entertainment was the re
sult. The following was the programme:
Overture, Iluber's Hungarian orchestra;
■'Robin Adair." Knickerbocker male quartet;
souk, "The Tougu Girl," Little Nina Cook;
"Alia Turka," from Sonata in A major, Young
Ladies' string quartet; barytone, "lufellce, "
from "Ernanl," Edward Rosens tad t; popular
melodies Huber's Hungarian orchestra;
tenor, '' Down by the Men.-," D. M. Lawrence;
violin solo, •'L'Argoncsca," Miss Cnorlotte
Gruenhaeen; song, "Don't Be Cross, " Henry
fiO'.dsmltn ; '-Dearest Mttiden, Dane ■ Wiih Me,"
Kuiclcerbocker male quartet. Knickerbocker
quartet— D. M Lawrence, rirst tenor; C. M.
El. lott, second tenor; D. B. Crane, first bass;
L A. I.ar.vMi, second bass. Young ladies'
quartet— Miss Charlotte Gruenhapen, violin;
Miss Annie < Jib-on, violin: Miss May Harring
ton, viola; Miss Ann Barrington, 'cello.
After this dancing followed until a late
hour. During intermissions refreshments
were served in the rotunda. These annual
social gatherings were inaugurated three
years ago aud are a happy conception.
They are always attended by all the mem
bers of the firm and their families, as well
as those of the employes, and they tend
to create a friendly feeJing among them ail.
TO CONCENTRATE TBIALS.
Prosecutions for Impure Food Dealings
to Be lJroujjlit in One Court.
Isidor Jacobs, chairman of the pure
food committee of the Council of Associ
ated Industries, has been securing an
understanding with the prosecuting attor
neys la the police courts and has nlso
conferred with the Judges of these courts
concerning prosecutions under the pure
food law.
"Our aim," said Mr. Jacobs yesterday,
" is to have all the prosecutions brought
in one court, instead of scattering cases.
We have spent considerable time aud
energy. We have particularly conferred
with Attorney Reynolds of Judge Low's
court. There will be many cases to be
tried, for many arrests will be made
within the coming three months. Attor
ney Reynolds ha^ agreed to make a study
of the inatier and to assist us. We havn
sent a letter out to boards of health all
over the State asking them to co-operate
in securing pure food. The movement,
which has ju?t fairly begun, will be large
am; important."
Sacred Concert To- Morrow.
A sacred concert will be eiven at the Young
Men's Christian Associatiun auditorium. Ma
son and Ellis streets, to-morrow afternoon at
il o'clock by the Knickerbocker Quartet, as
sisted by Mrs. Eva Wre a, Mis-, Zena Roberts
and Professor Burness. organist of Ca.vary
Presbyterian Church. The ? ervice will be free
to t..e public, both ladles and geitlemen. An
excellent programme ol sacred music has been
provided, ana those attending may be sure of
an enjoyable service.
Invited to Exhibit Horticulture.
Andreas Meyer tins invited the public,
through the Board of Supervisors, to take purl
iv a general horticultural exhibition to be aeld
in Hamburg, Germany, this year lrom May to
September.
A Pretty Ball To- Night.
The electrical workers will give an especially
attractive ball at Odd Fellows' Hall to-night.
There will be a beautiful electrical display
composed of 1200 li.hu.
Thlrrl Sweden borgian Church.
The tnird .New Church society of this City
at an adjourned annual meeting Tuesday
evening ndopted the name, "The Swedcnborg
Mission Society of San Francisco."
HONOLULU TOO
WARM FOR THEM
Philadelphia Society Elopers
Return on the
Peking.
Cavalier Smith and Mrs. Norris
Seek Seclusion in the
States.
The Gentleman Showed Some Nervous
ness, but His Companion Was
Perfectly Self-Possesssd.
It is rare that the Pacific Mail Com
pany's City of Peking arrives in port with
out a story aboard. This time it was the
story of an elopement, and the couple
went to the California Hotel.
The passenger list was as follows: Miss
L. N. Duryea, Mrs. S. W. B Diehl, Jurtce
and Mrs. C. H. Garoutte, Miss M. Hall,
Rev. James Homy, .Louis Imbert, J. H.
Kirkpatrick, Mr. and Mrs. E. M. Brown,
Mr. end Mrs. Henry Smith, Miss G.
Garoutte, Fred Yates, W. J. Corwin (U. S.
N.), H. A. Isenberg, K. Aoki, Mr. and
Mrs. Jas. EUinge'r, Mrs. A. F. Dixon, Mi-s
A. Garoutte, Mrs. P. Yates and child,
Payma>ter A. \V. Brown (U. S. N\), C. J.
Fischer and M. Wadagaki.
The Mr. and Mrs. Henry Smith are the
couple in question, and ths Hawaiian
Star had this to say about them soon alter
their arrival in Honolulu:
"Mrs. C. C. Pinckney Norris has eloped
with Cavalier Smith, and they are now on
their way to Japan. Mrs. Norris is one
of the best-known women in the fashion
able sec, and is the mother of two chil
dren, while Mr. Smith is equally as well
known, both in the society and club
world, nml is the father of five children."
Mr«. Norris and Mr. Smith eloped from
Fhiiiidelpliia on December 24 last. They
came direct to Ban Francisco and took the
steamer Peru for the Orient. Instead of
coing to Yokohama, however, they
changed their minds and stopped off at
Honolulu. They traveled in good style
and baa the bridal chamber on the
steamer, and upon reaching the capital ot
the island republic they rented a fur
nished cottage and lived like two turtle
doves.
Mrs. Ncrris was formerly Miss Maria
Gibson, and is a niece of the late Henry
Gibson of Philadelphia. She possesses a
fortune that is estimated at between
$250,000 and $30J,000. Her husband is a
prominent man in Philadelphia society
circles, and is a member of the Philadel
phia Rabbit, Country and other fashion
able cubs.
Smith is a brother of A. Donaldson
Smith, a well-known explorer. He was
left a lortune some years ago, but it is be-
Jieved ho has squandered a large portion
of it. Before his departure from Puiladel
phia it is said Smith provided to a certain
extent tor his wile and rive children.
The elopement of Mrs. Norris and Smith
was not discovered until a week after they
bad left Philadelphia. Mrs. Norris in
formed her husband at the time of her
departure that she was going to visit rela
tives in Baltimore. At the same time
Smith left his family, making a plausible
excuse about having to go to New York.
The pair fled westward, and a week later
detectives were on their track. They are
now on their way back to "face the
music."
Smith is on the passenger list as 35 years
of age, while Mrs. Smith is entered as 33.
She is a tall, shapely blonde, with large
blue eyes. Sue was dressed in a dark
cheviot tailor-made suit, over which she
wore a short broadcloth jacket. She
seemed unconcerned, but her companion
was nervous and was visibly confused
when a woman's underskirt, was pulled
out of his trunk along with some o! his
own clothing.
Mr. and Mrs. Smith registered at the
California as from this State, but when in
terviewed they positively denied they
were the Smiths in question. Smith said
they were not irom San Francisco, but
from another part of the State — from what
part, however, he positively declined to
state. Ha seems nervous and ill at ease,
but she is ca m and self-possessed and
never loses her presence of mind.
for the Carnival.
Representatives of Berkeley and Stanford
universities will meet at carnival headquar
ters this afternoon a 2 o'clock, to arrange the
details for "College night," which has been
set apart for them during carnival week. It
is the intention of the carnival management
to request the two leading universities to take
the management of the affair into their hand*,
iaviting the co-operation of the students «<f
the other colWges in the affair, so as to
make it illustrative of college life in Califor
nia. The programme r.as not yet been elabo
rHied, but it will conclude wiih a grand stu
dents' ball at the Mechanics' Pavilion. It will
be left to the students 10 determine whether
this will be a mask affair or an ordinary
dancing party.
H -nilball Gatuei.
Theliollowine games will be played at the San
Franci>co naudball court to-morrow: P. Me-
Klnnou aud W. Manion vs. L. Corraino and G.
McDonald, J. McEvely and P. Kelly vs. C. Sul
livan and J. Slattery, D. Rodgers nnd P. Ryan
vs. M. McNeil ana r. Steiner, M. Met lute and
M. fitiwards vs. W. Hamilton and W. Stans
bury. K. Murphy and J. While vs. J, Collins and
E. Curley, T. W. Bonnet and J. C. Kealon vs. P.
Donnelly and M. J. Killgallon.
Joseph B. Bidwell R*-coTerinp.
Prison Serßeant Bidwell of this City received
a dispatch from Chicago yesterday stating
that h;a brother, Joseph B. Bidwell of Chicago,
member oi the Cbtcaeo Board of Aldermen and
one of the political Big Four, was iiot dying, as
■was reported, but was in a fair way to recover
from his serious illness.
KT.W TO-DAY-DRY GOODS.
** 'Prop® & $hi Hojxec^
| BARGAINS TO=DAY! I!
I Saturday visits to "The Maze" are always fraught with interest-there's alwavs
I M something worth coming alter. The rainy weather has kept you penned ud aM the i ,
'if DURING THE MORNING-DP TO NOON ONLY, It 1
||| LADIES' SILK DRESS SKIRTS, Jl,
" U:«m± \ §5.45 EACH. fl '
144 » There's only about two-dozen of them, so tret around early. The ma-
i.. tena! is black brocaded satin duchesse, the patterns are all the favorite larce •' '
f cluster floral designs, the linines are rustle taffeta percalines, and each one t" '
Hi is bound with velveteen around the bottom. Everv point about them is
§«• pood. They were marked in stock " special " at $7 50 apiece, and are as good ii i
Qas usually brings slo. fc V
6 LIGHT COLORED FLANNELETTES, 6
6 KTS CENTS A YARD. .^ X
A Pretty checked and striped designs on cream, pint and li>htblue X
Y grounds, both sides fleecy and warm; just the thing for house cowns and Q
Q wrapper?, night robes, underskirts, waists and children's aretes This A
T qua ity is 7>jc in stock and almost as good as the regular 10c kind ' Limit "
0 of 20 yards to a purchaser. ' A
% DURING THE EVENING After 7:30 o'Clock Only. 5
X LADIES' AND MISSES' SHIRT WAISTS, X
A -^T 25 CENTS EACH, A
T They're made of light ground standard calicos, pretty red. bluebiark V
y and other colored stripes, besides many nice fancy and plain designs' Some 6
X are a little mussed from handling, but one washing will put them all rizht X
Y Starched collars and cuffs; all sizes. Splendid to wear around the house. ' Q
I LADIES' FANCY APRONS, 9
A . E^ 15 CENTS EACH. j&& 9
Y Full, liberal sizes, made of firm sheer plain white lawns, scailored V
0 edges, worked with cording and fancy machins stitching all around wide A
X tie strings ;. value at 40c. ' Y
X CHENILLE TABLE COVERS, ?
A E3^ 25 CENTS EACH. « 9
Y Our regular fifty-cent ones— that's what they sell for everv day^rich V
Q colorings, reversible patterns, same on both sides, heavy knotted fringe all O
X around. " b V
X FLORAL TAFFETA RIBBONS, $
A \ »* 15 CENTS A YARD. ,£* X
Y Pretty colorings and handsome floral designs, almost everv tintand "
Q shade suitable for millinery and dress trimmings. They are pure silk of (S
1 various widths up to 3 inches and would be cheap at 35c a yard. ' JL
A FOUR-BUTTON KID GLOVES. A
0 KT 75 CENTS A PAIR. X
1 The best glove value we have offered this season; extra long lengths X
\J soft, flexible kid, two-toned fancy zigzag embroidered backs, colored welt' V
A ings and two- toned colored buttons to match ; all sizes in reds, tans, browns A
Y and black; vaiue at $1 25. SJ
9 MEN'S AND BOYS' CAPS, 9
9 • B3*" 15 CfiNTS EACH, j** 9
V/ he favorite Golf shape, tight-fitting back and short, stiff visorfront- O
1•• made of navy blue cloth and lin-d with silesias; all sizes; value at 40c. If
,4 FLEECED WRAPPER CLOTHS, II
( ff CENTS A YARD. If
11 Twilled snrface, fleeced back, small polka dots, stripes and figures on
jC black or garnet grounds; value at 10c. "gures on 46
if NEW ORIENTAL LACES, "
lit KT 8 CENTS A YARD. &zn {{
The adopted trimming for this season's wash goods; new effectsfnvel '
. i,. low, linen and butter colors, just opened. They range in widths ud to 6 1
I•■ inches and are marked to sell up to 15c a yard. AM .
M SAN FRANCISCO'S CHEAPEST STORE U.
] Jf MARKET ST., COR. TAYLOR A.\D GOLDE\ GATE AYE.
EEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Isaac Gartenberg to Bessie Harris, lot on X line
of Kll more street. 77:4% S of Clay 525 by X
! PO-6; also lot on \V line of Jones street, 6 *:9 s
i of O'Fanell. S H'J by W 71 :«: «lso otonE line of
i Florence street. aSO N of liailroad avcnur, N 50
! by B 100 lots 15 and 18, block 61, City Land As
j sociation; also nil interest as heir-ui-Uw of Aaron
I Oargenberg. For part consideration second party
! agrees to assume lavment of five certain asslgn
' menisof mort-'aR-s: $400.
Julia M. ani Char. osG. Johnston and George W.
Hooper (by C. Mlchenar, Commissioner) to Pacific
states S. L. and B Company, lot on N line of Carl
street, 130 B or Wlllard, X 26 by N 137:6: $2776.
Katie Lagan (wife of John) to John lagan, lot
on » corner of Mission and Lafayette streets, SW
65. SE 100. SW 25. SK S5-.4, NE 90. NW l'-'6:4:
also lot on «E corner of Hni-h. and Laguua
streets. E 52:6 by N 1H0: gift.
. Vincent Nluro to Kuffl Mgro, lot on BW
line of Ninth sreet, 125 KW of Braunan, SW 25
by 8W 100: $10.
George A. and Edith F. Pope to Emily F. Pop*,
lot on N l.ne of Seventeenth street (Corbptt),
206:11 Vi Eof Market. X 25x107;6Vi. SW «56:!) i/ 3 ,
574:8, fc 26, S8O:$IO
Peter F. Gllroy to J. P. and Johanna M. W.
Chrstensen, lot on E line of sanchez street, 61 X
of Jersey, N 'ih by X 76: $10.
Jacob and Lina Hey man (by Oscar Heyman, at
torney), to John A. Oswald, lot on N line of
Twenty-third street, 150 W of Doufh.ss, W 25 by
>* 114, lot «i, Herman Tract: $10.
Finamar'a Korea (administratrix estate of Fran
clsca de Modlna) to Teresa Bocca, undivided sixth
of lot on SE corner of Hinckley and JDupont
streets. E 67 :« by S 40; $18 >7.
Caroline S. and Edwir.l Watson to John J. and
Julia Swe ney. lot on SW line rf Harrison street,
257 NX of Fourth. NE 18 by NW 75: $10.
Elizabeth A. <;. Madigan (Donnelly) to Matthew
F. Madlgan, undivided Interest In lot on NX line
of r-uruii er street, /60 sE of Howard, SE 25 by
NX .'8: $10. .
William H. and Minnie M. Lille ta Louis Lip
man, lo on E mo of Twelfth avenue, 200 s. of xl
street, S 25 by E 120; $10.
London and San Francisco Bank (limited) to
sane, lot on X line of Tenth avenue, 125 S of H
street, S 2S by X 120; also lot on X line of Tenth
avenue, 175 of H street, Ssoby E laO: $10.
Louis and Rose Lipman to Justus Proll, lot on
X line of Tenth avenue, 125 of H street, si 25 by
E 120; $10.
Justus Pro 1 to Louis I.lpman. lot on E line
of Tenth avenue, 150 a of 11 street, S 25 by E
120: $10.
Louis and Rose Lipman to William H. Lillie, lot
on E line of Tenth avenue, 150 » of H street, s 75
by ■ 120: *10.
Sunnyside Land Company and California Title,
In. lira re an I Trust Company to Tnomas R.
Go;h, lot 17, block 28. sunnysld* : $10.
Annie Beatty (executrix estate James Beatty)
to George E. Whitaker, lot on NX corner of
Eighth avenue and N street. NX 100 by -»X 100.
lot 33. block 13SJ, Central Park Homestead Asso
ciation; $1260.
ALAHKDA COUNTY.
Charles W. Holies to Alexander Martin sr., lot
on £ line of Franklin street, 152 Nof Delger or
Twentieth. Hi- 80.9 a. KE 3'J.uß. XW 82.60 to IS
line of Franklin street, 32 to beginning, Oakland:
also lot on ■> line or Central avenue, 250 W of Oak
street. W 30:8 by S 14u, beiPK E 30:8 feet of lot
15, block C lands a jtirent to Encn al. except 10
feet taken for widening Central avenue, Alameda;
«10.
Timothy Paige, H. B. and Laura A.Tlnney to
Julia Wanger (wife of Joseph), lots 23 and 24,
block F. Melrose station Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship: $10.
Joseph Wancer to same, same; gift. -
' W. ■•. and Ida E. lav, or to John OlltUand, lot
on XE line of X Seventeenth street. SO SK of
Fifteenth avenue. HE 30. X - 100, N\V 20, SW
63. >"\V 10, SW 47 to b^ginnlug, block 42. Han
Antonio, East Oakland . $10.
Joseph and Sophia Dubbel to W. M. Whitney,
lots 1,3 and 6 to 16, lots IS. 19, 20, «2 and 23.
Turnbuil Tract, Brooklyn Township, subject to
mortgage:' $10.
James Graham to Ellen Lafferty. lot on E line of
Webster ntrent, 25 8 of Firs:, S 26 by E 75, being
lot 23, block 8, Oakland: gift.
John A. and Mary J. McNanghton to George M.
Grant, lot on bK line of Twenty-third avenue.
18 .75 NX of Twenty-fourth street. XE 30:09. SK
151.16. s»W 30, N\V 163:5. to beginning, being a
portion of lot 9, block 2, Hln- tie Trac:. map 2, sub
ject to a mortgage for S9OO, quitclaim deed. ±srook
lyn Township; *.">. ■* ■ •■ i
>an:e to same, lot on S line of Eagle avenue,
140:91/2 •- of St. Charles street, E2sby S 125,
being lot 9. bock H, Taylor and Page Tract, quit
claim deed, Alameda; »10. - - ....
O. F. Miner to Mrs. I* J. Eabb. lots 7 and 8,
blocK 47, town of .Xiles, Washington Township;
•10.
William H. Schmidt (by Sheriff) to A. Ander i on,
lot on ■-'W corner of £a-<t Twelfth street and Kig.ith
avenue, W 75 by 8 160: also lot on NX corner of
East Twelfth street -.and i.i«bth avenue, X 50 by
N 100. East Oakland: $2500.
i Caroline H. and A. H. Breed to Nanette H. Mac-
Mullan (wife of li. A.), .01 on Hi: line of Eighth
avenue. 90 NX of East Fourteenth stieet, NX 40
by NX 400. block 59, Clinton, East Oakland: $10.
William H. Htnl 1 rancps Macktnnon to Martin
Shlck. lot on sw coiner of Ww on avenue and
Silver street, WSO by 8 100. block C, read way
and Telegraph-avenue Homestead, Oakland '1 own
ship; $20.; - . " .
Builders' Contracts.
Alfred Ro.«s with B. J. Paver t, to erect m one
•lory building on » line of Twenij -seventh street,
$?400.° f Dolores: Cnar: «* »• Rousseau, architect;
Borthn Bambercer with I. W. Coburn to erect a
w oiAshbury, bhea* Shea, arch tects; $49i0.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
F Stampw&w.Stocktn s p Young, Sacto
T vl™ tte E5 on 'j 3l lockum1 ockum T T Marlines
J kK Hea i d st>urg X T Breen. Salinas
H t^ 61 !,?; IjOS An S M H *'»"*. Los Angelea
H J U»rk, Minneapolis J Armstrol.gTVacto
« £ t ! I 1, gason - Orients O M Hopkins, salem
JM Kirkpatricic. Hono O F Cooper Cal
a M Marnsen, Ponl » J *' Beard. Yreka
t w lfl !d ' Utan c "auks. Utai
?m t i W J * acto i!.f!r l L r ifi«fi,. Jo "
J M Tayior, Los Angeles X L Lyruan. Benicia
PALACE HOTEL.
Mrs R E Plerce.San Jose W m B Peck N V
A D Foote, Grass Valley W B Jeffrey, London
D lcrnaT, wft London Wm 1) Nic iotas, Palo Al
A. bt»nl«,y, Palo Alto L Heedey. Ireland
A H Bryant, -t Louis C C Pownlnic & wf. Reno
£ * owning. -Belvedere \V a Powmng.BelTedere
V. P J el V k i," s ' ? tanfor , rt J H Klnkead & w, Aev
w r J K B V A lBh! ' S Jose H " ste 1P - Denver
t iP D obey Carson Miss Tobey. Carson
J HBuHhnell&w.CblcaßO X W Brown Aw. Chicago
JKllinK»r<tw,Maiicrjesfr A Apfelbaum, Ky
E Abrahams. Ohio H B Abbott. Co umous
v H Bancroft. Boston a B Hammond, Mont.
C Clark Kansas City JC F Randolph. N V
J C UumDird&w.st Paul D Hutnbird & w. st Paul
T •> •simms. New Kruns O J Weil, New York
M W Stewart, Los Ang J a Metcalf, Chicago
O Henne, Stanford
LICK HOUSE.
VT S Jack. Pan Mateo J Renule, Natoma
J S Culler, Natoma J M Lt-vel Val ejo
W A Oeit, bat 10 JO Roourts, Madera
J Nowlan. cal J c King, -acto
Mrs J Swelgert. 8 Jose .Mi^s E I ;ert, S Jose
J R Gieeson, Cal W p Cullen. New York
O H Smith, >acto S F Black Sacto
J Macintosh. Xe* York F Donoboe 4 w, Oakland
J B tfonneiau, Ban Jose W X B -arts y, S.n Jos*
T J Seaman. Coulterviile W t± iiavis, Oakland
8 P Healy. ban Jacinto J J Cameron ■£ w, S Jots
NKW WESTERN HOTEL*
C Forekert Mare Is'-and B L Fi-th, Alameda
C Butler, New Orleani C H Kossbach.N Orleans
J \V sawyer. New Or cans H Sawyer, New Orle.ms
O O Oppie, New Or.eaus F Wilier*. New Orleans
J Cartsan, Cal X Handy, Bodie
J H Downey, Syracuse J Smith and wf, Cal
R J Lloyd, l^os Angeles T V Stevenson, N V
M Kosenblum, Caiaveras X X ("'happen, N V
J B Jobn, Swansea J Rattan. N! es City
J P'.cklnson and wf, X V J W J ohln. Chicago
M J MiirKhaiu, Cnicajo R H Handy, Cal
BALDWIN HOTEL
J E Terry, Sacramento J J Sullivan <fe w, Fowler
J D Kilev, She] ton H T Browne. Seattle
F C stetler. Dayton, O AC Llnntha , Denver
X Tod t man. Detrc It H O Hcffron, Salt Lak«
X W WllKlna Phila T S Mllion <fi w, Sausallto
v P Hayne. Berkeley X A Marsh, Battle Creek
T S Milton Jr. Sausalito D MoKav. Sacramento
X D Thompson & w. Sac 1> X Oliver, - tockton
WRinder. San^oso DA L*.iilbeuer, S Cru*
B Smith <few. Ssntacruz V Jones, Chicago
H Scott, chicazo Mis.« smith, Vallejo
The
Art
Epicurean.
Some of the favor-
ite dishes of prom-
inent Son Vivants
in San Francisco,
and how they are
concocted is one of
the many attractive
features of
To- Day's
News
Letter.
56
SATURDAY .FKBRUARY 6. 1897
CHARLES M. SHOKTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
Pally and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier. .SO.IB
Daily «nd Sunday Call, OTic year, by mail 6.00
Dally and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 3.00
Daily and Sunday CALi., three months by mail 1.60
Dally and Sunday Call, one mouth, by mail- .65
Sunday Call, one year, by in pi . 1-60
Vv lucly Call, one year, by mall I*M
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone.. Maln-18M
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay Street.
Telephone Maln-187*
BRANCH OFFICES:
627 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
0:80 o'clock.
BS9 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
CIS I ark in street : open until 9:30 o'clock.
6\V. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
on til 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth street; open until 9 o'clock.
1305 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFPICB:
808 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Rooms 31 and 32, 34 Park Row. New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Eastern Manager.
IMb CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
California reaches the Cabinet at last.
Congratulations to Secretary McKenna.
The new tariff bill carries prosperity on
ita face.
Reciprocity and $50,000,000 more of rev
enue sounds veil.
Decadent journalism wears the mask of
a faker, but its trade is blackmail.
Every city of note in Nevada is getting
ready to fight its way to prosperity.
Leave your orders 10-day for The St'nday
Call and assure yourself good reading to
morrow.
The Legislature is sticking to business
well enough, but the people expect it to
stick also to economy.
The press of the interior has begun to
give uotice that tlie ground is thoroughly
wet, and no more rain is needed.
Before the Examiner gets through it will
announce positively that Butler is Li
Yung Yuen and killed Little Pete.
Extravagant appropriation bills are
sprouting thick and fast at Sacramento,
and it is time to set 10 work with the
pruning-knife.
The attempt of the Examiner eang to
blackmail the water company has been
stopped, and we can count oue more vic
tory for honesty.
Butler repudiates the Examiner's alleged
intervi-w and "It will hardly be necessary
for the Examiner to reiterate the statement
and assert it is absolu'eiy true."
Fake telegram?, fake interviews and fake
advertisements are intended by the Ex
aminer merely to fool the people. "When
it means business it hunts a subsidy.
Creelman, Li Yung Yuen and Butler
form a congenial trio tor Willie Hearst,
Lawrence and Ambrose Bierce. It is the
yard of daisies and the yard of pups in
combination.
Sending, women to interview murderers
and makine sensations of their reports is
one of the reasons why there are so many
silly and half-crazy women in tua world
to make pets of criminals.
The profit obtained on a 15-cent adver
tisement with a yard of pups thrown in
may be sufficient to help float along a
fake journal, but it would not do for one
engaged in legitimate business.
The coin from Collis Wasteful Willie takes,
And with Long Green divides the stakes;
Lone Green pays Bierce, who then emits
a roar
To make rich Collis pony up some more.
The promptness with which the Repub
licans of Congress nave set about the
work of tariff revision gives encourage
ment to every indu try in the country,
and assures the speedy coming of better
times.
If Hearst discharces some of the sub
ordinates on whom he throws the blame
for the fakes and frauds of the Examiner
the public would have more confidence in
his integrity and less suspicion of his
courage.
The blame and the shame of the secret
subsidy from the Southern Pacific were
thrown by Hearst upon his subordinates,
but as he did not prosecute any of them it
is safe to say they turned the money into
his pocket, and lie knew it.
Fake advertisements in a newspaper
destroy public confidence as effectually as
faKO stories in the news columns, and for
that reason people pay no attention to an
advertisement in the Examiner. They
can never be sure that it means business.
If the Eraminer deducted from the
amount of its advertising the illegal lottery
advertisements and the fake advertise
ments it buys with a yard of puppies it
would have less advertising to brag of,
but. it could then boast of doing a legiti
mate business.
The action of the Board of Supervisors
in calling for a complete statement of the
accounts of the water company is now ad
mitted by the Examiner to be right. The
howl for arbitrary reduction has been
silenced. This look 3 like another vindi
cation.
Now that we have forced the Examiner
to abandon its efforts to excite passion
and prejudice against corporations in or
der to extort hush money from the water
and the gas companies the work of fixing
rates can be carried out with that caini
ness and impartiality which are necessary
for accurate results.
By preventing Long Green Lawrence
and the rest of Willie Hearst's gang from
extortine money from the water and the
pas companies we have enabled those
companies to furnish water and gas to the
people more cheaply than they could
bad they been compelled to pay blackmail,
and to that extent we have rendered the
public a service of no small importance.
Bnt a little while ago the New York
Journal and the Sa:s Francisco Examiner
made a great outcry against the sensation
alism of sending women to report prize
fights and interview murderers, and now
the Examiner is to recommit the offense
bef ■ re the noise of its former professions
of reform have had time to be forgotten
even by the most indifferent citizen
NAILING A LIE.
The Examiner of yesterday contained an editorial addressed to John D. Spreckels.
The first sentence reads as follows: "You (Mr. Spreckels) are a property-owner in
San Francisco, a young man of wealth and fair repute, the son of one of the most re
spected citizens of the community." To this, the editor and proprietor of The Call
gives his most cordial assent. There is, however, a phrasa in the sentence which
shows the cunning of the assassin who wrote it. The phrase is that in which Mr.
Spreckels is referred to as "yonng man of wealth and fair repute." That the charac
ter of Mr. Sprectels stands absolutely above criticism is well known. He is liontet,
honorable and courageous. He has never been known to go back upon his word or to
join hands with any man or set of men against tne public good. "We are not required
here, and it is not expected of us, that we will enter into any further eulogy of Mr-
Spreckels, for whom we have the tenderest feelings of personal friendship and the
highest regard as an honorable business man and a citizen of t !i« best, repute.
The Exaviiner further says, referring to Mr. Spreckels: "You are understood to
be the owner of The Call." The Exaviiner then add 3 some cowardly remarks
regarding the character of the editor of The Call, and entirely ignore 3 the fact that
he has stood the test for over twenty years in journalism; that he is to-day the pro
prietor of the leading paper in San Jose, and, without boasting, has as many personal
friends as any citizen of that beautiful city. But so far as we are personally con
cerned we do not feel justified in further answering or denying any charges which the
lying Examiner may make. The Examiner then goes on and declares that "the people
would be very reluctant to bf lieve that you (Mr. Bpreckels) would take money or pro
mote a scheme of public plunder. Your training, your wealth and your associations
forbid the supposition."
To all of this the editor of The Call pives the heartiest approval. "Moreover,"
says the Examiner, "your brother voted as a Supervisor against the present outrageous
water order." It will also be remembered, and the Examiner, if it had an honest
thought or an honest intention, would publish the fact, that The Call approved the
course of A. B. Spieckels most heartily on that occasion. Again, the cowardly sheet
says: "Yet, it is currently reported that a large sum of money has passed from the
leagued gas, electric-light and water monopolies to somebody connected with The
Call. The exact amount even is specified." The Examiner further adds that "¥ou
(Mr. Soreckels) owe it to yo"urself, to your family and to your name to find out
who is dragging your reputation through the mud aud put an instant stop to his
operations." The Examiner made this statement, knowing it to be a barefaced lie,
and we here and now demand of it that it produce any evidence showing the truth of
this statement or forever be branded as a venomous liar. Nevertheless, we agree
with the Examiner that Mr. Spreckels owes it to himself to expose any one who is in
any manner "dragging his reputation throagh the mud and put a stoD to his opera
tionß." AYe sincerely believe that Mr. Spreckels would do this, and we thus most
publicly request of him to disclose any fact or circumstance which would in anywise
connect any person associated with The Call with having received any sum of money,
or a promise to receive any sum of money, from any human being connected with
the gas company, waier company, electric-light company or the Southern Tacific
Company.
We would like to add one word here with reference to the statement that "you
(Mr. Spreckels) are understood to be the owner of The Call." The truth is, and it Is
easily established, that Charles M. Shortrldge is the owner and sole proprietor of the'
property known as the San Francisco Call. He received the title thereof directly
from the Circuit Court of the United States, and to make it some little inducement
to the blackmailers of the Examiner to bring forth their evidence the proprietor of
The Call will pay $1000 for any evidence (oral or written) which will show tnat the
title to The Call stands in any other name, or belongs in law or in equity to any
other human being than himself. That he is under personal obligations to Mr.
Spreckels is true; that he has given his note for money borrowed is also true; that he
has paid during the past two years the interest, on this money is likewise true; but
that he is more prateful than these poor words may express any one who knows him
will admit. His personal friendship and obligation to Mr. Spreckels are of the very
highest order. He has been in the past and will be in the future loyal to him per
sonally and to his interests.
Every human being who reads these lines will well understand that the motive
which induced the article to be written in the Examiner was not lo aid or help the
fair name of Mr. Spreckels, but was written for the purpose of tearing down The Call
and with the dishonorable intent of in some manner changing the good-fellowship
which exists between the editor of The Call and Mr. Spreckels. It has been made
evident tnat the backing which Mr. Spreckels gave the editor of The Call has enabled
him to build up a great and powerful paper. It cannot be denied, and our books are
oper. for inspection, that The Call has gained in the past two years more than five
times as many new subscribers as has the Examiner, and the records will prove also
that The Call has been more largely patronized by the advertising public than the
Examiner, notwithstanding the lie which it publishes at the head of its columns.
It is stated by the Examiner in the same article, that "the records of the courts in
San Jose may assist you (Mr. Spreckels) in the search." It is true that the records of
the court* are open for inspection, and upon examination it will be found that not
one word or jot or tittle exists on the records of those courts which in any wise reflects
upon the honor or integrity of the editor of The Call, and it may be further stated
that not one human bein<» in all this State or elsewhere can be found who will testify
or who can produce evidence that the editor of this paper ever blackmailed any
person or corporation. We have at times fought for men and for principles, but
we conducted that light openly and honorably, as we p.re conducting the contest
now being waged between the blackmailing Examiner and The Call, whose integrity
of purpose and action no man can honestly assail.
SECRETARY M'KENNA.
The announcement yesterday that Judge
McKenna of the United States Circuit
Court has been invited to accept a posi
tion in the Cabinet of President-elect Me-
Kinley and that be has accepted the office
was no surprise to the people of Califor
nia. For a long time past it ban been
fairly well assured that some citizen of
California would have a place in the Cabi
net, and of late it has been well under
stood that the man chosen for the honor
was Judge McKenna.
While there was no surprise in the ap
pointment, there was none the le«s con
siderable gratification and pleasure. The
people of California have long desired to
see the prestige of the State in the Union
recognized by the selec ion of one of its
citizens for a Cabinet position, and the
appointment of almo-t any Californinn
would therefore have been received with
satisfaction by the people. The selection
of Judge McKenna added to the gratifica
tion felt since iiis eminent worth and fit
ness for the high office are known through
out the State and the people are assured
that he will well and ably represent Cali
fornia in the high office to which, he has
been chosen.
Joseph McKenna has been a resident of
California ever since 1855. He was edu
cated to a large extent in the public
schools of the iState, has represented hi»
county in the State Legislature and his
district in Congress. He is, therefore, not
only well informed concerning the needs
and interests of California, but is thor
oughly identified with its recent history
and its aspirations. In all positions of
trust he has shown himself faithful to the
best interests of the people and loyal to
his own high conceptions of public duty.
In whatever office he was called upon to
fill he has given new proofs of his ability,
his courage and his conscientious regard
for personal integrity and public welfare.
The new Secretary will enter uuon liis
duties a well-trained man in every re
s;.ect. He has been tested as a private
citizen engaged in the practice of law and
in various offices of a legislative and judi
cial capacity. In his present high posi
tion as Judge of the United States Dis
trict Court he has added to honors al
ready attained and distinguished himself
among the younger Judges of the coun
try. From what he has achieved in the
past it is easy to predict that his career in
the Cubinet will be one of more than
ordinary honor to himself and service to
the people.
It will be by no means a conventional
courtesy which will be extended to Judge
McKenna in the congratulations he will
receive trom all parts of the State upon
his appointment. The people are aware
that he well deserves the office, and feel
more than ordinary State pride in hi 3
selection. As a matter of fact, congratu
lations upon the appointment should be
addressed not more to Judge McKenna
than to President-elect McKinley and to
the whole people of the United States, in
whose service he will be engaged.
The advance report of duties proposed
for the new tariff show that California in
dustries, so far as they have been dealt
with up to this time, are to be protected,
and we can now begin to see the end of
the long depression. ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1897.
THE LEGISLATURE.
Tne people or California are gratified
by the attention which the Legislature is
giving to the business beforp it, and by the
fact that, up to this time, there has been
but one sucgestion of a scandal connected
with its work. It will be well, however,
for the legislators to remember that the
people expect something more than atten
tion to business and the absence of scan
dal; they expect economy to be practiced
in every direction and the maintenance of
State institutions to be provided for with
out undue taxation upon citizens.
Many of the appropriation biils intro
duced into the Legislature are, to say t 1 c
least, suggestive of extravagance. It is
well understood that many of these have
no chance for passage, but the legislators
should make it equally certain that none
of them should be passed until every
vestige of undue expenditure is stricken
from it. Economy at the present time is
something more than a political cry. It
is an urgent necessity of the present con
dition of our industries, and no legislator
will be held guiltless who knowingly votes
for any measure which will impose upon
the taxpayers a burden which is not abso
lutely necessary for the welfare and right
ful progress of the commonwealth.
The quietness which has marked the
session of the Legislature has not dulled
public interest in its work. The people
and the press are watchful of every step
that is taken either in the Assembly or in
the Senate, and it will be impossible for
any extravagance to be undertaken there
that will not lie noticed. The Republican
members of the Legislature should bear
thnt fact in mind, and remember that they
and the Republican party generally will
be held responsible for the work of the
session. If they expect to be re-elected,
and if they desire their party to retain its
hold upon the confidence of the people,
they must so shape the legislation of the
session that, their work can be upheld in
the press and on tne stump during the
next campaign.
We have no desire to impute evil where
no evil is int*n<led. Therefore we make
no charge at ihis time of extravagance
against any particular member. We are
ready to credit every honest legislator
with a desire to serve the interests of the
State at large, as well as of his own con
stituency. It is simply because we recog
nize this desire on the part of the ma
jority of the legislators that we abstain
from hasty criticism upon their actions
and content ourselves with urging them
to be careful of every measure which
comes before them.
The time has come to re-establish among
the people of California a fall confidence
in the men whom they elect to represent
them in the State Legislature, ami the op
portunity offered at the present session
should not be lost by any man who has a
sufficient sense of his responsibility to his
constituents, his party and the State to
know what duty means.
SOMETHING ABOUT LYMANJ GAGE
New York Sun.
Personally Lyman J. Gage, who has ac
cepted the treasury portfolio from President
elect McKinley, is democratic to a decree that
will be pleasing to decrlers of convention
lity. Mr. Gage does not put his .'eu-t on the
desk, or wear his trousers in his boots, or his
hat at a leaning-tower angle; nor is his man
ner of that inviting type which warrants the
caller to s!ap him on the back. He is. how
ever, the most accessible public man in Chi
cago. The office-boy of ■: hicago has not
reached the state of importance that char
acterizes him in Xew York, but it is the rule
in the banks of the Lake City to have your
name sent forward if you wish a conierence
with the president, this rule does not apply
to any official in the First National of which
Mr. Gage is the head. The door of nis room is
■I**7l open. Mr. Gage's desk is in soch prox
imity to the entrance that he may address the
caller who halts there, and without any ex
tra exertion. Tbe special policemen so con
spicuous in most monetary Institutions is
never seen about the office of Mr. Guge.
When the caller is admitted, by an indica
tion from Mr. Gage, the latter does not rlead
important business in order to hasten the
interview to conclusion. Mr. Gage is an easy
listener, and when the mission is stated he
answers rather deliberately than otherwise,
avoiding superfluous words. His stateliuess
ot physique disappears as lie talks. Frigid us
he seems when first, approached, he is recep
tive, responsive and sympathetic. These
traits In his character and his accessibility
have caused him to be imposed upon, but
such experiences have not changed his habits.
If Mr. Gage has a coacu it must be for the
benefit of his family. His home, a plain
house, is near Lincoln Park, and is two miles
from the bank. In spite of the uncertainties
of the Chicago climate and the pranks of the
cable system, Mr. Gage tnveUover the cable
tars summer and winter. People in the
vicinity of State and Division streets know to
, the minute when Mr. Gage will board the car
at that point on his way to his office.
Mr. Gage is fond of the theater, but unless
the occasion is extraordinary he is never seen
in a bos, except during the opera season or
the Theodore Thomas concert season at the
Auditorium, and only when the last events
are patronized by him does he ride in a car
riage. Mr. and Mrs. Gage gj out very little iv
society, and yet the home oi Mr. Gage is a
lavonteone with Chicago's best people. Mr.
Gage prefers the neighborly call.
Mr. Gage became generally known to the
country on account of his interest in the
World's, Fair of 1893. He was the first presi
dent of tiie directory of the Columbian Expo
sition, and although he declined to remain at
the head of the directory he never neglected
an opportunity to show that he was proud of
his city und its efforts to make the fair a suc
cess. Theie are a few men in Chicago who
know how to sit a banquet through and find
their own hats. Mr. Gage is one of them.
X KbONAL
H. D. Stolle of Denver is in the City.
L. Johnson of Cambria is at the Russ.
Frank O'Connell of Anaconda is in town.
Lorenzo Hervey of Ireiand is iv the City.
H. P. Spalding of Truckee is a late arrival
here.
G. H. Klrkpatrick of Honolulu is at the
Grand.
H. K. Wood of Salt Lake is a late arrival
here.
Henry Sarllan of ViUedleu, France, is at the
Occidental.
E. W. Brown, a business man of Chicago, Is
at the Palace.
\V. EL Green of Fresno is registered at the
Cosmopolitan.
Lieutenant K. S. Torchlin of the German
army is in town.
John H. Roberts, clerk in the Bank of Ma
dera, is at the Lick.
Louis Meyer, proprietor of the Healdsburg
Tribune, is on a visit here.
Dr. G. Tucker of the United States
navy is a late arrival here.
James EL Bushnell mid Mrs. Bushnell, of
Chicago, are an a visit here.
George St. Clair and William Kt. Clair of
Ophir, I'tan, are at the Russ.
Tom Lane of Angels Camp, superintendent
of the Utica mine, is at the Palace.
Lieutenant-Goverr.or William T. Jeter Is a
visitor here. He is at the Palace.
P. T. Blnck of Sacramento, State Superintend
ent of Public Instruction, is at the Grand.
John R. Tregloan, the mining superintend
ent of Amador, is in town, end ht the Grand.
Loins Tinbert of Bordeaux came on the City
of Peking yesterday. He is at the Occidental.
J. D. Ritchey ana John Fisher, both of Min
turn, are recent arrivals ai the Cosmopolitan.
Miss L. N. Duryee, a missionary of Amoy,
China, arrived here yesterday, and is at the
Occidental.
I'uymßster A. W. Bacon of the United States
navy wns among the arrivals on the City of
Peking yesterday.
C. A. Harper arrived here to-day on the
steamship Ci'y of Peking, and is staying at
the Cosmopolitan.
Joseph A. Manning, a prominent young
business man of San Jose, is a recent arrival at
the Cosmopolitan.
Kx-Governor J. H. Kinkead of Nevada and
Alaska, who is now superintendent ol leading
properties on the Corns tock, is at the Palace.
Justice C. EL Garoutte of the Supreme
Court, Mm. Garoutte and daughters returned
yesterday on the City of Peking from a visit to
Honolulu.
Robert K. Lynch, the private secretary of
the Uev. J. George tilbson and student of
theology, will leave to-day ior Louisville, Ky.,
to take a three years' course in the Southern
Baptist Theological Seminary.
General John R. Matthews, Postmaster of
Los Angeles, and M. H. Flint, a Postotlice In
spector of the same place, arrived in this City
yesterday and culled on the Postoffice authori
ties to discuss matters connected with the de
partment.
K. AoiU and Y. Wadaki, officials of the
Japanese navy, who have come to watch the
building of two cruisers at the Union Iron
Works and two nt Cramp's yard, are at the Oc
cideutal. accompanied by four Japanese engi
neers. They will be here some time before
setting out for Philadelphia.
CALIFORNIAN^ IN NEW YORK
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. s.— At New York
hotels: Windsor, E. Hoyt Jr., R. O'Neill, Miss
C. Gibbon, J. Childs; Murray Hill, C. C. Rledy.
Miss Gertrude Buck arrived on (he Trave.
SPOIS ON THE SUN.
The large sun spot of January Is again visi
ble to the nnked eye. Having crossed the disk
in the first weeks of that month, on the 15th it
was near lh« western limb of the suu, and on
the iollowing day was undiscernlb c. Solar
rotation brought it round to view again on
January 29, near the east limb. A less fore
shortened view on February 1 showed that it
wns in three parts; that Its long penumbral
Sunspot, February 5, 2 P. M.
train had been lost, and that it was decreased
in size; but notwithstanding these changes,
when near the center of the disk on February
5 it was distinctly visible without magnifying
power. The largest section is about 27,000
miles iv diameter and the two smaller about
one-fourth.
On the west limb of the sun is a telescopic
group composed of spots of average size, which
appeared on January 30 and the days follow
in?. Rose O. Halloran. •
San Francisco, February 5
HIS RECORD KEPT CLEAN.
Lyncbburg News.
A few days ago a tramp called at a well
known home in the city at about breakfast
time and asked for something to eat The
gentleman of the house informed the tramp
that there was a pile oi wood in his back yard,
and that if he would saw up a quantity oi it
he would t;ive him a breakfast.
The tramp agreed, aud the gentleman of the
house forthwith conducted him to the pile of
wood, and after pointing out to Him the saw
retired Into the house.
A short time thereafter, wishing to 6ee how
the tramp was progressing, he went out into
the yard. Tne trump had disappeared and
not a log of wood had been sawed. As he ap
proached the pile of wood he uoticed a piece oi
paper fastened to the «aw, and on it were writ
ten these words:
Just tell them th«t you saw we,
iv you never saw me saw.
SOON THERE WILL BE NO SUCH THING AS A SECRET.
Any one may be told tnings about himself which he never even dreamed of. For instance,
yon can be shown just how you wouid act under certain circumstances or when certain
emotions are arouseo. And one can be told whetner or not his love is genuine. But only
scientists who have made careful study can
do this correctly.
Now society ha 3 a new fad.
It is that oi judging the characters of hu
manity by the "windows of the sou!," and
any of those who have become interested in It
can tell you lots of things about yourself.
How do they doit?
A writer who knows nil about it gives his
knowledge to the world through the columns
of The Call, and it will all appear on Sunday.
Did you ever try to think, out just what
"power" was ?
Sometimes there is enough of that strange
thing called "power" in a little object that
would not cover an inch on a plane surface to
wreck buildings and take hundreds of human
lives.
Consider the power in a torpedo that could
sink one of onr large warships. But a way
has been found to protect warships from these
torpedoes.
The Sunday Call has a long article on the subject which it will be worth your whlla
to rend.
If you like cats tou will enjoy yourself to the utmost in reading about that Black Cat.
It's not a troublesome cat with one eye gone, but a bright, intelligent cat. One of those
that you wouldn't be afr&id to meet in some future reincarnation.
Though you dou't want to wait until the cat catches up with you.
If you don't like cats, you will be interested anyway in The Call's bright and novel story
to-morrow.
The "hobby" story is bound to catch your fancy. It treats of people you know, and their
fads. Then there is the children's page with so many pretty stories and puzzles and apt
illustrations; and there are characteristic letters trom the little ones, and very pleasant they
are, too.
The society people have received a great deal of attention this week, and their doings are
faithfully chronicled. There are fashions straight from Paris. Descriptions of bewitching
cowns and hats and lingerie. Besides, to lover 3of whist, there are new points on the game to
be found in The SUNDAY Call which are invaluable. Aad you cannot lind them any
where else.
The book page is not the least among the attractions, and will give you news concerning the
best authors aud their latest works.
In fact, there is hardly an item of live interest to our people that The BXJKDAT Call will not
touch upon. Don't fnil to have a bright, newsy sheet to read after breakfast Sunday morning-
The fcCNDAY Call is what you want.
THE COW-PUNCHERS LAMENT THE "DUCHESS."
"Yes, the 'Duchess' is dead," said one of the habitues of a downtown resort, as he elevated
his feet to .he top of a small table in a retired corner, says the Washington Post. "Yes, she' B
deaU, poor old Duchess, and who do you suppose will wear the most crape for her? It won't
be the society women who read her and pretended they didn't really care about her; it won't
be the boarding-school girls who smuggled
her stories into bed in the dormitories after
the lights were supposed to be out, nor It
won't be the ladies below stairs, but another
class of citizens entirely. It will be the cow
punchers and mule-skinners out West. As
soon as the news gets around their way they
will genuinely mourn and assure one another
that the light of modern literature bm gone
out, though that won't be the way they will
probably put it. They will discuss it around
the campfires at night, digging their boot
heels into the sand the while, and interlard
their eulogies with profanity. But the gr:ef
will be genuine, more so than will be printed
in any literary review.
"The cow-puncher is going fast. He will
soon follow the Duchess to her long home, but
while he lusts he is one of her stanch support
ers. This may seem strange, but it is so. No
less an authority than Teduy Roosevelt com
ments on it in his 'Life on the Rauge,' and I
have noted it myself, knock ing around west of
the hundredth meridian. The cow-puncher
and the miner have a vein of romanticism in
their natures not suspected by those who dew
them "from a car window' after the manner of
our own R. Harding Davis.
"I have strucK a cow camp by the road after
twilight, when the bacon was sending up its
gratetul ince.ise to heaven nnd the cook was
swearing becnuse the salaratus for the bis
cuits had piven out. .There were five men of the
outfit stretched out on the sand, reading by
the light of a stub c lantern, swung from the
tall of the grub wagon. Four of those ti\ c men
were reading stories by the Duebesp, and the
fifth was absorbed in a volume by Mrs. E. D.
N. South worth. He was n friend of mine,
'Happy Jack' Demson. of more or less feme in
Colorado. He told me once in confidence that
many years before he had read a book by Mrs.
Southworth, and ever after thar, if he wanted to read anything, he got something else by her
because he knew then he would be getting something he liked.' " '
"Many others in the arid West are of his mind, but the Duchess has the call. You know
swapping books is one of the polite amenities of the cattle trail. Every maa has two or three
paper-backs rolled in his slicker be.'iind his saddle, or stowed in his warbag at the bottom of
the grub wagon, nnd when a strnn«er breaks into camp there is a general exchange of litera
ture. I have lia"hed my stock of iiierature ou a ranchhouse table after supper or in a cimp by
some remote water hole, and I always figured thut tne Duchess was ace high on a trade for
anything on the board. She will take precedence over Jules Verne and Bret Harte or any
jinmber and sort of out-of-date magazines. I confess a partiality for her myself, but I never
used to buy one of her books, bccuu.se I knew when I had traded'off all my own stoci 1 would
come back with as many of her books as I had room to pack with my plunder.
"I'm not trying to explain it. I'm only stating a fact, and an. storekeeper who vends
paper-back books in a frontier town will tell you the same thing. Tne Duchess appeals to the
Under rein of love and romance in the breast of the cow-pu:icher, aud he will, with proianlty,
lament her loss."
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE
Lord Salisbury is fond ol relating the tale of
•'The Small Barber of Portsmouth." Some
years ago Lard Salisbury had occasion to enter
into a bnrber's-shop ia a suburb of the "Naval
City." The tonst>rial artist recognized his cus
tomer, for when his Lordship passed the shop
some two or three days lifter the event he was
surprised and amused to find a placard in the
window bearing the following notice: '-Hair
cut, 3d. With the same scissors as I cut Lord
Salisbury's hair, 6d."
For some years Emperor William wore his
mustache with a ferocious tipper curl that
cave him a very military Rspect. A great
change has taken place during the last few
months. The imperial mustache now stands
at right angles with the imperial countenance,
just as an ordinary civilian's might. This
more pacific habit of William's whiskers is
regarded by some as a happy augury for the
peace of Europe.
Pillsbury, the greet American chess-player,
maintains his wonderful control of his nerv
ous system by great care in his hßbits. He
eatß meat but once a day, never drinks any
thing stronger than milk, and always sleeps at
least seven hours out of the Itwenty-four. He
smokes many strong cigars a day, however.
The Archduke Francis Ferdinand is one of
the crack shots of Europe. He prefers to shoot
with smokeless powder, and handles his
weapon very rapidly and with an extremely
accurate aim. The Austrian heir-presumptive
is recently credited with having killed over
480 head of same in an hour and a half. To
perform this (treat feat he kept three loaders
constantly employed.
General Baratieri, the Italian soldier, who
has so far recovered the use of his feet that he
can move about his hous-e at Arco with the aid
of crutches, is now working on his memoirs,
in which the ill-fated African campaign will
have an importaut part.
Salt, sausages and hard-boiled eggs soaked
in brine formed ihe yearly Christmas present
which the Halle and der Saale Salt Corpora
tion offered to the German Emperor.
NEWSPAPER PLEAbANfRY.
Freddy, th»» small fou of a well-known min
ister, h.:d misboaved, and to punish him he
was not allowed to ent at the family table. A
small table was set for him in the corner of
thj dining-room. When his dinner was placed
before him Freddy said very solemnly :
"Lord, I thank thee that thou hast spread a
table before me in presence ot my enemies."—
judge.
"Yes, sir," said Mr. Winbiddle to a stranger,
"I insist that all water used for drinking and
culinary purposes should be boiled at least
half an hour."
"You are a physician, I presume."
"No; I am a coal-dealer."— New York Jour
nal.
"Is the sail the only thing that guides a
ship ?" asked the green passenger.
"No," said tue mate, "there are rudders."—
Indianapolis Journal.
Thompson— l had a great surprise last even
ing.
Darrow— How was that T
Thompson— My wife introduced me to a fel
low who never was one of her old beans,—
Cleveland Leader.
"Prisoner at the bar," said his Lordship
solemnly, having donned the blnck cap, "you
will shortly have to appear before another,
and — perhaps — a better Judge."— London
Household Words.
"Wouldn't you feoi helpless, Emeline, if you
beiird the wolf at your door ?''
"Not much; I'd pull him in by the ears and
make a lovely rug out oi him."— Detroit Free
Press.
"Why didn't the fight come off ?"
"One of the pugilists had an attack of
•writer's cramp.' " — Judge.
IN FRATERNAL BONDS.
Magnolia Lodge of the Ancient Order
of United Workmen Hag a
House war in ing.
Magnolia Lodge No. 41, A. O. U. \V., held a
great meeting last Monday night in celebra
tion of moving into new quarters in Shiets
building. It has now one of the largest lodge
rooms in the City. There was a large attend
ance of members and many visitors. There
was the initiation of three candidates, the re
ception of three applications, the election of
M. J. ilßley as master and S. Schwartz as fore
man of tha lodge, to fill the vacancies, and the
election of John Hoesch, Jacob Davis, John
Kafferty, EL Isaacs and Caleb Brind as repre
sentatives to the Grand Lodge. Then followed
an impromptu programme, John Hoesch act
ing as muster of ceremonies. Past Supreme
Master Workmen William H. Jordan delivered
an address; Joseph P. utz sang a song; Bobbie
Mitchell sang a song and gave a recitation ;
Grand Overseer Herman Sehaffner delivered
an interesting address; Protessor Bazz:ni
favored with a song; Charles McCarthy had
something to say about the new gunners; the
district deputy gave some music-il selections,
and after a song by William Brown and com
icalities by Joseph Telphoon refreshments
were served. Since the adoption of the ntw
p!nn of assessments this lodge has increased
its membership hy thirty, and there are now
the names of 290 members on the roll. The
lodge pays #10 a week to members in case of
sickness. During the last lourteen years the
lodge has paid in sick benefits $36;OOO, and
has still $7500 in bank.
The Junior Order.
State Councilor schacrtzer of the Junior
Order American Mechanics, who is making
a tour of tiie southern part of the State, visit
ing councils there, reports that he found the
council at Redoudo flourishing and that it
expects to send two representatives to the
next mteting of the State council. At Los
Angeies he found John Adams Council In a
good condition, and at San Diego noted much
activity and interest in the council at that
place. He announces that there is every pros
pect of a council being instituted at Escon
dido before trie session of the next Grand
Council which is to be held in Sacramento on
the 2d of next Marc.i.
Starr Kiiiu Council held a meeting last
Tuesdny night, when the subject of remov
ing front the council hall in sn;els building
;o a hall in the Mission district was brought
up r.nd discussed. The matier was linully re
.erred to a committee to investigate and re
port as to the class of hall ihat could be se
cured in that district. The council was or
ganized in tne Mission and i*ie members feel
that their meeting-place ought to be there.
The council received a progress report from
its committee on Washington's binhday cele
bration. The council, which numbers 162,
expects to make a five showing in the parade
in Oakland.
On Wednesday this council was called upon
to pay the iast honors to the memory of one
of its members, Ernest Augustus Johnson,
who died a few days since at the age of 19
years. The council followed the remains of
its late member to the last resting-place.
Silver Star lodge, O. of the W.
The ifllcers of Silver Star Loc'ge, Order of the
World, were recently installed in Foresters'
Hall by Deputy Dove, assisted by Deputy Car
brae, in tho presence of a large number of peo
ple. The following named are the officers for
the ensuing term : Richard Cayford, president
F. O. Ho:niquist, vice-president; H. R. Deitz
secretary; Mrs. Warner, treasurer; J. A. Dove
chaplain; Charles A. Brittan, marshal, Mrs
Hobboee, guard; William Kippei, seminal-
Mrs. R. Cayford. J. L. Cahill and J. T. ClancV
trustees, and Mrs. WMlinms, organist. Alter
the installation there was an impromptu pro
gramme and refreshments in the banquet
hall.
National I'nion.
Tho following-named officers of Yosemite
Council, National Union, were installed last
Monday by Deputy Bunting: M. Crotty, presi
dent; A. Breen, vice-uresident; A. 11. Cousin,
ex-president; E. Souther, speaker; W. \V. Peck!
recording secretary; F. W. Cooke, financial
secretary; Thomas Hullng, treasurer; R. K.
Anderson, chaplain: J. J. Logic, usher; J.
Hofl, wrgeant; 0. W. Boyd, doorkeeper. After
I
the installation a pleasant hour was spent and
there was a imoke at the expense of the coun
cil.
At its last ield meeting Golden Gate Coun
cil received two applications and initialed
five candidate. Addresses were made by sev
eral of the members find President Artir
alluded to the very sudden death 01 his father^
as illustrating certain passages of the ritual of
the order. 1
J. X. Kuntin* has been elected secretary of f
the cabinet, with an oilice at 618 Sprectels
building.
Peralta Council of Oakland will hereafter
meet on tie third Thursday of each month,
and at the next meeting a delegation from San
Francisco Council will attend and witness the
installation of the new officers.
:■:■ ■>=:'.• \
lisue d' Henri IV.
The Llgue d'Henri IV has elected the follow
ing named Omen .for the ensuing year; J.
Bayle, president;. J. S. Godeau and P. Belle
grade, vice-presidents; J. A. Bergerot, record
ing secretary; J. Aree.«, financial secretary; [•
Herges, treasurer; P. A. Berjcerot; B. Earthou"
A. Miqueu, L. Lacaze and G. Pouchan, execu
tive committee. \ '
'I he llebekah*.
Stella itebekah Lodge of San Jose will give an
entertainment on the 9- h last, in aid of tn new
orphanacre to be built at Oilroy.
Cypress Rebekan Lodge his secured a meeting
place in the atvr hall recently erected at Pacific
Grove.
On the evening of the 12th Azilea Rebekan
Lod^e will give an entertainment Id Auburn to
help swell the fund for the orphanage.
The new ritual lor i he Kebekah lodges will not
be ready for distribution until the end of the cur
rent month.
California Hebekah Lodge So. 1 will give an
old clothes social on Saturday, the IS.h lost., in
Welcome Hall, Odd Fellows' building.
Mission Tent, &nights of the Maccabees.
There was an unusually large attendance at, the
review of Mission Tent, Knights of the Maccabees,
and a great deal of enthusiasm was manifested.
Four candidates were Initiated and the tent is con
tinually Increasing its memnershlp. The or.]
generally is flourisulng, and those at Its head ex
pect soon to make it one of the leading ones of tha
State.
■
ANSWERS TO LORREbPONDENTS.
The Customs Service— Subscriber, San Ra
fael, Marin County, Cal. Presuming that your
question refers to the Custom-house at U ■
port of San Francisco will inform you that the
chief clerk, who is also special deputy, re
ceives an annual salary of $4000. There are •
other clerks, who are paid different annual /
salaries; namely, $1800, $1(500, $1400 and
$1200. Day inspectors are pa ds3 per day,
assistant weighen are paid $1200 a year and
messengers $840 a year.
Lottery Tickets— P. X., City. Under the
State law it is a misdemeanor for any person
to sell lottery tickets, punishable by a fine of
$500 or six months' imprisonment, or both.
The law does not in direct terms say that it is
a crime to purchase a lottery ticket. An oidi
nance of the City and County of San
Francisco makes it a mlsdeameanor to
have in possession a lottery ticket, unless
the same be lor an innocent or law
ful purpose. It is also a misdemeanor for
any one to contribute in any manner to the
support of a lottery. The punishment under
the City ordinance is a fine not to exceed $500
or imprisonment not to exceed six months, or
both.
At Large — C. P. F., Shandon, San Luia
Obispo County, Cal. In the United States a
Congressman at large is one elected by the
voters of the whole State instead of those of &
district. When a State fails to redistrict beioro
the election following the reappointment for
Representatives according to the latest census,
the additional members of the House from
that State are elected by the entire State in
stead of by districts. When the cumber of
Congressmen in a State is reduced, and the
Stntu also Jails to redistrict previous to elt-c
--tion, all the Representatives from that State
are elected on a general ticket, and are known
as Congressmen at large. Their duties are the
same as those of any other Representatives.
Delegates at large are those delegates who rep
resent a Slate or a county, and not a particular
district or section.
MES. SEALES' DEATH.
A Former Resident of San Francisco
Ixpires In Cleveland, Ohio.
The following extract from the Cleve
land Leader of the ''4th ult., regarding tlia
death of a former resident of this City, will
be read with interest:
In the death of Mrs. If. Virginia Scales. wifo
of Daniel Scales Sr., at her home, 345 Woodland
ftvenue, Wednesday morning, a paiient suf
ferer of twelve years breathed her last.
Hemorrhage of tne heart caused her death.
-Mrv S.-ales was in her sixty-seveuth year and
leaves besides her husbanu to mourn her losh
four children : Mr. Charles B. Scale . a druggi-t
of Chicago; Mrs. J. C. Robinson of Mississippi,
ami Miss Elizabeth H. Scales and Daniel
Scales Jr. of thia City. Mrs. Scales was of
a patient and lovuble nature, a devoted
wife and ideal mother. Endowed with the
cardinal virtue of lorgiveness, the nob.o
side of her nature was shown to all. Mrs.
Scales was a member of Plymouth Congrega
tional Chui eh, the family's house of worship.
The funeral occurred from her late home yes
terday at 2 p. m., the remains being placed in
the vault In Woodland Cemetery, where the
family lot is. Owing to the sickness of Rey
L. L. Taylor of Ply mouth Congregational
Church, Rev. Dr. Robert vi. Hutchins of the
Woodland-avenue Presbyterian Church offi
ciated at the services.
OHAELES MAINE'S ESTATE.
Claims of the So-Called Merzbach
Heirs Disputed in the Probate Court.
In the matier of the estate of Charles
Mayne (also known as Merzbach), de
ceased, Berthold Tausk and Mrs. Hulda
Steam have filed an answer to the contest
ot Simon Merzbacb, Mrs. Rosalie Gold
smith and Leopold Merzbach. Mr. Tausk
nni Mrs. Steam der.y thai the contestants
are the next of kin of said Mayne or that
contestants have any interest in the estate,
becaxise he left him surviving nephews
and nieces, who nre one degree nearer of
kin than the contestants.
Strong hoarhound candy, 15c. Townsend's*
California glace fruits, 50c a pound, in hand
some baskets. Townsend's, Palace building.*
FrECiAL Information daily to manufacturer*,
business houses and public men by tho PraM
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery.*
Menelek, the victorious Negus of Abyssinia,
hns ordered from the Russian painter. Poljaw,
a picture to represent the battle of Adua. It
Is to interpret the Idea that St. George as
sisted the Abyasiniaus to their victory over,
the Italians, and is destined for a place in thai
Negus' palace. k
"Brown's Bronchial Troches" areaslmpToX
yet mosc effectual remedy for Coughs, Hoarseness
and Bronchial Iroublej. Avoid imitations.
Wild, but always effective. Ayer's Pills are In-
unable as v. inmlly rneJlclue, both for children
ituU adults.
Lady Henry Somerset is so deeply interested
in tne Armenian refugees that she has sent a
woman dector and two trained nurses from
London to Bulgaria to care for those who are
sick. A refuge is to be built and the work
carried on under the auspic -s of the World's
Woman's Christian Temperance Union.
XEW TO-DAT.
POWDER
Absolutely Pure.
Celobr.ited for lt-i (treat leavrntnK strength and
healthfulness. Assures the food against alum »" (1
all forms of adulteration common to the cM-»P
brand s.
Koyal Bakixu Powbke Co,, New York.AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin Tiikatkr -Ma.iioe, "Mary Stuart."
To-n!gl)t, "Macbeth."
Columbia Thka:kr -The Prodigal Father."
Moboscoi (iPKin-Horsi. - The Westerner."
.Alcazar Tiikatkr A Legal Wreck." 1
Tivoli Opera House.— -Aladdin; or, The
Wonderful .Lamp
Oui'iiKi-M.- High-Class Vaudeville.
Sut Baths— and I erformances.
TllK iin iks AND SKATING It INK— Dally at
Haight street, one block cast of the Park.
(ai roFKi* n nKATKR.— MiIe. Antoinette Tre-
bell). Tu»sday evening, February 9.
Pacific Coast Jockky Ci.rn Races to-day.
SATURDAY FEBRUARY 6,1897
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Coroner Hawkins Held ten inquests yester
day.
Judpe Mf Kenna will not decide the Oaklan 1
water-iron case.
Unsettled weather Saturday with showers
and frush winds is the weather prediction ior
to-day.
Lady Hurst, Benamela. Kimer F, Pat Mur
phy B:ifi Khtuca ivi-ro the winners ai Ingleside
yesterday.
Mrs. Elisabeth Cuello has been granted a
divorce from Joseph J. Cuello on the ground
of desertion.
The young ladies of the First Christian
Church will preunt a novel eiitertniument to
morrow evening.
Robert Lynas has been awarded #5000 dam
ages In his sun against the owners of the
bchoo:ier Pioneer.
Judge Hebbard has given judgment for the
plalni ase oi KoLiert Hright against
DiaaUter, Mary Craig.
JCxoeutions to the number of twenty-one and
amounting to against Behrend Joost
were put on record yekterduy.
tn hi', r h mass was held at
Sacred Henr; ( burch ve-teiday for the repose
of the soui of Father H. G. Dockery.
George Carter, charged with trying to pick a
woman's pocket, was acquitted by a jury in
Judge Carroll Cook's court yesterday.
The Caledonian Club last night donated
$1000 to the Burns inuiiument fund ; also the
proceeds oi all games for the coming year.
. The junior clnss of the Hastings Law School
has drafted resolutions of reeret upon the
prospective resignation of Judge Slack.
Charles Harold was admonished to stick to
the truth in Judge Carroll Cook's court yester
day. He came near being arrested for per
jury.
The wills of Sarah B. Cooper and her daugh
ter, Harriet, have been offered for probaty in
Judue Coffey's department of the Superior
Court.
Dean Peck, field superintendent of the
Christian Alliance, will arrive in Oakland
from the southern portion of the State this
evening.
The nephews and nieces of Charles Mayne,
alias Merzbach, deceased, declare that the so
called Merzbach heirs have no legal interest
in the estate.
The Iroquois Club last evening elected their
delegates :o the annual meeting of the State
League. Joseph Leggett was elected us dele
gate at large.
Joseph Mooney, a member of the police force
located in the Mission, while intoxicated yes
terday morning tired three shots into an elec
tric car. No one was injured.
Judge Wallace nas continued the matter of
the sentence of Arthur Jackson, convicted of
the crime of manslaughter for killing August
Florentine, until the 12th inst.
A mass-meeting will be held at Metropoli
tan Temple tc-night under the auspices oi the
Manufacturer* 1 and Producers' A-^ociation to
consider the convict labor question.
D. Porter of Porter Bros., fruit commission
merchants, sj.eaking on behalf of both the
latter and t!ie grower yester Jay. urged the res
toration of 3 cents on Druuesand 3 cents on
nut.«.
The late heavy rain has caused considerable
damage to property on the City front, besides
cailii.g for tin- expenditure of a large amount
of money for the repair of sewers and cul
verts.
The name of Police Commissioner Gunst was
bolore t/.e Labor Council yesterday, and it v. as
the subject of much unfavorable comment.
He if getting mixed up with the cigar-makers'
unions.
The call U r aid for the starving and plague-
Rtrirken of India i< meeting with hearty re
. and the Atchiaon ana Topeka Company
wi:i transport 1000 tons of grain to this City
free of charge.
Tne Friday-Night Club held a cotillon at
Odd Fellows' Hall last evening, which will
; re b ibly be the last meeting of me club until
after Lent. K. 11. Greeuway led wiih Miss
.Delia .Davidson.
Judge Slack has decided in the case of Nan
nie Murdock against William C. Murdock mat
wrongdoine on the part of a divorced woman
not relieve her ex-huibanU from the obii
ga:ioa to pay alimony.
The Polk-street Improvement Club objects to
-• It stated that it is opposed to the re
moval of the Poik-street hiil. On the con
trary, it claims to get rid of that is one oi the
I urposes of its organization.
At the annual meeting of the County Home
opathic Society held on Monday evening the
following officers were elected for 1897: Presi
dent, Dr. <>. H. liar tin; vice-president. Dr.
V.i.iam Bocricke; secretary, Dr. Guy E. Man
ning: treasurer, Dr. F. G. Canney.
The Grand Jury began an inquiry yesterday
astowhy Morgan & Co.'s bid for putting a
heating apparatus into the Mission Hich
School was accepted, although it was the
highest of all the bids. When they asked for
the pimis, supposed to be on file in the office of
the Board of Education, it was discovered th«.t
they had been withdrawn.
There was excitement enough at the Citr
Hall yesterday. The fees ot Architect Haven's
for the Mission High School work, the salary
of Superintendent Condon of the new munici
pal buildings, and several other bills were
held up. The Grand Jury took part in the
proceedings and papers in the mandamus suit
of Fish and Game Warden Mogan for a Janu
ary salary were served on Auditor Broderick
additionally enlivening the situation.
The public is Invited to attend a series of
lectures by Key. Haskett Smith, to be Riven at
Golden Gate Hall (not in the Y. M. C. A. Audi
torium as reported), the first two on the sub
j ctof "Egypt." The first lecture, which will
be for the benefit of St. Peers organ debi,
will take place on February IG, under tne aus
pices of the Brotherhood of St. Andrew in San
Francisco. The Bishop of California will pre
side at this first lecture only.
The Council oi Associated Industries will
hold a special meeting to-day at 2 r. m. in the
rooms of the Manufacturers' and Producer?.'
Association. Mills building. There will be a
full attendance of the delegates, as many im
.portant questions will come up for considera
tion, among them being the numerous bills
futticred by the council now before the Legis
lature. The subject of convict-labor competi
tion will take pre-eminence, and decisive ac
tion in the matter is expected.
The lioys, 100 in number, once quartered on
the o d ship Independence, have b\en giv> :i a
change of quarters. Tne ancient vessel was
found too crowded for comfort, and so they
were transferred ;o the L'niud States ship
Aduins, now auch. red <,fT BftUMlitO. They «r?
an ambitious lot ol youngsters, and are profit
ing excetdinpiy by a study oi their changed
conditions. The boys wi.i remain on the
A<.ain> until the Peiisatoia is ready for their
recep
NEW TO-DAY.
Blood
Humors
Whether itching, burning, bleeding, scaly,
crusted, pimply, or blotchy, whether simple,
scrofulous, or hereditary, from infancy to age,
speedily cured by warm baths with Cctiouka.
Boap, gentle anointings with Ccticcha (oint-
ment), the great skin cure, and mild doses
of Cuticuba Resolvent, greatest of blood
purifiers and humor cures.
Qticura
It told throughout the world. Porn* Deco ato Chbm.
Cobp., Sole Prop*.. Boiton. - - - -
or " liow to Cure Every Blood Humor," free.
CAPC UIIMODO Filline Hair and B»by Blem-
. ■ nUL nUIVILnO Uhe« cured bj Cuiiccjla ßoa*
TO CON OLD
MYSTERIES
Large Colleges to Be Estab
lished for Their Study
at San Diego.
WHY A TRACT WAS GOT
AT POINT LOMA.
One Edifice on the Corinthian
Style and One on the
Egyptian.
FOUNDATION-STONES FROM IRE
LAND AND£GYPi\
E. B. R ,mbo's Strange Account cf the
Purchase ani the Many Men Who
Are Behind the Enterprise-
Over a month aeo the announcement
was made from San Diego of the mys
terious purchase of 132 acres of land there
by two men, one unknown and the other
being C. A. Grconi of New York. Va
! rious reasons were assigned as probable
I for the purchase.
According to one report the land was to
be ussd as technical grounds for the Union
Pacific system, which was to be com
pleted there from Salt Lake. Another had
J it that since the land lay so near to Mex
ico it was to be used for a trans-Pacific
cable station. And still another reason
assigned for the purchase was that the
land was to be utilized for docks for a fa?-t
stearusiiip line to Japan. Another am
bitious correspondent tigured out that the
Iranchise was all owing to the determina
tion to complete at once the Nicaragua
canal.
Finally another dispatch reached San
Francisco saying the secret was out. The
land had been bought for a second Monte
Carlo.
All this was very interesting, but neces
sarily much of it must be very unreliable.
I The real reason, however, is now known.
| One of the mon who caused so much con
| jecture was E. B. Rambo of this City,
and he yesterday gave the story of the
purchase with the real reason therefor.
! Odd as it may seem it is as surprising and
| strange as any of the others that have
been assigned.
The land was bought for the establish
ment of a school for the revival of the
lost mysteries of antiquity. Tins sounds
strange, even impracticable, in this niat
ter-of-iact time, but Mr. Rambo says that
not only is that the object, Dut that the
progressive spirits whicn have cast their
lot together in the enterprise have incor
i porated in almost these irords.
A building is to 'oe erected at once. In
I fa t the cornerstone is to be laid between
i tne 15th and 20ih inst., as Mr. Rambo
i tays. Already the plan* are coninle ed,
and there is to be no delay. Foundation
stonei are to be used In the masonry
I gathered from different parts of the world.
| There is larce wealth repre ented in the
| purchase. Mr. Ranibo gave a list of the
| prominent gentlemen identified with it,
i and vita the strange school that is to be
, established. Not only are a number of
I these men very wealthy, but they are
widely known, and among them are some
of the ieauing thinkers of the country.
"The exact amount of land which we
have purchased," said Mr. Rambo, "is
132>i acres. It is on Point Loma, and
| borders the bay of San D.ego, and com
| niands a beautiful view of it. the ocean,
| Coronado and San Dieeo. In one place
i the ground mes 300 feet high, so that tne
prospect all around is commanding. Mr.
Grisconi and myself kept our mission
secret in San Diego, because if it had been
known what we were there for, we would
have had to pay probably $25,000 instead
of about $12,000 for tne land, and nine or
ten years ayo we would have had to pay a
dozen times what we paid for it.
"Toil land is ioi a system of schools
anc colleges. It has been supposed by
some that the Masons were going to begin
some extraordinary educational work
i there, and by others that the tlieosophists
were going to do so. Neither of these
suppositions is quite correct, though a
number of those in the enterprise are
either one or the other, but not all.
"Our object in buying the land is in
brief to establish a college for the revival
of the lost mysteries of antiquity. We
have thought that at this remote pointon
the American continent, where the en
vironment is so favorable, this would be
the bes; of all places for it. It is not to be
a school for youths, but for thinking
people all over tne world. We expect to
' have eminent men and women, too, as in
structors, but, perhaps, not immediately.
They will come when we get the school
! under way.
"\V'e Will at first erect a handsome
| wooden building 120 feet long, two and
three stories high, with Corinthian col-
I umns and broad piazzas. The building is
contracted for already. There are lo be
extensive libraries, a large hall, reading
| room* and other departments in the tirst
j story, including a kitchen and dining
room, which occupy one wing.
"Th<s entire building will be classical
in finish. It will have large verandas
facing the ocean and San Diego, with large
columns surrounding them. This build
in^, though spoken ol as temporary, will
1 stand and oe usod permanently. But the
j permanent building, as it is now alluded
I to, wul be in another styleof architecture.
"The coniftr«toncs ot this will be laid
between the 16th and 20th of this month.
I This is to be v school oi higher education,
so called, and in it will be taught phi-
OHophy, science and religions. Tnis will
I be a very large building of stone. The
cornerstones have been collected from
different countries. There is a stone from
Ireland aireauy here, and stonen from
Scotland and Egypt are on the way.
"This building will be Kcvptian'in char
acter, like s-onie of the old temples. It
will be surrounded with smaller buildings.
It is the intention of ninny of our people,
who are men oi wealth and living in the
East and abroad, to conic here and spend
a part of each year there. They will build
| their own residences there and with their
I families enjoy the advantages ot study
I and association with those who are study
ing the mysteries of antiquity. Other
buildings will follow as we can erect them.
"Among the officers of oar society are
i men of wealth and distinction. Dr. J.
; D. Buck, the president, is of Cincinnati
i and the dean ol the Homeopathic Medi
{ cal College there; T. M. Pierce, the vice
| president, is an electrical engineer of New
York; E. A. Nercsbeimor, the treasurer,
la a millionaire diamond merchant of New
York; C. A. Griscom, the secretary, who
whs with me and assisted in making the
purchase, i* manager of the International
Steamship Company, which owns the City
■ ol Paris, City of New York and other
I Hleamers; Dr. A. P. B ;chanan, one of the
j directors, is one of the foremost physicians
; of Fort Wayne; Dr. A. Keightiey is
a wealthy gentleman of London, Eng
land; A. H. Spencer, another director, is
a dry-goods man of New York; 11. T. Pat
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1897.
The Corinthian Building Which Is to Be Erected at Point Loma for the Study of Lost Antiquities.
terson is an extensive hardware manufac
turer in the same city; M. A. Opperman
of Ford, N« V., is in the iron business.
Besides theee there is Dr. J. C. Lopez ol
New Orleans, Dr. Robert Crosbie of Bos
ton, and E. T. Hargrave of Now York.
They are a:l practical and sensible peo
ple, and believe the establishment of the
colleges will result in great good to them
selves and humanity."
Mr. Rambo is secretary of the finance
committee of the incorporation. Though
a dealer in euns and ammunition, he
thinks men can do better things than kill
each other or themselves, and believes
that the study of the antiquities will re
sult in ;he betterment of those who
study, and indirectly the cood of all man
kind. He is a strong theosophist, but in
the study of the antiquities, as is intend
ed, says that there is no bar to any per
son.
A morning newspaper in this C:ty a
few days ago announced that a college Tor
the study of the antiquities v. as to be built
near New York, where between 300 and
400 acres ol land had been secured for a
site. Mr. ll.tmbo says no college of the
kind is to be built near New York and
that the account, though a misconception,
doubtless referred to the propo-eu college
which it is now known will be erecit 1 at
San Diego. Mr. Rambo says that tropical
trees, puch as paims, bananas and pepper
trees, will bo planted to beautify the
grounds. Already there are bearing lemon
trees in different places around the tract
LED WITH A DEBUTANTE.
E M. Greenway Has Miss Da
vidson For a Partner at
the Coti ion.
Fifty. Five Couples Paticipate in the
0 d, Familiar, But Ever P.pular
F gures
What will probably be the last cotillon
before Lent of the Friday Night Club was
held last evening at Odd Fellows' Hall.
As usual, ttie decorations, while not
elaborate, were artistic and consisted
mninly of a tasteful grouping of palms
and ferns and a graceful arrangement of
buntine.
Five figures were danced— old and
familiar figures, that confuse not the par
ticipants, but on the contrary add a de
lightful zest to the occasion.
E. M. Greenway led with Miss Delia
Davidson. The other dancers were:
Lieutenant Bent and Miss Emma Butler, S.
C. Buckbee and >fiss Julia Crocker, Danforth
Boardman and Miss Jessie Giascock, Rhodes
Horden and Miss Moffet, T. B. Berry and Miss
Saliie Maynard, Thomas Breeze and Miss
Carrie Taylor, Allen St. J. Bowie and Miss
Jessie Bowie. A. R. Baldwin and Miss Helen
Wagner, Lieutenant Capps and Miss Jen
nie Blair, R. C. Croxton and Miss
Owen, Leonard Chenery and Miss Merry,
R. W. Campbell and Miss Preston,
A. A. Cotton and Miss Daisy Van Ness, M. W.
Davis and Miss Bernice Drown, C. L. Davis
and Miss Joselyn, H. 8. Dutton and Miss
Sprague, R. L»uperu and Miss Stubbs, Bryant
Urimwood and Miss Hoffman, Bouttiaru Hoff
man Jr. nnd Miss Crockett, Edward Houghton
and Miss Jc«me Hobart, H. Htggins and Miss
l'atton, Percy King anrt Miss Kate Salisbury,
John Law Non and Mlsb Cunningham, Mr.
Lindls an'l Miss Smith. F. W. Mi-Near and
Miss Hoffman, H. B. Montague and
Miss Moody, Thomas Magee and Mrs.
Magee, A. B. Moulder and Mm. Moulder,
Louis Mtsten and Mips Levert, George
A. Martin and Miss Carrie Ta\lor,
Lieutenant D. E. Nolan and Miss Ethel Cohen,
S. Clark I'oner and Miss VoorMes, 11. I>. I'llls
bury aud Miss Taylor, Edyar Peixotto and
ftomle Waiiac<-, Harrison J'arker «nd Miss
Kotte Hooper, Mel'. Kutherionl and Miss Bates,
A. B. Russell aud Miss Cole, (ieralrt Ilatlibnne
nnd Mij-s Moore, Kurbank Sjmcrs und Miss
Buckley, Ray Sherman anil Mlfs Mood*, E. (.'.
Sessions and Miss May Thomas, I'hilip*To:np
kins and Miss Frances Curry, Augustus Taylor
•uj'i Mm Helen Hopkin'g, Lawrence Vim
Winkle and Miss Mamie McNuit, Douglas*
Wmsou and Miss 1J rtha Dolbeer, A. 9,
Williams and >I!s« Gertrude Forman, Allen G.
Wright and Miss Bernice Linders, Lieutenant
Winn and Miss Selineely, A. Fane Wainwright
and Miss Celia Tobla.
Told in Town Talk.
Interesting talcs are told in this week's
Town Talk concerning the people and events
of the hour. In brief, the news of the week in
all departments of activity is presented in
cry-tallized form. The quality and quantity of
Town Talk's contents will equ«l any weekly
in the journalistic market. Among the sub
jects oi current interest noted are the first
concert of the fan Francisco Symphony
Society, the municipality's spasm ol virtue,
the diversions of our lawyers, legal lights in
tUe Coouey csse, weddings, dunces, card
parties, an actress who cannot act, gossip
from the Klalto and other timely topics. *
The Wi In 1 : v,; Cal*.
In the suit of Edwin W. Carpenter and Wil
liam Boerlcke against Elisha V. K. Cook and
Charles \V. Willey, to tost the validity oi the
trust created by the will of the late A. I. Wil
ley, Judge Hebbard has rendered a dcci.-ion
relegating the entire matter to the Probate
Court. He holaa that slttiur no achantelkr
in equity he has no jurisdiction of this class o(
litigation.
Salts for I>ivorce.
Divorce suits have been filed as follows:
Alice I. Daley against Henry Daley, for deser
tion; Annie Williams against J. J. Williams -
for failure to provide; Sarah 1. 8. Page against
Daniel W. i'cgc, for cruelty.
DAY OF HOLD-UPS
IN THE CITY HALL
The Auditor and Supervis
orial Committees Ob
durate.
Havens' Fees and Superintend
ent Condon's Salary a-Giim
mering.
Meantime the Grand Jury Puts Fire
Under the Already Bubbling Mu
nicipal Kettle.
There are great times at the City Hall.
Bills are being held up on all sides. The
architect of the Mission High School will
not be able to collect his fees without a
suit at law. The superintendent pf con
struction of the new municipal building
yesterday had his bill for services for the
last month thrown out. Smaller bills are
disputed and rejected. Meanwhile there
are mandamus proceedings under way,
others are threatened and the atmosphere
of the City Hall corridors is filled with
mutterings, objurgations and heat
lightning.
Yesterday, in fact, was a sort of field
day for holding up bills and bringing to a
focus pending matters. City and County
Auditor Broderick toiled on the lower
floor oi the hall; the Finance Committee
and the Health and Police Committee of
the Board of Supervisors worked on the
floor above. 'Meanwhile, to add to the
excitement, the Grand jury was seeking
information from the Hoard of Education,
asking for the original plans and specifi
cations of the Mission High School and
also all t he contracts appertaining thereto.
The Grand Jury's attention has been
called to the Mission Hitrh >cnoo# matter
through the opinion of Auditor Broderick,
publicly expressed, and to the recital ot
itie facts as publicly made by him. An
investigation concerning the reasons for
the excess of contracts over the estimated
cost as made up originally by Architect
Havens is probably the next move in
that direction.
So Jar as Architect Havens' fees are
concerned, the issue was plainly made up
yesterday. Auditor Broderick had complet
ed his study of decisions and authorities
and had finally determined to rest upon
the opinion furnished to him by City and
County Attorney Creawcll. This he made
clear to Mr. Havens, who called at the
Auditor's office to ascertain what was to
be done. Mr. iiroderick said that he had
determined to return the architect's bill
to the Board of Education. With this
also went the premiums for the plan and,
practically, all that is left undisputed is
the purchase of the site, as the situation
is interpreted at the educational depart
ment.
The situation concerning Architect
Havens' fees has been so fully explained
In these columns that it may not be neces
sary to say more on that point. The
cost Architect Havens estimated for the
building was $137,000. The contracts
amount to $140,000 in round figures. The
architect's fees at 5 per cent amount to
$6000. The bill, which must be collected
through the courts if at all, is for '2% per
cent, one half of the total.
The Auditor had hardly notified Mr.
Havens of his final determination when
papers were served upon him in the man
damus proceedings brought by Joseph H.
Mogan to collect salary as Fish and Game
Warden lor the City and County of San
Francisco for the month of January.
These proceedings later in the day resulted
in the instruction by the Judiciary Com
mittee of the Board of Supervisors to the
City and County Attorney to represent
the Auditor in the matter.
The Finance Committee of the Super
visors had the next innings in the game
of financial battledore and shuttlecock
going on in the City Hall. Daniel E.
Condon, superintend ent of the work upon
the new municipal building, sent in his
bill for £JSO lor the month of January.
The Finance Committee, upon motion of
Supervisor Kottanzi, refused to recom
mend that the bill should be paid, the
ground of the refusal Deing that no work
is being performed and, therefore, there
was nothine for Condon to superintend.
For the preceding month the salary of
the superintendent was forthcoming.
Then some grading was done upon the
site. The cornerstone was laid and some
other work was performed in preparation
for the actual construction of the build
ing. The refusal of the Finance Com
mittee will undoubtedly influence the ac
tion of Auditor Broderick when the bill
shall :ome to him for services in January
and more proceedings in court may possi
bly result.
Bills from J. Millard, extra Chinese in
terpreter, and fc. ii. Simon, extra Qerman
interpreter, were also held up, and also a
bill from Mr. Nolan for two revolving
c airs, which were billed at the rate of
$27 each, and were for the Southern police
station. Supervisor Rottanzi questioned
whether chairs at that price were not a
little too luxurious for tne police use.
THE COOPER WILLS.
Last Testaments of Mother and Daugh
ter Have Been Offered for
Probate.
Probate will be asked for the wills of
both Mrs. Sarah B. Cooper and her daugh
ter, Mis- Harriet Cooper, who were found
dead in bed at their residence in this City
on the 11th of last December.
Mrs. Harriet E. Skilton appears on be
half of the will of Mri. Cooper. She
represents tha: the estate of the decedent
consisted of real estate and personal prop
erty valued at about $10,000. It is
assumed in the petition that Harriet
Cooper survived her mother, as Harriet is
named as Mrs. Cooper's sole heir at law.
The proponents of Miss Cooper's will
also assume the same state of facts to be
true.
Mrs. Irene M. Rawlings presents Har
riet Cooper's will and describes the estate
as worth more than $5000, though the
value is as yet unknown owing to the fact
that no one can as yet say what interest
Miss Cooper had in hor mother's estate.
If Mrs. Cooper's will is declared in
valid, as has been 6ucgested, then Miss
Cooper inherited directly all of her
mother's estate, and the property of both
will be distributed in accordance with the
provisions of the daughter's will, which
is admitted by all to be valid in every par
ticular.
Several decisions have been given by
I the courts of this State that a holographic
will is fatally defective if it is not entirely
in the handwriting of the testator. Mrs.
Cooper's will was written on a printed
letter-head of the Golden Gate Kinder
garten Association, and in making the
date the lady used the printed figures
••189—," and filled in the blank by adding
j the figure 'C with her pen. A claim will
I be made by Attorneys Gunnison, Booth
I & Bartnett that Mrs. Cooper republished
the date at the conclusion of her will by
the allegations that she signed said docu
ment "on the date above written," and
that by this act the technical argument
against validity is overcome.
It appears probable there will be no
contest or opposition to the pro Date of
Mrs. Cooper's will on the part of any of
■ the heirs. In that event it remains to be
; seen whether the court will of its own
I motion take cognizance of the alleged
defect in the execution of the instrument.
In any event, however, the heirs have it
in their cower to have Mrs. Cooper's
wishes carried out, as the heirs of Mrs.
Cooper are also the heirs of Miss Cooper,
j aud both estates are amply able to meet
the requirements of the legacies provided
for.
Both cases will be called for hearing in
Judge Coffey's court on the li)th inst.
MRS. MURDOCH'S ALIMONY.
Her lii-lluubmul Munt Pay No Matter
What Mi- Do««.
Judge Slack has rendered an important
decision in the divorce case of Nannie
Murdoch against \YUliam C. Murdoch.
Two years ago Mrs. Murdoch was
granted a divorce on the ground of cruelty
and she was allowed $125 a month alimony
and the custody of the minor child. Last
month the ex-husband applied to be re
lieved of the burden of paying alimony on
the ground that His former wife's life is
not blameless.
Mrs. Murdoch's attorney objected to the
stoppage of the alimony, .-aying that
whether she was guilty or not her husband
\va« bound to support her, and that the
decree could not be iegaliy amended in
this regard. To support this position the
decision of the Supreme Court oi New
York in the noted case of Forrest against
Forrest was cited, where the great actor's
wife was granted a divorce. Subsequently
Forrest offered to prove thut his former
wife was not living proDerly, and the
court held that even if this were true it
would not be sufficient ground for reliev
ing Forrest from the payment of alimony.
Judge Slack adopted this view of the
law in deciding the Murdoch case.
Injured at a Fire.
The Board of Fire Commissioners has recom
mended to tne Board of Supervisors to
authorize the payment of $50 to Michael
Wright, truckman of truck 5. Wright was in
jured on the hands and face while doing auty
at a fire Deceml er 12.
STEW TO-DAT.
Mr. Grocer, why don't you
try money -backing every-
thing you sell —as you
money-back Schilling s Best
tea?
It's first-rate for hones
business.
A Schilling & Company
San Krancikco 62*
LOCATED WITH
THE X RAY
A Button in a Two- Year-
Old Baby's Windpipe
Photographed.
An Operation Was Performed,
but the Substance Could Not
Be Found.
II H*d Worked Its Way Through the
Trachea and Lodged Against
the jEophagus.
The X ray and the surgeon's knife
have again been put 10 use in an attempt
to save a human life where death seemed
inevitable. Although the ui-e of the in
struments of science was rewarded with
only partial success they served to allay
to a certain extent the fears of the pa
tient's anxious parents.
Two weeks ago the two-year-old child of
Charles Amacker of Sacramento while
playing with an older brother accident
ally drew a large tin button which he was
holding in his mouth down into his wind
pipe. The button stopped at the bifurca
tion of the trachea, or where it divides
into the bronchial tubes.
The child was seized with a fit of cough
ing, but the button refused to be dis
lodged, and in a few hours the child was
suffering Irom severe inflammation of the
bronchial tubes, raaKing respiration ex
ceedingly difficult and painful.
Several physicians were called and the
child was taken by the heels and shaken,
head downward. Vomiting and sneezing
were produced, but all efforts to dislodge
the button proved without avail, and the
child was removed to this City for treat
ment. The oaby was taken to the College
of Physicians and Surgeons, 818 Howard
street, and it was decided to make a
shadowgraph by means of the X ray, and
in case the button was located to operate.
Dr. Depuy, assisted by one of the college
students, undertook the experiment of
making the shadowgraph. The child was
laid upon his back on a large sensitized
plate, and after a towel had been placed
over the breast to protect the skin from
the rays the current was turned on. At
the end of six minutes the child was re
moved and the plate developed. The first
part of the operation was a success, as the
button showed plainly, apparently located
a little way down the right bronchial
tube. This fact justified an operation and
Dr. J. R. Lame, assisted by Dr.-«. Southard,
Healy and Gardener, undertook to remove
the button.
The operation known as tracheotomy
was performed. As low as possible the
windpipe was opened and the surgeons
began their explorations for the Button.
They used long forceps, but although fre
quent attempts were made to locate the
foreign substance, the}' were unsuccessful.
A slight brea'-c in the trachea proved the
reasons of 'he failure. The button had
ulcerated its way through the windpipe,
and presumably lodged against the
a'3ophagus. If it remains in its present
position, the physicians are confident that
it will become encysted, and if the child
recovers from the shock of the operation,
will cause no further trouble.
THEIR BIG DINNER.
The Iroquola Club Preparing for the
Annual Gathering of Braves at
the Banquet.
The Iroquois braves are getting ready
for their big annual powwow. At a
meeting of the club last evening the thir
teen delegates to the annual State League
of Ircquoia Clubs, to meet in this City at
Pythi:m Hall, February 22, were elected
and a fourteen tn — Joseph Leggett, was
elected as delegate at large. The thirteen
are:
Thomas Ashworth, J. H. Barry, E. J. Craig,
G. H. Cabanls, D. J. Cnlleii. Charles KJclman,
C. H. Holcomb, John Kreling, Samuel Wcjvee,
T. J. Mcßrlde, Raymond Robin, T. J.Walsh and
Peter Kelly.
The State League will be called to order
at 10 o'clock on the morning of Washing
ion's birthday. Reports from the State
officers will be henrd and an election of
officers for the ensuing year will be held.
NEW TO-DAT.
/TcorrupT
COMBINE
IN THE
NEW SCHOOL BOARD.
Capt. I. W. Lees' Bad Record
And Other Live
Articles in To-
day's Issue of
i ■■ . .
THE STAR
JAMES H. BARRY, Editor.
ITJEW TO-DAT- AMCSEMENTS.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUS2
Maa.ii.»ii.KSTixK Khei.'nm, Proprietor & Manager
——An Entertainment of Delight!——
THIS EVENING
83- at 8 jar .
OUR tJP-TO-DATK EXTRAVAGANZA,
ALADDIN,
Or, THi; WONDERFUL LAMP.
A Ilodge-Podge of
Mirth, Music, Ballet and Beauty.
SEE
"LaDsnieddi Flours Electriqnes!"
The Latest Sensation.
FILLED WITH THINGS THAT CAN-
NOT BE EXPLAINED!
BRING THE CHILDREN TO-NIGHT.
Popula- Prices 250 "Ti "iOn
SUTRO BATHS.
Open Dally From 7 A. .1. to 6 i* . M.
Swimming -Season 1897.
Bathing, Including Admission— Adults
85c. Children »oc.
t General Admission, 10c; Children," 6c.
NEW TO-DAY.
I Woman's Writes I
& Vi
(|f t\
1 1 Believe in Woman's Writes? (<[
'!> Of course we do. Who could /!'
i ? help it when women "write such s< [
J !) convincing words as these: ?<•
i^ "For seven years I suffered V>
Ji) with scrofula. I had a good <<[
1 1 physician. Every means of >]»
]•> cure was tried in vain. At last << [
] I I was told to try Ayer's Sarsa- 1 1
,? parilla, which entirely cured < ( ]
( me after using seven bottles." (I 1
! ') —Mrs. John A. Gentle, Fort <j 1
] I Fairfield, Me., Jan. 26, 1896. S»
j! Ayer's Sarsaparilla 1;
i :
( () livlllvoi*; .. "• < i
In the evening the big annual banquet
will be held at Delmonico's.
Tickets, at $3 each, are now on sale at
the raeetines of the club. At other times
Louis Metzger and E. P. E. Troy have the
handling of the pasteboards that signify
so much Democratic enjoyment.
Estates in J'robate.
Mrs. Kate Armstrong's will was filed In the
Probate Court yestei Jay. Her property, worth
if 1000, is bequeathed to her friend, Mrs. Mary
Ellen Long.
The will of J. M. Voorhamme, deceased, has
been filed lor probate. It Is holographic and
gives the entire estate to Mrs. Frances Voor
hamme, w (low of the testator. Value of the
ebta,t.-#2OOO.
Mrs. Mary Meheran, who died recently, left
«n estate worth $2500. which is bequeathed to
members of her family.
HEW TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS.
TRICDLAfIfIULOOmOD o*o>- ua» AnorwnActßi- • •
THE ONLY ONE MATINEE TO-DAY
Of that Excrutiatlngly Funny Comedy,
"THE PRODIGAL FATHER I"
100 Specialties lUO Novelties
100 Laughs.
NEXT MONDAY— FIRST TIME.
CHARLES HOPPER*
Seats Now ou Sale.
THE MUSICAL EVENT
Of* tin© Season.
MILE. ANTOINETTE TREBELLI'S
World Tour Under the Direction of
Messrs. VERT & HAUIiWITZ.
Messrs. Friedlander, Gotilob & Co. take great
Dieauire in announcing the lirst appearance here
Of MLLE.
TREBELLI !
The Famous Prima Donna Soprano,
AT THE — -
CALIFORNIA THEATJI
ON
Tuesday Evening, February 9,
At 8:15 O'clock, Assisted by
(iiistiiv Hinriclis* Symphony Orchestra.
. SEATS NOW ON SALE.
PRICES sOc. »1, 81.50
BALDWIN THEATER.
AlMaviia.v Co. (Incorporated) i'ropclasa:!
.'" LAST 2 PERFORMANCES
Assisted by JOSEPH HAVVOKTIIand til* .
complete company.
MATINiiE TO-DAY,
IVE-A-IfSr STUART.
To-night Farewell,
is/l .a. QBE t :h:.
EXTRA NEXT WEEK,
The Kmincnt Actor. Jilt.
-LOUIS «T^W.ZWZ33S
In a Magnificent Production of \
BFARTAOUS.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
W'AUEK MOROSCO. ..SoIa Lessee aud Mantis:
FIRST PRODUCTION ON THIS COAST
Of the Successful Comedy Grama,
"THE WESTERNER!"
An Intensely Fxcitlng Play, Full of Heart Inter-
est. A story of the Siock Board.
Charming Music: Graceful Dancing!
Delightful Comedy!
Evenlne Price*— loo. 'iso and "li.
Slatinees Saturday and Sunday.
MATINEE TO-DAY (Saturday).
Parquet, any seat, Usc; Balcony, any sea., Uj.
Children; 10c, any part.
AN EXTKAOKDINAHY PKOGRAiIitE!
GXTIIjIj DE3.
he World's Greatest TK.NOR.
WARP ana CUkRaN, America's Funniest Men.
ALCIDE CAPITAINK, BK3SIE CLAYTON*.
THK FRASTZ KAMIIA'
AND NOVELTIES WITHOUT END!
SPKCIAL.— CaIIs by telephone will be answered
until 8 o'clock every evening.
Al PA7AR DONrMISS
MLuMfcHfll . THE CHANCE !
TO-DA * at a and EVENING at 8,
The Charming Comedy-Drama,
"A LEGAL WRECK
A Perfect Gem of Dramatic Work.
HUGO AND, J. M. POLK
And All the Company.
Our Regular Prices. Phone for Seats— Black 991
THE CHUTES.
GREAT DAY TO-DAY 1
AFTERNOON
Ordway, the Trick Bicyclist; Brown,
the One-Legged Chuto Coaster,
and Potato Race.
■ EVENING '
TWO-MILE BICYCLE CONTEST,
ORDWAY BROWN,
New Scenes by the Animatoscope,
AND MILE SKATINti RACE,
KKNNA vs. BROWN.
BALLOON ASCENSION SUNDAY.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB
(INGLESIDE TRACK),
The only Perfect Winter Racetracic la America.
RAW RiCIG
Racing From Monday, Jan. 25. to Satur-
day, February 6, Inclusive.
Five or Mere Races Daily, Rain or Shine.
FIRST RACE AT 2 P. 31.
Take Southern Pacific train at Third an!
Townsend sis. depot, leaving at 1 and 1:120 p. it.
Fare for Round Trip, including Ad-
mission to Grounds. atl.OI).
late Mlsalon-sc electrto line direct to trace
The Tarpey Stakes Saturday, January 30.
The Uobart Makes Saturday, February 0.
A. u. aPKKcKKL^ I'rcsiUeat.
W. S. Leaks, Secretary.
78
THE FIELD OF SPORT.
Pugilists in Training— What the Athletes, Wheel
men and Sportsmen Are Doing.
The event of greatest importance to
sport-lovers is the coming championship
heavy-weight battle between Corbett and
Fitzsimmons in Nevada. As Corbett will
be here in a few days tho3e who wager
money on contests pugilistic will have an
opportunity to draw a line on the cham
pion's present condition.
The wheelmen look forward with much
interest to a tournament which will be
held in the Pavilion in the near future.
Several of the fastest riders in the coun
try will taKe part.
According to the present outlook there
will be a hotly contested tug-of-war in the
Pavilion in the latter part of this month
between teams representing all nations.
Sportsmen are making the best of the
few days that remain of the season for
duck and quail shootinc. Coursing en
thusiasts will witness some good racing
to-morrow at Ingleside.
THE WHEELMEN.
A Proposed State Racing Circuit
for the Crack Riders Here.
Another stormy week has prevented the
laying out of any trips for to-morrow in
the country, though if it is clear there
will doubtless be a small army of cyders
headed for the park, and as the mads
there dry quickly (and the cycle paths in
particular) riding should be fairly good.
The panhandle will be in poor shape, how
ever, and riders slioul.i lake tha street on
the north side of it. Fell street, which is
bituminized from Baker to Stanyan and
affords an excellent riding surface.
Not much interest seems to attach to
the Velodrome meet scheduled for next
Saturday, and little is heard about it.
Manager Shafer has announced that none
of his men will r;de, and, as his team is
comprise 1 of all the best professionals now
on the coast, he would seem to have the
reins In his hand?. He does not want
them to do any track work now, but to
devote all their time to training.
It is aiso fcaiil that the pronosed indoor
tournament scheduled for March lo to 27
has fallen through, which was not unex
pected by those who knew, as it received
little or no encouragement from the riders
and dealers,
Shafer's team is now composed of
Loughead, Zegler, Wells, the Terrills,
Stevens, McFarland. Jones, Down me,
Bovee, Morris, Becker, Davis, Whitman
and Slater, and he may pick up a couple
of more good ones, like Boyden or Dow.
With this aggregation he proposes to
start a coast circuit, to commence at Peta
luma on February 22 and go to Santa
Rosa, Healdsburg, Dixon, Woodland,
Chico, Sacramento, Stockton, San Jose
and to San Francisco, if there is an indoor
meet here about the middle of Marcu
under satisfactory management. Such a
team as this would not fail to be a star
attraction wherever it goes, particularly
in competition with all the local talent to
be met at the various places.
C. N. Ravlin is arranging the circuit
date?, and tho meets will be handled by
the clubs in the various towns. Tne pro
gramme will inciude four professional
events a day. Multicycle pacing ma
chines will be taKen along and used to
niHke the races fast. Fsying starts in
scratch competition events will be tried,
similar to horse-racing, and under such
conditions, on good tracks, fast time will
be tno rue.
The Zieglcr-McFar'and match will be
the star event of the opening day at Peta
luma, and tne much-mooted quesuon (in
ihe minds of some) as to which is the bet
ter rider will then be settled, a.thougii my
personal conviction is too strong in favor
of Ziegler lor me to change that opinion.
Meanwhile the men are in active train
ing at San Jose, ready for any good meet
that comes along after they are thor
oughly conditioned. Shafer is* in the City,
Btoppmg at the Bay City Wheelmen's
clubhouse, making arrangements for the
circuit and the coming season.
The California Associated Cycling Clubs
will meet to-night at the rooms of the
Acme Club, Oakland. Several amend
ments to the by-laws will come up for con
sideration and the approaching twenty
live-mile road race of the 22d inst- will be
discussed.
It can be said on good authority that
many of the makers are thinking serious:y
about putting racing teams on ttie circuit
for the coming season. With State and
interstate circuits the expenses will be
reduced to a minimum. Ten teams are
now known to be forming for another
eea^on.
W. A. Terrill, the popular Bay City man,
has been allowed the mite professional
competition record of 2:08 1-5, made at the
Velodrome November 21. W. Foster has
been allowed the five-mile paced competi
tion record of 11:13 4-5. made on the same
track, when he defeated Wells. The three
and lour mile records of 7:01 and 9:09 4-5,
respectively, al9o go to him. Tom Cooper
get* the two-mile competition professional
record, 4:13, made at Memphis November
3. This race was single-paced.
Los Angeles has more riders under sus
pension than any district in the country
for participating in Sunday racing against
the L. A. W. rules.
All tna old-timers here will remember
Will M. Meeker, who was prominent in
the Bay City Wheelmen ten or a dozen
years ago. He was a hardy road rider,
and sixty to a hundred miles a day on an
old "ordinary" was nothing for Meeker,
KnaijD, Sheldon and that crowd. He is
now in Passaic, N. J., and I received a
letter lrom him recently which is interest
ing. After referring to some personal
matters, he says:
I see you still keep up your editorship of the
wheel column of The Call, for the folks send
me the paper regularly and I am theieby able
to keep in touch with wheeling matters on the
coast. I did a little riding ::iyi.elf last year
covering some i!0OO miles between May 18 9G'
and January 1, 1897. all of which gois to sh.>w
that your unc.e is still in the ring. We have
some splendid roads radiating from this sec
tion, and one can ride all day long with
hardly an exception on good macadamized
roads. I won't say straightaway, for toe Slate
is hardly extensive enough. The only trouble
is they are not all level or downhill both ways
and so for the honor of California I em forced
to climb up and down everything that comes
aloni;. I twisted a crank axle clean off a
couple ot months ago going up a little hill
I hud rauier an enjoyable ride about tne Ist
of January, and one which would make you
exotics wonder at, for while the roads were
good, we passed innumerable banks of snow
alongside the pikes, and passed many ponds
large and small, covered with skaters, and ah
tui?, mind you, on a bright, sunny day, almost
equal to one of California's mucn-advertis"d
winter days. I confess, though, that tbo ther
mometer aid not range far from 30 or 32, but
as there was no wind, the coolness was re
freshing. Since the Ist the climate has been
bad, and when it isn't blowing a gale the
ground is covered with snow, and snow is not
the liuest kind of riding, all tnose maniacs in
the L. A. W. bulletin to the contrary notwith
standing. Wheeling on snow may possibly be
all right for the North or West, bin heru so
near the coast it is spoiled by the saltness in
the atr, and that means continual thaws or
freezes.
The Bay City Wheelmen have a curious
entertainment scheduled for next Satur
day night, the 13tb. It will be a sort of a
smoker and each member present will be
allotted three minutes, no more no less,
in which to entertain the others in s me
way such hs he pleases. This should
prove very funny and will produce some
ludicrous effects. The proposed Laundry
F.irm run is still in abeyance.
The North California division of the
league gained twenty-eight new members
during the last week. The total member
ship is now lGfil and that of the parent
body 71,922. As soon as the riding reason
opens these numbers will be greatly
swelled. Chief Consul Kerrigan and R.
M. Welch of the racing board are now on
' their way East to attend the annual meet-
I ing of the league. From tbe latest ad
| vices from the iSast it seems tbe proposed
j Sunday meinir amendment will pas? with
{ out trouble and also t lie one admitting
i professionals to membership.
The Imperial Club's whist tournament
is now in progress* an'l is exciting a good
iifal of interest among the members. The
club bas a number of rond events planned
lor later in thii month and a ciub run to
the Velodrome to-morrow, where some
club races will be indulged in to settle
some personal questions of individual
supremacy.
The :ollowing is from Cycling West, the
largest cycling paper published west of
Chicago, and which has jt big circulation
in the Pacific Coast States:
Kroni a statement dropped by a member of
the K'gnl department ot ihe Southern I'aL-iflc
Railroad the wheelmen of Oiliiornia ami Hun
Francisco need not be uneasy concerning the
bicycle baggage bill introduced in the Culi
loruia Legislature. The bill i* patterned aiier
the "Armstrong" baggage bill, which has
been presented to tbe I/egis-latures of New
York aii'l Ohio, and is now a law in those
States. The railroad company has entirely
Changed .ront in regard to the matter since it
rescinded an order cullect a charge on bi
v-'vclcs last fall, Mibsequent to a very ow
spoken opposition to the order np expressed
by wheelmen in Thk Call. A meial>tr of tho
let-al dc] artmentoi the company said recently
thai it had V.een decided not to tight the bill
in tlie Legislature. The company may po even
further at:d provide special accommodations
in baggage-cars for bicycles.
Tne Olympic Club Wheelmen will have
a good time to-:iight. A neatly worded
and printed invitation requests the mem
bers to assemble at a popuar downtown
roiifserie at 8 o'clock to attend a banquet
tendered the clud's racing men. Tnerp
will doubtless be a large gathering of the
wearers ol the flyintr 0. Douglas White
and Thomns G. Spillane have the affair in
Charge.
John G. Rieger, a well-known wheelman
of L,os Angeles, is in the City for a lew
days renewing old acquaintances.
Tom Eck, the manager of John S. John
fin, and more recently of Michael, the
Weish wonder, will be in Caliiornia about
tne end of thi-; month and may bring
Johnson with him. In an interview with
H. A. Goddard of the Bay City Wheelmen,
in Chicago, Eck said thai his ideas of rac
ing without pacernaking had turned out
very satisfactorily. It was he who origin
ated the idea of every man in a lace hav
ing to make his sharo of pace before the
throe-quarter poie was reached, and the
result was that at Memphis in vfie day's
racing there were twenty-one heats ridden
in 2:21 or better and halves in 1:04, so it
seems his ideas are all right. Spaldixg.
THE GUN.
Sportsmen Who r'avor a Lonarer
season for Shootlne Wild Ducks.
Sportsmen have just one more week for
the enjoyment of a favorite pastime, and
judging from the weather outlook the de-
Out to Kill.
votees of quail shootingmayjustasw.il
clean their guns and put the irons away
for the season.
The lovers of duck shooting have en
joyed the best »port of the year during the
past month, aud good shooting may be
expected up to the last day of the season,
which will be a week from Monday.
As previously stated in this department
the season should close on Aiarch 15, in
stead of February 15, as the law stands at
present. The birds which afford the
greater amount of sport to local hunters
who shoot on the Alviso aud Sonoma
marshes are spoonbill, blnebill, sprig and
canvasback, and as these varieties are late
arrivals from the north, especially the
spoonbill and biuebill ducks, the consen
sus of opinion is that the season in which
sportsmen may lawfully hunt and shoot
wild ducks should not close until March
15. The farmers throughout the Btate are
strongly in favor of prolonging the duck
shooliug season, as tbe widzeon and other
varieties of broad-bill duck are very de
structive to young grain.
The Sportsmen's Protective Association
will lend its assistance to have an amend
ment to the present law lengthening the
season for the killing of wild ducks one
month. The snipe will also come in for
its share of protection during the breeding
season.
Last Sunday several good bags of ducks
were made by hunters who shot on the
Alviso and Sonoma marshes, and the
outlook for good sport to-morrow is very
promising, particularly if the weather is
boisterous.
Thousands of people enjoy camp life in
this State during the summer months,
aod it may be of valuable interest to the
read' rs of The Call to learn what Dr. J.
W. howler, a prominent sportsman of
New York, says in Sports Afield, relative
to cures for in juries frequently received by
campers who may be a Jong distance lrom
medical assistance. The doctor writes:
The satisfaction of being able to relieve un
necessary pain, prevent permanent injury
aud possibly being the means of saving a
valuable life, stimulates me to write a short
ar:icle on simple camp remedies for injuries
and accidents to my friend*, ihe hunters and
campers. It is always best to nave a hand
kerchief in one of our pockets, if tor nothing
more than its common usaga. But a hand-
Kerchief will take the place of a bandage lor a
short time and can be of usi in many emer
gencies. Besides a handkerchief and a good
hunting-knife in the pocket a hunter's outfit
in campjshi.uid contain, for emergency cases,
the following in their order named:
A little good whisky, for medicinal purposes
An 18-f>ot ban lace, 4 or 5 Inches wide,
rolled up tightly, and an old.c'ean napkin or a
Ilece of table-cloth for surgical pods, if necessary
ami for gun-cleaners .t you run out of wipers
A little vhselioe, court or surgeon's adhesive
platter.
Laudanum.
Soda In the carnpchest.
■ Two or three dozoa thrac-zraln capsules.
A few needles of different sizes and heavy silk
thread.
A common needle will do, but needles used by
t»i!or.i or shoemakers are the best If one cannot
b«cun> medium size surgeon needles.
MaUria sometimes will creep about our tent
but quinine will drive thnt away. One or two
capsii.es taken in the morning with a hot cup
of coffee is a preventive when one is camping
around a lake or river. Laudanum may l.c
taken in ten-drop doses and repeated a few
times for cramps. Mixed with water or oil in
the proportion of oue to five it is a good lini
ment.
A cut— Wash in water (not necessarily warm
water), to get the pans clean, or it will not
heal nicely. Then keep tue edges of the cut
together with sticking-plaster or small band
age-. If a severe cut, put a pad of clean clotu
over the pan* after sewing up, ana bandage
tightly to »iop the blood flowing. If bandaced
too tightly loosen a liule after a wnih- to that
no lujury will be done by ihc swelling.
Burns— Always cat the clothing away ; never
pull it it sticking to the skiu or if the parts
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1897.
are much burned. Pick off the dirt and clean
as carefully nnd quickly as possible. A thin
paste of -Qi'.a and water laid over the burn re
lieves the pain. Vaseline, fresh butter, cream,
thin slices of bread moistened occasionally,
Clean cloth covered witn sweet oil or vaseline;
anything to exclude the air and to keep the
parts warm. A severe burn should be dressed
fit least once a day thereafter in vaseline. Do
not bandage tightly.
Bruises— lf slight, bandage and bathe Id cold
water, or whisky and water. If .-evere, wring
cloths out of boiling water and apply as hot an
possible and cover with a dry c.oth to keep
the h'.-At in. Chancre every twenty minutes or
hulf hour for three or foar hours.
Blßzed or broken skin— Vaseline, crenin.
fresh butter or oil. then baudaee. A clean
cloth dipped in laudanum and water, band
anted and kept moist.
Al Hn!i, who formerly acted as manager
of the Point Reyes Hotel, was acquitted
i i the Justice's court of San Rafael last
Monday for having trespassed on the
preserve of the Country Cub. A keeper
discovered Hall with English snipe in his
possession. Hepourn Wilkina nnneared
lor the Country Cub and James W. Coch
rane defended Hall. The jury a*' reed up
on a verdict in ha.f an hour. The oi.se
has excite) a great d*-ai of interest. The
Country Club controls 76 (XX) acres of land.
The Golden Gate Gun Cub will bold its
regular montnlv shoot on the second Sun
day of each month durine the season of
1897, conimencinc February 14, at the
grounds of the Pacific Tournament Asso
ciation. The club will give an open tour
nament on March 14on the same grounds.
THE BOXERS.
Jim Corbatt Will Arrive on Tuesday
and* Will Play Ball on
Wednesday.
Jim Corbett has written a friend that he
will arrive in this City on Tuesday ana
lhat on Wednesday he expects to meet
Billy Kennedy, the champion handball
player of the Olympic Club, and Jim
Nealon, the Adonis of the San Francisco
handball court, to arrange for a series of
games.
Corbett is evidently of the opinion that
he can easily dispose of the two crack
players, but he must have made wonder
ful improvement' since he left St. Ijouis,
otherwise be would not attempt to tackle
such a hard same.
When Corbett visited St. Louis one of
the first places he put foot in was tne local
handball court. The pugilistic champion
was warmly received by the handball
fraternity and a match game was quickly
arranged.
The following account of the game ap
peared in a St. Louis paper:
"The champion and Riley, the crack
E. J. BROWN.
BERKELEY. Cal., Feb. 4.— Track Captain Everett J. Browu was to-day declared
the unanimous nominee of the University of California Athletic Association for the
position of football manager, to succeed G. F. Reinhardt '97. His nomination means
practical election, since there is no other man in the .field for the place. The for
mality of casting the ballot will be carried out next Tuesday, as that is the day which
had previously been set for the election. Brown's unanimous nomination for the
position is unprecedented in the history of the university. At no time hitherto has
an election for football manager been carried on without causing the bitterest enmity
between the candidates and the two opposing factions. It being regarded as one of
the highest and most responsible positions In the gift of the student body the con
sequent interest has been almost immeasurable.
P. R. Thnyer '93 placed Brown in nomination, and when the echo of applause
had cued away and the chairman called for further nominations not a sound
was heard, though two other men bad previously announced their candidacy.
Brown s mime had swept over the meeting like a whirlwind, carrying everything
in sight with it. Since his freshman year the coming football manager has been
prominent iv all college movements, especially athletics. He is especially well known
as the mile-runner ot the university. In the intercollegiate meet of 1395 Brown took
nrst place, making the mile in 4:38 3-5. thus winning the championship. Last year
he did not enter mat event. A year ago he was elected track captain to Succeed Fred
Magee, and later he was chosen president of his class. Upon his shoulders rested the
burden of last Junior day's celebration, which proved to be so eminently successful.
lie tins been a member of the athletic executive committee since bit election to the
track captaincy and has taken a prominent part in all iv business transactions. Brown
come from the Oakland High School, lives in Oakland, and is in his twenty-first year.
It is a peculiar coincidence that Everett's brother Dave, who is at Stanford, has
occupied almost an absolute relative position at Palo Alto as he himself has at Berke
i^ii.«« ♦* S a " alhlete ; each hue won. the intercollegiate championship for his uni-
) r c ,™! } ' " th « mi run once; each has been president of his class; each has been
track captain, and each football manager.
H nr£* w L. Barnes. Berkeley's crack sprinter, who won much fame on the Eastern tracks
during the transcontinental tour of the California athletes in 1895, was yesterday
10* ???oJ r t a h inn!"^'., to * ucc *f a 8am oo,! Woocl ' ««**ned. ; Barnes has a "record o!
lev £ vu n Mn 100-yard dash a nd . for the 220 a record of 23 4-5. .It is to him that Berke
f£m «£n nu win. the •prints in the coming intercollegiate games. Barnes comes
Deuk iTn.?.« eg ? a l' d ? m bl A """ty- 6 " 1 year. He is a prominent member of the
Delta Upsilon fraternity and was recently elected president of the junior class.
local exponent of the game, tackled D. J.
Neville and Jake Holtman and were
beaten by a ecore of 10 to 21. The game
took place at the old West End court on
Vandeventer avenue and was enjoyed by
a laige crowd of enthusiasts. Coroott and
U.ley both played in good form, but
Neville and Iloitman hung with them
troru the start and in a close linish
won out.
"Corbett, by the way, is one of the most
enthusiastic handball players that ever
•-truck the city. He lik»*s the garue, and
has played it ali over the world, meeting
some of the best players in Ireland during
his last trip across the big poud. Of all
the cracks lie has met Jim thinus Lawler
of Chicago is the best. He has beaten Al
derman Dunne of Brooklyn, Champion
Ca-ey's partner, and also played numer
ous games with the champion". Casey is
recognized as the American champ on,
but Corbett think;- Lawler is 1 he best man
he ever played with in this country."
Corbett wili remain in this C.ty a few
days before taking his departure for the
Sagebrush State. He will be received in
royai style by the Olympic Club, of which
he is a prominent member.
Although many offers havn been made
by sports who fancy placing a little money
on the result of tne proposed big mill,
there has been no wager wortuy of men
tion laid on either man yet, but it is
I thought that after Corbett's arrival the
sports will open their fists and drop some
of their "hard-earned coin" into the pool
box. The Fiizsiinnions men ore looking
for long odds, something likp 2 to 1, but
it is safe to say that the oads will not vary
very much from the. present quotation,
which is 10 to 7}4, wiih Corbett on the
long end.
Among several people who were asked
to express an opinion as to the result of
the fiehr, with few exceptions Corbett was
the choice of those who will wager on the
outcome.
Jimmy Carroll, the light-weight pucri
list, who frequently said that Fitz3im
mons can wnii> any man on earth, has
j changed nis mind now that a battle be-
I tween Jim and Bob looks promising. A
{ few evenings ago Carroll said that he fan
cied Corbett, as Fitzsimmons did not per
form as well as he expected in his fi^ht
with Sharkey.
"If Corbett is in good condition when
ho enters ihe ring," said Carroll, "I look
to see him whip Fitz, because he is just as
clever us Bob. and in every other respect
he has t c advantage.'*
But Carroll's friends that Jimmy will
have a few dollars on Fitz. nevertneless.
Jimmy Markland, who is one of the
local cracks on matters pugilistic, does
not hesitate to say that Fitzsimmons will
whip Corbett in short order.
"If you will notice how Fitz has fooled
T. L. BARNES.
the public since his arrival in this conn
try," said Markland, "you will agree with
roe that he will auo fool them when he
meets Corbett.
"In nearly all the battles that Fitz
engaged in he was said to be whipped by
his opponent, but through some fluke he
happened to land on hia man just about
the time the friends of his opponent
thought the Cornishman was on Queer
street. He will play the same game with
Corbett just as sure ns Nevadu i% tne
premier prize-fighting State of the Union.' '
Torn Murray and Billy Jordan fancy
Fitz^irninons. In fact, Murray is of the
opinion that Corbett will not enter the
ring with Bob. Frank Foster. Georee
Green, Billy Kennedy and Professor Wat
sor. of the Olympic Club «re as certain
that Corbett will whip Fitzsimmons as
that the sun seta in the west.
John Morrissy of the Orpbeum will be
greatly disappointed if Corbett is whipped.
Danny Wlieian says that there is only one
man in the race and his name is Corbett.
A' Greg<?ains is also a Corbett man. Jack
Garrison contends that Corbett is a fancy
boxer and that Fitz is a natural fighter,
who puts hi-* opponents to sleep. He will
have his money on Bob. Tommy McDon
aid lites Corbett, but does not hesitate to
say that Fitz will whip him unless Jim is
in prime condition. Nat Hanley cannot
understand how Corbett can lose, as he
has many advantages whicn Fitz does not
possess. Howard Taylor is a Corbett man
first, last and all the time. Jack Limmer
allows that Corbett is the cleverest man,
but he cannot avoid getting some punches
from Fitz that will take all the fieht out
of him. Jack Mallon can't see how Cor
bett can lose the game if he is in good fix.
Karvey Harmon says that no man can
prognosticate the result, as the men are
clever in their way, and the result wiil de
per.d upon "who will get there first."
Charles Bergen says that he must see
Corbett first beiore he can venture an
opinion. Tom Flvnn says that the result
ol the fight will depend on Corbett's con
dition, and that if he is right he will win.
T. M. Ferguson is an admirer of Fi'z
simnions. John Conway likes Cor
bet t's chances. Phil Ryan of hand
ball fame says that Corbett will make
a monkey out of Fitz. Jim Orndorff says
that Corbett must be in good trim and
light very carefully, as his opponent is
full of tricks and hard punches. Cor
nelius Lyons is a strong Corbett man, but
like others Lyons says that he muse nave
a squint at Coroett before he ventures an
opinion. Donald Mcßae predicts a victory
for Fitzsimmons. Patsy Hogaa says that
the fight will koep people guessing, but
Corbett having many advantages over
Fitz he should win in a long race. Eddie
Kolo is a Corbett man, and so is Professor
Barney Farley. Tom Casey, the water
front authority on game birds, says
that Fitzsimmons will win if Cor
bett can't hit him. Eddie Ladd fancies
Fitzsimmons' chances. Mike Lynch is an
out-and-out Corbett man. He contends
that Fitzsimruons will be boxing holes in
the air in his attempts to land on Corbett's
head. Jim Dunn is a great admirer of
Corbett and so is John Farley, but the
latter says that ( orbett must be in fine
form, as Fitzsimmons is a dangerous man.
Doubtless many of the opinions now
formed by sporting men as to the result of
the mill will change, when the proenosti
r.jtors will have a chance to "'size up"
Professor Jim.
Jeffries, the Los Angeles champion
heavy-weight, arrived yesterday and will
go into training immediately at the Six
mile House.
The Health and Police Committee of
Board of Supervisors met yesterday morn
ing and granted a permit to the Olympic
Club to bold a public boxing exhibition
at any time within the next four months.
No limit was placed on the number of
rounds, the discretion of the club mem
bers being relied upon.
The Manhattan Athletic Club is making
extensive arrangements for its erand box
ine carnival, which is to come off at
Woodward's Gardens on next Friday
night. The very best amateurs from the
different clubs of the coast will partici
pate and some rare sport is certain to be
given. Bouts have been arranged, as here
tofore published, for all classes, from fea
ther to heavy weights.
As the receipts of the entertainment are
to be expended in the purchase of appara
tus and other necessities, it is to be hoped
that the attendance will be large.
ROD AND CREEL.
Anglers Expact Certain Amend-
merits to Fish Laws to Be Lost.
The rainstorm has come in very oppor
tune for the anglers, as breeding fishes
will now have an opportunity of reaching
the bead waters of coast streams, where
they will reproduce their species.
Last year the heavy rains arrived late,
and as a result the trout of good size,
which always make a respectable appear
ance in an angler's basket, were swept
down to salt water, leaving only the finger
lines of the tributaries of the main streams
to be caught by the anglers who can law
fully angle in April.
The present storm came with the new
moon, and in ail probability there will be
heavy rains during this month. Should
tine weather result in March it can be
safely said that the fishing in April will
be good; that is, of course, provided the
proposed amendment to the present law,
which adds another month to the tail of
the close season, will be defeated in the
Senate. Should the anglers be compelled
by law to refrain from putting in an ap
pearance on favorite streams until May
the poacbers who., fear neither law nor
man will have an excellent opportunity of
laughing at the citizens who must reluct
antly Jreep their lines dry until the month
of May. by which time tne streams will be
fished out.
Representatives of the Sportsmen's Pro
tective Associaiion and anglers who are
opposed to the openingof the trout-fishing
season in May, have signed a petition
which will be forwarded to-day to the Sen
ate Committee on Fish and Game. Several
letters have been addressed by anglers to
Senators, asking them to use their influ
ence to defeat the amendment to the As
sembly bill, which lengthens the close sea-
HOn tor trout-fishing one month beyond
the limit according to the law at pre-ent.
Anglers of the City or country who have
any interest in the sport of trout-catching
should not defer writing to auy friends
they may Lave who are iepresented in the
Senate, with the object in view of defeat
ine the scheme of ctosingthe trout-fishing
season until M&y 1.
Charley Precht lost a valuable fishing
basket last Sunrtay on his return from
Point Keyes. Within the basket were
some valuable reeis which the owner
highly prized. Any person who has ihe
creel in his possession wili be handsomely
rewarded by leaving it at 626 Clay street.
Cracknell, alias Longfellow, recently
remarked to a friend that there were only
three men on this coast who understood
how to handle a came fish. He men
tioned himself as being one of the num
ber, bat judging from «m exhibition he
gave recently on the Russian River of
playing a ten-pound steeihead, he can
very well afford to take a few lessons from
Butler or Bransdosff, neither of whom
would be guilty of such an unpardonable
breach of I ie art of handling a fish as to
hoid the rod witn the reel underneath,
thereby placing the whole ttrain on the
loops, when it should be on the rod.
Cracknell relies on the strength of his
tackle in playing a fish; yet he has been
known to sma^h a double leader when
trying to stop the first run of a steeihead.
Poor old Crack, he has yet much to
learn of the art of angling, even tnoueh it
be bait-fishing. Of fly-casting he knows
naught
John Bonn, the well-known fly-tier and
fisherman, has left his Norta Beach place
of business and bus opened a new labora
tory on Montgomery street. In his busi
ness he is ably assisted by his daughter,
who ties about as neat a fly as can be im
agined.
BASEBALL.
The Plutes Will Play the Alerts
To-Morrow.
Weather permitting, the Piute baseball
team will play the Alerts to-morrow at
Central Park. The line-up has already
been published.
W. F. Long, who managed the Imperial
base b.-. 11 team of last year, the winners
of the pennant in the California League,
has made a deal in which he not only se
cures the name of the San Francisco ball
team, but three of the best players also.
Mr. .Lone has also signed the full team of
last year's champions, making one of the
strongest teams in the State. The men
signed so far and who will likely compose
the San Francisco ball team for 1897 are
Bill Scott, catcher; Joe Kussell, Tom
The Latest Style in Twxrlers.
Kelly and H. Iberp, pitchers; M. Murpbv,
first base; D. Creamer, second base; H.
Krue, third base; Ed Smith, shortstop;
King Miller, Wt lield; Tom Magee, cen
ter field, and Dick Bliss, right field. The
team will play exhibition games with
some of the leading country teams after
March 1.
The undersigned members of the South
End Baseball Club will play any nine in
tiie City under 19 years of age, the George
H. Tays, Oakland Noveltys or Daily He
ports preferred. They lineup as follows:
F. Kerlin, catcher; W. Waley, pitcher;
T. Waley, first base; T. Jones, second
base: T. Doxey, third base; C. Parker,
shortstop; W. Malone, left field; W.
Evans, center field; W. Scanlon. right
field. Send all challenges to C. Parker,
108 Morris avenue, City.
THE OARSMEN.
Great Activity Among the South
Ends— University Regatta.
Rowing is booming at the foot of Third
streei. With two regattas in view, one on
the 27th of February and the Golden Gate
Carnival race in April, the members of
the South End Rowing Club are kept Dusy
in their endeavor to make the season of
1897 a successful one for aquatic sports.
During this season the South Ends will
hold monthly races both for barges and
skiffs and in this way select material to
represent the club in the regattas. The
first of these races will take place on the
third or fourth Sunday in February. At
the present time about tweuty-ti ye mem
bers nave signified their intention of
participating.
If possible the midgets will be induced
to enter and strive to regain their lost
laurels by defeating the new senior crew.
This would be a race well worth seeing,
and the club members should do all in
their power to bring the two crews to
gether.
The intermediate clas* will be repre
sented by two crews. Tom Barry will
captain N©. 1, and the crew which entered
in the Thanksgiving regatta and lost its
heart and reputation at the stakeboat will
be looked after by Walter Dnpliasea.
In tne junior ciass at the present time
the club has material for three or perhaps
four crews.
6u last Tuesday evening fifteen applica
tions were received by Secretary Ma
honey. This now makes a total of
twenty-two applications received within
the last month, since the reduction of the
initiation fee 10 $2 50. The membership
now numbers over a hundred, and the
initiation fee will not be reduced again
for some time.
Among the applications referred to
three junior crews wilt be selected and
will consist of the followiuj; gentlemen:
No. Frank J. Burke, James Nealon, Tom
Macau and Daniel Ryan.
T No. '2— Archie Campbell, Maurice Pope,
Joseph W'ieland and William M«»ad
No. 3— Frank Reichling, Herbert Hawkins '
William Fox and M. Tiernan. « a WJtms,
Frank Duplissea, .William M. Causland
and Dr. Dennis will compete in the senior
skiff race. The following men are train
KEW TO-DAT.
A DOCTOR'S ADVICE.
tlon^vhioli^r K e . ft nT 9 Io f the *£? at success of T, Dr. ?anden's Electric Belt is the personal atten.
tlon which Dr. Sanden gives to his patients. Before applying the Belt every patient is given a
-^"""-v thorough examination, free of charge, to de- ■
jf <-. a termine the nature of the complaint, «nd dur-
7. - /^V-4! v ing the treatment Dr. San len spares no pnins
t\\) v ta***s. to cause a quick and permanent cure. This
V '^Sf £KS>^L X :F ee examination is of great value to the pa-
rt n^ \ tient, and Dr. i-anden, witU his thirty years of
/' •\JW/ \ X ; medical experience, is qualified to say :ranklv
_ —A AhJ^J-— «^-^A \ wbal the effects of his Belt will be. .In no case
J^ * ' Vilter / \ \ wX a Belt be a* plied where it cannot do good,
/ Z,*>s/ «?■//-*'.» \ as Dr. Sanden has always dealt with his pa-
( / .^. dfci^* ' . ■*" >S tients on the I rinciple that one cure is the
. { ~ jil/Sr \\\&&&2%Zp i>^' means of selling twenty more Belts, and he
TV - v 1 j t . ,1W "M^T^ , Preiers not to sell a Belt rather than sell one
%*3& m *—\ - iWI/ where it \n\\ do no good. , -
Illwl/ ■ If you feel that you need help call on him,
v \lllf nd he will tell you frankly whether there is
TV^y help for you in his Electric Belt. Consultation
, . and examination free. If von cannot «»aii
send for his late Illustrated book, "Three Classes of Men," sent sealed, by mail, free.
SiLWI)E3Sr EIjEOTRIO OCX, •
632 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE MOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
Office hours— B A. M. to 8:30 P. M. ; Sundays. 10 to I. Los An?elo* Office 204 South Broad.
W8y I J^?J - Or " 353 Washington street; Denver. Colo., 933 Sixteenth street* -BroM"
fcOlis..— Make no mistake in- the number— 633 Mantel streak
ing for the junior skiff r3^e: Ed Shortall,
Al Fritz, James Foley, T. J. Fitzpatrick,
Matt Breen, George Fox ami Tom .Lynch.
Frank Tobin wls out in a skiff a week
ago Sunday for the iirst lime, and did re
markably weil. With a littie more prac
tice he will make a first-class oarsman, as
he possesses both strength and endurance.
The rainy weather kept the oar-men in
doors last Sunday, and the day was passed
in exciting games of handball. It is the
club's intention to build an annex wnerein
th« popular same can be played.
The Dolphins intend to enter a crew in
the Carnival regatta. The following men
are being coached by Adam Schupert, and
from their number a crew will betaken:
William Fauaer. Alec Papc. Ed Sullivan,
T. J. Kennedy, Charles Roach, Fred War
ner, J. Hopkins and Joseph Laib. George
Roach will act as cockswain.
Captain Patch ana Alec Pape will enter
the junior skiff race, and F. R. Kter
nan will enter the senior snell.
Kiernan is diligently training, and may
enter the outrigger skiff event in the uni
versity regntta.
Captain Patch has just recovered from
a serious illness and will not begin train
ing for about two weeks. He will assist
Adam Scbupert in coaching the new
crews.
The baseDall game between the Dolphins
and the South Ends will be continued a
week from to-morrow, when a great game
is expected.
The University of California Boating
Club will hold a regatta on February 27,
and the Aiameda Club will foilow the ex
ample in the early part of April.
The University of California regatta will
be held near Sessions bnsin, and the pro
gramme will contain some open events,
to encourage outsider to participate in thes
sport. The BerKeley boys will hare a
barge race and a number of skiff races.
The plans of the Alamedas contemplate
a race between two barge crews and senior,
intermediate and junior skiff races. In
the junior skiff race there will probably
be six entries.
TUG-OF-WAR.
Strong Men Who Are In Training
fop the Great Struggle,
Much satisfaction is evinced at the lib
eral cash prizes offered for the great inter
national tug-of-war, also the system of ap
portioning the same, so that each team
will receive a prize in conformity with its
standing in the tournament.
The American team of Los Angele3 has
applied for entrance as representing the
United States, but it was reluctantly re
fused, as thelocal American team is fully
organized and embraces splendid ma'
terial. Five other nationalities have
nought the privilege of entering teams,
but were refused, as it would require too
long a time to decide the contest if any
more than ten teams participated.
T c individual pulls wi.l be a new and
exciting feature of this tournament, as
the management offers separate cash
prizes therefor, besides the "ten highest
will make up the team which will tour
this country and Europe.
Coursing:.
To-morrow at In^leside Park a twenty
four dog stake will be run, and as aome
noted Eastern dogs are entered first-class
aport may be expected. Among the dogs
that will run and whose names did not
appear in yesterday's report of the en
trants are Mazzini's Will o' the Wisp and
Mernwa Kennel's Minio3a. T. Cronin re
ports the loss of nis favorite greyhound
Best Trump, which was stolen yesterday
from her kennel. He will prosecute any
person found with the hound in posses
sion.
A Football Game.
The Coeswell Polytechnic College will
play the Pacific Heights Athletic Club a
match game of football at Central Park
this afternoon. Game will be called at 3
o'clock. "Pete" Smith will probably act
as referee.
Sacramento Sporting: News.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 4.— The Capital
City Bluercck Club will hold its first shoot of
the season on the 122 dof February. The gun
stores report business as beinn absolutely dead
for the time being. The Helvetia Rifle Club
will hold a shoot next Sunday. A young man
who has been recuperating on a ranch in the
vicinity of Newport, on the Sacramento River,
reports that the Portujuese in that vicinity
are making night hideous by shooting at
docks, anil he claims that they stay in th.c
tules all night and Dang away at every sound
of wings that pass over. It is the belief of
many that a law should be formulated against
nifrht shooting. Last week a Portuguese liv
ing in that vicinity took about fifty ducks to
the steamboat landintr and endeavored to
ship them to the San Francisco markets, but
as the officer of the boat refused to accept
them he was obliged to give them away.
Mr. Williamson, an enthusiastic sportsman
of Penryn, \v>-s in this City this weeK, and
states that quail shooting in his locality is a
thing of the past. In former years this was
one of the best quait grounds of the State and
was a fßvorite resort for sportsmen from this
City, but,jiow that the chaparral thickets
have been cleared away and their places filled
with orchards and vineyards the birds have
almost disappeared.
The scrap between Muller and McQuseny of
San Francisco, which took place before the
Sacramento Athletic Clud on the 2d inst., was
was decidedly a hot one and resulted in Mc-
Queeny being knocked out in the fourth round.
Neither of the men was in any kind of con
dition.
There is talk of a great chicken main In the
near future in this city, but as yet no particu
lars can be learned.
Several of the leading State members of the
League of American Wheelmen are in the city
engrossed in legislative matters and are doing
good work in the Interests of that organiza
tion. RUTHERFORD.
LYNAS GETS DAMAGES.
Owner* of the Schooner Pioneer Must
Pay for the Injuries Ho
Received.
United States District Judge Morrow
rendered a decision in the case of Robert
Lynas against A. M. Simpson & Co., own
ers of the schooner .Pioneer, yesterday,
awarding the plaintiff $5000 damages.
The vessel was unloading her cargo at
Fourth and Channel streets on August 25,
1894, when a barrel of lime fell on Lvnas,
injuring him so severely that he has ever
sinco been incapacitated for hard work.
He sued for $50,000, with the result men
tioned.
Measles Cases by Hundreds.
The extent of measles is somewhat surpris
ing. Since the first day of the year 419 cases
have been reported at the Health Office, of
which all Dut 202 have been reported dur'in»
the Dast five days, which makes the average
over 40 cases per diem at the present rate
The deaths are very few, but the disease is
well spread. A few cases have appeared in
charitable institutions.PREPARING TO
TAKE HIS SEAT
Judge McKenna Closing Up
His Circuit Court
Business.
Will Not Render a Decision in
the Famous Oakland Water
Front Case.
He May Not Be Abe to Reach Wash
ington in Time for the lisa.*
ural Or\ a monies
Now that it has been definitely settled
that be is to occupy a seat in President
elect McKinlcy's Cabinet, United States
Circuit Judge McKenna is losing no time
in his preparations to wind up the busi
ness before him.
There are a number of important cases
awaiting deei-ion, and Judge McKenna
intends to leave a clear tield for ins suc
cessor as far as possible. The ruoH iin
pertant case yet undecided is the Oakland
water-front suit, but tJie man who is ap
pointed to tha Circuit bench to succeed
Judge McKenna will have to handle that.
"I shall not render an opinion in the
Oakland water-front matter for several
icasons," said Judge MoKenna yesterday.
'The main one is that certain pha»es of
ihe case are now beforo the State Supreme
Court, and as some of the points laid be*
fore rue by counsel may be thought by
gome to touch on State laws I shall let
luu matter rest. The decision will not be
Tendered until the Supreme Court has
iiamle*i down its opinion.
"The other matters before me will be
handled as rapidly as possible, and I hope
to have thorn all straightened out by the
lend of thirty days, so that I may be able
■end the inaugural ceremonies at
Washington.
•Just at present I cannot say when I
will resign my position as a Circuit Judge,
though it will certainly not be before
I pesident McKinley takes his office. This
is not because I fear President Cleveland
will name my successor, for he would
. do so during the short time that
intervenes before inauguration day, but
because I wish to clear up as much work
as possible before taking my new posi
tion.
"i really know little about what port
folio I will receive, and I doubt if I shall
know before 1 sse President McKinley at
agton. It may be the Secretary
ship oi the interior or the Attorney-Gcn
efcaUhip.
■•Both are places which a lawyer may
appropriately fill, the Secretaryship of
tne Interior not Jess so, perhaps, than the
Attorney-General's position. In fact,
there is much of trie business appertain
ing :o the Department of the Interior
which quite in line, so to speak, with
taut of the United States Circuit Courts.
At the same time, don't understand mo
as saying that a lawyer should necessarily
be ciios n as Secretary of the Interior, for
no one needs to be loid that we have had
excellent heads of that department who <
fcave n-ot been members of the legal wo
ie^sion."
.Judge McKenna statea that he had no
definite idea as to who would be his suc
cessor as Circuit Judge.
CONVICT LABOR.
A.Mttsn-Meetiiig to Consider the Propo
sition at Metropolitan Temple
Xo-Night.
A mass-meeting has been called for to
night at 8 o'clock at Metropolitan Temple
to' consider the question of convict labor
competition, which is believed to be as
suming dangerous proportions. The
meeting will be under the auspices of the
• Manufacturers' and Producers' Associa
tion.
"It seems." said President Julian Sonn
tag, in discussing the matter yesterday,
"that the authorities at Folsom prison
are intending to push this rock-crusher
"question . to the front and furnish cities
with crushed rock. It may even extend
to dressed and undressed granite.
'If these proceedings are permitted to
go on unmolested there is • no' telling
where they will end. We are going to
make a protest that will remind some
body of tne fact that we realize when our
toes are stepped on. \.' ;
• ' "Warden Aull has been lobbying in
Sacramento for a number of days in ref
erence to this bill and is endeavoring to
push jt through.
"We know for certain that rock which
- has been crushed at Folsom during the
• past year, instead of bcine used on county
• roads, has been extensively utilized by
private contractors in foundations for
buildings, and the State is giving them
■■the. use of the prisoners and machinery,
thus permitting them to make enormous
. .profits.
"We .are determined to see that the
prisoners of this State shall not enter
into competition with free labor in any
particular."
i . ■■, •- — « — •
A. VAN BEEGEN DEAD.
•. The Well - Known Saniom* - Street
;"■':"■■ . Saloon-Keeper Passe* Away..
'August Van Bergen died at his residence,
. 720 .Capp street, Thursday, after a short
illness. The deceased was one of the best
known men on the City front. He bad
•kept a saloon for thirty years at 425 San
some street.
At the time that he started in business at
that place the water of the bay washed
the shore of Front street, within two
blocks of the place. In those days he had
for his neighbor the late James C. Flood
and William O'Brien, who kept their
famous saloon on Washington street,
where money was made by the thousands.
."Gu«," as he was known, wa3 a warm
hearted generous man to his friends and
acquaintances, whom he counted by the
Hundreds. At the time of his death he
had reached the age of 59 years, 9 months
and 1.1 days. He arrive. i.; San Francisco
from Germany, whera he was born, in 1852.
He was a member of Herman Lodge of
Free and Accepted Masons, and via* al«o
an Odd Fellow and a member of the Order
'of Chosen Friends, holding his member
slip in the former order In California
Lodge No. 1 and in Pacific Council in the
latter..
He leaves a widow and three grownup
children. His funeral will take place to
day at 2 p. m. from his residence on
Capp street, and the body will be interred
in the Masonic Cemetery.
♦ — • — •
Jurorg' TO arrant* K«ady.
County Clerk Curry has 5000 jurors' war
rants rendy lor delivery. The total amount Is
about $11,000.
•— « — •
There is an object lesson in a bottle of ale of
the type or "Evans" that is worth studying.
It shows the highest mark reached in the
science of brewing and bottling. Sherwood <&
Sherwood, I'ucinc Coast agents. d&tf&M&M
JORDAN DEFENDS HIS ORTHODOXY.
His Letter in Answer to His Critic;;, Which, He Says, Will
Be His Last Word in the Controversy.
The following letter was sent by D.r. Jordan to the Oakland Tribune, with the
announcement that it would be his last word in the controversy:
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, CALIFORNIA, February 5, 1897.
G. F. Hatton, Editor " Oakland Tribune," Oakland, Cal.— My Dear Sir: Your
kind note offering ra« the use of your columns in reply to an " open letter" is
received. The letter in question seems not to be .'mended for me, as I have seen
it in five newspapers and have had no word from the author. Perhaps it was in
tended for the "galleries."
In any case, it requires no answer. I may however say that, so far as I know,
I have never been more " orthodox" or less orthodox than to-day, nor is it any
concern of the public if I were. 1 have never knowingly ridiculed any honest
man's religion. I have never said that " religion is the debris of the dreams of
our grandmothers." 1 regard religion as the great motive force in human prog
ress, but, like gold and diamonds, it has many imitations. I have never denied
the phenomena of instantaneous conversion, nor can 1 hold myself rcsponsib'c
for the accuracy of snapshot reports of what I have said or may say. have
never denied the helpfulness of soberly conducted revivals, in which the purpose
is that of forming a Christian ideal of character. Jn my talk at Berkeley I had
in mind solely what Dr. Ditto has called "the orgies of Mrs. Woodworth's fol
lowers." I have seen accounts of them in the Oakland papers of last year, and I
have myself been present in New York and South Carolina in "revivals"
w hich seemed to me veritable scenes from the " Inferno." >Yith the madness of
these scenes religion has nothing to do. Similar scenes can be brought
about by the taste of blood or by alcoholic madness. The sole dif
ference of Importance is the character of the hypnotic suggestion and in the
purposes of those who direct them. For cruel and terrible things have been un
knowingly done by good and devout men. To destroy the mental balance
through overstrained lcligious excitement is to offer up human sacrifices.
I had supposed that such things were now mostly confined to ignorant com
munities and to professional cataieptics of the character ascribed to .Mrs. Wood
worth and the "boy revivalist," Mr. Harrison. It seems that this is not so. I
find on my desk to-day a letter from a trustworthy friend, who w rites from a
town not far from Oakland. I suppress the name, but quote the letter otherwise
verbatim, because it illustrates exactly the kind of work which, in common with
all physicians and most evangelical clergymen, I condemn:
"I saw in Monday's 'Call.'" says my correspondent, "a statement of yours
regarding revival insanity that I w ant to say 'Amen' to. I believe that thing
to be a work of darkness, unworthy of the Christian culture of this, our cen
tury ; more treacherous because it is practiced in Christian churches, and more
mischievous because it weakens the w ills of those whose earnest desire it is to
be godly.
"During the revival here there has been a great deal of; excitement. So
called converts raved in the meetings as lunatics in an asylum, fell on the floor,
and one young lady went into trances. In her trances, which sometimes lasted
all night, she visited heaven ; saw Jesus and a golden crown awaiting her there.
In the first one Jesus told her, so she said, that she would die unless a certain
young man, named ,w as 'saved.' At 3 o'clock, in the morning the young
man was summoned to the church and prevailed upon to 'be converted.' The
next night she went into a second trance, visited heaven, and Jesus called
f° r > another young man about town ; that he must be saved or she would
die. returned a profane answer. In spite of this failure she is still
alive, and has failed in another trance since, in which a third young man had
been called.
"I believe such things are an abomination. If there is a time in my life that I
would recall most gladly it is when, as a boy, I attempted to make a start toward
a better life amid the frenzy and hysterics of a revival of this type."
If there is ever a time in life when "a sober mind" in wanted it is when one
sets forth to cast aside childish and worldly things and to lead the higher lifo
which the author of the "Sermon on the Mount" has made possible for all of us.
]>AVII> STARK JORDAN.
LEFT HIS FATHER'S
BEDSIDE, TO DIE
Funeral Services Over the
Remains of Rev. H.
G. Dockery.
He Was Well Kaowa and Be
loved in This State, New
Orleans and St. Lous.
Solemn Requiem Mass at the Sacred
He:.rt Cliurch— His Father
Very 111
The service of solemn requiem high
mass was held over the remains oi Rsv.
H. G. Dockery yesterday morning at 10«30
at the Sacred Heart Church. The body
THE LATE REV. FATHER EOCKERY.
was conveyed to the train at 5 p. m., and
in charge of James P. Dockery, the brother
of the deceased, was dispatched on the
way to Los Anceles, where the burial will
take place on Monday.
The celebrants were Fathers Culler,
Gleason, McMahon and Father Flood,
pastor of the Sacred Heart Church, who
was master oi ceremonies. The priests in
attendance were Father Meyers irom Los
Angeles, and Fathers t>ynch of St. James,
ftlcGinty of the Holy Cross, Sullivan of
St. Agnes, Foley and Melville of South
San Francisco and others. Delegates
from the various sisterhoods were also in
attendance.
Father Dockery was a son of James
Dockery and a brother of Milt Inspector
James P. Dockery of this Ciiy. The cir
cumstances of bis death were peculiar y
sad. He was summoned here from New
Orleans on account of the serious illness
of his father about two weeks ago, ami
shortly after his arrival was taken seriously
ill. Friday a week ago he was carried to
the German Hospital, and on Sunday a
surgical operation was successfully per-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1897.
Jorrmdou him. Later be showed symp
toms of pneumonia, and died Wednes
day night at 8:30.
Father Dockory was a native Califor
nian, born in Monte Criato on the 15th
ot April, ISfiO. lie was widely Known ana
beloved in this State, in New" Orleans ami
St. Louis. For the past eighteen months
he has been assistant pa-tor of St.
Stephen's Church in New Orleans. In
Los Angeles he has many friends, and
was for » number of years treasurer cf the
faculty of the College of St. Vincent's at
that place. He leavs two sisters h-re,
Miss Margaret T. Dockery and Mrs.
Charles Ronecker.
The many iriend* of the bereaved
family will deeply sympathize with them
in their accumulated afflictions. The
mother died last Septemuer, und soon
after the father took a severe coui, which
resulted in raja 1 consumption, aud he is
now dangerously ill.
TEN INQUESTS.
Work of the Coroner on Cases
Recently Taken to the
Morgue.
Ten inquests were« held at the Morgue
yesterday in the cases of people who
have tiied sudden or violent deaths during
the past few days.
Verdicts of suicide were rendered In the
cases of Angus McMillan and Jacob H.
Ahrens, who took gas as their method of
getting out of this life; Franz Wolf, who
shot him«e!f after killing Mrs. Maria
Sprinznik: William Smithers, who took
poison, and C. L. Woest, who shot himself
on Pacific street.
Verdicts of acc'dental death were given
in the case? of Thomas Hansen, a saiior,
who fell into the bay while Intoxicated;
Chin Wah Bing, who fell down an elevator
shaft, and Mrs. Lillian I. Hal], who took
an overdone of morphine while trying to
allay pain.
Murder was the verdict in the case of
lbs, Mar.a Sprinznik, and "cause un
known" in the case o. Mrs. Caroline
Chenot, who was found dead by her son
on Valencia sirper.
Work for the Supervisors.
The Health and Police Committee of the
Board of Supervfsors decided yesterday to
all«.w two bills of the Pacific Marine Supply
Company which had been reiused by the
Fimnce Committee.
The Judiciary Committee referred to the
City and County Attorney the petition for the
condemnation of land that Houston street
msy b"> opened between Montgomery avenue
an.l Jones street; a. so considered a petition
for the delineation of Gibson street and noti
flc<l Krsnl|ptS io appear Id reference to the
petition nr the next meeting of the committee.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
WHAT IS PAINE'S CELERY COMPOUND?
Paine's celery compound is the one
remedy that can be trusted to make a per
son well.
It stops the drain on the nervous sys
tem; dispels harmful humors trotn the
blood, and Increases its volume and its
nourishing capacity.
Its ability to relieve tbose ailments that
seem to bo peculiarly the mislortune of
women is overwhelmingly proved by the
many testimonials from women of the
highest standing in the communities
where they live.
Its regulating power does away with
J 'tbat disheartened feeling."
APPEAL TO THE
PRESIDENT-ELECT
Fruit-Growers Ask for an
Increase in the
Tariff.
Eastern Market Flooded by For
eign Prunes, Raisins and
Walnuts.
D. H. Porter of Porter Bros. Voices
tue Sentiment of the Trade
in California.
By no class perhaps in the community
is the approaching installation of McKin
ley aud the dawn of a new administra
tion pledged to ameliorative measures
more confidently anticipated than by the
fruit-growers of California and tne com
mission merchants who handle their
products.
The McKinley protective tariff formerly
guaranteed to these important interests a
satisfactory degree of prosperity, but the
latter was unhappily short-lived, and the
passage of the Wilson bill was the signal
for its extinction. The prospect of a
speedy resumption of a protective tariff,
coupled with an inadequate supply from
other sources in the Eastern market,
caused an immediate increase of Califor
nia shipments last year, which may be
taken as an augury of permanent pros
perity when the President-elect is actu- I
ally insta led.
D. 11. Porter of Porter Bros., the com
mission merchants of California street,
expressed the general sentiment of the
trade in conversation with a Call repre
sentative yesterday. "During the last
thirty days," be said, "we have made
two shipment*, consisting of 10,000 boxes
earn, of prunes to France and Hamburg,
and last year quite a number of carloads
were tupulicd to foreign markets. Re
cent advices received from wholesalers
who handled these shipments state that
they are the first fruit ever imported into
France. The prunes in question were of
ti:e largest size, coing fony and titty to
the pound, which are rarely seen in
France in any quantity.
"Ii should be added that this apparent
increase in the trade is no criterion of av
erage conditions. The margin of profit
for the last three or four years has been
virtually nil. Last season, however, we
made a bare living owing to extremely
*hort crops in the East, with the exception
of the apple crop, which was unusua.ly
lar^e, and the exhaustion ot the previous
year's shipments. This comoination of
favorable circumstances created a demand,
which, however, cannot be relied on to
occur witii very great frequency.
'"The present uuty upon prunes of \y±
cents a pound is entirely inadequate, as
it allows Turkish, French and German
prunes to undercut us in the New York
market. The prices of California fruits
are directly affected, because, as a mat
ter of fact, the Eastern buyers never
discriminate, nor do they pay exclusive
regard to quality, but purchase the cheap- ,
est article in the market. As far as peaches
and apricots are concerned, we are not
alraid of competition, but California
ruisin*-, almonds anil walnuts need protec
tion. The California almond is admittedly
the finest in the worid. its shell is softer
than and its ti.ivur superior to that of any
other variety produced abroad.
"We are of opinion that a cent and a
half increase of the present duty on
prunes, or a total duty ol about 3 cents,
would prove satisfactory. Tne duty on
nuts should be 5 cents, at least. lam no:
absolutely sure of the ;imount of the exist
ing duly on prunes, but believe it to be as
stated ; in any event it is very light. The
McKinley bill afforded us the necessary
protection in this particular, but the Wi.
mm bill enforced the reductions i refer to.
The commission merchant should prop
erly make a net profit of 5 per cent and
the grower 2or 3 cents a pound over and
above all expenses. At present if he real
ized half a cent he is doing well.
"The restoration of the tariff, if it pro
vides the necessary duty on California
fruits, v, ill benefit the Slate general. y.
The farmer will begin to make money,
and when the farmer is prosperous every
body is prosperou-. The btate is inter
ested in this question to the extent of
millions of dollars, and it b nothing more
than reasonable for us to demand a cer
tain decree of protection. Bear in mind
that wo do not ask for anything in the
shape of a boun'y.
"The Chamber of Commerce has taken
the matter up, and shortly after McKm
'ey's election nearly every commission
hous** here, handling fruii, sent samples
to the President-eiect, with an accom
panying request that he would bear in
mind the fact thai California needs pro
tection. We look for better traae next
year— provided, of course, that the Me-
Kin ley tunfl restores the duty on Califor
nia fruits."
DSESS SUIT ON THE EUN.
R. E. Steele Makes a - wo D.ivs' Chase
After It, but Finds. lt Not.
R. E. Steele has brought suit in the Jus
tices' Court against the Pacific Transfer
Company, and in his complaint tells quite
a tale of woe about a dres9-suit case and
its contents — its swallow-tailed coat, low
cut vest and bifurcates. The complaint is
full of legal phrases about the aforesaid
case and contents, etc., but these techni
cal expressions do not detract from the
pathos of the story, which runs the legal
veroiage like a streak of sunshine through
clouds.
On January 3. 1897. so Mr. Steele sets
forth, he was t c owner ot a "certain
dress-suit case and contents of the value
of $66 50, and that he was then and there
entitled to the immediate use of the
same" — presumably the contents; but tne
defendant on January 3 "came into posses
sion of the case and contents and wrong
fully and unlawfully took, converted and
appropriated the same."
Then tho complaint, without pausing
to aay whether tne dress suit fitted the
transfer company, or any part thereof, aD
The aggravated causes of disordered |or liver by distress in those organs. When
llver and kidneys, mental depression, hys- \ ey er Jancuor or pain attack the body there
teria and kindred troubles, are recognized | is no question as to the urgent need of
and dealt with by Paine's celery com- 1 p!f n n j?i he "; ng and rc ' l °»ng the health by
, .  . . • »-xi i raine s celery compound. \V omen in
pound, in a radical and scientihe manner j trying occupations; not only housewives
that embodies the most advanced mecical , bat saleswomen, teacher?, bookkeepers
ideas of this last decade of the century. \ and others penned up for long hours be-
Paine's celery compound strengthens i hind desks and counters will hnd their
the stomach when it is irritable and in- i health and strength greatly improved by
chned to indigestion, and prevents dvs- the use of Paine's celery compound,
pepsia; it relieves palpitation of the heart A soundly nourished nervous system
that results from irregular nerve supply to and a rich, pure blood supply brought
that vital organ, and puts new life into the about by Paine's celery compound are the
entire nervous system. best bulwark against such diseases of de-
Persona in sound health are not con- bility and impoverishment as rheumatism,
tinualiy reminded of their heart, stomach neuralgia, headaches and sleeplessness.
ruptly changes the scene, and presents a
picture of a stern chase after the elusive
garments.
"The defendant still keeps and refuses
to deliver the said case and contents, and
the plaintiff has spent two days in the
pursuit oi such property, and the time so
spent was reasonably worth $10."
After the account oi the loss and tiie
somewhat uncircumstantial story of the
two days of fruitless pursuit and the
nard-heartedness; of the company, M:.
Steele statistically estimated bis aatnapei
as follows: Case and contents. $66 50;
time, $10; attorney, $25. Tnese items,
with interest on the value of the articles,
have brought the amount of the claim up
to $101 50.
TO AID THE LIBRARY.
High School Girls Preparing a Fine
Entertainment.
The pupils of the senior class of the
Girls' High School will give an entertain
ment in the Hich School auditorium Fri
day afternoon, February 19.
The entertainment will be given for the
purpose of increasing the library facilities
of the school. It will be a varied pro
gramme, including numbers from well
known professional people and talented
amateurs. From the Tivoli alone will
come Miss Bernice Holmes, Ferris Hart
man, John J. Kaffael, Rhys Thomas and
little Jack Robinson.
Miss Cahalin, Miss Roberts, Miss Mor
risey. Miss Wetjen and others will also
appear. The executive committee in
charge of the affair is composed of Mihs
Ethel Dimond. Miss Hermoine La?k, Miss
Emily Pitcbford and Miss Bessie Keyser.
Miss Keyser is head of the prets commit
tee, Miss Laughtcn of the committee of
arrangements, Miss Juliet Wagner of the
committee on tickets and Miss Edna Luce
of the programme committee.
MOONEY WAS RAMPANT
A Drunken Police Officer Fires
Three Shots in a Street
Car.
He Was Drowning a Sorrow and Lost
Track of the Proprieties of
Official Conduct-
Officer Joseph Mooney, who has been on
the police force of this City for thirteen
year-, started in yesterday morning on a
lurid celebration in which Mission liquor
ana v loud-voiced revolver were promi
nent elements, and at the termination of
which he found himself bereft of nis star
and temporarily relegated to the ranks of
the civilians. *
Mooney, his fellow ofhcers aver, has
always been an exemplary officer, but of
late he has been almost insane from grief
at the loss of his wife, who died about a
month ago. After reporting off at 8
o'clock yesterday morning he went in
dustriously to work to drown his sorrows,
and by noon he was hilariously drunk,
and in this condition he entered a car of
the San Francisco and San Mateo line
near the corner of Guerrero and Twenty
third streets.
Mooney dropped his umbrella from tha
car and the obliging conductor stopped to
pick it up. The car's halt suggested to
Mooney that tnings were moving too
slowly. He drew his revolver, an inci
dent of his official position, and com
menced livening things up in a manner
that would have done credit to Wild West
notion.
Three shots he fired in rapid succession.
Two of these went over his head and a
third lodged in the framework over the
windows.
Fortunately the passengers in toe car at
the time were few, and those who wit
nessed the affair lost little time in seeking
the sidewalk. For the remainder of his
journey Mooney had a nice roomy car all
to himself.
A complaint was at once lodged with
Chief Crowley, who, in view of Mooney's
recent bereavement, was inclined to view
Mooney's indulgence more leniently than
he otherwise might. Nevertheless he had
Mooney brought before him at once. He
was deprived of his star and was placed
upon the suspension list until such time
as the Commissioners shall pass upon his
case. Tiie charge against him is intoxica
tion an<l conduct unbecoming an officer.
KEW TO-DAY.
1 he Forum
FEBRUARY, 1897.
Future of the Democratic Organization ,
Senator DAVID B. HILL
The Present and Future of Cuba,
FIDEL G. PIERRA
Chairman of the Cuban Press Delegation
Evils to be Remedied In our Consular Service,
Hon. TO. WOODVILLE ROCKHILL
Assistant Secretary of State
Ladles' Clubs In London, - ALICE ZIMMERN
The Results of Cardinal Satolli's Mission,
Rev. Dr. EDWARD McGLTXN
Economy of Time in Teaching. Dr. J. M. RICE
Speedy Financial and Currency Reform
Imperative, - Hon. CHAS. N. FOWLER
Member of Banking and Currency
Committee, (11. R.:
The Cure for a Vicious Monetary System,
Senator IV. A. PEFFER
Poe's Opinion of "The Raven," JOEL BENTON
; The Criminal In the Open, - JOSIAH FLYN'T
The New Memoirs of Edward Gibbon,
FREDERIC HARRISON*
THE FORUM PUBLISHING CO.
NEW YORK.
as Cents a Copy. $3.00 a Year.
■^^ ___
OCEAN TRAVEL.
(MPAGSIE GEIER.U, TRAISITLiITIQUS
French Line to Havre.
COMPANY'S PIKR(SEW).M NORTH >***V.
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by -&i3tm
this line avoid both transit by English railway and
the discomfort of cross! the channel in a smalt
boat, i.xw Yont to Alexandria. Kgypt, via Paris.
first class $160. second class ¥116.
LAKORMAXDIE .......Feb. 13, 9jk.it.
LA lIOI'KQOUKE Feb. 20. sa. it.
LA CHAMPAGNE Feb. 27, 8:30 a.m.
LA UASCOGNK. .....: March 8. 6a. m
LA BKETAGNR... .....March 13, Ba. sc.
'M&~ For further particular* apply to
•A. FOKGET. Agent.
— ■ . o >"o. 3. Bowling Green. New York.
J. F. -FUGAZI * CO., Agents. 6 Montgomery
avenue, San Francisca ■
MISCELLANEOUS.
50T1CE MITIJG_SEAIED PROPOSALS
For the Purpose of Sale of Bonds of
the City of San Jose.
rPHK MAYOR AND COMMON . COUNCIL OP
J. the City of San Jose, having by ordinance en-
titled "An ordinance providing for the issuance
and sale of bonds of the City of mui Jose." e:r., I
passed 0:1 tne 21st day of December. lt>96. anl
approved on the 23d day of December, 1898,
ordained that them should be Issued bv said city
of San Jose six hundred high school building
bonds, of the denomination of 9125 each, and four
hundred sewer bonds of the denomination of $10J
each, both classes of bonds to bear Interest at th*
rate of *Va i er cent oer annum, payable semi-
annually, and also by said ordinance authorized
and directed the City Clerk of said cit7 to give
notice Inviting proposals for the sale of said bonds,
now therefore
Public notice Is hereby given that the City of San
Jose intends to Issue one thousand bonds aforesaid,
and that sealed proposals will be received at the
office of said City Cl«rlc at the City Hal in San
Jose, (ailfornia. until tne hour of eight o'c cci
p. m., on the eighth day of February, 1597 (at
which time, or as soon thereafter as said Mayor
and Common Council shall duly convene, said bids
will be opened), for the purchase of the whole or
any part of said high school building and newer
bones, or either tnereol Said bonds are to bear
date June 1, 1897. ana the interest thereon to bs
paid seml-annually on the first day if Decembor
and the first day -of June of each year thereafter,
both principal and Interest payable in gold coin or
lawful money of the United States •
Said hl.u school building bonds shall be num-
bered consecutively from one to six hundred, both
Inclusive, and be divided into forty series, num-
bered const-cut: ■ iroiu one to iorty, both In-
clusive, each series consisting of fifteen bond*; |
the first series Is to include those bonds which ara j
cumbered from one to fifteen, both inclusive, and I
each .succeed in» series is to Include the fifteen |
bonds numbered consecutively after ihos« la- '
cluded in me next preceding series
Said server bunds shall be- numbered consecu-
tively from ona to four hundred, both inclusive,
and b - divided into lony series numbered '"on-
j eecutively from one to forty, both inclusive, each
j series consisting of ten bonds; the first series is to
; include thoso bonds which are numbered from
I oi.e to ten, both inclusive, and each succeeding
{ series Is to Include the ten bonds numbered con-
Be cutl rely after those included In the next pre-
ceding series.
The first series of said nigh school building
bonds and said sewer bonds sii j!l be made payable
j on the first day of June, I£9B. and one of the re-
maining series is to be made payable o.i the first I
day of June In each succeeding ca endar year j
thereafter, until and including the ye 1937.
Said bonds are to be made payable to th'- order of
the purchaser or payee byname, and to each of
said bonds there U to be attached interest-bearing
coupons, double In number in the number of y>^ars
whlcn such bond has to run ij. f'ir>. its maturity.
I'ruposaU must state the price offeied, the descrip-
tion of the bonds desired, and be accompanied by
a certified check on some redponsiole bank, pay-
able to the order of the Mayor of said City, for at
least ten per cent of the amount bid, said checx to
be returned to bidder in case the bid is not ac-
cepted. The purchase money for said bonus shall
be raid In sold coin of the' United .-tales within
ninety days after notice of acceptance. The rl*h:
to accept any or all b : ds and to reject any or all
bids, or portions of bids, is hereby expressly re*
served. J. W. COOK, City L.eri.
Dated January 2.1. 1897.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
THEO. R.&N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
FOnTLA-KT ID
From Spear-street Wharf, at 10 a. m.
FA l^ir/* l3 l ? irst-class 1 Including
-^-•-''-l-'ISIS Second-class /berth & meals
SCHEDULE O.F SAILINGS: '
George W. Kiclcr ....Feb. 12, 22
State of California 1 ..Feb. 7, 17, 27
Through tickets and through ba;ga-;e to all
Eastern points. Kates and folder* upon applies-
tion to
F. F. CONNOR. Gene'alAeenU
630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS <t CO.. Superintendents
PACIFIC COAST_STEASSHIP CO.
STEAMERS LEAVE BROADWAY Jfr^R.
O wharf, San Francisco, as follows: -33&22S j
For Man- Island, J.orinit, Wrangel. Juneau. Kll-
llsnoo and Sttka (Alaska), at 9 a. m., Feb. 10, 25.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Titcomt, Everett, Anacortes and
New Wnatcom (Belllnicham Bay, Wash.). 9 a. m.
Feb. 4. 10, 15, 20, 25, and every fifth day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C; P. R.
K., atTacoma with N. I*. R. ii., a: Seattle with U.
N. icy., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For Kureka, Arena and Fields Landing (Hum-
boldt Bay), sir. Pomona '2 p. m., Feb. 1, 5,9, 13,
17. 21, 35, and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos,
Port Harford (Sun Luis Obispo), Gaviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, tan Pedro, East San
Pedro (Los An?eles> and Newport, at 9 a. m.
Feb. 3, 7. 11, 15, 19. 23, 27, and every fourtn
I day thereafter.
For san Diego, stopping only at For: Hanorl
(San Luis ObUp.o), santa Barbara, Fort Los An-
feles. Redondo (Los Anceles) and Newport, 11
a.m. Feb. 1,5. 9, 13, 17, 21, 25, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For Ensenada, San Jose del Cabo. Mazatlan, La
Paz and Guaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, ID
A. M. 25th of each month.
'1 he Company reserves the right to change with- I
out previous notice steamer*, sailing dates and
hours of sailing. Ticket office— Palace Hotel, 4
New Montgomery ic.reet.
(JOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen'l A^entt.
10 Market si.. San FrancUco.
PNVHMBfI The S s - 3IONOWAI
3SHHSL sali * via HONOLULU
L.fi "■"•"•and AUCKLAND for
■~_ SYDNEY. . Friday. I
CbiS'^ 1• A February 6, at 2p. M. '
rSlrJilllSniD'J &?? -VUSTKALIA tor
CJlbUiUJli!|/ HONOLULU only
fOJURfIfIU* Tuesday, >ebruar.- 23.
V^lll^VJltfep at a p „. special party
rates.
i Line to COOLO ABDIE, Aust.,and CAPETOWN
6outh Africa. ...
J. D. SPRKCKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents, •-; *
114 Montgomery stress.
freight Office, 327 Market St.. San Francisco.
STOdmH STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St..
At 0 P. 31. Daily. l<"r«iKiic received up
to .:.{•» i*. 31.
fm~ Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
The only Hue iteiliuc through tickets and giving
through freight rates to all points 0:1 Valley
Railroad.
STEAMEKS:
T. C. Walker, , J. D. refer*,
Mary Uarratt. City of Stockton.
'1 telephone Main SOS. Cai. Nav. and Impt. (Jo
FOR YALLEJO AID U. S. lATT-TIRHL
STtiAMJKK "MONTICKLLO." .
Dally ex. Sa:urday & Sun.. 10:33 a. m. and 4 p. at
Saturdays •10:30 a.m., 4. p. 54.
Sundays ; g p. it '
Landing Misslon-stree: Dock.' Pier Z.
Telephone Black 281.
*Trlp'glves 6 hour* slop at Navy-Yard.
FOR m JOSE, LOS GATOS & SAJTA CRUZ
OTEAMEK ALVISO LEAVES PIER 1 ON
pday. Wednesday. Friday, at 10 a^. Alv&i
•1 uesdav. Thnrsd«v. Saturday, at 3 p. iT Fre>h« ;
and Passenger. Fare between san Francisco and
Alviso, 50c; to San Jose. 75c. Cl« » p;*,
«0 W. bam* CUr» su siaa^ Joi* ** **
RAILROAD TRAVEL. I
lOETU PACIFIC COAST RAILEOIi
(Via Saosallto Ferry).
Stem Bab VtMiclaco, Commtnclog Sept. 1& 189 &
WK£JU>AT»
r«rMUI Valley and San Rafael— *7 |28, •9i1«l I
11:00 a. M.: *1:45, 3:45. •i-.lb, *5 :45, P.iJ !
Extra trips for Ban Rafael on Mondavs, Wedj|«»
«ajraand Saturdays •>: 11:30 p. M. "
SUNDAYS. .-; if-irii -ii • }■
For Mill Valley and Pan Rafael— *B;oo, "10:00 '
•11:30 a. M.; n-.HO. 3:00. *4:30, 6:16*. M.
Train* marked • run to San Quentlo.
THROUGH TRAINS. |
«r For . J 01111^??? 68 and way stations— 7|3» a. ■
Weekdays, B*o a. m. Sundays, 1:45 » m! data?
uys. - . - . 1
THE m fr ixcisco AH SIS joaquu |
YALLEYKAILWAY €OIPAIY.
F^Vn^yi^ ?? W"-.^^' *«ln,
southbound. Station!. Northbound. '
7:2i>a. m.. Siockton .'.:.:'.-. 6-i()p M
9:*9 a. «....„.... Mercei...........5^4P 2.'
11:!0a v........... .Fresno. :...".l:10p m
■ For In term iate stations see ttn<»-table.
Connect! nit steamboats of the C. N. & I. Co. [
leave Ban Francisco and Stockton at 6 p. M. daily- !
The great invigorf-ator not only cures these
diseases, but by building up the system
prevents their gaining a lodgment in the
body.
When one hears it confidently declared
by so many well-known and representa
tive men and women every where that
Paine's celery compound positively and
permanently cures diseases tiiat at first
glance seem so remote from each other a3
clironic constipation, hysteria and ner
vousnes?, inquiry into these diseases
shows that their common origin is a run
down, exhausted nervous system and
vitiated bluod, and Paine's celery com
pound builds up the one and purities and
strengthens the other.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
I32CKV I>A<:IFIC CO3IPAST.
(PAOjriCl MVSTKM.t
Train* leMve »>i<l nre «l«i«- to arrive at
KAN ntANVMCO.
leave — From January 1. 1597. — akrivb
" «6.-0I»a Sau Joso and Way Stations... B*43*A
7:»0,\ Atlantic Kxpress, Ogiien and Kai*.. Ssl.ip
~:OO.v libiilcia, Vacarille, Kuii-.s^y. Sacra-
mento. OroTille end Uedding via
l>aTi3 6:45?
. 7:SU a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, Napa,
Cilistojj-j, and Santa Rosa C:15"»
»::ti»A Niles, Ban .lose. Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, Marysville, Chico,
Teliania and Rod Jiluff -*:Isp
•8:3Oa Potcrs and Milton »~:13p
OiOOa N»w Orleans Uxpretß, Raymond (for
Yosemitc). Fresno, lJakcrslieKl,
Santa Barbara, l.os Aucelcs, Dem-
Ins; El Paso, Ken- Orleans and
East 4:4-1p
9:OOa Martinez and Stockton 4:-t."»p
«:OOa Vallejo O:15p
Nilas. Sun Jose, Livermore and
Stockton 7:13p
•I:OOp Saoramonto Kiver Steamers »«:«0p
I:OOp Nile*, San JO3O and l.ivermora J*:43a
tl:3op Tort Costa and Way Stations I?:J5p
4:«M»i- Martinez, .Sail Kanion, Vallejo.
Nitpa, Cailstoga, l'.l Verano and
Santa llobii Oil3a
4:OOp Beniqia, VacaTille, Woodland^
' Krights Landing, MarysTillo, Oro-
viilii ami Baoranieu'o 11:15a
4:30p Lathrop, Stockton, Modesto, Mer-
ced and Fresno, going via Niles,
returning ria Martinez 11:43a
O:OOpLo3 Angeles Express, Tracy,
.■'•*-; Fresno, Santa Barbara and J.Ol
Angeles 10:43a
SiOOp Santa )•'« ](outc. Atlantic JCxpreS'j
for Mojavu aud K:ist JO:4."Ja
6:O»i> Kuropeau Mail, (l^. leu and Kast.... 0:45a
«:«<>i- Hiijin'iirdM, Nili-siiiid San .lose 7:15a
t7:OOfVaaoJo t7:43»
7:OOi- Or«»[ou l/.ci'ro.sH.Satrraiiieiilo, Marys-
vlllb. Iteddbig, Portland, l'mjefc
Sound and Kast 11:13*
«IlO:O*p "Sunset Limited." Fresno, Los
Aa;eles, HI Paso, New Orleans
. anrlKaat $12:45p
■ SANTA CKi:Z lUVInU > (Nhitoit <;;iuaf). ~
• 1 15a Newmle,Ceiitervilk-,Nftn.)ose,Fe!to;i,
r>oul ik-r Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations 3>3«r
•2ilBp Newark. Centervillc, Kan .lose. New
Alm&den, Felton, Uoulder Creek,
'•'■ '- -Sunta Cnn and Frinciiml Way
SUtions «JIIz2Oa
4:l. Up Newark, Kan .lose and 1.03 (Sutus ... »:3©a
fll: -13 1- Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
Way BUtiona , }7iBop
COAST IIH VISION (Tliinl & Townsruil Sis.)
«:43.v San Jose and Way Stations (New
Almadeu Wednesdays only) l:30p
»:1S»S»:i Jobs, Ties l'inua, Sim ta Cruz.
I'acilii; (irove. Paso Kulilcs, .San
1.1:13 Olilspo, Cuadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way SUtiiins 7:OOp
IO:4Oa San .lose and Way Stations S:OOp
llt8S)A Palo Alto and Way Stations 3sSO»
•a-.«Oi- San Matin, Menlo Park, Man .lose,
Gilroy, Tres Pinos, S;'.nta Cru:,
Silinas, Monterey aiul I'acilicGrove *|O:4O»
•:t::i«pBau Jose and Way Stations t:*r». v
•4:3Opßan Teaeand Wny Stations •N:O.'sa
5:30 p Jose ami Principal Way Stations *Bx4OA
C: 'Mi p San Jose and Way Stations !>::j.*»\
111: 1.1 1- San Jose mid Way 5;:,'i,,,.s -(7:-lsp
SAN LK.V.NUKO AM) UAVUAKI>> LOCAL.
i*6TooT" 7 7:13a
8:OOa 1 i'.t-.IX.K
iHSa I Kelroso, Seminary Park, sf!jg*
"lIoSf J-iflibnrs.SaiiLeandro "jJ'J
3:00p «_ d ' 4:43p
4:00p • BU "J B:4Sp
5:00p HaTwards fi:l3p
5.1,1 IIJJ U ill UO( f^. ar-
:.JOp ' 7:-85p
7:»0p • Ba4S]
»:()Or i Huns through to Niles. ib-ROp
ttll:lspj From Niks. [ fU2:OOP
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SAN FIUKCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 • 9:00 11:00a.m. $1:00 *2:00 t3:ofl
•1:00 15:00- •6:00 p.m.
from OAKLAND— Foot or Broadway *6:00 8:00
10:00a.m. U2:CO *1:00 t2:00 *3:30 t*.O3
*s:ooi'.M.
A for Morning. ' P for Afternoon.
• Sundays excepted. - ■ ) Saturdays only.
»•*■ * Sundays only.
■ft Monday. Thursday and Saturday nights only.
TTueulajs and Saturdays. § Sundays and Thursday*.
SAS FRASCISCO & MOT PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon I'erry— Foot of Market St.
> San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DATS— 7:3O. 9:00, 11:00 a.m.; 12:3V
• 8:30, 5:10. 6:30 P. M. Thursdays— Extra trio
at 11:30 p. »i. Saturday a— Extra trips at I:SJ
and 11:30 p. u.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:3*
6:00. 6:20 P. H.
San K:if.t<'l to «s»n Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS. 7:50. 9:'-'O. 11:11) a. v ■
12:45, 3:40, 6:10 P. M. Saturdays— Extra trini
at 1:55 P. sc. and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:U', 9:iu, 11:10 a. ic: 1:40,3:11
6:00, 6:25 p. u.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzea Park sanw
schedule as above.
lje » ye i T „-„-,. Arrive
San Francisco. oct 14. Pan Francisca
Wekkl days, "eatinatiou. Sox- I Week"
Days. | days. I *»m ia »on- PAY9 . [ Days.
7:Soaic 8:0O am Novato, 1 10:40 ax 8:40 asc
3:30 S:3oam Petaluma, 6:10 pti 10:25 a st
6:10 pm 5:00 Santa Kosa. | 7:35 i-m 6:22 Pit
Fulton. 'I"
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 AX
Healdsburgi
' : i yttoii,
** Oeyservllie,
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:85 pm 6:22 ps€
~7~- ' j i l'leta,
I Uopland &
7:30 AM; 8:00 AM 1 Ukiah. 7:35 pm 6:22
7 :30 am r ~- 10:25 ak
- ' ! 8:00 am Ouernevllle. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm! ■ _J 6:22 pm
7:3oam 8:00am Sonoma. 10 am I 8:40
and
6:10 pm 5:00 PM Olen Ellen. 6:10 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8 :0O am| R«tonol ! 10:^0 am I loTa <ax
3:30 pm 5:00 pm| bebastopol - ! 6:10 PM [ 8:22
Stages connect at Santa Kosa for Marie West
Springs: at Geyserville for Skasgs Springs; K
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pi eta for Highland
Springs, Kelseyvllle, Soda Bay and uikeport; at
Kopland far Lukrport and liartlett Springs; at
Ukiah for -Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blim
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, I'omo, Potter
Valley. John Day's, Klvers!rte, Lierley's, Buck-
cell's, Sanhedrin. Heights. Uullville, Booneville,
Greenwood, Orr's Hot Springs. Mendocino City,
Fort Brae?, Westport, Usal, WMets. Cahto, Co-
veio, Laytonvillc, Harris, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
rates.
On Sundays round-trio tickets to all points be-
yond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market st., Chronicle bulldlns.
A. W. FOSTER, R. X. RYAN.
Vrca. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pas*. Agent.
Atlantic l||^^^^%
Pacific
Trains leave aui amyj ilm^^^^S
ilarkti-strtut Ferry. I^^^^
BHT4 FE EXPRESS.
To Chicago via A. & *' • <fsF^<^§oUT El
Direct I.ina - * - "° :: ~"<'A?^* :^<3§3
Leaves da ly at 6: jo p. m.. carrvinsr Fullman Palaco
£>rawlnjf-room an.l Modern Upuolsterpd TourUt
eepin -can». which ran dally throuih to Criomeq
via (Kansas City. Annex caw for Denver and 3;.
Louis. ™* a -
Bos. or. K.-ccur-<lons. via Kansas Clly, Chlcajjix
Montreal and the White Mountains leave ever?
l'i.esday.
The best railway from California to* the East
Kew rails, new ties: no dust: interesting scenery,
ana good meals in Harvey's dining-rooms. .
. ban Francisco Ticket Office, 644 Marked
St.. Chronicle ISuilding. Telephone Mala
1&31* I Oakland, 1118 liroadway.
HIOUi\T TAJIALPAIS.
C Train* fonn-et with North Paoifla
<o;i8t Railroad. "«»»■
WEKK DAY6- Us<l S. F. 9:1 a. M. 1-4.%- v
? Returning— Arrive W. f. 3:25 pm. 6:20 r£'
SUNDAYS— Leave S.F.BA. M 11::H0a. m. l-3u~ i"
Returning— Arrlvo S.F.I :15 p.m. 4:20 p.m. 7:55 v iT
Tickets for sale in Mill Valley or ' «*■•«.
THOs. COOK & SONS, 6_'l Market «., a. F
Ulii Valley and Mount Tacmlpai* betale Ualiwaj,
9
m10
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SIMMAI.V OF THE MAKK.ETS.
Free supplies of Coal promise!.
Silver unch&nsed.
Wheat Futjr.'s lower.
Feed Barley declined again.
Oats, corn and Rye negUciod.
• Bo.mi and >eeds dull.
F. our and Mllisttifts unchanged.
Potatoes and Unions in light receipt.
Bu tt-r. Cheese and Kggs unsettled.
Turkeys lower. Oameculi,
Apples, Oranges an 1 Lemon* quiet.
Provisions unchanged.
Hogs firm. Beef weak,
Hides and Wool as before.
Increase 1 1 local gold coin circulation.
De; iea.se I exports 01 specie.
GOLD COIN MOVEMENT.
The movement of Gold Coin at San Francisco
for the month of January was as follows:
raid for duties $^5,900
Exported 144.700
Total withdrawn 86J>0.600
Coined in December 2,730.000
Added to local circulation $2,079,400
THE " COAL, TRADE.
The private circular of I. Steuart gives the re
ceipts of Coal at this port in January at 119,200
tons, against 1*^8,600 tons in January, 1896. and
says: "The receipts of Coal from the various
sources of supply during the month have been
about an average quantity, prices continuing with
out material change, Shipments of Coal from Aus
tralia promise to be large during the comings a
son. eriKHgemeuts to a considerable extant having
already been made, assuring a supply of this Coal
at reasonable rates tor a large part of the year.
From present Indications shipments of Coal from
Great Bri.ain w 11 be light during the first hitlt of
the year on account of the high rates of freight
ruling from that quarter."
THIS WEKK'S FAILURKS.
Trie Bradstreet Mercantile Agency reports 37
failures for the Pacific Coast Slates and Territories
!rr the week, ending yesterday as compared with 28
Irr the previous week and 18 for the corresponding
»(fKOi 1896. The failures are divided among th«
trades as follows: 2 general store. ri saloons, 1
wall paper. 1 storage, 1 plumber, 1 wagon-maker,
1 boots and shops. 1 printer, 1 mining, 1 .anndry,
1 cigars, 1 restaurant, 1 orchardtst, a men's fur
nishing;, 2 hotels, 1 dry goods, 2 grocers.
EXPORTS OF SPECIE.
Exports of Specie from Ban Francisco In Janu
ary were •1,381.853, ggalnst $3,818,248 In Janu
ary. 1896, and included $512,540 In Silver Bul
lion, $545.9.^1 In >!ex can Dollar*, $22,000 in sil
ver Coin and $144,682 in Gold Coin.
Explanation.
The arrow flies with th» wind. Tb§ top fi|rnr«
at station Indicate maximum temperature for th«
days; those underneath it. If any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow In Inches and hundredth*, '
during the past twelve hours. Isobar*, or solid
lines, connect pom s of equal air pressure; l«o- !
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "hieh" means high barometric pressure and
Is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains. '
"Lows" usually first appear on the Washington I
roast. When the pressure is high In the interior !
and low along the coast, and the Unbars extend '
north and south along the coast, rain is probable: !
but when the "low is inclosed with Isobars of I
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is lmprob '
nble. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California ooast, warmef
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather In winter. The reverse of thea« conditions
Mil produce an opposite result.
WEATHER IDUKAD REPORT.
United States Department of Agrictjl,
icke, Weather Bureau, sax FRA-VCISCO, Feb.
4, .897. Op. K. Weather conditions and general
forecast:
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
os compared with those of the same date last sea
son and rainfall during the ppst twenty-four hours:
Eureka, missing, last season 24.73. past 24 j
hours : Red Bluff 17.84, last season 13.8:-!, past j
24 hours .72; San Fraacisco 16.34, las: season '
12.42, pas*. 24 hours .61: Fresno 7. 67, lav season '
4.09. pas: 24 hours .31 ; San Luis Oblspo 14.69,
last season 12.23, pas: 24 hours, .27: Los Angeles
11.01. last reason 5.91, past 24 hours .08: San
Diego 7.25, last season 4.44, past 24 hours trace; '
Yurua 4.06, last season .46. past 24 hours .00.
Han Francisco data — Maximum temperature 58, i
minimum 51. mean 54. | .
A storm continues central over Oregon, Wash
ington an.l Vancouver. During the past 24 hours
there has been a fall of more (ban two-tenths of j
an inch in pressure over the entire northern half
of the Pacific -lope.
Rain has la leu over the entire Pacific region and
also over Utah. loabo ana Montana.
The temperature has fallen slightly ovar the
southern part of Calllomia and risen over the
northern part.
Keports from Eureka are ml««.lnr. The follow- |
ing maximum wind velocities are reported: Fort I
Canby, 36 miles per hour from the southeast; |
Red Bluff, 30 mile* from the southeast: Wince
mncca. 46 miles from the west: Jdaho Falls, 26
from the south: Point Reyes, 45 miles from the
west: San Francisco, 32 miles from the southwest.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
emilng midnight. February 6. 1897. <
Northern California — r.ain Saturday, fresh
southeasterly winds.
southern California— Occasional showers Satur
day in northern portion; cloudy In southern por
tion; fresh westerly winds. . .
Nevada— Rain Saturday in northern portion.
Utah— Rain Saturday.
Arizona— Cloudy Saturday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Unsettled weather
Saturday, with s lowers: fresh, , aoutnwesierly
winds.
tcuthwest storm signals are displayed at San
Francisco.
Una,
The continued heavy rainfall over the Sac
ramento and ban Joaquln valleys has caused
a iap:d rise in the rivers. A still farther
rls» may be looked for to-night and Saturday. The '
in. lowing rep:m* were received at 6 p. m. Febru
ary 5:,. Stockton, 10.5. a rise of 2.6 feet since i
last i i^ht and sill! risi:ig: ited Bluff. 20 fee- a I
rise of 205 (w: Colusa, 25.9 feet, a rise of. 7 I
feet: Mary sv.lle, 15.8 feet, a rise of 2.4 feet: Fol
som, 22 fen, a rise or 8.6 f-'et; Sacramento 22 4
feet, a ru- o( 1.4 feet. Waterfor.l. «5 fe«t. At
han Joaqutn bridg» the river is 15.1 feet.
Alexander ilcAniE, Local Forecast Ofllcial-
SEW \O«K MARKKTS.
Financial. i
NFW YORK. N. V.. Keb 5.-The early dealings
at the stock Exchange we c characterized by weak
ness, owing mainly to mode ate sales for London
account and the investigations now in progress in
various States into the affiirs of trusts, t-ugar
was the particularly weak spot and there was a
6harp pressure to sail the stock at the opening on
the announcement that officials Identified with the
company had incorporateJ a coffee company in
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WMEELOCK CO.,
•4: Leidesdorff St., Tel. Main 1034.
CUTBi 1. orricß
623 Market au. Palace Hotel. Pur ly A Atkinson
Managers. Tel. Main 6144.
Uptown Office— Baldwin Hotel (adjoining Grill
Room). Tel. Mala 1091.
PURDY. ATKINSON & CLAPP, Managers.
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo
tations. Reference Ist National Bask, s. F? -
CHICAOO. PiaVAiii WLUifi. .MiW YOBK.
Trenton. N. .1.. with a capital of $100,000 to fight
Arrmokl- > ros. This was accepted as meaning a
sharp tonfllct between those a' the head of the
sugar and coffee trades and further reductions in
i he prices of both articles
Sugar opened at a full point lower— ll3% to
113 l 'i— mid Inter sold down toli:-li/ 8 . The stock
rimmed for t53,7U) shares in a total tor the whole
tUi of 166,746 shares.
The Keneral rrar-et yielded \\ to 1 per cent,
the grangers, Manhattan and < hicago Gas leading
th» downward movement. The ad vice* from
Li ndou that matters were unsettled in conse
quence of rumors of South American complica
tion* and the Illness of the Czir had influence on
local sp<-> illation. The grangers were weakened
in- the statement of the. Cnlcago, Burlington and
Quincy, showing only a little ov r 3 percent
earned on the stocii lor the calendar year, and
Boston bouses w»ra sellers at the start. During
the afternoon .most of i be losses were recovered
under purchases to cover short contracts, and in a
few instance* went above iast night's final prices.
Sugar recovered from 113S/ g to 114 Vs. but the
rise brou lit in fresh offering* and the slock sold
back to ll.xr.g.
Among i lie specialties Illinois Steel fell 1 per
cent and tha Nickel Plate stock was offered down
on repor.s that the company will pass the divi
dend on the :ir-it preferred «toc<. Speculation
closed quiet in tone. Net changes show losses of
V* to % percent, excepting Northern Pacific pre
ferred and the ooa.ers, which gained V* to 1 per
cent. ■%»;?"
Bonds were strong. Sales footed up $2,896 000.
Northern Pacific thirds were the feature, naving
risen IS/g to 66V« on larg> transactions. Atlantic
and .Pacific fours, certificates, rose Ito 1021/3:
Brooklyn Elevated fours, 3 to 54: Boston and
Maine fours. iy 8 to 49%". Consumers' Gas of Chi
cago firsts. Iy3iuß7; liueking Valley consolidated
lives. 1 to 76: Metropolitan .Elevated firsts, % to
118»/ 8 : Ontario and Western refunding tours.
1 tuHJi-i: Ohio Sou barn firsts, \y^ toK6y 3 : »t.
Paul, Dakota and Great southern, 1 to 110: Klch
raond and Danville debenture fives, stamped
brought 101 against 95 tr.e last reported sal"*.
In Government bonds 575.0 10 coupon four* of
1925 sold at 122Vi@l'-'2V4 and $20,000 registered
fours ot i 907 at lilf'g^l llVi-
Grit
FLOTJP— Quiet, steady. Winter wheat, low
erades, $2 30@i3 30; fair to fancy, $3 35©4 60; do
patents, $4 'J.Vg.5; Minnesota c ear, $3 .*.<>(u V
00 straights, $I@4 45; do patents, $4 10 S3 4 85;
low extras. £2 bu(s3 30; City Mills. S*(g.'s; do
patents, $5@6 25: Hye m'xture, $3@3 50; su
perfine. $'.•<$ 2 80: fine, $1 bo®; 84.
southern flour, dull: common to fair extra
93 . <J(tj..-. SO: good to » boice do. $3 75@4.
Kye flour, quiet, steady, at $2 t>o£».
CORN MEAL— LuII, steady. Yellow Western,
*1 90®-'.
KYK— Dull, steady. SBVs@39c c. 1. f. Buffalo:
43y^c c. 1. f. New York; >o. 2 Western, 44f;»c
f. a b . opening of navigation.
BARLEY— Quiet, steady. »3»ic c. 1. f. New
York; 281 (g)2*c c. 1. f. Buffalo: oO^c f. a b.
WliKA'l — bpot market dull, steady. F. o. b.,
94i/gc; ungraded red, 75(j£95c; No. 1 Northern,
»75, B e.
options opened weak at %c decline on easier
cnb.es, weak west and local realizing; ra:lied l(g)
! llg on local covering, fell M on laic weakness
] west, closing steady at 1 4c advance on February
and Man li. unchanged to 1 H • ecllne on o her
months, with trading dull. .May and July most
active. No. 2 red February, 84c: March, 8: ' *'':
May. 82y 2 c; June, 81% c: July, 79V« C: September,
76«/ c
COR v — Spots dull, easier. No. 3, 28% c eleva
tor, •-97 / 8 c afloat.
Options were dull and steady at Vs c decline, fol
lowing the west and easier cables. May only
traded in. February, 28 7 8 c; May, 29% c: July,
I 3ly 4 c.
1 OATS— Spots fairly active, firm.
Options dull, easier. February, 21i/>c; May,
22c; July, :\ir. B e.
spot prices: -No. 2, 21V2 C = do white. 1.4 c: So,
2 Chicago, 22y c: No. 3. •JUV3C: No. 3 white. 22c:
mixed Western. 2iy 4 @22c; do white, 22<&30C:
white Mate, 22@3'Jc.
Provisions.
LARD— Steady. Western steam, $4: City,
!$3 55; May, $4 02y ; refined slow; Con
tinent. *4 25; South American, $4 60; compound,
] 4@4i,»a
PO..K— Dull: easy. Mess, f R(£B 75.
j;lllKi.- cho'.c.-, sttady. 10<$lSc: do Cream
ery. 14@20c: Western Creamery, 1 4(0,2 1V3C; do
factory, 7@t4c: Elgins, 2i(g2.,c; Imilailon (.ream
cry. ll©l6c.
UHKI.SK- Strong, fair demand. Fart skims,
6®9U.c; full skims. 3(a,»VjC
fc.GUS—l-. at her easy, lirhonse, per case, $2@3;
Western fresh. 13@14%c: limed. lb@l3V^c
TALLOW— steady, unchanged.
COTTONSEED Oli. — Quiet, barely steady.
Crude. 20c: yellow prime. 2..C.
KICK— J-irm, fair demand, unchanged.
MOLASSES— Quiet, unchanged.
COtr'KE- Steady. s@lo 1 o uts down. March,
*9 30: Maw $9 »5: July, $9 45: September and
December, ?9 40. Spot Kio, dull, s.eadv: No. 7,
9%c.
s?UOAR— Raw, quiet, easy. Kefined, fair de
mand, unchanged.
Fruit and Produce.
APRICOTB-Bags, 9@llc.
}> >riil-.fc— l'ecitfi, uoxes 12i^® 15c; unpeeled,
bags 7@9.\
PRUNES— Four sizes nomlna', /8 c,
RAISIN."— Two crown L. ,41.-4 &4y 5 0.: three
crown, ,M,i(^5V2C; four crow 1, tj(o)Bi/ 2 c; i-onao:i
layers. $1 .-loai 50: cluster?, $1 to®l 90.
AiMuNDb— soft nueli, ts(^9 i /3C paper shell,
ll@l2c.
WALNUTS— standard. 7c; do soft shell, 9c.
HOPS— Moderate deiuauJ; Pacific Coast, a ' 2©
13c.
WOOL. — Firm and unchanged.
Merchandise,
rlOlßON— Quiet, unchanged.
COPPER— Firm. Lake. 12.
LKAD-Strong. Demesne. '3 20@525.
Quiet, etiails, *13 50&13 60: plates,
quirt.
SiFELTKR-Flrm. Domestic. $4 05@i 10.
CHICAGO MAKKKTS.
CHICAGO, lv.', P'eb. 5 Wheat was a shade
lower to-day, but there was a fairly steady tone
and moderately good demand at the decline. The
deprecia.ion in price was due to 1 1 verpool's dis
regard of the French crop shortage, to which our
strength of yesterday was mainly ascribed.
The Paris and French country markets were
also under no apparent worry as to the outlook,
and the belief that we were borrowing trouble
found expression in the decline which look place
this morning. The Northwest received 299 cars,
against 194 last Friday and 584 a year ago.
Chicago had nineteen cars and inspected out
106,325 bushels. Quite liberal exports—
bushe s— lmparted strength about the middle of
the session, but closing weak is at Liverpool de
stroyed the growing confidence and resulted in a
setback to prices- Closing Paris cables were lower
and Berlin higher. Antweru was unchanged.
May wheat opened lrom 75l /8 to 75y 3 c advanced
to 76Vic, closing at 75%5&75%c— shade under
yesteruay. KsLimated receipts lor to-morrow. 25
cars. No. 2 red. spot, ranged from 84 to b6s.ac,
closing at Mr. .T.X.V. S ".
j CORN— A prominent commission-house was the
leading buyer of corn, taking all that was cfl-reil
I and virtua iv supporting the market. The»ellint:
i was scattered and fur scalping account. The early
I drclln» In whe.it had a tendency to produce soft
-1 ness in Ihe tone, but a subsequent rally in the
i lead i marKei was equally eft etive in strength.
Receipt* were qnl c large at 684 cars. There were
no withdrawals from store. Liverpool cables were
Vid lower. . Wet weather tended to produce firm
ness 111 corn. Export clearances were 737,
I bushels. May corn opened at 24y - 4V*c, sold
: between 24y 3 c and 24>4®243/8". closing at 24i/ 8
2414 c, a shade under y.sterday. Estimated re
ceipts for to-niorr 702 curs.
OATS— No very great activity was noted In
j oats, although the trade was not dull. London
I caMes quoted 3d advance per quarter on outs.
i Receipt 1 were fair a: 281 cars, and 6432 bushels
j were tuken from store. Kxpori c.earances were
27,214 bushels. May oats c os»d \ a -. lower. Esti-
I mated receipts for to-morrow :00 cars. .
I FLAX— Was steady. Cash No.  74y 2 c nomi-
I nal; Northwestern, 7- Vie: May, 77@77i.4c; July,
I 7ny a c; September, 79^c bid. Receipts were 20
cars. ■ •--;»■; • .L. ,<. . . .
PROVISIONS— The ho? market was disap
pointingly lower this morning. The run of hogs
was several thousand in excess of anticipations,
and this hut a discouraging effect on pioiinct.
May pork closed 5@7%c lower: May lard 2V*j@sc
lower, and Mar ribs 2V 2 c lower.
BUTTiiR— Was firm to-day. Receipts were
heavy, hut the demand was good. Prices were
unchanged. ' " . :v '
L ream en — Extras. 20c; flrstn. 18© 19c:
secouds,l4(<tl6c: Imitations, fancy. 1.-(£l4c. Dairies
— Extras. 17c: firsts. liOtlbc: seconds. 9010 c.
Lacles— Extras, 10®12c: Hints. BVi'asyVic; p»i.*iug
nock. be; grtase. 2 1 ,^@Mc; ion butter, luc.
KOGS-v\ere firm. There was a brisk demand:
offerings were iberal. Fresh g.ock 13y 3 c V
dozen.
.MONK V— Was 4y 2 @s^ on call and 6% on time
1 loans.- New York exchange sold at 40c discount.
Cloning Prices.
WHEAT— February, 74c; Way. 765/ 8 ic- / (a758
i July. 71'/ic.
t CORN —February, 2V@?2y.c; May, 24 i *
; 24i^c: July. VJ.iS/,c. /8
OATb— February. 15y a c: May, 17% c; July,
18i,4c.
I'oßK— May, $7 52%: July, *7 65.
LAKD-May. *3 77%: July. $.1 b5.
KlJbb-ilay, *3 76; July, 53 U5.
! livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS. 1i.,.. Feb. 5.-The re
: ceipts of cattle this week have been so light that
j there was a better market, to-day Is usually
, seen on Friday. Th« week's receipts will be about
1 the same in number as last week, during which
• period 42,300 head were received. The consump
tion of be<-f is not porc-pubiy larger than It has
been for some time past, and the Improvement
j thai has taken place has been attributable en
tirely 10 light supplies. About 3000 arrived to
day, and the/ gold at from strong to 10c higher
j prices. With an estimated run of 23.000 bead
and a moderately ac ive demand from Chicago
packers and shipper*, prices or hogs were steady
early, breaking 2y 2 @sc later. If to-morrow's re
ceipts are as lar « us last at in day's, the wee-c's
arrivals will be 17 1.000 head .gainst 157.175 last
week and 10.917 a year ago. Packers have taken
the hoes as fa-t as ."hey arrived, but they bought
them at low price*. The week's receipts of sheep
have fallen greatly below last week's and the de
cline which occurred early in the wesk has been
fully recovered. Ihe market to-day was firm to
slightly higher.
CAT! LK-Receir Is. 3000. * ancy beeves. 85 40
©6 Ml: choice 10 prime tft ®* 6 :io'good to choice
*4 »o@4 96: medium steers, 12U0@l».i0 1b5. 74 2564
4 55: lair beef steers. 900© 1 160 lbs, 54 fi£4 •>«• com
mon beef steers. 980@1i50 lbs, $H 70ft6i 96: good
to prime stockers ana feeders. »3 85@« 26: fair to
good stockers and feeders. $3 #3 80: bulls, cnoice
to extra. $3 30(di.S 75: bulls, poor to choi c. $2 25®
3 26 ; cows and hellers, cuolce to prime, £3 60@4 ib;
THE SAN' FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1897.
bulls, poor to choice, $3 10@3 75: Texas fed steers,
$3 6C@4 35. Other prices unchanged.
HuCio — Receipts, "3,1)0''. Heavy packing and
shipping lots, S3 •JOa.-f 47%: common to choice
mixed. S3 -5 Si 3 47%; cnoice assorted, $3 46<8
3 50: light, 93 35@3 50: pigs. $3 20@3 to.
SHKKP — Receipts. 6000. Inferior to choice,
$2 £U(a.4; lambs, $3 fiO®b.
Receipts at Omaha.
FOUT" OMAHA. Nkbb.. Feb. 5 — HOOB- Re
ceipts, 3400: market weak to 6c lower. Light
and mixed, $3 20(a)!> 35: heavy, «3 10«S3 25.
CATTLfc.— Keceipts. 2000. .M arlcot luc higher
for beef; feeders weak, steers $3 60®4 45: cows,
SI Mia:-! 65; feeders, «:'(c».
sllh.KP— Receipts. 1100; market strong. Mut
tons, $3 80; loinbs, f4 25.
lCec:ei]>ts lit Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. Feb. 6 — HOOR — Re
ceipt*. 10.000: market eau-. Light ant medium,
S3 25@3 35; heavy, $3 ■-•lin,.-! 30: pigs $:!«:< 10.
CATTLE— Receipts. 5500. Market string. Native
steers best. 81 25@5 00: fair to good, $3 25
($4 28; cows and heifers, best. $3@-< 50: fair
to good. *2 80® 00: bulls $220:*315: stock
er« and feeders. *3 25f<£4 25; lexai ana Western.
*3@4 JO: calves. $5@13.
bilJCKP— Rtcelpu, 2500: market steady. •
DUN'S KJEVIKW OF TRADE.
NEW YORK. N. V.. Feb. 5.— R. O. Dun A Co.
will say to-morrow in th»lr weekly review of
trade: No Important change in business appears,
but the number of manufacturing establishments
starting up much exceeds those shutting down
during the week, and so much that the curtail
ment of working time in many cotton-mills prob
ably does not lessen the aggregate productive
force or amount of wages paid. There is distinct
increase in orders for wonlen goods, some Improve
ment In silk manufacture, a wal Ing condition
with gain In one branch of boots and shoes and in
dications of better things coming in the Iron and
steel manufacture.
To many it is the most discouraging feature of
current events that wheat does not rise much,
thoi eh it has advanced l%c for the week. Atlan
tic exports have been only 1.696,460 bushels,
flour included; against 1,965,456 for the same
week last year, while Western receipts have been
only 1,406,170 bushels, against 2.800.407 last
week. The course of the market is not explained
by any special information, but current prices
•how that no especial confidence is felt in the esti
mates of supplies available fur the rest of the
year.
Cotton fell to 71 aft»r the agreement to close
the Fall River and other print cloth works be
came known, but recovered the quo atioa o.' a
week 7.Hlc— without further news. Spin
ners' takings have bern no small bis year, that of
the Northern mills being 000 bales than in
1894-95, that the admitted narrow S3 of the de
mand for goods has at present considerable weight.
It appears that foreign trade Is also somewhat re
st-tcted by the nairownt'SH of demand. The sales
of wool have been smaller than in other recent
weeks and yet are far in excess of the consump
tion of all weeks if all were constantly employed.
At three chief markets trie aggregate lor the
week has been 13,544.700 pounds. There has
! been only a slight oliffeniug in prices, but more
foreign wool will be taken kihl stored, it is be
-1 lieved, if Western holders continue to demand
higher price*.
Prices of R'ssemer pig and Grey forge at Pitts
-1 bun; have slightly advanced with a much more
] hopctul flint;, notwithstanding the co i.p .rati ye
narrowness of the demand for finlshe.l products,
end in plaies and wire nails there is much more
business, with good prospects.
R lifts are quoted at $15 25, with scarcely any
deman 1 at present, and rods at {.'l, while No. -'7
black sheets were quote! at only 2 cents. Re
ports ' ha: only 25.000 tons of .steel and sheet bars
have been exported to England ar« only Indica
tion* of the temporar ' excess of supply over de
ijianlin ibis count and »re not supposed to
have realized «ny profit. Yet it Is mated th*t
prices i.f cast pipe are trom S2 to S3 per tan lower
I nt New York than at Scotch works.
I Kara are quoted at the lowest price ever known
at Pbiladephia, without much Improvement in
the demand, and fleet rails are still Inactive an 1
unchanged la price, the railroads waiting for a de
ciiu* corresponding to the tali in billets. But on
1 the wholeihe demand for Iron and steel products
Is slowly gaining, and a considerable portion of
the woric is lul'.y employed, though the gam is not
I yet enough lor tho->e who have taken large stocks
of material or pioducts on speculation.
In the money market there appears no em
barrassment, . ill the argesale of .Nor;hem Pa
cific and Oregon Navigation securities to Kuro
pean capitalists has given additional assurance
that balanif-t due this country will not b' can-
I colleJ tor some months to come, so that the pntut
1 of possible gold export* is removed still turth* r.
Trie course of th* stocK market has been uuln
strucllveand dealings have not been large. Hut
the ay rase cf railroad stocks has advanced a
Email fraction ana the average of trust stock has
Bilgbtiy de. lined.
Failures for the week have b«en 311 In the
United S.ate-i, acalnst 323 last year, and 63 in
Canada, against 67 last year.
BANK CLKAKINGS.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 5.-Bank clearing
totals at the principal clue* for the week ended
February 4. with comparison* iv telegrapnea to
liradsireel'a:
rercentaß*
Citif.t. Amount. inc. Dec
New York $001,944,235 7.3 ...
Boston 89.4b0,ti26 21.3
Chicago 7rS, 695.901 9.6
Philadelphia 67,5tH),9i'4 .;.
St. Louis 26,167.065 6.* ......
Plttsburz. 14.15>-.949 4.3 ......
Baltimore 17.576.578 22.8
San Francisco 13,4 8,045 15.1
Cincinnati 11,850,300 4.tf
KansasClty 10.0^H.0J9 4.1
Omaha „ 4.082.810 7.4 ...
Denver - 2.895.313 2.4
Ball Lake K8,a96 20.0
s; Paul 2,869.t'i8 4.'.3
Minneapolis 6,579.343 33.9
Portland, or 1,14 .'.t>sl 6«.8
Los Aneeles P93.24if 13.8
*ealtle 369.074 18.9
Helena 451. 3i3 13.4
Tacoma 3b?,fla:.' C 122.1
bpoKane... f<99.44tt 31.9
Totals U. 8 $1,407,109,766 4.0 I
Outside of New York
City „ 445,165.527
DOMINION OP CANAD*.
Total $19,147,234 13.1
NEW YOltK. STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money aud Railroad
Shares.
Money on call has been easy at 1 Va@23f: last loan i
1 1/ 2 and closed at iy»%. Prime mercantile pa- j
per, 3\. ' Sterling exchange steady, with actual j
business In Dauxers' hill* r: (4 84V^@4 84%
for sixty days mid $4 hGVi'<y4 HO'/? for demand.
Posted rates. Jf 4 B&^Q4 bVio. Bar sliver, 64»ic
Mexican dollars. 00>U«515/gc. Commercial bills,
$4 8314@4 841/4. Government oonds steady; Stalu
bonds quiet: lMllroaU uonds liriu. Sliver at the
board iH'tlec.ed.
CXOBINO STOCKS.
Am Tel * Cable... 85 North American... 4"»
Atchtson 14% Northern Pacific 15Vt
Preferred 24H /4 Preferred 3 "* I ,8
Adams Express. ..l 49 Northwestern 104'
Alton, Terre Haute 56 Preferred 153
American ExpressllO Ix V Central 93
American Tobacco 72V4'N V, ChlCH(to.t->t L lli/i
• Preferred iO2 j Ist preferred 65
Bay titate Gas 11 ■ 2d preferred. M
Baltimore <t Ohio., 16 N VAN H 168
Bruntwlc* Lands. ! »N V & New Eng... 37%
Bufialo, Roch &V. 16»i NY. Husq & W... M/ 4
Canada Pacific 66»t Preferred .... 14Vfc
Canada Southern.. 45 Ontario 101./4
Canton Land 6(1% Ontario <t Western 14y 8
Central Pacific 11 V 2 Oreconlniprovmnt—
1 hes & Ohio 171/s Prele-red
Chicago Alton 164 Oregon Navigation 14
Preferred 174 Oregon Short Line. 14
Chicago, B &Q.... 7<s/» Pacific Mall 26c
Chicago <& Kill 4-' I Peona. D & Evans -
Preferred 95 iPlttsburic & W pfd. .15
Chicago Gas 77Vi Puilman Palace.... 165
Clev«-,t PittsDun. I6OV* Quicksilver ........ 1
Consolidation Coal. 33 I Preferred 11
Consolidated Gas. . 1471/2 Heading .. 5*81.4
CCCtstLoun... ii RloGrande&Westn 12
Preferred 76 1 referred 3HU,
Colo Fuel & Irca.. 2«% Rock Island 6"3/ 8
Preferred 90 .RomeWat<fcO|tdan.ll7
Cotton Oil cert, Hy ßt L<!t W. 4
Commercial Cable. 15« | Preferred 10».i
Del Hudson 108 »t Paul 78
Del Lack<bWestrn. 152 I Preferred iS'.S/i
Denver* KG 11 Pt Paul & Dulutb.. 20
Preferred 42 j Preferred 85
Distiller* 61 l'anl 4 Omaha.. 4ki,j,
General Electric... 35»/ a Preferred 129
trie 144% St t' Ji t t M 114
Preferred ... 36 [Silver Certificates. 64 7/
Fort Wayne 163 Southern Paclflc. 16
Great Northern 122 Southern Rlt 93/,
Given Bay. ■ | Preferred 29V4
Harlem 292 Sugar Refinery 113^
Hocking coal- 4 [ Preferred lUl>4
Hocking Valley... »■'■* Term Coal * Iron.. 2Ui/a
llomestake 86 ' Preferred 60
11 & Texas Central Texas Pacific 9y 8
. Illinois Central.... 84V 3 Tol A A & N Mich.
lowaOntraL 7 Tol Ohio & Central 20
Preferred 2jVa Preferred 60
Kansas Texas... 13i^jTol tst Lonls X C B^i
Preferred SOW, Preferred 18V»
Kingston A Perm.. 3 C Dion Pacific 7V4
Lake Erie & Westn 16 iU P Den AUulf.... 2
Preferred 65 U Cordage. — .
Lake Snore I&214 1 Preferred
National Lead 2- : t.i Guaranteed
Preferred 89 I? 8 Express 35
Lonelslanl «H U S Leather. BY's
Louisville & Nash. 60*g. Preferred 69' n
Loulsville.M Atony V* U s Rubber 22
Preferred H4I Preferred 74%
Manhattan C0d.... ►"•Vi UtlcaA B River.. .l6o
Memphis .V Chp.rls 16 |W»b SL A Pacific. 6 I A
Mexican Centra... 8 3 /* ' Preferred......... IS^
Michigan Central.. »v |\Vells-Faxga tS
Minn <£ L — Western Union b2%
Preferred — !\Vls< onsln Central. 2
3d Inn & L com.. 19 Wheeling A L E... 2*<s
Ist preferred. 78Va Preferred 96/«
'M preferred ,47 Am Cotton Oil pfd.. 63
I Missouri Pacific... 22 WU Beef . 6"^
Mobile A Ohio 21 Ann Arb0r......... 9
Nashville A (.'halt. 67^i Preferred........ 25Vi
National Linseed., lti Rrooklyn Traction. 18>4
N J Centra 1........ 99 i Erie 2d pfd. 22
Norfolk A Westra. 1 1 1/3 American Spirit*.. lvT'a
iTeitrred %I\Q Preferred SIVa
»JO-INO IONDB.
Ala Cl«m A 4*..... 108 V. Northern l'«c l«tj.l 14-i.
Do Class B 4. 55. 104 Do2d«.
Alabama, class C. 88 Do 3d*, *'2i-~
Atrlnsou 4s H'/iij Doconsolßa Hi
DoMjA 48V»iOr lmprovmui Ist. »6
Canada Bouth 21s. 107 Do 65.............. 17
Cen I'a*: istsof'9B. O K& N liU. 112
Cberolcee 4a. 1896.104 Doconsol Bs. .
D 01897 104 Or Short, Line 68... 11X7/g
Ijo 1898 104 Doconaol M 75
Do 1899 104 Pacific 6so( '97...
Cbes&Ohto 6s . . . lU'.'V* il'hlia <t HKidlng 4s 8195
Cb&N Tr Rctsßi lii -Do Ist pfd Incom. 46V«
DC 3-668. ....... 10J»V*R Gr»ndeWwilsw 73
Den A R G Ist IIIV4 »t LAlronMtUenss 77, .
D 0*3..... 8034 St L A 3 FGen
fri"2d* 86 ■!*■ Paul Consols.... 13H*
FtWADenClty lsts 67 -t PC& Pa lsts ..117
°, H &X - os lOiiA So Carolina 4iA5...:06
Do2d7s. 5-b 'southern X X 05... 90
Gen Elec Deb 55... 95% Do Pac Cal lsts.. 107
H A Tex Cent 65... lOH Ten 11 new 3s 97
Docou6s. 100 Texas Pac Ist* C9Vi
Jowa Central lsts.. »6Vi Texas Pac 2ds 21Mj
Kansas Pa Consols 76 Union Pac lsts 96. 104 y 2
Kb Pa lsts Den DtvlieyJu S4s reg of 1925. 122 Vi
La Consol 95i^ Do 48, coupon.... 122V4
Missouri funding... ' p H 4s reg of 1907. Ill*-*
MX T ids. 686/ , Do4s. c0up0n.. ..112i/i
M I) «4s 83% Do 2s 95Vs
Mobile Ohio 45.. 674 I?o ts. Reg 113V4
Mutual Union 65..111iJ Do ba. c0up0n. ...1 131/4
k- i- ,2 C <icn 6 ..1 17i /4 Va funding «J2Vi
v1 C ASt Louis 4s 105 i Do registered — -
£or<UWestOen 6allß I Do deterred 85... 5
r> Carolina con 4s. 103 ! Do trust rcptstpd 6yi
v *'° > tts 122 Wnbashlst6» 107 -
NunuwestConsols. 140-/s' Wtsl isiiore *» ±«7V4
A*uuet. 6a UU^r
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHEAT IX LIVERPOOL.
LIVERPOOL, Kara., Feb. 6.— The spot market
Is quiet at Us Bd@6s 9d. Cargoes are firmer at 345,
sellers, prompt shipment.
FUTURES.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
IJ veri 00l quotations lor No. 2 Red Winter: Feb
ruary. 6.1 3i/<,d; Maich. 6s 4%d: May, os 6d;
July, 6s 4d.
BKCURITIRS.
LONDON, Kno.. Feb. 6 -Consols. 113 3-16; sil
ver, 28% d; French Rentes, 103f 10c.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Pterllnic Exchange. 60 days. — ' $4 86y 4
tterllng Exchange, sight — 4 88Vij
Sterling Cables .... — 489
New York I-.xchange.'sYfhi."" .. — 20
New York Exchange, telegraphic. - 2-J%
Fine silver, per ounce ... — 64%
Mexican Dollars.. "" .. 52 fc2vs
PEODUCE MAfiKET.
WHEAT AND OTUEK GRAINS.
WHEAT- The Chrysomene takes for Cork 59.
--674 c Us, valued at *d6,t>oo.
Futures were lower, but spot prices were un
changed. The shipping demand was poor. Quo ed
at $1 32i^@l 37V» for common grades, $1 38^4®
1 40 for uverage No. 1, $1 41 i/if<tl 4 - jy 3 for choice
aud $1 47i/a@l 621/2 1* ctl for extra cnoice milling.
(Art, joarj) balks.'
JNFOHMAt, bK»HioN-9:15 o'clock— May— «000
ctls, $1 41V 4 :40u0, $140%.
►MXHTti -JCbSioN— ay— l2.ooo ctls, $1 40%; >
4000, *1 40. bOOO. $1 4OVs euiber-4000, !
91 -33 /d ; '.OJO. $1 23V.. !
Rkoulaii Jloiixj.Ne mission— M»y— 2oUo ctls. i
«1 »9: lv, ooo, $1 .ipi/s; 12.000. *1 3f"/ 8 : 4000,
•1 3bS^: 60 10, $1 38IV8- Utcemoer— 4ooo, fl rj;
8000. $1 2)3 /i: 10.000, *1 21V--
Aktkrnoon- Skssihn — .\.ay — 16.000 ctls, I
SI So : -000, $1 3 S, a : 14.000. «1 301/2 14,000, !
?1 .-83 8 : 44.0J0, $1 »hl,i: 34.000 $. :^oi/ De- j
cember— 4Uoo, $1211^; 4000, $1 21%: 2^,000,
$1 2H,2.
BARLEY— Feed is oft again and slow of move
ment, toed, 76@78*ic * ctl; Brewing, H7V a @
92Vfrc ctl.
CAM, BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
bnumi Skssion— No sales.
I'BHM.ar Jlokkisb bxsstoN— May— 2ooo ctis.
7bV4c: 4000. 7«^c.
AtiitESoox MCSBION —No sues.
OATb— Neglected ana noiuinal. Fancy Feed are
quoiajle at *1 i7i/i@i 45 Vul: Common White,
*I®l 10: choice, $1 15@1 36. according to
quality. Black lor teed, 95c<g>$l 05: for seed, $1 10
@1 25; Gray. $1 15@l 30; Red. *1 10« l 20; Hur-»
trite. $1 46@1 65 V ctl.
CORN— No change to report. Large Yellow
75<g,;7V4c: Small Round Co, 90c; White, 75@
77V2C%*ctl.
RYE-87Via92Vic^ctL
BUCkWiijiAl-Quoted at $1 15@1 25 "$ cU.
FLOUR ANI> MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras,
$4 83(44 95; Bakers' extras. $4 75@4 80; Super,
hue 9404 35 V ob:.
IOKSJIKAL, KTC.— Feed Corn, «17@17 60;
Cracked Corn. «17 60®18 "? ton.
MII.LSTUFFS- Prices In sacks are as follows,
usunl discount to the trade: Graham Flour, $2 85
* 100 its; Rye Flour, 32 73 f.IW n><: Rice Flour,
to 75: Cornmeal.' $2 3D: extra cream do. $3:
Oatmeal. $3 »0; Oat Croats. *4: liominy, $3 10
©3 30: Buckwhea; Hour. $3 20@3J.0: Cracked
Wheat, $ 3 60: Farina, $4: Whole Wheat Flour.
$3: RoiUd Oats (bbU), $5 iO(<jS 90; Pearl Barley,
*3 Ts@4; bptit leas, ii 50; often do, 44 26 $
IVO llja.
HAT ANj FEEDSTUFFS.
Quotations show no further change. AH descrip
tions under this head are quiet.
BHA-N — Sl2 50(j«liJ for the best and $12 ton
lor outside brands.
MlJ>l)M>us>— for lower grades and
20(»2U 50 «* ton for the best.
FKEDSTUFFS — Boiled Barley, $17 50@18;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, {26 50 V* ton; jobbing,
$27 60; clipped ( at». $1 3U(o>l 50 V- a!.
HA — Wheat, $(-(S,li; Wheat and Oat, $7<a
10; Oat. $t>@9: Baney. $7@B 60; River Barley.
$C@6 60: Alfalfa, . *6@7 6u; compressed, ktiia
9 50; stock, *5@6: cl. ver. iftiiab *4 too
blKAW- ti bale.
BEANS AM) SEEDS.
. Business continues very slack.
BRANS — Bayos, $1 60®l 60 t» ctl: Small
Whites. $1 15«S1 251p\ ctl: Large Whites. $I@l 15 *
ctl: Pinks, $1 10(31 25: Reds, II 10@l 20: Black
eye, $1 10@l 15; Red Kidney. $2 50: Llmas, $1 70
(31 90. Butters. 81 25@1 50; Pen, Cl 18@1 30.
btKDh-Brown Mustard. $2 60^2 75: Yellow
Mustard, $1 76«2 Ml; Flax, .«1 3 s©l 40- Canary
Seed, l»/ir<j-2V4C r ft: Alfalia. 6V*c; Rape. 2Va®
'-'".ic; Hemp, ac; Timothy. 4i 3 c
jukikii P»CAS-.Nll^ $1(*1 20* ctl; Green,
$1 40@l 50 f eU
POTATOES, USIONs, VEGETABLES.
Potatoes and O.i s are in light receipt, owing
to the storm, a <U prices rule fl m.
POTATOES— New Potatoes, 2@3c %> ft: Sweet
Potatoes, $1 2J^#l 75: F.arly Rose. 75ftiSRr: River
Reds.7s@Bsc; llurbank feeedllnes. 60@70c ,-J ctl for
Rivers and 90c@Sl 10 for baiinas and 7Uia'Bsc for
Petaluma.i; Oregon Bnrbanks, 85c@4>l 10.
ONIO>'S-$1 J.o@l 8& «> ctl: Oreßons, $2@2 25.
VEUKTABLES— Hothouse Cucumbers, 60c@$l
9 d 07.: Hothouse AMiara -us. t?@2sc » Ib: Rhu
barb, $2 «^ box; Los Angeles summer Squash,
75c((45l «t box; Los Angeles Green Peppers. 40(d>
60c: Mushrooms. 10 ©2 5 c«4 &>; Marrowfat >«iuhsli.
$5@R ?. ton; Los Angeles Tomatoes. «@7sc %i
box; Dried peppers, 7@Bc ?l tb: Green Peas, 3@6c
V Ib: Los AngeUs String Beans. H((t.lOc: Dried
Ukra, b(d,:>c > II,; Cahbxfre, 40@5Uc Vctl; Carrots,
2utg)Boc ft suck; Garlic, 1 Vi^i'ic V tb.
BCTTEII, CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— HeId goods .show some change. Fresh
Bntter continues unsettle!.
« rkamkmy — Fancy Creameries, 21@22c; sec
onds. lS(sj,lf»c V It..
Dairy— Fancy rotli, 15@16c: squares, 17c * Tt>;
good to choice. 13@14c; lower grades, 10(<jl2VsC
Pick i.kd— l«c > Ib.
Firkin — 14c %i ib.
Crkamkry T<tb— l6@l7c H Tb.
CHKfc>K— Is weak. Choice mild new, lOcfi'lb;
common to Rood old, B&£9c: Cream Cheddar, 11®
12c tt>; Youne America, lie; Western, ll@lL'c:
Kanteru. 14fal4i 2 cV !ti.
Ki;»;>>— M.orf Eggs are weaker and the whole
market is more or le-s soft. Ranch Eggs, 16@18c:
store Eggs, 14@16c; Eastern. 14c ? uoz.
POIILTKY AM) GAME.
POULTRY-Turkeys are lower again. Young
Boosters are firm. Other descriptions are un
changed.
Live Turkeys, 16(ai6c f( B) for Gobblers. 15©
16c V Ib for Hens; Dressed Turkern. 184*20e ft &>;
Geese. «< pair, $1 suw2; Gosllnxs, $2 60@3; Ducks,
«4 6056 for old anil $6 b\)(ck~ 50 t> doz for young;
Hens, $4<g>s: Roosters, younic. *Vs6 »* dozen;
do, old, $4; Fryer*. $5©5 50: Broilers. $4 60@5 for
large and $3 50&4 for small: Pigeon*, $2@2 25
%t doz for young and $1 25 tor old.
GAME— English -nlpe quotable at $3 ■$ dozen:
! Jack Milne, $1 ■& doz; Hare, 75c@$l; Rabbits,
$1 60 for Cottontails and $I@l 25 for small; Gray
Geese. $i'(<s2 CO; White Geese, $1; Brant, $125
(g.l 60; Honkers, $4
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FKUITS.
Apple* are quiet, with decreasing stocks. .- .
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 90r@tl "£ box for choice, $1 25@1 60 for
fancy Red, (>o(37&c for common; Eastern, $1 50
(0,3 %>- bbl.
I'ersln.mo.Ti are nominal.
BERRIES-
Eastern Cranberries nominal at «6®7 60 V bbl.
CITRUS FRUITa— Oranges anil demons nile
dull, as usna: Mandarin Oranges. $191 15 9 box:
•Navel oranges. »2@2 60; seedlings. ftl@l 26:
demons. 76c@$l 2.% lor common and $1 &U(o>2 lor
good to choice; Mexican Limes, *r>®s 60: Califor
nia Limes, $1 50O>l 76; Bananas, *1«S-' «l bunch;
Pineapples. *2@l dot
DRIED FKUITS, liAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
No improvement in the demand yet.
DRIED FRUITS— Quotations ou the Fruit Ex
change are nominally as follow.-*:
< aiiloai) Lots— Apricots are quotable at 6®9c
for Royals and 11%@12c for choice to fancy
Moorparks: Prunes, 3V c for the 4 sizes. Peaches,
4<aisy,e for prime to choice, 6V4£7c lor fancy and
9@lOo for peeled In boxes; Apples. 6@5V»3 It
evaporated and •J©2i/ ! {C lor «uu-dned: iv.ars, 2Vi
(3,5 c lor prime to choice, 4@)5VyC for quarters ana
t@6V' 2 c for halves: Plums, 4o for pitied una ly 3 c
to.- unpltted: Nectarines. 3Va94i/%c for choice ana
6%c lor fancy: Wuito Fig*, 3c; Black . Figs, 2 V*
fa'J l >c.
J..H81N.1 Pr icwi- Peaches, 4 1 /i@6Jr%c V tb:
fancy, 6%®7i-iBC 9 n,; peeled. l^Vji; '* »• Apri
cots, 6Vii*dc«4 ib; lancy. 10c: .Moorparts.. iv!©
13c; evaiwrateU Apples. s»ic: sun-dried, 2%@3c;
Prunes. 3%@4c for the 4 hires: Figs, black, 3c for
nnpressed an 1 3@3y,c for pressed: white FUs. 4c:
Plums, 4Vi(S5c lor pitted and I J /g0 for unpittcd;
Nectarines, 4(ft6c '*» Ib tor prime to fancy; Pears,
•.'I •jiafi'- for. nole. 4v a @sV 2 c lor quartern and
4^<*oy»c tor halves. ' ;
RAISINB—
Cabixiad Pbicbi — Fonr- crown. Hone. . B%C;
three-crown, 4S/ gC ft lb; two-crown. 3%0 V b>:
seedless sultanas, 6*Ac: seedless Muscatels. *%<::
three-crown London layers, $1 16: clusters, SI 60;
Dehesa clusters, $2 60; imperial ■• dusters. »3;
dried rapes. 3c «< a. -.
Jobblks J'bices— Han Francisco— Four-crown,
loose. 5*4 C! 3-crown, 4^ic: 2-crown, 3%c: seed
less Sultanas, 5-'< +c. s«-ertless Muscatels, 4 1 : >e:
3-crown London iaver*. $1 25: clusters, $1 60:
ix-li.-aai clusters, $•-' 76: imperial clusters, $3 -5.
NUTS— Chestnuts quotable ac b«*10c: Walnut*
6%<57c Vtb be btaudard and 9(a.9y a c fl Ib for
•oitsheli; Almonds, t>cat>Vac for LauKUtdoc, 3@
i SVfC for hardshell and bjt'jc » tb for paper shell ;
Ptanuts. 4 fop 6c ft Si for astern ana 4c for Cali
fornia: Hickory Nuts, s@sc %« Ib; Pecans. 7V»@
fee %» &>; Filberts. 7W*»c; BrazU Nuts. ,7J^@Bc:
Cocoanuts, $4©5 1* 100. '
HONEY— Comb. 10@12iAc for bright and s@9c
for lower gruuf s: water-white extracted, G<a)si c;
Ilcht amber extracted 4Vi@* ! Vic; dark aJUDer.
4fe4Vic: durK, 2(U3t; i* lb. ■
B^ii.3WAX--j2(g. IJ5c1 Jsc i* lb. .
PROVISIONS.
Dullness still prevails.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 6c H Ib or heavy, 7c
V lb (or light medium, SV-jC for light. 10c ~j, Ib for
extra light and liy a c it* ** for aiigar-ciueJ. East
er)! sugar-cured Hams. 1 '-'(a. 1 2 '- -.c : California
Hams, 10(alOVic: Mess Beet, $7@7* SO: extra
mess do, $>sa.H M. family do. «9 .iU@lO; extra
pilmo l'orlc, $7 60 © 8; extra clear, ijla t* bbl;
il, ess. $14 9) bbl: bmoked Beef. luc %>. Ib.
LARD— Eastern. tlerc<M. is quoted at oy a c for
compound and 6@6Vbc for puie: palls, 7c: Calll
torni.i. tierces, 6@s^jc «4 ID for compound and 6V4C
tor pure: half-bhls, d : ; A L-. 10- lias, 7J/ic; do, 5-2),
7V 2 c -# tb.
CoT-roL.ENE-6®6V4c In tierces und 7%©8%s
in 10- tb tins.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AJSJ> HOPS.
HIDES AND BKINB-Cnlls and brand sell lc
Vtb under sound stock. Heavy salted steers, 8c;
medium. 7c ■£ lb: !l~ut, ttc ft lb: Cowhides. 6c:
sailed Kip. 6c %i Ib: salted Calf. 7®Hc: salted
Veal, 6©7 c: dry Hides. 12i913c •pit.: culls and
brands. 9@loc: dr>- Kip and Veal, 9oiOc; dry Calf.
16c: culls. lUc; Goatskins, 2U©3sc each: Kids,
6c: Deerskins, good summer, Me i lb: medium,
•20c; winter, 10c; Kheensklns, snearliiiKs, 10@20c
each; short wool, 26@35c each; meUlom, 30®45c
each; lone wools, 40@60c each.
IaLIOW-Kol 1, rendered, 3®3Vic: Ka 2, 2Vfcc;
reliwed. sc; Grease, 2c ft tb.
WOOL— We quote Fall Wool as follows: Free
northern, TgHVac Ib: middle counties, free, sVa@
7c: do. defective, 4Vb^tic: San Joaqiain, 3@6c: ao,
foothill, 6(s7c: Eastern Oregon. V^lOc; Valley
Oregon, fall and lambs', 10®llc $ L,
HOPS— 6aßc for lair to choice und 9@loc V- d
for lancy.
til-NKi: Al. MKKCUAMDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Ban, spot, 4 s /ic; Jnae-
July delivery, 4"/ 8 c; Sau Queniln, $4 65; Wool
Ba*s. 24Vi@'- > a%c-
COAi.— Wellington. 9H 9 ton; N<"w Wellington,
SS"^ton: irouibtieid Wellington. $7 SO ¥ ton;
Seattle, $5 50: Bryant, *5 60: Com Jay, $4 75;
Wall-end, $6 60: Scotch. : Bryoitxi, ; Cum
berland. »13 bO in bulk and $15 hi sacks; Penn
sylvania, Anthracite Ecu, a liter.' ; (i ton: Welsh
Anthracite. $b®10; caiinel. «8 V ton; Hock
Spring*, l aslle »iu:o and PtMMaal Valley, 97 60;
Coke. .-$ 1 1 1 ■-■ in bulk and SIS V i«r> in »Us
RICK-Chinese mixed, $H 4S(£BB .'.ft No. 1, $3 76
(ii i? 0 "r> tali extra .No. 1, $4 luia.l ; V: Hawaiian.
*-; :>t>(4H 37V ; Japan. $3 HOW » 5 11.
SUOaR — rn<s Western Sucar X Tlniiii: Company
quot«-<, terms net cash: Cube ami Crushed, U\:,c:
Powdere'l, 6c: Fine Crushed, 6^c; Dry Granu
lated, 43/ c: Confectioners' A, 4S|.c: Magnolia A,
4c; Extra C, aygc: Golden C, a c: half barrels
Vie more than barrels, and boxe* Va c more.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Beef Is weaker again. I'orlc Is firm and slowly
advancing. Very little Spring Lamb here. Whole
sale rates for dremed siock irom slaughterers are
as follows:
BKKF-Flrst quality, 6c « Ib: second, 6@siAc;
third do, 4f(j4i /a c %• to.
VEAL— U»rite, 6@7c; small. 7®Bo ft lb.
JJUT lON— Wethers, 6V4@7c; Ewes, 6®6^c
I.AMB— Spring 10@llc «4 Jb.
POKK— Live Hogs. ii/B@*Vie 1* Ib for lame and
S3/g^3J^;o tor small and medium; dressed do, 41,4
@£>y 4 c f» tv
KECKIPT» OF PRODUCE.
fOB 24 HOURS.
Flour, qr sks ... 1,177 luy, Mm'-'|.,. 233
Washington... 4.56« Gutter, cui...^. 101
>Vd^».ctls 2,600 Cheea*, cUs...,^ 16»
Washington... 1,100 Ker^- cor.. 4..UU0
f»riey. cii»...» . 1,555 Hldei.no — lUa
Evans, sic* 147: felt*, Ml* .... 120
Corn, ells li«r> Inn. pals. ..._ 29,300
Eastern 800 leather, r011*.... 38
Oftlf.Ctls. 300 Wool, bis 99
Kestern 346 j Washington... 8
Washington... 7,396: Lime, uois _ 162
Potatoes, :>»..».... 880 j I.nmber. M lay-. 10
Onions. ■«...._ 110 Chicory, bbls.... ' 35
Middlings, iv.. 100 Paper, reams. ... 6,740
Bran, gits 1,640
FAMILY KKI'AIL MARKET.
Butter Is cheaper. No change in Kegs.
Poultry is dearer all around. spring ■ Lamb is
cheaper, but other Meats are unchanged.
Fruits mm) Vegetables are about the same.
Fish Is scarcer, owine to the roach weather.
Following is This Calls regular weekly retail
price list: . _.'■;.
COAI/— PKR TOX.
Caonel . — @10 00 Castle Gate. P6o@lo 00
Wellington. — @10 00 PleatiantVal 8 60(310 00
New Wei- South field
lmetou.... — 010 00 Wellington — © 960
Seattle 7 60@ — Coos Bay... . <fl> d74
IAIBY rBOOirrF. RTf.
Butter, fancy. %*- Cheese, Eastern.. .ls(32o
square 4ftr<js:i Cheese, Swiss... .m<&3o
Co, f\ roll J»f>roi4o ; Common Kscsi 17r<v20
do, |>ood ....... -fa; 3o UatichKegt'odz...l.*Ofcii > 5
Pickled roll 3«)<g> - Honey, comb, fllb.l2<isls
>'irKln — (s,:«j do, extracted — CK*IJ
Cheese, cat 12@15 1
MEATS- PKR POUXP.
Bacon 12<al7IPorlc. fresh 13(Z&13
Beef, choice 1U(2i15 Pork. Rait 10(d)13
do, pood £@10 Pork Chops 12@15
Corned Beef S(a>— Round Steak KftflO
Ham, Cal 12M»@15 sirloin Steak. ..l2^<a —
do, Kasierti 15Ca>16 Porterhouse, d 0... lvto/20
Lard M I»all5 Smoked Beef — <ais i
Mutton Seal-' Pork sausages.... — <js'JO
lj«mD 10@l-JVi Veal 10yj)16
Spring Lrmb 151220
POULTRY AXO a A UK.
npns.each 604> 60 Ducks, each... GO'S 75
Young rtoost- Heese, each 1 Gofc&2 00
era, eacn 60® 65' Pigeons, %< pr.. 6O>g> tit)
Old Rooster^ j ßabbits, %* pr.. %{>(& «0
each 60,3 60 11 are, eacn 164$ "«-'O
Fryers, eacn... -@ ao.WlHOeesf.ea. ViO® »0
.Broilers, each.. — (^ 4U KnsSnipe.^dzS 00(g»8 60
Turkeys, t* St.. 200 25|JaK snipe, f4dz'2 00(9 —
AUDITS AVI> XITT*.
Almond*. t> Ib 12iai5 Limes, V doz lb& —
Apples. V Jb ■*<£ 6 Oranges, f» dos 15/330
r.anana.s, |t doz... 16@20 Pears, %< Ib ,B®lo
L'ocoanuts. each... 4(<n ti. Raisins, ft Itx. H(qIS
Leniona, V doz 25®30; Walnut* filti l.Vj,—
V KIKTARI.IW,
Asparamis, Ib ..20(ai36,Mr'fat Squash.^ &• 5010
Artichokes, •.■6l)ri».l Ukra. V lt> . . I .(a. I*> ]
Beets, 1? doz .I^ls Onions, "$ Ib Hat .*> I
Leans. white "f»!b... :-Kg) '■ Peppers, dried ...16@ — i
Colored. $4 1b...- : ids 5 do, ;re*n. % Ib . No: 1 C i
Limn. V Ib 4;c. v Parsnips, 9 aoz.._ls@'Ja
Cabbage, each 6(g,10 Potatoes, t* Ib 2$ 3
Cauliflowers, each, ."uilu Do sw«—., 9 1t... :-t(ii 4
Celery, V bunch... 6<a —I Radishes. Wdzbclis.lO(^la
Cress, iddzbunchs. barb, %* IK 12(e)l(»
Uarllc. *< Ib ....... fix? - Sage. V Ib 26®35
BMB Peas, t< n>.. h.'flj 11! String Beans, &•. -(oils
Lentils, t* Ib 6(ai s Thyme, V R. 20<530
Lettuce, ft doz 16(923 Turnips, ft «lo* ...1&(q)-J0
Mushrooms, ft It . !."> 1 1 oin»[Ort, f» ».... 10(a«15
MSH — PKR roi'NMk
Barracuda. ........ — — ;;shad 8(aiO
Carp s<& hjSeaßass <alsl
L'odHsh IB Smelts » l'.'@ir>
Flounders 10fa» — Soles 10013 ■
Halibut l«sl6Skate«. each 6@15 |
Herring b@ll)iSturgeon — fit 12
KlncSsh £«slO!Tomcod I'J^l'.
Mackerel 12(i«16Clums, "9> gal — <(J6O
do, Horse — ($ — Do. hardshell, V
Perch „ 10(ib-: 100 1...60 fa —
PomDano —& — Crabs, each 12(<i15
Korkfish 12fril6Do. softshell, * dz. 25^35
Salmon, smoked. ..2Ofc* —'Mussels, t'- qrt 10(^12
Salmon, iresh J2(a,lS Oysters, Cal,sloo.4o(g> —
fclinuipa. 8(fl,10 Do, Kastern, ■& Os.'^&diiiO
THE STOCK MARKET.
MimtiK stocks weakened off again yesterday, as
will be seen by the list of sales. '1 lie market was
featureless.
The Snn Francisco Stock and Bond Exchange
was not in spm-iio.i yesterday owing to the death of
a member, Charlos H. Kaufman.
The Pacific Lighting Company naid a dividend
of :<sc and the Pacific Hheet Metal Works one of
50c yesterday.
The Bullion- Beck Company will post a dividend
the p-es^nt month of not les» than $30,000, nncl
perhaps as much as $50,000. Should this report
be fu, tilled the total dividends paid by com
p»ny will have leached a sum of over $2,000,000.
The official letter from the e>tandani Consult
dated mine of Hcdiefor the week <*ndlng January
30Ha.vn: 245 I' vel— Bullion vein r«i»e No. 2 was
advjnced 10 feet, showing 15 Inches of good ore.
The raise lroiu the east crosscut , from raise No. 1
wa . ad van i I'd 8 feet on 14 inches o* good ore.
318 level— lncline vein winze was sunk ; 15 feet,
shoeing 36 Inches of low-grade ore In the bottom,
and dl'couiinued. Black -if due raise No. 1 was
ailv.nc-d 3feet and rul-e " o. '£ 9 feet, the latiir
showing starts oi Improvement. The north drift
was extended 6 feet, snowing 8v» feet of fair ore
in the breast. . I
338 level— Black ledge winze was extended H
feet on 18 inches of ore. The vein cut out in tlie
bottom. Th.» raise from the south Uuermediaie
drift from crosscut 3 was extended 3 feet. B' die
400 level— Fort ana. north drift was advanced 'A
fee: on 7 Inches of roo I ore. The ground is very
hard sloping. In Bullion vein on 245 incline on
XlB and intermedia. drift from crosscuts 2 anil 3,
hlifii-sjradi* fillings from Masrulre vein on 380, find
above tlie Bu.wer main south drift, also on small
seams of fair ore fiom Vulcan 380 level. Opera
tions were suspended tor two days . on account of
low water in Green (.'reek.
sandard mill statement— Ore crushed tor week, j
236 ions: rage assay . vanncr tailings. * i 10:
loos concentrates prodneed. 2: ussav value, $50 13: j
plnte amalgam produced, 758 tons.
The Mai darn Consolidated mine last month
cleared neb profits of $2300 above all expenses.
I.OAJiI. .-''•AiiU.'
Following were the tales In the Sao Kraaclaco
Stock Koard yesterday: , „»• . i
RI9BUR Jioßxixn bessiok, OIVIfftCCIKO ©:3a
400 Andes... 14|250 CC<JtV...2.SOISaO Ophlr 88
3JO Belcher ...28^00 .........2.26 50U Ovrmn.... la
100 15«fe8..^..6P'250 ...'J.35 100 Potov.. SO
401) 8u11i0n... .05 200 «* C..:..4t<20U s» Nev....4l
100 <. i,,,.t 04 soo Mxlc 4:>!-.>50 Union C... 40
430 C Point. ...3t £W Occdl 15 11W X iMi<«,, 3l
■ O.V' : « ' AFTERNOON SESSION— 2 ISO.
100 Andes. ...l 4 100 «&C 46100 Occidtl-.. 10
500 i". Jt fc 67 100 HAN... 1.10100 P0t051....40
150 Choir Sl'.'ill Mum 44 350 ... . 45
60 ....:. 88 100 N G&C. 40200 Savaee.'
600 CCA V... 2. 200 411400 45
100 G AC 47 Mi) Ophlr 93|
' Following were the sales ; in the Pad Stock
Board yesterday:
N .: ■ BEGTJLAR SESSION— IO:3O.
Son A10b*.....11;700CC*V2.27i,i,!800 Mcx ...... 43
450 Andes.. 14 1350 2.25 300 0ccd....«15
900 8«1ctJW....3(i 2.3' 16500phr...1.00
400 28200 2.32i£900 96
1600 8A8....67 400 2.36 500 ...........95
800 900 2.40 400 94
60J 69 4110 2."22%200 93
750 70 300 2.20 400 OvrniD.... 12
600 06 10 « onrt. . . 1.10 300 Polosl 48
300 66 600 ConN Y./.OIMOuO Savage. .4B
300 8n1110u...06 00 1 *<oinu..JtO 500 47
200 Caleda....ll 500 Exchqr...O4 500 46
200 121450 U AC .....4b 500 Scorplon..o2
»00ChllnKe...4l-dt>'J HAJN...1.1&300 S 8AM. ..08
200 Cb011ar...96 300 li.g 60(1 kN««v 42
600.... 94 200 L1i.500 S Hill 01
500 96 100 _1.07^ 100 Stnrd_.»l%
300 92 1200 Ju1ia. ...01 1200 Uni0n.. .40
300 .....90 300 Justice. ...os MO .....39
200 88 500 Kentuck..C2 40J U'-aa......03
SOJ C Imp 01 850 Mexican^44 300 x~ Jew ...31
300 id
v,; AFTERNOON SESSION— 2:3O.
2no Alpha )0;200CCV..2.2i;V3 > 600 0vrmn....13
400 Alta 07 300 2.27 V« SOJ Poto«l 47
100 Andes.. ..li 150 Conn... 1.05 40'J favaze....47
300 Beleber...2Pi3oo CrwnPt..3C|2oo 88AM....08
400 BAB 65200 GAO 46|300SNev 39
400 66250 HAN 400 40
200 67 400 Mexlcan..44 50 8tnrd...1.00
200 8ui110n....05 300 Occldtl.... 15 400 U1U00.....38
300 Cha11ge...47 25') Ophlr 98 500 Utah 03
90J Choir 90 dOO 94 20J X J«*1....31
CLOblNu QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY, Feb. ft_4 T. M.
A tkett. I Btii. Ait<t4.
imhaoon,.... 10 11 Julia ..,._ 03 06
Atta, „ 07 08; Justice.......^, 04 05
Andes. .- 13 16 Kentnct....... 02 03
Belcher 28 29 Lady Wasa.... 01 12
Best A Belohar 66 i6^ Mexican _ 43 ID 45
Benton C0a.... 17 — Nevada Queeo, — U4
Bullion _ 03 04 Occidental..... 15 18
Caledonia...... 10 li Ophlr_ 94 95
Chollar 89 90 Overman...... 11 13
C0n.Ca1AVa,..2.20 2.26 Potosl. — 46 47
Challenge Coo. 46 48 (ravage. ._ 46 47
Con. Imperial. 01 Scorpion....^. 02 03
Confidence.... 1.00 1.05 seg. Belchee... 07 09
LonNewYor* — 03 silver Hill 01 la
Crown Point... 29 31 Sierra Nevada, 41 42
Ka»tSierraN«r — 14 standard 1.80 1.65
.h nreka Con ... — no Syndicate. .... 02 <-*
Kxcheqaer .... 03 04 Unloul'ou..... 38 40
uouiu vi. curry. 45 47 L'tau OS 04
iifcleOi.iSurcrs.Los l.li Yellow jiidkh, 80 32
Jackson — 26
MICROBES IN BOOKS.
Sanitary Measures Adopted in European
Libraries.
It is a fact that has been well demon
strated that contagious diseases may be
spread by means of books which may have
been in the hands o! the sick or conva
lescing. All the eruptive maladies, acar
letina and vanoloid among others, as well
as diphtheria, may be transmitted in tnis
manner.
Throughout Europe, and especially in
England, strenuous efforts are being made
to stop this source of contagion. At Edin
burgh already a regular service has been
organized by which the directors of libra
ries are notified each day of the names and
addresses of all those in the city who are
ill of contagious diseases. The librarians
thereupon make careful search to find if
any of their books have been lent in any '
of the houses specified. When such is
found to be the case the health depart
ment seizes the books, which are then
either disinfected or destroyed according
to the nature of the illness. Whon a book,
for example, has been in the hands of one
ill of varioloid it is immediately destroyed.
At Bradford, Kucland, similar measures
are also in vogue and an effort is now be
ing made to put them into effect in Lon
don. This, however, owing to trie vast
and den?e population ot that city, will be
difficult of accomplishment.
In Paris this plan will also be followed
in the near future. At present the au
thorities of that city are endeavoring to
lind a satisfactory disinfectant. Experi
ments are beine made with the vapor of
formic aldehyde, which is produced by the
incomplete combustion of methylic alco
hol in contact with ihe air and incandes
cent platinum. This vapor, in addition
to its antiseptic properties, is easily em
ployed and is absolutely harmles to cloth
and* paper, and its discovery will doubt- I
i less hasten the adoption o' similar hygi
i enic measures in the public libraries of
this country. — N. Y. World.
THE CALL CALENDAR,
Fkbbttarv. 1897.
I»tJt,AM STtAilliKS.
STKAMKKS TO AKKIVii.
&vi>, Moon a>xj 'Una.
Ukitbd Statbs Coast AN ' ° "'TIC Rttrvit.
W™. ASD HRIGHT9 OF HIQH AND LOW
TIATBRS at FO.<T Point. K.NTRANCK to
bAN Fbakcwco Bat. PiJBLISHKU BY Oh™
ciai. ADTHosrrr OF this SCPKRINTRNDKNT.
o£?E^rT b ,?f. hl '! h * nd low wters occur at tbe
Citytront (Mission-strest Wharf) about twenty
nvi. minute* later than at Fort Point: me height
of tide Is th«- sam» a: both places
February— 1897.
, OT *— In th« above exposition of the tides th*
•any morning tides are given In the left band
column, and the successive tides of the day In tba
order of occurrence as to tlma. The second tlm»
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when mere are but three tides, as Kometlmej
JceuM. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Com: Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
neigh:, and then the number given Uaubtractirs
trona tne depth given by tlie chart*. ,
NOTICE 1O 3IAKIKMU
A branch of the United States H.rdrographic
Office located In the Merchants' Exchange Is
maintained in Saa Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and free or
expense,
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sallinz
directions of the world are kept ou huiu. or cum
parison and reference, and the latest Information
can always be obtained regarding lights, dangers
to navigation and all matters of Interest to ocdan
commerce.
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
graph. Hill is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian, by
telegraphic signal received each dar from the 
United States Naval Observatory a: Mare Island.
Cal. ; . 1
A notice stating whether the time ball was i A
dropped on time, or giving the error, If any. Is
published the same day oy the afternoon paper*, '
and by the morning papers the following Jar.
W. S. HuoHRS.
Lieutenant. U. S. N., in charge.
The Time Ball.
*»akch HTTJ»o«RAPirro Orno*. T7. * t.. V
Merchants' Kzchaxsh V
Pan FBANciaco. February 6, 1897. >
Tn« time ball on Teiegraoa Hill was nrODoel
exactly ** noon to-day— L c.. at noon of the l'JJta
meridian, w; exactly at » *«. m., Greenwich Urn*.
W. S. UUBHU,
t.i»otenant V. S. .N.. ini-na^o.
siiu'i'i.vG uivi£lXl(»jcm«;js.
Arrive I.
FRIDAY, February 5.
Stmr City of Peking, Smith, 28 days —hoars and
— mill from liougitoiw. via Yokoiiama 16 days
9 hours and — mln, via Honolulu Boars 10 hours
and — mln: pas* and mdse. to 1" IS. 9s Co.
Stmr Point Arena, Johnson, 16 hours from
Mendoclno and way ports; pass and mdse, to Men-
Uoclno .Lumber Co,
Stmr Eureka, Parsons, 56 hours from Newport
■lid way ports; pass ana mdse, to Goodall, Perkln*
&Co.
Stmr Scotia, Johnson, 20 hours from Fort
Bragg: 225 M ft lumber, to Union Lumber Co.
Stmr Greenwood, Fagerlund, 21 hours from
Greenwood: lumber, to Ii E White lumber Co.
Stmr Alliance, Hard wick, 47 hours from Coos
Bar: pass and mdse, to Gray A Mitchell.
Stmr Alcazar, Gunderson, 45 hours from.
Port Los Angeles; ballast, to L £ White Lumber
Co.
Stmr Czarina, Seaman. 48 hoars from Coos Bay;
mdse, to I 1) Sprockets A Bros Co.
Stmr Weeott. Miller. 17 hours from Albion;
200 M ft lumber, to Albion Lumber Co.
stmr Progreso, Storrs. 96 hours from Seattle;
2600 tons coal, to P B Cornwall.
Schr Annie Larson, White, 14 days fm Tacoma;
415 M ft lumber and latbs. to Hanson & Co.
Schr Ida McKay, Johnson, 8 days from Coos
Bay; lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co.
Returned.
FRIDAT, February 6.
Schr Moro, Jorgcnson. hence Jan 6, for CoquliU
River; returned on account of machinery being
disabled.
Clear* d.
FRIDAY, February 5.
Br stmr Monowal, Carey, Honolulu and Sydney:
J D Spreckels A Bros Co.
Btmr Corona. Koran, Kureka; GOOdall, Perkins A
Co.
stmr Mexico, Jepsen, San Diego: Goodall, Per
kins & Co.
Brshlp Rnddlan Cast'.e, Roberts, Port Towns
end; J J Moore &Co.
Sailed.
FRIDAY. February 5.
Br stmr Monowal, Carey, Honolulu and Sydney.
btiur Corona, Doran, Eureica.
Btmr Olpsv. Leland. Santa Cms.
Stmr Mackinaw. Littlefield. Tacoma.
Stmr Mexico, Jepsen, Ban Diego.
'1 el«- graphic
POINT LOBOR. Feb. 6.— 10 iv it— Weather
Cloudy wind SW; velocity 30 mile*.
Charters.
The schr Mary Dodge loads mdse for Kanulul:
schr Nokomis, lumber at Port Gamble for Japan;
Br ship Ru idlan Castle, lumber on the Sound for
Port Plrle. 355.
I>om»><itfn Pore*.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Fab s— Scar Bangor, fm
Port Blakeley.
TATOOSH— Pained Feb 4— Bark Wllna, hence
Jan 31. for Nauaimo.
NEW WHATCOM— SaiIed Jan 6-Schr Glen
dal". for ban Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Feb 6— Brshlp Dun
cow, from Port Townsend.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Feb 3-Schr Ivy and
stmr Snoo 1 , for San Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Feb 4— Scnr John D
Tal ant, hence Jan 31.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Feb s— StmrNoyo, bee
Feb 4.
bailed Feb itmr Protection, for San Fran
cisco.
COOS BAY— Arrived Feb 6— Stmr Farallon, frm
Eureka. Bar rough.
foreign Port*.
HONOLULU— Arrived Jan 14 — Stmr Pe«n. Jan
7— hear Robert Lewers, from Newcastle, NSW.
Jan 16— Ship H°nry B Hyde, hence Jan b. Jan
16— Bark 8 C Allen, hence Dec 31; Haw strar Zea
lani'.a. hence Jan 8. Jan 17 — Br schr Casco, frm
Victoria: schr Transit, hence Dec 31. Jan B— Brie
Alden Hesse, hence Jan 1; Brstinr Miowera, from
Victoria. Jan 22— Br si mr Coptic, hence Jan 10.
Jan \l6~ II B Mstmr Icarus, from Esquimau. Jan
27— Br stmr Warrimoo, from Sydney. Jan 28 —
Stmr City of Peking, from Yokohama.
hailed Jan IS— Bktn Kllkuat. for Port Towns
end. Jan 14— Bark B P Cheney, ior Port Towns
end: stmr Peru, for Yokohama. Jan 15— br bark
.-aaioa. for New York. Jan 17— Haw stmr Zna
laadU, for Sydney. Jan 20— Br si hr Casco. for
cruise. Jan 21— oark White Rose, tor Port
Townseod. . Jan 22— Bark Matilda, for Port
Townsend. Jan 33— Kr baric Ardgowan. for Port
Townsend: Br s;mr Coptic, for Yokohama. Jan
24— »cur Gen McPlierson, lor (San Diego. Jan 25
—schr Alice Cooke. for Port Townsend. Jan 26
Bri? Lnrllne, for Katiului Jan 27— Bark Martha
Davis, for San Francisco. Jan 27— Br stmr War
rimoo, for Victoria. Jan 2»— Snip 8 P Hitck
for New York.
CALETA BUENA-Salled Feb 3-Nor ship
Prince Kdwara.
FA LMOUTH— Sailed Feb 4— Br shin Harland,
for uirkenhead; Brshlp Wynnstay, for Manches
ter.
NEWCASTLE. NSW— Sailed Feb 2— Br ship
Bucichurst, for Panama.
SWANSEA— called Feb 4— Br ship Australian,
for San Francisco
PANAMA— SaiIed Jan 18— Haw stmr Aztec for
Champerico. Jan 14— Stmr City of Panama, for
Chaa.per!co.
Arrived Jan Stmr Starbuck, from Manzan
lllo. Jan '-'4—3: mr Acapulco, hence Dec 29.
DUBLlN— Arrived Feb 2— Br ship Iverna, hnce
Sept 1.
LONDON— Arrived Feb Brshlp Wasdale, hce
Sept 3.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Feb 4— Br bark Al
mora, hence sep; 4. < '
SYDNEY— Arrived Feb 4— stair Miowera, fm
Vancouver.
DEAL- Passed Feb 4— Brshlp Durham, hence
Sept 2, for West Hamepool.
Movements of Tram- Atlantic Ste<»Ti«>-t.
NEW YORK— Arrived Feb s— Stmr Schiedam,
from Genoa; stmr Fulda. from Genoa; stmr Ailer,
from Bremen and >outaamiuon.
QUEKNSTOWN-Arrlved out Feb 5— Stmr
Campania.
GENOA— Arrived out Feb 5 — Stmr Ems.
AMSTERDAM— Arrived out Feb s— Stmr
Edam.
BREMEN— out Feb 6— Stmr Karls
ruhe.
MOV I sailed Feb 6— Stmr State of Califor
nia, for New York.
Importations.
COOS BAY— Per Alliance— tons coal, 350 M
ft lumber.
MENDOCINO— Per Point Arena— l 33 M ft lum
ber, 1 bx butter, 1 pkg mdse.
Fort Bragg— 4oo M shingles.
Little River— 2 pkgs mdse.
■ Point Arena— 3B^ brs butter. 12 cs eggs, 1 hog,
1 sic hid?«. H sks potatoes, 21 pkgs radio.
NEWPORT — Per Eureka— 3 sks chill peppers,
20 bxs oranges, 15 us "Kit*. 1 bz paper.
East San Pedro— 35 cs canned tlsh, 6 sks wal
nuts, 40 uxs oiKior, 20 bxs oranges.
San Pedro— lOpkgs mdse, 67 pkgs furniture, 0
cs candy. 1 V? bbls cocoanut.
Uueneme— 3V% bxs butter, 10 cs eegs.
Ventura— lßß oxsoranf»es, 60 bxs lemons.
CarpinUTia— 1 bx lemons, 51 bbls asphaltum.
Santa Barbara— 2 bales burlap, 2 ro. Is matting,
1 pkg personal effects, i! obis olives. 99 bxs lemons,
1 anvil, 1 vise, 1 bx 100 s, 1 bx clock weights, 8
bxs oranges.
Uavlota— sks crawfish, 2 bxs batter. ■-.*.'■ ■ .-.'l*
Port Harford— l3 bdls pelts, 35 bdls hides. 2 5*,-.
ciecgj, 2/ bxs butter, I*9 sks barley, 97 sks
beans, 104 sks corn. 1 bx fish.
Cayuco-*— 2 tubs 13 > bx.s butter. 26\£cseggs. 5 j
pkg* mdse, 10 dry bides, 5 cs cheese, 1 coop chick
ens. 1 1 dressed calves.
San Simeon— ll% cs eggs. 146 bin butter, 1
csurjr goods, 5 pkgs lie, 7dres3ea calves.
Monterey— aO bxs apples.
COOS BAY— Per Czarlna-1000 tons coal, 81
sks potatoes, 2 bxs fisn, 1 cs dry goods, 1 Ox peas
14 bdls bides.
lIONO KONG. ETC— Per City of Peitlng-600
pkgs hemp. 125 pkgs gunnies, 78 \ pk^s matting,
•i'l pkgs silk goods. 10 pkxs parcels. 840 DKes
kopak, 24Opkg» coffe. B*s pkgs sauce, li4pk«r<
spice. «00 pKgs opium. 217 pKgs curios 932 pk.*s
oil, 873 pKgi tea, 18,567 pkgs rice, 2201 pkgs
md*e.
Overland- 2067 pkgs matting. 4 5 pk*s silk
good*. Si pkjts parcel.!, 218 pkKS cur os, 600 pigs
raw silk. 1047 pkgs tea. 421 pkgs md.ie. -
Central and south America— l>2 picks silk eooJs,
26 pkss curios, 140 pkgs rice, M 3 picgs mdse.
Con*lsne«4.
Per City of Peking-London, Paris anil Ameri
can Bank; Daulel Meyer: M J Brandensteln Co:
F liliiuemann; Mrs Dienl: P M HS Co; Honzkon^
and Shanghai Bank: order: John le^frled Jt Co;
Parrotl <fc co The Fuiji Co: Bi' Co; I'arroct & Co;
Bank o iirltlsh Columbia: Chinese mercnauts; A
\V Baron: H II Be rger; Wells, Fargo «fc Co; Lon
don and »an Francisco Cans ; sway ne & lioyt-
Per Aliisnce-P a Buell; Oukland Lumber Co:
Stock: Lumber Co.
Per Czar.n i— .l L> sprecVels <t Bros Co: Wieland
Bros: McDonough A Ranyon: Wells, Fargo <t Co:
A Paladlnl: Blsslnger & Co; U X lio..k<;.
Per Point Arena— Wheaton, Breon i Co; Dennl
sou i. W.ison; OK W oitasy Co ; ANowfl>-ld- O
Berg; O B Smith & Co: standard Oil Co: a A Co n
mrggs; RohlfTs&Gerdau; Martin. Feusler .fc Co •
Dodze, Swft-neir ,v Co; WI! »umner Co; Mtn*.
docldo Lumber Co; » sorenson.
l'<r Eureka- llat«. Haruch & CoiWetmore Bros-
C E Whitney A 1*0! Biut^rlck Pub Co: H»aj HraV-
J H Cain & Co: Trobock A Bergen : River Anrr^t
Erlaiiger&Gallnger; Blake. Mofflf <fc Towne- I
-aoul & to; standard Oil Co: Wood. Curtis & Co-
LScaten-i.t Co: J 1- Thomas: J t-emar vl * V V-
Imin 1 Co; S HKmersou.ACo; Trunibul &
B— be: American Union HsU Co; J X He ,rt • Mr
Bra..d^n»t ln * Co: J B Ingn<lla: A Palad'ini'- • . ■
heni&Co: Russ. Sanders & Co: Ksstnarn-A Vv».
Goldberg, Bowen * Co; timer. Brea.,off"t v ,?. :
san>ranct»co com mission Co; Juison Fruit «v,'
Philadelphia Brewery: Dodge. AweVney A Co- p^
Coast Fish Co: H Kirchmann & Co; Wm i-t.n /
U CatnUlonl A Co: H bmard ; Marshall JtKeinierV:
is Levy Co: Hills Bro,: R Ul £ Sanden T* Co Zc
ramento Ush Co; M T Freltas A Co- a i -'
Dairymen's Union: J H Kess^gfoß'smUhTr,?'
Gets Bros A Co: , Wellman. Pwk«U' I i C i
Co-. Baker A Hamilton : Norto* Teller^* O«- W
Urt & Co: Marshall. Teggart &Co; W C pJlc^ Lo?
kc°nw" UeV* Cof J O Jon^4^ ntSomery * V °' *THROWN INTO A
MEXICAN JAIL
Return of Jack Mather,
Who Was Arrested as
a Smuggler.
He Was Asked by a Stranger
to Carry Seme Opals
Across the Border.
Released by the American C ::su!
Alter a Few Days in a
Dung on.
Oakland Office Bab Francisco Call.)
•jos Broadw y, Feb. 5. f
Jack Mather returned last night from
Mexico, and but for the intervention of
the American Consul at Nosales he would
still be in a dungeon on suspicion of being
a smuggler.
Mather is a well-known Southern Pacific
fireman, residing in Oakland, and in the
early part oi October he made up his miml
that this locality was altogether too dull
ana uninteresting for a man who wished
to see more of the world. He fitted him
self out for a tr.p to Arizona and Mexico,
JACK MATHER, a Well-Known Fireman, Telling the Story of
His Experience in a Mexican JaiL
end nothing more was heard of him until
a rsontb ago, when a dispatch was received
from Xogaies stating that he was in jail.
His friends did what they could to cause
the in ervention of the American Consul,
but did not know how successful they had
been until Mather arrived. The story he
tells is somewhat romantic and he vouches
for its truth.
"Everything went well," said Maher,
"until I got down to Ei Pa s o, which city
is just across the river from Nogale?. One
Sunday morning I thought I would take
a trip into Mexican territory, and as
the two cities are connected by a bridge I
walked over it into the Mexican city. I
Ptroiled around for a few hours and took
in the town and aii the original sights,
and toward evening I started to go back
to K. Paso. Ihu 1 barely started when I
wus accosted Ijv a stranger just as 1 was
about to cross the bridgp. He had a little
parcel in his hand, which was directed to
a party in El Paso. He tola me he had
been detained and could not deliver it
himseif and asked me if 1 would attend to
it for him, at the ?ame tima offering me a
$1 bill for my trouble.
"At that time I was rather short of
money, for people who travel as I did do
not^jeneraliy carry letters of credit. So.
f-eein.' the chance to make $1, I accepted
his offer and toot tie parcel. The
stranger then left me and I proceeded on
my way toward El Paso. Beiore 1 pot to
the middle of the bridge I was stopped by
a Custom-house official an-l searched. 1
had noihine about me and was about to
walk on wnen the officer concluded to look
at the parcel.
"He opened it and to my sun-rise I saw
that it contained opals and other precious
stones. I was at once arrested and
cnarged with attempting to smuggle con
traband poods acr iss t!ie border. 1 was
thrown into jail at Nogales and it i 3 the
dampest, coldest and darkest dungeon 1
ever saw. You can't see your hand in
front of your ince. and when once the
door is closed it is never opened until the
prisoner is taken out. dead or alive. My
meals, which were just sufficient to keep
me from starving, were passed down to
me through a bole in the roof of the cell.
"After b Leg Confined for two or three
days 1 was enabled to get word through
one of the euards to the American Consul,
and was finally released.
"When I returned my friends thoncht
I was still in jail, and wen* at work trying
to secure my tp ease."
SCHOOL BONDS IN DOUBT.
An Eugtern Legal Opinion That They
Are Invalid.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 5.— C. H. White
.& Co., New York bankers, who put in a
bid for the Oakland school bonds, which
were ordered to b; refunded last year
have written to the City Clerk, stating
that they cannot accept them, as they are
illegal. They have forwarded their at
torney's opinion in full, and several new
points are raised which may cause the
city much trouble. . One paragraph espe
cially is of grave importance. It is as lol
lows:
I nlHoeail your attention to the fact that
■$3500 of these bonds under the ordinance arc
due September 25, 189(5. I seriously question
the power of a city to «el] Its overdo bonds.
The so-called talc by a municipality "of its
own bonds is in le^ul effect nothing more than
the exercise of a borrowing power, and 60 far
as ths first installment oi this issue is con
cerned the transaction amounts !o a loan of
43500 to the city and the city Issuing to you
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
bonds due September 25, 1990, as evidence of
tha loun.
At the present time all the bonds are
held by two parties, to wtorn the city is
paying"intere*t by special agreement, and
tnere is notlr.nz to ir-'vent them present
ing them for immediate payment. If a
valid doubt < xi^ts reg .rding the legality
of refunding, it is not unlikely that these
bond* may be presented, in which event
Auditor Snow says he will have to turn
over without a moment's hesitation every
cent in tmy fond of the city treasury.
Another CluiniHiit for Damages.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 5. — Miss Carrie
M. Cbarieen commenced an action to-day
agai; st the Oakland Railway Company
for $50,000 ..umage?. She alleges that in
May, l v i'">. she was alighting from a Tele
graph-avenue car, which started ut> sud
lieniy, throwin ■ her to the ground, in
juring her back and spine and cr pplmg
her for life. Attorneys Reed & Nua
bauraer filed the complaint.
I !>•• Queen *W:i« Insultod,
OAKLAND, Cal.. Feb. s.— Henry Ou
bridge, known as "Lord Athol," was ar
raigned to-ttay :or embezzlompnt. When
Sheriff Smith put the handcuffs upon him
Lord Athol protested, saying that such
conduct was an insult to the Queen, of
whom he is a subject. The Queen was
insulted and Athol was handcuffed and
taken to jail.
Can Prosecute Marsh-Owners.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 5. — A precedent
has been discovered f >r prosecuting tho
owners of the Tompkius school marsh
land for maintaining a nuisance. City
Attorney Peirsol says that in June, 1883,
Gilbert Clement was fined $100 for main
taining a nuisance of the same character.
He appealed, was beaten and paid the
fine.
A Young Wife* Delusion.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. s.— Marv Garcia,
the lti-year-oid wile ol Enoch Garcia of
Haywards, hns reported to the officers
that she believes her husband has mur
dered their baby. The woman is evi
dently deluded, because there is proof that
no child has ever been born in the Garcia
family.
A Despondent Painter's Suicide.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. s.— Charles
Papc. a despondent painter, who has b -en
out of work for some time, took carbolic
acid last night ami ended his li c. He
was a native of Michigan, ag'd 32, and
lodged with Mrs. Johnson at Golden Gate.
H« was unmarried imd of a singularly
morose disposition. His remains were re
moved to the Morgue.
READY TO HANG HERSELF
A Woman Tramp Prepared to
Meet a Train on a Rail
road Trestle.
Constable Rimage Declares Her to Be
Insane and L dged H?r in the
County J ill
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
SX)B Broadway, Feb. 5. )
Constable Ramage of Haywards brought
a woman to the County Jail this after
noon and charged her with insanity.
The woman, who Bays her name is Mrs.
Price, tells a peculiar story, and Jailer
Lane, who has conversed a couple of hours
with her, declared to-night that be be
lieves she is perfectly sane, and Is confi
dent she will be released in the morning.
"My family lives in Los Angeles," said
Mrs. Price, "and I was intending to tramp
irom San Francisco to that city. 1 got as
far as Hay wards and there I was ar
rested. The constable saw that I was car
rying a piece of rope and he seemed to
thinK I was intending to commit suicide
because I told him that I intended to u?e
the rope to bang myself under a bridge if
such a thin: should be necessary.
"He did not give me time to explain,
but at once concluded that I was insane
and brought me to jail. hat I meant
whs this: I know that there are some
long trestles between here and Los An
treles, and I took the roue which I form
erly used to fasten my trunk, so that i! I
was caught on a trestle by a passing train
I could hangbaneath it till the train had
passed. That is ail the hanging I in
tended to do."
Jailer Lane says that h* thinks the
woman is perfectly sane and that he be
lieves' her story. The most unorthodox
thing she did in jail was to smoke a cigar.
"Much Ado About Nothing. "
ALAAIEDA, Cal., Feb. s.— The Avon
Dramatic Cinb was greeted with a full
house to-ni-_'ht at the presentation of their
comedy, "Much Ado About Nothing." for
the benefit of the Alameda Woman's Ex
change and Relief Society in the opera
house. The participants were: H. B.
Phillips, George MoncK, E. C. McManus,
H. V. Parratt, Phil C. Dibert. A. F. Esta
l>rook, EussHl R. Stednian, Miss George
Eliot, Miss Rose Elliot, Mi>s Mabel
Moore, Miss lVarl Mecartney, Dr. J. J.
Medros, Royal P. Mncdonald, A. F. Esta
t)rook, Abe P. Leach, Alva J. Remmei,
Ray Dean, H. V. Parratt.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1897.
A MERE CHILD
TRIES SUICIDE
His Mind Affected Because
of the Suicide of a Young
Cousin.
Arthur Cooke, Twelve Years
0 d, Takes Chloroform in
a Basement
As His Mania Appears to Be Perm : .
nent Re Is Ordered to an
Asyium.
Oakland Office San Fbancisco Call,»
908 Broadway, Feb. 5. J
A very unhappy case or suicidal mama
developed last evening with the twelve
year-old son of the Rev. W. H. Cooke of
0244 Magnolia street.
About dusk last evening the boy was
found in the basement of the house by
members of the family unconscious and a
partly emptied bottle of chloroform was
by his side. Dr. Legault was at once
called and found that the boy had not in
haled very much of the deadly drug. He
had evidently saturated a handkerchief
with the chloroform and held it to his
nose. As soon as unconsciousness over
came him the handkerchief dropped to
his side and thus saved his life.
For nearly two months the boy has been
afflicted with a desire to end his life. This
unhappy decision was arrived at when his
cousin, Frank Locke, committed suicide
by taking poison and cutting his throat in
Golden Gate Park. Since that time the
boy has frequently appeared to be tempo
rarily deranged and has expressed the de
sire to end his life. He has told his
fatner that he might as well be dead, as
tne world did not need him.
The boy was examined this afternoon
before Judge Greene, and from the evi
dence and the testimony of Drs. Todd
and Selfridge tne lad was declared irre
sponsible and was sent to an asylum.
There was great uncertainty as to how
he procured the chloroform, bat this
afternoon Dr. Bodle, who keeps a drug
store on San Pablo avenue, cleared it up.
•'The other day Mrs. Cooke came to my
store," De s:tid, '"and got a bottle of chlo
roform, explaining that she was suffering
from looihache. The woman sa.d she
was Mrs. Cooke, but 1 do not know her,
alinougli I know tne Key. Mr. Cooke very
well. Yesterday a.ternoon the young
Cooke came to my store for another bottle
of chloroform, saying thai his mother was
still suffering from the toothache, so I
gave the drup."
The Rev. W. H. Cooke was at one time
pastor of the Nortti Oaklaud Congrega
tional Church, but at present he is nut in
charge of any churcn. He ascribes his
son's mania to the influence of the suicide
of his cousin, young Locke. The child
leil about a year airo ana injured his head,
and for several mouths hi* sight was
affected. He recently told Eddie James,
a schoolmate, that he wanted to commit
suicide, but that he had no grudge against
anybody, and be has frequeniiy told his
companions that he wanted to die.
ADVOCATE WHITE LABOR.
The Alameda County Federation
of Trades Condemns Tene
ment Cigars.
A Lecture From an Eastern Delegate
Leads to Some Strongly Word.'d
Resolutions.
Oakland Omcz Pan Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Feb. 5. J
The Federation of Trades met last night
to hear Delegate Michael Raphael of the
Cigar-makers' Union of New York City in
regard to tenement-maoe cigars. Afteran
interesting speech the following strong
resolutions were adopted:
Whereas, The Alameda County Federation
of Trade-*, knowing thai the cigars sold and
consumed in this city are produced by Eastern
factories in tenement-houses; thiit as cigar
mnkers and their farnilii s are compelled to
hire apartments from the employer, in which
tiiey are forced to work and live, and pay ex
orbitant rents for same, from twenty to fitty
families working tn these structures under the
most unsanitary conditions; whereto, theie
workshops «nd living apartments combined
are dangerous to health. Sicknes-s and disease
of all kinus affect the occupants, thus
breeding contagion to the consumer,
as well as the producer. The degrading char
acter of this system of employment tends to
demoralize tlio sacredness oi home, dwarfs
the mental, moral and physical condition of
the children, who are, by force of circum
stances, prevented from attending school, in
being competed to work with the rest of the
members of the laraily ; therefore, be it
Betolped, That the AUmeda County Federa
tion oi 1 rades hereby declare that they will
use ail honorable meuns to discourage the sale
of such cigars, and will only patronize dealers
who have the Dive label of the Cigur-makers'
International Union pasted on every lot, and
see that wnlte labor v employed, and use all
cffjrts to encourage homo industry; bo it
further
KcsulvLd, That this federation inform deal
ers tuat we will refuse to pairorMze them
unless they agree to handle such cigars only
as bear the blue label and show ttml white
labor is employed.
Upon adjournment of the meeting the
members oi the various unions met in
lormally to take action in indorsing can
didates for the municipal election. A
committee of two members from eacn
union was appointed, an<J they will hold a
conference next Monday.
Washington's Birthday Parade.
OAKLAND, Cal.. Feb. 5. — Arrange
ments are being made lor the observance
of Washineton's birthday, and the
lin:inco committee reports meeting with
good success in soliciting subscriptions.
Several organizations irom San Francisco
have promised to come over to this city
on that day.
DIVORCE COURT NEXT.
The Kleupfers "Will seek *L«gal Sepa
ration Owing tv Outside
Interference.
ALAMEDA, Cal , Feb. The attempt
of Mrs. Kleupier to commit suicide yester
day may result in divorce proceedings be
ing inaugurated in the near future. Mr.
Kleuffer returned last evening from Stock
ton, where he went in answer to a sum
mons from his uncle, who is under arrest,
charged witn the killing of two men last
Tuesday at New Hope. He consulted
Attorney Tappan this morning and ad
mitted that a divorce would follow.
He refused to state which party would
take the initiative, but declared that he
and his wife would live together no
loncer.
"W> have been married only three
months," said lie to-day, '"and were living
together happily when outsiders began to
interfere. They began talking against me.
but cannot show one thing I have ever
done that I should be ashamed of. It is
simply a case of outsiders sticking their
noses into other people's affairs."
Mr. Klfupfer is considerably worfcea up
over the affair and speaks in a determined
manner. He promises to give hi- wife
every attention necessary, including a
nurse and physician, and settle the bills
for the same. He is willing to make any
concession in ti-e matter possible.
AGAIN POSTPONED.
Society Baseball Gauie Between the
Berkeley Football 1 earn and the
Glee Club Laid Over.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. s.— On account
of the inclemency of the weather the so
ciety baseball game between the Glee
Club and the foo bull team at the State
University has again been postponed.
Instead of being held to-morrow after
noon it will probably take placo on Sat
urday, February 13.
Ii the grounds are in sufficiently good
condition the interclass games will be
played next week, beginnine with junior
senior game on Monday. On Wednesday
the freshmen will meet the sophomores.
The winners of these two matches will
play on Friday and the winners of the
tinals will then play the Dental College
nine on Saturday lor the championship of
the university and the intercluss trophy.
The lateness of the season has materially
affected the practice for the intercollegiate
series Which is scheduled to tuke place
within about six weeks.
Political Parties May Combine.
BERKELEY, Cal.. Feb. s.— The Non-
Partisan and the Independent Taxpayers'
parties held a meeting last evening in
Judge Gentry's courtroom. From the
result ot the meeting it is believed that the
The Handsome Trophy, Valued at $250, for the Winning of
Which the Council Refuses to Pay $23 to Substitute Firemen.
two parties will combine their forces for
the coming municipal election. Tne Non-
Partisans have a committee in charge,
consisting of Dr. Hubert, N. Rowell, Mat
thew Lee. Louis Jewett, Douglass Keith,
Charles Herlitz, Thomas Doiid and Wil
liam Curtis.
Plenty of Mnthrooini.
BERKELEY. Cal., Feb. s.— lnstructor
F. T. Bioletii of the department of agri
ciil ure haß b?en mak'nn a series of ex
perim nts with mushrooms, testing them
as to thiir edibility. He has tound a
dozen or more species growing on the
campus which he says may be eaten with
safety and which were previously regarded
as poisonous.
Dr. lie Come at Work.
BERKELEY, Cal.. Feb. s.— Dr. Joseph
Le Conte, who has been confined to his
room met of the tfme since his return
from the East, has entirely recovered and
is again at his work. He guve his first
lecture since his return yesterday, to a
class in advanced geology.
It !s his purpose to introduce within a
short time a course of special lectures on
"Optics," which wiil be supplementary to
his revised work on "Light," now in the
press*. The course is intended to be pri
marily for graduate students.
MUST BE BLFUBLICANS.
A Complication ArU« * in the Army it tin
Navy League.
OAKLAND, Cal. 4 Feb. 5. — The Army
and Navy Republican League have de
cided that ail members who do not stand
by their obligations to support National,
State unO municipal Republican tickets
shall be dropped trom the roll. As a com
mencement Harry Inwall was expelled
last night because he was at the Tax
payers'" Convention which nominated
Mayor Davie.
In this connection a very interesting
complication has arisen, iur while the
league was in session expelling Inwall for
indorsing Davie for Mayor the Republican
City Central Committee was also in ses
sion and appointed J. S. Colburn, a Popu
list,as the nominee of their party from the
First Ward. Now several of tne veterans
are askine how, in view of last night's
action, they can conscientiously vote for
Populist Colburn when one member has
been expelled for saying a word in favor
of Populist Davie.
WORK OF THE EMNS.
Laundry Farm Koad Repaired—
tit All Hi-.nl i>.
OAKLAND. Cal., Feb. s.— The washout
on '.he Laundry Farm road was repaired
early this morning, and to-day the cars
are running as usual.
Water in the arroyo at Livermore has
run past the L-street crossing for the first
time this season. There is an old saying
amoii£ the residents that unless the rain
flow past Li street, a good crop cannot be
assured. Now they feel easy.
The >torm .shows no sign of abatement
about Decoto. Alaineda Creek is again
flowing bank full, and if the storm con
tinues it must soon break oat, and flood
the country. Alvarado, the mouth of the
creek, is now flooded •by an overflow" of
two days, and should the creek a«;ain
break out the damage will be great. Resi
dents are now compelled to go about in
boats. •
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
NOT EVEN THE
COST OF PLUMES
Will the Council Pay to the
Firemen Who Won
First Prize.
The Handsome Trophy Has Not
Been Accepted by the Fire
Commissioners.
Ignored for Months Eecausc the Idea
Originated With the
Mayor.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broad wuy, Feb. 5. j
Although the Oakland Fire Department
proved to the jud-es of the horse show
that it could ni.ite a belter turnout than
any ot her department on the Pacific Coast
the Finance Committee of the City Coun
cil begrudges the small amount that was
expended by permitting the department
to exhibit.
The idea of sending a team to San Fran
cisco originated with P. E. Bowles, one of
the directors o! the horse sbow, and Mayor
Davie; and although the trophy which
was won is of considerable value it has
not yet been recognized officially by the
Fire Commissioners, but is confined in the
vault of Mr. Bowles' bank awaiting the
action of the board.
Councilman Kaufman in loosing over
the affairs at the City Hall to-day made
the discovery that the bill entailed by
sending the crack team across the bay is
just $'J3, Mayor Davie and others paid for
the decorations, and the bill presented to
the Council is fimply the salaries of sub
stitutes, who were employed while the
winning team was being prepared and was
on exhibition.
The bill was presented by the Fire De
partment in the usual course, and at the
la9t meeting of the Finance Committee it
decided not to pay It.
"In what other city on the face of the
! earth would so little civic pride be shown
}as over this matter?" exclaimed the
I Mayor this morning, when his expert told
him of the condition of affairs. "Here
we are with a valuable trophy on our
hands, bearing witness to the fact that
I we can make a finer showing than any
i oiher Fire Department on the coast, and
yet the cup is allowed to be hidden
away in a vault because of the in
difference of two members ol the
Fire Commission. Common decency
bbould have suggested that as soon as the
cup was received the F.re Commissioners
should have passed resolutions congratu
lating the department, accepting the cup
on behalf of the City and making an ap
propriation of a few dollars to purchase a
case in which it could be kept as an orna
ment in the otlice of the commission.
I instead of that, three months have passed
j and the City Attorney will introduce a
resolution at the next meeting bearing
I testimony to the fact that they are aware
I that the Fire Department won the first
prize.
"If such a thing had happened in Los
Angeles here would havo been a banquet,
to which all the Fire Department would
! have been invited, and tue citizens would
I not have ceased talking about it even by
this time, and I cannot understand why
Mams. Peirsol and W.lson should have
: shown so much indiftVrence or why Mr.
■ Manuel of the Finance Committee, who
I Dids good-by to politics In three weeks,
should so suddenly have become economi
cal except for the simple reason that the
idea oi sending the team across the bay
I originated with Mayor Davie."
German I.:. dies' Kelief Society.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. s.— The Ger
man Ladies' Beliei Eociety will give a
masquerade bail at Harmonic Hall to
morrow evening. The proceeds are fur
the relief fund, and on former occasions
have netted a large sum for thai work.
The organization is one of the best-known
and worthy institutions of this city. The
following named will serve in cajacity
named: Committee of arrangements —
Mrs. Helmken, Mrs. Fiala, Mrs. Linde
mann, Mrs. Kaschen, Mrs. Ansel, Mrs.
Altona, Mrs. Oesicrreicher, Mrs. Alfs,
Mrs. Spreckels, Mrs. Schroede , Mrs.
Kahn; floor manager, Fre<l Fischer; floor
committee — Mr. Buns, Mr. Koerber, Mr.
Fiaia, Mr. Denke, Mr. Durein. Mr. Weich
ert, L. Fischer, Mr. vor.'Kapff, Mr. Pauls
nieyer, Mr. Sclioenau.
In order to have an invention protected
all over the world it is nece-sary to take
out sixty-four patents in as many different
countries, the estimated cost of which is
about £3500.
THE NEW FOOTBALL CAPTAIN
BERKELEY. Cal.. Feb. 5. — "Bobby" K. Ilaskeil '97 was unanimously elected
captain of Berkelpy's football team this afternoon. Tbe thirteen men who by
virtue? of having played in the last intercollegiate game wore entitled to vote for
captain came together ai 4 o'clock and in a few minutes' time chose the man who
is to lead the U. C. team or victory to defeat on next Thanksgiving day. Tbe
other candidates for the place— Hall. Carr and Hutchinson— had withdrawn their
names and the tieid was left clear for Haskel!. He was practically elected outside
of the meeting, but in order to make his captaincy v..lid the formality of a
session of electors whs necessary. His choice as leader of the football forces
under the blue and sold meets with the hearty approval of the ontire
body. \\ hat the place for Has>kell was lis conscientious and careful work
while training, his da>h and spirit wm:e at play, his knowledge of California
players and his superior generalship.
Though but a payer of two years' experience, he has made phenomenal devel
opment in ihe science and tactics of the game. In his first two years at college
he did not play at all, but acquiring a fomlness for the sport came out in bis
junior year. He was first piacea at end and then at quarter. So rapidly did he
improve that when the season of 1896 opened he was placed in charge of the
second eleven, which he captained from his position at quarter. In all of tho
contests with the clubs during last fall Hask-U played quarter during part of the
game. In the inteicolle>;iate he was callad out to take the place ot Kennedy, who
broke his nose during the last half. From the time he came on the field till the
finish he kept the team goin^ at a hot pace, which is his characteristic method.
He accompanied the team on its Southern California tour, during the Christmas
vacation, and played quarter in tlie first four tames.
Haskell hails from San Bernardino, where he graduated from the high school.
He is now in hi 3 twenty-third year, stands 5 feet 6 inches and weighs, stripped
and when in training, IS6 pounds. He is of stocky build and well muscled
especially across the chest and shoulders.
Haskell entered college in '93 as a special, but after a time he changed his
status to that of a regular student. Wuile nominally a member of the class of
'97, he will not graduate in May, because of the change he made late in his course.
He will return next term to make up the balance of his hours, and will take bis
degree in Decembar. .
DALTON'S COMPARISON.
Alameda County's Assessor In More
Economical Than the Lot
Angeles Official.
OAKLAND, CAL.,Feb. s— Assessor Dal
ton has compiled a table 'showing the
amount of money necessary to run his
office, and the increase in the amount of
work between 1887 and 18D6. His figures
are as follows:
One deputy at $200 per month $2,400 00
One deputy at $125 per month 1,500 00
One deputy ai $1-0 per month I,'JOJ 00
Seven deputies at 41.5 per month, four
months 3,50000
One -.l.pntv at f-100 per month, nix
month* 600 03
Twenty-five deputies at $100 per
month, four months 10,000 03
Tot al paid tor salaries of deputies . . .81 9,v!UO 00
Paid denudes' com missions un road poll
taxes »1,150 35
raid d wards Publishing Company for
transcript of deeds 54 00
Paid exDercs for valuing lands 650 00
Paid attorneys and court fee* 750 00
Total cost for running office for the
year 1,704 35
Receipt* of office for the year:
Assessor's salary 4.000 00
Salaries of deputies paid by the county. 4,100 00
Commissions from personal properly,
poll and road tux 7,155 80
Military roll 91 16
Total receipts from all sources $•-'6,169 96
Deduct expenses of office as above 21,7U4 Ab
Net incorn" of the Assessor for the
year 1«96 $1,465 61
Or a monthly sulary of 8. 1.-i
In addition to the above I received from the city
of Oakland $1337 35 for furnishing a certified
copy of the assessment roll, go tar as . be same ap
plied to property wlthLj the cliy of Oakland, (bee
se lion 36i3, Po itlcal Code.) The cos; of duln?
the above work «« as Bt>so, leaving a net profit to
the Assessor of 9687 35.
Another statement made by the Asses
sor is as follows :
From the above Rtntement It will be seen
that the work in the Avscssor's office has in
creased over 100 per cent since 1887. With
all the increase in the work oi the office there
has been less than 30 per cent incease in the
revenue allowed for doing the work.
The cost of the nssossment, including the
salaries of the Assessorand hisd?pu:ifs, in Los
Angolos County durine the year 1896 w>is
$4 1 ,663 95, as against $20,109 9G in Aiameda
Couuty.
Candidates Indorsed.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. s.— The Federal
Labor Union met to-night and received
the following communication from the
Labor League of Aiameda County:
Oakland. Cal., Feb. 2, 1807.
To Officers and Manbers of federal Lab'V Union
My work as a school teacher often brings on a
state of intense nervousness, which prevents .
digestion and results in severe headaches. I
have found that by watching my feelings and
taking a^^^^c^^^^ 6^ 6
when I feel myself becoming tired and nervous —
I get relief at the time and prevent further trouble. ■." . - ■ .
No. 7671- Gentlemen: At the last meeting of
Aiameda County Labor League, the following
candidates were indorsed, which, we think,
are the friend* of labor, and which we sin
cerely hope you can indorse and support:
Mayor, J. L. Davie: City Attorney. W. A.
Dow; < ny Engineer, R. M. Clement; Auditor,
R. W.Snow; Treasurer and Tax Collector, Z.
I Oilpin; Councilmen at large — George Earl,
William Heitman; Ward Councilman— Kim
Ward, M. C. Nunan; beroud Ward, — Gerard-
Third Ward, M. W. Upton: Fourth Ward,
— Boyer; Fifth Ward, W. O. Buckland; Sixtn
Ward, — Watkinson; Seventh Ward, — Foster.
A copy of this will bu sent to all reform and
labor organizations in the city of Oakland.
By order of Executive Committee Alameda
County Labor League.
— « 0 »
Two Baukiuptcy Cases.
E. Lomler ana B. A. Schloh, individually
and doin? business as the Pacific Music Com
pany, yesterday filed a petition in insolvency.
They owe !r^4,(J'JO'JO, which includes $9308 50
due William Sohmitz. The debt to Mr.
Scnmili is secu ; i by the pledge of pianos and
organs. It is stated that tne assets of the firm
will amount io $14,679 24.
Walter E. Cook, a teamster, asks to be ad
judged insolvent. He owes if46l 90 anil has
ao assets.
• — #■ — •
I'r.uik Fiesel Injured.
Frank Fiesel of 1430 O'Farrell street, while
riding in a buggy iast evening, collided with
another vehicle at Grove and Franklin streets
and was thrown violently to the ground. H«
sustained a lacerated scalp wound and other
slight hurts, with a possibility of internal in
juries.
NEW TO-DAT.
Wlien I say I cure I do not mean merely to stop
them for a time and then have them return again. I
mean a radical euro. I bare made the disease of
FITS, EPILEPSY or FALLING SICKNESS a lifo-
long study. I warrant my remedy to enre the worst
cases. Because others have failed is no reason for
not now receiving a cure. Send at once for a treatise
and a Free Bottle of my infallible remedy. Give Ex-
press and PoKtotfiec address.
M^XPEEKE,F.D.,4CeiIarSUewYorR
/^\ r#^^ on ' s Dispensary,
iKI:AKSITS ' r ' Established
!i liM'" •'»•-•■» for the treatment of Private
ill Lf) *Wf I) 's et!f ' ( '. Lost Manhood. Debility or
t»|^HSSg»' *e.HSt»wearingoitbo<Jyar.d mind and
%WT 888( Sk i'" Oi«eas*'R. ' I'hPQOctorci:reswhen1 'hPQOctorci:reswhen
fc^MSSp.iotiiP'sfnil. Try him. Churges low.
NnHUi Cnrf»cuaraiilrfJ. Call or wri
Dr. J. V. uIBBON. Box 1957. San Francisco.
1112
THE "CALL" RACING GUIDE.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB. Injleside Racetrack. Friday. February S. Fiftieth
day of the Winter Meeting. 1896-97. Weather Showery. Track Heavy.
r r\r\ FIP.sT KALE— Three-quarte/s of a mile: maiden three-year-olds; purse *350.
'a I SECOND HACK- une aud a sixteenth miles; purse t4OO.
r 1 1») THIRD KALE— Three-quarters cf a mile; selling; purss $400.
tny FOURfil ltACE— Three-quarteri of a mile: selling; purse 9400.
504 fIFTH KACE— beven-eighths of a mile; three-year-ods and upward; purse $350.
PAT MURPHY WAS
ON HIS METTLE
In a Very Close Finish He
Downed Moylan a
Nose.
Benamela Administered Another
Sound Drubbing to Morte
Fonse.
Lady Hurst First at Odds of 60 to 1
E mer F Scored a V ry C:ever
Win— E^taca in Front.
There was a very close finish at Ingle
side yesterday, and the decision of the
judges did not meet with the approbation
of all of the assembled crowd, a number
of whom gathered around the judges'
stand and manifested their dissatisfaction
in ioud horse talk. The cause of all the
gibberish was the nose-and-nose termina
tion of the fourth race, in which Pat
Murphy gained ihe decision over Moylan.
Borne were positive that Moyian won by a
hea:), while others maiie it a length. The
fact of the matter was that opposite the
paddeck Moylan looked a handy winner,
but "dogged" it badly the last fifty yards,
and the fast-coming Pat nipped him a
no-e on the wire. It is f roba'uiy fortunate
for bettors that some of these noisy gentry
who indulge in much of the "Kicking" are
not picking head finishes from the stand,
for the police would be called on every
day to quell incipient riots.
Pat Murphy has shown race form of
late, ana bis partisans backed him down
from 12 to 7. Slaughter roiie one of his
rare good finishes, and Jones on Moylan
was just a bit chaeriued over the result.
Yemen, the 11 to 5 favorite, ridden by T.
61<">an. was unplaced.
The well-known trainer, Mat Storn,
sprung quite a surprise in the first race, a
six-furlons dash lor maiden three-year
olds.
He entered Atticus and Lady Hurst,
the pair cor pled reaching at one stage 60
10 lin the betting. In a bard drive Lady
Hurst finished a length in front of The
Tourist, a 50 to 1 outsider ridden by
Golden. Basquil, the favorite, was third.
I'ickine up 107 pounds Benamela, the 4
to 5 favorite, made a paliop of the mile
and a sixteenth selling run. romping in
nearly two lengths ahead of Morte Fonse,
which horse had second call in the ring.
Two Cheers ran a clever race, being third
ciose up at the end.
In the six-furlong spin that was next
called a miscellaneous collection of sell-
Ing-platers lined us, ten starting in all.
Elmer F was played from threes to 5 to 2
favoritism, and taking the lead from Red
Bird in the stretch won very handily from
Whitestone, who made a fine run from
the rear. Minnie Ccc, away poorly, was
third.
The final seven-furlont; run proved an
easy thing for the 7 to 10 favorite. Estaca,
on which Sloan had the leg up. He took
the lead irom Ei^emount at the far turn
and, not extended, passed the stand two
lengths in front of Adrlie Buchanan, with
the second choice, St. Aignon, third.
THE HOBART STAKE TO-DAY
The Greatest Field of Starters That
Has Faced the Barrier This
Season.
Seven well-hLled events make up the
card at Ineleside to-day. It is the clos
ing day of the meeting and the rich Ho
bart stake is the special feature of the
programme. All of the best handicap
horses, both local and Eastern, are entered
and at weights that give the race a very
open look. T^e crack jockeys of the coun
try will be seen sporting silk, and the
finish should be a memorable one. It is
the best field that has faced ibo barrier
this season.
After the hubbub over the Pat Murphy-
Moylan finish had subsided, Ed CorrigaD,
owner of Moylan, said jokingly to eoaie
friends, "'I went up in the stand ana told
the judges that 1 hoped they wouldn't
think I was Ut9 one that was making all
tout noise."
The Chicaco turfman added if any one
was loser throtu h the tight finisb lie
thought he ouuht to be counted in, but
that he was perfectly satisfied tbe officials
made no error. Captain Kees, the pre
siding judge, is a man of very keen per
ceptive powers, with a world of experi
ence in separating hordes at tbe wire, and
horsemen who have raced .on .Eastern
tracks where that official bus presided in
the stand say his mistakes have been few
and very, very far between.
Pat Dunne had his horse Benamela
I tilted a few hundred by Tommy Griffin.
I The brown colt was entered to be Bold in
! the selling event he won for $500. Griffin
ran second with Morte Fonse, and when
Benamela was led up to be auctioned
Tommy oid him up to $1000, Mr. Dunne
retaining his horse with the usual $5.
Following are to-day's entries;
First race, three-quarters of a mile, selling.
481 Miss Ban »4 • 200 Harry Lewis. .. 99
4~il Pectsu ft" 106 479 Lopear 96
■194 Cog-nt 87 479 Jack Hardy Jr.. 9.
488 Brametta. 94 421 Monitor 88
445 Snowdown 100, 487 Franco 102
Second race, three-quarters of a mile, selling.
493 Scimitar 105 473 Foremost. ... 99
470 Haze, 1) {14 500 BasquU 89
495 Mercutio- 87. 445 I ryot g-J
502 Ranjo Hit 493 Carrie U 9i
445 Nebula 82 601 r.ii -remount 106
Third race, iwo-year-oids, seven-sixteenths of a
mile.
Lherrv Bounce 113 437 Queen Mab.. ...110
Don Luis 110 478 bl. Phillip 110
471 DukeofYorkll.ll3 49i! Henlcia. "" 107
478 -Morano 10. . Travantore 115
(471iSir William. US 478 Ooilay 110
492 Fallen Princess. 107 478 Kummel 100
49J Old Jack 103 492 Rosa '.'....103
Fourth race, selling, one mile.
(459)Srhnitz 101 48?. Daylight. 98
(46t5lColllns 100 5J4 Addleßuchan'nlO7
448 M-Llßht 100 bO^ Fullertoo Lass. 93
498 Babe Murphy.. 93
Fifth race, one »nd a sixteenth miles, the
Ho bar: sake, value 91500:
(497)Luckv Dog 110 473 Argentina 105
47.1 St. Lee 1.0 167 Damlen 100
(■WO) Schiller 110 496 Judge Denny... 90
441 Captive 108 501 Marcel... . f<o
145 Yankee Doodle. 473 foremost.... Hi
414 Sw. Favordale.lo7 503 Moylan J)8
(457)Salvatlon 106 ""
Sixth race, one ana a half miles, hurale hand!
cap:
(491) Tuxedo 148 493 Gold Dust 140
«J £»*'« 148 4&7 Governor ßndd.l3B
491 JO C 145 491 Reddlugtou 133
Seventh race, one mile, allowances:
430 Arezzo 110 (494iHar'ld Llndsay.'OS
•; v 4 Imp >am 105 490 Geyser 106
4»4 Lincoln II 97!
SELECTIONS FOB TO-DAY.
First race— Brametia, Monitor, Peck
sniff.
Second race— Scimitar, Basquil, Mei
cutia.
Third race— Sir William, Queen Mab,
Outlay.
Fourth race— Colllus, Babe Murphy,
Schn-tz.
Fifth race— Captive, Salvation, fchil
ler.
Sixth race— Keddlngton, Gold Dust,
Goveruor Budd.
Seventh race— Geyser, imp. Sain, Ar
eno
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
jp-TS= HERMANN LODGE NO. 127, I m
Or-S" and A. M.— The officers and mem- A
bers are requested to attend the funeral oflFjf
our deceased brother. AUGUST H. W. f%r^~
VAN BERGEN, from bis late residence No. 720
C»pp si.. Tills DAY (Saturday) at 3 o'clock p. m >
By oruer of the W. M.
• L. SCHUMACHER, Secretary.
tt^g* «K::MAMA LODGE. NO. v^vuuuiiV,
***& 116, I. O. O. F.-The funer&l;4»*3|pfe-
commilt**, cilicers and members of^s<sj£^
the above lodge, are invited to attend ~^Wi^>
the funeral of our late brother, C. WEN DTE. on
SUNDAY, February 7. at 1 :30 P. u . at Odd Fel-
lows' Hall. cor. Seventh an<l Market sts. Rela-
tives and frioLds please attend.
FRED MARKS. N. G.
Emil Nikmeieb, R. B.
«£-"]£=■ THE OFFICERS AND MEM- <«-,»,
*b~-±r bers of Burns Lodg^ No. 68. A. o. I'.^^JK.
W., are hereby requested to att»nd the fn-ts'&fs?
nt-ral of our late brot er, P. W. WINK LEY, VSsf^
P. M. W.. from AlcAzar Bulidlnir, 114 o'Farrell
St., on SUNDAY. Februarv 7. at 1 :80 o'clock. By
order of tbe M. W. L. G. SCHORD, Kec rder.
VPS' QUI EN ; VICTORIA'S DIAMOND
Sfc*-*^ jubilee— Notice. It has been thought that
the British born of this city. Irrespective of
naturalization, would wish to celebrate the above
event 1 1 some suitable way. Having been ap-
proached on the subject by a committee represent-
ing many of the formal organizations of the State,
the British Consul-General Invite* the attendance
ot all those Interested In the matter at a meeting
to be held at the Pa ace Ho el Maple room on
SATURDAY February 6, at 2 p. m.. todiscu s the
proposed celebration and devise means and
methods. J. W. WARBURTON.
I&g* A SPECIAL MEETING OF THE MEM-
•■*■*' bers of the Bishop Armita,-e Church Or-
phucasje will be held at the office of these, retarr
030 California st., room 38. on i-ebruary 23, 1897',
I at VI m., for the purpose of revls ng or amenulng'
tbe by-laws of said corporation or adopting new-
by-laws and for the election of truMee* for the en-
suing year; also for the transac. ion 01 sut.h other
business as may come before the meeting.
L. WADHAM. secretary.
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
13 s ABRAHAM LINCOLN COUNCIL NO
K^ 2, J. O. C. A. M.-Members win assemble
a; B'Dal B'rlth Hall on DAY, February 7, at
|C^» DR. BAZ .T REMOVED FROM PHE-
s*~«v lan building to 908 Otary st.: t<»l. East 367.
P3»-BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR 14
f£*jy rolle.tions made: city or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 416 Montcy St., room 6: tel. 6680.
PHOTOOKAPUJiKS SUI>FI.IJ£S.
CAU « aMERA CO. HAH REMOVED TO i*2
Geary st., near ' Kearny and Market. Latest
and ben: in pho.o goods. '
STORAGE.
■DEDUCED RATES, FURNITU«F.. PIANOS,
-It housi>bol<: goo is. e-c. J. M I'IERCK. 735 Mkt.
PHYSICIANS.
TiR- C. C. O'DONNELL, 1208 MARKET, RES.
■*-> 2864 25ih st. ; diseases of women, a specialty.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1897.
CHURCH NOTICES.
gp^s» PRAISE SERVICE AT ST. PAUL'S
!»--*' Episcopal Church. California st.. beL Fill-
more and Sieiner, 7:30 p. m February 7.
—Rev. William M. Reilly, rector; F. Katz-
ebach, organist a-d director. Holy Com-
munion, 7:30 a. M : service, sermon and
HolyCommunlon.il a.m.; Sunday-*chool, ii:3o
a. M. Maslc for the evening: organ prelude;
Processional Hymn 616 (first), Sullivan; "(iloria
Patri." Mozari-Stalner: -Magnificat" In D.
Barnby: '-Nanc DtmlttiV' In li, Baruby: "Agnus
' Dei," Tours; Hymn 535 (first), Barnby: organ
so o. "Pastorale," Flatter; "Caoiate Domino," in
C, Dudley Buck: tenor solo, "Prodigal Son." Sulli-
van: duet (soprano und bass), "Father of Mer-
cies," Dontzetti-Millard: chotus, "How Lovely
Are the Messengers." Mende.'sssbn; offertory,
alto solo, "AVP Maria," Fanre: doxology; reces-
sional Hymn 491. Wesley, organ ponlude. Solo
quartet— Miss Mabel Love, soprano; Mrs. M. Chap-
p-lle Henley, alto: Frank Mitchell, tenor; H. A.
Melvin, bass.
(£-5= HOWARD-STREET METHODIST EPlS-
ifr-J»^ copal Church, btt. Second and Third streets,
two blocks from Palace Hotel— Rev. W. W. Case,
D.D.. pastor; Martin >cbu:tz, musical director;
J. W. W luting, Sunday-school superintendent.
Hours. of public services 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m.
Sunday-school at 12:30 Prayer meeting Wed-
nesday evening, 7:45. Epworth Leacne, 6:30
Sunday evening. Morning subject: "Moral stra-
bismus." Evening suije t: "look Out for tie
1* int." Pastor's iesideuce,l4o Hawthorne a reel,
near the church; telephone Red 961. Church
tel phone. i.lhcic i'6l.
■^75= SIMPSON MEMORIAL METHODIST
»*- ' Episcopal Church, cor. Hayes and Buchanan
sts.— Rev. John Stephens, pastor; residence, 309
Ualghi st. Preaching at 11 a. m. and 7:3J p. m.
The pastor will preacn at bctti services. sub-
ject at 11 a. m.: "The Revival Question." At 7:30
p.m.: -'.a Remark ab e Election seen**." Revival
services every evening this week except Satur-
day, In charge of lir*. Fnelps and Urmy. Sunday-
school at 12:30 p. m.. C. B. Perkins superintendent.
worth League service at 6:30 P. M. The public
cordially invited to all the services of this church,
seats free. 'Ushers in attendance. Prayer-meeting
Wednesday evening at 7 :45 o'clock.
BP2?* CENTRAL METHODIST EPISCOPAL
CRiC Church, Mission St., bet. S xth ana Sev-
enth—Rev. K. K. Dille, D.D, pastor: B. V. Watt,
Sunday-school superintendent; J. J. Morris, mml-
cal director; U. M. Boaworth. organist. Dean
Peck of the great Hay market Mission, Denver, will
prea-b at 11 a. if. In the evening the pastor will
preach; subject, "Revivals." The Pentecostal
meetings, under the direction of Rev. J. H. Smiih
of Philadelphia, will begin on Tuesday evening
and continue each evening during the week, and
afternoons at 2. Sunday-school at 1 p. M. Young
people's me*. Ings (sections A and B, Y. P. 8. U.
£.) will meet at 6:16 p. m. All welcome. . .
—— _ _^ __ —— —
Ifrss= TRINITY METHODIST EPISCOPAL
&*& Curch— Love feast at 9:30 a.m. Preach-
ing by Rev. Dr. Coyie. presiding eder. at 11 a. m.,
with sacramental services. The pastor will preach
In the evening. Subject: "What i hristians Know
That scientists May or May Not Know."
r^S» HOWARD PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH,
m<& cor. Oak ana Baker sis.— Rev. F. R. FarraDa,
pastor. Services at 11 a. m. and 7:46 P. M.
In the morning Hev. H. C. Minion. D.D., will
p each the sermon and anslst the pastor In the
*acramemal service. New members will be re-
ceived. Evening sermon by pastor. Subject:
•The Successful Athlete." sabbath school at
9:80 a. M. Y. P. S. C. E. at 6:45 p. M. Prayer-
meeting Wednesday evening On Sabbath morn-
ing, February 14. the pastor will begin a series of
six sermons on: "The Story of Esther." All cor-
dially invited.
(tqSp" FIRST PRESBYTERIAN CnUKCH,
»*-js* cor. Van Nessave. and Sacramento St.— Rev.
Robert Mackenzie, D.D.. pastor: Rev. Edwin 11.
Jenks, co-pastor. Dr. Mackenzie will preach at
11 a. m. Mr. Jenks will preach a; 7:30 P M
The evening service will be a praise service. Mu-
sic entirely from Meudeis.sohn. sun ay-school at
1.:45 P. m. :Y.P.S.C. E. at 6:15 P. M. Prayer-
meetiug Wednesday at Hr. m. All are welcome.
BT^S 3 COSMOPOLITAN CHURCH. GULDEN
m^Br Gate Hall, Milter H. — The new meeting
place of tbe Cosmopolitan Church is Golden Mate
Hail. Services to- morrow night. ev. Harold To ce,
pistor. Suoject of seimon: "A Rational K vival
in ' elision." Janus Hamilton Howe, organist.
Doors open at 7:15 P. M. Services 7:45 P. M. Ad-
dress business communications to James Nesbltt
Hill, 6^5 batter ac
19^55- A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS-THh
'2r-& WEEKIY CALL. m wrapper, tor mailing.
STOCKHOLDERS' NOTICE.
rr:y 2*.'9 STEVENSON ST.. SAN FRAN-
*-»^ c sco, Cm.. January 29, 1897. At a mm-
ing of the board of directors of the Edison Light
ana Power Company, heid on the 28. h day of
January, 1897. it was unanimously solved that
on and after 1 - ebruar.- 1, Ifc97. the president and
secretary be Instructed to deliver to the stock-
ho ders of aalJ com pan}- one and one-:hinl <li/s)
: shares of the capital stock of the !-an Francisco Gas
| and Electric Company for each share of the
Edison Light and Power Company's stock sur-
rendered Transfer-oooks of the Edison Light
and Power Company will be closed on January
30. 1897. The first dividend will be payable on
tie new- stock on or about March 1, 18»7, ana will
be at the late of one dollar ($1) per share.
storkholden are requested to mrrender their
certificates to the secretary of the company with-
out delay.
EDISON LIGHT AND POWER COMPANY,
By J. E. Grf.en-, Secretary.
SITUATIONS WAXTED-FEMAIE.
GERMAN EMPLOYMENT OFFICE, 306
* ' Mason st., tei. mini 6332, lurnlsh s best help;
all nationalities.
SITUATION WANTED BY A WOMAN WHO
O understands cooking thoroughly; best refer
ences: pleas* state wages: no ut.j-ctiou to abort
distance in the country. Address ii. ii., box 60,
Call Olßce.
AERMAX LADY. GOOD SEAMSTRESS. DE-
\J ulres few more pla e-i for pain setting or
mending in hole, or private families; 60 cents per
day. Address L. 8., oox 164. Call.
VTOUNO LADY, FORMERLY IN GOOD CIH-
X. cumstances. desires a lucrative position as
housekeeper, or wl!l Jo gentlemen's mending. 120
Ellis su. room 17. second floor.
VOU.NG AND ATTRACTIVE LADY OF
i. many accomplishments desires a position as
managing l.ousekeei er In widower's or bachelor's
home. 223 Post St., room '1.
r IDO»V FROM THE EAST, WITH LITTLE
»" girl 8 years old, would like place in lodging-
house. duress Stranger, box 74. this otilcp.
COMPKTKNT WOMAN DESIRES POSITION
\J as working housekeeper in widower's or bach-
elor's home; wages $20 211 Fourth at., rcom 51.
"DEFINED PERSON WISHES A GOOD HOME
J V as companion to a lady; a neat .sewer, aid
not afraid 01 woric. Address M. X., box 169, Call.
MIDDLE-AGED iiKitMA.N WOMAN FOR
•i-'A general houi>cwork and plain cooking; city or
country. Apply 2633 Post St.
\\ r ANTED- WORK BY THE DAY OR WEEK;
'" good cuok; country no objection. Address F
8., box 12, Call.
"yoUNG GIRL WOULD LIKE A SITUATION
-L to assist in iiouseworic cr mind children.
Pitate call or address 2107 Pjwel. at.
MIDDLE-AGED LADY WOULD LIKE SlTU-
ation as housekeeper or nurse; city or coun-
try. 34:1 Minna m.
j ADY WISHES a POSITION AS HOUSE-
X-i keeper: references. 917 Market sU, loom 14.
Tj>XP£RIKNOr.D HoU.-EKKEPER (WIDOW)
J-i wants work In lower's or bachelor's house-
hold: country preferred. 88 Ninth at., room 17;
hours. 1 1 a. M. to 9p. m.
EXPERIENCED DAY OK NIGHT NURSE;
49 per week: ot » 01 references confinement
and other sickness taken home; private. Call 719
We lister au
FIRST-CLASS MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN IS
greatly in need of a home and work tit a good
housekeeper and worker: is willing ana steady;
ko by the week or month: small wages. Ladies
please (a 1 169 Minna .st. ; no cards-
\\' ANTED- SIT CATION 11 Y GoOD COMPE-
'» tent girl t.i do housework a:.d cooking; city or
country. it>o9 Post 81.
». GERMAN GIRLS WISH SITUATIONS AT
— second work or general housework. R. a T.,
box 74. call 1 iii. -4-.
yOUNO WIDOW WISHES POSITION AS
J. housekeeper 01 do plain geuileman sewing.
106 Fourth st.. room 'I.
I ADY WISHES MENDING. UN I. NO,
J J knitting ana plain sewing: will do janitre s
work. Address M. D., room 31, 129 ban Pab o
ave , Oakland.
COMPE+ENT GIRL WISHES SITUATION
\J for general housework; thoroughly understands
good, plain cooking; sleep borne, un 40?
McAllister at. .
RELIABLE GIRL WISHES POSITION AT
IV general housework: Is good plain cook: sleep
home. Address box 125, Call Office.
ANTED - POSITION AS WORKING
housekeeper oy an agreeable, young woman;
widower's larully preferred: wages 9^5. • Call
from 10 to 4, 126 Fourth st., room 2.
AM GEi.MaN a.vD A STRANGER IN THIS
city; worked 3 years in the last place (private
family only) and desire the same work here; good
coo», German it French. Call or address H. W.,
96 Silver st., corner of 'i him.
YO 0N G WIDOW WISHES POSITION AS
X working housekeeper for widower or bachelor's
home; city or country; no objection to children.
181 Noes .
T ADY OF EXPERIENCE DESIRES A PO»I-
-■LJ tlon as housekeeper in lodging-house or wid-
ower's home. Room 3, 993 Market st.
GERMAN HOUSEKEEPER AND FIRST-
VX class coo c (test es situation in family or pri-
vate boarding-house. Ca.l at 16 Beaver st., bet.
sixteenth a. id Seventeenth.
VOUSG* eastern WIDOW of r fine-
X mem ana culture desires a position aa manag-
ing Housekeeper in widowers or bachelor's bouse.
Room 2, 122 Post *t- . • •
\\r ANTED— POSITION AS WORKING
'» housekeeper by an agrvoableyoang woman:
wages ♦'«' j. CaVl after 10 a. m., 126 Fourth, r. 6.
SITUATIONS WANTED -Confirm**.
T\rlDOW DESIRES POSITION AS HOUSE-
TT keeper; does not object to 2 children. Ad-
dress ... C. F., Peraita Heights, corner Lester and
Hanover aves, las; Oakland.
7 1 '_> LARKIN-BRANCH OFFICK OF THE
Ho CALL: FUbscrlntions an want ad* taken.
SUBSCRIPTIONS AND WANT ADS FOP. THE
Call taken at branch office. 339 Hayes su;
open uik.i a :3j o'clock.
IUAXT ADS AND SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
• T Thk Call are taken at Branch Office, touih-
wrst corner sixteenth and Mission a s.
_ .
GERMAN (URL WISHED SITUATION TO
VJ do general housework or housekeeping: good
cook lor final! family. 620 Washington street.
TyiNUHKSsTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
"* Market: 200 rooms -5c o $150 per nl.:ht:
$1 50 to $6 pur week; convenient and respectable;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
QW COR. SIXTEENTH ST., NEAR ' MlS-
slon; branch office of Tils Call. Sub-
scriptions and went ads taken.
SITUATIONS WANTED MALE.
TTUNTER & CO.. CHINKSK AND JAPA-
XX nese employment once. 17 Webb St.. below
Kearney, ur.Cai. ; ie!. 231. W.C.YOUNG. mgr
TAPANESK INTELLIGENCE AGENCY. K.
O 90 St. Ann's bl'g, 6 Eddy St.; tel .< am 5234.
piIINESK & pan I- SE; K>T'D £0 Y KA KS;
uelp:tel.main 1997. BRADLEY Jc C.>.. 640 Clay
PHINESE AND JAPaNESK E3I PLOYMENT
\J office: best help. 41ii,2 O'FarrelL Tel. E. 426.
Y A YOUNG MAN, SOBER AND INDUS-
trious. a situation to travel for a wholesale
hou e: speaks Spanish, French aud English: ac-
quainted in Mexico; good salesman; can give
Al references; wajes do object: will take side
lines if necessary. Address 11. J.,box 40, this office.
ITUATIOX WANTED BY A YOUNG MAR-
-0 rled man: good solicitor or outside salesman;
expert anver. city references. H. D. PHILIP^,
18 Moss st.
p ENTLSMAN, FINE PIANIST, DESIRES
" I sttady engagement; best reference, s. P., box
63, all Office.
OBER RELIABLE GOOD HORSEMAN
wants posit references; is a crack track-
man, s. R , box 78, Call.
yOUNG JAPANESE BOY WANT-* A PLACE
X to work either forenoon or afternoon only. S.
T«. 22 Prospect place.
•\r«»Ur»O MAN OF 21 WITH BEST OF
X references seeks position: experienced stock
clerk; also collector; city or country. Address S.,
box 138, Call Offi. e.
yOUNG man. WELL recommknded, IS
X sober and industrious, would like position of
any kind, will furnish security. Audiess East,
tox 77, Ca'l Office,
\\r ANTED— POSITION AS PORl'fcß IN A
TT hotel; country preferred. Porter, box 63, CalL
"yOUNG ENGLISHMAN WAISTS PLACE AS
X staged river or to take care of horse* thor-
oughly competent. Add. F. CLCtß,boi 109, Call.
STRONG BOY USED TO WORKING IN
bakebou-ie. Apply Baker, box 72, Call Office.
COMPETENT, SOBER AND STEADY MAN
yJ wishes a si uation in private place or as janitor
for institute; best of city references. Please call
or address A. FROMM, 233 California ave., city.
yOUNG IRISHMAN IS ANXIOUS To PRO-
X cure a position in a dry-goods SvO;e; five yean'
experience; small salary to commence. J. F.,
52 Second st., io-.ini 14.
POSIT lON IN COUNTRY HOTEL OR ROAD
X bouse by a man and wiie: understand the
business; or would rent. 8.. box 60, Call Office.
IT'IRTL-CLASS FRENCH. ITALIAN AND
I. American cook wants place in hotel, res:aurant
orlarce boardlnc-house; is thoroughly comcetent
aud has good references. Address Cook, box 101,
Call Office.
SITL ATION BY WORTHY MAN. AD-
dr ss R. KRAFT, 9 Carlos place, above Powell
su, off ueary.
I MARKET ST. — BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
1 Call: want ads and subscriptions taken.
OOQ HAVES ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
• ><)<> Iki Call; aubscripilous aud want ads
taken.
DKAMH OFFICE OFTHKCALI 167 NINTH
XJ st — Want ads and subscriptions taken.
4 MARKET ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF THiS
i Call: want ads and subscriptions taken.
-97 MONTGOMERY. CORNER OF CLAY—
«JZ. 4 open untl 9:30 o clock; branch office of
the Call: subscriptions and waul ads. taken.
UriNCHKSTER HOC3K. 44 THIRD NT., Nit.
'T Market; 200 rooms: 25c to SI 50 per night:
$1 60 to (6 per week: convenient and respectable;
iree bus and baggage to and Irom the ferry.
. FEMALE HELP WANTED.
p IRL BUCHANAN ST., $15; OiRL Di- VI«A-
-VJT dero, 15; girl Laguna. $15: gin Octavia, $16
girl Fulton si., sls: Kin Ullruor- . $15: gir Lott
st.. $15: girl Go. den Gate ave.. $15; girl Post si.,
$15; girl Castru, $15: girl Jucksun st , 15; girl
Alameda, $15; 13 young girls. 48, *10 and 12
per month assist etc., nice families. MARTIN'S,
749 Market st.
T ONER SThA.M LAUNi'KY, S3O; WAITRESS,
X country. $20 ai.<l room: waitress, $14 and rcom
cook, $20 aid room, t> waitresses. $6 a hin:
wait runs. cl:y. $15 and room; cook. $25 and room,
waitress, $30 an-J room: laundress, small botol,
$15 and ro> m cook. $45 and room, choice pace;
German coo .. city, $25. MARTIN'S 749 MarKet.
/URL. TWENTY-FIFTH ST., $20: GIRL,
VJ Laguna st , *2): girl, fam Ily 2, Taylor si., $20,
call early; gtr., Fllmore St., $25: Firl, P<v»t s ..
$20. girl, A lamed*. $18; giri. oeury st., $20: girl.
Vallejo st., $20 girl. <>uugh St., «25; girl, Lyon
St., $iiO; girl, Fell st., $20. girl, Eddy su, CM: girl.
Pacific ave., $25: giil, O»k si.. $18: girl. Jackson
St.. 420: girt. Keiirjett, Cal.. $20; girl, Hayes St.,
t2O: gir:. Mill Valley, $20. MARTIN'S, 749
Market st.
LONDE PARTNER, GOLDEN HAIRED,
not over 22 years old, attractive, with good
figure and musical tastes, wanted. Address li. S.,
box 70. fall Office.
"\yANTRD-CuOK, HOTEL, »40; PROTES-
»' taut second girl, 2 in family, $20: German
cbambcrma d, $20: English or American nurse,
1 child. $2.'>, s-e lady here nt 11 to-day; 4 cooks,
Grruiaii style. $25 and $30; restaurant waitress,
$25: and a larg-* miminT of elris for housework.
J. 1-. CROSEIT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
\\rOMA.S COOK, PLAIN BOA RDING-HOUSK;
TT short distance, from city; *-6: call early.
MUKkaY & KKADY, Leading Km ploy me 11.
Agents. 634 and 686 Cay st.
GIRL FOR HOI'SEWORK AND PLAIN
cooking: family of a grown persons: country
town; $.<); see lady here this morning-. MUR-
RAY & READY, Leading Employment Agents,
634-636 Clay st.
HOTKL WAITRESS, COLUSA COUNT V,
fare paid; hotel cooks, $25 aud $20; cook tan
laundress, private l.iml.y, $25. MI'RRAY .V
READY, Leading Emp.oymt'ut Agents, 634-636
Clay si.
COOK. PKIVATK BOARUING-HOUSK, $35
and $40; 2 chambermaids, hotel, city, $15; 2
waitresnta, restaurant, city. tlli anil $20; cham-
bermaid, hotel, near citv, $15; 2 liouin,iri», $20;
4 hons-glris. $12 and $15. C. R. II AN SEN & CO.,
110 Ueary st.
CHA.MBKR.MAIU-MCmT ASSIST WAITING;
\J countr. ; $'*0. II ThLti.iZr, ITE, 420 Kt-arny.
FFICE Fl- REDUCED; 25 CTS.; Gllt^S OF
a.l i.aliuna Itles 10 till various positions. Ger-
man i.uipioyiueni. t-ffice, ai>6 Mason st.
Y^'ANTKI)— A RELIABLE SWEDISH GIRL
l" for general housework in an American family:'
a Kood 1.1.. in cook. Call 1323 Guerrero su, near
Twenty-s
G" II L WANTED FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK:
$8 per month. Call at 18 Me teal e place, off
Geary su, near Mason, bet. 9 aud 11 a. m.
YOUNG GIRL WAN TO T..KB CARE
of baby and assist with upstairs work; must
have references. 7*9 Turk st.
GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK:
w«ges $18: reference required. 130/ Fillmore.
"iy ANTED— IO YOUNG LADIES TO LKA*RN
TT barber trade: s Lop to open May 1. Particu-
lars call la8V» Eighth sc. S. F. Barber College.
INK CHANCE >OR EXPKRIENCKD LADY
X canvassers. American Steel Company, base-
ment Crocker building.
\yANTEB— GERMAN GIRL FOR LIGHT
TT housework. 4 Octavia aU
VOUNOGIRL WANTED TO LEARN OFFICE
X work; must be Ud». Call 33 sixth at., rm. 18.
YY^ ANTED — FINISHERS O> DIES'
T» tailor-made coats. M. J. KELLER COM-
PANY, Oakland.
GOOD OPPORTUNITY FOR A LADY WITH
small capital. 1 all at 1065 Market it., room 1
WAN lED — WOMAN FOR GENERAL
house*ork. 3891 Twenty-iourth st_
I EARN DRESSCUTTING AND MILLINERY;
Xjsl per week; unlimited lessons: patterns
25c. McDowell DressmaKing School, 638 Market.
L'LYN.N's DRESSMAKING AND CUTTINvj
X I Academy. 14 McAllister si.. $1 a week.
({} X LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THK
ui « Call: subscriptions and want ads. taken.
"I 'A WRENCH CUT UNO SCHOOL IS THiS
SJ only reliable placo lor patterns; every one
toaranteed 10 be periec . 1231 Market st. .
MOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECT A BLK:
Winchester H0u5«..44 bird su. near Market:
*00 rooms: 25c to $1 6-> per night; $1 50 to $6
per week; free 'bos and baggage to and irom ferry.
m NINTH ST.— BRANCH OFFICE '~ OF
xI U Tujc Call; subscription and warn ads
taken.
MALE HELP WANTED.
CHOP BUTCHER AND SAUSAGE-MAKBR,
0 cou try, $60 to $60 and found: slaughterer,
country, $50 and found. R. T. WARD & CO., 608
and 610 Clay si.
COOK, $25 AND ROOM; 2 WAITKRs, $5 A
\J •Mi bead waiter,' restaurant. $7 a week;
!> ter, restaurant, $25; dishwasher. $10 and
room nleht cook, $9 a week: young man lor den-
tist office: young man, run elevator and waltsomtt;
10 >k. buttraing-bouse. $45; vouuk man, run eleva-
tor. $10 room ; waiter. $9 a week. MARTIN'S.
749 Market st. •
CaRR.AGE BLACKSMITH HELPER, $7 A
\J week: sausage-maker. $50. MARTIN'S, 749
Market st.
WANTED— AMERICAN GENERAL M■ R-
cbaudi->e cleric for country, $50 and board:
ana others. Apply to J. F. CRoShTT & Co., 628
Sacramento st. pffijjjff
ORCHAHDIST TO TAKE ENTIRE CHARGE
of a ?9-a;re orchard $30 to $-,0; must have
good references. C. R. HANSfc-.s 4tM., HOGear .
2 painters, count see boss here:
£i first-class trainer see boss here. .ML'RKAY *
Ut-ADY, Leading Employ Agents, 634 636
Clay st.
RANCH TO RENT— 23O ACR' S. ALLUNDKR
It cultivation: 12 acres n terries; 15 a res in
pears: 20u0 trees; 2 acres in asparagus: 30 cows;
10 horses; 75 calves-
Ranch ne r <-ity: rent $5 acre year; 3 crops of
rye crass rased each year, further particulars
at M L'KBAV & READY'-- Leading Employment
Agents, 634 aud 636 Clay St.
EXPERT OIL-WELL BORER: LONG JOB;
XJ wares $4 10 $5.a duy; u»ar city. W. D. EWER
& CO., 626 Cay at.
r ANTED-FOR SALE OR HALF INTER-
»» egt; a good man for a good-payine oyster and
chop house; best location; clearing $250 to $300
per mouth; no agents. For particulars address F.
F., (.all office, Oakland.
T\RIGGIBT OR ASSISTANT; REGISTERED:
xy easy hoars: no night or Sunday work. Ad-
dress A., box 39, Call office.
TyANTKD— YOUNG MEN AS SOLICITORS
»» and salesmen. Call from 9 to 12, room 325,
Parrou building.
YY rAN T£I>-BARBERFOR SATURDAY AND
TT Sunday. 18 6 Powell sc
OOD BARBER WANTED. 1180 SEVENTH
si., Adeline station, Oakland.
BARBER FOR SATURDAY EVENING AND
Sunday. 105 Fourth st.
BARBER WANTED FOR SATURDAY AND
Sunday. 426 Broadway.
T»ARBfa.R for SATURDAY. 127% FOURTH
X» street.
BA> BER wanted FOR Saturday. 797
Mission su, near Fourth.
■yOUNG MAN OF SOME EXPERIENCE OF
J. pharmacy. Inquire Eddy and steiner st.
MEAT YOUNG COACHMAN. MENLO PARK:
i-T English preferred; wages $30. 315 Sutter st.
YV ANTED— DISH WABHNR AT 606 KEAR-
»T ny»t.; Coffee John's.
YY ANTED-BOY TO SET TYPE. CALL 44
TT Steuart su. Saturday.
STRONG BOY, SOME EXPERIENCE AT
painting. O'.-u.llvau's Sign Shop, 1828 Market
ELDhRLY MAN <CONFECTIONEK) WILL-
XJing to make cakes and do outside chores. Con-
fectioner, box 7.', Call Office.
Tir ANTED - FOR CASH. SHOEMAKERS'
TT patching machine. LIN KLETTER, San Jose,
California.
BARBERS WANTKD TO ATTEND JIASS-
X> meeting Sunday, Feb. 7, 102 O'Farrell, 3 r. m.
THE RICHtLIEU RESTAURANT. 118a EL-
lu su. bet. Mason and Powell, has changed
bands, and .Mr. Noel Bengue, the new proprietor,
will continue to run it as a UrKt-class res.auraui;
25c a meal; family entrance off O'l'arrell si.
ANTED— SALESMAN EXPERIENCED IN
school supplies. WhltaKer-Ray C0.. 723 Markt
YY ANTED— STEADY, RELIABLE MAN FOR
'» position In country: must have $5 expense
money. Call after 10 a. m.. 9 Geary, room 2.
BARBER^— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC
P. C Barbers' Assn. S. FUCHs, 326 Grant av*
IOUKNIiYMKN KAKBKKa' Kil PLOVMKA i'
JOUKNI'-YMKN BABUKJUf EiJ I'L.OI Mii.N i
0 *e<rretarr .11. BERNARD. 102 seventh St.
BARBKR SHOP, RUNNING 3CHAIRS: LOW
X> rent; good location; price 9125; trial given:
ibis la a rare chance. J., box 67, call Office.
, AKBER WASHSI ANDS. 1. AND 3 BOWIS,
1 cheap. H. HUFsCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate av
THOUSAND.i OF GOOD PLACKS UNDER
the McKinlev administration in every part of
the country. Do you wanton*-? The midwinter edi-
tion of the National Recorder will tell how :o eel a
position. Send 5 cents in stamps to the National
Recorder. Washington, D. C. • ■ + . -
] ADIKS' AND GENTS' MISFIT "HOES
I > bought and exchanged; new vamps and sec-
ond-band shoes fur sale; large stock; shoes made
to order: bes stock; work guaranteed: all kinds
of repairing. 74.* Mission, near Grand Opera-bouse.
UN AND WOM.-.N TO INTERVIEW PRoP-
erty-owners. Landlords' Co-operative Asso-
ciation, 143 Pne an build ng.
ELCHO HOU*K. bii3»,j MARKE'i ST.— KuOilS
20c, 25c to 50c night; $1 to $2 weejc
OXOi< MISSION — SUBSCRIPTIONS AND
*_<J_ l ) want ads taken for THE CALL.
BKVT IN CITY— SINGLE ROOMS, 15. 20 AND
25 cents per night: $1, $1 25, $1 50 per week.
Pacific House. Commercial and i.eldesdorff sts.
1 li< NINTH SI. - BRANCH OFFICE OF
XXUTuk Call; subscription and want ads.
taken.
iv J;UNSWICK HOUSE, 148 SIX I'll SI.: OPEN
1 ' all night; rooms 25c to $1 per night: $1 26 to
$5 per wee*. J. G. DRAKE, Manager.
STYLISH AND DURABLE CALF SHOES
made to order, $2 50. 969 Howard, nr. Sixth.
KKCRUIIB WANTED J- OR THE U. S. MA
XX rin» Corps, U. is. Navy— Able-bodied unmar-
ried men between the ages of 21 and 30 years
who are Citizens of the United S.ates, or those
who have legally declared lhelr Intention to be-
com» such: must be of good character an i habits
and able to speak, read and write English and be
between 5 feet 5 Inches and 6 feet In helsht. For
turther information apply a; the Recruiting Office,
20 Kills St.. Sau Francisco, Cal.
OOOMS 160 To 75c PtR NIGHT; 50c To «1 5J
XV per week. Oriental. 225 Drnmm st.
INGLE FURNISHfcD ROOMS; 15c A NIGHT;
75c week. Llndell House,. Sixth and Howard.
WANT ADa AND SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
" Tut Call are taken at Branch office, south-
west corner Sixteenth and Mission sts,
ANTED.TO COLLECT W AGES DUE J.ABOK
ermfcderxs. KNOX Collection Acer, llu sutter
OCO/' MISSION ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
_«.)- Thk Call; subscriptions ana waut ads
taken.
riIKY ACME UoUoii. »57 iIAKKi-T ST.. BK-
-1 low blxth. ior a room: ScScm night: $1 a weei
I l\l\ MEN TO TAKK LODGING AT lOc. 150
1 I"' ' and 20c a nigh:, including coffee alia roils.
124 Washington st. , near Kearnv.
IyANTbD— AN IDKA: HO CAN Til INK OF
' ' boms simple thing to patent* Protect you;
Mras: they may brine you wealth. Write JOHN
WKDDERBURN & CO., Dept. L, Patent Attor-
neys, asblnzton. D. C, for their $laUti i<rU«
ifler and list of 2UO inventions wanted.
\\f ANTKD-LABORKRS AND MKCHANICS
tt to know that Ed Rolkin. I.enii House proprie-
tor. Mill inns Denver Home, 217 Third st. : 15 J
large rooms: 25c per ulgbt; $1 io $3 i er week.
IJOSEDALK. 321 ELLIS ST.-SINi.LK FUR-
XV nlshed rooms, -Oc to 25c night. $1 to $1 50 wk.
blMo^ WANTS 100 Mi.iV lu ..KI BOT-
XJ. l!e beer or wine sc. best free lunch. 643 Clay
INCHKSTKK HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
Maricet: 200 rooms, 25c a night: reading-
room: free bus and ba?cage to and from the ferry.
\\[ ANTED-SINULii. BOOMS, 16c A DAY: $1
' ' week; rooms for 2. 26a a day. $1 60 a wee*;
reading-room: dally papers. 36 Clay st.
ANTED. YOUR BHOKS-WB RKPAIK
tboesapto 9 o'clock every night: those work-
ing throagn the day can have their snoes repalrsd
st night while you wait: ladles' soling, »sc; mo-i I
lollng, 60c: fine shoes made to order from $3 up
m have a lot of sho»« teen damaged by water. *.
less than one-fourth' their value, from 25c np is
$2 uO. 562 Mission St.. bet. First s;. and second «.
. AGENTS WANTED.
LADY OR GENTLEMEN AGKNT- WANTED
Id each town on the coast for office business.
s-n'l 10c lor samples and circulars to Nature Sup-
ply Company, 24 '.* Third st.. S. F.
BOARDING WANTED.
WANTED— FURNISHED ROOM, WITH
»» bo. rd. In private family, for singe gentle-
man; north of Market and east of Jones preferred;
state price. Address M. K., box 44. Call Office.
. WA.NTED-MIBCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— l-H"<RShPOWER MOTOR OR
»' dvniimo: also secodd-hand Wheeler Wilson
sewiDc-mactilnes, No. 11. Address S. i., oox 139,
Call Office.
.OLANER WANTED: 18 TO 24-INCH: STATK
X cash price. Address B. H.. box 1, call office,
Oakland. ggggggggg
IJUILDINOS BOI'I.UT; LUMBER. SAStIKS,
li doors, mantels, etc, for sale. 1169 Mission su
SELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW-
dry to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth , st. ; tend postal.
A WTSEK'S NEWS FOR 5 - CENTS _ T/iB
•**• WiiLKLY CALL. In crracDer. for mailing.
PERSONALS.
I? OR THE PAST 15 MONTHS I HAVE HAD
no interest In the saloon known a* Burke's,
cor. Guu^'b and Halght sts., where >\'ill!am Wlnk-
lv committed suicide, said saloon bel-g owned by
W.H. Lavies. W.J. I>URKE.
WIDOWER 50 YEARS OF AGE DESIRES
'* the acquaintance o - a lady of suitable ace: ob-
ject matrimony. Widower, box 16, thisom'c--
■y-OUNG ATTRACTIVE BRUNETTE WITH
X large property interests desires to meet el terly
bachelor or w dower capable of managing property
oo*ct matrimony. Addiess Lady Lord, bx 15. Call.
MK. J. PHILLIPS. LADIES' FASHION-
ubIe hairdresser, removed o 120 Gear/ st
opposite Calilornia Furniture Co.; popular prices.
IF HANNAH GILBERT. La E OF MAX-
X Chester. England, would communicate with her
relatives she would hear of something to her ad-
vantage.
HONORA3LE MAN, 36, SOBKR, BHOK-
XX maker, wants to meet lady between 20 1 ui 30
with i,me means. Address LEO CAPO, 662 Mis-
sion st.
\ tUR IX3I/ ,
1> RHEUMATISM AND
NERVOUS PK'SIKATION
Are citus n" so mani- lives to be wasted. It is not
necessary to suff. r so— there is bat one thing can
aid you: medicine cannot, reach you, but
DR. SMITH'S tLECTRO-MAG.\ETIC BATHs,
with the wonderful electric apparatus (nothing
like, it in the world) will bring back your lost
health. Hygiene board, sunny room, carelul and
scientific care and treatment. Address 1533
BUCHANAN ST.
A DVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAW- A SPEC-
r\. laity: private; no fee without success: pro-
bate, insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale,
damages, etc. : prlv detectives: estab. 10 years.
G.W.HOWE, at:yat-iaw. 850 Market,cor.Stocktn
ADY PARTNER, WITH ESTABLISHED
J business preferred, wanted by an experienced,
active business man (35); has a little money. Ad-
dress M. S., box 107, Call Office. .
PRIVATE DETECTIVE WORK DONE REA-
X sonab.e: 10 years' experience; all matters
strictly confidential. G. R. WEBSTER, 104 Mason
bt, room 6.
13AINTINO, WHITENING. PAPERING;
X lowest estimates :best work guarante d; wall pa-
per 3c roll. EDWARDS. 1200 Webster, cor. Eddy.
MIS KEKGAN (FORMERLY WITH G. LED-
erer) has opened a stvlish halnireaslng par or;
latest effects ;price 26c 1 24 Vi O'Farrell, nr. Powell.
OLD GOLD BOUGHT; HIGHEST PRICES. O.
NOLTh, jeweler, 222 o'Jtarrell St., ur. Mason.
MRS. THOMPSON, RETURNED; HAlR-
dresser and manicure. 605 Post St.. room 2.
PRIDE MYSELF ON THE NEATNESS OF
my parlors and the politeness of my attend-
ants; balidresslnsc Is only .'sc; hairdr. sting and
shampoo, suc: switches. $1; "QUINONIa" hair
tonic, 35c per hot t e. G. LEuEKEH, 111 Stock-
ton st., nearest Geary.
PROF. ARNOLD, MAGNETIC HEALER— ALL
disease successfully treated; rheumatism posi-
tively cured. Call or write 788 Stevenson st.
Mrs. c. Sanchez, artistic hair-
dresser and manicure. 614 Pine st., room 7.
LAI RA DE FORCE GOKD-iN. ATTORNEY
at law. 1236 Market, over J. J. O'Brien's.
METROPOLITAN I ETECTIVc. BUREAU,
l'l Parrott building, over Emporium; offices. 540-
-541: hours.? a m. to 12 r. M.; tele. Mint 1471.
1 l\(\(\ CARDS, $1 50. SHOW CARDS. KTC.
IUUU Tel. Black 141. HILL. 22% Geary su
£>| A DOZEN— FINK I'ABl.Nj.Ta ii' Vvi^-
t£)X SON'S nailery. 1028 Market.
-97 MONTGOMERY SI., BRANCH OFFICE
' '— . 1 Tut Call; want ada and subscriptions
taken.
L ARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAG \ZINE
I and Newspaper Illustration: particulars an to
terms, etc- 424 Pine st- ; Illustrations :uruigned
for magazines, newspapers, etc,
ARTISTIC H AIRDKES^ING, 25c: $25 FOR
-■"»■ cases of hair failing; or dandruff i cannot core.
MRS. HUBBARD. 1104 Market st., room 28.
ni'PTUKK AND PILES CURED: NO PAY
It until cured: send for book. DRS. MAN*
HELD & PORT ELD. »33 Market, st.
MAGNISCOPE — NEW PROJECTING MA-
i'l chine; uses the klnetoscope nituit: price $250.
BACIGALUPI. 943 Market St.
\\r ALL PAPER, 4C A ROLL: PAPER HANG-
« » Ids;, painting. etc, by contract or day's work, at
yonrown pnee. N.E. MERIGAN. 1302 Webster st
L>IG OUTDOOR STEREOPTICON SHOW EVE-
X) ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts.; artistic ad-
vertisements in living light: promoters of busi-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market st.
ELECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM:
Winchester House. 44 Third su "r. Market: '
100 rooms. Vic to 91 10 per night: $1 60 to $6 per
week ; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
IVOKCj-. JkSD ANNULAIKNi" of AIAK-
DIVORCr. AND ANNULAIKNi.' Oi- MAR-
riage; terms o( payment, oblurinc: legal every-
where. Address lock box F, 9u(5 Market St., S. F.
( CLOAKS, FUKS A.\ btlTa KETAILKD Al
VJ wholesale prices. Factory. 211 Sansome ac
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. (LARK, THIS WORLD'S MOST
'amous medium of modern times. Don't fall
to see her if you are Interested in the affairs of life;
if marriage, sickness, deaths, changes, travels, di-
vorces, separations, lawsuits, business transac-
tions, wills, deeds and mortgages, lost or stolen
property, lost or absent friends. Interest you: if
you care to know what you should do to be snc-
ce*3tul, where you should go and whom to avoid,
when to buy and sell stocks, etc.; In a word, what-
ever may be your trouble, suspicions or desires,
call on this gifted woman and she will send you
away happier, wiser and bolder than ever before.
Hours it a. u. to B p. if., strict. N. B.— Satisfaction
guaranteed by mail. bend stamp for pamphlet,
special terms. MRS DR. F. CL a RK, 1206 Mar-
ket st.. parlors 25 and 26. Take elevator.
cnc. 60c- 50& 50c.
O\J Remaining 2 weeks only; the famous, worlt-
renowned Miss Van de Vere will foretell your fu-
ture, guide your affections and secure you infallible
luck In love courtship and marring? business
and mining Investments a specialty: positive proof
of accurate predictions given. 1 Fifth St., room 1.
MME. DR THOMAS. SCIENTIFIC RE VF.AL-
er by eggs and cards; tells entire life, past,
present, lutore; consultations on all affairs; noth-
ing excepted; names given: good advice; sure
help; restores lost lovs by sympatny; mistake Im-
possible: fee $1 : letter $2. 929 Post st., nr Larktn.
MISS MELVILLE, WELL-KNOWN CLAlR-
voyant, 51 Fifth .->t.; water readings a specialty.
GYPSY LIFE-IEADER REMOVED TO 3
Seventh st , nr. Market; ladles 25c, gCnts 60c.
ALICE FAY. MEDIUM AND MAGNETIC
healer, permanent 128 Seventh su, top flat.
MM. . LEONA RETURNED: CARDnEADER;
l'l magnetic treatment. 99J Market, room 3.
MME. MORKAU. BES r CLA ' RVOY ANT AND
medium in city: fee 25c up. 784 Howard st. '
MRS. B. BAUMANN, BEST-KNOWN CLAIK-
-I>X voyant In the city. Residence. 132 Turk st.
MME. RAVEN A READS LIFE FLUENTLY: I
business advice: names given; 25c up.s Fourth !
ME. NEOMA, CARD-HEADER; PAST,
present an 1 future; 25c. 131 Fourth St.; sat-
isfaction guaranteed.
MK. SYHILLK TELLS FROM CRADLE TO
grave; pictures given ; Indies Vsc: 1»14 O'Fnrrell.
ME. WALTERS OK IEHAMA: CARI)>- LA
di»s. 25c: gents. aOc. 951 Mission, nr. 6th.
ME. LEGKTTE. CLAIRVOYANT AND BU*
advice; 25c: one 1 rice. 311 Tehama, nr. 4th.
VI ME. H AN SEN. PALMl»t7caRl>-RKADER;
1»1 past, present and future: 25c. 148 6:b. r. 5.
i—^— —^ i»^^^^ '
SPIRITUALISM.
MME. OSMAN. SPIKITUAL TRANCE MEDl-
urn; life readings, love affairs, business invest-
ments, mining speculations spccl.ilty. 838 Mission.
\i ADAME (RAY, THK WONDERFUL MAG-
i" netic healer, wants a few more patients. 142
heveuth sl, room 33.
MME. YOUN(i,TEST CIRCLE TO-NIO HT. 10c,
i.'X 418 McAllister st. All sceptics Invited.
BSI - FULION. MATERIALIZING SEANCE
ui to-night; 60c: sittings daily. 31 Fell st.
M..&. Mayo steers, trance medium,
has resumed business; readings* 1. 112V4Oak
DP. AD .IE SWAIN, FEMALE SPECIALIST.
circle. Sun., Wed, and Friday. 61 Fifth st.
MRS. H.LLIS. MEDIUM; SITTINGS.9 TOB. $1;
circles Tups,, Fri.. tr. jr.. 25c. 833 Valencia.
VI KS. H. A. GhI*FIN— CIR. SUN. EVE.: 25c:
Ml parlor-test mtg. Thur. eve.; stgs- 426% Grove.
MRS. J. J. -WHITNEY. CLAIRVOYANT,
trance test medium & life reader. 218 Stockton
AM. FRANCIS, INDEPENDENT SLATE
• writer. 118 Hal-h' st-: hours 9 until 6 v it
HYPNOTISM.
THE LIQUOR. MORPHINE AND CIOAR-
Xette haiii. also nervous complaints, cured by
hypnotism. Pror. ». A. l> Y,l3u Eills,r.2.i-30
HYPNOTISM SCIKNTIFICALLY TAUGHT-
success grtd.HTpno;lcM»sm»Tlclns.6 O* Far re.l
LOST.
T OST-AT - MECHANIC? LIBRARY, tJM*.
JjbrJlH F'inder return to library or ieweirv-
store. 732 MarKet st.; reward $2 50; no questions
LOST-BADGE: CALIFORNIA SCHUETZEN
XJ Cl iD, 1890: .a morlcMii flat and ihiPin
Liberal reward to Under at SO? Mont Jw ry Vt!
BRANCH OFFICE OFTHK CALL. 187 NINTH
si.; want ad. and sutscrlpttons taken. '
BUSINESS CHANCES.
Q 1 Onn OLD-ESTABLISHED AND WELL-
Ol'-VJU. known saloon; half block north of
Market st.: this place is elezantly fitted up and
well stocked: must tie sold, as proprietor but other
business which requires his time: every lnvi-sliga- \
tion allowed. STENBKRG <£ CO., 632 Ma ket st.
ffijO-n BEST PAYING OUTSIDE ROUTE IN
<S)UO\.f. this city: «ood horse and wagon; no
experience necessary; positively clears $l!;0 a
month: week's tiial given. SIKNBERG «t CO. t
632 Market st.
HIGHEST CASH PRICI-s PAID FORFURNI-
-LL ture. restaurant, saloon fixture* anil grocery
stocics. SI'ENBK co.. 632 MarKet St.
flt4^o S ALO )N AND LUNCHHOUSK;
<lp -TO l ', prominent corner in wholesale dls-
tric ; finely fitted up and doing good business.
STENBi-.RG A Co., 632 Market.
P'.RTNERW \NTED!N A CASH BUSIN RSS|
must be able to g ve good reference: no others
need apply. S3 Mxih St., im. 18, THOU AS it «J 1.
THO~r. WHO ARE SKEKING BU>IN ss
places It will pay them by cat, ing on THOMAS
<fc CO., 33 sixth st . room 18.
*ftOO WILL BUY A FINE SALOON; A
<iTUWV/ good location; ilolns: a gi-od business;
will bear mvestlga.lon. 33 sixth st., THOMAS &
CO., room 18.
ft%(lS IlLBO?4 L -DOING-HOUSE OF
i&OOXJ 16 rooms clearing $60 a month. 33
hi.tth St.. room 18 ■
ROCKIIY AND BAR; 4 ItOOMS- PRICK
$2<JO. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
OjOX.-k STATIONERY, CANDY AND NO-
ipOUKJ tion store. DECKER. 1020 Market St.
dO « FIRST-GLASS RESTAUR-VNT-
Hp±£O. H C. DEC'KKK, 1020 Market
ALL TO-DAY— $375 WILL SECURE AN
old and very extensive business; i?r<r.t sacri-
fice: actually worth 000: hig cleared over
1 350 a month for 5 years: prospects were never
better, being facts wh ch investigation will posi-
tively prove. Particulars of SICK ELs, 620 Mar-
ket st. ___^
(D. I r(\ PARTNER WANTED IN LI .HT
«I>i OW. indoor business; Immense prirlts;
plenty of work great chance for small in vest-
menu 9 Geary st., room 2.
C- I OHO WANTED— Vb INTEREST IN GOmD
ttjpl\J\J\J gold-mining cuiim: money to haul the
ore 10 be milled. 1359 Stevensou st. ; hours, 7 to
10 a. m., 6 to 7 p. m
PARTY WOULD LIKE TO PUT A LITTLE
X money into some business, manufact _' or
otherwise, as partner. Addn si S., box 14 J. Call.
darties wanted in paying sT-
X loon: recently opened; will bear investiga-
tion. Room 12, 33Mxihst.
OrrOKAGE WAREHOUSE, $.00 INCOME PER
C? month, must be sold. Call 1396 Market s\
for particulais.
pi ENTLtMAiM PARTNER WITH SMALL
VJ capital wanted by a ladv. ll«i .->ixth St., rm 2.
SALOON AND 10 ROOMS; MtJbT BE SOLD
to-day. 235 Thira or 249 >tevenson st.
ALOON FOR SAIE: A BARGAIN; ON AC^
0 count of leaving city. 515 Market st.
PARTNER WANTED WITH SMALL CAPI.
J tal ; no fake. Address J. J., box 46. Call Oflice.
% 3 0 0 A L °° NEAR PRINCIPAL MAR-
<jTOUV/. ket: cheap rent. For Information ad-
dress 6. P. WILSON, 431 Greenwich st.
pIGAR-STANJ); ROOM FOR EMPLOYMENT
V- office aud basement; freu first month. 539
California st.
GENTLEMAN PARTNER WITH SMALT,
capital wanted by young widow. 207 Post. r. 8.
"I UNCH- HOUSE AND SALOON FOR SALE.
JJ cheap. Apply Call OUic-.
fisinOn great business chance to
«jp J.WV/. buy a mam f uring plant at half Its
value; no other one on the coast; beautiful line of
KOi'ds used by everybody; large factory: low rent;
tool*, good 1.1, orders, all no in: owners gold"
East. Hardware, box 20, Call Office.
%1 Z\(\l} FOR SAL * OK EXCHANGE FOR
•JT J U\J\'. city property, old-established harness
business In San Luis ohispo county: it residence
Is wanted $4600. Address W., box 60, Call Office.
PARALLELED INDCCFMKNTS FOR IN-
' Vr-ston in good told mine. For particahirj call
U. H. FER.NS, 450 Townsend st.
C7Xf\ A LOON -OLD ESTABLISHED:
<T I OV'. selling 8 to 10 barrels beer weekly.
LEMKK & CO., -65 Third st.
A NIMATOSCOPE— PROJECTING LI V T NO
-A. pictures. Animatoscope, 933 Mrku, 7th floor.
GENTLEMAN PARTNER in ATTRACTIVE
VJ aud refined young lady. 1 Fifth St., room 1.
QOnn GOOX) EXP.. BUSINESS. STAND
fjp^,\J\J . sw. corner Eighth and Market sis.
I^OR SALE-OLD.fcSTABLISHKD SALOON"
X and house on account of tlckneas; cheap. 250
Spear st.
L'OH SALE— GROCERY AND BAR; 3 ROOMS;
X I reasonable. Cor. Fifteenth and I olores.
EXPRESS BUSINESS COR. SANSOME AND
Sutter sts. J. C. FUEDEHICKS.
TJEAUIIFUL SAN RAFAEL; Tl-K OLD-iiS-
J-> tabllshed CENTRAL HOT L for sale on ac-
count or death: rare cnauce. Apply to proprietor.
GROIERY AND BAR, WITH 6 LIVING-
VT rocms; kept by present owner 12 years. Si-
cor. Tweuty-slxth and Bartlett s^
PHEMX RESTAURANT. 2130 FILLMORE
X St., for sale; $150: trial given: cause disagree-
ment of partners: see the cook.
: :
CIGAR- STAND AND LAUNDRY OFFICE •
good location; low rent. 210 Gran: ave
OLD-rSTABLISHED CANDY ROUTE AND
\J wacon. Address L. PFEN .\lNGtirt, 28 rage.
BRANCH BAKERY WITH O TSIDK CUS-
tomers for sale. cor. Bush and Pierce sts.
TAILORS— A GOOD CHAXCIi TO BUY A.
X good merchant tailoring business, with or with-
out good* and trimmings on hand, or half Interne
for a goo I cutter and tailor; located about thirty
miles from San Francisco; sickness cause of si -
ing. Owner can be seen from 10 to 2 o'clock, sun-
day, February 8, 1897, at Brooklyn Hotel.
CITY ROUTE FOR SALE. APPLY THIS
ofllc.".
Or.O£ MISSION — SUBSCRIPTIONS AND
Z.U—\J want ads taken lor The Cam.
CjVOn BI YB HwTtL AND B vlt: Rh.NT
W'-W .$l2. 2521 Twenty-iour;h st., near
Potrero ave.: car stops.
LU-E BASEMENT SUITABLE F<>R ANY
X business ; one block from Market. 15 Grant avo.
lATEST CARFENDKR PATENT: BEST IN
-1 vention. Apply 623 Golden Gate ave.
"VTEWSPAPER ROUTE I.v INTERIOR CITY
X\ close to tan Fraucts.o. For particulars apply
this office.
OOQ HAYES-BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
*J*JO i all: subscriptions and want ads taken.
LODGING-HOUSES FOK SALE.
On- ROOM HOUSK ON MAUKETST $1400
OU 22- room house, only $ 400
27-rooni house *7t'O' 12-rooin house. . . $50U
It -room house.. 150 24 rooms, corner. 750
66 rooms, cor... 3,000 14 rms on Sutler. 70J
11 rs., niusi sell 20 | t6 mis, best city .3,501)
H. «'. l>K K R. 1020 Market Bt.. opp. Fifth.' J
\ fi;kmtcke fob SALE.
AMON'r Y-U.\JslNi; .-ALE- 30 DAYS ONLY
tedruo-u sets, 3 pieces %$ 5a
Solid oak dining chain 75 C
4- room furniture outfit $67 At*
Brussels carpet, laW 65cyari
SHIriKK i. sHIREK, 717 Market at-. oppjiiw
Grant ave.
A LL KINDS OF HOUSEHOLD GO>DS, MaT-
Jr\. tresses, chairs, tables, crockery and classwaie
sacrih\'d Cheap; pa. ly moving away. 2 111 9th.
401) CARPKTS: CHAMBER e>K ,s. Ill:
I\J\J stoves. $5 ;,, parlor tets. S2O: loldins-beU '
flO: bar outfits. T. D. MCCARTHY. 764 Missioa.
AT L. J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH. FOK
lowest prices on household (roods: uewr or god
us new: cas . or on time: open evenings.
OR FURNITURE 4 «.R 5 ROOMS,
complete for housekeeping. 633 N.itoma st.
FUR.iTURK. Sl-UVES, CARPETS. COUN-
ters. showcases. ANDERSON, 1121 Mar«et.
FURNITURE WANTED.
IF YOU WANT UOOU PRICi-.S FOK FURS I-
tnre and merchanalse see BURD, 211 L&rkln.
TTIGHER PRICK THAN ANYWHERE
XX hr lnd\an« Auction C0.1067 MHrket.or> D .Jon«i
CARPET CLEANING. '
CITY STKAM CARPET CLEA^aNTrWORK^
cleans, moves, lays carpets. G. H. STEVKNdi
tatr. 38 and 40 l.ighth St.; telephone South 250.
l.y HEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
*» poor work send toSPAULDING'S PloneerCar-
pet-beating Works, 353-57 Tehama at. ; tel. So. 40.
A DVANCE CARPET-CLEANING CO., 402
■n. butter; tel. Main 394. GEO. WaLi OM, crop.
J WATTS, reliable carpet-cleauiiig renovM;. alter-
. atiun works. 409 McAllister, el. Jtssle 321. j
/CARPETS CLEANED & RENOVATED LIKE
V^new. 23T>nth; tel. couth 3a Mackintosh it Co.
JE. MITCHELL, CARI'ET-CLEANIN(» CO,
. 24014th su: cleanln; 3c a yard. Tel. Mis. 7 1.
CARPET-CLEANING. 3c: LAYING, 3c: Hl''*
\J samples free; tel. Jessie 944. Stralton, 19Sta f~
CO.>KI.IN'S CAKPn.'l'i Iib.ATINU \VUr;K*
V 3ii3 Golden Gate ave. Telephone Kast 1-tiiHOUSES TO LET.
0 ROOMS. BATH AND LAUNDRY, ON 12TH
- sl.: 7 rooms bath and lautidrv*, on Glen Park
ave.,- large yards front and rear, attractive loca-
, tion, sunny, o.oan. in good repair; rents very low.
DEM 1'- lr.H, 36 Glen Park ave.. off Twelfth su
£» i(\ 1731 BROADWAY, NEAR GOUGH— 8
'. ■ IV'. 100ms; every convenience; marine view.
' 1)11) TENANT^ 1 JKCTEI); $3. SMITH
. J) collector, 14 Jic.v Ulster st., rooms 10-11. '
TJTiTJ 2814 JUAOITNA: HOUSE 6 RQOM& ~
t^Ji Ah $16—1835 Union: corner; 4 rooms.
914-o-IKSS Uniou; 4 rooms.
C BOOMS; S3Bb sKCOND ST.: $15 PER
0 month. Key ut 339 second st.
.7hoOMS; 5378 SKCONI) ST. ; $17 PER
I month. Key at 539 Second st.
,-. ROOMS; NEW HOUSE; MODERN IM-
1' provements; 4j Federal s.; $15 per month to
I desirable tenants. .Key at 539 .-eco:id su
HOUSt.J> 1O 14KNT FOR VKRY LITTLE
money at UaLUWKV a. HAii^u^K'Ok Id
JUnniromerv m
COTTAGES TO LET.
QTX NICE COTTAGE; 5 V.OOMS: BATH:
' VX«J. sunny: yard; cellar. Key 711 Treat ave.
."VTEWLY FURNISHED COZY COTTAGE. 6
.> rooms and bath: S'JO Baker su; rent $35 to
responsible party without children.
X-ROOM SUNNY COTTAGE: LARGE OAR-
*J den: Cblckeo-bousa; modem Improvements;
° rent $i6 60. 317 Clipper St., near Ca«iro.
S7 AND $9; COTTAGES: 3 AND 4 ROOMS;
♦? » good order. Apply on premises, 945 Bryant
..or li. K. OMBSE.N ,V CO.. 14 -Montgomery «C
* • FLATS TO LET;
4. ROOMS, BATH, ETC.. TILED SINK. DOOR-
'S; opener, etc.: 4 rooms and bath, second floor;
.3 room-, laundry, large yard! for flowers, case-
ment, etc: all sunny; locution very attractive:
rooms clean: rents very low. DEMPSTER, SO
r '"Glen Park ave., off Twelfth st.
A COS A GARDINER, 411 MONTGOMERY
J\ su— l7o7 Powell st.. opn. i'luza; very sunny;
large yard; six rooms: rent $'-'S.
IOVKLY NEW SUNNY FLAT OF 8 ROOMS
'Jj and bath:' lar-re yard and storeroom: Deautl-
ful view; select neighborhood. -115 Hyde st.
'URNISHED FLAT: 2 BEDROOM?, KITCH-
-7T en and par. or: rent only $14 per month. Ap-
- ply 615 Second st.
<g 1 9 LOWER SUNNY FLAT. 3 JANE PL.,
*_ X—.. oft' Pine, near Mason, >» ob Hill, 110 carfare,
HANDSOME SUNNY, NEW, 4iKC.OMS : ALL
modern; cheap rent. 2927 Sacramento su
(B»"I C 14251.2 SACRAMENTO NR. HYDE—
tU-- X . Flat, 5 sunny rooms and bath.
' 8 ADELAIDE P. ACE, (IFF TAYLOR NEAR
O Post— Mce 4 room flat. $14.',; -'" •
FpOTHE RIGHT PARTY— I CAN SELL A NEW
X collage of 4 rooms and bath on terms of 1 50
cash and balance monthly. K. M. LONG, 3-07
Twenty-second st., corner Mission. Office open
.evenings after 7:30.
<■)- HERMANN, COR. MARKET AND VAIi-
—«J encia— Flat; 6 rooms and large basement.
17<LAT OF 3 ROOMS TO LET; $10. 342 Me-
J A; lifter st.
D»11 4 ROOMS, LARGE YARD. 1017%
,O XI. Union st., bet. Jones and Leavenworttu
ill ft GKAKY— 6 SUNNY ROOMS; IN GOOD
I'JtOorder; rent $18.
"V"l.\V SUNNY UPPEK FLAT: 4 ROOMS: 8176
X\ 'Jsth, cor.Folsom. J. A. ULRICH.4I Crocker bl.
4-ROwM FLAT; FEDERAL PLACE. OFF FED-
era! st.: to a tenant without Children; $10 per
month. Key at 539 second st.
'/>HEAP MODERN FLATS, t> AND 6
\J rooms. $8 to '$16: see them. 623 Seventh st.
C*l AND $20: MODERN FLATS, 5 AND 6
0' O rooms. 91 aud 96 Belcher su, near S. end
lillmore.
•Ql 1 LOVELY SUNNY FLAT 5 ROOMS,
C* X *T. bath and gas. 3928 Nineteenth sU, beu
NocanJ Sanchez.
ipLATS TO KKNT FOR VKRY UTTLK
J money at BALDWIN cc HAMALONi/d, 10
c jicntjromery si.
.■» WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— THIJ
i V WEEKLY CALL. In wraDr>er. for mailisK.
■. • HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
liusH Sireec.
Y>9l BUSH — FURNISHED OR UNFUR-
''— 1 nlshed rooms; light housekeeping or board:
•single $6.
.. Castro Street. . - .". .'. .
I[)X CASTRO, REAR— 3 NICE SUNNY
"1 hard-finislied rooms, unfurnished; large
yard; cheap. , ,
Eddy Street.
1 17 EDDY— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
i- 1 I rooms ior housekeeping; running water,
bath, etc.: cheap
VI C EDDY— I SUNNY REAR SUITE FOR
<-J-C housekeeping, 811; also single, $5.
i-ilis, Street.
Q99 ELLIS — ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
O—-1. housekeeping and single rooms; reasonable
Of)(> ELLIS-2 FURNISHED HOUSEKEEP-
«-)~U ing rooms, with bath; reasonable.
9Qf\ ELLIS— 2 S ALL ROOMS FURNISHED
*JO\J for housekeeping; in lear; cheap.
i mh Street.
£9' FIFTH-CLEAN, FURNISHED HOUSE-
« , —«J keeping: 1, 2. 3, 4, $7 up; single, i; 5.
'OM FIFTH— 2 SUNNY FRONT HOUSE-
■,OII keening rooms; stove; closet; bath; no
■children: $10.
JOOI FIFTH— FRONT ROOM AND KITCH-
' ttZ.Oa en furnished for housekeeping; Ist floor.
Howard Street.
Z.f\A HOWARD — SUITE HOUSEKEEPING
OW± rms, first floor, neatly furnshd ; also single.
Lacuna Street.
QAA LAGUNA, NE. CORNER OF McALLIS-
■ V*t\t ter— Sunny housekeeping rooms, wltn or
without bus stove.
■ ' . Larkin Street.
Ql Q LARKIN— FRONT ALCOVE ROOM,
1 J-O with kitchen ; also back room and kitchen;
single.
.u 111 ij.i >troe..
AOr. MINNA, BET. FIFTH AND SIXTH—
" OO 5 unfurnished rooms; also cottage.
P.ACZ MINNA— FIRNI.-HED SUNNY ROOMS
*Jrx\J fur housekeeping; large yard.
Mission Street.
QCQ MISSION— NEW FURNISHED HOUSE-
CO*./ keeping rooms; also single.
Montgomery Street.
k, R97 MONTGOMERY, COR. CLAY — OPEN
*-'— • until 9:3" o'clock: branch office or Tee
. C all; subscriptions and want ads taken.
-Nittoinit Stree:.
CCX ATOM A— l SUITE HOUSEKEEPING
*J*JO rooms; 1 single room: rent $20, $4 month.
u_
>iuiii Street.
• I 901 NINTH— FURNISHED ROOMS
,0-^.C 2 for housekeeping; single or double; rea-
sonable terms.
i'ollt street.
• O NICELY FURNISHED ROOM«, COMPLETE
O for housekeepm'.-; price $22. 221 Polk st.
' . fcixtii H mo..
."I 1C A SIXTH, COR. MINNA- 3 OR 4 FIXE
X It) sunny rooms, furnished complete for house-
keeping, with use of piano.
"I 94 SIXTH— HANDSOMELY FURNISHED
J Zi^i rooms for housekeeping; suites and single
rooms. ■ .
beventh Street.
. 0 SEVENTH— B HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS,
•' furnished complete. 2 beJs; no children under
12.
Shotwell Street.
9*l 7 SHOTWELL— 2 SUNNY CONNECTING
Z.X. I rooms furnished complete for housekeep-
ing; gas, bath, hot and cold water.
laytor. Street.
Ino TAYLOR ST. — SUNNY FURNISHED
J V/O housekeeping room's.
. # . Third Street.
t) A J THIRD— HOUSEKEEPING & SINGLE
tJV/1 rooms; double beds; $5 and $a
I/9 THIRD — SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
t -* *O rooms: complete: bath: «as: «2 30 week. .
Webster Street.
71 "I WEBSTER-SUITE OF ROOMS; Pa R-
.XJ lors and kitchen: furnished or unfur-
nished; gas and bath.
"Welsh Street.
ml WKLCH. OFF FOURTH— 2 OR 3 NICE-
Xl^'ji ly furnished housekeeping rooms; cheap.
•" - - "■
ROOMS TO LET.
Eddy Street.
m EDDY— NICELY FURNISHED ROOMS;
front and back parlor: reasonable rent.
00/l EDDY— LARGE SUNNY FRONT PAR-
00*1 lor, neatly furnished: rent reasonable. «
11l Q EDDY— K LEG ANT PARLOR FLOOR:
v'XQ uniurnished; bath; hot and cold water;
gfjod location.
f?€>9 EDDY — FURNISHED OR USFOR.
\JO~ niihi-d parlor suite: a so single; gas; bath.
tili* Street.
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 ELLIS — INCA.TDE'*-
cent lights In every room: reading-room, con-
taining daily papers: "smoking-room and ladies'
parlor; vpeti'all nlslit: rooms per nigh:. 35c to
$1 61); week-, $2 to $»: month. $8 to $30: fire es-
capes; elevator on office floor; annex of 65 rooms
now ready: hoi and cold water in each room; batUs.
rpHE RAMON A, 130 ELLIS. MRS. KATE 8.
Xll ART. manager— A quiet hnu*e: centrally lo- '
cated; newly furnished: elevator; hot & cold water.
SUNNY ROOM WITH CLOSET; USE OF
bath: rent $5. 72 i Ellis at.
Fifth street. ■
THE COSMOPOLITAN — SELECT FAMILY
ho:el: 100 Fifth st., cor. Mission; rooms
60c, 75c and $1 per night: $2 to $5 per week.
Franklin Street.
91 C FRANKLIN— LARGE FRONT UNFUR-
-I<J nished bay-window room.
Eighth Street.
OHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE. 28 BTH
kj su, near .Market; furnished and unfurnished.
i'oisom Streeu
09A FOLSOM ' NEAR FOURTH— FURNISH-
U-vea rooms: $1 a week.
i'ourth Street.
Ol C FOURTH— ELEGANT SUNNY FUR-
rJXKJ nishea rooms: single and double; $1 25 a
week and up.
Oburv Street. UfW
QT C GEARY— ROOMS: SUITE OR
O\*J single;' fo:dlns-beds if desired: reasonable.
- Golden. Gate Avenue.
VKAQ GOLDEN GATE AVE. — FURNISHED
XiJyJO and unfurnished rooms: private family.
Howard Street.' :;." :
f?9q HOWARD— NICELY FURNISHED SUN-
"— O ny rooms; single and double; gas and bath.
I 1 9Q HOWARD-CLEAN, QUIET, FRONT
XX — d rooms from $5 £0 up.
Hunt Street.
Ol HUNT ST., OFF THIRD— NICE, CLEAN
Ol furnished rooms: CO cents a week aud op.
Hyde Street.
7 HYDE — NICE ROOMS, SINGLE OR
4 double, for gentleman. -■ --; -
Jones street.
1 1 7 JONES— I LARGE AND 1 SMALL SUNNY
XX I room, neatly furnished; private; and $10.
''CM JONES— THE VAN WINKLE: NEW
— v i management; elegant tunny suites and
single: newly furnished: bath, etc.: $10 to s3o.
Kearuy Street,
A RLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY —
A Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first
class in every respect: terms reasonable.
"VTKW AVENUE HOUSE. 904 KEARNY ST.,
X> corner Jackson— single . rooms 15, 20, 25. 60
cents per night: special rates per week or month.
Larkin Street.
A 1 9 LARKIN — FLAT OF 6 ROOMS AND
"i i — bath for respectable people only.
•Ql 7 LARKIN — NICELY FURNISHED
Ox i large sunny front rooms.
1 Al Ql LARKIN— SUNNY FRONT ALCOVE
ivJCti room. $12; suitable light housekeeping.
Leavcmrunn street. .
101 7 LEA VEN WORTH— FURNISHED
lul I rooms; private family; rent reasonable.
Market Street. ' "■'_
1 f\ 9*: 'MARKET — NICELY FURNISHED
i- v/« t^snltrs or single, from $1 50 to $5 per wee*
XTOSKMITE HOUSE. 1045 MARKET- PER
X night, $35 to $1 : week, $1 60 to $5: families.
1 i;O0 MARKET— LAKGK SUNNY UNFUH-
-1— — O nishea rooms; suitable for offices or
dressmaking par.ors.
-"■■; • *.- ■ Minna Street. - "JB^BES
AQI MINNA. BET. FIFTH AND SIXTIT-
iOI Nicely furnished front looms; $6 a month
and ud; hut and cold water bains.-
Allusion Street.
HANCOCK HOUSE, 781 MISSION: SELECT
family rooming-house; $1 60 to $6 per week.
1 1 A« c MISSION, NEAR SEVENTH— COM-
-1 I'll) fortable room: $3 and $4 a month.
Octavla Street.
1 Af\Q OCTAVIA, COR. GEARY— TWO CON-
-1 rx\JO nectiag bay-window rooms or kitchen if
desired; $18.
OTarrell Street.
70 A O'FARRELL— v ICELY FURNISHED
I *- j parlors ; also single room.
Pacific Street.
pi BAND OPENING SUNDAY NIGHT-NEW
vJT Frpnklin House, 321 Pacific— Rooms fur-
nished or unfurnished: day, week or month.
G. PINELLI, Z. MINELLI, A. DONISELLL
I'owell street.
TIT ILLISFORD — 212-214 POWELL— NEWLY
« " furnished rooms.
91 1- POWELL ST., COR. GEARY: 1 LARGE,
— _•) sunny corner room; nicely furnished.
- second Street.
a 7 SECOND — WEBB HOUSE: ELEGANT
i furnished rooms. MRS. LINDSAY, Prop.
C 9 SECOND— DOUBLE R< OMS, PKR WEEK
'J-- $1 60 to $3; single, $1 to $1 50; per day 25c
and 50c.
iir SECOND— NICE SUNNY FRONT EMS.;
II t) $1 60 to $2 50 per week.
Silver Street.
QC SILVER — LARGE SINGLE BUNNY
00 front room; reasonable.
Mxtb Street.
191 S-IXTH — SUNNY FRONT SUITE OF
xOs rooms: reasonable.
OQ SIXTH — QUIET RUNNY ELEGANT
00 rooms: Ml conveniences; fireproof building.
19?: SIXTH— CHEAPEST IN THE CITY;
* — '' lurnished sunny front rooms.
9^9 SIXTH— LARGE FRONT ROOM, WITH
_'i_ fireplace: $6 per month.
Beventn. Street.
1 49 SEVENTH ST., GIRARD HOUSE—
Xrtd— gant .furn. suites, kitchen: also single rooms
Mock ton ■ill'esi.
THE EUROPEAN, 17 STOCKTON— FUR-
X uished suites from $4 10 $10 a week; single
rooms, $1 so to $3 a week; hot and cold water In
every room; baths: transient specWliy; tlevMor.
Sutter Street.
/19ft 8 UTTER. ML POWELL — HAND-
'X — U some'y newly furnished light, sunny
rooms and offices; bath: central; reasonable; ap-
preciated if seen by doctor.
Taylor Street.
1 r»q TAYLOR ST.-SINGLE ROOMS; »1
XXJO and $1 25 per week.
Tenth Street.
1 AQ TENTH-LARGE BAY-WINDOW SUN-
Iv»/ ny room: running water: with bath: suit-
able for one or two gentlemen: $10 per month.
ill in! ;S tree;.
17 THIRD (IMPERIAL) — NICELY FUR-
* nlshed rooms; quiet house; toaris.s specialty;
transient. .
TH RD— NICE FURN RHKD FRONT
room; suitable for gentlemen: $10 month.
• * . ' Valencl* Street
- QAI VALENCIA-1 LARGE BDNNY FRONT
Ptj'i: room; suitable for 2.
Vallejo Street.
I£l 1 VALLEJO - LARGE FRONT BAY-
J Oil window room: furnished; suitable for 1
or 2 persons. '
jkUacnllaneoua. .
SW. COB, SIXTEENTH ST., NEAR MISSION:
branch office of Tub Calx. Subscriptions and
want ads taken. ' ' .
HOTELS.
BROOKLYN HOTEL, 208-212 BUSH ST.,
x> board aud room $1 to $2 per day, $6 to $12
per week; choice rooms 50 cents to $1; suite
looms for family $1 to SI 50 per night: first-class
service; tree coaco. CHARLES MONTGOMERY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1897.
BOARDING AND ROOMS.'
1 Fi9A CALIFORNIA— ACCOMMODATION
1 •-' — " for 3 young men, with good board; terms
moderate.
997 GEARY— NICELY FURNISHED ROOMS
— — • en suite or single; first-class table; excel-
U nt service.
7"! POST— NICE SUNNY ROOM . WITH
'-*-'- board, suitable for two young men.
THE VICTORIA. NW. OR. CALIFORNIA
X and Hyde— Newly furnished rooms: suite or
single: first-class board; terms reasonable.
QI A BUSH— SUNNY FRONT BOOM AND
U I \J board in Spanish family.
A]O EDDY — LOVELY, SUNNY ROOM FOR
T; X £. a with board: $20 each: smaller room, $16.
QAI LEAVENWOKTH — SUNNY CORNER:
v_/V7J suites, single; excellent table: rales mod.
•"SO 9 van ness ave.— handsome fab-
*J\J~. lor sunny suite; board optional.
44 SIXTH ST.— THE MANCHESTER: ELK-
-1"x gant furnished sunny rooms; fine table board.
HOTEL BKRTLING. 714 BCSH-A FAMILY
hotel: references: ail modern conveniences.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
REFINED LADY WOULD LIKK ONE OR
two children to board: terms rousoziable. Ad-
diess P., box 10, Call Office, Oakland. . ■ .y-y.X
STORES TO LET.
AfcUTON & GARDIN KB, 411 MONTGOMERY
■""V. st — Basement 322 Montgomery ave., cor.
Vaiejost.; good location for p. umber: rout $15.
09Q PACIFIC. NEAR CORNER OF SAN-
*->— some— Handsome large store: rent very
cheap.
A 1 (A FOURTH-SMALL STORE WITH ROOM
tIXU In rear: low rent. Apply to G. H. UMBSEN
<£ CO., 14 Montgomery st.
ARBER-SHOP. WITH BATHS: ESTAB-
llshed 16yea»: $18 per month; key at 639
Second st.
Carpenter-* hop; $7 per month. 6He Boom st.;
key at 539 Second st.
umDlng-shop; $8 per month, 3 DeEoomiL;
key at 539 Second «t.
Corner store, 531 Second iu; 914 per month;
key at 539 Second st.
4 T LOW RENT— PART OF STORE AND
x\- basement. 324 Pos: st.
OFFICES TO LET.
MODERN AIRY CORNER SUITE; SUlT-
able professional or high-class trade. 410
Kearuy st.
49ft SUTTER— HANDSOMELY FURNISHED
— light parlors and offices for physicians or
demists; central; reasonable; appreciated if seen.
1 PL A Q MARKET - NEW, L • RUE, SUNNY
XO\JO front offl.'e-rooms; all modern.
EDUCATIONAL.
T UCKUAKDT'S COMBINED ASSAY OFFICE
XJ and School of Instruction (Incorporated);
PRACTICAL and INDIVIDUAL Instruction in
the latest improved methods in assaying, analysis,
electroplating. CYAN IDE proces*. etc.; SPECIAL
ATTENTION given to caieful a say and analysis
or ores, waters, etc. 26 O'Farrell 6t. : elevator.
A SCHOOL OF PHYSICAL CULTURE AND
JrX. Elocution, 1215 Ociavla St., San Francisco,
MISS ELIZA Mai KINTOSH. pupil of Professor
G. W. Bay ham, Glasgow, Scotland, and graduate
of the school or Oratory, Philadelphia, Pa.,
teacher, office days, Tnurs. and Sat. p. m.
H BALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST—
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, telegraphy, languages, English branches
electrical engineering; "JO teachers; 15,000 gradu-
ates; day and evening sessions; catalogue.
AYRES\ THE LEADING COLLEGE. 321
Montgomery at.: Individual instructloa la
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.:
Hie scholarship $50: low rates per week and mo.
STAMMERING, LISPING. ALL IMPERFEC-
tions of speech, positively cured: voice build-
ing, individual instruction: references from best In
California. PROF. R. s. DAVIS. 1508 Market.
QIC COMPLETE COURSE. SHORTHAND
<£)i.O. and typewriting (Pitman orGrahum) by
Eastern law stenographer; day or evening instruc-
tion. 1818V3 Post st.
TIEHL'S SHORTHAND AND CHINE
College, 933 Market su ; students trained; office
situations secured; lowest rates or credit for tuition.
lANO, VIOLIN. MANDOLIN. .GUITAR,
banjo, 50c per lesson. MME. PHOENIX, 622
Clay B-. room *0.
If LOCUTION AND DRAMA; I'EI.SARTK
XJ thoroughly taught; appearances arranged: 1 to
BP.M. OLIVE HOFF-SCHROiiDER, 299 Hydest.
BKLASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
XJ Private theatricals arranged: pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 6 and 12, 1.0.0.F. block, 7th and Mku
T7INGINEEIUNO SCHOOL: MECH.. ELEti,
XU civil, mining, \ survey, assay, archtu. X ray
taughv;es. 1864. A. VAN DERNAILLEN,723Mkt
SUBSCRIPTIONS AND WANT ADS FOR THE
O Call taken at branch office, 339 Hayes su;
open until 9 :30 o'clock. M
PANISH.FKENCH.Etc: Prof.DKFILIPPE'S
Academy of Languages, Post st;estab'd 1871
SINOING; PIANO; PARIS GRADUATE;
French, German languages: $2 mo. 109 Taylor.
LEO COOPER'S SCHOOL OF ACTING, DaNC-
Xj Ing, voice, pantomime, stage. 814 Geary su
BANJO, PIANO, MANDOLIN' AND GUITAR
thoroughly tanght; lessons 50c 125 Tenth sl
PROF. L. RANKIN — VIOLIN. MANDOLIN,
mandola;terms reasonable. 225Geary,nr.Powell
GUITAR, MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAi.
lessons, $3 mo. Mary Westhaus. 39 Fifth.
OOOKKPNG. WRITNG, ARITHMTC. GRAMR,
I»dav Anight: nocia<srii: $5 month. 846 Mission.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AT SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.'S ONLY WILL
you find a stock of new stein way pianos
PIANOS SOLD AT SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.*B
JL on very easy payments.
THE BEST PIANOS OF EVERY GRADE,
I- from bteinway down, can be found at SHER-
man, CLAY & co.'.«.
"l\rilY PAY RENI' FOR A PIANO WHEN
»T the same monthly payments will purchase
one at SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.'S.
OCR RENT CONTRACT PLAN ENABLES
every family to have a line new piano. SHJiK-
MAN, CLAY & CO., Krarny and butter sts.
A CTUALLY THE BEST BARGAINS IN
■r\- pianos; see our Ist lor this week: pianos on
$3, $4, $5, $6. $7. $8. $9, $10, $15, $20 monthly
payments: fine stool and cover with each; deliv-
ered free anywhere in the city and kept tuned by
expert concert tuners. The F. W. SPENCER CO.
Salesrooms, 933 Market st., opp. Mason.
A CSOLUTELY THE OLDEST AND LARGEST
XV house west of Chicago Is KOHLKK &
CHASE'S. 26, 28 and 80 O'Farrell st. : pianos, or-
gans and all other musical instruments, or all
grades and price*; ■ terms easy: prices lowest-
everything {JOsslbla done to please and satisfy tnj
customer.
BON A FIDK REDUCTION IN PRICES—
Haines, Knabe, Bush .fc Oerts and others; sec-
ond-band pianos from $100 up. W. c. Hamil-
ton, successor to A. L. Bancroft <fe Co., 324 i ost.
A DMINISTRATOR'S SALE — MU>T SKLU
•x pianos at immense reduction for cash or on
lus ailments. EATON ESTATE, 735 Markeu
GOOD UPRIGHTS $125, *150 AND $175-
-square $65: call soon. MAUVAIS MUSIC
COMPANY, 769 Market st.
BARGAIN — FINE LARGE UPRIGHT-
cheap. BCHMITZ, 16 McAllister St., next to
Hlbernta Bank.
(SHU) A GOOD 7-OCTAVE UPRIGHT; FINE
tjpOXJ. condition; $51nstullmts.221Leavenworth.
HOKNUNG'S PIANO; MOST PERFECT-
brilliant and powerful tone. 216 Post st.
WO. BADGER. SOLE A« ENT FOR HALLET
•A Davis and Francis Bacon pianos. 415 Sacta
<5« I 0(\ A .WALNUT . UPRIGHT. STOOL.
t£!X\J\J. scarf. Bruenn's Piano-house, 228 Post.
A SHAW, STEINWAY $250. CHICKERIXG
$185;great bargains; s4 mo. Hj£INE.I36
BYRON MALZY, 308 P^ST ST.-s»OHMER,
ewbv <t Evans. Briggs and other pianos.
SUPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS, OLD* NEW
O H. MULLER. maker, repairer 2 La-.ham placa.
: HORSES. ' .
A(\ HORSES FOR ..SALE; ALSO WAGONS.
" u buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Hors»
Market, 327 sixth sU: auction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN & DO* LE. Auctioneers.
'THE EMPORIUM BALKS YARDS. 220 VA.
X lencta su, Is the place to golf you want to bur
tell or exchange bones, buggies, wagons or har-
nets: auction sales every Saturday at 11 o'clock.
'A HEAD OF HORSES SUITABLE FOR ANY
O\r business from »00 to 1500 pounds. Old Turk-
s' cr stables, 1801 Turk; must be sold.
CAA SET NEW AND bKCOND-HANb HAH-
O\J\J ness; all kinds; bnggy.wagon, carts, surrer
*rockawav. 40 cheap horses. 15th and Valencli.
CA HEAD DRIVING AND WORK HORSES;
O\J weight 1000 to 1700 lbs. 862 Howard st.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
VfEW AND SECOND-HAND BAKER, LAUN~-
Xi dry and milk-wagon; also tine top buggy and
rockaway. 828 Harrison bL .
"* MEDICAL.
A SURE. SAFE AND SPEED* CURE FOR
all female diseases; ladies may have the bene-
fit of the skill and attention of a physician of long
and successful practice. . A home in confinement
with b. st care, with the privacy of a home and the
conveniences of a hospital. Those who are sick or
discouraged should call on the doctor and slate their
case. All consultation free and confidential, sole
agent Rex Magnus, the great world-ienowed rem-
edy for home treatment. MRs. DR. gWVKK.
226 Turk su .
R. J. H. JOSSELYN. THE GREAT SPECIAL-
-Ist, still offers his valuable services to the un-
fortunate. With a mind matured and enriched by
studies of an advanced order, there Is hardly a
disease in the catalogue of human ills he cauuot
treat to a feet cure. Ladles, ha Is always ready
to assist you. His Knowledge has been strength-
ened by extensive experience. No case peculiar
to your dellc organism Is beyond bis sura con-
trol. Hi.i female mont remedies are sure and
safe In their effects. His tried and valuable reme-
dies far lost manhood are never-failing In their
action, and are warranted tor both youn< and old.
He excels all other* i 1 cure of private diseases.
Over 50 rears of practice enables him to warrant
a cure in all cases. Consultation parlors. 906
Market st. Call or write direct to BU6 Markets:
rooms 11 and 12.
LL CASES OF MONTHLY SUPPRESSION
(from wbntever cans restored in- a few
hours; safe and sure at any time; instant relief for
travelers; home In confinement: best care and
privacy: regular physician; 30 years' successful
practice: my celebrated remedies for monthly
suppression never fail: medical electricity for ail
fema c- comp'aints: every case guaranteed; con-
sultation free, confidential; hour* 10 to 6. MRS,
DR. WYETH, 916 Post St., near Larkin.
A PROCESS THAT IS PERFECTLY HARM-
less: never falls In any case of monthly sick-
ness, no motter what cause; co electricity hum-
Dug or other dangerous methods: money In every
case refunded if a cure is not effected: travelers
helped Immediately; years' experience: home In
confinement with sanitarian convenience. Con-
sult free the only reliable physicians, DR. AND
MRS. DAVIKS, 14 McAllister st., next Hibernia
Bank: hours, 9 a. m. to 5 and 7 to 8 p. it
A iROCESS THAT NEVER FAILS TO RE-
XX store every case of monthly sickness front
whatever cause in a few hours when medicines
and others have failed; no instruments used;
many years' experience: every case guaranteed;
advice free: terms reasonable; first-class private
home for confinement. MRS. Dm. DAU£\, lliSi
Market su, over the Owl Druz store.
ANEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU-
ment or worthless pills used; every woman
her own physician for ail lem ale troubles, no matter
from what cause: restores always in one day ;can be
sent, and used M home; all rases guaranteed ; do
not trust Incompetent female physicians. DR.
POPPER, the we.l-knowii pioneer, 318 Kearay su
DR. FOULET-'S FRENCH CAPSULES - A
guaranteed absolute curs for all female dis-
eases (no ma:ter what cause): positively safe and
cure: no danger or after effects; taken in time It
also acts as a preventive; price $1 60 per box;
sent free by mall on receipt til price. ALLfc.il
BROS.. 33 Grant ave.
R. AND MRS. WEGENER, 526 EDDY ST.;
private home with every comfort: separate
rooms before and during confinement: all female
complaints skillfully treated; regular physician;
quick relief for tiavelers: best care-, terms moder-
ate; consultation fre«: pills $2. ;
Its! GOODWIN. SPECIALIST: LADIES.
near or far, safe. qu:ck cure guaranteed: any
disease or complaint; home for patients; best skill;
free diagnosis; low fees; self cure. 401 Van Ness
ave., fiat D.
AT THE PEOPLK'SONE DOLLAR MEDICAL
Institute all cases treated and medicines fur-
n-sned for SI; call or write. 1029 1 / 2 M rket su,
beu Sixth and Seventh," San 1 ranciscu, Cal.
DR. AND - MR* RAY — SPECIALISTS IN
female, diseases; irregularities restored with-
out fall; no Instruments; safe and sure private
home: Infallible pills; regular physician. 51 Fifth.
QXAA PAID FOR A CASE I FAIL TO CURE
«IP«JV'V/ of female complaints or diseases of the
eye; consultation free- MRS. DR. SCOTI,S2S Geary
DU PKAK'S FEMALE REGULATING PILLS;
safe and efficient emmenaKOgue; $1 per box.
RICHARDS <£ CO..druggists. 406 Clay st.,soie agts,
A LPEAU'S FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TO
A ladies with female troubles; no danger; safe
ai;d sure; $2 60 express <'. O. I).; don't delay until
too late. O*GOOD BROS., Oakland, CaL
DON'T FAIL TO CONSULT Dlt. JORDAN AT
his museum, 1051 Market st. : bis 30 yean
successful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment;
the worse cases treated satisfactorily by mall.
SF. LYING-IN (PRIVATJ.) HOMK; DIS
. eases of women and children. 235 Kearny,' r. 9.
HOME. A FRIEND AND MOTHER'S CARS.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Eighth st.. Alameda,
1 F IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE DISEASE
Xsee MR.-i.Dii. PUKTZ and becontenU Vb4U j{ 4tU.
1 R. HALL, 14 McALIJSTEK STREET. NEAii
XJ Jones. Diseases of women and children:
■ DENTISTS.
DR. J. J. LEEK. 1126 MARKET ST.: OPEN
. evenings; Sunday 1 till nooa. .. ":.".'. ...
1?ULI, SET OK TEETH. $7: WARRANTED 6
J years; painles* extraction: see our new com 1 in »-
tlon plate: thinnest, lightest, coolest plate made-
warranted 10 y.ars fillings. 50c; crowns, *3 .0.
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS, 24 Sixth stree:.
I jMRST-ULASS DENTISTRY; CHEAP: P^Y-
r able $1 week. - CHAPMAN. 16th and Mission.
POSITIVELY 'PA LESS EXTRACTION.
X DR. HARDING. 600 Sutter: Id. main 5375.
pHALfAST A CHALFANT. MOVED FROM
\J 8 Mason to 119 Powell: bridi;ework a specialty.
COLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. BOU iIAU-
\J ket at. DR. CHARLE* W. DECKER.
q«7 A SET for teeth- warranted A*
«JP • good as can be made: filling $1. DR MM its,
dentist, 930 Market, st., next. Baldwin Theater.
PAINLESS EXTRACTION. EOc; CROWN
X bridge work a specialty: plates $5 up: lSyeari
experience. K. L. WALSH. D.D.S., 815% Geary.
T\R. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 MARKET ST., NR.
XJ Eleventh; no charge for extracting when
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set: extracting 60c; gas given.
SET Oil' TEKi'H WITHOUT A f tAiX UK.
O H. G. Young, 1841 Polk su
CROOMK DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 759 MAR-
\J ket, beu 3d and 4th;- gas specialists; pa inlets
extracting, with gas, $1: plates. $5 up. fill. $1 p.
DR. WJKO&ttK W. LEEK. TdK HkJCUIKM
Leek deniisu discoverer of painless extraciloa
and patentee of Improved bridge work or teeth
without any plate, moved from «to lOo'KarrelU;.
ALL WORK REASONABLE AND WAK-
ranted. US. J. W. KEY. 1122 Market au
FOR SALE-MISCELLANEOUS.
Q;7K NEWS-CAN MILK WAGON. APPLY
«3) 10. LA CUAPELLE & LOISELLE, 3401
Mission at . •
CHEAP CASH REGISTER. APPLY CUR-
\J TIN & BEALS, room 24, third floor, Mills
building. . ...
I7IAMILY HORSE, PHaE.ON AND HAR-
X7 ness for sale, cheap. 1212 Golden Gate ave.
THOROUGHBRED HARFORD COW: VERY
X gentle: 14 quarts a day. 3-38 Encinal ave
Higb-sl. station. Alameda. *
ST. BERNARD PUPS; PRIZE; PKblOßEE-
stock: sire, champion. Grand Master; dam,
first prize, Beauty; 1 perfect color and markings!
3121/4 Fulton st.
\TEW WOOD RANGES ARE THE BEST.
il W. a RAY MFG. CO 12 California su
B OILERS.ENGINES.-.'D- HAND MACHINERY
X> water-pipes. Mclntosh & Wclpman, 137 Beats.
pARS,.BACK BARS, MIRRORS, , SHOW-
I ' cases, counters, linoleum, office furniture,
store and office furniture and fixtures, new and
second hand. J. NUONAjn', 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission s. , above Sixth. •- •■; -
BARS, -SCALES, MIRROR^, FRENCH
ranges, etc.. bought, sold. JiKKK, 1118 Mission,
NATIONAL CASH REGISTER, GOOD OR-
1> der; also large folding-door safe. 8 Mission st.
COFFEE MILL. SCALES. LETTER PRESS,
\J stand desk, money till, safe; cheap. 102 Clay.
I^ARS, SHOWCASES, COUNTERS. HHELV-
X> ing, etc., tought and sold. 1063 Mission. nr.7th.
ONE SMALL MEDIUM. AND LARGE-SIZE
fire and burglar proof safe. 109-111 Market s-
:•>> ■'••',•. ATTORNEYS-AT-LAW. •
ADVICE FREE: DIVORCE LAWh a SPEC-
laity; private; no fee without success: probate,
Insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale, deeds,
damages, etc.; private detective*; estab. 10 years.
G. W. HOWE, 850 Market st, corner Stockton st.
DVICE FREE; NO CHARGE UNLESS SUC-
cessful. W. W. .DAVIDSON. 927 Market si.
I) W. KINO, ATTOBNEY-AT-LAW, CHRON-
t. lclt build. tig: advice fiee: lowfe-s; all cases.
ADVICE FREE; NO CHARGK UNLESS BUC-
■fV cessfui. J. G. JEIFR' SS. 632 Market, rm.aH.
BICYCLES.
SECOND-HAND— 2 TANDEM-, $30 AND $90;
2 roadsters. $25 and $30; good a « new. Go. den
Rule Buzaar Bicycle Department, 25 Geary sL ; :
bTB.MINH BI«:Y«JLE, UsKD 6TIMHS.
XI for sale for $30 If sold at once. 516 Geary su
PROFESSIONAL' CARDS. !
JOHN E. RICHARD^ LAW OFFICES. BOOMS
J 'Mi and 27, Crocker Diuloiiitf; MUtiiuou* AUI4
75, ban Franusco, Cat "• : .^ '-. "" t ;, v,
JOHN K. AiTKEN AND MAURICE L ASH EH.
u auya at Ihw, rout 5.15, a 10. 5Ui floor, Parrot I DKU
" CITY ; REAL ESTATE.
CC. bemis, ""* ~~~— ■-— ~ ■-
• REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
324 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR SALE.
Choice building lot on Army and 27th sts. ; close
to electric road.
$450— Sun Carlos Villa lot: 100x150 feet.
$6700— 50x127:6 feet on Jackson »U, overlook-
ing the Presidio and bay. ;-;■■•
$6000—2 modern houses of 8 rooms each at
park: '.'6x137:6 ieet; electric road passes houses;
make offer.
18500— Elegant NW. corner of Cole and Carl sts.
f 300— Choice building lots north of park.
Bargain— SW. cor. Fifth av. and C st.: 109x95 ft.
Oil 1 fWI HOUSE OF 5 BOOMS; $1500,
0 J- lull, house of 8 rooms; $1500, cottage of a
rooms, within 15 m I. -lutes' walk of ferries; most
liberal teims. F. A. BERLIN, room 416, safe De-
posit building. '
$* 1 fin FOR A 4" ROOM and bath cut-
-I IUU tage with lot 25x100 on th..- Mission-
st. Electric line $150 cash. . balance $12 per
month. W. W. RED.N ALL, but der, 2312 Market.
dlzinnn '° R or exchange.
i&^yjVKJ. New cottage on 23d ave. East Oak-
land; 6 rooms and bath : high basement: brick
foundation; tmy windows; lot 5.x 160.
U. li. UMBSEN A CO
14 Montgomery st.
T/OK SALE ON EASY TEKMS-MUDEBN
X 1 houses on Masonic ave. and Waller st.: house*
contain salon parlors, dining-room, billiard-room
ami 6 large bedrooms, bath, kitchen and laundry;
rooms beautifully decorated; sun in every room;
see them to-day. Take Haunt or Ellis street car,
Let off at Masonic ave.: owner on premises.
LOS ANGKIES REAL ESTATE.
Ir>Oß SALE— I* LOS ANGELES. A CHOICE
■ business lot, on the easterly side of Spring
street, between Fourth and Fifth, adjoining hand-
some three-story bilck building of Los Angeles
Athletic Club. This lot Is 60 feet frontage, and
contains an area of 9900 square. feet, with existing
Improvemen s of a well built HO room lodcin.--
house. and a barn in the rear, and is offered for
sale on term* of part cash and remainder secured
by mortgage at moderate Interest: price $36,000,
about *3 63 per square foot, which is a lower price
than any pioperty of similar eligibility can be
purchased for. Address, The Investor, 4 Brysou
Block. Los Angeles, Ca'.
"suburban real ESTATE.
* LTA PUNTA TRACT; GEM OF THE BAY
» V District; 425 acres: subdivided; 3 mlies north
of Berkele-, 8 from Oakland; 47 minutes from
san Franc.sco; lots 50x^0U; from $100 to $200;
installments: send tor a map. UEOBQE W.
HAKiHT, 220 Sansome St.. 8. F.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE. "
C A HOUSES AND LOTS. FHOM?" '$200~TO
O\J $28,000: 100 ranches, everywhere, ,
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
QEND FOB OUR LIST OF OBCUAitli UOMKs
»J lor sale. WCIOSTKK & WHITToV. S.-»n Jose.
PROPERTY WANTED.
What have YOU to exchange for
equity In fine Oakland housa ? Prefer ranch,
vacant lots or good mining stocks. C. MONROE,
24 Market St., »an Fran<lsco. .
MONEY TO LOAN. ' !
a. — J.
A LOANS ON FURNITURE OR PIANOS,
. In 8. F. , Oakland or Alameda, at lowest rates;
without removal: no commissions; no delays.
J. NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission st, above Sixth.
telephone Jessie 41.
(Bjqnrj (\(\[\ AT 61 /fe PER CENT ON CITY
(JOUU.UUU real estate; also Oakland testates,
life insurance, second mortgages, any sum. Man.
hattan Loan Ca, 10 Mil building, ground floor.
HIGHLY RESPECTABLE AND PRIVATE
place to obtain the most liberal advances on
diamonds and Jewelry at the very lowest rates.
Baldwin Jewelry Store, 948 Market.
ANY AMOUNT; IST. 2D.-OB 3D MORTGAGES,
estates, undivided rests, real estate In pro-
bate; furniture and pianos without removal.
McCOLOAN, 24 Montgomery at., room 3.
A— PRIVATE AND RESPECTABLE, WITH
very light interest, Is the secret of our success.
Cut-rate Loan Office, Flood building, M)9 Market.
DIRECT OX YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO,
XJ no removal: no delays: no commissions; low
Interest. Rm. 68, Donobua bldg, 1170 Market s*.
ft-^9^ (iOn AX BANK BATES: IST AND
iS)iJ£O.V\J\J 2d mortgages, estates, rents, etc;
lend as low as $50. 11. MURPHY, 628 Markets'.
Vt'HY PAY HIGH INT. ON SMALL LOANS?
'» We loan At 66c Interest per mo. on each $100
on 2d mortgage; any security. Gold, box 4, Call.
<n»F;oo,ooo ON CITY AND country PROP-
i£)Oeny: low rates. A. SCHLLLER, 420 Cala. st.
ON FURNITURE; VERY LOW INTEREST;
no commission. SCRIBNER, 7 City Hall ave.
I OA.Vs ON RKAL ESTATE; LOWEST BATE
I.' of luterest. JAS.B.B' OOKSJ, 214 Pine, r 58-59.
PKIVA i PARTY LOANS ON ANY GOOD
X security :!otv Interest. H.D., box 160, Ca1l OtHce.
VI ONEY TO LOAN ON REAL ESTATE: ANY
IU. amount. WILLIAMS, 214 Pine St., room 3.
«J>-/\ TO $50,000; LOWEST KATE: asTAiU
(S)O\J mortgage; fiat or lnstlmnt. Drrden, 635 Cal.
ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS. JEW KA.RY.KTU
-TV Columbia Loan & i ollateral Office. 9 i-rant ave.
LEGAL NOTICES.
"VTOTICE TO CREDITORS— FSTATK OFSOLE-
-1.1 DAD UND\ HEKRERA. alias deceased.
Notice is hereby given by the undersigned. A. C.
FREESE, Hdminlatraior of the estate of SOLE-
DaD UNDA HEBBERA, alias deceased, to the
creditors of, and all persons having claims against
the said deceased, to exhibit them, Kith the neces-
sary vouchers, within four months after the first
publication of this notice, to the said administra-
tor, at room 35, Chro .Icle building, corner of
Geary and Keany s. reels, the same being his
place for the transaction of the business of the sad
estate in the CUy and County of San Francisco,
State of California.
A. C. FRKKSK. Administrator of the Estate of
SOLE PAD UNDA alias deceased.
Dated a: san *raucisco, February 6. 1*97,
J. D. SULLIVAN, Attorney for Administrator.
"V'OTICE TO CREDITORS— ATE OF F. W.
Xi ST IN, deceased. .Notice Is hereby given by
me undersigned, a. c, FREEZE administrator of
the es ate of F. W. STEIN, deceased, to the credi-
tors of and all person* having claims against toe
said deceased, to exhibit them with the - necessary
voucher*, within lour months after the first publi-
cation of this notice, la the said administrator, at
room 36, Chronicle building, corner of Geary and
Kearny streets, the tame being bin place for the
transaction of the business of said estate In the
city and County of San Francisco, State of Call-
fo rnla.
A. C. FRF.ESE, administrator of the estate of F.
W. STEIN, deceased.
Da" nt Nan Fr»ncUco. February 6, 1897.
J. D. SULLIVAN. Attorney for Administrator.
NOTICKO. EXKCUTRIX'S SALE OF REAL
* Estate— Notice is hereby clvcn that, pursuant
to «n order of the Superior Court of the State of
California in and tor the County of Los Angeles.
duly given, made entered on 12th day of
May, A. D. 1896. and an order duly given, made,
and entered ib<-r*lu on the 3jih day of January.
1897. shortening time or nolle. In the. matter of
the estate of CIiAKLKS N. Ha SS< iN, deceased,
Mo. 1143 of the tiles and records of said court, the
undersigned, MARION K. Has.-on. as execa-
irix of the last will and testament of said
CHARLES N. HASSON. deceased, will, on or
after the 11 th day of February, A. D. 1897, and
within six months thereafter, sell at private sale
to the highest and best bidder ail the right, title
and Interest which said CHARLES N. MasNON,
deceased, had at the time of his death and whicn
said estate has acquired in and to thai certain real
proper situate in the City and County of san
Francisco, State, of California, and described a.
follows, to wit:
Commencing at a point on the southeasterly line
of Howard street, distant three hundred and fifty-
five (355) teet sou hwe.iterly from the sou:bwest-
erly line ot Fourth street, running tln-nc- south-
westerly along said line of Howard street, :orty-
flve (46) feet, ; hence southeasterly parallel with
Fourth street, eighty-five (83) feet, thence north-
easterly parallel with Howard street, torty-five
(45) feet, thence northwesterly eighty-five (Hj)
lea to the point of commencement, being a por-
tion of one hundred vara lot No. 130 of said city
«nd count:-. . "
And also that certain real property - situate In
the city of Los Angeles, county of Los An.-elea,
Slate of Callfor la, described as follows, to wit: •■
Lot nineteen (19). block D, Morris Vineyard
Tract, in said city of Los Ange.es. ' -
Lot twenty (20) in bock two (2), Washington
Garden Tract, la said city of Los Ange es.
Lot twenty-two (22), block two (-), Washington
Garden Tract, In s»ld city of Los Anxeles. • . .■;
And also the northerly sixty (60) feet of lot
three (3;, block seventeen (17), Ord survey of
the ci:y of Los Angeles, <ounv of Los An-
geles, State of California, and being the north-
erly half of said lot 3. now being tte property
of the estate of said CHA.;Li-.-> N. Has on,
deceased, • the said real - property 10 be sold pur-
suant to said order, and the same will .b<s sold in
separate lots, parcels or tracts, or parts of said lots,
parcels or tracts.
Tbe terms of said sale will be cash lu lawful
money ot the United States on confirmation of
sale, or one-third thereof in cash o-i confirmation
of sale, oue-lhiru on or before six months, and one-
third on or tut ore twelve months from th • d le of
sale, all deforrrd payments to be secured by sole
or notes and mortgage or mortgages of the pur-
chaser or purchasers on the real es'.aie sold, and to
bear interest at the rate of 9 per rent per annum :
that offers or bdd in writing will be received by
l he undesigned at the otnc*" of Walter Rose, Esq.,
entrance room '2, 238 W. Firs. s'_, Redick b oc*.
city of I os Angeles, county of Los A iigeles. state
of California, or Messrs. Eastou, Eidrwge <& Co.
638 Market St.. san | Francisco. Cul , for tbe pur-
chase of said property, and sa!4 bids may be lef.
with Waller Rose, Ksq., Messrs East on. Eldrlage
it Co. or the undersigned, nt 631 south Spring st.,
in the city of Los Angeles. Cal.
Dated this SOih day of January, A. D. 1897. -
MARION E. HASSON,
Executrix of the last will' and testament of
. CHARLES N. HASSON. deceased.
Walteb Rose, Esq., rooms 1, 2, 3, Redlck block,
Los .un les, CaL, attorney for executrix, or Eas-
ton, Eldridge <£ Co.. 638 Market st., San Fran-
cisco, or i 21 South Broadway, Los Angeiei.
Daied February 2. 1897- . . . . - .
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
WHY PAY CASH FOR LAND WHEN YOU
' » can buy It without, and earn it from the prod-
ucts of tbe land ?
At a value of $20 per acre we have 160 acres %
a mile from railroad and 3/4 of a mile ■ from New
England MIIU Station, and also 160 acres a: Rock-
-1 In, Placer County. These are all good tillable
lands and are adapted for the production of the
finest wine grape*. No payments down, but pur-
chast-rs rt- quired tn improve properties: Interest*
from date of purchase, payable annually in ad-
vance; payments on the par-has? money to com-
mence 4 years from date, payable in annual pav-
ments. to be Increased each year as the places are
Improved.
Also colony land— A tract of 3200 acres In Te-
hama County has been surveyed into 41-acre lot*
and will be sold nt 16 to $20 per acre on terms of
1-5 down, the balance 10 be paid in ten annual In-
stallments at 5 per cent on deferred payments. If
any one should wish to purchase the whole of this
tract It will be sold fur a small payment down on
the purchase price. -
These three properties were taken In on mort-
gaees. consequently are sold for halt their former
value.
EDWIN K. ALSIP <& CO., room 29, second floor,
Mills building.
PRODUCTIVE VINEYARD: RARE BAR-
X gain; would exchange. Room 70, Columbian
building.
BARGAIN— 28 ACRES CHOICE FRUIT,
hay, grain, winter vegetables. $25 per acre;
83 acres rich SOIL, 4 flowing nprlnga, *35 per acre,
near Pleasanton, Alameda County, lall or write,
69 Columbian building.
RANCH BARGAIN: $5 PER ACRE; 1280
acres timber; plenty water: excellent stock
ranch; best part of Kern Co. ii., box 20, Call Office.
LITTLE HOMES CLOSE 'TO TOWN; IM-
-Li proved; easy terms: also 4 to 12 acre pieces
on 8 and 1■• years' credit. D. H. TWING. So-
noma City; every Monday at 632 Market st.. s. F.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— v BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
"D ARE CHANCE FOR A NEW HOME AT A
-I-V bargain— We will build you a pretty cmiage,
with all latest modern improvements, on lot 2&x
104; sunny exposure; superb location; rigut in
heart of town: can select your own plans: for
$2750: 0n1y few hundred cash, balance In monthly
installments;. don't delay, as we can only offer
two of them at this figure. ■ WAI. J. DINGcE, 460
Eighth St.. Oakland. . • -.-. ; '
TOCKTON HOUSK AND LOT, 10Uxl00;\
rUht in town: $2000: for sale or trade for
Oakland house. C. K. KING, 902 Broad wav, Oak-
land.
ONE ACRE AND QUARTER AND 9-ROOM
house: Ei-st Oakland: very cheap; $3500.
C K. KING, 902 Broadway, Oakland.
MEW HOUSE; LOT 40x125; OUT PIED-
i.I mont . way: corner: $600 over mortgage of
$1110. C K. KING, 902 Broadway, Oakland.
O^/D PKR MONTH INSTALLMENTS:. ONLY
tJp—\J $50 down; 5-room modern house; lot 28x
100; Thirty-ninth st., Oakland. See C K. KING,
902 Broadway, Oakland.
(BJI HO CASH AND $15 PER MONTH WILL
t)£l-*t\J secure modern 5-room cottage and barn
on large lot; beautiful garden: Frulivale: price
$1250 if taken soon: cost $1750. SAMUEL &
KNOWLES, 481 Ninth st., Oakland.
CjOfjnn SPLENDID. COTTAGE, 5 LARGE
%iP^.\J\J\J. rooms; lot 40x128: s.reet complete;
lawn In front: fine barn and gravel driveway.
HUGH M. CAMERON, 479 Ninth St., Oakland.
ffI»7CTO $150 FOR CHOICE BUILDING
tip i.O lots in the town of jfltcbburg; a new sta-
tion established near Oakland, on the Hay ward -<
and San Leandro local line, by the Southern Pacific
Company; only 45 minutes from San Francisco
and 6 minutes from Oakland: electric-cars every
ew minutes; terms to suit buyers. Apply to
C. M. RUNKLU, owner. Wl5y 3 Washington st.,
Oakland. Cat.
OAKLAND ROOMS TO LET.
VEATLY FURNISHED SUNNY FRONT
-Li room, convenient to local train, by a widow
with own home. Address G., box 10, Call Office.
Oakland. - -
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENT
AI.AMT:»,\ li.fc.AL ESTATE.
A LOTS; 50x150 EACH: NORTH SIDE OF
tt tan Jose ave.. bet. Walnut and Willow; must
be sold; an oiler wanted. T. F. BAIRD, 3 3u3
Park St., Aiameaa. J&LT.T'hB
j. AROAINS-830 I'r R FOOT;LO TS ON NORTH
1> side San Antonio ave,, near Grand st.
51250-r50x150; san Jos«» ave., nr. Willow st.
$1750— BOxlijlJ. new modern house. 5 rooms
and bath;, norm side of street: muss be sold at
ones. • • • • ■ - ■
Many other sacrifices. ! ;••; L
ALAMEDA LAND CO..
•Us".- •;-• 1500 Park st., Alameda.
~~~~ \ PROPOSALS.
V^OTICE — NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN
-Li that I will on Monday, February 15, 1897, at 2
o'clock p. m., at the Courthouse In YnbaCity, Sui-
ter County, i a!., receive sealed p'oposali for the
surrender of bo ;ds issued on Levee Uistrict No. 1
of butler County, according to an act of the Leg-
is ature. approved April 9, lt*BO, to the amount of
eight thousand five hundred ($8500) dollars. No
bids above par will be accepted. All bonds must
accompany the bids. ■ L. J. cOPii,
t Treasurer of Sutter County, Cal.
YibaCity, February l, 1897.
>i.\i.i:i a«.i. LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses have been
Issued by the County Clerk's office:
O. M. Koenitzer and Magdalena Weiser. 30—20.
Patrick Casey and Nora Sullivan, 2j— 27.
H. F. Bruns and Catuerine Kettenburg. 31 —
Pasqiitle C remele;ind Carmele Levers. 29— 2><.
BiKlii^— MAKUiA(iES— l^Aliiir
BO UN.
ABRAHAM— February 4, 1897. to the wife of I.
Abraham, a daughter.
CLAKK-In this city, January 3, 1897, to the
wife or Milton S. Clark, a daughter.
ROSENTHAL— In this city, to the wife of a
Hosenthal, a daughter.
MAKRIED. ~~ ~ ~
BETZ-OECHSLIN— In this city. February 4
1897. by the Rev. F. Bonn. Louis P. Beta of
Berkeley, Cat., and Frieda B. Oechslin of Sau
Francisco.
BEVIS— McLEAN— In this city, February 4
1897. by tne Rev. William C. Pond, Joseph w'
Bevls and Margaret C. McLean, both or 6au
Francisco. .
DAGGETT-SHELDON— In this city, February
1897. at the residence of .G. A. liagget by
the Rev. Dr. E. R. Dille. W. Albertls" Da?geti
and Carrie Louise Sheldon, both or San Fran-
cisco. . .  '". j^JiJ
DOWIiR-CHAPMAN-In this citv, February 4.
18i>7, by the Rev. Dr. E. R. Dille, Joseph U.
Dower of Butter Creek, Cal., and Mae F. Chap-
- man of .^u:i Francisco. .
HUSON-QUIGLEY— In this city, January 27,
1897, by the Rev. Father Uleasoa. Charles L.
Jtuson and Lizzie M. Qulgley, both of ban Fran-
cisco. : . . . ' . : c -
LEA— MAJOR-Ia Berkeley. February ■ 1, 1897,
at the residence of A. O. Donogh. cousin of tha
groom, by the Rev. F. J. Masters, D.D.. John
Andrew Lea of San Francisco and Mildred Jane
Major of New Westminster, B. C. • :•
REITZ— HUGHES— this city, February 8,
1897, by the Rev. Dr. K. R. Dille, Wll lam Reltz
and Aunle Hughes, both or San Franciico.
THOMSEN— In this city. Febru-
ary 4. 1>97. by the Rev. C. Hoel, Christian
Tnomsen and Ane K. Andersen, both or sau
FraiKii >. . .
jja±;d.
Bacome, Catherine McCluskey. Elizabeth
Baker, Grant. W. . Marshall, John *.; ■
Demaitlm, Andrea - Mast, Charles W. i
Dennis, Margaret Molk. John H.
Douglass. Mm. N. S. Pampanin, L ieiar
Gilman, Cbarl-s E. . Roy, George E.
Goldsmith. Rosina Shedd, H«nry P. .
Gomez, John Sheridan, Theresa-
Green, Mary J. Know.Lydia J.
■Harris. Walter . S. one. Lewis C.
\ Hermann. Florentine r Sullivan, Daniel J.
Jorgensen, NUes Van Bergea, A. H. W.
Kehoe, G-oree W. ■ Verha^hen, AdolDh ■
Le to int. Thomas E. Vo^el, jiary '• ;•%
Llnd, Mrs. Felicia • '! Weinite, Christian "-
:.-;.-. Wiokley, Philip
BACOME— In this city, February 3. 1897. Cath-
erine, beloved wife of William . Bacome, and
mother of the late John Bacome. and mother-
in-law of Mrj. Mattte Become, ant aunt o
Lawrence Fitzgerald and Mrs. iVCarlyon, and
sister-in-law of Mrs. Robe i Alexander, native
of the parish of Thurles, County. Tipperary, Ire-
land, a^-ed 62 years and 11 mont
09*Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fu If invite i to attend tiie funeral. THl.s DAY
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock a. m m from her late rest-
deuce. 'iSO^l Clementina street, thence to St •
Patrick's Church, where a solemn- requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 :. 0 o'clock a. x. Intermen: Mount
Calvary Cemetery. . ' ..."
BAKER— In Stockton, February 4, 18-7. Grant
W." Baker, a u»;ive oi California, aged 27 .ears.
DEMAKTINI-Ib. Los Angeles. February 3. 1H97.
Andrea. beloved brother of Antonio and Ralpn
Demartinl, brother-in-law of Thsresa Demariml,
and beloved uncle of Lewis, Ralph, Alfred and
Eliza Demartim, a native of Genoa, Italy, aged
20 years 1 montb and 9dars. • v - - - - -
»j~Frieinls and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MOKivOW
(Sunday), . at- 2 o'clock p it.. »rom the par-
lors of laccheri <& Bacigatupi, 827 Broadway.
Iniermeu. Italian Cemetery.
DENNIS— In this city, Feb mar ir 3, 1897. Mar-
. garet, wife of tha late John S. Dennis, a native of
ire. and, aged 77 yean. *
DOUGLASS— In this cltr, February 5. 1897. Mrs.
Nancy S. Douglass, a native of Ohio, aged 79
' years, f Kasteru papers please copy.] , -
$3T Friends and acquaintances are respect- >
fully In vltedto attend the funeral TO-MORKOW
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p.m.. from. West Side
Christian Church Bush street, between Scott
■ME MMI MM ■llllOi|ll|.liliii*iri>'in'l II WWH ill T ' .ii ■ in mi,, i pJi.bi in
aud Devlsa'<erJ. Interment Cypress Lawn
'"emetery. by special train leaving Third and
Townsend streets at 3:45 o'clock p. ii.
OILMAN- In this cltr, Febru*r\- 4. 1897. at St.
Luke's Hospital, Charles K. Oilman, brother of
B. F. Oilman, a native of well. Mass , aged 58
years 9 .mouths &ui 12 days.' [ Lowe. l (Muss )
paper* copv. ]
Friends and . acquaintances and comrades
Of Uarfield Post No. 34. G. A. K., and auxiliary
-astocla. ions ars respectfully Invited to attenl
the funeral TO-MORROW (Sunday), at 2 o'clock
p. M., from Alcazar buildings Interment Na-
lioiai Cemetery. Remains at the parlors of
A. W. Martin it Co.. 118 Gear/ stree:.
GOLDSMITH— In this cl y, February 4, 1897,
llo>ina Go:d<mlth. b 'loved mother of Mrs. J. L.
Cerf and Moses, Lewis aut Helen Goldsmith, a
native of Franc-, aged 67 years.
JBf9~Friendi are reanecrmilv Invited to attend
the funeral TO-MOKROW (Sunday), at 10:30
o'clock a. m , from the par or* of Haisted it Co .
946 -Mission sires:. ruient Home of Feate
Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock a. m. train from
Third and Townsend streats. ■ > -- •
GOMFZ-In this city, February 5. 1897. John R.,
beloved son of J. E. and Catherine Gomez, and
other of Rosa L. Gomez, a ua.ive or Monterey,
aged 25 years. |Monerey and bauta Cruz
papers nlease copy.J
A3~Friends and acquaintances are respect- ■
fully Invited to attend the fun -ru, TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 8 30 o'clock a. it., from the par-
lors of J. L Godeau. 305 Montgomery avenue,
men e to the Church of Nu.-stra .-enora de
Guadalupe, where a high requiem mass will lu
celebrated for the repose of his soul, commens-
Ing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
GREEN— in this cltv\ February 4, 1897. Mary J.,
beloved wife of . the late James J. Green, and
motoer of Klir.i Green, a native of Ireland, aged
68 years and 1 month. .
43"Friends aud acquaintances ■ are respect-
fully inv'tei to attend ttiH funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 8:30 a. m., from her late resi-
dence, -.0 Perry street. tneiK» to St. Rose's
Churcn, where a requiem high mas* will ba
celebrated for the repose, of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock a.u. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
HARRIS— In this city February 3. 1897, Waltrr,
Delovel son or fciorge aoJ t arrle Harris, and
brother of George, a. arrie and Gracie Harris, a
native of San Francisco, aged 14 yeurs and 14
days.
HERMANN— In" Oakland, February 5. 1897,
Florentine, r.'lict of the late Phillip Hermann,
■ and Deloved mother of Mr-*. Albert Kay.ser. Mrs.
Fred Srcnaefer, Mrs- William Wank wskiand
Mrs. Henry Kaiser, a native of Herati'lj'e-on-the-
Weier, Germany, age l 75 years 3 mouths and
27 dav*.
Friends and acqnalntances are respect-
fu.iy invited to at: end the tunerul To-MOKi,O>V
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. ic . from the residence
of William WaukowsKi, 27271/6 Jackson street,
San Francisco. In ermetit 1. 67 O. I-. Cemeierv.
JORGENSEN— In this city, February 4. 1897,
Niies. beloved husband of Jo3ep:iliu''jor;ensuii,
and brother of Airs. H. H arisen of Saratoga, Cal.,
and Mrs. .1. P 'iilseu ol Paso Rooles. Cal.. a n.i-
tiva of Germany, -a^ed 34 years 7 months and
6 dnn.
£7* Friends ' and acquaintances are rettpec:-
full. invited to a tend me funeral TO-MOKROW
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock p. m.. from his late resi-
deuce, 25 Maple court, thence by electric-car* to
Cypress Lawn Cemetery for inter.ue.nu
KKHOE— In this city, . February 3, 1897, George
W.. youngest and beloved son of Margaret J.
and the late lonn W. Kehoe. brother of .May,
Martin, John, Cecelia and Thomas Kelioe, anl
nephew of M. F. Kelly, J. Powers and J. F.
Kehoe, aged 5 years and 8 months. ■
A3" Friends and acquaintances are respnet-
Invited to attend t.ie funeral TO-MOKROW
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the home of
hia mother. 3535 seventeenth s reet. near Guer-
rero. Interment Mount Calv cemetery.
Le COUNT— In New York City, January 81, 1897,
Thomas Elliot, son of the late J. J. and M. A.
Le Count.
LIND— C ofF.— Officers and members of Twin
PeaKs Circle. No. 102. C. of . F. : You are hereby
notified to attend the funeral of our late com-
panion, Mrs. Felicia Lind. By order of,
MRS. E. MOSBY, C C
Miss Crawford, Flu. Sec.
McCLUSKEY— In this city, February 4. 1897,
Elizabeth, beloved wife of Dennis McCluskey.
and mother of Susie, John. James and Edward
McClusker ana Mrs. John T. Fitzgerald, a na-
tive of County Cork, Ireland.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fu.ly Invited to attend me funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 8:31) o'clock a. m., from her late
residence, 925 Dolores street, thence to St.
James Church, Tweuty-tuird and Guerrero
streets, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock a. it. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
MARSHALL— In this. city. February 3, 1897,
Joan C. Marshall, a native of the West India
Islands, aged b8 years 8 muntus and 28 days.
MASS— In this city, February 5. 1897. Charles W.
Mass, beloved son or Sophia Mass, brother of
Anna and Emma Mass of St. Joseph. Mo., and
cousin of John Beck of San Francisco, a native
of St. Joseph, Mo., agdd 38 years.
MOLK— In Alameda, February 8, 1897. John
Henry, dearly beloved son of Mrs. Marga.-etia
and the late John Henry Molk, and oruiner of
Mrs. Annie Toil, a native of san r'raucisco. aged
24 vears 4 months and 12 days. '
Friends and scanalntances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TOMORROW
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from hit late
residence, corner St. Charles a:id sa:i Antonio
streets near i-.noi.ial station. Alameda, thence
by 12 M. creek boat to Native Sons' Hall. 414
.Ma -o.i siree.. where services will be held at 1:15
o'clock p. ii , under the auspice* of Sau Fran-
cisco Parlor No. 49, N. t. . G. W. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
PAMPANIN— In this city, February 5, 1897.
1 seiar, dearly beloved sou of Mr. Pelleerino and
the late Murlanua Pampanin. and brother of
Augusta, Lou su., Americo and Emma rani
panlu aud Mrs. J. Hralda. a native of aim Fran-
cisco, aged 13 yea» and 27 days.
iSsyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fu y Invited to attend tne funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 10:30 o'clock a. m., from his late
residence, 1616 Dupom stro-i, near Filbert.
Interment Holy Croa Cemetery.
ROY— In this cil/, February 4, 1897. George E.,
beloved husband of Julia A. Roy, and father of
Susie, George Alexander and Fannie Roy, a na-
tive of at. Louis, Mo., aged ; 0 years and 8
months. ■
£2" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the iuneral THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m., from his lat9
residence. 359 Brannan street, thence to Bt.
Rose's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock a. u. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery. Omit flowers.
SHE DD-In this city. February 5, 1897, Henry
P., beloved husband of Kline M. Snedd. and
father of Waller A. Snedd. a native oi Boston,
Mass., aged by year* 5 months and 10 days.
SHERIDAN— In this city, February 4, 1897.
, Theresa, beloved wife of James Sheridan, a na-
tive of County Longford, Ireland, aged 26 years.
Jo9~Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock a. m., from her late resi-
dence, 1217 Devisadero street, thence to Holy
Cross Cuurch. where a solemn hlgn mass will
.bo celebrated for the repose or her soul. . Inter-
ment, Mount Calvary C<smetery.
SNOW— In this city, i-ebruary 4, 1897. Lydla J.
Snow, a native of Missouri, ugod 61 years 3
mouths and 23 days.
STONE— Lewis Charles Stone, born at Water-
town, N. Y., Augu«t 19, 1829: died at, Gndley,
Cal.. February 2, Ifc97.
aa~The iuneral will take place THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock a.m., from the par-
lors of Carew <S English. 41 Van S?a avenua.
SULLIVAN— In Towles, Placer County. February
H, 1897, Daniel J.. beloved husband or Julia
• fulllvan, father of Jerry J.. Daniel, Kdwurd and
John F. ■ £>ul.ivau. and brother of John J. and
Jerry Sullivan, Mrs John O'.Neil and Mrs. Fen-
ton of lowa, a native of County Cork, Ireland,
aged 51 : years. [Boston (Mass.) papers please
copy.]
X9~Frienrls and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited toaitond the funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m.. from the res-
dence of his brother-in-law, John O'.VeiL 3464
seventeenth street, thence to Mlsilon i olores
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will t>t»
celebrated for the repose of bis soul,- com-
mencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
Van BERGEN— In this city, February 4, 1897,
August H. W., dearly beloved husband of Mar-
garnt Van Bergen, and father of Emma,
Harry and Lily Van Bergen, a native of Ger-
many, aged 59 years 9 months and 15 days. A
member of Hermann Lodge No. 127, C. and A.
M.. California Lodge No. 1, LO. O. F., and Pa-
cific Council No. 8. O. C. F.
JB«f-Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
full ••• invited to a. tend the funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from his late
residence, 7-0 Capp street, between Twenty-
second and Twenty-third. interment Masonic
Cemetery. ■
VERHAGHEN— In this city, February 5, 1817,
Adolph, deany beloved huabana of Pauline Ver-
nanhen, and father of George. Jeanette and Ma-
thilda Verhft a native of Belgium, aged 45
years 8 months and 8 (lavs. A member of Pa-
cific council No. 8, O. C. F.
WFrl'-uds and acquaintances are reso»ct-
fuliy invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock p. m.. irom hi* late
residence, 232 Dore street, thence :o >t. Joseph's
Church for srr vice j. commencing at 2 o'clock p. it.
luiermsu; 1. O. O. F. Cemetery.
VOGKL— In this cl v, F. bruary 4.1897. Mary, be-
loved wife of the late Jacob Vogel, and mother
of August and Louis Yo?el and Mrs. John J.
Co;. on. a native of Haden, Germany, used 60
year. 8 months and 11 days.
. . Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from her late
residence, 40-36 Nineteenth street, near Castro.
Interment Holy Cross v emetery.
WENDTK-In this city, February 4, 1897, Chris-
tian Wendte a native of Germany.
ay i:enini..s at the parlors of Charles J. B.
Metiler. 636 Washlngtoa street.
WINKLEY— In this city. February 4, 1897,
.Philip W. \\inkley, a native of Biden, Ger-
many, aged 63 years and 10 months.
49* Friends and acquaintances and membenof
the Draymen's and Teamsters' Union are resptct-
lullv Invited toate.i i the uneral TO-MORKOW
(Sunday), at Si o'clock p. m., from the lodse-
room of Burns Lodee No. 68, A. O. U. vv., Al-
cazar build ni:. oi O'Farrall street. Interment
Masonic Cemetery.
' . McAVOY A GALLAGHER, T
FDNERAX DIBKCTORS ft EMBALMKRB
XOVltth St., Opp. Lincoln School. . .
' . Telephone 3080. -
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY.
SAN MATEO COUNTY: NEAREST CEMB.
tery to the city; non-sectarian;^ uo sense
elusive; location unexcelled. otUc« HWi -»>■-«
ttxeet, MUtaeaat corner »• biita. -•
1314
SCOTS WILL
HONOR BURNS
Caledonians Donate a Thou
sand Dollars for a
Monument.
OTHER FUNDS IN VIEW
THIS YEAR.
The Proceeds of Clnb Games
Will Go to the Monu
ment Fund.
IMPORTANT COMMITTEES ARE
APPOINTED.
Every Member cf the Order Is in
Earnest and There Is Hope for
the Enterprise.
There was a largely attended and en
thusiastic meeting of the Caledonian Club
at Scottish Hall last night, the special ob
ject of the meeting beinc to take ateps
toward raising a fund ior the Burns mon
ument.
After a brief discussion, the resolution
of T. C. Lawson was adopted, providing
that the net proceeds of all games and
gatherings for 1807 be devoted to the
Burns monument fund. The resolution,
heretofore published in The Call, recites
that the building of a monument to
Burns in this City would be a credit to
the City and State, as wellaa to the Scotch
residents, showing that the people of the
far West appreciate the genius of the im
mortal bard.
Mr. Lawson's resolution was unani
mously adopted, following which it was
resolved to appropriate $1000 forthwith
for the Burns monument fund, the money
to be set aside from any funds now in the
treasury.
A number of communications from
sculptors and monument - irakers were
read and placed on tile, also a hearty let
ter from Judge Edward A. Belcher, who
slated that he would be pleased, at the
proper time, to contribute to the monu
ment fund. The letter was spread on the
minutes.
"We have met to act rather thsn to talk
to-night." said Chieftain McNeill, "and 1
think it is proper for us to show our in
tentions by getting into shape to do prac
tical work at the earliest possible moment.
The whole world honors the memory of
Burns, and the genius of mankind has
revered his contributions to literature. I
am proud that this band of Scots is so
active in be naif of so noble a cause as the
building of a monument to the memory
of h:m so dearly boloved in every clime.
1 am ready to announce the Burns monu
ment committee, winch will have charge
of the enterprise for this year."
The following were appointed on the
committee: D. R. McNeil], John Reid,
George Davidson, James ri. Duncan, J.W.
Cameron, D. A. Ma'.donald, Colin M.
Boyd, J. F. Kennedy, Angus McLeod,
Charies A. McPbee, James McNab. John
M. DuncMii, William Nicol, F. F. Finlay,
John McLaren, J. E. MacCormac, Angus
Graham, T. C. Lawson, Robert Suther
land, J. W. Harris.
In view of the fact that the net profits of
all games and gatherings for the year will
go to the monument fond, the personnel
of the committee in charge becomes in
teresting. It is as follows: D. R. Me-
Neill, John Reid, George David?on, James
H. Duncan, J. \V. Cameron. Angus Mc-
Leod, Peter Mclmyre, D. McPnee, James
Gorie, W. R. Eaton, George McDonald,
D iniel A. McDonaid, William Mitcnell, fe.
McGregor, Thomas H. Carroll.
The chairman announced the following
additional committees for the year:
Finßnce— T. C. Lawson and R. S. Falconer;
property— Peter Molntyre, Hector 11. MeDon
nld and James McCormac; literary affairs
\V. C. Cook, Archie Keid and George P. Wet
more.
Committee of judges— Daniel A. McDonald
(chairman), Arcnie l)uncan, John A. McDon
xld, D. J. McFarland. James T. McDonald
Neil McLean, John A. McLeod, Alex McCor
iDKck, James A. McKay, Dan McLean, Joseph
McCornack, Peter Miller, John T. McDonald,
Walter Reed, George Dingwail.
Reception committee— John Reid (chair
man), \V. C. Burnett, n. Ohisholm, Colonel C.
L. Taylor, Captain J. H. Bruce, General J. G.
Wnlls, Colonel Thomas McGregor, Captain I).
McKechnie, James Aitken, John Smith, Thos.
W. Bethel. Nell Carmichael, A. R. Camp
bell, Charles Na«n, John Mallon, Dr. Georee
Adam, Kichard Grato. James Miller, William
Urquhart, John A. Ross.
It was the aentiment of al! present that
Iheworkof raising the monument fund
should now go on without delay. En
couragement has been received from all
persons approached on the subject, and
the best energies of the cluo this year wiil
be devoted to achieving the purposes out
lined in the movement to build a moiiu
mentto the poet of the human heart.
NEW TO-SAT. "^V"
i you ®@®SXg(SXS)®®SXS®®®®®®®® ®®®®®®®®®
I YQU I
I CAN j
j " BANK j
g On the new standard of excellence; for '97. I
§ They're calculated to lessen the demand for. 1
@ the higher priced sort. ■ ' i
P Jackson Square 1 1
I """""I s^Cigar=5 c : FT: 1
irinro'TffTroTrcTro'TjnroTrffT^
w STRICTLY CUBAN HAND MADE. §
1 RINALDO BROS & GG M I
RINALDO BROS. & CO.,
1 ' PACIFIC COAST AGENTS, \ I
300-302 BATTERT STREET. S
§300-302 BATTERY STREET. *
THEIR SONG WILL
BE, "TOO LATE"
A Novel Service To-Morrow
at the First Christian
Church.
Talented Young Ladies to Assist
in the Impressive
Function.
An Illustrated Parable Will Be Pre
sented With the Aid of
Special Music.
A novel performance will be given at
the First Christian Church oft Tweifth
street to-morrow night.
The young ladies of Mr?. Lydia F. Luse's
Sunday-school class will give the illus
trated parable, "Too Late." The church i
will be darkened, and the "five wise vir- !
gins" of the gospel parable, in their trail- j
ing white robes and carrying lighted i
lamps, will come from the back of the
church, and, passing over the platform,
will disappear into the adjoining room
and the door will be closed just as the '
"five foolish virgins" arrive only to find it i
is indeed "too late."
The end of the parable is almost trasic,
for the girls seem to entirely lose their
identity and become in reality the foolish,
foolish virpins. According to the pastor
the representation will almost Undoubt
edly convey the lesson it is intended to
teach.
The singing is very effective, and both
the pastor, Dr. I'ord, and Mrs. Luse may
well be proud of their pupil?. The ''wise
virgins" will be impersonated by Miss
Jessie Miller, Miss Lillon JagEer, Miss
Leah Greenwood. Miss Irene Spencer and
Miss Anna Bihr; the foohshones by Miss
Ciarissa Norton, Miss Nellie Norton, Miss
Gussie Stoltz, Miss Priscilla David and
Miss Lela Graff. The uscer?, contrary to
the usual custom, will be yonne ladies,
i as follows: Chief usher, Miss Frances K.
j Luse; the Mi-?es Anna Pressley, Josi
-1 phine Ashford, Clara Pressley and Henri
• etta Coburn.
Following is the order of services: Sub
ject of sermon, "Infallibly Sale"; illus
trated sermon, "Too Late"; voluntary,
marches and accompaniments by Hurt H.
Howard; music Jed by the quartet cho
rus, supported by a full chorus, under tiie
leadership of Chorister Mrs. Ella Jacobs.
Bicycle-Holders on a Car Line.
The Market-street Railway Company has
issued a notice that commencing to-morrow
the cars of the Sacramento-street line will be
equipped with bicycle-holders. Bicycles that
can be sately carried thereon, not exceeding
two to any car, will be taken at owner's' risk
for a 5-cent fare. Transfers to other lines can
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1897.
THE FIVE FOOLISH VIRGINS AT THE CLOSED DOOR.
not be given for bicycles. Tandemi and other
bicycles, for which the holders are not suit
able, cannot be carrird.
RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT.
The Junior < In-, of the lair College
Deplores Judge Slack's Prospective
Retirement.
The junior class of the law college has
drafted the following resolutions of regret
upon the prospective resignation of Judge
Slack as dean and professor of law in the
colleee:
Whereas, It has come toour knowledge that
the Hon. Charles W. deau and professor
of law of the Hastings College of the Law, has
resigned the said position In said college; and
whereas, we hold his character as a man in
me highest esteem, and fully appreciate his
thorough and extensive knowiedgec>i the law,
his ability as an instructor and his uniform
courtesy to nil, therefore be it
Rr.ttn : ved, Tht»t we hereby express our sincere
regret that he hus resigned the position which
he has so faithfully and satisfactorily filled ;
be it further
Resolved, That we extend to him the pro
found respect and best wishes of all the mem
bers of the junior class of this college; and be
it further
Rcxolve'l , That an engrossed copy of these
resolution* be presented to the Hon. Charles
W. Slack.
Committee— Jooeph T. O'Connor, Harry P.
Brown, Edward I. Coffey, C. W. Cross, John T.
Williams.
All persons interested in the question of
CONVICT LABOR coming in competition with
free labo- should attend the mats-meeting to
night at Metropolitan Temple at 80' clock under
the auspices of the Manufacturers' and Pro
ducers' Association. Good speakers ■will ad
dress the meeting. •
THE ''INS" REMAIN IN.
Three Directors Elected by the
Masonic Cemetery Asso
ciation.
The Opposition Voted lor a Full New
Board, and Will Carry the
Case Into Court.
The contest between the "ins" and the
"outs" of the Masonic Cemetery Associa
tion resulted, upon a casting of the vote
Wednesday afternoon, in a distinct victory
for the -'ins" — that is, the present admin
istration.
The question at issue was as to the elec
tion oi three directors at thU time or a
full board ot nine.
The "ins" in their action follow the law
of 1858— the rural cemetery act — under
whicu the association was incoroorated,
which requires that the directors be
elected for three years, but that the terra
of tlm c of them expire every year and be
filled by ;i;i election. This has been the
course since the incorporation. Oppo
sition to it being raised by certain persons
interested this year, the advice of Ex-
Justice of the Supreme Court M. H.
Myrick and Charies L. Patton was sought,
and tiiey declared that the statute of 1858
still eoverne<i.
The opposition still protested, however,
delaring that the State Code repealed that
law. They set up a full ticket of nine di
rectors, and declared if their votes were
not counted for the nine they would carry
the matter into the couris.
The relative strength of the "outs" and
the "ins" was tested by a vote on the re
port of the committee on proxies early
yesterday afternoon. The committee was
composed of Frank VV. Sumner, Charles L.
Patton and A. H. Phelps. They reported
against nearly ninety proxies on the
ground that they did not represent full
lot?, which alone entitle the holder
10 a voie; that the joint owners of lots had
not all signed the proxies, and for other
such reasons which seemed to them good.
The vote in favor of the report was 5<J7,
against 313.
The ticket of the "ins" for the three di
rectors carried the names of Thomas
Kyle, George J. Hobe and F. W. G.
Moebus. It received the 5G6 votes.
The opposition ticket was as follows:
Aaron Doud, Charles Bone, Joseph Klop
ens:ine, J. K. C. Hobbs, G. Howard
Thompson, F. W. G. Moebus, E. M. Koot
W. F. McAJester, W. B. Bradbury. It re
ceived 319 votes. The former* was of
course elected, and would have been in
any case, but especially so inasmuch as
the votes for the nine were thrown out,
the tellers b«ing unable to count them,
the election being called for the election
of but three. This forms the ground upon
which the leaders of the opposition will
go to court — the refusal to count their
votes.
The proposition was made to those
opposed to the administration to name
some suitable person for trustee and he
would be accepted by the majority and
made ono of the three. This was refused.
The board of trustees as now constituted
is as follows: Henry L. Davis, F. W. G.
Moebus, F. H. Day, ' George J. Hob*, Co
lumbus Waterhouse, Thomas Kyle, James
Patterson, J. Anderson, George Johnson.
The new board held a cieeiing and
elected the following officers: Heury L.
Davi-, president; F. W. G. Moebus. Vice
president; F. H. Day, treasurer; George
Hobe, secretary; William S. Moses, su
perintendent.
"A Rational Revival."
The Cosmopolitan Church will hold regular
service:, to-morrow at Golden Gate Hull. The
subject of the sermon will be "A Rational Re
vivul in Religion."
Briefs and transcripts printed reasonably;
rapid and reliable. My»ell- Rollins, 22 Clay. •
HIS TRENCHANT PEN
AT REST FOREVER
Mathew G. Upton, the Vet
eran Journalist, Passes
Away.
A Second Stroke of Apoplexy
Carries Off the Brilliant
Writer at Berkeley.
Of Lonsj and Varied Experience, H;
Work d lor the People and
Against Their Foes.
M. G. Upton, the veteran journalist and
editorial writer, died last evening at 8:50
o'clock at bis home, 2419 Durant avenue,
Berkeley.
He had been suffering from a complica
tion of ailments for four years, but up to
the last sear of his life he continued at in
tervals to wield his trenchant pen. The
immediate cause ot death was apoplexy,
the second stroke falling upon him yester
day morning about 10 o'clock. His wife
and family (with the exception of bis
eldest son, W. 13. Upton, a civil engineer
now in Washington, D. C. ) were with him
at the la?t. Everything was done to avert
death, but without avail. His loss will
be mourned by a large circle of friends.
Mathew G. Upton was a native of Ire
land and a graduateof Dublin University.
In early life i.c went to New York to bet
ter his fortunes, and there he began his
career as a journalist. Hi? energy and
force of character were fully equal to Lis
culture, lie was soon known in all the
newspaper offices of the metropolis as an
efficient and conscientious jonrna ist. He
was city editor of the New York Herald
for a time, where he acquired a wide
knowledge of men and methods.
He came to California in the early days,
somewhere about lS:y2. An expert sten
ographer, something of a rara avis in
ttiose days, his services became speedily
much in demand and he earned large sum s
in that way. but he was a born journalist.
He connected himself with the Herald in
this City, with which were other writers
who bad been on the staff of the New
Yorfc Herald.
His duties were multifarious. There
was no telegraphic news. He wrote lo
cals, editorials, paragraphs and articles of
all sorts, all wita equal facility and readi
ness Had his advice been followed the
Herald would not have been found in op
position to the Vigilance Committee and j
probably would not have met with dis
aster.
When he went from the Herald an edi
torial position awaited him on the old
Alta. He was the principal editor and \
writer oi thai journal when it was a power
commercially and politically in the State, i
While he was guiding the editorial policy I
of the Alta tbe railroad company sought !
to acquire possession of Goat Island. Mr. |
Upton fought that scheme with such skill
and persistency that he was appointed one >.
of the committee oi rive who were named !
to go to Washington to confer with Presi- j
dent Grant. To his influence much of the
well-known success of that mission was !
very justly attributed. The argument I
employed to influence President Grant
was that it was a military necessity for the
Government to retain possession of the |
island.
In 1872 or 1873 Mr. Upton was invited to
become one oi the editorial writers of the
Bulletin. There his literary style, which
had been good, was developed to perfec
tion. He was master of English. He
wrote laboriously, carefully and slowly
The result was a "finished product, consid
ered from a purely lilerary standpoint.
Ho was concise, polished and erudite, ant
his learning extended into many fielus
In the direction whither the natural ben
of his talent led him his mind was encyclo
pedic.
In connection with theeditorial column
of the Bulletin during the period extend
ir.tr up to 1895 he exerted a strong influ
ence during a continuous engagement o
nearly a quarter of a century. George X
Fitcb, the veteran journalist and lone
lime proprietor of the Bulletin, was hts
Both came early to California and took
a keen, instructive interest in public
affairs and public men. Their retentive
memories were akin. With them all men
of good will counseled. Only evil-doers
cringed when they cracked without mercy,
and having an eye to the public gooa, the
editorial whip.
Mr. Upton's intimate acquaintance with
the pioneers and tne history of the early
days, enabled him to judge with almost
unerring accuracy the motives of a large
number of men who have moved con
spicuously on the public stage in Califor
nia. He knew of their abilities — and he
ai ways carried a scrapbook. His services
may be best understood by Caiifornia peo
ple from tne statement that he was the
Bulletin's chief editorial writer on politi
cal and municipal affairs for many years.
Subjects which would be dry, ueated
by another, were made sources of peren
nial delight as tbey were mastered by his
pen. Statistics were arranged in such a
way as lo avoid being dull and distaste
ful. Argument was embellished by irony
ami a strong, masterful. humor, with a
peruliar flavor all its own.
Invective was so handled that it caused
those against whom it was directed to
wince ami smart. More than any other
editorial writer in California he possessed
"infinite variety" in his treatment of
themes constantly presented and repre
sented. His mind was a fountain of
quaint thoughts.
But at no time could Mathew G. Upton
be considered a trifler. He was always
very much in earnest. His flying sar
casms were aimed with deadly certainty
and intent at some target which was
rarely if ever missed entirely.
His humor did not detract from the
logic of a situation as he clearly saw it,
and his readers never lost the point that
he perspicaciously made. At all times
itnd at, all seasons he had the public good
before him as his incentive. Fearless and
aggressive he was at the same time self
contained and cool-headed in the treat
ment of questions of great public concern.
Therefore he was not betrayed into mak
ing frequent mistakes. He thought sev
eral limes before he wrote and no article
was permitted to appear from his pen
until he had carefully stuiiied over it and
considered it in the proof flips.
His industry was unsparing and un
tiring. He kept close account of all
financial statements made by City and
State officials, and knew better, probably,
than anyman in San Francisco just how
the balances stood, on any given day, in
the hands of public officials in California.
Every financial report submitted by a
public oflicial was studied diligently and
duly digested. The same systematic re
search was applied to legislative meas
ures, local, S;ate and National, and he
was an authority wtiose accuracy conid
be relied upon implicitly as to facts of
many kinds.
He was the stanch and intelligent
friend of the '"doliar limit" in San Fran
cisco, the stout and uncompromising foe
of corruption wherever it reared its head,
the doughty champion of the people in
the great struggle to throw off the grow
ing incubus of Chinese immigration, the
keen analyst, logical reasoner and astute
observer who when the Bulletin a very few
years ago attacked the Pacific Railroad
funding scheme in its incipiency Dierced
Mr. Huntington's armor with searching
keenness and helped to iay the foundation
for others to buila on.
No more striking proof of the clever- '
ness of the editorial management of the i
Bulletin politically was probably ever af- |
lorded than when, a few years ago, John
F. i^wift and Washington Bartlett were
named as candidates for Governor respec
tively by the Republican and Democratic
parties of California, both nominations
being made to c«tch the indorsement of
the Bulletin. Politicians laughed and
shook their heads at Una unique spec
tacle.
Personally Mr. Upton was a very esti
mable gentleman, the embodiment of
honor and probity, a firm and true friend
and a good enemy. His virtues were
many and sterling. He was a valuable
citizen, an indulgent and kind husband
and father. Those who knew him most
intimntely admired him most. By these
he will be long mourned, his taking away
from life being an irreparable loss. He
leaves a widow and three children, one
son and two daughters.
WILLIAM L TUSTJN, Pioneer, Who Died on Thursday at His
Home in the Mission at the Age of 76 Years.
i>-l NEW TO-DAY — DRY GOODS.
_ — iron.
TO-DAY'S TRADE!
Our SATURDAY patrons are offered an array of CLEARANCE
SALE SPECIALS at
GUTS THAT WILL DRAW A CROWD
RAIN OR SHINE!
LADIES' KID GLOVES'.
100 dozen 4-BUTTON KID GLOVES, embroidered backs (large buttons), in
dark and medium tan shades, also black, regular price $125 a pair; rjp'
Clearance Sale price... * I OC
9S dozen 4-BUTTON GENUINE FRENCH KID GLOVES, embroidered
backs and large buttons, colors tan, mode and brown, also black, regular Qi Arv
. price $1 50 a pair; Clearance Sale price «J>.LUU
MACKINTOSHES ! MACKINTOSHES !
LADIES' MACKINTOSHES, with two capes (separable), in navy blue, QQ - /\
value $3, will be closed out at ; tjpO.OU
MISSES' MACKINTOSHES, in navy blue, one cape, value $3, will be closed flj»O Aft
out at ' <p£4.UU
LACES! LACES! LACES !
BUTTER ORIENTAL LACES, 7, 8 and 10 inches wide, regular price 50c O~,» I
and 60c a yard, on Special Sale at uOVj
BATISTE INSERTION, Ito 2 inches wide, regular price 30c and 25c a yard, 1 tL n J
on Special Sale at ... xD\j
HOSIERY! HOSIERY HOSIERY!
115 fiozen LADIES' IMPORTED BLACK COTTON HOSE, double heels I*-,
and tots, Hermsdorf dye. worth 23c a pair, on Special Sale at l»)u
CORSETS! CORSETS! CORSETS!
49 dozen LADIES' BLACK SATEEN CORSETS, extra long waist, high
bust, two side steels each side, guaranteed perfect fatting, worth $1. on /*K«
; Special Sale at r\ # ' O DC
MEN'S FURNISHINGS.
75 dozen MEN'S FULL-FINISHED HEAVY MERINO SOCKS, with double 1 (\ n
heels and toes, regular price 25c a pair; Clearance Sale price JLUC
45 dozen MEN'S HEAVY TWILLED MUSLIN NIGHTSHIRTS made ex-
tra large, with double yoked, backs and felled seams, regular price 85c <" f\^
each; Clearance Sale price ' £ _ OUG
JACKETS, CAPES AND SKIRTS.
LADIES' TAN COVERT CLOTH JACKETS, two-button box front, lap © Q OK
pockets, former price $7 50 each ; Clearance Sale price «p O.U D
LADIES' BOUCLE CLOTH CAPES, lined with silk senre, storm collar and © A f\~
fronts edged with blact thibet fur, former price $8 50 ; Clearance Sale price «2>4t.J7f)
LADIES' BLACK SERGE DRESS SKIRTS, lined with rustle percaline <»O 9C
full width, velvet binding, former price $5 each ; Clearance Sale price....' t^D.OO
£tT- STORE OPEN SATURDAY EVENING UNTIL TEN O'CLOCK.
f m/ M MURPHY BUILDING, /
{/{/ ffiarlet Street, Comer of Jones, /
San Francisoo.
ANOTHER PIONEER GONE.
William Isaac Tustin Die* at the Ripe
Age of 76 Team.
William I. Tustin, a pioneer of '49, died
Thursday evening.
He wa* born in the State of West Vir
ginia seventy-sii years ago and came
to California when quite young.
Ho arrived in San Francisco in the early
part of 1849, and at once proceeded to
Vallejo, where he settled and where he
commenced the manufacturing of wind
mills, at which he amassed considerable
money, and invested in real estate in that
town and Benicia, which holdings he re
tained up to the time of ins death.
In latter years he devoted his talents to
the making and patenting of mining
machinery.
His wife, who had been his companion
frr the greatest portion of his Jife, died
about two years ago. She is interred in
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, where he erected
a handsome monument to her memory.
His funeral will take place from Pioneer
Hall to-morrow, the members of that so
ciety having assumed full charge of the
remains.
Hew-as a member of Mission Lodge of
Free Masons, as nlsoa Royai Arch Mason.
He leaves one son and one dauehter, a
Mrs. Patten, now in Portland, Or., besides
some grandchildren.
.Tkwki.ry store. & aud7 Third street, removed to
303 Kearny street.
Popular Health Talks.
A series of popular scientific health and
beauty talks will bo given to ladies by Mrs.
Frona Eunice Walt at Golden Gate Hall on
Wednesday afternoon, February 10, at 2:30
o'clock, and ench Wednesday following during
the month. Mrs. Wait has a faculty of making
these talks entertaining, because of her wide
personal af quaintnnce with all the celebrities
on both the drnmatic and operatic stages, and
of whom she lelis many interesting things.
She also makes use of stereopticon views, such
as are employed in up-to-date medical col
leges. Tbe object is to instruct women in the
care and preservation of health and good
looks. The optical projection will be in the
hands ot Mrs. J. M. Hutehins, and the course ts
under the management of Mrs. Clara Ida
Lang.
An Acrobat Arrested.
Joseph Franz, head of tne organization of i
acrobats known as the Franz family, at pres- A
ent playing at the Orpheum. was arrested yes-^
terday on complaint of Officer AlcMurray for '
having a minor under the Mge of 16 perform.
Franz says that the lad, Walter Lamb, who is
me object of the objection, lacks only two
weeks of having attained the proper ane.
Franz furnisued bail and will appear at 10
o'clock th;s morning; bef >re Judge .Tonohims<?n
SEW TO-DAY.
M Your Jime,
YourJime,
'-^gfc SPECIAL SALE
our cusioLsn. FOR ONE WEEK.
Trusses - - - - 75c
We Guarantee a Perfect Fit.
Elastic Stockings - - $1.50
Electric Beits - $1.50 to $20.00
The '.'0 Belt Guaranteed Kqual to the Belt
that Is sold by otht rs for ?50.
Obesity Belts - - - $2.00
Crutches - - - - $1.75
FREE CONSULTATION.)
§Our physician will give free con-
saltation and diagnosis dally.
NO-PERCENTAGE PHARMACY
853Marlx.et Street,
South bide, bet. Fifth and sutb,
'' ' "•-_-■■■.--. /