VOLUME LXXXI.-NO. 51.
PARLIAMENT
ASSEMBLES
Lords and Commoners Hear
the Speech From the
Throne.
VICTORIA REVIEWS SOME
NOTED EVENTS.
Pieased With the Arbitration
Treaty With the United
States
rSFRIGtrS STATE OF AFFAIRS
IN TURKEY.
Operations in Erypt Suec n ss ul.
Measures 'o' the Amelioration
of Sufferers in India.
LONDON, Eng.. Jan. 19.— Parliament
reassembled to-day for what promises to
be the most important session since Lord
Salisbury assumed the reins of Dower.
There was an unusually large attendance
in both houses, aue largely to the earnest
appeals that had been issued to their sup
porters by the leaders of the various
parties. To each member of the House of
Lords Earl Salisbury had addressed a per
sonal letter to this effect: "As it is proba
ble that matters of considerable import
ance will consume the discussion of both
houses I tru a t it may be consistent with
your lordship's convenience to be present
in your place upon the opening and fol
lowing days."
To the Conservative members of the
House of Commons Arthur James Bai
four had also addressed :i letter, saying
that, "Ar Par. lament will be immediately
invited to discuss important public ques
tions I earnestly hope that you will make
fuch arrungements as will enable you to
be present lrcm the beginning; of ihe
session?."
&.r 'William Harconrt also in his ad
dress to the radical members laid stress
upon the matters of importance that
would be brought at once under discus
sion.
There were the asjal scenes about West
minster Palace yard. A large crowd as
tcmbled early aui cheered lhe;r favorites.
William Yemen ilarcoun especially
i :im« in for a warm reception. Shortly
after the n-.>on hour there was the usual
summons irom the upper chamber, and,
preceded by the BlacK R >>i, the com
moners rushed pell mell to the House of
Lord\ where the Queen's speech was read
by commission by the Lord Hijzh Chan
cellor, Lord HalsDury. It is as follows:
My Lords and Gentlemen: My relations
Tviih all of ihe other powers continue ;o bo oi
a friendly character. The appalling mas
sacres Mhicn have :aken place in Constarni
anJ other parts of the Ottoman domin
ions have called for the special attention of
the powers sien&tory to the treaty of Pari".
I'apers will be laid before you showing the
considerations which induced the powers to
make the present condition of the Ottoman
empire the subject of special consultation by
the representatives of the powers at Constan
tinople. The conference of the six Embassa
dors to :he Porte is still {ending.
.-. ■ :ion undertaken by the Khedive of
Egypt a#ain>t the Khalifa with my approval
and assistance has been entirely successful.
His iorC'-s, supported by my officers and'
have won back the provinces of Don
gola to c:\iization by operations which were
conducted with remarkable skill and the way
haa been opened for a further advance when
ever such a storj is judged to be fitsirable.
My Government has discussed with the
United .States as a friend of Venezuela the
terms under which the pending questions of a
dispute on the frontier o: that country and the
temtor\ of Guiana may be subjected toarbitra
t'ou. An arrangement hns been arrived at
\vh;ch, I trust, will affect an adjustment of the
existing controversy without exposing to risk
the interests of any colonists who have estab
lished rights in th 3 Uis-puted territory. It is
with much gratification that I have concluded
a treaty forpenernl arbitration with the Presi
dent of th« Umteil States by which I trust that
all differences which may arise between us
v ill be peacefully adjusted. I hope that this
frrangement may have further value in corn
tnending to other powers the consideration of
the principle by whrch the danger of war may
bly abated.
I he rebellion in Matabeleland has been re
i by the steadfastness and courage of
. n-e.iforced by my troops and
volunteers both of the English and Dutch
races. 1 dfc;,,<,re the loss of valuable lives
which those operations have entailed.
The depressed condition of .the sugar indus
try in the West Indian colonies has seriously
eff-cted their prosperity. I have appointed a
commis-sion to investigate the causes, and, if
Me, to suggest means of amelioration.
It is with much regret and with feclingi of
the deepest sympathy that I have heard that
owing to the failure of the autumn rains
scarcity and famine Rff »ct the larga portion of
India. Mv Government in that country is
making every effort to mitigate the suffering
and lessen the calamity by the development of
railways and irrigation works. Tho fore
tnought through a long series of years to the
preparation of the most t-flje'ive arrangements
for alleviating distress caus-ed b7 famino
makes their task more hopeful than in the
case of previous visitations. My people
throughout my dominions at home and in In
dia have been invited to second with their iib
erality the exertions of the Government. Pa
pers showing tne extent of the famine and the
measures taken to rel.eve the suffering will be
laid before you. A plague has also made its
appearance in Horn bay and Kurachee, and not
withstanding the precautions adopted by the
local authorities it shows no signs of decrease.
I have direc'.c 1 my investment to take the
Ftrongest measures for tue eradication of the
jiestilence.
Gentlemen of the House of Commons: The
I estimates of the year will belaid before you.
» While desirous of guarding an undue expen
■ diture 1 have felt thai the present condition
of the world will not permit you to depart
(/rom the spirit of prudent foresight in which
you have during recent years provided lor the
defense of the empire.
My lords and gentlemen : A measure for the
promotion of primary education, by securing
the maintenance of voluntary schools, will be
laid beiore you, and if time permits you will
invited to consider further proposals for edu
cational legislation.
It is desirable to make better provisions for
The San Francisco Call.
the compensation of working j^ople who
suffer from accidents, and a bill witn that ob
ject In view will bJ submitted to you.
Your consent will bo askea to provisions
which, in the judgment of the military
authorities, are required for the efficiency of
the military detenses of the empire.
A till will also be submitted to you to im
prove the arrangements for the water supply
of the metropolis.
In order to promote the interests of agricul
ture, which nre of paramount importance to
Ireland, you will be asked to consider a bill to
establish a Board of Agriculture, ana further
legislative proposals will be brought before
you if the time at your disposal is sufficient
for the purpose.
Bills admitting the evidence of accused per
sons, amending the law in respect to bills of
sale and the registration of land, for revising
ihe acts in relation to the formation of lim
ited companies, in regard to the agriculture
holdings act in Great Britain, the disposition
of goeds manufactured in prisons in other
countries, the erection of a reformatory lor in
ebriates, and for amending the existing pro
cedure in respect to private liils coining from
Scotland and Ireland have been prepared. I
heartily commend your important delibera
tions to the guidance of Almighty God.
There was an unusually large attend
ance of peeis at the opening of the House
of Lords, which met at 4 o'clock in the
afternoon. The lately appointed Arch
bishop of Canterbury, the Most Rev.
Frederick Temple, and the recently cre
ated Bishop of London, the Rt. Rev.
Mandell Craton. took the prescribed oath
as members of the upper House. The
Prince of Wales and the Duke of Cam
bridge occupied a cross bench and the
galleries were filled with the wives and
daughters cf peer*. United States Em
bassader Bayard and Mrs. Bayard occu
pied seats in the diplomatic gallery.
After the Lord Chancellor, Lord Salis
bury, had read the speech from the throne
the customary adaress in reply to tlie
speech was moved by the Marquis of
Bath, who was attired in the uniiorm of
an officer of the yeomen of the guard.
The motion was seconded by Lord Ken
yon.
The Earl of Kimberly, who was yester
day chosen as the leader of the Liberals
in the House of Lords in the place of
Lord Rosebery, resigned, said that he
deeply regretted that Lord Rosebery was
no longer the leader of the Liberal party,
fcpeakins on other matters he congratu
lated Lord Salisbury upon the success of
his negotiations with the United States.
In regard to Turkey he said be felt im
pelled to ask if the treaty of Berlin wa^
dead.
The benches of the House of Commons
were crowded with members and the gal
leries wre packed with privileged speeta
tois. Ri<:nt Hon. Arthur J. Baifour,
First Lord of the Treasury; Ri^ht Hon.
Joseph Chamberlain, Secretary of fctate
for the Colonies, and Sir William Har
court, the leader of the opposition in the
House, were greeted with prolonged cheers
as they entered the chamber.
After tie Queen's speech had been read
by the Speaker, Viscount Folkestone, mem
ber of the south division of Wiltshire,
moved the address in reply to the speech
from the in rone, and in the course of bia
remarks refeired to the approaching com
pletion of the siTiie-h year ol ilie reign of
her ilajesty Queen Victoria, and ex
pressed the hope that the event, so unique
in the annals of the country, would be
fittingly celebrated.
yir Will-am Marcourt said the most im
portant as well as the most satislactory
statement contained in the Queen's speech
related to the relations between Great
Britain and the United States. He heart
ily congratulated the Government on the
conclusion of the differences between
Venezuela and Great Britain, and pave
them unstinted credit lor the general
arbitration treaty •vhich was signed by
the British Enibassador at Washington
and the Secretary of State. i
Sir William Harcotirt, continuing hisj
remarks, said there could not be a better
celebration of the sixtieth year of her
Majesty's reign tban that her Govern
ment sbould be among tne first of nations
to<-ettbe example of settJin? differences*
by arbitration. He denounced the Nile
campaign and asked tbe Government to
justify their Egyptian policy. In regard
to Armenia he was glad to hear that the
Govi'rnnv nt had abandoned hostility to
Russia in the mailer.
Prime Minister Salisbury said he re
gretted Lord Roserjery's tetirement from
the leadership of the Liberal party for the
moment. He paid a high tribute to Lord
RoseDery's patriotic poiicy, as shown in
his speecii upon the occasion of his retire
ment, and tnen proceeded to defend the
consistent Dolicy of the Conservatives.
The Government, he declared, had not
initiated the anti-Russian policy of 1878.
It was the Crimean war that initiated it,
but the powers were now generally agreed
that if reforms were not granted in
Armenia material pressure would be
applied to the Sultan by the rest of
Europe. There were but slightly different
wordings, he said, in thedeclarationsol t' c
powers in regard, to the way it should be
■lone, but all of them were convinced that
unless the Sultan should introduce
genuine and effective reforms the worst
rssuits must follow.
In regard to tbe Nile campaign the
Premier said that Dongola was taken be
cause it was on the route to Khartoum,
which place must eventnally be taken
from the dervishes. He reported that it
was the intention of the British Govern
ment to reconquer Soudan for Egypt.
In regard to the treaty of arbitration
just cone uaei with the United States, he
said he could not speak fully on the sub
ject because the agreement had not yet
been ratified, still he would say that the
people must not think that they were liv
ing In the millennial dispensation. He
hoped, however, that something would be
done to diminish tbe risk of war. He
would not say that the treaty would not
remove the greatest risks of war, or re
strain a Napoleon, or a Bismarck, but the
policy with the United States was full of
an infinite number of small differences,
which sometimes exaggerated caused irri
tation and enmity. The formation of a
tribunal of arbitration would settle these
d.llicuitie3, would prevent such and show
the two nations who understood each
other so well that unless they are friends
thpy are almost certain to be ene
mi-s. Another advantage would be de
rived from the treaty in this respect:
A Minister dealing with a subject in
volving tne honor of this country, or
which some persons claim involves its
honor, has to think how to furnish an ac
count of the transaction which will soothe
the jingoes. Arbitration would De a bnl>
wark lor such a Minister, for it would be
impossible to say he had trifled with the
honor of the country if he said he had
submitted the matter to the decision of
au impartial tribunal.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY MORNING, JANUARY 20, 1597.
MAYOR PHELAN ADDRESSES THE ASSEMBLED MERCHANTS-
CHECKS TACTICS
OF HUNTINGTON.
Laegford's Bill Proposes to
Amend the Civil
Cede.
It Will Give New Railroads a
I Chance to Secure Needed
Fights of Way.
'lines Such as tbe Valley Road May
, Build luring the Pending of
Condemnation Suits.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 19.— While
the Senate never runs the risk of over-ex
nrtion, its sessions never extending be
yond an hour and a half, it broke the rec
ord for slow racing to-day. Seven bills
weie read the second time, and twenty
two new bills were introduced.
Beyond question the most important
measure submitted by Senator Langford
to-day was a bill amending sections 1254
and 1257 of the Code of Civil Procedure,
relative to condemnation of private prop
erty for public use, or the right of eminent
domain, as it is termed legally.
This measure is in the interest of the
Sierra Pacitic Railway, and is aimed at the
Southern Pacific Company's efforts to
place obstructions in the way of the build
ing of this road from Stockton into the
heart of the mother lode, about fifty miles
from that city. It will not only tend to
defeat the machinations of the Southern
Pacific Company against this particular
road, but will also doubtless greatly aid
the Valley road's efforts to secure rights
of way, and will bo a protective measure
for all future similar enterprises.
Senator Langford introduced the billon
the request of the attorneys interested
with the Sierra Pacific Railway Company.
In a let cr to the Senator explaining the
scope and object of the proposed amend
ments occurs the following:
"If we can pass this act the Southern
Pacific Company will be unable to cut us
off hereafter in our rights of way, for the
sections, an amended, provide lor the tak
ing Of possession of the land before the
rinal judgment in the condemnation tu!t.
* • * I am satisfied that there is no
constitutional objection to the amend
ments as sent, and la the interest ot Cali
fornia it should be passed. * * * Had
the amendments which we now propose
been the law at. tbe time we commenced
operations with the Sierra Pacific Rajjway
Company we would not have been com
pelled to change our base of operations."
Following is the full text of the pro
posed amendments:
Section 1254. At any time after the filing of
the complaint, and the Issuance and service of
the summons thereon, the court may, upon
notice to the defendant by the said court, by
an order In that behalf made, authorize the
plaintiff, if already in possession and use, to
continue in the possession and use, and if not
In possession, to taice possession of and use the
land aud premises sought to be condemned
during the pendency and until the final con
clusion of the proceeding brought to condemn
the same, and may stay all actions and pro
ceedings against such plaintiff on account
thereof; provided, however, that in and by said
order said plaintiff shall be ordered to pay,
and thereafter and before the taking of such
possession, or of the further continuance
in possession of any such land and
premises, pay a sufficient sum of money
into court, or give security for the payment
thereof, to be approved by the Judge of such
court, to compensate said defendant for all
damages which may be sustained by said de
fendant by reason of such proceedings, or of
any such condemnation, provided the ' con
demnation shall be finally had of the said
land and prcmlsu*, together with nil d»m-i!;> .-*
which may be sustained by the saiil defend
ant, if the said proceedings for said condemna
tion shall finally fail, or If for any cause the
said land and premises shall not be taken for
the public use for which the same is sought to
be condemned, and upon the- deposit of the
said money, or upon the giving of such secur
ity, os ordered by the court, the said plaintiff,
by the said order of the said court, shall be
let into the possession and u-e of snia land
and premises- sought to be condemned, or
be continued in the po«-ession and use
thereof, in the same manner and to the
same effect as the sidd plaintiff would be en
titled after the trial of Mich proceedings, and
the entry of final judgment therein; except
that the richt of said plaintiff to retain such
possession and to use paid land and premises
shall be determined by said final judgment,
and in case of a refusal of the defendant, upon
the order of said court, to allow the said
p'.aintitf to enter into the possession and use
of said land and premises, or any part thereof,
the said court, upon application of said
plaintiff, shall issue a writ of assistance of the
same force and effect as writs of assistance are
issued in other cases, in whfch writs of assist
ance are issuable, which said writ shall be
executed by the Sheriff of the county wherein
the said land and premises maybe situated,
witnout delay.
The defendant, who is entitled to the said
money paid into conrt, as aforesaid, or upon
any judgment in such proceedings, shall be
entited to demand and receive the same at
any time thereafter upon obtaining an order
therefor from the court. It shall be the duty of
the court, upou application being made by
such defendant, to order and direct that the
money so paid luto conrt be delivered to him
upon his filing a satisfaction of the judg
ment or upon filing his receipt therefor, and
an abandonment of all defense* to the action
or proceeding, except as to the amount of
damages that he may be entitled to in the
event that a new trial shall be granted. A
payment to a defendant, as aforesaid, shall be
held to be an abandonment by such defendant
of all defenses interposed by him, excepting
his claim for greater compensation. In ascer
taining the amount to be paid into court, the
court shall take care that the same be sufficient
and adequate. The payment of the
money into court, as hereinbefore provided
for, shall not discharge the plaintiff from
liability to keep the fund full and without
diminution, but such money shall he and re
main, as to all accidents, defalcations or other
contingencies (as between the parties to the
proceedings), at the risk of the plaintiff and
shall so remain until the amour/t of the com
pensation or damages Is finally settled by judi
cial determination ana until the court awards
the money or such part thereof as shall be de
termined upon to the defendant, and untii he
is authorized or required by order of court to
take it. If, for any reason, me money shall at
any time be lost or otherwise abstracted or
withdrawn, througn no fault of the defendant,
the court shall require the plaintiff to make;
and keep the sum good at all tim«s until the
litigation Is Jinelly brought to au end and
until paid over or made payable to the de
fendant by order of court, as above provided,
and until such time or times the County Clerk
shall be deemed to be the custodian of the
money, and shall be liable to the plaintiff
upon his official bond for \he same, or
on any purt thereof, in case it be
for any reason lost or otherwise abstracted or
withdrawn. The court, however, may order
the money to be deposited iii the State treas
ury, and in such case if shall b^ the duty of
the Btate Treasurer to receive all such moneys,
duly receipt for, i ni safely keep the same in a
special iund to be enccred upon his books as a
condemnation fund for such purpose, aud for
such duty he shall be liable to the plaintiff
upon his official bond. The State Treasurer
shall pay out such money so deposited in such
manner and at such times as the court may by
order direct, in all ease* where a new trial
has been granted upon the application of the
defendant utid he has failed upon such trial
to obtain greater compensation than was al
lowed Him upon the first, trial, the costs of
such new trial shall be taxed against him.
Sec. 1257. The provisions of part II of this
code relative to new trials and appeals, except
in so far as they are inconsistent with the pro
visions of this title, apply to the proceedings
mentioned in this title, provided that upon
the payment of the sum of money assessed,
and upou the execution of the bond, to build
the fences and cattle guards, as provided in
section 1251, the plaintiff shall be entitled to j
enter into, improve and hoid possession of the j
property sought to be condemned, if not
already in possession, or shall have been let
into the possession and use therec f, as pro
vided in section 1254, and devote the same to
the public use in question; and no motion for
, b iu'W »rl&? or ftppi-.a) shall, tiftersueh payment
and tiling of such bond as aforesaid, in any
manner retard the contemplated improve
ment. Any money which shall have been de
posited,"as provided in section 1254, may bo
applied to the payment of the money assessed,
I and the remainder, if any there be, shall be
returned to the plaintiff.
This act shall take effect immediately.
Here is the bill which, if passed, will re
duce the terms of ell county officers to two
years. Judging from the expression heard
with reference to it to-day it is likely to
never r. appear from the committee to
which it is referr-d:
All elective county and township officers,
except otherwise provided for in this act,
shall be elected at the general election to be
: held in November, 1898, and every two years
i thereafter, unless otherwise herein provided,
and shall take office at 12 o'clock m. on the
first Monday after the first day of January
next succeeding their election. Supervisors
shall be elected as hereinbefore provided. All
officers ejected under the provisions of this act
shall hold office until their successors are
elected or appointed and qualified.
This act shall take effect immediately.
SENATE AND ASSEMBLY.
Joint Jtetolutlont on Hit Nicaragua
< turn I Are Adopted.
SACRAMENTO. Cal., Jan. 19.— 1n the
Senate this mornine the proceedings were
of a routine character. A majority of the
Committee on Finance reported against
the Braunhart resolution for the free coin
age of silver, The Democratic minority,
reported in its favor. ' It was then placed
on file for further consideration.
Among the bills introduced was one by
Feeney forbidding employes of sleeping
car companies making up upper berths
unless for actual occupants, under $500
penalty.
Manoney introduced a bill against deal
ing in options. Adjourned for the day.
In the Assembly to-day Bridgford's irri
gation bill was passed to engrossment.
Dibble made a motion, agreed upon in
the Republican caucus, to recommit the
majority and miuority reports on Duck
worth to the Committee on Attaches.
Keegan, who made the minority report,
protested and demanded immediate
action.
Dibble's motion was adopted by a party
vote.
The House went into committee of the
whole upon a bill reported yesterday ap
propriating $75,000 /or the Slate Printing
Office for the present fiscal year.
Guy moved, according to the directions
of the Republican raucus last nieht, to
reduce it to $30,000. At the same time
Guy said $75,000 would be needed, but he
thought it wiser to appropriate only a
smaller amount now. After a partisan
delate in the committee of the whole the
bill was amended and made special order
for to-morrow.
The Senate joint resolutions on the
Nicaragua canal were adopted, after vot
ing down a substitute offered by Shana
hnn.
Caroinetti's resolutions, adopted yester
day, requiring the Harbor Commission to
furnish information about the depot
building, were made a special order for to
morrow. .
Tracey introduced a resolution to give
E. J. Smith a job by making him clerk of
the committee of the whole. Referred to
Committee ou Attaches.
Bridgford moved that a committee be
appointed to investignt* the expenditures
of the State Printing Office. This was re
ferred to t. l .c Retrenchment Committee.
The Assembly then adjourned.
Forman CoNfirmed by the Senate.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan, 19.— The
Senate Committee on Finance ttti^ X ; morn
ing ordered a favorable reporVqn the
nomination of William S. Forrnun of
Illinois as Commissioner ot -JUttemal
Revenue.
MANY IN DANCER
OF DECAPITATION
Democrats and Republicans
Join in Crying for
Retrenchment.
So the Ax of Economy Will
First Descend on the Cede
Commissioners.
Wav of Rform May Strike
Th?n the
the Friends and Appointees cf
Governor Budd.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 19.— After
a session of half a day both houses ad
journed until to-morrow morning in or
der to allow the committees an oppor
tunity of meeting and consi 'ering the va
rious bills now before them. Bills are
coming in very slowly from the printer,
and the reason given is that the State
office is short of funds. State Printer
Johnson has asked for a $75,000 appropria
tion, but the legislators thorn-lit that tte
demand was too high. The matter was
taken, up In the Assembly to-day, and it
was decided to allow an appropriation of
$40,000. The State Printer says that this
sum is inadequate, and he ought to know.
The Senate will have to concur in the ap
propriation or will reduce or raise it. In
the meantime committees are clamoring
for more bills, but the stream of printed
paper from the big white building is very
sluggish and very shailow.
Democrats and Republicans alike are
crying aloud for retrenchment, and it has
been agreed that the first movement of
that direction will be toward the abolition
of the CoJe Commission by refusing to al
low any appropriation for its maintenance.
It is expected that such action on the
l art of the Legis'ature will sneedily place
the commission in that deiigntful state
of careless repose known to Hirdoo mys
tics as Nirvana. Democrats will regret
that the ax of econornv and reform will
first fall on the necks of three persona!
iriends and appointees of Governor Budci,
and sympathetic but eqnally economical
Republicans will mingle their tears with
those of their free trade brethren.
Private Secretary McCabe, who enjoys a
salary of $4000 per annum, is a shin ne
mark for the ax, and it is understood that
a bill will be introduced to cut his salary
down to $2500. There are a whole lot of
other appointees of the Governor in vari
ous State institutions now trembling in
their shoes and spending their pin money
in telegrams to friends in both nouses to
look out for their interests and not allow
this wild cry for retrenchment to make
them deaf, dumb and blind to the fact
tnat a reduction of salaries would tend to
impair the efficiency of tho3e institution*.
The reformers seem to be earnest in this
matter, and the Republicans are as utual
in the front, so thai the battle of retrench
ment wilt be on by next week, and a fierce
battle it will be indeed.
Many legislator?, perhaps a majority,
are terrified at tiie bulk of the report of
Code Commissioner-. It is said to con
tain about 900 amendments to codes,
wbicb speaks well lor tie industry of the
Commissioners and of Judge Daly in par
ticular, who, if reports be true, has done
<w ; __ _____
* • ■: C/ J r> Continued • on Second Page ■ -■-
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
MANY URGE
CANAL WORK
Mass- Meeting of the City's
Great Commercial
Factors.
STRONG MEMORIAL SENT
TO CONGRESS.
Passage of the Nicaragua Bill
Means Prosperity to This
Coast.
DIRECT APPEAL TO SPEAKER
REED.
Assemblage Yesterday at Merchants'
Exchange of Earnest, Thoughtful
Business Men.
To the Honorable Senate and House of
Representative*, -Fifty '" fourth Con
■ arena.
Your memorialists, citizens of Cali
fornia, In mass-meeting assembled, re
spectfully but urgently request that
Congress will enact the ■ .Nicaragua
canal bill now pending, thus providing
for our country - and the commercial
world a waterway between the two
great oceans for the benefit of all, with
low tolls and -without discrimination.
We also entreat this beneficent work
shall remain under the control of the
Government of the United State*, "an
American canal under American con
trol."
For many years our Government has
promised us this legislation. and,
meanwhile, onr Pacific Con<t ha* .suf
fered an arrested development from
the .want of cheap transportation for
the products of our soil and industry.
A patriotic regard for the National
prestige, a preponderating influence on
the American continent, rightfully
claimed for the Great Republic, Its
military safety and commercial pros
perity, as well as the rehabilitation of
the American commercial marine, all
demand that there shall be no' more
. delay. ".""""V» '■•..'.. • . -•
. Confident that your august body will
favorably regard our petition, we sub
scribe ourselves, your fellow citizens,
Jnmes D. Phelan, Mayor of San Fran
cisco, Chairman.
William L. Merry, Secretary.
Manufacturers' and Producers' Auto
elation.
Oakland Board of Trade.
Hon. Board of Harbor Commissioners*
State Development Committee.
Alaska Commercial Company.
Geographical Society of the Pacific.
The Builders* Exchange.
Union Iron Works.
California State Board of Trade.
Merchants' Association.
California Acudeuny of Sciences.
Board of Trade of San Francisco.
San Francisco Fruit >xchange
Hon. Board of Pilot Commissioners.
Hod. Board of Supervisors.
Hoc. Board of Health.
The I'ank of California.
San Francisco Produce Exchange.
San tranclico Merchants' Kxchangn,
A mass-meeting presided over by Mayor
Fhelan was held shortly after 1 o'clock
yesterday afternoon in the assembly- room
of the Merchants' Exchange for the par
pose of voicing a general reque-t to Con
gress to further the passage of tho Nica
ragua canal bill.
The meeting was held under the aus
pices of the San Francisoo Chamber of
Commerce, and was attended by repre
sentatives of all the important commer
cial bodies of the City and by many repre
sentative business men.
A number of speeches were made ad
vising the completion of an American
canal between oceans as one of the most
advantageous Government works for the
development of the whole Pacific Coast.
It was a qui«t, dign tied assemblage of
thoughtful business men. There were
several hundreds of them all standing
closely together upon the open floor. Tho
chairman of the meeting and the secre
tary stood upon an elevated counter, and
from that position addressed the meeting,
which was short and business-like, but
spirited.
President Hugh Craig of the Chambor
of Commerce' made the opening address.
"The canal," he said, "will ba vvorih to
the citizens of San Francisco and to the
people of the Pacific Coast millions and
millions of dollars. I have a telegram
from Sacramento saying that the Assem
bly bas just passed the resolutions offered
by our own Senator in regard to tha
canal."
Mayor James D. Phelan said: "The
only opposition to the canal would come
from the transcontinental railroads,
which are not of great interest »o us.
There can be no question among the
citizens or the merchants of San Francisco
Pains
In the head, chest, arras, shoulders, i>mb%
due to neuralgia, the "prayer of the
nerves for pure blood.',' Feed the nerves
upon pure, nourishing blood and the pains
disappear. , •
Sarsaparilla
It the best— in tact the Oar True Blood Purifier.
Hond's Pills are purely 'egetableT reTC
IIOUU & r~IU& ftble and ceneiiciaL 25 fc2
as to the advantage of the Nicaragua
canal."
Irving M. Scott, in offering the adoption
of the resolutions printed above, said:
"This is only one move in the direction of
making San Francisco the great distribu
ting point of the Pacific Coast. The com
pletion of the Nicaragua Canal will do
more than fifty years of talk in the bast.
I hope that the Chamber of Commerce
will aaopt this resolution that we may
consummate the work which will so
greatly develop the resources of our City
and State."
Wlien the motion was pot the resolu
tion was unanimously adopted by tne as
semblage.
John T. Doyle spoke next He Baid:
"I went down to Nicaragua and stayed a
year in the employ of a company organ
ized many years ago. Tue - canal then
projected was much smaller and less ex
pensive than the present one. The figure
was placed at $26,000,000. The negotia
tion was declined by English bankers be
cause they thought the whole result of tne
canal would be to further the commerce
of tha Pacific Coast. I move that this
meeting send a telegram to Speaker Reed
of the House of Representatives, who is
the chief man to act for us in this case."
Captain W. L. Merry, secretary of the
Chamber of Commerce, then addreising
'he meeting said, in part:
"We have suffered from an arrested de
velopment. When the canal is open we
will rind European steamers bringing
their products into San Francisco. This
country will, it snail, see the canal built.
Seventy-seven and a half per cent of the
stock of this canal belongs to three gov
ernments.
"Seventy per cent belongs to the United
States, 6 per cent to Nicaragua and lU' per
cent to Costa Rica. Only 2V/, percent be
longs to the canal company. The com
pany has only one director out of eleven.
Under tliose conditions the company can
do no harm to the people of the United
States."
The following resolutions were read and
adopted with applause:
Resolved, That the people of the Pacific Coast
owe a debt of gratitude to our fellow-citizen,
Wiiliam L. Merry, for his untiring, persistent
efforts to promote ' its prosperity and the com
mercial interests of our country by his able ad
vocacy of the Nicaragnan canal. May he live to
witness the fruition of his hopes in witnessing
the American flag passing between the oceans
at the peak ol American steamships laden with
the products of our Pacific Coast. As the
pioneer commercial advocate of the Nica
ragua canal, we render him the thanks of his
fellow-citizens.
Well done thou good and faithful servant.
Resolved, That copie* of this resolution be
forwarded to the California delegation in Con
gress.
A communication from the Geological
Society of the Pacific was read expressing
hearty approval of any Congressional
efforts to be undertaken for the accom
plishment of the purpose of completing
the Nicaragua canal. This commumca*
tion was signed by Professor George
Davidson, president of the society.
The following telegrams were sent on to
Washington immediately after the meet
ing:
To the California Delegation in Congress, care-
Senator Stephen M. White, Washington, D. C. : The
citizens of San Francisco in mass-meeting as
sembled ofler grateful thanks to California
delegation for persistent advocacy of Nicara
gua canal bill. If Congress adjourns with this
patriotic and beneficent euactmentton record
a grateful people will doubly welcome your re
turn. James D. Phhlan, Chairman.
William L. Merby, Secretary.
Hon. Thomas B. Reed, Speaker of the House of
Representative^ The people of San Francisco
in mass-meeting assembled ULgently request
that you will lend your powertul influence to
the patriotic efforts ol the Pacific Coast dele
gation in passing the Nicaragua canal bill.
California, the home of your early manhood,
asks thatyou wi 1 not desert her in her day of
need. James D. Phexan, Chairman.
Hon. Qeorge C Perthu. United States Sen
ator, Washington, I). C: The citiz?ns of San
Francisco in mass - meeting assembled have
adopted memorial to Congress urging enact
ment Nicaragua canal b:ll. Copies mailed you
for President of Senate and Speaker of House.
Please present them and Hdvi>e delegation.
James D. Phelan, Chairman.
William L. Merry, Secretary.
Hon. John T. Morgan, United States Sen
ator, Washington, D. C: The people of Caliior
ii ia in mass - meeting assembled give you
grateful thai.ks for your powerful advocacy of
the Nicaragua canal. Vm« us when you can
and receive a royal welcome.
James D. Phelax, Chairman.
Consumptives to Be Isolated.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 19. — The
Health Board this afternoon passed an
amendment to the sanitary code declar
ing pulmonary tuberculosis to be an in
fectious and communicable disease and
requiring physicians to report all ca<-es
rommg under their observation. The
board proposes to treat consumption in
the same manner as cases of diphtheria
and other contagious di-eases of a similar
nature. Isolation will be ordered if the
circumstances require such a course.
ASSEMBLYMAN DIBBLE Advocating the Passage of the Nicaragua Canal Bill.
SENATOR TURPIE
FAVORS THE CANAL
But Objects to the Bill
in Its Present
Form
He Would Have the Govern
ment Take the Great En
terprise in Hand.
Sees Oily Disaster in Irresponsible
Constructors and Cites the His
tcry of the Panama
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 19.— During
the morning hour in the Senate to-day a
large number of private pension bills were
reported from the Committee on Pensions
and placed on the calendar.
Senate bill to provide for organizing a
naval battalion in the District of Colum
bia was passed.
House bill to incorporate the Conven
tion of American Instructors of the Deaf
was reported from the Committee on the
District of Columbia and passed.
House bill to confirm certain cash en
tries of public lands (invalid by reason of
a teennical omission) was taken from the
calendar and passed.
The resolution heretofore offered by
Morgan (D.) of Alabama v directing the
Judiciary Committee to inquire and re
port as to the default of the Pacific Rail
road Company and payment of bonds,
was laid before the Seuate, and on the
suggestion of Morgan the resolution went
over for the present.
A resolution offered yesterday by Petti
gr?w (silverite) of South Dakota was also
laid before the Senate, and went over un
til to-morrow at the request of Pettigrew.
Senate joint resolution relating to the
laying of electric subways in the District
of Columbia was taken up, and was op
posed by Hill (D.)of New York, who char
acterized it as "most extraordinary" and
asserted that it was in the interest of a
monopoly tnat bad the ear of some of the
Senate committees. Hill summed up his
speech by declaring that it was a fight be
tween two electric-light companies, one
of which had got the ear of the District
Committee while the other had not. The
resolution was virtually a confiscation of
property and the money of the new com
pany, which was largely represented in
the city of New York.
He spoke for an hour and a half, thus
occupying all the time that had been left
for morning business. At the conclusion
of his speech the resolution went back to
the calendar, and at 2 p. m. the Nicaragua
canal bill was taken up as the unfinished
business.
Turpie (D.) of Indiana made a speech
against the bill. He began by saying:
Tne opposition to this bill is not founded on
hostility to a canal on the isthmian route.
I We are in favor of an isthmian canal under
American control and under the control of
the President and the Congress of this great
Republic.
An Isthmian canal is a great design, worthy
of the Senate and this Government. It prom
ises to remove the Straits of Magellan thous
ands of miles to the north ; to erase from the
ocean sailing chart the tedious voyage around
the Horn ; to sever and divide this grand divi
sion of the earth's surface, North and South
America, and yet to make them more adjacent
—to wed them in closer union and to make a
more kindly tie between them than everbefore.
The consummation of this enterprise, so
long desired, so iong expected, meets the favor
of every statesman in every country of the
world within the. bounds of civilization. It is
because we favor, earnestly favor, the con
struction and completion of the isthmian
canal by the Nicaraguan route that we are
opposed to letting it go into the hands of a
Erivate corporation, the beneficiary of this
ill — an Insolvent corporation, without money,
without credit, whose connection with this
I great enterprise must assuredly lead to dis
astrous defeat
Turpie went on to describe, in pictur
esque language, the failure of the Mari
time Canal Company of Nicaragua to ob
tain financial support in Europe. He
also recalled the history of tne Panama
canal scheme, which, he said, had not
had the support of any capitalists or of
any governments, but had drawn $240,
--000,000 in a giand levy from the petty
tradesmen and peasants of France.
He also called attention to the provision
inserted in the original charter of incor
poration from the Maritime Canal Com
pany of Nicaragua, and without which, he
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 20, 1897.
said, tfce company never would have been
incorporated.
That provision was that nothing in the
act should be construed as to commit tne
United States to any pecuniary liability
whatever for any debts or liabilities of
the company. If that was not a conclu
sive estoppel at law and in eqaity against
the demands of an appropriation of a
hundred million dollars the English lan
guage could not frame one.
HOUSE PROCEEDINGS.
I'rivaie I'enaion Hills Considered in
Committee of the Hhole.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 19.— 8y the
operation of the special order adopted
yesterday, immediately after the reading
of the journal, the House resolved itself
ints a committee of the whole and pro
ceeded to consider private pension bills.
The first bill called up was one for the
relief of Margaret O'Donnell, a nurse in
the United States army. Objection had
been made to the bill when it was last
under consideration, and it fl'as postponed
until a more auspicious occasion. Upon
the reading of the title Milnes (R.) of
Michigan announced that since that f.me
the proposed beneficiary of the bill had
died, and he therefore moved that the bill
lie on the table, which was done.
In the course of the afternoon the army
appropriation bili was received from the
Senate and proceedings under the order
were suspended Jong enough for the pur
pose of adopting a motion to disagree to
the Senate amendment and a^ree to a
conference thereon. Messrs. Hull (R. ) of
lowa, Parker (R.) of New Jersey and Mc-
Clellan (D.) of New York were named as
conferees.
Convention of Marine Engineer!.
WASHINGTON, D. C. Jan. 19.— The
convention of the National Marine Engi
neers' Association gathered in this city
to-day and will remain for the remainder
of the week. Representatives from the
Pacific Coast, the sreat lakes and Atlantic
ports and large inland rivers comprise the
delegates. There are claimed to be weak
nesses in our navigation laws which re
quire correction, and the various commit
tees of Congress will be urged by the Na
lional Association of Marine Engineers to
adopt the statutes to the existing marine
conditions. An earnest effort is being
made to have legislation enacted which
will make it possible for the engineer corps
to be recruited from sources outside the
naval academy as well as from the An
napolis institution.
Hearings on the Loud Bill.
WASHINGTON, D. C. Jan. 19.— The
Senate Committee on Postofficesand Post
roads will on January 23 and 30 give fur
ther hearings on the Loud bill, which in
creases the rate« of postace on books issued
in serial form and now carried as second
class matter. The hearings will close on
the last-named date.
A Vice- Consul Recognised.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 19.— The
President has recognized Gilker Dulin as
Vice-Consul of Sweden and Norway at San
Diego, Cat.
Senator Jones Attends.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 19.-Sena
tor Jones occupied his seat in the Senate
to-day, his first appearance during the
present session.
Seamen Killed by the Plague.
LONDON, Eng., Jan. 19.— A dispntch to
the Central News from Hamburg says
that the ship Pierre, from Bombay, has
arrived there with her mate dead and
seven of her crew sick. It is supposed
that the sickness aboard of her ia the
bubonic plague, and the vessel has been
placed in quarantine.
Naphtha -Laden Bark on Fire.
LONDON, Exo., Jan. 19.— The Italian
bark Ilena C, Captain Garibaldi, from
Philadelphia, before reported on fire
while discharging cargo at La Koque,
Gironde, and which at last accounts was
stili burning, is a total loss. She had on
board 4548 casks of naphtha.
To Dissolre the Deputies.
ROME, Italt, Jan. 10.— At a Cabinet
meeting held this evening, it was decided
to dissolve the Chamber of Deputies. The
elections for members of the Chamber
will proDably be held at the end of March,
or the beginning of April.
Appalling Earthquake in Persia.
LONDON, Enq., Jan. 19.— A dispatch to
the Times from Teheran, the capital of
Persia, says that a severe earthquake oc
curred on January 11 on Kishm Island,
the largest island in the Persian gulf, and
that the loss of lite was enormous.
Dillon 1o Laad the Nationalists.
LONDON, Eng ., Jan. 19— John Dillon
was elected Parliamentary party leader
of the Irish National party to-day.
Severe Snowstorm in Texas.
HOUSTON, Tex., Jan. 19.— The heaviest
snowstorm for twenty years began this
morning {it 7 o'clock, and still continues
to-night. More than a loot has fallen.
MANY IN DANGER
OF DECAPITATION
Continued from First Page.
much more than his fair share of the
work. But legislators are unwilling to
take up the report because they fear tLat
it would use up the remainder of the ses
sion and obstruct all other legislation. So
the report may sieep in the desk 3of the
members, a silent monument of work un
appreciated because too great.
The bill requiring employment agents
to refund fees when the applicant fails to
to secure the offered work or when he is
discharged on the plea of inconipotency
will be taken up in the Assembly to-mor
row, and will be passed, in all probability,
without a dissenting voice. It will meet
with the same reception in the Senate, the
Republicans being a unit on the proposi
tion. The Democrats and Populi3ts favor
it, also, so that there will be no obstacle to
its passage. It is regarded here as a great
victory for labor, and it is being actively
and energetically promoted by Labor Com
missioner Fitzgerald^
Assemblyman Treacy of San Francisco
ha 3 introduced a substitute for Senator
Brannhart'a bill, reducing the fares on
street railroads to 2}4 cents bstween the
hours of 6 and 8 in the morning and 5 and
7 in the evening, not more than sixty of
such commutation tickets to be sold to
any one person. Mr. Treacy'3 substitute
contains the following essential which
has been omitted in the Braunhart bill:
"The privilege of transfer to all branch
lines belonging to the same system or
other railroads existing on the Ist day of
January, 1897, must in no wise be abridged
or impaired by reason of the provisions of
this act."
With this exception the bill is substan
tially the same as that introduced into the
Senate by Braunhart. Tne voting ma
chine has arrived. It is a box about
three and a half feet long by a foot and a
half wide and is operated by springs and
weights, there being no electrical device
connected with it. The machine on ex
hibition contains 100 names, but it can be
made to contain 1000 if necessary and its
cost is about $2 per name. A copy of the
ballot is displayed qpder a glass pane at
the top of the box. Opposite each name
is a metal plug with the corresponding
number. When the votor wishes to cast
his ballot for John Doe for Auditor he
presses down the plug bearing John Doe's
number.
At the same instant a bell rings, show
ing that the vote has been recorded, and
the plug, and those for the other candi
dates for Auditor become automatically
locked so that they cannot be voted until
released by the judge of election who pulls
a knob and rings a bell, setting the
machine in readiness for the next voter.
Each vote is automatically registered on
numbered wheels and printed on white
slips of paper.
D. A. Macdonald arriyed to-day for the
purpose of making his fight for the Harbor
Comnussionersbip. Stewart Menzies is
nis opponent.
GENERAL LEGISLATION.
Senate Committee* Will Soon Start on a
State Tour.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 19.— At the
meetinc of the Senate Committee on "Cul
tures" (agriculture, horticulture and vit
iculture) Senator Wolfe appeared on be
half of the appropriation for $10,000 to
make an exhibit of the products and man
ufactures of California to the Guatemala
exhibition. His efforts proved successful
and the matter was favorably referred to
the Committee on Finance, which will
also, it is believed, net favorably on the
matter.
Sacramento's cemetery is not to be
graced with the $4000 monument which it
was proposed to erect in the plat of the
Mexican Veterans if the State would con
sent to donate the requisite amount of
money. The bill to this effect was ad
versely acted upon by the Committee on
Finance to-day.
Three of the Senate committees will
each send a delegation of three, including
the chairman of each committee, on a
tour of the State to visit and inspect all
public institutions except State prisons.
They will start on their journey a weeK
from Thursday. The committees repre
sented will be hospitals, public buildings
and finance. A resolution will be intro
duced granting them permission to go ami
restricting their allowance to their actual
expenses instead of permitting them to
draw miieags, as has been the custom
heretofore.
SANTA CLARA'S CHA,PION.
Aiaemblyman Arnerich Zookinq Afttr
the County* Interest*.
SACRAMENTO. Cal.. Jan. 19.— One of
the most, conspicuous members of the
Assembly, and one who is doing and will
do much effective legislation in a quiet
way, 13 Mati E. Arner'ch, the giant wine
grower of Santa Clara Connty. Mr. Arne
rich stands several inches above 6 feet in
height, is dark eyed, rosy cheeked and
brown skinned, a typical representative of
the sturdy Culifornian horticulturist. He
is the owner of the Lone Hill vineyard of
100 acres, mostly in wine grapes, and of
100 acres of farming land which he culti
vates in various products for his own use.
He also raises prunes, walnuts, figs, etc.,
for the market, manufactures his grape
crop into wine, ana is a Jiving illustration
of the thrifty, industrious farmer.
Alhough this is the first time that Mr.
Arnerich has ever held any political office
he takes lo the duties of his position as
naturally as a duck takes to water, and
has already introduced several very meri
torious bills. Among these is Assembly
bill No 353, which prohibits a husband or
wife from testifying against the other
without the other's consent. He takes
most interest in the bill to provide a third
Snperlor Judge Tor Santa Clara County.
"The calendars of the two courts," said
Mr. Arnemich to-day, "are choked up
and Dlockea with cases. Both conns are
now a year behind, and litigants must
wait for that length of time before they
can have their oases taken up. It is
necessary that we should have the third
Judge because the people of Santa Ciara
demand, it." He adde4 that he would de
vote all his time and' energy in pushing
the bill through to its passage.
The Committee on Judiciary has now
under consideration Assembly bill 192,
which provides for the giving of bonds by
the keepers of intelligence oftices, defin
ing the same and their liabilities. The
bill reads as follows:
Section 1. Every person, firm or corporation
now carrying on or conducting the business
of an employment or intelligence office in
this State shall, within sixty days after this
act takes effect, or before such persons, firm
or corporation, snail thereafter commence to
conduct such business, file with the clerk of
the county, or city and county, within which
such business is or is sought to be transacted,
a bond to the people of the Stfta of California
in the penal 6um of $5000. with two sureties
approved by a Judge of a Superior Court of
[said county, or city and county, conditioned.
that the obligor will pay to any client or cus
tomer of said obligor, to whom intelligence for
employment shall be by him or her or through
the agency of him or her furnished and paid
for, any and all fees paid, and necessary trav
eling expenses, which said client or customer
may have incurred by reason of such intelli
eence for employ m-ent having been fraudu
lently represented by said obligor or agency,
and also that execution upon any judgment
against said obligor for such fees or expenses
may be issued against said obligor and said
sureties severally.
Sec. 2. If at any time the cleric of any coun
ty, or city and county, with whom such bonds
has been flied, or in whose, custody us such
clerk any such bond may be on file, shall be
informed in writing that the sureties, or any
of them, on any bond described in section 1
of this act, having died or removed from the
county, or city and county or become unable
to pay the said penalty of such bond, the clerk
shall immediately notify, in writing, by mail,
the obligor in such bond to file, within twenty
days, a new bond in said penal sum, with sure
ties, to be approved by a Superior Judge of
said county, or ciiy and county, as in article I
of th is act is provided.
Sec. 3. Upon the recovery of any judgment
in any court of competent jurisdiction,
against the obligor in any bond filed as
required by section 1 of this act, execution
shall be issued against the property of the said
obligor and his sureties severally, as in said
bond conditioned; provided, however, that
proceedings upon any such judgment may be
stayed, as is provided in other cages.
Sec- 4. No license shall be Issued to any
keeper of an intelligence office, as is provided
in section 3380 of the Political Code of this
State, until there shall have been filed with
the clerk of the county or city and county
where the business is to be conducted the ap
proved bond required by the section 1 of this
act.
Sec. 5. Any person who shall conduct or
carry on any intelligence office in this State
without complying with the provisions of this
act shall be guilty of misdemeanor, and upon
each conviction thereof shall be fined in a sum
not exceeding $200 or imprisoned in the
county jail for a term not exceeding sixty
days.
Sec. 6. Every county clerk In this State shall
keep in his office an index of bonds which
may be filed with him under the provisions of
this act, showing the names of all the parties
to such bonds.
* Bee. 7. For the purpose of this act all per
sons, firms or corporations who shall receive
compensation, in any manner, for finding situ
ations for an employe, or any person or per
sons conducting a business for furnishing'in
formation where employment may be ob
tained, shall be held to be intelligence offices.
Sec. 8. This act shall take effect immediately.
The following bill is under considera
tion by the committee on commissions,
retrenchment and public expenditure:
There is hereby appropriated out of any
money in the State treasury not otherwise ap
propriated, to each and every institution in
this State conducted wholly or in part for the
support and maintenance of aged persons in
indigent circumstances, aid as follows: For
each aged person in indigent circumstances
supported and maintained in any institution
the sum of $100 per annum.
The aid hereby granted shall commence on
the first Monday of July, 1897, and shall be
paid in semi-annual installments, commenc
ing ou the first Monday in January, 1898.
IRRIGATION PROBLEMS.
They Wtll Hecrive Attention by the Leg
ißlnture.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 19.—Irriga
tion problems promise to absorb consider
able of the time and attention of the Leg
islature this session, and the already be
whiskered conflict is likely to be renewed
with vigor and venom, and the more so
that the last session almost entirely ig
nored the questiun. All the repressed
sentiment is now at boiling point and the
opportunity that is to be given every one
to be heard on Thursday nieht will be
taken advantage of with avidity.
The effect of the W:ight law has appar
ently been radically different in the vari
ous sections of the State. While the ex
treme southern counties, or at least their
representatives in the Legislature, such as
Senator Withington and Assemblyman
Linden berper, seem to be satisfied with
the operation, the counties of the San Joa
quin and Sacramento valleys are sorrow
ing and waiiing over the hardships said
to have been engendered by it, ana are
carving out for reformation of tne bill.
In the Modesto and Turlock districts
the situation is repre»ented as being par
ticularly onerous. The burdens of taxa
tion under the Wright law, it is claimed,
have become so heavy that the people are
willing to forego all the benefits and ad
vantages of the expenditure cf about
$1,500,000, and to waive all claims to the
rights and property acquired with this
money, if they are relieved from any
further obligation in connection with the
construction and maintenance of irriga
tion systems under the Wright law.
C. W. Eaton o. f Modesto, who made
quite a stir at the joint meeting of the
Senate and Asserubiy committees last
night, is here net only to endeavor to se
cure amendments to the Wright act, but
to secure, if possible, the passage of a
special act permitting the transfer of the
property and rights of the Modesto and
Turlonk irrigation districts to private par
ties for cjrtain considerations. This, he
explained, was desired by the taxpayers of
the districts, who were being taxed to the
poiut of de^itu'. ion under present condi
tions! and who wanted to be rid of their
"old man of the sea."
In the town of Modsto, he said, the
owner of a large brick business block
in the heart of the city, had decided to
forfeit this property rather than pay any
further irrigation taxes. He is reported
as saying he could not stand any further
assessment. Eaton claims that in the
country the situation is even much more
NEW TO-DAY.
THE PEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER,
Bottled at the UJ HUNYADI Bprings, Buda Past, Hungary.
"Gentle, but satisfactory in its action. Remarkable for its richness in magnesium
Wlphate, exceeding that of all other bitter waters — always of the same strength, which is,
of course, a matter of great importance." — New York Medical Journal
" A much-esteemed purgative water." — " ItscomposiUon is constant. The practitioner
is thus enabled to prescbe definite quantities for definite results." — "A Natural
Water."— The Lancet.
" Affords those guarantees of uniform strength and composition which have long been
wanting in the best-known Hunyadi waters." — "Agreeable to the palate."— " Excep-
tionally efficacious.' I—British1 — British Medical Journal.
"This Water maybe classed with the best Aperient Waters and be pronounced
one of the strongest."
— Professor Oscar Liebreich, University of Berlin
rrices : 15 cents and 25 cents per bottle.
OP ALL DRUGGISTS AND MINERAL WATER DEALERS
Sole Exporters :
THE APOLLINARIS COMPANY, LIMITED.
SEE that the Label bears the well-known Red Diamond Mark of
The Apollinaris Company. Limited.
EMPLOYED at the City and County Hospital, California*
Women's Hospital, German Hospital, St. Luke's Hospital, etc., and
at the Leading Hospitals of England.
aggravated. Eaton complained that there
was no redress at law, and the people in
those districts were in a most pitiable con
dition. He added that many bad seen
what was coming, had sold their holdings
and had left for parts where the fallacy of
the irrigation district fad had not reached.
His story of the relief it is proposed to
seek ys a remarkable one.
R. W. Gorrill, president of the Bond As
sociation, which control? about $1,200,000
worth of bonds in the Modesto and Tur
locK districts, has made a proposition to
surrender all the bonds the association
holds, providing the districts will turn
over all their property and rights to the
Bond Association. Certain other condi
tions are also imposeJ. These are that
the irrisration districts pay up all back
taxes, all debts of the district, satisfy all
suits and judgments and guarantee all
rightf! of way necessary for the canal sys
tems, and the sale of water to irrigate
15,000 acres of land in each district at a
cost of $2 50 per acre per year.
A mass-meeting of the taxpayers was
held and a committee was appointed to
carry on negotiations with the associa
tion. This committee, after due investi
gation of the matter, submitted an
answer to the bond association statins;
that all the terms were satisfactory, ex
cept the required guarantee for rights of
way and for water contracts. And here
the matter rests at this writing.
In discussing the question with a
prominent attorney in ban Francisco the
question of the right of the people of the
irrigation districts to transfer property
in the hands of public corporations to pri
vate corporations came up, and the at
torney expressed the opinion that such a
right did not exist. If such a transfer
was desired legislative sanction would
first have to be secured. It is to accom
plish this purpose that a special bill may
be introduced, and then the lur will fly.
THREE ELECTION CONTESTS.
Attorneys Appunr Before the Senate
Committee.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 19.— Three
flection contests were on the card 'for the
Senate Committee on Elections to-night.
Thomas W. Chandler (R.) claims the seat
of John Feeney (D.); M. J. Wtelcb (regu
lar Republican) that of Kidney Hall, and
John G. Tyrrell (the Kelly : Mahoney
nominee) also contests the seat of Hall.
Frank H. Powers is the attorney for
Chandler, Martin Stevens for Welch, A.
Ruef for Tyrrell and Garret W. McErier
ney for both Feeney and Hall.
The only one to appear on behalf of any
of the parties directly interested when the
committee was called to order by Chair
man Stratton was McEnerney. The lat
ter was asked to present im sida of the
case pending the arrival of the opposing
attorneys, who were expected on the train
due here from San Francisco at 8 p. m.,
but declined to do so, on the ground that
the other side might oppose such a pro
ceeding. It was then decided to await
the arrival of expected legal lights.
At 8:30 p. m. Reuf came in and declared
himself ready to go on with the case of
Tyrrell against Hall. McEnerney stated
that matters would be expedited by hear
ing both cases against Hall together. Ow
ing to the absence of Stevens, however, it
was decided to go on with the case of
Tyrrell against Hall.
Ruef opened the cfse by explaining that
at the election held la* t November in the
Twenty-third Senatorial District Hall re
ceived 1670 votes, Tyrrell 1660 and Welch
1630, according to the official returns. He
added that the semi-official returns showed
Tyrrell's election by a plurality of 19
votes, which result accorded exactly with
the li.'ures gathered by the messengers
sent out on the night of the election to
every precinct by Mr. Tyrrell. He next
reviewed at length the testimony taken by
depositions and submitted last week to the
committee.
Euef, instead of confining bimself to ar
gument, as was expected, quoted testi
mony at great lencih. Chairman Strat
ton finally could stand the waste of time
no longer and asked him to be easy on the
committee. He promised to do so, but
bad to be again called to time by tbe chair
man, after he had exceeded his limit by
fifteen minutes. He begged for five min
utes additional and was granted this con
cession. He spoke another fifteen min
utes before McEnerney got his inning.
The latter took his half-hour, and Ruef
concluded the argument. Tbe Tyrreli-
Hall case was then submitted and the
hearing of the other two cases was set
tor Thursday at 1:30 p. m.
On Budd's Recommendations.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 19.— The
Senate Finance Committee to-day consid
ered the recommenda'ions in the Gov
ernor's message relating to income tax
from corporations and the excise or liqnor
license. It was decided to refer these sub
jects to a sub-committee for further con
sideration. The committee will hear rep
resentatives of the Board of University
Regents to-morrow evening. The univer
sity asks for an additional 1-cent tax,
which exactly doubles the present allow
ance. '
The joint Committee on Elections de
cided this evenin* to refer all the primary
election bills to a joint sub-committee.
Steamer Sunk in New York Harbor.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 19.— The
steamer Alvena was sunk by the steamer
British Queen in New York harbor this
afternoon.
NEW to-day: : __l
\
The other
WAS, but
Jrophy
IS the best bak-
ing powder.
It * Tillaiann & BendeV Mfm
FAI L Oq
DOCTOR SWEANY,
A physician 'whose reputation is estab-
lished by ten years of successful practice
at 737 Market St., Sun Francisco, Cal.
LOST n( * a^ tbe atten d-
MANUnnn in & ailments of
mANHUUU NERVOUS debi-
lity of Young, Middle-aged
and Old men, indiscretions of
youth, excesses of mature years, .
drains which sap the vitality,
failing strength, aching back,
diseased kidneys, inflamed
glands, varicocele, hydrocele,
dizziness of the head, , gloom,
and despondency, poor memory
and a wandering mind.
BLOOD AND 'Ml } ood
SKIN DISEASES. £, c ™
whatsoever, eczema, etc.
BLADDER. Irritability, cystitis,
stricture, etc.
RUPTURE. New method, sure
cure, painless treatment, no de- ) r^
i tention from . work, no experi- j
ment, no knife, no truss. A posi- '
tive,certain and permanent cure.
LADIES Will receive special
and careful treatment for' all
their many ailments.
WRITE if away from the city.
Book, "Guide to Health," a trea-
tise on all organs and their dis-
eases, free on application.
Call or address
jp: i 4. istotie: h/e.d.
737 Market .St., Sao Francisco, CaU
50TICE ISVITBG SEALED PROPOSALS
For the Purpose of Sale of Bonds of
the City of San Jose.
rPFIK MAYOR AND COMMON council of
1 the City of San Jose, having by ordinance en-
titled "An ordinance providing for the issuance
and sale of bonds of the City of San Jose." etc.,
passed ou tne Hist day of December, 1896, and
approved on the 23d day of December, 1896;
ordained that there should be Issued by said city
of San Jose six hundred high school building
bonds, of the denomination of $1*25 each, and four
hundred sewer bonds of the denomination of $100
each, both classes of bonds to bear Interest at the
rate of 4% per cent Der annum, payable semi*
annually, and also by said ordinance authorized
and directed the City Cleric of said city to give ,'
notice inviting proposals for the sale of said bonds,
now therefore
- Public notice Is hereby given that the City of Sao
Jose intends to issue one thousand bonds aforesaid,
and that sealed proposals will be received at tha
office of said City Clerk, at the City Hall In san
Jose, California, UDtil the hour of eight o'clock
p. it., on the eighth day or February, 1897 (at
which time, or as soon thereafter as said Mayor
and Common Council shall duly convene, said bids
will be opened), for the purchase of the whole or
any part of said high school building and newer
bonds, or either thereof. Said bonds are to bear
date June 1, 1897, and the Interest thereon to be
paid . seml-annually on the first day of December
and the first day of June of each year thereafter,
both principal and interest payable in gold coin or
lawful money of the United states
Said high school building bonds shall be num- \
bered consecutively from one to six hundred, both I
Inclusive, and be divided Into forty series, num- K«
bered consecutively trom one to forty, both In- W
elusive, each series consisting of fifteen bondv.
the first series la to include those bonds which are
numbered from one to fifteen, both inclusive, and
each succeeding series is to Include the fifteen
bonds numbered consecutively after those in-
cluded in the next preceding series-
bald sewer bunds shall be numbered consecu-
tively from one to four hundred, both » lnclusive,
and b • divided into forty series numbered '•ou-
secutively from one to forty, both Inclusive, each
series consisting of ten bonds; the first tenet Is to
Include those bonds which are numbered from
one to ten. both inclusive, and each succeeding
series is to include the ten bonds . numbered con-
secutively after those included In, the next pre-
ceding series. .
. - The first series of said high school building
bonds and said sewer bonds ah ill he made payable
on the first day of June, 1898. and oue of the re-
maining series is to be made payable on the fin 1 ,
day 01 June In each: succeeding ca'endar year
thereaf er. until and Including the ye .r 1937.
Said bonds are to be made payable to in • order of
the purchaser or payee byname, and to each of
said bonds there U to be attached Interest-bearing
coupons, double In number to the number of yarn
wblcu such bond has to run beforo Its maturity.
Proposals m.nt state the price off* ed, the descrip-
tion of the bond* desired, and be accompanied by
a certified check on some . responsible bank, pay-
able to the order of the .Mayor of said City, for at
least ten per cent of the amount bid, said uhecic to
be returned to bidder. in case the bid Is not ac-
cepted. . The. purchase money for said bonus shall
be 1 aid in gold coin of the unlied -tates within
ninety days after notice of acceptance. The rl<h:
to accept any or all bids . and to re] -ct «ny or all
bids, or portions of bids, is hereby expressly re-
served. J. W. COOK, City Clerk.
Dated January 3d, 1897. .-;-.*
DR.MCNULTY.
THIS WEf,L KNOWN AND KKLIABLE OUi
■*- Specialist cure* Prlvate,Nervous,Bloodaiid Skin
Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over
20 years' pxpprlencp. Send for Book, f.n»e. 'Patient* •■
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours. It to 3 i
daily ; 6:3o toB.3oev'irs. Sundays, 10tol2. Consult*- I
tlou free and sacredly confidential. Call or address I
'■■'■ ' VP. BOSCOE 31 oX C'l/TT. Hi. I>.; :f '
M'n' Koani.r Street, Kan Francisco, Cal.
D Kllt3 fit IS v™' bootblacks, bath-
UIIVVIIbU houses, billiard - tabli'v
brewers, bookbinders, candy.makpn. «nn«ri
dyers, ' • flourmUls, foundries, laundries, - P °a^
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, stable-
men, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc* - »"»«»-
-i. „ BUCHANAN BROS. 1 / V"
Brush Manufacturers. 60t)Sacv»uj©nto3»tCUBANS BATTLE
FOR FREEDOM
Daring Attack Made Upan
Tapaste, Province of
Havana.
Spaniard?, However, Defended
the Pace Until the Rebels
Retired.
Fierce Fighting in the Streets of
Placetas in Which Many
Soldiers Are Slain.
HAVANA, Cvba, Jan. 19.— The news
papers here now give complete details of
an attack made by rebels upon Tapaste.
province of Havana. The tight occurred
on January 10 and the fact that the news
of the engagement has been so long sup
pressed is taken to indicate a Spanish
defeat.
The newspapers state under Govern
ment permission that wben the insurgents
attacked the town, the residents took
refuge in a church. The Spanish defended
the place for four hours, until the rebels
retired. No mention is made of losses on
either side.
Further details are at hand of the recent
rebel attack upon Placetas, in the prov
ince of Santa Clara. Tha rebeli entered
the town from different directions, they
crossed the line of forts and attacked sev
eral houses. Liter there was fierce fight
ing in the stieets, which lasted for theee
hours, when the rebels were driven out of
the town.
The insurgents left six of their number
dead in the streets. The garrison had six
teen men wounded. One woman resident
was killed and three male citizens and a
child were wounded. Nineteen persons
in the town have beeu arrested on the
charge of having b.-en implicated in the
attack.
ONE MORE CONCESSION.
Spain Aof Tet in a Mood to Vex Vncle
Aim.
NEW YORE, N. V., Jan. 19.— A
Tribune special from Washington says:
Trie Spanish Government has decided to
accede to another demand from this coun
try. The demand was that excessive
charges against American vessels which
had visited Cuban ports should be re
turned and more justice be shown in the
future. This is the third important con
cession made by Spain within the last
three months in reply to somewhat vigor
ous protests from the State Department.
She nrst granted a civil trial to Sanguilly,
who had been condemned to death by a
military trbunal. She next accorded to
the Competitor's crew a rehearing before
another court.
The protest mad c in behalf o! American
vessels trading with Cuban ports was sent
to Madrid about two months ago. It
pointed out that at Havana particularly
ship* plying between that place and, «wrts
of this country had been unjustify dis
criminated against in many instances. * In
some cases fines were imposed against the
vessels for alleged infractions of harbor
regulations. In others the manifests were
inaccurate^ registered. Secretary Olney,
addressing Minister Taylor, urged that
prompt representation be made to Spain
thai the treatment of the ship 3of this
country in Cuoan waters appeared from
authentic reports to be such as to warrant
the demand that in instances wiiicb he
specifically pointed out there should be a
restitution of certain sums of money to
ship-owners.
Reports which reached the State De
partment before the protest was sent to
Taylor showed that on frequent occasions
American captains had to pay fines im
posed by officials at Havana, which was
excessive as well as unjust on other
grounds. The captains for a time paid
these, but as the assessments increased in
amount and frequency they finally ap
pealed to Consul-General Lee, who in due
course laid their cases before tne State
Department.
It appears from the evidence that the
American captains learned that tbe com
manders of other foreign ships touching
at Havana were not required to pay sucn
heavy fines or penalties for the same kind
of offenses as alleged in their cases. They
asserted that the Havana officials had
heretofore discrimated against them.
Consul-General L<ee examined a number
of complaints of this character and de
cided that they were well founded.
Minister Taylor has informed the State
Department that, pursuant to his instruc
tions, he laid the matter before the Span
ish Foreign Office. He represented the
case to be one calling for prompt and
favorable action. He also called the at
tention of the Foreign Minister to the im
portance of issuing directions to the
Havana officials that American vessels
touching at that port should not be dis
criminated against.
A few days ago the Duke of Tetuan took
action favorable to the American claim.
To the American captaina who have just
cause for complaint of excessive duties the
difference between the sums they paid
and that which ought to have been paid
were refunded. Proper instructions will
be sent to the Havana officials as to their
future course with American ships.
DENOUNCES THE PROSECUTION.
Herr lAtnhura Creatrtt a lircze in the
Prvn»inn Landtag.
BERLIN, Germany, Jan. 19.— 1n the
Chamber of Deputies in the Prussian
Landtag to-day Herr Limburg denounced
the prosecution of Baron yon Luetzow,
the journalist, who on December 7 w^s
sentenced to seventeen months' imprison
ment for libeling Baron Marshal Biecer
stein, Minister of Foreign Affairs, Count
Yon Eulemberg and Prince Alexander
yon HohenJone, and also for confessed
lorgery and perjury.
Prince Hohenlohe, Imperial Chancellor,
defended the action of the authorities in
prosecuting Luetzow as being absolutely
necessary, ana declared the trial of Major
yon Tausch, the former chief of the
political police, who is now in jail, undp.r
charges of forgery and perjury, would
show that Baron Marschall yon Bieber
stein had acted in complete harmony
with the other Ministers. The remarks
of the chancellor were received with
cheers by the members of the Left and
Center.
STEEL- RAIL PLANT SCHTDOWN.
twelve Hundred Workmen Out for an
Indefinite Period.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 19.— The steel-rail
plant at the South Chicago works of the
Illinois Steel Company was closed to-day
for an indefinite period. Twelve hundred
workmen who came to the mill this morn
ing for their usual work were surprised to
find the notice pov,ed on the big gates.
The cut in the working forces of the com
pany follows a readjustment of wages of
all skilled workmen, resulting iv a de
crease of from 10 to 30 per cent.
Regarding tne shutdown to-day, Presi
dent John W. Gates said: "The reason is
merely that tie orders received do not
justify us in continuing in turning out
rails. The other departments will not be
affected and there will be no other change
in the wages at present."
SUGUR, CONFFEE AND SPICE.
Wool son Cnmiinny J-'iU* an AnsWrr to
the Arbuekl**' >n«f.
TOLEDO, Ohio, Jan. 19.— The sugar
trust and directors of the Woolaon Spice
Company to-day filed an answer in the
suit begun a week asjo by the Arbuckles
asking for a receiver for the concern. The
chief defense is that the Arbuckles did
hot purchase their sixty shares of stock as
an investment and in good faith, but that
they were simply bent upon annoying the
present owners of tha plant. It is denied
.hat the Woolson plant is being operated
at alo«s, but on the coutrary, it is asserted
that the profits are irom $500 to $700 per
day, notwithstanding the recent cuts in the
price of coffee. It is also denied that the
entire board of directors has resigned or
will not be re-elected at the next meet
ing of stockholders, which would have
occurred to-day but lor the temporary in
junction granted last week. The case will
oe heard on its merits on January 25.
TOOK ALL IN SIGHT.
The First Xatio*»l Bnnh Accepted,
Orpoait.t Up to the Close.
NEW YORK, N.Y., Jan. 19.— The First
National Bank, which closed its doors
yesterday, accepted deposits up to clos
ing Saturday. It was unknown Friday
.whether the bank would open Saturday
| morning. Bank Inspector Walter, who is
in charge, says if it can be proven that the
bank was insolvent and that its officers
knew it, then the acceptance of deposits
was a violation of law. Comptroller Eckels
says that Bank Examiner Tucker criti
cized the management of the bank in his
October letter and the officers were
promptly notified.
Another failure to-day resulted from the
closing of the bank. J. H. and Leonard
Suafer & Co. assigned as commission
merchants. Liabilities and assets are not
known. The Newport banks were not
subjected to runs, to-day and had they
been would easily have met any demand
on them.
JBVXDAJBVS Oh BIGASUSIS.
Failed to Pay C'o»t* of Dirorce im the
iHelahotna Court*.
GUTHRIE. O. T., Jan. 19— Hundreds
of Eastern people who secured divorces
in Oklahoma siipped out of the Territory !
without paying the costs. A section of |
the law, little known, provides that no as- ,
vorce granted in the Territory shall be |
vaiid unless the costs are paid, and when
a divorce is granted it becomes effective
oniy when the costs have been fully satis
tied, no matter against whom assessed.
Hundreds of such decrres on the court j
records will soon be canceled, and a3 the
majority of the parlies have since been i
married, it will leave them guilty of \
bigamy and open to criminal prosecution, j
Tried to Bribe a Judge.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 19.— Charles H.
Rathmari, the rich proprietor of the Troy
Billiard Hall at 143 Madison street, was
sent to jail this evening by Judge Free
man of the Superior Court on. the charee
of having attempted to bribe him by the
offer of a $100 bill, sent through the mail.
Rathman will remain in jail for the Grand
Jury to pass on his case, which was re
ferred to the State's Attorney by Judge
Freeman together with the jjvidence in
his possession. Rathman was being sued
tor a separate maintenance by his wife
and his case wan on the calendar lor trial
before Judge Freeman to-morrow.
Watchmen .Fir* Upon Hunter*.
CROWN POINT, Ind , Jan. 19.— Seven
watchmen, guarding the preserves of the
Tolleston Club of Chicago, ten miles
north of here, and who were armed with
Winchester rifles, fired into a hunting
I party oi sixteen men who were on the
i grounds of Jotin Clough of Chicago,
j wounding four men. Their names are:
Theodore Prott, Frank Kosti, Aivin Both
well and Charles Prott. The most intense
indignation has. been aroused among the
residents of Lake County.
Bonanza fsr Eastern Collagen.
ALBANY, N. V., Jan. 19.— The Court
of Appeals to-day decided the Fayer
weather will contest, the effect of which
is to distribute $3,C00,000 among the fol
lowing colleges in equal proportions: Ara
herst, Bowduin, Dartmouth, Williams,
Yale, Columbia, Hamilton, Lafayette,
Lincoln, Maryville, Marietta, Adelbert,
Wabash, Park, Wesleyan University, and
the universities of Rochester, Cornell,
Virginia and Hampton, and Union Theo
logical Seminary.
/try an Goina to Jrxus to Lecture.
JACKSON, Te.vn-., Jan. 19.— William J.
Bryan, late candidate for the Presidency,
passed through here yesterday, en route
to Texas to lecture at Houston , Dallas,
Austin, Waco and San Antonio. A crowd
greeted him and he made a brief address
from the depot platform. He said there
were more silver advocates now than the
day belore election, for as yet the Repub
lican party has failed to show the open
mills any moie than the opjn mints.
Mexican Indiana on the Warpath.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Jan. 19.— A special
from Chihuahua, Mex., says that a courier
arrived there bringing word to the mili
tary authorities that a band of fifty Lipan
Indians was on the warpath, commuting
depredations on settlers near Ojinoza.
They have already murdered one family.
The settlers have become alarmed and are
seeking protection in the town of Mus
quiz.
Crttiner Montgomery floated.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 19.— The
United States cruiser Montgomery, which
has been in the drydock at the Brooklyn
Navy-yard undergoing repairs since her
accident off Governors Island last week,
was floated out of the tlrydock to-day and
is ready for sea. The report of the court of
inquiry to fix the responsibility for the
damage to the cruiser will be :orwarded to
Washington as soon as it is completed.
Vlneii f'ongrattilatet >h*rmnn.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 19.-Secre
tary Olney warmly congratulated his
eventual successor in the Slat.' Depart
ment when Senator Sherman called upon
htm to-day. The Senator invited t-he Sec
retary to appear before the Foreign Rela
tions Committee to-morrow in regard to
the general arbitration treaty and secured
the Secretary's promise to attend.
General Bob- rt X Lxe's Birthday.
NASHVILLE, Term., Jan. 19.— T0-day
is the ninety-first anniversary of the birth
of General Rubert E. Lee, and every camp
in the South of tne United Confederate
Veterans has been asked to observe v by
making a money collection toward the
Memorial Institute edifice, by which it is
propoted to p rpetuate the memory of the
great Confedeiate warrior.
If reck of a UriUuli t trnnirr.
NORFOLK, Va-, Jan. 19.— The British
steamer Staffa lies on the beach at Cape
Henry with her hold full of water, her
bottom knocked out and the water flow
ing over her. Captain Ostergardt and
twenty-one sailors were rescued yesterday.
The captain state** that the steamer is a
total los«. The vaiue of the vessel and
cargo is $120,000.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 20, 1897.
UNITED STATES
SENATORS CHOSEN
William E. Mason Wins a
Hard-Fought Battle
in Illinois.
Jones of Arkansas, Vest and
Teller Meet With No
Opposition.
Platt of N w Y^rk Also Has a Walk
over—Penrose Will Take Don
Cameron's Seat.
SPRINGFIELD, 111., Jan. 19— William
E. Mason will be the next United States
Senator from Illinois. He was nominated
by acclamation at the joint Republican
caucus to-night, all other candidates hav
ing been wi:hdrawn after it became ap
parent that nothing could keep him from
receiving enough votes to make him the
caucus nominee. At noon to-morrow he
will receive the votes of the Republicans
at the joint session of the General Assem
bly, and on March 4 he will take Senator
John M. Palmer's seat.
It became evident early to-day lhat
there would be a choice to-night. Lori
mer could not hold the Cook County
forces, and it was openly reported that
Governer Tanner had transferred his al
legiance and was lending his support to
Hitt's candidacy.
There was no possible chance for Lori
mer being nominated, as there was not
another candidate wha could deliver
enough votes to him. The Cook County
members refuseJ to nominate a man out
side of Cook County when it was possible
to elect a man from the Windy City, even
if he was an avowed enemy of the ma
chine. The whole matter hinged on the
action of the Cook County members, and
it was to them tnat all candidates came
with proposals of combinations and com
promises.
A caucus was called for 4 o'clock, but at
that hour there was uncertainty among
the members as to the course to be pur
sue!. An adjournment was taken till 6
o'clock, when about twenty live members
went into the caucus. The others, about
thirteen in number, refused to participate
in the caucus, as they have never viewed
Lorimer's candidacy with approval. Sena
tor Crawford presided, aud among those
who were present were Dr. Jamieson,
member of the National Republican Com
mittee, and Sale Treasurer Hertz, who
were responsible for the withdrawal of
Madden lrom the race several days ago.
Lorimer made a short address and
thanked the members for their loyalty,
and said that he had decided to withdraw
in favor of Mason.
When the j >int caucus met it was con
ceded that Mason would be nominated on
the first ballot, but that was not neces
sary, as he received the nomination by ac
clamation, a great shout going np from
the house and galleries. Every Republi
can was present. The doors were thrown
open to the public.
Mason made an eloquent speech, and
was followed hy Messrs. Hilt, Carr, Hop
kins and Hon. Chanes E. Fuller.
William Ernst Mason was born in
Franfclinvilie, Cattaragus County, N. V..
July 7, 1850. His father was an active
abolitionist and politician, who supported
John C. Fremont for the Presidency in
185*;. In 18.38 Mr. Mason was taken by his
parents to iientonsport. Van J3uren
County, lowa. He received his education
in the public schools and at the Birming
ham College, lowa. He taught the dis
trict school for two years and was after
ward a teacher in Ds3 Moines. He b^gan
the study of iaw in that city, in the office
of Thomaa F. Withrow and came to Chi
cago with Mr. AVithrow when that lawyer
was appointed general solicitor of the
Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific Railroad.
At the end of the year Mr. Mason entered
tbe office of John N. Jewett, one of Chi
cago's bent lawyers, where he continued
his studies and the practice of law for five
year 3. In 1877 he formed a partnersbip
with Juslic- of the Peace R. H. \Vallace
and soon won a reputation as v brilliant
lawyer and orator, and active politic. an.
He was always a stanch Republican.
He was elected a member of the Thirty
first General Assembly from the old Fifth
District, ana in 1882 lie whs sent to the
State Senate from the new Ninth District.
He gained the confidence of his pitrty
by his clean record in the Legislature and
was promoted to a seat in Congress from
the Third District of Chicago. At the ex
piration of his teim Mr. Mason settled
down to the practice of bis profession in
this city and has become connected with
many notable cases. He was married is
1873 to Miss Julia Edith White, daughter
of George White, a wholesale merchant of
Dcs Moinps, lows.
DENVER, Colo., Jan. If).— Henry M.
Teller (Silver) was re-elected United States
Senator today* the vote of both houses
being non-partisan and nearly unanimous.
Nominating speeches were made by the
Democrats, Populists and Silver Repub
lican?. The total vote showed 94for Teller
and only 3 for Judge Allen, who was
named by the MrKinlevites.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., Jan. 19.— Charles
W. Fairbank (R.) was elected Senator
to-day for Indiana. The joint ballot will
take nine** to-morrow.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 19.— Platt's
vote in the New York Assembly to-day
was 112, to Hill 31. The joint ballot to
morrow will elect Platt by 147, Hill 42 and
Georee 4
WILMINGTON, Del., Jan. 19— Richard
Kenney (I).) was elected Senator by the
Delaware Legislature to-day. He is a
Iree-silver man.
BISMARCK, N. Dak., Jan. 19.— H. C.
Hansbrough (R. ) was to-day re-elected
United States Senator by a total vote of
68, again«i 25 for Bentley (Pop.).
LITTLE ROCK, Ark., Jan. 19.— The
Senate and House at Little Rock, Ark.,
re-elected Jones (D.) Senator by an over
whelming majority.
RALEIGH, N. G, Jan. 19.— Jeter C.
Pritchard (D.) was re-elected United
States Senator to-day.
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo.. Jan. 19.—Sen
ator Vest (D.) was chosen by both houses
to-da\* to succeed himself.
CONCORD, N. H., Jan. 19 —The two
houses to-day elected Jacob H. Gailinger
(it.) United States Senator.
HARRISBURG, Pa., Jan. 19.— Senator
Penros- (R.) was to-day elected United
State* Senator for Pennsylvania.
PIERRE, 8. D., Jan. 19. — The two
brancnes of the Legislature voted sepa
rately to-day for United States Senator
without result. Pickler received the en
tire Republican vote, 54, which is 10 less
than a majority. ' The tvs onist vote wns
divided as follows: Kyle 32, L nicks 14,
Plowman 12, Goodykuntz 5, Keller 3,
Weeks 5, Kirk 1. The caucus last night
held until 1 o'clock, and to-ni^bt another
is being held U> select a cindidate, but
there ii little prospect of an agreement.
TOPEKA, Kamß.. Jan. 19— The Populist
members of the Kansas Legislature are
caucusing to-night for United States Sen
ator. At 10 o'clock twelve ballots had
been taken without a choice. There are
ten candidates. The chances are against
William A. Peffer. Ex- Congressman W.
A. Harris and L. F. Km?, President pro
tern, of the State Senate, are in the lead.
STIiAXOJJ BKI>I<\ELLOfTB.
Humors of Senatorial Combinations That
i'niixr Sovie Annoyance.
N"EW YORK, N. V., Jan. 19.— A Times
special from Washington says: A few
Democratic Senators were surprised and
annoyed to-day by the publication of a
story alleging tlat three sound-money
Democrats have made a compact to vote
in the next session with the Republicans
to give the latter the organization of the,
Senate, and further to assist the Repub
licans to pass 8 tariff bill. In the fanciful
story referred to the names of the three
Senators were withheld.
It is necessary in order to judge of the
plausibility of the story to note that there
will oe of ascertained sound-money Demo
crats in the next Senate just six mem
bers— Caffery, Gray, Lindsay, Mitchell ot
Wisconsin, Murpny and Smith. The
three men in the alleged compact would
be found among these six. It is not
either of the first three, and Mitchell,
Murphy and Smith say it is not either of
them.
No one would believe for a moment that
Cafft-ry, Gray or Lindsay would co into
such a compact for patronage or for any
other reason. They certainly would not
agree to support any tariff bill that the
Republicans chose to iass, because they
are all free tariff Democrats. Murphy and
Smith might be moderate protectionists,
but they could give only two vote*, and
they would not give them away in the
fashion suggested. It was impossible to
find a Democrat yesterday wiio had heard
o! the alleged compact in or out of the
Senate.
VEMROVS uf HAHUOyY.
Senator Platl's Jfirat Lieutenant Call*
on the I'rrsidrnt-JSlrcf.
CANTON, Ohio, Jan. 19.— Edward
Lauterbach, Platt's lieutenant, called on
Major McKinley to-day and explained the
wishes and purposes of the New York Re
publican organization. Mr. Lauterbach
said the organization desired harmony,
and hoped the Federal appointments
would not be objectionable.
"We do not expect to ask for any one's
appointment," said Mr. Lauterbacli,
"Dut we trust no one will be appointed
who will interfere with the work of the or
ganization or be a source of annoyance to
it."
"What about the Cabinet?" was asked.
"New York will, in my opinion," said
Mr. Lauterbach, "have a representative in
Major McKinley's Cabinet. Of course I
don't know who will receive the honor.
We discussed several men, all of whom
would be acceptable Among them were
General Stewart L. Woodiord, Benjamin
t\ Tracey, J. fcloat Fassett and Congress
man Payne. Mr. Platt is not and will not
be a candidate for the Cabinet. He has
been suggested as a possible Secretary of
the Treasury, but I know he is satisfied
with his present position and wants to re
tain it."
Mr. Lauterbach's interview was a rather
lorrnal one.
W. J. Arkell Hamilton, the cartoon
artist, and Abner McKinley were among
the callers to-day.
TH US I WA X >>HIiRA DIS Q.
Far- Reaching lUeaiur* li-fore the lUin-
neaola Le/jiitalure.
ST. PAUL, Minn., Jan. 15.— The most
important bill of this session of the Legis
lature was that introduced to-day by
Senator Sheehan, aimed at the trusts.
The measure declares mat every form of
agreement, combine, trust, contract or
arrangement calculated to lessen competi
tion in mercantile trade or manufactur
ing shall be declared unlawful and void.
Minnesota corporations entering into
combination* of tnis kind shall forfeit
their charter, and foreign corporations
entering into such combinations shall be
excluded from the State. Managers of
trusts are subject to fines of not less than
$100 nor more than $5000 and iinpiison
ment in the State prison from one to nve
years, in the discretion of the court.
The bill mates it the duty of the
Attorney-General to enfoica the law, and
District Judges are required to specially
instruct Grand Juries as to its prov sions.
Livestock and agricultural products in
ibe hands of the producer are eicepted
from the provisions of the bill. As further
penalty for violation of the law any per
son or* firm damaged in business by the
operation of -any trust or combination
may recover the value of goods purchased.
PJTXE'S CUAfiCEH ARE SLIM.
Witeontin Will I'robnbly Not He Jtepre-
aenttd in the < abinet.
CANTON, Ohio, Jan. 19.— Ex-Senator
John C. "Spooner of Wisconsin reached
Canton this evening. Mr. Spooner came
to c#nfer with the President-elest about
the selection of a Cabinet officer from
Wisconsin. Mr. Spooner thinks Henry
0. Payne ought to be appointed, and says
the active politicians of the State are bo
hind him. Major McKinley has not in
timated what his intentions are with refer
ence to the appointment of Mr. Payne,
but the belief prevails that the chances
are that Wisconsin will not be represented
in the Cab net.
Major and Mrs. McKinley, accompanied
by a number of friends, attended a con
cert at the opera-house to night. It was
the first appearance of Major McKinley
here at a place of amusement since his
nomination.
M. A. lianna is expected here to-mnr
row.
J. W. Yorkes of Kentucky called on
Major McKinley to-night to susgest the
apt-ointment of John Boyle of Louisville
to the position of Attorney-General.
JASTJtTTCHOJtS TO 'IHURSTOA.
XebraaHa'* 1,-ginlnture Anltt Him to
Champion Free Silver.
LINCOLN, Nebr , Jan. 19.— 1n the State
Senate to-d iy Ransom of Douglas County
offered a resolution which is intended as
instructions to United States Senator John
M. Thurston. He reiterated at length the
letters and declarations of Senator Thurs
ton on the financial question prior to his
election. He quoted largely from Mr.
Thurston's letters to Jay Burrows of Ne
braska and the speech made by him when
he was elected to the United States Sen
ate, declaring in favor of free silver and in
opposition to the single gold standard ana
asking to be instructed by the Legislature.
The resolution then declares that it is
the sense of the present Legislature that
Senator Thur-ton be instructed to vote
and use his test endeavors to secure
free coinage of silver and that certified
copies of the resolution be transmuted to
Senator Thurston. No action was talcen.
Senator Ransom's ground for offering the
resolution is that Senator Thurston when
elected requested suggestions from the
Legislature.
Governor Jtuthm-ll ITtU Wail.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 19.— Governor
Bushnell of Ohio, in an interview with a
reporter of the United Associated Presses
to-day, said he would take no action one
way or the other toward the selection of a
successor for Senatorial honors in place of
Senator Sherman until the resignation of
the latter was in his hands.
Ex-Govornor Long' a Denial.
BOSTON, Mass., Jan. 19.— Ex-Governor
Long says that there is nothing in the re
ports that he has accepted the navy port
folio.
ttw*Htro'* Oeatu Stintenc Affirmed-
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo., Jan. 19.— The
Supreme Court to-day affirmed the deci
sion of the lower court in the case o! Ar
thur Duestro of St. Louis, who shot and
killed his wife and child during a drunken
frenzy three years ago. Duestro has
twice been sentenced to hang.
FATHER CONATY
DULY INSTALLED
New Rector of the Catholic
University Assumss
Office.
Many Distinguished Prelates
and Friends Attend the
Pretty Ceremony,
Fine Sentiments Expressed in the
Pontifical Brief of Ap
pointment.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 19.— Key.
Thomas J. Conarty of Worcester, Mass.,
was installed as rector of the Catholic
University of America this afternoon.
The exercises took place in the assembly
room of the McMahon Hall of Philosophy,
where a large and distinguished audience
had gathered. Among those composing
it were Senator and M rs. Carter, Senator
and Mrs. Roach, Sinator Smith, Hon.
D. I. Murphy, Commissioner of Pensions;
the wives of Brazilian and Mexican Min
isters; Senor Andrade, the Venezuelan
Minister, and Senora Andradj; the Mar
quis de Chambres and the Marquise de
Uhambres; Miss Fair and Miss Goelet of
New YorK ; General Thomas O. Vincent,
U. B. A. ; Bishop Hurst of the Methoaist
University ana representatives of local
and near-by educational institutions.
A large delegation frotn New York,
Brooklyn, AVorcester, Springfield and
other places was also present. Among its
members were John Byrne of New York,
Major John D. Kelley of Brooklyn, John
McGuire, Surveyor of the Port of New
York; Rev. Father Lavelle, rector of the
New York Cathedral; General Boyd
Bryce, Rev. B. S. Conaty of Sprinzfleld, a
brother of Dr. Conaty; Miss K. C. Canaty,
his sister, and several priests from Massa
chusetts.
Patrick Conaty, the venerable father of
the new rector, who accompanied the
party to Washington, was unable to at
tend on account of fatigue.
On the platform with Dr. Conaty were a
number of distinguished Catholic clergy.
Cardinal Gibbons, Archbishop Ryan of
Pniladelphia, Archbishop Elder of Cincin
nati, Bisiiop-eiect Prendegast of Philadel
phia, Monsignor Mminelli, the Papal
Delegate; Bishop Donahue of Wheeling,
Bis-hop Beaver of Springfield, Right Rev.
John Fariey, Bishop of New York; Mon
signor Griffin, Monsignor McMahon of the
Catholic University. Monsignor McGinnis
of 80 -ton. All were arrayed in their robes
of office.
The faculties of the university and lay
branches of the university appeared in
their cassocks and gowns, and tne divinity
and lay students were also attired in their
appropriate dress, the former in cassocks
and barretas and the latter in gowns and
trencher caps. Most oi the lay students
wore capes and ribbons of the papal col
! ors, gold and white, with which the Me
if anon Hail was tastefully decorated.
The proceedings began ai 4 o'clock. The
pontifical brief of appointment was read
by Professor Daniel W. Shea, secretary of
university, as follows:
Tn Our Beloved Son, James, Cardinal Gibbons.
Archbiahop of Batimore: .Beloved son, health
aud apostolic benediction. It is with pleasure
that we have received the letter wnich you
sent us from the meeting held in Washington
to designate another president of the uni
versity, evincing, as it does, our eager desire
desire* <o provide for the welfare of the great
neat cf learning. Yielding to your request,
we have considered the names ot those candi
dates whom you have proposed as worthy to
discharge the office of rector.
Of these we have deemed fit to choose by
our authority we do hereby approve the first
on the lfst, namely, Thomas J. Conaty, hereto
fore parish priest iv Worcester and president
of the summer school. Both the learning and
zeal for the advancement of religion, which
characterize this distinguished man. whom
you by your joint.cuff rages recommend, in
spires v* with the well-grounded hope thai his
i efforts will not bo without abundant fruits in
| watching over the interests of the university
| and in enhancing its luster.
How dear to our heart is this matter cannot
\ but be well known to you, for you nre aware
now unyielding was our solicitude in founding
I thi-i institution that we might deservedly
I reckou it among those works which, in the m
i terest of religion and science, we have out ol
our loving affection undertaken furtherance of
| for the glory oiyoureountry and which we have
| with God's help been able to bring to a ha;>py
\ issue. Meanwhilei as an earnest of heavenly
: grate, and as an evidence of our spirit of good
I will, wo most iovinglyin the Lord impart to
j you. our beloved sou, to the new president of
the university and to all its faculty the apos
toiic benediction.
Given in Roma at St. Peter on the 23d day of
November, 1896, the nineteenth year of our
pontificate. Leo, IP. Xfll.
Another address by Cardinal Gibbons
and his references to Bishop Keane and
Dr. Conaty were applauded.
Tue Very Rev. Phillip J. Garrigan, vice
rector of the university, presented to Dr.
Conaty the book of the constitutions and
the university seal.
Dr. Conaty was applauded loudly when
he arose todeliver his inaugural discourse.
He was applauded frequently, and really
made an excellent impression.
After tne exercises, Dr. Conaty becan a
reception in the rotunda of McMahon
Hall. Among the congratulatory tele
grams he received was this one from
Bishop Keane, dated Rome: "Cordial
greetings, prosit."
TREMENDOUS MX PL. OS! OX.
Powder and Dynninite Magazine Ignited
at a Mobile Fire.
MOBILE, Ala., Jan. 19.— This after
noon the Dixie planing mill was destroyed
by fire. Sparks from the fire caused a
tremendous explosion at tne city magazine
near by, and several persons were seri
iou«ly hurt.
At the time of the explosion there was
50,000 pounds of powder and 300 pounds
of dynamite stored in the magazine. The
air in the vicinity was iilled with flying
bricks and a number of cottages were
blown to pieces by the terrific explosion,
which was distinctly heard at Spring Hill,
seven miles west of the city and at least
ten or twelve miles from the explosion.
The inacessibility of the place makes it
impossible to verify all the reports as to
the casualities to human life.
Into a Jteceivenhip.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 19.— The Engle
wood and Chicago Electric Street Railway
went into the hands of a receiver to-day.
Proceedings were brought in the United
Slates court at the instigation of New
bondholders. This is believed to be part
or a plan to reorganize the corn pan v. The
company when organized sold $700,CL0
bonds to New York bonds people, but
$303,000 more is needed to complete the
system. It is Delieved the stockholders
will relinquish their holdings, and the
road will be completed by .^organization
in the interest of the bondholders.
I'rynn I-iritsd to Make an Addres*.
RICHMOND. Va., Jan. J9.— Hon. Wil
liam J. Bryan has been invited to deliver
the final address before the Washington
and Jefferson societies of the University
of Virginia. He says lie will give a
definite answer within a month.
NEW TO-DAY— CLOTHING.
I ' ! ImS* tT< Hi I! i I r^n 1 1/ \
ill I I ' i Ifj i^f >ry i '
Ml I F /^LEA^V^ i I
I if f Lsrtit- 7 Ya 1 I
'Bo m^Sf^ iSSBU o
g^^HSweeping:
»^^^Mnarder
'f^ 'I'll 1 all''^t^^% As the Sweep Sale is drawing
kM, J? /-P^wfll |/ja^^£®i a close, naturally the lines
Ms f $ MflaWlp" jM - -^ e^ drawn down finer and -finer,
El ifX/ / il il' and the consequences are that
P^ J ; '' '\J>^ (^ day night, and%ve ain't stopping
'Wt*M I n 6r / \. \ \ °t losses t° accomplish that end.
jgsl&jl! , j^\ i^ysm " V We're noted for our dare-devil
j|||! r/j Ila ' * r A spirit, and we're also noted for
M^ l&ll^ ! 1 '^^AJr\ doing exactly as we advertise,
-^A M '* '^— J^^ hence the relations between the
|i public and ourselves are of the
ImW^^^ l^ "il&Y^ pleasantest character.
R^fe?^l4s^ ■'' 1 @J st 6 ??7 '^^ P an> a^
liFw "^ '^^Mlk\\ r P>€ a pretty little Suit, or a Reefer
iPr^H^^Sl^^i^i I f^^ - IPo/; <>r '^ 07> ari or some
Wf ) , *vy ' I e^P kind of a Swell Winter Garment
¥ * H B^l^ffLi (the swell kind is the oyily kind,
F i if K^^^^^^c^^ that we keep), you want to come
L | ! :¥ WSS^^^^^^vl quick and look at the tables in
W^^^nk^ ie center aisle of our Juvenile
W*3 /A\V-^^^^m^m Department. Wherever the gar-
'// W^^^^^J^^^P ments have sold- down to Jf, 3, 2
MM / W'^^m^^^^^^ and lof a kind yoiu get 'cm at
W^k/ I half price, yes, and at even less
m 3& A pJ^^te^^^^ an< half price. We're sweeping
K^M i 5 J *i§i harder this morning than ever
II Si V 1 An^Artistic --^
t^H^^^^l i$P If you lucre to see one of the
"^C l^^^^ v4^^^ garments that we have on sale
SKK^SS^^l7^Bl at $8.50 on a friend of yours
l^^^^"^^^^tL4 " /- ;c^^ a 7 '°^ c 6 cleverness of the
*'Ws% cut of the garment, the perfect -
i^^^^^^^^' I 7^ es ? °^' in t a il° r i ll< 2 > the rich
WW^ 'S-^^^^^^l. [ffi&SM linings and trimmings, the gen-
* eral swell appearance, and. were
B®^W^%wS2Bm 7ie eW IJOW tluit he paUl $?-- :i0
Ha /J^ /■•■^^S^^^^^ for it, you'd think he iv as josh-
M WiMMmM ing. Butit'snojosh; it's straight
%ffl \ l^^^^^^^S business. We're closing out all
W s~ owr Jirtes ;£7&a£ so?^ down to
' ! M I "? "VHi I^^^^^^^^ 'cm ; garments for dress occa-
jll't^jj I |_J b^^^^^~\^ sions, for business use and for
Sgul TiU they're all gone, and that
ft & ¥ \i r -^^'^ I n
P^^^^^^t^^r | fr = s^^ pared for man's wear with more
\\ x^^^^^^A ' ffi • ■ c °vcrt cloths, such garments that
iplllplp^'''^^^^ In our Hat Department, de-
■ J&sMsM> ' ■ \ ■ W®&mk'' voted to men, we are doing some,
>l^%!f§iPlL»^ • I^^^S.' lively sweeping. Small lines,
■ [Mp\^ dH you' know ; Hats that have sold
l^^^^^^^^^—^^S^^^^m down to Jj,, 3, 2 and lof a kind.
'^^^^Mr^ , -^v Some $2 goods among 'em;
I^P^f/ *^ some $1.95 goods among 'em;
some $150 goods among 'cm;
IrclfciiP^ l^-^^ "i^^^^^w some $1.75 g00ds among 'em.
'lillSa^^iL 7jjc7o in- our Men's Big
a^ Dvpart 111611 * 1 °f am J °f ' 61} V
____ . : <j^/ ' ' ■ . '\ : ■•'■ ,'.-. . * (
raphaeDs
(INCORPORATED),
——THE FRISCO BOYS
9, 11, 13 and 15 Kearny Street.
AMERICA'S GREATEST CLOTHIERS.
34
TINY HANDS PEN
A TOUCHING NOTE
Father and Child Reunited
Through the Medium
of a Letter.
Little Clara Gordon Comes Alone
From Sweden to Join Her
Parent.
Sent For After She Had Written of
Her Divorced Mother's Incarcera
tion in an Asylum-
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 19.— A beau
tiful and touching romance was brought
to light to-day in an action before Judge
Allen of the Superior Court for the ap
pointment of a father as his child's
guardian, he having been divorced from
the little one's mother.
In the spring of 1894 Mrs. Clara M.
Gordon and her husband, Thomas Gor
don, who were living in the city, had a
disagreement that resulted in a divorce.
The suit was brought by Mrs. Gordon,
and a decree was granted to her on March
17, 1894. The couple had one c ild, a
little girl, at that time 8 years of age,
and the custody of the child was awarded
to the mother.
Mrs. Gordon, who had gone with her
little daughter to Sweden, became insane
a year ago and was confined in an asylum
at Stockholm, being later removed to an
asylum at Nypring, where she is at the
present time.
After Mrs. Gordon lost her mind, the
daughter, little Clara Gordon, who had
grown to be a winsome and intelligent
child, wrote a letter to her father, and it
must have stirred his heart to the depths.
It was unconsciously pathetic In it the
little ftirl informed "her papa that her
mother had lost her mind, and that it
made her very sad, and asked her faiher
to send for her, because she felt so lonely;
Mrs. Gordon became temporarily bet- I
ter, and during the lucid interval she set j
in motion the wheels of government in ;
Sweden to have her daughter sent back to |
America and placed in charge of the j
father. After she grew wur-e the child j
was started on the long journey and ar- j
rived safely. Since that time she has j
been receiving Ler father's care. The j
child'i touching letter may brin^ about a !
reconciliation between her parents.
SUCCESS OF THE FAIR.
Citizens Y e fifth Each O.her in Efforts
to Make the Exposition
Attractive.
LOS ANGELES, Cal.. Jan. 19.— The
home products exhibit at Hazards Pavilion i
in this city is a unique aggregation of ;
articles manuractured m Southern Cali
fornia. The management, with great j
sagacity, has provided special feature
days for the whole term of the exposition.
This has brought about a spirit of friendly
rivalry between the associations oi special
interests, and these are now vying with
each oiher 10 m^k? e;ich day a greater
success than its preileetssors.
Drummers' day promises to te most
interesting, since the knights of the grip-
Back never do things by halves. They in
tend to manage mat day to stiit them- j
selves. Then there is a baby day, alid i
scores of proud mothers tc Souther? Ca i- i
fernia are planning lor the great occasion. j
Citrus-belt babies are woriu-beaters, as is
weii known. The day will witness the at
tendance of thousands of people.
The railway companies, lealizint; the
importance of the lair, have a reed to
make special rates from Southern Califor
nia points.
The town is fairly well filled with tour
ists, who are delighted at ti»e opportunity
to see what kind of Ihiugsare made in
this far-wes em country, with its wildness
and wooliness. There are quite a number
of small factory plants in machinery hall,
which are in rapid operation, turning out
implements and wares for the market.
For instance, tnere is a small shoe factory,
the managers of which announce that
they '*will take your measure and make
you an elegant pair of shoes while you
wait," and the waiting is limited to ten
minute?.
This was W. C. T. U. day, and the white
ribbon brigade was in command, render
ing a splendid and varied programme to a
iarge number of ladies.
_ — .
Murder }Vaa dilated.
LOS AXGEL2S, Cal., Jan. 19.— 1n the
trial of Fred Bartleman for the murder of
his wife, Mrs. Angie Lord, an eye-witness
of the crime, to-day testified that the
murderer met his wife on the street and
demanded that she give him their child.
She refused, and he immediately drew a
revolver and tired four shois, killing her
instantly. The meeting was brought
about by a note he had sent to his wife.
Volic. CAevk f.rerelt's Shortage.
LOS ANGELES, Cat,., Jan. 19— The
Grand Jury expects to show that the ab
sconding Poiice Court clerk, W. W. Ever
ett, was short $4000 in his cash due the city.
Of this amount his bondsmen are re
sponsible for $2877. All hope of arresting
the defaulter is iyei» up. He is known to
be in Mexico and i:i bad health, so lhat he
is expected to live but a few .months.
VKIAH FAVORS J-OSTER.
Applaud* Bit Victory Over Smith in the
Supreme Court.
UKIAH, Cal., Jan. 19.— That tne resi
dents of this place are in sympathy with
A. W, Foster in his fight against Sidney
V. Smith for control of the San Francißco
and North Pacific Railway Company is
evident by the resolution which was
passed by the Board of Trustees of this
place at a meetine Held last cv.cuing. The
resolution, a copy of which was forwarded
to Mr. Foster to-day, is as follows:
Resolved, That the people of T'kiah City, rep
resented by their Board of Trustees, view with
pleasure and satisfaction the recent victory of
A. W. Foster Esq. in his litigation with Sidney
V. Smith and otners, which litigation involved
the control of the management of the San
Francisco and North Pacific Railway Com
pany; that the people of Ukiah City regard
Mr. Foster as their iriend and as having al
ways been devoted to their success and the
best interests of the town.
Her Inquiry Came Too lute.
NAPA, Cal., Jan. 19.— A letter has been
received at the Sheriff's office from a sister
of murderer Roe — Mrs. Emma Dearth of
Marietta, Ohio. Mrs. Dearth did not know
that Roe was to be executed so soon and
wrote inquiring if there were any steps
she could take toward getting his punish
ment lightened. The Sheriff has answered
the letter, telling her of the execution last
.Friday.
Sacramento Workmen Injured.
SACRAMENTO. Cal., Jan. 19.— While
the brickmasons were at work on the ad
dition to Ruhstaller's brewery this morn
ing the gable at the end of the new build-
ing fell in upon them. Al Starr and
Ctiorles Hanson each had his right lee
broken. Dick Carsaw was severely bruised
about the chest and arms, and 6everal
other were slightly bruised. It is stated
that the accident was due to (he fact that
the continued damp weather would not
allow the mortar to set.
SAN DIEGO EJECTMENTS.
Squatters on Lands Claimed by the
Southern California Ordered
to Depart.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Jan. 19.— T0-da7
the Sheriff served writs of ejectment upon
thirty squatters on the water front. Some
of them agreed to leave as soon as they
could remove their cabins and find a
place to go to. Others stated that they
would not leave. They were then notified
that if they did not vacate to-morrow
they would be forcibly ejected on Thurs
day morning and their shanties torn
down.
There is considerable excitement over
the threatened disturbance. The land is
claimed by the Southern California Rail
way as part of its right ot way. A suit
for possession was decided in favor of the
company a few weeks ago, since which
time the company's surveyors have been
running lines so as io locate the extent
of the company's lands. Those within
these limits will be removed. Tbe squat
ters make no claim to the lands, but
deny that the railroad company has any
title, alleging that it has violated its
charter in removing the maciiine-shop3
from National City. They also claim
that some of the lands belong to the city
and some to the State, having been
bought from unknown owners at delin
quent sales.
S.«JV RAFAEL t.JiIERTAIXMEST.
Mr*. Edyertan Jieitdi a J'aper and J*
lendered a Jleeeptiim.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., Jan. 19.— The La
dies' Aid Society of the Presbyterian
church gave its initial entertainment,
winter series, last evening. The feature
was a reading by Mrs. Frances Edgerton.
Her paper was on "Portia, the Perfect
Woman," and she delighted a large and
fashionable audience with her masterly
handling of the subject.
A ter the entertainment Mrs. \V. G.
Corbaiey tendered to Mrs. Edeenon an
informal reception at her residence. Mrs.
Edgerton gave a few short selections to
the select company. Ed Newhall enter
tained them by his own version of "The
boy stood on the burning deck, " which
was highly amusing. Light refreshments
were served.
Cloverdale'o Citrus fair.
CLOVERDALE, Cal.. Jan. 18.— The
Citfus Fair directors at a special meeting
last night decided definitely on the datea
for the coming fair — February 17 to 22, in
cluding Washington's birthday. The fair
this year will assume a wider scope than
those of the past. Where before only ihe
growers of fruits in Cloverdale Township
were allowed to exhibit, th s time a gen
eral invitation is extended to the whole of
Sonoma county. There are many favored
localities in Sonoma County where citrus
fruits are grown, and some line outside
displays may be expected. Olives are also
extensively grown in this county and
leading growers are anxious to make an
exhibit of their fruit in all its stages from
tiie green olive to the finished pickle and
olive oil. Prominent displays ol Sonoma
wines and deciduous fruits will be thown.
The Glenmorag Abandoned.
PORTLAND, Or.. Jan. 19.— The third
and almost successful attempt to raise
] the stranded Glenmorag from its
! berth in the sands of Long Beach was
| made yesterday, but again an onshore
I wind with its accompanying sea arose,
! baffling all efforts of the wreckers and
I throwing the ship back on the beach,
j where in ail probability it will lie until
j reduced to old iran for the scrap pile.
I Captain Burns has decided to abandon
! the vessel.
FIELD TRIALS ON KERN MEADOWS
Rare Sport Enjoyed by the Owners of
Thoroughbred Dogs— Barbecue
Planned tor To-Day.
BAKERSFIELD, Cat... Jan. 19.— The
sports of the second day of the Field
Trials opened bright and early this morn
ing and continued until after 5 o'clock
this afternoon. The crowd present was
not any larger than yesterday, but as full
of interest for the events. The day proved
fair and warm and the birds more plen
tiful. Z'-vMi
To-morrow will end the Derby. In the
afternoon a barbecue of ail the meats that
hungry sportsmen delight to eat will be
enjoyed at the W:b!e ranchbouse. This is
classed as "the event of the occasion."
The barbecue is to be supplied by the good
friends of the Coursing Club and it will be
everything that big-hearted hospitality
can make it. ,■:■ i
The first brace that went down in the
morning was Captain A. C. Jones' Donna
Alicia and Wyatt Allen's Eli. These dogs
did some good work. The first displayed
the most speed and the widest range. . •
.The second brace was C. A. Haight's
Glennwood and A. T. OoJghan's Speedy.
They were put on scattered birds. They
ran through them, flushed a number, but
mnde no points.
The third was R. C. Irvin's Chlmmie
Madden and J. H. Schumacher's Valiente.
In this one a covey was flushed by the
horsemen, the dogs flushing many, but
getting no points. Valiente is a fast,
stylish doc, with wide range. "
These were .followed by K. B. Funk's
Stamboul Queen an<i A. B. Trueman's
Lady Swizler. The Queen did not do so
well", but she showed the best style and
speea.
Then came the fifth brace, J. F. Hughes'
Bueno and H. D. Black's Topsy. Both
displayed some good work, but broke and
ran at every shot. They have no show,
however, of getting into the second series..
Two braces in the second series were set
down. Thry were maae. up of Wicklow
and Sadie Hopkins and ' Countess ■ K. and
Donna Alicia. In- the first Sadie out
classed Wicklow in every respect.
The last brace cave the best exhibition
of any so far during the trials. Both
showed excellent range and speed. Coun
tess X worked faster and coveted her
ground more thoroughly. This concluded
the day's sport,.
«
l-lnn* for Han Jo»e'» Dog f-hoxc.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 19. -The board of
directors of the Santa Clara Valley Poul
try and Kennel Club to-day agreed upon
March 31 and April 1, 2 and 3 as the
dates for the doe show in this city. J.
Otis Fellows, the well-known farrier of
rfornellsville, N. V«, will act as judge.
The exhibit will be mad« in Turn V train
Hall. A large number of valuable prizes
will be offered. Fanciers from all over tne
State have signified their Intention to ex
hibit at the show, and it is expected that
about 500 thoroughbred canines will be
entered.
Racing at Arts Urlean*.
NEW ORLEANS, La., Jan. 19.— Six furlongs,
Simon W won, Nina Louise second, Miss Verne
third. Time. 1:14%.
Three furlong*, Dr. Blakeley won, Mill
Stream second, Percy F third. Time, :37%.
One and a quarter miles, hurdles. Granada
won, Foley second, Mr. Duulap third. Time.
2:2234.
Five furlongs, Minnie llui hy yon, Hill
Billy second, Necedah third. ta l:iS8.
One and an eighth miles, Cot iving won,
Paris second, Ligntfoot third. Time, 1 :56 V*.
One and an eighth miles, Dorothy Third w on,
Ceuntew Irma second, Constant third. Time,
1:57.
The alarming Cold which begins with a fever,
headache and oppressed brea huig. can ba cured
■ with Dr. B. JayDe's Expectorant and Sanative
Pills. '.'■;'■: .v . -'V:(":H"/-j. J .';"..
For the Liver use Jayne's Painless Sanative Pills.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY JANUARY 20, 1897.
BITTER STRIFE
OVER A CHILD
Stockton Judge to Decide a
Contest Between Its
Parents.
San Franciscan and His Wife
Carry Their Quarrel
Into Court
Each Determined to Gain. Possession
of Their Twelve- Year-Old
Daughter.
STOCKTON, Cal., Jan. 19.— Several
weeks ago Mrs. Charles Yoell, wife of a
San Francisco harness-maker, arrived in
Stockton with her 12-year-old daughter.
She had some differences with her hus-
Dand and was determined, at all hazards,
to retain the custody of the child. In
order to keep her where Yoell could not
get her, she placed the child in the con
vent here and ferbid any one seeing her.
Yoell telephoned from San Francisco
last Saturday invoking the aid of the
Sheriff and Chief of Police of this city to
find the girl. Deputy Sheriff Black
located her in the convent, and the father
was notified. He arrived this morning
with a letter from Secretary Holbrook of
the Boys' and Girls' Aid Society of San
Francisco, asking that the custody of the
girl be awarded to him. He sought the
aid of the officers and of Mr.". Loomis,
secretary of the Society for the Prevention
of Cruelty to Children, of this city.
When the father demanded his daughter
at the convent he was unsuccessful, but
late this afternoon Mrs. Loornis succeeded
in convincing the sisters that he was the
proper custodian of the child and she was
turned over to him.
When the mother learned this she en
gaged the services of an attorney, and he
went before Judg- Budd, procuring a writ
of habeas corpus directing that the girl be
produced in court to-morrow morning.
In the meantime she is at the home of
Mrs. Loomis, and to-morrow there will De
a battle royal in court between the father
and mother to determine which wil
finally have the custody of the child.
REUNITED AFTER MANY YEARS.
Aged Stockton Woman Surprised by the
Cowing of Her Long-Missing
Son.
STOCKTON, Cal., Jan. 19.— Last Friday
morning a young man, shivering with
cold, knocked at the floor of a little cot
tage back of the big water tank at the
corner of Sacramento and Lafayette
streets. In response to the knock an aged
woman appeared at the door and looked
inquiringly at him. The young man was
the first to speak. "Are yuu Elizabeth
Aikley?" he asked.
"Yes." was the answer.
"Mother, don't you Know me? I am
Johnny."
"Thank God!" was all she said, and
they fell into each other's arm?.
Mrs. Aikley and her son, who is now 28
years of age, had not seen each other since
March 4, 1870. The story in connection
with the parting of mother and son was
told by Mrs. Aikiey this morning. She
had left San Francisco twenty-seven years
ago to establish a home in Stockton.
She finally settled here, but since then
had been unable to find any trace of her
three sons, whom she left in San Fran
cisco. For years she had been endeavor
ing to get some clew to their whereabouts,
but without avail. She wrote to Chief
Crowley, but his efforts in the old lady's
behalf were unsuccessful. Last week she
obtained information that led her to be
lieve one of her sons was in San Francisco
and she wrote to him. He arrived by boat
Friday and found his mother after seven
teen years of absence.
SACKAMLATU Jtf-*A liCMIOETt.
Valite Game Worked Upon a Gullible
Jieaident of the Capital.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 19.— The
time-honored valise game was played here
on Joseph Lycodord yesterday. Several
dayß ago Lycodord "became acquainted
with a young man, who yesterday intro
duced him to two friends, who, he stated,
were traveling through the country.
Lycodord invited them to his house. One
began asking information on banking
methods, showing some bank notes and
stating that he would deposit them if he
could draw them out when needed.
Lycodord, in order to make a practical
demonstration, took them to the bank and
drew $300. At his home Lycodord put his
money, with that of ttie other man into
a valise. The sharpers then left, and this
morning when Lycodord opened the valise
he found only a piece of iron.
MISS JWAAS C ' 1 1'lXVL.i.TES.
Damage Suit Against the formal School
! acuity JUnmlsned.
SAN. JOSE, Cal., Jan. 19.— The $10,000
damage suit of Miss Lulu E. Mess against
Principal A. H. Randall and the faculty
of the State Normal School of this city
was dismissed to-day by Judge Hyland on
the failure of plaintiff to answer the de
murrer of the defendants. The suit was
for damages for the expulsion of plaintiff
from the school on November 9 last, it
being alleged that the faculty had accused
her of being immoral and untruthful.
Rancher Machado Acquitted.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 19.— Antonio
Machado, charged with making a deadly
assault npon Harry Bates with a pitch
tork, was this morning acquitted in
Judge Lorigan's court by a jury after fif
teen minutes' deliberation. The assault
was alleged to have taken place during a
dispute over a water right. Machado is
a farmer near Mil pitas, and bates was
employed in the vicinity.
Sell Through a sin,H,,ht.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 19.— James Mof
fatt, a workman at tne Wehner ranch at
Evergreen, fell through a skylight of one
of the buildings this morning and sus
tained severe injuries. Tho distance of
the fall was about twenty feet. He was
badly cut about the head and two of his
cits were broken.
Fate of a Jiicycle. Thief.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 19.— Christian
Anderson, alias Paul Peterson, convicted
of grand larceny in having stolen a bicycie
from F. M. Keesling of this ciiy. was to
day sentenced to sixteen months' impris
onment in San Queniin by Judge Lorigan.
After stealing tne wheel Anderson fled to
Portland, Or., where he was caDtured and
returned.
On Trial for Murder.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. ».— The trial of
Robina Grabiella for the murder of Vi
cenzo Esebelio, on November 26 last,
began in Judge Lorigan's court to-day.
The men had been calling on friends west
of town, and when returning on Park
avenue, near the Guadalupe Creek, quar
reled with each other. Grabieila nearly
sovered Esebello's head with a razor. The
defendant claims he acted in self-defense.
The day was occupied in impaneling a
jury.
II ant* Darttntjrs for a Dofj'a Bile.
SAN JOSE Cal., Jan. 19.— A peculiar
damage suit is now pending in Jnstice
Dwyer's court, in which a large Bt.
Bernard dog is the virtual defendant,
although the action is brought against
his owners.Messrs. Hirsch and Schlenker,
proprietors of the New York Exchanae
Hotel. The plaintiff, W. J. Tannehill,
alleges tnat on November 20. 1898, his
son, W. Tannehill, was viciously attacked
and bitten by the St. Bernard. The dog
will probably be brought forward to testify
in his own behalf, as best he may, as to
his mild and amiable disposition.
JUOXTEHEX It AT GAME.
Record* for Big Catches Broken by Fith-
ermen Thin Tear.
MONTEREY, Cal., Jan. 19.— The fish
ing industry, long the leading pursuit of
a large portion ot" Monterey'9 population,
is now showing greater prosperity than
tor many years. Such quantities of fish
of various Kinds have been caught of late
that the supply exceeds the demand at
San Francisco, San Jose and other markets
to which iishermenship tneir catches, and
in consequence two buildings have been
put up on the beach in New Monterey,
where the sardines and herrings which
are caught by thousands in the bay will
be cured and canned.
Among the shipments of fish made dur
ing the week from the place were ten tun
nies or giant mackerel. A notable catch
of the week, made by students of Hop
kins Laboratory at Pacific Grove, was a
thirty-loot man-eating shark, which is be
ing prepared at the laboratory and is now
nearly ready for its place in the museum
of Stanford University.
STANFORD CLASS JSZBCTIOX.
Charles S. lope Chosen President of the
Seniors.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., Jan.
19 — The senior class met in the chapel
this afternoon to elect officers for the
present semester. After the usual prelim
inaries the class proceeded to ballot. As
usual, interest centered chiefly in the
race ior the class presidency. The first
ballot showed that Charles S. Pope was
the popular choice. Pope is a student in
civil engineering. He has always been a
strong class sympathizer, although he has
not previously held office. He is a mem
ber of the Chi Psi Fraternity.
The other offices were rilled as follows:
Vice-president, Chris Henue; secretary,
Miuot F. Pratt; treasurer, Chris Henne;
historian, H. Z. Osborne Jr.; sergeant-at
arms, J. h. Rice; ba^eball manager, Ben
jamin Thomas; football manager, Miss
Jordan.
ASS T ALLEY US CESItI AHIbM.
Fire. Started »>» a Church Where a lie-
viral Sleeting Was in Progress.
GRASS VALLEY, Cal., Jan. 19.— Just
before the revival meeting closed at the
Methodist Church last night a fire was
discovered in the rear of the building.
It caused considerable excitement, the
people hurrying pellmell from the exits.
The prompt action of several men pre
vented a disastrous conflagration.
The blaze was evidently started by an
incendiary. It was discovered that a
lamp wick saturated with oil had been
used, and no person connected with the
church had occasion to use such a wick
on the premises.
1O SHELL TAHITI REBELS.
French Warships Ordered to the Island
of haiatea.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash.. Jan. 19.—
The news is received by sailing vessel
from Tahiti that the French have ordered
tnen-of-war and a transport ship to visit
the island of Raiatea, which is populated
by about 350 rebellious natives.
The warships will shell the island and
subdue the rebels. The fleet was to have
left, the day after the Courtney .Ford saiied
for Port Town send.
Astoria's Diphtheria Epidemic.
ASTORIA, Or., Jan. 19.— Diphtheria is
epidemic here. The school board this
aiternoon ordered the schools closed for at
least a month. Mayor Taylor has called
a special meeting of the City Council for
to-morrow morning to consider the health
of the city. So far the deaths have been
few, but many cases exist.
J-'frt J*»nr <ims» Valley.
GRASS VALLEY. Cat,., Jan. 19.— Tiie
residence of Richard Connolly near the
Hermosa mine was destroyed by fire eariy
this morning. The dwelling was insured
for $1000. The origin of the fire is un
known.
ABSOLUTELY FREE.
There are hundreds of men who are suffering and need
help. Many weak and weary men would like to recover their
lost strength, lost vitality, and stop the pre-.^^
maturity ;to these men a genuine offer is -^&tigßsim\
made. The doctors of the Hudson Tfo
Medical Institute will give them Ih\ to. Ik
It is a well-known V\ % w^^^^B^
fact that the warn \ U \f^^MbwP^^
doctors Vi\\^^^^ tiie
..^^^Babttlffm wHW WkjriKJP'^ Medical Insti-
wS^JJbSB^ 1 "^ tute are tlie origina-
■m W^» % ¥« ■Lrfii'SP^ tors of the famous remedy
yb m. \^J|^H^^ treatment, Hudyan. This rem-
W J~ifTOpp^^ edy treatment cures loss of ere rgy, loss
ladjl^ of appetite, trembling of the hands, palpita-
tion of the heart, melancholia, loss of vitality, loss
of vigor, prematureness of the discharge, and it is absolutely
certain to cure you. , It; is ascertain as certain can be. Hudyan
is perfectly harmless, but sure ; ; 1000 people have used it ; 1000
people know it is good 1000 deople say it is good. "The
doctors guarantee." V \_ -.- -/."'. ] ; .
•oooooooooooooooooo* . 4
• Send for - $ ; FREE ADVICE. 5 .
0 O
•oooooooooooooooooo*
• Circulars and Testimonials.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
'Ellis, Stockton and Market Sts.
pi Ann Df^lCtOAl A reliable cure for the first, secondary
DIaUUU rUIO Will • or ternary form of Blood Poison Istho
■■■.-■.:'■ ':&-.:{iv:;'i;?>r,:"3O-daycure." Send for circulars of
• '" - ...' . ■-■ -,•:•. .-. -'."30-day cure." ■■ '■...'". .•■..-■ ■ ■
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
1. Ellis, Stockton and Market Sts. , "\
•■:...-■•■ ■■ ■ . • . " . - ' •
JURORS SWORN
IN SANDERS' CASE
Twelve Fresnoites Chosen
to Sit in Judgment
on the Forger.
Judge and Lawyers Marvel at
the Rapidity With Which
They Are Selected.
In Anticipation of Slower Progress,
the Witnesses Had Been Ex
cused Until Monday.
FRESNO, Cal., Jan. 19.— These juror?
will determine tbe guilt or innocence of
Professor W. A. Sanders, on trial for forg
ing William Wootton's name to a $1400
draft: D. A. Dunbar, J. M. Rose, George
Pickford, John A. Frasier, John Brazill,
f. R. Leonhart, J. A. Banks, I. H. Wash,
John C. Moore, William Lloyd, R. L. Bair
and G. R. Freeman.
To the surprise of every one the jury was
completed! by 10 o'clock this forenoon.
Judge Webb had been of the opinion that
it would take the entire week to find
twelve men who would be acceptable.
He did not expect that the introduction of
testimony would be commenced before
next Monday, and for this reason made
all the subpenas for witnesses returnable
on that day.
The rapidity with which the jury was
sworn was remarkable, and surprised
everybody connected with the case. As
the witnesses will not appear until Mon
day Judge Webb to-day continued the
trial to 9:30 o'clock on the morning of
that day.
The success in obtaining a jury in a case
which has been before the public so promi
nently for a long time was due to the
strange fact that most of the talesmen
who were first called to the box had never
read or talked of the case to any extent.
They appeared to have very little knowl
edge concerning it and were of the opinion
that they could act as jurors without
prejudice or bias.
Almost all had known of Professor San
ders before his connection with Wootton's
disappearance, bat few were personally
acquainted with him.
Of course the few peremptory challenges
allowed the attorneys tended to hasten
matters. The prosecution under the rules
had only five challenges at its command,
and it used three of them. The defense
was allowed ten, and it exhausted its
privilege. It is understood that both sides
are satisfied with the jury and are confi
dent that an honest verdict will be ren
dered. Neither the prosecution nor the
defense, it is said, believes the other has
any particular advantage in the make-up
of the jury.
Stanford Musical Concert*.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Gal., Jan.
19. — Stanford's glee and mandolin clubs
will give several concerts in this neigh*
borhood before their season closes. One
which it affords them the greatest plea
sure to contemplate will be given at Mrs.
Stanford's reception in San Francisco on
January 26. Mrs. Stanford attended the
concert recently piven on the campus,
and was much pleased with the perform
ance. The invitation to attend the re
ception is a mark of her appreciation.
Besides this, public concerts will be given
in the near future at San Francisco, Oak
land, San Jote, Redwood City ana Vallejo.
«. "•««.
Snntn linrbani Accident.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Jan. 19.—
John O. Coit, a young man formerly of
Oakland, but for some time a resident of
this city and Montecito. shot himself in
the abdomen iate last night, at the out
skirts of town. He claims the shooting
was accidental. After he fell lie called
for help, and a neighbor took Jhirn to the
Cottage Hospital. The wound is pro
nounced serious. Coit is an accountant
and has made a reputation as a poet and
a writer.
/ ' NEW TO-DAY GOODS.^^^^^^^^^^.^.^^^
CITYOF||§PARIS!
curtWUpartment!
Broken lots of 2 to 4 pair's of a pattern of IRISH POINT, BRUS-
SELS AND NOTTINGHAM CURTAINS to be closed out at a
GREAT REDUCTION to prepare for stock-taking. of . and
TAPESTRY AND CHENILLE PORTIERES, in odd iots of 1 and
2 pairs of a pattern, * ; .
To Close at Startling Reductions.
Balance of our RUG STOCK, consisting of Wnton.Daghestan
La Paris and Bundah Rugs-also Ingrain Art Squares-size
9 feet by 9 feet, . .
At Immense Reductions.
300 yards of SATIN TAPESTRY, value at 45c and/6Oc. To 3()c Yard
ClOSe at •<• ' _.-. Par
250 yards of SATIN TAPESTRY, sultablefor furniture coy- SQC Yard
eringor drapery, value at 75c. To close at.... "»'
Balance of our stock of PLAIN ART DENIMS, best quality. ]2gC Yard
36 Inches wide. close at •
COUNTRY ORDERS PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO.
• .^
SID lIABUA :EJS3F»A3XrOIJ.
G. VERDIER & CO.,
SE. Corner Geary Street and Grant Avenue.
VILLE DE PARlS— Branch House, 223 S. Broadway, Los Angeles.
, KNIIJ"INGCO.
103 and 105 Post Street. Take Elevator.
Formerly at 120 Batter Street,
WILL KMT I your, . . .
" iLli KMI SILK, WOOLEN,
TO ORDER » LINEN, MERINO and
IV UaULft [ COTTON
UNDERWEAR!
*sJ »■ *"t . NO KNIFE! OK PAISI
¥ vm^' '' x ~ '"HP Bl \ ' n ° P:l} Ti!l Cured : : :
WsVpflß- '.''-'i Ji^i "~'u 60 paffpbcok free with
l%li£i'~ %J - T IMSMB 3 ho me testimonials of many
tfMRaBBjHBHsSw. Wonderful Cures- wo rss
A(ls|v< -.."'^'•••^H^iW pi aces- omen 's Breasts
I " HrAI arid Men ' Lips,
S .U. <mMI.KY.iI. I).
X O TIV/lofflcp, ;if)Mark«tSt.
y^H^r^ : San Francisco. .
Send to Someone with Cancer
', . j : :. a RAILROAD : TRAVEL. -
siFßiciioiliK
, CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry— Foot of Markets;.
San Francisco to San Rafael. ■
WEEK PAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. Jf.: 13:3\
3:30, 6:10, 6:30 P. ifc Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:80 p. H. Saturdays-- Extra trips at 1:59
and 11:30 p. n.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 A. M.; 1:30, 3:3 ft
. 5:00, 6:20 p. if.
San Kafael to Sun Francisco.
WEEK - DAYS— O:IS, 7:80, .9:20. 11:10 a.m.-
-12:46, 3:40, 6 : 10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra t rioi
at 1 :55 p. m. and 6:33 p. it
SUNDAYS— B:IO. 8:40, 11:10 a. m.: 1:40, 8:41
6:00,6:25 p.m. ,
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park sains
schedule as above. ■
' Leave T ... - f ~~ Arrive .
San Francisco. Oct. 14," San Francisco,
WllK I SOX- Dp.^fnaMnn 8lT!> "- I WRJSJC
Days. i pays, l**tlnatlon. DAY 3 |p AY 3.
7:30 am 8:00 am! Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
8:30 I'M 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:10 i-m 10:25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 PM| Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 1 6:22 pm
Fulton, : ~~~
7:30 am Windsor. 10:25 ah
Healdsburg,
l.ytton,
1 Geyservllle,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 PM 6:22
~ Pieta,
Hopland <& ■ ■
7:30 am I 8:00 am Uklah. ' 7:35 pm 6:22pm
7:30 am i 10:25 am j
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:39 pm
3:30 pm I 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 110:40 am , 8:40 AM
and
6:10 PM 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. i 6:10 6:22pm
7 :30 am 1 8:00 am Rph ., tnno , 110:40 am 1 10:2 i AM
B:3opm|s:Qopm| Sevastopol. | 6:10 pm I 6:22 j
Stages connect at £anta Rosa for Mark W*st I
Bprlnss; at Geyserville for Skaggs Springs: at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for Highland
Springs, KelseyvHle, Soda Bay and XAkeport; at
Hopland for Lakeport and Bartlett Springs: at
Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Bluo
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake. >'omo, Potter
Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's, Buck-
Bell's, Sanhedrin Heights. HullviUe, Boonevllle,
Greenwood, Git's Hot ■ Springs. Mendoclno -City,
Fort Bragg, Westport, Vsal, '.Villets. Cahto, Co-
velo, Layionvlile, Harris, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
yond San Rafael at half rates. ■ -. -
Ticket Offices. 650 Morkelst., Chronicle bniTdln;.
H. O. WHITING, R. X. RYAN,
- ■ Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
SOR-TII PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausallto Ferry), ■
rnalu Francisco, Commencing Sept. 13, 1391 j
:/.;.-'.. WBEKUAY*.
Far Mm Valley .and San Rafael— *7 l2s, *9il&
11:00 A. M.: »1:45, 3:45, •5:16, »3 :45, B:30 P.M. I
Extra trips for Ban Rafael on Mondays, Wedaa* '
day* and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m. . .:\ :j -..;-.
. ' BUND AYS. . ,>.. -,t
For Mill Valley and San Hafael— *B:oo, »10:0t
•11:30 a. m. : •1-.30, 3:00, *4:30, 6:16». U.
Train* marked * run to San Uuentln. " . ■-■•-.'
THROUGH TRAINS. .
For Pol Reyes and way stations— 7 «25 a. m. !
Weekdays, 8 dh) a. m. Sundays, 1:45 K. m. Sato*
im
i-Or Casadero and way stations— 7 j2ft a, M. wm!»
«ajrss 1:45 r. H. Saturday*,
TAMALPAIS.
Co«t n ßail?oa!. Ct With North Paol
WEEK UAY&-L*ave a F. 9:11 a.m. ■ l•4^ » w
Returnlag-Arrlve S. ¥. 3:25 p m 6 ; * op m
SUJSPAYS- Leave S.F. Ba.m 11 -Si a m i -?d i «
■(K"^ VI ■?* ■*> » i.«,«°n^i* mo:w Fr , e h Physician, will quickly cure you of all ner^
H^ /*II \v /\1 nB J )r I dl > ' a « e8 l of the generative or a.ii, such as Lost Manhood
■ 9 *T d&L ' P?m^ a V^^alns In the Buck, Seminal £mlilons, Nervous (DebUlS'
fl VJ^T» T W Pimples, Unfitness to Marry, KihausUutr Drains, VarlcocelP and
M \^^ V 7 ConatJnaOon. It stop.l all losses by day or night. Prevents nufrk
i ■ __^ wf -^rS*-^- discharge, which If not checked leads to SpermutnrrWa and
|BEFORL .ho AFTER SK^T^
, M CIJPHJENE strengthens and restores small weak organs. P
Address UAVOL M£DICINIS CO.. 1170 Market street, San Francisco, Cal For«>h»
" •; : ■.--,: UKOOKS- PHARMACY,- 118 PoweU streS.
RAILROAD TRAVKU
SOI lIIIKN rAtiriC COMPAKT.
(PACIFIC HVHTEM.) .
TinliiM leave nail are «lv« to nrrlTe nft .
WAN FKAWCiatCO.
lea — From January 1. 1897. — ARBIVB
•«:O»a Nfles. San Jose and Way Stations... * : ** A
7:«Oa Atlantic Express, (>c<len and l'.ast.. B:*ap
7:OOa Uanicia, VacaTiUe, Rumsey. Sacra-
v ■'■ mento. OroTille and Bedding via -
DarU 6.-43P
7:2Ua Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, Napa,
■"- Calistoga and Santa Rosa o:*a»
»::u»a Nileß, San Jose, Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, Maryg*ille, Chlco, --._
Tehama and Red Bluff 'I'M'
•8:30 a Peters aud Milton , »<sl3p
9:<m>a New Orleans lixpress, Raymond (for
Vosaniito), Fresno, Bakeralield,
Santa Carbarn, I .or Angeles, Dem*
ing, £1 Paso, New Orleans and
East... 4545f
, 9:O«a Martinez and Stockton 4:1.
9:00 a Vallejo.. ; 6:15p
Milus, San Jose, LiTermore and
• Stockton 7:l!Vp
M:OOp Sacramento River Steamers »!»:O«p
' l:OOp Nlles, San Jose and LiTermore 8:43 a
fl:3«p Port CosU and Way Stations i7:*3p
4zO«r Martinez, San Kainon, \ ullejo,
' Napa, Calistoga, T.I Verano and
Santa Rosa Oil 3 A
4:t>Oi> Benicia, VacaTiUe, Woodland ; "-. ':,
Knights Landing, Marysrille, Oro-
Tille and Sacramento 11:13 a
4:3Oi> Lathrop, Stockton, Modesto, Mer-
-1 • ced and Fresno, going via Niles,
« " ■ returning Tia Martinez 1 li 4 3 a
s:OOpLos Angeles Express. Tracy,
. - : Fresno, Santa Barbara and Los.
' Angeles 10543 a
StOOp ,Sauta Fo Route, Atlantic Impress
for MojaT« and East JO:43a
6:O»i> European Mail, Ogd«n and Kast.... o:4ii a
O:OOp Huywar.lß. Nileaand San Jose 7:43\
. J7:OO i- Vallejo.;. t7:45»
7:O«i- Oregon Kxpresa, Sacramento, Marj-s-
-■<:<•'(* \ Title. ReililiugV Portland.-- I'uget
Sound and Kast H:l»*
•f»O:00p "Sunset Limited." Fresno, Los
Anseles, Bl Paso, New Orleans
and East §l»i43p
NAM'A Cltl'Z IUVIsIOX (Narrow tJauycj.
s):I!»a Nenrark,Oiitervi»K',Sini,lo9f,Felton,
lionldi-r Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations st3«p
•»:13p Newark, CenterTille, San .Tone, New
Almaden, Fclton, Itouldcr Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way ■
Stations.... ...MlsaOA
4il.li' Newark. Sim .Tose and l.os iiatos... 9:30 a
111:45? Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
Way Stations t7i2Op
COAST IH VISION ( Iliird A TowiiKcml Sln.)
«i:ls.v .San .lose ami Way Stations (New
Almailen Wednesdays only) IISOP
»:l.T>ABau Jose, Tim I'luos, Santa Cruz. .<-.-< ■
Tacftic Grofe. Paso Rubles, .San
Luis Oltlspo, Ciuadalupe, Surf and
• . Principal Way Stations 7lOOp
IO: to- San .liisuiind Way Stations S:O0p
I1:3Oa Palo Alto and Way Stations a:30»
•*jBOr San Mateo, Menlo Park, San .lose,
Gilroy, Ties Pinos, Sr.ntn. Crur,
Sallnas.MontfreyaiiilPacilicGroTe *IO:4O\
•3:3»r San Jose mid Way .Stations 9:45 a
♦4:30r Sao Tese ami Way Stations *8:O.1a
S:3Oi* S». Jose and Priucipal Way Stations "8:45 a
<i::jOr San Jose and Way Stations 6:33 a
jll:15[- San Jose and Way Stations t7:45p
* SAX IjKA.NUKO AMP HAY WARDS LQ<;AL.
t»G:OOA; r 7: 1.1 A
8:00 a 1 i»:43a
12. ! 50t Melrose. Seminary Park, s?!^
'".'ooj r.tehbnrg,S.»Lewidro I »jjg*
3:00p an a * 4i45p
4:00p ■ 1 8:45p
5:OOp Havwards 6:15p
5:80 u»jTfarttB. 7:43p
7:OOp ■ 8:4*1
9-OOp * Runs through to Nlles. IOtSOp
tfllilSp^ tFromNUes. ttl»:(Mlp
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SAS FRiHCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
♦7:15 9:00 11:O0a.ji. U:00 *2:00 13:09
•4:00 15:00 •6:00 P.M. .
From OAKLAND— Foot of Broadway.— *6:00 8:00
10:00 a.m. U2:QO *l:00 t3:00 *3:00 ti.-CQ
*5:QOi'.M.
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
* Sundays excepted. i Saturdays only,
} Sundays only.
tt Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
TTTueuiays and Saturdays. § Sundays and Thursdays.
r\LlcintlC
Trains leave and arrlva »tj6g^W3Hg
SASTA EXPRESS. H^
To Chicago via iA. & y . V^^Sgffijftj^f »jl
Leaves da at 5 : J0 p. m.; carry Pullman Palac*
Drawing-room and Moaern Upholstered TourtS?
Sleeping-cars, which run dally through to Ch°S
a u)^ ttnBttS Ci^. Annex ca/j tot Denver and a?
Boston KxcuMlons, via Kansas City, Chicago.
Montreal and the Wnite fountains leavi ew
fi etsdaj'. >=»«ty
The best railway from California to the East.
New raUs, new ties; no dust; interesting scenery^
and good meals in Harvey's diniug-roonis.
San Francisco Ticket Office. 644 Market
Ch^? n i^ le Bulld * S:. Telephone Mala
IC3I. Oalilttutl, nig lSroaUway.
THE SiI;FR.II€ISGO' ■ AID SAS JOAQUM
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPAQ.
FKOM JANUARY 1, 1897. passenger trains
X 1 will run daily, except in? Sunday:
Southbound. .. > station*. ■ Northbound.
7:2<> a. Jt ...... ....5t0ckt0n. ......... 5:40 p. m.
9:49 a. M...:.. . '...".Merced...... 8:14 P M.
11:60 a m Fresno .......... 1:10 p. M.
,-. "-: For Intermediate st«tloussee time-table.
Connect! ni? steamboats of the (i N. A L Co.
leave Ban Francisco at 6 P. m. dally, , excepting
Saturday, and Stockton at 6 P. K. dally, except.
bund ay.THREE VOTES FOR
SENATOR SQUIRE
Makes a Small Showing
in the First Ballot
at Olympia.
Followers of the Incumbant Say
That H2 Has Strength
in Reserve.
Contest in Washington's Legislature
G v:s Promise of Being a
Protractei One.
OLYMPIA, Wash , Jan. 19.— The first
Senatorial vote was taken at noon to-day
in the two houses of the Legislature.
The result was: Turner 17. Daniels 14,
Squire 3. Cline9, Clark Davis 6, Baker 6,
Winsor 10, Caton 4. Denny 25, scattering
17. Turner and Squire are free-silver Re
publican?, Caton a Democrat, Dsnny a
gold Republican and tbe others Populists.
Turner's vote was as expected, but
Squire's ?mall showing was a surprise to
all. It is said he Is holding many votes in
: reserve to spring at the proper time and
f-ise a stampede. Turner is hopeful, it
;■! iengrally believed that Daniels' vote is
really a Turner vote. Cline is regarded as
the strongest Populist.
The attempt to secure a caucus to
morrow night will not succeed. Fifty
seven votes are needed for a choice. The
pTesent outlook is for a protracted con
test. Cline's friends believe he is the man.
The Squire men are not jubilant to-niglit,
thQUt-h making many claims of reserved
strength.
Tile "third house," composed of Popu
lists, held a meeting to-night and ap
pointed a committee of three to see if a
Populist daily paper could be run here
during the Senatorial campaign to keep
Populists in line for one of ttieir number
for Senator. A committee to arrange for
a parade. of Populists each night was also
appointed. Indignation is expressed at
Popu!ist3 who voted for Turner to-day.
Every. possible power will be brought to
bear to hold them in line for a middle-of
iue-foas Populist for the Senate.
DEADLOCK iy UTAH.
Sitter reeling JXetwecn the Thatcher and
Ravelins for cm
SALT LAKE, Utah, Jan. 19.— The first
ballot in the Utah Legislature for United
State* Senator, taken this afternoon, re
sulted as follows: Thatcher (D.) 19, Raw-
Jins (D.) IS, Henderson (D.) 16, Lawrence
(Pop.) 4, Brown (R.) 3, bcattering 2.
.Necessary to a choice 32.
It looks like a deadlock for the present,
as the supporters of the highest three can
didates are very determined and the feel
ing is bitter, especially between the
Thatcher and Rawims lorces. Hender
son, it is claimed, has eight supootters
■who will stay with him to t;e last ditch.
The next ballot, which will be taken to
morrow, i< not expected to show any
material change from that of to-day.
JiriiHf: Jg-UXXLB itA.L,LOTS.
Idaho Populists Desert Clagett and Cen
ter on WaVan.
BOISE, Idaho, Jan. 19.— Three ballots
were taken in the State Legislature to-day
for United States Senator. The Populists
left Ciagett and centered on Walton. Du
bois held the vote of the silver Republi
cans while the Democrats favored Lewis
and Nelson, Populists, alternately. The
liist two ballots gave Walton 28, Duboi3
25, Lewis IG. and the third ballot resulted:
Walton 23, Dubois 25. Neison 16.
Tcere was strong contention in the Pop
ulist caucus. The anti-Ciagett men of the
party offered to vote for Ciagett if his
name. should then be withdrawn, but this
was declined, and although it is claimed
the Democrats will never support CJagett
his name will likely pop up again, as he
controls the caucus, and is reported to
have said that the Senator would be either
himself or Dubois.
It is- also claimed that ths Democrats
will lake up Lewis or Nelsc-n seriously,
end on tne other hand there are Popnlista
who declare they will no Jonger be drag
gooned into supporting Clagctt.
In Nevada's J^'gislature.
CARSON, Nev., Jan. 19.— Nothing of
importance came up to-day in the Nevada
Legislature except tbat in the Senate a
concurrent reso.ution was introduced and
referred, to a committee to the effect thai
no regular session of the Legislature ex
ceed tinny day 3 and that no special ses
sion exceed ten days. feenaie bill 1
passed ihe Senate, appropriating $3_',Coo
for the Legislature. T.'ie woman's suffrage
bill was made a special order for Janu
ary -7.
Ao Quorum at Snlem.
BALEM, Or., Jan. 19.— The House and
Senate met at 2 o'clock. The Senate ad
journed until to-morrow at 10 a. m. There
was no quorum in the House, and con
sequently no organization. There is a
/very general rumor among the members
1 ..<■ ''third House" that an organization
">y oe effected to-morrow, but there ap-
JAtafa to oe no substantial foundation lor
jhe rumor. It is said the conces^iun will
tome ircm the "regulars," but they shake
their heads when asked as to its truth.
Unless some compromise is effected before
Ion?, there will be no legislative session
this year.
TO HELL, XOUAXfXLLtS HOME.
Directors Detir- That the State Acquire
the I'roperty.
NAPA, Cal., Jan. 19 —Papers were tiled
in the Superior Court yesterday by H.
M. Barstow, asking for authority on be
half of the Veterans' Home Association,
to sell its property near Yountv'ille to the
State. This is an outgrowth of th« pend
ing dispute between the State officials and
the home directors over the status of the
Lome and its Tight to Staie aid. The pro
ceeding is taken now in order that the
whoie matter may be considered by the
Legislature. It is hoped that the prop
erty may be taken by the State in consid
erationof its pgreeraent to maintain the
home and thus settle the question of the
rif-vit of the old veterans to State aid. If
it should not be taken, the petition avers,
in all probability State aid will be with
drawn, the home closed and its inmates
ca^t adrift to find shelter if they can, and,
if not, to become tramps and vagabonds.
»Xt Monday is the time fixed by the Su
perior Court for the hearing of the appli
cation.
JU'reed lUtnlc Wins a Suit.
I MERCED, Cat-, Jan. 19.— When the
Vlerce<i Bank suspended in October, 1894,
Francisco bank !ie.d525,000 worth of
securities as collateral for $4000 due the
City bank the following January. The
bank pressed the management of the in
solvent bank for payment, and Mr 9.
Sophie A. Iveit advanced the money,
whereupon the Merce.i Bank turned the
fecurities over to her to indemnify her for
the advance and for ?i9,000 she had on
deposit at the time of the failure. The
new management repaid the $4000 and de
manded the securities, which Mrs. Ivett
refused to surrender. Then the bank
brought suit in replevin. Judge Law
has decided the su.it in favor of the
plaintiff and directed' Mrs. Ivett to deliver
the securities to the receiver.
SAN DIEGO'S WATER CARNIVAL
Three British Cruisers Ordered to Par
ticipate in the Demonstration on
the Bay.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Jan. 19.— Interviews
to-day with officers of the British gunboat
Pheasant, which arrived yesterday from
Sun Francisco, reveal the fact that orders
have been received to have the British
vessels Pheasant, Comus and Imperieuse
rendezvous here about February 23 to par
ticipate in a big water carnival to be held
in the bay of San Diecro in honor of Rear-
Admira! Beardslee, United States navy,
commander of the North Pacific Squad
ron, who will retire irom the navy ou that
dat<\
The committee on finance has already
raised the $2500 necessary to purchase
fireworks and to pay the costs of the
parade, in which will participate military
detachments irorn ail Southern California
and sailors and marines from the United
States ships Oregon, Philadelphia. Mon
terey, Monadnock, Adams and Albatross
and the British gunboats Pheasant, Comns
and Imperieuse, making upward of (3000
men in the parade. A grand interna
tional naval review, to be participated in
by ships of both navies, under chnrge of
Rear- Admiral Beardslee, is also contem
plated.
The Pheasant sails for Acarulco Satur
day and will return February 18. The
Monterey is expected to-morrow, the
Cornus vvill arrive from the south in a few
days and the Imperieuse, now at Esqui
malt, will be here February 1.
REnnvoirs rvsTMASTZR deav.
Valentine JBu»B«V Succumb* to an
Attach of La Grippe.
REDWOOD CITY, CAL.,Jan. 19.—Valen
tine Hu-sey, an old citizen of San
Mateo County, died yesterday from an
attack of la grippe. Though he had been
ailing for some time past, he had
been confined to his room but a short
period. He was a native of Ireland and
C 9 years of age.
Hussev came to this State in the early
fifties and settled in San Mateo County
twenty-five years ago. From President
Cleveland he received the appointment of
postmaster, at this place, and his term
would not have expired until November
next. The funeral will take place on
Wednesday from the Catholic Church.
Interment will be made at Holy Cross
Cemetery, Menlo Park.
Santa liarbatra Socialism.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Jan. 19.—
The largest meeting of the series under
the auspices of the Social Lsbor party
was held last nizb.t. Mrs. A. Blair Thaw
read an able paper on "Plato's Republic."
She spoke of Plato's as being the greatest
mind the world ever produced. To his
categories neither Roman nor Saxon has
bee* able to add anything since his lime.
In Piato, she said, the Christian found
inspiration and the Mohammedan phil
osophy. After reading Plato. tlie English
man exclaimed. "How English 1" the
Teuton "How Germau!" and the Italian
•How Roman!" She stated that it was
impossible for mankind to be happy with
out looking on hieh for assistance. This
brou ht forth a lengthy and varied cri
ticism from those who believe in taking
care of the material man.
Cnnyonrille. Cniner'a Mint.
CANYON VILLE, Or., Jan. 19.— M. W.
Pogue of this city went btfore Justice
Stork yesterday and lodged a complaint
against Wilfiam Howard for passing and
manufacturing counterfeit coin.
A warrant was issued aud Howard was
arrested. He is a basket-maker and had
been here only rive day?. He rente I a
house about a mile from town and there
made baskets and counterfeit coin.
lie passed two bogus 50-cent pieces in
town, and tins led to his arre3t. On hi*
person was found a counterfeit dollar, and
in his cabin were several others and some
of the metal from which he made them,
with dies, piaster casts and chemicals.
After the Mexican Trade.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Jan. 19— The
steamer Pacheco sailed to-niiht for En
senada, Lower California, having on board
Milton, Thwing, who in company with A.
B. Bennett will leave Ensenada on
Wednesday in the easoiine-schooner Jo
sephine for a cruise down the Mexican
coast a« far as Chiapason, on the Guate
malan border. This will be the first trip
of a line of coasting vessels which the
Lower California Development Company
proposes to put on between Ensenad i and
the lower coast Dorts. Thwing and Ben
nett, representing tiie company, will es
tablish trade all along the iine.
Santa Hoia Mtlr&erer's Fate.
BANTA ROSA, Cal., Jan. 19— Denis
McCarthy, the convicted murderer of
George Fox. was brought to this city from
San Quentin to-day to show cause why
sentence of death should not be pro
nounced against him, and as he
had nothing to say In his own be
lialf, Judge Burnett lixed as ihe day for
hn execution April 16, the place San
Qnentin, and the time between the hours
o: 10 and 2 o'clock. ThG con lemned man's
attorneys will make an effort to have the
sentence commuted.
t-.tiil Against Seattle.
SEATTLE, Wash.. Jan. 19.— Six San
Franciscans who hold $50,000 worth of
bonds a«a<nst the municipal water works
commenced foreclosure proceedings to-day
in the Superior Court against the city of
Seattle nnd the Spring Hill Water Com
pany. The water plant was sold to the
city by the Spring Hill people free from
encumbrances, but recently upon the
maturity of the bonds it came to light
through tne plaintiffs' action that they
held bonds against the property in the
sun: named.
Death at fallefr.
VALLEJO, Cal., Jan. 19.— After linger
ing for two weeks, suffering from a stroke
cf paralvsi?, Mrs. John S. Souther passed
Hway at 6:.J0 o'clock this morninp. Mrs.
Souther was at one time a prominent
memb-r of the Templar R >bekah Lodge of
Odd Fellows, and Gol ten D«wn Decree of
Honor, of the Ancient Order of United
Workmen. She was a delegate to the
grand lodge when it convened at San Jose.
The funeral will be held here to-morrow
afternoon.
Hodega Outlaw t'tead* Guilty.
SANTA ROSA. Cal., Jan. 19,-FranK
Coleby, who created such a sensation in
Bodega recently by holding up a mer
chant of that place with a shotgun, to-day
pleaded guilty to the char»e at attempted
robbery and will be sentenced next week.
The evidence against the accused was
almost conclusive, and the once desperate
highwayman was very meek, indeed, when
he appeared in court to-day.
irai Leave Mare- Island.
VALLEJO, Cal., Jan. 19.— The United
States ship Adams came out of drydock
yesterday afternoon and will soon be
ready togo to San Francisco with a drait
of apprentices for drill purposes.
Warship* at Santa Moniet.
SANTA. MONICA, Cal., Jan. 19.— Three
United Siaies vessuls — the warships Monte
rey and Monadnock and the Coast Survey
steamer Gednev — anchored last night oa
the bay. The Monterey left for Sau Diego
to-day.
TO CCXX A COLD IN ONE DAY.
Teke laxative Broino Quinine Tablets. All drug
gists reiunii the money it it lulls to care. iS5c.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 20, 1897.
HIS SPADE FINDS
A BREATHING BODY
By Chance a Laboring Man
Rescues an Entombed
Companion.
While Shoveling Sand Into a
Wagon He Uncovers the
Unfortunate.
Had Missed His F?l low-Workman but
Knew Not That Caving Earth
Had Buried Him.
SANTA CRUZ, Cau, .inn. M- — For
nearly an hour yesterday Charles Dean of
Ben Lomond was entombed alive. Withal
Charles D?an has abundant cau«e for
thanksgiving, for had not a shovel wielded
by a le' low-work man pierced the earth
that covered him he would not now be re
counting his awful experience. It was
not that his re«cner knew that be was en
tombed; the discovery was quite by acci
dent and came in the nature of a surprise.
How Dean succeeded in breathing when
covered by several feet of sand is a prob
lem which the people out at Ben Lomond
to-day have not yet been able to solve.
Dean and James Smith were hauling
sand, and, while Smith drove the team
with the loaded wagon to the place of de
posit, Dean would remain at the Rand
bank to prepare for another load. Smith
came back to the sandbank on one trip
and found t^at Dean had cut down the
usual quantity from the bank, but was not
there to help load the waeon. He pro
ceeded with his work, expecting the re
tnrn of his fellow-workman, but when the
wagon bad been nearly filled and Dean
did not return Smith was about to con
clude ttat he had quit his job. His
shovel suddenly struck something yield
ing, but immovable. The discovorv fricht
ened him, but the find was «oon developed
and Dean was dragged our from the tem
porary grave he had occupied for an hour,
with a broken leg.
TROUBLES OF A COKPORAJIOX.
Goes Info Tmtnlrency to Settle Strife
Rei%c*n It* Member*.
SANTA CRUZ, Gal.. Jan. 19— The
Grover- Cunningham Mill and Lumber
Company has, in order to settle the differ
ences between the two companies compos
ing the corporation, filed a voluntary
petition in .the Superior Court asking to
be declared insolvent. The liabilities of
the petitioner are written in the petition
as $29,767, and of this amount Cunning
ham & Co. claim a credit of $22,500 and
Grover & Co. a credit of $3110. The actual
debts of the corporation in fact are small.
The trouble between Cunningham tfc
Co. dates back almost to the time of their
consolidation into the present coroora
tion. They were of a character thaf had
no interest for thf public until one Sun
day last sprinc tno Cunninghams tried to
break open the safe of the corporation for
the purpose of removing the bioks which
the Grovers had locked within. Arre9ts
followed, but only civil sutti were brought.
The Cuuninghama had controlled the
election of the board of directors, and the
Grovers, having possession of the books,
locked them in the office safe and changed
the combination.
From that time there has been an effort
to dissolve the corporation, but without
success until the present nlnn of insolv
ency was concpived. This action does not
indicate a failure in the lnmber industry
in Santa Cruz, but the inability of two
lumber companies to do business as a
corporation.
the. coos Tiny Jluns Aground.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Jan. 19— The
steamer Coos Bay ventured to make the
landing here last night at low tide and ran
aground just as it reached the wharf. The
force of its movement was increased
by a long swell that jammed
the vessel so hard against ihe
piling at the end that a dozen
piles were burst fr^ni tneir fastenings, and
one of the steamer's small boats was
crushed into kindling wood. The passen-
gers received a severe shaking up, but no
one was injured. The tide was unusually
low and the swells were long but not
high. The landing could have been made
easily and without damage two hours
earlier.
Gol'l on the. Heich.
FANTA CRUZ, Cat,., Jan. 19.— Tne re
cent developments in the old mines at
Gold Gulch near Felton by the Russell
Brothers have excited the interest of O.
A. Foster to resume the washing of the
b^iicti at Twin Lakes, the Baptist church
summer resort, a suburb of Santa Cruz.
Good wages have been ma le at that point,
but the metal is dust gold and difficult to
save in paying quantities. The gold has
washed down from the hills and is he <1
in place by the shifting of the beach sands
moved by the surf.
(raid Strike Xear Oarlock.'
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 19.— The pos
sibilities of gold finds on the desert in the
region of Mojave and Randsburg seem to
be without limit. The latest report of a
rich find has just been received from Gar
lock, a town between Mojave and Rands
burg. Two ranchers who were prospecting
struck a ledge that assays $600 in gold and
$80 in silver to the ton. It is said the dis
covery was made in a section that gave no
surface indications of be.ng a mineral
region.
Nevada County Contest Ended.
NEVADA CITY. Cal., Jan. 19— The
case of Ridge V 3. Nilon, for the office ol
Superior Jud^e, was abruptly ended yes
terday by counsel for the plaintiff
moving for a dismissal. The defendant
had gained four votes and the plaintiff lost
iour in the recount, and the latter did not
care to go further with the contest.
Solano County Franchise.
■ SUISUN, Cal., Jan. 19.— A franchise
was granted by the County Supervisors
to-day to the Clear Lake Electric Power
Company to construct, maintain and
operate a system of electric light power
and telephone lines over the road 3of So
lano County. These systems wii! run
through Solano, Napa and Lake counties.
Indorsed hi/ Snlano Supervisors.
SUISUN, Cal., Jan. 19.— The Board of
Supervisors of Bolano County passed reso
lutions approving the bill which is pend
ing before the Legislature regarding the
improvement of the navigable streams of
the State.
The Montftonierv Inquiry.
NEW YORK, N.Y.,Jan. 19.— A court
of inquiry met this morning to hear evi
dence in the case of the injury sustained
by the cruiser Montgomery by striking
some obstruction off Governors Island
recently and for which Captain Bradford
is on trial. The session was a secret one.
The court appointed by Admiral JBunce
consisted of Captain Frederick Kogers of
the battle-ship Massachusetts (president),
Captain Henry Glass of the battle-ship
Texas, Commander R. P. Leary of the
ram Katahdin and Lieutenant R. C. Heil
ner, navigator of the Texas, as judge.
DISTILLERIES IN A CAVERN.
Moonshine Plants Discovered by Govern
ment Officials White Exploring a
Kentucky Mountain.
DANVILLE, Kt., Jan. 19.— James C.
Wilson of Harrodsburg, Deputy Internal
Revenue Collector, who was in Danville
last night to report to his chief, tells of an
important discovery made by him and
Deputy United States Marshals Tom Aus
tin and John Mullins.
On Crooked Creek in Rockcastle County
on last Friday night they entered what
they had been told was a small cavern in
the side of a mountain to look for a moon
shine distillery said to be in operation
there. Having some trouble in finding
the alleged still the three pushed on and
suddenly fonnd themselves in an immense
underground passage. This they followed
through winding roads, sharp turns, nar
row passazes and huge chambers for fuliy
a mile and thr»e-quarters, finding in that
distance two good-sized moonshine dis
tillery plants.
After destroying these the officers con
cluded to return and prepaie for a more
thorough investigation. Wilson feels posi
tive a long chain of underground distil
leries is to be found there, as a great deal
of moonshine whisky has been traced to
this neighborhood for years without the
Government agents being able to locate
the point ol manufacture.
The cave discovered is a wonder and
will itself bear exploration. There are in
dications of its having been known to the
moonshiners for a lone time, as they have
put long ladders in places difficult to as
cend or descend, and have widened nar
row passage< by hewing out the solid
rock.* The place is admirably adapted for
the purpose of moonshining and tue pro
tection of outlaws, for there aro many
places where one man, armed with a Win
chester rifle, could hold a large posse a
bay.
SLEEPS FOR ELEVEN DAYS.
Strange S, umber of a Young Lady of
Danbury, Conn., Who Awakes With
an Appetite.
DANBURY, Coxx., Jan. 19.— Miss Char
lotte Pittilla awoke from her eleven days'
slumber yesterday. She showed slight
indications of returning consciousness
Saturday night, and her doctor expected
the change that came yesterday morning.
When some of the members of the family
xvent into the girl's room after breakfast
they found her lying with her eyes open
and apparently conscious. Whert they
spoke to her she an o wered by asking for
something to eat. Her voice was so weak
that her words were scarcely audible.
After they had taken fo d to her the doc
tor arrived, and perceiving her extremely
weak condition, gave orders that she must
not be si oken to except when necessary.
Miss PittiUa told the doctor that she
thought she had just awakened from a
night's sleep. He told her she had been
very ill. ''Why, I have not been ill, have
I?" asked she. "I have only bcra sleep
ing."
The doctor asked her if she remembered
seeing him before, but she said she did
not remember anything. He did not
question her further, as she seemed to be
d zed. The girl slept the greater part of
yesterday.
The peculiar illness of the young woman
and her lone state of nncousciousness the
doctor attributes to a severe shock to her
nervous system. She became ill eleven
days ago, and since then has lain uncon
scious until her awakening yesterday
morning.
GENERAL SHERMAN'S LIBRARY.
Sold by a St. Louis Carpenter for $30.
Many Valuable Works in the
Collection.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 19.— A special to a
morning paper from St. Louis says: A
collection of books of the late General
W. T. Sherman was sold.in St. Louis dur
ing the last week for $30. It consisted of
about fifty volumes of army records, regi
mental history, court-martial records and
a general manuscript of war literature.
The sale was made by Thomas Dooley, a
carpenter, who did wont for General Sher
man while the latter had his headquarters
in this city as the commander of the
United States army.
According to Dooiey, General Sherman
cave him the books ju^t before he left St.
Louis. The carpenter kept tnem un il he
moved a short time ago, when he packed
the library in four large boxes. He then
sold the outfit to a downtown book-dealer
here for $30. On examination the book
doaier found a number of valuable pifces
of literature, and a large proportion of the
books contained the autographs of men of
renown.
There were testimonials from U. 8.
Grant, Rutherford B. Hayes, Phil Sheri
dan and others, besides any number of
books presented to General Sherman by
the authors. Many books, otherwise
worthless, were made valuable by the
autograph of the general himself. A larae
number of people have examined the col
lection, and negotiations with several
G. A. R. posts and some military organ
izations looking to the sale of the collec
tion or part oi'it, are going on.
SlYbTEHlUb's liOBMERY.
Bag Containing SS6OO Stolen From a
Artr York Jhar.j>re»n Wagon.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 19.— A bag
containing $5600, belonging to the Metro
politan Traction Company, was stolen
from their collector, Joseph S. Wickham,
in front of the Pacific Bank on Broadway,
this afternoon. Tue collector was in an
express we^on. He passed several bags of
coins to hia assistant, who carried them
into the bank for deposit. "While enlaced
with th 6 coin, one bag containing the
$.5600 in bills mysteriously disappeared.
The street was thronged with people at
the time, but no clew to the thief has
been found. Wickham has been in the
employ of the company six years ami is a
brother of ex-Mayor Wickhara. He is
not suspected.
THE CZAlt's ILLXESS.
Hit Condition Due tn Fatigue and A'ot
at All Serious.
ST. PETERSBURG, Russia, Jan. 19.—
Despite the fact that the Czar has sent for
Dr. Bergraann, the distinguished sur
geon, to come to St. Petersburg to per
form an operation on his Majesty, Ins
condition is not at all serious. His
Majesty's medical attendants attribute his
present condition to the fatigues incident
to his recent travels.
Pacific : C'oaxt Pension.*.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 19.—Pa
cific Coast pensions were issued as follows
to-day:
California: Original— Bryan McDonald,
Placerville; James Keys, San Francisco.
Additional — Xenea Eiir, Plymouth. In
crease— Orville C. Wilkinson Jr., Ukiah;
John S. Collins, Veterans' Home, Napa.
Reissue and increase — Thomas Wade, Be
nicia. Original widows — Rebecca Pickler,
Chico.
Oregon: Original widows — Lena B.
Turl>y, Astoria. Widows, Indian wars —
Martha Jennings, Oregon City.
Washington: Original— John Sweeney,
OrtiDg. Increase — George M. Welsu,
Nooksack.
Son Htm to the Ciat'llanea.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 19.— A report,
was received in George Gould's office this
morning from Paris announcing that a
son had been born to Countess Castel lane,
formerly Miss Anna Gould.
WATERS LEAPED
HUM SEA TO SKY
Monster Spout Observed by
Seamen of the Brig
Courtney Ford.
The Swirling Column Ascends
to an Altitude oi Over a
Thousand Feet.
i
Lashes the Ocean Into a Foam-Coy*
ered Caldron tor Hundreds of
Yards Around.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., Jan. 19.—
The brig Courtney Ford from Tahiti
brings an account of a remarkable water
spout witnessed in the trop d on the voy
age to this port. In longitude 143 and lat
itude 151 4, on November 28, at 6 p. M.,
a tremendous walerspout was observed
scarcely a mile from the vessel. During
the first five minutes it remained station
ary and reached an altitude of over 1000
feet, ending in a curious curaulous cloud.
Its base was several hundred feet in di
ameter, and around it the sea was lashed
into a caldron of white foam for a space
of several hundred yard* in circumfer
ence.
The wind from the southeast was blow
ing at the rate of about two miles an hour.
Slowly the srout moved away, though
it remained in plain view for over an
hour. Immediately afterward heavy
clouds darkened the horizon and an ex
ceedingly heavy downpour of rain fol
lowed. Two hour lat^r the sky was
cleared as if by magic and the wind veered
to the southwest, carrying the vessel far
away from the locality. Captain McLeod
tiled a report on the phenomenon, with the
hydrographic office.
THREE MORE BANKS FAIL
Fran'.ic Depositors Clamor for Admission
To the Closed First National of
Newport, Ky.
CINCINNATI, Ohio. Jan. 19.— When
the First National Bank of Newport did
not open its doors yesterday there was
much excitement. A crowd of excited de
positors assembled in front of the bank,
clamoring for an explanation. No one
was allowed in the institution.
The officials sent out word that the bant
was solvent, but had been forced to
close for lack of ready money. Depos
itors, however, refused to be satisfied.
Ui.lv rumors found expression. The ex
citement grew still greater when it be
came known that Comptroller Eckles and
a national banK examiner of Washington
were to be in Newport to-day. Their trip
was designed especially for the purpose of
examining into the bank's affnirs. The
capital stock is $200,000. John Trapp is
president.
ST. PAUL, Minn., Jan. 19.— The Minne
sota Savings Bank succumbed Monday to
the recen. flurry in banking circles. Its
doors weie closed and a writ of assign
ment was filed in court. Joseph F. Beckel
of the Alamanda Bank is named as as
signee.
An affidavit was also filed stating that
the assets would reach about $250,000 and
the liabilities about $200,000. When the
excitement about the Twin Cities came the
Minnesota Bank took advantage of the
sixty-day notice, but the assignment was
made as the best st°p for the depos.tors.
LOUISVILLE, Ky. Jan. 18.— The Ger
man National Bank did not open its doors
yesterday morning. The institution is in
the bindsof BankExaminerEscom. The
capital sio k is $251,500; surplus $31,000.
J. L. McNight ii president.
The bank has been in a shaky condition
for three years owing to the failure o the
Louisville Deposit Bank, losing $25,000
worth of lawsuits.
PERU MUST PAY THE CLAIM.
After Eleven Years the United States
Concludes to set a Consular
Agent R ght
NEW YORK. N. V.. Jan. 19.— A Herald
special from Washington says: The ad-
ministration is determined that Peru shali
pay the claim for $200,000 growing out of
the outrage committed in 1885 upon W.
H. McCord, a consular agent of the
United States. A cablegram has just
been sent to the United States Minister
in Lirr.a, directing him to inform the
Peruvian Government that the case must
be settled without delay. A communica
tiou received from the Minister a few
days ago announced that Peru desired
time in whicli to investigate the facts in
the case. Secretary Olney at once ad
vised Mr. McKenzie, the United States
Minister to Peru, that Peru had had more
than eleven years to conduct an investi
gation, and that this time was quite
enough.
The cruiser Philadelphia is now on her
way to Callao from Valparaiso. The
authorities sny her preset.ee in Peruvian
waters has nothing to do with the negotia
tions concerning the McCord case, but
her arrival at Callao immediately after
the presentation of a strong note by
McKenzie is expected to have a good
moral effect.
During the revolution in Peru in 1885
McCord, who was a railroad agent, was
ordered to place a train of cars at the dis
posal of a Peruvian officer for the purpose
of transporting supplies alone the line.
The order was complied with, but the
engineer gave up the engine to the iebeU.
McCord was arrested and sentenced to
be shot. This sentence was commuted
and he was notified that he must pay a
fine" of 10,000 soles. The friends of McCord
raised the necessary amount and h? was
relieved.
lUR XIEUCUihT MVHDEAEU.
Aaiatled by a Mob Seeking Work at Hit
factory.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 19.— Joseph
Bloch, a wealthy fur merchant in the dis
trict of Brooklyn, was murdered to-night
by an unknown man. A hundred or
more men had gathered before Bloch &
Hirsch's factory seeking work and were
creating a disturbance.
Mr. Bloch went out to disperse the
crowd, when he received a wound which
caused his death. The police have ar
rested a Pole and five other men.
Father County the yew Rector.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 19.— Father
Conaty, the new rector of the Catholic
university, arrived here 10-night and was
met at the station by Vice-Rector Corn
gan and others and conducted to the uni
versity. He will be duly installed to
morrow.
ALL-ROUND DOG MEN.
The Pacific Keunel Club Will Not
Give a Bench Show This
Year.
At a meeting of the Pacific Kennel Club,
which was held at the Occidental Hotel
* JTEW TO-DAT-Wf GOOn«
iik ■'■ '■ ■ ; " \ ''' ' ' ' ' ' ' '' a ill
II THE LAST WEEK! 1
i f ■-■ ■ - -■-■,• .- ■■■ ■ ■ ■-: -.;■.■" e% i
f . ■ ;s*Ts^r4^ : ~. ,' 1
i i This great sale is nearing its end, and we intend to let I i i
6 it go out in a blaze of glory. Most of the items offered to- (j>
Q day are new things just to hand. '■ They were meant for the Q
A opening of the new season, but we put them in at sale A
JL prices to keep up the interest. A
$ SILK BARGAINS. §
0 We don't claim to have the largest silK stock in the city, but WE DO Q
A CLAIM to carry all the "up-to-date" and most desirable stuffs and sell A.
V them tor lower prices than any place in the city. jT
1 If AID V IfriAlTD^ AT 7Sc A YARD-A quality that I
0 ifllll Iljlml ilill never before has been offered under $1 23. Q
. T iIIVIIHi IUIiVUIUKJ The colors are cream, pearl gray, parnet, A
V and green and blue combined, the four fashionable colors in Pans at present. Sr
t Black Brocaded Satin Dnchesse *&£*£ %
Q ures, pure silk goods; now all the rase for separate skirts. Extra value. Q
W H T AFDirrV C<HI7CI AT «9c A YARD-Tbatyon wou'd fl "
1 IlPlrjii! I iMljnul never expect under *l a yam. The new Jl
m -11 V I 1 ■!.. kJIUIDJ fading* and color combinations on **
t' ' Taffeta, Gros de Londres and Gros-Grain grounds. Leaders at tuis price. . . '
4M f\Uk IF ADI V CIII Ui 1 AT 25c A YARD-A specially ill
«lt 1 /II 1 Illij lhli| i llilJßUll Rood th. UK for lining skirts, capes and It 1
"f Vllilll\^UXlWlilJ kJIUHKJ jackets The same combinations as
111 come in Glace Taffetas, such as green and blue, bJack and gold, i«n and , |(
SSS green, brown and blue and other favorites. More than a dozen different 031
' kinds '. "T
Hi iWl> II IHT FI I\[\ T I?I £) AX 12KcA YARD-For Wrap- ii I
«» firJl fi \\ NililllrilAl Pers, House Gowns, Child en. Cloaks. «
flf l^lJll/illilll lliltlllllilAJ *7 & ' Tbe.warm, ti. ecy kind,, like .' •
-i i 1 eiderdowns. .-. A splendid lot of strices and figures in all sorts of colors. , iil
i MVY-BLUE CHEVIOT"SERGE^3~2 6
A \\\\ I -KM \li \iU\\\\v\ nrJillPi Thjit is all pure woo? A
Q 11HI1 WlltiJ VUU lIV M. Mli.ll/UIJ indjgo dye, and full 52 V
A inches wide. Such a cloth under 50c is unusual. A
g LADIES' SWISS-RIBBED VESTS &i« |
A black and natural gray. We have an overstock of small sizes, and have cut A
0 down the prices a.s follows: H. N. L. S. to 75c; H. N. B. S. to 6oc; L. N. N. 8. • V
A to 50c. vlliZl— Q ;
O I ini!?^' ft! iPV UA^I? ATWcAPAIR-Thatyou'd $
1 li/llHlikl tllj/lrl\ tlimri consider cheap at 25c. Ti.eyare X
A iMVUA\J WliilVll 11VUJJ 4o. gaU g a good^ doubJe Bole and f)
X stamped fast black, Hermsdorf dye, all sizes. . A
? L4DIES' W4LKL\GIIATS-p-K" t «^e^ a^ 9
A Uni/£UKJ llillillli-lU M-™*^ silk ribbon band and bows, Q
T black and colors, ail greatly reduced. $2 kinds now $1 25; the $1 50 kinds A
Q now 95c; the 75c kinds now 45c; the 50c kinds now 25c. .Several months' V
It wear in them yet. Ml
m SPECIALS IN SUITS, CAPES AND JACKETS. W.
j)} SPECIALS IN EMBROIDERIES AID LACES. ii\
Hi SPECIALS IN TOWELS AN] LIIZIB. ii,
m SPECIALS li FANCY DRESS GOODS. ]!
W
MARKET AND TAYLOR STS.
last evening, Mr. Bnggs, who wa3 one of
a committee appointed at s recent meet
ing of the club to confer with the officers
of the Olympic Gun Club ior the purpose
of procuring their views relative to the
holding of a bench show in this City this
year, said the directors of the Olympic
Gun Club were strongly in favor of a
show being held, nnd that if the Paci6c
Kennel Club decided to join the gun clab
ior that purpose each member must be
balloted for, as the gun club, according to
its laws, could not accept of the Pacific
Kennel Club in n body.
Mr. Haight suggested that the funds of
the club be given to some charitable in
stitution as the members did not take
sufficient interest in its welfare to attend
any of the meetings.
Mr. Bier, the president of the club,
thought that if a bench show committee
was formed the members who had evi
dently gone to the dogs would manifest
an interest in tne. club and rally to its
support; but when he asked for the
names of the members present who were
willing to servt' on such a committee not
a sound was heard until the cracking of
a match relieved the monotony.
Watson finally moved that the club
retire from the show business this year as
its watch dog I ad died because cf the lacic
of nourishment and support, and that the
American Kennel dub be so notified im
mediately.
The motion was seconded and carried by
a unanimous vote, and then there was
ceneral regret that the eld Pacific Kennel
Club had seen its best days.
Messrs. Bushnell and Haigbt were ap
pointed a committee to notify the Olympic
Gun Club at a meeting which wiil be held
this evening at 1303 Van Nes3 avenue, that
it would have the unanimous support of
the Pac fie Kennel Ciub should it conclude
to give a bench show in this City this
year.
Briggs, Brown. Bushnell, Ha'ght and
Watson were appointed a committee with
instructions to interview, personally, each
member of the Pacific Kennel Club and
procure his wish as to the disposal of the
money ($304), wiiica is now in ihe club's
treasury, and if the club shall continue to
remain on earth or disband, the committee
to report progress at the next monthly
meeting.
The president of the club, Mr. Bier, is in
favor "of holdinp the mon»y on hand in
case the Pacific Kennel Club should de
cide lat*»r on to give a show in 1898 —
that is, provided, of course, it will not
meet with any serious accident that may
curtail i's existence.
The Olympic Gun Club will doubtless
determine this evening what its pleasure
will be regarding the riving of a show on
Us orcn respons-ibi i y this year.
STAGES ON THE DESERT.
Freight Tariffs and Passenger Fares
Fixed to Ritnclsburj;
Instead of building an extension from
Mojave to Randsburg, ihe nietrorolis of a
booming mining section, the Southern
Pacific has acquired a rapid-transit sta«e
line, or made a traffic arrangement with
one of the stage iine3 that have been
scalping the public down in that region
since the new 3 first went forth to the
world that gold is to be found thereabouts.
The company's officials recently decided
to wait till greater age and ereater perma
nency to the volume of traffic descends on
Raixlsburg before recommending the ex
tension of the railroad.
The distance from Mojave to Randsburg
is forty-two mile? and the stag's lines for
the transportation of passengers and
freight have had the fixing of rates in
their own bands. The tublic had to pay
irregular heavy fares or walk. It is said
ibiitthe net profits of several stage lines
have been greater than any gold mine in
the Kands.burs district and would have
continued to hi had not ihe octopus got
in and made a deal with one of the lines.
The alliance of the Southern Pacific
with a stage line insures a uniform rate
for the transportation of passengers and
freight, and the other stage lines inu3t
meet, the rate or there will be a rate war
on the* trail that will make the desert
sands fly. There are several roads or trai's
by which the stages travel. One is the
old Borax road, another the old Death
Valley wagon road, and the latest is the
new stage road. Since the Southern Ph
c fie has absorbed or made a traffic agree
ment with a stage iine there promises to
be more work and faster traveling tor the
horses as a result of the competition.
THE DOCTOR'S
EXAMINATION!
Iff v
Do you rest well at night and is your
sleep refreshing?
No, doctor.
When you get up in the morning yon
f »el very tire^ ?
Yes, doctor.
Do you have a dull headache or a sens*
of weight across the brow?
Yes, doctor.
Are you at any time free from pains or
aches?
No, doctor.
Do you work hard— mentally or physi-
I cally ?•
Yes, doctor — both.
Do you feel distressed and heavy after
eating?
Yes, doctor.
Do you have bilious attacks?
Yes, doctor.
Are you losing flesh ?
Yes, doctor.
You are all run down. This condition is
due to hard work— little rest and mental
troubles. Your nervous system is shat-
tered, and not one of the organs of your
body performs its function properly. You
need a rest and a mild digestive stimulant.
You need something to regulate your liver
and bowels. I will write a prescription
for you.
: E. For Mrs. . :
; JOY'B VEGETABLE I
SARSAPAKILLA
: M. Sig. (one bottle) :
: Two (2) teaspoonfuls three (3) :
; timesaday. When bowels are regular :
: reduce to one teaspoonful. :
• ......i... i
No druggist owns stock in Joy's Vege-
table Sarsaparilla. Any druggist claim-
ing to pay ita advertising bills is a fraud.
Don't let the drug c-erk talk you iuto
buying something else for Joy's Vegetable
Sariaparilia. He laujhs at you when you
leave the corner store wuh a substitute.
Watch him.
56
WEDJTKisBXvTiT. •• JAN UAKY 20,1897
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES— Free:
Daily nr.d Sunday Call, one week, by-carrler. .$0.15
Daily and Sunday Call, one year, by mall. . 6.00
Dally and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 3.00
Dally «ix! Sunday Cal:.., three months by mall 1.5 C
Dally slid Sunday Call, one month, by mail.. .85
(Sunday Call, one year, by mall 1-60
V> th.KLY Call, one year, by mail *«M
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San I'rancUco, California.
Telephone Mala-1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay Street.
Telephone .^^ M»tn-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
627 Montgomery street, corner Clay: open until
0:30 o'clock.
339 Hays street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 I.arkln street: open nnlil 9:30 o'clock.
SW. comer Sixteenth »nd Mission streets; open
until 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street-, open until 9 o'clock.
}<;? Ninth street: open until 9 o'clock.
1305 Pol It street: open until 9:30 o'clock..
OAKLAND OFFICE:
60S Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
! looms 31 and 32, 34 Park Row, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Eastern Manager.
CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
There is fun in the mountains.
Fee Truckee and rejuvenate yourself.
Chief Clerk Duckworth won't do it
again.
The Nicaragua canal may come high, but
we must have it.
Stanford University should be relieved
from taxation instanter.
TrucKee holds her festival in an ice pal
ace, but the fun is red hot.
The Legislature presents bills, but the
people have to meet them.
The Nicaraeua canal comes to the front
in Congress w:th good backing.
The Queen's speech to Parliament is
longer than usual, but it says as little as
ever.
Legislators who desire to undertake
junketing trips should be made to pay the
ireigbt.
The Cubans continue to ask for arms,
while the Spaniards seem content to rely
on their leg*.
The stuffed payroll has given the Legis
lature an object lesson which the State
may pro lit by.
There are lots of extravagant bills be
fore the Legislature for the members to
practice economy on.
It is evident that irrigation has a ten
dency to excite men almost ai much as if
it were done with whisky.
Now that old man Salisbury has Parlia
ment on his hands, Grover should send
him a letter of condolence.
The people of every county should re
member tnat legislative economy, like
charity, must begin at home.
The clamor against the Paru Commis
sion seems intended to hide the noise of
the grinding of a political ax.
It is reported from Washington that the
Harrison refunding bill will be talked to
death, so that affair looks all right.
Since the Cuban guerrilla* have be;un
10 attack Spanish warships Weyler won't
feel safe even when he takes water.
When economy gets a good broom in
her Land -he will sweep out a lot of com
missions, as well as oiher useless things.
Economy is the watchword to this ex
leut at least that it is the word in the
Le^'is.ature. and the people have a watch
on it.
The wave of economy which has struck
the Legislature may be regarded by a few
people as a cold wave, but most folks wiil
like it.
A monument to Baker would not be an
extravagance, but the payment of a debt
Jong due to genius, valor, eloquence and
patriotism.
The Delaware Democrats are talking of
sending a si ver man to ihe Senate, and
Jiayara miirht as well make up his mind
to stay in England.
o ßliss of New York was supposed to be
good Cabinet timber, but as he has re
fused to accept it is evident there was a
knot in him somewhere.
Very few appropriations asked of the
Legislature so far are at all appropriate to
the. season. Some need pruning and some
need chopping off at the roots.
Senator Hill seceived the nomination of
the Democratic legislative caucus at Al
bany for Senator, but it wa-i a long way
more perfunctory than complimentary.
Ccc 1 Rhodes' reference to the "unctuous
rectitude" of his critics in England has
raised a row in that country, but the
clamor is strictly conlined to the unctuous.
The establishment of a Secretary of
Mines and Mining would help McKinley
out in his iiard task of titling all hit Cabi
net timber into harmonious adjustment.
The movement toward procuring the
appointment of a Hecretary of Mines is
taking shape at Washington and plenty
of strong men are getting ready to push it
along.
Irish affairs will occupy a large part of
the attention of the British Parliament,
and, as a matter of fact, will continue to
do so until justice is done and home rule
is granted.
In nominating Altgeld for the Senate
the Democrats of Illinois neither comph
men'ed him nor did credit to themselves,
but fortunately the nomination meant
little and is worth less.
The proposed construction of a water
way from the ocean to the great lakes is
good in itself, but as it will benefit only a
quarter ol the Union it should not be
g.veu preference over the construction of
tin' Nicaragua canal, which will benefit the
whoe.
Miss Helen Varies Boswell has been tell
ing the women of New York they can
never obtain suffrage by acting as non
\ artisans— that they must join one side
or the other in the next campaign and
make a party fight of It; wherefore it in
Kiie to say that in ti.e next election in
New York there is going to be in the field
■uch a thing as a surprise party.
JUDICIAL REFORM.
There are several resolutions at present before the Legislature embracing amend
ments to the sections of the constitution which relate to the judicial system of the
State of California. It seems more than probable that some such measure wiil re
ceive the necessary vote -to cause its submission to the people at the next geuernl
election. It is important, therefore, that the best possible amendment may be framed
by the Legislature, so that it may not fail of popular approval, and al&o in order
that, being adopted and put into practical effect, it may be found an improve
ment upon the existing judicial system of the State.
It cannot be denied that for the past several years there has been a growing
opinion that something is radically wrong with our present system of adminis
tering justice in California.
The finger of blame has been often laid upon this or that apparent defect. The in
volved ami cumbersome construction of the Supreme Courtand the consequent delays
in the final decision of appealed cases have frequently aroused the impatient protest
of litigants to whom such delay meant nothing less than a denial of justice. The in
creasing volume of appeals, which has doubtless made these delays compulsory, is
also a cause of complaint. Another ground of di>satisfaction has been the cost of
trials, new trials and appeals arising out of the increased use of court reporters ana
typewriters and the consequent expanding of transcripts and briefs beyond all of the
usages of former days.
If the Legislature shall find that these objections to our present judicial system
constitute sufficient reason for a, present attempt at reform it should nevertheless
no about such a proposed change cautiously, and with a firm anchorage to three
definite ideas. First, the Legislature should give the existing system due credit lor
its virtues- with a view to their carclul preservation in any adopted measure for its
reform. Second, the Legislature should weigh with care the importance of alleged
defects in the present system. Third, in any proposed remedy the LegisJature should
not venture far beyond the report of ciearly defined defects.
It should be borne in mind that the present Supreme Court inherited a legacy of
delayed cafes from its predecessor under the old constitution.
It must also be remembered that the first decade after the adoption of the new
constitution was rife with disputes as to its construction and over the constitution
ality of some of its most vital parts. It should be further recalled that for the past
several years s-uch important subjects as the election laws, the statutes regulating ir
rigation and water riphts, the sections of the codes bearing upon estates, adoption,
wills and domestic relations have been made the subject of frequent amendment and
of much Jitigation. These things have contributed to clog the wheels of our judicial
system temporarily, but whether permanently or not should be wisely weighed by
the Legislature before permanent and extensive changes in the system itself are pro
posed.
There is another point which it will be well for the Legislature to consider in
amending that portion of the constitution which pertains to the judiciary. It should
beware of legislating too much with a comparatively inflexible organic law. The best
constitution ib that which i 3 most general in ita provisions and simple in its terms.
The Federal constitution is a model for our Legislature in this respect. It provides
the National judicial system, but leaves to Congress the working out of the details
and their change to suit the changing conditions of the time. It will be well, there
lore, in any change of our present machinery for the administration of justice to leave
out of the constitution everything but a sufficient outline of the system to limit the
subsequent action of law-makers to definite lines, and thus give the merit of flexi
bility to it which our present system does not possess.
Tnese general principles are advanced for the guidance of the members of the
Legislature in this important subject of judicial reform. As yet no single suggested
amendment has sufficiently emerged from the flood of bills to require specific discus
sion. When any such system reaches the point of consideration in committee or
upon the floor of either House it will be time to place its particular merits and de
fects beueath the cathode ray of criticism.
THE DUTY OP ECONOMY-
The first duty imposed upon Republi- j
cans, who being in the majority of the i
State Legisla:ure are responsible for the
conduct of legislative business, is that of
strict, business-like economy. The people '
of the State have long clamored against |
the useless expenditure of money, and the
Republican party now being in power has
an opportunity to show its fitness to con- |
trol 'he affairs of the State by responding j
to these universal and well-founded de- j
mands on the part of their constituents.
The session began badly. The scandal
of the stuffed payroll dul not augur well
for the future. Tnat, however, is a matter
for whica the Republican party cannoi be
held responsible, inasmuch as the wrong
is divided between the chief clerk of the
As-embly and members of all parties in
that body. The steps vhich were taken
to probe the scandal are, moreover, dis
tinctly encouraging, and give reason for
believing that the Legislature will profit
by the lesson and be more prudent and
careful in dealing with all questions of
appropriating public money iiereafter.
The Legislature should dispense with
those needless junketing trips, which coat
so much money and effect so little of any
value. It should weigb and consider well
li II bills for appropriations of whatever
kind, and wlii.e bearing in mind that
parsimony is not economy should make
no appropriations that are not really
needed to maintain the usefulness and
efficiency of the various State institutions.
People are not opoosed to progress, but
they are opposed to those forms of 01
--pentliiure which so far from being pro
gressive really tend to retard the develop
ment of prosperity.
In addition to practicing economies
confined in their nature to ihe appropria
tions of this session it is the duty of the j
Legislature to provide for permanent j
economies which will save money, not j
only for the next two fiscal years, but vir- j
tuaily for all time to come. Some of these i
economies can be obininf d by abolishing j
useless comrnis ions which now consume '
30 much public money without mating '
any adeauate return. The people can I
well afford to dispense with several of the
existing commissions, and their abolition
would injure no industry or interest ot
any portion 01 the Slate.
We repeat, au opportunity is now before
the Republicans of the Legislature to ao
important work for the State in the di
rection ot the lon^-de^ired "economy, re
trenchment and reform." This oppor
tunity should be taken advantage ol by
the party leaders in the Legislature.
Party interest calls for it, the public wel
fare demands i«, and it is the duty of ttie
Legislature to attend to it.
STANFOED UixIVERriTY.
The plea of President Jordan for the re
lief of Stanford University from taxation,
which was published In The Call yester
day, was in a brief space v thoroughly |
convincing argument in favor of the pro- j
po^ed measure. It was not lont;, but I
every word of it had weight, and it is I
hardly likely that any one will attempt to
refute eitaer its statements or its conclu
sions. President Jordan says:
There is no other State in the Union that re
ceives outside giits in so cold a spirit us CaJi
forn in, and lor that reason there is no large
State which has received so lew gifts. This
is uot because the Suite is really uufrienaiy,
but because the constitution and statutes were
ii Miutd beiore tMM mailers came 10 bo con
sidered. For instance, when Mr. KocKefeller
founded tho University ol Chicago it was ex
empted from luxation and the citizens of Chi
cago furnished all the buildings, duplicating
duliar for dollar the millions which Kockeiel
ler gave. Mr. Stanford iv making a larger
gilt than Mr. Kocke feiler exacted nothing in
return and has received nothing. 1l would
be litting as a (jraceiul act of recognition for
the State, which has already sent upward of
3000 students to Stanford University for their
education, to relieve the endowment from
taxation. Already through the generous v/ay
in which Mr. .Rockefeller's gift has been
treated the University of Chicago is üble to
expend twice as much each year as Stanford,
though the original gift \us less.
The contrast between the way in which
California treats this munificent endow- j
ment and the way in which it would have I
been treated in any large Eastern city or |
in any city in Europe is certainly not to i
the credit of the State. While in other !
communities such endowments have been
added to and encouraged in every way,
California has deliberately lessened the j
endowment by imposing upon it onerous J
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 20, 1897.
and needless taxes. According to the
statement of President Jordan, out of the
present income of $150,000 ot Stanford Uni
versity, more than fiO.OOO each year is
taken for State and county taxes, "and the
balance of Uie $200,000 representing its
annual cost of maintenance is taken from
Mrs. Stanford's private means — pin
money wnich she hau saved up for the
building of kindergartens and for addi
tions to the museum."
This showing is certainly not creditable
either to the wisdom or the gratitude of
the State. It is not grateful to Senator
Stanford and to Mrs. Stanford to thus tax
the benefits which they Have desired to
confer upon the people. Neither is it the
part of wisdom to take money from a uni
versity, where it serves the highest use,
and apply it to a lower one. The relief
asked for should be grunted at once.
THE COMMISdON BILL.
According to reports from Washington
there is iittle danger of the passage at this
session of Congress of the Harrison bill
providing for a commission o! Cabinet offi
cers to arrange a settlement of the Pacific
roads debts. It seems probable, therefore,
that the people will have abundant time
to consider well the meaning of the bill
and determine what course of action to
tako regarding it.
It is sa.d the bill will be reported by the
House committee and stands a fair chance
of passing that body, though it will be
strenuously opposed. An amendment will
be (ff.'red oy the opponents of the meas
ure requiring that the commission to be
appointed shall not report or adopt any
plan which contemplates refunding. If
this amendment should carry the bill
would be largely deprived of any dangers
that may lurk in it and, as there is a
strong sentiment in favor of the amend
ment, there is much of hope in the virtual
defeat of the bill, even in the House.
It is In the Senate, however, the battle
is expected to be won. It is claimed tuat
the bill will not be introduced into ihe
Senate until after it has been accepted by
the Hou^e. This will, of course, bring up
the measure very late in the session, and
it will be a comparatively easy task for
earnest and resolute men to either post
pone its consideration by dilatory tactics
or else "talk it to death." Both Senators
from California are reported to be con
fident of their ability to prevent the
passage of the bill in that body, and, as
they will have strong support, their con
fidence seems to be well justified.
"Under these circumstances, the fight
against the roads is virtually won 90 far
as this Congress is concerned. We are
now assured of a sufficient time to con
sider the changed ai-pect of the situation
and organize for such further contest as
may be necessary to guard all theinterests
of the State.
The outlook is certainly a promising
one, but the promises contained in it
should encourage us to new efforts and
new zeal, and not incline us to lay aside
vigilance and resolution. The resources
of the monopoly are many. It has not
yet abandoned the contst, and will not do
so as long as there is ihe slightest chance
of winning. A new session of Congress
will assemble early in the spring, and we
must be prepared to fight before that body
as we have fought in the past. What we
have gained so far is simply a breathing
spell, and the main issue is still before
us to be settled.
A farm of 200 acres picturesquely located
at the head of Chester Valley, wiihin an
hour's ride of Philadelphia, was recently
sold for $8300, which is estimated to be
less than tiie cost of the buildings on it.
As an illustration of the heavy shrinkage
of farm values in the East, the sale has
been the occasion of no little discussion,
and while some take a gloomy view of the
situation the Philadelphia Inquirer points
out that one conspicuous American, whose
fortune is counted in millions, made a
good deal of it by buying farms at such
times as those.
When Editor McCulJaj;h was alive all
the sparkle, snap and vim of the para
graphs of the St. Louis Globe- Democrat
were attributed to bini, but now he has
gone to the land of no paragraphing and
still those of the Globe- Democrat are as
good as ever. From this we may draw
the conclusion that a bright American
newspaper would continue to edit itself
with force and fluency even if all the
writers iv the world bad gone glimmering.
AROUNu THE CORRIDORS
County Assessor L. A. Spitzer of Santa Clara Is
among the arrivals at the Grand. Mr. Spitzer,
wdo>e home since he was first elected as As
sessor some years ago, has been at San Jose,
was formerly engaged in grain-crowing in
Santa Clara County. He settled there thirty
seven years ago, and has for a long time been
among the best-known mea in tout part of the
State.
Mr. Spitzer has recently been at Sacramento
in connection with an important bill drafted
by Assessors of various counties lor the pur-
COUNTY ASSESSOR L- A. SPITZER of
Santa Clara. One of Many Assessors
INow Here.
[Sketched from life by a "Call" artitt.]
pose of simplifying and reducing the expenses
of their work. This bill, as Mr. Spitzer and
other Assessors say, will benefit both the offi
cials nnd the people.
W. M. Is uiier, Assessor of Cniaveras County,
and G. O. King, Assessor of San Luis Oblspo,
who are also at the Grand, say with Mr. Spitzer
that the bill is a useful one. They and many
other Assessors of ihe State have been doing
what they could to get the measure passed.
Mr. Spitzer is here for a brief stay only. He
will return to his home in a day or two. He
continues to maintain a strong- interest in
strain and fruit growing, notwithstanding his
retirement from the life of a farmer.
"It seems to me." he said, "that the valley
land of Santa Clara County is unsurDassed in
richness by any other land in all California.
Its soil is enduring, and the farmer who pos
sesses it has something that will always afford
him a steady revenue. I only wish there was
more of the valley land. It is of a kind that
Is satisfying to those who hold it."
PERSONAL
E. D. Goodrich of New York is at the Lick.
The Rev. C. Tiilotson of Santa Cruz is here.
Dr. J. Osborne of El Dorado is on a visit here.
J. 11. Davis of Seattle is among the arrivals
here.
Sheriff George H. Hilbert of Placervllle is in
town.
George D. Robinson of Elko arrived here yes
terday.
Benjamin P. Moore of Alaska is at the
Palace.
C W. Ayres, a mining man of Sonora, is in
the city.
J. D. Biddle, a ranch owner of Hanford, is at
the Grand.
George T. Porter of Eilco, Nev., arrived here
yesterday.
L. T. Hatfield, an attorney of Sacramento, is
at the Lick.
G. M. L,angumier, an attorney of Salem, Or.,
is in the City.
E. S. Churchill, the banker, of Nnpa, arrived
here yesterday.
W. E. Dougherty of the United States army
is a: the Occidental.
Professor O. P. Jenkins of Stanford Univer
sity is at the Palace.
P. Rlley, owner of mining property in Trin
ity County, is in town.
C. T. Waldo of Portlnnd, one of the pioneers
of Oregon, is at the Russ.
J. M. Liithrop, a general store owner of New
man, is here for a brief stay.
W. L. Washington and Mrs. Washington of
New York are on a visit here.
The Rev. William Lucas of Fresno is among
the arrivals at the Occidental.
J. M. Tully, a well-known citlzsn of Fresno,
is staying at the Cosmopolitan.
Dr. G. Burdell, a wealthy resident of Marin
County, is registered at the L:ck.
George Blake, n mining superintendent of
Banning, arrived here yesterday.
Sheriff George S. McKenzie and Dr. E. Z.
Hennessey of Napa are at the Grand.
Lieutenant Francis M. Dunwoody of the
United States navy is at the Occidental.
E. L. Sareent, general freight agent of the
Texas and P.icific Railroad, is at the Palace.
C. Winderson, a business man of Sacra
mento, is a late arrival at the Cosmopolitan.
E. F. Parker, owner of a store at Stockton
and interested in horse-raising, is at the Russ.
The Rev. W. E. Smith, a Presbyterian minis
ter at Monlo Park, is among the visitors to the
City.
Jcmeß F. Woodman, a manufacturer of New
York, is at the Grmnd, accompanied by his
wife.
E. E. Apperson, superintendent of a large
cattle ranch near Santa Clara, is on a visit
here.
Dr. W. A. Phillips of Reno, who was yester
day morrled to a young lady of this City, is at
the L.ck.
J. C. Duchow, wife and son arrived from
Sunora yesterday and are registered at the
Cosmopolitan.
F. D. Russell, general agent at St. Louis of
the St. Louis and San Francisco Railroad, is a
late arrival bere.
J. D. Douglass, who is engaged in the lumber
business at Tacomß, la at the Russ, accom
panied by his wife.
11. J. Finger, a druggist of Santa Barbara,
who is a member of the California Board of
Pharmacists, is at the Lick.
William Vnnderhurst, the old-time and
wealthy resident of Salinas, is among those
registered at the Occidental.
W. H. Clay, the wealthy mining man of
Stockton, one of whose properties :s at Sheep
Ranch, is here for a lew days.
J. H. Aldrich, a wealthy business man of
New York, who has for some time past been in
Southern California, is at the Palace.
W. F. Herrin, ctiief counsel of the law de
partment of tiio Southern Pacific Railroad.who
has beeu ill several days, is improving.
John Murphy, who has for a number of
years been a resident of Phoenix and who is in
teroste.i there iv different enterprises, arrived
here yesterday.
James P. McCarthy, a well-known real estate
owner and operator of this City, has gone to
Randsburg'and Johannesburg, the new min
ing towns on the Mojive, to look over the
ground.
A. M. Bergerin of Chicago, an extensive
dealer in California wines, is at the Palace.
He formerly lived here. Mr. Bergerin's lather
in-law is I. G. Wickersham, the banker, of
Pet-Uuma.
A prominent party, consisting of Morri9
Trumbuli and Miss Florence Trumbull of
Chicago, Miss L-iwan Hyde of Boston and Mr.
and Mrs. Frame Trumbull of New York, arrived
bere last night and are at the Palace.
S imucl Jackson, for several years cast an at
torney of Fresno, was in the City yesterday,
nccompanied by Mrs. Jackson. He says bus-i
ness is improving in that part of the San Joa
quin Valley and that future prospects in dif
ferent lines are good.
Ira D. Wines, who Is the owner of grazing
lands near Eiko, New, and of stage lines cen
tering in that town, is at the Russ. He is
down on a business trip.
ueorge H. Hallett, the oldest guest at the
Palace Hotel, on Monday celebrated the
twentieth anniversary of his experiences at
that big caravansary. He antedate^ and over
tops all the other guests in that he has not
been there longer than anybody else, but that
he has maintained his residence there. Sev
eral friends joined him in celebrating the
event and the Palace sent him a coJossal cake
in commemoration of the event.
CALIFORNiANS IN NEW YORK
NEW YOKK, N. V., Jan. 19.— At the ?t. Cloud:
P. E. Benner, J. P. Eisenbach: .\stor: E.
Greeneway; Manhattan: J. A. Ledden: Ev
erett: W. F. Morley; Albemarle: Miss B. C.
and Miss E. Nichols; Park Avenue: J. C. Bull.
PARAGRAPH* ABOUT PEOPLE.
The French Minister of the Interior, M. Bar
thou. is receiving much praise for having re
fused to fight a duel with a man who atro
ciously slandered him.
President Winston of the University of
Texas, has been visiting tne University o
Michigan to learn something of its methods,
and it is rumored that he may try to get one
or two of its professors for his own institution.
Mrs. Henry Ward Beecher, when she was
first married, made, washed, ironed ana sold
shirts to a neighbor's stableman in order that
she might earn some money to entertain cer
tain delegates in a manner befitting her rising
young husband.
Henry Earnard of Hartford. Conn., referred
to in a recent issue of "The New England
Magazine" as the Nestor of American Educa
tion," will be 86 years old on January 24, and
James A. Shinn, Manager of the Cleveland ani Whit»cap Proper
ties, and J. J. Brown, Leading Owner of ths Little Johnny Mine.
[Sketched from life by a " Call" artist.]
the people of that city are preparing to cele
brate the event in a fitting manner.
The wardrobe of the Prince of Wales requires
the unceasing attention of two men to keep it
in order. When the Prince requires new
clothes a letter is sent or his valet calls, re
questing the tailor to be in attendance at
Marlborough House, generally at 11 A. M.
King Humbert, in compliance with the sug
gestion of the celebrated Italian traveler,
Count Gubernatli<, who has recently returned
to Rome from a tour through the United
States, has decreed the foundation of a per
manent museum of American industrial and
natural products in the Eternal City, the ob
ject of which is to foster the trade between
Italy and this country.
The English papers are telling an amusing
story about Lord Carrington, to the effect that
at the last drawing-room held by the Queen he,
in announcing the names of the ladies pre
sented, according to his duty as Lord Cham
beriain, got "mixed," and announced a cer.
ti.in Mrs. M. as "Lady M." Thereupon the
(.} 'teen beut forward to greet her w'th the kiss
on the cheek that is always given to wires and
daughters of peers. As she bent. Lord Car
ringtou fouud out his mistake, turned ex
tremely pale, and gasped out: "Don't kiss
ncr ma'am— don't kiss her! She's not a lady at
all!"
BEWITCHED.
'Twas a dismal day, an I n dour-looking lot
Thai crowded tlie car, when a dear little dot
ul a woman came in and laughed:
And, presto! the dark was with sunshine shot,
For sh* was a witch, though she Knew it not—
K» n face told a tale of her craft.
Her rippling laughter, that ran in quest
Of victims, found never one 10 com,' st
ltscon'.Hgion. The «nole crowd fe.L
E'en the crassest ; iscl co dest.aiid craobfldfst
By responsive smiles 10 the witch, confessed
That they'd jle ded to uer bpell.
The cynic, who'd sworn his heart bankrupt quite—
rs ot a sign of a tentlaifnt lefi— on sight,
i-.'it lie knew it, honored a draft;
Like the rest, hi* face fairly beamed in spit*
Of himself. The} were all bewitched by that mite
- of a 0' Ay, who came In and mushed.
Makv Norton Bbadfobd in .Boston Globe.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
Mama— Johnnie, when you feel angry, you
should always count ten before you say any
thing or do anything.
Johnnie— But it lakes too long.— Puck.
Bobby— Pappa, what was "The Crime of
'73?"
Papa— Oh, that's when your grandmother
came to live with us.— Atlanta Constitution.
"Where did you learn that style of intense
concentration in your drawing?' asked the
woula-bc critic of arising artist.
"From a mustard plaster," replied the
flippant genius.— Cleve and Plain Dealer.
"I'm tired of the men of to-day," declared
Miss Elderly. It was very different in the food
oid days of chivalry."
••Do tell me about it, dear," answered Miss
Deeply; "it was before my time, you know."—
Detroit Free Press.
Conductor— D.d you see the man with the
child?
Driver— No.
Conductor— He's the proudest father I ever
met. Insisted on paying full fare for the six
month-oid boy.— Odds and Ends.
"Yes," exclaimed the elephant, bitterly,
"they have gone and educated my wife to
almost human intelligence, and now she
doesn't know how to get along with one trunk
any more."
There were times, possibly, when education
was not the blessing it was cracked up to be.—
Detroit Journal.
"There," said the managing editor, "goes
the queerest man I ever saw."
'•How's that?" the city editor asked.
"He came in hero 10 submit an article for
publication, and didn't say that he nad always
been n steady reader of our paper."— Cleveland
Leader.
Music Hall Manager— l tell yon I can't give
you an engagement.
Artiste— But I am the cleverest mimic in the
world. Mention any ore you like, and I will
show you how I can take them off.
M. H. M.— Thanks, very much. I will men
tion yourself.— lllustrated Bits.
OWNS THE NOTED
"LITTLE JOHNNY"
Arrival of Bonanza Miner
J. J. Brown After See
ing Randsburg.
He Says the Surface Indications
of That D strict Are the Best
He Has Ever Known.
Mr. Brown and Mr- Shinn Will Proba
bly Visit the Mother Lode—Operat
ing Great Prrpsrties.
J. J. Brown, one of the largest owners
oi the famous Little Joiinny gold mine,
the richest at Leadville, and James A.
Shinn, lessee of the Cleveland and White
Cap mines in the same camp, arrived here
yesterday from Rand3burg and are at the
Lick.
They are among the biggest mining men
in Colorado. Mr. Brown was superinten
dent of Dave Moffatt's crackerjack mines
for eleven years. Arnorg them were the
celebrated Maid of Erin and the Hen
rietta. The Little Johnny, in which he
has a big interest, is the greatest mine
that has been developed in Leadviile in
recent years.
Mr. Brown owns many other interests be
sides this. Besides mining in different
parts of Colorado he is pushing work on
properties in Utah and Arizona, and was
till lately also developing property in
Montana. He went to Colorado in 188J
from the Black Hills. Mr. Shinn owns a
great deal of prospective property, be
sides carrying on the profitable leases of
the Cleveland and Whitecap, of tne latter
of which he is the active superintendent.
The gentlemen have put in three weeks
at Randsburg and think well of the new
camp.
"A good many men from Colorado, old
friends of ours, are there," aaid Mr. Brown,
"and we bought in with ?ome of them.
We didn't put in much money, but we
want to put in enough one way and an
other to test the claims and see what they
will do. If the veins go down all right it
will be a bie camp.
"I have visited a great many mining
camps hitherto, but I never saw any be
fore with such good surface indications.
When the quantity of gold found is con
sidered it is very reassuring. It looks to
me as though it would be a very good
district.
"One trouble about its development,
however, is that there is very little money
there. There is nothing as yet to do any
thing with. But the veins outcrop right
on the desert. Porphyry dykes outcrop in
places from five to twenty feet above the
surface, and parallel with the-e are veins
of quartz.
''The population is I think slightly on
the increase. It consists now of about
2000 people, but it is not concentrated. It
is scattered to three towns, RandsDurg,
Johannesburg and Oarlock, or Cow Wells,
where there are four to five two and five
stair. p mills, with a 10-sta.mp mill' almost
completed.
"I think very well of the district in
deed and if we got anything dowu there
one of us will come out and take charge
of it. I have been in California before,
but Mr. Shinn has not. Neither of us,
however, has ever been on the mother
lode. We have met several old friends
who are interested in mining there and
they have been telling us we ought to ex
amine the lode.
"It is our intention, if we can find the
time, to do so."
Mr. Brown saya it is pretty quiet all
over Colorado now. He attaches, how
ever, little importance to the pulling up
of the pnmpsfrom the mines at Leadville,
as recounted in recent dispatches. He
says this will really make small difference
in the mining development there.
TO AID ST. MARY'S.
The Catholic Ladies Will Get Book
Subscriptions to Raise the Debt
of the Cathedral.
At a meeting of the Catholic ladies of
this City, whoso object was to take
measures to aid St. Mary's Cathedral, the
plan adonted was to take book subscrip
tions, to be made during the coming year,
to be handed over to the cathedral next
Christmas. By his means it is hoped to
decrease the debt of the church, which
amounts to $65,000.
Many of the ladies present undertook to
be responsible .it the close of the year for
various large subscriptions. It is hoped
many others will suon give their co-opera
tion and that at the end of the year the
mother church of this City will be mate
rially relieved.
The Archbishop presided at the meeting.
* — « — •
HYDEANTS AEE NEEDED.
Factories on Sixth Avenue South Seek-
ing Protection Against Fire.
Sixth avenue south may have the ad
vantage of protection against fire soon.
Not long ago the glue works were de
stroyed rausine loss of life and a money
loss of $50,000. The street is eight feet be
low grade, and this has been one reasonwhy
a water main has not been laid through it.
There are tanneries and other establish
mer.t3in which large sum* of money are
invested and in which large manufactur
ing interests are centered in the district,
all practically without protection against
fire. The owners of property are stirring
themselves to have this condition of af
fairs done away with. A
Yesterday a representative of the pr"P--'l
prty interests appeared before the fire
Department Committee of the Board ot
Supervisors ami asked that hydrants
miiiln be placed on the avenue. The coin
m ttee saw the need of hydrants and fully
understood tue danger in which valuable
property is placed by reason of their ab
sence. Nevertheless, unless there is a
water main the* hydrants would be use
less. After talking the maiter over an
agreeniiMit <vas reacned that if the prop
erty-owners would secure a water supply
in a main to be no. less than eight inchea
in diameter the committee would recom
mend to the Board of Supervisors to pro
vide the necessary hydrants. The main
will probably be -ecured.
C OLONEL GREENE TO LEAVE.
The Adjutant-Gfneral of the depart
ment of California to Go on the
Retired Lilt.
Colonel Oliver D. Greene, A. A. G.,
adjutant-general of the department of Cali
fornia, a position he has filed for some
time with credit to himself and the de
partment, will be retired next Monday on
account of age, having attained the num
ber of years when the law says officers of
the army must co on the retired list.
Colonel Greene has a brilliant military
record. He was born in New York in
1833. January 25, 1549, he was appointed
to the United States Military Academy at
West Point from his native State and en
tered there Juiy 1, 1849. He graduated in
July, 1854; became active brevet lieuten
ant of the Third Artillery July 1, 1854;
second lieutenant, Second Artillery, No
vember 2j, 1854; was appointed cantaiu
August 3, 1861; major. A. A. G., July 17,
1862; lieutenant-colonel, A. A. G., volun
teers, August 20, 1802; captain Second Ar
tillery, October 1, lfCjj; lieutenant-colonel,
A. A. G. (United States army), Feb
ruary 27, 18S7. His brevet rank
is as follows: Brevet captain United
States army, July 21. 1861, for gal
lant and meritorious service at • the
battle of Bull Run, Va. ; brevet lieutenant
colonel March 13, 1865, ior meritorious and
gallant conduct at the battle of Cramp
tons Gap, Md. ; brevet colonel, U. S. A.,
March 13, 1865, for gallant and meritorious
service at rhe battle of Antietam, Md. ;
brevet brigadier-general, IT. S. A., March
13, 1865, for gallant and meritorious ser
vice during the War of the Rebellion.
At army headquarters it has not yet
been ascertained who will succeed Colonel
Greene in the position he now so ably
rills. It was expected that the late Major
Wilson, whose death occurred at Van
couver Barracks a few days since, would
have been his successor. Now there is
some talk that the position may go to
Colonel Sheridan, brother of "Gallant
Phil Sheridau."
It is not known whether the remains of
the late Albert S. "Willis, United States
Minister to the Hawaiian Islands, will,
upon reaching this City, be accorded mili
tary honors, no order to that effect having
been received from the War Department
at Washington.
California glace fruits, 50c ib. Townsenfi*
Mocha, pistache &. camelia cake. 905 Larkin.*
SPEaAL Information daily to manufacturer!,
business houses and pub! Ie men by the Pren
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery.*
"I don't know," cried the excited feminine
voice in the darkness, "whether you are my
husband or a burglar, hut I'm going to be on
tho safe side and shoot."— Tit-Bits.
Phillips' Koct island Excursions
Leave San Francisco every Wednesday, via Itl»
Grande and Rock Island itnlUvays. Through
tourist Sleeping-cars to Chicago and Boston. Mao
ager and porters accompany then excursions to
Boston. For tickets. Bleeplng-car accommodation!
and fartber information, address Clinton Jones,
General Agent Hock Island Hallway, 80 Alon&
--gomery street. baa Francisoa.
"Mrs. Win»low'g Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over fif:y jears by mllllom ->!
mothers for their children while Teething wlthpar
ffct success, it soothes the child, softrns :hes;am».
allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, regulates :he Bowel*
and is the best remedy for Diarrhajus, whetherans
ing irom tee.h ing gr other causes. ±orsale by dru»
glsts In every part of the world. Bo sure and as &
lor Mrs. Uinslow's toothing Syrnp. 25c a buta*
fonoNAPO.— Atmosphere la perfectly dry, «nf?
and mild, being entirely free from the mists coin
iron further north. Round-trip tickets, by steam
ship, Including fifteen days' board at the Hotel Jel
Corotiado, $65: longer stay $2 60 per day. Appiy
4 .New Montgomery St., San Francisco.
Always keep In the house a bottle of Ayer's
Cherry Pectoral, for throat and lung troubles.
Your druggist has Ayer's Almanac
A Police Justice of St. Louis recently refused
to allow a policeman to testify in his court.
"There has not been a policeman in St. Louis
for ten years who has seen anything," said he
in explanation.
NEW TO-DAT.
You think of Scott's
Emulsion as only for those
who have consumption or
who have inherited a ten-
dency to it. Almost its
greatest use is for those
whose condition is so im-
paired as not to be able to
get the good they should out
of their ordinary food. In
nearly every case with these, W
Scott's Emulsion of Cod--
liver Oil brings back appetite,
stimulates digestion, restores
color and . plumpness, and
controls the diseases of thin-
ness. Book about it, free,
50 cts. and 1 1.00, at all druggists.
SCOTT & BOWNE, Chemists, New York.
UHUKH
paying buyers
on the coast. No wonder, as some things
are being sold almost at kindling price.
CLOSING:
Little Boys' Wagon?, 9-inch body 7c
Little Boys' Carts, 9-inch body 6c
Bigger Boys' Wagon?, 14-inch body — 14c
Wheelbarrows lor little c raps. 15c, 20c
Clothes Ba-kets used in moving. 100, 25c, 35c
Crockery from "as is" counter... :.% price
French Castile Soap, Virgin brand 860
olb Bn.K S.arcli 25c
2-'>*lbs Best Granulated Sugar $1.00
35 Ids F.ne German Pears $101
17 lbs Tapioca or Sago 50c
SMITH'S ££&*
New place, on Market St., near the ferrV.
COSmOFOXjXT a. JM.
Opposite : U. 8. Mint, 100 and . 102 Fifth St., San
Francisco, Cat — most select famllv hotel la
the city. Board and room $1, $1 25 nnd $1 50 per
day, according to room.* Meals 26a Rooms ■>>>■>
and 75c a day. Free coach to and from the uo.oi.
ijooiL for the coach I bearing the name of the Co*
BOBOUUui Hot* ' • WM. VAiIU V, i>rwiiau»AVKDNK.-»DAY JANUARY SO, 1897
AAtUSfcAiENTS.
Baldwin thkatkb.— Nordlca to-morrow night
( OI.t'MBIA 1 I*KATKK — "Devil's Auction.
Mokoscos cm.ka-Hci sk — "Against the
Stream
Alcazah Thkatkb..— "A Fair Rebel."
Tivow cii'kha IdousK.— -Jack and The Bean-
stalk.
OBFITKtrw— HICb-CI&M Vaudeville.
I'Kori-K'* Palace.— Mahar.is Kellned Minstrels
Templar Uai.:.-997 Market sreet, — Lecture.
J.i CHCTKS akb KkaTlK* Kr\K.- Oail/ at
J ai*.ht street, one block cast of : ho Part.
tCTRO Baths- Bathing and performances.
1 ACiJTic C OAt.-\ Jotickv <■] ,-v._Kaci>3 to-day.
ADCIION i ALES.
By L. H. lirsD- This day, January 20, Fur-
niture, at Sheriff's Warehouse, at 11 o'clock.
By M. .T. Mcßrit>k— Thursday January 21,
}lorses, a; 507 Jessie street, at 11 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
The Pacific Kennel Club decided last even
ing not to give a bench show iv this City this
year.
The Southern Pacific connects itself ■with a
stage line and fixes fares and tariffs to Rands
burg.
Cloudy Wednesday and perhaps rain, with
some winds, is the weather to be expected
to-day.
J. A. Mogan has caused the arrest of eight
restaurant keepers for violating the game
ordinance.
T. C. Medorich, restaurant keeper, has filed
a petition in bankruptcy. He owes $470, and
has no assets.
Coroner Hawkins stopped the funeral of
Mrs. Teresa Kiate yesterday to investigate the
cause of her death.
Warrants will be issued to-day for the arrest
of persons suspected of having mutilated two
tine dog:- In the Mission.
An entertainment to aid the Emergency
Home ior Waifs will be given at Native Sons'
Hail to-morrow evening.
Judge Hebbard yesterday granted a divorce
to Marie C'urien irom Daniel Curien on the
ground of willful neglect.
The Catholic ladies of this City propose to
raise the debt of St. Mary's Cathedral, the
mother church of the City.
Christian Endeavopsocieties were well repre
sented at the installation in the Third Con
gregational Church last evening.
Colonel Oliver D. Greene, A. A. G., Depart
ment of California, will be retired Monday
next, having reached the age of (54.
Charles l'eterson, an old soldier, attempted
to commit suicide last night by turning on the
gas in his room at 403 Kearny street.
Judc;e Coffey has cited Mrs. Mary More Jock
to explain her managniieiit of the estate of
Margaret MeGarnty, an insane person.
Louis Seis is charged at the City Prison
•with having forged two orders for knives and
forks on several cutlery dealers in this City.
Four favorites were beaten at Emeryville
yesterday. The winning horses were : Abalan
ziir, liuk'j of York 11, Doyle, Furrier ana Fly.
Bishop Wingfield is to have an assistant in
tte northern diocese. Bishop Graves has been
appointed Bishop-coadjutor '.o Bishop Wiug-
Prentont Leblond and E. Boniface, owners
of the bark Pierre Corneille, tiled a cross-libel
lor ><;ouo against the British, ship Larnaea
yesterday.
Mrs. Mary Thiery, 823 Howard street, who is
married to"two husb.nds. attempted to com
mit suicide Ust night by shooting herself in
the le;t breast.
It is likely that there will be an entertain
ment given by the Kirst Regiment, Second
Brigade, N. G. C, loceltbrate the winning of
the inter-republic rifle match.
:iin and Mr-. MeFee of the Salvation
Army, who wiil leave this evening tor New
York, were given a reception at headquarters,
1 1 ::'.) Market street, last night.
With the exception of the improvement that
is being made on the old Bay Pis.rict race
track mere is a temporary cessation of im
piovt-mems in the Hictimoud District.
John C. McGregor was sentenced to two
years in the penitentiary by Judge Morrow
jesieiilay for iorging tlie name of Tina
Erschlig to a money order, which he col
lected.
Counselor <4 Xobby" Clarke yesterday suc
ceeded in tying up the affairs of tne police
pension fund b.- a writ of in j auction. The in
junction was dissolved ty Judge Seawell early
ill the day.
The newly stationed officers at the Presidio
gave an elaborate reception and dance at the
hoproom of the reservation last evening.
Colonel flatter assisted the officers to receive
their guest.-.
The t.-ial of If. P. Bowen for the murder of
I Mate Frank Jones on the Balena on
September 1, 189<), whs begun in the United
I'istnct Court yesterday. Half the jury
was secured.
Claus Spreckels yesterday indorsed the pub
lished statement in Thk Call of Vice-President
AVatt, that tie Valley Kailroad expects to
make an Eastern connection with the Atchison,
Topekaand Santa Fe.
The co-psrtnership existing between Davis
Bros, of the Goiaen Rule Bazaar expired this
wonih by limitation, and their affairs nave
j assed into the hands of liquidators, owing 10
a disagreement on equity.
Jo tin Crosby has sued Kate Smith and others
to recover p< ssession of real estate on Kearuy
estreet, south oi Filbert, alleging that it was
secured from his wife, now deceased, through
misrepresentation and fraud.
The Hcaldsburg and Sonoma Commission
C tnpany lias begun an action in the Justice
Court againet Mr. and Mrs. B. F. True of the
Fairmouwt Hotel, to recover $220 90 for pro
visions furnished to the hotel.
A. H. Gauss, while standing on a stc-Dladder
Cleaning the window of a restaurant oa Mar
ket street yesierdav, was precipitated through
the window by tbe ladder slipping, and his
right hand aud wrist were badly cut.
The Supreme Court has denied the man
damus of N. B. Wirt, in which he sought to
compel Governor Budd to appoint two Police
Commissioners and thereby oust Commis
sioners Tobin and Aivordfrom their posi
tions.
Barclay Henley will seek to have Ah Chew,
a. Chinatown actor. indic;ed at the next sit
ting of the Grand Jury for alienating the nffec
tions of "Miss Tni," tlie wife o( Wong Mcc
Hee. Mi\sTaiar;d th>? actor have eioped to
Honolulu, taking $00 belonging to Hee.
The members of the Cosmos Club finally
decided last n;ght to move into new qnnrters
titnated at 1534 Suiter street, corner of Oc
tavln. The bunding In quest:on is owned by
the Fair estate, an 4is admirably adapted to
the needs of a social club like tho Cosmos.
Superintendent Babcock thinks that, under
a decision which be has discovered, the act-, of
the hist Board of School Directors were neces-
Eurily invalid because they cat with Mr. >iur
dock, who acted as a member, although he
hud resigned and was no longer a member of
the board.
A Lawyer JJit Ills Ear.
Because W. B. Grady, an attorney of this
City, put his feel on the table In the Orpheum
'annex last evening, he got in a row with
James Schafer, and as Schafer was no mean
lutaeoniit, Gra'.iy tried to bring him down to
weight by biting off his left ear. Schafer la at
tncliceiving Hospital. Grady is in prison for
mayhem,
NEW TO-DAT.
Ttching
skin
diseases
Bp«itr>T Cork TnKATMXKT for torturing, disfig-
uring, itching, burning, and scaly skin and scalp
diseases with loss of hair. — Warm baths withcu-
ticttba Soap, gentle applications of Cuticura
(ointment), and fail doses of Citticuea Resol-
T»JfT, greatest of blood purifiers and humor cures
Is sold thronehotit the world. Pottii
Dhco & Chim. Corp.. 8o!« Pmpi.. Boiton. _
or " How to Curt Itching Skin Diieutß, Int.
RED ROUGH HANDS^^x^i^.- 4
HIS WIFE SAID
HE CHOKED HER
Mrs. McLsod Dies After
Quarreling With Her
Husband.
He Was Arrested Several Times
for Battery and Threats
Against Life.
Mrs. McLecd Had Papers Prepared
Applying lor a Divorce Frcm
Him.
"Mrs. Elizabeth McLeod, living at 21
Cortiand avenue, died uuclar peculiar
circumstances shortly after a violent
quarrel With her husband, William Mc
l^eod, a ship calker, yesterday after
noon. Several circumstances surround
ing the woman's death led the police to
believe that the husband had choked hi 3
wife to death and he was arrested and is
now in the City Prison charged with
murder.
McLeod is a small, wiry man, -12 year 3
of age, and his wife was a stout, buxom
woman, nine years his senior. Tbei- were
married in this City on February t>, 1M»1.
and for the past two or three years Mc-
Leod was arrested several times for beat-
"WUiam McLecd.
ing her, and one time, in October, 1595,
he neariy choked her to death.
Tuesday, January 12, she swore to a
complaint in Judge Low's court charging
him with threats against hie. On Thurs
day he was arrested and Friday morning
the case was called in court. It was con
tinued till yesterday, and by consent of
the attorneys the Judge released McLeod
on h is own recognizance on his promise
that he would keep away from the house
till the case was disposed of.
McLeod kept his promise, and when the
case Wll3 again called yesterday Attorney
Walter Gallagher, who represented Mrs.
McLeod, had it again continued till to
morrow. Mrs. McLeod and her daughter,
Uattie McNie, by tier lir?t husband, were
in court, and Mrs. Eila Bates, a friend,
who lives at 2135 Center street, Berkeley,
ace mnanied her.
Mis. McLeod went homo with her
daughter and Mrs. Bates, and an hour
later McLeod made his appearance. He
had been drinking, and, as usual when in
his cups, he was in an ugly mood.
Mrs. McL?od motioned to Mrs.
Bate? not to leave tt:e room, and Mr?.
Bates took a piece of paper and wrote on
it, "Go down to the Police Court and
swear out another warrcnt against him."
Mrs. McLeod slipped out and went to
the City Hal!, but all the courts were
closed. She returned home about so'clock,
thinking McLeod had gone away.
He advanced toward her in a threaten
ing attitude, and she said, "Don't strike
me; I will go away." He grabbed her with
both hands by the throat and they both
fell to the floor, knocking over a rocking
chair. Mrs. Bates grabbed him by the
coat and tried to pull him away from her,
and after two or three minutes she suc
ceeded.
Wnen Airs. McLeod got out of his
clutches she ran out of the liou^e to her
next door neighbor's. Mrs. (jr.gan. and
almost Immediately expired. Mrs. Bates'
Mrs. Hattie McLeod.
son, Charlie Bates of the Alcazar, went to
McLood's house and told him and his
mother that Mrs. McLeod was dead. Mc-
Leod replied, "l^et her die and be !"
Policeman Redmond, who lives a few
doors from McLeod's house, returned
home about this time, and he was notified
of the woman's death, but meantime a
message had been sent to the Seventeenth
atreet police sta'ion, and Policeman Slat
t*ry and Dr. Btmnieisu-r went out in the
patrol-wngon. Dr. Baumeister at once
pronounced life extinct, and the Morgue
omci<l« were notified.
Mcl^eod was placed under arrest and
taken to the Seventeentn-street station by
Policeman Redmond, where he was booked
on the charge of murder. He refused to
make a statement to Captain Gilien, but
laier he was more inclined to talk.
He had nothing pood to say of his dead
wile and denied that he had ever been
married to her. They had lived together
lor about fivf years as man and wife, but
there never had bee.n any marriage cere
mony.
"When I went home," saia McLeod,
'they wore having some soup, and I said,
'Are you not troing to give me any?' My
wife got up and cut on her things in a
high-and-mighty way and said she was
uoing out. I put my arms around her to
iove tier and asked "her to stay, but she
wouldn't have it, so she went out and I
THE SAN FRAISCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 20, 1897.
lay down on the sofa, and that is the last
1 know till I was arrested.
'*! never choked her nor struck her in
mv life, but people who want to cinch me
got her to say so. I didn't choke her this
afternoon— that I swear. She has been
troubled with heart dis 'ase for some years
and had a doctor attending her last sum
mer, so I suppose that is what caused her
death."
Mrs. McLeod vras a trained nurse, and
through her own savings she wax able to.
support her daughter, Hattie McN.e, now
about 23 years of age, who is a cripple.
She was highly snoken of by her neigh
bors, who sympathized with her, as they
all knew of the constant abuse she was
subjected to by her husband wuen he was
in liquor, which was very frequent.
On January 9, three days before she
swore to the last complaint for his arrest,
she swore to a complaint prepared by At
torney Gallagher for an absolute divorce
from her husband, in which many allega
tions of brutal treatment were made. The
complaint was not filed, as it was decided
to wait til! the case in Judge Low's court
was decided.
The house, 216 Cortiand avenue, where
they lived was community property.
McLeod is a native of Nova Scotia and
has been in this City for the past ten years.
An autopsy was held on the body of
Mrs. McLeod at the Morgue last evening,
and it was found that death resulted from
peiicarditi9, a disease of the heart's cov
ering, nnd fatty degeneration of the heart.
No marks of violence were found on the
body, ami it is the opinion of the autopsy
Dhysieian that death was caasei from
violent exertion. The excitement attend
ing the quarrel and the subsequent flight
of the dead woman from her nome
naturally stimulated, the heart's action,
and in its weakened condition it faltered,
then failed entirely and death took place.
TO HELP LURE WAIFS.
Entertainment at Native Sons'
Hall for the Emsrgency
Home.
Social Circles Much Interested— The
Work of Mrs. Pettee and
• Mrs. Fisher.
At Native Sons' Hall to-morrow evening
what promises to be a charming enter
tainment will be given for the Emergency
Home for Waifs, in the permanent estab
lishment of which several ladies, promi
nent in social circles, nave personally
interested themselves.
These kind-hearted ladies desire to make
the little waifs of the street more com
fortable and happy, and their aim is to
furnish a home wnich shall be both a
passing or permanent refuge from poverty
or parental neglect for little ones trying
to earn their own living on the streets.
Tho ladies hope that in consideration of
the objpet, and the excellent programme,
the public will lend its attendance to
helping the home along.
Mrs. John Pettee and Mrs. William
Fisher have been most active in interest
ing people in the project, and in promot
ing the entertainment to-morrow night.
Mrs. Pettee and her numerous able assist
ants have sold a large number of tickets.
Mrs. Fisher has the management of the
affair in her hands, and in addition to
these onerous duties she has also seen
tbst a inr^e number of tickets have been
disposed of. It is said that ladies in the
highest social circles of the City have
taken an interest in the entertainment and
its object. The audience, consequently,
promises to be a fine one.
Mrs. Fisher has succeeded in putting
Mrs* John Pettee*
variety as well as excellence into the prc
eramme, and an evening of delightful
entertainment Is insured. The programme
is as follows:
Overture, Bfauebard's orchestra; Girls
Alumni Glee C!ub, under the leadership of
Baroness yon Meyerinck ; boxing exhibition,
Stewart Carter r.'nd other members of the
Olympic Athletic Club; soprano Rolo, Miss
Caroline Bhlndler; acrobatic net, Acme
Athletic Club; Knickerbocker quartet (se
lected); vioiin solo, Arthur Johanusen; light
n:nK bketches, James fcwinnerton; character
sketches, Dana Thompson.
Dancing and refreshments will follow
the programme.
The sta«e will be under the management
of Howard Taylor of the Olympic Club.
A rehearsal will take place this afternoon
at 3:30 o'clock at Native Boris' hall. The
programme will probably be increased by
the addition of several more clever
specialties.
Mrs Fisher or Mrs. Pettee will be glad
to receive for the benefit of the Plmergency
Home for Waifs donations of money or
other things ol availability.
HIS LAST DAY'S WORK.
The Deposed Fish and Game Commit
sioner Swears to Many Warrants.
J. A. Mogan, whose official head as Fish
and Game Commissioner rut off Mon
day nipht by the Board of Supervisors,
turned in the result ol his last day's work
yesterday morning, when he appeared in
Police Court 2 and swore out eight war
rants against violators of the law prohibit
ing the sale of wild game during the close
season.
The alleged culprits are Otto Normann,
Charles A. Zinkand; Manuel Lonirias. R.
Quarg, "William Bo«en and N. N. Adler,
all restaurant men; also against L.Sca
tena and R. K. Malcolm, downtown com
mission merchants.
Cloaks! Cloaks! Cloaks f
Everybody in this City is talking cloaks, and
all on account of the great closing out sale of
Armnnd Cailleau, corner (..eary ana Grant
avenue. Jt is no wonder at its being so, for
nearly one-half of the ladles of this Cilygot
the greatest bargains ever known. Many 'days
ladies could be seen pulling the garments
from each others' hands s<> as to got what they
wanted, then there was fun. The balance
must be cleared out in a few days, so every
body who wan in to make money must hurry
to tiie sale before it is too late. *
MUSIC LOVERS
ALL APPLAUD
Great Reception Given the
Nordica-Scalchi Com
pany.
The Baldwin Theater Thronged
by a Fashionable
Audience.
The Garden Scene From " Faust "
Acted — "Farewell" Concert
for Sunday N.ght.
Society well but not extravagantly
gowned, decorous and altogether sedate,
turned out at the Baldwin last nigbt to
welcome those queens of song, Nordica
and Scalchi.
To those who have Lad dinned in their
all too willing ears tales of the everlasting
glory of a "Patti night," the Baldwin
audience last evening was just a little dis
appointing-
There were no flashing jewels, no price
less laces and no gorgeous opera wraDS.
It was an assemblage that had put on its
very best tea or reception-room calling
gown, and for the most part took off its
large feather-bedecked hats and listened
comfortably to the inspiring music while
it held its headgear in its lap.
The decollete was conspicuous by its
very absence. There were modest little
V's, and any number of pretty rounded
shoulders, that were just dimly visible
through the filmy, lacy bertha; but the
genuine low-cut bodice, exposing throat
and shoulders — not one was to be seen.
But for all that it was a pretty house,
a little mixed, but altogether pleasing to
the eye.
The audience had' come to hear the
stars, and merely listened with tolerance
to the overture of 'Euryanthe," played
by an orchestra conducted by Isidore
Luckstone. This Weber number, by the
way, is the stock overture at the Baldwin-
Theaier when a musical genius is about to
delight the public, and the habitues of the
ttieater know that they must take their
"Euryanthe" before they can get their so
loists.
Tue first soloist last night was J. C.
Dempsey, the bass of the Nordica-Scalchi
organization, wjio sang Mephistopheles'
senenade from the fourth act of Gounod's
"Faust." He has a smooth, pleasant,
well-placed voice, which lit used artisti
cally in a lyric way, tliough none of his
work was dramatic. The "Serenade" he
sang with an absence of the mocking,
devilish spirit with which portrayers of
Mephistopheles teneraUy in3p:re it, but
on the other hand his lyric rendering was
both appropriate and acceptable lor con
cert work, and one never expects operatic
selections on the concert stage to be inter
preted in their true spirit.
The audience showed hearty apprecia
tion for Mr. Demp?ey's rendering of the
"serenade," and in re-ponse to a demand
for an encore he sanjt "Drink to Me Only
Witu Tliine Eyes," and sang it very well,
though a little slowly. The basso's name
would lead one to suppose tiiat he is of
Hibernian extraction, but his pronuncia
tion of "Driak to Me Only Witu Thine
Eyes" was that of a Frenchman or an
Italian.
M me. Scalchi received such an ovation
on her appearance that she had to bow >
and bow ugain before she was permitted
to sing. At last the audience permuted
her to proceed, and she gave "Nobil'
Kignor,' 1 from "The Huguenots," which
only whetted the thirst of the hearers lor
more. In response to tumultuous ap
plause she sang "Annie Laurie," and as a
second encore the "Gavotte" from "'Mig
non."
The last number was the most delight
fully sung of all, tiiough Sealchl showed
herself to be still a gre&t artist in ail her
arias. Her voice shows decided signs of
wear, particularly in the lower notes of
the middle register, but she has many
beautiiui tones left and is still complete
mistress of her voice.
Baron Berthold, the tenor, sane; the
"l'r:z« Song" from the "Meistersinger"
»id showed himself to be of the familiar
\VHgnerian.type, that is to say, Nature gave
him a tine voice, which he produces in
such a way as to jeopardize the continued
possession of it. His dramatic expression
scarcely atoned for the faulty production
of his voice, but he certainly threw him
self heart and soul into singing the beau
tiful "Prize Song" and received a warm
enrore.
Mme. Nordica's appearance was the
signal for a iieaiening burst of applause.
She wa" most becomingly dressed in a
combination of pink, black and helio
trope and wore her diamond tiara as ad
vertised. Nordica has gained somewhat
in flesh lately, but otherwise she has not
changed much in appearance. Her first
selection was a dramatic Hungarian aria
by a composer named Er&el.
Nordica sang it with great intensity
ana in a style which seemed almost un
necessarily violent for the concert stage,
though the W'agnerians were charmed
with her dramatic force. The aria was
evidently very difficult and its dramatic
qualities might appeal very strongly to
music lovers who knew it fairly well, but
last nieht it was unfamiliar to most of
the people present and was regarded
merely as a vehicle for the display of Nor
dicn's voice.
What it revealed was that she has
gained greatly as an interpreter of dra
matic works, but that her register is thin,
and there is too much effort in her dra
matic declaimation for the concert stage,
though in Wagnerian opera this appear
ance ol effort will, no doubt, entirely dis-
aj pear.
Nordica's aria was most enthusiastically
received, and as an encore she showed
her versatility by singing with charming
effect an old English song, 'When Love
Is Kind." This so delighted every one
that another encore was clamorously de
manded, and the diva sang a pretty
serenade composed ior her by Isadore
Luclistone.
The third act of Gounod's "Faust" con
cluded the programme. In this perform
ance the women bore off the honors.
fScalchi was delightful in the roles of
Hiebel and Martha, and Nordica showed
marvelou» improvement in her interpre
tation of Marguerite. She was, in fact, to
the life the simple, guileless peasant girl,
struggling against an overmastering pas
sion which was too strong for her.
The slow degrees by which this passion
claimed Marguerite ior its own were most
subtly and artistically suggested. In her
singing Nordica scarcely once became
louder than mezza voce in "Faust," and
though the effect was tweet and artistic it
gave the impression that the heavy Wag
nerian roles she has been singing are be
ginning to wear Nordica's voice a little.
Dempsey was a fairly satisfactory
Mephiatopheles, but the Wagneriau
Barron Berthald was not quite in his
element as Faust and he entirely spoilt
the effeci of the "Salve Dimora" by in
dulging toward Its close in an unadulter
ated falsetto note, which did not deceive
any one.
Taken altogether, tlie performance wat
a great ?ncc<s. In response to a clamor
ous demand for more seats than the man
agement has to sell, It has been resolved
to give a farewpJl concert on Sunday night.
By special request Nordica will repeat her
Hungarian ana. She will also sing the
Bach-Gounod "Aye Maria," and the
quartet from "Rigoletto" will be given.
MME- LILLIAN NORDICA.
BIDDING THEM GOOD-BY
Farewell Reception to Captain
and Mrs. McFes Last
Evening.
Testimonial to th; Departing Salva
tionist Officer From Prominent
Citizens.
An enthusiastic farewell reception was
given Adjutant and Captain Joseph It.
McFee and also Mrs. McFee of the Salva
tion Army last evening at the department
headquarters, 1139 Market street.
The assembly-room of the headquarters
was crowded with the red-shirted soldiers
who had gathered to meet their comrades
for the last evening and by many citizens
who had met the two officers during their
six years' nctive work in this (Jity.
The platform was occupied by tho choir,
band and also by Brigadier-General Kep
pel, Captain and Mrs. McFee, Major W.
W. AVinchell and Mrs. Winchell, who
made during the usual religious exercises
stirring addresses, eacli followed by sonss
and a volley of handclapping. The lively
cnaracter of ihe nieetiti!; had more the
appearance of a jolly welcome than a fare
well, and Brigadier-General Keppel stated
for the benefit of strangers present that
Salvationists could be happy under all
circumstances.
The retiring officer spoke feelingly of
his six years' work in San Francisco, and
notwithstanding he bowed in cheerful
obedience to the order that directs him
to go away, he would go away wiih many
regrets at having to leave the soldiers and
citizens that had upheld his hands in the
army work.
At the close of the meeting the follow
inc testimonial was read to Captain Mc-
Fee by William M. Bunker, editor of tue
Daily Report :
San Francisco, CaL., Dec. 31. 1890.
Adjn(ant Joseph R. XtPtt, of the
Social Division, Salvation Army— Dear Sir: We
regret that the exigencies of the Salvation
Army service have impelled the army authori
ties to call you away Torn this Ciiy, and we
were untrue to the interests of humanity and
unmindful of the noble work done by you did
we fall to pny a proper tribute to your zeal,
efficiency and gouud sense in dealing with the
wrecks and results of pressing poverty. Citi
zens brought face to lace with imperative
demands from the Ktifiering poor have again
and .again successfully utilized your tact and
exporiencs, and on more than one occasion
the City has solved a public probieai of
poverty, through your advice and personal
endeavor.
Your removal from the City is therefore a
public loss, and while we realize that in the
Urger field, to which you have been called you
will find greater possibilities ior the exercise
of your patience, perseverance and unselfish
devotion, we shall not cease to regret that
your splendid services have been lost to us
and tnat your aid and counsel are beyond our
reach.
Very truly yours, William 11. Bunker, editor
and proprietor Daily Report and chairman
Citizens' Relief Committee of 1889-00-93-94;
L. R. Ellert, ex-Mayor; Adolph Sutro, ex-
Mftyor; P. Crowlev, Chief of Police; James D.
Phelan, Mayor; D. J. Staples, president Fire
man's Fund Insurance Company; George E.
Butler, Butler & Halden; William ALvord,
president Bank of Californin; A. J. Ralston,
president Se.by Smel'.ing f'oinpany; Hugh
Craift, president Chamber of Commerce: Louis
Sioss of Louis Slo«s «fe Co.: Dauiel Never,
banker; O. D. Baldwin of O. D. Baldwin A
Son; William L. Merry, Consul Nicaragua;
Charles Webb Howard, president Spring Val
ley Water Company ; Ltppman Stern ot Sachs
Bros. & Co.; Isaac Upham of i'ayot, Upham
&Co.
Upon presenting the testimonial to Cap
tain McFee Mr. Bunker said it was not
only the iarowell word of the signers
thereof but of the entire people of Bun
Francisco. The Citizens' Relief commit
tees of 1889-90-93-91 would never have been
able to perform their work successfully
without the help and toe practical advice
of Captain McFee.
The captain answered that he was ready
anywhere and at any time to engage in
the same labors.
Captain and Mrs. McKee will leave for
the East this afternoon at 5 o'clock.
NEW TO-DAY.
m lIPIITTCD
Ml JiribUlltn
hi I EXTRA
feS Old
11 Bourbon
*i medicinal •
Lf,€WttJ- whiskey
I *• extha 4f for a
«&-jiW^S)& ■.-'quarter-.
%rw/ century.
\yffiry m »
Ugy R MARTIN
I g^^g 411 Market St.,
BANQUETED HIS FRIENDS
Hugo D. Keil Entertains the
Employes of Goldberg,
Bowen & Co.
A Pleasant Evening Spent in the
Cafe Zinkaad With Sengs, Ad
dresses and Recitations.
There was a pleasant gathering at the
Cafe Zinkand last evening— a gathering
where men who have labored for years to
gether met at the banquet table and ate,
drunk and made merry. They were the
employes oi Goldberg, Bowen & Co., and
the occasion was a sort of celebration of
the approaching marriage of one of their
number, Hugo D. Keil, who on the 26th is
to lead to the altar Miss Teen GoodaJl,
daughter of Captain Charles Goodall.
Mr. Keil was in truth the giver of the
feast, and nothing was spared from Mr.
Zinkand's larder and cellar. Mr. Keil has
been thirty odd years with the firm, and
has become endeared to all of his asso
ciates in the business, and all extended
the hearty hand of good wishes to him.
R. Scaly presided as toastmaster and
Mr. Keil as host. Mr. Goldberg made a
few remarks appropriate to the occasion.
Mr. Bowen, who was never known to
make a speech bsfore, delivered a neat
htile address, that was highly appreci
ated. A. L. Griffiths read an original
poem, while Henry Goldsmith and Asher
Davis sang several songs. G. M. Loner
gan performed an Irish jig. Mr. Zinkand,
who has known Mr. Keil since boyhood,
made a pleasant speech and extended the
best of wishes for the young man's future.
There were about sixty-fire of the firm's
employes present, among whom were the
following:
Hugo D. Keil, J. Goldberg, A. J. Bowen, G.
\V. Wnftuey, G. M. Lonergan, I. P. Johnston,
\V. B. Gray, C. E. Burton, Sam Bibo, R. Scaly,
W. F. Connolly, Ralph Davis, Asher Davis,
Henry Goldsmith, \V. M. Hand, E. L. McClure,
Clarence. Sweu, E. Beardsley, J. Zerman. W.
NEW TO DAT.
alevT
DEPARTURE!
SPECIAL SALE
ROOTS, HERBS,
One of ' • *
Our Customers. . ETC,
FOR ONE WEEK ONLY!
NOTE PRICES :
Sarsaparllla Boot per pound 200
Sage.... •' " 250
benna Leaves " " 30c
Dog-grass " " 20c
Sassafras Baric -.. " " ISO
Chamomile Flowers " ■ 25c
Juniper Berries ••• " " 15°
Elder Flowers.... ........" "■ * 5 °
Buchu Leaves " " 25c
Marsh Mallow " " 30c
White Oalc Bark " " 200
Boneset " " 25c
Catnip " " *5c
Horehound.. " " 25c
All others at proportionately low prices.
ffg- We guarantee all our herbs the FRESHEST
money can buy.
NO-PERCENTAGE PHARMACY
953 Market Street,
South !Mde, bet. Fifth and Hxth.
XEW TO-I> AT— AMUSEMENTS.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WALTER MOROSCO. ..Solo Lessee and Manajs:
First Presentation on the Pacific Coast
Of the Emotional Melodrama.
AGAINST THE STREAM !
An Intensely Interesting Story of Love
and Hatred. 1 ragedy and Comedy.
MAKVELOIS FiRE BC-.NE!
Excruciatingly Funny Specialties !
Thrilling and Exciting Situations of
Living Interest. ;
Kvpnlns Prices— i«»o, -J"o «nrt r»!>S..
Matinees Saturday and Sunday. -
A I f* A 7fi D I THE TALK CP THE
HLufULfUI entire cut!
TONIGHT— The ureaies* War Play on Record.
—"A FAIR REBELS"
Sec the Realistic Llbby Prison Scene!— Don't Miss
'■ the 1 living of the Military Telegraph Lines
and the Actual Sending of Dispatches!
: Tears and Laught»r! Corned v mid Pathos
■dKi.i: OSBOUKXE, HUGO TOLAND
; And AH the Favorites. ".-■•;■
100 Men of Co. L, Ist Re*., N. «. C, on the Stage.
Our Hegnlar rices. Phone for seats— Black 991.
PEOPLE'S PALACE.
WEEK COMMENCING JAN. 18. 1897.
Matinee Saturday and Sunday, 2 P. M.
. LAST WKEK OF '-
HAHAm COLORED MINSTRELS!
;-j ■ See the Funny Comedians, . , .
LEBOI BLAND ' BILLY TOUNG
' And 35 Others.
DO.N'T FORGKT THE CAKEWALK.
TO-NIGHT 1 — 8 P. M. -TO-NIGHT 1
Lecture BOY ORATOR Person
■; -.: Gcod, Music «nd other at ractivo features. ;
Templar Hall, 997 Market St. 10 Cents. .
NEW TO-DAY.
IT'S CURES
THAT COUNT.
Many so-called .remedies are
pressed on the public attention
on account of their claimed
large sales. But sales cannot
determine values. Sales simply
argue good salesmen, shrewd
puffery, or enormous advertis-
ing. It's cures that count. It
is cures that are counted on by
Ayer's Sarsaparilla. Its sales
might be boasted. It has the
•world for its market. But
sales prove nothing. We point
only to the record of Ayer's
Sarsaparilla, as proof of its
merit :
50 YEARS
OF CURES.
Bulencamp, E. C. Rust, A. L. Griffiths, E. W.
Morrison, James K. l\>ltc, George Muritson, Ed
P. Corman, George Dietterle, J. M. Jeffries,
John Owens, J. S. Bobbins, Harry G. Scovern,
J. A. Ilenner, J. M. Goewey, Alfred Thcidy, M.
Marks, George Makamura, Walter Schrang,
Fred Rust.
Will Be Tried Again.
Augustus Layer and his partner, architects,
sued A. P. Hotaling to recover a reasonable
value ol services performed In the preparation
of plans and specifications, ec, of a building
for Hotaling aud they secured a verdict. The
lower court granted a new trial of toe cause
on the ground that it erred at the trial "in the
introduction of evidence of a rule of compen
sation of architects established by architects'
institutes or associations." Layer appealed
from the order granting a new trial. The Su
preme Court decided that the lower court had
not erred and the order for a new trial was er
versed.
Found Dead on the Floor.
Mary Elizabeth Middteton, 37 years of age,
who resided at 2011 Dupont street, died sud
denly yesterday afternoon. Her husband re
turned trom work at 5 o'clock and found her
dead on the floor. Death resulted, it is pre
sumed, from natural causes.
SEW io-dat;
Will you buy a package
of Schilling's Best tea and
have your money back ii
you don't like it?
Your grocer will do that.
We pay him to do it. He
makes his profit, whether
you like it or not.
You see we know before-
hand whether you're going
to like it Or not
A Schilling & Company
San Francisco 513
SET TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS.
BALDWIN THEATER.
AlUayman' & Co. (Incorporated) i'roprn:j-i
NORDIC! OPERATIC CONCERTS
Under direction Al. Hayman, Klaw <fc Erlanger.
KOKDXCA, SCALCHI, BKRTHALD (Tenor),
--: >. DKMPSEY (Basso).
LUCKSTONE, Pianist and Conductor.
Thurs.. Jan. 21. .Last act "IL TROVATORE."
Sat. Mat.. Jan. 23. ..La5t act "SIEGFRIED."
Sunday Night, Jan. 24, Grand Popular Con-
. cert, the Great Quartet from "Rigoletto."
Tji"yrri T3 A I In consequence of the Immense
HuYJL JLvxV. I demand tne management nave
succeeded in arranging with Mme. Nordics for one
GRAND POPULAR AND OPERATIC
ORCHESTRAL CONCERT,
SUNDAY EVENING, JANUARY 24.
(Ifordlca'n Positive Farewell Appearance)
A BRILLIANT PROGRAMME.
THE GREAT FROM "KIGOLETTO"
Seats for Sunday Evening Ready To-day at Box
Office.
Monday Next, January 25,
3VE ODJESKA.
Assisted by JOSEPH HA WORTH and ComDlete
Company.
First wees— Five Ni?htsantl Matinee. "Mafda."
Saturday Night, "Mary Stuart."
Seats for Modjeska Heady To-morrow. Regular
Baldwin prices.
TRiCDLAfUKHOOTTIOD «"o>* UisuAnonArtMUW—
THE " ' T~GREAT
ONE I ATII4ACTION!
DEVIL'S AUCTION.
Possessing more actual novelty than all other
Spectacles combined.
Tons of Special Scenery! Gorgeous Costumes 1
Grand Opera Bullet 1 Imported Specialties!
Brilliant Light Effects! European Premieres!
30 DANCERS 30
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
MK3.Kk.nks tixr KBKT.ma. Proprietor <£ MarwgM
TO-NIGHT!
A GtOKIOUS TBII'MPH!
THE SECOND EDITION
Of Our Holiday Spectacle,
JACK AND THE BEANSTALK.
11l SONGS.
I I DANCES. ,
TVTTT VV gags.
' I\.EJ*T BALLETS.
Ml MARCHES.
I I I TRANSFORMATIONS
THE "A REAL BALLET."
next OPERA. MARITANA.
.' .. LOOK OUT FOR
A. LiLDDI 3XT:
OUR NEW EXTRAVAGANZA.
Popular Prices 250 rtrri sOa
O'FarreU Street, Jhetweeri Stockton and Pov» i'.t.
Strongest Bill Ever Offered ! 1 1 New Stars 1 1
MATINEE 10-DAY (fVedneftday).
■ Parquet any seat, 23c; iUlcony, any sea., iJi
Children, 10c. any par:.
•7— — THE FRANTZ FAMILY 7
I The Most Wonderful Acrobats on Karen— 3 Ladies
' and 4 Gentlemen in Evening Dress.
BINNS AND HINNS. the Musical Comedians.
WILSON A.ND WABiNU, .
Tne Tramp and Dancing Girl.
* A Powerful Bill of Novelties!
The Royal Hungarian Court Orchestra,
NILSSO.VS AEKIAL aim KIKALFY'S GRAND
OPKKA BALLETS— KNTJItE CHANGE.
The Royal Hungarian Court Orchestra will ap-
pear in concert In the Orpheum Annex imme-
dlately after the regular performance.
DACING! RACING! RACINGI
—CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB- —
WINTER MEETING, 1896-*97.
Beginning Monday, Jan, 11, to Jan. '23. Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racine Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
Thursday, Fridity and Saturday.
Main or shine.
FIVE OB MORE RACES EACH DAY.
Races Start at '4: 15 P. 31. Sharp — -
Ferry Boats leave sun Francisco . at la M. • anl
12:30, 1 .00, 1:30, 2:00, 2:80 and 3 P. M.. connect-
ing with trains stopping at the entrance to tract.
Buy your ferry tickets to shell Mound.
Returning— Traim leave the Tracts at 4:15 aal .
4:45 p. m. and immediately after the last race.
v^y THOMAS li. WILLIAMS Jit, President.
R. B. MJLKOY, secretary. -^^
SUTRO BATHS.
. Open Dally From 7A. .1. to 6 t.'. 31.
- '-:-. • Swim in ing Season 1897.
Bathing, Including Admission— Adults
. »sc. Children :Sl)c. . r .
, General Adiuiss'ou, 10c ; Children, So*
78
ARE SEARCHING
FOR A MURDERER
Pilots on ths Gracie S
Expect to Capture
Butler.
At Dusk Last Night They Were
Chasing a Four-Masted
Ship.
Harbor Commissioners and Govern*
m?nt Officials at Oats Over a
Question of Rent.
Butler, the murderer, and the British
ship Swanhilda are still the principal
topic of conversation on the water front.
Two fonr-masted vessels are due from
Newcastle, N. S. W., and one of them is
.«ujiposed to l:ave been sighted by the
steamer Bio de Janeiro a few day 9 ago.
The pilot- boat Gracie S. is outside await
ing the advent of the lons-looked-for yes-
Bel, and should Captain Jordan board her
he will at once place the murderer under
arrest should he be aboard, as he and the
other captains have been sworn in as
United States deputy marshals, and the
•warrant for the arrest of Butler is on
board the pilot-boat.
At diibk last evening the pilot-boat was
standing up for a four-masted vessel that j
was to be seen in the distance. Attain the
waiting detectives at Jleigg* wharf were
all excitement, and the betting was as to
whether it was the Olivebank or Swan
liilda. Darkness fell before the vessel was
made out and it will be some time to-day
before her identity is disclosed. Should
she rrove to be the Swanhilda the dreary
waich kept by policemen and reporters at
Meiggs wharf will bo over, but it the ves
sel turns out to be the Olivebank the
"nisht- watch" may prove to-be indefinite.
Tue Harbor Commissioners met yester
day with Mr. Cole in the chair. President
Colnon and his family have gone to
Truckee for a few days in order to view
the ice carnival. Commissioners Cole and
Chadbourne were in attendance, however,
and the usual routine business was gcue
through with.
A couple ot weeks ago Postmaster Mc-
Coppin notified the board that the charge
for the quarters 01 station D was 100 high
and that the Government would not be
able to pay the rent. At ihe same time it
was pointed out that in Eastern cities the
rent paid was not neariv so high as the
amount demanded in San Francisco. Tne
matter has been thoroughly discussed by
♦Messrs. Colnon, Cole and Chadbourne,
witn the result tnar a letter to the Post
master was formulated, concluding, alter
stating the situation:
All that is required of your depart
ment is the rental proportioned to the
<:hurge for similar space occupied by other
tenants. Thi^ charge, me commission thinks,
yhouid be $1000 per month, to include heat
ing. i-'Ut nut to include lighting. The lighting
of the entire building will be under the con
trol of this commission, such charge being
iiinde ngaiust each tenant as the meter may
show to be due according to a rate fixed to
cover cost merely.
The commission will also provide the apart
ments with the furnishing and accessor:eh in
dicated in your communication ol this day.
As it ;s jof the utmost importance thai tbe
matter should be seulel without demy, the
construction of the building being u<>w in
progiess. you are earnestly requested to pro
••ure a decisive answer from tne Washington
officers as quickly as pos-ib!e and communi
cate the same ;o this board. Very truly yours,
J. J. Keeoan, Secretary.
At yesterday's meeting it was stated
that the central portion of the depot
would be finished inside of ten months,
and if the Government did not want ac
commodations for the Postoflice it should
say so at once, as the space set apart for
station 1) is wanted for other purposes.
Captain "Ned McCoy is to be the new
superintendent of the Spreckels Towboat
Company. He is a most able man, and
will provp a worthy successor to tr.e late
Captain Hawley. For several years Cap
tain McCoy has been in Oregon waters in
charge oi the tug Relief. He will be suc
ceeded by Camain Kandeil of the river
steamer Monticelio, and father of Captain
Clem Kandeil of the Fearless. Captain
Randell left yesterday for Astoria, nnd on
his arrival there Captain McCoy will come
to San Francisco.
The lighthouse inspectors have issued
the following:
Notice .is hereby given that the bell buoy !
marking Souza Hock, near the entrance to j
Port Harford, Cai., is ajuin iv good working I
ord er.
This notice affects the list of beacons and
buoys, Pacific Coast, 1895, page 14.
The members oi B'nai B'rith will take
an outing to Stockton next Saturday.
They have eneaced 100 staterooms on the |
steamer J. D. Peters and will leave at 6 j
p. m. They will have ali of Sunday-in the |
capital of San Joaquin County and will |
reach San Francisco again about 3 o'clock |
Monday morning.
Fears are entertained for the safety of i
the British steamer Kiaora (t:ood inck). i
She was built on the Clyde lor trade be- !
tween Auckland, N. Z., and the Thames
goldtields, but is now out over 200 days
from Glasgow and Lioyds has posted her j
as ruissing. About nine months ago Alex- j
ander McGregor, son of the owner, passed i
through here on his way to England to
inspect the vessel, and he was presumably !
on ooard. Tne Kiaora was a small vessel, I
but very fast and was exrected to make j
the run between the goidfields and her ]
home port in better time than any of the i
vessels on the route.
The steamer Monowai is takinp in 300 j
ions of coal from the British ship Forfar- |
shire. She had to take so much cargo in
at Sydney thp.t coal had to be left behind.
In consequence enough fuel has to be
taken on here to carry the vessel back
home.
Engineer Edward Pait has not been a j
success as a litieant. Some time ago j
Engineer John Stevens of the steamer |
Hope was taken sick and Pait was put in j
ni« place at so mticli per day. lie worked j
live daj's and Stevens returned. Pait de- i
raanded a month's wages and Piper, |
Aden, Goodall <fc Co. refused to pay him '■
lor more than Jive days' work. He j
nroutrht suit ami Justice Groezinger de- j
cided against him. The rase was appealed
and yesterday Judge Seawall sustained I
the lower court. Piper, Aden, Goodall & !
Co. fought the case on principle and they
are consequently pleased over the out
come, even ttiough there was only $15 in
volved.
The Governor has ordered Major-Gen
eral James to board the. steamer Australia
as POOD as she arrives from Honolulu. He
will represent the State and learn Mrs.
Willis' wishes in regard to the landing of
the late Minister's body. A guard of
honor accompanies the remains from
Honolulu and should Mrs. Willis v> desire
tne Governor will call out t:ie militia and
the transfer of the casket irom the steamer
to the cast-bound train will be attended
■with fnll military honors. Governor
Btuld. in the first place, however, wants
to ascertain the wishes of Mrs. Willis in
the matter before taking action.
Sh-erifl' Lyndon Procrastinates.
Charles B. Russell has filed a petition in
Judge Seawell's court asking for an order to
compel Sheriff James H. Lyndon of ranta
Clara County to serve a writ of attfichrnent
the petitioner shows thnt ba has pending
against E. A. Hnves, J. O. Hayes and M. C.
Chynoweth lor .*54(5 75 and that a writ of at
tuchment was placed m the hands of Sneriff
Lyndon directing him to se'ze the property of
ihe defendants at Eden Vale. Santa Clara
County, b*c that the Sheriff refuses to act.
The Pilot-Boat Gracie S "With a Fcur-Masted Ship in the Distance, Which Is Supposed to Be the Vessel Sighted by the
Steamer Rio de Janeiro. Should It Prove to Be the Swanhilda the Pilot That Eoards Her "Will at Once Place
Murderer Butler in Irons, Should He Be Aboard.
"NOBBY" CLARKE
RAISES A POINT
Asks to Have the Police
Pension Fund Declared
Insolvent.
Complaint That His Clients Have
Not Been Paid Money
Said to Bs Due
On the Other Hind the Commissioners
Sy They Are Right and Havj
More Than Money Enough.
Police Commissioners Tobin, Alvord and
Gunst and Chief Crowley awakened yester
day morning to find their hands tied. so far
as the management of the police pension
fund was concerned. Ttis startling state
of affairs was brought about because of a
suit instituted by Counselor Alfred Clarke,
familiarly known as "Nobby" Clarke, with
the ostensib'e purpose of having the police
pension fund declared insolvent.
Not only were ihe Po. ice Commissioners
prevented from taking any action in re
gard to the fund, but Auditor Broderick
and Treasurer Widber were served with
notices that they must neither receive nor
pay out money on account of the fund.
A great many quarterly payments were
due, and tne delay of even a day would
cause a great deal of uneasiness if not
actual discomfort to those entitled to pen
sions.
Mr. Clarke must have chuckled, for,
though he has brought nearly fifty suits
against toe Police Commissioners, he
never before succeeded in causing them
or their associates any inconvenience. It
was his first success so far as worrying the
opposition was concerned, and he was /or
a moment happy. But his joy was fleet
ing, for Deputy "City Attorney W. I. Bro
becu went before Presiding Judge Seuwell
and, after making a statement of the
facts, secured an order from tne court, set
ting aside the restraining order. The or
der to show cause why the fund should
not be declared insolvent still stan>ls,
however, and Mr. Clarke yesterday glee
fully announced that he intended to pre.ss
it to an early hearing.
The complaint that has at last suc
ceeded in disturbing the equanimity of
the Police Commissioners is a curiosity
from the lawyers' standpoint and is inter
esting to tne general reader.
Following his custom Mr. Clarke bases
bis bill in equity on the constitution of
the United fctatos.in this instance alleging
an invasion of the rights of his clients
as guaranteed to them under the pro
visions of the fourteenth amendment,
which provides that there shall bs no dis
crimination in regard to the rights and
privileges oi persons.
The bill in equity is entitled Fannie
Burgess and otners against the Police
Pension Fund — petition to have said fund
declared insolvent. Among those men
tioned as parlies to the proceeding nro:
Fannie Burgess, Mary A. Daley, Mary C.
Berges, Theresa M. Stevens, Hatiie De
laney. Pollen Burdttt, Elizabeth Magnin,
Alfred Clarke, administrator of the estate
of Alexander Grant.
The pleadings set forth the averment
that the defendant is a corporation and a
resident of this State and has been for
eight years engaged in the insurance busi
ness and that the said corporation is and
lor six months last past has Deen insolvent;
further tuat others have been illegally
paid money out oi the fund to the exclu
sion of the petitioners, thus discriminat
ing against them and depriving them of
rights guaranteed to them by the consti
tution of the United States.
The petitioners complain that on the
30th of last Septembi-r the Police Commis
sioners made a eift of $30 to J. F. Moran
with intent to hinder, delay and defraud
its creditors, and that in contemplation of
insolvency th« Commissioners made a
further ei'ft of $170 to Moran.
The defendant corxiinission being a
hank and banker, tne petition avers, (ins
iailed for more than thirty days to pay
certain moneys deposited with it in a
liduciary capacity on demand of payment.
The liabilities of the defendantdfommis
fion for deaths in its membership exceed
$20,000, and the assets on January 14, 1897,
did not exceed $19,401 86.
The manager*, during the last eight
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 20, 1897.
year?,- are accused of having paid out and
diverted a portion of the funds for their
own u~e, a suit being necessary to recover
] the same.
Mr. Clarke specifies that they paid to
i George Clinton $4U95 50, to Sheldon Pom-
I troy $1695 50, to K. P. Hammond Jr.
I fIOOO, to William E. Hail $1500, making a
; total of over $11,800.
The liabilities of the fund at this time
are said to exceed J37.C92, and that the as
sets do not exceed $19,462; so it is alleged
; that the defendant can now pay 52 cents
j on the dollar (or a shade less) on its lia-
I biluies.
Furthermore, it is declared that the in
j come in approximately $1100 a month and
the iiabilties $1000 a mouth.
Mr. Clark? adds that, there is no reason
j able probability that the defendant under
j its piesent management can recover a
solvent condition, and each month of its
continuance must result in an increase of
its accumulated insolvent debt by a
| monthly deficiency of $400.
T!ie most serious aik-gntion in tho bill
in equity is that the managers of tin- fiu.d
illegally paid It. P. Hammond Jr. $1000
on Use pretense that his father, formerly
a member of the Board of Police Cora mis
j sinners, with a salary of $250 a month, was
! insured in the fund, aitbougn he had
| never been a contributor thereto as .other
j beneficiaries of the fund had been. The
i fact ibat payment of a great many claims
I had been resisted by the Commissioners
is referred to by Mr. Clarke, who adds
that "the management while willing to
I litigate with widows, was puerile and
i timid in its dealings with men of political
i strength. It paid George Clinton $4093 54
i for pension from March 4, 1889, and the
' :»arne amount to Sheldon Pomeiov, under
j the pretended sanction of section 13 of the
j pension law."
At the office of the Police Commis
; sioners the latest suit is spoken of liehtly,
j though it i*! freely admitted that all per
! sons connected with the department are
j weary of Mr. Clarke's vexatious litiga
tion." It seems to be impossible to get rid
of him or shake him off in any way, un
less he finally runs out of causes for com
j plaint, which seems a hopeless outlook, as
I he has a fertile brain for conjuring up ex-
I cuses for damages. In addition to tho
I suits in the Stale courts Mr. Clarke has
about a dozen suits pending in the United
States courts.
At the office of the Police Commis
sioners it was stated yesterday that the
pension fund instead of being in danger
of insolvency has a big surplus every year.
Its sources of revenue are as follows:
First— Not less than 5 nor more than 10 per
cent of all moneys collected and received from
licenses for the keeping of places wherein
spirituous, malt or other intoxicating liauors
are sold.
I Second— One-half of all moneys received
I irom taxe^ or from licenses U]»>n dogs.
Third— Ail moneys received lrom tines im
posed upon nieinbiTi of Hie ponce force of
\ laid i oii'ity, city and county, city or town for
i violation o; the. rules and regulations of the
Police Department.
fourth— Ail proceeds of sales of unclaimed
I property.
Filth — Kot less than one-fourth nor more
j than one-iialf of ail moneys teceived from li
censes irom pawnbrokers, billiard-hall keep
ers, second-hand dealers and junkstoree.
Sixth— All moneys received from fines for
carrying concealed weapons.
Seventh— Twenty-five per cent of all fines
collected in moiiey for violation of county,
city and county, city or town ordinances.
Eighth— All rewards given or paid to mem
bers of suon police force, except such ai shall
be exespted i>y the Cliiei of Police.
Ninth — Two dollars a month from each mem
bur of the Police Department.
The direct receipts last year figured up
in this manner:
Contributions of officers .......,.$13,405 00
J-idps of officers...... . 2, 145 00
! Fines and forfeitures, Police courts tt,050 37
Sale of police effects.... 794 15
Total 185.3 M 52
This revenue, supplemented by the re
ceipts from the first, second and fiith
sources, yielded «o much that there was a
surplus of $20,000, which was conveyed
into the general fund of the City treasury.
Attorney Brobeck says that he has
made an investigation, and th.it he can
not see how the police pension fund can
ever fail to have a surplus of from $15,000
to $20,000 a year.
ilr. Clarke's ability to initiate litiga
tion, while it is boundless, seems to end
there, lie has not yet won a suit, and his
complaints have been knocked out by the
courts, one by one, at fast as reached.
Harry Steffena Gets a Thousand.
The will of Daniel Kavanaugh has been filed
for probate. Bequests are made p.a follows:
To Sally Hunlon $100, to Hanna Hanlon $100,
to E.iZHbem Hanlon $100, to Rev. John J.
Cuti lun $100. Harry Steflons of Polk and Pa
c.fie streets, this City, is named as residuary
l^Katec. The estate is worth $1400 in cash.
This will give .Mr. Bteffißa $1000.
Meeting of Bicycle Clubs.
A meeting of the representatives of the
bicycle clubs and Cycle Bonrd of Trade will be
held in the nsscmb.y room of the California
Hotel at 8 o'clock to-raorrow (Thursday) even
ing, to arrange matters in connection with
biiycle day during carnival week.
TO CUKJK A COLD IN ONE DAY.
Take l»3rativeßromoC2uinine Tablets. All drug
gists relund the money v n fails to cure, wig
THEY HOOTED
AT THE DEPUTY
A. G. Fletcher's Very
Rough Experience in
Cloverdale.
Bilter Opposition to Fish Com
missioners in Many
Localities.
Difficulty in Securing Convictions of
Persons Who Violate the
Game Law.
The experience of a Deputy Fish and
Game Commissioner is not always pleas
ant, and instead of receiving; encourage
ment in discharge of their duties in pro
tecting fish and game the3e officials
frequently have to contend with the
The Fish Trap That Deputy A.
G. Fletcher Took From a
Creek Near Cloverdale.
greatest obstacles and annoyances. Such
was the experience of Deputy A. G.
Fletcher in Cloverdalo recently. Word
was received at the Fish Commissioners'
office that there was a salmow trap in Sul
phur Creek, near Cloverd'ile, and he
started out to destroy the 'trap and arrest
the offenders, for it is against the law to
use such contrivances at any time or kill
salmon out of season.
After a considerable search along Sus
-pur Creek Fietcher found the trap. It was
crude, but effectual, for the purpose in
tended. It was made of willow suckers in
the shape of a huge waste-basket, and at
the mouth was a concave coyer with a
hole in the center, through which the fish
could pass. Once inside it was "good-by,
salmon." In fact, there was one salmon
in the trap when the deputy arrived. As
Mr. Fletcher wanted to arrest the offend
ers he secreted himself in the bushes on
the bank of the stream and waited. After
o. while two men armed with salmon speari
appeared, but before they reached tho trap
a third man appeared, who evidently
warned the two that the deputy was n^ar,
fcr he had seen the deputy in a buggy up
the road.
A little later a Sonoma In'ian ap
proached, and tlie men with the spears
told him there was n ii.sti in the trap, and
poor Lo fell a victim at once. While Mr.
Fletcher would have preferred to arrest
the white men he wa* compelled to arrest
the person who actually took the fish from
the trap. However, Mr. Fletcher took the
salmon spears Irom the two men and
broke the ugly implements to pieces.
Then he started for town with the pris
oner, who gave the name of Charlie La
moon, and the .-almoti :md the fishtrap.
The nipn whose spears he ha 1 oroken
preceded Mr. Fletcher, and by the time the
iattcr arrived in Clovordule the whole of
the tough element of the town was out
and gave him a hot leceptiotr. All kinds
of insuliins remarks were made. Trie
prisoner was duly charged with violating
the game law and the fish and trap were
deposited in Justice of the Peace Connor's
office.
Then the trouble began in earnest. By
tne tway, Mr. Fletcher learned that the
names of the two men whose spears he
had broken were Charles McPherson and
Walter McPherson, his cou-in. All that
day a gaiic of town hoodlums followed
Mr. Fletcher and saluted him with rish-'
horns. When he sat, in the hotel the
gang, led by the McPhersons, appeared at
the windows and tooted U.eir tin horns.
Once, when he was on the street, one of
the party showed an inclination to rise a
horsewhip on Mr. Fletcher; but he did
not carry out his intentions. While the
deputy is small in stature, he has plenty
of pluck, and iho lirst blow from a whip
would have been preliminary to a luneral
in Cloverdale. Before the case against
the Indian came up for trial Charles Me-
Pher. j on, on the rdvise of a practitioner of
the law named Uoyl, swore out a com
plaint against the deputy for malicious
mischief for breaking the fi>h ppenrs, but
Mr. Fletcher was released on bail. The
singular feature is that Judpe Connor
issued the warrant for the arrest of a State
officer without first submitting the com
plaint to the District Attorney of the
county.
When the case of the Indian came np
for trial it was found that some one had
stolen tde fish from the sack and substi
tuted a log of wood. The irap too had
been broken. All sort of technicalities
marked the Course of the trial, but the
confession of the Lndian in an unguarded
moment that he had taken the fish in the
stream settled the case, and he was held
for trial in the Superior Court. Justice
Connor, however, volunteered ihe remark
that his sympathy was with the offender,
and that he would not have held him but
for the confession.
At the trial the two McPhersons swore
that they did not see any fish in the trap.
Deputy Fieicher, however, found several
who .^aid thnt they would make affidavit
that the McPhersons had told opeuly of
having seen the salmon. When this was
learned the deputy made preparations for
several arrests for perjury, but he has not
made them yet. Yesterday he learned
that the charge against himself had been
dismissed by the District Attorney. He
said that this is frequently the experience
of deputies who endeavor to enforce the
canie laws in the country.
TEIED FOR MUTINY.
The Crew of the Schooner Klsie Comes
to Orlef.
The seven members of the crew of the
schooner Elsie who refused to do work
they were commanded to do on January
13 were b3 fore Commissioner Heacock yes
terday on preliminary examination for
mutiny.
It was shown that Sailor George Moore
and Cap'ain Currie had a dispute about
lis:h:inc the sidelight?, after which Moore
tried to induce tho crew not to work.
Tha captain testified that the crew
would not do anything, and as a result the
schooner had to be returned to this port.
The crew had shipped from Port Town
send to go on v hunting and fishing expe
dition.
At the Ot-riru*.
At the Monday meeting of the Clerlcus Dr.
\V. A. Brewer, master of St. Matthew Hall,
San Mateo, read a most interesting paper per
latnlng to educational matters on Key. Dr.
Thring, aleadintr educational light. A dinner
for members ot the Ciericus will Boon be held
at the Occidental Hotel.
NEW TO-DAY.
y {%> MANLY
ML POWER!
V mjS^r' Thousands of young, middle-aged and
M *x3^. old men are suffering from want of
&-{ /a strength and manly vigor, induced by a
(Ko£i»<L.Y variety of causes, such as fast living, early
ire*B*SJjr\j£ \ excesses and indiscretions, overwork,
Jw/ls\\ \l V mental anxiety,, brain fag, etc., who might
j//Ww,\\ \\< quickly regain full possession of mental
'// J*Ws!lt\ ' Alt an( * nvsical P owe " by using ■ '
•/r\|j* DR. SANQEH'S ELECTRIC BELT
\l ■)•"■•*■ \ With appliances for weak men. Wonder-
4 IW \v\ ful cures are reported" daily, and grateful
■ V. I -\\ friends send the most interestingaccounts
\ - '' - ■ ' tv \ - _ of . how, under this . splendid . system of
-fey, ' "1 "^^ ~\ self-treatment their eyes began to sparkle,
iW>' " . ,~" ■-■■>?* their blood began to bound through-* their
veins, and their muscular and nervous systems to regain all the elasticity and fire of
early youth.
"I purchased your Belt for weakness and disease in the kidneys. When I first
pnt it on the pain in my back was so great that I could scarcely sit down. It has
completely restored my stregnth and removed the pain and disease from my ki<ineys,
I would not be without your Belt under any. circumstances." CHARLES FORREST]
310 Twelfth street, San Francisco. \ . . : - \
DR: SANDEN S ELECTRIC BELT
Cures the worst cases after medicine has failed. A pocket edition of the celebrated
electro-medical work, "Three Classes of Men," illustrated, is sent ' free, sealed, by
mail, '''on application. Every young, middle-aged or old. man Buffering ; the slightest
weakness should read it. It will show an easy, sure and speedy way to regain health
and strength after all else has failed. Call or address,
SS^ISTTDTIZTSr ELECTRIC CO.,
632 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE: PALACE MOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
Office hours— B A. M. to 8:30 P.M. ; Sundays, 10 to I. Los Angeles Office 204 South Broad-
way ; Portland. Or., 253 Washington street; Denver. Colo., 933 Sixteenth street.
i NOTK.— Mate no mistake iv the number— 632 Market street.
DAVIS BROS.
CAUSE SURPRISE
The Golden Rule Bazaar
Passes Into Other
Hands.
Their . Partnership Will Expire
During This Month by
Limitation.
Affairs Prosperous and Personal Re
lations Cordial, but a Cash
on Equities.
The dissolution of the partnership of
Davis Bros, of the Golden Rule Bazaar
after twenty-six years of unprecedented
business success, will call forth only ex
pressions of regret from the community.
The business was started in 1871 by the
brothers Ansley, Eugene and Andrew in
a very modest way at 419 Kearny street.
Their push and business enterprise were
manifest from the start. They established
numerous branches of their business in
this City and elsewhere.
In 188S Eugene retired irom the firm,
and now the brothers Ansley and An
drew's partnership having dissolved by
limitation and tte.y being unable to agree
as to the manner of liquidation, it was
deemed best to select three weil-known
and influential men to act as liquidators,
and so the Golden Rule Bazaar passes
into other bands.
The Golden Rule Bazaar has always
been a most popular store, and it will
doubtless lose none of its popularity under
the new management. The force con
stantly employed at their places of busi
ness numbers from 150 to 600 employes,
according to the seasons of the year.
An arrangement was perfected on Mon
day by which the business and good will
of Davis Bros, was purchased by a cor
poration consisting of W. P. Morgan of
the Meridea Britannia Company, Albert
Meyer of Daniel Meyer & Co. and Gustave
Frederick, cashier of the London and San
Francisco Bank, and yesterday the new
owners took possession.
The liquidation of the old firm will pro
ceed as rapidly as possible, and all the
affairs of Davis Bros, will be adjusted by
f Messrs. Morgan, Meyer & Frederick.
Cards have ueen sent out to all the cred
itors stating that their bills will be paid as
! fa«t as they fail due.
It was learned from one connected with
I the linn that the assets will exceed the
j liabilities by at least $300,000. This shows
| conc.usively that its condition was most
prosperous.
The brothers have not been able to agree
on lines of policy and management for
some time, but this lack of harmony was
not of a personal nature. Tneir views a*
10 their respective interests were diverse,
and rather than go to law and have the
property pass into the hands of a receiver
they decided to have the gentlemen men
tioned act as liquidators.
Andrew Davis was seen at the residence
jof his brother-in-law, Attorney A. F.
Benjamin, at 2712 Pine street, and made
the loilowing statement on the condition
of affairs:
•'The co-partnership existing between
my brother Ansley and myself expired by
limitation this month. For over a year
we have Leen discussing the question of a
settlement. My brother owned the larger
share, and the only difficulty that arose
was in the matter of a vroper settlement.
"On this we did not disagree, strictly
speaking, but merely were unable to agree
in regard to the equities of the firm's
property. The trouble was not of a per
sonal nature, and to-day the relations ex
isting between U3 areas cordial as ever.
"We did not care, however, to perpet
uate the partnership, and each wa.« will
ing to buy the other out, but the different
valuations we both placed on the store
and its fixtures rendered this impossible.
So we turned the property over to Messrs.
Morgan, Meyer and FredericJc to act as
liquidators.
"They virtually own everything now.
When the property is sold my brother
and I will receive our share?. It is not
improbable that one or the other of us
may purchase the store and fixtures of
the firm and continue in business at the
old stand."
Big Land suit for Sacramento.
Calvin P. Honsley Jr. has sued H. Weinrich,
Mary A. Hensley (executrix of the will of
Calvin P. Hensley, deceased), Maria A. Turner,
Louis H. Turner, Virginia Howeil, Frank
liowell, Ada Dickey, Saniord Dickey, Florence
P. Freeman, clarkson P. Freeman, Wallace L.
Hensley, Reclamation District 55U. Ludwig
M- bins, P. C. Druscher and John Elliott for
tna recovery of rea! estate in Sacramento
County valued at $80,000. The plaintiff
reached the age of 21 years on the 6th of Ihsi
month and is attempting to recover property
that he s«ys ought to belong to him as the heir
of half oi his father's estate.
Carnival of the Golden Gate. M — M
The executive committee of the Carnival of
the Golden Gate has petitioned tho Board of
Supervisors for the exclusive privilege el
maintaining {grandstands on Marke. street and
Van Ness avenue during the second week of
the carnival. The privilege for the first wees
has been granted.
KEW TO-DAT. •
SFNYOIrs
BLOOD AND SKIN
CURES.
Munyon's Blood Cures will positively
cure the worst form of tcrofula, erysipe-
las, salt rheum, eczema, pimples, syphi-
litic affections, mercurial taints, blotches,
liver spots, tetter and all impurities of the
blood.
Munyon's Face and Skin Ointment re-
moves blackheads, pimples, blotches and
all skin eruptions. It soothes and heals
cuts, sores, scalds and burns, and relieves
the pain at once. Sore lips, chapped
hands, scarvy eczema, salt rheum and tet-
ter are promptly cured.
A separate cure for each disease. At all
druggists, mostly 25c ft vial.
Personal letters to Prof. Munyon, 1505
Arch street, Philadelphia, Pa., answered
with free medical advice for any disease.
CAUTION TO THK PEOPLE OF THE
STATE OF CALIFORNIA: Many un-
scrupulous drue cutters, who, having
forced the sellinff price of BIU>YON'S
REMEDIES to co*t. and, therefore, not
desiring to sell them, will tell you that
these remedies are not pood, and will
try to persuade you to take some other
preparation, which they will recom-
mend as being better. Such men ara
not deserving of your confidence or
patronage. Therefore do not be de-
ceived by them, but INSIST upon get-
ting iIUNYOX'S. '
THURSDAY, JANUARY 28,
AT 12 -If. SHARP, BY
cfc CO.,
513 CALIFORNIA STREET.
LARGE SIXTH-STREET COMER.
75x125: E. cor. 6th and Shipley sts. : market,
stores and dwellings; outlay ot $1000 can la-
crease rents to 1300 per month; to close an es-
tate. ; v. c
McAllister Street — A Grand Lot.
40x137:6: N. rsunny) side of McAllister. 137:8
feet W. of Flllmore; lew better lots lor resldenco
or flats on the peuimula.
WOODWARD'S GARDES LOTS.
4 Lois — Valencia, bet. 14th and 15th.
4 lots; each 25x100; E. line of Valencia st,,
120 feet N. of 16th; 14lh and Valencia is a promi-
nent transfer point.
Mission Street, bet. 13th and 14th.
40x100; W. line Of -Mission st.; 237 feet S. of
Kidiey. ,
Ridley-Street Building; Lot.
25x95: S. line of Ridley st., 65:8 W. of Jessie,
bet. Valencia cable and Aiission-at. electric road.
Jennie, Near 13th, Flats— Rents 872.
20x65; No. 1436-38 Jessie St., S. of Ridley; 2
new flat ?: each 6 rooms and bath; at reduced
rents of $36.
:;oxt)s; No. 14*0-42 Jessie st.; 2 new flats; same
as above; rents ff 3B. „ - ;< , t
Julian- Avenue Flats — Rents 542. ■ ■'
40x94; Xn«. 17 to 23 Julian aye.; E. of 'Va-
lencia st. 275 feet H. of 15th st.; always rented.
NE. Cor. 13th & Stevenson, in 1 or 5 Lots
78:1x135: >E. cor. of 33th and Stevenson sts.,
with Chinese washhouse: rent ?.'0; as a whole or
In 5 lots; 3 iroating Ridley and 2 fronting Steven-
son.
Jessie Street— 6 Building Lots near 13th
25x90: W. line ot^essle. 95 fee s. of 13th; 2
lots, each 25x70, adjoining above on the south.
30x70; adjoining above on the south.
30x50. wi.ii L 40x20; {routing K. end of Qulnn
street.
Stevenson-Street Building; Lots.
4 lots; each 25x65: E. line of 8 evenson st., 120
feet N. of 14th; suitable for cottages or Hats. ■
Dolores, Opp. High-School Site.
3 lots: E. line of Dolores, S. of 18th; 1 lot £oxBs
and 2 lots each 29x110; commencing 118 ieet S.
of 18th st.
Flats near the Park— Rent 852.
25x80; No. 43-49 Tremont st., off Waller, near
Clayton; 4 flats; only 2 years built; Haight-su
cars.
Lafayette, near Green — Rents 838.50.
23x60 : If o. 7 Lafayette st. ; off Green, near Do-
pont; 3-story tenement.
Third Aye., near California— Rent 820.
25x120: No. 213 Third aye. : modern cottage; 5
rooms, bath, basement, garden, c.c.
Flats, 21st, near Valencia— Rents 839.
25x114; 3*57-59 21st st., bet Valencia and
Guerrero; 2 flits: rent $H9: a third flat li par-
tially finished; $250 will finish it completely. i
Darolle's Laundry, Chenery Street.
100x115 fronting Chenery, and 160x150 front-
Ing S. P. R. K. Falrmouni lots, IB 2>, frame and
brie- buildins; 100 feet lront; for laundry, dwell-
Ins and stable. '•• . • ■ ■
Greenwich, E. of -Montgomery— 825
43x75: 103-105 Greenwich sr., E. of Montgom-
ery: one 2-siory nous*^ and 2 couage*: wuti some
repair would rent for $28; must be so:d.
Corner York, 26th «nd Serpentine At«. ,
120 feet on York st., 69:3 on 26. and 38 on
Serpentine; as a whole or in 4 lots.
5 Lots on Serpentine Aye., opp. Howard.
80x123: S. line of Preclta «.. opposite Howard,
500 feet W. of l-oUom; also In rear of above, fad
Ing California aye. ; 65x120. '
h. A. Bertelln? l'res. H. Nordman. Vlee-Pres.
A. W. Kirlt, sea Jos. JSordman, TrTaV
427 KEARNY STREET,
Is the very beat place to have your eve* eTamt,.«*
and fitted to glasses with instrument. e«la™v«s
eouafed" 1 WhoBB •"Pe"ority has not y« bSJ
We have no rivals. We value our reputation-
we guarantee satisfaction, and depend solely upou
the merits of our work lor success. BOIBI * u »»u
GEORGE H. FULLER DESK CO.
DEsSlilMilS
FURMTIRS
v ig"ii*'i | |^p>*a3 638-640 Slission St.
IPESTORS^nESTiOS!
rpilE AWtFORD MINING COt ARE OFFER.
x fernga small allotment or shares to enable
them to purchase the necessary -milling machin-
ery *or their v^luab:e pr>perty nt Kandsburr.
I HOMAS BULL, the President, will be in theclty
to complete the purchase or engine an 1 hoisiitis
machinery on the 2Dih and 21st of January 189T
and can be seen at the Grand Hot.<! between 4 and
6p■M. by parties wishing to Invent. ■ •• ■ ■
s: opium
The pur« essential extract from the native m ™ C>a-
talt,s all the valuable medicinal properties ; of Oni?™
wltnout Its noxious elements. No si Jn^f-f .L^T' ?
no Tomit Jig ; no.cosU venew ; no li^toTiuOPPOSES STATE
QUARANTINE DUES
The Chamber of Commerce
Boldly Advises Non-
Payment.
SAY THE SERVICE IS OF
NO USE.
Will Stand by the Mariners in
•; Fighting the Matter in
the Courts
LIVELY MEETING UPON VITAL
MATTERS.
Limit Put on Harbor Commissioners'
Salaries— A Point Arena Life
Station.
To American Shipowners Using the Port
of San Francisco.
, Gentlemen: The present conditions
"* connected with the quarantine estab
lishment at this port are well known to
you as unjust and objectionable to all
ships arriving from foreign ports. This
Chamber of Commerce has for year* con
tended that the quarantine service
should be under Federal control at all
United States ports, and has been
pleased to observe the acceptance of
this view in actual practice. Thus we
have now both a Federal and a State
quarantine service at this port, only re
cently in contention with each other as
to their respective rights.
The controlling: factor, however, is
that the Collector of Customs will recog
nize only the certificate of the United
States quarantine officer and ignores
that of the State. The former service is
rendered free of cost, while the latter i« ■
charged against the ships. The State
Government possesses no quarantine
facilities, while the United States has a
properly equipped station. The State
service is worthless for the public good,
nail an unnecessary tax on an interest
already unjustly burdened with taxa
tion. The delay, annoyance and at times
danger of two stoppages at or near the
entrance of the port is also a serious and
proper cause of complaint on the part of
shipowners, pilots and master*. An
effort will be made to have the State [
quarantine law repealed at the present
session- of the Legislature. In the un- '
certainty of success in obtaining repeal I
we respectfully suggest that parties in
interest apply a prompt remedy by a
joint refusal to pay the State quarantine
■ 1 ties, at the same time an unnecessary
and m just exaction on our maritime
commerce.
- The board of trustees, In respectfully
Ik suggesting to shipowners and agents
I ■■ distance to this useless burden placed
™ upon ourohipplng, volnnteen to join in
their defense whenever a test way be
made, and so far as within its means to
aid in the litigation which may possibly
*but not probably ensue. We are con
fident that the remedy i* in the hand.
of shipowners if they will refuse pay
ment of this unjust demand. We may
properly commence our efforts on behalf
of the shipping: interests of San Fran
cisco'by contesting this vexatiuui and
unjust annoyance.
The Chamber of Commerce of San Fran-
clsco,
By order of the Board of Trustees,
HUGH CRAIG, President.
WILLIAM 1.. MERRY. Secretary and
Treasurer.
The State quarantine service must be
done away with as a superfluous and ex
pensive institution. Money must be
saved on the water front by limiting the
payroll in charge of the Harbor Commis
sioners to 10 per cent of the revenues. A
life-saving station must be estahlished
near dangerous Point Arena.
Such are the reforms that were advo
COSMOS CLUB
WILL SOON MOVE
Lease of a Fine Building
Owned by the Fair
i Estate.
The New Quarters in Every
Way Suitable ior Club
Purposes.
Will Remove From the Old Building
Early in March— lncrease in
Membership
At a well-attended meeting of the mem
bers of the Cosmos Club, 317 Powell street,
last night, it was almost unanimously de
cided to confirm the arrangement entered
into by an authorized committee, under
which the club will shortly move into the
handsome building at 1534 Sutter street,
corner of Oct&via. The building in ques
tion is owned by the Fair estate, and as
recently as last June was occupied by the
Lake School.
This new departure on the part of the
Cosmos Club has been contemplated for
some time past, and is justified by various
pood and sufficient reasons. In the first
j'ace the location of the Sutter-street
i>u;lding makes it eminently desirable for
W-e purposes of a quiet, refined club, such
a\ the Cosmos ia admitted to be. Its
proximity to t:ie best residential portion
of the City will appeal to a wide circle of
those sociably disuo'-ed persons who are
prevented by family responsibilities from
coming downtown in the evening. The
convenient situation of the new building
will make it possible tor the paterfamilias
to enjoy a smoke and a quiet game of
billiards among his male friends, and re
cated and resolved upon by the San Fran
cisco Chamber of Commerce yesterday
afternoon. It was the annual meeting of
the organization and it was also the in
itial meeting of the year.
Other interesting matters came up for
discussion, and before the meeting ad
journed a lively and significant tilt ensued
over an attempt by a strong element in
the assemblage to lay aside all proDOsed
resolutions in a bunch for the purpose,
as it later appeared, of preventing action
on certain measures— among them the
promotion of a water-front- belt-line rail
road calculated to facilitate and expedite
traffic and save to the producer and the
manufacturer the delays and expenses
incident io other means of transfer be
tween railroads and ships.
The president made an address, in
which he commented upon many things
of moment to the shipping, marine and
commercial interests of San Francisco
and its future as a maritime city of in
creasing importance.
He spoke of the immediate r>rospect of
a naval training tchool on Goat Island
and of a lightship and adequate signals
to be placed on the bar at the entrance to
the Golden Gate.
But his most radioal suggestions wore
with respect to the abolishment of port
quarantine dues and the service that
tuxes shipping here for perfunctory quar
antine inspection. The resolution on the
subject as adopted by the board is printed
herewith.
Last year it seems that 37)^ per cent
; of the revenues of the Han>or Commis-
I sion were expended in salaries. A special
I committee reported yesterday in favor of
a regime whereby ordinary business-like
thrift might be observed and money
saved that could be devoted to water
front improvements.
The. following resolutions were adopted
looking to a curtailment of expenses on
the front:
Jicsolved, That section 2552 be amended to
rend as tollows: The monthly salaries of the
i officers of ike State Board oi| Harbor Commis-
I sioners shall be as follows;
! The president. $300; two Commissioners, each,
I «2W.
And tt-ey shall have power to appoint to serve
1 during the pleasure of the board such assist
ants as may be absolutely uecessary, and no
more, at salaries not to exceed the following:
i Secretary, $250: assistant secretary, 9100; at
; ton;ey, $-00; chief engineer, $250; assistant en
i tm. i r, ;f; (JO: chief wliartingvr, stC'SU; assistant.
i wbariinsers, $100; collectors, 975: common la
; borers, per day, ?-; clerks, per mouth, $75.
And in no event shall any salary be higher
I thau what is paid by average respectable
1 business houses for the same class of labor;
; nnd provided, also, that the total amount ot
I money paid out tor salaries of Commissioners
and employes, fuel, rent, printing, stationery
ana office expenses of every kina nnd nature
< shall not exceed in all more than 10 per cent
|of the current revenue received lrom the
water front. And provided, also^hat tripli
cate copies of the report now required by law
! be made to the Controller before the sth of
each month, giving a fu>l detailed account of
the receipts and disbursements of their office
for the previous month, to the ena that the
Mayor of San Francisco and the president ot
the Chamber of Commerce s hail each reciive
a copy mon inly.
£(so!v<d. That it Is the bonnden duty of the
present legislature now assembled to cause
a thorough investigation to De made into the
■ present and Dast conduct of the Board of State
Harbor Commissioners, through a competent
, committee, and to proceed against them and
their bondsmen legally should they have
violated their trust or have wasted the public
. funds.
A resolution approving the general prin
ciple of arbitration in all international
differences and contentions was adopted
and ordered sent to Congress with an ac
companying explanation that the princi
ple should bs applied by special arbitra
tors appointed by parties to each dispute
rather than by a permanent body, and
furthermore that no questions affecting
the Monroe doctrine should be submitted
to aroitration as that doctrine should be
maintained as indispensable to the peace
and saiety of this country.
The establishment near Point Arena ot
a life-saving station was urged upon the
Government in the following expressions
which were approved and ordered tent to
the Secretary 01 the Treasury:
The Chamber of Commerce respectfully
calls to your attention the urgent need of a
liie-saviug station just norm of and near
Point Arena, coast ot Northern California.
Several vessels have been wrecked near the
dangerous headland, in tne vicinity of which
the occau currents are known to be strong
and irregular. Among them we recall the
bark Hyack, the ship E. Buckley, the steam
ship Kastport, the schooner James Townseud,
the schooner Ocean Spray, and the .scnooner
Ida Florence. In tne cases ol the last two
vessels mentioned the entire crews were lost.
The late wreck by stranding near Point
Arena o( the splendid steamsiiip San Benito,
with the loss of s'.x lives, resulting from the
absence of life-savins; apparatus on the coast,
is a most urgent argument for the life-saving
station we request.
In his annual address President Hugh
Craig spoke briefly in review of the tilings
accomplished by the Chamber of Com
merce during the past y-ar and com
mented hopefully upon pending and future
reiorras calculated to be of advantage to
this port and to its commercial prosperity
He said that during the loriy-seventn
year of the organization just completed
the officers and trustees or the chamber
had given consideration to many of the
interests germane to commerce. He de
nounced the State quarantine service as
superfluous and expensive.
Continuing, he said the proposed Ha
waiian cable is yet in the future, but a bill
i« now before Congress which, if pas«ed,
will secure the much needed telegraphic
connection. The British are moving rap
idly to establish a Pacific Ocean cable
under their own control. He mentioned
turn to his own rcoftree at a reasonable
hour, and without fear of undergoing a
Caudle curtain-lecture.
Tbe new building is also much larger
and more comfortable in its architectural
appointments than that on Powell street.
It, contains thirty-one living and sleeping
rooms, in addition to spacious parlors,
dining and reading rooms. Several neces
sary and somewhat elaborate improve
ments will be made on the main and din
ing-room floors wJiicli, when completed,
wiil transform the building into one o? the
finest evening clubs in the City.
"The proposition wi.icn we submitted
to the trustees of the Fair estate," said
Secretary Hart last niijht, "was confirmed
by the court last Saturday, and ail the
other details in connection with the lease
were concluded this afternoon.
"The proposed chnnges in the internal
arrangements will be undertaken with me
consent and approval o! the architect, Mr.
b'chiillz, and will in no way impair the
strength and durability of the building.
We expect to be ready to move by March
1 next."
The club's removal to its new home will
doubtless result in an increased member
ship. As a matter of fact, twenty appli
cations have already been received, and
more are expected to follow. The present
membership of tne Cosmos Club is 123 in
the City alone, and this number does
not include many army and navy mem
bers who make the club their headquarters
when in town.
The terms of the lease are not known,
buL that they must be satisfactory to the
lessees goes without paying.
THE PEEEY POSTOPFICE.
The Government Must Soon Select Its
Space or Lose It.
Postmaster McCoppin feels much en -
couraged over the prospect of a Dew home
for the lerrj postoffice.
"The Harbor Commissioners want a
rental of $1000 a month," said he .yester
day, "for about 13,000 square feet, with
elevators and steam heat, but First As
sistant Postmaster-General Jones thinks
this is too much. This sum is about 90
cents a square toot, whereas in Chicago
the Government pays 50 cents a foot for
the same space."
The matter must be decided soon, for if
the building be finished without reference
to Federal rules it will be too late to get
the required space.
Doctors Want Bodies.
Coroner Hawkins yesterday received a re
auest from the College of Physicians and Sur
geons for all unclaimed bodies. He reiuned 10
surrender any bodies until he can see whether
he Is authorized to do so by the law.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 20, 1897.
the favorable outlook in CoDgress for the
Nicaragua canal bill.
As to the prospective naval school on
Goat Island, in San Francisco Bay, he as
serted that with the able assistance of
Senator Perkins its establishment in the
near future is assured. Already 100 Atueri
can boys are enlisted on board the receiv
ing ship Independence at Mare Island
awaiting the oponing of the school, for
which the steam frigate Pensacola will be
fitted, while the United States ship Adams
has been detailed to make two practice
cruNes each year.
An improvement to the ship channel to
Mare Island Navy-yard ne declared to be
an urgent necessity and a precaution for
safe navigation, for which an appropria
tion should be asked of Congress.
A lightship and fog signal at San Fran
cisco bar should be established before next
winter, an appropriation of $80,000 having
already been obtained for thai purpose.
He spoke with satisfaction of the work
now in progress of resounding and ex
amining the bay, and commented approv
ingly upon the conduct of affairs by the
steamship examiners.
In conclusion he said some favorable
things of the work of the Bureau of For
eign Commerce, the Guatemala Exposi
| tion, the Merchants' Association as an
I evidence of growing civic pride, and other
organizations publicly associated with
commerce.
Captain W. L. Merry as secretary re
ported that the membership had steadily
increased, thoueh not to tne "extent it
might under more favorable constitutional
provisions for admission. The corre
spondence of the San Francisco Chamber
of Commerce, he said, now comes from all
parts of tin world, and its influence at
Washington is second only to that of the
Chambers of Commerce of New York and
Boston. The library oad been increased
by eighty- four volumes.
The successful establishment of a car
rier-pigeon service with the Farrallon
Islands was characterized as the next beat
thing to a marine cabie.
The board of examiners on steamship
and navigation had reported the admis
sion on examination during the past, year
of thirty masters and live chief officers.
In this connection it was remarked that
shipmasters are encouraging candidates
for promotion who have pursued regular
courses in the schools of navigation. Re
gret was expressed that notwithstanding
the great importance of this as a mari
time City, no instruction in'navigation or
[ its allied branches can be had in the pub-
I lie schools.
The treasurer's report showed that
' : $4928 had been collected and $3452 74 ex
| pended during the year.
The report of the election committee
was read. It announced the election of
the following: President, Hugh Craig;
first vice-president, John L. Howard;
I second vice-president, Louis B. Parrott;
i trustees— Louis Sloss Jr., Charles M.Yates,
| George A. Newhall, Charles Nelson, Wil-
I Ham E. Mighell, A. G. Towne, A. Gerber
j dine, Leon Blum, Edward Coieman, Oscar
| T. Sewall, O. B. Field and W. L. Merry.
| The committee consisted of J. Metcalfe,
W. W. Montague, A. H. Herriman and
i James Jerome.
The principal business of the meeting
then began i;i earnest, and a number of
; printed and other resolutions were pre
| sented, some of which were intended to
1 be sent to the State Legislature.
Some one at the back of the room
moved that they all be laid on the table.
The motion carried and was followed by
parliamentary parrying that resulted
j eventually in the resolutions being
j brought up separately, to the evident
j discomfiture of ti.e prevailing element,
I thai had evidently hoped to keep certain
! subjecis in the background.
During the argument raised by the
' opposition, that the whole report having
i been laid aside it was not parliamentary
I to take the resolutions up separately, Mr.
"Williams asked why the chamber did not
vote on the question and so declare its
meaning. 'What was the use of squab
bling about a parliamentary regulation
but half understood? He contended that
they were not running the chamber upon
exclusively parliamentary lines. The
i question before them was simply as to
I whether the water front was being con
dueled economically and in a manner
conducive to the benefit of San Francisco.
; He saw no object in delaying a vote.
The resolution was thereupon carried
i viva voce.
Mr. Corrwall rose to a point of order
i and asserted that the chamber was pro
j ceeding outside i^s own rules adopted in
; earlier days, and that it could not take up
| and pass resolutions seriatim after laying
I the same upon the table.
The chairman decided that the point
was not well taken, and Mr. Cornwall's
• subsequent appeal from that ruling was
I deieated by a vote of 14 to 4.
Julian bonntag then moved that the
resolutions not included in the printed
| rerjorl be taken up and acted upon by the
I chamber. The motion was carried.
The first of these resolutions referring
I to the construction of a belt-line road was
j read by the secretary, and a long discus
i sion followed.
James McNab said the report under
: which that resolution nad been drawn
; having been laid on the table, the resoln
| tion itself was deprived of all force. Thii
; resolution was of a general character and
stated somewhat indefinitely thatthe belt
line road should be extended. He ques
tioned the importance of that proposition,
and it was for the committee to determine
whether it \vas advisable to cut up the
water front for the trifling benefit which
would accrue from the construction of the
I road. He argued that the present lacili
SHE HIS TWO HUSBANDS.
Peculiar Predicament of Mrs.
Mary Thiery and Her Two
Spouses. |
Becoming Despondent She Attempted
to Commit Suicide by Shoot*
ing Hersilf
Mrs. Mary Thiery attempted to commit
suicide last tiight by tiring a bullet into
her left breast. Thinking she was going
to die she told a sensitional story of being
married to two men, and for years neither
knew that the other had any claim upon
her.
Mrs. Thiery keeps a lodging-house at
828 Howard street. Her husband. Charles
Thiery, who is employed at Wieland's
brewery, accused her oi being unfaithful
to him.
The wound, although serious, will not
probably prove fatal.
Believing that she was about to die,
Mrs. Thiery told the strange story of her
life, and did not appear to think she had
done anything wrong by marrying two
men.
"I was married in Germany nineteen
years asro," she said, "to Charle3 Thiery.
About three years afterward we came to
this City, and after being here for a year
or so my husband went to the country.
"1 felt lonely, and, not hearing from
him for some months, I thought he was
either dead or had deserted in ■>, so I went
witli Andy Briegle, a friend, to a Su
perior Judge, and we were married.
"Some time after Thiery returned, and
Briegle hud to leave me. I begged him
not to say anything about being married
to mo, and he promised. Since then he
has been visiting me, and about three
years ago my husband became jealous of
him, and I thought it better to tell him
what 1 had done during his absence.
"Bnegle would no*, stay away from the
house, out he was careful not to call upon
me while my husband was at home. He
threatened to claim me as his wife if I
forbade him 10 visit me.
"My life has been made miserable by
the two men and the talk of my neigh
bors, and I hope I will die."
Thiery called at the hospital to inquire
about his wife, and continued her story
ties were quite sufficient for immediate
purposes and tliut the railway company
already had a belt-line road at the north
ern portion of the City, to which its cars
could without difficulty be transported
from the southern end of town.
Julian Sonntng spoke of the proposed
line as the most important matter upon
which the chamber couid act at the pres
ent time. It was a well-known facl tnat
a bill would be introduced into the Legis
lature during the present session to estab
lish a free market in San Francisco.
Fruit-growers and other producers had
hitherto been everlastingly taxed by
middlemen and merchants, with the re
sult that they had generally come out at
the small end of the horn.
The bill would probably receive favor
able consideration at the hands of the
Legislature, and in that event a bek-line
road wouid be necessary, inasmuch as it
was provided that the market must be
located where water craft couid reach it,
and also that there must be facilities for
rail and other methods of conveyance.
The producers of California who would be
materially aided by this, measure could
not permit their produce to be carted
away from Third and Townsend streets
over cobblestones, to be ruined before
reaching the market.
James McNab repeated his previous ar
gument that cars could already be loaded
at the north end of the town without ad
ditional delay. There was a belt-iine road
at the north "end, connected by both broad
and narrow gauge tracks, and the delivery
of cars might easily be arranged for. To
cut up the present limited wharfage facili
ties would be a great disadvantage to the
shipping interests of the entire water
front.
R. G. Sneath reminded the chamber that
Mr. McNab's drays and wagons were
largely employed lor freight delivery pur
poses under the present system.
The resolution and report had been
drafted on general principles and there
was no question but that if from half a
million to a million could be saved an
nually by the extension of the road busi
ness should be done with that object in
view. The present system was very old
fashioned, and it would be as reasonable
to revert to thi omnibus on Market street
as to encourage the continuance of the
present method of wagon hauling. As it
was, manufactures could not be estab
lished at the north and south ends of the
town outside the cartage limits, because the
expense involved wa3 too great. Accord
ing to a carefully made estimate upward
of 12,000,000 tons of freight were moving
in and out of the City every year, and if
they saved only a few cents per ton upon
tha"t~ quantity it represented a large
amount of money.
"The Southern Pacific," Mr. Sneath
concluded, "hal formerly objected to
putting on a boat to lake cars round by
water, because they feared there would
not always be sufficient freight to warrant
that action."
James McNab said that Mr. Sneath had
tried to make it appear as if he — MeN ab—
was personally interested in this question,
owing to the nature of his business.
"It appears so to him," continued Mr.
McNab, "because ne has a magnified idea
of the amount of transportation across
town. I don't know where he gets his
basis for the number of tons conveyed,
but from 111 v personal knowledge I can
state that 9H per cent of it is imaginary."
Mr. McNab, replying to a question
raised by Mr. Sneath, affirmed tnat cars
could be carried to the north end of the
City from the Oakland pier direct, and
would never have to go near Fourth and
Townsend streets. He further stated tHat
the railway company actually made appli
cation to the Harbor Commissioners a iew
months ago for permission to deliver cars
at the north end of town, but were op
posed by some shijipins; people in that
vicinity.
Mr. Cornwall directed attention to the
fact that there is now a alip at the north
ern end of the City— Yallejo street, where
the railway company lands I.oth broad
and narrow gauge cars. The railway had
secured quite a large piece of property
there from the Harbor Commissioners,
upon which they stored quantities of
freight everyday. All freight from the
Sacramento and San Joaquin valleys
could be brought to the norm end of the
City, landed and distributed.
On division the resolution was lost by a
vots of 10 to 7.
The remaining resolutions referred to
in Mr. Sonntag's motion were adopted
without debate. This concludel the reg
ular business of ths chambe r.
Dr. Stallard, the author of a series of
articles upon municipal government now
being published in the Overland Monthly,
was then introduced by the president, and
delivered a thoughtful and interesting ad
dress, in which he urged some powerful
reasons why the present system of harbor
management by Commissioners must al
wnys prove unsatisfactory. For a more
extended discussion of these questions he
directed the attention of his hearers to his
published articles.
As the only economical and efficient
substitute for control by commissioners,
Dr. Stallard advocated the municipal
ownership of such utilities. He stated
that Glasgow had thereby secured the
most successful harbor administration in
the world. The great dockyards, shipyards
and harbor railways ot that city were all
the property of the municipality, and he
insisted that in no other way could San
Francisco acquire a properly managed
belt-line road, which he admitted was a
serious necessity.
The meeting then adjourned.
of having married Briegle. Thiery has
employed a private detective for some
time to watch his wife and Briegle, and
tie had found out that Briegle had em
ployed men to watch him.
Mr.-. Thiery will live, and her troubles
with her two husbands are not yet over.
GEOGRAPHICAL SOCIETY.
Election of Directors mid C'ouiicilorg.—
Reports Rendered.
At the annual election for directors and
counc lor* of the Geographical Society of
the Pacilic, which took place yesterday,
the followine were chosen: Directors —
Professor George Davidson, Charles L.
Taylor, Harry Durbrow, John Partridge,
E. J. Bowen, Lows L. Kelson, John Dol
beer. Councilors— Hon. Ralph C. Har
rison, Hon. Jeremiah Lynch. William
Hood, Hon. Charles Goodall. Mark Sliel
<!on, F. Stevens Cook. M.D., James F.
Houghton, Gustave Niebaum, Hon.
George 0. PerKir.9, Henry Lund, Irving
M. Scott. Hon. Adolph Sutro.
At 8 o'clock p. m. the annual meeting of
the society wus held at the rooms. Mer
chants' Exchange building, California
street, President Davidson in toe; chair.
The reports of the directors, secretary ana
treasurer for 1896 were read, accepted and
ordered on hie. The report of the com
mittpe which represented the society at
the Nicaragua canal meeting in the Cham
ber of Commerce was read and uccepted.
The meeting then adjourned.
NEW TO-DAr.
5 t^ World's Best Natural Aperient Water 2
» ' •; '; ' V;,. v ;v, " ■■: ■ • ■;■ ■ q
I Hmii yiitii Jsusos I
» Buyers should not allow any other water to be substituted, «
» j^F^l^k^ but INSIST upon having the J
* ir^^HK2^V^^ GENUINE bearing on the blue «
• >^)v3e^Pw^ label tte si nature of. the firm •
I -%?i^f^^ "Andreas Saxlehner" I
CLAUS SPRECKELS
ON THE SANTA FE
Says the Valley Road Ex
pects to Connect
With It.
This Country Can Produce All the
Sugar the People Could
Consume.
Surveying Parties Still in th 3 Field
Between San Francisco and
Stockton.
The San Francisco and San Jcaquin
Valley Railroad is steadily proceeding
with the work of preliminary surveys be
tween the bay and Stockton. Tne survey
ing parties are not large, but they are of
ample size to do the first necessary work.
No surveys for grades are being made,
tiuch surveys will not be made till it is de
cided which one of the several routes
under consideration is the best for all
purposes of tne railroad. The parties now
out are simply making a roujh survey
and examination of the country, and when
a route is finally chosen, a large party will
be sent out, and the survey made with no
more consumption of time than is neces
sary lor good work. Even after the choice
of route is made, rights of way must be
secured, and, as Chief Engineer Storey
said yesterday, it may take considerable
time yet until the company is in a posi
tion toannounce the route of the proposed
extension Irom Stockton to San Francisco.
If the route known as the Kennedy sur
vey, made some years atro for the now
abandoned San Francisco and Great Salt
Lake line, were selected, Engineer Storey
said considerable time would be saved,
but. that in case that route be decided on,
and the railroad come through Fruitvale
down to a point south of the Oakland
narrow-gauge pier, the old survey will
have to be entirely gone over again and
some changes made.
Preliminary examinations and rough
surveys must be made back of all the
points on the bay which the company has
under consideration as a possible terminal.
These points are San Pablo. Malate, Dum
barton Point and Richmond.
Clans Spreckels, president of the San
Joaqnin Valley railroad, was seen yester
day by a Call reporter and asked concern
ing the alliance with the Atchison, To
peka and Sania Fe Railroad by connection
with the Atlantic and Pacific Kailroad-at
Mojave. Mr. fepreckles said :
"I do not like to talk to newspaper
men on this or any other subject."
'What do you think of Vice-President
Watt's statement concerning connection
with the Santa Fe as published in The
Call last Sunday ?"
"It' 3 all right; it's correct. That is all I
have to say.
Vice-President Watt said the Valley
road proposes to effect an Eastern connec
tion with the Santa Fe.
The Atlantic and Pacific Raih oad is to
be sold some day this montn. It is the
connecting link between the Santa Fe and
the Valley road. It extends from Albu
querque, N. Mei., to Mojave, Cal., and
the Santa Fe people cave for some time
been buying up all they could get of the
$16,000,000 of Atlantic and Pacific bonds.
The Valley road will be extended to
Bakersfield* probably by June next, and
there remains only v stretch of forty-two
miles of railroad to be built from Bakers
tield to Mojave to connect the two roads.
Wiien tlae connecting spike i 3 driven
California will have a transcontinental
cojupeting railroad. It is said to be highly
probable that this spike will be driveu in
side of a year.
The proposed route from Madera, with
entrance to San Francisco and China
Basin, will be surveyed also when the con
nection with the banta Fe is effected.
Mr. Spreckels was also askod if the Val
ley Railroad would be extended to Wat
sonviile. He said it would not for the
present. When asked concerning the
proposed increase of the tariff on sugar,
Mr. Spreckels said that California at pres
ent might not be able to produce all the
sugar that is annually consumed in tnis
country, but that the United States could.
THE LADDER SLIPPED.
A. H. Gangs Precipitated Through the
"Window of a Restaurant on
Market street.
A. H. Gauss, a young man 22 years of
age, met with a painful accident yester
day, and as it was he had a fortunate es
cape from more serious injuries.
He was standing on a step-ladder clean
ing the window of a restaurant on AlarKet
street, between Fifth and Sixth, when the
ladder slipped. He was precipitated
through the window, and his right hand
and wrist were badly cut by the broken
glass. A piece of class entered his wrist,
and was forced downward to the paMm of
his hand, and Dr. Bunnell had to cut it
out at the Receiving Hospital. There
were altogether six wounds on his hand
and wrist, and a ring that he wore on his
little ringer was cut through.
Gauss is a young fellow of good educa
tion. His family reside in Chicago, where
ne was employed in the office of the
Phoenix Insurance Company. He was in
duced to come here a iew months ago,
anci, being unable to procure a situation,
his funds became exhausted, and he wa. I
glad to do odd jobs around the restaurant.
Dr. Bunnell telegraphed to Gauss'
father in Chicago, informing him of the
accident, and i-uggesting that some funds
should be sent him.
Teacher* on the Retired List.
Mrs. Josephine E. Gerichten aud Miss Eliza
ceth M. Molloy have been placed on the list of
those entitled to draw quarterly allowances
from the teachers' retirement lund by the
Board 01 School Teachers' Retirement Fund
Commissioners, consisting of Mayor Phelan,
Superintendent Babcock and City aud County
Treasurer Widber. Mrs. Gerichten has bf-en in
the service twenty-two years and Miss Molloy
twenty-nine years. The board also audited
the quarterly payments of other teachers on
the list, which run from $135 to $150 per
quarter.
ITEW^ TO-DAT-DRT GOOD<I.
"■",■■- ■ ■ ■ " .-!■' •./■-' ■ .' #
TImWING OFFERINGS
OF 1
CLEARANCE BARGAINS!
In connection with many other attractions, OUR
GREAT SACRIFICE CLEARANCE SALE continues
with A GREAT SPECIAL OFFERING of the fol-
lowing SPECIAL LINES j
At a Specially Heavy Sacrifice!
LADIES' KID GLOVES!
400 dozen 4 and 7 HOOK GENUINE "FOSTER" KID GLOVES, colors and I rA.
black (slightly imperfect), worth $1 50 and $1 75 a pair, will be closed out at | 0"C
COLORED DRESS GOODS!
110 pieces 38-INCH EXTRA FINE ALL-WOOL BOUCLE CHECKS AND
PLAIDS, in medium and bright colorings, former price $1 a yard, on special sftft
sale at uvyj
92 pieces 44-INCH ALL-WOOL FRENCH NOVELTY SUITING, a full line I rr A.
of colors, former price $1 a yard, on special sale at.. | v "C
79 pieces 44-INCH ALL-WOOL FANCY CROCETTA SUITING, two-toned I 7-
effects, former price $1 25 a yard, on special sale at..;.: | I ?)C
EMBROIDERIES! EMBROIDERIES!
CAMBRIC AND NAINSOOK GUIPURE EMBROIDERY, regular price 7}~<c I 9 n
a yard, special sale price J _ ". | dv
'■ - ; — —
CAMBRIC and NAINSOOK GUIPURE EMBROIDERY, regular price 10c and I r«
a yard, special sale price...... ' | Ov
CAMBRIC, NAINSOOK AND SWISS GUIPURE EMBROIDERY, regular I 1 A A
price 20c a, yard, special sale price-. | l"0
CAMBRIC, NAINSOOK AND SWISS GUIPURE AND IRISH POINT I ar,
EMBROIDERY, regular price 50c, 60c and 75c a yard, special sale price.... | mV\i
I MEN'S FURNISHINGS.
76 dozen MEN'S HEAVY MERINO SOCKS, full finished, with double- I 1 ai_
spliced heels and toes, regular price 25c a pair. Clearance tale price | 1* 2C
42 dozen MEN'S HEAVY CAMELS-HAIR UNDERSHIRTS AND DRAW- |
ERS, silk finished and warranted thoroughly shrunk, regular price $1 23 j n )(*
each. Clearance sale price . | \)J\i
HOSIERY! HOSIERY !
100 dozen CHILDREN'S BLACK RIBBED COTTON HOSE, double knees,
heels and toes, warranted last black, size 6 to 9J4, worth 25c a pair, on I ",,f
special sale at 1 "- iXJ
TAFFETA MOIRE RIBBONS!
4-INCH ALL-SILK TAFFETA MOIRE RIBBONS, all silk. Special sale will I QA '
be offered at, yard.... | OUC
IMI m^ MURPHY BUILDING, /
1/1/ Martet Street, Corner cf Jones, /
Sail Francisco. *
— 1
'/>;• int t fftfll II
. " Almost with the regularity of clock-work," said the editor of a New York trade paper,
when relating bis experience with ...........
Ripans-Tabules
*' I used to feel at about 11 o'clock that something had gone wrong with ray breakfast.
Especially was this true if I had had a restless night, as you know is not an uncommon
thing with head-workers. My stomach,'' continued he, "is under the standard as to
strength and it used to seem at those times to act only indifferently and sometimes to even
•top work. Clouds would come before my vision and then a slight nausea would be felt.
Years of that sort of thing had made me know the symptoms as well as I know my name, .
but since I learned about RipansTabules I have practically overcome the difficulty and "
it is not often that any one gets as enthusiastic over anything as I do over them. Now-
*. adays, whenever I recognize the old •familiar symptom, .'.'
DOWN GOES ONE OF THE BLESSED LITTLE CONCENTRATED BOONS,
And in a few minutes the visual clouds Kft, discomfort passes away, my stomach
apparently resumes its operations and at half past 12 or 1 o'clock I go out for mv usual •
rather hearty luncheon— all in delightful contrast with my former practically ruined
•?, ; . afternoons which I used vainly to seek to escape by fasting and various doses.''
■O-O-00-O-O-00-O-O-O-O-O Baja California
AN EXCELLENT Damiana Bitters
IT WTI A T Prnnprlv nrenarpd and T 8 A ''"^Kllfn, APHIODISIAC AND
II /I L 7 A I properly prepared and J[ speci c tonicfortho sexual aud urinary organs
I VI I [*r\ V-L promptly served, can ot both sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of
AT ■ ■ i*:*w.V always be Obtained in tli" kidneys and bladder. A great Kestoratlva
■• • . ' ' "■ Juvlporator and Nervin». Sells on Its own Merit*;
THE GRILL ROOM OF THE »o long- Rinded teuimo ni^ece **ry.
-■ -j.----.r-- • . - NAIiKIC, ALFS & BKUNJE, Agents,
Decidedly the T™\ A T! A--/'-' I l_7- 333 Market St.,' S. F.— (Send for Circular)
Most Popular K-* i\ 1..1 X I ' H I — — — — — — — —
Dining Apart- * T---^~^ '^ ■'* 4 „ Ohl«he«ter's En«U»li Dtamoaa Brand.
rS^Swv?vlfwv^ rENHYROYAL PILLS
V\A/VVVVVVVVVV B >-<K-V - - Orl«lii«l and Only eennloe. A
„, "■ Ai/TkV •Are, »lw»j» reliable. i.*oies uk A\
:• ■ -•■»- .■-•■- ■: -. ■■_,;■■■ S'.jVi Drufgttt for CMchettcr* Snqlith Dla iffVX
mciv WESTERN HOTEL, tfHijSfyfgSS'nend Brand In IJed »n<l Potd m«ul!io\\«7
, NEW -WfcjICKIN. nUIcL, »e%M with blue ribboa. Take \y
KEARNY AND r WASHINGTON BTS.-RB- I*l O^^fS'L^
modeled and renovated. KINO WAKD * COl [L ■■&gT^ m 2?pi£X?£&ZS3?Zi
European plan. Booms 50c to *1 50 per timy, $i Imm H ReUef for Ladle*" in Uttr „.„..
to «b per woels. »8 to »ao per montn: irea ii»t!u: Aj^ 1 , tr ■ HaiL t o.doo T M «mooiJT^om/JSS!
hot and cold water every room: , tin triMtm . >—"/;o!iiel«e«terC«eittlciilCo.,«l»dl(ionBqu».-»
I every room; elevator ruuj nUuisat. 1 lola to »a BrutgUn, .. . hlUsn
910
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SU3IMAKY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver unchanged.
Wheat Freights lower.
Wheat weaker. Barley dull.
Oats. Corn and Rye neglected.
Hay weak. Bran lower.
Boiled 1 arley cheaper.
Flour and Mlllstufts uncbanjed.
Yelloiv .Mmtnrl Seed lower.
Beans dull and weak.
Potatoes and Onions firm.
Vegetables quiet.
Butler weak. Ecrgs lower.
.More Eastern Poultry in.
Game qaiet.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits dull.
Wore inquiry for Dried Peaches.
Hams weaker.
Hides and Leather dv 1.
More demand for Wool.
Hops st li liegleced.
Beef rather weaker.
some changes in Codfish. -
Coffee quiet.
Oils unchanged.
Explanation. f
The arrow flies with the wind. The top figuref
at station :ndira;e maximum temperature for the
days; those underneath it, if any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and hundredtbs,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect pq|n s of equal air pressure; Iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "hich" means hl?h tarometric pressure and
is usually aceomuaufed by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows' 1 usually first appear on the Washington
coast. When the pressure is high in the interior
and low aloni! the coast, and the Isobars extend
north ami south alone the coast, rain is probable:
but when the "low Is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon Is Improb
able. With a "high" In the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected In summer mid colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these condition*
will produce tn opposite result.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
United States Dkpartmext of Agricul/
-turk. Wkathkr Eubkau. sax FRANCISCO Jan.
19. 1897, 5 p. m.— Weather conditions and general j
forecast: 1
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date I
(is compared with those of same date last season
and rainfa'.ls during the pest twenty-four hours:
Eureka 23.48 Inches, Imtsmsoi 19.34, past 24
hoars. 16 of an Inch; lied Bluff 11.82. last season
9 24. p*st 24 hours .02. :~an Francisco 11.14, last
season 7 77, past 24 hours .00: Fresno 4.73, last
season 2.03, past '-'4 hours .00; ."-au Luis Obispo
9.70. last season 7.82, past 24 hours .00: J,o» An
geles 8.40. last season 2.88, past 24 hours.oo: San
Diego 6.52, last season J. 65. past 24 hours .00;
Vuma 4.62. last season .32. past 24 hours,.oo.
San J-rp.ncisco cata—Maximum temperatures 4,
minimum 44. meai 49.
j he pressare continues high over Utah, Nevada
mthera Idaho. There has been a general
fall over -he country west of the Reeky Moun.
tKins and s rjp.d fall over Washington and Van
couver. A storm of considf rat>le energy is cen
tra! to-ni<rht over Vanco iver. Rain is falling gen
eral y over th» northern half of the Pacific slope
accompanied by higu southeasterly windt
The tempera! ure has risen rapidly ov s r the
opper Mhjjoar] Valley. It lias risen slightly over
iiorthern -Nevada nnl northeastern California.
ihe following maximum wind velocities are re
ported: Tatoosh Island 36 miles per nour east,
.tort Canby 56 southeast.
Southeast, storm sijnal ii continued at Eureka
and Information signal at San Francisco to warn
northbound vessels of heavy weather off the
Oregon ana Wasnington coast.
Forecast mode at San Francisco for 30 hours
e.'idmc midnight. January JO, 1897.
Northern California— Cioudy and threatening
weather Wednesday: probable rain on the north
wesiern coast: fresh s ntheasterly wind: warmer
In the San Joaqu.n Valley.
southern California— Fair Wednesday; warmer
in nor. hern portion; li^ht \vett«rty winds
Nevada— Cloudy Weln«s ay; probably light
snows in the northern portion.
Utah— Cloudy Wednesday.
Arizona— Fair Wednesday.
San Frar cisco and vicinity— Cloudy Wednesday
and probably lignt rain; light northerly changing
to southeasterly winds. Alexander MeAd c.
Local Forecast Official.
NEW YOiiK MARKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK. N. V.. Jan. 19.-Advances In
the stock market were quite general to-day. The
reactionary tendency on yesterday due to exten
sive realizations and sales for the short account
stopped abruptly with the opening to-day. The
tendency of the London market, the reaction In
the discount or he rate of the imperial Bank of
Ot-rmany and the news from Washington that tha
Cameron resolution would be shelved ltd to spec
ulation, fore the ration of the first hour of
business sugar ran off a point on the announce
m-rt of a reduction of 1 l-16@li/8 In the price of
aitar, and th« general yielded Vi& a A in sym
pathy; but the decline was scon recovered, and
as the day wore along material advances from the
closing- figures of ye«ierda? were recorded. The
recognized bul gave their specialties effective
support and commission houses retorted numer
ous outside orders, the demand being stimu ated
by the reactions of y 2 @l per cent in the market
and ihe inability of tiie bears to shake out "long"
stock.
The continued lowering rates for money ex
eru-d an 'improvement in favor of the security
markets, Conso id.itej lias led the upward move
ment, rising .31/2 per cent to 148 on rumors ibat
effor.s making at -.1 any 10 reduce the price 01
gas from $1 i.5 to $1 per thousand will result in
the adoption of a compromise measure, bugar
winch ngured lOr neany one-fourtd of the day's
busimss moved from 118 to lrbVg 1 or. "reports
welch are not credited la usually well-informed
quarters ti:a a settlement in .be war between the
Company and the Arbuckles waj not imminent.
Manhattan and Spirits jumped about 2 points.
QnicagOUas rose IV* 10 ltii/2, the highest point
l«j along 11 oik There has been heavy buying of
tals stock for some days 0:1 the : re con that tne
bll 10 peiniit .c coimi.uent companies to con
solidaie will be passed by the Illinois Legislature
iv the O'.ar future.
bales leached only 227,173 shares, but they
were well dibir.bu.ed. speculation closed firm i.i
tone, with a smail reaction from the h ghest point.
Net changes show a.lva.,ce or y 3 @IV.. sugar
leading. ,n the special. i<:s Consolidated (jas
guinea by 3 per cent.
The buna market was firm. The transactions
aggregated' $'J,273,0u0. Consolidated Uas of
i niiMKo firsts lose iy 4 to 86: Chicago. Cincinnati
aud Illinois consolidated sevens, 114 to 131%, •
Ann Ari/or tours. iy 3 to 78: American Spirit*
sixes, 1 10 77Vi: Lou. avilie and .Nashville general
slices, Ito l.vi/ 2 ; -t. Louis and fan Francisco
seconds, class ii 11/4 to 11 514," class C 18/. to
113V4: i-iundard Koum and 'lvi-iue sixes 1 to/9
do iiiL-oiiies, 2V4 to -JB, and St. Paul and l.acna
wannadividena fives, 1 to lib.
• in Government bo. ids * 10.000 coupons of 1927
80. at 112, and $2UUO coupons at 91145/»
Grain.
Fl.OUß— Market dull and stead-/. Winter
whra . low grades, $2 £U@'J Z5; do fair to fancy,
$.1 5U@4 75: do patents, $4 95@5 15: Minnesota
dear, $3 &o@s: do straights, $4@4 45: do patents,
$4 y..j(g*j 15. low ex tub, S'l oOfei-t 35. city mills,
4" fra.; <lo patents, .>.< 2 ($5 45; 1 ye mixture, $H(8
3 70; superfine. .?j 20o;j 10; lint-. 91 HOfa.'J Bb.
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WHEELOCK & CO.,
<: Leidesdorff St., Tel. Main 1054.
623 Market St., l'alace Hotel. Tel. Main 5144.
Uptown Office— Baldwin Hotel (adjoining GnU
I'.ooru ). Tel. Main 339.
PCRDY 81 ATKINSON Managers.
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo-
utlons. Reference Ist National Hank, S. F.
CHICAGO. r«IVATK WlKii. HJSW YOBK.
southern flour dull, steady. Common to fair ex
tras. $3 30f£3 65: good to choice, »8 45@4 06. Rye
flour, quiet, steaJy at $-' 86@3 15.
COK.nMKAL— mi 1, steady. Yellow. $1 90@2.
RYE— Firm.' Western, 42®44c at track.
BA RLE Dull. deeding, $8 c. 1. f. New Yors.
WHEAT-Spot market dull, easier, with op
tions closing steady. -.No. 2 red, f. 0.0., 77c; un
graded red. 77(5>97c.
options were moderately active and weak at Vi
@%c dec:ine on easier cables, weaker Western,
free local liquidation. ay ana July most active.
May.b6c: July, 82%.
COB.— spot dull, slower, closing firm. So. 2,
iß%'S>2fc%j e.evator; 'J»Vs(a>29%c afloat.
options were less active and wea«;at a decline on
pood weather reports, easier cables »nd weaker
west. May and July most active January. -'81/20;
Slav, 31 %c; July, 31c; September. 32 y 2 c.
—^pot dull, stedy.
Options dull, easier. February, 2^V*c; May,
2-J..,-.
spot prices: > No. 2. 22 Vic: No. 2 white,
24 Vic: No. 2 Chicago. 23JAc; No. 3. 20% c: .No.
3 wnite, 22c; mixed Westeru, i2a24c; wuite do,
•-3@25c.
Provisions.
h* HD-Qniet: easier. Western steam closed at
$4 25; city. ?i 80: January, ft 20: n-nned,
quiet: Vontinent, »4 5«; S. A., $1 80, compound,
4i / 4@4y 2 c
tuHK- Quiet, steady. New mess, *8 60@9.
r i 1 Ki.— Moderately active; fancy, linn.
Western creamery. 13@"0c: do factory, 74614 c:
IClglns, i'Oc; Imitation creamery. 11@1C.\
IHJ .K.->Ji— Fairly active, linn. Part skims, 4@
B Vise; full skims. 2%@3c.
*.GG» — Steady, j.fhouso, 12@13c: Western
fresh. )sc: do case, $1 75@3: limed, 13c.
I- ALLOW -Firm. City, 3y c: country, S%@
'■'Ac
tUCE—Firm. Domestic, 3%®6c; Japan, 4V4@
4%c.
iuOLASSES— Easy. New Orleans, new, 22®
32c.
COFFEE— Steady; unchanged to 5 points down.
March. $9 45@9 50: May, 59 ! @9 55: July,
49 60; Sepiemoer, $9 65: December, |9 65@9 70.
Spot Rio dull, nominal; No. 7, )oc.
SUOAR-Quiet. All haids i/ c lower; Ncs. 1 |
and 2, 1 l-16c lower. Off a, 3%484 1-16 c;
mold a. 46/ 8 c: standard A, 4S/ a c; confectioners'
A. 4 c; cut loaf, sc; crushed. sc; powdered,
4- r : 8 c; granulated, 43/ 8 c; cubes, 4£/ B e.
Fruit and Produce.
/PBICOTS—BOES. »@llr.
I tACHtK-Unpeeled, bags, 7@93: peeled, 12y,
@15c.
i'RUNES— Four iizes, nominal, sygC
RAISINS— Two-crown, loose ma catel. 4Vjr v*
fti; S-crown, 6V->c: 4-crown. 6i/>c: London layers,
$1 4Ordol £0: clusters, nominal, $1 6&@2.
A MONDS— Hard shell, ll@15c; do paper shell,
ll@l2c.
WALNUTS— Standard. 10c.
HOPS— Firm. Pacific Coast, 2 @l3c.
WOOL— Quiet. Domestic fleece, lb'<(23c; pulled, I
18@31c; Texas, 7@l2c.
Slercharjdlse.
COPPER-Stronß. Lake. $11 85@12.
RON— Quiet. American, Slliai6
LEAD-Steady. Domestic *8 05@S O7i / 3
11>— Strong. Straits, Sl3 40(3(13 50: plates,
quiet.
SPELTER— Domestic, ?3 93@-l 05.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, liXm Jan. 19.— Wheat prices moved
scarcely any at all during the first hour of to-day's
session, the pit being apparently bars of both buy-
Ing and selling orders, scalpers found poor pick
ing during the period mentioned, the fluctuations
bein; within a range of i i4 (Slc. The tone lacked
firmness. Liverpool had retired l id. wnlcb was the
sicn of approbation and encountered further weak
ness here. It is cxi» cted the liovernnvnt report
will he Issued to-mnrroiv. That imd the Br«d
street'a repori on 'h? world's s:ock due at noon
10-day tended to direct tn>diu<» early. Receipts
here were 52 cirs and 144,360 bushels were taten
from store.
The Northwest had 2 8 cars against 330 last
Tuesday and 312 a year «go. Expert clearance)
[ were lietit at . t4.8-9 bush- Is. Bra.ls re.-is re
ported a decrease in the world's stock of 4,069 000
bushels. Closing Paris cables were higher for
wtieat and unchanged for flour. Antwerp *nd
Benin were unchaug. d. The lowest figures of the
day were established near the close, the failure or
} ritd*t reel's report to boom the market di'conr
asing early buyers. Mai- opened from 79% cto
7934 c, sold >>■ tween 78 3 /4 c and 79 X /<|C, doling 1s c
under yesterday. Esilm* ed receipts for to-mor
row 17 inn No. '£ Rtd, spot, ranged between
86i.4c@_88i/BC.
CORN— i e feeling in corn wasalfttle be ter
than 3 euterday's weakness l"d the crowd to ex
pect; possibly the ailvan.ee was less than di-tcretion
should suggest. Operators were ior~ed to accord
support to prices. At any rate -shortj" covered
quite a little corn this, morning, and as offerln2s
wer<»;i;h!, th» market derived benefit from the
buying. Receipts were 285 cars. There were no
withdrawals from store Liverpool cables were
i/id lower. Export clearances were heavy at
6i)7,01i ousheu. Braditreet reported an increase
in stocks of 1.334.000 bushels. May corn opened
at -/414c sold bfiween s /s~ and 24^0. closinz
at 2-JVB@ VJI * v 4 c . i/8 c unler yesterday, estimated
recelp.> lor to-munow 220 cars.
OAis- Only a quiet trade whs noted in the oats
market with price* Bym'>athizinK with those o
wtieat. Receipts weie »71 cars, and 71.910 bush"
I els were taken from store. Exports were 59,79.}'
I bushels. Brailslreuts gave an increase in stocks
j of 448.000 busbeU. May oats clo^e 1 i/4c lower.
Estimated receipts for to-morrow 153 cars.
FLAX- Was easy. Cash. No. 1, 78c; Northwest
ern, 77.-. Rece pts were 37 cars.
PROVISIONS— The receipts of hogs this morn
ing was auove the estimate, prices mi theyarls
and in the proiuct market declining in conse
quence. Several commission houses were free
sellers. May pork closed 15@17V20 lower, May
lard 7%c 'Owi r. and May ribs 10c lower.
BU'ITER— Was firm to-day. OrJers were mod
erate iTlcei w-re firm »nd unchanged.
Creameries— Extras. 19V2C asked: flrsrv 17@18c;
spconds,l46sloc: Imitations, fancy. l;-!@14c. Dairies
—Extras. 17c askel: firsts. 14(iil5c: seconds. !>:gi
luc. Ladles— Extras, 10®llc; nrsts, »i/ 2 a i JVac;
packing dock. be; grease, v\-2<&'Sc; roil buuer. 10c.
E«->G-*— Hoi era off -red fi'ecly. Demand good.
Fresh stock, 13c %< uozen.
MONK V— Was quoted at 5fn,6% on call and time
loans. New Xoftc exchange was sola at 40c
discount.
< losing Prices.
WHEAT— January, 77y 8 c : May. 79 l /ac; July,
755 /8 ( 4 c.
ColtN— January, 2ii/fcc: May, 2*Vs'* 2 *V4c: July
26V*@^* 13 /8e-
OAl> — January. 15y c: May, 18@18V 8 c;
July. 185/s .
PORh— January, $7 70: May. $7 92y<>.
LAUD— January. *3 90: May, 84 05. "
January, $4 OJi/2: . May, «4 07Vi
Livestock.
UNION STOCKY A 111. Jan. 19.-The
run of cattle to-day was lieht. The demand was
reslrlctel ana the feeling steady. Choice s >rt<s
were a little firmer than others. Offerings of
hogs were heavy. The demand was rather slow
and the reeling barely s'.eady. Sheep and lambs
were firmer.
CATiLE— Receipts 3500. iancy beeves, $5 25 •
@5 60: choice to prime steers, $4 7.'.@3 16; good to
choice steers. $4 15'<J4 70; com mon steers, $4 00@ '
4 30; fair beef steers. S3MJ@3 93: good to prime i
stockers ana feeders, 43 75<0&4 IS: fair to good j
stocked and feeders. $:; lugS 70: bulls, choice w> 1
extra, $3 7U@:-i 76: do. poor to choice. $2 16@3 -.0: j
cows and heifers, choice to prime, $3 60<$4 10;
cows, fair to choice, $2 50(43 50: cows, common
to fair cann>rs. $1 75@2 45: calves, good to fancy.
$6 f/o®6 oO; t'alves, common to good. S3 So@s 45; \
Texas ted steer*. if 3 6uffl4 50: milkers and spring
era, * ad, $25040.
HOGS-Receip.s, .-6,000. Heavy packing and '
shipping lots, .'3 25<$:-f 73; common to choice !
mixed, $3 : .oto3 50; ctioice as-sorted, $» 40®
3 SU; light, $3 30@3 50: pigs, $3 15@3 60.
shk.kP— Receipts. 15,000. Inferior to choice
$2 5C©4; cho lambs, 83 50@5 26.
Receipts at Omaha. .
FODTIt OMAHA. Xkbr.. Jan. I».— HOG!*—Re
ceipts, 4600. Market strong to 5c higher.
Light and mixed, $3 25@0 40: heavy, S3 1503 30.
CATTLK — Receipts. 35,0.). Market, weak for
beeves: firm for others. Steer«. $3 40(44 25;
cows, »1 50@3 50: feeders, $£@i 10.
MUSE!"— Kecelpti. 2500. iuarket active, firm,
Red Westerns. $3 75
Receipts at Kansas City. -
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. Jan. 19 UOOS— Re
ceipt*. 16.000. 1-ltrht. $3 35@3 3"V»: mixed,
$3 25ca13 35; pig*, S3@3 15; lie.ivy. $j'j(j(g;3 35.
CATTLE— Receipts. 1..000. Slow. Native j
stews best, $4 iU(rx& (0: fair to good, $3 26@ .
4 10; cows »m heifers b?su 90(cl s 1;.; fair
10 sood. SI B'JW-' 90; bulls. $2 2S(g»3 15; stocker*
and feeders. $.<2s(<t3 9'; lexai anil Western
*2 l>o@3 B'J; calves. $ i@lo.
I *tii:k.v— KeceiMs. ituO.i. Steady. LamDs, S3 60
©4 90: mutton}, $2(a,3 ( 0
NJSW YORK STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
' * Shares.
Money on call easy at I@2V»%: last loan at 1%%
and closed at 1%?. l'rlme mercantile paper.
3@3yaV. sterling exchanKe dull, with actual busi- !
ness in banners' bills us *4 84%@4 »5 for (JO
days and J4 87V4(g»4 87 Vis foraomand. Posted
rates. ? 4 8&V 2 b»y 3 . Commercial bills, $4 83 14
(g,i 841/4- Bar silver, b4»/*c. Mexican dollars
60Si'a.5iy 3 c. tiovernment bonds higher: mate
bonds dull; railroad bonds dim. Silver steady.
CI.OBIKO STOCKS.
Am Tel & Cable... 88 North American. 4%
Atchlson 14% Northern Pacific. '. 13»4
Preferred 24^ • I'r-ferre I 34'
Adams Express.. .160 Northwestern 104%
Alton, Terre Haute 64 Preferred. 16.:
American Expression N V Central. • ' 94%
American lobacco 76»/ 4 N V, Cnlcago<fcsi'i ll°,l
Preferred .'.104 Ist preferred 72'
Bay Stale Uas l*y 8 2d preferred. 26
Baltimore A Ohio.. 16 NY&.NH. 176
Brunswick Lands. % N V & New Ene... 45
Buffalo, Roch <fc P. 18 NY Susq & wf... 91*,
Canada Pacific 86- Preferred:.;.:.... 25« A
Canada Southern.. 4tji/, Ontario ..'..„'. loii
Canton Land BOy 8 Ontario & Western 151/g
Central Pacific l^Vi Oregon lmprovmnt—
ches & 0hi0.:..... 18 I Preie-red. ..
Chicago Alton 166 Oregon Kavl(atlon 14
Preferred 174 Oregon Line. 15
Chicago, B &Q.... 76% Pacific Ma 11.... 26V4
Cbicaeo 111 40 jl'eoria..D & Evan* 2
Preferred 90 l'lltsburi( <t W Dfd. .16
Chicago Gas.. 78S/;!Puilman Palace.... 168%
Clevi-& Plttsourg.l66 .Quicksilver. 2-.
Consolidation Coal. 37 ; Preferred .V. 11 14
Consolidated 0aa..147^4 Readme. 27<V«
CCC ASt Louis... 29 RloGrande&Wes'tn 12
Preferred......... 7»y 2 ; I referred 40
Colo Fuel & Irca.. 36V2l Hock Island.. . 69*/.
Pref erred... ...... 70 |RomeWat&Oeden.ll7V2
Cotton U:I Cert.... 14V4|»t JL.& « W.. .....;. - 4%
Commercial Cable. 160 Preferred US/,
Del Hud50n... .....1J2. st Pau1.... .:....... 771/1
OH Lack<tWestrn.l6»s I Preferred 131
Denver HO 12 St Paul it Duluth.. 25
Preferred 43% Preierred. ........ 82
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 20, 1897.
Distillers...... . St Paul <fc Omahs.. 61%
General Electric... 34% Preferred... 185
trie 15y 8 St P to .ft to 112
Preferred 35 Sliver Certificates. 641/8
Fort Wayne 166 Southern Pacific... 15
Great Northern Dfdllß Southern X H »%
I'iwn 8ay....'.:..;. j Preferred......... 294*
Harlem ; 292 Sugar Hennery IJ7V2
Hocklac Coal_ . H^| Preferred. 103yx
Hockinic Valley... 16V^Tenn Coal & Iron.. 30s
Homcstake.. 35 : Preferred WO
H & Texas Central Texas Pacific 10
Illinois Central 94 Tol A A <& N Mich.
lowa Central. 7% Tol Ohio & Central 20
Preferred 27 Vi Preferred 60
Kansas & Texas... 14%jT01 si Louis &X 0 5y 3
Preferred 4IJ, 3 ! Preferred J6
Kingston <fe Perm.. . 3 : t'nion Pacific 7
Lake Erie <£ Westn IK : UPDtn&Gulf 2^4
Preferred ...70 Cordage. —
Lake snore 154U Preferred
National Lead 26 Guaranteed
Preferred " t,9*/2 I' S Express 37
Longlslan.l 46 jUSLeather. 93/ 8
Louisville Nash. 62V4 Preferred 65%
Loulsville.N Aiony V* L' S Rubber 24& a
Preferred ]V 4 Preferred 76
Manhattan C0n.... 91% Utlca <t B River.. .l6o
Memphis Charts 16 Wav HI, <fe Paclfla 7
Mexican Centra... 8 Preferred 17
Michigan Central.. 90 Wells-Fareo 99
Mlnn&SL I Western Union.... fcss/ 8
I'refeirt-d Wisconsin Central. 2
Minn &St L com.. 18 Wheeling <fe L E... 2Vi
Ist prelsrred 78 Preferred 11
preferred 47 Am Cotton Oil pfd. 6«y a
Missouri Pacific... 2 3 1/2] W U Beef 7
Mob.le&uhio 21Vg Ann Arbor 1»
Nashville & chatt. 87y 2 i Preferred... „....■ 27
National Linseed.. 15 I Brooklyn Traction. 19
NJ Central 102% Erie 2d pfd. *0
Norfolk ik Westrn. 11% American Spirits.. 34V4
Preferred I 7y 4 Preferred 31
d.osi*e bonds.
Ala Class A 4«. 1041*, Northern Pae Ist*.] 14%
Do Class B 4, 6s. 103 Do 2d«
Alabama, class C. 96 Do 3ds. 79%
Atchison 4s 8 Vi Doconsolßs otiV*
Do2dsA 46 Or lmprovnint Ist. 83
Canada South 2c15.106V3 Do 6s. 18
Cen Racists of ' 95. OBAHlui,,., ..11l
Cherokee 4s, 1896.1031/3 Do consol 5s .. — "
Do 1897 lOlVj Or Short Line 65.. .113%
DoIB9S 103 i/ 3 Doconsol ... 67
Do 1899 ..1031/a Pacific 6so< '97. .—
Ches <fc Ohio 6s 110 Phlla<fc Heading 4s 81%
Ch&NPTr Rets 461/ i Do Ist pfd Incom. 48
DC 3-655. lUbi/4 l: Grande West lsla 74
Den &Ji G Ist 11l .St L«tlronMtUeu6a 76%
Do 4s BeV St L«fc s F Gen 65..11u
Erie 2ds.: 64-% St Paul Consols.... 30
FtW&DenClty lsts 64i/ j^t P C «fc Pa ..115Mi
UH&s A6s 104 80 Carolina 41/ ii... 102Vb
Do2d7s. 96 Southern X R 05... 90
Gen Elec DebSs... 93 I Do Pac Cat 15t5.,107
H & Tex Cent6s...loey 9 Ten 11 new 3s tt>Vt
Do con 6s. lviy 2 Texas Pac lsts »8V 2
lowa Central lsts.. H7y 4| • exas Pac 2d<i . 22V3
Kansas Pa Consols 71^ Union Pac lsts 98.1033/s
Ks Pa lets Den Dlvli 2 UK 4s reg of 1025.1 Vi
La Cousol 4s. 95 Do 4s, coupon 121*4
Missouri funding... V S 4s reg of 1907.1111/4
MKTMs- 62% Do-fs. coupon. 111%
Do4s 84 Do 2s 933,1
Mobile & Ohio 45.. 67% Do 6g. Reg li'J'a
Mutual Union 65. .110 Do As. coupon 114Va
N J Cent Gen 55...11<jy 8 V'a funding dent. . . «2'
N V C&St Louis 45105 Do registered
Nor& West lien Sails i Do deferred 65... 6
X Carolina con 45. 100 | Do trust rcptstpj 6
Do 6s 721,4' Wabash Ist 6a 1071/8
Korthwes:Consols. 141 ">* West tiuoro 4.3 lU6Vs
AJoUeo Ss 109 * i
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHKAT IN LIVERPOOL.
LIVERPOOL, Kxg., Jan. 19.— The spot market
is steady at 7s l^fcd. Cargoes are dull at 365, sellers,
proniDt shipment.
rurußxs.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool qnoialions lor No. 2 lted Winter: Jan
uary, Us KV3II: February, tis 9d; March, 6s 9 1 / a d:
ilay, tJfi93ia; June, Us &V±d.
Mi IKITIKS.
LONDON, Knq., Jan. 19— Consols, 112 11-16;
silver, 29 11-16 d; French Rentes, 102f 50c.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 8514
Sterling Exchange, slgut — 4 88V4
Sterling Cables — 4 883/ 4
New York Kxchauge, sight. — 16
New York F.xchanse, telegraphic. — 17%
Fine silver, per ounce — t>4^4
Mexican Dollars 52 &2yS
PRODUCE MAfiKET.
WHEAT AND OThKU GRAINS.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— The last reported char
ter Is at 16s 3d, which Is the ruling rale at present.
The chartered wheel fleet In port lias a registered
tonnage of 27,600 against 62,200 tons on the same
| date last year: disengaged, 05. 150 tons against
46,350; on tne way to this port, 187,800 loos
i against 221,000.
WHEAT— Official statistics show that South
Australia has In the present crop enough Wheat
1 for home use Including seeding. Victoria Is simi
larly situated, and New south ales lacks on
■ 1,250,000 bushels, while .New Zealand has 2,000.
--| OUO bushels and over to spare. Thli condensation
lat Government .reports, backed by private ad-
I vices of the same tenor, Indicates the demand for
California Wheat in Australia has definitely
j ceasea
The market is dull and quotations are somewhat
weaker, Quoted at $1 ;I5<&1 00 for common grades,
51 B2Vj@l 65 li* ctJ for average No. 1, $1 67y 2 'or
choice and $1 tiO&l ti2Vg %* ctl lor extra choice
milling.
(.All. BOARD SAI.KS.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May— 2ooo
: Ctls, $1 53%: 10,000, $1 63%.
hicn.M) session— May— bOOO ctls, $1 53%:
i 20,'J00. $15?%.
l:i i.i ! ah Morning Session"— May— l6. ooo oils.
I $1 53Vi; 18,000, $1 5:11,-8: -000, $1 53: 4000.
Isl b-^/t,: 14,000, *1 sii;«: 2000, «1 f>23/ 8 ; «000,
'$1 62V 2 . December — 20UO, *1 28s/»; 12.0U0,
! $1 2«: 4000. $1 2714.
Aktkrnoon session* — December— ctls,
!$1 27%: 2000, $1 -7i/s: 4000, $1 .'7; 2000,
i «1 2aS /8 . May— lo,ooo, $1 6114; 2000, $1 51%;
i 4000, »J 52; 12.000, $1 &21/4: I'.'.uuO, $1 52 Ye:
I 30,000, $1 .V-Vb: 18.000, *1 523/ 8 .
BAKI.KY- 'nit market Is sutglsh and prices do
not fluctuate much. We quote Feed, **o@b2y a c;
choice oright, !ja 3 /i@Bsc: Brewing, K<J(c&97W ;
No. 1 Chevalier. $1 10@l 20 "ft ctl.
CAM. IMAHH BALES.
Informal Skshiox— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second session— Nosa.es.
hKGULAB MOBNINO SESSION— May— 2OOO CtlSi
j b4c; «000, 8884 c.
Afternoon Session— May— 2ooo ctls, 8814 c;
4000, 83S/ R e; 10UO, 8:(V c- 2000, 835/ B e.
OATS— lnac. lye and unchanged, i-ancy Feed,
I $). 45. Common 10 kocki White range $1 10®l 35.
according to quality. i:.'uck.t«ir feed, 95c(i$$l 10;
for seed, $1 2ti@l 30; Gray, romina : lied, *1 07 Va
I (8.1 12y 2 : *uri rise. $1 5' @1 60 *»- ctl.
i COlt -\ —Is still weak and 'lull under heavy offer
! ings- Large Yeliow. 7 .'.■«!. 7 7 small Round do,
i 90<&95c; White, 7r>@Boe f ell.
; liVE— Continues Dai and neglected at 90 (a 95c "H
ctl.
BUCKWIIEAT-Quoted at $1 15@1 25 $ ciL.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are as follows: Family
[ extras. B&@s 10: Bakers' extras, $4 90@6; Super
fine, $1 1604 50 $» obi.
I CORNMEAL, ETC.- Feed Corn, $17 60(S18;
Cracked Corn. $18 50319 3 ton.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sucks are as follows,
usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour, $2 85
9 10d lbs: Kye Flour, $2 75 fi 100 lbs: Rice Flour,
&5 75: ( ornmeal. $2 35: extra cream do, $3:
<- at meal, $3 50; Oat Groats. $4: Hominy, $3 10
@3 30: Buckwheat Flour, $3 20@3 50: Cracked
I Wheat. $3 50; Farina, $4; Whole Wheat Flour.
98: Roiled Outs (bbl>), *& &o@s 90; Pearl Barley,
i $3 75@4; Split Peas, $i 50; oreeu do, *4 25 «
1 HO lbs.
HAY AND FKKDSTUFFS.
Bran Is lower. Hay is weak and unchanged.
Rolled Barley is lower.
BRAN— 812 r.Orn.iX for the best and $12 $ ton
J for outside brands.
I MIDDLINGS— *18@19 for lower grades and
I ?20@20 50 * ton for the best.
FEEDMTUFFS— Kojted Barley, $18 bO@l9;
I Oilcake Meal at the mill, $26 50 in ton; jobbing
$27 50: clipped tats, $1 4J(f1.l 50 ~f> < tl.
HA V — Wheat, $!-@U; Wheat and Oat, $7®
10: Oat. $6@9; Bariry, $7@B 60; River Bar.eyT
$s(gi6 50: Alfalfa, $6@7 su; compressed, $6C<S
i 9 &0; stock, *5@6: U' ver, $6@B ft ton.
1 sTi'.AW— SU&faOc V bale.
BKANS AND M I.DS.
Mustards are neglected and Yellow Is still lower.
Beans continue flat and dull.
BEANS— Bayoa, $1 40@l 05 •$ ctl; Small
Whites, $1 16«al 30 $ ctl: Large Whites, $I@l 15 #
Pinks, *1 05@l 20: Heds. Cl 10@l 20: Black
eye, $1 10@l 20: Re.l Kidney, $2 50: Limns, $1 00
@1 80: Butters, $1 25@1 50; Pea, * i 1 s@l 3...
bKEDss— Brown Mustard; $2 75(g3: Yellow Mus
tard,'Cl 85u»2 ctl: Flax, $1 :-(s@l 40- (.'..nary
Be-d, 134f<s_i/ 4 c V Ib: Alfßlta, 6V4c; Rape. 2i/,a
28^0; Hemp, Timothy, 4V a c.
uliiiMi PKAS— Niles, »lftil 15 It ctl; Green
$1 40@l 60$ ctl.
POTATOtS, ONION >, VEGETABLES.
Potatoes and Onions continue very firm. Vege- '
tables are quiet.
POTATOES— New Potatoes, 3@4c ft lb; Sweet
Potatoes, SI 2564175: Early Rose. 70@175c; River
Reds. sU@6oc; iiurlmnk i-tedllnes. 70@75c "$ ctl
for Rivers and 65c@Sl 06 iorballnas; Oregon Bur
banks. — . ■ -
ONIONB-75c@$l* ctl.
VEOITABLE.->-]iotbouse Cucumbers. 60c@$l
"& dozen; Hothouse Asparagus, B@l7V«|CiHb; Ithu
barb,, box; Los Angeles bummer Squash,
75c@$l f. box; Los Angeles Green Peppers. .-5@
60c %( box: ->. ushrooms. b@lsc T/i lb, lat er flu
ure'lor button*; Marrowfat j-quash. $5 It ton
Los Angeles Tomatoes, 60c@Sl 26 ft box: Dried
Peppers, 7@Sc %* lb: Green Peas. S&6C %» Ib: Los
Augeli 8 String Leans, 6(^.10c; Dried Okm,M(&9c %<
Ib: Cabbage, 40@50c ?» ctl; Carrots, '2b(g>'M)c V,
sack; Garlic, lV«!@2o %i lb.
BI'TTEB, CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— Weak, but no lower. '
Creamery— Fancy near-by ' Creameries, 20@
21c; some sprcUls bring more; seconds. 18@19c
fancy Humboldt, 23@24c f> lb. - - .
Dairy— Fancy, 15@17c: good to Choice, 13®
14c: lower grades, 10(gtl2c 9 tt>.
Pickled— 13@14c V lb. .
Firkin— li>@ 1 4c $* lb.
Crkambry Tub— l6<a)lßc a.
Ciu-.EsK— Prices are unchanged. Choice mild
new, ll£iiii/ a c 9 Ib; common to good old, Bail)c
V tt>; Cream 1 heddar, ll@12c; Young America,
11@12<-; Western, ; (aI2VxC: - Kastern, 13®
14 Vic* lb. .-,;■- v. ■ v «.-••■:.• • ■ • •.■ -■
EUUS— The market continues to break and
buyers hold off. Hanch Ecus, 22@24c: store Eggs,
18@20C; Eastern. l^@'JOc i> doz.
POUtTKY AND GAME.
POULTRY-A car of Eastern sold at »5 25®
5 50 for Hens and young Roosters and $4 25@
4 50 for old Roosters.
California Poultry is in good supply and dull.
Live Turkeys, 12@13c ii Ib for Gobblers. 12U.®
13c SI Ib for Hens: Dressed Turkeys, 14@>16c i» Ib:
Geese.. 1) pair, $1 BU@; 75: Ducks, $6(a6 6) f. doz;
Hens, ?4@5 %* doz; Roosters, younu. S4 50.'a5: '10,
old, J4@4 25: Fryer», $4(3>4 50; Broilers, $3 50
($4 for large and $2 oO@3for small: Pigeons, $1 25
@1 60 «* doz for young and 91 tor old.
UAMK — English -nlpe are quotable at *'_' 50
@3 i* dozen: Jack Snipe, $1 J>o^ dozen: Hare, 750
@$1. Rabbits, $1 50 for Cottontails ands](a>l2s
lor small: Gray Geese, $-'@2 SO; White Geese, $1 ;
Brant, $1 25<n;L 50; Honkers.' $4.
DECIDUOUS A~SU CITKUS FKUIT3.
DECIDUOUS* FRUITS—
Apples, Pears and Persimmons are all abundant
and dull.
Apples, 75c@$l i|* box for choice, $1 10@l 25 tor
fancy Red, 3t;@6sc for common; Eastern, $I@3
'f bbl.
Pears, 26@30c box.
Persl a awns. 3%@65c 1% box,
BERRIiC^—
Eastern Cranberries. Iti@B V> bbl.
CITRUS FRUITS— Limes are firm. Lemons and
Oranges are dull. Orap? Fruit, $2 50@3 50 •?» box:
Mandarin Oranges. 60®85c: .Navel "ranges. »1 50
@'J 6<) x- box; seedlings, 75c@*l lil>ox: Lemons.
76e@$i 50 for common and *'J@ - ,*>o tor good to
choice; Mexican Limes. $7 %» box; California
Limes, $1 -*s@l 50; Bananas, $l@'i i>> bunch; Pine
apples, $2@l "0 doz.
OBIEU FKUITS, KAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
Peaches are In rather better demand. Otherwise
the market Is dull.
DRIED FUCIT3—
Quotations on the Fruit Exchange are nominally
as follows:
1 au load Lots— Apricots are quotable at B®9c
for lidyals and lltt^lSc for choice to fancy
Moorp.irks: Prunes, 3^c for the 4 sizes Peaches,
4@s^c for prime to choice, liy a ;<S7c fir fancy and
9(g>:ou lor peeled in boxes; Apples. 5343 %) lb f ir
evaporated and i'gl'Ji.ic for sun-dried; Pears, 2 Va
©5c for prime to choice, 4@sV&c for quarters ana
6@6V2C for halves; Plums, 4c for pitied ana 11/2 C
for uupitted; .Nectarines. 3i/2@4VaC for choice and
6y 2 c for fancy; Wnite Figs, 3c; Black Figs, 2y 4
<£2y 3 e.
Jobbing Pricks— Peaches, 4i/2@syic %* Ib:
fancy, ay2@7y2C Ib; peeled. l' 2y 2 c f( Ib. Apri
cctn, 6ya(S>9c Ib: laiicy, 10c; Moorpaiks. \'i@
13c; evaporated Apples, 5 3 / i.C; sun-dried, 2%@3c;
Prunes. 3%@4c for the 4 sizes: Figs, black, ;-tc for
unpressed an.i H@:ii/ 2 c for pressed: white Figs, 4c;
Plums, 4y-!(ig!sc tor pitted and iy»c for unfitted:
Nec.arines, 4&6 c p Ib for prime to fancy; Pears,
2y 2 ®sc for whole. 4y a @sy 2 c lor quarters and
4i.' 2 (dUi4,c for halves.
RAISINS—
Carload Prices — FcTir - crown, loose, 5S/ 8 c;
tnree-crown, 4»/ 8 c "$ Ib; two-crown, 33/ 8 c V U>;
seedless bull anas, &^c; seedless Muscatels. 48/ 8 c; ]
three-crown London layers, $1 15: clusters, $1 bO;
Dehesa clusters, $2 60; lmptrlal clusters, $3; ;
dried rapes. 3c a Ib. .
Jobbing Prices— sax Fbanctsco— Four-crown,
loose. 5%c; 3-crown, 4 :f /4 c : 2-crown, 3 a /ic: seed
less Suliauas, 6%c: siertless Muscatel's, 4' c;
3-crown London layers, $1 25; clusters, $1 6i>: I
Deht-sa clusters, $2 75: imperial clusters, *3 26. j
N U'l B— Chestnuts quotable at 8®10c; Walnuts,
6ys(g*7c iji Ib f, r staudard and 9(g,9i/20 * Ib for
sortshell; Almocds, C©uy»c for Lauijueduc, 3@
3y c for hardshell and B'>i9o ft Ib for paper shell;
Peanuts, 4@6c i* Ib lor »■ astern ana 4c for Cali
fornia: Hickory Nuts, s@;jc 'p. Ib; Pecans, 7y0(3
tic tt>; i-llbcrts, 7y 2 @Bc; Brazil Nuts, 7y2@Sc;
Co«oaiiuts, $4@5 ?! 100.
HONKY— Comb. 10@12y c for bright and s@9c
for lower grades: water- white extracted, 6S>5y 2 c:
light amber extracted 4yo@4%c; Qurk amber,
4@4y 2 c: dark, 2te3c >* lb.
8.-.tSWAX- ".'^©26o 1* tt>.
PKOVISIONS.
Hams are a shade lower and weak. No other
chanices. easiness i< dull.
« RED 11 ATS— Bacon, 6c "r 1 Ib for heavy, 7c
t* Ib for light medium, 9y 2 c lor ll?tit, 10c %*• tt> for
extra light and liy 2 c%* Ib for sugar-cured. East
ern sugar-cured Hams, 12@12JMtC; California
Hams, 10fal0y,c: Mess Ktci, $7@7 60: extra
mess do. SB(a.B bO: family do, *9 oO©10; extra !
prime Pork. *7 60 @ 8: extra c.ear. *lti ft obi; i
11. ess. .sl4 fs bbl: smoked Beef. 10c %) Ib.
LARD— Eastern, tierces. Is quoted at &y 2 c for
compound and 6®6V2C for pine: palls. 7c: Onlll
forniit tierces, 5@5y 2 c i* Hi for compound and ti'.io
for pure: half-bols, 5%c; 10-lb tl.is, 7J,ic; do, 5-lb,
7 Vie •$ Vb.
CUT roLENE— 6@Cy 4 c In tierces and 7^ /I ©B l ac
In 10- Ib tins.
HIDKS, TALLOW, WOOL, AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— The circular of \V. B. j
•Sumner 4 Co says: '-Hides and Leather show a I
slight downward tendency and prices are shaded |
to effect sales. This Is caused by a quiet Leather I
trade and an accumula.loo of salted Hides. Wet
salted lildes are quiet and tanners are buying a
trifle smaller quantities than heretofore. 'c fry
Hides remnin aoout the same, but ury Kips are >
very null. Wool ami sheep a«lns are qnlet unless I
offered nt low prices. Tallow -remains about '
the same." < tills and brands sell 'lo ? Ib
under sound stock. Heavy salted steers. 7ys}(g}Bc:
medium. 6Vi(S>7c: ll^ht, syjj@6c: Cowhides, 6y s @
c: salted Kip. 4yj,@6Jc: sailed Calf, 7<SM-c: sailed
Veal, 6@7c: dry tilde*. 12@13c. V tt> : culls and
brands, 9@loc: dr.- Alpand Veal,9®ioc: dry Calf,
l&c: culls. 10c; Goatskins, 2L'@3sc each: Kids,
6c; De-rskins, Rood summer, 2O«S*sc f, Ib: me
dium, 15@-'oc; winter, 7@9c; hheensklns, shear- |
lings, ID® 15c each; short, wool. 25($35ceach; me- j
dium, 30(#;5c each; ions wools. 4U@6oc each.
1 'ALLOW— Quotntioai have not changed (or
some time. No. 1, rendered, 3@3V^c; .No. 2,
it Vie; reiiued, sc: Grease, 2c j* tti.
WOOL — Dealers report a better inquiry during |
the past two or three days, but not sulMclent to ad- j
vance prices, though the leeling is steadier.
We quote Fall Wool as fol ows: Humboldt and
Mendocino, h(i>9c; free northern, 7@B%c: raid- i
die counties, Iree, 5y 2 @7c: do. defective, 4V2@iic:
Kan Joaquui. Sfroe; <to. foothill, 6@7c: Eastern
Oregon .-i»ring, 7V2@9c: Valley Oregon, IUV29
ISc; do, fall and lambs', lOCc&llc
HOPa— 6@Bc for lair to choica and 9@loc » Ib
1 for fancy. Dullness still characterizes the market.
GKSEKAL MKKCHANDI.SK
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, spot, 48,4 c: June-
July delivery, 8 c: WoolBa;s, 24yi@2tty%"-
COAL- Wellington, $< ton; New Wellington,
$8 9 ton: Southfleld Wellington, $7 50 V ton:
Seattle, $5 60: Bryant, *5 60: Coos Bay, 94 75;
Wallsend,s6 60; scotch. : Brymbo, '• ; Cum
berland. $13 60 In bulk and $15 In sacks: Penn
sylvania, Anthracite E«g, »ll(u.lJ V- ton: Welsh
I anthracite. $8@10; Cannel, $8 V ton; Rock
Springs. Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley, $7 OH;
Coke, $ni*l_ In bulk and $13 >. ton In sks.
CA.\'NEi> FRUlTF— Cherries, black or red,
2y 2 -tt>, ex ra. «2 doz; White Cherries 2y -lb
eiir«,s- 50: 2V2-lb standards, $2 10: Peaches-
Yellow, free, 51 10@l 50: Apricots— 9;<c@sl 05:
Haspberr:es,'*l 75; strawberries, $1 75.
CANNED VEOJSTABLK: — Tomutoes. 70c $1
dozen, 2y -lb tins. Peas— sl@l 25 $ dozen.
Ci)l-'K..j-.— We quote:
i OBTA Hi<-a— l9Vi®2oVijC num. for good to
prime; 17y @19c noui. for good mixed witn black
beans: 16<gfwc nora. tor lair; 12@15y 2 o nom. for
common to ordinary, j
Salvador — 18@19c for good to prime washed:
17 1 /4 ( a>l" ; s4C for lair washed; 19@2Uc lor good to
prime washed peaberry: 17ya(51734c for superior
unwashed; 17c for go d unwuaiied; lbVa@l9c tor
good 10 prime unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala AND MEXICAN -21@21^c $ Ib for
prime 10 siric.ly prime wa hed uew crop; -.OV*
(Sj2o»4c for goi d to s.ricily good washed new crop;
19V"@ 0c ft Ib for fair washoJ new crop:
18V2(a>19c for good washed old crop: 16@18y*c
lor fair washed old crop: 13@15c for medium
old crop: ll@l3o fH to lor ordinary old crop: 8$
10»4c lor inieiior to common old croD: 19V'2@20y<jC
for good to prime washeil pi»aberry o.d crop;
18Va@19c for good to prime unwashed peaberry
old crop.
FISH — Pacific Cod. catch of 1896, 100-lb cases.
4i,ic i 3 Ib: 60-lb bundles, 3%c; Bonele<s, 51/4 C:
Mid.iles. 5»4c; Blocks, 6c; itesicca ed, 80.- *doz:
Pacific Herring 15c ¥» box: Dutch do. 9i)c(Ssl 10
1 V keg: WhiteiUh, $1 a') in halt'-bbls and $1 '<5 In
kits: Tongues and Sounds, $12; Mackerel, bbls—
No. 1, $20; -no. 2, $18 50: No. 3, $17; half-bbla-
No. 1, If9@9 50: No. 2. $8 60@9; No. 3, $8 50;
kits-No. 1. $1 50: No. 2, $1 25; No. 3, $1.
QUICKSILViiK— Quoted ior export at $34©
3t>6J %4 flask.* -
OIL — ullforiiin Castor Oil, cases. No. 1. 95c; ,
b"bls, 90c Igl g»l (manufacturers' rates); Linseed ,
Oil, in bols, boiled. 3ric;"ao raw, 36c; cases, 3c
more; Lard Oil. extra winter strained, bbls, 66c;
No. 1, 45c; cases, 6c higher; China -Nut, 45@52c
%4 gallon.
PETROLEUM, GASOLINE, ETC.— Water-
Coal Oil, In bulk, 1 1 Vie: Pearl OH, In cases. i7c
ual; Astral do, 17c P gal; Star, do, 17c eul;
)-xtr»Btar Oil, in cases, 21c: Elaine, do. 22c:
Eocene, do, 19c; ; Deodorized Stove Gasoline, in
bulk, 12y 2 c; do. in cases. 18MjC, 63° Deodorized
Naphtha, In bulk, 12c: 63"<10. In cases, 17y»c: 86°
Gasoline, la bulk, 20c; 86° do, In cases, 26c $ gal.
WHIT.X LKAD-Quottd at BV4@sy c %i H>.
KKD LEAD-QuotableHt 61/i@aV 9 %i Ib.
■ TURPKNTINK-In cases, 41c; In Iron barrels,
39c; in wooden barrels ■ I' 1 %>. !;■
CANDLES— Electric Liirhl— 6's, 16 oz. 7c; do. 14
oz. 6y 2 c; do, 12 oz, 6c: do, (hotel) 6s, 10 oz, 6yic: ,
do (hotel) 1-s. 12 oz, 40s, 6i,ic. Granite (mlnlug) ,
6's, 16 oz, a c: do. 14 rz. 7»ic; do, 12
oz, 7c; do, 10 oz, 6Vic ¥> to: Para tie Wax Can
dles—ls, Us. 4s, 6s, i-s, white, 81/40; colored, 9Vic
LEATH ER— Harness, - he«vy, is quotable at
3 ><£35c i» Ib: do medium, 28c: do llgnt, 24@.6c;
Hough Lea her, 19@21c: i.ips, $4Uta»46 >« per doz:
Calf. • 70ft490c: Kough Splits, 8(3,9c; Belt-Knife
Splits, l-©l4c: Collar Leather, black, HVs@l-c
* 100 : do. russet, Iiy 2 @l3c; bklrtlDg .Leather,
32y 2 @35c Ib.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Company
quote*, terms net cash: Cuba and Crushed, r>y 2 c:
I'owdere.l, oc; Fine Crushed,. 6^c; ' Dry Granu
lated, 48/gc; Confectioners' A, 4*/»c: Magnolia A,
4c; Extra C, 3%c: Golden C, 3%c; halt barrels
i/4 c more than barrels, and boxes yjc more.
SA>f FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Beef Is quoted rather weaker. Mutton and Veal
are unchanged. Wholesale rates for dressed stock
from slaughterers are as follows: "
BEKF— First quality, 6Vic; choice, 7c; second,
B@6c; third do, 4@f>c t' It>.
VEAL— Large, b@7c; small. 7@Bc $ to.
MUTI'ON- Wethers, 6yi@7c: Ewes. 6@6%c
¥ !!■ ■■■.■: -■::•■ ■-::., " ■ :■
LAMB— Spring, 12y a @15c; yearlings, 7@Bc 9
Ib. .
PORK— Live Hogs, .Sij4@3%c tP lb for larse and
medium and 3^@33/gC tor small; dressed do, 4y 3
(p. 5 ',*e 'H lb.
WOOL*, LUMBER, ETC.
Posts, B@loc each (or No. 1 and 6%@Bc for No.
'2; fed wood, $5 ¥ cord; Oak, rough, $6 50; peeled,
*9; Pine. 85 76. ...
TAA'Ba KK— sl4 per cord.
J.r.MisKU — Kates are nominal.
RECEIPT •> OF PRODUCE.
JTOB 24 HOURS. — ,
Flonr. qrsks.... 4,140 Urics, a0x. ....... 4.741
v\ heat. uiis. .. 8,020 Hide* no ... 321
Barley, ctls 135 felts, bdls. ...... 05
Oats, ctls 1,065 Wine. gals.... 42.100
Beans, ska.. 1.000 Brandy, gals-... 1.000
Potatoes, ski.... 7.1ii8 Sugar. bbls... . 2,i».
Onions, m....« ' 661 Leather, r0115.... 51
Bran, sks 605 Lime. bb15. ...... 311
Hay. tons _ 293 Raisins, boxei.. 673
Straw, tons. 5 Quicksilver, flsxi , 60
.bunar. ct.«.... M 197 i Tallow, cti*.. .... 8
Cheese, cut 1
TEE STOCK MAEKET.
There was considers >le difference between the
best figures of yesterday and the day before. For
instance, (.'hollar, which so d up to $1 30 Monday,
dropped back yesterday to 81c, though It subse
quently recovered some of the lO3t ground. The
other stocks were weak at a general decline.
The close was weak.
The delinquent sale of the Seg. Belcher takes
place to-day.
Silver King is assessed 25c.
The Fireman's Fund Insurance Company paid a
quarterly dividend of 93 per share yesterday.
.An official letter from the Chollar mine says of
the work during the past week in the company's
ground on the Brunswick lode: "At shaft 1 on
the 600 level have timbered the chutes and are
now cutting the station. On the 200 and 300 levels
continue to raise on the ore streaks exposed and
to open lengthwise on them with no special chance
to report for the wees. The pay is narrow, out of
good grade. The raise on the east streak from 300
level is progressing slowly, the ground being quite
herd. On the 400 level the raise from the south
drift, from east crosscut i is up 15 feet, where are
raising in two se.s, the quartz at that poln: being 5
feet wide, the face samples going from 916 to $25
per ion. Knst crosscut 3 100 feet south of No. ■* is
out 72 feel, having been advanced 35 feet for the
week. The fate continues in porphyry and small
seams or quartz. NVost croi-acut 3 opposite No. 3
U out 110 feet, having been advanced 33 feet since
last report. The face is in porphyry. Have saved
from all points for the week 115 tons 1200 pounds
of ore. which has been shipped to the Nevada mill
for reduction. The average top car sample for the
week was: Gold $28 76, ounces of stiver 1H.23.
The average wason sample was ?'.B 89 gold. 19.01
ounces silver, and the average battery sample of
the ore milled was B*6 69 gold. 16.96 ounces sil
ver. The roads are now in such i onditlon as to
prevent further hauling for the present."
AMeMin«nti rcndiiig. ,
Following lsi» list ot assessments now p*n-Mn»;
| Dellnqc
N& Amt. intha Sala Dmy.
Board.
int. Belcher. lx 10 .Nov.l 1
Overman ; 76 10. Dec 2'
Uale & -Norcoss 110 V 6 .Jan I
.'on. Cal. dfcVa...... 7 . S!6 .Jan :
.'rown P0int.'.....;.. 6S . JO.Jan !
iould <fe Curry hi) ■ 15;. Jan 1
Mta 1....' 64 05. Jan 1
«Hvage... 91 20i Jan 2
;tali .......;.... 24 06i»b 1
bullion ■ 4t-i }». .Feb 1
Silver King... 161 -s|.ieb li
.Jan 20
.Jan StD
. Keb 1
.Feb A
. Keb 3
.Feb 9
.Feb 8
.Feb 16
.Men 8
.Men 11
.Men 29
LUAl'.li >AiiJfc:S.
Following -were the tales In the San Francisco
Stock Fonrd yesterday : .
EkCDLAK MOBNING BESSIOK, COMMENCING 6:30.
100 Aiklpi 16 1300 C Imp .02 6J Fount... .. 65
100 8«)cner....60 aOJ U AC 800 Suvaze. .."27
100 L<kß 71. !0J HAN...1.2f)300 S Ny 46
50 74M)J Mexican. .47l4oo 5tnrd... 1.60
COO Choir 94 li/O Occdi it 100 Union C.43
300 CCJtV...l. bi J OJ Ouhir...l.lt -00 Ut*U_....O6
AFTERNOON SESSION— 2 . '3O.
lon Alnh* 1.-1900 0ph1r...1.15
500 Alta. Ob 300 1.7(, 101) 0vrmn....17
100 iielcher...f>2 C J'olnt»..37ilOU Potosl 6u
500 61700 GJtC 4WI^OJ S Nhv....49
400biii I'l 500 H<tN._l.2sisUoStßnrd>l.6o
100 Chllnge. ..6o tUJ Alex OillOJ Uiuuu 45
20U 64 I
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Eoard yesterday:
REGULAR SESSION— IO:3O.
3io Air.hu lliwoi CCV....1 B6 Oph!r....lVa
400 ah» ... 01 300 16, 8 i»00 1.10
25J Andes.... lt 360 l.bvlUOO ..... 1.07y a
40-1 Helcner...st)llßoo 1.57V%'400 1.05
100 b<tß 7 1 2200 l.ftb 500 0vrma....16
200 74 10l» Conti.l.22^ ! Pototl (53
900 1000 C NY...0. 'iOO 60
800 7- 600 CrwnPt..36!ioo ftf)
900 70 500 37 300 57
luOO 6f 400 Kxcnqr...otis ) ' bava«e....29
800 6^6 < J0 . ....4t 300 ....: .as
950 ~....67 jOU 48 19l!0 27
200 6t 1400 472300 26
Bt><» >.01110n....06 Ml) G liable. .Vl 500 26
&00Caleda....ll 00 ...36 l«OO t»corplonO»
700 CiiU.lUe...6:- sOJ HAN....1.2J. ,100 bß.t-U....1l
t»:i Choir 95 1000 Julia. ...OS 600 Nev 48
800 9:- 400 Jusiice....O6 500 47
700 .....9'.' 300 Kentrk....O4 400 Hi 1 1.... 0 1
200 .; .....81 1200 L Wash. ol 400 .......:. ..02
600 «(■ 200 Mile. 50 100 !-Stnnll.62y 2
300......... ..".84 700 ..:........:49!l400 Uui0u....4.1
400 ..8311V00 ..........18|200 .V 42
200 b6500 47500 Ulan Ob
50 ' C Imp 02600 Occd 16|i0vi V Jt»i.....31j
100 03 I
AFTERNOON SESSION— 2:30.
i 200 AiDhA 15 100 Cn011ar....b7 Occldtl.... 16
| 800 AJta 01 200 85 20J 0Dh1r...1.10
| 600 ...........06 300 . ....89 400 1.07 V 2
I 700 Andes. ...l 7 100 .....85 600 0vrmn... .16
4110 Belch 0r... 6 1 1200 CC*V..1.60 20 > Poioil 61
i 300 49 160 1%300 158
| 60J BAB. ?Jf 1810 ....... 1.6 a JOJ bavase...27
•JOO 71 150 conn 1.22 V 2 200 ... 26
600 ......7J 100 Exchc.r...Ut>soo 8 BAM... 10
I 700 H8 200 U &U.....4e20J tJNev 47
j 80J iiu)iieii....os 300 47 100 48
1 600 Caleda* ..1)17 JO 46450 .....49
! »00 ChaHge... 6Bll6o H<KJNI.27V S 100 Ktnrd... 1.40
200 ....6:600 1.26 20U Union.
SOU 51 500 Justice. .. o6 40J U.*n......1>5
i.'oo .. 50 400 Mexican ..49 90J V Jc*l ...37
.HOJ C Point... » 7 500 .....481600 35
200 3t0'300 46i :
li-OSINu QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. Jan. 19-4 p. v .
Il«.Aik*d. Mid. AnhcA.
AM* CM.:.. 15 It '«""» ~- - »'5
Alt* 07 08 fustic* _. 06 16
Andes." 16 17 ientnck....... 04 C 5
Belcher, 49 61 i.ady Wasn.... — «2
Best «fc Belcnsr 69 70 Mexican.... 46 47
Bcnton (Jon.. . 07 — , Nevada Quean. — 114
bullion 06 06 t Occident.... 14 15
Caledonia. 11 13 Ophlr 1.06 1.10
(.hollar 85 87, Overman-. .... 14 15
Con.Cat&Va...l.6i> 1.65 fotosL ,„ 38 69
Cballenea Coa. 60 51 5avage.....;... 26 27
Con. Imperial. 01 Uki Scorpion „ • OS 05
Confidence.... 1.20 1.25 beg. Belcher. . 10 11
Con New Yor* — ts silver Hill 01 12
Crown Point... 35 36 Sierra Nevada 46 47
KastSlerraNe* — 14 Standard — 1.56
horeka Cou ... '• — Vifi syndicate. .... 02 14
Kxcheauec .... 06 17 Union C0a..... 43 44
buuiu<k curry. 46 4 7 U tan 04 06
Hklt adorer* I.'JO 1.25 Vruow jmkm. 35 41
b'XUUii. AMU BOM) EXCHANGE.
lUESU.VY. Jan 19-2*. v.
TXTT»> BTATIM «OM).1.
j;,* / mm. \ . Bid. AtktuL
C S4s conn.UOVilllVa S4sreg...loa HOVJi
Do new usuel'Jt'Va — I
MiHCULLANicor™ Dnvii.
Cal-BtCbless.llO — OalcGas&s.. — ■ 104
Cal Klec L — . Do 2d 13 55... 108 —
CntraCWss S)2»/ a 96 omnioiu Os.. 1 20Vil20V a
Dpnt-stex-cp — S»7Vi I1&U Ry Bj. — 113
fcdsn JL&P 65127V4 29V* P<tCu Ky 6s. 100 —
i\S:CiIKR6sIO6V4 — jl'wl-s: KR6ill2^ll7
Oearv-*t R6sloo — |Reno,\VL4li — 105
X t.'<fc.S&Vfc*.lU3 — SrftCtoP&L. — 100
LosAnuL6» - 100 SFANPRS*. 98% 99
Do meed 6s — 101 sPRKArizSs 90 95
MtU-stCbicGsiaoya — aPKßCtads.liO —
Doltycon oi — 106%SPHK«al5s. — 100
Nat Vines Ist — 100 srurßCa!6s. 96% -
NevCNgß7s.loo — SV Water (is. -
N KyCal 6s.looy a — sVWater4s. 100V4100%
>Ky cal us. - 95 lritktnGAK6i — 102
WITW STOCK*
Contra Costa 37 37V2|^pm* Valley £8 8814
Mar In C 0.. ... — 52 |
CAS AND KLKCTRIC STOCKS.
CJipttal....... — S6 Pac I. as Imp 92 923/.
Central....... 9S — I Pacific Ll«ht 481/4 49
Ed son L!«htl27 127V4ran Francaco 98Va —
M Elec i.ign. »»4 10 - atockton.'.... — ' ...ao
Oak UL&U 633* — I ...
INSOHANCK RTOCKI..
Flreman'sFdl7s — |iun ..........— —
■ • COMMKBCIAL BANk'btOIJC*.
Anclo-Ca1.... 60 — First Notion! lSO 181Vj
BauKOl CA1..259 242 Vi London l\tA.ia7V 2 —
Calbl><fcTColo7 108% JlerchKx.... li —
HAVINH.H BANK BTOCKI '
OerRALCo.. — 1600 ISavAloan.. _ 105
HumbSili.HOli — Security 230 300
Mutua1....... S3 — Uuion Trust. Blo ' —
bi'Siiv Union — . 49 J ' ;
ETRRKT KAILBOAn «TO<7JCI. .
California... .lo7% 112 lOakSLifcHay — 100
O«ary-8t....- — 60 Presidio — 6V4
Mavkuirsl.... 43 43y 3 . -
.. ruu ;■..:. stock*.
AilfintleD... 16 17 C0n.... ,28% 29
California 75 - : Vigorit. 60c 90c
Eastern D.... £0 K6 4
lIISCKI.I.ANEOU4 STOCK «.
Alaska Piers. 1001/3101 • [Nat Vln Co.. _ n%
Her Lend Co. HO luu ' ceanlcSSCo 35 28
HawCisCo.. 17% i 76/ B lPae Aux FA , — . " - 4
llaichsru 26% 25% PacßoraxCo. 95 —
MerExAssn.. — 110 jParffalntCo -. . 7
BALKS— MOaStS«<* OM^xiljji,
ronni—
135 AinsKn Packers' Association ... .. 101 00
205 Contra Costa Water .'........ : - 37 00
.73. do do .... ....„•... 5*7 60
135 Edison Lljfht & Power Co. 127 25 ,
110 Hutchlnson 8 1* C0.... :......_ x 5 37%
25 Marlcet-iit Ha11way. ........:.. •.'.... . 43 25
$15,000 Market-st Rv Con 1% 80nd5.... \0& 25 ,
150 Mutual j lectric LigDt V bo
60 do -do 9 62%
'60 do do ;.."...... • 976
tllJOX) 8V 6% 80n05....... .:..... 119 00
$2000 do do ...-. 118-7%
is. 00 S F <fc N P Railway Bonds 94 62%
$10u0 do do 98 60
»3000 do do, blO 98 75
r- MrfPt— ;,i ■*■ .'■■:-■. .
60 First National Bank 180 00
40 llutchlnson S P C 0....... — 55 25 :
96000 F«t N P Railway Bonds 91 i>2%
h»LlO-AITJ(B.Xj.l> 3jCa»rO4.
-.-■ ponrrt— ■'*■* ; '■ '...■ '.' ":•' ■■-■.■•■' '
| 26 Alaska Packers' Association........ 10100
150 Contra Costa Water.. 5" 00
d Kdison LlKht* Power Co 127 £5
4t> Giant Powder Con |» ?°
25 do do. b5... f° fin
165 Hntchlnson P Co. - «°"
$ sSo^pSrc^HoTse-Bonds::"r.5 So^pSrc^HoTse-Bonds::"r. 101 00 %
$5000 Park & Cliff House Bonds 101 00
10 sV Water.... ........— . oh «Si?
$2000 SF & Railway Bonds |8 62%
$2000 do do •••••■•••• ••• " o ••
EEAL ESTATEJLEANSAOTION3.
City and County of San Francisco to Elizabeth
Alexander, lot on S line of Pine street, 62 .bE of
25SS ff&SK sffsa»a( : & o »w o SKsW!
fl Kiena *\ and Minnie O'Farrell to P. S Wen
singer, lot on SW corner of Turk street and Van
Nesi avenue, W 109:6 by B 60; *10. _ _
tdwin G. Olsen to Antonla Thomsen, lot on
N line of Page street, 62:6 15 of Webster, E 60 by
N Isaac Gartenb.rg to I. Newton Kosekrans lot
on E line of KIM more street. 77:4%, M of Clay, B 8
25 by E 90:6: also lot on W line . ? Jones street.
68:9 8 of O'Far.ell, S 12 by W 71:6; ; also lots IB
and 16, block 51, City Land Association, also all
imprest In estate of Aaron Garteuberg, No. 17,600,
assignment ana deed: $150. D-i~n
security Loan Association to Johan H. c. rj™">
lot on line of Maple si wet, 83:1% > °* Wash
ington, N 26:6. E 141:4, SW 26:9%. W 137:3%:
$10
Catherine and Thomas Corbett to John Ham
mond, lot on N line of Hill street, 165 E of Castro,
X 25 by N 114: »6. m _. .
Charles R. Smith (trustee for Arthur W. Evans)
to Arthur W. Evans, lot on line of Mneteentn
street, 125 W of Noe, W 25 by S 86: $1. eta
George Oelttier to Gustavo* aud Clara Brueai
gam, lot on X llneof York street, 193N of Twenty
first, N 25 by X 100: 81515.
Thomas Norton to Charles O. and Francis A.
Saxe, lot on H line of Elizabeth street. 175 W of
Douglass. W 25 by N 114, lot 109, Heyman
Tract: $10. ' „ _ 
Charles and Susan Musante to . Henry Kohler,
lot on NE corner of Green and Vincent streets, E
20:3 by N 57:6; also lot on N line of Green street,
166 W of Montgomery, W 20 by N 67:6: $10.
Jidward J. Le Breton to Glacomo Costa, undi
vided one-twentieth of following: Lot on X line
of Bartlett street, 77:6 N of Jackson, JS 35 by E
60; also lot on X line of Dupont street, 68:9 N of
Clay, M 68:9 Dy I 68:9: also lot on E line of
MiocKton street, 137:6 H of Wasbiueton, 2* 23:6,
E 137:6, I? 2, E 62, S 21:6, W 62. H 22, W 70, N
22, W 67:6: also lot on SE corner of Washington
and JDupoi streets, S 40:6 by E 25:10: $10. .
Same to uuiseppe Cadenasso, undivided one
tenth of s.nne (4 pieces) : $10.
same to Joseph Cuneo, undivided one-twentieth
of same (4 pieces): $10. '
Joseph and Kebecca Hoene (Joost) and Louisa
8. Joost to Emily F. Currier, lot on N line of A
street. 32:6 W of Eleventh avenue, W 75 by >i
100: $10.
Louii and Rose Lipman, London and San Fran
cisco Bank (Limited) to Peter J. Bllm, lot on E
lln"! of Tenth avenue, 276 S of X street, 8 25 by E
120; $10.
Mary C. Biegelhuth to Conrad Riegelhuth, lot
on W line of Eighth avenue, 175 S ot H street, S
25 by \V 120; grant. '
James B. McMurray to Walter H. Llnforth. lot
on NX corner O street and Thirty-fifth avenue, N
100 by E 32:6: $5.
ward Ford Sr. to Catherine Ford, lots 92, 94,
169, 16-, Gift Map 1; $10. '
Jacob and Una Heyman to William A. Bauville,
lot 139, Gift Map 8: $10. -/ '
Julia Bauer 10 Pierre M. Palasson, block 151
University Kxtension " Homestead Association,
quitclaim deed: $1.
Catherine Schmidt to Bernard Schmidt, lots 1,
2 and 3, block 2, De Boom tract; gift; also prop
erty in Sac Mateo County, re-record of 1709
deed 309; gift. .
Solomon and Dora Getz to Mary Ann Barber,
lot on SK corner of Athens, 25 > E China avenue,
&JC 25 by SE 100. block 71, Excelsior Home
s:ead;slo.
AT.AMKDA COUNTY.
Martin Gonzales to Cyrus E. Blanchard, lot on N
line of Lincoln street, 142:6 E of Wood, E 23:9 by
-■> 136, being a portion or lot 7, block B, Oakland
Point Homestead. Oakland; $10.
&<trah A. McKee to Day.d McKay, lot on S line
of Twelfth street, 39:3 X of Magnolia, E 39 by S
115, block 663. «. aklaud: $5.
Henry H. and Clark Hewlett to Jane V. Culver,
lots 19 and 20, block P, Keisey Tract, Oakland;
grant.
Ann Bailey to Charles A. Bailey, lotbeeinnlng
at a point 100 8 from Charming way and 60 W
from W line of Fifth street, W 60, S 3. 79, t: 50, N
(5.46 to beginning, being block 132, corrected map
Raymond Tract. Berkeley: 810.
J. a. Brothers to Coleman Foley, lot on E line or
Grant street, 102.8 8 of Bancroft way, S 50 by E
130, being lot 22, b.ocit 14, ilcGee Tract. Berke
ley: 410.
Commercial Bank of Berkeley to Edward Coffin,
lot ou & W comer cf Henry and Hose streets, S 6J
by W 135, being .o; 1, block 2, Graves <fc Taylor
Tract, Berkeley; $100.
David >ymmes to Clara A. Scbofield (wife of
L. M.). o. on is. corner of Tobler street and Ked
wood avenue, NX 139.37 by .-sE 128, being lots 21
to 24, and s»W 19 37 feet of lot 6. Fruit vale Park
Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Julius A. and E.izabeth H. Remmel to Llille
TibDatts (wife of J. B.), lot on £ . line of Lafayette
street, 4) :8 «of Railroad avenue, S 37 by X 108,
b.ock 4, Enclual Tract Map 3, Alameda: $10.
\V. b.. Davis, Ethel A. Hudges and Gertrude D.
Van Stcklen to William J. Smith, lots 9, 10, 13,
b ock 49, Enclual Tract, Alameda: $5.
• Alice Uarton, administratrix of Hie estate of
Jami's Galloway and Walter J. Garton (by com
missioner) to Oakland i auk of Havings, lot on W
line of A«ieiine street, 176 « of Thirty-sixth. - 25
by W 123:3, portion of lot 8, block 681, Watts
Tract. Oakland; $630. .
William N. and Lizzie Halbert to Hannah Bei
ry, lot on E line of Webster s reet. 20 J N of Dur
rant, X 60.45 by B 150, Oakland; $100.
Hannah .Kerry to WUiain Halbert, lot on
E line of Filbert street, 420 s of Tenth, S 30|by E
125, b.ock 1-543, Market-street Tract, Oakland;
$10.
George W. and Carrie H. Edwards to Wallace
Eversou, lot on XW line of Twe.ftn avenue. 25
SW of E Twentieth street, SW 25 by MW 150,
block 115. Clinton, East Oakland; $5. . < •
Joseph B. McFarland to Mary .1. McFarland,
lot on s line oi Virginia street,334 W of Mil via, W
60 by 8 136, being lot 11, block i), Janes Tract,
also personal property, Berkeley: gift.
Theodore and Ida Wagner to A. M. Specie, lot
26, block 2, Dow ling Tract, Berkeley; $300.
• — • — •
Some New Things.
A new lead pencil has the lead small
enough to move freely inside the wood
and a small clutch near the sharp end to
move the lead forward to the opening in
the point, thus permitting new lead to be
inserted in it when desired.
A newly patented device for raising
sunken vessels consists of a caisson de
signed to be sunk and fastened to the ship,
after which air is pumped into the cais
son, forcing the water out and raising the
wreck by buoyancy of the air.
Tojliiht bicycle lamps by electricity a
new device has an armature run by a shaft
resting on the bicycle tire, thusgenerating
its own lig'>t. It is controlled by a gov
ernor so that the speed of the wheel does
not increase the light above a certain
point.
To prevent trains and trolley-cars from
minima; into a drawbridge opening a
Mic igan man has a device which auto
matically raises a section of the tn ck to
the right height to engage the wheel of
the car, thus preventing furthur progress.
A new bicycle ball-b?arinj; has two sets
of balls in each side of the hub, a rotating
ring being placed between them and act
ing as a cone and cup for the outer and
inner sets of balls respectively, the hub
and sbalt forming the remaining cones
and traps in the usual manner.
A new bicycle-propelling device has the
pedals placed in levers which engage the
usual sprocket wheel by clutches, the
downward motion of the pedal lever en
gaging the sprocket wheel and turning it
around a short distance, when the pedal
returns and the opposite one is forced
down.
Antomatic whistles for railroad loco
rooiives consist of a lever connected with
tne whistle, one end running down beside
the track to engage a series of blocks or
rails. As the locomotive approaches a
crossing the lever comes in contact with
these blocks, thus giving the desired
signal.
Streetcars can be ventilated by means of
a new device consisting of a rotary fan
run by the motion ot the car, placed in
the car roof and connecied with an ex
haust fan placed in tne end of a pipe run
ning to the interior of the car, the inten
tion being to exhaust the foul air in the
upper part of the car so that pure air can
e:iter from the outside.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A. branch of the United States Hrdrographla
Office located In th» Merchant 1 Exchan«» is
maintained In San Francisco tor the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and free of
expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sailing
directions of the world are kept on bant tor com
parison and reference, and the latest information
can always be obtained regarding lights, dangers
to navigation and all matters of Interest to ocean
commerce.
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill ix hoisted about ten minute* before
noon, and is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian, by
telegraphic signal received each . day from the
United States Naval Ot»erva'.ory M Mare Island,
Car,
A notice stating whether the rime ' ball was
dropped on time, or giving the error. If . any, is
published the same day oy the afternoon papers,
and by the morning papers the following .lav. .„■
MW. a HUQHH.
Deutenant, V. 8. N.. in charge.
The Tune Bull.
tKANCH HYDROaKArHIO OFFtOH. XT. S. X- ■»
Merchants' Exciwraii " V
Bast >'ba;ncisco, ■ January 19. 1397. )
Tfca time ball on Telegraph uin was arooae
exactly at noon to-day— c., ai noon of the ViOta
mendUui, m exactly m 6 f. m., Greenwich time. .
<3&l£&lf£S>*it£;'-''-~: v* W. & UUOHH,
\ lieutenant U. B. .N., in charge.
f THE CAI.I. CALENDAB.
lAsnABT, 1897.
w.
ir.
2
©New Moon.
W Jan. a.
7
11
15
16
22
23
®Full Moon.
Jan. 18.
17
SO
tf\ Last Quarter.
4/ Jan. 26.
2tf
•2H
I ttfiAA' >-'l i. A -»«•■"».
I Dated of Departure From San Frtnolieo,
ITUHIB | DKBTINATION-. |
SAIL, I *.
| PfRR.
noraer
Corona
Mexico......
Czarina
Farallon
Knrelca
Columbia. ..
Rio Janeiro.
Queen
Umatilla.. ..
Orizaba
ABlancnard
Australia. ..
Arcata
Coo* 8ay.. . .
Barracoota.
Del None..
Btat* Of (-«!. I
Coos Bay .....
Hnznboldtßat
Han Disco.....
Coos .Bay
Yannlna Bar.
Newport ......
Portland ...„:
China & Japan
Ban Diego.....
Vie <ft I'gt Snd
Mexico
Oregon ports..
H0n01u1u.. ....
Coos Bay
Newport
San Jose de G.
Grays Harbor.
| Portland'
Jan 20. spm
Jan 20. m
Jan 20.11 aw
lan '.0. 6pm
Jan 21. Bam
Jan 22. 9am
Jan 23.HUH
Jan 23, Ifm
Jan 24.11 am
Jan 24. 9am
Jan 25,10 am
Jan '26. spm
Jan 26.10 am
Jan 26.10 am
Jan 26. Sam
Jan 26, .....
Jan 27
I Tan 28.11UM
| Pier lit
PierS
Pl*»r 11
Pier 8
Pier 'A
Pier 11
Pl«» !l
PMS
fl»r 1 1
Pier 9
Pier 11
! Pier lit
Pier 7
Pier IS
Pier 11
;Pl*>r'a'4
JsTKAMIiKS TO AKKIVt.
STHjUfER
Cleone
Eureka.
rmatilla.
Columbia
Homer
Anslralla
Mackinaw
Trnckee
Alliance
Progreso
Queen
Corona
Alice Bl an chard
Crescent City. . .
Coos Bay
fiuellc.
City Pueola
State of Cal
Arcata
Del Norte
Bnnoi
Mexico
San Juan
North Kors. ...
uresceni i»y
Newport.
Victoria <t Pueet, Sound
Portland.
Coos Bay
Honolulu
iacoma m
Tlllamook Bay
Coos Bay
Seattle
San Diego
Humboldc 8ay. .........
Portland
Crescent City ..........
Newport.
China and Japan
Victoria & Pnget Bound
Portland. .'.
Coos Bar ...
Drays Haroor.
Grays Harbor....
San Diego
Panama...:
i Hunohoidt Bar
..Jan -ju
..Jan 2U
..Jan 20
..Jan 20
..Jan 2U
..Jan 31
..Jan 31
..Jan 21
..Jan 22
..Jan 22
..Jan 22
..Jan 23
..Jan 21
..Jan 24
..Jan 24
..Jan 24
..Jan 26
..Jan 25
..Jan 25
..Jan 25
..Jan 28
..Jan 26^
..Jan 27 *
Un 27
■bUJN, MOON AMU 11JUK,
United States Coast and Geodftic Brjßvzr.
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, Enteanck to
Ban Francisco Bat. Published by Offi
cial Authority or THE Superintendent,
Note — high and low waters occur at too
City Front (Mission-street Wharf) about twenty*
five minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is the same at both places.
' January— lß97.
Wednesday, January 20. . ■
Bnnrlaea 7-22 1 Moon rises 7.32 rx
Sunsets 6.20 Moon seta.
S H W
™5£ Fert|l!E£ Feet Tlme
L VV H >v i. W
21
an
24
26
26
1.41
■-MJ
2.44
a 22
4.U5
4.65
! 4.7
4.8
4.9
6.0
5.2
6.3
&48
7.47
8.47
9. SO
11.00
1 12.14
2.6
2.1
1.7
1.8
0.8
0.8
12.43
1.42
2.46
4.00
5.35
701
4.7
4.S
4.0
S.B
3.3
3.]
7.15
8.00
8.47
9 36
10 22
n.24
0.
v.
1.
1.
.Noti- In the above exposition of the tides tb«
early morning tides are given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in tin
order of occurrence as to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day, the thin]
time column the third tide, and the last or righ:
hand column gives the last tide of the day, excep:
when there are but three tides, as so'meclmej
•cenrs. The heights given are addition! to ttia
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a mlnns sign (— ) precedes th«
height, and then the number given U aubtr active
from the depth given by the charts.
SUH*l'l.> ii XHTt.L.I.Hxt.SiiK.
Arrive 1.
TUESDAY, January 19
Stmr Corona, Doran. 1 9 hours from Eureka;
pass ana mdse, . to Goodall, Pericins & Co.
Stmr Albion, Lundqulst. 4 days from Coqnlllo
River; 220 tons coal, tv J S Kirn ball.
Stmr Santa Cruz. Nlcolson, 3% days from
San Diego, trie: produce, to Goodall, Perkins * Co.
>tmr czarina, cteamau. 46 boars from Coos Hay ;
mdse, to J D Spreckels & Bros Co.
Stmr Greenwood. Faierlun I. 19 Hours from Port
Hariord: ballast, to LE White Lumber Co.
Stmr Scotia. Johnson, 'JO hours from L'sal;
lumber, to J X Haolfy. Up river direct.
Schr Monterey, Becir, 21" hours from Bowensj
Landing; 150 II ft lumber, to F Heywood. } ;t r ;;•• <
tieantil. t
TUESDAY. January 19. J
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond, Nanalmo; R Duns- '
mulr & Co.
Snip America, Harding, Nanalmo; X Dunsmnlr
CO.
Sailed.
TUESDAY. January 19.
Stmr Arcata. Cousins. Coos Bay.
Stmr Washtenaw, Crosoup, Tacoma.
Mmr fiipsr. i^iand. Santa Cm*.
Stmr Emclre. Reed, Coos Bay.
Xir stmr Wellington, Salmond, Nanalmo.
Stmi Walla Walla, Wallace, Victoria and Port
Town send. '
Stmr City of Sydney. Johnston, Panama.
Scbr Antelope, Anderson, Coquille River.
| Schr Fort uea, Bosicn. Eureka.
Schr Newark. Beck, ±so«vens Landing. .
Schr Aloro. Jorgenson, Coquille River.
Telegraphic
pnixT i.obos. Jan. 19.— 10 p. v.— Weather
cloudy; wind calm.
Charter*.
The scbr Maggie C Buss loads mdse for Central
America.
The ship America loads coal at Departure Bay
for this port: Br bark Dace*, lumber at Portland
for Valparaiso. 3'2s 6d: btctn Katie Flicltlager,
lumber at Vancouver for Yokohama; scbr Pros
per, lumber at Port Gamble for Honolulu; Br bark:
WooUabra, redwood at Eureka for Sydney, own
ers' account. -
The Br ship Maehrilianlsh loads wheat at Port*
land for Europe, 18s 9d.
The Br ship Arduucraig Is chartered for wheat
to Europe, 30s 3d.
v Domestic Port*.
BAN PEDRO— Jan I«— Stmr Navarro,
from Eureka. ■
Sailed Jan 19-Stmr Tillamoolr.
ASTORlA— Arrived Jan 19— scar James A Gar
field, hence Jan f>.
PORT BLAKELEY- Arrived Jan 19-Sohr
Prosper, from Kobe.
CLKOXE— Arrived Jan 19— Stmr Aicatraz, frm
Port Los Angeles. . -
KOBE— Arrived Jan 14— Schr Spokane, from
Port Gamble.
SEATTLE— Arrived Jan 10-Schr Azalea, h nee
Jan S. « ■ - •>..;-- • -
REDONDO- Arrived Jan 19— U S stmr Mon
terer, from Santa Monica.
TATOOSH- Passed Jan 19-Stmr Mackinaw,
fro n Tacoma, for San Francisco.
TACOMA— bailed Jan 19— Bktn Chehalls.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived jan 19— Brig Court
ney Ford, from Tahiti.
GRAYS HABBOK— Arrived Jan 18-Stmr Del
None, hence Jan 16.
CUKKKA— Arrived Jan 19-Scbr John A, hnce
Jan 16.
Bailed Jan 19— Scar Jessie Minor, for Honolulu.
VhNTL'RA— Arrivea Jan 19-stinr U Loo mis,
hence Jan 18. .
PORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed Jan 19-U 8 stmV
Monterey. i F~
BOWENS LANDINQ-Arrlved Jan 19-Sch/
Newark, hence Jan 19.
ASTORlA— Arrived Jau 19— Schr James A Gar
fleid, hence Jan 6.
Foreign Port*.
CALCUTTA— Arrived Deo 29— Nor stmr Tyr,
from Tacoma.
DELAUUA BAY— Arrived Jan 12— Nor stmr
Bo^stad. from Port Blaicetey-
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Jan IS— stmr Em
press of India, from Vancouver.
HONGKONG— Arrived Jan 18— Br stmr China,
hence Dec 19.
BUENOS AYRES-Arrlved Jan 14— Br baric
Nellie Troop, from Port Gamble.
CORONKL— Sailed Jan 17— Br stmr Howlck
Hall. forSt Vincent.
FALMOUTU-.^a.led Jan 18— Br ship Leyland
Brothers, for London. •
> Importation*.
. PORT HARFOBD— Per Santa Cruz-273 hotri.
Lompoc Landing— 3 Iron pipes. lea 1 chsl tools,
BO bxs apples, 1 bx cigarj, 112 sks mustard, tU7
sks 1 pKi( beans. ■ ■ .
KeJondo— 2B lß sks barley.
Goleta— so ton« aspttalium. ' : '.«'.' - ;
•COOS BAY -Per Czarina— 9oo tons coal, : 966
cs salmon, 3 cs cheese. 1 cs ore, 1 bJI Iron, 2 ska
coin. ■■-■■•■■•- < >■ .v>
. EUREKA— Per Corona- 1 cj fish. 6 bxs type, I
cs books, 41 bxs butter, 82 M ft lumber. 3 craies
window sashes, 1 cseg?«. 1 lot ' household furni
ture. 3 tics ppta 03*, 1 chest tools. 1 cs coffee,' 370
M shingles. 8 pkgs express, 1 »k coin.
E Rand R — 10 Oxs 41 hf-bx* nsh, 4 kegs
68 oxs nutter, 1 cs separating ■ bowls, 1 cs shoos, 1
keg cider, Ics dr.- «ooJ.s. 14 obis salmon, 'A cs
costumes, 123 bales, 194 bxs apples. • ■'/•■"■
Connigneei. •
Per Santa Cruz— Standard Oil Co: Crystal Soda
Co: McPherson & Kucicer; New-mark & Edwards •
Erlanger Oallnger: S P Milling Co; M Uavis; J
M Levy A Co; A Pail lea; Aeriootor Co:Lynde<&
Hough j»R A Kersbaw.
ler Czarina— J 1/Spreckels & Bros Co; Wieland
Brothers: Getx Bros <& Co: Baker & Hamilton; A
P Kothkqff : Weils. Fargo* Co.
Per Corona— A Paladlni: Bneham, Hopoe & Co
Amer I res* Asjn; (J A Hooper & Co: : Enterprise
Brewery: Dodge, Sweeney & Co; c W liuriiesv li
Bertl<fct.o Dairymen's Union: Hibernla Breae'rrl
Wieland Brewing Co: standard Oil Co J v Uwn.tf
& co; J A i oiger : Wells, Fargo & Co; Scot <£ V»o
'Arsdal.' Lumb*r Co; American Union Fish Co- ! A
ye lantl: B Caito; U CamUlont 4 Co; .- Trapani:
J B JnicugUa: Milan! «fc Co : CiS Whitney .c Uj i N
Tarantlao: Baker Hamilton;' J H Kessine- Vl>
Virgilio; Fredertcksourg Brewery; Pacific Coast
FWh Co: Cahn. Nlckelsburg & Co: Getz Bros * Co;
Baker* Hamilton: Hills Brov. Boss Hewlett;
Kusa. Sanders & Co; Wltzel <fc Baker: H H Hogan;
Hulse, Bradford & Co; McDonough * Bunyon- v
Bertl & Co; 1) X Allison * co : OB Smith * Co;
Norton, Teller 4 Co: Wheaton, Brtou * Co- Uold*
stein & Co; Neusiadter Bros; L Scatentt & CO.CARS FLY IN
SPLINTERS
Sunset Limited Crashes
Into the Berkeley-
Local.
THREE PERSONS BADLY
INJURED.
Fireman Walter Cornish Jumps
From the Cab and Is
Nearly Killed.
LADIES LEAP HEADLONG INTO
THE MUD.
The Force of the Collision Terrifi: '
and the Wonder Was That No
Lives Were Lost.
J OAKLAND, Cal . Jan. 19.— Through j
(he mistake of a signalman the Sunset i
Limited crashed into the rear of the Berke- '
ley local to-night and three people were .
badly hurt.
Several more were seriously shocked,
and that some were not killed is nothing
short of a miracle.
The Sunset train, with fourteen coaches,
ie!t the mole at 10:30 and was flying
toward tower 4, when the Berkeley local i
was seen to be standing on the main line.
There was not time to stop the Sun~et,
and although Engineer Carroll applied his
brakes as soon as he could it did not avert
the crash.
The powerful compound engine plowed !
into the rear coaoh of the Berkeley train,
whicb was awaiting the sitrnal. The force !
of the collision was terrific and the local
train was pushed ahead for fully the dis- .
tance of t. ree coach lengths.
The locomotive did not seem to feel the j
obstruction at first, but continued oa its j
way, cutting into the lear car of the local. I
Before t c Sunset train was stopped it
had completely demo ished the rear car
and the engine was crippled.
Ttie Berkeley car was fall of passengers, '
and when they saw that a collision was
inevitable they rushed in ali directions
for safety. Three Jadies ran out on the
rear platform qifod jumped into the mud.
There has been considerable dredging ;
done in the nei hborbood of the wreck
recently and the mud in the marsh is stiil i
slushy.
The ladies jumped into it an 1 refused
to be rescued a few minutes later, but al
though drenched with filth tliey saved
their lives by their action. Before they
had fairly struck the mud the Sunset de
molished lhe platform from which they
had just jumred.
Walter Cornish, the fireman on the San-
Mi train, is seriously injured. He saw
that a collision could not be averted and
[<efoTe the trains struck he jumped off the
cab.
Unfortunately for him, he jumped to
tbe left and landed on the heavy rocks
that form the embankment. He was seri
ously injured by the fall, and it is feared
he is hu. t internally.
Mr-. Lorenson, who lives at Seventeenth
ana Kirkbam streets, was unable to get
out of the car in time and was struck by
the wreck. She iB very seriously hurt m
terna.ly and cut about the body, and it is
feared she may die.
Tlie trainman of the rear of the Berke
ley train was waving a ted light just be
fore the collision, but it did not have the
i ffect of stopping the Sunset.
There was a panic in the Berkeley train,
W. B. GAY and MRS. MELLIE GAY and Her Daughter. The
Woman Claims to Be Gay's Third Wife.
and several ladies went into hysterics,
while many jumped off.
All of the Berkeley and main line trains
leave the pier upon one track and run
along Cedar street after leaving t: c mole.
Upon approaching Sixteenth-street sta
tion the Berkeley trains take a local track
fcbout 400 yards from the station. It was
at this point that the accident happened.
One hundred yards from the depot is
situated tower 4 from which all of the
switches are handled by means of com
pressed air. A signal post with sema
phores and signal lights is situated 200
yards soutn of this, nearer the mole. The
tower man is supposed to give the local
trains a clear signal and allow them to
run in upon the local track clear ol the
main line. For some unexplained reason
the B-rkeley local, consisting of engine
and three cars, was stopped at the sema
» phore.
The Sunset limited was only three
■ behind it and before tne former
fully stopped the latter was upon it.
Eneineer Carroll of the lim ted applied
his air brakes and reversed the engine,
but it was too late to save a collision.
Ihe rear car of the Berkeley train was
crashed all to pieces. The rear trucks
were thrown :o one side of the track and
the rear part of toe coach split into tooth
• picks.
Glass was scattered throughout the car
and seats bent in all shapes. The signs in
the interior looked a3 if a cyclone had
struck them. The only wonder is that
aur one could have been inside and es
caped alive.
Engineer Carroll, who pulled out the
Sunset train, stayed at his post and did
not move from his cab till he had stopped
his train, although before he did so
pieces of the rear coach ot the local were
flying in all directions.
He was not hurt and after the wreck
was ihe coolest man in th° crowd. He is
one of the oldest engineers in the service
of the company.
As soon as Mr. Wilder was notified he
orderea another engine to the scene, and
the Sunset was hauled back to tne pier.
Another engine wus attached and a little
after midnight the Minset limited was
palled out and started on its journey
Eastward.
It was ascertained that the name of the
tower man is Myers, and the officials at
the mole are inclined to <livide the blame
of the collision between him ana the
engineer ol the local.
JUDGE CAMPBELL'S CASE
The Grand Jury Think* the Inquiry a
"Waste of Time.
The Grand Jury spent all of its regular
session yesterday afternoon in inquiring
into the allegations concerning judue
Campbell and his habit of leaving "O.
R.," or "own recognizance," releases
anione his friends in the saloon business.
The inquiry was not completed, but it
is sate to say that Judge Campbell will be
exonerated fr» m b.'aine. F. B. O'Brien,
the one-time clerk of Judge Campbell's
court, who made the original charge, was
tue lirst witness. He aid not stick to his
story in any of its essential points. A
number of other witnesses were examined
and finally Judge Campbell himself was
summoned.
He was plied with questions not only
concernin • he Gleason release transac
tion, but much more, looking to a general
reform in the trotem of appointments of
Pi>l:ce Court official -.
Foreman P lxotto said yesterday that
he did not believe the Judge meant to do
anything but wnat was rig t, and that, in
hi* opinion, he used good judgment iii the
Gleason case.
— " — ♦ ■» — ♦ — —
Underwriters Orgauized.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 19.— The Ala
nuda County Board of Underwriters has
been orean zed with the following officers:
President, J. Tyrre! ; vice-president, T. P.
biron^; secreta-v, 1. I. Boak: tteasurer,
Jolni Russ. The executive committee con
sists of Warren Cheney, J. B. Lanktree
and G. S. Naisnuth, with the president
and treasurer. This means the restora
tion of a uniform rate for writing insur
ance in this county, and doing away with
the ruinous cutting of rates whic:i has
been going on for the paut year.
Di-csion Awaited.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 19— The deci
sion of the (Superior Court on the question
of the right of the Police Court to allow
expert testimony in Chinese lottery ticket
cues is expected this week. There have
been a number of cases hung up for some
time awaiting the a; peal oi one case, and
that has b*en delayed by the illness of at
torneys interested. On the pom' hangs
the further prosecution of Chinese lottery
ticket venders ia this city.
Key. Mr. Chapman Resigns.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 19.— The Rev. E.
|S. Cbapma.i, D.D., who has been presi
i dent of the Associated Charities of this
; city, has resinned, and A. J. Ralston has
! be^n elected to fall the vacancy. In re-
I signine Dr. Chapman indorses the work,
, the officers and ev^rvthinz :n connection
• with the association, but finds it necessary
to retire, owing to the press of other dv
; tes.
Married Late in Life.
OAKLAND. Cai... Jan. 19.— Dr. P. W.
i Fonda of "\Ve-t OaKland surprised hi*
1 frienus to-day by announcing; t&at he was
1 married last Sundry to Mrs. Sarah P.
Crocker. The doctor is 70 ana his wife is
just half hi? age.
IN SEARCH OF A HUSBAND
A Woman From Tuehlo, Colo., a Scene
on the Street and a Strange
Story.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 19. — There
is trouble in the house of Gay
and one woman is claiming tnat the pres
ent Mrs. Gay is not ttie right Mrs. Gay,
but that she herself is the proper spouse.
The woman says she is the original Mrs.
Gay and she has come from Pueblo, Colo.,
to find her husband. She finally located
the man she was looking for at 2301 Ala-
ineda avenue and she was waiting for him
on the corner.
The woman says she married Gay about
seven yeas after her first husband died,
and six hours after the marriage he
showed himself in his true colors. She
Jived with him, ehe says, for five months,
and then he left her and came West. The
woman says he has been married at least
twice since he left her, and she is going to
t?y to have him placed under arrest.
Gay secured a license on January 9 to
wed Miss Mary Gafford of Sacramento,
aged 19. They are now living at the ad
dress given.
• — ♦ — « .
Mine. Nord c* < inning.
OAKLAND. Cal., Jan. 19.— The musi
cal and social event of the week will be
the appearance of Mine. Lillian Nordioa
at the Macdonough Wednesday evening,
aupDor'ed by a powerful company. She
is a most beautiful woman and is consid
ered the greatest dramatic soprano in the
world. The fact that she is an American
girl adds to her charm, but her attempt
to force the Metropolitan Opera Company
to pay her the same price as a foreign
singer failed, and she struck out for herself
in a manner truly American. The sale of
seats has been large.
TO CUKE A COL.i IN ONE DAY.
Take laxative Broiuo Quininn Tablets. All drug
is us iciunu the liiouuy ii it laUs to cure. 2«c
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 20, IS9T.
CAPTAIN THOMAS
HEADS THE TICKET
Republicans Nominate a
Full List of Municipal
Officers.
D mand God Roads and Earnest
Prcsecuticn of the Water
Front Suits.
A Platform That May R asonab'y B^
Expected lo Commend Itself
to the Voters.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
90S Broadw y. Jan. 19. j
Never was a Republican convention con
ducted with more dispatch or decorum
than that which closed to-night.
Colonel H. D. Talcott proved to be a
chairman as full of humor as of executive
abiiity. and when the delegates were not
eulogizing or voting they were kept laugh
ing.
The finding of a bad dollar in the as-
Captain W. R. Thomas, Who Was
Last Night Nominated for
Mayor.
segments, the syreestion contained in
Mr. Bodle's name, which was pronounced
"Boodle," the presence of the "Eighth
Ward ' and the assessingof them, all these
ami every other circumstance that could
be turned into a neat joke was used by
Chairman Talcott to enliven the proceed
ings.
The committee of platform and resolu
tions reported as follows and the report
was unanimously adopted:
First— We profess a full and abiding faith in
the intelligence, fi ielity, prudence and patriot
ism of the Republican party as a political or
ganization.
Second— We strenuously urge the best pos
sible system of roads and drainage, of parks
and boulevards, and especially commend all
efforts looking toward me reclamation of the
West Oakland marsh, which has been so long,
an v isightly menace to hetlthand a serious
hindrance to the progress of our city. We
recognise the condition of our publio streets
as one of the main factors uffecting the growth
and ,-irosperity or tnis city, imd w« indorse
the plan now being considered by the City
Council i t c'.assliying the same into main
thoroughfare*, business streets and residence
streets, and we recommend that our City
Council provide adequate means and facilities
for a systematic comae of repairs and main
tenance of ex stine improvements, and thut
ways and mea:is be immediately devised for
the reconstruction of our worn-out main
thoroughfares and business streets.
Third— We are unanimously opposed to a
dismiisal or any compromise of the Oakland
waterfront suits now pending in the Supreme
Court of Calilornia and demand of each and
every t>erson whose name msv be presented to
this convention as a nominating body a defi
nite expression in connection with this resolu
tion. We earnestly iavor municipal control
of the water f ont and for that reason oppose
all legislation designed 10 piece its manage
ment in the hands 01 the State or of any com
mission appointed by the State.
Fourth— We view with satisfaction the de
feat of the "Powers funding bt 11** in the House
of Representatives, and especially commend
our Representative, Hon. sj. G. Hilborn, for
his opposition thereto. We declare ourselves
unalterably opposed to any settlement of the
Pac.fic Railroad debts other than that pro
vided for by the present laws of the United
Slates.
Fifth— We believe that all corporations
should be made to strictly conform to ail laws
and ordinances governing the city for the
benefit ot tne people, that they must keep out
of politics and net seek to control nartv nom
inations or the action of municipal officers to
the detriment of the people and tne puoiic
good, and we thereiore condemn all efforts on
the part of county officers or other person or
corporation to obtain, influence or control in
municipa 1 . offic s for their own ends.
Sixth— W-e belieyv in the strict and rigid
regulation of the liquor traffic to the end that
the business may be confined as far as possible
to responsible pnrtiesand we pledge our nomi
nees for the Council to make strict investiga
tion of such permits In the residence portions
of the community and to summary closing
and removal of saloons in residence districts
where protests are tiled against them.
Stventh— We believe that the present policy
of dividing the fire h\drants between the two
water companies is against public safety, and
we instruct our nominees for the Council, if
elected, to altcrnaie the fire hydrants between
the two (.'ompanie-t, that In the event 01 flre
the city may have the full benefit of the serv
ices of to<h companies, and wiil have the
service of one in the event of the disabling of
the other.
Eighh— We believe in retaining all compe
tent >in<i honest public employes as a reward
for conscientious snrvice, and for that reason
we favor a discontinuance of annual elections
of public schoolteachers with a view of insur
ing them their positions during their effi
ciency and good behavior.
Lastly— We pledge our party and its nomi
nees to a generous policy of public improve
ments, carefully managed md conducted upon
business principles, that the people's money
shail not be squandered upon ill-conceived
enterprises badly supervised, and with none
to assume the responsibility.
The following resolution was then in
troduced and read by G. D. Gray:
The Republican party believes that the
right of majorities to rule is unquestioned,
aiid io thin end it pledges its nominees for
Mayor and Council in event of their election,
and in case a majority of the electors of this
city voting on the question express them
selves at the coming municipal election aa
favorable to closing on Sundays places where
spirituous or malt liquors or fermented wines
ore now sold, to immediately put in force an
ordinance to that effect.
A tribute to Colonel E. D. Baker was
adopted by a rising vote indorsing the bill
introduced in the Legislature of Califor
nia at its present vesaion by Hon. James
A. Waymire in the House and by Hon. F.
8. 8 i rat ton in the Senate to appropriate
$15,000 for the erection of a monument or
swaue in Golden Gate Park to commem
orate his memory and deeds.
As soon as nominations for Mayor were
declared in order Mr. Scupnam of the
Fourth Ward placed in nomination Cap
tain W. R. Thomas. Councilman Manuel
nominated John F. Towle.
There was considerable excitement
while the vote was being taken, and
eventually the count showed Thomas 90
and Towle 56.
R. W Snow was the only man placed
in nomination for Auditor. He was put
forward by J. A. titandelord, and as he
was not present there was but little en
thusiasm shown.
For the office of Treasurer N. S. Donglas,
Z. T. Gilpin and George Chase were nomi
nated and the vote showed Gilpin 92,
Douglas 32. Chase 22.
Mr. Douglas caused a chea/ to rise by
going on the platform with an American
flag and remarkine that without it there
was something lacking.
George B. Gray of the Fourth Ward
nominated Arthur W. Wilson for City
Engineer, and as there was no other
nominee he received the vote of the con
vention with acclamation.
There was no contest over the nomina
tion of City Attorney, and W. A. Dow
was nominated by acclamation.
For Councilmen at lari;e — D. C. Brown,
Fifth Ward; B. C. Cuvellier, Third ; P.
S. Page. Fifth; Giles H. Gray, G. J. W.
Stark. First; W. D. Hei'm-in. Fourth;
Will Pringle, Seventh; Joseph Harri-s,
Fifth; F. H. Boille, Second; Dr. Foster,
Seventh ; W. H. Quinn, Third.
The bn'lot showed the following vote:
Pringle yf>, Heitman &>. Siark 9), Bodle 40,
Hams 28. Cuveliier93, Page 57, Brown 48,
Foster 43.
As 74 votes were necessary to a choice
Pringle, Stark and CuveJier were declared
elected and another ballot was ordered for
the fourth nominee.
The vote showed that Heitman secured
just 74 votes — not one too many — and lie
was declared the nominee.
Dr. Myra Knox, J. W. Evan?, John
Russ ana John A. Britton were nomi
nated by acclamation ;or School Directors
at large. No o.her names were placed be
fore ihe convention.
Victor Metealf moved that candidates
for School Directors, not receiving any
pay, should not be assessed $5, and the
motion prevailed.
Five library trustees were ne.\t nomi
nated. The names of W. D. Amies, F. S.
Page, L. J. Harjy, B. A. Kabe and J. O.
Hoyi wer? placed before tiie convention
and were declared the nominees. The
election oi Ward Councilmen was next in
order. The nominations were: Kirn
Ward, Frank Mo:i; Second, Dr. P. S.
Boiile; »Third, M.W.Upton; Fourth, R.
J. Boyer; Fifth, P. M. Parcel Is; Sixth,
William Waikuißon; Seventh, H. D. Rowe.
For Schuol Director-- from t lie wards the
following were nominated: First Wurl,
C. H. Redineton; Second, Mark A.
Thomas; Third, Dr. J. H. Toild; Fourth,
Dr. D. A. MacMullan; Fifth, D.ivid Ruth
er.ord; Sixth, C. L. Ingler; Seventh, Dr.
W. J. Wiicox.
The city central committeeraen were
elected as folio s: First Ward, C. S. Wag
ner; Second Ward, E. H. Lake; Third
Wan). G. S. Meredith; Fourth Ward, M.
D. Herritt; Fifth Ward, Dr. H. B. Carl
ton; Sixth Ward, D. W. Doody; Seventh
Ward, G. R. Williams.
The convention then adjourned, with
the usual TOtes of thanks.
THE POPULIST MEETING.
Fall municipal Ticket Completed and
a Platform Adopted.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 19.— The People's
party, which have been in session two
evemnes, c mpleted tneir labors shortly
after 12:30 this morning. Their full muni
cipal ticket is as follows:
Mayor, S. Goodenough; City Attorney. J. K.
Peirsol; City Engineer, J. B. McMath; City
Treasurer, J. L. Maynsrd; City Auditor, J. J.
Warner; Councilmen-at- large, A. J. Gregg,
Fouith ward; J. C. Uuttner, Fifth ward; A. B.
Beuison, A. Bretz.
School Directors at Large— Dr. Myra Knox,
Sarah C. Borland, J. G. Chestnut, O. V. Bryan.
Library Trustees— W. B. Hardy, D. F. Young,
U. S. Papons, R. McE. Hunter, "L. H/vJgkins.
Ward Oouneilmon— First Ward, J. S. Col
burn; Second Ward, F. R. uirard; Third
\\ ard, Cnarles S. Bannrd; Fourth Ward, W.
K. Batten; Filth Ward, P. B. Preble; Sixth
Ward, D. R. Ford; Seventh Ward, T. T. Frick
stad.
Ward School Directors— First Ward, Richard
Fiege; Second Ward, J. R. Pu-ter; Third
Whni, C. R. McLicnnld; Fourth Ward, Robert
Peddie; Fifth Ward, Eh Matthews; Sixth
Ward, K. O. Whitehead; Seventh Ward, E. A.
Moody.
New Central Committee— First Ward, George
Heritage, F. T. Hale; Second Ward, Louis
Harkman, W. H. Chapman ; Third Wnrd, C. li.
Matthews, J. W. McCombs; Fourth Ward, A.
A. Denison, Robert Peddie; Fifth Ward, J. C.
Buttner, Eli Matthews; Sixth Wa;d, J. Hop
kirk, L. M. Frick; Seventh Ward, J. L. May
uard, T. T. Frickstad ; at large, C. T. Johns.
The platform demands the prosecution
of the water front suits, good roads and
municipal ownership of public utilities.
It also demands that laborers who toil for
tha city be paid in cash instead of warrants
winch they hay« to shave.
A resolution was handed to the secre
tary iudorsine by name the members of
Congress who voted against the funding
bill, but as tne funding bill was provided
for in the platform it was tabled without
consideration.
EXPENSES AT A GLANCE.
Auditor Snow Adopts a Com
prehensive Method of Mak
ing Oit Reports.
Sluients of Municipal Government
Would Like to Sse It Used
in Every C ty.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Jan. 19. f
Auditor Snow has adopted the plan
formulated by Professor F. R. Clow, an
Eastern profess r, in making out his
most recent municipal report. It is the
most comprehensive method yet prac
ticed, and shows more at one glance than
it is usual to fina in municipal reports
after several hours' study.
Instead of a multitude of small ac
count?, Mr. Snow has divided the city's
expenditures into soven heads. They are
as follows: Maintenance of the city pov
ernment, public safety, public conven
ience, care of certain classes, higher ob
jects, quasi-private undertakings, payment
of bonded debt and interest.
"It is the purpose of this report," said Mr.
Snow, "to set forth in the simplest man
ner the income of the city ami the cost of
every department for the last lifty years.
Few complexities will be found, salaries,
repairs and new construction appearing in
the department to which they beiong, and
clearness has not in any case been sacri
ficed for administrative or any other
reason.
"The hope has been expressed by stu
dents of municipal finance that the form
of report by the city of Oakland bine c
1889 will be adopted by ail the cities oi the
United States, and also that a summary of
the expenditures be added for the purpose
of comparison. The plan of this sum
mary has been the subject of considerable
study, and I have concluded to follow in
part Wagner of Germany and Professor
Frederick R. Clow of the United States."
A recapitulation of the city's expenses
under the heads already mentioned gives
the following figures, the "extraor
dinary"' column indicating amounts not
needed for the ordinary conduct of the
variout departments :
Ordinary. Extntor-
Malntenance of the city dinary.
jioverment $59,894 40 »8,390 62
Pobllc safety 187,98188 8,439 60
Public convenience 139,184 54 21.616 73
Care of certain classes. .. 4.2-8 48 10 00
H gher otjects -88,347 73 33,4a8 88
Qu«Bi-prlvate undertak
ings 1.974 78 3.243 46
Paytnems on bonded
debt and Interest 37,208 25 32.000 00
Totals »498,660 06 $10^,028 28
Paid from State and
county fundi for the
additional support of
scnools 1180,638 32 $8,735 55
Totals $679.088 38 $110,763 83
Ordinary exp«ndlt,ures.. s679,oßß 38
Extraordinary expendi
tures 110,763 83
Total $789,852 91
Married the Postmistragg.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 19.— Miss Beebe,
who is employed as postmistress and tele
phone operator in Mr. Richardson's store
at Alvarado, to-day came to this city in
company with Mr. Richardson, and with
out giving their friends any warning they
were married. No one knew of their in
tention till they returned to Aiv&rado.
HE KEPT WATCH
IN A TREETOP
Peculiar Behavior of an
Agent of a Patent Fish
plate Company.
Employed Watchmen to Protect
the Track, but Forgot to
Pay Them.
To.d Rtmarkab c Ta'es About Rivjis
Who Were Attempting to
Ruin Him.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Jan. 19. f
A. TomDfeins, who claims to be the pro
moier of a patent for laving streetcar
track*, has been operating in Fruitvale,
and a number oi men who have been
working for htm would like to know his
present location.
The promoter made use of business cards
which stated that he was the sole Califor
nia agent for the Wooley patent fishplate
and bolt an<l obtained permission from tbe
Hay wards Electric Railroad to place some
of his bolts on a section of their road at
Fruhvale.
After putting the bolts and plates in po
sition Tompkins hired half a dozen men,
half of whom watch by day and the other
half by night. They were told that there
was a conspiracy on foot to injure these
plates in such a manner as to make them
appear of no vaiue. Each watchman was
secretly instructed to keep watch on his
neighbor, and was given to understand
that his fellow- watchers had been bought
to stand in with a rival company and
work an injury to the Tompkins patent.
At all hours of the night Tompkins
wouid disguise himself and go down to
the tracks for the puopose of seeing
whether his men were on duty. On sev
eral occasions bis men were so conscien
tious that Tompkins, who had started to
meddle with the fishplates, was quite
roughly handled before his watchmen
were convinced of his identity.
On an another occasion Tompkins went
down at night to see if his men were faith
ful, and he climbed up into a tree from
wnere he could watch. While up the tree
he fell usleep and tumbled to the ground,
and some of his watchmen picked him up.
After this Kind of business had been
kept up for a week the men wanted their
pay. and at this juncture Mr. Tom [kins
seems to have taken a trip to some other
city, for he cannot be lound, although
Deputy Constable Robinson has visited all
the places where Tompkins would be
likely to be.
A. L. Stone, secretary of the Haywards
road, said to-day that their superintend
ent, Gustafsou, had given Tomkins per
mission to lay some fishplates as an
cxi eriment on tneir track at Fruitvale.
Nothing was paid him for his trouble, and
the company did not bind itself to do any
business with Tompkins.
On account of his connection with a
firm which was important enough to make
experiments and pay for a small crowd of
watchmen, Thompkins' credit was very
good, ami accor. line to Constable Robin
son he appr ciated his standing and took
advantage of it. He has not yet turned
up, and those watchmen go down at night
to watch tnose plates no more. They are
now diligently watching for Tompkins'
return.
DUREELL A WITNESS.
He Is Asked to Tell Whether Unda'a
Saloon Was Kept Open
Too Late.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 19.— Marshal
Lloyd's campaign against Saloon-keeper
Unda of West Berkeley developed a new
and startling sensation to-day, when it
was found that Lloya had summoned as a
witness in the case G. G. Durrell, Trustee
of Ward 5.
The Marshal is endeavoring to prove
that Unda committed perjury in swearing
that his saloon was never kept open after
midnight. Berkeley has an ordinance
prohibiting such establishments from
doing business after that hour. It is said
that Durrell was one of the alter-midnignt
customers of Unda, and he was called by
Lloyd to tell what he knows about the
nours kept by the saloon man.
Durrell is one of the Trustees who
framed the ordinance regulating liquor
establishments. He has represented the
Fifth Ward of West Berkeley since ;he
last election.
The Vaccination Fight.
BERKELEY, Cal.. Jan. 19.— Health
Officer Rowell and School Director Norton
have foug t out their battle over tne
matter of vaccination and, after mutual
withdrawals of statements attributed to
them, peace reigns.
The Health Officer addressed a letter to
the Board of Education, in which he ex
pressed his opinion of the Lorin member
in no uncertain words. He said :
"It is apparent that a statement of this
s-ort, coming from an opponent of vac
cination, is offered in little short of a
malicious and contemptible spin;, and is
characteristic of that class of carping ob
structionists who view life from a 15-cent
standpoint ana place at defiance laws
passed by the State and regarded by many
people of common sense as beneficial."
Mr. Norton told of reports that had
come to his ears which he thought justi
fied his assertions.
The board again decided that it had no
option but to enforce vaccination, and all
pupils in the public schools will have to
take the smallpox prevention, except such
aB are likely to be injured thereby.
New School I>irector.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan, 19.— The resig
nation of George A. Norton, School Direc
tor ot the Fiftn Ward, has been accepted
by the board of Education. J. S. Crew,
whom Mr. Norton recommended for the
place, was chosen to fill the vacancy.
Orchestral Concert.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 19— The famous
Congregational Sunday- school orchestra
of this city, which has become known
throughout the State by reason of having
furnished music at the last five Christian
Kndeavor conventions, will give its first
concert since t c old leader, Alex Stewart,
retired to go East and the new leader,
William J; McCoy, accepted the leader
ship, Friday evening. Mrs. Katherine
Fleming- Hlnriobs will be the chief vocal
attraction. No doubt the Congregational
Church will be tilled to overflow.
A Husband Wanted.
OAKLAND, Cal, Jan. 39.— Mrs. Wil
liam St. John qf Kearney Nebr., arrived
in this city yesterday afternoon with her
four children, the oldest only five years of
age. Her husband failed to meet her as
CASTORIA
For Infants and. Children. /
The f*»- rf
.tt *~#<aSVz7 : Ct4c4U4(
Auction Balee
L. H. BIRD, AUCTIONEER,
Office ....... ........... all I-arkin Street
AT BUKI!IF*"S WAREHOUSE :
THIS DAY,
Wednesday January 20. \S3 7.
At 11 A. M., by order James McMillan,
A LARQEyLOT of HJKMTUKH and BEDDINQ
To pay storage chuiges. Also slock of Hardware,
consisting of 2J Fine Kane s; hl,o large Lot of
Tinware; a so a lo; of Resmurant CrocKery. •
U H. P.I" HO. Auctioneer.
exp'-ctea and she was cared for by Mrs.
Keikyofihe Associaied Charities. The
\vif<- and mother is anxious to learu of hia
whereabouts, as she believes he is in the
c ty and not expecting tier until a later
date. She came in response to his tele
gram, he having come on first and 3ecured
work.
A Burglar Quickly Caught.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 18.— H. Monsen's
house, near De.joto, was entered by burg
lars recently and a large quantity of
jewelry was stolen. The burg.ary was
reported to Marsha! Rauiaee of H;ty
war.ls, and some timo later Constable
Lyster learne.l that a man had bean :-e!l
--ini; jewelry at Pleasanion very cheaply.
Mr. Lyster arrested the man, who had
some of the stolen articles upon him. He
said hia name was John Jennings and
that he was released from San Quentin
last week.
A TOUR OF VISITATIONS.
Recept on to the Grand Master
of the Uiited Oid
Fellows.
The Nob c Grand Arch of the Diuids
Visiting Grcves— Court Robin
Heed's Insta lation.
Grand Master John G. Wilson of the
Grand United Order of Odd Fellows (col'
ored) is at present making a tour of visita
tion of the lodges of the State, and ne i*
accompanied by J. Rivers, P. G. M. On
Monday night he was with Occidental
lodge in Oakland. To-morrow he will
visit Golden Gate lodge in this City.
Thursday he will be in San Jose, Friday
he will visit Ariel Lodge in this City, Sat
urday be will meet with the execut've
council, and on Sunday be will start for
'he southern part of the State to visit the
lodges there.
Last evening be was gendered a recep
tion in Shiels building by the executive
council under the auspices of the dist:ict
grand lodge and there was a large attend
ance ot members of the order and their
friends William M. Stevens delivered
the address of welcome; there was instru
mental music by the orchestra, recitation
by C. H. Finley; vocal solo, Miss Kate
Grasser; select reading, Misa B. Harris,
and an address by the grand master, after
which t! ere was a dance which was kept
up until a late hour.
The Druids.
Noble Grand Arch Devoto, Grand Secretary
Mollison and other grand officers paid an offi
cial visit Monday to Vasco de Gama Grove, in
Red Men's Hall, and were well received. They
found the grove in a flourishing condition. At
the close of the session the visiting officers
were entertained at a Danquet.
Lasi Friday night the erand officers offi
cially visited Livermore Grove, where they
were greeted by the bruids of that grove and a
! large delegation from P.easantou.
10-night tney will visit Petaiuma, where
there will be v joint session of Petaiuma and
Cypress groves.
Last Saturday Golden Gate Circle had two
candidates initiated in a most satisfactory
manuer by Noble Grand Arch James A. De
voto. four applications were received.
To-morrow evening there will be a prelim
io«ry meeting of those Native Sons who will
organize * new strove. Among those who will
become Druids are: Judge J E. Barry, Judsje
J. A.Carroll, Dr. J. F. Glover, Dr. DmnelJy,
John J. Grief, Robert F. Kelly, Robert Hesßion,
Alt Rahwyler, Dr. Zimmerman, Frar.k Marini,
\V. H. Thornier, Paul Sonntag, Robert Morton,
Lawrence Graves and John Sutton.
Court Kobin Hood, F. of A.
The following named have been installed as
the officers of Court Robin Hood for trie ensu
ing term: E. J. P, ORiley, C. R. ; W. J. Mit
chell, S. C. R.; Joseph Hatik-U, T. (re-elected) ;
\V. 11. Johnson, F. S. (re-elected); Henry Meyer,
R. & (re-elect d): Henry Meloy, S. W. ; F. C.
Henslev, J. W.J M. Michaleson, S. B. ; O. J.
Jolly, J. B. (re-elected); John Mclvor, trustee
(re-elected); Wi. Ham J. Jones, J. P. C. R. The
ceremony was followed by a smoker, when a
short programme was presented, and the fol
lowing named furnished entertainment: Joe
Hansen, E. Hirshberg, D. D. Connolly, John
Kelly and M. Trainor. Past Chief Ranger
Haughy was ma-ster of ceremonies. During
the evening F. C. Hensley, J. \V., on behalf of
the court, presented 10 the retiring chief ranger
a very flue gold co.am with locket set with
diamonds in appreciation of services during
his term.
Professor C. L. Cary, pro lessor of mechanical
and electrical engineering at the University of
California, has submi tte<l a panial report of
the test of the electrical lighting plant made
on the 29th and 30th ult. He finds that every
thing surpasses the guarantee.
NEW TO-DAT
■ .TO.fIf:PAN.
THE METHOD OF A GREAT TREATMENT
for miMm OF Ml
WHICH (URKD HIM AFTER EVERY-
THING ELSE FAILED.
Painful diseases are bad enough, but when a
•man is slowly wasting away with nervous
weakness the mental forebodings are ten
times worse than the most severe pain. There
is no let up to the mental suffering day or
night. Sleep is almost impossible, and under
such a strain men are scarcely responsible for
what they do. For years the writer rolled and
tossed on the troubled sea of sexual weakness
until it was a question whether he had not
better take a dose of poison and thus end all
his throubles. But providential inspiration
came to his aid in the shape of a combination
of medicines that not only completely restored
the general health, - but enlarged his weak,
emaciated parts to natural size and vigor, and
he now declares that any man who will take
the trouble to send his name and address may
have the method of this wonderful treatment
free. . Now, when I say free I mean absolutely
without cost, because I want every weakened
man to get the benefit of my experience.
lam not a philanthropist, ' nor do I pose as
an enthusiast, but there are thousands of men
suffering the mental tortures of weakened
manhood who would be cured at once could
they but get such a remedy as the one that
cured me. Do not try to study out how I can
afford to pay the few postage-stamps necessary
to mall the information, but send for it ana
learn that there are a few things on earth
that, although they cost nothing to get, are
worth a fortune to some men and mean a life-
time of happiness to most or us. Write to
Thomas Slater, box 2283, Kaiamazoo, Mich.,
and the information will be mailed in a plain
sealed envelope. - ■■. -•■-..-
OCEAN TRAVEL. • ;
PNPIIIIIiI ** ' p> AUSTRALIA for
WPJttHiL HONOLULU only,
ivrnillt Tuesday. Jtnuar .'6,
■ -, «•f- h. Special party
(s^/ i • \ rates. .
SlPJiniSlllDcJ The H. S. MONO WAI
CyiCgillJlllUr..' sails- via HONOLULCT
(Offißuftlh and AUCKLAND tot
VyiipUltfep BYDNKY. Thursday,
February 4. at 2 p. m 1 •• ' • ,
I .LInetoCOOLQAKDIK. Aust.,ftnd CAPETOWN
South Africa. . . ■ - ;
J. D. HPRKCKELS & BROS. CO- Agent*.
'■■••■; • ■ -' 114 Montgomery street •
Freight Office, 327 Market st. Sim KrancKao. .
FOR MS JOSE, LOS GATOS & SASTA CRUZ
STKAMKK ALVISO LEAVES PIKK 1 MOV-
'O nay. Wednesday, Friday, , at, 10 a. if. Alvfso
1 uesclav. Thursday, Saturday, at 3p. v.. Freight
and Passenger. F»re between San Francisco and
Alviso, 50c; to. S:iu Jose, 75u. , U*y ml, Lot 1.
'M W. bull* Cl»r» »i., ami Jos*
AUCTION SALE.
By Order
£& OF
Assignee at (be - ew York Stables, 507
Jes-iie Street, Above Sixth,
We will sell to the highest bidder, Thursday, Janu-
ary 21, at 11 a. m.. 1 pair Bay Horses: 1 Double
) am ss,'Kobe,sVhlp and BlauKu: Brewster
Bug<y, 1 ole and shafts; aso 3 good Bust nesi
Horses: a Topßusgies; 2 Open Buggies: 1
Grocery Wason, 1 Top Laundry Wagon. 1 Top
Rockaway. 1 Butcher Cart; 7 sets Single Har-
ness: a!so a Gentle Pony, for lady or boy to
drive or ride. This stock cau be seen after
'1 uesday, January 19, 1897, aid must be sold
without reserve or limit.
M. J. McBRIDK, Auctioneer.
T.HE
WEEKLY
G7ILL
o/ It Publishes the Cream of the
gj : News of the Week and
ol MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
Jt , ORIGINAL FEATURES. '
I IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
°\ PAPER ON THE
ol PACIFIC COAST
3 Always Republican, but Always
j*j Fair and Impartial in Its
°\ Rendering of the Po-
ol litical News.
OL •
3 It's the Paper to Send East II
I 3 ' You Want to Advertise
~1 California.
i 3 \ / '
1) The Best \ / Mining .
°j Telegraphic \/ News That
°> Service on v^\. Is Accurate
;ol The Coast / \& up to date
01 / \ m
ol *
\°S Not a Line of it Sensational
|ol or Faky, and Not a Line of
;oc it Dry or Uninteresting.
5 A PAPER FOR THE COUNTRY FIRESIDE.
IrJ Bright, Clean, A Champ-on of
! J Thoughtful. Truth.
l) A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
3 ALL THE TIME.
l) IT ADVOCATES SENT BY
HOME MAIL, SS.SO
oi INDUSTRIES A YEAR.
2 THE CALL SPEAKS FOR /OX
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 KEAKSY ST. Established
in 15?.4 fur the treatment Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. - Debility or
disease wearingon bodyand mind and
Skin Diseases. The doctorcures when
others fail. ■ Try him. Charges low.
Cnrr»Knaranlrpd. Callorwrite.
iir.J. »'. ufBBON.BOKIB37.San Francisco.
OCEAN TRAVEL
nemo coast steamship CO.
STEAMERS LEAVE BROADWAY A«
wharf, San Francisco, as follows: . •^ S *^T
For Mary Island, LorinK, Wrangel. Juneau, Kll-
llsnoo and Sitka (Alaska), at 0 a. m., Jan. 9, '24.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, T aroma, Everett, Anacortes and
New W atcom (Bellineham Bay, Wash.), 9 a. v. '
Jan. 4,9, 14, 19,24,-29, and every rtfth day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P. K.
X., atTaconaa with N. P. R. R., at Seattle with U.
X. Ky., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For F.ureka, Arca'a and Fields Landing (Hum.
boldt B»v), str. Pomona '2 p. m., Jan. 4, 8, 12, 16,
1:0. 24, 28. and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cayucos,
Port Harford (San I tils Obispo), Gnvlr\ Santa
Barbara, Ventura. Hneneme, ban Pedro, E .-.st San
Pedro (Los Anceles) and Newport, at 9 a. U.
Jan. X, 0, 10, 14, 18, 2 2, 26, SO, and every louriu
day thereafter. .:•■
For san Diego, stopping only at Port Harrord
(San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Lo» An-
feles. Kedondo (Los .Angeles) and Newport, 11
a.m. Jan. 4, 8. 12. 16, 30, 24, 28, and every fourta
. day thereafter.
For Ensenada, San Jose del Cabo. Mazatlan, La
Paz and Guaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
a. If. 25th of each month.
1 he Company reserves right to change steamers
or sailing dates. . Ticket office— Palace Hotel, 4,
New Montgomery street.
GOOD ALL, PERKINS <& CO., Gen'l -Went*.
10 Market st., San Francisco.
THE O. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTL j9I3V X>
From Spear-street Wharf, at II) a. x.
T? A pxprsia First-ola«» \ Including
J?i\XLj2i\)Bi6 Second-clu«a /berth 4 meats
• SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Columbia. Jan. 8, 13. .'3, Feb. 2
State of California Jan. 8 18. 28, Feb. 7
Through tickets and through bagga;e to all
Eastern points. Bates ana, folders upou appllc*-
uou to
. F. F. CONNOR. Oene-al Aeont.
630 Market street.
GOODALJU PERKINS CO.. iiuperinteudeui)
COJihGSIE GESEHAL .TRIISiTUITIQIII
French Line to Havre.
/COMPANY'S PIER(SEW),42.NOKTH AjgS_
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by K **oe
this line avoid both transit by English railway an I
the discomfort of crossing; the channel In a small
boat. .New Yorii to Alexa dria. Egyp:, via Paris,
first class $160, second class 116.
LA GASCOONE Jan. 30, 9a M.
LA BKETAGNK. ..... Feb. 6, SA. M.
LA NORMAVDIE.. Feb. 13, 9 a.m.
LA BOURGOONE.. Feb. 20. 5 a.m.
LA CHAMPAGNE... ......Feb. 27, 8:30 a. it
JB3T For further particulars apply to
. A. FO h.T, A gent.
No. 3. Bowling Green. New York.
- J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Agents. 5 Montgomery
avenue. San Francisco. ■
WHITE .STAR LOB.
United States and Royal Hail Steamer)
; BKTWKKS •
New York, Queenstown & Liverpool.
CABIN, $50 AND UPWARD, ACCORD- jßglk^
\J Ing to steamer and accommodations «HB
Delected : second cabin, #12 50 and i 60: M«j«ri.is
an. l Teutonic. Steerags Tickets from England, Ire-
land, Scotland. Sweden, Norway end Denmark
through to San Francisco at lowest rates. 1 Icketv
Bailing dates and cabin plans may be procured
from W. H. A VERY, Pacific Mall Dock, or at tu*
General Office of the Company, 613 Market
under Graad HoteL U. W. FLETCHER.
. . General Agennor Pacinc Uoatt.
STOCKTOS STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St«
At «P. : Mr Daily. *"r«lKlit received -up
.. :■■• to >:3i> I*. 31.
*3- Accommodations Reserved by Telephone-
The only lln» se.lln. through tickets ami giving
through freight rates to all pom.so u Valley
Rallroaa. , gTEAMERS: •
T. C. Walker. ! ' <J. »• «* e . r V .
Mary Gamut, City or Stockton.
'ieiephoiiß -Miun 805. Cat. »aV. a a Imps. C»
F0& VALLEJO ASD U. S. IATY-fAKBL
STKASIEH "MONTICKLLO,"
Daily ex. Saturday & Sun.. 10:30 a. ic and 4 p c
Saturdays ... »10:30 A. M., 4 p. X. -4
Sundays .:........; :.:........ 8 r. i4> <
Landing Mlsslon-stree Do?k : Pier A '
. ;. ..-.-. Telephone Black '-'til. .
•Trip gives 6 hours stop ac Navy- Yard - -
. ■ - ■ iTciiii.^vi'iniirnnnri .ili'.-ltmniiri v , ---
1112
"SKEETS" MARTIN
WON THE RACE
The Local Boy Rode a
Pretty Race Astride
Ferrier.
Fly Saved the Day for the
Favorites by Taking the
Last Event
Duke of York 11, a Brother to Carmel ]
ani True Blue, Outfcoted His
Company.
To use an expression often beard in the
"pumpkin country" "Skeets" Martin is
getting to be a "right pert young feller"
in the saddle. He sat astride of the big
chestnut horse Ferrier in the seven-fur
long event run at Emeryville track yes
terday and the most exacting critic could
hardly nave picked a flaw in the ride he ■
finished. To be sure he had much the
best of the weights over the 3to 2 choice
Preston, bat this detracts not the least
from the clever manner with which he
handled his moust Salisbury 11, the
outsider in the betting among the five
starters, piloted by Thorpe, cut out a
merry clip to the stretch witn Preston at
his heels and Ferrier at the latter's side.
Once straightened for the wire "Skeets"
Martin let oat a wrap on Ferrier and the
big horse took command. Willie Martin,
on the favorite, rode the brown horse
hard, but the difference was too wide and I
Walter Hobart's chestnut won handily by
a length in 1:27. Hard ridden by Doggett,
Installator was a good third.
The winner was as good as 16 to 5 in the
betting at post time.
The cruel, bamh trade winds that blow
in through the beautiful Golden Gate,
sweeping Emeryville and its environs, had |
their usual rancorous effects on the favor- i
ites. Fly, a 1 to 2 chance in tne closing j
race with no chance of losing except by j
falling dead on the course, won. The j
other choices of the talent perished mis
srably.
Monitor, the 9 to 5 choice among the
thirteen starters in the opening six-fur- j
long scramole, flattered his backers by j
leading to the stretch, when he began to j
tire. Banjo, a2sto 1 shot, tben looked a !
winner to within forty yards of the finish \
wliere he was passed and beaten out by ;
Purser's Abalanzar, apainst which 12 to 1 1
was obtainable around post time.
The three-furlong dash saw nine babies
from the Kindergarten take a lesson in rac
ing. A hot tip made Blitz, the Burns &
Watei-house entry, an 8 to 5 favorite, but
he never got near tbe front. Duke of
York 11, with 15 to 1 against him in the
ring, was iir3t all the way, leading out
Boadicea by a couple of length? at the
tape in 36J-j' seconds. Count of Flanders
wa? a lair third, in front of Ezell's On Gua
Nita.
? [Bookmaker John Humphreys' gelding
itt:e Cripple was dished up as the proper
thing lor the mile aDd a lurlong selling
event. He was backed from threes to 13 to
5, but ran as tbougli staie, never cutting
much of a figure. In a drive Slaughter
got Doyle, the second choice, past the
judges half a length ahead of Scimitar in
1:55, a very fair performance. Hermanita
v>a~- third, a head away.
Fiy had nothing to beat in the conclud
ing six-furlong spin and spread-eagled the
crowd opposed to him, winning under a
pull in 1:14%. Woodchopper was second,
half a lengtu before Blue Bell.
>"OTISS.
'"Curley" Shields, owner of Scimitar,
was questioned by the judges at the con
clusion of the third race regarding the
improved sjiowing made by the brown
horae over his last public appearance.
Mr. Shields stated that in the race pre
ceding the one of yesterday Scimitar
twisted one of his plates, which explana
tion was quite satisfactory.
Louis Ezell was also questioned regard
ing the poor showing made by Unity.
The horse had a hard race on Monday,
and as Mr. Ezell produced tickets showing
that he had backed his horse with Cook &
Co. and the Richmond Club he was exon
erated from any wrongdoing.
Ed Purser aid not consider Abalanzar
THE "CALL" RACING GUIDE.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB. Oakland Racetrack. Tuesday. January 19. Thirty-fifth
day of the winter meeting, i 896-97. Weather fine. Track fast.
;: purse
276
876
409 I
369 I
387
387
39U
vt-o
387 1
396
.*BB
260
382
I Horse, app. welcht.
lAbalanzar, 4 99 7
Banjo, a 99 2
jHazei D, 4 98 3
Ulonitor, 4 iOi i
Nervo*o, 5 99i U)
lrma, 5 97 1 6
Myron. 5 108 4
Arundol. a 106| M
I Greenback Jr, 5. ..07 IS
Tonino, 4 10H| 8
Monterey. 5 106 12
.luck Atkins, 4... 96 11
PecKsnifP 9
I
I
7 n
Ik
6 v 3
61
4 1
10 i/a
IHI
BV4
12 i
11 1
»%
'2
5%
2Mj
7 1
1 1
58
3 Va
10 *
12
8
13
11
9
: Str. Fin.
~^h 1y !
21 2 3
5 1/2 3 h
11 4b
4 y 3 6 3
6 1 6 V, I
TV% 73
9 8 1
10 9 1
8 10 1
11 11 1
13 12 4
12 13
Clawson
Spencer
Keldy
Jones
H. Mania ......
Mite. e:i
shepherd
Thorpe.....
Keeves...;
T. Mcllugh
"olden
Joe Weber
Bergen..
Hetting.
On. Cl.
20
10
10
7-8
60
6
100
2 1
30
30
6
12
20
12
9-6
7-3
60
SO
10
200
50
100
50
6
i
i
I
!
I
Good start. Wonhandily. Winner, Cambridge s eble's b h., by Bramble- flotilla. Time, l:lsi£.
41 I SECOND RACK- Three-eighths of a mile; two-year-olds; purse 5350.
399 I Duke of York 1L.103
399 IBodacia 1001
HB9 Count cf yianderslO3
3*T» < n Gua Niia. 100
Queen Mab 105
irrliator 10»
Blitz 108
399 jGunst IOS
IVreeland 08
Horse, weight.
I ::::::::
3
4
6
2
7
8
9
!
% Str.
12 ":
43
'. 2h
31
........ 6
62
73
8
9
Fin.
12"
2 2
33
4 3
63
6 •-'
74
8*
Spencer....... ..
H. iiartin
SlaUKhter........
Claws on
T. »lcHu-h ....
Henneisy
Jone-...*.
I Thompson
I Shaw
6
2
6
4
*
6
2
6
15
9-5
6
8
20
8-5
15
•*
::::::::
........
1
Good start. VVon easily. Winner, L. M. A
/ 2 . * Con 1 lerl with I n i-iih Nita. •* Couplet
ipleby's eh. a, by Duke of JVorfolk-Cartneu. Time,
wlih Gunst.
A] r) THIRD KA
1; selling; purse $400.
Index
II
dcx. Horse, age, weight. St. j S'.d. |14 | % % Str. | Fin.
393 Doyle, &..... 103 4 21 31 :42 43 4 3 11 V*
397 Scimitar, 4 104 1 41 2Vi 22 lh 12 2 h
407 Hermanita, 6 K-4 5,5 1 4V, 3h 3V3 2h 13 10
597 -ea -pray, 5 103 2HA IiUIU 21 81 4 4
407 Unity, 4 103 73] ?|5%,7 7 ■ 7 s^,
378 Little Cripple.alO4i /2 6 7 16 5^ 15 V 2 5V 2 6 4
365 KarlCochran, 4..i04 3 6 lV 2 7 63 68 63 7
Horse, age, weight. |
Hauehter
Joni-8
H. Martin.
I lawMuti
T. McHugh
Thorpe. .,
i.loe Weber
Jockry.
3
8
3
8
4
3
12
3
7
6
10
6
6-2
30
Good start. Won driving.
Winner, B Scbrelber's b. g.. by Macl>uff-MUi Ijiwrence. Time, 1:56.
A 1 O FOUKTH KA
aod upward; parse $500.
ndex. Horse, age. weight. St. l 14 % "A ' r -
-395 Ferrier, a. .100 4 4n 3h 3 ]y 2 2Va
402 Preston, 5 109 2 216 2 1 2h 3Vi
(40.) lustallator, 5 110 3 6 4h 4h 4i
384 Salisoury 11, 4....107 1 11 12 llti 1 V*.
(352) j Yankee Doodle, lo9 5 3 1/2 i 5 6 5
Tin.
1 1
2 2
3 3
4 2
5
U. Martin
W. Mariin
Domett
Thorpe
Coady
2;
3-2
4
10
4
3
32
4
12
11-2
Good start.
1 :27.
iy.
a-I a FIFTH RACE— Three-quarters of
•na upward; purse »300.
Index.
(398)
388
3HO
880
369
:-9K
387
407
-364
B&i>
893
175
Horse, age, weight.'
Fly, a.... ...... .106 -
Woodchoppr.a. 109
Blue Be I, a.... iO> |
St. Aiffn0n,4...104
Detective, 5... .1i. 9%
m erica, 5. 97
Mahogany. a. ..101
Foremost. 5 99 j
Cadenza. 4..... 94
Fannie K. 5. ...101
St. Apollo, .118 j
I Miss Gentry, a. 97 ;
Ist. Vt
~r
2
7
8
8
6
6
9
10
11 .......
4
left
1 3
6 1
6 2
8 Va
10
11
41
1 4
2 1
61
.81
&*
ii '
31
1 6
2 3
4 1
S4*
« 1
61
7%
10 2
11
»1
Fin.
16
I?
41
6 2
6 1
7 1%
8.2
96
10
11 .
12
H. Martin
Thorpe
I Hennessey
jH. Brown
2 5
5
8
15
15
15
60
29
20
300
6J
20
1-2
6
10
15
30
20
100
25
40
600
-75
60
Coady.. ;....;...'
it'la«.«on ......".
J McDonald....
Maughter. ......
Keidy. ..;......
G. Wi150n.......
> 0zeman.. ......
I Stevens
■tart lor all bu. Miss Gentry. Won easily. Winner, Lassen stable's en. g., by Ileveille-
s J^ast. Time, l:l4Vi.
worth a bet, and missed an opportunity to
make a mild "killing."
Duke of York 11, winner of the two
year-old event, is a handsome chestnut
and full brother to the erratic Carmel and
the good perlormer, as a two-year-old,
True Biu*. He was bred by P. J. Dona
hue at Laurelwood stock farm, Santa
Clara County, and that gentleman was
quite elated over the younsster's victory.
Me bids fair to eclipse both of his brothers
in creating a shining turf mark.
The Golden Horn filly down on the pro
gramme as La Brisca was scratched Irom
the two-year-old race. She has been re
named Golden Echo by Owner Jack Fol
lansbee.
On Saturday evening, January 30, the
jockeys will give a grand ball at Union
Square Hal! in this City, and they intend
it shall be one of the events of the season.
Prizes, consisting of a handsome saddle,
whip and spurs and riding-boots, will be
given to the most graceful jociey dancers.
It is the first affair of the kind ever given
here, and the knights of the pigskin can
rest assured of a big attendance.
The following weights have been an
nounced bj the official handicapper for
the entries to the Alameda handicap at
one mile to be decided on Saturday, Janu
ary 23.
Mt. McGregor II 11 8! Summertime. 101
Sweet Faverdale 106 Caliente 100
Casper 90 Don Gara...., »6
Candelarla. 95 Peter the Second — 96
Yankee Doodle Itiß 1 Nebuchadnezzar. — 98
Applause 105 The Roman *»0
Scarf Pin 92 Grace F. 80
Bnclcwa 11H Miss Ruth of)
Joan 90 Zaraar il 85
Redskin 107 1 Mary Nieves 80
California 98j;rannan 100
'irappean 9-MSly 88
Vising 85 Tbelnia 88
Judge Denny 9 1 Coda »•>
semper Lex 103 Dura 80
Ruinart. 103 Senator Grady 108
Sir Play 104 Imp. Friar 93
Lobengula. 100 Hallelujah. 80
LucKy Dog 110 Bernardino H8
St. Lee 113 Lady Diamond 9/
Ail Over 100 Aquinas 99
Service 100 be Morris 85
Alvarado 104 Howar-i S 102
Lincoln II 9d Gratify 80
Winners after January 19 carry 5 pounds extra.
Following are to-day's entries:
First race, selling, seven-eighths of a mile:
409 Coda 99 346 Doctor G 101
396 Tim Murphy.. .lol 574 Kicardo 104
397 Trix 104 (376) Boreas ....104
088 Seaside.. 99 38N Two Cheers.... 101
387 Double Quick.. lol 1 387 Allahabad 101
3*B Gold Bug 101 1 391 Kowalsky 101
Second race, purse, eleven-sixteen.hs of a mile;
.... Lovelock 101 398 William Pink
-281 Classis 103 erton 113
409 Isabelle ill 387 Mt. Roy 117
410 Hazel D 11l .... Mirnrion* 117
3*6 I" F 101 350 Jim Blackburn.lo4
371 Caspar ...104! 4'J6 Basqull 94
398 Quicksilver 1-JOi 394 Bernardino 101
401 hey del Tlerra.lo4 387 sir Richard 120
Third race, throe-quarters of a mile, the Cali
fornia maiden slake.
277 Etta H 124! 2M7 Ilanett* 121
392 James Porteus, 115* 277 Mauzanlllo 123
357 Harold Lindsay! 15 370 The Tourist. ...lls
231 Nebu:a... 110 377 Mystic Maze.. .128
(4U5)J > ko'l.auteru..li>3 .... Grace X 117
357 Nonchalauce...li6 375 Redfork 110
394 Arezzo 129 .... Aharon Lass.... 117
401 Sly 124 *76 Bernard 112
377 sen'r Morgan. .l 23 .... Receive 117
Fourth race, handicap, one and a sixteenth,
miies.
379 Thelma 88 (390)FlashliKbt 105
400 McCiregor..lo9 346 Lobengula 88
408 Schiller 105 413 Yankee Doodle. 107
35» St. Lee 1...112 402 We. of Fortune.lo7
402 Argentina...... 10b (382) Applause 105
Fifth race, one and a Quarter miles, hurdle, han
dicap.
(38 Three Forks ...166! 410 ArundeJ 130
403 Imp. Autonomy IPO 99 Hold Dust 138
(40S)FiFI 132 335 Brilliant 131
403 JOC *....I<B 403 Broad 8i110w... 125
403 F.eetwood 130 397 Tuxedo 123
S xth race, seven-eighths oi a mile, selling.
313 MajcrCook 101! 391 Howard 107
(361) Joan 10sl 388 Chas. A 101
3*B Poliock 98 409 Petrarch 104
h97 Meadow Lark. .lo4! 397 Mcl.ight 110
(387)Day1ight......-..10i | (3 1 8) Fortuua 105
SELECTIONS FOB TO-DAT.
. First race— Kowalsky, Seaside, Two
Cheers.
Second race— Basquil, Caspar, Ber
nardlllo.
Third race— Arezzo, Sly, Jack o' Lan
tern.
Fourth race— Argentina, 'Wheel of For
tune, St. Lee.
Fifth race — No selections.
Sixth race— SlcXight, Major Cook,
Charles A.
INSTALLATION OF OFITCEBS.
Christian Endeavor Societies Meet at
the Third Congregational Church.
There was quite a rally of Christian En
deavorers at the Third Congregational
Church last evenine. The annual instal
lation of the church officers took place,
and these same officers Will serve at the
grand convention of Christian Endeavor
ers that will meet in this City in July
next. Thes-e are the officers that will serve
at the coming convention:
President, Walter P. ("lark; vice-president,
Miss Hettie M. Corlett; corresponding secre
tary, Mrs. Jennie T. McLerrie; treasurer, Mrs.
Lou McDaniel; chairman ot committee, N.
H. Hyde Jr.; commi dee— Miss Mne Chapin,
Mrs. Nellie I'ryor, Miss Evelyn McKee and
George E. Daniels.
Divorce Suits Begun.
Divorce suits have been filed as follows:
Wilhelmine Kornahretis against Henry Korna
hrens, Margery N. Bennett against Frame W.
Bennett, Clara, G. Walker against W. E. Walker.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 20, 1897.
DID THE BOARD
ACT UNLAWFULLY?
Mr. Babcock Thinks That
the Old School Direc
tors Erred.
Finds a Decision Under Which
Their Acts May Have Been
Invalid.
Mr. Murdock Sat as a Member After
. Hs Resigned, Although He Had
Not Been Reinstated.
Superintendent Babcock of the public
schools has discovered a decision of the
Supreme Court which he believes to be
applicable to the resignation of School
Director MurdocK last October, and, if his
conclusions are correct, there may ba
some question raised concerning the legal
ity of all the proceedings of the board be
tween October and the first of January.
At least this is the view taken of it by Mr.
Babcock. He has submitted the matter
to the City and County Attorney for con
sideration.
"The decision which I have found," said
Superintendent Babcock yesterday, "is
that of the People against Porter, which
was given by the Supreme Court of this
State. It appears to me to be applicable,
and I understand that there :s a later deci
sion in the same direction. The doctrine
laid down in tbe Porter case is that the
appointing power has nothing to do with
a resignation, and that when an incum
bent of a civil office resigns that resigna
tion takes the person out of office."
The decision which Mr. Babcocs re
ferred to is found in 6 Cal., 26. The ac
tion was for the usurpation by the defend
ant, Porter, of tne office of County Judge
of Calaveras County. There was a va
cancy in the office of County Judge on the
Ist of September. On the 13th day of Au
gust William H. Baageley, County Judge
of Calaveras County, tendered to the Gov
ernor bj mail his resignation, which was
to take effect September 1. The resigna
tion was received* by tne Governor August
24. No action was taken by him until
September 8, when he appointed and com
missioned Porter, who entered at once
upon the discharge of his duties.
In the meantime the bupervisors had or
dered an election to take piace September
5 to ri!l the vacancy, ana Charles A. Leake
was duly elected, obtained his certificate
of election from the County CierK, quali
fied and offered to enter into office, but
was prevented by Porter irom so v. ing.
In the or in ion of Justice Terry, Justice
Heyienfeldt concurring, it was set forth
that "the tenure of an office does noi de
pend upon the will oi the executive, but
of tlio incumoent. I have no doubt that
it wa-* in his (Baciceley's) power at any
time before September 1 to withdraw his
resignation and continue in office. No:
having done so the resignation became
effectual and a vacancy was created on
that day. ''The judgment of the lower
court, which was in lavor of Porter, was
confirmed.
The facts concerning the resignation of
School Director Murdock were as follows:
He resigned his cilice October '2, 1896, say
ing that he was not, satisfied. Upon mo
tion oi Director McElroy the resignation
was laid upon the table. October 14 the
board received a letter from Air. Murdack,
in which he explained his absence and
sa>d that the matter was in the hands of
the City and County Attorney.
A.t the same meeting Director McElroy
moved that permission be given to Mr.
Murdock to withdraw his resignation.
Director Carew moved lo await the action
of the City and County Attorney, and this
motion was adopted. Mr. Muraock then
resumed the performance of the duties of
a member of the ooard and so continued
until the terms of oilice of the boar*! had
all expired, his status not being affected
by any opinion of the City ana County
Attorney. Mr. Murduck'snamo is found
set down on the rtcor>.;s in response to the
rollcall on October 28.
From that time on he took part in the
deliberations or the board and voted on
propositions contemplating the expendi
ture oi money and other matters of public
importance.
Now Mr. Babcock contends that Mr.
Murdock having resigned, in view of the
doctrine laid down in People vs. Porter
by the Supreme Court, he was no longer a
member of the board and that the board,
by permitting him to sit as a member,
and to vote as a member, alter he had
resigned, may h;ive invalidated ali that it
did during the latter part of the year.
AMONG THE WHEELMEN.
Two Benefit Meets Friday and Saturday
of This Week— Bicycle J»g
gage Bill.
The Garden City Cyclers have a good
entry-list for their beneht meet to be held
Friday of this week at San Jose. The
names are now in the hands of Official
Handicapper Smyth, who will complete
bia work to-day. All the professionals
and many of the amateurs of this City and
across the bay will compete.
Regarding the League of American
Wheelmen's meet, which had to be post
poned from last Saturday to next Satur
day, the 23d, owing to rain, there is noth
ing to be done but wait for the day to
come and pray it will be fair. The racers
are a.l doing some indoor work to keep in
condition, and the week's extension of
time will give those who were a trifle off
in condition a chance to set into proper
shape. Seats sold for last Saturday need
not be exchanged. The advance sale was
the largest of any meet yet given at the
Velodrome, and the management felt it
would put many people to unnecessary
trouble to ask them to exchange their
ticketi. The management is in hopes
that Ziegler will race at this meet, as he
is now in excellent shape, and also expect
Downing, Stevens and McFarland.
Becker, the five-mile champion, will also
have returned Irom the north and will
nde. Loughead, Hie Canadian, is not in
form. With the addition of Ziegler and
the others to the already well-lilled pro
fessional lists, it will be a great day's sport.
thief Consul Kerrigan has called a
meeting- of the board of officers of the
North California Division, League of
American Wheelmen, to be heid next
Monday evening, the 25th, at 441 Golden
Gaie avenue. Final arrangements regard
ing the sending of delegates to the
National assembly of thejeague will then
be made. The ruemDership committee oj
the league, accompanied by the chief
consul, visited the Golden Gate Cycling
Club last evening and secured a number
of new members.
Charles Albert Adams and Percy V.
Long have gone to Sacramento in the in
terests of the bicycle baggage bill, which
was introduced by Assemblyman North of
Alameda on January 11 and will come up
before the Judiciary Committee to-day.
The Imperial Cycling Club held its
fourth party last evening at Native Sons'
Hail ana^ it proved very enjoyable,
eclipsing all previous efforts of the club
in this direction.
The East Oakland Wheelmen entertain
ment takes place Friday evening of this
week at Washington Hall, East Oakland.
A meeting will be held at the California
Hotel to-morrow evening, at which the
representatives of the organized whe^l.
men will discuss the part they are to take
in the bin carnival next April.
MRS. MORELOCK ACCUSED.
Her Management of Mr». McGarrity' s
Estate Is Seriously Called
in Question.
Judge Coffee has issued a citation com
manding Mrs. Mary Morelock to make an
accounting of her management of the
estate of Mr 3. Margaret McGarrity, an
inmate of an insane asylum.
Serious charges are made against Mrs.
iClorelock by K. Bcrren, who presented
the matter to the court. He avers that
Mrs. Morelock got Mrs. McGarrity drunk
and kept her so until appointed guardian
of the un.'ortunate woman's person and
estate; that subsequently Mr*. McGarrity
was railroaded to an insane t.syluin, and
that her guardian, who has charge of
$4500 worth of property, is coliecting rent
and not making a proper accounting lor
the same.
Mr. Borren says that Mrs. Moreloc,* is
an iuveterate stock gambler, an illiterate
and dishonest person, and incompetent to
manage her ward's affairs.
HOTEL AERIVALS.
LICK HOUSE.
G B Reynol is.San Mateo J J Brown. Colo
J A Shiuo, Co.o A J Finger, Sia Barbara
Key U Horgan, Marvsvil J P Androws, -S L Obispo
J O Canisle. Orovule C T Kea, Los Angeles
J M Lathrop, Newman B H unt, Crlppie Cr»?lc
t Mclvur, Citrus C Coimore, Fremo
X s«-v.er, Eareia G L Alexaudt-r Cal
Z Swett, Or W H C ary, Stockton
M J Burke, Salinas V Q Frost <fe fm. Fresno
B w Wolff. N V U Burdell, Mada Co
Frank Gilbert, SSarto E I> Goocrich, N V
Mrs T J Butts, Sta Kosa Miss Lo .ovan, Sta Rosa
J E Hall, Sauta Rosa W tt Carpenter & w, Ma
ll A Carpenifr.Marysvill r. svi.lt)
A L Duncan, Wedderburn N P Hallman. Cal
O J Woodward, Fresno T C White, Fresuo
J D Mcl)ougali<Kw,stktn G Russell, -N't- v
G H Kraft, Red Bluff A P tatlin, Sacio
H H Hobson, Pa o M Ktllogg, Cal
H T Schl.ler Berkeley Capt Hlnsdale.sia Barba
Dr Phillips & w, Ney 1 H Wadsworth, Yreka
J A Webster, Vacavlile J DCv p, San Felipe
F H Ball, i resno S A Alexander, Fresno
F B Chandler<fcw,Elmira E C ,\pperson. sta Clara
G Bluke, Banning F B KhiKton, Santa Clara
X.M Lees, faaia Clara J a Ihornton. St Louis
G H F.eyi:oliis.>an Mateo i)r L Fiuigan, San Jose
G T Porter, N'ev
ÜBAND HOTEL.
(i A Smith, Courtland W Nicbolls Jr, Dutch Fit
J T Goodwin, You Bet J W Bowen, Los Ang
F C Brown, New York G F Wiers, Bakerstie:d
F A larrillo. Nev T B Dorsey, >tanis.aus
J L '1 utker, i-acto F Gregory, Sacio
\V f u'Leary, Healdsbrg W D rraiiian. Yon Anj
H W CraDb. Oakville Dr X Z Hennessey. Napa
\V Foster. Chicago L L Browneli, uakland
G A Williams, N V FA Ford & fm, A abaoia
N X Kime, Montana T A Baker, Montana
s M U'oojman, >alem X \V owens, San Josa
KBi arr, Ferndalt) F B Boone, Stockton
J A Mci.».'»n, Knights Lg Mrs McLean, Knights Lg
J T Woodman »t *, X V U W Chalfaut, IMusburg
G M Laii. niier, .-ulem J 1> Biddle, llunfi rd
W C Parker, w, Kenwood J B Trexlor, Amador
L A sp.iz'T, Sun Jose B B Uunshee, Morut.na
JPh Hips, Los Angeles L B Scranton, Los Ang
J M vv iico.tsen, Courtlnd H J Wilcoxsen. Cal
J X Wyait, Albany J A Donnell, 1 os Ang
G Giannei 1, Htoc&ton H ti Turner. Modesto
E F O'Neal, Los Ant: X D Hatch, Novato
MreT W Huutingtoo.Sac F M Kraus, St Louis
G S McKenzie, .\apa J Bde Jarnett, Colusa
W Mutlrooney, f=acto Mrs A B Smith, Bt-nlcia
W T Foilin. San Jcse C L Berry, Peorla, 111
C W Ayers, Sonora
PALACE HOTEL.
J H Deakin. San Jose W a Bowden. San Jose
A Cox, .>ari Jose J W Abbott, Yreka
Ca B»ldwin<Sw,SnClara M Trum Chicago
W s Siett. Denver Miss F Trumbull. Chicago
X J Kon Held, >'cv Miis L Hyde. Boston
Sirs J Boegs, ( olusa Fran* Trumbuli, Denver
X R Thompson, Stockton W L Washington, w & v,
W A Frost &w, Chicago New York City
MrsCA eldenlelier.NY W B Jeffrey, London
H S Mackay, Boston F McL*ti gliutw, SnCruz
ii B Blod^ett, Boston C H Gibson, .-onora
W R Kenvon, l'.utie J H Aid rich <fe w. N V
I N l.iptnan, NY X s Churchill & w. Napa
B V Moore, Alaska Mis< i huichlll, Napa
J.W Murphy. Ariz DX Kenj-otnt w, Chicago
L P-hbarkey, Chicago J H t>ilben &. w, Chicago
J X Me.id, Portland X Bucnz, i hicauo
F r. Miarkey, N V Mauel i hompson.Stocku
C \V Rolker, NY U Mclroy, L' s N
G U Sickels, D H8 C 8 fttanwonh, U <* N
B llorschheld. NY OP Jenkins, Stanford
it W buller, Uklah J May berry . Weaver ville
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
A M Sllverio. Rodeo J A Campbel , O*kland
Francs Hare. Oakland J X Amabel. Whateoai
.1 X I'hi.lip.-, Whateom AJ Woods. What otn
sli \Villi..ms. Seattle C Hay wards &s, Chicago
H Knynionl, Ls Angeles X BKntsbi, Snoquaiima
J i . Tuckfr. Snonualltna J A David, Alabama
H W allmn. riilta ■ J M .-locum. Davisville
\V II Wright, Kearney WII Wilson, L. AnKDles
W M Dixon, Sacto H D TnornftS Wls
T D Harrington. I.t An; G H -liu':z, Cbtcaeo
W A I.ov. joy, Chicago D L Karl, .Mill Va.lt-v
O M Thompson, Aluiccla D I Walsh, sen t c
T H Ciowlcy. Portland L M Bernard, Tacoma
J A lsrou.-hord. S M»teo W Kenney, Butt*
C Mldill«misd. Mm View F Levers, Arraia
W Morebouse, NY _
BALDWIN HOTEL.
W T Pblpps, Warysville T B Moore, Butte
A de Camp in w, HywrdsG B Stockton
J Perr &w, Btsion M A t>2nliam, I'omery,
E Graves, s i.vis • bispo Wash
I-'C <libbons <£ f. siocictn H A Cornwall, Newport
J A J»arn. 11. L Anif-les M E Boots. San Jo*e
J A Barsons. Belvedere C 1> Zimmerman, N V
\V B True <k w, San Jose X It Glfford, Auburn
Mrs E 1; Hamilton. Sac J B Sacramento
R Williams, Fresno
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BCPTNESS OFFICE of the Ran Francisco Cali^
710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
sight in the year.
BRANCH OKFICES-627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
?K9 Hnyes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
61S Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
tW. corner Sixteenin und Mjssiou streets, open
until 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
1305 Polk street: open nn I] 9:3y.
MJT.IC.fc; Otf JIhETLNOS.
E^^» EXCELSIOR LODGE NO. 166. F. ft
tS^S r and A. M.— Special roeetinsi THIS_^
(WEDNESDAY) KVENINO, January 'JO, "^TJ?
at 7:30 o'clock. Third degree. •■ '▼>
THKO. E. SMITH, Secretary.
|KSP MISSIO > LODGE NO. 169, F. and •
i*^^ A. M. — Ca.led meeting Tills A
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING at 7:30 j|'J2f
o'clock- degree. By order of the '^jT\
W.M. C. D. BUNKER. Secretary.
OryS* CROCKETT ! ODGE NO. 139. F. a
SFj? and A. M.— Called me»tln= THIS M\
(WiDNESDAV) EVENING at 7:30 VLjSf
o'clock. D. 1. By order of the W. M. • /n/^
.. H. FORTRIEDE, Secretary.
Bt2^» AMITY JEBKKAH lA>DIiE > v^ - «M-A k ~
li^iS No. 161, 1. O. O. F.— «ifflefrsand.^gg^g;
members are requested to assemble in ;^^CB^Sr
Eureka Hall. 1. O. O. F. bull ting, f/in**
THUKSD January 21, at 1 r. m, for the pur.
poB ' of ntrcn.iiir,- ibe funeral of our late sister,
CATHERINE T. FENTON.
.MALA E. BRIGGS, N. G.
Hattik M. Fexn. Kec. sea -
BtSS 3 YKhBA BUkNA LuDGK NO. <^^miis^~
iIS-»* 15. 1.0.0. F. — Officers »n.l mem- Sgggsajfe
bers are earnestly requested to be pres- /^"jSS-Sr
ent at the regular meeting THURS- ■ *** ,'.
DAY EVENING, January 21, 1897, as on that oc-
casion the Grand Master, J. W. WAKBOYS. will
pay the lodce an official visit. Visiting brothers
cordially invited. .-. .M. 8. JtFr KRS JR.,
t>EO. L. I'kkham. Rec. Sec. Noble Grand.
KT^r- TUh QUARTERLY MEETING *^
Uf- JSr of Servian-Montenegrin L and B. \W^
Society wi.l be held THIS (WM»NES- JWH—
DAY) EVENING, January 20, 1897, atMMB^
7 ;-0 o'clock, at 10 California st. All O Hi- WfnWM
CPM nnd members are earnestly "' -Eitis(i^
quested to attend. Installation of orti- i»A«i|MJ
c t-rs ior the year 1897. Fines for Don- EvKiMf
attendance will be strictly enforced. By '«»»'
. order of LAZAR JOVOV President.
! Lazab S. Chitrich, secretary.
bFs UNITY LODGE NO. 61.X. OF P., if.
tiEiC 909 Market St., wl.l confer . the JO,
long form ' Kniicht - on . one Etqulre vn^QtSJZ*
THURSDAY EVENING, January Jl. Ali^^J^
visiting knights are cordially invited - .
• • . ;-, •„ . M. B. DYE, C. C.;
I k. W. Gatfs. K. of R. and S. .
fff^S= THE REGULAR MEETING OF THE
iaS^ Bricklayer.! Association will be held at
B'nal B'ri.h Hall, ■ 121 Eddy street, THIS
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING, January 20. at 8
o'clock. Martinez's case comes up. . •
EDWARD J. BRANDON, President.
■BC3S* mjUlsby consolidated gold
&»--£»' Mining Company— Not cc Is hereby given
that the regular annual -meeting of the stock-
bo ders of the above company Will be held at their
office, room 7. MIII 3 building, San Francisco, Cal.,
on WEDNESDAY. 1-ebruary 3, 1897.
■■■* :.<;,. EDWARD W. HBBAKD, Secretary.
jf^3p« ABRAHAM LINCOLN COUNCIL NO. 2,
l$ : --*S r Jr. O. U. A. M.— Members are requested to
attend regular meeting on '1 HI'RSUAY, January
21, 1897. Important business to be transacted.
By order • , CUARi E8 KLEIN, Councilor.
F. B. Dickson, Recording Secretary. .
jr^MAsUNiCUKMKTKRY ASSOCIATION.—
lr~jy The annual meeting of lot-owners in the
Masonic Cemetery will be held at the Masonic
Temp'eoi TUESDAY AFTERNOON. February
2, 1*97. at 2 o'clock, for. the . election •of ■ three
trustees and such business as may legally come
before it. ...,■: UKO. J. HOBE. fcecretary.
KS»~THE REGULAR ANNUAL : MEETING
&■& of the stockholders of the National Ice Com-
pany will be had at the lHce ■ f 'the company, 3*7
I Market St.. San » Francisco, Cal., on WEDNES-
DAY, the 3d day of February, 1897, at th" hour of
11 o'clock a. m , ; for. the purpose of electing a
bJard of directors to serve for the ensuing year
and the transaction of such other business as may
come -fore the meeting. ---■***!*' *-"-"*d M Tff»^nfft[MWmn
J. DONAHUE, Secretary.
: Office 327 Market st., San Francisco, Cal. ■-
1 ■■■'.■ ■ :•■■.■- ■ . ■ ■ . • ----.;..
MEETING NOTICES-Continued.
jf^S 3 ANNUAJ. MEETING— THE REGULAR
»*&'. annual meeting of the stockholders of the
Oceanic Steamship Company will be heid at the
office of the >onipan^, 327 Market street, San
Franclico, Cal., on THURSDAY, the 21st day of
January. 1897, at th« hour of 11 o'clock a. m fir
the purpose of electing a board of directors to
ser^e for the ensuing year and th<» transaction of
kuch other bu it ness as may come before the meet-
Ins. Transfer books will close on Saturday, Jan-
uary 9, at 12 o'cock M
K. ri. SHFLPON". secretary.
M'KCIAL NOTICES.
B^^' SAN FRANCISCO, CAL., JAN. 11, 1897.
*F-* ? The orphans and half-orphans that were re-
ceived into St. Francis Girls' Directory Orphan
Asylum. since July 1, 1896. to January 1, 1897,
are as following: Orphans, females— Klla Andrew,
age 4 years: Teresa Melissa, age 9 years: Nellie
Allen, age 8 years; Echo Allen, age 5 years:
Phoebe Allen, age 2 years 5. months: Marie St,
Clair, age 1 hour. Half orphans, females— Mamie-
O'Farrell, age 7 years: Henrietta O'Fanell, ag ; 3
y»ars: Nellie O'Farrell, age 5 years: Katie Dillon,
age 12 years; .Irene Cambe.l age 5 years il
months: Nellie Stocking, ' age 10 years; Augus-
tine Hulton. age 11 years: Millie Crowley. age 10
years; May Crowiey, age 2 years: Ethel Crow-
ley, age I year; Rena Matti, ng- 9 years: males-
Frank Hopper, age 7 yeais; Charlie Hopper, age 5
years: Frank Kane, agd 4 years: Eddie Burk, age
8 years; i,ouis Bur*:, age 5 jM'ars: Dante Matti,
aye 7 years: Robert Matll, age 4 years: Frank
Matti, age 2 years 6 months: George Dillon, age
1 year 6 n:onths.
Bras* BAD TENANTS EJECTED FuK »*;
•f-*^ collections mado, city or country. P«clQ3
Collection Ca. 415 r»lont?y nu. room 6. T<»'. 6580.
Hfr:;S= CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
Sis' THE WEEKLY CALL, sent to any. address
lii the United States or Canada one year for $1 50,
oostase free.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
mpS- DIVIDEND NOTICE— DIVIDEND NO.
i£r3&» 39 (twenty-five cents per share) of the
HUTCHINSON SUGAR PLANTATION COM-
PANY, will be held at the office of the Company,
327 Market street, on and aster Friday, January
22, 1837.
Transfer books will close Saturday, January 16,
1897. at 12 o'clock m.
I E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
tITUATiONS V. ANT±.D-i'EMAI.E.
■ ■ ■ ■ - '■ r- ---"- r- * - - - ■ i
ANTED BY RELIABLE TRUSTWORTHY
woman to do housework; is a good cook and
chat: .beriiiaU: good references: wages $10 to $12
per month. Address 79 Jessie su, bet Ist and 2d.
V\ ,■ ANTED— PLACE IN PRIVATE FAMILY
»» to do housework and cooking; first-class cook
and sina I wash; wa;es $15 to $20. Call or i ddress
cook, 271 Stevenson St.. bet. '1 hlrd and Fourth.
YOUNG LADY WITH GOOD KAQWLEDGri
X of shorthand and typewriting wishes employ
ment: willing to make herself generally useful.
Address D. D., Stenographer, 1316 iilbertst.
i ady would likk position as house-
J j keeper or manager in a hotel; thoroughly
competent: will ao chamber work: first-class ref-
erences. Call or address 315 Mason st.
ITUATION WANTKD~BY~YOUNG GIRL OF
16 years as nurse in a good family; speaks
English, trench and German. Address E. G., box
138, Cal Office. ' . ■ . .
IDDLE-AGED WOMAN WOULD LIKE TO
keep bouse for an elderly couple or widower's
family; good references and small wages. Address
F., box 4-', Call.
EXPECTABLE YOUNG GIRL Wl HES A
-It po ition to do general housework or second
work; wagessls. Apply 257 Clementina St., near
Fourth.
pAPABLE WOMAN WISHES TO TAKK
\J charge of laundry work: thoroughly under-
sands the business; best of reference. A. B. C,
Call Branch Office, 167 Ninth st.
"LMRST-CLANS COOK WOULD LIKE SITUA-
X tlon In private family b»t. 10 and 12 Call or
or address Woman's E. and I. Union, 7 Vc Nessav
YOUNG oIRL WANTS SITUATION TO DO
X bouaeworic and cooking In a small family; no
babies; wages $12 to $15. Address P., box 9, Call.
YOUNG GKMMAN GIRLS WISH oITUA
•— tlons to do genera) housework or upstairs work;
good seamstress. Cal. at 1405 Bush st, nr. Polk
ANTED— BY A FIR-.T-CLASS AMEKI-
can rook, understands French and Jewish
cook ng, first-class city references. 1013% Larkln
ATTRACTIVE WIDOW DESIRES A PLACE
A as housekeeper In widower's house or lodgi.ig-
house. Apply, 10 to 5 only, room 5. 1007 Market.
IRL WISHES A SITUATION iSSUHSE,
cuamrK-raiald, pialn sewing: city or country;
(Irs. -class references.. Address lil"> Ihuh st.
AMERICAN GIKL WANTS POSITION 1 0
J\ do general housework; is a good plain cook.
Cull at 312 Vs Minna st., near Fourth.
ITUATION WANTED BY NEAT SWEDISH
girl to do general homework or second work;
good reference. 513 McAllister st.
AN, WIFE AND CHILD WANT 1 OR 2
rooi> in rooming-house, where c can work
for rent. R. S.. box 3. Call.
Q WKDISH liOU^ft-GIRL, STRONG AM)
0 willing; 2 year.) last plate, $15 to $20 ; good
cook. 315 Sut.er st. ■ :. ■ . * '
V ROOK MAN GIRL WANTS UPSTAIRS
X work in private family. Please address for 2
days G., box 82, Call Office.
LADY WITH 1 CHI..D DESIRES POSITION
as housekeeper: no objection to the country.
MR-. DIXO\. 1415 Pol st.
1 i ERMAN WIiliES WORK BY THE DAY;
" I wash or cleaning: $1 per day and car fare.
551 Bryant st.
»V ANTED— POSITION AS COOK BY WOMAN
'» with girl of 16 years. MONACO, 325 sutler.
■YOUNG WIDjW WITHOUT CHILDREN
X wants position: can cook, wash and lrou good.
213 Perry s- -
VEAT, COMPETENI WOMAN; IS A GOOD
IS cook and laundress; in American family, city
or country: $J5 per month. 777 Market st., r. 25.
ijOSITI WANTED BY GIHL TO Do GEN-
J oral housework; plain cook. 227 Minna st.,
near . hird.
pO.MPt.TENT WOMAN TO DO HOUSEWORK;
\J good reference. 1221 Devtsadero, near Ellis.
p~EBMA~>ToiRL~WANTS PLACf-; AS COOK
VT or housework; is competent cook. Apply 110
sixth St., room 2. ■ • -
YOUNG LADY WOULD LIKE POSH lON IN
X .-an Katael to take charge of children. M. M.,
box 1. Call Office. -■.-. -
rpWO YOINO SWEDISH GIRLS WISH
X paces to do general housework and cooking or
upstairs wor«: have ref^reiices. Call 148 Perry.
■VTEAI .GIRL DliSlßEs A POSITIO.n TO DO
i.l housework in smalt family; good cook; waces
$1.. to $20. Appl ; 317 Grove St.. near Franklin.
A] EAT YOUNG GIRL WISHES SITUATION
to do light nous-work; obliging; sleep home.
Address box H, Call Office, Sixteenth and Mission.
YOUNG LADY FROM HE EAST WISHES
X position as housekeeper. Call 52'J Bush St.,
room 20
\\T AN TED-SITU A TTO'N TO DO UJiNEKaL
»' housework; neat reliable worker. Address
Hi Maple court, bet. . Guerrero and Dolores sts.,
off Fourteenth.
WO GEkMAN GIRLS, JUST ARRIVED
from the East, seek situations In German fam-
ily. ChII or address 1018 Minna si., off EKventh.
)LOUED GIuL WOULD LIKE POSITION
as child's nurse, or will do second work. Ad-
di o.s.i G. »., box 108. Call office. •
L'Rc-NCH COOK, FIRST CLASS, CITY OR j
-T country; references; $20. Torrence court, oft
Clay, between Larttin and Hyde sis.
l-.SPEC TABLE GKhMAN LA«>Y WISHES
work by the day ; washing, ironing or houso-
c.eanlnir, or any Kind of wur«. A., box 2, Call.
YOUNG LADY DESIRES POSITION IN OF-
X tire: understands bookkeeping, - typewriting
and shorthand; work for $3 per week. B. E., box
88, Cull Office.
V' OUNG WO.MAN WAN'! B SITUATION AS
X eta rab 'rmaid, either in hotel or lodging-house;
3 years', reference. 120 Sixth st., room 12.
AMERICAN WOMAN;. WANTS WORK BY
'ii. the day; good washer and ironer; thorough
bousecleauer; $1 a day. 731 Folsom. ,
1 ADY WOULD LIKE TO DO PLAIN SEW-
Xj ing and mending a. borne. 131 Taylor st., rm 2
pERMA . WOMAN WItHJiS WoRK BY THE
VJ day at washing, ironing or housecieamng. Ad-
dresi 741 Minna St. .
L IRIST - CLASS SEAMSTRESS WILL SliW
V fo • to cents per day and board. Address box
C, Call Branch, Sixteenth and Mission sts
I. ASTERN . WIDOW OF EXPERIENCE
J - wouid like first-class place as housekeeper for
lodging-house, widower or bachelor. Room 9, 47 2
Stevenson st., corner Sixth, after 12. . .
p KRMAN WOiIAN WANTS \VOi>K Was-H-
-VJ ing, ironing or cleaning by the day. GINS-
BERG. 162 Perry st., bet. Third and Fourth.
, EXPERIK^CED >NU RSE WAN IS SITUA-
Xj iion to take care of invalid; city or country;
lirit-. lass re:erencc. Address Nurse. 22>-2 Perry su .
ANT ADS AND SUBSCRIPTION'S FOR
The Call are taken at Branch . Office, south-
west corner sixteenth and Mission as.
' V OUNG WIDOW WOULD LIKK TO DO GEN-
X tinmen's plain mending at home. 106 Fourth
St., room 2. .'.;• •;-::-- 1 :*.•■;= •-'■■/,
YOUNG LADY WITH MANY ACCOMPLISH-
' X me. ts desires a place 'as housekeeper in a
widower's or bachelor's home. Room 2, 223 Posi.
ÜBsCKIPTIONS AND WANT ADS FOR THE
Call taken at -branch office, 339 Hayes ' su;
open until O:3J o'clock. : ■ :■ -■
ATTRACTIVE YOUNG WIDOW, UNINCUM-
hered, desir s place as working housekeeper.
122 Post st., room 2. - , ;-. :.  :
, V OUNO GERMAN WIDOW DESIRES POSI-
; X tlou a* working housekeeper. 106 ■ Fourth
St.. room 2. * ,:.-•.. ,"C.
W COR. ; SIXTEENTH «T., NEAR Ml*
sion; branch office of Til Call. Sub-
scriptions and want ads taken. ;•'■• %- ;=■'-. •■• ;■.-•
T?XPERIENCED HOUSEKEEPER (WIDOW)
X-J wants wor» In widower's or bachelor's ■ house-
hold: country prefer. cd. 88 . Ninth St., room 17;
hours. 11 a. it. to 9 P. M. ; ...
7 I •> LARKIN-BRANCH office of the
I >') CALL: subscriptions an l want ad < taken.'
INCHES 1 ER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NX.
Market:, 200 rooms: 25c to f 1 60 per night;
*1 60 lo s 6 pet week; convenient and respecwU».
ixce bus ana baggage to and from the Jerry. ... ■
- •■:■■. ■ ■ ;. •■:,=:■:■..•.;::"•;• AJ-..V..- , ..'■ :
bITUATIONS WANTED-UALIs,
UNTER^* CO.. CHINESE AND JAPA-
n"p«a emDloymenS office. 17 Webb *t., oelow
Ke.r^Tnr. C^f teL main 231. W.C.YOI NO. m<r
/■^HINFSh „ JAPANESE: EH 1"D. 20 YEARS;
otel.main0 tel. main 1997. BRA Di.EY&CU.. 640 Clay.
;, H ,.. i{ AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
G^fflce^sf help. 4l4 V2 u'Farrell. Tel X 426.
T AP^NiiSE INTELLIGENCE AGENCY. R.
J 73, SU Ann's bllg. 6 Edly St.: teL Main 5234.
AN" AND WIFE WANT POSITIONS AS
cook, or cook and waiter coo ; = and l house-
keeper: city or country. Address H ALDER, JSJ
Thineenth su " : '
-\i IDIJLE-A(JEL) M\N (SCOTCH) WANTS
M oake, gard -n and housework;
handy with tools; a mull wages. H. >. R-, tall
Office, Oakland. _____-—
HOOD YUUNG B»Y WAKIS {"/-ACB IN
VT stor*: cashboy or office-boy. Call or address
434 Flith s:., near Bryanu -"•
MACHINIST WOULD LIKE POSITION TO
take cnarge of engine; city or country, C. M.
R- 10 Steuart st. ■ ■ '
WANTkD— SITUATION BY A MIDDLE-
•» aged man: Is a first-class horseman; wl.l wor_
for small wages. J.. box 88.
\ N INTELLIGENT JAPANESE WANTS A
t* position as schoolboy: good experience. Ad-
dress I. FRANK. 3 Franklin St., cKy.
Bright, inte;.ligp:nt young man
wants posi ion. Address B. 8.. box 94, Call.
TKONG YOUNG MA WITH EXPERI-
ence as watchman wishes situation: has best
of references and can give goo 1 security: can at-
tend to engine or do other work if desired. Ad-
dress H. . box 1. Call Office. ________
SITUATION WANTED BY SWEDISH
O coachman in private family; city; good horse-
man and houseworker: careful driver; knows the
care of finest carriages and harness; willing and
obliging; four years with one family;, best ref-
erence. D., box 160, this otlice. '
"\roUNG MAN WISHES TO LEARN BAR-
X tending; no wages expected. Bar, box 12, Call.
"LMRST-CLASS BLACKSMITH ON MACHINE
-T work or mining machinery desires situation.
Address B. X, box 106, Call Office.
THIRST-CLASS HOTEL COOK AND HELPKR,
■T man and wife, thoroughly competent, will take
place, city or country; first-class references. Ad-
dress W. COLLINS, Cosmopolitan Hotel, Fifth
and Mission sts.
"VTOUNG MAN. GERMAN, WANTS POSITION
X as janitor, porter or night watchman. X., box
138, 1 all Office.
TEaDY. RELIABLE SCANDINAVIAN
0 wants work of any kind; can drive and care
for.iorses. F. A . box 82, Call Office.
OBER AND RELIABLE YOUNG MAN
O wants situation as porter or driver: not afraid
of work. Address H. R., box 11, Call Office, Oak-
land. - "
"YOUNG JAPANESE WANTS S.TUATION TO
X do cooking and housework In a family; city;
has experience. Address H. 1.. 1329 Pine s..
BARBERS— WANTED BY BAR-
X) ber of 3 years' experience in some good shop;
will 10 work for small wages and do janitor
work If required; best of references. Barber, box
135, Call > fflce. .
SITUATION WANTED by young mar-
ried man of any kind: best of reference and
security, if required: willing to work for small
wages. Address M.|T. ALLIMAN. 523 Seventh.
pARDEN R, GERMAN, SINGLE, WHO
VJ thoroughly understands landscape gardening,
carpe: bedding, greenhouse, orchaid and vegeta-
ble growing, and who has first-class reierences of
some of the best known private places in this
htaie wishes a situation in a private or public
place. Address B. 8.. box 40, Call Office.
AN OF 45 (WIDOWKR), SPEAKING ITAL-
Ian and English, understands the fruit and
grocery business, wlsbej employment at same, or
as a nurse in private or public hospital, or as a
bedmaker or gardener, or any other like occupa-
tion for very mod-rate wuges. Address FRANK
MARTIN ELLI, 500 Francisco st.
MARKET ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
' Call: want ada and subscriptions taken.
"YOUNG MAS, AMERICAN. STRICTLY
J. sober, wants position as watchman or porter in
note ; best of Kas-tem recommendations. ■ Address
M. G., 321 i-.ilis Rt. - . ■ .. . ■■
"L"IRST-CLAt'S CREAMERY MAN DESIRES
-T a position an buttermaker, creamery or city:
first-class references. Address Buttermaker, 4i5
Bran nan St.
OACHMAN OR GROOM, ETC.. BY EX-
\J perieuced and steady man; best reference? lor
past 16. years. Address J. H., care of 1379 Jack-
so. 1 st., Oakland.
HAVES s>T.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
I OOi/ The Call; subscriptions and want ads
taken. .'...: .. .
T> RANCH OFFICE OF THE CALL. 167 NINTH
X) st. — Want ads and subscriptions taken.
i MARKET ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
"i Call: want ads and subscriptions taken.
-07 MONTGOMERY. COKNER OF CLAY—
«'•< I open unti 9:30 o'clock; branch office of
the Call: subscriptions and want ads. taken.
INCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST., NX.
Market: 200, rooms; 25c to el 60 per night:
$1 60 to $6 per week: convenient and respectable;
tree bus and baggage to and from the terry.. ■-.
CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address In the
United ;Statea or Canada one year for $1 50, postr
age free. ISUBSBOiKI
lE—ALE _E_f WANTED.
2 WAITRESSES, . CITY; $20; WAITRESS,
country, $20. C. it. HANSEN «fe CO. 110
Geary at. .
VOU.NG SECOND GIRL. COUNTRY. $15;
X. bousegir s, $20. $15 aud $12; acounle of young
nursegirls, $12. C. R. HANSEN <fc CO.. 110
Geary st.
/GERMAN GIRL AS COOK, $20: GERMAN
VJ nursepirl, $20, call early; cook, Berkeley, $-.0:
girl, Washington St., $20: girl, Greenwich St., $20;
Url, minim; camp, *20: • housekeeper, $15; girl.
Clay st., $15: girl, Bmh st., $15; girl. Fulton st..
$16: girl, broadway, $15; girl. O'Farrell st., $15:
girl, Clay St., $15; girl, Octavia st., $15; 13 young
girls, $S, $10 and $12 per month, assist, etc, nice
families. MARTIN'S, 749 Market st.
COOK, $2() A~SD ROOM. CALL jSARLY;
waitress, country hotel, $20 and room: 2 wait-
resses, $15 and room; woman to wash dishes, $15
and room: cook for mining camp, $10 and room.
MARTIN'S 749 Market St.
TTOUSEKEEPEK, $15. MARTIN'S, 749 Mat-
XX ket st.
OOK, N > \VA.sH, *40; 6 SECOND GIRLS,
. $'20 and $.'5: chambermaid and sewing, see
lady here at 11 to-day; 4 cooks, German style,
$25 and $30; 2 <;< rm.in and Scandinavian nurses,
$20 and $25; chambermaid, wait 1 meal, $20; res-
taurant waitress, $-5; and a large number of girls
for housework. J. F. CROSETT _ CO., 316 Cut-
ter su
V X ANTE D— F IRS T-C LASS GERMAN-
»• French or Scandinavian cook with city refer,
enres. $35: German chambermaid and seamstress,
$20; nice young French or German girl for small
American family, $15, and several young girls for
housework and assist. LEON ANDRE, . 315
Stockton st.
pKKMAN OR SWEDISH COOK, $35; >EC-
VI ond girl, $25: nurse, $20: housework girls,
city and country, $20 and $26: 8 young girls, as-
sist. $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN, 323 Mutter St.
OOK AND SECOND GIRL, SAN JOSE. $25
and $20. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
/"I—KMAN OR SWfDISH WAITRESS AND
VJT parlorm: id, $25. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter.
YOUNG WOMAN TO COOK FOX FEW MEN
X. on ran h, $i 5, fare paid: Protestant woman,
care of children, etc., institution.. $20; coikand
laundress, city, $25. MURRAY <fc READY,
Leading Employment Agents. 634-636 Clay st.
WANTED— RESPECTABLE GIRL AS COOK,
»» washing and ironing (no othenhouse-vork),
for a nice private family in this city. Please ap-
ply to W.D. EWER & CO., 626 C.a/ SU £
4 GIRL* KOK HOUSEWORK, SMALL FAMI-
-4 lies, $20: infant's nurse, $25. MRS. llißu,
721 El. is st. ■ ■
/GERMAN GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK, $20.
IJT R. T. WARD & CO., 610 Clay su
pER.MAN COOK, $35: 2 COOKS, $30 GER-
VJT man style. German Employment Office. 306
Mason st. .
FFICE FEE REDUCED: 25 Cl'S.j UIR_S OF
a 1 nationalities to till. various positions. Ger-
man Employment Office, 306 Mason st.
1 HRISTIAN YOUNG MEN AND WOMEN,
\J agent* every town on Paiflc Coast: good
work; quick returns Pacific Coast Endi-avorer,.-. F.
WA.NTrJj, IMMEDIATELY— A RESPECT-
TT able woman 10 travel: must be over 30;
wholesale. V., box 2, Call Office.
ANTED— SALESLADY FOR CLOAKS AND
suits. Call 933 Market st , four.h floor, be-
tween 9 and 10 a. m. •
yOUNG SCOTCH OR GF.RMaN GIKL TO As-
X-slst with housework and children.' 3262 Twen-
ty-fifth st.
G~OOD STRONG GIRL FOR GENERAL
housework and cooking; 3267 Twentle:h St.,
near Folsom. ■ ■■. . ' ,
STRONG GIRL FO'< GENERAL HOUSE-
work and German cooking; family of 2. 1319
Octavia st: ; , .
WAN! ED-GIRL OR ; MIDDLE-AGED WO-
'» man for housework and plain cookiui;. 1307
Fill more st.
/ 7 IRL FOR GEN HAL HOI'SKWuKK AND
vJT to assist with children; good wages; 1612
Taylor st. ■/.■ >' f r\-~-r, ■ ■' - ■-' .'■ . ■ ■■ •■ ' ' .
yOUNG GIRL TO ASSIST IN GENERAL
X housework, wages $10. Call 2218 C«llforn a.
GIRL OVER 12 TO ASSIST "ITHBABY;
wage 4 $6. Address 2093 Market st.
y OUNG GIRL TO A.-.SISI IN LIGHT HOUBE-
X work in small family. 1534 Ellis s.
' \\> ANTED— GIRL FOR general MOUSE-
:■▼' work. Call at 2328 -utter st. ,
rr A ILORESS WANTED ON CUSTOM COA TB;
X also apprentice*, i 373 Natoma st.
IJELIABLE GIKL FOR GEN RAL HOUS X-
XX wor . and cooking. I«ll Vi Golden Gate aye.
OM . FOR 1 IGHT HoUSEWOKK; OD
home; sma 1 wages. ; 705 Howard st, 1 p. m.
EXPECTABLE UIRL TO CAKE FOR BABY.
$5 a month. 633 Va Natama su
OALESLADIES IN DIFFERENT DEt'ART-
O ments of a new dry-goods iiou>,e to be opened
in this city early next mouth are wanted. U. S.
Industrial Agency, room 165, Crocker building.
lIELP WANTED- Contf>iTi*<».
HOUSEKEEPER WANTED FOR SMALL
family; mus be fond of children and under.
Biand their requirements. J. J., box 13. call . tlice.
OMI*.'.Tn.NT ..ERMAN GIRL FO : GriNEß-
al housework and plain cooking. 917 Slitter^ .
Wf ANTED— FOR GENERAL HOU--E\VORK,A
*' small family, comp.»-t«nt Swedish or .no.- ™
wegiaii girl; must be good cook: reference re-
quire!. Apply 1016 Morton si., Alatneda, Nar-
row Gauze Morton station. .
L'_YN.>'S i;RES>.MAKINIi AND CUTTING
J? Academy. 14 McAllister st. $1 a week.
TKONG COM PE IF. v T . .r.il.M N TTIrIT
must understand cooking and hous work. In-
quire b 1. 10 aud 12 a. M. at 317 arKin at.
/•I r LAKKI.N — BRANCH. uFi-ICK Or THIS
Ult) Call: subscriptions and wan. ads. taken.
tSeTTfECT FITTING AND STYLISH DBESS
X cutting and making taught; tasv payments;
unliiui;ed lessons: patterns 25c. .McDO WELL
Dresscutting Schoo , 636 Market St.
W A TED— MEN. WOMKN TO LEARN KA il-
w» ber trade; only 8 weeks required; tools given;
catalogue sent. S. F. Barber Sdiooi, 1515 Howari.
11 U NINTH ST— BRANCH OFFICE OF
lI D Tub Call; subscription and want, ads
taken.
1 A WHENCE CUTII.nO SCHOOL IS iHfcJ
XJ only reliable place lor patterns: every una
inartinteed 10 be perfec:. 1231 Market
1 ED-GIRLS, FKOM 1 1 To 1. INULIUK
it between 3 and ft. 1103 Geary.
MOST CONVENIENT AND KESPEL'i A
Winchester House, 44 Third st., near Market-'
200 rooms: 25c to $1 5J per night: $1 50 10 .$3
per week: free 'bus and bacgagß to and from ferry.
MALE HELP WASTED.
ECOND COOK, COUNTRY HOTi-.L,~NoTtTHT
$60; pastrycook and baker, country hotel, $35
to $40. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary sU
t> 1 XPERIKNCED MEN TO HANDLE RACE
iU stock In cars to go East, $20 and found, ex-
panses raid- 6 faimers: 3 primers, cooks, w at i-
rrs. washers, etc : groom for private family,
coon ry. MURRAY <fe READY, Leading Em-
ployment Agents, 634 and K36 Clay st.
U r ANTED-2 W A ITE I'. FOR FIRST-CLASS
W hotel, south, *30: elevator boy for hotel, $12:
bellboy, private boardinsc-hoase, $12: Frenchman
tor livery stab c. *30; hostler who speaks trench,
$30: etc L. ANDRE, 315 Stockton st.
WANTED— NEAT INTELLIGENT YOUNG
*' man to learn professional nursing: prlvatet*>s-
pltal in San Francisco; small at firs-, but increas-
ing wages, with good chance of advancement. Ap-
ply to vv\ D. EW.-.; «fc CO.. 626 Clay su
ANTED -ITALIAN DRUG CLERK . ;V.
»» cracker baker, $7^, and other*. Apply XF. J
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st. 1
/I EhMAS VV'AITrR, $25 AND ROOM; CALL '
VJ early. MARTIN'S, 749 Market St.
OOK. AND KOOM; BELLBOY, $10 AND
\J room; waller, $25 anil room. MARTIN'S, 749
Market st. .- ■_ _
i) WADERS: SAMEC"UNTHY HOTEL; $25.
-< K. T. WARD & CO.. 608 and 610 Clay st.
ELLBOY. $12 TO $15 PER MONTH. MISS
X) CULLEN, 323 Sutler st. '
OTEL . CLh^RK; COUNTRY; MUST BE
wil'lng to assist as bellboy: California refer-
ences; $20. HOTEL GAZETTE, 420 Kearny st.
MAN TO GET HALF INTEREST; GOOD-
paying a id weU-establUhed business: $50.
Z., box 16, Call Office.
A A TED-TRAVELING SALESMAN FOR
wholesale liquor firm. References and particu-
lars to R. S., box 4.
ANTED-JOB COMPOSITOR. R. R- PAT-
TERSON.-429 Montgomery st.
Ur ANTED— DISHWASHER AT «
Second su .
MACHINE-HANDS WANTED. POTKEHO
Furniture Co., 17th and Wisconsin sis., city.
U/ KITING CLERK WANTED IN A I, AW
»» office. Aadresi Lawyer, box 10. Call Office.
ANT>.D— GOOD SHOEMAKER tOR RE-
pninng. 480 Jessie St., near Six'.h.
\V' ANTED— GOOD BARBER. 605 MISSION
*» streeU
D ESTABLISHED TAILOR-SHOP IN A
suburban town, for sale cheap. Apply TAIL-
OR. Call office. Oakland.
STYLISH AND DURABLE CALF SHOES
made to order, $2 50. 959 Howard, nr. Sixth.
tj\ CA.NVASSh.R- tOrt Cl\Y. CALL BET. 9 •
*J\J acd 4 at 113 Valencia suj
ANTED— DRUG CL-RK: RELIEF; GRAD-
uate; references, etc. Address Clerk, box 34,
Call office.
A PPKENTII TO A BARBER; GOOD AD-
X_ vantages offer, d. Apply 325 Bryant.
\\- ANTED— CLOTHING-CUTTER, 20 SAN-
» » some st.
■OECRUITS WANTED FOR THE U. S. M.V
XV rine Corps, U. S. Navy— Able-bodied unmar-
ried men between the ages of 21 and 3D years
who are citizens of the United Spates, or those
who have legally declared their intention to be-
come such: must be of good character an. 1 bablta
and able to speak, read and write English and m©
between 6 feet & Inches and 6 feet in height. For
-further information apply at the Recruiting Office, >
20 Kllis St., San Francisco, Cal. - i
CM -: A MONTH AND BOARD FOR LIGHT I
ijpl.O work to a sober young man who can ad- ?
vance tlOOon good security, a., box 84, Call office. '
"I "I /♦ NINTH ST. — BRANCH OFFICE OF
IID The Call: subscription and want ads.
taken.
rpo PROCURE ASH SELL YOUR PATENTS
X quickly. Hall of Inventions, 215 Sansome st.
STENOGRAPHIC SPEED CLUB NOW BEING
0 organized at Heald's Business college, 24 Post
St.; the Club will meet two evenings each weeic
(Tuesday and Thursday); club fees $1 month.
UARBKRa' PROi_CTIVK UNION EMj'LOi-
■MJ men t secret CONRAD TIIO_L_. 657 Clay. '
AK_ER.>— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
P. C. Barbers' Assn. *. FUCHS, 325 Grant aye.
JOURNEYMEN BARKERS' i.iII'LOVHJi..M 1
secretary .H. BERNARD. 102 t-eventh at.
ARBERS— 3 REVOLVING CHAIRS AND
fixtures for sale, almost new, on account c/ re-
moval. 921 Market su
fllj I Al\ 2-CHAIR BARBER SHOP: GOOD
«iPXTtV/. location; receipts $16 a week; rent
$10: a trial given. - 24 Montgomery sU, room 1.
mWo-CHAIR BARBER-SHOP FOR SALE
X cheap: good location. 415 Hayes su
ARBEK-SHOP, $125; 4 LIVING-ROOMS
XJ rent only $10. Apply Call Office.
LCHOHUUsK, Bt>3^ MARKET ST. KoOMd
20c, 25c to 50c night: $1 to $2 woes.
OKI Q MISSION — SUBSCRIPTIONS AND
iiwlO want ads taken for THE CALL.
OOMS 16c TO 76c PH.R NIGHT; 6<Jc TO
per week. Oriental. 225 Drnmm su
SINGLE FURNISHED ROOMS; 16OANIUHT-"
O 76c week. Llndell House. Sixth and Howard!
ANTKD-LA BORERS. AJMD MECHANICS
to know that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprle-
. tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third st. : 15 j
large rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $:? "er week.
"ANT ADS AND SUBSCRIPTION.-. tuß
The Call axe taken at Branch office, south-
west corner Sixteenth and Mission sts.
WAN lh.D, r lu COLLECT WAGES DUX LABOH
rrs&clerkt. KNOX Collection Ascy. 110 Butter
OK 1 Q MISSION ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
LulOThb Call; subscriptions ana want ada
taken.
E simon wants 100 Mt-.W TO u_t 801-
-. tie beer, or wine 6c: best free lunch. 643 Clay.
/PRY ACME HOUSE. to? — ARK_T sl., US-'
X low Sixth, for a room: 16c a night: $1 a week;
OSEDALE, 321 ELLIS ST.— SINtiLE FUR-
nlshed rooms, -0c to 25c night, $1 to $1 60 wit,
"L"<OR FULL AND CLEAN 10c MEAL Oit\
X coffee and cakes 6c zo to 13Vj Grant aye. \
EVr IN CITY" "-SINGLE ROOMS, 15. 20 AND %■
25 cents per night: $1, $1 25, $1 60 per week, V
Pacific House, Commercial and i.eidesdorff sts. * '
INCHESTER HOUSE, 44 llllKl) ST.. NR.
MarKet: 200 • rooms, 25c a night: reading-
room: free bus and ba-cnge to and from the ferry.
Illjl >IEN TO TAKE DOING AT 10c, 15a
lv" and 'JOe a nignu Including co-ec anil ro.u.
t'24 Washington su, near Ki-arn ■ . -
rANT_D— AN IDEA: WHO CAN THINK
»» some simple thing to patent* Protect voaf
Weas: they may bring you wealth. Write JOHM
WEDDERBURN.&CO.. Depu L, latent Attor-
neys. Washlncton. D. C, for their &IMJJ vr_i
clier and list of 200 invention! wanted.
\V ANTED— ROOMS, 16 C A DAY: «Sl
» I week; rooms for a, 2&c a day. $1 60 a wee*;
read Ing-room: daily pa pent. 36 Clay Mt.
W ANTED, YOUR BHOKs-WK REPAfK
»i ehoeinpto 9 o'clock every night: those work-
ing through the day can have their snoes repairs I
at .while you wait: laa:ea # soling, 35c; men 1
tonne, 60c: line shoes made to order irom $2 up:
we have a lot of slhxm been dama^e<l by water, „
J«;ss than one-fourth 1 their value, from 25c up „
*-' 00. ;>&• Mission St.. bet. First »-. «nd '-fcoii.l <c
AIiJiNTS ANTED.
ANTED— LADY AND GENTLEMAN
'» agents to se 1 our transparent knives and
gooas; good wagea'mude; also best mopwrtng»r,
pall an 1 mop: scud siampfor nrcula is. > Address
MAJOR a VIGNOs, canton. Ohio.
ADY AND LEMKN SOL.lt ITO.IS I- OR
-I musical ass elation: city or couuiry; $jo
month; references. a duress P.O. box 302, Oak-
land. .
AGENTS— A BOOK THAT OUTSELLS ANY
publication slnre Grant's book U "General
Miles' Personal Recollections": every one wanti
the book writu-n by the commnnder-tn-chlet of th»
United Sta.et army; first agent's - comml«sloa
$22 in 3 hoars. K. PERSON, U!un:iger subscrip-
tion department, The Whllaker A Ray Coiupau/.
-2a M»rket Ht
HOUSES. WASTKU. ~~ "" J
WANTKD-TO REN I . FURNISH ED HOTIS_/
;,<' or flat of 5 rooms. Room 13, Parrott bl:lg. '
»»ANTISI>-_:iSU_,_I.ANEOU3. .
wanted to Bu^^ob^DT^T^b^^KTN^
TT Arctic Fnr Co., Spreckels building. 9.5 Market
BY I LDI US Bo l ulll; LUJiBi- K. das .r ■>.
Xt doors. mantels, eta, for sale 1166 Mission v*
SELL YOU X BOOKS, cLOThINu AN l> JM»-
dry to a. KUEIN. 109 bixtu St.; «e_a |k»h_I?rSTNT:'5 < » CRASCKS.
(mo^A^BEST 4-CHAIR BARBER-SHOP IN
• DU. the city. F. r sale by H. C. DECKER,
1020 Market st.
Q>ei\7\ FIRST-CLASS RESTAURANT; NR.
OOUU. racetrack H. C. DECKKR, 1020
Market st - ■
OFFKIi SALOON* AND RESTAURANT;
must be sold. DECK lilt, 1020 Market st.
<_Q| U A MANUFACTURING BUSINESS;
QOUU. large protii. Ap. DECKER, 1020 Mkt.
•_. QCf\ ST A ll' EX . CANDY AND NO-
C«>'^' tion s:»r<-. DECKER, 1020. Market st.
I- ARGAINS THIS WEKK AT THE RELIA-
X> ble oilices of lIKAL^ & CO., 23 Kearny at.
French liquor-store at invoice 11 ire.
1 11 rv p-oauce anil fancy groceries, etc.. kept by
prrsent owner 12 years: living-rooms: $250.
} ranch bakery, candy, stationery, notions,
clears, etc. ; i living-rooms; near Market; $125.. '
<' ' '» I \( I(A s " - l HAVE CONTRACT IN
O->«JV»i» country; need the above amount to
complete the same; in 90 days the hives ment re-
tnrned ■.vi. h $12,000 net profit; parti ulars only
oi> personal interview. Address C. F.. box 71. Call.
T^OR salk CHEAP-BRANCH BAKERY;
-1 candles, notions and laundry ofi'.ce: 3 living-
rooms; cheap m : good business and a fine loca- 1
t:o:i. Address 8., box 76. all Office.
W 1 iU)C\ RES TA r A N T~FOR SALE;
•~ l-^'V/V'. clearing $ 00 per raontti; well adver-
tised; centrally located; nicely fitted up; cheap
rent. R. R.. box 75, Cnll Office.
rOR SALE-ONE OF 111! BEST MILK
X rou in A!ame<la County, owned by present
owner tor 12 years; 111 health cause for selling. J.,
box 22. Call Office.
ESTAURANT LEFT IN MY CARI--: WILL
sell to highest bidder to-day: >;ood business;
place well fined up. TanJculari 1186 Mission st.
ojXAn thTlakoest COAL i;l ' -1 \ !-..-<s
•. O\J\J. in Berkeley; yards, wagons, bones,
scales, etc.; membership ticket to Alameaa
Coun;y oul Doa>rs' Association; value $200:
business pays $150 tier month; will i;ive reaso is
forseiline. Apply STEPHEN L. HARRIS, 238
Montgomery st . City, at 8:45 a. m.
JEWivLRY BUSINESS IN THE BOOMING
ti mining town of souor;t: prettiest store in
town; reason for sellinß tHiliii^r ho:i :h: will reduce
.stock. Address X., box 72 Call fßce.
li» O (\ STt-.ADY AN.' KhLIABLK MaN IN
rIpO»)\J. general contractins business: no for-
mrr ex] e;ie:ue necessarr; no risk: plenty of con-
tracts: too much for one man. L. M., box 160, 1
tMs effice.
pKSI AUItANT NEATLY FITTED l^P: -MUST
*-L\ be sold: cn-a: sacrifice; see it. 45 Third St. _
' V TOCK OF GUUCh-UIKS BAR AND FIX-
■ tures; good chance; investigate. Cor. Hyde
a-id Post S.S.
M" "~EAT MARKET USING L'l,3 BEKVE6. 8
iX saeep. 1 ho;, etc.: this is » simp: owner lias
another business. Butcher, box 9, Call. 1
C^OALYARD FOR SALE: I.OOD Li CATION;
\J 4 horses: 2 wagons. Inquire 1 .83 Mission at.
CPACE FUR LUNCH ! '. -; N sT Y RENT
t^, free first moD . 39 California st:
*TOH PRINTING ( 1 i- I•' ll ' X ; CUsT $2500; A
»' bargain, ?850. 4 Califorula st., room 5.
pANpsBUKG Dt.Vi-.LOPM EN. CO. WILL
J I sell V 3 interest in its property and business for
(9000 cash; money wanted to extend the business
ofcomp'y: mining, real estate, commission. Oscar
T. Shuck, 509 Kparny, K.F. Bean.Raoclshurß. Cai.
Qj '* ( \ CORNER A LOO V> .> FOURTH ST.;
• _ <)->\->. sickness cause selling. Inquire Call.
0 CARPENTERS AND MILLMhN— A
practical man a first-Class opportunity presents
itself to establish m paying nnslneas in a location 1
where there will be practically a monopoly of mill- I
work ami building: casli required $2000. lor par-
. tlculars see CHaS. W. 1 uPE, room 43, Crocker
building.
AIT ANTED AT ACTIVE PAKTA'KR j
■»» in established, paying general agency busi-
ness; $60 a month salary and si.pre or profits;
only $75 cash; balance can be paid out of busi-
ness; full value In sight. 810 fransonie, room 11.
UTCHER - SHOP: ESTABLISHED BUBl-
ness; for $<le cheap Apply New Electric
Market, 4066 Twenty-fourth st . near Castro.
■QjOn/i SALOON: BARGAIN: GOOD LOCA-
*'lUu. tion: t,-or>d fixtures: eood business. In-
quire McliEOD A. HATJE. 517 Market st.
-riOR SALOON DOING GOOD BUSI-
. V ne*s: owner going to Alaska; no agents. Ad-
dress Call Office.
ot< N E It SALOON: OLD - ESTABLISH ED
business. Apply Chisa^o Brewery, 1420 Pine.
KNTLEMAN PARTNER WANTED BY A
lady of means, .riooai -. 223 Post St.
A LOON POR SALE— APPLY AT ANCHOR
brewery. 1431 Pacific st.
"Printing material for sale CHEAP
X at 8 Montgomery aye., room 14.
VaL()O.\ FOR SALE, 3398 MISSION ST.,
10 northwest corner Thirtieth.
VERY C HKaP": CORNER GROCERY' AND
V saloon. 331 Sixth St., corner Clara.
i^IR T-CLASS IIKTAIL BUTCHER- SHOP
-f for sale; line location: paying well: good lease:
low rent; good horses, wagons, etc: every thing
first class. Fur panic bail or address Butcher
•_:<_'4 • lay st.
C- l:V AND BAR; $7 50: 3-YKAR LEaSeT
V.T IIILBERT BROS., <-o-. Powell and Ellis sts.
,• en I'lemTn PARTNER WANTED by
\T young widow of means. 104 Mason st.
9^. 1 C MISSION — SUBSCRIPTIONS AND
*-01. O want ads taken lor The Cali.
'_ q HAVES— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
. • '•>-' Call; subscriptions and want ads taken.
isTKK, CMFrEfc. AND CHOP HOL'.-iK; A
desirable place of business; neatly fitted up;
rent reasonable, with lease. 12iy a Ninth Ht.
Q9AA VERY CHEAP: A NEAT SALOON;
Hi — VJU. low rent; good location. Inquire 120
Montgomery aye.
9,1 1 A GEARY— CO LVAKn FOR SA*.t, OK
*-~l 1 " lease without stock.
BUTCH XX - SHOP : ESTABLISHED BUSI-
ne-s: for sale cheap. Apply. New Electric
.Market, 4066 Twenty-fourth si., near Castro.
TF YOU WANT TO SELL YOUR SALOON OB j
A erocerv for spot, cash address I>.. box 120, Call.
fflj VIM I Kr.SfAURANT; CosT *600: BAR-
tjoyfyj. gain; rooms: no agents. R., box 18, Call.
Ja.Woi'A.i'iiJt'. jiutlh. i.\ i.\lt.Klui4 OlVt
1 1 close lv tan Jfiaucia.u. loi purticulaxs app./
'this oflico.
i.OUGL\u-iiOi;sKS i'OK SALE.
DECKER'S BARGAINS
27-room house $700 22-room house... $500
10-room house.. 150 ! 24 rooms, corner 760 i
6.5 rooms, cor. .. 3,000 14 rms on butter. 70i) '
. 11 rs., must sell 20 ; 66 mis, best city. 3,000 !
- H. C. DECK R, 1090 Market St.. opp. Fiftn.
99-KOUM Souse ON post -TBEKT AT
»m your own rice. lii-.( Kr. >:, :020 Market St.
RE AT BARGAINS iN LOD<.,ING-HOC.-ES
this week: 150 houses, from $200 to $3000.
UNDERWOOD ,v Ci '.. 765 Market at.
QO^II W ELL r URNISHKD; 10 ROOMS:
• *-O\J. owner leaving State; bargain. 538
Ellis st.
" O] ROOMS north~of~mTrkkt-cheap
X.X rent, paying well. H. L., box 83, Call office.
LI NG-IiOUSS. fl ROOMS; SUNNY:
corner; making mon«y: tacrifice; owner leav-
Ing city lor the --ouih; see it. Apply 217 Second st.
7f)A 21 KOOMS: ALuON 'o.Nf. FLOOR;
«J7 I \l\J. doing good business Apply Call Office.
9O >URNISHED ROOMS FOR SALE CHKAP,
•-O on account of departure 916 Howard at. '
JbUJtiNixi/iSIS* irOli SALE.
Al)(\ CARPKTS; CHAMBER BETH. XT
. "VV stoves, $5: parlor sets, *20: toldinc-belv
■<10: bar outfits. T. D. MCCARTHY. 764 Mission,
Al L. J. NELjjIaNN'S. 117 SIXTH. FOR
lowest prices on household goods: new or tool
as new: cas . or on time: open evenings.
v jyVJCKj>; ' ■ H A.H FURNITURE CO. — LOWEST
1J pricpg: furniture, car|i<- a: all erades. H6tiMUs'ri
ILUN IT c Xii M Xiii».
rrilNl'llHK, STOVES. CARPETS, CO UN-
. r tera. showcases. ANDERSON, 1121 Market.
Hi Ha.V~A.\ V WilEii*; PAID
by Indiana Auction C 0,1057 Market.opp.Jonei
TF you WANT good pricks' for FURNI-
X tiire and ni'Ti-li;ir..ils.. sea BURP. 211 Lark in.
CAxijT-cf C__ANINCf.
CITY STKAM CARPET < 1.1.AMN,; wi)KK +
\J cleans, moves, lays carpets. G. H. Si EVEN
tour. 38 and 40 Eighth at.; telephone Sooth 250.
WHEN YOU BKCUMK hi --.i;,-sfK_~~\VirH
poor work send tobPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet-beating Works, 353-57 Tehama at.; tel. So. 4UI
/'AKFETS CLEANED _ RENOVATED LIKE
V^new. 23Tenth; tel. -South 36. Mackintosh A Co.
JE. MlitHi-.LL, UA'KrW-i LKAMMi UoJ
O • 240 14th su : cleaning! 3o a yard. Tel. Mis. 74,
CARPET-CLEA.MNG, 3c: LAYING, He- RUG
aamplaa free; tel. •' esale 944. Stratton. 18 st.
fiONKLIX'S.- CARPr.T- BEATING WORK'S.
\ 1 ■>.- A > ■ '• ■! <■;»■>■ ■ vh. Te'fi-hOTiP Ka>it IV6.
PROFESSIONAL, CAKJDS.
JOHN E. iIICHARDS, LAW vi r FlCEli~Ko_i_i
O 26 and 27, Crocker builaiujf- itiepnouu ilam
75, Ban Francisco, Cat. »
OH.N K. AITKKA' AN D MA _ ASHEkT
any a a.: law. rim 515.516. sih rloor. Parrot tbldj
hTOKAttE.
TORAGE^cil^A^E^'FjN^TjririTrTVrFlß^
proof building: advances made. 211 Larktn.
If URN ITU Rk] PIANOS, TRUNKS: Af>
X I vance.s. sbippinz riiAS. L. TAYLOR. 30 A Paw,
\ HOTELS. ('- ' j -.'
TTROOKLYN HOTEL, 208-2 li - BfTSK .8T«
J) board and room $1 to $2 per day. 46 to" $12
per week; choice rooms 50 cents to. $1: suite
looms for family 91 10 SI 50 per night: tirst-class
service: free coacb. CHAP.LES MONTGOMERY.
PHYSICIANS.
tTr. C C. O'DONNELLrTS6^M^I?K^TrcOR!
XJ UoldenGate ay. ; diseases of women a specialty.
HOTTSTKS TO f.ET.
1 91 ?-» MISSION — HOUSE OF 14 ROOMS:
I^lo bath and range: suitable for roomers;
rent $40. . ,-- .; ______———
HOUSE OF 4 ROOMS, REAR 1310 1-A I.KIN
st. Apply 1318 LarKin st.^ : _
"r~7T- T'nt iv«,- v ijniv — VK., NEAR AN
O*L') NesSent reduced from #55 10 $45: fine
bay-window house; 9 rooms; suitable for ,1 doctor.
OOHE 8 ROOMS: YARD: FINE VIEW.
Lombard st . rear Hyde; rent $16.
"_»*„» 281* LAGUNJt: HOUSE « ROOMS.
tJfrZU. $16-1886 Union: corner; 4 rooms.
$14—1833 Union: 4 rooms. : •__
O-011 CALIFORNIA ST.. NEAR PIERCE— 6
202-' roams bath; basement with laundry:
rent $30. .
C ROOMS; SKCOND ST.:' $15 PER
0 month. Key at 539 • econd st. k_
Tt ROOMS; 637b s.-COND ST.; 817 Piiß
i month. Key at 539 _Second_st.
"ROOMS- NKW JHOUSE; MODKRN IM-
D provements: 45 Federal *>.; $15 per month to
desirable tenants. Key at 639 ■- econd st ,
\ 1 ..i-k..>T~hj JIU.NX" h'UH. VERY LiTTLK
Hn » at BALDWIN HAMMOND'* U
Won err st.
1-DKNISHJKI> HOUSES.
TTu^NISIIEDTioUSE'oF 10 ROOMS AND
r bath for sale. 622 Sacramento st.
COXTAGKS IO LKT.
riOTTAGEr'-TROOMS; LA RoT YARD. 2i 4
\j Colilngnood St.. bet. 19th and 20th.
_ !\>VU AGE: 5 ROOMS; BATH; BASE-
O ment: yard: rent cheap. Dolores and Fif-
teenth sts. . -
_•!;: NICE COTTAGE 5 ROOMS; BATH:
6i 0. sunny: yard: cellar. Key 7' 1 Treat aye.
II.AIS iO LET.
rnrtl JESSIE. JSriu^ktH-LO WKR VLA.T
*jLL% of 5 rooms, bath and gas: rent »16.
V-ION VENIKNT 5-KOOM FLAT: BATH. COR.
\J ncr Nineteenth and Hartford sts : Castro cars.
TVTKW SUNNY UPPKK FLAT: 4 ROOMS; 3176
JN 25th, cor.Folaom. J. A.ULRICH.4I rocker bl.
_»1 O BAY-WINDOW FLAT OF 4 ROOMS.
<2pl.i. 1364 Stevenson, near Thirteenth.
VKAR CITY HALL- "LEG ANT TOP FLAT,
IN 6 room-, bath: rent. $25 145 Grove street.
\tlOK BAY-WINDOW FLAT. 4 ROOMS. 14
i> Moss St., bet. Sixth and Seventh, nr. Howard.
'A- FELL -2 FLATS-. 4 ROOMS EACH;
OUO bath, large basement and yards; $15
and $16.
/".HKaT MODKRN FLATS, 5 AND 6
L rooms, f 8 to $16: see them. 523 Seventh st.
rfr'NNY FLAT NICELY FURNISHED. 706
O Van Ness aye.
V.I r MCALLISTER- 1 FLAT OF 7 ROOMS
UXO mid bath: terms reasonable. '
h~f\ FOLSOM-10 SUNNY ROOMS; RENT
0i U $22; water free. UMBSEN, 14 Montgom-
ery st.
L M AT I .-> BOOM S AND BATH: SUNNY BELT:
J 1 $15 per month; 2610Va Mission st. Apply 844
Capp st. . .
,-.).; AND 624 HAIGHT ST.— 'i FLATS OF 6
U— J. and 7 rooms, with bath; cheap rent 10 good
tenant. Apply to 1838 Kills st.
ill - GKAKY -4 UNFURNISHED ROOMS.
J.LO suitable for business Key 217 Geary st. ,
_* 1 Q AND $20: MODERN FLaTS, 5 AND 6
_> I O rooms. 94 and 96 Belcher sL, near S. end
Fill more. '
I - o\i "M LA 1 TfT DE A L PLACE, OFF FED-
T eral st.: 10 a tenant without children; $10 per
month. Key at 539 --ecoad st. .
c . I 1 LiiVl-.LV SUNNY FLAT 6 ROuMS,
J&l't. bath and gas. 3928 Nineteenth at., beu
Noe and Sanchez.
1 ■'LAIS To itJi-sT tUX VKRY LITTLK
X money at EALiiWI-S <fc HAAIAIONI/Si 1U
jucntcorr.prr si
» WE SI NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THE
-A. WEEKLY CALL. Id tvraoijer. for malllnu
HOlbtKttl'lAti iiOOMs.
Clay Street.
ifiQCCLAY — SUNNY FRONT ROOMS;
1 DOJ closets, bath: convenient; furnished or
unfurnished: low rent; single :urnlshed room, $5.
r.ildv Street.
fr QA EDDY-FURNISHED SUNNY DOUBLE
i)Ou housekeeping rooms; $7 per month.
1 nth Street.
Ql A FIFTH — SUNNY FRONT BAY-WIN-
-01 rt dow room; kitchen; bath; no children: $12.
Fifteenth Street.
inn FIFTEENTH-SUITE HOUSEKEEPO
IOJLU rooms: also single rooms; oath: gas; sun.
Golden (late Avenue. .' '
On? GOLDEN QaTE-LARSIS ALCOVE AND
OUO kitchen for housekeeping; other rooms. ■
_..;;■:-•.• . tiuwani sireo..
709 HOWARD— TWO LARGE ROOMS FUB-
i OZi nished for housekeeping reasonable.
n(\A HOWARD. COR. THIRD— FIX KLY FUR.
• v/t: nished rooms: also sunny housekeeping.
.. i.jue Stree;.
fj()Q HYDE— 3 ROOMS COMPLETELY FUR-
\J\JU nished for housekeeping; separate en-
trance: $18.
Jetikie street.
(\~\C\ JESSIE-2 NICE FLOORS OF 3 ROOMS
\JQ\J each: unfurnished: rent $11 and $12 each,
i.*iikiii » roo..
49q larkin-sonny;furnished rooms
M— v complete for housekeeping; terms mod.
McAllister Street. .
499 MCALLISTER ST. -HOUSEKEEPING
~£"~ rooms; also front room.
Minna Street.
OaCi. MINNA- NEATLY FURNISHED
k)\J\J housekeeping rooms; also single; near sth.
Mission Street.
Q.G.Q. MISSION-TWO FURNISHED HOUSE-
v-'UU keeping rooms complete.
9794- MISSION, NEAR TWENTY-THIRD—
*• ' ~^ Large sunny bay-window room; running
water: grate; gas: connecting room; complete
for uouseieeptng. '
Montgomery Street. .
=97 MONTGOMERY, COR. CLAY — OPEN
<J— I until 9:3- o'clock: branch office of THE
Call; subscriptions and want ads taken.
>*m-<:iki Street.
X] C SECOND— 4 FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
UXU hoiisek-eeping; kitchen, parlor and 2 bed-
room rent $14.
Seventh street.
1 nn SEVENTH- ! LARGE ROOM NICELY
-I- OU furnished for housekeeping; < heap.
•■no Mrea^.
14Q THIRD — SUNNY HOUSKKEEPINQ
x TO rooms; complete: first floor: bath; gas.
twelfth Street. ~~
1 ACi. TWELFTH-LARGE AND WKLL-FUR-
L3U nished housekeeping rooms; recently ren-
\ au >«.»k a venae.
51 Q VAN NE4S-SUN~NY PARLOR FLOOR;
y lu unfurulslied; $25; also furni/hed suite.
10? I VAN " :nK '^ m AYE.-SUNNY SUITE, 3
rent $22 50° m * " nd kJMshen - B as range; complete;
C^EEKL^ A ?t D t BEST ™ AMKBICA-THB
United !su,« „ A / LL ' Ke " to Rnv address in the
ace free. r Canada one year for $160, post-
I'.OOMS TO LEX. ~
*.ddy Street.
21 7 J;on^~ rt - XXI^ 1: U " ISHKI ' DOUBLE
i front and back parlor; rent reasonable. .
1130 K1^ JJV - ,"'■'' •"'-'••MSRSON SQUARK-
riois^eren^re^^eS 1 ' 6 ' 1 large **?***»
i^ightli Street. ,
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE 28 BTH
& »l. near Market? fur.lahed and s_-ft,gi._g
■fc-llia Street.
ROYAL HOUSK, 126 ELLIS — TVPANTIFH.
cent lights in every room: I r^lne-r^om, con-
taining daiiy papers: smoking-room and ladles-
parlor; open all night; rooms per nleht 35c to
«1 50; week, 92 to ¥8: month $8 to «a - fire Vs°
capes; elevator on otlice floor; annex of 65 rooms
now ready: hot and cold water In each room; baths?
rPHK RAMONA, 130 ELLIS, MRS. KATE S.
1 HART. manajer-A quiet house : centrally it
cated; newly furnished: elevator; hot& cold water.
r^'jQ ELLIS— LAROiK SUNNY t'ROSTKOOJI
OCO well furnished, »10: gag , bath? «"««
fourth Street. '
C] «A FOURTH - L V . FFTRNIRHED
\JJ- \J sunny rooms, with grate; new building.
. , , . . Otarr Street.. .. «-■
49A GEARY— SUNNY FRONT AL-
t:*jV cove suite; also single room; running water.
luiii«ii tint- .i\tuut.
QAO GOLDEN GATE A YE.— ALCOVE AND
\j\j*j kitchen for boosekeeplng: other rooms.
; * .«.o»gr(l >krue..
QQQ HOWARD, COR. OF> SIXTH— NICELY
'JV'J fnrmshel saltes, $3 60 a week, single bed«
$1 25 to $1 50. double beds $1 50 to $2 50 a week.
. . .• Jones street. »>; ■ . ~*
907 JONES-THK VAN WINKLE: NEW
— \J < . management; ■ elegant - annoy suites and
single; newly furnished; b»th, etc.; $10 to*m
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 20, 1897.
ROOMS TO Continued.
'Huarny Street. ' .
A RLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KKARNY —
XV. Pleasant sunny rooms, en ami single; first.
class lr. ever, respect; termi reasonable.
"\ris.W A V E N 6 E HOUSE, 9<i4 KEARNY ST.,
XI corner Jackson— single rooms 19,20,25.50
cents per nluht:. special rates per week or month.
Leaven worth Street.
mLEAVENWOKTH — SUNNY SUITE,
I X"x parlors: also front alcove room; rent very
reasonable.
Market Street.
707 MARKET-ELEGANT SUITES AND
l"l single; newly furnished and carpeted.
A' Ot-KMM ■••-, «Ol>K. 10-15 MARKET — ris.l4
X niclu. 36c to *1; wi-i-k. *l 50 to $5: families.
JicAUisio. Street. '
.Cl C MCALLISTER— SUNNY ROOM: LARGE
010 closet; hoi and cold water; reasonable;
gentleman only.
... . 31cl»ea Court. -
lARGK FRONT ROOM. FURNISHED OR
JJ unfurnished; bath, fireplace: In private fam-
ily: terms reasonable. 11 1 McLeu court, oft
Ninth st.
Minna Street.
AOT MINNA, BET. FIFTH AND SIXTH—
"J»'i- Nicely furnished front rooms, $5 a month
and up; hot and cold water baths.
(\(\7 MIJf NA . CORNER EIGHTH— NEWLY
\J\J 4 furnished bay-window rooms, $1 a wee.{.
Mission Street.
HANCOCK HOUSE, 781 MISSION: SELECT
XX family rooming-house: $1 50 to $6 per week.
lost Street.
9901 POST (THE DOMUS)— SUNNY PUR-
*-^C?2 nished rooms; tine location; reasonable.
7-] o POST — 2 NICELY .FURNISHED
I Xo rooms partly furnisheJ ; basement.
1 RO7 PUST— L\RGE AND SMALL SUNNY
±O\J 1 rooms; quiet, family; fine view. - , ;
Powell street.
P.AO POWELL,' NEAR SUTTER — SUNNY
O\JO double parlors, furnished or unfurnished,
also kitchen. • /
>« <. mill street.
97 SECOND — WEBB HOUSE; ELEGANT
0 I furnished rooms. MRS. LINDSAY, Prop.
Sixth Street.
1 91 SIXTH— NICE feUNNY FRONT BUITE,
!<->'- able for bath or manicuring; cheap.
99 SIXTH — Cl E T SUNNY ELEGANT
00 rooms; ill conveniences; fireproof building.
BH U >>WICK HOUSE, 148 SIXTH— OPKN
a 1 night rooms: 25c to $1 per night, $1 25 to
$5 per week. J. G. DRAKE, manager. , •  ,
Mocklnn street." .
TIIE EUROPEAN, 17 STOCKTON ST PUR-
X nished rooms, en suite or single; hot, cold water
In every room: baths: elevator: transient solicited.
i- i»ller -trea..
Q9J. BUTTER— NICELY FURNISHED ROOM
O—^i in private family: gentlemen only; central.
'a ay lor streoc. \ '■"■ >
1 A A TAYLOR— NEWXY FURNISHED SUN-
Xttty ny rooms, single or en suite. '
. 31 isce ! Lan co us.
SW. COR. SIXTEENTH ST., NEAR MISSION:
branch office of The Call . Subscriptions and
want ads taken. ■ ' \ ,
BOARDING AND KOO3IS.
nn HYDE — Nit KI.Y FURNISHED BOOMS;
TIU privilege parlor end piano: table first class.
A A SIXTH ST.— THE MANCHESTER; ELK-
"■■j {ant furnished sunny rooms, with fine table
board. -;%
OTKL BKRTI.ING. 714 BUSH— A FAMILY
hotel: reftr'ences: all modern conveniences.
A-l cy EIJDY— LOVELY SUNNY PARLORS
il- and other rooms, with board: $20 up.
.-CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United states or Canada one year for $1 60, post-
*cefres
STOKBS io I.XT. .-^^
1 O()9 STOCKTON — BEST.' LOCATION IN
X OUO the block; suitable for any line of busi-
ness; rent, $45. Apply dry good 3 store, 1305
Stockton s:. •
Q«_> CLEMENTINA— STORE AND 9 ROOMS;
OO cheap rent: key at 23.-
COO SIXTH— STORE, 8 ROOMS; LARGE
OZiJj yard; rent $12: water free.
TORE AND 3 KOi 'Ms. GOOD LOCATION
for dressmaker; sunny belt: $16 per month;
2610 Mission st. Apply 844 Capp st. •'
•lift i'OURTII -SMALL STORK WITH ROOM
*±1U in rear: low rent. Apply to G. H. UMBSEN
A CO., 14. Montgomery st. - : yi ■'
"IJAKBER-SHOP. WITH BATHS: ESTAB-
X> llahed 16 yean; $18 per month; key at 539
second st. ■ ' '
lai pent bop; $7 per month. 6 De Boom St.;
key at 539 ond st '-:-•
Plumbing-shop; $8 per month. 3 De Boom at.;
key at 539 Second st. . .
Corner store, 531 second St.; $14 per month;
key at 539 Second st.
yAjiAND 806 POST— HALF OF STORE TO
OUU rent; reasonable terms to desirable party.
T LOW KENT— PAR I U* STORK AND
b.a-em<-nt. 324 Pos'. St.
OFFICES TO I.F.T.
V^u3Tny^ S NTcTXY^TKT<A^rED~^7FFTcEs^
suitable doctors or dentists; alterations made
to suit tenants, 14 Third st. .
LEGaNTLY FURNISHED SUNNY
offices tor doctors or dentists: centraL - -426
Sutler su ■ ' •
ESK BOOM. WITH FULL UsE OF OFFICE;
rent *5. Apply 509 Kearny St.. room 8.
LOST. .
T OST— PASSBOoIc WITH 7 THE^HIBERNIA
XJ Savings and loan >o ie y of san Francisco, in
the name of GUISEPPr. AGLIA (N a 270367).
The finder will please return to bank.
OST-ON SUNDAY, ENGLI.-U POINTER,
white, with yellow marks. Return to 1208
Sntter st. Liberal reward.
SUITABLE REWARD FOR return OF
10 sheets revenue stamps to 309-311 Sacra-
mento St., city. ' - . ' ' ' ;
LOST— OPEN-FACED WALTHAM SILVER
watch. Please return la Third st. and receive
reward. . " ' -
I OS I l —A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBER-
\j nia Savings and l.oan Society of San Fran-
cisco in the name of MICHAEL ROONEY, No.
186-1004. The finder will please return to bank.
RANCH OFFICE OF THE CALL, 167 MATH
at.: want ad* and subscriptions taken.
~~~~ FOUNW.
O^JN7C^A"bT^u7rtA V Y~N7Giirr7XTA^?rE
J; mastiff dog, tag 2325. Call at 625 Mission st.,
saloon. . -.. ; .- '..■. < \~:.'>'
T/hTUnTj-A LADY'n WATCH: ')> BRANNAN
X? at.. January 10. Apply 11 Perry St.
HORSES.
""iTTHORSIiS^FOR SALE; ALSO WAGONS,
lyf buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse
Market, 327 Sixth st. : auction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN <fc DOYLE, Auctioneers. ,
flMiti EMPORIUM BALES YARDS, 220 VA.
1 lenda st.. Is the place to go If you want to bay.
sell or exchange horses, bugxles, wagons 'or har-
ness: auction sales every Saturday, at 11 o'clock.
t/wi BET NEW AND SsfcCON b-HA-\ v liAil-
i)UU ness: all kinds: bn»gy.wa«on. carts, surre/
& rocka way; 40 cheap horses. IBth and Valencia.
T~f\ HEAD DRIVING AND WORK >lOR8Es;
O\J weight 1000 to 1700 Iba. 862 Howard st.
riHEAP-FINE HOUSE AND DUMP-CART.
\J Inquire ■ Vallejo at., near Hyde, In rear.
TTTnE 6-YEAR-OLD MARE; SUITABLE FOB
r business or private use. 605 McAllister.
UAIiO.N-j AM» CAUUIAUJba.
■_To^7a~000" PAYING COUPE STAND
ijPOOU. for sale. H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market.
ioit bAx!jfc;-aile>ClsL,l.A>'KOUs. •
I~^OR BAh&^OO^GWCI^Rr-St'tßEryrKLL
!T stocked;. sell on account of sickness. Apply
1062 FoUom st. . . . ■ . i
T.IOR WALE— CAKT AND BUGGY. 220 DOR-
J; land su. between Church and Sanchez.
yOR SALE -A SECOND-HAND - 36- INCH
X I bellows; almost as good as new. . 89V3 leJeral
St.. off Second, near Bryant. ' -. :*.':. V
TVTEW ELMWOoD RANGES ARE THE BEST.
xV W. a RAY MFG. CO, 12 California Bt. ~
L/OJLERS,ENGINES,2D-HANU MACHINERY
XJ water-pipes. Mclntosh A Wolpman, 187 Bealo.
i.AKS, BACK BARS, MIRRORS. SHOW-
1/ cases, counters, linoleum, office furniture,
store and office furniture and fixtures, new and
secondhand. J. N()ONAr»', 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission su, above Sixth. ..-■'. ■■:'..•- '.• ■'■■.-.
A US, SCALES. MIRRORS, FRENCH
ranges, etc.. bought, sold. MEEK, 1118 Mission.
IVJATIONAL CASH RE«.I>TER, GOOD OR-
' J.l ■ der; also large folding-door safe. 8 .Mission at.
/COFFEE MILL. SCALES. LETTER PRESS,
\J stand desk, money till, sate: cheap. 102 Clay.
I4 AR3, «HOWCA»E», COUNTERS, BtIKLV-
I) ing, etc., 1 ought and gold. 1063 Mission, nr.7th.
NX SMALL MEDIUM AND LAUUE-HIZK
tin- and burglar proof safe. 109-111 Market at.
KfCWOW 31AUHIKJSS. •■•'
ou orv .LE A Y IN O : CITY / AND M U ST SELL
3d— U. elegant, almost new White sewing ma-
chine; 5 drawers; complete attachments. 704 Pine.
ALL KINDS BOUGHT, bOLU. EXUHANOKD,
rented .repaired; lowest rates. 205 i'ourtU ah
rrKsoxALs.
HELP! HELP!
At last has been found for rheumatism, neu-
ralgia and nerves. No need of any . more suffer-
DX. SMITH'S ELECTRO-MAGNETIC BATHS
Will cure any case, light or severe. No maner
how long the patient has suffered lie will be cured
at 1533 Buchanan St.
A IRA DE FORCE GORDON. ATTORNEY
at law. 1 1236 Market, over J. ,T. O'Brien's.
fJIHE BEST SINN IN THK WORLD: ENAM-
-I- •ed 1 tters. Go to factory, 409 Sanchez st. .
DU. ITU'S CATAERH CURE GUARAN-
teed to stop that cat rrh: 50c. 1533 Buchanan.
PRIVATE DETECTIVE WO UK DONE AT
i reasonable rates: 10 years' experience: best of
references given: all matters strictly confidential;
address or call 223 Stevenson. ( [A. D. WEBSTER.
DVICE FREE; ; DIVORCE LAWS A SP"&
cialiy: private: no charge unless successful:
ell. lawsuits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc.,
attended to. G. W. HOWE. atty-at-law, 850 .Market
KTROPOLITAN DETECTIVE . HUKKAU,
i-»l Parrott building, over Emporium; offices, 540-
-541: hours ' a m. to 12 p. M.: tele. Mint 1471.
LI) GOliU BOUGHT: HIGHEST FBlCfc:*. O.
NOLTE, Jeweler, 222 O'Farrell st., nr. Mason.
A FEW STUDENTS WANTED BY DR. P.. H.
. XX. COWAN, Chiropodist. 126 Keamy, room 24.
MY HAIRDhKSSING SUITS THE FACE;
my prices (25c.) suit the customer: my par-
lors are neat and clean and so are the attendants;
I res ; ore tray or bleached hair, to natural color.
G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st., nearest Geary.
p ENTLEMAN PARTNER WANTED, WITH
vl $25, by upincumpered lady. 120 Ellis. T. 17.
PAINTING, WHUK PAPERING,
etc. ; times are hard; must have work. ! F. ED-
WARDS, 1200 Webster st, cor. Eddy.'
PAINTING AND TINTING: FURNITURE
-1- polished and enameled at lowest figure. Ad-
dress 122 Broad St., station L. ' -
1 HAH CARDS, $160. SHOW CARDS. ETC.
lUUU Tel. Black 141. HILL. 22y a Geary st.
AKSAGE AND MAGNETIC HEALING;
ladles only: one treatment free. 407 Ociavia.
OJ; 1 A DOZEN— FIN CABIN^Ta AT WIL-
«JpI SON'S Gallery. 1028 Market.
GET A SHAVE A 1 THE LADIES' BARBER-
vJ shop, 757 a Howard St.. near Fourth.
A'i THK PEOPLE'S ONii DOLLAR MEDICAL
Institute, all cases treated and medicines fur-
nished for 91: call or write. 1029^ Market «L,
bet. Sixth and Seventh. San Francisco. CaL
Z.')i7 MONTGOMERY ST., BRANCH OFFICE
«/— i of In Call: want ads and subscriptions
taken. '
I. AUTINGTON'S fCHOOL .OF MAG \ZINE
.' and Newspaper Illustration: particulars as to
terms, etc., 424 Pine st- ; illustrations iurulshed
for magazines, newspapers, etc.
KTISITC HAIRIJKE.» I N(J, 25c; 925 FI)R
cases of hair falling or dandruff 1 cannot cure.
MRS. HUBBARD, 1104 Market st, room 28.
/TIHE 'ANIMATOSCOPh, THE PERFECT
"i- screen machine. . For price of hand or motor
machines call or address A nlmatoscope Company,
9.53 Market st, San Francisco, seventh floor.
IVR.-C E. ( FAKNUM HAS MOVED TO THK
-L/ Parrott building, over Emporium, 3d fl., r. £03.
1 i UPTUKK PILiiS CUBED: No Pa V
J-t until cured: send for book. DBS. MANS-
FIELD A PORTKRFIELD. 838 Market st.
AGNISCOPK — NKW PROJECTING MA-
Chine; uses the klnetoseope films; price $250.
BACIGALUPI, 946 Market at.
U UlTa CLKANKD. r'KISsSKU, $1; REPAIRS
dyeing done. 131 Moutcomerv, r. i 6 tel. red 2374.
\»rALLPAPEB, 4C A ROLL: PAPER HANG-
' ' 'Ins, painting. eta, by contract or day's work, at
your own price. N.E. MERIGAN. 1302 Webster st.
IG OUTDOOR STERKOPTICON SHOW EVE-
1' ry night cor. Market and Sixth sfs.: artistic ad-
vertisements In 'living light: ' promoters of bVtsl-
Dess. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market st.
ELKCIRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM;
Winchester House. 44 Third st., nr. Market;
200 rooms, 25c to $1 CO per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week ; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
AYE YOUR. FEATKER-BEDS AND PlL-
lows filled. McC ABE'S, 870 Mission, cor. 6th.
Dl VOKCr. AND ANNULMENT uP MAR-
riagej terms of payment obliging: legal every-
where, 'd dress lock box F, 9U6 Market st., S. F.
RAZOR EXCHANGE, 050 MARKET— BasH.-
ment: fine edge put on razor for 25 cents.
C~~u5aKH, KUKS AND bUlls DETAILED A I
\J wholesale prices. Factory. 20 Sansome st.
blihssMAkiiKs. '
pOMPETE.NT DRESSMAKER WISHES PRI-
-*J vate pnp Is In dressmaking. D.. box 22, Call.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLKGE, 24 POST—
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, telegraphy, languages,- English branches.
elec:rlcal eugineerlns; 'M teachers; 16,000 gradu-
ates; day and evening sessions; catalogue. . .
V RES', THE LEADING COLLKGK. S^t
•■t*- Montijomery St.: individual I Instructloa lin
sbortbaad, . typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc
lit* scholarship 990: low rates Der week and mo.
KLASCP'S LYCEUM' SCHOOL OF ACTING —
Private theatricals arranged: pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12, 1.0.0. F. block, 7th and Mku
IJOuKKKkPINU THOROUGHLY IN b WKEKS
-L) or year's course free; only accountant teaching.
TARK, room 672. Parrott Emporium building.
MKS. MELVILLE SNYDER, 25"17V2 CALl-
fornia— Vocal music, piano and elocution;
practical actlnc; vocal classes. $1 per month.
TIKHL'S SHORTHAND AND BUSINESS
College, 723 Market st; students trained: office-
situations secured; lowest rales or credit for tuition.
ENG.Ni-.fc.KlNO SCHOOL: MECH.. ELEC,
civil, mining, survey, assay, archlt. X ray
tauziu:es.lB64. A. VAN DEBNAILLKN.723 Mtci
ÜBSCRIPTIONS AND WANT ADS FOR THE
i am. taken at branch office, 339 Hayes st.;
open until 9:30 o'clock. .-•
AN Jo, MANDOLIN AND GUITAR TllOK-
otißhly taught at 60c per lesson. PROF. AP-
PLEBY. 214 Ellis . ■
BAN JO, PIANO, MANDOLI ■ AND GUITAR
thoroughly tanght; lessons 50c. 125 Tenth st.
RAWING AND PAINTING TAUGHT; EU-
ropean artist; 95 mo. 305 Larkln, r. 105; p m.
C ING.'NO; PIANO; PARIS GRADUATE;
» French, German languages: $2 mo. 109 Taylor.
OICE, DRAMA, ORATOKY: PRIVATE AND
class. Prof. KOss, Douohoe bldg;l2 to 1, 7 to a
pROF. L. KAN KIN — VIOLIN. MANDOLIN
i mandoia;terms reasonable. 225Geary,nr. Powell
/"I UIiAB., MANDOLIN. JfiANO AIS VuCAt.
VT lessons. $3 ma 3 Mary Westhauv. 39 Fifth.
OOKKPNG. WRUNG. ARITHM'IG. GRAMK.
day & night: nocla<s<*«: $5 month. 845 Mission.
tiAlK> OYANTS.
M""*' THOMAS, SCIENTIFIcItEVKAri^
er by eggs and cards; tells entire life, past,
present, future; consultations on all affairs; noth-
ing excepted; names given: good advice: sure
help; restores lost love by sympathy; mistake Im-
possible: fee $1: letter $2. 929 Post st. nr Larkln.
ISS VAN DE VEBK, THK MARVEL OF
many lands— Past accurately reviewed: future
precisely foretold; mines located; business and
love affairs • a. specialty; mug net Ist, letters an-
swered. Room 1, 1 Fifth st.
G" YPSY QUKEN, MARVEL^ OF MANY
vl lands, magnelist; past accurately reviewed;
. future precisely foretold: love and busings spe-
cialty; mines located; letters answered. Room 1,
1 Fiftnst. ! ■ -
ME. WALTERS OF TEHAMA; CARDS; LA,
dies. 26c: gents, 60c. 951 Mission, nr. 6tb.
VI ME. BAVENA -BEADS LIFE FLUENTLY;
lv business advice; names Riven; 25c up.sFourtb
MMX. SYBILLK TKLL-) FROM CBaDLK TO
grave; pictures given:ladies 25c: »14 O'FarrelL
VI ME. MOBEAU, BEST CLAIRVOYANT
ii and medium in city; fee 26c up. 764 Howard st-
ME. HAN HEN; THE BEKT FUTUBE SUC-
cess assured: 25c: one price. 41 Minna st.
GV PSY LIFE- DEADER BEMOVKD TO 3
- Seventh st , nr. Market; ladles 25c, gents 50c.
,A,f MX RUTH HARBISON OF N. V., MAG-
i»I netic healer: card-reader.' Tt. 17. 109 a Powell.
b* i.ullAl.i.iJl. •
ME OMAN, SPIRITUAL TRANCE MEDI-
um; life readings, love affairs, business Invest-
ments, mining speculations specialty. 838 Mission.
E5l MEETING TO-NI».HT: 10C; 335 McAL-
lister: Stilt, Clem others; skeptics Invited.
MBS.. : J. j. WHITNEY, CLAIRVOYANT,
trance test medium & life reader. 218 Stockton
KOPLK'S "MEETING, 1.1 LAKK IN ST., AT
8 P. m.: good la. out: election of officers.
K. aDDIE SWAIN BhTUBNEuj SITTINGS
and treatment to ladles: fee, moderate. 51 Fifth.
M. FKANCIS, INDEPENDENT SLATE
. writer. 118 Halcht St.; hours 9 until 6 p. m.
MKS. H.LLIS, MEDIUM: SITTINOS.9 TO B. 91;
I*J circles Tues . Frl.. 2p. m.. gsc 233 Valencia.
i v UI.TNOXJ.SJI..
HYPNOTISM'SCIKNTIFICALLY TAUGHT;
success grld.Hvt>notlcMesmerlclns,6 O'Farrell
• ATTOKNiiILa-AT-LAW. '.
D^VH^F^E^^IUvTJmjE^CA^VS^
ally; private; no charge Unless successful; all
Jaw suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G. v\ . HOWE, atl'y-at-law. 850 Market.
A DVICE FREE: NO CHARGE UNLESS BUC-
A. Cesafui: J.O. JEFFRKBS, 632 Market, rm.23.
1) » W. KING, CHRONICLE BI.DG; CONSUL-
t. tatlon free; probate: all cases: fees low. '
A DVICF FKIiK: NO CHARGE UNLESS
i\. tessful. W. W. DAV'IWSUX. 927 Market su
Hi CYCLES. . • ,
"S^O^vTlTTbuv^ ZA^rT^l^REhVKtPelSi-
ts£Zi cycle; almost new. Call 326y t Bush si.,
room 20, be . 9 and 1 km. : v . ■:.•
EN HUBS, BRAND NEW, »*6; BARGAINS
in second-hand wheeSs. Davis BROS.,
cycle department, v; 5 Geary st. ■ ;i =•;?•
: a>l SWELL BPKOIAL CLEVELAND IN
<JpJ-Ov. perfect coudiiion for 50. 405 Geary.
CITY KEAt ESTATE. '. ?s?.£*; ;
ffl»Q7pT~looxl2o FKET: COR. CAMBRIDGE
OI O. and Maryland sts. : University Home-
stead Association.
$250—40x106:3; E. side Tara St., 160 feet N.
Mount Vernon aye. : San Miguel J.omeste d Asso-
ciation.  • ■ ■
$175—100x120; block 115; University Home-
stead Association. • ■
9950 will buy 2 lots 150x100 each; Excelsior
Homestead Association. »
*325— 25x125: N. side Lobds near Plymouth;
street graded, macadamized; sidewalks laid; Rail-
road Homestead Association; Ocean View.
. OSAB. C. FISHEH, 507 California st.
ANY SAVING MONEY
AND ARE BECOMING INDEPENDENT.
, < ABE YOU? .
Take a pleasant rifle on the cars to-day and see
the Ca&tru-street Addition; note the many build-
ings in course of erection: see how others are ob-
taining their own homes: nearly 160 lots have been
sold; prices, $350 to $400; terms, $5 monthly ;
streets graded, severed and macadamized.
i ake Mission or Valencia . hi. cars; transfer at
Fourteenth st. to electric road:, transfer again at
Thirtieth st. and ride 5 minutes to the corner of
Castro and C'henery his.; agent on the ground Sun-
days, (.all at our office, or on E. M. LONG, 3207
Twenty-second St., cor. Mission. -
BALDWIN & HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st.
C. BEMIS, ~~-
. KEAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
324 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR SALE.
Choice boildlnslot on Army and 27th sts. ; close
to electric road.
$450— San Carlos Villa lot; 100x150 feet.
$6700— 50x127:6 feet on Jackson St., overlook-
ins; the Presidio and bay. v'
- $6000—2 modern houses of 8 rooms each at
park; '.'6x137:6 feet; electric roao passes houses;
make offer. .
$8500— Elegant NW. corner of Cole and Carl sts.
$300— Choica building lots north of park.
Bargain— SW. cor. Fifth ay. and C st. : 109x95 ft.
I/ 1 OR SALE UN EASY ' TERMS-MODERN
-T houses on Masonic aye. and Waller St.; house*
contain salon parlors, dining-room, billiard-room
and 6 large bedrooms, bath, kitchen and laundry;
rooms beautifully decorated; sun In every room;
see them to-day. Take Baigbt or Ellis streetcar,
(,et off at Masonic aye.; owner on premises.
A(\(U\ FOR >ALIS OR EXCHANGE.
•ip'iUUU. New cottage on 23d aye.. East Oak-
land: .6 rooms and bath: high basement; brick
foundation; bay windows; lot 62x160.
G. H. UMBSEN A CO..
14 Montgomery st.
"VTICW HOUSE: ONLY ONE I.EFT; 2849 FILL-
-L\ more st.: will Bell cheap; built by day's work:
furnace heat: unobUruoted marine view; good
Investment: house open. , '
7 BOOMS; NEW; JUST FINISHED; EASY
1 terms: see It to-day; 35 Joost aye.: close to
cars: Sunivside Tract. THE MCCARTHY COM-
PANY, 646 Market St.
JiIDiUAL l>»XliL r ilJi>TS.
A RE : rEMPL^TING THE PUIfV
A chase of a piano? if so our warerooms contain
the most desirable stock from which to make the
selection; bargains for cash, insta Iments or rent
contract plan: we are selling some pianos for 93,
$4 an I $5 per month: beautiful new uprights for
$6, $7, $8, $9. and $10 per month; no cash pay-
ment required larger than the above amounts all
purchasers of upright pianos from us have the
privilege of exchanging same for a Stelnway any
time within 3 years from date of purchase with-
out sacrifice SHERMAN, (LAY & CO., repre-
sentatives of Stein way «£ Son's pianos, cor. Kearny
and suiter sts.. San Francisco:, also Oakland,
Cal.; Portland. Or.: Seattle. Wash.
E HAVE SECURED THE AGENCY OF
the wonderful Ivers & Pond pianos, a specially
(elected stock: all styles, uprights and grands:
just received;, it is impossible to make a better
piano: absolutely without a weak point; sole
agents for Ivers <& Pond, Lindeman, Connor,
Muehlfeld. Haynes and Singer pianos. J. T,
BOWERS & SON, Metropolitan Temple building.
ABSOLUTELY THE OLDEST AND LARGEST
house west of Chicago is KOHLKR <fc
CHASE'S, 26, 28 and SO O'Farrell st.; pianos, or-
gans and all other musical instruments, of all
grades and prices: terms easy; prices lowest;
everything possible done to please and satisfy uw
customer. - . ■ - ■
* CTUALA.Y TH IS BEST BARGAINS IN PC-
A anos; nee our list for this week; pianos on $<
$4. $0, 96, $7, $8, 99, 910, $15, $20 monthly pay-
meats: fine stool and cover with each; delivered
free anywhere in tha city and kept tuned by ex-
pert concert tuners. The F. W. SPEA'CEU CO,
calesrooms 923 Market St.. opp. Mason.
AINKS. BUbH & GERTS AND KNABE Pl-
anos: get our reduced prices; fine second-hand
upright*. $135: organs, $35. W. C. HAMILTON,
successor to A. L. BANCROFT & CO., 324 Post St.
PIANOS SiL.D, RENTED, TUNED. Rh>
X paired, polished, shipped, stored, tor lower rates
than any other firm in. the cry. J. HARRY
SCOTT, 526 Hayes st. - .
ARGAIN — FINE CHICKERING $100.
SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister St.. next Hlbernia
Bank. / v
A DMINiSTKATOK'S SALE — MU.-T Sr.LL.
.* V pianos at immense reduction for cash or on
Ins: ailments. EATON ESTATE, 735 Market.
I IN E SQUABE, r sds; STEIXWAY OR
"Decker Bros., 9350. New uprights, best and
cheapest, at MAUVAIS', 7«9 Market st. • y
fllj^i/i A GOOD 7-OCTAVE UPKIGHT; FINE
«Jp»JU. condition; $51nstallmts.221Leavenworth.
QUAKE WEBKR PIANO IN GOOD CONDI-
-tlon for sale cheap. 102 Taylor st. '•■ '
SHAW. STEINWAY $250, CUICKERING
$185;sreat bargains: 94 mo. HEIXE.I36 EUla,
/ft» I CLA DKCKER BROS.': IX GOOD ORDER.
7b LOU. BRUENN'S piano home. 228 Post.
Til AUNU'ICKKT STKIK WA V UPRIGHT AND
■Ltl Kchubert: little used; sacrifice. 1019 Van AND
Schubert: little used; sacrifice. 1019 Van New
WG. BADGE It. SOJuE A' ENT FOR HALLET
' » ' «<fe Davis and Francis Bacon pianos. 406sacto.
YRON MAI 808 PoST ST.— >OHMth,
Sen 4 Kvans. Britrgs and other pianos.
C UPEKIOP. VIOLINS, ZITHh.BS, OLD <t NEW
k 1 11. MULLER. maker, repairer 2i a bam place.
~T rt'ttKS NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— TIiS
. ; \ WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, tor mailing.
UKDICAL.
A" "sure, safe an d'sPEEdV cube for
A all female diseases; ladies may have the bene-
fit of the skill and attention of a physician of long
and successful practice. A. home in confinement
with b. st care, with the privacy of a home and the
conveniences of a hospital. Those who are sick or
discouraged should call on the doctor and slate their
case. All consultation free and confidential. Sole
agent Bex Magnus, the great worid-tenowed rem-
edy for borne treatment. MBS. DR. GWYER.
226 lurk st. . .
R. J. 11. JOSSKLYN, THE GREAT SPECIAL-
Ist, still offers his valuable services to the un-
fortunate. W i.li a mind matured and enriched by
studies of an advanced order, there Is hardly a
disease In the catalogue of human Ills be cannot
treat to a peifect cure. Ladles, he is always ready
to assist you. His Knowledge has been strength-
ened by extensive experience. No case peculiar
to your delicate organism is. beyond his sure con-
trol. His female monthly remedies are sure and
safe In their effects. His tried and valuable reme-
dies for lost manhood are never-falling in their
action, and are warranted lor both young and old.
He excels all others In cure of private diseases.
Over 60 years of practice enables him to warrant
a cure in all cases. Consultation parlors. 906
Market st. Call or write direct to 91)6 Market st.,
rooms 11 and 12. , \
NEW KKMEDY THAT IS PERFECTLY .
harmless; never falls in any case of monthly
sickness, no matter what the cause may be. Price
$5 to 910. No electricity or Instruments; never
makes sick to make well: travelers helped; no
delay; years' experience: first-class borne In con-
finement. Dr. & Mrs. Davies,' 14 McAllister st.,
next Hibernia Bank. Consult free; French pills
92: hours. 9 a. M . to 4, 7to 8 p. m. . .
A i-KuUkss THAT NEVER FAILS TO RE-
x\. store every case of monthly sickness from
whatever cause in a few hours when medicines
and others have failed; no instruments used;
many years' experience: every case guaranteed:
advice free: terms reasonable; first-class private
home for confinement. MRS. Dl>. DALE V, 112J
Market st., over the Owl Drug Store.
NEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU-
ment or worthless pills used; every woman
her own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause; restores always in one day ;can be
sent, and used at home; all canes guaranteed; do
not, trust Incompetent female physicians. DR.
POPPER, the well-known pioneer, 318 Kearny st,
X FOUI.KT'S FRENCH CAPSULES— A
guaranteed absolute cure for all female dis-
ease* (no matter what cause): positively safe and
sure; no dang or after effects: taken In time It
also acts as a preventive: price 91 50 per box;
sent free by mall on receipt of price. WALLER
BROS., 33 Grant aye.
R. AND MRS. WEGENBB. 626 EDDY ST.;
private home with every comfort: separate
rooms before and during confinement; all female
complaints skillfully : treated; regular physician;
quick relief for tiavelers; best care; terms moder-
ate; consultation free: pills 92.
LL CASES OF MONTHLY SUPPRESSION
restored in a few hours: safety assured at any
time; Instant relief for travelers: home in confine*
ment: consult free; confidential; hours. 10 to 5.
MRS. DR. WYKTH. 916 Post St., near Larkln. ■'
A SURE CURE FOB ALL .FEMALE . 018-
-eases, from whatever cause; home In confine-
ment; every comfort: satisfaction guaranteed or
money refunded. MRa DR. OWYr R, '226 Turk st.
A LPEAU'S FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TO
A ladles with female troubles; no danger; safe
and sure; $2 60 express c. O. D. ; don't delay until
too late. O>GOOD BROS., Oakland, Cal. ,
RB. GOODWIN, . SPECIALIST: LADIES,
near or far, safe, quick cure guaranteed, any
| disease or complaint: home for patients; best skill;
free diagnosis: low fees; self cure. 904 -Me a Ulster st.
ON'T Fail to consult da. Jordan AT
his museum, 1051 Mantel st. : his '3o year
successful practice Is a guarantee of fair treatment;
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mail.
• - /wv PAIDFOK A CASE I.FAIL TO cube
<U>«Jl/U of female complaints or diseases of the
eye; consultation free. MRS. PR..8C0T1.3a5 Geary
NICE PRIVATE HOME lii CONFINEMENT
JM at the most reasonable price In the city. MBS.
M. PFEIFFER, midwife, 2012 Folsom »u'-V
DU PKAK'-i FEMALh. BKGULATING PILLS;
safe and efficient • emmenaeogue; 91 per box. *
RICHARDS <£ CO.,drugKlsta. 406 Clay »it.,sole agts,
SF. LYING-IN (PBIVATi) DIS
• eases of women and children. 236 Kearny, r. 9.
OMK, A FRIEND AND MOTHER'S CARE.
MBS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Klghth St.. A lamed*.
1 FIBRKGULAB OR ANY FKMALK IU>KASB
Igee MB.S.DB. PUETZ and be content., 264 4th.,
1 18. HALL, 14 McALIJSTEU STREET, NjSAB
U J ones. Diseases of women ana children. ?■ <
COraTKT HEAT, ESTATE.
/YfICE HOMESTEAD LOCATION: SOME IM-
i-' provemtnts: valuable timber: good fruit soil:
trout stream: only *300. Call 531 California st.,
room L," - ':.'•; , -
1 MPROVED CHICKEN-RANCH; 10% ACRES
-L valley land: ?4uo down, .balance long term.
JAMES BLAKK, Sonoma. Cai. r .
t ittle homes close to town: ' im-
.Lj proved; easy terms: also 4 to 12 acre pieces
on » and 1> years' credit. D. H. TWING. So-
noma City: every Monday at 032 Market st-.'S. F.
'AaTBD- IN KXCUA.NOK FUR CITY
, lodging-house clearing $200, Improved coun-
try property: will pay part cash. bPKCK <t CO.,
6 12 Market St.
KH.N COUNTY INVEsTM. X r F-BAKERS-
fie.d is one of the most advantageous points
in California for investment right now; 1 have to
offer some of the best business and residence prop-
erty at very low prices: sure to increase in value:
also Improved property that will pay: corre-
spondence solicited. R. B. SWaYNE, Bakers-
field, Cat. ; .
I OT 60x108 FT., 4 KOUMs, BARN. WELL.
i > $600, chickens and ducks are th« best money-
makers, on this tract:, lot 225x'2b5 ft., 6t) fruit
trees, 4- room house, furnished, barn, well, tank,
horsepower, pouliry-sneds,' ' only $1-200, terms
$250 cash, balance Slu per month, 7 per rent in-
terest; also SJ/2 acres adjoining above for $900 or
mortgage on San Francisco property. Address
The owner, box 172, Oilroy.
ARGAiN— 26 ACRES CHOICE , FRUIT,
hay, grain, winter vegetables. $25 per acre;
83 acres rich soil, 4 flowing springs $if> per acre;
18 acres, running water all the year soil very pro-
ductive, all fenced, $40 per acre, nenr Pleasanton.
Alameda County. Call . or write, 57 Chronicle
building. •
£\i\(\ ACRES; 100 ACHES BOTTOM LAND;
O\J\J running water; exchange for anything: no
reasionab c offer ieiused. Address C, box 4, Call
Office, Oakland. ' . • ■ "
(Jt()' t\(\ 4 -CRES; NICELY IMPROVED:
«Jp .£UUU. imide city limits. GEORGE C.
YOUNG, Peta mm.
LEO ANT VINKYARD; W«• U L D EX-
-LJ change; rare bargain. Room 70, Columbian
building.
ANCH BARGAIN: $5 PER ACRE; 11280
acres timber: plenty wati-r; excellent stock
rau-h; best par', of Kern Co. 8., box 20, Call OHice.
SE ND FOR ILLUSTRATED PAMPHLET OF
California Janas for sale dv H. FRANCIS,
rooms 69-71 Chronicle building. sun FranMscq Cai.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— gOB BROADWAY.
|g| f OAKLAND KEAL KSTATJS.
I'VE BE KN TOLD SO, BUT w'o'uLd'lVkeTo
X investigate for myself— A handsome 5-room,
h gh-basement cottage, with bath, closets, pantry:
hard Mulshed; very modern; line lot, and all com-
plete iors9so; terms to suit your earnings; choice
lots also can be .bad for $75 and upward; streets
all graded; electric roads near and line school-
house; Allendale Tract, in Fiuitvale, adjoining
East Oakland: climate, soil and view unexct-l.ed:
conveyance free. 459 Ninth St., Oakland, H. Z.
J' >N • s, owner.
I am. Al/iHoiaZh-D lO SELL THE FuL-
■L lowing property, taken under foreclosure of
mortgage, at cost of foreclosure:
' No. I— Cottage; 5 rooms, bath; No. 1 condition:
newly papered and painted; 1 block to local sta-
tion and electric-cars; price $1500; $200 to $400
cash, lance 10 suit. -'.
No 2— A well-built house. 6 rooms; bath: large
lot; 3 blocks to local station: 1 block to car lines;
street work all done; will soon be business prop-
erty: stores now located in game block; prio
$2500; $400 cash.
No. 3— House 8 rooms; bath; barn; lot 60x115;
sunny exposure; very- convenient to business;
.neighborhood. first class; lot alune worth price
asked tor. property; street work complete: price
$261)0. J. S. mykrs.
„. ' 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
ffl*«_)t/)ri 160 ACRES, WELL IMPROVED!
«Jp aO\)\j'. in Alameda County; all clear; wil •
exchange for Oakland property. A. M. SPECK &
CO., 602 Market st. . ;; -. --,-.
VT EAT COTTAGE OF 5 ROOMS AND BATH;
1\ situated on Adeline si., near Fourteenth; part
cash; price reduced to $1750. WM. J. DINGKK,
460 Klghth s-., Oakland.
'a* O^.i \ CASH, BALANCE $26 65 A MONTH—
«J?tJ»JI/ fine home; cost $4100 price $2360.
Address WILLIAM P. TOD D, 1002 Broadway,
Oakland. .. .
<5» 7X TO $150 FOR CHOICE BUILDING
<]P • O lots In the town of Fitchburg; a new sta-
tion established near Oakland, on the Hay ward 4
and San Leandro local line, by the Southern Pacific
Company; only 45 minutes from sau Francisco
and 6 minutes from Oakland; electric-cars every
ew minutes: terms to suit buyers. Apply to
C. M. KUNKLK, owner, Ul5y 2 Washington be,
Oakland, Cal.
I>OR»ALti— OYSTER A.NDTAMALE Gi:Or-
r to, cheap. 847 Broadway. Oakland.
Hj« 1 t\i\ LOTS .NKAII THK ALTENHKIM IS
«3PAOU. Frultvale; electric cars; only SI down
and $1 a week : selling last: good improvements.
H. B. PIN NKY. owner, 902 Broadway. Oakland.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOB 5 CENTS — THJS
t\. WEEKLY CALL. in wrapper, for mailing.
BKKKKLK >f REAL .ESTATE.
\TEW &-BOOM COTTAGE; MANTEL, BATH,
li pantry, laundry, hot and cold water, stable,
ch.ckt-n-bouse; fenced; sewered: 2 blocks from
station: lot 40x100; $1500. W. C, MORaN,
Lorln, or F. BOKGLE, Golden Gate.
UST BE SOLD TO CLOSE AN ESTATE '
lot 123x270; 2 blocks from station: »tree :
work done; an offer wanted. JOS. J. MASON 1
Berkeley station. ■ ,
rKOPEKTl 1 lo 1-.X.L.HANOE.
r>fk HOUSE?T~AND L7>TsT~FROM~i2O<r~T6
i)\J $28,€00: 100 ranches, everywhere, urlces
$300 to $46,000: 160 stores and business places,
from $50 to $10,000. lor sale or exenauge.
DECKER. 1020 Market st,
L>EM> tUA OL.R Liar OF ORCHAKO HOiUK-i
0 for sale. WOOSTF.K & WHITTOV. San Jos*.
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED— ABOUT ONE SECTION GRASS
land: living water, Cash, box 36. Call.
JiO.\r.t 1U LOAN.
'ffi'Qiii'n (\(\f\ AT H Va "JPEB '' CENT ON CITY
•©OW.I'UI/ real estate: also Oakland, estates,
life insurance, second mortgages, any sum. Man-
hattan Loan Co.. 10 Mills building, ground floor.
IOULY RESPECTABLE AND PRIVATE
place to obtain the most . liberal advances on
diamonds and jewelry at tne very lowest rates.
Baldwin Jewelry Store, 948 Market.
NY AMOUNT; IST, 2D;OR 3D MORTGAGES,
estates, undivided interests, real estate In pro-
bate; furniture and pianos without removal.
McCOLUAN, 24 Montgomery si., room 8.
4j.Q/» HI Ml °- N FIRST AND SKCOND MORT-
■(JIOy.vUu gag<M; city mid country or furni-
nUure. R. P. QUINN, 63 Chronicle building.
WISE A-ND SAVE IMfiKMi-llyXhY
loaned on everything. Cut Rate Loan Office,
room 7, Flood building, pledges for sale cheap.
IKECTON YOUR FURNiTLRK OR PIANO.
no removal: no delays: no commissions: low
Interest. Rm. 68, Donohue bide. 1170 Market s:.
<n»Q»»r 1 1/|| I A 1 BANK RATE.-.: lbT ANI>
*JpO*jO.\J\jyj '>& monetizes, estates, rents, eta;
lend as low as $50. H. MURPHY. 628 Market st.
HY PAY HIGH INT. ON >MADL LOANS?
We loan at 55c interest per mo. on each $100
on 2d mortgage: any security. Gold, box 4, Call.
f\S FURNITURE; VERY LOW INTEREST;
\J no commission. SCRIBNER, 7 City Hall aye.
KIVA'JK FARIY ■ LOANS ON ANY GOOD
secnrlty:low Interest. H.D., box 1 60. Ca1l Office.
ONKY TO LOAN ON REAL ESTATE: AN
amount. WILLIAMS, 214 Pine St., room 3.
<5i "\(\ *° 000; LOU HsT KATK: It»T«tZU
tip O\J mortgage: fiat or lnstlmnt. Dry den, 535 CaU
* DVANCES ON DIAMONDS. JKW KLRY.F.TO
xV Columbia Loan & (ollateral Office. 9 <-rnnt avn.
fAWMiliOltKliS.
ADVANCES ON DJAMONDS.JKWKLRY, SlL-
jfVverwaro, pianos ;low rates.Ni>tl.lX>an,l3.vraylor
IUHKS.I' PRICK PAIJJ 1-OU- CAEil' OKK
HlGHK^l' I'KICE PA XXI 1-OU i.A.ii OKf
rlothln«. rosmorio'lrnn lonn Ofllrp. 49 Third.
DENTISTS.
T7MKST-CLASB Dli NT I STR V PcHEAP: PA -
H able $1 week. CHAPMAN, 16th and Mission.
(Jljrr FULL btt'l' OF ,'IKJt.TM WORTH »15-
-« Ip I .'warranted 5 years': extraction free: liiUugj
60c. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
OSITIVKJ.Y PAINLESS EXTRACTION,
DR. HARDING, 500 Sutter; tel. main 5375.
HALFaNT <fe CHALFANT, MOVKD FROM
\J 8 Mason to 119 Powell: brldgework a specialty.
OLION DK.M'AL At>SOCl.rt i JON, «o<s iIAK-
\J ket st. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
(2«7 A BET FOR ThKTH— WAUKANTED A3
<£> • good as can be made; filling $1. DR SIMMS,
dentist. 930 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater.
pAiNLKSft* I: XT It AC I hOC; IKUWS
X bridge work a specißlty: plates $5 up: 13 year*
experience. ; R. L. WALSH. D.D.S., 816% Geary.
R. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 MARKET ST., NR.
Eleventh; no. charge for extracting when
plates are made: old plates . made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set: extracting 60c: gas given. .
1/»ULL SKT OK TKKTH. »7: FILLING. 50c;
X I crowns $3. Pacific Dental Parlors, 18 Third.
SKT..OF TEETH WITHOUT ArUTt DX
0 H. G. Youn^ 1841 Polk K.
1 lit, J. J,Lfc..£ti, MAKKhiI, «JUK. UOLOKN
XJ Gate aye.: open even inns: Sundays till noon.
CIROOMK DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 769 MAK-
\J ket, bet. 3d and 4th; gas specialists; palnleis
' extracting, with gas. 41: plates. $6 op; fill, 81 up.
DX. tiiOßUa; W. I.XXX, TriK UKNUINii
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extractioa
and patentee of 'improved bridge work or teeta
without any plate, moved from 6 to "Oo'FarrelU;.
LL ; WO.UK . RK ASONABLK AND Wa¥
ranted. ; DR. , J. W. KEY. 1122 Market st. \
/CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United states or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
mi free. , , • « . • > ■ • < ■■■■<
UAKBIAGK L.ICKNSKS.
rhe following marriage licenses • have been
issued by the County Clerk's office :
Gustav Ternaben and Albertinn E. Pah], 31—39.
J. J. Finnegan and Maggie McLaugblln, 25 — 18.
Clarence C. Morey and Annie L. Malcom, 31—23.
: Charles Gercken and Annie Crocicer, 26—18.
¥.. P. Corman and Elizabeth A. Magulre, 48—36.
John McAuley and Emma Oralnge. 31—^3.
. John M. Scribner and Mary E. Beebe, 25—27.
J. B. Wooster and Sarah DeC. Bluxome, 25—23.
E. Fryklund and Wllhelmlne Edwards, 30—26.
A. D. Benjamin and Elizabeth Rebholtz, 32—23.
Km us K. slack and Ida M. Campbell, 30—25.
imp- 3iAKiiiA«Es— MATHS.
[Birth, mart-tags and death notices sent by mall
will not be inserted. They must be handed In a;
either of the publication offices and be indorsed
with the name and residence of persons authorized
to have tho same published. J
KOKX.
PRIES— in this city, January 7, 1897, to the wife
of William Pries, a daughter.
QUINN— In this city, January 7, 1897, to the wife
of John J. Qiiinn, a daughter.
MAKKiI^U.
CARPENTER— BOWER— In rtiis city, January
16. 1897, by the Rev. M. M. Gibson, D.D., Ail-
liam K. Carpenter of MarysviUe, Cal., and Cora
M. t ower of --a.i Francisco.
GUERRERO— OWKNS —January 17, 1897, P.
Guerrero and Smie Owens.
HOFFMANN— ADAMS— Id Oakland, January 18,
18»7. by th» Rev. J. 11. Thelss, Conrad Hoff-
mann and Mary Adams.
OHO.
Bender. Marie " Kearney. Kate s
Burke, James L. . Killip. Robert A.
Ckheu, A. S. McCarthy, Mary A.
Cameron. James McDonald, William J.
Dittmar, Bridget D. Manning, Lydia
> s«r, John 3. Middletou, Mary K.
KUridge, Frank Newhouse, Henry
Fentoti, Catherine T. Prowe, James
Gillen. Martin Rugaard, 11. W. T.
Granulll, Joseph Lunge, F. W.
Grush. Alr-i. Mary J. Souther, Margaret • F.
Kaiisky. Esther .Voorhamme, John M.
BENDER— In this city, January 19. 1897. Marie,
beloved wife of Jerome Bender, and mother
Jerome Bender and Mrs. George Engler, a na-
tive of Alsace, used 5* rears,
4»"Fri-nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend me funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday}, at 1 o'clock P. m.. from her late
'residence. -102 Tehuma street, oft' Second.
Interment Cypress Lawn Ceuiutttry.
BURKK— In this cite. January V), 1897. Jamei
Letter, beloved son of Walter and Margaret
Jinrki', a n.t.ivu of s<tu Francisco, aged A years
and 4 months.
*3-The funeral will take place TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock p. m., from the resi-
dence of the parents, 2047 Folsom street, corner
■ of sev<jjteenih. Interment, Ho;/ Cross Ceme-
tery. .. - ;; t . .
CAHEX— In Seattle. January 19, 1897. A. S.. be-
loved husband of Augusta Cabcu, lather of Mrs.
. E. Morgenster.i a;iJ Sadie. Mayo, Emit, Adolph,
Till Leo and Siva Calieti. and brother of
Day.d. Max and >aui Cahen. Mrs. A. Rotha-
■ child and Mrs. Goldberg, aged 63 year«.
CAMERON— In this city, January 19, 1897,
James, beiove I husbaud of the late Ella Cam-
eron, and father of Stanley and Blanche Cam-
eron, a native of Nova Scotia, aged 53 years.
DI'ITMAK— In Alamoaa. . January 18, 1897.
Bridget D. Diltmar, a native of Ireland, aged 57
years 4 months and 13 days.
EGAR— In this city, January 17, 1897. John 8.,
beloved husuand of Rose Ki,ur, and father of
Mrs. Ellen Kiley and Alice, Mary and Robert J.
liunr, a native oi Ireland. u«ed 68 year*.
t£B~ Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invite to attend the luneral. THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock a. m.. from the par-
lors of ii. C. Porter di so., 122 iuijy street,
thence to Holy Cron C.iorcn, Kddy street, near
Sent Interment Mount Calvary cemetery.
ELDRIDUE— In the City aud County Hospital.
January j9, 18^7, Frank. Eldrldge, aged 60
years.
FKNTON— In this city. January 19. 1897, at her
residence, 5-/7 Powell street, Catherine T., be-
loved wife or John . J. Fenton. and mother of
Mrs. M. A. Dmcoll, a native of You ha 1."
County Cork Ireland, aged 59 years and "ii
da r*.
Friends are respectfully Invited to attend
the funeral TO-MORROW (Thursday), at 2
o'clock p. m., from 1. O. O. F. Hail, .■seventh and
M.trket streets, uuder the auspices of Amity
Rebeita 1 Lodge, i. US O. *
GILLEN-In this city. January 18. 1897, Martin
Gillen, a na'.ive of Maine, aged 42 years.
GRANOILL— In this city, January 19, 1897,
Joseph iiranoill.
JKS" Notice of funeral hereafter.
GRUSH— In East Berkeley. January 18. 1897,
Mrs. Mary J. uru*b, beloved mother of Annie
L. Grus 1 of Oakland and Mrs. W. H. Johnsto.i
o. Berkeley, a native of Maine, agad 73 years A
months and 4 days.
KALISKY— In trris city, January 19,1897, Esther
Kallsky, a native of Germany, aged 4 years.
KEARNEY — In tilts city. January 19,1897. Kate,
beiove 1 daughter of Jobu and Mary Kearney,
a native or mm Francisco, aged' 3 years and 3
mouths. . ' . 1 ;>..
KILLIP— In this city, January 18. 1897, Robert
Ainoi Killip. all .Live or ex Cumberland, trig-
land, aged 42 rtan. A member of the Sau
Francisco Bricklayers' Association.
£9~Friends and acaualutances are respect-
fully invited to attend tne funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the par-
lors of McAvoy & Gallagher, 20 Fifth street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
MCCARTHY— In this city, January 19. 1897,
Mary A., wife of Jame-4 McCarthy, mother of
Mrs. Edward teaman and John F. McCarthy, and
sister of Mrs. Elleu.Ualiatiey and Miss Ka.e Me
Sweeney, a native of KiUarney, County Kerry,
Ireland, aged 68 years.
JO" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fu.iy Invited toauend lue tuneral TO-MOKnO^
(Thursday), at !»:30 a. m., from her late resl-
uence, 546 Howard street, thence to St. Bren-
dan's Church, Fremont and Harrison streets,
where a requiem his 1 mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock
A. M. luterment Huly Cross Cemetery.
MCDONALD— In this city, January 17, 1897, Wil-
liam Joseph McDonald, a native of San Fran-
Cisco, aged 38 years.
MANNING — In the City and County Hospital,
January 19. 1897, Lydia Manning, aged 50
years.
MIDDLETON-In this city. January 19. 1837,
Mary Elizabeth, beloved wife of Charles William
Middleton, a native of New York, aged 37 years.
NE\VHOU>E-In this city, January 18, 1897.
Henry, beloved husband of Dma Newhouse, and
father of William D.. Hugo and Arthur New-
house, a native of isuizbunc, Bavaria, Germany,
aged 61 years and 7 months.
g*9~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS jAY
• (Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock a.m., from his
late residence, 1018 Post street. Interment pri-
vate. Please omit (lowers.
PROWE— In this city, January 17. 1597, James
Prows, a native of England, a;eJ 64 years 1
mouth and 16 days.
RUGAAKD— In this city, January 19, 1837. H.
W. T. Rugaard, a native of Denmark, a^ea 78
years.
SCANDINAVIAN SOCIETY— To the officers
and members of the Scandinavian Society ; Yon
are hereby notified to assemble at the fu,ner;il
parlors ot'H. T. I'etersen. 228 McAllister street,
TO-MOKROW (Thursday), at 10 o'clock a. m..
■ lor the purpose of attending the luneral of our
late member, H. W. T. KugaarJ. By order of
the President. . H. P. PKTERSEN.
Recording Secretary.
RUNGE-In this city, January 18. 1897. F. W..
beloved husband of the late Anna Ruuge, and
father of John F. Runge, a native of Germany,
age 1 52 years.
Friends and ■ acquaintances are respect-
fnuy i;ivite<l to attend tuo funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from bis late
residence. 1913 Howard street, between Fif-
teenth • and sixteenth. Interment L o. O. F.
Cemetery. - ■«-
SOUTHER— In Vall'jo. January 19, 1897. Mar-
garet Frances, beloved wife of John 8. Souther,
and mother of Frame L. and George E. Souther,
a native of Boston, Mass., a?ed 58 years and 4
months- [Boston Dapers please copy.]
JBGTFuneral THIS DAY . (Wednesday), at
1 -JAo o'clock x. m., at Vallejo.
VOORHAMME— In this city, January 19, 1837.
John Mathieu Voornamme, a native of Belgium,
aged 61 years.
;' MCAVOY A GALLAGHER, T
FUNRRAL DIRECTORS 4 EMBALM
SO Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
, ' : Telephone 8080.
LAUREL HILL
CEMETERY ASSOCIATION
IS PREPARED TO CONTINUE THE SALE
1 of burial pats and graves In Its cemetery and
give deeds.
Perpetual care of lots will be arranged for at the
Superintendent's oilier at the cemetery, corner
Bush street and Central avenue. San Francisco.
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN MATEO COUNTY; NEAREST CEM&
tery to the city; non-sectarian ; in no sens* ex-
clusive -.location unexcelled. OtUcm UV7 11WW
ttreet. uoutneaai corner V tsiJUA. ■ . ••■
f^rflrflrW^W^l Successor to DR. LAI
IWiillTMiMlriTWinr I I' ll 'A I, graduate of
TaWWimßEXigßgglby Canton Medical Col-
flßßj^*^***'BßHnSMßß< lege. after a very suc-
if ■ NrSRPVtf' ( '«' Sl| u l practice of
»/ <W]^B many years in China,
Jfe3fr' ! Si!i ' Jtr* Das '?' atet '° ■. San
itfhVi «?* t^i , Francisco.. The sur-
xillr » Pa prising and marvelous
Kw&fc *' _*/ cures effected by his
- ' iSjfiraSUV if 1 herbs denionstiate
my*£iffi\ J\ . Uielr potence and his
f\ffljL_yiL BKIU. . These . herbs
s&j^ ' rure over4 oo(llfl'eren:
" i£K%e£&-^£% l r^ is cases, mc tiding
t^yKKfef^^r • Hrl^ht's • Disease, Dia-
. N &3§t£t*' f^ " betes, Coniuinptlon,
;■ ■ . . ""**&*" ■-•■• - Asthma, Paralysis,
Brain, Nerve, Cancers, Tumors, Blood, Male and
Female Maladies All persons afflicted with auy
kind of malady whatsover are Invited to call.
! i>'. : .- Office, 727 Washington, Street.
Office hours— 9 a m, to IBM., Ito ii V. it; 30»
day. 10 A. v. to 12 M-
1314
SOME DEFECTIVE PRINTING
AS A FAIR CASE BOGIE MAN
A Blurred "0" in a Legal Blank Is the Keynote tc
the Charges Against Notary
Cooney.
OPENING OF THE CASE
IN COURT.
The Heirs of the Millionaire
Spring Their Promised
Sensation.
A STATIONERY CLEBK TELLS
HIS STORY.
Legal Blanks Printed by H. S. Crocker
& C\ ?s Evidence in the
Famojs Suit.
A defective imprassion of the letter "o" j
in the certificate of acknowledgmenton the
famous pencil deeds and some twenty-five
microscopic evidences of a battered or
faulty impression in the printing of the j
documents is the mainspring in the trap
by which the Fair children would convict !
ex-Notary James J. Cooney of perjury.
A batch of 5000 of these invisible defects \
passed through the presses of H. S. |
Crocker <fc Co. a year ago. Captain Lees ;
and ttie bonanza representative's detec- j
tives say these same evidences o.f poor !
printing are visible in the forms Cooney j
used to certify to the maKiug of the Craven
deeds by James G. Fair.
The millions of the dead man began the '
work of springing this trap yesterday, i
By way of beginning they put W. E !
Stanford, clerk ol the legal blank depart- j
ment, on the stand lo recall that he at
tended to the printing of 10,000 copies of
the notarial certilicates on January 8,
1896. To-day the foreman and stereotyper i
will be called to testify that in one-half of
the lot, in the haste attending the work, a I
defective matrix was used. The pro- i
crammt then cajls for a desperate effort
to convince the public that under the ,
microscor>e there are similardefects in the I
blanks Cooney used.
Stanford Wit* confident he had given an ,
order for the printing of what is known '
in stationery as form 132. lie brought a j
record along in the way of a ledger to I
prove his statements at the request of j
Captain Lees. Unuer cross-examination !
he got rather mixed in his answers. He j
was glad an'i so seemed the lawyers for j
the estate when ho was relieved from two
hours on the broiler under the curiosity of
Cooney 'a attorneys.
The case marked the opening of what is
practically the struggle, between Mrs. '■
Craven and the Fair estate, and of course j
it was a drawing card.
The day began eventfully. The pressure
for admittance to the courtroom was I
reminiscent of tho Durrant case. The !
opposing forces were lined up in front of ;
Justice of the Peace Cook, for sometimes i
in the history of Fair matters a judge has
performed the anomaly of an immed ; a:e j
transformation from one sort cf official !
dignity to another. So it was as maais- !
tiate that Carroll Cook heard the opening
Of the evidence. If ne rinds Cooney gu ltv
of perjury, why the case will then be heard
before Judge Cook. i
Tue throng that filed the courtroom :
was ruotley and morbidly curious. It j
wriggled its neck a thousand times in an- I
ticipation of somethin.: in the way of a
climax. Only once was its hopes realized, j
That was when SteDhen Roberts pulled
from his pockets the famous pencil deeds, j
Then there was a wrenching of necks that
made work for the bailiffs. The public
wanted to see the deeds. They are valua
ble pap^r.-, and Roberts, since they have j
been on repeated exhibition by attorneys, I
photographers and newspaper reporters, |
did not feel like letting them co on a pro- '
miscaous tour among The spectators.
Evan when he gave them to Barnes for !
inspection at the advice of Attorney i
Reidy, he kept his eyes sharply on the I
big throng in the rear. In* this con- I
te-tforthe bonanza millions mutual d is- j
trust and suspicion have grown among the I
contending interests. The trust will of
the dead millionaire was stolen from the
Recorder's office almost as soon as it was
nled. The Craven people are naturally j
NEW TO-DAY.
ROYAL Baking:
W'*\§UhSi& Powder never cakes
liS^ f^^^m or spoils, an d if used
fm r as directed always
V M^^^^^^\ makes delicious,
|jM pure, wholesome,
}'WM - ln § powders
This '&^W will not hold
Is the /k^o^ their leavening:
Best &r^ ' i  **
strength until re-
quired for use. They may work one
day but fail the next. Such pow-
ders are a vexation, and waste good
flour, eggs and butter. ROYAL
works uniformly. The last spoon-
ful in the can is as good as the first
ROYAL BAKING POWDER CO., NEW-YORK.
enough guarding against such a fate for
the deeds, for the Fair people nave cov
eted their possession ever since the cele
brated lawsuit began.
There was an army of lawyers present.
Captain Lees, District Attorney Barnes
and detectives were conspicuous person
alities in the ranks of the estate. Reuben
Lloyd and George A. Knight, represent
ing the children of the dead millionaire,
and W. R. Goodfellow, fighting for the
rights of the trust will against the
heirs, made common cause with the prose
cution.
Across the room was Cooney sitting by
his attorney, Patrick W. Reddy. His
father was in the rear. Mrs. Craven, con
lined to her borne iince her recent visit to
Sacramento with a slight illness, was
present by proxy in the persons of Attor
neys W. W. Foote and ex-Judge Denson.
There were others, but there name is le
gion.
It took a long time for the District At
torney to get the real show going. The
preliminaries consisted of spirited
wrangling among the lawyers. Reddy
and Barnes paid an almost continuous
string of compliments to each other in
the way of vigorous 'objecting." When
there was a hiatus in the uproar Foote
toot an opportunity to emphasize some
point.
Barnes exhausted the entire morning in
getting Cooney's depositions, upon which
the charge of perjury was based, officially
tefore Magistrate Cook. The.y lay on a
table in front of the eyes of all — volumin
ous heaps of books and papers — but they
conid not be seen legally by the court
until they had been properly introduced,
as attorneys say.
Deputy County Clerk Piper was first
called as a witness to toll the court that
the papers had been filed in his ollice.
An hour was consumed in reading the
cnntentsof the documents. Then Captain
Lees unbosomed himself of some heavy
cardboard packages, a batch of photo- j
graphic copies of the pencil deeds. These i
the Dutrict Attorney proceeded next to |
get introduced to the court.
Stephen Roberts was the instrument
usfid to bring about this result. Roberts
had the original deeds in his pocket— he
said so — and Barnes wanted to impress
the court with the fact that the card
board copies were genuine fac-sirniles. To
do this it was first necessary to get Rob
erts to make the comparison.
Barnes suggested that the mining broker I
produce the documents for public inspec- i
lion. Foote was on the poll of the prose
cution with a vigorous knock. As attor
ney for Mrs. Craven, lie did not see why
ht^r papers, representing big pieces of
City property in a civil suit, should be
broils.' l !! into the case intended merely as
a criminal prosecut.on.
Barnes argued that Cooney's signature
was on the deed, and that signature was
in reality the whole fabric of the perjury
charge against the young notary. Foote
remonstrated. He saw those papers going
into the court possession as exhibits or
something else, and they were too valu
able to entrust to even anybody just now
in view that their validity was to be
tested in a civil court in a few days.
"We won't have them impounded in
anybody's possession," said the attorney.
"There have been so many intimations
that Mrs. Craven never will produce them
in the trial of her clnims that somebody
might eudeavor to effect their disappear
ance." He threw an insinuatine glance
to the Fair side of tue house, and the air
began to sizzle when Magistrate Cook said
he would not take possession of them if nn
could avoid it.
r "I might lock them up in a sale-deposit
vault — " Foote shook his head, and it j
was finally agreed that Roberts should
keep the papers him?elf, he agreeing to
have them in court whenever necessary.
The work of effecting the comparison
then proceeded without opposition. Then
Judgs Slack was called to certify mat
Cooney had really sworn to the deposi
tion before him, and the Fair people, Po
lice Department and District Attorney
proceeded to open their ca>'e by narrating
the history or the way the legal blank de
partment of H. S. Crocker is conducted.
Stanford told the attorney be lived at
632 Hayes street, and had been in prac
tical charge of the Crocker legal blank
business for a number of years. He is
young, curly-haired, blue-eyed and an un
easy witness. He began his story by say
ing that on January 8, 1896. he had or
dered printed 10.000 copies of "blank 182."
which is the certificate notary publics U3e
to add to their acknowledgment to deeds
and such like.
Usually be ordered these printed in
batches of 5003, but as this was a hurried
order he had marked the word "rus ■." on
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 20, 1897.
the copy as it went upstairs to the prin
ters. The printers did their work with
rather too much rush, as the letter "o" in
the word "of" of the phrase "State of
California" was defective. Stanford pro
duced his ledger to verify the date of the
order, also the original copy that went
flyine up the tube to the printing presses,
and was turned over to the mercy of
Reddy for cros%exarmnation.
He did not know exactly how long this
particular brand of blank h&d been in the
stock ot the firm, but for a long time.
"When were you first approached about
this matter by anyDody?"
''About two weeks ago," was the reply.
JUDGE COOK Sitting as Magistrate in the Preliminary Examination of Ex-Notary Cooney,
"By whom?" asked Reldy, curiously.
The reply was that Attorney W. M.
Pierson, one of the executors of the trust
will, was his visitor on that mission at
that time in company with Manager For
syth of tiie house.
"How long have yon been keeping a
record of this business," queried Keddy,
beginning to critically examine the ledger
Stanford had produced for the inspection
of the attorney. The stationery clerk said
that he had been with his job since 1892.
The record of the printing of "b.ank
132" since John H. Dickinson drafted it
for the Crocker people some years ago
showed that it was customary to order it
in lots of 5000. Only on January 8. 18!>6,
had the order been "doubled. Stanford
said the extra batch was called for in
haste because there was not a solitary
notarial certificate in the house at the
time.
"Not a single one but this?" asked
Redtiy, holding u,p the slip of p:iper.
"Not one other," was the reply.
Wnen Pierson called on his detective
mission Stanford gave him all that was j
in the house with the defectiva ll O."
"How did it come that only half this lot
of 10,000 were so marked?"
"They were printed iv two lots of 5000
each."
"Who told you to come here to-day?"
"I was subpenaed."
"Yes, Dut who toid you to bring this
book here?' 1
■Mr. Crocker, I think."
"Haven 1 1 you some other records similar
to thU?"
"Yes."
"Well, why didn't you bring them
along?"
"Well, I think they are in Crocker's j
possession."
Stanford was again asked to relate the
incidents of Pierson's visit. The Jawyer ]
was introduced to him by his manager. |
and a few minutes Inter Captain Lees |
arrived. He got out his magniiying glass.
I The party iratheretl all the old stock of
i this particular issue of blanks together
| and took them away.
"D.d any body instruct you to let nobody
look through your records or examine
any of tl^e blanks?"
"About rive days ago I received in
structions to refer al 1 inquirers to Mr.
! Crocker. 1 '
"Did Captain Lees give you such in-
I structions?"
"No."
Reddy took up the ledger again and
scrutinized the entries made by Stanford.
They we/c generally in pencil. Under the
entry for the 10,000 order there was a
peculiar blue pencil mark.
"Who put that there?"
"1 don't know."
"D,d you ever see it before?"
"No," replied Stanford, after a pause.
Redoy found that the leaf of the book
bore evidences of having been rubbed and
rouehened directly under the word
"10,000." He put Stanford through an
j other course of sprouts. First the station
ery clerk admitted there were evidences
of erasion, bnt through the magnifying
glass t c paper saenied in its proper con
dition to his eye.
Barnes took him in hand once more to
pet the statement irom him, at Attorney
Knight's hurried apDeal, that he had
written the order, and the writing as it
appeared was his.
To-day Superintendent Wade of the
printing department and H. S. Crocker
«i!l be the principal witnesses to give the
details of the defective printing.
THOSE CALDWELL LETTERS
Young Fair Has a Poor Memory for
Details.
Young Fair was not in attendance in
court, but instead was explaining, with
the assistance of his attorney, Charles J.
Hejrgerty, betore a notary public, why he
had failed to return a number of letters to
Jerome Caldweli of Los Angeles.
The letters were written by the elder
Fair to Caldweli, and refer to a variety of
events Their chief bearing on the pres
ent case is that nobody denies their genu
ineness regarding the handwriting.
They fell into Fair's hands during the
progress of the pencil will contest, and he
refused to return them. Caldweli was
compelled to sue for their possesion.
Fair claimed he had paid Caldweli $100
fur them throueh C. J. Stilwell, the de
tective. Attorney D. M. Delmas had the
young millionaire on the rack.
Fair was asked by what right he claimed
the letters. This he would not answer.
"Did you purchase them from Cald
weli?"
'•Well, I understood so."
"What did you pay for them?"
"One hundred dollars. 1 paid the money
to C. J. Stilwell."
Deimas inquired :f he had a receipt
from Caldweli lor his money. Fair re
plied in the negative. He llad a letter
from Caldweli on the subject, but could
noi remember where it was.
"Are you quite sure of that?"
"Oh, yes."
•'Relating to these letters in contro
vert V?"
"Yes.'
"And will you produce them?"
"Yes; as soon as I find them."
Then Delmas jroi off on the payment of
the $100 to Stilwell. He wanted to know
if a bill had been presented by the detec
tive. Fair replied in the affirmative, say
ing he had the receipted bill at home.
"Will you produce it?" inquired DeJ
maß. curiously. But Fair's attorneys
would allow no reply. The notary was re
quested to issue the usual subpena calling
lor the bill and the attorney continued to
probe after mere details. He wanted a
distinct affirmative in the matter of that
$50— Was it paid for the letters?— but Fair
shifted and equivocated.
"What is the date of the Stilwell re
ceipt?"
"I don't know."
Fair, continuing, said that Stilwell told
him he had paid $50 to Caldwell with a
promise of a similar sum.
"Did Stilwell say he had paid that $50
to Caldwell on account of these letters?' 1
"I understand it was such."
"Did Stilwell tell you that?"
"1 think he dm."
"Does the bill say so?"
But again the young millionaire took
refuge under his attorney's wing.
Delmas came back by inquiring the date
of Stilwell's bill. Fair promised to look
tnat detail up.
Then the attorney desired to know if
Fair had any evidence in the way of a hill
of sale of the letters from Caldwell, Fair
could not answer until he had made a de
tailed >earch of hi 3 effects.
It was fast becoming uncomfortable for
Fair. Delmas asked him if the $50 paid
Caldwell was not as compensation for as
sistin ■ the detectives in obtaining in
formation of the dead millionaire's doings
and habits in Southern California. Heg
gerty promptly forbid his client, and an
adjournment for a couple of days was
taken.
TURNED ON THE GAS.
Charles Peterson, an Old Soldier, At-
tempts to Commit Suicide.
Charles Peterson, an old soldier, at
tempted to commit suicide in his room,
405 Kearny street, last night by gas.
The proprietor, A. Combatalade, found
him sitting unconscious on a chair with
a tube in his mouth, the tube being at
tached to the gas jet, which was turned on.
Combitalade summoned Policeman J. C.
Hall, who in turn notified the Coroner's
office. Strange to say, neither the pro-
EISHOP GRAVES.
prictor nor the policeman turned off the
gas or took the tube out of Peterson's
mouth, as they thought he was dead, and
it was not till the Coroner's deputies,
J. L. McCormick and J. E. O'Brien, ar
rived that this was attended to. It was
then seen that the man was alive.
He was carried into another room and
the Coroner's deputies set to work to re
susci.ate him. A few minutes of artificial
respiration servea the purpose and Peter
son revived sufficiently to be sent to the
Receiving Hospital. "He will probably
recover.
Special Sale Days.
L. Lebenbaum & Co., the well-known
Sutter-street grocery firm, has inaugurated
a day for special sales, and hereafter on
Tuesday of each week there will be some
special line of articles offered by this big
establishment that will, no doubt, eclipse
anything in the way of special sales here
to Tore offered in the grocery business in
San Francisco.
L. Lebenbaum & Co. carry one of the
largest and most varied lines of groceries
on this coast, and the reputation of the
firm for their high class of groceries is too
well and favorably known to require
commendation.
It will be the object of this establishment
to offer some special line of goods at cost
price on Tuesdays, and the advertising
colums of the daily journals will no
doubt be scanned by careful housewives
each Monday for the special bargains of
the big grocery- house of L. Lebenbaum &
Co., 326 Butter street.
An Old Man's Suicide.
John Matthew Voorbamme, aged 61 years,
committed suicide by drinking cyanide of
potassium, at his residence, 111 Trenton
street, yesterday morning. He had been a
heavy drinker, and was once a prosperous car
venter.
BISHOP GRAVES
TO COME HERE
His Charge the Jurisdiction
of Northern Cali
fornia.
He Will Act for Bishop Wing
field, Who Is Incapacitated
by Broken Health.
The Right Rev. Leonard Has Been
Acting Because Bishop Graves
Was Unable to Get Away.
Owing to the prolonged illnessof Bishop
Wingfield of the Northern Californian dio
cese, the Right Rev. Bt3hop Nichols has
decided to give him some assistance, and
has appointed Bishop A. R. Graves
bishop coadjutor to Bishop Winfield.
Bls'iop Leonard has been acting until
the appointment should be decided. Fol
lowing is a short sketch of the new Bishop
— the Right Rev. Anson Rodgers Graves:
Anson Rodger* Graves, the first missionary
bishop ol "Tue Platte" (a jurisdiction created
in 1889, comprising all that portion of the
State of Nebraska lying west of the 98th
meridian), v.-jw born in Weils, Vt., on the
13th day «>f April, A. D. 1842.
He graduated at Hoban College. Geneva,
N. V., and at the general theological semi
nary.
Ordained deacon in the Church of the Trans
figuriition, New York, on the 'id day oi July.
A. D. 1870, by the Kight Rev. Horatio Potter,
D.D..LL.D.
Ordained priest in Holy Trinity Church,
Brookiyn, ou the 4th day of June, A. D. 1871,
by the Rignt Rev. Abram" Newkirk Littlejonn,
D.D., he b>'gan his work as the assistant min
ister at Grace Caurcii, Brooklyn, under the
rectorship of the Rev. a. H. Paddock, D.D.,
subsequently the Bishop of Massachusetts.
In 1872 lie became tne rector of St. Lnke's
Church, Plattsmouth, Nebr., and in 1873 he
removed to Minneapolis, where he was the as
sistant of'the Rev. Dr. Knickerbocker, who be
came the Bishop of Indiana. Leaving Minne
apolis he was successively rector of All Saints'
Church, Northficid, Minn.: All Saints' Church,
Littleton, X, H. ; St. Peter's Church, Benning
ton, Vt.. and the Church ol G>»thsemaiie,
Minneapolis, to which he returned as rector
after the consecration of Dr. Knickerbocker,
where he remained until his elevation to the
Episcopate. Consecrated Missionary B scop of
the Platte in Gethsemane Church, Minneapo
lis, on the Feast of the Circumcision, January
1, A. I). 1890. by the Right Rev. Daniel Syl
vester Tuttl*, S.T.D., assisted by the R. R. Wil
liam Hobart Hare. S.T.D., the K. R. A exander
Burgess, S.T.D.. the R. R. David Buel Knicker
bocker, the R. R. Mahlm Norris Gibert, D.D.,
ami the R. R. Cyrus Frederick Knight, D.1).,
D.C.L.
More Chinese Social Clubs.
Three more Chinese social clubs were incor
porated yesterday, named as follows: Califor
nia Union Club, Look Ya Goey Society, Quong
King Kee Society. About 100 of these clubs
are now in existence in Chinatown. The po
lice nuthoriiles say that the majority of these
societies are organized by highbinders for the
purpose c^f protecting as' far as possible gam
bling densand opium joints run forthe benefit
or amusement of the members.
IFJewki.ht store. 6 to 7 Tbiid street, removed to
303 Kearny street.
KEW TO-DAY— DRY
RIBBONS!
RIBBONS!
We have just received direct from the manufacturer
TWO CASES BEST QUALITY MOIRE TAFFETA RIB-
EON, in all the latest Spring shades, and will offer them
to our customers at the following
Low IRriees:
450 pieces No. 40 TAFFETA ~ nr .
MOIRE RIBBON O uty ra
375 pieces 5- INCH TAFFETA A r . r v _ r .
MOIRE RIBBON 4 Uty
EMBROIDERIES!
EMBROIDERIES!
We will also continue our ANNUAL SALE OF
FINE NAINSOOK and CAMBRIC EMBROIDERIES, in
both EDGINGS and INSERTiNGS. These Embroideries
are in the newest patterns and are all the finest class of
goods, and range in price from 5c to 50c per yard.
We invite our patrons to inspect our exhibition of
above goods in our show windows.
111, 113, 115, 117. 119, 121 POST STREET.
CORTEGE, BUT MO BURIAL
Coroner Hawkins Compelled to
Interrupt Mrs. Kiatt's
Funeral.
Tb.9 Cause of the Unfortunate Woman's
Death Will Be Investigited
in Detail Tc-Day.
Mrs. Teresa Klatt died at her late resi
dence, 1201 Treat avenue, on Sunday,
under circumstances involved somewhat
in doubt and confusion.
The funeral was to have been yesterday, j
as announced in the following newspaper
notice:
KLATT— In this city. January 17, 1897. Teresa,
beloved wife of Walter F. Kiatt, mother of Edith. j
Monica and Tlii-o Klait. daughter of Alary and I
the late James Casey, and sister of James. Peter, j
Annie, Joiep;iiue and Kvu lasey. a native Of ■
isau *°rancUcu, aged 27 years 4 months and lii
days.
£3~Friends and acquaintances are rospec:- I
fully invitett toatteal the funeral THIS mY j
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock p. m.. from her laic
- residence, I*2ol Treat avenua. Imermem .ua
souic Cemetery-
Trouble was experienced in obtaining a
burial permit owing to a rumor that j
death resulted indirectly from a criminal |
operation performed by the unfortunate
woman. •
Mrs. Dr. ParK and Mrs. Dr. Morrison,
who knew the woman's condition, were
inclined to believe that death resulted
from dilation of the heart, but the I
Coroner was told that she had carried out
her oft-repeated threat to perform the
operation.
"As the cortege had already started to
Masonic Cemetery," said the Coroner, '"i
allowed a pro ;oriua funeral, but forbade !
the interment of the body or placing it in
a vault. The procession went to the ceme
tery and the uody was returned for an
autopsy."
The circumstances attending the
woman's aeath will be investigated to
day. . _
LOUISA MANNING'S DEATH.
A Criminal Operation Claims a Patient
at th« County Honpital.
Louisa Manning: aged 32 years, died at
the County Hospital yesterday morning
irom the effects of a criminal operation,
performed by an unKnown person.
Tiie woman was taken to the hospital on
Saturday by F. Rojas. a Potrero, vuquero.
The case, however, bad been previously
reported to the hospital by Dr. J. A.
Simpson of 1132 Kentucky street.
Miss Manning pave no further detail"
than to say she had lived at 817 Fifteenth
avenue, near P street, in the Poirero, and
that a criminal operation had been per
formed.
KEW TO-DAT.
STEINWAY
PIANOS
ARE USED AT ALL
NORDICA
Concerts.
SHERHAN, CLAY & CO.,
Steinway Dealers.
SAN FRANCISCO - Kearny and Sutter BtreetB
OAKLAND - Broad w»i- and Thirteenth streets
PORTLAND. OK. - i'iflh and Yarohill Streets
SEATTLE, WASH. - - - 716 Second btreet
if GREAT I
!l % cu#
I OFTHEAOB 1
;i I FAMILY MEDICINE
9 Which is an external and internal ' '
X romedy without an equal. <!
f ROT A m PREPARATION. BDT ORE i
! THir HIS STOOD THE TkSI OF OVER !!
\[ A QUARTER OF A CENTURY. !!
I Thousands of persons all ;;
; ; over the United States <
j ; gratefully praise Dr. Mar- j
\ ; tin's Pain Curer and are j
j ; never without it. <
♦ _____ z
' ' (
< < The Curer Is free from all Injurious < >
| | and poisonous properties, and is en- 1 >
( i tirely vegetable in its composition. It |
4 ' tones up and strengthens the system, < >
| [ purifies the blood, expels bad matter ' ►
( | from the organs of the body generally, j |
' ' promotes digestion, regulates theappe- i >
; I tite and secures a healthy state of the 4 '
( | system and its various functions. Taken J j
4 ' occasionally as a preventive of disease, i ■
' ; it keeps the mind cheerful and happy ' '
I I by promoting healtHf Jl action of the \ t
i ' skin, heart, lungs, stomach, pancreas, 4 ■
J ! bowels, l^er, kidneys, bledder, spleen, * [
I | spinal co^inn, and the whole nervous ( |
4 ' system. It is also especially always < '
] I WOMAN'S FRIEND, and is unequaled ' •
1 1 FOR THE PREVENTION RKD CURE j I
J | "—of— ( >
j | Rheumatism, Neuralgia, Pains In J 1
i> General, Bowel Complaints, Sts- < ,
J [ pepsia, Dysentery, Cholera Mor- ( (
I | bus, Diphtheria, Sore Throat, ! j
i < l'neumonia, Diabetes, Nervous < .
j | Complaints, Disease «f the Stom- < I
( |. ach and Bowels Generally, Liver j j
< • Complaints, Kidney Complaints, < >
'; Sciatica, Lumbago, Colds, Coughs, U
( » Local and General Debility, Head- j!
I' ache, Karache, Toothache, Sick- < »
, , nesginStomach. Backache, Burns, J |
(I Swellings, Boils, Sores, Ulcers, £
* ' Colic, Cramps, Sprains, Braises, < .
i , Scalds, Wounds, CostiTeness, In- < •
(I digestion, Skin Diseases, £xcea- j|
I J sive Itchings and many other < >
1 , complaints too numerous to name ' '
( I here. In a word, the great Pain | )
I I Curer of the Age is an unequaled ♦
< ' family remedy. \ \
* Price: 25c, 50c, $1.00 per Bottle, $
J ] Price: 25c, 50c, $1.00 per Bottle, j
\\ . '.:';-■— — f
(I '. L. CALLISCH, Wholesale Agsnt for 2
, the Pacific Coast, San Jose, Cal. J
?«■ ■ ■ ■ ■: ■ "' . ' #tk
« For sale by all druggists. The trado a
'•'•' supplied by Redington & Co., Mack X
4> & Co. and Langiey & Michaels. San m
M Francisco. - A
>♦•»•♦•♦•♦• ♦<!♦€♦•»•♦#♦>»»#
NOTARY PUBLIC.
i-|HARLES H. PUILLIFS. ATTORNBT-A*
La* and Notary Public, 638 Market »:.,qppo.
Site Palace Hotel. Telephone 570. Residence iSj
fail sire«U l*iepaga« - vu« " a»»L