VOLUME LXXXI.-NO. 46.
SANTA CLARA
IS CAPTURED
Cubans Take Possession of
the Strongly Fortified
City
AFTER A MOST FIERCE
BATTLE.
Fearful Slaughter Among the
Besiegers and the Spanish
SoMiers.
CAVALRY LEADER BANDERA
KILLED.
By Gaining Such a Commanding Po
sition the Patriots May Now
Obtain Recognition.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 14.-News
which, if correct, is more important than
any since the death of Maceo, was received
in Cuban circles to-night It was that
the town of Santa Clara, sometimes called
Villa Clara, had fallen to the insurgent
army, but that with the charge which
resulted in victory the intrepid cavalry
leader. Quentin Bandera, was slain.
Gomez, it was said, is now pushing on
toward Havana with an army of 18,000
men. . ,
This news was not given out at the
Cuban Junta. It came from private
sources. It has not yet been confirmed
from official sources, but that is not
strange considering thatthe death of Ban
dera is a blow to the Cubans which almost
offsets the capture of Santa Clara. The
first news of the death of Maceo came in
the same way, and it was a long time
before the truth broke through the trocha
of official denial.
The news comes with circumstantial de
fail most convincing. Besides, the dis
patches from Cuba for. some time have
forecasted exactly such a stroke. The vic
tory puts the insurgents in a command
ing position, and the eyes of the world
will be upon Gomez. Ii can no longer be
.aid that they hold no important town.
Santa Clara is the fourth largest city in
the island, already holding nearly all of
Cuba excepting the seacoast.
The capture of Santa Clara puts the in
surgents on an entirely different basis at
Washington. The commander of the gar
rison at Santa Clara was the Governor-
General of the province, Major-General
Lnque. He had had a garrison of 5000
men, but now had only 2000. Gomez de
cided to invest the town, which contains a
population of 30,000, and was well fortified.
The infantry under General Rabi was
sent to the west of the city. The cavalry,
of which there were 40*30 well-equipped
men under General Bandera, were sent to
the other three sides, the main strength
being concentrated immediately to the
east. Luque sent out expeditions and
there were lively skirmishes on the 6th,
7th and Stb, in one of which Luque was
wounded. The wi ole garrison had been
thrown into a panic by the wounding of
their leader and by the fact that they were
surrounded.
Gomez decided at the time to strike
bard. He Knew that the fortifications
were well nigh impregnable. He knew
there was a cannon in every redoubt and
plenty of ammunition. He knew that his
men would have to face a citadel at the
northwest corner of the city sixty feet
high from the top of which the Spaniards
would operate a Catling gun as well as
. keep up a terrible rifle lire.
Rabi, with his inlantry, was to attack
the town from the west at aaybreak.
Bander.i, the dashing negro cavalryman,
was to wait until the attention of the gar
rison was concentrated on the attack from
the west and then hurl his 4000 men on
the works in front of him.
General Rabi let out his men in the gray
of the morning of January 2. It was to
be only a feint, but his men did not know
that. They opened fire, and keeping un
(der fire as much as possible crept closer
and closer to the enemy.
Behind stockades and earthworks the
Spaniards returned the fire, but those who
looked to the east just as the sun was ris
ing saw dimly the horses of the officers
of the cavalry galloping from battalion to
battalion. Bandera sat silent with bis
staff in front of the main works. There
was the clatter of horses' hoofs deepening
into a roar. On they went, two long rows
of horsemen, each striving to be first to
the outworks.
Spanish rifles began to crack here and
there along the line of fortifications; then
the shots came faster and faster until a
line of flame appeared in front of each
works. Now the cannon belched up, and
in : the citadel Gatlinp, puns hurled its
leaden rain. In the face of the awful fire
not a Cuban faltered. -Bandera kept in
the lead. His horse leaped over the near
est earthworks. He slashed at the fleeing
garrison with his machete. His men were
right behind bim.
Horses fell all about, wounded and
killed, throwing their riders headlong.
Suddenly Bandera's machete fell from his
band. He leaned forward on his horse.
He swayed for a moment aud then top
pied over.
Members of his staff stopped and dis
mounted. They grouped their way in the
smoke to their chieftain, and found him
wounded in the abdomen. His surgeon
. was among the first at his side. Tearing
i open the duck suit, he saw in an instant
A that the wound was mortal, so they
* propped up his head and made him a.
comfortable as possible.
Earthworks, fortifications, barricades,
gave way under the furious charge of the
4000. Many Cubans dropped on the way,
but the ranks were instantly closed and
the onslaught continued. In fifteen min
utes after Bandera fell the victorious
Cubans passed the last obstruction.
Every Spaniard who had both lcrs left
The San Francisco Call
Looking Over the Register at the Golden Eagle Hotel, Sacramento^; After the Arrival of the 8:15 P* M* Tram*
was fleeing to the west, only to come
under the murderous tire of Rabi's men.
Twenty minutes after Bandera fell a
messenger came back. "The necro chief
tain had asked for a .cigarette and was
smoking with his 'last" breath. "Santa
Clara has fallen," cried* the messenger.
"The enemy haa been routed." There
was a puff of cigarette smoke; a shiver
ran through Bandera's body and he was
dead.- . y.rl.'uju^ijilrf^f-i • -'• ■'•-' • ;
Most of the, Spanish parrison and Gene-
General Luque escaped to the south.
Many fell at the hands of General Rabi's
men. The sun was not far op] when the
victorious Cubans were in "possession.
Gomez took the quarters Luque had oc
cupied and received, reports of the battle.
The news received last night said that
the losses were: Spanish estimated killed
and wounded, 900; prisoners, 700; can
nons captured, eighteen; battle-standards,
four; r:rles in the Spanish arsenal, 5000,
with plenty o! ammunition. Cubans
killed aid wounded, 1500, which is 600
more than the Spanish loss.
Gomez gave his men only a night's rest
and then, leaving a garrison of 1500 men,
pushed on to the westward.
JVO OVERTURES FOR PEACE.
Cubans Will Only Accept Independence
From ftpain.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 14.— Senor
Gonzales Quesada, the head of the Cuban
Junta in Washington, was informed this
morning that a story had been published
to the «ffect that Secretary Olney and
Minister D- Lome had drawn up articles to
end the Cuban war on the lines • proposed
by General Gomez. Senor Quesada em
phatically, denied that any such action
bad been taken or could be approved by
the Cubans. .He said the story was abso
lutely false, as General Gomez had never
proposed any reform whatever, nor was
there a Cuban in the island that would
accept anything but absolute independ
ence.
To make his denial stronger, Senor
Quesada quoted from the decree Issued by
General Gomez some time ago, which is
now law, and in which he said that any
one in Cuba bringing overtures of peace
based on anything but independence was
to be considered as a traitor and would
be summarily dealt with, and, further,
that any treaty of peace with Spain which
must necessarily have for its basis the
absolute independence of the island of
Cuba must be ratified by the Government
Council of Cuba and by an assembly of
representatives convened expressly for
that purpose.
Senor Quesada to-day received a letter
from President Cisneros of the republic of
Cuba, dated Cubitas, December 2, which
inclosed some new postage stamps of the
Cuban republic. He read extracts from
this letter, in which President Cisneros
expressed his gratification that the people
and Congress of the United States con
tinued to show their sympathy for Cuba.
He said he was preparing an appeal in
which the Government of the Cuban re
public would ask for the recognition of the
independence of the island. He further
stated that they were preparing to renew
an offensive campaign.
General Gomez left to enter Santa Clara
with re-enforcements and a good supply of
munitions of war. Gomez's route would
be further west. President Cisneros also
said that. their condition was most pros
perous, and if they had an abundance of
munitions of war, not only of rifles but of
cannon and dynamite cannon, railroads
would be destroyed and all the, few re
maining garrisoned towns in the interior
would be abandoned by the Spaniards,
who would be reduced to the coast. Presi
dent Cisneros concluded that they ex
pected to receive very soon the desired
materials from abroad, which will- enable
the Cubans to drive the Spanish to the
sea, and then the Cubans would bid the
enemy a last good- by.
Both at the State Department and the
Spanish legation emphatic denials are
made that any provisional draft of terms
of surrender have been received by Sucre-
SAN francisco; FRIDAY morning, JANUARY 15, 1897.
tary Olney and discussed by him and Mr.
de Lome, the Spanish Minister. Senor
Pablo Soler, mentioned as the messenger
who arrived here fn>m Madrid on Monday
bringing the important document, is the
second secretrary of the Spanish legation,
and left Spain three weeks ago to succeed
Gaytan de Ayala, second secretary of lega
tion. " '• *£fi
Senor de Lome has not had an interview
with Secretary Olney except at the formal
receptions for more than a week. There
has been absolutely no change in the situ
ation since the President's annual mes
sage to Congress.
MISTAKE* FOIt A FILIBUSTER.
Lighting of a Match Gels the ■ atsamer
Delaware in Trouble.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., Jan. 14.— The
steamer Delaware of the Clyd*s' Boston,
i Wilmington, Charleston and Jacksonville
line camo into port this morning, having
on board Lieutenant Sutherland oi the
United States dispatch-boat Dolphin.
The presence of the lieutenant on board
the steamer is accounted , for by the fact
that she was taken for a filibuster when
I she appeared off the bar.
All grew out of the lighting of a match,
• and the officers of the Government vessel,
j on the alert to catch any filibuster along
j the Florida coast, flashed its searchlight
I over the waters to learn the meaning of
j the little flame. The light settled on a
small rowboat, in which was seated a pilot
awaiting the arrival of the Delaware to
bring her in over the bar.
The appearance of a man in a small row
boat at sea at so early an hour excited the
suspicions of the Dolphin and the boat
and men were kept under close surveil
lance. When the Delaware hove in sight
before daylight and the pilot boarded her,
the circumstances were regarded with
even more suspicion. Lieutenant Suther
land boarded the Delaware and came on
into port with her- ,
• After arriving here he visited the office
of United States Attorney Clark, but the
nature of his business cannot be learned.
He returned to the Dolphin about noon.
Continued on Second Page.
ONE OF THESE CAL IFORNIANS MAY ENTER THE CABINET.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 14.— Senator Perkins was to-day asked how he stood 1 since the" Senatorial election on the
Cabinet appointment, and replied that he had no feeling of animosity, but earnestly hoped California would have a representative
in President McKinley's Cabinet. He said, howevej, that the members of the Cabinet were the personal ' associates, advisers ' and
friends of the administration, and it would be unbecoming on the part of any one to do more than suggest names from Califor
nia for the consideration of tbe President. He had been informed, he stated, that there had been presented to President' Mc-
Kinley, through friends and advocates, the following names: Judge J. McKenna, Hcrace Davis, James ;A. Waymire, C. N.
Felton, J. J. de Haven, M. H. de Young, Samuel M. Shortridge. Colonel Otis, Elwood Cooper, ex-Governor Markham and others,
and be feels confident that the President will honor California by selecting one of the gentlemen named as a member of his
Cabinet. ■ ■■ . - • - **■ «■*■-.- ■ ..',.»-.:...•.
SHORTRIDGE AN
AMIABLE LOSER
Throughout the j Campaign
He Acted With Great
Dignity.
....... . .
Ridiculed by Certain . News
papers Because He Fought
Solely on Merit.
Gave Lessons in Courtesy, S-.ys the
Los Angeles Express, That Many
Cculd Profit By.
LOS ANGELES," Cal., Jan. 14.— Under
the caption of "Shortridge an Amiable
Loser," the Evening Express of this city
prints the following editorial to-day:
"No end of harsh things have been said
in the newspapers about Samuel M. Short
ridge during the two or three weeks which
he figured as a candidate for the United
States Senate. He has been ridiculed,
lampooned arid cartooned, but throueh it
all it must be said for Mr. Shortridge that
be has refrained from replying in kind and
has comported himself with a good deal of
dignity. While he was clearly outclassed
by his distinguished opponent from the
start he made precisely the kind of a con
test that wj all profess to consider he
proper one in theory, and which in prac
tice most newspapers and people in this
instance hooted at and ridiculed. That is,
there was no 'boodle' in Mr. Shortridge' s
fight. It was confined purely to persua
sion and argument. He was backed
■neither by 'the i railroad* nor -by
the r ' 'sugar 'interest,' ' and ' while
-everybody* would '■' have ' been angry ,
"if* it hid 'developed that he was being
•-pushed forward üby these or any* other
! Bfrong moneyed' interests the fact that he
wa/Tnot'arid that he was making his fight',
purely on bis own merits seemed to make
his Candida,/" with many of the s news
papers of the State a good-reason for heap
•ing ridicule and opprobrium upon him. ' t
'"Asa matter of fact Mr. Shortridge is
not at all the kind of man that he has
been pictured. He is no dude, although
he dresses well, and he is no joke. He is
an able lawyer and a gentleman, and
while he engaged in a hopeless contest
with Senator Perkins he did it at his own
expense and without doing anything
scandalous or which reflected upon his
integrity, and wound up his campaign by
sending the Senator-elect the following
j congratulatory telegram: V -:'■',.;
*v.; • .77. San* FrAncisco, Jan. 12, 1897.
To Hon, George C. Perkins, Washington, D. C. Fj
I heartily congratulate you upon your.. re- 1
election to the Senate and trust you may have
a continuance of health and strength to labor
for California and all her people." -
..*■-,... - < Samuel M. Shortridge.
"There are plenty of people in California
who could profitably take lessons -in
courtesy, at least, from Sam Shortridge.
: He is a good loser. ,
.. "The Call also does the proper thing in
publishing a handsome editorial about the
election of Senator Perkins."
Mc LAUGHLIN INDIGNANT.
Says He Did Not Show Waymire
the Letter Before He Sent It
to Major McKinley.
" SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 14— Major
McLaughlin, chairman of the Republican
State Central Committee, is indignant
over a statement in to-night's Bulletin to
the effect that the letter sent- by Major
McLaughlin of the State Committee to
the President-elect, asking that California
be given a place in the Cabinet, was sub
mitted to Assemblyman Waymire before
it was sent to President-elect McKinley.
Major McLaughlin to-night emphatic
ally j denied that tbe letter was submitted
to any one. It was mailed in San Fran
cisco on the 12th, before Major McLaugh
lin started for this place. He said that he
never submitted letters of that kind to
non-members of the committee.
BUREAU OF HIGH WAYS.
An, Interesting' Report on Hauling
An. 'the , State Submitted to
.; the Legislature.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Tan. 14. —The
Bureau of Highways, a*"* an illustration of
the work that- is in them, placed on the
desk of each legislator to-day a report by
Commissioner Irvine. The report, after a
somewhat extended introduction, comes
down to facts as follows:
The average haul in our State is 23.3 miles
and the cost per ton per mile is 22 cents,
while the average in the United States is 25
cents per ton, The total tonnage is given at
313,349,227, and it costs the enormous sum of
$946,414,665 54 to transport it on the high
ways. The value of all farm products for 1890
was $2,480,170,454. In other words it takes
-nearly 40 cents to market $1 worth of farm
produce. 3"§£g|
The increase in cost of hauling actually done
is by no means the only loss by bad roads.
The loss of perishable products for want of
access to market, the failure to reach market
when prices are good, and the failure to culti
vate products which would be marketable if
markets were always accessible, add many
millions to the actual tax of bad roads. More
over, the enforced idleness of millions of men
and draught animals during large portions of
the year is a loss not always taken Into account
in estimating the cost of work actually done.
Information already in the office of the De
partment of Road Inquiry indicates that all
things being considered nearly, if not quite,
two-thirds of this vast expense maybe saved
by road improvement, and this at a total cost
not exceeding the losses of three, or at the
most of four years by bad roads. " *•-.:-■
A machine weighing 16,000 pounds was
drawn four miles on the Brook turnpike, a
macadamized road. It required four mules
(4000 pounds to a mule) and one and a half
hours of time, at a cost of 15 cents per mule
per hour, or a total cost of 90 cents (or four
miles. After traveling lour miles on the mac
adamized turnpike the route was over about
2000 feet of dirt road. . To travel these 2000
feet it was necessary to use ten of the best
mules and seven men, and with this force it
took nine hours to complete the journey. The
cost was $19 80, at which rate to have trav
eled over four miles of such road would have
cost $209 08; in other words, $208 18 was
absolutely thrown away for want of a mac
adam road. Such a macadam road as would
have prevented this enormous waste of money
could have been built for about $100 per mile
for every foot of width; that is to say, a 12
--foot road would cost $1200 per mile, a foot
road would cost $1600 per mile, etc. From
this one can realize the enormous sum that is
wasted annually on our present system of
highways. , ' 1 7^7
In California the conditions are so favorable
to the construction of permanent roads that,
with proper legislation it can reasonably be
hoped that the Golden State will set an ex
ample to all others in the Union. The absence
of snow and frost j obviates one of the great
difficulties that must be contended with in the
Eastern States and the presence throughout
the State of excellent material for highway
construction is a great aid to the advance
ment of the movement for good roads.
The vast waste incurred by bad roads being
clear, the problem of remedying the evil pre
sents itself. The subject hat received the at
tention of able minds and the solution which
has proven most satisfactory is the construc
tion, under expert direction by the State, of
permanent main highways. Roads must be
properly located and Intelligently constructed,
and to comply with these requirements ex
perience has shown that qualified persons re
moved from local influences are better able to
carry out this beneficial plan of internal im
provement.
AN ARCH REFUSED.
So Colonel Shaw Will Appeal to
Business' Men to Get Funds .
for the Enterprise.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., July 14. -The As
sembly Ways and Means Committee to
day voted to report adversely for . an
appropriation in aid of the McKinley pro
tection arch at Washington. Colonel H.
G. Shaw is confident that he can raise the
funds required from the business men of
the State. " *- " , ; '"^7*
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
READY TO ROAR
ON THE FLOOR
Democrats and Populists
Opposed to-Unnecessary
Extravagance.
Some of the Minority, However,
Are Inclined to De ay the
• Outcry.
Ratber Expensive Furniture Pur
chased for the U*e of the
Committe. -Rooms.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 14. - The
Democrats and Populists of the Assembly
caucused to-night and resolved to roar
on the floor of the House to-morrow.
They wiil denounce the extravagance of
the temporary organization and assert
that they were not informed of the em
ployment of so many temporary officers
until tbey read the names and amounts
in the journal of the Assembly the fol
lowing day..
Some of the minority believing that the
Assembly has the right- to spend its con
tingent fund as it pleases recommended
that the tight be postponed until a meas
ure is presented asking for the appropri
ation of more money for the contingent
■expense of the Assembly.
The Republicans are prepared to show
by the record that Speaker Coombs ad
vised all the members that the 'roll was
large* and included the names of 'many
persons who were not statutory officers.
It is recalled that tbe Speaker went out
of bis way to direct the attention of the
House to the extravagance. At that time
the Democrats and Populists supposed
that men to whom they bad promised
recognition were on the temporary roll,
hence the admonition of the Speaker .was
unheeded.
Should the majority in the House re
fuse to entertain a resolution for an in
vestigation the minority members will
speak to questions of personal privilege.
All the confusion and expense of investi
gation will not save the money, because it
has been drawn from the treasury on
warrants issued by the Controller and de
livered by the Sergeant-at-Arms. : *''
, Retrenchers who really want to retrench
and call a halt before the money is gone
should look around the committee rooms
and note the many expensive* folding
desks, costing from $50 to $60 each, which
the Legislature is now purchasing for com
mittees. The furniture bills of two years
ago were large enough. At that time
sufficient commil tee-room furniture was
bought to last twenty years, but that fur
niture is out of style now and something
modern, costly and up-to-date must be
provided. When the furniture bills come
in there will be a scream of rage. The
buying is going on at present and the
goods must be paid for from the contin
gent funds. In the item of purchasing
new furniture the Senate is setting the
pace. The Populists and Democrats know,
as well as Republicans, that expensive
furniture has been ordered. Men who
have been around the Legislature for
many year - - are saying: "Where did all
these handsome $55 folding-desks come
from?"
The hair of taxpayers will stand on end
when they read of some of the demands
for money made by State institutions. The
Assembly Committee on State Hospitals
and Asylums, Malcolm chairman, held a
session to-night in the library. The com
mittee glanced over bills calling for ap
propriations of more than a half million
dollars. The Southern California institu
tion for the insane wants $183,000 for im
provements. Everything from a barn to
an electric plant is desired. The Mendo
cino Asylum asks for $130,000 f0r improve
ments. This is only a little starter. When
all the institutions line up with demands
for maintenance of inmates, new build
ings, laundries, dining-rooms, heating ap
paratus, etc., the sum will increase to mil
lions. On top of this will come the Normal
schools, the university, the National
Guard, the Supreme Court, aggregating
another million. .
And then on top of it all will come the
allowance for common schools, $4,000,000
more. Old claims, special counsel fees
and the State Printing Office will easily
take another million. The whole scheme
of appropriation by the million will be
rushed through on the closing days of the
session with less of public remonstrance
than was uttered against the payment of
$4000 to 100 men on the temporary roll of
organization.
The temper of the Legislature seems to
be in favor of letting everything go. Men
who are noting with keen interest every
thing that occurs predict that the scenes
of the Legislature of 1889 will be repeated.
The public institutions scattered through
out the State can rally quite a force of
members. This force combined with a
claim-supporting element could swing a
majority in each house. The outlook at
present indicates that the big appropria
tions will be passed.
Bills have been introduced to regulate
the telephone companies. One bill puts
an annual tax of a dollar on each pole
erected by light and power companies.
Telephone charges are limited to $2 a
month, and tbe companies are required to
file with the Controller an annual state
ment of their receipts and disbursements.
The Roads and Highways Committee of
the Assembly met tonight and heard the
Road Commissioners. The sentiment of
the committee was favorable to a continu
ance in ''office of the Commissioners and
the appropriation of more money.
The Assembly Committee on Federal
Relations met this afternoon and decided
to report in favor of the adoption of the
Caminetti Nicaragua canal resolutions.
The committee will also report on the
Sanford resolution thanking Congress for
the defeat of the funding bill.
The Assessors now hero will meet Ry
land Wallace anil Judge Daly, of tbe Code
Commission, ' to-morrow morning. The
bills which have been prepared are about
ready for introduction.
The Judiciary Committee to-day lis
tened to an argument by Judge Dibble2
SENATOR LANGFORD Thinking ot His Tariff Proposition
and Wondering; If He Really Is a Democrat*
against the repeal of the law pioviding
for semi-annual payment of taxes. The
committee decided to report against the
bill to restore the old order of annual pay
ments. Judge Dibble explained that the
law providing for two payments annually
was designed to prevent a congestion of
money in the treasury and banks.
Both houses of the Legislature will
probably adjourn to-morrow until Mon
day.
IN THE SENATE.
Among: the Bills Introduced Is One
Prohibiting: Advertising: of Lot
teries and Drawings.
SACBAMENTO, Cal., Jan. There
was no time wasted in oratory during the
half hour the Senate was in sessionto-day,
the time being consumed in the introduc
tion of bills, the more important of which
are as follows:
By Holloway — Constitutional amend
ment exempting from taxation tbe prop
erty of heads of families up to $200.
By Morehouse — To allow the erection of
a high school building on the Normal
School property at San Jose. ,
By Mahoney — Prohibiting burials within
the corporate limits of cities after 1900.
By Voorheis— Exempting from taxation
all educational institutions having an en
dowment of $1,000,000 or more; also ap
propriating $25,000 for the payment of
fees of counsel engaged to defend the
State's position in the Bailroad Commis
sion suit.
By Linder — Constitutional amendment
'giving the Legislature the right to regu
late the charges of gas, telephone and
electric light and power companies; also
tiling tbe maximum rental of telephones
at $2 per month, and compelling tele
phone and electric light companies to pay
5 per cent of their gross receipts to the
State.
By Seawall — Constitutional amendment
exempting from taxation public libraries,
museums, property used exclusively for
public schools and the property of all uni
* ...... _
MR. WOLF, Secretary of the Bureau of Public Highways, Lost
in Deep Thought.
versifies, colleges and corporations organ
ized exclusively for educational or scien
tific purposes and not for profit, and which
devote their entire income to educational
or scientific purposes, free from sectarian
bias or control.
By Braunhart— Compelling street rail
ways to issue packages of tickets at prices
not exceeding 5 cents, to be honored by all
street railways, companies to redeem tick
ets once a week.
By Androus — suppress lotteries, and
making it a misdemeanor to advertise lot
teries or the results of drawings.
By Withington— Appropriating $50,000
for harbor improvements at San Diego.
By Pedlar — prevent Judges from ap
pointing relatives as court reporters.
A. resolution was offered by Gleaves
authorizing the payment of the following
claims for mileage to statutory officers:
L. H. Pedlar, bookkeeper to sergeant-at
arms, $36; B. C. Mayhew, engrossing clerk
of the Senat-\ $27; J. H. Dungan, enrolling
clerk, $4 40; T. H. Simpson, journal clerk,
$97 60. Beferred to the committee on
mileage. •}
Bills were also introduced making tech
nical schools, established by private gift,
having an endowment of $1,000,000 or
i more, public schools without support from
the State school fund.
Prohibiting bequests to charitable in
stitutions within thirty days before death.
Appropriating $30,000 for an industrial
home of mechanical trades for the adult
blind.
To pay the traveling expenses of Debris
Commissioner John F. Kidder. $724 35.
Adjourned. It is probable that the
Senate will to-morrow adjourn until
Monday.
IN THE ASSEMBLY.
One Interesting: Bill Relating" to
Community Property Upon the
Death of Husband or Wife,
SACBAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 14.— The As
sembly granted the Committee on Hospi
tals permission to visit the Glen Ellen
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 15, 1897.
Home on Saturday, and a motion was
made to allow Guy, chairman of the Ways
ana Means Committee, to go also.
Speaker Coombs entered the chamber at
this juncture and read the members a
lesson on economy. He said junketing
was a serious question. This started a de
bate that lasted an hour. Finally consid
eration of the matter was passed, tempo
rarily.
Seven bills were reported for passage,
and the Irrigation Committee recom
mended that the bill providing for tbe re
demption of land sold for irrigation bond
taxes be made urgent. It was made the
special order for Monday.
The Assembly receded from its amend
ment changing the date of election of
library trustees from February 3 to Jan
uary 21, and adopted the Senate resolu
tion.
Bills were introduced as follows:
By Damon— To allow the Fish Commis
sioners to purchase a steam launch.
By Appropriating $287,000 to pay
coyote claims.
By Malcolm— To exempt Stanford Uni
versity property from taxation. V
By Mulcrevy — To regulate the liability
of corporations to employes for injuries
received.
By Cutter— To prevent surety companies
from engaging in the banking business.
By Way mire— To erect a monument to
Colonel E. D. Baker in Golden Gate Park.
Sanford offered a resolution to make
Saturday a holiday. By a vote of 41 to 33
it was referred to the Committee on Fed
eral Relations.
The bills regulating the office of Com
missioner of Public Work«, creating a de
partment of labor, fixing a minimum rate
of rages and ' affecting the Debris Com
mission were read for the first time.
Hill introduced a bill for tbe protection
of livery stable proprietors; also a bill
providing that, upon the death of either
husband or wife, the entire community
property, without administration, belongs
to the survivor and becomes his or her
separate property. Adjourned. "
JUNKETS AND CAUCUSES.
Extravagance Objected To and a
Californlan for the Cabinet
Urg^d.
SACBAMENTO, Cal., Jau. 14.—Assem
blymen who fancy that there should be a
limit to extravagance rallied this morn
ing and sought to check a cleverly pre
pared plan fjr a junket. Before they per
ceived the dangerous character of tbe
raid a resolution had been adopted au
thorizing the Committee on State Hos
pitals and Asylums to visit Glen Ellen,
Ukiah and some other places. A motion
to include, Guy, chairman of the Ways
and Means Committee, in the list of the
junketers brought about the discussion.
This request was denied and to-morrow
tbe resolution authorizing the committee
to travel about at the State's expense may
be reconsidered.
Speaker Coombs said very plainly to
the House that this method of using the
public money was obnoxious to the tax
payers.
Shanahan remarked that it was unpre
cedented for the chairman of the Ways
and Means Committee to travel around in
the manner proposed.
Cutler announced that he had con
stantly opposed all junketing resolutions.
Committees went out to ascertain if ap
propriations could not be diminished, and
invariably returned asking for an in
creased allowance. "The State gets the
worst of it v both ways. This proposition
involve" the useless expenditure of
$25,000." »Mi''*.i'.:::.-*;-.'!r.'
. Treaty of San Francisco observed that
the institution for the insane in Southern
California was asking for $30,000 for drains.
Some one should go there see if such
an amount was necessary.
Assemblymen Price, Mallick, Wright,
Bridgford, Chynoweth, Malcolm and
Valentine participated in the debate. The
discussion will be renewed to-morrow on
Shanahan's motion to reconsider.
The union minority, composed of Demo
crats and Populists, caucused at 9 o'clock
to determine what line of action tbe
minority should follow in legislative af
fairs. Obviously it was decided to make
as much capital as possible over the defeat
of the funding bill in Congress, because
Mr. Sanford, chairman of the caucus, lost
no time in presenting the annexed resolu
tion in the Assembly:
Whereas, The people of the State of Cali
fornia have been watching with unabated in
terest the determined purpose of the Pacific
railroads to evade the payment of its just
debt due the United States Government, and
whereas the earnest petitions of this State to
the Congress of the United States, as formerly
expressed by the signatures of 200,000 of her
electors and more recently by resolution of
the Legislature of California, have been so
generously granted by the overwhelming de
feat of the funding bill, and whereas there is
still pending another such bill in the Senate
of the United States which will yet be pusned
by the untiring efforts ot those in charge,
now, therefore, be it
Resolved. First, that wo express our gratitude
to Congress for the good work it has already
done, and second, as an earnest of the sincere
wishes of the people of the State that all such
measures be ultimately defeated, be il
Resolved. That when we adjourn next Fri
day, January 15, 1897, that we do so until the
Monday following as an expression of our
thanks and thus further emphasize our wishes
concerning any further legislation on the
subject; be It further
Resolved, That the Governor be requested to
declare Saturday, January 16, 1897, a legal
holiday for thanksgiving and a day of general
rejoicing.
Sanford moved for suspension of the
rules and immediate consideration of tbe
resolution.
Cutter moved the previous question.
The question was ordered. The motion to
suspend the rules was lost, and the reso
lutions were accordingly referred to the
Committee on Federal Relations, Mr.
Goodhue chairman. -
Sanford moved that the committee be
instructed to report- back the resolutions
to-morrow morning. The motion was laid
on the table.
Republican Senators and Assemblymen
met in joint caucus at noon to consider a
Cabinet recommendation. Speaker Coombs
introduced the following, which was
adopted without a dissenting vote:
Whereas, Hon. Frank McLaughlin, chair
man of the State Central Committee of the
Republican party, has addressed to the Presi
dent-elect the following communication,
dated January 12, 1897: . ."" \,_
* 'Hon. William McKinley, President-elect of the
United States, Canton. Ohio— My Dear Sir : The
State Central Committee of this State,' com
posed of one member from every Assembly
district, atid constituting the most thoroughly
representative Republican organization with
in the State, respectfully invites your atten
tion, before you finally, determine upon the
membership of your Cabinet, to the justice of
California's claim to recognition, and request
that you appoint one of her citizens as a mem
ber thereof. The committee does not consider
it either good politics or good taste to desig
nate to you any particular individual upon
whom the honor may be bestowed, but assure
you that upon whomsoever your choice may
fall his appointment will receive their
unanimous and most cordial approval and'
your administration their steadfast loyalty.
Very respectfully yours,. ',■
"Frank McLaughlin, Chairman."
Resolved, That [ the Republican members of
the Senate and Assembly of California, in joint
caucus, indorse the action of the chairman of
Eli and the Major Have a Quiet Little Game*
the State Central Committee, and that they
unite with the chairman of the said commit
tee in the request contained in the above com
munication. «
Beishaw to-day introduced a bill appro
priating $30,000. The measure contains
this explanatory introduction:
Section 1. Whereas, there is now pending
in the Circuit Court of the United States for
the Northern District of California a suit
wherein the Southern Pacific Company is
plaintiff and the Board of Railroad Commis
sioners of the State ol California is defendant,
which suit involves the question whether the
condition of the said Southern Pacific Com
pany and the various lines of road controlled
by It Is such as to justify a substantial reduc
tion of the rates of freight hnd fares charged
on said line; and whereas, the question in
volves an examination into all the operations
ot the numerous roads for a series of years and
the careful investigation of their accounts;
which are voluminous and complicated, and
whereas, said work can be performed satisfac
torily only by experts of skill and experience
in railroad affairs and of known probity;
and whereas, it is to the interest of the people
of California that the real condition of the
said railroads should be made known and
proved in the said suit; and whereas, the
other costs and expenses of said litigation
have been and will be incurred and must be
provided for,
Sec. 2. Now, therefore, the sum of $30,000
is hereby appropriated out of any money in
the State Treasury not otherwise appropriated
for the employment of experts and for the
purpose aforesaid, payable under the direc
tion and approval of the State Board of Ex
aminers, and for the purposes aforesaid the
Controller is hereby directed to draw his war
rants payable to the order of the president of
the Railroad Commission tor such sum or sums
as may be directed by said State Board of Ex
aminers, not exceeding in all the sum hereby
appropriated.
Sec. 3. Nothing in this act shall be construed
as recognizing the lawfulness of the combina
tion of roads controlled by the said Southern
Pacific Company or the existence of said com
pany as a railroad corporation, or its right to
control or operate any of the railroads consti
tuting said combination.
• The foregoing bill is not all. j The State
Board of Examiners has recommended
the Legislature to pay W. W. Foote, Rob
ert Y. Hayne and J. C. Daly $25,000 for
assisting the Attorney-General in argu
ing the railroad case in the United States
Circuit Court. Mr. Guy, chairman of the
Ways and Means Committee, Introduced
the bill. Attached to the measure is a
statement from the State Board of Exam
iners, including a transcript of testimony.
A number ot lawyers went before the
board and testified that the charge for
legal service was j reasonable, and Gover
nor Budd, Secretary of State Brown and
Attorney-General Fitzgerald certify that
this charge is correct.
How the Republican members of the
Assembly are going to square themselves
for permitting $40C0 to be drawn from
their contingent fund to organize the
house is something that remains to be
told. The amount involved is only a drop
in the bucket compared with the big jobs
already concocted, but the effrontery of
the proceeding creates a scandal.
Controller Colgan has issued his war
rants for tbe amounts appropriated.
There was no other course open to him.
The Assembly has absolute control of its
contingent fund. Junkets can be ordered
Picturesque Little MR. WHITEHEAD of the G. A. R.
and mileage allowed. Extra positions
may be created, and attaches performing
one day's service may net one week's pay.
The Controller may know that the charges
are unreasonable, but he cannot withhold
the warrants.
To-day the assistant sergeant-at-arms
said % that only eight of the warrants
drawn for payment of attaches for tem
porary organization were in his posses
sion. All others have been issued. The
money has been drawn from the Treasury,
and a scandal attaches to the Assembly.
There was no roll-stuffing or concealment.
When the report of the* committee was
brought before the Assembly, Speaker
Coombs called the attention of the mem
bers to the fact that others than statutory
officers were allowed money for attending
the temporary organization, and a motion
was made to exclude them. The Assem
bly, by an almost unanimous vole, pro
nounced in favor of paying every man on
the long roll. ,". V _
No doubt a great cloud of dust has been
raised over the small grab to obscure pub
lic vision of bie drawdowns in contem
plation. The Democratic and Populist
minority as a rule voted along with the
Republicans to pay every person whose
name was on the roll. The amount in
volved, however, is infinitesimal com
pared with the single demand for money
to be expended by the Railroad Com
missioners.
WORK OR TROUBLE.
Convicts idle Seek Relief in Attempting
to Murder.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 14.— Idleness
iB breeding trouble among the convicts in
tho Kings County penitentiary. During
tbe nine days the prisoners have been
without employment there have been
twenty-two attempts at suicide. Yester
day Harris McCoy, a powerful negro, en
deavored to kill his cell-mate. Leon
Thompson, who is also a negro, also made
a desperate effort to throw a keeper over a
fourth tier railing.
This was followed by a fight between
John Manning and Thomas Connelly, two
short-term prisoners. In his effort to
bring the existence of Thompson to an
end McCoy made use of a bottle which he
managed to secrete in his cell. "
It is the intention of the Commissioners
of Charities to place the convicts at work
as soon as the contractor's plant is re
moved from the Brow Hill institution.
Shoes, clothing and other articles for use
in the county institutions will be made
It is confidently -predicted that unless
some sort of employment be found for the
prisoners at Sing Sing a serious riot will
occur inside of six weeks. The men are
becoming very restless.
Approved by Cardinal Gibbons.
BALTIMORE, Md., Jan. 14.— Cardinal
Gibbons to-day expressed his approval of
the arbitration treaty between England
and the United States in unqualified terms.
In his opinion it reduces to a minimum
the dread alternative of war. In discuss
ing the subject to-day the Cardinal said:
"The fact that the two great English
speaking nations of the earth bave taken
so decisive a step in the direction of uni
versal arbitration gratified me beyond
measure and should afford to all lovers of
peace the keenest satisfaction.'.'
SANTA CLARA
IS CAPTURED
* Continued from First Pace.
Lieutenant Sutherland was seen during
his short visit in this city, and when asked
as to whether the Dolphin would come
into port, replied that he could not say.
BOSTON, Mass., Jan. 14.— steam
ship Delaware of the Clyde line, which
is reported in a Jacksonville (Fla.) dis
patch to have been fired on and seized at
the mouth of the St. Johns River on sus
picion of being engaged in a filibustering
expedition, left Boston last Friday after
noon bound for Charleston and Jackson
ville.
She mailed from Charleston yesterday,
and that -was the last heard of her by the
Boston agents until informed of the al
leged seizure. Her cargo consisted of
ordinary merchandise consigned to the
Clyde Company's agents at Charleston
and Jacksonville. Local officials of the
company say that the report that the
Delaware was on a filibustering expedi
tion is news to them, and they place no
credence in the report.
ZOSS OF" THE COMMODORE.
Official Report on the Disaster Made by
Steamship Inspectors.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 14.— Leo
Vogel and Charles A. Spencer, United
States steamship inspectors at Jackson
ville, Fla., have reported to the Treasury
Department the result of their investiga
tion as to the sinking of the filibustering
steamer Commodore. They find that the
vessel was fully equipped in all respects.
The report furtber«says:
"Our opinion of the sinking of the
steamer Commodore is that it was due to
the complication of the pipes for freeing
the vessel of water not being fully unfler
stood by the engineer's departm nt."
Begarding the loss of life, the report
states that "for some unknown reason" a
boat containing six men returned to the
vessel, and the men endeavored to rig up
a raft and were carried down when the
ship sank. The loss of the vessel is placed
at about $15,000 and cargo $400. The report
says that Captain Murphy did all in his
power to save officers and crew.
AX OTHER AMERICAN ' VICTIM.
He Was Found Guilty in Havana on Ex-
Parte Evidence.
HAVANA, Cuba, Jan. 14. At noon to
day sentence was read in the case of Luis
Someillan. a naturalized American citizen,
found guilty of conspiracy against the
Spanish Government. The sentence is
that he be imprisoned for life in chains.
Someillan's lawyer will appeal to the Su
preme Court at Madrid.
The tribunal discarded all the evidence
favorable to the prisoner, saying that
there was ex-parte evidence of a complot
to misguide the tribunal.
£1 Pueblo, the organ of the autonomist
party in Puerto Principe, has been sup
pressed by order of the Government. The
editor of the paper, Senor Eduardo Vareia
Zequiera, a former correspondent of La
Discussion and other prominent papers of
tbe locality, has been arrested.
Louis Lay, the youne American who
was arrested some months ago at Begla,
across the bay from Havana, was released
from the Cabanas fortress, where he had
been confined since his arrest.
CAME TO KILL HIS BROTHER.
Strange Mission of Karl Kiew, a Young
German, Who Worked His Way
to America.
BUFFALO, N. V., Jan. 14.— Karl Kiew,
a young German fresh from Berlin, has
reached this city en route for St. -Louis on
a strange and unnatural mission — the
murder of his brother Hans. Karl is
about 23 years of age, well educated, and
has a look of quiet determination. He
told his strange story to-day at Police Sta
tion 1.
His father was a wealthy manufacturer,
and Karl was studying at the University
of Bonn when he was summoned home to
learn that his brother Hans, who was in
business with his father, had converted
all their property into cash and fled to
America with a woman whom his father
had forbidden him to marry on pain of
being disinherited. The father died heart
THE DOCTOR'S
EXAMINATION!
I r^.lf ni3l!g___f
I inn" 1 -!"- i^rr^7 t
''•f_3'
How many boils have you had?
•.*.'.' Six or eight, doctor.
Did they come. on in different portions
of your body
- - Yes, doctor.
How long has this one been here?
, x Two weeks, doctor.
Have you any hereditary blood disease
in your system? ■ t
, I believe so, doctor.
Have you had boils more or less all your
life? >
, Yes, doctor.
Many times I have found it in my prac-
tice that boils result from some blood
taint, some hereditary blood disease in the
system. Boila are also due to an impov-
erished condition of the system, as one
may say, when you are all run down.
Your blood is in a bad state, you must
have a remedy that will act quickly and
effectively. Your general system must be
put in a healthy condition. I will write a
prescription. Take nothing else.
y.~~. ............................. '*•
: JOY'S VEGETABLE ":
: SARSAPARILLA :
:M. S*g. (one bottle) :
" Two teaspoonfuls three (3) times :
: a day. When bowels are regular take :
: one teaspoonful. -.» ■',;"<
. Don't let the druggist talk you into
buying ' anything in N place of our Home
Remedy— Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla. -
broken. He charged Karl to search for
Hans and tell him that his father, whom
ne had killed by his conduct, forgave him.
Karl then told of his struggle {to reach
this country, to which his brother had"
fled. He -vorked his way across the oceaOr^
in a cattle steamer, and arrived in New (
York with but a few dollars in his pocket.
He there met a former friend who had
seen Hans in St. Louis and it was to this
city Karl was making his way. He ap
plied at the station-house for lodging. He
calmly said he intended to kill his brother
on sight, that tie had crossed the ocean
and undergone privations and misery for
this purpose and would persevere until he
had accomplished it.
In his possession the police found a big
Colt's revolver loaded, a box of cartridges
and half a bottle of wine. He had 26
cents in his pocket. He will be detained
here until his story is investigated.
KEW TO-DAT.
ARE YOU
a sick woman?
"DO YOU "\*V^L"DSTT TO
GET I^7*__!l_l_ aSLXsTID
* STRONG I
Almost all the sickness and discomfort
of women is directly due to a diseased con-
dition of tiie organs of the body that are
directly interwoven with the threads of
tier life. T -' r * ,
Female weakness grows fast when it is
once well started. When there Is the
slightest indication of disease no 'time
should be lost in consulting the doctors a*
the State Electro-Medical Institute. Their*W
combined medical and electrical treat- J
ment, which embraces the curative vir-
tues of both of these great remedies, is
the greatest discovery ever made in the
medical world for curing ovarian troubles,
leucorrhcea, inflammation and ulceration,
falling and displacement of the womb, and
the worst forms of the many complicated
ills and evils generally known as female
complaints.
A Woman Can Imagine
A great many things, but she cannot im-
agine the nervous, crazing agonies of so-
called femaffe complaints. They are a
reality. Words cannot describe their hor-
rors. Nine-tenths of the insanity among
women comes from this nerve-nagging,
brain-destroying cause.
The Electro-Medical treatment given at
the Institute has an immediate and direct
effect upon the organs it is designed to
purify and strengthen.
Cures Are Positive and
Permanent.
It brings new life to ihe worn, fagged,
nerveless, emaciated sufferer, and makes
her in reality "a new woman" makes her
capable of performing all of the duties of
wifehood and motherhood. It makes her
capable of enjoying to the utmost every
enjoyable thing. V'<* /'.'-"v,
It you are sick or ailing, if you want to
know what ii the matter with you, and if
you want to be cured, you should resort
without delay to the State Electro- Medical
Institute. The Institute IKEATS AND
CURES Diseases of the Heart, Brain and
Nerves. blood Diseases, Rheumatism, Ca-
tarrh, Kidney Diseases, Throat Diseases,
Stomach Diseases. Diseases ol the Liver,
Bowel Diseases, Eye Diseases, Ear Dis-
eases, Diseases of Men, Diseases* of Women,
and all Curable Diseases.
$5 RITE FOIWLL DISEASES.
WRITE if you cannot call at the In-
stitute, describe your troubles by letter r'M
and the Doctors will advise you what to i"
do. Strictest confidence observed. I
STATE, ELECTROMEDICAL HSTITUTE,
Located at the Corner of Market,
Powell and Eddy Streets.
ENTRANCE No. 3 EDDY STREET,
" San Francisco, Cal.
NOTICE ISYITOG SEALED PROPOSALS
For the Purpose of Sale of Bonds of
the City of Sari Jose.
THE MAYOR AND COMMON COUNCIL OP
the City of San Jose, having by ordinance en-
titled "An ordinance providing for the issuance
and sale of bonds of the City of ban Jose," etc.,
passed ou tne 21st day of December, 1896, and
approved on the 23d day of December, 1896,
ordained that there should be issued by said city
of San Jose six hundred high school building
bonds, of the denomination of $125 each, and four
hundred sewer bonds of the denomination of $100
each, both classes of bonds to bear interest at the
rate of Ufa per cent per annum, payable semi-
annually, and also by said ordinance authorized
and directed the City Clerk of said city to give
notice inviting proposals for the sale of said bonds,
now therefore
Public notice Is hereby given that the City of San
Jose intends to issue one thousand bonds aforesaid,
and that sealed proposals will be received at tha
office of said City Clerk, at the City Hall In San
Jose, < a'.ifornla, until the hour of eight o'clock
M., on the eighth day of February, 1897 (at
which time, or as soon- thereafter as said Mayor
and Common. Council shall duly convene, said bids
will ba opened), for the purchase of the whole or
any part of said high school building and sewer
bonds, or either thereof. Said bonds are to bear
date June 1, 1897, and tbe interest thereon lobe
paid semi-annually on the first day if December'
and the first day of June of each year thereafter
both principal and interest payable In gold coin or
lawful money of ibe United States
.- Said hi. school building bonds shall be num-
bered consecutively from one to six hundred, both
Inclusive, and be divided into forty series, num-
bered consecutively trom one to forty, both In-
clusive, each series consisting of fifteen bonds;
the first series. is to Include those bonds which are
numbered from one tb fifteen, both inclusive, and
each succeeding series is to include the fifteen
bonds numbered consecutively* atter those in-
cluded in the next preceding series.
Bald sewer bunds shall be numbered consecu-
tively from one to four hundred, both Inclusive,
and b • divided into forty series numbered con-
secutively from one to forty, both inclusive, each
series consisting of ten bonds; the first series is to
Inciude those bonds which are numbered from
one to ten, both Inclusive, and each succeeding i
series is to Include the ten bonds numbered con- 9-
secutlvely after those Included In the next pre-'
ceding series. . ,-£■'■■■
The first series of said high school building
bonds and said sewer bonds shall be made payable
on the first day of June, 1898, and one of . the re-
maining series is to be made payable on the first
day or June iv each succeeding ca.endar year
thereaf er, until and including the ye^r 1937.
Bald bonds are to be made payable to th.- orderof
the purchaser or payee by name, and to each of
said bonds there ii to be attached, Interest-bearing
coupons, double in number to the number of years
wblcu such bond has to run before . its maturity.
Proposals must state the price offeied, the descrip-
tion of the bonds desired, and be accompanied by
a certified cnecu on some responsible bank, pay-
able to the order of the Mayor of said City. for at
least ten per cent of the amount bid, said checK to
be returned to bidder in case the bid is not ac-
cepted. The purchase money for said bonds shall
be laid In gold coin of the United tales within
ninety days after notice of acceptance. The right
loaccept any or all bids and to rej-ct any or all
bids, or portions of bids, Is hereby expressly re-
served: j. w. COOK, City Cierlt
Dated January 2d, 1897.
GEORGE H. FULLER DESK CO. .
Jj&r£Z3rT.^x**3f Is the Place to Buy
JfPIII DESKS, CHAIRS
" S^^"^T=ssi^P? And All Klndsot
If&ffS OFFICE FURNITURE
638-640 Mission St.
DR.MCNULTY.
T'HTS WELL-KNOWN AND RKLIABLE OLD
I A Specialist Private.Nervous.Blood and Skin
Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over '
20 years' experience. Send for Book, free. Patients
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours, 9to 3 i
daily;6:3otoB.3oev , es. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consulta- f
tionfree and sacredly confldeutial. Call or address '
"P. ROSCOE McNBITT, ¥».,
20,^ amy Street. Nan Kran<i«fo. C»l.
DRli_}H E S t™ bootblacks, btiH-
-7* 9 ' ** t£J„, ThOU ** hOU9 'f B . billiard- tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canneS
dyers, flourmtlls, foundries, laundries, paw
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, stable-
men, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
D ; m BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 S»or*M— *>_t«9fcFOR COLLECTING
RAILROAD DEBTS
New Plans Are Considered
by the Committee of
the House.
Sub-Committee of Five Appointed
to Draw Up a More
Suitable Bill.
It Is Proposed to Intrude an Adjust
ment of the Indebtedness of the
Sioux City and Pacific.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 14.— The
House Committee on Pacific Railroads at
its meeting to-day demonstrated beyond
doubt that in their .opinion the better
plan for settling the long-standing in
debtedness or* the Pacific railways to the
Government would be through a com
mission having power to subpena persons
and papers. This determination was the
result of a motion by Harrison of Ala
bama that a sub-committee of five should
be selected to formulate a plan of settle
ment on the lines of the substitute offered
by bim in the House several days ago
when the Powers bill was under consider
ation. The Harrison substitute provided
for a committee consisting of three mem
bers of the Cabinet, who should have
power to settle the indebtedness of all the
bond-aided railways.
Harrison's motion caused a general dis
cussion, which showed that the members
with practical unanimity approved the
committee idea, the only difference of
opinion being as to the number of Cabinet
members who should constitute it. Some
of the members tbougnt the commission
should consist of more than three Cabinet
officers, while others objected to the in
clusion of the Secretary of the Treasury
on the ground that his other duties took
up all of his attention. It was agreed
that a sub-committee consisting of five
members should be appointed to drait a
committee bill, and it was decided to in
clude in their work a plan for the adjust
ment ot the indebtedness ol the Sioux City
and Pacific Railway to the Government,
inasmuch as the bill now before the com
mittee for this purpose leaves the settle
ment of this mutter with the Secretary of
the Treasury. The sub-committee con
sists of Powers of Vermont, Harrison of
Alabama, Hepburn of lowa, Patterson of
Tennessee and Hubbard of Missouri.
They will hold severai meetings during
the next few days, and the belief was ex
pressed to-day that before the meeting of
the full committee on Wednesday next
they would have prepared a bill which in
their judgment will not only meet the ap
proval of the committee, but of a major
ity of the House as well.
The bonds of the Sioux City road ma
ture on January 1, 1898. The amount of
the original indebtedness is $1,600,000,
which, with the accrued interest, aggre
gates $4,000,000. The road now forms a
part of the Chicago and Northwestern
Railway, and Mr. Brown of the firm of
Brittan & Gray, of this city, who are the
counsel for that company, appeared be
fore the committee to-day and briefly
staled the facts concerning the original
construction of the road and the issue of
first mortgage bonds at $16,000 a mile.
Mr. Brown explained that the desire of
the company is to avoid a foreclosure next
year by authorizing the Secretary of the
Treasury to make a settlement of the
Government's debt, and upon payment
thereof to give full acquittance. The bill
does not waive or affect any of the Gov
ernment's legal rights or -remedies should
tbe settlement proposed fail of accom
p ishment.
Fred Chamberlain, who is associated
with John C. Coombs of Boston, the gen
eral counsel of the Credits Commutation
Company, which has $10,000,000 invested
in railroad property in Sioux City, op
posed the bill. Mr. Chamberlain thought
from a strategic standpoint that Con
gress ought not to pass ihis bill until it
had some settlement of the main Pacific
roads question. The company he repre
sented fonnd that their railway property
in Sioux City depended for its value upon
the facilities which were granted to Sioux
City by the Union Pacific road which were
very meager. For three sessions of Con
gress, he continued, this company had
been sending representatives to Congress
to secure an amendment to the Pacific
funding bills which should give the Sioux
, City road fair treatment and a fair amount
of traffic, provided they built a road from
Sioux City ISO miles southwest to a junc
tion of the Union Pacific' main line at
North Platte. He frankly admitted that
the failure of the Pacific Railway Com
mittee to make such provision in their bill
had resulted in a strong opposition from
the association of bankers, which bad in
fact constituted the only well-organized
opposition to the bill.
HUXTIAGTOA'S MEW HOPE.
Prefers a Commission to a Government ;
Foreclnsure.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 14.— tel
egraphed exclusively to The Call last
night, Huntington, realizing the futility
of attempting to pass a refunding bill, will
now seek to have Congress pass the bill
introduced in the House by Representa
tive Harrison of Alabama, and in the Sen
ate by Gear, chairman of the Senate Pa
cific Railroads Committee, providing for
the appointment of a commission to settle
the Pacific roads debts.
An interview telegraphed to The Call
last night expressed the views of Chair
man Powers of the House committee.
There is no doubt that Huntington at last
realizes the hopelessness of endeavoring to
secure the passage of the refunding bill.
A measure offered by Bell of Texas as a
substitute for the Powers refunding scheme
provides tbat if the Government could be
given a first mortgage, instead of the sec
ond lien it now holds, the debt should be
extended for a period of years at 3 per
cent interest, instead of 2 per cent as
stipulated in the Powers bill.
Tbe Harrison bill and the Bell 'measure
were both considered at the meeting of
the House Committee on Pacific Railroads
to-day. Huntington does not favor the
Bell proposition, for he realizes how diffi
cult it would be to gain the consent of
those who are now the first bondholders
to make their securities a second lien on
the road instead of first, and probably the
only way this could be accomplished
would be to give them a lien on the South
ern Pacific property. Huntington favors
the bill for a commission as the best thing
for him under the circumstances.
Anything to prevent foreclosure on the
Central Pacific is the motto, for he fears
tbat it may be sold under the hammer and
become a competitor of the Southern Pa
cific. It was evident last night from ex
pressions given The Call correspondent
by Chairman Powers, and from the fact
that Gear introduced the bill in the Sen
ate, that Huntington favored this plan for
a commission, and this impression was
confirmed to-day when it transpired that
the House Pacific Railroads Committee
was unanimously in favor of the Harrison
bill.
Chairman Powers was not present at to
day's meeting, owing to illness, and Mr.
Hepburn of lowa presided. .
The only difference of opinion among
members of the committeo is concerning
the personnel of the Pacific Railroad Com
mission to be created under the Harrison
and Gear bills. The original bill provides
that it shall be composed of the Secretary,
of the Treasury, Attorney-General and
Secietary of the Interior. One of the
members suggested that the onerous
duties of the Secretary of the Treasury
should exempt him irom this duty and
recommended that the Attorney-General
and Secretary of the Interior, with three
others not now in official life, constitute
such commission.
The sub-committee took the suggestion
under advisement and will report a bill to
the full committee next Wednesday.
Representatives Powers and Patterson
of the sub-committee both favor the Har
rison bill. Hubbard, who fought the Pow
ers bill, wants a commission.
Representative Bell of Texas is said to
be the only member of the committee
against the proposition. He said after
the committee meeting to-day that he was
opposed to the new project. He wanted
his substitute to the Powers bill reported
by the committee.
The chairman of the committee and
other members of it believe that they can
secure another day from the Committee
on Rules for a hearing on the Harrison
bill, if it is reported. They think that
one day will be sufficient to debate the
bill, as the situation is well understood by
members of the House by now. Mr. Har
rison says that one day will be sufficient.
Mr. Harrison hopes to have •*•, talk with
General Hampton, Commissioner of Rail
roads, before the bill comes up next
Wednesday. The idea of a commission
was recommended by General Hampton
in bis annual report. The latter is now at
his home in Columbia, S. C, and has not
been in the city for some time.
The California delegation will fight the
new bill, if it gets a standing in the House,
as they fought the other.
"I do not see any necessity for any
legislation on the subject," said Represen
tative Bowers. "No legislation is needed
to protect the interests of the Govern
ment. The Thurman law tates care of
that. This seems to be a last desperate
effort."
Representative Barharu agreed that no
new legislation is necessary, and said that
it ought not to be given consideration.
Hesaid the foreclosure proceedings ought
to begin.
He was satisfied that the Government
would get what was due it under the pro
ceedings. There would be plenty of buy
ers. He referred to the latest rumors that
the Vanderbiits want the Union Pacific as
showing that there will be no lack of bid
ders if there is a sale.
Representative Hubbard admits that
the Government will be taken care of un
der the Thurman law.
Senator Gear, chairman of tho Commit
tee on Pacific Railroads, will call a meet
in-; of that committee to-morrow to con
sider the bill introduced by him yesterday
for the appointment of a commission.
Senator Gear said that he thought it likely
that it would be disposed to delay any
an> action until it should be known what
the House would do, but that ne could
not say until the committee should meet
what course would be advised. •
The Senator said he had introduced his
bill after a conference with some of the
members of his committee, but that he
had not made sufficient inquiry to form
an intelligent idea of its strength in the
Senate. Nor did he know how the Pacific
Railroad people would regard the bill.
"I have not conferred with any of
them." said the Senator, "and cannot say
whether the provisions of the bill will be
acceptable to them or not; but I should
suppose they would prefer treating with a
responsible commission to having roads
disposed of at forced sale."
The statement of Gear that he knows
nothing of the wishes of the Pacific rail
road people must be taken with a few
grains of salt.
It is singular that the House Committee
is almost unanimously in favor of the
commission bill, and it is significant, too,
that it was introduced in tho Senate yes
terday by Gear, who is Huntington's
friend.
Grove Johnson is also favorable to this
plan. The Call correspondent asked him
to-night what was the best thing to be
done with the roads now that the refund
ing bill had failed. He said:
"I do not think the Pacific railroads
ought to do anything except prepare them
selves to meet any demand the Govern
ment can make. I think that Congress
should tase action in the matter. It is
absolute duty for it to do so.
"Every day's delay is injurious to the
Government's interests and complicates
the situation. It makes the debt larger
and diminishes the security and is an invi
tation to the railroad companies to con
cert measures to defeat the Government.
"While I think the funding bill was a
good one, yet I am prepared to .support
any reasonable measure that will secure
the debt due the Government and prevent
the necessity of Government ownership of
the roads. I have no scheme to suggest at
present, but propose to carefully examine
into the situation and see if some bill can
be framed that will meet the views of a
maj rity of the House.
"I feel that a large majority desire to
act this session in reference to collecting
this debt, and that they were impelled to
vote against the Powers bill because they
did not thoroughly understand iL I was
very anxious that four or rive days be
given to debate on the matter, and firmly
believe that if the bill had been' debated
five days it would have passed the House.
Non-action means a loss of the debt.
"The present laws are, of course, suf
ficient to foreclose the mortgage, but the
foreclosure will not net the Government a
dollar. 1 have talked to a large number
of Congressmen and have found them
nearly every one anxious to do something
to end this suspense. If a proper bill
could be framed acceptable to a majority
of the House it could be passed and be
come a law without any trouble."
Johnson further averred that the Cen
tral Pacific Railroad was not in default
either upon its first mortgage bonds or the
Government bonds. The interest oue
from the mortgage bonds has been paid
this month. The Central Pacific is not in
default. The next payment is not due
until January 1, 1898, and no foreclosure
can be instituted until they do default.
The Union Pacific has already defaulted.
Johnson was asked what he knew about
the report published in a number of East
ern newspapers this morning, to the effect
that the reorganization committee of the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 15, 1897.
Union Pacific had made an offer to the
Government that they would take the
roads by paying not only the debt of
$53,000,000, but $10,000,000 or $15,000,000 in
excess. Johnson expressed the opinion
that it was "a newspaper story."
His information from New York by wire
this morning was to the effeci that there
was no truth in the report. His informa
tion must have come from, Huntington,
though Johnson did not say so. The Con
gressman said the report was absurd for
several reasons. — Why should any
syndicate pay so much more than the debt
actually amounted lo? Second No officer
of the Government is authorized toaccept
any such proposition. The road can only
be sold under the hammer to the highest
bidder.
After foreclosure suits are ended, unless
Congress shall provide another method,
Congress has absolute control over the
roads. In this connection the Evening
Times repeats the story of a contemplated
syndicate purchase as follows:
"The report is current at. the capitol
this afternoon that the reorganization
committee of the Union Pacific Railroad
has reached an understanding with Presi
dent Cleveland on an upset price for the
road.
"Should the Government decide to make
appearance in the foreclosure suits now
pending, ex-Governor Hoadley, who is
special counsel for the Government, has
signified his desire to file a cross bill in
suits now in progress, which, it is claimed,
give the Government the amount above
the first mortgage, which might reach as
high as $40,000,000."
This morning's Post says: "Mr. Hun
tington a few days ago arranged with
Speyer & Co. for the payment of all the
defaulted interest upon the first mortgage
Central Pacific bonds. Quite an amount
of interest was in default, but having
cleared it ail off, Mr. Huntington is now
in no danger of a foreclosure proceeding
from his first mortgages of that road.
"In this way he has gained at least a
year's time, for there are many obstacles
to a successful foreclosure to the Govern
ment's lien without the co-operation of
the first mortgage bondholders. The
other bondholders having no claims that
are due and in default, are debarred from
appearing in court.
"There is no doubt that President Cleve
land is exceedingly anxious to effect a fa
vorable settlement before going out of
office, or, at least, to prepare a way for
settlement which will entitle him to share
credit with McKinley."
Judge Maguire said this morning: "We
will oppose the Bell bill and also the Har
rison bill for a Pacific Railroad commis
sion. It looks very much like Hunting
ton has now abandoned bis hope of
passing a refunding bill and will press
the Harrison bill for a commission,
whose membership he hopes either
to dictate or control. There is no need for
further action by Congress except the
passing of the Attorney-General's bill pro
viding that the foreclosure suits shall be
brought in the Court of Appeals of the
District of Columbia."
WHO OWAS IHE t'tsM'RAL, PACIFIC?
Xesc Phase of the Railroad Debt Problem
in the Senate.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 14.— A
new phase of the Pacific railroads prob
lem was presented in the Senate to-day in
the form of a resolution offered by Mor
gan (J). ) of Alabama instructing the Judi
ciary Committee to inquire whether by the
fact of certain bonds of the Union and
Central Pacific companies having fallen
due and not paid, the property of those
companies had not become, and was not
now, the property of the United States.
The resolution went over without action.
A resolution was offered by Chandler
(R.) of New Hampshire, and was agreed
to, instructing the Committee on Inter
state Commerce to inquire into the agree
ment recently made by the managers of
the lines of steamers on the Great Lakes
to maintain the rates made by the joint
traffic association.
The House homestead bill, which has
been the unfinished business in tbe Sen
ate since the first week of the present ses
sion, came to a vote to-day after a three
hours' debate and was passed— ayes 33,
noes 11. It was first amended in a very
important particular by striking out the
words "in the Territory of Oklahoma,"
thus making it apply to public lands ac
quired in the various Indian tribes.
It provided that all settlers on those
lands shall be entitled to payment of the
usual and customary fees, and that no
further charge of any kind shall be re
quired. It also provides, by another
Senate amendment, that all sums of
money so released, which if not released
would belon-' to any Indian tribe, shall
be paid to such tribe by the United States.
The bill now goes to the House for action
on the Senate amendment.
An effort was then made by Morgan
(D.) of Alabama to get up the Nicaragua
canal bill and to make it the unfinished
business, but there was no action tauen
on his motion, and the Senate at 4:30 p. m.
adjourned till Monday next.
In the absence of the Vice-President
Cockrell (D.) oi Missouri occupied the
chair.
The army appropriation bill was re
ported back from the Committee on Ap
propriations by Quay (R.) of Pennsyl
vania, and was placed on the calendar.
The priming of 3500 extra copies of the
Anglo-American treaty and of 2000 extra
copies of the memorandum recently pre
sented by Hale (R.) of Maine as to the
right of recognizing foreign Governments
was ordered.
A bill for the classification of first class
and second class postoffice clerks, was in
troduced by Cullom (R.) of Illinois and
was referred. Cullom also offered a reso
lution, which was agreed to, requiring the
United States Civil Service Commission to
inform the Senate whether the annual
reports ot the commission were forwarded
to the. President, and if not the reasons
for such neglect.
The Senate bill for an examination of
the improvements at the Pass of Aransas,
Tex., was taken from the calendar ami
passed. Also the Senate bill authorizing
the construction of a bridge across the
Columbia River, in the State of Wash-
ington.
Chandler (R.) of New Hampshire offered
a resolution, which was agreed to, in
structing the Committee on Interstate
Commerce to inquire into the agreement
recently made by the managers of the
line of steamers* on the Great Lakes to
maintain rates as established by the Joint
Traffic Association.
Morgan (D.) of Alabama offered a reso
lution which went over, reciting the alle
gation that certain of the Pacific railroad
bonds have fallen due and are unpaid, and
that by reason of non-payment the prop
erty oi the railroad companies became the
property of the United States, and now
rightly belong to the United States, and
directing the Commute on Judiciary to
examine into the matter and to ascertain
whether the Union or Central Pactfic
companies have any lawful right or equity
of redemption in such property.
The House bill for free homesteads on
public lands acquired from Indians was
taken upas unfinished business and w<*B
advocated by Jones (D. ) of Arkansas and
Teller (Silver) of Colorado.
Allison (R.) of lowa, tatting part for
the first time this session in the proceed
ings of the Senate, inquired of "Petti
grew (Si!.) of South Dakota whether the
bill applied to all Indian reservations. -•' '
Pettigrew replied that the bill did not
apply ' to Indian reservations not yet ac
quired by the Government, and as to such
reservations Congress should be left to
provide as it chose. * '•■■■;"■' .-*.*
MINISTER WILLIS
PASSES IN PEACE
Death Claims the Diplomat
at His Waikiki Beach
Residence.
•
Culmination of an Attack of
Pneumonia Followed by
an Accident.
All Due Honors Paid by the Hawaiian
Officials and an Escort to Con
vey the Body Home.
HONOLULU, Hawaii, Jan. 7.— Albert S.
Willis, United States Minister to Hawaii,
died at the Peacock residence, at Waikiki
Beach, yesterday morning at 8:30 o'clock
after a lingering illness of several weeks.
After his return to Hawaii from his
recent visit to the United States Mr. Willis
seemed to recover his wonted health and
vigor for a time, but a severe cold, con
tracted about three months since, showed
by its effects that he was not by any means
a well man. While still suffering from
this cold and a threatened return of the
attack of pneumonia which nearly carried
him off in San Francisco, he was thrown
from his carriage by a runaway accident,
which happened at the door of his
physician's residence. He was carried
inside at once, but was found to have sus
tained no injuries beyond a severe shaking
up. He was taken home to his beautiful
villa at Waikiki, and United States Vice-
Consul Boyd carried him up to his bed.
He never left it.
For weeks he has been growing weaker
and weaker from a complication of mala
dies which has baffled the skill of his phy
sician. His principal ailment was an at
tack of lung fever, from which he would
rally for a few days only to relapse into a
worse condition. About two weeks ago
Dr. Day, the family physician, notified
Mrs. Willis and her only son that they
must be prepared for the worst. Drs.
Wood and Herbert were called in for con
sultation, but tbey could do nothing but
confirm Dr. Day's diagnosis. Since that
time one Oi the three physicians has been
in attendance on the distinguished sufferer
day and night, but the patient rallied and
the relatives thought there was yet hope,
but these hopes were not encouraged by
the physicians whose skill showed them
the sufferer was doomed.
Death came to Mr. Willis yesterday
morning. He was unconscious and died
in his wife's arms. Around the bed in
the last moments were gathered his son
Albert; Miss Dulaney, a sister of Mrs.
Willis, who returned with them from
Louisville the last time; Ellis Mills, the
secretary of legation and Consul-General,
and Dr. Wood. The end was painless.
The hoisting of the American flag at
half mast over the consulate soon in
formed the people that the expected bad
happened. It was quickly followed by
other flags on other consulates and on
Government buildings. There was also a
very general display of flags at half mast
on business houses.
Mrs. Willis is completely prostrated by
her husband's death and is even now the
object of Dr. Day's watchful care.
Immediately on being notified of the
sad affair the , Government tendered its
offices and asked to be allowed to make
funeral arrangements in accordance with
the high rank of the deceased. These
were communicated to Mrs. Willis by
Consul Mills and Major Potter, the Presi
dent's aid, and an attache of the Foreign
Office. They were at once acceded to by
Mrs. Willis, and the Government assumed
the direction of the funeral, which is to
take place to-morrow afternoon.
It will be a magnificent state affair and
nothing to equal it will have been seen in
Hawaii since the funeral of King Kala
kaua. Invitations have been sent out by
the Foreign Office to-day to all the foreign
representatives and members of the con
sular corps, Supreme, Circuit and District
Court Judges and all heads of Government
departments inviting their attendance on
tbe occasion. Colonel McLean, command
ing the First Regiment of the National
Guard of Hawaii, has been appointed
grand marshal of the procession, which
will be participated In by the entire mili
tary and police force of the Government in
the city. Tlie sailors and marines of the
United States steamship Alert will attend
in a body.
Shortly after receiving the news of the
death of Minister Willis, Minister of For
eign Affairs Henry E. Hooper issued the
following notice:
"It having pleased an all-ruling Provi
dence to remove from his high office the
Hon. Albert S. Willis, Envoy Extraordi
nary and Minister Plenipotentiary of the
United States of America, Ellis Mills is
hereby acknowledged as Charge d'Affaires
ad interim of (he United States of Amer
ica. All persons and all departments of
the Government are hereby commanded
to pay all due respect to his person, prop
erty and retainers, and to give full cre
dence to all his official acts as such Charge
d'Affaires ad interim."
This afternoon Grand Marshal McLean
made public the arrangements for the
funeral.' The body will be received at the
executive building at noon by a military
escort, where it will lie in state until 2:30
p. m. It will then be reconveyed to the
Central Union Church, where the religious
services will take place at 3 o'clock. This
church has been cho-en on account of its
large size. Rev. D. P. Birnie, the pastor
of the church, will officiate, assisted by
Rev. James A. Monroe of the Christian
church, to which denomination the de
ceased was attached. The order of the
procession will be as follows: .
Company of Police.
Band.
Grand Marshal and Aids.
Battalion First Regiment, N. G. H.
: .7, Battalion U.S. a Alert.
Other Military Organizations on Foot.
Undertakers.
Clergy.
Pall-bearers in Carriages. *p : \
Hearse and Body-Bearers.
H Chief Mourners.
President Dole and Aids.
J. :.. Cabinet Ministers.
Chief Justice and Justices of the Supreme
Court.
Senators and Representatives.
Captain and Officers U. S. S. Alert. '
Consular Corps.
Delegates.
... . Societies.
;,*'"-■! , General Public.
After the funeral services at the church
the body will be placed temporarily in the
same vault in Nuuanu Cemetery in which
the remains of Kate Field lay until re
cently. The body has been embalmed
and will be sent to San Francisco on the
steamer Australia, leaving here Wednes
day, January 13.
Mrs. Willis and her son will leave for
their home in Louisville, Ky., on the same
steamer. The Hawaiian Government will
also furnish an escort for the body until it
is delivered at Louisville, but who will be
detailed for this duty of respect has not
yet been made public. '?.-v r
FLEEING FROM THE PLAGUE.
Even Physicians Leaving Bombay Through
Fear of Catching the Deadly
Contagion.
BOMBAY, India, Jan. 14.— 1t is esti
mated that over 500,000 persons, compris
ing more than half the population of the
city, have fled to the country to escape
the plague.
The streets are practically deserted;
shops and bazaars are closed and business
is practically at a standstill. The doctors
are beginning to fear treating J plague pa
tients lest they contract the disease and
many of the native doctors have fled.
About 800,000 persons are encamped at
Andheri, but they will not be able to re
main there long owing to the scarcity of
water and the unsanitary conditions pre
vailing.
Up to last night the official statistics
showed that there were 3349 cases of
the plague and 2326 deaths from the
disease.
THEY DEPART FOR AFRICA.
Princess Chimay and Riga Hope to Find
More Freedom in the Dark Con
tinent.
BUDAPEST, Hungary, Jan. 14.— The
Princess de Chimay, who eloped a short
time ago with a Hungarian gypsy named
Janos Rigo, has written a letter to the
Pesth Naplou, requesting that. paper to
deny recently circulated reports that she
has engaged herself to give public per
formances on the stage in connection with
Rigo. 53g£Sl
She and Rigo, the Princess writes, will
start to-day for Africa, where they hope to
find quiet and freedom from the annoy
ances to which tbey have been subjected
by a morbidly curious public. The Prin
cess and he-* paramour, Rigo, left this city
for Nice to-day. Their departure was very
sudden. W&a\\
RUSSELL AS AX IS A ELITE.
Crater of English High Society Liable to
I'urther Explosion.
LONDON, Eng., Jan. 14.— Half a dozen
stories are in circulation concerning the
underlying motives that prompted the
bitterness and severity manifested by
Justice Hawkins toward Lady Scott and
her co-defendants during the now famous
trial last week, but the nature of one and
all of them is of a character that lorbids
their finding their way into print even in
glossed language.
It seems to be generally accepted that
strong influence antagonistic to the de
fendants was brought to bear upon the
court at the instance of certain parties in
high station, who had reasons to fear that
their own families would become involved
were Lady Scott acquitted and thus prac
tically given a free license to go still deeper
into the scandals of which Earl Russell is
the center figure, and only the outside
crust of which, it is asserted, has so far
been touched.
As it is, however, she was compelled be
fore the passing of sentence to give
an undertaking to stop her stirring of the
hideous mess, and as a consequence there
are a good many people that breathe
easier. So far as Earl Russell is concerned,
the outcome, instead of being regarded as
a vindication, is generally considered an
additional condemnation.
The earnest assertions of Cockerton and
Aylott that everything they had stated
against the Earl was true, reiterated as
they were a moment before sentence was
passed, and with the knowledge that the
insistence of the defendants might add to
the severity of the sentence, has created a
profound impression; and hereafter, ex
cept to his own small circle of intimates,
Earl Russell will be very much of an Ish
-111 aei
Taylor Is Arraigned.
LONDON, Eng., Jan. 14— Edward R.
Taylor, alias Arthur W. Piatt, who was
arrested at Oxford recently upon a war
rant obtained through the United States
embassy charging him with the murder of
Jessee Tyree in Kentucky in 1885, and who
has several times since been arraigned in
the Bow-street Police Court upon proceed
ings looking to his extradition to America,
was arraigned in that court this morning.
Sir John Bridge, the presiding magis
trate, said that he did not regard the doc
umentary evidence in the case which has
been forwarded here from America as suf
ficient to justify Taylor's extradition to
the United States, and in consequence ad
ditional evidence has been cabled for.
Upon his first arraignment Taylor virtu
ally admitted the crime with which be is
charged, but be now denies it. Pending
the arrival of further evidence Taylor was
remanded for another week.
A Big Warehouse Burned.
BREMEN, Germany, Jan. 14.— The im
mense commercial warehouses of Meyer &
Struch in Hohethor strasse, this city, have
been destroyed by fire. No estimate of
the loss is yet given.
DIFFERENCES OX DIFFERENTIALS
Passenger Association Having Trouble
With the Soo Line.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 14.— General pass
enger agents of the roads interested in
Pacific Coast passenger traffic * are in
session at the association rooms in "The
Rookery." Some months ago the Soo
line, Canadian pacific, gave notce of with
drawal from the Transcontinental Passen
ger Association because the other roads
refused to allow it a differential rate on
North Pacific Coast rates. With the Soo
line out ol the association uniform rates
could not be maintained, and hence efforts
are being made to prevent it from with
drawing.
The other roads are not inclined, how
ever, to grant that road a differential, but
seem to be willing to guarantee a certain
percentage of business. The Soo line ex
pressed a willingness to accept the propo
sition, but it named a percentage which
the other roads considered out of all pro
portion. The meeting now in session is
trying to induce the Soo to accept a more
reasonable share of the business.
ONLY A POSSIBILITY.
Report of a Syndicate to Bug Central
Pacific Claims Denied.
NEW YORK, N. V.. Jan. 14.— 1t is stated
officially tbat the rumor that a syndicate
identified with the Huntington interests
has been formed for the purpose of taking
over the claim of the Government against
the Central Pacific is without foundation.
The formation of such a syndicate is not
even contemplated and is reported only
as a possibility. In brief Mr. Huntington
has not decided what course of action he
will pursue in the matter.
General Alger's Ambition.
DETROIT, Mich., Jan. 14.— General R.
A. Alger arrived home from Washington
this afternoon. Asked .if he had any as
surances from Major McKinley as to his
appointment as Secretary of War, General
Alger said: "I know of the work of my
friends, but have not heard a word directly
or indirectly from Major McKinley on the
subject. I will say that Senator Sherman
spoke very kindly to me in the interview
I had with him." -
The general refused to discuss tne sub
ject further. He would say whether the
subject of Cabinet appointments had been
touched -on during his visit -to Senator
Sherman at Washington. - - -
NEW TO-DAT-CLOTHING.
Sweeping!
®®<g**®«xS)*3*^
'Tis plain that mothers with little fellows to clothe
appreciate the work of the brooms. They appreciate
the clean sweep we're making. It's half-price for our
very choicest stuff and even less than that.
There's a whole row of tables in the center aisle of
our big Juvenile Department which is burdened down
with our choicest and swellest juvenile apparel. The
original price is left on the goods.
The price they're sold at now is on a little white
string ticket; it's about half price.
SOME 500 VERY CUTE LITTLE
CAPE OVERCOATS TO- DA IN
STEEL GRAY, HANDSOMELY
BRAIDED.
ffSt- Some 600 in blue, handsomely braid-
CjJ ed, very swell little Cape Overcoats, for
lads between the ages of 3 and 12 ; $5
I " : //11l \ is the price for Cape Overcoats like 'em
I 111 li \ in other stores.
b^*-M [iL*-* To-day and until they're all gone,
JY\ I IJ quantities limited to each customer, at
$1.95. ■
RAPHAEL'S
(INCORPORATED).
THE FRISCO BOYS
KING PINS FOR OVERCOATS.
9 1 1, 13 and 15 Kearny Street.
HOUSE ACTS ON
OLEOMARGARINE
Public Must Be Told of the
Real Character of the
Stuff.
Spirited Debate on the Rights of
States Under the Con
stitution.
The Bill Passed Makes Oleomargarine
Subjsct to the Laws of
All the States.
WASHINGTON, D. CL, Jan. 14.— When
the House met this morning many mem
bers waited impatiently in their seats for
business to begin. Each had a printed
copy of some bill in his hand eagerly
hoping to get it through under the unani
mous consent rule. When the journal
had been read a score ol members were on
their feet crying for recognition, and
business went along merrily for a
whiie. A number of private pension and
other minor bills were passed.
Fitzgerald (D.) of Missouri called for
the passage of a bill requiring the Secre
tary of the Navy to furnish an estimate
for putting the frigate Constitution in
condition to make the journey from
Portsmouth, N. H., to Washington, to be
used as a naval museum.
A bill increasing to $50 the pension of
Martha Carter, widow of Rear- Admiral S.
P. Carter, U. S. N., went through without
objection, but later on Loud (R. of Cali
fornia stated that if his attention had not
been distracted at tht* time the bill was
read be would have objected to it, as he
had consistently done with regard to all
measures maKing extraordinary increases
of pensions to widows of officers. He
trusted that in future gentlemen on the
floor would not distract him at such
times. The bill granting a pension to
Mary S. Higgins of Johnston, Pa., widow
of Colonel Jacob S. Higgins, a veteran of
the Mexican and Civil Wars, was passed.
The bill discussed yesterday to make
oleomargarine and all other imitation
dairy products subject to the laws of the
State or Territory into which they are
transported was called up by Grout (R.)
of Vermont and discussed by Cooper (D.)
of Florida and Tucker (D.) of Virginia in
opposition, and Northway (R.) of Ohio
and Morse (R.) of Massachusetts in favor
of it. The opposition was on the ground
that the bill provided an interference with
the power; of Congress to regulate inter-
State commerce. The right oi a State to
prevent the importation to its boundaries
of a product which the laws of that State
prohibited was the basis for the arguments
in its favor.
Lacey (R.) of lowa maintained that
under the present laws oleomargarine was
imported into the States, the stamped
covers removed and the imitation sold as
real butler by the retail dealers. Cannon
(R. ) of Illinois vigorously protested
against any attempt to put oleomargarine
out of the market entirely. Haines (II.)
of Nebraska, in support of the bill, main
! tamed that oleomargarine always mas
; queraded in the garb of butter.
In opposing the measure Boatner (D.) of
j Louisiana contended that t:.e bill was in
opposition to that section of the constitu-
I tion guaranteeing the rights of every State
I in its relations with tbe others, and if it
was not for that provision the country
j would be split up into forty-five separate
I governments.
Williams (D.) of Alabama spoke against
the bill. Grout called for the reading of
the bill by paragraphs to permit the offer
ing of amendments. The first was offered
by Tucker (D.) of Virginia, and Morse (R.)
of Massachusetts moved to strike out the
last word in order to make adefense of tim
manufacturers of Massachusetts against
whose integrity insinuations had been
made during the debate on the bill. His
complimentary references were applauded.
Torrey (D.) of Arkansas contended that
the bill granted discriminating powers to
the States in violation of the constitution.
Tucker called for a division on his
amendment, which "would completely
disembowel the bill," to quote Mr. Grout,
and it was lost— to 88.
An amendment was adopted providing
that oleomargarine in transit snould not
be subject to the police power ol any State
through which it might pass.
An earnest appeal for the bill was made
by Henderson (R.) of lowa. He produced
■ a telegram from the Dairy Commissioner
of lowa asking the delegation in Congress
from that State to support the measure.
The lowa delegation did not need such
urging. It had been made to appear, be
said, that the tallow and lard interests
were against the bill. Every dairy in the
district was for it. He was in favor of any
j measure that unmasked deception. He
; said the opposition to the bill came from
| the great cattle interests of Chicago and
! Kansas City, from Mr. Armour and Mr.
I Swift, who kept down the price of cattle
to the injury of the farmers and stock
j raisers ot the West.
Grout then moved the previous ques
| tion, which was ordered. An amendment
| providing that nothing in the act should
I be construed to forDid the sale of oleo
i margarine except in such a manner as
| would advise customers of its real charac
| ter was agreed to. A motion for the third
! reading of the bill was carried by a rising
vote, 122 to 88. The ayes and noes were
demanded, and the bill was ordered to a
third reading by a vote of 127 ayes, 06
noes. The bill was then passed without
division.
Tbe President's message, vetoing the
bill to create a new judicial district in
Texas, was referred to the Committee on
Judiciary.
Sherman (R.) of New York presented
the Indian appropriation bill. The House
i then, at 4:25 o'clock, adjourned until to
morrow. __
—————
A PERM AX EXT CENSUS.
A Bill Creating Such a Service Under
the Director of Census-;
WASHINGTON, D..C, Jan. 14.— Sayers
(D. ) of Texas, ex-chairman of the Com
mittee on Appropriations, introduced in
the House to-day a bill .' providing for the
establishment of a permanent census
service under the charge of the rector
of Census, who shall have a salary of
$600 per year. The necessary clerical force
is provided for. *j •
Cullom- (R.) of Illinois, to-day intro
duced in- the 'Senate a bill removing the
bar of 'limitations and allowing various
iron ; and - steel manufacturers and im
porters, including many of the largest
in the country, to bring suit before the
court of claims for recovery of excess of
duties paid on steel blooms imported by
them from 1879 to 1882, and providing for
the payment of the judgments rendered,
thereon by the court of claims.
A bill authorizing officers who served
during the War of the Rebellion in the
regular army to bear the title and on oc
casions of ceremony to wear the uniform
of their highest rank was to-day reported
to the Senate from the Military Affairs
Committee.
Two-thirds of the population of the
Channel Islands are females.
34
HANNA'S PATH TO
THE SENATE OPEN
McKinley's Secretary oi
State Will Surely Be
Sherman.
A Man for the Treasury Port
folio Will Be His Next
Choice.
New York's Cabinet Possibilities— The
President-Elect Orders Three
New Vehicles.
CANTON, Ohio, Jan. 14.— The state
ment made by C. N. Bliss of New York
* >-(fay t to the effect, that he was not to be
a member of Major McKinley's Cabinet,
expresses the true situation tersely and
with precision. Mr. Bliss is not a mem
ber of Major McKinley's Cabinet and he
is not at all likely to be. The reasons
which did make it possible for him to
accept a Cabinet position" are not of a po
litical nature.
The withdrawal of Mr. Bliss from the
iist of Cabinet possibilities leaves the situ
ation open as far as the choice of a Cabi
net officer from New York is concerned.
Major McKinley has not selected a New
York Republican ior his Cabinet, and
there is no reason to think he will be in
a hurry to do so. Indeed the impression
is current here that one of the last mem
bers of the Cabinet to be chosen will be I
the lepresentative from the State ot New
York.
Gossip plays to-night with unwonted
vivacity about the name of General Stew
art L. Woodford of Brooklyn and J. Sloat
Fassett.
His Secretary of State having been
selected, Major McKinley's next task will
probably be that of choosing a Secretary
cf the Treasury, and the chances to-night
are that the position will not go to New
York.
The New England field was scanned for
Cabinet possibilities to-day by the Presi
dent-elect, who invited Senator Henry
Cabot Lodge of Massachusetts to consult
with him on the subject.
Senator Lodge said: "lam not a candi
date for a Cabinet position. lam satisfied
to be a Senator from Massachusetts. We
talked to-day about ex-Governor Long
and others. Governor Long is very highly
esteemed by the people of our common
wealth."
Senator Sherman, as was reported yes
terday in these dispatches, has been ten
dered and has accepted tbe portfolio of
State. This announcement may be con
sidered conclusive. There is no room for
doubt or further discussion of the subject,
except as an established and accepted fact.
The mails and telegraph bave brought
Major McKiDley a flood of messages felici
tating him upon the choice of Senator
Sherman for the highest office in his
gift.
The belief is widespread that Chairman
M. A. Hanna will be elected to succeed
Sherman in the Senate.
Major McKinley this evening gave his !
order for tbe vehicles he will use in Wash- j
ington. A landau, a cabriolet and a
brougham were ordered. The vehicles !
will be of the latest material and work
manship, and will be elegant but simple
in appearance. The interiors will be fin
ished in green cloth and morocco. The 1
body panels will be a dark green with ;
black stripes. The mountings of the har- j
ness and vehicles will be of silver.
"ME TOO" PL ATT ONCE MORE.
The Noted New Tort: Politician Elected \
to the United Slates Senate.
ALBANY, N. V., Jan. 14.— Thomas Col
lier Piatt, the most prominent and in
fluential Republican in the State of New
York, was to-night nominated for United
States Senator by the Republican mem
bers of tht Legislature.
His name was not presented, the only
candidate formally placed in nomination
being Joseph H. Choate of New York
City. The nomination was made just a
half hour after the caucus convened.
Of the 149 Republican votes cast Mr. Piatt
received 142, although his damn was not
mentioned until after the roll had begun.
Such a condition has never before been
"presented in party politics in New York
York State. Mr. Piatt has steadfastly
said that he was not a candidate and the
programme carried out to-night was in
deference to his wishes. As one of the
prominent leaders said: "We will let Mr.
Choate's friends do the talking and we
will do the voting."
Mr. Choate only received seven votes,
but this was four more than Mr. Piatt's
friends had figured out for him.
The joint caucus was held in the Assem
bly chamber. The spacious room and
galleries were crowded long before the ap
pointed hour. Senator Ellsworth at 8:30
o'clock announced that the caucus had
met to nominate a United States Senator
and a Regent of the university. Senator
Parsons of Rochester, was chosen chair-
man.
When nominations lor United States
Senator were in order Senator Brush of
Brooklyn named the Hon. Joseph H.
Choate.
"We have laid upon us to - night a
solemn duty," he said.. "We have to
nominate a man for the office of Senator
or this great Nation. We should nomi
nate a man above reproach, a man of un
questioned " reputation. 1 have no criti
cism to make upon any candidate or any
man whose name has been spoken of for
the office of Senator. 1 merely wish to
present to you the name of a citizen who
I believe fills every condition which will
be required of a Senator of the United
States." QESI
Assemblyman Sanger of Oneida sec
onded the nomination of Mr. Choate in a
speech in which he said: "My estimate
of Mr. Choate's fitness is based not only
upon his public record, but upon a knowl
edge of his qualifications derived from a
friendship of nearly twenty years, during
two of which I was in close and almost
daily association with him. I shall take
pleasure in casting my vote in this caucus
for him because I admire his splendid
talents." Baffle
Senator Raines then asked if there were
•any other gentlemen who wished to sec
ond the nomination or present the name
of any other candidate. No one responded
and he offered a resolution, which was
unanimously adopted to the surprise of
ever}* one in the chamber, who had ex
pected to see Mr. Piatt's name formally
presented. This was Mr. Raines' reso
lution:
That the roll oi the members oi this caucus
be called by the secretary, and as each maYs
name is called he rise in his place and name
his choice for United States Senator, and that
the person receiving a majority of tne votes of
all the Republicans, Senators- and members,
be the choice Of tiiis caucus and be voted for
in the Senate and Assembly by every member
thereof. . -;'-V '-v
Senator Brackett of Saratoga cast the
first vote for the Hon. Thomas C. Piatt.
The third vote was cast by Senator Brush
and was for Joseph F. Choate. This
caused a laugh, when it was observed that
he did not know Mr. Choate'a middle let
ter, although he had said that Mr. Choate'
name was known to every one throughout
the country.
At the conclusion of the rollcall it was
announced that 149 votes had been cast, of
which Joseph H. Choate received 7 and
Thomas C. Piatt 142. Mr. Piatt received
the vote of every Republican in the Legis
lature, with the exception of those cast for
Mr. Choate and of Senators Ray and, Mac
key, who were absent. The nomination was
made unanimous with much applause.
MADDEN Oil OF THE FIGHT.
Withdraws in Favor of Mason, Whose
Leading Opponent Is Lorimer.
SPRINGFIELD, 111., Jan. 14.—
Cook County caucu3 to-night instructed
for Congressman William Lorimer of the
Second District for United States Senator.
The delegation is not a unit, and those op
posed to Lorimer, twelve in number,
bolted the caucus. This complicates the
situation still further and throws the
whole matter into the general caucus,
which will probably be held to-morrow.
Shanahan of Cook County is for Hitt,
but t.e Mason men think he will get in
the band wagon rather than see the
machine candidate succeed.
Madden said to his friends to-night that
he had been betrayed. He asserted that
Governor Tanner, Hertz. Jamteson and
Lorimer have never been sincere in his
support and that tney have used him as a
plaything for the purpose of overthrow
ing him in the eleventh hour for Lorimer.
At this afternoon's meeting of the ma
chine men Madder, was urged to with
draw in Lorimer's favor. He left the
meeting, however, and in an hour had
withdrawn in Mason's lavor. Mason has
not enough votes to make him the caucus
nominee, but he is strong, in the country
districts and his friends aver to-night that
he will yet win. They claim sixty-nirie
votes in the caucus for him. Sixty-four
are necessary to elect in caucus.
The collapse of the Madden strength
has been foreshadowed since early morn
ing by the desertion of the machine by
nine Cook County members, notably Rep
resentative Nohe, who is chairman of tne
House caucus, and was supposed to have
been elected in the interests of the Chi
cago Alderman. Just before 8 o'clock to
night the white flag of surrender was
raised by Madden in a letter withdrawing
from the race and capitulating in favor of
his chief opponent, ex-Congressman Wil
liam E. Mason of Chicago.
The withdrawal of Madden was quickly
followed by similar action on the part of
Hon. David T. Littler, who also retired
from the contest in favor of Mr- Mason.
This leaves the ex-Congressman by far the
leader of the other active candidates
Hon. Clarke Carr, Congressman Hitt and
Samuel W. Allerton. Before the with
drawal of Madden and Little fifty-nine
votes wert claimed for Mason by the anti-
Madden committee of Chicago who came
here lo encompass his defeat.
The surrender of Madden only a few
hours alter he was declaring at his head
quarters "I am in this fight to stay and 1
am going to win" was forced by the real
ization of his followers in Cook County
that the machine had not the power to
make him a United States Senator.
When this fact was driven home to the
wavering Madden men they broke from
the control of the Cook County organiza
tion.
Ernest G. Schubert, the defeated Cook
County candidate of the machine for
Speaker, was the first one to fire a warn
ing gun into the camp of Maddens man
agers. Speaking for the twenty-four
members who had stood by him in the
speakership fight, he notified Madden that
he could no longer control the Cook
County deleeates. When the Madden
managers heard this ultimatum they
threw up their hands, and the Alderman
sat down to write his letter of withdrawal.
In it he states: "I am convinced that
public sentiment favors tho election of
William E. Mason. I believe he should
receive the support of the representatives
to the fortieth general assembly, and I
withdraw from the race in bis favor."
Acting on the suggestion of Representa
tive Schubert, that the Cook Company
men should get together and agree on
some man who could be nominated, a
secret caucus of that delegation was called
after the Madden flag , was lowered to
agree on a course to be pursued, and
Lorimer received the official indorsement.
Sau'h Dakota's Senatorship.
PIERRE, S. D., Jan. 14.— The Sena
torial situation is becoming more compli
cated. Yesterday it was reported Plow
man bad little chance of success. He ap
pears to have gained considerable strength
to-day and is sanguine. Kyle's friends
estimate his strength at about twenty-five
on the first few ballots to elect him.
Loucks' friends claim that Kyle is count
ing on support that will go to Loucks,
who, they say, will lead from th • first.
GoodyKoontz has about eight votes. It
is not known what the silver Democrats
will do. They have been caucusing al
most every night "without having been
able to agree on a definite poliey.*V"^lold
ing as they do a balance of power, they
are now objects of much solicitude. A
conference .has been called to meet to
morrow night for the purpose of fixing
the time lor caucus. The rumor that no
caucus will be held is regarded as without
foundation. The silver forces recognize
that future success apparently 'depends on
an agreement In caucus and the support
of a nominee.
Texans Favor John Grant.
DALLAS, Tex., Jan. 14.— A delegation
of Texas Republican leaders left this morn
ing for Canton to present to Major Mc-
Kinley the name of National Committee
man John Grant as a suitable member of
the Cabinet. A memorial asking that Mr.
Grant be so honored and an indorsement
signed by 12,000 Texanswillalso.be pre
sented to the President-elect The leaders
of the party claim that prominent Re
publicans from Maryland to Utah have
written to Major McKinley urging him to
call a Southerner to tbe Cabinet and re
commending Grant as the most available.
Wisconsin's Legislature.
MADISON, Wis., Jan. 14.— The Senate
and Assembly of the Wisconsin State
Legislature were called .to order this
morning. The Governor's message was
read in both houses. The finances of the
State are found to be in excellent con
dition. The Governor recommended the
abolishment of the ••State land depart
ment, which has long been considered a
dumping ground for politicians • who are
looking for "soft «naps." The depart
ment costs the State $20,000 annually.
Piatt to Succeed Hill.
ALBANY, N. V., Jan. 14.— The joint
caucus of the Republicans of the State
Legislature to-night nominated Thomas C.
Piatt as United States Senator to succeed
David B. Hill. Mr. Piatt received 142
votes and Joseph H. Choate, the only
other candidate, 7 votes.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 15, 1897.
TURNER LEADS
IN WASHINGTON
But Senator Squire Still
Has Hopes of Win
ing the Race.
Mary E. Hobart, Populist Orator,
Shies Her Castor Into the
Ring.
Opens Headquarters, but Announces
That S.e Will Usd No Money
ia the Fight.
OLYMPIA, Wash., Jan. 14.— Interest in
the Senatorial fight .is increasing. Judge
Turner appears to lead in the race yet,
but Squire has been working hard and is
bringing into camp a few stray votes.
Tha Populists are openly declaring that
they will vote for only middle-of-the
road Poculists, and are bringing all their
force to bear to get more signatures to an
agreement, but to no avail.
They need fifteen more names, but as
some Populists have openly declared for
Turner or Squire they cannot be secured.
Cline's strength appears to be about the
same.
Mary E. Hobart, for several years Known
on the stump as a Populist orator and the
author of several books expounding the
principles of Populism and its idea of
money, announced her candidacy to-night
for United States Senator.
In an interview with your correspondent
she said she did not think she would be
seated if elected, but had many friends in
the Legislature who would vote for her
and thought she could be elected.
At the present time the situation is
mixed, and she sees in herself the only
solution, though she will bring into poli
tics what might be called a "dark mare."
For several years she has been thought
a great deal of by the Populists of this
State, and her supporters say that she
ought to be elected, believing that she
would make things move in the Senate.
She says that if elected she will clean
out the Augean stubl^s, and from her
manner there is no doubt that she would.
She is modest in her campaign head
quarters and says those who vote for her
will receive no money.
"Tillman went into the Senate with his
pitchfork" said she, "and I will make
equally as great a stirring with a mop and
broom."
Her name will be presented in joint ses
sion of the Legislature next Tuesday,
wnen they take the first vote on Senator,
and if her own estimation of her strength
is correct Mary will be a miniature cy
clone.
Business in the House and Senate is
light. A railroad bill was introduced in
the Senate to-day. and a resolution to ap
point a special committee to investigate
charges of irregularity on the part of the
management of the Walla Walla peniten
tiary was taken up in the House.
DUBOIS COM IS UP AGAIN.
Regains the Silver Republican Vote in
the Idaho Legislature.
SALT LAKE, Utah, Jan. 14.— The bal
lot to-day in the Idaho Legislature re
sulted as follows: Clageett (Pop.), 31;
Dubois (Silver R), 26; Cooper (Pop.), 6;
Webster (Pop.), 3; Angel, Cook and Nel
.son (Pop.), 1 each; Budlong (R.), 1.
Necessary to a choice, 36.
The Democrats scattered their votes
among the Populists, and Dubois regained
the entire Silver Republican vote. To
night the situation is enveloped in mys
tery and no one appears to have any idea
of what the result of the next ballot
will be.
The Dubois men "ay that Claggett, hav
ing failed Of election" to-day, will lose his
following rapidly. The plan said to have
been proposed by the Populist**, to submit
to the Democratic caucus the names of
five Populists to choose from, may bring
matters to a head.
Some Democrats have indicated that
they would accept such a scheme, while
others are so unalterably opposed to the
election of a Populist that they will listen
to nothing looking to that end.
MITCHELL LB OS IX IX CAUCUS.
The Oregon Senator Gets the Unanimous
Republican Vote.
SALEM, Or., Jan. 14.— John H. Mitchell
was the unanimous choice of the caucus
held by Republican members of the Legis
lature this evening. There were forty
four in caucus, including Nosier, whose
seat is contested.
He ran as a Populist, but supported
McKinley. Senator Carter was absent on
account of sickness, but left a letter to
tbe effect that he would support the cau
cus nominee.
S-'iiator Gesner, who resides in the city,
was not i resent, but a c lleague assuming
to represent him guaranteed that he would
abide by the caucus nominee. There are
nin'ty .vote-* on joint ballot, and if tbe
claims of Mitchell's friends can be made
good he has the requisite number to elect.
The opposition is still determined on
preventing the organization of the lower
bouse and claim Mitchell will bave less
than a majority when a vote is taken.
WA OX VI E' CORD.
Challenges the World as a Beet- Sugar
Producer.
WATSONVILLE. Cal., Jan. 14.-The
Watsonville sugar factory this season will
show the largest tonnage of beets crushed
and the highest tonnage of sugar ever pro
duced by any factory on this continent,
and a record that is among the best in the
world's history of this business. The fol
lowing is the beet factory report up to 6
p. M.*, January 12: Hours run, 2808; beets
cut, 142,169 tons' sugar produced, 18,024
tons. As hi ah as 1400 tons of beets have
been crushed by the factory in a day's
run. ' ~ ,
A meeting of subscribers to stock of the
creamery to .be established in tnis city
will be held at the City Hall on Saturday
afternoon, at which time the report of the
canvassing committee will be made, steps
for incorporation will be taken, location
for site considered and directors will be
elected. All the dairymen of the district
near Watsonville have subscribed, also a
number oi merchants, and- the total sub
scription assures the establishment of the
creamery in or near Watsonville. The
milk from 1000 cows has been promised,
and the creamery will start off undermost
promising circumstances.
AN UNADULTERATED FAKE.
Nevada Rises in Her Wrath to Refute a
Slander Story.
CARSON, Nev., Jan. 14.— Some excite
ment was caused here to-day by the an-
nouncement that the Corbett-FiizHim
mons fight was arranged for Carson City.
The statement that Stuart had .arranged
with the State authorities for the pay
ment of a high license is untrue. The
Call correspondent interviewed; the State
officers and they say that the statements
made in the dispatches are pure fakes. No
such agreement . was ever had with the
Attorney-General nor with any of the
State officers on the subject by Dan Stuart
or any body. else. The talk about an iron
clad .license with the State and the pay
ment of a large sum" of money to the
authorities is on a par with the rest ofthe
statement, which came by wire from some
imaginative newsgatherer in Chicago.
SAN JOSE PROTECTIONISTS.
Citizens Meet and Organize for the Pur-
pese of Promoting and Fostering
Local Enterprises.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 14.— A number of
citizens of this city have organized under
the name of the Home Industry Club, for
the purpose of fostering* local enterprises
and discourage the system of sending for
things that can he purchased-'as cheaply
at home. Canvassers will be sent out
and an effort made to secure a large mem
bership. The officers of the new organiza
tion are: President, N. Zarcone; vice
president, J. S. Palmer; secretary, A. L.
Jar man.
Xevada Bank Brings Suit.
SAX JOSE, Cal., Jan. 14.— The Nevada
Bank of San Francisco to-day began suit
in the Superior Court against C. B. Polhe
mus of this city to recover $17,252 princi
pal and interest due on a $20,000 promis
sory note executed September 20, 1894. To
secure the note Polhemus de.ivered 188
shares of the capital stock of the Steams
Ranchos Company to the bank. A decree
of judgment and sale is asked. .7
Julia llorton Granted a Divorce.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 14.— Julia Horton
was to-day granted a divorce from John
Horton by Judge Hyland after being de
serted by her husband for twenty-two
years. The parties were married in 1871
and three years later Horton deserted his
wife. There were no children nor com
munity property to wrangle over.
Bicycle Thief Convicted.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 14.— Christian
Anderson, who stole a bicycle from F. M.
sling and Had to Portland, Or., where
he was captured and brought back, has
been found guilty of grand larceny. He
will be sentenced by Judge Lorigan io-mor
morrow. This is the first case in the
county where a bicycle thief has been con
victed of grand larceny. '^f.''.
Sent to Jail for Ninety Days.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 14.— Alexander
McKay of Saratoga was to-day convicted
iii; the Justice's court of that place of sell
ing liquor without a license, and Justice
Foster sentenced him to ninety days' im
prisonment in the County Jail. The case
will probably be appealed:
I.udteia's Trial Commenced.
SAN JOSE. Cal., Jan. 14.— The trial of
William Ludwig, charged with criminally
assaulting Miss Annie Gianoca on Novem
ber 1 last, commenced in Judge Lorigan's
court this morning. ..-.
SACRAMENTAN'S SUDDEN DEATH.
M. B. Home, a Widely Known Machinist
and Engineer, Succumbs to
Heart. Disease.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 14.— M. li.
Home, machinist and assistant engineer
ai tho city water works and one oi the
most widely known men in his line on
the coast, died this .morning at the City
Receiving Hospital.
Mr. Home was taken with severe pains
over the heart about 5:30 o'clock this
morning. He went to the hospital, which
is near the water works, and was given at
tention by the City Physician. His wife
was sent lor, but before she arrived Home
had expired.
Home was a native of New Hampshire,
aged 64 years, lie ' was a member of the
Druids and of the Grand Army of the Re
public. He leaves a widow and, two
daughters. , .
bHARKEY AT SACRAMENTO.
To Spar With' Professor Johnson and
Jack Mc Auliffe.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 14.— Tom
Sharkey, the marine, and Jack McAuliffe
will appear at the old Pavilion to-mor
row night. Sharkey wiil spar Professor
William Johnson four rounds, and will
later meet McAuliffe in a limited contest.
The other tights on the programmo are
a three-round scrap between J. C.
Conway and W. L. Henley, of the Sacra
mento Athletic Ciub; alour-rottnd contest
between Louis Payen and William Dona
hue; special four-round contest between
William McGraw and Norman Montgom
ery, and a four-round match between
Peppers and an "unknown."
GOOD WATER FOR SACRAMENTO.
Jo Be Hauled, to the City From the
Sierra Nevadas.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 14.— The
Blue Canyon Water Company was incor
porated here to-day.' The company pro
poses lo furnish water for drinking pur
poses to the people of this city, bringing
the water from Blue Canyon Springs,
in the Sierra Nevadas, in cars
constructed for that purpose. The direct
ors and officers are: President, A. Meis
ter; vice-president. G. S. Turner; secre
tary, J. S. Rue; manager, F. T. Thomas.
The capital stock is $10,000, of whicn $S'JOO
has already been subscribed.
TACOMA' S I 'SANE MISERS.
Strange Story of Two Brothers Who Had
Seen Better Days.
TACOMA, Wash.. Jan. 14.— Set E. and
George W. Rhoads, old-time Tacomans,
brothers, owners of a business block here
and worth considerable money, were dis
covered to-day living in great destitution
in the attic of a building, both acting
strangely. The Sheriff arrested thorn and
the court found both insane; $750 was
found hidden in the room in gold and
silver. For some time they have refused
to rent rooms or stores in their buildings;
have let their hair grow long and have
denied themselves the necessaries of life.
At one time they were worth $100, CO), but
their property has depreciated considera
bly of late. This led. to miserly habits,
and worry and lack of nourishment led to
insanity. They will bo sent to the asylum.
EUREKA TAXI' il* ERS RESOLVE.
Demand Retrenchment in the State and
Countg Governments.
EUREKA. Cal., Jan. 14. —The tax
payers' League met here again this even
ing and adopted resolutions modeled on
those of the league of San Bernardino
County, having in view a reduction of
taxation by reducing the expenses of the
county and State governments. The
resolutions as amended and adopted con
template an aggregate cut of $9300 in the
salaries of county officers. Tue heaviest
cuts are made in the County Clerk's and
Recorder's offices. . The resolutions, to
gether with petitions now being circulated
In the county, will be forwarded to Sacra
mento soon. "7-. v. V';." '.'..'
Blanche Bates to Leave the Frawleys.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 14.— 1t has just
leaked out that Miss Blanche Bates of the
Frawley company has accepted a flattering
offer from an Eastern manager and will
leave the Frawley company at the end of
t-be season. The decision of Miss Bates
has created a profound sensation and will
most likely startle San Francisco. **
Washington Miner Blown to Atoms.
SEATTLE, Wash., Jan. 14— Den
dorff, a miner, was blown into eternity
to-day at his home in Back Diamond,
this county, by the accidental explosion
of giant powder. The house was badly
demolished.
VIOLENT STORMS
DOWN THE COAST
Rain, Wind and Snow in
Many Places Break
the Record.
■-
Red Pennant Hoisted at San
Diego as a Warning to
Mariners.
Streets of the City Flooded for a
While— The Steamer Mexico
Is Overdue. /
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Jan. 14.— One of the
heaviest storm* known in the history of
San Diego broke over the city to-day.
The Weather Observer early this morning
received a dispatch irom the chief of the
service at San Francisco to "hoist red
pennant; storm off southern coast; dan
gerous for vessels to venture out."
The wind signal was displayed— the
first instance on, record at this station.
At 10 o'clock the wind was in the east, but
soon changed to southwest, and its veloc
ity was increased from ten to twenty-two
miles an hour, being an unusual velocity
for this place.
The bay was choppy, and whitecaps
rolled high, but were small compared to
the heavy rollers that swept and lashed
the shores of Coronado. The waves broke
heavy over the Zuninga shoals, but the
jetty work is believed to have withstood
the force of the current and waves.
At 10:30 o'clock the barometer was
28.47 ana at 12 it was 29.56. This is re
markably low, and is tbe lowest record
for many years. By 2 o'clock the storm
had ended, the rainfall being 1.84 inches—
an unusually heavy precipitation.
The streets of the city were flooded for a
short while. ; During the rain the weather
was warm and balmy, the sun shining at
intervals.
The Mexico, due from San Francisco,
had not arrived at 9p. m.
AT LOS -iNGELES.
Rain Falls in Torrents and the Wind
Bin sos a Bstrricane.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 14.—
worst rain and snow storm in years has
raged throuthout Southern California
during the past twenty-four hours up to
10 o'clock to-night, while the local weather
bureau reports prospects for additional
meteorological violence for the next twelve
nours. ■'-.■":-~'--
During part of to-day rain fell in tor
rents and the wind blew a strong gale from
tbe northwest.
A remarkable feature of the storm has
been the extreme low temperature which
has held sway for tbe past twelve hours.
The mountains and foothills are entirely
covered with a compact mantle of snow.
Snow several inches, deep is w.thin an
hour's, walk from the center of Pasadena.
Citizens in many foothill towns tnrou^b
ou this part of the State were engaged in
the astonishing diversion of snowball bat
tles this afternoon.
There is probably more snow on the
ground in Los Angeles and adjoining
counties to-night than has been known be
fore in twenty years. All the streams are
bank full and many of tbem veritable
lakes. The rainfall was above the average
annual for twenty years at 5 p. m. and
considerably over the season's precipita
tion on this date last year.
The rain for the storm was over three
inches at SP. M. Railway traffic has been
interfered with to some extent, while
streetcar service has suffered greatly here
this afternoon.
Two Feet of Snow Near Pasadena.
PASADENA, Cal., Jan. 14.— There is
more snow visible irom Pasadena than
there has been for years. The entire
range back of town is covered with a
mantle. of the beautiful.
■ At Echo Mountain House and Alpine
Tavern the snow is about two feet deep.
With oranges ripening on the trees, roses
blossoming in profusion in Pasadena
yards tourists gaze contentedly on the
snowbanks above town and write home
another "California yarn." The frainfall
to date is 9.67 inches.
Only Showers at Santa (rut.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Jan. 14.— A small
rain-cloud pas-ed over this city yesterday
about noon, and cast a considerable
sprinkle in the business and lowland resi
dence portions of the city.
It extended up the hill for a short dis
tance, but at Garfield Park there was not
a drop. Just before midnight a shower
fell that extended generally over the
town. To-day the sun is out and the
weather is warm.
THE PRESIDENT'S RECEPTION.
A Very Brilliant * Affair at the White
House, With a Bevy of Fair
Debutantes.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 14.'— The
first official reception of President and
Mrs. Cleveland for this season took place
to-night at the executive mansion. With
out it was cold and forbidding, a slight
snow being on the ground. Bfeffi|
Trees about the building drooped their
white wings. Within all was radiant,'
luxuriant and warm. Hundreds of palms,
large and small, were placed about tbe
brilliantly lighted rooms. , The great east
room neve:** showed to better advantage.
Hanging from the great chandeliers was
running ivy which encircled in innumer
able clusters the thousands of electric
lights of varied colors which peered out
upon the moving throng below like stars.
Tne mantels were banked with roses
fringed with hyacinths and fern.
Lofty palms reared their graceful forms
to the ceiling and bowed with the undulat
ing ot the atmosphere. Moving among
the semi-tropical scene, in sharp contrast
to the bleak exterior, was a throng com
posed of* tbe wealth, fashion and beauty
of Washington society. v
It was diplomatic night. The brilliant
uniforms of the foreien diplomats
w/>re as varied as the languages
they speak and the people they repre
sent, the no less • showy but less
varied uniforms of the United States
army and navy officers, the full , dress
toilets of the ( ladies, all made a scene
which was da'zzlingly brilliant. Music
from the Marine band floated in from the
spacious vestibule, adding its charm to
the gathering.
The President and Mrs. Cleveland and
all of the ladies of the Cabinet formed a
line in the red room, where; the presenta
tions were made first to the President and
then to Mrs. Cleveland by Colonel Wilson,
U. S. A, the guests continuing into the
east room.
Passing down the line of Cabinet ladies, j
fßfTfiftiiiiY'MtiiiiiiiTfriHrititTirwrf" *
the guest usually only bowed, unless per
sonally acquainted with some of the
ladies when they shook hands. Mr.
Cleveland shook ail by the hand, as did
also Mrs. Cleveland.
Behind the receiving line was a brilliant
bevy of young matrons and debutantes,
making a beautiful background. The re
ception began at 9 o'clock and it was 12
o'clock before all the guests departed.
GOLD FOR 300 MILES.
Official Report on the Rich Mineral De-
posits of Alaska.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 14.— An in
teresting report made by Director Wal
cott of the Geological Survey showing the
presence of an enormous gold belt in
Alaska, has been forwarded to the House
of Representatives by the Secretary of the
Interior.
The report, tells the story of an expedi
tion that was sent out by the Geological
Survey to determine the gold and coal de
posits along the line of the Alaskan coast.
The second expedition followed in May,
1896, going to the gold fields of the Yukon
River to investigate the report ttiat there
were large placer deposits along the
streambeds. .7 .
The party traversed the valley of the
Yukon from the British boundary on the
east to the mouth of the river on the
west. All of the well-known placer,
deposits were examined, and the ori
gin of the gold in them was traced to
the quartz veins along the headwaters* of
the various streams entering the Yukon.
Sufficient data were secured to establish
the presence of a gold belt 300 miles in
length in Alaska, which enters . Alaska
near the branch of Forty Mile Creek and
extends westward across the Yukon Val
ley at the ramparts. Its further extent is
unknown.
It is the opinion of the geologist in
charge of the expedition that it is entirely
practicable to prosecute quartz mining
throughout the year in this region. He
also discovered along the river acr< s of
rocts containing hard and bituminous
coal. .7*-
The director thinks in view of these
facts that a reconnoisance report should
be mSde of the gold and coal areas in order
to secure an intelligent conception of the
resources of the interior ot Alaska, and
for tbis purpose asks an immediate appro
priation of $25,000.
JAIL BREAK IN NEW YORK.
Perilous Climb of Four t Federal Prisoners,
Three of Whom Succeed in
Escaping.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 14.— Four
Federal prisoners in the Ludlow-street
jail made their escape at 6 o'clock to
night by sawing an iron bar off a window
over the jaiiyard and getting onto a roof
adjoining the jail.
From there the way out was easy. One
was captured. The men are William Post,
mail robber; Micbael Egan, counter
teiter; George Polyeramis, a Greek coun
terfeiter, and Peter Masso, a procurer.
All four had cells on the top tier of the
jail. The jail authorities did not know
anything about the matter until they were
notified by the doorkeeper at the Eldridge
street station-bouse, where Masso, who
had been recap. was taKen.
Then they * began their search and
learned that only four had left without
notice.
Plumbers had been at work In the prison
for the past few days and Masso in some
manner secured a saw which had been
used by them.
He told his three pals of his good for
tune, and all immediately resolved to saw
the bars off a window in an empty cell.
Each took turns at the work, which was
commenced at 5:30 o'clock, and soon an
opening was made large enough for a
man to squeeze himself through. Masso
was the first to make the attempt.
When he got hi 3 body outside of the
window, he found himself directly over
the yard of the jail. He had to climb from
the window to a cornice which projects
about a foot.
Though Masso was sixty feet from the
bottom of the building, with nothing but
space between him and the yard, he
climbed to the cornice and drew i imself
up, thence clambering to the roof. The
otners followed. «
It was a very desperate chance, but suc
ceeded. When the men entered 6 Ludlow
street they beard voices on the stairway
in the lower part of the tenement, and de
cided to try other means of leaving.
Masso voluntered to make the attempt.
He opened the door of an apartment and
immediately the occupant, a Mrs. Gold
stein, uttered a cry of alarm, tainting that
Masso was a burglar.
He dashed out of the room into the arms
of a policeman, who had heard Mrs. Gold
stein's screams, and was locked up in the
Eidridge-street station.
After the excitement attending Masso's
capture had subsided the three men who
had remained. on the roof went down the
stairs and into the street, where all trace
of them was lost.
ABSOLUTELY FREE.
• • - ' f ' ■ ■■.'""■
There are hundreds of men who are suffering and need
help. Many weak and weary men would like to recover their
lost strength, lost vitality, and stop the pre-
maturity ;to these men a genuine offer is .^sasaamsasa\^jt
made. The doctors of the Hudson W*
Medical Institute will give them *"-ilPe)vM m T^
It is a well-known w\ % m^^
Bk^«fc Ji
fact that the ■illHrinM Wr jl m \ tL 1 JrhuiCi W^^
doctors W^ m \ |P*^ c
of "t^" -'^TM i\ % jmH Hudson
<"*§£s ■'■$* PajK Medical Insti-
ll Sr *k \7^\ Im^^BpE^' tute are the origina-
lly \^l \ V^Lai\asas9 tors of ** ie famoils remedy.
TO.^ bZJ-AS^*' treatment, Hudyan. This reni-
ll di*™P^^ edy treatment cures loss of ci orgy, loss
N^PP 5^ of appetite, trembling of the hands, palpita-
tion of the heart, melancholia, loss of vitality, loss
of vigor, prematureness of the discharge, and it is absolutely
certain to cure you. It is as certain as certain can be. Hudyan
is perfectly harmless, but sure ; 1000 people-have used it- 1000
people know it is good ; 1000 deoplei say it is good. ' "The
doctors guarantee." ; v - s.
*oooooooooooooooooo+
Send for | 1 FREE ADVICE. j| ' ', "
•OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO*
Circulars and Testimonials.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Ellis, Stockton and Market Sts.
BLOOD POi&OlU A reliable cure forthe first, secondary
mmm^^^awmaw ■- *W*i WW or ternary form of Blood Poison Is th«
"30-day cure." Send for circulars of
. "30-a"c*y cure."
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
I Ellis, Stockton and Market Sts.
UNIVERSITY NEWS
FROM PALO ALTO
New Features Promised in
the Forthcoming '98
Annual.
Lively . Contest of Popular Stu
dents for the Presidency
of the '99 Class.
Important Acquisition to the Athletic
Team Lecture on Diseases of
School Children.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cap., Jan.
14.— Work on the '98 annual has com
menced in earnest and the prospects are
that it will equal in all re
spects any heretofore published by
junior classes. A feature will be made of
the art and the literary departments, and
several innovations are promised by the
board of editors. * A number of the liter
ary students intend to compete for both
the prize poem and the prize story. Sev
eral have already handed in their con
tributions. The custom of representing
each year several members of the faculty
by photographs and biographies will be
continued. The cover design was selected
this afternoon. It is the work of Miss
Boyd '97, and* is decidedly tasteful. A'
number of full-page drawings, headings
and ; tail pieces for the annual were also
selected.
The class of '99 met this afternoon for
the election of officers. There are three
candidates for -the presidency, and all
will make a strong run for this alluring
class distinction. Robert Plate came to
the front during his freshman year, play
ing on bis class team in its match with
Berkeley's youngsters. Charles E.
Schwartz has been connected with the
college daily, the Palo Alto, since his en
trance to the university, and is now its
managing editor. •' He is also prominently
connected with- the student debating
clubs. William Mcintosh "Billy," aa
he is known to < his , friends is tbe third
candidate for the place. He captained the
class team during his freshman year, and
was selected as substitute quarterback on
the Stanford team for the two last inter
collegiate football games. He has al
ways been an ardent classman. Mcintosh
and Schwartz are considered the strongest
candidates, but Plate may come out, with
unexpected strength.
H. Kerrigan of Portland entered the
university to-day. He is one of the prom
ising young athletes of the Northwest.
His best event is the high jump. Although
but 5 feet 6 inches in height, ho has
cleared 6 feet 2 inches. Tbis was tha
highest jump made by an amateur in
America last year, although it was equaled
by Patterson of the Olympics. He also
has a broad- jump record of 20 feet 8 inches
and pole-vaulting of 10 feet 4 inches.
Kerrigan is one of the pupils of King
Stanford's lately secured track coach. He*
is 20 years old and will take a commercial
course at Stanford.
Dr. Mara L. Pratt, tbe writer of a num
ber of popular children's books, delivered
a lecture in tbe chapel this afternoon.
8 c discussed "Some Diseases of Children
and Their Effects Upon the Mind." The
evils which threaten school children and
come under a doctor's attention, caused
by overcrowding the rooms and other rea
sons, were pointed out and proper reme
dies for such evils were suggested. The
lecture was well attended, chiefly by those
who intend to make teaching of children
their special calling.
Rivera ide Overrun With Tramps.
RIVERSIDE, , Cal,. Jan. 14. —The
police courts ■ are rushed with cases of
petty crime at present and more hard
characters are in town than ever before.
One man wai sentenced for assault to
day, and another will be tried to-morrow.
Within a week half a dozen arrests have
been made for the illegal sale of liquor.
To-day a Frenchman named" Pere Rey
aud was arrested for knocking down and
kicking a woman, leaving her in a critical
condition. The orange-picking season
seems to bave brought a small army of
tramps here. •*•*"■ - iv".;MURDERER ROE
WILL DIE TO-DAY
i ■
Every Detail Complete 1 for
the Grewsome Ceremony
at Napa. /
The Doomed Man Is More Serious
as the Hour of Execution
Draws Nigh. /
I
A Novelty in Trap-Springing— Even
the Sheriff Will Not Know
the Hangman.
NAPA. Cal., Jan. 14. -Arrangements
have all been compleied for the execution
of William M. Roe, which will taKe place
to-morrow morning at 11 o'clock. The
prisoner more fully realizes the serious
ness of his situation as his time on earth
grows shorter. Although h* is ready to
carry on conversation, he does not seek
to take the leading part, but rather pre
fers to listen. Last night he slept about
five hours.
To-morrow morning at ID o'clock the
death warrant will be read to the con
demned man, at which time he wilj be
commanded to prepare himself for the ex
ecution. Then the doors to the inclosure
in which the execution is to take place
wili be opened. A person will be stationed
there to inspect the passes for admittance
as they are presented. Further in another
guard will take up the passes. Admit
tance will be granted only to those to
whom cards of admission have been
issued, and no one *ill be admitted on
ano'her person's invitation. Within the
inc'.osure other guards will be stationed
to direct the spectators to their places and
to keep all outside the ropes stretched
around the scaffold except the officers and
doctors.
The prisoner will be bound before he
leaves the cell and taken to the scaffold.
Besides the i fficials he will be accom
panied by Captain Kettle of the Salvation
Army, to whom Roe has become deeply
attached. The captain will remain with
the prisoner until the drop is sprung.
The method of springing the trap is in
genious. No one, not even the Sheriff,
knows by what person the trap is sprung.
The Sheriff only knows that it will be by
one of thiee persons, but the names of
these be will sacredly guard. Directly
bscK of the trap a wooden cage has been
arranged through which three ropes pass,
one of which is attached to the trap door.
Each of the ropes support a heavy weight',
which falls to the ground through an in
closed cylinder where the strands are cut.
The trap door, which is sustained by one
of these ropes, immediately drops. The
three persons who will be stationed in the
cage and whose duty it will be to cut the
rope when directed by the Sheriff, have
been selected. Immediately after the exe
cution the Coroner will take charge of the
body. • ________________
UKIAH'S MURDER TRIAL.
A Hard-Fcug Legal Battle— Dodge's
Confess on of the Killing Admitted
in Evidence.
UKIAH, Cal., Jan. 14.— T0-day has wit
nessed the hardest fought battle of law in
tl c trial of John Dodge for the murder of
John Mudgett.
This morning Perry F. Bowman was re
called on behalf of the prosecution to fix
tbe day of the killing of Mudgett.
He testified to finding the remains of
the deceased in the ruins of his cabin on
October 28 at about dusk.
The n^xt witness called was William
Held Jr., official reporter of the Superior
Court of this county.
He testified that he was present at the
confession made by Dodge in Wlllits to
Constable Martin Hart, District Attorney
George A. Siurtevant and himself, and
which was by him taken down in short
hand at the time the events leading up
to the confe-sion were detailed.
When th-* question as to what the de
fendant said at the time was propounded
to the witness by the District Attorney,
Senator Johnston, on behalf of tbe defend
ant, interposed objections to the same.
After consideration Judge Mannon held
that the witness should not be permitted
to refresh his memory from a transcript
of his shorthand notes, but that the short
hand notes themselves would be .allowed
to be used for that purpose.
These were secured and an objection to
their being used by the witness forthe
purpose indicated was overruled by the
court. The original shorthand notes* were
then rea I to the jury.
This statement of the defendant, which
was detailed exclusively in The Call
at the time, is the original confession
made Dy Dodge, and relates with great
minuteness the killing of Mudgett, which
Dodge claims was done in self-defense.
Almost tne entire day was taken up
with the reading of this confession.
This evening Sheriff Johnson was placed
on the stand for the purpose of impeach
in« statements made by Constable Hart
while on the stand yesterday.
John- on was the only witness called by
the defense. The opening argument on
behalf of tbe people was made this even
ing by Colonel John MtjJNab, who has
been retained to assist the District Attor
ney in the prosecution of the case.
Senator Johnston will open the case for
the defen ant to-morrow morning, and
the case will probably go to the jury by
to-morrow evening.
Alter an extended argument Jud*.*e
Munnon overruled the motion made by
Senator Johnston at the close of the plain
tin a case, that the court instruct the jury
to hnd the defendant not guilty.
FRAWLEY GETS OFF LIGHTLY.
Worked for a Small Sum by a Friend
From Honolulu Who Is Now in
This City.
PORTLAND, Ob., Jan. 14.-Gus Ham
mer, the bogus Honolulu captain *of
police, who operated here ior a couple of
days and who is now in San . Francisco
turns out to be a cheap fraud.
. On Tuesday he introduced himself to
Daniel Frawley, manager of the San
Francisco Columbia Theater stock com
pany, at present playing here.
He claimed to have known Mr. Frawley
quite well while in Honolulu, but the lat
ter failed to call the "captain" to mind.
Hammer partially terminated the conver
sation by striking the manager for some
money — a loan.
"But I don't really know you, sir," ex
postulated Mr. Frawley. "If you are an
officer of the standing you claim in the
Honolulu police the Chief here will un
doubtedly accommodate you."
"Ah, there is just the trouble," answered
Hammer of Honolulu. "I don't want to
let them know too much of my business
at this police station here for fear they
will jump in with their 'fly bulls' and in
terfere with mv plans."
At length Mr. Frawley told Hammer
that if he could obtain a letter of intro
duction from the Chief of Police here he
would accommodate nim, expecting to he
struck for $100 at least. .
In a short time the captain returned,
bearing a letter of introduction from the
Chief here to the Chief of Police at
Seattle. . „ „
On presenting the above Mr. Frawley
felt somewhat satisfied, and asked w.iat
amount Hammer desired. The actor was
staggered by being questioned as to
whether he could spire as muc^ as $10.'.
It was lucky for Hammer that he did
not attempt to use Chief Robertson's
letter in Seattle, for it was but
given as a bait to keep him in touch
with the Portland office, his lo
quaciousness having excited suspicion
here and a letter to the Seattle Chief of
Police having been forwarded imme
diately with the signing of the letter of
introduction, warning that officer of the
probable character of the bearer.
SANTA CRUZ NATIVE DAUGHTERS.
Parlor 26 Installs New Officers, Follows
Wih a Suppsr and Their Calls
Upon the Sons.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Jan. 14.— Santa
Cruz Parlor No. 26, Native Daughters of
the Golden West, installed officers last
night and followed the ceremony with
supper and short speeches in which numer
ous toasts, apropos of the event, were
made.
The Native Daughters then visited the
Native Sons, whose sober consideration of
whist was disturbed for an hour.
District Deputy Grand President Clara
Cassidv of Watsonville conducted the in
stallation of the following officers:
President, Mrs. May Williamson; first
vice-president, Acnes Wilkins; second
vice-president, Maria Pioda; third
vice-president, Miss ' Kate Miller; re
cording secretary, Miss Clara Staffler;
financial secretary. Daisy Longley; mar
shal, Mrs. Jennie Ragke; trustees, Mrs.W.
E. Peck a..d Mrs. Dorothea Burnhart; in
side sentinel, Miss Daisy Foster.
NAVAL RESERVE DRILLS.
N
Fourth Gun Division Extends an Invi-
tation to the Public.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Jan 14. — The,
Fourth Gun Division, Naval Battalion, N.
G. C, at its regular meeting last night de
cided to invite the public to witness the
drills by the Naval Reserve on each third
Wednesday night of the month.
On all other nights the public will be
excluded in order to give the officers a
better opportunity to drilMhe men. This
plan will give the public sufficient oppor
tunity to witness the drills, and efforts
will be made to provide exhibitions that
will be worthy of attendance.
The naval reserve, under the thorough
instruction by Lieutenant Commanding
A. A. Morey and Ensign Lindsay, is im
proving greatly and the drills are well
worth seeing.
People's Bank Officers Elected.
SANTA CRUZ. Cal., Jan. 14.— The
stockholders of the People's Bank and the
People's Savings Ban's last evening elected
officers and directors for the year as fol
lows:
Henry Willey, president; Duncan Mc-
Pherson, vice-president; A. A. Morey,
secretary and cashier. The directors are
he president, vice-president and A. P.
Hotaling, D. C. Clark, William Russell
and John T. Sullivan.
Tn Reopen the Sea Beach Hotel.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Jan. 14.— John T.
Sullivan returned ber*** yesterday and
this morning, through Matthews &
Tuttle. paid the balance of the
amount agreed upon to D. K. Abeel for
one year's lease oi the Sea Beach Hotel.
Mr. Sullivan will immediately begin prep
arations for the opening of the house in
the middle of February next.
Grantz- Randall Wedding.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Jan. 14.— The
marriage of William P. Grantz and Rena
Belle Randall was solemnized yesterday
by Rev. 11. F. Briges at the residence of
Mr. and Mrs. H. H. Randall, the bride's
parents.
The groom is a son of the proprietor of
the Hagemann Hctel and the bride's
father is a wholesale shoe merchant and
a member of the City Council.
Fortification Work Begins.
SAN DIEGO, Cal.. Jan. 14.-C. L. Lake
man, superintendent of construction for
Gray Bros., contractors, of San Francisco,
received sixty horses and a quantity of ma
chinery from San Francisco to-night, and
will begin work on tbe Govern
ment fortifications at Ballast Point
next Saturday morning. The appro
priation calls for the expenditure of
$170,000. One hundred men will be em
ployed for six months. Four heavy guns
and two mortars will b° mounted.
COURSING AT SACRAMENTO.
Many Dogs of Note Entered for Xeatl
Sunday's Meeting.
SACRAMENTO, Cal.. Jan. 14.— The
coming coursing match of the Sacramento
Coursing Park Association, which will be
run on Sunday next in this city, promises
to be one of more than ordinary inter
est, as dogs of note have been en
tered from various portions of the State
and from San Francisco alone there are
four entries — Ben iirtish, Handspring,
Faster and Faster and John W. Busy
Bee, a Denver bitch, full sister to Sinaloa,
winner of first at Merced meet, is also en
tered; Little Wonder, winner of the third
prize at the sa*ine meeting, and many
others of note, including the following:
Heilman and Monson's Cloverleaf vs. J.
Schwab's Queen of the Antipodes. J. Girroux's
Free Silver vs. J. M. Hastings' Isonomy, W.
HanrHhan's Sister vs. T. Faltrick's Slower and
Slower, S. Parker's Paderewskl vs. C. Tyers'
Golden Rule, W. M. Haley's Skylight vs.
Duffle and Sehepo's Combination; Ackerson
and Renwick's Fly Boy vs. T. Fal. rick's White
Fiver; J. Nethercott's Moonlight vs. W. Mc-
Xurdy's Sweetheart; Acker.ion and Re*n
wick's Snowdrift vs. J. M. Has ting's Bill
Nye; W. LevisOn's Harry S vs. Sheehan and
O'Brien's Grady, I. William**' Airship v«. Vv.
Benchley'a John W, R. Gardner's Sweet Marie
vs. J. Nethercott.s Little Wonder, D. Walsh's
Buck vs. J. Meehan'.* Diamond . Edge,
Bht;ohan Brothers' Banjo vs. Ackerson
Renwick's Village Girl, W. P. Griffith's Susie
vs. Devlne & Upman'l Busy Bee. A. Harbin
son's Little Hoodoo vs. Schulz & Roii-jlit's
Faster and Faster, Schulz & Rough t's
Handspring vs. Ryan Brothers' Pilot,
Haines <t Lark in'? Normal vs. Egan <fe
Han on's Reception, C. Tver's Flora T vs.
Schulz and Rough t's Ben Brush, W. McCurdy's
Aneellne vs. F. McDonald's Eureka Girl, T.
Kennedy's Schoolgirl vs. Voegel and Lyons'
Wild wood.
The prizes are $30, $20 and $10,
CORBETT COMING BACK.
Carson City May Be the Scene of His
Fight With Fit*.
CLEVELAND, Ohio. Jan. 14.— The
Carson City location for the Corbett-
Fitzsimmons fi.ht was almost confirmed
by Corbett to-night. He has evidently
been advised by Stuart, and has shaped
his plans accordingly. He told a personal
friend this evening that after the close of
his engagement in Kansas City next
week he would visit his home in San
Francisco, and would finish training in
California, "which will be very close to the
scene of the battle.''
Races at New Orleans.
. NEW ORLEANS, La., Jan. 14. — Seven
eighths of a mile, Gismonda won, Sauterne
second, Trilby third. Time, 1:28},.
One mile, Sharon won, Candin second, Jack
Haves third. Time, 1:43%.
One and a sixteen tn. miles, Dorothy 111
won. Fasig second, Ida Pickwick third. Time,
1*49
'Three-quarters of a mile, Gaston won. Anger,
second, Lady Brittany third. Time, 1:16.
Seven-eiehths of a mile, Buckmore won, C.
CRumril: second, Nover ■ th.ird. Time, 1:31.
Three-quarters of a mile, Marquise won, Mag
gie 8 second. Doran Wood third. Time, 1 :14-^.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 15, 1897.
THEY ADVOCATE
MANY REFORMS
The Merchants' Association
Considers Live
Issues.
Better Pians for Sewerage Call
Forth an Animated Dis*
cussion.
Civil Service Primary Election and
Other Proposed Laws Receive
Attention.
The quarterly meeting of the board of
directors of the Merchants' Association
was held last night at Academy of Sciences
Hall. There was a fair-sized attendance,
many representative citizens being
present, and various questions of im
portance to this City and State were con
sidered. ■
F. W. Dohrmann presided, and J.
Richard Freud acted as secretary. The
meeting was spirited throughout.
The quarterly report of the board of
directors of tbe association was read Dy
Attorney J. Richard Freud. It was a
most voluminous document, and was in
general divided into two sections, a record
-the work already accomplished by tbe
organization and the objects it expects to
achieve in the nearfnture..
The principal subjects discussed in tbe
report were street cleaning, lighting and
paving; the removal of unused car tracks
where the franchises have either expired
or been released; an improved sewer sys
tem and plans for belter sewerage; civil
service and primary election laws; pre
parations for a new charter and the legis
lation urgently needed for San Francisco.
Under the head of street-cleaning the
statement was made that on October 12.
1896, the specifications of the Merchants
Association were for a second time
adopted by the Board of Supervisors, and
that at present a superintendent is em
ployed to see bow those specifications are
carried out.
All the subjects treated in the report
came up for consideration afterward in
the form of resolutions. It was duly
adopted as read. SkY
Alter the adoption of the report the
secretary read a resolution to the effect
that a board of engineers be created to
i devise and provide an improved system of
sewerage for San Francisco, to include
conduits for water and gas pipes and tele
phone, telegraph and electric wires. It
was adopted.
Mr. Brittan introduced a resolution
dealing with the question in which the
association has taken a keen interest— the
subject of a new charter. The document
was* worded to favor an amendment to the
State constitution, making it possible for
a freeholders' charter to be ratified by a
majority of all the qualified electors voting
upon a Freeholders' charter, and making
it further possible for an amendment to
be made to such a charier by a majority
vote of the qualified electors voting upon
the amendment. Brittan's resolution was
adopted unanimously.
Charles Reynolds thought it was all
well enough to have a new sewerage sys
tem, but that it would take time. He
wanted something done right away, and
he wanted it bad. The Board of Super
visors ought to clean the mouths of sewers
out now, and he moved that it be request
ed to do so.
Then came a hitch. Isidor Jacobs be
lieved that an expert engineer should be
employed to see what could be done in the
matter first. After a lively discussion he
put his desire, in the form of an amend
ment to Mr. Reynolds' motion and the
motion as amended was adopted.
Another resolution petitioned the Board
of Supervisors to extend the specifications
for street cleaning so as to include ma
terials found highly useful in other cities.
The intention was to call attention to the
use of asphalt and of wooden blorKs
covered with a preparation. The resolu
tion was adopted as read.
The resolution most earnestly discussed
was with reference to the enactment of a
civil service law by the Legislature of this
State, and requesting the representative's
of San Francisco in the Senate and
Assembly to favor and urge the pas
sage of* such a civil service act
in order to avoid "many of the
worst evils jffli'tin- the government
of San Francisco, caused by the pernicious
practice of appointing and removing clerks
and employes of the municipality for
reasons based wholly upon political parti
sanship."
President Dohrmann explained that
James G. Maguire has a bill now before
Congress for National civil service reform,
and a Mr. Cross of Los Angeles one before
the Legislature of this State. Judge Way
mire of Alameda County was mentioned
as having another bill before the Legisla
ture similar in import to that of* Cross.
Altera lively discussion the resolution
was adopted with no dissenting votes.
On resolution of B. Bienfeld the Mer
chants' Association was appointed a body
to examine the bills regulating civil ser
vice now before the Legislature and ascer
tain by a critical scrutiny whioh is best,
the public to be notified of the result of
such examination. This bill, as indorsed
by the board of. directors of the associa
tion, will be printed and distributed to all
the members.
A resolution favoring the enactment of a
primary election law by the Legislature,
on the "ground that the present method of
conducting primary elections is seriously
defective and often leads to grave abuses
in the nomination of undesirable and unfit
public officials, was next introduced. It
was adopted by a unanimous vote with no
discussion. KHPfPSQPffiBM&fIBI
The resolution next introduced was also
adopted without comment. It petitioned
tha Legislature to incorporate in the street
laws of the State a provision that con
tractors shall be required to maintain and
repair the pavements constructed by them
for a period of at least five years, thus in
suring to the City the best materials and
workmanship.
A. D. Sheoard handed in a bill that was
a novelty, despite E. A. Demcke's asser
tion that it was "civil service boiled
down." It was as follows: V
Every person elected for an office at any
regular or special election, and accepting or
holding offlce thereunder, shall be considered
h nominee to succeed himself for the same
office nt any succeeding election, and as such
nominee, his name, under the title of incum
bent, shall be printed first on every ballot
u-ed for voting by any and all persons legally
entitled to vote for an incumbent to fill said
office; provided, however, If said incumbent
shall serve written notice previous to said
election on the County Clerk of the county iv
which said election is to be held objecting
thereto, then his name shall not be printed on
said ballot as aforesaid.
It was explained by the author that this
measure would not interfere with candi
dates nominated hy convention or peti
tion, and would not make good candidates
place themselves under the influence of
any person or clique for re nomination.
However, Attorney Van Duzar thought
this was civil service "boiled down too
strong," and would have insured the re
nomination of the whole of the last Board
of Supervisors. Judge Lowe and Denicke
spoke in its support.
I. Gutte made an earnest plea that it be
referred for consideration to the board of
directors, but bis motion was voted down,
and the proposition was carried as read. -
I. Gutte moved that the Board of Super
visors add a provision to section 58 of
order 2927, requiring the Chief En
gineer of the Fire Department to detail
not exceeding two men to places ot amuse
ment where machinery is used, who shall
have charge of all fire apparatus and tend
to extinguishing fires in their inception.
They should have no other duties and
should be present a half hour before per
formances to make inspection of the ap
paratus used for producing scenic effects,
e'e. The motion was adopted. »
A resolution was introduced by George W.
Turner, and adopted, precluding the tear
ing up of streets permanently improved
for water mains, etc., and requiring that
franchises given in the future for electric
railways shall contain the provision that
the streets over which ihe lines pass shall
be kept lighted by the railroa'l companies.
A later provision directed the attention
of the Legislature to the question.
Isidore Jacobs wanted the meeting to
voice its sentiments upon the pure-food
question. He stated that in the last four
aays over* twenty cases have been dis
missed in the Police Courts, due to per
sonal influence with the Prosecuting At
torneys of the courts named. Owing to
the fact that a quorum was not present at
the time of making the motion, nothing
was done and final adjournment was
taken. lisPSifi
STABBED FOUR TIMES.
Philip Gareir and George Klrby, Two
Old Friends, Have a Falling
Out.
Philip Garew, living at 134 Sixth street,
and George Kirby, a bricklayer, living at
440 Fell street, met at McAllister and
Leavenworth streets about 9 o'clock last
night.
Both are married men and have known
each other for the past twenty years.
There was cause for trouble between
them, and when they met last night they
had a heated argument. Finally they
squared off and Garew knocked Kirby
down three times in succession.
After the third knockdown Kirby made
a rush at Garew with an open knife in his
hand and slashed him on the neck.
"You've pot a knife, have .you?" said
Garew, and Kirby replied. ."Yes, I've got
a knife, and I'll cut your heart out."
Garew, being unarmed, ran along Park
avenue, closely pursued by Kirby till he
came to a heap of bricks opposite City
Hall avenue. He picked up a brick and
threw it at Kirby, but missed him, and
Kirby closed upon him, stabbing him
three times on the left side.
Kirby then ran down the avenue to Mar
ket and Garew went to the Receiving
Hospital, where Dr. Maher aressed bis
wounds. The wounds are not dangerous.
Garew at first refused to tell who used
the knife upon him, but finally he admit
ted to Detectives Seymour and Reynolds
that it was Kiiby. He declined to say
what the quarrel was about, and said he
would not prosecute Kirby for the sake of
his wife and five children. Garew is em
ployed in the Judson rolling-mills, Em
eryville. ___________
LABOR AGENTS TO FIGHT
They Pursue ' Fitzgerald and
Issue an Address to the
Legislature.
A Claim That the Proposed Bureau
Is aD Expensive Political
Scheme.
At a meeting of the various employment
agents of the City it was last night decided
to send Agents Hansen, Precht and Cros
sett to Sacramento to fight Labor Com
missioner Fitzgerald's proposed bill,
which, they say, will cause them to quit
their vocations. KNi
"We shall charge that Fitzgerald has
coerced State officers," said Mr. Prec;it
last night.
The agents formulated an address to
the members of the Legislature and had
several hundred copies printed yesterday.
It runs in part as follows:
To the Members of the Legislature now Assem
bled; To the questions you have been called
or will be called upon to argue, "Shall the two
proposed bills of Fitzgerald, to establish a
State Labor Bureau and to reduce the commis
sion now charged by employment agents to
one-half," become laws? Our answer is em
phatically no.
The employment business is as any other
business, legitimate and honorable. We are
licensed and pay license amounting to $64 per
year each. Many of us have been in this same
business upward of thirty-five years.
We have invested many thousand dollars
and years of labor and stud..* building up our
business, and none o( us have become rich.
Our methods of doing business are as fol
lows: We secure positions tor male and fe
male applicants both City and country, charg
ing 10 per cent commission of first month's
salary for our services rendered. No charges
are made unless situation- is actually secured
and accepted by applicant.
After calling the bill a political scheme
the address says:
We believe It to be a great Democratic steal,
to be imposed on the now already over
burdened taxpayers for Democratic. politics,
whereby they could control the votes erf the
laboring classes and coerce them to voting
their ticket, providing he controlled the em
ploying of that class of men in every town, and
he, or rather his deputies, could be daily work
ing up votes; and, having no experience in
the employment business, they could do as
tney have in the past— send a dishwasher to
fill a railroad-s piker's place nnd a farmer to fill
a butler's position in a private family.
It takes years to perfect a man to "select
help, as well as to understand any other busi
ness. Regarding trades unions, we are and
have always been in accord with them: "In
union tlieie is strength." "some of the hangers
on at the free office have even perjured them
selves oefore Fitzgerald in complaints about
employment offices.
We are willing to bond ourselves in a $5000
bond to show our good faith.
All employment agents always have and
always will refuse in case of strikes of labor
unions to supply their places with the so-called
scab labor.
The proposed State Free Labor Bureau would
impose on the now overburdened taxpayers,
ourselves included, an unnecessary expen
diture of probably $300,000 per annum, and
give a few situations to a lavorlte few; while
on the other hand, as the employ men agencies
now stands, positions are furnished to all
worthy applicants.
Ready & Co. and Ewer & Co. say that
Fitzgerald has misled several labor unions
by making false representations concern
ing their business. They say they will
make these charges at Sacramento.
The Call is in receipt of a communica
tion from Secretary A. M. Beacn of the
Building Trades Council to the eff -ct tnat
the council has indorsed the Fitzgerald
bilL
GUARDS SHO .* PRISONERS.
Exiles and Rebels Get the Worst of It in
Spain's Other War.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 14— A special
cablo dispatch, to the Herald Irom Manila,
the Philippines, via Hongkong, says: It
was at Agana, the capital of Mariana
Islands, and not at Yap, in the Carol mas,
as stated in my dispatch of yesterday,
that the exiled prisoners were shot by the
guards.
According to information given by the
native sentinel, the prisoners intended to
escape and had plotted to kill all who op
posed them and to possess themselves of
the island of Guanian.
It is officially stated that eighty-three
were Killed and forty-six wounded. No
Spaniards were hurt.
The local press applauds the action of
the Governor of Marianas. Captain-Gen
eral Polavieja has issued a proclamation
offering pardon to all rebels who will sur
render within eleven days upon certain
conditions. The document is. calculated
to withdraw fallowings from. the rebel
leaders. ; -'.j; VK' :' t *-^7 ''>WaWk\
TO CUKE A COLD .IN. ONE DAY.
Take laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All drug
gists refund the money if it fails to cure. 25c
BUTLER MAY
RAVE BEEN TOLD
New Complication in the
Hunt for the Mur
derer.
The Monowai Brings News That
a Steamer Spoke the
Swanhilda.
P pers. Were Put Aboard the Ship,
and Thy Must Have Contained
All the Plans of Capture.
The steamer Monowai got in from Aus
tralia la>t night, bringing news of Mur
derer Butler and the Swanhilda.
The officers on the Monowai brought
word that the Japanese steamship Taupo,
one of the Union line of steamers run
ning between Japan and Australia, spoke
the Swanhilda about a week out from
Newcastle, N. S. W. IIPKhP
The two vessels communicated with
each other and the Taupo put some papers
on board the Swanhilda. It is also known
that the captain of the Taupo sent a note
with the papers, and it is believed that
this note contains a warning to the Swan
biida's captain, telling him he carried the
murderer in his crew.
The very fact that there was any form
of communication opens up a vast field
of speculation. ■ It may be that from
them Butler gleaned the information that
his identity and whereabouts are known
and that the sleuth-hounds of the law are
on his trail. •■• ;
Again, it may be that the officers on
board the Swanhilda at once placed him
in irons.
Through it all remains the fact that
Butler may have had* himself and his
baggage transferred to a vessel bound for
another port. pGH
The suspense must last until the arrival
of the Swanhilda herself.
The Australian papers are full of infor
mation regarding the horrible murders
committed by Butler and his movements
prior to bis embarking on the Swanhilda,
but up to the time the Monowai set sail
nothing definite bad been decided on in
the way of undertaking his capture. Sub
sequent events have been fully related by
telegraph.
Six detectives with their eyes wide
open, a revenue cutter witn her boilers
whistling under a full head of steam and
a crowd of reporters and visitors passed
another night at the Meiggs-wharf look
out station watching for the coming of
the Swanhilda.
In the light of such vigilance and the
shine of a moon riding high that illum
inated a clear pathway out .through the
Golden Gate there was little chance of the
speedy four-master with the bloody Aus
tralian, Butler, slipping into port unseen
or even drawing near the harbor entrance
unobserved.
As the hours wore on visitors attracted
out by the beautiful night and the slim
chance of seeing the continuous flare of
light that will herald the approach of the
Swanhilda, walked down the wharf.
In the police station . Detective ■ Mc-
Hattie and Constable Conroy stood watch
and watch.
Never for a moment do the Australians
relax their vigilance. The other officers,
Detectives Egan, Ferguson, Silvey. and
Sergeant Bonner, watch and sleep in turns
day and night. Until the revenue cutter
leaves the wharf to board the Swanhilda,
they will keep several pairs of eyes on the
harbor entrance for the ship during the
day and the signal light at night.
The Secretary of the Treasury, at the
request cf Collector Wise.has telegrap hed
permission ior the representatives of the
City press to go aboard the cutlers Perry
or Hartley and accompany the detectives
out to the Swanhilda when she is re
ported.
The Swanhilda is 53 days out from New
castle to-day, and her bust time between
that port and this is several days less. She
is a greyhound for sailing, but vessels
lately in from Australian ports report
light airs and winds, and the Swanhilda
has probably been delayed from these
natural causes.
What is troubling the police is the sup
position that some of the vessels in the
fleet due may have been in company,
making it easy lor Butler to change ships
with any of the seamen on the ship spok
en and thus hide his identity. In
order to make sure that no tricks are
played the police will board every vessel
that comes in the Golden Gate from a for
eign port from now on.
THE ENDEAVORERS.
Work in Preparation for the Interna
tional Convention in Steady Prog- '•
ress— The Golden Gate Union.
Tbe committee lor the coming Christian
Endeavor international convention held
its regular meeting last evening at its
headquarters in the Y. M. C. A. Hall.
Among those present were Guy W. Camp
bell of San Jose, president of the State
Union, and Leonard Merrill of Los An
geles, ' a member of the State executive
committee.
Mr. Campbell reported that interest in
the 1897 convention was increasing
throughout the State, and sub 1897 com
mittees were being organized everywhere.
President Campbell, Secretary Keid and
Miss Mindora Berry have been visiting
district and county conventions in the
counties from Siskiyou to San Luis Obispo
and helping on the enthusiasm. Among
other facts reported was that San Luis
Obispo County, with only about 500 En
deavorers, proposes -to charter a special
car for the trip to the July convention and
to fill it with delegates.
The Emporium and the California thea
ters will bo used for the noonday prayer
meetings during the convention.
Secretary Reid of San Jose is gathering
information and addresses for the use of
the State executive committee, and has
already the most complete directory of
the Endeavors in the State ever gotten up.
The committee urges the formation of
new local societies and /the strengthening
of those already organized, and especially
the encouragement of the enlistment of
associate members. . :
The State committee will, commencing
with this month, issue a. monthly circular
letter to the societies for their informa
tion. .. *
The use of the. Simpson Memorial
Church. was tendered the '97 committee
for the furthering of their plans in any
way they chose.
Golden Gate Union.
The Golden Gate Union of Societies of
Christian Endeavor held their regular
monthly meeting last night in one of the
lecture-rooms of the Young Men's Chris
tian Association building. There was a
good attendance and great interest mani
fested.
The treasurer's report showed a total of
$1607 25 paid in on the guaranteed .'97
fund for the Golden Gate societies, and
over $1300 on hand. The lookout commit
tee reported the organization of a society
with twenty-five members at Angel Island.
Interesting reports were tiled from the
junior superintendent, the press and the
temperance committees, the floating work
and tho missionary committee.
The programme committee for the an
nual meeting and convention on February
4 reported* an interesting programme se
cured and the securine of Dr. Adams of
the First Congregational Church as the
principal speaker for tbe evening. .
A proposition was made to indorse one
of the three Endeavor publication* in the
City as the official organ of the Golden
Gate Union, but it was unanimously de
feated, and the union by motion decided
to follow the example of the State '97
committee and indorse none of the papers,
but supply news impartially to all. This
action of th*» '97 committee was confirmed
by SDecial resolution last night.
Hook and "Ladder Truck Disabled.
There was a small blaze in M. Lane's saloon
on Folsom and Steuart streets yesterday morn
ing, causing about $150 damages. While re
turning from the fire the truck of Company 1
broke down on Market street, near the junc
tion of Tnird. Travel was b;ockaded for over
twohoujs. It was necessary to send to the
Corporation Yard fora derrick in order to raise
the heavy truck so that it could be moved oft
the tracks. , -
CHANGE OF AGENCY.
We respectfully beg to inform, the trade
that we have this day instructed .<
Mr. John Caffrey,
21 Sutter street,
with the management of our wine de
partment.
Besides Pommery and Greno Cham
pagne, Henkell & Co. Hocks and Journu
Freres, Kappelhoff & Co. clarets.
Mr. Caffrey represents, as heretofore,
Apoilinaris Natural Mineral Water,
Apenta Hungarian Bitter Water and
Friedrichshall Bitter Water.
Charles Graef & Co.,
New York.
Theresa Fair "Estate Litigation.
R. V. Day has instituted: proceedings
against Tax Collector Block to compel that
officer to accept $1447 30 as payment in full
for taxes on real estate in this City belonging
to the estate of Theresa Fair, deceased.
•» — m •
Oleomargarln* Bill Passed.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 14.— The
oleomargarine bill was passed in the
House to-day. Some opposition was de
NEW TO-DAY- .
GREAT
SEMI-ANNUAL
<_— _ _— _— I *_— *—
We were closed all day Thurs
sale. Found we had over
pose to sell everything at % to
for new goods — it will be our
early. There are many big
Here are a few of them
Infants' Mocassin sizes oto 3,
Reduced from '...•' 50c to 200
Infants' Fine Kid, button, sizes
2t06. Reduced from 75c to 45c
Child's Fine Kid, cloth top, .
button, hand - turned,
spring heel, patent leather
tips, sizes 5 to 8. Reduced
irom $1.25 to 85c
Child's Kid, button, patent
leather tips, sprint*: heel,
sizes 6 to 7J£. Reduced
from .$1.25 to 90c
Sizes 8 to 10J^. Reduced to SI.OO
Misses' Fine Kid, button, pat-
ent leather tip, spring heel,
sizes 11 to 2. Reduced
* from $1.75 to 51. 20.
Ladies' Red and Blp.ck Satin
Romeos. Reduced fr0m... 52.50 to 51. 45
Ladles' Fur-bound Romeos.
Reduced from.... $1.50 to SI.OO
Ladies' Tan Kid Fur-bound
Juliets. Reduced from $2.50 to SI. 50
Kast's
738-740 Market St.
Carry a Full line of Buckingham &
Hecht '•» Fine Shoes.
SEND FOR CATALOGUE.
Say the main thing to do is to keep the stomach, liver and bowels ia
order if you want to live long and keep well. Good physicians say
the -nine thing, too. The remedy called/ T""
RIPANS TABILES
while not mysterious or miraculous hi its curative qualities, is a simple
formula prescribed by the bast physicians for disorders of the digestive
organs. Just little tablets, easy to take, easy to buy "an*", quick to act. If
your trouble is Dyspepsia, Biliousness Dizziness, Headache, Constipation,
Heartburn, and the like, no need of calling a physician. Ripans Tabules
contain exactly what be would tell you to take.
ONE TABULE GIVES RELIEF.
raaocAjntifT cure follows a faib trial vo unokrtaisty about it.
-.."■■ ■
' veloped, but it did not prove formidable
on the aye and no vote on the third
reading of the measure. The ayes were
I 126 and the noes 96. Some amendments
I to perfect the bill were agreed to with-
I out opposition. The bill makes oleomar
garine and other imitation products sub
ject to the laws of the Stale or Territory
into which they are transported.
JOHN M. CUNNINGHAM DEAD.
Expired at the Hotel Savoy, New York, of
Typhoid Fever.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 14.— John M.
Cunningham of San Francisco died at the
Hotel Savoy this afternoon of typhoid
fever. He returned from Europe in usual
health in November and immediately
went to San Francisco on business.
He came back to New York about a
month ago, intending to spend the win
ter here, and soon after contracted the
disease which resulted in his death.
He was the son ot William Cunningham
of Irvington-on-tlie-Hudson, and was born
in that city in 1855.
He was a graduate of the Sheffield
Scientific School of New Haven in 1875
and soon after began mining engineering
in the West. About ten years ago he set
tled in. San Francisco, where he became
identified with mining interests.
In 1890 Mr. Cunningham married Miss
Clara Luning, a daughter of the late Nich
olas Luning, a San Francisco capitalist,
who was said to be worth over $7,000,000
when be died.
Mr. Luninj-'s estate was managed after
his death by a corporation of which Mr,
Cunningham was a diiector. Mr. Cun«
ningbara was the president of the Cosmos
Club of San Francisco.
GALLANT OFFICER INSANE.
A Madman Front Injuries Received in
the China-Japan War.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 14.— Captain.
Philo McGiffin, a former officer of the
Unite 1 States navy. and afterward with
the Chinese Imperial navy, who fought
the flagship Chen Yuen against the com
bined attack of the entire Japanese fleet
in the memorable battle of the Yalu River
on the afternoon of September 17, 1894,
has been taken to the Post Graduate Hos
pital in this city, a violent madman.
The complete wrecking of tbis brilliant
naval officer and tactician is the direct re
sult ot the terrific strain to which he was
subjected during the battle of the Yalu.
Both of his eardrums were ruptured, his
eyes permanently affected and his head
and body filled with splinters ot wood
work and steel. It is only by operation,
that the true cause of the officer's insanity
can be determined.
CLEARANCE
SHOE SALE!
day, making ready for to-day's
stocked in many lines and pro-
% its value. We need the room
loss but your gain. Come
bargains and you want the best.
And a few more.
Ladies' Felt Slippers, felt soles.
Reduced from $1.00 to 600
Ladies' Felt Laced Shoes, felt
soles. Reduced from $1.50 to 75c
Ladies' Fine Glace Kid Laced
Shoes, pointed toe and tip.
Reduced from $2.50 to 51. 55
Ladies' $me Glace Kid, button,
pointed toe and tip." Re-
duced from $2.50 to 51.50
Boys' Calf Button, all sizes up
to No. 6. Reduced fr0m... 52. 00 to SI. 15
Men's Calf, lace and Congress.
Reduced from $2.50 to SI.
Men's Calf, cork sole, lace and
Congress. Reduced fr0m. 53.50 to 53. 45
Buckingham & Hecht's $4 Calf
Cork-sole, Congress and
Lace Shoes. Reduced t0... 53. 25
Men's $7 Patent-leather, hand- *
sewed and Congress; plain
narrow square toe. Re-
duce 1 to 54.60
Men's $3 Tan Shoes, lace or
Congress, - left over from
last season. Reduced t0... 12; IO
Kasts
738-740 Market St."
Carry a Full Line of Buckingham St
Hecht's Flue Shoes.
MAIL ORDERS PROMPTLY FILLED.
56
FRIDAY ~ JANUARY 15, 1897
CHARLES M. SHOKTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Freo:
Dally »nd Sunday Call, one week, by carrier.. $0.15
Dally and Sunday Call, one year.by mall.-... 6.00
Daily and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 3.00
Daily and Sunday Call, three months by mail 1.50
Dally »nd Sunday Call, one month, by mail.. .66
Sunday Call, one year, by mail 1-50
Weekly Call, one year, by maU 1.60
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone Maln-IS6«
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay Street.
Telephone Maln-187*
BRANCH OFFICBS:
627 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
0:30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street; open nntil 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; opei
intil 9 o'clock.!
.2518 Mission street: open nntil 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth street; open until 9 o'clock.
1305 Polk street: oi*-n intil 9:30 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFJCB:
908 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Booms 31 and 32, 34 Park Row, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Eastern Manager.
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
Now for the Nicaragua canal.
-
Tbe Cabinet position is still in sight and
reach. .
Speaker Reed is doing business in the
old style.
— * — ■
The tariff-makers are building up pros
perity while we wait.
»
It is the short session of Congress, but
it is as lively as a long one.
Cleveland's term is of few days, but the
signs are it will be full of trouble.
The Legislature has had to begin with a
scandal, but it will end it promptly.
The Cleveland days are flying fast and
springtime and McKinley are coming.
The monetary conference spoke at In
dianapolis, but it was the voice of New
York. _______
It is expected the Valley road will
reach Bakersfield in June, and the good
work goes bravely on.
m
Bryan's retirement from his engagement
to deliver fifty lectures is a proof that at
times he has a lucid interval.
*—
We never expected a scandal in the Park
Commission; but, of course, it is always
the unexpected that happens.
«
The sale of adulterated food is a menace
to every household, and every citizen will
support the law that prevents it.
The arbitration treaty is for but five
years, and it is worth while trying it that
long just for the novelty of the thing.
It is not possible to tell as yet the next
card for the people to play in the game
against the defaulting Pacific roads. It is
Cleveland's lead now.
Some say Sberman will and some say
he won't, but up to date it is by no means
certain that McKinley has asked him
whether he will or not.
Pennsylvania will be represented in the
next Senate by the youngest man in that
body, and it goes without saying he will
wake up the old fogies.
Chicago has a city ordinance against
high theater hats, but society women not
only refuse to recognize it but won't en
tertain even an idea of it.
If there is any issue before the country
which Cleveland does not intend to shuffle
off on the McKinley administration' we
would like to know what it is.
The Kentuckian who, by his own re
quest, has been buried in an air-tight
coffin filled with whisky will undoubtedly
accomplish the greatest soak on record.
0
The death of a man in New York from a
disease contracted by holding a piece of
paper money in his mouth is another
warning to the public not to chew the rag.
As the Boston police report an average
of ninety arrests for drunkenness every
day during last year it is evident the
Bacchante was prompt in getting In her
work.
The St. Louis Republic says "Missouri
has been free from -office-hunting scram
bles that deserve to be called degrading."
Tnis is news, indeed; but we wait for con
firmation from Chicago.
It is a pity the monetary conference
didn't have sense enough to comprehend
that no scheme for the retirement of
greenbacks will work in this country.
The people won't have it.
*
The promptness of the Legislature in
investigating the scandal of the stuffed
payrolls aucurs well for the future of the
session. When an evil is once exposed it
won't happen again in a hurry.
A German inventor has devised a heater
to be placed in tne heel of a shoe, so that
a man won't have to walk fast to keep
his feet warm. The next thing ought to
be a hat with a phonograph attachment.
»
It is now fairly well assured that the
Nicaragua canal bill will be taken up at
this session of Congress, and the people of
California should be prompt in giving it
support. It is a good thing; push it
along.
•
It may have been all right for the
Smithsonian Institution to send to the
Sultan a life-size model of a Pawnee chief
in his war paint, but, all the same, it
would have been better to have sent him
a Quaker.
»
As another evidence that there is no
kind of opinion which is not held by some
body it is worth noting that a Kansas
man has risen up to say "there are too
many banks in this country for the
amount of business."
. • 1
Secretary Olney has succeeded in set
ting the Senators to debate the constitu
tional right of the President to deal ex
clusively with foreign affairs instead of
the Cuban question itself, and to that
extent he has accomplished what he was
aiming at.
»
The fact that Donald Cameron is to be
succeeded in the Senate by Boies Penrose,
a young man hardly 36 years of age, has
been made the subject of approving com
ment ail over the Union. The people are
tired of stagnation in the Senate and are
glad wheo young Mood is infused,
BOIES PEffEOSE.
Of the new members who will enter the
United States Senate with the beginning
of the next Congress no one has been the
subject of more comment than Boies
Penrose, who is to succeed Senator Cam
eron of Pennsylvania. • It is gratifying to
note that the comment upon bis election
has been in almost every instance favora
ble both to the new Senator and to the
Republicans who selected him.
Boies Penrose will be Darely 36 years cf
age when he enters the Senate. He rep
resents the youth of the Republican party
and his election gives assurance that Re
publicanism has in itself. the faculty of
renewing its vigor by calling into its coun
cils young blood, young brains and young
energy at every epoch in its history. The
election of Mr. Penrose by the Pennsyl
vania Republicans is the more commend
able because a man of his youth without
wealth was chosen over so eminent a
business man as the Hon. John Wana
maker. Pennsylvania is usually regarded
as a State conservative almost to the de
gree of stagnation, but in this instance it
gives evidence that it is still capable of
leading the Union by promoting new
men of talent and ability to deal with
new issues.
Notwithstanding his youth the new
Senator stands in the forefront of Penn
sylvania politics. Young as he is in years
he is ripe in experience of statesmanship
and public affairs. From his earliest
manhood he has taken a leading part in ail
public questions and has been active in
every canvass in support of Republican
principles and Republican candidates.
Trained in the law, he brought to the con
sideration of political questions a mind
broadened by the study of the statutes of
the country and the great principles
which form the basis of our laws. He is,
therefore, well fitted for the responsible
duties to which he has been called, and
there can be little question that his elec
tion will reflect more credit upon Penn
sylvania than would have been done had
even such a successful man as Mr. Wan
amaker been chosen for the place.
Republicans throughout the Union will
be gratified by this action of the Pennsyl
vania Republicans. It has been fre
quently charged that the Republican
party in its later years has fallen into the
hands of millionaires and business inter
ests. It has been made a subject of re
proach to the party that it represents only
the conservatism of the country; that it
is out of sympathy with the progressive
movements ofthe people and that it seeks
only to maintain existing good instead of
going forward to better things. The elec
tion of so young a man as Boies Penrose
by the Republicans of Pennsylvania will
emphatically refute all these charges and
will reassure the public mind concerning
the future of Republicanism.
Born of young men, brought into exist
ence by the advocates of progress, the Re
publican party remains to this day the
natural party of youth, genius and patri
otism. If in some States of the Union it
seems to have fallen short of this high
character, there can be no question but
what as a National party it is still the
political organization which most closely
sympathizes with the aspirations of the
people and is most attractive to the young
and ardent patriots. This fact is felt even
in those States where for the time youth
seems to have been set aside, and Repub
licans throughout the country will unite
in extending congratulations to Pennsyl
vania upon the election of a man like
Boies Penrose to the United States Senate.
THE MONETARY CONFERENCE.
The monetary conference has had its
meeting, made Its speeches, adopted its
resolutions, appointed a committee to
carry out its schemes, adjojurned and
closed its high career. Incidentally it de
cided to ignore the present Congress and
direct its efforts to secure the legislation
it desires from the incoming one, but that
is a minor matter.
The conference did what was expected.
The resolutions declare that steps should
be taken to insure the ultimate retirement
of all classes of United States notes by a
gradual and steady process, and that a
banking system should be provided which
will furnish credit facilities to every por
tion of the country and an elastic circula
tion. This means in brief that the Gov
ernment is to withdraw all of its paper
money, and that currency of that kind
hereafter is to be issued only by banks.
The pioposal is not new. It was pre
sented to the country in an elaborate
form a few years ago under the name of
the "Baltimore plan" and was extensively
discussed at the time. Public opinion
was adverse to it then and is adverse to it
yet. It found a supporter in President
Cleveland, but is not likely to find one in
President McKinley. To carry out the
plan would entail the issue of bonds to
retire greenbacks, and the people are cer
tainly opposed to any further issue of
bonds in a time of peace.
In a recent letter Senator Sherman very
clearly expressed what is undoubtedly the
prevailing Republican opinion on the
subject. In the course of this letter he
said:
I do not sympathize with the movement
proposed to retire United States notes from
circulation. I believe it is easy to maintain a
limited amount of these in circulation with
out danger or difficulty. The maintenance in
circulation of $346,000,000 United States notes,
supported by a reserve of $100,000,000 gold,
not only saves the interest on $246,000,000 of
debt, but is a vast convenience to the people at
large. The best form of paper money is that
which is backed by the Government and main
tained at the specie standard. The absolute
security of these notes was never called in
question, after the resumption of specie pay
ments in 1879, until the reserve was being
trenched upon to meet deficiencies in current
revenue, brought about by what is known as
the Wilson tariff law of 1894.
There can be no question of the truth
of the statement that our recent monetary
troubles have resulted, not from green
backs and what Cleveland called the
"endless chain," but from a deficient
revenue, which compelled the Secretary
of the Treasury to use money from the
gold reserve to pay current expenses.
Under Republican administrations, oper
ating under Republican tariffs, we had no
troubles with greenbacks in the past, and
with similar circumstances we are not
likely to have any in the future. The
Indianapolis scheme might as well be
consigned to the obscurity into which the
Baltimore plan has fallen. The people
want none of it.
THE NICARAGUA CANAL.
It is evident the Nicaragua canal bill is
to be brought to the front at this session
of Congress, and will probably form the
next issue of importance to be considered
by the National Legislature. The dis
patches of Tuesday announced that the
bill had been considered by the Commit
tee of Rules of the House of Representa
tive!, and those of yesterday gave the fur
ther information that the Senate is appa
rently as willing to take up the question
as the House itself.
According to the reports yesterday, the
steering committee of the Senate has
decided to give the bill the right of way
in that body, Tbis puis tlie measure b?c
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 15, 1897.
ond only to the free homestead' bill, and
cives assurance that it will be taken up
without delay. There are abundant rea
sons for believing the Senate as a whole
will be as favorable to the -measure as was
tbe steering committee, and that when
the bili comes up for decision it will be
promptly passed. The consideration given
it by the House Committee on Rules
promises an almost equally favorable sup
port in that body, and therefore we may
reasonably look for the passage of the bill
by this Congress.
This is a decided change in the situa
tion. But a short time ago it was doubt
ful whether the bill would have a hearing
before this Congress at all. Now it is as
sured that a hearing will be given, and
every prospect points to a measure which
will find support in both bodies. We
should not rely, however, solely upon the
present temper of Congress. There is cer
tain to be opposition to the bill, and those
who are interested in it should be insist
ent, prompt and vigorous. in urging its
passage.
It is not necessary to repeat again to the
people of California how important this
measure is to the welfare of the State.
The subject has been gone Over many
times and every one who takes an intelli
gent interest in public affairs is familiar
with it. All that is necessary to do now
is to call attention to the crisis in the his
tory of the measure which has approached
in Congress and to urge that chambers of
commerce, boards of trade and all similar
bodies throughout California should send
petitions and memorials to our represen
tatives in Congress urging them to give
every possible assistance in promoting the
passage of the bill. -
The country has already waited too
long in dealing definitely with this meas
ure and the present opportunity should
not be allowed to pass without some
action being taken which will tend to the
speedy beginning of the enterprise and
the earnest prosecution of it to a success-
ful completion.
ON TO BAKEESPIELD.
There is something of cheer for every
Californian in the announcement that
there will soon be a revival of the work of
construction on the Valley road. The
right of way from Fresno to Bakersfield
has been secured and preparations are
now being made to begin at once the task
of grading the roadbed and laying the
rails.
It is estimated that within a few weeks
upward of 400 men will be set to work on
the extension, and the expectation is to
have the line open within three months.
There is, therefore, a bright prospect that
when the crops of the coming season are
ready for market the farmers of the San
Joaquin will have the benefit of a com
peting line all the way from Stockton to
Bakersfield.
The work of extension will not stop
when Bakersfield is reached. The new
road bears the name of San Francisco in
its title as well as that of the San Joaquin,
and its onward movement will never stop
until this City has become its western
terminus in fact as well as in name. The
rapid progress being made in the valley is
therefore an augury of a coming good lor
our merchants fully equal in importance
to what has been achieved by it for the
farmers and cities and towns along the
line from Stockton southward.
California led all the States of the
Union in railroad building last year and
there are fair prospects she will hold the
same high rank during the present one.
At any rate we are making a vigorous
start, thanks to the energetic men who are
pushing the work on the Valley road.
They have shown the world what Califor
nia can do in years of depression and can
be counted on to make an equally good
showing for the coming years of pros
perity. ■ .
PERSONAL.
J. E. McCarthy of lowa is at the Russ.
G. W. Carpenter of Yuba City is in town.
Justus Briggs of New York is at the Palace.
B.'Galloway of Walnut Creek is at the Russ.
Robert W. Dow of Scotland is at the Palace.
I F. T. Duking of Sonoma is here for a few
days. 808
. J. J. Hebbard, a banker of Salinas, is at the
Grand.
M. Elsasser of the City of Mexico got here
yesterday.
W. G. Cheney of Los Angeles arrived here
yesterday.
William D. Smith of Blame, Wash., is at the
Occidental.
C. A. Pinkham, a business man of Seattle, is
at the Russ.
A. B. Barry and wife of Fresno are guests at
the Cosmopolitan.
F. S. Harden brook of Boston is one of the
late arrivals here.
Howard Sebree of Idaho is among the ar
rivals at the Palace.
Anton Meier of Sacramento is a late arrival
at the Cosmopolitan.
G. Stewart Simons of San Antonio, Tex., ar
rived here yesterday.
T. L. Richards, who owns a stoca ranch at
Grayson, is in the City.
Judge E. B. Holland of Tulare was one of
yesterday's arrivals here.
Among recent arrivals at the Cosmopolitan
is O. B. Randall of Merced.
M. MacDougall, a wealthy business man of
Seattle, is at the Occidental.
J. A. Northway, proprietor of the Union
Hotel at Nevada City, is in town.
Samuel M. Mears, one of the well-to-do busi
ness men of Portland, Or., is in town.
E. T. Albert, a well-known citizen of Stock
ton r is registered at the Cosmopolitan.
P. A. Buell, the wealthy manufacturer, of
Stockton is on a visit here and ls at the Grand.
William McKinley. superintendent of the
Providence mine at Nevada City, ls at the
Lick.
C. Sherman arrived from Houston, Tex., yes
terday morning and is staying at the Cosmo
politan.
A. C. Dietz and family of Oakland are visit
ing Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Peirce of 502 Geary
street, in this- City.
Rabbi L. R. Farber of Spokane is at the Lick.
Ho had a number of callers yesterday from
anions* the rabbis of the City.
E. P. McCormack, one of the substantial
business men of Salem, Or., is on a visit here.
The McCormacks are old residents of Salem.
The Rev. T. C. Britton, a missionary ofFoo
chow, China, who will sail for his post oh the
Coptic to-morrow, is at the Occidental accom
panied by his wife and child.
District Attorney Charles W. O'Neil of Wal
lace, Idaho, in the widely known Cceur
d'Alene mining district, arrived here yester
day, and will probably stay in California for
several weeks. ,
Marion Ruth Benson, the 'actress, wife of
Holbrook Blinn of the Roland Reed Company,
arrived here from the East yesterday and ls
staying with Colonel and Mrs. Charles H.
Blinn at 1527 Post street.
Joel A. Fithian, a wealthy resident of Santa
Barbara, who is building a large stone busi
ness block in that city, is at the Palace. Mr.
Fithian's marriage to a daughter of the iate
W. W. Stow some time ago in San Francisco
will be recalled by many people.
John G. Follansbee, who is extensively In
terested In a very large cattle ranch In Chi
huahua and who owns a string of fast horses,
has arrived here after some time in Chihua
hua. Mr. Follansbee's interests are in connec
tion with those held in Mexico by the Hearst
estate. SSBttfißßfiflßßH
A. A. Grant and D. G. Grant, the railroad
contractors who own the water and electric
light plants at Albuquerque, N. Mex., and also
•be MIS JPWBOMftt oi : t4»v fIKSn P«lfl» i*t
portant interests at Los Angeles and else
where, arrived here from Los Angeles yester
day. They are at the Palace.
CALiFORNIANS IN NEW YORK
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 14.— the Plaza,
D. J.,Kodger; Warwick, H. Brunsnury; Grand
Unlqn, A. L. Davis; Metropole, W. F. Cordes;
Marlboro, J. 8. Templln.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
"Hang this fog.". 7.7
"What's tne matter?"
"Why, it's so thick I just walked into one of
my creditors."
Preacher — How do you like your new
mamma, Johnny?
Johnny— Oh, purty good. let a jar of plums
yistady, an' she blamed it on the hired girl.—
Cleveland Leader.
"I had a dreadful scare this morning; the
whole office force ran out into the street"
"Was the building on fire?"
••No; the janitor's dog had caught arat."—
Detroit Free Press.
Dog fancier— madam, I have all kinds
01 dogs here. Is there any particular breed
you wish? . .'- ; .'-,*■■
Old lady (who reads the papers)— Oh, any
thing that's fashionable. Lemme me see an
ocean grayhound.— New York Weekly.
Tommy— l wonder why the words is spelled
in such funny ways ?
Jimmy— 'Cause they was made in the first
place by the schoolteachers, and they made
'em that way so's they would have to be hired
to teach how to spell 'em.— Cincinnati En
quirer.
"Here's a mother writes for information how
to keep her 16-year-old son in at nights," said
the "Answers to Correspondents" man to the
managing editor.
•'Tell her to cut his hafr herself instead of
sending him to a barber," replied the editor.—
Harlem Life.
A favorite story of Sir Andrew Lusk, who
some time back retired from public life, is
that of an old Essex lady who wrote to him
after he had passed a heavy sentence on a man
for cruelty to a donkey, "thanking him in her
own name and that of all the donkeys in the
United Kingdom."— Tit-Bits.
"Mr. Diggles," said the little boy with big
ruffles on his shoulders, "I wish you would let
me come and see where you live. I want to
look at your room."
"Why, certainly. But what made you think
of that?"
"My sister s»id it was better than your com
pany, so I thought it must be something fine."
— Washington Star.
OMNIPRESENT.
Tell me, ye winged winds
That round my pathway flit,
Know ye some quiet spot
Where mortals say not "Nit"?
Tell me, ye winged winds,
Tha*. chill then straightway thaw me,
Must we forever hear
" Just tell them th at "T
Tell me, ye winged winds,
A whisper will suffice—
Know ye of no sylvan nook
Devoid of " Cuts no ice"T
Borne valley in the West,
Some lone and pleasant dell.
Where free from care and pain,
One hears not *• Wat tell "?
Tell me, thou mighty deep
Whose billows round me play,
Know'st thou a spot where folcs
Kay never "Don't get gay "T
Some Island far away
Asleep in some far lake.
Where one may never bear
Come off— you take the cake"?
And thou, serenest moon,
Ere oceanward you sink,
Didst ever note a place
Bereft of "1 don't think "T
Dost look upon the earth
Asleep in night's embrace,
And note a spot where ne'er
Is heard " Oh, close your face ** T
i/en-voi.
The winged winds, the mighty deep,
The fair moon's palest sheen,
Whispered in turn the same reply,
Alas! "Nay, nay, Pauline."
—Baltimore San.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE
A monument to Donatello, the sculptor, was
recently unveiled in the Church of San Lo
renzo at Florence, in the presence of the royal
family.
The "Laureate of Greater Britain" ls the
title which E. C. Stedman gives to Rudyard
Kipling in a recent review of the latter'snew
book, "The Seven Seas."
• Lady Henry Somerset employs two secreta
ries, who are busy ten hours a day in replying
to her correspondence, and who have to be
diligent then to keen it within bounds.
Mrs. Sala Is about to edit the much-talked-of
"Commonplace Book" of her husband. When
the work is published, the original volumes
are to be presented to the British Museum.
De Quincey, who devoted his life to the read-
ing of books, said that the greatest number of
books any one person could hope to get
through with in man's allotted time was 8500.
John L. Sullivan has had his j new side
whiskers shaved off. He admitted, with
others, that they made him look respectable;
but they also made him look old, and he
wouldn't' have It.
The coachman who drives the Queen at
Windsor, Balmoral and Osborne, and who
likewise accompanies her to the Continent, is
Thomas Sands. Thomas has been long in the
service and is a great favorite. The Queen
greets him always with a friendly "Good
day."
An international exhibition of gastronomy
and of culinary art is to take place at Vienna
in 1898, In honor of the fiftieth anniversary
ot the reign of the Emperor of Austria-Hun
gary, who, as is well known, is the most abste
mious monarch in Christendom in all matters
relating to food and drink.
Francis Goodwin is the largest individual
taxpayer in Hartford, Conn., he being taxed
upon $847,875. Next to him come Leverett
Bralnard and wife, taxed on $450,451; then
Robert Allyn, with $431,834 to pay upon; and
William H. Bulkeley, with $424,233. These
are all the citizens of the town who pay on
over $400,000.
EX-LECTURER BRYAN.
Boston Advertiser.
It is impossible for any kind-hearted person
to avoid feeling sympathy with Mr. Bryan on
account of the collapse of his lecturing enter
prise. There is no Just reason for saying cen
sorious things of him in that connection. If
his Idea that he could get $1000 each for fifty
lectures was too absurd for sane belief, he was
no more to blame for entertaining the foolish
notion than were the experienced, and pre
sumably business-like, managers, who prom
ised him that golden reward for the wagging
of his silver tongue.
The disillusionizing process Is, of course,
painful, but he appears to be bearing it like a
man, and therein deserves our respect.
• It is not strange at all that, after such an ex
perience as he had last summer and autumn,
when "all outdoors" was hardly big enough to
hold the crowds who flocked to hear him, he
should imagine that at least 1 per cent of as
many people would pay 50 cents each to hear
him lecture in great public halls. If they
really would do so his $50,000 dream would
be easily more than realized. What he has
learned, to his chagrin, is that such frantic
enthusiasm as his presence everywhere ex
cited a few months ago, Is no proof at all of a
genuine and abiding interest in him. A great
many other temporarily famous men have
learned the same bitter lesson in the game
hard school.
AN EXCELLENT ELEND.
Cincinnati Commercial Tribune.
As the New York Sun truly says, the great
est office on earth is that ol an American
President, who always preserves his Ameri
canism, and that is the kind of President the
people expect William McKinley to be. Nor
will they be disappointed. He is a man in
whom patriotism, wisdom, and knowledge of
the Nation's needs are blended in excellent
proportions, and in all* things he may be
called upon to do in his high office he will be
governed by no impulse, no thought, save
to&; toe greatest gftoa «l toe whole jseocle,
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
O. B. Lefurgey, a miner of Cripple Creek,
Colo., who recently wen **to Randsburg and
has become interested there, ts at the New
Western. He thinks there is a good show for
Randsburg to become a great camp.
•'I bought two claims there," he said, "not
because they are particularly good, at least so
far as I know, but because I wanted to be in
on the thing. The indications for gold all
around there are good. Then, too, there are
quite a number of mines that have r-ald their
way from the -grass roots. When you get
properties to do that they are pretty good.
"My idea is that it will be a great camp if
the veins go deep. There are probably 2000
people in the camp now, and probaDly thirty
O. B. LEFURGEY, Now Here, Who Gives the Latest News About Randsburg.
[Sketched from life by a "Call" artist.]
or forty a day coming In by the various stages.
It is not a wild camp, as such camps go. There
is a dancehouse and other features of that
kind, but I would call it a quiet camp.
"The hotels and restaurants are. doing a big
business, but accommodations are not high.
A man can board for $1 a day ar the best
hotol, or get board and lodging for $10 a
week.
"In connection with the principal hotel is a
big tent, which is just in the rear of the hotel.
When a man comes in and makes a plea for a
good room the landlord always says to the
clerk: 'Show the gentleman room 11.' Well,
that means that he lands him in the big tent,
which is always referred to as No. 11. In this
tent are twenty or thirty bunks, and one of
these is all a man gets who gets into the tent.
He is often in luck, too. to get that.
"I sent out and got a tent and bed of my
own and set them up there. That is the best
way to do. Then you are Independent.
"As for water in the camp it will be piped in
this week. A company has been organized
and it is piping it six miles into Johannes
burg, the new town just over the hill from
Randsburg. The company has arranged, too,
to get water down into Randsburg. I think
there will be enough for all practical pur
poses."
Mr. Lefurgey will leave on his return to the
desert camp to-morrow.
Letters From the People.
IT WAS. A QUOTATION.
Author of a Beautiful Prayer That
Aroused Attention at a Recent
Criminal Trial.
To the Editor of the San Francisco Call— Sir:
In your issue of to-day I notice in the article
in reference to Robert Hamilton, the writer of
improper letters, that the prayer or blessing
written by him is supposed by many to be
original with him. I am glad to be able to tes
tify that it is not so. 1 have in my possession
an old autograph album in which appears the
same beautiful prayer, written in 1862, nor
was it original with the person who wrote it
then, nor claimed as such. It is taken from
an old Indian legend, and was the blessing
prayed for by an Indian mother upon the head
of the Judge to whom she was pleading for
the life of her son, who had been sentenced to
death. There is a lady in San Francisco who
I think has or should have a copy of the
prayer also, it being sent to her on the occa
sion ot her marriage a few years ago.
I am glad to be able to refute the idea that a
mind capable of such sweet and holy senti
ments could stoop to the depravity of writing
obscene literature. ' Mrs. M. G. Perry.
Vallejo, Jan. 13. 1897.
FARRAGUT'S FLAGSHIP.
An Ex- Officer of the Hartford Makes a
Plea for Her Preservation,
.;'■■'; J'; January 9, 1897.
Editor of the Call— Taking advantage of this, *
my first trip to the Coast, I to-day visited
Mare Island Navy-yard. It was with no idle
curiosity that I found myself wandering
among the great battleships of the present era,
but rather as a pilgrim to do reverence to the
memory of my old commander, who fought
behind wooden walls in the days long since
passed and gone, and, It would seem, quite for
gotten by the present generation.
I was encouraged when I saw displayed the
pivot guns of the Kearsarge as well as her fig
urehead, but I looked in vain for some relic of
the old Hartford, Admiral Farragut's flagship.
Far out in the stream lay anchored two bat
tered old hulas. They might readily have been
taken for two venerable and dismantled
whalers, but there was nothing to indicate
tbat they had pursued any other calling than
that of peace.: They lay high out of water and
were fast going to decay, and yet one of those
old relics of the past was once the formidable
battleship of the heroic FarraguL My heart
grew sick at the sight, for no one could ever
have recognized her in her present plight. I
had not seen her since 1863, when she returned
from her victorious campaign on the Missis
sippi River, after having successfully passed
Forts Jackson and St. Phillips and captured
New Orleans, aided in destroying a Confeder
ate fleet, run the gun tie t at Chalmett, at
Vicksburg twice and Grand Gulf twice, en
countered the Confederate ironclad Arkansas
and on the next cruise aided in the capture
of Mobile.
I venture to say that no ship ever afloat has
passed through more desperate battles than
this same old vessel. No ship ever fought
against such appalling odds, against such an
array of heavy guns and at so short a range as
this same old Hartford, which bore the marks
in hull, ; spar and rigging . upon her return
from the Mississippi River of over 300 shots.
Surely the Government should not allow
this noble old vessel to pass out of existence
if not out of reverence for her old commander,
then as an object lesson to the present genera
tion of young officers. , Return her as nearly
as possible to her former appearance and keep
lu-*" iv toe trim slid bo**a ea toe Mississippi ,
and in Mobile Bay and thus inspire our future
commanders behind their steel plates with
some of the skill and courage of David Glas
gow Farragut. ..- A. K. Iulton",
An ex-Officer of the U. 8. S. Hartford.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS
Beakdslkv— F. G.. City. The English artist
whose work has attracted a great deal of at
tention of late years is named Aubrey Beards
ley. His address is London, Eng.
Exports— A. S., City. The value of exports
by sea from the customs district of San Fran
cisco for the year ending June 30, 1890, was
$36,876,091; 1892, $40,737,044; 1893, $30,
--376,296; 1894, $24,314,369; 1895, $24,278,
--090. During the first eight months of the
year 1896 the exports amounted to '.$16,622,
--601.
Once More That Dime— R. W., East Oak
land, Cal. In a number of issues of The Call
this department has stated that a dime of 1894 j
is worth but 10 cents unless it was minted in
San Francisco.
A Minor— G. L. T., City. Whether a father is
responsible for debts incurred by his son who
is under the age of 18 may depend upon cir
cumstances. A general answer cannot be
given to this question.
Y. M. C. A.-D. A., City.. There ls no
class in chemistry in the Young Men's Chris
tian Association .of this City. The secre
tary will on application furnish all informa
tion desired about the association.
Homestead— G. L. T., City. A person desir
ing to take up a homestead under the laws of
the United States can obtain all the informa
tion he desires on application to the land
office oi the district in which he may wish to
locate.
Teachers Who Marry— F., 1871, City. Rule
165 of the Board of Education says: "When
ever a female teacher marries her position in
the department thereby becomes vacant." A
male teacher may marry, but he does not lose
his position.
Seigniorage— J. C. 0., Sutter Creek, Amador
County, Cal. The meaning of seigniorage as
related to the coinage issue means the dif
ference between the cost ol a quantity of bul
lion and the face value of the pieces of money
minted from it.
Falling Florence, City. There area
great many preparations used to strengthen
the hair and prevent it from falling out, but
which particular kind would prove beneficial
in your case this department cannot teli. You
should consult a physician for the hair.
An Englishman's Sons— H. V. S., Sulphur
Creek Cal. If an Englishman and his wife
locate in the United States and during their
residence— in which time the father does not
become naturalized— "sons should be born to
them, those sons would be Americans by birth.
When they attain their majority those sons
may elect to become citizens of the United
States or of Great Britain.
Fraternal Organizations— L., City. The
following statistics show the numerical
standing of each of the organizations named
in the United States and Canada as taken
from the last issued reports of the supreme
bodies. In many instances there has been a
notable Increase in membership, but for
the purpose of showing the relative
strength of the various bodies having a
membership of more than 50,000 these figures
will serve the purpose: Odd Fellows
954,144; Free Masons, 935,945: Knights
of Pythias, 464.539; Ancient Order United
Workmen, 361,562; Order of the Maccabees
241,000; Modern Woodmen of America, 200
--063; Royal Arcanum, 189,161; Junior Orderof
United American Mechanics, 170,000; For
esters of America. 127,793; Knights of Honor,
107,534; Independent Order of Foresters'
100,000; Ancient Order of Hibernians of
America, 95,000; Knights and Ladles of
Honor, 81,000; Woodmen of the World, 69
--966; Knights of the Golden Eagle, 59 224*
Order of United American Mechanics, 54731 ■'
Sons of Temperance, 52, 113; American Lee, on
of Honor, 52,100. region
■ MAEIA KIP ORPHANAGE.
Annual Meeting of the Society— Elec
tion of Officers.
The annual meeting of the Maria Kip
Orphanage was held at the diocesan house
Monday afternoon, January 11. Bishop
Nichols, president of the trustees, pre
sided.
A report from the building committee
was made by its chairman, Mrs. J. C.
Johnson, showing the amounts expended
on the new editice, which is now in course
of construction on the corner of Lake
street and Beventh avenue. Mrs. Sidney
Worth, treasurer of the board of man
agers, presented her annual report, which
showed quite a balance on hand, and Mrs.
Thomas P. Woodward, the secretary, read
a report of the events of the past year,
dwelling at length upon the efforts and
work of the joint boards, whose exertions
had resulted in the erection of the hand
some building which, it is hoped, will be
ready for occupancy by the first of next
August.
The following trustees and managers
were then elected: Trustees— Right Rev.
William P. Nichols, D.D., Thomas P.
Woodward, E. H. Rixford, W. H. Crocker
and J. C. Johnson managers Miss Carrie
Gwin (president), Mrs. W. L. vVood (vice
president), Mrs. T. P. Woodward (secre
tary), Miss Mary C. Heath (corresponding
secretary), Mrs. Sidney Worth (treasurer),
Mrs. K. B. Sanobez, Mrs. George H. Buck
ingham, Mrs. P. I. Asbury, Mrs. J. B.
Milton, Miss . Maynard, Mrs. George C.
, WooawwO, j
LOWER RATES ON COAL.
Several Important Questions Considered
by the Manufacturers' and Pro
\ ducers' Association.
Tie board of directors of the Manufac
turers' and Producers' Association held
its ngular meeting in the Mills building
yesttrday. The principal subject dis
cussed was a duty on coal.
Thj resignations of Henry Crock
er and M. Mc riynn were accepted
and Messrs. Kerr and Currier appointed
a committee of two to select two men to
fill the vacancies.
Julia-i Sonntag reported that at the local
tariff convention the committee of five
had recommended a duty of 50 cents on
bituminous and 75 cents on anthracite
coal containing 84 per cent carbon or over.
He then brought forward the following
petition, signed by a large number of Cal
ifornia manufacturers:
California pays 90 per cent of all duty on
coal. We nanufacturers respectfully protest
against an** increase in duty. We and Califor
nia coal producers recommend that the pres
ent duty of 40 cents remain intact.
A resolution was adopted to send the pe
tition to the Ways and Means Committee
at Washington as a telegram through tbe
Manufacturers' and Producers' Associa
tion.
The request of a local dealer that a bill
be formulated to the effect that all goods
sent out by firms should be labeled, time
marked, wrs denied. The bill was ordered
returned to its author.
A bill wis indorsed empowering the
board of directors of the Industrial Home
for Mechanical Trades for the Adult Blind
of the State of California to fix the market
price of all wares manufactured in the
home and all wares manufactured else
where by tie non-resident beneficiaries,
and to fix tie compensation of common
laborers and all other employes at the
home whose wages were not established
in the proposed bill.
OCCIDENTAL KINDERGARTEN.
Annual Meeting; of Its Association.
Officers Elected.
The annual meeting of the Occidental
Kindergarten Association was held yes
terday at 122 O'Farreil street. The follow
ing board oi officers was elected:
President, Miss Florence Musto; first vice
president, Miss Rose Steinhart; second vice
president, Miss Annie Bremer; corresponding
secretary, Miss Jennie A. Moore; recording
secretary, Miss Minnie Hollub; treasurer,
Miss Amelia Frapolli.
Many suggestions were made for tho
work of the coming year, and it was de
cided upon that in memory of the de
ceased Mrs. Sarah B. Cooper appropriate
resolutions should be sent to the family.
The kindergarten has (thanks to its
many subscribers and friends) been
greatly benefited, and hopes for an
equally prosperous year to follow last.
San "Rafael Presbyterian Charch.
The Ladies' Aid Society of the First Presby
terian* Church will give the first entertain
ment of their proposed series next Monday
evenir.s: in the San Rafael Opera-house, when
Mrs. Frances Edgerton, now with Modjeska's
company, will give her popular reading,
'•Portia, the Perfect Woman/ The ladies
most prominent in this movement ol enter
tainments are: Mrs. W. B. Noble, the presi
dent of the society; Mrs. W. G. Corbaley, Mrs.
C. L. Robinson and Mrs. J. E. Alexander.
• — •**> — •>
French nougat and fruit glace. 905 Larkin.*
■ •—*> «
California glace fruits, 50c lb. Townsend* i.*
'•'.'"■ • — — * —
Standard patterns, highest perfection, lowest
price. Domestic office, 1021 Market, nr. 6th.*
— * — «-■ •-
Special Information daily to manufacturers,
business houses aDd public men by the Press
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery."
• — —
Husband's Calcined Magnesia— Four first
premium medals awarded. More agreeable to
the taste and smaller dose than other mag
nesia. For sale only in bottles with registered
trademark label. •
•> ♦ — »
Miss Prion (quoting)— Wise men make prov
erbs and fools repeat them.
Miss Smart (musingly)— Yes. I wonder what
wise man made the one you just repeated,
tendon Tit-Bits.
Phillips' Bock island JKxcnrslons
•Leave Ban Francisco every Wednesday, via R!»
Grande and Rock Island .Hallways. Through
tourist sleeping-cars to Chicago and Boston. Man
ager and porters accompany these excursions to
Boston, For tickets, sleeping-car accommodation!
and farther information, address Clinton Jones,
General Agent Kock Island Hallway, 80 Hon*
gomery street. San Francisco.
— —
"Mrs. Winjlow'g Soothing* Syrup"
Has been used over fifty years by millions nt
mothers for their children while Teething with per
fect success. It soothes the child, tens iheeams,
allays Pain, cores Wind Colic, regulates the Bowels
and is the best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether aris
ing from teething or other causes. For sale by drat-;.
**lsts in every pan of the world. Be sure and ask
for Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a Bottle.
*-+— |
Corona do.— Atmosphere is perfectly dry, .soft
and mild, being entirely free from the mists com
mon further north. Bound-trip tickets, by steam
ship, including fifteen days' board at the Hotel 4a l
Coronado, *S<*s; longer stay %'i 50 per day. Apply
« Sew Montgomery st., San Francisco.
- ' * — * — «
The best remedy for constipation Is Ayer's
Pills. They never fall. Have you seen Ayer's
Almanac for this year? 9E38
• — ♦ — •
She— l would marry you if I lived to be 100
years old. ..;
He— Well, I should say you wouldn't if I had
anything to say in the matter.— London House
hold Words. ,
_ NEW" TO-DAY.
That
Disagreeable
Odor
so often noticed
in warm bis-
cuits will be re-
placed by an
appetizing, re-
freshing, frag-
rance by the use
of
Jhphy
Baking Powder
• Srittmann & Bendel. Uft*. I
O dewey aco.^
PATENTS* J
~9L^F^^aasßMßraaatsMSßsgaaMasaassaas^Lfr^e-^iAa
120 MARKET.SXSjH*tt&r _FRIDAY ~ ..JiSfARY 15, 1597
AMUSEMENTS.
EazTvrrx T**r*EATE3 .— "The Old ' : testes*!."'
toirxßU :t*>;f.-<- -Kerry Gow.
Moso*oo'3 C?EBA-Hot:sE— -Land or :ie 11. i-
nigbc San."
.'JS TsiATX-a.— Chisp*.**
Trvou i isi Hccssl— -Jack and *tte Bean-
stalk."
-?-m — Hijci-Csss VaadevElA.
PrcortJ 1 * Palace.— Sahara's Refined Jlinstrels
.-laxics" Favjijox— Prot ...ra.
lee tHcris Arts f?KATr**r-» Ri>*7C— Daily at
L'algbi itreeu one block ear: St* tie Park.
=i"iBo Baths— Ba:Mn? and performances.
i'Ad.ric Coast Jockey Ctlcb.— Races to-day.
ALCTION SALES.
Ey A. L Cbess-well— Tbis day, January 15,
furniture, a: TO**J£ Larkln street, a; 11 o'clock
IT Ceas. I-iv*> A La- TiMs day. January 15,
*Ft*mltcre at salesroom, 1125 ilarkec street, ai 10
c cicck.
ty Indiaxa Arcno:-" Co--Tb!s day. January
15. Furniture, a: 104 ilarket su a: 11 o'c.oek.
Br 6rxrr*c*aj** £ Cotle— Tb:s day. January 15.
Ecrses. Envies, tuu, at 514 Brannaa street, « •'■>■
C dCCK.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Mayor Phelaa has vetoed tie plumbing ordi
nance.
Two horses and tussles were stolen by
horsetnieves yesterdar-
The Occidental Kindergarten Association
held its ic-jui: nee::ng yesterday.
Jcstlceof tie Peac* Fr-in'i H. Kerrigan will
te elected Presiding- Justice to-iay.
Coroner Hawkins held sevea inquests yester
day. Ibe majority vrere cases of suicide.
Tee Grind Consistory of California elected
officers -fesreri.-.y and closed in lull form.
Tte Ladles' Protection and Relief Society
ield its annual meeting yesterday afternoon.
Mrs. Ellen Morton's tome will not be dis
turbed tT the Supervisors for at leas: a weei.
Chief Crowley Is -sain taking steps to pro
cure a steam launch ior the nse of tne Harbor
I;!: :e.
The annual meeting and election cf officers
of the 'Cnilarea's Hospital took place yester
day ar.emoon.
Temporarily fair Friday; probably rain Jn
the afternoon and night— Alexander McAdie,
loca' fcrscast official.
Mrs. E-C Davis' appeal for electric lights
in the California Girls' Training School his
no: me; with success.
A Southern PacLSc scheme is to carry '. big
Chinese embassy to Washington and leave sts
allies oat ia the cold.
The winninz horses at Oakland Traci yes
terday were Daylight, Polloci, Eiemi, Flash
light and "Montgomery.
At Xative Sons' Hail last night tne McKeniie
Musical society cave a most successful invita
tion soiree mnsicale and hep.
The Commissioners of Gclien Gate Park are
aaxious to have a Grand Jury investigation
of pari affairs and management.
A. Lo*f, i nit from Lodi,*was bunkoed ont
of*? 130 yesterday. Hs sought the aid cf the
Harbor police to recover his money. •
The Ensemble Club, a local amateur musical
e^sniiation, gave a successful recital at the
Y. IL. C. A. auditorium last evening.
Antonio Codeglia has sued L. Gicvannini
and L Motion"; for dissoiuiion of partnership
in the coal business at 641 Valieio street ia
this City.
William A. Deane has abandoned his contest
for the office of Auditor. William. Brodenci,
the incumbent, gained ten votes in counting
14.000 ballots.
Babbi Friedlander of Oakland will deliver
the Friday-night lecture at Sherith Israel this
evening. His subject wiil he -*Tne Mission cf
Israel 10-Day."
The project cf raising a fund to erect a mon
ument to Kocert Burns will be placed beiore
the Caledonian Society this evening by promi
nent chieftains.
Elsewhere is told the story of an eight-year
old street-singer who is supporting a family at
Bishop, Injo County, and who is seeiing
means to get home.
The stockholders of the San Francisco and
San Joaquin Coal Company have tutiibrized
the board oi directors to issue bonds to the
amount of *t50»J,000.
Charges of disturbing the peace en Christ
~is eve stains: Tommy Cro*xe and J. Cer
vaate, newsboys, were "dismissed by Judge
Jo&ctimsen yesterday.
The Harbor Commissioners and tha commit*
tee appointed by the Ctamter of Commerce
will meet this morning to discuss the exten
sion of the belt railroad.
_Mrs. Grarz Bneter will see her children.
They will be taken to Agnews in the hope that
the sight of them may soothe the unfortunate
wcn&i'i sadly distraught mini
Philip Garsw. 134 Sixth street, •is stabbed i
four times las: nignt by William Kirbv, brick
layer, WO Fell street, during a tight on Mc-
Allister and Leavenworth streets.
■ The Smcreme Court has decided that there
was oa error in the trial of Frank C. Kloss and
has directed the Superior Court to fix tie day i
tor carrying out tne death penalty.
Tte Board cf Health has prepared three dCIs
for the Lesisiature which, If they pass, wiil
leave health officials almost unrestricted in
dealing with sanitary propositions.
A proposition is being considered by the Po
lice Judges ior one to hold conrt from 3 o'clock
at sight till *2 next morning to do away with
many existing causes for complaint.
Rev. if. F. Cclburn's widow yesterday a*>
plied to have cue of ter triend3 appointed ad
ministrator of her former husband's estate.
Tne request wis denied by Judge slack.
Tne board of directors ot the Manufacturers' !
and Producers' Association held Its regular
meeting yesterday and devoted much time
to the consideration ct* proposed bills for the
Legislature.
Ihe yonngest litigant who has appeared as a
plaintiff in ■ suit appealed to tte Supreme
Court is eighteen months old. The Supreme
Court has ordered a new trial- The child waa
victorious in tte trial court.
Twenty-five riveters, employes of the Pacific
Boiling- mills, at work on the Clans Spreckels
baiidia?, waited out yesterday morning be
cause the employers refused to increase the
.-wages from SO to * - 75 a day.
"• Tne British bark Elliot, from Glasgow, was
mistaken ior the foar-masted baric Swanhilda,
from Newcastle, v. S. W., with Murderer
Frank Butler aboard, last night. The Elliot
tss refused several tows and is still outside.
Notary J. J. Cooney was arrested yesterday
morning on a charge of perjury for having
sworn that te made out tha certificates of ac
knowledgment to the deeds to the Sansome
and Mission street nroperty alleged la have
been made by Senator Fair as a gift '.: Mrs.
>"ettie E. Craven. He was released on bail.
The Y. M. C. A. lightweight football ream.
with a reccrd of thirty-five games and no de
feats, win concede 20 pounds weight to the
man to-morrow afternoon and play the un
defeated Litk School eleven, that is particu
larly sore and vindictive against the Cnristian
A-soclation players on account of past jeal
ousies.
Tne Bicycle Board of Trade at Its meeting
last nignt decided against a cycle show for
February; voted S3O toward the expenses of
legal representatives from this City who will
work at sacramento for the passage of the bi
cycle baggage bill, the bicycle-stealing felony
bill and good roads, and sent resolutions to
tte Board of Supervisors asking that Califor
nia aspha".tu*r as a paving material be no
longer discriminated againxx.
"«TW TO-DAT.
TAcr
HUMORS
Pimples, blotches, blackheads, red, rough,
oily, mothy skin, itching, scaly scalp, dry,
thin, and falling hair, and baby blemishes
prevented by CtmccaA Soap, the most
effective skin purifying and beautifying
soap in the world, as well as purest and
sweetest for toilet, bath, and nursery.
(yticura
Soar la aoH threocboot tha world. " farm Dave
*.»s Ch im. i."., Scte Prop*.. Beaton, C. 4. A.
«-§- ** Host to Prcrecc Face Hsaaata." Baited free
EVERY HUMOR r Tyc?^fS^ari
MISTAKEN FOR
THE SWANHILDA
The British Bark Elliot
Came In After Night
fall.
Caused a Flutter in Police Cir
cles and Kept the Officers
on the Alert.
Boatman J.hn Carter Scared Nearly
to Death by a Man Who Sinply
Wanted a Drink.
The "unknown bark" that caused such
a flutter in police circles Wednesday
came in last night. Everybody along
the front made sure It was the Swan
hilda with murderer Frank Butler
aboard, tut when day broke the lookout
at Point Lobos made out the vessel to be
the British bark Elliott from Glasgow.
Her signal letters conid not te made out
and as the Swanhilda, although a four-
Bastes and classed as a ship, is bark
rigged, the impression gained credence
that the police would have Work to do be
fore daylight. The officer**, newspaper
men and general public were disappointed,
however, as the vessel refused a tow and
stood on and off for over twenty
hours.
She left -_-:- 12"-. July and three
months later had to put into Port Stanley
with her cargo of coal heated.* The
hatches were taken o£, .Captain Evans ex
amined the coal and at ence ordered some
of it discharged. Over 1250 tons were put
ashore and sold to the best advantage and
on November 4 the Elliott sailed again.
The captain refuse! assistance and asserts
that he will remain outside until he gets
a chance to sail in and thus save ex
penses.
Tha utmost harmony prevails between
the owners of the steamer Pomona and
the agents for the new steamer Humboldt.
Both vessels will run between here and
Eureka, but so far a3 the Humboidt i 3
concerned Max Kaiish says there wiu be.no
reduction in rates and the vessel will run
en the old schedule. The Pomona and
Humboidt have each their own regular
patrons, and no inducements could draw
a Humboidt shipper or passenger to the
Pomona, and vice versa. There is busi
ness enough on the route to keep both ves
sels going, so a rate war is not probable.
Johnny Carter, the boatman, got a
scare yesterday that he will not forget in
a hurry. Carter has a amaii shanty at the
foot of Ciay street in which he shelters
himself in bad weather while waiting for
customers. Yesterday he was sitting tnere
! watching the passers-by, when a tali, we..
--j dressed man darkened "the doorway. The
: stranger made no explanation, but walked
in ana closed the door behind him. When
; Le reached for his hip pocket Carter at
[ most had a fit and dropped en the fioor
murmuring. Please don't shoot."
Instead of shooting, the stranger pulled
out a flask of whisky and said, "Take a
drink." Carter looked a: him in .maze
ment, and finally managed to stammer
out, "No. thanks, I don't drink." Then
the unwelcome visitor took his drink and
afterward made his excuses and nis ex
planation. It appears that he and his
wife were on their way to Sausallto. The
wife was keeping watch and ward over her
lord and master, and for at least two hours
he had been unable to get a drink, even
though he* had a flask in hia hip pccket.
At the ten there was no quiet spot in
which he could get a dak without his
wife seeing him, so he took the buli by the
horns and invaded Carter's quarters. The
latter was half scared to death, but when
he heard the circumstances of the case he
forgave the man ant? told mm to come
back again and have another "nip" if
there was time before the San Kafael
sailed.
The British ship Sutlej is being turned
into a lumber vessel. See is to take a
cargo of redwood from the Sound to Cork,
and will probably be kept constantly in
the trade. All yesterday a gang of men
was at work cutting portholes in her bows,
and by Saturday she will probably be
ready for sea. From here she will go to
Tacoma and there wiil take in a big load
of dressed and undressed lumber.
The harbor police want an owner for a
small white dingy that was left under
the buixhead at" Clay-street wharf last
Wednesday night. Sergeant Mahoney
thinks it nas been stolen from some ship
by a cesei ter and abandoned when there
was no further use for it.
There is talk of amalgamation between
the Pacific Transfer Company and Mor
ton's special delivery. The latter concern
is changing ail its base of operation, and,
should it join the old company, there *3
sure to be an advance in rates. At the
present time neither concern 13 making
any money. As an indication that some
thing is in the wind and an advance in
rates is imminent Morton has called in all
his round-trip checks, and an ordinary
••single-move" check is now issued.
Captain Drisko has retired from the
steamer Czarina, and Chief Officer Sea
man has assumed control. The two men
had a difference of opinion and the mate
was dismissed. When the vessel reached
Saa Francisco DrisUo resigned and Sea
man as given command.
A. Low of Lodt has had all the expe
rience ofthe water front that he wants.
He arrived here a few days ago and met a
couple of men who taught him how to
shake dice. When the game was ever
Low was out $30 and insisted up in going
up town to eet more money. He drew
100 from the bank, and it soon went the
way of the $30. Then he appealed to the
Harbor Police and Captain Dunleavy put
detectives on the case, baft so far the
bunko men have not been found.
A very important ruling has just been
issued by the Board of Supervising In
spectors of Steam Vessel-. It is an amend
ment to rule 5, section 14. and says that
'•JS'o original iicense for lake or bay is to
be issued to any person who has not been
licensed and served at least one year as
.first class pilot or chief mate. * * *
Provided, however, that the foregoing
clause shall not apply to any person who
has served at least three years as master
on sailing vessel on waters for which ha
desires to obtain a license.
"Mates and pilots of sailing ships maybe
licensed as chief mates after serving a year
in the deck department of steamers."
A second mate, according to law, re
quires no license. But in order to protect
shippers the Chamber of Commerce has
decided to issue them to all competent
men, and in future all second mates sail
ing from San Francisco must have one of
them. The second assistant engineer of a
steam vessel must have a license. The
second mate who has co license takes the
captain's watch at night and is really mas
ter of the ship. If be gives a wrone sig
nal the engineer may lose his license, but
there is no court in the land to bring the
second mate to book. That is why the
Chamber of Commerce has decided to
license second mates.
Heretofore captains and mates have had
to renew their license every year. Ac
cording to the new law they will be exam
ined once in every fire years only. This
will be a boon to the masters and , pilots,
as it will save them the periodical journey
to the Appraiser's building.
Petroleum in California.
>ext Monday W. L. Wells of the State Mining
Bureau will deliver a lecture before the
Academy cf Sciences upon the "Petroleum
Fields of Southern California." .
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 15, 1897.
The British Bark Elliot Was Outside Last Night, and as She Did Not Show Any Signals the
Impression Got Abroad That It "Was the Swanhilda With Murderer Frank Butler Aboard.
The Latter Is a Four-Masted Bark, but as the Elliot Was Twenty Miles Away and Head
On She Could Not Be Made Out, The Picture Shows the Spreckels Tug Active
Speaking Her and Offering to Tow Her In,
TO HOLD A NIGHT
POLICE COURT
An Innovation Being Con
sidered by the Police
Judges.
One Judge Would Preside From
8 at Night Till 2 Next
Morning.
Many Cases Could Be Disposed Of at
Ones and Eaii Eoids Would
Bj Accepted.
An innovation in Police Court pro
cedure which if carried into effect will
pat an end to many causes for complaint
and will be in accordance with the pro
gressive spirit of the times is under con
sideration by the Police Judges.
The proposition is that cue of the '. not
Judges should hold court from 8 o'clock
at night till 2 o'clock in the morning
every week, Sundays excepted. That is
to say that three Judges would hold
court during the day as at present and
the other Julie would hold court during
the hours mentioned, each Judge taking
the night court in turn for a week.
In this way cases that could be easily
disposed of immediately after the arrest
of the parties would fee heard by the
Judge on the "night watch," and to that
end the Chief of Police would be asked to
ins truct the policemen making the arrest
to bring the defendant and the complain
ing witness and other witnesses before
the Judge.
For instance, a man is arrested for fight
ing on the street, the charge being either
battery or disturbing the peace. It would
be a simple matter to take a., parties be
fore the presiding Judge, try the case and
either convict or acquit the defendant.
"Drunks arrested during the afternoons
or early in the evening, and who had time
to sober up could be released without
waiting till 10 o'clock the next morning.
Other advantages would be gained by
holding the "night court" which need not
be ..-zed upon.
It is only following the custom that has
for years been in yogue in the large cities
in England and in the Eastern States,
where it haa been found to work admir
ably.
Another strong point in its favor, and
one that comes home to the Judges them
selves, is the opportunity afforded for the
accemance of bonds for the release of
prisoners. At present the Judges are
wakened from their slumbers at ail hours
of the night by friends of prisoners re
questing them to accept bonds for their
re. ease. Tne Judge on the "night watch"
would put a stop to ail this annoyance
and inconvenience to all parties con
cerned.
The Board of Supervisors three or four
years ago passed an ordinance providing
that at least one Police Court clerk should
be in attencance at the City Prison each
night from 7 to 10 o'clock to accept bonds
in misdemeanor cases. It was obeyed for
a few weeks after its passage and then tbe
old order of things went on. Two years
aeo, when the new clerks went into office,
an attempt was made to carry into effect
the provisions of the ordinance, but it
failed, as only one out of the four showed
his willingness to do his duty.
Judges Campbell and Low talked over
the proposed innovation yesterday and
both were warmly in favor of it. A meet
ing of the four Judges and Chief of Police
will probably be held to-day, when the
matter will be fully discussed and steps
taken to introduce the "night court" at
once.
The proposition has everything to
recommend it and there is 'no earthly
reason why it should not be adopted, say
its advocates.
AMATEUE3 PLATED AND SASG.
The Ensemble Club Gave a Creditable
Musicals Last Evening.
An enjoyable musicale was given in the
Y. M. C. A. Auditorium last evening by
the Ensemble Club, a local amateur or
ganization composed of the following
musicians: Miss Steile ßrinn, Miss Dora
Feldheim, Miss Kettle Wollner, Miss
Carrie Jacobs, Mrs. Sidney Liebes and Miss
Belie Zelierbach, and G. Minetti as violin
ist and L. yon der Mehden as cei.oist.
The audience was of fair size and was
made up largely of young women who
proved heartily in accord with the per
formances rendered.
The Ensemble Cub has been organized
three years. It gave its first recitai last
year.
Following is the programme that was
successfully rendered at its second recital,
the one of last evening:
Violin and piano senate in C major, op. 13,
Lento Dolorosa, allegro vivace (Grieg), Miss
Stella Brian and Mr. Minetti: (a) "Where the
Lindens Bloom" (Bcci), (6) "The Two Grena
diers" (Schumann}, Herbert £. Medley; trio in
F major, op. IS, andante, allegro vivace
(Salnt-Saens), Miss Dora Feidheun, Messrs.
Miaetti and Yon der Mehden; cello and piano
sonate in D major, op. IS, second movement,
moderate* assai (Roubinstein), Mls3 He ttie
If oilßer and Mr. yon der Mehden; (a) "Maids
of Cadiz" (Delibis), (6) "Midnight Dreams
(d'Hsrdelo*,). Miss Lillian Goodman; trio in D
minor, op. -19, andante con nioto tr&nqctllo,
finale assai appassionato (Mendelssohn*), Mrs.
Sidney Lie be?, Messrs. Minetti and Yon der
Menden: MUs Lillian Goodman as soprano
and Herbert E. Medley as barytone, assisted
by the club.
ME. ABEL'S DEATH.
The Relatives Scout the Idea of Suicide.
An Autopsy to Be Held to Deter-
mine the Cause of the Demise.
The Coroner summoned a jury to inYe-*
--tigate the case of George A. Abel, the
grain insnector of the Produce Exchange,
who was found dead in his room in his
residence on Pace street, ear. yesterday
morning. The family is very desirous of
establishing the fact that Mr. Abel aid
not commit suicide, hat that death re
sulted from heart disease, and that the
gas Sowing from two open jets was a cir-
cumstance, and not the main cause. It
was decided to hold an autopsy on the
body to determine whether illuminating
-as or heart disease was- the cause of Mr.
Abel's death.
Speaking of the sad occurrence last
night Mrs. Marguerite Dun nig an, daugh
ter of the late Mr. Abel, was anxious to
have it known that every circumstance
known to the family- militates against tbe
theory of suicide. She said that 'on Mon
day night her iatner complained of pains
in his heart, and on the fatal night was
probably stricken by an acute attack. His
finders were found scratched, as if in
attempting to light the gas in a hurry
they had become entangled in the old
fashioned fixture. The window and door
of the room, she stated, were found open.
indeed, the door catch was defective and
would not close.
Both Mrs. Dunnigan and a friend,
Robert Geistilcb, united in stating that the
recent ma:- of the former was entirely
approved by Mr. Abel. Mr. Geistiich
added that Mr. Abel had teen talking
fayly on the day preceding his death to
Mr. Bates of the Commercial News, saying
that he intended going to Port Costa on
the following day.
WANTS HIS BABY TO DIE.
How an Unwelccme Little Life
Is Passing Out From
Squalor.
A Strange Scene in a City Residence
Invaded by Poverty, Sickness
and Despair.
In a squalid and stuffy little room of a
humble structure in the rear of 742 Howard
street last evening was enacted such a
scene as might have been described in the
pages of Dickens.
A small stove overheated the room,
which contained three wooden chairs and
the stove and little else. Before the stove
sat a middle-aged woman. In her moth
erly arms was an emaciated, gasping in
fant, seemingly near death.
"Darline," said the woman, as she bent
over the child.
Opposite her stood a rather spare but
weil-Knit man, who looked at the feeble
movements of the seemingly dying child
with aDparent indifference.
An officer of the Society lor the Preven
tion of Cruelty to Children, Mr. McMur
ray, entered, and was closely followed by
a reporter. Tue officer had heard of the
dying child and bitter complaints had
been made by neighbors concerning the
treatment of the little sufferer.
"He does not want it," said the woman,
looking at the erect man, "he wants to
get rid of it."
- The man made no response. The breath
of the infant came Quieter, like one strag
gling np a hill, but the baby was too feeble
to emit a cry.
"Want to get rid of it?" echoed the
officer in astonishment. "How is that?"
The man doggedly said that he did not
want the child because he had no money
to support it with and no work.
"He gets a pension," said the woman,
■19 and some odd cents."
"That i 3 no: so," said the man angrily,
"there are no odd cent.-."
"I only know by the pension papers,''
said the woman with weariness, moving
the dying baby nearer to the fire and look
ing np as a shadow fell into the room and
another child, perhaps 3 years old, toddled
joyously in from another room, equally
squalid, and stood looking with childish
curiosity at the feeble struggles and pallid
face of his dying little brother.
"•Hasn't the doctor been here?" asked
the officer. *
"No; I toot the baby to the free clinic
when it was not so sick, and the doctor
told me what to do. Jem doing what he
told me to."
She paused a second and then broke out
with sudden energy, nodding at the
youthful spectator, "fie wants that child, I
but he doesn't want this."
The breathing of the baby changed and
the mother looked at it, not quickly but
wearily. "Oh, it seems as if ' I have never
had any comfort since this child was
born," and her accents were sadder than
tears. Of tears not one fell from her doll
eves.
'Later the officer tried to get a physi
cian for the baby, but its unwelcome
little life can hardly be saved.
The name of the man is Schmalbe. He
was once a Union soldier. ,
Trunks Moved 33 Cents.
Commercial Transfer Company, 43 Sutter st.
lei. main 43. Furniture moved reasonably,"
BURNS' MEMORY
TO RE HONORED
Prominent Scots Preparing
to Raise a Monument
Fund.
The Project to Be Placed Before
the Caledonian Society
This Evening.
Chieftains Discuss the Matter at a
Gathering of the Executive
Committee.
The movement to erect a monument to
the great Scotch poet, Robert Burns, in
this City has at .ast taken definite f^rm,
and me first gun will be fired at the meet
ing of the Caledonian Society which will
be held this evening.
Since the project was first broached at a
banquet some weeks ago the utmost in
terest nas been manifested in it, and offers
of assistance have come from all sides.
The matter was talked over last evening
at a meeting of the executive committee
of the society. The gathering took place
in the office of D. P.. McNeil at Central
Pack, and there were present in addition
to Mr. McNeil First Chieftain John Reid,
Second Chieftain George Davidson and
Third Chieftain and Secretary James H.
Duncan. The advisability of putting the
matter before the society was discussed at
length, the opinion of all being that the
only thing necessary to make the project
a success was to let the public know that
definite steps had been taken.
Mr. McNeil stated mat he had no doubt
that the movement would spread like
wildfire once it was started under the
proper auspices.
"1 know that the public highly approves
of it," he continued, "because dozens have
come to me since it was first spoken of
and offered to aid in raising the necessary
money. They are not all Scotchmen
either, but come from every nationality.
All express an ardent desire to see a monu
ment raised to the memory of the man by
whose poetry they have been moved.
"One Spanish gentleman told me that
he would gladly contribute, and many
Americans have spoken of their willing
ness to come forward with financial aid.
I have not the slightest doubt that the
society will take the matter up and push
it to a* successful conclusion.
I Chieftain Reid spoke in a similar vein.
i He told the committee of the monument
to Burns that was recently raised in his
native town of Delry, in Scotland, and
, expressed a belief tbat the necessary fund
- could be procured within a very short
: time if the proper steps were taken.
Chieftain Duncan added several sugges
tions as to the proper methods to pursue
in raising a fund, after expressing a belief
that it would only be necessary to let the
public Know where it could leave ita con
tributions, to have it come forward spon
i taneously.
The secretary stated that the Scottish
Hal Association had just declared its
usual annual dividend, and that the
organization was in a prosperous con
: dition. .
THEY WANT ELEOTEIOITY.
Plans for a Better Light System at the
Girls' Training Home,
The second annual meeting of the Cali
fornia Girls' Training School was held
yesterday afternoon.
The president, Mrs. Davis, addressed the
meeting on the subject of electric lights.
She said there had never been any com
plaint, but tallow candles are a very un
satisfactory means of lighting np the
home. Electric lights could for a very
nominal sum De put in, and the improve
ment would be well worth the expense.
Donation! were then in order, and
the enthusiastic ladies contributed enough
for quite a number of lights before they
stopped.
Mrs. J. S. Norvell, who at one time was
connected with the Baptist Chinese Mission
of this City, made an address on "Why
we should work for the girls." "We,"
she said, "represent the Christian women
of this City, and if we don't do the work
who will?" Her address was moat Inter
esting. ;
Baseball Games.
The Alerts accepted the challenge of the
Indian Baseball Club to play at Central Park
January 24.
Sunday next at the Presidio Athletic
Grounds the following games will be played:
10 a. *.. California Market vs. the Owls; 12
M., Ur.tton <£ Eeya vs. H. S. Crocker «i Co. ; 2
p. m., Evening Post vs. Railroads.
CASTORIA
For Infants and. Children.
tail* Six S/tr* „ •* *•
Utosznf J^ j/Im/-T# A J? s-ssrrj
TO CELEBRATE
RAILROAD DEFEAT
The Committee of Fifty
Calls for a Big Mass-
Meeting.
Grand Jubilee Over the Death
of the Funding
Bill.
Metropolitan Hall Will Be Filled Sat
urday Evening— Fireworks,
Sengs and Oratory.
The Committee of Fifty has decided to
call a mass-meeting to celebrate the de
feat of the funding bill. The meeting
will be held on Saturday evening in
Metropolitan Temple. A committee of
three, consisting of George K. Fitch,
James D. Phelan and LJ. Truman, was
appointed yesterday to invite the Governor
to preside.
There will be bands, fireworks, a quartet
of singers, cartoon drawing on the stage
and general Jubilation.
The following gentlemen have been in
vited to address the meeting:
Hon. E. W. McKinstry, Congressman-elect
de Vries, Streeter Franei, ' Hon, George A.
Knight. Hon. John T. Doyle. Hon. Adolph
Sutro, Hon. H. M. La Rue, L J. Truman, Mayor
James D. Phelaa, Walter HeArth-ox, W. p..
Davis, Hon. Henry E. Highton, Robert Y.
Hayne, Hon. L. D. McKisick, lon. M. M.
Estee, Hon. W. T. Jeter, James H. Barry, Dr.
C. A. Clinton, M. '.. Bunker, Hoc. Frank
Coombs (Speaker of the Assembly), Hon. W.
W. ;te.
The -call for the mass-meeting by the
Committee c: Fifty reads as follows:
To the People 0/ the State of California: On
last Monday the House of Representatives at
Washington, hardening to the petitions which
had been seat to Congress by the people of
Caiiiornia, by the Legislature an - other pub
lic bodies of this commonwealth, refused to
pass a bill refunding the Central Picific debt.
This action o: Uangress should, in a formal
and fitting manner, he acknowledged by the
people. j
Em committee of fifty, which was appointed
at a -public meeting in Metropolitan Temple
at San Francisco. December 7, 1395, to carry on
'.ne campaign against the refunding .-.posi
tion presented by the railroads, also desires to
make an account of their stewardship to the
people, from whom they derived their author
ity and In whose interest tney have labored.
-It is also an occasion of great rejoicing, be
cause the defeat of that nefarious measure
foreshadows the freedom of the people of tnis
commonwealth from the transportation
slavery to v.-;..-. they have been subjected.
The Central Pacific Railroad was built by
public funds for tne public benefit, but its
great and beneficent objects have been per
verted until California finds herself paralyzed
in commerce ana trade by the exactions and
disloyal policy oi its managers. These vicious
and shortsizhted methods of which we com
plain have emanated from one source, which
is i.imiiiar to you all.
The attempt made recently by this proposed
legislation to perpetuate for several -renera
ttons such a po.icy has rightfully been the oc
casion of public a. arm, and we now
desire, ._ the hour of deliverance, to
make a formal demonstration in or
: der that our own people may cele
brate the victory, which is bound to have a
lasting influence upon the prosperity of Cali
fornia, and also to show to our Eastern friends
I and supporters that we deeply appreciate what
i they have done for us, and thai the Congress
of the United states may be informed that the
people of this City and State are alive to their
interests and alert to defend their rights.
Therefore we call upon you to meet for these
purposes in Metropolitan Temple next Satur
day evening, January 16, at S o'clock, and
trust that as Metropolitan 1 rights and your
eTenir***, Jaunary 16, at 8 o'clock, and
t that as you value your rights and your
liberties you will not be slow to show your ap
preciation of the heroic services of your repre
sentatives in Congress. Come one and aIL
CASING FOE LITTLE ONES.
Children's Hospital and Nurse** Train
ing School Prepare for Another
Tear of Good Work.
At the Children's Hospital yesterday
afternoon the annual meeting and election
of officers took place.
Mrs. Wiilard B. Harrington, the presi
dent, delivered a neat address, in the
coarse of which she said: "The new year
opens for us bright with promise, and I
trust these anticipations may be fully re
alized and that the Children's Hospital
and Training School may excel this year
its past record for humane and philan
thropic work. Friends responded to our
appeals, our necessities were provided for.
Thus it h33 been since oar hospital was
established, and I have faith to believe it
will be so long as the work commends it
self to kind and humane hearts."
At the election of officers the following
were chosen:
President, Mrs. Wniard 3. Harrington; first
vice-president, Mrs. William Hardy; second
vice-president, Mrs. John F. Merrill; treasurer,
Mr*. F. H. Green; conesDocdirtirt secretary,
Mrs. Will. P. Shaw; recording secretary,
Mr^\L. L. Dunbar; board of managers Mrs.
Willard B. Harrington, Mrs. William Hardy,
Mrs. John F. Me.-rt.i. Mrs. F. H. Green, Mrs.
William P. Shaw, Mrs. L. L. Dunbar, Mrs. J. H.
Dickinson. Mrs. M. H. Logan, Mrs. Charles E.
Green, Mr?. George F. Grant, Mrs. Henry
Bothin, Mrs. Ignatz Steinhart, Mrs. F. A.
Frank. Mrs. James W. Kerr, Mrs. W. F. Fonda,
Mrs. Wendell Zas*on. Mrs. H. Datard, Mrs. H.
M. Ftsie, Mrs. S. K. Waiter. Mrs. Fannie Lent,
Mr«. X. D. Hideout, Mrs. Rolla V. Watt. Mr*.
Bobert Oxnard. Mrs. R. T. Holmes. Mrs. John
Miller, Mrs. George Beaver; trustees F.
Merrill, H. L. Dodge, W. F. titer, W. J.
Dutton, John Taylor; legal advisers Sheldon
JEEW to-pat:
Do you get the right tea ?
. Do you make it right ?
Directions in the package
of Schilling s Best. If you
don't like it, your grocer re-
turns your money in full.
A Schilling & Company
San Francisco 509
' '
HEW TO- 1. AT— AMTTSEMEST3w'
MECHANICS' PAVILION.
APPLAUDED TO THE ECHO! — -
TO-NIGHT ! TO-NIGHT !
PROFESSOR 0. R. GLEiSOX.
KING OF HORSE-TAMERS, ,V
Will Give a Third Lesson to the Wild
LAWSUIT.
He Will Also Handle
— ~TXG-E3E-l XX2VX-
And Two Thoroughbred Runaways.
Music by Golden Gate Military Band.
ADMISSION —25 CENTS.
THE CHUTES.
Saturdays and Sundays from "Soon till Midnitrht
Special! Sunday Afternoon and Evening,
BRISTOL'S HORSE CIRC I
Admission 10 Cent*. Children. 5 Cents.
COSMOPOLITAN CHURCH,
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE,
Sermon— "The Religion of Humanity—
A Substitute for Theology." 7
"■ Doors open Snnda-.* evening, 7 :15 o'clocic Rev.
[ HAROLD BOLCE, Paaior. sittings tra*. (
kew to-dat:
i A Lost Voice. I
c Advertising will do a great '$
. X many things, but it won't bring fj
v about the return of a lost J)
r voice. The best thing to do {
$■ is to begin, at once, the use of (
v the sovereign cure for all affec- /
(['. tions of the throat and lungs — J>
,'; Eronchitis, Asthma, Croup, <<
v Whooping Cough, etc. It has <?
C a reputation of fifty years of ,}
) cures, and is known the world •<
J over as »
I AVER'S I
I Cherry Pectoral. I
G. Kellotrsr. Giles E. Gray: clerk. Miss D. Sh at
tack; auditors— Mrs. William Hardy, Mrs. I_
L. Dunbar; resident physician, Alice at.
Woods, M.D.: superintendent of nurses. Miss
EvaPenewell; matron, Mrs. M. K;D*?elber*re-;
drnsgist. Miss J. E. Barbette; surgery, BeTerlr
McMcnajrie. M.D. ; diseases of women, L. M. F.
Waitzer, D.: medical and surgical diseases
of children. Emma Sutro Merritt. M.D.; ortho
pedic -ureer-*. H. M. Sherman, M.D.; ere, ear
and throat, W. E. Hopkins, M.D. ; obstetrics,
Charles A. Ton Hoffman. M.D. ; contagious
diseases, W.B. Lewitt, M.D.
— : • — • — • •
Both Arm* Were Broken.
A. HeWsteck. whose calling- is that of wash.
ing windows about the City. fell bom his lad
-1 der yesterday at 10 Sutter street. The unfor
: innate man was cared for at the Eeceiving
Hospital, where it was found that both hia
I arms were fractured.
« •> » ■
Dr. Voorsanger's Lecture.
Di viae services this evening at the Temple
Emanu-El commence at 7 A*. Dr. Voorsanger
will lecture on the 'ol"ovrint** subject, "Dead
Men Tell Bo Tales." The community is cor
; dially invited to attend.
•aTJTW TO-DAT-AMTTSEarEjrrSL
TVUMDUOVTIOCai c?* LtaMA.*«n«»jaJ*"
LAST "j LAST
THREE ! MATINEE
NIGHTS I TO-MORROW
The Favorite Irish Comedian,
JOSEPH MURPHY
In the Greatest of All Irish Dramas.
"SL IE jFL "Ft. TT <3r C*> *V"~7 ! ''
THE CALE CEATS X HE
a O OF V FOR *
FIRST WEEK OF
Chas. H. Yale's Grand Spectacle.
jiEHI/S Ai^TJOT
*~ is NOW GOING ON.
EVERYTHING NEW BCT THE TITLE.
Engagement b^ztr.s next Monday evening.
. —
BALDWIN THEATER.
AiiUTKxxaCa (Incorporated) rtopnaw: i
LAST 4 TIMES
DEN MAN THOMPSON'S FAMOUS PLAT,
nruir j TO-NIGHT
1 rill SATURDAY .MATINEE
[ SATLRDAY NIGHT
/-NT T-V ' and SUNDAY NIGHT
HOMESTEAD
Tuesday Ev'-r. Jan. 10 I 2NTOK.3DICA
Thursday Eva, Jan. 21 OPERATIC
Sat. .Matinee, Jan. 23 ; CONCERTS
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
liaibEiisTix* KaxxnT**. Proprietor Jiilauji.*
THIS EVENING
THE HIT, '-ALL OVEIt TOWN."
THE SECOITO EDITION
Ot Onr Triamo jant Holiday Spectacle,
JACK AND THE BEANSTALK.
SONGS.
VT? ITT DANCES.
-> £. » BALLETS.
SPECIALTIES.
THE DANCING COW.
The Growing Beanstalk. Electric Janissaries.
THE "A REAL BALLET: *'
"WHAT WILL THEY SPRING ON **J3
NEXT? - '
BRING THE CHILDREN.
SECURE YOUR SEATS IN ADVANCE.
Popular Prices 25c and 50e
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WALTER MOROSCO... SoIe Lessee and MAaa^a*
MAGNIFICENT PRODUCTION
Of the Thriliinz Icelandic Melodrama,
LAM OF THE MIDNIGHT SUN
A SPECTACULAR PLAY. COMBINING
PATHOS AND COMEDY.
Reappearance of JOHN J. PIERsoN la Bis
original Character of "JASON OHBT."
Volcanic Eruptions and Earthqnazes!
Wonderful Aurora BoreaUa!
F. renins Prices— l«c, "J.*** and *t.*»ti.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
O'Farrell Scnec Between Stoctton and Po-»kL
ATTRACTIONS EXTRAORDINARY.
fuiocs 'royal irifiiwlii orw orcbestbli,
Under the Direction of P. K. Matns. the Moat
Famed Clarionet Virtuoso in All Europe.
The Latest European Novelty, LIEUTENANT
NOBEL, Germany's Greateit Veßtrti.oo.oist.
Continued aacceaaof NILSSON'S AERIAL and
KIRALr GRAND OPERA BALI..
And the Greatest of Vaudeville Artists
Last Week of Chaa. Wayne and Anna CaldwelL
Keserved seats. 25c; .Balcony, 10c; uper*-
and box-seaia. 50c.
The Royal Hungarian Court Orchestra will ap-
pear in concert in the Orphenm Annex after tha
regular performance in the auditorium.
A I n A 7 A S? I The Big-areat Event
Al |ill/uK in the history of
fllwWfjfaMli i this favorite theater
JUST LIKE OLD TIMES!
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
obcis*-**-**-^ :
Sawmill worked by a mountain stream. Realism
of scenic art in -Death Valiey" and -The Moun-
i tain Gor-re" scenes. Enormous sscceis of Oeorz9
Osbonrne as '-Injun Jack." Hago Toiani as -Zeita
Stevens'" aad the Clever Company.
Regular Prices. Phone for seats— Black 991
PEOPLE'S PALACE.
COMMENCING MONDAY. JAN. 11.
Saturday and Sandav Matinees.
Bit Ovation: Great Success:
DARKEST AMERICA,
HAIUm KEFtfED USRWI
33 COLORED ARTISTS 1 33
Headed by the Only
BILLY **f -0-UI--TG-:
Parade at Noon Daily 10c, Me, 30c.
DACING! RACING: RACINGI
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLCB
WINTER MEETING, 1396-*97.
Beginning Monday. Jan. 11, to Jan. - i. Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racing Monday. Tuesday. Wednesday, ,
'lhursday, Friday and Saturday.
Kainor -bin*?.
FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAT.
Races Start at 2; 15 P. M. Sharp—*
Ferry Boats leave --an Francisco a: 13 it and
12 *30. 1 .00. 1 *30. 2:00. 2:30 and 3 P. x.. connect-
ing with trains stopping a: -- entrance to trade
Buy your ferry tickets to sbell . und.
Returning— Trains leav* tba Track at 4:13 and
4:45 r. m. and Immediately after tie .ait race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS J R, President.
. B. B. MILP.oV. secretary. .-
SUTRO BATHS.
Open Daily Prom 7 A. »1. to 6 P. 31.
Bathing, Including Adml^ion- Adults;
25*. Children sot
General Admission. lOc: Children, 3c.
Il'G : OP- WAR NEXT SUNDAY.
78
CRIMINAL CHARGES
IN THE FAIR CASE
Ex- Notary James J. Cooney
in Custody on a Charge
of Perjury.
All the Parties Making the Fight
for Mrs. Craven May Be
Arrested.
Charles L. Fair Becomes Aggressive
and Interest in the Fair Litigation
Takes a New Spurt.
Ex-Notary J. J. Cooney was arrested
yesterday morning on a charge of perjury.
The charge is based upon his deposition
in the Craven ejectment suit, in which he
declared that James G. Fair personally
appeared before him to certify to the
Craven deeds on September 27, 1894, and
that he (Cooney) made out the certificates
and attached them to the deeds on that
day.
The arrest did not come as a surprise to
those who have followed the ramifications
of tbe "Fair will case," tor the attorneys
for the heirs have hinted frequently of
their intention to make such a move,
Cooney himself declares he was not sur
prised, as he was given to understand that
something of the kind was in the air.
The warrant was issued Wednesday
evening by Judge Carroll Cook.
It was turned over to Captain Lees,
who detailed Detectives Seymour and
Reynolds. They serve*! it upon Cooney
at 8 o'clock yesterday morning. He was
taken to the City Prison, and at 10 o'clock
before Judge Cook, who read the ion*
complaint and advised him of his rights.
The matter then went over until 2 o'clock
in the afternoon, Cooney not being repre
sented by counsel. In the afternoon At
torney Patrick Reddy appeared for Cooney,
and W. W. Foote was present on behalf of
Nettie R. Craven— to look after her inter
ests. Judge Cooney, the father of James
J. Cooney, was also present.
District Attorney Barnes represented the
people, supported by Attorneys Knight & i
Heggarty and Reuben Lloyd.
Mr. Reddy stated to the court tbat he
was not familiar with the circumstances,
and with this consideration the case was
carried over until Monday morning at 11
o'clock. The bail was reduced from $10,
--000, as named in the warrant, to $5000,
and later in the day it was furnished.
The complaint on which the warrant
was issued was drawn up by District At
torney Barnes and sworn to by Charles L.
Fair.
Ii tells the long story of the Fair liti
gation; how Nettie R. Craven sought to
establish her right and title to the two
pieces of property, one located on ban
some and Fine streets and the other on
Mission ami Eleventh streets, by present
ing two deeds purporting to have been
made in her favor by James G. Fair. At
tached to these deeds were certificates ol
acknowledgment bearing the signature
and official stamp of James J. Cooney as
notary public and the date of the alleged
acknowledgment, September 27, 1894.
The deposition of Notary Cooney in the !
suits in ejectment brought by Mrs. Craven
to recover possession of the property was I
taken before Notary Public Charles W.
Smyth, December 11, 1896, and afterward
December 21, 1896. Cooney in both In
stances, it is set torth, swore that Senator
Fair did personally appear before him on
the 27th day of September, 1894, and as
he, Cooney, made out and signed the two .
certificates of acknowledgment which !
were attached to the deeds, he, Cooney, j
"well knowing this statement to De false i
and untrue, did willfully commit perjury."
The deposition taken December 21 was I
conducted by George A. Knight in the !
offices of Knight & Heggarty. The wit
ness was questioned minutely, and over I
and over again, as to the paper he had i
used in making these certificates, where !
he purchased it. and why he had pur- j
.chased it when at the time be had other :
blank certificates wherein his name was ]
printed.
The witness could not tell at what sta- I
tionery store he bad bought the blanks j
but said that he frequently used blanks j
other than those having his name printed
in them, upon his patron's request. The
lower edges of the certificates were |
clipped off. Tie witness was asked why j
he did this and his answer was that they
were too. wide to conform to the size of |
legal can and that he clipped them to j
make them conform.
These are the points upon which.it is
understood, the prosecution for perjury is
based. It is alleged by the attorneys for
the heirs and for the estate that the
answers do not meet the facts; that the
certificates are really not as wide as legal
cap by fully an inch, and that clipping
the lower edges would certainly not help
the matter. The real purpose of clipping
the lower edges, they say, was to cut off
the name of the printer of the blank and
the number of the issue, that carries with
it the date of the issue. -
They claim to bave discovered the
identity of the printer and the date of the
issue through the water mark in the
paper, which first disclosed the manu
facturer of the paper. They claim to be
able to prove that the paper was not in
existence at the time tbat Cooney swears
he used it as a certificate of acknowledg
ment, September 27, 1894. They claim to
have proof of all this.
Expensive experts have been working
over the deeds for months at the in
stance of Charles L.Fair and his attor
neys, and it is irom them that the lawyers
claimed to have received their cue in
these particulars, but they say they will
be able to make out their case without the
aid of experts.
District Attorney Barnes claims to have
every confidence in the case as stated. He j
has prepared two other complaints, charg- |
ing perjury, based upon Cooney's com
plaints against Charles Fair for damages.
Fair, it will be remembered, declared
the deeds to be forgeries and in a news
paper interview charged Cooney with per
jury. Cooney then brought suit for
damages tor this alleged slander, in which
he repeated the statement as to his having
made the certificates on the date named.
These affidavits form the basis for the
other two charges of perjury.
Mr. Cooney was complacency itself
yesterday through all these circum
stances. •
"I was not surprised at my arrest," he
said. "I have understood there was some
thing in the wind for some time. I saw
the detectives pass the house last evening,
and immediately surmised what was
tip. I don't understand why they have
delayed so long, however. This first
deposition was taken six or seven months
ago. The second deposition was taken
about two or three weeks ago. I testified
to the same thing in regard to the appear
ance of Senator Fair before me in the sec
ond deposition as I did in the first.
"I can't see," he continued, "why they
should prefer such a charge against me at
this time, seeing that the case is set for
two weeks hence. I can see no other
cause for my arrest than to injure me and
my reputation. The last deposition was
taken merely for the purpose of. covering
the second deposition, and there is no ex
cuse in so much delay and in letting so
long a time intervene in preferring the
charges.against me. , I still Reiterate the
matter in both depositions."
Mr. Cooney was released on bonds fur
nished by his mother, Mrs. M. Cooney,
and John Higgins. Higgins owns a hotel
on Broadway, between Sansome and Bat-
terv.
Ii is broadly hinted that other arrests
will follow between this and the date of
the trial of the ejectment suits two weeks
hence. It is claimed by attorneys
in the case that all the parties
in interest and all the principal witnesses
in those suits will be arretted, including
Mrs. Elzabeth Hnskins, Stephen R.
Roberts, George R. Williams and John G.
Barker.
Mrs. Haskins, Mrs. Craven's friend, they
say will be charged with perjury and
uttering a forgery. She has testltied that
she saw Senator Fair hand the deeds to
Mrs. Craven; that she was present when
Senator Fair wrote the pencil will, and
asked him if he had made provisions in it
for Mrs. Craven; that he drew from his
pocket the deeds, saying, "I have provided
for her in another way."
On this testimony it is the plan of the
attorneys for the heirs to prosecute Mrs.
Haskins for perjury on this testimony and
also for ''utter a forgery"— is, of
-accrediting a paper knowing it to be a
forgery.
Stephen R. Roberts is tbe confidential
friend of and has power of attorney from
Mrs. Craven. He and George R. Wil
liams, attorney, put the deeds on record
and for that they are to be prosecuted for
"uttering a forgery." 7
John G. Barker is a new figure in the
play.* He is said to have assisted the others
in various ways and he may be prosecuted
for conspiracy. It is also hinted
that there is a plan to finally
arrest Mrs. Craven— so that all the par
ties contending for the validity of the
Craven deeds will very likely be under
bonds to answer some charges hanging
over them in the criminal court when the
contest for the property which Mrs.
Craven cleims is tier own, through gift
from Senator Fair, shall come on ior trial.
Captain Lees, while speaking with con
fidence of the proof in the Cooney case,
said yesterday:
"So Jar as I know there are no more
warrants to be issued and the whole affair
should rest where it i«.
THE S. P. AFTER DIGNITY
All the Other Railroads to Be
Left Lonesome in the
Cold.
A Chinese Embassy 0! S.x'y High and
Accredited o. finals Due Here
in a Few Weeks.
In a few weeks there is to leave Hong
kong a distinguished company of sixty
high Chinese officials, draped in yellow
gowns and decorated with nodding
feathers of various but not less variegated
degree than the imperial peaccck plumps.
This embassy, its feet encased in gondola
si.aped shoes, its figures willowy in flow
ing silken robes and kowtowing right and
left on land and sea, is coming to take
possession of the Celestial quarters main
tained at Washington, D. C, to represent
the power of the Chinese empire and the
dignity of the Manchu dynasty.
There will be a great retinue of servants,
body-guards, secretaries, cooks, hair
dressers and chopsticks, all of whom must
also be transported to Washington to
grace the incoming of William McKinley,
the advance agent of prosperity, in the
rear of the kowtowing high officials.
This is said to be a plan of Mark Hinna's.
The present representative of the Mauchu
dynasty at Washington is to take his turn
as Embassador at the court of St. Peters
burg to baggie with Nicholas as to the
number of square miles of China that is
to be added to the large section of Oriental
earth over which the Czar is still Czar.
Nicholas may learn a trick or two in
railroad transportation manipulation for
use on the great Siberian line, when it is
spiked into Vladivostock, by a pleasant
little competition that is now going on
among American railroads for the honor
and profit of carrying the distinguished
Chinese delegation from San Francisco to
Clevelandville, McKinley County, D. C.
As to particular information Nicholas
may get it by applying to Li Hung Chang
and one Colli? P. Huntington, late of
Washington, D. C, and Caliiomia.
Some time ago the Southern Pacific and
the Central Pacific railroads, and the
Eastern lines running out oi Ogden, united
in the establishment and maintenance of
a harmonious oriental agency at Yoko
hama, in the Flowery Kingdom. T. D..
McKay, an experienced railroad agent,
was made chief of the oriental bureau", the
object of which is to turn the tide of
passenger and freight traffic to America
via San Frsncisco and the California coast
as much from via Brindisi and the Suez
Canal as possible, and more from the
Union Pacific, Northern Pacific, Great
Northern and Canadian Pacific lines to the
north, and on the Columbia River and
Puget Sound.
Mr. McKay, who is stationed at Yoko
hama, with transportation on anything
and everything that floats on the Yellow
Sea, is awaie of the approaching trip of
this imposing array of Chinese officials
and is doing his best to route them in ac
cordance with the general plan so that all
the railroads will secure a share of the re
ceipts. It was intimated yesterday, and
quite accurately, that the expense of the
trip of this embassy from Hongkong to
Washington, D. C, including first-class
sleepiiig-car and . other accommodations
from San Francisco, will be fully $10,000,
which is a neat sum to pick up any day,
even by a railroad.
It transpired yesterday that the elusive
Southern Pacific Company has gone on a
still hunt for this $10,000 bag of business.
The aim is to route the Chinese embassy
over the "Sunset Limited" from San Fran
cisco to New Orleans. This would not
only be a considerable advertisement for
the "Sunset Limited" through the em
bassy traveling in state, but Mr. Hunt
ington's active agents would be able to
turn into the Huntington coffers almost
the entire $10,000.
Of course the Southern Pacific would
not plunge across the narrow iron bridge
between the 'quarters ol its two roads
at Market and Montgomery streets to pro
test against the shate it might receive
going to its present master. The howl
would come from -the Eastern lines run
ning out of Utah. They would not get a
cent. The consequence may he transcon
tinental passenger agreement eruptions of
i a seismic nature.
Furthermore, the Southern Pacific has
sent a special Chinese emissary to act as
the envoy extraordinary and minister
plenipotentiary from Messrs. Mills, Good
man and Huntington to the court of Pe
king to route the embassy # via the "Sunset
Limited." Mr. Huntington is said to
have a powerful friend and ally within
the sacred precincts of the Manchu court.
Recalling Li Hun* Chang's recent visit to
this country and that notable interview
Mr. Huntington had with him in New
York it is not so difficult as an algebraic
problem .to guess whose peacock leather
it is at Peking that bows low before the
throne for Huntington.
-Li Hung Chang cordially invited Mr.
Huntington to come over to China, join
him in a bowl of rice and build a few rail
roads to develop the Celestial wilderness.
Mr. Huntington is reported to, have re
plied to Li that he . would come, and to
have made him a present of an up-to-date
New York companion coffin for use at the
time they might be buried side by side.
Another Chinese Club.
The Pioneer Chinese Merchants' Club has
been incorporated forthe purpose of supply
ing rooms for reading and other social pleas
ures to the members of the club. The in
corporators are: Lew Ling, Lew Koou, Lew
Way, Chew Yen, Lee On.
Fob business men or country merchants
the Russ House ia the best place in S. F.*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 15, 1897.
KERRIGAN TO BE
PRESIDING JUSTICE
N
A New Combination That
Has Broken the
Deadlock.
Groezinger and Cook Will Each
Have Eight Months in
the Place.
Barry and C.-rroll Were Not Consulted
in the Matter and Are Out
in the Ccld.
Frank H. Kerrigan will be elected Pre
siding Justice of the Peace to-day by the
votes of himself and two of his confreres,
with whom the honors of the next two
years are to be divided.
The presiding justiceship is usually a
bone of contention, and this has proven
to be the case since the recent election.
Each of the Justices desired the extra
title and pay ior himself, and as a result
there was a deadlock for some little
time.
Of course Justice Carroll being a Demo
crat and his four fellow Justices Republi
cans was not considered in the matter,
though his vote would have been accept-
Frank H. Kerrigan, Who Will
Be Elected Presiding Justice
To-Day.
able to one candidate had the combination
fallen right.
Several efforts were made to get the
Justices to agree on a division of the two
years to which they have just been
elected, but no progress was made because
one Justice insisted on voting lor himself
and for no one else, while another wanted
the first term in the office and would not
give way.
Tnus the matter hung fire until yester
day, when Justice Groezinger, who is now
presiding Justice, and Justices Cook and
Kerrigan settled the difference by putting
their heads together and apportioning the
two years among themselves.
According to the plans of the combina
tion Justice Kerrigan will at once be elect
ed to the presiding chair, which he will
hold for eight months, and will be followed
by Justice Cook, who will be the incum
bent for a like period. Justice Groezinger
will take the last eight months of the
terra.
By this combination Justice Barry, the
fourth Republican Justice, is left out in
the cold. He says he is not bothered
about the matter because the position is
not worth a contest.
YOUNGEST OF LITIGANTS.
A Babe of Eighteen Months n Plaintiff
In a Cage Before the Supreme
Court.
The question of how young a litigant
may figure in proceedings before tbe Su
preme Court bas probably just been made
manifest in theca^e of David Cunningham
against the Los Angeles Railway Com
pany. David Cunningham, in the lan
guage of a decision handed down in the
Supreme Court yesterday, "wss an infant
of IS months." This probably beats the
age record in litigation before the highest
judicial tribunal of this State. Little
David toddled on the track of the Los
Angeles Railway Company's electric line
and was knocked down and injured by
the cars.
"He brought this action," so went the
decision, "to recover damages for the in
jury, alleging negligence by defendant in
running over him. From a judgment in
his favor, and an order denying defend
ant's motion for a new trial, the latter
appeals."
The Supreme Court has ordered that a
new trial shall be had by reason of errors
in the proceedings in the trial court.
There were several errors. One was the
charging by the trial Judge to the jury
"that the law does not require parents to
keep an attendant with their young chil
dren, and tbat they are not "required to
shut them up. While, abstractly speak
ing, these things are perfectly true, such
precautions are necessary, under any
given circumstances, to constitute ordinary
care for the safety of their childron, with
which parents are charged, is one of fact
for the jury and not for the court to deter
mine as a matter of law."
So little David, at the age of a little
more than 18 months, will once more
appear in court to try to secure damages,
as a litigant for having been run over by
an electric car which was operated by a
new hand, wbo had been on the line only
twelve days.l3BßSßi
BOLOE'S PLAN GEOWS.
Many Ministers Want to Aid in Inde-
pendent Church Work.
The Cosmopolitan church, just estab
lished by Rev. Harold Bolce, for some
years a well-known newspaper reporter,
will begin services at Metropolitan 'Jem
ple on Sunday night.
Rev. G. B. Allen of Oakland, formerly
an Episcopal rector at Carson City, has
offered to affiliate with the new oiganiza
tion, and stands ready to organize
branches on the coast. *
The purposes of the church were yester
day set forth in a printed card. The car
dinal principles are announced to ' De:
"The establishment of a new Christian so
ciety which shall be. without limiting
creed or ordinances," and the "promul
gation of the simple . doctrines of Jesus
Christ, divested of formalism and the sub
tleties of theology." -
Fir©- Department.'
The Fire Commissioners met yesterday after
noon and .appointed H. F. Battingly hoseman
of engine 13 and Charles O'Mailey hoseman of
engine 31. „The. resignations of George Ma
louey of engine 31" and Timothy Flynn of
truck 4 were accepted. William P. Deianey of
engine 28 was fined three days' pay for neglect
of duty; Richard Allen, driver of chemical en
gine 1, three days' pay for kicking one of his
horses, and Frank Gillespie and James J.
O'Connor of truck 7 ten days' pay for disturb
ing the peace in their engine-house on New
Year's morning. .-.--.
GIVEN A RESPITE.
Mrs. Ellen Morton's Home Will Not
Be Disturbed for at Least a
Week.
Mrs. Ellen Morton, whose little home on
Fremont street, between Bryant and Har
rison, was ordered removed by the Super
intendent of Streets, gained a respite be
fore the Street Committee of the Board of
Supervisors yesterday.
Mrs. Morton is a soldier's widow, and
her case, has been taken up by the Grand
Army of the Republic.
A committee of five from James A. Gar
field Post, beaded by General Salomon,
waited on the committee and asked that
Mrs. Morton be granted time to find a
new home.
General Salomon addressed the com
mittee at some length, stating that it
would be a long time before the street was
cut through and that consideration should
be shown the aged woman.
Supervisor Sheehan moved tbat the
matter laid over for a week for investi
gation, and the motion was carried after
it had been amended to provide for a sus
pension of the order to the Superintend
ent of Streets until the matter can be
settled.
JOE GET ORDAINED.
Bethany Congregational Church Added
a Chinese Minister to the Fold.
Joe Get, a full-blooded Cinaman, re
ceived the rites of ordination at the hands
of the ministers of the Congregational
creed at Bethany Church last night.
In addition to the m mbers of the con
gregation there were about 100 of the Rev.
Joe's countrymen present, accompanied
by a half dozen lady teachers, who are en
gaged in the Sabbath-school work in the
church where Joe received his Christian
instructions.
The following ministers were present
and officiated at the service: Rev. G. R.
Kendell, Dr. G. C. Adams. Rev. George
Mooar, Rev. G. K. McLean, Rev.Gee Gam,
wbo acted as interpreter, and the Rev.
Joseph Rowell. A benediction was pro
nounced by the Rev. Joe Get in good Eng
lish, with a iew words in his native
tongue to his associates from the Flowery
Kingdom.
{{The Rev. Joe Get will labor among his
own people in this City.
A CYCLING DISSENSION.
Exhibition R ders Not Wanted
at the Bicycle Meet To-
Morrow.
McFarland and Downing's Off-r to
Ride at the L A. W. Benefit
Not Accepted.
• Floyd A. McFarland and Hardy Down
ing, the crack professional racers of the
Garden City Cyclers, may nave their pride
a trifle shaken when they receive to-day a
neatly worded note apiece slating that
owing to the already lengthy programme
arrangea for the League of American
Wheeimen's benefit meet at the Velo
drome\ to-morrow afternoon their kind
offers to ride an exhibition mile and half
mile must be declined, with thanks, of
course. And thereby hangs a tale.
When it was decided to hold this meet
nearly all the racing men came forward
and freely volunteered their services.
They were glad of an opportunity to assist
such a worthy cause as the L. A. W.,
which was continually fighting for their
interests. There were a few exceptions.
Ziegier pleaded lack of condition; Harry
Terrill held back, claiming be expected to
give up the racing game; McFarland did
not like short races, and so on, but finally,
with the exception of Ziegier, McFarland
and Downing, all the professionals on the
coast entered. Chapman will have to
come down from Napa and Jones and
Whitman up from San Jose, but they
willingly agreed to come and pay their
own expenses.
Then McFarland and Downing stepped
in and said to help the meet along they
would each ride an exhibition. Where
upon the local professional racing contin
gent arose with a howl of dissension. Who
were these men who would not enter the
actual competitions, but were willing to
exhibit themselves? Were they such
stars in the cycle racing firmament? Nay!
Nay! If there was any exhibition riding
to be done there were better known men
than they to do it, in fact it was even in
sinuated tbat the San Joseans offered
their services for th? base motive of ad
vertising themselves and the wheels they
rode at the instigation, mayhap, of some
shrewd dealer or luckless trainer.
At any rate the management has decided
that the programme is already too long,
that the public cares littie for exhibition
rides, and while they would be glad to
have McFarland and Downing enter the
competition events they would not con
sider their propositions of an exhibition.
McFarland's trouble in Southern Califor
nia recently with Champion Waiter Foster
is said to have slightly influenced this de
cision, as he has made himself somewhat
unpopular in consequence.
The local men are also grumbling over
another San Jose worry. The Garden
City Cyclers will also have a benefit meet,
to take place Friday afternoon, January
22, and have been soliciting the aid of the
local clubs. This was promised provid
ing the G. C. Cs sent their men here to
help the league meet to-morrow. They
were asked to send Ziegier, but 'wanted
him to make his first appearance at their
meet. McFarland and Downing having
been declined "with thanks," the only
man they are sending is D. E. Whitman.
They have not sent one amateur rider as
far as the entry lists disclose. The local
clubs believe in reciprocity, and fail to
see why they should send twenty or thirty
racing men and officials and half a hun
dred or more spectators to San Jose when
the latter place sends but one rider here
and an uncertain number of spectators
This feeling is growing in strength, and
unless a goodly number of Sun Jose
spectators come up to-morrow there will
be a large falling off in the local men's
enthusiasm for the San Jose meet.
The advance sale of seats for the league
meet to-morrow has been large and a big
crowd will attend. There is a long pro
gramme of interesting events to be run
off and the races will start promptly at 2
o'clock in consequence. The Cycle Board
of Trade has taken two boxes for its mem
bers.
The Olympic Cyclers will hold a meet
ing at their clubrooms on Post street this
evening at 8 o'clock. Nominations for
officers for the ensuing year will be made
and arrangements completed for several
interesting outings in the near future. As
this is the first regular meeting in several
months members are particularly re
quested to attend 'by President Joseph F.
Coffey.
E. E. Stoddard of the Bay City Wheel
men is bacK from his trip to Los Angeles.
George E. Dixon, the popular Velodrome
announcer, returned from Sacramento
yesterday lor a short rest from his legis
lating duties. '
Johnson Held, Kills Free.
William Ellis and William J. Johnson, who
were recently arrested in the Mission by the
police for passing and possessing counterfeit
money, were before . United States Commis
sioner Heacock yesterday. Ellis was dis
charged because the evidence was not suffi
cient to convict. Johnson, however, was held
for trial. He had all of the counterfeit money
at the time of arrest. Things look rather dark
for Johnson. Two years ago he was arrested
on a. similar charge, but escaped punishment.
HEALTH OFFICERS
MEAN BUSINESS
.
Proposed Legislative Bills
Sweeping in Their
Nature.
. — ; .
First to Be Submitted to the
Industrial Council for
Indorsement
Some of the Provisions . Will M,k^
the Position of Health Official
i No Sinecure.
\
Inability to carry out the methods it
thought best for the proper sanitary con
ditions has long been a thorn in tbe side
of the Beard of Health of this City and
County. This theme has been a favorite
morsel and on the llth. inst. crystallized
in the form of three bills for submission
to the Legislature.
Next Saturday afternoon tbese pro
posed bills will be placed before the
Council of Associated Industries of Cali
fornia with the expectation of their being
indorsed. They will then be s?nt to Sac
ramento and their adoption urged upon
the members of the Legislature.
Ah idea of their sweeping nature and
the importance that will be vested in the
position of the Board of Health in case
these bills become laws may be gleaned
from a brief summary of them.
The longest and most important of the
measure proposed is entitled, "An act to
promote the public health and to prohibit
a-ai-i. prejudicial thereto."
Section 1 provides that no person, firm, cor
poration, etc.. shall do anything prejudicial to
the public health, or fail to do anything iv the
way of mitigating a known danger,
Section 2 empowers the Board of Health to
define what is dangerous to the public health
and what constitutes an omission of duty.
Section 3 provides that no keeper of a hotel,
lodging-house, or any place at which food is
sold, shall offer as "food anything unwhole-
(Section 4 states that no article of food shall
be offered as such labeled under a false name,
or represented to be of a quality which it is
not.
section 5 provides that no teacher, manager,
board, or anybody connected with a public or
private school, or any public or private build
ing where human beings may assemble, shall
do anything* or make any omission which may
endanger the lives of those so assembled.
Section 6 provides that no owner, keeper
or tenant oi any buiidingshall allow anything
to remain or anything to happen dangerous
to the life of a human being.
Section 7 is a strong provision. It is noth
ing more or less than that no water shall be
drunk from any well except under and pur
suant to the conditions of a permit in writing
as obtained from the Board of Health of such
city.
Section 8 provides that a sanitary code
shall be formulated by the adoption of certain
rules by the Board of Health of a city of over
25,000 inhabitants within ninety days of the
passage of the proposed act.
Section 9 provides lor the publication of the
code, and that a violation of any of its pro
visions or amendments shall constitute a mis
demeanor for each day's offense.
The next act is entitled, "An act to con
fer powers upon' the Boards of Health of
municipalities and counties in the State."
Its provisions, which follow, are short but
devisive: V"'-'i.
Section 1 provides that the Board of Health
of every municipality or county shall have
power to compel the attendance of witnesses
to testify on infractions of sanitary laws.
Section 2 regulates the manner of issuing
sub pen as.
Section 3 provides that if any person, when
subpenaed, fails to attend or. refuses to an
swer any questions, he shall be deemed guilty
of a misdemeanor, and each refusal shall con
stitute a separate offense.
The last proposed act is entitled, "An
act to confer further powers upon the
Boards of Health of the municipalities
and counties of tbis State." It is almost
without limitation. = •'.
Section 1 provides that the Boara of Health
of a county or municipality shall have the
same powers in legislating upon sanitary mat
ters as the Board of Supervisors or Common
Council to declare certain acts crimes and to
prescribe the punishment therefor.
Section 2 provides how these acts shall be
passed.
The third and last section states that in
case any conflict shall arise or exist between
ordinances adopted by the Common Council or
NEW TO-DAY. '
I OUR GREAT CLOAK
1 AND FUR SALE! .- 1
SPECIALS FOB FRIDAY & SATURDAY. I
JACKETS, blues and blacks, finest I
!»^^^S?sfe style of this season, like cut ; Boucle 3
or Kerseys ; a,! wool ; high silky H
T"*.'^l finish ; finished with mohair braid 1
and olives; velvet collar slashed; a Ef
j^^t^^^^aW^h good $12.50 Jacket. I
'O^X-''Ci'^aW^V SPECIAL FOR 2 DAYS— |
tip OD.dd.
I SIX AND -7-oc DOLLARS. |
Kjfa ELEGANT FITTING JACKETS,
j^p^^s like cut ; embroidered and fur-
*. «a^*T« trimmed ; some silk-lined ; very j
flk^jffi .elegant styles; greens, tans, blues, }•
Ar"3!™l!^S-S»' blacks. Jackets that are worth $20 i
I 1 tfaiWSi WlF* *A l 0 $30 each * 1 '
YOUR CHOICE FRIDAY AND \\
I \k^^wj SATUROAY - ; '. I
00.4 J. I
EIGHT & 45 /ioo DOLLARS. _ " M . j
S We guarantee these SPECIALS to be absolutely as advertised, Ijl
| and if you look at them you will acknowledge it. Twenty-five of each I
j reserved for country orders. I'
IKELLY&LIEBES'SS,^ |
IVLLLI QILICDLO 120KearnySt.
Board ot Supervisors and the Board of Health
the law of the latter shall prevail.
RICH GIFT ACKNOWLEDGED
The Protection and Relief Society
- Receives Money From the Pear
sons Estate.
The annual meeting of the San Francisco
Ladies' Protective and Relief Society took
place in the parlors of the Orphans' Home
yesterday afternoon. Rev. Dr. Stebbins
opened the meeting with a prayer.
There are at the present time 237 children
in the home. One hundred of them attend
the public schools, ana the remaining
number are taught in classes at the insti
tution. Only one death has occurred in
the last five years.
Miss A. W. Braver, treasurer, read the
annual report on finances, mentioning
the receipt of $11,000 from the Pearsons es
tate, according to the recent decision of
the Supreme Court. i
Mrs. P. B. Cori%all, corresponding sec
retary, acknowledged all gifts, attentions
and courtesies to the children of tbe
home during the year.
Much is needed in tho way of alteration
at the home, but the ladies hope to be
able to extend tbe improvements in the
near future.
Tbe following officers were elected for
the year:
Mrs. George Barstow, president; Mrs. 8. W.
Dennis, vice-president; Miss Alice Brown, re
cording secretary; Mrs. P. K.Cornwall, cor
responding secretary; Mis- A.W. Beaver, treas
urer; managers for 1896 Mrs. L. S. Adams,
Mrs. George Barstow, Miss A. W. Beaver, Mrs.
George W. Bowers, Miss Alice Brown, Mrs.
Charles Clayton, Mrs. N. P. Cole, Mrs. P. B.
Cornwall. Mrs. S. W. Dennis, Mrs. J. H. Flint,
Miss Teen Goodall, Mrs. Moses Hopkins, Miss
Kate F. Hutchinson, Mrs. N. G. Kittle, Miss
Isabel Lowry, Mrs. John Morton, Mrs. W. Mayo
Newhall, Mrs. Le Roy Nichol, Mrs. E. B.
Pond, Mrs. J. R. Sims, Mrs. A. P. Talbot, Mrs.
H. P. Wakelee, Mrs. C. fe. Wright; honorary
manager, Mrs. L. Aigeltinger; trustees for
1897— Henry L. Dodge, Horace Davis, J. S.
Hutchinson, C. F. Crocker, J. B. Crockett.
WILL ATTEND THE CARNIVAL.
Eastern Organizations Which Are Pre-
paring to Come Here.
Charles S. Hoyt, secretary of the com
mittee of the Cleveland Grays of Cleve
land, Ohio, bas written to the carnival
committee saying that tbe company has
taken immediate action upon the invita
tion to attend the Carnival of the Golden
Gate. The chairman appointed a com
mittee, consisting of Major W. F. Reese,
Quartermaster W. W. Hay ward. President
F. B. Skeels, Sergeant Charles S. Hoyt
and Corporal H. P. Sheepe. This com
mittee has been instructed to . procure
rates and consider the most feasible plans
to bring about the proposed trip and re
port to the organization the result of their
efforts on the first Monday in April.
The "Old Guard of New York, one of
the most prominent military and social
organizations of veterans of the war, has
been invited to attend the carnival. Emil
L. Phillips, an old San Franciscan, has
been delegated to extend the invitation
immediately.
Inquiries regarding the meeting to be
held at the California Hotel to-night were
numerous at the headquarters yesterday.
The prospects of a large attendance of the
representatives of the organizations and
business men generally are considered ex
cellent by the carnival committee.
The new programme outlined by Direc
tor Friedlander will be presented to the
public for the first time. It contains a
number of striking features which promise
to make carnival week the most noted one
in the history of San Francisco. •
A GEAND CONCERT.
it Will Be Given To-Morrow by the
Charming Auxiliary.
A grand concert will be given by the
Charming Auxiliary to-morrow afternoon
at the First Unitarian Church, corner of
Franklin and Geary streets. The pro
gramme will be as follows:
Sonata for piano and violin, C minor, opus
45— allegro mottoes appassionato, allegretto
expressivo alia Romanza, allegro animato
(Grieg), Miss Bacon and Gullio Minetti; "Herr
Heiurich" (C Loews), "Der Erlkcenig" (Schu
bert), Anton Schott; organ solo, "Fantsisie de
Concert" (Calluerts), Dr. H. J. Stewart; "Rus
sian Airs" (Wieniawski), Guilio Minetti;
third act of " Tannhauser " (Wagner)—
(a) introduction, Wolfram; lb) "Pilgrim's
Chorus," organ; (c) "Prayer, Elisabeth:
Id) "Evening Star," Wolfram; («) "Narration,''
Tannhauser.
Arrest of a Pool-Seller.
John Flynn, proprietor of the poolroom at
862 Mission street, was arraigned yesterday
before Judge Campbell. The prosecution pro
poses to show that Flynn permits lads under
15 years of age to gamble in his house, on
races held cither at Ingleside or Berkeley.
The trial was set for next Tuesday.
Late yesterday afternoon another warrant
was issued by Judge Joachimsen for the arrest
of John. Doe Boyer, who is interested with
Flynn in the Mission-street resort.
DUFrTS PURE
15^ '
FORMEDICINALUSE
NO FUSEL OIL
Winter's Piercing Winds have
no Terrors for those who Use it.
A grand family remedy. Refuse
substitutes offered by Druggist
or Grocer. Pamphlet sent by
DUFFY MALT WHISKEY CO.,
Rochester, N. Y.
FOR THE
BEST TREATMENT
§ CONSULT
DR.GOOK
Barket St., S. F., CaL
OFFICE HOURS'.
3to 12 a. Jf. and 2 to 5
and 7 to 8 r. v.
Sundays 10 to 12 a. k.
Electricity Given
- When Advisable.
vDOCTOK COOK.)
If yon are afflicted do not rely too muoti
apon the recuperative powers of nature.
Lose no time in getting back your health.
A little medicine now will do more good
than a whole drugstore by and by.
DR. COOK CURES c^ e <T\he n Hear"
Lungs, Liver, Stomach, Kidneys, Bladder and
Urinary Organs.
no rnOK" riIPFS Chronic Catarrh and
UK. "wUUft. UUKCS aU allments of th ,
Eye, Ear, Brain, Nose and Throat.
HP TOOK" CIJPF** All Blood and Skin
UK. lAHJIV tUKC3 Dieses and Piles,
I b'iituia, Rheumatism and Rupture.
lIP COOK CURES Gonorrhoea, Gleet,
UK. lUUU tUKCS stricture, Syphilid
Vnricocele, Hydrocele and all other sexual de-
formities, diseases and disabilities.
DR. COOK CURES 09 , 1 manhood and
mm mmmm mmm mm^ mm^^ I^^^ Its long train of dl;-
-tresm'i symptonia — Mgnt Emissions, Exhaust-
ing Drains, I**apotoncy, Pimp Nervousness,
Sleeplessness, hasbi'ulness, Despondency, Stu-
pidity, Loss of Ambition. Unfitness for Pleas-
! ure. Stud*.*, Business or Marriage, and other
! signs of Physical, Mental and Sexual Weak-
ness.
DR. COOK CURES Eve ,r form of Fe-
i^^^ m^^ _^^^^^ male Complaint-
Falling or Displacement of the Womb, Painful,
Irregular, Scanty or Profuse Menses, Periodi-
cal Headache, Leueorrhce-*, Nervousness, Hys-
teria and other distressing ailments peculiar
to women.
DR. COOK CURES by mail Therefore.
m write if you cannot
call. A valuable book, devoted to diseases of
men, iree upon application. Address
DOCTOR COOK,
' 863 Market Street, San Francisco, Cal.
(Opposite Baldwin Hotel).
I GREAT •
1 GREAT
II OP THE ACE I
|: A fill! ill j
x Which is an external and Internal 9
0 .remedy without an equal. X
5 NOI A NEW PREPARATION, BUT ONE I
I THAT HAS STOOD THE TfcSl OF OVtR 5
II iTHAT HAS STOOD GENTSRY. QVF3 J
A QQARTER Of A (MIiRY. |
ij Thousands of persons all t
| over the United States g
| gratefnlly praise Dr. Mar- |
j tin's Pain Onrer and are |
I never without it ±
I oyer the United States 9
gratefnlly praise Dr. Mar- j
tin's Pain Curer and are ]
never without it
♦ The Curer Is free from all Injurious S
? and - poisonous properties, and is en- 9
| n tirely vegetable in its composition. It Z
♦ tones up and strengthens the system, X
2 purifies the blood, expels bad matter 9
0 from the organs of the body generally, X
2 promotes digestion, regulates the appe- •»
2 tlte and secures a healthy state of the 9
m system and its various functions. Taken £
♦ occasionally as a preventive of disease, *>
X it keeps the mind cheerful and happy 9
2 by promoting healthful action of the X
> $ skin, heart, lungs, stomach, pauoreas, *»
9 bowels, l<j*?r, kidneys, bladder, spleen, •
i a spinal cc*.mn, and the whole nervous m
♦ system. It is also especially always ♦
I™ WOMAN'S FRIEND, and is unequaled ♦
" FM.ltlE PREfHTIOM IR.eORE §
j J -OF- C
II Rheumatism, Neuralgia, Fains in 2
1 General, Bowel Complaints, Dyi- **,
J j pepsin, Dy«en*»ry, Cholera Mor- O
( ) bus, Diphtheria, Sore Throat, Z
0 Pneumonia, Diabetes, Nervous X
j I Complaints, Disease «f the Siom- 9
H aeh and- Bowels Generally, Liver X
i Complaints, ICidncy Complaints, A
* Sciatica, Lumbago, Colds, Coughs, 9
{ \ Local and General Debility,' Head- %
j ' ache, Karache, Toothache. Sick- X
\\ '. ness in Stomach. Backache, Barm, 9
1 I Swellings, Bolls, Sores, Fleers, X
1 Colic, (ramps. Sprains, Friises, ♦
, , i. calds, Wounds, Costiveness, In- 9
(► digest !<>■, Skin Diseases, Excea- X
I sive Itchlngs and ' many other A
4 , complaints too numerous to name 9
i I here. In a word, the great Pain £
j f Curer of the Age is an uuequaled <"►
I a family remedy. 9
O Price: 2Sc, 5Cc, $1.00 per Bottle, ♦"
J Price: 25c, SGc, $1.00 per Bottle, 5
• } — _ . 9
A L. CALLISCH. Wholesale Agent for a
a de Pacific Coast. San Jose, Cal. J?
a For sale by all druggists. The trade §
a supplied by Redineton & Co., Mack X
4 . ; <fc Co. and Langley & Michaels. San A
L Francisco. • a
. ♦•♦a«>t^oO*»9<>o'»9*>9+9+99+«aFRANK C. KLOSS
WILL BE HANGED
Juror Leipsic's Affidavit
Found to Be Properly-
Excluded.
The Supreme Court Says He
Could Not Impeach His
Own Verdict.
He Deposed That He Never Agreed
to the Vet diet That Carried
the Death Penalty.
The Supreme Court decided yesterday
that Frank Cooney Floss, alias Frank
Kloss, who was convicted of murder for
the killing of "William Deedy on the
morning of April 18, 1895, the murder
taking place in a barroom on the corner of
Hayes and Laguna streets, shall not have
a new trial. The Superior Court was in
structed to fix a day for carrying into ef
fect the judgment of the court, which car
ried with it the death penalty. A peculiar
feature in the trial of the case was an affi
davit made by Isaac Leipsic, which was,
in part, as follows:
That the verdict reached and rendered by
the jury in the above case, to wit, guilty of
niuraer in the first degree, was not the verdict
which the said Leipsic agreed to; that the said
Leipsic was not only misled by the statements
of G. T. Ruddick, the foreman of said jury, to
tue effect that toe above verdict would not en
tail the death penalty of necessity, but was
a. so improperly coerced, coninsed ana be
wildered by tho" importunity of said Ruddick,
and, in effect, caused to bring in a verdict
which he did not understand and did not
mean to bring in and never agreed to; that
much uubbub and confusion toot place in the
jury-room at the time of Toting, and that
when the jury had finally agreed on a verdict
of guilty this deponent expressly stipulated
that the'penalty of life imprisonment be added
to said verdict; that said loreman, G. T. Rud
dick, read out a verdict of guilty of murder in
the first degree, without adding the penalty of
life imprisonment.
Leipsic, In his affidavit, also set forth
that when the verdict was read by the
foreman he was so confused and embar
rassed that, through a sense of timidity
ne then refrained from speaking. When
the jury was polled he did not bear the
question asked him if the verdict was his
verdict, and remained silent. While he
appeared, therefore, to agree to the verdict
he did not agree.
The Supreme Court finds that the Supe
rior Court did right in refusing to permit
this affidavit to be filed, upon the ground
that the juror could not thus impeach his
own verdict.
SOCIETY IS BUBBLING
Wednesday Night's Cotillon Has
Caused Much Bitter
Feeling.
Those Who Were Nt Invited Say
They Did Not Apply, and thi
Bod I Not Y:-t.
Oakland Office San Fkancipco Call,)
1 08 Broadway, Jan. 14. )
There is trouble ahead for somebody or
somebodies, but just who has not yet de
veloped. It is all due to the list of in
vited guests to the Wednesday Night
Cotillon Club's ball last evening.
The manner in which ths applications
for invitations were received acts as a
shield to the disappointed ones, because
they can assert that they did not apply.
This is just what they are doing.
There was some trouble at the last co
tillon of the exclusive Wednesday Club,
and some of the unpleasantness engen
dered then was present in a developed
form last night. The last cotillon was on
the night of '.he FitZ3immons-Sharkey
contest, and many of r he gentlemen so
I forgot their duty as to prefer the fight
to the bail. The result was excruciating
and humiliating. The flowers of Oakland's
fairest were scattered about the. hall hunt
ing in vain for a few gallants with whom
to dance. This slight did not pass un
noticed, and tne club was in danger of
disruption, but it was held together by a
few determined spirits.
No ono can tell who is responsible for
the names that were left off, but there is a
good deal of social detective work going
on, and many callers to-day used the
happy phrase "I'm so giad to see you"
whose minds would be better represented
by daggers and poison.
If the committee who used the blue pen
cil so generously can only be found there
Sis likely to be trouble of a nature rarely
dreamed of by the elect. Only a week
ago the president of a lady's organization
was expelled from her position because of
a social upheaval, and was later arrested
lor following her enemy, and it is feared
that this precedent may be followed.
As to speaking, not a lady will 'say a
(word except among their own set. So
ciety to-day is like one large obstinate
clam, full of juicy material but crusted on
the outside, and speech-tight. The deed
i.as teen done, scores evened up, and all
so artistically executed that no one can
tell whence came the lightning. But de
velopments are promised and are in pro
cess of incubation. When the time for
hatching arrives then the shores of Lake
Merritt will not be safe after dark.
FEATHERS AND PEDIGREE.
Preparations >I;t<l*' for the Annual Poul
try and Pigeon Show.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 14.— Workmen
are now engaged in getting the exposition
building ready for the annual show of the
Pacific Poultry and Pigeon Association,
which opens one week from next Satur
day and continues tbe rest of the month.
Entries have been received from poultry
fanciers all over the coast, and some have
come from tbe East. The entry list closes
at midnight to-morrow, and all birds must
be in the exposition building next Thurs
day night.
A very valuable list of premiums has
been offered. Among those who have
contributed to the cash prizes are Adolph
Snreckels, W. J. Dingee, P. E. Bowles,
Fred Becker, A. W. Brown, C. H. Kucks,
Dairymen's Union, E. H. Kittredge, M. J.
Keller : and Charles J. Eastman. Ex-
Mayor Charles D. Pierce, who is a re
nowned buff leghorn fancier, offers a val
uable cup to the highest scoring buff lee
: horn raised from eggs obtained from his
yard during 1896.
i The executive committee in charge of
4 the exhibition is; Ed Ellis, Santa Rosa:
1 Charles A. Earl, Sonoma; George F.
vEmery, Oakland; George H. Croley, San
cisco; L. A. Wells. San Francisco;
W. F. Arps, Oakland.
Closing the Wallace Estate.
A receipt from Mrs.. Edna Wallace Hopper
was filed in Judge Coffey's court yesterday ac
knowledging that she, as one of the residuary
legatees, has received her share of the estate
of her grandfather, Robert Bruce Wallace, and
consenting to the closing of the administra
tion of the estate. Oilier heirs have filed simi
lar papers and the estate will be settled.
THE CALIFORNIA CLUB.
It Will Give a Boxing Entertainment
iv This City in the "Latter Part
of February.
The California Athletic Club procured
a permit from the old Board of Super
visors a few months ago to give an
athletic entertainment in February, and
yesterday Billy Jordan, who is one of the
directors of the club, matched the follow
ing pugilists to appear on the evening of
February 22 in limited-round contests:
The winner of the Van Buskirk and Stelz
ner fight, which will be decided at Sacra
mento on the evening of the 27th insL,
against Jeffries of Los, Angeles in a ten
round contest. Agnews and "Spider"
Kelly will contest six rounds, and Aus
tralian Billy Smith and Peppers, "the hot
stuff representative of the turf," will en
gage in a ten- round contest.
The directors of the Caiifornia Club
state that they propose to give contests
that will be satisfact >ry to the sporting
public, and with that object in view they
have secured the services of Hiram Cook,
who will referee all contests given under
their auspices.
Jeffries is expected to arrive from the
land of oranges in a few days, and after a
short rest he will go into training for his
proposed match.
Coursing* at Ingleside.
According to the quality of the dogs which
will enter the slips on Sunday at Inglestde
Coursing Park, the lovers of the sport should
•witness some good racing. The drawing last
evening resulted as follows:
Whip Jr. vs. Sunol: Fearless vs. Susie; Flash
light vs. (jracie S; White Chief vs. Nellie Conroy ;
Qrannale vs. Valley Maid; Bona vs. Blue Hock;
Lady Clifton vs. Donald; Muster Bob vs. Fair
View; bkyball vs. Old Glory; Jim Daly vs. Bor
ders V ait mine; Eclipse vs. Magnet; Bend Along
vs. Snowbird; Tullamore vs. Myrt:e; Amesport,
v;,. St. Lawrence; Sir Waller vs. Queen B; bite
Clifton vs. Bed Bover.
The prizes are $45, $25 and third and fourth
$12. John Grace, the champion judge of this
State, will pass judgment on each course.
A MAIL TO THE MINES.
There Will Be Belter Facilities
to Randsburg After
Tc-Day.
Progress of the A. anl P. Railroad in
Building the New Town of .
Johannesburg.
Oscar T. Shuck, of the Randsburg De
velopment Company, says that the now
mining town in Kern County, which has
been having only a tri-weekly mail since
it had a postoffice, will to-day enter upon
the enjoyment of daily mail facilities.
The postoffice, which was practically
out of town, has been moved to the center
of population and a convenient building
erected by the postmaster, at his own ex
pense.
Mr. Shuck said : "The A. and P. Railroad
Company is building a town, Johannes
burg, two mile* from Randsburg, and is
running a free bus between the two towns.
This. railroad company also owns the sta
tion at Kramer, on i;s own road, about
twenty-seven miles from the two towns
named, and lots are selling at Kramer ior
from $50 to $100. which are little undei
the average prices in the other places.
"The stages and freight trains between
Kramer and the two "ruining towns are
owned by the Atlantic and Pacific Rail
road. Those plying between Mohave and
the mines, a distance of about forty-seven
miles r have recently change. l hands. Rice,
Shippee & Co. selling to Williams & Co.
"There is generally on £and at Mon aye
about 100 tons of freight awaiting turn to
get into Randsburg. Occa-iona!ly pas
sengers have to wait a day both there and
at Kramer."
Mr. Shuck's company has just located
two mining claims fifteen miles from
Randsburg, in the new Defiance district.
In answer to the oft-repeated complaint
that they are holding their mines at high
figures without working them, and so
keeping capital away, the miners say that
they are sure of their ground and have
means sufficient to 1-old their own. They
declare that they are doing only what
any wise man would do. They come from
Cripple Creek, Creede, Montana, Arizona
and all parts of California, and find the
surface indications to be such that they
have no uneasiness about what lies below.
Besides, they say several mines have al
ready been developed to a depth of over
150 feet, and the miners are finding the
ore getting better as they go down.
AFRICANS FOR THE CANAL.
Curloua Efforts Being Put Forth to
Hold the Charter From the Coloin-
blan Government.
The Rev. Dr. A. E. Johnson, rector of
St. Martin's Church, New Bedford, Mass.,
and the Rev. Dr. William M. Himes of
Concord, N. H., who has recently been
chosen as pastor of St. Stephen'-* Church,
San Luis Obispo, are at the Russ. Dr.
Johnson is en route to Southern California
for his health, and will remain most of the
winter, and Dr. Himes will at once go to
San Luis Obispo and take up his home
there. The gentlemen came here by way
of Colon. They say that while they were
there an English ship with 800 negroes
from Sierra Leone, Africa, arrived there.
The negroes were brought to work on the
Panama canal.
"There are still men working along on
the canal," said Dr. Himes, "in different
places on the line of the Chagres River.
Most of the working force, however, is
engaged on the west end in deepening the
harbor, so that all the Pacific steamers
may come up to the dock, instead of
anchoring out. Three dred-ers were at
work there, and several engines and ten
ders on narrow-gauge railroads were haul
ing the mud away.
"I understood that only the work re
quired to be done to hold the charter from
the Colombian Government was now being
executed. We were six weeks in making
the trip here from New York, so many
stops were there at different places to put
on and take off freight,*'
POLICE STEAMBOAT.
Chief Crowley Wants One for the Use
of the Department. „ '■■ '
- Chief Crowley is again taking steps to
procure a steam launch for the use of the
harbor police. The inconvenience that
the department has been put to in pro
curing a vessel to intercept the ship Swan
hilda has forcibly demonstrated the neces
sity of the department being provided
with a launch of its own.
The harbor police have, frequently to
board incoming vessels and the only facil
ity they have lor the purpose is a'wbite
hall boat. If a criminal should escape on
an outward-bound vessel and the police
became aware of the fact before sbe
reached the limit there would be every
chance of overtaking the vessel with a fast
steam launch, but there is no chance with
a Whitehall boat.
The Supervisors some years ago adopted
the recommendation of the Chief and de
cided to purchased the tv Tia Juana, but
before the final arrangements were made
they changed their minds.
Marital Infelicity.
Divorce suits have been filed in the Superior
Court as follows: Sarah E. Shooff against Ran
dall ShooS, Bertha F. Randle against Harry
Randle, Andrew S. Miller against Rosina E.
Miller. '
TO CUKE A COLO IN ONE DAY.
Take latativeßromo Quinine Tablets. All drug
gists refund the money ii.it falls to cure, 25c.
THE SAN FRANdISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 15, 1897.
HIS QUEST IS
HEADS OF SILK
One of ths Biggest of the
Importers Now Here En
Route to Japan.
That Country Furnishes Sixty
Per Cent of the Silk
Used Here.
The Opposition F.*cm Italy and China.
The Silk Eusiness Brightening
in America
T. M. Oyeno, who is one of the largest
importers of raw silk in the United States,
has arrived here on his way to Japan. He
has been for seventeen years in the im
porting business, and has during all this
time been furnishing raw silk— that is to
say, simply the silk threads— to the great
manufacturers of New York, Paterson
and those of the silk manufacturing towns
T. M. OYENO, the Millionaire Importer of Silk From the Land
of the Chrysanthemum.
[Sketched from life by a "Call" artist.]
of Massachusetts, Pennsylvania and other
States.
There is no duty on raw silk, so the
making of it into silk goods has become a
great industry in many places. Mr. Oyeno
says that Japan furnishes 60 per cent of
the raw silk used in the United States.
Tho remainder of it comes from China,
Italy and France.
"The Chinese silk," said Mr. Oyeno, "is
cheaper than any other, but it is not so
good. It is away down in price now. The
Italian silk is good. In Italy they know
how to make good silk, and their product
is the one which come-- -into the strongest
competition with the Japanese silk.
"The French silk is very good, but very
little is imported. 1 was over at Lyons
not long ago to look into the silk industry.
I think it is better there than in this
country. Just before I started for San
Francisco, too, I visited a good many of
the manufacturers of silk iv New York,
Paterson and other places.
"While business has been very dull
with them the impression was that it
would soon be better. The result of the
recent election bas helped the business
some. During the fast year or so, how
ever, only four or five of all the silk manu
facturers have male any money. Silk is
a good deal of a luxury, and is not what
may be called a necessity, so when times
get hard it means they don't but it. But
times are brightening now, and we expect
to import a heavy amount of silk to this
country.''
Mr. Oveno will sail for Japan on the
Coptic Saturday.
CYCLERS WANT NO SHOW
To Aid Baggage 'Bill, Bicycle-
Stealing Bill and Gcod
Roads
Cycle Board of Trade Asks the Super
■* ■ ■
visors to Recognize California
Asphaltum.
There will be no cycle show here in Feb
ruary. The dealers are not in favor of the
project at present, because of the undevel
oped condition of business for the coming
season. They may be later when they
shall have felt the pulse of the trrde
through the medium of the men just
being sent throughout the State with the
new sample bicycles.
So much was decided at a meeting' last
night of the San Francisco Cycle Board of
Trade. Some other cycle matters of more
than local import were acted upon.
A bill dratted by Charles Albert Adams
making bicyle-steaiing a felony and pun
ishab'e as such, instead of mere petty
larceny as now considered, was indorsed
by the board and ordered sent to legis
lators at Sacramento, who will endeavor
to have it adopted as a law. It is practi
cally a specific definition of grand larceny,
and in its concluding clauses is as follows :
Grand larceny is committed in any one
of the lollowing cases:
- First— When the property taken Is of a value
exceeding $50.
Second— When the property is taken from
tbe person of another.
Third— Whea the property is a bicycle, horse,
mare, gelding, cow, steer, bull, calf, mule,
jack or jenny.
The Cycle Board put itself on record as
favoring the recognition of California
asphaltum as one of the paving materials
to be considered hereafter- by the San
Francisco Board of Supervisors, and it
was remarked that, tnough a product of
the State, asphaltum bas been legislated
out of competition in this City through
tbe political pull of a concern furnishing
another kind of paving material.
The harm done, it was contended, is
not here alone, but in the East, where
want of recognition at home tends to de
preciate the value of a product peculiar
to several of the counties of Southern
Caliiomia. .. . ;. *
A resolution, embodying the sentiments
of the Cycle Board on. the subject of
asphalt as a paving material, was ordered
sent to the Supervisors. It is as follows:
Whereas, California asphalt is now recog
nized to be among the best materials or street
pavement, having been adopted by and laid
in many of the principal cities of this country;
and whereas, under the existing ordinances of
the City and County of San Francisco asphalt
is discriminated against in the specifications
for public street work; and whereas, California
asphalt may be laid at no greater cost than
has heretofore prevailed, be it
Resolved, That the San Francisco Cycle Board
of Trade hereby petition the Honorable the
Board of Supervisors to so amend the present
municipal law to the I'ffect that . California
asphalt may be permitted to compete with
older paving material for this City and
County, and be it
Resolved, That the secretary of the San Fran
cisco Cycle Board of Trade is hereby instructed
to forward a copy of these resolutions to the
Honorable the Board of Supervisors of this
City and County.
The bicycle baggage bill, the bicycle
stealing felony bill and the promotion of
the work of the Bureau of Highways will
be supported at Sacramento by Superior
Judge Frank Dunne, Judge Frank H.
Kerrjgan, .Percy B. Long and Charles Al
bert Adams, all of whom will go up from
this City at the proper time and use their
influence in the lobby. They will give
their time and services free, but the
cyclists have decided to raise enough
money to defray their traveling and living
expenses. ■•*-**
The Cycle Board voted $50 to the pur
pose last night. The League of American
Wheelmen may be counted on to sub
scribe $150. The Bureau of Highways,
eager fur such valuable assistance, may
furnish $100 more to the lobbying ex
penses ot these men.
The committee on cycle show, James M.
Hamilton (chairman.), J. W. Leavitt and
S. Plummer, reported unfavorably upon
the project of an exhibition so early as
February.
It also reported that any hall in the City
could be obtained for the show for three
nights with proper orchestra for $235. It
might be necessary either to have the
cycle trade guarantee $1000 for expenses of
the show, or to have each dealer using
display space pay $100 for it. The senti
ment seemed to be that it is too early to
talk of a show.
McKENZIE MUSIOALE.
The Society Concert Given last Night
Proved » Success.
The McKenzie Musical Society gave a
very successful concert at Native Sons'
Hall last evening to a crowded house.
The programme was a good one and on
the whole well received. I. P. Grodgins'
rendering of "0 Thou Sublime, Sweet
Evening Star," from "Tannhauser,"
brought down the house and won for him
a double encore.
The aria and chorus "Inflammatus"
from Rossini's "Stabat Mater" was well
done by the society and Miss Minnie
Powell. The first selection of the Mas
cagni Mandolin Club was rather tame, but
their performance of the Double Eagle
March left nothing to be desired.
Mr. McKenzie was at one time here a
famous boy barytone, and will no doubt
be remembered by all lovers of music.
After the programme v John Sale, the pres
ident of the club, made a little speech,
which was warmly applauded.
LAWSUIT DOWNED.
Gleason Drove Him at the Mechanics'
Pavilion Last Night.
Oscar R. Gleason, the horse-tamer, made
good his promise last evening, and quieted,
harnessed and drove Lawsuit at the Me
chanics' Pavilion.
The horse is the one that caused Glea
son's arrest on a charge of cruelty to
animals, and the professor clearly showed
that Officer Hoi brook's allegation, that the
animal was as gentle . as could be, was
erroneous. ,
The animal nearly kicked the training
wagon to pieces, and when Gleason would
refer to the "gentle horse" a howl of
laughter would go up from the big crowd.
He had another interesting subject in
Tiger Jim, a six-year-old never har
nessed before. Lawsuit and Jim are, not
completely trained, however, and, In com
pany with two thoroughbred runaways,
will receive additional lessons this
evening. '''-■'• \\.
--■ » » — «
Supposed Incendiary Fire.
A supposed incendiary fire at 3614 Mission
street Wednesday night is being investigated
by Fire Marshal Towe. It was In an unoccupied
two-story frame building owned by Attorney
Meyer Ruef. The fire started on the ground
floor and was extinguished before more than
$20 damage was done. It is supposed that a
tramp had got Into the building and built a
fire to warm himself.
FIGHTS THE WOLF
AT EIGHT YEARS
Story of a Small Girl Who
Supports a Large
Family.
Threatened With Arrest for
Singing in the Streets of
This City.
She and Her Mother Now Seeking
Means to Get to Their Home at
Bishop, Inyo County.
In many towns in Northern California,
during the past seven months, little Kosa
Fletcher, aged 8 years, has been singing
to the accompaniment of an accordion
played by her mother. She sang a few
nights lately in this City until the mother
was informed that she was liable to be ar
rested for begging. Yesterday she told
Per story to Officer Holbrook of the So
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Children.
She said that her home is in Bishop,
Inyo County. She went out there with
her husband and five children to settle
upon desert land which they took up.
Her husband fell from a hay-waaon, in
juring himself severely. They had no
money, and the support of the family fell
upon her alone. She conceived the idea
that her little girl's voice might bring
them in some money, i
She went with the little girl to Sacra
mento, but she was ashamed A to have her
sing there. But she went to lone, Ama
dor City, Sutter Creek, Jackson, Angels
Camp, Colusa, Bartlett Springs, Clear
Lake, Cloverdale, Ukiah, Santa Rosa,
Petaluma; Eureka, Fort Bragg, Ferndale,
Scotia, North Fork, Areata, Crescent City
and other towns, singing in the streets, on
boats and,elsewhere. The girl's voice took
well, and at 8 years of age she became the
support of a family consisting of the
father, mother and five children.
The mother economized and managed
to Jive and in seven months sent $150 home
to her husband at Bishop. But yesteroay
she was in a dilemma.
She dared not have her child sing in the
streets here, for fear she would be arrested.
She had not thought of this, but believed
that sue wouhl be able to earn enough
money here to take her home to Bishop,
the amount being something like $35. She
was nearly out of money, and saw no way
to reach Bishop, which is about 300 miles
from Reno.
"If they would let my little girl sing on
the ferry- 1 oats lor alitt'e while," she said,
'•perhaps I could raise the money 1 need
in tisat way. I would be endlessly thank
ful if that could be brought about."
Last night Mrs. Fletcher was facing a
problem hard to solve.
IN FRATERNAL LINKS.
A Grand Recorder of the Ancient
Order ot United Workmen
Resigns.
Evans Counci', 0 C F, Has a Public
Installation — The Frienls of the
Forest— Other Organizations.
Bey. W. Warne Wilson, who has been
grand recorder of the Grand Lodge, An
cient Order of United Workmen, of Michi
gan, since August, 1877, tendered his
resignation, to take effect on the last day
of last month, and no effort to induce him
to withdraw it availed. The retiring
grand recorder resigned from the office he
held for so many years because of his in
ability to agree with the new assessment
plan, which was adopted at the last held
Supreme Lodge session and which has
since been adopted by the grand lodges of
California, New York, Pennsylvania,
Wisconsin, Ohio, Kentucky, Tennessee,
Georgia and Louisiana and has proved
very satisfactory. All of the fraternal so
cieties that Lave been conducting busi
ness on the level assessment plan have
been forced to adopt some system to meet
the increase of loss as the order grows
older. Nearly half a century ago the
same experience was had in England, but
the different orders met the difficulty by
adopting some plan similar to what has
been adopted by the A. O. U. W., and the
result bas been continuous prosperity ever
since. In speaking of the resignation Mr.
Wilson said:
My present difference with the A. O. U. W. is
simply on a question of policy. I may be
right and I may be wrong, but I believe .that
the order is a grand institution, which bus
done an immense amount of good for the com
munity. There is uo reason for a member of
the order to lose iaith in it because of my res
ignation. I would under no circumstances
surrender my membership in the* order, of
which i was elected supreme master workman
in 1891, and of the Supreme Lodge, of which I
have been a member since 1881.
The retiring grand recorder has started a
new fraternal organization called the Colum
bian League, which will be conducted on lines
that accord with his policy.
J", vans Council, O. C. F.
The officers of Evans Council, Order of
Chosen Friends, were installed in public last
night in Social Hall, Alcazar building, in the
presence of a large number of visiting mem
bers and friend-' of the council by District
Deputy Fred A. Taylor, assisted by Grand Re
corder Wallis, acting as marshal. The officers
installed are Mrs. <'. J. Sweeny, C. (re-elected);
Mrs. M. J. McCall, V. C. ; Waller N. Brunt, I.;
Mrs. C. R. Sain, S. ; W. N. Brunt, T.; Mrs.
McAllister, P.; E. E. Chessman, M.; Mrs. Julia
Brown, W.; Mrs. E. Packer, G., and Mrs. Ellen
Murray, S.
Among those present were Past Supreme
Councilor C. M.Arnold, Past Grand Councilors
T. H. O'Brien, A. B. Sanborn, H. W. Hulton,
Grand Councilor M. Boehm, Grand Recorder
S. C. Wallis, Grand Treasurer Mrs. Clara Mc-
Donald and Grand Marshal Mrs.' C. J. Sweeny.
In precognition of her services during toe
past term the councilor, Mrs. Sweeny, was, on
behalf of the council, presented by C. M.
Arnold with a very h«ndsome gold badge set
witn diamonds, and during the evening each
person was presented as a souvenir of the oc
casion a neat calendar, got up by Treasurer
♦ • 9 fiHl*f*r** l *'ffi*i* t *tP ltHr ~*™* \V* i **!? m * ummm
The ceremony of installation was followed
by a short literary entertainment, a dance and
a collation. . ■■
Friends of the Forest.
The installation of the officers of Pioneer
Parlor No. 1 was held last Tuesday evening at
St. George's Hall, Mason street. D. F.
Brandon was the installing officer, assisted by
Dr. Lr-ffler, acting as marshal. The names of
the office are : Mrs. Bertha Mack re tt, past
president; Mrs. H. Boehm, president; Mrs.
Lena i*cholter, vice-president; Mrs. E. Mac
lalne, financial secretary; Mrs. Mary A. Neal,
recording secretary; Mrs. Carrie Crouse, treas
urer; Mrs. M. E. Soutlierland, prelate; Miss
Bertha Berwin, warden; Miss M. Pnipps, mar
shal; Miss Rose Gunther, inside guard; Mrs.
Emily Schultz, outside guard. After the cere
monies the members and invittd guests joined
in a social dance, after which light refresh
ments were served to all. * "• .*
This parlor is in a flourishing : condition
financially and socially and bids fair to mate
rapid strides for a prosperous career.
Independent Benevolent Association.
, The following named bay e been installed
as officers of the Independent Benevolent
Association for the ensuing term: J. Holz,
president; E. J. Barton, firs*, vice-president;
W. H. A. Schnoor, second vice-president; S. A.
Perry, recording* secretary; George E. Burn
ham, financial secretary; H. O. Perry,, treas
urer; William Fairgreaves, sergeant-at-arms.
After the ceremony there was a banquet
given in honor of J. E. Rines, the retiring
president.
Junior Order American Mechanics.
John Adams Council of Los Angeles has
elected the following named as officers for the
current term: J. S. Barnard, C. ; J. L. White
head, V.C.; E. E. Bradley, R. S.; N. Boiler,
A. R. S. ; W. Latkin, F. S. ; W. H. Eaton,' T.; D.
E. Lyons, cond. ; Frank Smith, W. ; A. B. Ward,
L 8.; C. H. Schront2, O. S.
Union Council has elected: A. H. S. Perkins,
C. ; M. D. Fistus, V. C. ; C. P. Bostwick, R. 6.;
J. R. Duncan, A. R. S. ; W. E. Keeler, F. S. ; D.
Swanson, T. ; J. H. Fulton, cond.; W. S. Red
dington, W.; E. bpangler, I. S.; il. C. Reglsier,
O. W.
W. S. Hancock Council has elected the fol
lowing: J. Farmer, C. ; L. R. McCoy, V. C. ; J.
F. Burns. R. R. ; C. H. Brown. A R. S. ; \V.
Dodge Jr., F. S.; A. H. Liscomb. T. ; C. J.
Nicoll, cond.; J. B deson, W. ; K. R. Bradley,
1.5.; G. T. Eugel, O.S.
Washington Council of Santa Barbara has
chosen the following named: T. S. Sample, C. ;
R. E. Gilbert, V. C; C. H. Thomas, R. S. ; H. C.
Jenkins, AR. S. ; John Luudberg, F. S. ; J. T.
Cram, T. ; Robert Reynolds, conductor; R.
Visdin.W.; 0. A. Baker, I. S., and W. S. Cole
man, O. S.
Order of Fendo.
here was a large attendance at the public In
stallation of the officers of Golden Gate Council
last Monday. There were present * Mrs. M. J.
Fagen, P. C; J. J. Fagen, C. : G. Waterman, V. C;
! truest Duden, a.; W. T. Jones, T.; Miss Katie
Geary, chaplain; Mrs. H. K. Morrell, G. ; Miss
Maoel Gray, W.; and J. J. Swanson. sentinel, wno
were installed by H. W. Matthews, 8. CL, assisted
by W. J. Sbaukey, P. C. After the ceremony there
was presented a fine programme— song, music and
recital. ous— in wnich Mrs. Fagen, J. J. Swanson,
Miss Mabel Gray, Professor Henry D. Pelle and
Mrs. Mary Jackson look par:. An instructive ad
dress was delivered by me supreme councilor.
Dancing loliowed. This council has eight candi
dates to lvi.late at its next me ting.
Une bun .red and lour certificates were issued
during December.
Thirteen applications were received from Pasa
dena council by tue supreme secretary las'- week.
Auge.eno Council celebrated i.s removal to new
headquarters by an entertainment lust Wednes
day.
silver Star No. 47 Is the banner council as to
initiations, It took in thirty-five members on the
la t day of December and during the numb ini
tiated fifty-three members.
RIVETERS WALK OUT.
Pacific Boiling-Mill .Employes on the
Spreckels Building Demand
Higher Wages.
About twenty-five riveters in the employ
of the Pacific Rolling-mills quit work
yesterday morning because tneir em
ployers refused to increase their wages 25
cents a day. The men were engaged in
the construction of the new Claus Spreckels
building on Market and Third streets.
The men laid down their tools shortly
after 7 o'clock. A little later Patrick
Noble, superintendent of the rolling-mills,
appeared upon the scene, and a com
mittee of the men waited upon him and
made known their demands.
The riveters stated that while the iron
and steel work was progressing skyward
the danger, too, was increasing, and they
thought they should be paid $2 75 a day
instead of $2 50. As the element of danger
had entered into their occupation the/
believed that their employers should make
an increase over the prevailing schedule.
Superintendent .Noble refused to accede
10 the demands of the men, "who empha
sized their demands by removing their
working overalls and blouses. The best of
order prevailed, and no one on the street
was aware that there was any difference
of opinion between employer and em
ployes, t
As each riveter was allowed a helper,
the latter were, of course, familiar with
the nature of tne work, and they were at
once promoted to tne positions of riveters.
A lew iron-workers were taken upon the
job to fill tbe vacancies. As the major
part of the iron and steel work is about
finished, it is believed that it will be com
pleted without great inconvenience.
As the case stands, the rolling-mill offi
cers believe that the men will return to
the work, particularly where there is so
little more to be done.
Several conferences were held yesterday
between the disagreeing parties, but no
settlement was reached. It is said that
the trouble was started by the riveter^,
learning that one of their number was to
receive an increase of 25 cents a day, ana
the others believed that all should be paid
alike. Mr. Noble explained that the case
cited was that of a man who bad been
promoted to the position of foreman of
the riveters, and upon whom additional
responsibility was imposed. The walkout
does not alfect the other workmen on the
building.
Divorces Granted Yesterday.
Divorces have been granted as follows:
Mary Frances Agard from George Lumley
Agard, for desertion and failure to provide;
A.J.Ernest from Olive E. Ernest, for deser
tion; Alice Horgan from -Michael E. Horgan,
cruelty; Antone Fritz from Lottie Fritz,
cruelty; Maria R. Reed from Charles M. Reed,
desertion. . ' "
Charles C. Venn Missing.
Charles C. Venn, a painter living at 3002
Laguna street, is missing. On Monday last he
collected $40 due him and has not been seen
or heard of since. He is 49 years of age, 5 feet
B'^ inches tall, gray chin beard and mustache.
The police were notified last night of his dis
appearance.
3lont*;oli»n Shoplifters.
Ah Sing and Hop Kee, two Chinese, were ar
rested in the Emporium yesterday and booked
for petty larceny. They were caught in the
act of stealing purses trom one of the coun
ters. They had beeu daily frequenters of the
big store lately and their actions aroused sus
picion.
KEW TO-DAY.
For Weak Men.
f%ff^ *Dr Sandens ' \&P\
EgtcTwc Bci-t .'' *^Spj^j
Not cheap, but >£b. Cheap Elec-
powerful in its c*fe trie Belt* are
curative -*Hggg. like cheap Jew-
strength, and C^^i^i elry. No one
still cheao com- *"r!*J, '£J~? ever bought
pared with its --•*■«►-- diamonds to r
saving in doctor the price of
bills. ■ glass.
DR. SANDEVS ELECTRIC BELT
1,3 warranted under a forfeit of $5000 to
give"a*a'electric current which can be felt
as soon as applied to the body. This cur-
rent is kept up continually for hours, fill-
ing the body completely with vital force
and energy. It is a quick and positive
cure for all nervous afflictions, kidney and
similar troubles. Rheumatism. Lame
Back, Weak Memory, Sciatica, Varicoceje
and all weakness in men or women. No
other remedy cures so quickly, so surely.
It is the acme of electrical -application, 7
warranted for one year.
Every town in the United States has one
or more people who have been cured |by
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt. If you are
weak or ailing it is 'he only safe remedy
to use. Full information and names of
hundreds cured can be found in Dr. San-
den's book, "Three Classes of Men,"
which is free, sealed, by mail.
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO.,
632 Market St., opposite Palace Hotel, San Fran-
cisco. CaL Office hours— B a. m. to 6 P. If. ; eve
ines, 7to 8:30: Sundays, 10 to 1. Los Angeles
office. 204 South Broadway. Portland, Or., 255
Washington st. Consultation free and invited.
NOTE— Make No Mistake in the Number, 632
Market Street. , - " "■"'"•. - '.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
CHARLES H. PHILLIPS. ATTORNEY-Atk
Law and Notary Public, 638 Market at., oppo
site Palace Hotel. Telephone 570. Resldsnca IKSUI
aV'«U cirett. Telejp&Qaa "ft*-*" 2491.
jrEw to-dat: .
MUNYON'S
DYSPEPSIA
CURE.
Munyon's Stomach and Dyspepsia Cur*
cures all forms of indigestion and stomach
troubles, such as rising of food, distress after
eating, shortness of breath, palpitation and
all affections of the heart caused by indi-
gestion, wind on the stomach, baa taste,
offensive breath, loss of appetite, faintness
or weakness of the stomach, headache
from indigestion, soreness of the stomach,
coated tongue, heartburn, shooting pains
of tbe stomach, constipation, dizziness,
faintness and lack of energy. Price 25c.
A separate cure for each disease. At all
druggists, mostly 25c a vial.
Personal letters to Prof. Munyon, 1505
Arch street, Philadelphia, Pa., answered
with free medical advice for any disease.
CAUTION TO THE PEOPLE OFTHE
STATE OF CALIFORNIA: Slany un-
scrupulous drug* cutters, who, having;
forced the selling price of MUNYON'S
REMEDIES to cost, and, therefore, not
desiring to sell them, will tell you that
these remedies are not good, and will
try to persuade you to take some other
preparation, which they will recom-
mend as being better. Such men are
not deservin*; of your confidence or
patronage. Therefore do not be de-
ceived by them, but INSIST upon get-
ting '• UNYON'S. •
■fagMgaaßßßaanatm
I Philadelphia
I Shoe Co. Wo. 10 Third St.
■ stamped on a SHOE MEANS standard OF MERIT
A DOUBLE BLOCKADE.
On Monday morning we will Inaugurate
one of the greatest Blockade Hales ever
known. We kicked hard about the >pr(-ck-
els fence and do yet. But next week when .
the Exam starts to tear down the -Nu-
cleus building, across the street, we will
certainly suffer. With Spreckels blocking
one side* and the Examiner the other side
of Third street we will have to offer ex-
traordinary bargains to do business. This
we are prepared to do. We are through
stock taking, and have marked our shoes
down to bedrock figu es. as the following
prices will prove. 1 allei' Extra Fine Kid
Button t-hoesforSll '45. sizes 2V*». '■*, 3VS-.
widths AA, A, B. C. Regular price 84.
Odd lots. t*mall sizes, if your feet are
small you are strictly in it.
952.50 tow Woman's
I il ll Ladies' twentieth
[i "A- lAf century Lace
R xjw V 1 Shoes, cloth or kid
E.^^^ \ / tops, new co n toe,
Rl I "*_****^-rfov_ W medium heavy
«^*** , V^. Js* soles > fair stitch,
h"""*B"""L« maaaaaaaaaamSZ straight vamps,
finest vici kid During this sale reduced to
9: 50, regular price 3.
It takes more /—* i [^* —
money to shoe the az it 3C _j3.
children than the —
grown folks, is an l^ - *!
oft-repeated re- I < m
mark, but during I < i
our sale we will al- / •*£) J
most give chil- _^"*»' \
dren's shoes away. ./*"r «
Children and v'Cii^ a
Misses' Congo la r^-V*^ '3
Kid Button -hoes, 0&l^ asm f*|
spring heels, pa- mama a%asm^^aa^^samtam
tent leather tips, sizes 8 to 2, reduced to
65c, regular j-rice $1 26.
Sl. so. :] _ v
___ ladies' Cloth or
njrffTßV Kid Top IVi 1 1 on
fe.***fr<*J -hues. pointed or
■P'KjJ medium square
f^r' 1 toes and V shaped
jSwfe'S patent leather
AT : *%'*■» l I IS - b, ' st vcl Kil1 '
J5-*s~*'' Ji ' olid wearers, neat
VCy^C---^^* titters. l.educed
Ar*2Z^\- ]ta f durlnu this sale to
_— »- --^ — *\L^* \a\w s *". SO, regular
■^^rm— is*Tt*^*ii r i *™*-* price $2.
. ..... a . in. HutMMiSi medium round
toes, reduced 10 25c.
Ladles' Best 6-X Beaver Overgaiters. Re-
duced to 35c. iieguiar price Jl.
tlaT Country orders solicited. * v
KST Send for New Illustrated Catalogue.
Address — —
B. KATCHINSKI.
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.. |
IO Third St.. San Frsnpi^i. 1
m^m^mm^ma^msssmaa^^i^mamaammsssmssaam^si^am^
<X>oo-0-00-0-Oh<>o<><>
AN EXCELLENT
"If 7TT*? A T Properly prepared and
\\j\ i' f\ I promptly served, can
XwiJL^* *m always be obtained in
THE GRILL ROOM OF THE
Decidedly the *p\ AT A •1 1 ' *
XK g p r«- r ALACh
ment in town. »«, .mm-inn. »■...■■
<>o<><>OhO-<K><><>-0-0-0-
L. A. Bertellng Pres. H. Nordman, Vice-
A. W. Kirk, Sec. . Jos. Nordman, Treaj.
427 KEARNY STREET,
Is the very best place to have your eyes examined
and fitted to glasses with Instruments exclusively
our own, whose superiority has not yet been
equaled. .
We have no rivals. .We value our reputation;
we guarantee satisfaction, and depend solely upon
the merits of our work for success.
*'-4~***9£3^^*ri.o Dig 6is a -poisonous
*t*^M^^ remedy for Gonorrhoea,
JfSmW^^ it Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
AbSLW in 1 tosJ»ys.Ta Whites, unnatural die-
gßem Ooanatwd *■ charges, or any inflatunia-
Sw*Jf n»« to striewre. tion, irritation or ulcera-
gj— 4" Prevents eonugion. tion of mucous mem-
Ta'siITHEEVAHS CHEMICHCo. francs. Non-astringent
IdAciNCINNATI.O ■ I Sold b^ I»ruggi»tr,
V.S x 5»-i or Bent ' n plain wrapper.
«^^"^**W. ' ' \^s\r^m\ by express, prepaid, foe
•Vs4^ka\\\\\\\\\\9K®\\ 1 - 00 - or 3 bottles, ?.7\
e *aC*By* ■ Ciicular sent or. *■ .mat.
»mi m mag m m a laxative refreshing fat
a II Wl li M fru,t lozenge,
* n I'll nil very aj-xeeable to take.
CONSTIPATION
hemorrhoids, bile,
i Al fl M f" . M loss of appetite, gastric and
111 11 I &" II loss of appetite, gastric and
n| I I" ra intestinal troubles'and
0 IB II I k If headache arising
j ' from them.
Qnilll I IN 33 Rue dcs Archives! Part*
mUhLVII Sold by all Druggists.
cosmopojjlt .A.3XT.
Opposite U. 8. Mint, 100 and 102 Fifth St., Saa
Francisco, Cal.— The most select family hotel In
the city. Board and room *1, 91 25 and SI 50 pet
day, according to room. - Meals 2dc. Booms 50a
and 76c a day. Free coach to and from the hotel,
took for the coach • bearing the name of the Uoa*
BMMUt-M HoteL WM. FAHi*, Prupnsio*.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD ilsK DAMIANA BITTEKS. THK
great ' Mexican Remedy: - gives Health aa4
Bnem*Ui to tbe sexu*i Omana,
910
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver unchanied.
Wheat and Bar.ey Futures firmer.
Oats quiet, Kye dull. Corn lower.
Hay and Feedstuff* unchanged.
Nothing-doing In Beans.
potatoes and Onions advancing.
D airy Butter lower. Cheese weak.
Eggs continue to decline.
Poultry again In over-supply.
name weak and dull.
Eastern Apples unsalable.
Citrus Fruits dull.
Dried Fruits motionless.
Beef very firm.
Hides weak and quiet.
Increased shipments of Specie.
Larger Revenue Collections.
SPECIE SHIPMENTS.
shipments of specie from this por. In 1896 were
$28,548,840, against $26,405,310 in 1895. The
leading descriptions were $11,742,795 in gold
com $5.788.90 dln silver lion. $8,197,750 in
MexUan dollars and $1.918.7*9 in currency and
bonds China .001. .-. 7,167,437. Ja an $*.B*"s -*0».
Honolulu $1,012,.90 and New York $13,1e9,615.
REVENUE COLLECTIONS.
Internal revenue collections in this district In
1896 were $2,410,019, against $2,067.1*46 in 1895.
1 ast year's collections included $599,348 for beer.
$1,816,061 for spirits and $204,663 for cigars and
tobacco.
• EXPORTS OF BREADSTUFFS.
ports of flour from this port in 1896 were
1,174,958 barrels, a?alnst 950.4b8 barrels In 1895.
Reducing this flour to wheat and adding it to the
exported wheat gives total exports of 1 readstuffs
for 1896 of 15,738,3*8 centals, valued at $18,677,
--640, against 14,011,000 centals, valued at $13,
--314,100, In 181-6.
Explanation.
Tbe arrow flies with the wind. Tbe top figures
ct station indicate maximum temperature for the ,
days; those underneath it. if any, the amount of :
rainfall, of melted snow in Inches and hundredths, '
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid J
lines, connect pom s of equal air pressure; iso- '
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. Ihe
word "hieh" means high tarometric pressure and j
Is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low" |
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded '
and accompanied by cloudy weather 'and rains, i
"Lows" -is .ally first appear on the Washineton
coast. When the pressure is high in the interior j
nnd low alone the coast, and the Isobars extend t
north and south along the coast, rain is probable:
but when th? "low-- 1* inclosed with isobars of |
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is tmprob
able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these conditions
will produce an opposite result.
iu;aih:.i' iiiiead REPORT.
United States Department ok Agricul
ture Weather Bureau, San Francisco, Jan.
4. 1897, 5 p. m.Weather conditions and general
forecast:
EJThe fo.lowing are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of the same date last sea
son and rainfall during the past twenty-four
hours:
Eureka '.'8.04 inches. last season 16.76. last 24
hours .00: Red Bluff 11.81. last season &88. last 24 I
hours .14: San Francisco 11.11. last season 4.83,
last 24 hours trace; Fresno 4. 78 last season I.ll,last
24 hours .08; San Luis I h.spo 9 58, last season 4,
last '.4 nours, .11: Los Angeles 7.62, last season
1.71. last 24 hours 1.06 San Diego 90. last, season
1.57, last 2*4 hour 1.60; Yuma 4.64, last season
.32, last 24 hours 2-08.
Haa Francisco data—Maximum temperature 53,
minimum 44, mean 48.
A storm is central to-night over Southern Cali
fornia. Unusually heavy rains and high winds
are reported throughout Southern California and
Arizona. At Yuma there has been a rainfall of I
more than two Inches In the past twelve hours. !
Along the coast from san Luis >. bispo southward
th<* rainfall has been continuous and heavy.
1 he pressure has risen Over ti.e northern half of
the Pacific Slope, causing fresh northerly wind*
from San Francisco norm ward.
If the storm now prevailing over Southern Cali
fornia moves northward he ivy rains may be ex
pected i riday night and Saturday north of San
Francisco.
'1 be temperature has remained nearly station
ary over the entire country west of the Rock/
Mountains.
The following maximum wind velocities are re
ported: Los Angeles, 34 miles per hour from the
east: san Diego, i.4 southwest; Yuma, 34 south
east.
Information signal is hoisted at Eureka and San
Francisco -" warn southbound vessels of heavy
weather off the coas: of Southern California.
forecast made at San Francis' for 30 hours
ending midnight. January 15, 1897:
.Northern California—Fair Friday, except In
southern portion, where rain Is likely; fresh north
«rly wind*.
Southern California—Rain Friday; high easterly
winds.
Nevada—-"now In southern portion Friday.
Utah—Cloudy weather and probably slow Fri
day: colder.
Arizona—Heavy rain Friday, with hleh winds.
San Francisco and vicinity—temporarily lair
Friday; probably rain in the afternoon and night;
fresh northeasterly winds.
Alexander McAdte,
Local Forecast Official.
NEW YORK MARKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK, N. V.. Jan. H.-Stocks were dv 1
and strong throughout the day. The sales were
only 106 112 shares. Reports that the Illinois
Leclslature will puss a consolidation bill and the
rear approach of the dividend lime strengthened
Chicago cas and It rose to 77. Manhattan ad
vanced % per eet. 0.1 attempt to cover short con
tracts Tennessee Coal and Iron was in demand on
the election of Messrs. Payne and McGhietothe
directory: The bituminous coal shares continued
weak, Whee. ing and Lake Erie falling to 23/ i, the
preferred to 11 and Hocking Valley to 16. The
demoralization of the soft coal trade accounts for
the decline in these securities Net changes show
gains of 1 4® IV, per cent, sugar leading. Wheel
ing and 1 ake En- preferred lost 2 per cert.
r>onds were strong. The total sales were 91.
--631,000. Chicago and Northern Pacific fives cer
tlthates rose 1%: Erie 2 extension fives. 2%:
Illinois Centra) fours of 1925, I%*. Long and
f evens, 1%; NewEnglanl sixes, 13/4: do sevens,
31/2: . orthern Pacific thirds, 1; Northwestern
mil ing fund sixes, 1%: Richmond and Danville
consul .sixes. 1 1/8 In Government bonds, coupon
fours of 1925 sold at 121@120%.
Grain.
FLOUR— DuII, easy; unchangei. Southern flour
unchanged. Rye flour quiet, easy.
COR.NMKA-L— Steady, unchanged.
RYE— Dull, unchanged. - Western car lots, 43©
44 c; cI. f. Buffalo at 47: f. o. b. at *B%c.
BARLEY— Feeding. 35%(i*5%c.
WHEAT— Spot market fairly active for export,
firmer. F. 0. b , 90c; ungraded red. 79®99c; No.
1 Northern, ; "4'"
Options were iairty active and firm, closing at
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WMEELOCK & CO.,
<L Leidesdorff St. Tel. Main 1954-
CENTRA I. OFFICE
623 Market su. Palace Hotel. Tel. Main 5144.
Uptown Office— Baldwin Hotel (adjoining Grill
Rocrjj). Tel. Main 339.
PCRDY Si ATKINSON Managers.
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo-
tations. Reference Ist National Bank, S. F.
CHICAGO. PRIVATE WIRE. ttikW YORK,
an advance o % / 7 - c May anl July most ac- |
tive. No. 2 red, January. 89% c; March. 90% c; :
.May, 87c; July. Bi%c. \
COl.-N— Snots moderately active, stronger, "Na f
2. 29@29%c elevatoi, 30%'- afloat; steamer,
mixed. 28c; No. 3 wnite, *<9c; steamer, white,
29% c: ungraded white, 29% c
options were dull ana firm at ViSlVi-" advance.
May and July on y traded in. January, -9%c;
May, hO%: July, 32c.
OATS— Spots dull, steady.
Opt, ons dull, firmer. January, 22% c: February,
22& 8 c; May, 23% c
spot prices: No. 2. 22% c: No. 2 white,
24% c: Na 2 Chicago, 231/4 C; No. 3, 30 Vie; No.
8 wnite, 22c; mixed We&teru, 22<a>24c; wnite do.
•.3<g»3ou.
Provisions.
I a "Rr>_ stronger, better demand. Western
steam. $4 27%: city, $85; Janua*y, $4 SO: re
fined, firmer, quiet continental, $4 60; S. A.,
$ l 80. conn ouiid. 4%@4Vic
PoRK — Firmer: new mess, $8 50@9.
BUITKr.- steady, moderate demand; Western
creamery. 13@.0c:'do factory, 10(fbl4c: imitation
creamery, ll«316c.
ciiEESE— Firm, fair demand: part skims,
4(jißc: full skims. 2%@3c.
US — Steady; 1, enouse. 13*3 15 c; Western
fresh. 17c: do case, $1 75@3; limed. i3Vs@l4c.
ALLOW— Quiet, stead.; city, 8 Vie; couutry,
SS/gf-j-i.-s^c.
NSEED OlL— Firm, moderate demand;
crude. io%c; yellow prime, 23 %c.
RICK— J-,rai; Domestic, 3%<gibc; Japan, 4Vs@
4VsC
MOLASSES— Quiet. New OrleHns. 2@3**-
COFFEE— steady; 15 to 25 po.nts down,
March. $9 45@9 50: July, $9" 65: Auuist, $9 70;
September, $b 60®9 70. Spot Rio dull, ecsy; No.
7, 10c.
SUGAR— Quiet; No. 1 to Na 8. Vs- lower;
No. 9 to Na 13, 3-1 Be lower; Na 14, %c down;
No. 6. 8 1-16 c: No. 7. 33/ 4 c; No. 8, 3 11-16 c; No.
9, 3 11-ltic; No. 10, 3%c; No. 11. 3 9-16 c: No. 12.
3Vjc; .No. 13,37-16. oil A. 4t<j4Vs ; : mold A, 4 6, c;
standard A, 4%c; confectioners' A, 414 c:
cut loaf, 6c; crushed. sc; powdered, 46 c; granu
ated, 4 %c; cubes, 4%c
Fruit and Produce.
A TRICOTS— Bags. 9® lie.
TEA CD* t-Peeled, bags, 13@15c: unpeeled,
boxes, 8 " 10c.
PRUNES— Four sizes, nominal, BV»c.
RAISINS— Two-crown, loose mv catel. 4%c ft
ft>; 3-crown, 6%c: 4-crown. 6%c; seeded, 8%
@9c; l.onuon layers. $1 40; clusters, $1 66(5.2.
A i MONDS— soft shells, 889 I ' c; do paper shell,
11® 12c
WALNUTS— Standard. 7Vic; soft shell. 9c.
Hops— Firm, moderately active. Pacific Coast,
BVz@l3c.
>\ oOL— Quiet. Domestic fleece, 18923 c; pulled,
18(ai31c: Texas, 7@l2c
Merchandise.
IIGIRON— Quiet. American, $11*316.
COl'Pl- R— Fti mer. Lake. $11 00@l 1 80.
LEAD-Sleadv. Domes'. 1. .: 3 <■*.-%
'1 1.\— Quiet, --traits, 1 30.
G-U'jii — Dull. Domestic $3 fcs@3 96.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, 111.. Jan. 14.— Trading in wheat
this morning began at weaker prices, which soon
developed a little activity, a rally taking place.
While the sentiment continues bearish, there is
considerable caution exercised by "short selleis,
who. although expressing extreme confidence in
their position, are nevertheless guided in their
action by recent disastrous experiences. Tbe
Liverpool cables conveyed weakness at the open
ing, a decline of %@ld being reported at that
place. Receipts at Chicago were 17 cars, and 46,
--399 bushels were taken from store The North
west had 277 cars, against 209 list Thursday and
423 a yerr ago. The Llncinnkti Price Current re
ported the growing crop in a lavorable condition.
Heavy export clearances of wheat and flour
helped prices late iv the session, shorts covering
moderately. Closing Continental cables were ir
regular. May wheat opened at 79 %<&79s/ g c. ad
van eec to J-OR-gc, closing at 80Va@S05/BC, %<;
higher than yesteiday. hstimated receipts for to
morrow. 12 cars Ko. 2 red spot wheal ranged
from 86% cto 8 . 5 8 c, closing about Va^fcSJygC.
CORN— An occ^i iunal trade In com was some
thing to excite comment. Business was fliw dull
and listless- Com mission men be.vaded the inac
tivity and lack of orders, and local traders were
doing little. Of course the direction 01 prices was
regulated by ttie action of wheat Receipts were
106 cars There ■ now! hdrawa's from store. j
Liverpool caoies were %d decline. May corn j
opened at 24%024%c,'aavanced to 24%®2jC, !
where It closed, %c higher than yesterday. Esti- j
mated receipts for to-mor.ow, 240 cars.
Reflected the trregu ari y of wheat. The |
market was moderately active. Receipts were 109 j
cars, and 8. .314 bujheis were withdrawn from
store. Exports wer- large a: 2, 1.610 bushels.
May orts closed 3,-,® I 2 higher than yesterday. ,
Estimated receipt* ior .0- morrow. 165 cars.
FLA X— "so. 1 1. ash, 75c; Norta western, 76c; ]
M«y, 7»c. Rec lpts were 11 curs
PROVI loNS— Tne product market bad quite a I
boom during tbe morning, a fair all-around ad- ]
vance in prices talcing place. Higher prices at the
yards was the principal consideration. A fading
off 110 m last year .v the packing to March 1. as J
per the Cincinnati Price current, also helped val
ties. May po. k closed '-".:' 2 higher, May lard 10c
higher and Mayr.o- lOal-Vi*- higher
BUTTER— The buiter market was quiet and
steady to-day. Offerings were moderate and only !
lo.al orders were received. Prices were un- i
changed.
creameries— Extras. '9c: firsts, 17®18c; sec
onds, 1401oc: imitations, fancy. 1. -1014 c. Dairies— !
extras. 17c: firsts. 1 401 5 c; seconds. 9010 c, La
dles—Extras, lUtftllc arsis. t>V2WD%^i packing
stock, be; grease. 2%©3 c; roil butter. !*c.
KGG — (irt>-rtn t were large and the demand
light. The fee. ing was easy. Fresh stock, 14c ft
dozen.
MONEY— Was quoted at 6@6% on call and time
loans. New \on. exchange was sola at 50c
discount.
Hosing Prices.
WHEAT — January, 78c; May. 80%©806} c;
July. 76.
CORN— January, ®22»>4ct May, 247/ @2sc;
July. *^6c; September. "i7c.
OATs— January, 16% c: May, 19@19%c.
PORK— January, $, 9:-!%: May, *l) Ij
LARD— January. *4 02%: May. $4 17HJ,
RIR3-January, 94 12%; May, 94 20.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, 111.. Jan. 14.—Re
ceipts of cattle to-day were moderate, but the de
mand was slow and prices showed no improve
ment. Ihe demand for bogs was brisk. The sup
ply Was not as large as expected and piices ad
vanced 5c per 100 pounds. Trade in sheep and
iambs whs fairly active, at stundy prices.
CAT 1 LK- Receipts. 1 1,000. Fancy beeves, $5 30
05 50: choice to prime steers, $4 90©5 26; good to
choice steers. 84 5004 85; medium steers, 94 .-00
4 50; lair beef steers. 53 .'•<-©- 00; good to prime
Blockers ana feeders, =13 7504 f)i'; fair to good
stockers and feeders. 93 2503 70. bulls, choice to
extra, 93 5003 ,6 do, poor to choice. 82 0003 25;
cows and heifers, choice to prime, 83 60<g,4 6;
cows, fair to choice, 82 5003 50: cows, common j
to fair canni-rs. $1 7502 45; calves, gooa to fancy, !
45 5006 LO; calves, common to good. 83 5U04 45; i
lexas ted steer,. $3 03,4 25: milkers and spring
ers, f* head, 825040.
HOGS-Receiu.s, .8,000. Heavy packing and
shipping lots, S3 2503 47%: common to choice :
mixed, $3 . o'g3 50; choice assorted. $3 40©
50; light, $3 3003 50; pigs, 83 2003 50.
SHE P— Receipts. 16.0J0. Inferior to choice,
$2 5003 80; la obi, .-?.> 5003 86.
Receipts at Omaha.
FOUTH OMAHA. Nf.br.. Jan 14 HOGS—Re
ceipts. 4600. Market opened 6c hlctber; closed 10c
higher, light and mixed, 93 2003 30; heavy,
S3 05*43 25. S*HRn
CATTLK— Receipts. 2220. Market, stronger.
Steers. $3 4004 20: cows, 9S@3 60.
SHEEP— Receipts. 2100. Market steady. Mut
tons 93 30; lambs, 84 50.
Receipts at Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. Jan. 14. — HOGS—Re
ceipts, 9000. Steady. Light 93 2603 35; medium,
91 2503 3.:%; heavy. $3 1503 27%; pigs. 92 90
©3 16.
CATTLE— Receipts of cattle were 5000. Steady.
Native steers, best, 84 1504 70; fair 10 good. 93 15
©4 15: cows ami helfeis best, 93 2. 03 60; fair to
good. $1 :io@3 20: bulls $'2 2003 15; stockers
and feeders. 93 1503 80: Texas and Western.
9: 7503 50; calves, 850)3
bji*-EP— Receipts, 1500; firm. Lames, 12 8505;
muttons, $203 70-
NEW YORK STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Shares.
Money on call easy at 1%@2% : last loan at 1%%.
Prime mercantile paper. 3%03**4¥. Bar silver,
64» 4 c Mexican dollars. 60%051 Sterling ex
change firmer, with actual business in bankers'
bills a*- 84 84%©4 »6 for 60 days and 84 87%0
4 87% for demand. Posted rates. 94 85%04 Bb%.
Commercial bills, 94 83%@4 84%. Government
bonds firm: State bonds steady; railroad bonds
higher. Silver neglected.
CI.OKIXO STOCKS. .
Am Tet & Cable... 85 North American.. » . 4%
Atchison 14 Northern Pacific. 13%
Preferred 23% Pr-ferred ........ 33%
Adams Express. ..l6o Northwestern 103%
Alton, Terre Haute 64 Preferred 163
American Express 110 N V Central 933/4
American lobacco 78% N Y. Chicago<fes»tL 113
Preferred 10* Ist preferred 76
Bay btate Gas 11% 2d preferred. 26%
Baltimore A Ohio.. 15 \ Y<& N R 177
Brunswick Lands. "vs N V it New Eng... 45
Buffalo, Roch <& P. lt% N V & W.... 9
Canada Pacific 66% Preferred .' 24%
Canada Southern.. 44 Ontario ;. 10%
Canton Land....... ' 60% untano & Western 14%
Central Pacific L- % Oregonlmprovmnt— —
Ches A 0hi0....... 17% Preie-red
Chicago Alton 143 Oregon Navigation 13
Preferred 174 Oregon Short Line. 14%
Chicago, B & Q. :.. 71.% Pacific Mai1........ *243/ 8
Chicago A E 111.... 40 , Peoria. D A Evans 2
Preferred 90 Pittsburg A W pfd. 1»
Chicago Ga5........ 77 . Puilman Palace.... 16 > %
Cleve A Pittsburg. 166 Quicksilver 1%
Consolidation Coal. 37% Preferred 10
Consolidated Gas.. 142 Reading 26%
CCC ASt Louis... 2b RioOrande&Westa 12
Preferred 78%' 1 referred 40
Colo Fuel A IrcJ.. 22541 Rock Island 67%
Preferred ... 70 RomeWatAOeden.li7
Cotton Oil Cert.... 141/481 LAS W\... 4%
Commercial Cable. 165 1 Preferred 10%
Del Hudson ill let Pau1..... 74%
Del Lack AWestrn. 155 Preferred *30%
Denver A 11% St Paul A Duluth.. 2.%
Preferred......... 4.% Prelerred ....... 80
Distillers .St Paul A Omaha.. 49%
General Electric... 3 % ! Preferred... 130
Erie 14% St MA M 112
Preferred.: 33 I Silver Certificates. 64%
Fort Wayne 166 southern Pacific... 18%
Great Northern DMIIB ' Southern R 9%
(ireen8ay....*...... - % Preferred.*. 87%
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 15, 1897.
Harlem ...29J Sugar Refinery.... 1 ) 3»/ 8
Hocking Coal- 83 /4 i  Preferred 101%
Hocking Valley... 16Va|Tenn Coal <fe Iron.. 28%
Homestake 35 Preferred bO
H «fc Texas Central ! Texas Pacific 9%
Illinois Central.... 93 Toi A A <& N Mich.
lowaCeutral 7Vi Toi Ohio <fc Central 36
Preferred 2."> Preferred 60
Kansas & Texas... 13% bi Louis <fc X C 5%
Preferred.-. 30% Preferred.. 15
Kingston <& Perm.. a ; Union Pacific....*.. 7
Lake Erie <fc Westn 16% U P Den &Gulf.„. 2
Preferred 67 U Cordage. —
Lake Snore 162%' Preferred — —
National lead 24 j Guaranteed — —
Preferred 68 C S Express 37
Longlslani 51 U S Leather. 8%
Louisville & Nash. 49%' Frelerred 61%
Louisville, N Aiouy %|U S Rubber 24
Prelerred. 1% Preferred 74%
Manhattan Con 89 Ulica * B River. ..l6o
Memphis & Charts 16 |\Vnb SL & Pacific 6%
Mexican Central... 7% 1 Preferred 15%
Michigan Central.. 90 j VVells-Earco 98
Minn it 1 Western Union.... 836/s
Preferred WisiOnsin Central. 2
Minn «fc st L com.. 18% Wheeling & L E... 2%
Ist preferred. ..,.. 76 I Preferred. 12%
2dDref-rred 46 Am Cotton Oil pfd. 65
Missouri Pacific... 20% U Beef 6
Mobile <fc Ohio 213/4 add Arbor
Nashville & chatt. 67% Preferred...- — —
National Linseed.. 14 Brooklyn Traction. 18*4
NJ Central - . 102% Erie 2d pfd. 20%
Norfolk & Westrn. 111/8 American Spirits.. 133/
Preferrea... 16% l Preferred 27%
CLOBI>O rUNUS.
Ala Class A 4«-....104 [Northern Pac 15t5. 11384
Do Class B 4. 6b. lU* Do 2d-
! Alabama, class C. 97 Do 3d*. 78Vi
| Atchison 48 80% Doconsolss. 643/4
Do2dsA 44% Or lmprovmni Ist- 90
i Canada Sooth 2ds. 105 , Do ss. 16%
i Cen Pac lsts of '9 s. |o X <fc N lsta 110%
i Cherokee 4s, 1896.103% Doconsol 5s —
Do 1897 10'i%'Or Short Line 65.. .112%
DOIB9B lOSVii Doconsol 5s 64
Do 1899 „1037/ 8 Pacific 6509 7...
i Ches <fe Ohio 55....109% H'rilla& Reading 4s' tilt/a
| Ch<ftN PTr Rets 5s 42 ' Do Ist pfd Incom. 47
i DC 8-668. 100%|K Grande West lsts 73%
] Den &R Ist 11l Ist L«fclronMlGen6s 72
Do 4s 883/ 4 St Lit sFGen 65..1u9
Erie 2ds 63Vj:S>t Paul C0n5015.. ..13u%
FtW&DenClty lsts 60 -t PC& Pa lsts ..115%
H& 8 A 104 So Carolina 4%5... 102%
Do2d7s. 97 Southern X 05... 89%
Gen Elec Deb 55... 90 Do Pac Cal 15t5. .107
& Tex Cent 65.. .106% Term new 3s 77%
Do con 6a 102 Texas Pac lsts 86%
lowa Central lsts.. 97 Texas Pac 2ds 21
Kansas Pa Consols 69 Union Pac lsts 93.103%
Pa lsts Den Dlvll4Vii I a 4s reg of 1925.120%
Li Consol 4s. 96 Do 4s, coupon 1203/ i
Missouri funding. C S 4s reg of 1907. 110%
I MX T 2ds 61% i Dojb, coupon... 111%
I Do4s. 88% Do2s 95*2
; Mobile & Ohio 45.. 67 Do 6s. Reg 114%
j Mutual Union 65.. 170 ' Do ss. c0up0n. ...1 14 %
N J Cent Gen 65.. .115% Va funding deot,.. 61%
N V C«fe St Louis 45104% Do registered.....
Nor & West Gen 65117 j Do deferred 65... 6
N Carolina con 4s. 100 Do trust rcptsipd 6
Do 6s 122 Wabash Ist 5s 107
Northwest Consols. 141 West enure 4».,.., i.06
Do deli 6s 109% •'>.:*•->;:
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHEAT IN" LIVERPOOL.
LIVERPOOL, Exo., Jan. 14.— spot market
Is quiet at 7s 2d@7s ia. Cargoes are quiet at
! 36s 6d, sellers, promnt shipment.
FUTURES.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
I Liverpool quotations ior No. 2 Red Winter: Jan-
I vary, 6s 6%d: February, 6s 9d; Maich, 6s
j 9%d: May, os 9%d.
6ECURITIKB.
LONDON, Kno., Jan. 14.— Consols, 111"7 B.8 '. sli
ver, 29 11-16 d; French Rentes, 102f 55&
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
j sterling Exchange, 60 days. — $485%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88%
I sterling Cables — 4 883,4
j New York Exchange, sight. — 12%
j New ork Exchange, telegraphic. — 15
Fine silver, per ounce — 64%
Mexican Dollars 52 62%
PKODUCE MAfiKET.
■WHEAT AM) OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT-The Muncaster Castle takes for Lon-
I don .*"5,101 centals, valued at 956,200. The
' market was steady and futures advanced.
j Quoted at $1 35@1 60 "j** ctl for common grades,
! $1 62%@1 65 "£ ctl for average Na 1, $1 67% for
j choice and 91 60@1 66 *$ ctl for extra choice
! milling, latter figure being the asking price.
CALL i;oari> sales.
Informal Session— 9:l6 o'clock— May— 2000
j ctls 91 65%: 6000. 91 65%.
fci-coND -ession— May— lo,ooo ctls. $1 6654;
10,000, $1 656/g. December— 2ooo, 91 84%: 20u0,
I «1 S3.
| Regular Morning Session— May- 6000 ctls.
9166: 6000, 9166%: 30,000,9156%. Decem-
I ber— 2ooo, *1 83% 2000. «i 33%; 4-..00, B*l 33:
' 16,0 00, 91 3-%; uOOO, 91 323/4*. 2000, -81 31*%.
AFTERNOON SESSION — Slay— 4ooo ctls, 91 66%;
4000, $1 563. 8 ; 6000, #1 66%.
BARLEY— Futures recovered some of tbe lost
! ground, spot prices were unchanged. We quote
! Feed, >-o(tt »33/ A c; choice bright, 85@87%c: Brew
i ing, 90@-7% c ; No. 1 Chevalier. 91 10@1 20 *$ ctL
(ALL HOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:l6 o'clock— No sat'
Second Session— May- 2000 ctls, 86c; 2000,
i 8-3V81:: 4000, 86% c: 8000. Htj%c
i ksi'i.ar Morning session— No sales.
t Afternoon Session— Max- 2000 ctls, 86% c;
, 4000. 86%.
OATS— Trade Is dull. Fancy Feed, 81 45. Com-
I mon to good White range SI 10 to $1 35. accord
i ing to quality. Black. fur feed,9sco*f~l Hi; for seed,
91 20©1 30; Cray, comma.; Red. 41 07%®1 12%;
Surprise, $1 51®! 60 '?. ctL
CORN — Lower prices are quoted again and the
feeling is very weak. Large Yellow, 750
77% c "fl. ctl; Small Round do, 95c; White, 77%
©BUC "£ ctl.
RYE— Weak, at 92%ff195c "fl ctL
BUCKWHEAT-Quottd at $1 16@1 25 *j"l cIL
FLOUR ANO MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are as follows: Family
extras. 95@5 10; Bakers' extras. $4 9005; Super
fine, 94 16@4 50 "J". Dbl.
COHNMEAL, ETC.— Feed Corn, -|!18@18 50;
Cracked Corn, 9 19819 50 "=» ton.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as follows,
i usu.d discount to the trace: Graham Flour, *2 85
"fl 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75 <** 100 lbs; Rice Flour,
' 86 75: Cornmeal. $2 35: extia cream do, 93;
'. oatmeal, 93 60; Oat. Groats. 94; Lominy, 93 10
@3 30: Buckwheat Flour, 93 2»@3 50: Cracked
i Wheat, 93 50; Farina, $4; Whole Wheat Flour.
; 93*. Rqiled Oats (bbls), $6 io(g>s 90; Pearl Bailey,
> $3 7604; Split Peas, $3 60; Green do, 94 25 "A
100 lbs. - -
HAY AND FEKOSTUFFS.
i Ail descriptions remain undisturbed.
j BRAN— *I3OI3 60 forthe best and $12012 50
I "fl ton for outside brands.
MIDDLINGS— 9IBOI9 for lower grades and
I 920@20 50 "fl ton for the best.
FEEDSTUFF'S— RoIIed Barley, $19 bo@2o;
! Oilcake Meal at the mlii, $26 50 V ton; jobbing,
■ 927 60: ripped oats, $1 4 until 50 *§ ctl.
HA V — Wheat, 9f@H: Wheat and Oat, 97®
I 10: Oat, 9<5@9; Baney, 8708 60; River Bar.ey,
[ 95f-*}6 60: Alfalfa, $6©7 6>>: compressed, $6®
i 9 50; slock, »5@6: tl. ver. 96*18 ft ton.
STRAW— 3o(j*»uoc "A bale.
REANS AND SEEDS.
Trade Is too dull for any change In prices.
BEANS— Bayos, 81 4001 55 *# ctl; Small Whites,
91 1601 30 *$ ctl: Large White* 9101 15 "ft
ctl;Pukß, 810501 20: Reds, tl 1001 20: Black
eye, $1 11/iS-l 20: Red Kidney, $2 50: Llmaa, $1 65
01 90. Butters, $1 2501 50; Pea, 81 1501 30.
SEEDS— Brown Mus.ard. 92 75*3: Yellow Mus
tard, 91 eOK*fi2 10 $ ctl: Flax, $1 3501 40- dinary
Re-d, ls^f^iVic "fl lb; Alfalfa, 6%c; Rape. 2%(3
2"Vie ; Hemp, 3c; Timothy, 4%c.
DRIED PH'AS— Niles, 8101 15* ctl; Green,
91 4001 60 "fl ctl.
POTATOES, CNION>, VEGETABLES.
Potatoes and Onions are slowly advancing.
Vegetables continue quiet,
POTATOES— sweet Potatoes, $1 25@1 75: Early
Rose. 70075 c: River Reds, 5 @6Uc; ISurbank
I Seedllnes, bt'o66c "fl eti for Rivers and 70c@$l
forSa.inas; Oregon Burbanks, — .■
ONIONS— 65@s5c **?" ctl.
VKGiTABLc.-s— Hot house Cucumbers, 50c@$l
"fl dozen; Hothouse Asnara.'us, 8015 c 9 Ib: Rhu
barb,— %l box; Los Angeles Summer Squash,
50c@$l "fl box; Los Angeles Green Peppers, 35©
50c V box: .) ushi corns. Bolsc V lb, later fig
ure ior buttons; Marrowfat squash, 95 "$ ton;
Los Angeles Tomatoes, 40c@c T "£ box; Dried
i Peppers, 7©Be "fl lb; Green Peas. 3©6 c'A lb: Los
j Angel's String Beans, 6taloc; Dried Okra, B@9c*fl
I lb: Cabbi-ge, 40@50c *■>» ctl; Carrots, 25030 cfl
I sack: Garlic, l%©2c ft lb.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTE — Humboldt keeps up, but all other
I kinds are wak and Dairy Butter is demoralized.
Creamery— Fancy near-by Creameries, 20©
21c, some specials bring more; seconds. 18@19c;
fancy Humboldt, 23@24c ft Ib.
Dairy— Fancy,l6%@l7%c; good to choice, 13©
16c: lower grades, 12% <! %l lb. - 4
Pickled— 13®15c fl lb. .
Firkin — 130 1 4 cr A lb.
Creamery Tiiß—lriialSc "fl lb.
j CHEESE— Choice mild new. 11011 %c "ft lb;
i common to good old, B'rflOc '-** lb; Cream Ched
dar, ll@12c; Young America, 11012.-; Western,
11%012%c: Eastern, 13®i4%c A lb.
EGGS —.- tore Eggs sod a. ihe lowest quotation.
Ranch Eggs are dull, itanch Eggs, 26@27c: store
Eggs, 20@23c; Eastern. 20c "ft doz. *
POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY— The tendency Is still downward and
the market is liberally supp led and weak.
Live Turkeys, 12014 eft lb for Gobblers, 13@16c
"ft Ib for Hens: Dressed Turkeys, 16® "fl lb;
Geese, "fl pair, $1 60©; 76; Ducks", 9506 50 "fl doz;
Hens, $3 6005; Roosters, young. $4 50*a;4 75: do,
old, 9404 26: Fryers, 9404 60; Broilers, 9404 25
for large and 92 5003 60 for small: Pigeons, 91 25
01 50 "pl doz for young and 91 tor old.
GAME— The market is well supplied and
dull. Quail, 81 -fl dozen; Mallard, 9303 50:
Canvasback, $3©*» "ft dozen Snrig. 91 50© 1 75
**S doz: 'leal, $1 2*i@l 50 %l doz; Widgeon, S.iuil 25
"fl doz: Small Duck. 91; English Snipe. 92 *■•»
doz: Jack snipe, 91 1* dozen: Hare, 91; Rab
bits, $1 50 for Cottontails and 91@1 25 for small;
Gray Geese, $2 60; White . Geese, 91: "Brant
.912501 50; Honkers $3 50©4. '
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
I DECIDUOUS FRUITS-Easttrn Apples axe In
lar.-e stock and almost unsalable. Persimmons |
spoil for lack of buyers.
Apples, 75r@n *|» box for choice, $1 10@1 25 for
fancy Red, 36@65c for common; Eastern, $I@3
TS bbl.
Pears, 76c@?l 25 TR box.
Persl i. mons. 30@65c a box.
BERRIES—
Eastern Cranberries. .»6.'<£B V bbl.
CITRUS FRUITS— Dull and unchanged. Man
darin Oranges. 60@85c "fl box: Navel Oranges.
*1 Bo@2 50T>box; .-eedlings, 76c@$l 25; Lemons.
75c@$l 50 for common and $202 50 for good to
choice; Mexican Limes, $6@6 50: California
Limes, $I@l -5: Bananas, $l*a'2 *fl bunch; Pine
apples, $2@i **» doz.
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS-
Quotations on the Fruit Exchange are nominally
as follow* :
> arload Lots— Apricots are quotable at 6©9 c
for Royals and 11%@12c for choice to fancy
Moornirks: Prunes, 3%c for the 4 sizes; Peaches,
*I<&s%c for prime to choice. 6%'#7c for fancy and
9@loc for peeled In boxes; Apples. 5%c **ft lb it i
evaporated and 2@2%c for tun-dried; Pears, 2%
(jS5c for prime to choice, 4@5%c for quarter* anu
6@6%c for halves: Plums, 4c for pitted ana l%c
fo • unpitted; -Nectarines. 3%@4%c for choice and
5%c.!0r fancy; \V..lte Figs, 3c; Black Figs, 2%
©2%a
Jobbing Prices— Peaches, 4%@5%c »» lb:
fancy, 6%@7%c '$, lb; peeled. 12% c *f". Ib. Apri
cots, 6%@»0 fl lb: lancy, 10c; Moorparks, IV@
13c; evaporated Apples, 5-% c; sun-dried, 2%@3c;
Prunes. 3%@4c for the 4 sizes: Figs, black, 3c for
impressed an . 3@3%c for pressed: white Pigs, 4c;
Plums. 4%<j£j,sc tor pitted and l%c for unpitted:
Necariues, 4(&6c fi lb for prime to fancy; Pears,
2%@5c or w noie 4*^@s%c for quarters and
4%ta6%c for halves. * ■
Raisins-
Carload Prices — Four - crown, loose, 6S/sc;
three-crown, 48/ 8 c *$ lb; two-crown, 3%c %* lb:
seedless sultanas, £(%<*: seedless Muscatel*. 4»/ 8 c;
three-crown Loudon layers, $1 16: clusters, $1 50;
Dehesa clusters, $2 60; Imperial clusters, S3;
dried (.rapes, 3c P. lb.
Jobbing Prices— San Francisco— Four-crown,
loose, 5%c; 3-crown, 48,4 c; 2-crown, 3%c: seed
less Sultanas, 534 c; seedless Muscatels, 4%c;
3-crown London layer*, $1 25; clusters, $1 6 J;
Dehesa clusters, $2 75: imperial clusters, $3 26.
N UTS-Chestnuts quotable at B@loc* Walnuts,
6%(g,7c f> tt. fcr standard and 9(5,9%c fl lb for
soitshell: Almonds, 6@6y 2 c for Lauguedoc, 3®'
3%c for hardshell and BJJ9C fl lb for paper- shell ;
Peauuts. 4*g6c *£ lb for 1- astern and 4c for Cali
fornia: Hickory Nuts, s@'"c V lb; Pecans, 7%<£
(jci* lb; Filberts, 7%<sßc; Btazil Nuts, 7%<gißc:
Cocoanuts, S4@s "fi 100.
HONEY— Comb. 10@12%c for bright and 5i5.9c
for lower grades: water-white extracted, 6(e)5%c;
llgbt amber extracted 4%@4%c; dark amber,
4@4%c: dark, 2@3c %* lb.
BttSWAX- 23@26c -f* tt).
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 6c *£ lb for heavy, 7c
"£ lb for light medium, 9%c for light, 10c Ta tt> for
extra light and ll%c <j* lb for sugar-curad. East
ern sugar-cured Hams, 12%(<*J13c: California
Hams, lie %* lb: Mess Beef, S7@7 60: extra
mess do, $8(5.8 50: family do, $9 60@10; extra
prime Pork, *7 60 (ft 8: extra clear, $16 t- bbl;
mess. $14 f* bbl: smoked Beef. 10c fl tt).
LARD— Eastern. tierces is quoted at &%c for
compound and 6@6%c for puie: palls, 7c: Calll
fornla tierce*, 6@5%c ** 16 for compound and 6%c
for pure; half-bols, 6%c: 10-tt> tins, 7%c: do, 5-tb,
7%c fl Ib.
CUTTOLENE— 6@6%c in tierces and 7%®SVB< %
in 10-tt),tins.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell lc
under sound stock. Heavy salted steers. 7%@Bc:
medium. 6%@7c; light, 6%@6c; Cowhides, 6%@
c; salted Kip, 4%@65c; salted Calf, 7(£Sc; salted
Veal, 6@7c: dry Hides. 12@13c. "st lb : culls and
brands, 9@10.: dr.- Kip and V'eal,9©ioc; dry Calf,
16c: culls, 10c; Goatskins, 20<S35c each: Kids,
6c; Deerskins, good summer, 20ia»j5c «<■ Ib: me
dium, 15@20c; winter, 7@9c; Sheepskins, shear
lings, local s:* each; short wool, 25@35ceach; me
dium. 30@<5ceach; long wools, 40@60<; each.
lALLoA'-Na 1, rendeiud, 3@3%<*; No. 2, 2% c;
reriued, sc: Crease, 2c fl lb.
WOOL— We quote Kali Wool: Humboldt and
Mendocino, H(s9c: free northern, "(t^SVac: mid
dle counties, free, 5%@7c: do. defective, 4%@6c:
San Joaquin, 3(asc: no. foothill, s@7c: Eastern
Oregon .-print*-, 7%@9c: Valley Oregon, 10% -J
12c; do, fait aud lambs', lOiailli:
HOPS— 6**sßc for fair to choice and 9@loc Tj" lb
for fancy.
SAN* FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Beef ruies very firm. Wholesale rates for dressed
stock from slaughterers ere as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6%@7c; second, s@6c;
third do, 4@sc *$ lb.
VEAL— Large, 6@7c; small. 7@Bc "ft lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 6%@7c: Ewes, 6@6%c
fl lb.
LAMB— Spring, 12y 2 @lsc; yearlings, 7@Bc fl
lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, £%@3%c f. lb for large and
medium and 3V4@3a/ c tor small; dressed do, 4%
-j&S%C t tb. •■•.--'■:;■":
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, spot, 434 c; June-
July delivery, 4%c: Wool Bass, 24%@2tf%c.
COAL- Wellington, $* *g* ton; ; New Wellington,
$8 fl ton; Souihlleld Wellington, $7 60 %*• ton;
Seattle, $5 50: Bryant, $5 50: Coos Bay, $4 75;
Wallsend,s6 60; Scotch. — -: Brymbo, ; Cum
berland, $13 60 in bulk and $15 In sacks: Penn
ay.vania, Anthracite Egg, 11 fa, 12 it** ton: Welsh
ntbraclie. $8@10; Cannel, *8 "ft ton; Rock
springs, l.'&stle Gat* and Pleasant Valley, $7 60;
Coke, $11@12 In bulk and «13 »>. ton in sks.
SUGAR— The Western Sucar Refining Company
quote*, terms net cash: Cube and Crushed, 6%c;
Powdered, 6c; Fine Crushed, 5%c; Dry Granu
lated, 43/ 8 c; Confectioners' A, 4%c; Magnolia A,
4c; Extra C, 3%c: Golden C, 33/^c; half barrels
%c more than .barrels, and boxes %** more.
RECEIPT* OF PRODUCE.
FOR 24 HOURS..
Flour, qr sks... 6.846 Cheese, ct15...... 107
heat. cUs. 123.351 Kggs, dos... 4.820
Barley, ct15...... 2,895 Hides, no 129
Beans, ski „ 44 Pelts, bdls 60
Corn, cits 126 Wine, pals 27.600
Potatoes, sks 2.650 '. Brandy, ga15..... 1,400
Onions, sks _ 4 if) sugar, bb15. ...... 1.223
Bran. sks... 1,086 j Leather, rolls 102
Middling*, sky.. .mo Hops, bis... 4
Hay, tons _ 452 Lumber. M fes*.. 10
Butter, ctl* 60
«. — ,*, — «■
THE STOCK MABKET.
Yesterday was another quiet day In mining
stocks.
Bullion has levied an assessment of 10 cents
and Utah one of 6 cents
The lltiichiusi n Plantation Company has de
clared a dividend of 25 cents iter share,' payable
on the '20th Inst.
The Postal Te egrapb Cable Company will pay a
dividend of 1 per cent on the 16th, and the West
em Union Telegraph Company 1 Vi per cent.
The American Tobacco Company will pay a
dividend of 3 per cent on February 1.
The .-iiver King Mining Company has declared
a dividend of $37,000, making $862,500 from the
start.
At the meeting of the stockholders of the Spring
Valley Water Company on the lt->th the old board
of directors was returned. The reports cover the
business for eighteen months, and show a deficit
of $3682 despte the passing of one dividend.
1 CA. i< -l-i'S.
Following were the sales in the San Francisco
Mock Foard yesterday:
HIOI'LAR morning session, commencing 9:30.
400 Belcnei ... • 41300 GAC .42 400 Potosl... 63
300 ..4b 100 41 100 Savage ....21
600 BAi 5? 10J Mexican..*! IJU t-tanrd..l.6s
200 Caleda... DJ2OI Uphir 92 100 Union C...38
300 Cnllnge...sl '200 91100 * JaCKW.,.34
300 Cliliar Ti iOJ Ovrmn.... 131
afternoon session— 2:3o.
200 Alta 081100 C0nn... .1.30,400 Ophlr 94
IOJ ChalUe...s7 l 100 C P0int. ...35300 96
300 Choir .....84 50 J GA C 421200 Ovrmn.... 15
200 CCAV...1.31 '200 N G A 0..22 1 100 -s»vaite..24
8000 C Imp ..02 250 231200 S Ny 44
Following were the sales In the Pad tic Stock
Board yesterday:
kkoci,ar session— lo:3o.'f- /.".
3io Alrhs 13 30 i Choir.... 74 200 Ophlr 94
200 Alls. 08600 ............75 203 91
20 J Andes.... 14 800 ...........78 80 1 Potosl 54
90 I Belcher. ..44 200 ....".80 400 56
40J 47 100 C Imp 01401 i-»va.e....22
250 B A 8....b"'400 ...... ..T..0". 800 Scorpion.. o2
400 r,u1110n....06 SOU CrwnPt.. 32 200 88AM....10
100 Caled 10 500 Exchqr.. .os .100 s Nev... 42
600 Challge.. .so >iOU MAO; . ... 41 60 Stnrdl.s2Va
300 51200 HAN ..1.21 60 J Union. 37
'-00 64 400 Justice.. -05 >00 Utah 04
200 55 00 Kentck....o4 30." V J.......... 34
400 .1.-0 300 Mxlc. 41 400 ....35
250 1.27% 400 occd 17 500 36
100 Court.. ..l.tiu 1200 Ovrmn. .13
'■':.:'*■' AFTERNOON SESSION— 2:3O. •*.
20n Alpha 14 450 CC*V 1.32*^1*20'.) onhlr 93
1100- ....16 100 confl ...1.2 200 0vrmn... .14
200 Alta ...... Ob 100 .......1.27*/ 2 200 ...13
300 Andes 14 20 J C Point. ..HdUOJ Potosl 57
25U 8e1cher. ..47 100 . >4 600 bo
200 8A8.. ...65 500 Exchqr... o6 10) savage. ..24
300 Lulliou._.os G dec ...4 1200 SB AM. ..11
500 Caleda .. 1 1 200 45id» *N.-v 41
400 Cha11ge.. .56 H&N ...1.20 100 Stnrd 1.52Va
800 67 300 Justice... os 20 J Union 40
400 ...... 5:- 100 Kentuck..o4 .JOJ U-*n 05
"200 Ch011ar.. ..84 .00 Mexican «4". 800 »' Jo*t ...37
400 831300 occid*...... 17 100 36
CLOSING -TJUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY. Jan. 14 4p.»
."-'<. Jitt.Ati.rd. Alice*.
Alr-HsO-in. ... 15 16 Ju1ia.., ........ — 06
A1t5............ 18 08 Ju5tice......... 04 16
Andes. .--' 13 15 Keuiacs*. ...... 04 IS
Belcher 48 49 Lady Wash.... — 12
Fes: A Belabor 65 56 .Mexican 42 43
Benton Con.. . 05 — i Nevada Queen. — (4
bullion .'. 04" 06 Occidental..... 17 18
Caledonia, 11 12 Ophlr.". 95 98
Chollar 85 87 Overman...... 14 15
Con.Cali*--Va...1.30 1.35 1'0t051. ;.'...'... 67 68
Challenge Con. 68 60 savage...; 23. 24
Con. Imperial 01 12 scorpion „ — >-3
Confidence.... 1.25 l.SO't-eg. Belchsr. . 10 11
Con New Yor< _ tb .-liver Hi 11.... 01 «2
crown Point... 34 35 Merra Nevada 43 44
FastSierraNs? — Standard ......1.50 1.60
Eureka Cou... _ 25 syndicate. .... — 03
Excheauer .... _ 16 Union C0n..... 39 40
oouiudt Curry. 42' 43 Utah 04 05
A---ii u.^viu-1 1.20 1.25 iclluw *.«-.*• 36 87
t.A.ww^. jt.jtli BOND ]k.XCHAStiO.
THURSDAY Jan . 14 - 2p. v.
TNTTK" !>TATIfi» BOA^i
'*,« jf t\ta.i BUS. ■*«**»■
US 4s conn. 111% - U S reg. -.lol* "0%
Do new issuel2U% — | - .. ■■*• * *"*. ,
Ml>lCe.l 'J-NKOr'hiVU
Cal-stCblesß.llo 111% Omnibus 65..H9%120V4
Cal Elec L 65124 — Pacßoll M>sa - —
CntraCW6s»2 85 Do 2d Is 6a... - —
Dpnt-stex-cp - P7%P&ORy6*. - »»
EdsnL&P6sl27 I'.B P&Ch '6s. 98 -
F«SICH KR 65106%106 r*wl-Bt RR 6511^%117
Oearv-6t Rssloo 103 Reno.WL<fcL — . iut>
1.<fc56%5.103 - sacto P&L. - low
LosAngL6* - 100 SFANPRS^. 98 9H%
Do('nteed6s - 101 &PRKArlz6s 90 95
MKt-stCble6sl2oVi - spRRCaI rfs.HO -
Doßyton 8 106 V» sI'KKI als*. - 100
NatVln6slst - 100 PBrßCalbs. 96% -
NevCNgß7s.loo - ISV Water 6s. 118% 19
NPCRR6S. - - ,sV Water 4s. 99 V 8 100%
NRy Cat 6s. 100% 105 StktnG&Eb* - 101 Va j
NKyCalos. - 95 >unst 1 <fc I os. — —
Oak Gas 55.. — 104 sutter-siRSs. — —
Do 2d is 65... 108 — VisidiaWCe** — —
W»TEB STOCK*. .
Contra Costa 30 35 ISan Jose..'. - —
MarinCa.... - 53 jsprng Valley 9/3,4, £8
CAS tTOCKS. ;
Capital. _ 85 Pacific Light 48 50
Central.. 95 - San Franc*co 98% 98%
OakGLAH 64 55 Stockton -
Fac can Imp 91% 92 |
INSURANCE RTOCK*. I
Flreman'sFdl6B 186 |Sun .......... — —
COMMERCIAL BANK STOr:*C*».
Amerß&TC. - - LondonP<fcA.l37% -
Anglo-Ca1.... 50 — Lendon&Sl!. — —
Bank of Cal.. 241 244 MerchEx.... li —
CalbD<fcTColoß%lo9 Nevada...... — —
First Nationl — 190 |Sather BCo. — —
BAVISSS BANK . STOCK*.
GerSALCo.. 1360 1496 iSav A Loan.. --, 106
HnmbS&L.llOO - Security 250 300
Mutual 33 - Union Trust. 803 860
SFSav Union — 490 |
STREET SAILBOAT) BTOCKI.
California.. ..lo7 110 |OakSL<&Hay - 100
Gaary-5t....- - 60 Presidio 6% 6 ,
Market-5t.... 42 43 |Sutter-5t..... — —
rOWUKK 6TOCKS.
Atlantic D... 16 17 (Giant C0n.... 26% 27%
California.... 75 — Judson D.... — —
Eastern D.... 80 90 IVigorlt. 65c 90c
MISCKLI.ANBOUS STOCK*.
Alaska Pkrs. 9tf Vi 99% Nat Yin Co.. - 8%
BlkDCoalCo. — - ceanlcSSCo 21% —
Cal Cot Mills — - PacAuxFA - 4
Edison Llghll27 128 PacßoraxCo. 95 —
GasConAssn. — — Pac Roll Mill — —
Ger Lead Co. 80 100 Parf PalntUo — 7
HawC&SCa. — 17% PacTrausCa — —
HutcUSPto 24*/8 248/ i TAT Co — —
MerExAssn.. — 110 Sunset T«fcT. — —
M. Elec Linns 8 8% United C Co. — — ■
BALKS— MOBJ»U«'* o*f«tJ.4.
Board— r ~-± ■•'.'• ' : :
-25 Giant Powder Con. 26 76
25 do do 25 60
50 do do 26 25
67 do do - 26 60
0 Mutual Electric Light.cash 8 87%
Mr**: —
75 Edison Light A Power Co 127 » 0
50 Hutchinson S P Ca... 24 25
I SALIC-* — iniU.NDtX n<**lJi.
Board —
15 Alaska Packers' Asso elation 89 00
17 Edison LlsthtA Power Co 127 25
35 Giant Powder Con 26 75
50 Hutchinson 5PC0..... _ 24 0
10 Pacific Gas 1mn...... .:.... 92 00
25 s V Water *>7 87%
10 do do ca5h.....: 97 *-*7%
20 do do 97 75
Street—
10 Gaslight... 98 50
6 Union Trust Co 826 00
HOTEL AKEIVALS.
COSMOPOLITAN.
|W R Sowers, San Jose O R Randall, Merced
A Meier, Sacramento Miss Borden, Ls Angeles
J M Pendater, -ac.o Mrs J W McDonald, Colo
E Sampson, Satto E F Albert. Stockton
J Phelln, Sacramento A B Barn* A w, Fresno
S A Elliott, Santa Clara C Sherman, Houston
S F Powers. Chicago D P Kydtl, Westvllle
T Phelps. Chicago A D Duffey, Santa Cruz
S A Jones, Chicago J A Weaver, San Jose
NEW WESTERN . HOTEL.
W P Shaw. Reno W Bradbury, San Jose
T Fuji, Halfmoon Bay P C Mayford, Chicago
J R McHenney. Boston H C Carter, Los Angeles
S A Perce, Kern City J R Norrls, Kern City
Mrs (' Pierce. Kern city Miss A Pierce, Kern City
J Will ams. Santa Rosa - J Wilson, Santa Barbara
H T Dumar, Seattle J 0 Kendall, Detroit
P A Myretl, Mcx A S Snyder, Guaymas
A Wallace, Kern City R Daly, Kern City
BALDWIN HOTEL.
W I Jackson Aw, Ala CW* Hunter. La
E N Jasper, Los Angeles N D Neild, Vallejo
A R Jones, Redondo R W Cahoou. N J
F. Green, NY J David. N I
J Babler A sr. Wash H D Curtis A w, Los Ang
C E smith A w. Or L Kimble, Los Angeles
Mrs FLa Roche, Wash W A Holmes. Val Spgs
C Z Hebest, Salinas Dr E G i ase, Uiciab
J Wingler. N V W O Thompson, Napa
G W Griffith, .*. V Mrs J Hull, Oakland
W N Dunn, Los Angeles
•■ LICK HOUSE.
Thos B Bond, Lakeport Chas Richardson. Colusa j
A I" Ellias A w, Tehama Anna Bell Karr, Mrysvle j
W G Wheelock, Chicago Henry Eickhoff,S Rafael !
Jas Bates Aw, Buffalo Hy C Dannials, Berkeley
C P Williams, Suisun John B Smith, NevadaO
T A Thompson, :-an Jose W W Holloway, Oaklnd
Chas M Caton, St Louis J Wilson, Portland
John Hood, Santa Rosa Dr J L Asay, San Jose
J C Williams, Oakland G W Carpenter, Yuba C
(has W o'N'ell, Idaho H L Pushnt-11, Chicago
Mrs A Clark, Alameda Mrs X C Brown, Aimed*
M yon Sails, Oakland M Elsasser, Mexico
J I) Culp, Sun Felipe Max Mul er A w, Mcx
C Van Norden, Sacto Fred H Busby, Concord
PALACE HOTF.L
F Mllllken, NY Mrs J B McCreary, N V
Miss R C Brown, NY G P Messervy, N V
T M Cglno, NY J M Smith, Denver
B A Buxton, Minn W N Clark, Salt Lake
Dr C Wlnterbottoiu, Cal W C Dea, San Jose
R G Brown, Bodle A A Gran, Los Angeles
D 0 Grant. Los Anteles T J Field, Monterey
i' II Mcßrlde Aw, Cal J A Donnell, Los Ang
II spbree, Idaho A J IWroy, London
C P McCormack. Or W L Whltmore. Oakland
C Durand, Chicago C .1 Cadwallader. s Jose
B Cadwallader. San Jose S li Meats. Portland
J A Flthlan, Sta Barbara G Lombard, Mexico
J G Fallansbee. Mexico X Buenz, Chico
A Graff, Philadelphia F S Aerdenbreok, Mass
J Brlg*s, N V Mrs vv Parker, Loi Aug
M .1 Maloney, St Jossph J M Swltz--r, Stanford
G M Dixon, sacto G s Simons, South Am
GRAND HOTEL.
0 BTavlor, Stanford J Donnelly, Oakland
J A Northwar'.NevdaCty J X Harrington, Sta Barb !
M N i anfeuherg.Siocktn D W Burchard, San Jose
R D Hatch. N ovato T Bull, Cal
J C Leopold. Sacto R Kriman, Carson, Nev
R Clark. Montlcello H Kinney. Montlcello
T Chart, Montlcello J C Peck, Bodle" •
8 M Nolan A w, Tacoma T F Broome, snta Barba
J F Morel, Santa Barbara W H Cooper, Snta Barba
T W Dibble, Santa Barba LW Elliott Aw, Stockton
Miss Elliott, Stockton R E Jack Jr, Sn L Obispo
H C Block, San Jose P A Blsell. Stockton
W A Avery, Los Ange'.es W Garard, Los Angeles
1 A Jones. Salem J J Heffron Salinas
RT Jones, St John WA Hookson, Chicago
8 G Olney, san Joaquin s Brooks. Seattle
ZT Magill, Healdsburg A B Alexander, Washtn
E W Holland, I'm; ion R Marsh, Los Angeles
Oibbs, Illinois *** T Foiilnj, San Joie
"W Leonard, Santa Cruz E W Jones, Colusa
C i'ullocb, Knights rerry Dr L Lowe, KnlghtsFery
J Hungston, Monterey LJ Lamson, Chicago
E M Murray, Minn L Merritt, Los Angeles
J B Treglon. Amador Cty J Parker, Petaluma
A Duprey, Napa Rev ayior Aw,
C F Foster, Red Bluff a C Rosendale.Pac Grov
E Dudley, Dixon W Bruce, Chicago
T E Connolly, Stockton
RUSS HOUSE.
H Clark, Alaska J Kennedy. Alaska
I) H Sweet, Fresno lir W Reid A wf, Madera
.1 A Madox, Point Arena Miss Iverson, < t Arena
Miss >>adox, Pnl Arena J H Thomas, Victoria
F Quirk. Virginia City 0 P Gehoring A wf,
W A iortler, Mont = Wash, D C
A Fouler, Mont J Dillon*. Mont
0 B Welshoui, Nev HE Keyier, Nev
I N H Alexander. S Barb B Galloway, Walnut (rk
C Trlmlngbam, Snnol C (' Byrne, Los Angeles
X C Stanley, i ivermore !' J "Solan, San Jose
J H Martin, Woojlaud C Atikori-, Monterey
A v Perkins, B Barbara G BHe er, Mont
Mrs J J Fowler, abasia H C Style, Redding
A X Gould, Glbsonville II Willard, Red Bluff
M E Grace, Red Bluff O V ll lard. Red bluff
Mrs J Eds. Red. D Hiah, A hland
Mrs a 0 Clark, Idaho E A Stauffer. Or
E Da. ton, Mass L Allen, Nevada
E A i.a. ton. Mass J Llobnson, Ukiah
E M Hiatt, YorK ville X J Bean, Halfmoon Bay
W A Casey Awf Florin G c Willard Rocklin
II A Craig. Los Gatos C W Schlelffer. Sacto
J 11 Leonard, Pleasanton W Miller, l'leaianton
F H smith, .-acto M Cai ter A wf. Berkeley
.1 Shaw, Senenl P Law on. Pumas
J M Brunsell, Vina - G Mikklisen, Vina
A WOMAN DID IT.
■ -
The Empress Frederick Said to Bn In
strumental In Deposing- Bismarck.
By way of throwing more light on the
question of Prince Bismarck's disclosures,
the Figaro publishes an extract from a
letter which, it says, has come straight
from the court of Berlin. 7ln it the writer
remarks that this . is simply a new inci
dent of the struggle which bas been going
on since the Prince retired into private
life. The direct cause of. the Chancellor's
fall, as this missive asserts, was that the
Empress Frederick, having learned from
the Princess of Wales the attitude as
sumed by Prince Bismarck in the Bul
garian question and "toward the Nihil
ists," succeeded in convincing of the fact
the Emperor William 11, who caused the
army and political world to be informed
of the "diabieries" which had severed
Russia from Germany and had led her to
draw nearer to France.
There was a universal outburst of indig
nation, particularly among the generals,;
and some: strongly, worded letters were
forwarded to Friedericbsruhe. Prince"Bis
marck tben declared that he would take
up tbe gauntlet and come out witb coun
ter revelations. "This * man •is disgracing
us," exclaimed the Emperor to bis mother,
who replied, "I have always said so, and
now the eyes of all are opened." Such is
the version given by the Figaro, and
which may be reproduced without any ex
pression of opinion on the subject, as it is
attracting much attention and is the
theme of considerable comment. Figaro.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
Januaby. 1897.
4
6
12
W.
Th. Fr. Sa.
1 2
7 8 9
14 15 16
21 22 23
28 29 30
| 3 Firs: Quart
\J) Jan. 10.
_K2_ New Moon.
v_tV Jan. 2.
11
19
VS. Full Moon.
\JU Jan. 18.
17
/7*\Last Quarter.
i»/ Jan. 25.
V. 4. *. .i* ..*' >'1 LAj.l-i>9.
STEAMER I DESTINATION. I
SAlt.*
I PI KB.
>el None. . Grays Harbor. \
iunol Grays Harbor. |
illlance.... Coos 8av..... j
lueen Ban Diego j
op Ie China A Japan '
'orona I Unmboldl—Ut
ita'.e or Cai. I Portland' I
:ity Sydney Panama. I
treat a | Coos Bay j
:oos Bay l Newport
lomer Coos Bay
nrallon.... equina Bay. I
Valla Walla I Vie _. Pgt Sno '
lexlco Han Diego.....
!z.trlna Coos Say
Coieka Newport
Columbia, .. , Portland
! ian 15, 3pm Pier 28
, Jan 15.12 M Pier 2
j Jan 16. 3pm I Pier 13
Jan 16.11 am Pier 1 1
Jan 16. IPMtP M SS
Jan 16. -Ml j Pre: )
i Jan 1 B.loam 'Pier 24
i Jan 18,12 mIpM S S
Jan 18. 10am: Pier 13
Jan 18. Van [Pier 11
Jan 19. spm | Pier 13
I Jan 19. 9am j Pier 2
| Jan 19. fin Pier 9
Jan 20.11 - pier 11
Jan 21, spii Pier B
Jan 2, »am; pi»r II
■Tan 23. IP am Pin* ! I
STEAMEUS TO AitßlVi-;.
STKAMEB
7«!
Wellington... .
Fore...
(Valla Walla...
[Departure Bar
I Humboldt Bay
! Victoria <s Puget Sound
Horn bold- Bay.
I Newport.......
, Tacoma
I Coos Bay
I V equina Bay
Mexico
China <& Japan
r-an Diego
Coos Bay
Crescent City
Coos Bay
Newport.
| Victoria <fe Puget Sound
Portland.
I Honolulu
San Diego
! Panama
..Jan 15
..Jan 15
..Jan 16
. . an 15
..Jan 16
..Jan 16
..Jan 16
..Jan 17
..Jan 17
! ..Jan 17
..Jan 18
..Jan 18
...lan 19
..Jan 19
..Jan 20
..Jan 20
.Jan 20
|. Jan 21
..Jan 22
i ...Inn 23
Jorona
.'oos Bay
iVashtenaw ....
Areata
r'arallon
Orizaba
Mode Janeiro..
Mexico
Homer
Jleone
Jzanna. ........
Eureka.
[ matilla.
'i.lnmhi.
Columbia
Australia
.'Ji'en
? -n Juan
bVJi, MOON aNjj TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fo.st Point. Entrance to
San Francisco Bay. Published by Offi
cial Authority of the Super in tend est.
Note— The high and low waters occur at the
City Front (Mission-street Wharf) about twenty
five minu c* later than at Fort Point: the height
of tide is the same at both places.
January — 1897.
Friday, Januar IS.
Snn rises 7.25! Moon rises
Bun set* 5 15 j Moon set*. ... 4.54 All
||__!__|Feet !____!) Fen
_|b w! h w|
Time
|T7~w
Feet ' me Feet
| H w |
13 i.4» 8.3
6 2.37 3.4
7 3.28 3.6
: H W
8 0.26 4.1
10! 1.151 4.6
111 1.41 1 4.7
12 j 2.12| 4.8
i.OO
8.4«
9.27
I. W
4.16
5.55
6.48
7.47
6.1 3..4&1— U. 411 i.rfol 3.8
6.2 4.11 -0.7 11.68 4.0
6.4 4.47 -0.8
H W | L W I
; 3.1 10.14 5.3 5.22-0.8
| 2 11.61 6.0 6.371-0.4
, 2.5 12.431 4.7 7.15 0.1
| 2.1 | 1.42| 4.5 8.00 0.7
Notk— ln the above exposition of the tides th«
early morning tides are given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day In tha
order of occurrence as to time. The second lima
column gives the second tide or the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when there are but three tides, as sometime*
SCOUTS. The heights given are additions to ths
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes ths
height, and then the number given is subtractlvs
from the depth given by the charts.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of ths United States Hydrograpbla
Office located In tbe Merchants' Exchange Is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and free of
expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit tha
office, where complete sets of charts and sailing
directions of the world are kept on hand tor com
parison and reference, and the latest information
can always be obtained regarding lights, dangers
to navigation and all matters of Interest to ocean
commerce.
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
graph . Hill is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and ls dropped at noon. 120 th meridian, by
telegraphic signal received each day from the
United States Naval Observatory at, Mare Island.
Cal.
A notice stating whether the time ball was
dropped on time, or giving the error. If any, is
published ' the same day oy the afternoon papers,
and by the morning papers the following lav.
W. B. HUOKHS,
Lieutenant, U. 8. N.. in charge.
The Time Ball.
Pbaxch Hyi-trowraphio Orrrrjß. XT. «. •«**.. ■»
Merchants' ExcHAXa-a V
San Francisco. January 14. 1897. )
Ths time ball on 'let eg rutin Hill was droppel
exactly at noon to-day— l. c.. at noon of tbe 12013
meridian, or exactly at » c. *.., Greenwich Uma.
W. S. Hughes,
Lieutenant U. S. N.. Indian**.
SHIPPING IN'TjcLLIGENCE.
Arrive 1.
THU USD AY, January 14.
stmr Point Arena, Johnson. 16 hours from
Mendocino and way ports; pass and mdse, to Men
: docino Lumber Co.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander. 61 Va brs from San
Diego, etc; pass and mdse, to Goodali, Perkins A
Co.
Stmr Caspar, Anfindsen. 48 hours from San
Pedro; banast. to Caspar Lumber Ca
Stmr Gipsy. Iceland, 20 hours from Monterey,
etc: produce, to Goodali. Perkins ACa
Stmr Crescent City. Allen, 34 hours from Cres
cent City: pass and mdse, to Hobbs, Wall A Ca
Stmr State of California, Green. 51 hours from
Portland, via Astoria 39 Va hours; pass ana mdse,
to Goodali, Perkins A Ca
Br stmr Monowai, Carey, — days Sydney, via
Honolulu; pass and mdse, to J D Spreckels A Bros
Co.
Brshlp Eaton Hall, Lowrison, 183 days from !
Cardiff, via Port Stanley 68 days; 2160 tons coal
and 310 tons coke to Balfour, Gutbrls A Co.
Br bark Elliot. Evaos. 182 days from Leith, via
Port Stanley 68 day*; 1324 tons coal, to J D
Spreckels A Bros Co.
Schr Norma, Larsen, 6 days from Grays Harbor;
lumber, to tt X Wood Lumber Co; 20 tons junk, to
E L <* Steele A Co..
Schr Letitia, Apslund, 11 days from Port Had
lock; 240 M ft lumber, to W J Adams.
cleared.
THURSDAY. January 14.
Br ship Auchencairn, Nelson, Qneenstown; Ep
pinger A Co.
Br ship Gienflnart, Longmuir, Queenstown: Geo
W M c.N" ear
Kr bark Relne Blanche, Guarie, Queenstown;
Girvin, Baldwin A Eyre.
Sailor!.
THURSDAY. January 14.
Stmr Cleone, Johnson, Crescent City.
>"tmr Whitesnoro. Johnson, Navarra
Stmr City of Everett, Ltiverge, Nanalma
Stmr Czarina, seaman, Co is Bay.
stmr City of Puebia, Debney, Victoria and Port
Townsend.
Stmr Eureka, Parsons, san Pedro.
H B M stmr Pheasant, sarforell, San Diego.
Stmr Noyo, Levinson. Fort Bragg.
Stmr Newsboy, rosen, t.'sal.
Tut Hunter, Macee. Coos Bay.
Brshlp Muncaster Castle, Griffith, London.
Mark Albert. Griffiths, Honolulu.
Bark Knfus E Wood. McLeod, Seattle."
Schr Guide. Olsen. Wiliapa Harbor.
Schr H C Wright, Olsen.
Schr Reliance, Wilson, Point Arena,
\ Telegraphic
POINT LOBOS. Jan. 14.— r. m.- Weather
clear; wind NW; velocity 6 miles.
Charters.
Ihe bktn Gardiner City loads mdse at this port
for - anta Rosalia; schr Esther Buehoe redwool
a Eureka, for Houo.ulu: Br ship Pass or Brander
lumber at Port Blakeiev. for Valparaiso, 30s: Br
ship Senator lumber at Tacoma, for South Africa:
bktn Katie Fllcklnger lumber at Hastings Mills
for Yokohama, 455.
Domeatio Por-i.
YAQUINA BAY-Sailed Jan 14-Stmr Farailon
for San I ranclsca
TATOOSH- Passed Jan 14-Br stmr .Welling
ton, trom Departure Bay, for san Francisco.
BOWENS LANDING- Arrived Jan 14-Schr
Barbara Hernster, from Ventura.
TACOMA— mailed Jan 14— Schr Meteor, for San
Pedro.
" Arrived jan 14— Br ship Senator, ■ from Valpa
raiso.
NAVARRO— Arrived Jan 14-Stmr Whltesboro,
hence Jan 13.
Hailed Jan 14— 8tmr Weeott, for San Francisco.
• BEATTLK— Sailed Jan 14-schr. Sailor Boy, for
Ban Francisco.
EUREKA— SaiIed Jan 14— Sotir Emma Clau
dlna, for San Francisco.
Arrived Jan 14-stmr Navarro, hence Jan 13;
stmr National City, hence Jan 13.
VENTURA— Arrived Jan 14— Stmr Geo Loo
mis, hence Jan 13.
Suited Jan 14— Stmr Geo Lootnls, for San Fran
cisco. M MB**"sH*S36jiogs£ i
CASPAR— SaiIed Jan 14-stmr Jewel, for San
Francisco.
GREENWOOD— SaiIed Jan 14— Stmr Greenwood
for Port Harford.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed Jan 14-Sonr Beulah,
for San Francisco.
-FORT ROSS— Arrived Jan 14-Scnr Etta B,
hence Jan 1. .
sailed Jan 14-Schr Etta B, for San Francisco.
East. Port*.
NEW YORK— Arrived Jan 13— Stmr Valencia,
from Colon.
Forel-rn Pfirit.
LONDON— Arrived Jan 17— Br stmr Strathness, i.
hence Oct 17. .
KICK — Arrived Jan 13-Br ship Bren- 1
hil ia. from Oregon.
DOVER- Pa.** ed Jan 13— Br stmr Klrkhill, hnc ■
Oct 25, for Hamburg.
SYDNEY-aaileuJan 13— Br stmr Warrlmoo,
for Vancouver.
Movement* of Trans- Atlantic St»*»-n*»-«
NEW *»ORK— Arrived Jan 14— stmr Germanic,
from Liverpool and Queenstown ; stmr Siberian,
irom Glasgow; stmr Mississippi, iro n London.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived out Jan 14-stmr
Brl anntc.
••ailed Jan 14— Stmr Teutonic, for New York.
BREMEKHaVEN— Arrived out Jan 14-*>tmr
Aller.
LONDON— out Jan 14 — itmr Massachu
setts.
GLASGOW— Arrived out Jan 14— Stmr Sums
tiun.
Importation**.
MENDOCINO— Per Point Arena— 4 pkgs mdse.
10 pkgs tallow, l sac. i tails, 2 bdls sheepskins, 29
hides.
Point Arena— l 2 bxs butter, 11 bx* fish, 2 coops
fowl, 3 coops chickens, eggs, 1 box hardware,
866 posts.
(-AS DIEGO— Per Santa Kosa- 186 bxs lemons,
464 bxsoranges. 9 kegs olive*. 152 p;g* mdse, 88
cues 16* bdls hides, 8 bdls calls. ius, 82 sack*
sulphate* 17 bbl* tallow, l udl tail*, 1 box fruit,
44 bxs llmei, 1 keg fish, 1 dr.- foods 3cs shells,
11 bxs type, i Ox curios, 88 hdis fish.
Redondo— 26 boxes lime*. 7 bbl 3cs olives, 320
sks barley. 208 bdl* sat hides, 219 bxs orange*, 3
bxs tobacco. 13 sks cm, les, 145 bxs lemons, 3 bxs
fruit, 26 bxs sweet potatces, 3 pkgs mdse.
Port Los Angeles— l 7 pkes mdse. 3c* olive oil,
7 pkgs furniture, 3 cs stoves, 7 cartes oil stoves, 9
eh tea, 3 bdls corn husks, 103 bxs orange*, 8 boxes
tomatoes, 19 bxs lemons, 4 sks peas, 1 cs citron.
Santa Barbara— l c* dry goods. 1 bx butter, 1 bbl
oil stoves 6 bxs electrical supplies, 19 pkgs mdse,
6 pkgs copper wire, 45 sks crawfish.
Port Harford, c.c —37 dressed calves. 51 cs eggs.
20 bxs fish, 63 h.-bxs butter. 1 sk walnuts, 1 pkg
hardware, 773 sheep, 6 coops poultry, 1 cs stoves,
24 pkgs mdse.
•MONTEREY— Per Gipsy— 4 bbls whalebone, 1
bdl dr shark fins, 1 sk beeeswax. 6 sks vegetables.
Mos* Landing — bxs apples, 1337 sks barley, 1
box butter. 1 cs eggs.
Santa Cruz— l bxs butter, 2 bxs fish, 19 cs cheese
600 boi* lime.
CRESCENT CITY— Per stmr Crescent City—
kegs. 1 box butter. 2 pkgs mdse, — M ft lumber, 6
cs coal oil, 7 cs meat.
Consignee*.
Per Santa Ro*a- Dairymen's Union: Juri A Co:
C E Whitney AGO ; Hllmer, BredhofT A Scbulz: J
Puckhaber; Dodge, Sweenev A Co. J B In**uglta: .1 ""»
A Roeblings sous A Co; Hills Bros: Dalton Bros; 1
Brinham. Hopoe A Co: Cal Bottling Co: Pacific <j
Wooden « and C Co: Russ. Sanders A Co: A L
Bryan Shoe Co; H Klrchmann A Co; Wolf A Son:
Marshall A Reim rs; Campodonlco A Malcolm; J
H Yost; Gets Bros A Co; Llevre, Pricke A Co: Geo
W M Warner: M T Freitas A Co; Wltzel <S Baker;
Wellman, Peck A Co; Norton, Teller A Co; Joues
A Co; H Heckman A Co; L D Stone A Co; Labor
Exchange: Western Meat Co: G Camiilonl A Co:
American Union Fish Co: D X Allison A Co; Weil
Bros: A Paladini; Milan! A Co: L Scatena A CO:
Overland Freight Transfer Co; Wetmore Bros: W
W Woodhull: Newmark A Edwards; ' has Jacob
son; Gray A Barbiert; Pac Coast Fish Co: Judson
Fruit Co: A Eana; Sacramento Fish Co: Ford A
Bros; United -hirt to: Gen Electric Co: National
Brewery; Pay Inspector, USK;ial Nursery Co:
Minaker A We banks: Fred Marshal: Cal Wine
Assn: W R Knight A Co; G F Eberhard A Co; J
C Siegfried Ai o; Berges A Domeulconl ; Backer
Bros: I X L Tamale Co; » Bachman; M A Ounst;
A J B Immel: DN A E Walters; J W Gale A Co:
Garcia A Magglnl; Sau Fraucisco Brewery; J H
Cain A Co: Amer Press Assn: Eveleth A Nash ; T
H B Varney; W B Sumner A Co; A Gain Fruit Co:
Levi Spiegel ACo; J ivancovicn A Co: B Mathison
A Co; C C Pennell A Co: Fiappoli A Co*. George R
Starr A Co: G A Merrill; H Hayman*. M S Stma**:
N Josephs; Kahn Bros; Kline A Co; J Taylor; B
H R Roberts: Waterhouse A Lester; H O ureen
hood: California Ink Co; Amer Biscuit Co*. W D X
Gibson.
Per Point Arena— Dunham, Carrlgan A Co; Capt
Erlckson: Ross A Hewlett; ROhlffs AGerdau; Den
nison A Wilson: WB Sumner A Co; Samuels A
Abraham; OB Smith A Co; Mendocino Lumber
Co.
Per Gipsy— Bottling Co ; Norton, Teller A Co:
C Carpy & Co: Standard Oil Co: Rosa A Hewlett:
FB Halght: H Dutard : Dodge, Sweeney A Co: C
H Tetzen: ttauffer A Co; Dairymen's Union: A W
Fink A Co; Hammond A Brod: G Camiilonl A Co;
H Cowell A Co; Italian-*?wlss Colony: Levineston
ACo;Ro.hACo; F Baldocchi; W A Garland: J
H Kesstng A Co: Napa soda Works; Amer Oil and
Paint Co.
Per Crescent City— Hobos, Wall ACo: W P Ful
ler Co; Thomas Loughran; C E Whitney A Co:
Standard Oil Co: Enterprise Brewery; Wltzel A
Baker. _^^__^_
OCEAN TBAVEL.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP CO.
STEAMERS LEAVE BHOADWAY A*
wharf, San Francisco, as follows: 4*<Ufja>
For Mary Island, Lorlng, Wrangel, Juneau, Kit-
lisnoo and Sitka (Alaska), at 9 a. m., Jan. 9, 24.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
New Wratcom (Bellineham Bay, Wash.), 9 A. U.
Jan. . 4, 9, 14, 19, 24, 29, and every fifth day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P. R,
R., at Tacoma with N. P. R. R., st Seattle with O.
N. Ry., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For I'.ureka, Arca'a and Fields Landing (Hum-
boldt Bay), str. Pomona 2 p. m., Jan. 4, 8,12, 16,
20. 24. 28, and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos,
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gavlota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, San Pedro, East Sau
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. if.
Jan. 2, 6, 10, 14, 18, 22, 26, 30, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harrord
(San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Los An-
geles. Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
A.H.Jan. 4, 8, 12. 16, 20, 24, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For Ensenada, San Jose del Cabo. Mazatlan, La
Paz and Guaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
a. if. 25th of each mouth.
The Company reserves right to change steamers
or sailing dates. Ticket office— Palace Hotel, 4
New Montgomery street.
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO., Gen'l Agents.
.";■■-/.' 10 Market st., San Francisco.
THEO.R.&N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAM TO
From Bpear-street Wharf, at 10 a. v.
"C A "RT^,/* lB First-class I Including
P -TL.It.CJi. U Second-class /berth A meats
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Columbia. Jan. 3, 13, -3, Feb. 3
State of California Jan. 8. 18, 28, Feb. 7
Through tickets and through baggage to all
Eastern points. Rates and folders upon applica-
tion to
F. F. CONNOR. General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO.. Superintendent..!.
P"g*PIIUIiV *-** ** AUSTRALIA for
lEllnlE HONOLULU only,
[£«**■■■■«■ Tuesday, Januar.- 26,
■ -—^ at 2p. it Special party
,j/^ I• A rates.
StMnsfllD^ The s * 8- MONOWAI
HWJIIIJIIIU"-' san, vi. HONOLULU*
fomß9RiK and AUCKLAND fog
\*JllipiJlU--~ SYDNEY, Thursday.
February 4, at 2 p. M
Line to COOLGARDIB, AusU.and CAPETOWN,
South A trie a.
J. D. SPRKCKELS A BROS. CO.. Agents.
114 Montgomery stress.
Freight Office, 327 Market st. San Francisco.
COMPAGSIE GENERAL TKIISATLUTIQUI
French Line to Havre.
COMPANY'- PIEK(.NEW).43NORTH AsJ"L
River, foot of Morton su Travelers by sSfif^J****'
this line avoid both transit by English railway and
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. i»ew Yoric to Alexandria. Egypt, via Paris,
first class $160, second class $116.
LA BOURGOGNE.. Jan. 23, 6a. K.
LAGASCOGNE Jan. 30. 9a m.
LABKETAGNE. Feb. 6. 5 a.m.
LAN'OHMANDIE Feb. 13, 9 a.m.
LA. BOURGOGNE Feb. 20, sa. m.
SST For further particulars apply to
A. FORGET, A gen..
No. 3. Bowling Green. New York.
J. F. FUGAZI A CO., Agents, 6 Montgomery
avenue, San Fraucisca
white ma IHR.
United States and Royal Mall Steamer)
BKTWKK**
New York, Queenstown & Liverpool.
•sAlLlNti EVEAtX , )i tKK.
CABIN. $10 AND UPWARD ACCORD- ASmma
Ing to steamer and accommodations NMSssV
selected: second cabin, $12 50 and ft 1/ 60: Males. m
an.l Teutonic. Steerage Tickets from England, Ire-
land, Scotland, Sweden, Norway and Denmark
through to San Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets,
sailing dates and cabin plans may be procured
from W. H. AVERY, Pacific Mall Dock, or at ths
General Office of the Company, 613 Market street*
under Grand Hotel. o. W. FLETCHER.
General Agent for Pacific Coast.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washlngrton <3*k.
At 6P. M, Daily. tr«it£fit received up
to .>::* i» P. >L
VST Accommodations Reserved by Telephone
The only lin« se.iiu^ through tickets aud giving
through "freight rates to all poin.s oa Valley
Railroad.
STEAMERS:
T. C. Walker, J. D. Peters,
Mary Oarratt, • City of Stockton.
-"■ Telephone Main 805. Cai. Nay. and liupt. Co
FOR VAILEJO AID If. S. IAVT-YAML
STEAMER CELLO."
Dally ex. Saturday A Sun.. 10:30 a. m. and 4p. *c
Saturdays '10:30 a. v., 4 p. jc
Sundays.... „-. 8 P. n, **"
' • Landing Mission-street. Dock, Pier 2.
Telephone Black 261.
•Trip elves 6 hours stop at Navy-
niHAMbt. ALVISO LEAVE* am crdz
QIH.AMH.I. ALVISO LKAVEs Pllrn i mr.%-
oay. Wednesday. I-riday. at 10 a« X o ,*"
Tuesday. Thursday. at 8° m i£ISS
and Passenger. Fare between San *>^nr, I ' reigh i
Alvlso. bOc; to San Jose, 73u c£ T'rVA 4
20 W. banta Clara ti ., s»a jg^ C ** )r •#«**MOUNT EDEN HAS
A HAUNTED BARN
Three Strolling Minstrels
Driven Into the
Street.
Saw a Ghost at Midnight and
Refused to Stay in
Town,
he Shanty Was Suspected in the
Days When Men Dropped Out
of Sight.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,?
908 Broadway, Jan. 14. '
Mount Eden has a sensation. Being a
small town, It does not take a very stirring
event to make a sensation for it, but in the
present instance some traveling players
and a haunted barn have created an im
pression that will not soon die away.
Daring the Republican campaign a
handsome wigwam was built at Mount
Eden. It was none too big for the vast
audiences that tried to get into it to hear
about protection, but since McKinley's
election it has been put to a number of
iy for tbe purpose of raising taxes on it.
yi few days ago three traveling showmen
strolled into town. They carried their
"properties" on their backs and their
repertoires in their brains. As three men
is a great addition to the standing popu
lation the town soon became alive to the
fact that they were going to be treated to a
genuine minstrel show in three acts, each
man being responsible for one act.
The players did not put up at the hotel
conducted by Mr. Peterman lor various
reasons, but opposite the wigwam there is
an old barn as old as the town, and with a
very interesting history. The players
were graciously informed tbat they could
occupy the barn in which to sleep, and
they, having no alternative, accepted the
offer.
After the first night's performance the
theatrical gentlemen retired to the barn
and the towii went to sleep.- About three
hours later the three actors were running
about the street shouting ate demons,
and every window was thrown up with
feelings of horror. The men had not
stopped to prepare themselves for a street
appearance, and it was very evident from
their ear lestness that they were not at
tempting a new method of making their
presence l:nown.
When they were calm enough to talk
they told the hotel proprietor and the
deputy ■•onstable that the barn was
hauntediand that for half an hour before
they hacf been frightened into the street
the spellral figure of a woman had ap
peared fn the barn and- had spoken to
them ani*. ordered them to get out. Many
of the inhabitants believed their story, and
the players were so scared tbat they did
not stop to conclude their three nights'
engagement.
Since their departure Mount Eden has
retired at sundown, and if there be a ghost
she has the freedom of the town after
dark.
Many weird stories are told about the
barn. Years ago when it was new several
people strangely disappeared, and stories
were circulated" that they were buried in |
the neighborhood of the barn". This was
aYv.rce when a man owned all the laud and j
jl =rty he could steal and retain, and
wv-en he stole too much he was ofttimes
never heard of again. These stories have
clung to the old barn, and now that the
residents have received such positive proof
that it is haunted as was furnished by
those three wandering minstrels the place
will probably De pulled down.
DIXON'S BAD LUCK.
Appointed to a Temporary Job at
Sacramento, bnt Did Not
Know It.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 14. — County
Clerk Jordan has made an explanation of
the manner in which the name of Wesley
Dixon of East Oakland should appear as
having earned $23 at the Legislature when
he has never been out of the city. Mr.
Dixon's name is one of the many that
appeared in Clerk Duckworth's roll of
men for whom warrants were drawn, but
who. did not render any service to the
State.
"Wesley Dixon is a friend of mine and
a stanch Seventh Ward Republican, but
he has been unfortunate in business," said
Jordan. "Some time ago he asked me if
I could help him to a situation, and I sug
gested that he might get temporary em
ployment at Sacramento. He had as
sisted Wright in the campaign and Wright
said he would help him. I advi-ed Dixon
to be on the grounds when the session
opened bo tbat if anything turned up he
could take ii at once. In December Clerk
Duckworth of the Assembly called on me,
and, although it has slipped my mind, I
have no doubt that I spoke to him of
Dixon and asked that he do what he could
for him.
'Later I heard that Dixon had secured
a position, so was surprised when I saw
him at the Supervisors' meeting, and
asked him why he was not at Sacramento.
H*/told me that he had never been there,
n<|T had he been notified of any position
■■■■rg been given him. When in Sacra
mento last Tuesday I spoke to Wright of
the affair and he told me thai Dixon's
name was on the temporary roll, and that
he had investigated and found that Clerk
Duckworth had put him on at my sugges
tion. He also told rae that Dixon had not
been present at all, but that a warrant had
been ordered drawn in his favor. What
"Wright told me was the first information
I had of just what position was given
Dixon.
"I know Mr. Dixon to be a thoroughly
honest, reliable and conscientious man,
who would not take a dollar that he was
not entitled to. I am sorry that he was
not notified of his temporary appoint
ment, and I regret that he should be
drawn into this matter in such an un
pleasant way."
HELPING THE OEEMATOSY.
Health Officer Bradley Says It Is a
Sanitary Need.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. There was a
temporary breakdown at the new garbage
crematory to-day, and the company could
not handle tbe refuse as fast as it was de
livered. The trouble with the scavengers
still continues, and there is a probability
that th» crematory company will pur
chase all the garbage wagons and do all
the collecting itself.
Health Officer Bradley discussing the
new method of dealing with garbage to
day said: "Our department is extending
whatever assistance we can to the ciema
to.-i* company, because we believe that it
is 1 : great importance, from a sanitary
point of view, that the garbage of the city
should be cremated and not allowed to
accumulate and breed disease. The people
of the city generally should appreciate
this and co-operate with Os by not placing
any obstructions in the way of the com
pany carrying out its contract. The
crematory company is to furnish each
householder with an additional receptacle
so that ashes can be kept separate from
the rest of the garbage, and in this way it
will not be necessary to sift the material
at the crematory, which makes more or
less of a nuisance."
MUST ACT SPEEDILY.
"Little Time Left for Candidates to
Buttonhole.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 14.— T0-morrow
evening the delegates to the Republican
city convention will be announced and the
convention will assemble next Monday.
There are a larce number of men being
mentioned for the various offices, but as
the delegates are not yet known there
will have to be some speedy politics and
buttonholing done between Friday night
and Monday evening.
A few of the candidates mentioned for
Mayor are: Auditor Snow, J. F. Towle, Z.
T ' Gilpin. W. K. Thomas, J. W. Phillips,
Giles H. Gray, W. V. Witcher, E. P. Vau
dercook and W. H. Friend. The race,
however, is really between Snow, Thomas
and Gilpin. .
SAVED TOUR MEN.
Heroic Work in Bid Weather by tight-
house Keepers.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. Lighthouse
keeper Charles McCarthy and his assist
ant, George D. Cobb, have rescued four
people from probable drowning during
the heavy weather. Very frequently the
lighthouse men are called upon for as
sistance by persons in distress, and during
the last month they have rescued two
couples. ifcXp
Brehnan aDd Whipple are two men
who were picked up recently while cling
ing to their overturned craft, and two
others, Breck and Kennedy, were taken
off the rocks of the training wall of the
estuary. In each case it required consid
erable pluck for the lighthouse keeper to
embark in his boat during the heavy gale.
But he has always (-one when needed,
and his conduct merits hearty approval.
THE MISER A CHINAMAN.
Collapse of a Wild Yarn of a
Pot of Treasure in an
Old Well.
An Intercollegiate Rifle League
Started— Memorial Services to the
Late Professor Richardson.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 14.— Wild
stories of the discovery in the bottom of
a West Berkeley well of a pot of gold and
the possibility of there being more to fol
low have been current to-day. Rumors of
a miserly lady by the name of Hannah
McCarthy, who died ten years ago, and
who placed her wealth in tomato cans and
then dropped them into the hole in the
earth; of her sickness and tragic end, and
of the long-forgotten hidden treasure, all
went to make up a highly colored tale.
Investigation of the case has disclosed
the fact that a Chinese servant by tbe
name of Guey, in the employ of W. A.
Titcomb of West Berkeley, came home
from San Francisco late one night about
two weeks ago with $100 in gold. Depos
iting the coin in a can he placed it on the
curbing of the well. When be went to get
the money in a few days it bad fallen into
the cavernous depth. An expressman by
the name of Davis was yesterday em
ployed to clean the well and fish out the
coin. He got the can and $40. He is still
engaged in a search after the remain
ing $60.
Intercollegiate Riflemen.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 14.— inter
collegiate cadet rifle-shooting league has
been formed through the efforts of the
University of California and the Univer
sity of Illinois, comprising some twenty
two well-known colleges" in the United
States, which will join in an annual target
match for the championship.
The cadet companies of each of the
twenty-two colleges are under a regularly
appointed United States military officer.
The league is the outgrowth of the con
test which took place last year between
the' University of California, Cornell and
the University of Illinois, in which Berke
ley was victorious. Captain Walter A.
Starr of the U. C, who originated the
plan of last year, is the prime mover in the
present National League. Associated
with the Illinois cadets be completed the
organization. The first shoot is to be held
in the early spring. All the colleges will
contest on the same day, under the same
rules, and at their respective shooting
ranges. The scores made by each will be
forwarded to a central point, and after
comparison, the result will be transmitted
to each in return. Following are the col
leges in the league:
The University of California, the University
of North Dakota, Massachusetts Agricultural
College, Virginia Polytechnic Institute, Seaton
Hall College New Jersey, University of Ten
nessee, Doane College Nebraska, Vincennes
University Indiana, Michigan Military Acade
my, University of Dakota, Sheffield Scientific
School Yale, Cumberland University Tennes.
see, University of lowa, Depauw University,
"Pennsylvania Military Academy, St. Johns
Military College. Ohio, Normal University of
Illinois.
Memorial to Dr. Richardson,
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 14.— A memo
rial service in respect to Dr. George M.
Richardson, professor of archeology at
the State University, who died in Athens,
Greece, a few weeks ago, will be held at
St. Mark's Episcopal Church next Sunday
afternoon at 4 o'clock. It is anticipated
that the entire faculty of the University
will be present. Addresses will be made
by the rector, President Kellogg and others.
j Music will be rendered by the full vested
choir. BZS
For a Straight Ticket.
BERKELEY. Cal., Jan. 14.— A meeting
of prominent Berkeley Republicans was
held last night, at which the placing of a
straight ticket in the field at the coming
town election was discussed! Captain A.
F. Morrison was chosen chairman of the
meeting ana Robert Edgar secretary.
Members of all the Republican clubs that
were organized during the Presidential
campaign were present. The question of
whether to have primaries and the placing
of a partisan local ticket in the field was
discussed by William Lair Hill, who was
president of the Berkeley Republican
Club, in a lengthy letter to the meeting.
It was decided to call a general meeting
of Republicans of the town for next Tues
day evening, v-hen further steps regarding
the placing of a straight ticket will be
taken.
Congregational Charch Flection.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 14.-The an
nual meeting of the Park Congregational
Church, Lorin, was held last evening, at
which officers for the year were elected as
follows: Deacons— Messrs. A. B. Dixon,
James. BaiKie and J. S. Snow; clerk,
Thomas Stevenson;* superintendent of
Sunday-school, J. B. Wiison.
Divorce and. Marriage.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 14.— County
Clerk's compilation of the record shows
that 197 divorce suits were commenced in
this county, 97 decrees were granted and
1195 marriage licenses issued. Many mar
riage licenses are issued to parties living
outside of the county, probably more than
one-third alone being issued to San Fran
cisco people.
The Foams Divorced.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 14.— J. R.
Fearn of this city has been divorced at
Los Angeles from his wife on technical
grounds. She withdrew her application
for heavy alimony, counsel fees and costs,
and an agreement was reached by which
the divorce was taken without any claim
for alimony.
TO CCTSE A COLD IN ONE DAT.
Take laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All drug
gists refund the money if it fails to cure. 250
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 15, 1897.
FOUGHT OVER A
GIRL'S LETTER
Henry Havens and Ray
Torrace Met Out at the
Hermitage.
A Rejected Lover Said Things
for Which He Is Badly
Punished.
The Cause of the Battle Is Now Being
Wooed Back to Life at the
Hospital.
Oakland Office San Fbancisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Jan. 14. )
There is likely to be serious trouble
arise from the shooting of Miss Bertha
Hoeper last Monday. The young lady is
still in the Receiving Hospital, where she
is being gradually nursed back to health,
with prospects that she will ultimately re
cover.
About three hours before she fired the
shot that she intended should end her life
she wrote several letters. One of these
was addressed to Henry Havens, Fruit
vale. It was not sealed, and the contents
showed that Miss Hoeper had evidently
been approached with an offer of affection
from Mr. Havens, which she had spurned.
In this letter Miss Hoeper very plainly
told Mr. Havens that the man for whom
she Bhot herself, Frank Pretti, had a
mortgage on her affections, which he was
at lioerty to foreclose at any. time, and
hinted that Mr. Havens would have to
jook elsewhere for a life partner. These
Officers of the State Epworth League.
circumstances led to a prize-fight Tuesday
ni'.-ht in the vicinity of the Hermitage,
which consisted of eight hard-fought
rounds and ended in the defeat of Mr.
Havens. * : * "•'■;. ;■','•
Ray Torrace, a friend of Miss Hoeper,
heard of some remarks that had been
made by Havens, and he at once con
stituted himself the champion of that
young lady. He challenged Mr. Havens
to meet him at the Hermitage, and his
defi was promptly accepted.
On Tuesday evening the two men met,
and for nearly an hour they fought like
brutes. A description of the scene from
some of those who were present proved
that it must have been very repulsive.
There was a properly arranged ring, and
the ordinary officials were selected to
preside over the contest, and at the end
of tbe eighth round both men were
covered with blood, and Torrace was de
clared the winner, as Havens was lying
On the ground unable to pick himself up.
Miss Hoeper sincerely regrets now that
she ever wrote those letters, although,
judging from the daily attention shown
her by Frank Pretti, the young man
whom she wanted to place a white rose in
her coffin, it begins to look as though her
dying wish might yet be gratified. Mr.
Petti is a young cigar merchant, and has
taken a great interest in tbe girl since she
showed that she valued her devotion to
him more than her own life. It ls not at
all unlikely that what was intended for a
tragedy may yet be supplanted by some
thing of a much happier nature.
SEEKS A SECOND DIVORCE
The Last Attempt No Better
Than the First for Mrs,
Olsen.
L J Sellier Goes to Paris to Interest
Foreign Capital in California
Mines.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 14.— The divorce
case of Dorothea Olsen against her hus
band Peter is on trial in the] Superior
Court Dorothea has seen more than
the allotted three score and ten ' years,
while her husband 13 only 27 years of age.
The disparity of ages and incompati
bility of temper brought about a separa
tion and divorce. Then they fell in love
with one another again and were reunited.
Then Mrs. Olsen claimed that by false
pretenses Peter secured her signature to
certain deeds. This caused lots of litiga-
tion and this second suit for a divorce.
She charges tne young spouse with com
ing home late at nights and pounding her
with his fists and threatening her with a
pistol and butcher-knife. Also with re
fusing to work or stay at home nights.
Peter sets up as a defense that he was
trying to escape the fury of his wife's
tongue and voluntarily sought incarcera
tion in the County Jail, where he worked
as cook for his board to escape her wrath.
To Form a Syndicate.
ALAMEDA. Cal., Jan. 14.— L. J. Sel
lier, who leaves Saturday for Paris, will
endeavor, during his absence, to organize
a syndicate to work silver mines in South
ern California, which are righ in copper.
He has resided in this State since 1878,
and in Alameda since early in the '80s.
He is a graduate of the first mining
schools of France and wholly given to his
work.
"My business is *to secure capital to
work a rich field in Southern California,"
said be, "and I expect to organize a syn
dicate which will furnish funds for that
work. My life since coming to this State
bas been a constant study of the various
deposits, and I have concluded that along
the coast in Southern Caliiomia is some
of the richest silver country to be found."
Day Out on a Writ.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 14.— Constable
Day was committed to the County Jail for
twenty-four hours by Justice Morris this
morning for contempt of court. Day re
fused to deliver two prisoners to the jail
after sentence when ordered to do so by
the Justice yesterday. Day took his own
commitment and in company with Messrs.
Tappan and Simpson, his attorneys, took
the car lor the jail. A writ of habeas cor
pus was prepared and submitted to Judge
Hall, who signed it and set the hearing
for next Tuesday morning at 10 o'clock.
Piute Indian Ball-Players.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 14.— A band of
Piute Indians from Nevada will arrive in
San Francisco next week to play the
Alerts of this place. They requested a
game with these boys because they de
feated the Nevada Stars at baseball in
Central Park. The coming game will be
played Sunday, January 24, and will bo
the first game of baseball ever played in
San Francisco by full-blooded Indians.
The Alerts' friend's will turn out in large
numbers to witness this novel team's
playing. Whidden Hose Company, A. F.
D., may challenge the visitors if they re
main long enough to play another game.
A Young* Man Missing.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 14.— The seven
teen-year-old son of Felix Ybarra has been
absent from his home for two weeks. His
father is afraid that the boy has met with
foul play or done something desperate.
He is simple-minded and hardly capable
of caring lor himself.
Alameda City Brevities.
The Aiameda Boating Club will hold a re
gatta the last of the month. Messrs. Hineh
man, Schumacher and Hadcock are in cnarge
of tne arrangements. Four medals will be
offered.
The Alameda City Christian Endeavor Union
are arranging for a social to be given January
29 at the First Congregational Church. It will
bo purely a social affair without a set pro
gramme.
STATE ERWORTH LEAGUE.
Preparations in Progress for the Annual
Convention In Oakland — Interest
ing; Programme Promised.
Oakland Office San Fbancibco Call.)
908 Brodway, Jan. 14. j
The officers of the Asbury Epworth
League are already preparing for the
State conference of the California Ep
worth League of the Methodist Church
I South, to he held this stammer in Oak
land. The officers of the local league are :
President, W. H. Waste; first vice-presi
"dent, J. D. Harris; second vice-president,
Miss K. Ewing; secretary, Miss M.
Prather; treasurer, Roy Burke.
The State League, which has grown to
be a powerful organization, was organised
in this city five years ago. Since its or
ganization the league has rapidly grown
and is now in a very flourishing condition
all over the State. There are 4000 mem
bers in California, and the attendance at
the annual conference will be very large.
Many interesting features are being ar
ranged, and several of the best known
divines on the coast will attend. General
Secretary S. Steel of Nashville, Term.,
has informed the ccmmittee that he will
be present, and as he is regarded as a lead
ing man in tho Methodist Church South
he will doubtless draw a large gathering.
The programme also provides for union
meetings with the Oakland Young Men's
Christian Association, Christian Endeavor
Society, Baptist Union, Epworth League
of the Methodist churches and the Broth
erhood of St. Andrew.
At tbe last annual conference it was de
cided to maintain a missionary in some
foreign field, and the executive committee
has now issued a call for an assessment to
raise $500 for the first year. The selection
of the missionary will be made at the June
conference, which will convene at Asbury
Church on June 10.
W. H. Waste, who is president of the
local league, is very anxious that this
gathering shall be representative of the
Erogress of the church in this State, and
c is putting forth earnest efforts to bring
about that result.
An Early Blaze.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 14.— The Fire
Department was called out at an early
hour this morning in response to an
alarm turned in from box 32 by carriers of
the morning papers who discovered a
blaze in a shed in the rear of Oliver C.
Haslett's residence, 1533 Grand street.
Mr. Haslett thinks the fire wis caused by
spontaneous combustion, as the place was
locked when the firemen arrived. It con
tained several tons of coal and some pota
toes. Had the fire not been discovered it
would have communicated with the
house. It was extinguished after doing
$150 damages.
Objects to Municipal Ownership.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 14.— Julius
Quinchard issues an open letter to-day in
which he calls attention to the Municipal
Ownership Club's card published exclus
ively in yesterday's Call and accuses them
of "moving heaven and earth to perpetu
ate the present iniquitous system of light
ing the* streets ol Alameda." He then
adds:3****£*fl|
Do these men who compose said club believe
that the great public is merely a collection of
asses who will blindly follow their behests?
In these eight years the electric light has cost
us $200,000, or $25,000 a year, a figure which
is big enough to stagger any fair-minded per
son, as the Oakland Gas, Eight and Heat Com
pany offered over and over again to light the
city at about one- third of the present cost.
But then they say that company Is a "great
corporation" (of course greedy); but il said
corporation will furnish the same light to the
city at bo much lower figure, then never mind
what you call It— anything to release us from
the incubus of our electric- plant.
He closes with the suggestion that tbe
club submit the controversy to a vote of
the people.
Ghiglione at Home.
ALAMEDA, Cal,, Jan. 14. — Mattio
Ghiglione, a vegetable-grower of Bay Farm
Island, has been absent from home since
last Saturday, but returned this afternoon
none the worse- for wear. His friends
have been considerably worked up over
his absence, as be had $600 on Saturday.
Milo Felice, who has been a fugitive
from justice since May, 1894, was a part
ner of Ghiglione. Several anonymous
communications ". have . been received by
the latter warning him to beware of his
old partner, hence the anxiety when he
remained away from home so long.
Woodmen of the World.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 14.— The officers
of Spruce Camp No. 135, Woodmen of the
World, were installed last evening by
Head Manager I. L Boak ol Oakland Camp
No. 94. The new officers are: J.A.Col
lins, consul; W.B.Warren, advisor; W.
W. Groggin, banker; A. Mack, clerk; C.
Peterson, escort: C. Thrane, sentry; C.
Burgess, watchman. The exercises were
public and a banquet followed. :.";;:;*,
A Berlin shoemaker ha 3 invented an
artificial stone sole for shoes, composed of
a mixture of cement and white ' quartz
sand. It is claimed that a pair of such
soles will last ' for years, besides - being
elastic and comfortable to the feet.
DEANE ABANDONS
THE BIG CONTEST
Broderick Actually Gained
Ten Votes in 14,000
Ballots.
Attorney Schooler Ackncwledges
That the Election Was
Fair.
No Evidences of Fraud Were Dis
covered in Any of the Pre
cincts of the City.
"Your Honor, we respectfully move
that the contest in the case of William A.
Deane against William Broderick for the
office of Auditor be dismissed and that
further proceedings be dispensed with,"
said Attorney W. H. Schooler in Judge
Troutt's court yesterday afternoon.
Judge Troutt nodded in assent, mur
mured "So ordered," and the contest that
has been attracting the interest of politi
cians for a great many days was legally at
an end, with Broderick ten votes gainer
by the recount of 14,000 ballots.
Mr. Schooler said quite a number of
other things, and he said them hand
somely, in regard to the way in which the
recount of votes had been conducted by
the court and by the gentlemen on the
other side, Mr. Broderick and his attor
ney, Garret McEnerney. An appropriate
response was made by Mr. McEnerney,
and the court also expressed satisfaction
that the recanvass of votes bad shown so
good a state of affairs so far as the voters
and officers of election were concerned.
Mr. (Schooler said he felt that he could
not let the case close without expressing
the feelings of himself and Mr. Deane,
"The contest was begun in good faith and
was continued until we were convinced
that the election was in all respects con
ducted fairly,'' said Mr. Schooler. "We
have re-examined the votes cast in three
full Assembly districts and in seven pre
cincts of the Thirty-seventh and four in'
the Thirty-eighth. In all we have gone
over the records and -tallies of more than
14,000 votes. The original records have
been as near right as any one could rea
sonably expect. ,No evidence of fraud has
been discovered.
"One remarkable thing that has come
to my notice is that so many men fail to
vote for any candidate for certain
offices on the ticket. One man will omit
one office while another man will omit
a different office altogether. This appears
to be the result of design and not of acci
dent, I should say. Another notable fact
is tbat less than 1 per cent of the voters
used pencils tor marking their ballots.
"The net result oi the recount shows a
chance of only ten votes, and this change
it is but fair to say is in favor of Mr.
Broderick."
Mr. Broderick was not sorry that the
contest was made and was willing to co
ahead if necessary. He was content, how
ever, to stop whenever Mr. Deane thought
it advisable to abandon the contest.
Mr. Deane said he was induced to enter
the contest because of incorrect state
ments made to him by men who pre
tended to have seen crooked work on the
part of election ' officers. These stories
proved to be untrue. He was not sorry to
learn that the election officers had been
proved honest and faithful in the discharge
of their arduous duties.
PARK FOR WEST OAKLAND
The City Council Finally De
cides to Buy a Tract for
the Purpose.
It Will Be Located Near the Sixteenth-
Street Depot — A Happy
Conclusion.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,}
908 Broadway, Jan. 14. )
West Oakland is to have a park.
Through the endeavors of the West Oak
land Improvement Club an option on a
piece of land near the Sixteenth-street
depot was secured, and to-night the City
Council met and decided to purchase the
tract for $6675.
The people of West Oakland have long
agitated the question of a park in that
section and now they will be made happy
at the prospect of having their long
cherished plan carried to fulfillment.
OUT OP DEBT.
Gratifying Reports Made of the First
Baptist Church.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 14.— The annual
meeting of the First Baptist Church was
held last night and very gratifying re
ports were received, . showing that the
year closed with the church entirely free
from debt and with a very bright outlook
for the future.
N. S. Douglass, the treasurer, reported
receipts of $3485 lor current expenses;
$2137 was contributed to mission and
benevolent work and $800 for church re
pairs. The total membership at present
is 604, of whom 60 are non-residents and
23 Chinese.
The following officers were elected:
Trustees— N. Goldsby, E. J. Parker, B. S.
Tower, James Stark and J. H. Bell.
H. Garthwaite, clerk; John Patton, assistant
clerk; Albert Parker, statistical clerk; N. 8.
Douglass, treasurer; H. Garthwaite, deacon.
Musical committee— Mrs. J. L. Lyon, £. C.
Brown and A. A. Davis.
B. S. Tower, chief usher. *•■_, , ; . V ,
L. F. Fredericks, A. A. Davis and A. L.
Todd were appointed members of tbe ad
visory committee.
Deaf Slates Wedded.
.. OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 14.— Thomas Y.
Sandercock and Miss Laura Murry were
wedded this afternoon by Rev. W. N.
Vandemark in his office on Broadway, but
not a word was spoken. Both of the young
people are deaf mutes, so the marriage
ceremony was written out, and after be
ing shown the questions they wrote their
answers, and the minister showed them a
written statement declaring that he pro
nounced them husband and wife.
The groom is a crack rifle-shot of San
Luis Obispo, where he is known as Wild
Tom, the deaf cowboy. The bride is from
San Leandro.
Dr. Sharp on Trial.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 14.— The prelim
inary examination of • Dr." O. J. Sharp was
commenced to-day. Messrs. Church and
Melvin, from the District Attorney's of
fice, are conducting the .prosecution. ",f M.
C. Chapman and H. S. Aid rich represent
the defendant and Attorneys Francoeur &
Beatty appear for John Howard and Hul
dah Johnson. The testimony which . was
offered was similar to the stories already
published, and the case will . probably last
several days. " '*">" . '-.'??s,
— • — — • :
The Vacearazza Divorce Case.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 14.— The trial of
the Vaccarazza divorce case came up in
Auction Sales
A. L. CRESSWELL, AUCTIONEER,
THIS DAY.
Friday ....January 15, 1897,
At 11 O'clOCk A. M.,
X WILL SELL
THE ELEGANT FURNITURE
Contained in Kesidence,
704_ LARKIN STREET,
....COMPRISING IN FART:....
Beautiful Odd Pieces of Parlor Furniture, Ladies'
Rockers, Fine Swiss Lace Curtains, Steel En-
gravings, etc. ; Solid Oak Bedroom Sets, "^
Beds, Best Hair Mattresses, Down Pillows,
Axminster and Body Brussels Carpets over
house, Hall Hat Back, Fine Solid Oak Side-
board, 8-foot Extension Table, Dining Chairs
to match; Cut Glass and Decorated Ware;
Fine Range, with waterback; Kitchen Uten-
sils in great variety.
4*3" Terms (.'ash.
A. L. CRESSWELL, Auctioneer.
CHAS. LEVY & CO., ADCTMEERS.'
Salesrooms— ll3s Market Street.
THIS DAY.
Friday January 15, 1897,
At 10 o'clock a. m., at Salesroom,
1135 MARKET ST.. bet. 7tb. and Bth.
....*WE WILL SELL
AN ELEGANT LINE OF FURNITURE,
Carpets, Stoves, Ranges. Bedding, Mirrors,
Crockery, Glassware, etc. V'\'.
CHAS. LEVY _ CO.. Auctioneers.
ISDIAII AUCTION COMPASY.
THIS DAY.
Friday January 15, 1897»
At 11 o'clock a. m., at
1057 MARKET STREET, OFF. JONES,
..'..WE WILL SELL....
Parlor, Chamber and Dining-room Furniture. Bed-
ding, Lace Curtains, Crockery arid Glassware,
Ranges; also a large assortment of Ladles' Trim-
med and Untrlmmed Hats, Flowers and Feathers;
also a lot of New Tinware.' - ■
INDIANA AUCTION COMPANY.
the Superior Court to-day, and will be
completed to-morrow. They have not
been married long, but she accuses her
husband of cruel treatment and rude lan
guage. Some time ago she attempted to
commit suicide, but waa discovered in
time to save her life. While she was re
coverine, her husband severely cut his
foot, and while they were both confined to
the house*a reconciliation was made.
• > — ♦ — »
Facts About Finger-Rings.
Roman Embassadors sent abroad wore
gold rings as a part- of their state dress.
■ Early Celtic rings were made in inter
laced work, often of very intricate pat
terns.
The state ring of the Pope is set with a
large cameo bearing the portrait of Christ.
The ring of • the Jewish high priest was
invested by tradition with many mystic
powers.
Greek legends declare that the mystic
ring of Gyges, the King of L'ydia, made
the wearer invisible.
Down to the sixteenth century every
physician in Europe wore a ring as a
badge of his profession.
In the later Roman empire rings cut
from solid stones, generally agate or onyx,
became fashionable.
Lorenzo de Medici wore a ring that, ac
cording to tradition, had once belonged to
the. Emperor Nero.
Most of the medieval kings wore and
used signet rings because they were un
able to write their own names.
Anglo-Saxon rings were fashioned after
knotted cables, the knot being worn on
the outside of the hand.
THE
WEEKLY
GHLL
ol It Publishes the Cream of the
eJ News of the Week and
ol MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
el ORIGINAL FEATURES.
5 IT IS THB BEST WEEKLY
°\ PAPER ON THB
s*/ PACIFIC COAST
I~J Always Republican, but Always
°) Fair and Impartial in Its
°{ Rendering of the Po-
&l . litical News.
i zJ It's the Paper to Send East If
J You Want to Advertise
7) California.
5 " — ~\ — Z 77 . — '
*J The Best \ Mining
°J Telegraphic \/ News That
°S Service on /\ ' s Accurate
jol The Coast / \& up to data
°S Not a Line of it Sensational
ol or Faky, and Not a Line of
ol it Dry or Uninteresting.
"j A PAPER FOR THE COUNTRY FIRESIDE. .
r-J Brlp-ht, Clean, A Champion of
J Thoughtful. " _ Truth.
I) A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
~J ALL THE TIME.
I) IT ADVOCATES 1 SENT BY
n HOME MAIL, 51.50
Oi INDUSTRIES A YEAR.
ol THE CALL SPEAKS FOR fIU
•""""^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
A uttJß *i2i* K , EAI ** ST. Established
Klfjj; j&m ''' 1854 for the treatment of Private
gMj-gK-Ju-t Dls ease», Lost Manhood. Debility or
"S3j]Jjg**4aiSra disease wearing on bodyand mi nd and
■VBmBBSS Skin Diseases. 'I'hedoctorcureswheu
fcS"<.*vSM^ others fall. Try him. Charges low.
**9ey_MGiß('urcsß;narunl<.rd. Callorwrite.
Or. J. »*. «.lUDOX. Box 1937. San Francisco
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
Atlantic itij^gg}
»-*«_/"*"*"■_■_/"» fo&zZZrfPFs.
ralll ll* . *^^^^^^,
KAILKOAD
Trains leave an J arrlya "JMfl**TffTTMjr
/larlset-Street Ferry. ......... W*^^S>_SMKfc*i
UITA lE~EXPRESS. WljgMm
Xo Chicago via A. & F.^sjSSfSjSiCWTl^
Leaves da ly_t 6: JO p. m., carrying Pullman Palace
Drawing-room and Modern Upholstered Tourist
Bieeping-cars, which run dally through to Cluca__
via Kansas City. Annex cars for Denver and a*
Louis. ■■-.-■. . TT/. °**
Boston Kxcurslons, via Kansas City, Chlcara
Montreal and the White Mountains leave ever*
Tuesday, i ...... . *
■ The best railway from California to the Bast,
New rails, new ties: no dust; interesting scenery
and good meals in Harvey's dining-rooms. .••-- -
San Francisco Ticket Office, 644 market
St., Chronicle Building.. Telephone Mala
1031. Oakland, 11 18 BroatLvar.
SPECIAL ACCTM SALE.
THIS DAY. .
Friday January 15, 1897
fe At 11 o'clock A. *• fe.
SOUTH PARK LIVERY STABLE, 544
Urannan St., Ret. Second and Third.
On account of death of Mr. smith and sickness
Of Mr. Thomas Pourtney we. will sell to highest
bidder
CONTENTS OF THE ABOVE STABLE,
CONSISTINO 0P....
30 Horses, 2 Hacks. 3 Surrles. 15 Buggies, 3 Carts,
3 Wagons, 30 Sets of Harness, Robes, Blankets,
Whips, etc. Sale positive. •
SULLIVAN „ DOYLE
Office — 337 Sixth st. Livestock Auctioneers.
RAILROAD raAVEI* ___„__„■
SOITUKKM rAI'IMV I'O'II'ANT.
(r.u.iFii brnaaL)
Train* leave ami •■«••«■ «lii«> lv arrive at
SAN I*ICA NCISCO.
leave — From January 1. 1597. — ARRiva
»S:0»a Niles, San Jose and Way Stations . . . S*4.*i a
~:*>Oa Atlantic Exj-ress, Ofdeu and Kar.t.. 8:15p
7:00 a Konicia, VacaTilie, ltumsey. Sacra-
mento. OroTille and Redding vi_
DaTia 6:45p
7:SOa Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, Napa,
Caliatoga and Santa Rosa 6:13*»
8:U0a Niles, Ban Jose, Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, MarysTille, Chico,
Tehama and Red Bluff -«:!<lp
•8:30 a Peters ami Milton «7:10p
8:«» a New Orleans Impress, Baymond (for
Yosemite), Fresno, BakersQeld,
Santa Barbara, 1 .oh Angeles, Dom-
ing, £1 Paso, New Orleans and
East 4:43p
9:00 a Martinez and Stockton 4 :4."i
«:00a Vallejo 6:13p
Niios, San Jose, Livermore and
Stockton 7:1.1p
*1:00p Sacramento River Steamers *9:<»l»p
l:OOp Niles, Baa Jobo and Livermore S:43a
tl:3«p Port Coata and Way Stations t?:43p
4:UUi* Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo,
Napa, Callstoga, XI Verano and
Santa Rosa 9:13 a
4:00p Benioia, Vacaville, Woodland
Knights Landing, Marysville, Oro-
vllle and Sacramento 11:13 a
4 :30p Lathrop. Stockton, Modesto, Mer-
ced and Fresno, going via Niles,
returning via Martinez H:43_
SiOOpLos Angeles Express. Tracy,
Fresno, Santa Barbara and Los
Angeles 1 Oi 40a
SiOOp Santa Fo Route, Atlantic Express
for Mnjavs and East 10:43 a
6>OOp European Mail, Ogdeu and East.... 0:43 a
0:00p Haywards, Niles and Han Jose 7:43 a
J7:OOpVallojo *)7j45»
7:00p Oregon Express, Sacrameuto, Marys-
ville, Redding, Portland, Pugek
Sound and East 11:13 a
-*J10:©Op "Sunset Limited." Fresno, Los
Angeles, Bl Paso, New Orleans
and East §1»:45p
SANTA CKI'S IHTInION (Narrow tlange).
8:13 a Newark, terville.Han Jose, Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations SiSOr
*3:15p Newark. Centervllle, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations «11i30a
4:13 Newark, San Jose and Los Gatos ... 9:30 a
f11:43p Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
Way Stations .' 17»20p
COAST VISION (Thiril .1 Townsend St».)
C:43a San Jose aud Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) llSOp
8:13 a San Jose, Tres Pinos, Santa Cruz.
-Pacitio Grove, Paso Rubles, San
Luis Obispo, Guadalupe, Surf and
. Principal Way Stations , 7:00p
' I 0:40 a San Jose and Way Stations ' 9:00p
11:39 a Palo Alto and Way Stations B>3o*
■ *9t:3op San Mateo, Menlo Park. San Jose,
Gilroy, Tres Pinos, Santa Cruz,
Salinas, Monterey and PaciflcGrovs M O:40 A
•3: HOP San Jose and Way Stations 9:43 a
*4:30p San Jese and Way Stations *8:03 a
3:30r Sax . Jose ami Principal Way Stations "8:43 a
o:*Jop San Jose and Way Stations 11:3,1 a
1II:13i* Ban Jose anil Way Stations *>7t43p
■ SAX LEAXUKO ANU HAIWARIIS LOCAL.
: . i*0:OOa ", C 7il3a
8:OOa j (9:4.1 a
IO.'SSt Melrose, Seminary Park,, \l\i^
•":S2p Fltrtibnrg, San leandro,, »-■»
3:00p Md i. 4:43p
4:00? 1 5:43p
5:OOp Harwarda. 6:1 3p
c«3op ns-fvTMin. 7:45p
7:»TOp 8:4 3
8:00p , _ .. . . „„ 9: S.*lp
■ 9:00p * Rons through to Niles. lOiSOp
ttllWspJ t From NUes. [ fH2:OOp
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrom SIN PRISCISCO— Foot of Kirket Street (Slip 8)— -
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. U*OQ *2:00 13:00
•4:00 J5.00 *»6:oOp.ii.
From OAKIAHD— of Broadway -6:00 8:00
• 10:00 a.m. 12:00 *1:00 12:00 *3:00 i:00
"5:00 p.m.
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
* Sundays excepted. t Saturdays only.
J Sundays only.
It Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
ITnecdays and Saturdays. 6 Sundays and Thursdays.
SASFRIMSCO&RORTHPA.
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Kafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, .9:00, li:00 A. if.: 13:3*k
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 P. *_. Thursdays— Extra trio
at 11:30 p. __ Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:63
and 11:30 p. it.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a.m.; 1:30, 3:34
6:00, 6:20 p. _..
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:60, 9:20, 11:10 a. it-
-12:45, 3:40, 5:10 p. _*. Saturdays— Extra trlas
at 1:55 p. if. and 6:35 p. _.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. if.; 1:40, 3:40.
6:00, 6:25 p.m.
Between San Francisco and Schaetzen Park sams
schedule as above.
I'*'»vo1 '*'» vo I Tn effect '' Arrive
San Franclsca . o° t 14? Baa Francisca
Wmk I Sun- De .-;^i or . Sex- I w___~
Days. | pays. "e»"nation. BAYa _ | DaYBj
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 AM . 8:40 am
8:80 pm 9:30 ami Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:25 ax
6:10 pm 5:00 pm j Santa Rosa. 7:35 TM 6:22 p_
_____ ___ . _
Fulton, f
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
Geyserville,
8:80 PM 8:00 am Cloverdale. | 7:35 Pit 8:22 pm
___ *
Hopland— :•■-:*■ -:
7:80 am 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:35 6:22 pm
7:30 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
8:30 Pit ■_ 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am J 8:40 am
and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 PMj 6:22 pm
7:30 am 1 8 :00 AMI Rflh-.tonoi 110:40 AM|lO:35 AM
3:30 [5:00 opo1 * I 6:10 pm| 6:22
Stages connect at Santa Bosa for Mark West
.Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at
I Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pleta for Highland
■ Springs, Kelseyville, Soda Bay and Lakeport; at
Hopland for Lakeport and Bartiett Springs; at
i Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blno
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake. Porno, Potter
1 Valley, John Day's, Blverslde, Lierley's, Buck-
j nells, Sanhedrin Heights, Hullviile, Bconevillo,
I Greenwood, Orr's Hot Springs. Mendocino City,
I Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal, Willets, Cahto, Co-
veio, Laytonvllle, Harris, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at red uoel
rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
yond San Kafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 660 Market st., Chronicle bunding.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
"IORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAI
(Via Sausallto Ferry). <**\
rram Kan Francisco, Commencing Sept. 1& 189_
l '/.:'■:;■:■" WEEKDAY"-
Far Mm Valley and San Kafael— *7 l3s, •9:1';
i 11-00 a. M.: "1:45, 3:45, »6: 16. «5:46,6 ».l*
Extra trips for Ban Rafael on Mondays, Wednes-
days and Saturdays at 11:30 p. *_.
SUNDAYS
For Mill Valley and San Bafael— *B :oo. *10:05
•11:30 a. m. ; •1:30, 3:00, *4:30, 6:16». M.
; Trains marked * run to San Quentln.
THROUGH TRAINS.
For Point Reyes and way stations— 7:2s a. a
I Weekdays, 8 -00 a. M. Sundays, 1:45 it _. satn*
days. ■
£*r Caaadero and way stations— a. — . ««m_>
•gays 1*45 i*. v. Saturday. -
THE m FRAXCISCO ASD SAS JOAQUU
i VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY. ,
FROM JANUARY 1, 1897. passenger trains
will run daily, excepting Sunday: ; ■-•
Southbound. * Statious. Northbound
7:20 a. _. Stockton 6:40 P. M.
9:49 a. x Merced S:I4P. M.
11:60 A :m.;.. ........ Fresno ....:..... 1:10 p. M.
For Intermediate stations see time-table.
Connecting steamboats of the C. N. <fc L Co.
leave Ban Francisco at 6 p. M. dally, excepting
Saturday, and Stockton at 6 P. M. daily, excepting
Sunday. — .
MOUNT TAMLPAIS.
7 Trains connect with North Paciflo
Coast Railroad. . ■'
,WEEK DAYS— Leaves F. 9:15 A. M. 1:45 p. M
. Beturnlng— Arrive S. F. 3:25 p. m. 6:20 v m."
SUNDAYS— Leave S.F. 8 a.m 11:30 a.m. 1:30 pm.
Returning— Arrive 5.F.1:16 p,m.4:20 p.m. 7:35 p.m.
'. Tickets for sale In Mill Valley or
THOs. COOK _ SONS, 621 Market St., 8, F.
Mill Valley and Mount Tamaipais Scenic Hallway,
■—-I— iii.iiW mn,-nm-»a-' i"«m_«i.iiriiiiiii__— i
1112
FLASHLIGHT RAN
A VERY FAST MILE
Defeated Schiller and .ln
stallator in the Handi
cap.
The Surinam __orse Was a
Despised Outsider in the
Betting.
Daylight Was First in a Drlv*.
Pollrck Defeated the Hot Favor
ite Wocdchopper.
The handlcappers, the midnight oil
burners, the touts, the trainers, the
owners, the gentlemen who smoke, the
cooks in the track restaurant, the' colored
waiters, the swipes, the jockeys, the ladies
in the grand stand, and even the fireman
that sits in the cab of the engine hauling
racegoers from the Oakland mole to the
track, were all willing to go on the stand
and testify that Schiller, Barney Schrei
ber's good colt, was an "air tight" for
the mile handicap at Oakland yesterday.
The result simply justifies the degree of
uncertainty with wnich money is picked
up at the racing game, and why a man
who has won $100,000 at it should be
decorated with medals and have cable
cars named after him. Flasnlight, als to
1 shot with 100 pounds up, ri !den by
"Skeets" Martin, led the other four start
ers from wire to wire, finishing the mile
in l:4o**-£, two lengths ahead of lnstallator,
the second choice. Schiller, with his 106
pounds was third, a length away. It was
a severe shock, but happily to relate, there
was no deaths among the assembled
crowd. Oakland climate has been respon
sible for a great deal in the racing line.
There were nineteen starters in the open
ing, six-furlong dash, and by gooJ riding
and an essence of luck thrown in, Bob Isom
got Daylight, one oi the second choices,
carrying the red, white and blue of A. B.
Spreckels, home, winn--r by a head over
Double Quick. Last Chance was a close
third.
Woodchopper was an even money choice
for the mile run that followed, but was
outrun from the start by Zeke Abraham's
Pollock, against which 4 to 1 was laid, and
beaten out nearly two lengths. Charles
A ran into show.
Don Clarencio was made a false favorite
for the Hiira race at six furlongs with a
field of fourteen facing the barrier, but
did not set within the money. At the end
Rienzi with Bob Isom up won rather
handily from Viking, a 100 to 1 shot.
In the first six-furlong spurt Quicksilver
made his usual front run and died away.
Then in a hard drive Thorpe, on the 6 to 5
chance Montgomery, downed Kowalsky a
neck in 1:15. Show honors went to Braw
Scot.
NOTES.
After the first race, in which nineteen
started from the barrier, Charley Thorpe,
who had the mount on George Rose, the
favorite, said it seemed as though every
green boy riding in the race was Denton
taking a chance in getting to the front.
His mount was bumped about and finished
beyond the money. .
Henry Stull, whose- paintings in oil of
equine celebrities have been so much ad
m red, arrived from JSew York Wednesday
evening. Mr. Stull looks over the "dope"
book now and then and is quite successful
laying down a bet at times.
Ed Purser is somewhat irritated at a
long sie_e of ill luck and if he carries out
a declaration made on the Oakland boat
yesterday morning California will not see
him here next winter. The tall Easterner
thinks too much partiality is shown local
horses in 'he handicaps and other events,
and if things continue as they are he will
look for pastures new in the time to come.
Rosebud was' ineligible to start in the
mile dash, captured by Pollock, which ac
counted for the scratching of the chestnut
mare.
Seaside was well backed to win the mile
selling event, but made a miserable show
ing. In the last race. Sea Spray, from the
THE "CALL" RACING GUIDE.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB. Oakland Racetrack. Thursday, January 14. . Thirty-first
day of the winter meeting. Weather fine. Track fast.
on- FIRST RACE— Three-quarters of a mile; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse $400.
342 !
376 !
369 I
358
374 !
379 i
ml
276 .
! Daylight, 4 105
Double Quick, 4., 98
I Last Chance, a. ..102
| Allahabad, 5 105!
! Or. McAllister a 105
George Rose, 5.. 1091
I Tuxedo, a 102
I Mahogany, a 105
' Mt. Roy, a 107
Trlx, a 105
Irma.s WO
! Nervoso, 6 105
Birß chard, a.... 101
greenback Jr., 5.107
Reagan. 5 107
Mamie R, 4 106
La France, 4 105
spry Lark, 4 . 102
Jerome s, a. 108 1
Horse, age, weight.
I 9
! 11
14
6
I 7
I 4
15
1 5 5
6
3
16
13
1
18
2
10
12
17
8
19
71
l! %
12
13
14
91
5b
15
1 2
8 V.
4%
3h
16
1?"
17
11
18
6 h
19
i ______ I
::.:::
:::::::!
:
Sir.
71
2 8
*V*
61
9
11
10
12
1 1
13
61
31
14
15
16
82
18
17
19
Fin. j
1 h
23
31
4
6
6
7
8
9
10
II
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
It. Isom
Clawson
H.Martin
Thompson
Stev.
Thorpe
G Wilson
J- Mcl»onald....
Bozeman
H. Smith
Mitchell
J. Wird
Spencer
Reeves
Ames
Burllngame....
Brock
Dahenny
J. Weber
Op.
5
3
10
20
6
7-5
12
20
10
60
50
20
15
100
50
50
60
; 50
[ 60
3
3
8
30
15
8-5
30
60
12
100
200
30
20
300
300
60
800
100
100
"876 j
:::::::
i
•!
869 j
270
876
379
869
369
_•
►::::::
I
I
I
start. Won driving.
W!
A. B. Spreckels' eh. h., by Colma-Lucy S. Time, 1:15%.
_iqq SKtOSIJ RACK— mile; four-year-olds and upward: selling; purse 9300.
Horse, age, weight.
St.
%'
Jockey.
• i
288
374
374 j
342
374
293 |
Pollock, 4 107
Woodchopper, a.. 110
[Charles A, a 107
Two Cheers, a. ... 109
Seaside, a 105
Monterey, 6 109
2
1
3
5
6
4
2 h
1 2
4*
6
6 2
!_*
34
4 2
6 .
5 1
2h -I
12y 3
3 *
44
64
6
'21
13
36
45
64 *
6
12
2 nk
35
4 5
5 10
6
i uorpe
Doggelt
H. Martin
Freeman
Isom
lIaIH. -
4
3-6
10
' 8
I 8
! 50
7-2
1
12
10
4
200
Go'den
Good start. Won driving. Winner, Z Abraham's b. g., by imp. Rosstngton-Marjorle.
:42y 2 .
Time,
■0 THIRD
purse $350.
Index.
Horse, weight.
V.
39-' Rlenzi. 100
248 rtkin? 97
367 Fortunate 100
Woodland Belle.. 98
368 Don C'larentio luuj
326 Roy Carruthers.. .100
375 Defender 96
287 Widow Jones.... 100
349 Imp. Sairr 11l
350 [Philip H 97
852 Alternera 104
Begonia V.: 105,
373 Argestes 95
377 Investigator 111.. 11l j
! 6
7
10
8 I
I 1
4 I
3
11
9
12
I 2
I 13
14
I &
•::::.:• i
i
i
i
BV4
4 '•_
9 V*
7V%
,2 V.
1?
ifil
12
5 1
18
14 .
6V.
h
1 1
* Vi
8 4
42
51
61
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
R Isom
Mitchell
4 lawsori
Slaughter
Jones
J. Jackson
J. Woods
spencer
Burilngame ....
Reldy
H. Martin.
Brock
J. Weber.
Doggett.
4
60
10
10
6-2
15
40
60
4
50
6
30
60
8
5
100
6
8
2
50
75
100
7
. 60
6
200
300
15
4
64
i
I
Good start. Won
P. M
Oi ,A FOURTH RACE— One mile; handicap; purse $450. " ~~ " " '
Index.
Horse, age, weight.
(353)
346 I
(340)
340
j Flashlight, 5 100
lusiallaior, 5 106
Schiller, 4 106
Saiauma, a 98
[Mary Nievez, 4... 94
3
9
1
4
6
11%
3Va
4
2b
6
12
2h
4
33
5
1 2
2V.
4
34 .
6
13
23
4 -
I*
12
2 1
88
4 50
5
H. Martin
Th0rpe..........
Slaughter
10
,9-5
1
4
500
I
Jones i
McKeuna
Good Mart. Won driving. Winner, F-rrar A Tubervllle's b. b., by Surinam-! aura Winston.
ae. 1 : 40%.
er-, Q*| FIFTH RACK— Three-quarters of a mile; selling; three-year-olds and up; parse $400.
Index.
Horse, age, weight. St. Vi
Montgomery, 4.. 110 4
Kowalsky, 4 102 6 ........
Braw Scott, a.. ..106 2
Quicksilver, 5.. 112 8
Howard, a 113 9 ........
Peril, a .107 1
Elmer F, a. 1.09 7
sea spray, 5 ......111 6 .'•
Billy Ayers, a.... 105 3
[ Betting.
Op. CI.
(374)
380
379
374
374
379
361
871
21
5 ll
4 9
13
6b
3 2
9
81
72
2 1
64
6Vi
12V
4 b
33
9
8 V.
71
23
32
66
1 1
63
43
■I*
1 ns
2 2
3y,
s*4*
5 4
66
7 10
84
9
i norpe
H. Martin
Slaughter. ......
Shaw
J. Sullivan......
B. Isom..
i reeman. ......
oggett.
Brock
6-5 6-5
6 . 9-2
5 6
10 25
10 25
15 20
20 30
4 4
50 600
Perfect start. Won driving. Winner, Burns <fc Waierhouse's cb. g., by Hanover-Blessing.
ae, 1:16.
same stable, also came in for very heavy
support, and although Sam Doggett had
the leg up the gelding was never able to
extend himself. All these little trifles are
very funny and serv.e to make the foot
notes in the lorm books very readable.
Schiller made Flashlight look like a
"yaUer dog" one day at Ingleside, but
how decisively the bay horse turned the
tables yesterday I It behooves one to em
bark in the bookmaking business when
some of these races are carefully perused.
Altauera was a supposed "good thing"
in the third event which failed to materi
alize. The Baldwin horses are not dis
playing the form they did while Trainer
Frank Taylor was at the helm. Mr. Tay
lor is ill with pneumonia. «■
Tully Coulter's filly Woodland Belle was
extensively bacKed to get the coin yester
day and although rather unlucky during
the progress of the running made a fine
showing and next time out should about
land.
What a real good one Viking appears
to be when the ring gets gay and marks
up 100 to 1. Professor Gleason might be
ablt to break some of these horses of their
roguish tricks.
Satsuma pulled up quite lame after his
race. His owner, Dr. Kowell, thought very
well of tne chestnut horse's chance and
close place odds were laid against him.
Kowal-ky was interfered with by Quick
silver below the paddock, whica undoubt
edly cost that horse the purse in the last
race. Shaw, who had the mount on
Quicksilver, was suspended for foul rid
ing. Many found fault with "Skeets"
Martin's ride on Kowalsky, being unkind
enough to say that be finished as close up
as he wished to. Martin is fast getting to
the top and he would be very indiscreet to
resort to any questionable methods.
Rule 15 of the California Jockey Club
says: "Scratches in handicaps must be
made by 10 o'clock a. m., the same as in
other races." In the mile handicap yester
day were two entries from the Burns <fc
Waterhouse stable, Sweet Favordale and
Salisbury 11.
On the blackboard the name of the
brown mare was early chalked up as a
non-starter and the combination fiends,
supposing Salisbury was to go, proceeded
to bet their money at this hazardous
game. The combination stand was pleased
to lay the long price of 20 to 1 against t:ie
son of Racine. Now, this looked very
tempting and catchy, and his name went
down on many a pasteboard. Just before
the first race was called it was announced
that Salisbury was scratched, and all the
combinations written with his name in
were, of course, lost, without the holder
getting a run for the money wagered.
Following are the entries for this after
noon's running events:
First race, selling, three-quarters of a mile.
Seven Up 107 376 Cheridah. 102
344 Racina 102 375 Linden-ale 97
344 Motlestla 97 289 Valdos 104
... Veloz 110 344 Dacapto 108
344 Cogent 107 .... TheatockßrokrlU4
206 Pint Smith.... 107 308 Jas. Porieui....los
344 Moreno 102 103 Auqnro 97
368 Flambeauette.lo^ 376 Play Boy 99
Second race, selling, one and a sixteenth miles.
362 Foremost.. 106 365 Little Bob 106
383 Monl. a 106 .... St. Apollo 109
378 Doyle 106 382 Examiner 106
870 Lovd_i 109 382 Pecksn.ff 109
Third race, purse, fifteen-sixteenths of a mile.
373 Tempestuous.. .lol l 373 Inaammator...lo4
(373)1 sric IL 107 386 Bernardino..... lol
373 Arezzo. 107|
Fourth race, purse, one mile.
378 Collins ..11l 371 Ferrler 124
. 37z tabrtllo 114! 379 Formal 109
( 370 Feter II 114 352 Arapahoe .09
. B'J St. Aignon. 106 1
Fifth race, purse, three-quarters of a mile.
128 Heartsease 104. 369 Hyman 109
: 363 Roadrunuer....ll2 376 snoladaln. 109
*93 Sir Reginald.... 109' 266 Virgle A 104
149 Gondola 107 -93 Iron Jacket ... .109
160 Picnic 107 376 Myron... .109
3*l Flusnban 107 381 Game cock — 112
371 Nelson 112 260 San Lucas 109
380 Tim Murphy. 109! 293 Monterey 112
276 Joe Hill 109
SELECTIONS FOB TO-DAT.
First Racina, James Porteng,
Play Boy. /
Second Lovdal, Moults, Doyle.
Third race Arezzo, Osric 11, Bernar
dino.
Fourth race — Formal, Ferrler, Ca
brillo.
' Fifth race— Murphy, Road Runner,
Iron Jacket.
VETOED BY THE MAYOR.
The Plumbing Ordinance Was Not Satis
factory to tbe Chief Executive.
Mayor Phelan vetoed the plumbing or
dinance that was recently submitted to
the Board of Supervisors by the Board of
Health yes erday.
The returning of the document without
his approval is the result of a conference
recently held by the Mayor and some of
the members of the Health Board.
The Mayor was not quite satisfied with
some of the provisions of the ordinance
and so told tbe medicos. When the order
is amended so as to conform to the
Mayor's ideas it will probably go through
without opposition.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 15, 1897.
SHE WILL BEHOLD
HER BABES AGAIN
:
Mrs. Bueter's Children Will
Soon Be Taken to
Agnews.
An Attempt to Be Made to
Soothe Her Sadly Dis
traught Mind.
Mrs. Pettee Emphatically Denies That
She Ever Made Any Charge
Against Her.
Very likely in the next few days the ex
periment of trying to soothe the wildly ex
cited mind of Mrs. Gratz Bueter by bringing
before her the two little children who are
now in the Sheltering Arms will be triad.
Crazed by th© loss of them she went
shrieking to ber imprisonment at the
Agnews Asylum under commitment by
the court. Since she departed Sister Julia
has been made their guardian. Mrs. John
Pettee, Mrs. John Petreau and Sister
Julia, all of whom have become deeply
interested in the misfortunes of Mrs.
Bueter, bave met and talKed the matter
over. Yesterday Mrs. _*ettee said that
Mrs. Bueter will soon see the little ones
again.
From Mrs. John Petreau some facts
have been learned concerning the recent
history and characteristics of Mrs. Bueter.
Mrs. Petreau employed Mrs. Bueter to do
some work for her. "I am not rich," said
Mrs. Petreau, "but I helped her some. I
lound her to be a quiet little- person, very
fond of her children, and working when
ever she could find work to do. one
time she boarded the little ones, paying
for their board 30 cents a day when she
was earning 75 cents per day. Bother
children were poorly fed and grew thin
and she then did the next best thing that
she could." BSM
This is the substance of the statement
mud* by Mrs. Petreau to Mrs. Pettee con
cerning the unfortunate woman whose
life has met witb such a remarkable and
unlooked-for turn. From another source
it is learned that Mrs. Bueier had another
child, which she was unable to support.
This was placed in a charitable institu
tion and died there. Mrs. Bueter felt .the
loss of that one keenly. Struggling one
way. and another to get the necessaries of
life her thought was mainly of her chil
dren. They were her only joy ana pleas
ure. All the rest was a hard fi^ht lor ex
istence for them and for herself.
At one time Mis. Petreau, a fine-looking,
motherly lady, took the Bueter children
into her home and cared for them two or
three weeks. Altogether she has seen
much of Mrs. Bueter, and she has no idea
that Mrs. Bueter was insane until her
children were lost to her.
Mrs. Pettee was at the offices of the So
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Children yesterday. She called to demon
strate clearly that she has never made any
complaint against Mrs. Bueter. She said
emphatically: "Mr. Welch is much mis
taken if he says that I ever made any
charee against airs. Bueter."
Sl.e too- no pains to conceal her Indig
nation, and said that if the directors of
the society re-elects Mr. Welch as sec
retary at the meeting to occur in Feb
ruary a new society will be started to do
the same work. - *
NEWSBOYS SET IEEE.
Charges' of Disturbing the Peace
Dismissed by Judge Jnachlmien.
Tommy Crowe, a diminutive newsboy,
appeared in Judge Joachimsen's court
yesterday, to answer to a charge of dis
turbing the peace by challenging another
boy to fight on Christmas eve at Clay and
Montgomery streets. The other boy was
J. Cervanto.
Policeman Knight arrested the boys on
the complaint of Zeigler Bros., who "have
a stationery -store on the comer, and they
were bailed out by Thomas Boyle, busi
ne-is manager of the Bulletin.
Ex-Judge Ferral interested himself in
the case, and yesterday appeared in court
to defend them. Tommy was present, but
Cervanto is in Sacramento acting as one
of the pages in the Legislature. The
Judge dismissed the charge against both
boys and Tommy promised not to use
any vulgar language in the future.
SEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Henry Hintze to Bertha Hi.itze, lot on 8 line of
Sutter street* 1-7:1 X of Laguna, E 29 by S 95; $.">.
Vollna E. Harrlgan to Lodwlc Fischer lot on .\
line of Fourteenth street, 143:6 E of Guerrero. E
26 by N 98; $10.
Jonn F. aud Alice Kennedy to San Francisco
Lumber Company, lot on N line of Twenty-first
street. 120 W of Howard, W 50 by N 95: $10.
Addie J. Grader to Charles K. Miller, lot on S
line of Fourteenth street, 76 W of Landers. W 25
by S 110: $2UOO.
Hans L and Marie C Kofoed to Charles J.
Keighln, lot on I". line of Castro street, 227 Sot
Seventeenth, 8 48 by E 80; #10.
Eugene and Julienne Dumon elle to Tallant
Banking Company, lot on S line of Twenty-slxih
street, 25 E of Treat avenue, E 54:4*/ a by -» 90:
also lot on SK corner of Twenty-sixth street and
Treat avenue, E 25 by S 90; also lot on NE cor
ner of Hayes and Lott streets, E 60 by N loo
also lot on N lino of Hayes street, 60 E of Lott'
E25 by N 100 1 $5. '
Fannie S. Downing to Tlilie Dlttenhoeffer, lot on
SK corner of Twenty-fourth and Castro streets. E
80 by 114: $10. '
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to W. H. Thomas
lot on \V line of Kansas street, 274:9 Nof Yolo'
N :3by 100; $10. a
W illiam H. Thonas to Florinda Thomas, lot on
E line of Vermont street, 100 s of -onoma, s 26
by X 200; also lot on W line of Kansas street, 274 -9
>. of Yolo, N ;3 by W 100: also lot ou '»
line of Day street, 230 W of Church, W 26 by S
114; aso lot on Is* line ot Shle.ds street, 2. E of
Ford, E 25 by N 100, ots fraud 7, block 13, Lily
Land Association; $510.
J. Charles and Emma A. Howlett to Emily F
Cti trier, lot on W line of Twentv-thlrd avenue
200 is of Clement street, N 50by W 12ti; $ia '
Louis and Pose Liuman (i.ondou and s», bran
cisco Bank, Limited) to Joseph E. Theriot. lot on
W line of Ninth avenue. 160 S of H street. S 25
by 1.0. $10.
Same to Karl and Sophie Hlnderer. lot on E line
of Tenth avenue. 220 Bof H street, S 60 by X 12u;
M.J. Manning to lames Shea, lot on'Elineof
Thirtieth avenue, 300 ts of I street, 8 50 by E 120;
$10.
< harles J. and Mattie A. Kalghan to Hans L
Kofoed, lot on 8 line of Plymouth avenue, 308 E
of Holly street, E 50 by S 100. lots 16 and 17
block 8, Holly Park Tract: $10.
Thomas Welch to Henry Bentley, lot on NE
line of Twelfth avenue south, 176 \W of F s' re
south, NW 60 by NE 100, block 233, South San
Francisco Homestead and Railroad As.ociation*
$10.
August O. Doul to Ephralm H. Tryon. lot on NW
line of Woolsey street 81 NE o; Berlin NE26
NE 100, SW 26, SE 100, subdivision 6, block 10
University Mound Homestead survey; $35».
Mary J. and Frederick M. l.ovell io Charles A.
Noyes, lot beginning at a point on Falcon street
100 W from the E line of lot 1. W 45, N to Short
street, E io a point 100 W from the E line of lot 1,
S to beginning, being a portion of lot I, block 12,
Pioche «fc Robinson's -subdivision; $10.
C. A. and Motile Noyes to N. D. Thayer, same;
A. W. Kennedy to San Francisco Lumb r Com
pany, lot on N line of -adowa street, 60 W of Fly
mouth, W 25 by N 125. portion of lot 8, block G,
Railroad Homestead Association; SlO.
Kennedy and Shaw Lumber Company to same,
lot on SW corner ot block 26, Lake View, W 112:6
by 8 150. being E half of lot 30 and ail lots 31 to
36, block 26, Lake VI W; 810.
ALAMEDA COUNTY.
Gottlieb Lelnhy to Emily Meehan. lot on S line
of Lincoln street, 90 E of Wil ow, E 25 by 8 135
being lot 11, block X, Toland Tract, Oakland; $5
John A. and Salo L, Beckwl b to Thorua- J.
O'Connor lot on N line of Sixteenth street; 12 E
of West, E 28 by N 103:9. being the E 28 feet of
lot 12, block F, map of property of North Oakland
Lome.*! Association, Oakland; $10. '
George D. and Lucrezia C. Charles (oy attorney)
to oeorge Roeth, lot on N line of Walton (or Thir
ty-tiflh) street, 316:3 W of West, >v" 100 by N
120:3, belt. lots 24, 25 and 26. block M, map of
property of Central Land Company (formerly the
Brown Tract), Oakland; $10.
Isaac and Margaret -. K. Copeland to Patrick
Downey, lot on 8 line of Locust street, . 95 \V. of
Grove, W 60, 8 110, E 46, N 70, X 6, N 40 to be
ginning, being portion of lots 8, 9 and 11, block B»
KelseyTr'Ct, Oakland: *?10. :■■
W. H. and Ella Bast to James Brown, lot 2,
block 6, Gaskill Tract, quitclaim doed, Oakland
Township; 810. '.■-',.
W. W. Palmer to Gottlieb Schumacher, lot on 8
line of Harrison avenue, 35 W from Central Pa
cific Railroad track, W 75, S 120 to a point dis
tant 30 from center of Central Pacific Railroad
Tract , thence N E on a curve distant 36 from cen
ter of said track and parallel to said track 150 to
intersection of S line or Harrison avenue and
place of beginning. Alameda: $10.
E. a. and Martha J. Haines to Adelbert E.
Bolton, lot 16, block 1464, Blake Tract, map 2,
Berkeley, quitclaim oe»d: $5.
Harr>' H. and Virginia M. Webb to Christopher
C. Webb, ell Interest In lots 28 to 31, block 12.
Amended Map of Central Park, Alcatraz and
Newbury stations. Berkeley, quitclaim deed;
$400.
Frederick Lnx and Eliza J. Gilliland to Sarah'
F. Evans, lot on N line of Lincoln street. 256 E of
Sacramento, E 105 by N 135:4V_, all being in
block 1. Teachers' State University Homestead
As-oclatlou, Berkeley; JlO.
David sy. times to E. X Waterman, lot on SE
Wat of Led wood avenue, 184.60 NE of Tobler
street. SE 125. :,W 31.ti0, Sit 125. NE 49.12, NW
8-7.51, SW 3 0.47 to bet-Inning, being lots 28 to
88, andNE 26.40 feet of lot 27, F'rultvale Park
Tract, Brooklyn Township; also lot on Scorner of
Goldman avenue and Old County road No. 708 or
Presco t street, thence- SW -82.96, SE 13*67,
NE 22".70. NW 166.63 to beginning, being lots
81 to 89. Frultv-le Park Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship, $10.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco CAIX—
710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
539 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
6W. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, epea
nntil 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street. ODen until 9:30 o'clock, i
NOAACJi O-' MARTIN OS.
Bf_*_S» CALIFORNIA commander " ___;
■r-»* No. 1, K. T., Masonic Temple. PostTftp
and Montgomery sis.— Regular assembly *£**_
THIS (FRIDAY! EVENING, January 15, B*
at "H3O o'clock. ORDER OF TEMPL."-.. All ▼
Sir Knights are courteously invited. By order of
Sir MARTIN JONES, Eminent Commander.
Sir Hiram T. Gbavks. Recorder.
jfr^-- ye'rbab'ueaa LODGE NO. _*MJraZ
£>.£»- 15, I. O. .1. F.— Ollicers and > *? t^s6-
-members are requested to assemble *=§sl*ss***=jF'
in Memorial Hall, I. O. O. F. buil ing, -^"uw
FRIDAY, January 15, a: 1:30 P. M , for the pur-
pO'e or attendin-; the funeral of our late brother,
GEORGE L. ABEL.
M. S. JEFFERS Jr., N. G.
George L. Perham, Kec. Sec. _
fF^--~ (J. A. O. D.— THE OFFICE RS*>r__j
v**** and members of the Grant Grove. cS2jf
' 'al.— You are requested to attend a special Ed li
meeting in Druius' all, FRIDAY , 1 ML, for the.
purpos- of attending the funeral of our late
brother, G. A. ABEL. Alt. S. R. By order,
J. A. DEVOTO, N. G. A.
J. J. Molzison*, G. secretary.
nS-Jy-* REGULAR MEETING OF*. •**•_*** ■_-
"*- the Caledonian flub THIS 3V, QJjJ
EVENING at 8 o'clock. Scottish Ha 1, *s__vX_s?
11l Larkln st. D. K. McNEI„L, Chief., **4_7*
James U. Duncan'. Secretary.
*t_r> HUTCH JINING AND Mil LING
m*** Company— The re-ular annual meeting of
the stockholders of the Dutch Mining and Mining
Company will oe hel'i at the offi of the com-
pany, rooms 67 and 68, Stevenson building, south-
west corner California and Montgomery streets,
San Francisco, fat., on MONDAY, the 18th day
of January, 1897, at 2 O'clock p. M , for the pur-
pose of electing a board of director* to serve for
the t-usuln-r year and for the transaction of such
other businet-s as may be brought before tbe
meeting. Transfer nook* close Tuursday, Janu-
ary 14, 1897, at 4 o'clock p. v.
... , G. TRITTENBACH. President.
Iskal, J o korr k W. Gerhard, Secretary.
San Francisco, January 7, 1897.
•f^*- ANN UA I. MEETING— THE REGULAR
***** annual meeting of the stockholders of tlie
Oceanic Steamship Company will be held at tha
office of the rompanr. 327 Matket street, San
Francisco, Cal., on THURSDA if, the 21st day of
January, 1897, at the hour of 11 o'clocic a. m. for
the purpose of electing a board of directors to
serve for the ensuing year and tbe transaction of
>>uch other business as may come before the meet-
ing. Transier hooks will close on Saturday, Jan-
uary 9, at 12 o'clock it.
F. ri. PHKLPOV. Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICISS.
ff-*^s-* THEY SELL ALL DRY GOODS, YARN,
S^** table linen, lace curtains, towels, hosiery,
underwear, corsets, embroidery, laces, buttons,
llnl gs, tli reads; handkerchiefs, veilings, etc., very
cheap at the Pioneer Dry Goods Store, 105 Fifth su
■K-g-** SAN FRANCISCO, CAL, JAN. 11, 1897.
$**** The orphans and half-orphans that were re-
ceived into st. Francis Girls' Directory Orphan
Asylum since July 1. 1896. to January 1, 1897,
are as following: Orphans, females— Ella Anorew,
age 4 years; Teresa Melissa, age 9 years: Nellie
Allen, age 8 years; Echo Allen, age 5 years:
Phoebe Allen, age 2 years 5. months; Marie St,
Clair, age 1 hour. Half orphans, females— Mamie
O'Farrell, age 7 years: Henrietta O'Farrell, age 3
yeats: Nellie O'i-arrell, age 5 years: Katie Dillon,
age 12 years; Irene Cambeil age 5 years 11
months: Nellie Stocking, age 10 years: Augus-
tine Hulton. age 11 years: M Hie Crowley, age 10
years; May Crowley, age 2 years: Ethel Crow- j
ley, age I year; Rena Matti, ag' 9 years: males — I
Frank Hopper, age 7 yeais; Charlie Hopper, age 5
years: Frank Kane, age 4 years: Ed le Burk, age
8 years; j^ouis Bur», age 6 years; Dante Matti,
use 7 years: Robert Matti, age 4 years: Frank
Matti, age 2 years 6 months: George Dillon, age
1 year 6 months.
Df-r^p- THE SECRETAKY' OK THE SAN
***** Francisco Protestant Orphan Asylum So-
ciety hereby gives notice thatthe following orphan
and half-orphan girls and boys have been admitted
to the institution from July 1, 1h96, to January 1,
1897: Nora Percher, 6Vg years: Emma shoe-
bridge, 11 years: Acnes M. Gartner. 11 years:
Muble Thomas, 10 years: Mary Thomas, 7 years:
Annie Thomas, 6 years; Rosa Capucetti, 8 year.*:
Gladys Meyer, 12 years; Carrie Loutller, 12 years;
Theresa Casenare, 12 years: Lucy element, 7
years; Nettie Woods, 12 years: Elsie Ciaratt, 12
years; Grace ('aratt. 11 years; Julia Muhllof. Si/it I
years; Salina Muhllof. 2 years; Rose Wilmot, 9
years: Henry Welsman, 7 yeart: Rowland Adams,
l4Vi years: Harry Joudsiil, 8 years: Louis Capu-
cetti, 7 years: Frank Capucetti, 5 years: Thomas
Casenare, 10 years: Leonard Casenare, 8 years:
George W. A alt. '6 years; Eugene F. Mullin, 5
years; Arthur Garatt. 8 years; Walter Garatt. 6
years; Philip Weeks, 7"y_ years: Robert Mullin. 3
years; Charles Wilmot, 7 years; Daniel Haines,
IS I ,, years.
(ff^_^ ABANDONED CHILDREN IN STI
VaTs' Joseph's Infant Orphan Asylum, from July
1. 1895. to Deo. 31, 1896: John Dyer, age 6
years; Loretia Dyer, age 3 years, Milton Dyer,
age 2 years', Francis Madden, age 6 years; Mag-
gie Fitzgerald, age 6 years: Harry WaUl, age 6
years: Barney Joselyn, a^e 3 years.
|IKS» INDIA OPIUM CURE FOR $*-6: PER-
»-*^ fectly harm ladles treated at home. B.
D. KIM Mis, 916 Market St., Columbian Building.
_E jft-* BAD .TENANTS" EJECTED FOR $4:
***** collections made, city or country. Paciflo
i lief ion Co.. 415 Monttry tit., room 6. Tel. 6680.
1*1VI1)_"N1> NOTICES.
jr??-- DIVIDEND NOTICE— DIVIDEND NO.
***** 39 (twenty-five cents per share) of the
HUTCHINSON SUGAR PLANTATION COM-
PANY, will be held at the offlce of the Company,
827 Market street, on and after Friday, January
22, 1837.
Transfer books will close Saturday, January 16,
1897, at 12 o'clock it.
_^____ E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
jfpS** DIVIDEND NOTICE— THE NEVADA
***** Bank 0 san Francisco The board of di-
rectors of this bank have declared a dividend
(No. 19) lor the quarter ending December 81,
1896, at tbe rate of six (6) per cent per annum,
payable on and after the loth of January. 'Trans-
fer-books will be eh sed from the 10th to the 15th
insu, both days inclusive.
D B. DAVIDSON, Secretary.
San Francisco. January 8, 1897.
""f*r""S*» lOR THE HALF MONTH ENDING
***& Decemb-r 31, 1896, a dividend of 33V*a
cents per share on the Issued capital stock of the
E.tlso ; Light and Power Company has been de-
clared payable on the 15th day of January, 1897.
'i r..tisfer books will c ose at 5 o'clock on January
8. 1^97. By orderof the brard of directors of the
Edition Light and Po«erCnmp ny. •
■ J K. EN, Secretary.
SIT tA*_.o_«_ \» A«'lliD-fl.llAi_.
SUPERIOR COOK, WHO UNDERSTANDS
v J French, German and ; American cooking, de-
sires situation; best reference; city or country.
MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st. '
POSITION WANTED BY EDUCATED AND
refined lady of 37, with best of reference, as
housekeeper or seamstress: is handy at any kind
of work. 8., box 31, Ca. i Offlce.
WANTED- SITU AT ON BY AN EXPERI-
eu eed lady's mine In confinements, or any
other cases of sickness, by the week or month;
best of references. L., box 6-1, Call Office.
KE ED --ENGLISH WIDOW, SUNNY NA-
lure; experienced housekeeper: good cook; for
widower; country preferred; no irlflers. 17 Sixth
St.. room 10; ip a. m. to 9 p. m.
W ANTED-BY A YOUNG LADY POSITION
to work in bakery; has bad experience. Ad-
dress L., box 77, Call Office.
YOUNG WOMAN WANTS WORK "BY THE
A day. washing, iionlng and housecleaning; 91
and carfare. lb Rincon aye. .
ESPEI TABLE YOUNG GIRL WOULD LIKE
a position minding a baby. Call at 332 Fourth.
YOUNG LADY WITH MANY ACCOMPLISH-
A me ts: desires a place as housekeeper in a
widower's or b-chelor's home. Room 2, 223 Post.
OMPETi.NT WOMAN WANTS HwUSK-
-1 work or cooking. . Call or address 3480 Seven-
teenth st. nSatmßS*~**f_£^9ofi-n_BMnBMSR£
LDERLY LrtDY WISHES SITUATION TO
do light housework: small wages; more of a
home; city or country. 270 Minna, bet. 3d and 4th.
YOUNG WOMAN WITH A CHILD WISHES TO
A do housework: $10: a home is a greater object
than wages, W. C, box 73, Call.
ITUATION DESIKED AS STENOGRAPHER
aud typewriter or office assistant; references;
wages moderate. Miss 8.. 3 south Broderick su
"VI IDD. E-AGED GERMAN WOMAN; 18
A»A goedcook; will assist with washing; city or
country. Call or address 439 Minna st. |
SITUATIONS TVANTED-Contln-aetl.
YOUNG WOMAN WISHES POSITION IN
A private fatulh* for second work and care of
children: good seamstress. 216 Waller st.
"W ANTED-BY PROTESTANT WOMAN. A
" si. nation to do general housework: Is a good
cook and laundr. A. 8.. box 77, Call Office.
COMPETENT WOMAN WISHES SITUATION
V> as working hou-ekeeper: flrst-clais cook; city
references. Call 120 Sixth st. ;
efWEDI-H GIRL WAN TO DO Gr^NKRAL
O housework in private fami.y: good cook. Call
967 Mission st
' * TTRACTIVE YOUNG WIDOW, UNINCUM-
A bered, desir s place as working housekeeper.
122 Post St.. room 2. ■
W ANT KD-BY A GERMAN WOMAN, WASH-
VV ing by the day or housecleaning. Apply at
474 Jessie st., bet. Fif.h and sixth.
/COMPETENT WOMAN WOULD LIKE A PO-
\J sition as cook and launJress in private fami.y.
Apply for two days. Hayes su
U" OMAN TO GO OUT BY THE DAY WASH-
V> ing or housecleaning. Call 829 Hayes su, near
Fillmore, in basem-nu
YOUNG GIRL WISHES A SITUATION TO
1 do housework or chamberwork; sleep home:
wages fit) to $15. Add. 33 Crocker, off Market.
1 EXPERIENCED CHAMBERMAID WANTS
li position to do chamberwork: would assist wait.
Call 312y a Minna near Fourth.
5 WEDISH GIRL WISHES WORK BY THE
k5 day to do washing, ironing or housecleaning.
A ddress O. H.. box 34, Call OflL-e.
S* ITUATION WANTED BY REFINED AND
competent vo-ug lady an nurse io small child:
has had much experience In care and management
of children aud can furnish unexceptional refer-
ences from prominent physician; wages, *20 to
$25. Call or address 903*?. Valencia st.
IV ANTED-BY ELDERLY COLORED LADY,
VY position as cook in small family or nurse;
small- wages. Call or send 34 Eighth St., npstalrs,
from 9 to 7. •
YOUNG GEBMAN GIRL WANTS POSITION
I as nursegirl or to do light housework; wages
$10 io $12. 2126 Fifteenth St.. near Sanchez.
WEDE GIRL NOT AFRAID OF WORK
wants a place as cook, laundress Or chamber-
maid in hotel. Clay st.
ANTED— A SITUATION IN HOTEL OR
U boarding-bouse as chambermaid. Amend,
867 Mission st.
SWEDISH GIRL WISHES WORK BY THE
day; washing. ironing or housecleaning.
Please call or write 264 Minna st.
YOUNG GERMAN LADY DESIRES POSI-
-1 tlon as housekeeper. Call or address 112 Tay-
lor St., room 14.
YOUNG WIDOW WISHES HOUSEKEEPER'S
A position In the country. Call at 202*/ a Stock-
ton su, room 2. ; \
X" LIABLE WOMAN WISHES DRESSMAK-
in« or plain sewing by the day. 204V_ Eddy
St., second door.
YOUNG GERMAN GIRL WISHES A POSI-
-1 tion to do general housework and cooking.
Call at 572 chestnut su, bet. Powell and Mason.
YOUNG GERMAN WIDOW DESIRES POSI-
A Hon as 'working housekeeper. 106 Fourth
at., room 2.
1 ""LDERLY PROTESTANT WOMAN, GOOD
li American cook, wants a place to do cooking;
good home more an. object than wages. Address
Cook, box 106, Call Office.
/I ERMAN LADY. REFINED, ALSO A GOOD
vjf seamstress, wishes to take care of invalid lady
or go out sewing by the day. Address F.. box 73,
Call Office.
YOUNG WOMAN, THOROUGHLY UNDER-
A stands children's sewing, wishes to go out by
tbe day or will take sewing home. Call at 772
Harrison st.
YOUNG, COMPETENT WOMAN WISHES
1 situation as nursegtrl. Add. G. C, 815 Lyon.
aDY WOULD LIKE TO DO PLAIN BEW-
ing and mending at home. 131 Taylor st., rm.2.
ERMAN~NURSE WISHES ENGAGEMENT
by lady in confinement, sick lady and chil-
dren. Address Nurse, box 106, Can Office.
|V ANTED— SITUATION AS HOUSEKEEPER
Ti by a middle-sued lady In widower's family;,
city or country ; best of references. Call at 515
Eighth st.. Oakland.
WEDISH GIRL WANTS PLACE TO DO
general housework: Jewish and American
coo-ing: wages $26; city references. Call Tues-
day and Wednesday at 1170 Market sU, room 80,
fourih floor.
OUNG lady from the EAST would
I like a situation as housekeeper; city or coun-
try. Apply 138 a Fourth st., Toora 2.
XPFJRIENCED HOUSEKEEPER (WIDOW)
wants wor.- in widower's or bachelor's house-
hold: country prefer. cd. 88 Ninth St., room 17;
hours, 11 a. m. to 9 p. m.
OLORED WOMAN WOULD LIKE DAY'S
■ work of any kind, $1 a day. or will take wash-
ing home. Address J.9Vi Church aye- bet. Stock-
ion and Powell, Broadway and Vailejo.
OOD SEWER WOULD LIKE PLACE IN
dressmaking establishment; experienced. Ad-
dress G., box 104, Call Office.
W COR. SIXTEENTH ST., NEAR MlS-
slon; branch offlce of Th- Call. Sub-
scriptions and want ads taken.
YOUNG LADY, UNINCUMBERED, DESIRES
A place as working housekeener in bachelor's or
widower's home. 1 Fifth su. room 1.
XPERIENCF'D DISHWASHER AND AS-
rist with cooking; wages $M) a montb; sleep
borne. Address Cook, 56 Natoma su, care dress-
maker.
\"Ol*NO GERMAN GIRL WOULD LIKr. A
A position to assist ln light housework. No
postals: call at 1623 Powell su
TjM * T - -3 ' COOK WISHES SITUATION.
A Apply :-iO3S Sixteenth si.
7 I *> LARKIN-BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
I IO CALL: subscriptions an.i want ad taken.
ÜBSCRIPTIONS AND WANT ADS FOR THE
Ca i.i, taken at branch office, 339 Hayes su;
open until 9 :3J o'clock.
..' i.MnE.t) « EU HUUSK. 44 THIRD ST.. N'H.
Market: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night;
(1 60 $6 per week: convenient and respectable,
iree bus an.l ha-cgare to and from the lerrr.
blll'A-lOiNs WAMKB-UALk.
HUNTER A CO.. CHINESE AND JAPA-
ness employment office. 17 Webb st., below
Kearny, nr. Cal.'; teL main 231. W.C. YOUNG, mgr
/CHINESE <_ JAPANESE: EST'D. 20 YEARS:
'belpitel.main 1997. BRA DLEY-feCO.. 64o Clay.
CHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
office: best help. 414* * u'FarrelL Tel. E 426.
JAPANESE INTELLIGENCE AGENCY. A.
73, su Ann's bllg, 6 Eddy St.: tel. Main 6234.
VI AN AND WIFE. WITHOUT CHILDREN,
''• want charge of orchard or vineyard, or man
working in orchard or vineyard and wife can do
plain cooking; man having 13 years' experience
in orchard and vineyard work: wages moderate.
Address P.O. box 379. St. Helena. Napa Co., Cal.
RCHARDIBT. WHO HASsTt DIED HORTl-
culiure In Germany and in this State also,
wishes position as workine foreman; young or-
chard or to start orchard preferred. Address Or-
chard Ist, box 159, this office. t_
WANTED- WORK BY YOUNG MAN (GER-
»V man) to wash di-trffi, assist in cooking, wait-
ing, housework: city or country. PI- ase address
H. MILLER, 631 Sacramento St., room 98.
AKKRS- YOUNG ENGLISHMAN WANTS
place as assistant: good worker; exp;rience:
strong; work on bread; wages low. W. 8.. 634
Sacramento st. city. .
COOK; YOUNG MAN AS ALL-ROUND COOK
V ' wants work tn boarding-house or restaurant or
anywhere: good baker; wages low. BURRELLO,
634 Sacramento it., city.
HANDY AND INDUSTRIOUS YOUNG MAN,
German, wishes worn of any kind; small
wages accepted; machinist by trade; references.
Address Handy, box 163, Call.
MAN AND WIFE (ENGLISH) WILL COOK,
etc., for small country hotel or take charge of
miners' boarding-house; references. Addres*
A. 8.. 1627 California st.
COACHMAN OR GROOM, ETC. BY Ex-
perienced and steady man; best references tor
past 16 years. Address J. H., care of 1379 Jack-
son at., Oakland.
WANTED— BY MAN AND WIFE, POSITION
on a ranch; wife cook, man all-around ranch-
man. J. F., box 11, Call ufflce.
1-INGINEER WANTS SITUATION; 20 YEA'
li experience; can do repairs, also blacksmlthlng.
Apply 227 Eighth st. .
BOY WOULD LIKE WORK EXERCISING
A> horses. Address L., box 42, Call Office.
YOUNG MAN WOULD LIKE A POSITION
of any kind best references. P.. box 77. Call.
ANTED BY MAN AND WIFE POSITIONS
" on ranch; man understands orchard and vine-
yard work; wife a good cook. Address C. A. L,
1227 Sherman St., San Jose. _^^
BY A GENTLEMAN OF 30, A POSITION IN
an office: applicant has had experience in
mining and real estate business. Care H. R.
IN SON, 326 Eddy sU
SALESMAN WANTS POSITION; 8 YEARS'
experience in groceries and general merchan-
dise; steady habits; reliable; best references. G.,
box 64. fall Offlce. ■ • ' "■ ■ . .
COACHMAN. ENGLISH.WANTS SITUATION
in private family; first-class references; city
or country. H. RICHENS. 647 Howard su
AN ABOUT 50, TEMPERATE. WISHES
woikof any kind; we.l recommended; speaks
English and German. G. A P., box 77, Call.
"VTEAT TIDY MAN WITH ARMY TRAIN-
-Li ing. disciplined, having the highest recom-
mendations as to sobriety, efficiency, character,
honesty and education from his regimental offi-
cers, who also speaks French and English fluently,
wishes a situation as watchman. Janitor or coach-
man and make himself generally I useful around
private tamily: experienced In these branches:
please' give a call; salary no objecu T. R., box
109, Call Office. • - -
VOC.nG MAN wants situation, any
A kind of work; city or country: worked 2 years
in coalyard: reference from last employer and
others. Address JOHN A. MACDONALD, 821
Filbert St.. Oakland. .
Iw-Y FIHST-CLASS COOK: A DEL CATESSEN
' > man; French, German and English. G. D.,
box 78, call Offlce. ' '
YOUNG MAN, AMERICAN, WITH THE
A best of habits and California references, wishes
position where there is no Sunday work. Address
G. M., box 32, fall Office.
EXPERT 'MINER WANTS~WORKi _ "152
Perry sU, ED GINSBERG.
SITUATIONS WANTED-Contlnued.
QINGING AND P. INTING: GENTLEMAN
0 wants nosli on, or country location. "Address
Teacher, 312V4 Fulton st.
INDUSTRIOUS YOUNG MAN, AGE 25. WISH-
Acs work; wholesale bouse preferred: wages no
object Address Reliable, box 98. Call Offlce.
APANE.-E COUPLE WANT POSITION AS
tl cook and second work; have good experience.
K. G-, 608 O'Farrell st.
OOQ HAVES ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
•)OV tee Call; subscriptions and want ads
taken.
BRANCH OFFICE OF THE CALL. 167 NINTH
su — Want ads and subscriptions taken.
T MARKET ST. —BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
J Call: want ads and subscriptions taken.
"*_97 MONTGOMERY, COItNER OF CLAY—
o£/i Open nntl 9:30 o'clock: branch office of
tbe Call: subscriptions and want ada taken.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST., NR.
'» Market; 200 rooms; 25c to 81 £0 per night;
$1 50 to 86 per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
. iIt.MAL.-i HKLP VVANTKD.
GIRL, POST ST., $20: GIRL FOR SAN LEAN-
dro, $20: girl, Eddy st.- $20; German girl, Oc-
tavia s.. $20; German g rl for Ross Valley, $20,
see party 2 p. it. In office: girl, Franklin »U, $-0;
1 nrseuirl choice place, sleep home, glr. Post St.,
sleep home, no cooking; girl in family of 3, $10: 5
nursegirls, $30: girl for Athlone, Ca  $15; girl,
Harrison st., $15, no cooking; French or German
Sl c , 'i d •* lrl * $16 *•& Howard su, $15- German
girl, Webster $16: girl, i.angton sU. »15; girl.
Pacific su. $15; girl. Fillmore st., $15; girl. Pow-
ell St., $15: girl, Gough st.. $15; girl, Laguna sU,
$15: girl, Scott St., $15; girl, Larkln St., $15: girl, i
Grove st., $15: girl. Lyon st., $16: girl, Polk sL,
$16: girl, octavia st., $15: girl, post St., $15; 26
young girls. $8, $10 and $12 a montb, assist, etc.,
nice families. MARTIN'S, 749 Market st.
CCANDINAVIAN GIRL, ASSIST IN BOARD-
-0 lns?-bouse. $16 and room; dishwasher. $16 and
room; waitress, $2') and room, city; woman cook,
25 and room; cook small place. $16: cook for
Milton. Cal., few boarders: 3 waitresses, $15 and
room. MARTIN'S, 749 Market su
"TRENCH GOVERNESS, $261 GERMAN
A nurse, 25: 12 housework girls, city and coun-
try. $20 and $26: 8 young girls, assist, $10 to $16.
Miss Ci Li.EN. 323 Sutter su
L RENCH NURSE, SANTA BARBARA, $20.
X see lady here; cook. Sausalito, $25. MISS
CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
/IHaMBEKMaiD AND S_W, $20; NEAT
V^ American girl preferred. MISS CULLEN.
328 Suiter st. .
n ERM AN OR SWEDISH HOUSEWORK
VT girl. $30. MISS CULLEN, 323 sutler st.
"VTEAT IRISH GIRL, HOUSEWORK: 2 IN
A"l family; $20. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
\Xj ANTED — GERMAN COOK. $30: LAUN-
>» dress; waitress, $26: -French maid. $20:
French -econd, Oakland, $20, ana 20 girls to fill
our numerous places LEON ANDRE, 315 stock-
ton su
pROTESTANT SECOND GIRL, $25: 4 COOKS
A in American and German families, $25 and
$30; German or Scandinavian nurse, $25, and a
large number of girls for cooking and housework.
J. F. CROSETT A CO, 316 Sutter St.
IrURST-CLA.iS LAUNDRESS, $25; CO 'X AND
. housework girl, country, see party here 9 a. it,",
$25: German cook, $6 per week: house york girl,
city, $20 to $26; second girl, $16. C. HAN.
SEN A CO., 110 Geary st.
OOK AND LAUNDRESS, PRIVATE FAM-
ily, $25; waitress, country hotel, $20; house-
work girls, etc. MURRAY A READY, Leading
Employment Agents, 634-636 Clay st.
9 COOKS, GERMAN STYLe, $30; 10 GIRLS,
-- general housework, $20 and $26; French or
German second girls, $20. MRS. LAMBERT, 306
Market st.
/ 1 IRLS OF ALL NATIONALITIES TO FILL
VJ various positions: from $10 to $-'5. 806 Mason
\kf ANTED — NEAT, WILLING GIRL FOR
; '» light upstairs work and sewing: make herself
generally useful; German preferred: wages $12.
Apply bet. 10 aud 11, 908 McAllister su
\\r ANTED— UOUSEGIRL IN SMALL FAM-
"' iiy : no cooking or washing. Call from 2to 5
T. M., 108 Halght St., upstairs.
Ty7 URsEGIRL— MUST BE NEAT; GOOD
li home: $5. 427 Oak st.
fiIKL TO ASSIST WITH LI-'HT HOUSE-
vA keeping; good wages. Call between 9 and 11
A. M., 124 Taylor sU, cor. Eddy.
IR_ TO AS:- IT IN HOUSEWORK. AP-
ply after 9 a. m. 3448 Twentieth st, NE. cor.
of Capp.
QUICK MACHINE HAND; MANUFACTUR-
ing work ; also apprentice; paid. 501 Leaven-
worth St.. room 16.
IRL OR MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN FOR
housework and plain cooking. Call a. m. 1307
Fillmore st.
ERMAN GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
work and cooking. 2412 Pacific aye., 10 to 12
a. ir.
GIRL TO ASSIST IN LIGHT HOUSEWORK.
\J 268 Clinton Park, near Guerrero and Market.
ANTED— GIRL TO SETTYPE. APPLY TO
California Fruit-grower, 203 California st. •
W ANTED— GIRL TO WORK IN FACTORY.
" 22 Turk su
OUNG GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK.
A 516 Fonrth su ■_■_■
A'oUNG GIRL FOR COOKING AND GEN-
A eral housework, Call forenoon, 1628 Sutter.
GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK AND
cooking. 1404 McAllister st.
IRL WHO CAN HELP ON CUSTOM COATS
and make good buttonholes. 774 Folsom st.
"V7*OUNG GIRL TO ASSIST WITH HOUSE-
"X work and cooking. 610 Grove st.
IRL FOR LIGHT - HOUSEWORK, NO COOK-
Ing, sleep home, $15; girl, $20. 721 Ellis st
U AN I ED-A NEAT AND STEADY GIRL,
•' for general housework, cooking ana small
washing; w-ges $20. Apply 1009 Dolores St.,
near Twenty-third.
IRL OR MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN FOR
general housework and cooking. 786 McAl-
lister st.
IKL TO TAKE CARE BABY AND ASSIST
in housework. 623 Shotwetl st.
IRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK: SMALL
family; reference. 112 Lyon sU
\OUNG GERMAN GIRL WANTED TO TAKE
charge of a baby. 2732 Pine st.
yOCNO LADY TO LEARN DRESSMAKING.
x 406 Sutter st, room 83.
OMPETENT DR SSMAKER WISHES PRl-
vate pupils in dressmaking. Address v., box
22, Call. ] •"
GIRLS WISHING TO MARRY SEND AD-
dress to MRS. H., box 10, this office.
\l' ANTeD— GIRL FUR GENERAL HOUSE-
»T work. 1519 Baker st.
Vl* ANTED- GIRL Tv ASSIST AT LIGHT
fl housework; wages $6 to $7. 462 Tehama
A*. TED-MEN. WOMEN TO LEARN BAR-
ber trade; only 8 weeks required; tools given:
catalogue senu S. F. Barber School, 1515 Howard.
(STEN OGR A I C SPEED CLUB NOW BEING
0 organized at Heald's Business College, 24 Post
sU; the club will meet two evenings each week
(Tuesday and Thursday); club fees $1 60 a month.
LIBERAL OFFER: 2 WEEKS' SEWING
lessons, free to all beginners .his week: pat-
terns cv to order. 25c. McDowell Dresscutting
Academy, 63t> Market su
11 ij NINTH ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
ALU The Call; subscription and want ads
taken.
1 AWRENCE CUT I ING SCHOOL IS THE
XJ only reliable place for patterns: every one
cuaranteed to be perfect. 1231 Market st.
ANTED— GIRLS, FROM 11 To 1. INQUIRE
»» between 3 and 6. 1103 Geary.
VIOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE-
J.TI Winchester House, 44 Third st., near Market*
200 rooms; 25c to $1 6J per night; $1 50 to $6
per week: free 'bns and baggage to and from ferry.
LiLYNN'S DRESSMAKING AND CUTTING
V Academy. 14 McAllister St.- $1 a week.
"HAL.-, li.fc._i' iiAiMJil).
ANTET^TITsT-CL'inrinj^
»» for city, no milking, s2s per month ana found;
bright young man to care for horses on private
place, $20 and "found: also farmers, teamsters,
cooks, washers, dishwashers, etc. W. D t WFR
CO., 626 Clay st.
WORKING FOREMAN FOR RANCH, $30:
M woo .chopper far tha cl v. $1 a day and board :
young man for photographers office, some experi-
ence necessary: man to raise blackberries on
shares. MURRAY AREAD v, Leading Employ-
ment Agents. 634 and 636 Clay st.
COOK, $10 A WEEK: COOK, $9 A WEEK;
thiid cook, $30; bellboy, $10 and room; Ger-
man waiter, $25 anl room; walier, $25 and room;
cook and helper, country, $75 and room; cook,
country. $65 and room: small bellboy, $6 month,
etc MAR ■ I N'S, 74 0 Market st.
COOK HOTEL, $60: SECOND CuOK. GOOD ON
short orders and oysters, restaurant, city, $45;
neat night waiter who can open oysters, $35. C.
R. HANSEN A CO., llO^Oeary sU
WANTED— CRACKER BaKER, $75; ENG-
»' lish stable foreman, $56; teamster and wife,
$35; ehoremun and wife, $30, and others. Apply
to J. F. CROSETT A CO. , 628 Sacramento sU
1 ""ASTERN MAN AND WIFE. WITH REFER-
J ences. for private family, $50. R. T. WARD
A CO., 608 and 610 Clay st .
RECRUITS WANTED FOR THE U. 8. MA-
rine Corps, U. S. Navy— Able-bodied unmar-
ried men between the ages of 21 and SO years
who are c;tiz.-n.s of the United Spates, or those
who have legally declared their intention to be-
come such; must, be of good character au.i habits
and able 10 speak, read and write English and be
between 5 feet 5 Inches and 6 feet In height For
further information apply at the Recruiting Offlce,
20 Ellis St., San Fran Cisco, Cal.
WAN IED — FIRST-CLASS BARBER. 207
Fourth st. - '' -
ARBER FOR SATURDAY. 627 SACRA-
mento su -
TAILOR WANTED AT 2803 GREENWICH
sU. cor. Baker. - -
COLORED - BOOTBLACK FOR BARBER-
J shop. 208 Busn St. .
VTEW WALDtTuOUSE, 765 MISSION, BF:T.
-IM 3d and 4th— single furnished rooms, nigh. 100
to 50c, week 60c to $2; re ad in .-room; sti est at-
tention morning calls; clean; quiet; openall night.
HE_P WANTED— Contlni-tfrt.
BARBERS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
men* secretory. CONRAD TKOELL feS7CI-t/.
I'AKBKII-- FOR EM MEN T <- ALL **< EC.
1> P. C. Barbers' Assn. s. FUCHS, 325 Or-uuya.
lOURNEYMEN BARKERS'EM PLC)*. a^V-. I'
J -secretary .H. BERNARD. 102 seventh St.
TWU-CHAIR BARBER-SHOP FUR SA^E
cheap: good location. 415 Hayes st. [__
OME FOR MAN AND WIFE ON 10- ACRE
prune ranch 4 miles from Sau Jose: must
understand care fruit, etc. Address, stating wages,
etc., Orcnardlst. box 82, this office.
GOOD SALESMAN TO SOLICIT FOR AN
established bakers' supply house; good salary
to right man. C, box 75, Call.
VI EN WANTED TO JoIN THE SOUTH sea
■"■a- Island expedition; membership $50: perma-
nent homes on the co-operative plan: will sail In
their own vessel: membership-books will close
shortly. Apply 547 Mission st.
SHOEMAKERS— FIKf/T-CLASS Sh'i'l' WITH
0 excellent trade; must be sold this week: will
sell for less than value of tools. Call or address
box 138, -ebastopol, t-onoraa County, Cal.
IF YOU ARE AN ACTIVE MAN AND WILL
A ing to work and deposit $10, we can guarantee
positively $25 per week. 215 sansome, room 11.
ONE-CHAIR BARBER- HOP; $25. GOOD
location. Apply Call Offlce.
9^l R MISSION — SUBSCRIPTIONS AND
/JdsJXU want ads taken for THE CALL
OUMS i6c Tv 75c Pr.R ltit.i; 60c To $1 6J
per week, oriental. 225 Drumm st.
SINGLE FURNISH ED ROOMS; IScANTOUT:
75c week. Llndell House, Sixth and Howard.
\IT NTED— 4 MEN TO SOLICIT ON A NEW
»» plau; no goods to carry; salary It preferred.
156 Fifth sU
STYLISH AND DURABLE CALF SHOES;
ourown make: $1 75. 959 Howard, nr. slxib.
ANTED— LABORERS AJN D MECHANIC*.
It to know that Ed Rol kin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still rnns Denver House, 217 Third st. : 153
large rooms; 25c per night; $1 tosi-.... r W e«k.
ANT ADS AND . SUBSCtUrTTu.*,.. r.jR
I" The Call ire taken at Branch < tHee, south-
west corner Sixteenth and Mission sis,
tV ANTED, 'TU COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
" ersAclerks. KNOX Collection Axcy. 110 Sutter
-I MISSION ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OP
aOlOthe Call; subscriptions and waut ada
taken.
it SIMON WANTS 100 M..N TO oET BOl-
i. tie beer or wine sc: best, free lunch. 643 Clair.
EN'S HALF-SOLING. 50c: LADIES', 40cT
done while yon wait. 638 Market, opp. P'o-^
Hotel; branch 767 Market, opp. Will A Finck's,--!^
"I'iRY ACME HuL'Sii, f.>7 -MARKET si.. iii?
X low Sixth, for a room; 2ftt! a nlcht- $1 a wee c
OSEDALE, 321 ELLIS ST.-SINt'LE FUR.
nished rooms, 20c to 25c night, $1 to $1 60 wk.
Ti'Ott FULL AND (LEAN 100 MEAL OR
A 1 coffee and cakes 5c go to 13 1 a Grant aye.
1.-E-T IN CITY— SINGLE ROuMS, 15, 20 AND
I-» 25 cents per night: $1, $1 25. $1 50 per week.
Pacific House. Commercial and Leidesdorff sts.
LCHOHOUSK, 863VJ MARKET ST.— P.ouMts
20c, 26c to 50c night; $1 to $2 week.
INCHEST HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST., Nil.
MarKet: 200 rooms, 25c a night: reading-
room: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
1 An MEN TO TAKE LuDGING AT 10c, 15a
1 VJ\J and 20c a nlgnu Including coffee and roils.
C 24 Washington sU. near Kearn
ANTED- AN IDEA; WHO CAN THINK OP
some simple thing to patent? Protect your
ideas: they may bring yon wealth. Write JOH2J
WEDDERBURN A CO., Dept. L, Patent Attor-
neys, Washington. D. C lor their $1800 prltM
offer and list of 200 Inventions wanted.
'\A* ANTED— SINGLn. ROOMS, 15c A DAY: $*.
»' week; rooms for 2, 250 a day. $1 60 a week;
reading-room: dally papers. 36 Clay st.
WANTED YOUR SHOES— WE REPAIR
"» shoes up to 9 o'clock every night; those work-
ing through the day can bave their shoes repair -A
at night while you wall: laaiea' soling, 35c; men 1
tollng, 60c: flue shoes made to order from $2 up;
we have a lot of eho»-. been damaged by water, as
less than one-fourth ' their value, from 25c up ta
$'_ 60. *,jB2 Mission St.. bet. First s*. nntl Seron 1 «.
I
,'.(._ M.' v. ANX A*
E (PASSIONATELY)— SO ji"e T hTn G~>tTls
.within me. She— You should use one of Seed's
water fllters-Agts wanted, BRICKACO., 777Markt
GENTS— A P.OOK THAI' OUTSELLS ANY
publication sii.ee Grant's book Is "General
Miles' Personal Recollections"; every one wants
the book written by the commander-in-chief of tha
United States army; Brat agent's commlssiou
$22 ln 3 hours. E. PERSON, malinger subscrip-
tion departmenu The Whitaker _ Ray Company,
723 Market st.
■ —————» ————————————————— _——i — — —
HOUSES WANTED.
YytTnted^TsmaTll^ si-H^'ITH XaROE
»' sunny yard or vacant lot adjoining, W. 11. ,
box 108. Call Offlce.
BOARD FOB CHILDKEN WANTED.
BOARD WANTED IN REFINED CATHOLIC
family: only with * mother's care, for 1. v
and girl: ages 5 and 3 years: r-fereiov wante'tt
and iciven. J. A. - , fox 108. Call office. (^
»v A.>TLU-„ist^H.A.Nttits.
WANTED — KCOND-HAND GasOLINeTeN^
»» gine, Bor 10 horse-power; also, hoisting gear;
Address E., box 111, Call Offica
UILDINGS BOUGHT; LUMBER. SASHE.**
doors, mantels, etc, for sale. 1166 Mission s:.
CELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW-
-0 elr 7 t o A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth St.*. Sen.l postal.
Lost.
LOST— PA- BOOKS WITH THE HIBERNIA
-i Savings and Loan .-oeletv of San Fran isco, in
the names of _OR HEN JOH AN--SEN. JOSEPH
F. PERINI. JOSEPH DE LA RIVIERE and
FItOMENa DE LA RIVIERE, Nos. 204,618,
188,331, 199,155 and 155,431. The tinder will
please retnrn to bank.
OST— FASSBOOK WITH THE HIBERNIA
XJ Savings and loan society of san Francisco, in
the name of JOHN BARRY. No. i 07 ,863. The
finder will please return to bank.
OST-TIN BOX CONTAINING BOOKS,
mortgage-papers, deeds, pension nnd valuaole
papers. Finder please return to 416 B.annan su;
liberal reward; no questions as'ed.
OST- JANUARY 13. BLACK SILK CM-'
brella; gold handle. Finder return to 438
Geary st.; receive suitable reward.
NGLISH MASTIFF BITCH UN* ELLIS ST.,"
xj near Larkin. Return to 738 Ellis st. and re-
ceive reward.
"VTOTICE IS HKREBY GIVEN TH AT A
A> large mastiff dog, answering to name Rover,
1 at* No. 1765, has strayed or been stolen from 8
Columbia .-quare, and any one purchasing, haruor-
ing or restraining said do • dees so at his peril. W.
B. WEGENER, 510 Market St.
MONDAY, BET. - 11 TO 12, TRA.NS-
ferrlng irom W. shington-.,t. cars to Powell,
then Post 10 Stockton, circular feather boa: value
as keepsake. Send postcard to J. usßOl'.N,
2419 a Clay -t.
OST— GOLD, BLA K-ENAMELED MALT-
ese cioss, . emp.ar's badge, bet. San Fran-
cisco and Berkeley: suitable reward at Berkeley
Bank. Return or notify.
MEDICAL.
NEW remedy~that :s perfectly
harmless; never falls In any case of monthly
sickness, no matter what the cause may be. Price
$6 to $10. No electricity or instruments; never
makes sick to make well: travelers helped; no
delay; years' experience: first-class home in con-
finement. Dr. & Mrs. Davies. 14 McAllister --,_,
next Hlbernia Bank. Consult free; French piMj
$2; hours, 9a. m. to 4, 7toB v. it. '; .- T>
i PROCESS THAT NEVER -AILS TO rfw"
A.* store every case of monthly sickness from
whatever cause in a few hours when medlcinos
and others have failed; no instruments used;
many years' experience: every case guaranteed;
advice free: terms reasonable: first-class private
home for confinement. MRS. Di;. DAl__Y, 112_
Market su, over the Owl Drug store.
NEW PROCESSING MEDICINE, INSTRU-
ment or worthless pills used; every woman
herown physician 'oral female troubles, no matter
from what cause; restores always in one day;can be
sent and use.l n't home; all cases guaranteed; do
not trust Incompetent female physicians. DR.
POPPER, 318 Kearny street
R. FOCuET'S FRENCH CAPSULES- A
guaranteed absolute cure for all female dis-
eases (no matter whet cause): positively safe and
sure: no dang or after effects: taken in time it
' also acts as a preventive: price $1 50 per box;
sent free by mail on receipt of price. WALLER
BROS.. 33 Grant aye.
LL CASES OF MONTHLY SUPPRESSION
restored ln a few hours; safety assured at any
time; instant relief for travelers, home in confine*
ment: consult free; confidential: hours. 10 to 5.
MRS. DR. WYETH. 916 Post St., near Larkln.
Ra GOODWIN, SPECIALIST: LADIES,"
near or far, safe, quick cure guaranteed,, any
disease or complaint: home for patients: best skill*
free diagnosis :io>y lees; self cure. 904 Mc a Listers:!
LPKAc'S FRENCH PILLs— A 80.i.V xo
Indies with female troubles: no danger* safe
and sure; $2 50 express C. v D ; don't delay until
too late. OSGOOD BROS., Oakland, Cal.
A**A'RE CURE FuH ALL Fr.MALE DIS-"
eases, from whatever cause: home in confine.
men: : every comfort: satisfaction guaranteed or
money refunded. MRS. DR.GWYER, 226 Turk _.
DUNT FAIL TO CON-s"ULT DR. Jv.uD AN \T
his museum, 1061 Market st. : his 30 years'
snecessful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment;
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mail.
•ft *>fWI ""AIDFOR AC..-E 1 FAIL TO CURE
•jp.TU'U' of lemale complaints or diseases of the
eye; consultation free. MRS. DR. SCOTT ,3-5 Ge»ry
ICE PRIVATE HOME IN CONFl\km7s ?
Ai at the most reasonable price ln the city ii il-.
M. PFEIFFER, midwife, 2012 Fo s..m st P
U PKAK'- F_M.\LE Rh.GULAIING PTIT^T
safe and- efficient, emmenagogue: $1 ncr box.
RICHARDS A CO.,dr gg;stsMo_6J^st.,sot- agts.
0 F. LYING-IN (I'RIVAT. ) HOME; DIS-
O. eases of women and children. 985 Kearny, r. ft
H_?S $ s'j y? l is-, ANI) MOT. . _R'S CARET
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 f.lghth SU, Alameda.
1 *' IRKEUULAR UIIA.NY Fl.., lA L,, Dl-EAoiS
Atsee MRs.DK PUETZ and be content 264 V. 4th.
I J 1 ** HALL 14 M CALLISIER STREET, N_A-
XJ Jones. Diseases of women and children.PTSTNEW ('HA-VCKt.
COFFEE SALOON AND RESTAURANT;
must be sold; offer wanted. DECKER, 1020
Market su
G!Qnil A MANUFACTURING BUSINESS;
OOUU. , a ,g C pr iri; . Ap. DECKER, 1020 Mkt.
PARTNER: PHOTOGRAPHER PREFER-
red: established photo developing and finish-
ing; $250 required. DECK t-R, luBo Market st.
fi»QP;/l STATIONERY-, CANDY AND NO-
OOOU tion store. DECKER, 1020 Market St.
'mO-7rA FRENCH _IQUOK STORE; GOOD
O^-ii^U. corner. DECKER. 1020 Market sc
tf> lOi iIT~K ' ST'aTraNT. OY.-TER AND
ClO :f ''. chop house. DECKER. 1020 M.-keu
C'O/irwi GROCERY AND BAR; TRADE
OZOUU. si co.per mo ith; cheap rent: must
Fell at o cc; half cash, balame good property.
UNDERWOOD & C»>.. 765 Market at.
a. rj -. 1 SALOON: PROM! NENT CORNER:
Jf i 0". tamale die in rear: doing fair busi-
ness; eood stoc- liquors, cigars, etc.: satisfactory
reasons for selling ; fit 1 investigation. UNDER-
WOOii <S: CO.; 765 MarKeu
*L*'OR SALE-A FrrV7f.cLAs_"^'_.oE BUSI-
x nest: reason fur selling leaving for the East:
the busines is das* and op°u to all investiga-
tion; the opportunity of a lifetime to right kind of
a man. Address s. iL, box b9, this Offlce.
T7*ORSALI OK IoTiiENT— COTIAGE OF 6
X rooms: barn and chicken-house: suitable for
teams er: terms reasonable. Apply 1219 Nine-
teenth aye.. irouth San Francisco-
ITiOR- SALE— HALF OR WHOLE INTEREST
i. In two of the best dairy produce routes in city;
will bear investigation; no agents. Address L. 1.,
box IPS. Call.
AURA NT IN GOOD LOCATION;
clears $100 per month. A. 8.. box 77, tall;:,
VOR SALE-GROCERY AND BAR .*-'«* AP
X on account of sickness. Inquire at this omce.
KNTLEMAN PARTNER WANTED BY A
lady of means. Room -. 223 Post SU
ARBER SHOP FOR SALE; WITH 3 CHAIRS.
1303 Dupont st.
TO CARPENTERS AND MILLMEN— TO A
practical wan a first-class optortuup.y resents
itself to establish a paying nusiness in a location
where there will be practically a monopoly or mill-
wort and buildine: cash required $-000. lor pat-
ticulars sec CHAS. W. toPE, room 43, Crocker
building -
"DANDsBI DEVELOPMENT CO. WILL
Jt sell "V 3 interest 'i its property and business for
tBOOO cash; r_otiey wanted to extend the business
of comp' v: niim-'t, real estate, commission. Oscar
T. Shuck, 509 Kearny, E.F. Bean. Randsburg, Cai.
-— — — — - _ w.aNT -" BORROW THIS
"*J>_.OUU. amouut for six months: ample se-
curity: will give situation to good party for one
ye_r or longer at $100 per month: particu.t'rs only
at personal interview. Address S. _ box 90, this
office.
DAIRY PRODUCE ROITE. HoRsE AND
w agon, for sale cheap *c.ou**t of other busi-
ness. Apply 52 Seventh st.
B" CTCHEK - sHOtf : ESTABLISHED BUSI-
ne-s: for sale cheap. Apply New Electric
Market, 4066 Twenty-fourth st., near Castro.
IF YOU WANT To >KLL YOUR SALOON OR
grocery for snot cash address 1.. box 120. Call.
_ .)t| ( | RESTAURANT; COsT "t600: BAR-
"^ oUU. gain; rooms: no agents. R-, box 18, ail.
VKttsi'Al'ttti.llL'l-. AN INTEKIOK
JA tlose to &*_ - ia_ci_-a A- or tai-licuiars -pp./
ibis oftica. .
V» ANTED— PARTNER WITH 540.000 IS A
*' grocery and liquor house estabits.ica siuc*
1863. Address A v.. box 39. Call OfflC-
ARGAIN; $550: RE ST AU RANT A N D OY S-
ter-house: coins a good and established busi-
ness: sel.ing oa account of leaving city. 821
Kearny st.
AN, EASTERN PREFERRED, WITH $250.
for interest in traveling big-paying business.
«*. B . box 106. -.
ATA BARGAIN; A PAY INC DOWNTOWN
._Y day saloon ; must be sold: owner has other
business. Inquire WM. UMLaND, care Califor-
nia Rattan Co.. 61 Firs: sr.
OP 'END] i SALOON ; CORTpOLK AND FELL.
pp. Tenth and Market; six private rooms,
nealy furnished; forced 10 sell on account of
business in the country.
PARTNER IN AN ESTABLISHED Busi-
ness; must be sober and energetic; references
exchanced; small capita, required. 340 Fourth.
<_Onn PARTNER WASTE : SALOON;
»X— L'O. open da- and night icr many years; ln
center of city, Call Office.
THE AGENCY OF IHIS PAPERTn* A LARGE
interior city for sale or lease; owner sick. In-
quire at hi. office. ______
W-ANT-- D— PARTNER IN" SALOON: EX-
' ' perteuce -anecessary. 633 Howard St.
7' AN MILK ROUTE: 2 HORSES; GOOD
O wagon: cheap. _ box 2, Call Office.
_Onn FRUITSTORE; GOOD LOCATION:
w — OU. great bargain. Address B, box 72, Call.
I "OR SAL: OYSTER AND TAMALE GltOT-
to. cheap. 847 Broadway, Oakland.
1- K--.MALL RESTAURANT. CALL
1429 Market SL .':'■ '-:
ITCHLK-SHOP- AN OLD-ESTABLISHED
stand: good reasons for selling. F. F„ box SI,
' ait Office.
<_' ~f\ CORNEP/SALOONjON FOURTH ST.:
ijOOU. sickness cause selling. Inquire CalL
r. J" ft CHOPHOUSE CLEARING $iioo PER
sj'XUKJ. month; central location. Apply Call.
CORNER SALOON: OLD - ESTABLISHED
business. Appiy Chicago Brewery, 1420 Pine.
"cj. 1 roT" SALOON FOR SALE: A BARGAIN ;
»JIUU. own»r leaving city. 854 Howard st.
Q A LOON POR sai.E— APPLY AT ANCHOR
C ) brewery, 1431 Tacit: sU
CHEAP: GROCERY EArTTi NQCIRE
HILBERT BROs., liquor-store, Ellis and
Fowe 1 sts.
,5. u'Tt PAY IN li CIGAR-STORK: OTHER
*^«J-JU. business Inquire 1001 Mission St.
KNTLEMAN" PARTNER WANTED BY
young widow of means. 104 Mason st.
LD-E-TABLI-?HED SALOON: INVESTI-
gation If desired. 158 Sieuart sU
p HEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
v WEEKLY ' ALL, sec* to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1 50, posi-
eg free.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
DX BARGAINS
JL/ _7-room house $700; 22- room house... $500
10-room house.. 150 i _■! rooms, corner. 750
65 rooms, cor... 3,000 1 i rms on Sutter. 700
1 1 rs., must sell 20 | 66 rms, beat city. 3,500
15 rooms, new . 1,250] i-tl-ro^m h0u5e... 1,400
27 rooms, new.. ''.duo 1 10 rooms, corner.B,ooo
200 rooms, hotel. 10.000 ' 11 rooms, 0n1y... 75
35 rooms, centrl 2,500 10 rooms, Jones st 300
—1 SELL AND EXCHANGE REAL ESTATE—
-—AND BUSINESS PLACES OF ALL KINDS
H. C. DECK' R, 1020 Market sL, opp. Fifth.
C« 1 Anil BOARDING-HOUSE, CLEARING
01UUU. $200 per month. For sale by
DECKER, 1020 Market St.
T O.'OING-liOUStL 1 ROOMS: SUNNY;
Ij corner: making money: sacrifice: owner leav-
ing city for the -outh: see it. Apply 217 Second st.
ODGING-HOUSE FOR SALE— 3S ROOMS.
617 Mission st.; cheap.
*;Q FURNISHED ROOMS FOR s A LE CHEAP,
/-O on account of departure. 916 Howard st.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THIS
WEEKLY CALL, in wraDoer. for tnailimt.
LODGING-HOUSES "WANTED.
BARGAIN— FURNITURE of 23 ROOMS:
bouse full: good location on Market: must sell
by lf-U M., box 63, Ca 1.
1 tlt.NilLltr- lu_ SALE.
A (\(\ CARPETS; CHAMBER st. IS. SU
*aUU stoves, $5: parlor jets. $20: toldtng-bedt,
$10: bar ou thu. T. D. MCCARTHY. 764 Missiox
T L. J. NEUMANN'S, 117 SIXTH, FOR
lowest prices on household ctoods: new or goOi
as new: caa 1 or on time: open even!
F.QJI F L 'RTH— FURNITURE OF HOUSE 6
sJOXJ rooms and bath; reasonable}
VOLDING _E_TFo_r"SALE CHEAP. 227
X Sixth st.
VURNITIRE, sTOVES. CARPETS, COUN-
J ters, showcases. ANDERSON, 1121 Market-
• Li. KiNi.lt A. HKMIXr.E C o.— i.O WES
J > prices: furniture, carp- a: all trade*. 860 Miss' n
*LUN IT L lit, \» AN T_i _ .
ON FURNITURE; VERY LOW INTEREST;
no commission. SCRIBNER _. CO., 7 City
liall aye.
IOHERPItIOr. IMAN AN V W_iE.tr. I'AIU
by Indiana Auction 1057 Market.opp.Jonei
"IF YOU WANT "GOOD PRICES FOR FURNI-
JL tore and men banalse see BURD. 211 Larkin.
<*
CAtti'iir CLKANINu.
CITY STEAM CARPET CLEANING WORKS;
cleans, moves, lavs carpets. G. H. STEVENd".
M:r. 38 and 40 1. Igluh st- ; telephone South 250.
\V DEN V"C BtCOME Dl-GUSTED WITH
*' poor work send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet-beating Works, 353-57 Tehama st.; tel. So. 4„
/-ARRETS CLEANED A RENOVATED LIKE
V^'net-.'. 23 Tenth; tel. South 3& Mackintosh <k Co.
E. MlicHi-LL CAKPET-i LEANIN.i Co.,
. 240 llth su : cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mia 71.
-CLEANING, 3c: LAYING, be; RUG
I samples free; tel. Jessie 944. Stratton, 198ihsu
/"lON KLIN'S CARPr.T- CRATING WORK-*
\J .'' 8 Golden Gate hyp. Telephone East lad.
STORAGE.
STORAGE— CHEAPEST IN THeT^yTfTr&
proof building; advances made. 211 Larkln.-*
-1 URN IT C RE. PIANOS, TRUNKs: a>
J* vt.-icei. bhipping illA.^. L TAYLOK.2O4 Po_
UOTJELS.
TTrOOKLYN HOTEL 208"212 " BCSh'st!,
1 > board and room $1 to $2- per day, $6 to lsl2
per week; choice rooms 60 cents to $1: suite
looms for family $1 to XI 50 per night: flrst-ciass
service; ineo Co*c_ CHARLES MONTGOMERY.
lIOUSE'" TO FT.
TTOLSE 8 ROOMS: YARD: FINE VIEW.
JLI Lombard st , rear Hyde; rent $16.
C*>.)t\ 2814 LAGUNA: HOUSE 6 ROOMS.
C* -^'. $16-1835 Union: corner; 4 rooms.
* $14—1833 Union: 4 rooms.
rt-t-t. , CALIFORNIA ST.. NEAR PIERCE-6
-st>__ ' rooms, bath; basement with laundry;
rent $:!0.
HOUSE TO LKT. ANDERSON _. CO.,
Twenty-ninth and --anchtz s s
»Q HOUSE 4 BOOMS. - PRECITA AYE.,
CO, or Twenty-seventh St.. off Miss on
Oi 1 GEARY-HOUSE 7 ROOSIS, BATH,
_."r I U large stable, yard; suitable expressman.-
oL'Sf' TO LET— HAN'PTON PLACE, OFF
lots 'in st, between Secon, and Third.
! ' poOMS* .:338~ Sr.COND STi $15 PER
I 0 month. Key at 539 * econd St.
j ~r- ROOMS; 537 Sr.COND ST.; $17 PER
j I mo. ith. Key at. 539 Second st.
- ROOMS; NEW HOUSE; MODERN IM-
-0 provements; 4J Federa' s.; $15 per month to
desirable tenants. Key at 539 second st.
oUSi-..- IU 77nT FOR VERY LITTLE
money 'at BALDWIN *. _.__lMONii'ii, la
Vrnirrvm«-r*-' -:!'-
-t.(HIAt.I.S io LET.
_lh FOUR ROOMS AT~22T~_m!o7jD~AVE~
0 I U. Sunnyside, or will sell, $60 cash. bal. $10
per month. THE MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market.
_rr AND $9; COTTAGI S. 3 AND 4 ROOMS;
"55 I good order. Apply on premises, 945 Bryant
st., or G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery st-
; 1 fj 1 - LOMBARD, NEAR HYDE; COTTAGE
' IUI i of 5 rooms and bath; rout $16: water
j free. Apply DAVID STERN «_ SONS, 20 Mont-
| gomery st. »
J C_ l jf - COTTAGE; N. SIDE OF TWENTIETH
*!?IU. St. near Castro.
FURNISHED FLATS.
j A ROOMS~OF FLAT; NICELY FURNISHED
: " for housekeeping. 1023 E lis st.
J LAIS 'IU LiiT.
OOiTtEN^^CN7^'^vXjrT r Y7n7XNID^ARE
willing to a low you inducements to get you;
i ca.l for list. A. M. &PEI X _ CO., 602 Market sU
j ')_»•_> i PINE ST.; FLATS 5 ROOMS AND
; _.."*)») i bHtheach: newly papered and painted;
; sunny yards: rent $16.
OWER FLAT 4 AND 5 ROOMS; BATH;
vara. 10 Sbotwell St., near Fourteen $14
and*sls.
UNNY 7-ROOMFLAT: MODERN IMPROVE-
mects: Dear park. 2614 McAllister sr.
fj'.i ii GUTTER — NICE SUNNY UPPER
_01 _ 4 J flat: newly papered: yard: $15.
111-APEsT CORNER FLAT IN CITY; BA-
ker and Sacramento sts.: 5 rooms ant bath;
I in good condition: sun all day; rent .ow; make
J Offer. Apply MADISON & BUKKfci,
i •_. O j TEHAMA BET. FOURTH AND FIFTH—
,' OOx 6 rooms; latest Improvements: rent low.
i /ton AND e2i HAIGHT ST. -2 FLATS OF 6
. Da_ and 7 rooms, with bath; cheap rent to good
I tenant. Apply to 1838 Ellis st. .
I Q ROOMS AND BATH. *-8 CEDAR AYE.,
! 0 near Larkin st.
TAPPER FLAT. 5 BOOMS. BATH: ITN,E
1 view. Apply 1325 Washington st., nr. Jones
, .; NICE FLATS: 4 GOOD ROOM- EACH;
' — cheap rent. 624 Sixth St., near Bryant.
' til - GEARY — 4 UNFURNISHED ROOMS.
' -It) suitable for business Key 217 Ge/ry st.
tn- FELL — 2 FLATS, 4 ROOMS EACH;
■■ t'vi' bath, large basement and yards; $15
j and $16.
VKW sUNNY UPPER FLAT: 4 ROOMS; 3175
jA 25th, cor.Folsom. J.A.ULRICH.4I i rocker bL
t ti) FULTON— EX IRA FINE NEW UPPER
1 "l — flat 7 rooms; oath; $35.
FLAT 4 RO IMS, BllH AND GAS; $12.
X From 11 to 2, 420 Lily aye.
1 rk.; I HAIGHT, NR. BAKER— NICE 6-ROOM
±\Jz,l flat: best block on Ha!ght>t.t fine view.
"J _>_» i-ARKIN, OPPOSITE CITY HALL—
XOO rooms and bath top flit.
-5l 1 ft AND $20; MODERN FL iTS, 5 AND 6
010 rooms. 94 and 96 Belcher su, near S. end
; Fillmore.
-ROOM FLAT; Fr.DEKAL PLACE, OFF FED-
i *i eral st.: to a tenant without children; $10 per
month. Key at 539 -econd st.
fi. 1 j LOVELY SUNNY FLAT 5 ROOMS,
»„ I*t. bath aud gas. 3928 Nineteenth sr., bet.
Noe an J Sanchez.
.>.» PROSPER ST., OFF SIXTEENTH. HALF
— O bio- _ from Market— Lovely sunny upper
modern 5-room flat: rent $15; water free.
i -HEAP MODERN FLATS, 5 AND 6
v. rooms, $8 to $16: see them. 623 a Seventh st.
"I? LA TO RENT FoR VERY LITTLE
I X money at £_.i.Xivv'lN _ HAMMONA/at lv
.-. ent rom err st.
i-u«- __.___._iPANci- Looils.
Buchanan Street.
Pf\n BUCHANAN, COR. FELL— SUNNY FUR-
Dv- nished bay-window hall bedroom and
kitchen, $18.
i .
LUdy Street.
QI 7 EDDY— FRONT CONNECTING HOUSE-
OX I keeping rooms; gas stove: private family.
i tiili street..
QI Jl FIFTH —SUNNY FRONT BAY-WIN-
-01"x dow room, kitchen, bath, nocnlldren: $12.
f).)FIFiH-2 ROOMS FURNISHED .FOR
_•-•> housekeeping; rent cheap.
Fifteenth Street.
-I /-J*! A FIFTEENTH— I SUITE HOUSEKEEP-
-1 UxU ing rooms; also single rooms, bath; gas ;
sun.
Pulton Street.
1Q FULTON— SUNNY CONNECTING
X V rooms, furnished forhout-ekeeplns; bath; gas.
Hayes street.
-i n't HAVES-TWO SCNNY' FURNISHED
I 440 connecting rooms: bath, sink, siove;
block from Polk st. ; private family.
-uniiril _. leu..
I nn a HOWARD— elegant, furnished
11 "i rooms for light housekeeping.
t.jde Streei.
S)Of\ HYDE— NICE BACK PARLOR;. COM-
— »jU pleie for housekeeping; rent $10.
oe.Mt vaee..
r-f-ji-i 1 JESSIE, NEAR SEVENTH— 4 ROOMS;
D^la rent $9.
C*'l\ JESSIE— 2 NICE FLOORS OF S ROOMS
DOU each : unfurnished : rent $11 and $12 each.
Jones si tee..
C)f\Z,n JONES, COR. FILBERT-8 OR 4 SUN-
ZUOD ny unfurnished rooms; conveniences;
very cheap.
Lewis Street.
1 p LEWIS, OFF TAYLOR, NR. POST— 3 US.
I O furnished front rooms; $11.
Market Street.
1 H9Q MARKET— 2 ROOMS, FURNISHED
__U_*. complete, $10: 2 rooms, $7. :
j. i later _.■._«-*..
! 499 MCALLISTER ST. — HOUSEKEEPING
"i — — rooms; also front room.
Minna Street.
37*1 MINNA - A LARGE SUNNY BACK
• x basement room; stove, closets; private
famliy. ■
Natoma Streec.
! o*| NATOMA, COB. SECOND— 2 NICELY
i < X furnished rooms tor housekeeping with good
yard, -ft 2 week: also several single rooms.
7(11 .-> ATOMa. COR. EIGHTH— 2 OR 3 FUR-
• sJ X nlshed connecting housekeeping rooms.
Ninth Street..
<9f_ NINTH-FRONT SUITE OR SINGLE
»Af hous'.-kpg: grate; gas; bath. Also 246 Eighth.
«--'x*»rreil Stm-)..
_l""| C'FARRELL — 2 WELL?- FURNISHED
Til front rooms for housekeeping; bath;*
laundry; 814; gas; waie free.
1 owe. l Sires..
'in POWELL- 3 NICE' SUNNY HOUSE-
OJ.U keeping rooms; complete; reasonable.
Units Street.
"tIC RUSS— 3 FURNISHED BOOMS FOR
111) housekeeping.
cutter Street.
709 SUTTER, NEAR JONEB— NICELY FUR-
I Ou nl-hed housekeeping rooms: rent cheap.
Twelfth Street.
1 AH TWELFTH-LARGE AND WF.LL-FUR-
I "_0 nished housekeeping rooms; recent. ren-
ovated.
Twenty-third Street.
Q79Q TWENTY-THIRD, BET. DOLORES
O i Z.O and Chattanoo.a— 2 furnlthed rooms for
housekeeping. "
\ ttu Ness Avenue.
C-|Q VAN NESS AYE.-SUITE COMPLETE
OI O for housekeeping (unfurnished), parlor
floor: a!»o single.
LEGAL NOTICKg.
IsToL I T kTCTTf COPARTNERSHIP—
copartnership heretofore exis Ing between the
und rsieued, under the fir n..me of KUI LM \N,
WAGNER A CO., has this day been disso ved by
mutual consent. HERMAN KULLMAN,
JACOB SALZ.
CHARLES WAGNER,
January 14, 1897. CHARLES HART.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 15, 1897.
ItOOllS TO LET*.
Clementina xtreet.
00 CLEMENTINA, BET. FIRST AND SEC-
«-)«- ond— s unfurnished rooms to let.
i.iui v Street.
Cl 9 EDDY— SMALL NEAT SUNNY FRONT
OJ-^-room, $9. .
1 1 '-in EDDY. OPP. JEfFERSON SQUARE—
* X OxJ Ele.antly furnished large bay-window
rooms; references required. -I
F.ighth Street.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE. 28 BTH
su. near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
Kills Street.
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 ELLIS — INCANDES-
cent lights in every room: reading-room, con-
taining daily pat ers; 'smoking-room and ladles'
rarlor; open all night; rooms per night. 35c to
$1 50: week, $2 to $8: month, $3 to $30: tire es-
capes: elevator on office floor; annex of 65 rooms
now ready :hoi and cold water ln each room: bat.is.
HE RAMONA, 130 ELLIS, MRS. KATE S.
HART, manager— A quiet hou-e: centrally lo-
cated; newly furnished: elevator; hoi & cold water.
_ _.._ > . ie«..
I /-17 FIFTH-PLEASANT UNFURNISHED
-Lv/ I rooms to leu .^B_MS
1 (Hi FIFTH— CARNARVON CASTLE: NICE-
-LU./iy furnished rooms by day or week: from
$1 25 up per week.
09c FIFTH— CLEAN FURNISHED HOUSE-
___Q keeping; 2. $10: 3, $13: single. $5 to $7.
Folsom Street.
7RP. 1 FOLSOM-Nli ELY FURNISHED SUN-
iODt* ny 1 out rooms cheap.
Q9( I FOLSOM, NR. FOURTH— SINGLE FUR-
C «_U nlshed rooms; $1 per week.
1 "-l^l I'OLSOM, C "R. TWELFTH — FOUR
XtJOXJ uufuruished rooms, with batb.
f_|B_ oc-arv Street..
1 -7ni GEARY-SUNNY SUITES; GOOD FOR
1 Z.\J2 office.
JO'J GEARY— SINGLE sUNNY ROOM FOR
tiOO gentleman: rent reasonable.
CUiueu i>bi. _.\<.uu«3.
Qf\o GOLDEN GATE AYE.— ALCOVE AND
O\JO kitchen for housekeeping: other rooms.
ove t>ireet.
00 GROVE -ONE OR TWO NEWLY FDR-
— O nlshed sunny front rooms; grate and batb;
private family.
-uwnril .tree.,
QQQ HOWARD, CORNER 'SIXTH— NICELY
oCt) furnished suites $3 50 a week; sinel • beds,
$1 25 to $1 50: double beds, $1 50 to $2 50 a weeK
Jones street.
-;A7 JONES— THE VAN WINKLE*. NEW
—Of management; elegant snnny suites and
single: newly famished: bath, etc.: $10 to $30
Kearny Street,
* RLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY —
..i- Peasant sunny rooms, en suiteand single; first
class in ever.' respect: term* reasonable.
"VTEW AVENUE HOUSE, 904 KEARNY ST.,
x\ corner Jackson— single rooms 15, 20, 25. 60
cents per tiistht : special rates per week or month.
Market street.
VOSEMITi*-. HOUSE. 1045 MARKET — MSB
1 nieht. Sso to f1 ; week. *1 50 to $5: families.
Jttission Street.
HANCOCK HOUSE, 781 MISSION: SELECT
family roomlng-hi use: $1 60 to $6 per week.
1 A'-Q MISSION — TWO sUNNY HOUSE-
-1 UOO keeping rooms; sink in kitchen: $10.
Pine Street.
/•*! Q PINE, NEAR STOCKTON — SUNNY
OJLO furnished rooms; reasonable; references.
i ost si reec.
FURNISHED SUITE, WITH OR WITHOUT
board, rent $6: for 1 or 2 young ladles: nice
home with En lish lady. Apply 614 Post, bakery.
H9U PosT- WARM, SUNN. ROOM IN PRI-
O.— vaie tamily: $3 per month.
0901 PO-T (THE DoMLS)-SUNNY FUR-
—— 7 -i nlshed 100 ms; fine location; rent reason-
sole.
Powell Street.
no POWELL, NEAR SUTTER — FRONT
OUO and back parlor: also small room: sunny.
Sansome Street.
Q-l c SANSOME — NICE SUNNY ROOMS,
010 newly furnished, $3 and up; housekeeping
rooms. _^ ■ ■ ■
Second street. x
37 SECOND — WEBB HOUSE: ELEG ANT
Ol furnished rooms. MRS. LINDSAY. Prop. *
» > 0 1 SECO'.D— FURNISHED ROOMS. 10c,
_. OL 15c, 25c per night: 65c tesl 60 weekly. *
sixth Street. •
QQ SIXTH — QUIET SUNNY ELEGANT
00 rooms; Ml conveniences; fireproof building.
KUNSWIGK HOUSE, -148 .-IXI'H— oPEN
a 1 night, rooms: 25c 10 $1 per night, $1 25 to
$5 per week. J. O. DRAKE, manager.
91 pl SIXTH— NICE LARGE FRONT ROOMS
— 1 U*» to rent, cheap; also sunny back rooms.
Stockton -tree;.
THE EUROPEAN, 17 STOCKTON ST.— FUR-
nisbed rooms, en suite or single: hot, cold water
In every room: baths: elevator; transient solicited.
9/1 A STOCK 1 ON, N.E. COR. GEA RY'— SUNN V
_-UU downtown rooms; $7; gentlemen: refer-
ences.
i »..«er imn.,
7 J*l SUTTER— FURNISH »-D FRONT ROOM,
111 suitable for office or other purposes.
iay.or sireei.
"I AQ TAYLOR— NICE SINGLE BOOMS, $ 1
IUO week : double rooms, $1 75.
Ik 1. mi st reg., t
'*! Q THIRD. CORN P. SOUTH PARK-FUR-
-010 nished housekeeping rooms.
Turk Street.
9 SUNNY ROOMs! RENT $5: PRIVATE
_. family: gas. bath. 242 Turk St.
\ an .<f.« AVOIIUB.
7Q91 VAN NESS AYE.— SUNNY FRONT
i\JZi-i bay-window room, with grate; also two
other rooms, cheap.
1 1 Ciii VAN NE-S, CORNER GEARY— FUR-
X J. UU nisbed sunny front room: $6; bath.
miscellaneous.
HALF OF VERY LARUE BASEMENT. PRl-
vate entrance, for rent; cheap: sni'ablefor
storage of wine, etc. Inquire at corner Thlr J and
Howard, Basement Saloon.
BOAKDLNO AN I> ROOMS.
"Tj^^D^Y^LOVELY SUNNY~ PARLORS
_x — . and other rooms, with board; $20 up. ■
79- FINE (Kr.NuV.V)— NEWLY 1-URNISH-
IZ-J ed suites and single rooms: service strictly
first class; references.
PLEASANT ROOM FOR 2 WITH BOA BD AND
home privileges: terms $45 per month. Ad-
dress Central, box 38 Call.*; '
■ ft ] LEAVEN WORTH — SUNNY C>RNEK
01/ J. suites: single; excellent table; rates mod.
OTi-.L BERTLING. 714 BUSH— A FAMILY
hotel: references; all modern conveniences.
STOKE -i .' I.FT.
T*T^T : OLRTTLT_MA__^TORfc^^
TtlU in rear: low rent. Apply to G. H. UMBSEN
_ CO., 14 Montgomery st.
ARBER-sHOP, WITH BATHS: ESTAB-
llshed 16 years; $18 per montb; key at 539
second st.
t aipenter-ihop; $7 per month. 5 De Boom St.;
key at 539 Se ond st.
p umbing-shop; $6 per month. 3 Deßoomst.;
key at 639 second st.
Corner store, 631 second St.; $14 per month;
key at 539 Second st. .
S9' STORE 8 ROOMS: LIGHT CELLAR.
—O. 1128 Howard St., near Seventh.
TORE. 1524 HOWARD. COR. LAFAYETTE,
*J with fixtures; cheap rent.
T LOW RENT— PART OF STORE AND
ba-em"nt. 324 Pos' st. 7-'.t-
STOKES WANTED.
WANTED-SMALL 'BUILDING OR two
floors wltn steam power for manufacturing
pur oses: would lease. Address, stating monthly
rent, location and full details, S. M. Co., box 34,
thlsoflic*.
OFFICES TO _.ET.
MA R X ET— E LEG ANT SUNNY " UN^
J OUOfurnls ed offices suitable doctor or dentist
HORSES.
Ift HORSES FOR SALE; ALSO WAGONS^
tIU buggies, carts, harness: Orand Arcade Horse
Market, 327 Sixths*.: auction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN <fe DOYLE, Auctioneers.
•■■Mr. EMPORIUM SAL_S YARDS, 220 VA.
1 lencla su, is the place to go If you want to bar.
sell or exchange horses, buggies, wagons or har-
ness: auction sales every Saturday at 11 o'clock.
r ._,_ SET NEW AND SECON L-MA-> V U.A.A-
OVjyJ cess: all kinds: buggy.wagon. carts, surra/
atrockawar; 40 cheap horses. 15th and Valencii. .
/ iHEAP- FINK HORSE AND DUMP-CART.
•_■ Inquire 1232 Vallejo su, near Hyde, in rear.
LIINE 6-YEAR-OLD MARE; SUITABLE FOR
X business or private use. 605 McAllister.
C/i UK A ll DRIVING A.*.1l W'UKn MOKotS;
OU weirhi 1000 10 1700 ibs. 62 Howard st.
PHYSICIANS.
R. C. & o*DONSt___, r 1206 MARKET, COR!
uoldenGate ay. ; diseases of women a specialty.
rr*RSOXAT,*».
GENTLEMAN WANTS NICELY FUR-
ntshed room with some one that has no other
roomers. Address C, box 107, Call Office.
AINTING AND TINTING; FURNITURE:
polished and enameled at lowest figure. Ad-
dress 122 Broad St.. station L . ■
NY ONE WISHING TO KNOW IHEAD-
aressof H. c. Dudman will find it at 212
Leaven su
YOU ARE NERVOUS!
X 01 course, you are: you haven't slept for a
week— yon have taken everything forreilef, but
none ls vouchsafed you, when right at your door
ls theonly remedy for your trouble— DP.. SMITH'S
ELECTRO-MAGNETIC BATHS.
They never fail— always cure. Go to-day to 1533
BUCHANAN at., and sleep to-night.
ADVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
clalty: private: no charge unless successful:
all lawsuits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc.,
attended ta G. W. HOWE, atty-at-law. 850 Market
1 AAA CARDS, $1 50. SHOW CARDs, ETC,
I \JV\J Tel. Black 141. HILL 22*/- Geary su
MASSAGE AND MAGNETIC HEALING:
ladles on'y; one treatment free. 4.7 Octavia.
GET RID OF YOUR CATARRH BY USING
GEN E'S CataßKH Cuke. 1533 Buchanan s.
u_ I A DOZEN— rINE CABINET'S _. >> i_-
"PI SON'S Gallery. 1028 Markeu
EFINED YOUNG WIDOW WISHES TO
meet gentleman, past 40, who would assist
her: object matrimony; no irltlers. Mr:B.B.L,
box 67, Call Office -
MRS. . THOMPSON, HAIRDREBSER AND
manicure. 7 Powell St., room 14.
/ i ET A SHAVE A 1 THE LADIES' BARBER-
"Jf shop, 757 a Howard St., near Fourth.
T MAKE SWIACHES FOR $1; OUT OF YOUR
X own hair for 75c I will dress your hair, any
style or to suit the face, for 25c. shampoo and
plain hair-dressing, 50c. I restore gray or bleached
hair to natural CO r with pertectly harmless
preparation,, $1 bottle. G. LEDERER, 111 Stock-
ton St., nearest Geary.
1 THE PEOPLE'S ONE DOLLAR MEDICAL
Institute, all cases treated and medicinas fur-
nished for $1: call or write. 1029^_ Mar-* •-,
beu sixth and Seventh. San Francisco, CaL
-97 MONTGOMERY ST., BRANCH OFFICE
«)_, 4 of Tit Call; waut ads and subscriptions
taken.
1. ARTINGTON'S eCHOOL OF MAG \ZINE
I and Newspaper Illustration partlc-lars as to
terms etc.. 424 Pine su; illustrations :ur~ished
for magazines, newspapers, etc
ILL GENTLEMAN WHO FOUND PARROT
please leave address at 1215 Union st
RUSTIC H AIRDKEssING, 25c; $25 FOR
cases of hAlr failing or dandruff 1 cannot cure.
MRS. HI BBARD, 1104 Marvel su, room 28.
THE ANIMaTOSCOPI-, THE PERFECT
screen machine. For price of hand or motor
machines call or address Animatoscope Company,
933 Market su, San Francisco, seventh floor.
I _R. C. E. FARNUM HAS MOVED TO THE
XJ Parrott building, over Emporium, 3d fl.. r. i.03.
UPTURE AND FILES CURED: No Pa V
until cured: send for book. DRS. MANS.
FIELD _ PORT KRFI ELD. 838 Market gt.
M AGNISCOPE — NEW PROJECTING MA-
A'l chine: uses the kinetoscope films; price $250.
BACIGALUPI. 946 Market st.
BURNETT'S CORN CURE— SURE CLRr. Fori
AJ corns bunions, warts: 25c i.27 Montgomery.
1 1 CLEANED. x*Re.-<jED, $1; REPAIRS
►7dveing done. 131 Mouicomerv ,r 6 t'-.red -.374.
\\r ALL PAPER, 4C A RoLL; PAPER HANG-
'» Ing, painting. etc., by contraot or day's work, at
yonrewn price. N.E. MERIQAN. 1302 Webster su
bIG OUTDOOR STEREOPTICON sHOW EVE-
I ' ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts.; artistic ad-
vertisements In living light: promoters of busi-
ness. consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market st.
EL C'IRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM:
li Winchester House. 44 Third su, rr. Market;
200 rooms. 25c to $1 60 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week ; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
AVh. YOUR FEATHER-BEDS AND PlL-
lows filled. McC.BE'S, 870 Mission, cor. 6ih.
IVORCr. AND ANNULMENT OF MAR-
riage; terms of payment obliging: legal every-
where. Address lock box F, 9u6 Market St., s. F.
I IBER.-iL ADVA.xCES u.N DIAMONDS, JEW-
J 1 elry. etc: lowest rales. 948 Market su
AZOR EXCHANGE, 630 MARKET— BASE-
■ ment: fine edge put on razor for 25 cents.
LOAKS. ELKS AN,' SUITS- i.ETaILED a.i
wholesal* prices. Factory. 20 Sansome sU .
."•HEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
V. WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
age free
A, 1. 1. -.!» A* A__*> 1.
SUITS MADE FROM $3 UP. SKIRTS. 75c:
capes. $1: fl ruaranteed. 559V_ Stevenson su
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ME. THOMAS, SCIENTIFIC revXaTT
er by eggs and cards; tells entire life, past,
present, future: consultations on atl affairs; noth-
ing excepted; names given: "good advice: sure
help; restores lost lov* by svmpainy; mistake Im-
possible: fee $1 : letter $2. 929 Post st, nr Larkin.
me. porter, wonderful clairvoy-
ant card-reader, born with double veil and se-
cond sight: diagnoses diseases with full life read-
ing: ladies. 50c; gents, $1; palmistry and clair-
voyant sittings, $1 CO. 126 Turk si . near Jones.
MISS VAN DE VERE, THE MARVEL OF
many lands— Past accurately reviewed: future
precisely foretold; mines located; business and
love affairs a specialty; magnetist; letters an-
swered. Room 1, 1 Fifth st.
ME. RAVENA READS LIFE FLUENTLY;
iVI business advice; names given; 25c up.s Fourth
ME. MOREAU, BEST CLAIRVOYANT
and medium In city: fee 26c tip. 764 Howard su
ISS MELVINA, CLAIRVOYANT: PICTURE
future husband or wife, 6uc 76-i*- / _ Howard.
FORTUNES TOLD BY BOTH MOTHER AND
X daughter; truths 1635 Hyde St.
m .Mabel WOODS, magnetic WON-
der, cardreader; charms. Room 8, 207 Post
ME. YANSON, CLAIRVOYANT AND MAG-
■IH netic healer. 1 Fiith sU, room 22.
ME. WALTERS OF TEHAMA; CARDS-. LAj
dies, 25c: gents, 60c 951 Mission, nr. 6th.
G"i PSY LIFE- READER REMOVED TO 3
VJ Seventh st, nr. Market; ladies 25c, gents 60c
ME. LENEMAR— FORTUNES TOLD BY
planets. 815 Mission St.. room 2: walk in.
VI ME. LEGETTE, CLAIRVOYANT AND BUS.
ltl advice; 25c; one price. 311 Tehama, nr. 4th.
ME. HANS: N. PALMIST. CAR. -READER;
past, present and future; 25c 148 6th si ,r. 5.
A*. B. B \UMANN, REST-KNOWN CLAlR-
voyaut In the city. Residence 132 Turk at.
RRIVED — MEDIUMI-TIT AND CARD-
reading marvel of the age; J up 1 Polk st..rl4
ME. SYBILLE TELL- FRoM CRADLE TO
grave: pictures given: ladles 25c: 5-14 O'FarrelL
me. ruth Harrison OF N. V.. mag-
J.VL netic hea er; card-reader. R. 17. 109 a Powell.
11,1 A _, ALaSJA.
ME. OSMAN, RITUAL TRANCE M EDl-
un; life readings, love affairs, business invest-
ments, mining speculations a specialty. 838 Mis-
sion st.
INTERESTING MEETING AT 997 MARKET
JL to-nl-ht: tests by M s. Kate Hoskins, Mrs.
Robinson, Miss Meda Hoskins.
•Jili; MCALLISTER— MRS. C. J. MEYER;
o_-*J test meetings every ul-rht, 10c-. Tue., Wed.,
Fix, 2 p.m. ; trance dr.. Sat. -SMon.eve 25c; bus-sigs
IS J. J. WHITNEY, CLAIRVOYANT,
trance test medium and Ufa reader. 218
Stockton sU
ADIES' AID CARD PARTY MEETS TO-
nighu . 418 McAllister St.: admission 10c,
RS. IiLLIS, MEDIUM; SITTINGS.9 TO B, $1;
circles Tues., Fru. 2p. m., 25c. 233 Valencia.
~\ M. FRANCIS, INDEPENDENT SLATE
_\. writer. 118 Hatch' sU; hours 9 until 6 P M.
faiPNOTISM.
HYPNOTISM SCIENTIFICALLY TAUGHT:
success v Mesmeric Ins, 6 Far re. l
Au.. tAA,_-JIAaCLLA,AA_OCI.
Second-hand f u r n it u re - STORE for
i sale cheap at 205 Nluth sU _^
, ARS,- BACK BARS, MIRRORS. SHOW-
I cases, counters, linoleum, offlce furniture,
store and office furniture and fixtures, new and
second J. NoONAN, 1017-1019-. 021- 1023
Mission S- , above Sixth. . .
RINTINO MATERIAL FOR sALE CHEAP
at 8 Montgomery aye., room 14.
» < OILERs,ENGINES,'_'D-HAN'D MACHINERY
1> water-pipes. Mcintosh A Wolpman. 137 Beale.
ROOMS PAPERED. $2 50 UPWARD; WHlT-
enlng, tinting, painting at lowest rales. F.
EDWARDS. 1200 Webster su, tel. Sleiner 235. a
A RS7 SCALES. 1 MIRROR-, FRENC-l
ranges, etc.bought, sold. Mi-.EK, 1118 Mission.
SECOND-HAND SAFE; FIREPROOF; VERY
cheap. D. N. HAWLEY, 818 Market st. .
NATIONAL* CASH REGISTER, GOOD OR-
li der: also large folding-door safe. 8 Mission su
OIfEE MILL -SCALES, LETTER PRESS,
stand desk, money till, sate: cheap. * 102 Clay.
ON ARCH BLUE flame HEATERS are
IVL the best.' W. S. RAY MFG. Co.. 12 California
ARS, SHOWCASES, COUNTERS, BHELV-
•' ing, etc., 1 ought and sold. 1063 Mission. nr.7th.
SK SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE-SIZE
fire and burglar proof safe. 109-111 Market su
SEWING MACHINES.
LL," KINDS BOUGHT. SOLD, EXCHANGED.
rented .repaired: lowest rates. i:O6 Fourth su
Tricycles.
BEN* HUBS, BRAND NEW, $45; bargains
In second-hand whee a DAVIS BROS.,
cycle depanmeot, - 6 Geary -t '■- ;■■■■■■ .. ■ ■- .
_-t QA\ SWELL SPECIAL CLEVELAND IN
tjP-LOU. perfect condition for $50. 406 Geary.
CITY REAL ESTATE,
<J_ -1 OA AN " OPPORTUNITY SELDOM OF-
•JJ-U-il'U. fered to purchase an elegant, strictly
modern 10-room bouse on car line; close to Gold
Gate Park t erms $500 cash, balance flat loan or
installments. ENGLISH & MORRISSEY, 628
Market st. --. ■ ■:
FOR SALE oN EASY TERMS-MODERN
-T houses on Masonic aye. and Waller St.: houset
contain salon parlurs, dining-room, billiard-room
atid 6 large bedrooms, bath, kitchen and laundry;
rooms beautifully decorated; sun In every room.;
see them to-day. Take Halght or Ellis streetcar,
(.el off at Masonic aye.; owner on premises.
<_.* /t AAA FOR -ALE OR EXCHANGE.
O**±UUU. New cottage on 23d aye. East Oak-
land; 6 rooms and bath: high basement; bride
foundation; bay windows; lot 6-xl6o.
G. H. UMBSEN" A CO..
ti :>.:-l.t-7. '■'>.: ••... 'l4 Montgomery st.
__0-f-*I TO LOAN.
©QAA'/IAA AT Hy 3 per cent on CITY
«"JSOUU.''UU real estate: also Oakland, estates,
life Insurance, second mortgages, any sum. Man-
hattan Loan Co.. 10 Mills building, ground floor.
Advances »N Diamonds, WATCHES,
jewelry; also on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval: lowest ratea BALDWIN JKWELKi
STORE, 948 Market su : open evenings.
NY AMOUNT: IST, 2D.OR 3D MORTGAGES,
estates, undivided interests, real estate in pro-
bate; furniture and pianos without removaL
McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery St.. room 3.
WIsE AND SAVE INTEREST — MONEY
loaned on very thing. ' Cut Rate Loan oihea.
room 7. Flood building. Pledges for sale cheap.
IRECT O.N YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO,
no removal: no delays: no commissions: low
interesu Rm. 68. Donohue bldg. 1170 Market su
fl.').)" iinnAT BANK RATE -1 : 1--1 AND
CO- -J.UUU 2d mortgages, estates, rents, eta:
lend as iow as $50. H. M IRPH '< . 62S Markel si.
ICHY PAY HIGH INT. ON SMALL LOANS?
'» We loan at 55c interest per mo. on each $100
on 2d mortgage : any security. Gold, box 4, CalL
"PRIVAIE PARTY LOANS ON ANY GOOD
x security: interest. TI.D., box 160, Ca1l Office.
VI ONEY TO LOAN ON REAL ESTATE: ANY
IVI amount. W LLIAMS, 214 Pine su, room 3.
|J-A IO $50,000; Lou Est LATE.: A>l _ .'J
t_t«JU mortgage: flat orinstlmnu Dryden, 535 Cal.
DVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JEW EA.RY.F.TU
Columbia Loap & I ollateral Office, 9 '-rant aye.
FA U NiiKOKLKS.
ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS.JEWELRY, sil-
verware,planos;low rates. Natl. Loan, 133Tay lor
IGITTTT PRICE PAID 1-v'R «AS T OF?
clothtn';. • osp'ono linn 1 nan Offlc-. 49 Third.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST—
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, telegraphy, languages, English branches,
electrical engineering: I'O teachers; 15,000 gradu-
ates; day and evening sessions; catalogue. •'
ADY TEACH ESf PIANO AND MANDOLIN
thoroughly; 50c a .esson; excellent ntanis: and
accompanist lor entertainments and parlies. 1209
Octavia st.
* yres'. The leading college. 3-*»
j"i Montgomery st. : individual Instruction in
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc -
<<ie scholarship $50 Tw rates per week and ran.
OOKKEEPING THOROUGHLY IN to WEEKS
or year's course free; only accountant teaching.
TARR, room 572, Parrott Emporium building.
MRS. MELVILLE SNYDER, 2517% CALl-
fornia— Vocal music, piano and elo ution;
praciical actinz; vocal classes. $1 per month.
ENGLISH, LATIN, MATHEMATICS: ENG-
Ush literature a specialty. MISS ROULSTON,
724 O'Farrell si.
TIEHL'S SHORTHAND AND BUBINEs3
O College. 723 Market su ; students trained: office
situations secured; lowest rates or credit for tuition.
ENGiNi-i-itING SCHOOL: MECH., ____,
civil, mining, survey, assay, archlu. X ray
lauahnes-1864. A.VAN DER NAILLI-N.723 M-l
KLASCO ••) Llli.oji M-i.uuL Or ACTING—
Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsal
__£ tlaze. H. 6 and 12. I. O. O. F. block. 7th and MIX
RAWING AND PAINTING TAUGHT; KU-
XJ ropean artist; $5 mc 305 Larkln, r. 105; p _.
piANO, MANDOLI - AND GUITAR LESSONS
A given; 50c 126 Tenth su
O INGING; PIANO*. PARIS GRADUATE;
O French, German languages: $2 mo. 109 Taylor.
OICE, DRAMA. ORATOr.Y: PRIVATE AND
V class. Prof.RO---, Donoboe bldg;l2 to 1, 7 to a
UROF. L. RA.x KIN— VIOLIN, MANDOLIN,
i mandola tterms reasonable. 2^sGeary, nr.Powell
L RENCH LEARNED EASILY. TAUGHT BY
1 a graduate from Paris. J., box 10, Call Office.
GL liA R. JIANDoLIN, PIANO AND VoCa.l.
lessons. $3 mo. Mary Westbans. 39 Fifth.
OOKKPNG, WRITNG, ARITHMTC. GRAMR,
day & night : no clai sen: $5 month. 845 Mission.
VIOHT SCHOOL: nl-. AI.D'.- BUS. COLLEGE :24
-LV post commercial. shorthand. English low rate
J_»_3ACAL'_ INsARUJdENTS.
ARE YOU. .'CONTEMPLATING THE " PUR
chase of a piano? if so our warerooms con aln
tbe most desirable stock from which to make the
selection; bargains for cash, lnsta Iments or rent
contract piau; we are selling some pianos for $3,
$4 anl $5 per month: beautiful new uprights for
$6, $7, $;<, $9 and $10 per month; no cash pay-
ment required larger than tbe above amounts; all
purchasers of upright pianos from us have the
privilege of exchanging same for a Steinway any
time within 3 years from date of purchase with-
out sacrifice SHERMAN, LAY A Co., repre-
sentatives of Steinway <_ son's pianos, cor. Kearny
and suiter sis., San Francisco; also Oakland,
CaL; Portland. Or.: Seattle, wash.
lUB HAVE SECURED THE AGENCY OF
' ' the wonderful Ivers A Pond pianos, a specially
(elected stock; all styles, uprights and grands:
just received; It is imicssible to -make a better
piano: absolutely without a weak point; sole
agents for ivers _ Pond, Llndeman. Connor,
Muehlfeld Haynes and Singer pianos. J. T.
BOWERS A SON, Metropolitan Temple building.
BSOLUTELY THE OLDEST AND LABGEST
ABSOLUTELY THE OLDEST AND LARGEST
house west of Chicago is KOHLER <_
CHASE'S, 26, 28 and 30 CE _rrell sU: pianos, or-
pans and all other musical instruments, of all
grades and prices: terms e.sy: prices lowest;
everything possible none to please and satisfy lue
customer.
CTL' ALLY THE BEST BARGAINS IN Pt-
anos; see our list tor this week; pianos on ${,
$4. $5, $6, $7, $8. $9, $10, $15. $20 monthly pay-
ments; tine stool and cover with each; delivered
free anywhere in ma city and kept tuned by ex-
pert concert tuners. The F. W. SPENC_ai CO,
salesrooms 93S Market St.. opp. Mason.
AINES, BUSH A GEBTS AND KNABE Pl-
anos: get our reduced prices; fine secondhand
uprights, $135: organs, $35. W. C. HAMILTON,
successor to A. L BANCROFT CO.. 324 Post sU
Tangs S-. i.d, .■ rented, tuned, RE-
paired. polished, shipped, stored, tor lower rates
than any other firm in tue city. J. HARRY
SCOTT, 526 Hayes su
BARGAIN — FINE CHICKERING $100.
SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister St., next Hlbernia
Bank. _^^
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE — MUsT SELL,
-•"A. pianos at immense reduction for cash or on
ins aliments. EATON ESTATE, 735 Markeu
LINE SQUARE, $o5; STEINWAY OR
I Decker Bros., $350. New uprights, best and
cheapest, at MAUVAIS', 769 Market st.
<{_(M_ A GOOD 7-OCTAVE UPRIGHT; FINE
tJpc/U. condition: $51nsiallmts.221Leaveu worth.
INK STEINWAY: CHEAP FOR CASH.
Room 10, 809 Market St.
ALMOST NEW HARDMAN PIANO; MUST
be sold. Room 10, Flood building.
SHAW, STEINWAY $250, CHICKERING
$185: great bargains $4 mo HEINE.I 36 EL'ls.
_» 1 e\l\ DECKER BROS.'; IN GOOD ORDER.
& L«JU. BRUENN'S piano house. 228 PosU
MAGNIFICENT STKIN WA V UPRIGHT AND
Schubert: little used: sacrifice. lOlOVnn Ness
TT G. BADGER. SOLE A ENT FOR HALLET
" .<_ Davis and Francis Bacon pianos. 406 Sacto.
YRONMAIZY. 808 P- --T ST.— -OHMER,
Newby _ Evans, Briggs and other pianos.
SUPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS, OLD* NEW
O H. MULLER. maker, repairer 2 La. ham place.
DOLLAR A W__K ON RENT' CONTRaC'i"
buys new rlano. 136 Ellis su
«_____g_______-___________________
DENTISTS.
<5»7 FULL bet of lir.TH WORTU tplft;
_*! I . warranted 5 years: extraction free: hlhugi
60c Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
POSITIVE 1 V PAIN LESS EXTRACTION,
X DR. HARDING, 500 Sutter: t-1. main 5376.
HALI-ANT & CHALFANT, MOVED FROM
8 Mason to 119 Powell: bridgework a special 'y.
toLiO-s lit..- 1 ASSOC!.*- TION, bOb MAR-
/ ket St. DR CHARLES W. DECKER.
*n A SET FOR TEETH-WARRANTED AS
«£) I good as can be made; filling $1 DR SIMMs,
dentist, 930 Market St., next Baldwin Theater.*
F AINLESS 1 XTRACIION, 60c; CRoWN
bridge work a specialty: plates $5 up: lSveari
experience. R. L WALSH, D.D.S., 815% Geary
DR. LUDLUSI HILL 1443 MARKET ST- NR.
Eleventh; no charge for extracting when
plates are made: . old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set; extracting 60c-. gas given.
L^ULL SET OF iEETri, 87: FILLING, 50c;
X crowns $3. Pacific Dental Parlors, 18 Third.
ET Or' TEETH WITnoUT ATAaI- DR.
0 H. G. Young, 1841 Folk at.
1 \R. J. J.Lt-Eiv. 1206 MARKET, c Oil. GOLDEN,
XJ Gate aye.: open evenings: --tindavs till noon,
ROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 759 MAR-
keu beu 3d and 4th: gas specialists; painless
extracting, with gas, $1; 1 plates. $5 up; fill. $1 up.
DR. GEORGE; W. LEEK, THE GENUINE
Leek denttsu discoverer of painless extractioa
and patentee of Improved - bridge 1 work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 cf FarrelUt.
LL WORK REASONABLE AND WAR-
ranted. DR. J W. KEY. 1123 Market su
PROFESSIONAL CARDS.
JOHN E. RICHARDS, LAW OFFICES. ROOM -J
26 and 27, Crocker build-UK,* taiepnoue Mats
75, Ban Francisco, CaL 7 * « ': .77
OHN R. AITKEN AND MAURICE L ASHER,
ally, at law, mis 515,516, s_i floor, Parrott bKU
COtTNTKY REAL ESTATE.:. j
©O^fin 4 ACRES; NICELY IMPROVED: !
o_- -J inside city limits- GEORGE C.
YOUNG, Peta uma •
LEGANT VINEYARD; W «. > UL D EX-
change; rare bargain. Room 70, Columbian
building.
GJ'Jft /lftli 1000 ACRES RICH VALLEY
s^OyJ.x'VJ '. land In best b-y county, at sta-
tion, with grain warehouse; 600 acres sowed to
wheat ; easy terms. W. D. HOi.COM. _ CO., 512
California st.
HICKEN-RANCH OF 2*-i ACRES OF LAND;
bouse of 6 rooms, with basement; well and
barn: horse, cow, pigs, chickens, wagon, piow and
everything complete; cheap. Apply C. S., 617
bacramento st.
\ TTENTION — WEHAVE 83 ACRES CHOICE
-"» land rear Pleasanton that must be sold at
once; product last year 700 sacks o. barley and 6o
tons of hay; all tented: 4 flowing springs; owner
will take $35 per a**re If taken mmedUtely. Ala-
meda Land Company, 57 chronicle building.
ANCH BARGAIN; $5 PER ACRE; I.Bo
acres timber: plenty wat r; excellent stock
ran h: best par: of Kern Ca R, box 20, Call office.
_ND FOR ILLUSTRATED PAMPHLET OF
California lanos for sale ny H. FRANCIS,
rooms 69-71 Chronicle building San Fran* isco, Cal.
I'ITLK HoAlE*s, Cl.O--K To TO W.N. TiT
J proved: easy terms, also 4to 12 acre pieces
on 8 and 10 years' credit. D. H. TWIN'G, Sonum-
City: every Monday al 8!"2 Mark** St.. S. F.
» WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS _ THF!
__. WEEKLY CALL. In wraoner. for mallinst
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
OR SALE— S-ROOM COTTAGE AS GOOD AS
x new, $1500; Installments: within one block of
local and c eciric cars. Address E. a. THoRNE,
480 Tenth st-, Oakland.
\ BARO.vIN— IO PER CENT .*-. i-.T ON
-TV money; 2 blocks to local; 2 houses; $2000
c«sh; rent for $28 per month: must sell. Address
W.M. P. TODD. 10u*_ Broad wa-. Oakland.
L ILBERI'ST., OAKLAND: 8-KOOM HOUSE;
x large lot; buildings alone cost $4000: for sale,
$2401): great bargain. C. K. KING, .02 Broad-
way, Oakland.
&7 TO $15. FOR CHOICE BUILDING
»Jp I O lots in the town of Flichburg; a new sta-
tion established near Oaklaud, on ihe Haywards
and ban Leandro local line, by the Southern Pacitio
Company; only 45 minutes from san Francisco
and 6 minutes from Oakland: electric-cars every
ew minutes: terms 10 suit buyers. Apply to
C. M. KUNKLE, owner, yis*/a Washington su,
Oakland. Cal.
«41* 1 F.A LOT. NEAR THE ALTENHEIM IN
lipl*-''-". Fruitvale; electric cars; only $1 down
and $1 a week; selling fast: good improvements.
H. B. PINNEY, owner. 902 Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
Ur 1-. i'K DIAMOND- BY PA IROM .USING H
>Cti F.LLHAAS, furniture-dealer, Oakld
PROPERTY _<_» bICUAXiiG.
CX.ND FOX OCX LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
iO for sale. WfOsTF.'t A WHITToV. San Jos.
ATTOKNEYS-AT-LAW.
ADVICE FREE— DIVORCE LAWS A BPECI'
ally; private; no charge unless successful; all
lawsuits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G. *. HOWE, ati'y-at-law, 850 Market.
CONSCIENTIOUS, RELIABLr. ATTORNEY;
all business strict v confidential; terms rea-
sonable; best reference,; V. S. ana State courts.
L.E-PHILLIFS..I-- SupremeCourtUd,3os Larkin
ADVICE FREE; No CHARGE UNLESS suc-
cessful. J. G. JEFFRr SS, 632 Market, rm.23.
W. KING, CHRONICLE BLDU; CONSUL-
. tation free: probate; all caveat fees low. .
DVICKFREE; NO CHARGE UNLESS »Cl>
cessfuL W. W. DAVIDSON.' 927 Mar-eta-
TRUSTEES' SALES.
T*^RUSrS£3 ; ~SA__n-IN^CCOR^_N W'TtH
the terms and under the authority of a certain
deed of trust, duly executed by CHARLES E.
WILLIAMS ana HARRIET A. WILLIAMS (bis
wife), parties of tbe first part, to HENRY C. CAMP-
BELL and THADDEUS B. KENT, trnstees.parties
of the second part, and the SAN FRANCISCO
SAVINGS UNION, party of the third part, dated
June 7th. 1889, and recorded in the office or the
■ County Recorder of the county of -basta, State of
California, in liber Na lof trust deeds, at pages 67
I and following, and in pursuance of a resolution
I passed on the lfath day of November, 1896, by the
! board of directors of said SAN FKANCIscO sa V-
| INGS UNION, a corpora ion, and the holder of the
I notes (No. 9398). to secure pa ment of which the
1 aforesaid deed of rust was executed, declaring
! th. 1 default had been made In the payment of the
principal sums and other turns due under said
I notes and deed of trust, and requesting and direct-
! ing said HENRY C. CA_P_EcL and THAU-
DtUSR KENT, trustees, to sell the real estate
described therein to satisfy saia indebtedness.
We, HENnY C. CAMPBELL and»THADDEUS
B. KENT, trustees, do hereb - give notice that on
Tt ESDAY, .he 26th day of January, A. D. 1897,
at 12 o'clock noon of that day, and at tbe auction
salesroom uf Easton, Eldridg- dc Co., 638 Market
street, ln .he City and County of San Francisco,
State of California, we will sell at public auction,
to the hiehest bid .er, for cash in co.d coin of the
United Mates, the pieces or parcels of land situate
in the county of Shasta, Slate of California, de-
scribed as fo.iows, to wit-
According to the official plats and system of
surveys of the Government of the United States:
In townsnip twenty-nine (29) north, range four'
(4) w>st. Mount Diablo base and meridian:
Of section two (2), the east bait of the north-
east quarter (E. Va of NE. "-,_), the northwest quar-
ter ot th noriheait quarter (NW. Vi "f NE. Vi),
and the noriheas quarter of ihe northwest quar-
ter (N Vi of NW. Vi):
In township thirty (30) north, range four (4)
west, Mouoi Diablo base an 1 meridian:
Of section twenty- nine (".9) the whole;
of s ction thirty (30), the southeast quarter
(SE. 14), and
of sec.ii. thirty-five (35), the east half (E. "V_l;
Containing in all one thousand two hundred and
eigh.y 1280) acres of land, more or less; together
with the appurtenances.
TE Ma OF SALE— Cash in gold coin of the
United States, 10 per cent payable to the under-
signed on the fall of the hammer, talance on de.
livery of deed, and It' not so paid, units*, for want
of title (ten days being allowed for search), then
said 10 per cent to be forfeited, and the sale to be
void. Acts of tale at purchaser's expense.
HENRY C. CAMPBELL, ) T - u -,-..
THADDEUS B. KENT, / " rn3le
RUSTEES' SALE-1N ACCORDANCE WITH
the terms and under the authority of a certain
deed of trust, duty executed b*- WINDSOR A.
KEEPER, party of the hrst part, to HENRY C.
.CAMPBELL and TKADDEUSB KENT, trust-
ees, parties of the second part, and THE SAN
l- RANCISCO SAVINGS UNION, party of the
third part, dated June 28th, 18.2, and recorded ln
the office o the County Recorder of the conn y of
Alameda, state of California, in liber 445 of deed*,
at pages 441 aud following, and in pursuance of a
resolution pissed on the 1 9th day of November,
1896, by the board of directors of said SAN
FkaNCISCu SAVINGS UNION, a corporation,
and the holder of the note (No. 11.741), to secure
payment of which the aforesaid deed of trust was
executed, declaring that default bad been made In
tbe payment of the principal sum and other sums
due under said note and deed of trust, and re-
questing and direc leg said HKNRY C. CAMP-
BELL and THADDEUS B. KENT, trustees, to
sell the real estate described therein, to satisfy
said indebtedness.
We, HENRY C CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
B. KENT, trustees, do hereby give notice tbat on
FRIDAY, tbe 15ih day of January. A. D. 1897. at
12 o'clock noon of that day, and at the auction sales-
room if William J. Dinger. 460 and 46 i Eighth
street, ln the < ilv ol Oakland, couuty of Alameda,
State of Oai.fornia, we will sell at public auction,
to the highest bidder, for cash in gold coin of the
United states, the piece or parcel of land situate
ln the city of Alameda, county of Alameda, State
of California, aescribed as follows, to wit: ■
Commencing at a point on the northerly line of
San Jose avenu- distant thereon three hundred
(300) feet easterly from the easterly line of Chest-
nut sireet, and running thence easterly along sail
lineofsau Jose avenue one hundred (100) feet,
thence at right angles northerly one hundred and
fifty (150) feet, thence at right angles westerly one
hundred (100) feet, and thence at rignt angles
southerly one hundred and fifty (150) feet to the
pointof commencement:
Being .019 numbers eeven (7) and eight (8) in
the west half (Va), block M, as laid down and de-
lineated on the m-p entitled "Map of Lands Adja-
cent to the own of 1 ncinal, .- lamed- County,
Chi ," surveyed by James T. Stratton, May Ist,
1867," filed May 28th, 1867, In the office of the
t o.inty Recorder of said county of Alameda, to-
gether with tbe appurtenances.
TERMS OF SALE— Cash in gold coin of the
United states; ten per cent payable to the under-
slsned ou the fall Of the hammer; balance on de-
livery of need; and If not so paid,' unless for want
of title (ten days being allowed for search), then
said ten per cent to be forfeited, and the sale to be
void. ' Acts of sale at purchaser's expense,
HENRY C, CAMPBELL, IT.„l T .„. tM .
THADDEUS B. KENT. / ' "-"SO 8 *
■ I
MARRIAGE LICENSES. !7"
I*hn following marriage licenses bave been
issued by the County Cler.'s office:
Timothy McCue and Nellie Dolan. 2""— 29.
J. F. J -elisor- and Lizzie He shl. wood, 4 3—45.
S. E. Levre.-oand Cleil Cadenasso. 24—18-
M. Mazorofskl and sther Levin. 2-'—
51. Mcuulre and Julia Collins 34—
A. Carcopa and Mary Campagna, 21 — 10.
C. t-cniegel and Neilie Grady. 34— 3
J. H. Wi son and Marga-et lomsoi, 43—25
LIKIiiS— MAKRIAGEB--DEjHm
[Birth, marriage and death notices sea' by mall
will not be Inserted, i bey must be handed la a:
either of the publication offices and be Indorse!
with the name an J residence of parsons authorized
10 have the name published ]
BURN. i
BUCK— In this city, January 12, 1897, to the wife
of E. A. luck, a sou.
FALK-January 13, 1897, to the wife of a Falk,
a sou. . ■
JOE— In this city, January 14, 1897, to the
wire of Henry Joe. a daughter.
LOGUE— At Ocean View, January 5, 1897, to the
wlte of Ed ward Logna, a 50n. . ..
WlLSBKY— January 8, 1837, to the wife of W.
Wilsbey, a daughter.
MARRIED.
HARRIS— SCHWARTZ— In this city, January
12, 18H7, by the Rev. M. _.' Levy, Waller Har-
ris of Los Angeles and Ida Schwartz ot Sun
Francisco.
SALOMON— HYMAN-In this city. January 10,
1897. by the Rev. M. S. Levy. Max Salomon
and Jennie Hyman. both of San Fr incise J.
SUTHERLAND— DiLLON— In this city, Jannary
11. 1897. by the K*v. Dr.W.W.Case, William H.
Sutherland aad Lizzie Dillon, ootu of San Fran-
clsca
TOTTEN— WIRTZ-In this city. January 12,
1897, by' the Rev. Dr. W. W. Case, Joseph C
Totten and He. en G. Wirtz, both of San Fraa-
cisco.
DIED.
Abel, George A. Hennessy, Patrick
Parstow. Mary E. Janin. AiexU
Brown. Ros- well J. Jones, William H.
1 anii. Edward King, Tnomas M
Baii^s. Maggie E. Law. on, 'ieorse R.
Berth-au, Cesar Madsen. Christian &
Choriton. Arthur H. Murphy Kate
Evenson, c'uar.es Murphy, Annie
Gomez, t'eorge Paine, Mr-. H. W.
Geio, Wil.ie B. scnoneman, Gus •
(*ev rd-r, Bosa Stark, Gustav
Haskins Rae Cole Smith, Patrick
Hanraity. Annie Scu ly, Mary E.
Het ler, George WatisOD. Margaret C
Ursketh, Maggie Zemansky, Casper
ABEL— in this city. January 13, 1897, George A.,
beiove 1 husband of Mary E. Abel, a native of
Norway, a-i-J 64 ear*.
aa-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
ful y invited to attend tne funeral THIS DAY
. (Friday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from I. O. O. F. Hall,
Market and Seventh streets, interment LO. O.
F. Cemetery.
B.'RsTOff-'ln East Oakland, January 12, 1897,
Mary K. Barstow, a native of Michigan, aged 60
years 7 months and 10 days.
BROWN— In shusaio. January 12,1897. Rose-
weil J. Brown, a native of Boston, Mass., aged
60 years and 12 days.
BANKS— In this city. January 9, 1897. Edward
Banks, a native of Maine, aged 71 years.
BANKS— In this city, January 14, 1897. Maggie
E.. beloved wife of William E. Banks, and only
daughter of Lawrence Cummlngs, a native of
san Francisco, aged 28 years 2 mouths and 4
days.
BERTHEAU— In Hamburg, Germany, Cesar Ber-
theau, aged 76 years.
CHOKLTON— In this city, Jannnry 14. 1897,
Arthur H., beioved son of Johnston H. and
Marie Choriton, a native of San Francisco, aged
2 years 1 month and 5 days.
EVENsON— In this city. January 13, 1897. at
the United states Marine Hospital, diaries
Evenson, a native of Norway, a^eu 41 years.
GOMEZ— In this city, January 10, 1897, George
Gomez, a native of Cape Voids Islands, aged 41
years.
GEIB— In this city. January 13, 1897. Willie
Stanley, infant and beioveJ son of Edward and
Mamie Gelb, a native of San Francisco, a*ed 8
months and 16 days. .
A3""Friends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to atten 1 the funeral THIS may
(Friday) at 1 o'clock p. it. from the residence of
the parents, 701* i«j Treat avenue, between Twen-
tieth and Twenty-first streets. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery. .
GKVERDER— In this city. January la 1897,
, Rosa Geverd-tr. a native or san Francisco, aged
2 rears 11 months and 23 days.
HASKINS— In this city. January 14. 1897, Ras
' Cole, youngest son of J. tV. and Mary Haskins.
a native of San Francisco, a.ed 1 year 5 mouths
aud 20 days. BS*?_E
HANP.ATTY— In this city, January 14. 1897.
Annie, beioved wife of John Hanratty. and
sister Patrick and' Joseph Waters and Mrs.
Mary Joyce, a oativo of the parish Of Lcuth.
County Louth, Ireland, aged 34 years.
HETTLER— January 13, 1897. at the residence
of his parents, I J 3 Taylor street, George only
and ed son of Jo«ep 1 and Louise Hettler
(nee Ku'l), brother of I.v.v aud Emma Hettler,
nephew of Emilia, George and John Kuli and
M.s. M Crauz and Mrs. A. Mohr, and grandson
nt Mrs. L Kuli. a native of san Francisco, aged
8 year* 5 months fend 21 days.
Friends and acquaintances ars respect-
ful y invitet. to attenu the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the First
Baptist church. Eddy street, oetwaeu Jones aod
Leavenworth. Interment L O. O. F. Cemetery.
HESKETH-In this city. January 13. 1897, Man-
gie, beloved daughter of Catherine ani the lata
Joseph Hesketh, and sister of Josepn, Grace,
Walter and the late John W. and Irene Hesketh
and Mrs. A. Rauschenbach, aged 25 years 4
month* and 23 days.
4_TFnends and acquaintances are respect-
fuiy invited loatle .d the fun ml THIs DAY
(Friday), at 2 o'clock p. it., from her late resi-
j dence. 56 Tnirteemh stree., thence to St.
I Joseph's Church for services, commencing at
\ 2:30 o'clock p.m. Interment Mount Calvary
j cemetery.
HENNESSY— In this city, January 14, 1897,
I Patrick, beloved busoaud of Mary Hennessy,
j and brother of John Hennessy, and brother-in-
I law 01 Mrs. John McElroy, a native ot Ireland,
I aged 64 years.
JB.*S* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
I fully invited 10 attend the funeral SUNDAY,
January 17, at 9:30 o'clock A. it., from his. late
residence, 607 Sixth street, hence to St. Pose's
Church, wbere a solemn requiem m ass will be
ce.ebratfd for the repose of bis soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'cioci a. m. Interment Mount
Calvary Cams tery.
JANIN— I- this city. January 13. 1837. Alexis
Janin, brother of Louis and Henry Janin, a na-
I tive of New Orleans, aged 50 years. (Washing-
! ton (I). C.) papers please copy. I
«-The funeral will be held THIS DAY*
(Friday), at 10:30 o'clock 2*.. from his late
residence, 915 Hyde s.re.t. Interment private.
JONES— In this city, January 14, 1897, William
H., beloved sou of Lewis L. and sarah Jones,
and brother of F. Jones and Mrs. Margaret
Smith, a native of Fa timore, Mil., aged 33
years 4 months and 10 days.
KING-In ihlscity. January 13, 1837. Tno-nas
M. King, a native of Detroit, Mich., aged 42
years.
LAWSON— In this city, January 13, 1897, at 125
Clement street, Georga 8., husband of the late
Elizabeth Lawson, and father of Jobn H. and
George H. Lawson aid Mrs Lulu Besson, a na-
tive ot St. John. New Brunswick, aged 68 years
9 months and 2 days. [St. John (New Bruns-
wls-c). Boston (Mass) and New York City
papers please copy. J
ASF", riends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 2:30 o'clock p. m.. from the resi-
dence of his son.George R. Lawson. 123 Clement
street, Richmond district. Interment Masonic
Cemetery. ,
MADSEN — In Mount Eden. January 12, 1897,
Christian E. Mkds?n, a native of Denmark, aged
79 years 7 months and 27 days.
g(g- Friends and acquaintances are respect-
ful y invited to attend "the tuneral THIS DaY
(Friday), at 1 o'clock p. m., from the residence
of his friend, Mrs. C. Bothsow, Mount Eden.
Interment Mount Eden Cemetery.
MURPHY- Inthlsdt-. January 13. 1897. Kate,
beloved daughter of Mary and the late John
Murphy, and sisierof William. Michael. Ger-
trude and Joseph Murphy and Mrs. Henry
EvHns. a native of San Francisco, aged .'6 years.
JKJ-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS i>AY
(Friday), at 11 o'clock a. it., from her late resi-
dence. 114 V-2 Langton street, interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
MURPHY— In thl-, city. January 14, 1397. Annie,
beloved wife of John Murphy, and sister of Mrs.
Eugene Sullivan and Timothy Horigan a na-
tive or County Cork, Ireland, aiei 24 years.
47*Nouceof tuneral uerea't»r.
PAINE— In East Oakland, January 13, 1897,
. Mr*, il annah Wellman Paine, widow of toe late
John Paine, a native of Massachusetts, aged 71
years.
SCHONEMAN— In this city, January 14, 1897.
Gus, beloved brother of R. Scaoneman, a native
of Hamburg. Germany, aged 44 years.
STARK— In Sacramento, January 13, 1897, Gus-
tav Stark, aged 45 year 3.
SMITH— In this city, January 13, 1837. Patrick
I Smith, a native of Ireland, aged 66 years.
SCULLY— In this city. January 13, ISB7, Mary E.
Sculy sister of Charles Markley, a native of
California, aged 28 years 7 months and 6 d yt.
gg~ .-'riends are respectfully invited to attend
the funeral services THIS DAY (Friday), at
10:30 o'clock a. _ a: the parlors of N. Gray A
Co., 641 --acramento street- Interment private.
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
WAT rsON— Tn this city. January 13. 1897, at her
residence, 2915 bacramento street. Margaret C.
beloved wife of William F. Wattson. mother ot
Winifred Wattson, daughter of Winifred ant
the late John Jennings, and slsterof Mrs. K.
Dowle. Mi's. J. B. Nor.'is and Thomas P., Ed-
ward J., > orlne aid Detphine Jennings, a native
I of Baltimore, aged 24 years and 7 months.
OTThe funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Friday), at a :30 o'clock a. __, from her late resi-
I dence, theme to St. Dominic's Church, where a
I requiem high mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock a. it.
I Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
ZEMANSKY— In this city. January 14. 1--97,
Casper, beiov d husband of Jessie Zemans (nee
Waiter), and sua of Samuel and Sa ah Zemau-
sky. and brother of Mrs. J. H. Bloom a id J. H.,
Philip and Sol Zemansky, a native of Detroi.,
Mich., aged 34 years 5 months and 22 days.
•*■*_" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
ing Invited to a tend the funeral THIs DAY
(Friday), at 10 o'clock a. _.. from the residence
of L P. F. Waller, 2104 1 ush street. In erment
Home of Peace Cemetery by train leaving Third
and 'iownseud streets at 11:30 o'clock a. if.
No flowers.
ST. -DOMINIC'S CHURCH BUILDING Asso-
ciation — Tne regular monthly requiem high
mass for the deceased members of tbe above
association, and for the deceased parents and
relatives of the members,- will be celebrated la
St. Dominic's Church. Bush and Sterner streets,.
THIS DAY (rnday), at 9 o'clock a. m.
Friends are Invited to attend.
a■" . ■ —
1 MCAVOY A CALLACHER, I
FONKRAL DIRECTORS _ EMBALM KRB,
SO Flftb St., Opp. Lincoln school.
Telephone 3080.
li-— -—- — — » 'I I-
P.L. GUNTZ. •';-'■ ' H. W. OANTNER.
GANTNSR & GUNTZ,
Funeral Directors and Embalmers.
8 and IO CITY HALL SQUARE.
Telephone South 432.
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN -MATEO COUNTY: NEAREST CEMB*
tery, to the city; non-sectarian ; in no seas* si-
elusive; location unexcelled r- Ottae M*7 Jdaiiuf
•met, southeast corn*-* 0* oiau*.
1314
HAULED FORTH THE
COLBURN SKELETON
Story in Court of the Late
Preacher's Marital
Infelicity.
Attorney Johnston, a Kinsman
of the WidGw, Invades, the
Domestic Closet.
Disclosures in Regard to a Separation
That Took Place Six Y.ars
Age.
The skeleton that hitherto encumbered
the closet of the late Rev. M. F. Col burn
was dragged into the light of day in Judge
black's court yesterday afternoon.
The case came up on the application of
Public Administrator Freese to be ap
pointed administrator of Mr. Colburn's
estate, the property consisting of a library
and other chattels worth about $3000. By
his will Mr. CoJburn indicated that he
wished his property to be disposed oi for
the benelit of the church with which he
was connected at Uie lime of bis death,
and the officers of the church requested
that the properly be put under the con
trol of Public Administrator Freese in
order that the estate might be settled.
I. J. Truman was present in court for the
purpose of supporting the Public Admin
istrator's petition.
George W. Johnston, an attorney from
Riverside, objected to this appointment,
and presented a petition signed by the
widow nominating Mr. Johnston as ad
ministrator and al*-o settin. up a claim to
the property as the widow of tha de
ceased.
Attorney J. D. Sullivan, representing
the Public Administrator, contended that
Mrs. Colburn had abandoned Mr. Colburn
during her lifetime and that she had lost
all interest in his estate. He said that at
the time of the separation Mrs. Colburn
took all the property that he- husband
posses-ed and agreed to trouble him no
more with her presence.
This was warmly disputed by Mr. John
ston, who announced himself to b3 a rela
live of the lady, and he sail that he knew
all the circumstances of the separation;
that the lady had been driven from her
husband's home by bis cruelty, and that
she had been greatly wronged I'}* the state
ments of certain persons connected with
the matter.
Mr. Sullivan here handed the court the
following letter signed by Mrs. Colburn:
San Diego, February 8, 1892.
Whereas I, lola H. Co I barn, am about to
leave the home of Rev. M. F. Colburn with no
intention of ever returning to the same I here
by agree from this date onward to contract- no
bills in his name or make him in any way re
sponsible for my debts. Lola M. Colburn.
"How about that agreement? Do you
dispute that. Mrs. Colburn signed it?"
asked Judee Slack.
"I don't dispute tbe signing of that
contract as that is her signature, but 1
deny its validity and sufficiency in the
present matter for the reason that there
was no consideration for that agreement.
It has been said mat she got a house and
lot in Los Anceles to pay for that separa
tion. I deny that, and I deny any and all
statements that tend in the slightest de
gree to reflect on the good name of Mrs.
Colbnru just as I denounce as false any
intimations that her acts were or have
been in any manner improper before or
after th" separation."
"Didn't Mrs. Coiburn get the house and
lot in Los Aneeu's?'' asked Mr. Sullivan.
"Yes, but she bought it and paid tor it."
'•You don't deny that sue left her hus
band's home as set forth in that agree
ment?" persisted Mr. Sullivan.
"1 deny that she wanted to leave, and I
say she to d me that she was ready and
willing to go back to him if he Pad wanted
her to do so," replied Mr. Johnston.
Mr. Sullivan appeared to be well sup
plied with ammunition, for he at once
laid before the court a letter 'rom Mrs.
Coiburn, d-tei September 10. 1892, couched
in sarcastic term** in which she reminded
her husband of the facts attending their
separation, that she had (hen d*>sjrevt it
to te rinal, anil that she reacted his offer
for a meelinc or interview for any purpose
whatever, though both were at that time
in Los Angeles.
This appeared to surprise and puzzle the
witness to a certain extent, but ne reitera
ted his statement that his kinswoman i ad
been unfairly treated, and contended that
she ought to be accorded the right of
nominating an administrator of tbe estate.
W. N. North testified that Mr. Colburn
had told h>ni of tn-: legal separation and
said that Mrs. Colburn took all the family
property, even to the pictures en the wall.
Judge Slack thought the widow had no
riirht to nominate an administrator,, all
mailers considered, ami granted letter-, to
the Public Administrator, with permis
sion lor -Mr. Johnston tc move further in
tiie case i! ite obtains from Mrs. Colburn
evidence sufficient to war; ant such pro
cedure.
Mrs. Coiburn i 3 now a pbyscian em
ployed in the practice of medicine in New
Yo k City.
Mr. Sullivan expressed regret that any
mention of Mrs. Colburn had been made in
the case, and su^rested that he was not to
blame for any publicity in regard to her.
He remarked that he had no knowledge
of any facts reflecting on the lady, but
that the separation was a fact well known,
and, as it was material to this case, it was
incumbent on him ;o establish the trutu.
That fact did not reflect on either party to
the agreement, as it was a perfectly legal
act and appeared to have come about by
mutual consent.
HORSETHIEVES' WORK.
Two TUffs Stolen From the Street Yet-
terday While Owners Were Busy.
The police are somewhat bothered by
the operations of what is believed to be an
organized gang of horse and buggy thieves
in this City. Two rigs were suddenly
missed yesterday and the Police Depart
ment is now on the lookout* for the ras
cals who made away with them.
A buggy belonging to Lang's Collec
tion Agency was left standing on Mont
gomery street in front of the Mills
building yesterday morning about 10:30
o'clock while the owner went upstairs.
Five minutes later two well-dressed men
climbed in and drove it off. The horse
was a gray animal and the buggy a black
vehicle with an "L" painted on each side.
About noon another horse and buggy were
stolen from tne south side of Market
street, between Montgomery and Kearny.
The owner at first thought that some
friend was trying to hoax him. but later
concluded that it was the work of thieves
and started out to report at police head
quarters.
A number of other losses of this kind
have been reported to the police, and
thus far none have been recovered.
More Tugs of War.
The captains of tug of war teams met
Wednesday evening and determined to have a
genuine international tournament on the old
linos. They called upon D. R. McNeill of Cen
tral Park, the originator of International
tournaments, and asked him to give a tourna
ment. It was stated by Captain Larson, of the
Danish team, that other parties were willing
to give a tournament and offer big prizes, but
thai ii Mr. McNeill would give one, they pre
ferred to do business with him. The teams
represented were the Americans, by their big
anchorman, Thomas. Nolan ; Sweden, by Cap
tain A. M. Planck; Denmark, by Captain Lar
son; Scotland, by Captain 8. M. McGregor ;
Canada, by Captain George Duplissea; France,
by Captain Alex. Barbe; Norway, by Captain
John Johnson. The result of the meeting was
that Mr. McNeill agreed to give a tournament
and put up #2000 in prizes, provided all the
captains and men will slen the rules, which
are to be ready by next Wednesday evening,
when there will be another meeting and the
matter will be definitely settled.
DEATH OF ROBERT PAUL.
A Former San Franciscan Passes Away
in Tucson.
Many friends in this City will be sad
dened to hear of the "death in Tucson,
Ariz., of Robert E. Paul, who passed away
on the 10th inst., after an illness of only
two weeks.
The young man, who grew up in this
City, was 35 years old and was well and
favorably known in Tucson, where he
served in several official capacities He
was at one time constable, and two years
ago was elected to the office of City Mar
shal, serving with credit.
His mother and sitter— the latter Mrs.
E. C. Alexander— reside in this City. His
uncle, R. H. Paul, was Sheriff of Pima
County, Ar /.., for four years and United
States Marshal of Arizona for tiie same
length of time under President Harrison's
administrat on.
Mrs. Paul, his mother, left to attend the
funeral, which took place at Tucson on
Wednesday afternoon.
'-heir Plans* Failed.
United States Marshal Barry Baldwin on
Wednesday evening received a dispatch
I from Deputy Sheriff F. K. Keyes at
j The Needles stating that four Chinese were on
j the Southern Pacific overland train who were
being smuggled Into Ban Francisco. They were
j In a tourist car, and had evidently sneaked
'. across the Mexican border at or near Mojave.
I Acting upon this information Mr. Baldwin
Three of the High Officers Elected by ths Grand Consistory
at Its Session Yesterday. i
sent Deputy Littlefield and Interpreter Gard
ner to meet the new arrivals. When the train
drew up to the Oakland mole yesterday morn
ing the four Chinese were found as expected
and placed under arrest. None had the re
quired certificates. The District Attorney will
at once begin proceedings to have the unwel
come aliens deported.
Hurt by a Lion on Mission Street.
J. D. Burdick has sued Wesley Heidt and his
brother, Charles Heidt, for $10,225 damages
on account of being injured by a lion belong
ing to the defendants. The lion was made of
metal and fell on Mr. Burdick while he was
passing the premises known as 224 Mission
street. He was knocked down and so badly
hurt that he, wag unable to leave his bed for
two months. He considers himself disabled
for life.
Covnmission House Kaided.
All blackboards and paraphernalia in A. B.
Brayers' commission room, 802 Mission street,
were removed last evening by Sergeant Con
boy and posse. They will be used as evidence
against the proprietor in a test case, now
pending, under the new ordinance against
pool and commission rooms lately passed by
the Supervisors.
Attached By Creditor*.
S. Schoenfeld & Co., gentlemen's furnishing
goods dealers at 1208 Market street, were
attached yesterday by George Goettinger, a
collector, on claims aggregating $1078. The
liabilities, are for materials furnished, and
the firm expects to straighten the matter out
at au early date.
Benefit Ball and Concert.
A grand ball aud concert for the benefit of
the Italian school will be given in Garibaldi
Hall, 423 Broadway, next Sunday evening.
Jewki.by store, sto 7 Third street, removed to
303 Kearny ..reel.
THE SAN CISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 15, 1897.
THE CONSISTORY
ELECTS OFFICERS
Colonel C. F. Crocker Is
Chosen Venerable Grand
Master.
Webb N. Pearce Is the Grand
Prior and Charles W. Con
lisk Grand Freceptor.
Grand Registrar Hobe Is R.tained in
Offie. — A Banqu t in the Even*
Impromptu Toasts-
The Grand Consistory of California of
the Ancient and Accepted Scottish Rite
of Freemasonry met again yesterday fore
noon in the Masonic Temple.
The forenoon was taken up Jn receiving
the reports of tho several committees to
whose care the day before had been re
ferred the reports of the grand registrar,
grand treasurer,. and on chartered bodies
and discussing matters of importance
only to the members of the body.
At the afternoon session tne important
business transacted was the election of
the officers who are to serve for the ensu
ing year, and subsequently the installa
tion of both the elected and appointed
officers.
The officers elected are the following
named:
Charles F. Crocker, thirty-third degree, San
Francisco, grand master.
WebbN. Pearce, thirty-second degree, of Oak
land, grand prior.
Charles W. Conlisk, thirty-second degree,
of San Francisco, grand preceptor.
« Charles Augustus Wagner of San Francisco re
elected grand constable.
Louis Meyer of San Francisco re-elected
grand admiral. *WF*a^kTa*Wße*'
Charles Lewis Patton, thirty-third degree, of
San Francisco, re-elected grand minister of
state.- irjiULllni|JfJ.illl-iitmi rotfiil
Columbus Waterhouse, thirty-third degree,
of San Francisco, re-elected grand chancellor.
Charles Edwin Gillett, thirty-third degree,
of Oakland, re-elected grand almoner.
George John Hobe, thirty-third degree, of
San Francisco, re-elected grand registrar.
Lippman Sachs of San Francisco, re-elected
grand keeper of seals and archives. *
Samuel .Wolf Levy, thirty-third degree, of
San Francisco, re-elected grand treasurer.
The following are the names of the offi
cers appointed by the grand master-elect:
George Patterson "thirty-third degree), grand
primate; John L. M. Shelterlcy, grand master
of ceremonies; Frank Koenig, grand expert;
Damien Edmond Fortin, grand assistant ex
pert; August Louis Ott, grand beausenifer;
Thaddeus Benning Kent, grand bearer of
battle flag; Albert H. Merritt, grand master of
the guard; Ernest K. Head, grand chamber
lain; Zachary T. Gilpin, grand ward; John
Williams, grand aid-de-camp; John d'Arcy,
grand tyler.
At the, evening session the applicants
whose petitions were presented at the first
day's session were. admitted and the de
grees were conferred upon . them in due
and ancient form, and the grand master
announced the standing committees for
the ensuing year.
There being no further business to
transact the \ box of fraternal assistance
was passed and the Grand Consistory of
California closed in full form, after which
all. present marched to the banquet-room,
where the grand master presided, and the
follow-in- is what was discussed:
' .MENU. '• -i'.)^-~i I
Grand Consistory, Happy New Year,"*'
Masoni ; i emDlc-. January 14, 1897.
" i- .'•' Bouillon in capt.
Kastern Oysters a la roulette.
BKUBH-8.
Olives. Pickles. sanleil«s Salted Almonds.
.Fresh Butter. Small French Rolls.
SALADS.
Chicken a la Mayonaise. Shrimps en Bellevue.
HOT KNTHKKS.
Chicken Saute aux Champignons. Petit Pols.
COLD ENTRI.KS. .
Dupee Ham Asnice. Pate de Fole Gras Gelee.
Smoked Beef Tongue.
COLD ROASTS.
Young Turkey, Cranberry sauce. Teal Duck,
Apple Sauce.
ENTREMETS.
Vienna Torten. ■ :--L " . Almond Torten.
icecreams.
Charlotte Russe, Neapolitan (In bricks),
Lady Fingers.
Petit Four, Macaroons .Small Fancy Cakes.
Fruit.
B -d_» s Hard Crackers, Koquefcrt and Swiss
-,<•, .:> Cheese. ■.-;*: ■ >"; . : '
- it* '(•off ee. Cigars.
Wines— Haute Sauterue- Champagne— White
Seal and Jobaunls.
During the evening there were im
promptu toasts and responses, and a quar
tet composed of J. R. Oi*ilvie, first tenor;
T. K. Wittich, second tenor; L. A. Lar
sen, first base, and J. R. Jones, second
base, rendered the following selections:
"Sally in Our Alley," arranged by Shat
tuck; "Spring's "Delight," "Youth Is
Merry." A. W. Jones gave "Down Among
the Dead Men" as a solo. The harmo
nious festivities were kept up until a late
hour.
Colone^ C. F. Crocker, thirty-third de
gree, the venerable grand master, took his
first degree in California Locge, F. and A.
M., March 28, 1888. He joinec' California
Chapter, R. A. M., May 22 of the same
year. On March 15 of the following year
be received the degree of Knight Templar
in California Commandery, but before
this, on the 14th of September, 1888, he
was received into the Scottish Rite, and
was advanced to the thirty-second degree
in January following. Subsequently the
thirty-third degree was comerred upon
him. -7 -•,
He was on many occasions tendered
office in the order, but declined all
until yesterday, when he permitted his
name to be presented for the highest
office of the California Consistory. Colonel
Crocker is a native of Sacramento, where
he was born in 1854.
Webb N. Pearce, thirty-second degree,
K. C. C. H., the grand prior, became a
Mason by joining Oakland Lodge, Free
and Accepted Masons, in 1878. After
that he joined Oakleuf Chapter, Order
of the Eastern Star; Oakleaf Chapter,
R. A. M. ; Oakleaf Council, R. and
S. M. ; Oakland Lodge of Per
fection; Gethsemane Chapter, Knights
I . » TT* • .
I Roe Croix; De Molay Council, Knights
! Kadosh, and then the consistory. He is
I past high prießt of Oakland Capter, R. A.
I M. ; thrice illustrious master, of Oakland
I Council, R. and S. M. ; past venerable
I master of Oakland Lodge of Perfection;
| past wise master of Gethsemane Chap
j ter, K. R. C. ; past commander De Molay
I Council, K. X.. and past patron of Oak
.leaf Chapter, 0. E. S.
Charles W. Conlisl*;, thirty-second de
i gree, entered the order as a member of San
Jose Lodge No. 10, F. and A. M. He is a
nienioer of San Jose Chapter, 0. E.S.;
Howard Chapter, R. A. M. ; San Jose
Oommandery, California Council, R. and
S. M.; Yerba Buena Lodge of Perfection;
Yerba *Bnena, Knights Rose Croix, God
frey de St. Omar Council, Knights Ka
dosh, and Grand Consistory..
TWO LIVES END AS ONE
An Octogenarian Husband Sur
vives His Loving Wife
but Six Hours.
After a H pp7 Uaion for N ar!y F.fty
Y^ars Joan Mockler and His
Wife Die Together. \
A strange funeral notice appeared in the
dailies of this City on Wednesday, run
ning as follows:
MOCKLER— Tn this city. January 11, 1897,
Klei'nor, beloved wife of John Mockler, a native
• of County Cork, Ireland, aged 1 85 years. Also
* Jobn. beloved husband of the late Kleansr Mock
-0 ler, a native of t'ashel, County 1 ipperary, Ire
land, aged 96 years. [Eastern papers please
copy 7 '.■,■:•- /.v
This aged couple lived together for many
years, rearing a family of thirteen chil
dren ; then, . growing weary of life,, laid
Gown - its burdens together as if nature
had ordained that one could not survive
the other's deat: .
So closely interwoven were the lives, of
this nappy couple that when the aged
wife died, after an illness of but a few
days, the husband, stunned by the shock
of his companion's death, fell ill and sur
vived her but six hours. .
Mrs. Muck. died of something akin to
pneumonia and, though the physician's
certificate does not say so, John Mockler
died of a broken heart. ' He never revived
or had ambition to fight the battle after
he learned that In* life companion lay in
their little home, 222 Duncan street, cold
in death. Both were up and apparently
as well as usual a week ago, but both now
sleep in Holy Cross Cemetery. . It was al
ways their wish that ' they die together,
and strangely it came true.
THEY FEAR NO
INVESTIGATION
Golden Gate Park Commis
sioners Court an
Inquiry.
They Make Positive Dmas of
Allegations of Loose
Management.
Meeting of the Late Grand Jury Com
mittee to Prepare a Report
to the New Body.
Park Commissioner John Rosenfeld
makes a general and positive denial of
the allegations made by certain members
of the last Grand Jury regarding the
management of Golden Gate Park. He
declares there is no foundation in fact for
these charges, and joins the other Com
missioners in calling for a Grand Jury in
vestigation. ..
"I don't think it is worth my while to
go into this business," he said last even
ing. "If the Grand Jury wants to have
an investigation of the park management
we are ready at any minute, and it will
find the Commissioners only too eaeer to
give it all the help possible. Everything
in connection with Golden Gate . Park
management is regular and done in a
businesslike manner.
"The law does not require the commis
sion to advertise for bids and make con
tracts with lowest bidders. We buy care
fully and intelligently, after getting prices
from several houses. If Mr. McLaren
wants anything he buys It at the lowest
market price from one of the best business
houses. When bids were presented for
the new concrete bridge, he said, 'I can
get a lower figure; these are too high,'
and the estimates were rejected. This is
the truth of the concrete business.
"With regard to the statement that
something was wrong in the coal bills
let them investigate it. There are tickets
for every ton of coal delivered and not an
extra ton was paid lor. We can show the
receipts at any time for every ton. A
clerical error was made in the books, but
the tickets were correct. The 'dealer
who supplied the coal has told rae that
be is anxious for an investigation and
wants to po before the Grand Jury about
the statement connecting his name with
the matter.
"These people raise a rumpns about a
pump that was bought. It was settled*
that a Dow pump was what we needed,
and Mr. Scott, my colleague, attended to
it. He ought to know a little about ma
chinery, and I suppose we could depend
upon his selection. Then there was no
choice in the style of pump and we had
tbe price list to guide us.
"Mayor Sutro had bis. expert, George
Gaden out at the park for months, and
he made a thorough inquiry. , He will tell
you that everything was straight as a
string. Other grand juries have been
through the mill, and now the books are
open for examination.
"So far as the concrete bridge is con
cerned I'm sure I cannot say how many
cubic feet of concrete are there. I don't
pretend to be able to keep track of the
work, not being a scientific man. How
ever, we have given the matter into an ex
pert engineer's hands, and in a few days
he will tell us the exact condition of it.
We are on the safe side here, for the
builder has not been paid in full. The
Government engineer has made a favora
ble reDort on it, and stated that the con
crete was of good quality and cheaper than
that sold to the Government.
"I am sorry that these charges should
'have been made, as they reflect to a cer
tain extent on Mr. McLaren and his man
agement. There is not a more honest or
capable man to be found in any public
office than Mr. McLaren. I know from
long experience. Take him out of the
nark to-morrow and it would go to pieces.
We had another man three years ago when
I was a commissioner before this term; he
did nothing, but McLaren has done won
ders." - ■■■-rTv:
Superintendent McLaren made a state
ment yesterday in reply to the charges.
"Instead of paying an excess for the con
crete bridge,* $400 was saved over all esti
mates," he said. "In digging for the
foundation walls it was supposed that
the earth through which the workmen
went would be. all of one consistency.
This had not been the case. Soft places
were found, and it was deemed necessary
to thicken the walls and go deeper, and
this required the use of more concrete.
Lieutenant Potter, who had examined the
work, said it was not only good, but cheap.
The fear that the walls would not be
strong enough, judging from the condi
tion of the ground, rendered it necessary
not only to thicken the walls nnd thereby
use more concrete, but it also necessi
tated the use of anchors, and all this cost
money. The extra amount of wall put in
amounts to 4000 cubic feet."
The superintendent was of the opinion
that the coal supplied the park was not
fed to the emus, though the park had coal
to burn.
. There was a meeting last evening at 120
Post street of the romraittee appointed by
the late Grand Jury. James C. Nealon
was chairman, and W. L. Ashe, August
Diucker and E. P. Farnsworth were
present. C. C. Burr was unable to attend.
The investigation of park matters was dis
cussed ani a long report prepared for
submittal to the Grand Jury. It was ex
plained that the report was not quite
finished when the late . Grand Jury was
dissolved.
E. P. Farnsworth said: . "I am not pre
pared to say but that the Park Commis
sioners have done their best. I don't be
lieve that with their knowledge any
crookedness or irregularities have been
countenanced."
The report repeats the charges already
made public by the committee, and it will
be presented to the Grand Jury to-day or
to-morrow.
Francis Leaves for Washington, D. C.
G. M. Francis, editor and proprietor of the
Napa Register and Republican elector from
California.'left last night to carry the elec
toral vote to Washington, D. C. He was ac
companied by Mrs. Francis and will be absent
about a month. Mr. Francis will visit his old
friend, EL Clay Evans, in Tennessee, will per
sonally call on President-elect McKinley at
Can toil, and he and Mrs. Francis will finally
visit for a little time at their former home In
Wisconsin. '-.••'■-
Academic Athletes' Banquet.
The Academic Athletic League of California
will give its first annual banquet to-night at
the Hotel Metropole, in Oakland. The league
embraces most all the larger , preparatory
schools of the State and has among its mem
bers many promising young amateur athletes,
as demonstrated at field days held during the
pas We years.
Foreclosure of Mortgage*.
Stephen A. Born has sued Otto Gross and
Clara Gross for the foreclosure of a mortgage
on a lot on Twenty-fourth street, near Dia
mond, for the sum of $1800 and interest.
Born has also sued to foreclose a mortgage on
Castro street, near 'twenty-third, for $1300
and interest, due from Louis Bo«se and wile.
British Benevolent Society.
The British Benevolent Society during the
month of December investigated and acted
upon 902 applications for assistance, and ex
pended $212 40 in relief and $355 50 in
Christmas donations.
NEW TO-DAT— DRT GOODS.'
CLEARANCE SALE
BARGAINS
FOR TO-DAY'S TRADE!
As an extra attraction for the Bargain-Day patrons of our
Great Clearance Sale we this morning offer the following very
seasonable lines __, •
AT A SPECIALLY HEAVY SACRIFICE!
EMBROIDERIES! EMBROIDERIES!
100,000 yards CAMBRIC GUIPURE
EMBROIDERY, regular price 7}_c 9*
a yard, special sale price DC
150,000 yards CAMBRIC and NAIN-
SOOK GUIPURE EMBROID-
ERY, regular price 10c and l->_c a C„
yard, special sale price Ol
125,000 yards CAMBRIC and NAIN-
SOOK GUIPURE EMBROIDERY,
regular price 15c a yard, special rl^
sale price * -C
200,000 yards CAMBRIC, NAIN-
SOOK and SWISS GUIPURE EM-
BROIDERY, regular price 20c a lA*
yard, special sale price 1 "0
175,000 yards CAMBRIC. NAIN-
SOOK and SWISS GUIPURE EM-
BROIDERY, regular price 30c and *j r^
35c a yard, special sale price 1 0Z \
I MEN'S FURNISHINGS.
M| Aft 1 About 35 dozen, the balance of our 25c and 35c TECK AND FOUR-IN-
I VU I HAND SCARFS, some slightly soiled, will be closed out at loc each.
Mini. I 76 dozen MEN'S HEAVY MERINO SOCKS, fall finished, with double
at 1 u2C I spliced heels and toes, regular price 25c, clearance sale price 12>_c a pair.
M£~ . I 42 dozen MEN'S HEAVY CAMELS-HAIR UNDERSHIRTS and DRAW*
vOZ I ERS, silk finished and warranted thoroughly shrunk, regular price $1 'lot
clearance sale price 65c each. > ::-;', -.
fff/ MJ^ MURPHY BUILDING, /
{/If Martet Street, Comer of Jones, /
San. Francisoo. _
NEITHER KNOWS DEFEAT.
Fierce Football Match To-Mormw at
Central Park Between Icel
and Y. M. «J. A.
The little lightweight football team ot
the San Franc'sco Y. M. C. A. that in the
three years of its organization has played
thirty-five matches without . ever losing
one will try a desperate chance on the
Central Park gridiron to-morrow after
noon. It will play the much heavier
eleven of the Lick Polytechnic School.
The contest will be one heightened by
old rivalry, by petty jealousies and by the
determination of each team to maintain
its record of no defeat this season. . •
Game will be called at 3 o'clock. Lieu
tenant Hinckley of the Presidios, who has
gained a reputation as an official in recent
big matches, will act as referee and Can
tain Ransome of the University of Cali
fornia Varsity team will be umpire.
The same teams met about a year ago.
Over 1500 people witnessed the game.
Y. M. C. A. won by a single touchdown
and goal after a hard struggle. Since then
both teams have greatly improved. Both
have a good season's record to look back
upon. Since then also Specht, end, and
Hewson, fullback, have left the Lick
eleven, after a general misunderstanding,
and are now among the stars of the Y. M.
C. A. team.
This transfer has created a bitterness
among the Lick men that may be physic
ally demonstrated during the scrimmages
and the hard tackling.
The Lick team looks expectantly for
ward to this meeting as a chance to
settle all old scores and to vanquish for
the first time in it 3 history the hereto
fore invincible Christian Association
team, that justly claims the lightweight
championship of the coast.
The Y. M. C. A. expects the hardest
match it has ever had, but is quietly hope
ful that its perfected team work may
again carry the day.
. 'Following are the players as they will
face each other, together with the stripped
weights of each:
Licit School. Position. Y. M. C. A.
Spanish. 132 L. K. R... .....Specht, I*9
Wilson, 146 I* T. R....CaDt. Bymmes, 146
i^murr, 312 L. O. R.. Holcombe, 1 41
Keating, 190 C Linden, 144
Sargent, 165 ...' R. G. L Pray, 145
Peck, .'3s K. T. L... Kenney, 143
Woodworth. 133 R. E. L .-.Keeler, 114
Forbes, 135.. Q...... Redlcan, 108
Hamilton. 155 1. U. R Davidson, 145
Wilson, 166 R. tu _.... Jack Miller, 118
Hubbard. 142 F. Hewson, 132
164 pounds.. Average stripped weight.. 132 pounds
SEVEN VIOLENT DEATHS.
Coroner Hawkins Holds Inquests in
Cases or Accidents and Suicides.
Seven inquests were held by Coroner
Hawkins yesterday. In the case of Charles
Weber, whose body was . recovered from
the bay on the 10th inst., a verdict of sui
cide was returned. A similar verdict was
returned in the case of Frederick dv Jar
din of 149 Taylor street, who on the !Kh
took a dose of carbolic acid and died in
the patrol wagon while on the way to the
Receiving Hospital.
On January 10 Mrs. Anna Barket, who j
lived at 1460 Vermont street, died in the j
German Hospital from blood poisoning, j
resulting from self-inflicted injuries. The j
jury decided that the woman alone was :
responsible for her death.
Robert Crawford, a native of Scotland. j
60 years of age, ended his life on January I
9, by turning on the gas in bis residence i
at 1067 Mission street. Suicide was the i
verdict.
Last Monday Kaspar Burri, a miner 60
years of aye, made a tragic exit from this I
life. Suicide was the verdict. '
No less tragic was the suicide of George |
E. Dwight, the aged millwrieht, who, on 1
the Bih inst.. cut his throat in his room at |
110 Sixth street' A diet in accordance ;
with the facts was returned.
William McKinney, who worked. in the '
W* stern Meat PacKing Company at |
Baden, died in the City and County Hos
pital on the 9th inst. from burns caused
by his falling into a vat of hot fat at the
HOSIERY AND -UNDERWEAR.
100 doz n LADIES' BLACK MACO
COTTON HOSE, high spliced
heels, double soies and toes, Herms-
dorf dye, worth $4 per dozen, on f -
special sale at per pair lOC
50doz-n CHILDREN'S CAMEL'S-
HAIR VESTS, high neck, long
sleeves, non-shrinking, regular a- _
price 50c each, on special sale at. . ■ *)•_•
75 dozen LADIES' JERSEY RIB-
BED EGYPTIAN COTTON
FLEECED VESTS. hit*h neck,
long sleeves; ankle length drawers
to match, worth 50c each, on *pc- fc)* «
cial sale at ■ C
CORSETS ! CORSETS !
63 dozen LADIES' ENGLISH SA-
TEEN CORSETS, extra long
waist, high bust, two side steels
each side, handsomely embroi-
dered with silk flossing and made
witn patent loop eyelets, black
and drab,* regular price $1 50. iM A A
Clearance sale price -$Itvv
works at Baden. The Coroner's jury cen
sured the employer in failing to post
rules In the premises relative to the open
ing and closing of the vats. It is under
stood in that establishment that when the
cover of one vat is off, the covers of the
other vats must be closed, but the rule is
not always observed.
CORRAL HOLLOW MINES.
Stockholders Decide to Issue Horns in
the Sum of 9500,000.
A largely attended meeting of the stock
holders of the San Francisco and San Joa
quin Coal Company, the corporation
which owns extensive coal fields known
as the Corral Hollow mines, was held at
the office of the corporation in the Safe
Deposit building yesterday.
By unanimous vote a resolution was
adopted authorizing the creation of a
bonded indebtedness to the amount of
$500,000, and the issuance of bonds there
for in the sum of $1000 each, payable
twenty years from their date and bearing
interest at the rate of 6 per cent per
annum was authorized.
The resolution further authorized the
making of a mortgage upon the coal
mines and all .the properties 0 - the cor
poration to secure such bonds. In a few
days the board of directors will meet and
proceed to act upon the authorization of
the stockholders.
More Rlythe Matters.
John W. Blythe of Fulton, Ky., and Henry
T. Blythe of Arkansas have filed in the United
States Circuit Court an amended and supple
mental bill in equity in their Action against
Florence Blytre Hinckley, Frederick W.
Hinckley, her husband, the" Blythe Company
and Boswell M. Blythe cf Downey, Cal. The
latter is made a defendant nominally in order,
as it is stated, to preserve his rights. Tbe
complainants in the amended bill went all
over the Blythe case and added several minor
matters that they evidently considered to be
desirable to place before the com t, but In the
main the amended bill is very similar to the
original riled several weeks ago. •:■.; ">* •;
K_*tC TO-DAT.
_____"_____V»!ll
____=^___mr
That's It
That's the food-drink thai gives
health and nourishment and
animal heat ; comparative food
tests at Berkeley show that
Ghirardelli's
COCOA
contains far more nutriment
than meat, eggs, fish or vege-
tables; twice the fat forming
elements of steak, three times
that of eggs.
32 cups 25c. At Grocers