VOLUME LXXXI.— NO. 89.
CUBA'S FRIENDS
FILLED WITH
ENTHUSIASM.
The Committee Appointed by
; Mayor Phelan Holds a
Rousing Meeting.
C M. SHORTRIDGE PRESIDES.
J Ringing Speeches Made by Well-Known
Business and Professional Men — Sub-
Gommittees Appointed to Arrange
for a Demonstration.
:■ • Ringing words in freedom's name that ]
■■ "found a .spontaneous response in en
<husias;ic applause were spoken last even
in^ at the meeting of the commif.ee of
tifty-e ght appointed by Mayor Phelan to
arrange for a mass-meeting to give the j
people of San Francisco an opportunity of j
expressing tneir feelings toward the j
patriots ol Cuba.
.. T-.he very mention of free Cuba seemed
"fo rind a responsive chord in the hearts of \
iho?e present, and staid old business men j
c'ar>ped their hands and tapped their j
canes on the floor and cheered the elo- j
q'vient speakers who demanded that San [
Erancisco get In line with the rest of
America and reach out a helping baud to
. the Gem of the Antilles.
Solid men of the community from al
most, every walk of life responded to the
cail for the meeting. Merchants, bank
• ers, attorney?, physician'--, journalists,
•public officials and others sat side by side,
and vied with each oiher in their eager
ness to do something for the cause.
■ Tlie meeting was held in California Hall,
■ an Bush street, near Powell, and was
called together by Faun E. Ma»cherini
and Jotiu 11. Jones, the pioneers in t;.e
Gub.an movement in this City.
: ' Among those present were: Gavin Mc
>'nb. James D. Phelan, A. P. Van Duzer,
Fisbcc Ames. Charies M. Shortridge,
Joseph Leggett, Henry E. Highton,
.Kobert Ferrai, Gen°ral Salomon, Georee
T. Gaden, .Major W. Fahey, Fau't E.
Mascherini, John H, Jones, R. P. Clement,
H. B. Masters, A. Meyer, John H. Lyons,
D. B. Cunningham, Frederick Staude and
'many other.-.
- '• Tne platform at the north end of the
ha-11 was tastefully decorated with Ameri
can flags, but the meeting would have
'.been earnest and enthusiastic had It been
■ held in asandlot, and before the gathering
..dispersed there was not a man present
' .but felt that he bad enlisted his time and
_. energies in a noble cause.
/Charles M. Shortridge called the meet
■ me to order by nominating General E. 8.
• .-Salomon for chairman in order, he said,
10-get down to business and show the Cu
.'l-ba'n sympathizers that the committee was
. alive and ready to take action.
. . General Salomon declined the honor on
■.■' Vthe ground he was not altogether familiar
.with the movement and that the men
•who had originated the Cuban League of
. . San Francisco and called the meeting
.. were present and could fill the office
.. better.
.President Jones of the Cuban League
■ then stated that Mayor Phelan had prom
•. ised to be present and that It would be
' more fitting to await his presence, inas
much as tie had appointed the body that
. ■ w*s gathered together.
• • "We hart gathered here," he said, "for the
purpose of expressing our sympathy lor Cuba
and tor oatriots in their struggle for freedom
•and independence from the cruelty, tyranny
and oppression of Spain; to devise ways and
• 'means whereby San Francisco in particular
ami California in general may materially
assist them in obtaining that for which tney
• •' struggle and to map out a plan whereby these
' ■"' objects may be the more readily accomplished.
.'"As I look around this hall and see so many
.. < : -an Francisco' 6 influential citizens, etch of
_ 'i'l.ose face glows with unmistakable sympa
'.i'i»y for'that oppressed and down-trodden peo-
I there remains not a doubt in my mind
V .\vhe,n Cuba's banner is floated to the
■vw.rM as that of a iree and independent re
public tne Cuban League of San Kr«neisco will
. .'• r©Kt proud of the :act ihat Cuba's gratitude is
. extended init.and thai ii has assisted inacnuse
•thai !-as the sanction of the liberal-minded
.• portion of the civilized world, and the success
. . of which was preordained by Almighty God.
*'Asa movement such as this will require
.' lftucn labor, patience and consideration, you
•".•will, no doubt, pardon me if I suggest ■ few
• things that may assist you in your delibera
.' . tions.
. "A systematic effort should be made to raise
' sufficient funds in or ler that mau-rial as-iist
' • Kjice maybe given toward procuring for ihe
' soldiers of Cuba provisions, medicines and
ihedical attendance, etc., all of which are so
efwntlal to a people engaged in bloody
. -combat.
: tnch leagues should be organized in every
County, of the State so that there will be co
stive action between every section of the
i-'tate'and thereby spread the feeling for the
■ cause of Cuba.
: "Resolutions should be drafted protesting
bgainst the indifferent attitude and policy of
. the present administration of tne United
States, and requesting Major McKiniey to
; adopt a vigorous policy iv the Cuban affairs,
aiid immediately after his inauguration, or as
•■ ' n thereafter as possible, to grant bel.lgerent
': rights to the Cubans and to demand the in-
Siaiit release of all American citizens confined
*-tti Cuban prisons for political offenses.
"Gentlemen: A great duty lies before us, one
/. E«.which the good we "will do will become a
■ ?rt of history; my coulider.ee in your honor,
m' 'iity and integrity convinces me that you
• # Ti'ill not be found wanting In our efforts to
" /assist Cuba to become free. When the great
struggle is ended and Cuba Libre is a* recotr
■ 'niz d republic of the world, there will come a
" sound from that region below the Gulf which
will say: Long live the Cuban League of San
Francisco."
Rob-rt Ferrai suggested that the Mayor
might be late in arriving, and that in or
der to begin the business of the meeting
The San Francisco Call
] it would be best to appoint a chairman
and secietary at once and get to work.
He said that tie knew of no one who
would better till the chair than Charles M.
| Shonridee, the editor and proprietor of
; The Call, the paper which had taken up
the movement from the start and made it
i no-sible to get such a representative gath
j erine together. He nominated Mr. Shor;
--: ridge for chairman, and the election was
• made by acclamation.
Mr. Shortridge thanked the committee
I for the honor and called for nominations
j for secretary.
Mr. Mascherini, the secretary of the
i Cuban sjmpathizers, wa3 nominated, but
| declined on the ground that hi 3 business
would not permit him to attend to the
j business of both the Cuban League and
i the committee.
Mr. Jones, president of the Cuban
! League, was nominated and elected unani
mously.
Chairman Shortridge stated that the
, object was to organize the sympathizers
J with Cuba in this City for the purpose of
- giving them substantial ard moral aid,
that the yoke might be thrown
off and Cuba admitted to the family of
: republics.
Henry E. Highton was called upon for
< suggestions as to the course of the com
mittee. He stated that his lack of
familiarity with the subject would not
permit him to suggest, but that he
I wished to heartily express his sympathy
with the struggling Cubans. Organiza
tion, he said, was necessary to give the
movement an impetus, ana the question
was how far mij:ht the committee go
j toward helping the patriots without com
i ing into a clash with the relations now ex
isting between the Governments of the
j United States and Spain.
Mr. Shortridge sugsested that the com
i mittee begin on the lines suggested by
tne call lor the meeting. He said that the
! selection of the executive committee was
] the first step to be tnken.
Mr. Highton moved that an executive
committee of rive be appointed to confer
with the Mayor and call another meeting
to arrange for a great mass-meeting.
Gavin McNab said that the committee
should be cautious about calling a mass
meetinE until those who were to address
the gathering had bad time to prepare
; themselves so that they could not only
talic to the sympathizers with Cuba, but
convince those wno were not.
A. P. Van Duzer said that there was no
use in waiting to gather information. The
I Call, which had started the movement,
had given all the information necessary.
i What the committee should do was to
move as quickly as possible to affect the
release of American ctizens in Cuban
dungeons.
This idea caught the members of the
committee, and was met with hearty ap
plause. Mr. Van Duzer moved that fif
teen members be appointed to organize
and prepare for a mass-meeting.
General Salomon said that the time to
act wai now. The Cubans were not insur
rectionists, but revolutionists, and had
Dattled Spain, her armies, navy, gold and
influence, and shown that they could
hold their own. They ought to be recog
nized and at once. A fight for liberty
should have the support of every Ameri
can citizen, he said, and San Francisco
should not lag behind.
Robert Ferrai was in favor of immediate
action, and he said that it was not the
time to talk about figures.
"Cuba," he said, "wants liberty, and we
want nor to have it. The Cubans have
fought and bled end died for liberty, and
it is time that the American people arose
in their might and demanded freedom for
the patriots."
Mayor Phelan entered at this time and
state i that he had appointed thp commit
tee at the request of earnest and enthusi
astic sympathizers of Cuba.
"I am thoroughly in accord with the
sentiment that gave birth to this com
j mittee/ he said. ''The end has come to
Spanish tyranny in Cuba. They will be
free, and it was the example of America
that nerved them on to fight. American
sentiment is with the struggle for liberty,
and it cannot be stayed now. The time
has come when liberty's banner is waving
and it will ever wave over free Cuba.
1 Even this remote community should not
! be left out of the procession that will wel
, come free Cuba.
"This Cuban matter is an American
matter. It should have our ready sym
pathy and action. We ought to have a
! big mass-meeting to help the Cubans and
j bring California in line."
I Joseph Leggett said that he hoped time
would be taken to make tbo mass-meeting
a vast success. He had no doubt that
those who arranged the matter would
have eloquent speakers, and men who
were able to lay the matter thoroughly be
fore the people ready to send the move
ment alone with a boom.
"I believe it is of the utmost importance
that we should stir up the sentiment in
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 27, 1897.
favor of Cuba that is dominant in this
country," he said, "though it may be dor
mant.
"The American people have the liberty
of Cuba in their hearts, and while the art
ministration may be siow to move, the
citizens of this country are not, and they
have already shown by their action
throughout the United States that they
are ready to act."
He offered an amendment to the origi
nal motion that the committee to be ap
pointed bo given us own time to arrange
for the mass-meetine. This was carried
unanimously and Mr. Shortridee named
the following committee:
James 1). Phelau, Henry E. Highton, Robert
Ferrai, A. P. Van Duzer, Gavin McN'abb,
General Edwnrd S. Salomon, Joseph Leggett,
Major W. F.ihey, R. P. Clement, George T.
Gaden, H. B. Master>. John F. Lyons, John H.
Jones and Fisher Ames.
On motion of General Solomon, Charles
M. Shortridge was made a member of the
committee and Mayor l'helan an honorary
member of the general committee.
Joseph Lecgett moved that the com
mittee of tifteen be asked to co-operate
with and as£ the co-operation of the
Cuban League of this City. The measure
was carried unanimously.
A. P. Van Duzer was elected secretary
of the committee of liiteen, and General
Salomon moved that a sub-commitee be
appointed to arrange a general plan for
the mass-meeting and report back to the
committee of fifteen. This was carried,
and the chair appointed Messrs. McNab,
Gaden, Salomon, Ferrel, Clement.
The chair was also made a member of
the committee. This sub-committee will
meet on Tuesday evening at the Occiden
tal Hotel and will report to the committee
of fifteen on the following evenins at the
came place. 1 tie meeting then adjourned
to the call of tbe chair.
Araone those who sent letters of regret
at not being able to attend the meeting
was Adolph Sutro, who wrote as follows:
Office of Aholph Sittro,)
30 MOKTOOMKXY Block. S
San Francisco. Feb. 23, 1897. t
Hon. James D. Phelan, City Ifa'l, Kan Fran
cisco — Dear Sir: Many thenks for the honor of
being appointed on the committee of fifty to
organize a branch of the Cuban League in this
City, but it is impossible for me to attend any
meetings, as my whole time is entirely occu
pied with various matters. Very truly yonrs,
Adolph Sutro.
I. J. Truman wrote as follows:
Columbian Banking Company, \
Mills Building, 236 Hush street. }
San Francisco, Feb. 26, 1897. )
John H. Jones, President Cuban League, 9006
Mason street, City— Dear Sir: Yonrs of Febru
ary 22 is received. I find it impossible for me
to attend the meeting to-night, much to my
regret, as 1 am in full sympathy with the
movement and will do all I can to aid you in
the struggles of the Cubans for freedom.
Regretung 1 cannot be witn you, I am, yours
very truly, I. J. Trcman.
The Cuban movement is extending
through the country day by dar, as cvi
deuced by the letters received at the
Cuban League headquarters. The follow
ing self-explanatory letter came yesterday
from George W. Stewart, one of the pub
lishers of the Visalia Delta:
Visalia, Cal., Feb. 25. 1897.
Fcnrt E. Mateherini Esq., San Fravcitco, Cal.—
Dear Sir: From Colonel Nearny I learned this
morning of the location of the Cuban League,
of which you are secretary.
Cuba, has many sympathizers here, and al
though our town is not large we may be able
to do something for Cuba's cause, if you care
to have branches organized in other than the
large cities.
At your convenience would like to hear from
you concerning your organization ana to
know bow we can be of any assistance here.
Yours for Cuba libre, Geo. W. Stewabt.
A XlVß.ltEHt.li STILL SCHEMES.
Walling* Btghemt Price for Itttail* of
Pearl Jtryan'a Murder
CINCINNATI, Ohio, Feb. 26. — Scott
Jackson, who, with Alonzo .Walling, will
bang March 20 for the murder of Pearl
Bryan, is writing a confession which, it is
reported, will be forthcoming in two
weeks. He will nell it to the highest bid
der and expects $10,000 for it
A Cincinnati newspaper-it is said, has
already offered $5000 for *\aeltson's con
fession, telling wnerePear Aryan's head is
and how and where she m' r her death. It
is stat d ' that Jackson h.?&j some one on
the outside who has the ] '' >er to make a
MOSLEMS DEMAND
CHRISTIANS' BLOOD
Made Bold by the Policy of !
the Powers They Pa
rade Canea.
Ishmael Pasha Circulates False
Stories to Inflame the
Turks.
Greece Refuses to Withdraw the
Army of Invasion From the
Island of Crete.
CANEA, Crkte, Feb. 26— Most of the
foreign warships that were tying in the
harbor here have left and gone to Soda
Bay, where there is a better anchorage
than here. It is likely, however, that
their presence here will asrain be required,
as the situation has become more critical
than ever before, and it would not be sur
prising if a conflict should occur.
In one respect the interposition of the
powers has had a bad effect, in that it has
led the Moslems to believe that Europe is
back of them in the:r combat with the
Christians. As a resnlt there are this aft
ernoon 8000 Moslem fighting men, besides
the Turkish soldiers, all heavily armed,
parading the streets of the city and de
manding the blood of the Christian dogs
who have dared to question the rights of
the Turks to rule them.
The combined forres that have been
landed by the several powers number
only 800 men, and it is believed thai with
out the aid of the warships they would
prove of no avail in preserving order in
the city.
The popular passion has been added to
by Ishmael Pasha, the acting Governor,
who has circulated false stories to the
effect that the Greek troops are mutilat
ing Moslem children. The Governor
knows these stories are untrue, and ap
parently his only object is to create among
the Moslems deeper hatred of the Chris
tians and to further excite the t'esire for
revenge. He is carrying matters with a
high hand, and it is likely that the powers
will have to intervene.
Accompanied by an armed body of
Turks he left Candia to-day and occupied
strategic positions in the vicinity from
which he attacked the Christians, causing
serious losses to them. The commanders
of the warships remaining in the harbor
protested to the Governor asrainst his
breaking the armistice, but the protest
was unheeded. The admirals command
ing the foreign fleets hay« been notified of
Ishmael's action, and there is much specu
lation as to the course tney will pursue.
LONDON, Eng., Feb. 26.-Tbe Athens
corre-pondent of the Times telegraph
that Prime Minister Delyannia has in
formed him that Greece's determination to
retain her army in Crete is irrevocable, but
that the troops will abstain from the of
fensive. They will only protect Chris
tians. Greece will not declare war against
Turkey unless the Turks invade Thessaly
or the powers render the position of the
Grenk troops in Crete unbearable.
The correspondent adds that the Roman
Catholic Archbishop of Athens had tele
graphed to the Pope, asking his Holiness
to mediate between Greece and the powers.
ATHENS, Greece. Feb. 26.— The popu
lar indignation against the great powers
shows no sign of waning, and if the people
hold their way they woul 1 fight with
arms in thrir hands against the combined
forces of Europe in defense of their right
to protect the Christians in Crete. It is
not alone among the people that this feel
ing prevails.
Parliamentary and official opinion
strongly favors resistance to the demands
of the powers. The joint note addressed
to the Greek Government has not yet
been delivered and the delay is unex
plained. Only the Ilusjian, Austrian and
German Ministers have been instructed
by their Governments concerning the
note.
It is reported that one of the powers has
withdrawn from the concert. If this is
true it wiil leave matters in statu quo and
will br ak up the concert, the efforts of
which have been directed toward over
awing Greece by threats.
TRAGEDY AT SALT CREEK.
One Man Dead and Another Dying as
the Rtsult of a
Joke.
OGDEN, Utah, Feb. 26.— As the result
of what was apparently a joke, J. W.
Lewis is now lying almost dead and John
Nichols entirely so at Plain City. About
a week ago Nichols playfully took a watch
from Lewis' pocket and laughingly said,
"I guess I'll keep it." When asked to re
turn it he smiled and walked off. He
came to Ogaen and pawned the watch and
when asked by Lewis to return it He only
laughed.
Lewis discovered lhat the watch bad
been pawned and swore out a warrant for
Nichols' arrest for petty larceny. Nicdols
heard of it and this morning, taking a re
volver, he started for Salt Creek, where
Lewis and several others were working.
"I'm eoing to settle that waich busi
ness," he said, and fired, the ballet sink
ing Lewis in trie back. He then returned
to nis home, put a bullet into his forehead
and almost immediately expired.
Lewis is 20 years old and a Southerner.
Nichols was 22 and was born in Plain
City.
HOW THE COHLISS ACT WORKS.
Had Jlloott Bettceen Canadians and,
Amtricana on the llortti r.
NEW YORK, N. V., Fob. 26.— A Snn
special Jrom Toronto says: Canadians
have been complaining about the United
States law regarding alien labor, which
prohibits persons living on the Canadian
border from going into the United States
and returning in the evening. It is said
that the Canadian Government will pass
a retaliatory law touching Amer.cans
coming into Canada.
The Globe, the Liberal organ, has sent
a reporter to investigate the matter, and
some interesting stories are told of the
inconvenience Canadians are suDject to at
Windsor, owing to the Corlhs act. There
is bad blood on the border and the former
friendly feeling has passed away. Cana
dians crossing the river to Detroit to visit
have been turned back, because it was
thought i hey were gome across to work.
It is sail at Windsor thai nearly as
many Americans find employment on the
Canadian side as there are Canadians who
cross the river to work on the American
side. A count of the number crossing
from Detroit durintr the hours of 6 to 8
was 197. or tturty-e:ght more than rrossea
to Detroit during the same time Wednes
day. The Cor.iss act does not interfere
with women crossing, and many of t. c
Canadians crossing are stenoirrapners and
saleswomen of Windsor employed in
Detro>t.
If the Canadian Government passes a
law to retaliate, more American-* would
be affenetf than Canadians. There are
some L'UOO American citizens now in t lie
mining districts of Western Ontario and
British Columoia, and besides there are
several Americans engaged in the Cana
dian lumber camps who would come
under such an act as it is proposed to pass
II ill Be Ifistinctly American.
ST. LOUIS. Mo., Feb. 26.— 1f the horo
scope of the McKinley administration by
Julius Ericson, the young astrologer ct
this city, is fulfilled the President-elect
will have lour yearsof excitement. Among
other tbines Ericson says:
"If McKinley's inauguration takes place
at 12:45 mere will be gmve danger of the
country drifting into war. There will be
cold comfort for the Democratic party in
ail this, because they will not be able to
win four years hence.
"The opponents of Major McK.nley as
sert that tne policy of the administration
will be decidedly in favor of the trusts,
corporntions, plutocrats ami money-grar.
bers. I be« to differ with them. The
Astrological indications point to the con
trary; in fact, there will bo a general
breaking up of plutocratic organizations,
which will necessarily redound to the ben
etit of the masses.
"The administration will be distinctly
American, and startling news may be ex
pected from Washington from March 18
to 20. Martial men and martini measures
will be to the fore."
ALL UNITED
FOR THE NEW
POSTOFFICE
Business Men, Labor and the
State Legislature De
mand It.
RESOLUTION BY THE SENATE.
Joint Meeting of All the Business Organiza
tions to Be Held March 4 to
Take Action.
Supervising Architect Aiken will probably revise his beliefs in the
matter of the San Francisco Postoftlce. Mr. Aiken is the man who
makes plans and has to do with details mthe constructing of postoffices.
In an interview published in THE CALL on Thursday he said that the
date upon which work would be begun on the San Francisco Federal
building was "very indefinite"; that the engineers had "certain prob
lems to solve" concerning the site before it could be determined what
kind of a building might be erected upon it. This, after the site had
been definitely accepted and Mr. Aiken had himself made his plans,
and they also had been accepted.
San Francisco and the State of California have grown impatient
with this halting and are about to see that a period is put to it. The
Postoffice and Federal building is long since due. The work undertaken
now would come in the form of a special blessing to the congested labor
market. Completed, the building will give a home to the Federal courts
and to the postal authorities in keeping with their necessities and the
dignity of the City.
The agitation of the subject by THE Call seems to have been
all that was necessary to awaken not only the City but the whole
State to an expression of the impatience under which they have been
chafing for years. Indeed the Chamber of Commerce has several
times made a demand for action in the matter, and a letter of inquiry
from the Merchants' Association is even now discovered to be on the
way. These inquiries and protests have hitherto been filed away by
the Secretary of the Treasury, or whomever they may be addressed to,
and the inquirers are expected to accept and be satisfied with Mr.
Aiken's vague explanation about problems that have to be solved by
the engineers.
But this is different. The organizations representing every busi
ness interest in the Ci + y have united in a demand that the work shall
be begun at once. The Labor Council of this City and County last
evening added its protest and claim for consideration. The State
Senate has passed a resolution of emphatic protest against the delay,
coupled with another demand. Our Senators and Representatives are
called upon by these bodies to be diligent in looking after the business,
and, not satisfied with this, Congress will be asked to appropriate a
quarter of a million, to be added to the quarter of a million already
I available, in order that, once begun, the work need not be checked for
lack of funds.
This temper is likely to see an end to the dawdling over problems
that have long ago been determined and of which determination the
authorities at Washington were long ago given the proofs. San Fran
cisco is sick of playing the ignored suppliant while cities of much less
importance have their needs, so far as the Federal Government is con
cerned, supplied for the asking. San Francisco is the metropolis of the
West, and her postal and customs business is immense. Siie requires
suitable quarters in which to transact that business, and she will see to
it that she be given them.
The high fence that surrounds the site at Seventh and Mission
streets has been a blight on that neighborhood quite long enough. The
interest on the cost of the lot would almost pay for the building had the
money been otherwise invested.
A joint meeting has been called of the Manufacturers and Pro
ducers' Association, the Chamber of Commerce, the State Board of
Trade, the Board of Trade of San Francisco, and the Merchants' Asso
ciation, to be held in the rooms of the Chamber of Commerce on the
4th of March. While the ceremony is going forward at Washington, in
augurating a new President, a new and more energetic administration,
the men who represent San Francisco in the fullest sense will be gath
ered in this City to prepare to place before that administration San
Francisco's most urgent demand upon it. The work should be done in
a manner that will not leave it open to more than one interpretation.
In the meantime let the petition to Congress for a further appropri
ation be circulated and signed. No further time should be lost.
A MONSTER MASS -MEETING
Five Large Commercial Bodies to
Petition the Authorities to
Hasten the Work.
On Thursday, March 4, there will be a
grand meeting of the members of rive of
the largest commercial and industrial
bodies on the Pacific Coast, in the Cham
ber of Commerce, at 2p. m. The purpose
of this gathering will be to prepare a
petition to be forwarded to the authori
ties at Washington asking that every
effort be made to get the work on the new
San Francisco Postoffice started at as
early a day as possible; also to netition
Congress at its prospective extra session
to appropriate a quarter of a million dol
lars more, in order that when the work is
started there will be no delay for the lack
of funds.
This decision was arrived at yesterday
at a meeting in tne Manufacturers' and
Producers' Association rooms in the
Mills building that was composed of rep
resentatives of the leading commercial
and industrial bodies. Julian Sonntag,
president of the Manufacturers' and Pro
ducers' Association, presided. Hugh
Craig, president of the Chamber of Com
merce, represented that body. The Cali
fornia Stcte Board of Trade was repre
sented by Vice-president J. S. Emory and
Manager J. A. Filcher. J. R. Freud of
the Merchants' Association represented
that body. Colonel John P. Irisn, one of
the Postoffice Site Commissioners, was
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
there also. A. A. Watkins, president of
the Board of Trade of San Francisco,
telephoned that business prevented him
from being present, but h9 understood
the nature of the movement and was in
sympathy with it.
Mr. Sonntag gave a brief explanation
of the objects of the meeting and said that
tno matter of thp erection of the new Kan
Francisco Postoffice is being agitated. He
said that if the organizations there repre
sented should join hands in concentrated
and concerted action he believed that
something might be accomplished. There
is no use for any single body to undertake
to set th» ball rolling, if ull would per
form their parts the very nature and back
ing of such a petition as the one suggested
would certainly be felt In Washington.
With a large sum of money already in
hand it would be very desirnble to start
the work as quickly as possible. The ex
cavation for the foundations could at least
be made.
Colonel Irish, by reason of his posi
tion and having recently bsen to Wash
ington, was able to give much informa
tion upon the subject. Colonel Irish was
evidently of the opinion that the reason
the work on the Postoffice was not begun
long atro was because of the attitude of
the people of San Francisco if their posi
i tion could be determined by utterances of
certain newspapers \n this City, for he
said: "I was in Washington only a short
time ago and called upon Secretary Car
lisle and upon the supervising architect Oj2
the -treasury,, and the position San Fran
cisco has placed itself' in in tbe eyes of
those at the capital is that of a semi-oar
baric people. I will show you how.
"Two years ago Secretary Carlisle was
intending to start the work of building
the new Postolfice here, and word to that
effect, soon reached this City. What
was the result? Immediately after the
Examiner of San Francisco came out
with columns denouncing the site as unfit
for such a structure and declared that the
site was a bo^hole and that the masons
could not build the walls last enough to
keep the last row of bricks above the sur
lace, so fast would, the whole structure
sink. Even editorially the paper declared
that the building should never be placed
oh the site selected. ' The Keport took up
-the matter in the same v in. These edi
torials and local clippings were sent by the
dozens to the Secretary in letters, in which
the writers, basing their assumptions upon
this newspaper rot, advised Mr. Carlisle
not to let the work be done there.
"The result was just what might be ex
pected. The Secretary quit then and
there and said that he would not be re
sponsible or tase any chances upon mak
.ing a mistake that involved so many hun
dred thousand dollars of the Govern
ment's money. As I said these papers
and the people of this City are wholly re
sponsible for this lone delay in beginning
the construction of this Federal building,
.and not the architect nor the Secretary.
The latter showed a desire even after re
' ceiving these newspaper clippings and the
letters to do all that he c uld and had a
board of military engineers rebore the
• ground all over the postoffice lot and the
report showed that tbe foundations would
be as good as any in the City. In other
■words, good and solid. On another occa
sion the Examiner published articles in
which it sail that we do not need such a
building south of Market street and these
. clippings were also sent to the officials at
Washington, which did not in any way
hasten the work contemplated.
, "Then again the plans of the building
have been attacked by people in this City.
"I brought nul a prospectus view of the
"new Postoffiee and put it on exhibition. j
It was at once denounced by Willis Polk i
as being unsightly and having the appear
ance of a cross between a Madison-square j
boarding-house and a brewery. He stated
that his opinion was shared by the editor
of the American Architect, but that gen- j
tleman wrote to me and he indorsed the I
plans as good. So you see the people j
themselves are to blame for all this delay.
The Secretary of the Treasury could not
consistently go on with the work with ob
jections to the plans and the stability of
the foundations seriously questioned. '
"Years ago I showed that the Seventh- !
street lot was never a bog, but to the cor.- I
trary that there was a hill forty to sixty ',
• feet high over the present site. I even
produced the affidavits of the men who
graded the lot to its present level for
•Pope & Talboi."
• J. A. Filcher at this point made an ex
cellent suggestion by saying: "Admitting
all thi3 to bs true would not a petition '■
-and request from our combined respective
bodies counteract the impressions made at j
Washington? Tie members of our several ;
commercial and industrial organizations j
ar. 1 the representative citizens of San !
Francisco, and a strong petition from us:
would impress the officials at the capital I
with the true sentiments of our people. '
This should be our object in dealing with '
.this proposition, ana it would pave the '
way to our getting what we want from
the Federal Government, and without
much delay, I think."
Mr. Emery— l am of the same opinion |
as Mr. Fiicher. By showing in the way I
•indicated that the true sentiment here is j
friendly instead of hostile to the project i
we could no doubt get the work of exca
vating for the foundation started very
soon.
Chairman Sonntag— l am sure that with |
such an understanding our several bodies i
would take up this matter in earnest and j
that our friendly attitude, as representing !
the true and unselfish sentiments of the j
people of San Francisco, will show Secre- <
tary Carlisle exactly how the representa- i
tive people of this City view the situa
tion.
Colonel Irish — If this matter is taken i
up in such a manner and in such a spirit j
vonr wishes can, I am sure, be gratified. I
Ca.ll together the members of your organi
zations, pass appropriate resolutions and
draft a petition to tha Pacific Coast Sena- j
tors and Representatives and to the Sec- !
retary of the Treasury as to what is j
wanted. There will no doubt be an extra i
session of Congress called for about March
12. Have the Pacific Coast representatives
ask for an additional appropriation of
about $250,000. There is on hand now
available about $240, C0D. With these two
sums of money there would not be any |
necessity of stopping the worn after it is
begun, waiting for the next regular Con
gress to act upon such an appropriation
as I suggest.
Hugh Craig stated that he was convinced I
that the plan offered would meet with sue- '
cess. He is sure that there will be much !
less delay, he said, in this work than is
anticipated. The Chamber of Com
merce, of which he is the president, has
had this subject under consideration on
several occasions and much corre
spondence has passed between the cham
ber and Secretary Carlisle. The last
letter upon this subject sent to the Secre
tary was in the nature of an inquiry as to
the present situation upon the entire
Postc ftice proposition. To that the follow
ing self-explanatory letter was received :
Treasury Department, >
Office of tit* Secretary, >
Washington, D C, December 1, 1896 )
JUr. Uriah Craia, Vreaidrnl the Cham
ber of Commerce of San I'rnncitro, San
Brunei a, Cat. —
Sir: Referring to your communication
.of July 31. 1890, relative to the Inade
quate facilities of the present Pnatofflce
building in your City, and requesting
'the early commencement of the con
struction of the proposed Federal build-
Ing in' San Francisco, I have to advise
you that 8 lire, the receipt of your letter
the sketch plan* of this building- have
been completed »nd approved, and the
working drawing* am now being pre
pared with the view of obtaining pro
posals for trhe work at an early date.
'.Respectfully your*,
W. K. CURTIS, Acting Secretary.
. "'This letter," said Mr. Craig, "indicates
HOW THE SITE WAS CHOSEN.
John P. Irish Explains Why the Seventh-Street Lot Was Considered
Most Eligible.
The several reports of the commission transmitting to the three
Cabinet officers the sites offered, described each, located them all upon
an acompanying map and gave the superficial area in square feet and
the price per square foot. In each report we indicated our judgment of
the eligibility of the sites in the order in which it appeared to us. We
merely nominated the sites, and the Postmaster-General, Attorney-
General and Secretary of the Treasury elected upon our nomination.
A part only of the present site was first offered, and because of its in
ferior area was not rated by us first in eligibility. Its area was subse
quently largely increased, and in our last report we rated it first in
eligibility. r JOHN P. IRISH. ,
to me that tbe work can be taken up with
out much delay or trouble. lam confi
dent that if we place tbe matter properly
before our representatives at Washington
they will be able to secure the desired ap
propriation, so that the work will go on
continuously, and not be delayed until the
next regular "eusion of Congress."
"That being the general sentiment,"
said Chairman Sonntac, "it will be un
derstood that we call for a mass-meeting
of the Chamber of Commerce, the City
Board of Trade, tbe State Board of Trade,
the Manufacturers' and Producers' Asso
ciation and the Merchants' Association to
take up the matter upon the plan sug
gested. I hope every member will attend
and show what the true sentiment of Ban
Franciscans really is."
Mr. Freud said that the Merchants' As
sociation, as indicated by the board of di
rectors, is favorable to the project, but
that at the last meeting it was decided
to send to Congressmen Loud and Ma
guire asking for information as to the
cause of tbe delay. An answer is ex
pected by mail, but as the movement is
now making such progress he would ask
for this information by telegraph, and bis
body will no doubt act upon the matter as
soon as the answ«y> are received.
After a little discussion it was decided
that the joint mass-meeting of the five
organizations will be held in tbe Chamber
of Commerce on Thursday, March 4, at 2
p. m. The calis of the several presidents
upon the members to be present r.t that
gathering will be sent out on next Mon
day and Tuesday.
LEGISLATORS ACT.
The Senate Unanimously Passes
Wolfe's Resolution Demanding: a
Federal Building.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 26.— a
unanimous vote the Senate to-day passed
Wolfe's resolution calling on the Senators
and Congressmen at Washington from
California to take steps that will cause the
issuance of orders to begin work at once
oh tbe proposed new Postoffice and Fed
eral building at San Francisco.
I There was a special caucus of the Re
publicans of both houses this morning to
consider the abolition of the rule prohib
iting the introduction of any measure but
revenue bills after the fiftieth day of the
session of the Legislature. While it was
admitted that the rule was in contraven
tion of tbe constitution of the State it was
decided to retain it.
In view of this decision Wolfe changed
his resolution so as to make it a simple
Senate resolution instead of a joint reso
lution, by striking out the words "the
Assembly concurring" in the first resolu
tion, which left it to read:
Whereas, There has been inexplicable and
apparently inexcusable delay on the part of
the Federal authorities at Washington, D. C,
in ordering the commencement of work on
the Postoffice building to be constructed on
the site already purchased at the northeast
corner of Seventh and Mission street*. San
Francisco, and for which there is now $210,
--000 available for immediate use in the treas
ury of the United States; and whereas, there
is a large numb?r of unemployed men in San
Francihco, who have gathered there from all
parts of the State and who are anxious
and clamorine for an opportunity to earn
a living by honest toil, and who would be af
forded the opportunity the* desire if this work
were begun at once; au'i, whereas, the
construction of a new Postoffice at San Fran
cisco is. a necessity demanded, not only by the
commercial needs of that City and the entire
State, but will be a boon to every section
whose mail must pass through that City;
therefore be it
Resolved. By the Senate, that our Senators 111
Coueress be instructed, and our Representa
tive* therein hi requested and urge 1 to take
such action as will cause the proper authori
ties at Washington, D. C, to issue the neces
sary orders to have the work of constructing
the San Francisco Postoffice -building begun
forthwith; and be it further
Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions be
forwarded to said Senators and Representa
tives in Congress by the Secretary of the
Senate. • . •■-
In this form it was received and read by
the Seer -tary. Wolfe moved its adoption
and Voorheis seconded the motion. Wolfe
spoke to the resolution as follows:
"This resolution is the expression of the
sentiments of the people of San Francisco.
It is well known to those people and tne
rest of the people of the State that San
Francisco has no Federal building worthy
of being so designated. It is the largest
commercial center of the Pacific Coast
and should be shown more consideration
than has hitherto been accorded it at the
National Capitol.
"If this resolution is adopted it will
hasten the action of the Federal authori
ties, and tbis means that It will give work
to the hundreds of unemployed now seeK
ing avenues of honest employment in San
Francisco. It also means, if tbe Federal
authorities are induced to act, that proper
mail facilities wiil be civen the business
men of San Francisco and of the entire
State.
"San Francisco has poorer accommoda
tions with reference to its Federal busi
ness than any city in the United States,
and its Postoffice accommodations are in
ferior to those of a city one- tenth its size.
Sacramento and Carson have Federal
buildings that they can be proud of, but
San Francisco, by reason of the inactivity
of its representatives in Congress and the
unexplained discrimination against her
»t Washington, has been unable to get
recognition, and I know that if this reso
lution be adopted it will hasten the neces
sary action and give us what we so much
need."
Senator Mahoney advocated the adop
tion of tbe resolution. He said:
"I heartily concur in the resolution
offered by my colleague, and know that it
meets with tde approval of tbe ptople of
San Francisco. Tbe site for the Postoffice
was "purchased two or three years ago, nnd
there is now over $200,000 in the treasury
of the United States, remaining out of
this purchase price, which is available for
the construction of the building. For
some reason or other it has never been
offsred to San Francisco. I hope that this
resolution wiil meet with the approval of
this Senate."
Senator Seawell favored the adoption of
the resolution in the following words:
"It affords me pleasure to indorse the
resolution offered here in the interest of
San Francisco and the country that is
tributary to it. That City in the line of
public buildings Is not .up to that stand
ard that it ought to be, and has not re
ceived that recognition by the Federal
Government that it ought to have receivea.
"San Francisco is one of the most im
THE SAX FRANCISCO CAi^l, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY C JT, 18H7.
Perspective View of the New Postoffice Building, From the Latest Sketch.
portant ports in the world. Ban Fran
cisco deserves more than it is asking for
in this direction, and I heartily concur
with these gentlemen in this suggestion;
and I would further suggest that if this
policy were pur.-ued and continued by the
people of this commonwealth the waves
of the great ocean that sing a constant
lullaby to the couriers of commerce that
leave our shores would be bearing on their
bosoms a much larger number of these
white-winged carriers. I hope this reso
lution will be adopted, and by a unani
mous vote."
Thirty-one Senators voted on the reso
lution and not a dissenting voice was
beard.
THE ARCHITECT AWAKE.
WASHINGTON", I>. C, Feb. 26.— The
supervising architect of the Treasury
has evidently heard from some of the
San Francisco people, for THE CALL.
correspondent learned to-night that he
ii at last making extraordinary efforts
to push ihe San Francisco Postofflce
building- plans to completion and to
commence work as soon as possible.
Senator Perkins and Representative
I. oud, in response to urgent request
from THE CALL, will use every effort
to induce the Treasury Department to
commence -work this *pring. They do
not hope to be able to do anything,
however, until the new administration
is installed.
LABOR COUNCIL IN LINE.
Will Urare That the Work on the
Postoffice Be Bsgun at Once.
The San Francisco Labor Council, which
is the central body of the local unions,
has taken up the Postoffice matter. At
the regular meeting last evening Secre
tary Rosenberg called attention to the
situation and said that to have tne work
on tbe prorosed Federal building begun
at once would afford creat relief to
a large number of laborers and me
chanics cf all kinds. An extra session
of Congress will b3 called under the
new administration, and the Pacific
Coast representatives in Washington
would be able to do much toward obtain
ing a fair-sized appropriation from Con
gress in addition to that already appro
priated or left over after the purchase of
tbe San Francisco site.
Delegates Hawks, McArthur, Robbins
and others spoke in a similar vein. The
matter was referred to the law and legis
lative committee of the council, which re
tired and a little later returned with the
following resolution, which was unani
mously adopted.
WHEKEAS, The Postofflce facilities
of San Francisco have for many years
been very inadequate and a cause of
great inconvenience and a commercial
loss; and whereat, there is in the hand*
«f the Treasury Department of (he
United Sta'es tho sura of 8240, 000 left
over from the appropriation forth* pur
chagt* of the Site for the lostoffloe at
San Francisco; and whereat, there is
now a season of unxxainpled distress
in San Francisco, and that work on the
Postofflce would furnish employment to
a largo number or mechanics; therefore,
bo it
HfMnlt-fd, By the San Francisco Labor
Council in re B ul:»r sevnion assembled, on
February 26, 1897, That our represen
tatives and the authorities in Washing
ton be earnestly requested to use every
• ffort to expedite t <i«. beginning of this
most necessary public work; and
Brmolreil, That a copy of these resolu
tions be forwarded to our represent*
tives in Congress and to the authorities
in Washington.
NO REASON FOR DELAY.
W. H. Mills Says That If Wa Want a
Government Building We
Should Have It.
W. H. Mills, laDd agent of the Southern
Pacific Company, said:
If the Government of the United States in
tends to construct a Urge Government build
ing, popularly known as a "Postoffico build-
Ing," but which in fact will be & home for
Government offices, such aa Federal courts.
Federal land offices, incidentally some of the
offices connected with the revenue services ot
the United States and the Postofficc, now
would be the best time tn the world in which
to expend the money, not oniyb. cause gov
ernments arc bound to consider the condition
of the people, but because the same money will
go farther, expended now. tnau when prosper
ity is restored.
In addition to the fact that the expenditure
of Government money, which must sooner
or 1r ter be expended, and a Urge percentage
of which is now on hand, would relieve the
distro-s of the unemployed, it is also obvious
that now wouM be an excellent timo in which
to spend that money. In short, if ihe Govern
ment is going to build that Pos'.office they
might jnst as well do it now as at any time,
• nit better.
However, the construction of a great post
office building is an anachronism. In all
cities of Europe ana America the branch post
office is just as much an independent post
office as the main post^flice of any city. Alia
general postoffice building is used for is to
distribute ihe mail In such a way that it may
be sent directly to the branch offices in the
city. What the Government should have done
was to have built a imull general Postoffice
building and constructed, as they were needed,
branch Posiofflce buildings for the use of the
districts wnich they serve, and serve as abso
lutely as the postoffiea At Stockton or Xapa
serves the town. Now, take Loi.don for ex
ample; the necessity for a building in tnat
city is not greater than it is at Los Angeles or
Sacramento. The postoffice districts ot London
are so well known ihat letters are addressed to
them by district, and- the district postofflce
serves exactly the purpose that »postoffice
buildings serve the towns of the State. Ttie
time was when a p stofflce building vas
visited by the people, but that was before you
had the carrier system, beforo you had the
branch postoffice system and before yoa had
what is called "the railway mall service," by
which tbe matter is distributed into sacks ad
dressed to branch postoffices.
Let us illustrate this with a familiar exam
ple. The mail for this building, if properly
addressed, never passes through the Postoffice
at all. Oar mall that we send on t never sees
the Postoffice in San Francisco. It is distrib
uted by clerks ia the service of the railway
mail service on postal cars into sacks and de
livered directly here. This ia the case with
all tho branch offices. The mail is delivered
directly from the distributing office on the
trains to the branch offices in the cities and
sent by carrier to the proper address. This
eliminates the Postoffice building ior postal
purposes. We may safely predict that the San
Francisco Postoffice building will be the last of
its kind. At the same time the Government
has determined upon the policy of building a
great buildin? for postal services in San Fran
cisco. The suggestion that it will cease to
have the uses to which the same buildings
were devoted in times past h*s no practical
bearing on the case on hand, and tbe time to
build it Is now.
It is a matter of much surprise to Eastern
visitors that San Francisco has no Govern
ment building, and it is a matter of difficult
explanation why there Is a good postoftice
building at Sacramento nnd none in this City.
It is hardly fair to attribute this lack of at
tention to the Postoffice building to tbe inef
ficiency of the people who have represented
this City in Congress. I, for one, am disposed
to think that it has been due to the dissensions
among our own peopie here in San Francisco.
The City has been represented by men of large
ability and great efficiency. Horace Davis and
Charles M. Clayton might be named iv this
connection, besides Senator Aaron A. Sargent,
who waa tbe most efficient Senator tde State
ever had, and who exerted himself frequently
on benalf of San Francisco's Fostoffice build
ing. A peculiar fatality has atteuded the un
dertaking since the first. There is no apology
at the present time, however, for delay in tbe
construction, except the mere dilatoriness of
the officers of the Government who have
charge of this construction. They have the
necessary appropriation and a site has been
selected and conveyed. There is co reason
now why the construction of the building
should not be proceeded with.
I want to say this: If The Call succeeds by
the agitation it has raised in securing tho con
struction of this building It will be an addi
tional Uluifrntfon of the already recoguized
fact that an energetic newspaper is better than
a Congressman.
FURTHER TESTS.
Piles to Be Driven and Heavily
Weighted In Four Deep Pits.
The report of the local military en
gineers who last year had charge of what
was the second test of tbe ground for tne
new Federal building has not yet been
made public, though it was filed sorce time
since in Washington. It is given out
*emi-officially, however, that it was favor
able to the erection of a heavy structure.
A complete test was not made owing to
lack of funds, only $30C0 having been
originally available for the use of both
commissions.
Four large square holes were dag to a
depth of from titteen to twenty feet under
what would be the positions of the four
corners, or heaviest parts of the building.
At a depth of fifteen feet below tbe sur
face of the ground yellow sand containing
small particles of iron was found in all
cases. It was the same kind of sand found
at lesser depths and on tha surface.
Tbe tests mad* in the four pits con
sisted in placing sixteen tons of pig iron
upon a board fitted into the bottom of tbe
pit after the water had been puniped out.
After the first compression there was no
settling. Water was stiuck in all of tbe
pits, and samples of it still on exhibition
in the military engineer's office here in
dicate that some of the pita furnish clear
well water. The water level in the different
pits was not tbe same. It varied from a
foot to two feet.
The lowest point of the deepest founda
tion of the building would, it is stated, be
13.84 feet above tbe plane of tbe City
directrix, or tide water level.
The complete test contemplated tbe
driving of two piles into the bottom of
each pit, and then placing upon them a
weight not of only sixteen tons but of
eighty lons of pig iron.
This conclusive test will be made when
an appropriation is obtained sufficient to
defray the expense of the piles, the rent
of the pig iron and of the piledriver, and
the cost of labor. Such a test can, it is
asserted, be easily concluded in six weeks.
The four pits are now simply covered over
with boards awaiting further operations.
LOCAL MERCHANTS SPEAK.
All Want Work on the Building to
Begin at Once.
Among the merchants the sentiment in
favor of urging ibe matter of beginning
work on the new Postoffice building is
unanimous. All are heartily in accord
with the views of The Call, and few for
got to say bo.
"This matter has been delayed entirely
too long," said George W. Raphael of
Raphael Bros. "In my opinion the prin
cipal fault lies with our delegation in
Congress.
"They are the men to urge this project.
It is their dnty to strain every nerve to
see that the matter receives immediate
attention.
"The ground has been paid for, and
there is a large surplus in the treasury.
It should be used at once as a starter.
"'Jhk Call has, with its usual Tim and
foresight, taken voluntarily upon Itself
the duty of securing the Postottiee in the
uear future, and I hope its efforts will
bear good fruit."
"You can count me in on anything that,
will help to awaken the Federal official*
from their lethargy." said Henry Froh
man, a member of tne firm of Kohlbcrg,
Strauss <fe Frohman. "and it is a grand
idea of Thi Call tr step forward and di
rect the attention of the people to the fact
that they are not in receipt of something
lone due.
'•I am very much In favor of doing
everything that can be done. For that
matter everybody else feels the same way.
It will put many men to work at once.
If there is anything we need here much
more tnan a chance for the worthy poor
to earn bread I am ignorant of it.
"If The Call urges this matter force
ful;y, as I have no doubt it will, some good
wiJl result. Tnere can be nodoubt of that.
The construction of this building should
j have been begun a long while ago. If we
I are not going to have it pretty quick it is
our right— nay, our duty — to demand a
good and sufficient explanation."
Charles Keiiusof the Hub was emphatic
in his views and wasted no time in ex
pressing them. "Sorely in need" of a
postoffice is the way he put it.
"The quicker the work is begun the bel
ter," he said, "'lhe present quarters are
an outrage on a city of 300.000 inhabitants.
They are fit to be exhibited to strangers
as a monument of ancient days.
"The Call is one of the foremost jour
nals of the day in everything thai relates
to enterprise, and if it stays with its fight
it will not be long till we will have a post
office to be proud of."
"There fs no question but that the con
struction of the Postoffice would do the
town a vast deal of good," said N. P. Cole
of the California Furniture Company.
"We are talking about taking up sub
scriptions for the poor. Well, in my
opinion, if the Government is unable to
start our Postoffice we had better take up
a few subscriptions to help it along. Un
cle Sam can help the workmen of this
j City a great deal ys<t at present.
"We may have men at the head of the
Government in a week or two who will do
something. When we have paid for the
site, tt:e plans for the building have been
adopted, and there is a surplus to our
credit in the treasury, I fail to find any
good excuse for delaying the work. The
fact that Thk Call fails to find any either
| serves to strengthen that opinion."
"There can be no two opinions in tne
matter," asserted Quincy A. Chase of the
firm of Kohler & Chase. "The construc
tion of the building snould be begun at
once.
"San Francisco has yielded a big reve
nue to the Government and it seems
strange to me that while third and fourtn
rate towns in the East get postoffices we
are left out in the cold.
"The site has been paid for and is lying
there useless. I cannot see why the sur
plus is not utilized to begin work on the
building."
J. F. Sullivan, proprietor of Sullivan's
shoestore, was also a warm advocate of
the work beginning at once. In fact he
said he was willing to be put down as say
ing anything at all so long as it was favor
able.
"There can be no possible process of
reasoning t>y which any man can find a
sufficient excuse for delaying matters,"
he declared. "We are entitled to the
building and it would help the town won
derfully.
"Other places not half so large have
been given good postoffices, but up to date
all we have is a site. We should have the
building."
baid R. E. Marx, manager of the Maze:
"The Call has started in the right direc
tion. We need the building, and further
more we deserve it. it will be one of the
best solutions of the mooted problem of
work for the unemployed yet discovered.
"We have the site paid for. The plans
of the building have been adopted. Now,
with a surplus on hand, let us have the
building by all means.
"The reasons advanced for the delay
amouut to nothing. Our representatives
in Congress ought to make themselves
heard on this subject. If The Call stays
with it they will uave it."
"The building cannot be started too
quick for us," was the emphatic declara
tion of Marshall Hale of Hale Bros., "and
I am unable to see why things have been
delayed no long.
"Mr. Loud is the Congressman from the
particular district in which the site lies,
and I deem it his duty to atir matter* up
a bit.
"The appropriations for the smaller
towns have been carried out. San Jose
and Sacramento bavo good vostoffice
buildings, and we should see to it tlat
there is no more dawdling in our case."
"We ought to have bad that building
long ago." said A. H. Page of the Indian
apolis Furniture Company. "We nave
been treated worse than a tenth-rate
village would have been in the Eastern
States.
"Tbe Postoffice we have now is not one
fourth large enough. It wss built tc
supply the wants of a town of a few thou
sand peopte, but while it has remained
the same we have grown.
"I cannot understand why the work has
been delayed so long. Our Congressmen
should look to it at once."
Attorney Creswelt.
City Attorney Harry T. Creswell— The
Government of the United States ought to
own a building ».n ev^ry large city of the
country and each -building should be largo
enough to accommodate all tne Govern
ment offices in its particular locality.
That is the first reason for hastening the
com pletion of the new Poatoffice. Further
more, such a structure ous;ht to be cen
trally located, so thut citizens who have
business with federal officers will not be
compelled to go miles ou' of their way in
order to attend to their affairs. Therefore
I hope for sniedy action in completing
the new building so thai the public may
be accommodated. In like manner and for
similar reasons I hope to see the dome of
the new City Hall complete and finished
in sucti n manner that it may be occupied
by the California Supreme Court, thus
giving that honorable body the fittest
apartments in the world and bringing all
our State courts under one roof. Besides
the State would pay $600 a month rent to
the City.
County Clerk Curry.
County Clerk C. F. Curry— Without a
donbt the Government officials ought to
have their memories jogged. Possibly
they have forgotten that the people have
rights which ttiey are bound to respect.
When McKinley is in the White House
there will be no more trouble having such
public matters adj :sfed. He will give
some thought to the interests of the
people of this City as well a3 of the rest of
the country. The money that would be
paid out in this work would help many
deserving men, and would relieve their
wives and children from the fear of priva
tion if not of actual hunger. The effort to
secure speedy action in this bu*iness de
serves and ought to have the support of
ali good citizens irrespective of party.
The work ought to ba commenced as soon
as possible.
Colonel George H. Mendel!.
Colonel George H. Mendel 1, one of the
three engineers who orieinally tested the
stability of the site of the pro Dosed Fed
eral building — It was three years ago that
1 made the examination and I do not re
call the details, but I know that I found
no reason why the buildiDg should not be
placed there. I found no indication of a
bog. The foundation would be as good as
that for any of the big buildings now in
the City. There has been, howsver, an
other examination since then conducted
by Lieutenant Davis.
Supervisor Delaney.
Supervisor Delaney — I am heartily and
strongly in favor of having the Board of
Supervisors take such action as may tend
to hasten up the dilatory people at Wash
ington in reference to the construction of
the new Postotfice. The board should
make itself understood fully and show
that it is in earnest in voicing the wish of
the people for fair treatment. I will vote
for any resolution to that end. There are
many idle people and they should be
given a chance to go to work.
Collector W!s-» Surprised.
Collector of the Port John H. Wise— l
am certainly surprised that something
has not been done to start the work on
the new Postoffice and Federal building.
When Mi-. Clark was in this City ho told
me that work would probably be begun
by the first of last November. The new
building is certainly needed, and needed
badly, for this ojd tumble-down structure
is not only a disgrace to the City, but to
tally inadequate for the business tuat is
transacted here. I undei stood that the
lot had been tested and found fit for the
building, and that the only obstacle to
beginning work was toe matter of the de
sign, which was not satisfactory to the
people of this City.
If that has been satisfactorily arranged,
I see no reason why the work should not
begin at once. It would certainly give
work to many idle men and put a large
amount of money in circulation that is
now lying in the Treasury. It would be a
great thing for the unemployed.
W. W. Foote Says Move.
"I would like to see work on the build
ing commenced at once," said W. W.
Foote, "in view of the fact that there is at
present a large number of idle men in the
City. If work should begin it would be
the means of putting a larse amount of
money in circulation and would help to
tide over any stringency."
Unlock tha Money.
City and County Treasurer Widber—
There can be no better time than the
present to begin work upon the now Post
office. The appropriation made for the
building should be used. The money
should be unlocked. In circulation it
will do much more good than it can do
while locked up in a vault. The great
number of unemployed persona in the
C.ty indicates unmistakably the desir
ability of going to work as soon as pos
sible.
Tax Collector Block.
Tax Collector Block— The present Post
office was ancient thirty - eight years
ago. It is clearly inadequate and
the psople at Washington know
that to be th«s fact. So 1 cannot un
derstand why the new Postoffice is not got
under way. Tuis is a propitious time to
begin. I am most assuredly in favor of
exerting all the pressure that can be
brought to bear on the supervising archi
tect through our Representatives in Cou
gress, or otherwise, tiiat we can exert.
"Cupid" Danforth Solid.
"Cupla" Danforth — While there are
several things Sac Francisco needs de
cidedly, there is no more pressing neces
sity than the need for the new Postoffice.
That is so evident a fact tnat it admits of
no question.
POSTAL SAVINGS BANKS.
S. E Mcffett Treats on That
Subject Before the Iroquois
Club. .
Dr. Ragau's Caustic Letter. of ; Criti
■;." cism— Money for the Unem
ployed Fund.
■ The regular meeting of the Iroquois
Club was enlivened last evening with a
paper by S. E. Moffett on the subject of
"National Postal Savings Banks." The
lecturer was a warm advocate of the sys
tem, and was greeted with applause. la
part, the paper was as follows:
In view of the consuming anxiety now pre
vailing about the precarious condition of the
Nation*', finances and the talk about Issues of
bonds, exchequer bills and other devices for
brldgln* taps in revenues and taking care of
an inelastic currency, :: is rattier curious that
so little attention has been paid to the fiscal
advances that might begained from a sys
tem of postal savings banks. ■ : ■■,:."
In Great Britain more than two-thirds of all
the savings deposit* are kept in the postal
banks. The proportion In round numbers in
1894 was $446,000,000 for jostal to $217,000,
--; 000 for private savings banks, and the postal
banks had 6,108.763 -.depositor!", against
1.470,946 i:-. the private institutions. In (he
United States in 1894-95 the savings deposits
aggregated $1,310,597,023. Two-th;rd« of
this amount would be almost $1,207,000,000,
No Other
Medicine has such a record ol cures as Hood's
EarsaparUla. No other possesses the curative
powers due to the peculiar combination, pro-
portion and process of .
Hood's
- Sarsaparilla
The best— fact the One True Blood Purifier.
liOOd's Pills Sg^JSiJjft ••&*> uk «i
or nearly 50 per cent more than the total
bonded National debt. .
If we should take in deposits to this extent
they would enable us to redeem all our out
standing bonds of 1907 at the smallest Drict,
and have a reserve of nearly $300,000, C00 lei t
which we could keep on hand lor use in par.*
for other purpose?, us seemed most convenient.
That such a reserve would more than be am
pie, the experience of existing savings banks
abundantly proves.
The aggregate savings deposits in the
United States were $1,524,844,506 in the fiscal
ycsr 1890, $1,023,074,749 in 1891, $1,712.
--169,026 in 1892. $1,783,150,957 in 1893, $1,
--747.961,280 in 1894. a-.d $1,810,597,023 in
1895. ' The growth has been, almost continu
ous. • Even the punic of 1893 caused a decline
of only about $37,000,000 in tne amount of
deposits, and lack of confidence in the safety
of private institutions— in many cases too
well justified — was largely responsible for
that.
It is evident that as a rule new deposits
may be saieiy counted upon- to balance with
drawals in the absence of douot as ;o tho
solvency of the Government,
The entire record of tne American savings
banK system from its origin in 1816 discloses
only four instances in which the aggregate
deposits have declined from cue year to the
next. There never has beeen a year in which
the net withdrawals have reached $80.
--000,000. If the savings deposits had been
secured by the credit of the Government it is
doubtful whether there could e'er have been
any net withdrawals at all.
The value of Eug'.i>h postal deposits has
steadily increased every year since the estab
lishment of the system in 1861, although the
deposits in private savings Links are no
greater now than they were thirty-five years
ago and have fluctuated from year to year.
The fundamental. vice. ot our present cur
rency system, according to "sound money"
authorities, is that f no Government is doing a
banking business without having any of a.
batik's resources for takii c care of its notes.
Postal savings banks would give it absolute
control of the currency, ana this whether our
standard were gold, silver, bimetallic or fiat.
The chief objection to the Postal Savings
Bank system from an abstract point of view is
that the Government has no means of invest
ing deposits to advantage. It would be easy
to mention investments it could safely make,
but we have no need to disturb ourselves
a com such things under present conditions.
The Government now has the best possible in
vestment in its own bonded debt.
In Great Britain, with little more than half
our population, there were 7,579.709 savings
banks deposits in .. 1894. .Evidently Great h
Britain taps a stratum <a population mat our 1
savings banks do not touch. }
Th" little rills of private thrift continue to
fill the reservoir of public credit. We are al
most the oniy great Nai'cm that entirely ig
nores tnis natural association, neglecting at
once the interests of the people who need ab
solute security for their earnings mid of the
Government that needs the use of those earn
ings. In France there is not only a national
postal-savings system, but there are municipal
and school systems.
Among all the millions of depositors in the
pub.ic savings banks of Europe not one has
ever lost a cent through the laiiure of the in
stitution to which he has intrusted his earn
ings. Compare that with the black trail of
ruined lives left by American savings banks.
In the three-years before January 1, 1897, the
loss of depositors in twenty-two bankrupt sav
ings banes in New York City alone amounted
to $4,475,061.
The recent failure of the People's Home Sav
ings Bank in San Francisco robbed 12,000
depositors of their accumulated earning):, left
many in destitution, drove others to suicide,
and others from good homes to the slums.
But when the Government can end all these -
evils at a stroke, not only without cost but
with a profit to itself. Its persistent refusal to
do so deserves some harder name than negli
gence.
Dr. Rapan, who was blackballed at the
last meeting, sent in a drastic letter com
menting on the club's degeneracy, and
explaining that the bringing forward of
bis name was a mistake. On motion of
Max Popper all proceedings in relation
thereto were expunged from the roll.
H. P. Andrew?, District Attorney of
Tehama County, was accepted in 10 mem
bership and made a speech of thanks.
On motion $50 was ordered taken from
the duo's treasury to helD swell the fund
ior the relief of. the unemployed.
The subject for discussion at the next
meeting will be:
Resolved, That a general treaty of arbitra
tion between nations to provide a court or
triDunal for the fetl.ement of international
disputes between the treaty nations is a de
lusion and a -iiuro and as imprnotUio.l as it is
undesirable".
A letter from William J. .Bryan to
Charles Gild ea, ex-president of the club,
making formal acknowledgment of an in
vitation to the last Iroquois banquet, •<?
liyered through Consre.-sman Maj;u.rt\
was greeted with applause. Communica- «
tions to the same effect were received
from Senator Morgan, George Fred
Williams, Chauncev F. Black and ex-Gov
ernor John P. Altjreld of Illinois
head swim,
i head swim,
head swim,
head swim,
head swim,
head swim,
head swim,
head swim.
head swim.
*••****• head swim.
{hidyanJ head swim.
{ cures } . head swim.
{*w¥*¥s HEAD SWIM.
A SWIMMING SENSATION IN THE HEAD,
the necessity to hold to pillar or post only
for a second, shows there is something the
matter with the man.
What Is the Matter?
Undoubtedly the individual is afflicted with
some form of liver disorder. It may be worse;
it may be nervous debility or some form of
nervous disorder. If you are in this condition
you can use with safety the Hudyan Remedy
treatment. You can get Uudyan only from
the Hudson Doctors.
Write or calL
Hudyan cures Spermatorrhea, Nervous, Men-
tal or Physical Debility and the peculiar
diseases and disabilities of man.
Circulars Free.
30-DAY CUBE First, secondary or\
30-DAY CURE tertiary form of blood
30-D.\Y CURE troubles can be cured I
30-DAY CtißK witn3o-day Blood Cure!
Write for Circulars. ■ •
Hudson Medical Institute
Junction Slock ton, Market and Ellis Sts.
Consult Hudson Doctors Free.
Consult Hudson Doctors Free.
Consult Hudson Doctors Free.
Consult Hudson Doctors Free.
Consult Hudson Doctors Free.
Consult Hudson Doctors Free.
Consult Hudson Doctors Free.
Consult Hudson Doctors Free.
Consult Hudson Doctors Free.
Consult Hudson Doctors Free.
0000000000000
AN EXCELLENT
II "C A T Properly prepared and
IVIJEj/\ I U Promptly served, can
*. w ■■ ■ *J. X "* m * always ba obtained in
THE GRILL ROOM OF THE
Decidedly the T^ AT A f <|| 1
Dining A^.aA- * Jl\L*Jl\
ment in town. r»— , ,
ooooooooooooo)
DR.MCNULTY. "
T s.', S :r ' LXN 'OWN- ANI) RKLrABLE OhV
r?i«» 'l»c !if l « CWM I 'rtvnu» > Xervous,Klo(Kluiid Skin
i ';••'-•: of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over
•Myears .»Tpenence. Send for Book, free, Patients
Vu^-'? «V >n^ "' V rm » reasonable. Hours. 9to 3
«[a!lv.-(.::io tnB.S6ev' ? s. <Sundnys, 10 to 13. Oinsalw-
Uoufreeand siicredly con ddeutlal. Call or address
• ' «•• BOSCOE MoXULTT. W. ».,
2C' ; Keain, Street, San * raucincu. C»l.Crowded
To the Doors
The Baldwin
Sale
924 to 930 Market St.
.BALDWIN ANNEX.
TO=MORROW
We commence our second
week with this gigantic
sale. With it we start
• some exceptional values.
( GLANCE AT THESE PRICES.
WE HAVE TAKEN all our MEN'S
BLACK AND BLUE CHEVIOT ALL-
WOOL *10 SUITS and placed them on
•eale while they last for
$3.65
ALL" OUR $16 50 and $15 MEN'S FLY-
FRONT SCOTCH TWEED SUITS,
pretty patterns, well made and str:cily
• ail wool; they go at
$5.95
FOR GOOD DRESSER— AII our $17 50
and $20 MEN'S BLACK AND GRAY I
ALL-WOOL CLAY WORSTEDS, in !
. 'sack* ana frocks, round and tquare
cut; they ro at
51.45
THE BALDWIN
CLOTHIERS,
924 to 930 Market St.
BALDWIN ANNEX
Country orders will receive prompt
and careful attention.
JUDGE McKENNA
SAYS FAREWELL
California's Representative
in the Cabinet Before
the Legislature.
. Pays a Tribute to the Men Who
• . Served as Lawmakers
With Him.
Senator Korehome Makes the Most
•" Touching Address of the
• • " Evening.
.; SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. North,
r>f Alauieaa, appeared to-night in the role
of a premonition. He entered the Assem- i
bly 'at 7:30 in evening dress, but illy con- j
cealed w;tij a fawn-colored box overcoat. j
.His ample shirt-bosom blazed under the
glare of the incandescent-light chandeliers
•• in the full glory of a French laundry. And j
there were others. Clawhammer coats j
'.. were the rule. The manhood and the
i beauty of Sacramento crowded the gal-
I leries and the lobbies until the air became
I 1-ot.atid very uncomfortable, but heat and
y discomfort were ignored, for it was to be a
great occasi n — the reception of the first
member of the Cabinet from California,
■ Hon. Joseph McKenna.
The reception took place in the Assem
. bly chamber. Governor Bndd, Lieuten
ant-Governor Jeter and President pro
•tern. Hint of the Senate being seated with
• Speaker Coombs. The members of both
houses an. l visitors rose to their feet as |
Judge Mi-Kenna entered, arm in arm with |
•Alvin J. Bruner, chairman of the Repub- I
lican-Central Committee of Sacramento I
•County. Halting with the distinguished
guest in front of the Speaker's desk, Mr.
Bruner introdncad Judge McKenna in a
■well-worded address, to which Speaker j
Coombs replied by inviting Judge Mc-
Kenna to take a seat with him, and made
• a speech eulogistic of the distinguished
■ gentleman who, on being himself honored,
had honored California. Judge McKenna
replied as follows:
Mr. Speaker, Governor Budd, members of
the Senate and Assembly and invited guests:
itltwH not considered affected and larcicai
' fora public man on occasions like this to say
he was surprised I would say I am. I was in
vited here to-night to speak between- trains
and to ' meet a lew gentlemen at a social din- I
ner. Now, I will submit to you that thi* is
not asocial dinner, but it may be that 1
should not be surprised at any form wnich
the kindness of Sacramento will take, and I
.my 'to them that when 1 was a member of the
Assembly 1 could not be surprised nt any jorm
.it would take. But maybe things have
changed,
Mr. Speaker, on a few occasions lately I have
been compelled to somewhat disclaim the flat
tering things that have been said about me. 1
am very much afraid that I shall never lulfiil
the expectations -or to justify them; hence,
-£Ir. Speaker, to-night I would m'.ka do further
disclaimer, but accept this tribute as it should
be accepted, not to me as an individual, but to
me as a representative of roar. Slate in the Na
tional councils of tha United Slates. [Ap
. plau«e.] • .
The position of Cabinet officer Is undoubt
edly a great honor. He constitutes one of the
great Council. o the Nation, but, gentlemen,
the benefit to a Slate are not Very UngibiC—
not as tangible as some other benefits, and l
am a little apprehens ye that you ere expect
ing a jit tic too much for it, and, as I said the
other evening iv San Francisco, it it some- 1
The Opportunity
Of a Lifetime
The Baldwin
Bankrupt
Sale
924 to 930 Market St.
BALDWIN ANNEX.
DON'T
Be disappointed if you get
left. These goods go quick.
If you want anything come
or order quickly. These
goods are sold for less than
the cost of the material.
-
THOSE OVERCOATS we spoke of. last
week— you want to see 'em. They are
• in Kersey, Meltons and Beavers,
with velvet collars. Regular price
$15; they go at
$185
I — — __^___^^^___— _
\ DID YOU SEE THOSE PANTS? We
have taken the re u'ar lines of $3
ALL- WOOL CASSIMERE PANTS
and placed tnem among the lot for
SI.
• NEAT. NEW AND NOBBY. All our $4
and $5 ALL - WOOL FANCY
. WORSTED PANTS, for stylish dress-
ers; they go at
$1.88
THE BALDWIN
CLOTHIERS,
924 to 930 Market St.
BALDWIN ANNEX.
Country orders will receive prompt
and careful attention.
thine In sentiment, the hiehest sentiment, to
know that the National Council may take tone
and direction from the influence 01 the Pacific
Coast, casting aside that hesitating conserva
tism, moving into step and touch with the
new progress and'makiug itself as comprehen
sive as a continent. Gentlemen. I wouid limit
the influence, limit that tone and direction— l
would limit It to California. I go into the
Cabinet a Californiau [applause] as my bright
est title; I go into it as tae Hr.it ( a.iformau.
[Applause.] This is my dom nating incentive,
x may be succeeded by brighter men, but I
shall not be succeeded by any who have better
intentions, and niter all that is the main
th.ng. Given good intentions, the ways and
means of execution can easily be found out.
Gentlemen, what memories this hall recoils!
I was a member of the Legislature of 1875-70,
and occupied a seat upon this door lor lour
months. Where you sat, Mr. Speaker, sat Mr.
Carpenter of Ei Dorado, an aule gentleman,
quick in decision, but always impartial. On
the floor of the House was John R. MCConnell,
as able a man as I ever had the good fortune
to come in contact witn. His mind was a
bVisht storehouse of learning that he trans
muted into wisdom lor the instruction of nts
party. Here sat, also. Judge Lawrence Archer
of San Jose, an able, conscientious and upright
gentleman. Also C. P. Berry; now Assistant
Treasurer of the United States, than whom no
man on the floor of -the House is more direct
and clear. Judge Coffey was here, since be
come distlnguisncd as a judicial officer.
Scrivner was here, and others whom I have
not the time to mention. In the Upper House
was Farley, afterward United States Senator;
the gifted Edgerton. Pendcrgasi, Lewis, Pier
sou and others. I recall them all with pleat
ure ; I recall them all with sadijesfc.
Now, gentlemen, I am about to say farewell
to Cahiornia only for a while. Ido it in sad
ness, but I do it, I hope, as a representative of
this coast, and X hope to be able tojuntiiy
some expectation expressed about me, and I
shall surely carry those scenes of kindness
with me as a memory and as an incentive that
in my new place I will at least make an effort
to deserve it.
Governor Budd in response to a general
call made a characteristic speeca in which
he welcomed ttie 'distinguished guest of
the evening, and spoke of the university
bill which he propose^ to sign to-morrow.
He closed by saying that the university
and other great institutions of California
should be supported irrespective of reli
gion, politics or personal differences. .„• <
Senotar Mor«house made the molt elo
quent speech of the Evening. He began*
by. ing: "There are incidents, in the
life of every man and woman so dear and
tender, so sweet and sacred Hi at they will
unfold in the human heart like some* weet
petal of a bl ssorn, that the mother re
membering some kind word, perhaps
some fallen teardrop of a departed. child,
marks in the holy book the memory of
that child by placing there the petal of a
rose. Sometimes memories come to us
that leave in our souls such lingering
sweetness that all the future years cannot
wipe it away. We have witnessed such an
incident to-night."
The speaker paid a hich tribute to Cali
fornia and to Judge McKenna. . .{[ .'I
Speeches were made also by Lieutenant-
Governor Jeicr.Speaker Coombs and Sena
tor Seawell of Me ndocino, after which the
Assembly adjourned.
--• ' ♦
»cKtX>-4 H 8 it KF ART ED.
The ; Circuit 'Judge Closet Up Bit Cal
endar
United States Circuit Judge McKenna
cleared up n few unimportant item on
his calendar yesterday and then left nis
chambers in the Appraisers' building for
good.
.He left last evening on the overland
train for Canton, Ohio, where he will hold
another consultation with President-elect
tacKinley relative to the position he is to
ho.d in the Cabinet, and will then- go to
Washington. His visit to Major Me-
Kiniey is expected to have considerable
bearing on the question as to who is to
succeed him as Circuit Judge. He is
understood to favor United, States District
Judge Morrow, and his preference.. will
doubtless have considerable weight. *,'■
In regard to bis own future he says If he
13 given the choice he will take the office
of Attorney-General. ■ Judge Morrow will
occupy the-Circuit bench until an incum
bent is appointed. «
•
H'rieomed at Aiiiiun.
SUISUN.CaI., Feb. 26.— The people of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1897.
Don't
Be Foolish
The way to make money now is
to save it You can do so at
The Baldwin
Bankrupt
Sale
924 to 930 Market St.
BALDWIN ANNEX.
Our Children and
Boys' Department is
well equipped with
the latest novelties of
the season. If you
want to save money
on your boys' cloth-
ing come to us; we'll
show you how.
BOYS' REEFER SUITS. They are the
talk of the town. We'il sell all our
$2.so suits, commencing to-morrow, for
$1.35
ALL OUR $3 50 and $3 ALL-WOOL
REEFERS, in 10 different styles, go
while they last for
$1.95
Come and see 'era.
THIS TAKES THE CAKE. JUST FOR
FUN we'll takfi all our BOYS' ALL-
WOOL SUITS, in bine, black and in
pretty patterns, Scotch Tweed Suits,
those we sold for $4 and $5, and
sell them for
$2.45
THE BALDWIN
CLOTHIERS,
924 to 930 Market St.
BALDWIN ANNEX.
Country orders will receive prompt
and careful attention.
Suisun turned out this evening and ac
corded a great reception to Judge Joseph
McKenna, who passed through here on
the 6:45 train en route for Washington.
Tbe distinguished jurist was a former
resident of Suisun, where he resided for
over twenty shears. Tfte position which
has been assigned him in Major Mc-
Kintey's Cabinet has cau«ed much satis
faction here, and bis former acquaintances
besieged bis car to extend their congratu
lations and bid him godspeed on his
journey. Jud^e McKenna leelingly re
piied, addressing his immense audience
as bis former friends, and thanked them
for tbe cordial reception tendered.
FRll£l>L,A>l> ER 11AHKEI).
The Clnrmr Penman Aot Wanted on th»
Floor* of the Jj'gitlaturr.
SACRAMENTO. Cal., Feb. 26.— Mr.
Friedlauder's skill in penmanship has got
him into trouble and has strained the cor
dial relations heretofore existing between
himself and the Assembly. The Com
mittee on Contested Elections has taken
up the matter and this afternoon intro
duced the following resolutions:
Whereas, It appears from the facts within
the knowledge oi the Committee on Contested
Elections of the Assembly that one A.- A.
Friedlaitder has attempted, by means of a
forged writing, to draw from the treasury of
the state of Cnlifornia a sum of money for ser
vices that the said Friedlander did not per
form as an official of this committee: there-
I fore, be it
Resolved, That the Grand Jury of the county
of Sacramento be requested to take cognizance
of haid offense and investigate the said charge
and the facts connected nerewiih, and that
this Assembly take such furth?r action in the
premises us may bs ritiht and jus-t.
fiexotved, That A. A. Friedlander be, and he
Is hereby denied the privilege oi admission to
the Assembly chamber or any of the rooms
under the control of the senjeant-at-arnn of
this House during the remainder of this ses
sion.
The resolutions were made the special
order for sp. m. Friedlander has political
friends on the floor who will make a tight
for him.
Jtr>cing at J\e\t> Or Iran*.
NEW ORLEANS, La., Feb. 26.-Seven
eighthsof a mile. Bust Up woo, Pearsou sec
ond, Sky Blue third. T. me, 1:41.
One mile, Augustlna won, Burnt second
Harry S third. Time, l:58l£. '
Three-fourths of a mile, Hailstone won. May
Ashley secot>d, Lizzetta third. Time, 1:23
Seven-eighths of a mile, Robert Latta won
Piifnll second, Harden burg third. Time.'
1 :4O?4-
Three-quarters of a mile, Ella Penzance won '
Old Dominion second, Mldstar third. Time
1:22. \ '
Seven-eighths of a mile, Double Dummy
won. Sugar Cane second, Ilia third. Time,
1 :3o~£ ■ *
Acorea in th* Six-Dan llicicle Race.
CHICAGO, 111.. Feb. 27.— The scores in
the six-day bicycle race at midnight were
as follows: Schineer, 1556; Miller. 1554;
ABhinger, 1548; Lawaon, 1547; Hanson
1365; Hannant, 1305; Stewart 1250.
Con Jtoylr Knoe'ct Out frank Hartley.
ELM IRA, N. V., Feb. 26.— Con Doyle of
Ch.cago knocked out Frank hartley of
Binghamton to-night before tbe Queen
City Athletic Club. Bartley was counted
out at the end of the third round.
-■* yerjro ls\/nrheii.
CHATTANOOGA, Tknn., Feb. 26.—
Charles Brown, a negro, was lynched this
morning at Soddy, a mining hamlet near
here. He made an attack on Miss Lillie
Walker, a white girl, 19 years of age, who
was going tnrongi tbe «voods to her sis
ter's home. Brown refused to surrender
and shot Constable Sedler.
flevnte thn J:nilrond}croi*inai.
CHICAGO, 111., Feb. £$.— The train on
the Chicago and Easter i Illinois road
crashed into an electric-car at a crossing
this afternoon. Th • root >rm«n and one
passenger were ins'ant'" killed. Four
passengers were fatally in ured.
We Have Got
Them Guessing
What is next.
Ask our competitors.
THEY TREMBLE.
Our goods and prices
do it
The Baldwin
Bankrupt Sale
924 to 930 Market St.
BALDWIN ANNEX. '
Our Young Men's Suit De-
. partment is replete with all
the latest cuts and styles.
Thus it enables a young
man who desires to dress
stylishly to obtain a good
suit for little money.
YOUNG MEN'S ALL-WOOL CAS-
SIMERE SUITS, in nonfadable gray.
Worth $6; they'll go now at
$3.85
YOUNG MEN'S ALL-WOOL CHEVIOTS,
in single and double breasted, round
and square cut. Worth $10; they'll
goat
$4.95
YOUNG MEN'S OVERCOATS, In blue
and tan Meltons and Beavers. Sold all
over at $12 59 and $10; they go at
$6,95
THE BALDWIN
CLOTHIERS,
924 to 930 Market St.
BALDWIN ANNEX.
Country orders will receive prompt
and careful attention.
HARD WORK AS TO
WAYS AND MEANS
Chairman Guy of the As
sembly Committee
Talks Business.
Rigid Inquiry Has Been Made
Into the Needs of State
Institutions.
Less Jur.kitinfe and a More Thorcu;h
Inspection Would Be an
Improvement.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 26.— One of
the bar.lest working ana ai the same time
most unassuming members of the Assem
bly la W. R. Guy of San D ego. As chair
man of the Committee on Ways and
Means, he has not had a day of rest since
Assemblyman W. R. Guy of : San
Diego.
tbe opening of the session, for he has in
troduced more bills than any other mem
ber of the House, ana all those bills are
important. When asked by a Call re
porter to-day as to the work of the Ways
and Means Committee, Guv replied:
"1 consider the Weys and Means Com
mittee t c business committee of the
House, and it is composed, as it should
be, of earnest, faithful, conservative busi
ness men of sound judgment in order that
all measures presented may be given care
and due deliberation. My aim as chair
man has been to make it a business com
mittee, and therefore I have not taken ad
vantage of my position to display myself
upon the floor of the House in making
motions or speeches.
"At our first lueeting, early in the ses
sion, I impressed this idea upon the
minds of members^ the committee. As
to the work of the%>mmmee, I will say
that at tbe outset a sub-committee -was ap
pointed, consisting of Sims. Leavitt and
myself, for the purpose of inquiring into
the needs of the various State institutions
We Hurt
High prices a thing of
the past Henceforth
we'll dictate prices in
San Francisco.
The Baldwin
Bankrupt
Sale
924 to 930 Market St.
BALDWIN ANNEX.
If you are a skeptic we
can convince you beyond
all reasonable doubt as
to the truth of all we
assert
Seeing Is Believing.
OUR HAT DEPARTMENT-Well tell
you all our $125 FELT FEDORA
HATS, in black and brown, during
this sale for
65c.
OUR GENUINE FELT FEDORAS, that
are sold all over for $2, in different
shades, for
85c.
THE LATEST STYLES IN DERBY AND
SOFT FEDORA HATS, sold in all
batstores for $2 50, all shades,
si.is
THE BALDWIN
CLOTHIERS,
924 to 930 Market St.
BALDWIN ANNEX.
Country orders will receive prompt
and careful attention.
and making estimates for the considera
tion of the committee.
"The lirst thing done by the sub-com
mittee was to fend out written int rroga
tories to all the S:ate institutions for the
purpose of ascertaining as near as we
could their present financial condition,
and also their estimate of future needs, to
the end that the committee might be
enabled to make a general forecast for the
coming fiical years.
"After we had received replies to those
written interrogatories and had exam
ined them, we sent invitations to the su
perintendents, or the management, of
those institutions, in order that some «.ne
might appear personally from each before
the sub-committee, in order that ail mat
ters and interrogatories affeclinsr ihe
wants of those institutions might be ex
planed and answered.
"That plno was followed and was
found to be a success. When we hud
those persons in <*ur presence and pro
pounded pertinent questions to tuem witn
reference to certain pretended needs, in
mauy instances they admitted that they
were not actual r.eces i mici. In every case,
and absolutely without fear or favor, we
endtavored to base our action on actual
neeiis. We were aiso enabled to get at
the truth by holding frfquer.t conferences
with psople lro:n those institutions.
'•Another and a very practical and
effectual means of enlightenment is visits
10 the instiiuiions in question. The
Wuvi and Means Committee or a sub
commitu-e from it should be the proper
visiting committee to inquire into the
condition ot State institution* by personal
inspection, for it is the committee which
is required to pass upon the appropria
tions to bi asked for by them. The
Legislature frequently scuds persons on
those visits who are not called upon to
pass upon questions affecting the condi
tion and necessities of public institutions.
"My judgment is that there really
should be an investigatiou made by some
committee — perhaps a sub-committee, or
the Ways and Means Committee, if it
could be continued. It should visit tho-e
State institutions within six weeks before
the meeting of the next Legislature and
mate a written report to that body or a
resolution, and that is, in my opinion,
the only way in which thu facts can be
gotten ut impartially. Under the present
system committees of the Legislature do
not havo time to make a props' and thor
ough investigation. Their coming is ex
pected by the officials, and when they
arrive they are dined and otherwise en
tertained socially and they are not able to
get at the einct facts. The effect of the
visit upon the committee is either good or
bad according to the social qualities and
enter tuning ability of the officials.
"There is always a tendency to influ
ence the chairman of the Ways and
Means Committee in favor of liberal ap
propriations, Dut all along the line we
have endeavored impartially to measure
the appropriations by the actual necessi
ties of the case. In some instances the
appropriations asked for have been cut 10
per cent, and in others much more than
tbat. We believe tnat the general appro
priation bill as we have reported it to the
Assembly is both fair and economical."
ix SfA.il/; AMi a.&i>embljY.
JPaatnge of the Bill delating to Sale of
. . street Itnitway franchise*.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 26.— Tbe Senate
this morning parsed a bill introduced by
Wolfe extending the powers of corpora
tions to sell, and which relates to the con
trol of Roman Catholic church property in
San Francisco.
The following bills were passed :
By Pedlar— Relating to the organiza
tion, equipment and improvement of tbe
National Guard; by Langford, amending
the Civil Code relating to the power of
railroads; by Braunhart, relating to the
veto powers of executives of municipali
ties.
The bill abolishing the tax on the per
sonal property and grounds of the Stanford
A Revelation
To the Public
Our methods have gained popular
favor, and we mean by honest and
honorable methods to keep it.
Bankrupt
Sale
924 to 930 Market St.
BALDWIN ANNEX.
All Good Things
HAVE AN END.
COME
Before It Is Too Late.
GENUINE FRENCH PERCALE
TRILBY SHIRTS, in beautiful pat-
terns; sold all over for $1 25 and $1 50;
our price
85c.
HANDSOME PATTERNS IN PURE
SILK FLOWING-END TIES; worth
50c; our price
15c.
FRENCH PERCALE BOYS* SHIRT-
WAISTS. They are l.ttie beauties and
can't be duplicated for less than 75c
elsewhere; our price
35c,
THE BALDWIN
CLOTHIERS,
924 to 930 Market St.
BALDWIN ANNEX.
Country orders will receive prompt
and careful attention.
University was under discussion when a
recess was taken.
The Senate this afternoon reconsidered
Sirat ton's resolution to adjourn and at lend
tbe exercises to be held at the university,
but refui-eil to adopt it.
Langford'd bill in the interest of the
Valley road providing for tbe issuance of
bonds by railroads by a two- thirds vote of
the directors came back Irom the Assem
bly amended so as to make the unani
mous consent of the board necessary. The
Senate refused to concur in the amend
ment.
Tne following As?embly bills were
passed as amended: Providing for the
sale of street railroad franchises by
municipalities, and providing conditions
for granting such by the Legislature; ac
cepting from the Veterans' Home Associa
tion the title and control of the Veterans'
Homo in Napa County, and making the
s-ame a State institution ; fixing the time
for appealing cases at six months; pro
viding for th» improvement of and con
struction of additional buildings at the
university.
Assembly bills were passed finally re
quiring advertising for printing contracts;
providing for the granting of franchises
for the construction of bicycle paths, and
authorizing the Board of Fish Commis
sioners to dispose of the salmon-hatctiery
on Battle Creek to the Federal Fish Com
mission.
The Assembly at its morning session
refused to reconsider the vote by which
the Jones teachers' annuity bill was
passed.
Tne Stratton primary bill came up for
third reading, bat was found to be defec
tively printed and returned to the printer
for correction.
Leaviit was granted a suspension of the
rules and introduced a bill in relation to
to the furnishing of artificial light to the
inhabitants of cities of the first class.
Referred to the San Francisco delegation.
The Public Morals Committee reported
adversely on the Emmons racing law.
A bill providing for a Biinday law in an
Rmendea form was reported Irom the
Judiciary Committee.
Th« afternoon session of the Assembly
was spent in wrnngling over the rocs
crushing plant. \VheVi the bill came up
fora third reading, Cntter moved the ap
pointment of a special committee to j
amend the bill by makinj the pnc« of flat !
rock 30 cents instead of 40 cents to con
tractori and cost price to counties. Those
wb> spoke against the nmendment were:
Treacy, Anderson, Dibble and Godfrey,
while Ennis, Brideford, Der.nery, North
of Alameda and several others supported
it. The amendment was finally acreod
to— 37 to 31. "
Anderson moved to strike out all of sec
tion 11 of the bill, which provided for the
reconstruction of the rock-crushing plant,
in case of its destruction by fire or other
wise. List.
A few minutes before adjournment the
Governor returned the $40,000 printing
bili with his approval. Adjourned.
xme jus a- bI'EAKS.
£ trpretie* Profound AatonUhntent at the
: Attitude of < lirtMttan J'oicer*.
L ONDON, Esq., Feb. 2.— The Chronicle
to-morrow wilf publish an interview with
the King of Greece. His Majesty de
clared that he was unable to" express, his
profound astonishment nnd grief that the
representatives of the Christian powers
had permitted - the Turks to employ a
military, base, a place in which they had
taken protection, and for the purpose of
imposing neutrality and peace also caused
cannons to be fired on & Christian people
who nad been . driven by outrage and
massacre into a struggle for life and lib
erty. ..-'••• » . ' ;
*t The Chronicle's correspondent says he
is authorized to state that Greece is pre
pared to pledge herself to fully accept the
decision of the Cretans if the question of
the union of Crete ..with Greece is sub
mitted to a plebiscite.
[, The correspondent farther says that
rumors of 'a ministerial crisis are untrue, ,
To the Point
We bought $200,000 worth of the best
read\'-to-wear clothing, hats and fur-
nishuis soods, for man boy or child,
from the now defunct Rochester
Manufacturing Company, which we
are selling at less than other houses
buy them for.
The Baldwin
Bankrupt
Sale
924 to 930 Market St.
BALDWIN ANNEX.
We Can and Will
SAVE YOU BOM
Bear It
In Mind
EXTRA HEAVY DERBY RIB UNDER-
WEAR, in lour shades, such as you
Bee sold all over for 75c; our price
35c.
WHITE FULL-DRESS SHIRTS, linen
bosom, laundered and all sizes; worth
75c; our price
45c.
SOX— ALL-WOOL, in two Shades, seam-
less; worth 25c; our price
10c.
THE BALDWIN
CLOTHIERS,
924 to 930 Market St.
BALDWIN ANNfcX.
Country orders will receive prompt
and careful attention.
although the War Minister, Colonel smo
lentz. will probably retire.
The Daily News in its comment to-mor
morrow on tbe latest developments of the
Cretan trouble, while welcoming the broad
fact of autornony being granted to the
island, wiii emphasize the necessity of a
searching examination into the details,
especially the proposal that the Greek
troops shall be withdrawn prior to the
Turkish troops.
This proposal, the paper declares, must
be reconsidered unless the international
forces are ready to replace the Turkish
garrisons. Apart from this, Greece hav
ing extorted a comment from the powers,
can bow to superior forco without dia
loyalty to the Hellenic idea.
Student* Hell for Greece.
VIENNA, Austria, Feb. 26.— A hundred
Greek, Italian and Slav students at
temiued to nold a meeting to-day to ex
press their approval of the action of
Greece and to denounce the interference
of the powers in the Cretan dispute.
The police, however, refused to allow
the meeting to be held owing to it* not
having been legally announced. The
students then acted in a riotous manner,
with the result that three of them wera
arrested. Later they proceeded to the
university, whsre they swarmed upon the
staircase, hooting and yelling until they
became tired.
Central Loan and Trturt Company Fails.
DES MOINEB,Iowa, Feb.26.— The Central
Loan and Trust Company assigned to A.
L. Campbell tonight. It was at one time
a prominent company in the West, loan
ing extensively on Omaha property and
Nebraska farm lands. Close rimes made
it impossible to realize on investment!
and the company three months ago began
to Hose Pin its interests. The company
had $175,000 capital.
A. San Salvador General 111.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 2(>.-The
Herald's special cable from Panama says:
General Antonio Ezeta, formerly Vice-
President of Pan Salvador, is very ill and
his pliys'cians say his condition is serious.
raw to-»at:
50 Per Cent
mm Saved
V*^[ On the price of
your prescriptions
;p||PP* as we pay no per-
oneof centages to physi-
. Our Customer* c j anSi
ALL GOODS AT CUT RATES.
Swif-'s Specific $1 size.. 65c
Plnknam's Compound, $1 size....' 65c
M me. Pray's Pr« scrlption, $1 sizi .....76c
Cu;lcur» Resolvent. «1 size ' 70c
Williams'. Pink Pills. 50c size.. ....35c
Todd's Emulsion C. L. Oil, *1 size..... .........75c
Sco'.t's Emulsion V. I* Oil, $1 size 6'c
Hood'j or Joy's Snrsaparllla, $1 size .......650
Dr. Scott's Catarrh Cure, 6 months' treat- "X v
: ment. :...„. : .' $3.80
Cup dene, $1 s'zf» ...•."....■..,... 75c
Todd's Heath Tablets, better "than all the
pills on earth. .....'......'...-...... y'......250
NO-PERCENTAGE PHARMACY
053 Marlcot Street,
South bide, bet. Filth and SlxUiuv"
34
ANGELENOS SEE
TROUBLE AHEAD
The Municipal Census Bill
Believed to Contain
a "joker."
May Place the City's Patronage
in the Hands of the
Governor.
With ioo.ooo Popu'atioa Los Angeles
Would Come Under State
Control.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. 26.— The
municipal census bill, which has just been
signed by Governor Budd, providing for a
special census of California cities, con
tains, so far as it shall become operative
in this municipality, what is believed to
be a "joker." It is understood that the
bill was introduced at the solicitation o(
Postmaster John K. Matthews of this
Ctty. Matthews has for years desired an
increased allowance tor help in the mail
service of this city, rendered almost im
perative as a result of extending the
boundary lines of the municipality, as
well as by tho rapid increase of the popu
lation.
General Matthews learned from the de
partment at Washington that before an
extra allowance could be granted here it
would be necessary for the Legislature of
thi9 State, by special enactment, to make
provision for a new census of the City,
and if such census showed the increase
claimed by the Postmaster, the additional
allowance would be granted ; if otherwise,
the increase asked for would have to be
deferred until after the Government cen
sus of 1900. General Matthews, it ia said,
thereupon drafted the bill and pent it,
with his explanation, to Sacramento. The
plan seemed so reasonable and business
like that no one questioned the propriety
of the measure and it went through almost
unanimously.
But the bill might have been entitled,
"An act to increase the appointive power
of the Governor of California." la other
words, if Los Angel-es is shown by tbe new
census to have a population of 100,000 it
will be put in the same category as San
i'ranciscoand subject to the same law. in
this case the Governor will have the ap
pointment of the Police Commission, the
Health Department officials and others,
and in a large measure tbe control of the
municipal patronage will be placed in his
hands. Governor Budd would, of course,
place members of his own party in power
and displace about a score of Republicans
who came into office just a few weeks ago.
CROCKER'S SOUTHERN MISSION.
Sen Diegans Believe That Other Than
Masonic Matters Occupied His
Attention.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. 26.— San
Diego people are considerably elated over
the visit of Colonel Charles F. Crocker,
vice-president of the Southern Pacific
Company, to that city on Wednesday
evening last. They see in it a mysterious
purpose on the part of the Southern Pa
cific ConiDany, in ihe event that Santa
Monica should not be choten as the deep
harbor site, to shift the business of the
company from Port Los Angeles to San
Diego, where there is undeniably a good
natural harbor. It is the favorite theory
of San Diegans that Huntington will
build directly across the desert from San
Diego to Yuma, and give Los Angeles the
gQ-by altogether on trans-Pacific business.
It has been reiteraied, however, that
Colonel Crocker's trip to Southern Cali
fornia ia not involved in mystery at all,
except as the affairs of Masonry are -mys
terious. The colonel is grand master of
the Grand Consistory of Cahlomia, Scot
tish Rite ilasons, and be is in Southern
California to make official and fraternal
visits to the brethren ot that rite in this
part of the State. He is accompanied by
Inspector-General "\V. Frank Pierce of the
Grand Consistory, and Charles L. Patton,
past grand master. Their visit to San
Diego was for the purpose of instituting a
lodge of perfection, which they did on the
evening of their arrival there, leaving at
an early hour the following morning for
this city.
Last evening these gentlemen visited
Los Angeles Commandery of Knight's
. Templar in the Masonic Temple and wit
nessed the ceremony ol the Order of the
Temple, conferred by Eminent Com
mander Frank iiader, and an inspection
of the commardery by Eminent Sir Addi
■ lon .Morgan, district inspector. Among
other distinguished Templars pre?ent
■were: Grand Generalissimo R. M. Powers
of San Diego, Dr. Thomas Flint, grand
.hifch priest of Royal Arch Masons; Emi
nent Sir Jesse B. Fuller of Mnrysville and
Past Grand Commander Henry Sayre
Orme and others.
Colonel Crocker's car was attached to a
train for the North to-day. He and the
gentlemen with him expressed great
pleasure at the fraternal reception which
they had enjoyed wuile in Southern Cali
fornia.
AID FOB THIS UX EM PLOT £D.
Xelirf Menturca to Be Considered at a
Man- Meeting.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. 26.— Mayor
Bnyder is bending every effort to aid the
unemployed in this city. His message to
be read at the mass-meeting of thess men
to be held to-morrow morning at the plaza
is being prepared. The Mayor will call a
meeting of merchants, lawyers, doctors,
preachers, politicians — in fact, every body —
to be held au. Hazard's Pavilion next week.
A committee of representative men wiii
be appointed by THayor Snyder to act with
tne leaders of the unemployed in arrang
ing for speakers at this •mass-mietin*.
The expense will be borne by contribu
tions at the meeting.
Subscriptions may be takenrat the meet
ing, and the unemployed already see the
bow of brightness in the skies, promising
ihem relief and deliverance. The City
Council will back the Mayor ud in his
. stand. Every member is alive and awake
and tne Council stands united on tbo pro
position to crystalize public sentiment.
Uu>ner*hlp of liattletnak* Inland.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. 26.— 1n a
suit before Judge Shaw this morning,
brought by ihe Los Angeles Terminal
Railway Company atainct San Pedro and
the Los Angeles and Utah Railway to
quiet title to Rattlesnake Island, the case
went by default to the plaintiff.
T>rnp» Dtatt From ll' art IHirair.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. 26.— John
E. Hawks, a wealthy Englishman, who
lately arrived from the East with his
w;-e, dropped dead from heart disease
wniie working in his yard yesterday.
Itedondo Hrach Improvement* .
LOS ANGELES, Cal.. Feb. 26.— The
Redondo Railwuy and Beach Company
baa decided to spend ?30,000 In improving
the hotel at Redondo Beach, one of the
principal summer resorts in Southern
California.
TERMS OF COUNTY OFFICERS.
Officials Must Be Remunerated for Services
Until Their Successors Take
Charge.
LOS ANGELES, Cal, Feb. 26.— The
Supreme Court nas finally determined the
much-mooted question concerning the pay
of ex-county officers for extra days at the
expiration of their terms before their suc
cessors came into oftice. The case was
entitled Henry C. Dillon, ex-District At
torney, respondent, vs. Charles C. Bick
neil, Auditor of Los Angeles County,
appellant, and the appeal was taken from
a judgment by Superior Judge Shaw to
the effect that Dillon was entitled to pay
for tiie extra days served. The Supreme
Court alii :ined toe judgment of the lower
court.
"Section 221 of the county government
act," says the decision, "requires the Au
ditor to draw his warrant on the first
Monday of the month in which the term
of olHc • expires, yet it may happen that
the lirst Monday in January is the lirst
day of Januarr. and the term of the in
cumbent does not in that case expire until
the second Monday.
"Indeed, under the statute fixing the
commencement and termination of the
terms oi county officers it can never hap
pen that the term consists precisely of
two years, and therefore the provision fix
ing the compensation at an annual sum
should be construed as fixing the rate of
compensation to be paid for the time the
officer actually serves. The judgment
appealed from should be affirmed. "
Jane* Will Serve lime.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. 26.—Cap
tain Janes, editor of the Non-Partisan,
who was convicted in the District Federal
Court of sending an obscene publication
through th* mailp, to-day withdrew his
application for a stay of proceedings, and
a commitment was made out according to
the sentence of three years' imprisonment.
He will be taken to San Quenton on Tues
day.
Burglar* Steal Uardtvar*.
LOS ANGELES, Cal.. Feb. 26.—Rurg
lars entered the Foster-Bashford Hard
ware Company on South Broadway this
morning ana carried away over "if 1000
worth of stock. They drove a team to
the rear of the store, loaded the plunder
there and drove away.
Atrardrd Henri/ Damage*.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. 2fi.— The
Supreme Court has rendered a decision in
favor of C. A. Lee against the Southern
Pacific Company for $8000. He originally
brought suit in the Superior Court lor
?23,000 damages for being run over by an
engine.
MISSING FROM STOCKTON.
Disappearance of a Girl Wife of Whom
ihe Officers Can Find No
Trace.
STOCKTON, Cal., Feb. 26.— The police
have been notified of the disappearance of
Mabel Roberts, a.ed eighteen years, of
this city, who was married some time aeo
to Wash Roberts, but who has not been
living with her husband for some time.
From time to time nhe has been working
lor Mrs. Cameron, wife of the proprietor
of the Old Curiosity Shop on Main street.
On Thdrsday last she was again employed
by Mrs. Cameron, and at that time in
formed Mrs Cameron that Thomas Cas
sidy, with whom she had ben living, had
threatened to kill her if she went to work
again for the Camerons.
The girl left the Old Curiosity Shop on
Thursday afternoon, and has not been
seen since. Her dress and some of her
other belongings were left behind. Be
coming fearful lest something nad hap
pened to tbe girl, the Camerons yesterday
notified the police, but tbey have been
unable to find face of her. It is not
beiieved that Cassidy did her any injury,
as he has several times since her disap
pearance sent to the store to learn
whether she has been heard from, it is
supposed by the officers that she fled,
fearful tnat he would carry out his threats.
SAN JOSE'S THIRD JUDGE.
Career of A. S. Kittredge, Appointed to
the Superior Bench of Santa
Clara County.
BAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 26.— Judge A. 8.
Kittredge, who, it was announced last
night, has been appointed by Governor
Budd as third Judge of the Superior
Court of Santa Clara, is a native of New
Hampshire.
His youth was spent in Memphis, Term.,
but ue completed his education in Con
necticut, having graduated from Trinity
College, Hartlord. in 1857. He began the
practice of law in Memphis three years
later.
When the Civj.l War broke out Mr. Kitt
r»dge enlisted in the Fourth T«nnes.«ee
Regiment of the Confederate army. He
served succcwively under Generals Polk,
Johnson and Pemoerton.
When Vicksburg was captured by Gen
eral Grant he was taken prisoner but was
soon after released on parole and went to
Texas with the Second Regiment of that
State. He was soon in active service
again, this time under General Magruder.
Colonel David S. Terry, who was aiter
ward a Justice of the Supreme Court of
this State, was his immediate commander.
He resumed the practice of law at Mem
phis in 1865 and moved to California seven
years later, taking up his residence in
Watsonville, Santa Cruz County.
He practiced law in that city for fif
teen years, during part of which time he
was associated with Andrew Craig, after
ward County Judge of Santa Cru*z County,
and now a resident of San Francisco. He
removed to San Jose ten years ago, and
ha* since remained in this city.
The Board of Supervisor* will take steps
next week to provide a courtroom for the
new court, which will probably be in an
unoccupied room in the courthouse above
the As«essor's office.
Sentenced for Cattle- Stealing.
SAN JOSE. Cal., Feb. 26.— Edward Mo-
Jeres was to-day sentenced by Judge Lori
gan to three years' imprisonment at San
Quentin. Moleres hired two boys, Arthur
Pitts and Frank Cherrie, to assi>t him in
driving eight head of cattle he claimed to
own from the Hyde ranch on Pine Ridge
to this city. It subsequently developed
that the stock belonged to the Oristimba
Land Company, and the three boys were
arrested on a charge of cattle-stealine.
Moleres pleaded guilty and the charges
against the other two boys were dismissed.
Sunday -School Convention.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 26.— The County
Sunday-sc:ool Convention opened in the
First Presbyterian Churc£ this mornisg.
Sessions were aUo held In the afternoon
and evening. President Frank H. 8.-bb
pre-ided. Many excellent papers touch
ing upon Bnnday-*cbooi work were read.
Dr. £. McClish, president of the Univers
ity of the Pacinc, delivered an address
this evening.
A Forger by JVrmlmion.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 26.— Frank Cher
rie. who was arrested on February 17 on a
charge of forgery, was to-day discharged
by Justice Dwyer. Cherrie signed the
nnme of I. R. Thompson to an order on
E. T. P«ttitt for $18 25, but at the exami
nation to-day Thompson, the prosecuting
witness, admitted that be told the defeqd
ant he could sign his name.
Will He *ont to 11 hitller.
BAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 26— M. C. B«irne
has petitioned the Superior Court to cog
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1897.
GOVERNOR BRADLEY ON HUNTINGTON'S TRAIL.
FRANKFORT, Kt., Feb. 26.— Governor Bradley will recommend the passage of the new corporation law for the purpose of
reaching foreign corporations. Governor Bradley to-day began the preparation of bis message calling an extra session to meet
next month, and the request for the proposed law that is incorporated in the call was suggested by Attorney-General Taylor, who
has bsen seeking to get the Southern Pacific Railroad to comply with the laws of Kentucky in paying the franchise and 'other
taxes, and the law is for the purpose of reaching th is company. Attorney-General Taylor has held several conferences with attorneys
representing the road who have asked that he withhold the suit he has prepared to file against the corporation on the ground that
the Kentucky-born California corporation would settle taxes without suit, and the matter be adjusted out of court. Humphrey and
Dave, attorneys for the road, telegraphed they would be here to-day toadjust matters, but failed to come. The purpose of their de
lay is not known, except it is to delay litigation in the hope that there will be no legislative action in addition to the legal process
Attorney-General Taylor tiled with Governor Bradley a statement requesting the law. The law that will be introduced will give tne
Board of Assessment and Valuation power to annul the charter of thesa corporations that brazenly refuse to comply with tlie
law under technical grounds and will put the Southern Pacific at the mercy of the board. Attorney-General Taylor is very much
in earnest and has prepared his suit, aggregating $250,0C0, and ii will be filed unless the attorneys for the road agree to comply with
the law at once.
nut his 18-year-old son, Eugene E. Beirne,
:o the Whittier Reform School. The boy
is incorrigible and beyond parental con
trol and is said to bo a victim of the
opium habit. He was arrested last oven
ing.
Compromise an Utd Claim.
SAN JOSE, Cal.. Feb. 26.— Judge Hy
land to-day made an order nllowine the
administrator of the estate of Frank
Draves to compromise a claim against B.
D. Murphy and J. G. Enright.
The claim consists of a judgment against
tbom as bondsmen for George Hughes, the
absconding notary public, for $923 and in
terest from April 26, 1894. Mr. Enright
has since become insolvent and Mr. Mur
phy offered to pay the judgment if the in
terest k&r waived and the court agreed.
John It. Dolet Dead.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 2&-Jo!in B.
Dolet, an old resident of this county, died
at his home at 53 Montgomery street,
yesterday afternoon. He was born in
France in 1823.
SOLD BOGUS DIPLOMAS.
A Thousand Medical Graduate* Turned
Out by "l>r." frrd Uutlnnd.
CHICAGO, 111, Feb. 26— "Dr." Fred
Rutland, who claim 3 to be a graduate of the
College of Science, Los Anueles, Cal., the
California State Therapeutical College
and the Meilical University of Ohio, was
arrested to-day by postal inspectors on
the charge of using the mails for fraudu
lent purposes. He will be given a hear
ing to-morrow before Commissioner Hum
phrey.
Rutland has been operating the ''Wis
consin Elecirical Medical College," which
the inspectors allege is a bogus diploma
distributing concern on a big scale. They
have in their possession a book of names,
addresses and classes of decrees conferred,
showine that 907 persons in every State
rf Ihe Union, Mexico, Canada, India and
France, have received diplomas conferring
the decrens of doctor of medicine, phar
macy, philosophy and science in rapid suc
cession when a fee of $35 to $50 was re
ceived. It is estimated i hat Rutland has
r ceived $30,000 from his "college."
HOSTOX CICLiS CIRCLES EXCITED.
A Mongolian It circled President of a
Wh*elmrn'M Club.
BOSTON, Mass., Feb. 26— A. R. Foon,
a Chinaman, has just been elected presi
dent of the Winnisummet Cycle Club of
this city, one of the largest and most
popular cycling organizations. He has
for over a year been a frequent visitor at
race meets and is often Been on his wheel.
Foon was born in New York and for
several years he has made this city his
home. There has been some indignation
manifested on account of electing a Mon
golian to the office of chief executive of this
club, but the indications are that nothing
serious will result. Foon is somewhat of
a society man, is one of the most active
men in the club, and conducts a variety
store for a live i'lood. At one time he
thought seriously of enter. racing
games, so intense was his love for the
bicycle.
tiTAAJTORO AO.4I.MiT PIUTES,
White Student* to Meet the Husky Players
in a Haarbnll Gam*.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Cal., Feb.
26.— The Stanford baseball team will play
the Piute Indian team to-morrow at San
Jo-e. This will be the second regular
game of the season. Both Stanford and
the University of California will play sev
eral match games before engaging in the
intercollegiate series.
Following is. the line-up of the two
teams:
Stanford. Position. Pint* Indians.
Bprketi Pitcher Aquatara
Jeff* (.'a' cher Moo
Young First base Bputls
C. stroll a ....' Second bmse. Chlckma
Sharp Third base Clattawn
Lougheed shortstop W|srnhon
Wight Left tie d Zublc
Freeman Outer field Daubuke
Thompson (captain).. Right field ....Dahu
Sound. Xtonev Jubilee Dinner.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 26. — The
jubilee dinner of '.he Business Men's Re
publican and Sound Money Association
was held to-night at Delmonico's. About
400 men prominent in both the Republican
and Democratic parlies sat down to din
ner. Mayor Strong presided and the
speakers were Charles Emory Smith of
Philadelphia; ex-Spcretary Charles S.
Fairchild: General Horace Porter; R«v.
Dr. R. 8. McArthur and John Proctor
Clark. A letter of resret was read from
President-elect McKinley.
Krctirrr for an Ohio Railroad,
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Feb. 36— The Cen
tral Trust Company of New York to-day
asked the courts lor a receiver for the
Columbus, Mucking Valley and Toledo
Railroad Company.
The $290,000 interest on the company's
bonds is about due and no money to pay
is the cause. The company Hied an an
swer admitting the allegations and indi
cating that the suit was brought with an
understanding between the parties.
Judge Same appointed President Mon
serat as receiver.
[Cleveland Will Mot Jour the World.
GREENWICH, Coki*., Feb. 26.— The
rumors that have prevailed of late that
President Cleveland was to start on a
tour of the world in E. C. Benedict's
yacht Oneida after his retirement from
the White House were definitely dis
proved yesterday when Mr. Benedict
-ttted that the overhauling ot his yacht
was preparatory to a cruise to the West
Indies in March with the then ex-Presi
dent as his guest.
Oldest Office Clerk in the Jfaru Met.
NEW LONDON, Conr., Feb. 26.—Wil
liam de Behrens, commandant's clerk at
the New London naval station, died last
evening after a lingering illness, from
Bri.-ht's disease. He was the oldest of
naval office clerks in the navy and had
served in nearly every quarter of the
globe. Hewa< stationed at Fort Trumbull
for twenty years. He was 65 years old
and a native of the West Indies. He
leaves a widow and one daughter.
Jno*h»r Crnnk Uainlng >nfori*t<j.
CLEVELAND.Omo.Fob. 26.— R. Pitcher
Woodward, who is riding a donkey from
Brooklyn to San Francisco on an election
bet, called on Mark Hannu yesterday.
After exchanging a few pleasant remarks
Mr. Hanna inscribed his name directly
under that of Mayor McKisson of this
city.
A ■ r.tiitdlnrj A mod -it Inn Amirf-xi.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Feb. 26 —The
United States Building aim Loan Aasoc'a
tion assigned to the Columbian Trust this
morning; assets and liabilities are over
half a million.
Bronchitis unchecked, almost Invariably ter
minates In consumption ; but Bronchitis is cura
ble with Dr. D. Jayne's Expetorant.
Ii bilious, take Jay no's I'alnlesa Sanative rills.
MR. RHODES AND
THE TRANSVAAL
Testimony Before the South
African Commission of
the Commons.
The Cape Colony Premier Trie;*
to Justify the Raid of
Jameson.
Declares That President Kruger Was
Preparing to G ye England the
Co d Shoulder.
LONDON, Eng., Feb. 26.— The South
African Commission of the House of
Commons appointed to inquire into the
Jameson raid into the Transvaalf resumed
their sittings to-day, and ihe examination
of Cecil Rhodes was continued. A num
ber of members of the House of Commons
and peers were present, but for the first
time since the inquiry began the Prince of
Wales was absent.
Mr. Rhodes admitted that he had in
structed Rutherford Harris, his aceht in
London, to communicate confidentially
the plans of the secret movement to cer
tain persons in En r land, but he refused to
give their names.
Mr. Rhodes was asked whether he re
garded his having a force ready to march
into the Transvaal as consistent with his
position as Premier of the Cape Colony,
and replied that it was for the committee
to juaze his conduct, which did not ap
pear to him to have been inconsistent.
Witness was then asked concerning the
allusion in the statement read by him at
the opening of the inquiry to the intention
of the Boer Government to introduce
foreign influence into the Transvaal. Hon.
Edward Base added that he assumed
lhat Mr. Rhodes had adequate grounds
for the statement.
Mr. Rhodes s.iid thit be bad, but if he
should state his reason for his belief it
might do harm and cause irritation to a
friendly power. Nevertheless, he abso
lutely did believe it.
To a question by Mr. Blake in regard to
the imperial character of tbe proposed
federation of the South Atrican States,
Mr. Rhode* replied : "You must remem
ber that when we federated Canada it was
a local people federated and the imperial
Government finally sanctioned it."
Mr. Blase— Do you think that the end
justified the means?
Mr. R odes — It I had succeeded we
should have !ad a union of Africa and the
Chartered Company would have profited
greatly. As I failed 1 must take the re
sponsibility, and I hope that the future
will accomplish the union. I also hope
that the committee in their deliberations
will take into consideration the objects I
had in view.
Mr. Rhodes was then examined by Mr.
Labouchere, who asked him whether Ger
many was the power he bel ; eved to have
been favored by President Krager, which
question the witness answered in the af
firmative. In response to a question ask
in g for evidence in support of his belief
Mr. Rhodes read extracts from a speech de
livered by President Kruger before the Ger
man Club of Pretoria on the occasion of the
birthday of tne Emperor in 1895 in which
the Boer President claimed Great Britain
ha I relinquished her claim of suzerainty
over the Iransvaal, and declared that he
had been able to make a treaty with Ger
many, so that if one nation tried to "lick"
the Transvaal the other nations would try
to stop her. Mr. Rhodes also said that he
had reason lor the belief that President
Kruger intended by this speech to claim
the right to make Mich a treaty and con
firm it without the sanction of the Queen.
'lhe whole tendency of the Transvaal
policy, he added, was in favor of foreign
ers, Gf-rmans especialJy, at the expense of
the English.
Mr. Labouchere — Parbaps President
Krugcr'a speech was an after-dinner ora
tion.
Mr. Rhodes— President Krugfr drinks
nothing stronger than water.
The witness referred to the objection
raided by the German Minister of Foreign
Affairs in a speech In the Reichstag to a
commercial union ol the South African
States us being likely to lead to a political
protectorate and the exclusion of German
good?, and denied that a policy of protec
tion existed at the Cape. "Protection,"
he said, "means bad faith and bad articles
for the benefit of a privileged few."
Mr. Rhodes further said that in some of
the mines they intended to employ Amer
icans only, becanse of their better ac
quaintance with dee > levels.
To a question by Mr. Labouchere as to
the meaning of the words "civil rights"
as u^ed by Mr. Rhodes that gentleman
answered with much warmth: "The
Johannesburgers have no civil rights and
no body of Englishmen will ever remain
in any place for any period without in
sist nsr upon their civil rights."
Evidence showing the animosity of the
Transvaal toward Cope Colony and
Great Britain was introduced, in the
course of which Mr. Rhodes took from
his Docket and read aloud a long extra* t
lrom a speech in rei-a-d to Crete recently
deliverer in the House of Commons by
Mr. Labouchere. As he finished readme
Mr. Kho :es said: "I quite agree with
Mr. Labouchere and transfers d the same
sentiment-' and state of affairs to the
Transvaal."
Tu »s remark created a laugh, in whioh
Mr. Labouchere joined.
Witness said that Mr. Chamberlain, Sec
retary of State for the Colonies, had aoso
lutoly no knowledge whatever of the revo
lutionary movement, and Mr. Chamber
lain said that be would be very glad to
answer any question on (he subject.
The committee adjourned until Tuesday.
CABINBT GOSSIP CEASES.
mite/aw Reid's Health Prevents His Ac
ceptance of Office—Major McKin
ley Is Much Better.
• CANTON, Ohio, Feb. 26.— Cabinet spec
ulations Mem to have come to a hah. It
is assumed that Colonel J. J. McCook has
been given an opportunity to accent a
portfolio, but it is not certain that he "will
do so.
In the talk about New York appoint
ments that has appeared in the news
papers from day to day since the election
it seems to have escaped general notice
that Hon. Whitelaw Reid of the New
lork Tribune has always been a great
favorite of the President-elect for some
suitable and conspicuous recognition.
Mr. Reid's selection for a place in the
Cabinet or a foreign embassy at his choice
has been until recently under Major Mc
ivmlev a careful and most cordial con
sideration.
The relations between the two gentle
men have long been Intimate, but Mr.
.Keid and his friends think it would be im
prudent for him to risk the confinement
of official work until his health is abso
lutely restored, and hence have advised
against that course.
Ma P r McKinley within the last fort
night finally and reluctantly gave up the
idea of appointing Mr. Reid and there
upon wrote him a letter expressive both
of ms regret ana appreciation and of
the deep regret that for the present ai
least he could not have the advantage of
his association and co-operation in the
affairs of the administration.
Major McKinley is improving rapidly In
health. He took a long walk to-day and
dm considerable work.
SEW YOKK MAI GET IX.
A. li, Hepburn Jtrcotnmended for Secre
tary of the Interior.
NEW YORK. N. V., Feb. 26.-A dispatch
received here to-night from Canton, Ohio,
says:
There is no longer any question that
Colonel J. J. McCook of New York has ab
solutely denied to accept any position in
the Cabinet except Attorney - General.
It was the impression this morn
ing that New York would not be rep
resented in the Cabinet, but influential
Republicans have telegraphed to-night
recommending A. B. Hepburn for Sec
retary of the Interior.
Mr. Hepburn was formerly Comptroller
of the Currency, and is now president of
the Third National Bank.
JriniE MutiliOWS PBOSPECIB.
Will Aloit Likely Succeed McKenna and
.He Succeeded by lie Haven
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 26.— The
friends of Judge Morrow declare that he
will be appointed to succeed McKenna as
United States Circuit Judge and that ex-
Supreme Judge de Haven may succeed
Morrow on the United States District
bench.
Morrow is the natural successor of Me-
Kenna, and as he is a man of command
ing influence his cuances for promotion
are excellent. Morrow aerved in Congress
with McKinley, and the latter is known to
entertain a high opinion of his ability.
Judge McKenna is vert frienuy disposed
toward Morrow and it is believed will use
his influence to have him appointed as
his successor.
SLOW AHOUT IBI8H?
mil Hit Hold Hit Job at Maval Officer
at Xhit fort f
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 26. -One
of the questions now agitating the
California colony here is, . "What
will become of John P. Irish?"
Will be, as a sold bust Democrat, be con
tinued as Naval Officer, or will Senator
Senator Per Kins' friend, "Billy" Hamilton
be appointed. Judge Mapuire it inclined
to believe lhat Irish will hold on to his
joh.
The latest piece of gossip is that Frank
McLaughlin, chairman 01 the California
State Central Committee, was offered tho
Mint superintendency, but declined it.
Representatives in Congress from Cali
fornia said it was true that tbe delegation
hud agreed to support Mr. McL iu_'hlin
for the place', but that he had refused to
linve his name presented to Major Me-
Kinley. _
Chicago Republican City lie'eet.
CHICAGO. 111., Feb. 26.— The following
ticket was nominated by the Republican
City Convention this afternoon:
Mayor. Judge Nathaniel C. Sears; City
Clerk, Fred "Lundin; City Treasurer,
Charles E. Gross; City Attorney, Roy 0.
West.
BleCook Declines a Cabinet Portfolio.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 26.— The
Evening Sun aays it was announced to
day that Colonel John J. McCook has
positively declined to enter the Cabinet
of President McKinley as Secretary of the
Interior. •
BIMETALLISM IS THti HOUSE.
Sear Unanimous tot* in favor of a
Conference. '.?' -\
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 26.— The
interpretation to be placed upon the dec
laration of the platform of the Republican
National Convention regarding the secur
ing of an international bimetallism agree
ment was the subject of an animated and
at times spirited debate in trie House to
day. The result was, so far as the record
shows, but three Republicans were of the
opinion that the party was committed to
the single gold standard. These were
Henry of Connecticut, Johnson of In
diana and Quigg of New York.
Knox of Massachusetts arrayed himself
in support of the other gentlemen, but on
being paired did not vote; Hill later
stated that had he been present he
would have felt it a matter of conscience
and duty to Stand with them.
The debate was had upon the Senate bill
providing for the representation of the
United States at any international con
ference to be held for the purpose of reach- I
ing an agreement to' fix the relative value
of gold and silver, reported from the Com
mittee on Coinage, Weights and Measures,
which C. W. Stone (R.) of Pennsylvania
moved to suspend the rules and/pass.
The debate lasted two hours, and was
participated in by a dozen or more mem
bers. The principal speeches against the
bill were made by Quigg (R.) of New York,
Johnson (R.) of Indiana and Knox (R.)
of Massachusetts, an<i in advocacy thereof
by C. W. Stone (R.) of Pennsylvania,
McCreary (D.) of Kentucky, Hepburn (R.)
of lowa. Dineley (R.) of Maine and Gros
venor (R.) of Ohio. •
Dingley's speech was the first he had
made for many weeks and nis appearance
was greeted with applause. * '
The bill was passed on an aye and noe
, vote— 279. a.
The operation of the rule permitting
motions to suspend the rules and pass
bills began to run to-day for the remainder
of the session, and under that rule the fol
lowing measure-* were pn«sed: Setting
ai art «i site in the city of Washington for
a memorial building to be erected by the
Daughters of the American Revolution;
providing for the aroitration of labor
troubles between the interstate commerce
carriers and their employe?; prohibiting
the importation of impure and unwhole
some tea.
At 5:25 the House adjourned.
V ♦
I'ndf.c Coant Jfention*.
WASHINGTON. D. C. Feb. 26.-Pen
sions have Detn granted as follows: Cali
fornia, original— Miner H. Allen (de
ceased), Saciiiraento; Isaac 8. Miller
Ontario; 6an|uel W. Bellding, Sao Dieeo!
Supplemental— Moses O'Leary, Veterans'
Home, Napa. Increase— Thomas Livin,
Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles; Peter
Kourke, San Francisco. Survivor Indian
War— Samuel P. C. Howard, Ophir.
Orecon— Original. Seba Norton, Alilwau
fcie; additional, Lunam S. Wood, Weston.
Washineton— Original, Henry Roberts,
Hamilton; increase, James M. Shull,
Clyde.
SAX I EURO'S CHA.XCES. •
Senator White's Mild Jtebuke to Friends
of the Harbor.
WASHINGTON, D. C. Feb. 26.— Sen
ator White said to The Call correspond
ent to-night: '
"The report telegraphed from Los An
geles to the effect that 1 have given
assurances to friends that a majority of
the commisnion Had decided to recom
mend fcsan Pedro for the deep harbor is
putting it rather too strongly.
"I believe that San Pedro will bo chosen
on its merits, but as yet no one has any
definite information on the sub'.ect, for as
yei the commission has not even com
menced to formulate its reports."
Judge MuKuire said to-night: "I think
San Pedro will be aelected as the site, but
the report of the commission will not be
made for several weeks yet. I understand
that it will be made to the new Secretary
of War. In the absence of any definite in
for&jation I think it would be unwise for
any real-estato speculators to invest money
at either place."
Ferine Grant found to Be Regular.
Washington, d. g, Feb. 26-The
Perine prant, involving 23,000 acres of
land in Florida, which the Senate Com
mit cc on Public Lands has investigated,
has been found by this committee to be
regular. No charges made by those at
tacking the grant were sustained.
Cleveland Cabinet's T.a-t Meeting.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 26— The
last meeting of the Cleveland Cabinet was
held to-day. Personal affairs incident to
the close of- the administration formed
much ot the subject matter discussed.
LAND RESERVATION PROTEST.
Com mere/a/ Club of Omaha Takes Strong
Ground Against a Recent Order
by the President.
OMAHA, Nebr., Feb. 26.— The Com
mercial Club, ai a special meeting to-day,
passed these resolutions, which were im
mediately telegraphed to Washington:
The Commercial Club of the City of Omaha
being interested in the growtn and develop
ment of the trans-Mlsiissippi country, and
particularly the State oi Nebraska, is greatly
alarmed at the promulgation of an executive
order by the President ot the United States by
which 21,000,000 acres of land in the North
west are reserved for exploration, settlement,
mineral development and filine, and railroad
construction. Cf theße 21,000 000 acres of
land— which, added to the 17,000,000 acres of
land heretofore reserved, mates nearly 40.
--000,000 acre* ot the public domain— 3,ooo.ooo
are in the State of Wyoming and the Black
Hills section of South Dakota, wnicn country
is directly tributary to the State of Nebraska,
and is one of the sections largely supplied by
agricultural products of this State. In view of
the alarming and disastrous results to follow
from this executive order, it is
Sifoivtd, That while in sympathy with any
legitimate effort to protect the lorenu of the
public domain we believe tbat this sweeping
order will have no such result, but by making
the 60-c«l;ed timber country an uninhabited
waste will increase ihe Onager of tne destruc
tion of the fort-sis by fire; and in view of the
fact that large sections of these proposed res
ervations are now settled by agriculturalists
and miners, whose industries must cease il
this executive order shall continue in opera,
lion, »c call upon our Senators und Represent
atives in Congress by proper legislation to
annul such order, believing that the present
stringent laws are sufficient ii enforced to
fuily protect timber on the public domain.
The Commercial Club also adopted a
form of pro ten and sent it to Lincoln this
afternoon with the rt- quest tbat the Siate
Legislature adopt it at once.
The business men of Lead, 8. D., held
an indignation meeting last night. similar
to that held at Deadwood. The South Da
kota Legislature will be asked to memori
alize Congress relative to the matter.
CHOOKED.S tSS IX COZUHA.UO.
Bitter Fight Agaln*t%a Btll to JSttabliih
a J*etc County.
CHICAGO, 111., Feb. 26.— A Chronicle
i special from "Denver, Colo., says: Charges
of bribery have been made in connection
with the new cqunty it is proposed to es
tablish with the Cripple Creek mining dis
trict lor a center. The district is extremely
> wealthy, pay* a heavy tax and the propo
sition is bitterly fought by the people of
Colorado Springs, the excuse being that it
will mean a high tax rate for the older
sections of El Paso County to have the
mining districts cut off.
The bill to establish Sylvanite County
is supported by the miners, who object to
traveling around fifty to ninety miles to
reach a county seat that a bird could fly
to in twenty-two miles. "Bat" Master*
son, famous as the cowboy Sheriff of
Dodge City in the cattle days, now charges
that attempts have been mads to bribe
Legislators to defeat the bill and that as
much as $B COO had been offered.
The charges threw the Senate into a
convulsion yesterday. A committee was
appointed to investigate them. Master
son will give time, figures, dates and
names, so he says. ■<■• "
AfW 7 or redo- Boat's htm irkable Hun.
NORFOLK. Va., Feb. 26—Torpedo
boat 6 arrived here last night at 8 o'clock
after a remarkable run of eleven hours
and fifty minute s between Sandy Hook
and Cape Henry. She used only two
tbirds power and a steam pressure of 130
pounds. Thick weather was enc untered,
but despite this and deranged compasses,
the vessel maintained an average spe*d of
twenty-three knots at sea. She will leave
the Norfolk Navy-yard at 10 o'clock this
morning and proceed to New York.
(on feme* to n '$20,000 Robbery.
ALTOONA, Pa., Feb. 2b.— E. C. Deni
ven, who claims to be from Spokane,
Wash., was arrested in this city yesterday
.charged with robbing the residence of I.
Blau of diamonds a.d jeweiry amount
ing to ? 20, 000. Deniven coniessed and
said be expressed the goods to Denison
Texas, to E. P. Warren.
NEW TO-DAY
m^^m, SeURESTELL.
l»Mr '' ■ '■' 'J^xUim T HEY ! PEAK VOLUMES FOR THE GOOD
■6"«iaa&- ,t. ■ «vi^!6^3l » wore that is being accomplished by means
WIpSBS-Wi#WA- ] M^J^<^m ' ? f electricity rightly applied in cases of wast-
' 1 JJll^M^P^-^-^OT^^^nl-yw '"8. lingering and <.-hronic weakness, decliue,
shrunken organs, kidney troubles, rfceuma-
'^ySS^SS^^WtgßJ^J^^^^^l^^ turn, varicocele. backache and loss of vigor.
\ ' % IBiSll^TV*^^^* 1 "' DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT
I i Hce made a record for curing these troubles
• ''•„ ''-' .JL that is uuequaled by any other Known remedy.
: Its touch is 4&3(4. the touch Of Ils reputation is won and it is known the
_,_„..;„„ ,v v i.u< . worl< i over for its cures. That is the reason for
magnetism, «-;#? jia the healthful the wonderful increase in sales. New cures
essence of Vl-*^vw3? talltv that are being reported daily. Here are a few ex-
• * '>wSkc? ' *"»!. tracts from letters just received:
makes strong <"fljv >> men & women '"I have been afflicted with rheumatism for
_._,„ At.. *» a' ti »■'■"' forty-five years, tbe last.three years of which
period I suffered greatly from nervous debility. Mine was « very aggravated case. After wear-
ing your Belt seven months ) feel no rheumatic trouble and my nervous trouble is nearly
gone. lam now b'J years of age and consider my improvement a mo«t miraculous."
' ■ .'.t  '■'■•■ ' W. H. STAPP. Fouts Springs, Cal.
.w' 1 Wa ? aU - br ° ke " down with debility. My nerves were completely °s"V"t ered and I 'had
se\ere pains in the b.ck. I could eat nothing without great distress lifterwurd. I had been
weak for years from losses resulting from early indiscretions. Now, ater wearing your Belt,
ray pains are all gone, appetite Rood and my strength restored. My losses are stopped and I
feel strong and hearty again. I have cained eleven pounds in the last month."
■■' MW : . ' . . _ JOSEPH HENRICH, 153 Tchama street. San Francisco, Cal.
tC a .i purchased your Belt I had b*en troubled for years wii n »cute nervous dyspepsia, i
I had violent pains in my. stomach and back and was generally debilitated. Now, alter m ear- 1
ing your Belt, I can sleep well, and the pains in my stomach and back are all gone. I feel bet- 1
ter than 1 have done for years . .W. M. BUTTON. L-leton, Cal. I
• i ? ow of the uacl{ whose chief ability is to guarantee cures thai he always fails to accom- '
push, The cures that are reported daily by Dr. linden's Electric Be are bona flae and will *
bear a thorough investigation. If. you are weak get Dr. Sanden's book, -Three Classes of
Men. which tells how manly strength is restored. IX has hundreds of cures. ■. Call and test
the Beit if you live in the city. A personal call or aX™ 3 * l of this little book may save you
J3^.:Nrx3:E33W :eij:e:ot:ei.xo •oo .
632 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
_ Office hours— B A. M. to 8 P.M.; Sundays, 10 to I. Los Angelei Offlca 201 South Bra**.
■ w * y in^ rU *2 d V Or **? w »«WnBton street; Denver. C 010. ,933 Sixteenth streeU
. ,*olii—Alake no mistake in the number— 632 Market street ,
LIVELY WARFARE
IN THE PHILIPPINES
Rebels Make a Raid on the
Barracks at Manila
and Get Arms.
Battles in Which Spanish Gene
rals Report the Usual
Victories
Preparations for an Attack on Imus
Which May Deed: the
Campaign-
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 27.— A special
cablegram to the Herald from Manila
says: Yesterday afternoon at 3:30 o'clock
a group of rebels entered the barracks of
the town, killing the lieutenant and ser
geant in the barracks along with the cap
lain of the fort custom-house of Manila
city. They then escaped, taking with
them arms and ammunition.
They ran through the streets of Tondo
pursued by armed police, who fired on
them, the rebels returning the fire.
The rebels escaped clear out of the
suburbs, through Tondo, a quarter where
the alarm was general. The shops and
establishments were closed for fear of
complications.
11l the suburbs of Manila the rebels
were pursued. Many have been made
prisoners or killed.
General La Cbambre captured the town
of Perez dos .Marinas Thursday after eight
hours' hard fighting. The rebels made a
desperate resistance. The losses are enor
mous, and eighty to ninety Spaniards
were killed.
The rebels fled on the entrance of the
Spaniards.
Eoine fortified themselves in the con
vent and this was cannonaded with terrible
carnage. The victory is important as it
brings the forces of General La Chambre
within nine miles of Imus.
All the interest of the campaign centers
in the attrck on Imus. General Polavieja
will attack it from the north and General
La Cbambre from the «outh.
MOMiTBR niSJHJir.OL.ASS ORDER.
Sixty Carload* for IF. P. Fuller & Co.
of San JFy«»n«?l»co.
MUNCIE, lud., Feb. 26.— Thomas P.
Hart, manager of the Western Window
glass Manufacturers' Association, with
offices in this city, this evening received
the largest order ever placed for window
plass by one firm in the United States.
It was for sixty carloads to b* sent in
one shipment to W. P. Fuller & Co. of
San Francisco. The glass is for the Pacific
Coast trade. A feature of the order is the
fact that heretofore this firm has imported
all its glass.
To-morrow the head of a big Atlantic
coast firm will be here to place a large
order, which will supplant foreign orders.
Mr. Hart says business prospects in this
line of trade are getting bright, and there
will be no closing down of window-glass
factories this year at least.
If Alt TS A REH A TJB.
Sathtr Amuting Question* Put by a
Uritinh Commoner.
LONDON. Eng.. Feb. 26.— 1n the House
of Commons to-day Bowles, Couservative,
asked whether it was true that $8,000,000
of the A.abaraa claims award still re
mained in the hands of the United States,
ana what prospect tJu-re was that any part
would be repaid t<> Great Britain.
Curzon, Under Foreign Secretary, said:
"It would be contrary to the treaty made
in 1871 to request the return of any sum
left over after the claims against it were
satisfied."
Bowles — Is there any prospect of the
United States Government offering to pay
any surplus?
Cnrzon — I am afraid I cannot speak for
the United States Government.
.■in Upriaing in 'Manila.
LONDON, Eng., Feb. 26.— A dispatch
from Alaurid says that the Govern meat
has received information that a sudden
uprising occurred in Manila, the capital of
the Pnitippines, yesterday.
Fighting was prolonged for hours, and
the Spanish troops were finally victorious.
The corpses of 200 rebels are lying in tha
streets.
Jfecotnmend Arbitrator*.
DENVER, Coto., Feb. 26.— The special
committee of the Legislature submitted
to-day a report of its investi ation of the
Leadville miners' strike. The committee
recommends that a board of arbitration
be appointed to deal wit n the question
and any agreement reached must be made
binding on both sides.
Sir. ISrynn Lecturer on Money.
NEW YOKK, N. V., Feb. 26.— W. J.
Bryan lectured in Carnegie Hall to-night
on "Money." Tne audience entbusiasti.
cally applauded Mr. Bryan's sentiments.
After paying a feeline euloey to the
memory of the late William P. Sl John,
Mr. Bryan talked at length on the money
question.
Two Hen Killed by nn Explosion.
STEUBENVILLE.Ohio, Fob. 26.—Nitro
glycerine exploded in the Gould oil field
here this afternoon. Two men were blown
to atoms.SENATORS IN
ANGRY MOOD
They Resume Argument of
the Case of Julio
Sanguilly.
NOT OFFICIALLY TOLD
OF THE PARDON.
But It Was the Warlike Spirit
Displayed That Hasten :d
Action.
NO MORE POWDER WILL BE
; ••. WASTED IN TALK.
Morgan of Alabama Says Cleveland
•• Has Been Sleeping Wbile
Americans Suffer.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 26.— The
Sen"aie had the Indian appropriation bill
before it to-day throughout the session.
, bilt. that fact did not prevent Cuba and
the Sanguilly case from being fought over,
even in a more angry and excited manner
th-an it had been yesterday. At the very
opening Frye (R.)of Maine referred to the
dispatch announcing Sanpuilly's reieas-e
to-day, and. deprecated furtner discussion
of./ the matter, saying that for his part he
.did not- believe in wasting powder simply
■ for. tne purpose of making a noise.
, . The 'Sanguilly resolution having been
." sent to the calendar, two otner resolutions
as to victims of Spanish cruelly were
• offered, one by Morgan (D.) of Alabama,
in the caseof George Washington Aguirre, j
•and one by Call in relation to the suicide
or murde- of Dr. Ricardo Ruiz. As to
Aguirre, there were £on}e comments upon
his baptismal name, Morgan assuming that
it gave to Aguirre an additional claim
upon. American sympathy, and Lindsay
• (D. ) ot Kentucky, insisting that his sur
render, under a proclamation of amnesty,
was an un-George Washington act.
A letter from Ethan Allen of New York,
. vouching for the young man, was read,
and Hoar was led in a jocose mood to in
quire, with *n air of gravity, whether
• that was the Ethan Allen of the Revolu
tion: Morgan said that he was the grand
■ son of the revolutionary hero, and another |
Senator added the information tiiat he j
• v.-as the president of the Cuban Junta of j
New York.
The storm broke out again through the j
Sanguilly matter, and White (D. ) of Cali
fornia and .Lodge (R. ) of Massachusetts
■ had some delicate sparring, in which
White spoke Ironically of Lodge as one of
the great men of the world, and as know
ing. more aDout the Spanish pronunciation
-than ail otner Spanish scholars known.
This was provoked by Lodge's sneering at
WUite for pronouncing "Julio" as
"liuleo."
■ Lodge retaliated by imputing envy to
•the California Senator because his long
speech yesterday had not enthused the
galleries.
Hale (R.) of Maine appealed to the
Senators to lay aside all extraneous dis
cu>Mon and confine themselves to the
business of appropriation bills for the six |
remaining days of the session, saying that
he expected the Senate to sit on Sunday.
He was cruelly ridiculed by Morgan
and told that he ought to start out on a
: regular tour of lecturing if he could find a
lot of school children for his audience.
Tne Alabama Senator was in a very un-
, conciliatory mood. He refused angrily
- and with every mark of disrespect to per
. mil either Senators Hoar or Hale to inter
. j'ect a remark into his speech, but he re
served his bitterest words for President
Cleveland, who he described contemptu
ously as having been "down on his |
hunkers" praying Spain to release San- i
guilly; also as a "sluggard sleeping and
■snoring when Americans suffered."
. Morgan was on the floor over an hour, j
Alter he resumed his seat the bitterness
. faded out of the debate. Instead of it
••■•there was a witty passage between Sena
tors Daniel (D.) of Virginia and Gray (D.)
oi Delaware.
When the former used the Spanish
word "incommunicado" Gray assumed
ignorance of its meaning and said he did
■ not talk Spanish. With a pleasant and
gracious smile Daniel excused himself
• and said that he thought that the Senator
from Delaware had just been talking very
good Spanish.
This polite response, with its unex
pressed but well-understood meaning,
provoked an outburst of laughter on the
&oor and in the gallerie?, which were
.'crowded all tlie ciay.
In" the pleasanter turn which the dis
cussion had thus taken the Cuban ques
tion was permitted to subside and the
actuaf consideration of the Indian appro
priation bill was resumed.
°. be bill haci not Deen passed when, at
"6 o'clock, a recess was taken until
7?30 p. m.
Tl>e House bill to prevent trespassing
upon and providing for the protection of
■ National military park" was tbo first mat
ter- taken up in the Senate, and passed
wi-ih an amendment.
Hill (D.) of New York asked unanimous
consent to have an executive Bession at 3
o'clock this afternoon.
■ Frye (R.) of Maine— l object
. Hill— l give notice so that no one may
be taken by surprise that at 3 o'clock in
the afternoon 1 will make that motion.
Quay (R.) of Pennsylvania a>ked unan
imous consent to tike up anc i con
sider the substitute for the labor commis
sion bill.
•_. Hate (R.) of Maine— That is a very im
portant matter and will give rise to de
iate. I must object.
At Quay's suggestion the substitute was
read. It provides a commission of live
Senators, live Representatives and nine
others to be appointed by the President
to investigate questions pertaining to im
migration, labor, agriculture, mining and
business, and to report to Congress such
legislation as it may deem best. The total
cost is not to exceed $50,000 a year.
"That is a gigantic scheme," Hale said,
"for building up a great set of officehold
ers at ihe rate of $50,000 a year. I ob
ject."
At 11:15 the Indian appropriation bill
was taken up with the understanding that
at 1 p. m. the Sanguilly Cuban joint reso
lution would come up as the unfinished
business.
The pending question was the commit
tee amendment as to the payment of large
claims for legal services to the old settlers
of the Western Cherokee Indians, to
which Brown (R.) of Utah offered an
amendment to bar and shut out awards
already paid and accepted.
In the course of the discussion it was
stated by Burrows (R.) of Michigan that
the lawyers liad already been paid the
enormous sum of $198,000.
Brown's amendment was acreed to.
Vest (D.) of Missouri moved to strike
out the committee amendment as to that
part of itdireciir.g the commission to set
apart lands upon which any towns are
now located in the Indian Territory, to
provide for the further growth of sucli
town 3 and to allow all other lands in the
Indian Territory belonging to the Chicka
saws, Choctaws, Cherokee*, Creeks and
Seminoles; also to strike out the clause
requiring nets of the Council of either of
those tribes to be submitted fur approval
to the President of the United States.
Vest made a s-tatement as to tne lawless
condition of the Inu.an Territory which
he described as a harbor for criminals.
Tie court«, he said, were a travesty of
justice. They were eoverned by corrup
tion. Their laws were antagonistic to
American civilization; their modes of
punishment were entirely different, con
sisting of whipping, torturing, and in
cases of capital punishment, the rifle.
"That is an improvement on our mode,"
Frye (R.) of Maine suggested.
Vest went on to say that the treaty con
ditions with those Indians must be dqne
away with. His proposition was not to
rob the Indians nor to molest them, but
to protect them and also to protect the
citizens of the contiguous States. Sena
tors living at a distance had no idea of the
outracres committed on the people of Kan
sas, Missouri. ATkansas and Texas by
j reason of the unfortunate situation now
prevailing in the Indian Territory.
Pettigrew (Silver) of South Dakota, in
I charge of the bill, accepted the first part
of Vest's amendment and it was agreed to.
Pettigrew offered to accept also the lat
ter ] art of Vest's amendment by modify
ing the clause so as to make it read that
the laws of tlie Indian councils shall b iv
force unless disapproved by the President.
A long speech was made by Bale (D.) of
Tennessee en a point oi order which was
made against tbe committee amendment.
Before any disposition of the question was
ciade the presiding officer, Pasco (D.) of
Florida laid before tne Senate the joint
resolution in relation to Julio Sanguujy.
Frye (R. ) of Maine, said a telegram bad
been received, saying that Sanguilly and
his attorney have both acknowledged thai
the judgment was just; that the punish
ment was just ; that they have withdrawn
the appeal; that the Queen Regent bats
signed the pardon and that Sanguilly is
free.
"While I regard that as unfortunate in
many respects," said Frye, "it seems to
me that it leaves this joint resolution with
out any necessity for further considera
tion. Ido not believe and I never did be
lieve in wasting powder simply for tbe pur
pose of making a noise. Ido not believe
that any one will doubt nay friendship for
Cuba.
•'Every pulsation of my heart is with
the patriots who are struggling lor liberty
j and is In utter detestation of the brutali
j ties of Spain. But holding as I do that
I condition of mind I do not beiieve that
there is any further necessity for consid
ering this resolution, and l hope that the
Senate will proceed to the consideration of
the Indian appropriation bill."
Lodge (R.)of Massachusetts said that
the Sanguiliy case could not be disposed
of by sneers. There were many cases
which had been suppressed. So far as the
committee was concerned, he desired to
say that it had received no information of
Sanguilly's pardon. The case had been
considered by the committee for more
than a month, and had beer postponed
from time to time at the request of the
State Department on the ground tnat
Spain had promised to pardon the man.
Finally the committee reported the reso
lution, and it was debated by the StUate.
The next morning the cable announced
that Sariguilly cad been pardoned. The
action of the Senate did it, and the com
mittee is sneered at for its efforts.
Call (D. ) of Florida offered a resolution
and asked immediate consideration and
passage, calling on the President to send
to the Senate all correspondence relating
to the imprisonment and death in Cuba
of Dr. Ruiz, an American citizen, and lo
state what effort, if any, had been made
to obtain further information on tbe sub
ject.
White (D.) of California objected to its
consideration.
Hale (R.) of Maine urged that the ap
propriation bills be proceeded with and
dsclared with some sarcasm that tbe
"moot court" was over.
Senator Morgan informed Hale that if
be proposed to begin a lecturing tour he
would find that he did not have a lot of
school children for his audience. Tbe
Senator from Maine served notice yes
terday, he said, that the Sanguilly resolu
tion could not pass, after the Senate by a
large majority had displaced the appro
priation bill with it.
Hale interposed an objection to the con
struction Morgan placed upon his remarks
and said that what he meant was that
such a resolution could not be expected to
pass without reasonable debate.
"Oh! It makes little difference what
the Senator now says," retorted Morgan.
"We all knew what he meant. He meant
that it should not pas* at all, if be could
help it. The Senator from California iook
the floor during the afternoon and made a
long constitutional speech, not on tbe
merits of the resolution at all, but for tho
purpose of staving off action until some
thing happened. Now that something
has happened. And how are we informed
of it? Through the press. We have noth
ine from the President to show that San
guilly has been pardoned. We are left
altogether in Ihe dark.
"The relations between the Preaident.'and
the Congress and the American peopie on
this Cuban question are so strained that
we are unable to get any information out
of him. Ido not wonder that the Presi
dent prefers the darkness to the light."
Every citizen, Morgan said, who held
naturalization papers and bore a Spanish
name who had been arrested in Cuba —
and few escaped— had been discriminated
against by the Spanish authorities.
With pointed emphasis Morgan said the
friends of Cub.i, when they began to dis
cuss this question, knew that Spain had
not only apologists but direct advocates
on the floor of the Senate, but that made
none the less peremptory the oblipation
for them to do their duty. Referring to
the cabled dispatch that pardon bad been
extended to Sanguilly he asked what had
brought that about. Answering, he said
it was because the Queen of Spain — for
whom he had a great respect — could not
stand the exposure. If she could have
sustained by any law of humanity or
otherwise the action of her officers in
Cuba, would she not nave felt it her duty
to stand by them?
"But," said Morgan, with bitter sar
casm, "thiiiK what joy this result must
bring to that statesman in tbe White
House, who for two years has been down
on his 'hunkers' praying for Sanguillv's
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1897.
release and now finds it brought about by
other means.
'•The President," Senator Morgan
added, "escapes two duties, one to his
country and another to his manhood. I
am willing he may escape both. I am
willing that Sanguilly shall be thus im
molated. But I wash my hands of it
here, in the presence of the Senate of the
United States. I am not guilty, tnanK
God, of that."
Call read a dispatch from the New York
Herald of to-day to the effect that Consul-
General Lee had called upon Secretary
Olney for a warship, inquired whether
there was American j-hips of war ready to
be sent to Havana, and had declared that
he would not stand another Ruiz murder.
He was asked by Morgan whether he
thought the didpatch was authentic, and
he said he thought it just as authentic as
the dispatch announcing the pardon of
Saneuilly.
Gray read a press dispatch saying that
Secretary Olney had received a cablegram
to-day from Consul-General Lee stating
that Sanguilly had been released. "That,"
said Gray, "was the end we had in view.
So much has been accomplished by and
through the Secretary of State, who
throughout all this aad business ha* never
failed to assert the power and dignity of
his coumry in behalf of these Spanish-
American citizens."
Daniel (D.) of Virginia— We can say at
least that the joint resolution introduced
the day before yesterday has not delayed
the release of Saneuilly. [Laughter.]
Hill (D.) of New York moved the con
sideration of executive business. The mo
tion was rejected and the consideration ot
the Indian appropriation bill was pro
ceeded with. No progress was made.
The fortification appropriation bill was
reported and placed o:i the calendar, and
at 6 p. m. the Senate took a recess until
7:30 r. m.
The lirst twenty minutes of the evening
session were devoted to private pension
bills.
A resolution was adopted requesting the
House to return the Senate bill donating
to the Daughters of the American Revo
lution a site in the Washington monu
ment grounds for the erection of a memo
rial museum.
Consideration of the Indian appropria
tion bill was then resumed — the question
being on an amendment to substitute
United States courts for Indian courts in
Indian Territory.
Teller (silver) of Colorado, and Hoar
(R.) of Massachusetts favored the amend
ment on the eround that tbe Indian
courts were corrupt.
The amendment was a creed to. The
Indian appropriation bill was then passed
and tbe postofflce appropriation bill
taken up. It was laid aside, however, and
the II iuse bill passed authorizing tne
Territories to fund their indebtedness at
a lower rate of interest.
Quay (It.) of Pennsylvania gave notice
that to-morrow he wou!d call up the bill
to forbid the sale of liquor in the Capitol,
and Hill gave notice (sotto voce) that he
would oppose it.
At 11:40 the Senate adjourned until to
morrow.
IT IS 1131 E TO CALL A HALT.
Scandalous Per*onal attack on Lee by a
spa nt Official.
NEW YORK, N. V.. Feb. 26.— A Herald
special from Havana via Key West says:
The Marquis de Palmerola made a scanda
lous personal attack on General Lee
Wednesday night in the Palace in the
presence of several American newspaper
correspondents.
The incident arose because the censor
refused to pass a dispatch for the cor
respondents which said that the release of
Scott had been demanded because he was
both arrested and Kept in prison in de
fiance of the law.
"Who told you that?" shouted General
Palmerola, the Secretary of State for the
island.
"General Lee," replied a correspondent
calmly.
"General Lee in a liar, imposter and
rebel," sbouted the little Marquis, with
an oath.
General Lee is of course too busily en
gaged in protecting the lives and property
of our fellow-citizens to pay any attention
to Palmerola' s outbreak.
The situation is still the same as de
scribed to you on Wednesday.
General L?e leaves Havana at tbe mo
ment when be is satisfied that tbe Gov
ernment at Washington will not do its
whole duty in preventing the occurrence
of another Ruiz murder.
The investigation promised by the Span
ish Government into the manner in which
Ruiz came to his death has been begun,
but with closed doors and apparently
without the slightest attempt to preserve
even an outward appearance of sham legal
procedure.
A young lady, a member of one of the
many distinguished French families who
have plantations near Santiago de Cuba,
has been arrested and thrown into the
Casa de Recojas, or prison for disorderly
women, in that place.
The charge against her is that she was
making lint to dress the wounds of the
insurgents. Tne papers in the case are
now in the hands of the acting French
Consul-General here, and it is expected
that energetic action will be authorized
from Paris. The French colony and mer
chants are very indignant and demand
immediate action on the part of their
country. They ask that Count Sala, the
Consul-General, now in Paris, return im
mediately to his post, as the acting Con
sul-General, they say, is not protecting
French interests.
Fondevilla's column returned on
Thursday night to Guanabacoa. It Lad
had a fight that morning with Arango and
Aranguern and lost fifty out of 200 men.
The .troops had a fight with a local party
on Wednesday one mile out of Santa Clara
city. Fifty Spanish guerillas and bom
beros were killed. Many Spanish prisoners
were taken but afterward liberated.
Information has been received here
from Sancti Spiritus to the effect that
General Weyler visited the jail there on
Monday last, and was very much dis
pleased with the conditions found. In
that jail Sylyester Scovel, an American
newspaper correspondent, is confine. i.
General Weyler immediately ordered a
change of the warden and dismissed all
of the attendants who had been kind to the
correspondent. The bed has been removed
from bis cell.
AVERT FURTHER FRICTION.
Cleveland and Dine;/ Shew Their Friend
• /tip for Spain.
HAVANA, Cuba, Feb. £6.— lt is under
stood here that Secretary Olney, as fur
ther evidence of his and President Cleve
land's friendship for Spain, has instructed
Consui-General Lee to act with caution in
bis dealings with the Spanish authorities
and to spare no effort to avert further
friction with them. By Spaniards here
this is given to mean that General Lee, to
meet the approbation of bis superiors in
ottice, must not be as persistent as he has
been heretof re in pressing fora recogni
tion of the rights of American citizens.
It is rumored that the reason why Gene
ral Lee still holds ; his post is that he has
been induced to do so by private in tima
tions from a high Republican that he will
be supported by the incoming Republican
administration in upholding American
rights and honor.
Julio Sanguilly, the American citizen
who was twice sentenced to imprisonment
for life on the charge of beine a rebel, was
released this afternoon, the Queen Regent
having pardoned him.
He at once left the Cabanas Fortress,
where he bad been confined awaiting the
result of his appeal against his sentence,
and started for home. He was naturally
highly elated at being at liberty again
after being confined for over two years,
and he was so anxious to get to his fam
ily that he did not have time to talk about
his experiences. He will leave to-morrow
for the. United States with his family,
traveling by way of Tampa. It is re
ported that lie has promised never to re
turn to Cubu.
STOPPED HI THE VESUVIUS.
The Tug Vauntltt* A ot. Permitted, to De
part From Port.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., Feb. 26.— The
tag Dauntless bad a little tilt with the
cruiser Vesuvius to-day. She tried to
leave the river, when lour blasts from t 1 c
Vesuvius' big whistle were beard. The
tug did not obey and a second and third
were blown. Seeing other preparations
made to stop her by force, the "tug yielded
and came into dock again. It is believed
that this was done to make a case against
the Government for damages stronger, al
leging illegal detention.
It is reported to-night that the cruiser
Indiana is at the bar and will go south in
the morning. Her destination is unknown,
but her presencs here has aroused much
comment on account of the Cuban situa
tion.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 26.-The
alleged filibustering steamer Dauntless, in
whose behalf suit was filed yesterday
against the Collector ol Customs at Jack
sonville for unlawful detention, declined
to accept the condition-* offered by the
Treasury Department for her departure
from the port, and as a result wat ot per
mitted to leave.
SCORES CLEV£L,IM> AAD OLXEV.
Strong Resolution Adopted by the Se
biiitfca Stat* Senate.
LINCOLN, Nebr., Feb. 2G.— In the State
Senate to-day Caldwellof Nichols County
offered the following resolution:
Whereas, We are reliably Informed by dis
patches through the public press from Cuba
that the flag of this country is daily being dig
honored in the streets of Havana, that Amerl
cans arc not only being hissed along the thor
oughfares of the city, but are being robbed
and Imprisoned and murdered by the Span
iards, and indignities are heaped on Ameri
can women there, and every atrocity conceiv
able lor a Spaniard to visit on Americana Is
being thrust upon them; therefore, be it
Rctolvtd, By the Senate of the State of Ne
braska, that we regard such treatment as bar
barous in the extreme and inimical to the
spirit that should be shown by one civilized
Government to another, and that longer si
lence or inaction on behalf of the United mates
would be a dishonor to the dignity and loyalty
of the Nation; that we resent and disapprove
the attitude and policy of the present admin
istration in Its unpatriotic treatment of these
outrages dally committed by Spain against our
National honor; and that we commend the
action of Consul-General Lee In resigning his
consulship rather lhau obey the instructions
of the State Department in its unpatriotic, un-
American policy in America.
It was introduced as a party measure,
being signed by the seven Republican
Senators, but was adopted by an almost
unanimous vote, but one Senator oppos
ing it. _ .
M /. } l.t:i.s cm sir. nay FAILED.
General Rivera Say Bit Effort* Were
Itidicutout.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 25.— A letter
dated Rio Hondo, Cuba, January 11, has
been received by T. Estrada Palma, presi
dent of the Cuban Junta in this city, from
General Rivera, who has taken the place
of General Maceo in the patriot army.
General Rivera, after lamenting the death
of Maceo, says:
"General Weyler's campaign in Pinar
del Rio wasa ridiculous failure. We knew
that the campaign was decidedly in our
favor sooner and easier than wo expected.
The balance ot Weyler's forces, after try
ing once or twice to take our positions on
the hills without success, employed them
selves in burning the lowlands to the right
and left of the railroads and tbe houses
occupied by the pacincos."
LIVE MEN ARE AT WORK.
Marin Developmeci Association
Organizing a Committee
of Fifty.
The Obj ct Is to Sicnre C:-Opjra
tioa for the B?aut:fication of
Marin County
The Marin Development Association
has been actively at work for the last few
days organizing a committee of fifty to
constitute a committee ui>on projects of
public development in Marin County. A
commission, consisting of Morris Schwartz
secretary of the California Association,
and B. Allen Brown, secretary of the
Marin Association, is in charge of the
organization of this committee ana has
met with much encouraging success as a
result of the first few days' work. The
following have agreed to act upon tbe
same:
Dr. L. L. Dun bar, Sydney V. Smith, James E
Walsh, General R. H. Warfield, J. \V. Dorsey,
J. W. Wright, William Corbin, Edgar M. Wil
son, Edgar C. Chapman, W. I. Pixley, J. D.
Maxweh, J. H. Pryor. S. F. Bamow. Louis L.
Janes, E. Steele, ft. A. Boole, C. A. Harmon, W.
J. Thomas, Thomas H. Fotrell, C. J. Dowd,
Commodore C. H. Harrison.
Secretary Schwartz says that the object
of the formation of this committee is 10
assist in the promotion of a boulevard, be
ginning at Sausalito and Belvedere and
running to San Rafael, then branching
out into other parts of the county, in
other words establishing a road system
covering the whole county by the im
provement of present roadways and the
creating of new ones as may be neces
sary.
"We look upon this work," he said, "as
being essential to the carrying out of
projects for the development of Marin
County. It is expected to take up im
mediately the work of improving and
beautifying Marin County and the resi
dence districts not only in the matter of
roads but in other public utilities and
conveniences as fast as they can be got to.
We are very well pleased with the suc
cess with which our proposition has been
received, as already a considerable num
ber of the most Influential ratn in the
rounty have been secured to act upon it.
We hope by the creation of a botiv like
this 10 get much more intelligent and con
certed action than we would otherwise be
able to, even by a meeting of the members
of tbe association. The character and
standing of tho men who have taken bold
are sue i as place the thin.: in excellent
condition. '■
Tbe meeting of this committee will be
held some time next week at which it will
be formally organized and placed in worn
ing order.
THE WRIT RAN ASTRAY.
Sup3rior Court Judges Would
Not Sit in Bank to
Hear It
Attorney Critfenden's Vaia Attempt
to Gather Together a GaUxy
cf Justices.
Attorney James Crittenden appeared in
Judge Hebbard's court and asxed for a
further postponement of the habeas corpus
case wherein he was sentenced to jail for
contempt of court.
Judge Hebbard said he had already
granted all the delay that was right. He
deemed that he had exhausted his disore
tionary powers and that the matter must
1 be heard, according to the previous order
of the court, at 10 o'clock this morning.
Mr. Crittenden replied that lie would
not be ready to proceed at that time; that
be had been attempting to get all the Su
perior Judges to sit in bank for the pur
pose of hearing the argument in this case,
but be had not yet been able to make the
arrangement.
To this Judge Hebbard responded that
of Mr. Crittenden is not prepared to take
up the matter he would dismiss the writ
and remand the petition, but if he wished,
would at once grant another writ, returna
ble before Presiding Judge Seawell. As
for himself, Judae Hebbard said he was
not willing to let the matter drag along in
his department any longer.
Mr. tritiendsn gave notice that he would
object to such proceeding, but the court
reiused to reconsider the determination
already announced.
When Judge Slack ordered the im
prisonment of Attorney Crittenden for
contempt because he appears l in court in
the Ashley- Baldwin seduction case with
a loaded six-shooting revolver in his hip
pocket, Mr. Crittenden applied to Judge
Hebbard ior a writ of habeas corpus. His
Honor granted the writ and made it re
turnable before all the Judges of the Su
perior Court "sitting in bank."
This provision by Judge Hebbard for
submitting the question to all the Judges
"sitting in bank," is by his compeers
gently spoken of as "an inconsiderate
act," for the reason that the Superior
Court never sits in bank.
At the annual meeting of the Judges on
the first Monday of January Judge Heb
bard broached the subject and asked his
colleagues to ascend the bencn with him
for the purpose of reviewing Judge Slack's
action.
Judge Wallace was the first to object.
He said that the act of one Judge of the
Superior Court in committing a man for
contempt done in the presence of the
court ought to be regarded as the act of
the court, ana that he tnought the person
who considered himself injured should be
invited to apply to the Supreme Court for
any relief to which he deemed himseif en
titled.
Now Judge Hebbard is impelled to dis
miss the writ, remand the petitioner and
let him proceed further as he may b« ad
vised.
BLUE VS. EED EOOK.
The Stwrt Committee Xa Asked to
Abolish the Kattler Test.
The Street Committee sought enlight
enment last night on the subject of the
respective merits of blue and red rock for
maca amizinir and concrete purposes, as
advocated by contractors and quarrv
owners interested in one or the other.
The advocates of red rocfc also urged the
abolition of the Rattler test, while the ad
vocates of blue rock were equally deter
mined in their support of its retention.
The Joirner argued that the Rattler test
is altogether inconclusive and unsatisfac
tory and that whereas it is admittedly the
case that red rock is frequently con
demned when subjected thereto, a material
like soapstone will pays through it un
scathed. The red rock party freely as
serted that the blue rock gentlemen con
stituted a monopolistic combination, and
the biue rock gentlemen assured the
committee that their only desire was to
promote the cause of good road construc
tion.
The committee listened to the discus
sion for three hours, and will subse
quently report its conclusions to the
board.
The principal speakers on behalf of red
rock, and who advised the abolition of the
Rattler t«st, were J. C. Heggerty, J. B.
Crocker, Joseph Scheerer, Diggins and P.
H. Goessel, who were opposed by Mr.
Lukens. £. AicCullougb, George and
Harry Gray, D. Sullivan, Wetmore and C.
A. Warren.
The committee adjourned after further
discussion.
Deprived of His Klghts.
The Supreme Court has overruled the de
ci«ion of the lower court and ordered a new
trial in the case of Joseph M. A. Fournier, a
saloon-keeper, who was convicted of arson in
Madera. There was $600 insurance on the
man's saloon, which burned to the ground
ju^t before he wns to depart for France. At
the trial Fournier tried to explain why he had
removed a cask of wine snd a cask of brandy,
and he wanted to introduce witnesses to prove
that he was about to sell the saloon for more
than the amount of the insurance. Both priv
ileges were denied by the lower court. The
Supreme Court held that this waa not giving
the accused a fair chance to prove his inno
cence of the charge and it made the foregoing
order.
MR. FRANCISCO GARCIA.
TTEN'TURA (CAL.). MR. GARCIA IS ONE OP
» the finest looking men within » day's walk
of Ventura. He is able to hold nis own with
all the young men of this place. When I was
introduced to him! remarked his strength,
and he told me it waa only a while ago when
he was out of sorts, all rim down, no appetite
and troubled with sleeplessness. He was ad-
v sed to and aid use Joy's Vegetable Sarsapa-
rilla. He told me exactly what hundreds have
before said. He soon began to sleep at night,
his bowels bacame regular, his appetite re-
turned, and he was enabled to do a good day's
work, cut a fair share of iood and sleep his
allotted hours. Now he weighs 180 pounds,
and in all his movements shows the perfectly
healthy man. Speaking of Joy's Vegotable
Sarsapariiia, he said: "I did not use the
remedy until I had been advised to do so, and
then I did not put much faith in it, but now I
can safely say that Joy's Vegetable Sprsapa-
rlllft is a gre»t remedy, an-1 th«t it clarifies the
biood, leaving no bid effects oi the entire
body. I never had a sing c pimple or blemish
on my face; I never had the least disagreeable
feeling whito I used Joy's Vegetable Sarsapa-
rilla. Of course I was not astck man, yet I
felt out of sorts and was beginning to lose
flesh. Yes, I do recommen t Joy'i Vegetab c
Sarsaparilla." HENRY" TILLMAN.
No druggist owns stock in Joy's Vege-
table Sarsaparilia. Any druggist claiming
to Day its advertising bills is a fraud.
Don't let the drug clerk talk you into
buying somotning else for Joy's Vegetable
Sarsaparilla. He laughs at you when
you leave the corner store with, a substi-
tute. Watch biro..
TO-DAT- CLOTHING.
Still Playing
TO CROWDED HOUSES
Unquestionably the people are coming our way. In
spite of the many fakers who are imitating our name,
our number and our sales, the people evidently appre-
ciate the genuine bargains we are offering and are
crowding our store.
We are nearing the end of the first week of this
phenomenal sale ; you have only one'more week to spare.
Six dollars never, NEVER went so far before in
first-class clothing.
Remember these suits are not the cheap satinet
offered in other places, but genuine pure wool — every
thread. Sold regularly for $10, $12, $15 and $16.
The suits are made up in single and double breasted
sacks in the very prettiest of the late colorings ; also in
blue and black cheviots, and some exceptionally neat
worsted serges in dark shades. The Eastern fashion
plates have been followed closely as to styles.
Every suit kept in repair one year free of charge.
Be sure you get the right place.
S. N. WOOD & CO.
(COLUMBIAN WOOLEN MILLS),
541 Market Street.
DJrrcMv Opposite Sans^me.
RAILROAD TRAVEL,: .;/::'
SOMiIKK.iI I'AfiriC COHPAWT.
(pacific hv»tkm.)
Vraln* Imitc i»n<l are flue f o Jirrlie «l
MX nURTIMA.
I.BAVK | J BOMFKBRCARY 16. 1897 I ARRIVE
*«:O«a Kill's. Han Jose and Way Stations... 8:43 a
7:OOa Atlantic Express, Og<leu and Kar.t.. Bt-a3p
7:90 a Banicia, Vacavilie, Ruinsey. Sacra-
mento. OroTille and Redding via
Daris.... 6:43*
7:80 a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, Napa,
Calls toga and Santa Rosa 6:15»
S::tOANilca, Ran .lose, Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, Marysriile, Chlco,
Tehama and Red Bluff 4:13p
•8:30 a Peters and Milton : *7:13r
•:00a Now Orleans Kzpress, Raymond (for'
Yosomltc), Fresno, Balcersiicld,
.Santa llurliara, I .on Angeles, Dem-
ing. El Paso, New Orleans and - -
East 4:4.tp
9:00 a Martinez and Stockton ; 4:45p
»:00a Vallejo • 6:13*
Nil us, San J?ee, LiTermore and
Stockton: : »7:13»
•l:OOp Sacramento RWer Steamers >U:OOp
l:OOp Niles, San Jote and LiTermore 8:43 a
tl:3#p Port Costa and Way Stations i7:43r
4:OOr Martinez, San ltainon, Vallejo,
Napa, Calistoga, XI Verano and
Santullosa 0:1 3 a
<:00p Benlela. VacaTille, Woodland,
Kcights Landing, Marysviile, Oro*
- Title and Sacramento 11:13 a
4<3Op Lathrop. Stockton, Modesto, Mer-
ced and Fresno, going via Niles,
returning via Martinez 11:43*
SiOOpLos Angelas Express. Tracy,
Fresno. Santa Barbara and J.os ->-.
Annelcs .' 7:45 a
BtOOp Santa Fa Route, Atlantic Express ->
for Mojare and East » :45a
0:OOp European Mail, OgtUn and East.... 0:43 a
HaTwards, Nileflanil San Jose 7:4.1
J7:O0 1. VaUcjo 17:13"
7:OUp Oresou Express, Sacramento, Marys.
Tllle, IteiMing, Portland, Pugek - -
.Sound and Kas. 11:13 a
" Sunset Limited." Fresno, Los • v "
Angeles, Hi Paso, New Orleans
and East flg»4sp
SANTA tKII/ IUVtsION (Narrow Wauge).
it I »A Newark. CeiiterviUc,S:ni. lose. Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations i SiSOr
•3il3r Newark. CentcrTille, Kan Jose, New
• Almadeii, Felton, l'ouldcr Creek,
Santa Cruz and . Principe! . Way
Stations MI«Oa |
4:13 1- Newark. Man .Inns and Los Gatos ... . 9:30 a
f 11:<15p Hnriters' Bxcursion, San Jose and
Way Buttons t7t«Of
COAST DIVISION ('III in! A Touiihcikl Sl».)
0:43 a San .lose ami Way .Statimm (New
Almadeu Wednesdays only) I,'tOr
•iISASaii .lone, Tnn» I'iiuis, Hatda Cruz,
Pncilic <>rtiTe. Paso Roblcs, San
. Li i is « il'isno, GuadaJunc, Surf and
Principal Way SUtlons..... 7:OOi-
IO:4Oa San .logo mid Wny Stations BiOOp
IItSOA Palo Alto ami Way Stations....... 3:aO>
*]|:3Oi' San Mateo, Menlo Park, Kan .lose,
Gilroy. Tree Finos, Santa Crur,
Salinas, Monterey ami *IO:4O\
•8:SOp San Josuaud Way Stations ........ &:43\
•4:3Oi>Sau -lose and Way Stations •8:03 »
3:30 1- s.-v .<<>se and Principal Way Stations *f*:434
0:30 1> Jose and Wny Stations «::i.l\
1II:I3i- S^n Joso ami Wav Stations f7:4.y;
- SAX I<KAM>KO AM) IIAtVVAKUS LOCAL.
t'O:OOi * "•" '■ ; ( 7:13 a
8:OOa fO:43i
10.00*1 Morose, Seminary Park, J°:^J
*":S«p FlWitarg, San Leandro . . *»£*
liSSp «* V o ;l:^
IS Hazards. «J»gj
7:OOp B:4^,
0:0 Op < Runs through to Nile*. 10t30p
♦111:13!-; From Niles. ttl2:OOp
CREEK ROUTE FERRY. "
From SIS FRINCISCO— Foot of Market Strut (Slip 8)-.
33 ; isln hSU: U:o ° a:o ° * 3:0
From 01 KIND— Foot or Ero«d way.—. - "6.-00 8:00
lOKKJa.m. tl2:00 »l:00 t«:00 •3:00 t\.K
' •5:00r.M.
A for Morning. p for Afternoon.
' Sundays excepted. t Saturdays only.
'.»«.' . ■ '_ t Sundays only.
ft Monday. Thursday and Saturday nights only.
Trnetdays and Saturdays. IHundars and Thursday*.
SORTn PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausalito Ferry),
•from San Francisco, Commencing Sept. 13, 183 i
WEEKDAYS..'
For Mill Valley « I >J>ii Rafael— •7:25, »9-15
11:00 a. m. : -1:«, 3:4i.«a:15.»i:4i 630 m
Extra trips for Sin Rafael on Monday*, Wedn-s-
-days and Saturdays a; 11:30 p. a.
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and Pan Rafael— *B:oo, "10:00
•11:30 A.M.: *l:iO, 3:00, »4:80. 6:15 p. M.
Trains marked • run to san Quentin.
" , THROUGH TRAINS.
For Point o Reyes and way stations— 7:25 a. v
weekdays, 8:00 a. m. (Sundays, 1:45 p. it Satur-
>orCar»deroand war stations— 7:2s a. m. week-
days; 1:45 f. m. ha:urda;t. i
' ' RAILROAD TRAVEL.
SIS FRANCISCO & NORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tlbnron Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Kafael.
. - ■
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a.m.: 12:3 V,
3:30, 6:10. 6:30 p.m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. it. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:5.1
and 11:30 p. v.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a.m.; 1.30, *:SX
6:00, 6:20 p. if.
San Kafael to San Francinro.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:50, 0:20, 11:10 a. it-
-12:45. 3:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— trlpi
at 1 :55 P. M. and 8:35 P. it. ,i. •■ v .
BTJNDAYB— 8:10, 9:40, 11:10 a. M.; 1:40, 3:l*
6:00, 6:25 P.M. *
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park same
schedule as above. ■
.Leave TnoffAot ' Arrivo
San Francisco. oct? 14? 8 n Fran( slsca
Wmkl Snx-. T.e.tfniVion. Susr- ■ Wkkk"
Days. | days, "Mtlnatlon. DAYa^ | DAYa
7 :30 am 8 :00 am Norato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:3opm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:26 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm| 6:22 ex
" Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
Heaidsburg,
Lytton, I
Geyservllle,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 PU 6:22 p«
j Pieta, r'_-
Hopland it
7:30 am! 8:00 am ' Uklah. 7:35 pm 6:22
7:30 am ■ 10:25 am
8 :00 Alt Guernevllle. 7:35 pm ,
3 :30 PM 6:22
7:30 am 8:00 AC Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
6:10 pm, 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 PM 6:22 pm
! 7:30 am 1 8 :00 am sohMtonol 1 10:40 AM|lO:2 %am
: 3:30 pm 1 5 :00 pm | SebaatopoL 1 6:10 pm [ 6:22 pm
I • stages connect at Santa Kosa for Mark West
Springs; at Geyservllle for SkagKs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pleta for Highland
Sprints, Kelseyville, Soda Bay and lakeport; at
i HopUnd for Lakeport and Bardett Spring*; at
, Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Bluo
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter
Valley. John Day'», Riverside. Llerley's< Buck-
nell's, Sanhedrln Heights.. Huliville. Booneville,
Greenwood, Git's Hot Springs. Mendoulno City,
Fort Bragg, Westport, "Usal, wiiiets. Cahto. Co-
velo. Layionvllle, Harris, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets atreduosl
rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to alt points b«-
-) ond San Kufael at half ra'.o*-
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle bnnainj.
A. W. FOSTER, B. X. RYAS,
Vres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Atlantic
leave arriva atßSBgj|g
SASTA m EXPRESS.
To Chicago Yla A. & P.^K^gp^ffT^
Leaves da ly a; 5 :JO p. m.. carrvlnr Pullman laIAC«
I)rawlnK-room and Modern Upnolsr'jred Tonrlu
Sleeping-cars, which run dally throaeh to Chic m
™ lLanaas, City. Annex cars lor Denver and *.
, Boston Kxcurslons. via Kansas Glty, Chlcamk
Montreal and the White .Mountains leave ever?
1 1 esda.v. .. \. . . . , *
The best railway from California to the Eaw,
New rails, new ties: no dust: Interesting scenery,
ana good meals in Harvey's dining-room*
San Francisco Ticket OBico. 044 Marks*
I St., Chronicle Building. Telephone Maia
1&31* Oakland, 1118 Broadway.
MOUHT TAJIALPAIS.
Coa r Kall?oad. et wltn North P8Oiil »
Coast Railroad.
WEEK i>.\Y Leaves. F. 9:1"5 a. m. l:4">p«.
Returning— S. K. 3:25 p. m. 6:20 p' m!
SUNDAYS— Leave S.F.BA.M 11:80 a.m. I:3opj*l
Returning— Arrive S.F.I :16 p. M 4:20 p.m. 7:35 -'3*
'llckets for sale In Mill Valiey or
THO>. COOK 4 s-ONs, Hil Market au. 8. F.
Mill Valley and Mount Tamalpaia bceale fuiiw>y<
THE m FRii\CiSCO UJ m hMli
:.. VALLEIf RAILWAY COIPAJV. "
M A d^ HY 3X ' 1897 ' PaMen *" train.
1 sjsss; to?*;*
9:« a. m Merced.... .....8514P Jt
11:S0a m.:.......... Fresno.... ...... 1:10 p m*
For Intermediate stations see timo-t able '
Connectins: steamboats of the C X. i l. C»
.cave ban Francisco and Siocktanat 6 p. m. daily.
56
•' CHARLES M. SMOKTRIDQE,
•_. Editor and Proprietor. - ••
.SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Po«Us« Free:
Dally and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier. .$0.16
.Pally and Sunday Cam., one year, by ma 11 .... 6.00
, bally and Sunday Cam,, six months, by mall.. 3.00
 Daily end Similar Cam., three months by mail 1.50
■Dai'y-ancl Sunday Call, one month, by mail« .66
Sunday Call, one year, by mail 1.60
•> wiitLy Call, one year, by mall » I.M
BUSINESS OFFICE:
" •".'.. 7 10 Market Street,
" ' San Francisco, California-.
Telephone Main-IBM
• • - -
. V . i- EDITORIAL ROOMS:'
• '•' 517 Clay Street.
..•TeTepfcOM..' lttln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES i
• 527 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
: D:3O o'clock.
■ .339 Hayes street; open tint il 9:30 o'clock.
615 X.arkln street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
. ■ BW. comer Sixteenth and Mission streets; opes
• i nty 9 o'clock. u\- ■■■.
"' 2518 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
■"• 167 Ninth street; open until 9 o'clock.
''1305 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock,
'"■ OAKLAND OFFICB:
• ' • £08 Broadway.
'-." • . ; EASTERN I OFFICE :
I?ooma 31 and 32, M Park Row, New York City.
•*• DAVID M. FOLTZ, Eastern Manager. ■■
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
••SATURDAY FKBRUABY 27, 1397
During the week ending Sat-
urday last THE CALL published
4:500 inches
of advertisements, which is
•*4-Q!~>. inches more
than was published by any other
San Francisco newspaper during
the same time.
. "Ge.t the Federal building started.
;. San- Francisco must work for her appro
priation.
Make a strong pull all together and it
won't Dave to be a Jong pull.
Cleveland threw us in the hole, but we
can count on McKinley to help U3 out.
Work on our new building should bepin
with the work of the new administration.
Vo 1 .; will wish The Sunday Call to-mor
row, so you had better leave orders for it
to-day.
•'•.On .March ! there will be first an im
niense sizh of relief and then a tumultn
ous; universal cheer.
• The best way to get the incoming Secre
tary oi the Treasury to satisfy our wants
is toinfoFm him we at they are.
The Senatorial debate on the Cuban
question came very near being a war
dance, and Spain had better look out.
if Cleveland was half baked rrhen he
• entered office what is his condition now
altera'.l the roastinc he has undergone?
San Francisco has taken a back seat so
far as Government work is concerned for &
l.Ong time. Ltst us now move up to the
front.-
It-looks now as if our Golden Gate Carni
val would be something to be proud of.
It already shines on the horizon iike a
bright .light.
There is to be no investigation by the
State Senate of the coyote-scalp claims.
It seems there are too many of them, and
.Jhe q'dor is not enticing.
• We bee to remind the legislators that in
Addition to the people of the State whb
wish appropriations there are others, and
the others are taxpayers.
The" Turkish Government has been vir
tually eliminated from the politics of
Europe, but the Turk himself remains
and may make trouble yet.
The appropriations proposed by the
Legislature are in full accord wltn gen
erosity, but they could be pruned with an
£i without hurting justice any.
The fact that tbe Senate shoved an ap
propriation bill aside in order to discuss
the Cuban question shows that this is not
such an economic age after all as some
people thin* it is.
The policy of Salisbury to grant eu
tonqmy to Crete, but compel her to re
main a part of tbe Turkish empire, is
clearly designed to throw the patient into
fits in order to cure her later on.
As King George replies to the demands
of the powers that he will not recall bis
troops from Crete, but having taken the
sword will stay with it, it is evident he
has either a secret backing or a very visi
ble backbone.
Secretary Morton has found a friend at
• last. The Florists' Exchange approves his
opposition to the free distribution of seed.
The approval, however, seems to com* not
so much from a sympathetic spirit as from
■ a trade feeling.
"I am opposed to wrong, violence and
tyranny wherever they are exercised, and
when tney are inflicted on an American
citizen I. will stand up for him even if I
have-to stand alone.' So spoke Senator
Sherman in the Senate on Thursday, and
so will net Secretary Sherman when he
enters the State office.
The suggestion of Mr. Irish that our
delegation in Congress should work for
an increase of the appropriation avail
able for the beginning of the construction
of the Federal building in this City is a
good one. As Mr. Irish says, the money
has to come some time, and nothing is
gained by issuing it in comparatively
tniall sums
A number of experts have been exam
ined by a leeisJative committee in Massa
chusetts with regard to preventing danger
from the use of water gas, and one and ali
of them declared the best means would
be to turn the gas off at the place where
it is made, and keep it turned off. The
remedy, it is admitted, would be efficient,
but somehow it is not regarded as satis
factory.
Some of the leading papers in the East
assert that the investigation of trusts now
going on before the New York Legislature
is not being made with any intention to
eet the facts, or to remedy the evil of
»uch combinations, but to make a grand
stand play before the people and at tbe
same time give the trusts a chance to
make public a mass of testimony in their
favor. That is the kind of treatment a
reformer gets in the world. Whoever
makes a fight is always accused of mak
ing it in the wrong way.
PUSHING THE WORK.
The movement undertaken by The Call to brine about a speedy beginning of the
work of constructing the new Federal building in this City goes forward with com
mendable vigor. It baa been promptly supported by tbe commercial and industrial
associations of the City and has found favor with the people generally. It is reason
able, therefore, to expect good results. We may yet see the ground broken and the
work becun before the coming spring gives wn3 r to summer.
One of the encouraging features of the situation is that there is no apparent
obstacle of any magnitude in tbe way of success. From all that can belearned.it
seems the delay in the construction of the building has been due solely to a deter
mination on tbe part of the present administration not to undertake it. This opinion,
clearly stated by Congressman Maguire, is shored by every member of the California
delegation at Washington, if this is so the obstacle which has interposed in the past
will be removed on March 4. We shall then have a new administration and a hew
method of doing public business. We have been balked by Cleveland, but we will be
helped by McKinley.
It will not do for us, however, to trust everything to the incoming administration.
It must be borne in mind the newly appointed oilicials will have a thousand things
to claim their attention and in the rush of the new worK they have undertaken the
claims of San Francisco will in all probability be overlooked if tuey are not persist
ently urged by our Representatives in Congress. We must, therefore, be diligent oar
selves if we hope to attain an early beginning of the work on the new building. If
we are indifferent others will be indifferent. There will be no decided movement in
Washington until there has been aroused here a sufficient energy to set it going.
In an interview published in Tjje Call yesterday, John P. Irish made a sueges
tion of prime importance to the issue in saying. "The first thing that is necessary to
the construction of the now building is for Congress to pass an act increasing the
available appropriation." It would be well to have this suggestion acted on as lar as
possible. As Mr. Irish says: "It is not a wise policy to start work on a building
whicb is to cost several millions of dollars with only a comparatively email sum of
available money." If it is possible for us to obtain the proposed appropriation, it
would certainly be expedient to do so, and at any rate the advantage which would be
derived from such an increased appropriation is worth working for, even, if the effort
to obtain it should be something of a forlorn hope.
While we strive for the appropriation suggested by Mr. Irish, we should not, how
ever, overlook the fact that the chief Doint at i sue is to get the work started. It is
known that the new administration will be inclined to do everything in its power to
promote an immediate revival of industrial activity in all parts of the country.
Every official will be predisposed to a prompt beginning of every work of public im
provement for which there is any available money in the treasury. This fact will be
of great help to us in our efforts to attain tne beginning of the work before spring is
over. We ought to profit by this friendly disposition on the part of the incoming
Government and urge our claims in such a way that they will be speedily attended to.
The earnestness with which the commercial ana industrial associations of this
City have entered into tbe movement to obtain the much-desired construction of tbe
proposed building is in the highest degree commendable. Their activity will be a
potent aid to our delegation in Congress in achieving success. They speak for the
whole people of San Francisco, and do something more than speaic. They give
actual aid and help to the movement and will be among the strongest influences in
bringing about the result for which the people have so long waited.
With an administration favorable to our claims, with a Congressional delegation
roused to new activity in urging them, with the commercial and industrial associa
tions of the City combined to work for them and with the whole people awakened to
a new resolve to succeed, we may fairly look forward to a successful accoruDlishmeut
of our desires. Let the agitation be kept up and it will go hard with us if we do not
see the ground broken and tbe work on the new building begun and fairly under way
in a comparatively short time.
THE FAIR ESTATE.
It is about time that the washing of the dirty linen of the late James G. Fair
should be completed and the soiled remnent ot his estate removed from public view.
From tbe time of the demise of that bard-headed and hard-banded member of the
famous coterie of Bonanza millionaires until the present his wills, his heirs, his
attorneys and the claimants of specific portions of his estate have engrossed
the attention and clogged the calendars of the civil and criminal courts of San
Francisco with a series of gyrations which have increasingly bewildered the public
mind. For more than two years this absorption of our judicial system has continued
and in the interest of less wealthy but more scrupulous litigants it should be allowed
to continue no longer. The public have some rights in the premises which the
squabbling claimants to the estate should be compelled to respect.
It was apparently not enough that the Probate Court should have been made dor
ing the past fwo years the scene of a comic opera performance over the issue as to
which really was the last will and testament ot the dead millionaire, in the progress
of which neither dramatic similies nor legal consistencies were observed by his attor
neys and heirs, and throughout which they were on this side and that of the question
as their interests seemed to from time to time b««. It was not enough that
the civil branch of the Superior Court should havj been invoked
to determine the issue as to the validity of the Craven deeds.
It was not even enough that month after month should pass in skirmishes prepara
tory to tbe civil trial, which when finally reached would apparently settle every one
nf the controversies which have arisen over the wills and deeds of Senator fair.
After ali this exhausting of the time and patience of the civil tribunals and of the
public, whose business they should dispatch, and after the respective litigants with
their numerous counsel have been drawn up in battle array, our criminal courts
and processes are suddenly and strangely drawn into the controversy and in
their turn become the clothes-line for the Fair estate. The Police Department of San
Francisco, which for nearly two years stood by the ringside an inactive witness of a
variety of most peculiar legal antics on the part of the princ.pal aspirants for a parti
tion of the Fair minions, was all at once aroused to the urgent necessity of its participa
tion therein. For the past several months its chief detective bureau has been devoted
in the most active— not to say obsequious— service of the moneyed side of the litigation
The recent indications are that not only the criminal department of the Superior
Court but even the Grand Jury itself is to be involved in inquiries which ought to
have been tiied and determined in the civil courts a year or more ago.
It would seem to be nearly time for public patience to protest in this matter
against the wasteful and unreasonable appropriation of its judicial system by the Fair
estate. It is now quite well understood that the civil case which directly puts in
issue the genuineness of the Craven deeds and incidentally the pencil will is ready
for trial, and it appears that the claimant and her counsel are only too anxious to
proceed. Why not concentrate the whole case in a single court
and dispose of it there? Why drag the Grand jury away
from its other and in fact more important public business to the assistance of either
side of the civil controversy ? Why involve the detective service of San Francisco in
this matter when it could be so much more proritably engaged (at least from a public
point of view) in seeking out the uncaught criminals of our City? Why clog the
already congested calendars of our criminal courts with tbis or that phase of this
matter when every phase of it is ready for trial in the civil department*? Why is it
that the Fair estate and those who represent it are outdoing Fabius in
expedients for delaying tho very case which would speedily determine every issue
affecting the ownership of property, while they are openly involving almost every
other department of the local judicial system in issues which can only embarrass and
prolong the litigation?
The general public who have business with our courts and who pay taxes for their
maintenance have some rights in the premises and are entitled to demand that a
speedy end be put of their appropriation to tne selfish and tortuous purposes oi those
who are interested in the Fair estate.
STATE APPROPRIATIONS.
The detailed report given in The Call
yesterday of the various amounts the Leg
islature may be called upon to appropri
ate for all purposes at this session serves
to direct public attention once more to the
danger of an excessive taxation for the
next two fiscal years. According to this
review the summary of proposed appro
priations is a* follows:
General appropriation bi11......... 94,815,776
School fund • -. 4,029 9^o
State University '481K0U0
Orphans and hall orphans.... 075,000
Interest and sinking fund '282,870
Deficiency claims favorably re
ported 1901222
Reapproprlated for Affiliated Col
leges... 125,000
Heappropriated tor impounding
mining debris .•  "50 000
Coyote claims bill, in hands ol\fY- '
nance Committee... • ° 87 000
Bills to be adversely reported upon ■■■ ■'
(estimated) „. 000 000
KsMmated increase to general an- ' ' '
propriation -bi11. ...... -.-...- . . 200 000
Sacramento River dredger bi11. .'.".'- 300,000
Total ••• .' $10,000/794
As there is about $750,000 remaining in
the treasury there would have to be raised
by taxation if all these appropriations* are
adopted a sura in excess of $15,230,000. As
the total assessed valuation of the property
of the State is estimated at $1,200,000,000
such appropriations would entail an an
nual tax levy of 63 cents on the $100. This
sum. it goes without saying, is larger than
the people are willing to pay. It behooves
the. Legislature, therefore, to make active
use of the pruning knife on the proposed
appropriation bills and reduce them con
siderably below the figures given.
There is every reason to believe the
leaders of botc houses thoroughly under
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1897.
stand the importance of economy at this
time and will see to it that tbe desired re
ductions are made. It is said the tax levy
bill will be the last measure acted upon
hy the Legislature and that members of
the Finance Committees are of the opinion
appropriations may be so arranged that it
will not be necessary to call for more than
a 50-cent levy. This report is encouraging,
but the people snould not trust wholly to
| it. From every section of the State there
| should go up protests against tbe heavy
j appropriations proposed and a demand
I for strict economy.
THE CAUBE OF CUBA.
The committee appointed by Mayor
l'lielan to co-operate with similar com
mittees in other cities lo advance the
cause of Cuban independence i» now fully
organized and ready lo begin its work. It
is the intention of the committee to call a
niass-meetintf at an early date, in order to
«ive expression to the sentiments of the
people and to make manifest the Jact that
San Francisco stands in this issu«> along
side her sister cities in supporting a cause
which is truly American not only in geog
raphy but in principle.
At the meeting of the committee last
night there was displayed a spirit of earn
est devotion lo the wort. All who were
present signified a willingness to actively
aid the movement, and to Rive it every
assistance in tneir power. Tbere can be
no doubt that a similar spirit exists
among the people at large. San Francisco
will not fall behind the front rank of
American communities in a movement of
this kind. The voioe of her people will
be as clear as any that ia uttered in any
portion of the Union, and their help will
be as vigorous and as promptly given.
There can be no question of the timeli
ness of this movement. Events now oc
curring in Cuba directly affect the people
of the United States. The Senate finds
the issue the most important and the most
argent that confronts it. Party lines are
obliterated. Republicans and Democrats
vie with one another in devising means to
compel the administration to take steps to
protect Americans in Cuoa from Spanish
violence, and everything tends to show
that the crisis is one in which there should
be a thorough unanimity among the
people.
It is unnecessary to go over the situa
tion. Every citizen who takes an intelli
gent interest in the affairs of hi 9 country
is aware of it. American citizens in Cuba
have been insulted, plundered, impris
oned and in some cases murdered. An
aDathetic administration sits sullenly idle
and permits these wrongs to go unpun
ished and almost unrebuked. The Senate
has called upon the executive in vain.
As if to show his contempt of Congress
and of the people the President rsfuses to
take any action whatever to protect either
the lives of his fellow-citizens in the hands
of the Spaniards or to maintain the pres
tige of tbe Nation.
It is time the voice of the people should
make itself heard. It is time that elo
quent orators should come forth to ex
press the sentiments shared by all true
Americans. It is time that in every city
in the Union there should be mass-meet
ings. It is time that organized efforts
should be put forward to uphold the
right and crush the wrong. Tue cause of
Cuba is the oause of America. No citizen
should hesitate to sapport it. No patriot
should delay to uphold it.
PERSONAL.
C. H. Jordan of Pasadena is at the Lick.
F. H. Robertson of Seattle is a late arrival
here.
a Cleaver of Victoria, B. C, is a late arrival
here.
Robert T. Devlin of Sacramento is at the
Grand.
Ex-Speaker Lynch of Cuco-Muugo, is a vis
itor here.
George M. Noble, an attorney of Fresno, is at
the Lick.
sheriff S. D. Ballou of San Luis Obispo is at
the Grand.
H. F. Daugberg, a business man of Carson, is
at the Rugs.
T. A. Heine.', a mining engineer of London,
is in the Cits'.
IT. K. Preston and Mrs. Preston of Sacra
meuto are in town.
W. E. Duncan Jr., a mining man of Oro
ville, is in the City.
Dr. C. W. Dunlop ol Bellevue Hospital, New
York, is at the Palace.
Preston Davis, ex-Surveyor of Sonoma
County, is at the Huss.
A. A. Lawson, a mining man of Gold Hill,
arrived here yesterday.
A. W. Mason, a furniture manufacturer of
Chicago, is at the Grand.
H. Cxrtan, who Is interested in smelting at
Omaha, is at the Occidental.
R. A.Thompson, editor of the Santa Rosa
Democrat, ts at the Occidental.
Richard Witson of Wallace, Idaho, is at the
Occidental, accompanied oy his wile.
J. Webb, a business man of Sacramento, is
registered at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
G. F. Hochstader of New York, accompanied
by his wife and daughter, is in the City.
William McJohn, who is connected with the
Tribune of San Luis Obis do, is at the Grand.
Professor E. E. Holdtn of the Lick Observa
tory was among the arrivals here yesterday.
Captain and Mrs. Howe of Port Townsend
arrived here yesterday, and are at the Russ.
P. L. F.anlgan, a general-store owner and
sheep-grower of Reno, New , is at the Grand.
Mrs. Wilson, wife of a prominent merchant
of Los Angeles, is at the Cosmopolitan Hotei.
Miss Patterson, a wealthy lady of New York,
is at the Palace, accompanied by a party of
frienas.
O. F. Spencer, who owns important mining
interests at lowa Hill, is on a visit here, and is
at the Russ.
Count Axel Wachmeister, son of Counter
Wachmeister, will shortly »cave for his former
home in Stockholm.
A. Wtdemau of Gonzales, one of the Super
visors of Monterey County, owner of a com
mercial business and a large amount of land,
is at the Russ.
K. B. Eason of Gazelle, owner of a store,
hotel and mining and cattle interests in part
nership with his brothers, it in the City. He
is said to be one 01 the wealthiest men in that
part of the country.
J. A. Finch of Spokane, who was till recently
one of the owners of the War Eagle Mine,
Trail Creek District, British Columbia, who
has recently sold his interest, is at the Palace,
accompanied by his wife.
C. B. Seeiey, a millionaire of Sew York, is at
the Palace, accompanied by his wife. Recently
on the eve of his marriage he was given a
dinner by his brother Herbert Seeley, which
has caused wide attention.
One hundred and twenty Raymond and
Whitcomb excursionists will arrive here to
day from various parts of New England and
take quarters at the Palace Hotel. They will
be in the City and vicinity about a week.
Ihis is the first excursion of the kind this year.
CALiFORNIANS iN NEW YORK
NEW YORK, N. V , Feb. 2G — At the WJnd
aor—F. L. Mann. Barrett— l. H. Ackerman.
Murray Hill— A. H. Coyne. Grand Union-
D. Sanford. Cosmopolitan— F. A. Cornell.
Ashland— J. F. Valentine.
THE DYING DAY
The trees stand brown against the gray, .
Tin- shivering gr*y of field an I s.y :
Tne mtst-t wrapt round tbe dying day
The shroud |K>or days wi ar as they die ;. J .
I'oor day, die noon, who Hveu In v«m, ,
"Who could not bung my i-ovo again! " ' '
Down In the Gulden breezes rod
Dead rustling italics blow chill between.
Only, above the Hodden mold, - . ■
The wallflower wear* his liearil-*is green
As hough mill relgntd the rose-crowned year,
And summer and my Love were Here.
The mists creep close about lh« house, ~
I lip empty h..us«, all s 111 and chill; '
Tbe desolate am tremb.lng boughs •
scratch nt th« dripping window-sill :
)*cor day lien drowned in floods of rain, .
Ami ghoits knock at the window pane. i
—Pull Mall Gazette.
REFLECTIONS OF A BACHELOR
New ■* orlc Press.
A love that gives everything gets a lot less
back.
A girl that can't sing and will sing ought to
be made not to eing.
The fact that a man has no hair and no teeth
doesn't necessarily prove that he knows as
much as a baby.
The world would be better off" if women
talked less about their own husbands end more
about oilier women*.
Tin.- muddier v man's hat is after he has
chased i' down the street before a lot ol peo
ple, tne more he tries to look amused.
A woman can get along witnout money only
when she's got brains; a roan can get along
without brains only wuen he's got money.
HYPNOT ZING A GOVERNOR
St. rani Pioneer Press-
Two Detroit physicians have asserted posi
tively, tt a meeting of members of their pro
fession, that hypnotic influence vras used upon
Governor Rich of Michigan to prevent his
signing a bib affecting medical practice two
years ago. At least it is claimed a noted hyp
notist went to Lansing, got nth work in on the
Governor and so the bill failed to receive the
executive signature. Here's a hint for lobby
ists. A good hypnotist might be relied upon
to get almost any bill through tne Legislature
and the executive office simply by the power
01 suggestion.
Tim Hussey, who discovered in the Cripple
Creek district mines worth $1,000,000, died
Dentiess in the hospital of 'the great gold camp
last week.
NOW FOR A HOLIDAY TREAT.
F. M. Close will delight the readers cf The Sunday Call with another of his astronomical
stories, and another artice somewhat analogous to that oi Dr. Close will be the contribution
of A. H. Babcock.
By the way. Dr. Close will have a word to say to certain of his critics in the field oi astron
omy. All this is very interesting.
The Naturalist at Large and One Heyden, each in her own peculiar way, will lead you
into the country for a while, one to show you the beauties of California birds, the other tae
characteristics of the miner and his brethren.
You can learn all that is worth knowing about the latest inventions in locomotion and
power, both at home and abroad, and will be able to form an opinion as to tbo relative ad
vantages of owning either an auto-car or a motor-bike by reading The Sunday Call.
The discovery and development of brain power in the fingertips of the blind will be dilated
on by John Boomer.
Marcella is on hand with modish instances and fashions up to date, and many matters of
significance to all concerned.
A particularly pleasant story in The Sunday Call will be the romance of two friends who
parted at the close of one of the great events of the war and met for the first time since at a
dinner gfven recently in San Francisco.
Not the least important item in onr bill next Sunday will be an argument against femi
nine decadence, and which goes to prove that nobility, refinement ana heroUm are still
fresh and strong in the women of the day.
The children's:pago-aiKl C. ». C. will be a strong feature of The Sunday Call.
A San Francisco story ot the lute lamented Eugene Field will be thoroughly en joyed by
every, reader. It is an entirely new picture of the favorite poet.
The book page will contain a brilliant resume of the literary successes of the day.
"The Bandit of the California Hills" is a story that will be of particular interest to those
who know anything about the "monkish-cowled" coyot?.
If you want the most reliable telegraphic and local news, the best editorial comment
thereon and the best stories of science, art, literature, etc., theu get The Sunday Call.
OUR VICE-PRESIDENTS.
Much is said about the coming inaugura
tion of President McKinley, but very little
about the inauguration of his associate on the
presidential ticket, Garret A. Hobsrt, writes
Major Handy in the Chicago Times -Herald.
That is the luck of Vlce-Presldents. It takes a
man oi real force and ability to maintain him
self in the Vice-Presidency, and a man of Mr.
Hobart's modesty is very apt io be lost in the
shuffle even before the deal begins.
(iarret A. Hobart will be the twenty-fourth
Vice-President of the United States. The list
of his predecessors embraces more men of dis
tinction than the man who does not carry his
American history in his head is apt to think.
John Adams, Thomas Jefferson, Aaron Burr,
John C. Calhoun, Martin Van Buren,
John C. Breckinridee, Chester A. Arthur
mid Levi P. Morton were among the
best. Eight, or one-third of the whole
number, hailed from New York. Mrssachu
si'tts has contributed three. Adajns, Gerry and
Wilson; Virginia two, JeffVrson and Tyler;
Kentucky two, Johnson and Breckinridge"; In-'
diana two, and Carolina, Pennsylvania,
Alnbamn, Maine, Tennessee and Illinois one
each. The New Yorkers besides Burr, Vun
Buren, Arthur and Morion, were Clinton, Fill
more, Ihompkins and Wheeler. There have
been sixty-three presidents pro tempore of the
Senate, aud it is a remnrknble fact that the
grade of men vrho have filled this position in
the last quarter of a century is even higher
than It was in the earlier years of the Repub
lic. Wade, Carpenter, Thurman, Bayard,
Davis, Edmunds, Sherman and lugalls take
rank in nbility higher thanaimostanyof their
predecessors.
lv many respects the most capable and ver
satile of Vic.e-Presirtents was one who after
ward fell from his high estate aDd Is known to
the public of the present day chit-fly as a
traitor. I mean, of course, Aaron Burr. When
he last took the vice-presidential chair he
had but recently incurrod opprobrium and
was a fugitive from justice as the slayer of
Alexander Hamilton. The lew months imme
diately before he took hii seat were parsed in
hiding, dodging a :nal for murder. But he
presided with so much grace, dignity and ini
partiaiitr thai he commanded the admiration
ot tne Senate. When he tool: his leave
In made a speech which will ever live
as a model. He moved his hearers
to tears and was the recipient of a
resolution of thanks, which was anything
but perfunctory. It was said of him that he
presided with the impartiality of an angel
and the rigor of a devil. Perhaps he mignt
have regained hts popularity before the peo
ple if he haa after his retirement not entered
into the Blennerhas-ett conspiracy, which
was believed and partly proved to have in
volved a plan for disunion and certainly
meant foreign conquest at tho expense o( tue
peace and good name of tne United States.
Thenceforward he was a man without a coun
try, and there is no story more pathetic than
that of his wanderings in Europe, making
occasional social conquests, but oitener cool
ing his heels in the ante-chambers of royalty,
dogged by the police an<l suDsisting on food
that in other days he would have been
ashamed to give his negro servants, to whom
he wns a modul master.
Calhoun was another great Vice-President,
but by no means tue equul of Burr in fitness |
far ttjai particular position. He resigned the
ifl'n c to take a senatorshiD. He never mag
nified the Vice-Presidential office, and with all
ins pride and mien seemed to consider the
Vice-President as the representative of the
Federal authority ot less importance than the
individual Senator who was the accredited
representative of.a sovereign State. When on
the floor «< Senator he never addressed the
presiding officer, but the Senators themselves.
His form of address was "Senators," instead of
the enstomary "Mr. President"; his manner
in the chair was a perfect combination of dig
nity and deference.
John C. Breckinridge was an interesting
figure in the chair. He was the personifica
tion, of courtesy. Chester A. Arthur was a tnau
of very much the same pattern, and his too
short occupancy of the chair prepared the
country for the courtly dtgnlty which char
acterized him in !h>- White 11 ii.s-. T he best
purliHineutarian ever in the Vice-Presidential
cuair was Schuylcr Colfax.
Most of the V ec-Presidents have brcn
troubled throughout their terms by the buz
zing of the Presidential bee, and there is
alwp.ys a disposition among opponents of the
administration to flatter a Vice-Preriident by
ministering to his mnbition. The Presidents
haw too often yielded to the weakness of
treating this officer as an heir-apparent whose
very existence is an unwelcome reminder of
tne possibilities of succession. There was
none of this feelrng between HarrlsM and
Morton, but there haa been a good deal be
tween Cleveland and Hendricks and Cleveland
and Stevt'iisoa. One or two Presidents have
invited the Vice-President to sit with them in
Cabinet council, but, except in tho case ot Van
Buren, the practice was not attended with any
pleasant or beneficial results.
NEWSPAPER PL ASANTRY
"Talk about unreasonable people," said the
real estate agent, "that man wants me to rent
his farm to somebody who has had experi
ence."'
"What's unreasonable about that?"
'•The idea of anybody who has had experi
ence with a farm wanting to live on one." —
Washington Star.
Millie— Dicky Doolittle seems such an empty
fellow.
Willie— You wouldn't have thought so if you
had seen him last night.— Pick- Me- I'd.
"That was a queer story about a man in
Minnc-oa being treed by wolves while on his
way to be married," said tne shoe clerk
bonnier.
"Most remarkable exhibition of animal in
telligence I snow of," *aid the cheerful idlo..
"Animal intelligence?"
"Yos; they must have realized how tender
he would be at that time."— lndianapolis
Journal.
Visitor— l'm grieved to learn of your mis
tress' illness. Nothing serious— no great cause
for alarm, I trust?
The New French Maid— No, monsieur, noz
zlng beeg, nozzing granric. Something what
you call leetle, petite. Wbat zey call ze leetlo
—small— small— smallpox.— Tit-Bits.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Mrs. Swan of Scranton, the only woman in
Pennsylvania who has ever served as a mem
ber of a poor board, has resigned from the lo
cal board. She was known as "the best man
on the board."
The Mayor of Baltimore, in vetoing a high
hat ordinance, ram a City Council has ns
much right to require women to wear bloom
ers or baid-heacled men to wear wigs as to in
terfere with bi<? hats.
At the head of Germany's landed aristocracy
stands Prince Wittgenstein. He owns 3,000,
--000 seres. Fourteen other tilled landlords
own between them G. 000,000 acres. One of the
fourteen, Prince Tdliey:at»d»£asaa, is a citizen
of France.
The Que?n of Portugal perseveres in her
medical vocation. She goes regularly to the
dispensary for children that the founded. On
arrivine she dons a nurse's uniform and pro
ceeds to work. The managers are the Daugh
ters of St. Catherine of Siena.
General "Jo" Shelby left a most interesting
collection of relies of the Confederacy. One of
his prized possessions was a daguerreotype of
three boys - Shelby hlnnelf, Krauk Blair and
B. Gratz Brown. It is recalled that Shelby's
mother was both rich and generous, and when
she sent her son to school in Philadelphia she
sent the other boys, who were poor, along
with him.
FRATERNAL NEWS.
What Has B««n Done by the Membors
of the National Inion-The
Woodmen.
The following named have been installed as
officers of Ban Francisco Council by J. E.
Field, president of the cabinet: President, D.
J. Curtail ; ex- president, E. A. Holmes; vice
president, \V. B. Bowen; speaker. R. F. Mc-
Giuuiss; secretary, C. H. Urodenstein; finan
cial secretary and treasurer, C. H. Blinn ;
chaplain, George Humphrey; usher, E. H.
Hill; sergeant-at-arms, J. E. Pomeroy; door-
Keeper, p;. Murphy; trustees— E. H. Hills, Dr.
A. H. Millbery and J. C. Kerr.
Dr. A. H. Millberry, E. H. Hills and D. J.
Curran were chosen as delegates to the cab
iuet. During the evening ilie council re
ceived a vi^it from officers of the cabinet and
listened to instructive addresses by the
visitors ana the new president.
Last Tuesday night Golden Gate Council re
ceived one application, and after routine
business tnere was an informal smoker, short
addresses and music by the organist.
Pacific Council expects a large Attendance at
its next meeting, as on that occasion will be
discussed a proposition to make dues payable
monthly instead ot quarterly.
Woodmen of the World.
At its meeting on last Monday Golden Gate
Camp No. 64 received five applications and
initiated one candidate into the mysteries of
Woodcraft. There was a large attendance and
after the business of the camp was over an
hour or so was spent iv listening to music,
song and recitation.
Next Monday night this camp will give a
log-rolling and entertainment in the Native
Sons' building on which occasion Head Consul
F. A. Falkennerg will pay an official visit and
deliver an interesting address on the subject
of "Woodcraft." The head consul is a most
enter tnining talker on fraternal matters. An
excelle.it programme has been prepured and
the lirospecis for an evening of instructive
pleasure are of the best. There have been
issued 2000 Invitations to attend this event.
For thai, evening a special dispensation has
been grantod to enabie the camp to receive ap
plications for admis-ion at reduced rates, and
it is expected thai tnis will prove an induce
ment to many to join.
Improved Order of Bed Men.
Under the auspices of the Improved Order of
Red Men Professor Thomas J. Polley ot Stan
ford University will, on the evening of March
24, deliver a lecture in Metropolitan Hall on
the "Aborigines of the American Continent."
The proceeds of the lecture will be donated to
the boulevara fund for the relief of the unem
ployed.
The Old Friends.
The next reunion of the Society of Ola
Friends will be held at the Chutes on March
14. The committee of arrangements is prepar
ing a first-class programme of entertainment,
and one of the features of the day will be a
barbecue. More than 4000 invitations will be
, sent out by the committee on invitation.
PRESS CLUB SMOKER.
Valuable Plctnres and Bare Papers and
Books Among the Cariosities of
the I'oomi,
One of tbe semi • occasional smoKers
which have usually proved so entertaining
at the Press Club to all who have at
tended is to be given to-night. The invi
tation whici has been sent to the mem
bers is brief and is as follows:
"An informal smoker will be held at the
cluoroonis on the evening of Saturday,
February 27. You are cordially invited to
attend. Pipes, tobacco, music and a good
time."
This will be the first entertainment
since the Yuleticle jinks, which was at
tended by almost a packed throng, and
which was enjoyed by everybody. Un
like the jinks, however, there will be do
programme. Things will work out only
as they happen. The club continues to b«
very popular.
A number of works of art have laiely
been added to the rooms. W. A. Coulter,
the widely known artist, who greatly ex
cels in marine wort, has contributed a
large and handsome picture in pen and
ink representing a jury-rigged »iuik,
tossed hither and thither in the desolate
ocean.
The picture is called "The Last Watch."
It is considered a very tine thing. An
other picture by George E. Lynn is a pen
and ink sketch of Julia Marlowe Tabor,
the noied actress. It likewise is consid
ered one of Lvnn's best. Besides these
James M. Hamilton has contributed a pen
and ink picture of himself in Scotch High
land costume by Joe Strong. It is well
liked.
Besides these there are some curiosities
in journalism. One is a copy o! tbe tirst
issue of the 80-ton Transcript of July 4,
1830. It was handsomely framed and pre
sented to the club by Cnaries F. Hanlon.
Another rare thing is a copy of the Lon
don Times of June 22, 1815, containing the
account of the deieat of Napoleon by
Wellington. It was contributed by
Colonel H. Treveliyan of Fresno, one of
the heroes who fought in the famous
charge at Balaklava. Quite a number of
valuable books have also been recently
added to the rooms. The smoker, it is be
lieved, will be well attended.
THE LABOR COUNCIL
It Roundljr Denouncen the Recent La
bor Law Convention.
The regular meeting of the San Fran
cisco Labor Council was held last eve nine,
and Secretary Rosenberg, who was one of
the committee of arrangements of the Cal
ifornia Labor Law Convention, explained
why he had withdrawn from the commit
tee. He said that he could not indorse
the resolutions prepared to be presented
to the meeting that was held recently in
Metropolitan Hall. He said that they
were misleading and did not state the
facts relating to the labor law legislation
at Sacramento. Bather than place the
council in a ridiculous position uy appar
ently indorsing the same by passively lei
ting them go through he withdrew.
Delegate McArthur was another repre
sentative of the council who withdrew
from the convention for the same reason.
He aaid that the convention way a "howl
ing success," so tar as noise was con
cerned, but he would not speak on that
platiorm an advertised, knowing as he
did in advance what the chairman of the
convention was going to say. He de
clared that the chairman ( J. W. Rose), by
his assertions, put the laboring classes in
a most ridiculous position by making
many statements that were wholly false.
These statements referred to strikes, lock
outs, etc., as failures, ami labor unions
also as failures. The action of the com
mitteemen in drawing out of ti.e conven
tion was indorsed.
A resolution — mentioned elsewhere in
these columns — was pp.ssed urging the
early commencement of work ou the new
Postofficf.
The delegates from the Theatrical Em
ployea' and Musicians' unions rompieinefl
mat the mnnagemsnt of the Bush-street
Theatr is aboui to open with non-union
employes. The matter was referred to the
executive commitc?eof the council with
power to act. ,
TO RENEW PLEDGES.
The League of the Cross to Gather
iv the Cathedral io-
Morrow.
There was an important meeting of the
executive committee of the League of the
Cros* last evening at the headquarters,
1327 Market street.
Tue object of the meeting was to per
fect arrangements for the celebration
which the league will hold tn-morrow.
This will be the annual renewal of pledges
for all the members. It will take place in
St. Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness avenue, at
2 o'clock.
It is expected that there will be 7000
members present on the occasion. Every
boy who has joined the league is expected
to'bj present to renew fiis pledge?. The
various branches will assemble and march
to the cathedral in a body, escorted by
the cadet company of each parish.
The ceremonies in the catheural will be
special prayers and the sinking of hymns
by the audience. Archbishop Riordan
will deliver the sermon and administer
the pledge of temperance. After the
church celebration the regiment of the
League of the Cross Cadets will pass in
review on Van Ness avenue.
The executive committee last night is
sued the following orders relative to the
hours of assembly for each branch:
The subordinate branches of the
League of the Cross will leave their re
spective headquarters at ths hours men
tioned below, so as to arrive at St. Mary's
Cathedral in due time for the exercises:
St. Peter's Branch and Company I, L. C. C, 1
o'clock; St. Paul's senior and junior branches
ana Company X, L. C. C, 12:50 o'clock; St.
James Branch and Company E, L. C. C 1
o'clock; Mission Dolores Branch and Com
pany L, L. C. C. 1 o'clock; St. Charles Branch
and Company B. L C. C 1 o'clock; Youths'
Directory Brauch, 1 o'clock; St. Joseph's
Branch, 1:15 o'clock; All Hallows' Branch,
1 o'clock; St. Teresa's Branch. 1 o'clock;
St. Rose's Branch, 1 o'clock; St. Bren
dan's Branch and Company H, L. C. C, 1
o'clock; St. Patrick's Branch, 1:15 o'clock; Bt.
Mary's (Pauiists), 1:15 o'clock; St. Francis
Branch and Compauy M, L. C. C, 1 o'clock;
St. Brigid's Branch and Company G. L.. C. C,
1:30 o'clock; Holy Cross Branch, l:15o'clock;
Sacred Heart Branch and Company D, L. C. C.
1 :15 o'clock; St. Mary's Cathedral Branch and
Company A, L. C. C, 1:30 o'clock.
The branches located outside of San
Francisco are instructed to leave in suf
ficient time to arrive at the cathedral at 2
o'clock.
LAKE TAHOE RAILOAD.
Inception of a Lino From Truckee to
the Mountain Lake.
Articles of incorporation of the Truckee
and Lake Tauoe Railroad Company have
been filed in the office of County Clerk
Curry.
The incorporators are well-known capi
talists, who for years have been idontified
with the material interests of tbe Lane
Tahoe region. They are: D. L- .Bliss, W.
D. Tobey, if. L. Kequa, W. S. Bliss, W. S.
Wood and I. L. Kequa.
The purpose of the company Is to con
struct a standard-gauge railroad froni
Truck c, in this State, to a point on tho
northern shore of Lake Tnhoe, at or near
tbe place called Tahoe City. The esti
mated lenetn of the proposed road is sey
enteen miles. The capital stock is fixed
at $2C0,000. of which amount ?20,000 has
been actually subscribed.
Improvement of Sixth Street.
In accordance with the request of the Sixth
, street Improvement Club to have the Mer
cfcuntn' Association lend Us assistance in
securing better railway facilities on that
thorou ghfnrc, President Dohrmann, Vice
president Baldwin and Secretary Freud of the
association joined a committee of the club In
a 'conference upon the subject at Manager
Viriing office yesterday morning. The mem
bers of the committee from the Sixth-street
Improvement Club consisted of Messrs. Merle,
Elsbact, Farrell, Israel and Wol I. The entire
question was fully discussed, and it was de
cided that another conference would be held
shortly, when some definite plan will be sub
mitted and considered for the improvement
of the railway service upon that street.
♦ — • — •
California glace fruit sOc a Dound, in fire
etched boxes. Towns-end's, Palace Hotel bldg.*
. < • — ♦ — •
. Special information daily to manufactured,
business houses and public men by tho Pr9w
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. '
I | » — # :
Mrs. Mary Snreve Goodloa Ransom, Ken
tucky's millionaire, woman, has rented a store
room in Louisville, where she will open' a
souphouse for the benefit of the poor. Mrs.
Ransom had many bets on the recent elec
tions, botn National and State, and was for
tunate enough to win them all, netting ncr
several thousand dollars.* This money, it was
announced when the bets were made, wat to
De used for charitable purposes.
Kicuniuu Katun to Washington.
. For the benefit of ibose desiring ;o witneai tne
Inauguration of the next President of tbe United
States the Eaitimoro and Ohio .Railroad will sell
excursion tickets at one fare for the round trip
from ail points on Its lines In Ohio, Indiana and
Illinois. Tickets will be sold Marco 1. 2 and 3,
valid for return until March 8. similar tickets
via B. and O. K. I?. w"l be sold by all the railroads
throughout the West. In addition to being tns
shortest and most direct line to Washington tbe
B. and O. passes through a region of greater scenic
magnificence and historic interest than any in all
America. Passengers also have tbe option of trav
eling via Akron and Pittsburg or via Kellatre anil
Grafton either going or returning. The through
trains of the B. and O. are vestibuled throughout, -
equipped with Pullman sleepers and the d.nln;
car service is unsurpassed. Information la detail
will be cheerfully furnished upon application b/
Is. S. Allen, assistant general passenger a;eut, K.
and O. K. it., Grand Central station, Chicago. *'. -:
"Thf Overland Limited "— Only Three
and a Half Duys to Chicago.
The Union Pacific Is tile Only line running Pull
man double drawing-room and tourist sleepers
and dining-cars, San Francisco to Chicago daily
without chance. Buffer, snio£lng and library cars.
Ogden to Cniraco. Tickets and sleeping-car reser
vations at 1 Montgomery st. D. W. HI lea coo ..
General Agent. Ban Francisco.
For relieving Thkoat Djseasks. ConoHS ajto
Hoarseness, use *Jbrtr*nfM Bronchial Troche*."
Sold only in boxes. Avoid imitations.
Titbiie mn be no doubt that a timely nsa ot
Ayei's Cherry Pectoral would prevent man/
serlons throat, and lung troubles.
Nansen's long-awaited "Farthest North" was
set down lor publication in London on Febru
ary 9- It is dedicattd to his wife in these
terms: "To her who christened the ship and
hart courage to wait." The author is said to
be so good at driving a bargain that the jest
ing name F.-Xansen has been invented for
him.
■NEW TO-DAY.
§3X33
POWDER
Absolutely Pure.
Celebrated iorit»Rreat leavening streneth and
healthful ness. Assures the food a^inst aim ™i
all forms of adulteration common "to ihe cheap
iiWVAJ- BAKI.NU 1'owok& CO.. w Yociti . .■A SATURDAY FKBKDAKY 27, 1897
-..'-• AMUSEA'.ENTS.
EiIBVIH Theater -"Shore Acres." *
California Theater.— Sousa's Band.
Columbia Tiikater At Hie French Ball.-
Moroscos Opera - House. — -10,000 Miles
. .Away.
Alcazab Theateb. -"Saints and Sinners."
Tiv.oli Opera House.— Galatea" and "Pa-
. -tlen cc.
•' • ObThei'M.- High-Class Vaudeville.
, •MxcßAMlcs' Pavilion— Tu.'-of-War.
. ;' Obebox.— The Vienna Orchestra.
: . . Sutko BATns-Bathing and I erformancea.
" IHK CHUTES AND 6KATINO Rink— at
• • Blight street, one hloct east of the Park.
\- . P-ACinc^CoAST Jockky Club.— Races to-day.
;.'•'. •• -AUCTION iALHS.
°.'-__ V Indiana auction- Co.--Thls day. February
.2. . Furniture, at 1067 Market si., at 11 o'clock.
•••By P. J. Rabth.— day, Kebrnary 27, Fur-
p^ure, 414 .McAllister at., at 11 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
. • Abraham Keesing has sued L. E. Keesing for
divorce.
•• . ' Judge McKenna departed for Canton, Ohio,
.• •••y-e6terdaj-.
Ihe "Federal Grand Jury was discharged
yesterday.
. A fair, warm Saturday is promised by the
Bureau.
•'.- .-Up -to date there have been reported 797
crises ot measles this month.
The police have begun a crusade against the
pawnbrokers who buy stolen goods.
Police .Sergeant John M. Fiugibbon died
• .suddenly yesterday of heart disease.
.Mrs. B'laiichj Evans has been granted a
divewee.irom Harry K. Evans for desertion.
■The eleventh anniversary ball given by
Stanford Parlor, N. S. G. W.,iasi night was a
treat success.
J Engineer .W. H. Hall has left London for
A nth Africa io devise a water systen for mine
■ i w Hers of the Rand.
. The two United States gunboats now being
eoasiructed at the Union Iron Works will be
Jaunc.ied March 18.
A, Harrington, one of the founders of Circle
City, and owner of valuable placer mines near
there,. is in tue City.
The Iroquois Club was interested last even-
Ing- by a paper on National Postal Savings
Banks, by S. E. Moffetu
The SDring exhibition of the Century Club
yesterday was well attended. Many beautiful
■ "pic:ures were exhibited.
• An information was filed in the United States
• P-Strict Court yesierday against live Chinese
. .changed with illegal minine.
V-A new opera, "The Bride-elect," by John
.Philip Sousa and Charles Klein ot "El Capi
taa'"!aHie, will soon be produced.
Charles Tidball of the Tivoli is going up t,o
Cariion th'.s evening io a*si>t the managers of
the big tight in their arrangements.
Commissioner Heacock gave his decision In
the" Ashe extradition proceedings yesierday,
holding the prisoner on both charges.
Twelve Ohio people, headed by J. W. Thcw,
areihere. They are looking into* thelruitin
- ttre'sts and are thinking of buying land.
"■ ' • Tne winning horses at Ingleside track yester
■ dny were Altamax, Anaijasis, Nebula, Basquil,
Joe Ttr.ry, Mobalaska and Geurge Miller.
Hit; Chinese Society 01 English Education
■ . has-been incorporated by Hong Chung. 1100
Luug, Yee Fun, Gin Hong ani Chin Jim.
: " Tile committee appointed by Mayor Ph«»lan
. . to arrange lor a mass meeting in favor of Free
Cijba, held a rousing meeting last evenlug.
• •" ' • Examination cf ths keyhole in Judge Car
ro.aook's chambers discloses the fact that
ji'o ar.empt was made to burglarize ttie p^em-
J.■
-. '" .. The San Francisco Labor Council will send
. • communications to 'Washington urging thai
:••• the worn on tue new Postoflice be begun at
6:
•-, .The Supervisors have decided, after all, to
■ pay lor the meals eaten by jurors, and will not
iijjnt the courts in support of their recent reso
; . .lution.
' Tne Francisco Labor Council last even
-. Inf denv'iiiiceU the utterances made and reso
. lutlonS passed by the recent Labor Law Con
'; ntion.
V "H. L. Dodgi and John W. Ruggles hare
J ■ filed a petition for the probate of the will of
Mary Ann KugKles, deceased. Her estate is
valued at $15,808.
Thomas Thompson, convicted of stealing
ia.u>r Mahoney's watch, has a chance to be
relea-ed 'after all. He is probabiy a victim of
mistaken identity.
The Good Samaritan Mission, under the aus
pices of th-j local Episcopal church-js, was
- opened Thursday evening with an entertain
ment and co.lai.on.
Juuge Wallace gave a decision yesterday
sustaining Police Judge Campbell's decision
in. fining John Glynu $100 for running a
downtown poolroom.
K. M. Greenway says that the dissolution of
<he. Friday Night CotiLon Club ie Imminent.
- The' local leaders expect to make the I'erpsl
ch'oreans the fashionubie club.
Judge Coffey has reduced the fees of Execu
to"r Cr*ne in tiie Thomas Mootry estate by cut
ting off i?o~'2 li-, and has also iopped $500 off
th.c fee oi Attorney M. Mullany.
■ The Street Committee listened last night to
• the .arguments of contractors and quarry
owners in iavor of red and blue ronk rctpec
tiveiy and will report its decision to the
b..n-ri.
..A horse, attached to an express wagon be
• .'- idirgiug to Norman Punne, ran away last even
• •liiL' ai;«l partially wrecked a Mission-street
" car-.' Ktinry Ellis, a passenger, was slightly
'. injured."
Fifty cars- have already been engnged here
■for the Carson fight, while Chicago has
'•. chartered four trains of twelve cars each.
.' About 7000 tickets are already sold for me
. pavilion. -
" '. The Grand Jury yesterday found an indict
ineut against Jacob L. 'ihurston for shooting
at George H. Peitis with intent to kill, and
against. G. Lapisanto for stealing a ring from
. M-ar.v de Silva.
John Lyncn, saloon-keeper, Twelfth and
• ' Folsom streets, was yesterday convicted by a
'. Juffr of * aeUinc liquor to a minor, and his ni
• icJrhey, A. li. Treadweil, was fined $25 for con
tempfof court.
.-.. "•' A man civing his name as John Hagan and
• li is residence as 33 South lark, sustained a
.• Btrfous wound of the Jeit br<.ast last night.
}J"e s kj-s be fell irom a lounge upon a carving
knife which he bad in his hand.
Attorney James Crittenden'a contempt case
• I will come'up before Judge Hebbard to-day. If
I •• petitioner is not ready to proceed tne writ
I habtas corpus wi.l be dismissed, afd the
\ i-iAoitr wiil be remanded to the custody of
• * ;ac Streriff.
. Charles Clawson, convicted of receiving
• g.toien property, has been sentenced to serve
■ t'wn y.eafs and tix montns in iho State Prison
et San Quentin, and Thomas Coraweil, a burg
"iarrvas sentenced to a similar term in the
. "" fciime prison.^
The case of NMcholas Brennan, charged with
■'fehmious assault, has been put on the reserved
■' talendar in Judge Wallace's ourt. to bo re
■ Fttred on motion. Brennau will be tried on
•• the charges of extortion and taking a female
by inducement for immoral purposes.
The ladies are maintaining the greatest
mcreey regarding the powns they will wear at
tr.e Marat Gms ball. Tne beaux and leading
: '. professional and business men of the City have
ordered jor ihe occasion costumes famous in
history, literature, the drama and the opera.
I ii'e unc-mpioyed have established an em
• frloyrnent office at their headquarters and are
io lnmng supplie; irom their meager larder
toreHeve the distress in families dependent
• .upon many ot those enrolled upon the books
•' >>i .the organization, which numbers about
. -UOO men out of work.
A musical and literary entertainment is to
JJejjiven by the Van Ness Fraternity for the
'•eiieiit oi the Second Unitarian Church, at
on 'Husk-hail, corner of Twenty-first
•aid ' Howard streets, Friday evening, March 5.
■''. Ar exceil-iiit programme has been arranged,
to be followed by dancing and refreshments.
On Thursday afternoon, March 4, there will
' .te a mass meeting in the Chamber of Com
merce composed of the members of the two
•■Hoards of Trade, Manufacturers and Producers
• and the Merchants' Association and the Cbam
.b^rgf Commerce. Tne purpose is to araft a
, jeiition to the authorities of Washington to
l.do all ponhibi" for the epeedy construction of
, I the new San Francisco Poßtoftice.
■I Thp property-owners on Liberty Heights, at
.' a meeting held February '23, organized
under the name of the Liberty Heights Im
provement <jlud. The followinß officers wcro
plu".< d to serve for one year: President, Homce
G. l'.nu; fir-t vice-president, Rolla V. Watt:
second vice-president, John W. Kuegles; third
vice-president, John Elder; secretary and
treasurer, John J. Woodhouae. An executive
committee of five members will be eiecied on
March 2. The large and enthusiastic member
ship proraiseg well for the development of this
rapidly growing district.
MODE OPPOSITION
FOR THE S. P.
A New Steamer Completed
for the Vallejo
Route.
* -■ ■ ■■■■ ■
Later She Will Run to Alviso
in Connection With the S?nta
C am Rai way.
Louis Hansen's Attempt to Save His
Hat Nearly Cost Hun His Life
on the Pi dmont.
The stern-wheel steamer Grace Barton
has been practically rebuilt and is now as
good aa a new vessel. An upper house
has been built on her and in it will be
cabins and waiting-rooms for passengers.
A tank lias been put up near the wheel
house and there will be running water
throuek the vessel in consequence. On
all the other bay and river steamers the
water is supplied from pitchers and
water-buckets. The cabin will be a very
pretty one, and when all the alterations
are completed the new steamer will De
one of the best of her class in the bay.
Her name will probably be changed to
Menlo, as in the near future she will
probably be running between here and
Alviso in connection with the Santa Clara
Valley Railway Company.
The Piper-Aden-Goodall Company was
forced to purchase the steamer in self
defense. They are running opposition to
the Southern Pacific, and some time ago
when they wanted to lay the Sunol up for
repairs they found what that opposition
meant. They could neither beg, borrow
nor steal a vessel, as Manager Pryor put
it yesterday. An agent of the railroad had
been around to every owner of a stern
wheel steamer in the biy, and the result
was that not one of them could be hired
for love or money. It was tqen the firm
determined upon purchasing the Barton,
and now they have one of the handiest
crafts in the bay. The Grace Barton, or
the Menlo, as she will probably be called
| later on, will have her trial trip on the
j bay some time next week.
There is considerable rivalry between
the captains of the barkc Mohican and
Ceylon and the bancentine W. H. Di
mond. When they discovered that I
they were all to sail about the same time j
a match was nt once made. The Mohican
pot in last night, makinir the run in
twenty aays, not fast time, considering
| that the J. I). Spreckels has made it in
; ten days, but nevertheless the other boats
! have not yet been reported.
| Louis Hansen, a sailor, created a sensa
tion on the ferry steamer Piedmont yes
terday. He was leaning against the rail
' on the upper decs when the wind took his
I nat, and ma vain attempt to get it Hansen
| went overboard. The vessel was stopped
and a boat lowered", but Hansen persisted
io swimming after liis hat. "You see," he
explained afterward, "it was the only hat
1 had and I wanted to save it. I work on
schooners and was over at Oakland Creek
looking lor a job, and wa* on my way
home when 1 fell overboard." Wiien the
captain of the steamer saw that the man
had been cicked up he proceeded, and the
boat^ landed the man at the Clay-Street
landing. There Officer Dowd tookhim in
charge, but when the matter was ex
plained Captain Dunlt-av'y sent him to his
nome at 711 Musion street.
Tne British ship Purt Locran will sail
probaDly to-day for Ca\e Town with a
load of wheat. She is only 1833 tons reg
ister, yet her capacity is such tnat Captain
Pierce has been abio to stow <tway 3150
j tons of wheat in her holds. A number oi
vessels are going to Cape Town, bin,
strange to say, there seems to be no de
mand for wheat in India.
The pyp-ies have been driven out of
Marin Count 3*. and they are now on their
way to San Jose, via Men:o Park. They
tore down half the fencing in Mill Valley
to use for firewood; chickens [and other
domestic animals mysteriously disap
peared, and any loose article that was left
13 - ing around by the residents could never
be found when wanted. Finally
the residents of Marin County rose
in tlieir wrath and drove out the
invaders. Two constables took them
in charge an I|, brought them all
to San Francisco. Therj were eight
wagon-loads of them, and when Sergeant
Mahoney saw them coming off the Sausn
lito ferry-boat he at once telephoned the
Habor Police station for assistance. Two
officers were sent down and the gypsies
were told that they would have to move
on. They asked if they might go to
Santa Clara, and the sergeant said he
didn't care where they went so long as
they got out of San Francisco County. To
make sure that they did not lose their
way a mounted pokceman was sent along
to show them the San Mateo boundary
line. *
There seems to be some doubts about
the movements of the batile-shipOregon.
It has been stated that she will leave next
Thursday for Seattle to go on the drydock,
but tome of her officers assert that bhe
will remain here for at least two month-.
She certainly needs a cleaning, and the
chances are that next Thursday will see
her under way.
SOON TO CLEAVE THE WATERS.
Two Gunboati to lie Launched at the
Inion Iron Works.
The two United States gunboats. Wheel
ing and Marietta, being built at the Union
Iron Works, are now nearly finished. It
is expected that they will be launched
March IS.
Among those who will be present at the
launching are representative citizens of
Wheeling, W. Va., and Marietta. Ohio,
from which places the boa:s have been
named. Invitations have not yet been
issued, but will be shortly, and a pro
gramme of exercises for the launching
will also be prepared.
We take great pleasure in calling the at
tention of our reaiiers to tho fifty-first an
nual report (published elsewhere) of the
Connecticut Mutual Life Insurance Com
pany. It is, taken as a vfhole, one of the
most satisfactory and assuring accountings
made public this year. The Connecticut
Mutual Life Insurance Company, as the
report of the president shows, is con
ducted on conservative lines. It works
solely for the larce tinancial benan't of its
members — in other words, for all those
who are insured in the company. Presi
dent Greene in his report very aptly illog.
trates the differences between the so
called progressive, or as he terms them,
the "rushing" members of the insurance
profession, who push forward their busi
ness simply for the purpose o) aggregat
ing it, without any relation to its absolute
cost. The Connecticut Mutual Life's ex
pense, it is said, is less than that of any
other company, and only about half of
that of the great "pushing" companies.
Its results to policy-holders are larger
than the others, and its stability is greater
and more conservative. President Greene's
report is one of the most interesting that
has been put out for many years, an<' he
takes a very vital and practical view of
the insurance question.
It has been computed that between 36,
--000.000 and 37,000,000 babies arrive each
year.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 27. 1897.
The Reconstructed Steamer Grace Barton "Which Will Probably Be Renamed the Menlo. When
the Santa Clara Valley Railway Is Completed She "Will Run in Connection With It
Eet areen San Francisco and Alviso. In the Meantime She Will Be Put on the Vallejo
and Mare Island Route.
DEATH CAME TO
HIM SUDDENLY
Police Sergeant J. M. Fitz
gibbon Expired Yes
terday.
Stricken With Heart Disease as
He Alighted From a Cable
Car.
A Veteran of thi Force Who N«ver
Knew a Day cf Sickness— Twenty-
Nine Y.ars on Dn'y.
Police Sergeant John M. Fitzgibbon,
one of the veterans of the force, died sua
deniy early yesterday morning.
He left his home at 545 Howard street to
go to a restaurant at 915 J. a ' Howard street,
where it was his custom to eat his break
fast, and on alighting from a car was seen
POLICE SERGEANT JOHN M. FITZGIBBON, Who Died
Suddenly Yesterday Morning;.
to put bis bands to his chest in a manner
that indicated :.e was in pain.
From the street he staggered into the
restaurant and sank into a chair. A
physician was hurriedly summoned, but
within a few moments and without hav
ing uttered a word be was dead. Death
was doubtless from heart disease, but the
Coroner's office was notified and the body
taken to the Morgue.
Deceased was a native of Ireland, 64
years of age, and had been on tue police
force twenty-nine years lacking three
days. He had always been in robust
health, and it was a matter of pride to
him that he bad never missed a watch
through sickness while in the public
service.
Sergeant Fitzgibbon was appointed to
the police force on May 1, 1868, the same
day on which Captain Dumeavy became a
patrolman, and he was always held h:gn
in the esteem of his superiors and fellow
officers.
He never saw the Board of Police Com
missioners in session — a distinction en
joyed by few of those who have been so
long a period in the Police Department.
Two years ago the deceased wss ap
pointed to the position of sergeant, but
he continued to keep his watch on the
Pacific Mail dock, where he nad been
stationed previously.
During his long public service Sergeant
Fitzgibbon had accumulated quite a for
tune, his savings being invested in real
estate at times when prices were low. In
addition to his home at 545 Howard street
he owned a large lot on Liberty street,
three dwelling houses on Fell street and a
ranch in San LuisObinro County. Hises
ta;e is valued at about 150.000.
Deceased was a widower and had two
daughters, one being the wife of William
E. White of this City and the other of
Frank £. Moore of Sanla Barbara.
The Pigeon Society.
▲ special meeting of the Pacific Coai^
Pigeon Society will be held tbis evening at
7:30 o'clock in room 15, 632 Market street.
The subject of discussion will be the racing
events lor the ensiingr year.
OHIO VISITORS HERE.
They Are Examining the Fruit Districts
and Think of Settling in
California.
A party of twelve persons from Marion
and La Rue, Ohio, are at the Russ House.
They have been in Southern California
for about a montu and are now going to
visit some of the fruit districts in the
vicinity of Sacramento.
"We are thinking of buying land and
engaging in raising fruit," said J. W.
Thew, one of the visitors, yesterday, "and
we are now studying the resources of the
Stete. We saw some beautiful fruit lands
in the south. Now we want to see what
the fruit ranches are like in this part of
California. Several of us are thinking
seriously of locating here because of the
superior chances for getting along. Then
it is not cold, as it is in Ohio."
The pany in full is &a follows: J. W.
Thew and wife, Mrs. John Kishler, Miss
Mayne Adams, Miss Clara Reber. Mrs.
Lewellen, Miss Lewellen, Mrs. Hudson,
Mrs. Cusminger, of Marion; Paul P.
Frank, Mrs. Emma Frank, Cristline; A.
Kridle, L* Rue.
FINISHED ITS WORK.
Federal Grand Jury Wu Discharged
by Judgo Morrow Yesterdar-
The Federal Grand Jury filed its final
report yesterday and was discharged by
United States District Judge Morrow.
The report states that twenty-eigbt in
dictments for offenses against the Federal
laws have been returned during the term,
two informations being returned without
action.
Tho chairman called attention to the
remarkable attendance of the members,
only twenty-two vacant chairs beinc
noted during the term out of a possible
575. Thanks were returned to United
States District Attorney Foote and As
sistant District Attorney Bert Schles
finger for courteous treatment during the
term.
The jury was organiz d on November
24. 1896, with the appointment of M. P.
Jonea as chairman.
A RICH PICK-UP.
Engineer William H. Hall Going to South
Africa on a 525,000 Fee.
William Hammond Hall, ex-engineer of
the State, who laid out Golden Gate Park,
and who has recently been in London, has
left there for Johannesburg, Soutn Africa.
He lias gone, it is given out, at the in
stance of Cecil Rhodes, who has agreed to
pay him $25,000 to make a scientific ex
amination of the water conditions of the
country, preparatory to setting what water
is necessary to operate the great mines
which Rhodes, Barnato and others own.
He is also to perfect a plan for an im
mense reservoir. Mr. Hall is recognized
as one of tho grentest engineers of the
country. He will only be in Africa three
months. Then he will return to London
and perfect his plans.
Hate Reed Keleaged.
Mate David Reed of the American ship
William F. Babcock, who wes arrested for
cruelty to a seaman named William I'ercival
while on a recent voyage from the Atlantic
coast, was released yesterday on $350 bonds
furnished by ex-Supervisor Joe King and
James M. Carr.
THIS WILL MAKE
SOCIAL HISTORY
Green way's A- Weary of
the Dance and May
Lead No More.
The Quiet Passing of the Popular
Friday Night Cotillon
Clnb.
Not Enough Animation Left to
Appoint His Worthy
Successor.
i
The dissolution of the fashion ab*e Fri
day Night Cotillon Club is imminent.
E. M. Greenway, the dictator of the
swell set, is suffering, according to his
own diagnosis, from a severe cold and the
many evils that overtake a man enjoying
his lucrative position.
Succinctly he says: "There is a lot of
money in my business, but it kills a
man." And what with thinking of his*
cold ard his business that kiils and his
rheumatic knee, he does not even care if
the slowly dying Friday cotillon ever re
vives again or not.
The leader is n-woary. With bis own
hand lie proposes to remove from his
fevered and aching brow the dictator's
crown, and is not even interested enough
in the social destiny to appoint a suc
cessor.
This lingering death of the fashionable
organization will neither shock nor sur
prise the smart set, for it was itself that
dealt the fatal blow.
Little by little the attendance at
the cotillon has fallen off until at
the last meeting there were only !
fifty-five couples on the floor, against i
nearly 150 cuuplts the year previous.
Greenway nought to account for the lack
of inter. Bt in every way. It could not bi
hard times. At last the disagreeable truth ;
had to be acknowledged. Society, cold, !
cruel, nmratefu l , and above all fickle, !
gave the ever-faithful friend the go-by.
The cotiilo-.i arranged to take place just
before the Len>en season had for lack of '
application to be postpon d, and it is ex
tremely doubtful if the usual Easter cotil
lon will take pace.
It is more than probable that the two {
dancing classes, the Friday Fortnightly !
and the Monday Night class, have usurped '
the exclusive patronatre of the Friday
nights. Th • Monday night dances have
been extremely popular and the Friday
fortnightlys, with the.r extremely small
dues, are financially away ahead, "and the
attendance is so large that vi the last two
dances invitations had to be limited.
However, in spite of all the distressing
circumstances attending the last hour- of
the Friday Night Club, Greenway is chary
about promising the solemn "rest in
peace." Like a careful doctor be stand*,
and with his finger on the pulse, counts
the last throbs and wisely shakes his head.
In spite of his lack of interest in all ;
social matters, the self-deposed leader I
predicts that ihe Teri sichoreans is to b? ■
the coming sweil organization. And
though he sighs and protests he is weary
and wants to rest, "1 wouid like to man
age the Terpsichoreans," he say?.
The Friday Night Coiillon* Club was
organ zeii some* fourteen years ago.
Its first leader was E. H. Sheldon. The
initial cotillon was had at thA B. B. Hall
on Eddy street, Sheldon leading with
Miss Louise Tevis, now Mrs. Fred Sharon.
For two years Sheldon directed the des
tiny of the club, and then Allen St. John
Bowie assumed control. Bowie looked
after the welfare of the club but for
one season. He led his first cotillon with
Mrs. Latham as his partner.
After Bowie's brief reign came Green
way, who uas ever since directed the for
tunes of the cinb. At the first Greenway
cotillon Miss Tessie Fair, now Mrs. Her
man Oelricus, was the leader's vis-a-vis.
Iluuer Sue* Welburn.
J. J. Raver, as assignee of the Wasp Pub
lishing Company, has sued O. M. Welburn,
Collector of Internal Revenue, in the Justice
court, in his individual capacity, for 5=48 for
advertising. The United States Distric-t Attor
ney's otlice will request that t tie case be trans
ferred to the United States District Court, on
the ground that the suit is properly against
Mr. Weiburn in his official capacity.
KEW TO-DA*.
ill
RECEIVERS OF
STOLEN GOODS
Chief Crowley Intends to
Land Them All in
Jail.
The Recent Raid of the Tehama-
Street "Fence" Is Only
a Beginning.
Harper, One of the Self* Accused
Thieves, Has Offered to Confess
to Save His Wife.
The crusade against tho pawnbrokers
who are doing a rushing business in stolen
goods has begun in earnest, and Chief
Crowley has instructed some of his best
men to follow up all cases reported to the
source of disbursement. That is usually a
pawnshop.
Some of these have been doing a lucra
tive business witn thieves. Lucas and dry
goods the "fence," as the pawnbroker :s
called, sells at private houses through the
medium of peddlers, but all jewelry m
melted ap and Bold in nuggets to the
Mini.
The sensational arrest made by Police
man Ryan Thursday night at the home
of Mattie Frawley and Rose Harper on
Tehama street was the first successful
attempt of the kind that has been made
here in years.
Yesterday afternoon Detective Cody,
who is workinc on these cases, arrested
one of the pawnbrokers. Abraham Davis
was booked on a charge of receiving stolen
property at his place of business, llf>o
Market street. He is accused of receiving
and melting up tt gold watch stolen by
Burglar James Lee, who appropriated it
from the person of Benjamin Hughes.
W. Warden, C. Harper, Matti<» Frawley,
Rose Harper and Elizabeth Keane were
all booked yesterday afternoon at the Ci:y
Prison on charges of burglary and receiv
ing stolen goods.
Harper declares that until about six
months ago he was a stranger to crime
and had always been an industrious
workman. He seems to be very much at
tached to this woman Rosie.
"She had uot been what you would call
a Eood woman, perhaps," he said, with a
touch of patho", "but she was trying to
do better and I think this was partly due
to me."
Unlike Warden, Harper is not addicted
to morpnine, arid though he undoubtedly
assisted in numerous burglaries and petty
larcenies, bis story of the motive which
prompted him to the crimes is described
in a manner that prompts belief. He re
fuses 10 say any thing that will implicate
Warden, but offered to assist the detec
tives in locating stolen plunder if they
would refrain from prosecuting the woman
whom he calls his wile, lie insists that
she bad no compliciiy in the affairs, and
so far only a charge of vagrancy has been
placed against her.
SUIT FOR OVER A MILLION.
P. G. Gal pin Going >o Portland to Pros
ecute It Against Executors of
William S Ladd
The suit of Mrs. P.Albert Hiller of this
City against the executors of the last will
of William S, Ladd of Portland. Or.,
which has been in the Unned States Cir
cuit Court of that city for the past two
years, is to be argued on next Monday.
The suit is one brou-ht for $1,500,000 for
the lunds arisine out of a sale of stock in
the 0.-egon Sieam Navigation Company
belonging to the estate ot J. W. Ladd,
who was the first hr.sband of Mrs. Hiller.
The will of J. W. Ladd wasprobited in
the Superior Court o; this City and County,
and in the proceedings the stock was not
inventoried nor was there Any order ever
made by the court authorizing its sale.
William S. Ladd of Oregon was the exec
utor. The amount of the stock was 7600
shares. No accounting was ever made of
it, and the suit is brought for the recovery
of the value of the stock.
P. G. Galpln of tne firm of Galpin &
Zeigler. who are the attorneys lor the
plaintiff in the action, left for Portland
last evening. It is expected that 'ho ar
pument will occupy tue greater part of
next wt'ok.
'£ KEW TO-PAY.
We saw some tea the
other day — tea sold in San
Francisco —so highly col-
ored that a spoonful washed
in cold water, left an ugly
green powder, one-six-
teenth of an inch deep, on
the bottom of the cup.
Not all tea is colored like
that of course ; some tea is
colored only a little. Schil-
ling Best is colored not at
all; and that is ; the tea to
buy — for several reasons.
A Schilling & Company
C. P ., |F nP ;- .. r. o
NEW TO-DA.V-7A,aiTJS£IIEIirT3k
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mb*.Kbnu>t:nic Kiiki.-k i. Proprietor * Manasar
The Gilbert & Sullivan Season!
LAST TIMES.
i TO-KTIGHT —
aRANDDOUBLE. BILL!
• Yon Suppe's Beautiful One- Act Operetta,
THE LOVBtiY'
G--A.IL. ATEA"
— — AND—^.' : . r
Gilbert & Sullivan's Esthetic Two-Act Opera, •
I "PATIENCE."
—NEXT WEEK—
"THE MXKASO!"
''THE 3VEIU:-A.3D€>S"
Popular Prices -25c and sOc
A I AR '7 Jin I THIS AFTERNOON
ALCAZAR I EVEN IsTTI
... — : — . •- -- , -.. — =r ■ ..3 :-• • .*.-, •
GBAND BOUVEXIK 'TINEE TQ-DAY!
' 2&0 h Performance by the Company— 2soth!
Tup Great Artistic Hay, -
SAINTS AND SINNERS!
GEOKGEOSBOURNE. FKAXCKS JOLLIFKK,
, HUGO TOLA.ND and the Entire Company.
Our .Regular Prices! T«lcpoone lor seats. lilacK 991
■. — ~ — ~*^~ — : . • ■ ' ~~~ : —
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
SUNDAY EVENING H O'clock
ADMISSION FKKE
Address on Christ's Second Coining.
.JAMES H. DAVENPORT. Evangelist of Cath.
olic Apostolic Cliur: U. Not second Adventlsm. '.
3 "int Ji'iiL^ !
Disease Does Not 1
i Stamp Stull. i
I Every ono is either growing better B
1 or worse.
I How is it with you ?'■■ \
| Yon are suffering front 3,
I KIDNEY, LIVER \
q or URINARY TROUBLES. I
I Have tried doctors and medicine with- I
1 out avail, and have become disgusted.
I DON'T GIVE UP! '
B%qfe(ure I
I WILL CURE YOU.
I Thousands now well, but once like yon, fl
3j say so. Give an honest medicine an non- H
m est chance.
I '. Large bottle or new style smaller one I
I at your druggist's. Write for free treat- fl
Si ment blank to-day. Warner's Safe Cure H
I Co., Rochester, N. Y.
STEW TO-DAT-AMCSEMESTS. '
BALDWIN THEATER.
ALhiviux a Co. (Incorporated) fro3r;a;j;i
EVERY EVENING EXCEPT SUNDAY.
MATINEE TO-DAY.
A GENUINE TRIUMPH.
Another Big House Last Night!
JAMES A. HERNE
As NATHANIEL BEItKY in
"SHORE ACRES"
Direction of HESKY C. MINER.
tfST Seats Now Selling for Next Week, Second
ana Last But One,
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
THIS AFTERNOON ! TO-NIGHT!
Sunrlav Matinee. Sunday Night.
GBASU POPULAR KKQU ST PROGRAMME.
sous^l:
AND HIS UNRIVALED BAND.
i ELIZA3KTH NORTHROP Sonrano
3IAK INK JOHNSTO>"JS..... Viollntste
ARTH: B PRIOR : Trombone
FRANZ HELL Flnege horn
RESERVED I Nights— soc. 75c. $1 O'J find $1 50.
si: ATS I Matinee— soc. 75c and $1 00.
f^EDLAFJLR.GO7TU)D* G>- itiiUAnsriArtAJtßS—
FIRST WITH
MATINEE DAINTY
1* -A. TV NIT RICE—
THIS AFTERNOON '
The Splendid New Version of
AT THE FRENCH BATIT
N \V Company
NEW — — - . Specialties-
NEW Music
NEW . .uaiices—
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WALTER SiOROSCO...SoIa Lessee and Maaaij;
SPLENDI j" revival — —
Of Oliver Byron's Sensational Melodrama,
10,000 MILES AWAY,
Presented With a Splendor Never Before
Attempted In a San *'raucisco Thea.er.
BEAUTIFUL SCENERY ! Vi * .;
STIRRING 81TUATI0N81
■ Many Specialties by Numerous Clever Artists.
Evening Prices— lOc, 25c and sOc.
Matinees* Saturday am! -muul:»v.
MATINEE (10-UAV) SATURDAY.
BARNEY Fa>'AN and HENRIETTA BYRON,
Farce Comedians; THE FINNEYS. Champion
Swimmers; HAVES, LYTTON & HAYEK. la
"Camiile Up to Date." THE PANTZERS; THE
"REXirHjS: Great Lyric stars, <;uili,6, Abbaic-
of*". Miss Cottk and Miss Bdsch, etc.
• Parquet, any sea:, 2ac; Balcony, any Seat, 1.0 c;
Children, lOc. any part. .
Concerts Dy the Royal Hungarian Court Or-
i chestra immediately after the evening perform-
ance in the Orpbeam Annex. '
o'F.rrell sirt-et, mar siocic.ou.
San "Francisco" Fmiiily Concert Hall.
A MAGNIFICENT SUCCESS!
HOUSES CROWDED TO THE DOORS:
HERR FERDINAND STARK,
The famous Hungarian Violin Virtuoso, and his
Brilliant Organization, ■
THE VIKXNA OKCHESTRA. v ■
ay Grand Concert Kvery Evening at 8 o'clock.
INTERNATIONAL
TUG -OF -WAR
TOURNAMENT.
MECHANICS' PAVILION
FEBRUARY 27 TO MARCH 9.
10 NATIONS CONTESTING.
UNITED STATES, CANADA,
! IRhLAND, SWEDEN,
GERMANY, FRANCE,
NORWAY, ITALY,
i DENMARK, SCOTLAND.
All the Teams wTTPnII Each Sight.
ADMISSION. 500
SEASON TICKETS, S3.
THE CHUTES.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
BUSCH, the Golden Viimnire: BRESINO. Wire "
Walker, the ANIMATOSI OPK and
A Host of Attractions at Night.
SPECIAL! -SUNDAY AFTERNOON
. AND NING,
BRISTOL'S TRAINED HORSES!
ADMISSION ; 100. CHILDREN Sunday
■ . ' -.. Afternoon Free. • ■
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB
(NGLESIDE TRACK).
The only tenecc Winter Racetracic in America.
RACHG RlCH'fl
Racing From Monday, Feb. S3, to Satur-
day, Marcli 0, Inclusive.
Five or More Races Daily, Rain or Shine. ,
FIRST KACE AT 2P. 31. ,
' TakB ' Soathern Pacific trains a: Tuirl an!
Townscnd ats. depot, leaving at 1 and I :2U P. x. • -
Fare for. Round." Trip, iucludiu^ Ad«
mission to Grounds.". ?»i.(>t).
'laic«i Illssion-s;. "electric line direct to t ric:c
The Woet AChandon White Seal Stakes Moo-
day, February '!-■ ,■; "\
'1 he r-chreiber Stakes Saturday, February 27.
The Crocker Slakes Saturday. JJarcn d.
A. it SPKECJUfiUi I'resideat
W. 8. Leaks, (Secretary.-'
SUTRO BATHS.
FINE J V ROGRAM3I SS.
Grand Concert Every Sunday Afternoon.
General Admission, lot; Chxi feres* is,
78
ONE BLOW
LIKE THIS
ENOUGH
Corbett Has a New Punch
Wherewith to Hurt
Fitzsimmons.
DESIGNED TO LAND ON
THE CHIN.
H2 Tests It on Woods, and the
Trainer Almost Goes
to Sleep.
POOLROOMS TO BE OPENED AT
CARSON.
Will Handle Bets on San Francisco
Races as Well as on
the F.ght
i
CARSON. Nev., Feb. 26.— There were
two new additions to the Corbett strong
hold to-day in the persons of William A.
Brady, the big pugilist's partner and
backer, ana Charley White. t!ie well
known trainer. Bra.ly and White had no
sooner set foot in Carson than they char
tered a rig and shot oat to Shaw's Springs
to have a look at Jim. Brady was par
ticularly anxious to be with his protege!
and see for himself whether or not all of
the reports he hail heard of the Califor
nian's superb condition were true. He
arrived at the training quarters just in I
time to catch the big fellow at work with i
his trainers, and to say that he was j
pleased with what he saw would be to i
put it milder than he himself described
h!s feel infra.
'Why. I am actually paralyzed," said
the genial Billy in his characteristic way.
"Of course, I expected to see Jim looking
well, for when I last saw him in the East
he seemed to be picking up. But I did
not dream that I would find him so big
and fine as I did to-day. It staggered me,
'pon mv honor. 1 have known Corbett a
Jong time and have seen him in bis best
battles, but I will say with all sincerity
that he never before looked so well as he
does now. I cm satisfied, alter seeing
him wear out all of his trainers, one After
another, this morning that his wind is
sunerb. That was the only thing I was
afraid of. You know hts exhibition with
that sailor, Sharkey, started stories nil
over the country to the effect that Corbett
had passed the top notch ol his fighting
career and was going down hill. It was
no wonder, ether, for from all I have
heard Jim made a miserable showing with
the mariner and only squeezed through
with the decision by a scratch.
."But after all it was the best thing that
could have happened to him. It woke
him up at last to something that his
friends never could beat into bis head—
the fact that a man's reputation alone
will not keep him in the championship
cuss. Ordinarily, in good condition, Jim
would have thumped thai sailor out and
asleep in a couple of round', or anybody
that looked like him, but he made a mis
take in thinking that he coulU turn the
trick without conditioning himself for
the mill. It was a great lesson ; though,
as is shown by the manner in which he
got right down to the real thing of taking
care of himself after that experience. You
remember that he went off to Bartlett
Springs and got a good start, and when he
got .back East he was the very personifica
tion of good behavior. He has really been
in training for this contest with Ftzsiro
roons ever since the articles were signed,
but I will say candidly that I did not ex
pect to see liirn round out into such splen
did condition as I found him. He is tne
greatest fightor the world ever saw, in my
humble opinion. Will he win? Why,
my bop, I don't see how he can possibly
lose, unless it is by a fluke."
Brady made a number of bets on Cor
bett while in New York recently, giving
oddß of 10 to 8. He has brought a corpu
lent wallet to Carson with him, and ex
rects to do some tall betting between now
and the day of the battle. He would pre
fer, of course, to get something like even
money, but stands ready to give odds in
the event that the pries on Fitzsimmons
does not advance.
Billy brought a mascot with him for
Corbett. It is an old and decrepit dog, a
cross tetween a pointer and a bulldog,
which responds to the appellation of
"Nea." J.m bailed the appearance of
Ned with unfeigned delight, and nearly
hugeed Brady to de»th for beiug so
thoughtful. Ned is not making his debut
as Corbett's mascot by any manner of
means. He was with the Callfornian dur
ing his training for the fights with Sulli
Fitz Makes a Trip to the Carson Postoffice and Unsuccessfully Attempts to Escape From the Uncopyrighted but Watchful
Camera Fiends.
van and Mitchell, and journeyed with him
to Hot Springs when Jim went there to
get ready for the battle with Fitzsimmons
which ended in a fiasco. The fact that
Corbett never lost a battle is attributed to
Ned's abilities as * mascot.
Ned has a rival at the springs in the
handsome collie which Harry Corbeit
gave to his brother a fortnight ago. The
two mascots mixed matters up as soon as
they got sight of each other. The collie
sought to chase the new-comer off the
grounds, but old Ned would not havo it
that way. He pitched into the youngster
and soon had him hors de combat and
willing to acknowledge that he had the
right-of-way in the mascot line.
Corbett put in a good day's work and,
as usual, bad crowds of visitors. His bag
punching interests the callers probably
more than any other branch of his work.
Jim is an adept at thumping the pneu
matic ball, having it down so fine that he
can reproduce tde sound of a snare drum,
with base accompaniment, the galloping
of a horse and tho approach of a detach
ment of the Salvation Army. He take* a
turn at tbe ball twice a day and keeps up
the rat-a-tat for at least twenty minutes
without stopping to take a brsatb. Tuis,
along with some exercise on the wrist
machine, is the beginning of his routine.
This over, the champion, enveloped in a
big fur overcoat, trips over the snow to
the handball court, w.-.ere he puts in from
a half to three-quarters of an hour in
earnest play with Al Hampton and Joe
Corbett. Then come the boxing bouts.
He began this morning with Bihy Woods,
the latter being encased in his pneumatic
armor, and thumped him merrily as long as
Billy could stand it. Once during this bout
Corbett whipped in a peculiar left-hand
blow which caught Billy on the point of the
chin and despite the protection afforded
by the mask the Denver man reeled and
would have falien had not Corbett caught
him in time.
"I have been trying to perfect that blow
ever since I have been here," said Jim,
addressing me, while Woods was taking a
rest. "It is something new and I fancy it
very much, for I believe I can develop it
into one of the most dangerous punches
in n»y repertoire. It has to be put in like
a flash, but if it lands the fellow who gets
it is almost sure to go down and out."
I watcned the big fellow carelnlly when
Woods was ready to resume boxing, and
did not have to wait long to see the blow
repeated. Woods was sta.gered again
with it.
It is difficult to describe the blow. It
appears to me to be a sort of cross between
i a hook and en npp.-rcut Corbett holds
his fist close to bis hip and waits for bis
opponent to drop his right arm a little
j below its usual resting place when in po
: sition for boxing. The moment the open
| ing is offered his glove Hies upward and
| across, the arm being slightly crooked, as
lin the case when a hook is intended. The
| blow is in direct line for the other man's
; chin, and is essentially a knockout blow.
Corbett says it does not necessarily nave
j to be delivered with great force in order to
' be effective, as it is the jar or jolt that de-
Drives the opponent temporarily of his
senses.
"Any more kicks from Fitzsimmons to
| day?" asked the big fellow, aa he was
| preparing for a bout with Jeffries. Being
j informed that Bob bad been thoroughly
| quiet, Jim laughed and said he guessed
j the Comishman was thinking up a me
j thing new \o spring on Referee Siler.
"It Jooks funny, indeed, " mused the
Californian. "Fitz has always prided
bimself on being a great infi^hter, and his
objections this time to the rules permit
ting us to nit in clinches and breaks strike
me as being rather strange. But I am
not wasting any gray matter in trying to
find out what he is really up to. i don't
care. For my part I am ready to fight
under any old rules, so long as I get a
chance at that tall fellow. I intend to
whip him, but I want to do it fair and
square.
"My only desire in connection with the
rules is that nothing will be incorporated
in them which will give Fitzsimmont an
opportunity to do any tricky fouling or to
lie down and claim he is fouled. I want
tho clory of whipping him out and out
and don't wish any decision on afoul. I
honestly believe that if Fitzsimmons
should lie down in the ring without giving
Rearing the First Section of Stuart's Amphitheater at Carson*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1597.
me a chance to pat him to sleep I would
be tempted to kick him in tbe face. I am
after the glory in this contest as much as
the money."
It was a quiet day out at Cook's ranch
where "Lanky Bob" is getting ready for
the big mill; and it was rather gloomy,
too. Neither Fitzsimmons nor his brother
in-law, Martin Julian, has recovered
from the saddening effect of that unhappy
telegram from New York, which yesterday
told them of the death of Julian's and Mrs.
Fiizsimmona' mother. Poor little Julian
is about prostrated and repeatedly breaks
down and sobs like a child.
Fitzsimmons continued his training,
but wont at his work in a listless and
moody manner. He boxed three rounds
each this morning with Hickey, Stelzner
and Roeber without taking a rest, and
then gave Roeber a tussle on the wrest
ling pad. He came into town at noon for
his mail, walking and running both ways,
and in the afternoon had another seance
with his trainers. Bob says he is now
thoroughly acclimated, and finds his wind
greatly improved, daspite the altitude of
Carson. He is eating ravenously now,
having completely recovered from his ra
cetit stomach trouble.
Fitzsimmons declines to further discuss
his recently raised objection to the rules
which are to govern tne battle. He says
his complaint has been wrongfuily con
strued as an indication of cowardice on
his part in some quarters, and for that
reason he is poinjc to stop talking.
"They will find out on the 17th of March
whether or not lam afraid of that dude
with the pompadour," said Bob, clench
ing his lists and shaking his heaa
ominously. "I'll give them a little song
to sing, mark me."
Dal Hawkins, the San Franciscan who
Is matchea to light Martin Flaherty for
the championship of his class on the 16th
of March, arrved this morning, accom
panied by "Spiier" Kelly, the recent con
queror of Lon Agnew. The Spider is
eoing to act as Dai's trainer and second.
It was Hawkins' desire to train at Shaws
Springs with Corbett, but the latter's
retinue has grown to such proportions
that there is no more room there, and
Hawkins had to be turned away.
George Green, the clever welter-weight
who is going to meet "Mysterious" Bi,ly
Smith, has also found things too crowded
at the springs, and left there this evening.
He and Hawkins have joined issues and
will train at the Wigein ranch at Empire,
three milos from Carson. They leave for
the ranch in the mornine, along witn
their trainers. "Mysterious" Smith and
Flaherty are not here yet, but are on the
way. It is not known where they wul
train.
Harry Corbett, the "champ's" big
brother, returned to Carson this morning
and is as busy as a bird dog. He is get
ting everything into shipshape for the
bringing of two special trainloads of San
Franciscans to Carson to witness the great
battle, and also for the opening of his
Doolrooms. In the latter ventu-e he will
be associated with Johnny Coleman. while
in his special-train affair Colonel C. F.
Burns is hia partner. The poolrooms will
be opened about the 6th of March, and it
is the intention of the projectors to handle
bets on the San Francisco and New Or
leans races as well as on the rights.
Dan Stuart is not out yet, but i* up and
around in his room. He is directing
things frum this retreat, and is not letting
any of the details stip through his ringers.
Stuart is greatly gratified over the way
the tickets for the big mill a c going, and
says there is no question now about the
great amphitheater being packed.
Work on the mammoth building is
progressing rapidly. Two of the sections
of the octagon are already in position and
the lumber is all on the ground for the
others. J, G. Mansfikld.
APIS' JiJiFOJtM SCHEME.
Would Preterit the JfubUeatinn of Price
fight Arte*.
WASHINGTON. D. C., Feb. 26. -II the
relorin bureau of which the Rev. Wilbur
F. Crafts of this city is superintendent Is
unable to prevent the forthcoming glove
contest in Nevada between Corbett and
Fitzimmons, it will endeavor to min
imize the printed accounts of the fight.
la response to the arguments made by
Mr. Crafts before the House Commerce
Committee to-day Mr. Aldrich (R.) of Il
linois was directed to report a bill to
the House, the purpose of which is to
prevent the publication of pictures of pu
gilists and detailed descriptions of prize
lights. Newspapers are forbidden to send
by mail or interstate commerce — which
latter includes the electric telegraph
either such pictures or descriptions, the
maximum penalty for which i* ton years
in jail.
Corbett Xngaa** Jtonatdton
CLEVELAND, Ohio. Feb. 26.— John
Donaldson to-day received a letter from
Champion Corbett urging him to hasten
to Shaws Springs to take charge of his
preparations for the bic fisht. In response
to the request Donaldson will start for
Nevada Monday.
FlftY CAMS t.SC.AGEI).
Evidence That a few San Franciscan*
Will See the Fight.
The Southern Pacific Company has
come to the conclusion that it will be all
It can do to carry the throngs of people
who want to see the world's champion
ship battled for by Corbett and Fitzrim
mons. Indeed the railroad has almost
despaired of its ability to take all who want
to go, despite the fact that it will not only
use all of the Pullmans available, but will
bring into requisition its ordinary passen
ger and possibly its tourist cars.
The officers of the road are exerting
themselves to gather in all the shekels
possible, Dut they are not certain that they
can do it. Still they will try very hard.
Up to yesterday iifty cars, each holding
twenty-two people, bad been engaged irom
San Francisco alone. Besides this Fresno
is asking for five, Sacramento five, and
even Woodland wants two or three, while
applications Irom other towns are coming
in pretty last. As one of the leading offi
cials of the road says, "there isn't sleep
ing accommodation at Carson for the peo
ple who are going." Because of this as
many as possible are trying to arrange for
Pullman transportation.
Already about 7000 admission seats have
been sold for the pavilion where ihe tight
is to take place. Besides this Jour special
trains of ten Pullmans and two baegage
cars each, and each drawn by two locomo
tives, have been chartered from Chicago.
It is considered certain that . there will be
from Chicago alone at least fifty cars of
people, while from Ban Francisco there
will probably be at least eighty.
New York, Cincinnati, Louisville, Sti'
Louis and other cities are also, of couise,
expected to contribute a great many, as
well as 'he Mississippi and Missouri
valleys. From up and down the coast also
there will be many.
It is considered lucky that there Is so
large an amount of siding at Carson. It is
what is known as a "pusher" station.
From Carson to Virginia the road is very
precipitous and as Carson is situated in
the Eagle Creek Valley, a couple of milos
from the Carson River, where tho road is
very favorable a good many switches have
been constructed in times past for the ac
commodation of engines and cars. |
The cars coming -from Chicago will, as
is now estimated, cover tbree-fourtbs of a
mile of truck, while those from here will
require at 1-Ast a mile. That is a mile
and three-quarters to start with. When
other cities and towns are accommodated
it is believed the switch yard at Carson
will look something like the business of a
transcontinental railroad.
A few days ago John P. Dunning, agent
here of one of the press associations,
went to Carson. He wanted to make
arrangements for getting out a report and
proposed to take four men there. ,He
wanted, to see what board and other ex
penses would be. He was told that it he
would bring his four men on then and
remain till after the tight they could have
board for $23 a week each, but if he waited
till near me time of the tight it would
cost him more.
It was finally decided that A. C. Thomas
of Chicago, jjeneral Western agent of the
association, First Assistant Agent Nat C.
right and Harry L. Beach of Chicago
and a force irop.i this City would go de
spite the high board prices.
Farmers 3Jcrt at I'ttalumi.
PETALUMA. Oal., Feb. 26. - The
Farmers' Institute opened to-day with a
good attendance. Sessions were Held in
the morning, ailernoon and evening and
the programme, interspersed with music
1I1 J? lnd *' 1 . the Allowing interesting papers.
"The Relation of the University to the
Farmer " by E.F. Adams; "Horticulture,"
o y £ i es3or & L. Lippitt; -Poultry," by
8. 8. Peck; "Ferments and Bacteria"
by Professor F. S. BioJetti; "Dairying,"
by J. R. Denmnn; "Education of the
Farmer," by E W. Davis, and "Farmers'
Organizations," by E. F. Adams.
LIFE IN DANGER
WHILE HE ROAMS
Murderous Maniac Escapes
From Medical Lake's
Asylum.
With Giant Strength He Tears
an Iron Screen From His
Cell Window.
Though the M dman Is Manacled, the
Residents of the Vicinity Fear
His Lust for Elood.
MEDICAL LAKE, Or., Feb. 26.—
Thomas Devine, the most desperate in
sane criminal ever consigned to the State
hospital here, made nis escape last night
and is still at large. The well-known
strength and murderous tendencies of
Devine have caused him to be closely
guarded, and he was almost constantly
handcuffed. Two years ago he broke out
of his room at the hospital, procured an
oaken mop stick from a wnrd washroom,
and, lyine in wait for Niche Watchman
Winn, almost killed him and then escaped
from the building. He was recaptured on
the Yakima Indian reservation and has
since worn handcuffs, when not personally
attended.
During the supper hour last evening,
Devine succeeded in evading his keepers
long enough to wrench off nn iron screen
and break ihe glass of the window of his
room. The room is in tbe second story,
but the desperate fellow dropped to the
gronnd, some twenty feet, while still
handcuffed, and escaped in the darkness.
The strength of the man was evidenced
by the comparative ease with which he
tore out three locks of the iron screen.
His escape was soon discovered and Super
intendent Semple dispatched searcninc
parties in all directions and notified the
officials of the surrounding towns by tele
graph to be on the lookout. As Devine
wears handcuffs and is without hat or
coat ii would seem that it will be easy to
locate him. He is a giant in physique,
weighs about 195 pounds, hat black hair
and eyes and is of dark complexion. His
homicidal tendencies render him a very
daneerous lunatic to be at large.
PORTLAND PAWNSHOP ROMANCE.
Sister and Brother Reunited Through the
Medium of a Pledged
Jewel.
PORTLAND, Ok., Feb. 26.— The dis
covery of an amethyst seal ring in the
show-window of a pawnshop yesterday
will lead to the reunion of a brother and
sister who had not seen or heard of each
other in two decades.
Mrs, S. E. Carrington of Cambridge,
Mass., came to Portland a few days ago
on a visit to friends prior to her leaving
| for Southern California in search of
health. Yesterday morning, while
promenading with the woman whom she
is visiting, her attention was casually
drawn to a pawnbroker's show-window.
She saw a ring which struck her as being
one ahe had once seen before, and Mrs.
Carrington asked the broker to allow her
to in-pect it. The request was readily
granted, and to her great amazement she
found engraved on the inside of the ring
"E. W. 8., from mother."
"Why, that's my brother's rinsr," ex
claimed Mrs. Carrington. "Where did
you get it?"
The broker, referring to his books, re
plied that early this month the owner bor
rowed $3 on it to mike up a sufficient sum
to cairy him to Sacramento. He at that
time requested the broker not to dispose
of the ring under any circumstances, add
ing that it was a gift from his dead
mother and that he would redeem it in
thirty or forty days. He left his Sacra
mento address with the present custodian
of the memento.
Mrs. Carrlngton was prepared to re
deem it at once, but the broker declined
to accommodate h?r without the presenta
tion of the pawn-ticket. He, nowercr,
gave Mrs. Carringion her broti er's ad
aress anil sheat once availed herself of
the nse of the wires. At 4 o'clock yester
day afternoon the anxious sister had an
answer from her brother and to-night she
left to meet him.
Heath nt San Jtafael.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., Feb. 26 —Mrs. M.
M. Ware, relict of the Jaie Preserved
Ware, a prominent citissn of Sonoma
County, died this morniig at (he residence
of her son-in-law Dr. W. F. Jones. Her
family is influentia in Sonoma and Marin
counties. Four children survive her, Mrs.
Dr. W. F. Jones of fc'an Ruiael. and Mrs.
Barah Gillette, living in New York, C. I\
Ware, a merchant in San Rafael, and A.
B. Ware, a leading lawyer in Santa Rosa.
The deceased was in nor eighty-first year,
and died oi cancer, her illness' being ex
ceeding!}- painful. She will be buried in
Santa Rosa on Sunday.
TJkKnh Fisherman in Trouble.
TJKIAH, Cal., Feb. 28.— Fred Donoboe
and John Crow were arres'ed to-day on
complaint of J. A. Cooper for catching
and having in their possession brook
trout. The defendants both entered pleas
of guilty. They will be sentenced next
Monday. The Ukiah Sportsman's Club,
The fao-iimile y*tf S/&?-*^ef* ia on every wrapper
'signature of • wU&sff£ZZwi of CASTOBIA.
of which Mr. Cooper, the complaining
witness, is the president, is taking steps to
put an end to the illegal fishing and hunt
ing in this locality.
SETTLERS FOR VENEZUELA.
American Concessionaires to Colonize
Land Leased From the Gov
ernment
SANTA MONICA, Cal., Feb. 26.—Don
ald Grant, well known in the West as a
railroad contractor and builder, is now ac
his winter residence in this city. Mr.
Grant has just returned from Venezuela,
South America, where he and bis co-part
ners have succeeded in getting a con
cession of land embracing 15,000 square
miles.
"I have succeeded in obtaining from the
Government of Venezuela a fine body of
land, either for agricultural, stcck-raisine
or mining purposes," said he to-day.
•'The land lies an the northeastern part of
the republic, and the concession was
granted by the Government to promote
the settlement of the country. There are
but few settlers outside of the natives, and
they might as well not be there, as far as
the development of «he country goes.
Our town in the concession is Santa Cata
lina, and nowhere on the Pacific Coast can
a finer port of entry be. found."
"What are tbe principal and best-pay
ing oroducts there?"
"One can raise anything that grows in
any other country, and, what is better
still, he can plant anything he chooses
and it will grow and mature every rnontd
in tbe year. Coffee is the principal prod
uct. For the moat part our land is flat, but
in -ome parts there are some rather high
altitudes, and in the mountains we have
as fine Bessemer iron ora as can b« found
anywhere in this country. Only six miles
from Santa Catalina is a solid hill of un.
usually pure Bessemer ore, one and a half
or two and a half miles in extent, and
about 600 feet in height, and in this there
are over 1,000,000,000 ton 3of ore in sight,
and within six miies of ocean steamships.
"Tbe company has contracted for the
immediate erection of a hote ," continued
Mr. Grant, "and, in addition to this build
ing, there wiil be another lar-re structure
for a store and offices. A picked colony
of about twenty tiv« persons sailed from
New York for that place on February 4,
arm other-t will soon follow. It is our in
tention to settle that country with people
from here, although there are a good
many English nnd Germans already there.
It is a fane country and tbeclimate is very
similar to that in Southern California, and
I believe when this and its many other
advantages become generally known the
opportunity will «be quickly grasped and
there will be something like an Oklahoma
rush."
Mr. Grant will remain in Santa Monica
for about a month, and on tbe Ist of
April will return -to his Venezuelan pos
session?, leaving his family here until he
is prepared for their stay in their new
home.
It A GItASGB MAX FOISOyjCD.
Killed by Eating Toadstools, Which Be
Heller ed Were JUu*liroom.i.
MODESTO, Cal., Feb. 26.— J. W. Watts,
a well-known resident of La Grange, died
last night from the effects of eating toad
stool*, believing them to be mushrooms.
On Tuesday afternoon Watts and P. J.
Rcquet gathered the supposed mush
rooms and cooked and ate them at Watts'
saloon. Both became sick. Watts refused
the services of a doctor, savin* he would
be all right. When the physician was
sr.mmoned his life could not be saved and
he died in great agony at 7 o'clock last
night. Roquet was given antidotes and is
still alive, but it is not known whether he
will live. Watts was a married man, leav
ing a widow and a child.
Death of a Justin Hanker.
SANTA ANA, Cal., Feb. 26".— 3. W.
Preble of Tustin died early this morning
from pneumonia. He was a California
pioneer, having arrived In San Francisco
iv July, 1849. He was a successful miner
for a number of years. Preble removed to
Tustin in 1376. He was an extensive fruit
grower and a capitalist of considerable
prominence, being one of the leading
stockholders of the Bank of Tustin and
vice-president of the First National Bank
of Santa Ana. He was also connected
with tbe Grangers' Bank of San Francisco.
Mr. Preble was a native ot York, Me., and
was 71 years of age.
Santa Crvz Haa n Portia.
BANTA CRUZ, Cal., Feb. 26 -if ra. L.
U. McOann, tiie first woman lawyer of
Santa Cruz to try n suit in the courts of
this county, appeared in her initial effort
beiore JuJgeDoolan of San fienito County
sitting in me stead of Judge Smith, in the
Superir Court to-day. The case in which
Mrs. McCann is engajpd is a divorce suit,
brought hy Zacharia X-.-vers against Eu
puonia Xevers. Mrs. McVann is the
widow of t c late Jua K e F. J. McCann
who occupied the Superior bench in this
county for a number of years
*>I*e'iargtid in Dionraee.
BAN DIEGO, Cal., Feb. 26.-Edwin
Young, a sailor of tbe United States gun
boat Marion, \*ho was recently fonnd
guilty of gross insubordination and assault
on an officer at Iquique last October and
sentenced by court-ruartia! to one year in
the penitentiary, to-day bad his sentence
commuted to dishonorable discharge by
Admiral Beardslee.
>O Cianrrtt** for \*vndn Minor*.
CARSON, Nev., Feb. 26.— The bill which
recently parsed the Assembly of the Ne
vada Legislature, licensing the sale of
cieareitea and cigarette paper in this Stat -,
to-day passed the Senate. It reduces the
present license of $150 a quarter to $15 a
quarter, and makes it a misdemeanor,
with severe punishment, to sell cigarettes
to persons nnder 21 years of ape. Without
doubt the Governor wiil sign the bill.
San Hiego Water I'a'es.
BAN DIEGO, Cal., Feb. 26.— The City
Council has agreed npon a water ordi
nance for the coining year. The rates will
be substantially the a.-me n* at present,
except those for irrisatio.i tracts of one
. c . -or more, whic I wlil be raised from
i- %£ CP , nts p " r loO ° gallons for the first
ii.MO gallons. After that the rate will be
n- i same as before. The oHinaro^ will
nnn'Li^ Ban D» ■„ Water C.'mi any an
annual income of $100 000 -
ARRAIGNED AT '.ACRAMENTO.
Fred S. Prcctor, i. * Putative Scion of
English Hobiiily, in Court
(or Theft
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 26.-Fred
n;LT lC r ° Was arrested on * charge
i h arC9 " HeSteFda y at theinsti,a
ion of the manager for the Baker- Haroil.
ton Company, wholesale hardware mer
chants, was arraigned in the Police Court
hismornin*. He entered a plea of not
• \ 7 l< k o WBS eranted a continuauca
until March 2 to procure the services of
counsel. Shortly .after court adj urned
three more complaints against him on'
similar charges were sworn to by a rep
resentative of the firm. ■
T. de Wolfe Hannah, the unfortunate
young man's associate, in whose office wa,
found a quantity of the proceeds 5 Proc
tor's piifennßS, said to-lay -rroc
-I am simply overwhelmed with aston
ishment to hear that any such charges
should be brought against my friend
Proctor, wno I believe is a younger son of
Lord Proctor of England. At all events
the matter is trivial and should be over
looked, you know. As far as I am con
cerned in the affair, you know," he added
with an aristocratic English drawl, "I
know nothing except that Proctor claimed
to have known me in old England, and
when he brought the things to my 'office
he claimed they were portions of a fi-nine
outfit, you know.wbich he was preparing
for an outing in the Sierras this comin'
season." -'rvS'-'
Z'orth Sin Junn Catualt-f.
MARYSVILLE, Cal., Fab. 26.— John
Crane, formerly employed at North San
Juan as hostler in M. C. Hogan's stable,
received injuries in a runaway accident
last night which resulted in his "death two
hours later.
FOOD COFFEE.
MOEE FUN
To Be Well Than .All the Best of the
Fun on Earth.
Some physicians say that all nervous
diseases arise from a disordered stomach,
and that even the peculiar diseases of
females are direcriy traceable to an unbal-
anced nervous system caused by stomach
troubles. - -,';. <•
The stomach may be suffering, but will
not show it there; freauently the distress
will be telegraphed over the nerves to tho
head, eyes, back or abdomen. ; •'
Medicines are not so much needed as
good common-sense in eating and drink-
ing. Coffee is one of the most prolific
causes of trouble with the stomach, prin-
cipally because people continue to use it
when they' are f6eling bad, not knowing
that the poisonous alkaloids of coffee di-
rectly check digestion and attack the liver.
A dismissal of coffee for a week or ten
days will show many sufferers the causa
of their troubles, and, while they won't
eet well in that time, the improvement in
health will open their eyes. Postum, the
health coffee, made at Battle Greek,
Mich., can be us°d by those who are
troubled with coffee, and it agrees per-
fectly with the weakest stomach, while
the pure food elements of the grains of
which it is made will nourish and fatten
the body. Return to natural living and
get well.
Beware of the fraudulent imitations of
the original Postum Cereal grain coffee.
Insist on Postum.
ARE YOU?
IF YOU ARE_
Among the various ills that afflict
the numau body, none are more ex-
hausting to the vital powers than what
is commonly called "Nervous Debility"
or "Seminal Weakness."
Are • You
Weak ? Are you troubled with dreams
by night or losses by day at* you
annoyed with pimples or blackneads ?
Are you bashful or adverse to society ?
Are you losing your energy, ambition
or self-confidence? Are you tired,
stupid or discontented ? Are you feel-
ing despondent or gloomy? Are you
afraid ot losing your memory? Are
you unfit for business or pleasure ? Aro
you sutject to a weak back or aching
kidneys? Are you impotent or feeble
in sexual' power Are you about to
get marrieu iaeling unfit for matri-
mony ?
If You Are
.Thus afflicted you know the cause.
Stop the vile hab t that is killing you,
and get cured of its evil effects. You
wil. flnltne distinguished specialist.
Doctor Cook, your best iriend. He will
restore to you your wasted Vitality, and
qualify you for the pleasures, dutiei
and responsibilities of sturdy manhood.
DOCTOR COOK is also an expert on
Female Complaints, Gonorrhea, Gleet,
Stricture, Syphilis, Varicocele, Hydro-
. eels. Rheumatism, Rupture, . Piles,
B.ood and Skin Diseases, and diseases
of the Eye. Ear, Nose, Throat, Bialn,
Heart, Lung*, Liver, Stomach, Kid-
neys, Btauder and Urinary Organs.
MAIL TEKAiMEIff always suc-
cessful. Therefore write if you cannot
■*■■;• ca.l. FREE BOOK on Nervousand Sex-
ubl Diseases to all men d scribing their
troubles. Office hours, 9 to 12 A. M.
and 2 to 5 and 7 to 8 P. M.; Sundays
from 10 to 12 A. M. only. Address
Doctor Cook,
' 865 Market Street,
San Francisco, CaL
I*. A, . Brrtellnsr. Pres. H. Xordman. Vlo*-Prai,
A. W. Ktric .Sea ■. Kordman, Treat
(Formerly 427 Kearny St.)
HAS REMOVED TO— ,
16 KEARNY STREET!
SlrtllVF Yfiil Tnroat, J^^csTcolmeSll
*«P"" E lUU colored Spots, Aches, 6ld Sores 4
S«Jlcer3 in Mouth, iiair-Valllag! "Write LOOKS
MKEMEBY CO., SOT s£a.onic TeSpl*^
«t!ilcaso, 111., lor proofs ot cures. Cupt- 51
Btul. SoOO.OOO. Worst cases cured to 15 3
llm M-i' I ***.. 100-pag«i book, free. MBOUGHT A TOGA
WITH HIS GOLD
Serious Charge Preferred
Against Senator- Elect
Heitfeld.
Idaho Legislator Swears That
He Received Money lor
His Vote.
May Be a Scheme to Prevent the
Seating of the Successful
Candidate.
BOISE, Idaho, Feb. 2G.-Considerable
excitement has been censed in political
circles here by Representative Joines of
Elmore County makine affidavit that he
was bribed to vote for Henry Heitfeld,
recently elected United Statea" Senator by
the- Idaho Leg. stature. The affidavit sets
forth that Kepresentative W. Y. Perkins
promised Joines $250 if he would vote for
Heilield, and nfter the election actually
gave him $110, the remaining $100 not
having been paid It is further declared
in the- affidavit that C. C. Fuller promised
the affian; $200 if he would vote for Heit
feld, and after Heitfeld was elected Fuller
.and Heitfeld went to the Capitol Bank,
drew the $-JOO and paid it over to Joines as
per agreement.
3ojnes says it has been his intention
right along to make tlrs statement when
the proper time should arrive. It is said
i hat two other members of the Lepislature
have made 6imilar affidavits. The mat
ter' bas been worked up by the Populists,
aTid is said to have been engineered from
the .office of a Populist attorn-y in this
city, which is a circumstance that con
fuses those who are seeking for a motive
for bringins out the charge*. The most
generally accepied theory is that it is part
n f a plan to prevent tite seating of Heit
feld as United States Senator.
SAUSALITO MAN'S OFFENSE.
Charles Burrey Musi Face the Law for
Tak.ng Two P.ctures Owned by
the SI in keys.
SAUSALITO, Cal., Feb. 26 —Art circles
in Mann County will be treated to a bit of
a surprise this week, for Darnel Slinkey, a
brother of J. E. Slinkey, the proprietor of
El Monte Hotel, has sworn to a complaint
• before Recorder Josepn H. Pryor, charg
ing Charles Burrey. late of Sausalito, but
now a resident of ban Rafael, witn taking
two pictures from the Hotel Sau?alito.
Mr. Burrey is really not as bad a man
as Mr. Siinkey would have it appear, for
when he heard that Slinkey intended to
bring an action against him he took the
pictures from the wall winch they graced
and returned them, and they now occupy
adust-covered shell in the hallway of
Hotel Sausalito.
The pictures are not original but, toge
gether with tne frame*, they would proD
•abiy bring about $175 at* forced sale.
One represents Columbus at the court of
Ferdinand and Isabella and the o:her is a
chromo in colors of a Roman chariot race.
Sausaliio's entire municipal covern
roer. t is agitated ovrr the affair, and Mar
shal John E. Creed has the warrant In his
pocket with which to surprise the unsus
pecting Burrey.
Pror-ecuting Attorner Adolph Sylva is
consulting his law bcoks for cases bearing
on the subject and Judge Prvor, before
whom the case must De tried, is debating
in his own mind whether the offense is
serious enough to permit Mr. Burrey to
enjoy freedom upon bail.
• Mr. Barrey is known from one end of
the county "to the other, for be was Hie
editor of the Herald, which, after chang
ing us headquarters to almost every town
in Marin County, finally gsve up thf» strug
gle for existence and died. Mr. Burrey
lor many years lived with tie Klinkeys in
Sausalito and became imbued with the
idea that the pictures in question really
belonged to him. Now, Slinkey wants his
pic.ures, but at the same time be wants
Mr. Burrey punishe \ for tnking them
away, and that is why the Marshal of
Sausalito is waiting for the sri admirer to
walk into the arm< of the law.
. BXXTJL ROSA. JUHOKS DISAGREE.
Fail to Reach a Verdict in Ex- Recorder
Hall's Case.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Feb. After
being locked up for twenty-four hours, the
jury- in the case of the People vs. G. P.
Hail was unable to agree and was dis
charged by the court. Mr. Hail was
charged with failing to account for $35 cf
county money, while serving as .Recorder
of this county, the specific charge being
but one of a series of alleged shortages.
The trial lasted over two week?, and was
most hotly contested. It is said to bava
cost Sonoma County $10,000, and the end
is not yet. It was shown during tue. trial
that lour or five different persons had
access to the cash box of the Recorder
while ilr. Hall was in office, and this fact,
taken with the defendant's excellent
character, had a great influence with the
'jury, seven members of which bad stood
out for acquittal to the last. .
• Santa Itota Cycling Meet.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Feb. 26. — Fine
■ weather and a splendid track will be two
factors contributing to the succees of the
race meeting here to-morrow, and fast
riding is looked for. As the people of this
vicinity have never before had the oppor
tunity of witnessing a bicycle contest be
tween men of national reputation, it is
eale to prophesy that the capacity of the
grounds wiJi be taxed Jong before the
first race has been decided. The splendid
weather of the past few days has afforded
••very opportunity for practice, and the
flyers are all in good trim for record
breaking.
Sacramento Grand Jury Indictments.
"SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 26.—As
semblyman L. M. Landeborouuli, the al
leged defaulter, for whom three attorneys
are making a strong iicht, is in more
trouble. The application made by his
counsel for a writ of prohibition against
the Superior Court of this county das
been deniel by the Superior Court and
tins morning the Grand Jury returned
the five indictments aaainst him, which
had been set aside on a legal technicality.
Onkdnle-Sonora Railway.
OAKDALE. Cal., Feb. 26.— The Sierra
Railway Company of California is rush
ing the preliminary work on the proposed
railroad from O.ikda'le to Sonora. With.in
adißtanceoi tbiry miles already traversed
•only nine property-holders remain who
hava not Kiven the ri tit of way. As
aoon as the right of way is procured, work
will be begun at Oakdale and pushed with
all possible speed.
fire at J'rrrlt.
RIVERSIDE, Cal., Feb. 26.— The Nance
block at Perris was burned thi> morning.
The loss on the building is $13,000; partly
insured. The principal losses are: J. E.
Lteman, drugstore, $5000, inaurauce |2000;
G. S. Deline, groceries, $10,000, insurance
$6000. The Toitoffice was burned and all
the mail lost.
X'trption at Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 26.— One of
the swellest receptions ever tendered in
this chv was given this evening at the
Golden Eacle Hotel by Mrs. General Bar
rett, Mrs. William Becknian, Mrs. Sena
tor Flint, Mrs. Senator Voorheis and Mrs.
Senator Stratton. The rooms were beau
tifnlly decorated under the artistic direc
tions' of the Misses Mary and Bessie
Crouch, and "the light fantastic" was
tripped until the wee sma' houri.
Water* of the Ohiit /ieerditn.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, Feb. 26. — The
river is falling. At 8 o'clock to-nigtit the
news was given out at the waterworks
that the gauge there showed by the slight
est margin scarcely a quarter of an
inch, a receding tiue. Up to that hour"
from 8 r. M. the river lias been stubbornly
at a standstill of 01 leet 2 inches. It is
more than likely that from now on the
waters will go down rapidly.
f'xplniion it a Coal-Laden Bark.
SWANSEA, Wales. Feb. 28.— An ex
plosion occurred to-day on the British
bark Kilmeny, Captain Jones, which was
loaded with coal for San Francisco. The
fore and main hatches were blown off ana
three persons were injured. The explo
sion was due to gas that had been gen
erated by the cargo.
I'frtniitrd to Land at Seattle.
TACOMA. Wash., Feb. 26.— Ng Kit, the
Chinese merchant, is on his way to San
Francisco with his wife and daughter.
Collector Saunders permitted the women
to land on receipt of permission lrom
Washington granting a special dispen
sation.
LIVELY AT RANDSBURG.
New Discoveries Heine Made There
and in the Tanaiulnt and
Slate Kanges.
J. M. Wood, a blind musician, known in
many mining camps, has returned here
after a long absence. He has just come
from Randsburg, where he spent a month,
and says it is an exceedingly lively place,
and that miners and prospectors are ac
tive! v at work.
A Mr. Crawford found a ledge within a
quarter of a mile of the town which ran
fSOOtotlM ton. He had heard, too. that
me Butte claim wan sold for $75,000. A
good deal of work is being done in the
Panamint and Slate ranges. In the old
Galer placer mines they are finding big
nugcets, and most of the miners are mak
ing $4 and $5 a day. A man named Wat
kins, who has started a vaudeville show in a
iarge tent, is doing well, and is now try
ing to engage San Francisco talent.
• WANTED TO BET.
Matthew Ward Says He Wai Ejected
From Ingleside.
Matthew Ward, by his attorneys John B.
Gartlaud and John D. Whaley. has sued
the Pacific Coast Jockey Club for $5000
damages for being ejactei from the race
track at Ingleside ou the sth inst. "Ward
avers that he was attending, seeing and
betting on the horseraces at 4 o'clock
when he was assaulted by the corporation
and was beaten with a cane and forcibly
ejected from the inclosure; that he was
mortified and humiliated and jeered at
and laughed at by the general puolic, thus
causing him much mental pain and an
guish, and he thinks he felt bad $5000
worth, together with costs of suit.
AN ANGRY WOMAN'S DEED
Mrs. Mattie Hagan Seriously
Injures Her Husband, John
Hagan.
The Injured Man, to Shield Her,
Declares It Was an Ac.
eldest
Mrs. Mattie Hagan, young and win
some, but with sparkling eyes that tell of
a ferocious temper, last night plunged a
carving-knife into the breast of her jealous
husband.
Jack Hagan, devoted but suspicions, lay
on a cot at the Receiving Hospital, and
while the death sweat gathered on his
brow and the words of the hospital physi
cians that his recovery was doubtful still
rung horribly in his ears, reiterated a
clumsy fiction calculated to shield the
woman who had dealt the vicious blow.
About 10 o'clock last evening Hagan
rushed inio Hyer's grocery-store, at the
corner of Third and South Park streets,
with tie request that he be taken to a
rtoctor. Flingincopen his coat he showed
his shirt front and vest drenched in blood.
He was taken at onca to the Receiving
Hospital, where he said he was playing
en the sola with the baby in hts residence
at 33 South Park. He had a carving-knife
in tiis hand, and slipping from the sofx,
he fell upon the knife. This story he
stuck to throughout al interrogation.
The physicians at the hospital examined
the wound, and lound the left ln:.g badly
punctured and the aorta tadlv cut. He
was very weak from loss of blood, and the
doctors do not believe no can recover.
About an hour after the occurrence Mrs.
Matt;e Hacan, his wife, appeared at the
Receiving Hospi:al. She had no idea of
the enormity of the offense she had com
mitted, as she thought she had only given
him a slight rcratch.
"It was all his fault." was the only an
swer she would vouchsafe at first to in
quiries* as tothe nature of the husband's
wounds. Upon further questioning she
admitted that she did the cutting.
"He was always quarreling," she said.
"He was good to me. but he was awfully
jealous. He accused me of the worst
tbinjrs you cou.d imagine. Last night be
came home and 1 was drinking a glass ot
bfer. He doesn't drink, and tie would
have it that I Was drunk.
"Then he commenced abusing me. He
threw a chair, intendinc to hit me, and hit
my three-year-old baby. I had left the
baby on the lonrue, and he said I was
neglecting it and was too lazy to get. up
and take it in bed.
."Then he called me an awful name. I
won't allow any man to call me that, and
when be came near me I just pushed him
away with the carving-knife. It will
teach him a good lesson.
To the police she stated that her hus
band assaulted her with a ha.chet, and
shf used the knife in se!f-ttef?i;se.
Hagan is employed at an electrical es
tab.isbment on O'Farrell street.
His wife, who is a woman not over 22
years of ape, petite nr>d r tther pretty, was
formerly a Miss Homick of San Jo«e.
Her father is at present employed in Oak
land.
She was allowe i to return to her home,
but a policeman accompanied her to keep
guard on the premises.
Later. Hagan taid be was chopping
wood, an i his wife had the carving-knife
in her hand. In a ployfnl struggle for the
knife, he eaid, he was scratched.
All Well on the Rattler.
The schooner Eureka, which arrived last
night, reported that it had spoken the schooner
Rattler twenty miles iff Polm Reyes. The Rat
tler had 118 ■■ea. skins uu board and wished to
report "all well."
'; There was a time when critical ale drinkers
despaired of getting a bottled ale free from
dreg and sediment, but to-day they delight in
the success of "Evans," because in it they see
the perfection of brewing and bottling. 6b er
wood & Eberwood, Pacific Coast agents, ' *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1897.
DYNAMITER AT
NATIONAL CITY
John Becker's L ; quor Store
Partially Wrecked by
an Explosion.
Himself and Family Hurled
From Their Beds and
Irjured.
Fiendish Work of an Enemy Who
Has Harassed ths Merchant
for Years.
BAN DIEGO, Cal., Feb. 26.— The liquor
store owned by John J. Beckerat National
City was partially wrecked by an explo
sion of dynamite at 3 o'clock this morn
ing. Becker and his wife and children,
who were sleeping on the second floor.
were thrown from their beds, and a son 7
years old suffered the fracture of a leg.
For several years Becker has been pur
sued by a relentless enemy. Aoout a year
ago an attempt was made to burn his
store. Becker believes he knows who this
cowardly fiend is, and it is believed he
will employ detectives to run the feliow to
cover.
The explosion this morning wrecked
the front ena of the store building, under
which the dynamite had been placed.
The family slept directly overhead. When
the dynamite was touched off they were
hurled from their couches and, th-» floor
givinc way, they fell with the broken tim
bers to the first floor. Every member of
the family was more or lets injured, but
the boy suffered more severely than did
the others. The damage to the building
amounted to about $1000.
SUMMER FOR STANFORD
Native Sons Celebrate the E!ev«
enth Year of Their Or
ganisation.
A Magnificent Scene in a Hall Artist
ically Decorat d— Hearts Won
and L)st.
Never before was the main hall of the
Native Sons' buiiding more brilliant than
last night, on the occasion of the eleventh
anniversary ball ol Stanford Parlor No.
76, N. 8. G." W.
The decoration, which was the work of
A. F. Schleicher, one of the members, con
sisted ch:erly of butterflies naturally rep
resented. There were also many "hearts,"
typifying the hearts won and lost at Stan
ford's brilliant meetings. The idea of the
decorator was the presentation of summer,
with all that makes the season attractive.
There was a large attendance, the ladiei
in rich and handsome gowns.
The grand march was led by Harrison
Housewortb, the president of the parlor,
and Mrs. Harrison Housewortb.
The event, in every way as great a
success as any previously given by Stan
ford, was under the supervision of the fol
lowing named, who composed the com
mittees:
Reception— H. & Martin, chairman; R. J.
Mier, W. A. Desne, D. C. Martin, J. J. Mc-
Canhy, C. H. Stanynn, K. J. Angelo, D. A.
Curtin, F. H. Jung, A. N. Copsey, J. Greenberg
and F. H. Eckenroth.
Floor manager, Harrison HouscwoTth.
Floor Committee— Dr. E. R. Bryant. Dr. W.
F. Snarp, Marcus S. Hanowe. W.H. Daly, A.
P. Giannlni, C. D. Steiger, Dr. W. H. Sieberst,
E. L. Head and Rubgeli R. Martin.
The officers of the parlor for the current
term are:
Past president, Russell R. Martiu; president,
Harrison Houseworth ; flm vice-pre»ident,
Charles H. Stanyan; second vice-president.
Chants F. Raito; third vice-president, John J.
McCarthy; recording secretary, Frank Van
L>eventer; financial secretary. Joseph G. Cox;
marshal, J. W. Lewis; treasurer, Frank 11.
Kckenroth; trustees— D. A. Curtin, \V. H.
Ml) ; M. S. Harloe; surgeon, E. R. Bryant,
M.D. ; outside sentinel, A. C. Trautvetter; In
side sentinel, M. J. O'Ket-fe.
Among thost present were: George J. Nolan,
James S. Hawkins, S. J. TheiSiii, H. Bird,
Waller H. Lord, Miss Rose Hert.it, Mrs. W. E.
Ashmore, Charles Gerlach, A. B. Jones, 1). A.
NoUn, Will F. FisUer, Mrs. Thomas B. Gould,
A. J. A.gelo, Mrs. Nellie Angeio, Miss L
Nolan, O. H. Heyncman, E. X. Harris, J. J.
Lerman, Mrs. J. J. Lernaau, 11. I. Howard, Miss
If. E. Gray, H. G. Sieberst, Miss Sieberst, Grand
Vict-Presldi-ut George 1). curk, John J. Greif,
J. W. Lee, Miss Lil lo Brady. J. P. Sweeny, Mist
Sweeny, Vernou Upiou, Mrs. Vernon Cpton,
President Harrison Housewor h, Mrs. H.
Hou>ewortb, Miss 1. Smyth, Miss M. Frederic*.
Wiiliam G. Barr, W. G. Lee, Thomas McCauley,
Herman W\ liter, T. Althoi, Mls« Emma Altliot,
Charles A. Boldeman, Mrs. C. A. Boideman W
H. Daly, Mrc. B. Daly, E. H. Hills, W. K. Colter,
UiM .Meyer, Alias Eilen Duune, Francis Kruel,
Miss Marguerite Seigfroth, P. H. Scibei Miss
Motile Heibel. Miss Emily Seibel, Clem Blethan,
Mis* Carrie Buck, Mr. m.d Mrs. Joseph F.
Nuunnan Jr., J. W. O'Brien, Mrs. J W.
O Brien, D. L. Fitzgerald, Mr. ana Mrs.
C. H. Sianyan, Grand Secretary Henry
Lunstedt, Miss Annie Las ire to, Mr. and
Mrs. J. F. Croon, Miss Kstelle Croon,
W. L. Whelan, Mrs. W, L. Whele.ii, Mrs, A
Clark. W. G. Houston. Mifs Houston, Wiliiaoi
McCarthy, Will, am J. Mitiiewson, George
Rose, Mrs. George Rose, H. Flltiner, J. J. Dunn
Jr., Mrs. Dunn, Miss Cunningham, W. B. Wee
dier, James C. Dunn, J. Dlersen, Miss Gnnst
L. G. Schord. C. A. Levy, A. O. Oalley. John J.
Urougham, Miss M. Telkenberg, H. J. Cordea.
Miss M. Boyle, Clarence Musto, Miss Lotta
Musio, Frank Sullivan, Miss M. Harrison
Frank G. Wills, Miss Margaret Craven. J J
Youug, Dr. M. E. Kumnell, Miss Isabel
Donovan. Miss Nettle Colby, E. G. Carrera
Mrs. Emily Herzer, F. H. Juug, Miss M. Cooney'
Russell Martin. Miss Belle Lampe, Phi Law
)er, W. F. Sawyer, Dt. J. C. Balnbriuge, Mrs J
C. Bainbridge, Dr. Curtin, B. H. Lucke, R M(>
Colgan, Mr. and Mrs. George Filmer, Thomas
8 enly, H. M. Furmnn. Mrs. H. M. Furman P
S. San'ord, Mrs. Underwood, Miss Martin
Robert W. Martland, Mrs. Robert W. Fart:and'
Mi=s Nellie Mart and. Grand Past President F
H. Dunne, W. T. Peden Jr., W. Alexander j'
T. Carroll, Mrs. J. T. Carroll, the Misses
Lynch, George Stanford, L. K. HngenVamp
.Miss Berths Me.-slng, Mr. P. McCarthy
Robert R. Impy, A. P. Glanninl, Mrs. A P
Gianninl, V. Tobin, Miss Carey, Miss N. Carey
KU Douthell, Miss M. Cnrey.E. L. Head, Mr*
E. L. Head, Samuel Shaen, Mrs. 8. gnaen, J
Tobin. George li. S. Dryden, Mrs. George
H. Dryden, Miss KiuiQ Tober, F. B.
Surrytine, Mrs. M. Breese, Mrs. Frederick
Mr. Do lard, H. Monahan, R. M. Duke. Mis
Emma Feis.'l, Miss Agnes Cowles, C. F. O'Neil
E R. Bryant, Miss L. L. Buck, Clay H. Beatiee'
Miss Rose Garrlty, D. OCaiJaghan, Miss M
Shea, Miss W»ll, ft. O'C)nnell, Miss
Lucette O'Connoll, Miss L. Con vay
Dr. Richards, W. M. Brown, H. F
Sharp, J. Whatcome, Mi3s Eva Whatoomo,
Mrs. Lucy A. Barbintii, Mrs. Annie Algelting
er, Mi»s Johnston, W. D. Hynes, Mrs. A. U.
Hynrs, Miss Alice Kavan&uich, L. A. Haven,
Ernest C. Stock, Arthur Volkman, C. F. Kauo,
Misi May Ryan, Richard J. Meyer, G. A. Chris
teusoti, Miss Clara M. Byington, J. W. Lewis.
M:>. Linßio-.i, J. H. Greefkonv, P. J. Morten
stein, Mrs. P. J. Martensteiu, Miss Maud Mar
tenste.n, S. L'-'wala, C. H. Graham, Airs. L. 11.
Graham, Miss Maude Sunlcton. Miss K. Eate
man, Charles H. Bell, John J. McCarthy, Mrs.
J. J. McCarthy, Miss Lettie M. Simpson Miss
(i B. Upton, A. 11. Gianninl, M.D., Mr. and
Mrs. G. D. Graham, Charles Carter. M. J.
Hayes. Miss A. Hayes, Miss I. Thomas
P. W. Jones, Miss Alice Well, Miss Pearl R-cd,
Mr. and Mrs. C. O. Steiser, B. F. Lee. Mrs. A.
Overholser, F. Gonzalez, E. H. Lange, William
Gleason, Miss Gleason. Grant Tro-lec, J. B.
Blake, P. St. Jullien. Mrs. P. St. Jullien, Miss
Lucy ttoursulguea, J. Ellison, Mr. and Mrs. A.
Muhs.J. S. Scully, Miss Jennie Bepgs, George
G. Williamson, Miss McColgan, James A.
Wnite. M. F. Bilk, William Stanford, Sianley J.
Kay, Miss Fay, Miss Esielle G. Fay, Mr. and
Mrs. \V. B. Larkins, M:ss V. Mclntosh, J. Mul
cabey Miss M«g>;ie Burns, Charles F. Vagts.
Miss Lottie Vagts, Miss Clarlsse Maioon, S.
S. Wilcox, Mrs. 8. S Wile x, Miss K. Wilcox.
Dr. H. D. Noble, R. Hampton. J. U. Coe, P.
Dibert, W. W. Fennie, L. Schwartz. F. H.
Miller, A. F. Seh.etcher, E. J. Coffey, William
M. Fitzmaurlce, Percy V. Long. A. N. Coprev,
Kin ML J. Be 1, D. O'Connell, J. H. Strehl. Miss
L. Mahoney, Lewis J. Byington, Miss Byineton,
W. 0. Statlifekl, Mrs. W. l\ Stadifeld, E. C 5
B^rtlett, Samuel Beach, L. AHken, Mi«sM.
Meyer, Emlle White. T. li. Reynolds, E. O.
rolißhan, L. S. Crackbon, [G. G. Stanford, R.
Qutnlan, M. & Hanoe, J. E. McElroy, B. C.
Warwick, Miss Emma Ptomslc, Wnl Kennedy,
A. c:. Trauireiler. E. J. Angel.. M ss Kiln Kve'r
ning, Bermird MrE.roy, Miss Oct&via Price, P.
lit reman, Dr. V. 1). Lustig. M:s. J. J. Young.
ITS NAME PROPITIOUS.
The Good Samaritan Mission Opened
Thursday M«ht With an Enter
tainment and Feast.
The Good Samaritan Mission was
ODened Thursday evening with an enter
tainment and feast. It is an institution
of the local Episcopal churches and is
located on Second street, near Folsom.
At the beginning of the exercises Rev.
W. D. Kip gave an address of welcome to
the church people, the clergy, the parish
ioners and the San Francisco people gen
erally who had so liberally contributed
toward the building of the mission. The
programme included songs by the boys'
choir of the chapel, a hymn by the girls'
choir, a violin oblignto by Miss Ethel
Smith, a song by Miss Edith Smith, a
recitation by Miss McDermott and a selec
tion by Professor Beiber's Mandolin Club.
The committee on arrangements was
composed of the Young Ladies' Guild
under the direction of Miss A. C. Bern is.
The rooms will be open from 9 \. m. till
10 p. m. of every day, ana on Sunday and
Friday evenings there will be religious
exercises. The mission is composed of a
chapel, occupying the most of the second
story, a sewing school, a boys' and a
men's Tead ing-room, a men's entertaining
room, a gymnasium, a kitchen, a dispen
sary and a young ladies' guild room.
PROTECTING SHIPBUILDERS
Foreign-Built Yachts Owned by Ameri
cans Must Pay Fort Charges and ,
Tonnage Taxes.
The Collector of the Fort has received
instructions from the Treasury Depart
ment regarding the Jaws recently passed
by Congress in relation to foreign-owned
and foreign-built yachts entering Ameri
can ports. Yachts belonging to the citi
zens of foreign nations that permit Ameri
can yachts to enter their harbors free of
port charges and tonnage taxes will be
allowed the same privileges in American
ports.
All foreign-built yachts owned or char
tered by .American citizens will be com
pelled to pay port charges and tonnage
taxes when entering American ports, pro
vided that the ownership or charter rights
were acquired subsequent to February 8
last, the date on which the law was passed.
Tiie act on which these regulations are
based was framed for the purpose of pro
tecting American shipbuilders.
TO TJNINE THE FARMERS.
A City Club of Real Agriculturists It
Being Organized.
The Farmers' Institute held its second
session Wednesday in tbe Academy of
Sciences Hall. Tbe attendance was large
and the suoj cts discussed were listened to
with great interest. To many the idea of
a gathering of farmers in a large city
seems strange, but it is a fact that San
Francisco boasts of a large number of
farmers. They are not of tbe typical
granger order, suspenders fastened
to thin overalls Kith a fence-board nail,
tut, nevertheless, they are farmers. Many
of those who attend the meetings own
large farming properties which they man
age through an overseer, and others look
after their own properties and' make fly
ing trips to their possessions several times
a month to see that- the hired men are
properly caring for trie livestock and
poultry, pruning tbe iruit-trees and Tines
and to see how the cereal crops are pro
gressing.
Such was the nature of the gathering
last evening, ana oat of these gatherings
is growing a Sab Francisco larmers' club.
At a previous meeting a constitution was
framed. The matter of forming the club
was left in the hands of a committee, con
sisting of: H. H. Tr.ylor, chairman; Ed
ward F. Adams, Ernst A. Denicke, Alfred
Ho.man, 15. P. Finn, Philo D. Jewett and
P. B. Cornwall.
This committee reported that it recom
mended the organization oi suoh a club
under tbe constitution previously sub
mitted, and added:
We recommend that all persons desiring to
become members of said club be requested to
hand in their names and address with $150
for does for tbe first six months to Victor L.
O'Brien, 402 Montgomery street, who has con
tented to take charge of the same until the
organization of tbeclub. We recommend that
the club meet for organization at 8 P. X. on
Monday, April 5, at some place to be deter
mined later and announced through the press
by Mr. O'Brien.
About 60 people have signified their in
tention of joining the club and more are
expected. Not only are the actual farm
owner- interested in the club, but several
bank officials who hold mortgages on
country properties and real estate agents
are looking into the movement.
The lectures given at the institute meet
ings are particularly interesting to all
who own outside lands that they are de
sirous of improving. Last evening there
were two speakers. Pro eetor C. W. Wood
worth and Professor E. J. 'Wickson, The
former delivered an interesting discourse
on "Dairy Bacteria," in which he described
the minute organisms which multiply in
milk products. Some of these, he said, are
of great value ami others highly injurious
and dangerous. He dwelt at length upon
the relationship ol milk to typhoid fever
and consumption and told ol the danger
of spr 'aduiß these diseases in lacteal fluid
and ita products.
Professor Wickson's subject was
"Grasses and Foraee Plants lor California
Dairymen.'* Tne professor exhibited sev
eral dozen samples of good, baa and in
different forage plants, natural and im
ported, that are now growing in this Btat«\
At to-night's meeting Proffssor E. W.
Hilgard and Dr. Julius Koebig will lec
ture.
The Blf-rchants' Association.
The Merchants' Association directors re
solved yesterday to ask the Legislature to
amend the <Mvil Code to permit the lease of
City lots for fifty years; to oppose Senate bill
125 and Assembly bill 276, on the ground
that every application for a franchise, under
the terms of the bills, must be published and
also for other reasons; also to protest against
Senate bill 450, relative to work on streets
and sewers.
A request was received from Mayor Phelan
that tue board indorse the constitutional
amendment providing that sections 4 nnd 5
of Article XI of ;he constitution relating to
citie* and counties shall not apply to San
Francisco. Mayor Phelan nlso requested the
board to approve the act that has ueen intro
duced in the Legislature, ennbliug San Fran
cisco to limp.iiy and economize in. the special
eleCiion oi Freeholders to frame a new charter.
Both requests were granted, and tbe secre
tary was Instructed to send notices of its ac
tion to the Mayor and to the legislators. The
board decided to do all in its power to encour
age and assist the Golden Gate Carnival.
Two Indictment*.
The Grand Jury returned en indictment
against Jacob L. Thurston on a charge of
shooting at George H. Penis with intent to
kill. The shootine occurred on the afternoon
of February 11 on B*n Jose avenue.
An md ctment was also returned against G.
Lapi-ondo, charged with stealing a ring be
longing to Mary de Silva.
The fac-aimile frf s/#/f j-^*** ** on ever y wrapper
signature of ; wtM^/fff^^^ of CASTORIA.
TWO DEAD AND
MORE DYING
Horrible Condition of an
Italian Family of
Eight.
They Ate Toadstools Instead of
Mushrooms and the Effect
Was Awfu 1 .
Four Doctors Labored in Van to
Keep Death Away From tha
Suffrers.
The Easseinas, four of them, the father,
mother and two children, are lying at
death's door from eating toadstools in
stead of mushrooms.
Two more of the children are dead, and
they are laid out on a bare table in the
room next to where foar doctors are try
ing to save the lives of the others.
Wednesday the two little boys, the ones
who are now dead, went out to the Presi
dio to gather mushroom*. They returned
with a pailful, and Thursday these were
cooked for the family.
Before nipht all were down with un
doubted signs of poisoning.
The children were the first to show
signs of the fatal mistake. The youngest
were taken with sharp pains in the stom
ach, and their faces and necks turned al
most black.
Then the father was taken down and
then the mother, and before yesterday
morning one child was dead, the other was
almost dead and the remainder of the
family were practically dying.
Sick as she was Mrs. Paratine left her
house and called in a doctor and then im
plored aid from tbe neighbors.
A Mrs. Adams who lives in the vicinity
was the first she appealed to, and when
Mrs. Adams reached the house a pitiful
sight met her eyes.
The children were all sick in one room.
The father was trying his best to help
them, although be himself could hardly
stand, and the two liltle Curpses added a
significant part of the melancholy pic
ture.
Last night the mother was better, in
fact practically out of danger, and the
father, too, was convalescent.
The remaining cnildren, however, are
still in a most precarious condition, and
the doctors are not sure that more may
not join the two silent little corpses on
the table.
Tbe Basaeina's live at 308 Lombard
street. The father is an Italian laborer
and bis family is not in wch-.0-do cir
cumstances.
The parents - are almost crazed with
grief.
TOR A NEW OHARTER.
The Mayor Submits a Bill to Cheapen
the Required Machinery.
Mayor Phelan has sent the following
letter to Senators Mahoney and Stratton
and Assemblyman North:
Senator Stratton, Chairman Senate Committee
on Kttctions, Senate thamber, Sacramtnto, Cat. —
Bear Sir: Inclosed is h uiait ot a bill, the
object of which is to lessen the cost of special
elections for ireeholdent or for tbe adoption of
charters for municipalities. It provides that
at such elections any number less than six
regular preciucts may be consolidated into
one, hnd further that the election boards at
such elections shall consist of two judges and
two clerics only, li also dispenses w iih the ne
cessity ot new registration by providing for the
use of the precinct registers utcd at the last pre
ceding general election, and also that supple
mental registration shall be had before such
election, so as to nitord electors whose names
do not appear on these registers or who may
have changed' tueir residence an opportunity
to vote at such election.
As there Is a strong sentiment in San Fran
cisco (tbe only large city in the State that has
not adopted a freehulaers' charter under the
new constitution) In favor of a new charter,
and it is proposed to hold a freeholders' elec
tion this year, v Is highly important that such
a law as tne one proposed be enacted at the
present session of the Legislature. The bi.l
was drawn by Garret W, AicEnerney, and it
meets with the Approval of the Registrar, W.
M. Hlnton. Mr. Hiuion lniormsme that if it
is enacted the cost of a treeholders' or charter
election wnl be reduced more tnan half.
I trust that the measure will be expedited.
Yours very truly, James I>. luklan.
AT THE CENTURY CLUB.
The Spring Exhibition Drawing an Ad
miring Crowd.
The Century Club opened its spring ex
hibition yesterday, and the rooms were
crowded with enthusiastic art-lovers.
During tha day an interesting pro
gramme of vocal and instrumental selec
tions was rendered. Tho pictures are at
tracting a great deal of attention and much
favorable comment.
The City May Compromise.
BucKingham & Hecht's claim against the
City and Co unty for damages for the flooding
of the basement of their factory by an over
flowing s.'Wer came up before the Judiciary
Committee of the Board of Supervisors yester
day afternoon. The claim it between £9000
and $10,000. The committee submitted a
compromise on tbe basis of $3000, while at
torneys for the firm suggested $5000. Tne
matter went over one week to permit of a con
ference.
Attorney* in Contempt.
Attorneys Murasky and Smith appeared be
fore the Justices of the Supreme Court yester
day afternoon, end applied for a writ of habeas
corpus to test the right of the lower court to
puulsh them lor contempt. The Justice*,
upon the showing made, denied the motion,
and to-day the attorneys will have to appear
before Judge Wallace, when the judgment for
contempt will ue enforced.
'Will -Favor the Laundry Order.
The ordinance proposed by Dr. Hart and
recommended by the Board of Health, to pre
vent the spraying of clothes by the mouth in
Chinese laundries, was considered favqrab'.y
yesterday fey the Hcauh nnd Police Commit
tee oi ihe Board of Supervisors, and will le re
ported lavorably at the uext meeting of the
board.
The Worst Thing In the World
To-morrow afternoon at 3 o'clock Rev. W. A.
Gardner will deliver an address at the Young
Men's Christian Association Hall, Meson and
Kllis streets, to men only. He will speak on
the unique subject, "The Worst Thing in the
World." Seats Will be Ireo to all young men.
Fell Down a Cual Hole.
James P. Gaftney, a law student residing at
433% Clementina street, while waking on the
Hayes-street side of tno v St. Nicholas last
evening, fell Into a coal chute and badly
sprained his left wrist, lie was treated at the
Receiving Hospital.
y^-^-^..-^-^--^^^.^^.,.. NEW TO-DAT-DRY GOODS..
LASTDAT
«^ — : CDS 11 "
SACRIFICE PRICES!
- ' - — — — . » : ■;..-.;:•■:'■-:•
OUR GREAT SACRIFICE SALE CLOSES TO-DAY with a grand
final offering of ALL BROKEN LINES of every description at re-
ductions
TO FORCE THEM OUT WITHOUT FAIL!
LADIES' HANDKERCHIEFS!
X o — 500 dozen LADIES' WHITE HEMSTITCHED HAND - EMBROIDERED
"L> HANDKERCHIEFS (jnst received), slightly imperfect, regular value $1, $1 25
and $1 50 per dozen, will be placed on sale at 5c each.
LACE NECKWEAR!
Zftfi— YOKES OK INSERTION AND RIBBON, trimmed with Butter Lac«, regu-
v \j\j lax price $1 and $1 25, on sale this day at 50c each.
MEN S~FURNISHINGS!
X^p— 9B dozen MEN'S FANCY BORDERED HEMBTITCHED HANDKERCHIEFS,
*J\j extra large size and in new. neat designs of fast color prints, regular price $1 20
per dozen, will be closed out at 5c each.
1 Op" dozen MEN'S. BOYS' AND LADIES' ALL-BILK WINDSOR SCARFS, in
J-l/U solid color surahs, plaid silks, Indias, etc., regular price 250, wiil be closed out
at 10 -• each. ' V: -
1 K/>— 62 dozen ALL-SILK TECK AND. irOUR- IN-HAND SCARFS, satin lined, in
XO\j a variety of handsome colors, usually sold at 25c and 35c, will be closed out at
• 15c each. , : ■
LADIES 7 ~KID GLOVES!
IXn— dozen 8-BUTTQN LENGTH MOUSQUETAIRE UNDRESSED KID
• OKs GLOVES, in dark and. medium tan shades ana slates, extra good value for
$1 25, clearance sale price 75c a pair.
©1 Aft-- 90 dozen 8-BUTTON LENGTH MOUSQUETAIRE UNDRESSED KID
tjpl.W GLOVES, in tan ana mode shades, extra good value for $150, clearance
sale price $1 a pair.
RIBBONS! RIBBONS !
Q^p— s-INCH ALL-SILK TAFFETA SHADED RIBBON, assorted colors, ralue
OOlf 50c, will be closed out at 35c a yard.
NEW SHIRT WAISTS!
XA/»- LADIES' LAUNDERED SHIRT WAISTS, "Stanley" make, detachable col-
'J\J\j Jars, assorted patterns, will be offered at 50c each.
7 - p -LADIES' LAUNDERED SHIRT WAISTS, detachable collars, latest style)
I U\j sleeve, in percale and lawn, will be offered at 75c each.
©1 AA— LADIES' FANCY DIMITYAND LAWN WAISTS, in figured and striped
«jjj J..V/V/ patterns, regular price $1 25, will be offered at $] each.
©-| X LADIES' FIGURED LAWN AND DIMITY WAISTS, "Stanley" make,
<JpA.eJ V very stylish, regular price $175, will b.i offered at f 150 each.
LADIES MUSLIN GOWNS!
X A o — LADIES' MUSLIN GOWNS, lined back, yoke of tucks and insertion, will bo
wVU offered at 50c each.
OSTRICH FEATHER BOAS!
Q9 fift— REAL OSTRICH FEATHER BOAS, extra value for $2 75, will be sold at
tj?i-.vl/ $2 each.
LADIES I ~OUTING SUITS!
CO A\ —27 LADIES' OUTING SUITS, consisting of double-breasted jackers and
tpmm.rt'J skirts, slightly soiled, former price $7 50, will be closed out at $2 45 each.
CM QX— 38 LADIES' OUTING SUITS, consisting of jacket and skirt, slightly
«jp^« OO soiled; tne jackets are'eitner box or tourist sty»e; former price $10, will be
closed out at $195 each. ■
Tn=n AVI 9 4 BLEACHED SHEETING, the pood grade, for large 1 Xr»
IKJ Uf\ I . bed's (plenty of it) 100
, CUE- STORE OPEN SATURDAY EVENING UNTIL TEN O'CLOCK.
I&l B ? MURPHY BUILDING, /
[/{/ Martet Street, Comer 111 Joiei . /
Scm Francisco. . ■ * •
A middle-aged lady residing near Sharpsburg, Ky., relates that
ft was while reading the local paper one day that she first saw an
advertisement of • ''"•-;.:
Ripans Tabules
and "that advertisement" she lays, in speaking of it, "has indeed
brought relief to me. • For two years I "had been a constant sufferer
from dyspepsia and felt that my case was beyond hope; After
trying many remedies without success I had succumbed to the last-
• ing disease. Ripan& Tabules saved me, and only those who have
been prey to painful digestive disorders and have been denied the
luxuries which the table ms" afford can appreciate the value of even
• one Ripans Tabule." WB&'^Xr' : :
Baja California
Dam iana Bitters
18 A POWEItFUJi APHKODIBIAO AND
specific tonic for the sexual and nrinnry orxani
of both sexes, »nd a great remedy for diseases of
the kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative,
luviKoratcr and Nervine. Sells on Its own Merits:
DO long-winded testimonials necessary.
t -NAi.iiH, AI.IS & lilit :nk. Afrenta.
883 Market St.. a. F. — (Send lor Circular)
NOTARY PUBLIC.
pHARLES H. PUILLIPS.' ATTORNEY- AT- '
\J Law and - Notary Public, 638 Market s!., oppo-
site Palace Hotel. Telephone 670. Residence IWJ
>'«U «MV Tel«pbon« -mi " 25»X. , , : , A
C~l Cktekcatev'a !:°(Uib Dlwk* Brand.
Pennyroyal pills
P -— <K*~-v Orl#bi«l wid Only fi^nalne- A
/rfflML •*rt, »lw»/i rcll&bl*. licks uk «EV
AJI-y^SS. DTMstM »«• Ck<cJ>Mt«r< JfnolUA III«A\
j^r^ll Br««<i la Ked ud (lold m»UJii<iV\jH
*bk -«T>BWboie». Mtlad with blue ribbon. Take
/▼T 110 otk«is*«/u«. dangenu* ruttttttf V
I/ *^ (jflieiumtuiUrttatUm*. AiD™, i > i«. «raaad4a
I V J la Mampf for putlo»l*ri, mtlaeaUto v]
, NEW WESTERN . HOTEL,
KKARNY AND WASH! NOTON 8T3.-.r»
modeled and renovated. KINO, WAIID ft ca[
European plan, ltooms 50c to 91 60 per day. I i
to in per week. $8 to $30 per montn: free bath'*-
bot and cold water every room; tin itr>[a< 14
•very tovm; d«r«b«r tuu aum^at,
910
WORLD OF SPORT.
The Tug-of-War Tournament— The Wheel, Cours
ing, Fishing and Trap-Shooting.
The events of importance to-day are the
championship cycling races at the Velo
drome track and the great tug-of-war in
the Mechanics' Pavilion this evening.
To-morrow there will be a 25-mile road
race, held under the auspices of the Cali
fornia Associated Cycl'ng Clubs; an inter
state coursing meeting at Ingleside Park,
rifle shooting at the Shell Mound and San
Rafael range*, trap shooting at Alameda,
handbali tournament at Olympic Clnb
grounds. The yachtsmen are making
ready for the opening of the sailing sea
son. In fact, all lines of sport are in a
healthy state.
THE WHEELMEN.
Santa Rosa Races To-Day and Big
25-Mlle Road Event To-Morrow.
Tiie cycling season may truly be said to
have opened for the year 1897 under most
favorable auspices. Last Sunday practi
cal, y marked its opening, when thousands
of wheelmen took advantage of the beau
tiiul weather for a spin in the park. Mon
day (Washington's birthday) gave them
another opportunity for riding in the fore
noon and lo visit the Velodrome races in
the afternoon, which many ot them did,
judging from the large attendance. To
day and to-morrow it is the same, with
plenty of racing events for those who like
ihum, and the prospects of good weather
and good roads for those who want to
ride.
This afternoon the first cycle champion
ship ever held by the Academic Athletic
League will take place at the Velodrome
at 2 o'clock. The entries and events were
given in The Call yesterday. The great
est interest, hov;ever, is centered on the
big gathering of professionals and ama
teurs at the Santa Rosa meet, the occasion
being tile opening of the State circuit.
This is expected to be one of the best
meets ever heJd in California from the
high class of the riders who will compete,
and it will oe attended by wheelmen from
ttus City, Oakland, San Jose and all the
"towns contiguous to Santa Rosa.
Then to-morrow there is the annual
twenty-flve-milo road race of the Califor
nia Associated Cycling Clubs — one of the
classic cycle road events of the year —
'Which will be held over the San Leandro
triangle, starting from San Leandro
promptly at 10 a. m. ->l ost of the riders
and officials will go over on the 8 a. m.
boat, except those who go to Santa Rosa,
and they will not get back until about
quarter to I). There are 102 entries in this
race, with handicaps varying from noth
ing to ten minutes. There are twenty-live
prises to be contested for, and a pretty
race should result. It must De remem
bered that at Saii Leandro spectators can
see the start, have the riders pass them
twice and be at the finish, as the course is
triangular in shape. It is therefore an
interesting race 10 attend and always
draws a Jargo crowd.
From ail over the country can be read
the criticisms of the cycling pr?ss anent
The recent National Assembly oi the
League of American Wheennen. .Bear
ings, the great Chicago weekly, says edi
torially in the last issue:
The National AssemDly of the League of
American Wheelmen this year did more talk
ing and leas work then ever before in the his
tory of the body. II reiused to ailow Sunday
•lac'ini: when the majority of the delegates de
manded it; It barred proiessionals from mem
"bership because a lew tociety cads tliougut
. thiu iheir lily white purity would be contam
inated by allowing men who made an honest
living by riding bicycles to belong to the same
organization as the blue-bioode i ones whose
l'utc.*] forefathers happened to settle in the.
Jimplre State several <vmuries ago; it would
have notliiag to do with the scheme lor con
trol of racing by :-tate boards. In fnct it re
fused to do anything that in any way would
■ better the League of American VVneelmen and
help to make ii oue of the moat poweriul ath
letic bodies i.i the world, it was a case of
spite. work and broken promises all the way
through, and it is not to be wondered at that
sensible men are disgusted with the actions
and treachery of some of the delegates. We
-could enumerate many other things that the
assembly failed to accomplish, but it would
■ take us a much shorter time to tell wnat it
really did. About the only business trans
acted was the election of Isaac B. Potter us
president, but that was ouly accomplished by
means of treachery, such, as most ward-healers
and plug-uglies would not deign to stoop to.
Nevertheless the wiiter commends the
election of Potter in another article as a
wise move, states he is a capable man and
: predicts that "with such a pilot at the
helm the good ship L. A. ~W. will weat-.er
all storms and sail into the port of Pros
perity the iareest athletic organization in
th,e v.orld." Yes, if it doesn't get wrecked
on the reefs of its own narrow-mindedness
and indiscretion.
Frank W. Fuller, who attended the Na
tional Assembly, L. A. \Y\, is expected
home to-morrow night at 8:45, ami Mr.
"Welch says he would not be surprised if
Judge Kerrigan was with him. The latter
will probably wire to some of his friends
liere in advance if he is on that train.
Mr. Welch showed a telegram yesterday
from H. 0. Fourton, president of the New
.Orleans Cement Track Association, as
showing the spirit of the Louisiana Divi
sion. It read: 'We are prepared to form
a league to promote cycling and Sunday
racing and admit professionals to mem
bership." This is about what will be
• done, but no action will be taken until
after the National circuit ha* been here
.and gone, Is.te in April. Mr. Weich favors
more freedom for the divisions, and the
new league will be ao constructed.
The South California Division and its
Chief Consul, Monaghan, came in for a
large amount of criticism from various
Sources. Mr. Welch, speakin? of Mon
sghan, said: "Instead of assisting us at
..the assembly, as you would have tnoueht
a. man from our own State would have
done, that man Monaehan went there to
put obstacles in the way of what is abso
lutely essential to the good oi the league
in California, furthermore, it he was
honest in his representations the Sunday
racing proposition could not affect him or
his division in the least, as it would have
been left to divisional option and mey
"could easily have decided against it. Yet
it was the fcouth California Division that
rirst started racing on Sunday, and nearly
a score of professionals down there are
now under suspension 'or it, and the rail
road track at Santa Monica is blaeklUted
in consequence of permitting them to
use it."
Mouaghan was literally kicked out of
the WVsiern caucus at Albany, and was
' roundly hissed on the lloor of the assem
bly for his intemperate remarks ia the de
bate on admitting professionals to inem
•bership. Next to refusing all divisional
oution, the greatest nnstpke the assembly
made was in refusing the "pros." admis
sion to membership. And yet it came
within six votes of admitting negroes. The
Southern, Central and Western estates
won't lorjjet these things in a hurry.
And another thing, the North California
Division does not want the South Califor
nia Division to get the idea into its head
that the latter in any way assisted in
the passage of the Dacgape Dill re
cently before tte Legislature. Ta e
work was ali done by this d.vi
.Hion. the • burden being borne by
CharJps Albert Adams. Percy V. Long and
1; T. Dwyer. The North California Divi
sion and the Cycle Board of Trade of San
Fr.mcisco paid all the expenses. Not a
cent came lrom ttie foutb, or assistance In
ar.y shaijo whatever. It will be equally
benefited witli this part of the State by
tiie passage of the m*-.i-ure, but what is
"jarring" Hie league cfhials here is that
the south la trying to tute the credit for
the good work, t>:tying what "we" did for
the wheelmen of Southern California.
Credit belongs where credit is due, and in
this borage- bill matter, the North Cali
fornia Division .ilone is en i itic-d to all of it
Captain J. S. Lewis of the San Francisco
£oad Club has called a rua for to-morrow,
to leave tne clubhouse at 8:30 o'clock and
take the 9 o'clock boat to San Leandro to
witness the California Associated Cycling
Clubs' twenty-hve-mile road race, in
which the club has a number of ili
strongest road riders entered. They have
trained patiectjv and expect to make a
good showing. The club presents a busy
scene every evening as the different riders
"plug out" from five to twenty and
twenty-five miles on the home trainer.
The club is at present in a very Nourish
ing condition and the directors are loot
ing for larger quarters, in which they can
erect a gymnasium. President O. R. Ster
ling is at present absent from the City,
but be is expected to return in time to
witness the race on Sunday.
The Olympic Club Wheelmen, led by
Captain Hadenfeldt, will have a run to
San Leandro to see the road race, taking
the 8:30 boat At the next regular meet
ing, March 9, there will be a lantern-slide
exhibition.
The piogramme for the big meet at San
Jose on Saturday, March 13, will include a
mile open, professional; mile open and
two-thirds of a mile handicap, amateur,
and the Ziegler-McFarlaud matches, best
two in three, mile ht-ats, for a parse of
$500. Michael, tno Welsh champion, will
make his first appearance on the coast at
this, meet, and may be matched at five
miles against W. E.Becker of Minneap
olis, the bolder of the world's record for
that distance. Becker has, come out with
a sweeping challenge to race Michael,
Loughead, Ziegler or any other man in
Dave Shafer's siring for a i.uge purse,
etc., etc. lam inclined to think any one
of these three will show him their rear
wheel in a match race at any distance.
Michael is said to be on his way out here
now, accompanied by !■'. Ed Spooner.
They are coming by the southern route
and are expected next week. Spalding.
THE ANGLER.
Thousands of Salmon Fry Will Bo
Liberated In Coast Streams.
The streams are now in splendid condi
tion for cteelhead fishing, and doubtless
there will be a rush of anglers to-day to
Point Reyes and Shellville. Next week,
it the weather continues fine, a party of
angiers will depart for the Russian River,
which large stream should soon be in good
order to receive its whippers.
It is hoped that tbe Fish Commission
ers will have a deputy patrol the Sonoma
Creek to-morrow, as it i:' reported that
an exhibition of fish-spearing will be held
not far distant from the tovvn of Glen
Ellen. A few weeks ago some large fish
were speared in the vicinity of Dr. O'Don
nell's ranch.
J. £. Locke, who managed in such a
successful manner midnight excursions to
the angling and hunting grounds between
Point Reyes and Duncans Mill?, is con
templating giving an excursion in the
very near future to Point Keyes.
Doubtless if an excursion was run from
this City to Point R •yes, leaving here on
Saturday evening at 8 or 9 o'clock so that
the anglers could enjoy a little sleep be
fore morning, quite a number of the
patron* of tue sport would take advantage
of the trip and the early fishing.
Should Governor Budd sign the game
bill before Saturday next, then a special
sportsman's train to Duncans Mills would
be very well patronized, as hunters would
have Sunday to -hoot quail and duck and
the anglers would certainly enjoy good
snort in the tidewaters of the Paper-mill
and Russian River. An excursion should
not leave this City later, if po-sible, than
8 p. m , as sportsmen and anglers are as
anxious to catch a few hours' bleep ns any
other class of men.
Within the next few days the California
Fish Commissioners will liberate 750.0J0
salmon fry in the streams of central Cali
fornia. These little feilovrs were incubated
in tbe Bear Valley hatchery, in Marin
County. They will bs released in Run
sian River and its tributaries, Paper-mill
Creek and its tributaries, Olema Creek
an-d its tributaries and in the Bear Valley
Creek. Ihe United States Fish Commis
sion was made aware of this fact ana has
sent word to A. B. Alexander to proceed
at on re to the iiatchery and make a study
of the salmon fry, its habits, rale of
growth, fooa, movement and enemies.
During the late heavy rainstorm several
thousand fry were destroyed by an over-
How of water from tbe hills which flooded
the breeding department of the Bear Val
ley Hatchery and washed away the little
fisnes. Fortunately the attendants by
hard and persistent toil saved the lives of
several thousand youngsters. The little
fellows will now be given their freedom,
and it is hoped that the experiment will
prove a success. The eggs were shipped
from the Siason hatchery to the Bear Val
ley hatchery som month i ago. Expens
in fish culture are ot the opinion that the
salmon fry will immediately seek the"
ocean where they will wax fat and strong.
Anglers will be interested in Assembly
bill 451, approved by the Governor yester
day, and now in full force and effect. It
prohibits the taking, etc., of salmon
trout, brook trout or lake trout, or any
othiT variety of trout, except steelhead
trout (Salmo Gairdneri) between Decem
ber land April 1 of the following year,
evejy person who buys, sells and catches
any steelhead trout between the Ist of
February and the Ist of May each year;
and every person who at any time takes
or catches any trout, except with hook
and line, is guilty of a misdemeanor.
Steelhead trout may be taken in tide
water, between tbe Ist of May and the Ist
ot February of the following year with
lawful nets of not less than seven and
a half inch meshes tree to float with tbe
tide or current.
Nothing in the section shall prohibit
the possession at tiny time of hteelnead
trout when taken In tidewater with hook
and line. Fresh salmon is protected be
tween September 10 and October 15
Salmon above tidewater is protected be
tween October 15 and November 15, or
between sunrise of Saturday and sunset of
the following Sunday. Limits of tide
water in Sacramento River shall extend
from its mouth to Sacramento City ; in the
San Joaquiti to the Southern Pacific
bridee, near Lathrop; in Eel River to
East Ferry, aoove Fortuna; in the
Klamath to north of the residence of
James McGarvey; m Smith River to
Higgins Perry.
GUN AND GAME.
Changes That Have Been Made In
the Came Laws— Trap Shooting,
It was reported yesterday that Governor
Budd had placed his signature to the
game bill, but when the matter was in
vestigated it was learned that the bill was
referred haok to the Assembly, as some
changes will have to be made before the
Governor will sign it
If he should sign it during the next
week sportsmen can lawfully shoot wild
ducks and avail until Sunday, the 23tb
inst., when the season will come to a
c.'ose. According to the changes that
have been made in the old law sportsmen
can shoot game birds fifteen day* earlier
than formerly and t lie jeason is' extended
r.fteen days. In other words the season
will open on October 1 and end on March
1. This year sportsmen cannot, accord
ing to the new law, shoot grouse and
mountain quail until the Ist day of Sep
tember and the season will end Febru
ary 15.
The dove season will open July 15 in
stead ot Ju.y las JormerPy. The robin is
-, rotecieu at al seasons of th- year. The
possession of game birds and animals dur
ing the close season is an offense or viola
tion of the game law and t! c person found
guilty will be fined in a sum not less than
$20 nor more than $500.
The EncinalGun Club will hold a grand
open-to-all tournament at Birds Point,
THE SAN~ FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 97, 1897.
Alame'ia, to-morrow, commencing at 11
o'clock. All matcties will be shot under
the American Shooting Association rules.
There are hve events on the programme,
consisting of 10, 15, 10, 20 and 15 bird races.
Narrow-gauge trains to and from Ala
meda stop at Pacific avenue every thirty
minutes.
The Lincoln Gun Club will meet to-mor
row at tbe Pacific Tournament Association
grounds, Alameda junction, and contests
Ht bluerocks will be many. There are
eight events on tbe trap-shooters' clay
bird programme, and the prizes are valu
able. The Mangua trap will be used. A
practice shoot will be held this afternoon,
and all lovers of sport are invited.
Sportsmen who fancy an outing in the
country can have good shooting in To
males Bay, as sea brant are plentiful, and
us a table'bird (he brant excels any of the
wild duck variety.
TUG-OF-WAR TO-NIGHT.
Opening of the B\g Event at the
Mechanics' Pavilion.
Everything is in readiness for the big
international tug-of-war, and the doors of
the Mechanics' Pavilion will be thrown
open to-night, affording an expectant pub
lic the opportunity of witnessing the ex
citing sport. The ten teams entered are
all in splendid trim for the herculean
struggles before them, having undergone
a severe and thorough course of training
ana line up like Trojans ready for the
fray. The men are all determined to do
their utmost toward success in striving
for the liberal cash prizes and the honor
of their respective countries. The nations
represented by the teams are: America,
Canada, Ireland. Scotland. Germany, Den
mark, France, Norway, Italy and Sweden.
A more powerful array of exponents of
muscle and brawn have never heretofore
been represented on the cleats in such a
struggle. The teams to be pitted against
each«lher to-night will be announced at
the Pavilion, thus preventing collusion
and insuring fair play in the pools. Pools
will be sold every night on thi different
contests and some lively betting is ex
pected, for the feeling of international
rivalry is growing in intensity, which will
surely culminate in substantial wagers.
The individual pulls are expected to
furnish some lively sport each evening,
for the men are eager to enter, as the ten
men with the highest single record
throughout the tournament will consti
tute the taam of champions which will be
a feature of the "Giant Products Exposi
tion," when it take^ the road next sum
mer visiting the principal Eastern cities,
and those of Europe, as already outlined
in these columns.
The tournament will be enlivened
throughout with many agreeable diver
sions. There will be voting contests as to
team popularity, guessing contests on the
time consumed in all tne pulls by the
winning team, and other sorts of pleasant
pastime will intervene while the respec
tive teams are preparing for the fray,
The neighborhood of the Pavilion will
present an exciting scene to-night, as in
addition to brilliant fireworks, the boom
ing of cannon will announce the opening
ni^ht of the big battle for muscular
honors. A first-class band of forty pieces
will be in attendance, and lovers of good
music can look pleasantly forward to a
rare treat. By special request the Cuban
grand march wul bo i-layed before the
contests will commence.
COURSING.
Fine Weather and Good Sport Is
Expected for To-Morrow.
As will be seen by the following draw
for the coursing which will be held to
morrow at Ing eside Park lovers of the
leash can depend upon enjoying a splen
did day's sport. Coursing is making rapid
strides in this City. Th« draw is:
Puppies— J. Qnane's Young Clifton vs.
J. J. McDonaM's Lightning, Hnywards
kennel's Del Moii'e vs. J. J. McDonald's
Cinderella, Heaiv tfc Kazan's Connema ra
va. Cupertino k -nnel's F.eetwood, T.
Ford's Miss Murphy vs. T. McCue's
Springfield, T. Mahoney's Nellie Gray vs.
Grace & Deane's Uazel Glenn, La r key &
Rock's R-stless vs. T. McCue's Moun
taineer, P. McCabe's White Ciifton vs.
Cupertino kennel's Glenwood.
Sap'ingr— Port Costa kennel's Kerry
Slide vs. Miramonte kennel's Tiioughl
le«s Beauty, J. H. O'Brien's Angeline vs.
E. Duiilea's Swan, J. McLaughlin's Mar
cello v?. J. H. Pongo's North Polo, J. H.
Perigo's Chile Pepper vs. M. Kerrigan's
Temerity.
Old dogs— Portal <t Hftßjrerty's Magnet
vs. J. Mazzini's . Will-o'-Wisp, Grace &
Define s Said Pasha vs. Dillon &. Roily 's
Hercules, Miramonte kennel's Sam vs. T.
Nee man's Fair View, George Parkinson's
Fireman vs. Cronin & McDonald's Lissak.
Sacramento Sportinsr News.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 2C— Tbo trap
shooting season has opened with a rusii In
this locality, and the lovers of the gun are en
joying themselves to the top «)l their bent in
this line. Lust Sunday the Pejican Gun Cub
opened the season wtth a iive-btrd shoot, with
a full attendance of membership. There was
tne sane good-natured rivalry between the
kindergarten members of the cluD and the old
vets, and the kids were again successful. The
score was as follows: E. A. Nicolaus 17, F. C.
Ycerk 15, J. Gerber 15, W. K. Oarbcr 15, Par
con Upson 14, F. Uotebed 13, R. R. Flint 13, F.
B. A. 13, H. Gerber 12, J. M. Morrison li!, Ruh
■>taller Br. 10.
The Capital City Blueroct Clnb also had its
opening shoot of the season, and Home of the
members fully demonstrated that they had
not lost their shooting eye during their long
vacation among the quail and ducks In the
opening match at 23 blue-rocks that reliable
young shot, Jack Fitzgerald, who bids fair to
make a mark in the shooting world, smashed
24, missing his third bird, a hard aide-flyer;
F. M. Newbert broke 2,'J, nnd E. A. Nicolaus
and Parson Upson got 2O birds each. The sec
ond match at 15 blucrocks was won by Thomas,
wno broke 14. E. D. Atiatns second with 13, J.
Feudner third with 11. The third match at
10 hill-rocks ivns again won by Fitzgera.d,
who smashed 9, Kid Kuhstailer, Parson Upson
and Feudner getting 7 each.
At the bliierock tournament held on Mon
day fully 2500 clays were shot at, and Kid
Ruhstailcr, who had come on the ground
with his shooting eye witli him, had a divide
in nearly every mulch he shot in, besides
carrying off the first prue in the principal
event. Captain Yoerk, who had been making
groat promises. ••fell down" 'and fell down
hard." Tne first match at ten birds was won
by Nicolaus with a score of 9, Rubstaller and
I Helms breaking 8, Stevens 7.
Second match, nt 20 birds— Ruhstaller and
Helms divided first, breaking 17, Feudner
second with 14. and Kicolaus and Stevens di
viding third with 13.
Third event, 15 birds— Stevens 13, Newbert
12 and Kuhstailer 11.
Fourth ev«>nt, "merchandiie"— The score was
as ioilows: Ruhstaller 17, Newbert 16,
Nicolaus 15, Helms 15, Stevens 14, M. Upsdn
13, Feudner 12. Unson 12, Sullivan ll.Trump
ler 10. Yoork 10, Willis 8. Adams 7.
Next week th^ Capitol City Bluerock Club
will hold a meeting for the ejection of officers
for the ensuinir year, and will then decide on
the number and dates of the season's cnb
snoots. Duritip the coming month the Peli
can Gun rin!) will hold a live bird sboot.
The Spoonbill Club is arranging for a new
Rhontlm: grounds, and as soou as they are
completed it will open the season with a club
shoot.
At the Hclvstia Rifle Club's shoot the eleven
prizes were awarded us follows: First prize,
I won by President J. Mi'vcr with a dead center;
second, won by liuioff; tliird. by Mei.Mer;
fourth, by Schmidt; llt.h, by Dethen; sixth,
by Quest; seventh, by Miller; eighth, by Grle
sel; ninth, by Haynke; tenth, by Eckhardt;
eleventh, by Zcberg; iwelfth. by Kaufman;
thirteenth, by Arkei ruin. Next Sunday the
club will have a practice shoot, for members
only.
The Capitol City Wheelmen have appointed
a committee wliose duty it will bo to see that
the wheelways made last summer are put in
{ first-class, condition, bridges repaired, etc.,
aud will make arranpemetits for the building
oi it least two mure roAds, running in;o the
adjoining country. C. P. Wilson, L. Payne,
ljCa Young. Charles Bauer, diaries Davis and
George Jac-kson, of the Capitol Citys, have en
tered and will take part in the twenty-fiv*
mile ra#e to be run in San Francis.?o. It has
been definitely settled ttiat this c.ty is to be
included in the circuit of road races, and a
meet will probably be hnd in thiß city on the
13th of March. Some of the club members
I are in training for that event, at which it is
expected taat all the Eastern cracks will take
part, making it a great drawing event. It is
claimed thai the establishment of au athletic
park in tbii city is a loregone i< n< lu.sion, and
that it will be the best on the coast.
A chicken main is o>i the tapis to take place
within two weeks. The tiffttir is strictly umcr
the rose, and will consist of five battles be
tween noted birds. Kuthekkoed,
THE POOLROOMS
MUST BE CLOSED
Judge Wallace Sounded
Their Death Knell
Yesterday.
John Glynn Was Promptly Re
manded to the Custody of
Sheriff Whelan.
Judgj Campbell's Decision Was Upheld
and the Ordinance Was Cordially
Commended.
Judge Wallace yesterday delivered an
opinion sustaining the conviction of Pool*
seller John Glynn by Police Judge •Camp
bell. This is a hard blow at tbe down
town poolrooms, and if the law be enforced
by the police, all such resoits wiil be
closed in short order.
Judge Wallace declared that Judge
Campbell aid exactly right in convicting
Glynn, and said that the penalty of $100
fine was not excessive, so the defendant
will have to pay or go to jail, and in the
meantime if he persist in pursuing his
business of poolselling he will lay himself
liable to further punishment.
The ordinance under which Glynn was
prosecuted was passed by the Supervisors
of this City about two months ago, and it
was decided to make Glynn's case a test
case, as about a oozen other trials in the
Police Court are still pending, for the pur
pose of securing Judg? Wallace's ruling in
regard to tbe constitutionality of the
enactment.
Judge Wallace said that the ordinance
was not oniy constitutional and valid, but
that its merits from the standpoint of
public policy are such that it commends
itself to tbo approval of the courts and the
community.
The ordinance was drawn to circumvent
all the iake pretensions of the downtown
poolselle.-s that they were collecting com
missions for placing bets on the races at
Ingleside, wben, in tact, no such trans
actions were possible, but even if the
placing of such bets had not been pre
vented by the managers of the racetrack,
yet the ordinance was sufficient to sup
press tliese clandestine deadfalls that have
been the ruin of so many young men and
bo vs.
Attorney Dunne argued on behalf of the
defendant that the new ordinance was
oppressive and unjust, as 'he thought it
deprived his clients of the privilege of
conducting a lucrative bu-iness which the
constitution of the State allowed them to
carry on.
Judge Wallace tbousht there was no
merit in this contention. He held that
the power of the community to enact and
enforce proper poiics regulations cannot
be legally disputed, and said that, in this
case there was no ground for disturbing
the judgment of the court below. The
prisoner was therefore remanded to the
ctmody of the Sheriff.
fha courtroom was full of pool-sellers
and their cappers when Judge Wallace
started to pive his opinion, but they
quickly perceivid the drift of his re
marks, and, foreseeing the conclusion that
lie was about to announce, they began to
leave, so that by the time ihe remarks of
the court were finished the only friends of
Glynn left to siand by him were his law
yers and Bailiff Curtis, who stood ready to
give him safe conduct to jail.
SANTA EO3A OYuL£ KAOES.
Kntries and llmU* for thn Big Sleet to
Be Held To-Day.
The greatest field of professional starters
ever seen on a California cycle racing
track will line up at Santa Rosa to
day at the big meet which will be pro
moted there by the Santa Rosa Wheel
men. There will be champions without
number — Loughead, champion of Canada,
and who ranks fifth with the American
professional*; Ziegler ol California, who
ranks sixth; Stevens of lowa, Morris and
Bovee o: Texus, Whrrnan of Los Angeles,
Coulter of Ohio, Becker of Minneapolis,
the five-mile world's record-holder; Dow
oi Seat tie, Davis and McFarland ot San
Jose, Chapman of Napa, Jones, Wells and
the Terrills and Byrne to represent San
Francisco, and even "Poke hasy" Free
man of Haywards. Such a gathering of
professional cracks should iurnish racing
the like of which we have never seen here,
and Santa Rosa is to be congratulated in
securing the opening date on the b;g State
circuit.
The amateur races, too, will be com
peted in only hy the best riders in that
class on the coast. There will be two
amateur events and four professional.
Ihe entries and heats are as follows:
One-third mile, scratch, professional— Fred
Loughetid, Canada; c 8. Weiis, ban 1-rancisco;
Max Morris, Fort Worth, Tex.; D. E. Whitman,
Lo* Angeles; Ed Chapman, Kapa; F. M.
Byrne, San Francisco.
Second heat— Otto Ziegler, San Jose; Or
lando s.evens, Oitumwa, lowa: W. E. Becker,
Minneapolis; 11. *. Terrill, San Francisco; C.
K. Coulter, Mansfield, Ohio; 11. B. Freeman,
San Francisco.
Tnird heat— Floyd McFarland, San Jose;
Allan Jonen, San Francisco; W. A. Terrill, San
Francisco; George Bovec, El I'aso, TeX.; C. L.
Davis, San Jose; C. E. Dmv, Seattle.
One mile, ojien, protessionat— First heat:
Otto Ziegicr Jr., San Jose; (". S. Wells. San
Francisco; Max Morris, Tttxss; C. L. Davis,
San Jose; F. M. Byrne, San Francisco; Ea
Chapman. Napa.
Second heat— Fred Loughead, Canada; Ailnn
Jotles, Han Francisco; George Bovee, Texas;
W. E. Becker, Minneapolis; C. R. Coulter,
Mansfield, Ohio; W. A. Tcrnil, San Francisco.
Thirl ueat— Floyd MiFarland. San Jose;
Harry Terrill, San Francisco; Orlando Stevens,
lowa; D. E. Whitman, Los Angeles; C. E, Dow,
Seafii/; H. B. Freeman, San Francisco.
Five-mile, open, professional — First heat:
Fred Loughead, Canada; C. S. Wells, San Fran
cisco: Max Morris, Texas; H. B. Freeman, San
Francisco; H. F. Tcrrlll. San Francisco; Ed
Chapman, Naua.
Saiond heat— Floyd McFarland, San Jose;
Orlaiido Stevens, Iowa; W. E. Becker, Minne
hpoiis; C. R. Coulter, Mangfleld. Ohio; W. A.
Terrill, San Francisco; D. E. Whitman, Los
Angeles.
Tinrd heat— Otto Ziegler Jr., San Jose; Allan
Jones. Sau Francisco; F. M. Bvrne, San Fran
cisco; George Boyee. Texas; G. E. Dow, Seattle;
C. L. Davis, San Jose.
One mile, open (amateur)— First heat: J. E.
Winp, San Jose; Ben N'oQuan. Santa Rosa;
Bert Elford, Oakiand; C. D. Gooch, Oakland ;
U. W. Squires, Oakland.
Secona heat— Percy Mott, On k land; Henry
N >onnn, .Santa Kosa; Percy Deucon, Oakland ;
W. C. Bacou, bun KraucUco; G. A. Crafts, Oak
land; Georee Wyman, Oakland.
Five* miles, open (amateur)— First heat: P.
R. Mott, Oakland; H. W. Squires, Oakland; J.
C. W.nic, !-an Jose; B. Noonan, Santa Rosa;
Bert Elford, Oaklmnl.
Second heat— W. c. Bncon, San Francisco; 11.
Noonan, Santa R..r* : p. A. Deacon, Oaklmid ;
George Wyman, Oaklund; (i. A. Crafts, Oak
laud.
Officials— Kererce, L. W. Burrts, Santa Rosa;
starter, R. C. Lennie. B. C. \\\; announcer.
Wilbur F. Knapp, B. C. W\; judges: A. P.
Swain, Acme; L. c Byce, F«ulami; timers:
H. D. Hademeldt, O. C. W\: Fred Wukersham,
Petalumi; Henry Klrsch, Santa Ro«a; R. E.
Revalk. Acme; scorers: J. W. Raronge, Santa
Rosa; Walter Groshong, Santa Ro*h; a.«sisiant
■ tarter, c. s. Myrick, Reliance Cub; cierk of
course. Walter H. L Geldett, O. C. W.; as
sistants: L'oyd Conkliug, O. C. ; Oscar
Mathews, Santa Rosa.
A great many wheelmen from this City
and Oakland will attend this meet as it
promises to furnish a rare day's sport.
The round-trip fare is |2 25 and the boat
leaves Tiburon slip at 7:30 o'clock this
morning.
There is no train returning from Banta
Ros:i to-day later than 3:55, but mo.-ioi the
visitors will spend the night in Santa Rosa
Hon. George 6. Swift Among the Endorsers
of Paine's Celery Compound.
Hon. George B. Swift, Chicago's reform Men like the?e, who have won the con- ! work and are "rundown" and sleepless and
Mayor, is one of the thousands who in- fidence of ttieir fellow-citizens in the incapacitated from doing their best work
dorse the one great remedy that makes weightiest affairs, and are jealous of their because of dyspepsia, rheumatism and
people well, where all other remedies rep , ut h at !°"u S tor . s< ±?? d Judgment, having neuralgia, invariably find a permanent re-
L X ., f.. \ lry „,. „„. . , . , watched the splendid results from Paine's lief in Paine's celery compound-
either fail altogether or at best simply celery compound in their own families, Dyspepsia, persistent headaches and dis-
give temporary relief, and knowing exactly the invigorating ef- ordered liver need promt t attention. In
Judge Cowers, Congressman Meredith lect that any sick person may expect rom every case there is a positive and perma-
of Virginia, Congressman Grout, Assist- this great nerve- regulator and blood-puri- pent cure in Paine's celery compound. It
ant United States Attorney Joiin C. Ca- tier, are among the first to unhesitatingly is the most earnest, conscientious remedy
pprs, Chief Postotlice Inspector il. D. and thankfully recommend the remedy persons out of health can employ. Its
Wheeler. Congressmen Bell and Neil, to others for the public good they iife-giving effect upon "run-down"' nerves
Lieut. McAllister, and many others who may do. and debilitated blood is nothing short of
are lully as careful what they recommend, I Says Mayor Swift: '-The use of Paine's matvjlous.
have publicly vouched for the marvelous I celery compound in my family has con- Prof. Edward E. Phelps, M.D., LL.D.,
power of Paine's celery compound to make vinced me that it is a meritorious articie." brought to the study of nervous disorders
peor>le well. Paine's celery compound restores the and diseases of debility extraordinary
These, and the thousands of other hearty nervous energy and regulates the system, profea-ional. enthusiasm. He and his able
testimonials that have recently been sent It makes the blood pure and capable of co-laborers concentrated upon the ais-
to the proprietors of Paine's celery com- carrying an abundance of brain and nerve covery ot an accurate remedy for these
pound, are simply an index of what this elements to the weakened pans, and is diseases all their energy. Paine's celery
most wonderful .remedy is doing in every thus able to permanently rid the body of compound is used by the best physicians
State of the Union, and In every city and sleeplessness, nervousness, neuralgia and in their own homes and prescribed to
village. dy-pepsia. sufferers from all nervous diseases. It is
It ia matins pponle well! Men and women who almost live at their within the reach of every one.
anyway, as the club there is making spe
cial arrangements for their entertainment.
A train leaving Santa Rosa at 6:10 Sunday
morning lands here at 8:40, in ample time
to ti\ke the 9 o'clock boat for Oatlaad to
see the great Associated Clubs 25-nule road
race at San Leandro, which will 9tart
promptly at 10 a. m. on the 28th inst.
THE BURNS MONUMENT.
The Committee of the Caledonian Club
Have Another Enthusiastic
Meeting.
An enthusiastic meeting of the Burns
monument committee of the Caledonian
Club was held Thursday night in Scottish
Hail, President Colin M. Boyd in the chair.
John F. Kennedy, on behalf of the joint
committen appointed at the previous
meeting, reported that the committee
had met and selected names to complete
the full number of forty of the monument
committee. He boped to bo able to sub
mit a full report at the next meeting.
The president stated that he bad re
ceived much encouragement, both by
letter and verbally, and be felt sure that
when the full committee was formed and
they bad got into thorough working order
toe subscriptions would roll in. He asked
that members of the committee send in
names of gentlemen in the different cities,
towns and counties throughout the State
known to them wno would assist in form
ing the auxiliary committees.
A general discussion followed on mat
ters helpful to the furtherance of the pro
ject and the meeting adjourned.
OLYMPIC OLUB BOXING.
It TOII Give a Fistic Kntertalnment in
the Latter Part of April.
The Olympic Club directors, at a meet
ing held Thursday evening, decided not
to correspond with any of trie pugilists
who p.re not desirous of lighting for a
reasonable purse. The club will give a
fistic entertainment in April, but it nas
no idea who will be engaged, as good
talent is scarce and the nehters are de
manding large nurses. If Green should
defeat Mysterious Billy Smith the club
will off«r Tommy Ryan a good purss to
meet him in a twenty-round contest.
Told in Town Talk.
All that is worth tolling of the week's hap
penings in this part of the world is found in
its usual bright crystallized form in this
week's Town Talk, a journal wnich possesses
the happy faculty of condensation, and the
ability io "separate the wheat from the chaff.
Town Talk's wit is clean, its criticisms in
variably fair, its stories as spicy ns clever
writers can make them, its editorials worthy
of carefni perusal by reason of their logic anil
the solid information conveyed. Reaa Town
Talk, a model of weekly journalism.
Handball.
The handball games which will take
place at P. Ryan's San Francisco ball
court to- morrow, are:
E. Curler and J. Collins to play W. Stans
buryartd M. Edwards: M. -McNeil ami T. Mc-
Donald, to play P. Ryan aud J. Rodzers; E.
Toy tnd R. Murphy, to piay J. Lawless and D.
Connolly; J. Fceney and G. Ho'.chm-oi!, to
piay Al Pennoyer aud E. Maloney : J. C. Nealon
»n9 R. Linehan, to play M. J. Kllgallon aud
T. F. Bonne U
wfit'S \S Hi Si FH 818 iai mm mv /«ex
|_ Jl MANLINESS
ipS#i •&£&&57 {rasrfi"E"ftnr i si
I^o RESTORED.
<f§^Ji§^P»^— Excesses of early youth, careless and inter-
n TBSmg'sy. peratelivingand inherited tendencies all com-
.w^KWOTfISW ■ flw»«3££ nine to make thousands of men in the middle
i'^^y^^^.^^/yAf^^^^ . ace ' w^° should b.- in the prime of life and in
t\»jtf?'}ok7,&'.£32zj&*mg^^^ the enjoyment of their greatest manly vigor.
3<&\lMWffiEfc& r '^ JK^li^i'^ . old - enfeebled and pitiable spectacles of wasted
>W^W^ manhood. The world has no use for the puny,
'^rJMiS^^^^asJ*!^^^^^^^ debilitated-man. Only the manly man in the
full vigor of his magnetic manhood makes
DOCTOR SWEANY. everybody happy around him. Spark.
_.. .. T . ' eyes, a quick-beating heart and the rosy blush
Whose Reputation Is Established by of pleasure greet him wherever he goes. His
Tou Years of Unparalleled Success touch thrills because it is full of energy and
at 737 Market Street, San Francisco nerve force.
• •-..„;./ To all these who are worn out.who would have
the vigorous spark of youth restored, and would have life given back to them again with all
Its pleasures and possibilities in the fullest degree; to all those who tind themselves lacking
the manly qualities of courage, endurance, perseverance and magnetic power there is hope —
hope for even the roo-t severe cases— by consulting DR. SWEANY. who has been all his profes-
sional life relieving afflicted mankind to such a successful extent that 'he cures, when all
others fail." • • ■ • ..*
VnilNP M£N ? f rou have indulged in early indiscretions and as a consequence have
| ■ UUIIU 111 Ha losses, exhausting drains, pimples, bashfulness, aversion to society, a
tired, supiil, eloomy feeling and failing of momoty, lack of vigor, absolutely unfitting you
for study, business or marriage, do not neglect yourself until too late. Do not allow false
pride and sham modesty to deter you in seeking immediate relief. Get cured and be a man.
VARIPnP£I I? Hydrocaje, Piles. Fistula, Weak Organs, Swellings and tenderness ot
¥ -111 | JUUi.uLi the organs and glands treated with unfailing success. -,;•:.■
RUPTURE K eyr method, sure cure, painless treatment, no detention from work, no
llUr I Uilk* experiment s, no truss. A positive, certain and permanent cure.
QPCPI A] Diseases, Tenderness, Swelling, Contagious Blood Poison, Stricture, etc, quickly
OrtUIHL cured without pain or detention from business. - a^-
I I AHII CT O :' %vi!l ' receive special and careful treatment for all their many ail-
bHUllaO ments. • <
XAI S3 IT.J? if away from the city, as DOCTOR SWEANY has a system of home treat- •
• » *X I I & ment that is entirely his own. Thousands are cured at home- Book
"Guide to Health,' a tr.-ati-o on all the organs and their diseases, free on application Strictest
confidence observed. Call or address .. • " •
F". :£■. SWEANY, 3Vfl[.l>.
737 3Vt^k.I=«.I3S:SST STREET, '
(OPPOSITE EXAMINER OFFICE), SAN' FRANCISCO, CAL
Ofi, MARTIN'S GREAT PAIN CURER
OF THE RGE
iS A CERTAIN CURE FOR
Rheumatism, Neuralgia, Pains in General, Dyspepsia, Dysen.
tery, Cholera Morbue, Diphtheria, Sore Throat, Pneumonia,
Nervous Complaints, Liver and Kidney Complaints,. Sciatica,
Lumbago, Colds, Coughs, Local and General Debility, Head-
ache, Earache, Toothache, Sickness in Stomach, Backache
Burns, Swellings, Boils, Sores, Ulcers, Colic, Cramps, Sprains,
Bruises, Scalds, Wounds, Indigestion, Skin Diseases, Excessive
Itchingsand many other complaints too numerous to name here.
PRICE, 25c, 50c, $1.00 PER BOTTLE.
; L. OALLISCH, Wholesale Agent for the Pacific Coast, San Jose Cal
For lajgby all druggists. The supplied by Reding'ton &Co Mack A -n« .«<!
> Langley & MicWs, San FranciW? ' * °° # MMANY SURPRISES
AT INGLESIDE
One of the Roughest Days
the Talent Has Ex- "
perienced.
•Nebula at 30 to 1 Defeats Good
Times,- Howard S and
O:hers.
Anabasis L:d Out the Hot Tip Char
lemasne—Mobalaska F.rst in
0 .' ". . ."a Furious Drive.
i
What a sorry day it was for favorites
.• iud their followers at Ingleside yesterday.
• Outsiders that were not conceded a chance
. for first place came floating past the
stand, setting at defiance all laws of the
"depisfs" and handicappers. It would
have taken several pipefuJs to convince
Oneof the regulars before the sport opened
that .Nebula would defeat Good Times and
Haward S,' yet it came to pa-is. The
Brutus fiily took the two colts mentioned
into cab)p at odda of 25 and 30 to 1. Ana
• basis-, another entry of Boots & Son, was
successful at 25 to L Of the seven favor
. 'yes two only had their numbers hoisted on
r> irobably the win of Nebula was the
"most unexpected of the day. She was
one of six starters in the mile dash for
three-year-olds, for which Good Times.
naden.by Cash Sloan, was an even-money
chance. . The latter was pocketed at the
6rtt turn, -cut off eighty yards from the
wire and failed to pet a mark. Nebula,
■ridden "by Piggott, cut out the pace from
theoutset and lasted long enough to beat
the.. -wretchedly ridden Howard S by a
bead in 1:43] 4 . The favorite, after being
shut off. Jailed to chow, finishing fourth,
behind t>oniro.
. The mile race in which Altamax started
some days ago seemed to have done him
a world ot good, for he came out iD the
opening six-furlong scramble for maiden
tiiree-year-olds against an ordinary
lot- of platers and won hands down
from Queen Nubia, an outsider. Tulare,
a 4 to 1 chance ridden by Tod Sloan, was
a lair tbird. AMicus was poorly handled.
The race following was a split of the
;ir?t, with ten facing the barrier. Philip
11, Nuncomar and Peaceman, trained by
Ki.ly ' Murry, coupled in the betting,
opened, favorite at 3 to 2, but there ap
. Pear-ed .io be "nothin' doin' " and 4to 1
was chalked againat the trio at post time.
A big plunge was made on Yuraa, send
ing him to the post a2to 1 choice. An
other heavy play was made on Barney
Schreiber's Charlemagne, cutting his price
. from sto 3. When the barrier was raised
■ Thorpe, on the 25 to 1 outsider Anabasis,
■ -rushed that horse out in the lead and,
although hard ridden, Charlemagne was
beaten out a length by the outsider in
1:17. Philip H wa« a good third.
The fourth event, over seven furlongs,
saw George Palmer go to the post a 3 to 5
choice and finish third. lia-quil at 6to 1
jumped away in the lead and was never
caught, passing the judges two lengths be
fore Instigator.
• The mile and a sixteenth race proved a
. .good thing for Joe Terry, the 13 to 5 sec
ond cnoico. AdoipJi Spreckels, tne 6to 5
' choice, appeared sore and unable to ez
l himself. Terry made all the running,
•on eased up from Little Cripple, a
•10ro 1 ehot. Brametta was third.
T'ne' tmish 10 the seven-furlong run was
the most exciting of the afternoon. Moba
THE "CALL" RACING GUIDE.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB. Ingleside Racetrack. Friday. February 26. Fifty-sixth
*day of the W lnter Meeting. 1896-97. Weather fine. Track fast.
610.
I f\ . WlHttt KACJs.— Three-quarters of a mile;
>; purse 4>050.
*J X V-
rrdex.
Horxf. weleht.
su
V*
«£■
$?
Ih^
9
3 h
1 7 1
..
Ktr.
Jockey.
Bfrionc.
■ Op. O .
• . -----
591 Altamax 109
237 Queen Nubia 104
• . ! i:-6llulare ....111
575 Atticas 106
■■•_ 674 Moreno 104
500' Fort Augustus.. ..lo9
.s=o May Boy 11l
:'. *467- Popinjay 114
V -•-• . 531 Major Kludd 109
2
1
3
I::::::::
9 .:
4
7
b
6
: 8 '
32
1 3
2 1
64
11*
I*
9
3 3 ; IS
13 2 6
2 V* 34
5 Vi 4 2
« 2 62
71 ! 61
4^ '71
Si/i 81
9 to
iTtiorpe 3-2
H. Martin 10
T. Sloan 7-U
Sni,|.-r 1J
Barriiißer 5
T.MiUivan ! 15
IC. Mom i 10
|T. McHugb I 50
(J. sliields. i 15
8-5
7
4
10
7
25
10
150
12
OOOJ s. art. Won easily. Winuer. Enms <t Waterhouse's b. c, by imp. ilaxlm-Altitude. Time,
>:15! 2 . '
1
"I .1 - SECOND
of a mile; maiden three-year-olds; puna (350.
•
■ ••'
..• ■ .Index. ' Horse, weight. St. 1/4
.* • •481 Anabasis 109 4
'. •.." Cn«rlemaEne 106 3
■!•:». 656 Philip H :....11l 1
° ■ 600 M. Clicquot 109 6
; •■" "* 50 6 Tryst 109 5
..' ?• 53"1 May R ll>9 9
- •; Yama 109* 7i
•' . *.* 590 Nuncosiar 106 1
. 170 Xl lAdrone 114 8
o '."..". • Feaceman 10i> 10 :
11 i X I
ah j V 2
61 61
6 1 4 Va
4% 31
Si* 7 6^
3 h 10
91 8%
10 9 b
1 h
2 2
5 1
43
X '1
71
61
8V»
9 2
10 '
1 1% Thorpe
2 3 Handler
» 1 H. Martin I
4h ;PijjKOU I
5 1 .. Bur incline
6 1 , Spencer .
71 ' Dog;
810 Fraw1ey. ........
9 3 !ri*\vson
10: • Kiley
Kin. i
10
6
7- a
8
21)
4
3
.:•'■■'
30
- •
20
7-2
4
6
40
6
«
75
*
* • Good start- Won handily. Winner, W. Boots & Son's b. c
• Time. 1:*17. *Coup cd with I'hiiip 11.
start. Won handily. Winner, W. Boots <t son a b. c, by imp. . Cyrut-lAdy Kvanceline.
17. *Coup cd with 1 hliip 11.
• 1 /
*_* • * -
- ..t-^^—. _
"-*".•■• A 1 9" "-THIKD KAtE-One mile; three-year-olds; purse $350.
■ •' Bett
•:-Inde"x. Horse, weleht. | St. j 14 Vi % Sir. Fin- I Jockeys. On.
'"* 594 Nebuta...'. 102| ■I' 13 14 1.1 12 It Plßgott. \{>
.402 Howards 105: 6 1 5^ 41 31 ' 3V. 21A H. Martin. 6-5
" • 690-fonlro 102 -' ■3% 6 6 4 32 T.Sloan 2J
. •: -(K92T Good Time* 115 4 6 3% 2h 2Va 42 C. Hloan 1
. - 6fs;> I Colonel Wheeler. los l 3 2h 2b 4Vi "1 56; j 1 borpe 20
.••..• 594 Sly 100! .5 4i£ j 6 1 I 5 1 6 I 6 slaughter | 8
' In<ie-x. !
Horse, n-elcht.
IS
*4
Betting.
Op. Cl.
cine.
Cl.
20
8-5
40
1
40
8
start. Won drlvine-
Winner, W. Boon & Son's b. f., by imp. BrutuvConstellatlon. Time,
•J3l7 4 .
O- FOURTH KAI
: purse $350.
. • Index.' Horse, age, weight. j St. J*4 */4 %
. -(575) Basqull, 3 97 i 1 lh 11 12
' . 439 Jna.ijraior, 4 107 2 6 1 2h 4 1
585 lieu. Calmer. 3... 96 4 2h 4 1 2h
• ,: . . 693 San .Marco, 4 107 3 5V2 3h 3h
.564 O'Fieta.s 107 7 78 «1 5 4
693 iMosl-r. 4 104 6 3 1 7 4 7 1
: . 002 Doubtful, 4 104 8 8 8 8
• " »02 Cravrlord.a 107 5j 4h .5*4 6 3
1 3
2 1
Ay,
5 4
•A 1 1
61
72
8
I \:? siaugh.er
! 2V 8 JThorfX-
8 2 jT. Sloan
4 4 t ennesny
510 lerten
64 McHale
720 jT. Mcllugh
8 iPleeotL
Fin.
.locker.
lieu in jr.
1 Op. CL
5 6
6 7
7-10 13-20
10 9
•■" SO
300 300
40 60
75 100
' ' • 0:00 a start. Won handily. Winner, T. J. ilcilale'a b. c, by Imp. Wcocl Moss-Lady Kelly. Time,
.'-.•1:28y,. ■ ■ ■ -
?• I 4 FJI'IH JIACK—Otip and a sixteenth njlles, selling; purse $40J.
Jndex; Home, age, weight. | St. Ntd.
.• ' .593 Joe Terry. 4 1021 1 lib
5X4 U:t!e Cripple. « 104: 416 h .
• •• . C9~. Erametsu, 4 97 6 3 % ;
(HG6) AdulphSpreckels.4.lo7 7 '> i
001- 31 arc el. « 102 6 7
I*-cnvM<\ 6. 104 3 4 1
••• SCO , Tuxedo, 6.... 104; 2 'iy% '
Good star . Won easily. Winner. J. 11.
Home, age. weight.
' Ht. Ktd. j *A
jlh
63
4%
61
8 9
2 4
■: 2 84 St. Fin.
11 lb 110 VlVfe
s•£ 22%13 1 '■ 8 2 •
4 2*4% 2% BVa
7 7 6 2 4h
6 1 6 3 6 2 5 J/a
Ml/ .'» * 1 4 1 610 i
2 3 2% 7 7
fi
H. Martin
Jones
Slaughter
W. Martin
T. sioan
C'lawßOii ........
I Frawley i
2 6-2
8 10
15 15
6-5 13-10
I 6 9-2
'Mi 100
100 200
Betting.
Op. CL
Good star .
Won easily.
Winner, J. H. Shield's eh. cby Flambeau-Imp. Tear Drop. Time, 1:51.
Hi m SIXTH KACK- aeven-eistiths of a mile; selling; purse $350.
• . I . ! ' • , Be "
.Index. Horse, age, weight. St. V 4 J /i /4 ! Sir. ' Fin- Jockpy. Op.
' 4*JT 51obK.la-.ke, 4.....10 i "T ~5 2" 51 4^ Bli j Ins T. Sle an. ....... | 3
.f-89 AppJao»a,s 105 4 2 1 k -lji- Hi ; 21. '-'us K. Jones .7-5
• s*B Mariorle.4 IU2 1, 4ns 2 1 21* 1% j 3 2 H.Martin 12
*«•£ Wi'ianva. «6 2 ! lus 3 1 , B^i 4 2 4 6 B»rrini!er 8
• 5H9 Arapuhoe. ...... 105! 6 0.5 81. 61 52 , 58 PJgMH 5
(530) MSoera 4.?:". f'lO* -7 .7 7 51 JMI I tib Ihor,*. .7
• ••-70 Mi,in«, 5 .110 3 3% 4 1 7 7 : 7 C.510an.... j2O
.Index. Hcrso, a«e. upißlit. M .
J A
1 Fin.
Jockey.
Betting.
>p. CL
tlnK.
CL
7-2
9-5
25
9
4
8
to
Bad Htnru Won driving.
Winner. E. Corrnean's br. f., by Apacue-TricJisey. Time, 1:30.
(• HACK- Thre«-quarters of a mile, pune $400.
■ Horse, nice, welchi.
Kin. •
' lieu: tig.
Op. U.
V*
.Toclcei-3.
:>95 Oporge Miller, a .129
(f9U) MOTVCD, It 129
690 Hazard. 4... ;,12«
W>7 mv« r0w.,4 ::;..iai
(518) Palnjprston, 4 134
684 :-nowi]owri, 4..... 1 ad
637 j Candor, 6 127
560 I Mahogany. 6..... 139
1
'£
1 3
7
8
I 6
6
i t
4
18
::::::• 2%
. 5 1
........ 61
8
'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'. 4 1
720
..... .. 3 1
13
ay,
61
b 1
8
3 1
74
41
16
\2
8 2
6 1,
5 I 1
71
8
1 2
•1 ii
4 8
6 4
62
7 20
8
11. Martin
Thorpe
Mach11n. ;.......
Barnnger
{X Sloan
T. Murphy
ilennes*y
Leeper
1
5
10
8
15
10
15
100
H-6
9 2
15
12
20
SI
40
300
Poor start. Won easily. Winner, XV. L. Stanfleid's b. g., by Lofuu-Eoama. Time, I:l6V*.
laska, Applause and Marjorie passing orer
the line noses apart in the order men
tioned. Applause, which nas an 8
to 5 favorite, with Marjorie as com
pany, led the field to the stretch, where
they were joined by Tod Sloan on Moba
laska, and in a furious drive Tod and his
mount cauKht the eye of the judges first.
Mr. Corrigan's Indian-named filly was a 7
to 2 chance tn the betting.
In the final six fur ong spin, with tbe
scale of weights raised 10 pounds above
the scale, George Miller strucK easy game.
He was speedily backed down from evens
to 3 to 5, and won easing up from Morven,
the second choice.
INGLESIDE TRACK'S GREAT CARD.
The Fastest Lot of Sprinters Ever Gath
ered ■ ered lit California Meet To- Day.
The programme to-day at Ingleside is
one to exult over. It is one of the best
ever offered local racegoer?. A faster band
of sprinters have seldom met than the
eight entered in the last race of the day,
including among them David, Ferrler,
Libertine, Preston, Magnet and Bnckwa.
It is a collection of speed seldom brought
together, and the finish should be worth
going along way to witness. The mile
handicap also has a splendid lot of entries,
while the two-year-old division will be
represented by the Schreiber stake, worth
$1300.
The judges at Ingleside have requested
Secretary Leake to notify Trainer William
Hurry of the Cambridge and Lone stables
that the inconsistent running of the
horses in his charge will do no longer tol
erated. In the communication the offi
cials say Mr. Murry's explanations are
not in keeping with the rules. of racing,
and that a repetition of the same after
this date will cause a recommendation for
the refusal of his entries and further pun
ishment to him as may hereafter be de
termined. •
The officials in the stand also recom
mend that the entry of Greyhurst be re
fused at Ingleside until such time as
Owner Griffin can assure them that the
I horse is educated to break from the bar
rier.
Following are to-day's entries:
First race, one mile, selling.
584 Tar and Tartar.lo7 5-14 Jnstallatrix .... 99
159 Quaint e'.l 95 579 Long Lady 100
608 Cherrystone 110! 566 Eagemount 102
60 5 Olive 110' 591 Koadrunner 115
. 613 Mosler 102 .... Kalas..., 102
603 Jar-onlca 100 j ■..,. \ ,;
' Second race, three-quarters of a mile/selling.
605 Meadow Lark. .lo'.' 601 1-ratik 'Jauhert. 99
597 Hazel jy.... .... 97 657 Beuam-la 108
691 Midlo W (570) Pat' Murphy .. .102
I 605 Cissle B 5*7 (5«l)iloylan 10*
(606) Yemen 102
Third race, one mile, selling.
(580)Mercutin 104 586 Lady Hurst .... 99
599 DoctorG 105; b94 Naranja 90
406 Tempestuous... 9-i 597 Encloo 105
6H4 >clmitar 105 60S Unity 107
578 Hermanlta 105 431 Mamie Scott... 105
606 McLlgnt... 115 595 Steutor „.. 88
592 Harold Lindsay 98. 601 Coda 100
Fourth race, half mile, Schreiber stakes, value
$1300.
567 Duke of York ; 581 Roxey Murphy 113
II: : 118 6*2 Don Luis 113
59S Key el !»a!to UK < Imper.oug 118
581 Estro... 118 .... IMa.xlone 118
.... Thorpe 118 681 Al Koran 118
(581 Cheat 1181
Fifth race", one mile, banaicap. . r 'v"
(441)Uuckwa.... 120 (o9l)Moylan 100
lßo4)Salvable 115 2 SO 'i he Dragon 100
9t Ostler Joe 119 692 Flash! ghi. 08
698 I natal -ator. .. .109 (574)Arezzo... 94
604 Argentina 105 604 Linc01n 11...... 90
sixth race, one and a half miles, hurdle handi
cap. . '. r., . ■ A; . ': ; '•
683 Hello. 148 600 Gov. Budd. 132
193 Baby £111 145 600 Herman 130
610 Fl Fl 140 600 Dutigarven 125
614 Adlpb Spreckls-138 266 Esperance. 126
583 , ruDdel 133
Seventh race, three-quarters of a mile.
589 David 104, 609 fiutta Percha..lo2
(599) Furrier 107 609 Dunbor 1«4
447 Libertine 107 : (609) Magnet 107
, 602 Preston. .: 104,(441)duckwa 104
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
First race— lnstallatrix, Cherrystone,
Long Lady.
Second race — Sloylan, Midlo, Yemen.
Third race — Stentor, >'aranja, Her
manita.
Fourth race — The Cheat, Thorpe.
Fifth race— Buckwa, Salvable, Inctal
lator.
Sixth race — No selection.
Seventh race — Burkwa, Libertine,
Magnet.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1897.
BUTLER HELD ON
BOTH CHARGES
Commissioner Heacock So
Ruled Yesterday After
noon.
Attorney Donohoe Grew De
cidediy Dramatic During
His Argument.
He Denounc3d the Prisoner in Un
m^asur^d Term? as a Most
Abandoned Villain
Attorney Donohoe, in the course of hi 9
argument before Commissioner Heacock
in the Ashe extradition proceedings yes
terday afternoon, created a deep sensation
by bis personal references to the pris
oner. The climfix was reached when, af
ter graphically describing the murder of
young Preston, he began to speak of the
Lee Weller case, which pioved the pris
oner's undoing. Turning to the latter he
said:
"How you mast regret, Butler, tbe day
that you, by your aevilish wit, lurod him
to accompany you."
The prisoner shrank before the men
acing finger of the attorney, and mut
tered: "Don't talk to me like that." Mr.
Donohoe was merciless and continued in
tones hi thunder:
"How you must say to yourself, 'Oh,
that 1 had had nothing to do with thai
.Lee Welier and that I hnd only lured to
my cbarnel den among the mountains the
beardless boy. whose disappearance caused
no comment 1'
"Bat, no, your eyes were blinded by your
greed for his gold nieces, for his poor
wife's trumpery trinkets, and by that lust
for blood winch to tne normal man is so
inexplicable and revolting, but which to
toe abnormal seems most irresistible. In
j your email warped mind you onlj' knew
I ibis man had money and that he trusted
you. As you feel the halter drawn tighter
and tighter around your ball neck your
vicious criminal nature must recognize
thai you made a fatal mistake when you
had anything to do with Lee Welier. "
Commissioner Heacock listened lor four
hoursyesierday to counsel's argument and
in his subsequent ruling nnucsitatingly
decided to hold the prisoner upon both
charges on the ground that the evidence
adduced shows i«utricient criminality on
big part. A certified copy of the evidence
will bu transmitted to the Secretary of
State, and the prisoner wili remain in the
custody of the Uniied States Marshal un
til the "President's order for his surrendet
i is received.
Tha argument yesterday was conducted
in the Commissioner's office, in the Ap
praisers' building, and was attended by
mosi of the witnesses in the case, includ
ing the Consui-General, J. W. Wurburton,
Detectives Roche and McHattie, Constable
Conroy, Marshal Baldwin, Sergeant Ban
ner, Capuin Fraser of the SwanhilJa,
and a group of privileged listeners. The
prisoner, guarded by Deputy Marshal
Gallagher, sustained the ordeal with bis
customary stolidity, and in the face of
the flood of denunciation which Mr. Dono
hue, Mr. Corinac's colleague in the prose
cution, poured upon him, showed scarcely
a trace of emotion. It is true that his
sang troid gave way a little when the
prosecuting attorney addressed him per
sonally, and with a dramatic gesture
charged him almost directly with the
crime of murder; but for the most part he
preserved bis favorite nonchalan t attitude,
his arms folded and face riveted upon
tbe ceiling.
Mr. t onuflc opened the argument for
the prosecution at 10 o'clock, Mr. Black,
the prisoner's counsel followed, and .Mr.
Donoboe closed at greater length in reply.
While Mr. Cormac confined himself
strictly to an elucidation of the evidence,
hi* partner frequently indulged in ora
torical flights an i eloquently emphasized
tbe paiheiic aspects of both case?.
Mr. Blacic rested nis defense mainly
upon his mmiliar objection to the court's
' jurisdiction and argued that the essential
| principle* of international law expressly
' constitute a vessel the actual territory of
the nation whose flag she flies, and that
the Swanhilila, thcreiure, was British ter
ritory wherever she might chance to be.
The arrest for this reason was illegal, and
the prisoner could not be arrested m Cali
fornia waters under these conditions, ex
cept for some offense commuted against
the laws of California. Tbe treaty was not
self-acting and must be put into operation
by the statute.
He raised another Important objection
witb reference to the interpretation of the
treaty, asserting that Judges and magis
trates could only act in accordance witb
iv provisions when so authorized by an
act of Congress.
Mr. Donoboe then rose to reply. Coun
sel for tbe crown, he contended, were not
there to prosecute, nor would the present
tribunal determine the question of the
prisoner's guilt or innocence. The main
evidence, both for the prosecution and
the defense, must be considered by a
Judge and jury m New South Wales, and
•'in that investigation," he continued,
"the prisoner will be protected by all
tbose safeguards which the experien c of
te t centuries has woven into the fabric of
the common law.
"The sole question for your determina
tion," he said, ''is whether we hare made
put a sufficient priina facie case to sati»f c
the Secretary ot State that this man
should be returned to the authorities to
stand his trial. And lam glad that this
disgusting battle will be fought out in an
other land. I respectfully submit that
durine the entire period since California
was admitted into the sisterhood of States
we have never harbored a wretch so desti
tute of human attributes, so wantonly de
praved, bruiul, cool and calculating, so
ogrellke in his disposition, so reckless and
yet withal so cowardly. That desperate
man who bolds up a stagecoach and robs
the passengers at the pistol's point is ad
mittedly a scoundrel, but he is not neces
sarily a coward.
"The burglar who enter* the household
armed with a bludgeon and revolver is a
scoundrel, but not necessarily a coward.
In California we have known many in
stances of murder when the blood was
hot, when green-eyed jealousy was the
motive, to avenge outraged honor, and
from lust, but never, thank God, have we
known of a series of atrocious murders to
be perpetrated from purely mercenary
motives. Of such crimes does this man
stand accused in hit own country and for
•itch crimes must his guilt be determined
or his innocence established."
Mr. Donohoe said, referring to Mr.
Black's objection as to jurisdiction, that
under the lti w of this State the committing
magistrate hud the right to inquire into
any crime if the criminal was brought be
fore hini, and that any question of terri
torial jurisdiction must be raised by the
Government. Tho mere statement 6f the
proposition that an accused prisoner
could raise such a question was one of
those arguments whicu bore upon its face
its own refutation.
His introduction naturally led Mr.
Dononoe to sp^ak of the defendant, to
whom he referred as "this smooth-spoken,
resourceful gentleman, who held the
golden key of the treasure-land across the
mountains. After Preston's death, this
fowler lost no time in bating his trap (or
another victim." Later on the prisoner
was accrioed as a "human spider," and
then the language quoted in t: c opening
parueraph was forcibly employed.
"Welier," said Mr. Donohoe, "had
scores of friends in Sydney — the very dogs
knew and loved him. 11,I 1 , is on record that
he told hundreds of people about the
prospecting trip. It is true that he did
not mention the name of the person with
whom he was going."
Warming with bia subject, the speaker
asked: "Is it possible that no foreboding
suggested tself at that time? Could he
not read the warning in that man's face?"
indicating the prisoner with a gesture.
"These indications are so apparent that a
landsman would as soon think of trust
ing his life to tne kindly cuidauce of a
ground shark as to this defendant.
"1 do not believe," concluded Air. Dono
hoe, "that there is one human being in
this fair City who is 80 sodden with sin
and dead to manly impulse that be would
desire to keep this craven, this murderous
brute, one moment iouger than is neces
sary. I therefore ask that he be handed
over to the authorities of Great Britain,
and that you so certify to the Secretary of
State that he may be returned to the
country whence he came to stand his
trial."
The court said:
It is hardly necessary for me to review the
evidence. 1 huve no written opinion and
seldom inuke une, I prefer to decide a case
when it is first submitted nnd everything is
fresh in my mind. Tne main aigumeni on
the part of the prisoner's counsel with regard
to the jurisdiction of the CoinmUsh ncr, or of
any party, to inquire into tne criminality of
the prisoner upon tutse charges, that he came
to this country on board a British ship, ana
that that British snip, being covered by
a flag, was British territory, I think
with counsel for me crown that it would be
strange indeed ii such questions could be
raised as between individuals, on the part of
the prisoner, to proieet him lrom a prosecu
tion for the crime with whicn he stands
charged. Such provisions are rather for the
benefit of the contracting nations as between
themselves and do not pertain to this case.
But the language of ti.e treaty is, ' 4 \Vho shall
seek an asylum" iv the other country or who
shall be found therein. It appearb from the
testimony that the prisoner at the oar came
voluntarily aboard the Swanhilua as an able
seaman ; lie was coming to San Francisco ; he
Itfnew tne port to which he was coming.
There are certain circumstances detailed by
Captain Frascr which teud to show that he
intended to stop here; that he wished to dis
guise himself; that he wished to come ashore
before the vessel nac really leached land and
gut another job here. And I think it is v lair
linding Irom the testimony that he was a
fugitive from justice coming here.
He «as arrested onthesbiD. Counsel con
tends that the «ords "seeking asylum" have
beeu left out of the act ol Congress, and that
as the treaty is not soli-acting and as Congress
has not authorized its officers to act except
wnea the prisoner is lound within the United
States, that therefore, we have no jurisdicion.
Upon that question I will cite in re Kaine,
Decisions ol the Supreme Court, volume 20,
page 66: '■The ireaiy with Great Britain is
equally binding uroii us hb an act of Cou
gies.s, and it liken in- confers jurisdiction and
authority on the Judges and magistrates of
the respective Goveriiinents to lsbue warrants
for the npprelienMon oi lugidves and for hear-
Ing and considering the evidence produced
:. r .:ui:^t them, and n.s<> provides that the com
mitting mugistrate shah certify as io tbe suffi
ciency ol the evidence to the executive au
thority, so that a warrant oi surrender may
issue."
Thus the court hoi, is that the treaty is in
this respect self-acting, and that it needed no
ace of Cougrcas to give the Judges and magis
trates additional powers. If there be ques
tions touching the jurisdiction of ihe Commis
sioner, v/hic-h may be construed as ot vital
import, 1 shall leav« them to some other tribu
nal less impressed with the criminality ln
voived and shown by the testimony and* the
charges against \hv prisoner, and 10 some tri
bunal that is perhaps less impressed than 1
am with the importance of such technicali
ties, which, though they may sometimes p»o
--tect the innocent, oUcner open up avenues of
escape o the uuniy.
The court continued that as to the evi
dence of criminality there were the fol
lowing circumstances to be considered:
The connection of Weller and Preston
with tiie prisoner; the testimorry of wit
nesses lo the fact of tneir beiug seen to
gether gradually going into the Blue
Mountains — where gold is never found —
hunting lor nold ; the inducement held
out by the prisoner to each; the discov
ery of the bodies within ten or twelve
miles of each other, and in one case a
mile and a half from the spot where a
witness testified that be bad seen them
together. In tbo Lee Weller case it was
admitted that there was sufficient evi
dence for the Commissioner to hold tiie
prisoner. Then he continued:
If there was ever a case that Shakespeare
could possibly have imagined wherein one
should ••steal the livery of heaven to serve the
devil in" it is in the case of Lee Weller, for nil
the certificates by which the prisoner claimed
to be a master seaman were stolen from the
deceased, and here when I asked his name he
nr«t answered "Lee Weller 'until the evidence
confronted him with the fact that the bouy
haa been foun.i. and then he had to abandon
the idea that he could pass himself off upon
the Commissioner as the reiti Lee Weller.
Wheii asked whu.se picture the photograph
of Mrs. Lee Weller was he replied, '-That is a
picture of my wile." But mark you, there is
a change later, for when the Commissioner
began to examine him in the Preston murder
ca*e he stood mute and refused to answer.
I Rhall hold him tv answer upon both
chttgus, believing the evidence shows suf
ficient criminality on his part, and sliuli trans
mi' a certified copy of the evidence to the
Secretary of State us soon as possible, and
shall commit the prisoner into the custody of
tiie Marshal until v o:il is received from "the
Presideut, ordering his extrHdition, and I
shall later make, an order impounding such
property as may be necessary.
CO. AS ANNIVERSARY.
League of the Crtus Cadets Celebrate
the Third Year of Their tx-
Jatence-
Company A, the crack corps of the
League of the Cross Cadets, entertained
its friends in Shiels ball last evening, the
occasion being the third anniversary of
its mustering into service.
Company A is the pionear company of
the League of the Cross and numbers
among its honorary members Archbishop
Kiordan, Fathers Prendergas', Yorke and
O'Kyan and Colonel Sullivan.
In tbo opening address Captain Drady
said that of the seventy-rive young men
who had joined tho company on its
organization over sixty were at present in
ranks.
Daring the evening the following pro
gramme was presented, a particularly
pleasant feature of which was the dra
matic reading given by Miss Nathan:
Introductory, Captain Frank S. Drady ; song,
John Miller; cornet solo, F. Ljrcett; suleo
tions, Company A, L. C. C. Glee Club; piano
folo, Miss Edna Kiiz&rera'd; specialties, John
C. O'Donneli; reading. MUs 11. Nathan; vocal
selections, Miss Katiierlne Blnck; clarionet
solo, Lennie Tully; accompanist, Mrs. S. J.
Tuliy ; bass solo, Joseph A. iognny.
CONVICTED, BUT INNOCENT.
Thomas Thompson Is Probably a Vic
tim of Mistaken Identity.
Attorney FranKlin V. Brooks has suc
ceeded in shaking Judge Wallace's faith
in Jhe vprdict of the jury that declared
Thomas Thompson guilty of stealing State
Senator Mahoney's watch on the night of
the Corbett-Sharkey pnzeli.'ht.
As a consequence of toe doubts in the
Judicial mind the sentence of Thompson
lias been postponed until March 26 and at
that lime it is expected that a new trial
will be cranted, with a prospect of the
District Attorney practically abandoning
the prosecution. There is a general belief
that Thompson is a victim of mistaken
identity.
In arguing for a new trial on behalf of
his client Lawyer Brooks set forth the
fact that on the tirst trial there was a dis
agreement, only two members of the jury
voting for conviction. He said that on
t he second trial Juror Lezynsky was asleep
during the taking of important testimony,
as well as while the arguments and in
structions of the court were being deliv
ered.
Thompson is an honest-looking indi
vidual, without any of the characteristics
of tiie professional criminal. He told a
straight story of his career in this Civ
tnat impressed all who heard it, but the
jury evidently formed the judgment of
convic:ion on the testimony of the men
who swore that Thompson wan the man
who pawned the watch. An effort to dis
credit this testimony will be made if an
other trial should be granted. Thompson
ii without lunds or acquaintances and his
attorney is acting under appointment
by toe court.
LIFE INSURANCE. .
FIFTY-FIRST ANNUAL REPORT
OF THE
COMECTICDT MUTUAL LIFE
lIVSURASCE COMPANY.
To the Members:
The year 1896 was marked by almost unre-
mitting commercial depression affecting every
Interest ana by serious disturbances in the
public finances producing apprehensions more
or less approaching panic for nearly the entire
period, both conditions having their origin
largely in those questions which became the
issues in a political campaign which, for the
critical gravity of the results involved and the
intensity of feeling engendered, has had no
parallel in our history. '
In such a year enterprise loses much of its
usual reward, and the best results in nearly
any business are those accomplished at least I
cost while maintaining the efficiency of the I
working machinery and awaiting such favor-
able change bS will allow a satisfactory
amount oi business to be done at usual cost
and without strain.
Effect on Business.
Especially is this true in the business of iife
insurance. Its cost is usually reckoned as a
part of one's expenses; and when money is
hard to come at and profits are little, and per-
haps nothing, new expenses are not readily
undertaken, the usual ones are often curtailed
and business shrinks. Under such conditions
a large volume of new business can be main-
tained in only one woy; by such concessions
on the first premium as tempt a new insurer
to taKe a policy which costs him little or noth-
ing the first year, and which he gets at the ex-
pense of the older policy-holders, whose money
has to make up the deficiency caused by what
the "new blood" costs but fails to pay.
Were uny given quantity of new business In
nny one year necessary to the stability of a
company— as it might be were the company
new and its amount at risK as yet too small for
a safe average experience there might be a
reason for keeping up a pace even at increased
cost, if the business so got were likely to stay
by. But there is no company of our class doing
business to-day in any such situation ; nor any
which cannot afford to let its new business vary
with the conditions affecting the volume of
every other business, except those which have
attached to the simple methods of legitimate
life insurance certain wholly extraneous fea-
tures which create necessities of ther own
and dominate the situation. The "accumu-
lated dividend" companies, some of which are
losing $125,000,000 and upward Of old busi-
ness every year, and must keep a very great
amount of business going in order to keep up
the lapses ana forfeitures necessary to pro-
vide their "accumulated surplus" or tontine
fund, have tried to educate the public to be-
lieve that a great "new business" and a great
"amount of risk" were the true measures of
success, and may feel that their choice lies
between keeping up the inflow at any cost, by
any effective means, and such a shrinkage as
they cannot Contemplate with equanimity.
However, that may be, the vicious ttnd costly
methods of competition arc continued.
An Ideal Position.
The Connecticut Mutual is happily under
the stress of no circumstances, natural or ar-
tificial, requiring it to force its business be-
youd the conditions of the times. Its position
is ideal, and that to which every company
ought to strive to obtain, a business so large
as to give absolute stability in its average ex-
perience, yet not to large bur that in good
times ami under fair conditions it can be
maintained without difficulty, even allowing
for occasional and considerable shrinkages in
bad times, . a standard of solvency beyond
question, investments worthy such a trust,
and an expense account so small as tOfcive the
largest possible Having to policy-holders and
bo adjusted that, whether its business in-
creases oi shrinks, it will not have to cut its
dividends on that account.
That is the position we occupy. So far as
the absolute safety of every present policy-
holder is concerned, or so l'ar as bis future
dividends would be effected, it is not neces-
sary that we should ever write another new
policy. The company would pay out to the
very last man and maintain the same relative
high dividends without it. The only reason
for taking new business is that we may give to
new families the same secure and cheap pro-
tection that those of our present members are
getting. The latter nave no need whatever
for any new business. And, therefore, it is
that, among all tho struggles for first place as
to new business and amount at risk among the
large companies and those of the smaller ones
to keep somewhere in the race, the Connecti-
cut Mutual has steadily refused to compete for
new business at the cost of present policy-
holders. What we can get without reducing
their dividends we take; what we can't
goes to those whoso inducements to agents
and whose speculative proposals - and mo-
mentary temptations to new men are great,
but whose dividends to old members are
smaller. In good times we more or less en-
large our business. In hard times we husband
our strength, indifferent to all considerations
except maintaining our standard of excel-
lence. •
We are thus explicit, not only because the
matter is apt to these times, but also because
in the competition of business it is commonly
represented by those whose only point of com-
parison with us is in respect of new business
and amount at risk that it is undesirable to
insure in a company which is not rapidly in-
creasing itsbustness; that expenses would be
less, dividends larger and security greater if
we were pushing harder for new business and
getting more of it — a statement which is false
to every aspect and particular. There must
come a point with every company, no matter
how rapid its present growth, beyond which it
Cannot force an increase of size. And several
of the largest companies are rapidly approach-
ing that point. What will be their status
then ? Should the public, therefore, turn irom
them ? If they wilt be then undesirable com-
panies, why should they be built up at all ?
If a company be truly desirable, prosperous
and safe only while and only as it is increas-
ing its risks, then the more rapidly a company
is growing to-day the faster it is approaching
the time when ii will be no longer desirable,
prosperous or safe. If that be so, 'life insur-
ance should .be summarily suppressed as an
Inevitable swindle.
But, as our expense rate Is less than that of
any other company, and only about half that
of the great pushers, white our results to
policy-holders are very much larger than
theirs, and our stability greater and more
conservatively based, the advantage to be de-
rived from following their example would
seem more than doubtful, especially in view
of the heavy and continuous reductions they
have made and are still making in their divi-
dends, while we have maintained our -scale.
The reproach of such a conservatism we are very
content to bear. ■ The vigor of the oak is of an
enduring sort. ■
--- . Review of the Year.
Notwithstanding the dullness of the year
1896, the affairs oi the company in every essen-
tial particular were as prosperous as could be
reasonably expected under the conditions. A
gain in income, assets and surplus, while earn-
ing an increased dividend— an increase of
strength more thnn corresponding- with the
Increase in liabilities, while decreasing the
cost of insurance- --may, in such times, well be
regarded as fairly satisfactory.
. The operations of the year, as covered by our
report to the Insurance Department, are as
toilows:
Net assets, January 1,1896 $60,764,020 64
Received—
For premium* $4,743,236 75
ForJnuand rents... 3.139.405 22
Bat. profit a id lota.. 50,140 75
Total income . 7,932,782 72
*6b,69t>,803 36
Disbursed—
For claims by death
and matured en- '
don menu ' $4, 508,018 25
Surplus returned to
policy-h01der5...... 1,274,658 62
Lapsed and surren- •>
dered policies - 759,247 93
Total paid policy
holder* 96,541,924 80
Commissions to '
agents, salaries, -•
medical examin-
ers' fees, printing,
advertising, legal, ■
real estate and all
other expenses of ,
management. 836,715 97
Taxes...... :.... S3 i, A 90 98
Total expenditures 7,715,151 75
Hal. net assets Jan. 1, 1897 f6J.981.G71 61
Add interest due and accrued,
market values *of stocks a .d
- bond* over cost, und net deterred
mid uncollectcd premiums, at
> per itemized statement herewith. 1,970,677 27
Gross assets, Jan. 1, 1897.......56'A05-.\348 S8
i Total 1iabi1itie5.................. 55,799.051 84
Surplus, Jan. 1,1897 I.'. 9-7,153.297 04
Interest."
■ We received for interact and dividends $2,-
-834,953 31 ; for rents, 254,446 91. The dull-
ness of the times made collections unusually
slow. Yet the overdue interest on December
31, 1890. on nearly $36,000,000 of mortgage
loans was only $150,400 71, about $30,000 of
which has since been received. ' ■ySjgbBBMBIIP
' No new defaults have occurred ou our bonds,
the only ca<e now - in - default being that
of the $100,000 of bonds of the Detroit, Lans-
ing and Northern Railroad now in process of
reorganization.; .. ,
Beal £ state Loam.
The amount o! old leans paid off and of new
LIFE INSURANCE.
loans made was much smaller than usual; a
natural result of the conditions which made it
hard to get money to pay with and also made
less use for borrowed money. Old loans were
paid amounting to $5,560,110 40 and new
loans were made for $5,202,279 87.
Foreclosures and .Sales.
Other results of the hard time* were the
prolonged inability of many to pay interest,
compelling us to take under foreclosures
properties costing $1,233,028 08. and also a
great dead ness in the real estate market by
reason ,of which comparatively few sales |
were made, amounting to $124,325 33. There i
were a eood many iuquiries after properly,
but most of them were made in the hope that
the pressure of the times might dispose us to
otter at low price;. Wo are fortunate. v able
to hold our property until usual conditions
restore usual prices.
The advantage of being able to do this Is
well illustrated in our own history. Since
.1879 the company has sola properties which
it had then acquired under foreclosure ,at a.
cost of - $7,531,018 30. In an . examination
made that year the Insurance Commissioner
valued these properties at only 5jttj, 445,773, an
apparent loss of $1.085,845 30. But we did-
not sell at those figures. We waited and sold
as the market wanted it, for $B,9'_*2,t»sG 31, or
$1,391,038 01 more than the property cost;
and $2,476.883 31 more than the Commis-
sioner's valuation.
While some of our properties will not prob-
ably sell for as much us they cost, others will
sell for more, and. judging from past experi-
ence, we see no reason to apprehend any less
on this Item as a whole. ■ ; ■
Bond Transactions and Holdings.
There were paid off or sold during the year j
municipal and railroad bonds which cost us
$8t>4,633 30. and other bonds purchased at a
cost oi $783,610 44. The market value of
such securities in general was considerably
less on December 31, 1896, than on December
31, 1895. The shrinkage on our holdings was,
however, only two-thirds of 1 per cent. These
holdings are ft r $13,285,000 par value, cost-
ing $13,606,034 97, and worth at the above
date $14,058,907 by an entirely conservative
valuation. . : : -v
-..•_■, Profit find Lost.
A small net loss of $13,105 87 on some of
the real estate sales ana sundry items whs off-
set by a net gain of $63,246 62, mainly on
transactions in bonds, leaving $50,140 75 to
the good.
Mortality.
We paid to the families and estates of de-
ceased members during the year $4,106,366 25.
The value and timeliness of this great sum to
its many recipients in their hour of need are
the measure of our yearly service to the house-
holds oi our country, its helpfulness can be
somewhat realized if one will but Imagine
that amount being constantly distributed
among cases like some that will occur to any
of us, and wilt think what it has meant to
them, or would have meant to those who did
not have it. It is an unmixed good, coming
when the necessity for such help is greatest.
Our death losses were ho far inside those ex-
pected and provided for that the savings there-
lrom were $436,689.
It should always be borne in mind that it is
not the amount of a company's death losses
nor their proportion to its amount at risk, nor
to its income or its assets watch are signifi-
cant of their effect upon its prosperity, present
or future. The older its business, the longer
it has been in force, the greater the average
age of its members, tie greater will be the
proportion of deaths and me volume oUosses.
The question is not only what losses have oc-
curred, but what were expected. What losses
were anticipated when the premiums and re-
serves to meet them were computed? Are the
actual losses inside or outside that expecta-
tion?. That is the only pertinent question in
the matter.
Expenses.
The ratio of expenses to income in 1896 was
10.55 per cent, an increase over the usual
average of about one-half of 1 percent. This
was due to no increase in the cost of getting
business or in any general expense, but solely
to the increased cost oi repairs to real estate
taken under Joreclosure and necessary to put
it in proper order and to rightly protect our
property. The same careful aud systematic
economy which always distinguishes this
company has been ricidly maintained.
New Busineaa.
' In consequence of the unbroken business
depression tit 1896, ana especially during the
months of the political campaign, and because
we spent no money trying to overcome these
obstacles, we wrote about 10 per cent less new
business in 1896 than in 1895. The renewals
of old business were so well kept up, however,
that we lost during the year on the whole
amount in force only $619,430.
We believe the persistency of the old busi-
ness of tne Connecticut Mutual is jquite
unique. It is an element of great strength,
and of cheapness as well. It costs tar less to
take sucu care of old business as to keep it
than to get new to replace it. And we are
fortunat-ly not in the position ot those com-
panies whose heavy expenses can be met and
whose extravagant representations of "post-
poned or accumulated dividends," to be paid
hfieen or twenty years hence, can be iulfiwei
only by the proceeds of heavy forfeitures of
old business every year.
Dividends.
■ The dividend paid on each policy in 1896
was larger than the corresponding one tor
1895. There will be a similar increase in divi-
dends and consequent decrease in the cost of
insurance on policies renewed in 1897.
Surplus.
We call attention to those items from which
it is possible to derive a surplus and to the
manuer iv which they have been applied
during the year, with a preliminary word of
explanation. 1
We agree to pay certain sums on the occur-
rence of a certain event. To do this we must
have premiums large enough to pay running
expenses, the current death claims, and pro-
vide a reserve for the greater mortality that
will come with the increasing age of the busi-
ness. We can earn interest on that reserve
while we hold it. to we assume a maximum
death rate, a maximum expense rate and a
minimum rate of interest, and calculate our
premiums and the reserve to be laid aside out
of them on those three assumptions. If
the death losses and expenses are less
than we assumed we save the difference
from the premium; if the Interest is more we
save that also. Taere are sundry other inci-
dental items. Here is an exhibit of the opera-
tion oi these several factors in the Connecti-
cut Mutual in 1896:
Fart of premium provided for
expenses, etc.: $957,256
Ime.est and rents in excess of '
r»;e assumed 1,060,722
Balance, profit and 105 i....' i>o,i4l _,
Sav>d 11 om expected' death
losses . 436,689 •
bave 1 from reserve on surreu- ....
d-.-red policies.'". 129,789,
Sundries „■'. ' vjs,*37 .
Total;. ..'. $2,660,004
This total of items applicable to expensea,
dividends, etc., has been applied as follows:
Expenses if management.... (836,716
, Tuxes. ..i -: 3.36,431
Decrease in market value of •■
Londs i)ud stocks 92,556
$1,265,768
; Dividends paid $1,274,659 !
Additions to accumulated
1 dividends 62.541
i Increase 01 surplus .• 57,041
1,394.241
$2,660,004
1 The only item in this exhibit which does not
explain itself is probably the saving from the
, reserve on policies . surrendered or not re-
newed— sl29,7s9. This grows out of lapsed
andrurrendereu policies (less those reinstated)
for $5,860,703, the reserve upon which was
$961,577, of which amount $831,818 or about
. 87 cent, was returned to the policy-hold-
ers in paid-up insurance, cash or otherwise,
' leaving the saving mentioned $129,759. This
saving covers some policies which had not
been in force long enough to have a value;
but it is principally made up of a small neces-
sary charge made upon each surrendered pol-
icy to help in replacing the business so lost, to
cover the cost of the change and to protect the
company against the impaired vitality caused
by the voluntary witndrawal of sound lives.
Let it be noted that were iv; doing a tontine
or speculative "investment" business the
whole $961,577 of reserve and all the surplus
it had accumulated would have gone into the
"pooL"
A similar, exhibit of the items available for
expenses, etc., and their application lor, say,
the last fifteen years, will be interesting in
this connection.
Part of prem. provided . •
for expenses, etc $14,704,248 -
I Int. and rents In excess
of rate assumed.... 14.498.567
Bui., profit and 1055....... 8j9,716 •
Suved - from expected :. - • ■
death -losses 6.861,723
!-avKi from reserves on • ■ ■
surrenders, etc.... ' 1,238 635
' Inc. in maricct values of
bonds and s'.ucks 1,604
! Sundries 71,048
i ' 18y,5'i7
This has been applied as :o!1jws: .
- Expenses of tuanage-
: = mem... ..:.. $11,085,600 :
Taxes.... 4.75U.826
$15,842,426
Dividends paid.... $18,039,965
■ Increase in accumulated
• dividends :.V..r.-.;~..... 540.431
• Increase iv surplus ;.. 3,765,725522,346.121
1 - . — — — — — ■_ ■ . ■
■ v $38,188,547
, .. Here, again, the only item needing explana-
, tion is the saving of $1,238,635 in the fifteen
. years on r, lapsed ; and s v rendered ' policies,
[ These amounted to $70,956,220; the reserve
: on these was $11,337,131, ot which amount
. $10,098,496, or about 89 per cent, was re-
turned to policy-holders in paid-up insurance,
■ cash and otherwise. Were ours a tontine busi-
' LIFE IJTStTRAITCE.
ness the wh01e511,337.131 and all the surplus
accumulated by it would have pom' into the
'•pool' for . the iucky ones to dividi — or so .
much as whs not eaten up by the expenses of
pushing lor new blood.
Similnr exhibits by the great group of com-
panies doing that sort of business would be
very Interesting. They would mark as noth-
ing else ever can the precise character, the
enormous magnitude and tne startling signifi-
cance of the gambling in life insurance carri.'d
on for the last twenty-five years or more and
now involving, annually policie3 to the
j amonnt of mnny hundred million dollars,
policies which ought to be sacred to the pro-
tection of the famines whom they do not
guard, which are not taken to guard the
family, but with intent to share in what others
are to lose.
Moreover, such exhibits by those companies
would slow those people who have lapsed and
forfeited those policies and the surplus already
accrued on them where their monpy goes;
and would show those who have won in the
speculation, where their money li»s come
from, and "would show them also why their
speculation hasn't turned out half as big as
, the "estimates by which they were led into it.
.Excess of Strength Above Legal '
: ..-ji ; Standard.
Whoever has occasion to observe the state-
ments of this company, »s published by the
several State Insurance Department reports,
■will notice that they credit us with a much
larger surplus than we credit ourselves with.
For instance, their reports l««t year showed
us as having nearly $1,300,000 more surplus
than our own figures. This year the differ-
ence will be .'•omeih^ng still larger. The cause
of our ciwu more conservative showing is this:
TheStnte Departments compute our liabili-
ties i n the asMimption that we ill earn 4 per
cent • compound interest on our reserves
throughout the longest possible duration of
any of our policies— say seventy years or more.
On all policies written since April, 1882, we
compute our liability on the assumption that
we may earn only 3 per cent. For the long
periods our contracts are written to cover we
do not think it entirely prudent to assume
more. This requires us to carry a larger re-
serve thin the 4 per cent assumption, which
is the legal standard of solvency.
Consolidated Statement-
From its organization to January 1,1897, the
company received:
For premiums.... $132,111, 805 6^
Forin:er©« 7rt.435.-281 19
For rents 7,05P,29*87
Hal. p'flt and loss 1,083,219 59
Total receipts. $276,644,599 SO
It has paid: *
Death c'almsfor.. $89,115,154 07
Endowment) tor.. 18,568.462 SO
For surrend. pol's. 23.805.729 93
For dividends 65,966,763 64
A total returned to
policy-holders or
their benoncia-
ries,bolnK 94.97'
per cent of the
entire premiums -
received $182,454,109 93
It has paid for:
Expenses 24.316.102 41
Taxes 8,892 715 35
Total expenditures $215,662,927 69
Balance net assets, Jan. 1. 1897... $60,981,671 61
It has additional assets (see state-
ment) 1,970 677 27
Total assets $62,952,818 88
That is, ".the amounts returned to riolic I'holders1 '-
holders and their beneficiaries ($182,454,-
-109 93) and the bnl«nc*» of income after all
cxn-nrtitures f560,981.671 61). aggregating
$243,435,781 54, arc 126.72 per cent of the
entire amount received from policy-holders.
This has been done at an exp use in manage-
ment of 8.79 per cent of the income. Botn in
what has b-en done for the policy-holder* and •
in the economy of management— is, in
the low cost of the treat protection given—
these results are equaled by no American com-
pany.
It has been with a clear perception and deep
sense of the absolute necessity to the home
life on which our civilization rests and is be-
ing built, of simple, straightforward, reliable
and absolute protection to the family, that the
Connecticut Mutual has adhered to the plain,
uncomplicated, non-speculative ideals of life
insurance plan and method which give that
protection most perfectly and at least cost,
avoiding those schemes which have indeed
pained a great following by offering a specula-
tion in that professed protection.
It is with a deep . thankfulness we offer the
results of our adherence to the right, if simple,
ideal to scientific truth, and to true business
method. Respectfully submitted,
JACOB L. GREENE. President,
Hartford. Fenruarv 13, 1897.
T.HE
WEEKLY
cm
ol It Publishes t\/e Cream of th»
ex News of the Week and
©< MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
=X ORIGINAL FEATURES.
0 ■ __
°\ IT IS THE ' BEST WEEKLY
Of ' PAPER ON THE
Of ' PACIFIC COAST
3 Always Republican, but Always
<0 Fair and Impartial in Its
3 Rendering of the Po-
-3 iitical News.
o) It's the Paper to Send East if
3 You Want to Advertise
cJ California.
°\ The Best , \ /Mining
ex Telegraphic \/ News That
©< Service on />. Is Accurate
The Coast / \& up to data
©y Not a Line of it Sensational
°\ or Faky, and Not a Line of
|°\ it Dry or Uninteresting.
f*j A PAPER FOR THE COUNTRY FIRESIDE.
• Bright, Clean, A Champion of
CX Thoughtful. Truth.
2 A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
■J ALL THE TIME.
°) IT ADVOCATES SENT BY
C< HOME MAIL, 51.50
cJ INDUSTRIES . A YEAR.
e{ THE CALL SPEAKS TOR ALL
I A PERMANENT CURE I
C. of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhea and >
1 c Gleet, guaranteed In from 3to 0 days; no s
< other treatment reqnired, and without the nau-31
C featlnK remits of dosing -with Cui:ohs, Copaiba >
Sor Sandal-Wood . J.Ferre & Co., (successor! to?
<l!rou\. Pbamiaclen, Paris. At all dnityfists. 3!
"OPIUM
; The pur» essential extract from the native drug. Con-
. tains all the valuable medicinal properties of Opium
without ?ts noxious elements. ; No sickness cf rtomachi
no Tomit.iig ; no costiveneys ;no headache. All Druggists*
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SCMUABT OF THE MAKKKTS.
Quicksilver higher.
All Cereals dull.
Hay weak.
Very little demand for Beans.
l'.lce firm.
Grain Bass very strong.
Wool quieter. Hods neglected .
Beef and Mutton easy. Lambs lower.
Hogs continue to rise.
Coal in sufficient supply.
Provisions pointing upward.
Dried Fruits neglected.
Mexican Limes lower.
No change in Oranges.
Heavy mocks of Eastern Poultry expected.
Game sold higher.
Butter and Cheese weaker.
E;gs no lower.
Potatoes and Onions unchanged.
Explanation.
Tlie arrow flies with the wind. The top figure
•t station Indicate maximum temperature for th«
iays: those underneath It. If any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow In Inches and huudredths,
J during the. past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect po!n s of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal tempt rat ore. The
• word "nich" means high barometric ■ pressure and
is usually accomnanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and 'accompanied by cloud v weather and rain?;
. "Lows" us: ally first appear on the Washington
coast. When i lie pressure is high in the interior
and low along the coast, and the isobars extend
north and south along the- coast, rain Is probable:
but when the "low Is Inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is unprob
able. With a "hitch" in die vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected In summer and colder
Weather In whiter. The reverse of these conditions
■%»ll *>»oduce anVpposlte result.
' WEATHER BUICKAU REPORT.
United States Department or Agricci/
•tukk. Weather BIBFAI-. SaN Francisco. Feb.
26, 1897, sp. v. Weather conditions and general
forecasts:
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compare l with those of the same da c last sea
son and rainfall during the past 24 hours:
Eureka ibis season , last season 25.75. past
24 hours .00; Ked Bluff 20.56. last season 13.90,
past 24 hours .CO; San Francisco 17.77. last sea
son 12.43, past 24 hours .00: Fresno 8.23. last sea
. son 4.09. past 24 hours.oo; >aa Luis Obispo 17.13.
last sexson 12.25, past 24 hours .00; Los Angeles
14.38. last season 5.91, past 24 hours .00: San
.'.Diego 9.32, last season 4.44, past 24 hours .00;
Yuma 4.72, last s-asou .48. pa-t. 24 hours .00.
sau Francisco data—Maximum temperature 64,
minimum 48. menu 56.
• An area of hictu pressure overlies Utah, Nevada,
Idaho, Wyoming and Colorado. During the past
»4 nours tnere has be v a fall of pressure on the
' them half of the Pacific slope.
The temperature has risen over Arizona, souto
ern Nevada and southern California and haj fallen
Miphtly alone the northern and central coast of
California. In the southern part of the State the
.temperature averages 15 degrees above the i or
nial. There has been a rapid increase In cloudi
ness over southern California.
A maximum wind velocity of 40 miles per hour
from the east is reported from Tatoosh Island.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending at midnight. February 27, 1897.
Northern California—F. ir Saturday, with in
creasing clnu.llness in northern portion; light
southerly winds.
Southern California—Cloudy Saturday; contin
ued warm weather; northerly winds.
.Neva —Fair Saturday.
Utah—Fair Saturday.
Arizona —Fair Saturday.
San Francisco and vicinity—Fair Saturday
continued warm weattier; light westerly win in.
Alexander Mcadie, Forecast Official.
M.W YORK iftAKKKTS.
Financial.
NEW YORK, H. V., Feb. 26.—Speculation at
the Stock Exchange to-day turned upon the par
don'of SaDgulliy by the Spanish Government.
. The importance of this news was not appreciated
by the general run of traders at the start, but
when it became known tlm the event was likely
to stifle any attempts it jingoism In the Senate a
more cheerful feeling pervaded sock circles.
•Business, which was decidedly sluggish during the
_ morning, resumed fairly good proportions in the
aiternoon, when the tone became strong and
prices advancrd all along the line. The dealings
were wvll distributed, boh the high and low
priced stock shoving great improvement. As
uv..al. when the t>hi>rts attempted to cover th»
•demand developed a small floating supply of
stocks, and it was, therefore, not surprising, under
\he circumstances, that advances made rapid pro
; press. The bet that houses with Washington con
nections were among the principal buyers was re-
Karded as siininiant, and certainly stimulated the
upward movement
Consolidated Gas scored the greatest advance
selling up -.1/2 points to 153%, on reports from
Albany thai Lie agitation for a reduction in the
price of ens would prove unsuccessful at the pres
ent session of »l'i slalme- Lake Shore ros«
to 16U, the highest figure ever attuned. The
demand lor the stock is attributed to th* fact that
the company will be ab.e to refund Its 7 per cent
bonds into a lower rate security, probably a 4 per
« en '^b9^:' t bUBal \ adv*nced li/. Leather pre
ferred .3' 3, Jersey t>n:ral 214 ana the remainder
?L «fh «Vto 1 A per ce"u With few excep
tions the final quotations wore the highest of the
day, and speculation closed strong, with an ad
■ ya:!c'"? tendency. The total transactions were
idiS.XJOO t lJiir< S.
ihe dealings during the last hour of business
aggregated an amount almost equal to the sales
for the previous tour hours. Net changes show
gains ot V* to 3 per cent. "
Bonds were stro ;. Total sales. 702,000
Galveston. Harrlsburg and Henderson fives ros •
2, to 8< ; Houston and Texas Central consolidated
hixts 1%. to 1U; Kings County Elevated firsts,
•I, to 48; People's <iasoi Chicago first sixes. 4%
to 110; Kendmg Jirsi prefened, U/4. to 443,. • O
thirds, y B. to 326/: St. Joe and uraiid island
fiis- sixes, 7/ 8, to 48%; at. Paul consolidated
sevens. %, to 133: southern Hallway fives, V*. to
90S/,: Tennessee Coal and Iron, Tennessee Divi
• Blon sixes, 2, 1085: Utah and Northern sevens
3, 10 117, ai.d Western Pacific first sixes, 1, to l'» 3
In Government bonds 8115.0C0 coupon fours of
KTl^aYft® 1223 '4 *ni •»«»"«••■••««
Groin.
FLOUR — Steady, quiet, unchanged. Winter
wheat, low erodes, *2 30@4 30; fair to fancy,
»2 45@4 60; do patents, »4 60ra)5; Minnesota
dear, «3 5U©3 95; do straights, "$4 25 <&4 ;-,6' do
patents, $4 10@4 85; low extras. *2 boas 30-
City Mills. $«(»» 90: do patents, .$4 JiO@so6: ltye
mixture, $2 9u@3 50; superfine, $2@2 80; fine,
$1 lii)(fii- 2.
Southern flour, quiet, unchanged.Common to
extra, 93 20@3 60: good to ihoice. $3 GU@4.
ltye Hour, dull, steady, ats2 5002 89.
.- CORNMKAL-Qulet,. steady. Yellow, fl 750
RYE—Dull, steady. -Western, 37Vi@37% c. i. f
Buffalo: 41 c. i. f. .New York. .
UAKLk-Y-Quiet, firm; 2014 c.
.WHEAT — r»pot market uull, easier, closing
steady: f. o. b. 88%: ungraded red, 74089 -
No. 1 Northern. 84% c. ■«»•"•.
Options opened weak and declined VaS. 3ic on
easier cable.i, foreisii selling easier We« an'u local
realiz rallied i/i (3) l/c on local covering with
. the West, but declined %@%c on liqudttlon.
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WHEELOCK & CO.,
4 Leldesdorff St., Tel. Main 1054.
ckntxa I. office;
€2is Market SL, Palace Hotel. Pur ly & Atkinson,
Manners. TeL Main 8144.
Uptown Office— lisidwin Uotel (ad Jolnine Grill
Roomj. Tel. Main 1091.
PURDY. ATKINSON & CLAPP, Managers.
Orders instantly executed on latest Euarket quo>
Utlona. Kelerence Ist National Bank. a. JBV
rallied ii©3»c and closed weak at «/s@?B under
yesterday, with trading fairly aci.vr. May end
July most active. No. 2 r d, Februnrv, 80% c:
March. H05 8 c: April. hOS/»c: May. 70% c; June.
79S/ 8 July, 7J-y 8 e: September. 76% c.
CORN- 1 peneu dull, weaker. No. 2. 286.5e
elevator, 29»/aC afloat; steamer mixed, 27% c; >v.
3,26%.
Options were dull and closed weak at i'4@Sgc
de line. May »n<l july only traded in. February.
'2S^c; May. /# c: July, 30»ia
OaTb— Dull, steady, options dull. V« c lower,
weak. May, 2J»/gC. Spot prices: No. *, 21>/sc;
No. 'i white. S«V%c; No. 2 Chicago, ftftfco; No. 3,
20% c; No. » white, 2l»ic: mixed Western,
21Va(a'-^Vi; white Stats ana Western, *'J@l:9 1 /2 C.
Provisions.-
LARD — Quiet; unsettled. Western steam.
$4 22%; May, «4 40, nominal. Refined quiet:
continent. *4 45; South American, $4 65; com
pound 4(g>4Vi- .
PORK-Quiet, firm. New mass. $8 25<g>8 76.
BUTTKi.- Fancy. swaiy; moderate demand.
Western creamery. 13fajl9c; factory, 7@l3c; Ki
gins, 19c: lmitailon creamery. Ji@lsV2 c ". rolls, 8
@12c.
- CUKES K— Firm: moderately active. Part
skims. 5@9%c; lull skims, :-@3%c
Kuiib— su-udy. Icehouse cases, $v:@i; " estern
fresh, 17a
COTTONSEED OlL— Quiet: firm. Crude, 20®
20% c: yellow prime. 23%@<!4c.
RlCE— Firm. Domestic, B @6c: Japan, 4%c.
Mui-AtobKfti— Steady; active, New. Orleans, i 8
©30c.
COFFEE— DuII, nnchanced to 6 points down.
May, $9 20: September, $9 3U. spot Rio, dull;
steady; No. 7. 9VsC „••
SUGAR — Quiet. Oft A, 3 15-16@4 l-16c
r* 3>; mold A, 4 i/ c; standard A, 4S/ 8 c; confect on
ers' A, 4i/4c: cut loaf, Sc; crushed, ac; powdered.
4<%c: gnmulated, 43/ 8 c; cubes, 4/jfec.
1 ruit and Produce.
APRICOTS— Bags, 9@llc .
j I AC> >!*— Unpeeled. bags, 7@9c; do P«ele<l.
boieal-V2©l&c.
SKUNKS— Four sizes, 4-'»ic,
UAiSI.Ns-lwo crown I*. M., 4%c; three
crown, sV*c; four crown, GatiVac; Juouuou layers,
$1 35©1 .6; clusters. $1 40<£l 76.
ALMONDS— soft ulieU. 7%<&)9c: paper shell.
10&12 C
\VaLS UTS— Standard, 7c ; do soft shell, 9c
Merchandise.
HOPS— Quiet: Pacific Coast. 4@lSc.
WOOL — Firm: moderate demand: unchanged :
fleece, 15(a,--'ac; pulled. 18@2lc; Texas, 7© lie
J lOlnii.N- Dull unchanged.
COPPKR— Firm.. Lake. 912.
It AD- Firm. Domestic. «3 30@3 M7Vi.
■il.N— Ease: t-tralts. , Sl3 60<S>13 BO; plates,
fairly active, steady.
si-'ti-l Kit— Dull. Domestic. S4@4 10.
Chicago markets:
CHICAGO, l i.i,. Feb 26— The news from
abroad did not tonvty a great amount of encour
agement to holders of wheat this morning, and in
consequence there was quite a lot for sale. Liver
pool tables were Vi (l hi* her to lVjd lower, and the
situation as reg&rus the Cretan troubles did no.
promise anything serious. The bulls were ob.lged
to fall back on crop-damage reports to sustain
their position. '1 he marke: opened easy and about
a half cent lower, but later recovered the los«. An
erratic action then set in, prices moving within a
I. arrow range.
Receipt* at- Chicago were 13 cars, and 69,443
bus Dels were withdrawn irom store '1 he North
west had 13 1 curs against VS.; last Friday and 4*5
a year ago. Closing Liverpool. Pa is and Am
werp cables wtr- a.l lower, prices her* sagging oft
ufter their announcement. Berlin was a 11 tie
higher.* Exp >rt c earanres were light ft 204.
bushels. Aiound "puti>" the decline met with op
po-itoo and the close showed no profit in tbose
privileges. May wheat opened from 74 ' 2 c to
74s/ B @74s / ic sold between 71" b e and 79*40, clos
ing m 74V8(f&74V4C, %c under yesterday. Ks.i
liui 1 rrct-iot- fi-r ic-moir w lOi cars. No. 2 red
spot, 823,4(§,54y B e, cloning at 81i/ B @B4i,ic.
i.UH.\-4 i*» trti Jea in modrr'a.rly iar<e lots of
corn took place, the se.iets beini; commission
houses and the buyers scalper*. With the excep
tion of the business referied to, the market was
lifeless, or »■» near so as it wa< possible to be. l.li
tle news irom the dally statistics was in circula
tion. J scripts wer- 169 car* and 18.992 bushels
wtrie withdrawn from store. Liverpool cables
were firm and unchanged. Kxpoils were heavy
at 899 455 tUAhels. l'rii eased (rT ith tbose of
when', the decline, however, not being Important.
May corn opened at 24Vic Mid . between 243/ 8 3.
ana 23% c, ilosins m ;.3%@24c, s 8 c under
terday. Estimated receipts lor to-morrow 220
cars.
OATS— One fair-sized line of short oats was.
covered during the morning, but otherwise the
market was in a lethargic condition, with prices
governed by the variations of the other markets.
Receipts were 180 cars. There were no with
drawals from store. Export clearances were good
at 207,664 tv liels. ->.ay oats clO3< y4@s g c
lower. Estimated recelp.s for to-morrow 22J
cars.
FLAX— Firm. Cash No. 1, 75c; Northwestern,
771/4 C; May. 77c: July, 79c; September, 801,4/3,
ho l 2 c. Receipts were 22 ca s.
l'K >VI^IO-s>— 1 ! he prevailing In other
speculative markt> s penetrated that of product*
ear.y. Notraaethat In any way savored of im
portance was then noted. Prices were a little
lower In tribute 10 a weak hog market. L.-.ter In
the day prices firmed up on buying by a promi
nent, packer ano by commission houses represent
ing English inteiests. May pork cnwr-d o(s7%c
higher, May lari a shade higher and May ribs 2% j
higher.
I. UTTER— feeling In the butter market was
again e,s.- to-day. Stocks show fome accumu.a
tion, the demand not keeping pace with the sup
ply. »
creameries— Kxtras. 18c: firsts. lt®l7c; sec
onds, 14@16c; imitations, fancy, i3@l4c Dairies
—Extras. 16c; firsts. l*(»l£>c. secooas. 9®loc.
Ladles— Extras, ll&l'.'c: firsts. BijjttaVsc; packiuf
ktock. tic; grease, 2%<s3c; roil butter, lU(# 10% c.
Et«Gs— The rec- ifTts were large nnd the demand
was slow. An easier feeling existed and prices
were a shade lower. Fresh stock 15c t". dozen.
MONEY— Was 4V 2 on call and 6% on time
loans. New York excnmigesold at 55c discount.
Closing Prices.
' WHEAT-February, 76y 8 -' May, 74y B @74i/4c;
July, 7i%c.
CORN— February, 22S/ 8 @22%c; May, 237/ Brg,8 rg,
24c: July. 25c.
OAT: February. 15% c: May. 167/ July,
1754@17%c.
>oitn— jlay. *8 10: July. f8 22%.
LAUD— May. S4 10. nominal: Jii'y. $4 17%.
KIBS-May, *4 17%; July, $4 27%.
Livestock.
UNION" STOCKYARDS, la, Feb. 26—Al
though this week's receipts of cattle were only
45,000, against 47,845 last week, a bad market
hat been experienced, and prices were weak and
largely 10c per 100 pounds lower. The quality
was poorer than ever and only a small percentage
of the beef steers sold as high as 5. One carload
of extras brought «525 and the next best sale,
were at $515. Exporters and Eastern shippers
have taken hold more sparingly, and this has
given local dresse<i-beef concerns a chance to sup
ply their wauts at slightly lower figures. The
day's market was of the usual Friday order. Only
about 2500 were received, but there was enough
to supply the demand, and prices showed 110 Im
provement.
Hogs have continued to arrive in good numbers
and prices rose to the highest point tiii* wee* that
has been reached in a Ion; tim -, prime weights
bringing $3 70. The quality of the offerings was
never better and the bulk of the hogs»eil within a
! very narrow range and packersare taking all they
; can get. The strength recently displayed received
a check to-day and price* t.rjke about 6 cent* on
receipt* estimated at 31,000. At the 1 decline the ,
market was airly active.
Sheep receipts have not been extensive Ibis
week, having run along pretty evenly with last
week, but were considerab y under those of a year
ago. The demand has continued active at firm
prices, sneep ruling stronger than lambs. Trade
was good at steudv prices to-day.
CATTLE— Receipts. 2600. Fancy beeves, $5 15
@5 35; choice to prime si»er«, S3 W)4ts 10; toad
to choice steers. $4 40© i 75; medium steers,
«4 05f0.4 35; fair beef steers. $3 80@l00; com
mon beef steers. $3 60@3 75: good to prime stock
«?rs an 1 feeder*. $3 no@l 15: common to good
■do. $3 0044 85: bulls, fair to cnoice, $2 25
@2 75: do poor to choice. $« 35@3 60; cows and
heifers, choice to prime, S3 70@4 10: cows, fair
to choice. «2 As<s3 65; do common to fair canners,
*1 75(5®2 «0; calves, eood to fancy. $5 75@6 26
--do common to gooa, $4 2&@5 50: Texas :eJ steers!
lair to choice, $3 60®4 20: Texas cows, bulls and
oxen, v:&@3 60; milkers and sprlngeis, per
head, 9p25@50. '
KOGS-Kecelpts, 31. c00. Heavy packing and
shipping lots, *3 4003 62%: common to choice
mixed. * 3 464»S «5: cnoice assorted. $3 60@
3 70: light. $3 50@3 ,0: pigs *3 2503 70.
b^>/' 1 i ,7 Kecel »' ts - Bv>o °- Inferior to choice.
(2 50(3,4 25; lambs, <3 60®5 20.
Receipts nt Omaha. '.
TOOTH OMAHA. Nebiu. Feb. '26—HOaB_ne
celpts. 2 600. Market slow. 6@Joc lower. LlKhl
and mixed. «3 40@3 50; heary, $3 Ss@s 46. " '
CATTLK - ±t»ce.p:s. 160j. Market about
!«"*•?; fiaslk'o 50 ®* 601 cows> $150 @ 360 =
low^^u-tK^M" 00 - M * rlcet weak to lOc
Receipts at Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY. Mo. Feb. 26— i'ATTI
Receipt,. 8600. Market steady. Nati^TJe.?,d
beefsradei. $«@4 10: cows ana heifers, fa 40®
W 6 .iern% k el J 6^ f S 6 ederß> W 75 ® 4 "-° : *■" M "
LirtH"*! ViSiffti v - 93!<: mar " 1 J0 ° llor*3w ' r
*3 lU®*^ 5 ® 3 42/>; " eaVy ' $3 4L ® 3 45: PUS.
KiiP-Becelpts. 3999. Market steady.
DUN'S REV IK OF TRADE.
NEW YORK. N. Y M FeU. ; ?2B.^n. O. Dnn * CO.
will say to-morrow in ih»>ir weekly review of
trade: Genuine Improvement In business does not
come with a rush like the breaking of a great dam.
he growth for some weeks past has been more en
couragirg because In neaily all lines it has been
Kiadu». and moderate. Kupture of the steel and
iron combinations h » brought out a van quantity
of trade which has been held back and has put
many thousands of men at work, while the slow
but steady gain in other industries has Riven em
ploy m lit to many ihnuaaml more, but the lull
effects will not appear umll th > increased pur
chases by all these swell the distribution of goods.
his comes more »luwiy and later, but Is already
apparent. Certainty re. ardlog ihe future will
help It mightily, and It Is by multitude, expected
with strong hope. .Meanwhile it is substsntlal
ground for confidence that montns which wer^ re
garoed by many in the money market with se lous
apnrehenslon have passed without disturbance
and with steady gain in the condition of the coun
try and treasury. . . ■■■■•;••
It was not to be expected that the excess of ex
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1897.
ports over imports would • continue as large in
January ai It hat been in previous months, and
yet it was surprisingly law. '1 he February re
turns have naturally been less favorable, as cotton
exports fall off a: this season and yet a net in
crease compared with last ear is trifling, while
Increase in imports to be expected at this season
in tinted during the past three, weeks to only
ftiU9,O4o. 'compared with last year, or about '£
per cent. .Nothing in the state of foreign ex
change Indicates that the heavy credits in favor
or Him country have been liquidated or seriously
diminished. '
.Nothing is yet settled about the price of Lake
ore for the coming season, but nome expe 1 for
Mesaba the pri. c of 1895. hie oth rs expect a
lower price, either being at least 20 per cent
lower than the prices of las'. year.
The rapid increase In the coke output In the
Connellsvllle r»gion, which is now over 600,000
tons, gives pros|>ect of moderate cost for fuel ana
the addition of important furnac* s to the produc
ing capacity preventing h tar je rise In Bessemer
PU-. which has nevertheless advanced 10 cents at
1 lttsiurg. with increasing demand. Purchases Of
rails, tstiniatfd at 1.0U0.000 ions within two
•Nee*", whereas the production last year was
1.102.89* tons and the sale* said to be only bOO.
--000, insure- employment for the woi jar ahead,
atrJ I- as tern works are taking desirab.e contracts
at $18 per ton. v
liars an- unchanged, but orders for 900 cars by
one railway, with numerous orders, Increase the
demand, and plates are required tor two great eie-
V«tor* at Chic. go. lmiu.iiaiit contra ts for ex
port continue, and American makers undersell
foreign makers by 70 cents and are selling cot. on
lies below 75 cents, icr which 91 10 wai charged
by Importer* v year ago. .
With leas rapidity but ye', steadily other Indus
tries are gaining. Although brown four-yard
sheetings are an eiglnn lower and print cloths a
sixteenth lower it is found that several cotton
mills re started, not covered by the reaction ai
to print-cloth works which is carried out. In
creasing demand has also started quite a number
01 woolen-mills,' including many making dress
goods and hosiery. The demand fur men's woo.
ens is also somewhat better, especially for heavy
wei lit-, and there are improving sales of better
qualities.
In boots and shoes also growing belief that
prices will not give way has star.cd many more
tihops, although many jobbers will shrink from
the prices asked.
Wheat enjoyed a brief rise, then dropped over
:ic and closed >'v(jC lower for the week.- While
Western receipts were 40 per cent smaller than
last year for the past four weeks, Atlantic ex
ports, flour Included, in the same weeks have
been 6,440,415 1 usti.-K ai:a.nsi 7,143.577 last
year, and the exports of corn have be»n 8.455,835
bu->b».s. agulns. 4.193 282 last year. The In
crease In corn more than makes up In foreign
consumption it the cecrease In wheat.
cotton rose S-16, tuough without material
change in movement.
Stocks have not been demoralized, as some ex
pected in view of investigations, but closed at 2*B
cents hightr tor trusts mid 24 points for railroads,
K«:irouu earnings in three weeks of F Lruury
have been 6.6 percent larger than last year, but
8 8 parent sma ler than in 1892. Chicago • as -
I'uuud tonnage in three weeks or February has
been 26-1,520 against 208,840 last year and 220.
--all in 189 . 1 xchantet through prluwipa clear
ing-houses have averaged for t-cbiuary 7.6 per
cent leas hiinl"Bi year, but these returns by no
means fairly repre&eut the volume of dv« busi
uebs.
allures for the week have been 296 in the
United .-Mates against 2>B last year, and 60 in
Canada against bti last year.
BANK CLKAUIXGS.
NEW YORK. N. V., Feb. 26.— Bank clearing
■otals at the principal cities lor the week ended
February 15, «jui wvuipaxuoos, uj lelegrapned 10
bradstreet'4l
rercentage
Cities. Amount. Inc. Dec.
NewYorlt »427.66U,880 19.5
Boston 70.U2U.164 6.3
Chicago 65.68J.444 ...... 1O.«
Philadelphia 451,955, 11.4
st. Louis. 25.4t»i».30S 28.9
I'lttsburg 1i.973.0t»7 7.2
Baltimore _. 11.1f0.5J-: ...... 4.30
San Francisco 8. 45,915 23 d
KansasClty ».7i7,tisu 3.5
Minneapolis...*. 4,«67.6>t7 11. a
Xi l'»Ui 2,•-:^4.9.6 24.3
Omaha 4,170,758 17.4 ......
Denver _ 1.94. 11.0
Salt Lake *34,602 10.4
Portland, Or *I;..B>}^ 7.3
Los Anceies... 770.530 21.7
fceattle 310.70tJ 12.3
Tacoma 362,445 40 2
hpoKaae.^ 418.80<$ 21 tf
Totals C. 8 8783,420,055 13.4
Ouuiae of New York
Uty » 355,879.195 7.8
DOMINION OP CANADA.
Total. f17,259,4tJ3 3.9
NEW YOUK STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Shares.
Money on call easy at Ui@2v; last loan lV^X
and closing offered at 1 V».V Prime mercantile pa
per 3%. >ar silver, 64%. Mexican dollars, SOs^c.
sterling exchange is firm, with actual business in
bankers' bills at S4 8~&4 851/4 for 60 days and
«4 87Vs@* 871 / i tor demand. 1 osted rate.-, $4 86@
1 88. 'cummerclal bills, $4 83 vi(J4 t4y 2 . Govern
ment bonds strong; state bonds dull; railroad
bonds higher. Silver at the bo&id was quiet.
CIO6INa STOCKS.
Am T«>: & Cable... 86 iNorth American... *Va
Atchlson 14%, Northern Paelflo.. 14i.a
Preferred "3 1 /* i'rrferred -7s /4
Adams Express. ..l 49 {Northwestern. 1047.;,
Alton, Terre Haute 66 j Preferred 15*
American fcxuresslll N V Central. 831/4
American Tobacco 75i/i N Y. Chlcaj:o<tst L 11
Preferred it>i j Ist preferred 70
Bay Btate Has HW 2d preferred. 76V,
Baltimore <fc Ohio.. 15^1 N Y«t N H.. 174
Brunswick Landi. S'glN V <fc New Kng... 37
Buffalo, Kooh AY. l« x /4 NY, Susq & W.... BSA8 S A
Canada Pacific 65 . Preferred 24 Va
Canada Houthern.. 46 Ontario 10
Canton Land Ontario & Western J4f.' 8
Central Pacific 4 Drrgonlmprovmnt— ■ —
Cbes <fc Ohio i 7l ,8 Prelerred —
Chicago Alton 164 Onion Navigation 14
Preferred 172 Oregon Short Lino. 13Vi
Chicago, B * Q.... 747 pacific Mall «5
Chicago &B. 111.... «2 Peona. 1) A Kvans 't
Preferred P5 Plttsburg & W pfd. 15
Chicago Gas . 70 Vi{ Pullman Palace.... 15' i' a
ClevfJt Plttso'ur'g. IQolcksllver 1
Consolidation CoaL 33 | Preferred 12
Consolidated Ua5..153 Beadlnc '■*%
CCC& StLouu... 26 KloGrande&Westa 13
Preferred 75 1 1 referred 381 A
Colo Fuel & Irca.. aUij Rock Island 67V*
erred... ...... 80 !RomeWat<KO?den.H7V4
Cotton Oil Cert.... 12i/48tL<fcMW M 4
Commercial Cable. lt>s > Preferred lOVa
D»lHr.dsmi )07Vj bt Paul Ti>y*
Del LackdtWestrn. 1531*.. Preferred ib3 Vi
Denver & KG IUV» hi Paul & Duluta.. 18
Preferred 41 , Preferred 85
Distillers. '.....— St Paul A Omaha.. 60s/
General Electric... «47/ 8 i Preferred 136
Erie 14i*j6t P M Ail 116
Preferred 34 .Silver Certificates. 64%
Fort Wayne 1»:< Kouthern Pacific. 14/^8
Great Northern Dfdl2o. bout hern X fa, ...... 9
Ureen Bay — . Preferred 283/8
Harlem *93 Sugar Refinery. .. 1
Hocking Coal. * | Preferred 106
Hocking Valley... 4 iTenn Coal & Iron.. 27y 8
Homestakc .... 35 ' Preferred 80
H<t Texas Central Texas Pacific »Vi
Illinois Central.... 83 Tol A A «fc N Mien.
lowa Central ...... 6%'T0l Ohio & Central 15
Preferred 24V,: Preferred..: 50
Kansas <fc Texas... 13 Tol 01 Louis &X 0 6V-,
Preferred 30 Preferred 18Va
Kingston & Peno.. 3 Union Pacific 7Vs
Lake Erie & Westa It3>4 V i' Den ifcUulf.... • vh
Preferred BliVa|l- T K Cordage... '.. — —
Lake Shore... 189V2J Preferred — —
National . Lead 23 Guaranteed
Preferred 89 V 6 Express 37
Longlslamt 46 V 6 Leather a / i
Louisville & Nash. 48 Preferred ........ 69Vs
Louisville, N Aioay Vi V 6 Rubber 20
Preferred lVi Preferred 721,*,
Manhattan C0n.... H»i. riica it B K1ver...150
Memphis <fc Charts 16 Wsi> sL & Pacific. 6*»
Mexican Central... 8% Preferred......... 16%
Michigan Central.. 9. Weiu-Fargo. 100
aiinn&ML Western Union.... t3S/ 8
Preferred — |VVisionsln Central. ; 2 .-.-.
Mlnn&st L com.. 18^1 Wheeling & L£... IV a
Ist preferred 77 1 Preferred 6Vs
preferred 46Va Am Cotton Oil pfd. 64
Missouri Pacific... 20S/ 4 W U Beef 6 s /i
Mobile Ohio 21 Ann Arbor 9
Nashville <t Cnatt. t»7y 8 Preferred .... 24
National Linseed.. 13 ; Brooklyn Traction. VOV-s
KJ Central 97 , Erie 2d pfd. 19Vt
J Norfolk * Westrn. 11 1 . 4 American Spirits.. 16 7 /»
Preterred IUV4] J'rcforr«a S3Vh
IIO11>« 1 OVUS.
Ala Class A 4M-....104 iNurtbern Pac 1 sts . 1 1 6 3 ,4
Do Class 84. 6s. 1041.4 D02d«...... 66V4.
Alabama. Class C. b8 Do 3d*. 87%
Atohison 4s 82V4 DoconsolSs
Do2dsA 47V4 Or Improvmni Ist. 86
Canada south 107 i,i Do 6s. 18
Cen Pac lsts of'» 6. oK&Nlsta. 113
Cherokee 4s. 1896. Docomot 6s —
Do 1897. 103 Vi Orßhort Line 85... 117
DOIBBH 104 Doconsolss 75V4
I)ol899 104 P«ciflc6sof '97 — —
Ches <fc Ohio 65.... 110 Phlla<& Heading 4s bl 3 .'s
Cb&N Pit Kcta6s 421/t, 1 Do Ist pfd Incom. 43Va
I) C 3-668. l(>9Vi It Grande West lsts 7M',i
Den & KG Is; HI-*!* »t LAlronMtOenSs 76
X>0«5..... 88V4 81 L«t sFOen 05..111V2
Erie 2ds US*/* St Paul Consols. ... 132
FtW&DenCity lsts 57i/,;>t PC* Pa lsta ..117
H & SAtij 100 18© Carolina 4Vb5...106V4
Do 7s. ;.. «-6 bomber a X Kos.. 7"V4
Gen EleoDeb6s... 96 Do Pao Cat lsts..lU7
H &Tex Cfut6s...loSV 2 l Tenu new 3s 88
Do con 6s. 104 Texas Pac 15t5..... 8bV 3
lowa Central lsts.. »< < 4 Texas Pac 2d»..... 12 ] ' 3
Kansas Pa Consols 76J/4: Union Pao lsts 96. 104 V a
Ks Pa lsts Den IN v I 10 3 UB 4s reg of 1 925. 122%
La Coiiaol 45........ «ii Do 4s. coupon.... 122%
Missouri fuudlac-..-— D 84s reg of 1907. 111%
M X T 2ds.. 60 Do4s. c0up0n.. ..113
-Do 45..... fc4i£ Do 25..... 85%
Mobile* Ohio 45.. OH Dots, reg 11-<*4
Mutual Union 65.. 110 Do 64. coupon.... 113"/ 4
N J Cent Ocn 65...1 lO l /i Vi fond ing dent... 62V5
N Louis 45105V4 Do registered
or <t West Gen 65120 Do deferred 65... 6 .
N Carolina con 4a. 102 Do trust rcpt stpd 6
Do«s 122 . iWabash Ist 6* 1071,4
KorUiwestConsolit. 140' West bliOrti *» 6Vs
i-ocuu 6s Iliy4
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHEAT IN LIVERPOOL
•. LIVERPOOL, KNG., Feb. 26.-Tbe spot market
is quirt at 6s 6y 2 d@i>s 7d. Cargoes are steady at
83s 1 Vi (1 « sellers, piompt shipment. -
FUTURES.
- - Tbe Produce Exchange cable elves the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: Feb
ruary, 6s l%d; March, 6s 1W1; May, Us 3>/4d;
July, 6a 3y 8 d: ..
.. .>' '" SECUBITIES. "
. LONDON', Knb., Feb. 26.— Consols, 118 16-16;
•liver, 29 U-led; French Rentes, loaf 80c
EXCHANGE AND Bt'tLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — 9* 86%
bierilnit Exchange, sight.. — *8%
Sterling Cables . .. — 489
New York Kxchange, sight" — - 5 ,
New Yor» Exchange, telegraphic. — 27%
Hue silver, per ounce .. — • 645,18
Mexican Dollars... . * .. — 61%
PEODUOE MARKET.
WHEAT AND tTHKR GRAINS.
WHEAT- Rules dull, both on speculative and
shipping account. Quoted at SI 25@1 .52% « ctl
for common grades, «1 SS@l 36*4 f* ctl for aver
age No. 1, «1 371/ aft ctl for choice and «1 42Vs@
1 60 V ctl for extra choice milling.)
CALL BOARD NAI.KS.
IxroEKAt Skssiox— 9:ls o'clock— May— 4ooo
CIS, 91 32%: 2000. $1 323,- : 10.0 JO, »1 82V4;
11.000, $1 i.v 8 : 8000, SI :<3: 41)00, $1 31%:
2000. *1 3154 Deci'inber— 2ool'. $1 17. -
Hrcond Skssion— Deceui ber-2000 ctls. $1 iey 8 :
6000, *1 ltj»i; 4000. fl 16« vi May— l2,tOO,
$1 81%: 4000. *1 318^; 400. , *>i 31%.
Kk<h;i.ak BIoRNINO SKSSION— BOOO CtlS,
91 31»i; 6UOO, »1 31%; 2000, S- 31%.
Aftkrxoon Skssio.v— Mav-4000 CllS, SI 32Vs :
10.000, *1 a 2. December— 2000, *1 16%' 20uU,
B.iKLfcY- Is qniel at the decline. Feed, 72%@
7<i/2C %* ctl: Brewing. 87%@92%c.
OalX BOABU SALES.
Informal skssio>— 9:ls o'clock— No sales. .
BBOOVO >»asioN— No sales.
KwiiiLAii Mobnino - HssioN— May— 2ooo ctls,
73% c. Dt-cember— 2o«<o, 73»4c.
AtTERjs-ooN Session— May— 4ooo ctls, 73V4c.
OATS>— No movement of any consequence. Aim
in, $1 26@140 ~t> ctl: Fancy Feed, SI 37%@1 46:
Common \v hlte, tl@l 10: good to choice. SI 15©
1 35, According to quality; Black for feed. 9Sc@
*1 05; for s'ed. SI 10@l 25: Oray, »1 15@1 30;
Red, $1 10(^1 20; surprise. SI 44@1 50 $ cU.
CORN — Arrivals from the East are steadily de
creasing, but the market rules dull. Large Yel
low. 76@77VaC; Bmall Round do, 90@9.">c; While,
7&<g.Boc ft
KYK-85587%c f*ctl.
BUCKWWJiAT-Quoied at SI 15@1 26 V cU.
FLOIB AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras,
$ 4 85@4 95: Bakers' extras, f4 75@4b5; Super
fine S4@4 35 %i bbl.
COUNMKAI, ETC. --Feed Corn, «17@17 60;
Cracked Corn, SI 7 50@18 f* ton. %
Mliii.STUFFs— Piices In sacks are as follows,
usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour. 92 85
«*. 100 lbs: Rye Flour, iR2 75 %* icO: Rice Flour,
SB 76: Cornmoal, S2@2 2b; extra cream do, 92 73;
oatmeal, S3 60; Oat Groats, 94: Hominy, S3 10
@3SO; Buckwhea Flour. S3 26@3 50; lacked
heal. 93 60: Farina. 94; Whole Wheat Flour,
S3; Rol.ed Oats (bbls). 95 50@5 90: Pearl Barley,
*o7!iiu.4: spilt Peas, S3 60; Ureen do, $1 25 •
100 lbs.
HAS AN I* rEEOSTOFFi.
No further change In any descriptions.
BKAN— SI2 50@13 for the best and 911 50@12
ft ton for outside brands.
IHI l>LJN<;s-9iß@ig for lower grades and
919 60@20 60 V* ton lor the test.
FIiKDSTUKFS — Rolled Barley, f!7@l7 60;
Ol cake Meal a. the mill, $20 &v fi ton; jobbing,
927 50: clipped Oats. 91 30 (*1 50 %i ctL
HAY — Wheat, »8(g.ll: Wheac. and Oat, S7@
10: Oat, S6@9. Bar.»-v. »7(itß 60: River Bade.,
95(gil> 50; Alfalfa, $6@7 50: compressed. $tf(#
V iii); stock, $5(^.6; « lover, *b'i}a "p. ton.
BTRAW-25Cq)50c '?, bale.
MEANS ANI> SKiSDS.
Beans and Seeds drag along at about previous
prices.
BEANS — Kayos, $1 60@l 65 ft ctl: Smait
Whites. $1 10@l 25 %» ctl; Larse hltej, $1 10®
125; I'm fl i(i(a.i 25: Heds. *1 lO.ai 20:
Blackeye, $1 2&®l 35: Ked Kidney, $2 25: I.itnas,
$1 60®l 85: Butters, $1 'Js©l 40; Pea, Cl lu®
1 20.
SEEDS- Brcwn Mustard, «2 6002 75: Ye low
Mustard. *1 7R«2 ft cil: Flax, f1"35(al -10: Ca
nary feed. l^iS^Vic %* tb: Alfalfa. bi/ic; Kape,
2y 2 co!2S,ic; Hemp, ac; Timothy, 4V»c.
I>HlKi' Pkass— Nlles, fl@l Hi «4 ctl; Ureen,
*1 40@l 50 ft oU. •
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
There were the usual fluctuations in Vegetables.
POTATOKS— New Potatoes. 3VaS tt.; sweet
Potatoes, sl@l 75 accord ing to Early Rose.
70®80c; River Reds, 70<a80c: Bnrbank Seedlings.
65C47UC %* ell lor Ktvers.'9oc(ftsl 10 for Salinas and
6f>@B9c lor Petalumas; Uregoa ilurbanks, 75®
$1 10. —
ONIONS— fI 50@l GS"«JcU; Cut Onions, 50cr<4
$1 25; Orecons. $1 78®.'.
VEGETABLES— Plant, 10c ?* Ib: Hothouse
Cucumbers. 60c®$l 25 {< doz; Asparagus t>®lsc t*
Ib lor common Bod2i;®»uc for choice: Rhubarb. *2
@2 60 V box; Los Angeles summer squash, $i(a,
l 26: Los Angeles Green P. ppers, 35@75c: >insb
room«, 10©20 c%t n>: Marrowfat Squash. $6@7 *4
ton: Los Angeles Tom x toes, 26 ?! t>x • Mexi
can Tomatovs. *1 25; Dried Pepper*, 7c %i tt>; Green
Peas, ;-t(o,tic ft Ib: Los Angeles String Beans,
7V;(3-1"-'V*''; Dried Okra. B(n^9c It Ib: Cabbage, 40«
60c 1* c.l; Carrots. i.6(g,3uc ft sack; Garlic, i,.,®
2c "ft Ib. *r -■■ • ; .i.i. ; .
BCTTEIi, CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— The market Is weak and the bulk of
ibe fancy Creamery brings -Oc, though sales at
21c are bein; made.
i kkamkky — Fancy creameries, 20©21 - sec
onds. 17®18c "& tb.
Dairy— Fancy rolls or squares, 15@16c "$ Ib;
goou to choice, 13®14c: lower grades. lOjtl- 1
I'u Ki.KD-13fdlUc i* Ib for old and 16c V B. fur
new.
Fiukin— lS@l4c ft Ib for old and 15c ft Ib for
new.
CRKAMKIIY TUB— I6@I7C ¥ 0).
CHEESE— Contlnu. 8 very weak. Choice mild
new, t>Vfe@,9c "¥ Z>: common 10 good, 7®Bc: Cream
Cheddar, i Ug>l2c Ib; Young America, 9@loc r<
Ib; Western. ll@12c: Eastern, 14(al4i;r.
EGGS— Previous prices rule Kanch j'kks. 12@
13c; store Eggs, 10®llc ft doz; Duck Eggs, 14®
15c. -
POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY— There are still a good many East
ern Hens on the. market at fug. 4 GO. Five cars
will come in n*xt week, hence dealers .expect a
demoralized market. The feeling Is already
weaker In anttcl| ft' lon.
Live Turkeys. 18&14 t* Ib for Gobblers, 13@14c
V Ib lor Hens: Dressed Turkeys. 10@17 V Ib:
Geese. f» pair. $1 60« l 76; Goslings. $2 50<d,3;
Ducks. »4 MJfttD 50 for old and $6@7 for young:
hens. f3 tO«t4 & doz: Roosters, younsr. *5@5 60:
do, old, $3 50&4; Fryers, «6(».% 50: Broilers, *4 60
®5 lor large nod $!!@4 ior small; Pigeons, *.'®
•i 60 * doz for young and $I®l 25 for old.
GAME— Yesteiday's arrivals sold higher. Eng
lish Snipe, $3 71 doz: Jack Snipe, ■ Hare. $1:
Rabbits, (1 60 for Cottontails and $1 26 for small:
Gray Geese. «2 60®3: White Geese, *I@l 25;
Brant, $1 &o@l 75; Honkers. *4.
DECIDUOUS AND CITEUS FRUITS.
A declit c in Mexican Limes Is the only change.
DKCIDUOUS i 1.l ITS—
Apples, Sl(jil B5 V box for choice, $1 50@l 60
for fan' y, 60©9Jc for common.
CURL:-! FltUlTb— Navel Oranges are quotable
at $1 76@2 75 f* box; Seedlings, 75c@$l 25 "$ bx;
Lemons, 6jc<Si!Sl for common and $1 26@1 60 for
good to choice; Mexican Lln^es, $t6O; California
Limes. 75c@?l 25: Bananas, $I@2 it bunch:
I'ioeapples, $'.'(*4 $ doz.
I)i: 1 i:i> FRUITS, KAMSS, NUTS, JiTC.
DRIED FKUIT^-Quotations on the Fruit Ex
change are nominally as follows:
Carm>ad Lots— Apricots, 6®9c for Royals and
II 1 2 (g,l'-ic for choice to lancy MoorparKs: Prunes.
2S/4@3c for the 4 alzes: Peaches, 4@si»4c for
prinie to choice. 6i£@7c for fancy and
»@loc for peeled in boxes: Apoles. 6@
&Vac for evaporated and i@2VsC for snn-drltd;
Pears, 2i^( r 9,ac for prime to Oioic-, 4@sVic for
quarters and 6@6J^c for halves: Plums. 4c for
pitted and iy 2 c for unpitted; Nectarines, 3V«@
4y 2 c for choice and 6V 2 c for fancy; While tius,
8c: Black Kigs, 2i/4@2i / 4,c. , B
: Jobbing Pricks- Peaches, 4i^@s%o & rt>;
! f.n.y 6i^«7Hc 9 lb: peeled. 121^1-^ Apri
cots, by 2 '(i.90 %* ib; lane.-. 10c: MooiparK«, l-.rgi
lac; evuporavd App es, 6»/ 4 c; sun-itiied, 23/i«3c;
Prunes. 3V*fti3i/ 2 c fortbe 4 sizes: Figs, black, 3c lor
impressed and ,><aHy 2 c for pressed: white Flys. 4c;
Piunis, 4y 2 @sc for pitted and li /3 c for unpitted •
>«ctarlnts, 4©tic V lb for prime infancy: Pears
-Vt@se for whole, 4Vi@s\<jC for quarters and 4Vi
@bV 2 c for halves
KAlyiN^—
Carload Pricks — Four-crown, loose, 58' 8 c:
three-crown, 4^,c 9 Ib: two-crown, ' «8/. c ■& Jb
«eedl»-ss Hultanas. seedless Muscmeia, 4S/ :
three-crown London layers. $1 15; clusters, $1 t»t):
JJehesa clusters. $2 6U; Imperial clusters, »3:
dried «r«pe.H. 3c V Ib. «
Jobbing Pricks FRANCisco-Four-crown,
loose, 6X/4C: 3-crown, 4^ic: 2-crown. v We 1 seed
less sultanas, 53/^c; seedless Musca.eia, 4i/wo;
8-crown London layers, $1 25; clusters, $1 tJO-
Dehesa clusters, $2 75: Imperial clusters, $3 J5.
e .n I rs— chestnuts quotable at 8@10c; Walnuts"
6Vi©7c ft Ib for standard and 5@0 y»c ; fj lb for
sot;sh»ll: Almonds, »«(di6V2C for Languedoc, 3®
JV'«<: for hardshell and B«9c 1» lb for papersr.ell;
Peanuts, 4@6c * lb for Eastern and 4c lor Cali
fornia: Hickory Nuts B@6c i? Ib; Pecans. 7V.®
8c V lb: >Ilberta, 7V 8 ®8c: Brazil Nuts, 7y 2 aßc;
Cocoanuts. $B@s 60 V Too. / -?3» oc .
lIO.NEY— 10@12V^c for bright and s@9c
for lower grades; water-white extracted, 6<asi.,<v
light amber extracted, 4}«,@4!«4c; dark amber, 4©
4iAc: daric, V@3c a lb.
BhtbWAX- 22@25c %) lb.
PROVISIONS.
Hams, Bacon and Lard rule firm and dealers
rather look for an advance. : :
CUKED M BATS— Bacon. 6c ~& lb for heavy, 7c
V lb for light medium. 9UjC for light, 10c 9 Ib for
extra light and lly a o ft Ib for sncar-cured. Bas:
eru sugar-cured . Hams, 12@I 2 California
Hams. lU<aiOiAc; Mess Beef, *7@7 50; extra
messdo, *B<SK nO: family do. $9 SUQIO; extra
prime Pork. »v 60&8: : extra clear. «16 V Dbl:
mess, 14 * bbl: Hmokcd Beef, 10c ft Ib.
I,ARI)— Kastern tierces is quoted at 6Vic for
compound ana «r<S6V4c for pure: palls, 7c: • <nll
fornlu tierces. S®si/,c & Ib tor compound and 6V4C
for pure: Dalf-bb!s,6*4c; iO-lb tins, 714 c: do, 5 tt>,
Ty*c vib ■ .
C 01 < Tt)l.ENE_si^@s%c in tierces and 7%®
oy 8 c in 10- tins.
HIDKK, TALLOW, WOOL AXD HOPS
HIDES AND SKINs-Culls f and brands sell lc
under sound stock. Heavy B*lto>l steers are quot
able at 8c 9 ft: medium, 7c » Ib: iicht. 6@6%c:
Cowhides, 6«By a c: salted Kip, 6c *'2>: salted
Calf, 7©Be; salted - Veal, Be; dry Hides, 12Vi©
TTrrm<iiiir*nimiiiiimii«iiihmmi flw ilii - - '
\£?Ji o/^?ff nd i >raad8 ' 2 @loc $ ft.; dry Kip and
"oas- @1 h Oi £f? C ? lf - 16c: CDlls » 1Oc : Ooaiskln,,
2ScP»"m* m;^' dSI &£ **•"*»«», good summer
B^e.rin'-, l^ n .ii u wlnte M«c: Sheepskins,
sbear.inzs. lo@2Oc each; «hon woo!, 'is@33c
each 1 medlum ' 30@«-each; lung wools, 40@60c
Tal-LOW— jf©. 1, rendered)- £@3Vic: >'o. 2,
2 %c: refined. 6c: Grease. 2c ?! ID. *
w b O^- Jacob Wollner's circular says: "The
market for the paai week bus t. mi rather qul-t,
only a few scoured Woo s have been take.i for
Kas.ern account. Two of the scourin;-mills have
shut down since my last report. There is some in
quiry from the East lor scoured Wool, but prices
on- red are lower than the reuse Wool could be
bought for to make them. Eastern markets are
reported quint with v«ry firm tone. 1-ois of for
eign i wools are selling and a good many are com
ing in. . >ome of the wo?len-tuilU have received
orders for nooJs. and It looks as if there will be
a pretty lively demand for woolen goods In the
ne * r ' ul , I "«"t but niins do not want to take orders
io be delivered next fail as they want, to know tirst
now much ■iiity will be pui on the raw material,
very m seems jo be Whltlnc for a laillt. There
»»lar c e»ui)py of lambs and mutton in the mar
ket and the price has dropped 1c *• tb "
7<aioc l « ) : S *" Joaquln - 4 ® 6c : Eastern Oregon,
for d fa '"" tt< * 80 *° r f * ir t0 choc * and 9 @ loc *°>
GKNEBAL MKKHANDISK.
BAGS— Are very arm. Calcutta Grain Eajrs,
spot, sc : June-July delivery. by e; San Quentin,
sc: woollJaga, -4i /J .@J6V 3 .
COAL— Harrison's circular says: "During the
week there have been 15 arrivals trom the north
ern mines with 30,718 tons of i oal and no arrival
trow any lorelgn source. 18,878 tons were shipped
from £rlil»h • olumbiaand 1 J.BIO ions from Ore
gon and Washington. The las. arrival of any for
elen Coal cargo »at on February 4; nil th«te Is
not any scarcity of fue for general uses, thus dem
onstrating we are self-sustaining from the output
or our i oast mines. Yet Coal vmues annually are
established by the prices named for the foreign
importer", which are again regulated by the out
ward freights on grain, as inward Coal freights are
graded by thu wheat, freight rates to Kurope. Busi
ness in the mci line Is repor.eJ fair, wi h values
tending upward, as the inducement for Coal car-!
riers to seek this ion are very discouraging. Mar
ket values locally for ihe net three months will
be entirely control ed b.- the managers of the
northern collieries, as it is to them we must look
almost entirely for our supplies for March, April
ana May. Aftr thai time- we may look for free
arrivals from Australia."
Wellington is quotable at $8: New Wellington,
9H per ton; JSoututleld Wellington. $7 50 V ton:
Seattle, (5 60; Bryant, $5 60; Coos Bay, $4 75
* ton; Wansend, so 50 ■& ton; Cumberland.
$1.1 60 0 ton in bulk aid $15 in sacks: Penn
sylvania, Anthracite Egg. $11@12 i* ton; Welsh
Anthracite. $&ts)JO: Canuel, 48 ton: Hock
tprlng>, castle Uute and Pleasnn: Valley $7 60-
Coke, *11©12 in bulk and *13 tonin sks.
«/vi ; ''~' lnenißrl£etrn1 * 3 firm. Chinese mixed.
$3 6O'ni3 65: No. 1, «:< 75 ©3 90 V ctl: extra -No. 1,
*4 yo«4 50; Hawaiian, si 25«54 37^j; Japan,
•I J H .7. 1 .0.
K-JIA'EH-HUherot $38 t* flask.
BL'iiA-R— The Western >ugar Kenning Comnany
quotes, terms i.etcaih: cube am Crushed, 534 c:
lowdered, sV*i: Fine Crushed. 534 c: Dry Granu
lated, 4%c: Confeciiouers* A, 4%0; Magnolia a,
41/4 C: ; xtrac, *V a c : Golden C. -»c; half barrels
V4C more than barrels and boxes y a c more.
HAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Mutton and Lamb are more plentiful and the
latter is lower. Beef is easy but unchanged. Hogs
are firm at a further advance.
Wholesale rates tor dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows: '. '
■ BKKF- First quality, 6c; second. s@si£c: third
do, 4rg,4Vac 1* lb. .
j VKAL-Lan;.., 6@6c; small, 6@7c $ ID.
MUTTON-Wethera, 6®6V 3 c; Ewes, 6Vi@6c
LAMB— spring, B@9c fi'ib.
.i£ % iK 1 . * t.OKS, 3 Vii@a%c f, Ib for large and
o • / s(g<34c for small and medium; dressed do, 4»i
@t>c t* ID. ' . •/•
KKCKIPTS OF I'RODUCK.
FOR 24 HOURS.
floor, or sk« ... 11,774 1 Middlings. *Ks... 313
Washington... 1,600' I'.uttar. en» _ 37a
« hen., ct15...:.. 840;ch-ei(f. cm "~ 136
lurley. ctls..._ . l,«uO hKf, ow.;.'"" 19,2^0
leans, sks. I.BJO U Idei. no " " 55
Cornells i'flu. bdl». * :
• Eastern........ BtO Wine. pus...^. 61,900
Oats, ctli. 4K5 1 leather, rolls ... 10
Eastern 400 Quicksilver, flsks 144
• Washington... 2,815 Hops, bi5... ... 2
rotatoes, siii..^ i, 634 Shorts, sks 30
Onion* sits ._ Vss Chicory, bbls 15 1
Hay. tons... _ 400 lallow.ctu. 103
Bran, sks l,Slli
FAMILY KKTAIL MAKKET,
Butter and Eegj are cheaper. Turkeys are dearer
and Spring Limb cheaper. Fish shows no change.
Summer Vegetables are In rather better suppy.
Following la Thjs Calls regular weekly ! recall
price Use: -
<T»AI/— PKR TCITT.
Cannel — @10 00 Castle Uate. C 61X310 00
Wellington. . — fell) 00 Pleasant Val 9 60310 00
New Wei- , Soothfleld
lington.... —(310 00 Wellington <a 950
Seattle 7 So@ — Coos Bay... — <a> 676
daisy euoovrr.. ETC. '
Batter, f iinCT. * • I Cheese, Eastern... 16@20
Muare 45f« — Cheese, Swiss . . . .'.20&30
do, f> roll 3!>ra»4o| Common Ekks 12(g>i5
do. g00d. ......... —fts3o nanchK«:gSi»dz...ls<»l7
Pickled roU 3')®- 'Honey, comb, t*H>.l2®ls
*»rKiii -@30j do, extracted.... b<fltl;i
Cheese, Cat- ....... 12® — j
MEATS— PKR FOUNT*.
Bacon 12,-817 ! Pork, fresh... J2@ls
Beef, choice 12@15 Pork, salt. 10@13
• do, good ...... B<a!lU i'ork Chops . 12&15
Corned 8eef....... B<a> — Round steak . 8<a)lO
Ham. Cal 12Wa)15 Sirloin Steak... 12ivl> —
do. Eastern 15<i<il 6 Porterhouse, do. . 17®20
Lard ...12®15 Smoked Beef — (3>15
Mutton B@l2 Pork Sausages. ... — SviU
Spring Limb 15 to — Veal 10<fl>l3
POULTRY AN n OAJCB.
H*ns,e»ch &0» 60 Ducks, each. 6"<a 7. »
Young Hoosv Geese, each.... 1 60&2 50
era. eacn..... 60@ 65; Pigeons, 1* pr.. 60® 60
Old Booster* | Rabbits, %i pr.. 36® 40
each B0i«3 — ill are, eacn..... 16© 20
Fryers, each... 60® 60 Wild Geese.ea. 20® 80
Broilers, each.. — ® 40 KngSnlpe.'Hdz —S3 60
Turkeys, 1* Ib.. 18«& 20
*bpits A!CI> XTJT*.
Almonds, T» Ib 12@16 Limes. "$ doz.. 1201 5
Apples. #Ib „4W 6 Orances, H doz 15®3U
Bananas, $ dos...ls@2o,Kaislns, «i Ih. B<jjjls
Cocoanuts. each... 4<a b Walnu;* f> It) 15® —
Lemons. «4 doz 25®30;
VKSKTABMM.
.A«psracus. ?« tt»..l6(s3oiMr*fat Sqnash.T* Ib 6@IO
ArtichokM,9doz76®l 26|Dried Okra. a tt>..12®15
Beets, Vd08.......12@16!0n10n5, * Ib. . . 4fa> «» '
Beans, white '$tb... 3® 6 Peppers, dried ... 16® —
Colored, lt> i<& 6 do, gre«n. %1 Ib . 10Ca)16
Lima, ft In. i<& Parsnips, * n0z....15@20
Cabbage, each 6<5,10 Potatoes, $> Ib .. 2<a 3
Cauliflowers, each. seallo> on s»w, >Ib 3<ai 4
Celery, V bunch. 6(3 — |Radlshes.^dzbcha.lO@la
tress,9dzbunch3.2u@2& Rhubarb. H Ib 10^i2
(iarllo, $&> Sftß — isacf, t* Ib. ■ 26®35
Green Peas, it C. 6@l() string Beans, -:als
LentUs, Vlb ti© Thyme, Ib 20®30
Lettuce, "^ d0z.. ..15@25 Turnips, i« d05...,16®2U
Mushrooms, •& n-...'_'0(a,35 Tomatoes, '«» a.... lO(g»16
>'18H— PKB pniJND.
Barracuda.. ....... -@— (Shad.. , . 8(310
Carp s<cs WSeaßass *.... — ©12
Codfish 12®16Smelta „ 12@15
Flounders lOto — Soles 10(dH2
Halibut 6 Skates', each 6®16
HerrlnE. sturgeon —012
Klncflsh (?(d)lCtTomcod 12®1.'»
Mackerel 12®16' ; * gal -<flso
do. Horse... — ® — Do. bardsheil, »■-
Perch „ -<a— 100....; "....60@-
Pomuano --a — Crabs, each ...12@15
Kockllsh 12fd>16,Do. softshell, V dz.26S3S
Salmon, smoked... 2o® - Mussels, Tfr qrt-....10®ia
SKlmou, iresU....;. 1 5 Oysters. Cal, 100.40® —
BhxUnps Bia,lo. Do, Eastern, t dx. J6^»4o
THE STOCK MARKET.
There was a slight advance in (.'hollar and Hale
<fe Norcross yesterday, but the other s-.ocks re
mained ahont the same.
On the B>nd (exchange pas and water stocks
were In demand at firmer prices, as will be seen.
The transfer books of the Hale & Norcross Min
ing Company will cot close until March 6. prior to
the annual election, but already some active trans-*
lerrlng of snares has been done. Several brokers
have transferred large amounts of tue stock into
their own names, for the purpose, it Is said, of
waiting for an offer from those who ate fighting
for the control of the mine. ."
The annual meetings of the Pacific and Sunset
Telephone and 'ielegraph compan.es have been
called for March 11. . . . ; .
The stockholders of the Hern . Silver Mining
company of Utah have received- $5,130,000 in
dividends to date, and there is talk of another of
$50,001) being declared soon.
■I he Arizona copper mine paid a dividend of
$48,000 during toe past month, the first in. Us
huiory.
The Da]y;dlviJend of 25c . per share will be paid
on Monday, and the Ontario dividend on the same
day. • - ■ ■ •
The Elkton Con. mine paid a dividend of «20,
--000 on the 20th. - -. • . . T -
The Ilecla Con. mine paid a dividend of $15 000
on the 25th. • . . .
The Highland mine paid a dividend of $20,000
on the 20th. ■ . : ■ ,
The lowa gold mine paid a dividend of 85000 on
the loth. "tiißSQßgtpbplißjQujE
- The Morning star mine of Placer County, Cal.,
has paid a dividend of $9boo this month
- The Western Beet sugar Company will hold Its
annual meeting on the Ist of March.
Ihe Bowlder Mining Company will meet on
March Ji. '.. : •-.-,- -
JEs^Ma'rcT^ Wa:ef C mpßay will •'«*
J^sfffffly^i 111 hold lts
The Alnm.'da and s«n Jonquln Railroad Com-
M*» ch 9 ° . '! S annual meeting in this City on
' ..I. !, 6 I'uclfic LlKhtliiK Company has declared a
dividend of 35 cents, payable March 5. " areu ■
.The report from ilm Mondard Con. lor the week
i* y ?» : mi 6 lev l e>1 ~ 11 * 1 " .' rom crosscut from raise
1, Bullion vein, was tdvancad 1J feet. - Nor, h
drift from crosscut from r»lse 3 on fault seam
shows 1 1 0" 1 " 1 , "1 yet. 3 'B level-Incline
raise H ha 5 ."* lnchM . f ore in th«- top. .North
dr.ft shows 5 Inches of or« and lias been tempora
rily stopped. Blade .rUg, raise 2 has 40 Inches
S ,^ lF h ° re l 'l ' he to £ T ht> north drlft breast ■hows
20 inches of ore. Raise 1 in m the bottom of the
winze has not yet encountered ore. .
336 level— Raising on Irregular bunch of ore In
the hunting wail, It has pinched In the top. Drift
, log north on the wlDie on 18 Inches of ore. Raise
3 has SO inches of fair ore In the top. 380 level—
Cleaned out and re i inhered north drift 4. Bodle
400 . level— Kortuna vein north drift advanced
through bard ground with the vein small but of
good grade. Stopinic— From Bullion vein, 345
level incline vein, 318 level; Black ledge and over
interim.' iste drifts; . 336 level, and from Bulwer
main south drift from -Uaguireveiu and footwall
of 380 level.
- S .u..iiar<! mill statement— < 're crushed for the
week, 300 tonH; average asiay vain <-r tailings,
$8 46; concentrates produced 'Z a /i ions, assay
value $4 45: pint*' uraa.tsm proauced 1062*4
ounces, value per ounce $2 06.
AIMI SALES.
'. Following were the tales in the San Francisco
Mock Board yesterday: .
»'«rUR MORNINU SESSION. COMKKVCISB B:8a
700 Andes I.' 70J 13A8......81!100 Savage.... 3B
50 Jlelcner....:> |
AJ-TKHNOOX BKSSION— '2:3O.
WO A1ta......05|500 Laleda>...ll 200 CC&V...1.P5
i -"«> Anden l'.'|7oJ Choir. ..I. OH 200 Conn.... 1.0 .">
:'OO Belcher... 0 Clmlme. ..45 'JOU H&N...1.10
lOOßenton ...161100 46 300 ' MMU..U
Followlns wera the- tale* in the Pacific Stock
l-oard yesterday:
REGULAR (S»SIOX-10:30l %
60n Aimt*. ....JO 100 Cond. ...1.05|*0) Opblr 80
100 Alt U Imp.. .o:i500 HI
2OOAnrt^..l^Vi:'- > aOO •••- O.iSOJ 0vrmn....10
?P.°, »elch«*....Vt Ml v P01nL...2S 400PotO«l 46
400 8&8....-..81 501) Exchr 04 200 rt«v« c e.... 38
ihH ••••• H> ° " i.r.u. -'oo M 39
40 «u!lioi»._.li 60J 4i. 2300 40
I 2?i2S?.? *— •" :6J H*JNl.oav.3Oo Bcorplon..OJ
200 Clillnjie,..46 900 1.0.:!j0U SB Ail.. .05
JP" •••• 4t 500 Julia 05 3UJ fc-Vev 35
10S0 Ch0Uax ..96500 06 100 Stanrd-.1%
s°" 97200 Justice... 0.20J Union 34
SSS«-C;X-» ■•■»»•■«*» Keniuck..U2!2oo 35
JSO CC&V...2.0C 200 ilex.... »7 7OJ V-Mti OS
00 . 1.97% 40U 36 12OJ X JOJU..SO
**«» 0 1.8&12J0 Occd... 3OU .....31
AFTERNOON SESSION— 2:3O.
400 Atnha 1C 10J caa11g»...46|500 0vrmn....10
MOO AIU.. OS 50 C0nn....1%800 Potosl.. 45
30J Ande«..l2y 2 60 l.OiiVg JOU 43
20 J Belcher... 1000 C Imp ..O^4JJ fc«va«e'..V.4O
I 600 24 200 Crwnl't.,24 500 7.. ...39
200 B& B H2 dOO Kxchqr...O4 500 »*ii iV.V.'.!! S3
300 MJiOD O«tU 41600 34
-, 0 ,, J , ■• 811100 H&MI.U7)* 60 btnrdl!'.L6S
100 8u11i0n.... 12 .00 Ju1ia. .....0n iOJ Uni0n.... .85
400 Caled 11 20J Mexlcan..3s 200 .. ."34
40J Lhoir..._9t 100 0ccu1t:... .07 510 Ulan*".,
*"" ••••• M ZOO Opnlr 81 30J V ....3()
250CCV..1.97i, 2 JOU 80 100 29
2SO L'.OOl
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY," Feb. 26 - 4 p. if.
fill. A»a ai. 'BBglM Bid. A.t/ee<t.
A!r.»i»Ortln.... 08 lOJolta .'.....-. — 06
A"-*. t4 — Justice.'. — «a
Andes. „ 12 Is Kentucfc...^. 01 12
lielchcr 24 2i Mexican 35 37
Best <& Beicas; 80 til Nevada uaaea 14 —
BentouCou.. . 15 OcddeutuU. . 07 09
Bnlllon _ 10 l 2 ophlr. ...„. 79 80
Caledonia, 10 lij'jverman- 09 10
Chollar 96 l.OUU'otosL .. „ 41 43
Con.CalJiVa...l.9s 2.0u ravage. ...... 38 89
Challen«<i (Joa. 44 4C> scorpion. .^. 02 tit
Con. Imperil. 01 l. |s e g. Belchor. 0* 06
Coutideuce.... 1.00 1.06; -liver Hill. ol (2
Con New Voti _ f. .-ierr» -\evn4*. 34 35
Crown Point... -23 24 =tandard 1.55 1.60
tastSierraiM*/ - t4 Syndic*.;* — 1 3
i-.ureuacoa._ - 4ti LnlouU>u..,^ 34 35
txcueouer.... 03 04 tan 05 ta
omui acurry. 40 4. Ujiow j»^4. 28 29
li*.i«;u-Aurcr*Lo6 Llul
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
. . FRIDAY, Feb. 26-2 p. it
UKITED STATES BONDS.
J»n. A Uetti. sul Jtked.
V S4.i conD.ll2 — U B4sreg...loi* 110%
Do&ew wsueli.3 —
JIISCKLLANKOUS BONDS.
Ca'.-stCbleSs. 112 — • .Uiuuu &•.. — 10*
Cal£lecL6s — 131 t»o v:a la 55... — 110' A
CntraUWss 96Va fc73^iumniuustt«..l2l.tiia2i^
Dpnt-stex-cp — i>7V4|P «tO Ry B*. — 113
tdsnL&P6sl29V<i — PAChR>-6s. — 103
F&CHHROsIO6i/ilo7WPwl-3t RR6sll4 119
Gearr-st K5.-1 — lOd iheno.WLitL — 10j
11 & V^s. 10 i — bactoP&L. — 100
lx>SAngL6i — 100 SF&NPRSi.IOI 102
UoGnteed 6s — 101 s>PßßArizßs 92% —
Mltt-BtCble6sl227/ 8 — bPRRCaios. 109 111
liOKy Con t)s. 106^107 sPRRCaISs. — 100
NaiVlnßslst — iOO sPBrRCal6s. BfeiA —
NevCNgß7s.lo3- 105 SV Water Ss. 120 1201 A
NKy Cal bs.looVilo7 - NVWater4s. lOOiAIOH/I
IS Cal oa. — bo SlktnU«Stl£ 100 " 103
*ATKH RTOCKI.
Contra Costa 35 40y 2 isi>rU(; Valley '. 8 £B>A
MarlnCa.... 483,4 — |
«AS AND XLKCTEIO 9 TOCIH.
Capital. — 25 Pacillo Light 49V* 50
Central. 98% — S F G&Klec. S»B3/ 93%
UKlecLieht 8% 9%"-anlranc3CO 2V* «:Va
OakUL&H 53% 84V, "ilOCiCtOU — *U
tax I. as Imp a^Va —~i
IN3UKANCIC stock v
Flreman'sFdl77% — |
COBM»I!'J(At, BAJCK HT(yZK%.
AnKlo-Ca1.... 61 — First Natlonl 181 187%
BankofCal.. — 241 LondonP l ? i —
Cal Co 107^110 MerchEx.... U —
RAVIN.i-i BA.VK rio:xi.
GerSALCo.I2OO 1330 Sav&Loan..' '. io» '
HumbS&L.llOJ ,— " Security... 240 "— V .
Mutual 33 — Ualoa Trust. »2J ,'-—■>*'
btbuv Union — 475 |
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California.. ..lo7 — OakSL<Eila/ _ 103
Grary-st 28% _ l'resldio 48/» _
Marjcet-ac... 43 v -.J'i
«-■»-•"- ftock*. •
Atlantic D... 16 17 iGlantCon.. . 31"«32Vi
Calitornla.... 87V 3 iVigoriu....!. — '° s oc
KasternD.._ 77% 82%1
Hi* 1 ' LUXKOm «TO-;it «.
Alaska Piers. IOSI4IO* |Nat Vln Co. _ pi«,
Lead Co. htl 100 | iceanlcSSCO 24 35
! HawC<feSCa. 15% 2 PacAuxFA — 4
HuichsPCo 241/4 PacßoraxCa — 94
MerExAsso. — lly PalntCo — I
SALES— MORN INO SESSION-.
Board—
10 Alaska Packer*' Association. 103 26
6 Pacific Lighting 40 76
SO SF Gas & Electric Co 93 60
180 SV Water 18 25
$3000 S P Branch Railway Bonds 88 37%
$4000 Market-st Ry Con IX Bond* 103 87%
25 Pacific Lighting 49 60
9 1000 « F A X P Hallway Bonds 10150
SALES— AFTERNOON SESSION.
Board —
40 Giant Powder Con 32 00 •
25 Mar^et-st Railway '" 44 410
$5000 Omnibus Cable Bonds 122 00
25 Pacific Gas Imp.s 6 * 62 50
j 60 s F Gas <£. Electric Co 98 60
»4000 SF4SP Railway Bonds ."."." 101 60
Hl"i>l_
85 SF Gas & Electric Co 98 50
THE DIAE.S OF BOENEO.
Fine Specimens of Humanity Who Fol
low Curium Customs.
Physically the Dyaks of Borneo are a
fine race, and it is said that some ol the
women are pretty even to European eyes,
though many of the ladies would notj
perhaps, be regarded as belles in a Lon
don ballroom. They have great admira
tion Jor fluency of speech and their ora
tory is flowery. The marriage customs
arc very curious, but tne prohibited de
grees (which seem to be strictly ob
servea) are much the same as our own.
A Dyak may not marry his deceased
wile's sister, nor, by the way, may he
marry his first cousin. Divorce is exceed
ingly frequent, and is nearly a matter of
mutual arrangement. Superstition has
almost the force of the law, and when a
couple are newly married, if a deer utter
a cry at night near the house at which
they are living they must separate at
once and finally, or else the death of one
of them would ensue. Yet, notwithstand
ing the lightness of ihe bonds which unite
them, husband and wife are often deeply
devoted to each other; and there is a
story of how, when a man was seized by
an alligator, his wife sprang into the
river shrieking, "Take me also," and
dived down at the spot where she
had seen the alligator sink with his prey.
She swam about in all the places most re
sorted to by the ferocious reptiles in tne
hope of dying with her husband, and it
was with difficulty that her friends forci
bly removed her from the water.
Home of the Dyaks Durn their dead, the
ceremony being accompanied by various
offerings intended to piopitiate the ghost
of the deceased. The tribes by the sen,
however, generally resort to burial, often
after a sort of Jying-in-state to which the
corpse is dressed in clothes richly orna
mented. In one or two districts there is a
custom of letting boats drift out to sea
containing various artic'es belonging io
the deceased, whose soul is supposed in
this way to travel to some unknown world
beyond the ocean. In former days a slave
woman was sometimes chained down in
tries deutb boata and the Malays from
neighboring islands used to b on the
lookout for them, so that they might ob
tain boat, slave and property free of ex
pense. — Newcastle (En-.'. ) Chronicle.
ottA.v si.aju;ks.
Dates of Departure From San Franciico.
STKAMKK |1> STIXATIOX. |
SAILS.
teia:e oi Cat.
Coos Bay
Aoapuico...
Mexico.....
l'omona....
Arcai*.;....
Czarina.....
Queen. ..
. 1- .:|[i'K>
Alamcda.. ..
O.W. Elder
China
H:wita Koaa.
iaraUon....
1'0ri.ana...... t'cu 27.10 am
Newport t-eb '27. t*w
Panama.. Mch 1,12 M
»an Dlbco Mch l.lUii
Humboldtßav Mch 1, 2fk
i.oos liay Mch -2.10am
Coos Hay...... Mch 2.12 v
Vtc<&FgtSnd Mch 2. 9am
Newport....:. Mch 3, Saw
Sydney Mch : 4, ' 2pm
Portland ....... Mch" 4.l«aii
China & Japan Men - 4, Ifm
San Diem Mch 6.11 am
iaqulna isay . Men 10, 9am
no: ik
Pl»r 11
l'K US
Pi»rll
Pier 9
fieri i
tiers '
Her 9 .
i«i»r 11
Pier 7
f-.-r a 4
P M 88
Pier 11
flee 2
STEAMKBS TO AKBIVK.
STEAMER |
Arcana 5
Trackee ...:....
Mexic0.........
Czarina....;...-.
Corona
Cleone
Kraplrs _..
KureKa.
Geo W. Klder..
W'ashteiiHW ....
f-anta Kosa.'.
Walla Walla.'.'.
Crescent City. .
Willamette
A marapoora. ..
San Bias
Coos Bay
Dei Nona
K«r»Hon ....
Coos Jiav......
(jrnj-8 Harbor. .-
-an Diego:....
Coos liny ...... .■
.-inmhoiJ Mar-
Crescent City...
Coos Bay
Newport.......
Portland
I'aroma
*au Die.-a _..'...:
Victoria a- I'ucetSouu i
Crescent City .
5eatt1e...........;.... ■.'
Ocoi '..
t'anama
■*<rwi>ort .-..
"•rays Haroor.
> "an nint h* •
..J-c-b -7
tab .7
..feo ifcK
..Feo .»
tvo -8]
..reD vv
..Fcb '-48
. Mcli 1
...Men 1
MCi J
•..Mch »
" . Men 3
. Mch 3
..Mch 4
..Moh 5
..Mch 5
Mcli 5
Mch 5
M<"i 8
■
XU*: CALL CAL.ESJJA.ii.
Fkbbuaky. 1897.
| Mo.
Tu.
1
iff.
3
Th.j Fr.
TjT
jSa. | Moon's Phase*
a «|G& New Moo;,.
_ W Ken. 1.
13 H^ Flrs Quarrer
Vi/ i? ■h. 9.
20 ■
\fS\ Full Moon
27 Feb - 17 -
- Quarter
j v *-' Kb. 2*.
i
9
10
11
i
11 12
16
17
18 19
18
15
22
23
25
n
I !
SU>, MOOS AND TIDH.
Ottkd STATES coast and GKODFTIC Brjßv*Y.
Times and Heibhts or Hioh avd Low
Waters at JKort Point, E.vtravck to
t?A»f Francisco Bay. Published by OFFI
CIAL AUTHORITY of THK SCPKBIJTIKXDKJIT.
Note- high and low waters occur at the
City Front (Mission-street Wharf) about twenty
five minute* later than ac Fort h"olnt ilie uel;at
Of tide is : li« sama a both placet.
February— lß97.
SaturJa , February 27.
Pnn rises (J. 44 i Moon rises 4.26ak
San sets 8.02; Jloon seta
Time Fee£ Time ' Faet |TJr£e FeBt |
H W| JL Wl H \V
Time
! L W
18 1 2.47
1 8.39
2 «.*S
3 5.10
II \V
4 0.10
5 0.28'
2.0
i.c
{ 8.481
I 9.4-'
i 10.34
11.19
|I. W
i 5.53
I 624
. 5.0 3.06 -0.6|
6.1 3.4s —0.5!
6.1 424 -0.2
CO 5.0U O.l!
4.7 1 6.84 U. 5
H W
1.8 12.05 4.4
1.1 ! la. 46 1 4.1
iIO.M
»1.20
11.48
4.6 l
9
4.6
i 4-6!
L \V
6.06
6.80
.1.0
1.4
ScrtK— In the above exposition of the tides th«
early morning tides are given In the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in th«
order of occurrence a* to time. The second Urn*
column cives the second tide of the day. the third
time column the third tide, and tliv last or right
band column gives the last tide of the day, except
when there are but three tides, as sometlmei
accurs. The heights given are additions to tiis
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign ( — ) precedes ths
height, and then ihe number given Is subtractlv*
from the depth given by the charts.
The Time Ball.
Branch J : ydrooraPhic Office, U. 8. N.*i
Merchants' Eji-iianhk >-
San Francisco. Febrnarv 26. 1897- )
The time ball on Teiegrapn Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-iisy— l. c.. at noon of the ISWtU
meridian, or exactly at 8 p. m., Green wlrh time.
W. s. Hugh«B.
Lieutenant U. s. N.. In ciiar^p.
SHIPPING IMELLIGKSCE.
Arrived.
<,•'-. FRIDAY.' February 28.
Haw stmr San Mateo, Fletcher, 4 day* from
C'omoi; 4050 ions coal, to S i* Co. Oakland
direct.
Hr stmr Wellington, Salrnond, HO hours from
Departure Bay; 2290 tons coal, to X Dunsmuir &
Sons. . .•..:;./ ■-"•
Stmr City of Pnebla, Debney, 5S hours from
Victoria and Puget Sound ports; pass and mdse, to
Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Brig Ltiriine. Bro*n, 22 days from Kahulul;
8790 r>ngs sugar, to Allen <fe Lewis. -
SehrG W Watson, Fried berg, 16 days from Ta
coma; lumber, to Hanson & (Jo.
schr Newark, Beck. 15 nonrs from Bowens
Landing. 160 M ft lumber, to F Heywood.
Bktn Eureka. Pausen, 15 days from New What
com, via Cape Flattery 7 days; lumber, to A A
Baxter.
Schr Arthur I, Krog, 72 nours iroru Iversens
Landing: wood and ties, toN iversen.
Sell.- Eureka. Krlckson, 4 days from Coquille
River; 80 M ft lumber, to McDonald & ulcK.n
non; 130 tons coal, to Carpenter & Kronenberg.
Cleared.
FRIDAY, February 26.
Stmr State of California, Green, Astoria: Goo l
all. Perkins & Co. *
stmr Coos Hay, Hall, Ban Pedro; Uoodall, Per
kins & Co.
■ Brig Consuelo, Jacobsen, Mahukona: J D Spreck
els & Bros Co.
Sailed.
FRIDAY, February 26.
Stmr Weeott. Miller.
Etnir Crescent City, Allen, Crescent City.
Mmr Gipsy. Lei and. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Alcazar, uunderson.
Stmr Scotia. Johnson. Rockport.
Schr Twilight- 1 opfer, ocos, via Mendocino.
fccbr James A Garfleld, Palmuren, TJn%laska.
. Schr Christina Steffeus, Nordllng, Fisk* Mill.
fechr Archie and Fontie. Colstrup, Stewarts Point.
Telegraphic
POINT LOBOS. Feb. ae.-lii » *.— Weatha;
hazy; wind NE; velocity ft mile*.
Charters.
The schr Helen N Kirn ball loads mdse for Ka
hulul; bark Mohican, mdse, for Honolulu.
Miscellaneous.
LONDON, Feb '!9, Br bark Kllmeny, from
Swansea, for Mao Francisco. Coal damaged by an
explosion.
Spoken.
Jan 19— Lat 17 S>, long 30 W, Br ship Royal
Forth, hence Oct 26, for Hull.
Per Eureka— F*d 26, abuit 20 miles west of Ft
Reres. schr Hauler, with 118 sealskins. Wished
to be reported ail well.
' Domestic Ports.
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived Feb 28-Schr
Monterey, hence Feb 26.
j PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Feb 26— Bktn j Undo
John, from I'ort Townsend. . ■
TATOOBH— Pasted Feb 26— Br ship Lyderhoro,
from Chemalnus, for Sydney; ship John C Potter,
from Departure Bay, for san Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Feb 26— stair Noyo,
hence Feb 25.
SEATTI.K— SaiIed Keb 26- Jap stmr Wakanonra
Mara, for Yokohama. . .
EDKEKA- Arrived Feb 26— Stmr Corona,' hnce
Feb 25.
PORT GAMBLE-Sailed Feb '26— Schr John D
Tallant, for Honolulu.
VENTURA— Arrived Feb 26— stmr Weeott, hce
Feb 25, and sailed for Sau Francisco.
REDONDO-Arnved Feb 25— Simr Alcatraz,
from Green wood, and sailed Feb 26, for baa
Francisco.
COOS BAY— Sailed Feb 26-Stmr Empire, for
San Francisco.
Foreign Port».
BIRKENHEAD-Arrived Feb 25— Br ship City
of Benares, hence Nov 2. - . \
CARDIFF— Feb 25— Br barK Maelgwyn
from Orekon.
' FLUSHING— ArrivaI Feb 23— Br brk Cambrian
from Antwerp, for Oregon to land captain who is
sick.
HULL— Arrived Feb 22— Br ship Jane Burrill,
hence Oct 17. ,
QDEKNSTOWN— Feb .25— shift
Sierra Kstrella, from Oregon. I
Heported sailings of Br bark Astoria and JBJ
Sbip Lalhom erroneous. . -"-.*.* ■
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed Feb 25, not previously-*
Nor ship Prince Robert, for Pusret Sound. •- •
AUCh LAND- Arrived Feo 26— simr Mono
wal, hen-* For. 5.
LIVERPOOL- Arrived Feb 25— Br ship Wllheim
Tell, hence Oct 10. ;
Movements of Trans- Atlantic Steamers.
NEW YORK— Arrived Feb 26— Stmr Trave,
from Bremen and -Southampton.
AMSTERDAM— Arrived out F«b 26— Stmr
Schiedam. '
l.< DON*— Sailed Feb 26— Stmr Massachusetts,
for New York.
Importations.
VJCTORIA-Per City of Puebla-3 cs electrical
goods, 3 pkes maw*, 2 sks coin.
Vancimver-500 cs whisky.
New Whatcom— s pigs fnrnitur, 57 plcgs mtse.
Tacoma-1 cs clocks, 400 bars bullion, 57 picss
mdse, 3 bells ' rugs, 16 cs patent' medicine, 1 cs
preserves.
Evere-t— l66 bds ore sacks, 154 bdls snooks; 27
a 71 t-dls paper, too ban lion. 309 rolls paper.
Tacoma wen of Farno— 2so hf-sks HOi sin flour
Portlownsend— 3 a shoes, 2 pk c smdse, Isk
coin. . • .
Tacoma east of Fargo— 2 bxs books.
•.1 uueau — •-' bxs gold bullion.
ramie— lso cs clam jure. . ■*> .--.':
J-eattle-1421 bdls bides. 53 bdls green hides, 25
bdls salt horse, »5 sks tails and g uestock. x bxs
spice. 1 bit blankets. 2916 HKsoas. 121 biU Utr
hides, 138 pkgs mdse, 223 bdls dry hide*, a sVs
peas 9 it! ions coal, 8 pkgs express, 2 *ks coin 9
bxs flsii. ...
Vancouver via C P R K— sl cs tobacco, 24 cs
cigarettes, 10 cs boots and shoes, 25 bbU iast»,'7S4
bxs ldi bbls M milk, 8 ca wooden names 20 ca
uosiery, » cs knit Ri.ods. 13 cs on- goods, lies
underwear, 5 bb s carb ammonia. 175 bbls 10 hf
bbs OJ kegs glucose. 3 bxs copper sheets, 110 Lihi«
starch, 180 buls oil. "° l3
■ .. Consignees. ■ .
Per City of Puebla- C J Lelst Co; FG Conk
lin & Co: Seih Knowles; Bisslnger & Co; London
Pans and American Bank: FredericksDure i> rPW '
cry; Helli-r, Bach man & Co; -North Pacific Tra*
Ing and Packing to: Italian-Swiss .iiooi,- O^oli
Wiley; J A FoUer & Co; Jonn V English- Ci li i
nla Wine Ass i: Kowalsky & Co ; JUbiirti' T
Wallace & Sons: W B Sumner & Co: A HromVd.l"
U sangulnettl: Granucci&Co; M B Mlnra. 11 #i
X Co: Redlngton & Co; Selby Smeltln? "Sd ' 1c A
Co: Lewis Packing Co; Blake, Moffit' & Towne- v
ClUbee; Baker Hamilton: 6tanaard Oil Co- \V
G Richardson: ; TUlmann & Bondel- Apollo Con
Mining . Co ; Wells. Fargo & Co; acii,w Kiln"
k Rhln^nr«° Mt ; SyrUp Co: .Dnff AXJofomtesao
M UcMuV^fa U££\ CamOrDla "? FaC ' WlCOUNTESS BOOTH
HAD A FORTUNE
•: Although Her Trunks
Were Full of Wealth
She Begged.
Go d Coin, Government Bonds
; -• and Mining Stocks Found
by the Heir.
Publication of Her Daath C me to
the Notice o Her Grand
son.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Feb. 26. \
' Mrs. Catherine Booth, the old lady who
di*d about three months ago and who was
a lineal Scotch countess, was really a rich
■woman. Since her death some remarka
. ble facts have come to light, and either
6he must have been very deceitful or else
totally ienorant of the value of her pos
sessions.
For several years before her death she
■was practically supported by charity, and
by means of the Woman's Exchange she
. was able to dispose of some of her family
. 'heirlooms to good advantage. . Alter her
< death the Public Administrator look tem
porary possession of her effects and in a
/ew weens they we re turned over to a
frandson in Vallejo. This grandson, J:
Booth, is a clerk in a grocery-store in that
city and his claim to his grandmother's
property has already been recognized.
His father was at one time a clerk at the
City Hall, but died suddenly of fever
tome years ago, and after that event his
; widow and children moved to Vallejo.
Among her effects was found $23 in
cash, and in her trunk were Government
bonds, twenty-five of which have matured
• and are said to be worth $20,000. and fif
teen more that will mature in 1905. A
large block of Arizona mining stock was
also found, which lust week paid a divi
. dend of 5 per cent. Under these circum
stances the many people who supported
Mrs. Booth in the last few years of her
life are at a loss to understand why these
facts were secreted from them. As the oid
lady was advanced in years and not par
ticularly strong in intellect, it is thou ht
she was not aware of the extent of her
wealth.
The deceased lady had a sister, Mrs. Dr.
Fonda of West Oakland, whom she ac
: cused of secreting letters from her lover
many years ago. The effect of this action
was such that Mr?, Booth remained a
widow nearly all her life, and did not dis
cover her sister's perfidy until after her
dea h. when, on going through her trunk,
■ she lound some of the intercepted letters.
Among i er effects are some Masonic
papers over a century old, which establish
her claim to be a descendant of on* of the
oldest families of the rent isL nobility.
READY FOR THEIR JUBILEE
Students at the State University
WiJJ Da Honor to the
Lezis ators.
A Sp?c al Train Wi.l Rua Down Frcm
Sacram nto Win a Party of
at Lea t 125
BERKELEY, Cal.. Feb. 26.—Every
tning is in readiness at the Slate Univer
sity for te grand celebration to-morrow
in honor of the legislators with the ex
•cention of the new grand stand which is
teing put up especially for the occasion.
Regent Reinstein telegraphed to-day that
a party of at least 125 would come down
from bacramento on a special train. They
are expected to arrive in Berkeley at
about 12:45 o'clock and will be met at the
depot by ihe entire University battalion,
consisting of 700 students, and escorted to
fctiies Hall, wnere a luncheon has been
prov.ded by tho reeenvs. The lunch wjl!
b? serynd by a bevy of co-eds under tne
direction of Miss Centennia Barto, vice
president of the Assoc.ated Women
btudents. Daring the time the guests are
st Stiles Hall the cadets will stack arms
on the parade ground and disband, after
which they will form thn battalion and
prepar» for tho grand review by the Gov
ernor, legislators ami faculty.
A reviewing-stand is being erected on
the baseball diamond. After the military
exercises have b?en completed speeches
from the Governor, Senators, Assembly
men, members of the faculty and students
will be the order. The baseball grand
stands will be used to accommodate the
visitors, while the speakers will give their
addresses from a canopied stand in the
center of the diamond.
it is expected that tho Governor will
brine with Dim his staff attired in full
.uniform.
. After the formal exercises are over there
will be a baseball same on the campus
between the Beskeley nine and the Olym
pics.
STANf OKD TAiES THE NEGATIVE
I Sides Finally Chosen for the Intorcol
;• ;3 1-giate Debate.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 26.— Stan
ford debaters have chosen the negative
side for the intercollegiate debate. The
question for debate, which was chosen by
the University of California and sent
down to Palo Alto a week ago, is as fol
lows: "Resolved, that members of the
Cabinet should have a peat and a voice in
Congress." In both of the intercollegiate
debates which Berkeley has won in the
last two years the University of California
had the negative side of the question.
Many.of the Stanford men have attributed
Berkeley's forensic victorif s in part to the
tactical advantages of the negative side in
the debates. This fact may account to
Borne extent for Stanford's choice for this
year's debate.
The Stanford debater.'— Switzer, Morgan
•and Miss Stebbins— were chosen some
t.me ago. The first preliminaries at
Berkeley will de held on March 10 and
the finals a week later. An unusually
iarf.e number will try for a position in
•the debate.
.Academic Baseball.
. BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 26.— Acad
emic Athletic League, whicn is made up
of all the prominent high j-chools and
academies about the bay, Mas institute! a
*S3ries of baseball games for the league
championship. Inter-Scholastic track ath
letic meets have been he'd annually for a
considerable time past, but baseball games
between the schools are an innovation.
The first of the series will be held to-mor
row morning at 9:30 on the Berkeley dia
mond.
Following are the schools and academies
represented in the league: \■:
- Oakland High. Berkeley High. Boone's Acad
emy, Sacramento High. Stockton High, Bel
mont Academy, Alamedn University Academy,
Hoitt'g Uuriingame »Academy, Se. bourne,
Academy, San Rafael Military, Lowell HUh,
San Francisco Polytechnic, Lick School.
. , ■ Students' * itrnT«canzi.
BERKELEY. Ca.u, Feb. 26. — The
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
Thanksgiving extravaganza, "In Kokopo"
will be presented at the Maciii noiigh
Theater, in Oakland, to-morrow even in-/,
by the students of the State University, as
a fitting climax to the celebration which
will take place on the campus in the after
noon. Nearly all the best seats in the
house have been fold. It will be in the
nature of a benefit to the track athletic
team.
IJr. Alger Arrive*.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 26— Dr. Wil
liam Aiger, the noted Boston divine, who
is to occupy the pulpit of the Berkeley
Uiiit.irian Society temporality, arrived
from the E:ist on the late overland to
iiictit, and i* the guest of Charles M.
Keeler. Dr. Alger will fill the pulpit of
;he society next Sunday morning.
Wants th« Tuberculin Test.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 26.— Dr. Hubert
N. Roweil. Berkeley's Hf-aith Officer, will
appenr be!or;» the Town Board to-morrow
evening to advocate the passage of a law
providing for the application of the tuber
culin test to all cows supplying milk to
the residents of the town.
Elected for Three Years.
OAKLAND, Cal.. Feb. 26 — Congrrga
lion Beth Jacob of this city has unani
mously elected Rev. Dr. If. Linczer as
rabbi for a torm of three year?. The
doctor came to this congregation several
months ago and has mad* himself very
valuable in buildins up the church. He
is also conducting a Hebrew school tor
the younger members, and his efforts
have earned for him the esteem of the
whole congregation. He delivered his
inaugural sermon this arternoon.
WOMEN IN THE FIGHT.
They Will Open the Crusade
Against Saloons on Monday
Afternoon.
Secretary Jacks of the V M. C. A.
Issues a M nifesto on the
Gre^t Issue.
Oakland Office San Francifco Call,)
908 Broadway, Feb. 26. )
The committee of fourteen who has
> charge of tl<e saloon-closing campaign
has decided that active work shall be
opened by the women at the First M. E.
Church on Monday afternoon. This is
the Brat of several meetings planned
for the campaign.
' Noel H. Jacks, secretary of the Y. M.
C. A., has issued the following manifesto:
, Shall the saloon triumph? That is the bu-n*
ing question of the hour in Oakland. The
I young men of tbe association are familiar
: with the recent developments regarding the
control of the saloons in this city, and now we
as voters are called upon to express our opin
ion on the question, "Shall the saloon in
Oakland be banished?" What say you, young
men, one aud all? The Y. M. C. A., as an or
ganization, has always been the out-nnd-ouf
opponent of the saloon, mid as far as we can
speak for the Oakland association, we stand in
that relation to our 200 saloons.
The issue put before trie people by the Coun
cil is not m political but a morn lone; there
tore there should be but one result. All good
people should unite in saying: "Let us banish
from our fair city this man-d.'Stroyine institu
tion." A ss-meeting 01 men will be heM In
our Auditorium next Sunday afternoon at 3:30
o'clock to consider this saloon matter, when
short addresses will be given by Hers. Dr.
Kumrner, Dr. Coyle, C. H. Uobart, James
Small, Dr. Chapman and others. This will be
a live, wide-awake meeting. Coma out and
show your colors and help by your presence.
The Women's Christian Temperance
Union has also entered the fight ana - has ■
appointed a committee of three to confer j
with the workers and see what can be I
done to beip the battle along. There will !
De a mass-meeting conducted by women j
at Y. to. C. A. Hall Monday.
The saloon question is now the most
prominent of any before the candidate*,
and so far not one outside of the Prohibi
tion ticket, whicn usually polls about 8 i
per cent of the vote?, has declared himself. '
A banquet will be given on Saturday
evenine to A. C. Henry, ib« independent ,
candidate lor Mayor. A fine programme
has been prepared, and there will be ten- ;
minute speeches by independent candi- j
dates.
T:>e Democrats held a ma«s-meeting
lost night at Washington Hali, and were
addressed by £>etb Mann, the candidate
for Itoayor. and Thonias P. 'iarrity, candi
date for City Attorney. The Democrats
have arranged for several mass-meetings
next week.
EFFECT OF THE CARSON BATTLE.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 24.— The Corbett-Fitzsiromons spirit has made itself
very apparent, io this city. In children's playgrounds and on vacant lots the de
sire to display a knowledge of fisticuffs is demonstrated eTery hour, and in some
parts of town youth has organized little clubs for the encouragement of the so
called art.
In East Oakland, just across the Eighth-street bridge, in a vacant lot on the
■oath side, there is a gymnasium, which is liberally patronized by what is known
as the "Little Corbett Chib," In the center of the lot is an oak tree, anct from one
of the outspreading branches is suspended a punching bag, atuffed with sand and
horsehair in about equal parts. There are about a dozen members to the club,
whose average age is about ten. The little fellows gather on the lot, strip off their
superfluous clothing and punch the bag with great vigor, while using all the Hang
phrases and ring expressions common to old-time pugilists.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1897.
LIEUTENANT BIRD
MAY YET RESIGN
Sequel to the Flag- Raisin^
at the East Oakland
Church.
Trustee Watson Says That His
Interference Was Quite
Necessary.
Captain Cobb edick R>sents the Stand
Taken by H.s Jan or
Offic:r.
Oakland Office San Frakcipco Call,)
908 Bruad-avay, Feb. 2H. J
The trouble over the flag- raising at the
Eighth-avenue Methodist Church will
proDably end in the resignation of Lieu
tenant Bird of the Boys' Brigade. Trustee
Watson, who was charged by Mr. Bird
with undue interference in the erection of
the flagstaff, asserts that there was no
actual trouble and that Lieutenant Bird
itcted too hastily.
"On behalf of the trustees and official
board of said church," said Mr. Watson
to-day, "as well as of the Boys' Brigade, I
wish to correct the injury already done by
tbe giving out of mistaken information.
I did not stop the flag-raising, but was
heartily in favor of it; but I did insist
that the flagpole should be placed in a
stable position and be properly braced
and rest on brackets. As a trustee I ob
jected to cutting t.e cornice of the church,
as I did not wish the building to be de
faced, and it wa« only when I saw them
preparing to cut a hole in tbe projection
in violation of instructions that I ordered
t. c carpenters to cease."
Captain Cobbledick, who is in charce of
the company at ihe churcn, said to-day :
"There was no discord between tha pastor
and Mr. Watson, and all has been carried
out in harmony. Trustee Watson merely
insisting that the fi igsiaff should hi prop
erly placed. The whole matter arose out
of the statements made by Lieutenant
Bird, which were not in accordance with
the facts."
Lieutenant Bird says that the trouble
over the flag-raising wiil probably end in
his severing hia connection with the com
pany. "I was chairman of the commit
tee," he said, '"that was given full power
to act in this ma'.ter, and we were eoing
ahead when Mr. Watson interfered. I was
a?ked to sign a statement which was not
true, and because I refused to do so tbe
opposition to me has become very active.
There may not be a conflict between Mr.
Watson and the company, but I am of the
opinion that Mr. Watson is not through
with the matter yet. The bill is larger on
account of the trustees interference t Jan
we contract e<l :'or, and he will have to pay
the difference or I wiil know the reason
why." __^^^_^_^___
STOLE A HOUSE.
Charles Scott of Llvermore Tried on a
Novel Charge.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 26.— Charles
Scott is on trial before Ju tge Ogden
charged with having stolen a house, the
property of Sarah Gallagher of Livermore.
Scot is known as one of the terrors of
Liverroore, and some time last July ttie
Gallaghers discovered that a smail houee
in tl. e foothills belonging to them bad
disappeared with all the contents. They
traced thp t lieft to Scott, who was arrested
and charged with stealing the property,
which is valued at $75.
From to-day's testimony it appeared
that fccott lived on property on the offside
of the creek near the Gallagher ranch.
Th«re was a trail from the bouse to Scott's
place, over which it appeared as thougn
some heavy material had been dragged.
On the side of the house something had
been burned to create the impression that
he house might have been burned down.
The lumber from the cabin, it is alleged,
was found in an addition to Scott's aouse.
CHILDREN POISONED.
Three Little Frople Ht Wtit Oakland
Ate Deadly Food.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broad way. Feb. 26. j
Three little children at West Oakland
are in a critical condition, and circum
stances make it appear that they have
been ncciden a;ly poi^pned.
John Joyce of 725 CoiUer street went to a
funeral this morning and when he re
turned his children ware in convulsions
and his wile in hysterics. After their
breakfast the chi dren were sent to pur
chase some crackers from an adjacent
grocory-store. They were each given a
cracker and about an hour Jat«r Mary,
a>;ed 5 years, was seized with spasms A
few minutes afterward Maggie aud Jack
wore also seized with spasms.
Dr. D. D. Crowley was iuramoned and
he stw at oiice that it was probably a case
of poisoning and adopted proper remedies
n hastily a» possible. He was a?si£tecl by
Dr. Medros. but they are unwilling to
m ake a definite statement as to what ailed
the children. They are practically certain
that they will save the little one*' lives.
The source of t ho accident cannot bo
definitely stated, but it is suspec ed that
in some manner they partook of the poison
with the biscuits.
"THE UNITARIAN EBELL"
Rev. Marshall Law Objects to
Dr. Wendte's Claims lor
His Faith.
Publishes Some Caustic Remarks
About Rector Bolton and His
' Ik as.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Feb. 26. f
Rev, Marshall Law, the clergyman wi.o
recently expressed an opinion that news
papers should chares advertising rates for
publishing sermons, has written an edi
torial in the current number of his church
pamphlet which will probably form a
topic for one of the discussions of the
Ebell Society in the near future.
Rector Law says:
We suggest tnat the church people in Oak
land trans:er their patronage to our own St.
Luke's Hospital, in ihe cuy, iind that the la
oies who have uuwituugiy become members
of the U itarian Ebell Society clearly urider
s tan J that by remaiui g members or the Eoell
tuey are Indorsing and tupporiing a social
club which denies the divinity of our L rd,
Jesus Christ. There are enough truly Chris
tian believers among the church ladles of Oak
land who are now in the Ebel! to organize a
social club which has no church coiorinit.
The most of mem thought thay had joined
tuch ii one when they went into the Ebell,
and it must have been a cruel surprise to
them to have Mr. Wend te tear off me mask
lasi week and show mam that by virtue of their
Ebell membership they were claimed in tne
Unitarian fold, aid ro advertised all over this
coast. Verily, whoever plays fast and loose
with either of these extremes will wake to find
themseives snared. "Will you walk into my
parlor? said the spider to the fly."
YORKE ANSWEARS COYLE.
The Chancellor Denies That
This Is a Protestant
Land.
Siys That It Is M n.iy "America, the
L ,nd cf tlie Brave and the
Free."
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 26.— Rev. P. C.
Yorke delivered his postponed address to
night at the Macdonougn Theater in an
swer to Dr. Coyle, wno lectured on "What
Liberty Owes to Rome" two months aco.
The speaker commenced his lecture by
Btatine that he proposed to take up Dr.
Coyle's arraignment of Catholics para
eraph by paragr&ph. He then said in
briel:
It" we could bring our minds to the improba
ble hypothesis ot the Oakland preachers
agreeing on any subject in the heavens above
cr on the earth beneath we might take Dr.
Coyle's i.ronutiotamento as tne official reply of
O iklaud's preacherdom to my ,ast lecture.
Bat ibis is not so, and I presume tbat after a
yrar of Wendie they may apprec.ate a few
months of Coyie.
Dr. Coyle *-ays he has no quarrel with Catho
lics, but bis quarrel is with the church. This
is absurd. He does not attack me, but he at
tacks the mother who bore me. Strange logic
that, indeed. But away with such pretenses.
Dr. Coyle can do no Mich thing, for the two
are Inseparable. Elizabeth haugod Catholics,
not because of. their individual religion, but
because they were loyal to the church, and tne
same persecuting biood flows in Dr. Coyle's
veins. Dr. Coyle is but one of tens of tnou-
EaiKis who have gone up against the churcn
of God, and the blows lrom which evangelical
preacherdom still reels were struck by Protest
ants, who were not afraid to be lair, aud they
have demo.is:raied that the Proteitant revo
lution threw back tbe march of civilization
over 200 years.
What proof has Dr. Coyle brought of his be
lief? He makes assertion after assertion, and
he has traversed history backward and for
ward from the twelfth century even to the
E resent nay. Like the energetic politician he
as' claimed everything in sight, but unlike
the wive politician he has not produced a sin
gle fact to substantiate his claims. You have
beard or read his address, nnd I challenge you
to name a single principle of good govern
ment which he has ascribed to Protestant
teaching. I challenge you to mention a singie
fact in tne history of people struggling to be
free that may with justice be applied to their
religious belief in ihe Refoimti.ioii. He has,
it is true, made a long catalogue of alleged
aggressions by the Catuollc church on non-
Catholic communities.
Suppose every word of it were true, does it
prove that Piotestantism is favorable to the
rights of man? If I prove that Mayor Davie is
the candidate of the -aloon element in this
town does that demonstrate that Mr. Thomas
is the ctiamnion of prohibition? If he wishes
to prove tnai Pro estantit-m is in favor of civil
and religious liberty let lnm show the doc
trines ot Protestantism, or of the leaders of
Protestantism, which make for rhat belief.
Let him explain away the standards of his
own faith and the standards of his own
theology. Let him name a single Protestant
sect in any age or in any country which did
not persecute not only Catholics but all othi-r
Protestants when it had supreme power. Then
we may begin to a ■lmit Ins claims, then we
may begin io believe tnat the preaciiers have
not been the brakes upon the whee.R of
progress, then we may begin to hope that
there U not nud there has not been a gram of
civil liberty, or a measure of religious free
dom, or a concession to popular right, which
the ministers oi Dr. Coyle's denomination and
the men of Dr. Coyie's stamp have not cursed
in Its inception and have not tried to neutral
ize in Us execution.
Your lecture, Dr. Coyle, was spoken for the
purpose of influencing this coming election,
and was spoken for the purpose of influencing
it in favor of bigotry. You are the leader of
those candidates, men and women, who have
giveu their solemn promise that no Catholic
girl shall teach in your Oakland schools. And
in this same connection you say lei in the
light, and yet you exclude the Monitor and
the Star from your library.
Dr. Coyle says that Catholic countries are
not fit to live in. How is thi*? In England
one person in every thirty-nine is a pauper;
in France there is only one pauper in every
145.
But, no doubt, what is at the bottom of all
Dr. coyle's trouble is the United States and
the Pope's Irish. Lt-t me tell Dr. coyle that
the Unite. l states is not a Protestant "country
and its Government is not founded on Pro'.es
tant principles. There are seventy millions of
people in this country, and not fi.teen mil
lions belong to any Protesiant church. There
is not a principle in he Declar.-ition of Inde
pendence that may not be paralleled in the
writings of Catholic* hundreds of years before
Protestantism existed, and there is not a safe
guard of freedom in our constitution which
was not known to our Catholic ancestors.
This country is not a Protestant country nor &
Catholic country. It is America, the home of
the brave and the land of the free.
Anti-Saloon Indorsements.
OAKLAND, Cal.. Feb. 26— The cam
paign committee of the anti-saloon move
ment authorized the publication of the
following indorsements to-night:
Mayor, W. R. Thomas; City Auditor,
R. W. Snow; City Treasurer, Z. T. Gilpin;
Ciiy Attorney, W. A. Dow ; City Engineer,
A. R. Wilson; Councilmen-at-larg?, R.
Wiands, Charles K. Marshall, Bernard C.
Cuvellier, Andrew J. Grecg.
Ward Councilmen — First Ward, ;
Second Ward, F. S, Bodle; Tuird Ward,
M. W. Upton; Fourth VVard, H. G.
Walker; FiMi Ward. W. O. Buckland;
Sixth Ward, D. R. Ford; Seventh Ward,
H. D. Rowe.
Mrs. S. C. Borland was authorized to
call a mass-meeting Monday afternoon at
2 o'clock for women, and appoint a com
mittee of one from each ward and sub
committees of one from each nrecinct, who
should have chaize of and compete a pre
cinct canvass by 6 o'clock Wednesday
night. Meetings will be held every night
next week except Wednesday, in some
public hall or out of doors.
Prepared Judgments Over a Sewer.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 26.— For several
years complaints have been made regard
ing the impurity of the air in the Police
Court chambers. All of the judges who
have occupied the bench for several years
have complained, and Judge Wood a short
time ago was taicen sice from this cause.
T c plumbers have just discovered that a
four-inch pipe from the sewer had been
run up through the floor of the chambers
and there left uncovered. This acted a-<
an open v*nt for sewer gas, which worked
through the floor of th« office. It was
remedied to-day.
New Site for St. .John's.
OAKLAND, Cal.. Feb. 26— Tne vestry
of St. John's Episcopal Cuurch ha* de
cided unanimously to purchase the lot on
the northeast corner of Twelltn and Brush
streets for their new church. Piaus'are.
being drawn for a building of the old Eng
lish style of architecture, which will seat
560 in the auditorium and 300 in the Bun
day-school room, b ilh of which can be
thrown into one room if it were necessary.
The properly on which the burned church
stands has been pl-iced on the market at
$14,000. and the price pail for the new lot
is $2500.
TVllkle's "White Hoat.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 26.— Alfred Wil
kie, the well-known musician,' lost his
boat a tew weeks ago. It was stolen trom
Lake Merntt, and was found in the pos
session of He ary Stanley, who had pur
chased it. A warrant restored tne boat to
the professor, but since it was stolen it
has been painted red, and the music man
asked the Juigt to make an order requir
ing S anley to paint it white again, us it
was when taken away. Judge Wood said
he would do so if any one could show him
that be has the power.
The Alleged Bribery Case.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 26— It is very
probable that nothing more will be
heard of the alleged bribery case before the
Grand Jury. R. C. Wagner of the First
Ward says that the matter was simply an
offhand conversation which was miscon
strued, and which was in the nature of a
joke. The various witnesses declare that
all intimations of corruption are without
foundation.
Corral Hollow Road Opening.
OAKLAND, Cal . Feb. 26T-The prasent
plan of the Alameua and San Joaquin
Railroad provides for a formal opening
next Monday. The road has been com
plete lor several months, but ha* awaiied
the commencement of active operations
at the Corral Ilo;low mines. Everyihinp
is now in working order, and the first
trainload of coal will be moved from Cor
ral Hollow to Stockton on Monday.
Exist Onlr in Her Mind.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 26.— Mrs. Agnes
E. Lewi9, living on Washington street,
nas written a letter to the Chief of Police
telling him of various deep-laid schemes
and piota that criminals are maturing in
this city. The clret lias made an investi
gation and has satisfied himself that the
plos exist only in the old lady ! s imagina
tion.
Mr*. Payne Must Pay.
OAKLAND, Cal., Fib. 26— Mrs. Mary
Payne, who threw another woman out of
the house of the Jailer's son because of a
criticism regarding the dressing of chil
dren, has been denied a new trial. Judge
Wood sentenced the defendant to pay a
fine of $75 in the Police Court, and Judge
Ggden has sustained the sentence The
alternative is thirty-seven days in jail.
Walked Oat of a Window.
OAKLAND. Cal., Feb. 26 — Julius
Renter walked out of a second-story win
dow tonight at the home of bis son, on
Thirtieth street, near Grove. Reuter is 74
years of age, and is somewhat demented.
He was supposed to have retired whan he
fell. At the Receiving Hospital his in
juries were found to be serioua.
Committee* Appointed.
ALAMEDA. Cal.. Feb. 26.— The com
mittees in ciisr c ot the revival services
under the direction of L. W. Munhall,
D.D., are made public to-day for the first
time and consist of the following well
known gentlemen:
General chairman, G. A. Bordwell; general
secretary, James E. Agar.
Pastors— Key. F. P. Bovard, Rev. F. S. Brush,
Rev. H. V. Morgan, Rev. W. W. Scadder, Jr.,
Rev. C. A. Ca noun, Rev. V. E W. Smim, Rev.
J. F. Moody, R?v. C. K. Rich.
Music— J. C. Svendsen, Edward Eckert, E. D.
Craudall, Mrs. M. Clark, Mrs. L. S. Bbaunon,
Mrs. I'rincess Long, Miss Barrowtt.
Personal workers— ll. H. Finch, G. Wittman,
S. A. Ro«s, MIM H. Currle, George R. Reed,
Mrs. U A. Davis, F. \V. Tnompson.
Knance — Wihiain Murray, Dr. Bronson, F.
N. Eckley, J. S. Crowe. F. F. Barratt, Dr. C. A.
Davis, Henry Tuggy.
Advertising— D. S. Buterbauffh, A. L. Adams,
J. H. Miller, T. L. Hierlihy, J. K. Houck, H. W.
Thomas, T. T. Wootlrnff.
Ushers— H. A. Wasiell, L. W. McLauflin.C. L.
Herinaua, J. B. Keid, Richard Houck, T. H.
Speedy.
Repairing the Bridge.
ALAMEDA, Cal , Feb.- 26.— The ex
treme precaution taken by the train bands
in crossing the Alice-street bridge has
caused most of the patron* ot the broad
gauge to take the narrow-gauge trains this
week. This has had a tendency. to over
crowd the small cars. On Monday next
the trains will run from Masiick station
to Fran vale, transferring passengers to
the Seventh-street local. A gang of
bridge-carpenters are at work- on the
bridge, and each train crosses the bridge
no faster than a person could crawl on his
hands and knees. 5885
' A lamed* City Notes.
Richard Line : was held to-day by Justice
Morris in $3000 bull to answer a third charge
of burglary commuted in December, 1895.
F. A. Collyer, district deputy of the Order of
Modern Trojans, la in - Aiameda, and will en
deavor to organize a br&ncu of that order in
this city. ■ '-^HkS
Commencing yesterday morning, a report
from the Weather Bureau in San Francisco
will be received daily at the postoffice end
posted for the information of those interested.
The anti-saloon people are preparing to make
an active campaign for the cause ihey have so
much at heart. Ther count upon cosing up
six saloons in the event of the electors being
permitted to vote ior or against the saloon in
eacii of the precincts.
John E. Mason, a civil engineer of 736 Rail
road avenue, has recived word lrom New
York that a suug tortune has fallen to him
through the death of a Mrs. Smith, who was a
distant relative of his mother, long siiic-j dead.
Fonda for the Expositions.
The question of appropriations for the
Guatemala and Hamburg expositions is not
finally settled. Neither has any conclusion
been reached by the Finance Committee of the
Board of Supervisors on tbe request of tbe
executive committee of the Caruival of the
Golden Gate for funds to be used In promoting
immigration. Auditor Brodrrick appeared
ycs'.erday bciore the committee in reference
to the appro) riations. After some di-russion
the matter was referred to ihe City and County
Attorney for *n op.uio i.
The fac-simile yrf '"i/fifta^-j^- 1 "on every, wrapper
signature of : (.\ tte^/fficuc&M, of CASTOBIA. .
•■■•■■■■■>»- ■"■■■■■-■•-•■ - - -■-■■ ; ' : >fe^ " w
Auction Sales
P. J. BARTB. AUCTIOIEER.
THIS DAY, SATURDAY,
Feb. 27 1897, at 11 a ic.,
AT 414 MCALLISTER ST.,
I am ordered to sell the
Klegant Furniture of a 7-Room Flat,
Consisting of Pnr'or, Bed-oom. Dinlnsr-Hoom
and KitcLien Furniture, tarp«;s. elegant Folding-
Beds and Wardrobe.
P. J. B \ RTH, Auctioneer.
FINDING JOBS
FOR UNEMPLOYED
Supplies Being Issued to
Many Destitute Fam
ilies.
Deserving Cases Cared For by
Men That Have Nothing
Themselves.
Soliciting Cash Subscriptions to the
Boulevard Wcrk Naw to Begin
in Earnest.
As the days drae by without any im
mediate prospect of work for the
majority of the unemployed the men
themselves are gradually developing an
organization that ij one more than in
name alone. They have established an
employment bureau at their headquarters
and they have begun to issue from their
meager larder -mall supplies to different
destitute families represented on the rolls
of the organization.
The citizens' relief committee met yes
terday in the Chamber of Commerce only
to report progress and to receive little
books to be issued to the different district
collectors that will go about in earnest
raising funds for the boulevard work.
So far there is a little over $1100 sub
scribed. The amount received yeserday
by Treasurer Daniel Never was $90. ma<ie
up as follows: Ca*h $10. Daniel Meyer $50,
Bam D., $20, Mrs. M. Langley $10. On
Thurs .ay Mrs. Phelan subscrioed $100 and
Mayor Phelan $250. • In addition to the
cash in hand ther« are said to be promises
as good as cash from A. B. Spreckels for
$300 and from the Ingleside Racetrack for
$500. There are also possibilities that
several hundred dollars promised to the
boulevard association some time since
may be made available for present use.
It was suggested yesterday at the citi
zens' relief committee meeting tiiat a
practical test be made of the members of
a committee of liitv that declined to serve
after being appointed by the Mayor on
the India famine relief cause ou account
of the suffering among the unemployed
in this City.
The employment office established at
the hea :quarters for tne unemployed in
Howard street consists simply in notices
of employment offered posted on the
wall, tne applicants for the job beinn con
sidered in the order of their appearance
before the execuiive officers. So far
tweive men have been found work in
vineyards and orchards, one has been
given employment at upholstering one
elderly man h^s been sent to a place in
the country, and another elderly man has
gone to a city bouse to accept general
work. Four other men have also been
sent out to steady positions. To-day a
man and wife will go into the conntrv to
accept positions' offered through this new
employment bureau. To-day also thirty
of the men will be given work tor the one
day only at handling furniture herein
theC:ty.
President Lefflngwell, speaking yester
day of the beneiits to be derived from the
employment bureau system, assertej that
if the proposed mining project is found
feasible Ha can send from 250 to 300 men
into the mines next week. He is waiting
now to hear from a man who is making
inquiries in the mining resions.
In the afternoon the wagon was taken
out. according to daily custom, and drawn
by over 100 men through several streets in
quest of collections of supplies. A few
sacks of potatoes and a few sacks of beans
were about all that was collected. There
was enough, nowever, in the corumissarv
with this added to maintain the hungry
hundreds until to-night. Beyond that
and aside from to-day's contributions
thera is nothing in sight for to-morrow.
And so it is day by day.
Sieniticantly enough about the time the
wagon is roady to start there seems to be
very few men about headquarters; but
there are always hundreds ol them loiter
ing expectantly aDout »o welcome the
I wagon on its return and the men who
have tramped several miles in draw
ing it.
In addition to. the voluntary workers
who perform the comparatively light task
of drawing the wagon, t ere are about
fifty other men employed about the build
ing. They are giving their services freely,
and their evident industrious spirit, were
it manifested by more of the others, might
be the means of creating a very muc i
more favorable impression upon casual
visitors to the headquarters. The corps
employed in the building and working for
the others without any r numeration or
favor is made up as follows:
Executive department (twenty-six men)— A
president, a vice-president, a recording secre
tary, a financial secretary, an executive com
mittee of twelve, a relief and investigating
committee of five, an auditing committee of
three, and a grievance committee of two.
Commissary department (four men)— A com
ml.*sar>-, an assistant commissary and two
clerks.
Cooking department (twenty-one men)—
Four cooks, four dishwashers, three pantry
men, a steward and nine waiters.
Official department (four «uen)— A sergeant
at-arms, two aignt watchmen and a house
orderly.
Of the 140 cases ie destitute families
requesting relief from the headquarters of
the unemployed ninety of them had up to
last night been served *rith supplies from
the meager commissary of the unem
ployed after the relief committee reported
each particular case worthy of immediate
aitention and in actual distress.
This is what was doled out to an aver
age family of rive, two grown persons and
three children : Five pound • of potatoes.
I 3 pounds of onions, 3 pounds of meat, \%
poun<!s of sugar, 4 pound? of flour, 1 pouni
of coffee, 2 loaves ><t bread, % of a pound
of tea and 3 pounds of bean*.
The relief committee's report shows
that on Thursday it distributed the fol
lowing supplies to families in distress:
Fifty-one pounds of potatoes, 96 pounas of
onions. 23 pou ids of meat, 24 pounds of sugar,
28 pounds of flour, 14 Dounds <if coffee, 21
loaves ot bread, 3 pounds of tea, 38 pounds of
leans, 30 pounds of fi<h. 2 pounds of beans, VI
pounds of rolled oat , 4 pounds of dr.ed fruit .
1 pound oi ricc.Ji of a pound of baiter, 5
pumpkins. 3 mutiou, 6 box s of crackers, 9
cans of tomatoes, 1 can of baking powder, 1
bottle of ammonia, 1 pound of tobacco, 6 coats.
5 vests, 5 pairs of trous-rs, 17 undershirts, 2
cloaks, S pairs of shoes and 1 hat.
Large Mortgage Plaet»d mi Record.
Timothy Hopkins yesterday caused a mort
gage lor $250,000, on the property owned by
him at the corner of Market ana Tenth streets,
Mil CLOXIJVO_ OUT SALE.
THIS DAY. SVItTRD*Y,
•. ■ February 27. 18 7, at 11 A. m .
We Will Sell all Furuit.ir-, Fixtures,
Brlc-H-brac, etc , Belonging to the
I><«]. ana Auction Company,
To close Dusinrss before March 1, consisting of
broideries. Spreads, hand polished Cherry Bed
Set, Walnut Bed set. CHifforers, handsome fa*
> ilfboaid od I Beds and Bureaus, Pic v res. Orna-
ments, counters, shelving and other numerous
articles, also about 100 pounds of Tea.
I.NDIASA AUCTION COMPANY.
H. J. LEUTHOLTZ, Auctioneer.
1057 Market St.. opp. Jonew.
to be placed on record. The mortgage runs
for three years, and bears date of Februiry 25,
1897. The loan was made by the Union Trust
Company.
• — » — «
A NEW OPERA.
John Philip Souga and Charles Klein,
of ' El Capitan" Fame, Have
Again Culaborated.
The successful composer of "El Capi
tan." has written another opera, which
will soon be given an eiaborate produc
tion. It is to be called "Ihe Bride-eiect,"
and is owned by a syndicate of managers,
consisting of Nixon & Zimmerman, Klaw
& Erianger and Ben Stevens. Sousa
wrote the music and Klein wrote the
libretto.
Tne scene is laid on the island of Capri,
and the principal character is a woman.
The managers are busy looking for some
one to originate the part.
In all there will be nine characters. The
niu?ic will be of the soft and pretty style,
with a lew of the Sou«a march' sthrown in.
Sousa and De Wolf Hopper will join
forces next sea>on, Sousa introducing his
band between acts and conducting the or
chestra for Hopper's opera.
jew io-dat:
When I say I care I do not mean merely to stop
thorn for a time and then have them return again. I
moan a radical cure. I have made the disease of
FITS. EPILEPSY or FALLING SICKNESS a life-
long study. I warrant my remedy to cure the worst
cases. Because others have failed is no reason for
not now receiving a cure. Send at once for a treatise-
and a Free Bottle of my infallible remedy. Give Ex-
press and Postoffice address. " .-' ■ . - ' '
MW.B.PEHE,F.D.,4Ceaarst.,itewTo«
«A/i^^^^^^r^_ KHIFE! OR PAIN!
'* = E^^!ilillpiir 60 P»?e Till Cured!!!
"lUWfj] 98 60 pare book free with
K|5J&&-'^^^^^H : home testimonials of many
RH^^ Wonderful Cure* -worst
iMi;^*%^M^^^^k " "omen's. Breasts
,^^P" and Men's I. ips,
//^■F^/ll S. K. CHAM LEY, H.l>.
CO vj^yj VOfflce, 719 M«rk«t St.
San Francisco.
Send to Someone with Cancer
•^^ Dr.j&ibbon's Dispensary,
Oli ") KKAH.VT ST. Established
Hrif*^^i'i 18S4 for the treatment of Private
fHULa^JMg Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
*9R B^disease wearing on bodyand mind and
vB H Skin Diseases. Tbedoctorcureswhen
JM othersfall. Try him. Charges low.
T^WUMBM <v ■ - c natannrd. Callorwrlte.
Sir. J. V. MilßßO9ußoxl9s7.B«aFrauclsctt,
OCEAN TRAVEL.
PACIFIC COAST_STEA»SHIP CO.
STEAMERS LEAVK BKOADWAY AjJL
wharf, San Francisco, as lollows: '^*' i ff?T
For Mary Island, 1 orini,-. Wrangel. Juneau, Kll-
llsnco and Sitlca (Alaska), at 9 a. m. March 12,
17. 22, 27. :
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C.), Port Town-
send, . Seattle, Tacoma. . Everett. Am.rones and
New \V at com (Eeilinjtham Bay, Wash.), 9a. v.
Mar 2, 7. It, 17, 22, 27 and every fifth da» there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P. R.
R., at Tacoma with N. P. R. X., at (Seattle with U.
N. Ky., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For 1 ureka. Area a and Fields Landing (Hum-
boldt Bay), sir. Pomona 2 p. m., March 1, 5, 9, 13,
17. 21. 25. 29 and every fourth day thereafter. .
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, Son Simeon, Cayucos,
Port llarford (San 1 uls Oblspo), Gaviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, ban Pedro, East sai
Pedro . (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. m.
Mar h 8, 7, 11, 15, 19. 23. 27, 31 and every fourth
day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harrorl
(San Luis Oblspo). >anta Barbara, Port Los An-
>eles. Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
a.m. Mcb. 1,5,9, 13, 17, ai, 25, 29 and every fourth
day thereafter. . r
For Ensenada, San Jose del Cabo, Mazailan, La
Paz an* Guaytnas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
a. if. 25th of each month. ■ -
i he Company reserves the right to change with-
out previous notice' steamers, sailing dates and -
hours of sailing. Ticket office— Palace Hotel, 4
New Montgomery street.
OOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen'l Agents.
" 10 Market st., Sau Francisco,
THE O. R. & N. CO.
. DISPATCH FAS>T STEAMERS TO
PORTLAN ID
From Spear-street Wharf, at 10 a. k.
FA T>T?/»lis Firnt-class ) Including
XXJLV.LJi.St> Second-class /berth & oibj:i
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
State of California Feb. 27, Mar. 9. 19. 29
Columbia ................:.. Mar. 4, 14, .4
Througn tickets and through baggage to all
Eastern points. Rates and folders upon applica-
tion to
F. F. CONNOR. nene-al Agont.
630 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS «t CO.. superintenden:i
Sw<^l s> at **■ "• Special parly
PmmmmMuM s. s. austkalia for
HIBIC HONOLULU onlr,
W E ■■■'■ Tuesday, M re i 23,
M™ ' at 2p. m. Special party
cs^^\ • N rates.
SfWniMrinJ lh e S - y - ALAMKD.V
-^SS^C)lM!lljIllM W tails via HONOLULU
*&*&* /nfnFfflPLL. and AUCKLAND for
C^>> • VyillfAllWj^ BYDNKY, Thursday.
varch 4, at 2 ml
Line to ARDIE, Aust.,and CAPETOWN
Booth Africa. - .
J. L). BPKKCKELS A BROS. CO- Asenw.
. 114 Montgomery street. •
Freight Office, 827 MarKet at. ban Francisco,
COIPAGSIE GESEftAL TRASSATIAJTIP I
',"».'. '< ■ French Line to Havre.
nOMPA^V's riKR(NE\V),43 NORTH Jt**Bk
■\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by *™A™H
this line avoid both transit by English railway *a I
the discomfort of. crossing the channel In a small
boat. .New York to Alexandria, Egypc, via Pads,
first class «leo. second class $110.
LACJUaMI'AGNE Feb. 27, 8.30a.ic
LA UA5LU0NK.,;......,..' March 6. sa. it.
LA HKKTAQNK March IS. Ba. St.
LA NORMAN' DIE M»r '.0, 6a. M.
gjf For further particulars apply to
A. FOKGET, Agent.
No. 3. Bowling Green. New Yprfc
'■ 3. F. FUGAZI it CO., Agents, 6 Montgomery
avenue. San Francis O.
«3frfof^K. BAMBURCAMERICA^ LIE
MMmm TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS
*•■ ■.' .> «■!■,"*•_— . Line from New York to
Plymouth (London), Cherbourg. Paris & .Hamburg.
CohmblK, Mar._s, 7am Co uitna. .a, 13. 7am
)f. Blsm-rck,Ap.B. 10am I F.Bismarck. My'27,lOAK
Normaiinla, A r>.-t> 10am i Noriua i la.June'J.lOAM
Han > iirsr-Americaii l-in ■, 7 B'wav.N.Y.
KAHN & HERZOO, Agents, 401 California St.,
San Francisco. Cal. . ■ * .
STOCKTOS STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St..
At 6 P. M. Daily. Freight received tip
to i:3 Of. U.
KB" Accommodations Reserved by Telephone
The only iin» iin, through tickets and giving
through freight rate* to . all poln.s on VuUty
JUilroat!. STKAMER^ :
'T. C. Walker, • ' J. D. Petem, '
Mary Garratt, . City of Stockton.
' 'ielephone Main 80S. < ai. Nay. acd Impt- Cm
FOX VALLKJO AID U. S. KAVY-YARft.
;■•■* BXJb.AMKR . ••MOXTICXXX.O,"
4 Dally ex. Saturday A Sun- 10:30 a. m. and 4 p. m.
i-aturdaya •10:30 a. m., 4 p. at.
buhtlays .,' , ..S F. tb
Landing Mlsslon-str*" Dock. Pier X
- Telephone Blaclc ML
•Trip gives tf hour.H t'.op »t Navy- Yard.
FOR SAUOaE, LOS GATOS& SASTA CRU2
OTKAMER ALVISO LKAVE3 PIER 1 MOV
. O u ay. Wednesday, Friday, at 10 a. m. Alvi«»
1 nesdmy. Thurtdav. .Saturday, at 3 r. uT Fwl,
and Passenger, Far* between San Francisco aoll
Alviso, 50c; to B*n Jose, 76c. «*/ Jl hJiREAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Alexander and Alice M. Warner. to John Bar
tin), lot on N line of Lombard street. 160:11 v *'
of Gongb.-W sby N 137 :-i. $10.
Ger.rude Proll to Anua K. G. Proli. lot on N line
of Oak street, 168 €. of Octnviu. E 'J7:6 by N 120:
also lot on NW corner <>■ Ouk and liough streets,
W '-•'JO. N 130. W 27:6, B 130, W 27:6 N 137:6, X
> 275, 137:6; also lot on .\r: corner of Ciay and
Jon s streets N 137:6 by X 137:6: a so lot on NE
corner Of Wash!" t>: and Front streets, E bO, N
1 60. W 20, S 30. W (-0, S 30: $10.
Mary I. Schiem 10 Enterprise Mutual Building
Rpd Loan Association, lot 0.1 S line of t''Farrell
Street. 175 E of Lacuna, E 25 by h 120: $10.
■ Enterprise Mutual Bunding end i.oao Associa
tion to Maty 1 . fccbiam, same; $10.
* Ji coi) i-piro !o Enterprise Mutual Building and
loan Association, lot on X Man of Lott street, 75
. N Of F-11. S US by i: 81:3 *10.
J.n erprise Mutual Benefit and Loan Associa
tion io Henry -• ever, sane: $10.
'• Henry and Selda M.-yer to Jacob Splro, same;
$10.
Danle^a-id Ellen Einstein to Adelheid Tobbea
boske-, lot on s line of Fulton street, 106 ;3 W 01
Lvon. W 25 i), S 137:8. $10.
MaTy V. 1 lioma< to C, A. Goodyear, lot on W
line of Parser avenue. 12:3 8 of McAllister, S
12:6", W 100, N 12:6. 1: to beginning: $.000.
Sains *lO Mrs. M. K. Nlch 'is. lot on SW corner of
J'arker nvenue and McAllister street, e» 12:6. W
100. N 12:8, E to beginning; 81000. '^-•BI
Bertha Hunger to Williitru F. Davis, lot on S
line of Fourteenth street. 100 E of Castro, E 26 by
116; $10.
- Mary a. Schneider to Antonio an 1 Dora Sea
- lio;;e. lot on W line of Vicksourtt street, 65 Sof
Twenty-third s 41 by « 117 $10.
James K. and Mary Toomey touwen F. Rooney,
•lot bn W line of Sanchez s.reot, 63:9% ti Of
. Twenty-sixth. N 26:1 by \V rO; 810.
.Mary M. Burke to George E. Plummer. lot on N
line of Tw-ntv-s xtn street, 25:10 W of Castro, \V
22:10 by N 114; *10. • ' i -. :
. J. D. or tieorc D. Burke to same, same (quit
claim uced>: $10.-
Augusta K. uibbs to Union Trust Com pan (-is
trustee f^r M"ry Gibbs Keynemonn, wife 01 Alex
der), lo on^Wli >■ <.<t Main street, 183:4 NWof
" I'olsom, N W 45:10 by bW i.-":o (trus. deed). $1.
Aarou anil Clarissa Stem' to Wells, Fargo <& Co..
lot on • corner of >econd and Mission s.reets, NW
157:6 b^ NX 112; $10.
Lizzie D. Knudsen to C. D. Vincent, lot on E cor
ner of Berry and Seventh streets, NE 45 by SE
120; $10.
D O. Mills to Charles L Tilden. lot on N W cor
ner of Fifteenth (hi I'oratlo) and De liaro streets,
N 34t5:9. N\V 70:0%. W 154:6, S 200, k. 100, 5
, 100, E 100 (quitclaim deed): $1.
John c* Byrne <i\x' cv.or, etc.. by H. I. Whelan,
Sheriff) to .Ne.lie Lofcey, lot on E line of Michigan
street, 175 .> of Sierra, .\ 25 by E 100, 52.2^5;
$1515.
. James S. and Catherine T. Bunnell to George
■ and Annie E. Ottson. lot on N line of California
street, 77:9-19 W of Second avenue, N 107:3.04.
W 25. S 1 l0:-'.4 X 25:. 50: *10.
M. H. and I.iilie IS. Hernan to H. A. Jones, lot
on XX corner of Tw^ntv-seventh avenue and C
street. E IBS r>» N 139: $10.
Mary C. and Erik Boes 10 Peter Nielsen, lot 410,
Gift .Map 1; $10.
Amos Mecarme.- to Samuel Davis, lot on N line
of Silver avenue, 360 W of Cougdon street, W 50
by N 110, lot 20, ho 9. College Homestead As
sociation, quitclaim d-*ed: $5. '.--'.
ALAMKDA COUNTY.
Mary St. Jchn to Jonn H. Kempt, lot on S line
of Twenty-fourth street. 100 X of Filbert-, X 25 by
S 107 :b. bring a 1 union of lots 9 and 10, block 2,
Northern Audi ion to Oakland: $315.
Ernes: A. . nd Elizabeth D. He. on to J. V. Em
bur.-, lot. J3. block J. Linda Vista Terrace, Oak
land map-; $ 0 .>?'•<-"•■
M. T. and Frances D. Duslnbury to Emma L.
.Woolver.on (wife of £.). lot 'on » line of Wi s:
Fifth street. 128 E of Adeline, E 44 by S9/, block
47K. Oakland, warranty deed: $10.
John and Mary Wolf t;> Wolf, SVreden <fc Co. (a
corporation), 10. on NX line of East 1 wenty-flrst
.stn-e:. 275 Sjc 01 Twenty-first avenue,' SJ£ 60 by
NE 140, being lots .iS and 39, block 67, map of
northern addition to Brooklyn. East Oakland ; $10
F. W. d'Evelyn toMtry i. d'Eveiyn, same, Ala
mciia,; gilt-
Builders' Contracts.
W. H. Lawler with Lous Cereghrno, to erect a
two-story bull ling on corner of Point Lobos
ard i wenty- fifth avenues; $18(jO: architect, con
• tractor.
Joun F. Ritter with G. W. Hansbrough, to erect
. a one-s.ory cottage on W line of Ninth avenue, 150
Kofi street; $1500; A Wo. din, architect.
HOTEL ASRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
Miss M T Morgan, Pe;a T II Batehelor, Denver
J H Turner <k w.iregon James Williams, cat
G C Koberson w.Cal RSWHIIa .s,< al ■'■:;y
i' Mnrford, lDcits.tle J Martin. Los Angeles
31 V.'li lams ft W. -N V X B Duntox. N V •
C § Jones. Denver Tit Linnant <fe w, Colo
T S tarries, attle Wll Cm.eh «fe w. Con
J Dickinson &w. N V TMark Guston. Cal
Roberts, ba,■>e^sfl^ld GeoDuddage.hakersfleld
Gro Leek, Denver Harry i-amms, Pueblo
John Ward, I resno Pete Hall, I'onland
Pat King, Texas Jim Ryan, Texas
Miss M Murphy. Stoctn Geo hitto. Portland
Jim McGuirk. Sulson C Roosbach, Napa
(i (i ddes, Los Aangeles Kf.ua t.abardt. Sacto
J Inelg-t, Denver 1. shaubert, Mont
W li Hinds, Cal Jeff tonne. l, Los Angeles
Charity Koosback.Cuba .Mrt M v\ all ace, Cal
Paul C Mayford. 11l C d i-um lion, Denver
Miss Davenport, Van C Annie .Miller, B C
G Castete. <ai C Carp?nter, I os Angeles
Miss B Williams, Mont W B Hav«-s, Cal
F W >amm, Nevada J c ilann. Wataonville
J-' serin», Karka B R Cannbin, Nevada
S J Anderson, Nev P Jones. Cal
Jimltyan, I al Sam Palmer, Boston
Cha-ley Ko-s NY C M- zler. Cuba
Miss 11 DeMsr mi Cal Miss M Shelby, Mont
Franc Sam rug, Colo
PA: ACE HOTEL.
Miss Petersonipty, NY J B Redfleld, Chicago
Miss heiirieia, Chicago Mrs Marion, Chicago
Di 1 W Dual °P- *■* F W Butler, Akron
J R\\ right. Akron Mrs c W l)nn:op N V
William Oliver, Pa j a Finch & w, Spokane
W H banborn, S| okane F A Bennett, London NY
A F Hockstßder. S V Miss C Q Hocks:ader,NY
Airs A FHocicstader.NY T J Field. Monterev
H^sl e ley & wife, N V A J libble. San Rafael
H Dibble, San Rafael J W Ro«er. Dave.-jport
J C Boss, Berkeley J P Linkletter. L I
J W Car hurt, Hanford C Henna, Hanford
V H Lefavor,3larelslnd J W Prosser, Davenport
Ira C Boss. Berkeley J < > Llnkleitcr.lianhasiet
J \V Carhart, Stanford . Mrs Linkletter, Manhast
Sirs Carhart, Stanford a F Peck, Eetro t
< co H Macy. NY P F Mohr. N V
E N smiie;.-, Oil City H L Talbot. Boston
C Kracse, NY M G Levy, .Sonora
T li.hanan. 1 hila>ielphla F SKickiord.PhiladelD
J, 1!oll ''"' a ,I'hiladelp Mrsßlckfoid. I'hlladel
? V^ J B»rr»tt, N V J w Pressev, Rochester
L M Robbing. Suisun Mjs Piessey, Rochester
11 T Brantley, Stanford R E Jack, San Luis Obis
P.USS HOUSE.
G Weber & fy. Or L A tlllott. Chicago
li 1 Dou;!aa. Wash li Long <fe w. B C
C FentoD, Csl J Lee & w, Minn
II G center. Uktah \v D nkelsniel, Winters
A. Vi i : in:. mi. (ion sales J Walton, Napa
X A You p. Winter* J a Gill. Inters
T Eldri;e, sen Joss . R Hermann, San Jose .
L J Ira. ., Jtadison J Alansfle.d, Sac
O J. orris, st Louis H <■ Turner. Eureka
Mrs X Uuval &3c, Or T B Sullivan &w, Mont
0 Grater. Mom D T Poi:ara & w, \\ is
v s Madden- , Texas F W Graham. San Jose
1i; Elunch* I, San Jose T W Taivey &. w, Cal
CH > oats Aw, Minn O Jlaye , Minn
II T Eber <t w, S Leando S V Cooper, Santa Rosa
1 A Peacock. a Rafaal T S:over, Banta
C T Ca'on.uet. Colo • H Looney & niece, Cal
<Cap: Hume & «r. Wash HTi an erg. Carson
O a I^wson, Go.d Hill . p H Davij, Santa Kosa
J' J Spencer. lowa Hill « >choi»s, Dunsmuir
Cll jones, Woodland Miss E Hughes, .\ V
Mi F Hught a, N V Mrs L W Cooper, NY :
G Snider, sac •.,.•-■■'■
GRAND HOTEL.
H Hopklnson, Stockton F F rhillips, Kansas City
il Burke, I.os Angeles P. V Sebree, Belmont
A II Randall. San Jose 8 Bliss &w. Troy
M M Jones. Chicaso A M Daniels, San Jose
H P Andrews Led Bluff J M Hamlll, st Paul
"^ a ' 9 ° r Fresno a V .. bite, Stockton
T otdden, cal G Williamson, Oakland
O H iti ash. • Ho'.llster s railo:i, St, Luis Oblspo
W Schneider, Keimont J V Allen, San Jose
A M Mason, Chlcas* 1' < ox Sacramento
T L F i 8nt li l ' ' :eno W *'etcMon A w. t-acto
Mrs l:os«:burih. Petal m JUss Jackson, Petaluma
Mony. ar l ta Cruz P1! Robertson, Seattle
Miss i. " ls ' Sacramnto Miss Bowles. Sacramento
H w Morris, Chicago T A King. Santa Cruz
- t/£"£-. iMOsl>r - - N » W John . San Luis Obispo
t BEdsoD. Gazelle J Bea on. Chicago
M D iellows &w, Lodi T Willis, Kale m, Or
LICK HOUSE.
"JJ 1 / 01 Sacramento J BUevine, Sacramento
C W Fischer, Baa Jose D Hamm, -cattle Kal °
Jtt *,cott, 1 asHdona E DeF Barrier, Su Paul
«- D t. B i 4 , r "'' **'"* Rosa - M 's»« LPeeper.san Jose
W B Uuncan Jr.Orovllle Geo B Nob .- Fresno
■?i ? L - R 4 >SB ' Fowler -Mrs 1 evy&fm.Hfnioon B
X sl«yj The Dalles . J X Stanord,s a nta Clara
B X Kennedy loaho P Lowering. Yuba C it 7
O BJ. gs Jr. Chicago P E Allen. LosAnceles
U Mclh- naa, Portland W X Miller, Seattle
>C ocdbcrry.StHeiena X P Kennedy &w,Vaca V
H>- Cr< s- A wf. Fresno J C Pryor, Eureka
C F Levy, Pasadena .
BALDWIN HOTEL.
H Baldwin, Stcckton W F Koapp. Chlcazo
J J i-andford, Omaha a Julls, Stockton
E Clifford, Bostou C 6 Ward well. Conn
Mrs m Hotchktss. Conn F S Adams, Stockton
Mrs Campbell, San Jose C Kemfer, Ariz
J C Parsons. Bear Creek Mrs Nortlnip, Chicago
. Mrs Wilson, Ch:«>g 0 . J R Lowe, ban Jose
l: McWinn, Colo W B Miller, Sacto
W W P.!:osu. Sacto F Paulsen. Sac o
H i-mith. Woodland C Collins. Woodland
Levy, bacto c Bennett, Fresuo
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
; K5" GOLDEN GATE ENCAMP- ft -
W : -d' ment >a 1, I. ft O. F., meets TO-'V
NIGHT in Encampment Hall, a 1 Patrl-y\
arch* invited to attend. Work In the Gold- f \
en Rule degree. .
W.M. 8.-DUBOIS, Chief Patriarch Pro Tern.
mr^S' CROCKETT LOUGi NO l;i9. F. ft -
■V^C and A. JM.— Officer* and members^V
are requested to attend the funeral of our^K3f
late brother, HUGO J LI US KROfcCHER, AxjrV
B- B. Hall, 121 I'.ddysu.on SATUKDAY.the
27th inst., at 1 :30 P. »L By order of the W. M.
H. FoRTRIfc.DE, Secretary.
OSS* EXCELS IO R DEGREE • \s£W2J/»>
Ot^ Lodge Na 2, I. O. O. F.— Rcgu-^*
lar meeting THIS EVENING. TliirJ
decree will be conferred. . - -^/11\^*-
. - A. K.KINGSFORD, D. M.
•235= COUNCIL CHAMBER OF <\
W3? Winnemucca Tribe No. 61. Imp.'^ki^w
O. B. M.— Bi others: You are requested .^^^- ■
to atteud the funeral of 'Brother OtO. Fo 1 R
of Pawnee Tribe on SUNDAY, at 2p. m., from
iO3OA Sixteen. h B-, near Valencia, . :• . •
p. c. GOBMAN, Sachem.
H. I* SXAcr, C.otß.
MEETING NOTICKS-Continned.
St^S= THE ANNUAL MhETING -OF THE
■**-*'. stockholders of . the Marin County Water
company will be held at the office of the com-
puny, ■ 406 ■ California street- ban Francisco, on
WKDNKSDA V. the 3d day of March, 18f7. at the
hour of 12 o'clock if., for the election of trustees
for the ensuing year and for ihe transaction of
such other business as may rome fore the meet-
Ing. A. DAIiTO HARRISON, Sec retary.
CHI'KCU NOTICES.
|f^gP» HOWARD PRKSBYTERIAN CHURCH,
Dr-J? cor. Oak ana Baker sts.— Rev. F. R. Farraoa,
pastor. Services at 11 a. m. and 7:46 p. M.
Morning subject, "Tbe^gaclte and the Jew: or
the Pot Deve oped," beinir;t he ih rd discours-* in
series on "Es.her." In the evening the monthly
praise service, selection* from » end Issolin by
quartet choir. Miss Charlotte Gruenhagen wl.l
pin • « violin solo. Address, by pastor. ••Mendeis-
(Ohn." .-abbutli-school at 9:3" a. m. Y. P. S. C. K.
at 6:45 p. m. Prayer-meetinj; Wednesday even-
Ing. A.I cordially invited. * s "T^; vV- "*
Sf^S» FIRST PRESBYTERIAN CHUKCH,
I*-*', cor. Van Ness aye. and Sacramento st.— Rev.
Robert Mackenzie, D.D.. • pastor: Rev. Edwin 11. 1
Jcuks, co-pastor. Dr. Mackenzie will preach at
11 a. m. Mr. Jpnks will preach at 7:SO p m.
mn ay-school at 1.:45 P. M : Y. P. S. C. K. at6:l6
p. v. i'raytr-m«eiing Wednesday at BP. m. All
are welcome.
EJt^^» HOWARDST. METHODIST EPISCO-
tt-J^fpal Church, bet. 8 cond and Third sts., two
blocks from Pa ace Hotel. Rev. W. W. Case, D.D..
pastor; Martin i-chultz, musical director; J. W.
W:ii. inc. d y-scnool superintendent. Hours
of public services, 11 a. m and 7:30 p. m.: Sun-
day-school at 12:30: prater meeting Wednesday
evening, 7:45; Epwortti League. 6:3u Sunday
evening; morninz subject. "Sacramental Medi-
tation"; evening subject, "If Folly Were a P in
There Would Bi Groaning In Every Home." Pas-
tor's residence, 140 Hnwthorne st , near the
church. Telephone red 961. Church telephone
black 961. • .
B^gF* SIMPSON MEMORIAL METHODIST
m<*>r Episcopal Church, cor. Hayes and Buchanan
sts.— Rev. John Stephens, pastor; residence, 309
Height st. Preaching at 11 a. m. and 7:3u.p. m.
'1 he pastor will preach at both services. Topic for
morniuc, "Moral JCxotlcs": fo evening,"A Marvel-
ou< Escape from an Awful Imprisonment." Sun-
day-school at 12:30 p.m.. C. B. Perkins superin-
tendent. worth Leacue service at 6:30 p. M.
The public cordially Invited to all the services of
this church. Seats free. Ushers In attendance.
1 rayer-meeilng Wednesday evening at 7:46
o'clock.
R^S=» CENTRAL METHODI-3T EPISCOPAL
CS^C Church. Mission st., bet. S xth ana Sev-
enth— K. R. Dlile, 1i.1)., pastor: J. J. Morris, musi-
cal director; H. M. Bos worth, organist; It. V.
Watt, >unday-jchool superintendent. >oel H.
Jacks of Oaklant will conduct the service at li
a.m.; in the evening Miss do Veiling, org mzer
of the National W. c. T. U. , *ill give an address.
Sunday-school at Ip. m. Young People's Society
of Christian Endeavor at 6:16 P. ic. Seats free.
All invited. : "
H^S» TRINITY M. E. CHURCH. CORNER
S»^^ Sixteenth and Market sis.— Rev. K. F.
Jewell, pastor. Services morning 11 o'clock:
evening .7:30. Sunday-school 12:30 p.m.: John
D>ar. superintendent. The pasio* will prrach
morn ng and evening. Mor.i.n: subject, "Re-
ceiving and Giving": evening prelude, ••Good
Manners"; evening subject. "Ragged Cloaks."
All are cordially iuviied to attend, seals free.
Pastor's residence, 8631 Sixteenth s .
B^S=" THE FIRST UNITARIAN CHUKCH.'
W~& SW. cor. Geary and Franklin sis.— Rev. Dr.
stebbins, minis' The ay-school is at V:45.
Bible-class conducted by Rev. Samuel Slocombe. j
lie morning scrvxe is at 11 o'clock. All are ,
cordially invited. Ihe evening service Is omitted.
gPSS» A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— THK
3^6^ WEEKI V CALL. ID wrapper, for mailing.
•SPECIAL. NOTICES.
ft^> THEY SELL ALL KINDS OF DRY
cr~^ gcods, hosiery, underwear, bed spreads, tow- j
els, table covers, laces, embroidery, linings trim-
mines, veilings, etc., very dieap at Pioneer Dry
Goods Store, lus l-'if.h st.
SfcSJf DR. MYRTLE POTTER HAS REMOVED !
» = *' from IS62a Market to 1346 Market, rm. 27. i
0535» BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4: '
m^J* rolled. ons made: aty or country. PariHc
Collection Co., 415 Montgy St., room 6: tel. 6580.
CSJS* DH. BAZ-.T REMOVED FROM PHE-
<&<&. Jan building to 008 <;«ary St.: t»l. East 957.
SITUATIONS WANTED- FEMALE.
pOMPETENT -PROTESTANT COOK WITH |
\J reference desires a situation. J. F. CROSKTT !
<t Co.. 316Sutterst.
CuMPETENT, TRUSTWORTHY WOMAN
\J wishes to do washing, ironing, cooking or
uousecleaning br the di.y: best references. Mils.
M. CURTIS, 3367 Twenty-sixth St., nr Mission. |
EXPERIENCED, FIRST-CLASS HOUSE- j
Keeper wishes » post Ion; hotel ur private f«m- 1
ily: San Fiancisco or vicinity; high»st city n-fer- I
ences. Addiess B. A., box 72, Cail Office.
ANTED — 1 KIK.SCKD WAITRESS \
If and chambermaid will work for $12 a month {
in country ho el if allowed to ta .c 3-year-old child 1
with her. Address box 452, Hayw^rds, CaL
yOUNG LADY WOULD LIKE POSITION TO
X do sewing or mending: win do hous'keeplng
for the right parly. Call or addrt si 664 Vi Howard
st., room 44.
EASTERN LADY OF KXPE lENCE DE- I
s:rcs a place as housekeeper in hotel, widower's
or bachelor's home: best reference; fond of cni.- 1
dren. 104 Mason st.
YOUNG WIDOW, RECENTLY FROM THE '■
X East. «ante a pace as hou*ek«et>er in hotel or j
bachelor's home preferred; tity or country. Room !
•-'. 223 Post st.
XE FINED LADY WISHES POSITION AS '
It managing housekeeper In widower's home; i
no tritlers wanted. Call 1148 Sutter st., room 35,
third floor.
IMNE GERMAN GIKI.. GOOD COOK, BEST
. reference, wants place in private family. P. s.,
box 160. Call Office.
IDDLE-AGED LADY WISHES POSITION
todo housework an take care of children; ob-
ject good home. 108 sixth .->l. room 16.
TPXPERIENCED STENOGRAPHER AND
tyiewrlter desires situation: will give first
month's woric free for trial. E. S., box 42, Call.
WOMAN WISHES TO DO HOUSEWORK BY
If ihe day, or any kind of work. Call 240 Kltch
St., b-t Bryant ana Bra.. nan.
UUNG Oh RMAN WIDOW DKSIRES POSl-
tion an housekeeper. 38 Eddy st., room 1.
COM P.. TK NT NURt-EGIRL, WITH REFER- i
ences, « lshes position. Please call av'A Larkin
s:., room 22.
U'OEAN WISHES SITUATION TO TAKE
II care of 1 or 2 children; willing to assist. 1 104 a
Clay st.
2 COMPETENT GIRL» "WISH POSITIONS j
£v together: one good cook and good sreona j
worker; cltv or country or mining camp. Address
R. P., box 1, call Office.
IDDLE-AGED LADY WOULD LIKE SlTU-
aiion as housekeeper or take care 'of Invalid;
city or country. 343 Minna st.
A TED- BY J-X. EKIENCED GIRL. A
11 place to do general housework; good cook and
laundress. Address 250% Minna st.
yoUKO GIKL WISHES SITUATION TO AS-
X alst in general housework; $10 a mouth. Ad-
dress 1377 -Minna st.
YOUNG GERMAN WOMAN WISIIhS FOSI-
-x tion to do housework and p ain cooting or up-
stairs work; w..ges $20 10 $25. Call at 824 Capp.
"yOUNO LADY DF.SIKKS TO TAKE IN
X plain sewing. 223 Ma-.cn St., roam 1.
A YOUNG WOMAN WOULD LIKE SITUA-
fion m housekeeper. Call or audreis House-
keeper, 775 Missio 1 su, roam 41.
REFIN l> WIDOW FROM NEW . YORK
would like - a position as typewriter. 157
Seventh st., room 10. seco.jd floor.
Q ITU ATION WANTED AS GOVERNESS OR
0 companion by young lady with seminary and 1
kindergarten diploma. Addiess X. V.. box 33. I
Call Oil.cc.
EASTERN LADY OF EXPKRIEN- E WANTS
a permanent position as housekeeper in lodg-
inc-house or widowers home. Loom 3, 995 Mar-
ket st.
yODNO LADY. FORMERLY IX GOOD CIR-
X cv instances, desires a lucrative 1 osition as
housekeeper, or will do gentlemen's menulng. 120
Kills « 1., room 17, set ond floor; • all after 12.
A MERICAN LADY WANTS POSITION AS
-CX companion an 1 nurse with Invalid; medical
references. 1630 Eddy st., near Stetner (after-
noons).
TI EFINED WOMAN WOULD LIKE To DO
bonaework or chambers l O C in a imall family
App:y 1148 Suiter St.. room 16.
YOUNG WOMAN WOULD LIKE TO DO
X plain sewing at home. 131 Taylor st., room 2.
ESPECTABLK WOMAN WANTS MTUA-
Xt tton to do general housework; city or countir
Address 183 Jessie r. .
"\roUNG WIDOW WANTS A PLACE AS
X housekeeper; city or countr /. 122 Post st
rooai 2. - , .. : , -^ . . "'
1 ADY WISHES SITUATION AS HOUSE-
XJ keeper or care of invald; city or country.
Address 2963 Twenty -secoi.dst. *
DEFINED WOMAN WOULD LIKE SITUA-
±\> tlon as managing house eeper: city or c tin-
try: references. Ca.l or address MRS. WELLER
fcos Post st , :00m 2. :
GERMAN GIRL WISHES SITUATION FOR
VJ cooking and general housework. , Call at 21 5 Vi
Polk *t, iii rear; would lUe to sleep at home.
LDJiiKLY BUT VERY ACTIVE FRENCH
J widow wants situation in . quiet family;: coun-
try preferred: can teach. s»-w and make herself
generally nsetul. Address MME. M., box 65 West
Berkeley.
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FKBKTJAKY 27, 1897.
(SITUATIONS WANTED- Confirm**.
yOUNG WOMAN WOULD like to do
J pain rewing for hotel; willing 10 work for
room an I board. Call 206 FJftb at, room 3.
i ynVXO GERMAN LADY Dhi^IRES POSI-
X tlonaa wor»in< housekeeper. 112 'iayiorsu,
1 room 14. ...
I ADY, MIDDLE-AGED. WANTS A PLACE
XJ as housekeeper. 1608 »teiner su
TWO SWEDISH GIRLS WISH TO DO GEN-
X eral housework. Please call a: 144 Nlntb st.
! ANTED - SITUATION BY AMERICAN
i »' lady and daughter as rook and waitress, or
I moti er would accent si nation an housekeeper;
j country pieierrel. '/.. 15., 2114 lilake St., Berkeley.
I T^XPEKIENCED HOUS'RKi-RPEK (WIDOW)
S-J wants work In widower's or bachelor's ho: e-
huld. with children: tountry rr.-tirred. 88 Ninth
St., room 17: hours 11 a m to 9 r. m.
"L->IRST-CLASS DRESSMAKER WANTS TO
i co out by the day; understands cutting and fli-
inT periectly. Piea>e address MnS. FUK&TER,
1216% Powell s . ■
DRKssMAKER FROM THE EA^T, FlRlST-
class cutter and finer, wan s position as S' am-
j stress; terms modera.e. JIIU M., 612 -<ievensou.
710 LABKIN-BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
I 1«J CALL: tubscrimlons an. naotadi taken.
ÜBSCUIPTIONK AND WANT ADS FOR THE'
Cam, taken at branch oltlce, 339 llayes . au;
j open until «:3j o'clock. ; ■'' '-' ' '
ANT ADS AND SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
f f The Calx, are taken at Branch Ollice. touth-
west corner sixteenth and Mission S'a.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
Marxet: 200 rooms v6c 10 $150 per nl<ht:
$1 60 to $6 per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus and baggage to and from ite terry.
W COR. SIXTEENTH M., NEAR MlS-
sion; branch office of Tit 1 Call. bub-
rf pi ions and w.-nt i.ris taken.
SITUATIONS WANTED MALE.
HUNTER «fe CO.. CHINESE AND JAPANESE
employment office, rt-moved to 6141/3 Califor-
nia St., i.ear Kearuy. Id. main 231.
CHINESE AND JaPaNESK EMPLOYMENT
\J office: best help. 4 14 1/3 O'Farrell. Tel. E. 426.
TAPANESK INTKLLIGKNCE AGENCY. B.
■O 90. St. Ann's bl'c, 8 Eddy st.: tel JVain 5234.
/CHINESE A JAPAN KST'D 20 YKAKS;
Vhelp;teLmaln 1997. BRADLEY C 0. .640 Clay
"\rOUNG man WANTS JOB as PLUMBER
X or wl i v. one as partner on shares. Apply 48
Sacramento St., city.
A PAN EMC BOY WISHES SITUATION TO
do housework In good family or country. Ad-
dress GEORGE TAX ADO, 931 Sacramento st.
©OA BONUS FOR POSITION AS BOOK-
-0 —" keeper, assistant, shipping cierk. Ork
in wholesale house: city reference. Address
H. J. D., 1140 Valencia st.
GENiLEMAN OF MEANS DESIRES TO
v 7 travel for wholesale .boose; most any line:
obj ct, employment while b. coming acquainted
wi h the cc» t mo.-«- than salary. Address
C. VANDtVhKK. Oakland. Cal.
rntMPEItATE MAN OF SO, FIRST-CLASS
X palmer and paper-hanger, handy with tools.
understanding care of horse* and co«s and gen-
-1 eral work on private pace and note : Al refer-
ence; will work very cheap. Painter, box 131,
Call Ollice.
PLACE WANTED BY MAN AND WIFE ON
X ranch; woman gool cook: man good teamster,
understands hor es thoroughly: city or country;
or wt.liiig 10 go separate. | 2.8 Natoma sl
MAN AND WIFE: NO CHILDREN: AMERI-
can: want situation on ranch; woman to
1 coi k; man understands farming, hordes and cows:
references. Address Farmer, 1 ctti.umu.
SITUATION wanted by JAPANESE AS
0 chief rook in he tel; will take charge of dining-
room mid kitiheu ; twenty years' experience; good
referencrs A. 8., box 33, Ca.l Office.
i A MARKET ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
I ~z Call: want ads and subscriptions taken.
MAN AND WIFE (NO CHILDRKN) WANT
place* i 1 country hotel or boarding-house;
wife is good conk and baker, and an understands
kl:cheu aud housework. ■!>& Jessie st.
\\ ANTED — POSITION AS TRAVELING
i» salesman by experienced commercial trav-
-1 eler: moderate salary and commission. Address
I R. P., box 147. Call.
WANTED- POSITION AS ENGINEER- 18
'» years' experience at stationary and marine
wok; highest references. Address Engineer, box
33, Call Offi. c. -:.,
OOD TEAMSTER WANTS A PLACE: SO-
ber; bandy wi.h >ools and willing to do any-
-1 thing. Address R-, box 130. Call.
j yOl'.N'li DANISH COUPL-; WISH SITUA-
j X tion in city or country: go<id references; wife
: good cook; man bandy. 1211 Vs Bush.
GKHMAN WANTS SIT. ATION AS CO AC lI-
VJ man or gardener; thorouzhly understands
both branches. Apply at 603 Third st.
ITUATION WANTED BY FIRST-CLA-S
I O barber: sober, s:eady. Address 8., box. CO,
j Call Office.
ITUATIuN WANTED ON RANCH .BY
I O man, anl wife, no children: man understands
j all about orchard and vinry«rd; also good team-
ater: wlf«> gooJ cook and housekeeper. Address
I A., box 70, tail Office.
I Q*JQ iIAYKS BRANCH OFFICE OF
, *)OO Tuk call; ■übscrlpiioos and waut ads
taken.
j ■vrouNG MAN WANTS A situation AS
I X nulit watchman. Address 913 Howard st.
OUNG MAN 18 WANTS TO DRIVE DELIV-
X cry of any kind: knows city well: can give ref-
erence. Address L 49 Fifth »t., fl«t 2.
ANDY JAPANESE WANTS POSITION AS
janitor, or would wo k In shop or factory:
speaks gcod KugiUa. F. M.. 10 Central ace, off
line si-: with best recommenda:ion.
C97.JIONTOOMK.RY, COKN'ER OF CLAY—
O£di open untl 9:30 o'clock;, branch office of
the Call: subscriptions and want ads. taken.
4 MARKET ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OP TH«
Calx.: want ads and subscriptions taken..
WINCHESTER HOU&E. 44 THIRD hT., Nit.
• > Market: 200 rooms: 25c to *1 &0 per night;
$1 50 to J6 per week: convenient and respectable;
! free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
"DRANCH OFFICE OF CALL, 1«7 NINTH
XJ 6t — Want ads and subscriptions taken.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
COOK, A NDRI.OM, CALL EARLY: GIRL.
J mull Loardinc-riouse, $12 and room: wait-
| ress, no MiiiUny w<rk: pantry-woman. $15 and
room; waitress, (5 a week. MARTIN'S, 749
Market st.
V ■ K-NCHoiRL, family OF 3. see PARTY
r9 to 11, $25. MARTIN'S, 749 Market st.
pOLORED GIRL, $15. MARTIN'S, 749 MAK-
\J ket st.
ERMAN OK SWEDISH GIRL. GOLDEN
Oate aye, $20. M A RUN ' 8, 749 Market st,
p ERMAN OM SWEDISH GIRL: $25. MAR-
VJ TIN'S, 749 Market st.
HOUSEKEEPER, $16; SEE PARTY IN
office, 10 to 12, -MARTIN'S, 749 > arket st,
3 HOUSEKEEPERS. MARTIN'S, 749 MAR-
ket st.
IF.ONER, STKAM LAUNDRY, $10 A WEEK.
MARTIN'S. 749 Market sU
HEAD WAITRESS. $25 AND ROOM. MAR-
T.N'S. 749 Market at
EAT HOCHJCWO&K GIRL. $30; C00K." 535-
-10 housework girls, city and country,, $2 . to
$25: 8 young g:rlg. assist, $10 10 $15. MISS
Cl LLEN, 323 Sutlers'. ...
j ATEAT HOUSEWORK GIRL, » IN FAMILY.
Xi $25, Stockton; housework. . Sonera, *25
MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutt.r st. ■ "
MOTHER AND DAUGHTER AS COOK AND
waist; $30; see lady hero. MISS CULLEN.
323 Suiter st. --.
T A UNDRESS, $30; WAITRESS, PRIVATE
XJ family, $21 K MIU CULLEN, 323 «<uttpr St. . .
IfRENCH SECOND GIRL, $25. MISS CULLEN,
X I 323 suiter St..
VTEAT GIRL AH COMPANION. $10; COUN-
Ii try. MISS CULLEN. 328 Sutler st.
PROTEST ANT, SECOND GIRL. COUNTRY,
X $20; German nrr«e, $25: German or Scandi-
navian laundress and chambermaid, «25; 3 cooks.
German s yle, $'.'5 and $30: chambermaid and
w«ltres«. country hotel, $J0: restaurant waitress.
$25;. and a large number of eirls for cooking and
housework. . J. F. 1 KOM-.l T * CO., 316 Sutler.
' BENCH GIRL, SECOND WORK, $20; COOK.
X private family, country, $25: 4 elds for house-
work, $25 an 1 $20; .2 nurseulrls, $10: Irish girl,
for country, $15, fare paid; German girl, house-
work, $10; n iddU-i b« a woman, hotel, $12. C. 1;.
HA.NStN & CO., 110 Geary st.
GOOD PLMN COOK AND HOUSEWORK.
American family,' country town. 110: house-
work Kris, couutrr: young uurseglil. etc. Ml i;-
Ray & READY'S, Leaulng Employment Agents,
634 636 Clay st. -
1(\ GIRLS ■ FOR HOUSEWO :K. SMALL
lv American families, wages $15 to $26. MRS.
KIKD. 7.1 tills st.
L-RENCH CHAMBERMAID AND SEWING.
X $20, see lady at JO a M. : North German cham-
bermaid and stwlug. ViO; 3t-wedlsh and German
Kris, $20, $25; German woman cook, »bo t dis-
tance, $20. 'Employment Ollice. 306 Mason st. '
OF ICE 1 EE DEDUCED 25 CENTS; I.IRLB
of all nationalities wanted to fill various post-
tions, rtnan Employment Office, 806 Mason st.
HKI.P Wanted- contit»n— *:
POOD STRONG GIRL FOR GENERAL
y huus'wor*; German preferred: wages $20.
Apply 113 Cappst.
YOU.SO GIRL FOR GENERAL HOTSE-
A work; »tiillyof3; Protestant. 1698i'«sesu
GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK. 253
Stevenson st , room 53.
I.ADY AGI-NTS WANTED -GOOD TALK-
-j erscan mafei; $5 a day. . 1227 Fell sU
GEItMAN GIKL OF 14 T.* TAKE CARE OF
children. 719yfr Franklin; call be. we. n 10-2.
"VTKAT GIHL FOR LIGHT Ho. SKWORK;
-Li must understand cooking: family 3 1117 Turk.
■\\ NT. V— A WETNUKBE. APPLY TO DR.:
»' KREUiZMANN, 1023 Suiter, at 3:30 p. If. »
GIRi ; 2 IN F MILY; MIND BABY; $10 A
month. 237 Fair Oaks St.. nr. Twenty-fourth.
GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK: t.Bß-
man or German-sDeaklng preferred: family of
thr c. 8 -Ul es court, off California St., nr. Powell.
"V \r A >*'I ED— GERMAN OR SWEDISH GIKL
"" for housework: plain washing; wages »15;
references. 710 Hyde st.
NKAT, TIDY GIP.L; HOUSEWIIRK, PLAIN
cook; family 2; $10. Address N. T., box 107.
Call.
GERMAN GIRL IN GERMAN FAMILY;
VJ general housework: $20. 933 Haight St.
LEW LADIfcS TO ENGAGE IN A GOOD-
x paying business: must deposi $5 as guarantee
of ».ood rath Call at 905 Market St., room 55,
bet. 10 a. it and 2 p. v.
"EXPERIENCED OPERATORS ON FLAN-
x_inel overshirts and underwear. Us.VI
STRAUSS & CO., 321^ Fremont si.
T EARN DRESSCUTTING AND MILLINERY;
•TT* 1 . per week; •unlimited lessons: patterni
-:sc. McDowell Dressmaking School. 636 Market
MOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTaBLK;
Winchester Hoos*. 44 Third si., near Market:
-'OU rooms: 25c to $1 &J per night; $1 60 to $6
per week: free 'bus and baggage to and trom ferry.
r»-| C LA It KIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
' JJ -'-' Call: subscriptions and ant ads. taken.
1/»LYNN'S DRESSMAKING AND CUTTLN'U
A , Academy. 14 McAllister su: $1 a week.
~X\r ANTED— IO YOUNG LADIES TO LEARN
•» barber trade: shop to open May 1. .Particu-
lars call 138^ Eighth st., S. F. Barber College.
m NINTH BRANCH OFFICE OF
xi v Tux Calli subscrlptloa and want ada
taken.
MALE HELP WANTED.
TV"ANTED— AUGU-T PREEN, THE BLACK-
" smith, please call: ranch cook, good baker,
136; plain ranch blacksmith, $32 60 and board;
man about ranch, stable, milk, etc., $25 and
found; 2 milkers, $26 and $20; farmers, cooks,
waiters and dishwashers: driver lor milk wagon,
must be experienced. •-'5 to $30 andfouna; 2
stout boys for a factory in city, $3 per week. W.
D. EWER & CO., 626 Clay St. '
"I\rANTED-2 BOYS FOX A FACTORY IN
>» this ciiy: $3 per week. App'r to W.D. EWER
& CO., Employment Agents, b-6 Ciay st.
Of\ URN FOR DIFFERENT POSITIONS,
*J\J from $15 to $55 per month and found; fore-
man for a vineyard and orchard, single man, $50
and found; foreman for a vinej wine grapes,
$35 and iout,«l; 3 farmers: second cook. $'.'.5;
broiler, *40 ana found; grccery rlerk, young man.
525; man to ru a shirt machine, steam luunary,
#:-0 and tout d: 3 cook . $30 to «56; 2 waiters, $'Si
and (25; 2 dishwashers: state driver and bottler,
see lo s lien-, end other place i. MURi:AY A
READY. Leading Employment Agents, 634 and
636 Clay st. • * B
HEAD COOK, RESTAURANT, $60: SECOND
cook, restaurant, $40; 2 neat wallers with
areas sulis, hotel, $30: good second coo*: on noups
and entrees, $50; second cook. cood on oysters,
$50. C. R. HAN SEN & CO., 110 Geary St.
MIIKKn AM) WIFE. NEAR CiTY, $10:
J'l man ;.l;ou: p ace, with good reTerences, $25.
C. R. H ANsjKN & CO., 110 Geary su
SHAMPOOER FORA TURKISH BATH. $40;
OC. R. HANSEN & CO., 110 eary st.
U'OODCHOPPEB, MAKE SHAKES. AND
'• pickets on shares; farmhand and milk. *20:
2 farmhands; $15: Mace-driver. $20: hostler, $15;
brusiimaker; c .ok for few men, $10. R. T.
WARD <fc CO , 6Ja and 610 Clay sU
WANTED — MILKER AND WIFE, $40;
*" m Iker, $-.5: shop butcher, $35 and found;
bru<-hm<iker; bookkeeper a-id salesman fur liquor-
store 2 waiters, country res. aura it. $30, and
other«. J. F. <-R .SETT i CO., 6-H Sacramento.
ANTED— JAPANESE CONTRACTOR TO
»' harvest fruit of 2 large orchards. J. F. CRO-
SEIT <fc CO.. 028 Sacramento st.
BELLMAN. $10 AND ROOM: RESTAURANT
porter. (Ik; cook, boarding-house, $40 and
ro.iin: nisrh cook for Nevada. $30 and room;
night cook. $7 a week, restaurant butcher. $45
MAUTIN'S, 743 Marke.su
SALVATION AKMY I.AJiOH BUREAU. 158
New M»mcomer.v tl.— Parties desiring reliable
help :ur ills hid at short notice.
\\r A NTED, YOUR SHOKh —WE REPAIR
»l sho?s up to 9 o'clock every night: those work-
lug tt:r.)i:.ii the day can have their shoes repaired
at night while you wait: ladle*' Hoiinit, 36c; men's
soling 50c: line shoes made to order from $2 up:
we have a lot or shoes been damaged 1 y water at
less I. .an on' -four. h their v»iue, from 75c up 10
92 50. 662 Mission st , bet. First and Second.
\y ANTED— AN ACTIVE MAN WHERE HE
" La sure to make good wages; must have $100.
Room 10. 23 Kearny si. I
\\" AN ED-SECOND WAITER, 560 HOW-
" ard St., German Hotel.
Q« PI PREMIUM FOR sKUCH VAIDK-
>i. -*). vllle 16-minute act. Address 14 MeAL
lister nt., room 9.
STYLISH AND DURABLE CALF SHOES
O mart., to order. $2 50: cheapest place In rlty for
repairing and iecoi:d-band .-ho~s. 969 Howard st
SEAMEN AND GRKEN HANDS WANTED.
116 Washington St.. bet. lmimin and Davis.
LIRST- CLASS OPERATORS OX LADIES'
A cloaks aril suits. W. SIM IN OFF, 1223 Maikeu
WA.NTKD-SI'EADY PREfSRB ON PA NTs;
young man preferred. i.60 Fourth
WE HAVE A LOT Or" MEN'S SHOKS, BEEN
»» dami<pe<J by water, M hsi than o ie-foarth
their viilue, from 75 up 10 $2 50 602 Mission
si , bet. Firs., and Second.
. A RBK R WA NTJiD FOR SATURDAY EVEN-
J ' ing ana Sunday. Cah b7v Vi Howard su
WANTED— A GOOD BARBEK FOR SATUR.
day : wages $3. 6J7 Sacramento St.
*iy ANTED— BARBER. 227^ SECOND BT.
BARBKR W A NTKD FOR SATURDAY;
AJ wages* 3. 779 Market st.
L AKBKR WANTED FORSATURDA IT; CALL
l> early. £02 Clay su
first.class barber at 255
" Third st.
\VT A NTKD-FIRST-CLASS BARBER AT 207
»» Fourth st.
OOD BARBKR FOE SATURDAYS. 623
ClaysU
BARBeR WANTED: GOOD HAND; SATUR-
day and Ku. day. Call after 8 o'clock. 2 Eighth.
JOURNEYMEN BAR. KK=»' Xii PLO V M.8.-W
0 te'Tetarv .H. iiKI'.NARD. 102 >evenlh sU
OAKBEUS- FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
i-> P. C. Barbers' Assn. S. FULHtf, 326 Grant aye.
FOR ' -ALK-AN EL MM NT TWO-CHaIR
barber-shop; near Market; a real bargain; only
$60; good reason for selling. 12 Ha, east • -
BARDKR WANTS PARTNER: OLD STAND:
German prt-ferr d, or will sell all. Call 122
fceventn st.
AKKERS, ..TTENTION— S4OO WORTH OF
iurniturr, with 2 billiard tables, on account of
departure. $225. Address E. BvjaN ARIJt-L, Stan-
fora University.
]9/U\PAIR MEN'S SHOES. BEEN DAM-
X£.\J\J aged by water, at less than one-h)urtu
their v-ilue, from .6c up to $2 10. 562 Mission
.St., bet. First, ana Second.
HAVE A LOT OF MEN'S SHOES, BEEN
damaged by water, at less than one-fourth
their value, from 76c up to *2 50. 662 Mission
su, bet. First an l Second.
EAMKN AND ORDINARIES. APPLY 10
Sieutrtst., upstairs.
II.ST- I.ASS LADIES' TAILORS WANTED.
408 --utter si.
U ANTED— YOU MAN TO LKARN BAR-
.* » . ber trade. Inquire 227Va Second st.
SHOEMAKERS WANTKDON MSN'S SHOES.
Call at o:ice at 302 Fifth s .
WANTED-STEADY, RELIABLE MAN FOR
.position 'In country: must have $5 expense
• money. '■ Call after 10 a. m.. 9 Geary, room 2. •. ■• •
WANTED— MEN TO GO WHALING; N6
exixrleuce. required. : Apply at once "• at, -■ I*
LEV* '- clothing- store. NE. corner Battery and
JuckSOnstS.: :• -. . : *r •
WASTED — FIRST-CLASS SIIOEFITTER;
it rood job for right man. Address Sboetitter,
box 15, Call Office. , ~r r -.
TV ANT ED— A M A TO KENT OR BUY A Cl-
;' TT gar-stand. Apply SK. corner 24th a .d Folsom.
If EW KNEIiGETIC MEN TO ENGAGE IN A
X got d, paying business; mui»t deposit!) 5 as guar-
antee of good faith. Call At 905 Marke: St., room
55, between 10 a. x. and 2p. m '■ •: •: ; •'.
X\. ANTKD,TO( OLLECTWAUEsDI LABOR-
' » ert&clerks KNOX Collection Ajcy, 110 butter.
_?'» WANTEP— CnnHnnM.
KKCRUITS WANTED FOR THE U. & MA-
XV rlne Corps. V.f. Navy— Able-bodied unmar-
ried men 'between the ages of 21 and 30 rears
who are citizens of the United Spates.' or iho«
who have legally declared 1 heir Intention to be-
com« such: must be of good character an . haMti
and able to speak, lead and write Kn;llsh ami be
between 5 feet 5 inch. and 6 feet 'in heiehu For
.further information apply at the Recrur.iu* Office,
20 Kills St.. San Francisco, Cal. •
'1 "A DIES'" AND GENTS' MISFIT -HOES
jJj bo.ight and exchanged; new vampi and sec-
ond-hand >hoes lor sale; Inrge stock; snoes made
to order; bes stock: work guaranteed: nil kinds
of repairintf. 74 » Mission, n»ar(>rund opera-house.
WANTED— AN IDEA; WHO CAN THINK
• > of some simp thing to patent? i rotect your
lde s: they may bring you wealth. Wilt* JOHN
WEDDERKURN & CO., Depu L, Patent Attor-
neys. \V aihington, I). C, tor their $1800 prize
Offer aid new list of 10. 0 inventions wuuted.
\\'ANT ADs AND SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
'» The Call are taken at Branch ullice, south-
west corner Sixteenth and Missiou sts.
ELCHO HOU-K. 15631^ MARKE 1" ST.— itUUMd
XJ 20c. 25c to 60c iiiuht; *1 to $2 weeic
SING FURNISH KD ROOMS; 15c A NIGHT:
75c week. Llndeil House. Sixth and Howard.
«?r O. • MISSION — SUBSCRIPTION.-* AND
£iO£iy > want ads taken for THE CALL.
I>K«»T IN CITY— SINGLE ROOMS, 15. 20 AND
AJ 25 cents per night: $1, $1 y5. $1 60 per wee*.
Panne House. Commercial and l.eldesdorff sis.
1 Ift NINTH ST. — BRANCH " OFFICE OF
XXU Tux UU; BUbscrlptlon aod want ads.
taken. .
i . i UNSWICK HOUSE, 148 SIXTH ST.: OPEN
1 " alt night; rooms 25c to $1 per night: 91 25 to
$5 per wees. J. G. DRAKE, Manager.
aiRY ACME HOUSE. »57 MARKET ST.. Btt-
A lour t-lxtn. tor a room; I'6t a nlei:t: $1 tveu.
"1 (\(\ MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT 10c. 150
X\J\J and 20c a night. Including coffee and roOt.
t24 Washington su, near Kearn..
OP! »lf • MISSION ST.— BRANCH OFFICK OF
— eJ-jU Thk Call; BuUtcriptioos ana waul ads
taken.
\y ANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANIC*
.»» to know that Ed Kolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still mas Denver House, 217 Third sU: 15 J
large rooms; 26c per nlgbt; $L to $3 per week.
POSEDALE, 321 ELLIS BT.-SINi.LE FUR-
X\i ntsbed rooms, i(Jc to S6c night, $1 to $1 50 wk.
E SIMON WANTS 100 Mr.N TO oET BOT-
. tie beer or wine 5c best free lunch. 643 Clay
WANTED— SING BOOMS. 16c A DAY: $1
week; rooms for 2. 25c a day. $1 60 » wee*;
Trading-room: daily papers. 36 Clay st.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST., NR.
Market: 200 rooms, 25c a night: reading-
room: fre* bu* and oa ■race to and from the terrr.
AGENTS WANTED.
GENTS— BRYAN'S BOOK, "THE FIRST
XV Battle." Apply or address for territory, F.
Person, manager subscription department, THE
WHIT.XKER it RAY COMPANY. 7-3 Market St.
KOOM.S TV ANTED. . .1
BRILLIANT VOCALIST AND FIANISTE,
exceptional teaching abilities, de-ires' board
and room in exchange tor tuition; references ex-
rhaup*q. Address B. V , box 140, Call Office.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED- LIGHT BICYvLE; BRING IT
a ong. 616 Geary st.
C?OA BONUS will be paid to ANY ONE i
tjp^v securing position for young Ihilv In store
or office Address W. W., box 51, call Office.
BUILDINGS BOUGHT; LUMBER. SASHES,
XJ coors, mantels, etc.. for sale. 11*58 Mlssloa s;.
SELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AM' JEW-
elr/ to A. KLEIN. 103 Sixth St.: wna postal.
EDUCATIONAL
T UCKHARDT'S COMBINED ASSAY OFFICE
AJ and School of Instruction (incorporated);
PKAi TICAi. nnd INDIVIDUAL instruction in
the latest improved methods in assay analysis,
electroplating. CYANIDE process, etc; SPECIAL
ATTENTION given to caiefui a say and aoalysU
of ores, waters, etc. 26 O'Farreil st. : elevator.
A Si HOOL OF PHYSICAL CULTURE AND
Klocutl >n. 1215 Octavla st., -an Francisco
Y.li-s KLIZA MACKINTus-H. rupil of Professor
O. W. Baynham, Glasgow, Scotland, and graduate
of the Scnool of Oratory. Philadelphia, Pa.,
teacher. Office days. Friday p. m , Saturday a. m.
'•/ UKSIVE SHORTHAND" ISTHE EASIi>T,
Vy b?st and cheapest: vowels aud consonants
joined: do positrons: descriptive pamphlet' free;
also Pitn an. Graham. Munson and Marsh writers
corrected and speeded: first-closi references. ROS-
COE EAMKS, room 70. Flood building.
KALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST—
Bookkeeplne, tosines^ practice, shorthand.
typing, telegraphy, langu»gcs, English brauchai.
electrical engineering: i 0 teachers: 15,000 graJu-
ales: day and evenlns sessions: catalogue.
AYRES 1 . THE LEADING COLLEGE. 821
Montgomerr st.: individual lnstructloa la
itorthand, lypint. bookkeeping, telegraphr. eta-
lite scholarship $30: low rates Der wekk and ms,
OTAMMERINQ, LISPING, ALL IMPERFEC-
to tlons of speech, positively cured: voice build-
in*, individual Instruction: references from bestin
California. PROF. R. *.. DAVIS, 1508 Market.
BELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
XJ Private theatricals arranged; pupils r. hearsed
on stage. R. 6 and 12, 1.0.0. F. block, 7th and Mkt.
LEO COOPER. SCHOOL OF ACTING AND
J Opera. Pantomime and Acting; study of reper-
toire and vocal music, til 4 Geary st.
T^NGINKERING SCHOOL; MECH.. ELEC*
AJci\lL mining, scrvey, asaar, archlt.. X ray
Uu.ht; e5.1864. A. VAN DERNAILLKN.933 Mkt
STIEHL'S SHORTHAND . AND BUSI.S FSS
O College. T23 Markets*. ; stud ens trained; office
siluatio. is secured -. lowest raws orcreditfor tuition
PIANO TAUGHT IN SIX MONTHS: NEW.
X quick method; $2 60 per month. 3^3 Hyde st,
|)KOF. LOUIS MXXXI: VIOLIN. MANDOLIN.
A guitar, cornet; reasonable. 225 Geary, nr.PoweiL
SPANISH FRENCH, Etc.: Prof. DeHLIPFK'S
Academy of Languages, 320 Post; estab'a ih7l.
nOOKKPNG; WRITNO. ARITHMTC. GRAMR.
IJdav Anight: nocia<se»: $5 montn. 845 Mission.
SINGING; PIANO; PARIS GRADUATE;
French, lieimaa languages: $2 mo. 109 Taylor.
GUITAR. MANDOLIN. VIANO AND VUCxu
VX lcs-iom. $3 mo. Alary Wt-slhau>«. i>9 Fifth.
ÜB^CRIPTIONS AND WANT ADS FOR THE
Call taken at branch vtlice, i>H& Uayes su;
open until »:30 o'cli'CK.
DENTISTS.
FULL SET OF TEETH. $7 : AYA RRANTE D V
years; painless ex: ruction: see our new combina-
tion plate; thinuest, llgutest, coolest plate mad*;
warranted 10 ytars: fillings. 50c; crowns, *3 .0.
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS, 24 Sixth street
CROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 MAR-
ket. bet. 3d and 4th; gas specialists; painless
extract us. with (.as. $1: plates, $5 up; fill, $1 up.
©7 FULL SET TEETH: BEST MAKE-
*HS I . kept la repair: extracting free; flllini;s,sOc;
crowns, $3 50. Pacific Dental Parlors, 18 Third.
DR. J. J. LEEK, 1126 MARKET ST.; OPEN
evening,): Sundays (IK noon.
PObITIVKLY PAIN i-E.Ss EXTRACTION. DR.
X. HARDING, COOSutter cor. Powell, U1.ma1n5375
COLTU.N DENTAL -ASSOCIATION. SOS iIAK-
V^ ketsL DR. CHARLK-. W. DECKER.
Q*l7 A BET > FOR TKjSTH— WARRANTED AH
O» good as can be made; tilling $1 DR 5. 1 MM*
dentist, 930 Market su. next Baldwin heater.
pAI.VLESS EXTRACTION. 6Oo: CROWN
A bridge work a specialty: plates $5 np: lSvear*
experience. R. L. WALSH. D.D.ix, 815% Geary.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 MARKET* ST., NR.
tie ven:h : -.; no - charge for extracting whaa
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set: extracting 60c-. gas given.
SKT <->* 11 WlTnuH'i' 1 ArLAii. uu.
O H. v Youag, 1841 Polk su
D*^ GKOXGE W. LEEK. THE GENUINE
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of „ Improved '. bridge work ' or teetH
without any plate, moved from &to 20 O 1 Farrellu.
ALL WORK RKASONABLK AND WAit
ranted. DR. J. W. KEY. 1123 Market sc
CARPET CLEANING. -,.
pARPETS' CLEANED. RENOVATED LIKE
V. new J. JHcQUKKN.463 Stevenson. Tel. 8.2-.' B.
piTY STEAM CARPET CLEANING WORK!
■» J cl an »- moves. Uys carpets. G. H. STEVEN*
Mir. 3«and 40 l.lghth su; telephone South 26fjC
WHEN you BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
'» poor work send toSPAULD ING'S Plor.eerCar-
P»t-beatlnn Wi.rks. 353-67 Tehamast.; tel So. 4?
C"^'. J ? T " ( ; LEANING, 3c: LAYING, Sc: RUG
\J samples free: tel. jeiiie 044. Stratton, 3 Bth st.
ADVANCE CARPET-OLEANIMU CO. 402
<V- butter; tel. Main 364. GKO. WaL: prop!
WATTS, reliable carpet-clennlug renovtg. alter-
. atlon works. r 4Ut> . McAllister. TeL J. ssle 32L
CARPETS CLEANED RENOVATED LIKE
Vnew-, ■CSTenth; let. *outh 30. Mackintosh A; Ca
J "■•"'; K. Ml-icHKLL. : CARPET-CLEANINU ca,
i» . £40 14th su : cleaning 80 a yard. Tel. Mis. 71.
n°*J?^2,'* - BEATING WORKS
\J 339 Golden Gate aye. Telephone East 128.
PERSONALS.
ILL TH!- YOUNG LADY, B'.UE DRiRS
and light ' oat, Haight-s reet cars tofillmore,
last Thursday afternoon, address J. M., box 19,
Call Office? ■"■"/}':■' C
JOSEPH GREVEN's OPERA SCHOOL PRO-,
d need in the shortest time more talent for the
profess o a! operatic stage, oia orio, concert «nd
chur thsn any other vocal teacher on the coa.'t;
opera acts or slncle vocal selfUons at reasonable
' rates: lor ar<er charitable uffaint free of chare.
Murphy build. ng, Market «i.d . Jones s'.s ; office
tours 1 to 2. . •
If LDEKLY LAD OK X FIN KM NT\\ O i 1 D
-Ci ike to make the acquaintance of elite ly gen-
teman of rome means; ject, home: v;ew to
i niHtr.nusny or would keep house for Protestant
I widower, with fami y, preferreJ. Address MKS.
j M. J. D., box 80, Call I nice. • ,%. : .'':
1 (\( W \ CARDS. *1 5a ' SHOW CARDS. KTC.
X\J\J\J 'lei. Black 141. HILL, 22% Weary St.
fl« I A DOZEN— FINE (Ahl.Nt.lo -• *' \*i.u-
«Jp 1 uallerr. IO.'S Market.
A DVICE FRKE: DIVORCE LAW- A sPEC-
A ialty: private; no fee liou- success, pro-
bale, insolvency, wl.ls, ■ collections, bills of sale'
dun. ages, etc. : private detectives: esLab. 10 years.
G.W.HOUE, at:yat-law. h5O Market. cor.Stccktn
LADY TOLD ME THAT WHILE I WAS
ALAUY TOLD ME THAT WHILE I WAS
doing first-class hair-dressi ig for 25c she
would never go to a hlgher-prio-d place. I clal v
to do as good work as any estabiiiument charging
twice my price; shampoo and pi tin halr-dresAin;.
bOc; halr-dressluir a.nd truaimeut with. QUI>O-
NT.v Hair Tonic, 50c. G. LEDERER, 111 Stock-
ton. . ■
LOOL> AND NERVOUS DISORDERS
are successfully treated with DR. SMITH'S
KLKCTKO-MAGNETIC BaTUS.
Cur* guaranteed; board and sunny room. if de-
sired, reasonable: free consultation 1 to 3 and 6 to
8; Sundays. 10 to 12. 1533 BUCHANAN bT.
M . J. PHILLIPS. HUMAN HAIR HER-
chan ; artist in hair and ladies' hairdresser.
Removed to 1-0 Geary, above Grant aye.
PRIVATE DETECTIVE WORK DONE REA-
-I souabie: 10 years' experience: hr->. 10 to 12 m.,
2 to 5. 7 to 8 P. it. G.R.WEBVTEU, 1027 Market, r. 6.
MISS CLLIE LAKE. CARD RKADER AND
magnetisu Rooms 3 and 4, 809 Sutler.
P 1 INTINO MATERIAL FOR SALE CHEAP.
8. Montgomery aye., room 13.
OLD GOLD BOUGHT: HIGHEST PRICES. O.
\J NOLTE, jeweler, 222 O'rarrell at., nr. Mason.
|*IG OUTDooi'. STKRKOPTICON >HoW EVE-
X* 17 night cor. Market and Sixth sts. ; artistic ad-
vertisements In living light: promoters of bnsl-
peas, ■ Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market st.
BURNISHED ROOMS: REAMONAB.E. MRS.
X L. DEAN, 908 Howard St., near Fifth.
HH UFSCHMIDT, SANITARY PLUMBER.
. gasfitter. t23*ioldenGate ay. butter 471.
SSTROZYXSKI. 24|GI£ARY ST., EXPERT
. European hairdressers and cutters; employs
no apprentices; prices equal toothers.
VKGRANT WILL HEAR OF SOMETHING
\J • to his advantage by calling .upon LAN DRY
C. ISABIN. «13 Kearny st.
PAINTING, WHITENING, PAPERING-
-L lowest estimates: best work cuarante-d: wa'l Da-
per 3c roll. EDWARDS, 1200 Webster, cor. Eddy.
MI'S KKKGAN (FORMERLY WITH G. LED-
erer) has opened a stylish halrdreuing parlor;
latest effects ;prlce 25c. O'Farrell. nr.PowelL
r.')T AIONTUOMEKY ST., BRANCH OFFICE
»-'— • til Mje Caul, want ads and suoscriptlonj
taken. VV.
I - AP.TINOTON'S fcCUoOL OF MAGAZINE
-i and Newspaper Illustration: particulars as to
terms, etc, 424 Pine St.; illustration^ -.ur^isbed
for magazines, newspapers, etc.
RUPTURE AND PILES CURED: NO PAY
IX until cured: send for book. DRa Man*
FIELD & PORTKRKIELD. 838 Marke; st.
MAG N 1 SCO P — NEW PROJECTING MA-
chine; uses the kinetoscopo aim a; price (25a
BACIOALUPI. 946 Market st.
A PA PER, 4C A Ht.LL: PAPER HANO-
" In:, )>aintiug.etc,, by contract or day's work, at
your own price. N.K MEKIGAN. 1302 Webster su
ELI CTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM; i
Winchester House. 44 Third bU, nr. Market; I
100 rooms. 25c to $1 60 per night: $1 60 to 16 per
week ; free bus and baggage to and Irani the ferry.
pLOAKS, FUKS AM) feUlTs" RETAIL Af
VJ uhoiesala pric«»«. Factory. 20 Sansome su '
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ALL HAIL HER MARVELOUS PREDIC-
tons: only medium guaranteeing dead win-
ning tips on the Corbett-Flttsimmons prize-right; i
named 3 wlunine numbers In the last lot'.ery j
drawing: can give you ■ sure thing at the race- j
track: ladies, consult her on domestic and love
art'a M; remeves evil Influences and possesses 01117
••Nupoeon" tali man. MISS VAN DE VERE, j
Parisian vrophctess. parlor 1, 1 Fifth st
YJMK.DK THOMAS. SCIENTIFIC RKVEaL- |
iU er by eggs and. cards: tells entire life, pass
present, lutcre: consultations on all affairs:, no;h- ■
ins; excepted; names given: good advice: sure |
help; restores lost lovs by svmpattiy; mistake im- 1
possible: fee $1: letter $2. 929 Post st-. nr Larkto. :
KNOW THY FUTUi: : CARDS READ i
truthfully; 25c. 419 Gi . :y. room 22.
ME. MOREAU. BEST CLAIRVOYANT AND
i»l medium in city: fee 25c up. 764 Howard st. I
TDEALIE, TRA.NCE MEDIUM: PAST. PRES- I
1 cut and future; readings 50c 51 Fifth s'..
MISS MELVILLE, WELL-KNOWN CLAlR-
voyant, 51 Fifth st.: water readings a specialty.
MISS ISA COHEN, PARISIAN CARD- I
reader and magneifsU- R. 10 and 11. 122 Post.
MME. HAN SEN, PALMIST. CARD-READER; !
past, present and future; 2ic. 143 sixth, r.5. I
ME. RAVEN A READS LIFE FLUENTLY:
tnsiness advice: names given; 25c up.6 Fourth
pONSULT THE PUOPHI- TESS: PAST, PRES- j
\J cut and future: 25c 243 a Shipley st., off rifih.
GYPSY LIFK- HEADER, 3 SKVENH> ST.;
ladies 25c. gents 50c: all questions answerea.
VfMK. H V iil 1. 1.*. 1 KLLS FKOil U'.ADLa TO
i'-l pictor»4 riven l«(lli-i':5c ! 14 i."Knrr»lL
- SPIKITUALISSI.
VI RS. C.- J. MKYKR, CIR. TO-NIGHT. TUBS
l»i Wed. and Frl., 2 p. m.; 10c; trance dr.. Mon. &
Frl. eve., 2 ci suMngs daily. 326 McA lister st.
ME. OSMA.N, SPIRITUAL TRANCK MKDI-
um: lite readings, love aff Mrs, business in vest-
men:s,mlnlns speculations a specially. 838 Mission
CV. MILLER'S MOTHKR SADIE MATE-
• rialUin3 seauce to-day 12 o'c ock. 535 Pust
St.; 'Otis. (.•;■_
ME. YOUNG'S TEST CIRCLE TO-NIGHT.
10c; 413 McAllister; investigators invited.
MRS. FULTON-MATERIALIZING SEANCE
to-night: 50c: shtings daily. 31 Fell st.
AT 99.' MARKET TO-NIGHT TE>TS TO ALL
A full names given.. Mr. K«-eg;.nand others.
MRS. MAYO -TEKRs*,- 112% OAK: CIKCLE
Tuesday, 8 p. m., Thura.. -z p. m.: readings $1.
MRS. H. A. GRIFFIN-CIK. SUN.'EVK.; 25c:
XTX test mtg.Thur. eve.; stjs dally. 4a6i/ a Grove
AM -FRANCIS, INDEPENDENT SLaTE
. writer. 118 Malght sU; hours 9 until Bp.il
M X , * ■ liL ,¥* MEDIUM; SITTING..S.9 TO B. $1;
■m circles Tues.. Frl.. 2p. m.. -25c .233 Valencia!
•AIRS. J. J. WHITNEY. CLAIRVOYANT
■IU trance test iredlum & :ite reader, --'IS Stockton
HYPNOTISM.
HYPNOTISM. SCIKNTIt'ICALLY TAUGHT-
success grtd.Hypno:lcM«smgrlclns,6 O'Farrell !
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
'■30'5i Hot:SK OX MARKET 5T..."..51,4C0
•JV/ 24-room house, 0n1y.....;.;... 50
10 rooms, ou McAllisters: '.'..'..'.'...'. 400
20 rooms; corner: new........... .'.!.!..'.".*.'] 1,200
14 rooms on butter.... '°" '"" 350
7-room house, only. '."'.' •••-..... -.-BO
18 rooms, nc r the Baldwin """ * ■."*"■**" 50J
H. C. -DECKER. 1020 Market at". ', opp; Fifih.
mo LHT— STORE AND 21 ROOMS: SUNNY:
2 J M ,i Un aL; rent Ver >' cbesp. MADISON &
15 v i i Iv I^. M3jitaAi^Hßott
IA l NICELY FURNISHED ROOMS: GOOD
XV p.ylug; all rented; must sell; 19 Sixth st. .
Q-ROOM ' FURNISHED HOUSE FULL OF
*/ roomers, . heap. Address a. i 5., box 131, Call.
1 A KOO M s ; N \v FURNITURE: FULL OF
J-T: roomers: offer wanted. 402 Geary st.
O On HAVES— BRANCH office of THE
*->*J'J Calj.: *übscriptlons and want oda taken. ;
FIKMTUKK FOR SALE.
"RETIRING FROM RETAIL BUSINESS;
Xt must cose out sloes in 3D days: brusseU car-
pet, 42VjC yard; floor oilcloth. 18c: mat ing, 7o
yard: bearoum sets, 3 pieces. 19 jO: 4-rooiu fur-
niture outfit, §tii. SHIREK & SHIREK. 747
Market st, opp. Gram aye. ■. ; , , .<•.
FI^RNITURE OF 4 ROOMS FOR SALE;
S5O. 916% Pierce st., rear. .
T-JU J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH.. FOB
AT L, J. NKUaIANN'S. 117 SIXTH. FOB
lowest prices on household roods: new or suoJ
is new: cms or on iim<": «••>• n •*vf»«ln*s. -,"'■ •
t'UKSITUKE "WANTED.
I F.YOU WANT unou PRICKS FOR FURNl-
ture and mercbanaUe see BUKD. 211 Larkin.
. TTIURVITURB. STOVES. ' CARPETS, COUN-
X? ters. showcases. ANDERSON, Market. : .
HIGHER PKICK THAN ANYWHERE P.MU '
XX by Indiana Auction Co, 1057 Markei.opp.Jonoj
BUSINESS CHANCES.
JTIGnEST CASH PRICK* PAID FORFURnT
■*-»- ture, restaurant, saloon fixtures «nd eroc^r/ 1
stooKs. STKNBEi;G. 632 Manet: teL main 1043.
Si ri'Srt GR 'CERY AND BAR: 5 LIVINU-^
t)t>U. rooms. STENBERc, 632 Mar et at. 1
§500 butcher- SHOP: uooo "loc-.-w t
wVp a uon: fiutly fltil " d lID: ca<h Riuur:
bar^r a, V^l-'S : Ciea s $10;) a "'"nth: see this
bargan. SIKNBKI-.G &CO., 632 M:ir«et st.
U: OOV. MOO per month: I> CITY; CLEARS
££ U y;* 10 «P« month: trial alven: sa< nUce?
account of departure. aTKNJBtCRG. 6.2 Mar^t.
I? 200 M ' LK DE l>uT AND DA IKY: GOOD
M"V . loc '-- tlon ; iU ' W re '"" Bti;^" BERG, 882
#4 00 *KST A RANT ; N X A P. A I ROAD
7- .. ' *'fP° t: large number re tilar boarders:
neat, a tractive place: compulsory sale exchange
fur real estate. STENBKRii c0.,'6-2 MariceL st!
*S QW ) SALOON: KLEGA vTLVFI.TED: 1
• *** , } *. borlc north flf Market St.: low rent:
Slocked with fine liquors, cigars, etc; private
looms: owner bus 01 her business: mukps bic s:io-
r rice; investigate this. STKNBERi.4. 632 Markeu
BRA NCH BAKERY AND DKLICA CV STORK;
XJ mus bes>d: living-rooms; nice sunny yard-
no agents. 340 Fourtit st.
St 9^o BRANCH B A KKRY, CAN DV aNO
«JpZ.UU. variety store: !lvinL-r«,oms; finely <>
cated: lug aprofl able business; a big r-ain
A. 8. LESS, 1032 Manet st. . °
ffij/i^n SALOON WITH 11 ROOMS, FURXr"
»ipT«JV/. niture Included; nest locatlo'i north or
Market; present owner in same pace 15 yean-
present owner has another business In the coumrr'
A. S. LESs, 103*2 Market su country.
Ql7nn GROCERY AND BAR NORTH OP
$> * "U. Market: 4llvin -rooms: rent only $"5.
present owner there 6 years; bi i bar trade; other
business causes sale. A. S. LbS^, 1032 Market! "
SAL( . N. OF MARKET; 4 FINE
i& i ±\J\.l. furnisher] rooms; kitchen; Morerooms-
fine stock: best location; cheap rent; greatest bur.
guln ever offered: ow.ier has other large interests.
A. S. LESS. 1032 Market su
9nO S AL ? Or * : FINELY STOCKED AND
— v/. fitted up; on prominent business f-trcef
A. 6>. LhS"5, 1032 Market , maat selt; big barBaic:
rPUE DAINTY RESTAURANT, 636 GEARY
x St., doing a flourishing business, is for sale at a
price below anything of the kind In the city. Ap-
ply at the premises.
$-100 RE STAURANT AND OYSTER- 1
tip-iwv/. house, with turnlshed rooms: near i
local railroad station. Address H. M., box 1, CalL '
Office, Oakland.
BEST CHANCE IN THE WORLD TO WORK
JJ for Christ; mission: well furnished: good lo-
cation for big crowd; rent »15. 31 Third st.
STATIONERY STORE; OLD, GOOD-PA VI NO
place: nice for woman to make a good living.
Inquire (.all Office. ]-.. . /
X\T ANTKD— A GOOD BUSINESS .MAR AS
»J partner. For particulars call at J. L. BOON'S
cfllc , 214 Pin* st.
roil SALE-GROCERY AND BAR; FOUR
X living -rooms. Inquire 500 Fourth at.
WANTED— A MAN WITH ME MONEY
' » and detective ability, Is Montgomery, rm. 2.
"yOUNG EASTEIN LADY WANTS GENTLE*
-I. man partner. 850 Market st., room 5.
<SiCif\ S/.LOON; 643 MISSION ST.; GREAT
tfiJUU. sacrifice; Investigate this.
ANTED— A PARTNER IN THE SALOON
" business. Apply 442 Bush s:.
PARTNER IN AN ESTABLISHED BUSI-
.- ness; must be sober and energetic; references
exchanged; small cap tal required. 1041 Valencia.
PROSPEROUS KEi-ÜBLICAN WEEKLY
A newspaper; golden opportunity: • easy terms;
owner leaving, .Address .<., box 61, this office,
LOON BUSINGS FOR SALE — THE
stock of liquors, cigars and fixtures of saloon
contulued in premises. SUO Raker at., corner of
Grove, in this city, and belonging to the estate of
Daniel McFadden, deceased, is for sale. Bids or
: offers for the same will bo received np to 12
o'clock m., Monday, the llrst day of March, 1697.
lat room 35. Chronicle ding. a. C. FKEESIs,
Spec at administrator of the estate of DANIEL
McKADDEN. deceased.
EAT-MARKET USING 2% • BEEVES. 7
i'l sheep. lVi bogs, veal, etc., at a bargain;
splendid chance to iucrcase: owner ha% better op-
portunity offered; trial given. H. A., box 33, Call,
Tir ANTED— PARTS IN AN OLD-KSTAH-
»» lisbed commission business. Address A. 8.,
I box 144, Call Office, giving name and aJdres;.
) A LOON-; MUST PELL IMMEDIATELY:
j O sickness. Address southeast corner Kearny
and Caiitornia. Inquire 123 Prospect place.
I I RNITURE-MOVING OUTFIT FOR BALK-
! X first-. lass team: '" cood-paylng sand. South-
east corner Haight and Fillmore s s.
THE LITTLE COI-FKK-TREK REbTAUKANT
JL for sale at a bargain on account or alckness in
the family: price $40. Call at 804 Folsom st.
LOON ON BUSY SIRKET NORTH OF
Market; ch«*prent; lease: bargain this week;
j no agents- Inquire Call office.
"VTOUNG WIDOW OF MEANS DESIRKS GEN-
J- tleman partner. Room 3, 995 Market s:.
j .'UNO WIDOW WANTS A GENTLEMAN 1
I -I partner; small capital. Room 8, 207 Post at.
OR SALE — WELL-KBTABLISHBD DRY
. goods and notion bu.*ine.<« in Modesto, Cal.:
capital required, about $3000; splendid opporl
'< tunity for string; good reason lor selling. Apply
to NATHAN SISTERS, Modesto. .
FOR SALE ATA SACRIFICE— UPHOLSTER-
ing-store in good location. 3001 Twenty- fouith ■
St., cor. Harrison.
FOB SALE— GOOD CIIRNKR STORE AND
cigar stand: cheap. 516 Ue-ry at.
OR SALE CHEAP- A PAYING RESTAU-
rant. 654 Mlssiou st.
ANTED-PAUTNER IN G'JOU-PAYING
. downtown business. 717 Mission st.
CrOOn SALOON: DOING NICE BUSINESS:
<B3OyV. flue location : nicely fitted: fine range
for lunch; patent beer pumps; owner leaving city •
a bargain. UNDERWOOD & CO., 7t>s Market st!
<ftqAfl FOR HALF-INTEREST IN JJIANU^
tIT«JV_"» facturing business. Apply 328 Bush st.
room 4
Q A LOON; OWNER 6 YEARS IN SAMB
(O place. Apply Anchor Brewery. 1451 Pacific.
STORE WITH 8 LIVING-ROOMS: ELEGANT
location for business. 406 ourth sU
L"OR SALE— FINELY FURNISHED HOUSE:
X 10. rooms; all lented; cheap. 618 Taylor st.
T^OR SALE CHEAP— A PAYING PKODUCE-
i store on Fifth street. Cat! 427 Front su
OP; "Of* MISSION — SUBSCRIPTIONS AND
— iJ+~\) want ads taken lor Thk Call.
LATEST CAR FENDER PATENT: BEST IN
veutloo. A pply 623 Golden Gate aye.
CITY ROUTE FOX SALE. APPLY THIS
office. •
AN IMATOSCOPK— PROJECTING LIVING
X\. pictures. Animatoscope, 933 Mrku, 7tb floor.
"VTEWSPAPER ROUTE IN INTERIOR CITY\
XI I close to &an Francisco. For particulars apply 1
this office. . I
V, WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— THaR
■ V VvF.EKLY CALl^ia wrapper, ter mailing.
FOR SALE-MISCELLANEOUS.
FR*>H COW, THIRD C'LF. APPLY 283
X Dolores si., bet. Sixteenth and Seventeenth.-
COJrFKJB MILL. SCALES. LETTKR VRK.saT
\J stand desx. money tt. 1, safe: cheap. 302 Clay.
|>OJLERS,ENUINKS,JD-ilANi> MACHINERY
XJ water-pipes. Kclntosn «S Wolpman, 137 Beal*
I.: AKS, SHOWt ASKS, COUNTERS. SHKLV-
»' Ing, etc. ; bought and sod. 1063 Mission, nr. 7th.
0 GOO.n MILCH COWS WITH PRIVATE
customeH; cheap. 310 Go.den Gate ove.
FRESH MILCH COW AND CALF: CHEAP.
1 923 Fell st. .
T At GE DOUBLE COMPARTMENT COIN
XJ QHiiksar?; ch*a . 8 Mission St.
AND LAUNDkY MACHINE-: NEW AND
second-hand; tools supp led, etc 766 Bryant
I aks, BACK BARS. MIRRORS. SHOW.
*-' cases, tou uteri, linoleum, cilice lurniiurp,
store and office furhltur' and 'fixtures, new and
second hand. J-.-Ki.oNAA', 1017-1019-iol'l-102i
Mission a... above Sixth.
NEW fcLMWO«>DRANOKS ARK THE BEST.
W. 8. KAY MFU. CO, 13 Oolilornia su
ONK SMALL MKUIUM AND LARGE-SIZH
tin* and burglar proof snf- 109-11 1 Market su
ATTORNEYS- AT-LAW.
ADVICE FKKE:, DIVORCE LAWS A SPKO
laity: private; no fee without succvs% prolate
Insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale, deem'
damages, etc. ; private detective) : cstub. 10 year£
O. W. HOWE. 850 -Market st. corner Stockton at
A DVICKFUKK; NO CHARGE O.NLKsSSciI
j3l ctssful. W. W. DAVluj.on, 927 Market si.
RW ? 1 ATTORNEY- A T-L W. CHRON-
. icle building: advice free: low re s: all cases.
A DVICE FREE; N«>CHAKUK UNLESS SCC-
A ceasfn;. J. <;. JKKFJt SS. 63i Market. rmX'3.
PHOTOGRAPHERS SCPPLIISB.
TJ v^', Gi i L TIN •*; P<a>EK IS MARKET 18
■XJ Defend, r"; price low; i try ! it. - Sole Coast
Agency, California, Camera Company, 22 Genry st.HOUSES TO LET.
HOUSE OF 6 ROOMS AND BATH, YARD
XX anl larse dr.- basement. 110 Noe st, bet.
Fourteenth and Fifteenth; rent $10. .... '.-, -.;
Nice uppt>r flat; 6 rooms and bath: all modern
r improvpuaeuts. 905 Fourteenth st., near-Noe;
rent »17: Key at crocexy, cor. Fourteenth and Noe.
rnwo houses of 7 AND 9 NICE large
■I- sun y roo-rs, newly painted and papered and
tboroupiilv renovated: large bxsctnenl: laundry
and bath; nice yard in front and rear; 419 »nd 421
. Castro hi., near Markuu Inquire of owner, 2080
Market si.
TO'LET CHKAP. >IS, 6- ROOM HOUSE AND
X basement 10 Folsoai aye., bet Seventh and
Kißluh sis. ■
<> ] A HOUSK IN REAB JJ27 PACIFIC ST.;
'- 1". 4 rooms and baih: wosbstand. , _ ; "_";.
TV"!:. COR. CLAY AND D.EVISADERO; 10
-i-" room."; fine order.
0 ROOMS, BATH AND LAUNDRY. ON I.TH
<J si ; 7 rooms bath and !an Ur ■, 0:1 Glen Park
•aye., lar.c> yards iro:u and rear, attractive loca-
tV??-'.^ 0 11 ,"'- '' '"•"• ln (i ° repair; rents very low.
DK..U 1 i.H, So pieu Park are., oft Twelfth St.
" HOUBKS TO RENT FOR VERY LITTLE
XX money- at BALDWIN & HOW ELL'S, 10
Montgomery st
1411 I I^XEAR BUCHAXAX-2-STORY
reason J. hous.-; lar " ;e basement; rooms; rent
reasonable.
S U L A , N , D K I"iIT ROOMS. II P TON PLACE,
. *>-> eg !■ oi3Q.n st, bet. Second und Third.
Q9OGKAKY. NR. LARKIN-15 ROOMS,
Hmvvii' , : n rent very low BALDWIN &
HOW ELL, 10 Montgomery .be.
■<silO . 2-STORY FRAME. 4 ROOMS AND
«hi . basenQ e " 1 : water f re-: quiet and respect-
able neighborhood 6 Sellna place, off north side
California at., below Stockton: ke. at 8.
9 SUNNY HOUSES; 7 ROOMS. BATH, PAN-
— try, yard and basement; lent $20. 830 < app»U
1 1 ft FELLI SR - VaN ness aye.— house
JJ - (1 of 11 rooms and bath.
• • 1 990 BCSII - SUNN V HOUSE; 9 ROOMS;
.-* ■»-— v/ yard; rent reasonable to a good tenant.
QJA 1731 BROADWAY, NEAK OOUGH-8
«_ IV. 100ms; every convenience; marine view.
BAD T K N A > TS EJECTED: S3. SMITH,
•collector. 14 McAllister St.. rooms 10-11.
' HKMSHKD FLATS.
\ "1 OWER FLAT 8 ROOMS. DETACHED: SUN
•! ;:{ sides: reasonable: desirable, 1312% Ellis.
COTTAGES TO LET.
• <S?7 K(\ COTTAUE OF 3 SUNNY ROOMS;
, «3) • .UU. yard, lot and shed: sewers: water
free; 26 F.eunln ton s:.. near Cortlano are. ; key
Bt grocery. 3418 Mission st. KASION, Kir
DRIDqM & CO., 638 Market st.
COTTAGE. 5 ROOMS AND BATH; GARDEN;
V ca»-a:.. 2289 Fifteenth si., near ('astro.
CHEAP: MODfc: COTTAGE; STABLE:
furniture and chickens for sale. 406 Bosworth.
» GOTTAGK; ALSO STORE: SUITABLE FOB
\J butcher or fruit. 118 Fillmore st
©17 SUNNY COTTAGK 4 ROOMS, BATH
»|p *■ • • and basement 1:20 Thirteenth St., near
• Howard.
"©l9 COTTAGE, 5 KOOIIB. 9 PRIEST ST.,
<U/-*«J. off \Va,ihlirston, bet. Jones ana Leaveu-
■wor, h.
' Q I- •' NICK COTTAGE: 5 ROOMS; BATH;
• <plO. sunny; yard; cellar. Key 711 reatave.
6.9 1 1 JESSIR - COTTAGE OF 4 ROOMS;
\J£l 0 rent $9
pOTTAGE, 4 SUNNY ROOMS >ARD, $11:
\J also flat, 6 rms.. ji]4. <-!rocerv.2d. nr.Towusend.
FLATS TO LET;
. Vi; FLATS TO LET — BAV-WIHDOW. 6
-L> and 7 rooms and bath ; sunny side: Nineteenth
. St.. bet. Guerrero and Dolores, Nos. 3660 and 3662;
Vaieocla'and Gaerrero s::oel cars handy; rent $18
and $.:0: keys at grocery, cor. Guerrero. A pply to
«.-. S. API- & CO., Heal ts^aie Agents, 415 Mont-
. gomery st
. 1 9.; Ql LAG UN A- 5- KOOM FLAT: LARGE
J— ' »7j{ yard and cellar. Inquire next door,
. No. 1221, ,■••;-.
■VI.W FLAT OF 7 SUNNY ROOM* AND
-La bath: all modern improvements. Twentieth
• St.. bet. # Howard and Capp.
IIOCI SACBAMKWTO. Ni:. HYDE— FLAT
"lt-O 1 of 5 rooms and bath: *15. .
"•VTEW FLAT. 0 ROOMS AND BATH. 27
• Xl Herman st. cor. Stevenson, coar Valencia. .
SUNNY TOP. FLAT. 4 ROOMS. HATH: LAT-
est improvements; rent $l^. Key 713 uiove-
VEAK CITY HALL: ELEGANT SUNNY
XI fiat, 5 rooms, bam: rent $.0. 141 Grove si.
&G SUNNY FLAT OF 4 R O.M-: USE OF
%pO. yard. -6L'f4 Clara it, near sixth.
ffi«7 CfJ LOWKR SUNNY FLAT: BROOMS.
• . ijp I ,uu. 375 tanchezst.. near seventeenth.
FINKST, CHEAPE-T, SUNNIEST MODERN
Mi-son Ha s. 332-8 Cumberar.d St.. nr.Church.
HANDSOME SINNY fLATS; 6 AND 7
roo.i.s: fnrnished or unfurnished; rents rea-
'.Bonable. 1613 idenGateave.
SUNNY UPPER FUToF 5 ROOMS: BATH
and gas: electric cars pa s the d or; terms
very moderate. 3460 Twenty-second st
• 1 1 IC\ KL3I AYE. -TWO FLATS 3 AND 4
11 IV/ rooms: $6 and $7; water free; yard.
Apply 1512 Golden Gate aye.
4 ROOMS. BATH, ETC.. TILED SINK, DOOR-
tr opener, etc.: 4 rooms and 1 «th. second floor:
> 3 rooms, laundry, large yards for flowers. base-
ment, tic: all sunny; -location very attractive:
rooms clean: rents very low. DEMPSTER, '3ti
• Glen Park aye.. off Twelfth st.
J--LATS TO LKT FOR -VERY LITTLE
1 money at BALDWIN & HOWKjIL'S, 10 Mont-
gomery s .
SEE THOSE > ICE UP^KJ-. MODKKN FLATS,
"'1 end 28 Erie st. Del. Ihirfenth and Four-
.teentb, off Mission: 5 rooms aud bath; reduced to
, $16; sunny.
pHEAPEST FLATS IX CITY, 3270-3272
\J Seventeenth s'., near C»pp: upper, 6 rooms
and bath, sl*: lower, 5 looms und bath, Itj;
modern: nee them.
SW. COR. FOISOM AND THIRTEENTH—
upper. 1 lower; 6 and 5 rooms nnd bath: rent
and SlB. MaDls>oN & BURKE, 626 Market
ffliijt) ~l\ HANDt-OMK FLAT 5 LARGE
•a — • ».'v/. rooms, bath nnd pantry; fine view.
627 Thirteenth st, near Market
C;Q KBARUI PER FLAT 4 BUN X V ROOM&
<JO. 27 Pearl st., off Market tear Valencia.
£■99 WALL- ST., NR. STKINER— SUNNY
i)j~—. upper flat; 8 rooms: bath; yard. etc.
I^INE FLAT: 7 ROOM"* AND BATH; 825
' Howard s:., near Fourth; rent reasonable
SUNNY SIDE: 5-ROOM BAY-WINDOW
flat: $16; water free. 452 Vti Jessie st.
J. AT ICE FLAT: 4 GOOD ROOMS; CHEAP
1 i' reut 524 feixth st. near Bryant
IV" ICE FLAT: VKBY DESIRABLE CHEAP
-' reu'-. 524 >ix:h st.. near Bryant.
IeOQ POST-1 Vi l:v DBflttAßi.K FLATS;
I O£O upper, 7 rooms, f 25: lower, ti rooms, $23.
• 1 A 'SA HEAVEN WORTH.- BET. WASHING-
-- rt*J i ton and Jackson— Flat: nearly new; 6
rooms: porcelain tab: flue marina view; large
court or garden iv rear: rent *-7 50.
1 •A 9 J>.T X I X B LOWER SUNNY FLAT
XXjyJZi of 6 rooms; modern improvements.
9QI WEST MISSION, NKAK TWELFTH— S
. ZiO'Z pleasant sunny rooms; second floor.
17 9 < a fiKOVK — I.< WEK FLAT: 4 ROOMS:
I — •' bat:.; light, sunny, niceyarl.
I yO'Jl .-ACKAMKNTO — FLAX. 5 ROOMS:
•1 OZdO-i modern improvements: rent $16.
CCI 9 LOVELY • SUNNY FLAT; 4 LARGE
«Jp 1. — . rooms, bath, gas. and yard. 8928 Nine-
teenth st, bet Noe and >am.nez. water free.'
fl> ' TO $10 SAVED MONTHLY. 800 FLATS
.JO to let cneap at SPECK &. CO. 'B, CO2 Market.
£.9- MU'/ERS FLAT: 8 ROOMS. BATH.
. «_ — •). jlj6a Howard st., near Seventh.
/ HEAP MODERN FLATS, b AND 6
\J rooms, $8 to $16: aM ih'm. 523 Seventh st
« WKEK'S WCWB FOR 5 CENTS —.TUB
A. WEEKLY CALL. In wracner. for manin*
HOUSEKEEPING' KOOMS. -
liusli. Street. . . ;•: : ;*:.il-
VQI Ol BUSH-TWO NEWLY FURNISHED
-•/ 1 tJ2 sunny rooms for housekeeping; sink;
bath ana yard; cheep. ' •
. Eddy Street
v ]1 Q F.DDY— SUNNY, CLEAN FURNISHED
'JO roouif. Si up; also housekeeping; no tran-
J»:ent . KDDY— SUNNY. ( LKAN FURNISHED
1 1 O room*, 9i up; aiso housekeeping; no trau-
-2=
I Eighth Street.
/ Onj EIGHTH — 2 FURNISHED KOOMS,
OUt complete for housekeeping; rent rirason-
able; sunny corner. '. ; ...
. ' J ilimore Street.
Fiji A 3 FUNNY UNFURNISHED ROOMS:
tflj-iu. good yard. 2212 ii I more Bt, near Clay.
fourth (Street.
99c FOURTH - KOOMS SUITABLE FOR
— — 11 lit housekeeping; also single.
"HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS — Continued.
, •*- . - i iltli (Street. .- : - .
J9QI FIFTH— FRONT ROOM AND KITCH-
-1 1<i.02 en furul-tbed for housekeeping: first floor.
llajeii Street.
O9Q HAVES— 2 LARGE SUNNY ROOMS
o^.o for housekeeping;
Howard Street. : -
rox HOWARD- LARGE HOUSEKEEPING
•JOti rooms: large closet; rent cheap.
r~L>l 1 HOWARD — NICEL.Y FURNISHED
' (Ol 2 sunny suite, with kitchen: others; double
and single; reasonable. .
1 1 9Q 1 HOWARD-FRONT SUNNY SUITE,
I'lZOs nicely furnished lor housekeeping;
bath: 312.
"I I A 9 HOVVARD— 2 SUNNY BAY-WINDOW
1 it— connecting housekeeping rooms; rent
*10 to SB. / I
. •ieaale Mree;. .
Q7Q JESSIE — 2 HOITSKKEEPJNG ROOMS
010 completely mrnUhed, $10; single room, $&.
A Aft JESSIE— FURNISH ED HOUSE-
"I a '.' Keeping rooms: also single and aoub.e.
ft.ca.rjjy Street.
1 (\A KEARNY— S UNFURNISHED ROOMS;
J U"i ba:h; board received for rent.
99Q KEARNY-HOUSK KEEPING ROOMS;
—— O either gas or coal stove: also suite and siu-
Sle. . ■ ■ .
9Qfl KEARNY - 3 OR 3 FURNISHED
-OU rooms for housekeeping: coal or gas stove.
. Larltln Street.
A9Q LARKIN— 3 SUNNY FRONT ROOMS
tt —<J for light housekeeping; terms moderate.
J.iun.-i - ! :«»..
-T^r MINNA-3 LARg"e SUNNY UNFUR-
O~i :O nished rooms; central; low rent; yard.
11CQI MINNA— ROOMS H.MSHED COM-
Oc>o2 plete for housekeeping; 510.
- ' mission Street.
O^Q MISSION— 3 FRONT ROOMS- NEWLY
CUt/ furnished; everything lor housekeeping;
»14. ■ •
1 (\<-)A MISSION — SUNN\ BAY-WINDOW
JL U— *x rooms for housekeeping; $8 up.
Montgomery Street.
C9rr MONTGOMERY, COR. CLAY — OPEN
«Ji i until l«.:»v, o'clock: branch office of Tub
C all: subscriptions and want ails taken.
->*ion!ii Street.
9,4 r- NATOMA-FURNISHED ROOMS. »1,
wid SI 26, $1 &0 per week: housekeeping $1 76.
Ere N ATOM A— SUITE OF HOISKKEKP-
-000 ing rooms; .rent $10 per month; apply
afternoon.
fcixtb S'r«e;.
HA A SIXTH —'FRONT SUNNY HOUSE-
tIi keeping rooms: furnished complete.
lUircl Mree;.
AAC\ THIP.D— SUNNY BURNISHED HOUSE-
lirx\J keeping rooms; reasonable.
1 f\Ol THIRD ST. — NICELY FURNISHED
X.UU2 housekeeping rooms: very reasonable.
Thirteenth Street.
9-1 Q THIRTEENTH. NEAR HOWARD —
— 1O Furnished housekeeping rooms; hath; hot
water; yard: cheap.
lurk street.
C« Q TURK — LIGHT HOUSEKEEPING
i.)"td sunny room; running water, gas and bath;
*ia -':-'-'■ --\- •'■■■■ " -v >■■•'
• Twenty-third Street.
Q79Q TWENTY-THIRD, NE*R DOLORES—
t) I ~O 2 furniahed rooms for housekeeping.
Twenty Street.
A 1 Pi*? TWENTY-FIFTH. few doors east
tt 1 *J~4 of .Castro— 2- sunny unfurnished rooms
I suitable for light housekeeping: baih, laundry;
! ladies only; rent £6.
Turk Street.
r 4C TURK— LARGE FURNISHED FRONT
O^iO room tor housekeepii.g; also single room.
091 —FLOOR 4 XOVJSLY UNFUK.
C— l nished rooms and alcove; running water;
bath, grates.
Vku >e« ATouua.
• 9*l 1 VAN.NESS AYE. — 1 OR 2 FURNISHED
011 oms for Tioasekeenlng: facing avenue:
kitchen; bath; ail setond floor; aluo unfurnisiv d
room, basement, separately. Apply atter 1 p. m.
ROOMS TO LET.
Buchanan Street.
PAH BUCHANAN— HOUSE; BAY-
UVJ— window and sma>l room, $11; also bay-
window and large room. $14.
l-Uhii street ,r i
Qf}(\ BUSH— ONE LARGE SUNNY FRONT
v— U room and one small single front room; run-
ning water and bath: furnished; reasonable.
Eddy Street. 7
91 O EDDY— LA HO SUNNY ROOM, fl2;
-1O double room, $7 ; single, $5 and $6.
Jb.igb.th Street.
QHERMAS APARTMKNT HOUSE. 28 BTH
0 st.. near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
aUUj street.
11 A ELEGANT SUNNY FRONT
ill" suite; ais? room for light housekeeping.
ROYAL HOUSE. 326 ELLIS — INCANDK*-
cent lights in every room: reading-room, con-
taining daily papers: "smoking-room and ladies'
rarlor; opeu all night; room* per nlcbt. 35c to
$1 50: week, $2tos«: month, $8 to SSO: fire es-
capes; elevator on oiiice Coor; annex of 65 rooms
sow ready.hot and cold water In each room: baths.
rpHE RAMONA, 130 ELLIS, MRS.'KATE 8.
X HART, manager— A quiet house: centrally lo-
cated; newly furnished: elevator; hot <& cold water.
OOfi ELLIS- LARGE SUITE OF J-UKNISHED
dOVt parlors sunny ; also one small room.
Fell Street.
9-1Q FELL— 2 UNFURNISHED ROOMS:
j-tZt'J sunny.
lath street.
THE COSMOPOLITAN — SELECT FAMILY
1 hotel: 100 Fifth st, cor. Mission: rooms
60c, 75c and $1 per ni;ht: $2 to Si per week.
"1 l\H FIFTH-PLEASANT, bUNKY, UNFUR-
1. \J I nished rooms to let
I'uixon Street.
I 1 FULTON— NICELY FURNISHED sin-
ax gle sunny room; Si.
GeJVy Street.
I fiQ GEARY — ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
J.V/O sunny room*; en suite or single: cilices.
91 JT GEARY ST., OPP. UNION ARE—
— I O unfurnished rooms; key at Vl7 Geary st.
Q97 GIiAKY, CO«. MASON— NEWLY FUR-
-00 I nished bunny front rooms; suite or single;
terms moderate.
QA] GEARY — ELEGANT BAY-WINDOW
OUI rooms; modern conveniences; reasonable;
new corner fiat.
QIX OKA K Y— SUNN Y ROOMS; SUITE OR
ULO single; folding-beds If desired; reasonable.
Golden Gate Avenue.
9-1 Q GOLDEN GATi-. AVE.-P L ABA » T
*-. 1 O sunny double and single rooms, $6 up.
»}£M GOLDEN OATK AVt- DOUBLE ROOM;
jZQ^I. nicely furnished; gas, bath, $8: for 1 or 2
gents.
9£ Q GOLDEN GATE AYE.— DOUBLE AND
ZOO single room; sunuy; carpets, or will fur*
nish. /;.. ■ ■ • ■ '■■ ■
iiuw»ia street.
lAfifil HOWARD-SUNNY FRONT ROOM.
J.UOD2 'large enough for two,
••< . ll ant Street.
Q1 hunt— NEW MANAGEMENT; nicely
Ox furnished room: $1 week up.
Hyde Street.
7 HYDE— SUNNY FRONT' SUITE: NEWLY
furnished, $15: side room, $7: board optional.
rA.,i HYDE, NKAR POST-2 CONNECTING
1 y)Oz rooms; sunny, bay-window, grate, gas.
bath. .
Ivy Avenue.
OAQ IVY AYE.— LARGE SUNNY FUR-
O\JV : shed room; hath; $5; German family.
) •lesNie >treec.
094 JESSIE- ICELY FURNISHED
xjZfT. single room; 94 50 ptr month. •
■ Koarny Street,
A RLINGTON "HOUSE, 127 KEARNY —
1\- Pleasant sunny rooms, en sulleand single; first
ciass In every respect: ternn reasonable.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1897.
KOOMS TO LET-Continued.
Blaiket Street.
V OSEM.ITE HOUSK 1045 MARKET-
X night, $35 to $1 : week. $1 60 to*s; families. J
11 99 MARKET — 8 SUNNY .OFFICE
limit rooms; Ur<i floor.' -
. Slurtha Pluce. \ \
6 MARTHA PLAcIJi OFF GEARY. BET.
Mason and Taylor— sunny rooms; C 5 month. -
Mason Street.
1 f\A MASON— SUNNY FRONT SUITES AND
-i " j single-, newly fornisbed; running water.
KIT Ma SON — LAtiOK SUNNY FRONT
Oil room: grate; gas; bath; private family.
Minns Street.
JOT .MINNA-LARGE FRONT ROOM: ELE-
*iOl gantly furuiisbed; $9 month: hot bath.
' AiiiiKion Mreet.
HANCOCK HOUSE, 7bl MISSION: PELECT
XI lamliy rooming-house: $1 60 to St} per week.
1 n/-*«» MIS S I O N— NEWLY FURNISHED
IUDO .onm; grate, closet, $8; otuers, lUht
housekeeping.
>»tumt Street.
Cftfjl NATOMA— FRONT BOOM
uvU 1 ' for lor 2 gentlemen: ffrate. "
in tit Sireei.
91 NINTH- FRONT-ROOMS; ALSO
—-L housekeeping.
Nineteenth Street.
QOZO NINETEENTH —SUNN V HALL
OUiJU bedroom, also one with double bed suita-
ble for two gentlemen: private family. ■." *T-
Oak street.
I%R OAK-SUNNY FRONT BAY-WINDOW
IOU rooms cheap. (
O'l urrell .Mreei,
~IAA~\ O'FARRKLL— FURNISHED BOOM.
1 111 suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen; private
Jewish family.
lost Street.
9OQ POST, CORNER OF STOCKTON.
3 LARGE SUNNY OFFICES, SUITABLE
FOR DOCTOR, DENTIST," DRESSMAKER,
MILLINER, ETC; OVERLOOK* PLAZA;
DESIRABLE LOCATION: ELEGANT SUITES.
TJANDOLPH HOUSE, 601 POST— CHANGED
XV bands;. 50 bay-window^ parlors: j smaller
rooms; running water; gas and- grutca; $1 DO to $4
per weelc. • -•. .'■■■
l'(\Q POST— NICKLY FURNISHED SUNNY
DUO large front room, for 1 or 2 gentlemen.
7-1 Q POST— LARGE UNFURNISHED PAR-
HO lors, suicaole for doctor's office; also fur-
nished sunny suit; teims reasonable. . ■'. .,;
i owe. 1 Street.
99": POWELL, COKNEH GF.ARY— LARGE
_— O sunny corner room: nicely furnished
small sunny basement room.
sixth Street. ' •
QQ SIXTH — QUIET SUNNY ELEHANT
00 rooms: ill conveniences; fireproof building.
"I nft SIXTH— FURNISHED FRONT SUITE
X*- \J for light housekeeping; also single rooms.
Mockton street. .
THE EUROPEAN, 17 STOCKTON— FUR-
-1 nlshed ' suites from $4 to 910 a week; single
rooms, SI : 0 to S3 a week: hot and cold water in
•-very room: baths: transient specialty: elevator.
Sutter Street.
AC)Q SUTTER, NR. POWELL— ELEGANTLY
""O newly furnished light «unny rroms.oflicas:
bath; reasouable; appreciated if seen by doctor.
-\flfl bUTTKK, CORNER POWELL— SMALL
O\JyJ sunny rooms forgentlemen; cheap; board
optionaL
1 1 jOSUTT ER — SUNNY FURNISHED
1J- " O rooms an offices: $16 up: single, $5 up;
gas and bath.
'luylor :streei.
"99 TAYLOR, NEAR POST— NEWLY FUR-
m — — i;lshed sunny rooms; modern conveniences;
it rius moderate.
C9Q TAYLOR (THE UTICA) — LARGE.
O~'J buoaf front rooms; also single; bath:
and «10.
twelfth Street. • l - : --- i '»-'-:
199 TWELFTH — FURNISHED ROOMS
I £ £l suitable for man aud wile or single men.
nil. 11 Street. '■"-■'; : :
QAQ UNION— 4 SUNNY UNFURNISHED
OUO rooms to let ■ • •
3Xlacellaneous.
SW. COR. SIXTEENTH ST., NEAR MISSION: i
branch office of Thk Call, subscriptions and
want ads takers. :_••-■
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
Q9n fine' bay - WINDOW a SUNNY
0— V. rooms; bath. 735 Minna near Ninth.
l'ia ELLIS-FRONT NEWLY FURNISHED
UXU sunny room: very reasonable.
79- PINK (KENOVA)— NEWLY FURNISH-
' — O ed suites and single rooms; service strictly
first class; references.
QfkQ VAN NESS AYE.-NEWLY FURNISH-
01/O ed snnny rooms, with board.
HOTEL BKRTLINU. 714 BISH— A FAMILY
hotel: reffrerices: ail modern convenience.
C'UILiiKE.S BOAIiDUD. •':
\^
WANTED— ONE OR TWO SMALL CHIL-
• 1 dren to rare for at reasonable rates. Inquire
for address of J. M. H. at the Cull Ofti
ADY WISHES CHILD, NOT UNDER 3 OR 4
years, to board and give lesions in French.
452 Nniorna st.
TV- ANTED— 2 OR 3 CHILDREN FOR BOARD-
»» Ing: good home; nice family. 3414 Twenty-
sixth st.
', STORES TO LET.
I 1 Ql HOWARD— NICE STORK AND TWO
X i Ox rooms; excellent location: very mod-
erate.
XT'LEGANT STORE. WITH LIVING-ROOMS;
XJ rent reasonable. 825 Howard st. :
1 QfW HOWARD-STORE WITH 2 LIVING-
J.OV/— rooms: rent cheap.
(^9- STORE; 3 ROOMS; LIGHT CELLAR.
— «J. 1128 Howard St.. near Seventh.
A 1 U. FOCRTH— SMALL STORK WITH ROOM
ill.' In rear: low rent. Apply to G. H. U.MIiMKN
A CO., 14 Montgomery st
OFFICES TO- LET.
1 CAO MARKET— SUNNY FRONT ROOMS,
X O\JO en sul:e or single: terms reasonable.
OFFICES, MARYE LAW BUILDING, 1504
Market St., at $'_0 per suite, opposite the Lick
ma nary. ABHTON & GARDINER, 411 Mont-
gomery st.
PART OF FURNISHED OFFICE TO BENT;
X good locution. 609 Kearny, room 8.
DESK HO M CHEAP; LARGE SUNNY OF-
nVe, furnished. Call 69 Colombian building.
ST. ANN'S BUILDING, 6 EDDY ST.. CORNER
Powell— Deslrab offices, with gas. janitor and
elevator. BOVKK, TOY <fc CO.. 30 .»outKomerv.
HORSES, ■ •
BARGAIN — MUST BK SOLD: LIGHT,
strong delivery-wagon, with horse and harness,
blankets, etc, and part of camping outfit; $30; or
separately. 1705 Mission st. * . ..■
A(\ nOKSES FOR BALK; ALffO WAGONS
"v buggies, carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse
Market, 327 Sixth st: nueiion sales every Wed-
nesday. M'U.IVa.S4WiLE. Auctioneers.
AN TED-TO BUY HORSE AND CART;
TV . late price. * Si S., box 2, Call Office. .
JAKOE STABLE AND LOFT FuR KENT
J cheap. Linden aye., near Van Ness.
ALL KINDS OF TURNOUTS TO LF.T AND
for sale. M.F. BOY CK'S livery stacle, 88 12 th >c
r(\ HEAD OF HORSES HUITABLK FOR ANY
•Jwbusiness 900 to i5OO pounds. ■ Oil Tnrk-st. car
stables, ISOI Turk; team of large young mule*.
t\l\i\ SKT NEW AND bKOOND-HANU HA It-
O\J\J ness: all kinds: bogey. wacon, cart*, surrsr
4: rockawar; 40 cheap horses. ISln anU Valoicn. ■
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
TOP ROCKAWAY, EXPRESS AND 3-CAN
• X milk wagon; must be sold. . 1620 Mission at
•VTEW AND HAND BAKKR, LA UN-
-1.1 dry and milk-wagon; also fine top baggy and
rockaway. BKB Harrison st.
STORAGE. . .-..
REDUCKD KATES. PURNITUKE, PIANOB,
'XV household goods, etc. J. M. PIERCE, 785 Mkt
■■■■■MtittlHnmHMK*: <!¥*»
CITY REAL ESTATE.
REAL ESTATE "~
FOR SALE BY
THOMAS MAGEE A SONS,
4 MONTGOMERY ST.
INVESTMENTS.
/CORNER INSIDE LARK IN ST.; 100x110
V-/ and substantial impiovements; rents $270;
135,000. ■ : : ••■_?.^. _^
O'FARRKLL ST., NEAR MARKET; OLD IM-
provements; rents (140: $81,000.
Q. 1 f< *\C\(\ KKNTs $174; HOWARD ST., N.
ijp 1 U.«JUv/. tide; 28:6x1d0 aid 62:6 front on
Naioma; 2 stores on liourard-su front.
GROVE ST., If. SIDE. NEAR GOUGH; 30
\J feet front; rents $75. »3200.
"nLLIS ST.. NR. MAKICET-3-STORY BIILD-
Ju ing: large lot: rents $310.
EDDY AND POLK: 120x87:6; 2 CORNERS;
stores and flats; rents $305; $42,5t>0.
/"IORNER FOLSOM AND THIUTE < NTH STS.:
\J 75x80: $9000; fine corner for stores and flats;
both stieets accepted. _ . ;
CORNER AND INSIDE LOTS.
rpEXTH HT.-LOTa 26x100; NEARHOWARD;
1 93125, or any siz.- front.
"DEDUCED TO $300J— COR. PACIFIC AYE.
Jtan.l \V»sli:ri.'Oi St.; 20x100; unobstructed
view; facing Presidio.
\ K. COB. OF WEBSTKR AND HERMANN—
37:6x87:6; only $2b00; easy terms.
DEVIBADERO ST., NEAR WASHINGTON;
D 25x110: $3250.
A C xlOO: $2500: 23D ST., BET. CAPP AND
tic) Mission; street accepted.
BAKER ST., BET. HAIGHT AND PAGE;
lots 27:6x100; $2750.
/ILAYTON, NEAR PAGE; LOT 25x112:6;
V $2000. , • , ■■• •■ ,
HOUSES AND LOTS— ALL PRICES.
/IOUGH ST.. W. SIDE, BET. GEARY AND
\jr I'os:; 27:6x110 and 2-story residence; $7500.
rpwENTY-THIRD &.T., NKAR VALENCIA;
.1.25x114;. 2-story, . 8 rooms, . bath; street ac-
cepted.
MARINE VIEW-BUCHANAN ST.; NEW
i'l residences; - near G.een; $0000 each: very
easy terms. • -, '
iZ. f\(\ GROVE ST.. NKAR GOUGH; 2
«3)ttiJUU. flati and lot: 27:6 front. .
BUSH ST., BET. -MASO.N AND TAYLOR;
25x137:6 and 3-story residence; 19300.
€C. HEM IS, '. ~ ~~^ '.
• • REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
; ... . 324 MONTGOMERY BT.
■■/A- ..' , FOR SALE.
Choice building lot on Army and 27th sts.; doss
to electric road. .
$450— San Carlo* Villa lot; 100x160 feet.
(6700—60x127 :6 feet on > Jackson su. overlook-
ing the Presidio and bay. <
$6000—2 modern bouses of 8 rooms each at
park: 26x1-7 :6/eet; electric roaa passes houses:
make offer. - ■
(8500— Elegant NW. corner of Cole and Carl sts.
$300— building lots north of park.
Bargain— S\V. cor. Fifth ay. and C st. : 109x95 ft.
HOUSE FOR SALE. TO BE REMOVED;
very reason We. Call 1503 Larkin s .
\\r ANTED— BUY ON INSTALLMENT
*' t>lan, house 7 to 9 rooms, W. of I.eavenworth,
.N. orHaigbt; rau-i be bargain. O. P., box 7, Call
NLr 1 LEi-T-XEW HOUSES. JUST COM-
pleted: sunny side Cole st.. near Waller; 10
rooms; large lot. 125 feet deep; street to be bitu-
minized. Apply on premises.
«C(|A WILL BUY PRCPKRTV WHICH
apO\J\J nets »15 per month. ASTON, ELD<
HIDGE & CO.. 6.18 Market st.
* MEDICAL.
ALL CASES OF MONTHLY SUPPRESSION
(from whatever caus") restored In a few
hours: safe and sure at any time; Instant relief for
travelers; home in confinement; best care and
privacy, regular physician; 30 years' successful
practice: my celebrate] remedies for monthly
suppression never fail: every case guaranteed .con-
sultation fne, coniiden la!; hours 10 to 5; pills $L
MRS. UK. WYiiTU, 916 Post st., near Larkln.
DW. J. H. JO^SELYX, THE GREAT SPECIAL-
i»'., still offer) his va uabie services to the un-
lortunate. With a mind ma ured and eoriciied by
) studies of an advanced order, there is hardly a
disease In the catalogue of human ills he cannot
treat to a perfect cure. Ladles, be is always ready
to assist you. His knowledge nan been strength-
ened by extensive experience. So case peculiar
to your delicate organism Is beyond his sure con-
trol. His female monthly r< mcdi's are sure and
safe in their eft* -ci». His tiled and valuable reme-
dies fur lost manhood are never-failing in their
action, and are warranted tor both youn< and old.
•He excels all others in tba cure of private diseases,
over 5J years of practice enab es him to warrant
a cure in all cases. Consultation parlors. Hut)
Market si. Ca!l or write direct to 906 Market St.,
rooms 11 and 12. -
SURE CURE FOR ALL FEMALE DIS.
eases from whatever cans-*; a borne In con-
finement with every comfort: satisfaction guar-
anteed by MR& GWYBR, 226 Tur< at. .
A PROCESS THAT is PERFECTLY HARM-
less: never falls In any case of monthly sick-
ness, no motter what cause; no rlec.ricity hum-
bug or other dangerous methods; money In every
case refunded II a cure is not effected: traveler*
helped Immediately; years' experience; home In
confinement with, sanitarian convenience. Con-
sult free the only reliable physicians, DR. AND
MRS. da VI 14 McAllister st., next Hibernia
Bank: hours, 9 a. m. to 5 and 7 to 8 p. ii.
ANEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE OR IN-
rumen t used; every woman her own physi-
clin for all lemur trouoles, uo matter from what
cause: restores always In one day: can be s»nt
and used at nome:/all cases guaranteed; genuine
new process can only be had at my office. Adver-
tised .0 years- DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
A PROCESS THAT NEVJCR FAILS TO RK-
store every case of monthly slckntss irom
whatever cause In a few hours when medicines
and others have failed; no instruments used:
| many years' experience; every rase guaranteed;
I advice free; terms reasonable; first-class prlvatn
home for confinement. MRS. DR. DALEY, 1126
Market St., over the Owl Drugstore.
DR. FOULKTB FRENCH CAPSULES- A
guaranteed absolute cure for all female dis-
ease* (no matter what cause): positively safe and
| ■ore; no Cangrr or after effects: taken in time 1;
: also acts as a preventive: prlca $1 60 per box;
I Bent free by mall on receipt of prlc«, WALLER
{ BROS.. 33 Grant aye. "
MRS. GOODWIN. SPECIALIST. LADIES
near or far: safe. quick cure guaranteed, eny
disease or complaint: home for patients; best
skill: free diagnosis; low fees; self-cure. 401
Van Ness aye.
DR. AND MRS. WIGENF.R. 526 EDDY ST.;
private home; every comfort: separate rooms
before and during confinement: female complaints
skillfully treated; regular physician: quick relief
for travelers: .best care; terms moderate; babies
adopted In good families; consultation free; pills $2.
A LPEAUS FRKXCH PILLS— A BOON TOLA-
-A. dies with female troubles; nodauger: safe and
sure; $2 60 express C. O. IX: don't delay until too
late. OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents, Oakland
A T THE PEOPLF.'SOXE DOLLAR MEDICAL
XV. Institute all cases treated | and medicines fur-
n shed for. £1 ; call or write. 1 029 y 2 M rket su,
bet. Sixth and Seventh, ban Franciscu, Cal.
ALL FEMALE COMPLAINTS AND DlS-
eases of the eye permanently cured at lilts.
DR. ScOTT'S, 410 Geary at ; consuiutton free.
U PRAK'* FKMALE RKGULATIN'i PILLS:
safe and efficient emmenaeogue: $1 per box.
RICHARDS & CO.,druggists, 406 Clay st.,*oleagts,
DON'T fail to CONSULT dr. JORDAN at
his mnseum, 1061 Mantel st.: his SO years
f uccessful practice Is a guarantee of fair tinea.;
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mall. -
N>URPA!-bED REMEDIES FOR FEMALE
I troubles. disease*. MRS.DX. PUETZ,2S4y» 4th.
OME, A FRIEND AND MOTHER'S CARE.
MRS. DR. fUSKE. 1416 hlghth st, Alameda,
1 \R. HALL. 14 MCALLISTER STREET. NKAU
I ' Jones. Diseases of women ana children.
['•'■ ■''■ - ":}■•'. : ;.'.- LOST.
t ort OR STOLKN-SILVKR watoh AND
J J chain, between Mils and Dorson, on February
15. Return to grocery-store, corner. Clay and
Mason sis. ; liberal reward. ■
fl_ or REWARD— LOST A DIAMOND RING
<n)O«J on February 17 near corner of • Baker and
Fulton. . Return to 622 Baker; no questions asked.
INCON PARLOR, N. 8. G. W., EMBLEM
Reward at 725-7-7 Green st,
LOST— PASSBOOK WITH THE. HIBrRNIA
Savings aud Loan Society of t-an Francisco In
the name of (HARI.KS LAKIN or M.\RY
LA KIN. • The finder will please re urn to bank.
lO>T-A PASfc-BOOK WITH TH>. HIBERf
J nla savings and Loan *-ocletv of San Fran-
cUco In . the name of LYSSY KLOTZ, or MAT-
TUAUS KLOTZ: No. 162.712. . The finder will
please return to bask. ' . .'.
1 RANCH OFFICE OF THK CALL. 167 NINTH
J > st: want ad. and subscriptions taken. ,
PROFESSIONAL CARDS.
JOHN E. F.ICHARDS, LAW OFFICES. ROOmY
29 and 27, Crocker BuUolu«,- Ma«suon«Haia
76, Ban Francisco. Cat. •• - '
OHN H. AITKKN AND MAURICE L." ASHES
any* at law, inn 615.5 16. fish iloor. Parrot
, : . . PHYSICIANS. :
»R. C. C. O'DONNELL, 1206 MARKET, RES.
■L/ 2864 25th su ; diseaaei of women aspeclalt/.
.- ■ ■ »af j^i^ b "i ' >w i HrJirtirr- )w omnnn i n n if
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
VI CMAHAN ESTATE ,
COLONY TRACT
Is being sold in small holdings to actual settlers
at reasonable price* and on most favorable terms;
no land in the world i< ri her than that in the. val-
ley of the futahcr-tk; none can surpass in fer-
tllly of soil and beauty of lo at on me McMahan
rancho, adjacent to the town of Winters.
Formerly a part p' the old Wolfskin Brant,
known far and « ide is the very be.i tract of land
In California. Puta.'fcreek flows through the 31c-
Mahan tract and every foot of the 40.0 acre* now !
beln k ■ subdivided will produce anything, from
cubbages and onions to oranges, lemons and pome- I
crau:it»<. The location Is bui 75 miles iroin San
F>aucisco and is in the midst of as beautiful a
country as one couid wish to see. It is an ideal
region for the intelligent, inaustrlous, well-to-do
home-seeker. . •
Send for maps and full Information.
". . : BOVEE. TOY & SOXXTAG.
30 Montgomery st., S. F. •
TirE ARK SELLING THAT SPLrNDID NUT
ii orchard of the ' Hatch- Armstrong Nut and
trait Company; 20-»cre lots: all full-bearing
trees; don't fail to Inquire about iliN.
BOVEE, TOY & SOXNTAG, •
> 30 Montgomery st
AlO-ACKE PRUNE ORCHARD: ON LEVEL;
rich bottom land; fronting on AlameJu Creek,
in Alameda County. ■
BOVEE, TOY * SOXKTAO,
30 Montgomery st.
THE 1500-ACRE GOAD TRACT. IX ALA-
meda County, Is coins: in subdivisions of 25
acres up as low as $35 per acre; send for map
and description.
. .'■- BOVEE, TOY <fe SO.VNTAG.
. 30 Montgomery st.
BLUE LAKES SUMMER RESORT. WITH
260 acres and all bnilaing improvement-, is
off rred for sale or exchange; this proptr.y is clear
Of all debt; submit an offer.
. BOViSE, TOY & BOXXTAG.
80 Montgomery st.
A SUBDIVISION OF LITTLE ORCHARD
homes, only 3a miles from this city; 10 acres
up In full bearing on hard: • lrotitinsr stream,
county road and railroad; semi foi maps.
BoVEt, 'IOY A SONNTAG.
j\ ' 30 Montgoaitry at,
______ \
ALMOST GIVEN AWAY. "
•616 acres. $25 per acre; near San Leandro, Ala-
meda County: divided by stream running all the
year: nous? 10 looms; bar- and numerous oik-
bouses: 100 acres now In wheat; nil fenced: a
por.ion can be irrigated; .stock and tools go with
the place; an easy drive from Oakland. .
BOV_K, TOY A hONNTAG,
• SO Montgomery St.
HOTEL FOR SALE- 60 ROOMS, COM PLKTF-
U- ly furnished; livery stable and furnished resi-
dence attached: location first class: county seat;
low price to close an estate: easy terms; n>w do-
ing a good business G-O. A. RAYMOND, 314
California st. "- .
BARGAIN: CHOICE LANDS; $25 TO 835
per acre; Pieasanton. Alameda County. H. J.
DiGGLEs, 69 Columbian building, Market si.,
San Francisco.
FOR SALE— AT A SACRIFICE, 20-ALRK
1 frultrancb within 40 miles of san Francisco: s-
room house, etc: would take improved city Drop-
erty: pri c $2700. Address 410 Kearny, room 10»
LOS U<TOi-10% ACRES; HALF-HOUR
walk Irom station; house, barn, wood, water;
trade for cliy, Oakland, Alameda, Lorin; price
$2700. 2104 Kverett at., Alameda.
SEND FOR ILLUSTRATED PAMPHLET OF
California landn for sale or H. FRANCIS,
rooms 69-71, Chronicle building, s-an Francisco,
RANCH BARGAIN: $5 PER ACRE; 1280
acres Umber: plenty water; excellent stock
ranch; best part of Kern Co. 1)., box 20, Call Office.
TITTLE HOMES CLOSE TO TOWN; IM.
Xi proved; easy terms: also 4 to 12 acre pieces
on 8 and 1 I year*' . credit. D. H. TWING. So-
noma City: every Monday at 632 Market st.. s. F.
MONET TO LOAN.
A LOANS ON FURNITURE OR PIANOS,
• In S. F., Oakland or Alameda. at lowest rates;
; without removal: no commissions: no delays.
! J. NOON AN, 1017 to 1023 Mission st., above Sixth,
j telephone Jessie 41.
IOHLY KK>PtCTABLK AND PRIVATE
place to obtain the most liberal advances on
i diamond* and Jewelry at tne very lowest rates.
j Baldwin Jewelry Store. 948 Marvel.
ANY AMOUNT: IST. 2D-.OR 3D MORTGAGE.-*.
J\. estates, undivided Interests, real estate in pro-
. bate; furniture and pianos wltbou; removal.
j -cCOLUAN. ■_* Montgomery St., room 3.
A— PKIVATK AND RESPECTABLE. WITH
very light Interest. Is the secrot of our success.
I «.u:-rat« Loan Office, Flood building, . -09 Market.
! i\C\(\ AT BANK KATES: IST AND
| tJpO— O.\J\J\J 2d morteanes. estate*, rents, etc.:
I lend as low as $50. H. MURPHY. 628 Market st.
WHY PAY HIGH INT. ON (-MALI. LOANS?
We loan at 65c Interest per mo. on each $100
on 2d mortgage: any security. Gold, box 4, CalL
PRIVATE PARTY LOANS ON ANY GOOD
security; Interest .ow. Add. J. W.. box 45, Call.
ON PIANOS, 'WITHOUT REMOVAL: VERY
low Interest: no com mission. 116 Me A Hitter »v
ON FURNITURE; VERY LOW INTEREST;
\J no commission. SCRIBNER, 7 City Hall aye.
QjeOO.OOO ON CITY AND COUNTRY PRoP-
tJDUerty ; low rates. A. SCHULLKR, 420 Cala. su
I OANs ON REAL ESTATE: LOWEST RATE
iv of Interest JAS.K.BI OOKS. 214 Pine, r 5B-59.
MONEY TO LOAN ON REAL KSTATK: ANY
amount. WILLIAMS. 214 Pine st., room 3.
fl« r A 1O $50,000; Low tar KAXJt; i»T *iU
0 OVJ mortgage: rial or lnstlmnt. Dryden, 635 Cat.
DVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JKWKJJKY.KTO
Columbia Loan A i ollnieral Otllce. V rant >v«.
MONEY WANTED.
Qt9P»nn WANTED FOR TWO YEARS ON
(iP-wW property worth $6000; will Day 8 per
cent. Address 8.. box 70, Call Office.
- MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A BSOLUTELY THE OLDEST AND LARGEST
IV house west of Chicago is KOHLEK *
CHASE'S. 86, 28 and 30 u'Farrells'.; pianos, or-
gan* and all other musical Instrument*, or all
grades and prices; terms, »■:«>•-. prices lowest:
everything possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
A CTUALLY THE BEST BaKGAINs IN PI-
A anos; monthly payments f.orn »5 up; deliv-
ered free with s'.ojl and cover; correspondence
solicited. THE F. W. SPENCER COMPANY,
salesrooms 933 Market su, opp. Mason; estab
llahed aver 20 years.
A T LESS THAN COST: ENTIRE KMPORIUM
A music department; Shaw. Chick ertng. $235-
Sobmer, $245; Sieinway, $195; $3 up no interest.
HEINE, 136 -Ills st.
1 OKA "FIDE ' RKDUCTION IN PRICES—
I ' HairiVs. Knabe, Bush it Gert* and others: sec-
ond-hand pianos from $100 up. W. C. HAMIL-
TON, successor to A. L. Bancroft A Co., 324 . osu
ALMOST. NEW GRAND UPRIGHT PIANO
cheap; party going back East. 1200 Webster.
©1 90 HAZELTON UPRIGHT, STOOL,
V ■»—■«• cover; $5 lottallmts. 221 Leavenworth.
BEST BARGAINS IX THK CITY FOR THE
X> next 5 days at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st.
YOU ARK WELCOME To CREDIT AT
1 BRUENN'S piano house, 228 Post sL
OUR RENT CONTRACT PLAN ENABLES
every family to have a fine new piano. SHJi.it-
MAN, CLAY & CO., Kearny and Suiter sts.
A DMINISIRATOK'S SALE — MUST SELL,
JtX. pianos at Immense reduction for cash or -on.
Ins ailments. EATON ESTATE, 735 Markeu
HY PAY KENT FOR A PIANO WHEN
the same monthly payments will purchase
one at kukkMan, CLAY <£ co.'a •
HE BEST PIANOS OF EVKRY GRADE,
1 from Melnway down, can be found at t-Hliil-
MAN, CLAY & CO.'a • •- /
BAHGAIX. FINK LARGE UPR IGHT.CHE AP
SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister.next Hibernla Bank.
AT SHKRMaN, CLAY & CO.'S ONLY .WILL
you find a stock of new stein way pianos ,
TTORNUNG'S PI\NO; MOST PKRFBCT;
JZL brilliant and powerful tone. - 216 Post at.
WG. BADOEIt. SOi.E A EN T FOR HALLET
.4 Davis and Francis Bacon pianos. 41 bacto.
IANOs SOLD AT SHKRMAN, CLAY <fc c67d
on very easy payments. , ■■■; • . ■■-.:..
YROX MAfZY. S0» ' PoST ST.—^OHMtH,
N ewbv 4 Kvani, Briggs anil other pianos.
OUPKRIOR VIOLINS. ZITHKKS, OLD* NEW
kJ H. MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 la:ham place.
I BICYCLES. • .
C_OQ J>IGH-GRADB PHO3NIX WHEEL;
CT-.0. nearly new; cost $10u. I^oy_ Turk si.,
lower flat. . : ■
00-INCH PHO3NIX BICYCLE: NEARLY
-5O new; $32 60. 921% Capp st. ;
<_/!-. -BEN-HUR," BRAND NEW: REOU-
«3p -kO. lar price $85: guaranteed l%b grade.
GOLDEN KULK BAZA 718 Market at. -
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY. ;
• ' OAKLAND SEAL ESTATE.
*I?OR A-FKW DAYS ONLY - .
X, $SSO-Cot.agß of 4 rooms, lot 60x137:
stab «•, well of good water, 1% block from ehctric
road : terms. . . .7
Cottage of 5 rooms and bath: high base-
ment partly floored; lot 50x100; good stable
chicken-house, good well with pump, tine water;
b ban;ain: 5 minutes" waU from local station:
terms, IOWEKY, OWEN & CO., limited?. Fruit-
vale, near station. -
'Crl 52 T >ft ' LODGING- HOUSE, 40 ROOMS;
•i r xujv;. paying we 1: inveitigation solicited:
wll si. ow boons, give trial and expla nna on lor
selling in full. » pply at once, ALnE , GaK-
FIELD jNVESTMENI COMPANY. 902 Broad-
way, oak lah d. ■
T AM.AUTHi RJZKJD BY THK BANK TO
■I sell a modern broom house; flrst-ciuss condi-
tion: 2 blocks to local station iv.i electric-cars-
lot 44x100; cost original owner $450U: can < c had
for tbe mortgage, f2B00; part cash. J. S. MYivß.s.
1002 Bread **y, Oakland.
CjO^OM VOUrt OWN TJSKMS; ONE
*sP^*J\f\', block to local train: modern cottage-
a b*r aln: also se- our flß.'O house. \v M. P.
TODD. 1102 Broadway, OaKiund.
TV" ANTED— PLACE IX ELMHUKST IN EX-
■ "» change for very larze lot and modern 5 room
cottaieein Lorln: price $2250: no mortgage. Ap-
ply immedia:e.y to A. J. &NYDEK it CO., 467
Ninth St.. i akland.
Oft 7X TO fl6'J FOR CHOICK BUILDING
.VP • *J lots in the town of jmchbuns; a new sta-
tion established near Oakland, on the Hay ward i
and Sau Leandro local line, by the Southern Pacitta
Company; only 45 minutes from san Francisco
and 6 minutes from Oakland: electric-cars every
ew minutes; terms to suit buyers. Apply to
C M. KUNKLK, owner. VilOV a Wasnlngtuu sl,
Oakland CaL .
ALAMEDa ADVERTISEMENTS
AtAMEDV KiiAL FSTATf!.
IPOUR NEAT 5-Rr;OM COTTAGI.S: GOOD !
• location; always ren:ed; unlimited water sup- !
ply on premises: 10 per cent returns meed.
Fine new 7-room cottage; excellent loca ion;
near station; also much other desirable proper, y;
will sell a: a very low figure. Apply or write A.
R. DEN KE, 1503 seventh St., Alameda, Cal.
O-ROOM M DERX 2-ST..KY HOUSE AND
«■/ bath. 1 minute from Chestnut-st. station, Ala-
meda, for sale; y-i cash, balance easy tbrms: or
lease: lot 60x150; rino garden, greenhouse, lawn
and chicken-yard: reason for selling, sickness.
Address 8.*.., box 65, Call Office.
N ACCOUNT OF LEAVING WILL SELL
large 6-room medern cotiace on double lot nt '
great-sacrifices location most desirable and con-
venient. Apply to owner, N. BARTON, 1437 Mc-
Vherson St., Alumeda. .' '
■©9J.-A KHONT FOOT; 100x150; STKKET
tip~*rz work all done: on a main avenue: 2 blocks
Irom Willow-street station. W. B-FIi'CH Bay
Station. Alameda, or MAN LYON, 215 Kearny
St., San Francisco.
l. ARGAINS-S3O P.- R FOOT IS ON NORTH
M side San Antonio aye., near Grand St.
«] 250— 60x150; ran Jos'* aye., nr. Willow st.
$1750—50x150. .new modern house. & rooms
and Lath; nor.ii slue ut street; must be sold at
once.
Many other sacrifices. .
AL4MKDA. LAND CO..
■ .t , ' 1500 Park gt-.-Alameda.
ALAMEDA BOOMS AND HOUSES.
A LAMED A FURNISHED HO^S^TTF6~LET^
xV Nice modern-built 6-room cottage to let or
lease: furnished or partly furnished; nice garden;
most desirable location. 1437 McPhprson at., bet.
Ma-stick (brood gauge) and Encinal Park (narrow
gauge) railroad stations. . -
TITI DOW H WING GOOD HOME NEAR
• ? schools and trains would like to board wid-
ower with one or two children: mother's care:
moderate terms. Address J. R., box 7, Call
Office, Oakland.
CljOw FIRST-CLASS MODERN HOUSK: IN
vD±)O. best repair; 8 rioms: bath: conserva-
tory: lawn: chicken yard; . splendidly locate 1.
2067 San Jose aye., Alameda, or inquire H. A.
SMITH, 27 Market st.
C-KOOM MODERN HOUSE, WKLL LOCATED^
O $35. See H. A. SMITH, 27 Market st, or at
residence, 2067 San Jose aye.. Alameda. .
r BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
MUST BE SOLD; NO REASON A BLiToFFER
I*l refused: house of 6 rooms: bath: stable; chic
co-house: street work done: near the cars. JOS.
J. MAS' >N. Berkeley stHtion ...
•" 1.1.11K1.1.1.k HOUSES.
ITURNISHED 8-ROOM HOUSE COMPLETE,
I. bath, gas. laundry; near 3 car lines. MltS. S.
J. I-\GALLs«, Bancroft way. Berkeley.
PROPKRTY TO EXCHANGE.
TMPROVED STOCK RANCH To EXCHANGE
X for good "chicken much; will pay some cash.
Exchange, box 131, Call. ... .
T\riLL .RADE A VALUABLE RANCH OF
1 1 hbout 1800 acres In Southern Oregon for
property- in Tacoma, Portland or Seattle: ranch
produces an income; is under feuce; 200 acres
under cultivation: ti:le perfect and free from in-
cumbrance. CALVIN PHILIPS, Tacoma. Wash-
ington.
FINE NEBRASKA FARM, 160 ACRES, $5000
lor business or property. DECKER, 1020 Mkt,
CKND FOR OUR Liar OF ORCHARD HOME:*
O »or »a!t». WQQSTF.k A. WHITTd.V, San Jo»i».
PROPERTY WANTED.
TV" ANT D— FROM STO 10 ACRES OF LAND,
»T with small house. J. J. DJiCKER, Station X,
San Francisco, Cal. ;
>;-*■; HOTELS. J
BROOKLYrr^H^KLT^MB^2I2*^USH^bTr
If board and room $1 to $2 per dt./, $6 to $12
per week; choice rooms 50 cents to 91; suite
looms for family $1 to si 60 per night: tirst-class
service; iree. coach. CHAHLKS MONTGOMERY
LEGAL 'NOTICES.
"VTOTICK TO CBEDITORS-KSTATK OFSOLE-
-Li DADUNDv HEKRERA, alias deceased.
. Notice Is hereby given by ihe undersigned. A. C.
FKEESE. administrator of the estate of SOLE-
DaD UNDA HERRERA, alias deceased, to the
creditors of, and all persons having claims against
the said deceased, to exhibit them, with the neces-
sary vouchers, within four months after the first
publication of this notice, to the said administra-
tor, at room 35, Chronicle building, corner of
Geary and Kea ny s.reeti. the sumo being his
place for the transaction of the business of the sad
estate in the CUy and County of San Francisco,
State of California. • ■ ■ • ; •
A. C FRKESE, Administrator of the Estate of
SOLEDAD UNDA HE.KKERA, alias deceased.
Dated at San Francisco, February 6. 1897,
. J. D. SULLIVAN, Attorney for Administrator.
"VTOTICE TO CREDITORS— nT ATE OF F. W.
-Li ST r IN, deceased. Notice is hereby given by
tne nnderslsned, A. C. FREEZE administrator of
the es ate of F. W. STEIN, deceased, to the credi-
tors of ■ and all person* liav:n? claims against the
said deceased, to exhibit them with the I necessary
vouchers, within tour months after the first publi-
cation of this notice, to the said administrator, at
room 36, Chronicle building, corner of Geary and
Kearny streets, the rime being his place for the
transaction of the business of said estate in the
City and County of San Francisco, State of Call-
fornia.
A. C. FREKSE, administrator of the estate of F.
W. STEIN, deceased.
Dated at San Francisco. February 5, 1897.
J. D. SULLIVAN. Attorney for Administrator. ■
"V7OTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT THERE
XI are funds In the treasury to redeem bonds
issued on Levee Dinr.ct .so. 1 of Sutler County,
Cai.. according to an act of the- Legislature ap-
proved April 9.-1880, us' follows, to wit: Bond No
93, $500; bond No. 92, $500: bond No. 91, SJOO-
bond No. 90. $500; bond Na 89. $500: bond n o
88. $500; bond Na «7. $500; bond No. 86, *500-
-bond No. 85, $500: bond No 84. $500; bond No'
83, $600: 'Olid No. 82, $600; bond No. 74, 8500-
-bond So. 73, $500: bond No. 72, $500; bond No'
71. »500. and bond No. 70. $500; and that at the
expiration of thirty days lrorn the date of this
notice if said bonds are not presented for redemp-
tion the interest thereon will cease, from and after
which lime no interest shall be allowed on said
bonds.' !. j. COPE,
- Treasurer of sutler County, CaL
Dated Yuha City, February, 18 897.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following; .marriage " licenses have .bean
issued by the' County Cleric's office:
Patrick Mahoney and Norah • rowiey. 28—
:; H. H. Bryon and Gnssle Belsenmenger. 25—24.
; W. M. Cad ieli and Cath-rine D. Fulton, 33-^6.
- John Hemme and Sophia E. Wilson; 30—16.
V. A. H Chevesich and Louie B. Robin ton, 21— 18.
-' B. Landueci and Mercy .••Iramontez. 21—20.
Martin >. Nolan and :>.ary A. Curtis, SO— 26.
John O. Ha?!und and .>■ aria B. Nelson, 30- 28.
Peter Sweeney and Mary J. Collins, 22-^24.
■ P ul Graves and Anm 1* M. !»teeu. 19—19.
Mo row H. Pierce and Annie Zrtler. 2 —18.
— MARRIAGES —
Birth, m»rrl.is» an.l death notices sent by mall
will not, bs Inserted. They must be handed in a:
either of tie publication offices and be lndors»i
with the name an 1 rHsldt)no»o( person aatnanseJ
to have mo tame publlshad. | .
. BORN.
CHADBOURMC-February 25, 1897, to the wife ■
of -H. F. Chadbouroe, a daughter.
FALK— February 19, 1897, to the wife of Olof A.
. Falls, a daughter.
KLEIN— In this city, February 28,1897, to the
wife of Fred Klein, a daughter.
MARK IE D.
CAVITT— ANDERSON— In this cr.y, February
■ 21. 1897, by the Key. Dr X K. Dll c. Thomas F.
; Cavittof san Francisco and Fannie R. Ander-
son of Wen Oakland, Cal.
FRKKM AN— GRKULrCH— in this city. February
25, 1897. by the Rev. Dr. E. B. Lille, Dr. Forrest
B. Freeman and Freda Greullcn, both ot San
Franci-.co. . . #
MAHER— MCCARTHY— rn this city. February
24, 1^97,1 John, B. dialler and Annie L. .Mc-
i arthy. ,
BINDER— TaUKE— In thli city. February 25.
1««7, by the Key. J. H. Schroeder, Edward Bin-
der and RosUle M. lniike.
WALKER-ELLIOTT— In Oakvale, February 22.
1897, br the R«v.-R. & Sy niln/ton. C G. Walker
0 san Francnoj and I*. Elizabeth D. Elliott of
1 anvil c, Ca'..
UlcH.
Buckley, nannah .- MacKenz:e Mrs. M. 8.
Carr, Sarah O'O^n nor. Mary A.
Donovan. -Vary C. Peppier. M irU C.
>agan, Cathcrlna Peterson, Martin
Fos <T, lieori{H K. Reynold Annie
* Har]>s, 'August K. Koaoh. Thomas A.
Ills. Joel (•'. ■ Bourse. Peter
Hoey, MU hael  S-ltz Doro h?a
Johnston, Jennie Smith captain R.
Knvana?n. Lillian R. Tumanovich, Andria
Kearney. Kittle j V ncent. >amnei
Lawrence, Jamas J. - Ware. Mehi abjl M.
Welcoma. Mary i ,
BUCKLEY— In this ci.y. February 24, 1897, Han- )
nah Buckley, a native of County Cork, irelanJ,
v.'el 50 years. [Boston (Mass,) paper* please
copy.]
49" Friends and acquaintances are respec:-
fu y Invited. to attend trie funeral THIS uaY
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m.. from the resi-
dence o( tier cousin. Mrs. M-*phen Gunn, 1583
Tur.c street, thence to Holy Cross Church for
service.i. interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CARR— in this city, February 26, 1 '97, Sarah,
beloved daughter of Jo<epn and Mary Carr. a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 2- years 11 mouths
and 7 >tavs.
Interment private. "' "
DONOVAN— In this city, February 26, 1897.
.Mary Catherine, dearly beloved daughter of
Jeremiah and Bridget Donovan, and sister of
Joseph J. Donovan, ana'iveof sau Francisco,
aged 7 ye»rs 9 months and a days.
fly Friends and acquaintances are resne-t-
-fu ly invited to attend Hit* funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 12:SQ o'clocK p. m.. from the
residence of the parents, 2(iB Noe *ire»t, tnenca
to Misiion Dolores church, Sixteenth and
Dolorej reets, for services. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.'
EAGAN— In this city, Feorunrv 25, 1897, Cath-
erine, relict of tha late Wi Him Ka?an. and
beloved mother of Mm. D J. i:elay and James
K. and William J. Eagan. a native of County
.'llppernry. Ireland. asea 79 /eari. ...
«3"The funeral will tak? place THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock p. it.. irom the par-
lors of James McMenomey & Son, 1057 Mission,
s.ree , the.m- to St. Joseph's Church for serv-
ices. Interment private. Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery. .
FOSTER— In this city. February 26, 1897. George
X., telovrd husband or Anuie >.. Foster, a na-
tive or New ■> or.».
43* Friends and acquaintances and mem-
bers of the I. O. 1!. m. are respectfully in-
vi-el toattend thefuneral services TO-.M OR ROW
. (Sunday), at 1 o'clock p. m.. at his luo residence,
30«(JA 8 x eenth street. Interment Mount Oli-
vet Cemetery.
HANJES— m this city, February 26. 1897, Au-
gust Freddie, i»etove.J son of A. F. and' Annie
Hanjes, a id brother of Martha Haujes a native
of Sun Francisco, aged 1 year 6 months aud 1
day.
Funeral TO-MORROW (Sunday), at 2
o'clock p. M.. from the residence of his parents.
174 Lexington avenue, between Klslr.eeuth and
Nineteenth streets. Interment private.
HILLS— In this city. February 26, 1897, Joel F.
Hills, a native or Maine, a«ei 12 years.
HOEY— in thii citr. February 26, 1897, Mlchae',
beloved- husband of Ellen Hoey. an I father of
Lizzie. Michael, Mamie. William n,i J tup lad
John Hoey, a native or County Sllko, Ireland,
a~ed 72 > ears. fVlrgiuia papers please copy.'
■ £3T"l'*rleiid3 And acquaintances are respect-
fully invitea to attend tue mneral TO-MOKiiO^v*
(Sunday), at 1 :30 o'clock p. it., irom his late
residence. 223 Clara street, thence to St. Put-
rick's Church for services. Interment Holy
Cros* Cemetery. "■-.;.
JOHNSTON— In th's city. February 26, 1897.
Jennie, beloved daughter of Charles ana Marr
Johnston, a native of Eurska, o'al., aged 12
' years and 7 mouths.
KaVaNAGH— In this city. February 23, 1897,
Lillian Ruth, teloved daughter of Edward and
Bridget Kavanagh. a native of San i-iauoiscu,
a ed 9 months aud 16 days. ' ■
KEARNEY— In this city, February 26, 1897,
Kittle Kearney, formed r of o:ocK:on, Cal., a
native of Wisconsin, a^ed 18 years 8 months
and 7 days.
JS3~Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO- .MORROW
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock a. m.. from the par-
lors of Tbeodor DierKs. 957 Misslo.i street, be-
tween Fifth aid Sixth, and thence Dy train
leaving Third and Townsend streets at 11:311
o'clock a. H. to Cypr«sj Lawn cemetery for la-
terment.
LAWRENCE— In Berkeiev. Feoroarr 28. 1897,
James John, beloved utp.iew and adopted son of
John and Nellie Lawrence, aged 15 years and 4
months.
Funeral services will be held TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. m . at St. Mark's
Church, Bancroft way.. Interment private. . - .
MACKENZIE— In San Jose, February 25, 1897,
Mrs. Marie Stewart MacKeuze, widow of ma
late Donald Ma:Keuzie, a native of Scotland,
ag»d bi year*. ■
' 43~Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
ful. invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday)^* 2 o'clock p. m., from the family
residence, zl9 Guadulupe street. '
O'CONNOK— In (his city. February 28. 1897,
Mary Ann. beloved sister of Bridzet O'Connor,
a native of DownpAtrick, County Down, Ireland,
aged 81 years.
PEPPLKR-In this city. February 24. 1897. Ma-
ria Crisenthia. beloved wife of Jacob Peppier,
and mother of Godfrled Heegler of Naoa City
and Araallo Adrian of Ulm,. Wurtemberg, Ger-
many, a native of Wurtemoerg, Germany, aged
72 years.
&3~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fnii • Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 7:30 o'clock a. m.. from the par-
lors of Gautner & Guntz, 8 and 10 City Hall
square, thence to St. Boniface Church, Golden
~ Gate avenue, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 8 o'clock a. x. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
PETERSON— In Los Anseles. February 26. 1897,
Martin, belowd brother of Charles Peterson, a
native of Christian ia, Norway, aged 35 years.
ROACH- In this city, February 26. 1897, Thomas
Albert, beloved son or James F. and Bosie
Roach, a native of San Francisco, aged 3 months
and 2 days.
£5" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fnil. Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 11 o'clocic a. m., from the. resi-
dence or the parents, 24 Minna street. Inter-
ment Holy Cress Cemetery.
REYNOLDS— In this city. February 2*. 1897.
Annie, beloved child of Andrew and Eliza
Reynolds, aged 9 months and 6 days. -
KUCRKK-Jn this city, February 25. 1897. Peter,
beiove 1 husband of lien KourKe. and father of
James, Joseph, Thomas. John, Nellie and Katie
Rourke and Mrs. Joseph R. O'Connor, a native
of County Gal way, Ireland, aged 57 years.
£4- friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the f ineral TO-MORKOW
(Sunday;, at 10:30 o'clock a. m.. from his lain
residence, I^ot> (.rove street, thence to Sacred
. Heart Cnurcn, Fell and more streets, where a
solemn requiem ma«« will be celebrated for th»
repose of -his soul, commencing at 1 L o'clock
a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BEITZ— In this city, February 28. 1897. Dorothea,
if.- of the late Christian s-itz, and b-ioved
mot her of Marie A.,Henrv J.,Chiisttan X., Charles
A.. Leonar J G. and Dora Seltz, a native of Kiel.
Holstein, Germany, aged 60 years 8 months and
25 days.
AST Notice of funeral hersartT. >< »: '
SMITH— In this city, February 26, 1897, Captain
. Richard Smith, a native of England, agei 65
years.
TOMANOVICH— In this city, February 24.1897,
Andria. beloved husband of Drage Tomanovlcb,
father of Bosko, uiuro and stevo Tomauo-
vich. consin of stane .Mlccevlca. »nd uncle of
Busllka Marich and Nene Radonich, » native of •
Bocke dl Cattaro. Uenovich. Austria aged 45
year. 9 mouths *nJ 10 days. ■
43~Frlends and acquaintances ' are respect-
fully Invited to a-.fiul toe funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock p. m.. from nls late
residence. 35 Prescott place, off Vallejo street,
between Sansome and Montgomery stree s,
thence to tie Russian church for services. In-
terment Russian plat. City Cemetery.
VINCENT— In Alameda, February 24, 1897,
Samuel.' beloved husband of Catherine Vincent,
and brother of Ricnard and Thomas Vincent,
a native oi England, aged 12 yean 8 months an
! IS) days.
4t4TTho funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 11 o'clock a. m, from hU late
residence. 2114 Bnenu. Vtsta avenue, Alamada.
WAKE— In San Rafael, Febrja'ry . 26, 1837.
Mehitabel Marvin, widow of the late ('reserved
Ware.'a native of Alburgh, Vt., aged 80 years 9
months and 1 1 days.
Funeral services TO-MORROW (Sunday),
fit 9 o'clo:< a. m.. at the residence of her son-ma-
w. Dr. W. F. Jones. laterment at ?aata Rosa
upon arrival of the noon train.
WELCOMK— In this city, February 25. 1897,
Mary A., beloved wife of Adolpnus P. Welcome,
a native of New York, agrd 40 years 7 months
and 14 days. [New York papers please cop}*. J
*y Friends and acquaintances are respect-
ful! .- Invited to attend the funeral TO- MORItOW
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock p. K. from Pythian
Castle. 909 . Marked street. Interment Laurel
Hi j Cemetery, y •
I" IVicAVOY A GALLAGHER, T
FONKRAL DIRECTORS & EMBALM
80 atftb St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 3080.
LAUREL HILL
; CEMETERY ASSOCIATION
IS PREPARED TO CONTINUE THE SALE
of burial p:ats and graves in its cemetery and
give deeds. '■
Perpetual care of lots will be arranged for at th»
Superintendent's ollic> at the cemetery, corner
Bush street an.l Central avenue. (San Francisco.
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERT,
SAN MATEO COUNTY: NEAREST CESI&
tery to the city; non-sectarian; in no seas* as-
elusive: location unexcelled. OB)c» bV7 HMS&O
«ue«i. Kouibeusi corner «* tiit*. .
1516
MANEUVERS
FOR DELAY
Another Postponement in
the Big Pencil Deeds
Case.
OF MANY FAIR LAWYERS
ONE IS ILL.
Graven Attorneys Make a Vigor
ous but Vain Fight
for Trial.
SOME EOT SHOT FOR BONANZA
INTERESTS.
The Heirs of the Millionaire Accused
cf Questionable Tactics to
Delay Matters.
•Of the army of lawyers in the employ of
the Fair millions one is sick, and the great
litigation bas for this reason come to a
stands! ill again. Despite the strenuous
opposition of her attorneys the fight be
tween Mrs. Craven and the representatives
of the bonanza king's estate on the pencil
deeds has been again postponed, this time
until Alarch 15.
It is W. M. Pierson who is the invalid,
and in addition to stopping the progress
ol th-e case temporarily his illness has set
tieJ a piece of legal etiquette.
Judge Siack heard affidavits of his part
ner, R. B. Mitchell, and Dr. Luke Robin
son yesterday morning, and learned that
Ficrson occupies the distinction ol being
th« leading counsel in the galaxy of legal
talent that has been in the employ of the
Fair estate for the past two years.
In vain Mrs. Craven's attorneys fought
against lurther delay. They were ready
:\nd anxious to try out the big case at once.
It was useless that they remembered that
tli ere were almost a score of big lawyers
raking care of tiie Fair interests in addi
tion to -Pierson. Pel ma? narrated the re
peated excuses made by the attorneys who
aTe fiphling the pencil deeds. He recalled
'*" that the Fair people had advertised it far
• and wide, that the case again<t the pencil i
deeds was so plain that it amounted 10 a I
"mathematical and ocular demonstra
tion." The other side had no appetite
for arithmetic.
The" proceedings yesterday were argu
l mentative on a motion on behalf of the
Pair estate to continue the case on ac
count of Pierson'a illness. The Craven
• s.:d» fought bitterly against the delay.
•'I will state," said Attorney Delmas.
after Mitchell had told Judge Slack of
Pierson's illness and urged it as the
'ground of delay, "that Mr. Mitchell com
municated with me on February 8 or 9 a
• request that I should consent to a con
tinuance of the trial for one week on ac
count of tiie absence of his partner. Mr.
■ Pjerson, in New Yocfc. and who would not i
be b.ck untii March 1& This req -i-st I
positively declined to accede to, and so
informed Mr. Mitchell. On the same day
1 was served with a notice signed by the
attorneys for the plaintiffs ttigtihey would
. • move the court at 2 o'clock of the same
day to re-set the case, or to continue it
until the 23d of February. I came to this
court for the purjio-eof opposing that mo
tion. Mr. Mitchell then appealed to me j
. personally, as a matter of courtesy to him j
ana to his firm, stating that Mr. Pierson
was absent in New York upon important
matters and could not possibly be back in
time to try the case, ami assured me that
if I consented to that continuance they
. • would appiy for no further continuance ;
and he went so far as to state that if we
applied for a continuance he would op
"pose if.
'.'Upon that assurance I consented to a |
continuance for one week, and it was dis
tinctly understood and stated at th» time
both by Mr. Pierson and myself and in
the. presence ot Mr. McKnerney that no
•. further ooutinuance would be applied for.
We consequently prepared for trial for the
L'3d of this month, .md were then ready
and desirous to go on with the trial of the
case. At that time we were met with
what seemed to m • to be a violation of the
agreement entered into and by means of
which the continuance had b»en secured,
or the consent lor the continuance had
been secured, by a motion for a continu
ance for one week on the eround of Mr.
Pierson's sickness Thecourt at that time
continued the cas* for one week, announc
ing, as I understood it, that counsel must
1 hen be prepared, as the court would grant
no further continuance. We have since
that time renewed our preparation for the
trial ol ;he case, and are, and will be
ready to go on at the time set for it, next
week.
• Now, so far as Pierson has had the ex
clusive charge of this suit for the firm I
would state that Mr. R. B. Mitcnell, his
partner, has been present and actively
participated in every important proceed
ing that has taken place in this case, and
himself has personally taken the deposi
tions of the chief witnesses, or many of
• thecliief witnesses for the defense, to
wit. Miss Margaret Craven, Mr. Stephen
Roberts and Mrs. Haskir.s, and others
that I could recall by taxing n:y memory
"but do :iot now remember. I will state
:urt:ior t bat lam informed and believe
that Mr. .MrEn-rney, now present in
court, and one of the counsel for the
plaintiffs, is ;uily prepared and has com
pleie knowledge of every essential fact and
of every detnil of every essential fact
necessary for the presentation of the case
ill the plaintiffs, and I would add to that,
which is Imriily necessary in this court,
thnt Mr. McEnerney, in point of legal
ability to ITT this case, is inferior to no
member of this or any other bar.
"I wiil state further that I am informed,
and the gentleman who informs mo is mv
assistant, Mr. Brittain, who probably isiii
NEW TO-DAY.
TfCHING"
vKIN
DISEASES
Sp«tot Curb Treatment for tortnrlng, dlsflv.
nring, Itching, burning, and scaly skin and scalp
diseases with loss of hair. — Warm baths with Co-
ticura Soap, gentle applications of Cuticuh*
(ointment), and fall doses of Cutiouiu Bksol-
; vmkt, greatest of blood parifiera and humor cures
(gticura
1^ Is sold throu»hont the world. Pottsb
Dbt-o ft Chsm. Corp.. Bole Props;, Boston.
ay " How to Cnre Itching Skin Dl*u*t*,"fnt.
RED ROUGH HANDS^c^^^ 4 -
court, that Mr. McEnerney requested to
know of him In the latter part of lasc
week, Or the oeginning of this week, after
the continuance had been granted by your
Honor, whether we would surely go on
with the trial of the case on the day it was
next set for; that they desired to know, as
they would apply for no further'continu
ance, and wished to be informed whether
we /ould. Mr. McEnerney was informed
that we were ready then, as we always
had been, to try the case whenever it was
called.
"I wili state further as a part of my
statement, before my friend commences,
that it is a matter of public notoriety that
has been given wide circulation in the
newspapers, that the lack of merit in this
case and the fraudulent character of the
legal instrument*, the deeds upon which
Mrs. Craven relies, is so plain that it
amounts to a mathematical and ocular
demonstration, and that being so, there
could be no great difficulty, and it would
require no great preparation and no very
great legal ability to demonstrate so plain
a proposition."
McEnerney in reply graciously admit
ted that Pierson was boss of the show on
his side of the house. He represented Ex
ecutor Goodfellow, while Pierson repre
sented Executors Angus and Crothers,
and it was a case of the majority con
trolling. He would appeal for delay on
the ground of pure and simule humanity.
"Now I will say to your Honor," said
Del mas in reply, "that I am happy to
state that the relations which have ex
isted between myself and the gentlemen
who represent the plaintiffs in this case
have been in.irKed throughout, 1 think 1
may safely say, on both sides with the
utmost courtesy, and have been exceed
ingly pleasant and agreeable, and I have
no doubt will continue so to the end, no
matter what may be the o'her animosities
that may be engendered by the tr.al of a
case of this kind.
"But we never have wished for delay.
We are under lire and accusations and
criminal prosecutions, and Grand Juries
invited to make manifest our guilt and so
forth. "We are ready to be tried. We are
anxious 10 be tried. We do not want to
be tried before a Grand Jury upon an ex
parte proceeding. We want to be tried in
court openly, where we can be heard as
well us the other side. And I do not
think— your Honor certainly would not
have granted a continuance on account of
Mr. Pierson's absence, your Honor could
not have granted it if Mr. Pierson had ab
sented himself knowing that this case was
set for trial. Indeed, if your Honor
please, it had been set for trial by mutual
consent aud to suit the convenience of all
parties.
"It would have suited the convenience
of both Mr. Mitchell's firm and my own
to have tried it here in January, it did
not suit that of Mr. McEnerney, who had
other engagements. It was set by consent
for the 2d of February. Your Honor well
knows that with we attorneys somewhat
busy tiic preparation of a case of this kind
necessitates the suspension of other work,
the subordination of other engagements,
and that when counsel have made ti.eir
arrangements to try a case to have it
unhinged and set adrift is a great annoy
ance — a great disturb.vice to the whole
business of their office und their personal
convenience. Were I not entirely satis
tied that during the two weeks which are
asked for there will be nothing done in
this case thut cannot be done iully as well
by counsel now present as by unybody
else, it miijht be a different proposition.
"But what will there be done during
I those two weeks? The jury will be em
paneled — it will tats probably a week to
get a jury in a case that has attracted so
much attention ; it will take us a week
and more, doubtless, to put in our case.
Counsel are certainly competent to cross
examine our witnesses. Mr. McEneruey
certainly is; Mr. Mitchell certainly is.
And at the end of two weeks Mr. Pierson
can take his piace at the trial-table and
proceed without any inconvenience, with
out any loss to anybody.
"We wish to go to trial, if your Honor
please, before by this decimating process
i of criminal prosecution and Grand Jury
I indictments our witnesses have all been
j crippled and defamed. That is what we
wish. We wish them to appear here in
this court where they can be examined at
length. And if, as has been stated, their
guilt is so manifest that it is provable be
yond a reasonable doubt, so as to satisfy
the exigencies of even criminal law, what
difficulty is there in making their guilt
manifest in this court as well as any
other?"
Mitchell in reply said he had endeavored
Ito live up to his agreement. It was not
his fault that Pierson was sick. Me-
Enerney added a similar plea.
Here W. \\ . Foote proceeded to get in a
word, and it did not tend 10 throw any oil
on the troubled waters.
"This is a civil case," hep an Foote,
"pending before your Honor, but it is be
ing tried in other tribunals, as your Honor
i must well" know. The machinery of the
! Superior Court has been disjointed, as it
1 were, and been turned into a committing
magistrate's court, for what purpose I
know not, and I do not charge it upon
eiiher of these gentlemen, but for the pur
pose of trying t:;e civil case in that crim
inal proceeding. The detective lorce of
this City has been brought into that crim
inal case for tue purpose, as 1 believe, of
damaging us in this civil case. The Grand
Jury lias been invoked, and even now our
principal witness, who has the custody of
these deed*, is under subpena to produce
these deeds before the Grand Jury this
afternoon.
"It has been intimated time and time
again that these deeds would not be pro
duced here when called for in this civil
case. We do not know what will become
of them if every outside and officious
person is permitted to handle these
deeds, whether they wiil be lost or de
stroyed or mutilated. We desire to try
thi^case now, it your Honor please, now
when it is set, for the very reason that we
do not desire to be hampered further. It
has been stated, and we have generally
understood, that the purpose of these
criminal proceedings was to intimidate
witnesses whom we desire to produce.
"Your Honor must recognize, from your
experience as a man, that where witnesses
who swear to certain facts are dragged up
and prosecuted before the Superior Court
lor perjury, where they are held for per
jury and where that does not seem to be
sufficient, the Grand Jury is dragged into
the Supetior Court and instructed to do
certain things, that .some of our witnesses
might naturally be intimidated. We have
no chance in the Grand Jury room. It is
a secret tribunal, an inquisitorial tn
bunai. Our main witness, or at least one
of ibem, Mr. Roberts, will be there this
afternoon without the protection of coun
sei and with the power of the State op
posed to him.
"We want to try this case In your
Honor's court where we know we will get
justice In a civil proceeding, before twelve
jurors in that box, who will only bear
sworn testimony, and where we will have
an opportunity of protecting our wit
nes»es. and we invite these gentlemen to
the conflict wh<ch they have sought, at the
time that they have named.
"I do not desire to do anything out of
the way to Mr. Pierson. Somebody else
might get sick if it were set next Monday.
It Mr. McEnerney were sick and Mr. Pier
son were well it might be a sort of kaleido
scopic proceeding, for it does not yet ap
pear by Mr. McEnerney's affidavit that he
is not the leading connsel. We do not
Know who is the leading counsel in this
case. Has my friend, Mr. Mitchell, been
acting ai a decoy and a dummy in this
case all the time? He has been here* upon
his feet upon every important proceeding
and when these depositions were taken.
Mr. McEnerney has acted well and ably
in this case ever since it was started.
Now we are met with the proposition,
snpported by the affidavit of Mr. Mitchell
and Mr. Pierson, which I do not pretend
to deny, that Mr. Pierson is the leading
counsei. and my vis inguished friend is
relegated to the background. It is hum
bug, and the motion ought not to be
granted."
There was more debate of a similar na
ture, which finally resulted in Jud c Slack
granting a postponement until March 15,
with an admonition to the Fair lawyers
that the case would have to proceed on
that day in any event.
Briefs and transcripts printed reasonably;
rapid and reliable. Mysell-Rollina, 22 Clay. *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1897.
OF ALL SORTS
AND CONDITIONS
King and Peasant to Dance
at the Mardi Gras
Ball.
Much Speculation as to W.'at
the Belles Are Going
to Wear.
Green w^y Cries " Rats" — Jouilln
Ma'cbes His Complexion— Z.nda
Trous?rs for Brugu ere.
Interest in the Mardi Gras ball to be
held at the Hopkins Institute of Art on
Tuesday evening grows apace.
It is the sole absorbing topic of con
versation in beauty's boudoir, in the pro
fessional sanctum and the commercial and
mercantile office?.
The ladies are proving if not in theory
that in practice they can keep a secret.
Not even to her nearest and dearest has
one breathed even the slightest hint of
what her costume is to be. The natural
question, "What are you going to wear?"
only elicits the response, "1 really have
not decided yet — probably a domino."
But it won't be a domino. At the cos
tumers' they are busy from early morn to
late at night. They are making gowns for
Indian maidens, East Indian princesses,
for dainty, demure Puritans, Elizabeths,
Mary, Queen of Scots, and dozens of others
famous in the pages of history and fiction
and familiar through the agency of the
drama or the comic opera.
Then there are to be fairies and flowers
and birds and butterflies and representa
tives of the godesses of ancient Greece
and Rome.
The gentlemen who have tickets for the
ball in their vest pockets lairly bubble
over with enthusiasm, and buttonhole
each friend they me.-t to debate on the
beauty and the tit of their costumes.
A few have kept their intentions secret —
at least they think they have, which is
probably the same thing. It is known,
however, that a certain unctuous gentle
man of generous proportions will be re
splendent in a lavender Henry VIII cos
tume, and he will walk arm in arm with
the King of Cuba.
It is slid that Mayor Phelan will appear
in the gorgeous robes of the Lord Major
of London. That is only rumor, however,
but it is positive (the gentleman himself
is authority for the fact) that E 1 Green
way will linger a ribbon- bedecked pipe
and play soul-entrancing music, and that
the little boys will follow him and call
"Rats." Greenway is to be the '"Pied
Piper of Hamelin." His costume will be
as brilliant as a summer's sunset. His
trousers, reaching only to tie Knee, are of
red plush embroidered in gold. His heart
will beat beneath a white siik shirt gor
geous with Flemish embroidery. Across
his shoulders will be thrown a gray dol
man, falling in graceful folds almost to
the heels of his buff-strapped sandals. A
red plush vest embroidere I in gold, red
silk stockings and red and gold cap will
complete the piper's costume.
Uncle George Bromley is to be a Vene
tian Senator. The costume bas been
chosen on account of its beauty and its
warmth. Shaped like a huge coat, it
reaches to the heels enveloping ihe
wearer from neck to toe. It is of ruby
piush, embroidered in gold, with here
and there a suggestion of green to give it
light.
A. C. Hellman is to be a white prince.
In shining wnite satin he is to be arrayed ;
the only touch of color in the whole cos
tume will be the high red heels of his
white satin low-cut shoes. Around the
waist will be a gorgeous white sash tied in
an immense butterfly bow at the left side.
Hellman, as far as costume goes, will cer
tainly be a picturesque prince.
Peter Bruguiere is to encase his shapely
limbs in tbe "Prisoner of Zenda" costume.
It is an exact copy of the suit worn by
Hackettin the third act of tbe drama of
that name. It consists of a hunter's green
military jacket, skin-tight trousers and
top boots.
Gordon Ross is to be the prince's her
ald. His costume is a happy mingling
of the Spanish colons, yellow and black.
H.s apron is of black satin, embroidered
in gold, as is his cap and the broad six
teenth century yellow and blacK slashed
shoes he will wear.
Horace Platt will be an Oxford man.
In gown and mortar board he will follow
the prince's moving train. His gown is
of rich red brocaded silk, and the cap of
course matches it.
Solly Walters is to be a blue and red
jester.
E. A. Wills^e will wear a costume he
Orougtit witti him from South Africa and
which by the deft hand of the costumer
is beiiiK altered to fit the requirements of
Mnrasq .in of Girofle-Ghotta fame. The
coat and trousers ure of red plush em
broidered in gold. Shirt and stockings are
of white silk. The drapery that is flung
over the shoulders is of "striped Roman
silk. The hat is a large gray sombrero all
tasaeled in crimson.
Howard Taylor is to be his satanic
majesty and of course will be attired all in
bright, warm red.
Joullin had quite a time selecting: his
costume. The artist after much mature
consideration has come to the conclusion
that he can only wear gray or black. For
some time he hovered between the great
Marshal of France and the courtier of Eng
land. His final decision is a black velvet
Earl of Leicester costume.
A PABK BOULEVABD.
Grove Street to Be Kliminated From
the Official Map of tbe City.
The long expected cutting through of
Alamo square to make a direct driveway
from the City Hall to Golden Gate Park
wili, if the Hayes Valley Improvement
Club's plan be carried out, soon be real
ized.
Such expectations were fully ventilated
by a large attendance of the property
owners on the line of Grove street at a
meeting of the club at Mowry's Hall on
Wednesday night.
President Charles Alpers and Secretary
F. G. Fall of the improvement club had
sent out circular invitations to all those
to be benefited by this nroposed work,
and as a result an intelligent exchange of
Ideas and opinions were freely exchanged
at the meeting.
The question of grade on the summit of
Alamo square was discussed pro and con,
when to facilitate matters the following
w«»re appointed a committee to obtain
plans and learn the probable expense at
tending the cutting: R. AlcLauehlin, E.
F. Reed and J. E. Peters. This body will
report its conclusions at the next meeting
of tbe club.
It was suggested that when the street
shall be cut through the name of
Grove street shall be eliminated from the
map and Park avenue substituted there
for, inasmuch as it will be a continuation
George T. Bromley as Doge of Venice,
Gordon Ross as the Prince's Herald,
Ned Grcenway as the Pied Piper of
llamclin and A. £. Hellman as the
White Prince.
of the Park avenue now running in front
of the City Hall.
It was considered that between $10,000
and $12,000 would be the probable ex
pense attending the improvement, pro
vided the Supervisors would grade t.e
sidewalk in front of the square.
The club elected the following delegates
to the Associated Improvement Club:
Phil Fay, J. Harry Scott. Charles Alpers,
Frederick Smith and C. Zwierlin.
Mathew Cavanagh was elected treasurer
without bonds.
The by-laws were amended providing
for monthly dues at 25 cent«.
A vote of thanks was tendered President
Alpers for his generosity in giving the
hall free of cost to the club.
JUDGE COOK'S KEYHOLE.
Nothing to Show That Burglary
Was Attempted.
Another sensation has been spoiled.
After the detectives and certain reporters
had got through with their wiid-eyed story
that somebody had been trying to burglar
ize Judge Carroll Cook's chambers for the
supposed purpose of saining possession of
th«? exhibits in the Cooney perjury cases,
Judge Cook himself made an examination
of the door, and discovered that the
wooden plug near the lock was old timber
and had probably been in that place
a year.
There was nothing to show that any
effort had been made to feloniously enter
the rooms, and the incident was dismissed
by his Honor as a trivial matter.
It is true that the detectives never until
yesterday saw that wooden plug near the
keyhole in the door, but in partial expla
nation it may be stated that they never
looked there for it before.
Ming Schorcht, the VlollnUte.
MlssValesca Schorcht, the eminent viollnlste
and pupil of Joachim, assisted by M : ss Carrie
Bowes as pianiste, Louis Crepaux as barytone
and Frederic Schorcht a* nccomptinist. R«ve a
musical enterininment last Thursday night at
(Golden Uate Hall that was well received.
There was a Urge audience, among whom
were some of the most cultivated in the City.
Honorably Discharged.
William J. O'Parrell w»s acquitted last
Thursday in Judge Joachimsen's court of a
charge of petty larceny. He was arrested last
month and was charged with stealing meat
from stores on Market and Bixth streets.
Jkwklby store, 5-7 Third, removed to 803
Kearny. .Large stock of diamonds, watches, etc.
THE CITY WILL
PAY FOR LUNCHES
Jurors Will Not Hunger
Nor Supervisors Be
Jailed.
Amusing Close of an Episode in
Which the Courts Won
Out Easily.
Penal Cole Provisions Proved to B2
an Unanswerable Argument on
Second Thought.
The Supervisors will not go to jail.
The jurors will not go hungry, nor will
they pay for their own meals. These two
matters were settled at one and tne same
time yesterday. The bills for meals to jurors
came into the hands of the Finance Com
mittee of the Board of Supervisors from
Judge Carroll Cook's department of the
Superior Court. The Supervisors, some
time ago, adopted a resolution to pay for
no more meals after February 1. Judge
Carroll Cook sent down bills all the name,
and also sent a communication to the
board.
So the issue was fully and fairly made
up. Last week the Judiciary Committee
refused to approve the bills, and the board
turned them over to the Finance Commit
tee.
"Move that we refer the matter to the
board as a committee of the whole," said
Dr. Rottanzi as chairman of the Finance
Committee.
This started up the discussion, which
took on many shapes. Dr. Rotianzi said
that dollar meals were too high and that
he favored standing by the action of the
board. The Penal Code was then consid
ered carefully. In that lurks foreshadow
ing of damp dungeons and meals which
cost the City only 10% cents per meal,
furnished to the Supervisors or others.
Also in that embodiment of legal wisdom
are provisions that jurors shall have shel
ter, food ami medicines.
"Suppose," «.aid Supervisor Haskins,
suggestively, "that we should cut down
the price for meals to 50 cents and ihat
jurors snould eat a dollar meal. Would
the restaurant-keeper take them into the
kitchen and make them wash dishes to
make up the balance?"
"Suppose we made a contract. We
coulfl send the jurors down in the Sheriff's
van," said another member.
After all the fun the bills were signed,
notwithstanding the vote of the board not
to approve them. This settles the matter
and a clash between the Supervisors and
the courts is averted.
FOR A PATRIOTIC CAUSE
Programme of the Greek Enter
tainment Arranged for
To-Night.
A Merchant of Alexandria Will
Devcte His Fortune to His
Country.
The Hellenic Society is rapidly getting
things into shape for the entertainment
at the Turn Verein Hall tliis even
ing, and has already drawn up the follow
ing pro ramme, which will be added to
in the interim:
Address, A. Splivalo; R. U. Walsh and
Miss Adele Ligon, novelty musical instru
mentalists; Tom Tregellas in the latest
song of the day; Lilie and Martin, club
swinging; George Donohoe, famous Mis
sion barytone; Allen and Han, the finest
team in Ban Francisco; Dick SlcCreadie,
minstrel tenor; Miss C. Weijen, whistling
solo; Harry McGuren, negro specialties;
Miss Lillie Allen, song; operatic trio,
Harry Turnbull, Frank Plate and F. B.
Alien; Alex Pantages of San Francisco
and Pat McCabe of Los Angeles in a
three-round boxing exhibition; Len
Wiggin ot San Francisco and Sboen
field Fritz of Kan Jose in a thret
rouni boxing exhibition; Mids Irene
Radovich, new and graceful dances;
symbolic representation ot Crete, Mace
donia and America by three young ladies.
G. B. Allen, stage manager.
C. Danietrak, the president of the Hel
lenic society, has announced his intention
of preparing » written statement of the
aims and objects of the San Francisco
Greeks for publication at an early date.
The latest issue of the New York Atlan
tis states that Averrof. a Greek merchant
of Alexandria, said to bs worth 25,000,000
francs, has offered to devote the wnole of
his fortune to assist his country in the
event of a war with Turkey. Other well
known Greeks, the paper goes on to sa^,
will follow Averroi's'exampie. The latter
was one of the chief promoters of the re
vival of the Olympic games and nas given
large sums of money to schools, colleges
> and charitable institutions.
fflrr: . "EW 10-DAT- DRY GOODS.
®@ A typical store Saturday trade. New Millinery Trim- ||
I| mings, Shirt Waists and Laces to fill each whim or fancy. |i
®® Sunday may demand a Veil or a new Neck Ribbon, and %&
®0 while you are in ask to see our Novelties — welcome, |Jj
©§ seeing or buying. **
I SOME NEW RIBBONS. 1
gp A special purchase came in yesterday. On 35
' sale to-day — Stripes, Checks, Plaids, Warp 35
I Prints, Feather Edge, Corded Edge, etc. in all °r
I the very latest colors. I
I Striped Ta ft ta. No. 20 19c yard Warp Print Taffeta. No. 80. 39c yard I
/1\ riald Taffeta, No. 60 33c yard Silveratripe Taffeta, No. 50 39c yard /1a
l]\ Checked Taffeta. No. 40 35c yard Checked Taffeta, No. 80 65c yard /|\
¥ Satin Stripe, No. 60 25c yard Gauze Kibbon, No. 80 48c yard t. \
s*r*KS*S W
w * vl
1 SPECIALS! |>
°Y° HAIR BRUSHES, solid back, A AC: PILLOWCASE MUSLIN, 84-lncb, AC e*)o
3(T white French bristles, all sizes. "v ; t tie kind we sell atl2iAc. To- LU «)o
°<>° To-day special Each day " Yard o<)o
§>£ (Only 10 yards to a customer.) . ' ' ($(•)
®® LADIES' UNDERVKSTS, white ' JS)
(•)!•) merino, jersey ribbed and shaped, QQC FANCY MESH VEILING, 14 Cf> }»fS
(•)(•) H. N. I. 8. and H. N. a. & Our Of inches wide, tan, blown, navy O SS
®.^ 60c line to-day at Each or white. To-day at Yard SyR
I VERY SPECIAL VERY SPECIAL I ■
11, Remnants from our GLOVE LADIES' HEAVY EIDER-
Sg stock. We have sorted • D.OWN WRAPPERS— Sx
(•)■•) out all soiled or imperfect Shoulder, care, collar '* *'
«)'S cloves, walking, driving: and cuffs and belt all X^;
(S) •) and dress gloves. Some - trimmed with Hercules > X
©•) sold for $1 50, others Si, braid, large sleeves and /*VS
»)•») etc. Sizes 5% to 7. The inside vest, sizes 34 to/l» 2.X
gg entire lot to pick from. _^_ 44. We have 75 of them. *S lAP SvS
0® Come early to-day, as the Ef)C They sold yesterday at** 7 "*"^ §S
®0 line is limited. Any %}**'*•' $3. On sale to-day at. .. Each SvS
igj.® glove in the pile for Pair None after 6 o'clock to-night.) (§<§>
If ===== ||
/ [INCORPORATED] / (INCORPORATED]. "* ®f
II 937-945 Market St., 937-945 Market St. II
SAN FRANCISCO. SAN FA AN CISCO. ®A
WIRY GIANTS
WILL COMPETE
Preparations in the Pavilion
for the Great Tug
of-War.
Long Pulls, Strong Pulls and
Pulls All Together o' Local
Athletes
Plan Adopted Which Will Permit
Each Team to Pull on a Rope
of I's Owa Choosing.
Carpenters under the supervision of T.
P. Macinnis are at work transforming the
interior of the Mechanics' Pavilion, in
which will take place the great test of
muscular endurance and strength to begin
to-night
The platform upon which the interna
tional giants will tug and pall for sunrem*
acy nas been planned by D. R. McNeiil,
who is originator of this sport in San
Francisco.
The platform stands in the center of the
main floor, running east and west, 120
feet in length, with a base of fourteen feet,
and six feet in height. This will give
sufficient e'evation to make the view clear
to all parts of the house. On the platform
one foot above the sides, where the cap
tains and referee will have their stations,
is the ar»a upon which the cleats are
nailed and upon which the rope will be
stretched.
The carriage with the indicators, which
will be ten feet in length, will be located
so that they will be visible in all parts of
the house.
An innovation has been introduced by
Mr. McNeiil. There will not be a contin
uous rope, as has been the case in earlier
contests. Each team will have the privi
lege of using its own rope. This is ar
ranged by placing an iron plate under the
carriage with two eyelets, one on either
end, in which the rope can be made fast.
This device does away with tampering
with the rope, by which one team would
have an advantage over the other.
On the sou:hside of the platform will
be an elevated stand for the ua, of the
members of the press and judges.
The distance over which the winning
team must pull to win has been reduced
from seven to five feet, covering ten cleats.
Heretofore seven feet or fourteen cleats
had to be covered in order to win.
The management will give special prizes
for individual pulls, with tbe object of se
lecting a team of the strongest men of all
nations represented in tlm State, to be
known as the California tug-of-war team.
It is the intention to nave tue learn travel
throughout this country and Europe and
finally appear at the Paris Exposition in
1900 and compete against tne worid, to
advertise California. A contrivance has
be«Mi provided by which the force of an in
dividual pull will be registered, and the
man wno sends the indicator to the high
est notch will get $125. with less prizes for
the eight who follow him, thus picking
out from all the oomretitors the nine
most powerful men. These will be the
California giants to maKe a tour of all the
Eastern cities, finally bringing up in Pnr.s
in 1900 as one of the wonders ot tne Golden
State.
Festival of Seasons.
A festival of seasons will be held on March
2, 3, 4 end 5, at Grace M. E. Church, corner of
Twenty-first and Capp streets. On Tuesday,
the 2d inst., the Epworth League will be there
with the Brownie Band, Gleaners and country
photography for autumn. On the next day,
Wednesday evening, the King's Daughters will
■welcome with orchestral music, a chorus of
fifty voices and comedietta, which will re
mind you of winter's festive season. On Thurs
day evening, March 4 (inauguration day), the
Sunday-school will eutert.-iin with a spr in
opening — Columbian drill, liliiputians and
other appropriate exercises. Friday evening
all will unite to represent summer in a sura
mer outing, with songs, recitations, selections
b J" * he Bonelli Mandolin Club and a tableau
of the four seasons.
TEIAL TOE PEBJUEY.
Carl Yon Tiedemttn's Second Trial in
Judge Wallace's Court.
The second trial of Carl W. yon Tiede
nian, charced with perjury, is being heard
in Judge Wallace's court. Deputy Dis
trict Attorney Peixotto represents the
prosecution and Attorney Alexander
Campbell appears for the defendant.
Yesterday's testimony included the evi
dence given by Mrs. Sarah Owen Spencer
to prove that she was not in San Fran
cisco at the time Yon Teideman swore
that she acknowledged the bogus deed
that caused all the trouble.
The photograph of Mrs. Spencer that
Yon Teideman swore was a picture of
Harriet P. Christy was also introduced
in evidence.
Further hearing of the case has been
postponed until next Tuesday morning.
WRECKED A CAB.
An Express Wagon Hone Gets Kara
punt "With Disastrous l.esults.
A horse attached to an express wagon
belonging to Norman Dunne became
frightened about 6:15. last evening and
ran away with the empty wagon near the
corner of Thirteenth and Mission streets.
The outfit collided with car 1178 of tha
Kearny-street branch of the Mission lin°.
Both vehicles were traveling at high speed
ami the result was disastrous to both.
The front cud of the car was badljr
wrecked and the horse was killed. Henry
Ellis, a passenger, who resides at Colma,
was badly bruised in the encounter. He
was taken to the Receiving Hospital,
where it was ascertained that his wounds
were not serious.
NEW TO-DAT.
S&JITI 14** CASH STORE,
I mS 25-27 Market St.,
I*ll 1 Ml** ear the Ferry
i offers goods to
1 consumers or dealers at small-
est margin of profit consistent I
with safe and honest dealing. v j
READ THE LIST:
Bib Overalls, Boys, 2 to 7 years. . . $0 2.*
Bib Overalls, Boys, 8 to 14 years. 30
Overalls, Men's blue, to size 40 . 45
Men's Wool Suits, Oxford, gray, ex.. 800
Men's Woo! Suits, cutaway style . 8 50
Little Boys' Fancy Suits, 3 to 8 ...... 2 75
Little Bo'vs' Suits, 5 to 13 ...2 50, 3 50
Bigßovs' Suits, 3 pcs., 12 to 18 4 50
Men's White Shirts, unlaundried 35
Men's Whi»e Shirts, laundried 50
Send for full list of Men's Wear.
Ladies' Black Seamless Hose 8, 12, - 15
Ladies' Strong Wool Hose 22, 45
Cniklrn's Hose, Dlack 10. 15, 20
Girls' Hose, Fine and Heavy 25, 35
Infants' Cotton Hose 10, 15
Infants' Wool H05e............ 10,15, 25
Child's Wool Hose, to 7MJ 10
Wool Hose, black, l\i to 8H 15
All kinds of Hose at right prices.
Peaches, new table, fine quality 10
Tomatoes, new pack. 2) 2 ' lbs 5
Corn, excellent quality, warranted... ' 10
Arbuckle's Coft-e this week i 0
Cooking Oil, Lucca, bottles 12
Celery Sauce, fan cv Jars. Try it .... .15
Tomato Catsup, Vancamp's be5t...... 21
Raspberries, best, 1 lb. can. 5
Rolled Oats, fresh per 3
Tapioca or Sago, best ...perlb ' 3
Macaroni or Vermicelli per lb ■ , 5
Western Refinery Syrup, 5 gal 65
Wash Blue,* small, sc; large bottles.... 15
Wash Blue, 1 oz. squares, imp......... < .j
Manicure Sets, plush cases 59
Glove Boxes, celluloid.. ......40, 65
Handkerchief Boxes to match.. . . . 40, 65
Envelopes, box ol 250. ...20 30
Spool Cotton, per dozen ......20, '45
Pocket-knives, all styles.... ....10c 10 1 75
Tooth Bru-he?, variety. ..... .5, 10, 15 1.
Comb*, nice assortment ...12 for 1 00
Cloaking, heavy 58, in figured.. . 87
Heavy California Red Flannel.'..!!!!* 25
Llama Ciotb, cream ground, closing!! ~5
Muslin, unbleached, yard wide. 5
Ducks, in light colors, 15c, now.! "** 8
Calico, in variety of kinds... . ....'.'. 5
Do not miss us on Dry Goods.