OLUME IXXXI.-NO. 79.
VICTORY OF
THE GREEKS
They Capture Fort Aghai
and Take Four Hundred
Prisoners.
TURKISH TROOPS QUICK
TO SURRENDER.
No Fighting Occurs, the Gar
rison Surrendering to the
Invaders.
WARLIK 2 PREPARATIONS MADE
f . WITH DISPATCH.
Kin? G orge'i Army of Occupation at
Crete Proceeds, R gardless of
European Powers.
ATHENS, Greece, Feb. 16.— The first
definite news of a Greek victory in Crete
was received this evening and the wildest
enthusiasm followed the intelligence.
The Greeks, it is said, attacked and
captured Fort Aghai, taking 400 Mussul
mans prisoners. Among the number are
100 Turkish troops, the remainder of the
prisoners being Moslems who took refuge
in the fort. '
• Details of the engagement are Jacking.
One report states that no fighting oc
curred, the garrison surrendering upon
the demand of tne Greek commander. As
no mention of any losses is made in any
of '.he dispatches it is surmised that this
■report is true.
Notwithstanding the reports that the
powers would take concerted action to !
prevent Greece from taking farther hostile !
action in Crete, warlike preparations are j
being made with ail possible dispatch. In i
addition to the "corps of occupation"
already in the island, which corps num
bers 1500 men of all arms, one other regi
ment embarked upon a transport and I
sailed for Crete to-night. Another regi
ment will sail thither to-morrow.
The Government is preparing for every
po-Sible contingency and has summoned i
two classes of the naval reserve for active
srritee. *~ "T.'X. .',''.' • -_•.-^-^^..rm^'v^.,^;
'■ The people are in a frenzy of excitement
nnd demand that the. Cretan question be
settled now for all time. It is popularly
thought that when the powers find the
annexation of the island, which Greece
.has in view, an accomplished fact, they
will readily acquiesce in this spoliation of
the Turk.
Advices received here from Crete say |
that none of the foreign warships in
Cretan waters have landed any men, ex
cept at Canea. As the Greek troops that
landed at Akrotiri were not hindered by j
the powers in disembarking, it is con- |
sidered that the powers recognize the right j
of Greece to intervene in Crete.
CANEA, Crete, Feb. 16.— General Bor,
commanding tue gendarmerie at Canea.
formally notified Colonel Vassus, com
manding the Greek troups, of the joint
occupation of Crete by the powers. To J
this notification the Greek colonel re- '
plied: "1 am ordered to occupy the isl- ;
and, and I must cary.out my orders until |
I receive other instructions."
All business at Canea has been sus
pended, except that of a manufacturer of
coffins, demands' upon whose wares have
largely increased.
lighting is still going on, but is confined
The Situation at Retimo Is Now Reported as Alarming. Consul Demand That Troops Disembark
to Save the Houses of Christians From Pillage.
The San Francisco Call
to conflicts between Turks and Christians.
The Christians hold all the districts
around Canea.
ATJIP ATHIZtCHS IX ITALI.
; Misrule of the lurk* Denounced by King |
I ; Humbert' it Subject* •
ROME, Italy, Feb. 16.— The bold action
I of Greece in attempting to solve the Cre
' tan question with the sword has excited
} popular admiration everywhere in Italy
1 and a great Italo-Crete agitation is being
! carried on throughout the country. The
: sympathies of the people are entirely with
j the Cretan Christians in their struggle to
j throw off the yoke of Moslem rule, and
! tnis sympathy is talcing practical form.
! Enthusiastic mass- meetings have been
j held in several cities, at which the speak
■ ers have traced the whole history of Turk
ish misrule in Crete and have dwelt upon
! the promises of the Porte, broken time
| and again, to inaugurate reforms in the
j island. At these meetings subscription
I lists were opened for the benefit of the
i struggling islanders and goodly sums have
: been realized.
Many younemen whose enthusiasm has
( been aroused by the heroism of the Cretan
I Christians and the bold defiance of Turkey
I by the Greeks have volunteered to serve
j with the Christians, and numbers of them
i have already started for Crete.
raocLAaiATio.y to CRKTASS.
I Daring Stand Taken by th* Commander
of Id" Grrele J- orctis.
LONDON, Eng., Feb. 16.— A dispatch
! lrom Athens to the Evening News says
that Greek troops have landed at the bay
of Kolymhari.
Colonel Vassos, the commander of the
j Greek forces in Crete, has issued the fol
lowing proclamation:
"Cretans: You are suffering from the
j present state of anarchy and are exposed to
; the excesses of a fanatical populace which
have awakened the national sentiment
and have deeply stirred the Hellenic peo
| pie. This lamentable situation «jf a peo
i ple of the same race and the same religion,
: having common destinies with ourselves,
couia not any longer be allowed to exist.
:' The King of the Hellenes has resolved to
j end this state of things by proclaiming a
; Greek occupation of the island.
"In making this proclamation I promise
i in the name of King George to protect the
; lives, honor and property of the inhabi
i tants without distinction of religion or na
; tionality and to respect the religious con
! victions of the inhabitants while bringing
to them peace and law." >r ,
ARE WILD trilH. It bLIGHT.
1 ! Cretan Christian* Willing to lirfy the
Combined Powers.
ATHENS, Greece. Feb. 16.— The Cretan
; Christians are wild with delight over tne
| manner in which Greece has come to
| their aid. When the Greek troops landed
: on the island they were received with the
\ greatest enthusiasm, men, women and ]
j children bailing them as, deliverers from
their long bondage to the hated Turks.
Everywhere the deepest anxiety was
( displayed to swear loyalty to King George,
the Christians talcing it for granted that
1 .),,.- -v»r e . o become at once subjects of I
the King of the Hellenes. -
The temper of the people is such that !
they would scarcely hesitate to undertake j
the foolhardy task of defying the com
bined' powers in their efforts to secure i
• their liberty.
LONDON, England, Feb. 16.— The Daily (
, Mail will say to-morrow that the powers ■
'■ have sent a collective note to Greece stat
i ing that unless the Grecian forces are
withdrawn from Crete within forty-eight j
hours the Pi seus will be blockaded and
j hostilities begun against Greece.
The Constantinople correspondent of j
I the Daily News telegraphs that the Minis- j
1 try of Marine has been ordered to prepare :
six vessels lor sea service. j
TUHKt.I IS IS DIFFER EXT.
Willing to Give Up Crete if Greece Will
Kr.rp Out of Macedonia.
LONDON, Ehs., Feb. 16.— The various
reports received here indicate that Tur
key's acquiescence regarding the progress
of events in Crete arises from indiffer
ence. She is tired of bothering about a
distant island and would willingly sur
render it to Greece if the latter would un
dertake not to meddle in Macedonia.
The Times has a dispatch sent from
SAX FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 17, 1897.
Suda Bay, on the Nor t Vast of the Island of Crete*
Canea Tuesday evening stating the Gre^k
Commodore bae not replied to the ulti
matum of the commanders of the fleets
presented to him Monday requiring him
to withdraw.
The dispatch adds that firing was beard
all day Tuesday in the western districts.
The situation at Retimo is alarming.
The Consuls urgently demanded that
troops disembark to save the bouses of
Christians from pillage.
POWERS XOTIFIED.
Turkey Jteclarem Jt Stay Have to Fro
ceed Ay a inn t Grercrt .
NEW YORK. N. V., Feb. 17.— A special
cable to the Herald, from .Constantinople
*3ays: The Sublime Porte has notified the
powers of its dissatisfaction at the con- i
duct of King George, declaring that unless :
Greece retraces the perilous steps she has !
taken. Turkey will be obliged to follow a
similar course of action against her neigh- j
bor. ■ - • , ■.'■.■',
The Herald's dispatch from Canea,
Crete, says: Four thousand. revolution
ists have landed on the island. The
Greek warships are cruising in the road
[Reproduced the Illustrate* London News.} , _ v -,- v *
stead. The British man-of-war Camper
down has arrived here. A large number
of Greek regulars have joined the insur
gents.
French and Italian warships have sailed
for Ueraklion and landed marines to pro
tect the town. Foreign warships have
also landed further troops to garrison
Canea.
Two Greek transports with soldiers and
munitions are lying in the roadstead.
Stint Jtarton Slay Qo to Greece.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 16.— Miss
Clara Barton and George H. Pullman of
the Red Cross Society came to New YorK
| from Washington this morning. They
are at the Wnldorff and will remain sev
! eral days. The object oi their visit ia to
confer with officers and friends of the so
| ciety on private matters pertaining to the
i organization. Miss Barton has been very
I busy of late since returning from the
scene of the outrages in the East, and it is
possible that the present disturbance in
Crete will call for active field work by Red
Cross agents, in which case Miss Barton
may make a second trip abroad.
<rr '<•/.•« Orjiin izr in Chicago.
CHICAGO, 111., Feb. 16.— 0f the 1600
able-bodie»l Greeks in the Chicago colony
ready and willing to bear arms nearly 800
had been enrolled to-night for the regi
ment which intends to sail for Greece as
soon as war is declared against Turkey
and fight for the mother land. Every one
of the Greeks has seen some military life
at home and six Greek officers who have
lived here for ycirs will instruct and com
mand the volunteers. The men intend to
pay their own way.
JVo I)ana«r of War.
WASHINGTON, D. C. Feb. 16.— 1n re
pard to the Cretan crisis, Secretary Olney
has had dispatches from the American
Minister to Greece, Eben Alexander, sta
tioned at Athens, conveying briefly some
of the important points included in the
very full press accounts of occurrences at
Athens. Minister Alexander expresses
the opinion that there is no danger of war.
FAIL TO SEE THE MAJOR.
Several Prominent Public Men Deprived of
the Pleasure of Interviewing the
President-Elect.
CANTON, Ohio. Feb. 16— fix-Senator
Warner Miiler of New York, after await
ing the physician's verdict, was compelled ]
to forego the pleasure of seeing the Presi
dent-elect. There are various reasons as
signed for Mr. Miller's visit to Canton.
That most p enerally accepted is thai he
proposed to make some statement regard
ing the chances of a New York man being
proffered a Cabinet portfolio. In convei
sation with friend*, it is said, he stated
that the Empire State would orobabiy be
without a representative in the Presi
dent's official family. To the press reDre
sentatives he declined to discuss the Cab
inet situation.
Another view, and it appears a very
sensible one, is that Mr. Miller intended
to urge Major McKinley to recommend
the oassage of the Nicaragua canal bill in
his message to Congress at the special ses
sion. Whatever his intention was, he
was unsuccessful in his mis ion.
The Presidentelect remained in his
room all day, and was seen by no one ex- |
cept mother McKinley and the members
of his own household. He will not go to
Cleveland Wednesday, and his visit may I
be postponed until the last of the week. |
IMPRISONED IN
FILTHY CELLS
Brutal Treatment of Women
of Very High Social
Standing
Their Only Crime Appears to Be
Sympathy lor the Cuban
Patriots.
Sbockitg Tactics of the Spanish
E epers of the Havana House
of R.iugj.
HAVANA, Cuba, Feb. 16.— Much ad
verse comment has been excited even
among Spaniards here by ihe fact that the
House of Refuge is the only place in the
city in which women prisoners are kept.
The Diario de la Marina to-day denoun
ces the place and declares it an outrage
that women of high social standing who
are arrested on suspicion of having rebel
sympathies are compelled to associate
with the class of women for which the
prison is intended. There are only forty
two cells in the place and yet seventy
four women are confined there.
The steamer Satrustejjui arrived to-day
from Barcelona, fclie brought 700 troops
and a large number of officers.
Captain-General Weyler remains at
Cabarian in the Cienluegos district.
It is reported that some of the mer
chants here contemplate the establish
ment of a line of steamers to compete
with the New York and Cul>a Mail Steam
ship Company (ttie Ward line).
DKADLJ . J> IA A MIT IS G PA.
Spaniards Led. Into a Trap and Jitith
irw-.li/ tilaii.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 16.— A World
special from Key West says: The dyna
mite cun General Maceo thought so much
of has been doing remarkable work again.
Letters from Candelaria, Pinar del Rio,
report it could not be used lately, as the
ammunition was out, but an expedition
just came with a new supply.
Adetac racnt of 700 Spaniards under
Colonel Sanchez attacked one of General
Goriano's camps last week, hoping to cap
ture the gun. It was known to be stowed
there, and me Spaniards had beard there
was noammuniiion for it. The insurgents
were well protected by intrenchments,
and knew the enemy's plans. As the
Spanish troops advanced the insurgents
met them with a rapid fire of musketry
and then retreated, as if in disorder, up a
narrow gorge to a second net of works.
The Spaniards, thinking victory was
within their grasp, rushed forward, de
spite the orders of their officers, who sus
pected a trap. No sooner had they fairly
entered the cul de sac than the dynamite
gun opened on them.
■ The first shell killed dozens in the front
rank. A second shot did still more dam-
I age, and then a third and fourth. By
[ this time the troops had managed to get
out and an insurgent charge completed
the rout.
More than 300 Spaniards are said to
have been killed, wounded or captured,
five officers being killed. The Cubans lost
seveniy-five men. The Spanish prisoners
were sent to the Spanish camp at Can
delaria, with a note from the insurgent
commander asking the Spanish officer to
deal as humanely with insurgents who
fell into his bands.
•
CUBA LOST TO SPAIN.
Sensatlonal Editorial That the Spaniards
Ar» Trying to At«;»7>r«*«.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 16.— A dis
patch to the Sun from Havana says: In
tense excitement has been produced in
Havana over an editorial published in El
Pais, in Madrid, on January 22, and which
which has circulated widely in spite of trie
efforts of the police, who, by orders of the
Governor of the province, are seizing all
the copies they can rind of this issue of
the Spanish newspaper. Photographic
copies of the page containing the article
and even manuscript copies pass from
hand to hand.
The article, after saying that the nation
has failed in Cuba, notwithstanding the
fact that Spain has sent 200,000 men
to the island and has spent one billion
pesetas, concludes that in the present crit
ical situation Spain must confess her de
feat, and the Spaniards must punish their
own Government.upon which rests the re
sponsibility.
"Our only hope," says • the article,
"rests upon our diplomacy in the United
States, but if we also fail in that field, as
the indications are that we will, we have
but one way of salvation, and that is to
establish the republic in Spain through a
national revolution." v
No newspapers in Havana. dares to re
produce the article of El Pais, which is)
in fact, an appeal to the -Republicans to
revolt against trie Government of the
monarchy. - —• ,-., .
CECIL RHODES AS A WITNESS.
The South Afnccn Magnate Tells of the
Circumstances Leading Up to the
Transvaal Raid.
LONDON, Exg., Feb. 16.— The Parlia- j
rnentary Committee recently appointed
by the House of Commons to inquire into
the causes and circumstances of the
troubles in the Transvaal began its sit
tings to-day.
Cecil Rhodes was the first witness ex
amined. He was in sympathy w.tb the
Uitlauders in their grievances, and to as
sist a movement designed to obtain for ;
them their constitutional rights he had J
placed on the Transvaal, under orders of
Dr. Jameson, a force of troops, with in- I
structions to act should certain events
arise.
At this point Sir William Harcourt in
terrupted Rhodes and asked: "Was your
object to overthrow the Transvaal Gov
ernment?"
Mr. Rhodes replied that the overthrow
of the Government was not bis obiect, but
merely to bring about a change. He ad
mitted the probability of his having done
wrong in placing Dr. Jameson, with his
men, on the frontier, but Jameson's in
vasion of the Transvaal he was not re
sponsible for, as Jameson had gone into
the Boer territory without his (Rhodes')
authority.
ARTHUR DUESTROW, a Millionaire's Son, Who Was Hanged
at Union, Mo., Yesterday, for the Brutal Murder of His
Wife and Child.
Witness was asked whether he had in
formed the British High Commissioner in
South Africa, Sir Hercules Robinson, of
his designs and replied that he had not.
Sir William Harccurt asked why he had
not informed the Briiisn High Commis
sioner and Mr. Rhodes answered : "You
had better set an answer to that question
from Lord Rosemead."
It was impossible, he said, that the
present state of things in Johannesburg
and other parts of the Transvaal should
continue. The people would not cease
their agitation until they obtained their
civil rights.
CItOKEB G-Oiya TO tUHOPB,
But Will Krttirn to I. tad Tammany in
the ( oining Cn tnjj'i i ;n.
NEW YQRK, N. V., Feb. 16.— Richard
Croker said to-day he would sail for Weis
baden next week in order to give one of
bis sons, who is in delicate health, the
benefit of the waters of that health resort.
He refused to commit himself as to his
candidacy for Mayor of Greater New
York, but said be would return in time to
participate in the com ng campaign and
i.elp lead the tight. He declared Tam
many was in good trim for the fight. He
said that during his stay abroad he would
go to England to look after bis horses, two
of which be had entered for this year's
[ Derby.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
DUESTROW
EXECUTED
Money Fails to Save Him
From the Penalty
Merited.
PLEADS PITIFULLY TO
ESCAPE.
Thrilling Climax in the Career
of a Rich Young Man
Who Went Wrong.
MURDERED WIFE AND CHILD
WHILE DRUNK.
Every Trick and Device Resorted To
in an Endeavor to Sava
Him From Death.
UNION, Mo., Feb. 16.— Arthur Duestrow
was hanged in the Franklin County Jail
at 1 o'clock to-day. The condemned man,
who has simulated insanity since the day
of the crime, kept up his role until late
la<-t eveniiii:.
He arose shortly after 7 o'clock this
morning, and for the first time in three
years he broke down and his usual air of
haughty indifference gave way to one of
despair. He begged the guards to save
nim from his fate, and requested that
messages be sent to Governor Stephens in
terceding in his behalf. To nearly every
visitor and attendant Duesirow appealed
for assistance, and asked that the follow
ing telegram be sent to ex-Governor John
son, his counrel, in St. Louis:
"I am in a predicament ; intercede with
Governor Stephens lor me immediately.
I need your advice. I was insane, bui it
did me no good. I have nothing left, but
hope for forgiveness."
This was signed "General Branden
burg," a name and character assumed by
Duestrow during the past few months.
The murderer partook of a scanty break
fast, and when it was finished he lay down
on his cot and gave way to a burst of
tears. He sobbed convulsively and cried
out frequently, "0, God! This is terri
ble."
Shortly before 1 o'clock the Sheriff noti
fied Duestrow that his last hour had ar
rived and in a few moments the guards
announced that all was in readiness for
the execution.
The Sheriff gave the order to proceed
and ihe march to the scaffold began, the
Sheriff leading the way, followed by Dues-
trow with a Deputy Sheriff on either side,
and a large crowd of newspaper men and
doctors. Duestrow was apparently un
concerned and when he mounted the scaf
fold he showed no nervousness. After
the rope had beon placed about his legs
the Sheriff asked him if he had anything
to sny.
"Nothing but that a big mistake is
being made," he said. Then as the rope
was beintT adjusted about 'his neck ne
a-^ked, -l May 1 say a few words?' 1 The
Sheriff gave assent and Duestrow SDoke in,
almost a whisper as follows:
"I wish to say that a big mistake is
SOO Doses
One Dollar is true only of Hood's Sarsaparilla,
and is an unanswerable argument as to
strength and economy in medicine. It is econ-
omy to buy
Hood's
Sarsaparilla
The Best— ln fact Tho One True Blood Purifier.
Hood's PillS cure Liver Ills; easy to take,
easy to operate. 25c.2
being made here. lam General Brar.den
burg of the United States army. I am
not the man whom you accuse. lam not
a murderer of a woman and a child. I
now stand before you, sir, bound and tied,
a criminal, but I am innocent of any
crime. I go at peace with my Lord. I
want you to say that I thank my attor
ney. Governor Johnson of St. Louis, for
oil he lias done for me."
The condemned man hesitated as if
about to talk more, but Sheriff Pnchta
raised bis hand; the black cap was placed
over Duestrow's head and the cord drawn
tightly.
Duestrow shouted to one of tbe depu
ties, "Good-by, Simon," and the trap was
sprung. Duestrow's neck was not broken
by the fall. In eight minutes after he was
pionounced dead.
The body was turned over to an under
taker representing Miss Huldah Duestrow
of St. Louis, a sister of the dead man, and
will be taken to that city this evening,
where the remains will be interred along
side tbe murderer's father in Bellefontaine
Cemetery.
■ Tbe undertaker stated that he had posi
tive instructions not to embalm the body,
and this is taken as evidence that a post
mortem examination will be made to de
termine the condition of Duestrow's brain.
JTRVJU i: I fill:* TO THE GALLOWS.
JXtsipalion Ihat Ltd to the Killing of
Ui/e antt < hllri.
Arthur Duestrow was about thirty years
old and belonged to one of t:ie oldest and
best-known families in Missouri. His
father made his money in mining stocks
and when he died left a fortune of more
than two million dollars to his widow and
two child/en. The widow did not long
survive her husband, and then Arthur
Duestrow became a millionaire in his own
right. His sister, Miss Huldah Duestrow,
inherited the other half of the estate.
Few young men began life under such
brilliant prospects as did Arthur Dues
trow. He had passed through college
before attaining his majority and coming
into his fortune. Soon after his father's
death he married Miss Albertina Leisse,
and about that time entered tbe St, Louis
Medical College, from which he was
graduated with honors.
For a short time Duestrow abandoned
the bibulous habits he had formed and
bis friends believed that be bad sowed
his wild oats and bad settled down to a
respectable life. A baby boy came to the
Duestrow home and the young husband
and wife were proad and happy. But
when the baby was about a year oid Due-
Btrow lell from grace. He became infatu
ated with the keeper of an improper house
in St. Louis. So public was his intimacy J
■with tn is woman that friends of his wile
wondered at her continued life with her
husband. Perhaps the baby boy induced
her to condone ncr husband's faults, or
perhaps her loving eyes saw nothing j
wrong. At any rate the Duestrow family •
continued to reside in the handsome house {
at 1724 South Compton avenue.
On the evening of February 13, 1894, he j
shot and instantly killed i.is son and
fataliy wounded his wife at their home. [
Mr?. Duestrow died three days later, on j
February 18, having been unconscious ;
during the whole time after she received j
the fatal bullets in her head. Duestrow j
was crazy drunk when be commuted the
murder.
For some time he had lapsed from his
duty to his young wife and was spending j
much time and moaev upon an inmate of j
a bawdy-house. On the day of the tragedy |
he spent several hours at the House of his |
mistress in drinking, and from there went '
direct to his home, 1724 South Compton
avenue. He intended taking his wife and
child out sleigh-riding in tbe evening.
Arriving at tbe house Deustrow got out of j
the sleigh, leaving it in charge of tbe
driver, and entered the house. Mrs.
Dcnstrow was sitting upstairs in her room I
sewing, and the little boy Louis was play- i
me on the floor beside her. Katie Hahn,
a domestic, was also in the room. Tbe
girl met him on the stairway, and in
reply to a simple question he began curs- j
ing and abusing her, driving her back up
stairs into his wife's room. Arriving |
there he turned upon his wife, cursing j
her. He then slapped her and attempted
to strike Miss H;.hn. Mrs. Duestrow in
terfered, saying, "If you want to strike
some one. Arthur, don't strike a stranger; |
strike me."
"Ail richt, I will," he said, and struck
her a blow that felled her. He then took
his boy, aged 18 months, and went down- I
stairs and returned very soon with a pistol
in his hand.
'•Don't shoot, Arthur, you're drunk,"
said bis wife.
'I'll show you who is drunk," he said,
and he fired two shots into her body. For
a moment he seemed to realize tbe enor
mity of hi* crime. He knelt beside tbe i
dying woman, and in maudlin tones said,
"Tina, Tina; are you dead?"
Receiving no reply, his drunken frenzy
returned. He grasped his child, who had I
been f> spectator to ihe murder. He first |
started to go downstairs with the boy, j
but returned to tbe ball, held the shriek- I
ing babe by one arm to the wall and fired j
a shot into his brain.
Deustrow rushed through the falling
snow to the police station and told his.
ytory, claiming at the Bame lime that be
hail attempted to shoot himself. All the
influences that his wealth could buy were
brought into play to save the murderer.
Soon after incarceration he began the in
sanity dodge and has kept it up steadily
ever since. The records of the trials show
how a rich man's trial can be delayed
compared with the rapidity with which a
poor man is "railroaded" to the gallows.
On January 19, 1890, two years after the
crime was committed, tbe Supreme Court
of Missouri decided that be should be
haneed February 16.
Tbe servant girl, who bad fled to the top
of the house, was a witness to the scene,
and it was her testimony that convicted
Deus.row.
Duestrow's case bas become historical.
His great wealth, inherited from his
father, bas enabled him to emt-loy able
counsel who have made a legal fight that
will go down in tbe annals of jurispru
dence. Learned medical experts were
pnid enormou • fees to ascribe to the mur
derer a new mental disease. They were
opposed, on the other band, by medical
experts of equal eminence hired by the
State. Tbe medical world became inter
ested in tbe case, and the various trials
threatened to become little else than a
neurological debate. Beginning at a time
shortly subsequent to his crime, Dues
trow's manner was adapted to support the
insanity theory. Agents were sent to
Europe to collect evidence of hereditary
mental weakness. Nothing that could be
done was left undone.
Four trials, not counting numerous bear-
Ings, lasting in the aggregate for months
and costing the State an enormous sum,
have been bad. Two were inquiries into
the mental condition of tbe defendant,
and two were for tbe crime. There was
a mistrial in each instance, which necessi
tated the recovering of the whole ground.
First a jury decided that Duestrow was
responsible for his actions, and then an
other jury found him guilty of murder in
tbe first degree.
Tom this verdict an appeal wa» taken
to the Supreme Court. Although very
wealthy Duestrow's inheritance was in
such a shape that only the income conld
be touched. Tbe expenses of bis defense
have been very large and the income bas
long since been exhausted. At present he
owes bis attorneys and experts large
amounts and judgments against his cura
tor are numerous on the records of the
Circuit Court Endless litisution may
grow out of these judgments, as his Bhare
purses to his sister on his death nnd she
will not pay them. His sole surviving
relative is his sister and she ha 3 persist
ently refused to visit him or assist him in
any way.
COLORED StVHOEItEUS HASGKT>.
Execution of Two of tit* Slayer* of Artitt
A iteater.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Feb. 16.— Peter Schmidt
and Samuel Foster, colored, were hanged
at Clayton this morning. They murdered
Bertram Atwater, a Chicago artist, in Jan
ary, 1896. '
On the evening of January 23, 1896, Ber
tram A. Atwater, an artist, whose home
was in Chicago, was waylaid and mur
dered is Webster Grove, St. Louis County,
Mo.
Atwater arrived on a late train from
Chicago, ins intention being to visit a
young lady of Webster Grove to whom he
was engaged to be married. At tbe vil
lage depot he asked Peter, alias "Cotton
head" Schmidt, aged 18 years, to take him
to a barber-shop, telling the boy his pur
pose to visit the lady. While Atwat r was
getting shaved "Cottonhead'' con-pired
with his cousin, John Schmidt, and Sam
Foster, a negro, to rob Atwater.
"Cottonhead" piloted Atwater into the
am bu- cade where he was assaulted. At
water shot and wounded John Schmidt,
but was shot dead by "Cottonhead." All
three were convicted and sentenced to
death. John Schmidt took a severance.
His execution is dated for March 10 next
Jnehmou and Walling Xert.
FRANKFORT, Ky.. Feb. 16— Governor
Bradley has fixed Saturday, March 20. as
tbe date for the execution of Jackson and
Walling, the mnrderers of Pearl Bryan.
NICARAGUA CANAL PROJECT.
Hon. Warner Miller Says It Will Ultimately
Be Built and .Controlled by This
Government.
WASHINGTON. D. C, Feb. 16.— Hon.
Warner Miller is at the Arlington. He
will remain in the city for several days
looking after the welfare of the Nicaragua
canal project. He said to a representative
of The Call to-nipht that he bad little
doubt but that the canal would ultimately
be built and controlled by the American
Government. *
"The people want the canal," said the
ex-Senator, "and the demand for it is con
stantly increasing all over the country.
They not only want the canal, but they
want the control of it placed in the hands
of the Government, which would be the
case should the bill introduced by Senator
Morgan become a law. It is not, of course,
expected that the present Congress will
do anything for the bill, but if an extra
session is called Morgan will reintroduce
the bill and I believe it will be passed. It
provides that the Government shall have
ten of the thirteen members of the board
of directors, which would practically make
the canal a Government institution. As
to the question of subsidy the canal and
Pacific railroads arc not parallel cases, for
in the latter the Government has practi
cally no voice in the finances and it would
nave all to say concerning the canal.
"You may depend on it that when the
bill comes before the next Congress it will
be there for final disposition, and if the
Government does not see fit to accept the
opportunity for controlling the canal,
European Governments will gladly avail
themselves of the chance. The Nioaraguan ,
canal should belong to this country, and
the people will be more than displeased if j
at any time a foreign power should build
aud control it."
It is not improbable that Senator Sher
man will signalize bis term of office as
Secretary of State with the inauguration
of the real work of building the canal. It
is known that he has no faitn in the abil
ity of any corporation to build that water
way. Senator Sherman said in a recent
speech: -, H?B
"I should be very glad to see another
treaty made between Nicaragua and the
United States which would provide for the
completion of the canal — something that
would be acceptable to the United States
Government— and then we should proceed
to deal with the canal precisely as we have
dealt with the"great canal upon Lake
Superior and the other public works of our
country."
The speech is taken ex-cathedra. It is
believed to be the first outline of what the
next administration's policy will be with
respect to an interoceanlc canal on the
isthmus.
"QUID A" ON IMMIGRATION.
Pleads for //literate Italians as Against
"You'h Corrupted and Diseased by
Cheap Journalism."
WASHINGTON. D. C, Feb. 16. -Under
date of January 80, Louise de la Ramee,
the novelist, better known under her norn
de-plume of "Ouida," addressed the fol
lowing letier to Secretary Olney relative
to the immigration bill, the conference re
port on which will come before the Senate
to-morrow:
Sir: Will you pardon my addressing you
concerning the bill which I see Is before Con
gress in intent to bar immigrants who cannot
read? It you exclude Italians who cannot
read you will lose the best and most laborious
part of tbe population and you will admit the
trash of cities. It is not a question which
cannot properly be applied to Italians, or, in
deed, to any foreign people. Why should you
•uppose the power to spell out tbe crimes re
corded in corruDt newspapers Is any guarantee
for either virtue or Intelligence?
In Italy tho peasantry are almost entirely
illiterate; yet ibey are tbe only class which
can give immigrants ol any value. I have
bad many men in my employ, aud I have in
variably found those who could not read tea
times more industrious, temperate, intelligent
and honest than those corrupted by the
trumpery "education" of schools. I have had
for twenty year* an old man (who has been
what is called me odd man In England), and
he can be sent with fifty commissions to pur-
Chase objects detailed him only orally, and ho
will execute these commissions with no single
error, either of oblivion or of payment. Such
a man you would turn from your shores, whi c
you would receive the youth corrupted, emns
culated, diseased tnromgh cheap journalism,
bad tobacco and the e.iforced physical idle
nets of the schools. 1 beg you to allow me to
remain, obediently yours, "Ouida."
-•
The n-rwuttn Can Clear. '
WASHINGTON. D. C, Feb. 16— The
Treasury Department late this afternoon
directe i the Collector of Customs at Phila
delphia to issue clearance papers for the
Bermuda to sail, provided the proper affi
davit of intention of sailing destination is
made This action is taken on the advice
of District Attorney Beck of Philadelphia,
who under instructions from Washington,
examined ail the tacts in tbe case.
Hill to I)e*tr»y Captured Opium.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 16.-A bill
passed by the House to-day, granting au
thority to sell opium seized by collectors
on the Pacific Coast, has been amended
by the Benate Committee on Finance nnd
ft provision substituted, which compels
revenue officers to destroy the opium
whenever captured.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY IT, 189 T.
STILL LEXOWING
THE SUGAR TRUST
Secretary Searles Proves a
Cool and Cautious
Witness.
Once, However, He Grows Angry
and Snaps Back at His
Tormentors.
Hakes Sms Admissions, bat Fails to
v Produce the Bocks and Leaves
the Stand Smi ing.
NEW YORK, K. V., Feb. 16.-The
legislative cummi'.tee investieating the
trusts and monopolies in this Stale re
sumed its inquiry this morning. Mr. j
Searles wa3 on hand early and nis ex- j
animation was continued, iir. Searles >
said there was very litile profit in the
business for five years before the trust ■
was formed and :ienied tliat there was a '
sevenfold capital izaiion of the Mock after
the consolidation of the refineries.
Senator Lexow then put a number of
long questions as to whether the consumer
can get the benefit of the reduction in the
price of .the raw material so long as ap
gregations of capital designed to control
prices are permitted to exist.
"I can't imagine such a thing existing.
I aon't believe the Legislature can remedy j
such a state of affairs if it existed. As I j
said before, the Jaw of supply and demand
will regulate ail these thin&s in time."
In renly to another question the witness
acknowledged that the consumer had not
received the full benefit of the decrease in
the price of raw material
Mr. Searles cot hot at one of Senator
Lexow's questions and snapped bacK:
"The American Sugar Refining Company !
is not a monopoly or a quasi-nionopoly
in any sense of the word. The American
Sugar Refining Company is in the interest
of the ronsnmer, end there is no reason
why the State should interfere with its ;
business in any particular.''
Senator Lexow then went off on another
tack. "Mr. Searles, '' he said, ''have you
since yesterday given the production of
books any consideration ?''
"I have not," said Mr. Searles, with a
smite.
Lawyer Parsons of counsel for the sugar i
company said tbe directors would meet !
to-morrow and he would lay the matter !
before tiiem. Mr. Parsons said mat H. 0. ;
Havemeyer would be pre.-enton Thursday
morning and i.c would carry tne answer
of the directors in regard to ihe produc
tion of the books. Tuis was satisiactory J
to tbe committee.
In reply 10 another question Mr. Searles
said ihat be believed there was at. much
labor if not more employed now than be- ,
fore the consolidation.
Senator Lexow wanted the figures in i
that respect, ana Mr. Parsons, speaking !
for Mr. Searles, said he would request Mr.
Havemeyer to produce the desired data.
"Perhaps these figures are also de- j
stroyed," remarked Chairman Lexow, and i
Mr. Searies smiled.
Witness said there was an increase of
fu.iy 10 per cent in wages after the forma
tion of the trust.
"Did you say tliat the trust was formed
because of illegal combinations of labor?"
"I said that there were combinations of
labor which incited strikes and these
strikes were for increased wages.'"
This closed the examination of Mr. i
Searles, who left tlie stand smiling.
Lawyer Fuller was tuen recalled as an
•Xpert and said that the sugar trust was '
formed to reduce expenses, and there was j
more machinery In u?e now ti.an when it I
was formed, consequently le-s men. Mr. i
Fuller, alter answering some further ques- i
tio:is, said :
"Now, I want to say that if you give us .
honest Senators we will h*ve ciieaper su- :
gar. I am in favor of < lectmg men to [
Congress who will legislate la favor of the
public."
Tnere was applruise from the spectators
at this nmark, which Chairman Lexow
suppressed.
"We will now take up tbe United States
Rubber Company," said Senator Lexow.
The first witness was Charles li. Flint.
Mr. Flint described the compaiiv, of which
he was trea urer and a member of the
board of directors, by wring it was organ
ized in New Jersey in 1892. He stid there
had been an understand. iig in the rubber
business in regard to prices for the past
twenty years, and that the object of the
consolidation w;»s to secure economy, by
centralization. He explained thatthecon
solidated companies controlled about 50
per cent of tbe rubber business and com
petition was continued with the companies
doing the rest of the business.
The witness was examined at great
len.'tn concerning the stock issues, the
purchases of competing properties and
other detaiis of the business np to tbe hour i
of adjournment.
R ATT AX GOtHtS LOMBIXh.
To lin formed in Jto-ton "> o- Hay Kith a
I nj.i nl of $G,000,000.
CHICAGO, 111, Feb. 17.— The Tribune
says: A trust which will set prices on
rattan goods the world over will be formed
in Boston to-day. The concern will have
a capital stock of $6,000 000. Negotiations
to this end have baen pending lor some
time, the companies which will consoli
date bfinsj the H< y wood Bro«. <fe Co. and
the Wakefield Rattan Company.
The new concern will be Known as the
Heywood Brother* it Wakefield Com
pany. Of the $6,000,000 capital fi.ooo.ojo
will be preferred and the remainder com
mon stock. Both companies at present
have large branch houses in Chicago.
None of the local officials wi.l consent
to talk concerning ti.e combination be
yond stating that there was little question
that the new company nan been lormed.
The stockholders of tne Heywood Com
pany voted some time ago in favor of the
consolidation. The stockholders of the
Wafceneld Company met to-day at Boston
to take action.
Heywood Brothers & Co. have their
home office and principal plant at Gar
diner, Mas*., with sealing warehouses in
Boston. New York, Baltimore, Philadel
phia, Chicago, Los Angeles, San Fran
cisco and Portland, Or. They have
branches across the water in Liverpool
and London. The Wakefield Rattan Com
pany is a Massncnusett3 corporation. The
company bas plants in Wakefield, Mass.,
Chicago, Kanfcakee, ill., and Kan Fran
cisco.
BRiAA'B POSITIOS SUSTAINED.
Xcbraaka'i . Smpr-tne Court nrcidea a
Crltbratetl Injunction' Cat c.
LINCOLN, Nebr., Feb. 16.— The .some
what celebrated gold bond injunction suit
in which W. J. Bryan, as the plaintiff,
sought to restrain ttie Mayor and City
Council from delivering $534, 600 refunding
bonds with a gold clause attached to City
Treasurer Stepbenson, was to- -lay decided
by the Supreme Court and Mr. Bryan's
position was sustained.
Nearly two years ago a proposition to
vote bonds was submitted and carried by
a bare majority. The City Council con
tracted for their purchase with Stephen
son, who insisted on a gold clause, which
was allowed. Mr.' Bryan enjoined the
sale on the ground that the bonds were
illegally carried, and further that the city
charter prohibited discrimination between
gold and currency bonds. District Judge
Holmes decided in his favor and the City
Council appealed. The Supreme Court
affirms the decision of tbe lower court,
laying strew on the fact that the -bonds
were illegally declared carried, but re
maining silent on the gold clause feature.
A RAISIN TRUST ORGAN /ZED.
To Establish Headquarters and Build a
Large Factory at Fresno, Which Will
Absorb Ail 0 hers.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 17.— The
World says: Another trust was born yes
terday — not a very big or vigorous one as
yet, for it is only an infant, but it prom
ises to grow. This new combine is the
rai-in trust. The capital stock was sub
scribed yesterday in Wall street; only
$500,000 as a starter, and the name has
not even been selected, but the object is in
plain sight
It is simply to control the entire raisin
industry of tbe country. Practically all
the native raisins come from the. grane
region of California, and the town o*
Fresno is the center of the business. The
new trust will make its headquarters
there and build a large factory, which is
expected to absoro all others.
The process of cleansing and preparing
raisins for the market is an old one, but
tbe new company has control of a novel
device for tujcing the seeds out of grapes,
and this is designed to give great ad
vantage over other concerns. Fred Nich
ols is to be president of tho new trust.
While declining to give any details of the
organization he said yesterday:
"We think this is a most opportune
time to embark in the enterprise. The
demand for raisins has grown to such pro
portions that it is impossible to respond to
the requirements of the trade except by
an investment of a large sum of money at
a point where the fruit can be bad at the
least expense. The men forming the com
pany are principally New Yorkers."
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Colonel 0 is a Candidate lor Public Printer.
Chances of ihe Mineral Lands
Bill — Pensions.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 16.— A re
port was circulated at tho Capitol to-d:iy
to the effect that Colonel Harrison Gray
Otis, editor of the L,us Angeles Times,
would be a candidate for the office of Pub
lic Printer, to succeed T. E. Benedict of
New York. The Republicans in Congress
from California, Including Representative
McLachlan, declare that they have no
definite knowledge as to his candidacy.
Representatives Ma^uire, Bowers and
Barliam of California and Representative
McMiilin of Tennessee to-day called on
the Commissioner of tbe General Land
Office to see what could be done regard
ing the mineral lands biil. Mr. Lamoreaux
was out of town, but will be back to-nior
row, when another visit will be made. It
is understood tbat Representative Mc-
Miilin, who last session opposed the bill,
now advocates its passage. The law has
worked bo well in Montana and Idaho
that it is understood the Land Office will
recommend Its passage :o Congress. Rep
resentative Bowers is satisfied tha:
Speaker Reed will recognize some mem
ber for its consideration in the House.
The Secretary ot War orders that First
Lieutenant Edwin B. Babbitt of the
I ordnance department, proceed to Fort
! Point, Cal., ror the purpose of inspecting
j a 10-inch disappearing carriage, under
j instructions from the chief of ordnance,
I and that upon the completion of this
duty he return to his proper station.
Representative Johti*on to-d»y present
ed to tbe House a memorial of tha Califor
-1 nia Legislature requejting a tariff on for-
I eign fruits, including fresh table fruits.
Pensions have been eranteil as follows:
Calif«rnia: Original — Hoxie L. Hoffman,
Los An^eies; Joshua D. Baker, Datura.
| Special, February B— John T. Hancock,
W.ernns' Home. Increase — John Miller,
NapaCity; Simon Newmark. Sun Fran
| Cisco. Original widows, etc. — Ellen t,
\ Bailhache, Martinez. Reissue — Murgaret
! Willis, Freshwater.
Oreuon: Renewals and increase — Ozias
j D. Keeler, Wal.awa.
Washington: Original — Sandy Motu
; eomery, Spokane. Special. February 8—
Edwin Bryant, Port Angeles; Adam
I Freudeustein, Parkland.
CALL ISO J-OIC MO Kb TROOPS.
fanatical Uprising <»» Argentina- Ab
*umr* Alarming Proportion*.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 16.— The Her
ald's special cable from Buenos Ayres
says: Rio de Janeiro advices state that
Colonel Moreiria Caesar, who was ordered
to Bahia to suppress the rebellion of the
fanatical bands under Consel Heiro, has
M-nt word that be must have more troops.
He declares that the strength of the fanat
ics Is largely underestimated.
Recruits in alarming numbers, Colonel
Caesar says, are daily joining the fanatics.
The headquarters of the rebels have been
removed from Canadaos to a more advan
tageous point in the disturbed province.
It is feared that there will be a severe
struggle before the revolt is overcome.
The most serious allegations continue to
be made as to the cause ot the revolt and
| the means by which it is kept alive. Io
certain Brazilian papers it is charged that
President Monies is himself responsible
for the disorder in the dominant parties
in the republic, this state of affairs being,
it is said, a prominent factor in inducing
the fanatics to rise this time.
Duke Montpensier, it is said, has sent
funds from Paris to Consel Heiro.
XOTM.It /./.,,>f. I'ROVISIOSS.
Ihe L«s*or Taken -A© ( haneea on Money
fluctuations.
CHICAGO, 111., Feb. 16. — A unique
provision for the payment of rental is
made in the lease between Albert E. Kent
of San Rafael, Cal.. and Naomi A., Reu
ben H. and Thomas E. Donnelley of this
city.
The Donnelleys have leased the lot in
Plymouth place, 48 feet north of Polk
street, /or ninety-nine years from May 1
next,. and are to erect a business block
thereon. The terms of the lease require
th« payment of 154,800 grains of gold per
annum for the first ten years, and 167,700
grains yearly for the remainder of the
term. The gold is to be of the standard
fineness established by the United States.
RACISQ AG i.VAT HEATH.
Remarkable i: U n of a Burlington 7 rain
■from Chicago to Denver.
DENVER, Colo., Feb. 16.— H. J. May
ham, who took a special Burlington train
from Chicago yesterday, hoping to reach
the bedside of bis dying son, arrived this
morning two hours late. The run of the
special train was the most remarkable on
record. .The. distance, 1028 miles, wa>
made in 18 hours 52 minute-. Tne last
300 miles, with a pull of nearly a mile
elevation, was made at the rate of 57
miles an hour.
( arteta and. the Inauguration.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 16.— Tbe
resolution to permit tbe United States
cadets at the West Point and Annapolis
academies to participate in tbe ceremo
nies attending the inauguration of Presi
dent McKiniey was called up in the House
Military Committee this morning by the
chairman, Hull of lowa.
Alter a brief discussion a motion to
reler ihe resolution to the secretaries of
War and Navy was agreed to without divi
sion. It is said the report of both secre
taries will be in tne hands of the cbair
mun, to be laid before the members at
next Friday's meeting.
CHANDLER AS A
SILVER APOSTLE
Sees National Calamity in
the Single Gold
Standard.
Warns the Republican Party
That It Must Move for
Bimetallism.
Otherwise It Will Soon Change Places
With Its "Sore, Bleeding and
Prostrate Foes."
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 16— The
opening prayer in the Senate to-day was
offered by Rev. W. J. &. Brown of Lon
don. It embraced t:ie President-elect as
well as the President, and it asked that
tho^e who desired permanent peace be
iween the two great Englis -speaking na
tions may nave their desire accomplished.
Tiie House bill dividing the State of
Arkansas into two judicial districts —
eastern and western — was passed; also
the bill for the loan of tents for the use of
the G. A. R. encampment at Buffalo this
year.
Sherman (R.) of Ohio gave notice that
he would move to go into executive ses
sion tomorrow on the arbitration treaty,
and that he hoped then to get final action
on it.
The Judiciary Committee was discharged
from the further consideration of the Sen
ate bill to amend the act repealing the
timber-culture laws, and the bill was laid
before the Senate. This is the bill re
cently recalled from the President for the
purpose of baring it changed in a sub
stantial point. The House amendments
to the bill, which covered the points in
issue, were disagreed to and a conference
ordered.
Chandler (R.) of New Hampshire ad
dressed the Senate in support of i is reso
lution, offered February 2, declaring it to
be the sense of the Senate that the United
States should not permanently acquiesce
in the single cold standard. He said that
he lavored the resolution because he was
an advocate of bimetallism and an oppo
nent of monometallism, whether gold or
silver. Chandler pointed to the fact that
the world's production of gold and silver
in 1806 was $215,000,000 of each metal, and
his comment upon that fact was that it
seemed as if Providence — as if nature — as
if God himself — had interposed to refute
the prediction of those who had demanded
the demonetization of silvor o:i the ground
of its enormous overproduction.
Speaking of the Indianapolis conven
tion Mr. Chandler said that the respectable
and respected candidate of that conven
tion, bearing a standard with the motto,
"Gold Monometallism and Free Trade,"
had received 72b*. 000 votes out of over 14,
--000,000 votes, but that, nevertheless, the
assistance of those worthy and old-fash
ioned gentlemen in the election of McKin
iry had been glauly welcomed. Ii was
time for the passing away of the Demo
cratic party and those gentlemen were en
titled to perform an honorable part in the
obsequies.
In the further course of his remarks
Chandler referred to the position of Fetti
grew(K.) of South Dakota, speaking of
his nt'endtng the State Convention or
South Dakota, accepting his own delegate j
to the St. Louis Republican National
Convention, promising to abide by the
decision of that convention ana then re- j
pnaiatinz that convention. He charac
terized the course of Pettigrew as having
stamped him as "a hopeless silver mono
metalhst."
Petticrew asked him whether it was his
own statement, or was it a quotation.
Chandler replied that me statement
was derived Iroru the newspapers.
"I brand that statement," Pettigrew ex
claimed, "as absolutely, unqualifiedly
false in every particular. I made the
name denial in the Senate, before the St.
Louis convention, and it was published
in the Record, so that the Senator hns no
excuse for repeating the statement in his
speech to-day."
"The §enator says the statement is ab
solutely false" Chandler continued,
"therefore I understand him to «ay he
did not attend the South Dakota Repub
lican Convention; did not accept bis
election as a delegate to the St. Louis con
vention and did not declare that he would
ob-y the instructions of the State conven
tion.
"I say," Pettigrew returned, "that your
statement in the whole and the prin
ciples you intended to convey are abso
lutely false."
Chandler attempted to pin down the
Senator from South Dakota to hard facts,
which so uettleii the Senator that he sat
down with an air of great annoyance.
Subsequently Pettierew said: "The
South Dakota convention did not declare
lor 'sound money.' If it had it wouid not
have declared tor gold. It simply de
clared t :at it would refer the question of
bimetallism to the St. Louis convention.
But it made no declaration in favor of
w bat is wrongfully called ' sound
money.' "
Passing away from th-se personal refer
ence?", Chandler spoke of the declarations
of French, German and English public
men in favor of bimetallism, and asked
whether, in view of triese declarations,
the movement for international bimetal
lism had not a large chance of success.
He quoted from a speech of Senator
Sherman, made in 1876, to the effect that
nothing but an act o. God could destroy
the us« of both gold and silver amonj; the
nations of mankind, and from a speech
of Secretary Carlisle, made in 1878, speak
ing of the demonetization of silver a* the
most giganti.l crime of this or any other
age; aud he ridded sarcastically that Sher
man in his new position as Secretary of
State wou d be an honored leader in the
new movement to save the country
and the world from the evils of mono
metallism.
In conclusion, Chandlersaid : "I d^clnrp
my b-'lief that President McKinley and
the other leaders of the party in their ad
vent to power may by wise decisions and
virtuous deeds infinitely prolong the
ascendency of the Republican party in
this country. This will surely be done by
making it the party of the people, to the
finel confusion and discomfiture of tho*e
-—s^^^^^^,^ _________ NEW TO-DAT. ~~'
Under eminent scientific control
APENTA
The Best Natural Laxative Water.
The most certain and comfortable cathartic in cases of ■
constipation and sluggish liver or piles.
pretenders— "the blind leaders of the
blind— who were so summarily on the 31
of November iast, ail thrown into a ditch
together.
"If. on the contrary, this is not done,
\ and if the Republican party shall content
itself with seizing and enjoying the spoils
of office, >urrendering unreservedly to the
money power, acquiescing permanently in
the existing gold standard and treating
bimetallism as a 'juegling humbug' and
trie promise to promote it according to
the advice of the New York Sun, as a
pledge never intended to De fulfilled,
Republicans will speedily find the tide of
political battle turned against them and
they will soon regain the places which
their now sore, bleeding and prostrate
foes occupy.
"In the coming triumphant President,
hopeful and over confident, 'rejoicing as a
stronpr man to run a race' and to his
chosen advisers soon to challenge all the
' adverse currents of the luture, I cannot
[ help warningly saying concerning the
pending worldwide controversy over the
burning question of money: 'Unsettled
questions pay no heed to the repose of
nations. Be wise to-day: 'tis madness
to defer.' "
No action was taken or. the resolution,
which went back to the Vice- President's
table.
The sundry civil appropriation bill was
received from the House and referred 10
the Committee on Appropriations.
Tne Indian appropriation bill was taken
up and partly read. The reading was in
terrupted Dy a motion to proceed to the
consideration of executive business, which
was agreed to, and at 8:45 o'clock the gal
lerips were cleared and iho doors closed.
The doors were reopened at 4:15 o'clock
and legislative business resumed, when
the Senate bill for promoting Captain
William Tyndall. U. S. N., retired list, to
the rank of major was passed.
The bankruptcy bill was taken up, and
Hoar (R.) of Massachusetts, in charge of
it, explained and advocated it. He esti
mated the number of bankrupts in the
United States at 500,00 . He thought it
would be a great pity if thßt 51)0,000 of
bankrupts should have to go on in sorrow
and despair for the rest of their )ive< be- j
cau-e Congress had not skill enouah to
frame a measure wbicn would accomplish
a result desired in every humane, man.
In the course of his explanation of the
substitute reported from the Judiciary
Committee Hoar said that the "volun
tary" provisions of the bill could be re
sorted to by farmers, wage-earners and
such persons, while the "involuntary"
proceedings would apply to merchants,
traders and manufacturers.
'Without action on the bill the Senate,
at 5:20 p. St., adjourned until to-morrow.
8E&SIOM Or THJK JSVVBK.
Failure to F«*« a J'etMion Bill Over <he
JPr'*irt*nVs Teto.
WASHINGTON, D. CL, Feb. 16 —It was
a miscellaneous lot of business that en
saged the attention of the House to-day.
The House refused to pass a bill granting
a pension at tne rate of $30 a month to
Nancy Allabach, widow of Peter H. Alla
bacii, in the later years of his life captain
of the Capitol police, which President
Cleveland vetoed. The vote stood 115 to
79 — the necessary two-thirds not voting in
the affirmative to pass the bill over the
veto.
A number of House biils granting pen
sions, which bad been amended in the
Senate, were laid before the House md
the Senate amendments agreed to.
The bill was passed on recommendation
Oi the Committee on Patents making uni
form the jurisdiction of the Circuit Courts
of the united States in case of the in
fringement of letters patent.
The rest of the day was spent in the
consideration of private pension bills,
about twenty-rive of them being passed.
Among the btsiericmries at the rate of $50
a month each were the widows of Brevet
Major- General 8. A. Duncan, Colonel
Renea de Russy, Brigadier-General Charles
A. Heickn.Hn and Brigadier-General Wil
liam Van Diver.
The order for a session at nisht was
vacated, and at 4:45 the House adjouned
until to-morrow.
SAN JOSEANS ALLEGE FRAUD.
Traded Jfaluable Proper y for Land Which i
They Declare Cannot Be Culti
vated.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 16.— George "VV.
Wilson and wife to-day began suit in the
Superior Court against C. H. Trim and D.
H. Bryant to have a conveyance of prop
erty declared void on account of fraud and
for $10,000 damages resulting therefrom.
On December 22. 1896, the Wilsons
traded 21)4 acres of land on the A urn
Rock road, six miles east of this city, to C.
H. Trim lor 640 acres near Pa-kenta, in
Teharna County. Trim agreed lo assume
a $2400 mortgage on the Wilson property.
The defendant represented the land in
Tehama County to be well watered and
that over one-half of it could be culti
vated, and he said it was of equal value to
the plaintiff's property. It was also rep
resented to 6« near a school and desirable
for a borne.
Wilson and hi? wife declare all these
representations to have been fals-e, and
claim the land to be almost worthless.
They allege that it is mountainous and
foil of deep, rocky gulches, and not over
twenty acres is fit for cultivation.
C. H. Trim to-day transferred thepron
erty obtained from the Wilsons to D. H.
Bryant, and for this reason the latter is
made a defendant to the suit.
HI RE It 1O MURDER.
Chinese Highbinder Arrnifjned. for an At
tfnpt to Take. Life.
SAN JOSE, Cal , Feb. 16. — Weung
Weung, a Chinese highbinder, was ar
raigned before Justice Dwyer to-day on a
charge of attempting to murder Charley
Quong, a merchant in Sixth street. China
town, on December 23. His examination
was set for February 19. Bail was fixed at
$3000. After the assault Weung went to
San Francisco, and returned here only
last evening, when he was arrested by
Dc nuty Sheriffs Black and Stnrcke. '
Quong had some trouble with one of the
Chinese societies some time before the as
sault, and it is said Weung was imported
from San Francisco to kill him.
* - • — ♦
Accuse* a Neighbor of Buralaru.
SAN JOSE. Cal., Feb. 16. -Jose Berry
essa to-day swore to a complaint before
Justice Gass charging A. Barbana with in
tent to commit burglary. They are neigh
bors in the southern part of the city. Ber
ryessa alleges thai on February 10 defend
ant effected an entrance to his house, and
was about to K et away with some clothes
and a gun when discovered.
Fined for Sim *ooU.hn<-,,.
BAN JOSE. Cal., Feb. 16.-R. HeiwK
ex- Buperin;endent8 uperin;endent of the city fire alarm
system was to-day found Ruiltv b.v a jury
In Justice GasB 1 court of turnip in a false
1 o"u-hi h r K ° n F f bruar y 2- He was fined
$ .v, which be paid.
Suffering trmn a Tumor.
bA^ JOSE, Cal., Feb. 16.— For several
days past there have been rumors that a
case of ieprosy existed in HeinlenviHe and
tnat the Cnine^e had been endeavoring to
suppress' theVact. Health Officer Cnrnow
nvestieated the case to-day and assert!
that the Chinauan is suffering from a flesh
and bone turner, commencing on the rip lit
Th? nmn^ ce V tn "own to the wai
The tumor is ojenormous size and grows
very rapidly. » parently wei X in£ 100
pounds. The uk fortunate Mongo ian witfv
be removed to tie hospital in a few davVT
An operation w* be Lrforrned , the Ye- T
S Jnti-lootrfom Ordlnntte*.
O* XT T/^O-C it . 1 ... .
• "•' -»" M '. *-*!,. Feb. 16.-An ordi
nance has been presented in the City
Council by Councifcnan Fay prohibiting
the buying and selNn, of pools on horse
races in the city. The penalty for a vio
lation of .the act is fixed at $100 fine or
thirty days imprison '
STOCKTON'S QUEER DIVORCE CASE.
— \
Mrs. Coggeswell a Party Defendant m a
Suit Brought by Her Da ugh ter
m-Law.
STOCKTON, Cal., Feb. 16.- -The first
inning in the Van Pelt divorce suit was
contested in Judge Budd' a court yester
day. T. c case is an Interesting one ironi
a legal aspect, because Mrs. Van Peit has
not only sued Edwin S. Van Pelt, herhus
-sand, for a divorce, but has also sued her
mother-in-law as a party defendant, al
leging that Mr. Van Pelt transferred his
property to her just previous to the com
mencement of the suit to prevent his wile
from obtaining any portion of it.
Tue demurrer of Mrs. S. J. Coggeswell,
the mother- ui-law, came up for hearing.
Besides alleging the formal ground ;hat
the complaint uid not state facts suffi
cient to constitute a cause 01 action, it was
claimed tnat there was a misjoinder of
the parties defendant, inasmuch ab Mrs.
Coggesweli was not a necessary or proper
defendant in an action lor divorce. It,
was declared that several causes of actiou
had been improperly joined.
Judge Budd overruled the demurrer,
thereby sustaining the complaint. Such 1
a suit as the present is very unusual, there,/
beintr but a single similar one in the Cali
fornia .Reports.
M.iXlM'* ELECTION COJITEST.
Certain of the Charges Against Sylva
Hithdrntrn in. Court.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., Feb. 16.— The Su
pervisorial contest in the Third District,
Sylva vs. Ring, came up for farther hear
ing before the Superior Courl to-day. At
the last hearing Judge Angelotti directed
the District Attorney to investigate the
conduct of contestant Sylva in Bolinas
precinct to ascertain if he had made him
sell liable under the purity of elections
law. When proceedings opened to-day
Mr. Cochrane, attorney lor Hylva, stated
that the parties on both sides had agreed
to dismiss the contest as to the allegations
under the purity law and continue it only
upon the point ot the legality of the elec
tion iv Mill Valley and fiolinas precincts.
The motion to dismiss was granted and
the argument on the remaining point was
set for February 25.
Sotintnn'a t.pi •copnl JUittion.
SONOMA, Cal., Feb. 16— A movement is
on foot to reorganize the Episcopal Mission,
formerly carried on in this city by Rev.
James Hui me, but given up at the time that
gentleman was called to the rectorship of
St. Andrew's Church, in East Oakland.
Tbeßigutßev. Anson Graves, Bishop of
the Piatte, Nebraska, who has oeen ap
pointed to net for Bishop Wingneld of the
northern jurisdiction of thd diocese of
California, during the latter's illness, will
hold a service here on the afternoon of
Thursday, February 25, to admm:.-ter the
rites pi baptism and confirmation to pos
sibie candidates. The service will be fol
lowed by a meeting of the workers of the
misMon to elect officers and form a guild.
Key. Juhn Partridge of Petalurua has been
placed in charge of the mission, and will
probably hold a service every Sunday aft
ernoon.
Sunl: at Port 1 oirnxeud.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., Fob. 16.—
The ateamer Mackinaw, winch recently
grounded on .Point Marrowstone, subse
quently coming to this port for repairs,
was to have sailed for San Francisco this
morning. It had been inspected by the
board of surveyors and pronounced to
be in a seaworthy condition. During the
night, while moored at the dock, it sprang
a leak and sank. The water was low
when the accident occurred, but the
puaips were immediately started and by
hard work the Mackinaw was raised. An
other survey and further examination will
be made to-morrow.
San Vieyo .Nominee*.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Feb. 16.— The Non-
Partisan club has nominated Charles F.
Holland, Democrat, for Mayor; Thomas
J. Dowell for Treasurer, and a full city
ticket for the April elections.
NEW TO-DAT.
Do you care
more for , the
few cents you
save in buying
a cheap baking
powder than
for clean, whole-
some food?
Be just to
yourself and
use /
Trophy
4S Tinmann & Bendcl Mfr»
DR.MCOTLTYT
H'HIS WELL-KNOWN' AND RELIABLE OM>
I Specialist cnrMrrivate.Nerrous,ttiooa«ird^«in
Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restore.!. Over
20 years' experience! Send for Boon, frgt. 1 atien
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours. 9 to
<lftlly;6:3oto3.3oeVcs. Sunduyi, !otol2. C<.iisiiltH-
; tiou free confidential. Cal|or»ddr«3
P. BOSt'OE JIeSHITT. M: I>..
26k Kcarnr Strcrl. San rwrimw. C»I.
j.. .; ■' .' '. - " ■■ ■ ' ■ -■• " t
nniIAHPO FOR bootblacks. BAK-.
I3RII^U£X<-"' bootblacks. bamk
D81IIC? II Urn *J nouses, billiard- tabled
brewers, bookbinder*, candy-makers, cann«n.^
dyers, Bourmills, foundries, laundries, paper- .
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, sub!*-
men> tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
* BUCHANAN BKOS.,
Brmhaiauufwcturers. 60t>ajcrainento'it«
NOTARY PUBLIC.
/-IHARLB3 H. PUILLII^. ATTOUNKY-AT-
\J Law ana Notary Public. 638 Market St., oppo-
site Palace Hotel. Telephone 570. Residence 1«H
i e:l street. Telephone " Pine " 25'JLBATTLE OF THE
STATE PRINTER
Must Secure More Money
or Tie (Jp Routine
Work.
Enrages Controller Co!gan by j
Refusing to Print Some
Warrants.
Further Complications Grow Out o.
the F.efusal of the Governor to
Sign the Appropriation.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 16.—
employes of the State Printing Office and
the State Book bindery, who, by reason of
being discharged the other day, found
time to attend the morning session of the
Assembly, were sorely disappointed, for
the battle of the types and presses, the
statesmen and the Jawbooks was again
deferred until to-morrow morning at 11
o'clock.
There \v;.a only a slight skirmish to-day
by the advance pickets just outside the
majority trocha, the first cun being fired
by the Committee on Printing, to which |
had been referred Dibble's two bills, al
lowing $40,000 in one and $35,000 in the
other to the State Printing Ollice. The J
committee reported a substitute for both j
in the shape of a bill appropriating
$75,000. The committee reported back
Caminetti's resolution, asking the State j
Printer to furnish the House with a list of i
the names of the persons discharged by I
the State Printer, together with the names i
of the persons upon whose recommenda
tion those employes had been appointed
by the printer, and the committee sug
gested the reference of the resolution to
the special committee on investigation.
Caminetti's resolution was intended for
the manufacture of political thunder to
hurl upon the head of the printer for hav
ing discharged Democratic employes and
retained Republican ones when he was
obliged to cut down his force by reason of
lack of funds.
Caminetti is really a very funny little j
man. He is the funniest man in Sacra- ]
mento, and there are a whole lot of funny j
men liere. He belongs to a party whose
motto is "To the victor belong the spoils,"
' and yet he is acting in tnii matter as
though he desired to prove that the State
Printer should discharge all the Republi
cans and keep only the Democrats on
guard, because, forsooth, the Democratic
Governor and the Democratic legislators ■
hid refused to furnish the oilice with suf- j
ficient tunds to keep the full force em
ployed! Now, if that isn't funny this j
world is a revolving funeral.
The funny man, of course, raised an ob
jection. He thought it was funny that
the committee should recommend that
' his resolution should bo referred to a
committee not yet in existence, and
Speaker Coombs, oblivious of the joice, in
qui:ed whether a public officer elected by
me people could be required to furnish ,
the names cf persons discharged by Dim. j
Bridgford came to the rescue... He said |
■ at the charge bad been made that the
State Printer had attempted to intimidate
members of the Assembly by discharging j
persons who hail been unpointed at their j
suggestion, and the resolution should be '
adopted.
The report of the committee was ignored i
and Caminetti's resolution c tiling for an |
investigation was put to the vote and de- i
feated, the vote being 28 ayes and 39 noes. !
Then the whole subject matter was laid :
over until 11 o'clock this morning.
Controller Colgan, next after the dis
charged employes, was Hie first to feel the
effect of the shortage of funds in »he State
Pi inter's office. He sent down yesterday j
an order for 200 warrants and 500 vouchers. I
The order was returned to the Controller |
with the following indorsement: "Re
spectfully declined for lack of funds. A. J.
Johnston, by H."
The Controller was angry. It was the
first lime that anything of "the kind had
been done to him"and the top of his head
became rosy with indignation. The result
of his cogitations was the following letter
to the State Board of Examiners:
To the ll' able the State Hoard of Examiners,
Sacramento, Cat.— Gentlemen: 1 beg to i close
herewith two orders on me Superintendent of
State Printing for printing necessary for my
cflice, which have been returned to mewi'h
the notation attached thereto. Under the pro
visions of section 531. Political Code, as
amended in 18'J5 (statutes 1895, page 233), in
the event that a State officer shall consider
the decision of the Superintendent of Stale i
Printing unfair in his declination of an order i
for printing he may refer the matter to the
State Board of Examiners, which board shall
determine the matter. This decision of the
Superintendent of State Printing 1 consider !
unfair and unwarranted, against public policy
and detrimental to the proper conductor the '
business of the State. 1 therefore reler the
matter to your honorable board, with the re
quest that the Superintendent of state Print
ing be required to fill this order at once.
State Printer Johnston, when asxed by a
Call reporter this afternoon as to the
reasons why he had cut off the Con
troller's printing, replied that he had
given instructions only to do such State
woik as was absolutely necessary for the
running of the State government until
the Legislature made some provision for
paying the hands employed in is office.
"I have been compelled by reason of i
the lack of funds," he said, "to cut off
some men and to phalanx others. 1 j
.-hould cut off a Inree number more, only
for the fact that I have a very large quan
tity of legislative work on hand. I must
do the work for the Legislature and for
the Supreme Court at all hazards, be- !
cause these departments must go on no
matter what the cost or trouble may be.
I shall do the best I can under the cir
cumstances."
Eugene S. Had ley, bookkeeper . for the |
State Pr.ming Office, said that Cami
netti's statement that the accounts of the
Controller did not tally with those of the
State Printer was unfounded. Tho state
ment also that neither Hadley nor
Johnston could explain the discrepancy i
.was denied.
'•"What I did say," said Hadley, "was:
•I will not attempt to make any explana
tion of a shortage such as you claim.' j
Caminetti said: 'If I come to you to- I
morrow mornine. will you try to explain?' j
and I said, 'I will.' I will say further
tnat our books and those of the Controller I
balance correctly to a cent."
The explanation made by JHadley is
this: In the report of the State Printer
irom July 1, 1894, to June 30, 1896, ap
pears on page 22 a table of expenses of the
office, such as composition em pi yes, $44,
--551 95; engravine employes, $10,090; re- ]
pairs, etc., the whole aceregating $140,000. j
Under the beading, '•Printing for Depart- j
ments. Institutions," etc., beginning on
page 28, is a statement of the cost of work j
done for each department by the Priming
Office. In this statement the items of in
surance, plumbing, etc., do not appear,
and therefoie the total does not foot up !
$116,000. Caminetti, whose forte doing
politics and not bookkeeping, jumped to
the conclusion that there was a shortage
of $50,000, although bow Ibis could have
happened when the State Printer neither
receives nor disburses a dollar the gentle
man from Amador cannot explain. Had
ley presents the following as explaining
the mare's-nest shortage discovered by
the ex-Congressman: .
Total expenditures from appropriation
for forty-seyenth fiscal year, $146,000 59.
distributed as follows: Printing for de
partments, etc., 982,25780; lithographing
for departments, etc. , .I!4c>sß '-'0; sioik and
labor lor thirty-first session of Legislature
in excess of their appropriation, $23,008 63;
permanent material, $6950 32; repairs,
r>lum bine, fixtures and improvements,
$0048 56; vaiue of stock on hand. $15,69848:
insurance, $1342 40; total, $143,864 39. leav
ing a balance of $2136 20, which was for
expenses incurred in making th" change
of the bindery and coruposina-rooni. The
entire expenditure of $146,000, however,
is made by warrant drawn on the Treas
urer by the Controller after approval by
the Board of Examiners. This supervi
sion extends to alt payrolls, as well as to
all bills, no matter how small.
State Controller Cnlgan said that what
the Governor wanted the State Printer to
! show w»s when Joun Doe, for instance,
I drew $45 for composition wnat amount of
matter did he >et up for that amount of
money. This would be impracticable !n
individual casfs, but tho a^gre^ate num
ber of ems, etc., could be shown on each
payroll.
"Perhaps the trouble with Johnston is
that he is not charging enough tor his
printing, and is not including repairs,
wear and tear and other necessary ex
pense in the co.-t of his work,'' added Col
gan.
Colgan denied that he had used swear
words when bis order was returned to him
as "declined with thanks" and "not avail
able." He said he never swore except
when giving testimony in court. The
refusal of the printer to do his work had
not hampered him any as he always kept
a stock on hand, but if an appropriation
was not granted very soon his work would
be seriously cripi led, because he was
obliged to completely change ail his books
on the Ist of July.
Considerable feeling is being developed
in the controver.-v, and some of it cropped
out to-day when Assemblyman Hill offered
the following resolution:
Rrsohrrt, That the Governor of this state b. 1
requested to inform the Assembly within five
dnysof the amount ol his pttrouaire in the
| state Printing t>fii'-e und of the number and
i names of the pernons «:io have been employed
in said printing office ai h s instance or request.
Speaker Coombt declared the resolution
i out of or.ier. It broke in upon that
I divinity wit ion doth hedge in a Governor
and was not considered respectful.
The Republican caucus this eveninc
■ decided to withdraw the bill appropriate
' ing $75,000 for th* Stale Printing Office
I and to -übsiitute D bble's two bills — one
j for $40,000 and the other for $35,000. The
) majority will thus force the minority to
| eat crow while Leatine the devil around
! the stump. The msnibers of the caucus
; were sworn to secrecy.
JO rtRCUA.yt. A HAILXOAD.
An Amendment to the Civil Code 1m
/>eeotn mended.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 16.— 1n com
pliance with the request made by Judge
Sterry on behalf of the Atchison, Topeka
and Santa Fe the Judiciary Committee of
the Senate agreed to recommend the
passage of an amendmct to the Civil Code
which, will give the company mentioned
the right to purchase and operate the At
lantic and Pacific Railroad when it is
sold under a decree of foreclosure. The
amendment is to section 165 of the C>vil
Code dehning powers of raiiroad corpora
tions and is as follows:
To purchase any railroad or pnrt thereof,
lands, franchises, rights, privilege*, powers
ami immunities of any raiiroad corporation
cretited by or under any law of the Timed
States, or of urn State or Territory situated in
whole or in part in the Slate of California,
which may be sold by virtue of any mortgage
or dee 1 of trust, or pursuant 10 the judgment
or decree ou execution ol any court oi com
peient jurisdiction.
When a purchase is made of any railroad, or
part thereof, or lands, franchises, rights, priv
ileges, powers and immunities of auy railroad
sold pursuant to any sale under any m<>n
cagu or deed of trust, or pursuant to any sale
under a judgment or decree of any court oi
competent jurisdiction, or execution issued
thereunaer, the same may be operated by ihe
company purchasing under tho franchise,
rights, privileges, powers and immunities ol
the company whose property is so <1 and
purchased as aforesaid. Any railroad com
pany may buy and sell, or lenW, the whole or
any portion of any railroad sltuuted in this
State.
Provided, however, that no railroad com
pany shell have the power or be enabled, !.v
reason of anything in this section or by virtue
of any law, to purchase or lease any niilroad
track or tracks, or roadway or portion thereof
which parallels such railroad company's line
or lines, or any portion Ihereol which by
reason oi its operating lines or location comes
into direct competition with iis line or lines,
or enter into any contract by which any rail
road company having a franchise or right of
way, whether operative or not, shall directly
or indirectly prevent competition.
TACOMA LAWYER'S GRIEVANCE.
Brings Surt for D-mcgss Because He
Was Attacked in an Answer to a
Complaint.
TACOMA, Wash., Feb. 16.— 1n the
United States court to-day the trial of
Attorney Jesse Thomas' $10,000 damage
suit against the Union Mutual L fe Insur
ance Company, which is represented here
through n San Francisco insurance firm,
was commenced. In 1894 Thomas was as
sociated with Leroy and George Palmer in
ths practice of law.
At that time the Palmers were engaged
by Johanna C. Martin to begin suit
| against tne Union Mutual for the collec
! tion of a $1000 policy on the life of her
husband. The case was won by the com
i nany on a technicality, and the present
' suit of Thomas for damages is based upon
! matter contained in the company's
answer. Tho language objected to Ly
Thomas is quoted as follows:
"At about the first <iay of S pember,
A. D. 1894, the said Johanna C. Martin,
plaintiff in this action, and Palmer &
Thomas, attorneys for the plaintiff, en
tered into an agreement and conspiracy to
carry out the uereement formerly made
between the snid Jonas Martin and the
said Johanna C. Martin to defraud this
defendant of the sum of $1090."
It was further alleged by the company
that Palmer and Thomas had no knowl
; edge of Martin's death, but claimed him
[ to be dead for the sole purpose of carrying
i out the alleged conspiracy. The court
ordered thjsportion of the answer stricken
out, and the company is now endeavoring
to show that since tlie allegation was con
tained in a legal document Attorney
! Thomas lias no rieht to recover damages.
Thomas claims that the publication of
ttie derogatory matter about him has
embarrassed and crippled his law prac-
I tice; hence his request for heavy damages.
j Should b»« win, it is considered probable
that the Palmer brothers would also be
entitled to damages, if they desired to
bring suits against the company.
HA* DIEGO MAlttS OF IIOSOR.
Selection! Announced by the Goddet* of
the Water Carnival.
SAN DIEGO, Cat.., Feb. 16. -Mrs.
Lewis R. Works, goddess of the coming
water carnival, has selected the following
as her maids of honor: Mrs. T. Morris
Flower, Miss Vyne Bowers, Miss Luce,
Miss Mary Luce, the Misses Fairchiid.
Miss Ward, Miss Florence Ward, the
Misses Frost, Miss Pauly, Miss Myra
I'auly, Miss Sefton, Miss Haves, Miss
Kutherine Hearn« and Miss Kirbv.
Dr. W. W. McKay cf the Marine Hos
pital service has been selected to act ns
grand marshal of ihe wa'.er pageant on
th* night of February 22.
The fireworks arrived on tne Mexico to
night from Ban Francisco and the various
committees have begun already tbe work
or decorating the barges that are to take
part in ihe pageant. The gunlxa". Petrel
is expected to arrive in a few clays.
T'a»**d the II n»hinrjtnn flout r.
OLYMPJA. Wash.. Feb. 16.-The in
itiative and referendum bill after taking
up the forenoon passed the House by a
vote of 63 to 12. Marshall Gold, Republi
can, voted for the bi:l. Williams and
Wolf, Free Silver Republicans, voted
against it. Tho House applauded when
the vote was announced.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 18f>7.
GOVERNOR BUDD
VETOES TWO BILLS
Objects to Giving Increased
Powers to Trustees
of Towns.
Thinks the People Should Vote
on the £übj?ct of New
Improvements.
In a Second Message the Chief-Ex
ecutive Says That No Money
Should Be Sent to N.ishvi:!?.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 16.— Two
veto messages from the Governor varied
the monotony of the Senate proceedings
to-day.
One of the bills disapproved by Gover
nor Budd is Senate bill 9, introduced by
Senator Beard and relating to the powers
of the trustees of the cities of Alameila,
Berkeley and others in the same class.
The Governor is of the opinion that the
powers conferred by the bill are too broad
to be safely placed in the hands of a board
of trustee*. He suggests some amend
ments, and intimates that in the amended
i form the measure would receive his sig
nature. The text of this veto message
follows:
The amendment made by this bill to the
existing; laws governing municipalities of the
class therein designated, adds to section 3 the
foi owing words: "To purchase, lease or con
struct water works and electric plants, and all
machinery, conductors and appliances neces
sary thereior and to supply such city with and
to .sell to the inhabitants thereof, water, light,
heat and power, etc.." thus giving to the
Boarl o: Trustees of gucli city greatly
increased powers. 1 very seriously doubt the
advisability of conferring upon* Boards of
Trustees the power, etc., "to purchase, .ease or
construct water works and electric plants, and
all the machinery, conductors and appliances
necessary therefor," unless the proposition to
so purelia.-e, lease or construct be submitted
to me legal voters o» such ciiy at either a gen
eral or special election, and tneir approval of
such proposition be given by such vote.
It will be recognized that while this power
is in some cases limited by the constitution
and by other sections of the law, still there
are no limitations in the section itself. It is
ttie latest expression of the legislative will
upon me subject, and the other limitations
might be often easily overcome by governing
bod
The purpose of the act Is undoubtedly a most
commendable oDe, but the extent ot the cost
should first be ascertained and the question
submitted to the people as to whether they de
sire to so build, or purchase, or lease, and to
assume tne additional tax necessary for siiid
purposes. A limitation fen this section by a
proviso Hint the water wonts, electric plants
and all machinery, conductors and appliances
necessary tberefor shnll not exceed in price
the sum of from $10,000 to (15,000 would un
doubtedly relie\ c the bill of many of its objec
tionable features.
If a further proviso was added that in all
cases where '.ne estimated cost and expense
necessary for the purchase, lease or construc
tion of such plants or the erection of such
works exceeded said sums the proposition
should be submitted to the people for their
votes, tbe act would be further improved.
Without such safeguards it can be easily seen
what temptations will be offered persons or
corporations owning water works, o'ectric
plants or similar property, to influence
trustees or councilmcu to purchase or lease
said works or plants for the City, at an extrav
agant cost or upon the conditions wtmh the
taxpayers, who will have to psy for them,
would not sanction, and might vigorously op
pose. To give the power conferred by this bill
to boards of trustees or Councilman! without
the express sanction of a vote of the people,
who will have to meet the cost of the contem
plated purchase or lease is dangerous and
would prove unsatisfactory, and in many in
stances oppressive. With tho amendment sug
gested I can see no objection to the bill, and in
such amended form would be pleased to see it
become a law.
Motives of economy prompted Governor
Budd to write his veto on Senate bill 133,
introduced by Senator Smith. This is an
act appropriating money to pay the ex
penses of collecting, preparing, forward
ing, installing and maintaining, taking
down and returning an exhibit of the
products of the State of California at the
Tennessee Centennial Exposition to be
held in Nashville in 1&97. This is the
Governor's language disapproving the
measure:
I soriou'ly doubt the advisability of ex
penditures of the character contemplated by
th Dill. Exhibition* of a similar nature to
the Nashville Centennial osition are held
with comparative frequency within the United
States, imd while tueir purpose li laudable
and their maintenance advantageous a State
appropriation to maintain an exhibition at
each of them would result in a great aggre
gate expenditure without a resulting general
benefit.
1 have but recently approved of an appro
priation for the maintenance of an exhibition !
at Guatemala, but the cases are not parallel.
Guatemala is a foreign country, new and in
process of rapid development. Her markets
arc in a receptive condition, ready to be ap
propriated by the most enterprising foreign
countries. Our country is rich In the products
which her people consume; her market* are
convenient to our shores, and I believe it ad
visable'hat this State should expend a lim
ited sum In the development of a market so
convenient of «cce«s and s> rich In its prom
ise. The Nashville Exposition, upon the con
trary, is within the borders of a sister State, i
already familiar with our products and * pur
chaser of our commodities. That the con- !
sumption of the products of our soil and their !
sale mar be promoted by this and similar ex
hibitions 1 do not deny; but when we consider
the frequency with which such exhibitions
are held, that they are conducted by our own
peop.e, within the confines of our own coun
try, and that to appropriate money to exhibit
at one would establish a precedent for an ap
propriation for nil, 1 tesl constrained to with
hold my consent to this bill.
We have heretofore appropriated $300,000 ''•
for an exhibition of our various products and
resources at Chicago and $10,000 for an exhi- i
bition at New Orleans. These exhibitions '
were international, and tho conditions sur
rounding them were such as justified the ex
penditure. They resulted in advertising our
resources within the limits of the United States '
to an extent which renders unnecessary the I
enactment of Senate bill 138. The proposed
exhibition at Nashville lacks the features
which, distinguished those at Chicago and
New Orleans.
in view of the great expenses which appro
priation* imilar to the one contemplated by
this bill might ultimately entail I am con
vinced that the general welfare will be best
subserved by leaving to private enterprise the
development ol our domestic markets.
KM bBSATK ASl> ASSEMJtLI.
Matters of Importance to th* Male Jiuly
Contidered.
SACRAMENTO, Cai... Feb. 16.— The
Senate at its morning session passed the
following bills:
The Stratton primary election law,
which was ordered transmitted immedi
ately to the Assembly ; the bill introduced
by La Rue to prevent the adulteration of
wine. v ".., /-v/
, Dwyer's bill for the segregation of con
tracts on municipal buildings as amended
by the committee was defeated, but Dwyer
gave the usual notice of reconsideration.
The Senate refused to reconsider the
vote by which Mahoney's bill was passed
decreasing the rate of interest pawnbrokers
may charge and extending tne time for
redemption of- pledge*. -
The Finance Commute by Chairman
VoorhiMs reported in favor of the passage
of the Dennis Jordan claim, and against
the bill providing for the erection of a
monument to tb*> late Colonel Edward D
Baker in Golden Gale Park. /
Senators Voorheis, Shine and Prisk
were granted leave of absence for the pur
pose of attending an executive meeting of
the Minors' Association in San ■ Francisco.
Seawell'a amendment to the Assembly
fixing the number and salaries of the em
ployes of the Supreme Court, which re
daced the fa'aries of employes, was lost. ]
the author, nowever giving tlie usual no
tice oi reconsideration.
The Assembly bill increasing the effi
ciency of fire departments in cities of the
j first class was reconsidered, amended and
made specml order for next Tuesday.
Assemb.y bills, fixing the number and
salaries of tne employes of luture Legisla
tures, were passed as amended.
A substitute was offered by Bulla to the
Assembly b : ll relative to the husband's
control over community property, the
substitute barring all persons who do not
begin suit within a year from the lime of
having gift deeds declared void.
Senate bill relating to the probate of
foreign wills was passad and the Senate
adj turned.
At tnis morning's session the Ass"mbly
pissed the bill appropriating $50,000 for
the maintenance of a new Normal School
at San Dieeo; also Assembly bill 607,
amending section 1670 of the Political
Code, relating to education.
Assemblyman Valentine presented peti
tion^ numerously signed by mercantile
bodies ol Los Angeles favoring the con
tinued maiutainance of the State Mining
Bureau.
The special urgency file was ordered for
the sess:on to-night.
The Printing Committee presented
Caminetti's resolution calling upon the
State Printer to furnish the names of
employos recently discharged by the State
Printer, the reasons for sucb dismissal
and by whom appointees were recom
mended. The Printing Committee recom
mended that the resolutions be referred to
a special investigation committee, to be
appointed.
An attempt to pass the resolutions at
once was lost. Dibble objecting on the
ground that it was not understood.
The Committee on Public Pnntine re
ported back the substitute for the bill* of
Dibble and Shanahan appropriating $75.
--j OiJO for the support of the Public Printing
j Bureau for the forty-eighth fiscal year.
I Tlie substitute went over until 11 o'clock
to-morrow.
The concurrent resolution for a special
House and Senate commitiee to investi
gate the State Printer was passed.
The Senate bill making the first Monday
in September the only State holiday was
passed.
This afternoon the Assembly finally
passed the following bills: Senate bills
; adding a new section to the Code of Civil
! Procedure, relating to voluntary dissolu
tion of corporations; relating to the sale
I of franchises and to collect toll.
Senate bill?, as heretolore amended by
I the House, were passed as follows: Limit
j ing| to technical point* t;ie reversal of
jud gments by the Supreme Court; relat
i ing to the record of conveyances; requir
ing that judgments be carried into execu
-1 tion after a lapse of five years from the
1 date of entry.
Tlie House went into committee of the
; whole lor ihe consideration of Senate bill
creating a commission for the promotion
of uniformity of legislation throughout
j the United States, with tbe result that the
I Dill, as amended, was reported favorably.
Assembly bills were passed relative to
; th- granting by municipalities ot
, lranchises for the construction of bicycle
! paths and roa.is; providing for translation
of laws into Spanish and their distribu
tion.
At the evening session of the Assembly
the following bills were passed: Bill ap
propriating to pay the claim of R. J.
| Broughton for transportation of prison
ers; designating persons who are incom
petent as witnesses; authorizing boards
of health of municipalities and counties to
issue suop-nas for witnesses and compel
their presence, the taking of oath*, etc.;
conferring power upon boards of health
to pass ordinances not in contiict with the
board of supervisors; conferring upon
municipal corporations the power to con
duinn laud under eminent domain and to
j erect bui dings for municipal purposes.
On motion of Chynoweth the rules were
; suspended and the lollcwing bills were
i read a second and third time an<i passed:
Making an appropriation to pay James H.
Burry of (he Star Publishing Company,
BlcOlatchy & Co. of tbe Sacramento Bee
and the Herald Publishing Company for
j the printing of constitutional amend-
I ments; appropriating $_ > 000 to covt the
: expenses incurred in quarantining against
■ smailpox; conferring on the State Fish
' Commission the power to sell tbe hatch
! cry at Battle Creek to the Federal Fish
! Commission; appropriating $20,000 tosup
; port ihe Southern California Insane Asy-
I lum for the remainder of the fiscal year;
bill relating to the construction of buiid
; ings for the University of California, and
the bill regarding the submission of plans
;of competition for the Hearst prize. Ad
! journed.
IMPORTA* 1 I.IGISLATIOX.
Contempt T roreedtno* nnd Other Mat
ter Considered, in Committee.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 16.— Several
important measures were considered and
actei upon to-night by the Senate Com
, mittee on Constitutional Amendment".
! Most of the session was occupied with
| listening to the arguments of V. S. Mc
| Clatchy of tbe Bee in favor of and of
Judge Catlin against the constitutional
\ amendment providing as follows:
No speech or publication reflecting upon or
! concerniug any court or any officer thereof
j shall be treated or punished as a contempt of
I curt unless made in the immediate pre>ence
j of such court while in session, and in such a
j manner as to actually interfere with its pro
\ ccedings.
The matter was taken under advisement i
and Chairman Bert of the committee was |
elected a committee of one to learn from
the Supreme Court whet; er itsdecision in
J the McClatchy contempt case would be
I handed down before tne close cf the srs
! sion of the Legislature, as on tlie decision
| of the Supreme Court in this matter will
I probably det>end th« action of the com-
I mittee. If the Supreme Court declares
| what is known as the Barry contempt law
unconstitutional it is believed the com
mittee will fnvor the proposed constitu
tional amendment. Otherwise it will be
disapproved.
The committee decided to report back
without any recommendation the amend
ment providing that the clerk of the As
sembly and the secretary of the Senate
I shall appoint all th* legislative attaches,
| and that tbe per diem of such attaches
: shall not in the aggregate exceed $200.
Tbe code commission amendment pro
viding for the imposition of a State license
tax ot $300 a year on every saloon, regard
, less oi city and county licenses, will be
j reported with a favorable recommenda
tion.
The Senate Committee on Corporations
to-day decided to report favorably the bill
giving gas companies the rieht to demand
deposits from tenants before supplying
such tenants with meters and gas.
An tie'ytttes a .\ew Charter.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 16.— 1n an
ticipation of tne ndoption of a new char
teT by San Francisco, Mayor Ptielan for
warded to Senator Braunbart a constitu
tional amendment to article XI which
will give San Francisco absolute home
rule under tho proposed charter. The
ruensure was introduced by Braunhart
to-day, and exempis San Francisco from
the operation of the county government
act. Ifs text follows:
The provisions of sections 4 and 5 of this
article eiiall not, nor shall any legislation
passed pursuant thereto, apply to any consoli
dated city and county government now exist
ing or hereafter formed which shall have be
come organized under section 7, or secure a
charter under section 8 of this article.
Siatt'd by ihe Governor.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 16.- The
Governor this afternoon signed Assembly
bills authorizing Justices ot the Police to
call in othsr Justicen to sit on cases in
their stead; increasing the number of
Judges of the Superior Court of Santa
Cinra County, appointing one additional
Judge; amending section 389 of the Code
ol Civil Procedure; authorizing the em
ployment of convict labor on road 3 ap
proaching San Quentin.
Aqainit a .*>«• Market.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 16.— The
Assembly Committee on Commerce and
Navigation to-night reported unfavorably
upon Assembly bills 562 and 619 to estab
lish a free market in San Francisco.
A
®®®®®®0®
Our competitors have never put up. but have
always shut up when we have challenged 'em to
equal our prices and equal the class of goods . of-
fered during our challenge sale.
This time the challenge represents a high
grade of goods than we have ever offered dining
any of our sales.
The first floor is alive with 'em, alive with
the handsomest of Overcoats, the most fashion-
able of tailor-made Suits, Suits and Overcoats
that haven't their equal in town under $15 and
$18. Challenge price for pick, irrespective of for-
mer prices,
We've Never
and§44«£ •
You've Never
SEEjY HIGH-CLASS CLOTHING SOLD AT
SUCH A FIGURE. THIS IS NOT A HALF-
HEARTED AFFAIR— WE'VE CUT WAY
DEEP.
It's for four days, beginning to-day and end-
ing Saturday night. Of course you know the
choicest is the first to be selected.
This is for a fact the greatest sale of high-
class clothing we have ever held.
It's made up entirely of fine Suits and Over-
coats, the very cream of our stock, the very latest
of fashions in Suits, the very cleverest of Over-
coats ; it's a massive collection of truly high-class
garments at
NINE DOLLARS.
. (INCORPORATED),
Frisco' Biggest and Most Popular Store,
9, 11, 13 and 15 Kearny Street.
TO-DAT CLOTHING.
JlP /Vi| ' eo * >0 " \
MJMX**-? ifoe-Y \
$$!]s/* Wf HT /8 Dol'A
Imm hf sfz Q A *V,
lEf OAT G-oZ- X\
Marvels
of Grace
ARE THE OVERCOATS.
We've placed some two thou-
sand of 'em in this four days'
offer at . .
Nine Dollars.
Sparing not even our cleverest
of Royal Kerseys in blue, black
and brown shades, garments
possessing a wealth of tailoring
—values up to $18.
Our Cleverest of
Nobby Top Coats
In tan shades, awfully swell
garments, are in this great four
days' offer, garments that you,
have paid readily $18 for.
CHALLENGE PRICE,
—$9.00—
if/A | .>* bsii
Not for \ long— for a few
days. Can't stand prices that
long, but just to make the other
fellows put up or shut up.
We
Simply
Can't
Begin to describe the number of
fashionable Suits that're in this
four-days' sale.
There's too many to attempt to
describe 'em. Our window tells
the tale better than we can.
You'll find all our newest
fashions in fancy suitings, in
pretty plaids, dressy worsteds in
blue and black — Cutaway Suits
in dressy colorings.
Double-breasted Sack Suits in
plain and fancy colorings.
Single-breasted styles with fly
front vests.
Suits that you can't find their
like in this city under $18.
CHALLENGE PRICE,
—$9.00—
Just to make the other fellows
put — but they won't; they
know they can't equal the - val-
ues.
34
CORBETT ENTERS
NEVADA'S CAPITAL
Welcomed as a Sovereign
Going Forth Among His
People.
Places a Bet at Two to One
That He Will Lower the
Colors of Fitzsimmons.
Both the Champion and Martin Julian
Submit to Interviews for
"The Call."
CARSON, Nev., Feb. 16.— "1f any one
or two newspapers assert that I have sold
to either or both of them the exclusive
* privilege of having interviews with me
durinc my period of training for the bat
tle with Fitzsimmons, it or they state
what is wholly untrue," was the emphatic
declaration made by Champion Jarues J.
Corbett to-day* shortly after sitting loot
in Carson. Although none of the contin
gent of correspondents now here both
ered themselves sufficiently to take any
stock in the advertised boast of one San
Francisco and one New York newspaper,
still it was in the nature of a relief to
hear it direct from Corbett's mouth that
he had not loaned himself to any such
scheme.
"Why, I would be an idiot to do such a
thint;," ke continued. "I would have
the rest of the newspaper world down on
my bead, and that is something that a per
son following my profession never should
invite. No, I simply signed a contract to
furnish a few signed statements during
my training, stating over my own signa
ture, you know, just how I am progress
ing with my work and how I am
feeling. Tho representatives of any and
all other newspapers can see me either be
fore or after the making of these state
ments and I will tell them the same thing.
There is going to be no 'hogging' of any
news, so far as I am concerned. I was
offered money for this signed statement
privilege, and I would have been foolish
to overlook such a good snap. 1 1 is easy
money — cold turkey, in fact. I am the
gainer, and nobody will be hurt by it."
Martin Julian, who followed the pom
pad Dured boxer into town, practically
echoed Corbett's words when asked as to
the matter of exclusive interviews with
him.
"That's quite a funny thing," laughed
the jolly little manager of the Australian.
"I received a wad of money from some
body who seemed anxious to get rid of i^,
and alone with this came a request that
we exclude all interviewers except those
representine the donor of this wallet. Of
course it would have been foolish to have
entered into such an agreement, but when
as a compromise it was proposed that we ■
iurnish only signed statements, why we
snapped at it. "Who wouldn't? It was
like finding the money.
"No, sir; Fitzsimmons and I havealways
been open and aboveboard in all our
actions, and we are not going to begin
playing dirty little tricks at this stage of
the game. We have always welcomed the
members of the press to our training
quarters and given them every facility for
ascertaining just how earnestly we are
working and that we always mean business
in our undertakings. It would be a fine
how-do-you-do if we should hold ourselves
alooJ as sacred to only one or two news
papers, wouldn't it? We are not built
that way."
Aa to the exclusive photograph yarn,
Corbett and Julian had similar remarks to
make. Corbett said he had given a San
Francisco photographer the exclusive con
cession for a good, stiS price, but not to
anyone wspaper.
"That was one of those snaps, like the
other proposition," said the genial James.
"Of course, I told the photographer that
he could have the privilege and I got my
money for it, but I did not agree to keep
in hiding all the time or surround myself
with a cordon of Texas rangers to keep off
photographic poachers. Do you see the
itoiut? All richt, isn't it? I don't
imagine that in the event some outside
camera sharp should steal in on the con
cessionaire's preserves I would jump over
the moon in order to avoid him. Now.
that's all there is to the thing. These
people with privilege!" will have to look
after their privileges, for I have other and
far more important matters to attend to
just now."
The arrival of Corbett and his retinue
and of Manager Martin Julian, unat
tended, were the events of to-day in Car
son. As if all h&d been neatly pro
grammed, they came on separate trains,
so that each had a fair and just inning.
The famous San Franciscan had the dis
tinction of being first on the ground, com
isig in on the morning train. He was not
unexpected by any means, for )t seemed
as if all Carson had turned out and braved
the drizzling rain to have a squint at the
pale-.'aced young man who proclaims to
the world that he is going to thump
"Lanky Bob into an unrecognizable
jumble of broken bones and lacerated
flesh. Bold camera fiend?, unmindful of
the brag that only one man in the world
should "snoot" the champion, were
• perched upon awnings and strung along
the depot platform, all cocked and primed
for the prey.
Corbett sought to evade the densest part
of the crowd by stepping off the rear plat
form of the last car instead of aliaming
directly upon the platform, but his tall
frame and broad shoulders were too easily
distinguishable, and it was only a matter
of a few seconds when he was the center
of a great surging and enthusiastic throng.
The clicking of the cameras told, too, the
story of the fiends' triumph. The big fei
low took it all good-naturedly — in fact en
joyed the attention bestowed on him.
ilcre and there discovering a familiar face
in the crowd he would reach forward for a
hearty shake, or if the acquaintance hap
pened to have been jostled out to the edt:e
of the tramping concourse a wave of the
hand and a smile was his greeting.
The crowd essayed to escort James J.
right into the Arlington Hotel, his tem
porary stopping-place, but the Arlington,
while being roomy, will not accommodate
the whole town of Carson, and somebody,
the last of the procession, was doomed to
stand outside in the rain and be content
with an occasional glimpse at the Olympic
Club idol through the panes of the big
frontdoor. Corbett was accompanied by
his brothers. Harry and Joe, "Big Jack"
McVey and "Dumpy" Fraser. "BiHy"
Delaney remained in San Francisco so as
to bring Jeffries along.
They had no sooner shed their overcoats
and dropped their valises than "Jim"
espied a billiard-table in the rear room. |
He challenged his brother Joe to a game,
and that »a« a signal for the swaying
crowd to shufile out of the office and "into
positions surrounding the billiarJ-table.
"Jim" said he would "do" Joe and kept
his word.
Then the cues were dropped and all
hands lolled around, making new ac
quaintances, receiving old ones, taking
«dvice about avoiding colds in this eh- |
ir.ate and tellir.g how they felt; and then, |
just to snow that he9till could talk, James
J. submitted to an interview at the hands
of a Cam, correspondent.
"I had hoped,' said he, "to be able to
jro right out to my training quarters as i
soon a< I arrived, but this rain has lorced
me to change my plans. I will not go out
there until to-moirow. They tell me I
have a nice place at Shaws Springs — the
best around there. I hope I will be
pleased, for a fellow's surroundings have
a great deal to do with the success oi his
training. How is mv handball court
getting along? When I see that finished
and ready for business then I will be
happy, for that means that I can go to
work. lam anxious to get to work, too,
for I get lazy when I rest too mucn. An
all-night trip iv the cars makes one want
to get out and jump arouud and shako his
arms and legs.
"Speaking of the cars, we had a great
trip up from San Francisco. I was greeted
by friends at almost every station. The
greatest oi all the receptions, however,
was at Suisun. There we found several
hundred cheering and shouting people at
the station, and I had to get out and
shake hands with as many as I could be
fore the train started. They had a brass
band with them and a cannon, so between
the cheering, the blare of brass and the
booming of the field-piece I could scarcely
hear myself think. It was a great send
off, and I tell you 1 appreciated it, for I
knew it was genuine and spontaneous. If
Fitzsimmons should by some hook or
crook lick m« I would go around Suisun
on my way back from Carson. I would
not have the heart to lo;>k those good
friends in the face. At Sacramento I got
another send-off, many of the Senators and
Assemblymen being at the depot to wish
me luck, and so it was all along the line
until it got so late that all good people
were huddling in their beds and I had
sought my sleeper.
"1 hope to begin my training to-morrow.
Everything will depend upon the condi
tion of my quarters at the springs. I
don't thinK the snow on the ground will
interfere much with my wort. I rather I
like it, as it seems invigorating. It is |
great weather tor handball playing, j
Snowball playing mi^ht be appropriate,
too. I don't need a great deal ot heavy \
training, for I am in almost first-class
condition right now. I never :elt better |
and stronger in all my life. lam sincere
about this, and I feel so confident of com
ing out victorious in this battle mat I
scarcely have the patience to wait until
St. Patrick's day so anxious am I to get at
that long-legged Australian. My dream
of years seems about to be realized, and
that is to get Fitzsimmons into the same
ring with me. 1 know this sounds windy
and braggish, but 1 can't help it, because I
mean it. I never really expected to see
Fitzsimmons come to the scratch, and my
most earnest wish now is that no acci
dent- will occur nor obstacles arise which
might postpone the match or declare it
off. If we can but get into the ring to
gether yon will see me win all the money.
I feel strong enough right now to defeat
two or three men lite Fitzsimmons all in
the day."
So much for James J. Corbett.
Now, when Martin Julian arrived on
this afternoon's train it was not raining —
but snowing. It was by no means a
"frost" for Fitzsimmons 1 gallant and
snappy little manager, however, for there
was quite a crowd down at the station ;o
meet him.
"Whew! This is eoing to be tough for
training," said Martin, as he stepped off
| the car and found the snow fuil* ankle
deep on the ground.
Julian also went to the Arlington, and
so did the crowd. He dirt not meet Cor
bett there, as the man with the pompa
dour was "Just then engaged in an ani
mated game of whist down at Al Living
ston's resort. But that did not troubie
Julian any. He remarked that he did not
care if he did not see James until the day
oi ih - light. The man he did want to see,
though, was Dan Stuart, but Dan was at
the time invisible, and his lieutenant,
Wheelock, had to ?tand In his stead.
Julian whispered for about ten minutes
with WheelocK, exchanged some mysteri
ous-looking documents wiili him, and
then announced that he was ready to see
the town. He was taken into tow by a
friend, and soon fell in with Harry Cor- j
bett, "Billy" Woods, Livingston and sev- i
eral other sports, and got along nicely
with them. When interviewed this even
ing on the subject that is uppermost in
every mind in Carton just now — the
fight — Julian had this to say:
"I left Fitzsimmons in Coloradoin mag
nificent health and perfect condition. He
is ready to fight right now, for that mat
ter. He has been giving exhibition's lately
in altitudes quite as high aa Carson, and
they do not affect his lungs a particle. He
was the only one in our party who was
not affected. He gives a show to-night in
Leadville — Drobably his last before the big
fight. Now, Fttz is not going to rusu
right up here to Carson just to walk
around showing himself and have nothing
to do.
"You see we have secured no tcaining
quarters ytt. The agreement between us
is that he will <irop off at a certain iittle \
town on t;.e road and stay there until I i
have selected a training place. Then I
win wire him to come on and he will go
jto work immediately upon his arrival. I
think I will select a place <iuite close to
Carson. I want my man to train in the
air iv which he is to tight. I stopped eff
at steamboat Hot Springs on my way
here and was not favorably impresse 1 with
the place. I will look around to-morrow
and I euesi i will find a suitable location.
We are not such particular folks anyhow,
you know.
"As to the probable outcome of the
fi~hi, I can oniy repeat what I have i
often said before — Fitz is going to win in a j
walk. Just before leaving New York I i
made a bet of $1000 with a party that my
man would go to the ring an odas-on
favorite in the betting on the 17th of
March. Outside of New York City, where
Corbett has lots of friends, the preponder
ance oi the money will go in on Fitzsim
mons. The tall fellow has been in active
training ever since the articles of agree
ment were signed, and he is training new
on the road. He is delighted with the
prospect of getting into the ring with this
blowhard, Corbett. It is what he ha^
wanted for a long time — in fact what he
has pra3'ed for — and it is not going to take
Kitz long to polish him off. either. Just
mark wnat I say on that point. He is go-"
ing to show tliit fellow just how big a dub
he is, and the easiest way to do that is to ]
serve him as lie did Maher and others — j
put him out in a punch."
Although there have been anxious in- i
qtiiries all day for Dan Stuart, the director- i
general as he is now called, that impor
tant individual lia^ not been once in evi
dence. Not ev-n the fact that Corbett and
Julian had arrived, ami that both were
anxious to see him. had the effect of
I bringing him from under cov»r. The rea- j
I son for thi-i is that Dan has been closeted I
all day with three architects, who are en- I
deavorinz to plan the style of pavilion he I
desir< for t&e big mill. Steart now in
tends 10 have a more elaborate building
constructed than he at first intended.
Ground will probably be broken at the
racetrack on Thursday or Friday.
Corbett's presence in Carson has had
the immediate effect of causing a revival
in belting. This evening Frank Golden, a
well-known jeweler of Carson and Nevada
City, offered to wager $500 that he could
find backing for Fiizsimmons to the ex
tent of $18,000 or even more within twenty- /
four hours. Corbett hoard of the proposi
tion and offered to accept the wager.
Golden was inclined to flunk. After a
heated argument Corbett offered to make
the jeweler a present of $s if he would risk
$100 even that Fiizsimmons would win.
Tnis wager Golden accepted. Then
"Jim" became insistent and wagered $300
against $100, which Golden also took up
tfter a conference witu Martin Julian.
Corbett stepped up to the hoiel office
counter, where the pair were conversing,
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1597.
and offered to bet Julian to a stand-still.
Fiizsimmons* manager repudiated any
connection with Golden and begged to be
excused. As a clincher, Corbett placed $100
on the counter, which he offered to hafe
ard that Golden could not produce $1003
with which to back Fitzsimmons at even
money within ten days. Golden withdrew.
Eddie Cooke received a telegram from
W. A. Brady, Corbett's theatrioal part
ner, to-day in which William says he will
leave Boston for Carson on the 20th i'lst.
Brady wires that he has bet $7(500 in New
York at odds of 10 to 8 on "Pompadour
Jiui." He will bring more money out
here with him.
Colonel C. F. Burns of San Francisco ar
rived here to-day to make arrangements
for a series of special Pullman trains to
bring visitors to the fight. He says that
indications now are that, at the outside,
2500 p ople will coma from San Francisco.
He expects 5000 from the State of Cali
fornia.
BUItLIVAS IMMIK.S CORBETT.
Declare* That Fitztimmon* Fear* the
Champion's I'roxrrss.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa.. Feb. 16.— John
L. Sullivan arrived in Philadelphia to
day. He will be tendered a benefit to
morrow night at the Quaker City Athletic
Club, when he will appear in a four-raund
bout with Paddy Ryan, his first opponent
for the championship. "When asKed for
hia opinion on the coming light between
Corbett and Fitzsimmons he said :
"I certainly think Corbett will win, for
he is a level-headed chap and has had lots
of experience. He has improved a lot
since he fought me in New Orleans, and
even at that time he was a wonder. Then
he could not hit very hard, but he has
since developed his bitting powers until
now he is able to hold up his end with any
of them. Then, again, Fitzsimmons is
not able to hold his end up with a man
who is so long-headed as Corbett, and the
Australian is liable to go to pieces at any
stage of the game. If you have noticed,
Corbett has always shown *reat cleverness
in making matches and I will say that
this one is no exception to his general
rule.
"Now-a-days the public will stnnd far
more from a fighter than in my day.
When I was champion the public de
manded that I should fight whenever a
candidate made his appearance ; but times
have changed, and these two fellows have
had two years' cheap advertising before
getting down to business To my mind
Corbett was willing to fight at any time,
but Fitzsimmons seemed to have had
great trouble in screwing up his courage
to a sticking point. He could easily have
eluded the authorities at Hot Springs, but
instead of that he purposely had himself
arrested, so as to have the fight stopped.
He has never made any efforts to get on a
fight with Corbett, and I don't believe he
would go on with the present match if he
had not been forced to by the public."
Sullivan will remain here until Thurs
day, when he will return to Gloncester,
Mass., to appear with a vaudeville
company.
»
rnzsi3iMoss Ha» a protest.
Wants the Referee to Del my the Issuance j
of Rule*.
LEADVILLE, Colo., Feb. 16. — The
Western Opera-house was packed to-night
to see Fitzsimmons and his sparring part
ner, Dan HicKey, give an exhibition.
J. H. Shoemaker, representing Martin
Julian, had decided to give an exhibition
at Glenwood to-morrow night, instead of
making the the long jump to Salt Lake
City without interruption. Thursday
night the party wilt arrive at the latter
place, where a performance will be given,
and from that point a through trip wili be
made to Carson, the party arriving Satur
day morning, and going immediately into
training quarters. Fitzsimmons said to
night: '
"I find myself, at an altitude of over
100C0 feet above the level of the sea and
in possession of a slight cold, due entirely
to the sudden changes of temperature
which I have passed through. Apart from
that I am as sound as a boll and in perfect
health.
"I would like to express myself regard- ,
i ing Mr. Siler's intention to issue the rules
governing the fight ten days before the
contest. A? a matter of fact, the Marquis
of Queensberry rules governin{~»contesis
are known to the profession to-day and
are understood, and it is my opinion that
any departure from these rules could be
best set before the principals one day
ahead of the contest, so that there would
be no chance to practice."
/(aHicay Ratr* May >ut Re Lowered.
CHICAGO, 111., Feb. 16.— The Western
railroads have been asked to approve of a
rate of $84 80 for :he round trip to Nevada
for the big prize-fight, which is a rate of a
fare and one-fifth from Chicago to Ogden,
from which city >.o Carbon tne Southern
Pacific han put on a $35 rate. Ii is not
likely to be adopted.
JEFF RIES JO MEbT 31 AH EX.
Dan Stuart" Unknown Said to Be the
Jon Amir)** I.ntl,
Dan Stuart, late of Texas, but now of
Carson, Nov., has telegraphed to Peter
Mai.er, the champion Irish heavy-weight
pugilist, to keep himself in good trim, ri
he may be matched to meet an unknown
some time during the week of the pugi
listic carnival in Carson City. Stuart had
an idea that he could book Livigne and
W alcott as one of the attractions for the
[ great sporting event, but a message from
j Sam Fitzpatrick, who is Lavigne's man
j ager, to Stuart decided thai question be
yond all doubt. Fitzpatrick said tout he
would not consent to a meeting between
Watcott and Lavigne, and. after the re
ceipt of tbe information Stuart tele
graphed to Peter Maher and received a
very satisfactory reply.
Now, the general opinion is that Stuart
intends to match Tom Sharkey against
the Irishman, but a representative of The ■
Call learned last evening that Sharkey
will not "cut any ice" in the fistic carni- '
val of St. Patrick's day, and that the man
who will be name I later to meet Maher is
none other than "Jim" Jeffries, the crack
" ajack i.eavy-weight of Los Angeles.
Stuart has beard very favorable reports \
! of Jeffries from men who are acknowl- \
j edged to be good judges of boxers, and he
, therefore rates him as being a far better
! man than Sharkey; but with nil due re- |
I spect to Mr. Stuart and the men who have j
advised him . regarding Jeffries' qualifica- ;
tion*, the young man from the orange j
groves is yet very inexperienced, and j
would not make much of a showing ;
against the quick and hard-hitting son of
tho Emerald Isle.
Jeffries is undoubtedly a good man and j
I should make a first-class pugilist after he '
| has had experience, but he is now entirely |
too slow for a man of Maher'a caliber,
and, as a matter of fact, the result of a
contest between "Jim" and Peter would '
not give general satisfaction.
A "go" between Maher and Sharkey i
would not prove satisfactory either, as the
Irishman, by a few quick move?, would
find an opening to the sailor's jaw and |
the result need not be stated.
If Stuart is looking for a good second !
attraction he should match George Green
I against the winner of the Ryan-Tracey
fight, and then he can count upon a game
of fisticuffs that will please the immense
gathering of people who will be at the
ringside to see the best men win.
.-■'■-- - _ ~!
"JIM" CORBIJTT'S MASCOT.
He Mat Tak«n With Him to JSeratia a
Beautiful Colt*'.
There are very few sporting people in
this City who have not had the pleasure
of seeing Harry CorbeU's beautiful collie
dog, for which he has repeatedly refused
very tempting offers. But Harry is no
longer the owner of the intelligent canine.
It Is now the property of the champion
pugilist, and in iuture it will be known as
"Jim's" Mascot.
When the man wno is to meet Fitzsim
mons on the aftenioon of March 17, ar
rived in this City last week, he received a
very warm reception from the collie the
moment he put foot inside of his brother's
saloon on Ellis street. The doe jumped
upon the pugilist and was seemingly as
glad to meet him as if he was a jong-lost
master.
The champion became fascinated with
the intelligent animal, and when brother
Harry arrived he was informed that "Jim"
had quickly concluded to own the collie
at any expeuse.
"Well, I do hate to part with that doe,"
said Harry, "but as it is 'Jim' who wants
him I suppose my pet must go. He will
carry good luck and fortune vith him,
and I know that ' Jim' will never own a
more affectionate or bettor dog."
Thecollii is now journeying over the
mountains to Carson, -and as sheepherrt
ers are very numerous in Nevada the
champion pugilist will need to keep a
close watch on his charge or it will depart
for lands unknown when Corbett least ex
pects it. The dog is valued at $2000. It
is a winner of many first prizes on the
bench. „
RAILWAY TO RAMONA.
San Diego Capitalists Organize to Ex
tend a Line From Lakes de
Eastward.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Feb. 16.— George W.
Mariton, George H. liallou, J. E. Fish
burn, M. F. Heller, Simon Levi, Chester
Gunn and M. Sherman met yesterday and
decided to organize immediately the
Santa Maria Valley Railroad Company,
for the purpose of building a line from
Lakeside on the Cayamaca Railroad to
Ramona, twenty miles farther east in
Santa Maria Viilley. The company or
ganizes with $200,000 capital and will
select directors aa soon as $20,000 is sub
scribed. The amount is expected to be
raised largely by popular subscriptions, in
suras ranging from $10 upward. Commit
tees will to-morrow begin soliciting sub
scriptions.
The zentiemen named will probably be
selected as directors, with the exception
of Mr. Gunn, wlio may be retained as as
sistant manager. Captain Sherman will
probably be elected president, and Levi
Chase, who is vice-president of the San
Diego and Cuyamaca road, will be elected
vice-president oi the new corporation.
The road, if built, will penetrate the
largest and richest valley in San Diego
County, and will be on the direct line of a
road to connect with the Southern Pacific
at Dos Palmos, on the desert.
WOMEN LOSE IN NEVADA.
Equal Suffrage Bill Defeated in the
Assembly After Having Passed
the Senate.
CARSON, Nev., Feb. 10.— The bill to
amend the State constitution by striking
out the word "male," or, in other words,
the woman's suffrage bill, was beaten in
the Assembly to-day by a vote of 15 to 15,
a two-thirds majority being needed.
It was discussed at great length at a
special session held last ni~ l Jt and at this
afternoon's session by members and wo
men advocates from all over tbe State.
The bill passed the Senate recently by the
almost unanimous vote.
Assembly bill Z6 passed the House to
day by a vote of 20 to 9. It fixes the li
cense for the sale of cigarettes at $15 a
quarter and makes it a misdemeanor to
sell or give cigarettes to any person under
21 years of age.
Th- law regarding cigarettes, which has
been in force for the past, two years, fixed
the license for their sale at $150 per quar
ter. The new act repeals this law.
inur.fi Drat Aear Bakermfi-H.
BAKERSFIELD, Cal., Feb. IC— A
stranger about 35 years of ape, giving the
name of John Monty, was found dead
in a cabin on the Brundage ranch, seven
miles south of here, yesterday evening.
He had been nt work on the ranch for a
few months. He claimed to have hailed
from Illinois. Investigation by the Cor
oner disclosed that he came to his death
from natural causes. He left nothing by
which he could be identified.
- — • — -»- — • .
Every minute counts in critical cases of Croup
Dr. D. Jayne's Expectorant in large doses will
soon effect a cure.
For the Liver, use Tayne's Painless Sanative Pills.
HUDYAX is the groate-it tlJ^BlfeiHH/'- HBDIAN can oe had from the
; remedio treatment that has been "t*TiKlxsmSH£m doctors of the Hudson Medical In-
produced by any combination of |XflHB^| stitute, and from no one else You
physicians. The HI'DYAM re- 'rBM ttgnjcl^sl nP *'' l """VAN when the facial
! medio-troaiment cures the d:s- BlSfWl^^^* l^ nervei twitch, as there is cer.ain to
abilities and diseases of men. It H2HN^*lsf"4 ' *" irritation at tin !r centers, in
Is a remedy for men. It. cures I<ln«jH[ «*»BBtS ll - ° brain. 'Sou need lIUDYVN
seminal weakness, it cures sperma- tr*^M w ii<"t» tlif-re is n ciPc-Inc of the
toirhd'a, it cures nisht losses. 'B^^^SS^ia^™ n-rve force, because this decline
it cures drains and I; cures plrij- > EHrB£EßfiE3ff9 shows a lack of nerve llf»>, and mnv'
pies. lIIJUYAN cures depression fi^pHJflg|gßl develop into nervous dol.ility and
of spirits, l»a«:lituliif inability to '*- BM* " KM then lnt ' > nervous prostration If
look frankly into the eyps of nffHi I H»^Pl you uave harassed your nerves If
another. HUIiY cures head- i*> 3»: r B^^^l you have knotlei or simr'pd taein
ache, hair falling out, dimness of &$1 " fBPT^B " you have abused your nerves to
siaht. uo!ses In the head and ea!S KfaßL- |Kn siral^hteii yourself out you will L.
weak memory, loss of voice, taste .. B SBBBIBSRSSim HI l>Y.\N. No one else can cive
or smell. UUDY v M cures sunken l# jjY -. V -, -- you HUDYAN except the Hudson
eyes, stunted Rro-.vin, palpitation, wS&Km ■■' Irfcfeißity Medic I Institute. u\j|> y \
shortness of breath, dyspepsia, con- • f&'SSg ' hMI cures vari ocoie, hydroce'e^im
stlpation and flatulency. HUH- |«|S» ',-Bp^3 potency, dizziness', falling sensation"
lA> cures weakness or pains In ISflV^^Hwi blurs, drains, despair, sorrow ana
the small of the back, lossofrnus- ItKSBt 1 " r»Jwl| J misery. Wr.te lor CIRCULARS
cuiar power, gloomy, melancholy |fliljH| AND TKSUMONIAJLa of the
foreboaines and disturbed sleep. '. ti&nSi' \ tmSM&IxL great HUDYAN."
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Corner Market and Stockton Sts , San Francisco, California.
CLOVERDALE DONS
CARNIVAL COLORS
All Is in Readiness for the
Opening of the Citrus
Exposition.
Enchanting Picture Within the
Favilion Which Houses
the Exhibits.
President Fieli Will This Morning
Formaly Welcome the Orange
City's Guests.
CLOVERDA.LE, Cal., Feb. 16.— This is
the eve before the citrus fair, and Sono
ma's orange city has on it? holiday garb.
The pavilion looks like a small section of
paradise, -requiring only a few finishing
touches and hundreds of dazzling electric
lights to complete the enchanting picture.
President John Field is the happiest man
in town, and ail because of the splendid
display.
"I see oranges here," said he, "that are
as big as pumpkins, a good many meas
uring over twenty inches in circumfer
ence."
The president, even in his exuberance,
was not stretching the truth to any un
reasonable extent.
The Italian-Swiss colony of Asti, L.
Vasconi superiutendent, has engaged
space and is filling it with an extensive
display of oranges, lemons, olives and
wines. A. Sbarboro, secretary of this
. famous institution, is making an individ
; ual exhibit of citru3 fruits. Los Ajacuges
rancho. owned by H. J. Crocker of San
Francisco, will have a miniature orange
grove at the entrance, constructed by J.
H. ilehring, who, with his wife, is bound
to make this a most effective illustration
of the capabilities of Sonoma's climate for
the growing ot citrus fruits. The Parker
Vineyard Company and Cloverdale Wine
Company will liave large wino exhibits.
The decorating of the pavilion with the
citrus fiesta colors — green, white and yel
low — is finished. The Cloverdaie band is
rehearsing nightly for the music at the
fair. Most of the exhibits will be specially
lighted and beautified with incandescent
lights. To-morrow evening President
Field will make the opening remarks, fol
lowed by the orator of the evening, Judge
A. G. Burnett ot SajUa Rosa, to conclude
with a musical entertainment.
->O QUOIC I'M *T SALEM.
Three Hays Hence the Oregon I.eyislatttre
II ill AU iotirtt,
SALEM, Or., Feb. 10.— The rollcall in
the Legislature to-tiay was a great disap
pointment to tiie friends of Senator
Mitchell. This was announced to be the
great daj* which was to carry Mitchell
back into trie ben;;te of the United States.
The House was packed by people gath
ered to witness the event, but a rollcall
showed that only thirty-six members were
present all told, ten short of the number
to constitute a quorum. As there are
only three more days before adjournment,
it is extremely improbable that Mitchell
can do anything mo?e than he has already
done. His defeat may be considered a
certainty. The probability also is that
| there will be no permanent organization
| effected and no Legislature this year.
i The speculation now is whether the Gov
ernor will consent to the calling of an ex
tra session to enact the needed remedial
legislation. The joint assembly will meet
again to-morrow at noon.
Put* Back to fort Anneles.
PORT ANGELES, Wash., Feb. 16.— The
British ship Speke put back to this port
to-day after experiencing a severe gale off
Cane Flattery. Its cargo of lumber has
shilted so that the vessel listed to port,
and a survey will probably be made by
the insurance companies btfore it pro
ceeds again to sea.
A-EW TC-BAT-DHr GOOT><*' \ , .
FIRST SHOWING
OF
• • • Vfl • • •
SPRING NOVELTIES
JUST OPENED AT
THE CITY OF PARIS
- LADIES ARE INVBTED TO INSPECT. \
New Jackets ! Novelty \
New Suits ! ' Dress Patterns !
Short Eaton and Hussar ' ' Two cases in all the new
Jackets from 10. 50 to shadesofEtamines,Gren-
-25 00 adines and other new
The' latest and most -aSWtt^ weaves at popular prices,
original styles in Suits, V^ && Five cases all-wool new-
prices ranging from $13.50 <# ■ »Hr kKJL mixtures and checks, 10
to $40.00. ' filllif^^^^ IU% different st >' les ' s ° c yard.
The City of Paris, m^^im The City of Paris '
Cor. Geary and Grant Aye. Cor " Gear ' d " d Grant Aye '
Wash Goods q:^£?^iP :> Just Opened!
A most bewildering as- . Three c^ ses very styl- 4
sortment of Imported iSbT^DTA^'ioP'^ 1 " 0 .!
Wash Goods of lovely . IMPORTATION in all
and exclusive designs at the very latest .fabrics,
prices ranging from 10c, $1.50 to $3.50 yard.
15c, 25c and up.
fms IF YOU WANT
•ML A STYLISH CUT
j&v? AND PERFECT-FITTINQ
AgC SUIT OF CLOTHES
g&Prhk AT CUT-RATIi PRICES
YOU nusT GO TO
fMi JOE POHEIM,
imm THE TAILOR.
Mall 1 Ilin^f . A ftllllin e of Spring and .Summer
UvU! Bl jl Ml Woolens just received.
Mil II ] I All-Wool stylish Suits madPto
Cjij |(0: order from 13.50 to $25
IS if I ess Worsted and Pique Suits
yi IjM I nitdet(iur<:er from. . $17 to $35
|l| I ttl Pants to order from f 4.50 to $10 I
Cl! 1 I Remember, all goods are thor* I
A l|| [II l| oughly shrunk before being cut.
■jj || ill jj liules for sclMneasurenieni and
■all | L till mini lea of cloth heat nee to any "d-
-'si y|| (k ]'■ drei-s.
%\ I J Joe Poheim has the larg- |
/!r eB * Tailorinjr K*>tabliahuieut |
£f on the Pacific Coast.
201 and 203 Montgomery st., corner Bush.
724. 844 and *46 Market St., Opposite Fourth.
1110 and 1112 Market st.. Sun Francisco, Cal.
485 Fourteenth St., Oak and, Cal.
tio3and 60S X St., Sacramento. Cal.
143 South Spring at., Los Angeles, Cal.
fi**! Chleacatcr's Eoall»h Dlanoca Brmnd.
Pennyroyal pills
ENNYROYAL PILLS
a -^T^v Original «ad Only Scnalne. A
at it ri&\. ••". alwmyt reliabl*. ladies ut is\
AJ\ _*6S*A DrsfiUt tor CT.icht'.trr » Snaluh J>ta-Jff\A
CtHn|jKMSESncn<i £ran<i in Ked »C<l Cold met»i:in\Vg7
*SV —^VWaSwict. irilod -»i;h bine ribbon. Take VST
m <T^ WWl BO other. £O>** dangerous »m4j«U»»- V
I / *• At lion* and imitation*. At Dractrltti, or lend 40.
ISm yf In (t>mpr for p&rtievlvt, sttiacniili »o J ■
\ V B "Relief for I.ad l«k" m Utter, by rctnrs
-\_ if Mull. 10,000 TftitinionUli. .Vanu Paper.
. v — — rCsilche»t<-rCfeeinlciaCo.,M«iil«onSnua.< 1 ,
to «!i Lr«i rriHfr- ?H!l«d->-.i>9
RAILROAD TRAVEL
SMFRANCISCO & NORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Kafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 8:00, 11:00 a. Jf.: 12:31 i
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 P. U. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Kxtra trips at l:jj
and 11:30 p. v.
BONDAVS— 8:00, 9:30, 11:00 A.H.; 1:30, 3:3Jl ',
6:00, 0:20 p. m.
San Kafael to San Francfnco.
WEEK DAYS— B:IS, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. k-
-12:45, 3:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— trio'j
at 1 :&S p. x. and 0:35 P. v.
BTJKDA\S— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. M.: 1:40, 3:4» i
6:00, 6:25 p. M.
Between San Francisco and Schuetsea Park sams !
schedule as above.
i*aye T _ --„. Arrive
Fan Francisco. oct 14. San Pr » ncl «»
Wkkk I Son- i> # , a I ,fnHrioii i*>"- , Wekc j
Days. I days, "^"nation. PAYa | AYa . |
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am-' 8:40 a"m
3:3opm 9:30 am I'etaluma, 6:10 phi 10:25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 PMj 6:22 px
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor. 10:25 am j
Healdsburs,
l.ytton,
Opyeerville,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverditle. 7:? 5 pm 6:22 p« I
j l'irta. j "
Uopland & |
7:30 am I 8:00 am Ukiah. j 7:36 pm 6:22 !
7:30 am Z 10:25 a st
8:00 am Guerneville. I 7:36 pm
8:30 PM [ | ■■ | 6:22 pm
7:80 am 8:00 am! Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and . . -_ :
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Kllen. 6:10 pm 6:22 px
7 :30 am 1 8:00 am I sefaaatnnnL 110:40 am 1 10:2^ am
B:Hopmls:oopm| &eDa3tO P Ol - I 6:10 pm| 6:22 pm j
StaK^s connect at. Santa Kosa. lor Mar'< Wn'. !
Sprlnfts; at Geyservilie for f*ka?es Springs- as :
Cloverdalp for the Geysers; at Pieta for Hlittila'id I
Sprincs, Kt'ls»yv,ile, Soda Bay and j.ak«port- at !
HopUnd for Lakeport and Bart:o;t Springs- if, '
. TJkiah lor Vichy spring, Saratoga Sprints, Blue :
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper L*Ke. I'omo Potter
Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Lierleys, Buck-
Bell's, Sanhedrln Heights. nullvillp, Booneville
Breenwood, Orr's Hot Springs. Mr»ndo<-tno C'itr' ;
Fort Brasg, Westport, Tj sa i. wui : 8 c a to . Cch '
velo, Laytonville. Harris, Scotia aDd Knrelca.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduoed i
rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points b*-
rond ban Rafael at half rata*-
Ticket Offices. 650 Market at.. Chronicle bnlldlnz.
A. W. V .ST P. • R.X.RYAS,
I'Tt-a. and fargi. Manager. Gen. Puss. Agent •
A *m . m .m^m.
Atlantic t|^^p^%
» ctClllG
Trains leave an i arr'vj «, BsSsb^Sksl^El
•larkei-street Ferry. ttffi&PP
BMTI FE EXPRESS. lipM
v™ 3 •-"»•""'»£.* ssr^'&^ss
Kew e r^f.? l n»w lv T" 7 fro^ California fe the East.
Ma gooa meal* in Harvey's dining-room*.
«f S *r Franoinco Tlck «» Office, 644 3larkaS
lfiii i? 11^ 1 * ■•" <U "»- Telephone Main
*CSI. Oakland, in» *tro»4w»y. !
WB ,-—< :— J MIV ,—^ _i •■■■••»■■»!#«**» llbv 0 wHs»l#Vitalizer,theprescrir>.
Tf <^trrffsW .4^ fir t'°n 01 a amo;wl-ronch physician, will quickly euro you o ne? i
\S> I\/ \> ;\T voua or di^.-.s of the generative organs, such os Lost Manhood
S Mk/ V* c^ML I'^omiiia.tV-iiiain the B)tc», Seminal Emissions, Kervou^ iDeb!l<tv'
I j^^t V < *^' Pimples, tnatnes. to Marry, ExlmusUu- Drai ,s, Varicocele a'fd
i B "2? c * NO AFTER S^SES^S&n. c «?23£SSi 5SS^^«
■" CITPI*>ENI3 strengthens and restores small weak organs.
__ The reason sufferer-, are not cured by I>octors Is because ninety per c°nt are trnnMsit _u L
rroauttltl.. ODPIDENEia tho only fcno reniPcl/ to cure wit bout anon, rating 8000 ti«in!?ni
•li A. written i?iiarantee iven and money mturned if six boxes does not effect ap'ermaneni^n^
$l/»abox,gir f.»r»sLof),by mall. Send for int-SK circular and testimonials. Permanent com
Addre.» BAVOk MISOICIXJS CO.. 1170 Market street. San Francisco, Cal. For sale b.
RAItHOAp^FAVEI.
SOM'UCXV I*A<:IFIC CO3JPAXT.
■ (pacific ttyKTjut.t
train* Ifavr mail me «!"«• (<> .-wrlin nl
VAN S--IC A %«'!«»<:<»-
LEAVE — J-lIOM Fkbrcarv 15, 1897 — AKIUVK
•*»:OC\\ >.i'..s. Man Jf» ■ ;...'l •• > ny .->t .lion.-. ... B:ISa
~:<M>.\ Atlantic KxprnFß, Og-lcii and l'.ar.t.. »:4."»?
7:OOa Banid.-v Vac»TUl^ l£ums?y. Sacra-
meuto. OroTUle and Redding via
l>aTi3 .... 0:45p
7:3(»a Martinez, SanUmnou.Vallejo, 2.apa,
Oalistojra and Kosa ..... 6:15»
»:;;il.i Nilcs, .Sun Josi-. .Stockton, lone,
Bacrameato, Jlarysville, Chico,
TeualcaanaiJedJilufr -4:1.1p
•S:3Oa Peters and Milton "7:15r
9:O<>a N«w Orleans Kxpron, Raymond (for
Yosomite), Iresiio. i:aker3i:oM,
BailU Barbata, l.oa Anyt-les, jjoin-
ing, El Paso, New Orleans and
East ».... 4i45p
!):OOa Martinez and Stockton 4 :4r,p
«:OB a V.-.11 -jo 6:13?
Kilos, San Jose, Livermoro and
Stockton 7:15p
•l:OOp Sacramento River Steamers »»:««p
l:OOi- >;iles, San Jose and l.ivcrmcre 8:43 a
fl:3ttp Fort Costa iind Way Stations t7:45p
4:UUi- Martinez, Sati Uaiiion, Vallrjo,
Napa, Calistoga, Xl Verano and
.Santa llosa 9:13 A
4:;>Oi> Benicia, Vacaville, Woodland,
Knights Landing, Marysville, Oro-
villo and Haenunmiio 11:13 a
4 : 30 r Lathrop, Stockton, Modesto, Mer-
ced and Fresno, going via Niles,
returning via Martinez 11>43a
siOOi> Los Angeles Express. Tracy,
Fresno, Santa Barbara and Los t.AB.
Angel.s 7.45 A
StOOp Santa l<"e Jtonte. Atlantic Express -, .
forMniavu and But *' :45a
6:©<>i- lMiropunn Mail, Ouilen and ICaat.... 8:4.1 a
O:0Op lluywiinis, Kilesand .San Jose 7:45*
J7:OOi- Vallcjo 17:43*
7:OWi> Orejiou I Ba(:innicnlo, jV7arys-
vilJu. IteiliUng, I'oitlainl. i'liget
Sound and Kast 11:19 a
«I1O:OOp " Sunset Limited." Fresno, Los
, Angeles, HI Paso, New Orleans
andEnst '. §12:45p *
SAM A (.UIZ I»IYI>ION (.Narrow iJauitej.
»ri:».\ Nr\T.M::.(ciitervill l .,S i ni.lose,Foltoii,
Uoiildi-r Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations OiSOp
•»:»3r Newark. CentcrTillc, .Sail .lute, New
Alui.-.den, Felton, llouldcr Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principe! Way
Stations MI :20a
4:15p Newark. Kan .lose and I .on UatM ... 9:50 a
til: l.lp Hunters' Excursion, Ban Jose and
Way Stations j7:gQp
COAST IH VISION (Iliinl A !<htiwhhl~M~k.)
0:43 a .Sa:i .loce and Way Stations (New
Almadeu Wednesdays only) ll3Or
8:13 a San Jose. Trea I'iiion, Santa Cruz.
Pacilic Grove. Paso RuMes, San
Luis Oliinpo, Ouadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way Stations 7:00p
10:4U.\ Sail Jose and Way (Stations 5:O0p
I1:»Ua Palo Alto ami Way Stations 3:30»
•2:a«H> San Mateo, Menlo Park. San .Inge,
Gilroy, Trea Piuos. Santa Cm:,
Salinas,Monterey iin.l P.iciticCirovo *IO:4Oa
•S:SOp Jose and Way .Stations S:43j».
•4:30i-Sap Tese and Way Button* *!*:O.%a
."»:3Op ,S* . .Joso and Principal Way Stations "8:43 a
6: 30 v Sail Jose and Way Stations 0::i.1a
jll:4.>i' San Jose and Way Statinin t~:4sp
SAN IiKA.MiKO AMI H\YU.VRI» LOCAL.
«*G:OOa". ( 7:13 a
8:OOa I t«:4.V\
1».«m»^ | Kelrosc, Seminary Park, HtM*
"sloop Fltrhburg, San Leandro * t V\*l
»:«O? an d " ■ 4-4.1P
4:»0p aIU! I 8l4»P
5:OOr D,..-..,!, 8:1 3p
5:30r tiajwaras. 7 . 45p
7:»Or I . J«:4"»i
X:OOi- 9:43?
!!•<)(» !• i ' Runs through to Silea. I 10:30p
Hlhl.'n'.l tFromNilcs. [ tU2:OOP
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrom SAN FRANCISCO— Foot of Mtrket Street (Slip S)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. (1:00 «2:30 t3:SJ
•1:00 t3:CO *6:C3
rrcm OiEUSD— Foot of Broadway ; *6:00 8:00
10:00 a.m. tl2:00 '1:00 tZ:OO •3:30 t*:oi
"3:00 1* .M.
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Sundays excelled. ■ 1 Saturdays on!?.
t Sundays only.
ft Monday, Thursday anil Saturday nights only.
TTuecdays and Saturdays. |Bi:udays and Tbuisday*.
SOKTII PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Vis Sansallto Ferry). -
1110 Baa VrancUco, Commeaciog aepu 13. 189&
WEEKDAYS. i
For Mill Valley and Sun Rafael— *7r3s, •9:1% J
11:00 a. M.: *1:46, 3:45. »6:18. •5:45,0:30 p.j* .--^
Extra trips for k:i Kafael on Monday*, Wedae*
«aye «nd Saturdays a: 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Kafael— •B:oo, •10:01
•11:30 a. M. : *1:»O. 3:00, •4:30. 6:1B». K.
Train* marked * run to EMM Uuentin,
THROUGH TRAINS.
For Fotfit Reyes and way stations— 7;S9 a. ■.
Weekdays, B*o a. x. Mjndaya, 1:46 * M. data*
tan.
l-«r Cacadero and way stations— 7 :2B A. m. not*
Cayal 1:40 *'• U. Saturday*,
TIIK N.& r FR(.\CiSCO Asil SAS JDAQtI.I
VALLEY RAlLlVii COIPASY.
FROM JANUARY 31, 1897. passenger trains
will run daily:
.-.euihbound. Stations. Northbound.
7:'2ii-A. M Stockton 6:40 p. m.
9:49 am. Morae<l S:l4 p m.
1) ::0 a m l-'resno..... 1:10 p. si.
yor!nierm<v!iate stations >.! tip -table.
t'onnectinc; steamboats of the C X. A I. Co.
v.avi' Sun Krun i«ro :\- d sio-kt"M at 6 p st. dally.
MOUiW --TAKALPIIS. :,.'
iTiVtii t I iIJLiLi Alu*
Train* connt-ct ■ with North I'aoifla
Coast Kallroad.
WKKK i>,\ Y«s— w-ave S. F. 9:15 a. Jf. l:4 > p. k.
Returnins— Arrive S. c. 3:25 p M. 8:20 p. K.
SUNDAYS— Le*veS.F. Ba. M 11:80 a.m. I:3Uml
Returnlne— Arrive S.K.I : 16 p. m. -1:20 P.M. 7:35 P.M.
Tickets for sale in Mill Valley or
XHO-. LOOK A MJ.VS, U2l Market St., S. I*.
Mia Valley aad Mount Tamalpals Scenic Mir)),The Vessels at Anchor in Mission Bay Last Night Made a Remarkably Pretty Picture as the Moon Shone Through a Rift in the Clouds. British Ships and
American Coasting Vessels "Were Mixed Up in a Heterogeneous Mass, While the "Great Queen of Earth " Strove Vainly to Make a Pathway
From Shore to Ship« Some of the Vessels Now at Anchor Have Been Chartered and in a Few Weeks the Fleet in Mission Bay Will Be Depleted.
AND STILL THE
CANDIDATES COME
D. A. McDonald Wants to
Bs Harbor Commis
sioner.
Mrs. Sam Fechter Is Seeking
Her Husband on the
Front
She Says Us Played All His Monty ca j
the Wrong Horse anl Vowed to
Drown Himself.
Candidates for the position of Harbor
Commissioner are without number. 'J he
friends of Stewart Menzies assert that he
has the appointment in hi* pocket, while
others -ay that D. A. McDonald has "a
lighting chance." Mr. McDonald is cer
tainly no: letting the grass prow under
his feet. La;t Saturday he started for
Sacramento to interview the Governor,
but his Excellency and Mr. McDonald
parsed each other on the road.
On his arrival at Sacramento McDonald
learned of his mistake and at once posted
back to San Francisco. - lathe meantime
Governor Budd had left for tho capital
r.itd a<:ain the two men passed each other.
McDonald will again go to Sacramento
and in the meantime the employes along
the water front are wondering who will
be the next Harbor Commissioner.
Ou'bide of tne honor and glory, and in
cidentally the salary, t'-e new Commis
sioner will have very little patronage to
bestow for at least six months. Any
changes cow in contemplation are under
the. control of the present board and
owing to the old rule the retiring wharf
ingers and collectors will have their places
rilled by the appointees of Messrs. Colnon,
Chadbourne and Cole. In the meantime,
however, the scramble for the position
goies on.
The steam schooner Coquille River
sailed for Grays Harbor yesterday with a
general car-;o. She will there load lumber
for A. M. Simpson, and after that may go
into the regular Coquille River trade.
Rumor had it yesterday that the vessel
had beon purchased by the Hawaiian
Inter-Island Trading Company, and would
leave here in a few weeks for Honolulu.
•The owners of the vessel would not verify
A v -:e story, and Captain Pation saia if there
%?as any truth in the story it was news to
him. In any event, the agents expect to
see the sieamer back here again inside of a
form
The Pacific Mail Company's City of Para
' went on Hunters Point fdrydock yester
day, and will tret a thorough overhauling
before she a'7;iin sails for Panama.
. The Norwegian bark Nordlyset went to
the pew bunkers at Oakland yesterday.
Captain Crockaw of the tug Reliance had
to take her through the two drawbridges,
and had it not been lor the skillful manner
.in which be bandied both vessels tbere
would have been an accident.
The bridge-keeper failed to open the
upner'draw when signaled and the big
snip broached to in :the narrow channel
Luckily the tug lu-:d her and when the
way was clear Nordlyset was towed
without any further trouble to her dock
Had the captain of the Reliance not run
the risk of patting his own vessel on
the mud bank Nordlyset would have
'drifted aghore and probably remained
there for twenty hours." All's well
that ends well, and the Norwegian vessel
is now discharging coal into the Oakland
bunkers.
The captain of the new steamer rfeleno,
built for the Wilder' Steamship Company
of 'Honolulu, has had her first tasie of
Ban Francisco's water front. Just before
.her trial trip the vessel was thoroughly
equipped in every department. All the
ware in the saloon was of silver and had
the flag of the company and also that of
the republic engraved on each fork and
spoon. BBS
Now the chief steward asserts that he is
'Jure California is for free silver. Thieves
/ot in night before last and stole every
article of value in the pantry, and the only
•sp'cons sad forks left were those that hap-.
".rened to be in the captain's cabin. A new
supply has been ordered, and in the mean
time the harbor police are looking for the
. thieves. .
A woman accompanied by her fon,
whom she said was Sam Fechter Jr., made
a general tour of tho water front yester
day. According to the story sb.9 told
"NIGHT ON THE WAVES AND THE MOON IS ON HIGH."
Sergeant Mahoney of the harbor police |
her husband is mis-ing. "His name is j
bam Fechter," said she. "and we live on I
OTarrell street. Monday last he went to
the races and lost every cent we had in the
world on a horse he dreamed had won a
race. The colors of the jockeys were very
much alike, and he made a mistake. When
he came home he was despondent, and
yesterday lie left home saying he would
drown himself, i have not seen him
since."
The police have seen no trace of any
man such as the woman described, and
Captain Dunleavy is of the opinion that if
Mr-. Fechter wants to find her husband
she had better go to the r:icetraci%.
Shipping men want to know' where the
British ship Reliance is. She was off the
mouth of the Columbia River a week ago,
and took a pilot. When the northeaster ;
came up the vessel put to sea, and since j
then has not been spoken. The pilot
probably headed the ship out to sea, and
i iha chances are that it may be a week be-
I fore the Reliance is heard from again. .
The Southern Pacific Company's Mack
inaw is playing in hard luck. Some time i
ago she ran on the rocks in Puget Sound, J
and had to be docked for repairs. After j
an overhauling two surveyors pronounced
her seaworthy, and another start for !
San Francisco wa-> made. Strange to say i
she discovered another rock, and had to !
put into Port Townsend, again leaking.
On this occasion she will be thoroughly
overhauled and her coal cargo discharged
before she again attempts to turn Cape
Flattery. HP!?!
The American schooner Aida, now out ]
seventy-seven days from Shanghai for
Port Townsend, is away overdue, and her j
owners are very anxious. They have
asked the Government to send a revenue i
cutter out to search tor the missing vessel,
and the chances are that the Secretary of j
the Treasury will send out one of the I
boats now in port. :
The battleship Orecon got in from Aca
pulco yesterday alter an uneventful run.
The engines were made full use of, and in
consequence no time was lost. All the ,
officers speak in the terms of highest
praise of the warship, and say that a b.'tter i
sea boat never was launched. One of the |
powder-monkeys nearly lost his eyesight j
■ during the run up the coast. During a
| practice drill he got too clo a to the gun
and the powder blew into hi] face. He
i will be laid up for some time, end may
j lose his eyesight altogether. The Oregon i
is anchored in Ricbardsons Bay and will ■
lie there awaiting further orders.
The big pile-driving hammer used by
James McMahon & Sons on l-'ol'om-sireet
; wuarf went overboard yesterday. Wnile
j a slanting pile was being driven,
there was a slip In the rope, a mis
: stroke, and overboard went the hammer.
I A aiver was sent for, but as he reported
the 2000-pound hammer as being fifteen
feet in the mud all attempt at regaining it
was given up until this morning.
The schooner Una came in yesterday
i from Panama without clearance parti rs.
! She iB loaded with cedar log*, and because
| the full purchase money was not paid the
; captain left without permission, as the
| Colombian author tes wanted to hold
I thf* schooner indefinitely. The matter
will probably be settled in the courts.
ENTERTAINED FRIENDS.
I Kiijoya'ble Programme at the Voting
'Women's Christian Association
Last Evening.
The invitation musical entertainment
eiven by the Young -Women's Christian
Association lastevening was well attended,
and by the time the lirst number on the
programme was announced there were no
empty seats in the spacious reception-room
of the headquarters at 1221 O'Farrell street.
The programme, wjuch consisted of mu
sical and literary rejections and exercises
by the Delsarte class of the institution,
was as follows:
I'rayer, Rev. George E. Walk: Instrumental
-duet, Mrs. Gro-s mid- Mrs. hauler; song, Miss
Boyson; address. Rev. George K. Walk; song,
Mr. Atkinson; recitation, Mr*. Glesy; song,
Mr. Boyson; wand exercises by the'Delsartu
class. I
All of the numbers weie well received, I
the applause after the exercises of tho Del
sarte class being particularly hearty.
The entertainment was got up under
the direction of the entertainment com
mit tee, of which Miss Carrie Goulu is
chairman.
Tho Mechanic*' Institute.
The trustees of the Mechanics' Institute have
made final arrangements for the election of
trustees, tj be held <j:i February 23 next The
following "lection i.flici-rs were appointed:
Judges— Alfred Cridge, Henry I* Davis, W ll
liciu Loekwood I't-ot; Inspectors— Anarew
Wilkie Jr.. ]>avid H. Kerr, Fred M. Hrown,
Qtoigt II Traslc, H. C. Kinne, J. Baalnum.
A ccramittee consisting of Irving if. Scott,
Samuel J. Hcmly end George <. ummiug were
appointi-rt to install ;he trustees at the annual
meeting of the institute. Match (i.
An exhibition oi the pupils ot the free-hand
drawing das-;, under the supervision of In
structo: L. IJ.1 J . Latimer. will bw held at tfto
l'brary Thursday afternoon and evening of
this week, to which the public is invited.
Third Street Lighted.
The elecrlc arc lights on Thiid street, from
Mission to Harrison, have cost their joyful
rays over ;h»» heretofore dim thoroughfare,
much to the joy of the merchants and prop
erty-owners.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1897.
TO THROW DEATH
FROM THE HEAVENS
Professor Tuck Would Free
Cuba by His Torpedo
Rocket.
Wall Street, by Stock Jobbing,
He Says, Rcbbed Him
of Millions.
Now He Chims an Invention, Light
as a Pisu , but More Deadly
Tban Cannon.
Here's a new patriot for the cause ol
Cuba, He would not oniy free the Gem
PROFESSOR J, H. L. TUCK.
of the Antilles and its people from the
tbralldom of Spain, but incidentally blow
the armies of Butcher Weyler into the
place man knoweth not of.
Tuck is his name, and he prefixes it with
the ti.le professor. Profes or J. H. L.
Tuck is an inventor — as versatile an in
ventor as ever drew drawings and talked
i of millions with a nonchalance that makes
the Bradley Martin ball a thinß hardly
worth consideration. The professor rc
j side* at 34-9 Nineteenth street, and says
| he has been a resident of San Francisco
for over forty year-.
Inventor Tuck maintains he is not a
crank— far from it. No man ever talked
more, sanely on subjects of mechanical en
gineering. He is a Reoloeist and raininsj
enpineer by profession. His inventions
include everyt:iinß from a death-dealing
submarine torpedo-boat to a sure preven
tive and destroyer of the codlin moth
and the red spider. The torpedo-boat he
claims 10 have invented he ?avs was
named the Peacemaker, and astonished
New York in, 1886 with its wonderful div
iinj» powers.
"I went down to a depth of ninety-six
feet in New York harbor in 1886," said
Professor Tuck yesterday, "and attached
two torpedoes to the bottom of a ship.
Tne men of "Wall street immediately saw
the u«efulne-s of ray invention andfroze
me out. It was a stcck company, aud
they bought un all the sock, thus doing
me out of $1 5,000.000 or $20,000,000. That
was the end of my aspiration*. They took
'he Peacemaker and thought to utilize it
to tlieir own advantage, but they could
find no one who would dare to descend in
it, and so !o-iiay the boat is lying ia:e on
one of the wharves in New York."
Just now Proie«sor Tuck is devoting his
attention to freeing the Cubans from the
Casiiiian yoke. This is th? problem of his
life. He has studied, so he says, the cam
paign Gomez anil hi? patriots have been
carrying on against Weyler, and be be
lieves he has invented "something" that
will settle the problem in Cuba once and
for all, providing he can only reach tbe
ear of Senor Eitrada Palmi, the leader <•.'
the Cuban Junta in New York. The pat
arc- Dairying on a suerilla form of
warfare, and consequently not ab.e to
transport heavy artillerr, or even ordinary
li Id guns in th"!r ranid movements.
Professor Tack would, in place of heavy
ball and »bell, substitute what he calls a
"torpedo rocket." The plan of the in
vention :s similar to the ordinary sky
rocket, except that in place of the vari
colored chemicals that go to light the
lieaveu- on gala niglit3, be would substi
tute aj the contents of the rocket dyna
mite or fulminate ol mprcury.
"My rocket would be light," said Pro-
feasor Tuck; '"so lignt that each Cuban
soldier could carry at least a tiozen of
ttiem on h.s back without seriously inter
fering witli bis tie daccourtermeats. Each
rocket would be capable of traveling a
ml;e, and could be so arranged as to be
exploded eiti er by timefuse or by concus
sion. Immediately upon exploding it
wou:d destroy every vestige of animal life
I within a hundred feet of it. One hundred
! of these rockets discharged into an army,
either in motion «r la rest, would anni
hilate it. Had Gomez these rockets it
would have been impossib:e for WeyJer's
armies to exist at all. They wouM be de
stroyed from ambush as they approached.
"I have already brought the matter to
Senor Pilnia through the instrumentality
of a friend of mine in New York. I know
Pjlma is anxious to utilize my invention,
providins the rocKets can be made cheaply
and in quantities. This difficulty I have
overcome."
Professor Tuck says he will leave for
New York in a few days to submit his in
vention to Palma personally.
TO CURE A COLD IN ONE DAT.
Take laxative Bronio Quinine Tablets. All drug
} gists refund me money i it lails to cure, -oc
ONLY A HEAVY SPLASH.
What Called Attention to Mrs.
Kate Caoavan's Sui
cide.
Sad Death of the Wife of Jimes
CaDavan, the Well-Known
Stevedore.
Mrs. Kate Canavan, while demented
lrom the effects of an operation, com
mitted suicide by jumping into the bay
from Hathaway's wharf early yesterday
morning.
Airs. Canavan was the wife of James
Caravan, the well-known stevedore, and
lived with her husband and children at
3456 Beale street. Fearing that she would
injure herself, her husband has had some
one watch her for several days past, but
Mrs. Canavan slipped away and ended her
life.
About 4 o'clock Harry Strong, the night
watchman °» the dock, heard a heavy
splash, and running to the e"dpe of the
deck saw M'?- Canavan's almost nude
body floating away. He hurried to get a
boat, but before he could return with it
the unfortunate woman h.td disappeared.
The greater portion of her clothing was
found on the wharf.
About 7 o'clock one of the searchers for
the body — Jack McArdle, a boatman
found it on the b-ach under Harrison
street wharf, wh*ro it had bee.i carried by
the tide.
The deceased was 43 years of age and a
native of Ireland.
— — — «
BOUSHT 2000 TONS OP EAILS.
There Will Now tie Enough to Rtiilct
145 More Miles oT Valley Road.
The directors of the San Joaquin, Valley
Railroad met yesterday, First Vice-Presi
dent Watt presiding. He announced that
the case of F. N. liall for damages for
passing over his property one mile south
of Fresno had been submitted to a board
Of arbitration and fixed at $4COO. This bad
been paid, and the deed was presented.
It was also decided to give a contract
for 20C0 tuns of rails. The reason for tbis
was that the insurance on l'; 00 tons of
rails, lost off the coast ot Brazil on th?
bark Rosenfeld, had been received. The
400 extra tons bought or* to be used for
sidetracks. The other 1600 tons and what
is now on hand will make a total of 12,000
tons, which is enough to build 125 miles of
new road.
♦ — ♦ — •
- - -
Murder Chart/c Against a Doctor.
LOS ANGELES, C.vt., Feb. 16.— Dr. C.
S. Hidings was arrested this afternoon
by Officer Fowler on a warrant charging
Him with murdor. Hastings had been
conducting offices where he claimed to
give electric treatment. Miss Liliie M.
Hattery, a younß woman of Sau Bernar
dino, visiied him several weeks ago for
treatment and tiied as the result of
an operation performed, it is sup
posed, by Hastings with the assistance
of Mr-. A. C. Weaver, a nurse, who was
aiso arrested to-day. Both were held
without bail. When the officer visited
Hastings' office he discovered a colored
girl named Fanny Norrs, who had been
similarly operated upon and was at the
point ol death.
fNH a Strrrt Kailicay Company,
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. 16.— 0n trial
before Judge York is the damasre suit for
120,000 brought by Thomas Welsh against
tr.s Los Angelos Railway Company.
Welsh was going to his home on July 10
in an intoxicatea condition. He was car
ried past his dwelling and on the return
trp got into a dispute with the con
ductor over the payment of another fare,
he was put off and fell, injuring his foot
so that it had to be amputated.
Urn the Mails to I>e fraud.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. 16.— J. B.
Kelley, a young man, was arrested by
United Siate3 authorities to-day at the
postr flice while cashing three money or
ders. He is charged with using the mail
for fraudulent purposes. He advertised
to supple a barrel of beet sugar on pay
ment of $2 and did not.
]Uodf**k* 1* Improving.
LOS ANGELES, Cal , Feb. 16.— Mine.
Modjeska is improving, her temperature
being a fraction over 101 degrees. She was
feeling nervous this evening, owing to the
excitement caused by admitting too many
visitors.
Fire in a Saloon.
The fire alarm from box 17 at 11:05 yester
day morning was for a blnze in the saloon of
George Spenelli at 1016 Kearny street', be
tween I'acific and Broadway. The demage
amouut»d to $200, and was caused by a de
fective flue.
SAVING SOULS
ON THE RAND
Churches to Be Established
in the Mining Camps
on the Desert.
Evangelist Nasle Given Hearty
Support in Randsburg and
Johannesburg.
First Telegram Sent From the Dis
trict Over the New Lim
Frcm Krajner.
*
LOS ANGELES, Cal., /eb. 16.— The lat
est project at the famous mining camp of
Randsburg and its newer neighbor, Jo
hannesburg, is in the line of evangelical
labors, for which there is said to be "emi
nent domain." Evangelist Nagle of the
Episcopal Church has been preaching at
various times in an improvised skating
rink at R.indsburg. He has had lart;e
numbers of rough but honest miners to
hear his sermons and has been given sub
stantial encouragement in his chosen
work.
Parson Nag'e has now decided to estab
lish churches in both Randsburg ana Jo
hannesburg, having been given a lot and
other substantial inducements in Johan
nesburg, with similar help in Randsburg.
The two towns are so near together that
he can easily work in both, and it may
be truthfully said that both places afford
a wide field for evangelical work.
A change has taken place in the town
stte management at Johanne9bug. E.19
--ton, Eidridge & Co. of San Francisco will
now have entire charge and control of the
townsite and everything connected with
it. George Easton was there yesterday
and completed all arrangements, Jeaviug
for San Francisco this forenoon. He ex
pects to return on Thursday.
The teie s raph line readied Johannes
burg last evening from Kramer, on the
Atlantic and Pacific RaiJrocd, and the
first telegraphic message ever sent from
that desert country was dispatched by Mr.
Pratt, secretary of the company. This
line will be continued into Randsburg in
a day or two.
LOS ANGELES AFFRAY.
Gambler O'Keefe Shoois Another of the
Profession and Wounds a
Bystander.
LOS ANGELES, Cai. , Feb. 16.— A gang
of "tin-horn" camblers and '"sure-tning"
men, Including Bob and Henry Anderson,
brothers, and William O' Keefe, alias Bill
Knight, alias Charley Keitb, got into a
row in the Elite saloon, on South Spring
street, about 7 o'clock this evening, and
O'Keefe got much tha worst of tne en
counter at the hands of Bob Anderson.
Angered by his defeat and bearing an
old grudge against Anderson. O'Keefe
quit the saloon, only to return in a few
minutes with a revolver i.. his hand. Bod
Anderson was leaning asains' the bar and
did not observe the approach of O'Keefe.
Harry Anderson saw tne enraged man
approaching his brother and stepped in
front of therevolver- bearer just in time to
slop with his left side a ball intended for
his brother.
The bullet struck a rib and passed around
to a noint near the spinal column.
O'Keefe tired again in the direction of
Bob Anderson, but instead of hitting his
foe he wounded a bystander in the right
groin. Thi3 unfortunate individual proved
to be an old German pickle peddler named
Dumien Gebhardt.
After this O'Keefe handed his revolver
to an acquaintance, walked briskly out of
the saloon and went to his stopping place
on TweJfth street, near Un.on avenue.
There he was found by Detective Steele
soon afterward. Steele brought the hhooter
to the station nnd locked him up. His
face and loft eye snowed signs of rough |
treatment and a finger had been crushed
in the melee.
It is said O'Keefe has acted as "capper"
fir this snloon for some time. Warren
King owned the Elite until a few weeks
apo. He had some differences with O'Keefe
recently and sold the p!aco to Anderson
and Thomas of the Eintracht ssloon on
North Spring ttreet. Ttie Elite bns !on^
borne a hard name, many complaints
reaching the police station respecting
gambling gam -s in the place.
O'Keefe. or Charley Keitb, as he is
known about town, is not unknown to the
poli c officers. Ho belongs to a gang of
confidence men. He was a-ked for his
side of the story shortly after his arrest,
but declined to make any statement for
publication, saying that he had been ad
vised to say nothing. The hospual sur
geons say that the two wounded men will
probably recover, Anderson's wound being
t!ie least serious.
PERRY S. CORE.
Until a short time ago Mr. Perry S. Corl was In
rerfect health. He ate and slept moderately, but
finely. Life was a pleasure to htm. (f a sudden
he developed a peculiar caie of dyspepsia. It was
an acute one. Many doctors were called in anJ
trieJ to relieve ttie patient. The good was only
temporary, and still 31 r. Corl suffered. Alarmed
at his conUtlou. his friends advised him to use
Joy 's Vegetable sarsapurllla.
P. s. Corl did use the medicine, and be began in
a single day to show signs of rapid recovery.
Twenty-four bourj after he began using Joy's
Vegetable Sanaparilla the gases in his stomach
began to subside, He cou d take small quantities
of frod, and he slept much better. He writes of
his own accord. He says :
The Ki>win W. Joy Company, 289 Stevenson
street, San Fra icUco, Cal.
(ientlemen: lam so glad at my recovery that 1
cannot find words to convey my gladnes*. My
case was an n-ut> one. It was necessary that
somethi.iif slioul be ii -ne a- once, and \vh n the
rtoctors shook their h-ads and marveled I did not
like the tone of their conversation, vi cours».
now it Is alt over. I can recall ho \ the gases bad
dUtended my stomach out of all proportion. 1
could hardly breathe, my tongue was heavily
coated, my heart fluttering all the while. Yes, "l
am now a well man, and can only praise Joy's
V-getabl<» Sarsapariila.
[Signed] PERRY 8. CORL,
Riverside, CaL
Given Away These
|'^"-f(|hf^i^ ;^||^.fiiw»-uiHi^^j BJSCIUI
Books l
Lllpj • •
Ipfellj^!. c§wß v^ .^P? Fancy Work
Sf 3^ ft'l^ i •*? f : I ! fM>* 3\Art Decoranora
Instructions >> ht&tfß^- &
lor making £r i£)hf& B fifty flfus.Tahoio
Fanoy Work I -^ weiu A'tgytett.
Fanoy Work 1 " c "* A ="W fT - rl
Mrs. Nella Daggett of 80-ton has re-
cently written a book, "Fancy Work and
Art Decorations," that Rives practical in-
structions for making doilies, table-covers,
scarfs, traycloths, pincushions, etc., etc.,
with fifty illustrations. Tun book, to-
gether with "Successful Home Dyeing,"
will be sent free to any reader who will
address "Diamond Dyes,*' Burlington,
Vermont, inclosing a 2-cent stamp.
The above liberal offer is made to adver-
tise the reliable Diamond Dye?, and7o*get
their book upon home dyeinjr into the
hands of women who want to dress well
by making their old clothing look liKe
new.
The fact that Diamond Dyes have been
the standard home dyes for nearly twenty
years, and that their sale increases from
year to year, is proof positive that they
have never had an equal.
FOR TWO WEEKS ONLY!
OUR SECOND SEMI-ANNUAL
GREAT AND GENUINE
CLEARANCE SALE
. OF
ART GOODS
5. & G. GUMP'S,
113 GEARY STREET.
PICTURES, MIRRORS,
VASES, ORXA3IENTS,
BRIC-A-BRAC. CLOCKS,
BRASS TABLES, LIMPS,
Crockery & Glassware
Paintings, Bronze and Marble
Statuary, Pedestals, French
and Dresden Furniture,
In Fact, Every Article in Our Estab-
lishment, at a
Discount' of 20 Per Cent
FROM CUR REGULAR PRICES.
AUCTION.
THURSDAY FEBRUARY 93
At 12 if. sharp, by
YON RHEIN & CO.,
513 CALIFORNIA STREET.
FOURTH STREET.
RENTS $3000 PER YEAR
34:4^x137:6—126 4th St.. south of Mission;
ren'.s9ii2s per month; largo furniture-store and.
basemen; and 4u-r. oru lodging-house.
Cor. Ellis and Leave n worth ; Rents $240.
77:6x63— NW. cor. Ellis and I.eavenwoith st&;
a prominent transfer point; bar. fruit-store, bar-
txrr-sbop and dive. lings: rents $24U.
Bush Street Dwelling,
25x99— 2122 Bush st. east of Killmore: sunny
side; 9 rooms and bath: with some repairs will
tent for $50: must be sold.
24th Street — New Cottage.
25x114-4137 24th st, west of Castro: a tasty
cottage of 5 rooms, bath ana basement; must be
sold.
Large Corner— Aye. and California
Street
67:6x100, In 1 or 2 lots— SE. corner California
st. and 21st aye. ; California-3t. cars abou; to be
changed to electric.
Kearny, near Green — Rents 839.
20x80, through to So'.ora st. — 1315 Kearny St.;
3-story bouse, cottage and stable tor 5 horsei;
rents 939.
Large Valencia Street Lor.
61x117:6—134 feet south of 25th st.; In 1 or 2
lots, to an alley ; facing S. P. R. K. station: thou-
sands of passengers get on and off the cars at this
point.
Church Street, North of Market.
24x125— West lin«< of Church st., 363 feet north,
of Market: i'illmore-st- electric cars pass.
Erie Street.
25x84—56 Erie St., bet. Mission and Howard and
13'h and 14th: 8 room house; must be noli: a
good bargain assured.
• H S-., near Bth Ate.- Fronts Park.
25x100— South line of H st., 67:6 feet west of
Bih aye.
Tehatna Street, near Rents 553.
26x80—250-2501/2 Tehama st.; front and rear
house: bet. 3d and 4th: rent $53; must be sold.
0000000000000
AN EXCELLENT
"ft 7TT**7 A T Properly prepared and
IV/I I""' f\ I promptly served, can
IVIUI 11^ always be obtained in
THE GRILL ROOM OF THE
Decidedly the nA T A /^T7
Most Popular PA A( H '
Dining Apart- A I^L^JTLK^I^
Gill in town. ■■■■■■■nMHHHaBaHi
0000000000-000
THE PAINTER
HA& REMOVED TC
579 MISSION ST.
56
CHARLES M. RIDQB,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION tATBt-PeswNDl Pn»i
I't-V.r *>■<"- Bui>4»y <:*Lt,otf w»*k,bjrc«.rrl«r.. so.lß
.'j»:.r us. fcutxlkf Cam mm y*xr, ■-•;• mail coo
I*:./ t .• <; ttutfity Call* »U moDtb*. Ny m».'.\.. 2 '/;
!/»:: jr » t <". fium!»r '..;.. thru- month* by mail I.&C
Dally tt.fi b-u<2»y Call, on* Ml, c/ c»::_ .63
fcuni»X < all, OLe y**r, br ri.«.'i.. I.MJ
■» ILkJU.I Caul, MM /**/, kgr aMfl ..- *-**
BUSI.NESS OFFICE:
7 10 Mark •■: toil
San t'rkiicltco, California.
Ml bMM — 186>
EDITOkIAL ROOMS:
61 ' .a/- h.rt*u
rncj too* x*id-i«74
BRANCH OFFICES!
527 Morj!/;c.w-try iU«*l, corter '..ay: op«o BBlfl
I zo o'dock.'j
528 V.uyr* ttr«-*t: op*a ontll 9;30 o'clock.
615 f *r>:f« at**.: op*n until 9:3'J o'cloclc
h\V.rorn>-r f-.\iu*-.a:ii a&d 1! r.Oi. itr««-ts; op«s
itiili {» ot:'>'lc. *
2518 MUt.ca street' o;,*n un'.l! 9 o'clock.
:<J7 .Ninth «lr*<t; rjp-n until 9 o'cock.
1205 I'o.* itreel: df*n ontll 9:30 o'ciocfc.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
tte Broadwaj'.
HASTEKN OFFICE:
i'.ooan 21 «nrt Z2, 24 }'»r* K^w, :.»» To** City
:-/. v:;. M. FOLTZ, Kx«-.»rn M*ct£er.
■H'F. CALL ,'I'UKS 1O» ALL.
WKONESOAY -FKEECABY 17. :>-.s>7
Till: FAKE A\D HE FACT.
THE FAKE
■f be Jiramtjier published for several dari at the
top of Its tltla paff th- mrtai fa si
THE EXAMINER PUELISHED
249,757 Inches
Of Ads During 1296.
5964 More
Than were published by any
othijr San Francisco newspaper.
In MM publication of this rake th* Fjaminer
v. j.rotabiy !.'-' aware that a careful record was
t^tng kepi at lb* actual amount In lacß^seflts
aey»itls>ag aud that In consequence It could be
confronted frith tiM following fact.
I
— THE fact —
THE EXAMINER PUBLISHED
236,528 Inches
Of Ads During 1396.
That is one fact and here is an-
other :
THE CALL PUBLISHED
239,551 Inches
Of Ads During 1396.
3,023 More
Inches were published in
THE CALL than in the
Examiner during 1896.
It It to be ri-»ii"!nb«rr'"l that daring 1894 the
Examiner, published approximately 800 Inches of
illegal lottery advertisements, of wnlcli The Call
did not uri'l would not publlsn one.
1 lie monarcl) of Lb« tuner* tin doubtless * -■'-
ciird In nocnrlrig thousands or Inches of adver-
tising during tli« past year by dap • Bad deOSlT*
log »i!vi-iiiiiti tbrongb talseaixl arrogant asser-
ll' ni Of Him ClmrKl-r of the foregoing fake. It
<- ould (!'t-m. however, fro i the fuel* that the
merchants hi a iii ■ buve not been misled by Its
!r.itidulent p-eteiiiiei.
1 lih Examiner boasts hut Us '.*>•■ are open to
Inspection^ but we Micu'-st that It Inipoet Its own
look! btfor* It ventures uoon the publication of
another take.
- W» xi'i.Tßliilntn 111* public O'i tbe fact that th*
rzrorare of ibis fake lad ib« Examiner to drop il
In tin i the i:'i'iniiwr w:ib discreet, and if it It wise
X will make no more autli bold attempt* to
iit-relve the public.
- - .- *
''arson might as well name her big
building the "hippodrome."
m
Don't forgot that the proper place to go
fur a holiday this week is Cloverdule.
Th» Cretan situation in interesting, bat
It should not lead us to overlook Cuba.
King George evidently intends to maice
a greater Greece or clean out the suburb*.
The California Legislature has fewer
trunks than any other now in session,
and lliero is comfort in that.
The most genuine and earnest fight
under the Nevada law promises to be a
scrap between Carson and ILeno.
Blnce the Nicaragua canal bill has been
hung Op, Senator M rgan is determined
the arbitration treaty shall l:an£ with It.
The prospects for the speedy passage of
the university lull are encouraging. Tho
people in vvith it and the Jegislatorn are
standing In.
To give help to the people of India
would in generous, but let us first be Just
to the people o our own City who need
aid aim employment
If the European powers do not agree to
pick the Turkish pear very booh it will
drop into the lap of Greece. There is no '
doubt that it is overripe.
If ih6 wrangling legislator in Oregon
do not hurry up they will hardly get
through electing a Senator before it is
time to adjourn to Carson.
It seems there is one feature of the
Administration with no nittn of deficit
about It, for Cleveland is said to havo
saved $125,000 of his salary.
It looks as if the great powers have
come to the conclusion that the only way
to maintain their prestige is to combine
and whip or bulldozo Greece.
The work of grading tho line of the
Valley road south of Fresno has begun,
and before long another Motion of the
Kate will have the benefit of competing
transportation rates.
The machine-bolt trust has followed the j
hlcrl trust and gone into collapse. Under ]
the stress of reviv'tii* business competi
tion is becoming too strong for combina
tion;) to hold it down.
The treasury report shows the deficiency
for the fifcal year un to February 16 to bo
$47,713,000. It won't be very long, how
ever, before a better showing will be made.
We shall nave another tariff by July.
Chicago claims to possess the most
economically administered charity organ
ization in the world. It is made up of the
Mayor and the police and seems to be
prompt, efficient and discriminating. ; .
STATE HIGHWAYS.
While everybody in the State desires to vee the beginning of the work of road im
provement, it is questionable whether the plan proposed to achieve that result coder
the •apervisioa of a board of State co : . oners will be acceptable to any considers.
ble number of the people. The more the question of £tat« highways under State
control is di;cus>e4 the more weighty appear the objections to It. Home of these are
j ter-ely staled in an interview with Supervisor Ayer of Santa Clara County which we
j publish this morning. It seemn clear that the proposed measure would result in im
posing :-'3tie burden: upon many sections of tbe State and would result in com*
paratively little good to any.
One effect of establishing a series of State nigh ways to be maintained by State taxa
tion voold be the lapoiftitMi of taxes upon all parti of the State, while the proposed
highways would benefit only t&e comparatively small section through which they ran.
Residents of cities, who now pay a large proportion of taxes to the Btate, would be
compeMfd to pay their pro rata of the expense of maintaining these highways,
although the highways would be distant from them and of no benefit to their people
or their traffic.
Not on v would the cities be unjustly taxed for the maintenance of benefits In
j which they would not share, but the more progressive counties of tbe State which
have now provided themselves with good highways wou'd be compelled to pay for
constructing roads in other counties where the people have either oeen negligent and
parsimonious in regard to road construction or else have elected to the office of Super
visor men who are either incapable of attending to their duties or were wasteful of
public money. It is not fair that counties which have done good work for themselves
ebouM be compelled by tbe State to pay for the negligence of counties which have
hitherto left their highways unimproved.
In tliii, as in all other matters where local eelf-gov?rnraent is possible, each eov
won is Lest. The people of a coanty who ore to derive benefit from the high
' ways within its borders are the people who should uay for them, and if they refuse to
do it the penally of bad roads falls where it belongs, Santa Clara County has
demonsirate'J that under the present law it is possible to construct and maintain
pood roads without State .-.:■!. Her Supervisors lave not only kept highways as good
as any in Hie Union throughout the valley sections of the county, but through the
rolling hills and rugged mountains to the east end west. The people of Santa Clara,
tnerefore, would have nothing to gain by the proposed system of State highways, but
much to 10-e. Inasmuch ns they would not receive from the State a snra sufficient to
maintain their highways in their present excellent condition, and yet would have to
! pay taxes to help maintain State highways in other localities.
| hunta Clara is not the only ronnty la the State that would b<» Injured by th« adop
tion of the proposed system of State highways supported by State taxation. There
are others which have expended lar/e sums of money in the construction of public
roads and are now reaping the benefit of the expenditure. Ii is a sufficient burden
upon them to maintain their own highways. The interests of these counties are
entitled to consideration as much as the interests of counties where the people have
| done little or nothing for themselves, and where they have gone on year after year
content with bad roads or indifferent to good ones.
The people of Han Francisco and of other cities in the State have strong reasons
I lor opposing th« proposed rnea-ure. Tbe cities pay approximately two-thirds of the
| State taxes, and would, of course, have to pay about two-thirds of the amount ex
j pended for the State highways. This would be in addition to the sum which they
would have to levy for themielves to maintain their streets. It haroly needs argu
| ment to show the unfairness of such a proposition. All the cities of California are
| young and rapidly growing. There is an Incessant demand upon them for money to
rcpave old streets and open new ones. The burden of taxation upon City residents
for street work is already as heavy as they can bear, and they ou^ht not to be called
upon to pay for rural highways as welL
Taking all things into consideration the proposed State highway system is
decidedly unadvisable. It can have no other effect than that of taxing one man for
the benefit of another, laying burdens upon cities for the welfare of counties and
upon enterprising communities for those that have been less progressive and lea
thrifty. Road improvements we must have, but the surest and best way to attain
them is by leaving the work to counties themselves and imposing upon the people the
responsibility as well as the privileges of local self-eovernment.
A SUCCESSFUL fcXHiSIT.
The home products exhibit recently held
at Ix>s Angeles may be fairly accounted to
hare, been a *ucce«aful one in every re-
Hpect. Tijis is made evident by the fact
that tho criticism which follows the ex
hibit has been as favorable as were the
notices given it by the press during its
continuance.
All the Los Angeles papers in Humming
up the remits of the Mbit speak as cor
dially of the display ana of the manage
ment as they did during the time when it
was running and when their reports may
be considered to have been to a large ex
tent colored by a desire to praise it in
order to attract visitor*). The judgm-nt
pronounced since the close of the exhibit
amply confirms all the favorable things
haul about it while it was itill a civic fes
tival and a matter of municipal pride.
One feature of the later criticisms and
comments that deserves notice Is the j
warm praise given to the manager of the |
exhibit, Mr. Charles de Gartno Gray. i
■ Thia gentleman seems to have won "gold- ■
en opinions from all sorts of people." !
The directors of the exhibit, the press ana
the exhibitors all combine in tiring bin
credit for the greater portion of the suc
cess attained and in expressing a warm
end high appreciation of his services.
Mr. Gray is evidently one of those men
who are fitted both by talonts and train
ing for the conduct of «uch complex
affairs as & great exposition. 6ucce>gful
managers of such enterprises are few. In
the very nature of things at all exposi
tion* there are antagonism^ between the
director* and the exhibitors and also be
tween one exhibitor and another. Every
man who has a display to make desires
the largest space arid the raosl favorable
location. To harmonize the conflicting
claims which arise out of these desires !
requires something more than ordinary
tact, and he Is a very good manager In- j
deed who succeeds in doing It.
Wo took occasion daring tnecontinn- j
ance of the exhibit to congratulate Lot |
Angeles on th - splendid display made, as
reported by our correspondent in that city. |
We have now occasion to congratulate her j
again on its successful conclusion. It is
no slight thing to have held an import
ant exhibit of this kind and brought it to
an end without developing causes of com- ;
plaint which lead to mutual recrimina- ]
tions.
We are all well aware that the Los
Angeles spirit in such as to prompt every
Los Angeles man to praUe and commend
everything done by his city or in his city
no matter what his individual feeling may j
be. In this case, however, the warmth of
the general praise gives evidence of a
pen DIM sincerity. It Is clear that Mr.
de Garmo Gray furnished Los Angeles
with exactly the leadership needed to
awaken her ever responsivo public spirit
and prompt it to the right action in tbe
right way. _______________
The "Mycological Club" which has been
started in Boston for the purpose of study
ing the difference between mushrooms and
toadstools may be composed of most re
spectable people, but it will have a hard
time getting guests to attend its banquets.
According to a correspondent of the
Chicago Inter Ocean railroad companies
which have been holding back purchase*
of rails for three or four years are now
taking ad van of the enormous slash in
rates, and this year's railway rebuilding
is expected to break the record of 1892.
If some of these companies will now head
for the West we will soon be all right.
Argentina is considering the advisability
of adopting a law imposing a progressive
tax varying from $5 to $30 per month upon
nil bachelors from 20 to 80 years of age.
Maidens who reject a man and do not
marry some one else within a. stated time
.roust pay a line of $500. Widowers and
widows under thirty ar> allowed three
years in which to marry again, and if
tingle af it that period they must pay the
name tux as bachelors of an equal age.
The entire sum to be collected by these
tuxes Is to be distributed annually among
the families of the country which have
[ twelve living children. Tills beats Kansas.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1897.
THE ARBiTR'TION TREATY.
The vote taken upon the resolution of
Senator Morcan declaring the CJayion
-- wer treaty abrogated may be consid
ered a tear vote on the arbitration treaty,
since the ol ject oi Morgan's resolution
was not so much to discuss the Clayton-
Bulwer treaty as to postpone considera
tion Of the treaty of arbitration which was
being Dressed by the administration
forces. The vote was a close one, as the
Morgan resolution prevailed by a major
ity of only 82 to Si. It was sufficient for
the purpose, however, and the considera
tion of the arbitration treaty wen lover for
the time.
Unless something unforeseen occurs, it
is hardly likely after this that any
earnest attempt will be made by
the friends of the administration
to bring the arbitration treaty to
a vote at this tension. It will take two
thirds of the Senators to ratify it, and it
aeems impossible to obtain these at the
present time no matter how tLe treaty
may be amended.
When the subject was fir*t broached and
the treaty first announced to tho people, it
was received with a considerable degree of
popular favor. As time has passed, how
ever, and fuller consideration was given,
this favor has diminished, until it now
no longer probable that the original treaty
stands any chance whatever of acceptance.
Even in it- amended form its pai-.sape is
still doubtful, and the advocates of it Mem
to understand this and are no longer eager
to force the vote.
One point made by Senator Morgan has
produced a strong impression on Senators
of all parties and all shades of opinion.
This is the aeaertion that the ratification
of a standing compact of arbitration
would for the period of Its operation sus
pend the exercise of the Senate's consti
tutional functions as a part of the treaty
making power. If i he proposed arbitra
tion agreement is adopted by this coun
try the President would have sole juris
diction over all questions to be submitted
to arbitration under the convention, and
could resort to it at all times without tbe
an vice or consent of tne Senate.
This objection has weight even with
those Henators who hold that the pro
pos d treaty does not seriously affect any
of the rights of this country. It is as
valid against the treaty as amended as
against that which was first proposed.
Mr. Cleveland has given the Senate a
warning of the extent to which a Presi
dent can co In ignoring the Senate, and it
Is not likely that any future President
will be intrusted with more power than
ha* been Invested in his office by the con
stitution itn»lf.
RAILROAL/ lUiLD.NG.
The popular expectation tbat this is to
be a year remarkable for the extent of its
railroad building receives confirmation
from all sources. Reports of new lines
projected haye been followed by reports
of laree orders lor steel rails and by appli
cation to the various Legislatures of the
Union for auch amendments to the laws
as are needed to make secure the capital
invented in the proposed new enterprises.
One of the most significant events of the
day confirming the reports of increased
railroad building soon to be undertaken
Is the collapse of the great steel-rail
trust. It seems that orders for rails to
such large amounts were placed on the
market thai the mills which formed the
tros were unable to resist the temptation
to break away. The well-informed corre
spondent ol the Chicago Inter Ocean says:
"Railroad companies which have been
holding back purchases of rails for three
or four years are now taking advantage of
the enormous slash in rates, and this
year's railroad bull ling ia expected to
break the record of 1892."
Additional confirmation that the year
is to be a great one for railway building is
found in the appearance at Rucramento of
representatives of the Atchison, Topeka
and Kama F« Railroad, seeking to secure
certain legislation that will enable thai
road to extend its lines in this State. The
legislation < esired by the Santa Ye will
be beneficial not only to that road but to
the Kmi F rancisco ana Sau Joaquin Val
lojr road, and the fact that it has Been
applied for gives credit to the general ex
pectation that toe Valley road will sooner
or la'er be connected with «he Eanta Fe
system and thus form an overland com
petitive route.
It is, ol course, possible tbat tbe realiza
tion of the year will not equal popular
expectation. It sull take a loug time U,t
th« country to recover Jrom the depres
sion whtch it has undergone during tbe
pest four years. It seems evident, how
ever, from the reports wnich come to us
tbat there is to be a considerable revival
of railroad building, even if it does not
talld tbe prophecy of tbe Inter OwMM i
correspondent and break tbe record of 18& J. I
The most cheering feature to California ;
in tbe situation is the fact tbat many of \
these railway enterprises, aad by far the j
most important of tnem as reported, are
tr.e proposed extensions of lines to the j
West, and particularly to this State. We
seem to be on the verge of a *ett!emenl of
the long controversy between the people
and the Southern Pacific Railroad by
breaking ud the monopoly of that com
pany and the establishment of a competi
tive transcontinental line. The outlook
is so bright tbat it may easily lead many
POOpta to be over sanguine, but if due re
gard is raid to ali the difficulties in the
way it will t.till be found that there is
abundant reason for the expectation that
the year will be a notable one for railroad
building throughout tbe Union, and that j
California wi l receive her due share of it.
PER ONAL
Tom C. Gorric of Sonora ii In town.
O. Si. Brown of Denvcrton Is at the Rnss.
Dr. J. H. Glass of Paso Robles is In town.
William A. Hoff of the Sybil mine is at the
Buss.
1. J. Hebron, the banker of Salinas, la at the
Grand.
George H. Carey of S*n Diego ii at the Occi
dental.
W. L. Gazzam of Seattle arrived here yes
terday.
D. E. Mastensoa of Red Blufl arrived here
yesterday.
T. 11. Lynch and L. L. Gray of Fresno are on
a vl*lt ctre.
T. K. OTarrell of Covelo li one of the late
arrivals here.
E. 3. Cahill, a ranch-owner of San Martin, Is
at the Grand.
W. R. Carlthers, the merchant of Santa Rosa,
is at the Lick.
S. L. Hoge, Deputy Auditor of Fresno County,
Is at the Urand.
Mrs. Y. J. McFarland, owner Of a store In
Napa, Is In the City.
A. L. Graeier, a livestock-grower of Dillon,
Mont., Is in the City.
R. H. Garrattof New Orleans and Mrs. Gar
rait are at the Palace.
L. S. Semple, a mining man of Weaverville,
Is here on a short visit.
A. S. Nichols, owner of a large area of land
! near Su»»nvllle, is at the Rum.
W. H. Boyntoa, a well-to-do resident of Col
orado Springs, is at the Palace.
Kx-.-uperlcr Judge T. L. Caruthers of Ukiah,
is among the arrivals nt the Grand.
A. G. Will and Florence Will of Rockwood
Pa., are at the Cosmopo;itan Hotel.
Mis* C. McFarlune of Winnipeg, Canada, Is
registered at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
W. W. fchipman, a business man of Toronto,
Canada, is at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
J. W. Henderson, the pioneer and bank
president oJ Eureka, Chi., is at the Licit.
D. B. Newell, an extensive farmer and dairy
man of Humboldt County, is at the Kuss.
W. E. Pulllani, a Deputy Collector of f'm
toms of Portland, 0r., 1s in this City on a pleas
ure trip.
The Misses Rosalind, Peggy and Lucy Web- '
blag of London, Eng., have taken apartments j
at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
State Senator 1 W. F. Prlsk of Grass Valley It !
in the City. He It the editor and owuer of the
dally paper at Grass Valley.
H. Bell Irving, a leading merchant of Van
couver, B. C, Ib at the Palace, accompanied by
Mrs. Cell Irving and Miss Hulbert.
J. 8. Goodwin, one of the earliest pioneers of
You net en 1 owner of two mining properties
there, Is at the Lick. He is here for a few day.
C. A. Walker, ono of the widely known j
Walker Brothers, the bankers and hotel end
njini owners of Salt Lake, Is at the Occidental.
K. J. Milton, a millionaire merchant ol Bos
ton, whose home is at Brookline, Mass., is
here, accompanied by Mrs. Milton. William
H. Wood, a wealthy resident of Cambridge,
and Mrs. Wood, are with them.
Thomas K. Bard, owner in large oil wells at ;
an 1 near Hueneme, Ventura County, and pro- I
prietor of a bank in that {lace, is among those i
at the Occidental. Mr. Bard is prominent in
politic* and one of the most influential men in
that part of California.
Michael Cudahy of Cudaby Brothers, the
pork and beef packer* of Chicago, Omaha and i
Kancss City and brokers In grain, is a recent !
arrival hero. The Cudahys hare amassed large
:ortunes by the own effort*. They were once
poor boy« in the employ of Phil Armour. He
is at the Palace.
A. Rlbas, who left here tome monthiago with
General M. L. Barillas, ex-President of
Guatemala, has returned here after a tour of
Europe. He came direct from Constantinople
in twenty day*. Mr. Ribas says General
Barillas visited England, Germany, Belgium I
and France, and is now in Italy, where his
his daughter is soon to be married. The
General expects to return here about March 15.
CALFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NKW YORK, N. V., Feb. 16. -At the Bt.
Cioud— J. W. Leslie. Imperial— F. M. Leland.
St.jru-vant— H, L. Chase, LJ. Hanchett, Mrs.
fa. E. Howard St. Denis— J. S. Spear and wile.
Murray Hill— p. Stanford, J. H. Janus. Max
Qlinger left the St Cloud to sail on the Havel.
M. Baer Is here buying.
Letters From the People.
A GRAND PROJECT.
The Propound Highway front Ban
JFraneiteo Through, the *>anta
Clara Valley
To the Editor of the San Francitco Call— Sir:
In the Mennia. report of the Slate Bureau of
Highways, rtcni y is?uel. 1 find the follow
ing among the plans suggested lor the con
struction ot highways by the State:
Third— A highway commencing at the City and
County of Man I rancifcco and extending tuence
noutlK-astPrly on the nest grades a d alUninetus
through the counllei of Mm Ma;eo, sarim Clara
.-an Ilmito, Monterey, Kan Lots Obispo, Ventura
and Los Angeles to the city of Los Angeles.
Tnis recommendation evidently contem
plates the con unction of a new road leading
ironi San FrancUco southward through the
Kanta Clara Valley to its terminus, as the
road that now runs from S&u Francisco t ■ hart
Jose cannot be much improved or widened
without moving houses and fences and cutting
down trees, which would cost more than
building a new road.
In addition to this the present road is hardly
sufficient for the amount of travel over it.
The construction of a boulevard from Ban
Francisco to San Jose has been agitated for
several years, but It is probable that San Kriiu
cl«co will be called upon to defray a consider
able share of the expense of the building of
the proposed Slate roads. It is but Just that it
should desire some immediate advantages
from them. It requires no stretch of the Im
agination to understand the great benefits that
Ban Francisco would secure from such a high
way or boulevard, particularly if it should be
of sufficient width to permit of the layin* of
rails on one tide of It for an electric road with
out interfering with the travel over it.
The footnill region of the Santa Clara Valley
cannot be surpassed for climate and healthful
ness. It is well supplied wttn good water, has
excellent drainage, and has magnificent views.
It is sheltered irom the prevailing western
winds and It almost entirely free from fogs,
yet with all these natural advantages and at
traction* it i* very thinly populated, Mmply
because the cost ol tranoportation to and from
San Francisco is too expensive and the means
of travel not frequent enough. The territory
south of San Francisco is its natural outlet.
The City is destined, at no distant day, to
grow rapidly in that direction. If it should
continue to grow «4 nsl Id the next fifty years
as It has in the pact fifty yea», it Is more than
X robabie it.ii it will include within its limit*
tis« cities of Iledwood ai.d km Mateo. Tee
construction of t.ie proposed highway or
boulevard would r.M»t*riaLy aid acl hasten
tola mucb-de«ired object.
If the xneexure now before the State L»-zi>!t-
tnre for the construction of a tarsias of elf h
wayi should t* patted and become a law, it
will b* the s-reatest boon conferred on the
Maid by any Legltlaicre since the State was
admitted to the Union. CHA£ZJE* Uakx:>B.
Mtnlo Park. Feb. 15, 1897.
AROUNU THE CORRIDOR!
"It la astonishing bow thing* change in and
about many of the raining townt of the Rocky
Mountains and Sierra Nevada ranges," said
C. W. Bowles at the Grand Hotel yesterday.
! "I iappo»e these changes are equally char-
I acteristic of other mining regions. A few
I yean ago, when I wu at that age when life
seemed one continual round of adventure and
romance, I wai proprietor of a weekly paper
on almost th« very crest of the Rocky Monn
tains.
"it wu during the days when the silver ex
citement ran high, and when sliver carbon
ates were being struck right and left. The
camp where I was located was a; an altitude
of almost two miles above the sea. The great
rivers of the continent bad their sources
there. Tne Arkansas, the Platte and the re
motest affluent of the Colorado started from
the snows in these mountains and within but
a short distance of each other.
"The Colorado flowed far west to the Gulf of
California and mingled it* waters with the
Pacific, and the Plane and the Ar
kansas trending eastward and south
ward for tnonsands of miles and
blending with other streams at last reached
the Gulf of Mexico. It was said that at one
point tne sources of tnese rivers were bo c'.cs;
that you could take a nautilus shell and ac
cording as you dropped it to your right or
your left it would reach the Atlantic or the
Pacific.
"In these lofty heights, where the air was
pure ozone, we made a booming little mining
town. There were deep forests of pine and
other woods about there. These fringing the
lower portions of the great mountains gave
them a singular beauty.
"None of us who lived there in those romantic
times had any Idea what these woods did for
us. I have recently been there again and 1
found that the charcoal-burner and the man
in search of mine timber; bad cut off every
bit o! this forest, even down to the little trees.
The great mountains were bare and hostly.
"I had returned with some tremors of the
hear:, for those were happy days, but when I
saw the bare mountains and the camp, which
had become stone dead, I had no qualms. It
was a satisfaction that I should live there no
more.
"I notice that in many of the camps of the
Sierras the same thing has happened. These
trees should be protected from at least use
less waste. Cut from the rocky sides of the
mountains, where they are needed to hold
the snow and preserve the sources of the
water, they will not grow again la a hundred
years." ■ '
AMERiCAN^! HELP CUBA!
A century hat sped, and with a score
Of a'.er years Is added to the age
Of -World liberty, and men adore
Each deed Inscribed upoa the briefest pace
01 human annals. What Ii more sublime
In history than freedom's triumph won?
Six scores of years: Uow small a. part of time!
"H-ruic men, my deed was nobly done!
America and liberty are raised
To one high pom of universal fame:
No deed forgotten nor a name uDp raised
That turned the prile of tyranny to shame,
As Lincoln's hand released a race of slaves
So Washington ties roved tbe rule of kings,
And heroes marched, unfearf ul, to their graves
Thai freedom might ascend on equal wings.
And yon, O son* whose heritage is stained
With voluntary blood that twice was poured
An offering to Freedom, you have gained
A land where every ma i 's his own lord:
Where kings rule r.oi, nor men. like slaves, obey.
What wonder then the pair otic heart
Does yet b* at strong. And cannot you repay
he God of war by talcing Cuba's part?
hat fertile lsie. now net with blood and tears,
Where devastation stalks In name of Spain
And i urple carnage reeks, and gloating leers
Of murderous men are seen on hi 1 and plain t
As through the land ihe.SpAulards, battle-armed.
Id iroops are seeking whom their blades may
kill.
No home is left, no life may go unharmed
That does not bjw to Spain's remorseless will.
A band of loyal men, in spirit strong,
la numbers weak— the lovers of their Isle-
Are Wan lug well against the mignty wrong,
And dying bravely, dying with, a smile
Upon the lips that turn a final breath
T i wore* of hope, that urge their brothers on.
A cry for freedom, then a hero's death—
Their iil(blo! lie has reached the heaven's dawn.
American^ with you the duty lies
To help tbe helpless. Hear their mute appeals!
They ask you not, but In their dimming eyes
A brother's wish forestalls the end that steals
Upon their hopes of liberty and peace.
Americans! their lives are in your hands.
A word from you will bid the conflict cease,
For even Spain will hearken your commands.
Use evear art of argument to show
To warring Spain bow, erring la her cause,
Sh? brings upon herself unending woe,
Nor ever courts a watching world's applause.
"Demist, O bloody >pain! Forego your pride.
If mastery has aught to win the praise
Of other nations, think you they will hide
Contempt for power • on by blackest ways?"
Or, falling thus, say, "Land of ancient fame.
In wars 00 land and sea! 'la but disgrace
To thus belittle such a valiant name
By warring with asma 1 and helpless race.''
And If the pride of power and of birth
Have dwindled In the growing lust of gold,
Say, "Spain, why rob, when all this fruitful earth
To honest labor will its store unfold?"
And If from argument she -.urns her ear,
Let pleading go an I huoder your command :
"O ruthless Sjaln, our ultimatum bear! .
Retail at once your devastating band,
Or ships and guns and men In freedom born
Will cross the narrow neck of sea and give
The Cuban- aid." And Spain shall fall, and scorn
Shall mar* her name, while liberty shall live.
Edwabo Clarke.
San Franclsc", Feb. 15. 1897.
EXAMINER AND WATER RATES.
Pan Francisco Journal nf Commerce.
It is unfortunate for San Francisco that it
has a newspaper of the Examiner stamp.
When It fails to carry a point by legitimate
methods it resorts to blackmail and the prac
tice of the highwayman. It hus been ou the
payro.l of corporations for large amounts.
Spring Valley is evidently an exception, for
tho daily boodle r has declined to discuss the
affairs of the water corporation with that fair
ness which invariably carries conviction in
public mind. Therefore it is, we repeat, un
fortunate for San Francisco when investments
in pub ic securities are continually assailed by
the Examiner because, forsooth, a large pro
portion of the profits tire not turned over to it.
The Supervisors are asked to fix the water
rates so as not to yield a rate ol dividend to the
stockholders larfier than 3 or 4 per cent, and
the Examiner Impudently makes the bold
stuteini-nt that unless they conform to Its re
qu' st they are to consider themselve3 thieves
and the hirelings of the water company. But
the Superv sors are familiar with tho unscru
pulous ways of the monarch of boodlers, and
they will, therefore, not be intimidated. It
perchance they sh >uid be, the inevitable would
follow— namely, that investments in public
utilities here would henceforth be considered
unsafe and unprofitable.
The question is whether or not 4 per cent is
enoußQ. According to the Examiner it is
ample. If this rule is established then other
securities, such as gas, street railroad and
many other securities, must come under the
operation of the same rule. Are investors,
therefore, likely to put their capital Into secu
rities of this nature which, it must be ad
mitted, are more or less risky? The savings
banks are paying rates on deposits similar to
those being agitated by the Examiner for the
water company's shareholders and tbe deposi
tors can uraw money when needed, whereas
on the other hand an investment in the stocks
of the water and other companies is subject to
fluctuations and cannot always be realized
upon. The duty of the Supervisors is plain ;
they should deal with the water company
fairly and without prejudice. The stock
holders of the corporation are composed of
many of our most worthy caitens and their
interests sbou d be considered as of greater
importance in this community' than the cry
of a self-convicted boodler, which not long ago
was on the payroll of the Southern Pacific
Company to the tune of $1000 a month.
CONVICT LABOR
WAS CONDEMNED
Manufacturers Opposed to
Power Machinery
in Prisons.
Police Judges Scored for Not
Enforcing the Pare
Food Law.
A Statement That the Ftar cf Losing
Votes Prevents Them From Do
iog Th.ir Daly.
A special meetinjr of no small im
portance was held by the directors of the
Manufacturers' and Producers' Associa
tion yesterday. The principal subject
discussed was a resol'Jtoa previously of
fered by Director Kerr. In substance it
was that the Legislature be requested to
pass a bill providing lor the abolishment
of all power machinery in tho State
prisons and that after December 31, 1897,
the convicts be compelled to perform their
labor by hand, unaided by machinery.
This resolution had been referred to the
legislative committee of th« association,
and yesterday two reports were made by
the committee. The majority report was
that at this time the association should
not take up this matter. The minority,
s gned by Mr. Kerr, favored the adoption
of me resolution as presented.
Mr. Kerr delivered an eloquent address
in support of his position. He said that
efforts are being made to have the State
purchase more machinery, especially for
me rock-crushing project at Folsom.
There is airealy a large sum of money
tied up in prison machinery in this State,
particularly at the San Quentin prison.
Ttie prison directors are making every
effort to keep even on tne expenses, but
ibis is impossible, when all the outlay
necessary to maintain surh an institution
is taken into consideration. In order to
make a snowing tne manufacture of any
class of articles by convicts b comes a
commercial feature and competition with
free labor follows and the latter is made to
suffer. Mr. Kerr stated that when Chi
cago was in the height of her prosperity
the State-prison convicts were engaged in
the cooperage line and ran all the outside
coopers out of business. In other places
the wooden and willow ware business was
ruined by convicts. New York has
i.bandoned power machinery In its orisons
and the men are kept on hand labor only.
While the farmers are benefited by the
manufacture of jute grain bags, they
eventually lose ali in the hi<tn shipping
rates.
Mr. Kerr spok» of the idle 600 idle
workingmen in this City who are endeav
oring to secure aid from the officials, and !
said ihat this is a strange time for Warden j
Aull to lobby in the Leg siature for more ;
machinery, so that still more free men
•bonld be made idle in order that he I
mig t find work for bis jailbird?. Again j
speaking of the jutemiil, Mr. K»rr stated '
that the director's report for 1895 showed j
that the mill runs behind $I:J.uX) a year, i
He urged that the association go on record
as opposing power machinery in ihe Cali
fornia State prisons.
Director Allen agreed with Mr. Kerr so
far as the rock-crushing machinery is con
cerned, but he was opposed to interfering '
with the jute plant in the other prison.
Besides it was too late to do anything ;
with this Legislature. Upon the recom- j
mendaiion of Director Keller that the date
Of abolishing power machinery in the
prisons be changed from December 31,
1897. to December 31, IS9S." Mr. Kerr's
resolution was adopted.
The next subject discussed was intro
duced by President Sonntag, who stated
that the pure-iood ordinance is sadly dis
! regarded. The Heath Department officers
' arr-.-st offender?, but tne Police Judges
dismiss tne cases for fear that at the next
election they will lose tbe votes o - all wno
are prosecuted and convicted. He sug
gested that a conference be he.d with the
Police Judees to see if the law can be in
forced. If not, tben it wonld be weil to j
see .f chere is any Jaw by which the Police
Judges can be reached.
Director Jacobs stated that there had
been twenty-three arrests in ten days and
all had been clear violations of the law,
yet there were twenty acquittals and but
three convictions, and Judge Campbell
was the only one who had the courage to
impose heavy tines. The Judges divided
ud the cases because they were fearful of
losine votes if the whole oaten fell to one
court. Mr. Jacobs ssid that a report by
Msjor McKinley of Ohio showed that in
1895 ' he impure-food bu-ines* amounted
to $27,000 a day and $1,800,000,000 a year.
D rector Allen of the Pure-food Com
mittee of the Council of Associated Indus
tries stated that the committee had ap
pointed an attorney to drafi a legislative
bill making the handling of adulterated
food a felony instead of a misdemeanor.
The bili prepared provides for the first of
fense a fine of not less than $25 nor more
than $1000; for the second offence not less
than $50 nor more than $200, or impri-on
ment in the County Jail for six months ;
for the third and nil suh«equi»nt offenses
a fine not less than $500 nor more than
$100 and imprisonment in trie State prison
not less than one nor more than five
years.
A committee consisting of Directors
Sbarboro, Jacobs and McLnughtin was
appointed to call upon the Police Judges
with a view of having the pure-food ordi
nance enforced. If this conference does
not result satisfactorily the asscciati «n
will lay the matter before the Grand
Jury.
President Sonntag called attention to
the fact that the annual meeting and
election of directors of the associaiion will
be held on March -i. Therefore he ap
poinied as a committee to make arrange
ments for that meeting D. rectors Mead,
Keller and K»rr.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
Sympathizing Friend— l »m awfully sorry to
hear that your work was rejected.
Potter Artist— I don't mind disclosing the
secret to you; I know you will keep it. The
fact is that 1 am color-blind by gaslight, and I
painted a group of green trees, tninking all
the time that 1 was using pure red.—lndiana
polis Journal.
The great actor look*! Tory much offended.
"These people mvul be barbarians!" he ex
claimed.
"What makes you think that?"
"I have been at thU t>t«ce three hours and
nobody knows who t «m "
"How can you tell?"
"I haven't had »ny requests for a pass to the
show."— Washington Star.
■Willie— Are you the nearest relative I've got,
mamma?
Mother— love, and your pa la the closest
relative you've got.
••res," said the evangelist to the young
sport who had just come under conviction,"
"you are plucked as a brand from the burn'
ing."
"Well, I suppose 1 was pretty hot stuff,* re
sponded the youth, with a certain air of grati
fication.—Chicago Journal.
Bookkeeper— What's all this fuss about, any
way? Do you suppose the ola man suspects
me of any crooked work?
Chief Clerk— Oh, no; he isn't to blame for
it. Count Skeeslcks has made arrangements ,
to marry Miss Araminta, and is baying ex- 1
p*rt« »ro ihwnffi tii« booxt U> m« U>«t thers
lifcit fcx*a no ?2ierepre*fcaUtfoa» •.-.•■
hzi Uxtmi't wValti. TLef* »UL— Cleveland
\j-.*Att. ___
Kuta— £t« a to be S6«rrie4 aext month asd
the will lire . MM. - v
May— lt will be Sard lor her parents to lo«»
her. '
Both— Oh, 1 <Jonl know. They've been try
ing hard to lose ler fcr the Jest ten years.—
Puck.
An old rail fence t**i liacola is said to have
built is pointed oat U magmM the preo
l»ea of « Marion Conaty (Kentucky) disiiilery.
Lin corn's father and the father of Jefferson
Davis were neighbors In tn&t region, and are
■■id to have fought *.<i~ by tide in a little
brush with Indiana nesr where the town of
Springfield, J£y., now stands.
"Whew!" «a.id the drummer. "This placa
smells like a drugstore.'*'
"Fixed It tfiat w«y on purpose," said the
barkeeper; ' -• I of Kansas ieliers In town, an.l
we want to make it seem homelike to 'em.'' —
Indianapolis Journal.
PARAGRAr\.3 AbtU . PEOPLE
Miss Ellea Terry is said to be completely re
stored to health by her stay fa the south of
France.
'•San" Jones, the Georgia evangel!*: geu
?2000 and his expenses lor his month's re
vival work In Boston.
The late David J. Hennessy of Dubuqu»,
lowa, left his estate, valued at 91,000,00 to
his brotaer, Archbishop John Heaneai c!
Dubaque.
T. P. O'Connor, having sold his London Ev
ening Sun to a Tory syndicate, has become
Parliamentary sketch writer to the ht:.j
Telegraph.
General Craighill, who has jnst been put oa
the retired list. Is being talked of for •■
--presidency of the Massachusetts Institute oJ
Technology.
Mrs. Marilla M. Riclcer, a well-known law-. -
of Washington and of Dover, K. H., Is a candi
date for the office of Minister to the Baited
Slates of Colombia. W
In thanksgiving for the long life of their
parents, the children of Mr. and Mrs. Glad
stone are about to erect a memorial window
in Hawarden Church, and have accepted tie
design of Burne Jones.
Queen Victoria haa conferred the Royal
Order of Victoria and Albert upon the Em
press of Russia, who has received the fire;
class, and upon the Duchess of York, to whom
the second class has been given.
Queen Victoria's apartment* in the new
hotel at Cimiez comprise more than 140
rooms. Most of them have been samctconsly
decorated far royal occupancy, much of the
furniture having been purchased in London.
I The Queen's bed, easy chair and footstool were
| brought from Windsor Castle.
Salt roast pecan <£ almonds; fresh. 905Larkia
• — • — •
Etbong hoarhound candy, 15c Townsend's*
• — ♦ — •
Special inlormatlon daily to manufacturan,
business houses and public men by the Prsii
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery.*
• — ♦ — *
AUSPICIOUS
New York Mail and Express.
The signs of the times are auspicious. The
nieht of disaster is almost over and the dawn of
Republican prosperity is at Band. Let us all
rate a cheerful view of the future, and bury
the dead past out of sight
Excursion Rates to "Washington.
For the benefit of ho«e desiring to w t::fS3 : ha
Inauguration of the next President of the United
Slates tbe Ea.Umore and Ohio Railroad will sell
excursion tickets at one fare for the round trip
from a 1 points on its lines In Ohio. Indiana and
Illinois. TicSeu will be sola March 1. 2 and 3,
valid for return until March 8. :-iaii;ar ticke:s
via B. and Q. B. R. will be sold by all the railroads
throughout the West. In addition to being the
>rtest and most direct line to Wasiing-.oa tie
B. and O. passes through a region of yreattr scenic
magnificence and historic interest than any in a 1
Am<rr ca. Passengers so have the option of trav
e ing v.a Akron and Pitisbnrg cr via Celi&'.re and
Grafton either going or returning. The tnrocz-h
trains of the B. and O. are TClllllllltl throughout, \4
equipped with Pullman sleepers and the d.nins- V
car service is unsurpassed. Information in detail
will be cheerfully famished upon application by
L S. Allen, assistant genera: passenzer ageut, B.
and O. R. 8,., Grand Centra: sta.ioa, ChlcajM.
• — ♦ — •
StoTJ-Over Prlriie?© at WaihlDtton.
A tea-day stop-over at Washington, D. C. is now
granted on ail through tickets between the East
and West, via Baltimore and Oh Kailroad. Stop
over win also b« granted on the return joorney
made on roond-:rip tickets within the final limit
of such Ucfettk, bat not exceeding ten
(Jays. Passengers will der-o=i: heir tickets with
the ticket agent at B. and O. R. R. station in
Washington, who will reiaia them until the jour
ney Is to be resumed, when they wl'l be made
good Jor coatinDOQS passage to destination by ex
tension of exchange. This arrangement will <Jonb
less be greatly appreciated by me traveliac public
because It wili per ml: the holders of througb Uckeu
to make a brief visi. to the .National capital w;Ui«
oat addltiona: outlay for railroad fare.
• — ♦■ — •
•' The Overland Limited "—Only Three
and a Half Dajri to Chicago.
The Union Pacific is the only liae meats* Pnll
maa doable era wine-room aod tourist sleepers
and dining-cars, San Francisco to Chicago daily
without change. BuCet, smotlns library cars,
Ogden to Ccic»to. Tickets and ste«plDs-«ar reser
vations at 1 Montgomery at. D. W. Hiichcock,
General Agent. San Fraccisco.
"M«. "Win glows soothing srrap"
Has been used ever flr.y y«ars by mUlons of
mothers for their children whl;e Teething with par
*»ct mccess. It *oo:hes the child, softens pirns,
allays Pain, cures Wind Colic. regulates .ha Bowel*
and is the best remedy for Dlarrbcßa*, whether aria
lag Jrcm tee. h'.ng or other causes, ior sale by drug
fists In every part of the world. " B» sure and ask
fox ilrs. Window's Poothlnr Sjrun. £5c a botUe,
Ccboxado. — Atmosphere Is p«rJ»ct!y dry, soft
and mild, belor entirely free from the mists cost
rnon fnrther north. Rcnnd-;rlp tickets, by »te»3»
ship, lnc!udiQ fifteen days' board at the Hotel <la!
laronado, ( 65: loncer slay «2 50 per day. JLppif
4 New st.. San Francisco.
■ » » — •
A vigorous growth and the original color given
to the hair by Parker's Hair Balsam,
Hindkrcorss, the best cure for corns, 15 cts. i
• — * — • — ; — — 1
AYKR> Hair Vigor Is the best preparation
which can be obtained for removing dandruff and
caring humors of the scalp.
• — » «
••I don't bel eve George Mayberry has been
in Cuba at all."
••Why do you doubt It?' 1
••Because he tried to tell me about 'Peenar
del Reeo.' That made me suspect him."
••Why?"
\ "I think he got the pronunciation out of the
back part of the dictionary.' — Cleveland Plain
Deaier.
NEW TO-DAY.
You can't go on losing
flesh under ordinary con-
ditions without the knowl-
edge that something is
wrong, either with diges-
tion or nutrition. If the
brain and nerves are not fed.
they can't work. If the
blood is not well supplied,
it can't travel on its life
journey through the body.
Wasting is tearing down:*
Scott's Emulsion is building*
up. Its first action is to im-
prove digestion, create an ap-
petite and supply needed nu-
trition. Book free.
•COTT * lOVVNE, ChemisU, N«w Yor*.WHIiXE'BAY .TTFKBRUAKY 17, ISB7
AMUSEMENTS.
PAi.nwix Theater -"Othello."
California Theater. — "Cinderella."
COLnMBiA Thkatkh Chlmmic Fadden. ■
Mojioscos opera-Hocse.- Outla the Street*"
Ai/\a7-ak Thkati R a Scrap of Paper. •
Tivolj Opkra Hocsk.- -Aladdin; or, The
Wonderful Lamp
oiiniKt-M.- Vaudeville.
IIKHAKics 1 Pavilion— Verein Elntracht Mas-
querade Ball, saiuraa* evening, February VOth.
Set no BATns-Bathlng and I erformances.
THJ CHCT «s AND SKATING RiNK-Dally at
Uaight street, one block east of the Varic.
LiKUJiI) Hack Track.— RacM to-day.
ALCIIO> - AL..S.
Ey Yon RiteinA Co.— Thursday, February 25,
T-fal Estate, M Salesroom, 613 California street
et 12 o'clock.
By il ADisojf A Burke— Wednesday. February
24, Heal Estate, at salesroom, 626 Market street.
at 12 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Generally fair Wednesday. Forecaster
W. H. liammon.
Lauren E. Crane, an expert accountant,
committed suicide ut the New Western Hotel.
Many offers to shoulder arms for Cuba have
come to the local league in this City this week.
Testimony has been closed in the case of
Mrs. Nancy A. Abbott against Thomas M.
Quackenbu.sb.
The nnnual election of officers of the Fire
Underwriters' elation of the Pacific Coast
Will be held to-day.
A contest to the probate of the will of Louis
11. Re tabling has been filed by the brother and
sister of the deceased.
Heartsease. Sweet William, David, Perseus,
George Mirier and Three Forks were the win
ners at Oakland yesterday.
Mrs. Kate Canevan, wife of James Canavan,
the stevedore, drowned herself during a fit ef
insanity yesterday morning.
A musical and literary entertainment was
Riven at the home 01 the Young Women's
Christian Association last evening.
The Manufacturers' and Producers' Associa
tion has taken a stand against the use of
power machinery In tne State prison.
Progress was made in tne Butler hearing
yesterday, and it is expected that the argu
ment will begin on Thursday afternoon.
The preliminary examination of Attorney
W. I). Grady on the charge of mayhem was
again continued yesterday till February 25.
The puDils of Mills Seminary held an indig
nation meeting yesterday to express their con
tempt for a fake story published in the Exam
iner.
D. R. McNelll is planning to select a cham
pion tug-of-war team to send all over this
country and finally to the Paris exposition In
1900.
The Bar Association will banquet Judee Mc-
Kenna next Saturday night. Mrs. McKenna
finds it impossible to leave this City before
July 1.
The Merchants' Association has requested
the Superintendent of Streets to see that the
names of all streets are placed on the street
comers.
The vestry end parish committee of St.
Luke's Church met last evening to consider
means of raising funds for a new church
structure.
Dr. Hart, chairman of the Committee on
Baths and Laundries, reports to the hoard of
Health that the Chinese laundries need close
inspection.
Raphael Bias, a laborer, out of wort, was ar
rested yesterday aiternoon on the charge of
forging the name of W. B. Thompson to a re
ceipt fur $10.
By the collision of an Ellis-street electric car
and a bucey near Gougn street yesterday
Frank Hermann and companion were seri
ously injured.
Miss Virginia Dusenber; and Paul Isenberg
•were married last evening at the Lu.herau
church on O'Farrell street. Rev. Mr. Fuendel
ing officiated.
Isadore Kaskell, alias Ike Kaskell, was con
victed of simple assault In Jucigo Carroll
Cook's conn yesterday. He will bs sentenced
on the 20th inst.
The Police Court Judges are scored roundly
by the Manufacturers' and Producers' Associa
tion for not doing their duty in enforcing the
pure-iood ordinance.
C. P. Harris, late stock-broter, was indicted
yesterday by the Grand Jury on a charge of
embezzlement in appropriating returns from
stocks sola for patrons.
John Pearson, 516 Precita avenue, swore to
two complaints yesterday charging Charles
Hellman with committing perjury in a di
vorce suit against his wife.
Chief Sullivan caused the ordinance to be
introduced in the Supervisors Monday to
transfer to the police the duty of keeping
clear the aisles of theaters.
The committee of the Bar Association and
the Supreme Court Justices and ex-Justices
have bean preparing the draft of a bill for the
enlargement of the Supreme Court.
William H. Brenner, who was found uncon
scious at the corner of Sutter and Leaven
worth streets Monday evening, died in the Re
ceiving Hospital yesterday morning.
The bridge-keeper at Oakland Creek failed to
open the upper draw yesterday when the
Norwegian bark Nordlyset was being towed
through, and an accident was narrowly
averted. •
It was rumored on the water front yesterdey
that the steam schooner Coquille River had
been purchased by the Hawaiian Imerisland
Trading Company, but the rumor lacks con
firmation.
The American Development Company, by
H. E. Huntington, Charles F. Crocker, Charles
G. I-athroD, C. E. Green and F. B. I'outy, has
petitioned the Superior Court for permission
to disincorporate.
The California winemen in convention yes
terday decided to appoint a committee of live
to oppose the proposed reciprocity treaty with
France in case it militates against the inter
ests of the native wines.
Martha Cozine. a girl 16 years of age, who
left her home two weeks ago and was arrested
yesterday, will be married to-day and set at
liberty. Her husband will be Manuel Mar
shall, a driver for a milk company.
Patrick Dolan was shot yesterday morning
by a man known to him as "Barney." The
deed occurred in Dolan's Market-street saloon,
and Eugene Kenney has burrendered himself
to the police as the men who is wanted.
The Grand Jury yesterday continued its
Investigation witn regard to those City and
County Hospital repair jobs that should have
been let by contract. Joe King and several of
the contractors were witnesses. The inquiry
is not completed.
Miss Mary Mocty has petitioned the Probate
Court to set aside the order lor the settlement
of the executor's account in the estate of
Thomas Monty Jr., on the ground thfct her In
terests were not properly represented when
the order was m«»de.
General Passenger Agent Goodman yester
day fixed for all the principal places of the
coast the rases to and from (arnon, where the
Corbett-r itzsimmons fight is to be held. A.M.
Ardery, who » closely connected with the
latter has been assured that switches In
abundance w 1 be provide lor cars at Carson.
xxrw to-dat:
Sum
Hill
In all the world there is no other treatment
Bo pure, so sweet, so safe, so speedy, for pre-
serving, purifying, and beautifying the skin,
scalp, and hair, and eradicating every hu-
mor, as warm baths with Cuticcua Soap,
and gentle anointings with Cuticuka (oint-
ment), the great skin cure.
Ii cold throurhont tha world. Potteb
Dr.ro * Ch«v. Corp., hole Prop«., Boston.
or " All About the Skin, Scalp, and Hair," free.
V V r. It V 111) W Hit cu «d bj Coticcka.
X* f IjIX 1 111 JlUlt cure( l bj CUTICC«A.
All nCID I Backache, kidney, and uter-
Ul! UlAIi i in«> pains, strains, muscular
weakness, relieved quick as
MY D I pV } an electric Dash by Collins'
111 1 DAOIV I Voltaic Electric Plaster*
STOCKS THAT
TOOK WINGS
In Their Flight They In
volve C. P. Harris, a
Stock-Broker.
Charged With Selling Stccks,
Keeping the Proceeds, and
Levying Assessments.
He Failed When the Market Took a
Rise and Owners Wanted
to R Iza
The Grand Jury yesterdny returned an
indictment aeainst C. P. Harris, late a
stock-broker, upon a charge of embezzle
ment.
The indictment was found upon in
formation furnished by Mrs. M. H. Bark
ley of 1312?^ Ellis street. Mrs. Barkley
is a woman of means and has a decided
penchant for speculating in stociss. She
did business in a great measure through
Harris. Harris failed on the 7th of May
last year, during a decided upward flurry
of the stock market. Mrs. Barkley says
he char-ed his suspension to the fact that
his patrons would not keeptheir margins.
She says she had the utmost confidence in
his integrity, and when he declared that
she owed him, according to his books,
$11,426 on unpaid assessments, interest,
commissions ana other charges incident
to trading in stocks, she believed him ana
felt herself partly responsible for his finan
cial undoing.
She talked about the matter a good dea 1 ,
expressing her sympathy for Harris, and
expressed the intention of paying him
$10,G0u. This came to the ears of some
who ciaime<l to know things about Harris
and they advised her to have Mr. Harris'
books exper'ed.
She engag d Frank Shay, attorney, to
iook into me matter and in a short iim j ,
to her amazement, she learned that Har
ris really owed her something like $2500.
It was discovered, according to Shay
and Mrs. Barkley. wno were both before
the jutors yesterday, that Harris had for
years b-en levying interest and assess
ments upon Mrs. Barkiey lor stocks tnat
he had long before sold. Mrs. Barkley, as
long aeo as May, 1592, acting for George
O. Davis, had deposited with Harris cer
iain valuabie stocks, among them Ophir,
Best & Belcher and Con. Virginia, of the
total value at that time of $9845. The
stocks belonged to Mr. Davis. Mrs. Bark
ley Lad become acquainted with Harris
throueh calling at his office to visit a
friend there. Harris a^Ked her to deposit
the stocks with !iim and he would find
occasion to do Mr. Davis many a good
turn through them. She finally did as he
wished.
Mrs. Barkley believed the stocks to be
still in liirns' possession, as he had
called upon her repeatedly for asscss
ruenis on them, and she had "trotted in"
with cash sums to the amount of $I*oo to
meet them, together witti interest on
back payments compounded at 1 per cent
a month.
The fact was, a« disclosed by an inspec
tion of Harris' books, that he had sold
the stocks on the very day that she placed
tti-ni in his hands. \Vnen he failed he
claimed to have neither stocts of any
kind or money. Mrs. Barkley says that a
(treat number of his patrons suffered from
l.ke treatment, many of them losing all
they possessed. His failure — or the con
fusion of his insolvency — was brought
about, she says, by the rise in the stock
market that filled his ollice with people
directing him to sell their stock. As he
had no stocks to sell — having already sold
them —he was compelled to close his
doors.
NOW THE BAR STEPS IN.
Another Banquet for Judge
McKenna Saturday
Night.
Mrs. McK-nna Decides Not to Attend
the Inaugural Ceremcnirs at
Wasbiogton.
Merrily as a wedding bell goes on the
preparation for the banquet to Judge Mc-
Kenna. The work began only the day
before yesterday, but already a deluge of
favorable responses to invitations have
poured into the headquarters of the com
mittee at the Palace Hotel.
It augurs well now that the court will
be one of the roost successful ever given
in San Francisco. An unusually laree
assemblage of Federal, State and munici
pal officials of note and prominent resi
dents from all over the State will be at
the banquet. The army aud navy will
also ue largely represented.
No estimate as to the number that will
be present can be made until all the re
turns are in, but the committee state that,
while they fully realize the number of
Judge McKenna's friemls to be legion, so
spontaneous a response to the invitations
already issued was hardly to be looked for.
The commit cc is being assisted in its
work by a corps of» young ladies, and all
arrangements will probably be completed
to-day.
More honors to Judge McK-nna are al*o
to be accorded by his brethren of the legal
profession. About sixty members of the
Bar Association have decided to tender
him a banquet next Saturday nik'ht.
Judge McKenna's wife will not go to
Washington for the inaugural ceremonies.
Though urged to do so by her many
friends in that city she feels that she can
not leave this City before the Ist of July.
Among the affairs which so imperatively
demand her presence here are the ar
rangements for the marriage of her eldest
daughter to Peter Donahue Martin.
The date of the marriage has not yet
been set, but it will probably be celebrated
before the McKenna iiome in this City is
broken up. Later on, th« Judge hiraselt
will choose a house in Washington, and
his wife will act as chief overseer in ship
ping the household eftects there.
A MYSTEBIOUS DEATH-
W. H. Brenner Found Unconscious and
Uies in the *-ecelving Hospital.
William H. Brenner, 54 years of age, up
to a few days ago a porter in Beckniann's
saloon, Bush street and Belden dace, was
found unconscious and bleeding Monday
evening at the corner of Sutter and Leav
enworth streets. He wib removed to the
Receiving Hosi ital, an»J yesterday morn
ing he succumbed to his injuries.
The old man had been drinking heavily
when last seen alive, and it is believed
that he received bis injuries by falling
from or being knocked down by a street
car. The deceased resided with his
brother at 127b Berimrd street.
Divorce* Granted.
Thomas S. Veach has been granted a divorce
from Marr L. Veach for extreme cruelty, and
Mury Silbertuan has obtained a divorce lrom
Morris Silbermun lor wllUui neglect.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1897.
The Chinese Crowded the Gty Prison Like Rats and Were Grouped in Every Conceivable
Attitude of Dejection.
MONGOLS WILL
MAKE A FIGHT
Chinese Gamblers Will Re
sist the Action of
the Police.
An Appeal Will Be Made to the
Supreme Court for Pro
tection.
Several Hundred Pagan Prisoners
Huddled Like Rats in the City
Prison Corridors.
Police Court Judge Joachimsen's pa
tience has been rattier exhausted in the
plethora of Chinese cases be:ore b!m.
There is the case of Wing Sine and
Chin Poy, jointly accused of murdering
"Little Pete," and there are the cases of 242
Chinamen arrested last Saturday night in
gambling- houses.
"It's enough to rile any Judge," said
the venerable jurist, "but I don't pro
pose to have my calendar clogged up with
these cases. I'll give them the statutory
cominuance of a couple of days and then
they will have to be heard."
In the meantime Warrant Clerk F. G.
Drury has been unable to attend to any
thing else during the past two working
days but make out 242 complaints against
the arrested Chir se, and all other ca.«cs
have had to be sent to the other courts
for attention.
Downstairs in the City Prison corridors,
where the bulk of the prisoners huve been
confined, there has been more trouble and
annoyance.
Each prisoner has a friend or two who
came to bail him out, and these must be
permitted to view the men so as to pick
out the right ones.
The consequence has been that with 242
prisoners in charge, Captain Robinson
and Sergeant Lindheimer have had their
hands full, caring also for a lew hundred
friende.
There is no use calling out names, for
they all sound alike, so when some pur
ticular prisoner is wanted the bondsman
has to be led in am ng the horde of
prisoners to pick out lih man.
It is no easy matter either 10 choose the
rignt man, for most of the prisoners are
being bailed out by the Chinatown gam
blers of high degree who would just as
soon leav- them in jail as not, excepting
that it would establish a bad precedent
and might hurt business in the future.
The prison rs lie about like so many ver
min, making themselves as comfortable as
possible on the cold stone flags. Some
lew have been lucky enough to secure
boards to keep off the chill from beneath,
and. odd to say, most of these boards are
relics of a former raid on the poolrooms
of the whites in downtown locations.
On Sunday a bail bond of $80 or a cash
i bond of $40 was required for the release of
the prisoners, but Judge Joachimeen re
duced this to $10 cash yesterday. As a
consequence but ninety prisoners re
mained in jail last night.
The Chinese propose appealing the cases
to the Supreme Court if necessary, hence
only four of them paid an average fine of
$10 yesterday morning.
MARY HATES BIG FEES.
The Sister of Them as Mootry Jr.
Thinks She Is Not Fairly
Treated.
Alleges That She Was Kept in the
Dark Regarding tha Setllem nt
of Accounts.
Mary Mootry,|a sister of the late Thomas
M otry Jr., has filed a petition in Judge
Coffey's conrt to have iet aside the onler
for the settling of the account and the dis
tribution of said Thomas Mootry's estate.
Miss Mootry complains that she was not
fauly >reated by Henry A. Crane, execu
tor of her brother's will, nor by M. Mul
lany. th« attorney for the executor. 6he
says at the time the order was made sbo
had no attorney of tier own and relied on
Mr. Chase and bis attorney for protection.
The laay avers that she is entitled to a
third of the estate, but that she has re
ceived only a small portion of the estate;
that the executor has $1000 in cash be
longing to her, ana that she wants it
rijrlit away.
In the petition filed through her attor
neys, Deal, Tauszky & Wells, she nlle es
that Executor Crane obtained $2427 fiS
from her brother's estate for ordinary
compensation and $572 32 for extraordin
ary services, whereas in fact he was not
entitled to more than $1000 nil told. Thu
executor's attorney got $2000, although
$1000 would have been ample compensa
tion.
In pressing her reauest for the vacating
of the order settling the executor's ac
count Miss Mootry says that she had no
notice of the intention of the executor to
present his account on tne date it was
offered, and was prevented irom beinj;
pre.-ent in court by the fact that the ex
ecutor and his attorney declined to inform
her of the facts though she endeavored to
ascertain thpm. She did not know the
account had been filed until three days
after it had been allowed.
A FORGED RECEIPT.
Kaphael TM:i» Secured leu Dollars aud
Was in a Few Hours Ar
rested.
Raphael Bias, who gives his occupation
as a laborer, was booked at the City Prison
yesterday afternoon by Detective Ross
Whitaker and Detective Thacker of Wells,
Fargo & Co. on a charge of forgery.
Yesterday morning Bias telpehoned to J.
O. Moitza of San Pablo to send $10 by
Wells, Farjro <fc Co.
"Who is speaking?" asfced Moitza.
"This is Mr. Tuompson," replied Bias.
"All right," said Moitza, thinking it
was W. B. Thompson, manager for H. P.
Emeric of the San Pablo ranch, "where
will 1 send it?"
"bend it to 1023 Kearny street," replied
Bias.
The $10 was sent to 1028 Kearny street
through Wells, Fargo <fe Co. and Bias re
ceived it and s.pned W. B. Thompson's
name to the receipt.
Later in the day Moitza came to the City
and met Thompson. He astei Thomp
sjn if he had received the $10 and then it
was discovered that Moitza h«d been
swindled. They *ent to Wells, Fargo <fe
Co.'sand from the description given by
the driver who delivered the $10 Whitaker
and Ttiaciter arrested Bias on Market
street.
Bias admitted his guilt and gave as ar.
excuse that he was out of work and had
no money, lie knew both Moitza and
Thomson.
« — ♦ — «
Docker; Slakes Answer.
Health Officer J. P. Dockery has filed his
answer in the suit brought, by Robert P. Cava
naugh and Joseph F. GnHagher of the Pioneer
Dairy for damages for dumping their milk.
Mr. Dockery reiterates his charge that the
milk was unfit for an by human beings.
Convicted of Manslaughter.
Martin Boyle, who killed Michael Lynch in
thin City several months Ago, wns convicted of
manslauehter by a jury In Judge Wallace's
court yesterday.
NEW TO-DAY.
§WW&^!h TIRED OF DRUGS.
lESL- d/i, t, idiXsm A RE YOU NOT TIRED 0F OVER-
H^lFwl^^^s. i^^^rS^JCT ■"- loading your t>oor stomach with drugs
ybJ£sfai?r^' WKPhSfA • %£r which have no good effect upon you?
, •'* '_' ___^- i '^ When you have faithfully stuck to a cer-
■ "'"^^pf&.^y -••^t^=ii------r^ ■ tain system of treatment for months and
1 ' months, and yet not derived any perma-
_ 1 ! nent good from it, is it not high time to
h..!7Ki« SM It ha. a pat- change? This is only the experience of
Trie sun. W$L r K^ul»tor thoU3anilS) and those who have - particle
mc suspen- ~l'q formaking the , ,  ..
sory (fr«o) for current mild or ° f courage Jeft after the experience of
men who are '$$&$ strong. po'soning the stomach with drups have
weak. v adopted as a last resort Dr. Sanden's Eleo
trie Belt. And it has not failed them, for it has cured thousands who had not a par-
ticle of laitb in it to begin with, but only tried it because they knew they must try
something or sink into despair. How grateful they are for their cures can be learned
from reading their letters.
NERVOUS DEBILITY.
SAN FRANCISCO, Cat. December 8, 1896.
PR A. T. SANDEN- Dear Sir: At the time I bought your Be I was so nervous and shaky that
I could not do any work without feeling perfectly exhausted. I bad wflat Is called nervous debility
from excessive drinking and nexuul excesses. I was prac i.ally on my last legs. My powers w. re all
gone and I was satisfied ibat I was a wreck. I had spent over $.SOO for medicines, without theslight-
<■-■■ benefit, when I was advised to get your Bell. 1 felt an improvement as soon us I commenced to
wear it. 1 continued sic (lily improving, until now 1 feel as stronsr as I ever did in my life. I feel
very grateful to you for what your Bel; has done forme, and shxll cheerful! - recommend It to any one
in like condition. Yours truly, H. KNOWXTOV. 821 K»arnv streeu
Besldence, 219 Teha ma street.
You, who feel the weight of this fact In your own case; you,- who have almost
wrecked your health with the taking of noxious drugs, and who have nearly lost all
hope of regaining tne power of manhood; you, who are sick and despairing, cannot
you see in these letters which we publish daily a ray of hope for yourself? It is the
boundless work of nature that appeals to you and offers to give from her stores Elec-
tricity, applied by an intelligent physician, Dr. Sanden, to renew in your body hope,
strength and manhood.
• Read Dr. Sanden's famous book, "Three Classes of Men," if you cannot call and
talk to him. It iB free, sealed, by mail. It may restore your future happiness.
JS-A.2XTX33E33NT ELECTRIC CO.,
632 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
Office hours— B A. M. to 8 .30 P. M. ; Sundays, 10 to 1. Los Angeles Office 204 South Broads
fray; Portland, Or., 253 Washington street.
KOTJi.— AUte do mistake la the number— 638 Market BtreaU
-
SULLIVAN'S MEN
MUST FIGHT FIRE
And the Police, He Says,
Should Keep Theater
Aisles Clear.
Firemen Cannot Do That Work
and Also Perform Regular
Duty.
Explanation of the Ordinance Which
Was Brought Before the Super
visors Monday.
Chief Sullivan of the Fire Department
Inspired the ordinance which was pre
sented for adoption to the Supervisors by
Supervisor Britt Monday aiternoon, in
reference to tne use of police to keep clear
the aisles and lobbies of theaters or other
places of amusement during performances.
Heretofore this duty has devolved upon
the Fire Department.
"I have not thought out how many po
lice it will take to look out for the thea
ters and prevent overcrowding and so on,"
said Chief Sullivan yesterday. "I think
that about ten men would be sufficient.
There are enough men in the Police De
partment to do the duty and who can be
used for the purpose without interferinc
with the general routine. Very likely
officers on the beat could be used to pre
vent overcrowding ana the tilling up of
the theater aisles.
"The point is that people should be pre
vented from sitting in the aisles. It is
easier to stop this at the opening than it
is to move people after they have located
themselves for t:>e evening. It ought to
be plain enough for any one to see t , at it
is impossible lor one of us to be in a thea
ter and know of the alarm on the outside.
We simply cannot aitend to both duties,
and under the present arrangement we
mu<t slight one duty or the other.
"The proposed change, provided for in
the ordinance, would not change the rela
tions of ihe Fire Department in case of a
fire, as a ma-.ter of course. Then we would
have charge of the building. It is impor
tant that we should do tire duty; it is also
important that the law intendet to avert
danger by the overcrowding of any theater
should bo observed and enforced. The
plan that is set forth in the ordinance
seems to meet ihe requirements of tha sit
uation. That is all there is to it."
MINERS IN FAVOR
OF MEDIATION
The Debris Dam Deadlock
May Possibly Be
Broken.
The Miners' Association Trying
to Reconcile Senate and
Assembly.
Frank R Wehe's Compromise Resolu
tion of Request to tie Upper
Hous?.
At a meeting of the executive commit
tee of the Miners' Association, neld last
nieht in the rooms of the Union League
Club, the bill now pending in the Senate
appropriating $250,000 for tne construc
tion of debris dam- wa9 discussed.
The Senate and the Assembly are at log.
gerheads about some of the minor pro
visions of the bill, and there nre fears of
it n< t being patsod at all. The meeting
of the miners was to endeavor to effect a
compromise and make sure o' getting the
bill through at this session.
Senator Voomeis was present to repre
sent the wishes of the Senate in the mat
ter, and Assemblyman T. L. Ford was
spokesman for the views of the lower
house. Senator \Y. F. Prisk, who has
charge of the hill in the Senate, was also
present, and Judge P. D. Soward, who
controls it in the Assembly.
An amended bill was sent up from the
Assembly, and the Senate, being dis
sati>tied with this, has passed a subst»
tute bill, of which the Assembly does not
approve.
The Assembly wants the Debris Com
missioner appointed lor four years, with a
salary of $300 per month, and a secretary
to assist him. They wish him empowered
to examine and report upon all the
engineering work done and proposed.
The Senate objects to the lour years'
term, thinks the salary too high and the
secretary unnecessary. The members op
pose the powers conferred upon the Com
missioner and think it would be so offen
sive to the United States Engineers that
they would not submit to it and the Na
tional aid would be withdrawn. After a
long discussion it seemed thai no agree
ment conld be effected between the oppos
ing representatives of the two houses. At
ias>t Frank R. Wehe, a member the Miners'
Association executive committee, intro
duced a compromise resolution that passed
and happily broke the deadlock. It was
as follows:
That this committee recommend that the
Assembly bill for the appropriation of $250,
-000, passed by the Assembly and now pend
liiK in the Senate.be amended in the Senate
so as to Mgree with the substitute to Senate bill
No. 109, entitled "An act to provide," etc., ex
cept that the act provide for the appointment
of a Debris Commissioner for four years in
stead ol two yean, as provided lor in the Sen
ate substitute.
After referring some minor matters to
the committee on legislation the meeting
adjourned.
TO ERECT NEW CHDEOHES.
Congregational Church Extension So
ciety Elected Directors Last Evening.
The Congregational Church Intension
Society of San Francisco and vicinity, an
organization having for its object the
prosecution of church extension. City
missions and any other work in the inter
est of Christianity, held a meeting in the
First Congregational Church last evening
for the purpose of electing officers for the
coming year. The society is anxious to
provide a site for one or more new
churches and will endeavor to raise $-3000
within the next thirty days for that
purpose.
Preceding the election of officers the
members of the society were banqueted
by the ladies of the First Congregational
Church. A laree hail on the lower floor
of the church was converted in'o a ban
quet-room and prettily decorated for the
occasion. After an hoar's dining aud con
versation the society took up the matter
of election and the following were elected
directors: J. L. Barker, J. K. McLean, C.
L. Brown, \V. \V. Scudder, J. H. Uoodell,
George C. Adams, E. E. Hare, William
NEW TO-DAY.
Schilling s Best Blend is
exquisite tea ; but it may not
suit your individual taste.
If you don't Hke it get
your money back (of the
grocer) and try another
flavor; Japan, English
Breakfast, Oolong, and
Ceylon.
A Schilling & Company
San Francisco 633
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEAKNY AND WASUINOTON BT3.— RB-
modeled am] renovated. KINO, WARD A OCX
European plan. Kooms 60c to $1 50 per day, 41
to $8 per week, $8 to tM per month: free tatilu:
Lot and cold water every room: tic* grate* 14
•very room: elevator ruiu alloixat
HEW TO-DA.T— AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUS2
iin».KBN rsuNh. Ivrkt.i>ti. Proprietor ..t Mannar
THE SUCCESS OF SUCCESSES!
TO-Itf IGST
MO- AT 8 _**
ALADDIN,
Or, TUX WONDERFUL LAMP.
The Latest Sensation. \
"LaDanso dcs Flour* Klectriqaea!"
NOVJSL SPECIALTIKS. ;" ;
IN PREPARATION
GRAND DOUBLE BILiLj !
"PATIEXCE'^'GALATEA."
Popular Prices 25c and sOc
DACING! RACING! RACING!
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB ■
WINTER MEETING, 1896-97.
Beginning Monday, Feb. 8, to Feb. 20, Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Kaclug Monday. Tuesday, Wednesday,
Mliursday, Friday and Saturday.
Main or shine. '
FIVE OB MOKE HACKS EACH DAT.
Knees Start at 2:15 P. M. Sharp — .
Ferry Boats leave !*an Francisco at 12 if. and
12:30. 1 .00, 1 :80, 2:00, 2:30 and 8 p. m.. connect-
ing with trains stopping at the entrance to track.
Buy your ferry tickets to (-hell Mound.
Returning— Tr»lns leave tbe Track at 4:15 an!
4:45 X". m. and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR, iTeildenfc
R. B. MILKOY, becretary.
SUTRO BATHS.
Open Dally From 7 A. <l. to 6 r. 01.
Swimming Season 1897.
Batnincr, Including Admission— Adults
25c. Children «Oc.
i General Admission, 10c; CuilUrcni 5c
NEW TO-DAY.
I 8100 d... : :
I Bubbles. |
{ l v
|i) . Those pimples or blotches V
<| that disfigure your skin, are ji
1 1) blood bubbles. They mark <![
<[<> the unhealthy condition of the <|>
]>) blood-current that throws them (<\
<§ up. You must get down to $>
,') the blood, before you car. be <[
• 5 rid of them. Local treatment >\>
<[> is useless. It suppresses, but <!
])S does not heal. The best rem- ?
,[> edy for eruptions, scrofula, (l !
|J) sores, and all blood diseases, is V
I Ayer's |
I Sarsaparilla. |
Racier, W. W. Wikoff and L. L. Wirt. Rev.
\V. W. Wikoff was elected president of
the society and Rev. L. L. Wirt secretary.
J. L. Barker started the extension fund
by subscribing $1000. Cards were passed
around, and at ilie end it was found that
$1500 had been subscribed. This will ha
used to purchase a site lor a park church.
At present Congregationalism residing in
the panhandle district attend divine
service In a little iiall at the corner of
-fell and Baker streets. The hall is un-
comfortably small, consequently the ex-
tension society is gratifying at being able
to construct a church in the neglected
district in the near inture.
• — * — •
Caught In the Act.
Officer Ellis and Special Brommage arrested
James Hunter and Edward Leeds on the ferry-
boat Oakland last evening for picking a
lady's poctet. There have been a number of
such larcenies lately, nnd the two officers
were detailed to investigate. They caught the
men in the act. Tne prisoners are well known
to the police. They hud secured n purse with,
some small change and a Lady's Loyal Legion
badge, and they were charged with grand
larceny.
KEW TO-DAT- AMUSEMENTS.'
BALDWIN THEATER.
4lili»)iA.\iCa (Incorporated) Fropri«<Kt
THE EMINENT ACTOR, MR.
LOUIS JAMES.
TO-NIGHT (WEDNESDAY) and Sunday.
OTHELLO!
•"'.i .-._,, Thursday, ♦• HAMLET "
Friday Night and Saturday Matinee,
••MY LOUD AND SOMii LADIES"
Saturday Night (by Request),
JTjrUITJTS CAESAR,.
ra'-KTEJXT MONDAY!
3 TVEKKB, MAT. SATURDAY ONLY.
JAMES A. HERNE
as NATHANIEL BERRY in
" SHORE A.CHX3S!"
Direction HENRY C MINER.
Seats Heady To-Morrow (Thursday).
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
At Hayuan <t Co. (Incorporated) Proprietors
TO-NIGHT AND ALL THIS WEEK.
And Mod., Tue3. and Wed. Kvenlnsts Next Week,
TWO JIAfINEKS
Mat. Sat. and Washington's Birthday.
"OUR LIITTL.B' 1
CINDERELLA
COMPANY.
Introducing a galaxy of Child Actors and Act-
resses. A series of Startling and Amusing Special-
ties.
NEW AND GORGEOUS
SCENERY, COSTUMES. EFFECTS.
Prices, 25c to Si. OH.
A good reserved seat on lower floor 50c.
t«ICDLAnatR.OOTTLOD*o>- UJStSAnDrwiAiWi--
THE i DON'T
LAST WEEK ! | FORGET t
CHARLES HOPPER
And Hid lever company In -
"GHIMMIEFADDEN"
Every Member of the Original Company and
. All the Faultless Stage Effects.
Next Monday FANNY RICE.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
Thursday Afternoon, Feb. 18. at 3:30,
SECOND SYMPHONY CONCERT!
55 MUSICIANS-, — -
Directed by GUSTAV HINRICH3.
TWO GREAT NOVELTIES !
Suite for Strings, including Harp, '-Low* Stories,'*
by Krug. i-.hupsodie Espaguol. E. (.'babrier.
Meats Now on sale— soc and $1.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WALTER MOBOSCO. ..Sole Lessee and Man *;=>-•
FIRST PRODUCTION ON THIS COAST
Uf the Thrilling Comedy-Drama,
OUT IN THE STREETS!
By S. N. Wood, Author of "Ornhans of New
York" and Other Great Successes.
A PLAY FULL OF KXCITEMENT!
Many New People ! All New Scenery!
Wonderful River of !■'. r > !
New Specialties, New Songs, New Dances
tvcrln? Prices— ll>c, ~.'>c and ". « :.
Slatineos Saturday and Sunday.
MATINEE TO-DAY (Wednesday).
Parquet, any seat, i2sc; .Balcony, any sea;, ljj.
Children, 10c, any part.
THE FINNEVa, Champion Swimmers; HAVES,
LVTION A It AY KB, In a "French Carriage";
THK PAMZEHB, Funny Demons: THE
KEnFOS, Aerial Artists; tbe OKASU
OPEKA QUARTET, riritl.lt
Abb off, Miss Cottk and Miss
Bi.mi. and Numerous Novelties.
Concerts oy the Hoyal Hungarian Court Or-
chestra Immediately after thu evening perform,
ance in the Orpheum Annex.
■ I AB ■Sfl P)l Another Record-breaker!
11l I.AXfIK A Tacked House Altai n
MlwUWfcWlßl Last Mght I
SARDOU'B GREATEST COMEDY.
A^CjiAP OF PAPEiU
Everybody Delijhied! So Don't BUM It!
HUGO TOJLAN D, J. B. POLK aad the Entire Co.
Our Kegular Prices!
Telephone for seats— Blacic 991. r. '':'■ 'v*
MECHANICS' PAVILION.
THE EVENT OF THE SEASON.
PRIZE MASQUERADE BALL!
YEREIN EINTRACHT.
Saturday, February 20, 1897.
350 Costumed People in Grand March.' Five
Beautiful Tableaux. Five Divisions. Twenty-five
I ady Amazons. I. round and Ladder Pyramids l>v
24 At hie es. Grand Klectric Calcium. Licht
Effects- Prizes to the value of 9500 will be dis
tributes. Reception Concert from Bto 9 p. m.
ADMISSION, ONE DOLLAR.
Reserved Seats 50c extra.
GOLDSTEIN & COHN, 822 -Market street.
THE CHUTES.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING
BRESINO, Wire Walker, KOSK AND GAY
Aerial Acrobats, the ANIMATOSCOPEand
a Host of Attractions at Klcrhi.
ADMISSION 100 CHILDREN 5«
78
FERRIER BADLY
BEATEN BY DAVID
Could Never Get Within
Hailing Distance of the
Gelding.
The Talent Received Some Aw
ful Setbacks at Emeryville
Track.
Scotch Rose F.nishei B yond the
Money— Gorge Miller Wen at
Fruitful Odds.
Of the niar.y upsets that occurred at the
Emeryville track yesterday tbe defeat of
Ferrier by David was the most surprising
as well as startling. Tnere was a finish to
the Wawekus gelding's style of going that
has not been heretofore apparent. He
skimmed along through the soft and
oozy going as though he had at la~t found
his native element, and Ferrier never got
close enough to him to tell his color. The
pair met in an owners' handicap at a
mile, along with Joan and Mahogany.
David had up ninety pounds and was
piioted by young ClawFon, while Mr.
Hunn's hor6e was ridden by Tod Sloan
and carried ninety-eight pounds in the
saddle. Ferrier was the hottest kind of a
favorite in the betting, his admirers
quickly forcing the odds down from 7 to
10 to 3to 5. Seven to five was laid atra:n>t
David at the start, which price ia:er
lengthened out a shade. The race is easy
of description. David sailed to the front,
flattered Ferrier once by daking him
think tbat he was backing up, and then
drew away again and won by as far as he
wanted to, reaching the judges' stnnd ten
or twelve lengths ahead of the favorite in
1:44. Joan came in later, and shortly
after Mahogany was scratched off the
missing list.
This is not the only dump to record
over the day's sport, which it might be
appropriately from a bookmaker's point
of view. The dumps were many and it
might be safely predicted that had any
one of the many hundreds of racegoers
returning to this side from the track been
unfortunate enough to fall overboard off
one of the ferry-boats, the unfortunate,
after sinking, would never again have i
reached the surface from the weight of
losing pool tickets on iiis per«on. The
prevailing shower* kept the track muddy
and greasy and one after another hot
favorites w>-re tumbled over. It remained
for Three Forks to take tne concluding
event, starting a lukewarm choice.
Fourteen "crabs" started in the open
ing six-lurlong dash with no pronounced
favorite in the betting. At the end
Heartsease, a 10 to 1 shot ridden by Pig- J
fjott. won ea3iiy by four lengths from |
Monitor. O'Fieeta with Marty Bergen un !
was a ciose tnird.
Al Stemler's filly, Scotch Ro=e, consid- i
*>red one of the cinches of the card, was a ;
3 to 5 chance to win the live and a half
lurlong purse that was next decided. She |
ran out in the lead to the stretch and then ]
nassed it up. Sweet William, at odds of j
4 to 1, then took command and won easily !
irom Naranja, a 4 to 1 shot carrying the
Baldwin colors.
Pat Dunne never does get very long odds
apa^.«t his horses, and Benamela was no j
exception, going to the post a 9 to 10 !
choice for the mile and a furlong selling
affair "vith a field of live starting. Perseus,
the 9to 5 second choice with Sloan in the
saddle, led him from the jump, passing i
the stand three lengths clear, with the j
favorite an eased up second to front of j
Foremost.
Tbe local favorite, George Miller, was i
more successful at his second essay this j
season. With "Skeeta" Martin up, he was i
as gpod as 8 to 1 in the betting on the fifth
event over seven furlongs, and leading
throughout, disposed of Caliente very
handily at the cud by a length in 1:32.
THE "CALL" RACING GUIDE.
r ALIFORM A JOCKEY CLUB. Onkland Racetrack. Tuesday. February 16. Forty-seventh day
v ol the Winter Meeting, 1896-97. Weather wet. Track muddy.
The 7to 5 favorite, Torsina, was a hard
ridden third.
A very cheap band of "dogs" furnished
the betting proposition in the last race of
the day, a six-furlong Bprint, decided
under selling conditions. The winner
turned un in Three Forks, which receded
in the betting from Btosto 11 to 5, lead
ing Ike L, a 20 to 1 shot, out by live
lengths, with Banjo capturing the show.
•
NOT*>.
Pat Duune disposed of Formal yesterday to
Gene Leigh at the reported price of $800.
Bourbon was a bottled up tip In the opening
event that failed to come through.
Joe Piirgott rode Heartsease ie clever fash
ion, and may again regain his old winning
form.
La France failed to materialize at the post,
and was ordered scratched by the judges, all
money bet on the race being refunded.
Old Logs n made his first appearance In the
fifth race, but was not handled to the Dest ad
vantage, and canied away no part of the
purse.
Following are to-day's entries:
First race, purse, seven-sixteenths of a mile.
619 On Qua Mia. ..110 Sadie bchwartz. 105
.... I has. Label.... low 642 Lona 51»ri-? 105
511 Old Jack ICO 642 Roxey Murpby.loß
642 Rosa ICO! 642 Stoic... 105
64-' Hermoso KB Extempore 105
642 Jllchae: 10s|
second race, selling, three-quarters of a ml'e.
541 Nuncomar 100 555 Imp. .MWtral ILICS
616 Klxire 98 ; 512 Ba»quil 110
641 9<J9 108 s'_'6 Arr. 110
522 The slnaer 107 &-0 Alaian lU7
522 Etta II 107 .... Yerba iiuena... 105
540 Lost Girl 105
Third nice, rain or shine, two miles, purse $500,
match race.
651 Morte Fonse...loß| 545 Schiller. 106
Fourth race, selling, one mile.
5.'4 1-oriß Lady 87: 548 r.on<Jrunm>r....lo7
472 Thornhlll 102 < herrystone . . . 97
CiiiQ f»rrie U 87 Kcfcert 104
434 Coda 92 552 W»i|« J 102
538 Two Cheers.... 94 j 5&3 Moylan 107
Fifth race. seven-eighths of a mile, Shell Mound
handicap, value $1000. t
91 Hoiore tO (544) Tea Rose. 1 109
.... Croy<ion 85 541 Woodland Belle 95
520 Roseile 86' 417 Hanneita. 94
631 Torpedo 96 007 Lincoln II 102
539 Sea if pin... 115 600 '1 be Tourist 90
(6U7)Caspar. 115 Grace F 85
sixth rare, handicap, oni and three-eighths
miles, hurdle.
474 Hello 150 530 Auteui1. ....... .135
647 Zaragosa 125 Diclc O'Malley.l37
529 Krdulngion ....140 (629)(501d Dust 150
517 Herman 12."> 628 Joe Hill 126
414 M. Apollo 1. Ti
SELECTIONS FOB TO-DAY.
Firat race — Hermoso, On Ova Nlta,
Lona Marie.
Second race— The Sinner, Arrezzo, Lost
'Girl.
Third race— Blorte Fame.
Fourth race — Moylau, Two Cheer*,
Walter J.
Fifth race— Rose Stable, Caspar, Scarf
pin.
Sixth race— No selections.
SIX HOMES WRECKED.
Half a Dozen Suit* for Divorce Were
Filed ivn iilav.
Six more homes have been wrecked.
Six more households are darkened with
the culmination of marital storms and
disagreements. Six suits for divorce were
filed yesterday.
Tbe names of the unhappy people are:
Columbia Lemieux against Ambrose Le
mieux, for desertion; Maude Myers
against H. H. Myers, cruelty: Dora E.
Bdllard airninst J. P. Raliard, failure to
provide; Elise Johannsen against Arthur
F. Johmuisen, negioct and desertion: Ida
L. Ronguy against Paul Roncuy, deser
tion; Mary O'Connor against Jerry O'Con
nor, cruelty.
This brief record comprises within small
compass an amount of life mi«ery that
can scarcely be estimated. Each case
represents a marital tragedy than which
nothing; eartnly can be more bitter. With
out doubt marriage bells rang merrily at
the outset of these ventures in tbe matri
monial lottery. The end is somber, en
tailing the contention of lawyers, orders
for alimony, delays of officers of the
courts, finally reachins the saught-for re
lief expressed in a decree ot divorce, fol
lowed almost invariably and usually quite
speedily by the remarriage of one if not
both of the parties to the separation.
• — ♦ ■»
Thomas P. Maddrn'a Will Probated.
The will of the late Thomas P. Madden has
been admitted to probate by Judge Coffey on
the petition ol Mrs. Frances C. Kinzer Davies
and Miss Fanny &t. George Davies, who are
given the whole estate, share and share alike.
The properly isestiina-.ed to be worth $60,000.
• — ♦ — »
Divorce Suits Filed.
Suits for divorce have been filed as follows:
Amelia O. Knie against Louis Knie, for deser
tion; George C. Brown ajalust Kate Brown,
for desertion.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1897.
WINEMEN OPPOSE
A LOWER TARIFF
They Will Also Guard
Against Reciprocity
Treaties.
Their Convention Warmly Dis
cussed These Matters
Yesterday.
A Committee Appointed to Act in the
Interests of Ca ifornia
Growers.
Some of the most representative wine
grower* and dealers of California met in
convention this morning, under the
auspices or tne Collego of Practical Viti
culture, for the purpose primarily of dis
cussing the pending reciprocity treaty
between the United States and France
and of determining the advisability of
taking action in opposition thereto, as a
measure calculated to injure the wine
industry of this State. The result of the
convention's deliberations was a resolu
tion empowering the chairman to appoint
a committee of live to look alter affairs in
I Washington, in conjunction with the
Eastern representatives and to take the
necessary steps to oppose reciprocity in no
far as it is likely to injure the State
i wine industry. The State Legislature will
also be icquested to loivrard resolutions to
Washington and 10 see that tho interests
of the wine-growers are properly repre
sented. An amendment was addt-d to the
foregoing, to the effect that in view of ihe
fact thai the liner and older varieties of
California wine are seriously suffering
under the present tariff regulations, this
committee should ba instructed to
earnestly advocate a judicious increase in
the present schedule of our wine tariff.
Among tne memlers present were the
following: Arpad llurasztuy, Charles A.
Wetniore, Clarence Wetruore (represent
ing the L-ivermore Valley interests), John
Swett, Mr. Croft, William Scott, A. fcbar
boro, A. P. Hayne of the State University,
P. Duvauz of Mission San Jose, William
Palrntag of Hoilister and tho San Bemto
County region, B. H. Upham of Contra
Costa County, E. P. Sagar of the Eisen
Vineyard Company, Emil Gamier of Emil
Gamier & Co., P. T. Morgan of the Cali
fornia Wine Association, Charles Bund
schu of the Gunrtlach-Bundscliu Wino
Company, J. J. Jacobi of Lathman &
Jacobi, Peter ot the Santa Cruz
wine depot, K. W. Lominer of St. Heleno,
K. Jordan and R. Jordan Jr. of Napa,
Paxton ol Sonoma.
President Arpad Hara-'zthy called the
convt-ntion to order toon after 11 o'clock
yesterday morning in the Chamber of
Commerce hail, and briefly explained the
object of the gathering as staled above.
•It has been rumored," he said, '"and
you have no doubt seen some blight inti
mation in the newspapers that such a
treaty was about to be established, and
that Eastern importers would derive some
benefits tuerefroru, together with a casual
inference that the wine industry of Cali
fornia would suffer by the admission -jf
French wines at much lower figures tiiun
heretofore.
"This rumor has beer, confirmed by pri
vate letters from the East, stating that ac
tion is about to be taken by large canners,
such as Armour, for tha purpose of intro- I
ducing t; eir canned goods into France.
Alter having considered the->e matters, it
is proposed to deal with the subject of
bottling in bond. It has been suggested
that we shoud have some representative
sent East, and I itiso hog to state tbe ad
visability of either raising or maintaining
the present tariff on imported wines. I
would line to hear from gentlemen pres
l ent on these subjects."
Charles Bundscher said he would like to
know whether tho convention had any
other than newspaper information to pro
ceed upon. Some of the local papers had
contended that the old tariff schedule of
40 or 50 cents should be reinstated, while
others urged that the present rate should
be sustained.
J. J. Jacobi said that he bad received a
letter from Congressman Loud, i;i which
he stated that nothing had been done be
yontl the committee's recommendation
that the old McKinley tariff should be re
established. As far as reciprocity was
concerned they had heard nothing from
Washington to lead them to believe that
any decided action had been taken.
Secretary W. Scott informed the con
j vention that he had a letter from the Wine
I and Spir.t Traders' Society of New York,
in which he was informed that reciprocity
would be supported, and that the present
schedule of 30 cents for dry wines and 50
cents for sweet wines would be main
tained.
The chairman pointed out the necessity
for immediate action, as the Congres
sional committees were now hard at work
on tbe reciprocity question.
J. J. Jacobi here moved for the ap
pointment of a committee to cuard
against reciprocity affective tbe wine in
dustry of the State. He suggested also
j that this committee of two or three
! should have power to delegate Us func
tions to others. People like Jacobi &
Browfeldt ot. New York had access to the
Ways and Means Committee; they were
continually posted, and should the neces
sity arise they could be In Washington in
ten or fifteen hours. Mr. Jacobi did not
consider it wise to expose their hand in
ibis matter in the presence of the pre*s.
Mr. Bundsch believed they all op
posed the scheme of reciprocity, if con
ditions wore offered to Western packers,
under which they could export their
meats to Europe, while the wine growers
here were sacrificed. But did the conven
tion desire to favor un increase in the
present tariff, or did it consider the pres
ent duty satisfactory ? He thought that
the committee sugeested by Mr. Jacobi
should enlarge its scope so as to include
! the whole question of reciprocity and
tariff.
Mr. Jacobi, however, would not accept
the amendment for the reason that under
j the present tariff they knew they would
not be injured to any deadly "extent,
though tome might tbink it advisable to
restore the duty to what it was a few years
aco. But Mr. Jacobi held that it was a
bad policy to go into battle with divided
forci-s and hp, therefore, wished to leave
the tariff auestion entirely in tbe back
ground. Reciprocity was such a serious
menace that tuey could not afford to bur
den themselves with any other business.
If the Ways and Means Committee gave
'them a 50cent duty, or should the com
mittee leave it at 30 cents, none of them
would, be seriously injured.
John Swett considered it advisable to
appoint a committee for one specific pur
pose, but did not think the convention
should dodge any issue. Personally he
believed the tariff was as high as it should
be and that they could uo fairly well
under it, though a higher tariff might
benefit them temporarily. A second com
mittee should be appointed to consider
this q;ios;ion.
W. Wehnicr said be had thought that
when they voted for McKinlev it was on
the assumption that tho tnriff would not
be lowered. It would certainly be ■ bad
thine; to have both McKinley and a lower
tar ff. [Laughter].
C. A. Weiruore earnestly contended tbat
the convention should stand by its agree
ment with the New York Wine and Spirit
Traders' Society at the time the tariff was
last adjusted. He expressed himself in
favor oi reciprocity, though it might be
well to define the kind of reciprocity they
wanted. But he did not see any harm in
Chicago trying to extend the market for
canned goods to European countries.
To-day they could not export one gallon
of spirits to France because there they
had two tariffs— a high one applied to the
world generally, ana a. low one applied to
those countries which treated them well.
Suppose Congress was asked to empower
the Government to add 50 per cent to
every item in the tariff and 25 per cent on
the free list to the country which did not
place the United States on the footing of
the. roost fnvored nation? Then France
• might bo expected to extend to us the
privilege we do not now enjoy.
Mr. Jacoby asserted that California only
accepted the 30-cent duty as a compro
mise. The convention was not opposing
general reciprocity, but merely wine re
ciprocity, nor did he see why ihcy should
be sacrificed upon an altar of Illinois
canned goods.
At Mr. Morgan's suggestion several of
the winemakers present spoke on the
question. P. C. Rossi said that the large j
major: of winemakers desired an in
crease In the tariff. lie informed the con
vention that he was able to state authori
tatively that California wines could not
realize a high price because Bordeiaise sold
in New York at 55 and 50 cents a gallon
and a certain prejudice existed in its
favor. In the face of these condition?, a |
short crop here calculated to raise the
price of native wines 5 or 10 cents a gallon,
would immediately brine them into com
petition with Spanish and Italian wines.
Mr. Palton expressed similar sentiments
on behalf of Sonoma County. Mr. Crabbe
called attention to the manufacture of
spurious wines in Eastern vineyards, and
added that if the 50-cent duty were re- j
stored it would be necessary to have a
pure National wine law in order to derive
any great benefit from it.
Mr. Rossi said that the only reason why
artificial wines were not consumed in
greater quantities was because people
were able to discriminate between them
and the purer varieties, but that wines
could be manufactured with sugar at half j
the price of those manufactured with i
grapes here, and that manufacturers us.
sugar would certainly make more when
the duty was 50 cents than now when it
was 30. But under a duty of 50 cents the i
higher class wines would bo better pro
tected and the cheapen varieties would be
regulated by competition. In Italy the
law proposed to include the wines manu
factured with raisins as belonging to the
artificin 1 category.
Mr.Sbarboro provoked Mr. Bundschu's
indignation by affirming '.hat the wine tar- j
iff question was decided at the time of the !
last election, and that many wine-makers |
on the Democratic side of the house voted j
for McKinley for that reason. To reverse J
that decision and declare tnat they wished
matters to remain as they were would be i
ridiculous. Mr. Bundscbu held that far I
greater issues were involved and, reverting j
to the subject under discussion, advised the
trade, while holding fast to what it already
had, to ask for more.
Ha moved therefore that in view of the
fact that California wines are seriously
suffering under the present tariff regula
tions the committee be instructed to
earnestly advocate a judicious increase in
the present schedule of our wine tariff.
This was carried with the understanding
that the committee consist of five mem
bers, who will be named by the chairman
in the course of a few days.
The secretary before the convention ad
journed explained the bill recently intro
duced into Congress by Evans of Louis
ville on the subject of bottling in bond.
The bill provides that any distiller with a
certificate of twenty bushels capacity of
grain shall have the right to bottle his
whbkies in bond practically under the
samo regulations as those under which
whiskies are now bottled in Canada.
The legulations respecting brandy will
drawn up by the Commissioner of In
ternal Revenue. This law does not pro
vide for the blending of different ages,
and th* distiller can only reduce in-proof,
without adding color, nor can the product
of two distilleries be bottled.- A vain-at
tempt was made a year ago by Mr. Evans
to Ret the privilege of blending altered.
The convention, however, did not act
on the foregoinc, and adjourned sine die.
THE ABBOTT AGREEMENT
Expert Kytka Says Her Mar
riage Contract Was
Fabricated.
Hi Agrees With Experts Ames and,
Cavalho in Regard to Erasures
en the Pfpers
T. Kytka, an expert in photography nnd
handwriting, gave some strong testimony
in J udge Seaweli's court yesterday against
the claims of Mrs. Nancy Abbott to be
tbe wife of Thomas M. Quackenbush, an
aged capitalist.
Hr. Kytlca swore that in his opinion the
so-called marriage contract between Mrs.
Abbott and Mr. Quackenbush was a fabri
cated document. He said that the paper
bearing Quaokeabush's genuine signature
had formerly contained some other writ
ing which 4iad been erased and that the
so-called contract had been written over
tho first writing.
Another paper on which Mrs. Abbott
placed great reliance was designated as
the Thanksgiving acknowledgment of
marriage, which read as follows:
November 30, 1893,
Took my ThanKsgivin? dinner with tuy wife
to-day. There Is no place for me like home.
May the Lord spare us to have many dinners
together, [signed.] N. a Quackenbush,
T. M. Q.
This was by Mr. Kytka declared to be
al«o in the nature of a palimpsest. He
said that he could detect some of the orig
inal words with the naked eye, and when
he applied the microscope he couid clearly
discover that the original date was April
instead of November.
According to Mr. Kytka's opinion the
work of erasure had been performed with
an ordinary rubber eraser, and he drew
attention to the "woolly" appearance of
the surface of the paper on which the dif
ferent contracts had been written. He
thought the signatured by Quackenbush
were genuine, but that when written they
were appended to orders for merchandise
and the like, as ho was able to make out
parts of words that would indicate such
to be their nature. Mrs. Abbott admitted
that the contracts were written by herself,
so tbe logical conclusion, if tbe erasures
had been made, was that she or some one
in her interest had done the worK.
Experts Ames and Cavalho of New York
examined these disputed documents some
time ago, and gave it as their opinion that
they were false and fabricated, agreeing
substantially with the theory advanced
by Mr. Kytka.
The taking of testimony was declared
closed, and argument by counsel will be
beard next Tuesday.
OEANE TOOK LAUDANUM-
An Expert Accountant Who Was Oat of
Work Killed Himself.
Lauren E. Crane, a son of '.he late Judge
Crane, who was for some time in the
newspaper business in this City, commit
ted suicide on Monday night in his lodg
ings at the New "Western Hotel. . . - - .
• Crane had been employed for some time
as an expert accountant, but business was
poor in his line and he was frequently in
arrears for rent. When the employes of
the hotel went to his room yesterday
morning he was found dead in bed, an
empty laudanum bottle showing the
method he had selected to escape poverty.
— • — — • : — -••
TO CUKE A COLD IN ONE DAT.
Take laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All drug
gists reiuna the money if tt iail* to cure. 2dc.
JUSTICE GETS A
CHANCE AGAIN
An Agreement That Will
Hasten Her New
Hall.
Raver Says He Will Have the
Debris on the Site Quickly
Removed.
Architect Shea and tin Supervisors,
Tired of Waiting, Force a
SudJea Move.
Work on the Hall of Justice may now
proceed. The Buildings Committee of
ihe Board cf Supervisors met yesterday.
The chairman of the committee is Super
visor Sheehan, whose brother-in-law, Mr.
Buckley, was on Monday appointed sup
erintendent of construction on that baild
i ing. Before the committee yesterday
appeared "Jake" Raver and Architect
Frank Shea. Shea had caused Mr. Raver
to be called to do something to speed him
in the clearing away of the debris from
the site upon which the new building will
stand. This purpose was accomplished,
I for before Kauer left the committee-room
i he had signed a document of which the
j following is a copy :
San Francisco, Keb. 16, 1897.
In consideration ot the material received ol
the old City Halt building and the contract
made with the Mayor ol said City and County
to tear aown the said building and remove ail
the material from said lot, I hereby aninorize
the architect, Frauk Shea, to remove all the
dirt, debris, brick or other material from snld
lot, and that all expense incurred in the per
formance ot said woric will be mot and paid by
me on demand of said architect.
J. J. Raver.
Raver, It wiil be recollected, secured the
material of the old City Hall for $600
| with the agreement that he should re
move ail the debris and all the old build
ings from the site, leaving a clear site for
the new building. The old City Hall was
torn down and the debris accumulated up
on a solid concrete floor. Instead of tirst
carting away tho debris, the contractor to
whom Raver had sublet the job pulled up
the concrete in great blocks and moved
that.
Some time ago Architect Shea wanted
to view the foundations of the old buihi
inp, and secured an allowence of $100 from
the Supervisors to dig a trench all around
NEW TO-DAY.
OUR PRICES WILL BE SO
jj^^ff^^^feffl Bjfe^lP^p BSS^SSBB IDBhBBBuESSBEEB B9BSIHBB9E PSlft^k
THAT EVERYBODY CAN AFFORD
TO GET A NICE NEW
f\(\ lcce P ure White English Ware. 3.50
*J" Complete for 6 persons. Quality warranted very best *-* ppete et
f\f) P iece Light Blue Spray Decoration. ,4/75
"" Complete for 6 persons. Quality warranted very best ■" p Zt
fjfl piece Beautiful Wild Flower Decoration.
"" Enameled gold handles and gold trimmings. A perfect K»5O
gem. Complete for 6 persons. Quality warranted best pe a
800 Cc Pure White English Ware. K.OO
* ■ • ■• ■ Complete for 12 persons. Quality warranted very best p a
100 Cc Li^ li Blue ray decoration. -f.50
IVY Complete for 1 2 persons. Quality warranted very best ■ pe t a
100 tece Beauti f ul Wild Flower Decoration.
■ VFV/ Enameled gold handles and gold trimmings. A" perfect ft«so
gem. Complete for 12 persons. Quality warranted best pc / rt
A Very Large Variety of the Newest Shapes, Richest and
Prettiest Decorations in DINNER SETS.
This Week's Prices Enable Everybody
to Get a Nice New Set at Our
MONEY /. SAVING .\ STORES.
Great American Importing Tea Co.
140 Sixth Street. iA fi w-»«. c. . '
1344 Market Street. i+O Ninth Street.
1344 Market Street. -».o •«,.„. c . .
,-in'u"- . c , - * ■■- ,*•<>. Third Street.
25.0 Mission Street. 2008 nt " c« •
Sl« i >Tl< * 965 Mark Street.
52? Mnlt cct * a 3006 Sixteenth Street.
521 Montgomery Avenue. 104 Second Street.
333 Hayes Street. 3285 Mission Street.
; OAKUND STORES:
'.3? 3 a p h M 9l ! 0 Street ' 6f6 Eas * Twelfth Street.
131 &,n Pablo Avenue. 917 Broadway.
1355 Park Street, Alameda.
HEADQUARTERS-SAN FRANCISCO, 52 MARKET SLRIET.
the inner edge of the walls. This brought
to light the large amount of work vet to
be done in the removal of the buildings.
The contractor for Raver, slowly plodding
along tiled ut> this trench and this some
what exciied "Architect Shea. The next
move was to bring Raver before the com
mittee and try to have the work accele
rated and also to have ■ complete job
made of it. With Raver was the con
tractor.
Raver protested that he was not re
sponsible for any delay and said that he
would just as soon have a hundred m< n at
work. Ho also promised greater haste.
Architect Shea reminded the committee
tnat Mr. Raver had made similar pronv
ises before and requested that he sham*
sign a paper. Ti>en Clerk Russell of the
Board or Supervisors drew up the paper
already mentioned, to which Rai:er at
tached his signature, saying that he was
suited.
Architect Shea was suited and ao was
the committee, which was a happy condi
tion of affairs all round. The salary of
the new Snnerintendent of Construction,
which is $250 per month, will bejsm as
soon as construction is actually begun.
There will be a lively scratching of dirt
from now on.
NO ODD PELLOWB IN LINE.
Lodges nnd Encampments 'Will Not
Join the Gnldon Gate Carnival.
There was a meeting of representatives
from the subordinate lodges, encamp
ments and Rebekah lodges of order of
Odd Fellows in Old Fellows' Hall on
Saturday night.
Grand Secretary Qeoree T. Shaw pro
sified and the several representatives pre
sented the views of the bodies they repre
sented in the matter of taking part in the
Golden Gate Carnival celebration.
It was proposed to have an O.id Fellows'
day on the 2Gth of April, the anniversary
of the founding of the ordrr, and the
proposition was laid before the carnival
committee. That body announced its
willingness to do all it could in the way of
courtesy to the order, but found upon con
sultation that the dale named could not
be designated as "Odd Fellows' day."
Tuis bavins been reported to the various
bodies it seemed to have had its effect,
for when the roll was called it was found
that fourteen sut.ordinate lodges, three
encampments and one Rebekah lodge
were opposed to tukin^ part in the carni
val, that live subordinates and Rebekah
lodges were in favor of the proposition
and that tnreo lodges were willing to go
with the majority.
That put a stop to any further action in
the matter, and the committee adjourned
sine die.
Bau Away From Home.
Ett» Mulcahey, 13 years of age, living on !
Federal streat, and Kate McCarthy, 14 years
old, living on Frederick street, ran away from
their homes on Monday, and yesterday they
wore found tn Vallejo by Constable James I
Blessington, who at once sent word to the So- !
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children i
in tn s City, 'i'he society ?ent for the young- I
sters, and when they were returned they were I
piftced in the charge of the matron at tiie City j
Prison, pen'l ing a decision as to their fi *ial dis- '
position. The girls have caused considerable 1
trouble by running away from home.
ket TO-DAT.'
.RHEUMATISM. "
t«f!r? yon S Ehe "niatism'Cure is guaran-
if.™ to cure acute or muscular rbeuma-
'™.. ln «°™ one to live days. Sharp,
?n«n l R h Pains 13 an y Part of the body
n£?« P LS a few doses A prompt, com-
pete and , permanent cure for lameness,
or ;" cs ' sll « bacK and all pains in hips
f,?mi no hr ° nic rhe °matisni, sciatica,
in«s S v T ? mm the back are speedily
« ;,i H domfaiia t0 Rive relief from
one or two doses, and almost invariably
i gjg Si 0 6 on * bottle has been used.
MUHYON'S
Improved Homccorathio Home Remedy
Company put up a sep.,r a t c cure for ea h
disease. At all druqgi 3l » m m tiv "^ ♦
Guide to Health free " m ° 3tly " 5 ceat3 «
Personal letters to Prof. Munvon lVtt
Arch street, .Philadelphia, a . t we Sd
with free medical advice lot any a! S.
tt«^ hmbjbj h<°n£ s tfr-? )ookfrw! * itil
fr^^lTf r>-*T_j»?SMfc^_ Wonderful Cur'-
Send to Someone with Cancer
\\i Dr. Martin's j
1 in PAIN CURER I
I ji Of the Age I
A preventive and cure /or J'.heu- /
mutism. Neuralgia, Paina in Gen- )
eral, Dygpepsis, Sore Throat,
Pneumonia, Nervous, Liver and <
Kidney Complaint*, Backache, (
Burns, Swellings, Colds, Coughs. )
Colic, Cramps, Sprains, Bruises, (
Wounds, Indigestion, Skin IMs- V
eases, £xcessive Itching and )
many other complaints. c
Price: 25c, 50c, $1 Per Bottle. >.
L. CALLISCH, Wholesale Agent for >)
the Pacific Coast. San Jose, Cal. ))
1 ? For sale by all druggists. The tr«ide >)
I ( supplied by Rediugton <fc Co., Mack & ?{
I(I Co. and Langley «L- Michaels, San Tran- }\
0 Cisco. A
L. A.Bertellnsr. I'rea. H. Nordman. Vlce-Prea.
A. W. Kirk, Sec. Jos. A'ordman, Treat.
427 KEARNY STREET
WILL REMOVE TO
16 KEARNY STREET
THIS MONTH.
: — : — ; — : . . . . . ..
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
TS A POWERFUL APIIUODISIAC AND
X specific tonic for the sexual and urinary orifam
of both sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of
the kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative
Invlgorator and Nervine. Sells on its own Merits-
no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NAIiKK. ALI'S & JiKCJMi, Agents
333 Market St.. S. F.-(Send to" Circular)
vmm ffcpn |||/n
ELIXIR OF %&S^i%JW%s
The pur» essential extract from the native draff. Con-'
tains all the valuable medicinal properties of OpiuM
without !ts noxious elements. No sickness cf stomachi
ao vomit Jig ; no ;no headache. All Drup^i ta,
TJIE.
WEEKLY
C^LL
01 It Publishes the Cream of th»
« News of the Week and
MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
o< ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°\ IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
OC PAPER ON THE
Of PACIFIC COAST
q) Always Republican, but Always
3 Fair and Impartial in Its
& Rendering of the Po-
l itical News.
a It's the Paper to Send East if
cJ It's the Paper to Send East if
q} You Want to Advertise
o/ California.
H \ /" —
°\ The Best \ / Mining
©< Telegraphic \/ News That
©/ Service on /^\ Is Accurate
3 The Coast. / \& up to date
3 / \
°{ Not a Line of it Sensational
°\ or Faky, and Not a Line of
°\ it Dry or Uninteresting.
*j A PAPER FOR THE COUNTRY FIRESIDE.
/) j Bright, Clean, A Champion of
CX Thouzhtfu!. Truth.
O< A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAP£B
J ALL THE TIME.
°) IT ADVOCATES SENT BY
C< HOME MAIL, 51.50
<J INDUSTRIES A YEAR. ■
5 THE CALL SPEAKS FOR AUTHE UNEMPLOYED MAY RAISE
VEGETABLES ON VACANT LOTS
Hundreds of Deserving Idle Men Now Eager to Do
Anything to Earn a Simple
Livelihood.
• Several Plans Suggested for Re- j
t- lieving Their Pitiable
Plight.
THEY WANT WORK, NOT ALMS.
•.]
..Big Mass-Meeting V sterday—Collec
: ' tions for Temporary Shelter ■
..• : • Begin Day.
: ' This City is now confronted with the j
' -urgent and serious problem of finding j
._ work for a large number of deserving per- \
■■ . sons who are out of employment and are }
, eager for an opportunity to earn a livirg.
:"•; . Ti.ree possible solutions are suggested.
' ' One is to adopt the so-called Pingree ;
.. p an, very successfully employed in recent •
•years by Mayor I'ingree of Detroit, by i
■. *hich vacant city lots, through the privi- i
J :e accorded by their owners, are given |
A; er temporarily to the unemployed to be |
• used as vegetable gardens. Another is to j
. . provide a regular municipal fund, to be !
" used in carrying on public works. An- j
■:"'. other is to adopt the Australian plan !
• ' 0! rinding men work in the placer mines. |
Still another in to form agricultural colo- ;
'.' nies on tracts of cheap land in far out- j
lying districts of the State. And another
•■ yet will be forthcoming before some \
••definite action is taKen to-morrow by the
: . -conference, to be held in the Mayor's i
•c-ffice.
:. JSi- Mayor Sutro said yesterday that he '
: . . heartily indorses the Pingree plan as one i
". of practical value to the City, where ail '
the land on the peninsula can be made to ;
.produce vegetables. He cited tne cases of
.'ltalians to whom he has rented a large '
■number of acres, and who, he is assured, j
. are making a very decent living from
■ '•their vegetable gardens.
'■;; ' The use by the unemployed of vacant
.; land within a city is not, he said, a propo
•fs-ition peculiar to the East. He himself
.'.advocated it here about eight years ago.
:.v "What I have long contended for," de
clared Mr. Sutro, "is the establishment of I
} )- a public fund to be expended annually i
-'•Upon works calculated to improve and i
: bearutify the City. Let it be a ball million
doHarj.the first year. It might be in- j
y.. creased later if necessary. Let only the j
• unemployed be given this public work.
• "It is" not right — it is not humane for !
.-. This City to permit men and their families !
■-. . .to suffer for food. Tnere are people starv
ing, here, and I know it. During the last
" • fejv.months that I was in the Mayor's of-
V lice I received hundreds of pleas for work ,'
■ ■ ajid.'for assistance. Some are impostors, I \
• know, but many are deserving and want
■ .nothing^ but a chance to support them
,■ Eeftes. . . » •
V | "A work that could be undertaken by (
L. H. REICHLING'S
WILL IS CONTESTED
Allegations by a Brother
V- and a Sister of the
: . . Testator.
■.
••" Bitter Attack Made on Miss
'. ; •• . Lillie H. Theurkauf, the
• : . - • • Residuary Legatee.
It Is Asserted That She Induced the
. ■• Old- Man to Falsely Believe She
«'• : Would Marry Him.
■
■''•■•'' ■ !
; : ; '..Albert H. Reichling and Mrs. Bertha
•Martins have filed a notice by their attor
•'■ neys, Adams <fe Adams, that they will con
..' test .the probate of the will of the late
•■ .Louis P. Beichling.
• ''. The estate thus placed in dispute is
; valued at $100,000, and according to the
' ferrns of the will the greater part of the
:.' property is devised to Miss Lillie H.
" Theurkauf, who was in New York City at
.° /«-&e time of the testator's death, but who
.■'|£ - "ince returned to this City.
■ -'Iho contestants are the brother and
... •Bister of the testator, Louis F. Reichling, .
and claim that they would have been more
• liberally dealt with if his mind had not
. been" .unduly swayed by others, and par
. ticularly by Miss Theurkauf.
In support of their position in this re
gard, the contestants have presented a
.' document giving their side of the ques
". tion. Primarily they assert that at the
time decedent signed the instrument
which purports to be his will he was not i
of. sound or disposing mind. Then follows |
.• this statement:
. . In September, 1895, the decedent became i
•M-riously and aangerously in, suffering
(among other ailments) with an enlargement ;
. ot the spleen and liver, and he also had '
' . typhoid pneumonia, in consequence of which, !
he wa* confined to his bed until about the '
•■' 10th of November, 1895.
• Continuing from that date to the time of his j
death, on i lie 24th of January, 1897, said tie- !
i ■ dent suffered ■ continuously from the dis- !
'• easel mentioned, from the effects of which he !
. Dually died. Kver afer he arose from his bed •
of sickness in November, 1895, /ie was con- '
. Ur.-uously abnormally morose, irritable, im- j
' l>ul live arid capricious and groundlessly ms
-1 'clous of thoiMJ around him. He suffered
■irom loss of appetite, insomnia and from
. . v «&ue fears of purely Imaginary evils.
Such* mental and physical conditions, the !
• contestants allege, affected his mind to such i
«ii extent that he was not on the 27th day of j
: Jane, 1800, the date of the will, capable of <
■ making a valid will.
Then is presented to the court the
.second allegation in the contest, being in
••. BVbstance as follows:
<|At the time of the making and signing of
tf.d will the said decadent acted under un
tsue influence and misrepresentations, In this,
'to wit :
That one Lillie 11. Theurkauf, for long time
prior to the date of the sinning of tsaia will,
had implanted in his mind a belief that she
would eventually become his wife, whereas,
on the contrary, she did never intend to
marry him, and only induced him to believe '
6ne would marry him for the sole purpose of I
unduly engrossing his thoughts and unduly I
influencing his mind generally In her behalf. ;
The contestants in coitc.usion ask that !
| the City and that would give employment
! to hundreds of men would be a permanent
seawall along the ocean beach as an im
provement and protection to the whole
west side of Golden Gate Park.
"European cities have been made beauti
ful by work put upon them, and there is
no reason why San Francisco may not be
when only a little tax upon the property
owners would provide tic public improve
ments, and what is most important, pre
vent deserving people from starving for
the want of a chance to earn a bare liv
ing."
Labor Commissioner Fitzgerald pro
poses to find work in the mines for the
unemployed of this City.
"The solution of the problem of the
unemployed," said he yesterday, "lies in
taking advantage, of the mining field. It
would not be necessary to raise any large
fund to do this, and the Labor Bureau
and Mining Bureau, by co-operating,
i could attend to all the details of placing
; the men. The Mining Bureau has Held
surveyors at work, who could give infor-
I mation as to the best locality|for the men,
and my office would attend to the rest.
Since I opened the free employment
j bureau I have sent over 10,000 men into
the country and all have raised their own
I fares. It has at times been necessary to
J get reduced rates for them, but they were
1 never found destitute.
"I think there would be no trouble
I about sending them to work in the
| placers. I have been instrumental in
; placing several men at work, and they
nave done well. There are claim-owners
I in the mining districts who are very
j anxious to get men to work them and ask
in return only that the men sell them
1 whatever gold may be taken out at $17 an
! ounce. Chinamen have lor years been
making a good thinn out of the placers.
I had opportunities in the Mint to see the
results of their labors, even on placers
that had been worked and abandoned by
white men, and know what can be done
there.
"The mining field here is the proper
one to do such work in, as the farming
business is overdone. Tiie employment
of men in that way would be a good
thing for the State, as it would give per
manent employment at fairly good re
turns to a great many more men than
corporations. Should this idea be favor
ably received I can send a party of twenty
DECLARATION OF THIS CITY'S UNEMPLOYED.
The San Francisco unemployed, in mass-meeting assembled, yesterday after
noon adopted the following as a preamble to their constitution and by-laws :
"It is our determination to stand shoulder to shoulder in a compact and orderly
organized body, to obtain employment at a compensation sufficient to keep a
family and to avoid falling back a dead weight on the community, as it is our desire
not alone to provide temporary subsistence for the unfortunate and starving people
in the City, but principally to endeavor to put them in the way of obtaining some
thing tangible and. lasting in the shape of eroplojraWßt* »o as not to be calling for
help again in a short period of time."
the will be refused admission to probate
as the will of Louis F. Reichling. deoeawd.
Miss Thenrkauf, who *as in Judge
Slack's court with her attorney, « x-Judze j
John F. Daris of Araador County, was
quietly attired and is a modest-appearing,
good-looking voting laay. She is a cousin
of the deceased and it appears has been
residing in New York City for nearly a
year and was residing there at the time
the will was made. Another cousin of the
d^cea^ed, named Cornolia, who is also a !
cousin of Miss Tbeurkauf and resides in >
Cincinnati, is also a iegatee under the j
will, but no mention of her is made in the j
contest fiied. The brother and sister,
who make the contest, were left a large
estate by their father a short tiiue before
the death of their brother.
When asked for a statement of the other
side of the case the young lady's attorney
declined to discuss the matter. "The
allegations in the opposition are beneath i
contempt," said Juuge Davis, '*and are
merely another instance of the inability of
relatives to respect the wishes of the dead
when in his will he leaves his property
where his heart dictates instead of to
themselves. 1 '
■
WIFE MUKDER AT MAZATLAN.
The Mrxican Official* Believe That the ;
Husband Flctl North to This Hty.
According to advices received by the
' last Panama steamer, the Mexican officials
i are on the search for a man, F. Hermanns
by name, who is supposed to have re- j
! cently murdered his wife in the outskirts j
1 of ihe town of Mazatlan, and who is sup- :
! posed to have fled to either this City or
i New York.
The vict:m of the tragedy is supposed
to have once been Miss M ouldern. a
! former California girl. Some years ajro !
I she drifted on the stage in Portland, and ;
i there met Hermanns, who represented
: him«elf as the outcast son ol wealthy
parents.
! Tne couple upon arriving in Mazatlan
; took up their residence in a small cottage, '
about seven mile* from the town. For a
I time they entertained lavishly. Her- i
i manns disappeared from his usual haunts
| suddenly, and after a time the officials I
made an investigation.
j Upon breaKin X into the house they
; found the wife s remains on the bed In an
j advanced state of decomposition
I An effort was made to locate the bu«
--i band in vain. The Mexican police
learned that he came north and rumor
baa it that they learned that he was;
I seen m this Ciiy about a month ago.
NORTH PAOIPIO ELECTIONS.
Jesno W. Liliemhal W,, Mad* D i rector I
I and A. Markham Vice-p r^i),|«-nt
The annual meeting of the officers and j
I directors of the San Francisco ana North '
Pacific Railroad was held yesterday, i
Jesse W. Lilienthal was elected director
to take the place of John L. Howard, end !
A. Markham was made vice-president, j
succeeding P. N. Lilienthal. A. W. Fos- 1
ter was re-elected as president ami general i
manager, and Jesse W. Lilienthal was
i continued a* general counsel.
The directory stands as follows: A W !
' Foster, A. Markham, P. N. Lilie'ithal" '
i George A. Newhall, Jesse W. Lilienthal' !
i A. Bore! ana J. B. Stetson. '
"No other business was transacted "
said President Foster; "we took up noth
ing cUe, and when we were through with
the election there was an adjournment."
Ex-United State Senator Dolph in Town j
Ex-United Slates Senator J. N. Dolph of Ore
eon arrived here yesterday and is at the Pal- i
ace. lie said that he had come down in con- i
nection with some cases in the United States i
Circuit Court and would remain only a day or I
I two. He did not desire to say anything about
j the Oregon struggle over the senatorship.
XO CUIvK A COLD IX O.NK DAY.
Take BromoQuinine Tablets. Alldrug
; Aiuud tne money uit UiU cur*. A)c '<
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1897.
lor forty men out within forty -eight;
hours."'
The unemployed have no definite plans
as yet. They are willing to do anything
that will provide continuous employment,
j but they are emphatically opposed to be
ing made objects for temporary charity
from societies providing food and shelter.
They do not wish to be placed in the cate
gory of alms-seekers. They want work.
A mass-meeting, attended by over 300
unemployed men, was held yesterday in
the Turk-street Temple. The situation
was discussed and several addresses were
made by persons interested in helping the
unfortunate men.
A commodious building on Howard
street that had seemed within their reach
as a common shelter and co-operative
economical boarding quarters was, upon
special investigation by Chairman Lef
! iingwell, found unrentable for the pur
pose because of the objections of neigh
boring property-owners.
During the absence of the chairman for
I an hour while investigating this proposeu
j shelter J. Fabe acted as temporary cuai/- |
i man. Addresses were made by Delegate i
i Alsop from the wageworkers of New
Zealand, by Rev. J. E. Scott, by E. J. 8a
• vilie and by J. Fabe, Jones, O'Shea and
others of the unemployed.
Alsop, citing the process of a similar
movement in Auckland, New Zealand,
suggested that the execuive committee of
the unemployed pursue the co-operative
plan and ask also that the City give the
organized unemployed tue preference as
workmen upon all public contracts. Such
a scneme would free these poor men from
the necessity of competition witn persons
in a less distressiue position and would do
away with a hopelessly unemployed class.
The sense of the meeting was expressed
I as strongly opposed to accepting tem
j porary relief from any charitable organi
| zations. The men seeking honest wor.'cdo
i not wish the movement to degenerate into
i a system of soud kitchen relief. They
want a chance to earn their food and to
earn it not only now but during some time
to come. A constitution was adopted eai
i bcdyine these sentiments.
After the meeting the executive com
| mittee decided to issue propsr credentials
! to persons that will begin to-day to collect
j from private persons contributions of old
bedding, old clothing, dishes and like
articles to be used by the men as soon as
i a temporary shelter shall be provided
| whero they may begin housekeeping on a
i cheap co-operative plan,
Peisons having things :o contribute are
i requested to notify G. B. Wright, secre
! tary for the unemployed, 117 Turk street,
j stating their name, address and what they
; wisD to give, so that it may be known
j whether or not it will be necessary to send
the wagon for the contribution. In any
event persons are warned against giving
: to men not possessed of properiy indorsed
I certificates from the secretary of the an
! employed. *
A part of Mayor Phelan's cash contribu-
I tion of $2cO was spent yesterday upon ten-
I cent-meal tickets, which were issued to al
| leviate the immediate sufferings of the
, very hungry, penniless men.
CARSON RATES
ARE NOW FIXED
Those Who Want to See
the Big Mill Can
Figure on It.
They Can Now Tell Exactly
How Much It Will
Cost Them
A M Ardery Arrives From Carson
and Arranges for Sidetracking
In Pullmans
General Passenger Agent Goodman of
the Southern Pacific oas completed a full
list of rates (mm points in California to
Carson during tne battle between Corbett
and Fitzsimmons. He has also made
rates for Portland, Ogden, El Paso and
other places. The rates, aside from the
round-tnp rate of $16 40 between San
Francisco and Carson, as hit' erto pub
lished, are in almost all cases new.
"To Carson and return from San Fran
cisco," said Mr. Goodman, "the rate will
?tand at $16 40.
"From Sacramento the round-trip rate
will be $12 40, from Monterey and Santa
Cruz $2u 40, from Los Angeles and San
Bernardino $:0, from Mariccpa $43 65,
from E! Pauo $55. from Oj{dens3tf 40. This
last is not the basic rate, which I have no
doubt will be arranged. Tuis will be $35.
The rate from Portland will be $42.
"As for tlie railroads East which desire
to co-operate with us, we have received a
proposition irom one line which would
make tne rate from Chicago to Carson
and return $84 80. Another line offers a
rate of $76 50, which is a little more than
one far^; $75 50 would be one 10 Carson.
"However, nothing is settled yet. Other
propositions will be received, and we will
near the arguments of different kinds.
"As to tlie many Pullmans that have
bnen reported engaged, some of them
have been really engaged and some not.
The best way to engage them is to pat up
the money, or else they may find when
they want them that somebody else has
got them."
it is said that twenty Pullmans, each
capable of holding twenty-four persons,
and the whole with a capacity of 480 per
sons have been secured by different par
ties from ihe Bouihern Pacific Company.
The supply of Pullmans, it is believed,
will be too light for the demand. For
over a week the road has been collecting
the Pullmans that conld be spared from
various places in the "West and on the
coast.
"Every little puny station is telegraph
ing and wanting a Pullman," said Mr.
Goodman. "From one place the other
day we got an inquiry asking what rate
we would give for forty peopls. I have
no idea they oan get fifteen there.
"It is very important for us to know
whether Stuart is going to give this
three days' tournament at Carson in con
nection with the big right. If he can get
his talent together, and it is known in
lime, probably a goou many would re- 1
__ r^_ ..,.,..„_,_ KEVT TO-DAY— DBT GOODS.
REDUCTIONS WMS:. best posted on real values
Tl^o+ \\7'l! WILL BE MOST ASTOUNDED at this week's
1 nai Will tremendous reductions, for SPRING IMPOR=
ASTONISH TATIONS are so crowding us for room that
c , A D EVERY PIECE AND YARD of Fall and Win-
£>nrewa DUyerS. ter Goods MUST BE cleared OUT AT
ONCE, consequently the final days of our Great Sacrifice Clearance Sale
resolve themselves into THE GREATEST CUT-PRICE CARNIVAL OF
THE AGE, our sole aim being
1 TO FORGE OUT EVERYTHING WITHOUT DELAY!
■ : j ■ ft
CO! OPFH 122 nieces 37-INCH; CII \T 30 nieces BLACK SATIN ! jl/l PM> C 75 dozen MEN'S HEAVY I I H\JPI\JC We have a | <, vc
tULUKCU, FANCY MIXED >IL.IV BROCADES.medium and j iVltllM J? PULL-FINISHED MER. |LI 1> tfN c nave always
ni?P^^ DRESS GOODS, r\np>T large designs, regular I W/PAD INO SOCKS, with double j I lIVJPJIVC P nded in our Linen
l^l\.«-«»^»-' stylish colorings, | VJl^tlT 1. value 85c a yard; f*(\ n " C/\K. spliced heels and toes, | ■--• C, iX O. business because it
GOODS. fine value for 50e a Clearance Sale price OUC in assorted colors, regular price -JOl has bien laree and sati'sf.ctorv to
ance Sale price yard; Clear- 20C 25c a pair; Clearance Sale price.. I^2t our customers. There is good reason
an cc Sale price uO\, >:;--. .-■ . our customers. There is good reason
20 pieces 24-INCH BLACK for it. We choose our goods from
heavyT regular value' $l o0 r a ©1 AA 38 dozen MEN'S UNDYED SANI- . he best European makers, and
113 pieces 40-INCH HEAVY ALL- yard; Clearance Sale price.... §1.00 Y HI^f N S D W D ° R %- E U 9 - ■ atld ' e them at a <*** * Profit. That
WOOL DRESS GOODS, in checks, . Sa^an^thorou^lv shrunk,' ' S f ™.% "k c °""dent we can'give,
mottled, boucles and ti ureM. good 35 pieces BLACK BROCADED good value for $1 25 each; Clear- H~ at all times, best values, largest vari-
va ue for a yard ; Clearance O^ DUCHESSE. rich, handsome ance Sale price .; tuij eties and good satisfaction. For this
bale price *jv\j deeiL-ns, regular value. $1 50 a©IAA | week a few extras.
yard; Clearance Sale price «pl.Ul/ i .
91 pieces 43-INCH FINE ALL- CAPFS LADIES' DOUBLE UN lON L BEI) E EGYPTIAN CO?* 1 BLEACHED DaMASK, 5S inches
WOOL HIGH-CLASS FRENCH CrtrC^ CAPES, in black : criTIT- TON TTNI VttV w^f. a new line of patterns; this 99] „
FIGURED SUITING, extra value jackets. only, raadeof plain : SUIT^. S2 nect Sm« sleeves' ift fill yard - c
lor *1 ayard ; Clearance Sale prica OiJC •! /* WIN. C I J>. Cheviot and neatly ankle , th Sav^^S, worth
Sale price . . Each OMij- PURL LINEN DAMASK, soli 1
weave, 63 inches wide: this week A
52 W^J?i T -w 50 ' I^Tv I 4 , ALL O ' V r", O L ' LADIES' JERSEY RIBBED a < yard OUC
SSSH^ . lA 7 AL ., STORM SADIES' TWO-TONED ASTRA- UNION SUITS, high neck
SERGL. value lor $1 a yard; fr~ p KHAN CLOTH CAPES, lined long seeves. ankle length, war- . ,, Trio^ r v,.,^,.,.
Clearance Sale price DDL witn si iif serKei jro , l!? and ranted two-thirds wool and A CLOSELY WOVEN BLEACHED
storm collar .edged with blacK ) non-shrinking, natural color ) ,. J ?" LINhN 3-4 NAPKIN
Thibet fur. former price $10 G»/» or \ worth $2 50 a suit, on Special ©1 OA * inches square); Special this Cj iIX
each; Clearance Sale price.... V^'"^ i Sale at ... «J)l.ol/ week... dozen V ■»••-«-
47 piecps 43-INCH ALL-WOOL /
rRAn^^^XTH^-ovi^v" LADIES' TAN. KERSEY JACK- j l . BLEACHED HUCK TOWELS.
snrnxr ]?twt rsorfn?y^ tl ,- ETS> half lined wuh Bilk ' CORSETS ' s -«^-" nice ..borders, siza . 19x37 inches 51.35
fl and ?l *£Tv£d- Cll'JXrZ & Blashed collar lnlaid with vel - COP SFT S LADIES' SATEEN ...dozen &I.DD
1.1? J?ri;i y * tltarance 7nP vet « fly front !or mer price tUK^CIJ, CORSETS, extra
bMo price lUij $1250 each; Clearance Sale ©7 tA f nP^FT^ iou « waist > hi^ or . .
price S>«.OU vU^C IJ. bust, two side CHECK GLASS LINEN, 18 inches
Llr steels each side, handsomely embroi- wide, Irish make, the 10c a yard ni
dered with colored silk Hossing. black grade; this week 3 price ... . I2C
RI ACIf 25 Pieces 39-INCH BLACK \C lIV 50 dozen 5 and 7 HOOK I and drab, regular price $1 50; (It -I i\i\
DL./\V*iV ENGLISH MOHAIR, ! IVI FOSTER KID on Special Sale at .\...'5>l.UU
fiOnn^ worth 60 ° a yard, will (11 OVFS GLOVES, colors and > .- . . -,_ JUSTOPFNPn Th»
KWJVJUZ}* be closed out at Q- n VJL.W V CO. black (odd size,). WASH OFfcNfcD-The
♦JDC slightly imDerfect, worth regular $1 50 . rAAf . . choicest lines of FINE
Sale price * ****'' " nCe 50C IFM RPOI» CAMBRIC GUIPURE ! UOODS. PRINTED DIMITIES,
50pieces BLACK ENGLISH STORM M price — J *j\jyj niVIDKUI- EMBROIDERY, reg- FRENCH ORGANDIES SCOTCH
SERGES. Mohair finish, in three HPPIP^ ular Drice 10c a yard ; DD |M TCni * m. frc cm.'i .cv ncn
different wale;-, regularly gold for -A !98 dozen 4-BUTTON GENUINE UCKICO. Special Clearance POINTED LAPPETS, ENGLISH PER-
-76c a yard, will be closed out at... OUC FRENCH KID GLOVES, em- Sale price . .. t_ CALEs, DENTELLE FRANCAISE,
— broidered bucks and large but- — ° C AMERICAN BATISTES, Etc.. in rich.
tons, colors tan. mode and ' AAIbRICAN BAIISI ti>, ttc, in rich,
2 cases ENGLISH CHEVIOTS. 58 brown, also blacK, regular CAMBRIC GUIPURE EMBROI- stylish and exclusive effects, and at
inches wide, regular value $150 a HX n P rice $1 50 a pair; Clearance <$-| aa \ DERY. regular price 20c a yard •1 n prices almost as low as the common
yard, will be closed out at 100 Sale price ; $I.UU Special Clearance Sale price.. ....' IUC fabrics.
iff iff Murphy BuHding, / {/J Wlurphy Building, / Murohv Building, / Ml/MuraVw Building, /
I Market and Jones Streets. Market ana Jones Strega Market and Jones Streets. Market and Jones Streets.
main till Sunday or Monday. The bin
contest takes placft on Wednesday."
A. M. Ardery. who has been with Stunrt
at Carson for several days past, hns re
turned here and fju erday called on Man
ager Fillmore. He wantei to arrange for
all the I'ul.man trains to go straight to
Carson and be switched there on side
tracks. Considering this in the nighest de
cree necessary for the comfort of those
who were to go he wanted to know if it
could be done.
Mr. Ardery was at once assured that it
could not only be done bit would *>e. It
is the idea to run the cars over the Vir
ginia and Truckee track from Reno to
Carson, a distance of thirty-on^ miles.
The Reno and Truckee conductors and
brakemen will take charge of the trains on
their arrival in Reno, but the original en
gineers will continue with the trains.
The Virginia and Truckee track is said
to be strong and the curves all right for
any cars, however big.
PASTORS' STANDING.
Cona;reipatlonalist« Disrnsn With What i
Denominational Itmlv the Minis
terial Position Shall Rest.
An executive session of tho Bay Ai«o
ciation was held yesterday at the First
Congregational Church, the subject under
discussion being the question of whether
the standing of Congregational pastors is
to rest with the Bay Conference or the
Bay Association.
Rev. Dr. ilallock read a paper, the ob
ject ot which was to prove that the minis
terial standing should be held in the Bay
Association, as it is a body composed of
ministers exclusively, whereat the Bay !
Conference is composed of ministers and j
two lav delegates from each church.
Dr. Nash read a paper showing that, ac
cording to Congregational u»age, the pas
torn' standing should rest with the con
ference.
In the discussion most of the pastors
took the view upheld by Dr. Nash. The
papers had been so lengthy, however, that j
the conference adjourned without arriving
at any decision.
The tallowing pastors were present:
Rev. Dr. Hall, Rev. G. C. Attains Rev.
Mr. Bailey, R«v. Mr. Galloway, Rev. W.
Dixon, Rev. \V. H. Cross, Rev. E. Sara
togay. Rev. H. H. Wikoff, Rev. C. F.
Nash. Rev. Dr. McLean Professor Lloyd,
Dr. Hal lock, Dr. Willey, Rev. W. Craw
ford. Rev. Dr. Moar, Knodell, Liens.
Anderson. Philip Coombe, Professor P.
H. Foster, Rev. B. Hatch, Rev. B. f.
Perkins, Rev. W. C. Pond, D D., Rev. J.
Cruzan, D.D., Joseph Rowell, W. W.
bcudder.
CANVASSING FOR FUNDS.
Meeting of th« Vestry and Parish Com*
mitten of .St. Lukv'oChurrh
The vestry of St." Luke* Episcopal
Church met in joint session with the com
mittee recently appointed on the raising
of funds to build a new place of worship,
last evening.
Theie were present of the vestry: A. N.
Brown, Dr. H. C. Davis, Theodore E.
Smith, Henry L. Davit, Dr. George H.
Powers, W. D. Clark, Robert B. Forman
L. F. Monteaglo, J. C. Hall and R. H. El
liott. The parish committee present were
0. S. Phelps. Captain Simpson, J. R.
Langhorne, R. C Daniels and A. C. Field.
The list of church members was care
fully gone over, and the members of both
committees were assigned various ones to
see and ascertain what they would give to
swell the fund of $20,000 that has already
been subscribed. The belief is freely ex
pressed that if $50,000 is found necessary
for the new edifice it can easily be raised.
To Ward Off Danger.
The following notice is published at the re
quest of the Sisters of Charity : .
Nolle*— Visiting days at tbe Roman Catholic
Orphan Asylum, N street south, will be sus
pended until memles and kinged diseases now
prevalent in in" City have pasJPd off. The chil
dren in the institution are well. . ■
BINTKRS OF Charity.
Koman Catholic Orphan Asylum, Jb'eb. 16, 1897.
BUTLER TRIED
ON THE COAT
An Interesting Episode
During Yesterday's
Hearing.
Further Evidence in the Preston
Case From the Same
Witnesses.
Caplain Potrie of tha 0! vebink Tells
(f His Acqua ntance With
the Prison r-
The hearing on the application for ex
tradition in the case of Richard Ashe,
commonly called Butler, accused of mur
dering one Preston, was resumed yester
day afternoon in the Circuit Court, before
Commissioner Htacock. There was a
! much smaller attendance than heretofore.
The earlier portion of the proceedings
was monotonous, owing to the amount of
repetition involved in the evidence of
witnesses who had previously testified in
the Lee W Her case. The prisoner seemed
more alert and interested than u-ual,
however, and was in constant consnlta
| tion with his counsel, Attorneys Black
and PidwelJ, Leonard Stone being absent
for the nonce. Mr. Black himself fairly
beamed upon his client, whose sunburnt
neck he at one time during the hearing
affectionately encircled with his rieht
arm. The British Consul-General, J. W.
Warburton, went rapidly over the same
ground as before, with the only material
difference that Preston's name was sub
stituted for that of Captain Lee Weller.
Marshal Barry Baldwin and his deputy,
Thomas J. Gallagher, deposed to the
I serving of the warrants, in the face of a
i running fire of objections and motions to
1 strike out from the indefatigable Mr.
| BiacK.
Constable Conroy, recalled, repeated the
; story of his brief connection with the pris
i oner in Australia. Conroy's version ot the
I historical scene on the deck of the Swan-
I hilda evoked a smile. "I asked him if he
I knew me," said the witness, "and he said
ihe dian't. Sergeant Bunner told me to
I remove the whiskers, and the prisoner
1 then said, 'I have seen your face, 1 and
afterward he admitted knowing me and
giving me a map of the Aubrey mining
district." The witness said he had Riven
the defendant bis brother-in-law's address
at the Race Club Hotel, near Aubrey, at
his request, and that the defendant wrote
it down npon a small piece of paper. The
address in the checkbook was in his sis
ter's handwriting.
The checkbook was produced and Mr.
Cormac continued his examination. Con
roy insisted that the prisoner was called
Harwood when he knew him, and that
Harwood told him of his proposed trip to
the Blue Mountains.
Mr. Black began his cross-examination,
and induced the witness to state that be
was positive it was not to late as October
28 when he iast saw the prisoner with the
checkbook. A few questions addressed to
the witness by Mr. Cormac showed that
be had never seen the checkbook m Aus
tralia.
"So," eaid Mr. Cormac, "you must have
been mistaken when you stated that you
saw the checkbook in the prisoner's pos
session bef or.- October 28?"
Conroy explained that he thonght he
had been asked if his sister wrote down j
the address beiore that date. He was 1
sure his sister never saw the prisoner I
after September 10, 1596, because she was
with the witness during that period.
The court allowed the depositions in j
the Lee Weiler cisc to be admitted and |
tho reading dispensed with, except in the
case of witnesses present, who might be
examined orally.
Detective Eagan gave evidence to the
effect that the prisoner when asked by the j
witness xn the Marshal's office, "How
about this younu man Prestos:?" replied
that he h:id met him at the railway sta
tion. "Then," continued Eagan," Tasked
him how about the oid English miner?
He knew, I saia, too much about pros
pecting for you."
"I object," cried Black, "to the admis
sion ot evidence about the oid Engiieb
miner.'
The objection was allowed.
Detective Eagan gave way to the Aus
tralian detective Roche, who swore to the
depositions taKen before the magistrates j
in New South Wales and the chief con- '
su'.ar clnoer of the United States. He as- !
sured Mr. Cormac, albeit Mr. Black ob- |
jected, that he was familiar with the pen- j
ally jof murder provided by section 9of
the New South Wales criminal law amend
ment act. He described the search for
Preston's body and its exhumation.
Though he had never seen Preston alive j
he identified the body by means of a '
photograph. Toe body was carefully
buried at a varying depth of two and
three feet. The earth aoove seemed to
have been smoothed over with a spade
and seme dry sand sprinkled over it. A
towel, tisjhUv knotted, was passed under
one shoulder and over the other, and had
presumably been used to pull it into the
hole. The yon ml la Preston's head the
witness attributed to a rifle bullet. Tue
direction of the wound was downward
from the back. No rifle was found near
the locali.v at the time the body was ex
humed. There was no indication that
death had been suicidal.
Mr. Cormac, ignoring Mr. Backs pro
test, asked the witness if the articles
found in tiie prisoner's possession were
necessary evidence at the trial of the case.
"They are very material evidence," was
the reDiy. He then identified, from de
scriptions furnished him, a coat and vest
as having been Preston's property.
"There is a piece set in the bacic of the
vest," he went on. indicating the spot,
"and the coat is much too 'small lor the
prisoner. Preston weighed 150 pounds."
Mr. Black suggested that it might be
weil lor the prisoner to try on the coat.
Ashe jumped up with apparent alacrity,
and alter divesting himself of his blue
serge coat, put on the other, which was
obviously an ill fit.
•'Much too small in the chest." declared
the witness emphatically. "That coat
was never made for him."
At Mr. Black's request, Roche examined
through a magnifying glass a loose piece
of tweed cloth also found among the pris
oner's effects, and expressed his opinion
that the coat and vest were of different
material.
Mr. Black asked that all the foregoing
testimony concerning the identification
of clothing be strictcen out, as it was
clearly shown that tue witness' sources of
information were hearsay. The court re
fused to grant the motion.
The witness, still replying to Mr. Black,
stated that he obtained "the prisoner's sig
nature to the list of property without hav
ing told the prisoner that he wanted it as
a etieck upon the clerk. The officers
failed to find the bullet which killed
Preston, and in his opinion the bullets
found among the prisoner's baggage were
not small enough to have inflicted the
wound.
James J. Groom of Groom & Hogan,
fashionable batters, was called lo produce
an acknowledgment sicned by the pris
oner in the name of Butler, winch the
latter gave on receipt of a brand-new hat
in exchange for the prisoner's old one.
The witnes-i informed Mr. Blacfc tbat
when signing the acknowledgment the
prisoner remarked that Btr.lei was tao
name he was known* by in San Franc slO.
Constable Conroy, recalled, said the
prisoner was a little* stouter than at pres
ent when he knew him in Australia and
weighed, he thought, about 180 pounds.
He would weigh now only about 165
pounds. When the witness knew him he
wore a Scotch twee l coat.
Captain John Nicholson Petrie of the
Ol.vebank deposed that he knew the
prisoner very well. He was an A. B. and
sailed with the witness from Rio Janeiro,
February 17. 1893. The witness knew him
as Richard Ashe. "We proceeded to New
castle, N. y. W.," continued Captain
Petrie, "where he was discharged. I saw
him afterward in Newcastle a fortnight
before November 19. when we sailed. He
seemerl then much stouter. I remarked
when I saw him here that he had fallen
away. I never knew him by any other
name Than A3be."
Replying to Mr. Black, the witness ad
mitted that it was a very common ex
perience with captains tcfind sailors ship
ping under different names. This was
often necessary when they deserted. The
prisoner, when he met him in Newcastle,
was wearing a dark suit, and "it struck
me," continued the witness, "that he had
a good appearance.' I never knew him as
Frank Karwood, nor as Butler, nor as
Weller. Richard Ashe is the one name by
which I knew him. He was & fairly good
seaman, but when we got to Newcastle he
laid up. He asked for his ilischaree and
said he wanted to better himself. He told
me he had a mate's certificate. I never
had ar.y row with him at sea. He was not
disobedient nor insubordinate. I have
nothing against his character."
Mr. Cormac, in the course of re-examina
tion, elicited the information that a Dr.
Eames, who visited Ashe in the forecastle
when he complained of rheumatism, as
sured the witness there was very little the
matter with him. "When I offered him a
lotion for his knee," said Peirie, "he said
tome: 'No you won't, captain, do any
thing of the sort. I will do for you as I
did for the captain of the Star of Russia.'
I then gave him in charge for threatening
me on board the vessel."
"You toid Mr. Blact," said Mr. Cormac,
"that it was a common occurrence for
sailors to change their names. Is it not
equally common for fugitives from justice
to do the same?"
Objection sustained.
The hearing was then continued until
Thursday afternoon at 2 o'clock, Mr.
Cormac stating that it had been agreed
between counsel toareue both case« in'one.
- ' x:ew TO-DAT. 1
§ Now Is
%~w Your Jime,
"*fs< SPECIAL SALE
Our CuMomecs. FOR ONE WEEK*
Trusses ; -? ;- - - 75c
We Guarantee a Perfect Fit.
Elastic Stockings - - $1.50
Electric Belts - $1.50 to $20.00
The $'20 Belt Guaranteed Equal to toe Belt -
that is sold by others tor f 50.
Obesity Belts - - - - $2.00
Crutches - - s - - $1.75
FREE CONSULTATION.
• Our physician will give free con- '
sultation and diagnosis daily.
NO-PERCENTAGE PHARMACY
853 TVE«.x-lx.ot Street,
Bouth Side, bet. Fifth and sixth.
910
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE >I Alt Ji. tT v
Silver chunked.
Wheat Freights doll.
Wheat Futures weaker again.
Barley quiet.
Oats, Corn and Bye very dull.
Hay and Bra . ir< ak.
Flour and Millstuffs unchanged.
Beans and i-eeds dull.
rliv r Potatoes declilnn;. Onions easy.
Butler weak. Cheese and Kcgß lower.
Turkeys declined. Game nominal.
Apples dull. Oranges moving off belter.
Limes lower. Lemons quiet.
lir.ed Fruit motionless.
Provisions dull.
Hides and Leather firm.
But little Wool left here.
.Hops neglected. .
Beef, Mutton and Veal weaker.
Hogs soar and advancing.
Merchandise unchanged.
O Clear 3 Partly Coudy
\Q Cloudy (g) ftam © Sno^_
]
Explanation.
Tn« arrow fll«* with the wind. The top figures
tX station indica.e maximum temperauire for tb«
days: those underneath it. if any, the amount of
rainia.ll, of melted snow In Inches and hundredths.
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect r>o!n s of equal air pressure; Iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "hieh" means high Larometrlc pressure and
Is usually accompanied by fair weather: "lori"
rtfers to iow pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and raini.
"Lo-vs" us* ally first appear on the Washington
coaat. When 1 lie pressure is high in th» interior
and low along the coast, and the Isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain Is probable:
but waen ihe "low is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain eouih of Oregon is Improb
eble. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idabo, and
the pressure falllne to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather in winder. The reverse of these toudilioos
will .produce an>]<posite resuU.
WEATHEB BUKKAU REPORT.
United States Department of Agbicui> i
tube. Wkathkr jsurkau, sax kuan-cisco, feb.
16, l*-97, bP. ii. Weather conditions and general
forecasts:
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date •
as compared • in those of the same date last sea- ■
son and rainfall durlnc lie past '24 hours:
Eureka, this season 34 96. last season 24.73, j
past 24 hours .80: Ked Bluff 19.24, last season
13.83, pest '_'•* hours .88: Sun Francisco, 17.01,
last season 12.42, past '24 hours .06; Fresno 7.95,
last season 4.09, past '24 hours .00: "-mi Luis Obispo
15.03, last season 17.25. past 24 hours .00; Los ,
Angeles 11.33, last season 5.91, past 24 hours .00: i
San Diego 7.42, last season 4.44, past 24 hours
.00: 1 unia 4 66, ast season .46. past '24 hours. oo. [
San Francisco data — Maximum temperature 55, <
minimum 51. mesa 53.
The storm, which was mentioned last evening as i
central to the norib of Mon;«i a. has mcved south- i
•fiiiwaid into the upper Mississippi and Central !
Mis ouri valleys, where it now jbk«-s with marked I
severity. A slight depression isientral in North- |
cm California, wblcb ha i caused ruin in this sec- i
tion, and snow in Neva a and Utah to-day. The
pressure is rising rap d! y to the norlnward, and
conditions are fayorab.e for clearing weather in
Northern California within the next twelve or
eighteen li iurs. I
1 tie temperature has fallen rapidly this after- ;
noon in .Northern Nevada and U.uh. will ion- !
t.riiic to full in that ration for eighteen hours j
longer, causing a moderate cold wave Colder
weather will prevail Wednesday and Wednesday j
nislii in California aril Arizona, accompanied by
b.isk to high northwest winds. Severe frosts are
likely to occur in these regions when the wind
ceaaer.
Forecast made at Pan Francisco for 30 hours, j
ending at midnight, February 17. 1897.
Northern California— Generally fair Wednesday:
colder in south portion: probably severe frosts
Wertnesiay night, which mar be dangerous to
blossoming fruit: brisk northerly winds.
southern California— Fair in southern portion:
probably showers in north portion Wednesday
morning, followed by lair; colder Wednesday ana
Wednesday nigh.; brisk northerly wind.
Nevada— to-night, ending early Wednes
day morning, followed by fair Wednesday: con
tinued freezing weather.
Utah— Snow to-night, ending during Wednesday; I
continued freezing weather.
Arizona — Probab.y lair Wednesday; colder I
Wednesday afternoon and»iUebr.
■an Francisco ana vicinity— Generally fair i
Wednesday; brisk norlhw»-ierK- winds, high off
shore. W. H. Kammun. Forecast Official.
Nl-W lOKK MARKETS.
Financial.
NKW YORK., N. V.. Feb. 16.— The improve
ment in political affairs abroad and the sharp
recovery in American securities in London bed a
s imii.utuu influence at the opening of the Stock
Exchange here to-day. The Liverpool cables
were accompanied by buying orders in Northern
Pacific, --t Paul and Louisville and Nashville, and
this added to the bullish sentiment. Local
operators «ho were free sellen yesterday on the
war scare changed front, and their purchases had
much to do with the advance of to 2 :t ,4 per
cent, which subsequently followed. t*u?ar was
the feature of the dealings and tigured for 69,700
shares in a grand total of 176 589 suere*. The
price opening at 1 ."2, rose to 114.y 8 and left off at
] 1 ■:■'■ » Tlie result of ibe Lexow investigation up
to date has been to create a bullish senilment on
the stock.
A rumor that the declston in the Woolson-
Arbuckle case will be In favor of the sugar people
l>-d to purchases. Lain in the day a report was cur
rent t:;at C.aus Duescher and others formerly
luterestel In the refining business, attracted by
the profits intde by the concerns outside of the
American ( om.jany, i mended to erect a plant In
the neighborhood 01 Hunters Point. The other
indastries were weak for a time, but later im
proved ;:i sympathy "rltta sugar. Railway stocks
advanied moderately and were firm throughout,
A good demand prevailed tor the hlgti-prlced
i.->sues and L«ke Shore rose ].';« to 1543/, and Con
solidated (Jas 3V2 to 15l»V». Oudlotsof New York,
New Haven and Hartfurd bronght 170. The
strength of Conso ldated Oas was due to rumors
that there will be no adverse legislation at Albany
this year.
The Manhattan stock was pressed for sale and
fe.l 10 86 1 /? on reports of an impending reduction
in the dividend. Western Union dropped half to
81 and laur rallied to 823/,. it was s*id that the
governing committee of ilie stock Ezrhanse at
1(1 >-lr meeting to-morrow will take up the qu> stion
of the ticker service. An important contig.-nt Of
ihe Stock Exchange desire to sti<i> the distribution
of quotations as now conduce!. 'Ihe. Western
L ruon conirolßKn important part of the ticker ser- I
vice, speculation c;o ed strong. Nei changes
hiiow advances of i /2 to 2V2 percent. Consol
idated Gaa However, declined 31/3 per cent.
Bonds were strong ana higher 10-day. The sales
aggregated SI, 687,000. Atchison adjustment
tours r.'Re IVi to 47V(b, Chicago and Northern
laciric lirst certificates 1 to 42i-2i New York
Chicago and Sl Louis first four< "4' to 1053 y ; New-
York, New Haven and Hartford lours cerun'cates
3 to 136, fusq ehanna and Western fives 1 to
76V4. Northern Pacific ihiids v 6 to 55%. Ohio and
Mississlpi.i second consolidated sevens j to IJB
Kock Is. and ucbeMtnre Jives 1 10 99, Poutherri
Kailway consoidated riven iy 8 to 89% and
Southern Pacific Arizona lirst mx.s 1/2 to 90V4-
In dovernment bond* 191 000 coupons of 1925
told at 12^,$lif,00J registered fours at llli/~ra
llls/4; 976,000 coupon lives at 113S/ S , 9*ooo cur
rency sixes of 1898 at 103V2 and 910(i0 do of
1899 at 106V2.
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WHEELOCK & CO.,
4 LeideHdorff St.. Tel. Main 1834.
TENTH* 1- OFFICK
(U'J Uarket St., Palace Hotel. Parly & Atkinson
MAnasers. Tel. -Main 0144.
Uptown Office— Baldwin Hotel (adjoining Grill
Hoom). Tel. Main IU9I.
PURDY. ATKINSON * CLAPP, Managers.
Orders instantly executed on latest market goo
tatlons. Reference Ist National Bank, 8. F.
CHiCAuo. fiUVAXifi YOU*. >tW YOUKt
Grain.
FLOUR— DuII and easy. Winter wheat, low
trades, $2 80(q);-t 30; fair to fancy, f 4 45@4 60; do
patents. $4 bor<£4 65: Minnesota I- ear. $3 JO(g,S
uo straights, $4|at lilt: do patents, $3 K)(a4 85;
low extras, *2 bvj(g)3 30; City JMllls, t!4(cu4 9U: dv
patents, $4 90&5 16: Rye mixture. $2 90@3 50;
superfine, $y@2 85: flue, $1 90®-.' 24.
.-outliern flour, dull, easy: common to fair extra,
*3 20@b 50; nood to ..hole do. $3 5005.
Rye flour, quiet, steady, lit $2 60©3.
coß:nMkal-Dull, steady. Yellow Western,
*1 75(al 85.
KVK — Weaker. Western, S7y>c c I. '• Buf
falo, closed at 81.14 c.
BAKLKY-Duli, weaker: feeding, 2««'J6^c
c. i. f. Buffalo.
WHEAT— Spot moderately active, easier with
options: f. o. b., b9%c; ungraded red, 77@90c;
No 1 Northern. 84»/ c
Options were less active aud closed weak at »'«(*
l%c decline on easier tables, foreign selling und
realizing West aud here, with trading mainly local,
switching and scalping. May and Ju y most active.
No. 2red, Febr"»ry, 80 3 /*c: Match; 81 V*c: April.
BJV4C; 796/ 8 c; June, 7»c; July, 7»Vs c 't aeD "
l*mi>er, 74 »Ac
COuN- Spots dull, easier; No. 2, 28 elevator:
29V4C afloat.
Op. Jons were dull and weal: at 3c decline, fol
lowing cables ana the West. May ana July only
traded Id. February, 2&J»/gc; May, *<.9Vbc; July, 30
(ft3o3/ 8 c
OAiS- Spot more active for export, steady.
Options weaker; February, 21c: May, 21:; July,
2iVsc
&put prices: So. 2, 21% c: No. 2 white. 23c;
No. 2 Chicago, 22i/ic; No. 3, 20c; No. 3 white.
21% c: mixed tb.ciu, 2K&23C; white Mate and
Western, 2*(ai3U&
Provisions.
LARD-Qiilet, easier; Western steam, f 4 07 iv,;
city, $.5 65: May, $40, nominal; refined, tlrui;
continent *4 35; South Americun, $4 bo; com
pound, 4(g,i\-2<:.
I.K-"i-.isy, moderate demand; new mass,
$8 25®8 76.
Uuti. —Weaker, liberal receipts- West
ern creamery, 16 20c; do factory, 7 14c;
logins, -lie; imitation creamery, ll@l6c
cil KEsr.- Firm, f»ir demand. Port skims, 6@
JV 2 c; full skims. 3&3V2C.
t(jijs— Quiet, steady. Icehouse, case, 2@3 30;
Western fresh. 18c. limed, 12%@13%c.
TALLOW— steady, quiet. City, i^c; country,
»H©3V4c.
COTTONSEED OlL— Firm, quiet; crude, t!U@
20% c; yellow prime. 2i>%@i4c
Kit :>. — Fairly active, farm. Domestic, 3%@6c;
Japan, 3%@4%c. ■
MuLAh»kS- steady. New Orltans, 22@32c
CuFFJSh.— Quiet, unchanged to 5 point* up.
March. $9 Oa(gi9 10: May. $3 10^9 16; July,
$9 1&: August, «9 20; Sepieniter. $9 io©9 20;
iificmber, $9 »ova,9 16. spot dul., weak: .No.
7, 9%c.
stUAR- Quiet, fair demand; off A, 4@4i^c;
moid, 4f; M c; standard, 43 g cunfect oners, 4V*c;
cut loai. .)c; crushed, 6c; powdered, 4f; a c; grauu
lated, 43 fa c; cubes, 4%c.
i ruit and Produce.
APRICOTS— Bags, 9@llc.
1 j .ai I1K&— i'eeleo, i>oxesl:i-|jtslsc; unpeeled,
bags 7@9c.
IKt.NtS-Four sizes, 4» i@sc.
KAlSl.\>-I«o croivn L. .M., 4i 4 @4 V3C: three
crown, bh^dhbt^c; four cruwo, t>io.tiV2<-'; i^undon (
layers. $1 ooijl .5; clusters, $1 40@l To. .'
A . .MuMis — toft blie:l, »>(g)9 l paper shell,
1 1 (a 1 Sic.
WALNUTS— Standard, 7c; do soft shell, 9c.
Hut's— Moderate demand; 1 acificCoast, 13c
WOOL — Firm. Moderate demand. Domestic
fleece, 22@23c; pulled, ls©3lc; Texas, 7@l^c.
Merchandise.
lIGIBON-QuieL American, $10 25@10 60.
COl'PEK— Firm. Lake. *11 90@12.
i.tAD-Firm. Domestic. .3 25^.^30.
1 1N— Firm, bttaits, *13 3^(013 50; plates,
moderate demand.
bl'tLlEK— Domestic, 4@4 10.
CHICAGO 3IAKKETS.
CHICAGO, I li,. Feb. 16— There wai a reversal
of sentiment from that of yesterday seen In the
wheat market this morning. News from Kurope
was not so warlike, and the action of the Liver
pool market indicated a less nervous feeling at
torn place. Those who loaded up with wheat yes
terday In expectation that something would hap
pen to disturb the peaceful relations of the Euro
pean towers were crippled and sold out to-day.
English consols lully recovered the slight decline
of yea eiday, and wheat was I. at' a penny lower m
Liverpool. Prices here at in • start were i/i'slc
lower, and tor a considerable period thereat er the
range was narrow, 'me receipts at Chicago were
41 cars, and 59,239 bushels were taken from
.store. Tl.c Northwest hod '246 cars against 352
last Tuesday ana 462' a year ago. Cosing Con
t.uenul cables were lower. Xx pjrt clearances
were v ry lluht at 136.933 bushe.s BraUslreets
re ported a decease in the world's available stocks
of 2.925,000 bushels. The mar»e; continued iresk
ibrougnout baying against "puts" betas evidently
the only support. May wheat opened from 74\,aC
to 74*- B e, sold between 7.4/ygc and 735/ c, clo.i'nj
at 74c. i >4®i 3 8 c under yesterday. ' Es.imated re
ceipts lor lomonuw Its cars. No. 2 red wheat
835 w '.a.B4 s s c. cloi.ng about 84c
Co.-X — me retrogression in wheat prices haa
the effect of weakening corn prices this morning.
There was some buying yest-rJ ay on me war talk,
and the corn then accumulated sought a market
tills morning. Prices decline.) In proportion to the
advance yesterday. Kece.pts were 457 cirj.
There were no withdrawals :rom store. Exports
were 636.960 busnels. Brads. re* reporteu an
increase i:i available stocks vt 93t).0JUbus "Is. j
May corn opened ai XSS4O. dccl r:e Ito 'JS3/ a 1
itSV^C, Closing at '23ioc b.u, S' a @i,:,c under yester- :
day. Estimated receipts for 10 morrow 2*'o runt. I
OATS— Having benefited by yesterjay's bu ge
in wheat, so in the natural coui.se were adversely
governed by the weakness wnich prevailed In the
leading market tills morning. Braastreets gave
an Increase In s ocks of BK.UUO bushels. K.tpor:*
were light at '20U0 buihels. May oats closed Vie
lowtr. Estimated receipts for to-morrow 2"<sO
cars.
LAX— Wassteaday. Cash No. 1, 74c: North
western, 7&i&@7bc: July. 77 1 -.'. i.i-ceip;s were
20 cars.
PROVISIONS— A large excess in the number of
hogs received this morning over tae number estl
ma:ed can prices a the yards lower. Pro
visions were weaK in sympathy ana were likewise
depressed by the weakness of wheat. May pur.
closed 1 . %c lower. May larii 7 1 2 c lower, and May
rib i 10c lower.
BUiTER— The butter market was quiet with a
slUht reduction in the price of fancy ireamery.
Kec< were not large and the demand was ko.ml.
Creameries — Extras. 20e; firsts, 18 (& 19c;
seconds, 1 4f«l 6c: Imitations, fancy, l;-(o,l«c. Dames
— Extras. 17c: firsts, 14<p.lbc: eecouas. 9«10c
LaGles— Extras, ll©lic: Urals. *»V 2 »»V»c, patkiu;
ttock. 8c; grease, 2^@3c; run butter. H)&lU\' 2 c.
I tGGS— Were strong. Receipts were light, and
I the demand was goo 1. Fresh stock 17c * dozen.
MONEY — Was 4>/2(5)5% on call and 6%' on time
I loans. New York exchange was quoted at 60c
1 discount.
Closing Pr'ces.
WHEAT— February, 72 % c; May, 74c; July,
70i/ic
COKN— February, 218/ 8 May, 26i/ a c; July,
245/ic.
17^@17-%c " %C: May, 16% Ci July,
17i,4(g.175 /a c.
I'c.iiK— »ay, $7 87Va: July, fSO2V 2 .
J^AKD-May, »6 921^: Ju.y. $4.
Kißb— Hay. «4 02y 2 : July, *4 10.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, Jj.b. Feb. 16— The
j cattle market to-day was In about the same con
dition it usually is on Tuesday. Only about 2500
I head were received, with the suDply ample, and
prices, except for choice, were generally 10 cents
lower. The movement this week is a limited one,
only about 16,900 head arriving yesterday and
to-day, against 21,810 last Monday ana Tuesday
and 10.226 for the corresponding day a year ago.
The terminal charge of $2 per car at this point Is
diverting a good many cattle to competing mar
kets, and Kansas City received. 10,000 head to
day.
Country shippers are Rending forward more hog a '
than recently, about 64.U00 having arrived yes
terday and to-day, as compared with 47.154 last
Monday and Tuesday. S'J.'.'7U on the correspond- -
Ing dsys last year, and 76.9n7 two years ago. The
arrivals to-day w re unexpectedly la.ge, being
estimated at 32,000, as compared with 18 194 on
Tuesday of last week. There was a good packing
demand, but the market was weak an 1 prices
were 5 cents lower.
. ■supplies of sheep are about the same as a week
ago, about 12,010 head arriving to-day. Trade
was active at steady prices. The supply consisted
larg> ly of fed Western
CATTLE— Recelpts.23 500. Fancy beeves, $5 30
©5 40; choice to prime steers. 54 9U(a,O 25; good
to choice steers, Si 50@4 85; medium steers, $4 '20
@4 45; fair beef steers. $4 00(g,l 20:' common beef
steers. $3 50@3 95: good to prime stockers and feed
ers. *3 8504 25: common to good stockersand feed
ers, 92&0(g,3 kO: bulls, choice to extra, $3 bO@3 90:
bulls, poor to < hoi. c. $2 5u@,3 50; cows and heifers,
cnoice to prime; $3 75@4 15; cows, fair to choice,
%'i 65j3>3 70; cows, common to fair fanners, *1 75
@'2 40; calves, cood to fancy. $6 BU@(S 30; calves,
common to gooa, $3 60@3 75: lexss e.i seers,
$3b0@4&0: 'Jexas cows and bulls, $2 10@3 50;
I milkers and springers, per head, $2c(<vM).
" iiOGS-Kecelpts, 32.000. Heavy packing and
shipping lots, S3 35@3 57 Va: common to choice
mixed. S3 40&3 60: choice assorted, $3 45@
3 60: light, $3 4503 60; pigs, $3 2603 60.
- ttHEKP— Receipts. 12.000. Inferior to choice,
(2 60(3,4 00; lambs, »3 50®3 55.
:u.---^V 'Receipts at Omaha.
FOUTH OMAHA. NkbK.. Feb. IS HOGS—Re
ceipts, 8600. Market opened steady; closed 5c
lower. Light and mixed, $3 30@S 45; heavy,
S3 2503 35.
! CATTLE— Kecetpts, 2800. Market steady to
lower: feeders strong. Steers $3 60@4 40; cows,
91 50@3 60: feeder*. $3 2b@4.
KHiiEP — Receipts. 1700. Market strong.
Fancy muttons, $4 50.
Receipts at Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. Feb. 16 _ MOOS— Re
ceipt*. 15.000. Market weak to be lower. Heavy,
5325@3 4'2Uj: mixed. S3 45@3 SO; light, f 3 i.o®
3 x : pigs. S3 60@3 16 . kh t «j»
CATTLE— Receipts, 7000. Best grades steady;
others weak. - Texas steers, 92 7.'(#i; Texas cows.
$1 TT(g/2 40: native steers, $3@5: do cows and
heifers, f160®«75; stockers and feeders. S3®
4 16: bulls $i@3 60. V.I
-o b , 1 ? KJ ' i ltt-c " 1 '' 18 - 4000. Market steady. Lambs,
$3 lDfa,3 65 : muttons, «2 65(54.
KJSW lUKK SsTOCKS.
— — — .
Bonds, 1 uliaigp, Money and Railroad
Share*.
Money on call easy at l^^l'/i*; last loan \y^X
and closing offered at I^JJ. Prim* mercantile pa
per 3%. liar silver, 646 8 c .Mexican dollars, 605,4 c.
Furling exchange steady, with actual business in
bankers' bills at $4 8304 bl>i/4 tor 60 Cay and
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1897.
94 s7(o. i 87V4 for demand. Posted rate?. $4 85
(alt «■».' Coramercli.l bills, $4 h3%®4 84%. Gov
ernment bauds quiet: Mate bonds dul.; railroad
bonds strong. Silver at the board was stead)-.
CXOfITNQ ISTOTK*.
Am Tei A Cable... 85 j North American.. . ' 41/4
Atchlson 14% Northern Pacific.. 14i*i
Preferred. -'iVai . Pr-ferred 376^,
Adams Kxpress...l4B Northwestern. 104
Alton, Terie Haute 66 I Preferred 151
American Kxpresslll N V Central 83%
Americau Tobacco (181/4 N Y. Cbica«o<tst L 11
Preferred ilO j Ist preferred 70
Bay Mate Hr 11 | 2d preferred. 2bVi
Baltimore <t Obia. 15*4 Y&N H 170
Brunuwlcic Lands. X V * New Eng... 37
Buffalo, Koch &P. l« s /4 NY. Susq <fe W.... 9
Canada Pacific 64 Vi Preferred 25%
Canada Southern. 44 < Ontario 40V4
Canton Land 60y* Ontario <t Western 14
Central PaciUc 11 V* Oregon lruprovmnt—
thes <t Ohio 17V* Preie-red —
Chicago Alton 162 Oregon Navigation 14 .
Preferred 172 Oregon Short Line. 14
Chicago, B &Q.... 74" 8 Pad lie Mall 2-">Vfe
Chicaeo & X 111 42 Peorta. D& Evans '<*
Preferred 95 ! Plttsburg <fc W pfd. IS
Chicago Gas.... .. 76% Pullman Palace.... 154
ClevH& l"lttiOiiri?.ltisVa Quicksilver 1
Consolidation CoaL 33 | Preferred 11
Consolidated Oas..lso^ij'Hei>dine 25%
CCC &St Loau... 2Hi/a Klof>rande<fcWesta 12
Preferred 75 i 1 referred S»M:
Colo Fuel & IrcJ.. 22% Hock Island... 66%
Preierred . ... 90 KouieWatctO^den.ll? 1 /*
Cotton 0.1 Cert.... 11 StL&»W. 3»/ 4
Commercial Cable. 150 | Preferred ] 0%
Del Hudson . 1073,4 st Paul "6
Del Lack<&Westrn.l63 Preferred *32« i
Denver X lO»4iSt Paul 4 Dulutb... 19
Preferred 41% Preferred 85
Distillers St Paul <fc Omaha.. 48%
General Klectrlc... 64% Preferred l-"< 0
Erie s StPM&M 110
Preferred 34 (Silver Certificates. 64%
Fort Wayne . .1«H Southern Pacific. 16%
Great Northern DMI2O i Southern it X 9Vs
i.re-n Lay i Preferred 2- 1 /*
Harlem 292 Sugar Refinery l-4 /»
BocklngCoal- 3Vi Preferred.. 102%
Hocking Valley... 7 Ten Coal & Iron.. 2714
Homestake 35 , Preferred 80
H A Texas Central Texas Pacific 9V*
Illinois Central.... 92 Tol A A & N Mien.
lowa Central. 7 Tol Ohio & Central 15
Preferred 24% Preferred 60
Kansas 4 Texas... 13 Vt Tol at Louis &X C 6%
Preferred 29% Preferred 18%
Kingston & Perm.. 3 Cmon Pacific 7Vs
Lake Erie & Westn 16 V P Den & Gulf.... 1%
Preferred 66%JU fc Cordage.. —
Lake Snore 154 3 /gi I'referred ..—
National Lead 21" Guaranteed — —
Preferred 89% L" S Express 35
I.oni:ls:ani 40 L' S Leather 7%
Louisville &Nas a. 49% Preferred 6dVs
Louisville, N Aiony S Rubber 19 s /i
Preferred H/il Preferred 70%
Manhattan Con * 7 % rilea A 11 River. ..l6o
Memphis A Charts 15 Wab SL A Paclflc. 6Vs
Mexican Centra;... 8 S <« PrJferred 16»/»
Michigan Central.. 8a cl!vFar«o. 99
Minn AS Western Union.... »* s /g
Preferred... Wisconsin Central. 2
Inn ASt 1, com.. 78 1 Wheeling A L X... 1%
Ist preferred 78 | Preferred 9%
Sdoreferred 46 3 4 Am Cotton OH pM. 62
Missouri Pacific... 21% W U Beef 6%
Mobile A Ohio 21 , Ann Arbor B*4
Nashville A ChMt. 87% Preferred 24
National Linseed.. IS Brooklyn Traction. 20%
N J Central 99% Erie 2d pfd 19%
Norfolk A Westrn. 1 1', 8 m encan Spirit* .. 14%
Preferred 17 \ Preferred 32<Vfe
II.OKINU I (IN OS.
Ala Clam a 4* . .. . 105i /a Northern Pac lsts.ilSy 3
Do Class B 4. 103 Do 2d«. 65l/ 8
Alabama, class C 96 Do B.ls. 87v's
Atchison is 82 con sol ss. ■
l>o2dsA 471/sOr lmprovmni Ist. 85
Canada (*outh 3rts. 107 , Do 6s. ... 18
Cen Ist* of '95 O R & N ls'ts. .. ..112S1
Cherokee 4s. 1896. 3' 4 Do consol ..— •
Do 1897 104 Or Short Line 65...114
DoIB9H 104 Do consol . 75
D01b99 .104 r«ciflc6sof '97
Ches&Ohto 65.... 110 I'hllaA Reading 4» SlVs
Co AN fir Rcu&s 1314 Do Ist pfd in com. 44 V,
DC3-655. 109V4iK UrandeWest lsts 72
Den <fc RG Ist 11l st LdMronMtUensj 76
Do *» 88i 2 St bs..lll^
Erl-»2ds 65" Si Paul Consols. ...130 Va
FtW&DenClty Ist* 68V4 ->t PC& Pa lsta 11"V*
UH&B AOS 104 ISO Carolina 4^%... 1-06
Do2d7s. t-6 1 Southern KR os 89 7 /s
oenElecDeb6s... 95 Do Pac Cal lsts.. 108
H Tex Centss...lOß%'T«nn new 3s .. 77
Doconßs. 102 Texas Pac 15t*..... KB
lowa Central 96» 4 lexas Pac 2ds. 21 Vi
Kansas Pa Consols -46» I,'nioa Pac lain 9a".104 V 2
f» lalsU DenDlvllb'g.t" a 4s re* of 1925. 12'23's
Consol 903^ Do <s, coupon.... 122 Vi
Missouri funding... |c 84* reg of 1907. Ill^
Al X 1 ' JUs ~ 6fll /* I****, coupon. ...113
Du<s S4 Do2s 95V-
Jlobile A Ohio 45.. 68 Do ss. Reg '.116%
Mutual Union 65. .110 i Do 63. coupon ... 1 131,3
£> X Cent Gon 5*...11"Va, v * funding aeot.. 62'"
£« 1 CAStLouls4slos I Do registered.
Nor A- West Gen 65120 I Do deferred 6a 6
N Caro,inacoa 4s. 101 I Do trust rcptscpi 6
.. hoti '> 122 Wabashlst 55.....107
MmbwestConsols.MO Weal tadura A»..,..i07
i-ouco 63... 114 V»l
FORKK.N MARKET
■WHEAT IN I.! VK SPOOL.
LIVERPOOL, KM!.. Feb. 1«.-The spot market
I' firm at bs 6V2<l®t;s 7V a d. Cargoes are steady at
•ids 6J. prompt shipment.
FCTUBKS.
The Produce Exchange cable rives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 9 Ked Winter: Feb
ruary. 6s 2 y 4 d; .March. es.-Ji^d; May, 6s 3i/,d;
June, 6s 3d; July, 6s 31.
BKCUBITIK9.
LONDON, Eno., Feb. 16.— Consols, 112 3-16
liver, '29 11-16 d; French Rentes, 102f 40c.
KXCHANGK AND BtLUOIT,
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $ 4 86V*
Sier.lng Kxcbange sight.' — 4s^i.l
Sterling Cable* _ -i 89
New York Exchange, sight — *5
New yoric Exchange, telegraphic. — '27V*
tine silver, per ounce — tijr. H
Mexican Dollars , — 51 : V*
PEODUOE MAEKET.
WHEAT AM) « THKR GRAINS.
WHEAT H. IK; ins -a re nominally quoted
at 17s 6( (a) 2os. but spot chartering is very slack.
The cli.-irti-ii-cl wheat fleet in port has a registered !
tnniiui;.- of '.'1,001;, against 42,300 torn on the same !
date lasl year. Disengaged, 91.900 tons, against
41.640. On the way to this per;, 199,270 tons, '
against L'OS.tiOU.
WHKAT— The surplus for export from the Ar
gentine public, which ban hitherto b-en plared
«t 5,000.000 quarters, has been reduced to 1 000 -
000. which Is bullish news.
The rally of Monday was short lived, and fu
tures fell back somewhat yesterday In sympathy
with a decline F.ast and abroad. .spot prices how- ;
ever, ruled steady. Quoted «t SI 25ra.l V2U, a I
ctl fur common grades, $1 35@1 36Vi for average
No. 1. $1 371/3 > ctl for choice and *1 42VWAI 50
%* ctl for exm choice milling.
'AM, HOARD BALKS.
Informal Skrsion— 9:l6 o'clock— May— 26 000
ctl-, $132: 12 OJO. $1 i.i-V*: 1:0,000, 32i/
--2000, $1 Sis*; 2000. $1 31 , j; 2000, 1 3IV«. lie'
onil»r— $1 18% '*
Sfcovd Session — December — 2i>oo ctls.
$1 18 ., ; "000. *1 IH^i,. May- 8000. »1 31 7/ .
KkoiiLAß MORNIXI! Skssiov— lit- cember— 2000
ctls. $1 18%: 10,000. *1 18%. May -30.000,
$1 32V*: 2/00. $1 3VJ3/ g : 8000, -1 32Vg. " >WU>
o-Aj^f ?™* bKSSIO - N -* la y- s: Woctls. 91 52 %:
BAhLEY- Bright Feed rules firm. Brewing Is
dull. Feed, 76@80c 1* ctl: Brewing. 87Vj@92V4c.
CAM, BOARD HALES.
Informal Skssion*— 9:ls o'clock— Xo sales.
kcon D .*« van i on — \o sji! e».
Hki.ii.ar Mon.vi>o -kssiojj— No sales.
Aktkrnoox skssion— No .ih:«-s
OAT*— Heceipn lire In excess of the demand
and the market is dull. Milling, $1 26@1 40-
Fancy .Feed, *1 37Mi@l 45: Common Whii.- »l<a
1 10; good to ch<lce. »1 ir>©l 35, according .o
quality: Black for feed, 95c@U 0&; for s<-ed
$1 10@l 25: (;ray, »1 15@1 30; Red, $1 10@l 20
--■ surprise. 81 44(d>l 50 »* cU. '
COHX— The flood from the East continues, but
It Is expected to cease shortly owineto the recent
advance in rail rates. 'I he market Is very dulL
Large Yellow, 7f>rg,Boc: Small Round do, 90c-
White, 77i^'S81!i/8O 9 ctl. *
X YE— Very slow of sale at 85<390c » etl
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 16@1 26 ctl.
FLOIR AND HILLSTUFFS.
Prices for all descriptions remain unchanged.
FLOUK— Net cash r rices are: Family extras
IV, *BtfU 5%L"' extrMi f4 75 ® 4 85: Superl
CuIINMKAL. KIC.-Keed Corn, «17@17 50-
Cracked Corn, $17 50®l 8^ ton. '
MlLi.STl.'FFs— Prtoea la sacks are as follows,
usual discount to the trait- : Graham Flour, 9\i 86
%* 100 lbs: Kye Flour. «2 75 V 100: llice Flour
?5 76: Cornmeal, $2@2 25; extra cream do, $'Z 75-
Oatmeal, *3 50; Oat Groats, *4; Hominy, S3 10
<<S3SO; i'.uckwheai Flour, $3 2ft@3 60: Clacked
Wheat. f» 60; Farina. $4; hole Wheat Flour
*3; Kol.ed Oats (bbls). ?5 Bo®s 90: I'earl Barley
93 7.">(a4: Spilt Peas, $3 50; Green do, $4 25 %J
100 Its.
HAY AND FEEUSTUFFS.
Hay and Bran are plentiful and weak. Receipts
Receipts of Middlings are comparatively moder
ate.'
■ BRAN— *I2 605513 for the best and fll 50@12
¥ ton for outside brands. ' • , •
MIDDLINGS— *IB 60@»19 50 for lower grades
and $2U@2l v ton for the test-
FKKD.STCFFS — Rolled Barley, $17 60@18:
«l cake Meal a: the mill, $26 60 V ton; jobbing
*27 50: clipped Oats. $1 30 (*1 60 * ctl.
HAY — Wheat, *8(g;ll: Wheat and Oat, $7®
10: Oat, $6(a.9 Barley, *7(al8 50: River Barley
55(a.0 50; Alfalfa. ,s6®7 50: compressed, $6®
V 50: stock, $s<£iß; * lover, $«®8 «S ton. - '
STRAW— * bale.
BEANS AND MI I>>.
Beam and Feeds continue dull, with ample
stocks.
BEANS - Bay os. $1 50@l 60 V ctl: Smail
Whites. $1 15@1 25 V ctl; Large Whites, f I@l l6
T* ctl: i^ln-s. $1 10@l 25. Reds. *11O«612O:
Ulackeye, $1 1001 16. Red Kidney, $2 60; Limas.
$1 70@l 90; Butters, $1 25©1 50; Pea, $1 IB@
1 30.
SKEHB- Brown Mustard, *2 SO fa. 2 75: Ye low
Mustard. $1 75 2 V Ml: Flax. $l"35«140: Ca-
Dary -»»ed, l« / i@2 V*c & lb: Alfalfa, b^c; Rape,
2%a2»/ic; Hemp, 3c: Timothy, 4Vic.
UIUK.' PKAB— Nlles. $101 •JO « ctl; Green,
$1 40@l 60 ft ctl. _
POTATOES, OMONs, VEGETABLES.
River Potatoes are In heavy supply and declin
ing. Onions are easy at the reduced prices. Re
ceipts of Asparagus are still light.' '..'. - '
POTATO*:*— New Potatoes, — !) &>• Sweet I'd
tatoes, *1<§)1 SU: Karlyßose. 70M80c: River Keds,
70©S0c: Buibank Seedling*. i.o<#7":<- T* ctl lor
Rlvern,9or@sl 10 for Salinas and't>o@Bjc for Pet
alumas: Oregon Burbanks. 76@$1 10.
ONION >— n 60@l 75 ""£ ctl; Cut Onions, 75c@
91 25; Oregoos, $1 50@2
VEGETABLES— Ho house Cucumbers. 60c@$l
¥• dozen; Asparagus B@l sc %< Ib for common and
'■:0925c * Ib for choice- Rhubarb.— «* box; Los
Angeles Summer .-quash. "6c@f 1 box: los A
ngeles Green Peppers, -10@75c «4 box: Mushrooms,
10@20c i* it>: Marrowfat (-quash. #c(g.7 V ton:
Los Angeles Tomatoes SOcfeSl %* box ; Dried Pep
per», 7@3c $ Ib; Green I'eans, S@3c 1* Ib: I/sAn
ireles firing Beans, 6@loc; Dried Okra. B@i9c 1*
Ib; Cabbage, 4U<Broc %* ctl; Carrots, -s(a,3Uc ifi
sack; Garlic, ly @2e %i Ib.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— Is weak at the easier prices.
. Cekamkry — Fancy creameries, 20(g}21c: »c
--onds, 9 ■ iS tt>.
Dairy— Fancy rolls. 15@16c: squares, 17@18c
V Ib; good to choice, 136tn4c; lower grade*. 10®
12V»c. '. -
Pickled— 13® 14c $ tb for old and 17@18c for
new.
Fkrkin— lS@l4c * Ib for old and i:@lßcfor
new. ■..■'■ -v«+»»
IBKAMKRY Tub-16©17c "Q. Ib.
( HKKssk— Price ar* off again. Choice mild new
Is quotable at 9(slt c 18 Ib: common to good old,
7V 2 @BVic «* ib: Cream Cheddar, il@l2c * Ib;
Young America, lOeilc; Western, ll($12c; East
ern. 1 4@Uy»e.
IfiC: — A not her decline is noted. Kanch Eggs,
l:*@l4c; store Eggs, ll^&l^Vsc; Buck Eggs,
16c*
POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY— ' are lower. Fryers and
Broilers are weaker, but choice young Roosters
are firm. ens are quiet.
Live I'orkeys. 12@13 & m for Gobblers, 12@13c
■$ Ib for Hens: Dressed Turkeys. 13@14 %» Ib;
Geese. •?! nair. $1 5001 75; Gosiinzs, $2 SO to 3;
Ducks, $4 50@5 50 for old and $G@7 for young;
>iens. $:•" 5 <fts4 50; Roosters, yountr, B^s 60:
do, old. «4; Fryers, 84 50GJ5: Broilers. $4 60@S
lor large and $S@3 50 for email : Pigeons, *'.'@
260 doz for young and $l(eoi 25 for old.
GAMI- — Knslish bniie are quo able at $-' *fO@3:
Jack snipe, — S. ■$ dozen; Hare. 76c: Rabbits,
#1 25 for Cottontails aud $1 for small: Gray
Geese. $2 50; While Geese, ?1; Brant, $1 SO;
Hunkers S3 60 @4.
DECIDUOUS AND CIIKUS FBUITS.
Apples are quiet. Choice oranges are going off
belter at unchanged prices. Limes are lower.
DEO.DUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 90c@$l -£ box for choice, $1 25@l 50
for fan y Ked, 60@7fic for common; Eastern,
$1 50@3 ■» bbL
«EUKIEb—
stern Cranberries, $6@7 i» bbl.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges are quotable
at $2@3 * box; Seedlings 75c(gi»l 25 ? box;
; Lemons, 70c<tt$l 26 for common and $1 50<g»2 for
good to choice- Mexican Limes. $5: California
Limes. 75c@tl 25; Baoauas, *lg>2 V- bunch:
Pineapples, •-■(«» ¥ doz.
DRIED FKUITS, BAH INS, NUTS, ETC.
No business worth talking about,
DRIi.D FKUlTS— Quotations on the Fruit Ex
change are nominally as follows:
Carload Lots— Apricots are quotable at 6@9c
for Royals and Hi ..(g.l'.'r for choice to lam y
Moorp&rKs: Prune*. "3@3i,4c for the 4 sizes;
Peaches, 4@!>V,c for prime to choice, S%@7c tor
fancy and i(a,lnr for peeled in boxes: Apoles. S(<&
6Va<: for evaporated anil -.®2V2C for sun-iried;
Pears, 2Vi@sc lor prime to cliolc?. 4O^r%Cfor
quarters and 6@6i/2 r for ha v> ' . : Plums. *• for
pitted and 1 1 :>i/ for unpitted: Nectarines, 3Vi@
4Vjc for choice and 6V2C for fancy; White Figs,
3c: Back Fig*. 2Vi@2"Vic.
Jobbing I'ric*B— Peaches, 4i'r@Tiy2 c "ii Ib:
fancy. bV^a-7'2'" V tt>: peeled. 12V-jo ¥ Ib Apn
cnts, 6Vfe'AV- V* lt<; fane , 10c; >looip»r>;«, 1-fn.
13c; ovui'Orntt d App es, SS^c: sun-dried, 2^i@3c;
Prunes. 3i, 2 c for (Ha 4 sires; Figs, black, 3c lor
impressed and flQfli.fcr for pressed; white Fits 4c;
I Piums, 4Vs^sc for uitted and l^c for unpitted;
. Nectarltus. 4ia>«<- f> IT) for prime 10 fHiicy: Pears,
; "•Vi@sc for wbo.e, 4 y a (g»si.'2C lor quarters and 4y
&OV2C for halve*.
raising—
Carload Pricks — Four-crown, loose. 53/ 8 c:
three-crown, 4? c %( Ib: two-crown, 3*'» c«< Ib;
sretti> s.s Sultatius. 6 Vic: seedless Muscaieis, 4S/ 8 c;
three-crown London layers. 91 16; clusters. $1 SO:
1 <-ht"<a clusters. $2 60; Imperial c:us.*rs, $3;
! dried Grape*. 3c $» Ib.
Jobbing Prices— San Francisco— Fonr-cn
loose, 6%c: 3-ciown, 45,4 c; 2-crown. 3^ic; seed
less sultanas, 53 4 c: seedless Musca.eia, 41.2 c;
3 crown London .avert, $126; clusters, {1 60:
Hehesa clusters, *- 75: Imperial clutters, $3 -5.
N UTS— i liesluuts quotable 21: !"(*lO-; Walnuts
6 1 3 ®7c f> Ib for standard and »'#{•"•.••:- & Ib for
1 sot. shell: Almonds, fiatU.-c for Laug^educ, ;-<"i
■ 3V»i: for hardshell »nd M^9c V Ib for pap.-r<i ell ;
Peanuts, 4At6c "f It for X. •stern and 4c lor Cali-
I fornia; Hickory Nuts !<(g,iic > Ib; Prcans. 7yj@*
! 8c *S Ib; Gilberts, T&&&0: Braz.l Nuts, 71.3g.8c;
! Cocoanuts, s. r :fa.s SO f- iUO.
Hu.NKY— Comb, 10<&l 2 c for bright and s@9c
i for lower grades; wau-r-wliitp extracied, .".&."■> Va«- :
light amber extracted, 4i>@4.°V A c; dark amber, -l© <
4*V<,c: dark-, L'<ft3c 1?. Ib.
BEESWAX— 22©2Sc »* B.
VISIONS.
— ;
Dealers quote a dull market.
CURED MKATS— Bacon, 6c f> Ib for heavy, 7c
■f'. Ib for light medium. 1> y 2 c for light, 10c 1* tb for
extra light and liy»c p tb for sugur-cured. Kas:
--: era sugar-cured Hams, 12@12V<:c; California
1 Hams. 10@10'-..r; Mess Beef, *7@7 50; extra
j mess do, .fsfas •><): family do, 40 iArta.lo ; extra
; prime Pork, $7 502.8; extra clear. *16 i* Dbl;
; mess, *14 > bbl: Smoked Beef, 100 c* Iti.
I. A Hl)— .-.astern tierces is quoted at s Vic for
I compound aim 6t06i 2 c for puru: pails, 7c; <all-
I fornia :!erces. . r >(jsi.»i- ♦* Ib (or compound and 6V4C
i for pure: li<Uf-bbls, 6 :i 4 <- ; iO-lb tins, 7* ie: do, 5 It),
: 71 s ■ fi lb.
COTTirLEXK— 6@6>4c in tlurccs and 73 /4 r<ißi/8C
< In 10-lb tins. ■
HI It 1.-. TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS
. HIDES AND SKINS— The Shoe and Leather
Review lays: "Chicago packer hides continue to
advance despite the decline In the quality. A
block of 4010 November native steer hides
: brought 9\nC and 6COO of January slaughter sold
at 9Vic. All the reports from the Eastern leather
! markets indicate a firmer tone. . Large sales are
suit*, to have been made, the details of which are
not given out. An unusual amount of leather has
I been hauled through the streets, indicating that
j the long-delayed movement to the shoe factories
1 has begun in farm St. Ihe puckers are in a very
! strong position. For several weeks there has been
1 an active demand for all selections. Biandi-d
j hides were closely sold up for some time, but
native and buu-brands lagved behind, and there
was a conslderab.e a< cumulation. Of lute heavy
native s.eers mid cows and butt-brands have, how
ever, shared liberally in the neutral movement,
and at this writing not one selection has even a
semblance of weakness. The country h.de mar
| ket inn been uncertain and wobbly th s
week. At ihe very time some firms were trying
to work buffs from 8V* C up 10 BVfcc one bouse ou
the street broke the market by selling at M/ B e.
The market is nowquotfd variously at Hi/(j<jiiKi
Culls and brands sell lc under sound stoc*. ile»vy
salte.l steers. 8o i» Ib: medium, 7c: lighu 6oaVa<- :
Cowhides, 6®6y 2 <;: s.«lted Kip, 6c V It; sailed
Calf. 7@Bc: ba;.d Veal, 6e; dry Hides, l-'y 3 rg»
18c: < ills and brands, '.)h-ja.A)c. ia Ib: dry Kip and
Veal, 6@loc; dry Calf, l&c; culls, 10c; Uoat?,kins,
20®bi>eHfh: Kids, sc. Deerskin*, good suniinT,
I 25c ip» Ib: medium. 20c: winter, 10c: Sheepsitlus,
: si. ear in.:-i. H'C^Oc each; short wool, > s(g.3^c
1 ea h: medium, M(d)lsc each; Ung wools, 40(gi60c
j each.
TaLLOW-No. 1, rendered. S@3i4c; No. 2,
2' •■<': refined. sc: Grease. 2c V- It*
v» 00L— Slocks are so reduce i that there I* little
opportunity for selection, and no business of any
consequence is looked for until the spring < lip ar
rives. We quote: San Joaquin, 4@6c; Eastern
Oregon, 7@loc V. Ib.
HOPS— t»(aißc fur fa : r to cho.ee and 9@loc %1 Ib
for fancy. There is no business.
GINKRAL MERCHANDISE.
BAOB— Calcutta Grain Bags, spot, Be: June
i July delivery. 6c; San Quentiu, $4 75; wool
I Bags, 24J rt! @26-V<B^.
CJAL— Wellington, $8 1* ton: New Wellington,
$H per ion; Southtield Wellington, $7 &0 9 ton;
Seattle, 15 50; Bryant, $5 50; Coos Bay. $4 75;
Wallsend, tG 50; Scotch, ; Brymbo, ; Cum
berland, $13 50 in but* and *1 •• In sucks: Penn
sylvania, Anthracite E»cg. *11@12 f* ton; Welsh
Anlhrac.te, *n«vHI: Caiiuel, $H V ton: Rock
Springs, < aaile Gate and Pleasant Valley, $7 60;
Coke, SI 1 (a, 1 In bu k and (13 V ton i" ska.
CANNi.u FRUlTS— Cherriei, black or rod.
2i, 2 -Ib, extra, $2 ■""*""*, doz: white < heiries, •_";,■ it.,
extra. $2 60; 21^-tb standards, *2 10: l*«arnes-
Yellow, fr. »1 10(g)l 60: Apricots— 90c@$l 05;
Raspberries. *1 75; strawberries, $1 75.
CAXNK.. VKWKTABLKS— 70c fl
dozen a i -2 Ib tins: lv.is— s .©I 25 f* dozen.
COFFth-We quote:
Costa Rica — li)i/ 2 raiioyaciiotii. for good to prime;
17 / 2 (g)l9c 110 m. fur j;Ood' mixed with black beans;
l(A<g,i'ic nom. for fair; 12@li- 1 /a c for common
to ordinary.
1 • Halva ■ or— lß@)l9c for good to prime washed;
. IC3/i©l7%c for lair washed: 19@20c far good to
prime washed pt-aberry; IBtculbi.ijC for superior
: unwashed; Ifji^c lor good unwashed; 18<8)18Vsc
for goo 1 to prime unwashed peabcrr..
«il TATKMAI.A and jvikjcican— 2l(^2l Vie %i Ib for
1 prime to miiciiy prime washed ikw crop; ,OV*
(312034 c for good to strictly good washed new crop
19V<(al20c ii Ibfor fair washed new crop. 18V*j0
1 19c tor good washed old crop: 16@18 L /4C for fair
washed old crop; la© 15c for medium out crop; 11
1 @13c f> Ib lor ordinary old crop; B@lo^ic for In
ferior to common old cop: ISVaSS'-UMs-- ior good to
1 prime washed . peaberryo.d ci op; l«@lßVa c for
good to prime unwashed peaberry old crop.
FISH— Pacific Cod. i»ich of 1836. 100-tb cases,
*V*o «* Ib: 60-Ib bundles, 3»/ 4 c: Bonriess, 5y 4 c;
,\. i.ilf-s, !).%c; Blocks, sc; Desiccated, BvC ft Quz;
Pacific Herring, 15c t* bos: Dutch do, !K)c<g,*l 10
I > keg: Whitettsh. $1 50 in unlf-bbls and $1 76 in
kits: Totgues and Hounds, $12: Mackerel, bins—
No. 1, $20: No. 2, 818 30; No. 8. *17; hali-bbls—
! >0.,1. «9@9 60; No. 2, «8 50@9: No. 3, $8 50;
kiiß-N.». 1, $1 60: No. 2. »1 Kb; No. 3, (1.
QUICKsILVKU-9! 7 60 » flask.
OIL— CaiiT'irma 1 auor Oil. oases, No. 1,95 c;
bbl», 90c yfr gal (manufacturer.-* 1 rates): Linseed
11, In bbls, boiled, : So. do raw, .->b'c; cases, »c
more: Lard Oil. extra winter s: rained, obis. 55c;
No. 1, 4,' c; cases. So higher; Cnlna Nut, 45(a,52c
?i en lion. ■ • » - .
PETROLEUM, GASOLINE, ETC.-The StanJ
ard Oil Company qu >tes at fo:.ows: W'aterwhlie
Coal Oil. in bulk, IUV3C; Peart • Oil. in cases, 16c-
Astral, do, 16c; Star, do, 16c; Extra !-t»r oil, in
cases. 20c. Elaine, do, 21c; Eoieue, do. , 18c; De
odorized Stove Gasoline, <in bulk, lly 3 c-. do, in
cases. 17r; 63" Deodorized Naphtha, in bulk
10y a c: 63° do. In cases. 15% c; Bb° Gasoline' in
bulk, 20c; 86" do, In cases. 25c 9 it«l. '
WHITE LEAD— Quoted a; Hi@Sy a c V Ib.
RE I) LEA I net able at 5 V*@r>Vjc 9 Ib.
TLRPKNTINt— In esses. -lc; In iron barrels,
39c; in wooden ban els. 41c %> tb.
CANDLE* — The standard Oil Company quotes
as follows: Electric Light— 6's, 16 oz, 7Vic: 14 oz.
6%c:120z 6c; 10 oz, 51/ xc. Granites— b's, 16oz,
g*V2C; 14 oz. 7%c: 12 oz. fc: 10 oz, 6V4C.
i.KAI'HKK-Tbe Eastern markets are quoted
very firm, but prices show no improvement here
Harness, heavy, is quotable at 30@35c ft Ib: do
medium, 28c: do light. 24@25c: Rough Leather,
19a21c; Kips SiO&ib per <Icz: Calf. 70«HUc:
Rough Splits. 8619 c; Belt-kniie splits. 12@
14c; Collar Leath r, black, Il"V<>@l3c ■$ foot:
do, russet, ll"W>@l3c; Skirting Leather, 3iy @
35 9 Ib. .
Sl'uaß- The Western Sugar Refining Company
quotes, terms net cash: Cube an 1 Crushed, 6*V^c:
J-owdered, si: Fine crushed. s"Vic: Dry Granu
lated, 43/ c: Confectioners' A, 4S/ a c; Magnolia a,
4c;.t-xtiaC, 3V s c: Golden C S%c; half barrels
Vie more than barrels, and boxes -Vac more.
, WOOD, LUMBER, ETC.
Posts. B®loc each for No. 1 and 5V2@6 1 /i c for
No. 2; Redwood. $5 ?* cord; Oak, rough, So 50;
peeled, *9; Pine, f 5 75.
TAN BARK— .Nominal.
LUMBER— KaIes are nominal.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Beef. Mutton, Veal and Lamb are all weaker.
Hogs, on the contrary, are in light supply and ad
vancing.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows:
BEKF— First quality, 6c; second. 6@si/2<:; third
do, 4@4VaC * rb.
VEAL-Larg-, 6®6c; small. 6@7c * Ib.
MUTTON— 6@6yic: Ewes, 6y a @6c
■© lb.
LAMB— Spring, 10@llc * Ib.
PORK— Live Hogs, Sy 2 @3%c 1* tt> for large and
3 :' 4 (a,; " s c for small and lueuium; dressed do, 4»i
@be Ib. -^_J
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
FOB 24 HOURS.
Floor, or sits ... 2,810 Straw, ions. 45
Washington... 6,000 Button cm... — 321
• Wheat, etis.. 3SO Ch.e--», ecu...... 10
Barley. ctU... — . *,835 b^gs, 001 mmm 15.780
Beau* sits 279 Hide*, n0...... _ 227
Corn, ctls Pelts, bdls ....„ 55
Eastern 6.4J0 1 Wins. ca1»....._ 47,400
Oats, ctls. 385 Brandy, gals....- '-00
Eastern 1,480 Quicksilver, risks 110
Washington... 9vis Wool, bis 14
I'otatoes, am 6, 389 Leather, roils 29
Onions, sks 169 Lime, bbls 243
Middlings, SKA.. 56 I'laxseed. W. sks 360
ay, tons _ 346 Powder, cases... . 77
Bran, sks 3,065
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks were weaker yesterday, but the
shrlnbaxe was lusigniflcant
The I'tan Consolidated assessment of 5 cents per
share will be delinquent in the company's otlice
to-day.
Ine foilowing assessments have been levied:
Consolidated Imperial Mining Company, 1 cent:
Coast development Company ot Tuoluniue County,
4 cents per share, delinquent March 22: American
Quartz Mining Compnnv of shnsta County, 1 cent
tiershnre, delinquent March 19; Live Uan Kid
Minuet Mining i. ompauy of Nevadn County, lV^s
cen s per share, delinquent March 17.
The standard 1 onsolidated, which has absorbed
the Bodie, Hulwer and Mono iuinc«, has declared
its first dividend of 10c, payable March 23.
BOAKD .SALES.
Following! were the sales in the San Francisco
f-toclt Board yesterday:
REGULAR MOKXIHS SESSION. rnttuixcixa 8:80.
]0l JfcJ&B 68 200 \.bvtr 8* 100 Ophlr 90
100 671200 H7:M'J P0t051....46
400 Bullion... livJOO H&N... 1.25200 45
350 CC&V...2.10;-JOOOccldtl_..o9UoO Savage.... 44
AFTERNOON SKSSION'— 2 :30.
100 R A i: 651400 U A U..... 44:100 Potost 45
100 Bentou ...181300 Mile. 200 s»v»re...4H
200 J.UU.0U....1V. 1 103 oplilr 89 200 Ce1....07
100 Choir ....86 88 10'J •■* Nev... 3(5
50 CCS V... 2.10 200 Occdl 081100 X J«uU(«t..26
Following were the sale* in the Pad He mock
Eoard yesterday:
BFOfIAR SESSION— IO:3O.
400 Ainti 06 150 CC*V2.l7V»'6'»o Occd 09
300 Alt» 04 400 2.if>jl2oo 0ph1r. ...90
200 Andes. ...l 4 ICO 2ife|2oo 89
500 Ee1cb«r....23 1100 2.1 c iOO 87
lOU U&li 69 500 ConN V...01 500 0»rmn....1U
200 .. Be 70i) i nu.. 2 4 600 Potosl ...45
500 ...... 67 -AM Exchr._..O« 1 100 <S«Tm«««.. 44
2uil iiul!iou....l« ti «fc«J 45 700 Scorplon..o2
200 3:-iloo 44 400 S 11 AM. ..06
-'10 I .: 1850 H«r»..1.25 3UJ >N»f 37
400 Caleda....l< 500 Julia 01 800 SHUI 01
2uO Ctillnge. . Justice. ..0< ; 60 Sldrd.. 1.65
300 Ch011ar....90 200 Kentuck..O2 5J Union 38
100 hP lUOO L Wash. .ol 600 37
1200 8S 100 ll«x 40JMJJ UUB 08
20U 87 400 39 40J * «»i ...25
100 Conn 95 ;, ,Jm...
AFTKRNOON SESSION— 2:3I).
! 3on Alr>*» ....06200 CrwnPi..L'2 30J Jfototl 45
200 Andes ...14 200 23 601) bava«e....43
300 Belcoer.. 23 30U U<£C 43,'K00 «J K«v. 36
2SO li & B 65 20J 44[7M)btnrd...1.70
500 Bullion™ 12 150 11& M.221,4. 221,4 300 Uni0u.....H7
500 Caleda....lU 600 Mexlcan..3i- 200 .36
Sou Challge. ..86l'2O) <Jcci<lti....O7 4<Q Ui»a.. 0 /
IS I ••h01r..'...H7 460 Ophlr 87 400 A 06
200 CC.tV...2.)0|500 Ovrmn.... 10 30J V Je*fc....24
oo coun a3| . I
CLOSIXO QUOTATIONS,
TUESDAY, Feb. 16 2p. if.
Jfif.AtA'rt.l BltLAtk'A.
AlnxtCtm..... 07 08 JnlU.... 1; _ 02
Alt*. 04 06 Jostle*. „ — OS
Andes. 14. 15 i. en; net „ 01 C 2
Belcher 23 24 Ijtdjr Wasa.... Oi <2
Best & Belcaer 65 66!. Mexican.: 37 39
Eenton Coa.. . 18 20; .Nevada Qneaa. (4 —
ilulllon 12 Occidental..... 08 09
Caledonia. OH It Ouhlr 88 90
Chollar 87 89 overman. ..... 10 11
Con.CatAVa...2.os 2.10 fotosl. 44 45
Cballeneo Coa. 36 37 savage. _ 4-' n
tun. imperil. 01 t2 scorpion _ 02 OH
Confidence 91 95 ?eg. UelcUar. . 05 07
ton .New You — is; -liver Kill — «1
Crown Point... 22 23 sierra Nov*li 36 38
KasittlerraN«r — standard 1.65 1.75
Eureka Con... — :i. -\ udlcit:«. .._ \)'i i 3
Kxcheuuec .... 02 04 CnlouCuu..... 3.% S6
oouia curry. 42 4.- . Litan.: .- 06 07
llulni. Aurora. 1.20 !.::■ uiijw j^k*. 2* 25
Jackson — 25
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY Keb 16 2r.ii.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
J,trtA\*cen. SUX. jttked.
V 8«s c0ud.312 — U b4sre^...lO» lloy a
Do new issuel22V^ ' —
Miscauxaop, , ny ,,.
Ca,l-stCbless.HoVi — OakUasSs.. - 104
CalKlecL6sl2s 132 Do 20 is 55... 108 llO^i
Cr.iiß.CWsi — b7 'ummDni tfs.. — I'i'i^/m
UpDt-stex-cp — 5*71/411' &O By tta. — 113
fcdsn.LAP6il27l,a — ]PAChRy6s. — 103
0*1041,5,110 I'wl-st KB G»U4 119
Grarv-tt Kssloll^lo2i / <,!keno, WL4L — 10a
11 is 6 Vis. 10J — bacto V& L. — 100
lx»An;lidi - 100 bFANTRSi.. 100&' 8 101
Hu(intped 6.4 — 101 5-PKHArlzBj 9 11,4 —
MKt-stCb!e6sl227B - bpßKCntd*. — 115
DoKyCon 05.1063 8 106v8 s>l'KKtal&4. — 100
NaiVlDtislsl — 100 sPßrßCai6s. 97 —
NevC.NgU7s.lo3 105 bY Water 01. 120 120%
N KvCa! «s. 100 1/4 — ISV Water 44. 100 IOOV4
.Mty Ctd on. — 95 StktnU<EJi6» — 102^
VATKR STOCK Y
Contra Costa 40 42 ibprng Valley 171:. <J7.v.
MarlnCU... — oj | ' 8
«AS AND KLKCTBtC 9 TOCK^.
Capital. - 25 ! Pacific LUht 4"<s.i 50
Central 98y a — iSFOAKIec. 95i/ 8 9«
il L-.lco l.lgti: 6 8 sanFrancsco liZ 3
mtuuul — B4i SlOcktou — -0
Pao Gas imp — 91 j
INSOEANCK BTOCltt.
Flreman'sFdlßo — |
COMVIKIICIAI, BANK BTmiC*
AnElo-Cal 61 — : I First NaUontlßoi>4lß6
Baiiicot C»i..237 — LondonPAA.l37B'4. —
CalSi)&TColuß 110 llerchKx.... 11 —
' KAVINBI BANK STOCK*.
G«TB&L>Oo- 1325 1400 ISav Loan.. _ 105
HumbSiL Uuj — Secnrlty...^.34i —
Mutual 33 — Union Trust. Bls —
b*s>»v Union — 475 ' |
I OTRKKT ItAILIIOAn «TorKV
California.... 107 — iOakSL&IIay _ 100
Geary-at...... 20 — Presidio 414 —
MarJtul-*;.... 4 9 14 i'6^/4,\
~'! : -*.- ! * *"*'*' *T STOCK V
Atlantic D... 16 17 iGlantCoo.. 29 SO
California.... 80 110 iVleorlL... II _ 90c
Eastern 1).... — 85 |
MISCKr.LANKOiri BTOCK*.
Alaska ncm. 100 10414 Xat Vln Co _ 81a
tier Lead Co. 80 100 : OceanlcSSCo 20 "5
HawC&SCa. 15% 16% Am A — "4
Hutch .^l'«.o 2* 24^* Pacßora.xCa — 96
MerKxAssu.. — llu |Pitrf PalntUo — /
SALES — MORN INO SKBSION.
Hoard—
100 Hawaiian Commercial. . 15 75
■20 Giant Powder Con.. '.'.'.'.". 29 75
bO do do --in 29 Ml
20 do do i 9 00
60 do ao .; • 28 00
25 Maricet-st Hallway 43 75
20 SKGai & Electric Co PS 50
115 . do do „ 95 371 A
*5 do do »• ::....:.~ 96 25
100 do ' do 95 \-2ijL
100 do do 95 00
$5000 SV« Bonds '.......'.. 100 25
1 German Savings A Loan 1350 00
$5000 Marlcet-st Ky Con 6% Bonds. .... 106 60
' *! • SALES— AFTERNOON SESSION.
Board— .
30 California-street Rai1r0ad..... .„ 107 25
30 Giant Powder Con... .. 23 in)
16 Pacific Gas Imp ' .*."""" »0 75
65 b F Gas 4; Electric Co .., 9550
20 s v Water , . 97 a-iiz.
*1000 a *X P Railway 80nd5."..".".*.".". 100 b7v^
10 5VWater... ........-....:.„... s7 87%
fiEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
Jemima Webster to Edmond J. and Mary Lin
ftVVA & " A ln i e ß7^ s Viff il F<^ w •'
Adelaide M.Marks to Gertrude I. Mathieson.
l&Sb? N I? 2™ °', f t Valler ftnd "'?" ""eels, "
«^«' andMary%Voifsohnto J»net W. Smith, lot
?5 k 5 e i ?' \* n *l° street, 87:6 Wot Broderlct. W
James H. and Elizabeth E. Morgan. Eliza C.
and Yates Barber and Eleanor M. i rain to a. W.
Tbompsoo, lot '■ on W corner ol 100-vara lot 17,
I»uua survey, sK 19:6. -NE 18.SE INK 20, SE
100, NX 93:6. >*W 122:6, SW to beginning: also
loi on S corner of 100-v^ru lot 17. Lacuna survey,
KB 137:6 by KW 122:6: also lot on- X line of
Lombard street, 105 \V of Gough. W 260:11% by
N (8:9: also all properly In State of California us
legatees, etc., of Nathaniel Biackstone, deceased,
and also appoints him'us their attorney: $1. . ,
Dora Chapman (Sherwood). , wife of W. 8., to
London and .-an Francisco Bank (Limited) lot on
N line of Washington street, 127 X of First
avenue, X 50, N*. to Jackson street, 208 E of First
aveuue, W 81. SW 267:6; $10.
Michael fenead to Mary E. Snead. lot on W line
of Masonic avenue, 126 .N of Su Rose's, N 25 by
W 144:7; gift.
John and Mary Wolf to Wolf-Wreden Company
(a corporation), lot on N line of McAllister street,
331 :6 W of Parker avenue, W 25, N 88:9, SK 25,
S (-9:8; $10. > ■
Garrett C. Sweeney to Robert A. Vance, lot on
E line of North WiUard street, 87:6 S of Aldine, «
37:6 by E 120; $10.
Arthur and Bertha Bailly to Alfred P. Hampton
and Albert J. Bailly. lot on \V line of Church
street, 246 N of Sixteenth, N 50 by W 1-5: $10.
(■"enrude and Alva B. Clute to Union Invest
ment Company of San Francisco, lot on S line of
Twenty-fifth street. 202:10 E of Noe, E 2b by s
114: $10.
Km ma and Henry :Wegener to Louisa J. and
Alof T. irjorgren (guardian of estate of Ueorge W.
Wegener), lot on A line of Lombard street, 68:9 I
ii of Hjde. X 68:9 by N 137:6; 10.
Louisa J. and .Mof T. bjogren to Henry Wee. i
ener, lot on N line of Lombard street, 68:9 E of
Hyde, U 34:4y a by N 137:6: $10.
Alof T. t-jogren (guardian of estate of George
v. . Wegener) to same, undivided quarter of same;
$500.
Annie Senne to Andrew L. Conlln, Nellie A.
Faithful and AllceWitgnon, undivided one-fifth of
lot on SW line of (Seventh street, 55 N\v of Har
rison, >' W 50 by SW 85: gift. •
August O. H. .schultze to Eliza Schultze, lot on
SE corner of Yuba and Indiana streets S 59 by X
100, bfing lot 1, block 362. Golden City Home
stead Association: SlO.
Paul (.lusting to Louisa Oestine, lot on E line of i
Sixteenth avenue, 160 N of B street, N 25 by E i
127:6: gift. 7
Louis and Rose Lipman (London and Ban Fran
cisco Bank, Limited) to Catherine Qulnn, lot on
W line of lath avenue, 200 Xof I street. M 25 by
W 120; $10. *
Marlanulna and Thomas Llnane to M. A. I jams
lot on E line of Thir eenth avenue, 175 N of N
street, N25 by R 120; $10. '
Till in aim & Bendel to George W. C&iwell lots i
679 and 682, Gift .Map 3; $10.
August O. Schultze to Eliza Schultze, lots 8 and
9, bloc* A, Lakeview; $10.
Charles Alsuu to James J. Corr, lot 37, block 4
same: $10.
Edward J. Vogel to Charles F. Leith, lot on NE
line of -Mreteenth avenue, south. 75 SW L street
south, RW9B by NX 100, block 367. south San
Francisco Homestead and Railroad Association;
no.
AI.AMKDA COUXTY.
R. H. Larsen to Patrick O'Knn», lot on SW cor- •
ncr of Lee street and lot 1 of U. C. Lee liO-acre I
tract, thenca S 108 90, E 33:4, Si 112, W 83:4 to
beginning, being the W 33:4 of lot 1, subt iviston
map of lois 14 - and 15, map of survey 824 for H. I
C. Lee 100-acre tract, to correct 448 d 54, Oakland;
$5.
.Meyer and Matnilda Cohn to William P. Tod d.
lot on NE line of East Eleventh street. 50 SK of
First avenue, SE 50 by NE 100, block 27, East I
Oakland; $10.
Frances M. Push to Ruth B. Pugb, lot on SE
line of Tenth avenue, 50 SW of East Twenty
second street. SW 50 by SE 100, being lots 9 and
10, bli'cic 131 B. map of Brennau estate property,
East OaKlaml: $10.
Frederick Heard to Susannah Heard, lot on SW
corner of Page and Seventh streets, S 100 by W
48. being lots 9 and 10, block 45, Tract B, Berkeley
I . and 'l' I. Association, Berkeley; also lot on E
line of Seventh street 165 ts of Rose, s 60 by E
129 being lots 31 aud 32. block 37, same; gift.
John H. and Lucy Moltitt to Grace V. King, lot !
on NW corner of Twenty-first and Myrtle streets, |
N 25 by W 100. block 617, Oakland: $1.
Solomon Banmganen to Sarah Bautugarten, lot '
23, block 25. Oakland; grant.
T. H. Pinkerton.A. Llliencrantz.F. L. Adams, W. |
K. Southard, D. D. Crowley. L S. Burchard, E. M. !
Patterson, A. J. Russell and H. Pratt to Oak- J
land General Hospital, lot on N\V corner of j
Eighth and Grove streets, W 100 by N 95, being
lots 20, 21, 2'J and portion of lots 19 and 23, bloc
93. Oakland: $10.
Hiram 'lubbs to Amanda E. Chase, lot on E
corner of Fourth avenue and East .Ninth street, I
NK3toby sk 150, block 8, Clinton, quitclaim i
deed, East Oakland; $1.
J. L. and Matilda 11. Wetmore to George Ster
ling, lot on N corner of Bonlta and Piedmont ave
nues. n\\ 128:3, NH 9U, bK 93, SW to beginning,
Deiag portion oi lot 1, block 2, Piedmont. Park,
Oakland Township; $10.
J. C. and M.r. K. McMullen to Geo. O. Lane, lot
6, block 2, Blalsdel Tract, Map 2, Brooklyn Town
ship; $10.
North American Land Co. to Jose M. Sllva, lot
8 and X 14 of lot 9, block 18, North Alameda
Tract, Brooklyn Township; $526.
Augustus Knh to (-lias. A. Borle, N Railroad
avenue, 63:73-4 E of Prospect street, E 25 by is |
150. In-iiii; the E J 2 of lot 14, block B, Map of \
property or E. B. Mustick, Alameda: $1000.
Edward and Agnes Harris to Jennie Livingston,
lot on N line of Tnird street, 150 X of Broadway,
E 76 by N 100. being lots 23, 24 and 26, block 31,
subject to a mortgage for $31100, Oakland; $10.
Edward E. Pof.er to security Investment Com
pany, lots 2. 3, 4 and 6, block K. lots 8 to 13. block
D. lots 3, 4 and 6, block B, being portion of
Knowles A Potter subdivision, Kennedy 'iract,
East Ouklund; $10
Fred and KUke M. Stiles to Frank Urar, lot 1, ,
block 6, Graves & Taylor Tract, Berkeley; $550.
Thomas R. and Catherine T. Urudy to San Fran- i
cisco Mutual Loan Association, lot 22 and N 35" !
feet of lot 21. block 105 Si sterna Tract, Berkeley; I
$5. ■ ■ lafiffc
Antonio and Louisa Cuneo to Jones, Allen &
Co.. lot on NW line of Abbey street, 100 SWof
Allendale avenue. SW £8 by KW 100, being lot
», block 11, Allendale Tract. Brooklyn Township;
$10.
iUchard St. John to Arthur Rochat. lot on N i
line 01 sixteenth street. 100 W of Market. W 50 !
by N" 1 25, lots 17 and 18 and portions of lots 12 j
and 23. block 593, Reed Tract, subject to a mori
gate, Oakland; $iv.
William Levi-.ton to George Leviston, lot begin
ning at point of Interaction of th • r.ncinai line
and E line of Campbell street If extended north,
thence W to a point 674:9 W lrom Xt corner of
tract of land called Tract A, In deed of partition
made by Joseph K. Irving et al., August 15, 1853,
and which portion is also distant W 660 from a
line in middle of Peralta street, thence S 789.76,
NX 204.93, SE 92.52, » to beginning, Oak
land: $5.
; P. E. and Mary A. Bowles to C. L. Sturm, lot on
RW corner of Kleventh and Fallon streets, W 80
by N 100, block 16t) Oakland; $10.
Charles Babb to Francesco Mgone, lot 17. block
I), Kllnknerville Tract, Oakland Township; $10.
ii. W. and Mary M. Miller to Ansm S. Blake
and *'. W. bilker, lot on tsW corner of Prince
street and Shattuck avenue, S 50, W 309.33, N
60, X 112.28 to i (-ginning, portion of lot I, block
11, amended map Newbnry Tract, Berkeley; $10.
Charles A. and Alice C. Bailey to Mamie Joseph,
lot on W line of Seventh street, 418.93 S of Char
ming way, W 120. s 34.59, E. laO. Pi 41 to begin-
I nine, being lot 18, block 134, Corrected Map of
A very Tract, Berkeley ; $5.
Euphemla aud A. V. UenKO to Annie E. Draper,
lo;s 12 and 13. resubdivtsion of block E, Elmhurst
Tract. Brooklyn Township: $10.
T. B. and Annie E. Diaper to George T. Wright,
same, Brooklyn Township: *10.
Fred L. and Orra J. Krause to H. U. Maxfield
lot on N line of Nlcol avenue, 100 W of Taylor
street, N 150, W 4.7.40, s 150.02, ESO to begin
ning, being lots 31 and 32, b.cck G, Corrected
Map of Nicoi Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
John Dunn with John H. McKay, carpenter and
brick work, etc., for a 2-siory building on E line of )
Taylor street. 137:6 of Cay, $3727; McDougall
Bros., architects.
Charles F. Quintan et al. wlih E. J. Thayer and i
J. li. ii URhei". alterations and additions 10 three !
frame buildings on X line of Mission street 240 is
of Twenty-seconJ, $1700; B. J. clinch, archi
tect.
Something Going On There.
Down in Ohio the other day, not very
far from Cleveland, I took a carryall or
bus at a country station to ride inland a
few miles. The driver, who carried the
mail for Uncle Sam, was disposed to be
quite communicaiive.
"You don't live 'round here, I a'pose?"
he remarked, interrogatively.
"No— not now," I replied. "I'm from
Chicago.
"Pretty big place, ain't it?" he con
tinued.
"Yes, it's a laree city." I said.
"I s'pose there's something goin' on
there mo^t of the time, ain't there?" he
asked. I nodded affirmatively.
"Well, we ain't so darned slow down
here, ■ he added. "Had a dance in the
Hinckley Ridge schoolhouse last night
and there'll Le a turkey rnffle Tuesday."—
Chicago Times-Herald.
• — • — • .
School-teachers in China run great
risks. A man in Yunsrcnou was found
guilty of murder, and'the judges, after
dooming him to death, also decreed the
death penalty for his teaclier, saying that
he should have taught his pupil to respect
human life.
aXISAMJfcuS XO Ai.l.,\ i..
SUN, MOON AND XIDJg.
QKlTira Status Coast and GKODKTIO Sbitit
Tims ' AND Heights or Hish and Low
felt* AT SfOHT Point. En-tbanck to
«*** fRAN-cisro BAY - Published by orrt-
Authority OF THK SI'PEEISTENDKXT.
Ci^l°KrrT ! )«, blKll an(l lowr w ater 3 occur ai the
of tl>S v ,h* ' ater than » c *"orf Point: me height
February— 18»7. J
Wednesda , February 17.
twlv "£? Ye cx P°'" l of the tides th«
Mlnmn «IS t!des are « lTen "> the left hand
orde^of eßaCCeMlvetldesofth9 day in th«
bbbbh
Sa^^'ffi ad » sSrJS
charts, except when a minus sign (-) p^ecedM the
THIS CALL CALENDAR.
Febbuarv, 1897.
«J<-i.A.\ STtAMlkltS.
NOTICE TO 3IAKINEB3.
nm br ? nch of the United States Hydrographla
Office ocaied In the Merchants' Exchange is
maintained in Ban Francisco for the benefit of
expense* without regard to nationality and free of
expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete sets 01 charts and sailing
directions of the world are kept on hanl tor com
parison and reference, and the latest Information
can always be obtained regarding lights, dangori
to navigation and all matters of Interest to ocean
commerce.
Thetlm« ball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and Is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian, by
telegraphic signal received each day from the
United States Naval Observatory a.: Mare Island.
UN,
A notice stating whether the time ball wa»
dropped on time, or giving the error, if any. la
published the same day oy the alternoon paper*,
•nd by the morning papers the following day.
W. S. Hughes,
Lieutenant U. S. N.. In charg*
The 1 line Ball.
I £>IKCH HTBKOBRAPHIO OFFtO*". 17. <*. 'V. >
Mkbchants" Exchaxow r
Pax Fbaxciboo. February 16. ISJ<7. ' )
The time ball on Teiegraoa HUi m arontj»l
exactly at noon to-day— l «., «i noon of the l'J Jt-»
meridljuj, or exactly m S *•. it, Greenwich utu.
W. S. Huuiiict.
Lipntenant V. M N. in charge.
SKIPI-l^ti I.M'JiLLII,i..M;K
Arrive I.
TUESDAY. February 18.
U S stmr Oregon, Howison, from cruise.
Btmr Jewel, Mad sen, 17 hours from Caspar:
33f> M. ft lumber, to Caspar Lumber Cix
Stmr Corona. Koran. l«i/ a hours from Eureka:
puss ana incise, to Goodali, i^erlcliu «fc Co.
Ship Two Brothers, Winlrow. la flays from Ta
roma: 1986 tons coat, to It I) Chandler. - ■
• Barfc Kufm X Wood. McLeod, 8 days from Sea.- j
tie: 2*30 to us coal, to Central Coal Co. ; r-A
Scbr Una, ll.irklns, 51 da\ s from Panama; 3S(Tr
manogany logs. 16 cedar logs, to Jas Neylan. |
Cleared. \
TUESDAY, February 16.
Br stmr Wellington. Salmond, Nanaimo; RDuiis
mulr <fe Co. • .
Stmr State of California, Green, Astoria: Gool
all. Perkins A Co.
bbip X ii suuon, Carter, Honolulu; J D Spreck
els & Bros Co.
• -; Sailed.
TUESDAY. February 18.
Haw stmr San Mateo. Fletcher, Comoz.
Hmr Glpsr. Inland. Santa Unit
Stmr National Cltv. Anaresen, Eureka.
Brstmr Wellington, Salmond, Nanaimo.
Stmr Caspar, AnfiiHlsen. Caspar.
Haw stmr t*an Mateo, Fletcher, Comox.
stmr Coqullle River, Paton. Grays Harbor.
Bktu b G Wilder, McNelll. Honolulu.
Scbr Chailencer. Souderud, Seattle. -"..-."
Beta Arthur 1, Krog. lversens Landing. •
Schr Chas R Wilson, Johnson, Grays Harbor.
Schr Peerless, Johnson, Tacoma.
Sclir Monterey, Beck, Bo we us Landing.
Telegraphic.
potnt LORng. Feb. 16.— i1l r. *.— W«athar
cloudy; wind W: velocity 14 miles.
Charter*.
The Nor bark Nordlyset loads wheat for South
Africa.
Spoken. • ■
Dec 30— JLat 57 9, lone 81 W. Br ship Water
loo, from Liverpool, for Tacoma.
Jsn 2— Lat 49 s, long 64 W. Br ship City of
Hankow, from Pucet Sound, for Queenstown.
I-Vb 4-Lat IB N. long 26 W, Br ship Fort
George, from Swansea, for San Francisco.
Feb 10- Lat 46 N, long 8 W, Br bark Madagas
car, from Cardiff, for sauta Rosalia.
i>iiiin-«tin Port*.
TACOMA— Sailed Feb IB— Baric Tidal Wave, for
Sa.. Francisco.
CLALLAM BAY— Sailed Feb 16— Schr G Wat
son. from Tacoma, for San Francisco.
PORT ANGELES— In bay Feb 16-Br ship
Speke, from Victoria, for Sydney: bark Mercury,
from Port Blakeley, for Sail r'ranclsco; ship Co
lumbia, from Departure Bay, for an Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— sailed Feb 16-Scbr Bannor. for
-ouna. Feb 13— schr Meteor, for fusel
Sound. .
ALBlON— Arrived Feb 16— Stmr Scotia, hence
Feb 16. and sailed for - —
PORT BLAKELEY— saiIed Feb 16— Bark Mer
cury, for San Francisco ; ship Baring Brothers, for
.PORTTOIVNSEND-Arrlved Feb 16— Bark Vl
dett-, from San Pedro.
COOS BAY— Barbound Fob 16— Stmrs Empire
and Arcata. for ban Francisco. : -
BOWKNS LANDlNO— Arrived Feb 16— Schr
Monteiey. hence Feo 15. ,
SAN DIEGO- Arrived Feb 12— Schr Gen Me*
Pherson, from Honolulu. _.!•„ ™ L ,L
ASTORIA— ArriveJ off previous Feb 10— Br shlj^
Reliance, from Liverpool.
PORT LOS ANGELES-Sailed Feb J6-Stmr Al-
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Feb IB— Bark Fresno,
for Melbourne: scnr Chas X Falk, for San Diem).
SEATTLE— SaiIed Feb 16— Stmr Progreso, for
San Francisco.
Foreign Ports.
PORT ELIZABETH-Arrived Feb 15— Baric
Harvester, from Port Townsend.
ENSENA DA— SaiIed Feb 15— Stmr Orizaba, for
San Francisco. ■
BARBADOS— SaiIed Jan 22-Brshlp %>rnj-aa,
forQueenstown.
SWANSEA— sailed Feb 10— Br ship Craigmore,
for >an Francisco. • . ;
BBOWHEAD— Passed Feb 15-Brshlp Andro
meda, from Oregon, for Queenstuivn.
FALMOUTH— Arrived Feo 14— Br ship Lord
Shafies>urv, from Oregon.
FLEETWOOD— Arrived Feb 14— Br baric Al
mora. hence sept 4.
G.VLW AY— Arrived Feb 12— Fr bark Dusueie'.in
from Ore on.
HAVRE- Arrived Feb 13— Brstmr Wennlngton ,
Hall, heuce Nov 15.
KlNGKOAD— Arrived Feb 14— Br ship Formoia
hence sept 23. '
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Feb 15— Br stmr Em
press of Japan, from Vancouver.
Movements of Trann- Atlantic Steamor*.
NEW YORK- Arrived Feb 16— -tmr Kaiser
Wllhelm 11, from Genoa.
Sailed Feb 16-Stmr Havel, for Bremen.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived out Feb 16- -: nr Fulda.
SClLLY— Paused Feb 16— Stmr Rotterdam, from
New York, for Rotterdam.
'importation*.
EUREKA— Per Corona— l bx fi^h, 88 kegs 34
bxs butter. 21 horse*. IS door*, li pugs express, »
ska coin, 65 M ft lumber, bvO M sblngiea, 60 head
caitle. 1 cs leather, % bol wine.
E R and ER l»— .o ht-bxs 23bxs fish, 2 ke?s 55
bxs butter, 48 cs condensed milk. 1 ci hardware.
432 .M shingles, 3cs dry goods, 1 crat» s iron, 185
Eks oats, 50 bxs applej, 18 sits peas. 6 veal.
Connlgneei. . «;. ■ . >
Per Corona— A Paladlnl : Brlgham, Hoppe& C*>
Dodge, Sweeney & Co: California Furniture Co; v.
H-Kruse; Dairymen's Union; Enterprise BrewerJtf;
H.bernla Brewery- DM Bristol: '. Standard Oil LoH
J R ilr.n\ty. Miller* Lux: N Siml; Russ & Har
vllle; Scott & Van Arsdale Lumber Co; United
State's Brewery: Hllmer, BredholT Schuli- E M
Heckman: Wells, Fargo <fe Co: W Anzer; B Cal «.;
C E Whitney * Co : American Union Fish Co s G
Campbell; GetrßrosA. Go: Norton. Teller A Co*
O B Smith <t Co: Holbrook, Merrill 4; Stetson • \V
S Ray <SCo; J B luga.lia: G Camlllonl it Co- I
Traplnl : Mllanl &Co; F B Halght: ; i-acl fif low
R°k W !Sr"?l & B H» k i r: M cOonongh SKunyon:
IIMsBros: H Dotard : Russ. Sanders & Co; Pacific
Lumber Co; Wheaton, Breon & Co: G de Lucca N
Tarantloo; Boas & Hewlett; E X Steven* dt Co.WEDDED IN
A HURRY
A Wealthy Young San
Franciscan Married at
a Revival.
EFFORTS TO CONCEAL
THE AFFAIR.
The Bride, Miss E.fi?, Ran Away
From Home to Go od the
Stage.
HER MOTHER AND BROTHER
PRESENT.
flis Great D'sire for Secrecy Led the
Groom to D-ny His
Identity.
Oakland Office San Fbancisco Call,(
90S Broadway, Feb. 16. >
At the close of the Munhail revival
meeting to-night a young couple appeared
in the vestry, and a few minutes later Dr. j
Coyle had made them husband and wife, j
There was all the secrecy possible thrown j
around the affair by those moit interested, !
and it was stated by one of the bride's
friends that there will be some surprised
people to-morrow in San Francisco when
the story of the secret marriage is told.
This afternoon Franc Richardson, who ;
is the son of a San Francisco attorney
reputed to be quite wealthy, took out a '
marriage license to wed Miss Effie Cameron i
of East Oakland. Miss Cameron is well i
Known in this city on account ofhersud-i
den disappearance a year and a half ago. i
At that time, the young lady who was !
just turned 1(3, was left in charge of the :
home in East Oakland one day, and when
her mother returned Eftie was not to be
found. The case was reported to ihe :
j oiice, and nothing was heard lor several j
days of the missing girl.
She was eventually traced to San Fran
cisco, and when found at ihe home of Mr?.
Mary Dudley, on Point Lobo» avenue, she
refused to r»turn. She declared that
sooner than return home she would co on
the stage and earn her living, as her
mother was unkind. After a few months,
however, she returned, but not until after
she bad n short theatrical experience.
There has been no announcement pf an
engagement, ana it was a great surprise to
her numerous acquaintances who atiendei
the revival to hear of the wedding.
Tne bridal party arrived at the First
.Presbyterian Church about half-past 8
o'clock, and as Rev. Dr. Coyle was on the |
platform they had to wait. As soon as !
the meeting was over he was told of the
state of affairs, and everyDody concerned
ndjournrd to the vestry.
Mr. Richar lson had no friend with him,
but M ss Cameron was eccompanied by
her mother and by her brother E wood j
and his wife. Mr*. Elwood Cameron was
formerly Miss Lottie Gunther, who at
tempted to conun.t suicide by taking j
roiion on her mother's jjrave some years j
ago.
Once inside the vestry there was no j
time last, and so anxious was Mr. Rich
ardson to keep ibe iiffair secret that he
denied his identity to one of tbe witnesses
of the marriage, even af er Dr. Coyle had
read the names from the iicense. The !
groom's age was given at 27 and that of
the bride as 18, but she looked girlish
enough for 16.
Sue was remarkably cool during the
ceremony, but th^ groom was not nearly ;
so much at his ea=e.
After the wedding the bridal party
boarded an electric car and went to East
Oakland.
The groom is a young man, well con
necied in San Franci«co, and his great
desire to keep the marriage from t.eini;
made pub.ic and the absence of any of his
relatives gave rise to the belief that the
wedding is a secret one so far as he is con
cerned.
TWO EOADS HOLD OUT.
Will Not Join/ Any Combine of street
Railroad*.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 16.— William G.
Hensnaw is expected Irom the East
shortly, whither he went to try ana ob
tain support for the consolidation of the
street railroads of this city. The plan has
. been under consideration for some time,
and recently J. West Martin, president of
the Union Savings Bank-, of which Mr.
Hen^haw is vice-president, said that the
consolidation would in all probability be
effected if Air. Henshaw can obtain the
necessary money in the East for the pur
chase of the road.
While it Is probable that there may be
more exceptions, it is known that the
Hay wards Electric road and the Oakland
•and Alameda lines will not join the con
solidation. A. L. Stone, secretary of the
.Hay wards road, said to-night : "We cer
tnluly are not going into any combine.
We i are not even been approached on
PRESIDENT A. J. GREGG, the Veteran Sfngk-Taxcr of Oakland. j
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
the subject and have no desire to consoli
date our business with that of any other
i road."
Twentieth Annual Meeting.
OAKLAND, Cat.., Feb. 16.— annual
meeting of the Young Women's Christian
Association was held this aiternoon. Mrs.
P. D. Browne, the president, opened the
meeting with the announcement that the
year closed without debt and had been
the most prosperous one in the history of
the organization.
Mrs. Eliza Wolfenden, the secretary,
said that the institution was self-support
ing; that ninety-nine women had regis
tered during the year, sixty eirls had
been taught plain sewing and forty-five
young ladies found good employment as
housekeeper-, companions, etc.
Mrs. Anson Barstow, the treasurer, re
ported on hand February, 1896, $65 25,
received duriru- the year $3950 16, dis
bursements $3905 71, balance $44 30; lia
b?!iti*« — balance on piano $95, on taxes
$63 85.
Revival of Baseball.
OAKLAND, Cai... Feb. 16.— The recent
revival in baseball in this city has re
ceived added interest by the tact that the
Panes and the Hoese'mans of this city
have arranged to play a game on Wash
-1 ington's birthday. The Flutes have been
defeated but once since they left Nevada,
and the Heeseruaus are known as very
successful players. The match will take
place at the new ball park known as the
Golden Gate Athletic Park, at the terminus
of the San Pablo line.
The game will be preceded by one of the
old-time parades which were so famous in
the day of Colonel Tom Robinson's glory.
»ays the la Waywaid.
OAKLAND, Cal, Feb. 16.— George A.
Douglass to-day tiled a suit for divorce
against his wife, but it is not sensational,
as was expected by many. He simply
charges waywardness as a cause of action.
Her escapades, he says, caused talk, and
the humiliation which he felt occasioned
mental anguish resulting in cruelty.
Mrs. Douzlas, it will be remembered,
recently visited San Jose and was followed
by her husband, who found her at a
masquerade ■ ball. She is passionately
fond of shooting, hunting and all out
door sports.
Woman* Exchange Meeting.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 16. —An im
portant meeting of the Woman's Ex
change will be held to-morrow (Wednes
day) morning, at 10 o'clock, at the home
! ot Mr*. Paul Lohse, 1355 Webster street.
| The financial condition of the exchange
j will be the matter discussed, and an effort
I will be made to secure 100 new members.
Their dues of 25 cents per month will be
! of great benefit.
School Children to Parade.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 16.— Th« school
! children of this city will participate in the
I parade on Washington's birthday anni
versary. This was assured when the
Board of Educa.ion accepted the invita-
I tion last evening of the committee in
charge.
SINGLE-T XERS AT WORK.
President Gregg Outlines the
MethoJs That Will Be
Henceforth Adapted.
After a L cture by Joseph Liggett
There Were Several A-di
tions to the Roll.
Oakland Office San Fbancisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Feb. 16. )
The Sincle Taxers started their propa
ganda work on a new basis to-night. Tney
lieid a well-attended meeting at Hamilton
Hall, at which Joseph Leggett of San
Francisco dt-livered the chief address.
The new officers of the league are: A. J.
Gregg, president; D. Stewart, vice-presi
dent; P. B. Preb.e, secretary and treasurer,
and C. W. Pangburn corresponding sec
retary. It is the intention of the league,
which at present consists o; about fifty
members, to hold meetings the first and
third Tuesdays of each month.
During the past lew months interest in
the single-tax system has steadily
increased. The work in this city com
menced about eight years ago. and was
very active for a time. Well known sing'e
taxers, including Henry Geortre, Louis
Post, Ralph Hoy . Judge Maguire and
others, have lectured here under the
auspices of the league, and now that it
i has been re-organized, it is the irvomion
| of the oflice.rs to continue the series of
lectures and to avail themselves of the
presence of any noted single-taxers who
may be in this vicinity.
I're-ident Gregg, who po'.lei a large
vote two years ago as the labor candidate
for Lieutenant-Governor, is very enthusi
astic in the work of the league. "Al
though our work vr.s suspended -o far as
any propaganda effort was concerned, "
said the president to-day, "the oiginr.l
i league was never disbanded, and has
always l>een doing more or less woric in a
quiet manner. Now, however, so much
inicresi has been expressed in our work
that v was decided to reorganize and start
an active catii: aign on behalf of the prin
ciples of s nirle taxation.
"Our membership is increasing fa««t, and
there are Hundreds who will join us as
so' nas they know that we have again
taken up active worlt. We are adopting a
new plan in regard to our meetines which
will certainly help to add to their interest.
In addition to a lecture eacli evening on
some diuinct phase of the single-tax ques
tion, we are also -iving a short musical
nnd literary programme, and it is being
wei, received."
Mr. Legget 's lecture to-night was de
vote I mainly to the leading principles of
single taxation. Several members of the
clul) assisted in the succeeding pro
gramme and many names were added to
me roll of the league.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1897.
THE A. P. A. WILL
HAVE IS TICKET
Indorsements New Being
Made in All the Ward
Councils.
Republicans Will Regularly
Commence Their Campaign
Next Monday Night.
Municipal Trad s U:: ion League Will
Also Hold a C nvention and
Indorse.
' (Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway. Feb. 16. )
Politics is now engaging the attention
of the average citizen, although there is
no excitement Mich as generally marks a
local campaign. The American Protective
Association has now taken an active part
in the fight, and the advisory bourd met
last Friday evening and canvassed the
names of all nominees. From its list
certain candidates were picked out and
immediately sent to the nine councils
within the city. Each of those councils
will vote on the names submitted and
send their returns to the advisory board.
The returns will be canvassed, and the
candidates receiving the highest number
of votes will be placed on the association's
ticket.
. The active work of the Republican cam
paign will commence next Monday.
M etings in different wards will be held
every night, and there will be a grand
wind-un at ti.o Tabernacle on the evening
of March 6.
To-morrow night the Democrats will
open their campaign at trie Tabernacle.
W. W. Foote and Seth Mann, candidate
lor Mayor, will probably be the speakers.
The Municipal Union Labor Club, which
consists of members in good standing of
trades unions, has decided to hold a con
vention on the evening of February 23, for
the purpose of indorsing candidates.
Each of the trades represented in the club
will be entitled to live delegates.
George P. Morrow of Temescal, the
president of the Republican Alliance, is
inak::itr a determined tight to succeed
John Dnggett as Superintendent of the
Mint. The only political position Mr.
Morrow has held heretofore is that ot
director of the Home for Adult Blind.
His competitors in the present tight are
Senator Dsnison and J. C. Currier, who
was Pension Agent under the Harrison
administration.
To-morrow evening the City Council
will meet and will discuss the advisability
of placing on the municipal ballot various
questions submitted to them by J. C. Butt
ner of the People's party. Mr. Buttner's
questions are as follows:
For the fire hydrants to alternate between
the two water companies.
For remitting city taxes for five years on
Ufa luring plants investing $10,000.
' For a comprehensive and efficient sewer
system for the city.
For municipal ownership of public utilities.
For a system of parks and boulevards.
For electors to have right to originate ordi
nances by petition of 20 per cent oi the voter.'.
For municipal reclamation of West Oakland
marsh.
For the summary closing and removal of
saloons in redden; districts where protests are
fl.ed.
For municipal control of the water front.
For city to put all streets in first-class con
dition, the work to be performed by residents
of the city only.
These questions have already been dis
cussed in committee of the whole, who
have referred them back to the Council
without recommendation, as some are
considered practicable and some inadvis
able.
The Portuguese Republican Club elected
.the following officers: President, J. 8.
Alvares Cabral; vice-pre«iaent, John L.
Marian tee: secretary, M. F. Mathews;
treasurer, M. J. Silver, and Martin Simas,
guard. Executive committee — Joseph P.
Dia», John L. Manantee, M. F. Mathews,
If. J. Silver, J. P. King, John Freitas and
A. O. Per v. The nex: meet will take
ulace at Pacific and Willow streets at 8
p. M. Wednesday, February 17.
GAYLEY DID NOT SAY SO.
He Did Not Concede Victory
to the Debaters From
Stanford.
Berkeleyans Thick the C rdinal Men
Ccnsp.red to B.lit'la
Them.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 16.— Much in
dignation bas been aroused among Berke
ley collegians by reports from Stanford
that Professor Gayley, while the juites
were deliberating over the Carnot debate,
expressed the opinion that Morgan of
Stanford bad made the best showing.
Professor Gayley is the head of the Berke
ley department of English, and such an
opinion from him was generally regarded
an showing that the Stanford debaters*
were barely outclassed, if at all by Khali
rivals.
ho such remark was made by the Berke
ley professor. The report from Sianford
«gj generally circulated, however, and
appeared in all reports of the debate that
were sent from that institution.
Want Only PopulUtf.
BERKELEY. Cal., Feb. 16.— The Peo
ple's party o« Berkeley has decided that
it will not al.ow any of its candidates for
town offices in the election of April 12 to
be on any other ticket than their own.
All nominees will be required to pledge
themselves not to accept a nomination
from any convention but that oJ the
Popalista, which will bo held in Sisterna
Hall on March 4.
Loir«r Water Rates.
BERKELEY. Cal., Feb. 16. — Lower
water rate- and vigorous enforcement of
ihe liquor laws are the keynotes o 1 the
Republicans' platform for the municipal
campaign. The party's declaration of
principles contains a vigorous attack
upon the Alameda and Contra Costa
water companies and a demand that the
rates thoy are allowed to charge be cut
down half.
The seventh plank of the platform de
clares that rates for water for public and
private use "should be reduced to the low
est figure consistent with a fair return
upon the water companies' plants."
Other .-tatements in the piatfoim ore in
favor of the "mile-!imit" liquor law, care
for the public scnools and iriving thanks
to Aesemblymnn Howard E. Wright and
State Senator F. S. Stratton for their ef
forts in behalf of the university tax bill
at (Sacramento.
The If C'onte Reception.
BERKELEY. Cal. Feb. 16.-Over 5000
mvi ations have been issued to the grand
reception which will be given to Dr, sad
Mrs. Joseph Le Conte in honor of their
rec ntly celebrated eolden wedding at
Mark Hopkins Institute of Art next
Thursday evenin.-. The reception nas
been twice postponed on account of the
illness of the -cientist and because of the
inclemency of the weather, but that it
will be held on Thursday evening ha-s been
definitely decided. The entire student
body, comprising 2200 young college met;
aid women, will be present. The otiier
3000 invitations have been extended to
the families of the Berkeley students, to
the Stanford faculty and students and to
the most prominent business and profes
sional men in and about San Franc. aco.
ENDEAVOR CONVENTION.
Annual Meeting; of the Alameda County
Union Will Be Held In
March.
OAKLAND. Cal , Feb. 16.— The follow
ing officers have been nominated for the
Alameda County Chtistlan Endeavor
Union to serve during the ensuing year,
and will be elected at the annual meet nsr
to be held In the Brooklyn Presbyterian
Church Friday afternoon and evening,
March 12.
President. George P. Lowell, Brooklyn Pres
byterian Church; vice-president, O. W. Willis),
Ceutetvllle Presbyterian Church; correspond
ing secretary, Miss M. Lulu Boweu, First
Baptist Church : recording secretary, Miss Kate
McDanicls, First Congregational Cburch;
treasurer, F. R. Hull, Trinity Methodist
Church, Berkeley.
Alameda County C. K. Union.
OAKLAND. Cal., Feb. 16— The officers
for the enduing yenr oi the Alameda
County Chri-tian Endeavor Union, as
nominated last evening by tbe executive
committee, and winch will be elected at
the regular convention to be held in the
Brooklyn Presbyterian Church on Friday
afternoon and evening of March 12, are as
fo'iows: Pres;dent, George P. Lowell,
Brooklyn Presbyterian; vice-president,
G. W. Wiilis. Centerville Presbyterian;
corresponding secretary. Miss M. Lulu
Bowen, First Baptist; recording secre
tary. Miss Kate McDanieis; treasurer. F.
K. Hull, Trinity M. E., Berkeley.
Paraded In the Rain.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 16.— Despite the
storm and the announcement in both of
the even:n<r papers that the Christian En
deavor parade would not be held several
hundred ardent young people marched
clown Wash.ngtoii street and up Broad
way to-nignt between 7 an I 8 o'clock,
headed by a few of the pastors. The per
oistency of the young people in their
efforts to show their colors has attracted
universal comment, alt of a favorable
character.
The meeting of the City Christian En
'ieavor Union, which would fall on next
Monday evening, has been postponed one
week, in order that no one may be kept
from attending Dr. Munhall'a meetings.
At tbat time the Sunday observance
question will be discussed.
Mrlanctlion Anniveraar y.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 16.— The four
hunurd ah ann.veraary of Melancthon's
birth, celebrated the world over Dy
Protestants will be observed by the
Engl sh Lutheran Church to-morrow
(Wednesday) evening witb an elaborat
programme. itisoDento the public and
all win be cordially welcomed.
Raided the Lottery.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 16.— Chief Lloyd
has Known for some time that an at em pt
was being made to run a lottery at 372
Twelfth street and to-day he detailed
Ottioers Curtis and Green to make the
raid. The door was barred, but Curtis'
work with the hammer forced it readily,
wLfln Ah S.ni; was arrested and all ot the
paraphernalia secured. A man giving
the name of T. W. Thomas, caught in the
place, was also arrested.
The Mother Acquitted.
OAKLAND, Cal.. Feb. 16.— The trial of
Mrs. Mary Huston on the charge of bat
tery preferred b~ her daughter, Miss
Katie D.ckey, to-day in the Police Court,
resulted in her acquittal, as the evidence
showed that nothing more than a
mother's correction had been given the
child.
Emeryville Object*.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 16.— The result
of a corporation along the water front
from Oakland to Berkeley is now being
felt. The residents east of the town are
anxious to form a sanitary district, and
have petitioned the Supervisors to call an
election for that purpose. The Emeryville
trustees, however, are objecting to the
proposed plan, as the sewers will have to
be carried through their town and emptied
in the bay in front of the town-site.
Sheriff White Siiapiclous
OAKLAND, Cal.. Feb. 16. — Sheriff
Wnu«- has decided to be represented at
the "boxing tournament' at Pleasanton
to-morrow ii ght. H« is not quite sure but
that tile $800 offered as a prize will not De
contested for in a reeular "old time mill."
If in their| eagerness to secure the prize
things become too mixed, the deputy will
interfere.
AROUSES THE NEIGHBORS.
Mm. Lew's Fears Her nuiband, and
Thought lie Was Attempting
to Injure Her.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. — The shrill
sound of a police whistle and a feminine
voice shrieking "murder" and "help"
aroused the neighborhood of Willow street
and Buena Vista avenue this morning
about 3 o'clock. Captain Charles J.
Hayne, City Trustee William Hainmon
and Albert L. Foster, all of whom resi le
in the immediate vicinity, responded
quickly, the latter armed with a shotgun.
Mrs. Lewis, who lives in a small cotta c
on the southeast corner of the street
named, admitted making the alarm, and
told of the efforts of sjine unknown per
son to enter the house. Sue claimed to be
afraid of her life, as the intruder de
manded admittance, saying that he bail
as good a right in the house as she. All
efforts to find the man were unavailable,
but his tracks through the back yard were
visible. He bad run through and jumped
the fence, making his escape on Willow
street.
When seen to-day Mrs. Lewis was very
reticent and tried. to avoid the subject.
She admitted the happenings as narrated
and after close questioning said tnul
the intruder ruieht • aye b>en her hus
band, who deserted her some time ago.
"He ralg t have come in to get out of the
rain," she said, "or lor the purpote of an
noying me."
Ills Imputation Known.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. 16.— Justice
Morris' reputation is spreading through
out the State. He was wholly unaware of
the honor until this niorninsr, when A. M.
Bell, arrested Saturday for soliciting alms,
was arrested. Wnen asked to plead he
surprised the court by aikiug for a change
of venue and declaring to the court: "You
have the reputation of beine the most
severe Justice in the State in sentencing
unfortunates and your reputation as such
is widely known."
Justice Morris consented to the applica
tion. Recorder tit. Sure will hold the ex
amination to-morrow morning.
Another Non-Partisan Convention.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. 16— The postals
for the pr mary were mailed to-night.
Some opposition is being manifested In
the scheme, and this moon a call wait
issued by the old Good Government Club
for another convention. This will compli
cate matters stilt more, as it makes the
fourth convention that will be held before
the ticket ii completed.
■. • — • — .
Mate Wed Held.
David R. Kced, the mate of the ship W. F.
Babcoclc, who was arrested on a charge of
beating a seaman named J'crsival while on a
recent voyage, was examined before United
States Cotnmiss oner Heaeock yesterday
morn.ntf ami helfl in $300 bonds which were
lurniMied and the mate released. The ease
will come up in the United Stateß District
Court on Smurdsr.
EVERY ONE MAY
HONOR BURNS
His Monument Should Come
From the Entire
People.
Promoters cf the P an Wish It
to Be an Expression From
All Nationalities.
All Knw and Loved the Poet, and
All May Join to Hanor Him,
Says Colin B>yd.
The sub-committee of the Bnrns noonu
raent committee, which baa been author
ized to formulate a plan for a permanent
organization, held two meetings within
the past week.
Colin M. Boyti, chairman, and Y. C.
Lawson, secretary of the temporary or
aniza'ion, will be recommended as per
manent officers of the general committee.
The rules of order which will entail the
appointment of sub-committees involve
considerable consideration in order tnat
the entire machinery may be made to
run smoothly. The various programmes
by which the necessary funds may be
raised will also require considerable
thought at the hands of lu is committee.
"We intend to erect such a monument
in Golden Gate Park as will be a credit to
not only the Caledonian Clud, but the en
tire people of this State and City," said
Colin M. Bjyd yesterday. "It must be
borne in mind that this monument is
going to be placed in the people's park for
all time to come, and not lor a day or a
year. The memory of 'Robbie' Burns will
never die so long as the English language
is - piiketi, hence it is nothing strange or
wonderful that the Scotch people and their
descendants in this distant land of gold
and plenty should at this time make a
movement 10 snow their appreciation of
his genius. It will not be looked upon as
a clannish measure.
"To make it purely Scotch would be an
attempt to circumscribe the genius of
him who^e poems have become so dear to
the people.
"Considering th? magnitude of this
undertaking, the committee, of which I
have the honor to be the chairman, will
give all the details intrusted to it the
most carelul consideration. We want the
assistance and confidence oi the whole
people in this undertaking, so when we
are dead and gone our successors may
point with pride 10 :he monum nt in the
park which was erected under the au
spices of the Caledonian Cluo in 1900.
"Permit me to tay that we appreciate
the offer made to the monument commit
tee to accept a benefit in the Alcazar,
but :or the present we have not deeMed
upon any one plan for raising money."
The commit.cc on membership to which
D. li. McNeill, Andrew Wilkie and Colin
M. Boyd have oeen appon.ts.l, is also con
sidering the best means to obtain the co
operation of the best citizens, irrespective
of nationality, the object being, as ex
pressed by Mr. Mcrsab, to give the under
taking a broad and universal character.
it l- expe. t? 1 thai both o these sub-com
mittees will have a line of action formu
lated for the consideration of the monu
ment committee when this body meets
to-morrow eveninc.
DIDN'T HEAR THE BELL.
Evident Carelessness Results in
a Bad Streetcar
Accident.
F. H rmann and Companion Injured,
and a Buggy Smashed by an
Ellis-Street Car.
By the collision of an Ellis-street elec
tric car and a buggy and horse near Goueh
street yesterday morning, Frank Her
mann, collector for a downtown business
house, and a companion were pretty badly
jolted up. The former, it is believed, is
injured internally.
The grade at the bottom of which the
accident occurred is rather steep, and
even in fair weather gripmen find it diffi
cult to bring their cars to a halt within a
reasonable distance. In wet weather the
feat is almost impossible.
Hermann was driving his bnegy toward
Octavia. street when car 573, William
Shine conductor, wa* comin down the
sraile. Though the carbell was rung sev
erai times, Hermann did not seem to hear,
and when the collision occurred the
bugpy was overt!. rown and the two men
thrown out bodily. The horse managed
to retain its footing and rushed off with
the wreck of the vetiicle.
The injured men were taken to an ad
joining carp.Miter-shop and cared for pend
ing the arrival of a physician, who had
been hastily summoned. It is feared Her
mann has receiver internal injuries. His
companion, vtione name cou.d not be
lenrned, was bruised about the head and
shoulders, but was able to go home unas
■iitad.
In speaking of the matter to a passenger,
Conductor Shine said ample warning was
given Hermann to out of the way.
Every effort, he claimed, was made to stop
the car, but it could not be done in time.
IVY'S '97 GREETING.
An Enjoyable fr-ntertainment l>v a Chap
ter of the 1 <». .T.i Star.
The '97 greeting o( Ivy Cbapte*, Order
of the Eastern Star, given to its friends
last evening in Golden Gate Hall, was an
other of those delightful entertainments
for which this chapter is noted. They
are always so productive of genuine pleas
ure that the prospect of rain, as was
manifest early last evening, did not keep
away the large number who were invited.
The hall was crowded to its capacity with
those who assembled to listen to the sev
eral numbers to be presented.
Worthy Patron E. P. Morey acted as
master of ceremonies and announced as
the first number a recitation by Master
Lloyd Rowley. This was followed by a
piano solo by Mrs. D. M. Jackson. Mrs.
Alice "Waltz Bang a soprano so'o wiih
violin obligato by Miss Mabel Holbrook.
Miss C. Wetjen, a younp miss, gave a
whistling soio, rendering "'Javellena
Rusticana" with wonderful precision and
sweetness. Her style is very similar to
that of Mrs. Shaw, and it planned the au
dience so that she was forced to give an
encore. Mrs. Harry Clark, possessed of a
pure contralto voice, sang "Sweet
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
T5» hi- /7
linlli jx^Jfr //f/ ~ m Jen
\lolets " and she was followed by Miss
Wabei Holbrook, who gave a violin solo.
The entertainment concluded with a fame,
'The Matrimonial Advertisement," by
Misses Florence Raymond, Jeannette
Patridge and Jennie Williams, ami Messrs.
George Crandall and Frank Houpt. This
as well as the other numbers was meri
toriously and loudly applauded.
Then followed the disposition of a very
jpretiy painting presented by Charles S.
Tuton, the artist, and a lea:her sofa
cushion in burnt work, donated by Thomas
Lckwooa to the charter. The de*ifjn on
the cushion was odd, but an extraordinary
piece of that character of work. There
wasabo a grab bag in charge of Mrs. Cyrus
C. Dow, which wa- productive of much
amusement. The evening closed with a
dance in the lower hail.
The committee of arrangements were:
Mrs. J. J, Evans, Miss Jeanette PatrMce.
Miss Florence Raymond, E. P. Moiey,
worthy patron, and Frank Maxon. The
comraitiei? was ably assisted by Worthy
Matron Mrs. Jennie A. Uraves. The greet
ing was declared by all a great success.
SUNDAY CLOSING FIGHT.
The liquor Men Declare '1 hat the
Christian Endeavorerg Must Not
Be Ignored.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 16.— fight
over Sunday closing has now become
thoroughly organiz?d. The Christian En
deavorers have outlined their platform
and plan of campaign, and now the Oak
land Protective Association has issued
the following circular:
Dear Sir: At & regular meeting of the Oak
laud Proactive Association held on January
19, 1897, it was decided to give lair warning
to ail wholesale mid retail liquor dealers in
this city of the approaching danger threat
ened by the temperance fanatics and Christian
Knile»yorers, who are thoroughly organized
and will make a stubborn and determined
1 fight from now until the Bih of March to close
up all the saloons in this city from 10 o'clock
p. M. Saturdays until 5 o'clock a. m. Mondays.
Now, if every one engaged in tha business
In this city will become a member of our as
sociation and pay into the treasury the sum
of $6 tor one year's dues, payable to the secre
tary immediately, the Slate association lias
agreed to fight this matter in our behalf to a
successful lermUation; but all dealers will
have to stand their share of the burden.
You will not be assessed tor any money dur
ins the year 1897, as the $6 dues from each
dealer w 11 be sufficient to pay all expenses.
If you value your business you will not hesi
tate, but go right to work. " By presenting a
united front and every one of us working for
the sustenance of our rights we will win out.
If, however, one-half of the dealers think the
other half should do the fighting and let
themselves off free our cause will be lost.
: Theo. Gier, President.
M. J. O'GABA, Secretary.
More Blythe Litigation.
A cross bill of complaint in equity was filed
by the Blythe Company in the United States
Circuit Court yesterday in the buit of John W.
Blythe and Henry T. Blytho aßainst F.orence
B'.ythe Hinckley, Frederick W. Hinckiey, tho
Blythe Company (a corporation) and Boswell
M. Blythe. The complaint asks for a receiver
and an accounting.
JEW TO-DAT.
pi IfTcutter
Mm EXTRA
|F™<i UIQ
Mm Bourbon
family and
>. medicinal
.f.CUT^| whiskey
*• BXTIU "4P for a
<&> l IttU^ quarter-
nSlS^ century.
USLJ E. MARTIN
411 Market St.,
San Francisco.
X*^"^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
AaeHiß^-'* KEARXYST. Established
P«PlCjEli| '" 1554 forthetre.itmpntof Private
tikfLg&B&l Disenr.cn, Lost Man hood. Debility or
wgjggSPgadlseasewearingonbodyandmlndand
O|^H|^^9 skin Disposes. J l'hofloctorcureswhoii
OmHMflH<>ti:t'i.';fai!. Try him. Charges low.
CW3££il£fid!Cnr<>»cnarant<-4>d. Callorwrite.
Dr. J. »'. uIRaON. Bo »19S7. San Francisco.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
WHITE SHU LWB.
United States and Royal Mail Steamer)
uiiuv
New York, Queenstown & Liverpool,
bAlLi.Slt KVijili V»j^JiK.
CABIN. »50 AND UPWARD, ACCORD- /Mt
ing to steamer and accommodations 43h9k
selected: second cabin, $.2 and fti. 60: -Majti
and Teutonic. Steerage Tickets from England, Ire.
land, Scotland. Sweden. Norway and, Denmark
through to San Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets,
aniline dates and cabin plans may be procured
from W. H. AVEKV, Pacific Mail Dock, or at in*
General Office of the Company, 613 Market street
under Uraail HoteL G. W. FLETCHER.
Ueneral A ten: lor i'aciHc CoasL ■
"I am 42 years old," said a Philadelphia bookkeeper, " and have
always led an indoor life. I have been a great sufferer from consti-
pation, and my liver has seemed to be out of order almost all the
time, and my face looked yellow. Some time ago a neighbor of
mine suggested that I try
Riparts Tabules
and I did so. I now take them whenever occasion arises, and
feel much better. My bowels act well, and people tell me my face
has taken on a more healthy look. I usually take one Tabule every
day and another at night before getting in bed."
KEW TO-SAT.
FREEIffEBYIAi
THE METHOD OF I GREAT TREATMENT
FuR HEARTS OF Ml
WHICH < ITRKD HIM AFTER EVERY.
THING ELSE JF AILED.
Painful diseases are bad enough, but when a
roan is slowly wasting away with nervous
weakness the mental forebodings are tea
times worse than the mo-it severe pain. There
Is no let up to the mental suffering day or
night. Sleep is almost impossible, and under
such a strain men are scarcely responsible for
what they do. For years the"writer rolled and
tossed on the troubled sea of sexual weakness
until it was a question whether he had not
better take a dose of poison and thus end all
his throubles. But providential inspiration
came to his aid In the shape of a combination
of medicines that not only completely restored
the general health, but enlarged his weak,
emaciated parts to natural size and vigor, and
he now declares that any man who will tako
I the trouble to send bis name and address may
have the method of this wonderful treatment
free. Now, when I' say free I mean absolutely
without cost, bt-cause I want every weakened
man to get the benefit of my experience.
I am not a philanthropist, nor do I pose as
an enthusiast, but there are thousands of men
suffering the mental tortures of weakened
manhood who would be cured at enca could
they but get such a remedy as the one that
cured me. Do not try to study out how I can
afford to pay the few postage-stamps necessary
to mail the information, but send for it ana
learn that there are a few things on earth
that, although they cost nothing to got, ate
worth a fortune to some men ana mean a life-
time of happiness to most of us. Write to
Thomas Slater, box 2283, Kalamasoo, Mich.,
and the information will be mailed in a plain
sealed envelope.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
PACIFIC COAST_STEAISHIP CO.
STEAMERS LEAVE BROADWAY AflL
wharf, San Francisco, as follows: '*** <t lT'
For Mar. Island, Lorlng, Wrangel. Joneau, Kll-
llsnoo and Sltka (Alaska), at 9 a. m., Feb. 10, 25.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes and
New Wi atcom (Bellincham Bay, Wash.). 9 a. il
Feb. 4, 10. 15, 20, '2b. and every fifth day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. F. R.
X., at Tacoma with N. P. R. It., at Seattle with U.
N. Ky., at Port Towusend with Alaska steamers.
For Eureka, Area a and Fields Landing (Hum-
bold! Buy), sir. Pomona '1 r. M., Feb. 1, 5,9, 13,
17. 21. 35, and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon, Cayucos,
Port Harford (San Luis Üblspo), (iavlota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, *an Pedro, East bun
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 A. U.
Feb. 3, 7, 11, 15, 19. '23, 27, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For San Dieuo. stopping only at Port Harrorl
(San Luis ObUpo), Santa Barbara, Port Los An-
"eles. Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
a.m. Feb. 1,5. 9, 13, 17, 21, 26, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For Knsenada, San Jose del Cabo. Mazatlan, I.s.
Paz and Quaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
a. 11. 25th of each mouth.
'1 he Company reserves the right to change with-
out previous notice steamers, sailing dates and
hours or sailing. Ticket office— Palace Hotel, 4
New Montgomery street.
000DALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen'l Agents,
10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE O. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAN I>
From Spear-street Wharf, at 10 a. m.
FA ■pxrrsia First-class 1 Including
.AIIJMsh} Second-class /berth <fe meals
-• • SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
George W. Elder. Feb. 12, 28
State of California Feb. 7, 17, 27
Through tickets and through baggage to ail
Eastern poluw. Bates and folders upon applica-
tion to
F. F. CONNOR. General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS <& CO. Superintendent*
fßHßajli R. *. AUSTRALIA Mr
lEfflif IE HONOLULU only.
• £■■■■■% Tuesday, februar JS.
llf ™ at -p. v. Special party
ir% rates.
rcrtwIIDIII^ alls via HONOLULU
/J^mFWnjL. and AUCKLAND tor
\{Jlll[Allt«P bYDNKY. Thursday,
March 4, at 2 p. m.
Line to COOLO Aust.,and CAPETOWN
Bonth Africa.
J. 1). SPAKCKKLS & BROS. CO., Agent*
114 Montgomery strew*.
Freight Office. 327 Market >»n franrt-v*o.
COMPAQ W. m ERAL TEAISATLUIIQOI
French line to Havre.
/COMPANY'S PIER(NEW),42 NORTH J^(R
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by •^"SJIJ
this line avoid both transit by English railway an 1
the discomfort of crossing the channel In a small
boat, .New York to Alexandria, Egypt, Vi» Paris,
first class 9 160. second class 116.
LA BOUROOGNE Feb. 20. sa. it.
LA CHAMPAGNE Feb. 27, 8:30 a. k.
LAOASCOONE March 6. sa.sc
LA BHETAGNF. March 13, 8 k. il.
LA NORMA.VDIE Mar.n Lft 6a. it.
gfST For further particulars apply to
A. FORGET, Agent,
No. S. Bowling Green. New York.
3. F. FUGAZI <t CO., Agents, 6 Montgomery
•venue, San Francisro.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St*
At 6 P. M. Daily, l'reit-hc received -up
to i:3l> I*. M.
jJSr Accommodations Reserved by Telephoaa.
The only lint- se.llng through tickets and giving
through freight rates to all points on Valley
Railroad.
STEADIER*:
T. C. Walker, J. D. Peter*.
Mary Garratt. . City of Stockton.
. Telephone Main 80S. - t'su. Nay. and Imp:. U«
FOX VALLEJO AJD U. S. IAYMAKH
BI'tAJIER "3IONTICKLLO," -
Dally ex. Saturday <& Sun- 10:30 a. k. and tr.it,
Saturdays •10:30 a.m., 4, r. ic
Sundays 1 3 y. Sb
Landing Mission-street Donic, Pier 2.
Teirphone Black 261. .
•Trip gives U hours s:op | at Navy-Yard.
FOR m JOSE, LOS GATOS& SAmCRUZ
OTiSAMER ALVISO LEAVES PIER 1 MOV
Oday. Wednesday. Friday, at 10 a. m. Aviso
I uesdar. Thursday. Saturday, at 3p. v Freight
and Passenger. Fare between san Francisco an*
Alvlso, &0c; to San Jose. 75c. Clar at. ■»■-- JL
w W. baata Ci*r» iv uau Jo** fc
1112
WOULD FIGHT
FOR CUBANS
Patriots Are Ready to
Shoulder Arms Against
Spain.
Brutality to Subjects Rouses the
Sympathy of Many Old
Soldiers.
It Will Not Ba Kany Days Until a
Mass-Meeting of Liberty's
Friends.
Mayor Phelan was ill yesterday and
transacted as little business as possible,
but one of the first acts lie will Jo when
he resumes business at the office will be to
appoint the committee of citizens already
selected by the local leacui to co-operate
with the New Yore order.
Interest in the movement increases
daily and letters are coming to Messrs.
Jones and Mascberini from all parts of the
country. The following from the Veter
ans' Home shows ike spirit of the old
guard:
Veterans' Home, >
Napa County, Cal., Feb. 14. 1897. i
Faust Matchtrini Em., San Francisco— Dear
Sir: One of the proverbs reads: "A friend
loveth at all times, and a b;o:h'.-r is born for
adversity." We veterans love and fought for
freedom's flag. Every day we read oi such
cruelties to the oppressed of Cuba by that i
butcher Weyler we sincerely regret that most j
of us are physically incapacitated for duty in ;
the field. However, our sympathies are (or j
the Cubans in their struggle lor liberty. God- !
speed the Cuban League in its patriotic work.
It is gratifying to read the names of such
humanitarians and patriotic citizens for the j
Cuban committee as were published in this
morning's Call.
Perhaps in the near future you may hear
from us in a more substantial way. Yours, in
sympathy, Winfield Scott Morgan.
Fighting men are appearing in great i
numbers from ail parts of the country.
The following, from Sonorn. is a fair
sample of the offers which come from men
who feel ready to do more than merely
tain:
Eonora. Feb. 12.
To }fr. Faust tfaseherini, Stcretary rf Local
League for Cub-in Libeity, San Francisco— Dear :
Mr: Having heard lateiy that you are organ- ;
izing a com pan v of men for service in Cuba I
hereby offer you my services, providing they
are saiisiactory to you. I em a native of
Switzerland, 30 years of age, and I have served
seven years in the military service of Switzer- j
land as an officer (up to 1893). I speak, read 1
and write French, German, English and also j
some Italian. lam in excellent Health. lam j
an experienced and first-class shot and am ex- !
pert in all kinds of rifles and ammunition. I i
am a good horseman also. I cm furnish my
own rifle (a Martini) and 3-100 rounds of am
munition (smokeless powder and steel-covered '
bullet:-).
Should you require my services in Cuba's
cause please let me know immediately, and if
possible specifying whai position, if any, you i
nave for me. Receiving a satisfactory answer !
1 am at your disposal at any desired time. I
Very respectfully, bert Sohleidegger.
Sonora, Tuoiunine County, Cal. Hotel Vie- j
toria.
The following letter from a professional j
man shows the way the question is viewed
in San Francisco:
Sen Francisco. Feb. 13, 1897.
F. E. itaiirherini K-q.. 718 Greenwich street,
City— Dear Sir: Please add my name to your i
roll of Cuban hympathizsrs of Sin Francisco. j
Respectfully yours, C. J. Schmelz M.D.,
1437 -Market street.
Each day brings a large quantity of mail,
and there are many callers at Headquarters. '
Nearly all of the old soldiers are heartily j
for Cuba, and they are generally willing to j
fight for her cause, if necos-sary.
DANGEROUS LAUNDRIES.
Chinese Method of Spraying
Clothes Spreads Dis
ease.
• *
Chairman Hart Will Introduce an
Ord:n2nci Forbidding the
Practice
Tne following report from Dr. Henry H.
Hart, chairman of the Committee on Bath
houses and Laundries, will be read before
the Board of Health to-day:
la conjunction with Inspector W. H. Tobin
for several days during the pust month 1 vis
ited a number of white and Chinese laundries.
In the former I found rapid progress being
made in sanitary improv ments in every de
partment, and fully $15,000 has been ix
pended, while In the Chinese laundries about
$5000 has been (-pent, thus proving conclu
sively the great necessity lor an inspector in
this branch of the Health Department.
In the Chinese laundries Improvements are
being slowly made, bat in sp»le of ail saniiury
measures danger from the spread of contagious
diseases Is apparent on account of the iilthy
habits of the inmates. Sleeping under the
work tables still continues; the use of their
patrons' clothes for bed iinen, pillows, etc., is
an everyday occurrence.
The dangerous mouth spray from consump
tive ana diseased Chinese flourishes as in the
past, and In this connec ion 1 will introduce
at this meeting an ordinance, to be submitted
to the Board of Supervisors, prohibiting under
severe penalty the spraying of the clothes with
the mouth.
1 find many laundries too small for the pur
t>o«es for which they ere uited. the inmates
being crowded together like so many sardine?.
Opium den« exist in lully two-thirds of the
60-called respectaßle Chinese laundries in all
parts of ihe Citr, and whites of both sexes are
irequenters of the places, by day and night.
As stated before, having spent a number of
days during the past two months in visiting
ihe laundries in company with our inspector.
1 find that an assistant i- urgent. y needed, as
it is an utter impossibility for any inspector to
do just cc to the work alone. All portions of
the Ci y have to be viittd. and frequently
three or four visits are necessary to one
laundry in order to ascertain whether the re
quired work has been completed. Attendance
in court is a frequent occurrence, as a number
of arnsts nave b.-en made, and portions of the
City have not yet been iufpacted.
Nevertheless, great credit can be given to
Inspector To bin for the «b,e manner in which
he has handled the work of his department
during the three months of its existence, and
1 will suggest, under tne circumstances, that
an assistant bath and laundry inspector be
appointed to assist him in his duties.
1 do not believe that there is a department
of so great importance, next to our Pure Food
Bureau, by which disease can be prevented, as
in these laundries and bathhouses, which can
generate and spread disease broadcast, and It
i* unnecessary ! or me, in this limited space
to go into explanations. Respectfully sub
mitted, . He.vky H. Hart,
Chairman Committee on Bathhouses and
Laundries. *
♦ — -♦ — »
TEOOP AS PLAN.
The Cavalrymen Aniima to Own Their
Own Horses.
The proposition of the unaitached com
pany, Troop A, N. G. C, to >ecuro a Jar.ne
site for the purpose of having mounted
druls, to which allusion has aircady been
made in The Call, now includes twenty
five horses to be used by the troop, which
liava t.een promised to the following
named gentlemen : John I'«rrott, Baron
yon Schro"de r , W. S. Ttvia, Frank BurKe,
Herbert C. Coil of Woodland, John F.
Boyd. Hir.tm Corey, X Sudden and J. D.
Carr of Salinas.
It is proposed to secure a site in the
■\Vestern Addition upon which to build an
armory and stables and have yard room in
whioh'to drill. If this can be secured Cap
tain Jenks proposes to make his company
ouu oi the best drilled in the State, and
with that idea in view it is proposed to se
cure Sergeant Moffatt of Troop B, Fourth
United States Cavalry, whose term of en
listment expires next month, as drill
fcer^eant.
To do what is proposed requires funds,
and as a way of securing them it is pro
posed to secure a number of honorary
member^ who will pay $50 each per year,
and by so doing avoid jury duty. Ten of
these wouid contribute $500, and that
added to the State allowance ami the
amount the members would contribute,
would, it is thoupht, provide a sufficient
sum to keep up the organization.
NAMES OF STREETS.
The Merchants' AxocUtioo Wants
Proper Signa on All Thoroughfares.
The Merchants' Association has for
wardei to Superintendent of Streets Am
brose the following letter relating to hav
ing the names of streets r laced on street
corners:
Dear Sir: Tne board of directors of thi> n»<n
cintion has had under consideration the ques
tion of fctrect si«ns on street corners oi the
City. The absence of n;ai:y signs was noticed,
and tho board employed a party fir two weeks
to examine the Co; ners of the streets ihroush
out tlic City. A carefu; rei>ort has bten pre
pared of tnose corners where street signs are
missing. A copy of this icport is herewith
sent to you. Tins list shows, in the first place,
those (street corners that have lamps but no
siens, anri secondly those street corners with
no lamps and no signs on the comers.
We tind that Order 1727 of thr iioard of Su
pervisors provides that 6treet si?ns Fhall be
erected and maintained at all street corners oi
the City. The owners x>i real estaie cornering
on the crossing and intersection of tne streets
are to bear the expense of maintaining these
strefi signs upon tne corners. Tne provisions
of theordercover ail cases and sectlou 3 makes
it the duty cf the Superin tendent oi Streets to
notify the owners oi all corner lots to comply
with the provisions of the order and eniorce
the same. Tne importance of having street
signs for the guidance of ihe residents of and
visi.ors to the City is apparent and we respect
fully request thai in so far as it may be within
the province of your office this ordinance
be enforced. Awaiting your kind repiy we
remain, very truly y>urs.
Merchants' Association.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL,
! J Harvard, lowa J Ortland, N V
! R Sanders, NY T A Jasper, Bolsb
; A (<oncalv»*s &w, Sacto L Ci Couiurd, :»"ev
| J Krean, Nev J o Spieler. Nev
G c .Mi:ch.ll, S Clara M smith, San Jute
F Culver, MOCKton E J (>lllen <fe w, N V
.Mr, I. X Closseit, Santo T 1" Grern, oan Jose
i X S Johns -n, Sir Josb X a Morgan, San Jose
8 .' Mooney, Los Gatos \V E RcavU. Fresi<o
■ (i Pabft, Fresno 8 llandon. Btoo<Uin
I H S Johnson &w, Ala \V Gentry, I'asadena
0»• Weldon. l'asidsna T Mrbenuotl, iienlcla
A Perlclva &w, leka F J Boreas, Y*re«a
a (, Will. i»a Miss F Will, la
i J J Garret:, N* V Miss X Webling, Eng
I Miss i- Wi Win :, Eng Mis, L Webliug, i ng
M.B* KMacFailane, Can F W fehipman. Toronto
Mr Johns &w. Stock J Donovan. Seattle
J .lunncn, neatt c X Wilsjii. 8 oc-Kton
A E Vcrnon. N V Ja Henderson <£ .Utah
h .Nelson. Seattle J Johnson. Santa Kosu
J McCar y, Merced c h i-awyer, Fresno
D J liuram, bouora C KidJer. Sonora
s CTy.er, Monterey J A Meiz Auiioch
llt T Reynolds. Chicago JC i. ramer, N V
ST Ames. NY J a Brown, Oregon
A nh.z, MHrysvilla X n JoiiUn, I' 'rtervllle
H J Ca.ttou, iv.are P B Gaivan, Milton
RUSS HOUi-E.
i D Young. Stockton J X Incalls. Berkeley
; C Hall. Portland ii M Ford. Ainador 'city
! It X Keyset-, Nev J M laniion. Salt l^ake
! J Boyd. Concord s Uran.. « oncord
| X B Fulton, -nuta Rosa J Ilumphrev. Reno
8 Logan, Reno J Young, Walnut Creek
( s M Mesjle, i.os Ang a l.ousliead. «.rayson
, TS .v.erci.an:, Hekld-ttg W D Kn»pp, Santa Rosa
1 X Ameli-. Santa Rosa UGaliowar. Walnut Ii
I J X Norris, Los Angeies I W MrKenzie, Nada
It Wi ittnuire. S Rafael T C liutnn. Plymouth
M Leach, mouth \V Ltgnood, Sal
Miss Jeiiivin^. Alameda A B Ward, Frvs o
C Cranz f^an Jo<e W W Williams, Nev
1 D Robinson, San Jose IS Mempli-.Weavervllle
| M V Kellogg. Seattle Mrs J (' Hegsel, W Bernar
i Mrs M .1 » ook, Be.mont W J Tucker. Denver
j M Herrlck, Los Ange es F Ferrall, Colorado
Mrs >J.«cFarland,N«ipa A Blaettler, Salinas
A - Nichols, MerraviUe R l) l.eeii(eit,sacramento
I F A very, ~aus«iito M Wagner, Brooklyn
I A: iss C Houston, liklyn Mr» M Bradiey, liklyn
G W Wil I*, isacto It El is, .-an Jose
T Jones, Los Angeles W X Bailey, Chicago
It W Carr, st Lou s
GRAND HOTEL. -,
J Spau'dine. > üburn T Ingram, Grass Valley
J X Harrington, til »<C -iuc-lair & w, Colo
i O A Nlhell, Nev City Mrs Miller. Tiuckee
, F J Yost. Stock. on E Opp»tih*-lnj, .^acto
G 1) Wcsiwick, .-an Jose W .Macks, San Jose
J spanies, Au<tin Q Dean. Kurcka
E T Long, Pa W « Carpenter, Pa
i Mrs A Schmitt. Pa B liamkan st , ouls
I J W Dunn. Utah It H Sevens, I ai
j J J Hebbson, Salem Mr* Haves, San Jose
j Mlm Hayes. >an Jose Mrs Collins, *-anta Clara
T M Ucktoi, Jackson F J Rock, Colusa
E J cotiiil, .>an Martin S G Pool Aw. Mass
<; A Pool, Mass R F Jackson. Culco
* r Noody, Chico A Friedlun & w, - ucto
T D Petcu. b nreka W p Dwyer, Sacto
I S L llosoe. Fresno A C Blossom, Mocictou
;(i C Kimball &w, N V F o David, Santa Ana
i Mrs Williams, Moclcton H Hooi. >acto
i <i W Heard, Santa C-uz J R Gallagher, Cal
jL L Car ihirs, Uklah Miss McGowiiey, Cal
G D Dudley, .Spokane I C Landranj. reed
Mr. II C Bagiey. Cal Mrs W T Morris. C»I
B T McCuilougb, Cal C V Baco San Jose
PALACE HOI EL.
X Foot. Red Wing mine Mrs E J Milton, Mass
J H Lancaster, N V W H \toixl, Mas*
Ci E Goo 1 man A «-,Napa H W Cross & w. Pa
Mm C Jones, Willet.s G X Griswold. Chicago
>rs S A White, sv luets W s Boynion. ( 010 Sprg
I' 11 HendersoD& w.Oska Mrs J McMillan, Oskals*
; H B Irving, Vancouver Mrs H Irving, B C
Miss Hu b. rt, Vancouver It R Colgate
a N Jacobl, NY D Gros<, Tacoma
II Herz. .\ y w L Wood row, >an Jose
RII Garrett &w, N D Mrs J A Noyes, Mass
V S Henry, Cleveland Ii Bergstein, Reno
Mr- Smith. lowa » \V' Bl^e.ow, Milwaukee
Mis Biit»-low. Milwaukee II I sen berg. Honolulu
V llirsbfeld. Cinn Mr* I-.nberg, Honolulu
E P Uutchins, Chicago E J Miltou, Masj
NKW WESTERN HOTEL.
T La Rpada, ','al J Vkliadar.Hlf Moon Bay
B L Usher & w. Cal 11 Wray. Cal
! \V Becker. Benlcia W (<ordon, Cal
G Bravhetta, MiHnn II Bradon, J-resno
M i J Jameson. fklarysvllle D k Bailey, Denver
11 M McGrath, Omaha ii Murray, Los Angeles
D B Harris, Stockton L Mor.Uon, Fresno
II Peterson, Fresno J W Matheus, Vacaville
.! W Morgan. l'.-tulnma T A Kehoe. Jim svile •
; O Fl<hpr. :-»ulMin J Morri ey. LOi Angeles
: J OConnell, Los Ang F Harris. Pueblo
; Miss B burton, S at.ie J Ryan. Cuba.
| Miss M Sbelby, Tacom* F <siott. Kern City
;Mr Fagan, Port Costa Mr Wallace, Boston
BALDWIN HOTEL.
F S Adnms, Oakland A C Mande, BakfT'neld
B X Ciffernitn, Chicago E G McPUe, st Helena
j E Garmalne, Sacio J M Kean & w. bacto
!F s Butler <ti «, Sacto «i N Loomis-Sou-ia's Band
W F J Itodsers, Ohio R M Aldrld«e, Ariz
! R X Gardner. Otlo GKColeman&w. Montrev
j R 11 Biihop, Cincinnati W H X duel. Chicago
j G J I.eibers, Butte C M Hatcher, -m Jose
j i J Crowlej, San Rafael X Fleischer, lilo Vittn
!W H Pybnrn, S;.linas J A Parsons, Belvedere
| A Morgan <& w. San Jose
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BCPINESS OFFICE of the San FrandseoCAix
-710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
BlKtit In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-527 Montgomery street,
corner Cloy; open until 9:30 o'clock.
£?9 Hayes street, open until 9:SO o'clock.
015 l.arkln street, open until 9 ::-tO o'clock.
6>W. corner Sixteexitu and Mission streets, open
cntil 9 o'clock.
£618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
Polk street: open un 11 9;3'j.
KOTICK OF MEETINGS.
■KjS» MISSION I ODGE NO. 189, F. *
■'•>■' ami A. M.— Offlct-rsand members are k\
hereb/ notllje.l tontt.-nrl the funeral of nirVY
deceased urother, JOHN* B. OZARD (late/N^>
of M. Ann 1 odge Na 693, Kngiand), from Masonic
Tfmple, TO-DAY (Wednesday), ml p. v. By or-
der of the W. M. C, D. BUNKER, secretary.
H^g» MISSION LODGE no. 169. F. •
»-*' and A. M.— Called meeting THIS A
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING, at 7:3o\fV
o'clock, ifd degree. By order of the W M /V>
C. V. BU.NKi-.R, Secretary.
|t^» CROCKETT LODGE. NO. 139, F. m '
»>*' and A. M.— Called meeting THIS gk
WEDNESDAY at 7:33 p. »i D. t'd. Uy 2f
order of tin; W. M. H. FOHTKIEDE, Sec. /^r^
mp&> EXCELSIOR LODGE NO. 166 F. jT~
&**^ <t A. M.— Special meeting mis jk
(WEDNESDAY) KVENINU, .Feb. 17,^52?
at 7:31) o'clock. Third Degree. /^r>
TIIKO. E. SMITH, Secretary.
"KS» THK REGLM All MEETING OF HE
Cr~^ Brirklayers* Association will b- held at
il'nal Brith Hall. 121 Eddy St.. THIS (WEI>N.-.s-
DAY] EVENING, February 17, at 8 o'c.ccic.
Business of great impor:a:ice.
ED J. BKANDKN, President.
DK-S= 418McALLlMTEK-LADIh;8 > WKDNE*.
Or-~& day afitruoo.i All Society; tests, 3 o'clock:
free.
ftTS* CLAN FitASER, ORDER OF v. «*- v,
C*=J>^ eco:tlsh ( lais, will give its n\x h *y. 713/1
annual concert and dance in honor of V* \Xj£
Washuii ton's birthday at >cottlsh Hail. *te^sqk '
Lai kin street, on FRIDAY r.VKNING, February
19. Address by Hon. Irving M. Fcott, entitled
"February 11, Old style, 1793." Music*! Belec-
, lions by the famous Knickerbocker Quartet: spe-
cialties b. the great Scotch humorist, Flndlay Me-
Cire«(or. soloists — soprano, Mrs. E. Wren: a. to,
» iss Ltttlo: tenor. I). 31. Lawrence, Ii M. Elliott;
violin. Miss c. Zinnen; piano, Miss G- sicklan:
reader, ill«s R. Frances Luge. Concert at 8; grand
march at 10 o'clock; admlssiou fee 25c; hat and
c.oak rooms Irce.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1897.
MEETING NOTICKS-Contlnned.
fJ^=p>THE REGULAR ANNUAL MEETING OF
ttriß' the members of he Bishop Armita;e Church
Orphanage will be he!d at ihe otiice of the secretary,
biio California St., room 28. on i-ebruary S3. 1897,
at 12 M., for the purpose of revis.ng or amending
the by-laws of said corporation or adopting new
by-laws and for the election of >nistees for the eu-
sung year: also for the transac.ion or such other
business as may come before the meeting.
L. W A DIi AM, Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
■r~S= DAVID STARK JORDAN. PRESIDENT
ur^& of the Stanford University, will lecture be-
fore Oakland Psychiful Society, on WEDNESDAY
EVENING, the 17th inst., at Hamilton Hall; 8
o'clock, subject, 'A Sober Mind."
ITS 3 RAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR 14:
ur^y collections mad«: city or country. Pacific
Collection Co.. 415 Montgy St., room 6: tel. 5680.
f£^S= DR. BAZr.T REMOVED FROM PH
a>-& lan Lutldins: to 908 <;«ary st.: t"l. East ?57.
DIVIDEND NOTICES. '
Jtrs§=» DIVIDEND NOTICE— DIVIDEND NO.
»--» 40 (twenty-five cents per share) of the
Butrhiii'On Sugar Plamailoa (omiany will It-
payable a: the otlice of the company. 327 Mar »-t
street, on and alter Saturday, February 20. 1t97.
Transfer books will close Saturday, iebrviary I'd,
1897. at 12 o'clock M. K. H. SH KLDON.
. .- . Secretary.
SITUATIONS WASTED-FE3IALE.
V. IIIST-CLASS AMERICAN, AL-O BWRDIBH
V cooks, wltu the best of reu-rence?, desire situ-
ations. J. F. CROSETT it CO, 316 Sutlers:.
COMPETENT SWEDISH SECOND GIRL,
\J fl»o Swedish cook, with refere cc, desire situa-
tions. J. F. CBOSKTT & CO., 318 Sutler st.
pOMPETENT SWEDISH COOK, WITH RKF-
\J en nc . desires a bliuatlon. J. F. CROSEIT
& CO., 316 sutler st.
SEVERAL FRENCH GIRLS DEnIRtS POSI-
■ ions is chambermaids aia ucstairs work; also
nurses. i.s. DADAMI, 313 .SuiMr sL
ITUATION WANTED BY 2 DAM H GIRLS;
one a first-class cook, the other a tirat-c ass sec-
ond Rirl and waitress; city references. Call 9 .
Leioy place, off Sacramento si., bet. Leaven worth
and Jo:. vs.
TITAN I ED— A POSITION BY LADY WHO
»' has been used to the r»-e of children and as
cemp non: good housekeeper and musician:
spcuks German and Englinh- 130 Sixth, room 14.
VEAT, RELIABLE SWEDISH GIRL WISHES
Xi situation to do second work. Please a Idiesj
Miss LINDBEi.G, Gulden Ga:e Pctoflice (no
postal cards). Alamed it county.
OTHER AND SOX DESIRK POSITION;
mo. her flrat-class cook; son, -7, will assist:
hotel or boardiog-biusa; city or country. 136
i if tli st , room 8.
THOKOL'UULY EXPERIEN* ED GERMAN
I l'rotesiant infants nurse; wou..i take entire
char Li' of b.ibv- in city or country best references.
'Z'i o'Farre I s:.
XTOVKU LADY. rNOLISH. WANTS A P( i-
X sition as governess: English.- French, German
and music taught. Address M. J. .it., 16 Fair
Oaks st.
EXPKKIENCED DAY OR NIGHT NURSE:
±J $9 per week: bes*. cf references: co .llneinei t
and other sickness taken home; private. Call 719
We..sier ct.
VXPERIKNCED GERMAN NURSE WISHES
XU to ta»e full charge of an Infant or do second
work and waitrtss: cliy or country. 232 ShoiwelL
"11" ANTED— BY DOW WITH LITTLE BOY
II 4 years old situation as bou-tekeeper or cook
on rauch. Address box 111, Guroy, Cai.
LMRST-CI.ASB COOK ivlsilKb kIiUaTION;
X city or courfiry: »itn best of reteieuces. Call
or address JUUa Lorklu st.
EXPERIENCED COOK WI-HEB A SITUA-
■Ij non a. cooking or general housework. Appiy
2609 Post St., near Lyon.
WA.VIKU-A POMTION BY MIDDLE-^Gr.D
*» womi.n as rook :n a loardlng-hou&e or hotel:
nrst-class baker. 748 Howard st.
p EKMAN WOMAN, NEAT, WANTS A
VT place as housekeeper: posl lon more an object
than wages. Call at 15.; Minna st.
p EKMAN GIRL, YOU.VG, WOULD LIKK
VX posKion as nurse with old person. 700 *.a.l-
forma su
"YOUNG GIRL WISHES II) AuSIST JN
X light housework. Address 365 Vi Elevenths:.
"Air ANTED — CA.JP-CoOKING BY YOUNG
• I »omam (im.-clasj <amp cook: good refer-
ence; can cook for -5 io M men. I'JQ Fourth su,
room 2.
IDDLK-AGKD|\\'OMAN WIsIIKS MTl'A-
tion is tood coik and laundress: city or
country. 3121/ij C enieani.a s.
ITUATION UANl'r.. BY HELIABi.E OI XL
to do ups, alia work and in vi children: n > ob-
ject on to couutiy; best oi reie.ence. Address
0441/2 >atoma su
VUl'Mi GIltL WOULD LIKK SECOND WORK
X in a nice iri va.e lamii.v; across the buy pre-
•t-.-.-i. (.all 349 rreuiou: s .
Y"OCNO GERM AN OIEL, UPSTAIRS WORK
X and waiting; wag s fclv^ • al. Wednesday aud
Tnurstt.-y lorcnojn, 15J2O'Far ell St.
POSITION .8 HO UsEK EJiPi.It. 917 MAll-
X kia St., room 3.
SINGLE WOMAN 1 , GOOD COOK. WANTS
O place at housekeeping or cooking. 32 Turk, in
the rear, upstairs, lef..
"\\riLLING GIKL WANTS A SITUATION* IN
IT a private family to do upstairs work. Address
M. X., box 9:, Call Othce.
YOU.NO GIRL WISfcU S A SIIUATION TO
" X assist with -work or take a re of children:
references, ii necessary. 115 Twenty-uevrntn st.
SITUATION WANTED BY A SWEDISH
girl to do housework and as-<li«t with cooking.
3t>o7 i weuty-founn st-. ii'-ar Sanchez.
QTRONG GERMAN WOMAN WANTS WASH-
O ing or bousec.eatiing for $1 and carfare a day.
Apply 92&1/3 Snot Weil st.
YOUNG WOMAN WANTS W .RK BY THE
X day, wasniny or housecleaniug. Address A.
D., 167 Ninth st.
"\rOU NO LADY >V ULD LIKK POSITION AS
.1 typewriter and office work; 93 per week. P. t>.,
box 122.
ANTED— SITUATION ASHOL'BEKKEPiJR
IT In a widower's family with children; thorough
housekeeper. Address F. .-., box 16. Call Orlice,
EASTERN LADY OF KXPERIENCE WANTS
a permanent position i s housekeeper In loJg-
ing-house Or widower's he me. Room 3, 905 Mar-
ket st.
L"III T-CLASs CO X; CITY OR COUNTRY;
V private family or boardloV-liouse; i o postals.
Address 2 days, 1163 Third st., Oakland, cfl Ade-
line station.
"[defined eastern widow, kxpkri-
Xt enced housekeeper, desires s.tuailon us house- i
keeper: country preferred. p.m. 9, '«:88 Ke«rny st. |
GERM N GIRL WANTS SITUATION FOR
housework and cooking. Address S. Y. C,
box 66, Call;
p EKMAN GIRL WISHES POSITION TO DO
vi general housework and plain cooking. t>B
Cleiuemlna si., upstairs.
ESPKCTABLK WOMAN Wl-HKB WORK
XV by the day; cursing, washing or houseclean- i
ing. Address M.F., 233 Fell st. -
SCANDIN VtAN WIDOW. WITH GIRL 5
O years old. would like position as working
housekeeper. 4»ri,2 Nniorna st.
QOI MISSION ST.. LADY LIKES SEWING
O — I. or mending todo at home.
MIDOLE-AUED LADY WOULD LIKE SlTU-
ation as housekeeper, nurse, or take care of
Invalid; city or country. 313 Mi na st,
CLERGYMAN'S DA OUTER DESIRES PO-
\J sltioa as daily governess to young children;
accomplishments — nius c, paint pasleis- Ad-
dress . I., box 85, Call Office.
} EXPERIENCED OEuM AN FOR BOWK.
Xv st.iiri work and cooking: wages O*JU to 925;
good ref c re n Address A. ('. t.., uo>. 119, Call.
IV ANTED— Bit EXPERIENCED NURSE,
*• position to take care of InfAnt or invalid lady;
give reference. Address Nurse, box 14, Call.
JADY WOULD LIKE SKIRTS TO CI^KAN
j and rebiud: 81 upward. Apply 622 Jones st.
R ESP CTAB X GJRL lO ASSIST WITH
XV housework and take care of ci.ildien. 24 Na-
loma st.
■DEFINED YOUNG LADY WOULD I IKE P0-
XV sitlon to attend Invalid lady. Call 947 Ills** n.
pERMANGIRL,2B. WI-HES PLACE TO DO
U re cal housework. * all at 915 a Post st.
INSCRIPTIONS AND WANT ADS FOR THE
O Ca ix taken at brancn office, 33» liayes si.;
open until t»:3J o'clock.
RESPECTABLE WOMAN WANTS WORK BY
ill.- day washing. Ironing, nurslnjr or general
housework; *1 day and carfare. Address MRS.
JACKSON, ill Vs Minna si.
pOMPETENT GIRL W«JULD LIKE SITUA-
\J tton io do general housework; good cook. call
974 Sixteenth st., corner of Filbert, Oakland.
IDOW WANTS WORK BY DAY. WEEK
"or month: hons«-c.eanlng, washing, pain
sewing or cooking; flMinel laundress;, buby's
nurse. MKH O. H. G , Golden Gate. i al.
ACCOMPLISHED YOUNG LADY WITH
-a. ninny attractions wants place at iious»ke^per
In bachelor's or widower home Room 2. 223 Post.
pOiIPETENT WOMAN WANTS ANY KIND
lV&, & ce oWb!calYomc0 W b!calYomc^ y . : r « fcreace »- A <Wre»
SITUATIONS WASTKD-ContlnnM.
VVANTKD— POSITION AS HOUSEKE.KPICR
'» In widower's home to cook for 6or 6 men;
good cook and first-class housekeeper Call from
9 a. if. to 6 p. m., 126 Fourth si., room 2.
T'OUNG LADY DESIRES POSITION AS
X housekeeper. 112 Taylor su, room 14.
TfXPEiUENCKD HOU.SKKEEPI.K (WIDi
XJ wants work in widower's or oacheloi's house-
hold; country 1 ref-rred. 88 Ninth St., room 17;
hours 11 a. m. to 9 p. m.
VOUXO WOMAN WISHES POSITION AS
X hous- keeper no triflers; references. Adaresa
S. M. D.. box 134. Cull.
WANT ADS AND SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
'» Thk (all are taken at Branch office, touth-
west corner sixteenth and Mission s a,
T ADY OF EXPERIENCE SIRES POSI
XJ tion as housekeeper In lodginsr-house or wid-
ower's home. Room 21, 220 1 bird st
TOUNG LADY, FORMERLY IN GOOD CIR-
-I- cumstanies. desires a lucrative position as
nous keeper; or will do gentlemen's mending.
120 Kills st., room 17. second floor; call after 12.
VOl NG LADY WOULD LIKE A PLACE AS
X housekeeper In a bachelor's or widower's
homo Room 1, 1035 Market si.
■yoUNG EASTEi;.N WIDOW OF R FINE-
X nient ana culture desires a position as manag-
ing tiousekeepei in widower's or bachelor's house.
Room 2. 122 Post st.
7 1 O LAKKIN-BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
• -I O CAiL; subscriptions ana want adi taken.
1 ADY WOULD LIKE A SITUATION AS
J ' housekeeper for widow, gentleman with chil-
dren or cook for sor 6 gentlemen. MRS. A. Da-
DAKI, SIS suiter.
/COMPETENT COOK WISHES SITUATION
V^ 111 private family; would no eeneral house-
work in snail family. Call at 227 Hayes st,
WANTED- BY A YOUNG WOMAN IN HO-
" tel oiuin sewing, mending or care of linen-
room: sleep* home. Call or address 11- Eighth.
■iy inch Ester IiOLSE, 44 THIRD ST.. nr.
" Marset: 200 rooms Vsc :o SI 60 per ni«ht;
$1 50 to $6 per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus and baggage to and from the terry.
W COR. SIXTEENTH i>T., NEAR MlS-
sion; braacb office of Tilt Call. .Sub-
scriptions «nd want ads taken. ■ ■ *
SITUATIONS WANTED WALK.
HUNTER <fcCa, CHINESE AND JAPaNKKE
XX employment office, r moved to 614V4 Califor-
nia St., i.ear Kenrny. '1.-1. main 231.
pHINESK AND JA PANES.-: EMPLOYMENT
\J office; best help. 4 11 2 O'FarrelL Tel. E. 426.
JAPANESE INTKLLIGKNCK AGENI Y. R.
90. St. Ann's bl'g, 6 Eddy St.: tel -> am 5234.
CHINKS & J A PAN hsfc;; EsT'D 20 V KAKS;
help;tel.main 1997. BRA t»LEY'<t C 0..640 Clay
pAKDKNEH. GERMAN, COMPETENT IN
vJT all branches, 5 years in l»sl p ace, wants situa-
tion In private family. Address G. G., oox 148, i
Call Office.
INTELLIGENT BOY, LIVING WITH HIS !
X par nts, wishes position in the country; under- j
stands th» care nt horses. fall or address GtORGE '
CUBITT. 817 Jessie St., off Ninth.
"WANTKII — SITUATION as PRINTER'S
'» pressman by youne married man; Australia- ,
sian experience. Address 30» Fremont si., S. F.
POSITION wanted on sheep ranch BY ,
X experienced man- 5 ears overseer In Austra- i
lia. Address A. T.. 1116 Powell su
STEADY YOUNG MAN WISHES WORK |
round house or hotel In country. Addreas
Sterdy. box 131, (.all Office.
\Y A TED— POSITION BY YOUNG MAN AS !
'* banceejer; good references. Address R. P., |
box 3. Cal. Office.
UAKMKK AND WIFE WITH 2 CHILDREN
S- want a place car« of ire bard, vine) ard or
grain ranch; man bandy with ca. renter's uola;
win- » cool co k for men: small wage* required.
Address or call, X., 634 V.a- M.
STRONG WILLING YOUNG MAN WISHES
0 place to do bard work; Is handy. Address M.,
box 14.', this office.
A" DaOKaS OF GOOD HABITS IS aNX-
X ious oi obtaining employment ia whole-n.u
house or warenouse or r:ie*t market to drive
wagon or work inside, understands teaming and
taking care of horses: had some experience In
meat-cut;lng; an all round bandy man; references.
Address M. S. N., box 119. Call Office.
THOROUGHLY EXPERIKnTkD MINING
X l.lacksmiih, expert sharpener on Burleigh and
handdritls, desires employment. Address W. s.,
box 107. Can Office.
Practical MAM WANTS SITUATION ON j
a couture ace; understands gai'ileuing. geue- I
ral farming, raiting poultry and orchard work; !
moderate wa?es: references. Address L. It., box
114, Call Oil.o-.
. I
BY A YOUNG MaN, SOBKK. STKADY AND !
Industrious, a situation driving a dellverr I
wagon: understand* the city thoioughlv; best of
returences. Call or address a. ELLIOT, 1701
Dupont st.
11' ANTED —WORK BY STEADY YOUNG I
'» man: good house-painter an.i Al stauehaud; ;
; wages $1 2 per week. Acdre&s T. 13., 19 Vi K«T«
entn st.. Oakland.
PKFINED AND COMPETENT YOUNG I
It phaimacist, through college and with the
i" .m of reier-nc. s >s desnous of ob a.uing v posi-
tion as pharmacist in a hospl al. suiiitar.u.n, or to i
ii ph>slciaii. Address (in tuU city or oaklana)
G. E.. 2106 Jonei su, city.
TRONG YOUNG MAN, AGE 18, HANDY !
IkJ with tools, would 1U« to learn wagon and c r- '
rl»B" mauiut; and blacksmlthlng. L. E. C, Call '
office, ( ok land.
QTEA.'Y',' RELIABLE! SCANDINAVIAN
0 wants work of any kind, can drive and caro j
for horses. Address Sieady. box 164. Ca I Office. \
1-MKST-CLA-.S COACHMAN; «.O.»D DKIVEK; '
J unders and* cohc.uumii buMnest; be l iof-r-
-ences furnished. Ht.X R V DOM AN. s'Jl Ellis st.
\7-OUNG MAN WANTS SITUATION AS
-L yanlman for hotel or private bourdlng-house:
fnrnisn references from last employer and Others.
AddlCM JOHN A. MacDONALD. 156 Third st.
BOY' 16 YEARS OLD, LIVING WITH HIS
parents, wants pos.t on In store or office. Ad-
dress Parent, 118 Silver st. ' -.'■
GOOD BARBER WANTS WEDNESDAY, OR •
\J Saturday and Sunday job. Address 6-7 rostsu i
A MARKET XT.— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
"1 Call: want ads aud subscriptions taken.
BRANI H OFFICE OFTHKCALL, 187 NINTH
JJ — Want ads and subscriptions taken.
GARDENER, GERMAN, SINGLE, t-F LONG I
vJ experience In landscape, carpt-t bedding, j
greenhouse and vegetal). e growing, wishes to t«k<; 1
charge of private place: hut had charte over one |
place six and ano.ber three years; run furnish he |
very best references. Add. B. \V., box 80, Call.
QOQ HAYKB ST. -BRANCH OFFICE OF !
•>•»»' IKK Call: subscriptions and want ads
taken.
— —^ —^ — ____^ __
I rANTED TRY' AN energetic steady
" man— position in a crockeiy-hous* as sales-
man or drum. i. tr; unaerstatids business; besi.,ref-
erencc ia;i be furnished. Addrois salesman, box I
120. tni* office.
I/'IKST-CLASS COACHMAN; UNDERSTANDS j
X I hand, ng horses; good gardener; has always I
worked uiouii 1 !ir-..-c ass families: best or refer-
ences: good maker. Address Iteilau.e. box 140,
Cull Office.
| U'ANTED-P.i ITION BY' YOUNG MAN AS
i »» foreman or ps IsUntsuperintendent of fi'inrtz
mine: 10 years' experience; understands assaying,
underground -uivrj-ric and practical luimnt:; sal-
ary not so much an object as permanent position.
Address J., box S6. this office.
— . . l
•V) 7 MONTGOMERY. COiiNEK OF CLAY*—
«7— l open mill 9:30 o'clock; branch office of
the Call: subscriptions and want ads. taken.
TNTKLLIOK.NT AND RELIABLE MIDDLE-
X aged man wants any kind of lignt work; ref-
erence and bondr. Address S. H., box 108, i all. I
A MARKET ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF THi5
I Call: want ads and subscriptions taken.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD »T., NX.
'» Market; 200 rooms. 25c to SI 50 per night:
$1 50 to $6 per week: convenient and respectable: |
tree bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
WAITRESS, RESTAURANT. CITY, $5 A
' i week; chambermaid and wait, near city, $15; ;
bcandlnavtan housekeeper. $15: 3 housework |
rirls, country, $25 to $15: housewor< girls, near j
city, sec party here to-day; 2 r.urseiirls. $10 and I
$12; 5 tifrman girls, housework, $.5 to *20: 6
housework girU, $10 to »15. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 110 Geary sL
pROTESTAf»TLADY, FROM 25 TO 35 AUS
X cf «k.', to tuke charge of and teach children: '
ankers family; country town: one who can |
speck French preferred ; references lequlred :$25 |
and found; strictly first-class place. MURRAY*
HEADY, Leading Employment Agents, 634-636
Clay -t.
pEKM A N OR SCANDINAVIAN WOMAN
"I cook on ranch; see boss here: call early.
MUKK..Y ,t READY, Leading Employment I
Agent;. 634-636 Clay st. "
]\TEAT WOMAN TO DO PLAIN COOKING AN D
Xi lvashiirn, ranch, $20 see gentleman uere; wal-
ties«e.i. etc. MURRAY & READY, Leading
Employment Agents. 634-636 lay st.
SCOT I H GIRL FOR COOKING AND SOME
O housework. 3 in family, $20: 5 cooks, private
families. $25 and $30: 3 <.i-rnmn «nd Knglioh
muses. $20 and $25; cook boarding- home, »2»;
3 waitresses and chami «rmal<is, 420 an.l $25. and
a large uumterof girls for rooking anl housework.
J. F.CROsE'IT A CO.. 316 suttersu
OFFICE FEE REDUCED; 25 CTS.; GIKjJS OF
a.l national!. iim to 1111 various po moils. U«r-
mau Employment Office, SOU Mason su
HKT.P WANTED-Contlnnnfl,
piHL. Washington st., $15: gir,-,
*T Steinerst.. $15: girl, Haignt St., $15; girl,
Livermore. $15; girl. Gilioy, Cal.. $.5; girl,
Gueirerofit., $15: girl, Buchanan St.. $15; girl.
FtUmi.re st., $15: girl, Pesci-.dero. Cal.. $15; girl,
Geary sr., $ 6; girl. Clay at.. $15: clrl, Suiter St.,
*15: girl, i-ddy si.. *15; Elrl, Nineteenth st , 815:
girl, tuiton St., $15; 23 young girls. RB, $10 and
■ »i- per month. MARTIN'S, 749 Market at.
pIRL. FMROAKS ST.. $20; GIRL, OCTAVIA
* X St.. $25: girl. Va!l< jo st . $20: girl. Melner st .
$20: cir, Scott Rt.. $1:0: girl, Pacific aye., $20;
K:rl, Bush St., $15; cirl, Washington at.. $20; irlr;.
Eddy st.. $2<i : i r: , Guerrero St., $18: dr., Laguna
st . »2J: girl. Coutra Costa County, $20. MAR-
TIN'S, 749 Market st.
6 WAITRESSES, »20; CITY WAITRESS. $15
and room; waitress, $17 and room: German
waitress, $^0 and rom. MARTI V -, 749 Market.
p ERMA.N GIRLS FOR HOUSEWORK, NURS-
V-X ing and upstairs work. 313 Suiter si.
pOMPETKNT STENOGRAPHER, AND TYPE-
\J writer; must nave had experience in law
office. Address Lawyer, box 88, Call Office, stat-
ing n<imtr, «ge. experience, speed, qualiticatlons
generally and salary expected.
"yOUNO GIRL. 16 OK 17. TO TAKE CARE OF
X 3 ch'Mren and assist. In housewortc. Apply 150
Sieuart st.
Ur ANTED— GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
work in small family: wages $15. 2217
Octavia st.
"\ \ ' ANTED — COM P . T N T NORSK FOR
»» young baby; references required. Call 10 to
12 or 6 to 6.1640 Pine st.
A PPRF.NTICE THAT CAN SEW; ALSO
-TV quick hand with machine; factor, work. 501
Leaven worth st.
ANTED — ELDERLY WOMAN ASSIST
'» children for good home. Addiesa H., Call
Branch. 2526 Mission st.
GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK;
wages $25. Call 72K Fulton st.
"IV" ANTED- AGED LADY TO TAKE CARE OF
children. Call 828 Howard st.
yOUNG GERMAN GIRL TO TAKK CARE OF
X a child; sleep home. Call 49 Stevenson st.
TVTEAT YOUNG GIRL TO ASSIST WITH
Xi light housework In » small family. 1534 Ellis.
GIKLS FOR COOKING AND GENERAL
housework; $L 0 to $25. 313 hut erst.
"I \"AXIED— A G E R M A WOMAN TO TAKE
>> care oi Inlanu Apply 2409 Washington sb
GOOD GIRL WANTED BY COATMAKER.
914 Kearuy st.
GIRL FcR GENERAL HOUSEWORK. 3238
MISSION st.
lODLE-AGKU WOMAN TO TAKE CARE
of children; $8 and sleep home. 920 Foisom.
GERMAN GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
VJ »0.-.<; plain cooking; small family. 317 Scott.
COMPETENT GERMAN (URL FOR HOUSE-
v wo. k: iijUht under, land cooking. 317 Larktn.
GERMAN ..IRL, 14 OK 15 YEARS. TO AS-
VJsist in houieuorK; s eep home. 1123 Slelner.
XC FuR A I.OAF KKK&H BREAD AND PINT
iJ pure nil k at the Economy Store, 917 Mission.
EXPERIENCED OPERATORS ON FLAN-
nrI over.-ihirts and underwear. IEVI
STRAUSS A CO., 32% rremo.it st.
OTENOGRAPIIEKK WILL FIND IT ADVAN-
-0 tag^ous to join the Kvening stenographic
Speed Club at HealdN Bus. College, 24 Post si;
fees $1 50 a month: any system; also beginners..
BRIGHT .LADY AGE..TS FOR HOUSEHOLD
necessity; good pay. Addiess A., box 46, Call.
1 EARN DRKSSCU'ITINO AND MILLINERY;
XJ $1 per week; unlimited le-BOns. patterns
25c. McDowell DressmaKlnir School, 636 Market.
A*l ' LARKIN — BRANCH OFFICE OF THK
yfLO Call: subscriptions and wan: ads. taken.
MOST CON VEX lENT AND RESPECTABLE:
Winchester Uouso. 44 Third st. near Market:
200 room*: 25c to $1 5J per night: $1 60 to $3
per week: free, 'bus and baggage to and «rom ferry.
"II" ANTED— IO YOUNG LADIES TO LEARN
'» harbor trade: shop to open May 1. Particu-
lars call liBVi Eighth St.. S. F. Barber College,
F LYNN 'B DRESSMAKING AND CUTTINU
X 1 Academy. 14 McAllister St.: $1 a week.
"I A WHENCE CUT I ING SCHOOL IS THK
\j only reliable place for patterns: every ouo
f unranteed to be perfect 1231 Market St.
11/' NINTH ST— BRANCH OFFICE OF
1 I '' IUK Call; . subscription aud wan. Ada
taken.
i WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THIS
..A WEEKLY CALL. In wrancer. for mailing. ',
MALE HELP WANTED. - j
RANCH F REMAN. OsT-fwilO UxTe?
stands orchard and vineyard work, $55 and
found; farmers. i rimers, milkers, etc. MURRAY'
A. HEADY, leading Employment Ag-n'.s, 634
and 636 Clay st.
\jkf ANTED- 6-BORBK TEAMSTER, $30 AND
■• found; farmer and wife to care tor p ace:
Scandinavian lui.ker. *20: boarding-house cook;
waiter for country, $30, and o. hers. Apply to J.
V. CKOSETT Ji CO.. 6-8 -a^rauie.Ko st.
IrANIED- AUG. SCHMIDT. PLEASE CALL:
'* coach and ohorts. 525; country, etc.
LEON .\ND 315 Stockton su
COMPETENT STENOGRAPHER AND TY'PE-
\J « Tiler; must have had experience in law
office. Address Lawyer, box 88, Ca'l otli>e, stat-
ing liKme. age, experience, .speed, qualifications
generally and sa nry expected.
L'IRST- CLASS MKCHAMCAL DKNTIST
F wanted; none nut a skilled workman netd ap-
ply. Apply at the National L'eutal Company, room
412, Pnrrott building.
GOOD COAT-FIN" AND BUTTON-
hoIe-maker. 17 Stockton p: ace, oft Stockton
su, bet. Po*i and Sutler.
SH KMAKEt: WANTED TO TAKE PART OF
store with a fitter. SHIRLEY, 1006 Webster.
VOCSG MAN T«'G<> NOKIH FOR SUMMER.
1 HERMAN'S, 637 Clay St.
GOOD AND .- OBhR REST AU KANT COOK AT
b Jackson st.
ANTED — FIRST-CLASS WAITER. 15
tttxktou B'..
BARHKR-SHOP, 3 CHAIRS; MUSTSEIL AS
owner Is leavtig city. 1 IOSi % Folsom st.
MAN TO SOL CIT IX SHOE-REPAIRING
ii business; one who has had experience; rlir
furnished, A. ZIMMERMAN. 832 Washington
St., Caklnnd.
GREEN HANDS, SEAMEN AND BLACK-
smt hs for ships at HERMAN'S, 637 Clays:.
\\r ANTED— BUSH ELM AN FOR REPAIRING,
'» good presser. Call 526 Vi Hayes st.
MEN TO CANVASS PORTRAITS; $'_' 50 A
day easy: call 1 to 3. 1517 Market, nr. 12th.
\\r ANTED— SALESMAN EXPERIENCED IN
'» school supplies. Wbli»*er-ltay C 0. .723 Markt
"lI' ANTED— STEADY". RELIABLE MAN FOR
»* position in country: musi have $5 expense
money. Call after 10 a. if., 9 Geary, room 2.
BARBK ii-«— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SKa
P. U Barbers' Assn. s. FUOHS, 325 Urantava.
JOURNKYMJJ.N HA R •.Kits' 1.1 , Ii O YMKNf
secretary .H. HKRNaRD. 102 i-*vei:th sL
FOR SALE— 2-CHAIR BARBER-SHOP. COR.
'J ■ty-nin.hand Cnurch sts.
T)AR»EK-SHOP: RUNS 3 CHAIRS; LOW
X> rent: tine chance: rent paid for this month; 4
fine living rooms; $100. 4-BVa sixth st.
AKBKK WASHSTANDS, 1,2 AND 3 BOWL.S,
cheap. H. HUFsCHMIDP. 623 Golden Gate ay
A DIES' AND GENTS' MISFIT .-HOES
J bought and exchanged; new vamps and sec-
ond-hand shoes for Bile; large stock; shoes made
to order; bes. stock; work guaranteed: all kinds
of repairing. 744 Mission, near "rand Opera-bouse.
WANTED- AN IDEA; WHO CAN THINK
" of some simp thing to patent? ) rotect your
1 Ide b; ihev rony bring you wealth, w itta JOHN
WEDDERBURN & CO., Dept. L, Patent Attr-
! neys. Washington, D. C, for their $1800 prize
i offer and new list of 10-0 invention* wanted. ■
LCHO HOUnK, 863»,i MARK El ST.— KuuMj
20c, 25c to 50c Bight; *1 to $2 week.
9^9K MISSION — SUBSCRIPTIONS AND
—«)— <» want ads taken for THE CALL.
BEsT IN CITY— SINGLE ROOMS, 15. 20 AND
25 cents per night: $1, $1 25, $1 50 per week.
Pacific House, Commercial and l.eidesdorS ats.
lit' NINTH ST. — BRANCH OFFICE OF
XXU THE all; subscription and warn ads,
taken.
IvKUNsWICK HOUSE. 148MXTH ST.: OPEN
1 > ali night; n oms 25c to $1 per night: $1 25 to
$5 per wee<. J. G. D HAKE, Manager.
TYLISH AND DURABLE CALF SHOES
made to order, $2 50. 959 Howard, nr. Sixth.
Tjkckuits wanted fop. the v. s. ma-
XV rlne corps. 'J. s. Niivy— Able-bodied unmar-
i I ted men between the ages of 21 and 31) years
I who are citizens of the United S.a'.es. or those
I who have legally declared their intention to be-
I come such; inns', boot good character an i habits
| and able to speak, rend »nl write, English and be
between 5 feet fa inch— and feet In heieliu ■ For
inrtiier Intormatiuu apply at the Recruuiuj Office,
20 Kills s:.. San Francisco, Cal.
I>OOMS 150 TO 76c PER NIGHT; 50c- To *i 5J
Xt |wr we^k. oriental. '-'25 Drumm sc.
SINGLK FURNISH Hlj ROOMS: 15c A NIGHT-
-75c week. Lindei: House, Sixth and Howard.
U'ANT ADa AND SUBSCRIPTIONS : FOR
• » Ihk Call are taken at Branch ullice, south-
west corner blxieentU ana Mission sis,
HKIiP WA\TEI)-Con»fnn»"l.
V ANTED, TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LA 808
'» «ni<£clerks. KNOX collection Acer. 110 Huner
n\RY ACME HOUaiS. K.i MARKET ST.. BB-
A low fcrixth. for a room; i.6e» night: $1 a wees.
I HA MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT lOC, 150
IUU and JOe a nlgnu including coffee ana roiU
C 24 Washington St.. near Kear:u-.
it" Oi- MISSION ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
— o—o Tjuc Call; bubacriptions aud want ads
taken. - : -"- r ' ;
W' r ANTKD-LA BORERS AiND MECHANICS
»» to know that Ed Rolkln, Beno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House. 217 Third st. : liii
Urge rooms; 25c per night; $1 10 $3 per week.
ROSEDALK, 321 ELLIS ST.-SiN FUR-
X\> nished rooms. -'Oc to 25c night. $1 to $1 50 wk.
EttlMu.t WANTS 100 M. »> iv >'ET BOl-
• tie beer or wine SC: De.ll free lunch. 643 Clay
UriNCHESTKK HOUSIi, 44 IHIUD ST., Nil.
»» Maricet: 200 loom*. 253 * night: reading-
room: free bus aud baveage to and from the ferry.
WANTED— SINULh. ROOMS, ISc A DAY; »l
week: rooms for 2, 25c a day. $1 60 m wee*;
reading-room: daily papers. 36 Clay su
\V ANTED. YOUR SHOES —WK REPAItt
'» shoes up to 9 o'clock every night; those word-
Ing through the day can have their snoes repaired
st night while you wait: laaiea' soling, 35c; mMi
koiing. 60c: tine shoej made to order from *- up:
«c have a lot of 8ho«« been damaged by water, ac
.►st than one-fourth' their value, from 25c up o
$2 00. 56- Mission (it., bet. First »-. anil Second <tc
AGENTS WANTED.
GENTS— BRYAN'S BOOK, "THE FIRST
J\ Battle." Apply or address for territory, F.
Person, manager subscription department, THE
WHITAKEK A HAY COMPANY, 7-3 Market st,
wan*ted-misc:elxa>*eous.
STEREOPTICON WANTED; CHEAP. L.
GILLEfI,2OI South First St., fan Jose CaL
BUILDINGS BOUGHT: LUMBER, SASHES,
JJ doors, mantels, etc, for side. 1166 Mission si.
ELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW-
elry to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth »t. : send postal.
DENTISTS.
ST FULL SET TEETH: BEST MAKE;
O • • kept la repair; extracting free; fllllnes.&Oc;
crowns, $3 50. Pacific Dental Parlors, 18 Third.
FULL SET OK TEETH, $7: WARRANTED 5
-T years; painless extraction: see our new combina-
tion plate; thinnest, ligntest, coolest plate made;
warranted 10 y«ars: rill ings. 60c; crowns, *3 »0.
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS, 24 Sixth street
DX. J. J. LEEK. 1126 MARKET ST.; OPEN
evenings: Sundays till noon.
POSITIVELY PAINLESS EXTRACTION. DR.
A UAKDlNO.6ooSattercor.Powell;tel.malns37s
TTUItST-CLASS DENTIST ; CHEAP; PA.^-
--T able $1 week. CHAPMAN, 16th an.l Mission.
pHALfANT A CHALFANT, MOVED FROM
\J Mason to 119 Powell: bridjework aspeclalty.
pOLTO.S DEM'AL AsaOCIATION. bOb-iA±t-
KJ ket st. DR CHARLEs. W. DEcKKU.
MA SET FOX 11-.IOTH- WARRANTED AS
<? • good as can bo made; filling $1 DR bIMM^
dentist. 930 Market St., next Baldwin Theater.
PAINLESS KXTKACfION, M)c; CROWN
-I- bridge work a specialty: plates $5 up: 13 yean
experience. R. L. WALSH, D.D.S., 8153^ Geary.
T\K. LUDLUM JIILU 1443 MARKET ST., SB.
XJ Eleventh; no charge for extracting when
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
teeth irom $8 per set: extracting 60c; gas given.
BKT Or Tfc'KlH WITaoUT Afi^^LA. uxL
O H. G. Youn?, 1841 Polk su
pROOMK DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 MAR-
KJ ket, beL 3d and 4th; gas specialists; pa Inlets
extracting, with gas, Hi J -ales. $5 up: fill. SI up.
H. UfcOSUi: W. LEEK. THK GENUINE
Leek dentisu discoverer o! painless extractioa
and patentee of Improved bridge work or teetia
without any plate, moved from 6to 20 O 1 FarreUs;.
ALL WORK REASONABLE AND WAi?
ranted. DR. J. W. KEY. 1122 Market St.
.LOST. •
T OST. ITESPITZ DOg-LICENSE 231;
XJ Hector; reward. 330 Minna st.
LUST-FEBRUARY 13, PKARL OPERA-
i:lass holder. Re. urn 25 weary st. and receive
rewar.:.
T OS i- PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBERNIa
AJ ravines and Loan society of s»n Francisco In
the 'name of HANNAH OPPENHEIM, No.
2,071,523. The finder will please return to bank.
BRANCH OFFICE OFTH CALL. 167 NINTH
XJ Pt.: .want ad? and subscriptions taken.
FOUND.
PARROT CAME. TO 1840 CALIFORNIA S.T.
A owner 'an have same by proving property.
PROFESSIONAL CARDS.
JOHN K. RICHARD^ LA WOFFICE &
26 and 27, Crocker cuuaixi*; Muepuuiia ilsua
75, Kan Francisco, Cat
JOHN R. AITKKN AND MAURICE L. ASHES
fctiys a: law. mis 515.516. sth Soor. I'arrouohU
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
O() ROOM HOUSE ON MARKET ST $1400
OV/ 22-room house, only $ 400
66 rooms, cor... S.OOOI 14 rms on Sutler. 700
11 rs.. must sell 20 j| 66 rms, best city .3,500
H. I*. DECKER, 1020 Market si., opp. Fifth.
COXfl Si-ROOM HCUSt-: KOuMS ALL
<&Ou\J. lented. H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market.
Qf?X A LODGING-HOUSE, NKAR MARKET;
*S\JO\J, 2H weli-furnisfied rooms; rent low:
a'navs full: best class of roomers. A. S. LESS,
10.i2 Market si.
CjOXAA FIRST-CLASS LODGING-HOUSE.
ts)£i*)\J\J. 44 rooms: a neat, clean aud paying
bouse well located; r<-a<on for selling fully ex-
plain d. Apply immediately ALDEN-GARFIELD
Co.. 903 Broadway, Oakland.
1 A ROOMS; NKWLY FUR.NIMIKD; MUST
J-tt sell at once; leaving city. 311 Van Ness aye.
90 RoOMS ON fourth ST., nk. Marki-.t:
<— O offer warned; no dealers: rent $75. R. p
box 77, Call Office.
■Jl HUNT ST — LODGING-HOUSE WITH 38
ti-L rooms; well-lurnlshed; rent $30 per month.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AMONKY-RAISING SALE— 3O DAYS ONLY
Bedroom sets, 3 pieces $9 50
Solid oak dining chairs *.T..760
4 room furniture outfit ... l'/ m $67 50
Brussels carpet, laid .".'.". ..V.'s6c yard
SHIRKK & sHIREK. 747 Market" St., oppo«ite
Grant aye. .
AT L. J. NEUMANN'S, 117 SIXTH. FOX
lowest prices on household roods; new or goal
is new: ens or on lime: epen evenings.
FURNITURE WANTED.
yURMTUKfc:. STOVES. CARPETS. COUN-
A ters. showcases. ANDERSON. 1121 Market.
]F YOU WANT On PRICKS FOX FURNI-
A tnre and merchanalse see BUKD. all Larkla.
U lU " KU PRICK. THAN ANYWHERE PAID
Xlny Indian Auction Co. 1057 Market .o^Jon,"
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY STEAM CARPET CLEAN INTTwoRTrT
\J cleans, moves, lavs carpets. U USTJ'vm
aur, 38 and 40 Kighih telephone 256
W HKN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
poor work send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet-beatlng Works, 353-57 1 ehama st. ; tel. so. 4J.
C^' i 'i T ' ( , IjEWNINU 3c: LAYING, 3c: RUG
\J samples free; tel. ue.<nie 044. Stratton, 38th
A r ANeE /ARPET-CLEANIttU CO., 402
■A butter; teL Main 394. GKO. WALCOM.prop.
.T W «m TTS> reliable cllr P ' cleau!l '8 renovtg. alter-
O . atlon wonts. jio» McAllister. TeL Jesiie 321.
05'»^S T £ CLEAN ED * RENOVATED LIKE
Unew - 2J Tenth; tel. South 36. Mackintosh <te Co.
.T £ J rl > 11JHKI ' L . CAKI'ET-( LEANING CO.. ,
v . -40 14th st. ; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mia. 7 1.
n°* K kl-VS CARPKT- BEATING WORKS
v~ aaa (.olden Gate aye. Telephone F.ast 126.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
THIRST-CLASS SAJ.OON: NEAR BALDWIN
* Hotel: must be sola at once; good reasons for
selling; no agents. Address STONE, box 114, Call.
YOUNG EASTERN LADY WANTS GENTLE-
•*• man partner: some means. 850 Market, r. 5.
FOX SALE— WELL-PAYING SALOON WITH
good cash trade. 232 Th rd su
Y""UNG WIDOW WANTS A GENTLEMAN
A partner; small capital. Room 8. 207 Post st.
CIGAR-STAND FOR SAI.E-ON MARKET:
J rent cheap. Apply Coll Office,
AN I M ATI — PKOJKCTINO LIVING
■*!. pictures. Animatoscope,933 Mrkt., 7th floor.
CITY ROUTE FOR SALE. APPLY THIS
office.
NEWSPAPER ROUTE IN INTERIOR CITY
J-i close to can Francis, a For particulars apply
this office. *
OO A HAVES— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
*JUU Cau.; subscriptions and want ads taken.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
TVEARSIR: "
A/ Yes, it's a fact (because of Inevitable private
reasons), I'm compelled 10 offer my landbgeney
business for srie, and In order to eff-c: a quick
de»il am willing to make a eat sacrifice and give .»^
some one agr-atbirg»ln and finest business on V
lacillc Coast for almost nothing You may think ■
V? tranEe (and so it is) that after 16 years of valu- f
able experience la the business, having sw-nt
.nousundsof dollars In advertising aud traveled
"••*»»• over with horse «nd ou.-gy inspecting
ana appraising nearly every ranch on the Pacific
wT .' .ffr no>v having secured the acency nt
about 3000 choice i ropertiea off-red for sale and
exchange earned $30,000 commissions i:. last tiva
> earn, still I ye reft ly decided to sell everything
i-?, S r«f* " s!ands ' including my enormous list ot ac-
curate y written descriptions, together with all co.i-
tractH, complete anot blanks, si ecia ly designed
s?»h. P ?." W ,? set of lX) '" c ' 4 - diagrams, n^ap*. hun-
*™L ° f ,, ' holographs, thousands of letters, Ist of
P P ? C '. c llr ha set 8 . all furniture, etc.,
AT^; I MOST COMPLETE AND BEST SYSTEM-
ATIZED LAND AGENCY IN AMERICA, lirrupyilllj
three ele XB n.ly for. ished f lO « room,, .«e ured by
loiißleasea reasonable r nt. Everything is In
E r eC nf d«, liOn and tnon!h »>»v.n% cost thou-
sands of dollars ana years of hard work all sees
lor a few hundred dollar*, which sTou'deMlv^a
nionth In couc:u>lo,, i win sa, that as the busi-
ness is simple o conduct and prospects wer^ never
better any wideawake bii.sui.-s, man ran t«ke mv
place and irak- aiuch more in th« future than I
have in the p»st Pl-asant, profi able and cm V
with unlimited possibilities. Thoioush lnvestu:^
lion luvited by you. s truly, iu*osii«,ac
N. D. ts ( KELS.
THE
• !j LAND AGENT,
€20 Market. A, opp. Palace Hotel.
IGHEST CASH PKICK- PAID F. .R FUi>N~
ture, restaurant, saloon fixture* and erocer-
stocks. STENBEKG. 632 Market; tel. main 1043.
<& 1 Oiifi SALOON. MARKET HT.. FINELY
tO'»U. fined. STKNB KG, 632~ Market st.
(J./-AA RESTAURANT NORTH OF lUh-
«pi)UU. ket St., doing good bus ness- low rent*
part cash. bTENBERO <£ CO.. 632 Market st. '
$-7(\(\ COFFEE SALOON AND CHOP.
*J5 I \J\J. bouse: finely fitted up: block north oi
Market St.: trial given. ENBERG, 632 Market,
flfcftjrrv OLD ESTABLISHED, Bh.ST PAY-
iip\)U\J, Ing grocery and bar in the. Mission:
must be sold: owner i as other business: investiga-
tion: liviug-rooms SThN BERG, 632 Market st,
qj«l (\f\f\ WOOD AND COAL YARD; WELL
tlr A UUu. stocked; 4 horses; clears 1-6 month-
ly: trial given. bTE.VBEKU & CO., «3J Market st.
<2i^nn MEAT market ACROSS the bay:
«UUUU. refrigerators, cash register. 2 hones I
and wagons: steady run of first-class trade, which 1
can be veiifled: immense bargain. A. 8. LEaS, /'
1032 Market st.
4£l f^fVA COFFEE SALOON AND CHOP-
<t? 1 iJvJ\J. house; opposite large depot; estab-
lished 15 years; present owner there 3 years;
crowded during meal hours; steady run all day.
A. S. LESS, 1032 Market st.
juj* XA PARTNER WANTED IN FIRST-
(tT'i *jyj. class old - established meat market;
situated on choice corner north of Market st.;
horse and cart: prefers partner to hired help. A.
S. LESS, 1032 Market st.
$' ?\fl OYSTKR AVD CHOP HOUSE: BEST
• «Jv/. loc<iion north of Market: receipts
$750 to $1000 per month; worth $600. A. S.
LesS, 10j3 Market St.
$|£|) COFFEE BAIO 'N AND CHOP-
«iP ■• «Jv/. hous-*: between l.vr^e buildings; steady
trade. A. S. LESS. 1032 Market
ffIjCAA SALOON IN THE BUSIEST MlN-
<S)O\jyj. ing district in the State. A. S. LESS,
lots Market st.
CJIOAA CORNER ROAD HOUSE WITH
«IP l^JV'l/. rooms, gnrdens. she. a, etc.; estab-
lished 25 years and ii one 01 the best known nla<
of this kind here; bears investigation. A. S. liESS,
10b2 Market st.
CJ>l rii SALOON WITH 4 NICK LIVING-
*S)X.u\J. rooms easily worth double: must sell
on account of sickness; a rare bargain. A. S.
LESS, 1033 Market SI.
QQ^fl CANDY BTORE AND FACTORY;
tu>*J*J\J. the best location in the Cltv; flue ice-
cream parlor; elegant fixtures, A. 8. LESS, 1032
Market st.
IRST-CLASS REAL ESTATE MAN OB
woman wanted at PROPERTY EXCHANGE.
Q»I7K NUMBER OF BRANCH BAKERIES
«v.. 1 I v. and notion stores: *175 to s3oo. PROP-
ERTY EXCHANGE, 850 Market.
<Jtq7r: some GOOD LODGING-HOUSES;
*iP«JI»J. doing good business from $375 uu.
PROPERTY EXCHANGE, b&O Market.
fltl'iA I ARGE LIST OF SALOON ALL
«If> 1 *J\J. prices, from $50 to a 3OOO. PROPER-
TY EXCHANGE. 850 Market.
at <■) 7 WILL BUY A FINE .EsTaUKANT;
«iP^J I U. cheap rent: receipts fiom $12 to *15
a day; will bear investigation to this effect. 33
£*i.?th, room 18.
■J^INK CA.VDY-SrOKJSOS MARKET, DOINU
A a good business; will bear investigation. A.i
Sixth St., room 18. <«
<J>9AA BAROAI.V IF SOr^D THIS WEEK;
«Ui— VIZ. branch bakery, cady, notion-,: fine lo-
cation; living-rooms. U r.ALY it CO., 'J3 Kearay.
(BjOAA partner needed TO att-xd
tip:)\J\J. office, do collecting, etc, In first-class
contracting business; clea Ins $150 per month;
owner s re, table and responsible, «nd will give
best reference. HEALY * CO., 23 Kearny su
fif'Aft BARGAIN: CASH GROCERY
tjPUVfI/. across the bay ; doing a fine business-
sunny livina-iooms; cheap. HEALY, 23 Kearny.
AN INDL'STRIOUS MAN WITH $125 CAPI-
tal w-Miited a< partner in a produce, fresb, salt
and smoke l meat Dnsiness; cash trade: no opposi-
tion old stand: must i:uo charge 01 receip:s uni
work In store: present owner at tending to outside
custom: will guarantee $80, board and longing,
monthly by doing our own work. Apply and in-
vestigate at place, 617 Twelfth St., East Oakland.
T7"OR SALE— FIRST-CLASS SALOON IN BEST
A part of the city; doing good businrss: on ac-
count of disagreement of partners. 8., box 27,
Call Office.
I AM WILLING TO INVEST FROM $300 TO
A $400 look for a good business opportuuitr.
S. T., box 3, Call Office, Oakland.
C»O7P: LOON ON BUSY STREET north
*£'*•**}■ of Market; cheap rent am: insurance,
lease, etc. ; no agents. inquire Call Office.
pAYING saloon; good LOCATION ; daily
A receipts $10 to $12; must be sold account of
sickness. Inquire Call Office- \
pORNER GROCERY AND BAR FOR SALE;
\J good location; will »ell caeap; going out of
business on account of Illness Apply this office.
FIRST MORTGAGE. $1200, 10 PKR CENT.
on first-class property, for sale at a discount;
mortgage due. Address H. C. H., 32J Minna st.
OR SALE— DINING-ROOM; ESTABLISHED
trade of 25 boarders; central location: r'tii
boarded out. Address P. T., box 47, Call Oflice.
SALOON FOR SALE. INQUIRE McLEOD A
HATIE, 515 Market st.
mil Kn saloon : EXAMINER exchange.
«D-L«JU. 643 Mission st.
ESTAUKANT AND COFFEE SALOON ; OPP.
IV depot; $175. DECKER, 1020 Market St.
STATION El; Y->TORE— OLD, GOOD-PA VINO
place: nice for woman to make a good living.
Inquire Call Office.
OR SALE— CITY DRUGSTORE IN THICK- *.
A 1 ly inhabited section: $300: sacrtrlce: fine stand Ik
for physician. Apply to LANGLnY' MICHAELS Jp
CU., 34-40 First st.
OOD CHANCE TO ADD TO LAUNDRY
route laundry office, on Market st , in good
loca:ion, almost corner; rent $12: llvi it-rooms
andyarJ. Address R. J.. b>x 134, Call Oflice.
CANDY. ICKCREAM AND SCHOOL SUP-
. plies for sale: near school: 4 sunny living
rooms and bath; reasonable. Apply Cull Office.
PARTNER WITH CAPITAL TO DEVELOP
--sold mine on mother lode; small capital, A.
BAI'UKK, Jim Town, Tuolumne County, Cal.
HOI EL OF 60 ROOMS TO RENT ON THE
Potrero. a«d furniture for sale; opposite the
Union Iron Works. 226 Michigan st.
C A LOO F R SALE CHEAP; KITCHEN
0 and sleeping room attached, ior particulars
Inquire at saloon 915 Mark st.
piGAK-STORB FOR SALE ON ACCOUNT OF
\J de~th; cheap this week. 41 Fourth st.
RARE CHANCE; CHICKEN RANCH. AD-
dress G. G., 2460 Folsom st.
SALOON, ON ACCOUNT OF OTHER Busi-
ness, with 4 completely furnished rooms,
kitchen and 2 storerooms; also big yard. Inquire
617 Sacramento st., CHARLES STRENG.
CJJ7XA SALOON; LoNG ESTABLISHED:
lUU. good location; good fixtures. Apply
265 Third st.
0~ \E i FTHK BEST .V ILK ROUTES IN AL
meda county for sale; run by present owner
for l-_ years; sickness cause of sei lug. Aildre-.a
A. T. NKWi'H, box 1140, Alameila, or at ranch
at Fitch burg.
p ENTLEiIAN PARTNER BY ATTRACTIVE
VJ and refined young lady. 1 Fifth st., room 1.
PKOsPKkOUS REPUBLICAN WEEKLY
newspaper; golden opportunity: easy terras* i
owner leaving. / dJress .v, box 61, this oUU-e. - C
I^OR'SALK— WELL- ESTABLISHED FANCY- 4l
goods bu*ln°ss In Oakland: suitable iorl.dy l
und retarding, fancy work comfortable livinz •
r< oms ndjoii.in : R tore; price very low. Address
box 12, C«H Office, OaiclauJ. r~^.
SALOON FOR SALE; OLD ESTABLISHED
O and well known: finely fitted up; disagreement
of partners only cause of sa.e. Apply 33 Third st
9^Vfi MISSION - SUBSCRIPTIONS AND
— c)_U want ads taken lor Thic Call. a - >v
1 A TEST CAR FENDER PATENT; BEST X* •
lv veatlon. Apply 623 Golden. Gate aye,HOUSES TO LET.
i shton & GARDINER. 411 MONTGOMERY
A. St.: 109 Vollejo »t , near Front, suitable for
. sailor boarding-house; rooms; rent 920.
mo RKNT— IO3O PINE, NKAR JONES (NOB
1 Hill)— 2-story house. 10 rooms and bath; newly
a ; nted and papert-d; bouse open for Inspection
''. irom 2 to 5 P. M. ■ -,VV -,-,>.-^.
, ' ATEW HOUSE". 7 ROOMS; WESTERN' ADDI-
. i-> tion: rent 9.16. Address !i., box 59, this office.
1 n COOK, OFF POINT LOBOS ROAD — S
X I room*; yard; tastm.-nt: ren; 98.
CAT JONES-DOWNTOWN: H ROOMS AND
OU i ha: a : *80. UMBSE.V & CO.. 14 Montgy st,
•C«1 - - ROOMS AND BATH; NEWLY Pa-
Jl i . ; . red : in good condition. 2123 Mason st.
a O9,'V BCSH "" SUNNY HOUSE; 9 ROOMS-
• 1 _— v yard: rent reasonable to a good tenant. '
«fc,lA 1731 BROADWAY. NEAR GOUGH-8
rj»4t». rooms; every convenience: marine view.
BAD ThN A NT.-> K JF.CTEI): 9a [SMITH
collector, 14 McAllister St.. rooms 10-11.
B ROOMS: &33b SKCOND ST.; 915 PER
' O month. Key at 539 Second st.
.7- ROOMS; 637 b SKCOND bT.; 917 PER
•;• mouth. Key at 539 Second st.
C ROOMS: NEW HOUSE: MODERN IM-
. «' provements: 45 Federal at. ; 915 per month to
desirable tenants. Key at 539 "- econd st.
HOUSES 1U ltK.\r i-Olt VKHY LITTLK
money at l^Ai-l*svi:> a. li.iiiiiu.Xii i It/
Mont.-nraMr s:.
FURNISHED UOUSKS.
,^99 BAKER— FURNISHED COTTAGE 5
'' — — rooms and bath; convenient to 3 car lines;
# rent reasonable: reicrences required.
I BURNISHED MODERN o-KOOM HOUSE;
J best location: bath: fas range: chicken-yard:
.reasonable. 2067 san Jose live.. Alameda.
COTTAGES TO LKT.
pOTTAGE: 5 ROOMS AND BATH; 2503
VJ Lark in, at., bet. Lombard and Greenwich;
lent $30. Apply DAVID fcTEKN & SONS, 20
3ilo:ugomery s..
tor ELEGANT NEW «-ROi)M COTTAGE
C-«->. O'Farrell st. See SPECK & CO.. 602 Mku
SB N V COTTAGES OF 4 ANl> 5 ROOMS,
bath, basement, yard: cheap. Cor. iiolores
anti Fifteenth sts.
■Ql NICE COTTAGE; 5 KOOMS: BATH;
• _ I«.>. sunny, yard; cellar. Key 711 Treat aye.
S7 AND 99: COTTAGES; 3 AND 4 ROOMS-
C I pood order. Apply on premises, 945 Bryant
' st . or a H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
FLATS TO LET;
-/.- FELL-FLAT OF 4 ROOMS; YABiTaND
O\JO basement; rent 915.
! CAVE MONEY BY RENTING FROM SPECK
Oi CO.. 602 Market. 300 vacancies to choose from.
1 '>)')! SACRAMENTO — FLAT 5 KOOMS:
1 i)«t)2 modern improvements: rent 916.
3«) l., TEHAMA — MODERN FLAT OF 6
**Jmi\J rooms: latest improvements: renfreduced.
1 UPPER FLATS-5 ROOMS: BaTH:
■ XJ yard; $15, 918. 1* suotwell st.,ur. Fourteenth.
FIRST FLOOR. FRONT AND BACK PARLOR,
kitchen, washroom, basement,' yard. 1205
Golden Gate aye.
97c Xi'K, NEAR FOURTEENTH— UPPER
■— I fiat 7 large rooms and bath; in perfect order;
sun all day; drainage perfect.
S9^l modern flat; 8 ROOMS, BATH.
*-O. 1128 i-ioward St., near Seventh.
4 -ROOM FLAT; FEDERAL PLACE, OFF FED-
eral st.: to a tenant without children; 910 per
- xnocih. Key at 639 second st.
f HEAP MODERN FLATS, b AND 6
V rooms. 98 to $16: see them. 523 Seventh st.
"'LA'l> IU 4lJi.\T fuK VKKV LITTLE
1 money at KAIUWI.N « HaILMO.Nu^ iv
. iii cut com st.
4 WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — TH-8
.- ■*■ -WEEKLY CALL. in wrapper. for maHln*
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
Birch Avenue.
•fil BIRCH AYE., BtT. LAGUNA AND BU-
MS O chanan— 2 rooms and kitchen, 97.
.:,.•■" i.v-;, Street.
'901 91 BUSH— TWO .NEWLY FURNISHED
'. Mt/iOi sunny rooms for housekeeping; sink;
• bath and yard; cheap.
i-Uls street.
099 F.LI.IS — ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
• ' — — honse)ce<-ping and single rooms; reasonable
i ulmiih Street.
Q7 A FOLSOM— NICE S "NNY FURNISHED
•' i 7 rooms to let for housekeeping; double or
single; reasonable.
a XX 111 si treat.
: ':>'-■'■ —
.. 39K FIFTH— CLF.AN FURNISHED HOUSE-
•. fJ^-O keeping, 2, 911; 1, 97; sunny hall room, 95.
ruiiun Street.
11nFUL T O I? — MIEI.Y FURNISHED
I 1 U large roam suitable for light housekeeping;
aso single.
Howard Street.
1 f\pO HOWAISD— NICE SUNNY BAY-WIN-
i vUO dow housekeeping rooms; also single
" 100 m); price reasonable.
1 1 At) HOWaRD-2 SUNNY FURNISHED
» it— iront rooms; range; water; rent 910 to
912 50.
tiesaie Street.
..^9ll JESSIE, NEAR SKVENTH-4 ROOMS;
OZ/I2 rent 99.
■Jonei Street.
kA~ JONES — HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS,
\J\jk) double or single: sunny.
..-- ii-earny Street. .. ■
. 99Q KKARNY-30R5 ROOMS COMPLETE
. — ±-O for housekeeping: also suit and single.
9O A KRARXV -HOUSFKEJEPING ROOMS
• *-tIV/ with gas or coal stove; other rooms.
Larkin Street.
A LARKIN — 3 SUNNY FRONT ROOMS
■±AQ for llpht housekeeping; terms moderate.
At c Ail later aireet.
• 99n iMcALL ISTER-NICELY FURNISHED
——'-'2 housekeeping, also single roams: rent low.
_'ijiin:. True..
\aC\ MINNA— FURNISH KD SUNNY ROOMS
'".-1" lor housekeeping; large yard.
mission (street.
; 6/17 MISSION — FKONT ROOM AND
► Jl I kitchen: furnished tor housekeeping.
"1 (\aO MISSION— CHEAPEST CLEAN SUN-
X\J\JO ny rooms: housekeeping; and o:h«rs,
: Montgomery Street. ;
■■ PLO7 MONTGOMERY, COR. CLAY — OPEN
O~ • until v.3.1 o'clock; branch office of Tvs
- Cam.: subscriptions and want ads taken. ,:.-..■;
>Htoin» Street.
• fcKX NATOMA— SUITKS OF HOUSKKKEP-
•• •JsJii ing from 98 to 910; single rooms 94 per
* month; with yard.
i'ost Street.
. rj-l r POST-SUITE UNFURNISHED PAR
110 lors; also suite furnished bousekpg rooms.
Seventh Street.
•^ 3 -SEVENTH- 8 FURNISHED ROOMS, COM-
•> piet« for housekeeping; 2 beds: no children un-
der* 1-.
AUlru Stree..
■ 1 ACI THIRD XT. — NICELY KNISHED
J.-vUa houseKeeplng rooms: very reason
. " BOOMS TO LKT.
.. . Clay- Street.
1 1 A/I*. COR - CLAY AND MASON— GOOD.
X IV7 sonny front rooms.
l-.iiny Street.
i in EDDY— SUNNY. CLEAN FURNISHED
XXO rooms 96 up; also housekeeping; no tran-
sient.
Eighth Street.
1 QHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE. 28 BTH
I O su, near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
Klli* street.
ROYAL nOU9B, 126 ELLIS i-INCANDKS-
J l cent lights In every- room; reading-room, con-
taining dally papers; smoking-room and ladles'
parlor; open all night: rooms per night. 95c to
91 50: week. 92 to 98; month, 98 to 930: tire es-
rapes: elevator on oltice floor; annex of 65 rooms
now ready ; hoi and cold water In each room; batna.
rpBE RAMON A, 130 ELLIS, MRS. KATE S.
X HART, manager— a quiet honse: centrally lo-
cated; newly furnished; elevator; hot A told water.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
1 if Hi street.
THE COSMOPOLITAN — SELKCT FAMILY
J hote\: 100 Fifth St., cor. Mission; rooms
BOc, ,itc and $1 per ul?ht: 92 to 95 per week.
4QOI FIFTH— FRONT ROOM AND KIICH-
T6 VS en furnished lor bouseke^pinc: first floor.
, 1 «'i»<ifn Street.
Of'Ql FOLSOM— FLAT OF 4 ROOMS; RENT
OVO4 912 a month.
— ■
Fulton Street.
On FULTON— NICELY FURNISHED BACK
LnJ room: use of parior: rent cheap.
- Geary Street.
1 rvq GEARY — ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
JL WO sunny rooms; en suite or single; offices. :
Ol X GiiAKY ST., OPP. UNION ARE-
£i\ O 4 unfurnlsned rooms; key at 217 Geary st.
C-l Q OKARV-LAhGE SUNNY FKONT
«-»AO rooms: board if desired-, back parlor with
piano: suites and single: baih.|
791 GEARY— NICKLY FURNISHED ROOM;
! 1-1 rent reasonable; references.
OAT 1 GEARY, COR. HYDE-HANDSOMELY
U\JX 2 furnished sunny suite of rooms bath:
reasonable. '^f£%lisf£l-- ■ '
91 5 GEARY-SUNNY ROOMS: SUITE OR
0 IP single; folding-beds if desired: reasonable.
Golden Gate Avenue.
Vtnft GOLDEN GATE — 2 SUNNY CORNER
— khj rooms with carpets; will furnish.
llarriKon Street.
09^ HARRISON — FURNISHED FRONT
U~.fJ room; 84.
uuMuril Stieo..
iiCiQ Howard— ELEGANTLY FURNISHED I
t/VU rooms. MISS L. DEAN, proprietress.
QCQ HOWARD— UNFURNISHED ROOMS IN
y- O suites or single.
1 Q9J. HuWaUD-2 ROOMS FURNISHED
*-*J£d-x for housekeeping; private; nu children.
• «■•-:.• Street.
Q7O JESSIE, NEAR 'FIFTH— FURNISHED
i"O room, first floor, only 95.
4 ones street.
9(17 .'OSES-THE VAN WIICKLE. NEW
— V I management; elegant i>unoy suites and
single; newly furnished; bath, etc.; 910 t0 930.
91 C JONES-FRONT ROOM FOR GENTLE-
«IU man: gas and bath; 96; double rm. 812 mo.
Kearny Street.
4 RLINGTON HOUSE. 127 KKARNY —
A Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; firs:
class In everr respect; term* reasonable.
Lily Avenue.
"I LILY AYE.— TO LET; SUNNY FRONT
XOtt room; furnished for lady; reasonable.
Siat-ket Street.
7001 MARKET— LARGE FRONT OFFICE-
I COo rooms In suites or single: rent reasonable.
1 0.39 MARKET— NICE SUNNY FRONT
IvOi, room: well furnished; suitable tor man
and wile or 2 gentlemen; sJsj housekeeping ruomi,
reasonable. - -
Y"C!SKXIITE HOUSE. 1045 MARKET— PER
X night, 935 to $1; week, $1 60 to*s: families.
Martha Place.
6 MARTHA PLACE. OFF GEARY, BET. MA.
\* son and Taylor— Sunny room, 95.
Mason >treeu
8 MASON, COR. MAKKFT (ALBEMARLE)— {
<■ ' Nicely furnished sunny front rooms on Market
St- : suite or single; suitable for offices.
McAllister Street.
Q9O MCALLISTER— NICE FURNISHED
O*-O room, with board, if desired; use of piano;
American family.
Minna Street.
AQ\ MINNA, BET. STH AND 6TH— NICE
lOJ front 100m5,? 5 maun; hot, co:d water batbs.
Our MINNA, CORNER EIGHTH— NEWLY
UU I furnished bay-window rooms: 9' a week.
Miattion Street.
HANCOCK HOUSE, 781 MISSION".-, SELECT
family rooming-house; $1 50 to $0 per week.
OQ/? MISSION — LARGE FKO.\ T SUNNY
OOU room, suitable for housekeeping; 910.
mrj MISSION — NlC*.' SUNNY ROOMS
I from 94 to 95 per month.'
1 '^90 MISHION. NR. NINTH— LARGE BITS-
XOs~,Kf uy front housekecpine room; «9 month. I
99 X] MISSION — JsUNNY FRONT BOOM;
—vi gentleman; bath; rent 97: also single.
>»toma Street.
9Q91 NATOMA. NEAR FOURTH— 2 BOOMS:
_0~2 water; yard.
. «rrell atreat.
7fJQ O'FARRELL— ELEGANT SUNNY
I UO rooms; first-class bo^r.l; reasonable.
lost Street.
609 POST — ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
~*- rooms: bath; hot, cold wa er; 98; sunny
suites; jfeasonable.
-I Dl A POST— B SUNNY UNFURNISHED
lulU rooms and bath.
Jewell Street.
1 Q POWELL— NEWLY FURNISHED SUNNY
1 O rooms: suite or single.
fine Street.
NICELY FURNISHED FRONT ROOM FOR
Jll either one or two gentlemen. ' 739 Pine st.
fcixth Street.
QQ FIXTH — QUIET SUNNY ELEGANT
DO rooms: nil conveniences; fireproof building.
1 (\Q SIXTH— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
IUO front, rooms; double or single; 95 op.
seventh . Stree..
-1 ACy SEVENTH ST., GIRARD HOUSE— ELK-
-Ll*- cant turn, suites, kitchen: also single rooms
Mevenson Street.
m STEVENSON— ROOMS 91 PER
Z'k X week.
Af\Q STEVBNHON — NEWLY FURNISHED
WO rooms and housekeeping; cheap; with or
without board. '
X^r HTEVENSON— 2 FRONT ROOMS, FUR-
-000 nished, one large and one small.
iJQA STEVENSON, OFF NINTH— LARGE
lOj furnished room: use Of bath.
Stockton street.
THE EUROPEAN, 17 STOCKTON— FUR-
oIshcd suites from 94 to 910 a week; single
rooms, 91 «0 to 93 a week; hot and cold water In
every room: baths: transient specUliy: elevator.
butter Street.
AIR BUTTER, NR. POWELL— ELEGANTLY j
taD newly furnlsbed light sunny rooms, offices; 1
bath: central; reasonable; appreciated If seen by
doctor.
1-1 , C BUTTER-NEWLY FURNISHED PAR-
11J 1) lor floor of 3 rcoms.
Turk Street.
C AO TURK— LIGHT HOUSEKEEPING SUN-
O"i*J ny room; running water; grate; gas and
bath: 910.
Webster Street.
001 Q WEBSTER- SUNNY NEWLY FUR-
.L+-1 O nlsbed rooms for gentlemen: references.
41 is 1 1 unroll*..
SW. COB. SIXTEENTH ST., NEAR MISSION;
branch ctJico of Tub Call, Subscriptions and
want ads u«in.
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
o'opf'piNE^ (Ke'no^V A)-NEWLY~"FufT-
I jl.O nished suites and single rooms; service
strictly erst-clss'i; references. •
719 POST-2 NICELY FURNISHED ROOMS,
I li with board, suitable for 2; 980 each: parlor.
KKPECr A BLK COUPLB WISH TO BOARD
XV and care for lor 2 children : best or references ■
sunny house: large playgr. nnd: In Western Addi-
tion; inc.; view: would board elderly person or
couple. Apply 401 Post st.
1 P\9n «' A LI F O RNI A — NEWLY FUR.
-Icl^v/ nislieJ pleasant rooms, with table board-
terms moderate.
A 1 9 EDDY— LOVELY SUNNY ROOM FOR 2
'±1 -i. with board; 920 each.
1/im VAN NKSS. COIL -SUNNY
X \\J X double and single rooms with board; ••!.
A A SIXTH hT.— THE-MANCHEHTKH; ELE-
"* gaut furnished sunny rooms; fine table board.
HOTEL BKRTLING, 714 Bl SH-A FAMILY
hotel: references: all modern conveniences.
pHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for 91 50, post-
age tree.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1897.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
OVERMAN FAMILY WOULD LIKE CHILD
X to board or Infant to raise on bottle. Call or
addres* a.B. C, 1032 Hampshire st., bet. Twenty-
second and Twenly-tblrd.
COMFORTABLE HOME FOR COUPLE OF j
\J cnildren, or no objection to iniani: terms
reasonable. Address 3631 Twenty-first Bt., above
Church.
STOKES TO LET. ..
LEASK OF A STORE ON NORTH SIDE OF
Market St.. near Baldwin Hotel, or sale; prin-
cipals only. A. B. C, box 73, '.his office.
STORE, NX. COR. SEVENTH AND FOLSOM.
for rent cheap.
BARBERSHOP. WITH BATHS: ESTAB-
Xt llshed 16 yean: $18 per month; key at 639
second at.
< aipenter-ihop; 97 per month. 6De Boom St.;
key at 539 Se<oud st.
P.umbing-shop; 98 per month. 3 SeßoomsU;
key at 639 Second m.
Corner store, 631 second St.; 914 per month;
key at 639 Second st.
A\L? FOURTH— SMALL STORE WITH ROOM
TIU in rear: low rent. Apply to G. H. UMBSEN
it CO., 14 Montgomery st.
STORE— 2 SHOW WINDOWS, 2 LIVING-
O rooms. 1802 Howard su, cor. Fourteenth;
rent cheap.
INE BASEMENT SUITABLE FOR ANY
business; one block from Market. 15 Grant aye.
AT LOW RENT-PAR Or bTORK AND
ba-emens. 824 Post si.
OFFICES TO LET.
ST. ANN'S BUILDING, 6 KDDY ST.. CORNER
Powell— Deslrab.e offices, with gas, janitor and
eievator. BOVEK, TOY A CO., 30 ->iop.tgomery.
T ARGE SUNNY OFMCE; FULLY FURN 1 811-
XJ ed: fieslcroom: cheap. c ill 916Market.rm 69.
EDUCATIONAL.
T UCKHARDT'S COMBINED ASSAY OFFICE
-Li and School of Instruction (incorporated);
PliAi IICAi. and INDIVIDUAL instruction in
the latest improved methods in assaying, analysis.
electroplaUne. CYANIDE process, etc.; SPECIAL
ATTENTION given to caieful a, say and analysis
of ores, waters- etc. 26 O'Farrell it.: elevator.
A SCHOOL OF PHYSICAL CULTURE AND
Elocution, 1215 Octavla st., San Francisco,
MISS ELIZA MAi KINTOSH, pupil of Professor
G. W. Baynham, Glasgow, Scotland, and graduite
of the school of Oratory, Philadelphia, Pa.,
teacher. Office days, Ttiurs. and Sat. P. v.
H BALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST—
Bookkeeplnir, business practice, shorthand,
typing, telegraphy, languages, English branches.
electrical engineering: 20 teachers: 15,000 gradu-
ates; day and evening sessions; catalogue.
AYKES', THE LEADING COLLEGE. S2l
XV Montcomery St.; Individual InHtruotloa , la
tborthand. typing, bookkeeping, teleerapbr, eta:
lite scholarship 950: low rat«i per week and mo.
QTAMMKKING, LISPING, ALL IMPERKEC-
-0 lions of speech, positively cored: voice build-
ing. individual Instruction: references from best in
California. PROF. R. *. DAVIS, 1508 Market.
"yOUNG LADY WOULD LIKE FEW MORE
X pupils in any branch of hng'hh or mathe-
matics. Address J. E. C. box 149, Call Office.
Ii>NUINKERING SCHOOL; MECH-, ELEC."
XJ civil, mining, survey, assay, urchin. X ray
taught; es.lB6*. A.VAN N AILLI-JS.9S3 Mkt
TIBHL'S SHORTHAND AND BUSI.NKSS
College, 723 MarKet s:. ; students trained; office
situations secured-, lowest rates or credit for tuition
LOCUTION AND DRAMA: lEI.SAP.TE
XJ thorougnly tnucht : appearances arranged; 1 to
bf.lt OLiVE UOFJt-SCHKOr.DEK, 299 Hyde
BKLASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
Private theatricals arranged: pupils re earned
on stage. R. 5 and 12, 1.0.0. F. block, 7th and Mkt.
ENGLISH, LATIN AND MATHEMATICS;
literature a specialty. MISS RUULSION,
724 i-'Farrai st. .
PKOF. LOUIS MEHKI: VIOLIN. MANDOLIN,
X guitar, cornet; reasonable. 225 Geary, ur.PowelL
L/KENCH, SPANISH, Etc.: Prof. De FILIPPF.'S
X I Academy of Languages, 320 Post: euab'a Ib7l.
SUBSCRIPTIONS AND WANT ADS FOR THE
0 (..'all taken at branch office, 839 Hayes su;
open until 9:30 o'clcciL
IJOOKKPNO. WRUNG, A KIT MTU, ORAMP,
day a night: nodatsei; 95 month. 845 Mission.
lAXU TAUGHT IN SIX MONTHS: "nEW,
quick method; 92 50 per month. 823 Hyde st.
PIANO LESSONS AT TIL'S HOME; 60c;
best ref. B. P., box 76. Call Ottice,
INOING: PIANO: PARIS GRADUATE;
French. German languages: 9'imo. 109 Taylor.
LEO COOPER'S SCHOOL OF ACTING, D.vNC-
J-' lag, voice, pantomime, stage. 814 Geary st.
GUITAR. MA.NKOLIN. PiANO 1 AND VOCVki.
VT lfg»on<. >■■! mo. Mary Westhant. 39 Flftfu
; MEDICAL.
ANEW PROCESS; NO MKDICIN.E OR IN-
struments used; every woman her own physi-
cian; all lemal- troubles, no matter what c-.use:
res'.cres always in one day: can be sent mid used
at home; travelers help-d at once; b« not dece.ved
by self-praised advertisers money refunded in
every Case if a cure is not effected; if you want to
be treated safety ca 1 on a man physician with reli-
able knowledge. DR. POPPER. 818 Kearny st.
4 SURE CURE FOR ALL FEMALE DIS-
-*V eases from whatever c« us-?; a home In con-
finement with every comfort; satisfaction guar-
anteed by MRS. GWYER, 226 Tur< «. »
ALL ( ASK-» OF MONTHLY SUPPRESSION
(from whatever caus ■) restored in a few
hours: safe and sure at any lime; instant relief for
travelers: home In confinement: best care and
privacy: regular physician; 30 years' successful
practice: my celebratea reined. for monthly
suppression never fall: medical electricity for all
fema complaints: every case guaranteed: con-
sultation frte. connderulal: hours 10 to 5; pills 91.
MRS. DR. WYiSTH, 916 Post St., near Larkin.
A PROCESS THAT IS PERFECTLY HARM-
less; never falls in any case of monthly sick-
ness, no motter what CAUse; no eleo ricity bum-
bug or other dangerous methods.: money In every
case refunded if a cure is not - effected; travelers
helped immediately: years' experience; home In
confinement with sanitarian convenience. Con-
sult free the only reliable physicians, DR. AND
MRS. DAVIKS, 14 McAllister st., next Hibernla
Bank: hours, 9 a. m. to 6 and 7 to 8 r. M.
A PROCESS THAT NEVER FAILS TO RE-
store every case of monthly slckuiss from
whatever cause in a few hours when medicines
and others have failed; ' no Instruments used:
many years' experience: every case guaranteed;
advice free; terms reasonable; first-class private
home for confinement. MRS. DX. DALEY, 1126
Market st., over the Owl Drugstore. ■
DR. FOU LET'S FRENCH CAPSULES- A
guaranteed absolute enra for ait female dis-
eases (no matter whet cause): positively safe and
enr«; no danger or after effects: taken in time It
also acts as a preventive: price 91 60 vet box;
Kent free by mail on receipt or prlcu. \V ALLKIi
BROS.. 31 Grant aye.
R. AND MRS. Wl-GENEB, 526 EDDY ST.:
private home; every comfort: separate rooms
before and a uring confinement: female complaints
skillfully treated; regular physician: quick relief
for travelers :^best carp; terms moderate: babies
adopted In good Tatnlllea; consultation free; pills 92.
DRB. GOODWIN. SPECIALIST: LADIES,
near or tar, safe, quick cure guaranteed; any
disease or Irregularities: best skill; free diagnosis;
low fees; self cure. 401 Van Ness aye.
» LPKAUS FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TOLA-
A dies with female troubles; nodsuger; safe
sure; 92 50 express O. O. D.; don't delay until too
late. OBGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland-.Cal.
AT THE PEOPLK'SONE DOLLAR MEDICAL
x\- Institute all canes treated and medicines fur-
n.shed for #1; call or write. 1 029 Vs M rket St.,
bet. Sixth and Seventh, fan 1 rmici-", Cal.
Q r An paid FOR a Case i Fail to CURE
C""« of female complaints or diseases of the
eye; consultation free. MRS. UK. SCOTI.4 IO Geary
1 \V FKArT'TFfc.MA*LK KKGULATINU PILLS;
XJ safe and efficient emmenazogue: 91 per box.
RICHARDS <£ CO.,druEgists, 406 Clay st.,soleagi9.
DON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DiC JORDAN AT
.his museum, 1061 Market st.: bis 30 year*
tacctssful practice la a guarantee of fair treatment;
th* worst cases treated satisfactorily by mail.
HOME IN CONKINKMENT: IRKKGULAHI.
ties restored. DR. AND MRS. RAY, 61 Fifth.
HOME, A FRIEND AND MOTHER'S CARE.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 hlghth st., Alameda,
IF IRREGULAR OH ANY FKMALI. Dl-EASK
JLsee MRS. DR. PUETZ and be content. 1.&4 V- 4io.
1 \K. HALL, 14 McALUhTER STREET. NEAK
I' Jones. Diseases of .women and child reo. *
ASSESSMENT NOTICE.
ASSESSMENT NOT! C K— J ASP E R CON SO LI-
2\. dated alining Company; location of princi-
pal place of nest. San Francisco, California.
Notlie I) heieby given that at a meeting of tti«
directors, held on the 6 h d.y of February, 1897,
an assessment of two cents per share was levied
upon the capital stock of tne corporation, payable
iiiimeiilatelylo the treasurer of said corporation
at the office of the company, at No. 811 lirannan
street, Shu Francisco, California. Any stock upon
which ibis assessment shall remain unpaid on the
12th day of. March, 1897, will be delinquent, and'
advertised for Hale at public auction, and, unless
payment ismnde before, will be sold on the 2d
<iaV of April, iHBT, to )>». the delinquent asiieis-
ment, together with costs of advertising and ex-
penses ot sale. S. H. KuBI p."^SON, Secretary,
. 811 Brannan Street. Han Francisco. Cal.
—
STORAGE.
~Q EDUcT^D^ATE^sTT^ultlflTVfTET^pTAlJoa,
XV household goods, etc. J. M.. PIERCE, 785 Mkt.
. PERSONALS. ;.;
GENTLEMAN OF MEANS WISHES TO COR-
"JT respond with a lady in th» tame position: ob-
ject matrimony.' Address C. B. L., box 130. Call.
DVICE FREE: DIVORCE LAW A .SPEC-
lalty: private; no fee withou: success; pro-
bate, insolveucy, wills, collections, bills of sale*
damages, etc. ; private detectives: estab. 10 years.
G.W.HOWE, at:y-at-law. 850 Market.cor.Stocktn
I HA YE IMITATORS, L TS OF THEM; BUT
tbe-e's only one— G. LEDERER— and that's
me. My strictly one price for all Kinds of hair-
drensing Is 25c. Hair-dressing with shampoo, 50c.
• Q I.nONIA" Hair Tonic. 35c. Gray or bleached
hair restored to natural color with perfe- tly barm-
Its? prei aratlon. G. LEDtRJiit, 11 1 Stockton st.
Be sure of the number.
PRIVATE DETECTIVE WORK DONE REA-
X sonabie; 10 years' experience: hr*. 10 to 19 v.,'
2 to I>. 7 to 8 p.m. G. K. WEBSTER, 1027 Market, r.B.
HUFSCHMIDT, SANITARY PLUMBFR,
. gaafitter. 623GoldenGate ay. Tel.,Suttrr 471.
ANTI-BURGLAK DEVICES PUT IN ANY
building from 91 op. D., box 1. Call Office.
STROZYNSKI. 24|GEARY ST., EXPERT
. European hairdressers and cutters; employs
no apprentices; prices equal toothers.
rpELKGKAPHY AND TYPEWRITING PRAC-
X tlcally taught; day or evening; 95 per month.
7 Hyde st. -
OLD GOLD BOUGHT: HIGHEST PRICKS*. O.
NOLTr, Jeweler, 222 O'Farrell St., nr. Mason.
'VKGRANT WILL HEAR OF SOMETHING
. to his advantage by calling uponLANDRY
C BABIN, 4ia Keurny su
MISS OLLIE LAKE, CARD-READING AND
magnetic treatment. Rooms 3 and 4. 309
Suiter m.
IVORCE AND ANNULMENT OF MAR-
riaye; terms of payment ob Ikiiir; legal every-
where. Address lock box F., 908 Market St., 3. F.
IN TING, WHITENING. PAPERING;
X lowest estimates .best work guaranteed; wall pa-
per 3c roll. EDWARDS, 1200 Webster, cor. Eddy.
MI'S KF.K.GAN (FORMERLY WITH G. LED-
erer) has opened a stylish halrdreasing par. or;
latest effects ;prlce 25c. 124% O'Farrell, nr.Powell.
T AURA DE FORCE GORDON. ATTORNEY
XJ at law. 1236 Market, over J. J. O'Brien'*.
1 flllll CAKDS. 91 5a SHOW CARDS. KTC.
IUUU let Black 141. HILL, 22V* Geary at. 1
C«1 A DOZEN-FINE I'AlJISKi'a At' Xkli*
Ol SON'S uallery. 1028 Market.
'97 .MONTGOMERY ST., BRANCH OFFICE
O*U I 1,1 iUK Call; want ada and subscriptions
taken.
I>ARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
i and Newspaper Illustration: particulars a* to !
terms, etc.. 424 Pine su: illustrations :uruished
for magazines, newspapers, etc.
ARTISTIC HAIRDKES»INO, 25c: 925 FOB
/v cases of hair (ailing or dandruff 1 cannot cure.
MRS. UUBBARD. 1104 Market «L, room 28.
UPTURK AM) PILES CUBED; No PAY
until cured: send for book. DKa. iIA.N*
FIELD A PORTKRFIELD. 839 Market st.
AONISCOPE — NEW PROJECTING MA-
chine; uses the klnetoscope nlms: price 9250.
BACIGALUPI. 646 Market st.
\\r ALL PAPER, 4O A ROLL; PAPER HANG-
'» Inc. pal ntl tig. etc., by contract or clay's work, at
year own price. N.K. MEKIGAN. 130'J Webster st.
IJIG OUTDOOP. STERKOPTICON SHOW EVE-
I-> ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts.: artistic ad-
vertisements, In living light; promoters of bust-
ness, consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market
ELKCTBIO LlGHi'd IN EVERY ROOM-
Winchester House, 44 Third st, nr. Market;
1.00 rooms, 'Jso to 91 C>o per night: 91 CO to (6 per
week ; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
(UOAKS, FUKB AN;> BUIT3 RETAILED AC
V wholesale prices. Faotorr. 20 San no me st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK. THE WORLD'S MOST
Union* medium of modern limes.. Don't fall
to see her If you are interested in the affairs of life;
If n.arriuge, sickness, deaths, changes, travels, di-
vorces, separations, lawsuits, business transac-
tions, wills, deeds and mortgages, lost or stolen
property, lost or absent friends, Interest you: It
you care to know what you should do to be suc-
cessful, where you should go and whom to avoid,
when to buy and sell stocks, etc.: In a word, what-
ever may be your trouble, suspicions or desire i.
call on this gifted woman and she will send you
awar happier, wiser and bolder than ever before.
Hours Va. m. to «p. *.. strict. N. Sa.lsfacttoa
guaranteed by mall, bend stamp for pamphlet
special terms. MP.S DR. F. CLaRK. 1206 Mar-
ket st.. narlors 25 and 28. Take elevator.
Cc. c. ■ a c!
• Remaining 2 weeks only; the famous, world-
renowned Miss Van de Vere will foretell your fu-
ture, guide your affections and secure you Infallible
luck In love courtship and marriage: business
and mining Investments a specialty: positive proof
of accurate predictions giv«n. 1 Fif.h su, room L
MMX. DR. THOMAS. SCIENTIFIC REVKAL-
er by eg^s and cards: tells entire life, past,
present, future; consultations on all affairs: noth-
ing excepted ;. names given; good advice; sure
help; restores lost lov* by sympathy; mistake Im-
possible: fee 91 letter 92. 92V Post *v. nr Larkin.
VIRS. L. KHRHORN. CLAIRVOYANT, SiTS
J»I daily: circles Tuesday and Friday evenings, 8
o'clock. 1147 Mission su
M.E. RAVEN A READS LIFB FLUENTLY;
business advice; names given; 25c up. s Fourth
MISS MELVILLE, WELL-KNOWN CLAlR-
voyaut, 51 Fifth water readings a specialty.
\| ME. HANSEN, PALMIST, CARD-READER;
iU past, present and future; 25c. 148 6th. r. 5.
MUB. DEAN, MEDIUM AND MAGNETIC
healer. 605 Post st.. room 2 I
Mr. LEONA RETURNED: CAKDHEADKK;
magnetic treatment. 995 Market, room 3.
MB. MOBfcAI'.BKBI CLAIRVOYANT AND
medium in City: fee 25c up. 764 Howard st.
ALICE FAY, MEDIUM AND MAGNKTIC
healer; permanent. 12S Seventh st., top fiat.
G*PSY Life- header removed to 3
Seventh st. nr. Market; ladies 25c, gents 50c.
RETURNED— EVA FOSTER, MEDIUM AND
life-reader, satisfaction guaranteed. 131 4th.
\ I ME. - SILVIA RETURNED — CLAIRVOY-
-I*l ant; card-reader. 840 Foisura st.
MME.' SYBILLK TELLS FROM CRADLE TO
grave: pictures *lven:lHdlei *.'sc: 1-34 (TFejUsl
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. MA YD STEERS, 113% OAK ST.; CI«-
-cle Tuesday, 8 P. m., also Ihurslay, '1 p. m.;
readings 91. - • ■
v I Re. C. J. MEYER, CIR. TO-N|GHT. TUES.,
'• Wed. and Frl., « p. if.; trance dr., Mon. and
FrL cv«,, 2:c; Bluings dally. . 326 McA lister st.
Edna Wallace, "TnK original" me-
dlum and magnetic healer. 866>£ Market st.,
room 10. '.-■'-•■_:.:
\l MX. OSMAN, SPIRITUAL TRANCE MKDI-
-I*l urn; life Headings, love «ff. lrs, business invest-
ments, mining speculations a specially. 838 Mission
m LARKIN— B P. M , MRS. LILLIE OF BOa-
-1 toii|will lecture; also test-.
LATE-WRITING DEVELOPING SEANCE
0 io*niKht,26o; Sits dally. MRS. FULTON, 31 Fell.
q^KST MKKTIXG 8 P. M.; 10c. 335 McAI
1 ter; Stitt, Clemens, others; skeptics invited.
MRS. H.LLIS, MEDIUM; BITTINUS.9 TO B. 91-
-circles Tues., Fri.. 2p. m., 26c. 233 Valencia.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY. CLAIRVOYANT,
trance test medium & life reader. 218 Stockton
AM. FRANCIS, INDEPENDENT SLATE
• writer. IIS Halcht St.; hours 9 until 6p. it
HYPNOTIS3I.
HYPNOTISM SCIKNTtFIOALLY TAUGHT:
success grid. UTpnoilcMesmtfriclns,6 O'Farrell'
HORSES.
PERSONAL PROP-.RTY BALE OF HOH«K,
X cart an 1 harness, the property of B. McMahon,
will be sold for board bill at auction at «>raml Ar-
cade stab c. H27 Sixth St.. S. F., Wednesday, Feb.
17, 1897, hi 11 o'clock a. M. • * . .
J() HOK«SB FOR SALE; ALSO WAGONS,
i" buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arrade Horsa
Market, 327 sixth su: 1 auction sales every Wed-
nesday. bULLI V AN A DOYLE. Auctioneers.
ALL KTND3 OF TURNOUTS TO LKT AND
for sale. M.F. BOYCE'SUvcry static. 38 12th
C(\ HEAD OF HORSES SUITABLE FOR ANY
«JUbu«lnesi<i 900 to 1500 pounds. O.d Turk-su car
stables. 1301 Turk; team of larce young mules.
F./-JH SET NEW AND si-CON D-H AN v UAK-
O\J\J ness: all kinds: bnrcy.waeon. carts, snrrs/ ;
& rockawar; 40 cheap horses. 16th and Valencia
r.l\ HEAD ; DRIVING AND WORK HORDES;
OIF weight 1000 to 1700 lbs. 862 Howard St.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES. 1
•VIEW AND SECOND-HAND; BAKER, LAUN-
i-> dry and milk-wason; also fine top buggy and
rockaway. B*B Harrison su
HOTELS. .. •
BROOKLYN HOTEL, 208-21^BU8H^8tC
i) board and room 91 to < »v: per day, 96 to 9 1
per week; choice rooms 50 cents to 91; suite
rooms for family 91 to *1 SO per night: first-class
service; 'free coach. CHARLES MONTGOMERY
— — — — — — i^^ — — — —
riiYM< I ;
T IR.C. C. O'DONNELL, 1200 MARKET. RKS.
XJ 2864 25th st, ; diseases of women aspeclalty.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
TAKE A PLEASANT , " " '
RJDE ON THE CARS TO-DAY,
And see the Castro-si. Addition ; note the many
bulldlnes in course of erection: see how others Hra
ootalnin; their own homes: near! .■ 150 lots have
been so.d: prices 9850 to 9400: terms *5 monthly;
streets graded. >ewervd and macadamized.
Take Mission or Vaienciust. cars, transfer at
14th to electric road: transfer again «o 3Utu si..
and ride 5 minutes to the corner of (."astro and
Chenery sts. Agent ou the ground Sundays. Call
at our office or ou E. M. LONG, S'JO7 22d st., cor.
Mission. BALDWIN & HuWKLL,
10 Montgomery st.
____________
PARK 9225.
9225.
. 935 CASH. . -
$.0 MONTHLY.
We h*ve just subdivided the block bounded by
10th and 11th ayes., N and < sts.: price*, $225
each for Inside lots and 9350 for corners: terms.
9'is cash, 910 nioutuy; title perfect: near the
Affiliated Colleges; Bound to advance in value;
buy a lot and put aside 910 a mouth; It will pay
yon well. ' . BALDWfN A HOWKLL,
10 Montgomery st. ■
CC BEMIS,
• REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
324 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR SALE.
Choice building lot on Army and 27th sts. ; close
to electric road.
9450— Carlos Villa lot; 100x150 feet.
96700— 50x127:6 feet on Jackson at., overlook-
ing the Presidio and bay.
96000—2 modern houses of 8 room* each at
park: 26x137:6 feet; electric roaa passes houses;
make offer.
88500— Elegant NW. corner of Cole and Carl sts.
$300— Choice building lots north of park.
Bargain— cor. Fifth ay. and 0 sU: 109x95 ft.
Q.l £\ f\C\f\ INCOME THIS Y.KAR; WILL
exchange for clear property nea
Sun Francisco; 60 acres In Lane County, dr.;
price 9110.000: very best of improvements; high
BUM of cultivation. A. M. .-I'tCK <b CO., t>o'2
Market St.
SACRIFICED FOR CASH— BEST CORNER
O in the Mission, >W. Folsom and Twenty-first
sis., 65x90; wHI subdivide; al«o S\V. Twentieth
and Treat aye., 25x110; and N. side Face, 37:6
feet from cor. Shrader, bet. Sbrader and Stan-
yan, 50x101). 9
Q.fA^\(\ BUILDS 4 -ROOM BAY-WINDOW
<|pUtJ\J cottaee with bathroom and brick foun-
dation. GEO. M. SALSBURY. builder. 2010 Ellis.
4- ROOM COTTAGE; HARD FINISHED;
*i price *115'J: 9600 down, the remainder at 88
per month, without interest, until paid. Corner of
California and Powell avrs.. Mission.
Al INVESTMENT— F_ATS JUsT BE-
ing completed on Fulton St.. near Lyon: ex-
amine them and be convinced: house open to-day.
DAN EINSTEIN, owner and builder, 630 Mar-
ket st.
<£.lfinn FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE. :
(jP'iuUU. New cottage on 28d aye- East Oak-
land; 6 rooms and bain: high basement; brick
loundauon; bay windows; lot 5-xlBo.
U. li. VMBBEN & CO,
14 Montgomery st.
VTEW HOUSES JUST COMPLETED: SUNNY
-l-> side of Cole St., near Waller; 8 and 10 rooms;
large lots, 125 feet deep; street to be bltuminised.
Apply premises.
MONEY TO LOAN.
A LOANS ON FURNITURE OR PIANOS,
A.. In S. F. . Oakland or Alameda. at lowest rt.tes:
without removal: no commissions: no delays.
J. NOON AN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above Sixth,
telephone Jessie 41.
<5lQnO (\f\C\ AT a % per CENT on CITY
*Zp*J\J\J .\J\J\J real estate; also Oakland -.estates,
Ufa insurance, second mortgages, any sum. Man-
hattan Loan Co., 10 Mil building, ground floor.
HIGHLY RESPECTABLE AND PRIVATE
place to obtain the most liberal advances on
diamonds and jewelry at the very lowest rates.
Baldwin Jewelry Store, 948 Market.
ANY AMOUNT: IST, 2D;OR 3D MORTGAGES.
estates, nudivlded Interests, real estate in pro-
bate: furniture and pianos without removal
UcCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery it., room 3. ' : { .
A— PHIVaTK AND RESPECTABLE, WITH
very light Interest, is the secret of our success.
Cut-rate l.oan Office, Flood building, *09 Market.
fflj'JOX |W)AAT BANK RATKS: IST AN
iJ)OZii>,uWU 2d mortgages, estates, rents, eta:
lend as low as 950. H. MURPHY, 628 Market st.
VV' HY PAY HIGH INT. ON t-MALL LOANS?
»» We loan at 56c interest per mo. on each $100
on 2d mortgage: any security. Gold, box 4, CalL
N FURNITURE; VERY LOW INTEREST;
no commission. j BCRIBNER, 7 City Hall aye.
<B» -100,000 ON CITY AND COUNTRY PRUP-
«©«Jerty; low rates. A. SCHILLER, 420 Cala.
lOANa ON REAL ESTATE: LOWEST RATE
1J of Interest. J A 5.8.8 I OOKS. 214 Pine, r 58-59.
MONKY TO LOAN ON REAL ESTATE:. ANY
amount. WILLIAMS, 214 Pine si., room 3.
d>,-.A TO 950,000; LUVV EaT KATE: IST & 21)
O O\J mortgage: fiat or Insurant. Dry den. 535 Cat.
ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS. JEW K_KY.r.IC
J\ Colombia Loan A (Ollateral Office, y i.rant are.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
1 9fl HAZELTON UPRIGHT, STOOL
O J— .v'- and cover, on 95 installment. 221
Leavenworth st. . . ....-■
pALL AND HEAR NEW STYLE BRUENN
*v pianos; patent sounding-board; new principle;
the delight and wonder of nil musicians. 228 lost.
TJEST BARGAINS IN THK CITY FOR THE |
X) next 6 days at MAUVAIb'. 769 Marke: st.
LEGANT BRUENN PIANO: G)OD AS
new; sacrifice. BRUENN'S, 228 Post st.
* CTUALLY THE BEST BAKGAINS IN PI-
A. anos; mon.hly pa.-ments from «6 up; deliv-
er- d free with sto and cover: correspondence
solicited.' THE F. W. -SPENCER COMPANY,
salesrooms 933 Market St., opp. Mason; e&tab
l.shed over 20 years.
.©1 f\(\ UPRIGHT IN GOOD CONDITION} A
»JpXUU. bargain. BRUENN'S, 218 Post 81.
17LEGANT STEIN WAY UPRIGHT FOR SALE
Loo accouul of departure; 3 petals. THE V.
W. fcPENCER COMPANY, M 33 Market at., opp.
Mason. *
"V"OU ARE WELC TO CREDIT AT
X BRUENN'S piano house, 228 Post St.
A B6OLUTELY THE OLDEST AND LARGEST
A. house west of Chicago is KuHLEK &
CHASE'S. 26, 28 and »0 u'l-'arreli s .; pUno.i, or-
gans and all other musical Instruments, oi all
grades and prices; terms easy: prices lowest:
every possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
LOR SALE— VERY t HEAP: TERMS IF DE-
X sired: or will exchange for tan Francisco resi-
dence property; fine large modern residence in
San Jose: clear; every convenience; best locs-
tion; on electriccar I. no: beautliul garden; fun-
frnlt trees. J. M. bULLIVAN, U. K. Mini, San
Francisco.
, ONA FIDK REDUCTION IN PRICES—
> ' Haloes, Knabe, Bush ft Gerts and others; sec
ond-hand pianos from $100 up. W. C. HAMIL-
TON, successor to A. L. Bancroft Co., 324 i Oat
OUR RENT CONTRACT PLAN ENABLES
every family to have a fine new piano. SHER-
MAN, CLAY «t CO., Kearny and sutler sts.
A DMINIS I BATOR'S SALE — MUST SELL.
A. pianos at Immense reduction for cash or on
lust aliments. KaTON ESTATE, 730 Market. -
WHY PAY REN I' FOR A PIANO WHEN
the same monthly payments will purchase
oue at SHERMAN, CLAY * Ctt'S.
HE BEST PIANOS OF EVERY GRADE,
from t-telnway down, can be found at isUER-
MAN, CLAY & CO.'& .
Ba kg a i fine large upright.cheap
Si H MHZ. 16 McAUlsier.next Hibernla Bank.
AT SHERMAN, CLAY A CO.'S ONLY WILL
you find a stock of new steinway pianos
OHNUNG'S PIANO; MOST PERFECT;
brilliant and powerful tone. 216 Post st.
Wii. BADGER. SOLE A»-ENT FOR HALLE V
»» .it Davis and Francis Bacon pianos. 415 sacta
PIANO-* SOLD AT SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.'S
on ve^v' easy payments. . ,
A SHAW. N WAY 9250, CHICKERINO
9185; great bargains; 94 mo. HEINE.I 36 EL'ii
BYRON MACZY. 308 POST ST.— SOHMER,
Neubv i Evans, Briggs and other pianos,
j .
QUPERIOK VIOLINS. ZITHERS, OLD* NEW
OH. MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 i a hnm plaec
attorneys- AT-LAW.
A DVICK FREE: DIVOhCE LAWS A SPEC-
■ _\ialty: private; no fee without success: probate,
Insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale, deeds,
damages, etc.; private detective*; estab. 10 years.
G. W. HOWE, 850 Market st, corner Stockton at.
. 4 DVICK FREE; NOCHAKGE UNLESS
ii.c«ssful.. W. W. DAVIDaON, 927 Market st.
RW. KINO, ATTORNEY-AT-LAW, CHRON-
. icle building; advice free: low s: all cases.'
A DVICE FREE; NO CHARGE UNLESS SUC-
A cessfui. J. G. JEFFRKSS. 632 Market, nn.ai*.
BICYCLES.
STKARNS SPECIAL AND A ROAD WHEEL
for sale at a sacrifice. Call at once 516 Geary.
SECOND-HAND— 2 TANDEM , #80 AND 990;
i O 2 roadsters, 925 and (30 good a < new. Goideu
Rule Bazaar Bicycle Department, -5 Geary st.
rnon.t.iiA . SUPPLIES.
HOTAKE CAMERA LAMP, CHEMI-
cuU, paper and . 6 . plates, 92 50. California
Camera Co., 22 Geary at. • ■ ■'"
COUNTRY REAL ESTAT E.
TMPBOVF.D CHICKEN RANCH: 10% ACRES;
X only ?25u down, balance within 9 years. A.
BEST, Sonoma, CaL
VAC A valley fruit lands,
ON THE cklebraled putah CREEK,
near "winters, yoi.o County.
Five, 10 and 2 J acre tracts on easy terms. This
locality. has an International reputation for its
early. fruits, deep, rich, loamy soli; will grow all
all varieties of fruits and vegetables; no Irrigation
required. ASTON, ELDBIDGK <fe CO,
■ ■ 638 Market St.
"I .-ACRE CHICKEN RANCH: 3 ACRES
X— creek bottom: 6 Intervale, around a live-
room house; barn; several chicken-bouses; balance
bill: covered with timber; plenty wood and run-
ning water; lovely shiuli- trees; some fruit: two
miles from town; $1000; half cash . alao several
pieces, partly Improved, on the 10-year plan, and
4, 8 and 12-acre pieces, vacant, at (50 to $100 per
acre. ■ D. H. TWING, Sonoma City.
FUR SALE— I2OO ACRES GRAIN AND FRUIT
land; fencea and improved. Inquire .N. A.
BR4TTON. Williams, Cal.
W ANTED— TO l-XCHANGE OR SELL A
»» ranch in Sonoma County for a city, Oakland
or Sauaali.o property. Apply 1318 Larkin st. „
END FOR ILLUSTRATED PAMPHLET OF
California land.i for sale dv H. FRANCIS,
rooms 69-71, Chronicle building, tan Francisco, Cal.
RANCH BARGAIN: *5 PER ACRE; 1280
acres timber; plenty water; excellent stock
ranch best part of Kern Co. 8., box 20. Call Office.
T ITTLE HOMES CLOSE TO TOWN; IM-
Xj proved; ,«asy terms: also 4 to 12 acre pieces
on 8 and 1" years* credit. D. H. TWINO, So-
noma City; every Monday at 632 Market sU, S. F.
» vVEr.K a NEWS FOR 5 CENTS—
.A WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— qQS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
.^COTTAGES OF 2 AND a ROOMS BESPEC-
— tively will be sold to the hUh-st bidder for
cash: must be removed within thirty days. Apply
to Richard J. . Montgomery, executor estate of
MAKGAREi P. McCOURTNEY, loom 67,906
Broadway, Oakland.
TO KXCHA.NGE — 6-ROOM COTTAGE (LOT
52x160, ?300ii) for clear ranch. J. H. KDaON,
1208 Broadway, Oakland.
OUR OWN 6-ROOM COTTAGE (MODERN)
and lo; for *950, payments to suit: fine lot for
$7.">, 9.) cash, $5 monthly, adjoining East Oakland.
469 Ninth su, Oakland. H. Z. JONES, Owner. /
<g» 7 C TO. 153 FOR CHOICE BUILDING
O • O lots in the town of Ftichbnrg; a new sta-
tion established near - Oakland, on the Hay ward 1
and San Leaudro local line, by the Southern Pacific
Company; only 45 minutes from San Francisco
and 6 minutes from Oakland; electric-cars, every
ew minutes: terms to «nit buyers. Apply to
( . M. BUNKLK, owner. V>lOV Waalilugioii su,
Oakland Ca!.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — TH»
WEEKLY CALL. in wraDf>er. for maliTne.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
ATjAHKuX KKAXi FSTAT*!.
I OWN NICE RKSIDKNCE LOT. «0 FEET
front. In Milwaukee, Wi*.. worth *30 per front
1001; would like 10 exchange for same value In
Alameda. D. B. HANSON, 9 Fremont su, S. F.
IjEAUTIFUL ALAMEDA— HOME-SEEKERS,
Xi examine Damon's mo lei cottages; 4, 5 and 8
rooms; 91750, . 20S0, $2250. 441 Central aye.,
near Second-aye. station. Office, 602 Market.
Ct9zl A FHONT FOOT: 100x150; STBEET
•ilP^p'l work all done: on a main avenue: 2 blocks
from Willow-street station. W. B. FII'CH, Bay
Station, Alamtda, or GaMAN LY0N.215 Kearny
St., San Francisco.
ABGAI.N— 2S ACBESCHOICK FRUIT. HAY,
grain, winter vegetables, 925 ncre; 83 acres rich
soi , 4 ttowinirspr'ss, $35 acre, all fenced, nr. Pleas-
union, Alamedu Co. Call, write 69 Columbian bldg.
I, AKG A I N P R FOOT ; I» ON NORTH
1 ' aide San Antonio avo., near Grand St.
«1 250—90x150; tan Joss aye., nr. Willow st. \
$1750—50x150. new modern house. 5 room*
and bath: north' aide ot street; must be sold at
once.
Many other sacrifice*.
AHMEDA LAND CO..
1500 Park st.. Alameda.
\1 A >ll It V HOUSES TO LET.
■ HOUSE OF 12 ROOMS. N. W. CORNER CEN-
XX tral aye. and lieu ton st. : one block from Mor-
j ton station; an elegant- residence: fine, large
grounds; good location for family boarding. T. F.
B URI), 1303 Park st., Alameda.
ALAMEDA HOUSES FURNISHED.
m 1 LET FURNISHED— HOUSE OF FROM 8
1 to 11 rooms: beautifully located; large grounds
with orchard: suitably arranged forprlva.e board-
ing If desired: rent in part exchanee for table
board. For further particulars address C. R.,
Alameda, Cal. . -.-. •
BERKELEY HOUSES.
FURNISHED 8-KOOM HOUSE COMPLETE,
P bath, gas, laundry; near 3 car lines. MltS. S.
J. I> GALLS, 2122 Bancroft way. Berkeley.
property to exchange.
For exchXnge Til "fin ■" residence
property on best part of California st.; street
accepted; Urge lot, 34:4^x137:6; will exchange
for property east Octav'.a st., or Oakland, clos^ to
station. Address 0., box 12, Call Office.
CA HOUSES AND LOTS. F1.0.M 9200 TO
OV 928,000: 100 r.mcties, everywhere.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market opp. Fifth.
Cil-NX> iUttULK LlM'-u* URLUAKU HUMriS
0 for salt". W<>O«TKH -ft WH Ft T'K, K-.n .In*.,
FOE SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
XTO'.l SALS— FINKLY FURNISHED HOUSE;
J. 10 rooms, all rented; cheap. 818 lay. or st.
SACRIFICE; FURNITURE 4 ROOMS. COM-
plete for bouseke3piug. Address X. V., box
74, CalL
yOUXti, GENTLK, FRESH COW AND CALF
-L for sal*. Apply 2.1 Church st.
1 99£ i SIXTH AYE.. SOUTH SAN FRANCIS-
I— — v> CO— Fresh milch cow for sale.
fTIUOROUGHBRED PUG DOGS FOX SALE
X cheap. 14 Marye terrace, Turk and Larkin.
HAND LAUNDRY MACHINES: NEW AND
second-hand; tools supp led, etc 766 Bryant
rrmOROUGHBRED HEREFORD COW; VERY
•1 gentle; 14 quarts a day. 3288 Enclnal aye.,
lilKb-st. station, Alameda. "
LAKGE DOUBLE COMPARTMENT COIN
XJ bank safe; cheap. 8 Miss on mi.
/COLLECTION OF 10 RARE VIOLINS FROM
\J the estate of au artist for sale cheap. - Inquire
410 Kearuy st., room 10.
ST. BERNARD PUPS; PRIZE; PfcDIGKKK:'
stock: sire, champion. Grand Master; dam,
first prize. Beauty; perfect, color and markinvs.
812 V* FiMio;i si. . !
"VTKW ELMWOODRANGES ARE THE BEST.
XI W. S. RAY MFG. CO.. 12 California su
BOILERS, ENGINES, L'D-H A NU MACHINERY
water-pipes. Mclntosh A- Wolpman. 137 Beale.
T> ABB, BACK , BARS. MIBBORS. SHOW-
I) cases, counters, linoleum, office furniture,
store and office furniture aud fixtures, new and
secondhand. J. NOONAiV, 1017-1010-1021-1023
Mission «-, above Sixth. . . •
BARti, SCALES. MIKROK*, .FRENCH
ranges, etc.. bought, sold. MEEK, 1118 Mission.
GOFKEE MILL. SCALES, LETTER PRESS,
\J stand desk, money till, safe; cheap. 102 Clay.
I. ARS, SHOWCASES, COUNTERS, bHBLV-
\i ing, etc, tought and sold. 1063 Mission. Dr. Tin.
ONK SMALL MKOiUM AND LABGE-SIZCS
fire and burglar proof safe 109-111 Market su
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses have been
Issued by the County Clerk's office 1 -
Ctrl tod Bremen and Lizzie Becker, 40—35. «■ '
W. Hozsell an 1 Anna St.-.;. 33—35-
W. G. no comb» and Martha P. Glbbs, Sl— 2s.
R. U. Skatn and Katie Wal'a -c, 28—24.
William Little and Lena Lan;, 46— 30.
J. H. Coy do and Louise B Moulder. 87—25.
J. B. Oberle and Lavinnla B. Fora. Hl— B9.
W. B. McGulre and Lnura Cahlll. 24-21.
J. I.undit* and Julia EearJon, 28— ..
J. Be:iHOn «nd Carre C. Benson, 36—
C. Brodbeck and Marie Laubscber. 27—19. ; i /
P. Ha •■ rutty an 1 Maggie Bowen. 29— .'4.
H. P. 1 og» and i-ra E. Ronald, 19—18.
BkKlilis — — iiLATHS,
/Birth, marriage and death notices seat br mall
will not bo Inserted. They must be banded In a:
either of the publication offices and be ludorteJ
with the name and residence of persons authorised
to have me same published, 1
BORN. :
CAi:*— ln this city, February 6, 1897, to the wife
of C. J. (.'Tin of the '!lon Inland*, a son.
MARRIED.
AMBURN-BARRONE-In ibis city, February 8,
1897. by the Rev. Dr. W. W. Case, William W.
Amburn of sau Francisco and Nellie Barrone of
Aberdeen. Wash. "
McGUIRE— CAHILL— In this city, February 15,
1897, by the Rev. Dr. W. W. Case. William B.
McGwire of San Francisco and Laura Caalll of
Stockton.
WILLIAMS— In this city. February
11. 18 97, at the Church of Nuestra Senora do
Guadalupe, by the Key. Father Saataadreu, M.
Sherman of San Francisco and Annie Williams
of Redwood City.
DIED.
Bell, Michael Engel, Christina
Bereman, Henry. Gorman. Mlchaol
Berg. William O. Griffith. Fleming U.
' Blonlell Alice G. Hall. Catherine R.
80-lz, Albert , Hoey, James
B rummer, Maria Jones, David H.
Canavan, Kate Kelly, Kate T.
toldman. Catherine Larson, Edith A.
Collins. John L. Luany, Joseph
Condon Mary McGiade. James E.
Cone, William H, Matbieu. Jullen
Cutter, Mary J. Olsen.- Annie
Curley, Jajk Shelling. Barbara
Donnelly. Tnoraaj • Waluron, Michael
BELL— In this city, February 15, 1897. Michael,
beloved husband of Mary A. Bell, and father of
Nicholas P. 8. Bell, a native of the parish of
New Kennin«ham, County Tipperary, Ireland,
aged 43 years and 7 months.
JBSfFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fu ly Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 8: 0 o'clock a. m.. from the par-
lors of J. c. O'Connor A Co.. 767 Mission street,
the. ice to St. Ignatius Church, Hayes street and
van Ness avenue, where a requiem nigh mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock a. k. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
BEREMAN-In this city. February 16, 1897.
Henry liereman of Susanville, Nev., aged 57
years. *
BKRG-In this city, February 14. 1897. William
O. Berg, a native of Germany, aged 63 years.
BLONDELL— In this city, February 16. 1897.
Alice G., beloved wife of the late l'iiomi< Blou-
dell, and mother of William Biondell, a native of
lr-l»nd, aijea 7J years.
Friends and acquaintance* are resuect-
fnlly Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock a.m.. from her lat«
reslaeuca 006 Fullon street, thenc ■ to sacred
.Heart Church, where mats will De celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock a. U. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
BOLTZ— In this city. February 16. 1897. Alba rt.
beloved husband or Mary Boltz. a. id father of
William and Henry Boltz and Mr;. 8. O'Brien,
a native of Germany, ajed 61 years 5 mou.hs
and <> days.
BRUMMKR— In tnii city. February 16, 1837.
Maria, beloved wile of Captain K. Bruramer, jind
sister of Hob Dickotv, a nutiv* of Go.mow, Ponj-
meru, Germany, agea 39 yeaw 3 mouths aud 4
days. ■_•.-'- ■
BSf Friends and acquaintance* ar« respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p.m.. from the par-
lors of H. I. Peterson & to, 228 McAllister street,
Interment 1. O. O. F. Cemttery.
CANAVAN— in this city, February 1«. 1897.
Kate, beloved wife of James 1 anav.in, mother of
John Canavan. Mrs. M. Alfred, Juuiex Jr. and
Kitty Canavan, and sister of Mania Caultleld.
a native of County Galway, Ireland, aged 48
years.
COLEMAN-In this city, Feb-uary 16, 1897.
Catherine, dearly beloved wife of Andrew Cole-
man, an I mother of John T.. Louise F., Mar-
garet, Kitty. Andrew J. aad Richard Coleman
and Mrs. J. P. liar.elme. » native of Fermoy,
County Cork. re) and, aged 41 years. FLos An-
geies and Chicago p iperi piease copy.J
«B~Notlce of funeral hereafter.
COLLINS— In this city. February 3 5,1897, John
L., be'.ove.l husband of Msmls Col. ing, c dest
son of the la lt > Jolin and Elizabeth H. Collins,
aid brother of Therese and the laic James E.
Collins, a uutiva of San Francisco, aged 30 years
and 7 months.
O"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock a. h., from his
la..- resluen.e, 314 Harriet street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
CONDON— In this city, February 15 1897, Mary
Condon, a native of Ireland, aged 42 yuan.
CONE— In th« City and Counts Hospital. Feb-
ruary 1«, 1897. William U. Cone. ajcl 55 yearj.
CUTTER— In this city, February 15. 1897. Mary
Jaae. wife of James Cutter, and beloved mother
of Mrs. Char H. Goldbeck, Mrs. ueor:;e F.
McManus, Isabella Cutler ana the late Mrs. D.
.li. Sullivan, a native of New Orleans, ageJ 53
years 3 mouths »ni 6 days.
gyFrieads and acquaintances are respoct-
fulli- Invited to a.tend the funeral THIS DAY'
(Wednesday), at 2:30 o'clock p. it, from the resi-
dence of her son-in-law. Chunes ooldbeck, 2
Henrietta square, oil Eleventh street, oetwoon
Howard aud F^lsom. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
CURLEY-^ln this city. February 15, 1897, Jack
Curley, belove.l brother of Mrs. a. Rojo, a na-
tive ot San Francisco, aged 20 years 11 months
an I 4 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the fun-rat THIS DAY
(Wednesday) at 9:30 o'clock a. m. sharp, from
the r>-stdeii(.e of his sister, 2 Hopeton terrace,
oil Washington street, between Stockton and
Powell, thence to at. Mary's Chnrch, Dupon;
and California streets, where a requiem mass
will be said for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock a. m. Interment Mouuc Ua>
vary Cemetery. *"iV
DONNELLY— There will be an anniversary re-
quiem high mass at St. Hose's Churcu. Braunan
street, THIS DAY (Wednesday), at 9 o'clock
a. »c, for the repose of the soul of the law
Thomas Donnelly. Frlaads and acquaintances
are Invited to attend.
ENUEL— In this city, February 16,1897. Chris-
tina Enjtol, a native of Germany, aged 77 years.
GORMAN— Id this city. February 16. 1897.
Michael, bvloved son of Mary and the late
Michael Gorman, ami brother of the late Martin
>>orman and Annie Mora 11, a nativeof San i-rau-
clico, aired 18 years 5 mun:hs and 20 days.
GRIFFITH— In this city. February 16, 1897
Fleming Manning, beloved husband of Eliza
Griffith, father of Jennie a.. Charles F. and Ed-
ward W. Griffith, and bro:her of ■ Sheldon Grif-
fith, a native or New 1 or*, aged 45 years 4
months and 20 days. ,
43"Friends and acquaintances are r»spect-
fully Invited to attend the 'lineral TO-MORRoW
(Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock a. m.. from his
la c residence. 2912 Lsguna street. Interment
Masonic Cemetery. .
HALL— In this city, February 16, 1897. Catherine
R. Hall, beloved mother or' Mrs. J. J. O'Connor
and James F. Hall, a native of Ireland, aged 6 4
years.
WThs funeral will take plao» THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m.. from her late
residence, 214 Grove street, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, where a solemn requiem mass will Da
celebrated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Croat
Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock a. m. train from
Third and Townsend streets.
HOEY— In this city. Kebruarv 15, 1897, James
Hoey, brother of the late Mrs. Mary Cahill and
William Hoey. with he steamship Alert, U. 8
N. , a uatiTT of J-an Francisco, aged SO years 1
month and . 5 c'ays.^, . - '■
S3" Friends and acquaintances are rosnect-
fnl y invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the par-
lors of the Union Undertaking Company, 733
Mission street, near Third, interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery. ...
JONES-ln Redwood City. February 16, 1897.
David Harrison, son of David R. Jones, formerly
of Him boldt County, Ca!., and brother of John
B. Jones. Mr* Z. U. Dodge. .Mm. F. B. Buuer-
-11 eld and Mrs. H. Cookson, aged 40 years.
I Hum boldt papers please copy.J
*»- .\ o.ice or funeral heraMcer ' '■ ; '-.
KELLY— In this city. February 15, 1897, Kate
T., beloved mother of John li. and flush Kelly,
a native of County Roscommou, Ireland, aged-
-68 years.
aar-The funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 8 :20 o'clock a.m., from her late
resldenuv, 'Si ; Four.h street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, .\llsBion ntree:, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Friend*
are invite 1 to attend. Please omit flowers.
Interment Holy. Cross « eroeiery.
LARSON— In this cty. February 14,1897 Edith
Adeline, oeloved daughter of Axel and Hannah
Larson, a native of San Francisco, aged 1 year 7
months and 24 days. . - . • * "
LUNNY— In this cltv.' February 16.1897, Joseph,
brother of E. J. Lunny, a native of Canada, aged
63 years." . ,
McGLADE— In this city, February 16. 1897,
Jame< E., beloved son of Edward J. and Acnes
L. McGlade, and grandson or Mrs. J. McQuee-
ney, a native of San Francisco, aged 1 year 8
months and 29 days.
■ aS"The funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock a. v., from the resi-
dence of the parents, 271 Shipley street. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MATHIEU — In tnls ci:v, February' 14, 1897,
Julien Mathieo, a native of England, aged 7ft
years 9 months and 28 days
OL-~KN— in this city. February 15. 1897, Annie
Oisen. a native of Wales aged 45 years 6 months
and 16 days. , ; *:■-,:'.• $ "■ '■ J
SHELLING— In Marraol, Nev., Barbara Shelllntr,
beloved mother of Mrs. C. B." Derby, a native of
Wurtemberx, Germany, aited 80 years and 10
days. [diva (N. V.) papers please copy.J . -
WALDRON— In this ctt/, February 15, 1837.
Michael Waldron. a native of the parish of Cam,
County Itoscommon, Ireland. a^'ccl, 35 years,
I Boston papers pleasa copy.)
- • 45g~Frieudi and acquaintances are r*speot-
fully InvlteJ to attend the funeral ,THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 1 :30 o'clock P. if- from the par-
lors of the Pao tic Undertaker.*, 777 - Mission
street, Dear Fourth, theace to ■ St. Patrick's
Church for services. Interment Mount Calvary
Cem<"terv. .. ..
] McAVOY A GALLAGHER, I
FONKRAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMME3,
aoFirtbSt., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 308 a
LAUREL HILL
CEMETERY. ASSOCIATION
IS PREPARED TO CONTINUE THE SALE
of burial pats and graves in its cemetery and
give deed*.
Perpetual care of lots win be arranged for at th»
Superintendent's offlca at the cemetery, corner
Bush street and Central avenue. San Francisco. \
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN MATEO COUNTY: NEAREST CEMB»
tery to the city ; non-sectarian ; muo sense
elusive: location unexcelled. Ottc« W7 MIUM
•areet, »outl»eiai corntx v «iixu». ««••
1314
GREEKS WILL
MAKE READY
The Local Colony Is Very
Eager to Oppose the
Turks.
FUNDS WILL BE RAISED
TO HELP.
Patriotic Addresses to Be De
livered at a Banquet
Sunday.
THEIR LOVE OF CONFLICT Ib
INHERITED.
So Say Demetrak and Vamvcles,
Prominent Members of th;
H llenic Society.
Ti>e members of the local Greek colony
are wrought op to a high pitch of patri
otic enthusiasm by ihe news of the mother
country's expressed determination to
defy the unspeakable Turk and to draw
the sword il necessary in defense of cretaii
liberty. A- alieady stated in these col
umn?, ti.is enthusiasm has assumed a
practical form ; lunds are being raised to
succor the wives and families of the ma^
sacred Christians, and fully 2">o able
bodied Greeks are prepared to leave for
the scene of hostilities at almost a mo
ment's notice should the mother country
be actually in need of their services.
C. Demetrak of 1022 Mission street stated
last night that a banquet would be given
on Sunday evening in the Druids' Hall,
Sutler street, at the expense of A. Kosta,
tiie chairman of the committee recently
appointed by the Hellenic Mutual Benev
oltnt Society to consider the question of
raising funds on behalf oi the Cretan
patriots. The banquet proper will le
preceded by a mass- meeting, in tbeconroe
of winch Messrs. Demetrak, M. I). \*am
vules, M. Daminnakis and F. Yrewioswill
de.iver addresses on t lie subject of the
present crisis and invite suggestions from
i lie rest of their countrymen in this City,
who are expected to attend the meeting
almost to a man.
It was also decided the other evening to
give a ball for the benefit of the sufferers
on the island of Crete, at the Turn
Verein Hall, SS-> Turk street, on the 27th
inst., particulars of which will be pub
lished iater. Every guest will appear in
the Greek national costume, and a large
gathering is confidently anticipated.
"All the Greeks in tne City," said Mr.
Demetrak, "are very enthusiastic, and the
Cretan question ab orbs our attention just
now. \\ c are preparing to assist our coun
try in every way possible, eilher with men
or with money. If Greece has to light
Turkey, there are many oi us, not only in
fcan Francisco, but all over the States,
who will go over to help her. Most of us
are naturalized Americans, and love our
adopted country, and are equally ready to
draw the sword on her behalf when called
upon. Just now, however, the United
Slates enjoys peace and can spare us to
right for the niothercountry. 1 believe we
can raise a company of 250 able-bodied
men, fully equipped, to leave at a mo
ment's notice when needed. It is a nat
ural instinct with the Greeks to aid the
distressed, as was illustrated last week,
when our society contributed a large sum
for the benefit of the sufferers by the re
cent floods at Athens. To-day's news
jrom the seat of war was received with joy
among us, and we have been holding an
impromptu celebration in honor of the
event."
M. D. Vamvales echoed the sentiments
of Mr. Demetrak, when interviewed yes
terday.
"Yes," he said, "all in in readiness when
the struggle really begins between Greece
and Turkey. There are probably about
600 Greeks in San Francisco, and 1000 on
the facific Coast. At least 100 in this City
alone are qualified to tight when called
upon. It should be borne in mind that
nearly ail of us have served our time in
the Greek army, with the exception of
thoße who left home before they were of
age, and some others who were born in
this country. At present we are merely
concerning ourselves with the raising of
funds to assist the cause of Crete, and we
give a ballon the 27>b inst. for the bene
fit of the widows and children of the ma-
sacred Cretans. Nevertheless we are pre
pared to form a company more than 100
strong to leave for Crete when called upon.
Many of the Greeks here are fairly
wealthy, and we shall have no difficulty
in raising pienty of money."
Vamvales is a' big, pow-rlully built man,
and physically, at least, seems admirably
qualified to undertake a warlike mission.
The love of fighting for its own sake, he
explained, was a national inheritance,
dating from Thermopylae. Salamis and a
hundred other blood-stained fields upon
which his ancstors have vindicated the
cause of freedom against the incursions of
Asiatic tyranny. "•Wherever there is any
fighting," said Vamvales naively, "we
must be in it. We would help the United
States with equal readiness against a for
eign foe."
TUGGERS WILL TRAVEL.
An Advertising Scheme to At
tract Attention to Califor
nia Products.
Cars to Be Chartered to Carry Ov r
the Country a Display of Cereals,
F: uits and Muscle.
The big international tug-of- war tourna
ment, which is to take place in the Me
chanics' Pavilion from the 27th of Feb
ruary to the 9th of March, is merely a pre
liminary step to a big scheme for adver
tising the State.
D. R. McNeill, the lessee of Central
Park, who will manage the tournament,
intends to select a champion team from
among the competitive ten teams, which
Jater in the year he will send on a trip all
over this country and finally land them in
Piirisatthe great World's Exposition of
1900. They will b* called the "California
(Hants," and McNeill is confident they
will be able to ompull any team that can
be brought against them ai ih«t show,
which is to surpass all the expositions
heretofore given.
It is expected that these California
giants will be a wonderful advertisement
for the State. The plan is to charter an
engine and fourteen cars and take along
with the giants a superb collection of Cali
fornia products, 'ihere will be an im
mense tent of red, wuite and blue canvas,
under which these products will be dis
played, with admission free. After the
free show there will be tug-of-war con
tests, to which admission will be charged
to pay the expenses of the big traveling
advertisement.
Advance agents will precede the show a
cw months to get up tug-of-war tourna
ments to determine the best teams to put
up against the Culifornians and compete
for large prizes. The combination of
champion athletic features with the dis
play of fruits, wines and other products,
it is believed will draw a great deal of at
tention to this State.
At the various training quarters in the
City the teams are industriously training
for the coming; contest. In some places
the rope is attached to a scale to test the
increase of pulling force, and in others it
is attached to a very heavy weight, which
the men hold suspended a long time in the
air to develop endurance.
The Swedish team, which is the cham
pion at the present time, is in fine condi
tion. The men average 200 pounds each
of solid bone and muscle.
• — — • ■
PERJUEY IS CHAEGED.
Sequel to a Illvorre Suit of Hellman
Against Hellman.
John Pearson, 516 Precita avenue, swore
to two complaints in Judgp Low's court
yesterday charging Charles Hellman with
perjury.
In the first complaint it is alleged that
Hellman on December 24, 1894. swore be
fore Charles H. Phillips, notary public, in
an application for a divorce from his wife,
E. Hehman. on the ground of desertion,
that she had not lived with him for one
year, whereas, in fact, they had been liv
ing together till within one month of the
application for divorce.
The second conipiaint charges Hellman
with testifvinp to the same effect on Jan
uary 12. 1805, before F. W. Lawler, court
commissioner of the Superior Court, in
the divorce suit.
The Shooting of Patrick Dolan in His Saloon on Market Street.
JOE KING AS A WITNESS.
Asked to Explain Why the H s
p lal Work Was Not Let
by Contract.
The Mayor Will Be Asked to Abro
gate Morgan & Co.'s Mission
H:gh School Contract.
Ex-Supervisor Joe King was the star
witness before the Grand Jury yesterday
afternoon. The jury wanted to know
from him how it was that the $10,000 ap
propriated for repairs at the City and
County Hospital by the last Board of Sup
ervisors was frittered away without any
thing being accomplished commensurate
with that sum of money. King was chair
man of the Hospital Committee. The
work that ate up the $10,000 was done In
small jobs, such as did not require to be
submitted to the competition of bidders
under the law. It therefore could be j:iven
to anybody selected by the committee of
the board, and it so happened fiat they
were King's friends who were selected in
most instances to do the work.
The jury wanted to know why the work
was not done regularly by contract. King
was a good witness in his own behalf.
That is to say his explanations left the
jury as much in doubt as it was before,
cieveral of the contractors were also before
the jury, but their testimony was to the
effect that they did the work that they
were required to do. The investigation,
however, is still on, and will be followed
to its furthest limit.
The committee having in charge the
special investigation of the Mission High
School contract scandal has prepared a
■eport which it will submit to Mayor
Phelan to-day. The report reviews the
evidence taken before the jury, as well as
the investigations of the committee, an 1
urges that the contract with Morgan <£
Co. for pntting in the heating plant be
abrogated.
GRADY MAYHEM CASE.
Another Continuance <. runted Yester
day for Mne JJays.
Tbe preliminary examination of Attor
ney W. D. Grady on the charge of may
hem was set for yesterday afternoon be
fore Judge Joachimsen. James bchafer.
the complaining witness, who had nearly
the whole of his left ear bitten off in the
Orpheum annex, and all the other wit
nesses were present.
The defendant said he was ready to go
on, but Mr. Ackerman, special counsel for
the prosecution, had asked him to agree
to a continuance, as be would be unable
to be preient.
The Judge objected at first to granting
another continuance, but finally con
sented to a postponement tiiJ Thursday
afternoon, February 25, when the exami
nation will positively go on.
NOT FOR THE ORPHEUM.
Manager Walters Ignores Mrs. Dimond
of Honolulu.
Gustav Walters of the Orpheum is indig
nant because A. J. Moore, formerly «ho
press agent of the Orpheum circuit,
has been extensively advertised as man
aging Mrs. William Dimond of Honolulu
for the Orpheum circuit.
In a letter received by Philip Hastings
yesterday Mr. Walters says that his thea
ters will not patronize amateurs, however
clever, and that all persons who become
notorious by reason of sensational law
suits will be declined engagements.
- • — , — •
They make a specialty of Bunk Stock paper:
t has the water-mark. Mysell-Rollins, 22 Clay*
■••-•.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1897.
WAS SHOT DOWN
IN HIS SALOON
Patrick Dolan the Victim
of a Man He Knows as
" Barney."
The Assailant Says He Was
Avenging an Attempt to
Poison Him.
Eugene K?nn-y Has Surrendered Him
self to the Police as the Man Who
I; Wanted.
With bullet holes through his body and
life's blood oozing from him; knowing
full well that his hours were numbered,
Patrick Dolan wept on the operating table
of the Receiving Hospital yesterday morn
ing and niaue his dying statement.
This bit of ante-mortem history is part
of the evidence relied upon by the police
to convict Eticene Kenney, better known
as "Barney, the Cook," of one of the most
cold-blooded murders committed! here
since David Fauss calmly entered, a
Fourth-street saloon about ninety days
auo and emptied his revolver into the
body of Billy Manning, who was quietly
enjoying a game of cards.
Fauss walked out of the place where
twenty people had seen him assassinate
his man, and he has never been seen since
by any one authorized or inclined to take
him into custody. Like Blanther and
Dunham, h« is null at large, and Eugene
Kenney might still be among the un
captured bad he not felt some unac
countable compunction and delivered
himself to the deteci ives.
Patrick Dolan, the proprietor of a saloon
at 1^74 Market street, within a stone'.s
throw of the City Prison, took his regular
morning watch yesterday. There were no
people in the hou-e, excepting old Thomas
Urowe, a hanger-on, who was so besotted
and asleep that he did not bear the report
of three pistol shots. The detectives cap
tured him wben they arrived upon the
of the shooting, and upon compar
ing notes they acreed th -y each knew as
little as did the others about the affair.
Crowe, however, was captured and is
now in prison.
The first evidence obtained came from
Patrick Dolan himself, after he had been
brought from the yard bock <>f hi« saloon
and hi* wounds had been examined at the
hospital. He said :
My name is l'n trick Dolan. I am proprietor
oft c saloon 1374 Market street. I was born
in Ireland, am unmarried and have residei in
this City ft teen years. A man by the name of
Barney came inio the saloon and asked for
beer. 1 went to draw it and ne just shot me.
I never had any trouble with him before. He
did not say anything to me except when I
asked him if he wanted beer. I was walking
up to the kegs when he tired at me and I ran
out the back way and said I was shot. He ran
out the front door. There were two other men
In the saloon. Tom Crowe, a jin'tor In the
City Hall, was one. I doa't know the other
man. The man who shot me his name is
Barney. 1 don't know his other name.
Believing I am about to die, I In-ruby make
this mv last dying statement and dec. are the
same to be the tru:h.
(Signed) I'atkkk Dolan, 720 Tehama,
The statement was witnessed by O. H.
Heyneman and A. A. Maguire, M.D.
"Barney" it a well-known character
around the saloons near the City Hail,
and he has been kimwii for years us
"Barney, the Cook." He made a living
by doing chores in and about these p:aces
at odd um«*s.
George Young, a window-washer, work
ing across the street near Central Park,
heard the three shos tha: were tired and
saw two men dart out of the door of the
saloon and separate. One went toward
Seventh and the other toward Eighth
street.
Charles Lamb, a passer-by, likevthe
observed the fleeing men, but was not in
clined to atop either. Hundreds cf other*
on the s :eet heard the flidis, but walked
away, leaving the two fugitives to go un
ai rested.
There vas nothing, therefore, upon
which a clew could fie fabtt-ne 1 excepting
the dying statement of Patrick Doian,
that it was "Barney" who dio the shoot
in ir.
The Dolan saloon is a "beer joint," as
such places are commonly called. It has
an opening on Market and reaches back to
another on Park avenue. The bar proper
occupies the west side of tbe saloon to a
row of beerkegs. There are numberless
tables, billiard and other kinds, in the
back.
A broken "steam-beer" glass, found on
the floor of the saloon, corroborates Do
lan's dyini: statement that he was draw
ing the beverage for his patron when he
was shot.
There appeared, ho tar as the police
could ascertain at the time, to be no mo
tive for the shooting.
The builets entered on the right side,
I about tbe prom and a little higher up, one
puncturing the right lung.
Dolan has been a member of Court Inde
, penrience of f c Foresters o: America for
j many years and many of his fraternal
confreres called upon him yesterday after
noon. They wtre not permitted to see
him, his condition being such that tospeak
simply meant death.
Kenny surrendered himself at the Cali
fornia-street station to Lieutenant Esola,
shortly after 5 o'clock, acknowledging
that he had Hhot Dolan. When searched
two Smith & Wesson revolvers were found
in his Dockets, and one had three cham
bers empty.
He was sent to the Receiving Hospital,
where Dolan identified him as the man
who shot him, and was then taken to the
City Prison, where he was booked on the
charge of assault to murder.
Last night Kenny made the following
statement to Captain Lees:
The reason why I shot Dolan was on account
ol v poisoning attair In 1891. Mehan and the
two Dolan brothers tried 10 poison me. They I
had some stuff they put in my beer. This was |
some ttme in June, July and August of 1891.
1 was cooking at 10 Sacramento street, and
lat Metmn was the waiter. Dolan made the
stuff for Mehan, and he was to rut it in the
beer. I got so stupid from the stuff thnt 1 left
town. I went away in tie lull of 1891, and
went to Denver, where I cooked. From D n
ver I went to Washington. 1 was in Denver
four months. Then I went to Butte City,
Mont., cooking in a niiuere' boarding-house
for three months. Than I went to Spokane
tor a couple of weeks. Then I worked on a
tunnel on the Noitheru Pacific Rail
road, in the mountains. I worked there two
years in the drift. I have been in this City
lor the past two years last November. I have
been working on and off In the various restau
rants; worked at 50 T.iir.i street for two or
three months past. I have worked at 419
Kearny street and 410 Kearny street, cooking.
This morning I smarted out to get juuslaeuuu
lor the poisoning in 1891. ! want to give you
'.h-i straight Btory. I have not seen him for
quite a while, for almost live months. I never
spoue to him about the poisoning. Ho wanted
to beg my pardon some time ago for poisoning
me, but I would not accept it. I went to the
saloon to settle up a grudge I had against
Dolan. When I went in Dolan bowed to me
and I bowed to him. He asked roe what 1
wanted and I said I wanted a glass of bier and I
he went to draw a gluss when 1 opened fire at j
him. I lired three shots at him. I bought |
two pistols— one yestenia? morning and one
tr.is morning — paving $3 for each. 1 intended
one to do the same thing io Mellon With if I 1
sitw him. I spent nearly all my money for the
pistols. I bought them and trie ammunition
at an auction place on Kearny street, between
Sacramento and California.
My right name is Kugene Kenny; they
call in*. Barney in order to reflect upon me. ,
Barney is a sort ot a nickname. 1 whs born in I
Ireland, in the county of Gal way. I have I
been in America since 1888. I cume direct to I
New York and then to ban Francisco, i was ,
in New York nearly two yeais. then came out
here. lam not married and have no f*m:iy.
1 have a cold and the grip, and have been
twice to Dr. Bazet at the I'helan building, i
The doctor gave me some medicine. I sleep
very well— ten or twelve hours a night If 1
want to.
Alter the shooting I went up Market street
to Eighth, down Eighth to Mission, to my
homo at 13 Anthony street. Mrs. Welch keeps
the house. I have been there since last June, j
I remained there for about twenty minutes, I
then went back to Market, down Kearny to j
California, where 1 met one of Morse's men, j
and to.d him 1 shot Do tin, and he told me to I
give myself up at the California-street station,
'lhen I had something to eat on Sacramento j
street, beiow Kearny, and remained there I
about twenty minutes. Then I came up to
Kearny and California streets and read the
papers, and then went down to the California- j
street station find gave niyse f up to the ser
geant in charge. I told him 1 wanted to give i
myself up; that I was the man who shot Dolan. |
I feel as though 1 wrs justified in what I did.
The fact that 1 was beini.' poisoned is known
to many of your south-of-Market-street police
officer*. The poisoning Is what made me
uave here. My Christian name is Owen, but
1 have alwnys called myself Eugene in this
country. I belong to no church, although my
parents are Catholics. I still feel the same r -
sentment against Mehan. I know the Dolan j
boys pretty well to my sorrow. I did not
know tnem in Ireland. I'at Mehan introduced !
me to them. I met Mehan at 1O Third street
where I was cooking and he waited on the
table. We, Mehan and 1, were always good
riends and I spent my money with him. He
;s not a married mnn. We never quarreled
and were tho best ot friends.
There is something at the bottom of this,
but 1 do not want to make the statement new. ■
I don't want to implicate certain people yet, j
the story will come out later. I am 35 years!
of Age. There was a woman in it but she was j
n good woman. Dolan knew me when 1 saw |
him in the Receiving Hospital; he identified
me as tho man who shot him and I don't deny I
it. The Dolans and Mehan were poison- j
Ing me. The poison got to my brain and in
my system and affected my head. My brother
wrote me about the poisoning matter from
EUGENE KENNEY\
New York. My cousin, Pat Smith, left the
<ity nnd told my brother in Now York about
it and wrot--' to me. L>olan b?pgtvl mv pardon
in 1891 and he wanted me to May in town.
They lold me they had been poUoning me;
they acknowledged that the' were ooing it..
Dolnn wanted to give me fUOO, but I would
not. accept it. Ido not want to say now what
their object was in poisoning me, that will
come out later.
Kenny does not appear to be all right
mentally at times, particularly when
tali;inc about the attempts to po son him.
He was employed up to Monday morning
in Healey's res'aurant, 60 Third street, as
second cook. He was discharged that
niorning because he was inclined to be
rude to patrons. Beyond that he seemed
to be all right mentally. He does not ap
pear to bo in the least concerned over his
c:ime.
Arrented for Kobbery.
John Gorman, a man well known to the
poice, was arrested yesterday morn ins and
detained at the Southern statiou on a charge
of robber--. Mary Debus, the complaining
witness, alleges that while she was In a saloon
at Third and Howard streets the prisoner
relieved her of a gold watch.
-'li<- Shoplifting Case.
Mrs. Robert Stewart of Chico, who was ar
rested Monday afternoon in the Emporium
for shoplifting, appeared before JudgeJoach
imsen yesterday. she *vas not ready to proceed
with theCHse, and by consent a continuance
was granted till February 2-4. ■
• • *
Jewelry store. 5 and 7 Third street, removed to
303 Kearny street.
AN X RAY ON
ROAD LAWS
Supervisor Ayer Makes
Some Drastic Crit
icisms.
Santa C : ara County, He Declares,
Wishes No State Inter
meddling.
Throwing Two-Thirds of the Taxation
on Incorporated Cities Termed
Unjust.
About a week ago the Assembly Com
mittee on Roads and Highways held a
meeting to consider the bills providing
for a State and county system of public
roads and highways, to be built at the ex
pense of the State at large and according
to the most scientific methods of modern
road building. Several provisions in the
j original bills were objected to for various
| reasons and it was proposed to reduce the
I number of Commissioners from three to
one. A fi^ht was also made to allow Su-
I pervisora to have some voice in the build
ing of roads within their own counties
and in extending money for the same.
It was also pointed out as a fatal objec
j tion against the original bills that it
, would require twenty years to build all
! the road> projected in the State; that con-
I sequently some counties wouid be obliged
to pay the tax of 2}£ cents on eacu $100
for ten or fifteen years before the work of
road-building would be begun at al!, and
\ that two-thirds the burden of taxation
would fall on the incorporated cities ana
town?, which would not receive by any
means the commensurate advantage.
S. 1". Ayer, one of Santa Clara County's
best-known and most popular Super
j visor.-, is now in this City intending to
busine s affairs. Mr. Ayer has been a
! Supervisor of Santa Clara County since
j 1876, with the exception of two years.
During that time he has made the im
| provement of public highways a special
i study, arid as one who is firmly opposed
! to taking the improvement and mainte
i nance of public highways out of county
I jurisdiction his opinions are of especial
j interest. In discussing the matter yester
| day he said:
"It is contemplated by the State Bureau
of Highways that about 4000 miles of road
in the Slate-, of California, running from
Si-kiyou to San Diego, shall be declared
State roads, and the money for the main
tenance and improvement of those roads
is to be raised by a general State tax.
i Heretofore incorporated towns and cities
j which have a system of their own have
been exempt from county road taxes.
"This bill, however, provides that they
shall pay a regular State tax. For
j instance, San Francisco would pay at least
one-third the expense of building the
I roads, and the annual tax on this City
I would amount to about $140,000, and the
j incorporated cities, taken as a wnole,
i would pay about two-thirds of the tax.
"It is a question whether it wouid be a
| wise policy to take the management of
j the roads out of the jurisdiction of the
: co'inties and vest it in a State Bureau of
! Highways, to be managed by the Governor,
or have them managed and improved by
the different counties, as at present. One
thing is certain — it isawell-known fact that
the incorporated citip?, 'except a few which
have been highly improved, possess roads
not in vpry good condition.
"In IS7(> the roads oor. r Santa Clara County
were Dot in very good condition either,
when Lick mad* the proposition to build
the obseivatory on Mount Hamilton, pro
vided good roads could and would be built
to it. The Supervisors gladly atcepted his
proposition, but first they found they
would have fo go to the Legislature and
have a road law passed enabling them to
ro to the expense of building those roads.
Under the old constitution each county
cor.M have a road law of its own.
"While we were at it we concluded to im
prove pII our roads. Then we formed a
system of watering them. The result 1?
that we have over 3000 miles of well
w-uered and traveled roads, and they are
in as pood condition in winter as in sum
mer. Our main thoroughfare!!, north,
east, south and west, are, as I said, welJ
watered and traveled, and the people of
our county have paid for it. .The result-,
attained warrant tnern in feeling proud
over the expenditure. Winter or sum
mer, it makes no difference, heavy loads
can be hauled at one time as well as at
another. And every county in this State
could have avaiied itself of the same privi
lege.
"Under the new constitution, when the
road law had to be general, the State
adopted a law very similar to the Santa
Clara • road law which that county had
under the old constitution. Of course we
think that we are able and competent to
StEW 10-DAT-DRT GOODS. \_
~~~
NEW SILKS
_ '. FOR
SPRING 1897.
We have now on exhibition our first ship-
ment of NEW SILKS for Spring wear. Our
importation this season includes a full as-
sortment of FOULARDS in all the new col-
orings, Fancy Changeable ARMURES in new
designs, Plain Changeable ARMURES in
new colorings, Changeable TAFFETAS in all
the latest combinations, and a full line of
Plain TAFFETAS in the newest shades.
SPECIAL
50 pieces 24-INCH FOULARDS, in Navys,
Browns, Greens, Gobelin and Black
grounds,
Price (inn
OI.UUa Yard.
TELEPHONE O-K/A.NT IS4,
G&F* mi mf^^^f
111, 113, 115, 117, 119. 121 POST STREET,
manage our own roads. We do not ask
for any bureau of highways, or any com
missioner, or anything of that kind, and
if they will only not interfere with us or
mutilate our system we can maintain our
system of good roads in the future as we
have in the past.
"The levy of 2Jj cents over 4000 miles of
roads is an absurd proposition. AVhy, it
would take forty years to perfect such a
system. I believe in a system that the
present generation can get some good out
of, and I do not see how it is that the
Governor of this State can appoint three
men to run a road system better than the
counties can by electing their own men.
If appointed they would be only human
beiDgs — not necessarily have wings. I
think it could be made one of the greatest
political machines in the State of Cali
lornia, because they could have their own
men In every precinct, with over $300,000
behind them to spend.
"Moreover, the Legislature can put the
same restrictions on the Boards of Super
visors that it can put on the Bureau of
Highways, and can compel the different !
boards to maintain i pod highways in
their respective ccuntie.?. The sum of
$300,000 scattered over 40G0 miles of road i
would not amount to anything at all. As I
I understand the bill no county can have j
to exceed the sum of $15,000 in any one '
year. That would not so much as sprinkle
our 100 miles of road, which they propose
to make State road.
"If the incorporated cities feel like pay
ing a road tax they had better spend it on
themselves. They need it about as bad as
anywhere. Three men in the State Bureau
of Highways have in two years spent
about $30,000. If they had employes in
the same proportion to the 4000 miles of
road it does not seem to me as if the ap
propriation would nay their.salaries alone.
"I want it to be understood that I am in
full accord with the wheelmen. Ido not
want to discourage good roads in any way
or shape, and when wheelmen want
to have races you will notice that in most
cases they come down to Santa Clara
County to make their records. I am op
posed, however, to any system that tukes
the care of the roads away from the coun
ties'. To my belief the counties are able to
and should maintain their own system of
reads.
"There is another matter closely con
nected with the question of good roads
that should come in for the careful
thought of all those who taKe an interest
in the welfare of the State. Two years
ago a bill came before the Legislature to
build a rock crusher at Folsom. The
counties of Sacramento, San Joaquin and
Yuba were very much in ravor of it. I
was liberal enough t» help the matter
along by using what influence I possessed
to have the crusher put in. It was done
at un expense of $ jO.OOO.
"Lt has now been in operation about
two years, and I understand that none of
the counties named have availed them
selves ot the pr.vilege of using the crusher
on their roads. This crusher may be a
good thing for the counties near FoJsom,
but it is of no earthly use to those far
away. The fieifjhtace of taking it around
to the different counties is too great.
When the other counties wish to have any
ock-crushing done they have to start
crushers of their own.
"In conclusion, let me state that if the
incorporated cities of this Staie want to
contribuie $200,000 to the improvement of
the various roads of the State they had
better do it tdrough their respective
boards of Supervisors and not through
any commissioner, and if San Francisco
feels like contributing $140,000 a year
toward road buiUing she ou^ht to have
>ome say as to how- thine* are done."
WANTED TO B; AoTOBS.
A Queer Suit for Damages Against Man
ager Be.asco.
Manager Belasco of the Alcazar was sued
in the Justice's Court yesterday by Arthur
Sears and his sister, Mrs. Nellie E. Cov
ington. The lady wauls $299 99 and Mr.
Bears wants $240.
The complaint alleges that the plaintiffs
are suffering from great mental pain and
anguish because they are not actors, ac
knowledged as such by the world.
The complaint sets forth that Belasco
conducts a school of acting; that he agreed
to make his pupils first-class actors within
six months, so that even old managers
could not tell that they were aruateiirs.
Sears alleces that when the second install
ment of $f.O fell due he was iar from being
an actor of such caliber that professionals
would not know him from an amateur,
for which reason he greatly suffered and
was chagrined in the presence of his
friends. He concludes by alleging that
BeJasco's instructions have done him no
good.
Speaking of the matter last night Mr,
Belascosaid: "I know these people very
well, and they have some talent, but the
young man never knew his lines, and did
not pay his tuition in full. He is a house
painter and a member of the guards. He
used to say the soldiers were in his way so
ranch that he could not study; that they
held their socials at his home. The suit
is laughable and the claim ridiculous.
Everybody knows that actors cannot be
made in a few months, and that no
teacher can guarantee such things as
these complainants claim. Their suit 3
are huge jokes."
•—♦—•
Failure of a ltoarding-llouse Keeper*
L. M. Ring, who has been conducting a
boarding and lodging house at 801 Leaven,
worth street, has filed a petition in insol
vency. He owes $2760 37 and his assets
amount to $173. His waiters, chambermaids
and pantry girls are on the list of creditors
for considerable sums.
•—«>—•
City Hall l)om« Marble.
The City Hall Commissioners have arranged
to offer to marble-workers who have taken ex
ception to the manner in which marDle has
been polished on the City Hall dome a chance
to polish a large space, the contractors to pay
them for the work.
HEW TO-DAT.
Doctors are often handicapped by tha
mere fact that when treating the diseases of
women, they suggest and insist on "exam-
inations" and '" local treatment." A great
many of them do not know that this is abso-
lutely unnecessary. Many a woman has
been thrown into a dangerous state of ner-
vous excitement by the mere suggestion of
such treatment. Many women lie to the
doctor. That sounds hard, but it is un-
doubtedly true. The}' know that if they
admit certain symptoms that the doctor
will inevitably insist on an '■examination.'
They do not "give him all the facts in the
case, and so he works in the dark. Quite
often the doctor is too busy and too hurried
to make the necessary effort to obtain the
facts. He frequently treats symptoms for
what they appear to be on the surface, when
the real cause and the real sickness is deeper
and more dangerous. A derangement of
the distinctly feminine organs will derange
the whole body. The woman herself may
not know exactly what is the matter with
her, but whenever she is sick, there are two
things she should look out for first. One is
what is called "female weakness;" the
other is constipation, for these two things
frequently go together. Dr. Pierces Fa-
vorite Prescription is designed for the cure
of diseases and disorders of women, and it
does cure them. It has been performing its
healing mission for 30 years, and tens of
thousands of women have been made happy
by it. Dr. Pierces Pleasant Pellets are for
constipation, and contingent ills. Druggists
sell them, but sometimes in well meaning
ignorance, they will to 1 to sell you some-
thing else. There is nothing "just the
same" or "just as good.' The druggist
who tells you there is, is either mistaken
or dishonest.
If you care to know more about your own body,
send" 21 one-cent stamps to cover cost of mailing
only, and you will receive absolutely free a copy
of "Dr. Pierces 1,008 page book, "Common Sense
Medical Adviser." Address, World 1 * DispensWJ
Medical Association BuffVld NY. _ -^