VOLUME LXXXI.-NO. 128.
POLICY OF
THE POWERS
IS COOLING
Less Severe in the Attitude
Assumed Toward King
George.
COERCION OF GREECE IS
POSTPONED.
Great Britain and France Unite
in Opposing the Plans of
Russia.
CELEBRATION OF THE PEOPLE
OF THE HELLENES.
While Many Who Participated Cry for
War the Outbreak Feared Is
Averted.
LONDON, Eire., April 6— Although
there have been no important changes in
the attitude of Greece or Turkey or the
KING CHRISTIAN of Denmark, Who, It Is Reported at Paris,
Has Been Asked at the Instance of the Czar of Russia to
Arbitrate the Cretan Question.
powers generally, the impression prevails
throuehout Europe that the situation has
distinctly improved during the past
twenty-four hours.
The Greek independence day celebration,
which it was feared would result in hos
tilities on the frontier, has passed almost
uneventfully. The populace at Athens
and other points in Greec?, accordlne to
dispatches received here, indulged in war
like demonstrations, but ;hat has become
a daily commonplace.
It is now generally believed, even in St.
Petersburg, tbat Greece is by no means
determined upon war. This accounts in
; art for the less severe attitude that the
i.owers have at the last moment assumed
toward King George. There is ro longer
any donbt that France is supporting Lord
Salisbury, the British Prime Minister, in
favor of a fhilder policy, and Russia, there
fore, is unable to insist upon severe
measures upon Greece. It is too ear.'y yet
to say whether the powers will now com
pel the immediate withdrawal of the
Turkish troops from Crete in order to con
ciliate Greek public cpinion, but some
such move ~eems more possible now than
at niiy other stage of the crisis.
The situation on the frontier of course
continues critical, but it is ie't that the
greater danger has been avoided by
to-day's escape from an outbreak.
In tne House of Commons to-day Right
Hon. A. J. lialfour, First Lord ol the
Treasury and the Government leader in
the House, said that the majority refused
to devote a day to debate a motion for an
address to the Queen praying that the
forces of the crown *hai! not be employed
a ainst the kingdom of Greece or tbe peo
ple of Crete, in accordance with the notice
given by Sir William Hare.ourt, the leader
of the opposition, yesterday. The ground
on which he based his refusal was the lact
that the proposed motion was altogether
ambiguous.
Mr. Balfour added that if the opposition
would put a direct motion of a want of
confidence in the Government he would
fix a day for ii? discu-s on.
lit Wiiiiam Harcourt made no reply to
Mr. Balfoar's remarks.
ATHENS, Greece. April 6.— 'io-day was
tiie aeveiiiv-sixtli anniversary of the open
ing of tbe war f.«r Grecian independence,
■ iiid it was feared that, with tne war feel
.ng that at present pervades all classes of
society, the day might result in demnn
otrations that wouid prove extremely em
barrassing te the Government. Dis pate lies
received from all parts of the kingdom
show that tlte day was celebrated with iar
more entuusiasru than usual, but the peo
j.le were entirely orderly.
The San Francisco Call
One important fact that tended to a
quiet celebration was that a very large
proportion of the male population is ooder
anus on the frontier of Thessaly. Mucb
i relief is felt in Government circles that
i the day pa-seci without any attempt being
made to force the hand of the King and
j hia advisers. There is, however, an muler
j current of fi-eling against the Government
j for its alleged diiatoriness in dealing effec-
I lively with the situation, and. though it
, was not materially felt to-day, there is
! no teiling whon it may breaK forth and
] carry all before it.
In Athens itself the celebration was car
: ri^d on with the greatest enthusiasm.
All business was suspended. The pro
gramme of the day's festivities included a
Te Deum at the cathedral in the morning.
j This religious service was attended by
; King George and Queen Ol^a, the Minis
ters of State and foreign diplomat*. The
; service was marl:rd with more than usual
I solemnity, all present feeling that divine
! aid was indeed needed to carry Greece
I through the troublous days now confront
i iiig her.
The route from the palace to the cathe
dral was lined by the enthusiastic popu
lace, who were eager to salute the King
| and Quren and to jrive expression to their
| sympathy with their maje-ties. As the
i Kine and Queen drove along in an open
carriage they were constantly cheered by
, the crowds.
Some of the more ardent advocates of
war had caused to be printed a large num
ber of papers bearing the inscription,
"Hurrah for war!'' and these were scat
tered broadcast throughout the city with
the evident intention of further inflaming
the popular passion, and many of them
were thrown by spectators into the King's
carriage.
After the cathedral service the day was
civen over to general hoiiday-makini:.
The peopie all gave free expression to
tneir feelinz of patriotism, but the day
was marked by an utter alsence of ils
order.
A feature of the decorations in honor of
the dny was the entire absence of all for
eign flags except those which wero flying
from the various legations. The Greek
colors, however.were most plentifully used,
scarcely a home in the city not displaying
the national colors.
When the royal procession was en
route to the cathedral the ci:eers of the
wildly enthusiastic crowds friehtened the
hordes attached «.o the carriage of the
Crown Princess Sophia, who had returned
from Laris-sa, whither she proceeded with
the Crown P ince when he went to as
sume command of the Greet troops in
Thessaly. The horses bolted ana the car
riage was overturned. The incioent crea
ted the most intense excitement and it
was feared that Princess Sophia would be
killed. A hundred persons rubbed forward
and righted the carriage, when much to
the relief of everybody it was found that
the Crown Princess had escaped unhurt.
She entered tL>e carriage of King George
and continued on her way to the cathe
dral. Prince«s Sophia is a sister of Empe
ror Wiliiam, and it has been asserted and
denied that her changing from the evan
gelical faith of her family to the Greek
faith of her husband had niucn to do with
the hostile attitude of Etnporor \Viliam
toward Greece.
A great meeting was held here this
afternoon, at which a resolution was
adopted protesting against the action of
the powers in their efforts to cru-h the
rightful aspirations of the Hellenes and
indorsing tho Government on the linn
stand it had taken and maintained in the
defense of Greek riglits. The meeting ap
pointed a deoutation to convey the ref
lation to the King.
Beverai thousand persons accompanied
the deputation to the palace, shouting
'•Zsto Ho Po;ecnos." The crowd invaded
the vestibule of the palace, and the troops
on duty there had great difficulty in pre
venting them from entering further.
Large crowds continued in the square
I In front of the palace throughout the day.
They r.-peatodly called for the King, but
hi« Majesty did not app«ar.
Passing nlam was caused this afternoon
by the discharge of pistols among the
crow.!-. It was at hrst thought that an
outbreak was abmt to occur. The troop*
were immediately re-enforced and further
and more stringent precautions were
taken to prevent disorders. i t was sub .
sequen;ly learned that the alarm was,
catisea by enthmiaitic spirits who were
discharging a feu de joie. Nothing more
serious occurred during tbe day than a
few scuffles, which were easily stopped by
the police.
CANEA, Crete, April 6.— Admiral
Canevaro, who by reason of »eniority was
selected as commander of the combined
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY MORNING, APRIL 7, 1897.
Theodore Rooseve't, Who Is to B* Assistant Secretary of the Navy.
Theodore Roosevelt, who has jus: been nominated Assistant Secretary of the Navy, is now President of the Board of Police
Comm issioners of New York City. Although Mr. Roosevelt is but 39 years of age he has been active in politics ever since hiu
graduation from Harvard in ISBO. In the fall of the following year he was elected to the Assembly, and when he took his seat he
at ouce became the leader on the Republican side.
In ISS6 he was the unsuccessful Republican candidate for Mayor of New York and soon afterward was appointed a member
of the United States Civil Service Commission. In his political career Mr. Roosevelt has always been in favor of progress and re
form. He is a man who has the courage of nis convictions and is reody to speak his mind freely when the occasion demands it.
It has been said of him that he knows bumen nature, which, after all, is a very simple process, and teat he knows civil service,
which is a Chinese puzzle that none but the initiated can fathom. He is something of an author, having written a life of Thomas
H. Benton and several volumes of life in the far West. He has always had a taste for naval matters and some ten years ago
wrote a 'History 6f the Naval War of 1812."
fleets of the powers, applied a few days
ago to the Italian navy authorities to be
rel.eved of his com man i. The reply to
his request was received to-day. It »ays
that another commander will be appointed
in his stead if a blockade of Greece shall
be declared.
NEW YORK, N. V.. April 6 —Every
patriotic Greek in New York to-day
celebrated a twofold festival. Besides
being the feast of the immaculate concep
tion the day is the anniversary of the
Greek declaration of independence at the
beginning of the rebellion again-t the rule
of the Turks in IB2L Services were held
in the Greek church on West Fifty-third
street in honor of the occasion.
Holy comraunio'i wa* then adminis
tered to each of the congregation. Tnen
followed addresses.
The American flag hung beside the
Greek banner both in and outride the
church.
niSAnmjyG i-.-m bazovks.
Admiralt Having a Hard Time to Cot-
trol Affair* at Cret*
LONDON, Exg , April «.— The Daily
News will to-morrow publish a dispatch
from Canea stating th:t the inquiry into
i he arming of the Moslem refugees, whicu
led to the encounter with the insurgents
on the peninsua of Akrotiri Saturday,
has elicited the ftict that 518 rities were
served out 10 the Basbi B a zonks. -. Of this
number 450 have been recovered.. The dis
arm ins; of the Bash: Bazouks continues.
One hundred and *£fe:itvv>iix;rifl*s that
were brought from I KacUamos are miss
ing.
The insurgents at Akrotiri nave sent to
the admirals a protest against their being
fired upon by the Bashi Bazouks on Sat
urday. The compare the treatment ac
corded to the Moslems to that accorded
themselves by the admirals.
The admirals replying to the protest
have stated that th«y did not fire upon
the Mussulmans because of the presence
among them of European officers.
The admirals meditate issuing n. new
proclamation announcing that the block
ade of the island will continue only so
Ion.: as tne Greek troops under the com
mand of General Vassos remain In Crete.
The Briti»h Consul here has consented
to traverse the island for the purpose of
diffusing this proclamation. He desires
another Consul to accompany him.
The Daily Tel-praph has advices from
A'ikianu, where is situated the headquar
ters of Colonei Vassos, statins that tne
Greek commander ha<i received written
and signed replies to the autonomy proc
lamation of the admirals from every prov
ince anil district of thn island. The sig
natures of the heads of families number
neatly 40,000 and represent the entire
TYPES OF THE GREEK ARMY.
Christian population. Not a single signer
approves of the scheme of t^e powers to
grant autonomy to the island.
The Standard has a 'iispatcb from Con
stantinople stating that the Council of
Minister* has refused to consider tiie
withdrawal of the Turkish troops from
Crete until the Greek iorce now on the
i«land 3hall have departed thence.
ATHENS, Greece, April b— The Gov
ernment here tas learned that tie diplo
mats in Constantinople have adopted
Eastern Roumania as the model for Crate.
The Governor of the island pill be ■ Euro
pean, who will be selected from the sec
ondary powers. The Turkish troops now
in the island will be temporarily retained,
although if Greece will un ertake to re
call Colonel Vassos the powers will take
immediate measures to withdraw the
Turkish troops.
THEODORE Jioo/t E kLT >A M ED.
: The Hri;-Knr-ir,, *ew lorlsrr to Be At
tiatant ttrcretnnj i>f the A«»t<t/.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 6— The
President to-uay sent to the Senate the
following nominations: Theodore Roose
j velt of New York to be Assistant Secre-
I tary of the Navy, Captain Crownin^hield
J of the United States navy to be Chief of
j the Bureau of Navigation.
The Domination of Theodore Roosevelt
to be Assistant Secretary of the Navy
meets with the hearty approval of Senator
Plait, and there will be no opposition to
his confirmation. The Senator sai>i this
morning that he knew that the nomina
tion had been agreed upon, and further
volunteered the information that he had
been consulted about it.
SIR JOHN WILLOUGHBY'S LETTERS
In Them He Said He Believed the Jame-
son Raid IVos Sanctioned by the
Imperial Authorities.
LONDON, Eng.. April 6.— At to-day's
sitting of the Parliamentary South Afri
can Committee an t fficial from the War
Office produced a number of letters writ
ten by Major Sir John Willoughby, the
contents of which the witness refused to
di-cloae on the demand of Mr. Labou
ch<>re at the sitting of lasi Friday.
Tiie rirst letter read wasda'ed from Hol
loway jail, where Willoughby was serving
a term of icti months' imprisonment,
which recently expired. In the commu
nication the writer "-aid he had taken part
in the Jameson movement in pursuance
of orders from the administrator of Mata
beleland in the honest belief that the
raid was undertaken with the Knowledge
and assent of the imperial authorities.
Major Wilioughby was called to the
stand and Sir William Harconrt asked
him a number of quest ons designed to
draw out a statement lor his reasons for
believing that the raid had the sanction
of imperial authority, to which he an
swered that his belief was ba?ed upon
private conversations which he had had
with Dr. Jameson. The witness was
pressed for a more detailed answer, but
after fencing witn his questioner for a
while he finally refused to give any fur
ther answer.
The chairman warned Major Wil
loughby that the testimony he was giving
was in direct conflict with tnat given by
Dr. Jameson and asked him to explain to
the committee the reason why the testi
mony of the two should be so much at
variance. VVil!ou°:hby repeatedly de
clined to make any explanation, and the
CARTER HENRY HARRISON, Democratic Mayor of Chicago.
Carter Henry Harrison, who has just been elected M.iyor of Chicago, is, taking him
broadly, very like his lato father. The eldest son of Chicago's once favorite citizen, Mr. Har
rison resembles the late Mayor in his beif-assertiveness, courage and strong individuality.
He has great stability, strength of character and utter independence. He is a Harrison clear
through. He is approaching middle age.
Mr. Harrison's experieuce as a politician has not been narrow. Ho has never been a candidate
for office, although he has nelpcd candidates to office, he has been busy in the life of politics as
a party organizer, ft club man and a delegate to conventions. His lrieads, who rallied round
his name and personalltv with great enthusiasm, once before: proposed him ior Mayor, hue
he declined. He wns again proposed as candidate for State Treasurer, but declined that
honor also. Ever since his Kraduation from college he has been to some aeeree engaged in
the real estate business. He !eft that walk when his fattier purchased the Times, and was the
editor of that paper a while. Then he took charge of the business department, of which he
was chief when the pnper went out of existence as a distinct journai. After that Mr. Harrison
took a trip abroad, nnd since his return has been engaged in real estate matters. In nis last
taken portrait, which is herewith presented, Mr. Harrison wears a beard. The beard has
been recently removed, but In nowise to the prejudice of the strong lines of Mr. Harrison's
countenance.
chairman bpgan a new line of questioning
by asking which imperial authority the
witness believed to have sanctioned the
raid, but he refused to answer.
The chairman informed Willouchby
tbat both he and Dr. Jameson would be
recalled for the purpose of reconciling
their statements, and the committee then
adjourned until Friday.
SPECIAL ENVOY TO TURKEY.
President McKinley Contemplates Sending
John W. Foster on an Import-
ant Mission.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 7.— A Wash
ington dispatch says: President McKin
ley contemplates sending former Secre
tary of State John W. Foster to Constan
tinople as a special envoy with the rank
of Embassador, to secure from the Sultan
ihe payment of American claims and the
speedy trial of American prisoner? 1 .
The President will probably send to
Congress a message recommending that
authority De given him for this purpose.
Under the proposed arrangements Mr.
Foster may be sent to Turkey when the
resignation of Minister Terriil is accepted,
to serve until his work has been performed,
and then give place to the Minister who
will be appointed as Mr. Terrill's suc
cessor.
Members of the Senate Committee on
Foreign Relations and the Republican
leaders in thf House who h'iv<s been con
sulted say that the plan would not be op
posed in Congress.
Jlf »«« 7 trry Ho« Libeled.
LONDON. Ekq., April 6.— The action for
damages for hoel brought by Miss Marion
Terry, nctress, against the St. James Bud
get was tried in the Queen's Bench High
Court of Justice to-day. The libel con
sisted of tiie nublication ihat Miss Terry
was about to marry her brother-in-law,
Morris. The jury awarded Miss Terry
£600 damages.
Jlritnnnin Hi>i « rt« '.«</>,'.
NICP:. France, April 6 — The Ailsa and
Britannia sai ed the last race of the sea
son to-day ovei the course from Nice to
Monaco and back for a prize Sevres vase.
Tlie race whs won by the Britannia by
three minutes. The weather was rainy
and the wind light from the northwest.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
HARRISON
CARRIES
CHICAGO
Aided by the Magic of His
Famous Father's Name
He Becomes Mayor.
REPUBLICANS BEATEN
BY FACTIONS.
McKinley's Plurality Turned
Into a Sweeping Democratic
Victory.
DIFFERENT IS THE RESULT IH
ST. LOUIS.
At the Missouri Metropolis the Entire
Republican Ticket Carries
the Day.
CHICAGO, 111., April 6.— With the
magic of his famous father's name, aided
by the independent split in the regular
Republican ranks and the Hocking of the
discontented laboring class to the stand
ard of silver Democracy, Carter Henry
Harrison was elected Mayor of Chicago to
day, and a great Democratic triumph was
recorded. The 50.000 plurality of McKin
iey over Brvan was turned into a Demo
cratic plurality of about 85,000 over Judge
Nathaniel U. Sears, the machine Repub
lican candidate for Mayor. The almost
complete mayoralty returns show that
Hnrrison polled a plurality of about 75.000
over the next best man. Alderman John
M. Harlan, a Republican, who ran on the
citizens' ticket by himself.
The figures also indicate that the next
Mayor polled a small majority over all
the three other principal candidates—
Sears, Harlan and Washington Hesfing,
the ex-Postmaster and German editor,
whose ticket was railed "Business Ad
Every thought, ■»*. ■ «»
the blood; every nerve, muscle,, bone,
organ and tissue depends on the blood
for its quality and condition. Therefore
Snrlno 1 pure blood is abso-
* P rtn S | ute i y necessary to
Medicine i^iVhytV.S
Hood's Sarsaparilla is the great blood
purifier and the best Spring Medicine.
Therefore it is the great cure for scrofula,
salt rheum, humors, sores, rheumatism,
catarrh, etc.; the great nervine, strength
builder, appetizer,, stomach tonic and
regulator.
Sarsaparilla -^S«
.. : • six for $5.
Prepared only by C. I. Hood & Co., Lowell,
Ma«. Get Hood's and only Hood's.
Hood. Pin. taken alter dinner aid dlgesiiMk2
ministration of Municipal Affairs." He
is a gold Democrat, but his boasted
strength among the independent men of
boih parties dwindled to about 16 000
total vote. Harmon's total vote is about
140,000, !o«s than 5000 under the vote
polled by William J. Bryan. The Repub
lican total vote is about 57,000, while Me-
Kiniey polled votes in November.
The rest of the city ticket— Attorney,
Treasurer and Cierk— all the town tickets
and a large majority ol the Common
Council have pone Democratic on the
tidal wave, with the possible exception
of the Hyde Park town ticket. Harrison
cr Harlan carried every ward in the city,
and the Republican machine was repudi
ated everywhere.
There is redly nothing left for the Re
publican party to console itself with ex
cept a few Aldermen whose records were
good and who happened to live in wards
tliatare usually Republican. The argu
ment of the Republicans that if llessing
and Harlan, the two independent-, bad
withdrawn, Judge Sears would have won,
does not hold good when it is shown that
Harrison has a clear majority over all
three. The other city tickets in the field
cut no figure at all.
There was a joyful demonstration of
Democrats on the street when the victory
became assured, and thousands gathered
in front of the newspaper offices to cheer
as the news was displayed. There were
impromptu parades, fireworks and much
cannonading of lhe atmosphere.
Carter Harrison said of the result:
"Itbasbeeii a victory of a united and
not a divided Democracy. Gold as well as
silver men cast their ballots for me, and
registered a protest against Republican
misruie. The wcrkingmen were with
me."
Tne late returns indicate that the Demo
crats will have thirty-nine Aldermen out
of eighty-six in the Council. Twenty
eight of the Democratic candidates are
probably elecied out of thirty-four, and,
with the eleven Democratic hold-over
Aldermen, will give that party a majority
in the legislative body.
&MJSAX ZtfXJCJSXSI fjk WAS>HJ.\GTOX.
Jtryan Sends a Congratulatory lelearatn
to Marri'on.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 6— Great
interest was mamfes.ed here to-niglit in
the Chicago election and crowds gathered
about ihe newspaper tffices to receive the
new?. Democrats all were very much
elateJ. Mr. Bryan was one of the most
interested in the returns and spent tin
hour in the United Associated Presses'
office reading the Chicago returns. Ex
pressive of his views his telegram to Mr.
Harrison puts them succinctly. It reads:
"Carter Harrison, Chicago: Accept con
gratulations upon your magnificent vic
tory. The elections in Chicago, Cincin
nati, Detroit and otlier cities indicate a
decided change in public sentiment since
November. W. J. Bryan."
Mr. Bryan will probably leave the city
for the south to-morrow. To-night he re
ceived a telegram inviting him to speak
before the Florida Legislature next Fri
day. At midnight he said he could not
say positively if he could accept, but
would to-morrow.
iA OlUKit SIATES.
Headed by Xiracnheini, the St. Louis
Jirpublicaoa Art Victorious.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., April 6— After a cam
paign of three weeks, during whicn every
trick known to municipal politics was
worked, ihe city election took place here
to-day with little excitement. The entire
Republican ticket, headed by Zieginheim,
for Mayor, was elected by majorities
ranging frcm 3000 to 18,000, in a total vote
of about 80,000.
The municipal assembly will be about
eveniy divided. Opposed to Ziegenheini
for Mayor was Harrison (r^juiar Demo
crat) and Meriweather (bolting Demo
crat). The campaign was purely local
and settles nothing as to the strength of
the two parties in St. Lo'ris.
ST. PAUL. iJiNN., April 6— Municipal
elections were held to-day thioughout
Minnesota, and from returns received here
up to a late hour to-night the Republican
party met with general success, especially
on the heads of tickets.
At Mankato, however, A. R. Pfau (D.)
was re-elected Mayor over L. A. Linder
(B.).
At Tracey the reform ticket was elected
and license carried.
New Ulm elected a Citizen and Non-
Partisan ticket, while Fergus Falls went
for the Independent candidates, Hastings,
Crookston and other larger towns having
returned straight Republican tickets.
MILWAUKEE. Wis., April 6.-Judse
John E. Mann (N. P.) was re-elected here
tc-day as County Judge, and George E.
Sutherland (N. P.) as Judge of the Supe
rior Court. Mine candidates were in ttie
held.
The city of Madison went Democratic
by fifty majority in to-day's municipal
election. The result is a victory for the
liberal element which has been fighting
tne present Republican administration for
its enforcement of the midnight and Sun
day closing ordinance.
McCord (R.) was elected Mayor of La
Crosae, and the Democrats were victorious
at Oshkosii.
WEST SUPERIOR, Wis., April 6.-Rev.
Charles Starkweather x-as elected Mayor
on the independent ticket to-day.
HERE IS Jl TWO-YEAto-oisD El E Sit.
Jlutttll Freer Barn* Out Ilia Little
Urther'a Eye* With a Poker.
CHICAGO, 111., April 6.— Russell Freer,
a two-year old boy, burned out the eyes of
bis 12-month-old brother this morning
with a redbot poker and it is doubtful if
The infant will live. The eyeballs of the
baby were destroyed, the cheeks and fore
head badly seared and the iron almost
penetrated the brain. The strange deed
was committed during the absence of the
mother, who heard the infant's screams
of agony as she was returning home, and
running into the room saw the boy sitting
astride his brother's body with the heated
iron in his hand laughing In liendish glee.
Russell heated >. the poker twice in the
stove, holding it to the infant's eyes until
it became cold. Ha does not realize what
be has done. ? '-ii'X'
Jjnndn for Starring I'e< plr.
DENVP:R, Colo., April 6. — E. R. Ross,
chairman; Judge J. S. Emery, National
lecturer of the National irrigation con
cress, and Commander Booth-Tucker of
the Salvation Army, arrived here to-day
nnd held a conference. It is proposed the
details I.xpcl at this conference were to
take the irrigated lands in the prairies
and people them with the starving poor
of the Eastern cities, making them inde
pendent, the Salvation army standing the
expense until quarterly or periodical pav
■ments can be made. Rockefeller, Vandrr
bilt and J. P. Morgan are reported to be
behind the scheme which is practically to
purchase tue p round Ironi the Govern
ment. Commander Booth-Tucker claims
there is no hitch to the proposition, the
great social leaders of the world having
offered him their help.
Ih.fi Anti- Cartoon Bill.
ALBANY, N. V., April 6.— The Benate
to-day passed the anti-cartoon bill, which
prohibits newspapers publishing portraits
of any person without his consent.
INSURGENTS ARE
IN DEFIANT MOOD
They Continue to Refuse
to Listen to Weyler's
Offers.
Cubans Will Not tease Fight
ing Until Independence Is
Granted.
Rivera Will Not Be Shot Unless Per
mission Is Granted by M drid
Authorities.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 6.— The
Sun's Havana cable says: Desertions are
still very numerous in the Spanish army.
At Matanzas a company of forty-seven
men passed over to the insurgents on
account of the scanty and poor food sup
ply and the non-payment of the money
due them. The authorities are careful to
prevent this news from beine printed here
for fear it may influence the rest of the
army to follow the same course. In Santa
Clara province the desertions are still
more numerous.
By orders from Madrid, Weyier is trying
again to induce the insurgents to accept
the alleged reforms, and has employed for
that purpose Senor Mario Garcia, ex-
Mayor of the town of Sancti Spiritus.
Senor Garcia, notwithstanding the ill
success of liis former proposals, indirectly
made to Gomez by the correspondent of
El Liberal, Senor Morot, has again ac
cep:ed the mission and has written the
Cubans in a pleading way and asked their
acceptance of the reforms.
General Weyier suggests to the insur
gents that after the present plau of re
forms had been practically tried in the
island Spain will grant to Cuba more lib
eral home rule. He holds out the pros
pect of a general amnesty, including the
pardon of all Cubans who are in the revo
tionary ranks and all who are under
charges before the Spanish tribunals for
common offenses. He adds that In the
treaty of capitulation the insurgents will
receive all the military honors of a bellig
erent army.
It is positively known that notwith
standing ail the semi-official Spanish news
to the contrary, General Gomez has sternly
rejected all those propouais ana warned
Senor Garcia that if he ever fniis into his
hands he will be banged as a traitor.
The same attitude is assumed by the
Cuban Government at Camaguey. A com
mittee from General Ji.nainez Castellanos
was dismissed by President Cisneros wilh
the answer that though the Cubans do not
like to ill-treat official deputations, they
will be obliged to arrest and try before a
drum-head court-martial ail who may in
future enter the Cuban camp with pro
posals for peace not based on the abso
lute independence of the island.
Tbere is great excitement nmong the
uncompromising Spaniards of Havana be
cause the proceedings of the court-martial
against General Ruiz Rivera hare been
delayed by orders from Madrid. Yester
day in Murallo street, which is the
borough that is crowded with Spanish
volunteers, the Government was openly
accused of cowardice. The Spanish au
thorities answer that the delay in the exe
cution of Rivera is not fear of retaliation
by the Cubans, but is a diplomatic meas
ure intended to produce a good impres
sion among the foreign powers. The
press censors have suppressed nil news
about resolutions protesting against the
shooting of Rivera presented in the United
States Senate and In all manifestations of
symyoathy for Rivera in that country.
General Weyier very reluctantly gave
the order to the court-martial to delay the
sentence, out he has not ordered the pro
ceedings to stop. Rivera, therefore, may
be shot whenever Weyier can secure per
mission Irom Madrid.
GEMERAL KIVKHA'S COM>ITIOS,
Wound* Aggravated Owing to the Ig
norance of Spanlth Doctor*.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 7.-A Snn
special from Havana says: It is difficult
to get from Spanish sources any news
from San Cristobal concerning General
Ruiz Rivera. The press censor permit!'
only a few unimportant details to be
known. It is stated here that General
Rivera is worse from his wounds and that
he is suffering from fever, probably the
result of unskillful treatment by his physi
cian.
Ttie room in which he is confined has
no sanitary conveniences. Nothing that
might be called antiseptic treatment is
applied to him or to his cbief of staff,
Colonel Bacallao. His case is so serious
that the Cubans believe that poison is ap
plied to his wound?, but it is more likely
that he is a victim of the prevailing ignor
ance among the Spanish military doctors.
The Spaniards say that he is well treated,
and they doubtless believe this to b« true,
but the scanty medical resources at San
Cristobal are certainly imperiling his life.
It is learned from reliable tsources that
when Ruiz Rivera was captured he was
marching eastward to confer with General
Gomez in compliance with orders from his
chief. General Gomez approved of
Rivera's refusal to listen to the terms of
peace brought to him by tne Spanish Com
missioner?. Qomez says in a ietter ad
dressed to a friend in Sancii Spiritus:
'I have little doubt that the real pur
pose of General Weyler in making all
these overtures for peace is to prepare a
trap for me, and assassinate me if I had
the weakness to yield to a conference un
der a Hag ot tr«ice. Every day I feel more
indicnant over the doings of Weyler, and
I am resolved, if the Spaniards do not
soon change their criminal methods of
warfare, to issue orders for strong retali
ation by the Cuban army.
"We are meeting their crimes with the
honorable conduct that should character
ize all civilized belligerents, but there is a
limit to my endurancs and I am tired of
seeing Cubans barbarously ;nurderod by
the Spanish columns. My belief that
Weyler intends to assassinate me is based
upon reliable information."
Recent news from General Gomez is to
the effect that the wound he is said to
have received three weeks ago near Ar
royo Blanco wai merely a scratch and
that he is now in perfectly good health.
TtrntVHetl »w tht> Ktner.
NEW YORK, K. V., April 6.— Edward
Stern, a retired importer of hosiery,
jumped or fell from the ferry-boat Bowery
Bay while she was on her way to Astoria
from the foot of Ninety-second street at 5
o'clock last evening. He died a few min
utes alter being taken from the river.
Siern was 50 years of age. and boarded at
the Oriental apar'.tnent-house. He had
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 7, 1897.
no relatives in this country, was unmar
ried and well-to-do He was lormerly in
bu-iness in Lispenard street and retired
only recently. He was stricKen with
paralysis a short time ago.
ROBBER Y OF A POST OFFICE.
Postmaster Carrick end His Daughter
Bound and Gagged by Men, Who
Make a Big Haul.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, April 6.— A special
to the Ecripps-Mcßae League from Tiffin,
Ohio, says: Postmaster Carrick and his
daughter, at Kockaway, the eastern part
of this county, were bound and jjagged
last night and the postottice burglarized.
Carriclc was brutally assaulted.
2> early $"JUOO in money and securities
were etoien. Bloodhounds have been
taken to the scene.
It was well known in the neighborhood
that the Postmaster was a plucky man and
would give up his life rather than surren-
dor anything in the office. For this rea
son it is believed that the robbers were
well acquainted with the office workings
and watched a chance to surprise Carrick.
Before they overcame him, however, he
made a desperate resistance and tor that
reason they beat him after they had bouud
him.
The daughter heard the scuffling, but
before »he c^uid make any outcry she was
also bound and gagged. The authorises
have a general idea who the men are and
with the aid of bloodhounds they hope to
capture them in a few uays.
Abbey, Srhoeff'*l and Grau.
BOSTON, Mass , April 6— Schoeffel of
Abbey, Scbocffei it Grau was seen yester
day regarding the report from New York
that his firm had been refused the lease of
the Metropolitan Opera-house in New
York for the next season. Schoeffel said
that the intelligence was a surprise lo
him, as he thonght when he left New
Ycrk it was settled that they were to have
the opera-house next year as in the past.
Schoeffel said he wits not prepared to dis
cuss the affairs of the firm at this time.
Grau was particularly surprised at the re
port, as he had just come ironi New York,
where he hear . nothing of it.
Hia Jrnnmfrr of J'ropert'j.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 6.— A special
from buffalo. N. V., says: Attorney
George A. Lewa filed yesterday with the
County Clerk of Erie County a bound book
of sixty-three pages containing the deeds
transferring .310 pieces of property owned
in the Catho.ic diocese of Buffalo, com
prising the counties of Er;e, Chautauqua,
Niagara, Geuesee, Orleans, Caiaraugus
and Albany, to Bishop Quigiey. No state
ment is made of the value oi the property.
It is enormous. Simiiar documents were
tiled in the County Clerk's office of the
other counties named.
Hunter >ot let ICler'ed.
FRANKFORT, Ky., ApriiG.— The result
of the billot to-day was: Humer 56,
Blackburn 42, Martin 11, Boyle (J, Stone 1; '
necessary to choice »>3. Hunter nad his 59
votes when the first rollcail ended, and 70
votes, whicn instituted a quorum, had j
been cast. Had there been no call for ab- j
senteosand if the Silver Democrats :,nd !
bolting Republicans had refused to rote j
on recapitulation. Hunter would have ,
been declared elected. The joint session I
adjourned as soon as the result was j
announced.
.-» burglar Shot by a Hrare Girl.
UMONTOWN, p A ., April i\ — A burg
lar who entered the home of Mrs. J. A.
Laughead. a wealthy widow of this place,
at 3 o'clock this morning by crawling
through ma transom of a door, was shot
"everai times by Mrs. Liu^iiead's daughter
Laura. The young woman, while pre
tendine to get money ior him, secured a
revolver ana ordered tb> intruder to
leave. She shot at him twice a* ho went
down the stairs and a third time as he ran
through the yara. Blood stains, seen this
morning show that tier aim was good.
Who Wilt Xticcrrd Ko<><-relt t
NEW YORK, N. V., April 6.— The in
terest of the politicians in this city centers
in Mr. P,oosevelt's successor on the Police
Bosrd. Some people think the Mayor
will appoint an organization Republican.
President Lauterbach of the Republican
County Committee, who returned from
Washington to-day, paid he bad no idea
who would succeed Commissioner Roose
velt and be had heard only one candidate
named. This man, he said, is an organi
zation Republican, but lie does not want
the place.
Station for a argument.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 6.— Ex- Judge
Jonu F. Dillon says that in a few days he
will tile with the United State Sup-reme
Court an application for a reargument in
the Trans-Missouri Freight Association
case, recently decided against the rail
roads.
Hreakin,, Itotcn «</ the I'urilnn.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 6.— The
I report of the Court of Inquiry into the
condition o'- the Puritan's machinery and
boilers which cftusec! that vessel io break
down off Hatteras last month and necessi
tated ncr tow to New York by the
Columbia, has been made public. As
already predicted. Chief Engineer Farmer
is acquitted of any responsibility, and no
| further proceedings are recommended.
The court thought the ship should h.ive
ijeen repaired at Charleston if sufficient
time had been available. There whs
:aulty design in the ship, the shafts not
having sufficient bearing surface, but this
work was executed so many years iuo
that the responsibility could not be fixed.
Rri/nn Call* on Mr H i u/«-v-
WASHINGTON. D. C, April G.—Wil
liam J. Bryan called on President McKin
ley this morning. This is the first time
the two have met since they were in
Congress together. Bryan was accom
panied by McMiliin of 'lenneasee, and was
cordially received by the President. The
visit lasted ten minutes. "We discussed
everything excem politics," said Bryan,
laughingly, to a United Press reporter as
he was leaving the building.
A*tP Maval Order*.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 6.— ln to
day's naval order" Assistant Naval Con
structors H. A. Evans and L. S. Adams,
having completed their »tudies m naval
architecture at tiie Univer-ity of Glasgow,
Scotland, are expected huiue for duty.
Chief Engineer (i. W. Stivers is relieved
from the Board of Inspection and Survey
at Washington and ordered to Vermont.
Chief Engineer J. S. Olden Is ordered to
the Benmngton, relieving Chief Engineer
J. M. Barton, granted three months' louve.
Wmrthipn tlftting Hrtnty.
\VASHINGTON, D. C, Amil 6.— The
flagship N w York left the Brooklyn
Navy-yard for the rendezvous at Humpion
Roads this iuorniiii-. The squadron will
leave the Roads the l'»::i inst. for the
Grant monument ceremonies on the 27th.
The Detroit left Mersine for Naples ou her
way to New York to-ilay.
t onflrtnra by .hn Henale.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 6.— The
Senate to-day confirmed the following
nominations: Benjamin Buiterworth of
Ohio to be Comm:ssioner of Patents; Jay
Allen to be Receiver of Public Moneys,
and O»car Palmer to be Registrar of the
Land Office at Grayling, Mich.
#v>r ihirH Ammittmmt,
WASHINGTON, D. C., April 6-Sena
tor Flatt of New York had a talk with
President McKinley to-day. The Senator
confirmed the roport that Lester Siearns
of Dunkirk. N. V., had been selected for
Third Assistant Posimaster-GeneraL
RESCUE OF THE
FLOOD REFUGEES
Expeditions Sent Out to Get
Negroes Shut Up in
Houses.
Thousands of the Homeless Being
Cared For in Tents on
the Hillsides
Whils the Situ:ticn Is Thought to
Be Improv:d, the Worst Is
Yet to Come.
NEW ORLEANS. La., April 6.— A
special to the Daily btates, dated Helena,
Ark., April 6, cays: The river declined
eight inches last night, making two feet
from the highest mark reached this year,
but still a foot and & half abovo the high
est flood mark of previous years. The
danger is not over, but the situation is
improving. The number of refugees is
increasing every hour, as beleaguered fam
ilies from points remote from the river
are arriving.
Sever..: expeditions were sent out of
here to-day to rescue negroes on back
plantations, who are cooped up in gin
houses and barns. Tne oveiflow on Old
Town Ridiie. which Is provided with a
private levee, is deeper by two feet than
ever Enown before.
Engineers caiculate the crevasses in the
Arkansas levee and from Helena to La
con ia, thirteen in number, are carrying off
a third as much water as is conveyed in
the channel ol the river. Helena is pro
tected by cross-levees. Drainage and
seepage water is baing pumped oat by
powerful hydraulic pumps running day
and nigtit. There is <lv ,t on the streets
here, white a wall of water to an average
height of fifteen feet surrounds Helena.
The city is taking care to-day of 1500
homeless negroes camped In tents on the
hillsides. Ralroad trains all stop out of
the city three miles, mvii«, passengers and
express being transferred by boat, one
road, the Arkansas Midland, being the
only one able to reacn the city.
ST. LOUIS. Mo., April 6.— Special tele
graru.-i lo the Bcripps-Mcßae Press Asso
ciation from points along tne river indi
cate that a very threatening condition of
things prevails. At some points the river
is stationary and at others it is actually
falling, but everywhere there is the feel
ing that tne worst has not yet arrived,
and news from higher points on the river
seem to confirm these forebodings.
At Helena, Ark., and at Greenville,
Miss., where the water has been so high,
it is now going down, but the subsidence
will probably be but temporary. Further
soutn, at Natchez, the river is siowly ris
ing, and lhe greatest anxiety prevails.
The Levee Commission at Natchez has
issued :i warning predicting the worst
overflow in the history of this country,
and entreating every man and boy in that
part of the State to suspend all business
and bemn work strengthening and raising
the levees to meet the expected deluge.
This advice is belli* taken, and work on
an extensive scale 'will probably be put
into O| eration in that part of the State.
Another place where there is the great
e«t anxiety is at fct. Joseph. Mo., where
the weter is already dangerously high and
slill rising.
At Kansas City the river is almost up to
the danger line and is steadily rising. Un
less some change occurs quickly extensive
floods will occur on the lowlands all along
the river.-
The news from New Orleans is of an en
couraging character. At all the weak
points along the river the levees have been
strengthened and preparations have been
made to transfer material quickly to any
part that may be threatened with a break.
Ah to the city levees there is no anxiety,
for the water that may come down can be
easily handled, and a break in them ia not
considered possible.
VERMILLION, 8. D.. April o\— The
flood emerging from the Jim River has at
las! come in sight of this city. From an
eminence can be seen a vast sheet of
water just above the Lee and Prentiss
farms, twe miles from here, reaching from
bluff to bluff. But one train reached bere
from the East to-day and yesterday and it
was unable to go further west. No trains
from the West have reached this city
since last Thursday.
The tracks of the Chicago, Milwaukee
and tit Paul Railway are washed out as
far eaat as Mecklen, six miles west of
h'-re. and that village is under wa;er. At
Gayville, fiiteen miles above, the people
are taking refuge in the top storiecs of
their houses. Much stock and property
will be destroyed on the bottoms between
the Vermillion and Missouri rivers, as the
bridges which were washed out by the re
cent Hood have not been replaced, cutting
off all avenue of escape.
WASHINGTON. DL C, April 6.— Late
this afternoon President McKinley and
Secretary Algor had a conference about
the proposed message to Congress recom
mending Federal relief for the flood suffer
ers in the Southwest. They examined
and discussed the Bate resolution, which
passed tne Senate yesterday, making
available the "epiienuc fund" for the
purchase of supplies to succor the dis
tressed people, and finally came to a prac
tical agreement that this resolution re
moved the necessity, etc., to tae end. The
President will not leave Washington on
his outinc until the liate resolution or
some other relief measure has been signed.
ZAXAKT>ELL,I IS r ULSIItF.ST.
Choten to Pr»»idt Vver the Italian
f hatnber of 7J«pwfl««.
ROME, Italy, Aroril 6.— After the read
ing yesterday of the speech from the
throne opening the session of tbe new
Parliament the Chamber of Deputies ad
journed until Monday.
This morning when the House remet it
proceeded at once to the election of a
President. Sienor Giuseppe Zanardelli
whs chosen for tne position. Signor
Zanardelli has lone been prominent in
Italian politics. lie has several times
held ministerial posiions, having at dif
frent times been Minister of Public
Works, Minister of the Inieriorand Min
ister of Justice. Tne Ital.an Penal Code
which went into effect soir.e seven years
ago is chiefly due to him. In 1894, on thf
fall of the Giolitti Ministry, he unsuccess
fully attempted to form n Cabinet, but
hud to give way to Si-_ r n<>r Criapi.
G'rmniu/ and thr Tariff.
BERLIN, Germany, April 6.— ln tbe
Reichstag t -day the leaders o\ the Con
servative party gave notic? of their in:en
tion 10 interpellate the Government on
tie question of whether in view of tne
impeiidine increased American tariff and
especially in view of th differential treat
ment of German sugar, the Bundesratb or
Federal Council intends to adhere to the
"most favored naiion" agreement that
wan cone uded between Germany and the
United States in 1891.
Miniitrrti Mini Stay in < flic*
LONDON, Eno., April 6.— A dispatch
from Santiago de Chile says that Presi
dent Errazuriz has declined to accept the
resignations of ihe Ministry which wer«>
tendered in consequence of a disagree
ment between the President and Minister
of the Interior because of the appoint
ment by the latter of a number of officials
not pleasing to the chief executive.
THEY MAY FIGHT AGAIN.
It Is Said That F/ zsmmons Will Yet
Consent to Have Another Battle
Wi h Corbett.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 6 —For the
past few days the local sports have tieard
rumors of another fight between Corbett
ana Fitzsimmons. From a supposedly
authentic source comes a story that Fitz
simmons will shortly reconsider his "re
tirement" and will apree to meet Corbett
in a battle to be foug t in this State
under the existing provisions of the Hor
ton boxing laws.
It is also reported that both pugilists,
with the aid of their backers, will manage
the entire affair, dividing the receipts and
receiving the benefit of all perquisites,
such as the kinetoscope feature.
A certain authority who is very close to
Fitzsiminona said yesterday: "All this
talk about Fi:z-imraons winning the fight
in Carson on a fluke has its effect on the
Cornishman. Bob's ratirement was a
hasty move, and nobody knows it better
than he and Julian.
"Corbett's excuses ana statements that
he is still tl«e better man are slowly but
surely convincing Fnzsimmons that it
will be to hi-< advantage to meet Jim again
aiid beat him ev^n morn decisively than at
Carson. Const quently it is a good" bet that
the Cornishman. alter a cenain length ot
time, will come out of his retirement and
agree to take on Corbett again.
•'From what I hear it would not be a
surprise to me if they meet again in the
ring inaide of the next twelve months,
and it is a fact that their immediate
friends are talking of making a match to
be decided in New York Siate. This would
mean that they could not fight to a finish,
but could meet in a bout limited to twenty
rive rounds. As regards the purse money,
I consiaer that no particular sum will be
hung up, as the principals wouid be the
proprietors of the areaa in which they
meet.
"in other words, trie report reaches me
ihat Corbett, Fitzsimmons and their re
spective backers intend to buill a big
arena somewhere nortti of this city's lim
its, probably in Westchester County. In
this way they would come J n for tne en
tire net receipts, which would be divided
between the men on a private basis of per
centage. They would have no side bet
posted, as that would be against the law,
and Hih referee would have power to stop
the affair when in his estimation it be
came brutal.
"An additional *rake off,' it is said,
would be another set of pictu-es by a ma
chine to be controlled entirely "by the
pugilists. I also Hear that tney feel con
fident of having no interference rom the
authorities, because, they argue, iheir
fight would be nothing more than a glove
contest."
» n t. cut. -4 ik a. &TIK.
An Interesting Hitting 3 fads by the
1.. A. W. H act no Board.
BALTIMORE. Md, April 6.— Chairman
Albert Mott of the racing board, L. A. W.,
to-day made a ruling that will create a
stir among wheelmen. Hereafter road
racine will be under the auspices of the
Century Road Club, end nil classes of
riders ere permitted to enter them. Here
after class lines will be strictly drawn in
such event', and amateurs who enter such
races with professionals will incur the
usual penalties.
The ruling was in connection with a pro
jected road race of the, Clifton Cycle Club
of this city on Easter« Monday. ■ Among
the entries was one man who had ben n
suspended for two years by the L. A. W.,
six professionals and a score of amateurs.
Mr. Mott wrote the promoters that the
suspended man and professionals would
have to be excluded or the ameteurs
would be placed in the professional class.
The race will probably be called off. |
The chairman, declares that this ruling
prevails in all cases and will result in
dividing this class of racing into profes
sional and 'amateur events.
Racing on Tiro Trarka.
NKWPORT, Ky., April «.— Fifteen-sixteenths
of a mile, imp. Ssnte won, "Banquo II second,
Winter third. Time, 1 :sUl£.
Three- fourths of a ml.c, Rockwell won,
Julius Mams second, Plutarch third. Time,
1:175*.
Five-eighths of a mile, Necknrnle won, Vol
zetta second, Skillman third. Time, l:04 1^.
Three-quarters of a mile, Argus won. iuree
Burs second, Kls;itha «hiri. Time, I:ls'^.
One mile, Parson won. Toots second, Lioerati
tt-irrt. Time. I:44>£
LITTLE ROCK, Akk., April 6.— Three-fourths
of v 111 1 i e Doctor (i J. A. Grey second,
Fomliffe third. Time, 1:17.
Five-ciehths of a mile. Kin? Elm won, Bravo
second, Dunmore third. Time, 1:04.
Half mile, Mortecai won, Merry Gien second,
Ve-no third. Time, :51.
Tlir .-(junrttrs of a mile, Simmons won,
Queen tatie second, Moncreith third. Time,
Half mile, Lady Dorothy won, Mike Haverly
second, La Champagne third. Time, :50J-£.
On the Jtactng Jinard.
CHICAGO, 111., April 6.— Word was
received here tc-day that President Potter
of the Lsaeue of American Wheelmen
had appointed Henry S. P.xon of Dixon,
111., to fill the la';t place on the racing
board. His jurisdiction extends over
Illinois, Minnesota, the Dakota^, Ne
braska, lowa and Wisconsin. The ap
pointment gives general saiisfactton here,
although there has been considerable
hostile feeling toward ths L. A. W. ad
ministration because President Potter
had chosen to ignore Chicago because of
the opposition to his election to the
presidency.
McLaughlin tfin* 1 nxily.
CHICAGO, 111., April 6.— McLaughlin
was matched with Gallagher in the tour
nament at Green's billiard hail to-night
and won the game easily. The average
was again small and the playing was slow
and uninteresting. Gallagher, with an
average play of 12 20-23, scored 29ti points
during the came. McLaughlin seemed to
reach^ ihe 400 mark with difficulty, mak
ing several bad plays just before the finish.
This is his third winning game and he has
lost two. ispink is still in the lead. Tne
afternoon panic was suspended to-day be
cause of the municipal election.
Stanford* 7>nni« Tournamrn'.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., April
6. — Tbe semi-annual tennis tournament
will begin on Wednesday on the Encina
courts. The winner, with Pichcr '98, wno
is at pr s«nt ibe university tennis cham
pion, will represent Stanford against the
University of California in the singles.
Tne victorious team in tbe doubles will
play Freeman and Picher, the winners to
meet the University of California team.
Freeman and Picher won the match over
Page and Magee of Berkeley last year.
t<l Smith an I Chovnmki.
PITTSBURG, Pa., April 6.-John Quinn
has received a dispatch sayir.g that "Dan
ver Ed" Smith an i Joe Cboynski had Deen
matched to box twenty-rive rounds r>«fore
the Broadway Athletic Ciub in N°w Yor«
on May 11 for a division of the recit.'.s.
Under eminent scientific control.
APENTA
The Best Natural Aperient IVater.
Relieves the kidneys, unloads the liver, and opens the
bowels.
SHORT SESSION
OF THE SENATE
Morgan Argues the Plea
for Recognition of
the Cubans.
Says That Hale of Maine Gets
His Information From
Spaniards.
The Alabma Statesman Condemns
the Barbarous Fo'icy of the
Spanish Officers.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 6.— Two
of the appropriation bills which failed last
session— the sundry civil and Indian —
were reported to-day and were placed on
the calendar, soon to be acted upon.
(Senator Morgan's resolution recognizing
a state of war in Cuba and extending bel
ligerent rights to both sides in the con
flict was taken up and discussed until 2
o'clock, when it was placed on the calen
dar, with a notification that Morgan would
move to take it up to-morrow and that the
vote on the motion would be regarded as
a teat vote.
In the course of his speech Morgan inti
mated that the Senator from Maine (Hale),
who wa-< challenging some of hi& asser
tions, was in constant communication
with representatives of the Spanish Gov
ernment and got his information from
them.
Hale denied the charge and said be got
his information of affairs in Cuba from
Americans who bad been there — Ameri
cans by name, by descent and by resi
dence.
Morgan confessed, after the experience
of the last four years, cc was utterly hope
less that any administration of the United
States would rench the point of sending
warships to Cuba to demand redress for
our citizens. He cited the case of Dr.
Ruiz, stating that he bad information
that Consul-Ger.erai Lee had reported that
he had been murdered by tbe Spanish
authorities.
"If t';is were true," said Morgan, "in
stead of hunting up a lawyer to go to
Cuba and hunt up evidence sucli as might
be iaid before a grand jury, I wou.d have
sent a warship to demand indemnity and
the punisnment of the officials guilty of
the murder."
Speuking generally of the course of the
war in Cuba Morgan condemned in strong
terms the action of the Spani»n forces in
destroying properly not for military pur
poses but ior resentment, and in executing
prisoners of war. He spolce of the fact
that Spain had recOi-'nizea the Southern
confederacy and accorded it belligtrnnt
rights even before the battle of Manassas
was lought or the Southern States had
made any display of their strength. He
therefore argued that the United States
would be perfectly justified in recognizing
a state of public war in Cuba and pro
claiming neutrality between tbe contest
ants a<« was proposed by nis resolution.
At 2 p m. Morgan was shut off by the
regular order, the bankruptcy bill, and
his resolution went back to me calendar;
but he gave notice that he would continue
his remarks in the morning hour to
morrow and demand a sest vote on the
passage of the resolution recognizing
Cuban belligerency and proclaiming neu
trality.
The remainder of the day's se-pion was
given to debate on the bankruptcy bill.
Stewan (Pop.) of Nevada oc-rjpied the
floor for three hours and a half in opposi
tion to the principle of involuntary bank
ruptcy and drifted into the question of
bimetallism, during which he an,d Chan
dler (K.) of Vermont indulged in an en
tertaining dialogue.
At 4:30 o'clock the Senate adjourned.
Oh J.\ J l.J> 1> , TO lilt, COAST.
Patent* Jttwd to Jnrtintov and A«ur
/''imnin (i rantrd
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 6.— George
A. Morse of San Francisco, a nephew of
President McKinley, who has been in
Washington since the inauguration, left
for home to-night.
The location of Station B Po«totlice in
San Francisco has been changed from 12
--14 City Hall avenue to 1610 MarKet street;
Station H, from Laguna street to 602
Hayes; also Station H, Los Angeles, from
4CO to 362 Main street.
Pensions bare been granted as follows:
California: Original — John Morgan,
North Ontario. Original widows, etc —
He. en W. Cole, Los Angeles; Eliza Fer
guson, Bayside.
Oregon : Restoration and reissued —
ColumbuH L. Ayres, Perris. Increased —
Edward S- Bell, Salem. Reissue — William
B. Fiizgorald, Gold Hill.
Patents have been issued to the follow
in 1 - 1 . t George H. Dyer, San Francisco, ad
justable stairway and fire escape; Peier
J. Gildea, San Francisro, mining dredg
ing apparatus; Alfred N. Godfrey, Port
Townsemi, Wash., bicycle braice; Rudolph
F. Hornung, Oakland, touch regulator for
k^yed instruments; Mary Mcßae, Everett,
Wash., box cover; William H. Pierce,
San Francisco, collapsib'e telescopic hot
uir cabinet; Edgar F. Santord, Merced,
subaqueous pipe tunnel; Silyert H.
Shelley. Berryessa, Cal., fruit-slicing
machine; Edward P. Smith, San Fran
cisco, hanger for harness; William A.
Willimrcs and H. H. Tuller, San Fran
cisco, wave power air compressor; George
E. Woodbury, San Francisco, ore con
centrator.
BRIAS'S ABGUXMXT.
ihev Warn a Craved i» th» Suprtmm Court
to Hrar Him.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 6.-The
Supreme Court of the United States was
crowded again to-day to listen to William
J. Bryan deliver his argument as counsel
for the State of Nebraska in the maximum
rate case now before the court.
After Af.orney Webster bad finished
his argument, begun yesterday, Mr. Bryan
presented ex-Commissioner oi Pensions
Bell and argued for his admission to the
Supreme Court bar.
Durinir his argument Mr. Bryan said:
"In a Government like ours those system*
and policies are best which in ttieir opera
tions so knit all the people together that
when one is injured ail wiil labor together
to escape from that injury. Bui some are
so situated as not to be affected by condi
tions which injure others and the tempta
tion is constantly before them to main
tain the^e conditions as against the gen
eral welfare."
Mr. Woolworth of Omaha, who was
counsel for the railroad-- in tlie coarse of
the litigaion below, followed, opening fo*
them. The argument will be conduce*!
to-morrow by J. '-'. Carter of New Yorfc
for the railroads and by Attorney-Genenf 1
Smith for tne S nte.
A*Bl»t>*»t Seer*tnrir* Xetire.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 6. —
Charle- S. Hainiin of Cincinnati and
William E. Curtis of New York relin
quished their portions as Assistant Secre
taries of the Treasury thi* afiernoon, and
to-morrow General O. L. Spalding of
Michigan and W. B. Howeil of New
Jersey will quali y as their successors.
Botb retiring offici Is held lareweli levees
this afternoon. Mr. Hamlin left Wash
ington to-night for Hot Springs, Va.,
where his sisters are stopping,- to spend a
few days. He expects to be in Boston
Monday to resume his law practice there.
Mr. Curtis will go to IS ew York to-mor
row. He will continue to practice law in
that city.
X» f omtnimion for Hawaii.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 6.—Sec
retary Long lias disposed of the rumor
that a commission was going to Hawaii
on the Philadelphia, by declaring such a
thing was not contemplated. Tie Phila
delphia 13 expected to leave San D-^go for
Honolulu in a day or two for a regular
cruise and will carry no pas-engers.
NEW TO-DAY. _. _^_
When Shakes-
peare said: "Now
good digestion wait j
on appetite — and
health on both" —
he must have had
in mind such goods
as Jffbpfy Bak-
ing Powder and
j&(£?tawgf SpiceS and
Flavoring Extracts.
118 Tillrnann & Bendcl, Mfrs.
TREATfIENT
%psj f^s^| THE KIND.THE
M|jfe* I want. Sucn treatment
1 7}^^aHrj|ivvs' is offered you by the .
J^^BHHkr ■'"' uiiy eminent specialist, i
Doctor Cook. No.f
tisSm^bbLJi^ziZ^iiVfo physician 4s tetter
"•S^^i\vssl?^ v * 4 * pood oiicn an offer.
(DOCTOR COOK.) Doctor Cook i? a grad-
uate of tne best medical colleges in the
world, and has had more experience and
greater success in the treatment of Nerv-
ous, Chronic and Sexual Diseases, than
any other specialist ever in San' Francisco.
The worst cases solicited, and perfect cares
guaranteed.
Suffering Women. %A«%
Is not only sympathy, but help for you.
There is no earth. y reßson why you should
! . longer endure the miseries arising from
. Irregularities, Periodical Headaches, Fall-
Ing or Displacement of the Womb, Leucor-
rbcea, Nervousness, i Hysteria and like ail-
• ments, whica rob you of your strength,
health, and beauty, a:id make you prema-
turely old. . In sacred confidence, teil
every tiling to Doctor Cook, who is an ex-
pert on all Female Complaints. .
Woalr Mart Young, middle-aged and
VVCatV ITICII, old. who have violated
the laws of nature : You are now renpitig
the result of your former folly. Many of
you have Evil Dreams, Exheus'iing Drains,
potency, Atrophy or tne Wasting Away
of ttie Oreans, Lost Manhood; Weak,
Aching Back; Frequent, Painful Urination
and Sediment in Urine; Pimples, Nervous-
ness, S'eepiessnes*, Bashmlness, Despond-
e cy, Stupidity, Loss of Ambition or simi-
lar symptoms. In brief, your body, brain
and sexual organs have become weak.
Doctor Cook can restore to you what you
have YOUR PRECIOUS MANHOOD.
He can. fit you for pleasure, study, busi-
ness and marriage, and send you out Into
the world with life anew.
\Tat'\r > f\r'f*\(± Hydrocele, Gonorrhoea,
T «i ivutcic, Gleet, Stricture and Syph-
ilis completely cured by Doctor Cook in
the shortest possible time.
\C\t\nf*\r B. adder, Ur Liver, stom-
IVlUliey, BCQ> Heart and Lung Diseases;
Eye, Ear, Nose, Thrust and Brain Dis-
eases; Blood and Skin Diseases, and Piles,
Fistula, Rheumatism, Rupture and Chronic
Catarrh permanently cured by .the latest
and best methods known to medical
science. ■ - „»
Mail Treatment Always satlsfac-
XViail I reaimeni. Tory Thereiors
write if you cannot call. Free Book on
nervous and sexual diseases to all describ-
ing their troubles. Office hours: $> to 13
A. m., 2to 5 and 7toB p. M. Sundays from
10 to 12 x. m. only. Address
DOCTOR IA/l/li. San Francisco. Ca'u
The Sparkling Specific,
J^Mi^ %*T w rJvw
Tarrant's Effervescent Seltzer Aperient
assists nature to restore regular action of the
stomach and bowels. It aids digestion, removes
accumulations, prevents and cures headaches.
makes the breath sweet and the blood pure.
The most delicious of saline draughts.
Sold by Druggists for 50 years.
dr.mcnultyT
T Snln r ,FJ' I ' KNOWN AND RELIABLE Oil;
UiseiwcsofMeiionly. Manly Power restore.!. Over
«ir*d?MT Perieil^ 1 Send f °r Book. free. Patient*
' dailv-6-30 tn m w if n ?V e *s° nabl °- Hours. 9 to 3
naiiy.e.jo tos.Wev'ss. Sundtivs, loto 1" Cnnmltu-
Uonfree and sacredly confldeutlal cLi oVaddre^
o«,, J*- ROSCOE McNITtTY, W. »..
W^Kearny Htrt^t, S»n FranclKo. C»I.
BRUSHES^er^S.3? i
brewers, bookbinder*, candylmaken 1 canni^ 1 i
dyers, flourmilla, ioundrles.: laundries. n^^i /
hangers, printers, painters, shoe . Jacioriea, ESS*-
aaen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, eta ** • t *01«.
»,„.. -, BUCHANAN i:;ci»s.. >
BtMhM,tnufacture». SOtfSacril^uttgjj,.
Weak Men and Women
Strength to ih« Sexual Organ*. *•»»«» an 4
Btren«th to the sexual Organa. **«»!«» andBATTLE WITH
MORALES' BAND
Sheriff Johnson and Posse of
Riverside Encounter
the Outlaws.
Volleys cf Bullets Exchanged,
but the D'speradoes Make
Their Escape.
Officers Are Close Upon tte Fugitives,
and N ws of Another Combat
Is Expected.
RIVERSIDE, Cal., April 6. —Sheriff
Johnson and a posse, who are out in the
mountains in pursuit of Jose Morales, the
murderer of Deputy Sheriff Wilson of Los
Angeles County, and Antonio Sepulveda.
an ex-convict who is wanted in that
county for norse-stealinfc, had a lively
brush with the outlaw* to-aay. A tele
pram was received at noon from Sheriff
Johnson, which stated that the Sheriff
and bis deputies had overtaken Morales,
Sepulveda ami others and fifteen shots
had been exchanged between the pursued
and the pursuers.
in tbe scrimmage Sepulveda's horse
was wounded, but the gang got away.
The two principals separated and went In
different directions. Sheriff Johnson in
structed his deputies to wire the Sheriff
and constables at Colton, Banning and
other points which the desperadoes would
be likely to reach, ana tbe officers at
these places have been notified to be on
the alert for the escaping bandits.
Morales and Sepulveda, with a number
of ether Mexican fugitives from justice,
have been camp d in tbe mountains in
the vicinity of Temecula for some time,
and since they have been there a large
number of cattle and horses have beeu
sto'en in this vicinity. To-day's fight is
■proof th.tt they are desperate men, and
bloods ed is expected before a capture is
t-ffected. Nothing has been heard from
the Sheriff aince this morning's telegram,
and it is possible that another fight has
taken place.
MURDER AT HARRISON GULCH.
Cfficers Smuggle an Assass/n Away at
Night to Prevent a Lynching by
Miners.
RED BLUFF, Cal., April 6.— Another
murder has been committed within the
limits of Shasta Comity and to-night the
County Jail at Redding holds within its
walls another beins; suspected of having
taken the life of a fellow human. The
scene of this last tragedy is the flourishing
Harrison Gulch mining camp, in the
extreme western part of that county.
Albert Weingarden is a miner living in
a ccbin at the town of Harrison Gulch.
He and his 14-year-old eon. J. A. Wein
garden, occupied the cabin together. Near
their cabin was one occupied by William
Vof::. the victim of . the killing. r -The two
men have been Quarreling for some time
pa«r.
Weinearden hnd Vosz arrested for cut
tine timber on Government land a short
time ago. He was taken to Ono and
there released by a Justice of the Peace.
On returning to Harrison Gulch he went
to his catkin and founii that it had been
inclosed by a fence, presumably by Wein
garden. He went to Harrison Gulch and
swore out a warrant for the arrest of his
assailant. Alter remaining at the mining
camp a short while he returned to the
cabin and ::gain commenced tearing the
fence away. While thus engaged Wein
garden tired upon him with n Winchester
rifle. While in a stooping posture, one of
the bullets struck Vo-z in the breast,
rauee'l downward and came out of his
back, killing him instantly.
Two men who were on a sidehill a short
distance away heard the shots, and upon
looking up saw Vo«z fall. They also saw
a puff of smoke Issuine from the door of
the cabin occupied by Weingarden. One
of the men «at on the hillside and watched
the cabin while his partner went to Harri
son Gulch and summoned help. A posse
was made up and sturted for the scene of
the dime. The cabin whs surrounded
and Weingarden captured without any
resistance, he apparently being the cool
est man of the crowa, not seeming to real
ize or care for what he had done.
Wi en he was taken to Harrison Gulch
and the news became general tin* Sturdy
misers became excited over the affair and
stood. in groups talking it over. The offi
cers became convinced that unless they
got their man out of the vicinity there
would be a necktie party. Stage-driver
Henry, who drives the stage between this
ace and tbe mines, was summoned, and
the trouble explained to him. After hear
ing the statements of the officers the
driver induced them to attempt to Let
Weingarden to Red Bluff. He hitched up
hi* team at 10 o'clock Monday night and
V.'einzarden was slipped from his place of
confinement and put into tbe stage.
Henry then applied the lash to his
horses and struck out down the mountain
road a- fast as he could drive. He drove
all night and arrived with his man in Rel
Bluff ju«t before the train started for Red
ding this afternoon. WHngarden was put
on board and taken to Reddinp, the crime
having been committed in. Shasta county.
Weingaraen is well known in Red Bluff
ant! is considered to be a very quarrelsome
man. He owned a small ranch one mile
east of here and.was continually having
trouble with his neighbors, impounding
tbeir stock and doing many other thine*
to bring himself into disfavor. He worked
in Lvonsvilie some time and was also
quarrelsome there. Those who know him
in Red Muff <ionotseem surprised at what
he has done.
A Coroners jury was summoned at
Harrison Gulch to investigate the murder,
and after bearing Hip r-vidence it brought
in a verdict to the effect that Vosz came
to his death from gun-shot wounds in
flicted by some person unknown to them.
The evidence of the two men on the hill
and of other persons leaves little doubt.
however, that Weingarden fired the fatal
shot. Tne dead man ta not known here,
but at Harrison Gulch he is said to have
been a <ju;et man.
WALLA XVAIjUA's &CAXt> »1.
Warden Mu ngr nv~ of th* nitt-ntirtru
Summarily Bmm»r*4.
TA.COMA, Wash, April The new
Board of Control of the Sta'e penitentiary
at Walla Walla met at Olympia to-day
and unanimously elected J. B. Catron of
North Yakima as Warden in the place of
Warden ilusprove, removed. A further
or er was made removing Mr. Bonney
from the position of clerk of iDe peniten
tiary, to which he was appointed. only a
week ago by the retiring board of trus
tees. H. L. Achilles of this city, com
mandant of the Soldiers' Home, who re
fused to resign, was removed, and S. M.
A:ien of Seattle appointed In his place.
Ernest Lester, recently appointed by
Governor Ro/ers as Traveling State Au
ditor, arrived in Walla Walla to-lay and
took charge of the penitentiary until the
Warden arrives. This summary proceed
ing is due to rumors that the retiring
board of trustees have made a corrupt |
deal for the sale of 1,000,000 jute grain |
seeks now on hand in the penitentiary at ;
too low a figure.
LOS ANGELES DIVORCE CASE.
Action Brought by Mrs. W Herd, an Heiress
Who Married a "Btauiy Doctor"
Ft k^r.
LOBANGEIiBS, Cal.. April 6.-Society
here is taking considerable interest in the
divorce suit of Ellen M. Willard against
her husband, i'rank A. Willard. The
Willard family— Frank, his father, a
brother and his nrother's wife— gained
notoriety here about a year and a half
ago by being arrested for conducting a
"Beauty Doctor" fake. Th» y used the
mails for fraudulent purpo-rs and several
of them were given sentences in the Santa
Barbara {ail. Mrs. Ellen M. Willard was
not, however, implicated.
Mrs. Willard married in Dixon, 111., in
1830, much agamsi tbe wishes of her
parents, who were wealthy people.
Shortly after their marriage the husband
began to tire, apparently, of his bargain,
and grew angry because his wile's father
would not respond with ducats with ihe
generosity he appeared to bel.eve was due
him as the son-in-law oi a rich man.
Willard des-erted his wife and lived apart
from her for several years, but in I*B4 c
returned and they went to live in Michi
gan. Five years later they came to Cali
fornia.
During all the time Willard had been
abusing bis wife in many ways, *o she de
clares, and especially directed his spite
and contumely aeainst her fattier and
other members of her lamily. Willard,
s-be says, would frequently express the
desire that her father mien t die in order
that they could get hold of some of the
property. Willard's residence on the
coast did not apparently :ibate his kindly
regard for his lather-in-law, and he would
say to Mrs. Willard that the old man was
«low about dymp, and as each day passed,
that, it was just that much shorter time
to wait.
Finally, tiring of his abuse, she tooK
their four children and went to a house
in East Los Angeles. She asks for the cus
tody of tbe children along with tbe di
vorce.
TRAGEDY AT LOS ANGELES.
Insane Young Woman Attempts Suicide
Wi:h Fire and Is Horribly
Burne d.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., April 6— An at
tempt at suicide with most shocking re
sults was made here early this morning.
In a n't of deep dejection and de-pair Misa
Rachel Fayles, pronounced insane, tried
to destroy herself with fire at her lodgings
on East Fifth ;-treet. Other lodgers dis
covered fire issuing from Miss Fayle's
room, broke open the door and extin
guished the flumes. When they entered
Miss Fayles lay on a bed which was on
fire, a3 was her clothing, a combination
undersuit. The room adjoining was abliize.
The woman was seemingly oblivious to
tbe terrible burns she had suffered. Tlie
lower portion of her undersuit was burned
away and the flesh was horribly scorched.
The poor victim, with an insane smile on
her face, seemed not to notice the tortur
intr pain. The county ambulance was
called and she was removed to the hos
pual. She may recover.
Miss Fayles has been a guest at the
lodging-house since last October, comiue
from San Francisco. Formerly she lived
a* Tacorca, Wash., where siie taught
school. Her family lives in Brooklyn, N.
Y. She is about 27 years old, and an
industrious and discreet young woman of
irreproachable character. Siie is highly
educated and refined, a frequenter of the
public library and was studying to get a
teacher's position here.
Dr. Barber, at the County Hospital,
says the patient is insane, and she has
had to be placed in a straitjacket to
keep her in bed. She says she is Christ
and that the fire cannot burn her, because
ii could not burn him.
SAN JOSE MURDER TRIAL.
Ah Sing Arraigned tor the Killing of a
Fellow Celestial in a Gcmblmg-
House.
SAN JOSE, Cal, April 6.— The trial of
Ah Sing, charged with Killing Ah Wy in
Sixth-street Chinatown on October tj last,
commenced be.'ore a jury in Judge Lori
tan's court to-day.
Ah Wy and three other Chinese while
gambling quarreled over the possession
of 15 cents. Ah Sing and Ah Gong, who
is also awaiting trial on the charge of
murder, held Wy whi.e \y Gong shot him
in the abdomen. Gong is still at liberty.
The other two were positively identified by
Wy before his death as the men who he.d
him while Gong did the shooting.
A jury was sworn this morning and the
taking of testimony commenced this after
noon.
Orphan Hoy Aitemptt Suicide.
SAN JOSE. Cal.. April B.— Henry Har- '
ris, a boy of 15, took strychnine this morn- !
ing with intent to commit suicide. After ;
taking the drug he mounted his bicycle j
and rode over a mile to the Goidsn Gate !
Cannery, He told one of the employes at \
the cannery that he bad taken poison. A j
physician was summoned and after an j
hour and a half's work the lad's life was I
pronounced out of danger. The boy is an I
orphan who was adopted by Mis* Clara 1
Harris of this city. His only excuse for !
taking the poison was that he ni tired of '
living.
Armtril fur Insanity.
BAN JOSE, Cal., April H— William
Mette, an aged man, was arrested by
Jailer Black this morning and charged
witn insanity. He had been roaming
about in the vicinity of Ilerryessa for a
couple of days in a half-mule condition
and eating grafts. He claims to he an iron
worker, and says be has been in California
about eight years. It is believed that
starvation and exposure caused his de
mented condition.
Stricken '"> Heart JtiMtnMf.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April 6.— Caius J.
Fellom, an old resident of this county,
dropped dead from heart disease this
morning while cutting <rrass at his home
on the Tully road in Franklin district.
He was a native of Denmark ami M years
ot age. For some time the deceased h.-.d
been und r the care of a physician for
heart trouble. Two daughters survive
him.
Died «if <re*«viif City.
SAN JOSE. Cal., April o.— Nelson C.
Parker of this city died suddenly at Cres
cent City. Del Norte County, Sunday
morning. He left her- March IS on a min
ing expedition. No particular- re.-arding
his death have been received. Parker was
Cbout 40 years of age and a native of Mas
sachusetts. At one time he was assistant
City Lngineer. A daughter survives him.
■ ♦ —
Uniltv of felony J-,nh'ZzUtn~nt.
SAN JObK, Cal., April 6.— John Rosen- •
berg, who disposed of a cow belonging to
Gustave Keinlee in order to procure food
for himseif ana other laborer* employed
on the Reinlee ranch near Gilr-jy, has
been found guilty of felony embezzlement.
He will be sentenced Friday.
t rackvtnan Cnmjht at Fe<ton.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., April 6.— Harry
Hamilton, a San Francisco crook, was
caught attempting 10 blow open a safe in
Lay 's «alf>on at Felton last night and v.as
arrested by Officer Glass. He had a lull
kit or burglar lools ana worked like a pro
fessional. He is a confederate of Hess
ana Hnmil!, iield here on suspicion of im
plication in the Hwanton burglary. He
was held in the Superior Court to-day.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 7, 1897.
PASS ING OF THE
WARLIKE MODOCS
Captain Jack's Celebrated
Band Decimated by
Starvation.
Pitiful Plight of the Remnant
Remaining on Northern
Ranges.
Fully a Fourth of Their Number
Succumbed to the Hardships
of a Rigorous Winter.
REDDING, Cal., April 6.— H. S. Me-
Coy, who has been riding the ranges in
Modoc County, i? in Redding to-day. He
telis of the pitiable condition of the hand
ful of the celebrated tribe of Modoc In
dians which live in that section. Ordi
narily the reds have been able to sustain
themse.ves during the summer by work
ing on the hay ranches and in the winter
by cutting and hauling wood. This win
ter baa been unusually severe and they
have been hard pressed to pet a bare snb
smier.ce. McCoy reports that last fall
there remained but 100 of Captain Jack's
i tribe in the neighborhood of the massacre
i of 1872, and that because of the severe
weather and the hardships of the past
mouih the number have been still more
greatly reduced. All toid there are about
' 400 Indians of various tribes in the entire
county.
In 1873. at the clo^e of the war, the
Modocs were taken to Indian Territory.
There were a score or more who escaped
the enticing wiles of Uncle Sam's Com
missioners, and in a quarter of a century
this remnant, left in peace, had grown to
the number of ICO. The ravages by hun
ter and exposure this winter has reduced
this number, Mr. McCoy estimates, at
1 east one-quaner. The condition oi the
survivors is wretched, and they appar
ently feast witu relish upon the carcasses
of cattle that have strayed from their
corrals and p«ris;ied.
The present straits of the hniel de
scendants oi Captain's Jack's followers re
call the history of that famous chief, who
in 1872 and 1873 caused the Government
much trouble. It was a famous war. Ac
cording to the reports made after it was
all over the Modocs had but forty-six men
capable of bearing arms when the war
commenced. Five braves.three squaw* and
two boys lost their lives. On the Govern
ment side 150 soldiers were killed and
wounded, and the war cost $300,000.
The tragedy of the struggle was the
treachery ot Captain Jack, ivno on April
11. 1873, when under a flag of truce, gave
the warwhoop and shot General Can by
dead. Can by fell upon the rocks and was
then stabbed in tbe neck with a km IV, as
a butcner kills a hog, and was then
stripped of his clothing and left naked on
the lava. Dr. Tnomas was likewise killed
at this time.
For three days after that the United
State 9 troops had Captain Jack's litti*
band ' e mined up in the lava tields near
Tule Lake, pouring shot and shell upon
them when they could catch sight of
them. Not a Modoc was slain, and tbe
whole band escaped to a stronger position
six miles southward. Three different
times the troops had their bands upon
Jack and he was not there.
Finally on June 4. 1873, more than six
months after the first tight, the war closed
Captuin Jack, Sconcbin John, Boston
Charley, Black Jim.Wacthinateand Shlox
were tried by court martial ami sentenced
to death.
Scar-faced Charley was elected chief of
! those who went to Indian Territory.
I Those left in Modoc County have lonir aeo
; given up their tribal relation and have
! lived peaceably on the verge oi civiliza
j lion, picking up a precarious and uncer
! tain living from cd.l job* given them by
i the whites in tbe sparsely settled region
'< in the northeastern corner of California.
! Never laying by any stores for a rainy
I day, they were not prepared to meet the
privations of the past winter, and spring
', linds their ranks so reduced that soon the
j Modocs will figure only in history.
ARIZONA'S POLITICAL WAR.
Governor Frank In Holds That an Act
Passed by the Legislature Over
His Vito Is Invalid.
PHfENIX, Ariz, April «.— There is
more trouble brewing between the mem
bers of th» Nineteenth Legislature and
Governor Franklin. The latter announced
to-day that he would take the position
that the salary reinstatement act passed
over his veto was illegal and invalid. At
the same time Attorney General Wilson
tiled a formal opinion declaring the act
invalid, chiefly on the ground that it was
retroactive. Governor Franklin declares
the bill invalid because Cowan o: Mohave,
an ex-county oHici.il and therefore a bene
ficiary under the act, cast the decisive
vote when the bill was passed over the
executive veto.
If the act stands the test in the courts
it will entail an expense of about |40,0C0
on the counties. It provides for th* pay
ment of back salaries of county cfncial
wtio served during 1886418, and allows
tb*m a-< much money m their p-eJeces
sors were paid. This action is based upon
nn error in tbe engrossment of the si ary
reduction bill passed by the Eighteenth
L 'iri'lature, whereby the act went into
effect two year? before it was intended by
its f-am.-rs to become operative, and re
dncad the salaries of officials already in
office. For two years thin has been one of
i he greatest bones of contention in the
Territory, and now the matter will bo
fought out in the courts.
FIGHT FOR A PORTLAND ESTATE.
Former Employers of a Missing Man Liy
Claim to His Savings of a
Lifetime.
PORTLAND. Or.. April 6.— About two
years ago Anton Morten*en, an omploye
of the Portland Ice Company, suddenly
disappeared from this city, and since then
there has been no clew to his whereabouts.
Soon after his departure the disclosure
was made that he had $5300 in gold coin
with a local safe deposit company. His
late employers then *et up a claim to the
money on the alleged ground that he had
embezzled it from them, but that seems
impossible, as he had been in their em
piov for two years only, and in order to
collect the sum on deposit he would have
had to steal $9 per day, which was more
tljHii he took in.
Morten^en's parents, to whom this sum
of money means mucti, have causeu the
Danisli Consul liure to interest himself in
the case. He is gathering evidence to
prove that when Mortenssn went to work
for the ice company he had already saved
the money found. There will be a bitter
tight for the estate, but the impression is
that the heirs will get what is left of it at
the end of the promised litigation.
It is not believd that Morten sen volun
tarily left here, as he hud no occasion so
to do. Had he gone voluntarily he would
not have left bis little fortune behind him,
hence it is the opinion among his friends
that he was shangnni'd and killed or ac
cidentally drowned at sea.
IN JAIL AT SAN RAFAEL.
Millionaire Fnigan Still Rifuses to Pay
His Wile Alimony as Ordered by
the Court.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., April 6.—Million
aire Peter A. Fiiiigan, tt.e defendant in
the sensational divorce suit commenced
by Mrs. Emily B. Finiean, spent last
night in a cell in the County Jail as the
star boarder of Sheriff Harrison. Despite
the millionaire's wealth his attorneys
could not induce the Supreme Court to
listen to his application ior a writ of ha
beas corpun yesterday afternoon because
that body was engaged with other affairs.
So Colonel Finigan was compelled to ac
cept his fate, and instead of spending the
night in his elegantly furnished apart
ments at the Hotel Rafael, he slept on one
of the rii'le couches in the County Jail.
And all t"-day the colonel has been con
fined in his cell. His meals have been
sent lo the prison lrom a hotel near by,
but the millionaire has not complained.
He does not relish his lot, out is making
the best of a bad position. He is cheer
ful, but still Judge Angelotti s order re
quiring nlm to pay $750 to his wife as ali
mony has not been complied with, and
until it is, or the Supreme Court grants
him a writ of babe** corpus, he will re
main in the County Jail.
The colonel still persists that he has not
the money to comply with the order re
quiring him to pay $760 aiimony to his
wife.
SAUSALITO NLWS BUILDING.
Arrangements Completed for the Laying of
the Cornerstone Next Thursday
Afternoon.
SAUSALITO, Cal., April 6— For the
second lime arrangements rave bean
made for the laying of the cornerstone of
the Sauyalito News building on Water
street. After arrangements had been com
pleted eoiue time ago a landslide occurred
and damaged the foundation to such an
extent that it had to be relaid. The per
sons interested hope to be more successful
this time.
The Rev. Mr. Hamilton will officiate.
One of the young ladies on the hill will be
chosen to place the iron box between the
nioriar and the bricks. The Suusalito
brass band will be stationed near by and
wi.l play patr.otic music. Houses and
siorf s on the water front will be decorated
and ihe occasion will be made one of con
siderable importance. The choir of the
Episcopal cunrch will also De present and
discourse sweet mu-ic. The event will
take place at 4:30 o'clock Thursday after
noon.
In the building when completed will be
the press and editorial rooms of the Sausa
lito News ana the Sausaiito postottice.
BLAZE AJ SfUKAXE.
Arcadia Ihrater and Its Entire Content*
]>e*tro'ie<l by lire.
SPOKANE. Wash., April 6.— The Ar
cadia Tueuier ana us entire contents were
ourned to-night at 11:30 o'clock. There
was no insurance. The total loss is about
$10,000.
The fire started in the vicinity of the
stage, how is unknown. It is supposed to
have started from smoldering sparks from
the red rire nsed during the performance.
The Frank ReaaicK Dramatic Company,
which carve Iron* the Orpheum Thar. tor in
Denver, loses about $2000 worth of scenery,
all of its costumes and nearly every thing
the members of the company possessed.
The fire leaves roost of them destitute, as
business has been bad. The company
was to have opened a new theater in Den
ver on Monday.
WINTERS FARMER SHOT.
Fired Upon by In oxcated Young Men
as He Waiked Along a ri gh
way.
WOODLAND, Cal., April 6.— L. C. WO
cox, a farmer residing near Winters, was
shot in the bark wliile waiving on a road
Monday evening. He continued his walk
and did not know he was snot until blood
trickled down nis arm.
Some boy.- reported ihat the shoi was
fired by two jr»ung men in a buggy, who
provoj io be fe.y iioimes and Al Suddith
of Monticellu. There appears to be no
niot.ve for the shooting, and both men
were said to be under the iniluence of
l;quor. Both nre under arrest and are out
on bail pending the result of Wilcox's
wound. He will recover.
. VaLLEJO'S JFr.M >/.E FIREBUG.
toting Woman to,,f*»*es that bhe
Started Jtreent ration*.
VALLEJO, Cal., April 6.— A young
named Luella Hoyt has confessed tbatshe
started all the mysterious fires recently in
this city. She was taken to Fairtield to
day for examination as to her mental con
dition. She admitted having set fire to
Varnev house, destroyed last 4th of July,
and other indications point to her as the
person who caused the destruction of sev
eral barns in the vicinity of Denio's Addi
tion.
Vutiny for Arroili Editort.
CARSON, New, Ai.ril 6— There was a
meeting to-day of a portion of the execu
tive committee of the Nevada Press Asso
ciation in this city and the quesiion o'
the annual press excursion of the Nevada
newspaper association was brought up.
It was suggested that as toe California
Press Excursion look place in June, with
an ccean trip to Portland and return, and
excursions iuto tue interior towns of Ore
gon, it would be a good idea to join the
("aiiiorninns, provide 1 they did not ob
ject and have a good time together. With
ih.s idea in view Mr. Hummel of tue
Wadsworth Dispatch was authorized to
correspond with the ollicers ot the Califor
nia Press As-oci:Uioii and see what iou <1
be Uone in the way of combining tne two
excursions.
to rrntrrt Bmmtm Crux Game.
SAN CRUZ Cat., April «.— The tfonrd
of .Supervisors to-day decided to act favora
bly on the request of tlie State Fish and
Gajae Commission and appointed Leo
Caplatzi to the position of game and fish
warden for this county. The commission
■ddmwd an exhaustive letter to the
board urging the action, stating that the
newspapers had spread Abroad the fame
of Santa Cruz County for iish and game
and declaring the necessity vi Santa Cruz
County givnm the si>ortirnen who vißit it
some protection from poachers.
Gorernar litidd to +*end Tamnlpai*.
MILL VALLEY, Cal., April 6.— The
tavern of Tamalpais, the hotel situated on
the summit nf Mount Tamalpais, has
been engaged by Governor James H.
Budil and s:aff for next Saturday night,
when the parly of prominent politicians
will view the -unset and sunrise and dis
cuss State aff.tirs from a high standpoint.
The entire hotel bus been reserved for the
use of the (iovernor and his party.
T)rcren»lntf Man- J'lind'* Force.
VALLEJO, Cal., April 6.— a number of
ship-joiners and others were diacnarged
from this construction department this
afternoon, owing to lack of funds. Many
of the men let out were veterans, and
mvc .1 adverse commpnt is made, it being
a weJl-Known fact ih.it while they are
given preference in awarding positions,
they in many instances are the first to be
discharged.
TO CURE A COLO 1J» ONE DAY.;
Take laxative BroiuoQulnme Tablets. All drug
gists it-iuiui iiic money If it lails to cure, ituc
BOATS PLYING ON
SPRAGUE STREETS
Rising Waters Inundate
the Washington City's
Thoroughfares.
Residents Driven to the Upper
Stories of Their Flooded
Dwellings.
Farmers in the Vicinity Lose Many
Cittle and Buildings Are
Wa hed Away.
SPRAGUE, Wash., April 6.— The south
eastern portion of Lincoln County is suf
fering from the most disastrous Hoods
known in years. Warm winds are melting
the deep snow covering the greater part of
the Lincoln and Douglas County wheat
tields,causing creeks :\nd rivers to over
flow their banks.
Business streets of this city are covered
by from two to five feet of water, the cel
lars are all full and in many cases families
have moved to t!ie second and third stories.
A trestle several blocks long has teen
erected, connecting the Sprague Hotel
with the Northern Pacific depot. Several
citizens have procured boats and mer
chants in the Hooded district have been
compelled to move thpir stocks.
Farmers along Rock, Coal and Crnb
creeks have lost many head of cattle and
large quantities of bay, which the high
water, coming very suddenly, washed
away. Many bridges and miles of fence
are gone. Farmers will be benefited by
having their land thoroughly moistened,
and if it becomes dry enough to worn this
month the year's wheat crop will be the
greatest ever Known in this section.
REDWOOD CITY'S BUSY NATIVES.
Nuther Labor Nor Expanse Spared in Pre
paring for the Grand Parlor's
Reception.
REDWOOD CITY, Cau, April 6 -If
there ever were any doubts as to the abil
ity of tbe Native Sons of Redwood C;ty to
entertain the Grand Parlor in a befitting
manner, they are entirely dispelled by this
lime. The citizens of this place have been
most liberal, but none more so than the
members of the local parlor itself, several
of them having individually subscribed
$o9 toward the entertainment fund. The
delegates are assured a most pleasant and
«ntertainine time during tlie>r stay here.
The reception accorded them will be of
the highest character. Everything meted
out to them will be of the best.
One of the main features of the session
will be the music. Roncovieri's band of
San Francisco has been engaged. After
imiii and evening open-air concerts will
be given, and one of the principal attrac
tions will be the rendition of Roncovierrs
wonderful illustrated music. He will al?o
supply the music for the ball and for the
banquet.
The contract for preparing and serving
the banquet has been let. Covers will be
lai'i for 400 persons.
Where to accommodate the crowd on
the night of the ball has been the ques
tion uppermost in the minds of the Na
tive Sons for "ome time past, but now that
hiis been definitely settled. Last night a
contract was awarded for the erection of a
lame pavilion for that purpose, the di
mensions of which will be 100 feet square.
Tins morning tha papers were signed and
the worn will be commenced immedi
ately. The contract provides that the
structure shall be completed within fif
teen day;.
BAATA CJiCZ Ot J-ICIALB AT WAX.
Auditor Martin Krfutci to liiue a ffar-
rant for Senator Trout.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., April 6.— Since
his return from the Legislature, Senator
D. H. Trout of B >uMer, who represents
jointly Santa Cruz and San Mateo coun
ties, and holds the position of Deputy
County Assessor, has been subjected to
some criticism by his constituents for the
part he took iq the reduction of salaries
by the passage of the county government
act. Auditor E 1 Martin yesterday refused
to draw Trout's warrant for services as
Deputy Aseessor, and sought an opinion
lrom District Attorney Lindsay.
The District Attorney held that in the
absence of a direct law* or constitutional
provision upon the subject the common
law rule should guloe; and that the com
mon law plainly pointed out tne incom
patibility of one person holding two
offices.
Mr. Trout was appointed Deputy As
sessor in March 1595, and was elected
Senator lust November. The deputy's
salaiy is $100 a momh for four months of
the year, payable at the counter of the
County Treasurer upon a warrant drawn
by the Auditor.
SAN IHUOO't, ELKCTION.
Ittrd, the Ji*put>tic<in Candidate, Chosen
for lite Mayorft'if.
SAN DIEGO. Cal., April (>.— The city
election h?re to-day was hotly contested
and ;>(500 votes were polled, nearly as
many as at the general election Jast fall.
There were six candidates for Mayor,
each polit cal party making a nomination
and three men running independent.
D. C. Reed, Republican, was elected
Mayor by 300 plurality over Holland,
Democrauc and Non-Partisan. T. J.
Powell, Democratic, is probably elected
City Treasurer by a scratch and ihe entire
Republican AMermanic ticket — Messrs.
Simon L»vi, A. E. Nut!, L. A. Biochman,
Charles Pauly and S. G. Ingle — has been
ele< ted. The lower house of the council
will be equally divided among the old
parties.
The election of Reed mfins a change in
the Chief of Police, as Holland was the
special champion of Chef Banning, and
the right was largely over his appoint
ment.
To lifiMtore an ..rizoun Caatl*.
PHCENIX. Ariz., April <>.— A public
movement has been started looking to
the restoration of Montezurua Castle, one
of the most noble and famous prehistoric
ruins on the American Continent. Frank
C. Reed of Flagstaff is authorized to re
ceive lubscripuons for the work. Author
ities agree that unless steps are taken at
once to at least preserve what is left of
this raaeniheent ruin the walls will soon
collapse.
.1111! Valley* 1-lrpiionr Surriee.
MIL.L VALLEY, Cal., April 6 —For
the tirsi time in its existence Mill Valley
has an all-night telephone service. H.
G. Connor has signed a contract with the
telephone company, agreeing to give Mill
Valley this service and he has become the
local agent of the company.
Jarntnn Councilman Choicn.
TACOMA, Wash., April C— The city
election to cboose eight out of the sixteen
(Jouncilmen resulted in the return of four
Republicans and four People's party can
didates. This leaves the Council Republi
can by four majority— two less than be
fore.
NEW TO-DAY— CLOTHING.
Struck the
Popular
Chord.
Made a Quick
And Decisive Hit.
Nothing that we have ever done has pleased the
people so much, has brought such a big crowd, has
tested our sales' strength, has tested our delivery serv-
ice, and has attested to our popularity and added new
laurels to our already full wreath as this remarkably
high-class sale, this introductory sale of goods bearing
the first blush of spring, from which we have lifted the
dewy mantle and exposed before the gaze of all, in our
big corner window, these handsome Suits at
Pleased.
Oh, Yes ! ■■="=:
Have we pleased the public? •" /^"^
Ash them. Ask them what they think. Ash *S!9&
any swell dresser about town what he thinks of T^T
our beautiful exhibit new Spring Suits at s^w&t*-^
—$8.50— A \
And he will tell you that we have carried %fA \u
everything before us this season. \H +
Ash any well-informed man about town jf^T i
who is showing up the stylish clothes this spring J? \ 7
and he will tell you the big Kearny-street % \ I
store— Frisco Boys. " if
One glance into our big corner window and J J I
the sight of those pretty Spring Suits will impel y \\
you with a mighty big desire to purchase. I | 1/
It's an introductory sale and we have bent J, II
every energy upon making it a success, and we Mr »
have succeeded far beyond our most sanguine « ,— ■ !_y r-»
expectations. ■ 5pQ,^Q
•ft Those English
/JtX Top' Coats.
f 1 A You can't own as pretty a Spring
U^l &\ You can't own as pretty a Spring
\di—i W Overcoat as one of these swell Top Coats
0 © °f ours . ln an shades. They're way at
-J I the top notch for style.
if] J The colorings are beautiful, just
7 7 / / 8 alive with good tailoring, just alive with
1j if | dressiness, and they're just the correct
/\i | thing. ;
LI 4^ J They're with us, but not for long, at
$8.50 -$8.50-
FRISCO'S MOST POPULAR HOUSE,
9, 11, 13 and 15 Kearny Street, Two Entire Buildings*
34
FOUND HANGING IN
HIS PRISON CELL
Kleupfer, the Newhope Mur
derer, Anticipates
the Law.
His Life Choked Out by a Noose
Formed From a Silken
. Handkerchief.
Was Awaiting Trial at Stockton for
Killing Two Men While
Cr z:d by Liquor.
STOCKTON, Cal., April C. — Charles
Francis Kleupfer, who slew Charles R.
Dodge and Alexander Borland at New
hope on February 2, was to have been
brought into court this morning to have
the date set for his trial for the murder of
Dodge, but when the rays of the sun
peeped into the cell through the iron
grating of the small window he was seen
to have passed beyond the jurisdiction of
any earthly court. J. B. Broulette was in
the cell with Kleup'er, and when he
awoke at the first light of day he saw the
body of his cellmate banging from the
cell bars.
Kleupfer hanged himself early this
morning — perhaps shortly after midnight.
It was nearly 12 o'clock before Boulette
fell asleep, and the body of Kleupfer was
cold when seen by him at about 4:30
o'clock.
The manslayer had meditated the deed
for days, and, perhaps, since his impris
onment began. lie made all preparations
with the greatest care. So quietly did he
kill himself that lor several hours after he
had ceased breathing the man in the cell
with him slept on, while those in the cell
opposite heard no noise, no groan, no
struggle.
He rolled the mattress up in a heap and
placed it on the floor, under the window.
He then took his "blankets, folded them
and placed them on too of the mattress.
Then he tied a red silk handkerchief under
his jaw and over his head, so as to keep
hia mouth closed. That wes done so that
he could not cry out or groan. He then
tied another red silt handkerchief about
his neck and fastened the other end to the
second bar from the top of the window, i
His preparations completed, he let his |
feet slide from the blankets, having first I
thrown a towel over his face.
In this way Kteupfer hanged himself |
and ended all. The anxiety of a tedious
trial, the worry and the fret and the dis- '•
erace of it all were not to be borne by him.
He probably died without a struggle, for
the towel, that had been just thrown over
his head and allowed to hang over his ]
face, had not fallen off. His arms hung !
loosely at Lis sides.
When Brouletto awoke and saw the i
body af his cellmate hanging from the
bars, he called for the jaiier, and Deputy I
Hanks went down to the cell. He did '
not look in, for he little dreamed that he
had been called to cut down the body of
the Newhope prisoner. Broulette called !
again, ana this time Hanks looked into !
tne cell and saw the dangling corpse.
The Sheriff's office was notified, the Dis- I
trict Attorney and the Coroner were sum- i
moned, and upon the arrival of Deputies j
Jory and Shuster the body was cut down
and taken to the morgue. Letters w«re I
foun d that had been written to the Coro
ner, to Jailer Benjamin, to the prisoner's
brother, who arrived here yesterday from
Custer, Idaho, and to J. G. Swinnerton,
the prisoaer's attorney. The letter to the
Coroner merely requested him to give hit !
body to his brother.so that it might be in- j
terred in Oakland. The letters to tbe at- '
torney and the prisoner's brother were re- I
garding private business affairs.
Charles F. Kleupfer was awaiting trial
for the murder of Charles R. Dodge and
Alexander Borland at Newhope, on the
night of February 2. Dodge and Borland
were in the hotei kept by Arthur Thorn
ton, when Kleupfer entered. He had evi
dently been drinking, and immediately
began to raise a disturbance. His conduct
became so objectionable that those present
remonstrated, but this only made the man
worse and he became very boisterous.
Dodge and Borland endeavored to in- |
duce him to leave the place, but he would '
not go. They then assisted in an attempt I
to eject him, but Keupier showed fignt, I
and drawing Ms pistol tired two shots, I
both of which took effect. One bullet
struck Dodge in the hfad and the other
pierced Borland's skull, each penetrating
the brain. Neither man spoke after the !
bullet struck him, both expiring within a
few moments.
After the shooting Kleupfer ran across
the street and barricaded himself in his
room. There he defied arrest until olli
cers arrived from Stockton, when he sub
mitted. He was brought to Stockton hur
riedly, there being reason to fear that a
lynching tnight be attempted.
SALE of AitizosA. mixes.
The Famous Vulture Group Purchased
by a Syndicate.
PH(ENIX, Abiz, April The famons
Vulture mines that have produced over
$10,000,000 of gold were sold to-day in this
city by Benjamin Hieronymous of
Springfield, ; 111. . The purchasers were
Henry M. Love of ; Chicago, W. C. Davis
of Tucson and associates. Hieronymous
bid in the property at the recent trustees'
sale ana has since handled it in bis ca
nacity as one of the financial agents of the
creditors of ex-Senator H. A. W. Taber of
Colorado.
Both the mine and the mills are in bad
condition. The new purchasers will
abandon the old workings and begin at
onoe to sink a double compartment shaft
1000 feet deep to the north of the old in
cline. Upon this a 100-stamp mill will be
erected. Three hundred thousand tons of
low-trade tailings will be treated by tJUe
cyanide process. A pipe line for water to
the Hassayanipa, fifteen miles distant, is
another projected improvement.
-V«nrf« Urnnd Jury's Jieport.
CARSON, New, April 6.— The United
States Grand Jury reported to-lay, deal
ing mostly with Indian and counterfeit
ing cases. The case of Trenmor Coffin,
the attorney once indicted for contempt
of court in tampering with witnesses in
the mint trial*, was not considered, as
United States District Attorney Jones did
not pr.sent it. The case of United States
Attorney Jones, ehirged with a brass
knuckles assault on Editor Davis, will first
come up ou preliminary examination at
Reno before Commissioner Waldo.
Mourning in Woodland.
WOODLAND, Cal., April C— The Chris
tian church could not hold the large
number of people gathered to attend the
funeral services of the late Moore Hes
keth. The services were conducted by
Rev. J. ri. McCullough, who preached an
eloquent sermon. The body was taken to
Dixon this afternoon on a special car for
interment and was accompanied by many
friends of the deceased.
tin n art Extension in Tiilnre.
VISALIA, Cal., April C— Work becan
here this morniug on an extension of tbe
Sunset telephone system to Porterville
and Bakersfielo. a distance of about 100
miles, ihis is the result of the activity
of the Mount Whitney Telephone Com
pany, a local organization that is pushing
its lines in all directions. Rates have
been greatly lowered in Tulare County.
Vtleotnrd to Mare Inland.
VALLEJO, Cal., April G.— Captain
Henry Glass, U. S. N., the newly ap-.
pointed captain of the navy-yard at
Mare Island, arrived from the East this
afternoon and asMinied his duties at once.
, The friends of the captain and his wife
• welcome his return to the yard after a two
1 years' absence.
Sudden J>attU at Yalltjt.
VALLEJO, Cal., April 6.— William Me-
Keague. formerly burkeeper at the Mare
Island canteen, was seized suddenly this
morning by a fit of apoplexy while a;
work shoveling coal at the coal wharf and
died in half an hour.
hog of the May ft 'teer.
LONDON, Exo., April t>. — It is stated
that a certain amount of ceremony is pro
posed in connection with the presentation
by the Archbishop of Canterbury to ex-
Emba&sador Bayard of the iog of the
Mayflower, the vessel on which the pil
grim fathers went to America. The con
sistory of the diocese oi London recently
ordered in reply to a petition that the log
should be transferred to the United State?.
On Wednesday last the terms of the
transfer were arranged between Mr.
Carter, the American Charge d'Affaeirs
and the Chancellor of the diocese of Lon
don. It is understood that Mr. Bayard
will present the log to the Governor of
Massachusetts.
Carrion* Manufacturer* Fail.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 6.— James B.
Brewster «fc Co. (reorganized ), manufac
turers of carriages, male an assignment
to-day to Sherman Evans. The present
company was incorporated on March 17
18 I JG. wit a a capital stock of 150,000 and
succeeded to the business of the old com
pany, but did not assume any of its liabili
ties. The old company made an assign
ment on October 12, 1895, with liabilities
of $200,018 and actual assets of $73,22 L The
liabilities will not exceed $25,000 and the
company expects to pay in lull.
To Demand Reparation.
TANGIER, Morocco, April C— Soma
time ago the American Vice-Consul at
E!-Araish became involved in an alterca
tion with a Moorish soldier w;>o threat
ened to shoot the Vice-Consu!. The latter
made a formal complaint to the Consul
here, who in tun laid thf» matter before
the Department of State. The Consul has
just received instructions to demand re
paration irom the Sultan and a letter to
that effect has been forwarded to the
Capital.
Steinitz Hum !:•■•-,• ■• r -d.
LONDON, Exg., April (j — The Vienna
correspondent of the Daily News, tele
graphs that Steinitz, the chess-player, who
was recently released from an insane
asylum in Moscow, will play thirty con
secutive games at the Vienna Chess Club
on April 11. This is taken as further prodf
that Steinitz has completely recovered his
mental equilibrium.
Uruguay' i Jtnrohitton.
LONDON, Eng., April 6.-A dispatch
to the Times from Montevideo nlates that
the revolutionary movement in Uruguay
remains quiet. The Government has is
sued a decree ordering the immediate
mobilization of the OJOO guards of the
capital.
Mini*t?r MrKruzia Very 111.
LIMA, Peru, April 6.— The illness from
which United States Minister James A.
McKenzie has been suffering has devel
oped the most serious symptoms and at
tacKed the brain. To-day his physicians
have but little hope that he will recover.
Drpartur* of IHplom.it,.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 6.-Em
bassador Porter has arranged to leave for
Paris by tne steamship St. Paul from New
York May 5. Consul-General Osborne
will start for London by the same steam
ship.
Blanther as Forbes.
Captain Lees yesterday received the photo
graphs of Josef E. Blanthcr, the murderer of
Mrs. Philopena Langfeldt, taken at the jail in
Meridian, Tex., after the murderer's death by
poison. He also received a transcript of the
evidence at the inquest on Blanther's body
held by A. J. Stephens, Justice of the Peace for
Bosque County, and the finding of the jury that
he deceased was Josef E. Blanther, alias Ar
thur Forbes, and that he came to his death by
opium taken with intent to commit suicide.
Coptel of the Dallas papers were also received
containing interviews with A«nes Cameron,
the woman who married Blanther under the
name of Forbes at Little Rock, Ark. She said
that the poison taken by Blanther was an
Asiatic prescription which he had carried for
years. At the time ol her marriage she was
possessed of some means, but Blanther squan
dered her money and deserted her, leaving
her sick and penniless among strangers.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 7, 1897.
IMPRISONED ON
A CONVICT ISLE
George Kinkell Experiences
Saghalien's Tender
Mercies.
Escaped in a Fish Barrel A'ter
a Rough Time in Russia's
San Quentin.
Maie to Work and Eat With Felons.
A Tal? of Desertion and
Adventure.
A remarkable tale of adventure, or
rather misadventure, is related by George
Kinkell, an American, whose native en
terprise led him into tlie jaws of the Kus-
GEORGE KINKELL, the American, Who Escaped From Sagha
lien, the Russian Convict Island.
sian bear, whence he narrowly escaped.
The tale deals with whaling expedition*,
a desertion, capture by Russian soldiers,
incarceration among convicts, penal toil
and finally deliverance in a fish barrel by
the aid of friendly Japs.
In telling his story yesterday Mr. Kin
kell saiJ:
"I am a native of San F.anci ; co and a
citizen. I used to break nor.«es through
Napa County, out for the last five or six
yean I have been following the sea,
through the persuasion of J. Hunter, a
weu-known seal-taker.
"After several trips on Arctic expedi
tions, I shipped in February. 1«96, on the
Agnes McDonald, under Captain Pierce,
for the Berine Sea. We made some raid*
on Copper Island, which belongs to the
Russian coast. By some oversisht in
signing articles I found I was rated as a
'green hand,' instead of 'ab;e-fcodied.' and
was only entitled to $10 a month and a lu
cent lay, instead of $20 a month and a 25
--cent lay. This maUe me sore and I deter
mined to escape.
"In May. we put in at Sachalien Island,
the principal Russian convict settlement.
I thou'ht it was on the Russian mainland
and not far from Vlariivostock, v; hence I
thought I could easily ship, so I deter
mined to get away. After rilling the
water casks, a number of us were allowed
to go ashore on a hualing expedition, and
I slipped away ani remained in the woods
until the vessel >ailod.
"After breakfasting on hard tact and
corn beef, whicn I had brought with me,
I made my way toward smoke which I
found rose from the house of a Japanese
iisherman. As 1 could speak a little
Japanese, I «oon discovered that I was on
an island, and in hope of reaching civiliza
tion, prevailed on tne fisherman to take
me to the interior, where a short, dark
people called the Inos lived. Here was a
military station occupied by live P.u«sian
soldiers, who, after questioning me, placed
me under arrest.
"I was confined in a hut and fed on
black bread and soup, and at the end of
two and a half days was taken over the
mountains to a bi,' place called Karasa
kciff, where prisoners were engaged in
building fortifications. Ttie authorities
could not at first understand me, but.
through a Japanese, I explained that 1
had been accidentally left on the island.
The Kussians did not believe me, but sent
me by s'.eamer to the Governor of the
island, at a place called Aleiandros, 300
miles away. Before going I was trea>ed
as a prisoner, being ooiiged to get out
timber, eat black bread, potatoes and fish.
"I reached Alexandros in irons, and on
telling my story to the Governor, whose
name I did not learn, was informed that I
was a nihilist and a spy, hut that my case
would be investigated. I referred him to
American Consul Abercrombie at Na
gasaki, and in the meantime I was con
fined in the big pmon without work,
being given the freedom of the prison
yard.
"At the end of two weeks 1 complained
of the restraint and food, and was given
50 copecks or % a rouble a day and allowed
the freedom oi the town, having to get the
money every morninj from the Governor's
house and report every night before sun
down at the prispn. There were then
about 1400 convicts there, guarded by 800
soldiers.
"In tbe course of my weary walks about
I discovered a village of Japanese fisher
men near by, and they told me the Gov
ernor would never release me. But one
day a Japanese fishing- junk put in and I
recognized the captain as an old acquaint
ance of Nagasaki. He proposed that I
escape, and at his suggestion 1 stowed
away in a fish barret and was brought
safely to Nagasaki, whence Consul Aber
crombie enabled me to ship to Yokohama
and thence to Victoria, B. O.
•'After that I came down to San Fran
cisco, glad to escape thost* Russians and I
intend going to-morrow to Caiistoga."
COMPAHY K'S EXERCISES.
Vational Guardemen Who Show Trofl-
oiency in I>rill.
There was a large number of the friends
of Company X, First Infantry, Second
Brigade, Captain T. J. Cunningham com
manding, in the armory of the Nationals
last night to witness the members of the
company give &n exhibition of the phys
ical exercise witu arms.
This is a new exercise recently intro
dnced in the United Slates army and has
been practiced by the troops in the depart
ment of Missouri, and will soon be intro
duced in the department of California.
Captain Cunningham learned of this
new exercise, and becoming acquainted
with the movements instructed the men
of his command in them, and tbe exhibi
tion last night was the first given by a
company of the National Guard.
Owine to the contracted size or the drill
hall but thirty-two men could participate.
After a short drill in company movements
the men opened ranks and took positions
so as to form four lines.
At the word of command they grounded
arms, recovered, then removed b Us and
accouterments, recovered their p.ecas, and
from attention they obeyed the order to
port arms. Then they grasped the piece
w ith both hand, at tne upper end of the
stock and near the muzzle, and went
through a number of movements, keeping
time to piano music.
The movements, consisting of raising
the piece above the head, bringing it
down, thrusting it forward, and other?,
were executed with remarkable precision,
showing careful attention to instructions,
and the effect was very pretty. This ex
hibition, which lasted about twenty min
utes, won for the members of Company X
much applause.
Before dismissa I, Captain Cunnineham
presented to the winners the bars they
had won at the Sta;e shoot. The winners
of the second class are:
Lieutenant C. W, Seeley, Corporal J. L.
Utschig and Privates B. D. Hoffman and
E, Jackson. Third -class— Captain T. J.
Cunningham, Lieutenant E. D. Finley,
Sergeant N. Cohen, Sergeant P. D. Skill-
man, Corporals A. R. Farless and W. W.
Wrin, Privates E. Bruhke, P. S. Campana,
D. T. de liardini. \V. F. Hanly and E.
Schmalz. The buttons awarded to the
men who formed part of the team that
won the trophy from the Hawaiin Guards
men were then distributed.
SAN FRANCISCO SUITS OTIS SKINNER.
A bracing morning — not too early— a
good pair of trotters, a little chat, then I
heard California praised — praised as you
read in picture-books— praised by the
author, the picturesque, romantic actor,
Otis Ssinner.
Just entering the hair-way house, be
tween 30 and 40, Mr. Skinner has won
fame anil fortune singularly. Yet he
lakes it corneJy— no struts, no sniffs of
nose, no affectation. He is American,
glad he is, and deports himself as he is.
Said he, falling into the easy conversation
way: "Our climate in California cannot
be excelled the world over. We have the
best fruit, the best flowers, the best wine,
which is constantly getting a bigeer repu
tation. By the way, I want to tell you
that I am Interested in the success of this
California remedy called Joy's Vegetable
SILVER A FALSE
MONTE CRISTO
His Mines in : the Land
of the Incas Are
Dreams.
Crippled and Destitute, the Ro
mancer . Weeps ; Pitifully
in Jail.
He Was Once in San Qu?ntin, but
Was Pardoned by Governor :
Markkas.
George W. Silver, who has been making
great claims as a Peruvian Monte Cnsto.
lies in the City Prison charged in a gen
eral way with issuing a bogus check for
$2 and palming it off on his landlord, Ed
ward Strauss, of 1149 Mission street.
Silver's stories of fabuious gold mines
in the laud of the Incas created a great
deal of excitement in mining quarters,
particularly because there are mining men
here who know that rich deposits abound
in the regions named by Silver.
The man has no money now, and he
says his previous claims were jokes pure
and simple.
"I may be a dreamer," he said between
sobs, "but if laml am ati honest one. I
have not deceived any one to do him any
harm, and I be.ieve 1 can get caDital in
terested and make a fortune— provided
this arrest uas not spoiled it all. For ray
self I do not care so much, but I have a
boy 11 years old, and 1 am sorry on his
account," and the big. rough-looking man
wept copiously as i>e spoke.
Silver does not seem to be a dangerous
swindler. He is probably a Colonel Sel
lers with a lew drops of evil blood to add
a tinge of crime to his plans.
"I have been just where I say I've been,"
he said, "and I have deeds to mines there,
but I do not propose to surrender them to
the detective?. They are mine."
Silver was formerly a lawyer, practicing
in Alameda. He was arrested and tried
for presenting falm affidavits in a con
tempt case n: 1889, in a matter wherein
Georgn B. Tappan was interesied. He
was sentenced for five year-, went to Sun
Quentin on October 31, Ibß9, and was par
doned by Governor Marknam January 26,
1892. In 1889 he said he was 38 years old!
Speaking of his trouble in Aiamtda yes
teraay, he said: "I was not givan a fair
show. A previous jury acquitted me in
Juuge Gibson's court, but when I came be
lore Judge Greene it went the other way."
■N. W. Snow, a raining man at 330 Pine
street, met Sliver a year aco, at a time
when he (Snow) was looking lor a man of
means to join him and his brother in a
mining den . He says Silver pretended
10 havo $tio,ooo in bank, which he liad ob
tained irom a mine in Mexico.
"We spent a week preparing a contract
with him," -aid Mr." Snow, "and at the
last moment he quit negotiating, on the
flimsy pretext that he aid not know us.
He then disappeared for a long time and
arrived here a month or so atro, claiming
thai he had struck it rich. He made his
headquarters at our oflice and advertised
for a young lndy to go down to his mines
as Bookkeeper. He proposed to her and
she accepted with a proviso that saved
Sar.=aparilla. lam of the opinion that it
is a good way to advertise the State a3 a
'health resort.'
"Now, I have heard many people speak
of Joy's Vegetable Sarsapanlla, ana from
my own experience firmly believe it is
a fine spring remedy. I: seems to be
especially efficacious in acute dyspepsia.
Perhaps it would not be a bad idea to
advertise this Californian Sarsaparilla all
over the world. People nowadays are
getting to use these d fferent remedies.
The best families buy them and use them.
Now, if Joy's Vege:abie Sarsaparilla was
known all over the world people wonld
naturally speak more about California —
especially about its climate and its prod
ucts. I should really like to see the State
of California the Mecca for people seeking
& tine, sunny climate in winter. The
her. She was not to marry him unless he
could producs evidence of his wealth.'
Silver has no money. He is a cripple
and is shabbily dressed. He impresses
one as a weaK character rather than as a
bold bad man.
E. U. Dodge, who was one of a company
of men who intended goir.z to South
America to prospect for gold, said last
night: "Of course I know this man George
\V. Silver, and I and our part/ discovered
that he is about as fine a romancer as they
make.
"In the latter part of last January he
presented himsel i at the residence of Joe
Johnson Hyde street. You know Johns
used to be a serereant of police here, and
'left a short tims since with a company of
prospectors for South America, and must
be at Panama by this time.
'•Well, in the presence of Johns. John
Stafford, my brother. 11. B. Dodge, Mc-
Murty an ex- policeman,- Hat/an, Mc-
Cready, Waltz and about twenty more,
who were to form a comoany to search lor
gold, Silver told a story very similar to
that which he told a reporter for The
Call, and he laid particular stress upun
what he declared was an absolute fact,
and that was that pome one had in the
night stolen a 27-pound nugget from bis
s'.uicebox. He also told us that his cabin
was built on 3 placer claim, but that it
was washed away by a freshet, and that
when the water subsided he coulJ go ov.t
the placer and pick up sold by the hand
ful. It was a pretty story and he is a
plausible story-teller.
"After he had spun his yarn it set those
who heard it to thinking and discussing,
and afterward a quiet investigation was
started, and AlcMurty, who was the most
active in the matter, reported that the in
vestigation proved that it takes not less
than live weeks to reach the nearest point
to the place wbere the El Dorado is lo
cated. The name is a Spanish one and I
cannot recall it. It was also learned that
it took several days to reach the placer
from the landing point. In addition he
told us that he had been in the City for
some time 'buying hydraulic machinery
to work tne placer.'
"Since the published article appeared
it was ascertained that Silver could not
have had time to go to the point of disem
barkation, to say nothing of going to the
mine, and return to this City, and that is
why I and others nave come to tbe con
clusion that George W. Silver is a ro
mancer."
GRAND ARMY TOPICS.
Lively Semiion of George H. Thomas
Post— Ca«di dates for Department
Commander.
The attendance at the session of George
H. Thomas Post, G. A. R., last ni^ht «as
remarkably large. Department Com
mander T. C. Magteller and Henry C.
Dibble of hi« staff were welcomed as
guests. W. W. Stone of the Lincoln
Monument League was also present and
addressed the Post. Many other brief
but interesting speeches were made and
Commander John Tuttle presided with
grace and dignity.
Measures for the observance of Memo
rial day and topics touching the exercises
of Lincoln day in the schools were dis
cussed. It was announced that Liberty,
Meade and Garheid posts would join
Thomas Post in memorial exercises at
the National Cemetery, Presidio.
There will be one more regular meeting
of the dos t before the department encamp
ment convenes at Salinas. The indications
point to a large encampment attendance
this year. The railroad tare for the round
trip from San Francisco is $4 25.
Ddrinjr ihe recess ol Thomas Post last
evening the merits of candidates for De
partment Commaii'ier were discussed.
The talk was to the effect that General N.
P. L'hipman of Red Biuff would have
many active supporter?. Frank Miller of
Sacramento has also many stanch ad
nerents.
Tot,r •/ >tanfnT<l Stttd-nt*.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, CUi.., April
6. — A party is being organized to make the
rounds of Yellowstone Park next June.
It is to be a select pnrty under the patrcn
natural springs and parks of California
ar<; sufficient to give it prestige in the
world."
This was really very charming of Mr.
Skinner, and he said it in such a natural
way one could not help bnt be^ convinced
of his sincerity. He did not mince his
words. He spoke ol Joys Vegetable Sar
saj,arilla because he happened to use the
remedy nnd could vouch for it. He spoke
if California as a native, yet he is a New
England boy.
Mr. bkinner is to-day the leading young
American actor, and, in his special held
of romantic and Shakespearean roles, bids
fair to be the leading star in the world.
He is a college-bred roan, which goes to
show that college men j?et there just as
other men do— if they have tne insistence
and ability.
age of Stanford and Berkeley people, and
Dr. John C. Branner, professor ol geoloty
in Stanford University, will accompany
the tourists and deliver a series of evenine
lectures on the peology of the part. Many
teachers from over the State will, while
on their way to attend the Milwaukee
meeting of the National Educational Asso
ciation, take this opportunity to seethe
Yellowstone under such favorable con
ditions.
Santa Clara* JCleetion.
SANTA CLARA, Cal., April 6— The
town election yesterday resulted as fol
lows: Town Trustees— J. J. Miller, J. C.
McPnerson; School Trustees — D. Hender
son, G. W. Fowler, L. Kimberlin; Clerk,
Emil G. Hirscb; Treasurer, L. W. Stan-;
Marshal; J. A. Lovell. -
KING OF ALL.
That is loud praise, but the
great specific for all kinds of
\ nervous. debility that is , owned
alone by the celebrated doctors
of the Hudson Medical Institute
deserves to be called King, for it
is all-conquering. ' It's known as
! "Hudyan," and as well as being
so strong and swift in action it
is perfectly harmless.
TO-DAY
You may be a weak, halt-para-
| lyzed mortal, shivering, blue and
; fit to fall in the street, but this
i grand remedy can do what no
I other remedy can— stop the mis-
{ chief in a month. Drains do
I cease in ten days — indeed they
DO — and life, light and full, un-
| utterable joy come back like sun-
shine after rain. Try it at once,
and then you will be one more
voice added to those who sing
"The only thing
IS HUDYAN."
You have but to write to the Insti-
tute or call there and you will be
given convincing , proof of what this
grandest of all remedies can do. ..'Write
for circular*. a If you suffer from hut
form of blood poisoning the "30-day
blood cure " will be found to be as
firm and . true a friend to - you as is
••Hudyan." The" great doctors give
their 'advice free, too. and as you
surely want to live act wisely and act
to-day.
| Hudson Medical Institute
j Market, Ellis and Stockton Sts.,
. . " fcAN FRANCISCO. CAL. "j
THE
WEEKLY
GALL
--;: \ ... ■ • _•:■■■ -• •
c/ It Publishes i\/e Cream ;of th»
erf News of the Week and
<=X MANY. ATTRACTIVE AND
©< ' ORIGINAL FEATURES.
ol
<=*, IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY ■
C< PAPER ON THE '
cx PACIFIC COAST
3 Always Republican but Always
<D Fair and Impartial in Its
W Rendering of the Po- "*"
■q). litical News.
©A It's the . Paper to Send East If
o/ ■ You Want to Advertise
oc California.
°S The Best \ /Mining •"
ex Telegraphic \/ News That „-
-01 Service on / /\ Is Accurate
cJ The Coast / \& up to data,
oc \ . M
°\ Not a Line of it Sensational •
°^ or Faky, and Not a Line of
°\ it Dry or Uninteresting.
5 A PAPER FOR THE COUNTRY FIRESIDE.
J Bright, Clean, j A Champion of
OC Thoughtful. Truth. r-
-3 ; A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPCI
J ALL THE TIME.
°) IT ADVOCATES SENT BY
©< HOME ; MAIL, $130
o) INDUSTRIES A YEAR.
3 THE CALL SPEAKS FOR All
jgjqlafitßragMtojt Successor to Dit 1..\1
BSSfIKT' ' .KaSSflfcAi V Canton MK*c»i at -t'ol.
W^Hpff|BßßHfflßj' I'anton Medlca. Col-
»fc#'^ "^Ng%jffßißt< l«"ge. after » very sue-
V ceBs^ ul practice of
V^, ygjfr many years in China,
'£pNijs% &&* " a 9 lo aird in baa
- [///■'■/ "\~ ft -Francisco. The «m- "
- {//Ajl* n >*Jf - prising and «n«rve:oa»
IffeßSlLj' 1/ cures effected by his
S»«»5Js« ti ' herbs demonsti*ta
" JC$S»"%'/\ X .' ' their potence and his
'jttttfcJ^ V. BK.il. These herbs
s£\. Cure over 400 differ*- n -
-fJBJOw-^Xjr^ diseases, me udim
" Bright* Disease, Div
* tn-tM, Consumption
-_ *■ " «_-■•■ — -\.-. -■■ .■'-■■ Asthma, Paraivni.' "«
Brain. Cancers. Tumors, Blood, i Male £&
Female Maladies All person* afflicted wkn aor "
kind of malituy whatst »re invuea to cat! "
;' Office. 727 Washington Street} n + .SEE YUPS
CENSURED
Consul Fung Yung Heng
Returns From Wash
ington.
BESTED THE MERCHANTS'
DEPUTATION.
Kneeled to the Minister, Who
Related to Them Their
Misdeeds.
THEY ALL MUST CBEY THE LAW
OR SUFFER.
Awaiting the Installation of tn.9 N.-w
Minister, Who I» Opposed to
the Sam i'ups-
Fung Yung Heng, Consul-General of the
Pacific Coast lor the Emperor of China,
and Vice-Consul King Owyang, who went
lo Washington several weeks ago for the
purpose of interviewing the Chinese Min
ister, Yang Yu. on the condition and
future prospects of the Ohin«e colonies of
America, returned to this City last even
ing.
During the Consul's visit at Washington
a deputation of Chinamen, members of
the See Yud Company, with Joseph C.
Campbell, attorney-at-law, arrived in that
city to lay their grievances before the
Minister.
The deputation sought the advice of the
Minister and implored him to assist them
in casting off the "chains of oppression"
with which the Sam Yups baa manacled
them. .
The merchants obtained an audience
with the Minister, but every appeal nnd
proteslation on their port was listened to
by the man accused of oppression, Fung
Yune Heng, and he, assisted by King
Ovvyang, presented a defense so pregnant
with fact and reason that it almost
resulted in the disruption of the great
See Yup company. The merchant* re
mained an hour and a hal: before the
Minister on bended knees and according
to the statements of Fung Yung Heng
were roundly censured for there own mil
deeds and warned against transgressing
the law-* of the United States.
Undaunted, however, they sent back
a flattering report of th-ir success,
and a banquet was given in this City a
lew days ago on the receipt ol the cood
news, while congratulati ;is swam in
chxmpagneand sam shu — a very potent
mixture for Mongolian brains.
The expense or the excursion, likewise
of thft banquet, are to be paid by Chinese
merchants, and the air of Chinatown is
now stuffy with complaints regarding the
puncely manner in "which the members
of the delegation have b?en disporting
themselves in Washington. If they have
to go a block they take a carriage, for cere
mony to the utmost verge of punctilious
ness is the leading characteristic of the
Cninese. Then they must have a large
re;inue of servants in order to impress the
Chinese Minister with the fact that they
represent the "solid Muldoonery 1 ' of the
California Chinese. Naturally their bills
were very high, and there is much discon
tent in yellow circles here because of that
fact, and merchants are raising a loud
protest against paying them.
They are practical people and they ob
ject to pnying money for the purpose of
impressing" a Chinese Minister when his
successor is already on the way here, and
is expected to arrive on the Gaelic, which
is dus next Saturday. If the present Min
ister has been bribed to favor either lac
tion, they argue, what good will it do
when he is going 10 be deposed? He will
then have no authority or weight what
ever, and the whole thing will have to be
done over again. "What's the use of
rucking two bites of a cherry?" they ask.
When the new Minister shall have been
installed in Washington they say that he
will put another man in the place of the
Consul-General in San Francisco. There
i« cause for much rejoicing among the See
Yups, for the new Minister comet from
their district, and is natnrally<supposed to
be in svmpaihy with them. He is, there
fore, expected to appoint as Consul-Gen
eral ai mis port a friend of the See Yup«.
"The reports and statements of great
■uccess on the part of the See Yup aeputa
lion which recenilv visitea Washington
are erroneous." said Fung Yung Heng
through King Owyang, who acted sa bis
interpreter, last evening.
"An audience was granted the mer
chants, it is true, but after the Minister
hart listened to tier statements he in
formed them that he was fully aware of
the important part the See Yup Company
played in the recent trouble in
Bin Francisco. He demanded the
commission of certain lawful acts on its
par: before he would assist :t, or intervene
in behalf of relatives of its members in
China who are incarcerated, or whose
prorerty had Deen taKen from them owing
to the murders and crimes charged to the
See Yup Company and its tongs.
"F:r-t the Minister demanded that the
Bee Yap Company no longer enfore tbe
boycott againxt tae Sam Yup?, winch is
the acknowledged keystone to rait and
present difficulties. Second, the gee
Yups were told to dismiss the suit
.•gainst the Consul-General, Fung Yung
Heng, for his having ordered the demoli
tion of the See Yup headquarters several
months ago. Third came ihe worst blow
of all. The Minister at fi'si demanded
the disruption of the See Yud Company.
This was too much, and the merchant*,
bowing lower and lower, implore 1
and t ezged that their society be allowed
to exist. Tbe Minister finally consented,
buio^lyon the understating that the
See Yups cast aside certain unlaw
ful sections of their by - laws.
The Minister next demanded that
the See Yups pay the court costs
incurre I in the stiit instituted against the
Consui-Genera). On a plea of poverty
being advanced by the merchants, how
ever, the Minister anain acquiesced, and
the Government of China will assume the
expense of the suit which wiil now be
abandoned."
Charged. Hith Iraitx ltobbury.
OMAHA. Nebr.. April 6.— The Union
Pacific Railway has caused the arrest of
the second man, Thomas Hobbs, charged
with the Utah train robbery. He. with
James True, the first man arrested, were
taken to Ogdcn. Both were aischarged
employes.
Colorado's Extra Station.
DENVER. Colo.. April 6.— An extraor
dinary session of the Legislature con
vened this morninc to consider the ap
propriation bill. The session will last
three days.
Wr*ck of a Jlrttith Steamrr.
LONDON. Ekg., April 6.— The British
steamer Grantor Burn side has been
wrecked off Boa Vista, Portugal. Three
of the ship's company were drowned.
. 4»
ROME, Italy, April 6.— Three interpel
lations regarding the new American tariff
were submitted to-day to the Chamber of
Deputies. .■■..-.
Great Enthusiasm Prevailed at the Opening Gathering of Christian End;avorers at the Parlors
of the First Congregational Church.
RALLY OF
ENDEAVORERS
Local Members the Guests
of tha First
Church.
MANY BRIEF AND WITTY
TALKS.
Several Hundred Successfully
Entertained at the Ban
quet Board.
ALL THE NECESSARY MONEY
STJBICRIBSD.
Seme of the Important Features ct
the Internationa Convention
Announced.
At the First Congregational Church last
i night was opened the series of endeavorer
I entertainments preliminary to tie inter
! national convention of tbe Christian En
j deavor Societies to be held in this City.
] Tbe evening was enjoyably spent at ban
quet, with the customary post-prandial ac
companiment of brief and witty remarks.
All the local societies, which comprise
Golden Gate Union, participated, and the
affair was a marked success in every re-^
spect.
The spacious lecture-room was filled
with tables well laden with temptinc re
freshments ants decorated with California
porpies, the floral emblems of the con
vention of 1897. Ahout 300 sat atout the
festive board. The ceiling and walls were
almost entirely concealed hy the rich and
i contrasting festoons of purple and yeilow,
the colors of the convention of 1397.
The banquet began at 6:30 p. m., and it
was nearly" 10 o'clock when she u-uests re
luctantly an«l regretfully dispersed.
TLe speeches were limited to three
minutes, and a warning gong sounded
time, to the repeated merriment oi
speaker and auditors alike. '1 lie affair was
under the auspices oi the Endeavor so
ciety of the First Church, ana among the
guest* were the leading Endeavorers of
| the City, prominent business and pro
i fessional men ana people interested in
Christian Endeavor work.
Rev. George C. Adams, pastor of the
! First Church, acted as toastmaster. In
opening the post-prandi;il exercises he
spoke of the work of the Endeavorers In
ceneral. and on concluding introduced
| Rolla V. Watt, chairman ot the '97 com
mittee of airangeraent?. Mr. Watt dis
! coursed on the coining convention. J. S.
! Webster, vice-chairman ot the ' 97 commit
-1 tee, entertained the guests for the allotted
| three minutes and was followed by C. F.
, Baker, chairman of the finance committee.
Mr. Uaker confined himself to the finan-
cial phase of the big convention an. l re
porter! the entire amount required—s2s,
--00 been pieilged, the largest »ub-
being the societies of Golden Gate
Union, which contributed $5000, ai;d the
societies of Alnmeda County UnioD,
which were down for $"2500.
Dr. R. L. Lydon spoke of the work of
i the reception committee, U B. Perkins of
I the decorations for the coming conven
tion, and Dr. K. E. Kelly also made some
appropriate remarks.
Miss Gregg sang in a very creditable
manner a sonn especially composed for
the convention and entitled 'Golden Poo
pies."
Rev. William Rader became humorous
for the occasion, and the speaking was
continued by Parcell Rowe, pres.dent of
Golden Gate Union, andotheia.
An outline of the programme of the six
teenth international convention of the
Christian Endeavor societies was rece ved
in this City yesterday. It will open
Wednesday night, July 7, with meetines
in in of the largest churches of San Fran
cisco, and one meeting each in Oakland
and Alameda.
Thursday morning welcome meetings
will be held in the Mechanics' Pavilion
and in Woodward's Pavilion. At these
Thursday morning sessions, beside* the
addresses of welcome and suitable re
sponses. President Clark trill deliver his
annual address and General Secretary
! Baer will present his annual report. Hi's
Honor James D. Pheian, Mayor of San
Francisco, and his Excellency J. H. Budri,
Governor of California, are expected offi
cially to voice the welcome of the City and
State.
Thursday afternoon will be given up to
denominational rallies, and tnentv or
more of the chnrches of San Frnncisco
will be used for these important meetings.
Thursday evening the tope of Christian
citizenship will be presented in various
addresses.
FriJay morning will be Given up to a
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 7, 1897.
"school of methods" in t 1 c various
churches in this City. There will be a
junior and intermediate society workers'
conference held in one of the churchei
| Friday morning and afternoon.
Fr day evening the subject of Christian
Endeavor fellowship will be discus-ed.
At this session a larjre nurr^berof foreign
• delegates will be introduced.
Saturday mornni in Woodward's Pa
vilion the State secretaries are to be htard
from in a symposium on the topic "How
May We Make tiie Committee Work in
i Local Societies More Effective." In the Me
j chanics' Pavilion S:ate presidents will be
! invited to offer brief practical suggestions
! on "How Can We Interest the Young
Peop c and Pastors in the Organization or
,lun or and Intermediate Societies?" Then
will iollow greetings from the officers and
trustees of the United Society ot Christian
Endeavor.
In each auditorium Treasurer Shaw will
speak upon the topic, "The United Society
of Christian Endeavor: What It Is and
: How It Works."
At the adjournment of the morning pps
: sions in t:,e itto auditoriums, the Eo
; deavorers will proceed 10 Vsn Ness
I avenue, where an op^n-air demonstration
i will tate place. Four speakers' stands
j will be erected, op.p in each of four con
i necting blocks. The afternoon and even
ing will be given over to social functions
yf one kina and another.
Sunday morning the Endeavorers will
attend the regular church services, and
the pulpits will be occupied by visiting
I clergymen. In tho afternoon there wnl
' be three meetings of great importance —
in Mechanics' builuing an evangelistic
meeting for men oily, to be ad
dressed by evangelists and ministers; in
Woodward's Pavilion a meeting for
women only; in the First Cougrega
! ttonal Church a meeting for ministers and
; church officers lor the deepening of the
! bpintual life. In the evenine will be the
reeuiar Christian Endeavor prayer-meet
ings, to be fohowed by tho preaching ser
vice* in all the churches, addresses to be
delivered by visiting delegates.
Monday morn.ne the time will be given
i to the evangelistic and missionary influ
; ences of Christian Endeavor. The a^ter
| noon will be given up to a second "'school
iof methods." The Junior rally comes off
i r>n Monday afternoon in the Mechanics'
j Pavilion. Theclosine sessions of the con
j veniion will he held Monday night i.i the
, Mechanics' Pavilion and Woodward's Pa
vilion.
Every morning, from 6:30 until 7:15,
! prayer-meetings will be held — six in San
j Francisco and one in Oakland.
Professor H. L. Willet of Chicago has
been selected to conduct one hour of Bible
I atuuy every morning from 8:30 to 9:30.
h very noon, from 12 ">o 1, evangelistic
services will be held in the California
Theater and in the Emporium.
At the name hour bands of delegates
will visit factories, wharves, streetcar sta
tions and other places and busy centers
av(\ hold evangelistic meetings.
The iocal music comnutiee la San Fran
cisco is making exen^ive plans for pro
i viding competent leaders and choirs tor
the musical feaiuresot the proeramme.
In each auditorium the singing will be
. led by a large choir of not less than live
, hundred trained voices.
Excursions are now being outhned by
: the San Francisco committee an.i the de
i tail* will be sent out la'er, and will in
j elude visits to Ala ki, Yellowstone Park,
; Yosemite Valley, Phcttic Grove, Del Monte,
: Monterey, Santa Cruz. Mount Hamilton
.(Lick Observatory), Pjlo Alto (Stanford
■ University), Mount Tamalpais, th<» Gey
; sers. Big Trees. Napa and Sonoma Valley.
It is also hoped tbat arrangements may
be made tor excursions out from Los An
-1 peles to Santa Barbara, Redondo, Santa
■ Monica, Long Beach, San Dieco, River-
I side, Redlands, Pasa lena. Echo Mountain
and to all the orange, olive and lemon
growing sections.
CARRIED THE DOG.
General Nathaniel T. James' Kindly
A < Toward an Irjured Little
Fox Terrier.
General Nathaniel T. James, manager
of the local branch of the Alliance Assur
ance Company of London, is deserving of
a medal from th« Society lor the Preven
tion of Cruelty to Animals.
The insurance man is an ardent horse
man and often takes a rids along the
ocean beach accompanied by a handsome
little fox terner that holds a scarcely less
exalted place in his affections than his
horse.
On Monday he took his usual ride with
a co'tple of friends, the merry terr.er
dancing aiong ahead.
Suddenly mere was a yelp of pain from
the do.: as one of the horses and stepped
on it.
Genera! James was out of bis saddle in
a moment, and found that the iron-shod
hoof hud cut two of the terrier's legs to
the bone. Blood was streaming from the
wounds, but the dog's owner took it up in
his arms and, not being ablo to carry the
little thing comfortably on horseback,
turned his animal over to one of his
friends and walked through the park to
where he could get a car and reach the
Citr.
People stared to see the man carrying a
wounded dog in his arms, but they appar
ently understood the case, for they smiled
sympathetically and several inquired how
the accident had happened.
The horseman's riding suit was ruined
before he reached n veterinary surgeon,
■out he feels repaid from tho fact that the
dog is out of danger.
Chief Crowlry Recovered.
Chief Crowley has almost completely recov
ered from the serious attack of ptomaine
poisoning, and will be at his office to-day. lie
was able to sit np a.l yesterday aiiernnon. The
attack was h severe one while it tested, but the
Chiei'< poweriui coastitutioa puUed hira
ihroiigU.
WILL WORK FOR
THE CHILDREN
California State Sunday-
School Association
Convenes.
More Than Four Hundred Dele
gates Who Will Lebor in
ihe Cause.
Work Mapped Out for the Three
Days* S-ssion at the First
Baptist Church.
The California State Sunday-school
Association held the first session of its
thirtieth annual convention at the First
Baptist Church, on £ddy street, last even
ing. Over 400 delegates were present,
representing n!I the various Sunday
schools thronghout the State. The con
vention it to last three days and there
will be a morning, afterrfoon and evening
session daily.
The young people of the First Baptist
Church, keenly aiive to the importance of
:he convention ar.d the creat and la-tin B
gnod which may be accomplished by its
efforts, s-pent the greater part of the day
yesterday in beautifying the altar and
chancel of the church.
Henry Morton of San Jose, president of
the association, presided, and seated on
either side of him were the speakers of the
evening. Although the work of the open
ing session was largely preliminary in
character it gave evidence of the gr^at
and good wort planned and the splendid
results which are sure to follow.
The first work of the convention was
the sending of a telegram, expressing sin
i cere condolence to the widow of Moore
! Heskelh of Woodland. Deceased was sta
tistical secretary of the association.
Alter a Scriptural reading, third chap
ter, F.r*t epistle of St. John, by .Miss Ida
! Clayton, Rev. Mr. Van IKne of San Jose
:o maily opened the convention with a
prayer.
D. If. Carman delivered the address of
welcome. His opening sentence, in which
he referred to the greatness turust upon
, him, showed his appreciation of ihe dis
tinguished honor. His sr>e«»ch was earnest
and strai^htiorward. H:s greeting was
hospitable and gracefully put. "ifwedo
imt deliver to you the keys of the City we
i off -r you the keys to our hearts ami our
homes'" — a sentence that showed the true
wpirh of those present to greet the stran
ger uuest.
Mr. Carman introduced the subject of
the waifs of the City— the desolate chil
dren "knowing neither home, church nor
! GoiJ."
Rev. E. R. Dille delivered the address
of welcome on behalf of the churches.
The reverend gentleman, while admitting
the C.ty was not so pious as we could
wish, declared we were not quite so bad
as some delignt to paint us. He referred
to the lofty aims oi the convention and
assured the delegates a hearty welcome
from the church a* well as the City.
Responses were made by Judge J. If.
Haven of Oakland and Rev. H. A.
Ketcham, D.D., of Berkeley. Professor
EL M. Humui of Illnois concluded the
evening's programme with tits "Tidings
From the Field," in which he told of tlie
ever-growing work of the convention
throughout the United State*.
The programme for to-day is as follows:
Morning service, led br Oliver C. Miller;
appointment 01 committees and reports
topic. "Laying the KoumJution," Miss Susie F*
Abbott. "Primary Work," Mrs. A. \V. Bush
"Conversion of the Cniia," Miss M. M. Crone
miller. M.D.; "Drawiug the Net," irofessur
11. M. lUu.i.l.
Afternoon — Devotional exercises, led by
Key. W. B. Jsoble; topic, '•Iniermeiiidte
Work." 'Tnat Resuess Boy— How to Interest
Him." Rev. \V. W.Scudder; "The Unlearned
Lesson and the Remedy," R*7. L. L. Wirf
"That Miss'ng Kickei," Robert fctuart;
"Summing Up," Pro:essor Hamili.
Evening— Muss-meedug; t..p c, "The Sun
day-school the Hope of the Church." Praise
servic-, led by Rev. R. S. Cannne, DD ;
! prayer, Moore Hesketa ; address, "The Cotir-
I age-on* Cnristian," Rev. E. Median, D.D :
adare.<s, "The churcn and trie Child," Rev"
A. B. Banks, D.I) ; s >10, Miss Maybelle Morse;
aidress, "The Morning Cometh," Proiehtor
Uaniill.
SERVICES FOR GREECE.
Special Prayers That the Nation Prove
Worthy of Its Fast.
By special consent of Bishop Nicholas
the Greek element of the Greek-Russian
Catholic Church was given the mornine
hour yesterday.
fbe services consisted of a brief re
ligious ceremony, being* prayer for the
•uccess of the Greeks. The priest in
charge was a Greek, recently irom Alaska,
and the attendance consisted very largely
of the GreeKs oi the City, but many re
mained away because of the attitude of
tue Russian Government in tue present
crisi?. The tone of the devotions was
quite patriotic and the prayers asked
tnat Providence make the Greeks worthy
of the independence declared in 1819.
SCIENCE AND ART
TOOK THEIR TURN
A New, Imposing, Three-
Story Structure on
Post Street.
Wonderful Electrical ApplianC3s
and Telephonic Sys
tem.
The San Francisco Gs and Electric
Company E?tab ished in Its
New Quarters.
The plant and property of ths San
Francisco Gaslight Company and of the
Ellison Light and Power Company have
been sold to a new corporation known as
the San Francisco Gas and Electric Com
pany- The change hns been inaugurated
by the construction of a palatial three
story stone and brick building at 415 Post
street, above Powell.
The offices of the old companies have
been translerred to the new quarters, and
the business transacted hereafter will be
at tue new address.
The presiient cf the new company is J.
B. Crockett; the secretary, "William G.
Barrett. The board of directors is com
posed of President J. B. Crockett, G. W.
Prescott, Adam Grant. Levl Strauss,
Daniel T. Murphy, J. Downey Harvey, A.
H. Payson, Jumes B. Stetson, \V. F.
Whittier, C. E. Green and P. J. Donahue.
The new building of the corporation is
one of winch tiny City migut well feel
proud. On the principle that a diamond
scarfpin may serve a useful purpose as
well ai to adorn, it has been constructed
in the most magnificent style of modern
art.
Viewed from the front it looms np as a
three-stcry stone strnciure, the two upper
stories being finished in huff brick with
terra-cotta trimmings. Tlie basement
and mam floor are in Raymond granite.
The main floor is partitioned off into sep
arate offices for seven bookkeepers, with
ciusks for collectors and a large office near
Hie central part for the cashier's depurt
ment. Ibe entire finish of this floor is in
Flemish oak, highly polished, with brass
counter-rails and a mosaic floor.
Opening from the cashier's department
is the spacious casii vault. In it the books
of the concern are kept. So perfect is tne
mechanism that a book weighing '.jv pounds
can oe hauled forth with Uo fingers.
Above the vault proper is another vault
17 feet long, in which books and records
are kept.
In tne front of the building on the main
floor ami at the tight of the entrance is
the president's Olfice, titled in modern
style, wuh the secretary's in the rear of it
and the stenographer's room adjoining.
The office and lavatories arc finished in
quartered oak. The wainscoting of tne
lower floor is of Tennessee marble.
T.e c is one elevator in tte building, a
Fraser. Under the compartment for pas
sengers is oi:e for freignt.
On tne second lloor, and directly over
looking Post street, is the board of
directors' room. This room is finished in
Flemish oak. Handsomely carpeted, v it li
iarpe portraits of past officers adorning the
walls.
Ai the eastern end is a fireplace, built to
give a Greek temple effect, it reaches to
•.lip ceiling. The capitals of the columns
are lonic. Midway Detween the floor and
ceiling is a French-plate mirror. Pendant
from the ceiling in t c center of the room
is a beautiful chandelier.
Engineer Jones' room is on the north
west corner o! the second floor. It is a
well-equipped engineer's office, finished
iv whue cedar, and ornamented al*o with
a beautiful carpet and chandelier.
Back of the engineer's oilioe is the room
for the use of the engineer's clerks, in
which all the accounts of the manulacture
of gas are kept. In a room to the rear are
kept the maps of the City containing the
location ot street mains and lamp-posts
and a card catalogue of all the meiers in
u^e. Tlie street-iamp burners, are tested
in this room to insure their burning the
proper amount of gas.
The electric-li^ht part of the establish
ment is in the rear of the second story
and under the charge of Mr. Green. Con
nected with it are tne roorus of nis corps
o! assistants and clerks. At the extreme
rear is a small room, handsomely fur
nished, for the use of the president when
he desires to be at leisure or indulge In
thought undisturbed.
On the third floor, over the room re
served for the u»e of the board of direct
ors, is a large room extending tne whole
engthof the building. It is reserved for
use only on special occasion-. Directly
back of this apartment and to tne west
side of the structure fa the room of tne en
gineer's assistants and draughtsmen.
To the rear of it is the book.-oom, which
will be finished with cases containing
books and stationery arranged in regular
order. Next to this is tiie room occupied
by the bill c'erks of the ges department.
Adjoining it i* a small room for the use of
the.bill clerks at luncheon.
In the basement is the gas stove depart
ment. Here are kent samples of every
known appliance for heating and cooking
with eas. It is reached by steps directly
from Post street, and is under charge of a
manager who will be pleased to extend
every courtesy to those wishing to inspect
the samples.
The company attempts to make no pro
fit on these goods, but keeps them merely
to accommodate patrons and encourage
the use of tras.
The storekeeper's office is also in the
Lfwment. The storeroom has all the spe
cip.l fittings for gas and electric applances.
such as stoves, heater* and supplies.
in the rear of the basement is the meter
department, in which ah complaints, such
as leaks and stoppages, are attended to.
Near it Is the teamster's room, where an
orders are attended to by telephona. There
is room enough in the rear of the building
for a double team to turn easily.
The whole building is bented with the
Perfection asbestos grate. For very cold
weather a furnace in the basement, with
pipes leading to all the principal offices, is
brought into requisition.
One of the most marvelous features of
this new building is iis telephone system.
Ttiere are ten telephones operated by
what is known as the l\ou->e system.
Thus the president or any of liter picKs his
transmi;ter off the book, and by giving
the appropriate number, such as one or
ten, can speak with any department in
t*;e building.
Switches can be made to the local or
the Sunset telephone system at will. By
a private-systi-m of underground copper
wires any of ti.e telephones can be con
nected with the company's buildings at
North Beach and other parts of the City.
One small room is devoted to the exclu
sive use of the telephone j;irl, who ri.ids
her time well occupied in attending to
switch; s.
The officers when in a hurry can sum
mon any of their assistant* simply by
pushing the proper button of a series on
the desk.
Much credit is doe Architect Clinton
Day, under whose direction ail tne inte
rior arrangements were carried out. But
to Presiden; Crockett himself must be
Civen tuo credit for a vast deal of the ar
rangements and suKgestions for labor
saving devices. Much of his time was
spent in personal supervision.
The great Mohammedan school at Cairo,
Azhar, meaning ■ "The Splendid.';, Has
clear records dating as far back us 975.
1 __. v _ r^_^_^_ '-1-"- .' - NEXT TO-DAY \
nLJE \&*f 3 IB t^Mnw £^Hi
Ye are neither hot nor cold I will, etc., etc We find it necessary since the days of
adversity have been spread over this town (a city possessing more natural advantages
than any other on the continent) to lay aside all whims and oddities and be
*UflT-''ftl.l TUP THAU
HOT ON THE TRAIL
for business. W» leave nothing undone that we know how to do, and we do nothing
that should be left undone, that is honorable and businesslike to secure trade enough
to meet our expenses and keep about us our large force of wilting workers.
We sell cheap because we buy cheap, and not bee use we are losing money or
having clearance sales. It is a regular every-day business with us to give the best
values we can afford in every line.
THINGSJTO EAT.
Cranberries .19^c
Fresh Cape' Cod. ih» last wp cart give you
this season at »ny i) Ice. Th»y are beau'llvs
and will sell right out at this figure.
China Ciin^er 3Oc
formerly sold for 75 cen:«. Others cc:
nea'ly that now for th* quality we offer.
Look fora raise nndt-r tariff-reform prices.
Olives— Quarts. 35c
Very jnncy imported. Cannot be aur-
paned anywhere nor equaled at less than
50 cents. Try them.
Spices— Whole lOc
Kither Sifted Pepper or best Zanzibar
Cloves will co out for »«-:.i> now at ih«
unheard-of price as above. Get supplied
to-day.
Candy— 9 lbs for 15c
Thi.T .s our celebrated Broken Candy. We
•fk you osry il Price is right, and so Is
the candy.
SPECIALS.
Sliced or grated Plneapp'e. 8c
Lemon Cllne Peaches finest parked 8c
Sliced Apriiois. ready tor cream. 80
P:um Butter, few cases left 80
1 omatoes, Lily Cream. 3-lb sizs 8c
I Maine Corn, fancy brand. 8c
Alaska expeditions should try us for food, clothing, tents, tools— everything.
C*mp life happy and profitable. We have everything to make it so.
Lunches from 15c to $1. See special notice in "Home Circle," mailed free.
Discount given on quantity purchases— 2 to 4 per cent. Ask for it.
Shipping goods everywhere is our specialty. Tell your out-of-town friends.
40-page April Pries List ready, free for the asking. Send address.
jff& j^^y S*~' — "^•y^CpaW^ » SSNEm^^Rfif ("?w^ Tas? KiW fSX SH^LI^V **" —
m^P STORE,
"^j^^^ y MARKET ST.. NEAR FERRY.
DOCTOR WE ANY,
Whose Reputation Is Established by Ten
Years of Unparalleled Success at
737 Market St., San Francisco.
VIGOR and VITALITY 10
The country is filled with broken-down men, men who are wrecks of physical
and mental manhood. The cause of this alarming increase in the decline of mental
and physical vigor is the abuse of nature's laws. When the abuse of the system
causes a waste of vital forces beyond nature's power to repair it there occurs a
gradual undermining of health and strength, which results inevitably in a total
breakdown if not at ended to in time. If you are afflicted with any form of weakness
or impotency resulting from errors of youth, excesses or other causes and wish to be
cured consult this great specialist without delay. His system of treatment and the
remedies he uses are new and original with him and cannot be obtained elsewhere.
The salutary effects of the treatment are noticed at once and vigor and vitality are
speedily and permanently restored to weak men.
NERVOUS DEBILITY S^tiS^S
cialty. This distinguished doctor's success in
cases of this character nas been really phe-
nomenal.
V(H \ii MPiV If you are troubled with nieht
lirlilu illDll. emi-ajons,exhausUns drains,
pimple.«, bashfuiuess avers. on ■to society,
atupiduess, despondency, loss of energy, am-
bition and self-consciousness, which deprive*
you of your manhood and absolutely unfits
you for study, business or marriage— lf you
are thus i filleted you know the cause. Get
well and be a man.
MIDDLE-AGED MD.OLD IP, £«£
of you troubled with weak, achine backs and
kidneys ; irequciit, i>ainiui uriunt.oti and >edi-
metit in untie; impotence or weakness of
sexual organs, nnd otner unmistakable signs
of nervous debility ar.d premature decay.
Many de of this difficulty, ignorant of the
cause, which is the hecond stage of seminal
weakness. The most obstinate cases of this
character treated with unfailing success.
I l!)!i<\ H you are suffering from persistent
b:ll'lli>\ headaches, painful menstruation,
leucorrhaea or whites, intolerable itching, dis-
placement of the womb, or any other distress-
ing ailment peculiar to your sex, you should
call on DR. KWEANY without delay. He
cures when others fail.
• F. L. SWEANY, M.D., 73
STRONG tGl^
THE ANAPHRODISIC, V
From PROF. DR. RICORD of Paris is the
only remedy for restoring strength under
guarantee, and will bring back your lost
rowers and stop forever the dangerous
drains on your system. : They act quickly,
crea'e a healthy digestion, pure, rich
blood, firm muscles, rugged strength,
steady nerves ana clear brain. Imported
direct from Paris. Price per box, direc-
tions inclosed, ?2.50. 'For sale by all ' re-
spectable druggists. Mailorders from any
person shall receive prompt' attention.
For sale by Dr. V. Condor/, ( 460 Quincy
Building, Chicago. .
\wSSJSsS 'market S-T.S.F.^Si/
» -■
THINGS TO WEAR.
Infants' Shirts lOc
These are a fine cream Shirt, fleeced, Ilka
, job pay 25 cents for at cndlt stores; sizes
to S years or over.
Infants' Shoes... .......
Lit tin beauties, pink, bine, white: sizes 1
ti4: good many ntylea; 5W to 75 cents on
- bsr.;ain counters elsewhere.
I .:i <i i " Shoes 85c "
.These are nil 2%. 3. 3%. An excellent
school shoe lor Dig girls. All widths at this *
price now; worth $2 50 to 51. only trouble,
they are plain toe.
Wool Hose lOc
The b-st value in Girls' or Bors' Black
"Wool Hose, heav ribbed: ail sizes from 5
to bVa: a- bit grade. L- '?;/-.•;-
Sailor Hats ....13c
Fancy braid, sncli as you will be asked 50
cents for in many places. We can trim
them nicely at small cost.
~~~~ SPECIALS.
Nutmegs, whole, the good kind ". 5!)o ,
Lowney's Best Nut Creams.. 50
French Nougat, has no equal 500
Pineapple Ulace, fancy poods.'. 500
SiuffeU Dates. Dl 1 you ever try them?. .35c
1 Minta Clara Mountain Prunes.. 3c
' PR IV ITP Diseases— Gleet. Gonorrhea, Strlc-
ilWlldlC tures, Syphilis. Hydrocele, Varl-
I cocele. Tenderness, Swellings, Weakness of
I Organs, Pile* and Fistula, Rupture quickly
j cured without pain or detention from busi-
' ness. . -
KIDNEY AND IRYcomp:a!nts. pain,
i IVilMlil .I.IV llU.lilll ful, difficult, too
frequent, milky or bloody urine, unnatural
discharges s\ eedlly cured.
fIiTIRRH f wni eh poisons the Breath. Btom-
J 11 .- ilIMf, ach and Lungs and paves th.B
way for Consumption, Throat, Liver. Heart,
M. icy. i....ciil r ant till constitutional and
I internal troubles; also Rupture, Piles, Fistula
: treated far in advance ot any other institution
I in the country.
■ BLOOD AND SKIN SKSS: 80 *-.!®
Syphilitic Taints, Tumors, Kheum«ti*m, Brnp>
; no s, etc . promptly rurt-<i leaving the system '
| in a pure, strong and healthful state. . .;:?.<;
U'|> I'VV your troubles fully and frankly and ,
II 111 1 li effective treatment wilt be sent you,
free from observation, to any part of the coun-
try. Thousands cured at home. Book entitled
"Guide to Health" sent free on application.
All communications strictly confidential. ■ ■ ,
Office Hours— 9 a. m. to 12 m.. 2to 5 and 7to 8
I p. m. Sunday?, 10 a. m. to 12 M. only. Address
37 MARKET STREET, S. F.
Rainy Weather
... CAUSES... .
Aches and Pains
A Sure Preventive,
-: : » A Certain . Relief
■ IS AFFORDED BT :
Dr. Martin's Pain Curer.
; — — . •;;._. ",/ v " : ' : ;
STgf OPIUM
The pura c^entlal extract from tbe native drag. Con-
tains all the valuable medicinal properties of Opium '
•witncmt 'ts noxioun element*. No *ickn«ss cf *toma<'hi
no TOinlt.ng ; no costlTeneM ; no he**»r Ajl DrucKm»»
' .• ■ . ■ .
56
\\ 1. Ji.M --!>.\ V APRIL. 7, 1897
CHARLES M. SHORTRIUUt:,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES- Postage Free:
Pnily nnd Sunday Cam., one week, by carrier.. 0.1
Daily and Sunday Calx* one year, by mail — 6.00
Dally *b«1 Sunday Cam.. Fix months, by mall.. 3.00
Dally cud Sunday Call, three months by mall 1.50
Dolly «r.rt Sunday Call, onu mouth, by mall.. .65
Bunday Cau, one year, by mull 1-&0
WU.KI.V Cam., one year, by mull 1.50
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market street,
r._ lißiicifcco, California.
Telephone * __ ai»la-1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay fclreeL
Telephone M«ln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
527 Montgomery reel, corner Clay; open until
8:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 l-jirkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
MV. corner Sixieentn ami illssion streets, open
tntll 9 o'clock.
VSIR illusion street, open until 9 o'clock.'
167 Ninth street, open until 9 o'clock.
1505 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
NW. corner Twe:ity-second and Kentucky
streets; open till 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICB
9JB Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Booms 31 md 53, 'M Part I;rm "- New York City. ■
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Kastern Manager.
IHIi CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
It Victoria wishes to make sure of end
ing her reisn in peace she had better abdi
cate at once.
The Folsom-sireet paving did not tnrn
out as bad as was expecied, so we may
count it good.
It is said the Czar is an imbecile and the
K:iber is crazy, but they s: ill count in the
iianiu of diplomacy for as much as any
oilier pair of kiu-'^.
If the Senate does not hurry up its work
on the tariff bill it will be in order for
boards of trade and other commercial
bodies to push it a little.
The subscriptions to the boulevard fund
have been liberal and San Francisco has a
r.ghl to be proud of this new evidence of
the public spirit of her people.
The Senate was rather siow in protesting
against the possible execution of Rivera,
but not too slow. Rivera is still alive and
the protest may help to save him.
Let us hope tho French Government
does not intend to reserve thai mysterious
plan for settling ihe Cretan crisis to
amuse the Parisians with a guessing con
test.
If the Grand Army of the Republic un
dertakes the erection o! a monument to
Lincoln at Golden t i:»t e l\iric we can count
on the s-uccess of the enterprise. The
veterans have never known defeat and
have a habit of victory.
The application of a woman for work on
the boulevard calli attention to the fact
that many sell-dependent women in tins
City are out of work and need it as much
as the unemployed men. We must con
sider tr.e claims of these also.
If the people who have been washed out
in i he Mississippi Valley would profit by
the warning and make their homes in
California they might tind in the end that
it had been a Hood of prosperity for them
and borne them on to fortune.
Senator Eikins has done well in calling
the attention of Congress to the impor
tance of taking immediate steps to pro
mote American shipping. It is time that
American commerce wa« carried on every
where under the American flag.
To determine what i a lithograph a
British court summoned to the witness
stand the distinguished Mr. Whistler and
several other artists, but without getting
the information. It would have been
chearjer to have consulted a dictionary.
From the way the spirit of Greek na
tionality is growing in the Greek islands
it appears that England will have to sur
render Cyprus about the time Turkey
s-nrrenders Crete, and perhaps that is the
reason why the Dritish are siding with
the Turks,
According to Senator Eikins the people
of the United States pay $500,000 a day to
foreign shipowners for carrying ;he goods
which Americans buy and sell, and to
tave that amount it would certainly be
worth while to expend something to build
ships of our own.
The claim of the powers that their
blockade of the (ireek ports v "pacific
may be allowed to pass so long as si
great nations combine to apply it tr> a
little one, but, all the same, if either of
the powers should attempt to try it on
any other it would mean war in short
order.
When King Humbert in bis address to
the Italian Parliament spoke of the con
tinuance of peace his words were received
coldly, but when be spoke of the effective
ness of the army and the navy he was long
and londly cheered. We have thus an
other straw to show the way the European
breeze Is blowing.
The newly organized Farmers' Clab in
this City ought to have a strong support,
for many people residing here are owners
of farms and have large interests in agri
cultural affairs. There is also much work
which can be done by a City club to help
the practical farmer in the country, and
thus the organization may be made among
tne most beneficial in the Slate.
The clau^p if the Dingiey bill putting
the new tariff into effect from April 1 may
have tbe good result ot compelling the
Senate to act more promptly on the bill
than it otherwise would. The clause as it
stands renders business uncertain, and
every merchant will feel himaetf impelled
to urge the Senators to end the uncer
tainty as speedily as possible.
The Turkish Government has granted
to Armenians Jiving in that province ex
emption from military service and taxa
tion for two years, but these grants con
stitute but v small atonement for the
wron . s done- in the last two years. That
which the Armenians desire is not exemp
tion from civic duties, but a just govern
ment, and the Sultan should be compelled
to give it orsurrender the country.
The Oreeon young man who sued an
heiress for broach of promise will of course
get nothing for his pains. If there is any
principle of our law firmly settled, even
beyond shaking by a Supreme Court, it is
ihat engagements foranatriruony are bind
ing only on t c man. Woman has aright
to break them at her pleasure.and moreover
After having broken one she can still ob
tain damaees from the man if betakes
her at her nord aud aeeKs another match.
OUE MEKOHANT MARINE.
The apeec!i of Senator Elklna on Mon
day presented the argument in favor of
discriminating duties on imports for the
purpose of aiiviiucii.g tho ship-building
industry in thi-j country in a clear, forci
ble and impressive manner. It served to
bring the issue fairly before Congret-s and
tho country and there can be little doubt
that the subject will be taken up for de
tiniiive action as soon as the tariff bill is
out of the way.
As the Senator pointed out, a country
.so Jarge as the United States, with its
8000 miles of seacoast, its numerous fine
hurbors and its immense productive ca
pacity, situated midway between Europe
and Asia and carrying on a commerce
with both, ought certainly to bo one of
the greatest, if not the very groateat,
maritime power on the clobe. It has
every inducement to build up a vast fleet
of merchant vesselt, inasmuch as its for*
eign trade is enormous and there would
bs ample worlr. for the ships in both the
Atlantic and tho Pacific oceans in carry
inc the goods which the American people
buy and sell.
Arcording to statistics quoted by Sena
tor Elkins the people of the United States
pay $500,1.00 a day to foreign ship-owners
for carrying what the American people
send abroad or bring home for their own
use. This enormous sum could be saved
to American industry by the adoption of
legislation which would promote Ameri
can ship-building and the extension of a
merchant marine owned nnd manned by
Americans, sailing under the American
Hag and extending American commerce.
The cost of constructing such ali>etnf
merchant vessels would be comparatively
little when contrasted with the enormous
expenditures we now pay for the foreign
service, and it would bo, therefore, an
economy in every sense of the word to
promote the ship-building industry.
To the argument that discriminating
duties on our part would lead other coun
tries to retaliate, the Senator set up the
answer that the only commercial rival
whom we have to feai is Great Britain,
and that she could not retaliate without
abandoning her free-trade policy and im
posing duties on American products car
ried to England in American snips. The
products we send to that country are
almost wholly the raw materials out of
which English factories make their goods,
or the food supplies on which the English
people live. A discriminating duty would
be a tax on British industry and the Brit
ish home. Such a tax is not likely to be
imposed, and the threat of retaliation
therefore is a bugaboo ol which we need
not be afraid.
The measure proposed by Senator
Elkins is one of great importance to Cali
fornia and the Pac ric Coast genera'ly.
Our ship-owners cannot at piesen-i com
pete with the subsidized ships of England
and of Japan. Some protection must be
given them; and while the proposed dis
ciiminating duties may not bo satisfactory
toull, they will cer ainly be better than
nothing. It really raatt-rs little whether
<uir merchant marine is built up by a dis
crimination in duties or by direct subsi
dies. The main thing is to promote the
construction of the ships and to eive them
an equal chance with the merchant vessels
of other nations. That is the object of the
Elkins bill, and the sooner it can be
missed the more gratifying will It be to
the people.
TEE EIVEEA fiESOLUTION.
The Senate has acted som-what slowly
in adopUng resolutions of protest against
the possible execution of Rivera, but
nevertheless it has acted in time and the
protest will undoubtedly have some effect
in preventing tho Spam-h Government
from treating the captured patriot as a
common criminal and sentencing him to
death.
The form of the resolution is such that
it can give no just cause of offense to the
Spanish authorities. It recites that
wiiereas information ha* come to the
Senate that General R vera is to be tried
by court-ma: tial and shot, therefore in the
judgment of the Senate it is th* du:y of
I tae President of the United States, if such
i information is found to be true, to Drotest
i to the Spanish Government against such a
I violation of the rules of civilized warare.
It is strange that such a resolution
should have met with any opposition at
all. The objection urced against it by
Senator Hoar, that it is founded on rumor
and hearsay, is certainly not a valia one.
The Senate must necessarily act on news
which comes to it on hearsay, inasmuch
as it is not possible foi the Senators to be
present in Cuba- and learn as actual wit
nesses what is gome on there. The fact
that the reports of the intention of Gen
eral Weyler to have Rivera shot were sent
out by reliable correspondents of the
pre^s, taken in connection with the well
known seventy of Weyler's administra
tion in Cuba, is sufficient to justify the
Senate in adopting the resolution it did.
Had the Senate waited much longer it is
possible that liivera mi^ht have been
executed before our Government would
have entered a protest or takeu any steps
to prevent it.
The adoption of the resolution is signili
cant of the interest which the American
people take in the affair- of Cub 3. The
capture of Rivera and his fate in the
hands of his Spauish captor* are bat inci
dents in the great strugcle. They are im
portant because they Have afforded the
Senate an opportunity of giving a new ex
pression of American sympathy with the
cause Of the Cuban patriots. They niav
therefore have an effect beyond that of
saving Rivera from the cruel death to
which Weyler would have sentenced him
bad he noi been preven:ed.
The resolution will carry encourage
ment to the struggling people of Cuba
and will ba a warning to the Spanish
authorities that they must not go too far.
The Government of the United States is
watching the progress of events in Cuba,
and the interference, which is now limited
to a protest, may eventually become a
recognition of the Independence of the
island and a summary warning to Spain
that the Cubans must be treated as bel
ligerents and granted all the rights of
Civilized war.
TREASURY INSTRUCTIONS.
Secretary Gage has acted promptly in
nidine Congress to carry out th- clause of
tlie Dir.gloy tariff which declares the
new rate of customs duties shall go into
effect on April 1. He cannot act under
that bill, of course, for it has not yet been
enacted into law, but he has found au
thority in an existing statute for the
adoption of a policy which will be as
effective as if the Dingiey tariff were al
ready on tbe statute-book.
The instructions of the Secretary are
that tbe customs officers shall delay until
lurther orders final liquidation of entries
of goods at our ports arriving after April
1. Payment of duties may be made ten
tatively, but samples of poods are to be
kept and tbe certificates of payment of
duties arc to be marked "Subject to change
of rates if required by law." The instruc
tions do not apply to goods arriving after
April 1 whicti were purchased and di
rected to be shipped prior to that date.
To ail other imports, however, they serve
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAT.L, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 7, ISO 7.
as a barrier and as effectually guard the
customs as if the new tariff wore already
in force.
The course taken by the House in vot
ing to put the bill into operation at a date
prior to its enactment into law is unore
cedented in our history, bnt the circum
stances o! the time justily it. Tho Gov
ernment if without :in adequate revenue
and American industry languishes by
reason of foreign competition. The
knowledge that n hichcr tariff is to be
adopted would lead to large imports of
foreign goods under the low tariff if tima
were allowed for it. Such importations
m?a!i a loss of revenue to the Nation and
a loss of work and wages to the people.
These loises must be guarded asainst,
and the action of the House in lixing the
time for the new duties to go into force
on April 1 was, therefore, in the nature of
a public necessity. The instructions is
sued by the Secretary of the Treasury
prevent harm resulting from a delay in
the passage of the bill by the Senate and
give effect to the bill as tne House desired.
THE EASTERN ELECTIONS.
The elections in Eastern cities ahow
considerable Democratic gains over
ihe vote cast in November. Tnis, of
course, was not unexpected. The tre
mendous victory of the Presidential con
test has had the usual tfL-ct of rendering
the Republicans over-sanguine while
rousing the opposition 10 make united
ana vigorous efforts to prevent further ae
feats. Such results foliow almost every
Presidential campaign, and it has become
a well-recogniied fact that what are cahed
the off years are generally years of suc
cess lor the opposition pariy.
When the returns are carefully consid
ered, however, it will bo seen that the
Democrats have little or nothing to boast
of in their apparent successes. In several
cities the Republicans were divided, and
in others tho winning party was not so
much a Democratic as a fusion ticket.
These divisions on the one side met by
combinations on the other readily ac
count for tne seeming Republican defeats
and dispel all supposition that any num
ber of voters have become dissatisfied wi.h
the ballots Wiich they cast for the Repub
lican ticket in Novemoer.
Whilfl some cnii'B have shown Democratic
gains, such State elections as were held
have been won by Republicans. In Michi
gan the Republican candidate lor Justice
of the Supreme Court has been elected
over tho fusion candidate opposed to him
and the Republican candidates for regents
of the State University were also succes-s
--ful. It la to be noted, moreover, that the
hitherto strongly Democratic city of St.
Louis has gone Republican by a ticoi
majority.
The most notable result of the elections
was the defeat of the Pmgree ticket in De
troit. Pingree has been hitherto consid
ered invincible In that city. An earnest
reiortner who had sutlicieiu business
ability and executive force to accomplish
great benefits for the peop'e, he succeeded
in being re-elected time and again against
all opposition, and when candidate for
Governor last year was elected by one of
the largest majorities ever giveu in his
State.
The defeat of the ticket which he advo
cated in Detroit has been attributed, it
seems, to the use of bribery, but it is
hardly necessary to look to that to rind a
sullicient cause for the result. There are
times when people prow weary ot inces
sant agitations even when directed toward
reform. This has probably been the
case in Detroit. Governor Pingree has
ruet the fate of men who become too
powerful and arotue opposition simply
because of their strength. The American
people object to anything that resembles
a 1, i««, and it is more than likely that the
Republican ticket was defeated in that
city Miut'iy because it was known as the
Pingree ticket.
Taken altogether there is nothing in the
retult of tne elections to give encourage
ment to the Democracy as a National
party or to discomfit Republican!". City
elections turn mainly on local i?sue , and
it is not at all likely that the vote of Mon
day and yesterday foreshadows in any way
the vote that will be cast by the people in
the Congressional elections of next year.
GOLD KBIiAL FOR ASiKONOMERS.
Miss Catherine Wolfe Bruce of New Yorfc
Ci'y, to whom astronomy all over the world is
indebted for liberal and intelligent benefac
tion*, proposes to found a sold medal to be
awarded not oftener than annually by the
Astronomical Society of the Pacific for distln
gui*hed services to astronomy. The medal is
to be international in character, and may be
?iven to citizens of any country and toper
sons of either sex
The desiscn for the obverse of the medal is
the seal of the Astronomical Society of the
Pacific.
The medal is to be about 'i l^ inches in diam
eter. The reverse is to bear me inscription:
"Thi« medal, founded MDCCCXCVIL A.D.,
by Catherine Wolf Bruce, is presented to
(uame), lor distinguished services lo astrono
my " (date).
The Astronomical Society reeular'y awards
a bronz? tneJal also, founded by the late Jc
saph A. Donohoe in 1890, for the discovery of
each unexpected comet.
rnwAP.n S. Uoldkn.
MEN AND WOMEN.
The Governor of Minnesota, the State Super
intendent of Public Instruction and several pf
the State Senators of that SUte are natives of
New Hampshire.
The Empress ot Japan writes poetry and
treys a diary, which <t« recently publish- d,
with some of her verses. She is greatly inter
ested iv the woman question.
The Aldermen of the city of Cambridge arc
to have a portrait of the late Governor \\ i;
liam E. Russell hung in their room in the
City Hall as an incentive to patriotic deeds.
Prince Paolo Borehen\ whose family has
lost n great deal of money in building specu
lations. has sold the works of art in the famous
Borphese gallery to ihe Italian Government.
The price paid is snid to be $1,00), 000 for the
picture* and :HOO,OOO for the statues.
Henry Heltfeld, the new Populist United
States Senator from Idaho, is a magnificent
specimen of physical development, being six
feet or over in height and weighing about S9Q
pounds. He whs born in Missouri, and the
only pohical office he has ever l:eld is State
Senator for two term*.
A. A. Fowell of Cincinnati is the tallest man
In the world, weighing '2~2 pounds, wears a
No. 10 glove, a ~}£ hat, a No. 12 shoe an 2 Is 7
leet Sgf inches in height Queen Victoria pre
sented him with a gold watch when hewfsin
the show buMnets. He is now a salesman. His
figure is perfectly symmetrical.
"THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL."
Letters From Our Readers on Topics of Current
Interest.
The Streets cf San Francisco.
To the Editor of the San Fravchco Call— Sir. : We have hnd enough dearly bought lessons in
*treet paving to arouse all honest, intelligent and public-spirited officials to a keen interest in
the subject. We will be foolish if we do not heed the costly lessons of the past and protit by
them and the experience of other municipalities.
The city of Paris, France, lms won the anmtration of the world because of it* progressive
spirit and the excellence of its street management. Upon the subject Professor Albert Shaw
Miy> in "Municipal Government In Continental Europe": "Experiment* made until 1882
were disappointing. But an English company at that time offered an improved process and
agreed 10 assume hII the risks of failure. Accordingly, the company, afterward transformed
into a Franco-English company, with headquarters "at furls, obt&int-d concessions for the
paving of a number of the niost'important streets.
"Under lhl< arrangement the company agreed to construct wood2n-block pavements on a
proper cement fouuda ton and to keep them In perfect r.;pair for a terra of years, receiving in
payment an annuity of about ij 2 francs per square meter for the original cost and a further
annuity of similar average amount for keeping the pavement In good condition through the
period of tne contract."
Why should we not be the Paris of America? Wo have a more picturesque location, the
grandest harbor on the face of the earth, the finest clinmte and tne prestige of rapid growth in
population and wealth. It behooves our heavy capitalists especially to bestir themselves if
they wish to preserve the fortunes which man and nature haw showered upon them. Other
men in other cities by greater energy are likely to draw still more than they have done from
vi the trade and commerce and profit derived lrom ihe p.easure-seeklng portions of the world.
Moreover the tax upon our commercial interests anu through them upon the whole com
muniiy is so great, because of bad streets, that trade with the interior la seriously being
lessened. Bad pavements are very costly indeed. The wear and tear upon man and convey
ances of all kinds is tremendous. This expense must be added to the goods, and places ibis
community hi a disadvantage. The economy of good roads and good streets is tco well known
to admit of much comment.
Wnat are the organizations which have paraded before the public as reform bodies doing?
what are those who regularly call upon their members for monthly dues doing to esr.'i con
tinned support? And aliove all what is this community to do with the growing army of un
employed? These organizations are certainly not doing the best that can be done nor anything
in the nature of a permanent b-netit. As long as we ar* satisfied with mediocrity and tem
porary makeshifts; as long as we lay cobbles and asphaltum with the present unscientific
foundations. Sen Francisco will in this respect be behind the times and subject to all the
disadvantages and disayreettbieness which such conditions entail.
L-.'i our associations and Supervisors do the best that can be done in this matter. Let us
have the best of streets, or cease to strive for a place among the cities of our class. Let our
merchants Hnd property-owners sink into bankruptcy and pauperism, if they have not intel
ligence ana public spirit enough to take hold ol measures for the permanent public good with
cnouwh energy to successfully accomplish them.
The authority quoted above as to wnat lias boen found to be the best street pavement
(concrete foundation wood Llocks with impervious coating on top) says that the authorities of
I arls have demonstrated that better work at lower cost is done La the end by making the con
tractor accountable for his work. The reasonitbie way to accomplish tnis is, thai the work
ahull lie Kunrtiiitet-d for a number of yours ana that the stipulatea amount to be paid for ttilg
work shall be divided into equal payments, extending over the number ot years tha: such
work has been guaranted. R. L.*KYFKOGEL.
San Francisco, Cal., April (?, 1897.
PERSONAL
Dr. W. A. Trafton of Dixon is In town.
Dr. J. C. Glmau of Carfon Is in the City.
I. P. Coward of Watsonvil'.e Is at the Lick.
Bart L. Smith of Portland is at the Palace.
A. Evans of Reno, Jvev., is ft recent arrival
here.
H. A. Ramsay of London arrived here yes
toiday.
Albert Perl, a business man of Marysville, is
in town.
Mrs. F. J. Folsom of Auburn is at the Cosmo
po.itan Hotel.
Edward H. Wagner of Xew York arrived
here yesterday.
L. F. Moulton, the big grain farmer of
Colusa, is in the City.
w. J. Stockton of Los Banoi is among the
arrivals at the Lick.
C. L. Conner, a business man ol Bakersfield ,
is at the Occidental.
A. J. Bosboroogk, a mining man of Good
years Bar, is in town.
S. J. Habeggar, a merchant of Portland, is at
the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
Dr. D. L. McLean and Mrs. McLean of Sacra
mento are at the Grand.
Richard Young ar.d Mrs. Young of Brooklyn,
N. V., are at the Pulace.
N. J. Xissen, a dairy and produce dealer of
San Diego, is al the Grand.
Frank Cole, a mining man of Denver, has
for some days been at the liu-s.
F. J. James, & capitalist of i?alt Lake City,
Utah, is at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
J. P. Squires, a fruit-raiser of South River
side, is at the Cosmopolitan llotel.
Ex-District Attorney Mark Walser of Fresno
is among the arrivals at the Grand.
Adrien Lew, a business man of Pescadero,
is here on matters relative to hia trade.
Henry Vilas of Madison, Wis., a relaiive of
Ex-Postmuster-General Vilas, is in town.
Dr. J. A. Patterson of Salem, X. J., Is on a
visit to tnis City and is at the Occidental.
I. Hortou, a hotel-Keeper and general mer
chant of Ltvermore, is here on a brief trip.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Parker Whitney, wealthy so
ciety people ol Boston, are at the Palace, ac
companied by their daughter.
Georgj \V. Patrick of Covelo.who has been in
charge of a number of Indian pupils for tome
time pas', is a recent arrival In tne City.
D. M. Mills of Santa Rosa, secretary of the
California, State Grange, and Crrtis Jones of
Ban Jose ftiid \V. W. Greer of Sacramento, also
officers of the order, are among the arrivals at
the Russ.
CALIFORN.ANS IN NEW YORK.
NKW YORK, N. V. , April 6.— At the St.
Cloud. G. Zindel, J. R. hanis; New Amster
dsm, H. Bloih; S'.uart, Mrs. F. S. Hickmau,
Misi M. S. Hicknian; Cosmopolitan, C. A.
Hitchcock; Holland, R. Newmauu. L. Sloss Jr.,
H. H. Scott, \Y. P. Scott; Vendome, A. D.
Stevens; Sivoy, C. Ehrman. G. Ehrman. Mr.
Bartling and Hans Schrlbi left the St. Cloud
and sailed on the Lahn for Bremen.
WIIU YOUR COFFEE
Judge— Officer, did the prisoner offer any re
sistance ?
Officer — Only ten dollars, yer Honor. — New
York Evening World.
"That woman over there looks as if she
were pain led— "
•\»ir, that Is my wife."
"I rind not finished my sentence. She looks
as if she were painted by Raphael and had
Jut stepped out oi the frame."— Philadelphia
Ledger.
Mrs. Musicns— Did you have much trouble
in learning to siim so beau tlful'.y ?
Miss Frankly— Yes; especially with the
neignbors.— Answers.
May— Dear me, \rha. a stylish hat you have!
Julia— Yes. I attended a bargain-counter
sale yesterday, and when I came home the hat
had been crashed into just the shape 1 have
been looking lor everywhere.— Washington
Times.
ANSWERS 10 CORRESPONDENTS
Corbett-Fitzsimmons — H. G. L., City. Cor
bettund Fltzsimmons never fought together
before the Carson tight.
Limitation' — Subscriber, Santa Cruz. Cal.
The code of this State says: "An action must
be commenced within four years upon any
contract, obligation or liability founded upon
an instrument in writing executed in this
Siate."
To Peddle— C. R. M., City. If you wish to
peddle notions, tinware and the like in the
several counties of tho State you will have to
procure a separate license lor every county.
The information aa to such can be obtalue 1
from the County Clerk < f each couniy.
Bryan's Vote— J. L. B.,Reno,Waapoe County,
Nev. At the last held election for President of
the Cnited States William McKinley received
in the State of Nebraska 102,292 votes, while
William J. Bryan received 115,7(52. Jn his
own county l that Stare Bryan received 5074
voti-s and McKinley 0486. B.yan carried his
State, but not his own couuty.
Non-commissioned Officers— J. L. 8., Reno,
Wiiahoe County, Nev. In the United States
army a private, for the first year of his enlist
ment, is paid $13 a month; non-commis
sioned ofhctrs, for the first year, from if 15 to
$45 a month, according to rank and branch
dI the serv.ee. During the term oi enlistment
there is a gradual increase in pay.
fnmtVmt Parvnts.— The answer given in
this department in relation to the nativity of
the parents whs based on information fur
nished by the pufjl Ufa brothur-ln-iaw. A
friend of this department writes t"> the eft. ct
that while the mother o! Fittsiinmons was
born iv Cornwall, as stated, his father was a
native of Cnvan, Ireland, and the writer
claims that he knows whereof he writes.
Mvst Be as American Citiies— G. W. R.,
City. "An Englishman holding an English
captain's certificate" is not eligible for an offi
cer'» pi sitton on any ve»el that flies the
American flag. He must beau American citi
zen. If vessel* are leased by a company and
Mich vessels Jly it.c English flag, an English
captain could bold a commission oa such a
vessel.
FRATERNAL DEPARTMENT.
The Foresters of America .Elect Addi
tional Helegntes tv the Grand Court
to Sleet in Marysville.
Additional delegates elect to the coming ses
sion of the Grand Court have been reported to
the grand secrc.ary as follows:
K. Hassmussen and Frank Knoblock from Court
America No. 3 of San Francisco; B. >. Bost and
William Sandow, Court (iurtteld No. 9of Nevada
City; W. H. Cur ( on and U. W. Myrick, Court S.ar
cf Wood and .No. 10: L. Aron and A. B. Tread
well, t ourt Kay litv No. 11 of San Francisco; S.
H. I-Ingard and William Kcheclitel. Court Sni-ll
Mounu No. 17 of Golden Gale, Alameda county:
T. F. Blake, J. F. Hullett, J. Foppiana at d J. W.
Sparrow, Court I nterNos No. 18 of - an Francisco:
W. C. l.'sliiger. Court l'rlde of A ami da No. 19;
John Gray and George Healing, Conn Zenith No.
VI of sen 1 rancltco; A. Coleman and G W. Terry,
Court Defiance No. '.'5 of ir-au Kranclsto: John i>.
Don , four: Santa Kosa No. 24: George I). Gold
man »nd i red M. Jennings, Court san Diego; W.
K. B.ackman, T. It. Dee and J. H. Me vllie. Court
Los Angeles; H. E. Beven ana H. K. Serin Id t.
Cour; I'Hdeof Marysville No. 34: A. Qu:ck, Coun
8 ar of tan I.uls ob apo No. 35: Frank near and
Theodore t-isninurlauu. Court olive No SO of l.oi
Angles; \V. c;. Fonda Court Verba Eujna NO. 42
of -an irauclsco: M. Fitzpatrlclc and George F.
Martin. Court Fajaro Valley Kose No. 44 of
WatsoQvlu>; John 11. Folev and J. F. Green
ou;h, Court Freedom No. 49 of Los Anßdfs;
1$ M. Bury mid G. A. Koerber. Court ban Jose No.
64: John ii .man aid Jarnis A. L»ck»y, Court
Columbia No 53 of bun Francisco; A.Donovan.
Jariies kavanaugh ituii T. T. McCariy, Court
Acme No. 61 o: .-an Francisco: 1 .Levy, Court
Hayes Valley No. 69 of San Kraicisco: K.I» Hol
liday and G*-orge MatHVr. Court Santa Cruz No.
61; C. H. Cornell aid ( •. F. Iroup, Lourt I'.taluma
>»■ 63: K. i. She. man, Court liantord No. 66:
James W. Wools, d us t Farallon No. 71 of Ocean
View; W. K. Cowan, Court Yotenitte No. 72 of
Fiesno: Henry Dana, Court Main of I iDuroa; S.
J. Hunon, Court Port Costa No. 76: F. B. liuosen
and R. Read, court Haywards No. 78: John
Trede, Court He.l Bluff No. 81; GeorreH. .Morris*.
Court Win. erg No. 87; I*. Br.ones, Court Alham
bra No. 98 of Martinez; Dr. J. • T.
i rown. Cour. Ciirns' No. 94 of Klvermde:
H. C. Warner, Cour. Liberty No. 96 0f s»n Bernar
dino; G J. Guth. cour. Ko»e Hill :>o. 98 o. Moan
tain View: J. H. Me •.aiion. Court Oak Park No.
100; K. T. Haskins. Court E.k Grove No. 101: W.
. A. i'faue and W. J. Read, Court Independence
No. 104 of San Francisco: Kd ward ltyau. Court
Tracy No. 105; Jacob OUrn, Court San Pedro No.
107; W. R. snittn. Court Mi.i <■ <•■ No. 109 of
Loniroc: John 11. Skin c ouri ConflJen e>o.
117 of Placeivllle: F. Offenbach, Court Co cordla
No. 119 of Sacramento; •-. iTeedman, Court Col
lege < enact! No. 130 of Mavtie.d; L. U. Waltemlre,
Court Mokeluoiue No. 135 of Lodi; K. W. Bou
kofsky and K. S. Harding. Court iHitro Heights
No. 136 of Han Francisco: Al Draghlcevlch. Court
Adriatico No. 137 of Santa Clara; A. >. Crane and
J. C. de In-run. Court Mlver «t«te No. 138 of San
Dlei;o; Stephen A i> cove, Court Jackson No. 148;
W. H. Hannon, Colirt -Sausailto No. 150; Isaiah
liartti.an. Court Boulder Creek No. 162; W. H.
Moss, court San Lucas No. IS
J. Samuels, grand senior woodward, has just
returned fr;un a visit 10 Courts Pride ol Colusa
and star of Woodland, and reports both courts
in a flourishing financial and numerical con
dition.
Companions of the Forest, F. O. A.
Last /week Grand Chief Companion Mrs.
M. A. 'Duke' visited Oakland Circle No. 3.
A pleasant and profitable evening was
spent, and after the meeting refreshments
were served ana beautiful bouquets were pre
sented to the crand chief companion and Miss
A. D. Bremer, grand secretary and deputy of
Oakland Circle. Besides the grand chief com
panion and grand secretary there were
present: Mrs. L. Atwood, P. G. C. C. ; Mrs. E.
Harrington, G. S. C C. ; Mrs. M. Connell, D. G.
C. C. at large; M. E. Licht, D. G. C. C, and
Mr-. Flora Jacobs, D. G. C. C. Loyal Circle Xo.
3-3 and a delegation from United Stales of
America Circle No. 260 paid a fraternal visit
on the same evening
Diana Circle No. 22 has extended its com
pliments to its many friends to tin present at
an. entertainment and hop to be given on j
Wednesday evening, April 28, in Social Hall, !
Alcazar building.
At the request of Excelsior Circle No. 2 the
various circles In this City and Oakland have
appointed committees lor the purpose of tak
ing united action toward arranging for en
tertainment for the benefit o; the officers and
delegates of the Grand Circle and which will
meet in this City in the first week in June.
The first meeting of the joint committee was
held on Tuesday evening, March 30, at which
meeting Mrs. L. Aiw< od, P. (i. C. C, of
Robin Hood Circle No. 58, was elected
president; Mrs. M. Cunnelt of Inter Nos
No. 215, vice-president; Miss. Lena Wishman
of Exceisior Circle No. 2. secretary; D. Johan
sen of Excelsior Circle No. li, treasurer; Mrs.
Frieda Jacobs of United States of America
Circle No. 200, ser^eant-at-armß, and Charles
J. Arnberger of Oakland Circle No. 3, organist.
To assist in raising funds for toe entertain
ment to be given to the officers and delegates
to the Grand Circle it wes decided to give a
social on Wednesday, April 21, and in the
near future a thea party and picnic. The
committee will in future meet weekly, ana in
all probability on Saturday evenings.
Mrs. M. A. Duke, G. C. C., accompanied by
Mrs. K. Bollan, D. G. C. C, Mrs. Bertha Ross,
P. C. C., and Mrs Ray Cohen. C. C. of Loyal
Circle No. 323. officially visited University
Circle No. 322 in Golden Gate, Alameda
County, lest Wednesday cvenlnp. Although
the night was very stormy a good attendance
of the members was present and an enjoyable
as well as instructive meeting was participated
In. A collation was served after the close of
the meeting.
Adiitionul delegates-elect have been re
ported to the grand secretary as follows:
John J. Cordv, Mrs. X. E. Smith and Mrs. 11.
Wilson, from Exceisior Circle No. 2; Mrs. M.
Pape ol Lorely Circle No. 26; Mrs. A. Wagner
from Olympus Circle N0. 42: Mrs. B. Bost from
Freedom Circle No. 108 ot Nevada City; Mrs.
Kitty Downing from Village Belle Circle No.
264; Miss Rose Reynolds from San Francisco
Circle No. 267.
Acme Cirri*, Com nan long of the Forest.
On Monday night Acme C;rcle, Companions
of the Forest (F. O. A.), received an oflicial
visit from Grand Chief Companion Mrs. M. A,
Duke and Mrs. E. Harrington, grand sub-chief
companion, and alter the business was over
the visitors were mos: hospitably entertained
with a programme and light refreshments.
This circ.e announce a grand grab bag party
for next Saturday eve:. ing.
The Rosarian «>ocletjr.
At a meeting of toe Rosaran Society of St.
Dominic's Church, held last FrWay in St.
Dominic's Hal, the following named were
elected as officers for the ensuing year. Rev.
Father Clancy, director, presiding nt the meet
ing: President, Jliss Corne.ia Farreil; vice
president, Xli-s Sarah Gibbous; secretary,
Miss Louisa Strule, and treasurer, Miss May
Baliiuger. There will be a special meeting of
the society on the 23d last., and it is expected
that there will be a full attendance.
La E«trrlla'a Japaneie Tea.
The fo'lowing-named ladies of La Estrella
Parlor, V. D. G. W., will have charge of the
Japanese tea and entertainment, to be given
by that parlor next Friday and Saturday in
the basement of Native Sons' Hail: Mrs. Li I
, lian Carie (chairman), Miss J. VMMUa a Miss
K. Fcnslermncher, Mrs. A. Kleversahl, Miss M.
Snntry and Miss Alice Mutinder. The chair
man of the committee will "b:ack-up" and
appear as Aunt Jemima and will make old
fashioned pancakes, anl twenty young ladies
will die*! in Japanese costume and wait upon
those wtio will want to drink tea made just as
it is made in Japau.
This parlor will give a hall on the 12th of
May in celebration of its anniversary. A
splendid souvenir programme is being pre
pared and on the evening of the ball there
will be a surprise for the parlor.
A UNION MAN ON GUARD
Supervisors Uphold the San
Franchc: Bricklayers' As
scciation.
Will Nsme a Member Who Will Su-
psrvise Hill of Justice
Fruniations.
The San Francisco Bricklayers' Associ
ation has carried its point regarding the
brick work of the Hall of Justice and a
union man to be recommended by the as
sociation and appointed by th* Board of
Supervisors wiil oversee this important
branch of the building.
Representatives of the association ap
peared before the Public Building Com
mittee of trie board to see what could be
done in the matter and stated that three
men employed on the foundations were
union men and that the others were not.
They staled that the men outside of the
union could not bo vouched for, and said
that to insure a good job a union man
should be appointed to oversee the work.
They also stated that Bateraan Bros , con
tractors left the building, had promised to
use their influence with Stiles, the sub
contractor for the brickwork, to employ
only union men.
Supervisor Britt moved that the asso
clat.on be authorized to ncme a compe
tent man to supervise the work and that
the committee recommend that the board
appoint him to the position. The motion
was carried.
Architect Shea reported thai up to Mon
day the work on the foundations had been
progressing rapidly and satisfactorily,
good men being employed, but on that
day several men had been laid eff for
some unknown reason. He also stated
that tne other sub-coniracts had not been
reported to him as they should have been.
Supervisor Britt made a motion mat
was carried that Bate-man Bros, be calied
upon to give the names of those to whom
the sut>-contracts had Deen let if they had
been let.
BUT FEW CAME TO WORK.
A Falling Off of Laborers on the Houle-
yard Yeaterday— Contributions Still
Cowing In.
Four hundred men answered the roll
call at ihe boulevard yesterday morning.
It i-s probable that the saower of tbfl morn
ing is responsible for the falling off in the
force. At noon, however, the number in
creased.
So far about 3000 men have applied for
work anil about 1000 of tliern have been
given employment. The total amount
spent for lator was about $3850.
Tickets for work were issued to forty
men yesterday at the Leidesdorff-street
headquarters, while 100 new names were
registered.
The men in charge of the office at L ides
dorff street complain of the unemployed
from Howard street, wno traverse Sacra
mento street in procession and act in a
boisterous manner, arou-mg the ill tem
per of those who apply there for work.
This act, the officers say, does no good
and must have a purpose other than good
when they come there in a body. Chief
Crowley will be asked to aetaii a squad of
officers to keep the marching band in sub
jection when passing the headquarters. •
Tie cantata "Ruth and Naomi" will be
presented at the California Theater April
21 by 110 children of the Sabbaih-school
of the Geary-street Temple for the benefit
of the fund. The children of the school
are determined to make tne affair a suc
csss. They nave resolved to stand the
extire expense of the production, so that
every cent ot tne proceeds may go toward
helping the unemployed.
Those having charge of this say it will
eclipse anything heretofore attempted in
this line.
A roast beef lunch is promised to the
men on the boulevard to-day at noon.
Miiier & Lux Gave kindly donated a 1000
--pound sieer, which will be roasted under
<he direction of Je^se Potter and Ernest
Daetter.
The subscriptions yesterday were:
Heretofore acknowledged $17,900 55;
Heald's Busfness College 50, VNnke.ce &Co
$10, John Taylor $25, Rouen Sudden $20
sub-treasury employes $30. Alpha Ladles'
Bicycle Club $5. cash $500. West End School
$3. lleywood Bros. & c«. $15. B. W. R. sen
stock $25, Quarantine office $S 45. Receiving
Hospital $0 40, City and t.ounty Hospital
$25, City ai.d County Almsh'Uses4o, Twenty
hix.h street HosDital $1 85, Health Office
$55 25; total $18, 70.
A GENEROUS AOTOS.
Otlf Skinner to Play for the Fruit and
Flower Mission.
Otis Skinner, the talented actor at pres
ent at tlie Baldwin Theater, has Kindly
comented to give a benefit on April 14 for
the nurse's funtl of the Fruit and Piower
Mission. Mrs. Skinner was interested in
the mission at Denver. The matinee will
consist of scene- from "Hamlet," "Mer
chant of Venice" and "Romeo and Ju
liet," so that all t.istes will be satistied.
Tne Fruit and Flower Mission is anx
ious lo develop its nursing work. At t>res
ent it as one nurse at work, Miss Wood,
who instructs people on simple sanitary
laws, the best methods of caring for the
sick and the like. She is a graduate of
the Chicapo Hospital and is painfully im
pressed with the Jaige lieldopen to her
class of work here.
YOSEMITE TOURISTS.
The Flr«t Party Left ThU City for the
VHlley Yesterday.
Ten tourists left for the Yosemite Val
ley yesterday over the Southern Pacific
and the Yosemite Stufje and Turnpike
Tia Riym^nrt :ind Wawnna. Thi* whs the
Do you know what an
"emulsion is?" It is when
each drop of the oil is broken
up into minute drops, so small
you can hardly see them with
the microscope : so minute
that they pass at once through
the tissues into the circula-
tion. Scott's Emulsion does
not disturb digestion, is not
unpleasant to take, and does
not fail to do its work be-
cause digestion can deal with
it at once. You may be able
to disguise the taste of raw
oil and get it past the palate.
You can't cheat your stomach
wirVi it scott & bowse,
Wltll 1U Chcmisis, New York.
first party of the reason of 1897. There
will be daily departures hereafier until the
winter weather again precludes traveling
to that Bcetiic region. There will be four
miles of sleighing, beginning at Chinko
pin, before the excursion ibts reach tue,
valley. 1
Lu%t year the season opened on Marclif
20. Late storms in the " mountains re
tarded the opening of the route this year.
The weather in the valley is now reported
to be delightful and the snow to be going
very rapidly.
Does Not Ask for Very Much.
A curious letter was received yesterday at
the office of the California • c ociety for the Pre
vention of Cruelty to Children. The writer is
Charles Ross, now at Seattle, Wash. He states
that he is going to Circle City, Alaska, for
eighteen months, where he expects to make a
lot nf money. Koss request the society to
lookout for ana provide lor his family, now
living at 40'J Clementina street, send the
children to scuool, see that they are properly
clothed and fed and keep him informed as in
their condition. He states tint his family
consists or his wife, Marion Hill Ross, and
children as follows: diaries. 13 years; Jane,
11; Angus, 10; Louise, 8; Alex and Norman
(twins), G; Amie, 4, and flora, 2. Total, 9
persons.
1000 cards printed, *1 50. Hill, 22^ Geary.*
Townsend's glace fruits are crown and pre
pared in Calif ornio. Try them. Palace Hotel.*
Fpecial Information daily to manufacturer*,
business houses and public men by the Pren
Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Montgomery. '
A traveler lately, describing a tropical
shower, wrote- to a friend in the following
words: "The raindrops were extremely large,
varying in size from a shilling to 18 pence." —
London Tit-Bits.
Santa F« Limited From !m»-i Francisco
Three and a Half Days to Chicago
Via tanta Fe Itoute.
To accommodate our .Northern California na
trons, on Mondays and relays the first
class Pullman sleeping-car leaving San Piao>
Cisco 'nt 5 p. m. wl.l connect at Harsto.v
with the Santa Fo vestibule train, carryin;
dining-car, buffet, smoking-car :nd l'u:lniMi pal
ace drawing-room sleeping-curs for both st. Luun
and Chicago via Kansas City. This shortens tbi
running time twelve hours, Send for llter»:ura
descriptive of our route. ' San Francisco ticket
otlice, 644 Market street. Chronicle building; tele
phone main 1531. Oakland. 1118 Broadway.
Kailroart 1 ickets to the En*t via Itio
Grande Western mid Denver ami
KIo «■ ramie lt;ii!\v;iy«,
At lowest possible rates, with through Pullman
buffet «nd tourist sleeping car service ever/ daw
Personally conducted excursion:! leaving Tuesday,
Wednesday and Thursday. Only line permlttlnj
stop-over at Salt Lake City on al classes of ticket
Detailed information and tickets furnished at 11
Montgomery street, or 314 California street
Chang" of Timn.
Taklnc effcrt, March "8. the Northern Paclflo
overland train will leave Portland a; Ha. M. in
stead of 1 p. m., thus making connection at Spo
kane for all points Id the new Kootenai mining
district. Tickets at lowest rates to Kostlan I,
North|>orl and TralL T. K. StateJer, general
agent, 638 Market street, Van Francisco.
"Mrs. Winglow'* -oothint; Syrup"
Has been used over fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children whi:e Teething with per
fect success. Jtcoo:hesibe child, softens ibe
allays Pain, cores Wlr.d Colic, regulates be Bowr|«
and Is the best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether aris
ing from tee. blag or other causes- 1-orsaie by dm?
gists in every pan of the world. B_> sure and as.c
for Mrs. V\ iuß.ow'a toothing Syrup. 25c a bottle
CosoNAro.— Atmosphere is perfectly dry, sof(
cud mild, being entirely free from the mlsu cote..
men further north. Hound-trip t.ckets. by steam
ship. including fifteen days' board a; the note, Ja|
loionado. $U5: longer stay 5:2 50 per day. Appi>
4 New Momgoaiery st., .San Francisco,
Many causes Induce gray hair, but Parkkb'9
Hair Balsam brings buck the youthful color.
H^dkkcokns, the best cure for corns. 15eis.
Colds, caused by i he sudden changes of temper
ature at this season of the year, make AVer's
Cherry Pectoral indispensable.
Miss Manchester-Do you know tnat alter
Ellen refused Mr. Esplanade lie actually com
mitted suicide?
Miss Monterey— Really? Dead in love with
her, isn't he?— Pitlsburg Chronicle-Telegniph.
NEW TO-DAY.
When .
Quality Is Desired
IN
Teas, Coffees, Spices
OO TO
Great Aroericanloprtiiig Tea Col
MONEY SAVING STORES:
140 Sixth St. 325 Hayes st.
965 Market st. 218 Third st.
, 146 Ninth st. 2008 Fillmore st.
1 617 Kearny st. ■ 300 i Sixteenth st.
1419 Polk st. 2510 Mission st.
1344 Market st. 521 Montgomery aye.
3285 Mission st.
OAKLAND.
1053 Washington st. 1510 Seventh st.
917 Broadway E.OAKLAND.
131 San Pablo avc. 616 E. Twelfth st.
ALAMKDA-1355 Park st.
; Headquarters, 52 Market St., S. F.
OPERATING 100 STORES—
That's Why
QUALITY
Is Pur Stronghold.
i — — ___
STOGRTON.
■ PEREMPTORY AUCTION
WITHOUT JLI3IIT OK KESEHVK,
OF BLOCKS 33 AND 46 OF THE
Valley Railroad , Terminal Tract.
IS THE CITY of stocktoj.
Saturday Evening; April 10, 1891,
AT 7 P. M.,
i By order of th« heirs of Captain C X WEBER,
the founder of :vocluon.
LOTS 25x100 ASD 25x159 FEET.
i Ten mlnmeV walk from the business corner »nd
i cloie to ih" water rom, the mills ant factnri«a.
- Ivroi'*— s.o cash and . $•, p r month. laterett,
■7! or cent on deferred payments. 
Talce'a to S'.ockton and see foryonr»elf th«
: cbances thtre are to mule moaey by inve9;ini la
j Real Ksia'.e in this thriving City. -
Traveling expenses of purchasers remitted,
bend for descriptive catalo.ue.
O. H. 111BSES & CO.,
Aactloaeers.
14 Montgomery street. saa Franctaoo,
Or Us t»st Main street, Stockton.
1 a 'WEDNESDAY .APRIL 7, 1897
AMUSEMENTS.
TAin-wiN Theater —"A Soldier of Fortune."
California Theater.— " a Ida."
Columbia Theater For Fair Virginia."
Moecscos Opera-house-' The stowaway."
.Alcazar Theater -Wild Oais*
1 ivoi.i Opkra House. - Don Joan."
Cur-HEUM.-liich-aass Vaudeville.
Lublink Baths.— Salt Water Bathing, etc.
fee* ho Baths— Bathing and t erformances. •
Ihk l■H^T^^^ and SkatiNo INK— Dally at
tUfclii fctreet, one l.lock e&sc of the Paric
1-/KU.NH J-.a. Track.— Kwm to-day,
AUCTION : AL» S.
It FFANK \v. rrTTKUFiKi.p— This day. April
7. Crockery Mid Agateware, a; 1022 Howard at.,
at 11 o'clock.
By I- 11. Hvßr>.— Tliurslav. April 8. Furniture,
etc., at 211 Larkln street, a: 11 o'clock.
By <•■ H. Vsibsks A Co.— Saturday evening,
April 10, R«-al Kstate. la the City of Stockton.
lv EAST) » * 1- I.HRIIHJE.— April 13,
Heal Estate, at 638 Market street, at 12 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Fair Wednesday. W. 11. Hammon, forecast
official.
There is great activity In divorce litigation
at present. • : -',-
The estate of the late Jane Anna Cutter has
been appraised at $14,102 31.
Tailor Richard Valentine was divorced res
terday after being married just a week.
Tourist travel to :m> Yo=emite Valley opened
yesterday by way of Raymond and Wavrona.
A onion brickiaver will supervise trie build
ing of the foundations of the Hall of Justice.
The Carra Mill and Mining Company has
filed an application for voluntary dissolution.
The first session of the Grind Lodge of the I
Ancient Order of United Workmen was held
yesterday.
The Pan Francisco Gas and Electric Company
has inoTM into its handsome new edifice on
Post street.
Mark E Frank, the Kearnv-strret furnish
-sng-eoi<l« denier, was attached yesterday on a j
claim of $3000.
Catherine iW.zher, who whs 34 years old
and on'y thirty-three inches tali, died in this
City on Monday.
George W, Silver proves to be a false Monte
Cristo. He is in the City Prison for giving a
spurious check for $2.
Michael Keegan has Fued John H. Kelly to
cancel a d*ed to real estate which he says was
procured by fraud and deceit.
Joseph M. W^od has filed a suit against
James C. Gordon to qu-et title to real estate on
Point Lobos avenue, this City.
The Supreme Court has denied the petition
of Jan^s A. Buckley, the election return
stuffer. for a writ of habeas corpus.
The winners nt Emeryville track yesterday
■were: Melvin Burnhnm, Midas, Bernardillo,
Rosorraonde, Alvarado ar.d Altonera.
Colin M. Poyd was elected president of the
Free Public Library at a meeting of the Board
of Trustees held yesterday afternoon.
Jumbo, a vic'ous doe belonging to Mrs.
Annie Hansen, 14 Hnven street, was ordered
to be shot by Judge Campbell yesterday.
Gears'* O. Mitchell has su--d E. J. Bn'dwin
for $200 for service rendered as a hand
writing expert in the Lillian Ashiey case.
Maria Biagini seeks to administer the estate
of her husband, Casimiro Biazini, who died
March 1. leaving property valued at $050.
In the suit of Bartlett Doi and others a train t
James Era and other* the taking of testimony
was closed In Judge Seawell's court yesterday.
In the matter of F. S. Chadbocrne, insolvent.
Judge Slack has authored the assignee to de
clare and pay a dividend of 40 per cent to
creditors.
J. B. Srorgur, preMaent of the First National
Bank of HtUsboro, Ohio, is on his fir*t visit to
the Ci"y and State, and is enthused over what
he has seen.
The children in the Roman Catholic Or
phan Asylum will receive their fr : ends Easter
Sunday 'and on the third Sunday of each
month thereafter.
Balboa boulevard laborers w'll be treated to
« roust beef lunch to-cTar by 'he generosity of
Miller & Lux, who supplied a 1000-pound
steer for the occasion. . ... ■
Manuel Hens,* has ailed his partner for the
dissolution of the firm of Eno» A- Henas and
for an accounting, alleging mismanagement
as the ground for his complaint.
John Qual'ers, who was injured in iin Oak
land railroad accident, fe't severe p*in in an
amputated foot until shown that the toes were
not doubled up against the sole.
Albert H. Elliott ha» applied for letters of
administration upon the estate of Mrs. Eliza
beth E. Lampmsn, who died March 29. The I
property is estimated at about $3000.
A warrant was sworn out in Jniee Low's
rourt yesterday for the arrest of W. B. Brad
bury, capitalist, 1600 Van Ness avenue, for !
expectorating ■ n th- floor of a cable-car.
The Southern Pacific Company has about
come to the conclusion tnat it win build Its
own bridee across Oakland Creek. This means
that A'.ameda County will have to do likewise.
D. M. Delmns was occupied yesterday in
Judge Morrow's court in arening the case of
Bowers "zainst the San Francisco Bridge Com
pany. He will continue his argument to-day.
Judge Sia'k heard evidence yesterday on Dr.
M-zner's $0000 claim acainst the Fair estate
for three days' medical services. Professor
George Shields said the fee was very reason
able.
Chief Crowlev received a disp9teh yesterday
from Sheriff Deane of Grand bland, Xebr.,
That he-had a crazy man there by the name of
J. M. Brind'.e, and asking the Chief to find his
friend*.
In th« c«e of Dennis Jordan, Insolvent
debtor. Judge Slack has vacated and annulled
all retraining orders heretofore made as
ngainst Jordan and his assignees in litigation
now pending.
The new Minister from China will arrive
here next Saturday on the Gaelic. He comes
from b See Yup district, and will replace the
Consul-General at tr.is port with a man
friendly to the See Yups.
The residence of Mrs. A. C. Fisher, 512 Eddy
Ftreet. was entered ty burglars on Monday
and about $300 worth of jewelry stolen. The
police were notified, and Detectives Bee and
Harper were detailed on the case.
The taking of the deposition of Attorney
Charles S. Wheeler in the suit of the Fiar es
tate against Mrs. Nettie R. Craven has been set
f'-r the 13th Inst. Thirteen is by the supersti
tious considered an unlucky numeral.
Colonel S. B. M. Young, post commander at
the Presidio, has been ordered to Yellowrtone
National Park to succeed Captain Anderson as
Mirjerlntendent of that reservation. Colonel
Willotson. Third Artillery, will probably suc
ceed Colonel Young as commander at the Pre
sidio.
It is probable that the protests apainut the
Bay City Wr.eelraen, winners of Sunday's big
relay race, will be withdrawn, when their title
to the cup will be clear. The race will be per
petuated in the future by the associated clubs,
who will give an elegant trophy for the an
nual event.
There is an Indian idol In the park museum
that has an unenviable reputation 88 a "hoo
doo." It rips passed from hand to hand for the
past thirty years, and it Is said that everybody
•who h«s had anything to do with it has met
with disaster of some sort. People who now
visit the park should look out for their but
tons.
SEW TO-DAT.
Most Torturing, Disfiguring,
Humiliating
Of itching, burning, bleeding, scaly skin
and. scalp humors is instantly relieved
by a warm bath with Ccticcra Soap,
a single application of Ccticcea (oint-
ment), the great skin cure, and a full dose
of Cuticcea Resolvent, greatest of. blood
purifiers and humor cures.
&** jo
Remedies speedily, permanently, and
economically cure, when all else fails.
Pottck Dkco A?rn Cur*. Co»r.. Pole Props., Boston.
s/-" How to Can Every Skin end Blood Humor," tree.
PIMDI V CJIPCC Purified «nd Be»atifled t>y
rllVirLl rAwta cuticura soap.
THE WORKMEN
IN SESSION
Interesting Reports Pre
sented by the Grand
Oificers.
These Shew the Condition of
the Order in California
at This Time.
Tbe First Marked Increase Sine: 1889
Grand Master Workman Will Bs
Re-e ecied-N-w Lolg:.
The annual session of the Grand Lodge
of the Ancient Oaier of United Workmen
opened yesterday morning at 10 o'clock in
B'nai B'rith Hail.
There was present ft full representation
from ihe 304 subordinate lodges of the
California jurisdiction and Grand Master
Workman Wiiliam Vinter and all the
grand officers. The Grand Lodge was
opened in due form with the grand master
workman in the chair.
The morning session was taken up with
the reading of the reports of the grand of
ficers. In the report of the grand master
workman occurs the following:
One year ago we -were depressed and anxious
as to our future, but through the dark clouds
could be iaint'y discerned a ray of light— the
hope th&t the Supreme Lcdze would approve
of me classified rate system.
As soon as the action ot the Supreme Lodge
was made known to me I deemed it of suffi
cient importance to reconvene the Grand
Lodge at the earliest possible inrment. On
September 1 ihe Grand Lodge reassembled and
by an almost unanimous vote adopted the
classified rate system, 'Ihe «i«dom of their
ection is already made manifest. Since Au
gust, 1896. nearly 2700 applications have
been received. In the whole year of 1895 we
initiated 470 candidates; In January or this
year we initiated 470— as many in one month
alone as the whole year of 1895 and 79 more
than the twelve mouths of 1894. And these
results have been attained under very adverse
conditions — hard times, sharp and energetic
competition. ■._'•'.
He pays a tribute to John Hoesch of the
official organ, and adds "we are deeply in
debted to the papers of the State, espe
cially The Call, for their courteous and
generous aid." He also praises the wort
of Frank S. Poland, deputy grand master
workman, and bad a good word for Dr.
i Day wait, the grand mrdical examiner, and
Grand Recorder David i?. Hirshberg.
The report of tlie grand recorder is an
interesting document. In this he says:
The financial transaction? are fully set forth
In detail in the exhibits herewith, where will
be seen that the volume of business was: Ben
eficiary fund $536,961 81; general fund,
$33,441 80; relief fund. $24,136 95; ilcCabe
lund, $10 05; total, $594,550 61.
The financial statement shows:
Liabities— By 310 death claims, 1896, at
52000, $620,000. Assets— To ca^h received,
beneficiary fund. 1896. $466,140 50: to esii
mated receipts ■ :i pending calls, 1896. $400—
total, $466 540 50; deficiency, $153,495 50.
Debtor— 77 death Claim* in the year
1896. unpaid, at $2000, $154,000. Credit—
hv balance alter paying 233 ueath claims,
1896, $140 50; by estimated receipts, pending '
calls. 1896 *-100; by deficiency (relief granted),
$153,459 50— 5154,0J0.
In the report of the grand trustees the
following recommendations are made:
It is recommended that the expenditure of
$15,000 lor extension be under the direction
and. control ot iho Board of Corporate Direct
ors.
It is recommended that a premium of $2 50
be paid for each new member secured to the
order to the person securing same.
It was concluded to be unwise to cease ex
tension work.
The compensation of the grand medical ex
aminer is recommended 10 be $1500 per an
num, which shall be the maximum amount of
compensation, to be paid at the rate of twenty
five cents p;r medical examination, provided
! '.at the maximum amount shall not exceed
$125 lor any one mouth.
Tne compensation of the grand recorder is
divided, instead of paid in bulk as heretofore,
I and an allowance made for each employe.
During the aiternoon session a resolu
tion was offered to have biennial instead
of annual suasions on tue ground of econ
omy, but there being a doitbt as the right
to :o this, the matter was referred to the
following committee: Sol Rodgers, C. E.
Snook, ¥. V. Wood, George IJ-ihrs and
William H. Jordan.
A resolution to discontinue the Califor
nia Workman, the official organ, was laid
over for discussion.
A resolution having for its object the
admission of non-beneficial members was
defeated.
A resolution to reduce the mileage fee
was referred to a committee.
A resolution was presented and referred.
It is that in view of tMe fact that t.ie
order has paid $34 000 for deaths by sui
cide, caused by poverty, the municipal
and State governments should proceed to
establish manufacturing and distributing
establishments for the employment of
the unemployed.
Past Grand Master C. B. Boothe of
Massachusetts, now a resident of Los An
geles, made an address after which the
lodge adjourned until this morning.
In the evening there was an exemplifi
cation of the iituali*tic work by the Pa
cific drill team of Pacific Lodge No. 7of
Oakland, assisted by Mount Hamilton
drill team of Mount Hamilton Lodge No.
43 of San Jose — and the institution of a
new lodge to be known as Perfection No.
309. The work was exceedincly well
done.
The election for grand officers will be
held to-morrow and it is possible the
•present grand master workman, William
j Vi.T.er, will be re-elected, as his work dur
ing the past year has been most satisfac
tory and was the subject of special com
mendation by the good of the order com
mittee during tne afternoon session. Tne
same committee also «poke in high term*
of the work of the grana recorder and
other grand officer?.
ACTIVITY IN DIVORCES.
Recent Knactmriiti lend to Ball the
Market for Separations.
Divorce suits were fi.ed in the County
Clerk's office yesterday as follows:
Charlotte R. Dickelman against Lewis
Dleke!man, for cruelty.
Charles H. Good against Annie Good
for desertion.
Flora Lsurizts against John Laurizts,
dcci dant convicted of a felony.
E izabsth C. Repass against Winfield
Re pass, failure to provide.
D-vorce* have been granted by the Su
perior Court of this City and County as
lollow- :
Margaret W. Root from Henry W«
Root, tor failure to provide.
Martha H. Dana from Henry S. Dana,
for cruelty.
Su«ie Keliing from Henry Kellinp, for
extreme cruelty.
Emma McMiillen from W. H. McMul
len, for willful neglect.
There is unusual activity in the divorce
business at present, owir.g to tne faj:t that
many hope to be legally separated before
April 26, when the law will go intoeffect ie
quirine that they may not remarry until
a year after their divorce.
"Wealthy Miuing Company.
The >nny Lind Mmm? Company hat been
incorporated and starts out with a capital
stock of $1,000,000 fully sub-cribed, which
shows au unusual degree of confidence of the
organizers in the new company. The incor
poraiom and stock holders are as follows:
Tom T. Lane, $999,500; C. D. Lane. $200;
L. W. Shinn,sloo: AA'inza Uay ward, $100;
H. G. Stevenson, $100.
THE SAS FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 7, 1897.
WILLIAM VINTER, Grand Master Workman.
GOLD FISHED
FROM OLD OCEAN
The Sunol's Safe Was Re
covered From the Bay
Yesterday.
It Contained Over $19,000 in
Bars lor the Seiby Smelt
ing Works.
To A. E Pryor and R. J R Aden
Belong the Credit of R gaining
the Precicu? Mtta'.
With a long pnll and a strong poll the
donkey enpine on the schooner Georgie
Woods lifted a saie con aining a little
The Scsne on Board the Schooner Georgie Woods Yesterday When
tht Sunol's Safe With $J9,000 in Bullion in It Was Being
Hoisted Aboard. Diver E. H. Dolph Can Be Seen Hang
ing Over the Schooner's Rail Directing Operations.
over $19,000 in bullion from the bottom of
the bay and landed It in sarety. Then
there were congratulations on all sides, as
nobody for a moiient thought that sne
ce;s would crown the first attempt.
When the river steamer Sunol was run
down by the Olympic and turned turtle,
her boilers, deckload and the safe in the
captain's room went to ti.e bottom of the
oay in thirteen fathoms of water. After
the steamer bad been picked up and towed
to a place of safety the wrecker Whitelaw
was put on the scene to dra? for the safe
and the bullion that went with it, in the
shape of lead bar?. In the neighborhood
of 175.000 of preciout metal went to the
bottom, and every effort was made to re
cover it. The Whitelaw recovered the
boiler and one bar of ore and a few mis
cellaneous articles, but thare was no sign
of the valuable goods.
The Piper- Aden-Goodall Company got
tired of waiting for results and General
Manager Pryor took the matter into his
own bands. All he used was a half dozen
boats from the company's fleet of schoon
ers, one tuc and tbs schooner Jessie Mat
son. In two hours the treasure was
located, bin the schooner broke away and
t:.e search had to be begun over a am
next day. Again it was located, and yes
terday the work of raising tbs sale b?can.
Diver E. H. Dolph was sent down and.
working under the most unfavorable cir
cumstance*, did one of the neatest jobs
ever done in his line.
The safe dropped Into the sand, bottom
down, and there became firmly embedded.
There were no handles on it and no place
to which the diver could affix a rope. By
digging into the sand with bis hands he
sot under one of the wheels and got a rope
under it. When he came up for a breath
ing spell almost every llu.er was bleeding
from the lacerations caused by working in
the ?and.
I> lpn went down again, and when he
pave tbe signal tho donkey engine went to
work and the safe was t&rown on its side.
Tnen he jrot a lot of wire rope and reeved
it in and ou: ot the socket of the wheel
until it was able to bear tde strain of
several tons. Then ie came up ttie side
of the schooner and gave tbe signal to
hoist away. For a moment tne suction
held the big safe, and then it came with a
rush. At the critical moment, the steam
on the donkey boner gaveout, and Messrs.
Aden and Pryor wero on tenterhooks.
Hopes were passed under tne safe and
made fa^t to the schooner so as to prevent
tne ««fe from sinking back again, but ;n a
few minutes the donkey engine liaa
generaVd so much steam, owine to
skillful nring, that she was blowine off at
tlie safety valve, and a ormple of turns ot
machinery landed the 119,000 prize on the
deck of the Georeie Woods.
The lead bullion, valued at $50,000, Is
all in a bunch and me work of recovering
it will be a simp c matter. The atver will
take down sacks with him, and as fast as
he can fill them they will be hauled
aboard. Tne work is easy and the chances
are that by to-night everything worth
saving will be on Washington-street
wharf.
Ihe Harbor Commissioners held a short
session yesterday and discussed the China
Basin question and toe lease to the San
Francisco and San Joaquin Valley Rail
road. Three questions propounded so
Tirey L. Ford, the board's attorney,
elicited the information that in his
opinion the railway company had for
feited its right to ths concession in the
China Basin. He was not prepared 10
say thai the directors of the road had not
used due diligence in the prosecution of
work m the basin, and wound up by say
ine that no action was necessary on the
part of tne board at this time. "If in the
future." said Mr. *'ord, "the State desires
to retake possession then the aueitioti
would come up in better snape. "In the
meantime the rights of the Stato will in
no wise be affected by the action on the
part of the Commissioners." Tho report
was filed.
The Samaria, from Nanaimo, B. C, for
San Francisco, is behind time and mer
chants are wondering. She sailed the
same day as the Ewell and the latter has
now been in port six days, but her cap
tain reports unusually ronph weather
during the entire trip. The Ewell, how
eyer, is a very fast boat, while the Samaria
is slow.
The Ris'ion Iron Works has been or
dered to begin wort on section 3 of the
new ferry depot before the 19th inst.
This section will comprise 199 feet, and
when the iron works has completed its
part of the job the framework of the en
tire structure will be up.
The proper distance betweta the tye*
is the width of one eye.
COLONEL YOUNG'S
STAR DETAIL
He Gets the Superinten
dency of Yellowstone
National Park.
Must Relinquish the Pleasant
Position ot Pest Commander
at the Presidio.
He Anticipates a Great Outing on the
March From Wal!a Wa!la to
Fort Yellowstone.
A few days since General James \V.
Forsytb, commanding the Department of
California, was advised by wire from
headquarters of the array at Washington
to make no assignment of summer duty
in tlio Yosemite National Park for Lieu
tenant-Colonel S. B. M. Younft, Fourth
Cavalry, as the department was preparing
orders for that officer. Colonel Young
was therefore expecting a cnange, but he
received the first definite intelligence of
the order of assignment irom the Wash-
LIEUTENANT-COLONEL S. B. M. YOUNG, Fourth Cavalry,
U. S. A., Appointed Acting Superintendent of the Yosetnite
National Park, Wawona, Cal.
ington dispatches published in The Call
yesterday morning. The order announces
that Colonel Young is to succeed Captain
Atiderson, Sixth Cavalry, as superintend
ent of Yoseniite National Park. This sta
tion Is regarded as one oi the most desir
able and important on the army list.
The position is a responsible one. and
involves largely the discharge of adminis
trative duties. In army circles it is under
stood thatCoionel Young's recent superin
tendency of the Yosemite National Park,
and the admirable manner in which ho
performed his duty in thatrejrion, enlisted
the attentfon of the War and Interior
departments.
In compliance with orders. Colonel
Young must soon relinquish hi- t>osition
as commander of the post at the Pre«idio.
H.s immediate successor at the Presidio
will probaby be Lieutenant-Colonel
Willotson. Third Artillery.
Troops D and 11, Fourth Cavalry, now
stationed at Walla Walla, Waab., will
march to the Yelicvstone Park, and on
arrival there relieve Troops D and L,
Etxth Cavairy. Colonel Youne's oiJeri
are that he proceed to Wu;la Wal!a and
march wi:h the column across the country
to the park.
Yesterday at Presidio headquarters Colo
nel Youd", Colonel Wiilotsnn and Captrin
Stevens discussed the probable route of
march and measured the distance by the
maps. The number of miles to be marched
will not fall short of 600. Colonel Young
has never served in that region of coun
SEW TO-DAY.
WHY SO MANY REGULAR PHYSICIANS FAIL
To Cure Female Ills— Somo True Reasons Why #^^v^
Mrs. Pinkham is More Successful Than { IkL
A woman is sick : some disease peculiar to her _jfi^l-<'ffi&glLJ' '^^"K.
sex is fast developing in her system. She goes jffojnßtJ jfiCTrfflrai^l^ *^A
to her f.imily physician and tells him a
becomes agitated, forg-ets what she wants Iffl!ffB^TwfCAhp TyBSfTqJHH^
Still, we cannot blame the wo- ■^H^BpaPMEMfifiKfe'^^raßß^jHw fi
years ago Mrs. Lydia E. Pink- _ .
ham, at Lynn, Mass., determined to step in and help her sex. Having had consid-
erable experience in treating female ills with her Vegetable Compound, she en-
couraged the women of America to write to her for advice in regard to their
complaints, and, being a woman, it was easy for her ailing sisters to pour into
: her ears every detail of their suffering. , "
In this way she was able to do for them what the physicians were unable
to do, simply because she had the proper information to work upon, and
from the little group of women who sought her . advice years ago a great
army of her fellow-beings are to-day constantly applying for advice and re-
lief, and the fact that more than one hundred thousand of them have been
successfully treated by Mrs. Pinkham during the last year is indicative of
the grand results which are produced by her unequaled experience and
training. „.; ..
No physician in the world has had such a training, or has such an amount
of information at hand to assist in the -treatment of all kinds of female ills,
from the simplest local irritation to the most complicated diseases of the womb.'
This, therefore, is the reason why Mrs. Pinkham, in her laboratory at
Lynn, Mass., is able to do more for the ailing women of America than the
family physician. Any woman, therefore, is responsible for her own suffering
who will not take the trouble to write to Mrs. Piskham for advice.
The testimonials which we are constantly publishing from grateful women
jstablish beyond a doubt the .power of Lydia E. Pinkhams Vegetable Con>
pound to conquer: female diseases. _ . , ..
try, hence he anticipates a fin© outing on
tne leisurely ride irom Walla Walla to
Fort Yellowstone.
Captain Stevens knows all about the
routine of duty on the Yellowstone reser
vation as he was gtationed there for a long
time. He speaks highly of t; c hotels, the
completeness of their equipment, and says
that daring summer iuontna the park "is
visited by di-<tiu<;aished tourist* irom all
quarters of tne globe. Tne roads are good
nnd the bridges superior, but much re
mains in the way of road extension.
The Government makes ample annual
allowance for the maintenance of the
park. The transportation companies run
ning the stauo lines on the reservation
aii't the parties conductine the hotels are
required by the superintendent to serve
the public in a proper manner. The park,
owing to its accessibility by rail, is a great
resort for newly wedded pairs. Cabinet
officers. Senators, eminent jurists, diplo
mats and wealthy travelers seek the solace
of the great reservation in the summer
season.
It is thought by army people that the
Yosemite National Par* miplu be:n.de to
the Pacific Coast what the Yellowstone is
to the East if our public-spirited citizens
and transportation companies should
spend some money to make it accessible
and ihe State appropriate means to main
tain tiret-class hotels in the valley. The
Yellowstone, with all its gorgeous color
ing and natural beuuiies. cannot equa:
the wonders and fascination of the Yo
seroite.
Colonel Young expects that the oriers
from Wasbinstun will reach the Presidio
next week. He may be able to leave for
Will a Walla by the 16th inst-
LORING CLUB CONCERT.
An Excellent l'mgrammg Spiritedly
Keudered at Its Third Concert
in Oild Fellows' Hail.
The Lorinp Clnb gave its third concert
of the twentieth season in Social Hall,
Odd Fellows' building, last night. There
was a pentifnl attendance and standing
rocm wis &t a premium.
The club was assisted in its renditions
ny Mr.". Elgar J. Malragran. soprano;
Mrs. Carmic.iae'.-Carr, pianist, and D. P.
Hughes, director.
The programme was sDinteJly rendered
and evoked rounds of applause after each
selection. It was as follows:
••In May time" (Billeier); "'Bedouin Song"
(Foote); soprano solo, (a) 'Du Bist Wie Eine
Blame" (Wilson G. Smiih). (6) "hummer Even
ing" (Lassen); 'The (Joniloti-r" (Schubert);
"Sunset" (Bi.leter); "Italian Salaa" (Genee);
"Hush!" (Neidlinger); soprano solo, (a)
"Winds In the Trees" (Thoma-), (6) "The
Hean's Fancies" (Thomas); "Lougbeard's
Saga" (Lloyd).
ETAN WANTS TOO MUCH.
His Match With Green Declared Off In
Consequence.
The superintendent of the Olympic
Club, William J. Kennedy, received a dis
patch from Tommy Rj-an of Syracuse,
N. V., j"esterday, which stated that Rran
will not meet Green in this City unless the
Olympic Club will give a $5000 purse and
aiiow $.500 for the expenses of the welter
weight, to the coss'. Ryan also stipulates
thai Siler must be the referee and thai be
be allowed $1000 and his expenses to and
from the coast.
Kennedy answered the message and
said in brief: "Match off; you've got cold
feet."
Leader Howard Taylor states that the
club will ?eccre first-class talent and a
show will be given in the first week in
May at the Pavilion.
Whatever others say, I ho".d
It is a burning sfaarae
The way the gas bills mount and mount
Whi c lower sinks the flame.
SEW TO-DAY.
Schilling's Best
Pound Half-pound
Japan 50 c 25 c
English Breakfast 60 30
Oolong 75 4O
Ceylon $l So 40
Blend $1.25 65
Money-back tea
KEW TO.DAT-A«rSEME!m
BALDWIN THEATER.
Ai.jd±XMAX 4kljUh iliiri-rxiral*l).....Ji'ropi:.j^i:i
2d WEEK— ENGAGEMENT OF
OTIS SKINNER
To-night and Friday Night,
The New and Successful Koman:ic Drama,
"1 SOLDIER OF FORTUNE."
SPECIAI/-Thnrsday Night "HAMLET"
SatnrJ*/ Matinee .... •■KUMKO AND JULIET*
Muunt.i.- >"igbt— Grand Donb'e Hill — ••MKR-
CHA.N'T OK VKMOK"aud 'KAiUKIUSK
AND PETRUCHIO."
If EXT WKEK-TDlrd and Last of
otis jsiE^xisrixriai^.
Monday mil Saturday Evenings.
"RICHARD III."
Tuesday Evg. and sat. ilai.,
"Li-A-IDY OF 1 LYONS."
tUT beats ileady Thursday.
SUNDAY. APRIL 18
PRiaiROSK & WEST'S MINSTRELS.
CALIFORNIA TH^ATcr?.
ALIiAYUA.vi 10. (Incorporated) L«is«ei
GR\SD OPERA >KA->ON— Famous
FRENCH :-: OPERATIC :•: ORGANIZATION!
F. CHABLKY IMPRESARIO.
FAREWELL NIGHTS and SATURDAY MAT.
POSITIVELY. FAREWELL WEEK!
17th SUBSCRIPTION PERFORMANCE.
TO-NIGHT (Wednesday)— ♦•AlDA.'»
Friday, April 9 HAMLET
(Benefit HENltl ALBKKS).
Saturday Matinee. April 10 CARMEH
Saturday Evening. April 10— IMMKSbE BILL.
Second act " 1/Africalne," intermezzo "Cavil-
lPrta Buuicana." third an ■' La Favorita "
overture " William Tell." •' La i.Vavarr*ise,"
and Grand Ballet from "Faust."
(Sunday Evening, April 11— Grand Poonlar Per-
formance—" i a Traviaia " and a Orand Ballet.
Prices. 50c to $1 60.
f KICOLAWJLR.OOTTLOD^ G?- uj«3 AnDruruttus-- ,
LAST FIVE 71 MATIXEK
MIGHTS! | SATURDAT. ,
MR. and MRS. RUSS WHYTAL
In the Romantic Drama, or Mr. Whvtal,
"FOR FAIR VIRQINIA"
Original Cast and Complete scenic Production.
» SPECIAL ANNOUNCKMKNT!
MONDAY EVENING. APRIL 12,
MISS GEORGIA CAYVAN
AND HER ADMIRABLE COJIPANY
PBIS3CSTXXQ
Robert Buchanan's Charming Pastoral Dram
"SQUIRE ATE."
Seats and lioxe.i on Sa'e TO-j!ORRO\V (Thurs-
day) MORNING.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUS2
klsa.EßxsaTixic Khei.iv «. Proprietor >£ -M*n»j»c
LAST NIGHTS r-
Of the Spectacular Operatic Burlesque,
DON JUAN!
(AD LIB.)
EVERYTHING .NEW IN
MIRTH MUSIC DANCE
NEXT "WEEK!
The Romantic Irisn Of era,
THE LILY OF KILLARNEY:
(The Colleen Bawn).
Popular Prices 25c and 500
MOROSCO'3
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WALiiIK 31OB0SCO...S01) Lessee and -Uaa x ;*:
STUPF.yPOUS PRODUCTION
Of the Woaderfullv .successful Melodrama.
TIKE STO-W7A."TO"A-T:
A Realistic Represent atlon, with K«« Scenery,
tlabora:e Appointment* and f-nrprismsc Effects.
t-Pr-C'IAL ENGAGEMENT
Of the Gracetul, !~parKlms t-oubrette,
MOLLIK THOMPSON.
• " Wonderfully Real Yacht Scene!
Keal Safe Bloiru Open!
Evenlner Prices— lOc, 25c and 500.
31atluees >atur<l;i.y ami Santl»r.
ANOTHER KOIINTEOUS BILL I —
TO-N*GHT— First times of
DELJItIKK aid LEt, Kevolvin - Ladder Per- i
formers, and TITiiMA. UescriDtlveTo.-dancer, i
In coo]unc:ion with BAR.NW A «ISS'JN.
JOHNS V and EMMA BAY, the 4 COHANS, ihe 3 ,
RICHARDS, the 3 VILONA SISTERS. MISSJ
IJLLIE LAL'KEL, WERNER it RIEDER, and a
Great Olio of Novelties I
MATINEE TO-DAY (WEDNESDAY).
Parquet, any seat. 25c: Balconr. uny «ea^ in.
Children. lUc any part of the house.
Concerts in the Orpneara Annex everr evening.
ft I nH7CD ANOTHER
ALCAZAR j TRiLn s p " c L ESS!
Belasco&Layallle.M rs. I SUCCESS I
A Crowded and Delighted Audience Last Night
Heartily Indorsed the Great Old Kng Ish Comedy,
i * "\ktiijl> o^^ts:"
Artistically and Beautifully Payed by the Superb
Alcazar Company, Including
GEORGE OSBOUKSE and HCGOTOLAND.
Our I'opular Prlc.-s. Seats by Telephone. Black 99l
Racing: ' racing: racing:
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB — ■
WINTER MEETING. 1896-97.
Beginning Monday, April 5, to April 17. Inclusive
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racing Mondar. Tuesday, Wednesday.
'J.hur»dajr, Friday and Saturday.
Kainor shine.
FIVE OB MOKE RACES EACH DAT.
Races Start at 2:15 P. M. Sharp — -
Ferry Boats leave San Francisco at 12 M. ant
12:30.1 .00. 1 :00, 2:00. i:.Ht» and 3 r. m.. connect-
in; with trains stopping a; the entrance to tract
Buy your ferry ticlceis to shell Mound.
Returning— Trains leave the Tract at 4:15 aal
4:45 p. m. and immediately after the las'. race.
THOMAS U. WILLIAMS JK, President
R. B. iIILKOY, secretary. , ... ■
LURLIESALT WATER BATHS,
Cor. Bnsii and Larkin sts.— Kecent Improvements.
KXAXBLKD SWIMMING TANK.
Additions to Tab Department. .
Admission, 10c. Admission, Including swim, 250
Open Day and Kvonint;. ; -
SUTRO BATHS. S
GRAND MAYDAY FESTIVAL!
All children wishing to take part call at Scottish
IU:I, Laricin and Grove streets.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN DAILY— 7 A. 31. TO 6P. M.
Grand Concert very Sunday Auoniooij.
General Admission. lOu; Cblldran, its
THE CHUTES.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND KVKMXG,
MAM OPELAIR PERF»RXIIGEB!
ANIMATO&COPE Every Sight.
ADMISSION, 10c. tlliLDlij^N, 50.
78
AN EYE FOR A
FILLED TOOTH
J. E. McFadden Will De
mand It of Consul
Pringle.
A Story of How Americans Are
Abused in President Barrios'
Realm.
United States Minister Cox in Guate
mala Informs This Government
of Another Cruel Outrage.
"Do you know Consul Pringle, who rep
resents the United States in Guatemala?
I am going to pull his eye out as soon as
bis term of office is finished, when he
J. E. McFADDEN, "Who "Was Imprisoned in Guatemala, and Who j
Makes Serious Charges Against United States Consul
Pringle in Earrios* Realm.
pasnes through this City on his way to
"Washington."
This startling announcement was made
yesterday at the Palace Hotel, by J. E.
bklcFadaen, who arrived here on the
steamer Colon on March 30, from Guate
mala.
McF adden is an old-tame residen t of this
State, and as a trusted employe he has for
years been in charge of the swell stations
on the cocstail route.
It is he who mixed the Santa Cruz rum
punch that Patti drank in Ernest
Hacquette's art gallery twelve years ago,
and who subsequently was foolish enough
to heed the advice of Eddie Morphey
calling him to Japan to concoct mint
juleps for the Mikado. That venture was
unsatisfactory to an extreme, as the de
capitation of his body was threatened at
one time, because somo high dignitary
dallied too long with ths captious South
ern drink.
McFadden left here for the realm of
Rena Barrios on February 8 of this year,
to take charge of ttie American Club,
which occupies the President's old man
sion opposite the Grand Opera-house in
Guatemala. He arrived in that country
February 1:6 and took Up quarters in the
new Grand Central Hotel, which Presi
dent .Barrios has erected at las own ex
pense to accommodate the expected visit
ors to the Guatemalan exposition.
"sow that I have '.worn to my state
ments and they have become official docu
ments. I do not mini! bpeaJcinv o; them
for publication," said Mr. McFaduen.
"I have sworn to allidavits before
United States Minister Cox at Guatemala,
and he has forwarded them to Washing
ton, accompanied by his own. relating to
the outrageous treatment inflicted upon
me in Guatemala by President Barrios
and his minions.
"I had been in Guatemala but a couple
of week?, and it was well known that I
had considerable monej' on my person. I
met the lively and best set in the place,
and, whi.e it is contrary to the law to
gamble, 1 did so to the extent of shaking
dice on several occasions ior money, just
as the Chief of Police and even President
Barrios does hi his own house or at the
club.
"Among the men I met through the
American colony and oth»-r good people
in the country was the chief engiueerof
the penitentiary. We and otherj st.nok
dice in a private residence and I won
some trifle. The next night I was pulled
out of my bed by some soldiers a:irt
brought to a dungeon in the prison. I
remained there thirty-six hours until I
was given a trial and acquitted of any in
tent to violate the Jaws 01 the country.
''Wtiile in jail in a fetid veimi'i inhabit
ed cell I was permitted to send out ruet
pengers to United Mates Minister Cox and
United Slates Consul Prinze- Tho former
is a new appointee in tlse place of the late
General Young, and being not only new
in the country, but a very young man, he
•was at a loss to know how to act. Consul
Fringle, however, failed absolutely to pay
uny attention to m.> case, and when after
my acquittal by the native police fudge I
went to him for redress he blandly a^ked
me: 'How much money have you pot ?'
"Think of it; the incarceration in a vile
dungeon and tne taking away irom me of
all my property was not sufficient for this
representative of the United States Gov
ernment to iook into the matter without
his knowing how much money 1 had.
"I told him that every dollar I dad was
taken Irom me at iho tinio of my arrest.
lth.cn had $2140 in paper rnonev ntiu sil
ver and $110 In gold. All I asked Prlngla
to do was to gei me my money, and I
would be only too happy to go back
home.
"Minister Cox gave me all the sympathy
he could, but declared himself powerless
to act in the matter, excepting to make an
olficial report to the home Government in
regard to the case, which has been done.
"When I was liberated from my thirty
six hours in jail and acquitted of all
criminality I spent six days about the
police station trying to recover my money
and my gold watch and chain that had
been taken from me.
"Minister Cox, who is now in Guate
mala, and unaware of the ropes, referred
me to this man Pringle to attend to my
case. Frinele simply sat back and told
me he would uot act unless he saw his fee
in advance.
"While I was in the penitentiary for a
day and a half I had an experience that
nsig&t be amusing to one with a strong
degree of humor. I hRd been stripped of
all my valuables, excepting a tiny gold
band "on this finger. I have worn it for
years, and unles« it was cut off it could
not ha removed. I was anxious to get a
message out of the Jail to the Consul or
Minister and begged my jaiier to convey
it. Tne fellow wanted pay, which I was
unable to eive him. He saw my gold rinc
and demanded that I Rive it to him.
'Take it off,' I said, langhinglv, proffering
my hand and smilinc. As I opened my
mouth the jailer noticed my teeth filled
with gold, and he pointed to them, un
mistakably indicating that he wanted
them too."
Mr. McFadden relates how he became
thorough!}' dishe;irtene.l with Consul
Pringle's efforts to recover his properly,
and giving up all hope he was on his way
to tne consulate to tell Pringle how he
le!t, when he was encountered r.y a police
man who handea him $110 in gold, a por
uon of t:ie money ho had on nis person
when arrested, and intimated it would be
a safe thing to leave town on the next
train.
"1 went to Minister Cox and informed
him of what had happened. He was
greatly put out, but advised me to wait
until h'* heard from Washington. I told
him I could not do so, as I was virtually
penniless. Consul Pringle told me that
tlie best thing for rue to do was to 'get
out' and to trtKe chances on his recover
ing my money and jawelry by 'diplo
matic correspondence.'
"When Consul Pnncle reaches this
City in a few months I will have much
pleasure in rehearsing this affair with
him and incidentally pulling out one of
his eyes.
"As to my hopes of recovering my prop
erly, I have buried them.' 1
THE ARMY COLONY CLUB
Interesting Meeting of the Fam
ilies of the Colo
nists.
Itemized Cost of the Little Ranches
and How They May be Paid
For.
The first meeting of the Salvation Army
Colonization Club was held last evening
at the Institute on New Mont. ornery
street. The club is composed of the 200
men who have registered as beinz dcs r
ous of acquiring a little homestead on the
colony plan.
The hall at the Salvation Array Insti
tute was tilled last evening by the families
of those who have registered. The plan
of thf colony and by what magic the
members were to come into possession of
a farm and a house irlti out money was
explained by Major William A. Mc
lruyre. Major Wincliell bfiinir incapaci
tated by c. cold. Ma jor Mclntyre said that
every one ol the little ranches would be
supplied with a cow and fifty chickens.
Tne product of these, above the con
snmption of the family, would be turned
into a general depot under tho manage
ment of the ar:ay or the colony, and a
market found for it. It was .estimated
that this surplus would pay for all the
other necessities of the family — in otner
words that the cow and chickens would
support the family, leaving the product
of the land to go toward paying for the
ranch.
It wan estimated further, that th«> cul
tivation of t!ie land would realize $75 per
acre ncr venr, so that it would soon clear
off the debt, leaving the colonist an owner
in fee. The cost of the ranch, with im
provements, stock, etc., waß given as fol
lows:
Lard five acres, at $50 per acre, $250; house,
$50; windmill, $50; barn aud chicken yard,
.^SO; siock. one cow, fifty chickens, .^SO; inci
dentals, taxes, etc., .fSO; total, $500.
George H.Maxwell of the Chamber of
Commerce committee made a short and
practical address. He said this whole
matter depended for its success upon
nothing so much as education in the
business of getting product out of tne
earth.
A stereopiicon show of California farms
followed, with ruusic. Great interest was
manifested.
PULVE RIZING ' OLAY~BIRDS.
Gun Clubs Will lie Out in Force Next
Sunday.
The admirers of artificial-birds hooting
are making ready for a great day's sport
next Sunday and the following clubs have
announced meetings for that day as fol
lows: Reliance Gun Club shoot at Web
ster-street grounds; Golden Gate tourna
ment at Alameda Junction; Empire Clob
shoot and fifty-bird match at Alameda
Point; Olympic Gun Club shoot at Ingle
side, which will finish with an open twen
ty-five bird race, $10 added.
Somo wild pig«ons wwreshot near Pleas
anton on Sunday by local sportsmen and a
party «if huniers will start for Boulder
Creek on Saturday next where birds are
said to be very plentiful.
Several canvasback ducks still remain
on the bay evidently resting before taking
their northern night.
linji v j-i- Jlon.v.
John 11. Kemp, a grocer doing business at
the corner ol Sutler and Fillmore streets, was
convicted of selling adulterated honey by a
jury in Judge Campbell's court last evening.
fas evidence went to show that his honey was
95 per cent glucose.
Insolvency off a Farmer.
Jesse Smith, a farmer, residing in San Benito
County, hos filed a petition in Insolvency
He owes Sj-4l>B 25 and has $50 north oX house
hold goods at 12 Bi'.ch strccLj
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 7, 1897.
THERE WILL BE
TWO BRIDGES
No Agreement Possible for
Building a Joint
Structure.
Conferences Between the South
ern Pacific and Supervisors
Futile.
General M nrger Kruttschnitt Decides
That "Loop" Trains Are
Inexpedient.
It can now be stated on the authority of
a Southern Pacific official that there will
continue to be two bridges across OaKland
Creek.
When the Treasui y Department ordered
that the spans of the bridges now crossing
Oakland Creek at Alice street and Web
ster street be increased from 90 fen to 150,
the Southern Pacific Company at once
prepared plans and specifications for a
new bridge across Ahce street, over
which they proposed to run both their
bioad and narrow gauge trains. These
were forwarded to Washington and in due
time approved. If this plan of using one
br.dge lor all the trains were carried out
by ihe Southern Pacific Company it would
leave the bridge for vehicles, streetcars
and pedestrians to be built by the county
of Alameda. '
Realizing this fact the Supervisors of
that county asked for a conference with
the railroad people for the puriose of dis
cussing a plan for a single joint bridge,
the cost of construction and maintenance
to be shared between the county and the
railroad company. Among the proposi
tions discussed was a doutile-deck bridge,
one floor to be used for trains and the
oiher for ordinary tralftc ; another scheme
was to construct an unusually wide affair
tnat wouid afford ample room lor double
railroad tracks, lor isireetcar tracks, tora
wagon road and lor a wa!k. Several con
ferences were had, but the views ol the
iwo parties were so far apart tha: no
agreement was posaiDle.
The railroad people have finally come
to tne conclusion that it will oe useless 10
continue any lurther negotiations with
the Alameda County Supervisors unde
tne circumstances. They say tfsat evei
at the best the construction ol a join
bridge would be of little be.ieti; to an>
one, and would, in all probability, only
prove a subject of future contentions.
The exten&ion granttd by the Wash
ington author. t:es «-xpires in'Juiy at 1898
and it is the desire of the railroad com
l>any to begin work in ample time to com
pieie it wit u in the specified time.
There l.aye been several suggestion
made by residents across the bay lo
obviating tha necessity of any railroad
bridge across the cs vary. These involve
the runninz oi "loop" trains from both
the broad and narrow gauge moles, bo as
to make the circuit around Oakland Creek
via Fruitvale from one mo;e to the other.
General Manager Kruttschnitt, when me
matter wma called to his attention, said
the idea had occurred to him, but was
cast aside, as n won d seriously incon
venience the large number of passengers
who now use the narrow gauge in eoing
to O.iKland from this side and thos? who
use the broad gauge in going to Alurcedu.
This class of passengers is now carried
direct by way of the bridges across Oak
hind Creek. Under the loop system the
Oakland people would either have io wait
for the broad-gauge trains and ferr es or
viouid have to be carried around Fruitvale
and be at least fifteen minutes longer on
their journey than at present, while the |
Alameda reMdents would have t<TConnne
their patronage to the narrow-^auge car
riers or swing three-quarters Broutid a
circle instead of a quarter or a third as
now.
It is, under the circumstances, the pur
pose of the Southern Pacific Company to
buiid a new br.dge of its own designing
and for its *o!e use across Oakland Creefe
at Alice street and to continue to operate
its trains and ferries as at prevent.
ROW IN A SALOON.
George Miller, a Jockey, ana James
Eold Use Their Knives With Dis
astrous .Effect.
Warrants were sworn out yesterday be
fore Judge Low for the arrest of George
Miller, a jocKey, and James Reid, a horse
trainer, on the cnarge of assault to
murder.
T!i» complaining witnesses nre Fred h.
Homers, bartender for Frank Dunne, and
Dennis Fiynn, who is employed in the
Appraiser's building. Somers was unable
to leave his bed and the Judge went to his
house, where the complaint wis sworn to.
Somers and Flynn were in Tobey's sa
loon on Post street. between Grant avenue
and Stockton streets, early Sunday morn
ing after induleing in a Turkish bath,
when Miller and Reid entered. The two
latter were under the influence of Jiquor
and quarreled witi Someru and Flynn. A
fight f.llowed. and Miller and Jteid, it is
alleced, drew a knife each and slashed
KEW TO-DAT
5j Mr. Benjamin Wood, one of the Eastern B
1 managers of the firm of S. N. Wood & Co., if
fl known as the Columbian Woolen Mills, has fl
|j left New York on his way to San Francisco H
M to inaugurate the largest clothing sale ever M
fl held in this city. jl
I H '
Soruers and Flynn on the face and bead.
Flynn escaped with a cut on the forehead
which j-evered an artery, but Somers was
cut several times.
TRAP-SHOOTERS' DAY.
A Fcaat of Sport for the Lovers of
Inanimate > Target Shoot
ing.
An open-to-all clay-bird tournament,
which gives promise of bring one of the
star trap-shooting features of the season,
will be held at the Pacific Tournament
Grounds on May 2, and as it will be under
the management of the firm of Clabrough,
Golcher & Co. it can be safely said that
everything will be carried off in a manner
that will please all.
The prizes are valuable, and, as no en
trance fee will be charged, a large out
pouring of trap-shooters is expected. A
:-ystem of handicapping will be adopted
whereby tho "crackerjacks" will be penal
ized ao as to bring them as nearly as pos
sible on an equality with the ordinary
trap-shooier. Tue profits accruing from
the shoot will \>e divided among the lucky
contestants. The pr.zes are as follows:
First— Choice of two hammerless guns.
S.coud— The hammerkss gun not taken by
winner of first prize.
Third— Kepntiug rifle, 38.55 caliber; one
pair driving glover.
Fourth— Repealing rifle, 22 caliber ; one set
cleaning implements.
Filth— One 0.1-kiu suit ; 300 smokeless car
tridge.'-; 5 1-ponmi cans C. I. W. '
. Sixth— One pair rubuer burning boots; one
quarter kee fcmckeless powder; three 1-pouud
cans C. P. W.
Seventh — Quarter dozen white shirts to
order; live pounds powder; one hand pro
tector.
Eignth — One mepaphone; 200 smokeless
cartridges; two 1-pouncl cans C. I*. W.
Ninth— One learner gun case; quarter keg
powder; one cleaner.
Tenth— One pair leggins; one 5-pour.d keg
powder; one hunting cap.
Twenty birds— Entrance $1, $25 added; six
moneys ; clmss snooting; ai. ties divided.
One Bet of traps will be reserved ior those
who wish to practice or make specia'. matches.
Cartridges and lui:ch on the grounds.
IN THE VAN OF PROGRESS
Important Improvements De
manded by the People Near
ihe Panhandle
Numerous y Si^-.ed P t tions lo B
Presented to the Eoard of
Supervisors
More than the usual amount of import
ant business was considered at the mrei
ing last night of the Panhandle and Ash
bury Heights Improvement Club, at
which Dr. C. D. Salfield presided.
The committee on street light reported
the need of arc lights on Salvador street,
t-etween Haight and Beulah, and on the
Corner of Shrader and Waller sir ets.
The committee on park lighting reported
that the Park Commissioners are about to
begin the erection of an electric light
plant in Golden Gate Park, which is de
signed to light at first the panhandle from
Baker street to Eighth avenue. Later the
h^hti will be extended to the ocsan beach .
The cemmittee on j>ol.ce reported the
! completion of the new pol:c9 station on
■ O'Farrell street, n -nr Devisadero, and that
' the Police Department had taken posses
| sion of it, thus giving proper police pro
\ tection to she entire district.
The committee on the improvement of
Buena Vista Park reported the necessity
of an appropriation for the improvement
of the park, and suggested that the same
be provided for in the next tax-levy.
Petitions to the Doara of Supervisors
were jidopted and numerously signed as
follows:
IFor the improvement of Oak street, between
Baker and Simiyan, and «.£ Stunvan street, be
tween Oak and Halght, rr these tire the only
streets by which the Affiliated Colleges, the
Almsliousp Tract and Balboa boulevard can
be reached.
Asking that the Market-Street Railway Com
lir t lie improvement cf take up its between
cr and Staiiyau, and <>i Stanvan street, be
ta Oak and Haiuht, rk these lire the only
ets by which ihe Affiliated Colleges, the
shouse Tract and Kalboa boulevard can
eitched.
iking that the Market-street Railway Cor
ny b3 compelled to take up its unused
track* and conduits on Oak street.
Requesting the Park Commissioners to move
back the vide walk two Xcct on the west Bide 01
ivan street, between Oak and Halglit, so
that it will be uniform with the other side of
the street.
For a fire-alarm bex on the corner of Fell
street and Masonic avenue.
For stone sidewalks on Hayes street, be
i tween Lvon street ami Men .nit: HV.nue, cx
i cept where bituminous or Midi sidewalks are
j now laiu; fur bitamlqiz iiji Haight Mreet, be
i tweeu ("eneral avenue and Stanyan street, and
] for piaciiiß sidewalks on hoih side^of tne
I street through the Heard estate property.
For the purchase of a lot and the erection
I thoreon of a schoolhouse in the district west of
Uaker street and north of the panhandle, as
' the nearest srhoolhouso was non at the ccr
' net of McAllister aii'l liroderick streets.
A petition ad'lresscl to Postmaster Frnnfc
HeCoffin was alta nriopten, asking that a
brancii postoiJiee be established at some point
on Haight sueei where it will be mostcon
venlent for the people of t lie district, as the
nearest post< flice is located on Hayes street,
near l,aguua. two m.les distant.
THE LABOR UNIONS.
Iturbers' Free Kinplujrinont Bureau a
>in i !■• -, liiioiit «, I§ Itrisk AVi.li
the 11... •" -slim r-
At the Journeyman Barbers' Union
meeting last, evening eighteen new mem
bers we c initiated. This was one of the
beneficial resuits of the new free employ
ment bureau, over which I. Less pre*idos
as secretary at 34 Fourth street. Less last
night reported that he hnd tilled a large
number of positions since the bureau
started, and the work done in this depart
ment is giving great satisfaction to the
employers and the barbers themselves.
.Many barbers have been sent to fill
positions in the interior cities and coun
iry towns and every week a large number
of temporary jobs are filled. This was
the lirst report ever made by a barbers'
employment secretary to a union in tuis
City and it afforded the members much
satisfaction.
The union's secretary reported that all
the sick benefits for the local beneficiaries
have arrived from the international head
quarters in the East, and the same have
been duly disbursed.
A meeting of the Journeymen Horse
shoers' Local Union No. 25 met in i'.s new
quarters, at 1159 Mission street, last even
inft, and four new members were initiated.
The report was made by the secretary that
business in general is good, and the pros
pects are for improvement. It was de
cider to keep np the right against Lynch's
non-union shop, on Mission street.
Information was received from the In
ternational headquarters at Philadelphia
that the organizers of that body are to
__ • NEW TO-DAY.
THE FIRE OF Iff El
The Wonderful Vitalizing Electric Currents Which
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt Sends Leaping Over
the Nerves,' Carrying Joy and Gladness to the
Heart, Saturating the Body With the Fire of
Youth— lt Makes Old Men Young and Young
Men Manly.
I • 'H . *'/ j \ } \ >
Every spark is a Jl Its touch is the
wave of animal life \\^G3^ touch of magnet-
sweeping into the "^BpKKS§£- — the health-
body Every mo-^l^ :s§S ful essence of vi-
ment it provides tality that makes
new energy. //ijnv N men strong.
ArEN, WHY WILL YOU BE WEAK? WHY DO YOU NOT LISTEN TO THE
flight of time, to the echo of the thousands of eratefui voices raised in thanks to
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt? Why do you go on irom day to day realizing that you
are iosins; your nerve force, your manhood, when you sea a cure within your grasp?
Reach for if take it to your heart and feel the life-blood flowing, jumping, dancing
through your veins; ;eel the einiiarating spark of manly power warm your frame,
the bright flash come to your eye and the firm grip to your. hand — the grip which
clasps your fel!ow-man and tells him that you have found a Mccca — you have re- ,
gained your manhood. Act to-day.- Do not delay a matter which if the key to your
future happiness. Do not allow a disease to destroy alt possibility of future pleasure
! for you. Whatever your condition to-day, you will not improve as you grow older.
Age calls for greater vital force, and the older you get the more pronounced and ap-
parent will be your weakness. So cure it now — cure it.
Others Are Cured, Why Not You?
The following ore extracts from letters recently received:
"I feel altogether a different man. I have worn your Belt thirty days, and if I improve ns
much the next month I shall b; a well man. My waste of power has stopj.et and I feel- so
bright and ireOi that 1 am more than pleased with the Belt." — J. D. Gibson, Shasta, Cul.
"When I first put your Belt on four months ago I could not walk. I was so badly paralyzed.
Now 1 can walk a mile without even a crutch or a cane. lam improving all the time and ex-
pect to be entirely cured soon." — George K. Bliss, box 191, Reno, Nev.'
"Your Belt has done me a great deal of good. I have not nad an ache or a pain since I
commenced to wear it. My wife has had rheumatism for years, and it has done her lots of
Kooii. There is no question about the merits of your iJelt. 1 would not take $50 for mine."—
George Hadeell. box 01, MHtitas. Cal.
"I purchased your Bslt for organic weaKness and pain in the back. By Its use my powers
are completely restored and the pain is all gone. I would not part with my belt for anything,
if 1 could not set another." — Charles F>rrest, 310 Twelfth street, San Francisco, Cal.
"I am feeling fine and in great spirits. My trouble Is a 1 gone and I am getting stronger
every day." — C. A. Fischer, Santa Clara, Cal.
"I am much improve! in every respect and have confidence in myself that I never In my
life before thought of liavin;. 1 used to bs always thinking o! my trouble and imagined
everybody else knew about my weakness. Now I feel stronger than any one. I can feel the
current from the Belt warming up my body and putting new life into all the parts. lean
never be too grateful to you." — E. M. Stiodgrass, Albion, Idaho. .\. *.;.■..:
■ Iff • | m f *. m f
While You Are Young
Tho time is ripe. While the vital spark is still warm it can easily be fanned to flame
by Electricity, and Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt will make you strong if you try it now.
No man can appreciate the depth of this subject who does not study it. No one
knows wherein he is weak unless he compares his condition with another. No one
knows the means of curing unless some one tells him. Five hundred grateful men
describe their cure by Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt for your benefit in the little book,
•'Three Classes of Men," which will be sent sealed free, by mail. Call or address
SAEMDEN ELECTRIC CO.,?iflffi &BESJL-
I Cilice tours— A. M. to 8 P.M.: Sundays. 11) to L Los Antrelui Office '201 south Bro*l-
way ; I'ortland. 0r.. U53 Washing street; Denver. Colo., 935 Sixteenth street.
ivC/ii..— junto no mistake m me aumDer-BSa Market street- Make note of it
; Dll. SAXDEN'B KLKCTRIC THUS* CCI'.KS KUPTUKE.
I • ■ n * i
A gentleman of a methodical habit, who had adopted the practice of retaining a. cot»» nt
every prescription issued by his family physician, became interested as time went on to note -
that the same ingredients were pretty certain to b« prescribed at some point of the treatment
of every case. For a . poor appetite, or a sore throat, for 1 restlessnesi which disturbed
baby I sleep, and for trcukle. which beset the aged grandparents, the favorite remedy waa
always turning up. although "lightly modified from time to time and used often in coniiinr
turn with others. One day our friend happened to observe that the formula of con J tta <>
RIPANS TABULES
i ■ was identical with the latest prescription he had received from his own physician and in "
some surprise he stated the case to him. The family doctor, after listening it!', IX 3
to say replied: "The case is about this way : Whenever there is a d stu rb£n«*f func
! tions of the body, no matter of what nature, it is pretty certain to be accompanied by idr
; ■ nn|ement of the digestive orga.s. When they are all right the *££%! That t>ar"
ticuiar formula that y«ti have observed me to write more and marc frequently is the result
of an age of careful experiment, and is pretty generally agreed upon now by all educated
physicians who keep up with the time*. The discovery of the past few years of the means
of reducing every drug to a pbwder and compressing the powders into little lo,2n^«^.«l^
lets, or tabule. if you prefer, which will not break or spoil, or lose their giod fquafftie, from
age, is the explanation of how it has come about that this prescription is nolv^or sale as an
advertised r medy. It is the medicine that nine people out of ten need every time Sev need
any and I have no douht that making it so easy to obtain, so carefully px«Sre™ and vrhlSd
so cheap, will tend t» prolong the average of human life during the present generadon""
come to San Francisco scon and organize
tho Master Horseshoers' Association.
Such an organization of the Dosses is
highly commended by the journeymen as
tne two bodies always work together in
the interests of the trade and of unionism.
RELIGION AND TRADE.
The Attendance at the Chamber of
lonimsrce Service Doubted.
There was a largely increased attendance
at the lenten service in the Chamber of
Commerce yesterday at noon.
The services were opened by George E.
Bennett of the Brotherhood of St. An
drew, and Archdeacon Percy C. Webber of
Boston made an address, taking for his
text the First Commandment, "Tnou
Shait Have no Other Gods bnt Me."
The organ was presided over by J. E.
Bigtlow of St. Peters. The services are
attracting very favorable attention among
the business men.
RHEUMATISM.
Munyon's Rheumatism Care is guaran-
teed to cure atfute or muscular rheuma-
tism in Jrora one to five days. Sharp,
shooting pains in any part of the body
stopped by a few do«es. A prompt, com-
plete and permanent cure for lameness,
soreness, stiff bacfc and all pains in hips
and Joins. Chronic rheumatism, sciatica,
lumbago or pain in the back are speedily
cured. It seldom fails to give relief from
one or two doses, and almost invariably
rnres before one bottle has been used.
Price. 25c.
Improved Homoeopathic Home Remedy
Company put up a separate cure for each,
disease. At all druggists, mostly 25 cents.
Guide to Health free. '
Personal letters to Prof. Munyon, 1505
Arch street, Philadelphia, Pa., answered
with free medical advice for any disease.
TfOKNIFE! 0B PAISt
" " UJ<3«USBV2ja*UB home testimonials of many
I|S^^nHuHgylL^ Wonderful Cures -worst
__Jj^BSEQKb6^^P^^^ places-Women's Breast*
_^B^^^HBBHKpfl^^^^^B^» Jxnd Men's Lips,
Send to Someone with Cancer
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
NORTHWESTERN MUTUAL
LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF MILWAUKEE, IX THE STATE OPWIB.
consln. on the Slst day of December, A. 1).
1896, and for the yew ending on that day. m*<.«
to the Insurance Commissioner of thi State of
California, pursuant to the requirements of sec-
tion 613 of the Political Code ol sail State
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock paid np
In Cash... $
A- SKIS.
Net v«: up of Real Estate owned by
the Company 91,814,791 83
Amount or Loans secured by Bond
and Mortgage on Real l- state 66,871 974 05
Premium note« and loans in any
form taken In pnymeut of tre-
mlums on policies now in force.. 586,39 i 03
la market value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by the Com-
pany 14,613,770 98
Amount of (ash on hand In Com-
pany's oillce 126,840 72
Amount of Cash deposited la
Banks 1,794,443 38
Interest due and accrued 1,631, 851 44
Rents due and xccrued 0,165 86
Net amount of premiums In pro-
cess of collection, and of deferred
premiums 1,567,146 St
Cash loans to poltcy-hoMerson this
Company's l o.icies assigned as
collateral 3,817,235 00
Total Assets $92,633,603 74
LIABH.ITIKS."
Clnlms for death losses and i.ia-
tured endowments, due 'and un-
paid »76,570 50
Claims for death losses nnd ma-
tured en:owments In process of
' adjjstment, or adjusted but not
due 184,858 CO
Claims r»«ist»-rt b r the Compan.-... 22.70J Ud
Net present vane on all the out-
standing policies, computed »*•
corJiuK to tin- Combined Experi-
ence Tab es ot Mortality, with
four per cent interest 72,601,674 00
Amouln of mII unpaid dividends to '
policy-holders 102,170 00
Present value of amounts not yet '
due on matured installment poli-
cies :..... 88,276 47
All other demands against the
Company • 49 349 03
Total Liabilities f ,'3 122,5y«"00
INCOME.
Cash received for premiums on .- ■
new policies during the year $1,771,950 53
Cash received for r^n-wal or pre-
m:ums>duringth«year 12,479,473 49
Cash received for sale of annuities. 11.750 26
Ca.th received for lnteres 4,182, 70d 32
Cash receive.! for rents..; 124,fc0J b9
Cash received from all other
sources...... » 19,140 87
Total Income $18,589,828 43
EXPENDITURES.
Cash paid for losses and matured
endowments ................ $4,058,670 74
Casn paid to annuitants „.. ■ 3,0-iti 28
Paid for surreuderei policies ...... 88O,it5VJ 18
Paid for divide to policy hold-
era .......: .:..„....... 1,372.627 61
Premium notes voided by lapse.... 10>81 68
Commissions paid to agents 1, Git 1,3 74
salaries and o her compensation of
ollici r and employes, except
agents bini medical examiners... 326,739 48
Medical examiners' fees and sal-
aries... 119, 198 78
Cash paid lor taxes *81.470 07
Lash paid for rents 33,111.0 00
Ca-m (aid ior commuting commis-
sions 28.209 85
All other cash payments 491,296 0-'
■ To:al Expenlitures during the
ytar.. ■ 146,783 43
PREMIUM-NOTE ACCOUNT.
Premium notes and
otner premium ob-
li.atloas a: b 'gin-
ning of ttf^ year.... 5418, 301 84
Premium notes and
otnrr premium ob-
ligations received
during the year 87,724 35—
T0ta1..... «30«,036 19
Deductions during the year as
follows:
Amount of notes and
other premium ob- • .
ligations- used in
payment of losses
and claims $19,43544
Amount of not'-s and
other premium ob-
llgations iim-.i iv "
purchase of surren-
dt-red p01icie5........ 7.8M70 '
Amount of notes and
other premium ob-
lieatlons used In ■
payment of divi-
dends to policy-
- h01der5......... 66,902 71
Amount of notes and
" other premium ob-
ligations voided by
laps* of potUles 10 88168
Amount of notes nnd
other premium 00-
-lUutlons redeemed
by maker In casn... 25 055 57—
Total reduc.ion of Premium-
Note Account 119,632 16
Balance, no assets at end of .
the year........ $386 394 03 .
H.L. PALMER, President
J. W. SKINNER, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this '3d day
Of February, 1897.
if. R. SANBORN, Notary Public.
CLARENCE M. SMITH,
GENERAL AGENT,
Rooms 110, 112, 114, Ptielan Building, .
San Francisco, Cal.
DR. WONG WOO,
Chinese Drug, Tea and Herb Sanitarium,
776 Clay, Bet. Kearny and Uopont,
I have lone been a suffer-
er from troubles <f Hie . ■■■
stomach, liver and kid- . Jfrf^j~^>.
nevs. The mpdlcin^s of fof"».^^l^
the different doctors who B^siMi
treated me cnlv n.-gavated W >Rr^
Ihe disease. In weetcs X* V
hi. Wong Woo, the chl- IR ft** a
ne*e ifoctor. rucceeded In - i W~' r
bringing abjut a perfect et, 1
cure, and I am now in the \S^.Jf^Ji^.
best of health. 1 recom- "aßttw
mended him 10 mv country- .^J^HBwtS^WvK
men, the Italians. * , f^ Mv^'*
AMADKO IKBODKS, - ' ''OVmtM ' Si&V(*
18J1 .Mission s'. ■•• y *ir*wMW l
Hours -9:30 to il a- m., 1 :30 to 3. 7to9p. *. *
PChleheatei's EnslUh DlMnd Hr. D d.
ENNYROYAL PILLS
~«Tjv Original Md Only C«B«bia. *
rA L^VM. "mifilit for' T CT,iL««j?« £," '«"/",* Jf\
jfJ^CyteOvwctvf Urand la lied  i odd m »uillj\\JW
4^ Sr-lf?** 0 *"- "* lßd wtifa bluo ribbon. Take X$P
jn "Vi" 0 other. JI«/\u« dangtrout mbttitf V
I / ftf '*»"* and Imitations. At Druciiiu, «r Mid 4«.
Z M l .; M , It »»?f ** P»rtlc i»ri. te»Un«Bl»U mv*
1 «--^tt i^^^ - - ittac^ iu ss^s»"SKEETS" MARTIN
IN RIDING FORM
Piloted Four Out of Six
Winners Past the
Wire.
A Ragged Lcoking Card At
tracted a Light Crowd to
Emeryville.
Midas Won in a Drive From La
M;scotta— B.'rnardillo Was a
"Gjod Thing."
Outside of the achievements of K.
Martin in the way of saddle-work, the
racing at Emeryville yesterday was dull ,
and uninteresting. "Sheets," as he is !
familiarly called by racegoers, piloted no
Jess than four ot the six winners past the
wire, and, if he will abstain from "small
bots" and attendant luxuries the coming
summer in the East, will press the only
Tod for the jockey championship. The I
card was very cheap, and in consequence j
the betting was very light. Favorites cap
tured two races.
In the opening; race, fifteen maiden two- !
year-olds faced the barrier. Melvin Burn- j
ham, a 5 to 1 snot, wod cleverly at the j
end from Allie Belle, a tilly by imp. j
Pirate of Penzance, owned by W. L. Stan- i
Held. Andrea, the favoiite, was unplaced, j
The six-furlong event that followed was ;
gathered in by Midas, against which 'i to :
1 was laid. Ridden by B>b Isom he won j
driving, a bead before La Maecotta, tue j
second choice. Bueno, the favorite, was j
unplaced.
Barney Schreiber's Greyhurst carried j
the coin of the talent in the mile run that ;
was third on the card, poing to the post a j
warm 7to 10 favorite. He displayed poor j
form, ing easily beaten out by the sto j
1 shot, Bernardillo, sent over the wires to !
the Eastern country as a "good thing." ■
St. Distr.ff was just an ordinary third.
Rosormonde fortuna:elv drew a good
position in the second two-year-old scram
ble and with much doing at 2 1 to 1 led ,
her field of sixteen out very cuteiy. Front
de Boeuf ran a good race finishing second, j
five lengths in front of Sam Durango.
The tilth event on the card was a seven- J
furlong selling affair. Perseus opened at j
a 7 to 5 choice, receding later to 9 to 5. i
After acting very badly at the post the j
second choice, Alvarado, got away flying
and won in a common canter. Cabrillo, !
the third choice, was second, six lengths
ahead of Kowaisky, against which (30 to 1 ',
was laid.
The final race of the day was tafceu in a j
hard drive by Altanera, the 13 to 5 favor
ite. "Skeeis" Martin had the mount on
the Baldwin filly and at the ena. outriding
Lena, carried the verdict by a neck. [
ffOliiS.
After the showing made by Perseus yes- i
teria\' the judges announced that no more '
c received frcra Trainer
Wiiilaoi Marry until the node's exhibi- ■
ti-)ti wai exj'la'ne-I. Ail hor.-e? lose form
and Perseua has been up on edge for some ,
THE -CALL" RACING GUIDE.
CALIFORNIA JOCKFY CLUB. Oakland Racetrack, Tuesday, April 6. Sixty-fifth Day of
the Winter Meeting, 1896-97. Weather fine. Track fast.
C^l O FIKST RACE— Seven-Bixte«nth3 of a mile; maiden: t
,: purse *350.
Index.
Horse, weleht.
|«.|-
V*
fe
!
'i
Ptr.
Fin.
Jockpy.
Ber.lna
Op. Cl.
806 ,Me'vinßurnham.lls! 5
iAllieUcUe 110; 3
ilronHeels 110 1
596 1 Tom spencer 113 10
UncieTru? 110 11
707 Andrea. 110 1 2
'Africa ■ 1131 6
776 |Ol*-nower_ 1 1> 13
511 Her.ieia 110 8
'Miss (ienevieve.,llo 4
Morinei 110 12
707 JXopos 133 9 1
776 Uesd- mona 110 7 j
jKomtaß 110 14
iPouev 113! 15 !
' ' *£*
... .••.} 23~ .
' IJ4
i 81
1 ' 9
, 3^
' 51
•• — . 7 1
6 1
*••••• 10
11
12
18
14
! I 15
1' 3
2 4
34
4h
' I 1
6
I
8
9
10
11
12
IS
I 14
! 15
H. Martin. 5
l-iczfiuan. 10
Freeman 10
H. Shi-ids 5
B iepard ..110
Hennessy . 4
Clawson 10
Stevens ....... '.j 50
snider. 30
J. Me Dona d...
Macklln Hi
Powell .....J3O
Lynch li'
Shaw 1 10
Peop en. :o
. . -I
12
15
6
l*i
'lO
10
CO
15
15
8
100
100
12
100
Good start.
Won drivlne. Winner, J. Cochran's or. c., by Joe Nor«oud-sound. Time. -.4 1-^.
QfJA oi.cu>t> iiAet— Three-quarters cf a mile; selling: mirse >300.
Index ' Hors<». age. weight. St. i 4 1% , m I sir j Fin. Jockey.
7-9 Midas. 5 114 3 j22 21 j52 |1 h Isorr
409 La Mascotta. 4...106 6 7 1 : 51 21 | 2% H.Mar-in. " '
535 Favory, 5 114 5 ; 4 h 3lj 4 1 8U T. Will ams""
799 Encino,4 11l 1 3 a 4 1 I 31 41 Shaw..
807 Perhaps. 4 108 4 ! lb 1 11, 11 61 Bozeman'.. !!.'"*
784 Bueno, 5 11l 7 j SI , 6 1 7 61 Hrnnessy. .
693 Carrie U. 4. 106 13 112 i 81 ; 6V- 72 Snid?r
766 Derfargilla. a 109 9 I 61 ! 71 8 83 'lawson
750 Edgemouau 4....108 2 , 5 h 10 9 93 'freeman. i
793 Our Climate, 4.. .108 11 \ 9 1 ' 9 10 10 2 Jenkim
535 Alveio. 4 10S 13 13 11 '11 11 Keldy.
7x4 Hotspur, a 114 8 10 4 13 jl2 12 ; Stevens..!".
744 j Easel, 4 . 106 10 | !11 V«, 112 jl3 113 Carhrrv ,
-
' Bettinp.
1 On. 0 •
Jockey.
5
6
20
15
i 15
i ■
30
I 6
10
100
I 20
100
M
4
4
30
12
10
3
50
8
15
100
15
300
SOU
Good start. Won driving. Winner. J. H. Tarn's b. h.. by Emperor of Norfolk- vv inona. Time,
821.
TUli'.li Kiut- One mile; three-year-olds: purse «400.
Tr.rex.
iCex. Horse, weight. St. 14 j lfa
760 I Bernsrdillo 109 6-7 |U
778 Greyhurst H'fl 3 j 2h IVi
80> -t blstaft 112 4! 51 j 5b
805 ,Quan'.rell US 1! li 1 7
80S iNebnla 107 7 1 4y, ; 62
787 iTrne Bine 109 2i 81, 4 i
641 Alma 107, 5.11 | 31
Horn*, weight.
St.
V*
I % ' Str.
lb 13
22 2 4
32 4 1
7 8 1
4 1/4 6 4
! 5 h M
1 61 j 7
4
I Str.
I m
Fin.
1 4
I 26
I 32
42
' 5 6
66
7
Fin. i
BetKDir.
1 Jockey. Op. ci.
H. Martin | 6 4
Mauphter 7-10 7-10
11. Shields I 7 15
Henuesjy 20 40
snider | 12 20
shepard 5 7
Jones ' 10 30
Jockey.
rt
Good Mart Won easily. Winner, Santa Anita stables' b. %.. by Emperor of .Norfolk-Jennie B
lime, J :44'- 4 .
Q<T>9 FOURTH
of a mile; maiden two-year-olds: purse 5350.
Index. j "erse, welztr~ -'- | Vi
800 I Rosornioncie 100 1
806 From de Bone*. . . 103 ■ R|
668 San Durango 1:0 6 I
726 ißoxey Murphy 108 H\
763 jCluirles I> 8e1. ..103 9
77« Foci* iM li ■;»; - 7
680 IJitn Browne!!. ...US 2
........ JKlsmor* 118 11
Ih'.i (Approbation .. Kirn* 10
Foaic ... . ... 1131 12
680 [Dallon 113 4 j
... AlUs Dividend. .110 i 14
687 * Mid Glen 113 5
446 Nellie McDonald- 1 10 IS
... .... K»tt- Blake 110 15 \
707 iDon Luu 1,3 16 j
707 |PoU>nie Uef.;
Vi
17 a j *i ' Bte ' Fin. 1 Joctcev. ! I'ttHne.
V* 3 4 Ptr. I Fin. Jockey. Op. cl.
12 11 |*laognter j 4 2
••-•• ' is 26 isom • 6' - B
4 4 34 H. >hields...... 10 :.:;20
! 51 44 JHenneasy .8... 7!
, 7 j 5h Keidy j 4 6
' 8 6V2 C.awson ....1 '•■ •
34 ( 71 Jnoe»«.... 8--"V *
» - HV, Mclntyrt? '•• •• -j
61 9 . ir. Krown 10 '10
11 10 i BOKeman ..* 30 -'■ 30
10 11 Freeman ..-.;... £0 20
! • •--- IS 12 -hepara SO.i-vSO
'-' 13 snia^r 25 jv mi
i 14 14 iThompsoa. 10f:<?,18'
*5 15 Peoples 5J 60
••■ 16 j 16 H. Martin « .2
! jSnaw I 6 lo •
5 2
Str.
Fin. I
Jockey.
Good start. Won handily. Winner. Puenio stsibi.'s b. i. by imp. Ormonde-imp Fairy Rose
Time, :43*6. "Coupled with Charts Le Be . *«Coupled wilh Jimßrownell.
(,99 FIFTH KACE— Seven-eighths of a mile; selling:
Index, florae, age, weight j St. 1/4, j y 3 % f=tr. I Fin. j --Jockey. : j;£f Ui
425 Alvarado. 4 105 ( 4 12 ~IT~ 16 I 110 !1 4 H Martin ' 7~
74« Cabrllo. 5 110 2 2% 2 1 25 26 28 W.Manln 1
503 Kowalslcy. 4 106 & 61 , 5% »1 j »* 3 4 snider 20
(741) Perseus, 4 llfl 6 5 h 3b 41 '■ 41 46 Rl°ora '^6
705 Howard. 6 .108 7 7 3 43 Hi 515 5 6 HennessV 10
736 Clissleß.4 101 13% 63 74 66 650 Jones ill
MoM«K,S 10; 8 8 8 8 8 72 Urn? 1™
804 ; 31id.0.4. .98| X 4\' 73 8% 76 8 JThorapVdn.'.'T 8
r-en. A>ahon>-y. 4.1 • &ileft,|... ! I , : CHrberry 100
Index.!
«i
I «* i
Fin.
Jockey.
Line.
Cl.
a
3
60
8-5
20
&U
300
15
300
Gcod start.
won Matty. Winner. W. B. Sink's eh. p.. b.- Amieo-^ng MarKoerite. Time. 1:30.
5s9J. siJ>: ' l ' H **• -**-'* -- 1 "lir«- -^tuarters of >mur; teisinir: three-year-olds: purse $350.
Index. Home, weight. . | ft. I
731 A1taner0.... ...... 112 2 j
71.' Lena.....'... 100 1
761 Jn;!e*ide 102 6
797 Chappie 100 3
725 Widow Jones. 11- 4
731 Viking 114 8 ;
■ 7.9 Mambe«iuette....lol 10
783 C.audlana ...100 9
782 James Poneus... 105 6
7li Argestes 100 7
712 Yerbaßueno 100 11
788 swtltzer 102 12
719 'Cogent ......105 15
807 Roy Carruthers.ll7 16
699 Cheridnh 100 13
782 |Fanny S .....100 14
[/■ V* - Vt
.2 1
, 31
: 4 4
lVt
61
: 81
\ 11l
333
:::::::; t%
I 14 1 ,
72 !
1 12 2
: 10 1
151
: i 16
s 4 Rr.
11 ny
33 22
42 3 1
a 2 4 1A
5 10 5 1
8 y, 7 1
6 1 6 y 2
71 9
9 Vi 8
111 ill
12 10
! 10 1 14 •
14 12
15. 13
13 : 15
Its 16
F ! n
Beuimc.
Op. a .
1 h
2 6
5 2
\\
6 1
1 7
8
§
9
: 10 1
11
3
12
. 13
1 '4 i
! 15
! IB
H. Martin ....„ '
sun hier |
H. Brown
Clawsoa ....
snider.
Mitchell .■'.'
Col* .'
Bergen *'.!
Thompson :
, Dreyfus 1
■R. I«oru '
MeKenna ..I
8"7.-niari
Miatv. 1
Parker
hussell
.2
6
5'J
, a ■
6
20
40
10
30
au
12
3O
•JO
1 6
30
10
2
6
50
8
6
40
100
16
30
100
5
20
3 ,
8
HO
'JO
Good stiirt. Won drivins. V
nil 1 -i*rn.
A inner, fcanta Anita stable'i b. f.
-.by
time. It seems tnat not very lonz ago on
this same Emeryville track a very good
cott'3 sudden reversal of form was over- |
looked without any asked explanation, j
On March 11 Osric 11, an odd« on choice, i
finished third behind Etta H and Lost ,
G.rl. On March 19 Osric defeated Etta ii,
Scotch Rose and others very handily.
Perseus is owned by Ed Purser and as Mr.
Purser has laid away no big: amount of
money this winter it is more than prob
able his horse would have won yesterday
if it were possible. Judge Murphy, in
quoting the ruliri? of the judges, said:
"It was not this particular case, but on
ott.er occasions Murry's horses had run ;
peculiar." Then why were these ques- \
tionable runs not investigated at the
time? They should have been proved
then and there and not held- over. Mr.
Murphy once wrote a very tangible story ;
of how'the mare Lizzie H could be guided
by a silken thread, so sensitive was she to |
the touch, out if the honorable judge ,
could have beard the betting instructions I
given a certain Ruby bookmaker perhaps j
De himself would have been touched.
Following are to-day's entries:
First race, three-quarters of a mile, soling. ]
71* Monitor 107; 730 Nic Mac.. 105
816 Litile Scot 103 700 Last Cb*me.... 107
760 Don P:o Pic 0. ..100 807 DonbMU 10.
bW BaojO 10J 3S<7 Ur McAllister.. 100
7.9 Nvrvosa 100 -ill Heartsease 105
7.4 BigCbiet 100! 668 15abe11e.........100 ■
t-20 lerhapi 100 706 Juau Bernard.. 100 ;
813 Billy McCloskylusj
Second race, half mile, two-year-olds.
783 Duke Yors II.. 113! 806 Old J act 103
814 Bliss KucKer...lOS: tOU lorsida 105,
b 1-4 Juan del K10....10* ... met 108,
8H Imperious 108 791 i--luah!nglon....loß I
Marvdoui I*>*>\ 811 Hertha 105
.... Kay He* h 100
Third race, three-quarters of a mile, selling.
! 7W) Maior Cooic ...107: 769 Masoero 107!
; 718 Kicardo .....107, 808 Put Murphy. .. .107 ,
807 Montalade . .. 100 798 Ad Buchanan. .105 •
« ; 6 In:' Colorado.. 100 : (5i!3) Rejected 107 i
808 uobnaica.... . iOo, 7h'> Veva 98 i
! 81 a M-ii.-.te 9f« 693 Mudioue luO :
i 721 jorno luO ' 79a bit Edward .... 100 |
! 755 via: Juuberc.lo7
I mirth race, nine-sixteenths of a mile, the Gene- |
ral a:. :.ur Clg3r stakes, value *125i>.
8-22 Koy Murphy. .lol Key el 5a1t0....11l !
733 kilts Kowena...l2o' *71 Flacon ■ni
Tl'J 'iypceiver 106 814 MichaeL 10U •
(772)Kecreation 120 814 Imperious 101 j
fifth race, o.ie and an elKhih miles, selling.
387MamleK 94' 738 Zy.pha 100'
Sll Treachery 971 773 Silverado 103
81tJ lVter 11 10b bib (iuv. audd 9»>
M 6 Del i'aso II ....111 41-i Fannie X 9(s
723 Mary Mevex..". 91 Sl3 l*e L I<)3 ;
820 lloispur loa! T2O >ooladain 100 .
Mb I.eonville 10U '.06 l'odiga lu'-'
706 Jtr,>me a 103 1
sixth race, sevec-etpnths of a mile, selling.
BUS Tulare 107 (SOI) Ft. Augu-tus- .110 ;
«13GsrlcIi 11" 7sa Twinkle Twnlc. 95
817 SuUu.i 105 8.8 lirrculio 110
BUI Personne 110 -Ml Soniro 107
8 - Jl Quautrell 105 (8l8)Lo»t Girl I<>s
777 Torpedo 110 798) Key del Tierra 110
818 AIUVO 9.'>, Ma Apto lOv)
SKr.£CriON*> for to-day.
First race— Dr. McAllister, Sea Spray, ,
Perhaps.
Second race— Flushington, Bliss Ruck
er, M.irveloui.
Third race— Pat Murphy, Montallade,
Toano.
Fourth race— Gyiiceivor, Michael, IS. \
and VT. stable.
Fifth race — Hotspur, Peter 11, Treach- '
cry.
Sixth race— Osric 11, Lost Girl, SuUun.
A Oripiuan Blauiect.
The Coroner's jury yesterday exonerated
Teamster James Myers from all blame in con
: nection with the death ot four-year-old James
! Holmes, ran over while stealing a rido on his
dray.
The jur- in the case of Mnrie Marcball,
. killed by being sirucE by a Sutler-street car,
I returned a verdict that the accident was due
j to the negligence 01 the
Xionten • Pervicsd.
The Rev. Father Powers, C.S.P., will deliver
his sixth lenten discourse on tho Pas«ion of
Our Lord, at the Paulist Church, California
street, this evening at 7:45 o'clocfe. subject:
"Jesus or Bambbas."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 7, 1897.
NEW TO-DAY— DRY GOODS. ,
, ; ~~~~ - ■ : : : ; ~ — ■■- —
_ -33@*--<©ss . ;
CLOAK AND SUIT DEPT. That "Prices talk." and in a most convincing manner, is a fact which is COLORED DRESS
- daily demonstrated by the thousands who take advantage of our Matchless GOODS.
Just Opened— Latest Novelties offerings of New Spring Goods, and this fact will be still further empha-
in Ladies' Spring Wraps, Spring sized by this week's special attractions, for the styles are the latest and! or -a ea^a 37-inch extra fine
Suits and Spring Jackets. Ex- most exclusive, the qualities the most reliable, and the prices so amazingly j - ' Jl s lniiNG°?^e ? w G A wm«
elusive Styles at Popular Prices. ' ow as mus t appeal with resistless force to all in search of j pru»soc a'yard, win be offered at
— CORRECT FASHIONS AT RIGHT PRICES! " -
*l A-—SPRING STYLES in LADIES' ' r : T SseT»r*? 36-INCH CHECKED SUlT-
s4 ||^^^Ce^'-S LACES!_LACES! "DROPPED" BOYS' SAILOR SUITS. | B^S^^
' Patterns in Curtains means M „««.«.. x-»^v- T^ x-r, >- ooc a yard.
1 , A.-SPR.N-G STYLES in LAMES' lUT^Hi^Se ITd^Tll styles that we will not again mri£S&§S£2Bll&2 l f2Sl ! ~
f+.«f'J VELVET CAPES, silk lined aud wide; Ivury and Butter Applique and . repeat. We have gone through broidered vests, ages ito 10, blouse | rA«— 3 cases 39-INCH ALL WOOL SUlT-
beaded, commencing at ft 93. Chantilly Laces, 3 to 4 inches wide: our Frrn Nntti no-ham I arc Cur- • ana pants 50c. OV\j ING, in stripes, checks and mottled
regular value l ! sc. " . *-«-« " IMJll ' u S"a'» L *«'~ c . | effects, former price 65c a yard,
tain Stock and taken out about will be offered at 50c a yard.
$9 SPRING styles in LADIES' 400 pairs that we will not again '
$.-.9'J TAN JACKETS, new sleeves, fly ! nA _ IVORY A\D BUTTER OR'EV- (import. Some of these lots are i 7C 0 — BOYS' DUCK SAILOR SUITS, in
front, lk lined, commencing at $2 95. 20C TAL GUIPURE E 4 to? ?nsSi 4 yards long, and the pair over /DC . »<->: tan cardinal . mode etc, .
wide- Ivory Butter and n rfc An ■/! 7T «"&» «■ « . •••"- H« » either in solid shades or fancy striped. : c.ll IS PCDADTMCXIT
siqu'. and Chantii'v Lace, 3t05 IO feet wide. Their prices were i with embroidered and soutache trim- ' SILK bhFAK 1 MtNT.
tl (Tv-SPRING STYLES in LADIES' | iacnes wide; regular'vaiue 30c. $3 to $3.75 a pair. We place the wed collars, cuffs and pockets, ages .
$*.<!:> CHEVIOT SERGE SUITS, silk I ! «»ntir#» lin<» #»f 4to 10, blouse and pants 7oc.
lined and fly Iront, Jacket SKim lined i i enure line Oi Dn ft — 5000 yards RICH BLACK SATIN
and bound, commencing at $4 95. i 400 pairs HIGH GRADE NOT- uuu BROCADE will be placed ou sale as
c%- IVOUY AND BT7TTFR \FT TOP ' TINGHAM CURTAINS, 4 yds. ■ 65c a yard.
2dC irish CROCHET LACE.^I t™? ! %s&.£!> u Si»*^S?" on' $1 35 S1 0Q- BO YB ' DUCK SAILOR ITS - i _
tl I"— SPRING STYLES in LADIES' inches wide; Ivory, Butter and Black ' *' ~°< ,? . >0 - 3<° P air ' on *, ) . WI.UU in fancy colors, almost any shade. |
WOOD DRESS SKIRTS, plain ADplique and Chantilly Lices, 4to 6 ! special closing price at air very handsomely trimmed, or in white ; <jm_4ooo yards EXTRA FINE BLACK
colors and fancy checks, a 1 lined and inches wide; regular value 40c. npnDDrn civi r ■ Iv t>i-itt> linen with biue anchor, tmbroidered U> I SATIN BROCADE, warranted all pure
bound, commencing at #1 45. ' iXur v WIYBKAI BUGi M M vests, ages 3to 10, blouse and pants $1. . pilt, worth $150. will be offered at
olßlib^ bAIYKAA • JrlUCxto, g>| Qn ... a yard.
*
$7 SPRING STYLES in LADIES' OK*— IVORY. BUTTER AND BLACK W/ACH r,nnn<l llf
I.O'J BROCADED SATIN DRESS dDC APPLIQUE AND CHANTILLY WA^n UUUUM I ! nc p -.5.j00 -yards CHANGEABLE IAF-
SKIRTS, lined ami bound, lull width, i LACES. su. 7 inches wide; Ivory and' The Weather keeps cool, but will c , nnv AMnrnncCTC lUu FEfA SILK will be placed ou sale at
commencing at $7 35. Butter Net Top Crochet Laces, sto 8 not be so always. We have closed ' llU£>lfcKY AINU CUrx^tli^ 75 cents a yard.
inches wide; regular value . ioc. out all our low grade Dimities, but •
as other people seem to push this ;__ Oft _ , T . Vit^q. P , ST tjt ... t ,
$I.9S""DREVS REEFER JlckStV • f|f- SS St i f> f h f" aCe °" SBle 25C- 2 H 00 OS d °rbla^k D w lUhI Uh wh^fe^^nd
* Vu^olorTSd I2H2S.t^ C SS tlftft<Af>flft-BUTTER AND week some styles « J Richelieu ribb^ worth 40c; price 25c. BLACK DRESS GOODS.
Jackets, sizes 4to I.'. commencing at 3>i. vU 10 •>d.V" IVOR V VENISE ' HIGH NOVELTY FRENCH PRIN- C o
$195. CROCHET AND POINT D'ARAB TED open work Oreandy, our »V
ALL-OVERS, 18 inches wide, at $1, V2*4c leader, on sale this weeK at. Yard i nni«— loo dozen LADIES' FAST Bi^ACK nr._o Cil?e3 39.i nc h FIGURED ENGLISH
J125. *150, 92, *2 50, $3 and »3 50 per ; YAE WIDE —— PEECALES , 00:<li LISLE THREAD PLAIN AND 35c ALPACAS, in a variety of'des gns.
yard. TARD WIDE NEW PERCALES, Q p RICHELIEU RIBBED HOSE, worth wor , n 56c will be offered at 35c a
good cloth and colorings uu |6 cer dozen; 3 pairs for $1. yar d
LADIES' KID GLOVES. Yard __ —
TAILOR - MADE SUITING, 101- . rOn-2 cases 43-inch ALL PURE WOOL
COVERT CLOTH EFFECTS, a l"2« 0C«— 100 dozen CHILDREN'S 1-1 RIB- DUG b'IORM SERGE, extra good value
_ A lin . „„..„„ ru ,,. AIC IVFCI^WFAP new wash fabric Yard i 6Ub BED AND CABLE-RIBBED HOSE, for 75c, will be offered at 75c a yard.
' 70f ~L£iv O "?rvi?££ A - CHA , MOIiS -i nCV^VVCAK. «,££ __• _ T-ulrv ,v-m. -« extra heavy double heels and soles, ail
I VI SKIN GLOVES, in natural color i FINE WEAVE \\ HITE INDIA in* szeg at -75 C . worth 40c.
and white, regular price $1, on special LINON that is well worth 15c a luu ' " '
sale at 70c pair. yard. This week at Yard ■ n — 2000 yards 23-inch BROCADED
NOVELTIES in FRONTS. RUCHES. n -50 dozen LADIES' CORSETS. lon* t)UU SILK GRENADINE, worth 75c,
v BOLEROS, COLLARETTES. YOKES, Note— As above will not last long, /UU waist, handsomely embroidered, i will be sold at 50c a yard.
-A —100 dozen 6-BUTTON LENGTH JABOTS and FICHUSai moderate prices. ; samples cannot be given. black ana drab, at 75c; worth $1.
im MOU&QUSTAIRE CHAMOIS-
SKIN GLOVES, in natural color and " " ------ i7fr — 2 cases 51-inch EXTRA FINE ALL
white, regular price $1, on special sale 19" CUR NEW CATALOGUE Is now ready for distribution to out-of-town residents, to whom It will be *Ov WOOL SCOTCH CHEVIOTS, worth.
at 70c pair. * mailed free on application. . $1 '-5. will be sold at 75c a yard.
i
UU Murphy Building, / lair W.urphy Building, ./ imU Murphy Buildins, Jr tmlr ivurphy Euilding, / Itftr Murphy Building, -J
Market and Jones Streets. ; market and Joss Street; Mcl snl Jones Streett tiM M Jones Streets. Martet anil Jonas Streets.
WHAT IT COST
FAIR TO DIE
fudge Slack Hears Evi
dence on Dr. Mizner's
Biil
Five Thousand Dollars Asked
for Three Days' Ser
vices.
Prcf'ssor Siicld Says the Charge
Shou d Depend on the Patien'.'s
Exch quer.
Judge Slack devoted considerable time |
yesterday to hearing evidence concerning j
the value of doctors' services in the Fair |
ca^e. The question arose in the claim of >
Dr. William B. .Mizner for $5000, and some \
interesting matters were deve. oped during '
the examination.
Attorney Robert B. Mitchell was much
perturbed, in spite of the great fes law- \
yers charge rich men, that Dr. Mizner
should nave charge*! about $lOJ6 a day for
attending a multi-millionaire during his
last illness, lie was uoi set quite right on !
trie proposition until Dr. George Shields,
professor of surgery in the State Univer
sity, elucidated the question and scored a
few strong points as to the value of pro- ;
fessional services in cases involving rich
men's lives. Dr. Shields incidentally save j
everybody to understand thai there is a j
kinship between the skillful, fee-charging :
doctor and the expert, fee-chaiging law
yer. • : ; j;t; ; %
Dr. Mizner made a good witness in a
way, though not a shrewd, self-laudatory :
one. •• '■:■■;,■. :•;?■•• "■
He swore that he wai Dr. Marc Leving- !
stbn's assistant during the last four days j
of the late James G. Fair's life. Dr. i
Ko-enstirn and Dr. Tail were also in the {
case, and each of them has put in a bill
for $5000.
"Charles Fair was ranch interested in
the post mortem which I performed." j
said Dr. Mizner, "and he said questions
of sanity might arise and he wanted the
greatest care taken in every detail; so 1
took tjreat care in the autopsy and in em
balming the body. i Herman Ocirichs was
present during part of the proceedings, ]
and he took great interest in all we did. J
"I consider that my services in the •
autopsy were.worth $1500 and the embalm- j
ing was worth the same. 1 base the claim
on the importance of the case and the ex- !
treme care I took, rather than on the I
wealth of the man. My bill in all for the I
three days is $3000. and I consider it a
legitimate charge."
The itemized bill showing in detail Dr.
Miznrr's idea of what his services were
worth runs about as follows, though (he
bill was itemized verbally on cross-exami- ;
nation:
Hy pddorme»ig, three days $250 I
Catheter! 500 I
Twelve consultations 300
Analytical examination!!..: ......" .00
Microscopic examination*. 4I»U
Autopsy ■ 1,. 00
Embalming... .' 1,500 |
Total «4,650 j
"That leaves you a few hundred dollars j
shy on your $5000 account, does it not?" \
asked Attorney Mitchell.
Judge Slack— Are you familiar with the
word "•by" in the <-en-e meant by the 1
learned [Laughter.]
"Yes, Mr: and 1 mane up the uifference
in a gene-al way. I did not mean tj
itemiz- ;ne bill."
Dr. M z'ipr said he was called into the
case by Dr. L?vir.g3ton, but ;uat the late
Senator said to him: "Look out for me
and tp.ke gocd care of me," so the doctor
returned.
Dr. Levingston affirmed that the charge
was very reasonable. He said Dr. Mizner
did the principal work in ;he autopsy.
"What \v:ic it worth?"
"Oh. say $1000."
"Didn't you hear Dr. Mizner say $l">00?"
"No, I'm der\f iti one ear, but if ne said
it i- woith $1500 it is wonh ii." [Laugii
ter/
L'r. L?vin?Dton then told how he had
often charged the late Senator fc<o a visit,
and (be re was no complaint, "He once
paid me $'200 to look after a friend a few
days."
The evidence of Dr. George Shields was
very concise. He said :
"A doctor can't put a foot rule on a
c»se as a haberdasher >e!!s buttons. Dr.
M. z n i-r's charges are cxrerueiy moderate."
••Wiiy? '
''Because of the importance of the man
who d ed, the value of his lite and the
▼a!ue of the physician. A 'lector who per
forms an autopsy takes his Jiff in his
hand-. It is a more uelicate thing than a
Bkilltul vjrjrical operation. This was a pe
culiar case, anil I think the post niortsm
was worth f.SOOO. Doctors are watched
with great criticism in such cases, and
they ought t.j charge well."
"cio you th:nk it wa< worth more than
in an ordinary eii«e? " askert Mitchell?
'"Assuredly, and for the same reason
that lawyers charge according to the
wealth of tno man in the case."
A further hearing of the case goes on at
1:30 P. m. on Monday.
KEEGAN WAS TRUSTFUL
lie Accuses John Kelly of Getting a
Uce'l by Fraud and Deceit.
Michael Kee^an has sued his cousin
John H. K°ily for the recovery of valuable |
real estate, which he avers was obtained |
from him by artifice and fraud. I
The plaintiff says that on Ihe 30th of last
October Kelly induced h m to execute a
paper which purported to be a deed of
gift, whereby trie pla miff conveyed to the '
defendant a lot of land on Minna street,'
near Seventh, together with the improve- ;
ments thereon; that this alleged convey- i
ance purported to be for love and affection, ;
but thai in fact ther»> was no considera- i
tion; that the plaintiff is old and feeble !
and Infirm in mind and body, and that
the defendant used his influence to deceive :
and defraud the plaintiff, the result being
that the deed was signed as here men
tioned.
Keegan declares that having confidence |
in Krlly he executed the conveyance, but !
since has learned his mistake and wants !
nis property back. In last January Kelly ,
mortgaged "the property to the Hibernia
Savings and Loan Society for $3000 and is
now spending the proceeds. A portion of
the money Is in the Anglo-California Bank. '
For this reason Keegan asks for the ap- j
pointment of a receiver to take charge of |
the money for his benefit. He also asks ■
that the pretended deed of gift be set aside, j
and tnnt he be nil in possession of his real '
estate on Minna street. i
Got an Old T.cket.
Robert Goldstone, 20 years of age, wai ar
rested yesterday on a warrant for grand lar
ceny. The complaiuing witness is Mrs. Mary
Hurley, who »i ece 1 - th«t on Fehruary 28 she
gave Uoldatine to bet ou a horse. Gold
stone gave her a ticket which she subse
quently discovered was an old one.
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
Tie f 10- _>^
ACADEMIC LEAGUE DAY.
The School* and Colleges Will Hold
Their Annual Athletic t; unes
■ on Saturday.
The sixth annual field day of the Aca
demic League will be held on Saturday
afternoon at the Olympic Club's grounds,
and a great day's sport i.* expected, as the
fas'.est runners representing the various
schools and colleges will don spiked shoes
on ? his great occasion.
Valuable prizes will be given to the win
ners of the :-:miep, and as some of the 1
athletes who have been in training for sev
eral weeks for this great athletie«ventare
fir.-«t-clas3 sprinters some record-breakine
contests are expected.
The following schools will send repre
sentatives to the grounds: Oakland
High School, Polytechnic nigh School,
Berkeley Hizn School, Sacramento High
School, Stockton Hi.-h School, Lowell
High School, Central Hi-rh School, Bel
mont High School, L'ck High School, C.
>. M. A.; Alameda University Academy,
California College, Selbourne School,
Hoitt's School, Boone's Academy. Mount
Tamalpais 3lilitar\' Academy and St.
Mathew's School. , ;
Tne games will start sharp at 2 P. M.
Suicide by G*s.
Harry Rubon, a m»rine lireinm, was found
dead in his room at stiO Howard »treet at 6
o'clock this morning. He was sitting in a
chair with an open Bible in his hands. Both
of the grsjets hHd been turned ou and the
key holes and the crevices in the window
sashes had been stopped up with rags. He
wa-i a native of (J«rmauy, 35 years old.
There is no doubt that ne committed sui
cide.
KtIVT TO-DAY.
"Sp^i Electric
LIuUII 8U
BellS.
Cur Customers. BJul'Ol
We Guarantee our $25 Belt
better than the Belt others are
selling for $40 to $50.
$4 TO 825.
GALVANIC OR FARADIC BATTERIES.
We are Agents for a Dry-rell Batter., that Is far
ahead of auy in the market. Call and see it.
75c for TRUSSES.
We have an Immense stock and guarantee a
perfect fit.
$2.50 FACE STEAMERS
For the complexion. Just arrived. See them in
our window. ;, -'
NO-PERCENTAGE PHARMACY
953 Marlict Street,
South .Side. bet. Fifth and sixth.
•o-00-000000000-o
AN EXCELLENT
Tf ft I? A T Properly prepared and
IVlr l^/^! promptly served, can
XT I ■ dJ. 1 I V; ; always be obtained in
THE GRILL ROOM OF THE
Decidedly the TV AT A /^rf-7
Most Popular MAI A I H
Dining Apart- * r\L^Jr\\^l^
meat in town. ■■■■■■■^■■■■■■mhh
; o^ooooooooooo
RAH.RO AD THAVEt: J
\()l Till PACIFIC cojipaxy.
(pACirtC SVSTKM.)
Train* lei»% mifi are «liit> la nrrlre at
SAM rBAHC'UCO.
leave — From Mai:ch 21, 1897. — arrive
•«:OOa Xiles, San Joss and Way Stations... S:4.Va
7:«O\ Atlantic F.xpress, Ociltn and llast.. Bsl.lp i
7:OOa Benidi. VacaviUe, Ruresey. Sacra.-
mento, Oroville ami UeUdins Tia
Dafis 6:4»p
7:30 a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo; >"apa, ■
Calistoga anil Santa Uosa 6:13p !
B:SO\NHes, San .lose. Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, Marysvflle, Chico,
Teh ar«l Re<lJ)lnfT «ilsp •
«8:30.\ Peters ami Milton "7:15p I
9:«'»a Xew Orleans Kapresa, Raymond (for 4
Yosemite). 1 rosno. i;aken:iol<l,
■Santa lUrliam, l,o« Aligulex, Dem- '
i-,g. El Paso, New Orleans and
East.... 4:45p I
9:O«a Mirtinez and Stockton 4:43 p
»:OOa VtUcjo 6:13p
Nilcj, San Jose, Livermore and
Stock ton 7 : 1 ."» p
•l:OOp Sacramento Rivtr Steamers *o:«ftp
l:O0i' Nilcs, San Jose and i.ircrmore 8:43 a
tl:=JOr Port Co3ta and Way Stations t7:43p
4:o(>i- M..iiiucz. San lUinoii, Vallejo, l -
Nana, Calistoga, l-;i verauo and [
.Santa ltosa 9:15 a
4:OOi> Benicia, Vacaville. Woodland, i
Knights Landing, Marysvilk-, Oro-
Tille and .Sacramento 11:13 a
4:3tti- Lathrop. Stockton, Modesto, Mer-
ced and Fresno, going via Xiles,
retomina via Martini, z 11:43 a
5:00p Los Angeles Express. Tracy,
Fresno, Mojave (for Randsburg),
Santa Uarbara and l.nn Angelas. 7:4.1 a |
SiOWi' ssiiiita Fo Kirn to. Atlantic Impress !
for .Mojave ami Kaat 7:45 a
O:OOr Km )po::.i Mail, Ogilen and Kiiat.... e>«fA4 I
•iO«p IlaynranlH, Nilcs ami .San .lose 7:4."¥ a !
t7:OOi- VsJlojo 17:45p
7:«Oi- Oregon Sacramento, Marys-
' 1 ilk-, llo.l.liiiß. PortUu.l, l'uget j
Sound an.l l.ast ... . . 11:15 a !
_^ SANTA «;»UIZ I>lVl>lO\ (.Narrow (iauge).
J7:45a Santi Cruz Incursion, *anti Cruz
and Principal Way Stations JSxOSp
' »:4-"V A Nr\-.arl:.CeiiUivilk ,Siiu.lo»o,Fcltou,
ltonldcr Creek, Santa Cruz and Way j
Stations 3i3or '
**:13r Newark. Centertille, Ban Jose. Now ■
Almadsn, Felton, Houlder Creek, j
Santa Cruz . ami Principal Way
Stations >I1:'2»a !
4il»f Newark. S:ui .Irnte and .us Ui>t.,3 ... 0:50 a |
rOAM DIVISION (Ililnl A~T< ; 'hiimii.| Sis.)
7:OOa «au Joso ami W.iy .Stutioja (N<.»- {
Almadou rinisVtßjn null) 1:30; i
9:OO» San Joso, Trca linos. Santa Cruz,
Pacilie drove. Paso UoUrs, Man
Lnig <)liu[u), Guadalu;-?, ti'jjf ami
Principal W'ny (Stations 4:15r
I»:4»a San Josu iiiul Way HtaLious 6:30p
IItUOA p:i.io Alto ami Way Stations S:OUr
•llW* San Matao, Mcnlo Park, San .lose,
Gilroy. Ires linos, Santa Cruz, "
&alinas,Montereynndl > MO:4O»
•:t::i«p San .loGOiinil Way Stations 9:43 a
•4 :30 - San Jose ami Way Stations *»*:o3a
3:3Oi> SauJoeo ami Principal Way Stations »8:4.> a
C:S«i» San Jose and Way .-Mali HIS 0:35 a
tll:43l- San Jose anu Way Station!; tt:43p
N.W LKAJiUItO AMI) lI.VVUAICI.> I.UCAI,.
i*6:OOa "I (■ 7:15 a
S:OOa (9i43a
1o!Soa ! Melrone. Seminary Park, . V-l^
""-oop Fitchburg, San Leandro **:*%.
fo^i «» d ■ £&l\
&>l Hfinur*. f|]g||
"-•OOP • «:4!lp
lloop ißnns through to Niles. ,£g*
miilSr) From Mies. [ ftl^OOp
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIS mKCISCO— Fcot of Market Street (Slip 8)— '
2£ tSS U:<»».M. n:M *2:00 J3:00
•4:00 .: . t3:00 *e:OOp.M.
fTKn.OAlLlKD— Fwiofßraiiwav.— "600 8:00 '■
lO^Oa.m. tI2^JQ "1:03 t3:00 *3:CO ti:CO
"S:SOr.M. • . . . • . . . • .
._ ■ i V for Morning, " P for Afternoon.
; ■ Sunday -xcepted. t Saturdays onl*.
.. „ - _ t Sundays only.
i _, ft llonaaz^Tb^wia* and Saturday. niabts only.. _
50RTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via S»osalito Ferry.).
1 from San Francisco, Commencing Sept. 13. 189 i
WEEKDAYS. .
For Mill Valley ana mo xtaiael— »7:2s. •9U3,
11:00 a. If.: *1:45. 3:45, *3:15 •3:4a. tf :30 p.m.
i Extra trips for 8.111 .\.-.1 .■: on Mondays, W'edn.-s-
-days and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
-> " ' SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and Pen Rafael— "B:oo. *10:00
•11:30 a. M-: •l:bO, 3:00, *4:80. 6:15». U.
Trains marked ■ run to Han Quentin.
. ?;. \ .■ THROUGH TRAINS.
For Point Reyes and way stations— 7 ;2s a. m.
> Weekdays, 8:00 a. m. eiundaya, 1:45 p. v. catur-
Cays.
For Cs«>idero and wav stations—7 a. m. n*e%*
I «ays; 1:45 p. m. aa.urdaya.
I RAILROAD TRAVEL.
I -._.-_i-i_ — _—_-_—_-. -i i-i i— i- -i ■*- i-i i- - -
SISFRA\CISCO & WORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry— Foot of Market 36.
Ean Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 9:00, 11:00 a. if.: 13:*\
5:10. 8:30 p.m. Thursdays— Extra tria
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:45
and 11:30 p. U.
I BCKDAVS— 5 :00. 9:20. 11:00 a. it; 1:60. '2:30,
j 6:00. 6:20 P. v.
; San Rafael to Sun Francisco.
[■WEEK DAYS— 6:IS. 7:60. 9:20, 11:10 A. «.•
12:45, 3:40, 5:10 P. M. Saturday*— Excra triM
I at 1 :55 P. M. act 6:35 P. M.
< |CSDA\Si S:ll.'. U:IU, 11:10 a. M-: 1:40, 3:4&
6:00, 6:25 p. U.
Between ban Francisco and Schuetzen Paris same
schedule as above.
Le«ve i TnofTPft Arrive
Pan Francisco. Oct. 14? San Franclsca
Week I BUS- upifnJition Sc!f * I Wmk"
Days. ! days. | "<*"»•""»>• BAY^ ; DAYa
' 7:30 am 8:00 am NON-a;o, 10:10 am- 8:40 A*
! 3:30 9:30 am I'etaiunia, 6:10 PM 10:25 ax
j 6:10 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:.3 PX
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor. 10:25 a*
Healdsburg,
I ytton.
Geyserville,
! 3:3O?mS:oOam Cloverdale. 7:35 Pit 6:23 p«
i 5 I Vieta, I I
• I . Hopland <&
j 7:30 am 8:00 am Uklah. I 7:35 pm; 6:2* n
?:30am " 10:25 AX
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:33 pm
3:30 PM I 23 Pit
! 7:30 All 8:00 aX Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 as*
! and
6:10 PM | 5:00 m ! Glen KHen. 6:10 PM 6:22 P*
7:30 am 8:00 am! G has£ODOL H0:40 AMIIO-.2 • ass
3:3opm|s:Uopm! &eDaatoPol - , 6:10 pm| 6:22 PM
| Stages connect at Banta Rosa for Mar'< Wes»
' Springs: a; Ueyservllle for Skasrss Sprtn^rs: at
j Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for Highland
I Springs, K"!seyv.i>. Soda Bay and i^kcport; at
! Hoplund for Lakeport and B«rt ett .Springs: at
i t-'ltiati for Vichy >orin»ts, Saratoga Sprlnjrs, 810-»
! Lakes, Laurel Dell Luke, Upper Lake, l'orno, Po;t9f
' Valley. John Day's, Riverside. Llerley's, Buck-
i sell's, SanheJrin Heights. HullviUe. Booaevilla,
] Greenwood, Orr'a Hot Springs. Mendociuo City,
I Fort Bra?*. Wes:port, 'Jsal, vvaieta. Canto, Co
i veto. Lay tonviile. Harris, Scotia and Kutek*.
Saturday to Monday round-trip ticket* at reduce!
rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets v* all points ts*
yond San Rafael at half ra*>«»
Ticket Offices. 650 Market at.. Chronicle bandies.
A. W. FOSTER, K. X. RYA.H.
l'rst. and lien, jianasrer. Gen. Pass. Agaah
Santa Fe "^^^^
Limited.
i On 51 O X DA V S and /fcS^S^jjlS^SyV
i clnss I'ullraan «leop;nc-ciir K^^^^&^T^*;!
j leavinc at 3 P. M. connects
I at uaritow with the S^nta t^pk?T^*^®T^«p-J
» liinu?d tra n carrying X*^#k-^Si?Tffi££^
flii lnt;-car. buffet smoking <^v^sftJF^lit^9j
Car and ru 1 1 ni « n false- «f^ t '£%
drawing-room slreplns-ci'rs V^SlM^Wdjd-jEJ
1 for toth Chicago and St. p "*^^"«'
Louli via Kansas City.
3^ liny to Chicago or St. Louie.
4 l - 3 Kays to Sew York.
SANTA FE EXPRESS
; Leaves daily at 6p. m. Pullman palace drawing
1 room, also modern upholstered tourist sleeping
car*, thr urh to (. hlcago via Kaasu City. Annex
car* for Denver and M. Louis.
Boston excurs'ons via Kansas City, Chicago,
Montreal and th« White Mountains leave every
, Tuesday. St. I'aul excursions every Sunday.
Ticket Office, «44 Market t hron-
<cle building ii-lephonc Main 1531.
10MTTMALPAIS.
Train* connect with North Pacltia
Coast Kallroad.
WKKK i>AYS— i^-ave S. F. 9:1"5 a. m. l:4'ip m.
Roturnins— Arrive 8. If, 3:25 p m. 6:20 P M.
SUNDAYS— Leav-S.F.B a m 11;H0a.k. 1:3j:-m.
Returnin:— Arrive S.K.I -.15 p.m 4:20 m. 7:35 p.m.
Tickets for sale in Mill Valley or
THU -. LUUK & >OXs, 621 Market St., S. F.
Mill Valley and Mount Tamalpais Scenic KaUwaj^
I THE SU FRISGISCO All JTOAQdII
f ALLEY HAILW4I COIPAIV.
FROM JAXOAKY 31, 1897. pasaengw •*•
will run daily:
I southbound. Stations. KorthbonaA
7:20 a. m Stockton. 5:10 r. v. -
9:19 a.m. Merced 3:14/» *
11:10 a m Fresno I:l9r. m.
. For Intermediate stations see time-table.
Connecting steamboats of tbe C. X A I. Ci
] leave ban Francisco + a Stockton at 6 * m. dailjrt
910
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD
SIMMAUY OF THE MAItAISTS.
New Y'or'^ Exchange lower.
!- liver unchau'fd.
Wheat weak and dull.
.all other Cereals neglected.
Hay weak.
Mustard Seed lower.
Some changes In Beans.
Onions linn.
Asparagus lower. Peas firmer.
Butter weak aid plentiful.
Cheese an 1 Ejgs firm.
Poultry d >i ti _: better.
Apples scarce. .
Or»n?e ' and Lemons abundant.
Drie 1 Fruit very iiuiet.
Provisions inactive.
Wool higher and excited.
No change In Hides.
Hogs weak and In liberal receipt.
Beef and Mutton unchanged.
toffee quiet.
Oils unchanged.
Cual firm.
GOLD COIN MOVEMENT.
The movement of Gold Coin at San Francisco
forthe first threa months of the year was as fol
lows: duties 91.353.600
Paid fordnUei #i,353 600
Exported 11.979.300
Total withdrawn 3. 332.000
Coined January 1 to March 31 e,435,U00
Loss to local circulation 96,897.900
A similar comparison for the first three months
of 1596 showed « loss to local circulation of $4,033,
--100 The movement Is usually against the port in
the early part of the year.
Explanation. i
The arrow flies with the wind. The top figui<« ~
it station indicate maximum temperature for tha ]
•lavs: those underneath it. if any. Hie amount of 1
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and hundredths, 1
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid! :
lines, connect coin » of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. 1 lie
word --hleh" means hish barometric pressure and
is usually actonu)anie.-l by fair weather: "low'
refers to* low pressure, and is usually preceded
mid accompMnled by clcudv weather and rain*.
"Lows" usually first appear on the Washington
coaat. When the pressure is high In th» interior
and low along the coast, and the isobars extend
north and south alone the coast, rain is probable: ,
but when the "low 1 - Is inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is Improb- ■
able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
•neither may be expected in summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse ol these conditions
will produce an opposite result.
WEATBEB itIKEAU REPORT.
United States DfpabtXKNT of Aomcni^
TURF. WEATHKR EURKAC. CAN FRANCISCO,
April 6. 1897, 6p. m.— Tae following are the rain- ]
falls for ihe past 24 hours, and seasonal rainfalls
to date as compared with those of the same date
last season:
Eureka, past 24 hours .76, this season 48.04,
lest season 36.99: Ked Blurt', past 24 hours .00. j
this season 23 72, Ins season l'J.Ol: San Iran- j
cisco, past 24 horns .03. this season 22.C8, last :
season 16.81: Fresno, past 24 hours, .00 ihi 5 sea- !
son 10.52. list season 5.35: San Luis Oliispo, past I
24 hours .00, thi peas-m 20.71. lust seas n 15.49; i
Los Ani;ele', na<t 24 hours .00, this season 16.71, ;
last season 8.88; ban llieeo, past 24 hours. oo,
this season 11.60, last season 5.68: Yum». past 24
hour 1 .00 this fenson J«. 35. last season >S.
-an Francisco data— Maximum temperature 60,
minimum 60, menti 55.
Weather conditions and general forecasts:
The Bliiht det ressiou which wps central last
night in Western Washington has nas^ed eastward
an I i- now central In the Rocky Mountain re-Inn.
An area of Inch pressure is now central off the j
Oregon i oast. Decid dly colder weather is report- [
ed from .Northern Nevadt and s^m'-what cooler j
weather in v orthern California. There is tlanzer \
of severe frost to-nieht in exposed port ons of 'he
upper 'a;'r;iiii" to Valley. P.alu has been general
dur ; the past twelve hours along the coast from i
>au Francisco or h ward and throughout the t
stales of Oregon. Washington and Idaho. • ondi- .
tions are favorable lor fair weather in California. \
Forecasts made at San Francitco for 30 hours i
ending at midnight. April 7, 18J7.
Northern California— Fair Wednesday: brisk i
northwest wind.
southern California— Fair Wednesday; fresh
northwesterly winds.
Nevada— Fair Wednesday.
UtMh— Clearine Wednesday.
Arizona— Fair Wednesday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Wednesday;
fresh northerly wind, high oiT shore.
W. 11. Haumon. Forecast Official.
KJCW SOBK MARKETS,
Finxncial.
NEW YORK. April 6 —There was a further
falling off In business at the Stock Exchange to
day, the sales of stocks footing up only 123,531
shares, the smallest total forsom* time past. The
market « as in. settled throughout and responded
quicicly to manipulation. Ihe professional ce
ment whs in full control and the legiti
mate business, that is to say commission orders,
cut but an unimportant figure In the day's opera
tions. Aa of late the bears paid particular atten-
on to the anthracite coalers and In the Kbsence of
support found no dillirultv in bringing about
lower prices. Jersey cvntril starte i off well and
r«:s» to within a fraction of 78. i^ater, under bear
sales, the stock drop|>ei to 76V4, the decline be
ing accelerated in- advices that the Pennsylvania
L«-i;is aiur^ would Investigate the Lehigh and
Whki-sbarre Loal Company leased by tne first
named.
Lnc.<awanna on moderate sales fell to 149%
mid Reading declined i<> 2 3/ g "ihe change in the
method ot reporting earnings of the Healing just
' adopted did not in' hi with approval on the street.
'1 he company's app (ration i.» list its new se urt
tles comes up befo 9 the governing commit cc to
morrow. Delaware and Hudson held steady
ranging be.ween 1025/ and 108y«- In the in.
riustrial group Leather' preferred was heavy «n a
report that the company Intended to shot down
tor sixty days. Tobacco was weak and Sugar r
ra! c. Migarwas sold by Washington ana lower
Wall street houses on the belief that the Sen«'»i
will make do material change in the Dingley bill.
In the meantime the concern is getting Us raw
sugar Into the country mi fast a.i possible, and
yesterday Its payments for duties on Imports
amounted to nearly $2 0,000. In the final deal
ings the market was firm for the railway and mis
cellaneous list and barely steady tor Jersey Cen
tral. Net changes snow advances of 1/B®% ter
cent. Sugar, Jersey Central anil lift tli rprticrred
lost 1S per cent and LaCKawanna l*/ a .
1 he bond maiket was quiet and weaker In tone.
Sale* iooied tip $1,152,000. Hrooklyn Elevated
firsts fell Vi, to7H:'Lo!oradu Midland 4*s certificates
to 12: Krie general lien 34, •'.„ to 64%; iowa Cen
tral 5s 1 10 91: M nna tun Kuilwity consolidated
4s 1 1091 ' 4: Omaliacon^o.idated 6i 1 1 ito 129^^;
Union Elevated 6* 1 10 781,4: Wisconsin Central
5s certificates 1 to 33.
In Government bonds $10,000 coupons of 1925
sold at 124, 5510 coupon 4s of 19U7 at 1 12y 3 .
rat In.
FLOUR— steady. Winter wheat, low
grades. $1 80«!> 05; do fair to fancy, t2 95®
4 iO; do pa ents, *4 50®4 85. Rye flour-
Dull. %l 2^a^ 65.
■ uItSMhAL- Dull. Yellow Western, $1 70®
1 80. . w
RYK-DulL Western. 35c.
FINANCIAL. .
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WHEELOCK & CO.,
4 Leliiesdorrr St., Tel. Main 1054.
CUNTS* I. OFUCK
823 Market St., Palace Hotel. Pur ly & Atkinaoa,
Managers. Tel. Main 5144.
Uptown Oflic. — Bald win Hotel (adjoining Grill
Room). Tel. Main 1091.
PURDY. ATKINSON & CLAPP, Managers.
Orders instantly executed on latest market qn»
lations. Ueiorence Ist National Bank. s. F.
C&ICAOU i-JUVAXit Wiiiai. ISKW YOsUL
BARLEY— Quiet, steady. • Feeding. 25:>i<' c. f.
Buffalo.
WIIKAT— Market doll, Vie to :14c lower with
options. No. 2 ungraded red. 7Oov.il' 40 : No. 1
1 ortliern. 81^Sli 4 c Options declined 3/ic to %c
on lower c.ili.e^. for. inn t>e:ling and long, unload
ing, nulled \s" on May through foreign buying,
ciOiiugbteajy hi K/hc: 10 %c under yt-stfrday, with
irailing moderately active May an I July most
active. No. 2 red closed: May, 75% C; July, 74c;
(September, 72c
COR —Dull, ea-.ier. No. 2, SBWB elevator:
301/41: mlo it: steamer mixed, '-".•' a c. Options were
dull an. l weak a: V 4 c decline.
—Dull, easier. May, 2IJ/2C: July, 22c.
Spot 1 rices: No. 2. •_'2y>": No 'A white, 24'^c;
.No. 2, Chi a?o. 23% c; °- 3, '-I V*: No. 3 white
23c: mixed western, 21@20c; wnlie State and
western, -.3^3oc.
ProvUlon,.
I.ABD— Qn'e*. easy. Western steam. $4 SO: city.
*4@4 90: M.iv. $4 40: retined. quiet; Continent,
$3 0: s. a.. $« 85; compound, $4@» 60.
I'UJtK-QuieU il«-s. *9a.9 50.
MUTTER— Creamery. 1 6020 c; Western cream
ery. 16(g2)c: do factory. b@l3c: Kleins, 20c;
imitation creamery, ll(g)17c: rolls, B@l3c
(IIKKSr.-Firm. State, lar^e. 121 2 <": do small,
\tua,\ 2 >/i<". pirt skims, s(g6c %* Ib; fu.i skins, l'/ 2
©3c
EGGS— Literal supply. Western fre«h, 9Va?)
9S4C: ~ta c and Pennsylvania. B^9^4c
•1 ALLOW — Qnie.. City. B%c 0.d."3y a c asked:
country. 3 1 4(53i / <;c.
COTTON ' «.Kl< OlL— Quiet. Crude, 20@20». : C;
yel ow prime, 23c.
KlCK— Firm. Unchanged.
MOL vs«.KS— Firm. Unchanged.
COFFEE— steadr. Rio 10 points down: May,
$7 30: .Inly, 97 46@®7 50. • iigiist and Septem
ber. *7 60; Novemcer. #7 65®7 70: December,
*7 65. January, 97 70®7 75: Feoruary. *7 70;
March, 97 70@7 75. Spot Rio, dull, weak: No. 7,
7* 4 c.
sL'GAK- Raw, quiet and steady: fair refining,
3c; centrifugals. a 8 tes>, 33/ g c Refined, qu et;
standard A, 4%c: mould A, tic; coufeit. oners' A,
4 s ,«c: powdered and cube*, sc: granulated, 4»ic
i-rult and Produce.
/ TRICOTS— Bags, 6<sfil lc.
)fAiHK>- Unreeled bags, 6@SVic; do
peeled, boxes, 13515 c
PRUNES— Four nlzes. nom rial. 4c.
RAISINS— L. il., two crow us. 4»/4@4Vic: three
crowns. 4^4@si,ic: four crow s, 6 :^C<^tJc': London
layers, II ..0,.:,i 40; clusteis, 91 -u;(a,l 70.
Al MONDa— Soft bi.i'ii 7i/>@bVi(>:: paper ahell,
lO@I2C
WALNUTS— standard. 7c: soft shell. 9c.
HOPS— Qu et and easy.
WOOL— Firm. Domestic fleece, 16tf23c; pulled,
l«@31c: Texas. 7@l2c.
Merchandiao.
I 'RlFON— Fairly active. American, S!o®
12 50.
(OJ'PKB- Flat. Lnke. 911@11 75.
1 AD- Barely steady. Koiueiuir, *3 S6@3 40.
UN— Firmer. mi aits, SIS 20©l 3 30.
SPELTER— Quiet. Domestic, 94 lO(<s4 20.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, Ili,, April 6.— There were no grain
or provision marsets here to-day, it being a boli
dey.
BUTTER— butter market was dull and
weak to-day. Buyers took hold slowly, and the
supply wan liberal. Prices were unchanged.
Creameries— Kxtras. 20c; firsts. ie(alßc; sec
onds, 15^1 Oc: imitations, fancy, iS(ftlcc Dairies
—Extras. 18c: firsts. '.1 til 7c. seconds. 11012 c.
Ladles— Extras. 1.?w14c ; 111 mi, 1101'Jc; paLklnu
nock. j(J 0,1 roll butter, choice, 12c.
BGUti— Were a< live ana tirm wi h the demand
rood from all sources. Fresh Block h'.^c per
dozen.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, 111-, April 6.— Late
arriva of cattle yesterday swelled the receipts to
16,100 head, but the supply was well taken at
irons prices. Only ;ahout|ol)00 were received to
day, but it was a good Tuesday supply. Trade
whs not particularly active and prices were no
more than steady.
Hogs -The supply of hors shows a marked de
c Ine, and the week's receipt* will don btlesa make
a poor snowing. .Most of iliem.ture! hogs were
shippea 10 iuar..e: lim week, and feeders are no.v
dlsuosed to hull their stock on account of the
lower feeding which h s developed In the market.
Mon lay and Tuesday's receipts amount 10 about
.38.500 against 46.100 for Hie firs: two .ys last I
week, and alinoujth today's receipt* Wrre esti- |
mated at 19.000 ho^s buyers succeeded In fo:Cing
prices 10 cents under yesterday*.
sheep— Monda. 1 aid Tuesday's receipts of
Sheep am u.it to about 20,b00 head a< compared ;
with 30,2i3 for ibe sam« portion of las. week, :
and l'ts.b.>l :or the corresponding time a year ago.
small receipts continue 1 strength, and j
to-day there was a farther me of 10 cents, the <
supply being but abou bOOO.
CATTLK— Recelcts. 3000. Fiincv beeves. *5 40
@5 50; choice to pr me steers, S5 0335 15; g< o<l to :
cnolce steerj. 94c05500; medium steers. 94 35@
4 55: fair beef steers $4 1 i>,a« 1 30; common beef
steers. $3 75@400: good to nrimd stockers ana j
feeders. 94 2U@l 50: common to good stoclcers
and feed-r<. 9.-* i fa, 15; bulls, cnolce to extra, i
93 50@3 75. do poor 10 choice, 92 25(43 40; cows
and hellers, choice to prime. 93 9U@l 35: cows, fair |
tochoice. *3 7.*>®3 H5: do common to fair ca<iner% 1
i SI 75@2 7U; calves, good to faucy. 94 bO®l 50: '
do common to gooa, *<UO(<SI 75: lexaiieU steers.
fair to choice, 93 70@4 B«l: Texas cows, bulls and
oxen, 9.' -■ ■'■ & ■ 80; milkers ana springers, per
Lead, 925@4 5.
HuCfS — Receipts, 9 OOt). Heavy paclclnc and ;
ft::; 1 in.' lots, $3 5(J&g4 07Vz'- common to choice :
mixed. S3 *5!&4 07' 2: cnoicc assorted, 94 00(^
4 05: light, $a hsig,4 0.1; pigs. 13 10*4.
K>.P— Receipts. 8000. Inferior to caolc*,
$3*0&5 2b; lanitn, $3 75(g.5 6a
I.eceiptß at Omaha.
SOUTH OMAHA. Nr.nit.. April 6-HOOB
-| Receipts, 3800. Market lower; practically every
thing at 93 85.
CATTLE — Receipts. 1900. Market steady, !
active. Steers, 93 75@4 50; cows, 91 75(54 00: j
feeders, 93 40(54 45.
■ MiKtr— Receipts 1700. Market strong to 10c I
higher. Western muuous, 94 40.
NEW luKK MOCKS.
Bonds. J liai.R... Money and Railroad
Share*.
Money on call easy at lVi@l»,iV: last loan at
1 1 /a'4 and closing at l J /2/t- Pi ini>- mercantile paper, |
i 3Vi@3»4X. Jar silver. 6J » 4 c. Mexican dollars, 1
1 48c. Merlins exchange Is quiet, with actual j
i business in bankers' bills nt S4 £53;(&4 86 for 60
days and 94 Bi@4 87 1/4 for demand. Posted
rate*, 94 86y ; (a, 88. Commercial bills, 94 84V' |
©4 851/4- Government bonds firm; Mate bonds |
dull; railroad bonds lower. Silver at the board j
1 was neglec:ed.
CICKIXO STOCKS.
!Am Tel * Cable... 86 'North American... S3 4 1
: Atchlson lOV4 Northern Paclflo.. 12. .' 8 '■
Preferred 19%! Preferred 3bi 8 ,
Adams Express.. . 14« | Northwestern. 104 i, 4 !
; Alton, Terre Haute 55 ; Preferred 154
i American Exoresslll IN V Central. **974 I
American lobacco 73 NY. Cblcago&mlj 11%
Preferred 106 j Ist preferred «5
Hay istate U«s 9Vi lid preferred. 27
Baltimore & Ohio.. 13 SY* N H 170
BrunswlcK Landi. V 4 :.N V A New Eng... 87
Buftalo, Both &P. lo» 4 NY. Susq <fe W.... 71/4
Canada Pacific *B'/2 Preferred „ 22Va
I Canada Soutnera.. 4tji / 4 | Ontario 8V»
Canton Land „ 60 . 'ntano 4 Western l 3y a
Central Pariac 8 1/4 I Oregon lmprovmnt— —
Ches at Ohio 1«? 8 Prefe-red
I Chicago Alton 162 On-con Navigation JO
Prelerred I' 4 Oregon Short Lino. 11
Chicago, B & Q.... 71 l'acidc Mall . 26V4
Chicago X 111.... 40 Peoria. b& Kvans '■ 2
Preferred 95 Pittsbur? <t %V pid. 16
I Chicago Gas "8% Pullman Palaoe.... 157
i Clever I'lttiDurg. 1«3 Quicksilver 11
! Consolidation Coal. 3jV^ Preterrea 8
; Consolidated 0a5..13H Heading 20%
'■ CC C sit Louis... 29 KloGrande&w'esta 12
Preferred 77 : 1-referred 30
' Colo Fuel &. Irca.. I" 1 /! Hock Island.. 62y 3
rreferred... 87 RomeWnt<tO?de'n.ll7
Cotton 0.1 cert.... 10y 2 6t L* s \V. 2y 3
! Commercial Cable. 156 Preferred «
i Dei Hudson 103 t?t Paul. . 72%
Del Lack&Westrn. 14^ Preferred . 132
, Denver &RG 10 ,St Paul <fc Dalutb . 18
Preferred • BV4 Preferred... .. 80
Distillers. ■ St Paul & Omaha.. 68 5 4
General Electric. 81 I Preferred Is
i trie 12Vi St fM & M . . 115
Preferred l.»»/ Silver Certificates. 61*/ 8
Fort Wayno... 18-' tScuthern Pacllla.. 14Vi 1
1 Great Northern DfaU 9 [houthcrn 1: U wi
' Ureen Bay. — I Preferred 25S/ 4
Barlem 304 ißngiir Refinery.. .1103.
BocklngCoaL. 3"/ 4 Preferred . l°l 3 /4
; ockine Valley... 3V» Ter m Coal & Iron.. 2ft%£ I
Honi"Ktake 35 • Preferred.. to
;B & Texas Central Texas Pacific .. .. 8y«
Illinois Central.... »lVz,Tol A A A N Mich.— —
icwaCVntraL 6 I Tol Ohio A Central 15
Preferred 20 ; Preferred 60
1 KaDsan <fc Texas... 1 1 /4 Tol »t Louis AX 0 By?
Preferred >7%H Preferred lliu
Kingston A Perm.. 3 I Union Paclflo 6 3 / i
Lake Erl« <k Westa lai/iif P Den A0u1f.... 15i/ 4
Preferred 61 U h Cordage. „ —
Lake snore 104 j Preferred —
National 1^ad..... 22 ! 4 : I'-'anranteed — —
Preferred „ iii: ,'V *> Expr<-35 8»
Long Island 40 L' leather. M 6%
Louisville A Nash.- 45% Preferred.. ....... 64 Vi
Loulsvilie.N AiDajr Vi Rubber 13^
Preferred li/ 4 : Preferred H3
Manhattan Con 833 /4 i lilca & D River.. .160
Memphis A Charts 16 \V»O «L A PaclUc. 6
Mexican Centra ... l\' a I'riJerred 12%
Ulchitrao Central.. 9* >Well«-Fargo. 100
Minn A3 L 'Western 'union . »03/g
Preferred j Wisconsin Central. IV*
Inn ASt L com... 17 |WheeUnsALK . •1- ■•
Ist preferred 78 Preferred 3V%
SdDreferred 45 |Am Co ton Oil pM. 65»A
Missonrt Paclflo... 16y 8 W U Beef 6
Mobile A Ohio 39 jA on Arbor V
Nashville A Chats. 67% Preferred 24y»
National Linseed.. 12 1 Brooklyn Traction, lit : ",
NJ Central. 771,8 Erie 2d pfd. 17
Norfolk A We*tra. 11>V* American Spirit*.. ln&
J-Jbierreo 26 I Preferred 31^
tif.Hi.xa IOMM.
Aim Class A 4»- 105 Northern Pas 1U5.116
Do Class H4. 8«. 104 j• Do 8d....... 63i/
Alabama, class C. 100 Do3ds. 881/,
I Atrbiaon 4s :... tOVi' 'Do consoles...... — -
IK) 2ds A 44i/4!Or lmproviuni l«. 858^
Canada south 2<1«.105 1 Do 6*. . ... 191.3
C*n Paolsti of' 96 it, RAN lata. H3^
Cherokee 4s. 1896. I Doconnol ..— -
Do 1897.......... Id Hhort Line ..115
101898 "....100y ' Doconsol 5s .. 74
I)ol8»» l00»/8 ractnc6so: 97....
Ches A Ohio 5s 111 Phlla A Reading 4,1 mi
Cb AN PTr Rcta 41 14 Do Is: pfd In com. M9V,
J) C 3-665. 109 V* 1 " GrandeWest Ist* 721/%
lien A RG Ist 112 -t L4lronMt(ieosj 70
D0«5. ......; 88 !Bt L A F Gen Bs.. 11l
Er1«2«15..r..'. ..;... 64 St Paul Consols.:.. 134
FtWADenCtiy Ist! 6(J% >t PC A Pa lsta ..118V,
H A 8 A 0» 10:<Vs|^o Carolina **,.*... 105
Do2d7a. 96V% Southern It I. 01 ... 89
ben Klec Det>ss... tfti ■ Do Pac Cat law,. 10 7y 8
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY, APRIL 7, 1897.
U A Tex Cent 65... Term new 3s 76
D0c0n65.........10l Texas Pac 1bi5..... 88
Jnwa Central lsts.. »1 ■ 1 exa* Ids 19>4
Kansas Pa Consols 74 ' l.clou Pac Ist* 96. 101 i/i
Ks Pa lsts Den Divl l«i 4 V » 4s reg of 1923. 123S/ 4
La Consol 45.. »5 [ l)o 4s, coupon. ... 124
Missouri funding.. .— V Us reg of 1907. 11l
HKTi'ds. 6 fij| Do4s, coupon.. ..ll2V a
Do 45.... 8*3 /4 j Do2s 96Vi
Mobile A Ohio «s.. 65y,' Lots, reg 114
Mutual Union 6t..l 12 i Do6o. coupon ..lit
N J Cent Gen 55.. .1101% i V a funding deot... «J3iA
X YCAB:LouIa4sXO3%| Do registered
Nor A West Gen 6a 12 2 Do deferred 6a... 6
N Carolina cuu 45. 102 Do inisl rcpta.pi 6
I** 12* Wabasn Ist sa 104 V%
NfcriiiivtaiConaola. 143 West oiiuru «•••... 1071,1.
i^i-u«n* o« ..,3 hi
FOREIGN MAKKKTS.
WHKAT IN LIVKKPOOI»
LIVERPOOL. E.no., April The spot mar
ket is quiet at t>s V2 (ft6s 2d. Cargoes weak at
-Us 9d sellers, nearly dm-.
FUTURES.
I he Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Ltvt rpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: : May.
6sO'/ 2 : July, 5s 9Vid: September, 5s S-^d.
SECURITIES.
LONDON', Esq., April 6.— Consols. 112 Vi ;
silver, 28 5-ltkl; trench Rentes, 102f 72\%C.
EXCHAH6K AM) BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — 0483*4
Sterling i-.xchaiiKe, sight — 4 88'
bterlitig Cables — 4 HHy a
New York Exchange, sight — 17Va
New Yoric Exchange, telegraphic. — 20
tine silver, per ounce — 61 3 , i
Mexlcau Dollars 49 1 / 60
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT ANU OTUKR GRAINS.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— There Is no spot char
tering of any consequence and rates are therefore
nominal fit about 17s 6d. The chartered Wheat fleet
in por: tins a registered tonnage of 8000, against
20.650 tens on the same date last year; disen
gaged. 85,120 tons, against M.800; on the way to
this port, '..'51.0110 tons, against 207,400.
WMKA'J— The market Is in <he same old rut.
Futures are slowly settling and every few days
spot prices shade a fraction. The demand con
tinues poor. Quoted at VI 20@l 27V» ft ctl for
common tirade*, f 1 30 V ell lor average No. 1,
»i :^i 3 for choice and $1 ;S7Va(SI 40 ft ctl for
extra choice milliner.
(ALL BOARD SAI KS.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— December—
3000 c a. ifl JtH /4 .
k.c"M) UKSBIOM — December — 12,000 ctls,
Cl li.i/i: 12.000, $1 10y 8 ; 16,000, $1 10; 2000,
$1 09"
Ktiai.Aß Moßviio Session — December —
200j eta. $1 09; 6000, $1 OH 6 : 6000, OSS'.;
20,000. Jfl Ut>>)fc; 32,000. $1 OpV»: 52,000, $1 U8» /4 .
May— 2ooo,9l 20 14000, if 1 201,8". 6000, 203 a;
40L0. *1 20' 4 .
AFTEBNOOK >kssion — December — 14,000 oils.
$1 08«*; hOOO, *1 0.-%: 2000, $1 00%: 1:000,
$1 08Vt- May— 2ooo *. ill; 2000, $1 '.!&; 20u0,
SI 2 -' s ; 2000, $1 20i, ; 4OUO, *1 20%; 2000.
SI l'0»/i: 4000. $1 203/g.
HAhiiKY- There Is not much going on and
prices are rather weak than otherwise. Feed.
60<Si67i^c: Brewing. 77V 3 '§B7i4c.
CAM. KHAKI) SALKS.
Informal, session*— 9:lß o'clock— No sale*.
Ski-ox li cession— May — 2000 ctls, 6414 c: -000,
64 i M .-.
I.eimi,ar Morning Session — December— 2ooo
ctls, titi^gc: 8000. 6b"i/ a c; 4000, 67c. May— 4oJo,
63Vic: -.'OOO. 633 c: 2000, 63Vac; 4000. 635 c.
Afternoon j-kshion— No «a;es.
(UTS- continue to report trade exces
sively dull. Mining are quotable at $1 15@1 -'0
«* cti : Fancy Feed. $1 25@l 30 iS ctl: common I
White, $I@l 10; iiood to . holce. 81 12Vi@l 2-> •■; i
Black for feed. 95c@«l 05; Gray, si 10@l 1714: :
>uriirlm', $1 S6#l 40 t» ctl. Clipped Oats sell $1(0) I
2 per ion over .neraw product.
Coll % — email Hound Yellow Is lower. Other de
scriptions ar>- unchanged. The market Is very
dull. I arge Yellow, 80<aS2y 2 c ctl; t-miill Hound
do. 97% c: White. 80© 85c v cti.
RY>--Dull and nominal at 77Vjr*«a^o * ctl.
BUCKWHKAi -Quoted at $1 io@l 25 $ ctL
FLOUR AND JIILLSTDFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras,
$175@4 85; Bakers' extras, $4 50(gi4 65; Super
tine. $4(4,4 35 * I'M.
CORN A 1.,, ETC. — Feed Corn. ?17 60@18:
Cracked Corn, $18®19 t> ton.
MlLLsTlFF.S— Prices In sacki are as follows,
usual discount to the trale: Graham Flour, $2 85
> 100 lbs: Kye Flour, $2 50 "* 100: Rlceß Flour,
$5 75; Cornmeal, $24}- -•'■ extra cream do, $2 75,
Oatmeal, $3 50; Oat Groats. *4: Hominy, 93 10®
3 3j; buckwheat Flour, S3 25® i 50: Cracked
Wheat, 43 50; Farina, $4: Whoie Wheat Flour,
S3; Rolled uats(bbls). 94 75@5 16: Pearl Barley,
S3 75(44. Split Pras, $.-1 50; Graendo, $4 25 ft 100
lbs.
HAY AND FEKDSTUFFS.
Hay will probably continue weak from now on,
as the new crop is not far off.
BKA.N— $12 50013 for the best and $11 50@12
V ton lor outride brands.
MIDDLINGS-« 16©17 50 for lower grades and
SiKd, 1 * 50 V ton for the best.
FKKDSTI Fr"s — Rolled Barley, Sls 50@16;
oilca«e Meal at the mill, 926 30 9 ton; jobblug,
927 50.
HAY- Wheat, ?S;ilO 50: Wheat and Oat, * 7r.il
HI: Oat, ?«(a,h 50: Barley, 96 50@8: Alfalfa. 96
.■:.. 50: compressed, « 6@9 50; stock, 95(56; Clo
ver, $6gß ?l ton.
STRAW— 2S aSOc %t bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Mustard Seed Is lower and neglected. Beans
show a number of small changes.
BKANs— Kayos quoted a: 91 75®195; Small
Whites, *I®l 20 per ctl: Large Wnites, 91^1 20
ft ctl: Pinks. $1 05« l 20; Reds, 91 10@l 20
Blackeye, SI 50©l 75; J!ed Kidney. 92@2 60: 1,1
--miis. 91 tO®l CO; Baiters, 91 25@1 50. Pea, 91 10
@1 25.
SEEDS- Brown Mustard, $2 5032 75; Yellow
Mustard, 1(1 50 V ctl: Flax. $1 SO ft ctl; Canary
Seed, 13,i@il/ 4 c "f, tt>: Alfalfa, 6y 4 c; Rape, 21 „;<$
2 /4 c; Hemp, 3c: Timothy. 4 VaC
DItIED I'Kas— Mies, *I@l 20 ft ctl; Oreen,
91 25@1 40 t 4 - ctL
POTATOJKS, ONIONS, VKGETABLES.
Peas are higher and Asparagus Is lower. Onions
are scarcer and firm. No change in Potatoes
POTATOES— New Potatoes. l%@2y*c: sweet
Potatoes, $i(<!>l 76 1? ctl: Early Hose, 65075 c
V c:l; River Keds, «5@76c: Burbank (Seedlings,
45@65c> ctl for River-, 9(1c®91 10 for Salinas
and 60(g«76c for Peiaiumas; Oregon Burbanks, 65a
&91 10.
ON IONS— Oregon-, $2 50»J3 & ctl. Cut Onions,
Si * sa< k.
VKi.fcTABLKS-Recelpts were 640 boxes As
paragus. 434 boxes Rhubarb a- <1 157 sks Peas.
Hothouse Cucumbeis quotable at 75c(£$l 50 ft
dozen; Asparagus, 3@sr %• Ib for common, 6@7c
V Ib for choice anil be > Hi for fancy: Rhu- I
barb, 75c@El 25 ♦ box: Marrowfat i-rjnash, 97 !
@8 ? ton: i*s A nceles Tomatoes, $1 25 V box: i
Mexican Tomatoes. 91@1 50 » box: Dried i
Peppers, 6@Bc %t Ib; Green Peas, 2Va(B»Jc: Los
Angeles Mnnit Beans 10c: Drle l Okia. B@9c V
Ib; Cabbage, 40@50c 'f> cti; Carrots, 1!5@30c '# sk:
Garlic, li /a ®2c * Ib
KITTtK, CIIKKSK AND EGGS.
BUTTKR— The market is weak and dealers are
shading the quotations here, and there, blocks are
large.
Creamf.p.y— Fancy creameries. 13V 2 @l4c: Me- I
onds. 12013 c * Ib.
Dairy— choice to fancy, il<2Bl2c * Ib; lower
gr»d»s, B^»luc.
Pkki.k.i.-131'2@14c ? !b for new.
Firkin— Lieilc * lb for new.
Crkamkry Tub— New, 14'<U4VsC "& lb.
CHEKSK— Prices have not chanced for some
time. The shelve* are »ell filled. Choice mild
new, «Vz(*7c %( Ib: common to good, ty^dtur:
Cream Cheddar, lOftil lc: Youn: America, 7@Bc;
Western, lie: Kas;ern, 13@15c %* ft..
K(i(^^— Quotations remain stationary. Receipts
are au.plf tor all iii-eds. Kanch Kges, ll</i®l2c;|
stoic K«ts. 10Va(*Hc ii dozen; Duck Eggs, iv I
1 15c V- dozen.
POULTRY AND) GAME.
POULTRY— The market Is completely bare of
, Eastern which elves local stock a linn tone, and :
| some descriptions are gher. Very small Broil
ers are unsalable.
Live Turkey*, 14@lfc for Gobblers, 14@15c for
Hens; Geese & pair, C2@2 25: Goslings, $'J 50@3:
Ducks, $5(0j6 50 for old and 97<&8 50 tor young;
Hens. f*if,.> 50; Roosters, young. »6 60®7 60: do.
01d.*4&4 .'b; r ryers, $ .60(46: broilers *6@5 50 %*
ci< •/. for large and *3(ja4 50 tor small: Pigeons, 92&
2 25 V no/. :or young and 91 50 for old.
<'A.M h—Hare. 7Sc@sl; Rabblis, 91 25 for Cot
tontails and *1 for small.
DECIDUOUS ANI» CITKUS FRUITS.
>nlr a few Apples are seen here and there. Or
j anges are in>bundaut supply, but choice Navels
! are firm' Lemons are plentiful and dull.
. DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
.: Apples. »1 'Js@2 60 9 box.
CITRUH FKI HS-Navel Oranges are quotable
at $2 25@3 25 t* box; Scd;ing«. 7500,9125 «
box; Mediterranean Sweets. 91@ 1 60 »* box:
| Lemons, 75c(^$l 25 lor common and 91 50(42
| for good to ciiolto; Mexican Limes, 94 * box;
I California Limes. 75c: Bananas, 91w)2 '«» bunch-
Pineapples, 92(34 '£ ■!•■-•. * '
IJRIKD FKUITS, KAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
The market is quiet all around.
DRIED FKUITS— Quotations are as follows:
Peaches. 4®si^c 1* It.; fancy, 6c ft Ib: peeled!
10(<l12V%c; Aprico.s, 6@Bc; iioorpark*. 10(gil2c;
| evaporated App en, :@.ii. : c; sun-dried, 2@2y 2 c-
Prunes. 2^/♦@2B^c for the 4 sizes; hiie rigs, 3c;
Plums, 46t4V»c lor pitted and l@l^,c for unpit
led: Nectarines. ai/affiSi/sc* Ib for piime to fancy:
Pears 2 W*4c for w»iole, 2J-j©6i; for quarters and
ofe4c for halves. . ■ .... > ,-. ,
RAISINS—
Four-crowu, loose, 53 /i c: S-crown, 414-: 2-crown.
• 1i :«" r i" 1 seed ess -iiliu.ihs, 6<asv*c: seedless
Mt.scat*ls 41/^jc; 3-crown London layers. »I@l -IS
* cms e-s, #1 60; Dehesa clusters. 9i 50- l.» i>erlai
I clusters. 92 50: dried grape, out. '
j fli^«T 'L Ch^*; l:intß < > 001 *"' 6 at 8.310 c; Walnuts.
6Vz@7c t* S> for standard ana 9©9UiC * tt> for
aofishell: Almonds, 6©6i/j,c for Languedoc, :-(«
3>/ac for hardshell nnd B@9c * Ib for paperstn-li^
4(a.Gc » Ib tor Eastern and 4c for Caljl
fornla: Hickory Nuts, ®6c t* Ib; Pecans. 71A®
He* Ib: Filberts. 7U»@Bc; Brazil Nuts, 7%@Bc:
Cotoauuts $5(35 50 £ lot*.
HONKV— Comb. 1w@12% for bright and s®9c
for lower grade*; water-white extracted, 5@5 1
ll«ht amber extracted. 4V.@4«,ic; dart amber,
4(tt4^sc; daik, 2@«c * Ib.
BEESWAX- ?! Ib.
PROVISIONS.
Business is 11 01 very brisk and prices show no
chance.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 7c V Ib forheavy. 71,4 c
«• Ib for light medium. 10c for ii.-ht. lOi^c » Ib
for extra light and 12c %* lb for sugar cured East
ern sugar-cured Hams. 12Vic * Ib: California
Hams, lit V Ib: Mess Be«f, $9 V* bbl: extra
mess do, $9 50: family do, l @lo 50; extra
prime Pork, $8 50: extra near. $14 '«( bbl; mess,
$12 'v bbi; Smo.eil Bee*. rOc fl» Ib.
L Kb— Ka-i'ern tierces are <|tioi»d at 834 c for
compound and Ui/£(ai7c :or p. re; pails. 7V2C;
Califortn 1 tierces, 41 7 c tor compound and 6c for
pure: halM.bls, 7c: 10-lb tins, 7V' 2 c: 'to 5-Ib 7:^c.
i:oTTULENK-6cln tierces aud 7»i@Bi/ 8 c In
10-lb t.ns.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL. AND HOPS.
HIDES AND BKINS-Quotatlons show no dis
turbance. The market rules quiet. Culls and brands
sell lc under sound stock. Heavy salted steers. 8c;
medium. 7c f> lb; light, 7c 'f Ib; OowhMea, 7c:
Stags, sc; salted Kip, 7c %* It); salted Caf, He;
salted Veal 7 C ; dry Hides. 12i^»13c: culls and
brands, 91/aOlOc ¥* ft; dry Kip and Veal, 9@luc; ;
dry Calr. j5c:«u!1«. 10c; Coatsklni, MMSSc eiich;
Kills. sc; Deen-kins. cooil summer. 250 %* Ib;
medium, "_'oc: winter, 10c; sheepskins, iihear
lings, 10@V0c each: short wool, 2S@3sc each;
medium. 30@45i; each; long wool , 40«£60c each.
TALLOW— No. 1, rendered 3@:u, 4 c # lb; Na 2,
2i^c; refined, sc: Grease. 2c ?! Ib. |
WOOL— The demand was never sharper and the 1
market Is excited, both here und in the country, i
Buyers are actually engaging Wool on the sheep's
back. ces »re higuer and s. Iff. with prosp*cts
of a fun her advance. Spring <• ip: Mountain, 11@
14c: Foothill, 1 Ufa. 12 Vac: t-an Joaquin, year's clip,
7(oJ10c; do, seven months, 8»llc * Ib; Nevadas,
li@l4c; Eastern Oregon. 7@loc.
HOPS— for fair to choice and 9@loc i» Ib
for fancy. Prospects of a tariff on these goods
lead the trade to hope for belter prices later on.
GENERAL AIl-.ItCHANDISE.
BAGS-Calcutta Grain Bags, spot, 6»4c; June- I
July delivery. ic; San Quentin, $5 40; Wool
Bags. •.'4r<i27c.
COAL— Wellington, fB H ton: New Wellington,
$8 per ton; bouthlield Wellington, $7 60 * Ion;
Seattle, $5 su : Bryant, f5 50; Coos Bay, $4 75
%» ton; Wa'lsend. ,*7 %* ton; Cumberland,
913 50 «* ton In bulk and $15 In sacks; Pennsyl
vania, Anthracite Kj;r, «HC<fil2 %* ton: Welsh An
thracite, $8<(jlO; ratine:. $8 ft ton: I ock Springs,
Castle (J*ie an.l I'.easant Valley. $7 60; Coke.
51 1fa.12 In balk and $13 V ton In sks
CANNED FRUlTS— Cherries, black or red,
2V«2-lb, extra, $2 V doz: White Claries, 2Va-Ib.
extra, $2 50: 2i ib standards, $2 10; Peaches-
Yellow, free, 51 ()@laO: \pricois-90c(atl 05:
RHSpberr es, $1 7o; berries $1 75.
CANNKi VEGKTABLK!*— 70c 9
dozen 2Va-tt» :lns I'eas— sl(g,l 25 %4 dozen.
COFFEE— We quote:
Costa Rita— lM^@l9i/ c V !b for good to prime
washed- 17^,felSc tor good: 16i/2@I7VIC for good
mixed with black beans; 15V<.Q»i7c for fair; 10@
131/2 C nominal for common to ordinary.
Salvador— l7ia)lßc for g«.od to prime washed;
15>/if(ll63ic 'f» Ib tor fair washed; !B>a>l9c%* Ib for
good to prune washed pearxrry; 14i/^@l4s /4 c for
superior Dn washed; l3iA(^l3 for good un
washed; 17(517',2C for good 10 prime unwashed
peaberry.
GUATKMALA AND M KXICAN— I9(32!»C %1 tt> for
prime to strictly primp wasned; 173/i(a|lßi/ic for
good to strictly good washed; 16@17v4C tor fair
washed l?@lsc %* Ib for medium; lf@l2V.cfor
ordinary; Bijutt^c for int. or to common; 19@ 1
20c forgo.'d to prime washed ie:iberry; 17©17^jc
for goo 1 to prime unwashed peab<-rry.
FIsH — 1897 iish are quoted us follows: Orn
hundred-round cases. 4:' 4 c %t Ib; &0-lb bundles
(1896), 334 c V tb; Boneless (18.'6), 61/ic: Mid
dles, B>/2C: Blocks, ..(g,7c: Desiccated, 80c "$ doz:
Pacific Herring, 15c "f box: Dutch do, 9Jc®sl 10
» keg: WhH.-ti*h, »1 50 In liiil«-bbls and *1 75 In
kits; Tongues and SouuJs, ( 12; Mackerel, bols—
>a 1, $20: No. 2. $1» 50; No. 3, 317: half-bbis—
No. 1. $9(0.9 hO; No. 2. 88 50619 ; No. 3, $8 60; kits
—No. 1. f 1 50: No. 2. $1 25: No. 3, $1.
QUICKSILVER— $40 *? flask.
OIL — California Castor Oil, cases. No. 1, 95c:
bbls, t>Oc t* gal (manufacturers' rates): Linseed
OH, in bbls, boiled, 40c; do raw, 38c: cases. 3c
more: Lard Oil, extra winter strained, bbls. 50c:
No. 1. 45c; cases, 5c higher; Cnma Nut, 4r(&54c
V gallon.
PETROLEUM, GASOLINE. ETC -The Stand
ard OH Company quotes as f Hows: Waterwhlte
Coal O 1, in bulk. 10i/ c; Peart Oil, in cases, ltc:
Astral, do, I6c; star, do 16c: Extra star Oil. in
cases. 20c; Maine, do, 21c; Eocene, do, 18c: De
odorized stove Gasoline, in bulk, HVa" do. in
cases. 17c; 63 dg. Deodorized Naphtha, In bulk.
101 2 = : 63 dj;. do. In cases, 15 Vic: 86 dg. Gasoline,
in bulk, 20c; 86 dg. do, in cases, 26c ¥• gal.
WHITE LEAD— Quoted hi s«,i(g>s i/ 8 c f* ft.
RED LEAD— Quotable at 51/4(0.3 V^c 1* &>■
TURPENTINi-— in cases. -Jlc; In iron barrels,
S9t.'; in wooden barrels. 41c »* Ib
CANDLES— The Standard Oil Company quotes
as follows: Electric Light— 6'i. 16 07., 7y.c: 14 oz,
6 : <4c; 12 oz, 6c; 10 oz. Si^c GrKnltes— 6'S 10 oz,
BVac: 14 oz. 7Vic; 12 cz, 7c; 10 07., 6*40.
LEATHKK- Harness, heavy, .ll;»;(.r; do me
dium. 28c: ou llL'ht. •_' Va. J. r >o ICough Leather, 19@
'21c V 2b: Kips, $,D:^is per dozen: Calf. 70a90c;
Rough .-pill*. »(a,9j; B<-n-knife Spl t», 12@14c;
Collar Leather, black, ll', 2 S£l3c toot: do rus
let. li%@l3c; Skirling Leather. SIVi tH lb.
SUUAK— The Western sugar Keliniue Company
quotes, terms net cash: 1 übeand Crushed and Fine
crushed. t>Vic: Powdered. 5S 4 c: Dry Granulated,
5V8": Confectioners' A, 51/Jjc. Magnolia A, 4^c;
Extra c, 4.v M C Golden «', 4i-»": Candy Granulated,
&>,;< : hall uarreis Vie more than barrels and boxes
Vi<-- more.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs continue weak ana in heavy receipt. Lamb
sells well. Beer and Mutton are unchanged.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 60; second do, 6@sVac;
third do, 4@4V!BC & Ib
VEAL— Large, 6@6c; small, 6(87c tA Ib.
MCI TON — Wether,, 5> 3 46c; Ewes, 5c "$ Ib.
LAMB-HpriiiK, 7@*c f> lb.
PORK — Live llo.s, 44|4V4|C for large and 43/,
©4'- 2 c for small anil medium: dressed do, s(js6V^c
WOOD, LUMIJKR, ETC.
Posts, B@loc earn for No. 1 and 5i' 2 @6y 2 for
No. 2: Redwood, $5 fA cord; oak, rough, 46 50;
Peeled, $9; Pine. $5 75.
Tan Bark-No
LUMBER— Rates are nominal.
RECEIPTS OK PRODUCE.
TOR 24 ROCKS.
Klonr, <jr sks.... 14.229 Euunr. ctl«... — 281
* heat, ctl*. . 4,090 Chre»e, cus..,. „ 53
Earley.ctls..._. 80S Ken «05.... ' _ 10.530
Potatoes, slts.._ 6,285 Hide*, no ._ 502
Onions. mi .._ 10 Pelt*, bd15. ...... 225
Hay. ton*.. _ 354 Wine, pals. ..._„ 61>00
Straw, tons. 80 Wool, bis 953
bran, «k« 2,265 Leal h*r, r0115.... 65
Middlings, «*.. 400
SEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
H. H. Kent to Board of Trustees of Calvar/
Presbyterian Church and Con».-reKßlon. San Fran
cisco, lot on NW ccmiTof Jackson mid FIUII or
streets. W 125, N 127:81,4. E 25, » 2:8%.; E 100,
5125:4V4; $10.
Robert A and Horace M. Wheeler, Florence G.
Taylor ui:d Horace Z. Wheeier (by Fobert S.
Wheeler, ottcrn^y) to WiliU m M. Morcan. lot on
8 line of Ftfietn.h street. 210 \V Noe, W 25 by s
115; *10.
T. J. Konrke to John 11. (Jrady, lot on a line of
Twenty-n nth street, 331:4 W of Douglass, W 25
by Sil4: »10
John H. and Ellen G. Gra-ly to Mary M. Blals
dell, same. $10.
George A. Hill, Antoinette 11. Clark and Annie
H. Chillis (b.- Murdoch A. Camlwll, commis
sioner).to vVil;iamMeins.le»<>eho:d ot lot on W line
of Join-H street, 97:6 S of Sacramento, h 40, W 70,
N 20, W 6, M 20, E 6:2, N 20, E 8:9. b 20. E 60;
$8 0.
_Belle veguine to C harle^ L. Tllden. re-record
17 Id 216, of lot on SB corner Kldorado and
i.li.m'h Island s- reel!, X 10 ! » b» N 200: If 10.
John li. Brill lo (Jeorge S. Fo.s ni. lot on E line
of Michigan s;reet 175 N ot Sieira, -> 25 by X 10U;
910.
Ado ph Mitro to Irvin S. and Annie 8. Preston,
! lot 17, outside land*, block 224, »W corner Cle
ment street and Forty-third avenue, S i.5 by \V
1*0: «:o.
Jacob B. and I'ora Neusmdter, Percy and
Kml S. Beamish to Mary Scliafer and Edna Le
malie, lot on -s\v corner or Point i.otios and Tenth
avenues, 8 100 by W a 2:6: 10
London and San Francisco Bank (limited) to
Louis Lipniun, lit un Hue of Tenth avenue, 100
A of I street. .V 25 by X 1:0: $10.
Albert Meyer to tame, lot on X line of Tenth
avenue, 125 Soil street, N '25 by E 120; $10.
Louis and Hose Upman to I.iilA Bell, lot on X
line of Tenth avenne, 100 X ol I street, N 50 by X
120; $10.
Anna and A»1olph Petrr to Annie Nirawmeyer.
I lot on X line of 1 wertv-eigblli avenue, 50 .N of a
j street. N SO by X 1.0; $10
I Jones. Alle . A Co. to Jennie K<ipey. lot on X line
of Kor.y-Hghlh Avenue, 250 t) of T street. S 60 by
X 120; $10.
Jacob and Lina I ley man (b» Osrur Tleyman, at
torney) to Margaret Paul, lots 818 Gift Map 2;
$ 10.
Stanford Addition Land Company to J. A. Mil
ler, lota '24 nun -.6. block 6, plat A, Mjnnyslde Ad
dition .No. 1: 810.
Wil lam M. and Mary K. Kit/hush to P. F.
Perryman, lot on SW corner of Clark' and »tan
yan streets, W 660 by b.2'»B, block 88, htauford
Heiuhti; $10.
Sarah or Sarah H. McUintock to Mary M.
Kchnelle, 10. on 8*; corner of Uarrle<d and 'I born
ton streets, X 25 by s 100, lot 25. block 5, City
Land Association; $10.'
l.e«in Carrata to Adolpb Lubeclc, lots 28 and 27,
block 52, City Land AssosUtlon; $100.
Kuijeue () Connor to Annie X., tugene F.. Mary
0., Josephine and Margaret O'Connor, lot on »
line of M street (Alvaraao), 15-2:8 \V of Sanchez,
. W 69:11 by S 114; gift.
ai.aMF.iia COUNTY.
Antoinette and Louella Trembley to Louis
Cbartrand, lot on B line of Myrtle street, '.'53 of
Twenty-eißhlh street. H 60 by X 100, block 65»,
Ke<-ne Tract, Oakland; S'2Boo.
Archibald C ana Annie K. stod tart (by com
mi»slon«r) to (h«r es W. Sexton, lot on A line of
Myrtle reet. lX9:ti S. f W«at Fourteenth sire«-t,
H 26 by W 125. being the a half of lot 6, b.ock 570,
Oakland: fltisjl.
Joseph O. 1 >•,«(■ to John Bernadon, lot on W line
Of i tilde • street,- 100 S • f Tbitty-sec-un.l, S 40 by
W 132, being lot 1 1 and Nls feet of lot 12, block
669. <;tas- rir Tract, Oakland: $10.
•M. r. Smithsou (by attorney) to Clara M. Aron
son, lot 2, block 2109, Alden Tract at Teiuesoal,
Oakland Township: $10..
.t.oiiMtuin View ometery Association to H.
Schel hni-s, lot 61. plat 30. Mountain View Ceme
tery, Oakland Towt.sliip: fS9
Charles A. and Alice C. Bailey .to- Louisa and
Mary Holm. lot on SE corner of Grayson »nd
>inih sts., X '26 by S 100, being lot 1-', block 177,
Gray son Tract, Berkeley: t'si lot on S line of
Oravson street, 50 X of Ninth. E 25 by S 100, be
ing lot 10, block 177. tirayson Traci. quitclaim
deed, Berkeley : 5. .' ,
Frederick iui and Sarah F. Evans toEliz • J.
Gilliand, lot on Xt, coiner of Sacramemo and
Lincoln "streets, N 60:4 1/2 by h 1 SO, Berkeley:
I also lo; begtnni.ig at a po.nt 266 from SK cor' er of
| Marram and Cedar streets. X 106 by 8 135:4 V».
block 1, Teachers University Homestead Associa
tion. Berkeley: $10.
Delosanl Harriet A. Pratt to Lorenzi D. Vl
man. lot 23 In sub li vision 1". FruUvale Terniina.
'Irac , Brooklyn .o-.vnship; «10.
I « harli-a F. and Alary K. White to Samuel No
lan, lots IS. 14 and 15." Red Kose T.act, Brooklyn
Township; $10 -
Henry and c melie Sehellhaus to James A. John
son, lot on N line of Thirty-fourth or Brown a reel,
107 W'.of Linden, W as, X Viß:iO, 8 7^:.0 to be-
Klnning, lot 18, block 683, UUscock Tract. Oak
> land: s-iii ...
W. A. and Carrie K. Boue to Fourteenth-street
| M. K. Church oi Oakland, lot on KW corner of
I 'lhirty-four:h and Market streets, M 60:1 v,, \V
118:2%, .s«J:i, E 1V3:7 to businuini;. boiu.' lot
1. block i', central Land Company's Tract, Oak
land: also lot be lining at AW corner of lot 1,
t»opk U. Central lrihl < ompany's ■ i ract, thence
I N '2, X 26, X '2. W : H to bceiunln;, being fraction
of lot •_', block O, Ki\id tiact,- subject to mortgage
for*l^oo, Oaklaad; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
The Golden State Land Company with Jacob
Bcliuler, alterations to build. on th« S line of
Vallejo street, ilO & of Polk, 91470; A. Geiifoss,
arcm.ect.
C. B. Rode with R. J. Pavert, to erect a two
j story build ng on S.-. corner of Wcbsterand Fourth
streets, 93104: Charles N. itousseau, architect.
Clara K. Cunningham with C. Chlsholm. altera-
MOUB and additions to tuildlng on HE corner of
Pacific avenue and Broderick street, Clinton Day
architect; f2J69. - .*>-.. -.
Dr. V. P.Buckley with 'I haver & Hughes, to
erect a three-story frame building on sW corner of
Jackson and Taylor streets, B. J. Clinch, archi
cbect; $ 51)30.
THE STOOK MABKET.
The Improvement in mining stocks observed
Monday was morj pronounced yesterday, and the
hole line of Coms'.oclcs sold better, the advance
oeln? most marked in Con. Cal. * Va., Ophiranl
neighboring stocks, Business was also more
active all around.
Seg. Belcher is assessel 5c
The M exican assessment falls delinquent In
office to-day.
A**esainents rending,
/"ollow'nc Inn list o! «jwnmfn:i nxi7 pon^lni;:
No. |
on Imperial. 38
Ipha Cod... lo
it-mi .Nevada. 115
;elcber 64
lexican • li 6
Ita 55
on. CaJ. & Va. 8
o osL 47
onlidence 38
lentuck ]g
tale & .N'orcross 11)
rowc Point 71)
eg. Belcher
1)1 .Aich 11' .Apr 18
05 Apr 2 .Apr 17
20 .Apr 'i .Apr 2tS
26 .Apr 'i Apr 27
20. Apr b Apr 23
••5 .Apr 4 Apr 'ii
25. Pr B. May a
. .Apr 10 ..May 5
30 pr .May 7
.Apr IS May 5
10. Apr 19. Mar 14
20. Apr 24 .May 18
05 .May 6
iJOAUI) SALES.
follower were !ne taies in the San Francisco
Heck Koivrtl yesterday:
*»BOLAE MOBNINI* BEWIOX. mUVKXaXH 9:30.
300 Belcher... 3Pl4Oo CC<&V...I.SU|IOO Occld 15
♦00 39 100 Conn 86 500 :*»va«e... 27
300 BAB 64: .00 U «*. C 29 100 8 NT 45
100 Caled 13 .'UO Ophir 96 200 4tf
100 CiialUe...37 60 ..94J100 Union C.» 27
100 l'lM>lr...l.lb| 1
**TKBNOON SESSION'— I
60n Alpha...- 100 CrwnPt.. 18-30') 0phtr...1.05
Andes. . —25 200 Excnqr...O4 -200 Ovrmn... 09
100 26j2UU M AC ..S)HiJ r«no«i...-..36
650 Belcner...4 300 ............ J<6 100 Bee 8e1. ...06
J>oo 40 300 ....... 17 100 BUT 48
4OJ Bitß 7v iOO 38 200 5tnrd...1.60
200 Bullion.. ,1« 100 H&N......94 150 Union 31
.0 I «:ii011»r.1.20 100 .....93U0J U"Jk«l .....UM
460 CC,tV..l.«.'i 350 Mi,t C..11 100 *' JMK1..31
450 1.301 I
Follow! nr wens tbu »*iu« in the Fad flo Stock
I Gitia yesterday:
•■ RFfJITT.AR RITMIOK— IO:3fV
100 Alpha «9 100 CC&V...1.30 tOO Ophtr 93
101) l »00 ...... 1.27 V, WO C 4 I
2 00 Alt* .200 .....I.S2V- 100 95
200 Andes 20 600 l.aS 200 » 98
4i'j iwicmr.. .it .'on 1.40 300 09
401) Bit 8.....6. -OJf Foini..... J7 400 Ovrrnn....o»
300 62 .'OO Exchqr...u3 tOO Potosi 34
600 64 200 UdtC 2l SOO 33
400 tit 1000 2*-20 l H>Ta^«-....«7
30J Bullion 1 20!) 31 500 Scorpion. .o4
200 Ca1eda....14 200 G Eagle ..15 JODs.Nev 46
150 !mll«e.. I 7,400 il^.N 91 100 ...... A 4
400 Choir 1.17V5<1500 L Wash.. Ul : 1000 BHi 11. ...01
300 1.2. ISOU Mexican..-*;- 10J Btnrd .... I «ys
*Q0 .:.. 1..59J0 .;. 4". 10J Union... ..-jb
lut) t oun 85 JtONvQn. 05 100 Utah 07
140) C Imp ..01 0 Occa 16 t«'O X"- 31
250 03-00 15 1800 SO
iFTIRNooN fissiov- 2:53.
Son AlKha 10 -00 CCV..1.42l^ 1 2500cc1dU....16
»!)0 Alt*. 07 2«0 1.4U950 IB
150 Andes 2 5 .'CO 1.45 UDOtr l.U2i^
15J 8«1chMC....4 ijsoo 1.47 i-b 400 1.07Va
100 ...._ 39 700 1.50 iOOOTrmu....
300 «8 .'OO 1.52 V z 200 Foioai 33
20U B*B .. 67JOU C Imp f. UOli .....36
3!JO 6V 500 03700 Harai*.... 2B
200 69.400 CN Y.. -.oll*oo 29
300 7017JJ l f oinu...l7|3UJ bNir 47
SOU 8u11i0n.... 11 500 Kzcbr Ob '2oo .48
3:iO I* .'OJ O*iC 32 1200 HU1...01
SOoCaleda»...l4 200 ...39 60 SUnrd-1.65
16 1 Cnilnire37V2 150 H&S si JOJ Union 30
100 Chllr.l.2i^ 500 Justice... o: 400 31
6UO l.ii'lH'OO L Wash. ol 100 Ulan 07
100 conn b5 200 Mtxlc»u_ 4b 100 03
100 „... .84900 ..47 20J "1 Ju*t....31
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUKSDAY, April 6 4p. m.
J-iif.A »A "'. [ Mlit. A i**» 6
AU*»nm.:.. W 11 iniu - «* 0
Aim. ...... 07 Of Inntte* — 04
Ana^. ......... 25 '26 ivenioclc..._ 04 06
Belcher *« 4 *i Mexican 48 49
fcesi&Beicn*! 70 71' Nevada Qaeax — 4 6
BentonCon...; — lbl Occidental. 16 17
Bullion ......... 11 I ' 2 ophlr... 1.06 1.10
Caledonia. la 1 overman....- ■ * in-
Chollar 1.20 1.25 I'otosL « 36 87
lon.CaldtVa... 160 lbO|-ava««u 3u 31
Challencr* Coo. 46 i>b scorpion.... _ — t4
con. imporiAi. 0) \r. -> c . Belebar... C 506
Confidence.... 86 81 -liver Hill 01 IX;
ion Mew Yor* 01 I*. sierra Neva A*. 47 49 j
crown Fotat.. 17 It- standard 1.65 1.70
taitaierraXer — t« -irnillcat*. .. — — 03
turn.«n.._ — Sir 1 niouuua..... 31 ' 32
iMclieuuut 03 u-. Ulta -, 1/7 0\)
t>i>uiu«K«Jurrr. 39 41 I 1 eltuw jtcM 31 32
4i»i*tk.Aui'CMi t»3 961
MOCK ANL» BONO ICXCHAN6E.
TUESDAY. April 6-2 T. It
FNITKI> BTATK3 BONUS.
1 J, , H./%A"L. SUL AtktX
CM* ronp.ll2V2ll2»i 'J fc4iree...l«- JlOVi
lJonew :tsoell4 —
11ISCM.I.ANKUIN BONTM.
Cal-BtCrjl*»Bs. 112 — Oak Has 09.. — mi
Cal Klec L 6.1130 — iioUdlsSa... — 109
CntraC!Wsi yt>i,, »8 i'iumtiiinii.K'l)i.,;:l
Dpnt-atex-cp — 100 I'AORjSi. — 11.
>.dnn UkP Usl29 ' - I'ACh K7 6<i. — 105
l'£CHKKtfslOs 107 . t*i-s:ItRS(ll;t lIS
Uearr-K K6s — 105 Ueno, WLJtL — 10 i
Hi&a 6 100 — I hacto V & L.. - 10J
Los Ana JL til 3 10U • SKtN I'Kov 1"1 * 4 !<j'2
Do Gn teed 8* 98VfelU0 MMtliAr.rdi 91 93*4
-MKt-stCble6sl23i4 — hPKKCaIov 106y 107
UoJtyC'oa 6s. 10& 1,4 1051/3 M'KKI 81 '.'.'
.\«;Viiii,iU[ — 100 sPBrKCaISs. »6V« -
NevC.NBK7s.IO3 106 tsVWaterds. 1171/4118
.N KtU: t)a.lo:i — .- V Water 10U3 4 lUl ',
MUrUlu. 85 — BlktnU&n: at «a' 3 iUo-j
! »AH« KTOi~K«.
Contra Costa — 40><j|-»prm{ v'alior 9b %-9
MarlnCo..... 4h< + 0i3 4 |
•AS AND KLKCTRriT
OpttaL.. ... — 30 1 Pact fle LI ant — 61
Central PHy 3 - isFO<fcKlec. 16% 16
M Klao Llcnt ' 8 '.'' * -an > rancsco -■■' » 234
UiK UI. H 64 Mi -,ut»iou — iii
lac oaa imp — t»a |
INSITBANc* rrOClC*.
Ftreman'aFdlSS^ — I
. cona... .». M»v»c ••n-ti
Anclo-Cftl... — 501^ First Natlonl 131 18S
Banitof Ca1.. 23*14340' ■ omonr.VA. — lSOy a
C»ibJJ<fcXColo7 lOU MerchKx.... li -
KA ' ix • < «* VIC BTOC Ci.
ner?ALCo..l34o 1400 Bar & Loan.. — 10)
HumbM.fcL.UoJ — Security 350 —
Mutual... ... — 41 Union Trua;.ado 900
btaav Union 44'J — . :,;;. '■'. ■;.;;
BTBKKT KAIIROAD STOCKS.
California... 107 110 unit sLAiiay _ lUI
Grary at 8H^ a 60 Presidio — 6
U.*ritel-*t.... »4' 3 44% t 'i>
•-•• • •- »iwki.
Atlantic n... 16 17 lOtantCoa.... ?IS/h S2y 8
Calltorma.... — 110 - 1V1g0nu...... 40c 80c
Ka>t«rnl>.._ 80 90 A . .
uim;ki.i.»vk(>'"i r-n-i^i
Aiaakarkrv - 10.<i/i|Xat VinOo.. - 7i^
uer Lead Co. 100 126 ! iceanlcSSCO 22 "">
UawCJtrsco.. 16 16*4 fac Aux F A !»a 3
ili>r.,i -6Vs s I'acßoraxOo. i>b —
iiaiKxAasn- 9J — ir'jtrf PalntUu ii, 7
BALKS— MOBNINU -■< ■-..->.-. 1 . .
Hoard— , ■".■>;■.
50 Huichlnson B P Co, s 90.. 21 7">
f .'2,000 Marker -st By Con 55: Bonds 106 «7i£
86 oF (<u «t Electric Co 96 l'2Vs
60 do 00 „■ 96 00
V»r^«-i_: '-"'■.■. V '
50 Bank of California 239 60
BALKS — APTJCBNOOX bK»3IO-V.
Board — : • ' ;, :■■ m:- v .
25 Hawaiian Commercial.^ ; 16 00
17 Market-st Kauwav ..:;.. ........ 44 60
'40 s>F o»s & K.ectrlc C 0. .............. 85 75
S'J S V Water. . »9 00
5 do ao ' 98 87V&
• Mr. • — ' ' "
$2000 Market-st Hv Con 6% Bond" .... 105 37 Va
$50lH)fc>F&N P Railway Bonds ....... 101 75
■ • — ♦ — •
At the . Menagerie. — First Street Arab —
"I beard tell that camels often has to go a
week in the desert without a drink."
Second Street Arab — "No wonder they
get their backs up.
HOTEL AERIVALS.
PALACE JIOTEK
J H Caryl 4 w,N V J Fonnell, Tebama
L H Howe, H V C F Baker, Canada
B L te>mi'h, Portland Sirs C F Baker. «. anada
W O icholas, Yolo C;s Hibbard, VS N
J P Whitney, Boston lurs Whitney, Boston
Miis Whttnev, Boston X Youiik, .n V
Mrs Young, N V Miss Young. I* V
h H Warner, N V J C Kdwards. BrooKlyn
H <J C Thornton. N V W L Courneau. Par.s
li W Marshall, N V ,1 McFa:den. Santa Ana
II Viies, Madison J H Cunrad. Chicsgo
g N Rucker. Sari Jose ->irs Jll Conrad Chicago
Drury Melone, Cal A ii Blanchard. N V
Al> Graham. St Mary T R (,abel, Los Anceles
L B Sanders, St Joseph P Ahlefeld. Cleveland
J Farist, Bridgeport Mica X FariSi.Bridneport
Mrj J B Winston, Conn Mrs L B aanders, Ohio
GRAND HOTEL.
\V B Ambrose, Lorupoc Miss Ambrose, Lompoc
M s>iit!iis)iun, Anderson (i W Sovereign, Oroville
(i II Blxov, !.o» Ang B W Lewis, Stockton
T Clark. Placervllie J X Webb, s>t Louis
T Morgan, X Bloom field Mrs X i arker, Montana
J Mulcaby, California s» Nathan, Sacto
Blt Flint, Sacramento J M White, Stanford
M. sibley, Stanford D. J Gran, Nevada
>' J Miller, an Diego M Walst-r. Fresno
II Forchiana, Los lianos 11 R stohl. Sacramento
J Ilorton. Uvermore II swift Jt w, Red i luff
Mis F Bartle t. Livermr .1 L Thorp, ban Qnentln
\V 0 Buss-11, Mhrtford Mis 3 Rubspll, Hartford
L Miller, Stockton X X Nelson & w. s.ocktn
L FMoulton, Coiu^a <; A Woods. Napa
R Q Woods. Kap» W s Davis, Santa Rosa
A Wier & Jni, i<f troit D W Burchard, San Jose
X J Warner, New York Miss i.augnliu. Cal
A i.n.i . .-. t- iiseiiiidii X >mitli. Wisconsin
Mrs J H Williams. Wls J J Welir'y. Mt View
\V X Gilb-rr, Los Ang X I) Lovejoy, Phlla
Mrs X Lt- flier. Mock on O V Bucker.dge, Dunsmr
Mr* a Bounheim, Sacto L L Mi-Coy, Red Blug
T D Carroll, Oakland T M Morgan, Portland
U W Wilson, Val.ejo
RUSS HOUSE.
J M Nelson <£ fm, Xv G 1" Lanke, Contra Costa
Don Mills, Santa Rosa C Jones, San Jose
A l-.vnns, Nev W W Gretr. bacto
W Clark. Omaha V X Kllert. Omaha
Ills* B X carter, Cat Mrs D Glbley, Los Ang
D O'lreasue, ban Dunas Mrs Livres, 1-reano
Mrs J X Oliver. Cal W Casey <£ w, San Lucas
H C Wallace, Portland KM swain, Santa Rosa
M Lester, Mason, Wls T l-'loviu* & wf, Port-
J Meyers, Stockton land
HI, Ogden, Duiiuigan G A Oglen, Woodland
Miss L Walters, or (i a Klmore. Mich
H Hardy. Hooker W .Richardson, Truclr.ee
Louis Dean, Keno J J Brown, Chicago
F 1* Sattt-rler & wf. Nev Mrs s A Cole, Healdsbrg
I) Knowles, Brooklyn i, Kldred, Brooklyn
L Rickabaugh. i al J Morriaey, Cal
Peter Su:uei, Haiiey .Miss II L Gray, Cal
A F Beiigon. Sacto A \V Keller, bacto
J Jloores, Ariz KB \\ lit la & wf. saclo
1" Koach, Valley Ford E A Davids, n, Uet.ota ,
J M Blgjer, Stockton D II Wnloushey, WatSJn-
I A lVacocK.ban itafuel vi If •— ' >>..
A J Smith, Astor a Ivan Tronssn, Astoria
Mrs ii c l-»-arsou, stoctn X B -auford. Forest City
Mrs C A Brown. Forest. C M Le^t-r. .Mason. W is
1) iiulloy, l.Hk.vit-w, or ji Stalling & wf, Cal
Miss M Salas i sis, Cal N McLean, Watsonvllle
J McDonald, Los Utuos C Watson. Berkeley
II Leavitt, Grass Valley F B Ellsworth, forest H
E T Mi Cl are. Modesto R 1' Unrlburt, Cal
M hiiehead, Los Ang J Cralnkshaw, .-unol
1' A .\e.Ms, Mies r.obt Mils, buuol
A R Acer, siunol M i' Charles,
J F Martin, sail Pedro JJ Brown, Chicago
M O Preston, st Louis
LiCK HOUSE
Geo E Kelly, Cal X G Hatton, s» n Mateo
Hy Pliilii]>s, s»u Jose D T Mitiliel). Newcast.e
L Hi rninn. -Nevada City 41 llyruaii. Nevada ci:y
J W Dougherty, Nevcny 11 P 1 ay lor, .-act o
A J ..i sbi'rough, Cal W J Mocklon, Los Banos
D v Bane, faiua Kosa J D Young Aw, Stookion
.Mrs X C lluttou. Mootry MissH H llatton.Montry
G s r.ioss, At water (ieo S Brand, racto
S Leask. .-uma < ruz G D McLt-an. Grass Val
J P .Moody, Truckee I I>annenbaum, Vullejo
J Hmisoii. Eu.-eka S M Buck, Eureka
J E Mills, Sacramento C Aicher, stocktou
A I evy, Pescadero X Caßper, ValKjo
A T Lowell. Boston W D Huston, Cnico
A Vler <fc fy, Detroit S C Daws-in, St Helena
I R Howard. Watson vllle A McMillan, Knoxvllle
Col J T ilarrington.Culusa
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL.
H R (Jriegs, Mendota Mrs J Barlow, Antioch
J Mile da, Chicato C P» ters, Santa Cruz
S Jones. Arcata . F James, salt Lake City
J > quires. Rivers de J Costello, Seattle
H J Hull -KKiir, Portland G Fairly, »*or land
J C barron & w, Chicago Mrs F J Folsom, Auburn
M Thompson, Anburn W Hufey, Colo
P Briskner. Roseburs S Hashuce, Rosobnrg
W J > tun, iv A w. sac o J F Dns^i, Sacramento.
Mrs M Rose, Angels Cp M Lloyd, Angels Camp
It Garcia, Oleni» J<s Brown, O ema
Jas Masterson, Oiema M Mackey, Chicago
Mrs J reters, Brooklyn Miss R Peters, Brooklyn
J Donovan, Seattle P J Arson, Spokane
SEW WESTKRX HOTEL.
C Richardson. Maine J A Laboi l . Cal
J A .-u.livaii. I-idiana J Stuart, Kokomo
E Marks, tar on H X Ma.t.n, Lus Oatos
J X smith, van Joss J \V Waternouse.LAngls
S L Young, Boston A Watson, St Paul
C liibuey, >t l'aul A tarlcy, Chicago
J X l>uick, Kureka H Marshal, Cleveland
t Wallace. Hum ).J( ox, i a'o Aiio
A J Vanemken.Courtlnd A J Store it w. 111
J H Cms tt <fe w, an Jose C W Wade, >ac
t( a Jo:ies, N V J \V Markley.ilili Valley
Z A Walters, Chicago
BALDWIN HOTKL.
M Simon, P acerville R S Kltch»ner. Oakland
It • Mil er, OuKland J Caino, Stockton
Miss ('unnnchan. stkn H I.cmmuiliul. Md
C M Hatciier. San Juse I) H Bryant, .-an Jose
a T Williams, San Jose J ilaict), San Jose
M W st:iar , at\z Mrs Howe, Oakland
Mrs I-"rue. S*n Jose s X Snauh. Keddlng
J Smith. l'.'tH'i.ma M Hilton. Chicai;o
W Jones, Chliago F Jennings, N
C Hill, > V Miss Waits, Suite
Old-Fashioned Knockers Again.
There ha^ been in recent years, along
with an increasing use of the colonial
style in architecture, a mild revival oi
the old-fashioned door-knocker. And
nowadays one may see occasionally a
knocker on the halldoor of an
apartment In an apartment-house in
this city. A visitor who steps out of an
elevator and proceeds along a hall to see,
when he Tenches the apartment he seeks, a
Knocker upon the door, may be a little sur
prised at it at first, but only for a moment;
for, despite its modern surroundings, the
door-knocker stands here, as it does every
where to one who has been accustomed to
seeing it, as the symbol of home.
In at least one instance the door-lcnocker
in use on the hall door of an apartment in
this city was brought from an ancestral
house in New England. In one apartment
house in New York door-knockers appear
upon the hall doors of five apart men tx.and
they are all of different styles. It has been
found that friends who come to doors that
have door- knockers upon them are likely to
knock, while straneers and those why
come on business errands are more likeio
to use the modern electric ball. — New York
bun.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
April, 1897.
6
Tu. W.iTto Fr.
1 2
6 7 8 9
13 14 | IS 18
20 j Ul 22 23
27 I '2H : 29 I 30
10
17
©.New ilo
AprH 1.
! 3 First Qnar
' \JJ April It)
11
12
*Q>, Full Moot
Vi? April 16.
I
1 18
I
19
A*
OtMfiAM STKAMKKS.
I>att>« of T>f parturo From Sun FrancUco.
KTKAIIKK IPB.STINATION-. |'
sails
I PIKR.
ssudoi Urars Harbor. !
Biat«otCal. 10.- ..i11J '
C'oo«Bar~.. Newport I
Tlllamooi.. Portland ;
Newport.... Panama '
Corona -»n l>l»co i
Kio Janeiro. China »t Japan ;
l'o:il. n» I tllimnoliltr>:i>
Umattlla.... Vie P«t Snd
Humbolitt.. Hamboldtßay .
Czarina COOS Hay '■
Korelc* i Newport '
Columbia... j Portland ,
Faralloa.... \ Yaaaln* ti». . |
Arcata ; i.xxvi Hay :
Santa Rosa . "an Dleeo
ABlancharn Or<>ann pores.. |
[Apr 7. 12M Pier i
Apr s.jtiAM Pier 'it
Apr 8. 8a m ci»r 1 1
Apr 8,12 m Pier 13
1 Apr lii.l-J m P M S3
I Apr JO.IIam: Pier 11
Apr 10. Imp M s s
Apr 10. '.rti •; L'ier 9
Apr 11. Pam : Pier 9
Apr 11, zrjti Pier 3
Apr 12. 12 * | Pier 8
Apr 13. Hah ! Pier v
Apr 18 Hum Pler24
, Apr 13 am . Pier i
Apr 13.1l>Ay Pier 1 1
I Apr li. : jam Pi^r 11
Apr I*. Bpii|t*iPr 1 «
STEAMEKS IO AKRIVJS.
.-TK.AMKK
I' ROlf
I>UK
City of Kveretu |
rmatllla.
Willamette ;
Loroni. j
Monnwal '
Florida !
Humboidt
Pomona. _ I
Columbia
Knrflca.. ;
Gaelic.
.Nonli horc- ...
Mlneola !
I'arallou j
Czarina '
Arcaia I
Hom't [
Qneen i
Alice Blancriard i
City PuebU.... :
i mcm. Our... :
City of Para...
Wellington. .. .
Coos Bar j
Australia i
Orizaba
Btat» of cat
I Ninaimo.
; Victoria ,fe Pujre: Sound
! Seattle
Han Diego
I Sydney —
! Departure Bay ".
Humboldt Bar ......
l U urn bold Bay...!""!!
Portland ." „ .. |
; N>wi>ori .I!"".".*".
China and Japan...!..
MiiTiiouiiU ha. ..
Tacoma .■ '..'.! !!!.!. I
i Vurjuilllt Bair.. I
Coo» Jiay
I Too* har
Coo» Bay
; Victoria A Puget Hound
i I'ortlHna
San Diego
CrwceDt City
Panama
; I nurture liar
j .Nerrnon
{ Honolulu
i Mexico
i >'orrian<>. .. .
..Apt 7
..Apr 7
..Apr x
. Apr 8
..Apr 8
..Apr «
..Apr 9
..Apr 9
j . Apr 10
..Apr 10
..Apr 10
..Apr 10
i ..Apr 10
I ..Apr 11
I ..Apr 11
..Apr 11
..Apr 11
..Apr M
..Apr la
..Apr 12
.Apr 19
..Apr la
..Apr la
..Apr 14,
..Apr 14
..Apr 14
..A or 15
M.S. MIION VM> HDI..
Lxrrro Ptatss Coast aVD RWB'TIO BtTßTrnr
T'MRS AiCB HKIORTS OF Hi OH AND LOW
waters at >okt Point. entbanck to
"an Francisco Bat. Published by Offi
cial authority of thk UUPKBINTKXOKNT.
Notf — The hlzh and low waters occur at, tie
City Front (Mlssios-streec Wharf) about twenty
five minu:es I»t«r than at Fort Point: the noUas
of tide is the same as both places.
A pill -189;. ' ~
Wednesday. April 7. I
snn rls°* bib Moot rise* I
88f1HU...... U.39M00H sets oO.(l>i^
[h W| I. \V\ H v> I I «
, I ;;. O . ! 4.0 «.4J*|— U.il 4.-81 STU M.VJU I.*
« 1! 60 1 4.4! 9.381 0.2 SI 3.2 9.J ' • 3.<
9! 346 4.2 10 40 0..H «.3O 36 10.55, 3.:
10 4.51 3.8 11.89 0.3 7.14 S.B
L W H W I. ri
11 0.10 1 ZS 6.03 3.H 12.39 0 4 7.ft3 4. .
12 1.15 2..S 7.05 3.8 i 1.88 0 5 K27 *.[
13 2.10 1.8 8.05! 4.0| -'.24 0.7 1 g.57| 4'
Kotk— ln the aoove exposiuon i» iv« mifi m-»
♦arly mornluc tides are given in the left hail
column, and the successive tides of tho day in the
order of occurrence a* to time. The second tlnn
column gives the-second tide of the day. lh« thirl
time column the third tide, nnd the lost or rlg;u
hand column gives the last tide of tho day. exc-p:
when there «re bat three tides, as Bometlm-M
•ccun. The helgbts given are adrtitiouj to tin
soundings on the United States • T««.«t hurvur
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) prece.l M vi*
height, and then the number Riven is subtracts*
from the depth given by i he rfiHrin,
AVXIVJE 1O MAKIMiK!).
A branch of the United .States Hvrtro?raphlc
Office located In th» Merchant*' Kxchanze Is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and free ol
expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
Office, where complete sets of charts and sailing
directions of the world are kept on hanJ or com
parison and reference, and the latest Information
cau always be obtained retarding light*, dangers
to navigation and all matters of Interest to ocaaa
commerce.
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill la hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and Is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian, by
telegraphic signal received each day from the
United States Naval Observatory at Mare Island
Cal.
▲ notice stating whether th« .Im 1 ) ball was
dropped on time, or giving the error, it any. Is
published the same day by the aftoroonn paper*
and by the morning papers the following d&r.
W. S. corks.
Lieutenant. V. S. S., la charge
The Time Hull.
Branch HTnuoaßAPnic Opfiob, V. S. N. 1
Mkrciiants' Exchanue V
San Kbascisco. April 6. 1897. )
The time ball on Telegraph Hi I. was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— l. c.. at noon or the l'JU;d
meridian, or exactly at S p. if., Greenwich time.
W. s. Hughes.
■' • Lieutenant I*. m. X.. In charge.
SHIPPING ISTKLLIIiE.NtE.
Arrived.
TUESDAY, April 6.
Btmr Coos Bay, Hail, 80 hours from New
port, < tc: pass ana mdse. to Goodall, Perkins <fe Co.
Schr Moro, Jorcensen. 50 noun from Coqutlie
River: coal »ud lumwr. to J ■» Kimbill.
stmr Washtenaw, Crossoup, tO hours from Ta
coma; 4800 to is coal, io e> 1* Co. OiiKiiiau direct-
Br ship Crown of Denmark, llilman, H4 days
from .Newcastle, NSW: 3043 tons coal, to J D
Spre< kels & Urns Co.
;-chr liel Zane, Peterson, 16 days from Ta
coru i: lumber, to Hanson <fc Co.
Schr Corinthian, Zaddart, '■ 0 hours from Bibl.
er< itnt : no c » wood, to Hender Bros.
Schr Lily, Bottger, 7 nays rrom tmpqua Kiver,
produce and lumber, to Gardiner Mill Co.
Cleared.
TUESDAY, April 6.
Stmr Pomona, Doran, Eureka; uoodaii, t'er^iui
d- Co.
-tmr Ktdiak. Johansen. Karluk: A lasts Pack
ers' Assn.
Bark Gen Fairchtld, Brannan, Nanaima: John
Rosenfeld's Sons.
Bark Tneobalu. Cameron, Cooks inlet; Clarita
Land and Imp Co
>chr Pearl, Kochler, L'nza: Alaska Commero.ai
Co.
Balled.
' TUESDAY, April 6.
Stmr Kadiak, Johansen, Karluk.
fctror Gipsy. Inland. s.ant» I rat
- Stmr Arcata. Cousins. Coos Bay.
Plmr Pomona, Doran. Kureka.
Stmr Scotia. Johnson. Albion River.
Sim Equator. «.erne. Ciilsntk Kav.
Stmi Walla Walla, Wallace. Victoria and Port
TowDsend.
s;inr iv 1 None. siocknVth, Grays Harbor.
stmr Homer, lessen. Coos Bay.
stmr City of I'uelua. A t-xauiler, San DlegO.
Schr Enterprise, lngwersen.
S-hr Pearl. Koch er, U-iisa.
Schr Arthur I, Krog. Wii.apa Harbor.
Schr Contiauza, Wilson.
Tele graphic.
TJINT i.^rtns. April 6-10 p. v— Weather
! haz/; wind NW: veiocu/ ill u>.i<m.
{.*. Charter*. 1
The Haw schr Honolulu loads poles at Brl ish I
Columbia for Santa Koiali.i. /
T.ie schr M»ry Uodee load? mdie for Ka'.iuHi". '
The Br uhln Anuie Thomas loads lumber i.; Uur
rar.i Inlet 'or Australia.
The Br ship Crown of England is chartered to
load new crop wheat.
Spoken^
Mar 4— Lat 31 S, lons 34 W. Dan ship Jupiter,
from Tacoma, for L •inlnn.
Mar 18— La.. 4 N. long 90 E, Br ship Fingal, im
Calcutta, for San Francisco.
Domestic Port*.
SEATTLE— BaiIed Apr 6— Stmr Dora, • for
Alaska.
RKDONDO- Arrived Apr 6— Stmr Protection,
from Fort Brag?
ASToIUA — Arrived Apr 6— Schr Edward Parke
hence Mar 24.
EVERKTT— SaiIed Apr 2— Schr American Girl,
for San Francisco.
TACOMA— Sailed Apr 2— Bktn Eureza. for San
Francisco. Apr fi— .--cur Vega, for ban Francisco.
SKATTLK- sailed Apr 3— brig Blakeler, for
codfisnln;.
EUREKA — Arrived Apr 6— Stmr Hniuboldt,
hence Apr 5.
TACOMA— Arrived Apr 6— Bark Tidal Wave,
from San Pedro.
• MENDOCINO— Arrived Apr 6— Stmr Pt Arena,
be. ice Apr £>.
CLTKKK a -Sailed Apr 6— Stmr National City
for San Francisco.
USAL- Arrived Apr 6— Stmr Newsboy, from
liar 'y <^r -ek.
ASTOitlA— Arrived Apr 6— Br stmr Amara
pooia. hence Apr 3.
GREENWOOD— Arrived Apr 6-Stmr Whites
boro, hence Apr 5.
TaTOOsH— Passed Apr 6— vor bark Prince
Robert, from V >kohamn, for Victoria; bark Wilna
hence Mar 25, for NHnaimo: No barK Alette, fm,
Panama, for Port Towns«*nd: Her bark ArJgowan,
Irora I'ucet Sound, for Valparaiso.
COOS BAY -Arrived Apr 6— stmr Farallon, fm
EureKa.
Sailed Apr 6— Stmr Farallon, for Yaqulna Bay
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Apr 6-sch.s Leltiti*
and Me cor, from Tacoma.
called Apr 6— stmr Pasadena, for Kureka.
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed Apr 6-ScdrNew
ar.<. for San i-'rauciaco.
FORT BRAGG— sailed Apr 6-Stmr Weeott, for
San Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES-Arrlved Apr 6-Sinjr
South Coast, from Newport.
GRAYS HARHOR— Apr«— Ara-o
hence Mar'l9: schrSeqjiola, trom San Diega
■ Sailed Apr 6 - Scur 1 /of^nder, for Nau:a ><oja!la;
schr San • UPnKventnra, for Redondo: schr Annie
Gee, for San Francisco.
Foreicn Ports.
COSlOX— Sailed Apr 2-Shlp C F Sargent, for \
Dutch Harbor. '
VANCOUVER— saiIed Apr 2— Brship Pass of i
Mcl fort, for Delngoa Hay. ■ '
KOBE— Arrived Apr 12— Schr Okanoran, from
Port Gamble.
BOMBAY — Arrived Apr 15— Br stmr Olga, hnce
Nov "JO.
HAKWlCK— Arrived Apr 3— Ger bark Schiller,
hence Oci 19.
KING ROAD— Arrived Apr 4— Br bark Albyn,
hence Nov 13.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Apr s— Br ship Pott
Caledonia, hence Dec 4.
SYDNEY— Arrived Apr 3— Br stmr Mlowera,
from Vancouver.
SWANSEA-Sailed Ajr 3-Ital ship Clamp*
for San Francisco.
SHIELDS— SaiIed Apr 3— Br ship Plnmore. for
San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed Apr 4— Br stmr VIc!o:l;»,
for Tacoma; stmr Cay. oi Peking, lor San Fran
cis CO.
3liiTein«nt* of Trnnu- Atlantic StAim«ri
NEW YORK-Arrivetl Apr b'-Stmr Frieslund,
from Antwcp.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived out Mar B-Stmr Veen
dam.
Import litioni.
NEWPORT— Per Coos Bay-27 bxs lemons, 223
; bxsoranses.
Kast San Pedro— lo cs canned fish, 2 bblsflsh,
160 his or* uses. .
San Pedro— lo bxs oranges. 2 sks ft. i urn.
Huensme — Ibx dry coods.
Ventu-a— lbx 1 bbl hardware, 4 bd ls pelts 23
bdls green hides, B^s»sUrld \ c acnes, 12 aKs d led
j prunes, 11 dried a|>ri-ots. 406 bxs ornnnes.
Carpinteria— l sic peas, I bx lemon*. Isk beans,
1 bx oranxeg.
Santa Bnroara— f>s bx: lemons, 1 bx butter, 10
bx* oranges. '. 6 sks crawfish. '
G.ivlotH- 77 sks wool. ■_• bdls pells, 4 bxs butter,
26 sis crawfish, i coop fowl.
Port Harford— 47 bxs i. utter 64 bdls green hides,
6 bdls pelts. » oxs fish. 49 cs ecus. 230 ska barley.
20 tuos butter. 1 bx lea.
Cayucos- 60 bales seaweed, 1 bdl dry skins, 2
bdU nldes, IS tubs 289 bxs butter, 12 cs cheese 2
c-ous fowl, . 9 (tressed calves-
San S meon-86 nibs 123 bxs butter, C cse«s,
15 sks beans. V 9 bales seaweed, 14 dressed calves.
1 coop chickens. ;-'.
ConBig;n«»»««.
Per -Coos Bay— Ross & Hewlett; Home snpplT
Assi: O B Smith & Co: Western Meat Co; Elliott
Broi; Marshall. Tegaart ACo ; Dairymen's Union ;
Norton THler A Co: Dod e. Sweeney <fc Co: Russ!
tarly & Co: J H Newbauer 4 Co: Getx Bros i Co-
Brlgham, HoppeA Co: lillmer. BredhofTot Sctml i« i
IC E Whltn^v ,v Co. Wheaton. Hrbon .too- F Ur'i I
!«ti o: H N Tilden «fe Co: Cha< Montgomery &i o- i
De H Kirchmanu <* Co- a »■■■„'. I
MTFreitasACo: Wei. man. Pec« & Co; Br.u-V /
(.rasihoff & co; American Union Fl h Co: PaetttA '
Coast Fish Co: Wolf & Son: Marshall & Reimer"
bisslnger & Co: standard Oil Co: Kowalskv A Co :
W C Price & Co: ba.sett * Bunker: Milan dtco-
Wltzel A Baker: ThosDenigan, Son & Co- A 'wV*..
Baker Hamilton-. M - Brandensiein &Co J H
Cain<tCo: McDonough&Kunyon: Daiton Km*-
Grar <Jt Barbierl; Tlllmann Bendel- s L- V v- li
Jfni *-S";. J a , vancovlcn <£ S il Frank £*Co;
DBiaeiACo: L Scaten.i A Co. Garcia A Maeclrii'-
J X Armsby & Co; Washburn-Moen &£ Co?h v
Saltier & Co. * •BOREIN PACKS UP
AND DISAPPEARS
His Wife Wants a Living
Until the Divorce Case
Can Be Heard.
Before Leav'ng He Mortgaged
the Horn? and Took the
Proceeds.
His Stfpfather Will Prob by Adjust
the Fimncal Matters to Suit
All Parties.
Oakland Office Sax Francisco Call,)
90S Broadway, April. 6. )
P. E. Borem, the well-known politician.
who was recently sued for divorce by his
wife, has packed his trunk and disap
peared, and the wife is not able to procure
any alimony. He went just after obtain
in-; a mortgage on their home at Eleventh
and Alice streets.
The Boreins have been married many
years and have a grown-un family. Many
years aj*o Borein was a county official and
served several terms. For many years
PETER BOREIN, Whose Wife Wants Alimony But Cannot
Find Him.
they have lived at Eleventh and Alice
streets, and t!;eir family relations have
Leen [ eculiarly free from discord. Re
cently, however, according to the com
plain*, fil-cl by Mrs. Borein, her husband
has been practicing numerous bad habits,
not the letst of which is indulging a taste
for liquor and neglecting his home.
A few days ago Mrs. Borein applied to
the court for temporary alimony. A
notice of the motion was served on Borein
and was to hava been heard this morning,
bnt Borein cannot be found. It was
stated that he had crossed the State line,
had taken bis trunk with him and that be
would probably not return, either to listen
to the alimony proceedings or to fight the
divorce case. Before going out of the
State Mr. Borein secured a niortcage upon
the homestead. His stepfather when he
heard of the difficulty offered to release
the mortgage ne held on tha property
provided they would get a loin upon it
for fifjOO. They were to pay $500 to a
party in this city and send him the bal
ance to hold for their joint benefit. !
Bore:n negotiated the loan, paid the $500 !
and sent $1750 to the feteifather. 'i'ne :
balance he Kept for himself. wi:h the ex- j
ceptionofa paltry $125, whicn. he gener
oasly sent to his wife.
After the divorce was filed Borein !
offered to quit all bis bad habits and i
square up aii hi« debts if his wife would 1
consent to the mortgage on the home- j
stead. She consented and the money was
raised. But she benefited very little. The
parties have been married twenty-two !
years, and it was a great surprise to local
society when the secrets of the Borein
home were made public in the complaint
for divorce.
The attorneys believe that he paid all
his debts, squared up his business and left
for Illinois, where his stepfather lives.
Nothing has been -een or heard of him
for a week. Mrs. Borein never spoke to
him after the suit was filed and was very
much surprised at his abrupt departure.
Her stepfather always seemed deeply in- j
wrested in her weitare and in all of his I
letters he planned for her individual good. I
If Borein has gone to his stepfather he |
will get no more than his share of the j
money rajsed on the homestead unless
Mrs. Borein has been very much deceived
in his character, and thi9 she declares she
has not.
The divorce will be prosecuted and the
money will be declared community prop
erty, and by this moans Mrs. Borein hopes
to obtain her lejjal share.
Council Down to Business.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 6.— The City
Council has removed C. B. Rutherford
from the position of City Whnrlin er and
has given his position to P. L. White of
Ktst Oakland.
President Pringle has announced the
following standing committees to seive
till April 1, 189;?:
Ordinance and Judiciary— Rowe, Cuvellier,
BroMiiihan, Upton, Heitmanti.
Auditing and >inancc— Upton, lleltmsnn,
Girard, lione, Fibu^li.
Street— Cuvellier. Heltmann, Henneberrv,
Rowe. Ear .
_ I'r.n ing -Earl, Watklnson, Brosnahau,
Fibush, Heniiebirrr.
Municiral License— Brosnahan, Cuvellier,
Henaeberry, Rowe, Upton.
Street Lighting— Girard, Earl. Watklnson,
Brosiialian, Fibusli.
Wbarvet and Water Front— Watkinson, Gi
rard. Upton, Henneberry, Fibush.
Public liaprovt.-rr.cut— Heltmann, Watkin
son, Girard, r.rosiißhan, Cuvellier, Upton.
Fire aud Water— Hennebetry, liowe. Earl'
Cuvellier, Upton.
Street Railroad— Fibush, Watkinson, Earl
Girard, Heltmann.
Teachers to UUcuHt Pcnti< na.
OAKLAND. Cal., April 6.— Next Satur
day the Aiameda County Teachers' Mu
tual Benetit Association will hold a meet
in? at tli*" High School.
Principal P. M. Fisher of the Central
Grammar School has sent out notices and
has invited every teacher in tlie county to
be present. The signingof the retirement
fund bill by the Governor will be the sub
ject under consideration.
'iln- County Tender Control*.
OAKLAND, Cal., Auril 6.— The weighty
matter as to who shall have control of the
Webster-street <irawbridse has been set
tled by the District Attorney. On the
bridge are two tenders, one appointed t>y
the railroad company, the other by the
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
Superviaors. They are always quarreling
as 10 who is Doss, and to-day the District
Attorney rendered an opinion that the
county's appointee has full control of the
bridge on behalf of the county and that
the railroad man is hi-> inferior.
M i\ ■•rally KcCOUnt.
OAKLAND, Cal., April G.—Th° contest
over tbe mayoralty, mstituted by John L.
Davie ugamst Mayor Thomas, commenced
this morning in Judge Hall's court. The
usual preliminary skirmishes were in
auiiied in, and this aiiernoon the actual
recount commenced. A lew ballots in the
First Ward Mere challenged and passed
upon, urnl in ih 3 First Precinct Thomas
lost one vote while Davie remained sta
tionary. One by one tho precincts were
taken up, but no great gains or losses to
either man were discovered. Some ol the
ballots showed that ihe voters in a few
instances wereeither very funny or very
ignorant. One man in particular ima
placed a cros^ against every name on tbe
ballot, while another voter nad cast a
choice for five mayors.
The First Ward showed a difference of
12 from the ofticiel count in favor of Davie.
Ther. are, however. 9 disputed ballots yet
to be considere ■ '.. In the First IJ.-ecii>ctl J .-ecii>ct of
the Second Ward there was one change.
The recount will u'O on to-morrow.
Died of Natural tauiei.
OAKLAND. Cal.. April 6— An inquest
was held 10-night on the body of the in
laiu child o. P. P. Fluno of 1319 Grove
street. Piano is a Christian scientist
doctor, an I when the infant, which was
only a few days old, was taken sick he did
not call in a regular physician. The ver
dict was to the effect that the child bad
died of natural causes.
Salva 1 on Army Officer Injured.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aprii 6. — Lieutenant-
Col nel Keppel o! the Salvation Army
was seriously injured to-night while going
i home. He was in his buggy, when the
j animal shied and threw him out. The
j horse kicked him heavi y on the head.
Be was carried to iiis home on East Nine
! teenth street and Seventh avenue and is
! resting easily, although not yet out of
! danger. Tne horse is a quiet animal and
it is suppose I that His iright was caused
by an electric-car.
Garrlty Drawn Out.
OAKLAND, (al, April G. — When
the election conust brought by Thomas
|F. Garrity to oust City Attorney
j Dow was called in Judge EiJsworth's
j court ihis morninc, Attorney de Golia, on
behalf of Mr. Garrity, sprung a surprise
j by asking that it be dismissed.
"It is so ordered." said Judge Hall, to
I whose court it had been transferred.
Mr. Garrity said that he has found UDon
furt:.er investigation there was little hope
of ci.anging the result, and he could see
do sense in putting niniself and Mr. Dow
to useless expense.
To Speak on Food.
OAKLAND, Cal., Arril 6. — To-morrow
tvening Miss Grace Morey will lecture at
the New Manse, 1773 Eighth street. Her
subject will De, 'The Best Food for the
Least Money." The lecture committee of
the Manse considers itself particularly
favored in securing Miss Morey for this
occasion.
Postofficß Receipt* Increase.
OAKLAND, Cat... April 6 —The receipts
of the local postofhee, wticb have been
gradually increasing, now show that the
total for the year ending March 31 was
over 1101.000. This is nearly $2000 greater
than for any other previous year.
TEACHERS NOT OFFICERS.
The Berkeley Board of Education De
* i cl<le« That They Are Not
Such.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 6.— For a
short period of time last night the official
head of every lady teacher in the town of
Berkeley was in danger of being loppd off.
All of this trouble nrose over what the
Board of Education thought was a start
ling discovery that they had made. But
as matters had finally turned out the
teachers were safe, but in the strict inter
pretation of the law they are not oflicers
of the town. accorJing to the o pinion oi
the board.
The discovery which threatened to dis
close a marvelously complicated state of
affair.* aro-e in connection with the ap
pointment of Oscar G. Darwin as deputy
Census Marshal. Director Engebretaen
declared that the board had no power
under the new charter to appoint any one
to office who had not been a resident of
th« town lor four years. <
President Boon© quoted the chaater to
the effect that all holders of offices, either
appointive or elective, must be qualified
electors and must have settled in the
town at least three yoars.
'If that is the case how about school
teachers? ' said Professor Wick-on.
Teachers are not qualified electors. After
a period of discussion and the technicali
ties ol the law it was decided that the po
sitions are not offices within the meaning
of the charter, jjy declaring them not
officers tranquilly on the troubled waters
was restore-!.
"''an for Berkeley.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 6.-A1 Lean,
the wel. -Known atli.ete, who lias Deen
training lhe Berkeley sprinters and
weight men lor the intercollegiate field
contest with Stanford, has definitely
signed with the Stato University as an all
round athletic trainer.
• — ♦ — •— .
That Kel M y Menag,,
ALAMEDA, Cal., April 6.— The state
ment was published in the city papers
that tLe message from Mayor Pheian o:
San Francisco that was carried by the re
lay riders on their trip ] a -t Sunday was
delivered to President Forderer of the
Board of City Trustees. Mr. Forderer
says this is not so, and that all lie knows
about any such message is what he has
seen in the papers. The qu stion now is,
Wi.at has become of the m ssage?
TO tt'RE A COLD l.v ONK DAY.
Take latutlreßromo Quinine Tablets. All drug
gists iciuuU Uie money v 1 1 ;<t;is 10 cure. *Ji»c,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 7, 1897.
A COLORED MAN
REFUSED RIGHTS
Entered a Barber's Shop
and Left Without
a Shave.
Will Bring a Suit for Civil
Damages and Test the
• Bill Just Passed.
— — — — — —
William Pott's Friends Subscribed a
Purse and Will Carry the Test
Case to the Supreme Court. '
Oakland Office San Fbancifco Call,)
908 Broadway, April 6. )
An incident of interest to the whole
State transpired recently which will cause
a test of the constitutionality of the race
bill passed by the iast Legislature.
William Pctt, a colored man, living in
this city, went into a barber-shop for the
purpose of being shaved. The establish
ment is conducted by white barbers and
patronized exclusively by that race. Pott
waa looked upon as a curiosity, and afier
he took off his coat and collar he walked
toward one of the chairs and was per
mitted to seat himself. As soon as he
said that lie wanted a shave he was in
formed that he could not be accommo
dated, l'oit had anticipated tnis, and he
informed the proprietor that under the
new civil rights bill he would have an ac
tion for damages. But the barber said he
would take chances, and declined the
work.
After leaving the barbsr - shop Pott
hunted up an attorney and expressed his
intention of at once commencing an
action for damages. As the bill had not
been sent out in the statutes for 1897 ap
plication was made to Sacramento for a
certified copy. It arrived this morning
from Secretary of State Brown and con
tains the following paragraph:
That all citizens within the jurisdiction of
this State shall be entitled to the full and
equal accommodations, advantages, facilities
ami privileges of Inns, restaurants, hotels,
eating - houses, barber - shops, bathhouses,
theaters, skating rinks, and all other places of
public accommodation or amusement, subject
only to the conditions and limitations estab
lished by law and applicable alike* to all citi
zens.
Suit will be commenced at once and
both colored and white people ah over the
State will be ereatly interested in the re
sult. Pott's friends in this city have de
cided to put up a purse and carry the case
to the Supreme Court if they are defeated
in the lower tribunal.
White proprietors of places mentioned in
the act are also interested in the result, for
they declare that it will be impossible to
enfore the law, even if it be held to be
valid. On former occasions some trouble
has resulted when while folks have been
expected to sit at table with colored peo
ple, and Cue hotel proprietors are anxious
to beat the law.
Muny attorneys have expressed opinions
on the matter. T. F. Garrity will fight
the rase on beha!f of the colored Emits.
On the other hand ex-Judge Nusbaumer
says he believes the bill to be unconstitu
tional as regards barber-shops. He say?
he does not see how one man can compel
another to render personal service against
his will.
In tne Judicial Committee of the House
and Senate this question was thoroughly
discussed before the bill was recommended
lor passage, and it was decided by both
those bo.iies that the bill would "stand.
The outcome, therefore, would be of equal
interest to attorneys and others.
EXPECTORATED IN A CAR.
W. B. Bradbury, Capitalist and
Millionaire, tbe Of
fender.
Against the Warnings of the Con
ductor He P.rsisted in Violat
ing tbe Ordinance.
W. B. Bradbury, the well-known capi
talist and millionaire living at KSOO Van
Ntss avenue, has the honor of being the
first victim of the ordinance recently
passed by the Board of Supervisors mak
ine it a misdemeanor for any one to ex
pectorate on the floors of streetcars and
public buildings or on the sidewalks.
The alleged offense was committed on
the evening of March 26, in csr 50G of the
Sacramento-street line, of which H. J.
Huth, who is the complaining witness,
was the conductor.
According to the conductor's statement
the car left the ferry on March 20 at 7:27
p. m. Between Drumm and Davis streets
Huth observed Bradbury expectorating on
the floor of the car, and he politely drew
his attention to the notice posted up in
the car, and requested him not to use the
floor as a cuspidor.
"How dare you speak to mcl" said
Bradbury. "I'll spit just where i have a
mind to."
Huth went out to the dummy to collect
some fares and told tiie ennman what
Bradbury had done, and as he again en
tered the car Bradbury expectorated on
the lloor.
Huth again remonstrated with him, and
Bradbury said: "1 don't care what you
say. 1 have raid ruy fare, and you can
teii E P. Vining that I'll bpit on the floor
of ti is cars when I wish to.''
"How would you leel if I were to spit
on your carpet?' asked Huth.
"This isn't a carpet," replied Bradbury.
•'No," retorted Huth, "but 1 have to keep
it clean, and I don't want you to spit ou
it."
Bradbury asked for the conductor's
name and told him be would make it hot
for him. He tantal:z n d the conductor by
continuing to expectorate on the floor,
and when he left the cnrat Van Ness ave
nue he expectorated on the platform b>
fore stepping off.
Hulh dent in a report of the case to the
superintendent, detailing the facts as re
lated, and Attorney Kelly was instructed
to take action against me cupitalist.
Yesterday morning Conductor Huth
appeared befoe Judge Low, accompar.i«d
by Attorney Kelly, and swore 10 the com
plaint charging Bradbury with violating
the ordinance, and a warrant was issued
for his arrest.
There were three Indies in the rar at the
time, and one of them, Mr*. Jenkins, 2100
Mason street, told the conductor that she
would willingly appear as a witness.
Bradbury had not been arrested up 10 a
late hour ias: night. He was seen at bii
residence, and when told that the warrant
was out for bis arrest for expectorating in
a cable-car he was very much gnrprlsed.
"I have no recollections oi the matter,"
said he. "I am in the habit of always
chewing a wooden toothpick and uncon
sciously expectorate while doing so, and it
is possiple I may have done so in the car."
When told of the alleged conversation
between him and the conductor he said:
"They are all false. Nothing of the
kind ever took place between me and any
conductor, and I don't think I could have
been in the car on the night in question.
"I go to rieasanton every JMondav to
look after some horses I have there and
return the following night. These are the
only occasions lam out at night. I will
have to think whether I could have been
there that night or not. At present I am
inclined to believe that the conductor is
mistaken.
"1 did not know that such an ordinance
was in existence and I think it is ridicu
lous. My attorney will defend me, ana I
think I will test the constitutionality of
the ordinance. I will surrender myself to
morrow morning now thfct l know tne
warrant is out for my arrest, and then I
will see my attorney,"
Died by Folion,
Katherine Spear, who was taken to the City
and County Hospital a day or two ago with
symptoms of poisoning, died last Monday
nigtit. An autopsy held yesterday deter
mined that death was caused by poiso n. The
deceased was a domestic employed at 29/
M(*9 street ar.d had been separa-.ed from her
husband f»r some time. She was a native of
Ireland, 51 years old.
The liritlth California!!.
The British Californlan Is the name of a new
monthly newspaper, issued for the first time
yesterday, with Charles B. Sedgwick as editor.
One ot the chiei purposes of the pap'-r is to
urge the naturalization of all British residents
TOHN AYLWARD Teilino; the Court How He Parted With His
Water P.'ant.
oJ California. It i 9 neatly printed, and con
tains considt-roble news abuut English and
Scottish societies.
ARRANGING THE CARNIVAL
A Word Conteat and a Football Game
Will Be Some of the Fea
tures.
At the meeting of the executive com
mittee of the carnival last evening Di
rector-General Bergerot presented a new
programme which snows a large number
of additional features. O:i Monday even
ing, May 3, it is proposed to have a grand
illuminated concert at the Mechanics'
Pavilion, when the prize for the word
contest will be awarded to the children ol
the public schools.
Tuesday's programme remains un
changed. On Wednesday a campfire by
the combined Grand Army posts has been
fixed for the evening. On Thursday night
it is proposed to hold a prize drill between
the juvenile military organizations of this
City. The grotesque football pame has
been dropped from the programme for
Friday and the linni baseball game be
tween Berkeley and Stanford has been
substituted.
Saturday's programme has not been
compictett, but a division of commercial
travelers is arranging for a Mardl Gras
parade to precede the grand ball in the
evening.
Professor Emory E. Smith, carnival
floral director, announced to the commit
tee tbnt the floral parade would be divided
into about fifteen divisions, and he sug
gested a number of beautiful designs for
float*.
There will be a number of striking mili
tary features, such as an artillery com
pany in Mowers, man-of-war in flowers,
decorated carriages, buggies, bicycles and
vehicles of all descriptions.
A communication was received from
Lo< Angeles announcing that the Mayor
and ttiree members of the City Council
were coming to San Francisco during t.'ie
carnival and that they would bring w<th
them two of the handsomest floats of the
p:irade durine the LO3 Angeles iiesta.
A delegation from the Butchers' Hoard
of Trade caile 1 to di«cuss the proposition
of holding their annual celebration on
Wednesday, Muy 5. Carnival Director
Bergerot promised them the entire day.
Alf E.lint»hou>-e has been given charge
of the amusement arrange nients for
Native Sons' day at the Mechanic's
Pavilion, and is devising many novelties
in the way of tableaux, etc., which will
prove very attractive. Mr. Eilinghouse
has had many years of experience as an
amusement manager.
Kmporium Merchants Confer.
The merchants who are associated together
and doing business in the Emporium held a
meeting last ni^ht for the purpose of discuss
ing mailers in tended for the general good of all.
The reports submit;.' t showed that business
wa^ picking up surprisingly. The trend of
the discussion, however, was regarding a more
bold and elaboraie system of advertising. Tne
tenor of trie nrjruments advanced whs that
much more could he accomplished by giving
the people more explicit imorniation regard
ing prices and the quality of goods to be
found at this department house. No definite
aci'on was taken, but the understanding was
that at the m-xt meeting a more extensive
plan of publicity and promotion would be
presented for consideration.
Sportsmen Will Picnic
The Sportsmen's I'rntective Association met
last evening in K. of K. B. Hal), and the orly
business of Importance transneted was in re
lation to ihc association picnic, which will be
held on June 27, at SchuetZijn Park, San Ra
fael. Several handfume pr z s will b*. given
for athleilc coa.es Is, and the winners oi gate
tickets will alto receive handsome prises
Committees will oe appointed at the uext
meetttif.
FARMER AYLWARD
TELLS HIS STORY
A Year Ago He Owned an
Old Water Plant, but
Now He Does Not.
How the Livermore Water and
Power Company Came to
Bs Organized.
W. J D.nge? Thought Livsrmore an
Ideal Place for a Safe In
vestment.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call )
108 Broadway, April 6. )
Johu Aylward, the Livermore farmer,
who owned n water works a year ago, has
almost finished telling the court how it
came about that he is no longer proprietor
of the plant at Livermore.
The suit on trial was brought by Ayl
ward against the Livermore Water and
Power Company to prevent an assessment
on his ptock and to compel the defendants
to fulfill their contract.
A year ago Jim Stanley, the Mission
San Jose politician, gave Mr. Aylward an
introduction to W. J. Dingee, and the
conversation turned upon the advisability
of making Mr. Aylward's water plant a
profitable concern. A little later, accord
ing to Aylward's story, Mr. Dingee's
man, Ed Vincent; \\\ F. Boardman, his
engineer, and Jim Stanley went to Liver
more and surveyed the property.
They were very favorably impressed
with it, and when they saw the tine aup
ply of water, the riparian rights of which
were owned by Aylward, they reported
very favorably to Dingee. One week later
Mr. Dingee made a trip to Liverraore to
see for hini'self what Ayiwaid possessed.
Aylward placed a line carriage at the
disposal of the party and drove them out
to tho Mocho Creek.* Mr. Dingee was
very favorably impressed with the out
look. According to the witness' story he
went into raptures over the prospectand
declared that sucn rirhti were worth $50,
--000. At that time Aylward was receiving
an income of $'225 a month from his prop
erty, and when tie was informed that by
the judicious outlay o? about $25,000 the
income could le increased to $1000 a
month, Aylward wanted to get in on the
ground floor. At that time his plant was
mortgaged to Mrs. Montgomery for $6000,
and there were no other incumbrances
upon it.
Tnere is another water plant owned by
Mr. Bernal, and at Mr. Dmgee'a sugges
tion Aylward furnished him (Dingee)
with the data of Mr. Bernal's plant and
income, as well as of his own. In the
course of their conversation Mr. Dingee
stated that if Aylward's plant would be
improved there would be no alternative
for Bernal but to quit.
Aylward admitted that he thought this
was a pretty good sch'me, and its there
were a few minutes to spare Mr. Aylward
drove his guests to the top of a neighbor
ing hill, where they all surveyed the town
while Mr, D ngee expressed his belief that
L vermore was one of tho most promising
fields for a water investment that could be
found.
Some time later Aylward, Dinge? nnd
others formed a company, in which Mr.
Dmge<* holds no stock anu of which Frank
J. Miflitt is president. Aylward declares
that his stock was not to be assessed, but
recently he was served witn a notice to
poy $10 a share, lie now Wants the court
to come to his relief and tho defendants
declare that they would be only too will
ing to allow Aylwnnl to take bock his
plant if he will pay ■ hem the money ihey
have expended upon it. In cross-exam
ination Aylward admitted that his plant
was pretty well worn and that he was
willing to have it improve.i anJ enlarged.
This morning the c.ise was continued
till Saturday.
LAUNDRY ORDINANCE.
Stringent Regulations Proposed for
Carrying on the Business — No More
Mouth Spraying.
ALAMEDA, Cal., April 6.— The new
laundry license ordnance introduced at
last night's meeting of the Board of
Trustees is very str;ngent in its provisions.
Rooms with cement floors and iron or
brick chimneys must be provided, with
separate and clean rooms fo- keeuinsr the
The Perfume of Violets
The purity of the lily, the glow of the rose,
and the flush of Hebe combine in Pozzoni'si
wondrous Powder.
1. , '
Auction Baies
CROCK! MD AGATEWARS.
THIS JJAY (Wednesday) AT 1 A. M ,
1022 HOWARD ST.. NR. SIXTH.
FRANK W. BUTTEKFIKI.I), Auctioneer.
602 Market street.
dried clothes, while fall the room- mu-t
have abundant light and ventilation. No
nerson is. allowed to sieep in any room -\\
a oublic launilry, nor to dampen clotlies
for ironing by any other means than by
machinery or by hand. M. P. U'igcin,
attorney for the launilrymen, asked th*t
the matter go over for one weeK in order
to allow the proposed ordinance to be in
quired into.
l.i'avpn for the Campaign.
ALAMEDA. Cal., April 6.— Aithouph
the municipal election is only rive days
off, no one would believe that a cami'ai<;i)
was in progress, so far us outward indica
tions are concerned. There is almost no
interest taken in any of the contents-
Some of the candidates have not even
gone to the e.xpenje of having the usual
campaign cards for circulation amon<;
their friends, and not a single meet ng has
been held or speech made except on tne
street corners in casual groups. There
are indications that the Anti-sa!oon
League is-quietly and effectively at work,
and will poll a bis; vote on the precinct
option question. The saloon men are do
ing practically nothing, whether from
fancied security in the result or careless
ness which way thn decision goes. At all
events the anti-saloon peop.e feel confi
dent that they will carry the greater por
tion of the thirteen precinct«of the city.
INTELLECT AND INSTINCT
David Starr Jordan L?cture:
Before ths Second Unita
rian C üb.
Heredity and tte Grand Part It
P:a7s in ins Lives of Men
and Otter Animals.
Materialism cropped out in big spots in
David Starr Jordan's lecture before the
Second Unitarian Club last night. Fol
lowing the discoveries and reasoning of
Darwin, Spencer and Huxley, tbis was
unavoidable, for they dealt with the pal
pable visible things of life and these
things are of matter.
Few men living can invest an old sub
ject with the interest of newness so well
as can Professor Jordan. While handling
his theme with the grace and ease of per
fect control, he finds time to interject at
delightful intervals flashes of dry humor.
These are indeed restiul oases in what, to
the masses, would appear a dry desert of
scientific talk.
He spoke of the nervous system of
plants and animalß. In the tree the root
tips and tips ot the branches are the sen
sitive portion, the one seeking instinct
ively for moiiture and the other lor sun
shine. The tree is not capable of locomo
tion, and has no need of a brain. Its
brain is its root tips and tips of its
branches. This sense or instinct is of the
same nature as mind. But if the tree
could move from one place to anotherand
had to move, it would be necessary for i;s
roots and tips to report to a central office,
as the various senses report to the brain
of the animal.
The actions of tho lowor animals are re
flex or automatic. Their lives depend
upon those actions, for ii those automatic
mo7ements were not as regular and as cer
tain as clockwork the animais would aie.
"Step on a cat's tail, and you know what
the automatic response will be," said the
professor. He spoke of the horse auto
matically paw;ng the sand of the desert for
water, and of a ruockin -bird going into
spasms at the sij;ht of an owl, although
the bird may never have seen an owl be
fore. It is the hereditary dread of the
enemy of its race that seizes the bird. Our
horror of snakes goe? bucK to our ances
tors, who had to light them. The monkey
that is not alraid of snakes will be bitten
by them and will die.
It was said, remarked the professor, that
the Ego plays upon the brain as a human
being plays upon a piano, but he did not
think bo. Tiie Ego is not a separate in
dividual thing. It is a co-ordination of
all. Man's consciousness is the sum of
all the nerve forces. Every individual has
something of the chnracter of his father,
his mother, his grandfather and hisgrand
mother. This due to heredity. But there
is what is called the higher heredity, and
that is what a man makes out of himself.
Each man with the material which he has
can build a temple or a pigpen.
Reflex action or instinct rises by de
crees into intellect. Intellect has a choice
of responses; instinct has no choice.
The speaker toid about a baby monkey
which, although it had never seen an egg,
cracked a hole in the end of one by ;ap
ping the egg against its teeth and sucked
the contents. This monkey belonged to a
tree-climbing race and its ancestor robbed
birds' nest*. Another monkey of a race
which did not go egg-huntingused an eu'g
as if it were a nut and let the yelk escape.
Sensation goes into thought, and
thought into action. To remain abso
lutely impassive in the presence of an
idea is a difficult thing.
Tho prot>s«or clo-ed with a side wipe at
- - HEW TO- DAT."
irflulfEEYlAf
THE METHOD OF A GREAT TREATMENT
for . umiaa of mi
WHICH (TRED ill 31 AFTER EVERY-
THING ELSE FAILED.
Painful diseases are bad enough, but when a
man Is slowly wasting away with nervous
weakness the mental forebodings are ten
times worse than the most severe pain. There
is no let up to the mental suffering day or
night. Sleep is almost impossible, and under
such a strain men are (scarcely responsible for
what they do. For years the writer rolled and
tossed on the troubled sen of sexual weakness
until it was a question whether he had not
better take a dose of poison and thus end all
his throubles. But providential inspiration
came to his aid in the shape of a combination
of medicines that not only completely restored
the general health, but enlarged "his weak,
emaciated farts to natural size and vigor, and
i he now declares that any man who will take
the trouble to send his name and address may
i have the method of this wonderful treatment
free. Now, when I say free I mean absolutely
without cost, because I want every weakened
man to get the benefit of my experience.
lam not a philanthropist, nor do I pose as
an enthusiast, bin there are thousands of men
Buffering the mental tortures of weakened
manhood who would be cured at enca could
they but get such a remedy as the one thai
cured me. Do not try to study out how I can
afford to pay the few postnge-stamps necessary
to mail the information, but fend for it and
learn that there are a few things on ear
that, although they cost nothing to eot, are
worth a fortune to some men and mean a life-
time of. happiness to most o: us. Write to
Thomas Bister, box 2283, Kaiamaxoo. Mich.,
and the information will be mailed in a plain
sealed envelope. -
IjfSiß MANHOOD RESI9REOSS;
17 *<*? Sr mW -S? d *'<>" ° a famous French physician, will quickly cure you of all ner^
VV\ s\)Mft ' \T vous or diseases of the generative organs, such as Lost Manhood
v i oAf Vi JaL Insomnia, Pains lathe Back, Seminal fimissions. Npr^ns DebUkv'
l^k V 'W^k WmplesTVnfllneSs to Marry, Exhausting Drains^ VartcWJe 11,, a
>C r V If COMtinatlon. nstopsainossosbydayornight^prev^nuqufck.
■ V-/ Xjs^/ ness of discharge, which if notched leads to Spermatorrhoea end
BEFORE «ND AFTER J'tha horrors of Impotency. ft PIDESE cleaasea theUver, "*
otrunL MDnritn kid;\«yßand the urinary onransof all impurities.
1 CCPI">I!JiE strengthens and restores small weak organs.
The reason sufferer-, are not cured by Doctors is because ninety per c«">t. are troubled wltfc
ProMtatltl*. CUPIDENE is th« only knoJfn remedy to cure without an operation. 5000 teßtimont
als. A written (junrantpo given and money returned if six boxes does not effect a permanent en»
§1.00 a box, six for by mall. Send for fuse circular and testimonials. *"*-«*»
Ad(Uea.i UAVOii ill.UlCl.Nii CO.. 1170 Market street. San Francisco, CaL ForsaleUr
" ■ ;- . . bHQQ&s ruAi;i< ac v, us/ i'owva sue*
L. 11. BIRD, ADCTIpEERi
YVAKISUOLSE, 811 LARKIN ST.
WILL SELL THUi-S AY, APRIL 8,
At 11 o'clock a. m. at above Storage
Wari-noua.',
27 LOTS, TO PAY STORAGE AND
ADVANCE CHARGES,
Including: 15 shmvets-s: larga lot of counters ant
Hie ving; 10 Bedroom -i-ts; JOOO yards Car-
ies: snewHewins Machines: 10 movps and
ran -es; 1 Law Library: 1 Medical Lii rary and
Surgical Instruments; a I >r_e qunntity ot
Crockery mid Cooking Utensils: i> I xtensiou
Tables; itOU vo. nines of .Books. dealers take
n..tic.-.
Also 1 Double Team and press Wagon: 1 Phae-
ton: 1 Single Hue y: 1 Driving Horse.
NoTK--Tbis warehouse will positively be close*
be. ore the 15th of this month and all goods will
be so d un ess claimed before (hat date. '
l- H. r.L'ltl). Auctioneer.
t!ieo«ophy. All mysterious things are
ci liter unknown or tinrr.nny am border
on insanity or mi:.. Oc?u!; pow»r ami
similar phenomena belong to this order.
raw jo-day:
~~R§ ioioi
JPW IWiJICIr'CV
•4j2^tr£)u^E%^ i '}*\ h ■ llllllVl I
llljlll In Wood
ggBiiiTi:^j?i Bottling.
my^gM F MHQTInI
jPWQpaiiFTOBS ptt|Jp ' Cl lllHlltlll
i^^ql^^P' jß^flffSJ^^Eaisii ' ex? *■ s C 3^ ■ *
|^^Jg« 411 Market St.
lBßS^^^*|j|Mjy{|P^3^ .San Francisco.
a J)r. Gibbon's Dispensary,
O2i)KKAtt.\r.ST. Established.
In 18?.4forthetreatnientof Private
DlseHses, Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearingon bodyandmlndand
Skin Diseases. Thedoctorcureswhen
( ntbersfail. Try him. Charges low.
. . «' ii ■-«■« cnaninirrd. Cull or write.
i>r. J. V. uIBBOSi. Box 1937. San Franclsca
OCEAN TRAVEL.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP CO.
STKAMERS LEAVE BROADWAY A*,
_ wharf, San Francisco, us follows: 'CißlEgfc
For torts in Alaska, April 1, 6. ii, 16, -1. -<>
and every litth day thereafter, at 9 A. m.
For Victoria and Vancouver ( B. C), Port Town-
■end, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes and
New Wi atcom (Bellineham Bay, Wash.). 9 a. it.
April 1,6, 11, lti, 'Jl,'~'6und every llfth day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C P. K.
X., at Tacorua with N. P. R. it., at Seattle with U.
N. Ky., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For Kurelca, Arca'.a and Fields Landing (Hum-
boldt Bar), Mr. I'oiuoap. 'i p. M., April 2. 6, 10. 14.
18, *22, '26, 30 and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, ban Simeon, Cayucot,
Port Harford (San l.vis Oblspo), Uaviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneine, san Pedro.' East .-v i
Pedro (Los Aneeles> and Newport, at 9 a. m.
April 4. 8. 12, 16. 20. -4. 28, and every lourtu
day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Hanorl
(Pan Luis Üblspo), >aina Barbara, Port Lot An-
feles. Kedondo (Los Angeles) and .Newport. 11
a.m. April 2, 6. 10, 14, 18, 22, 26, 30, and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, an Jose del Cabo. Mazatlan, L«
Paz and Guaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
A. m. 25th of each month.
'i he Company reserves the right to change with-
out, previous notice steamers, sailing dates and
hours of sailing. Ticket office— Palace Hotel, 4
New Montgomery street.
UOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen'l Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE O. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAN X>
From Spear-street Wharf, at 10 *. it. .
FA T?TT/* IS l''ir*t-claa« \ Including
+ \ J.tJ_J\SH Sec o«»d -class /berth <fc met']
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Columbia..., March 2*. April 3,13.23
State of California. .March 29. April 8. 18. t!S
Through tickets and through bajgaju to *v
Eastern points. Kates and folden upon applica-
tion to
I". F. CONNOR, General Agont.
630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS 4 CO.. superinl«-n<l<»T.«
fU ™ 2s-v m. ' Special party
IEDniL "on o l v I. l' oniv,
• Tuesday, April '.'(I, at
2 p. M. Special party
/■*» /I *\ rates.
SiWlTNlins) '"heS.S. MONO WAI
Q)IEdllDllllH g a ii s vla Honolulu
/nfnAn'flL L - and AUCKLAND for
VyilljJUltcp s V D N t Y. 1 hursday,
April 29, 2 p. m.
Line to COOLGARDIE, Aust.,aud CAPETOWN,
£ou th Africa.
J. D. SPBECKELS& BROS. CO., Agents,
114 Montgomery street.
Freight office, 827 Mark-t street, >nn Francisco.
COSPAGSIE GEIER.IL TR.WSATIAXTIIjUa
French Line to Havre.
npJIPASY'H PIKR(NKW),43 NORTH /MR.
\J Kiver, foot of Morton su Travelers by -^MOB^
this line avoid both transit by English railway ani
the discomfort of crossing the channel In a smalt
boat. .New York to Alexandria, Egypt, via Part*
first class $160. second class *116.
LA BKETAGNE April 10. lOA.st
LA NOKMAXDIE April 17, 10 a. s€.
LA CHAM • AIiNE April 84, lUa. it.
LA (SASCOOXK.. May 1. 10 a.m.
LA TOURAINE..... "»y 8, 10.A.1*.
t&~ For further particulars apply to
A. FOtIGET. Agent,
No. 3. Bowling Green. New Yortc.
X F. FUOAZI & CO., Agents. 6 Montgomery
avenue. Han Franc ___^
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St.,
At « V. M. Daily. i;r«iKlit received -up
to .»:3l> F. M.
g[3~ Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
•1 he only lin.- selling through tickets and giving
through freight rates to all points ou. Valla/
Kailroa^ STKAMERS:
T. C. Walker. ' J. D. Peter*.
Mary tJarratt, City of Stockton.
Telephone Main BCS. Cm. Nay. and lmpu O»
FOR U. S. OYV-YARO ASD VALLEJO.
hTKA3Ii:U "MONTICELLO,"
Mod., Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat
..9:45a. m. and 3:15 v. M (9 P. M. ex. Thurs.)
Fridays '. 1 p. M., 9 p.m.
Sundays 10:30 a. m. and 8 if. H.
Landing and ollici'3. Mission Dock, Pier 2.
■ Teltrpnone Ureen 38 L
FOR SASJOSE, I.OS GATOS& SASTACRUZ
QTKAMKB ALVISO LEAVES PIEK 1 DAILY
O (.Sundays pted) a l . 10 a. it Alvis!) daily
(Saturday except* d) at 7 F. M. Freight ana
Passenger. Fare between Saa Francisco an*
Alvlso, 5Uc; to San Jose, 75c. Clay gt., rier L
1:0 W. bauta Clara «U bail Josa.
1112
SITTING IN JUDGMENT.
ihe Grand Jury Hear* Two Cases and
Refuees to Indict in
Either.
Collie Baker, a younp man who was
charted before the Grand Jury with hav
ing assaulted Mina Munson, a young girl
13 years of age, was giv n a hearing by
the Grand Jury yesterday, and succeeded
in fully vindicating himself of that charge.
He established a complete alibi.
Giovanni A.lniag:a, editor of I.' ltalia,
was before the Grand Jury with tne pur
pose of naving Cesaro Crespi, editor of
L'Messenpero, indicted for libel. The
article was read before :>nd interpreted fur
the jury, which dec ded that it was not
libelous under ihe law. being a renublica
lion of an article for which he had been
proceeded against in the Police courts.
A committee of tue jury visited the City
and County Hospital yesterday rooming,
but no definite action was taKen. The
matter will be taken up and perhaps dis
posed of at the sitting of the jury on Fri
day.
BALDWIN SUED AGAIN.
1 xpert Mitchell Wants ray for Testify
ing iv the Lillian Ashley Case.
The ghost of Lillian Ashley's suit
against Millionaire E. J. Baldwin for tne
maintenance of her child bobbed up in the
Justice Court in an action brought by
George 0. Mitchell. The plaintiff was
the expert employed br Baldwin to
testify to certain letters believed to be in
the handwriting of Miss Ashley and
which would favor the defendant's side of
the controversy.
The hotel man agreed to pay $200, but
after the case was decided failed to liqui
date the bill and though followed per-
Bisteiitly by Mitchell still refuses to pay.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BCSINEsS OFTICE of tbeSan Francisco CAM/—
710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
n!pii! In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S37 Montgomery streeu
corner Clay : open until 9:30 o'clock.
Sfi9 Ha}-es street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
.616 I arkin street : open until f»;30 o'clock.
BW. rorn'r sixteenth and Mission streets; open
cntll 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
187 Ninth street; open until B:SO o'clock.
1505 Po!k street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets: open t !1 9 r.'ckck.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
90S* MISSION LODGE NO. 169, F. m
tt~& and A. M— Stated meeting THIS Mk
I WEDNESDAY) EVENING at 7:30^3?
o'clock. C. D. BUNKKit, secretary. /\r>
Ct^jrp MOUNT MORIAH LODGE NO. m
&-& 44. F. and A. M.— stated meeting #k
THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVENING at h iff V
o'clock. THKO. FP.OLICIf. Sea /^rV
f3> CROCKETT LODGK NO. 1£», F. A
*?*& and A. M.— Stated meeting THIS £\
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING. April 7. at^Z?
7:3o o'clock. li. FORT;. Sec. , /s^N
lt^=» THE QUARTERLY MELT-
wF-^ ing of servian-Monteneenn L. and fSfk
B. Society will be held THIS (WEDNES- '.TSI-_
HAY) EVENING. April 7. 1897. at 8 *«y?*i3
o'clock.-, at 10 California st. All oillcers BmiMPBbI '
and members a c enrnenly rcquesteii touTJSQhri |
attend. Finetitrnon-atteniar.ee will bo .JrjiSßiS!
strictly c forced. Vy order of kSSUmF
JOHN GLAVINOVICH, Pres. ™Bf
Spibo 8. Vucosavlikvicii, Secretary.
tt^T A O. U. DIVISION NO. a-THE^^if^
B>^s' regular monthly meeting ot this di-^T^ If
vlelon will be bed in Hirernla Hull on «£ Jl
WEDNESDAY EVENING, April 7, at 7g£\j!k
o'clock sharp. The attendance of every*s"TE£
member is r quested, as business of the utmost im-
portance .3 to be transacted. Candidates set-king
aimlsson will please be prompt in attendance.
'i be examining physician will be in attendance at
tt.e hall on that evening. Sojourning memb rs
are cordially invited to at. end. Reports from tho
ball committee will be submitted.
HAW LV LEE, President.
John Kenny, Secretary.
B^jK' MASTER MARINERS' BEN-t-^^
W^& evolent Association— Special meet- j\ i?~P*
Ing will be held at Hall. Alcazar building,!
THURSDAY, April 8. at 1 p. m.. lori'-^"^
the purpose of attending the funeral of our de-
ceased brother. A:.FK. J jHNSON. from I. O. O. i-".
11 all, Seventh and Market Ms. All members are
requested to b? present. By order ot the presi-
dent. L. TRAUNG. Recording Secretary.
TO THE OFFICERS ANDm.^
m+& members of Court Eclip«e No. 14— T^f
You are heieby notitlei to attend the VTA
funeral of our late brother, A UG. JO HA N- ML .\
KEt-SEN, from the parlors oi I. Llpmau <t Co.,
526 suiter St., on THURSDAY, April 8. at 2 r m.
By order A. J. ENRMaRK, Chief Rauger.
T. B. Goodwix, Financial Secretary.
tt^- THE lEGULAK MKRIIhO OFTHK
»>*' "an Francisco Bnck'ayers* Association will
be held a B'nai E'rlth Hal . 1.1 Eddy st., IlliS
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING, April 7, at 8 o'clock
Business 01 the gr.>aieit importance.
E. J. Bt-.ANIniN, Presiaent.
EPECIAI. NOTICES.
Qf3s» BAD TENANTS EJKCTKD FOR S4:
!»»*»' rolle< tons made: city or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 415 MontKy r\, room 6: tel. 6580.
SITUATIONS AVANTED-FE3IALE.
SUPERIOR FIKBT-CLASS AM ERICA I
Protestant cook, with best of references, de-
sire, .situation. Apply to J. F. CHOSE fX & CO.,
316 Sutler sU
pi KBJIAK LAUNDRESS. WITH FIRST-
VJ ciass references, wishes a situation in an
Amerlan family. Apply to J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 316 Sutler st.
4fir»t-clas;s second GIRLS, all with
splendid references, deslr* situations. App.y
to J. F. CKOs.-l T dc CO.. 316 Butter st.
UPERIOR ENGLISH COOK AND SECOND
Eirl desire situations: best references, country
MISS CoLLEX, 323 Sutler st.
T ADY WISHES SITUATION: WILL TAKE
-l-J care of invalid or do chamber work, keep
houtafor cni.'dreu: can do good common Ameri-
can cooking: would roik for a few boarders: will
feel interested In Ihe work and do the best 1 can.
MRS. M. A., 1125 McAllister st.
"(MIDDLE-AGED WOMaN WANTS SITUA-
i" 1 on to do cooking and general housework; no
objection to short distance in countr/. 139
Eleventh St.
—^^^^—— —^—~^——
T^EAT YOUNG GIRL WISHES A PLACE TO
Xi do housework in a small American family;
$15: reference. Call at 14 V* Mom st., down-
stalls.
•vrouNG Parisian lady iv reduced
X circumstances drsires a lucrative position as
housekeeper in hoi el. wlJower's or bachelor's
hoiie; will do pi in sewing. 1122 Mamet, mi. 31.
V" 1 KG \VOM\N.EXPKRIENCKD IN THE
X care of the sick; wouul like a position to travel
or take care of »n invalid: is highly respectable.
Call or address 119 sixth si.
\4 ASHI.Nn WANTED BY A COMPETENT
" woman; $1 aid carfare. Call 717 Tenaina st.
bet. Elshth and .Ninth, and inquire tor M. J. ; no
postals Hi were. l.
ERMAN GIRL WISHES SITUATION IN
VJ p Ivat» Jew.sh family; would do good cooking
tn 1 .l«ht housework. Cal. 438 Ivy aw., near cc-
taVia St. '
■uxpkrijsnckd HOU.SK KE!:PKK would
XJ iue a posit In widower's or bat helor's
hold: country preferred. Apply 88 Ninth st.
room 27; call after 1 i a.m.
MIDDLE-AGED DRESSMAKER. CUTTER
■LIM. and fitter wants position us t-eam«tr «s in ho-
tel or lo^Kinc-housc: husjaud room and board-
»lsor»2o. USSMlssioJi sU
I>KSPEeiABLE WOMAN WISHES WORK
Xt. by day or week: is a good cio». Apply 4.4
Clementina st., between Fntl| uiid Mxth.
U'AXTKD-WASHISO, IRONING. HOUSE-
»» cleaning: bi-st of reference. Address MRS.
M. E. J i-..\SEN, 8 -Minna »v, re ir.
/ omi'i 1 i-.:;t lady wi.-hes (situation
Wat housekeeper for parties while gone to the
countr.'. call a636Vj Sute.-st.
"\ OUNG WO AN WITH tir.Sf OF REFER-
X ences de«ire< sitaatiun in either store or fac-
tory. .Call 410 Tebama st.
EFINKD YOUNG I.ADY WOULD . LIKK A
place as 1 ursery Kovcrness; plain sewing.
Call or address &J.l Bush St., near I'owclL
GIRL, 15 1 KaRS, WISHES A SITUATION
10 do light housework and assist with children-
preferred 10 sleep at home. 355 Jessie st.
TRAINKD NURSK (CITY REFERENCES)
X would like care of Invalid: terms r«a«onab c.
Address F. N., tox UO. Call efflte,
COMPETENT GERMAN WuMAN WANTS
\J ,«I:uallon for K«-nerul hruseworic and sewing;
speak i French. 431 Finest.
/•■I E LARKI.N — BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
1)1 CAi-L. Subscriptions and want ads taken.
SITUATION WANTED BY 2 YOUNG GIRLS
jus: from Germany for houseworic. Please call
P27V» Filberts!.; no postals pleas*.
OMAN WAN ' « WO 11 K BY THE DAY
cleaning or \vrsl:rntr, iron.ng or nur Ing. Call
ex send postal 478 Douglas* st.
■\\T ANTED— PLAIN >Hi WING TO DO AT
VY home; reasonable, 11l I a Howard it., room 9.
SITUATIONS ■U - ANTED-Contlnn»>«l.
BY EXPERIENCED YOUNG LADY lOTA K'K
charge of a lodging-house; no trillers. 520 i
Bu*h sU, room 12.
yoUXG SCANDINAVIAN. GIRL. PLAIN
-L cook, desires position in a good private family.
338 Fremont iv.
GOOD GIRL WANTS A PI.AC •; T' » DO
housework: is a good cook; willing and oblig-
ing. Call at 318 Ivy >t.
GERMAN GIRL WISHKS SI I'U ATION V EC-
ond work and waiting. G. G., box 41, Call.
pOMPEIENT WOMAN Di«:SIRF.S HITCA-
V alion to do general housework. iO'2'2 Larkin.
I POSITION WANTED IN HM.GING-HOUSE
-os housekeeper. Address P. W.. box 111, Call.
D RES-MAKER. FIR^T-CL'ASS, SEWS FORSI
per da.'. 3941 Nineteenth st.
SITUATION AS COOK IN JEWISH FAMILY.
0 Apply 7-21 Bush s'.., reai.
\V ANTED- SITUATION BY AN EASTERN
TT widow, with a child 6 years old, as house- '
keeper or general housework: good plain cook: !
country preferred: good reference given. Address I
S. F.. box 75, call uflice.
pO\BKNESB WITH BEST REFERENCES
vT wishes siiua-.lon, cilv or country. MISS L. {
MaRI IN, General Delivery.
SWEDISH GIRL WAN I S SITUATION TO DO |
general housework: good cook; city or coun- '
try. Address O. R.. box 68. Call Oilice.
SITUATION WANTED- MARRIED COUPLE; j
O cook and butler or coachman: city or country;
Scotch. ABERNiCTHV, 309 >utter st.
SCANDINAVIAN GIRL WISHES POSITION
Oas second girl. P. ease call 3100Va Lacuna st.
MILLINER, FIKST-CLAS-5 ARTIS.TE, TRlM-
lner and niak-r, wants engagement*; will
give trial. A. X., box 83, Cali Oilice.
COMPETENT WOMAN WANTS HOUSE-
\J wor» ; good cook ana laundress. Call or ad-
dress H. L., 3430 Seventeenth at. , or. Guerrero:
no cards.
UIRST-CLAtS - HORT ORDER OR BUSINESS
X 1 lunch cook wants situation. Call or address 28
Eighth, room 25.
THIRST-CLASS GERMAN COOK WISHES SIT-
-1 1 uittion; country only; wages $25 to 430. Ad-
dress 348 Third su
S V"OUNCr"UERMAN GIRL. WA.VIe A PO.-I-
X tion with children or ll*:hi housework. Apply I
at 405 Lyon su, cor, Hayes.
yOU.NO EASTERN LADY OF EXPERIENCE j
X wants a permanent position as housekeeper In I
lodging-bouse or widower* home. Room a, 995 j
Market st.
SW COR. SIXTEENTH ST., NEAR MIS j
■ton; branch oftice of Tv ( Call. bub- !
etrlptions and want ads taken.
GERMAN OIBL WOULD LIKE POSITION
VJT where she could learn sewin ■ In exchange for j
housework. Address G. ('.., box 101, Call office.
■y-OUNG GERMAN LADY DESIRES POSI- j
J. lion as housekeeper. Call 120 a l-.ddy, room 7. j
PREPOSSESSING YOUNG LADY OF J-XPE-
X rience drslres a place as typewriter. Apply i
room 5,850 Market St., first floor. '■
COMPETENT GIRL WISHES A PLACE IN
\J American family, cooklnz and housework: no j
objection to Oakland or I'iedmonu Apply 1413Va i
Sacramento st.
GERMAN GIKL WISHES SITUATION AS j
Vjr chambermaid; city or country. Call or ad-
dress A. 1) , 114 Fourth st., room 31.
RESPECTABLE WOMAN WANTS SITUA-
XV tion to cook, wash and iron In American fam- !
ily; no obj-Ttion to short distance in couutry. |
Please call 551 Howard su, upstairs.
r EAT GERMAN OIBL WANT* SITUAI ION;
X> good cook and laundress: < on try preferred.
Address N. W., box 101 Call oilice.
"\*"OUNG WOMAN, GERMAN. DESIRES PO- J
X sition as nurse for Invalid or lady's maid; is '
good seamstress -. willing to travel. Call or »il- :
dress 932 Valencia st.
•yOUNG PARISIAN WIDOW DESIRES PER. '
X manpnt place as working housekeeper la hotel j
or widower's home: no objection to country.
Booms 10-11, l-."2 Post st. •
p ERMAN EMPLOYMENT, 306 MASON ST.,
VJ tel. main 5332, furnishes best help of all na-
tionalities.
EXPERIENCED LADY DESIRES POSITION !
as companion and nurse with invalid or chi - '
<lr>n; medical references. 1530 Eddy St., near ;
fticini r, call afternoons.
f*-\ C LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
vlw CALL. Subscriptions and w ant ads taken.
RK FIN E D ACCOMPLISHED YOUNO
XX French widow desires a place as houseKeeper j
or companion. Room 2, 1.2 Post su
WANT ADS AND bUBe-CRIPTKJNs FOR
»* Tek Call are taken at Branch Oilier loutu- '
; west corner sixteenth and Mission s:s.
' /-I ' LAKKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
Dili CALL. Subscriptions and want ads taken.
yOl'S ■ ' LADY. FORMERLY IN GO D CIR-
X cumstances, desire? to secure a place as house-
keeper in hotel, bachelor's or widower's home: '
will do plain senlug. Roo:u 11, "J'23 Post s'.
POSITION WANTED IN DOCTOR'S OFFICE.
X by nurse with some cxi er:ence. Address M.
M., 221 Polk su
Vr EAT GERMAN GIRL WISH RB POSITION !
i-' as maid or nurse, to go Ka«t or h urope, in ex- '
change tor fare. Addiesi Nurse, box 59, CalL
pESPECTABLB SOUTHERN WO MA N '
Xt wou.dlike to take charge of lodging-house. i
Apply 8 Mason st., room 17.
OXO(- MISSION — KUBbCKIPTIONa AND
—«J — U want ad* taken tor TUB CALL.
ATTRACTIVE YOUNG LADY OF AMIA-
• A hie disposition desires a position as typewriter
: or (opyist. l*.U>Vi Geary 6t., room 2, flrsi fl or.
- j
[TTOUNG GERMAN WIDOW WISHES PLACE ;
X as hou eper In widower or bachelor s house- '
bold. Room 1. 106 Fourth st.
"yOUNG LADY. QUIET AND INDUSTRIOUS,
X desires work in hotel, for elderly couple or as
lady's maid; good housekeeper; willing to make !
heise.f useful. Call 10 to 8, *17 Grant aye, ruoni7,
second floor.
SUBSCRIPTIONS AND « ANT ADS FOR THK
Call taken at braucn otlica, unit liayca k_;
open until B:3U o'clock.
\\T ANTED— SITUATION AS BOOKKEEPER
TT or stenographer by competent young lady of
experience: small salary to b«gin|\vith expected.
Address stenographer, box 68, Call Oflice.
('] C LAKKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
yJIU CALL. Subscriptions and want ads taken.
WOMAN TO WORK BY THE DAY: $1 AND I
TT car fare. Address W. W., box 135, Call.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR. !
TT MarKet: 200 rooms »5c io 8160 per night: j
$1 60 to $«i per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus and bargaee to anl from the ferry.
/• 1 C LAKKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE i
"'"''AIL: •übftcrtntlons an «ant mi ■• tnkea. '
RITIATIONS WANTED MALE.
/CHINESE * JAPAN FSE; EST'D 20 V E AK!V !
V^help:tel.main 1997. BRADLEY .t Cj.. 640 Clay
SAM KEE— CHINESE AND J A PENKSK EM- !
ploy ment cilice. 511 v% jjunh su, nr. Grant aye. |
UNI EH & CO.. CHINESE AND JAPANESE '
XX employment office, removed to 614Va Califor-
nia su, i.f.i.- K>«r.i .. i< J. main '231.
JAPANESE INTfc.LLIGfc.NCK AGENCY, a
O 90. St. Ann's bl'r, 6 Eddy sU: tel .vain 5231.
pHINESE AND JAPaNESK EMPLOYMENT !
\J office: best help. 4141/2 O'Farrell. 'lei. E. 424 j
BY MAN, AGE 37 YEARS, SINGLE. POBI- !
tion in general merchandise siore in country: j
experience and recommendations: capable of I
keeping boo'^s: speuks different languages. Ad- I
dress C. It., box 58, Call Office.
TNDUSTRIOUS MIDDLE-AGED GERMAN;
X handy man with musical Instruments, fair nar- '
ber, good gur.lener and a 1 round handy mnn: with
best of reference: prefer springs or mmm»-rresori;
ci:y or Oakland; fur waves. > box 58. Call. .
SWEDE. 19, WISHES ANY KIND OF WORK: '
O can dr.veand do anything: no bad habits: best '
city reference; no objection to country. Address;
C. E., 713 Minna st.
WANTS SITUATION AS SUPKRINTEND-
TT enlnf grain or fruit ranch: uud<>rs;auds Irult
In all its branches. G. C, -24^4 .Mission St.
OITUATION WANTED BY tiW.SS DAIRY- '
O man and w fe; s;ood milkman and wife good .
cook. Apply 271 Minna.
TAPANKSE BOY, 17 YEARS OLD. TH
cJpjaJtton; schoolboy. Addres* f. t., box 107 |
this office. "
GOOD CORNET PLAYER WISHES bITUA- i
tion. MAX RIEBEI, 17 Alia st.
SITUATION ON POULTRY. FRUIT OR j
O dairy ranch by temperate married mail from
I Mas«i.chiiiwtiB. titpab.o of taking full charge- tif- '
teen years' experience In raising poultry on large '
ale. caie of Incubators, •■to, ■ all or write W !
PARSONS. Western Hotel. 824 Kearny »v .
Young man wants po>itjon to learn i
X sausaue making: has lume knowlrdire already I
518 Stevensou st. I
MAX AND WIFE IX 1.OD<;IXO-I1OL>E~OR !
hotel, man »* clerk or bedmaker, wife as I
cimmbeiniHid ; good reference; ouilsfaciion guar- ;
anteed. Address R. C lox 51, Cull Otlicc.
SOBEP.. MIDDLE-AOED MA N WANTS WORK
in private family used to lioros. garden and i
rooking: ate* no object; references- J. M.. bjx !
9. Ca 1 Ollic , Oakland. ■
BOY, 18, WOULD LIKE WORK: OUTDOORS '
prewired. Address Boy, box 73, Call office.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APIUL T, 1897.
FITrATIONS TVAXTEn-Cnnflnn^.
VDi: -O MAN WANTS A SITUATION IX A
X butcher-shop where he can learn the trade,
with the privilege of buying an interest in the.
timines-. Address Butcher, box 40, Call Office.
pO.MPETEN»T .MAN W. Slits SITUATION
\J as ii<a>'i)innn and eardener: can milk and make
hln. self cenurally useful auout plai-e: good refer-
ences: city or country. A. A., 259 Stevenson sU
■\\r.\XTKD- BY YOUNG MAX AM) WIFE:
* * wife ns cook on r»nc i nn 1 husband as ranch-
hand. Addre** V. M.. box 143, Call utnc ■••
BRANCH OFFICE OF TH fc: CALL, 1«7 N LNTH
SI — Want ads and subscriptions taken.
COACHMAN AND MAN. ABOUT PLACE
\J wants a situation: be«: Of references. Address
THOMAS, box 2, Call Ollice, Oakland.
■ —■.I ■■- f
i MARKET ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
"l Call: want ad* and subscriptions tuicen.
AI'A.NKSK Wl.-.HKS POSITION, PLAiN
cookirit;, housework or any kind of work : good
recommendation; wa;es $4. G. S., 700 Cali-
fornia st.
"\yAXTED-P_'SITJON AS NIGHT WATCII-
»* man: 7 years' experience: first-class refer-
ence. Address S. S., bux 134, Call Office.
T)ELIABLE SOBER MAN, 26. GERMAN,
IX wants position assistant bookkeeper or work
of any kind. J. .-., Port Costa, Cai.
I)— POSITION BY LICENSED DRUG-
' * ist and phybiclan. J., box 20, Call Office.
£1 ,rr LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
Dlt) CaLI. Subscriptions and want ads taken.
I ENGINEER'S POSITION BY COMPETENT
J man; conversant with electrical, refrigerating,
pneumatic, hydraulic machinery. Engineer L. B.
G., box b5, Call ollice.
c i ) r I MONTGOMERY .CORNER OF ci.ay—
i)J.t Open unil 9:3U o clock; branch oi&cii of
the Call: subscriptions and waul ads. taken.
yoUSO MAN WANTS POSITION IN COUN-
X try; understands care of hcr.i--s and can milk
cow. Address J. M., box 136, Call.
DQQ HAVES ST.— BRANCH OFFICR OF
• >•)»" Tbk Call; »uLscrlptious and wane kds
taken.
KE3IALK HELP WANTED.
0 WAITRESSES AND 1 CHAMBERMAID,
— same country hottl, $20, tare advanced; 2
waitresses, country hotels, 15: 3 girls for ranches,
$IH. $15; 2 coo s, private family, $^5; 2 girls,
housework, Oakland, $20; 12 girls, housework,
city. 526, $20. 6 young clrls to assist, 10, $15. C.
R. HA.NsEN & CO., 110 Geary St.
ANTED — 8 GERMAN, SCANDINAVIAN
Ti and Protestant nurses and se:ond girl* for
City and country, $20 »nd *-5; German girl for
housework for country, $25: lint-class cook for
short d stance out of town, 30: conic and second
gill for Mime house, $30 and $25: North German
girl for hous!-wort fur Sill family. $20; chamber-
maid for 35 rooms $17; 4 cooks. German style,
$30 aid $35: German <ook and i,e in an nurse,
same house. $25 each; young girls for housework,
$12 and $15. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
816 Sinter st.
■\V AN TED-BRiaH-i\ACTIVE LADY CLERK.
*» accustomed to wa ton Indies; one who can at
least speak German: preference would be. given to
a typewriter and stenographer; moderate wages to
• ommenoe with. A|.pi.v to J. F. CKOStTI & CO.,
316 Suiter st.
\\T ANTED — ACTIVE, BRIGHT LADY AS
• T solicitor; o;ie ho can talk Gorman preferred;
moderate salary to commence with- Apply to J.
F. CROSETT A CO., 318 'utter st.
ptBMAN SECOND GIRL, «-5; 8 HOUSE-
VJT nor* girls, city and country, X2U and $25: 6
young girts, assist, $10 to $15. MISS CL'LLEN.
323 tuner st.
HOUSEWORK GIRL, SANTA CRUZ: $15:
easy place. MIS»CULL.EN, 323 Sutler.
VKaT, RKFXKKD GERMAN KURSK; ONE
1> child; $-25. MISS CULLEN. 323 sutler st.
\\roRKING HOUSEKEEPER; $i! 0. MISS
tt CULLEN, 323 Sutler st.
COOK. GERMAN STY L^:f3o TO s3s MONTH;
Menlo. MISS CULLEN, 323 sutler.
"DEFINED SECOND GIRL AND CAKE OF
IV young children; *25. MIS-> CULLEN, 323
Suiter st.
COOK. LIVERMORE.S2S; RANCH COOK, $20.
MIS-j CULLEN, 323 Sutler.
GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK,
'J American family, 960. MRS. LAMBERT,
306 Mason st.
GERMAX NURSE, AGED 25-30: 1 CHILD, 3
VJ years old; $-20. MRS. LAMBERT, 306 Muson.
1 'IRL FOR HOUSEWOMK, MUST BE GOOD
**. German cook; $25. MRs. LAMBERT, 300
Mason st.
pIRL, 3 IN FAMILY, AMERICAN COOK-
VJ Ing: $25; call tar.y. MRS. LAMBERT, 306
Motion St.
ij>RKNCH SECOND GIRL AND COOK, $15
JC aud $20. MRS. LAMBERT. 306 Mason »t.
VORTH GERMAN GIKL. TAKE CARE OF
IX children: $20. MRS. LAMBERT, :-:06 Mason.
HEAD WAITRESS, $25 AND ROOM; COOK.
$20 and room; c lumbermaid and waitrex*,
Sl.' ami room; cook, $4 50 a week, city; rook an I
waitress, $30; cook and <humbrrm«id, $30 and
room, luu.h waitress. $3 50 a week; yonne girl,
wait some, $12 and roi in ; waities*. $18 and
room: 2 cirls at kitchen helpers, $ 0 and room:
waitress to no south. $-20 and room: waitress,
country, »'2O and room: waitress, $1 and room*
waitresses, $5 a week; cook, #6 a week; waitress
and do chmnberwork, $15 and loom; cook, Ger-
man style, $30 and room: wan i>.-««, $6 a week;
cliumtt-rmaid and wait some. $20 and room;
waitress uuti do eh inbtrwork, $1 a and room: 12
waitresses, resort hotel, lor May 1. MARTIN <fe
CO., 749 Market si. "
GIHL. SEWING, $15; GIRL, ASnBURY ST.,
$15: girl. Castro St., »17: 2 iris, suiter su,
$16; girl, Go'deu Gate aye., $17: clrl. Pine st.,
$15; girl, Kera County, $15; secon.l girl. El. ls
s .. $i' 2: 2 girl*. Berkeley, $16; girl, Oakland,
$15; girl, Wenstersu, $15; girl, Ashourv su, $15;
i irl. East St., $. J: -'3 young gins, $8, $10 and $12
per month, assist, etc. MARTIN & CO., 749
Market sU
GERMAN OK SWEDISH GIRL, SAN RA-
VJ .el, Cal., $20. MAR lIN & CO., 749 Market.
A GERMAN GIRLS. $25; NICE FAMILIES.
"± MARTIN & CO.. 749 Market st.
GERMAN OR SWEDISH GIRL, $18: CaS-
tiost. MARTIN CO., 749 Market St.
GERMAN GIRI, P(JST ST. $20. MARTIN
A CO.. ~iJ Market su
GERMAN OIRU FfcLLMORE ST., $20. MAR-
TIN &CO 749 Market s:.
p ERMAN WOM AS HOUSEKEEPER-
VI $10. MARTIN * CO., 74» MarKet st.
ANTED- FRENCH <4IKL. COOK AND DO
tt housework. $25; French nnrse, $25; German
second girl. $20: chambermaid and assist, $20 •
g.rls to assist, flu. $12 and $15: German cook.
$30. LEON ANDRE, 308 Stockton st.
STRONG YOUNG WOMAN COOK ON RANCH,
$25, fare paid young woman, house wor< and
cooking, country town, $^0. fare paid. MURRAY.
A READY, Leading Emp.oyment Agents, 634
and 1 36 Clay st.
OMAN TO CARE FOI; SICK L DV. $12-
-3 -iris. $20: young girls. $12 and $10: 4 girls,
$15 and $18. MRS. SPENCER, 1321 Par* sU.
Alameda.
\\r TED - COOKS, NURSEGIRLS, CHAM-
TT b<-rmai<is, gir^sfor housework. MRS. HIRD.
721 tills.
GIRLS OF ALL NATIONALITIES WANTED
to fill various portions. German Employ-
men Oilice, 306 Masua st.
"IV" ANTED— GIRL FROM 15 TO 20 YEARS OF
" ape to assist in light housework for a good
ho, and spending moi ejr : will be treated as one
of the t ml y. Apply between 9 and 10 am, 10
Brownsen st.. belweeu Thineenth and four-
teenth, Valencia nnd Guerrero.'
L I RSI -CLASS Sh.WERS ON" WKAPPER-
r wais s. etc. H. FREIDLANDER, 310"A Fell
st , from 8 to 10 a. m.
\\f ANTED— IOOO SCHOOL CHILDREN TO
'» take part In the Mayday festival. Apply to
fcuperlnteiuerit, 10 m Larkiu su, Mi Iro Baths-
WANTKD— MIDDLK-AOED WOMAN TO DO
'» general h. usewesr* arid to ass st In plain
cooking: a goo I home; wages $10. Apply 315
Austin aye. i
WOMAN WHO UNDERSTAND* .-.i-.WI
and housework, inquire at Sacramento and
L averi worth.
r A TED— A X EXPERIENCED UaNDON
tt French overstiu inn? ;icochlne: no others
nerd apply. Imperial (i ove Store, 447 v« n.in.
IVANTED-RKLIABLEGEKMANC.IIII. FOR
»» upsaln-uork sewing and attending children.
Call at 2112 Va.lejo at., near Buchanan, to-day.
\\T ANTED— GIRL, ABOUT 1:0, FOR
TT renural housework; uo cooking. Apply at
130 Page st it/%-1
GIRL TO DO UENKRAL HOUsJKWORK;
■ wages $10. Call 2119 Pine St., to-day.
GIKL WA-TKD FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
work. 2228 Clay st , cor. Buchanan.
APPRENTICE WANTiD ON TAILORING.
-^»- 7-4 liowaid si., near 1 bird.
/' 1 Xli XT D I LEARN VEST-MAKING;
,*J i,ood sewer preferred. 6v2 Hyde st.
Maker wanted, millinery-store,
248 Sixth st. •
"IT« UN<« LADIES TO LEARN MAKING AND
X trimming and all about mliluery. 103 Post.
"I\r ANTED— IOOO SCHOOL CHILDREN TO
»i akH port in <he M»vd:iy festival. Apply to
sup»r.iite:jdeiii, 105 Larki.. »t , Suiro £ath». .
yillfeT-CLAsa MiLl.lNii.uY IRIMMi>.R. 2.1
X Sut'.erab
fTFT.P WANTKD-ContlnnM.
WOMAN F\,R HOUSEWORK; WAGES $10
' » 1 29 Perry st.
"yOUNG GIRL FOR GENERAL UuUSE WORK;
X references: Call 14U9 Clay.
/ ' OOD FINISHER ON PANTS: $1 25 A DAY;
*■* steady work. 273 Minna au
ANTED— A FIRST-CLASH TAILORESSON
"cu-tomcoas. 740 Folsom St.
ANTED— PANTS OPERAIOR. 1 108 BAT-
*» tery 3t.
GOOD HANDS ON VESTS. 641 STEVENSON
street.
LIRST-CLASS - WAISTHAND: ALSO AP-
x premier. 4a Antonio st., off Jones.
"IV" ANTED— AN APPRENTICE FOR DRESS-
-11 n ing ; good se«er. 424 Post su
GOOD TAILORESS WANTED ON ICUSTOM
coats. 1934 Mission st-
SF. DRESS-CUT SCHO' -L— FRENCH
. tailoring taught; $1 week. 916 Market, r. 54.
riAPABLE MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN FOR
V/ wholesale office; experience not absolutely
necessary; reference. H.. box 10 Cull OftUe.
"L'XPERIENCKD NURSE. WITH REFER-
XJ ences: German preferred. Call between 12
and a, 2263 .Franklin at.
I^IHSI-CLASs OPERATOR-: SINGER MA-
X chines; elec. power; high wages. 1388 Mar
VIRST-CLASB WAISTHANDS, AND AT -
X prentices paid while learning. 330 O'Fanell.
EXPERIENCED FINISHER ON COATS AND
apprentices; good wages. 221 sixtn at.
4 MARKET ST.— BRANCH OFFICE Of I*l*
rt Call: want ads and subscriptions taken.
AN APPRENTICE WANTED FOR HAlH-
store. Apply 1508 Polk st.
TNTELLIOENT YOUNG WOMAN WANTI D:
X one experienced in the care of young children:
must have good references. Addres* B. 8., box
44, Call Offic. .
Cl~\ f\ LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF TUU
Ulu Call: subscriptions and am ads. taken.
1 ATEST SKIRTS, STYLISH JACKETS, i'KR. I
J J fect-flttinß waist patterns cut to order, 25c;
wanted, ladles to learn the McDowell Dressmak-
ing and Millinery School, 103 Post st.
I^LYNN'S DRESSMAKING AND CUTTINU
X Academy. 14 McAllister sU: $1 a week.
MOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE.
Winchester Hous«, 44 'lblrd st., near Market:
i.OO rooms: 250 to $1 6J per night: $1 suto*i
per week: free 'bus and liiicgagft to and trom ferry.
- - j
MALE HELP WANTED.
JAFANEBR PORTER FOR FIRST-CLASS
hoiel: $25 and found. C R. HaNsEN <fc CO.,
110 Geary st.
TKWARD FOR SMALL MOUNTAIN RE- |
O sort, $35 and found; pantryman, ho el, *20; j
second cook, restaurant, $40. C. R. IiANSEN &
CO., 110 Geary st.
DANISH DRIVER FOR A MILK WAGON,
$30 and fonnd; man about place for privale
family, 115 and found: 2 farmers, $16. C R.
HASHES & CO.. llu Geary st.
*_>(\ WOODCHOPPKRS. $1 PER CORD: 20
»J\r farmers, $20 to $15; farmer and wife for an
orchard, sen bojj here. MURRAY & RKADY.
Led lug Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay.
SAILOR FOR GENTLEMAN'S YACHT. $20
0 and found; 3 milkers, $20: 2 choreboys. $10
and $8 for ranches. MURRAY & HEADY', . ead-
lag Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Liny st.
•> COOKS, HOTELS AND RESTAURANTS,
" $30. $10 and $50: 3 Witters, $.'5 to $30; 2 dish-
wishers, $15 and $20. MURRAY & READY,
Lending Employment Agents, 64 and 636 Clay. |
ILOR, COUNTRY SHOP: SEE BOSS HERE. !
1 MURRAY <fe READY. Leading Employment
Agen'.s. 62:4 and 636 Clay st.
JAPANESE COOK. $25: FARMKR AND '
keep b.olc*, $20 ant found, see boss here.
MURRAY & READY. Leading Employment
Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
ANTED— WORKING FOREMAN FOR i
»» small ranch, see empioyrr here, $30 and
found; painter fur small carriage-shop In city, •
$1 50 to $2 a day; 2 farmhands »or vineyard, »20
and found: 2 warmers, near city, $15 and found; i
2 makers, $20 and found; also coo waiters, <;lsh-
washers, etc W. D. EWER <fc CO 626 Clay st.
TV" ANT D-6 MINERS, $2 50 DAY AND $40 i
'* and board: teamstrrs: 8 suing e-bo:t makers, j
$125 to *1 75 cord; wood chop pers, $125 cord; |
night cook and waiter, country, $3O and found: j
wallers, city and country, and' others. Apply to
J. F. CKuSKTT ft CO., 6-8 Sacramento st.
VTIOHT COOK. $6 A WEKK: SECOND COOK,
i-l $2J and room: dishwasher, $25 and room;
waller, >25 and room: cook. $10 a week: lunch
ad dinner <valtrrs: pantry-buy, $10 and room;
cook, country hotel, $30 and room; broiler, $40,
etc. MARTIN A CO., 749 Mar«e:su
ECOND COOK, FRENCH. $50; CALL EARLY.
MARTIN & CO., 749 Market st.
COOK: $45: RESTAURANT: CALL EARLY.
MARTIN A CO,, 749 Market si.
EIIP.AND-BOY: $2 WEEK; CALL) EARLY.
MA TIN & CO., 7i9 Market st.
TtTANTED— NIOHT COOK. OYSTER-HOUSE, :
*» $40; cook, gii.l und lun.n room, coumry, *30 I
and ■.omul: waiter, clshwnsher, $20. lialinn
cook for family, <60; etc. ANDRE'S, 308 stock-
-1011 St.
GERMAN GARDENER. J'J5; MAN TO TEND
VI chicken ranch: middle-aged ihor.-man. $13: i
2 canvassers K. T. WARD & CO.. 608 and 610
Clay st. .
MAN AND WIFE, RANCH. »40, SEE PARTY
here. Miss CULLEN 323 -utter st.
L'INISHEHS ON CLOTHE->; GOOD BUTTON-
X I hole-maker; gooa wages; steady work. 106 i
Battery aL
HOEMAKER ON REPAIRING; STEADY !
O job tor right man. 7'2U Vi Howard St., between I
Thud and lourtu.
UT ANTED — WORKING FOREMAN on
raich: single man: references; wages $30.
W. U  box 10j*. Call office.
"yOUNG BABBBB TAKE CHARGE OF
X small shop. Inquire 537 Bryant su, Burkes
grocery.
DRY-GOODS SALESMAN WANTED; MUST
dress windows. 315 Hayes »t.
i,UBH*LMAN FOR THE COUNTRY. REISS
I > BROS., 26 cutter st.
Air ANTED- MATE WITH GERMAN PaT
»» pers. Apply 48 Steuart st.
O(»K FOR RESTAURANT WANTED. 2U2
\J Ninth st.
LMRsT-CLASS SHOEMAKER AT 1 SEV-
X mi . at.
O FIRST-CLASS PAINTERS; SOBER MEN.
— 1622 suiter st., 7: 16 o'clock.
BARBI-R-SHOP RUNNING 3 CHAIRS: Al
Ida ion; a bargain. Apply Call Office.
/ -CHAIR BARBER-SHOP: GOOD LOCATION;
•— 2 sunny living-rooms; >ard: old start i; rent or i
sale: owner going to country; bargaiu. Apply ,
Call Office.
GENTLEMAN WANTS GENT PARTNER
VJ vaudeville atage; must play variety of Instru-
ments. G., box 10, Call.
ANTfcD-hOBER INDUSTRIOUS MAN TO i
"" assist in light indoor bus ness-, must be sals-
.' fl-d with $13 per week and have $150 cash. Ap-
| ply 777 Market st., room 7.
ANTED-STEADY MAN FOR COUNTRY
»» position: must have $5 expense money. Ap-
ply niter 'A p. m. at 9 Geary St.. room 2.
BARBER-SHOP FOR SALE ON ACCOUNT I
of having city. Call 119% F.ddy su
ANTED— AN IDEA; WHO CAN THINK
" of some simple thing to patent? J rotect your 1
!de?s, they may bring you wealth. Wilt» JOHN
WEDDERP.URN& CO., Dept L, Patent Attor- !
neys.' Washington, D. C. for their $1800 prize j
offer and new list of 1000 invention* wanted.
MAN WITH $50 CAN .MAKE GOOD WAGES. !
iX Particulars s.<s» I allfornia 51...s 1 ... saloon. "
SOLICITORS FOR MILK BUSINESS. 928
OYo a:., near Twent> -second.
QHOEMAKER wanted AT 18 montoom- i
0 cry avo.
BAJtBER SHOP FOR SALE; DOING GOOD
Lusini'Ms; own-r golni; East: rent $7 a month.
Call at 407 Seventh aL, Oakland
rpHE ROSED ALE fc2l ELL!-— CHEAPEST
X and best lodging-house uorth of Market st.
■9f>**K mission st.-branch OFFICK OF
_•>—.» Imm Call; kubacnpuuua ana wav( ads
liiken. .
EfeiMo.% wants 100 m..a iv ».et boi-
. tie beer or wine 6c : Dea*. fro* lunch. «43C!»f
1«7 NINTH ST. -BRANCH OFFICK OP
iUI 'lux call; tubacriptlou and want ads.
taken.
OARBERS— FOR KMPLOYMKN I CALL SEC.
It P. C Barbers' Assn. s. Fut H-», 825 Grant aye.
■L'll'^T-CLAS-. BARBERS FURNISHED BY
1 International Union Free Kmp.oyment Bureau.
34 Fourth at. the Mod- r.i. 1. Li-.s-, secretary.
JuURNr.YJIn..\ bAKi.A.UV i,..FLUi'Mi..m
eeretarr ,li. J.KItN A Rl». .0J .--vrntn »•_
STYLISH AND DURABLE C> LF SHOES
made 10 order. $2 50: cheapest place in city for '
repairing find second-hand shoes. 959 Howard at. j
"l\r A-N T E I;— MEN 1 0 LEA RN BARBER
*• trade; shops, tools, positions furnished: 8
weeks required, a F. Barber College, 188^ Eighth.
\A .xNTED, lot OLLEC4 WA'.»K •Dl E LABOR-
>• ersAcleiks KN OX Collection A s cy, 110 butter.
HELP WAXTED-Confinned.
TJESOLUTIONS ENGROSSED. DIPLOMAS
Xi, filled out A all kinds of i en work. J. W. GRIF-
FITH. Heald's Rutin. Collrge, 24 Post st.
I'OK GOOD REPAIRING CALL AT CKN-
I tral Repairing si o<? Shop, 1534 Market St.. bet.
Larkln and City Hail aye., or 74^ .Mission SU;
large stock new and second-hand shoes ou sale:
shoes mad.- .o order, any style, $3 up.
SINGLE ROOMS 100 AND 15c NIGHT, 60c
and 75c w<ek. Lindell House, sixth and llowad.
U, r AM i.D-I.A BORERS ASU MECHANIC 1 *
" to know that Ed Kolkin. l-.eno House proprie-
tor, sill! runs Denver Hoa-»», 217 Third st. ; 15J
large rooms; l.'k- per nlgbt; $1 to $3 pec week.
WANT ADs AND bUBSCRIPTIO-VS FOR
"' he Call are taken at Branch utliew, south-
west corner sixteenth and Missiou sis.
iOH MKN To TAKE LODGING AT 10c, 150
X ' '^' and -JOe a night. Including cofle* ana ruiU.
124 Washington su. near Kearny.
BE-T IN CITY— SINGLE ROOMS, 15. 20 AND
I > 25 cents per night: •■?!. $1 25, $1 60 per wee*.
I'arlric House, Commercial and l.eidesrtord sis.
1 {'7 NINTH ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
XU I 'I Hit Call; aauacriptiou aiul waul ada
Uken.
TjJiCRUITS WANTED FOR THE V. 8. MA-
XV rine Corps. V. s. Navy— Able-bodied unmar-
ried men between the age* of 21 aigi 80 years
who are citizens of the United S.ates. or those
who have legally <!rclnrecl ibelr intention to be-
come such: nits', be of good character anj habit)
mid able to speak, read and writs English and be
between 5 feet 5 Inches and 6 feet In height. For
lurther information apply at the Kecruiilui ullice,
20 Kills st.. San Francisco. Cal.
ELCHO HOUSE. 863VJ MARKET ST.—
Hi 20c, 25c to M)u night; $1 to $2 weeic.
MIRY ACME HOUSE. 85/ MARKET ST.. BK-
X low fclxth. for a room: 16c a night: $1 a wees.
\\r ANTED. your shoes -we REPAIR
" shoes up to 9 o'clock every night: those work-
log through the day can buve their shoes repaired
at nigut while you wait: ladies' -.n.inz. 35c; men's
soling. SOc: line shoes made to order from $2 up;
we have a lo: of shoes been damaged cy water at
less than on<--four:h their value, from 76c up to
$2 50. 562 Mission st., bet. First and Second.
1 7nn MORE PAIR MEN'S SHOES. BEEN
X I \J\r damaged by water, at less than one-fourth
their value, from 75c up to $2 SO. 662 Mission at.,
be.L First and second.
WANTED— SLNGLb. ROOMS, 16c A DAY; «l
»» week; rooms for 2, 250 a day. $1 6'J m weaic;
reading-room: daily papers. £6 Clay su
pOOMS, 15c TO 75c PER NIGHT; 500 TO $1 60
Xt per week. Oriental. 226 Drumm st.
\y ISCHESTEK HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
»» mo;: 200 rooms, 25c a night: reading-
room: '.ret* bin aril ca-catre to and from the ferry.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS— BRYAN'S BOOK, 'THE FIRST
i attls" Apply or aduress for territory F.
PERSON, manager subscription department. THE
WHITAKKR A RAY COMPANY. 723 Market st.
FCKNISnKD FLAT WANTED*.
T^^*T^I>^FUBXIBHBiD^FI,AT FOB TWO
»» persons: 2 rooms, bath and kitchen: one
bedroom with folding-ted: state rent. Address
A., box 120, thisoni'-.
WANTKD-MISCKLLAXEOtS.
BUILDINGS 1.111; LUMBER. SASHES,
doors, mantels, etc, lor su!e. 1163 Mission at.
SELL YuL'lt BOOK*, CLOTHING ANi» JiiW-
C 5 elrr to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth St.: tend postal.
LOST.
<!]•;: R W A R d"" FOR THE ARREST AND
',:■*) conviction of the boy that look the collar
nnd mini aled the pure white cat belonging to
2122 Brodt-ncic st.
1 OST — CHATELAINE CONTAINING StL-
ver, purse and cold watch. Return to 613
Folsom it. and receive reward.
lADY'S BLACK ENAMELED WATCH AND
J pin set with pearls and diamonds Find, r
will be liberally rewarded by returning same to
216 California st.
1 OST-ON APRIL 1, A SILVER-PLATED
J carriage door l:and!e. Return to RoOS BROS.,
27 Kearny st. ; reward.
|>LACK COCKER SPANIEL BITCH; BOB-
• > lull: whit spot on breast. Return to 1590
Fulton St.: reward.
I OST— A PAIR OF GOLD-FRAMED SPECTA-
' -i e'es on Manning plate, Under please return
to Call ufflce and receive leuard.
AT CLIFF HOUSE— BROWN AND WHITE
setter; "Toots" on col ar: reward. 729 Ellis.
1 OST— A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBERNIA
J J Savin:* and Loan society of >an Francisco In
the name of JOHN O'KANK (No. 169 1391). The
finder will please return to b-\nk.
RANCH OFFICE OF THE CALL. 167 NI.STH
su: want ad, and sn t.scrlptiorn taken.
FOUND.
I^OUND— ON MARKET ST., $*;00 INDORSED
1 not- ; call an i prove ownership. B. D. i.ACA-
ZKI'i E. 519 Jackson st.
DENTISTS.
CIBOOUK DEN I ASSOCIATION, 759 MAR-
■' ke:, Let. 3d and 4th; cats *p<Tiit isi.i: painlesi
extruding, with k«s, $1; plates, $7 up: flil, $1 up.
I^ULL SET OF TEETH. $7: WARRANTED 5
J years; painless extraction: see our new combina-
tion plate: thinnest, lightest, coolest i-:n-» made;
warranted 10 yinrs: Jilllngs. 50c; rrown.i, $3 JO.
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLOUS, 24 Sixth street
Q7 FULL SET TEETH: BEST MAKE;
<tjp • • kept In repair; extracting free; fillings, soc;
crown-<, $3 50. Pacific Dental Parlors, 18 Third.
POSITIVELY PA IN LESS EXTRACTION. DR.
X HARDING. tOOSutter cor. Powell: te1.ma1n5375
DR. J. J. I.EEK. 1126 MARKET ST.; OPEN
evenings: Sundays til! noon, deutlstrr taught
CULTON DENTAL AssOClA • lON. tH)i -lAH-
ket st. DR. CHARLE-. W. DECKER.
O»n A SET FOR I'hAi'H- WARItANTKD -v*
C' rood as ran b» made; tilling $1 DR riTMfti-^
dentist. U3U Marke. St.. next Ba.dwln beater.
J PAINLESS iXTUACiIoN. EOc: CROWN
X bridge work a specialty, plates $5 up: lSyearf
experience. R. L. WALSH, Uii.s., 61 53,4 Geary.
DR. LUDLUM HILL! 1443 MARKET ST., NR.
Eleventh: no rhars9 !or extracting whea
plates are made: old plates mods over like new;
u-t Hi lrom fit per set: extracting 60c; gas given.
V^J-.T U( 'IEK»U HITji.jUI a i *-.*.*. *j*l,
0 H. U Young. 1841 Polk su
I\R. GEORGE W. LEEK. 1 JIK UtNUINK
XJ Leek Oeu.ii-, discoverer of painless extractioa
and patentee of Liv proved bridge work or i««Ut
without any plate, moved from Jia **0 o 1 t arreati.
A Li. WORK REASONABLE AND Ait-
ranted. DR. J. W. KKY. 1320 Market m.
FOR SALE— MISCKLLASKOUS.
OPAL AND DIAMOND CLUSTER RING:
price $35, worth $70. UNCLE HARRIS, 15
urant aye.
SET OK BLACKSMITH.-* TOOLS; ANVIL,
shrtnker, drill, etc. Golden Gate aye. and
Polk su
KKAM SEPARATOR (NO. 2 BABY): IN USE
V- oily 4 months. $80; cost $150; new. Apply
169 second st , M. i.
SODA F'jUNlal>,s9o: LOST*2OO. APPLY
159 Seco.id s .. S. t- .
4) FRESH FAMILY' COWS, 33 CLEMEN-
£t tina st- ,
FOR SALE-S.M\LL NEWSPAPER PLANT.
J Calliornla st., room 2).
(»r. FEMALE. THOROUGHBRED X-TER-
«T«J- rler pup; finely n.urked; 4 months «'ld;
pedigree i,lvrn. address Dos, box 41, Call Oflice.
LOT OF OLD FINE Vl I.INs FOR SALE
J cheap. Inquire 410 Kearny at., room 10.
Of or HANDSOME. ROLL-T P CHERRY
«Jj 00. oflice de»k; cost $85. 1b24 Pacific St.
-FOOT PORCELAIN BATHTUBS $iU EACH:
In perfect order. 11. S. WHITE, 516 Mission
"YEW CA>H-KI-.GISTEuS K»JK SaLi-. ..RTO
i.l renu MagUlßi-, 130 Sansome s., room 9.
I^UIIiKRS,ENijI.M!.S, -DM A;> i> MACHINERY
X> water-pities. Mclntosh A olpman. 137 Beal«.
T.INE BLACK stir; $12 60. MIoFITCLOiH-
X ing parlors. 513 Monti;omer/ st.
COfl-En. MILL c-CALIiS. LETTER l'l!ES,i
I stand des<. money till, safe; cheap, i O2 Clay.
BARS, SHOWCASES, COUNTERS, .SHELV-
I -' Ing, etc., bought and sod. 1063 Mission, nr. 7th.
Lai.oe double oiMi'AKiut.M coin
J b.nk s.if -, ciiea.i. (■ Mission si.
uARS, BACK i>Al« JiIKROKs. SUOW-
Vj case*, rounters. ■linoleum, office furniture,
1 tore and office ftirnitur- and fixtures, new and
second hand. J. K< O.NA.V, IUI7-lulU-10^'ll0iJ
Mission a. . above Sixth.
VTF.W ELM WOOD RANGES ARK THE BEST.
J.\ W. 8. RAY MFG. CO. 12 California st.
ONE SMALL MEiiiUM AND LAK<iE-SIZK
tire and ounrlar proof safe. 109-111 Market at,
PHYSICIANS.
TiB,C. C. O'I.ONNELU 1200 MARKET, RES.
XJ loui 25iu 8U ; uutjues oi uuiucu »3pvCii*ity.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
Qjr.l fk SALOON ON BUSIEST STREET
tJrcM'U. north of Market; magniflcpnily fur-
nished private rooms; large t.i liard and card
10 mii ami otllce: line fixtures, cash register, valu-
able painting;, etc.: large stock; has a good.
steady day trade, extensive want business: uohl-
ive value in sigh: for over $1000: this p arc could
not b'* bought mi any »>rice, but is sacrificed, as
owner murt leave the cit.- in two or time days;
must be so.d by Thund iv. M. LESS. 5 Fourth st.
HMO ' °KNKR GROCERY AND B vR; IN
•li \j\jkj. liveliest location south of Market st.:
cneap rent: living-rooms; laree stock; big bar
ousli.ess; established corner; for a bargain see
this. .M. LKSS, 5 Foil sU
ifis'-lfiO COFi->K E SALOON AND RKSTAU-
V ♦'>";'• rant near the Ba'dwin: old-established,
profitable business: selling on account of other in-
terests, bargain. M. LKSs, 5 F-.ur.ii su
0:1900 i<HUI1 '. POULTRY AND GRO-
•«"""'• eery business in busiest V cation in
the city, established 15 years: 2 horses and ae-
ons constantly running: has an extensive cash
business. M. LK>s, 5 Fourth st.
lJ i O O SALOON DAY TOWN; NICE FlX-
fjp>)yi\f. inres, worth double the amount asked •
4 living-rocms and kneueu: good place M.
LESS, 5 Four: h st. * -
(ftO^O COR. (iROCEKY AND BAR IN THE
<$*JO\J. Wesier.i Addlti.n; livlnt'-rooms rent
cheap; old-»stabiished place; steady cash trade
M. LaSS, 5 Fourth st. ' su lrnae>
<Sti;nn COR - GROCERY AND "BAR IN ONE
tJUUU.of the best locatio is north of Market
su; e'ecant living-rooms; rent only $28; water
free: bears thorough Investigation; owner selling
on account of business In the .tajt, m. ' f KHB 5
Fourth St.
STATIONERY, SCHOOL SUPPLIES, LAUN. I
dry ofllce and cigai-store in choicest portion of I
Wes;t-rn Addition: well-stocked; 4 nice living- |
rooms; rent only $20; paying business. M. LE-i*,
5 Fourth st.
ffl|irr RESTAURANf AND COFFKE-
«IT 1 < «J. house: Market sU ; clearings'.s month;
can seat 35: sickness cause of selling. HEALY.
917 Mar»rt_
ffl-TfjA CIGAR-STOKE; CORNER NEAR
tiMUU. Market; busintss $S per day. HEALY,
917 Market st,
DO YOU WANT TO SE'.L YOUR BUSINESS
promptly for cash? 50 saico is. groceries and
bars cheap. HEALY, 917 Market st.
ffItQQR LADIES, ATTENTION - BRANCH
«JPO— «J. bakery, confectionery, cigars, etc.; re-
ceipts $8 a day ; Mason st.;. 6 rooms. HKALY, 917
Market st.
HIGHEST CASH PRICES PAID FORFURNI-
ture, restaurant, saloon fixtures and grocer ■
stocics. STENBEKG, 632 Market: teL main 1043.
C*OXn SALOON AND LUNCH HOUSE:
«JP^UV/. wholesale disL STENBKRG, 632 Markt
CtJXA BRANCH BAKERY. NOTIONS, !
%S>rlO\J. living-rooms. STENBERG, 632 Market, j
BUTCHER-SHOP; GOOD LOCATION; RENT \
taken in trade. STENBERG, 632 Market St.
"Partner wanted in the best oyster j
X and chop house In Oakland; will guarantee the
place clears »250 a month; big ali-nixht trade;
owner prefers partner to Hired help: every Investi-
gation invited. STENBERG i CO., «32 MarkeU
VTOTICE TO BUYERS AND SELLERS— THE
-Li old, well-known and reliable oflice of GEO.
STEWART, General Real Estate and Business
Agent, formerly nt 602 Market a:., has removed to
the old stand. 632 Market St., opp. Palate Hotel,
where we will be pleased to see any one having
business in our line. All kinds of business Inter-
ests bcusht, sold and exchanged; partnerihips
negotiated.
ffl?l cm partner WANTED for CASH
tipXc/W. buslueist exclusive trade of the entire I
const; suied to plain stead.- man satisfied with
$18 to $20 a week 10 start. Apply Business
1 roker, 45 Third st.
NO. 1 SALOON: 995 MARKET ST. NEAR j
Sixth: stock ana fixture*. Inquire at cigar- I
stand or JULIUS KEUiEIt, Attoruey-at-)aw, 509
Montgomery sU
BY EXPERIENCED PROSPECTOR AND
practical miner, some financial backing to go
pros pec; I in the de-jeru" A. dress B. X.. box 73,
Call Office.
PARTNER GOOP-PAYING BUSI-
X r.e<s; cl. ar each fiom $20 to $2.1; small capi-
tal required; no experience: trial given. -05 Kills.
li->OR SALE— CHEAP; FINE LIQUOR-STORE;
I g od outside trade: cheap rent: must De sold.
Call nt 820 Valencia su, before 9 a. m
19' PROVISION, CANDY AN 1) NOTION
<Di— O. store; living-rooms; rent $14. 1522
Howard st. ; ■
pENTLEMAN PARTNER WANTED iT
*J young hid?; small capital. 1. 0.1:11 2. 1016
MarKet si , or 11 Eddy.
yOR SALJt— WATER-FHONT SALOON, DO- i
S 1 ing good business: price $150. Apply 108 I
Stetiart st.
CIGAR-STAND WORTH *200 GOES TO-D\Y '
for $65. 539 California St.
9 large BOOMS AND URGE basement;
— tent free first month. &39 Call torn asu
KESTAURAN T: $75: GOOD LOCATION. !
XV Call at 1405 California St., nr. Hyae.
yiNE DRUGSTORE, WORTH $5000, WILL
J sell for $2600. P. O. box 420, ua^laud.
PARTNER WITH SMALL CAPITAL TO IN-
X vest in paying business. 827 Mission st.
HrSTAURA.NT WORTH $200 GOKS TO-DAY I
XV for $50 cash. Particulars 539 California st.
OI.D-KsTaBLISH KD R>STAURANT. SUlT-
able for man and wife: situated in good loca-
tion; cheap rent: $23 a day: trial will be given;
reason, death 111 the iumily. 235 Third st.
THIRST-CLASS location FOR GROCERY
1 and tar, with flat of a rooms and bath, cellar
and stable: rent very reasonable. Corner Golden
Gale aye. and Scott st. »
<»*1 9^f) 10 ACRES IN SANTA CLARA
♦iTX^iiOV/. County; must sell or exchange for
grocery-store or lodging-house. li:q Ire at 410
Keaiuy st.. room 10.
PARTNER WANTED WITH $1000, IN A
X cleaning and renovating works. Address P.
W. box 104, » all Otllce.
\'OUNG WIDOW, WITH MEANS, DKMRKS
JL gentleman partner who understands business.
101 Mason .it.
QKAA ONE OF THE BEST GROCERY-
<±i O\J\J. stores in the Western Addition for sale
cheap. NW. corner Post and Lyoi sts.
PARTNER WANTED IN BUTCHER SHOP;
X smsll capital required. Particulars 544 Cali-
fornia su
CJl9r CHER- SHOP: FINE FlX-
•]p 1 —<). tures: low rent. Inquire 1105 Mission.
000 PAYING FKUITSTtiRE FOB SALiS
cheao. Apply Call Office
pOMILETE BUTCHER- SHOP OUTFIT
\J cheap; leaving for co intry. 1918 Howard sU
EASTERN YOUNG LADY DESIhES A GEN-
tleman partner; small capital. 850 Market, r5. j
BRANCH BAKERY AN D NOTION-STORE: 3 !
furnished rooms; all for $70. 217 Eighth st.
GOOD BAK RY" FOR SALE OR KENT. AP-
ply 712 Valencia st.
KKSTAURANT; UOOD LIVING FOR TWO:
XV ch»ap if taken this month. 324 Larkin nu
AruUNG WIDOW WANTS A GENTLEMAN
X partner: small capital. Room 8. 207 Post su
it onnrt (ioLI) quartz MINE FOR sale
»• O\i\J\J. in operation: 10-stnmp mill fully
equipped: three concentrators; f ee water-power*
1 oisting works, snops. bOHrding-houne, other build-
ings complete; three ledges, shafts and tunnels
run ready to slope ore; value in sight. Address
W., box 89. fall dike.
i
4 -}.-»n SALOON ; OLD-ESTABLISHED
«!P»»«.JV». place; best location in th« cit»; owier
Is there 3 ears; also 4 rooms, including furniture
kitchen, '_' store rooms; a fl.ieyard; must be so a
this week: owner has other business It the coun-
try. l»q:iir: 2u5 1 hird st. J. LEMLE, or Bio id-
way Brewery. 19th s- «nl Treat aye.
DRUGSTORE: HANUSOMKST STORK IV
V) the city (inland): no cut rates: hem reasons
for selling. Adaiejs Drugs, box 139, Call Office. ;
yOR SALK-COKNER Gi.OCERY AND BAR-
-1 4 room* and bath. Apply cor. Larkin and V a '-
lejo sis.
HALF INT p: REST IN HORSKftHOKIXe.
shop; cheap, account Mckness. 329 Eddy st.
Is9(inO U '. l HALF INTEREST IN W h LL- I
(^ZUUU paying odging-louse; must be Intef-
-1 cent womau over 3J; the present own- risk
XS:™L b £ c *" ilnv '* ln the «—«*. I'm
AS Y-, ICECREAM ANrTTcH. OL SUP-
V piles fo- sale; near school; 4 sunny livint-
rooms and bath; reasonab c- Apply a9°«A Wash-
ington St., near BrodericK. J y "* OA w ash-
T> RA NCH BA KKRY, NOTION AND STATlON-
cSerrlr'T 1 lUrnllure ot « room^B for 5.1eT449
C- TOR AGE WARh HOUSE: GRAND CHANCE-
Pgo .d inco, lig; must be sold, all i B rkln st '
13 it ANCH RAK..KY, CANDY AND NOTIONS
Dlrtv iStnc kTV doln ' a ß^h"Blnesa; bargain;
p»rt> going Easu App.y call Ollice.
' MiSsJ V- v - SCBSCKIPTIO-Sa A.mJ
" u ~ v> want ads taken lor T hk Call.
art mission"- saloon- AND S living-"
lemons! 0011 '" 11 ' Jollg go °' b » sin «^ cheap; good
F i ) , l ., S * LK 7 PAPER KOUTE. NEWS AND
K^lSi ainp/ca^ * Adaies ' box - 08 *- An "
Cjit^ i.uiu fun aiu! Ai-i-n' TaU
' otllce., . . ;
BUSINESS CHAXCKS- Continued.
aoaa" ELEGANTLY FITTED UP SALOON,
JJ)O»U. opp. City Hall, with cliibroom: site
entrance: large day »n<i nlghitr.ide; big s»crlflce;
j owner going l^ast. WILKE, 783 Market st.
0!('&f\ SALOON' ON 'IHIRD ST., CLOsE
<JJ>t")c)U. to new Call build. tig: (Join:.- gocd pay-
lug business: inns, sell at once: disagreement of
I partners. WILKE, 783 Market sU
>jf\f\ SALOON. WITH 4 LIVING-ROOMS,
• iUU. on Howard si.: low rent; doing good
i business: makeoffer. WILK.-, 783 .Market st.
Ci^r.Ci CORNER SALOON: ESTABLISHED
«*P--O>'. yeirs; one .b ock north of ...arkej^L,
close to Examiner office: a genuine bargiln; ac:-
ua! value $1000. W 1 LKh, 78 i Market at. '
<> 7 ,-r<k SALOON IN «-H< ICh.ST JiCSIN *
I i)IJ. location: established 20 years: 1 bl-
-lia d. 1 pool-mole, .ash regl.vtr; rmt ou.y $.i 0; a
first-class pi-ying place. WIi.KK, 783 Mai st.
8 At OO AND LUNCH- HOUSE NEAR
large factor! is satiable for mm and «ife: can
I be bought direct from brewery, not much ready
cash r« quired. WiLKE. 783 Market st.
" jj_ - ■ |
LODGING-noUSES FOR SALE.
Cy* ROOM- ON MAKKETST *, 8:0
—"1 14 rooms, only 2.10.
:0 rooms: loruer: new 1,201)
i 4 rooms on Gutter 3 >0
7-i torn lifiiae, ou.y -60
li. C. DECKr.h, 1020 Market s:., opp. Firtli.
1 (' ROOMS AND BATH: FIFTH 5T..... $550
-I V) 12 rooms, neatly furnished; easy terms. 450
48 rooms: corner, 011 ;-uitersu "boo
, '600 more nouses on our list.
WILKE, 7*3 Market.
TRANSIENT HOUSE: INCOME $175: RENT
X.565; $900; part cash: must sell. Box 114, Call.
T\ r ANTED- FOP. CASH, LODgING-HOUSE IN
" good location. Box ll'l. Call.
ROOMS, NICELY FURNISHED WITH EV-
ery thing new, for sale: will sell It for $130: rent
$18. 367 Jessie st., near Fifth.
rjIRANSIENT L >DGING-HOUSE: 8 ROOMS
J-and bath; call bet. 3 ana 6P. m. 139 Taylor st.
ViUSl' SELL ON ACCOUNT SICKNESS: 9
'" rooms: well furnished. 339 Jessie, nr. Fourth.
KIRMTUKE FOX SALK.
■\TKAT HOUSEHOLD 3 ROOMS, KITCHEN.
J.'* complete as it stands; cfcoap rent; private
house; north of Market sU Inquire clgar-staud,
927 -Market st.
RETIRING FROM RETAIL BUSINESS:
XV must close out stock In 30 days; brusseU car-
I pet, 4-JV2O yard; floor oilcloth. 18c; mat ing, 7o
I yard: bearooru sots, 3 pieces, $\) 60: 4-rooua fur-
I niture outfit. $65. rsHIREK & HHIREK. 747
Alaricet st. opp. Gran: aye.
j "IMRK SALE NOW GOING ON; ENTIHE
X stock of Carpels and Furniture damaicfd by
I lire, smoke and water: inns be sold for account of
I underwriter*. SHIREK A SHIUEK. 747 Manet.
j T^CRNITURE OF SMALL FLAT FOR SALE
X immediately; cheap. 724V 2 Natorua st.
AYE MONEY-BUY FURNITURE FROM
O Buckingham Fur. Co., 836 Mission; advances.
HOUSEHOLD .RANGES ARK THE BEST.
JOHN F. MEYERS CO.. 947 Market st.
FURNITIKK WANTED.
AT INDIANA AUCTION COMPANY. RE-
move 1 to "1171 Mission st.. near Eighth tele-
phone Mint 1393. you set highest cash i.ati lor
merchandise, furniture, art goons, Dianos, libraries
BEST PRICES FOR F.URNITURE, MDSK.,
etc. STREET* CRKSWELL. Auctioneers.
Market su nn.316. Houses bought in theirentlrety.
IF YOU WANT WOOD PRICKS FOR FURNt-
■i- lure and merchandise see BURD. 211 Laricln.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A RE YOU ABOUT TO PURCHASE A PIANO?
-<M. We sell them for $:<, $4, $5, $8, $7. $8. $9, $10
per mom also for cash: the best makers of every
grade; don't pay rent when the uiiui monthly
payments will purchase one from us. SHERMAN,
CLAY A CO., cor. Kearny and Suiter sis.. Stein-
way dealers.
A BSOLUTELY THE OLDEST AND LARGEST
-Tl. house west of Chicago Is KOHLER &
CHASE'S. 26, 28 and aOo'larrell St.; piano*, or-
gans and all other musical instrument*. or all
trades and prices; terms easy, prices lowe.11;
everything possible done to please and satisfy me
customer.
CTU.VJLLY THE BEST BAKGAINs IN Pl-
anoi; monthly payments from $5 up; dcliv-
I ered lieu with stool and cover: correspondence
I eolicltej. THE F. W. &PENCER COMPANY,
s*lpsrr»i)nn 933 Market si., opp. Masoa; e»iab
l.shed over 20 years.
NEW YORK PIANO *30. LADD&CO. $76
Philips $80, .-teinway $125, Weber $^5O
Hardman $390. THE J. DEWING COMPANY,
Second Floor, Flood Building. Fourth and Market.
ON A Fi!)i^ REDUCTION IN PRICES—
Hatnes. Knabe. Bush i Gerts and others; sec-
ond-hand pianos Jrom $100 up. W. C HAMIL-
TON, successor to A. J. Bancroft* Co., ?.24 i>OsU
SHAW, STEINWaY, $250; CHICKKRINO.
0 $185; bargains, $4 a month; a nice small up-
right. 5*1(5. Hh-INE, 136 Ellis st.
__^_^_
QJ"I O- $150— BEST BARGAINS IN TUBS
tip 1 ■ «-«-». cty: good second-hand uprights. The
ZENO .MAU VAI - Music fa, 7t>3 Market
<SjIAA ELEGANT GROVESTEEN FULLER
<JP±UV/.Diano $5 installment. 221 l.eavenworth
CJj 1 ()f| AN ELEGANT STEIN WAY PIANO
«ip-lvl/. for Bale:account departure. 1515Laikin
BARGAIN. $75; ERARD. FISCHER AND
other uprights. HoRNUNG's, 21ti Post st,
ffifl 7C NKW UPRIGHT, STOOL. SCARF;
«JpX I O. warranted 6 yrs. BRUENN'S,22BPosU
BARGAIN. FINE LARGE UPR I(iH T.CHE AP
SCHMITZ. IB McAllister, next Hibernla Bant
AT BHKRMAS, CLAY A CO.'S OXLf WILL
you find a stock of new stelnway pianos.
\y <;. BADGER. SOLE Ai.EKT FOR HALLET
" .* Davis ami Francis Bacon pianos. 415 sacto.
YRON iIAUY, iOb l'yjstl ST.—^OHAtcii,
Newbv & Evani. Brlggs and other pianos.
C UPERIUP. VIOLINS. ZITUtKS, OLD NEW
OH. MULLEK. mak»r. r#|iHtrer 2 Uiham piacs.
lIOKSKS.
2H'H'SEB, WAGON, HARNESS; LOOKS
H suitable for delivery, peddling or traveling; for
sale cheap. A. W., bo* 109, Cull cilice.
AUCTION' SALEM EVERY SATURDAY AT
11 o'clock of horses, buggies, wagons, harness,
eic. Emporium sales yards, 220 Valencia at., 3.
W ATKINS, auctioneer.
J(\ HORSES FOR SALE: ALSO WAGONS.
lv buggies, carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horn
Market. 327 Sixth st. : auction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN <t DOYLE. Auctioneers.
EIBOLD HARNESS COMPANY: 500 SETS
J of gi.od harness, our own make, of every de-
scription, for less money than you can buy Eastern
trash; send for cai^logu<-. 110 McAllister St., S. F.
Cn HEAD OF HORSES SUITABLE FOR A.NY
OUbuslness 900 to JSOU pounds. O.d^Turk-su car
stables. 1301 Turk; team of large young mule*.
t>.()(\ teKl NKW AND atCON U-HA-S v UAH-
O\J\J ness: all kinds: buggy. wagon, cart*, nrnf
ArockawaT;- 40 cheap horses. 15th and Valencia.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
I[^OR HALL; CHEAP-BIKE BUGGY; FINEST
-T in the city; nlso solid runner tired baggy, suita-
ble for city or road. Inquire 645 Geary su
1 A passenger wagonette AND mod-
X~T em lmiditu and Victoria; almost new.
O'BRIEN A soNS, 500 Golden Gate aye.
COUPK FOR SALE CHEAP FOR CASH.
Call 615 Geary st.
VT>W AND I-ECOND-HAND BAKER, LACN-
Xi dry and milk wa:;on: also fine top buggy and
rockaway. tS2B Harrison su
CARPET CLEANING.
/CARPET-CLEANING, 3c: LA^INGTs^rRUO
\J samples free: tel. Jessie 944. Stratton, 38th ss.
CARPKTa CLEANED. RENOVATED LIKB
new. J. McQUEEN,4B3 Stevenson. Tel. 5.228.
CITY HTKAM CARPET HiiAAl.Nu WORK*
' cleans, moves, lays carpets. G. H. BTKVBSi
iH.r. as and 41) Eignth »t. ; telephone South 25a
\\[ HEN YuU bkcomk i>i.-iiUsTKn WITH
'» poor work send toSPAULDING'S Pioneer Ca>
pet-beating Works. 353-57 Tehama si.: iel. So. 4 X
ADVANCE C A KPKT-CLE AN 1 \i CO., 4oT
JV Suiter; iel. Main 394. Ota WaLioM, prop.
CARPETS CLEANED* RENOVATED LlKifi
new. 23 Tenth; iel. south 36 Mackintosh & Co.
J WaTTS, relmblo rarpet-cleHUiug renovig. alter-
. atlon worm. 413 McAllister. Tel. Jruie 32L
JK MITCHELL. CAKPKM>KAM.\U Ctt.
. 140 14lh su : cleaning 3c a yard. TeL Mil. 7 L
CONKLIN'i tIARPKl 1 - BKATING WORK*
V^ 33» Golden Gate aye. .Telephone Mas'. 124 .
TO 1.5.A^1..
rpOLET OR LKamK—aCADEMY HALL; 401
I- HO; cor. Mission and Mar.- sts . bet. Fifth and
Sixth. Apply to L. ■> LTSi UUI, 320 » lay n.
PROFESSIONAL CARDS.
JOHN E. iUCHARD-i, LA OFFICES. ROOM 4
Stti and - Crocker »tuwi't4; Mitryuou* MAt,
'16, ban i rauciauo, C*L  . • •'•■ j ■■}. •<■ ">'. - '■'■■~n oaa _?.-.. 'HOUSES TO LET.
4 TWENTY-SEVENTH — HOUSE 6 ROOMS
and bath; stationary tubs' in annex, next to
kitchen; electric-cars st cornrr and Valencia-si,
line next bock; » cozr, conitor;Hhle home for
family anil good tenants will be «ppreciated; 17,
water free; key at grocery. MADIsOX «£ BURKE, j
Agents.
1 *)AXI « OLDBN GATE AYE. — HOUSE 6
J -.VtO : rooms: renovated: large yard; key at
1205 Golden Gate aye
j KOOMS AND KITCHEN; FIRST FLOOR.
' 'JUS Na'.oma St.. near 1-ourth.
WASHINGTON— 7 ROOMS: BATH;
— «''•' nrst-clasa condition and location; 'large ■
garden.
91 9«_> Mason, nkak LOM a RD— B- room !
.- 1 — «J house and bath; newly renova.ed; rent I
$17. - ■• -•■-.>.;.
SUNNY 10- ROOM HOUSE: MODERN IM-
provements: low rent. 3522 Nineteenth st.
OUSKS TO RKNT FOR VERY LI J'TLK
money at BALDWIN & HOWELL'S, 10
Montgomery st. "!>■•''' '■•
1 99f> BUSH - SUNNY HOUSE; 9 KOOMS:
J »— v» yard; rent reasonable to a good tenant.
£. i, x 1731 BROADWAY. NKAR GOCGM-8
tiP"IV». iooiii<: 'Very convenience: marine view.
FUKMSUED HOUSES. -
1 Jflfi GROVE ST.-KURNISHED HOUSE 10
J lull rooms and bath: ; large tranien stable,
etc.: rent rt-asoi.able. Apply on premises or G. li.
UMBSKN. 18 Montgomery at.
riRMUHBD HOUSE: 10 ROOMS AND BATH;
1 ?2.t month: nr. s a n Krfae. lnquiie -1 ■ Turk.
UKXISHKD FLATS. "
agqC UPPER FLAT; 1650b HAVES ST. 1
t'u. block from park panhandle: 7 rooms;
bath: laundry. \\ M. N n m.. 534% California.
COTTAGES TO LKT.
COTTAGE, B* BOOMS, i\TH. LAUNDRY;
\J chicken-yard: line marine view; large lot; gar- j
den. 381 tS Greeu st., bet. Octavia and Laguna.
C*l r NICE COTTAGE; 5 ROOMS; BATH:
«J) -I «J. sunny; yard: cellar. Key 711 Treat aye.
SUNNY COTTAGES OF 4 AND 5 ROOMS,
0 bath: basement and yard; cheap. Cor. Dolores
and Filteemh sis.
JTIO LET- COTTAGE 5 ROOM* AND BATH;
i. rent $18. 449 Bryant st. ■
FLATS TO LKT;
9f)f|[; AND 2016:llOWARD ST.. BET. SIX- j
*-VJVJU teenth and Seventeenth— Flats. Band 9
rooms and ba".h,new. rent $23; rials, 5 and 6
room-* and bath, on Howard St., near Sixteenth,
rent $12 50.
1 7 NEW FLATS AND 9 NEW HOUSES
-1- • ready April 10; low rents. SPECK & CO.,
602 Market st.
1 91 9 AND 1220 MISSION, BET. EIGHTH
-I — -L— and Ninth— 9 rooms and bath; rent $40.
&>;" SUNNY FLAT 6 ROOMS, CAKPKTKO
0— O. and cooking range. Keys 8-8 Lombard.
Ql 1 .*©— BAY-WINDOW FLAT: 4 ROOMS.
t_ X 1 1364 Stevenson st . near Thirteenth.
VH X SU.NXY FLAT: 7 ROOMS AND BATH;
-> furnl.ure for s«a c- bargain.- 403 Third st.
si* 1 ft FLA 1 4 ROOMS. 43 Z> IE ST., NEAR
V JI '- Brannari, bet. Third and Fourth.
TH I'. NISHED LOWER FLAT OF 3 ROOMS;
i. large kitchen; large back yard; low rent. 607
Folk st.
EIGHTEENTH AND HARBISON— 4 LARGE I
Xv sunny rooms; yard and basement.
___^ 1
Qj 1 I AND $18: NEW FLA IV; NX. COR. I
Cl Go.den Gat* aye. and Lyou s:. : 5 and 6
rooms and bath each: all modern convenience! ;
newly p intt-d and decorated; see 1 hem. sit v I N'-
WALD, BUCKBEE & CO., 218-220 Montgomery
street. ■ . • ■
Ql A 14 ELLIOT PARK, OFF STEINERST.,
«JP-1-"X. near O'FarreU; nice house of 6 rooms
and bath, worth §5: Kood yard and neiuhborhood; :
water free; s;i;od cond.t.o 1.
BUCKK & COJ 218-2*20 .Mo tgomery st.
QOM 6 LARGE ROOMS: 2 STORY, WITH
•_—'■• large yard and stable; 4144 Twenty- fifth
Dt , roar Castro
$18—6 rooms: porcelain bath: 1417 Guerrero
St., nearTwenty-six'.h.
$16—5 rooms; porcelain bath; 542 a Castro St.,
near Nineteenth. - •- •
9 ROOMS A.ND BATH: 61 HERMANN (ST.,
cor Stevenson; $20 per month: all sunny.'
inne bush— FINELY FURNISHED sun-
XijyjO ny upper flat 6 rooms; bath; laundry;
rent reaaon«b'.c. »<*j.-.-.*- -.— - -. ■ ■ • ■
FLATS TO LKT FOR VERY LITTLE
money at BALDWIN <k HOWELL'S, 10 Mont-
( ornery si. •'•'■ " ■ ; ■' ■ ''
/ HEAP MODERN FLATS, b AND *6
- 'tooiiii. fH to if 16: «»« lli*-m.' 523 -•> ver. in st.
— i
HOISKKEKPIXG KOOMS.
JSartlett Street.
A\ A. BARTLETT, BKT. TWENTY-FtFTH
"At" and Twi-nty-slxth— 3 sunny rooms, fnr-
nlshed complete for housekeeping: with use of
bath and hot end cold water: uashtubs; $15.
1 Buchanan Street.
CftC) BUCHANAN— SUNNY BAY-WINDOW
\J\J*. and small kitchen, 1; with large, $15.
£u«h (-tree-.
CIA BUSH— NICE NEWLY" FCRNIBHED
" I " sunny rooms: convenient for housekeep-
ing; reasonable.
Capp Street.
OP.Fi CAPP— 3 FURNISHED ROOMS WITH
V>)<) bath, suitable for housekeeping: terms rea-
sonable.
Clementina Street. ■
AO-\ CLEMENTINA— SUNNY INFURMSH-
"UI ed room lor housekeeping: cheap. -
Eddy Street.
Q 1 EDDY— VERY NICELY FURNISHED,
Vi. * newly papered, sunny, connecting house-
seeping rooms. .. I
Jriith Mrees.
*9QI FIFTH— FRONT ROOM AND KITCH-
"^O2 en fm rushed for housekeeping cheap.
I olsoin stree;. '
HftA FOLBOM-2OR 3 NICE SUNNY FRONT
I \J~i housekeeping rooms, furnished or unfur-
nished.. .—.-'->,:;<• -r ;.:■:• -
. . Fulton" Street.
-I /"|O FULTON — FURNISH Kit CONNECTING
•J.VJO room for housekeeping: aas. etc
Oolden Gate Avenue.
lOTA OOLnEN GATE AYE. — 3 LARGE
XZ.X*' rooms complete for housekeeping: pri-
vate family.
iiuwarn Street. ' ■
C 99 HOWARD — UNFURNISHED HOUSE-
OZi&i keeping rooms: $2 to $8 month: waterfrre.
' Hyde Street.
OAO HYDK-4 FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
Zi\JO hou-ieke-^pln^; complete.
■•« •!■!•• Street.
OCFL JF.s.siK, KB. FIFTH— 3. FURNISHED I
Out/ housekeeping rooms: rant $15. ■ ',:..•;
•- oiu-« Mre»..
ri Q JONE a — SUNNY Ff.OOR OF 3 ROOMS !
OXO furnished for himekeuping: 10 a. ».. to 5
p. M ■
-McAllister Street.
4^99 MCALLISTER— NICELY FURNISHED
■**'*' housekeeping: a so single rooms.
SiiiiDi Stree;;
r )Afi MINNA- 2 NICELY FURNISHED
.■ vny^i sunny housekeeping rconi»- ,/•••--•,
aiission Street.
191 7 MISSION-2 NICELY FURNISHED
1 — 1 I bay-window suites; complete for house-
keeping.
1 9 M MIHMO.N . COB. NINTH— 3 CONNK T-
X»^OX ing housekeeping rooms: * .{ 50 a week.
Soe Street. ■ v
-iri -VOX, ••" BLOCK. ""NORTH MaRKKT-
JO I Large bedroom, kitchen with ranee, sta-
tionary tubs lath yard, $I..
Oak Street.
— *10: UNFURNISHED DOUBLE
1 O par.< T.i: first floor; sink and place for stova
Pearl street.
n PEARL, COR. JIAIfKKT, OPP OCTAVIA—
0 2 or 3 well-furnished housekeeping rooms. ■
X'ovrelt Street. /
Ql Q POWELL. >'R- CLAY— 4 ROOMS US-
OX «' furnished for housekeeping; top floor.
(seventh Street.
"I AC} SEVENTH ■- (GIRARD)— SUITES AND
L — kitchens ;aiao single rooms;newl? renovated
HOUSEKEEPING. ROOMS — Continued.
Silver Street.
ip' SILVER, NF.AR FOURTH — SUNNY
1 U») front room and kitchen; furnished fur
Louselceeping.
South Park.
09 SOUTH PARK— OR TWO SUNNY
«J— rooms furnished- for housekeeping; also
single rooms.
•» Mevennnn Street.
,-1 Q STEVENSON, RKAR— 2 SUNNY UN-
-01 O furnished rooms: yard and collar.
Muck ton Street.
-1 7AO STOCKTON-2 CONNECTING ROOMS
X 4 v'O furnished complete for housekeeping;
yard: cheap.-
iailrd s>rea:.
QQ 4 THIRD— 2 FURNISHED HOUSE-
-00 i keeping rooms, water Included, ?S.
Twenty-fifth Street.
11 V TY-F]TTH.FKW DOORS EAST
•3rl«J— of Castro— 2 sunny unfurnished rooms
suitable for IJLhi housekeep'nz: no children; bath
and iaunary; ladies only, rent St) a month.
"»»tn >e»( A»eun«.
909 VAN NESS (BELLVUE, CHANGED
&*)■& hands)— Newly tarnished sunny suites of
2 or 3 rooms; separate kitchens; gas ranges; com-
plete, ' , ; !,'*V ■:■
"Washington Street.
(A() WASHINGTON — SUNNY- UNFUR-
t)U- nished housekeeping rooms; running water.
■ ■ Miscellaneous.
rn 7 MONTGOMERY. COR. CLAY - OPEN
.o—4 until- t-::-t' o'clock; branch office ot Tut
' ail: mtxcriptlons *nd want ads taken.
ROOMS TO LET.
Bryant Avenuo.
9- 10 BRYANT AYE., NEAR TWENTY-
J.I IO fifth— Lovely furnished rooms; sunny;
near school; $12.
Bush Street.
nnft E U H— 2 SUNNY CONNECTING
''—."' front rooms; bath: running water; $10, $6;
both $15.
Diamond Street.
Aft DIAMOND ST.. NKA.R EIGHTEENTH—
1* ' Large, well-furnished front room, pretty cot-
tage, suitable for ludtes.
i.ticty Street.
I]O EDDY— NEAT, SUNNY ROOM; RUN-
-1 IO nine water; for gentleman: $6 00.
UOA EDDY. OPP. J.FFERsON MiUAK£-
IiOU Sunny furnished room suitable tor 2: ret
1 H;lm!i Street.
O-l ft EIGHTH. NKAR FOLSOM-3 LARGK
OIU rooms; rent $10.
C HERMAN APARTMKNT HOUSE. I'M SI H
0 su. near Market: lurnished and untarnished.
•»-iUs Street.
ROYAL HOUSE. 126 ELLIS— IK"ANDEB-
-cent ligh:s readini-room, smoktner-room and
ladles' par. or; rooms per night. 35c to $1 50;
week. £•_• to IfS; month, $8 to $30; elevator on
office floor; rooms with hot an i cold water: baths.
ROYAL EAGLE, OPP. BALDWIN— NEWLY
t furnished suites: single; elevator, heaters, e.c.
r*M ELLIH— SUNNY ROOM WITH CL 'SET,
1 — L use of bath, in private family rent $5.
. i- Hth str««..
THE COSMOPOLITAN — SELECT FAMILY
hotel: 100 . Fifth St., cor. Mission: rooms
50c, Too. aiid «1 per lilght.- $2 to 85 per week.
i wmm.i Street.
naai folsom — large, sunny FUR-
-4 i)D-> nished room, $5; also, (4 room; every
convenience.
COA >OI.SOM. NR. FOURTH— SUNNY', FDR-
O£VJ nished rooms; $1 week.
rourth Street.
Ql f* FOURTH — 2 SUNNY CONNECTING
0 1 U front rooms with lie of piano, $10 and $6;
both $15: other sunny rooms, cheap.
1 uiton Street.
3 FULTON (FULTON HOUSE) — NICELY
fnrnished ims; single or en suite: $8 &. $16 up.
Oeary Street.
91 7 GEARY," UNION SQUARE — SUNNY
-1 I rooms for doctor: also single room, $4.
. . Golden, <.*■.!■ Avenue. '. .-
-1 JA A GQLDEN GATE AYE.— NICE FUR-
J IUI ni.'hel room for two; rent $5.
Hayes street.
1 C)p IIAYES LARGE. SUNNY front
1 — rooms: neatly furnished: in private family.
Avcurny Street,
AJtLINGTO?T HOUSE. 327 KEARNY —
Pleasant sunny rooms, co suite and single; firs:
class in every respect: terms reasonable.
->i.t K-i Street.
V CSEMITF « HOUSE. 1045 MARKKT-PER
X night, 35c to $1 : week, ¥1 50 10 *5: families.
j'luna -"ret*..
999 MIN X A — NICELY FURXISHF.D
_ — rooms; suitable 2 gentlemen; aisj single
rooms. ■
O(KU MINNA— NICELY FURNISHED SIN-
OUU Rle front room: cheap; near Fifth.
)f)1 MINNA, NEAR SIXTH— NICELY FUR-
'IOI nished suuiiv front rooms, $5 to $9 month;
hot baths. ,
L'On MINNA, COX. EIGHTH— >EWLY FUH-
vU 4 nished bay-window rooms; $1 per week.
Mission street.
HANCOCK HOUSE, 7HI MISSION; FELECT
family roonilng-housa: $1 50 to $<J per week.
1 ftf'O MISSION — FURNISHED FRONT
J.UUO suites; others: no objection to children.
Ninth Street.
"I OAt NINTH ST.— LARGE, NEATLY FUR-
IOUg nished front room, sunny bay-window;
mantel and grate; $6tosB.
._. . ■ . •- 1 owe 1 Stree;.
91 1 POWELL— F.LEG A NTLY FURNISHED
•.1 I sunny apartments: new house: central.
(11 -214 POWELL (WILLISFORD)— NEWLY
— « I—l furnished, sunny rooms; telephone.
, ■ • San Carlos Avenue.
iri SAN CARLOS AYE.- SINGLE SUNNY
J i)l furnished front room: closet: cheap.
&i2LUi >roo .
9 A SIXTH. NEAR M.ARKET-N FUR-
nished sunny front suite.
9 K 1 SIXTH. ROOM 1 — >UNNY >ROST
—Ox room and a' so sunny housekeeping room*.
3O SIXTH— HILLSDALE— QUIET, SUN-
O i.y single' rooms: transients solicited.
-Itir siXTH-CHEAPKST IN THE CITY:
l—») double and single fro:it rooms.
''Mookton Place.
THE EUROPEAN, 17 STOCKTON— FUR-
nished rooms, single, $1 50 to $3 per week;
suites, $4 to (9 per week ; by the night, 5Jc to $2;
hot ana cold water, bath and elevator. .
setter Street.
QflQ SUTTER— ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
'jyjit sunny rooms '.or single gentlemen or man
and wife; references.
Turk Street. .
1If»T U R X — LARGE SUNNY SUITES
-I X\) handsomely furnished; single; board optul
Taylor Street.
1 l\Q TAYLOR-LAIiGE aUNNY ROOMS, »7
X*'O at.d $9.
Tenth Street.*
m TENTH. NEAit MARKET— 2 LARGE
sunny iront rooms. • :..:.".
Third Street.
TMPERIAL. 17 THIRD— NICELY FUR-
X nished roonn; tourists a specially: transient.
Twenty-Bru Street.
QQO9 twknty-fir^tT cor. guerrero-
tj«>t/_ sunny bay-«iudow suites and single,
with board: reasonable.
:>.- el Innruui.
SW. COR. SIXTEENTH ST., NEAR MISSION.
C branch office of lux Call Subscriptions and
want ado taken.
l^^l^^l^ „ STOKAGK.
STORAGE-ROOMS, 25x10, *3 PER MONTH?
rooms lOx IV, «'-•: new and dry. DECKER.
1020 Market st. - r.^«.o.n.
I>KDCCi-D RATES, FURNITUuE, PIANOS,
IX household gooUs, etc. J. M. PiJEBCiS, 785 Mkb
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 7, 1897.
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
on" FAIR OAKS— CICELY FURNISHED
• >~>J sunny bay-window room, suitab c for a
persons, with board; reasonable.
-91 POST— SUNNY ROOM FOR 2. FINE
•J— 1 board, $40; also sing!* rooms: good home.
HOTEL FAIRMOUNT..I7I4 MARKET— NOW
open under new management; has been ar-
tistlialy tinted, paperel and elegantly furnished
throughout: hot and cold water In every room :
elevators and every modern convenience; parties !
now can have choice o; carpets and furniture; the j
table, under - the supervision or Kowasiiie, the
well-known French chef, will be unsurpassed.
71 9 POST-1 LARGE SUNNY FRONT !
• •» — room, with board; also single room.
QOJ HOWARD— NICELY FURNISHED SUN-
t/Otl ny rooms, with or without board, from $4 up.
CAQ.VAN NESS AYE— NEWLY, FUR-
yJKJvJ liisned tunny rooms or suite, with toard.
1/101 VAN KKS!i . COR. BCSH-PARLOR
-•■ •"! suites; single and double rooms; board.
HOTEL BKB'rUXO. 714 H- Sli-A FAMILY
hotel: reference*: a': modern conveniences.
CUILDUK.N BUAKDED. *•
PLEA-ANT HOMEFOR CHILD; MOTHER'S
care: terms reasonable. Call 5 (Stanley place.
off Harrison si. EE&3M3K^S!
TV" A N TE D-l OR 2 CHILDREN TO BOARD;
»» Rood, cere. Apply 27 1 Crescent aye.
Thlrt\-io:ir;hst.
r A.NTKi'-A BABY TO BOARD; CAN FUR-
'» nlsh references. 268 Thirteenth st.
OULO LIKE TO BOARD 1 OK 2 CHILDREN
" over 2 years: good home and mother's care.
Apply 71 Natomast.
PLEASANT JJOMK FOR CHILD AT 1727 Me-
.i- A Ulster st. ; terms reasonable. :  .
STOKES TO LET.
STORE TO LET— SW. COR. PACIFIC AND
LeaVM.worih sts.; suitable lor drugstore or
general merchandise. Apply 1525 Leaven worth.
QI Q STORE: 5 LIGHT ROOMS: E-.TAB-
V 1 O. llshed saloon 12 yrs. 911 Folsom.nr.Flfth,
CIIUAK-STORE WITH FIXTURES TO LET;
) 1739 MlBsioa. Inquire next door.
STOKE— 3 SHOW WINDOWS AND 2 ROOMS:
rent cheap. 1802 Howard St., cor. Fourteenth.
rPAILOR-HOP. WITH 4 ROOMS: PRINCIPAL
X street.San Rafeel. J.CARTI.bo.x 898, San Rafael.
I^OR RENT— BAKBKR-SUUP; FINE LOCA-
ton: cheap rent. Apply to CAPP & DUNN,
1200 Market st
LARGE STORE, 2 SHOW WINDOWS AND
4 large rooms; rent on y $22 60. 422 Sixth.
A 1 iK FOURTH— SMALL STORE WITH ROOM
"IAU in rear: low rent. Apply to G. H. UMBSEN
A CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
EDUCATIONAL.
* NDERSON'S ACADEMY AND SCHOOL OK
-TV hematics: pupils prepared In day and
evening classes and by private lessons for Calior-
nia and Stanford universities: teachers,' marine
engineers' and civil servica examination; special
iv's classes; mathematics, mechanical drawing; I
high school pupils coached. R., 402 Parrot, bldg.
A SCHOOL OF PHYSICAL CULTURE AND
Klooution. 1215 Octavla st., >a;j Francisco.
Mli-S KLiZA MACKINTOSH, pupil of Professor
O. W. Baynham, Glasgow, Scotland, and graduate
of the School of Oratory. Philadelphia. Pa.,
teacher. Office days, Friday p. v . Saturday a m.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST—
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, telegraphy, languages, English branches,
• « r;c»; engineering: to teachers; 16,0UU gradu-
ates; day and evening sessions; catalogue.
AYRES\ THE LEADING COLLEGE. 3'J*
J\ HcnUromerT st. : Jndividnal Instructloa la
shorthand, typing bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.-
IHe scholarship 50: low rate* per week and ml.
SHORTHAND. TYPEWRITING SCHOOL;
0 lmscllsh, German: pivate or class; low rates.
Room 32. Donobue building, over the Maze.
BELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. & and 12. 1.0.0. F. block. 7iu and Mkt.
LEO COOPEH. SCHOOL OF ACTING AND
Opera. Pantomime and Aciln;; study of reper-
toire and vocal music 81 4 Geary st.
"L^NGINKERING SCHOOL; MIiCH.. ELEC
civil, oiinins. survey, as»»v, archlf.. X ray
tautht; eg.lB«t. A. VAN DKR NAILLKN.933 Mkt
ENGLISH, LATIN. MATHEMATICS! MISS
BOULSTON, teacher, 724 O'FarreU si.
piA.M) TAUGHT IN SIX MONTHS: NEW,
J. quick method: $2 60 per month. 323 Hyde.;
BANJO TAUGHT TO BEG INN I : P.S. 26 CENTS
per lesson. Add.ess A., box 78, < all Ofiice.
ANDOLIV, TAR— AMATEUK PLAY-
ers to join cud. Pi OF. Ml-. KKI, 225 Geary.
PIANO, GERM AN, 76c; PUPIL LEIPSICCON- I
1 servaiory and German High School. 110 Mydest
AMY J. DEAS, 405 MCALLISTER— VOICE
S\. culture.piano:pri.les.s2 hr, vocal classessl mo.
pOOKKPNO. WJ'.ITNG. ARllHMic. UIUMH,
duv <t night; no classes: $5 1:10:1. ii. «45 Mission.
SINGING; PIANO: PARIS GRADUATE;
French, (ieimun languages; $2 mo. 109 Taylor.
/I UITAK, MANiiULIN. PiA.Vii A Sit \ :>*-. v-
VJT lessons. Si mo. Alary Wcsthau^, XV Fifth.
ÜBSCRIPTIONS AND WANT ADs FOR THE
call taken at branch ulUce, i.o» Hayea su;
open until i»:S0 o'clock. -
.-CHEAPEST AND EKST IN AMERICA— THE
V' WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year lor *1 50, post-
i>«e free
MEDICAI..
ALL CASES OF MONTHLY SUPPRESSION
(from whatever cans-) restored In a few
hours: «afe and sure at any time: Instant relief for
travelers; home in confinement; best care and
privacy; regular physician; 30 years' successful
practice: my celebrated remedies for monthly j
suppression never fail: every case guaranteed:coit-
mi: ration Jr. c, contiden tal ; noun To to 5; pillisL
JiRS. DX. WYi-.Tii, 916 Post su, near Larkln.
Di.. J. H. JO.-&ELYN, THE GRKAT SPECIAL-
ist, still offers his uah.e services to the un-
Jor:uuate. With a mind ma ured and enriched by j
studies of an advanced order, there is hardly a
disease In the catalogue or human ills be cannot
treat to a perfect c. re. Ladles, he Is always ready
10 assist you. His knowledge has teen strength- '
ened by extensive experience. No case peculiar ]
to your delicate organism Is beyond his sure con- !
trol. His female monthly rnnedirs are sure aud i
*»fe in their eff -civ His tried and valuable reme- i
dies for lost manhood are -never-failing in their |
action, and are warranted for both yount; find old.
He excels all others in the cure of private diseases, i
Over 6J years of practice euab.es him to warrant
a cure In all cases. Consultation parlors. WJ6
Market st. Call or write direct to 90U Market X,
rooms 11 and 12.
A PROCESS THAT IS PERFECTLY HARM-
XL less: never falls In any case of monthly sick-
ness, no motter what cause; no elec.ricity hum-
bug or other dangerous methods; money In every
case refunded if a core is not effected; travelers
helped immediately; years' experience; home la
confinement with sanitarian convenience, con-
sult tree the only reliable physicians, DR AND
MRS. DA VIES, 14 McAllister su, uext HibernU
Bank: hours. 9 a. m. to 6 and 7 to 8 p. *.
A N.&W PROCESS— NO MEDICINE OH IN-
-•■ Btrumeut .ed: ev«try , worn no her own physi-
cian for all female troubles, no mater from what
cause: resto.es always in one day: tan be sent
and nsed a: home; positive cure: genuine new
pri-cess can only be had at my oflice: advertised
20 years. DH. POPPKR, 318 Kearuy St.
A PROCESS THAT NEVER 1 AILS TORE-
J\. store every case of monthly sickness from
whatever cause in a few boars when msdlcines
and others have failed; no instruments used:
many years' experience: every case guaranteed;
advice free; terms reasonable; fir»t-cla3s private
home for continenicnu MRS. DR. Jj.iLKV, 1123
Market st., over the Owl Drugstore.
DR. FOULK'I'S FRKNCH CAPSULES— A.
guaranteed absolute cure for all female dis- I
ease* (no ma'.ter what cause): positively safe and
ture. no aanc -r or after effects: taken in Urn* is
also actj as a preventive: pried $1 60 per box:
sent free by mail on receipt vt nn.u- V\ ALL Kit
BROS., 53 Gram aye.
Dl. AND MRS. W; OEM-R. 5^6 BUOY ST.:
private home; every comfort: separate rooms
before and uuritit; condnemeni: female complaints
skillfully treated; regular physician quick relief
for travelers: test care; terms moderate; babies
adopted In good families; consultation free; pilisf2.
DRS. OOODSVIN. SPECIALISTS. LADIES
near or far: safe, quick • cure guaranteed, any
disease or complaint: home for patients; best skill,
free diagnosis; low fees; self-cure. 401 Van Ness |
A LPEAU S FRENCH PILLS—A BOON TOLA- !
Jr\. dies with female troubles; no danger- safe and
sure: 92 60exi re<ts C. O. D. don't delay until too
late. ObGOOD BROS. Coast Ageuts. Oakland ;C*L
A SURE CURE FOR ALL FEMALE DIS.
XV eases from whatever c.ius*: a home In con-
finement with every comfort? satUfactluu guar-
anteed by MRS. GWYER, 22tt Turi at .
ALL FEMALE COMPLAINTS AND DIS-
XX. ease-t of the eye r>ermaneully cured at MRS.
DR. SCOTT'S, 410 Geary st ; consultation free.
I\V PRAE'^ FEMALE RKOULATING PILLS;
Xt safe and efficient emmenazogue: $1 per box.
RICHARDS CO.,druggists. 406 Clay su.soleagts,
DON'T FAIL TO CONSULT Dii. JORDAN AT
his museum, 1051 Market st. bis SO year,*
■Dccessfui practice Is a cu?.rauie*of fair treatment
ii..- worse cases treated sallsfaeiorily by mail.
TTN^URPAMSED REMEDIES FOR FEMALE
U troubles, diseases. MRS.DH.P UETZ,2S4Vi*th.
HOME, A FRIEND AND MOTHERS CARS.
MRS. DR. NKE. 1416 Eighth st. A lamed*.
I »R. HALL, 14 McALLISTKR STREET, K£.A4
' J ' Jones. Diseases of women anil children.
PERSONALS.
GENILEMAN IN GOOD CIRCUMSTANCES
VT and appearance desires the acquaintance of a
la iy In financial standing; view to ma rimony. G.
L-, box 29.. Ca1l Office. s
MR. G. GALLI ANNOUNCES TO THF, PUB-
lic that he has bought the fruitstore of MR. A.
RENA It! situated at 2125-2127 Polk St., free
from any debts or credits.
ADIK EVANS' COSMETIC PARLORS RE-
moved to 7 Grant aye., rooms 1, 2 and S.
MM K. MYRTLE POTTER. REMOVED FROM
1362 Market st. to »3 Sixth, room 17.
fTIHEOILOF LIFE."
X VITA OIL, as its name Indicates, Is a i:f*-jriver
and life-saver;- cures, sprain 1, bruises. lameness !
and soreness; $1 a bottle, 6 for $5, $10 a gallon* I
charges prepaid. Address 15. 3 BUCHANAN ST.
VERY FOPvM ~ "
EVERY FORM
of chronic di-ease, nervous, mental and vital.
including RHEUMATISM, speedily and perma-
nently cured by DR. SMITH'S. ELECTRO-MAG-
NKI'iCBATiiS. Don't wait too long. Hygienic
board: sunny rooms. 1533 BUCHANAN ST.
RELIABLE AND EFFICIENT DKTKCTIVE
-Lt service. Rtoms.l9 20 and 21, Chronicle Oldg. j
1 f\i\(\ BUSINESS cards PRINTED, $1 60:
lUUUiiiOw cards, etc. HILL, 2- Vi Geary st.
HYPNOTISM TAUGHT, $10: DISEASi-S
and habits cured. Dr. Reekefs Institute, 1346
Market st.
DVICK FRKE: DIVORCE LaWk A l-FKC-
lalty: private; no fee wiihous success: pro-
bate, Insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale'
dan- ages, etc. : private detectives: estab. 10 years.
G.W.HOWE, af.y-at-iaw, 850 Market, cor.St'ockta
SPAN FORTUNE-TELLER FROM THE
East 223 Post St., room 17.
MMX. ROWLAND, PALMIST; MAGNETIC
treatments a specialty. Room ], 223 Post st.
MMX. BEAUTY PARLOUS: GEN-,
ulue magnetic treatments. Km. 3, 995 Market
PRIVATE DETECTIVE WORK DONE REA-
| X souable: 10 years" experience: all maitcrs
confidential. O.R. WEBSTER, 1027 Market, rm. 6.
T AM MAKING ENLARGEMENTS AND IM-
X provem-nis all the time: constantly increas-
ing patronage will allow me to do it; the very best
hair-dres<l[ig in ihe city 25c, no variation;
switches, $1 and $2; best hair, grays included.
$2 50 and *3. ■ G.'LKDEKEK, 111 Stockton si.,
nearest Geary.
MISS JKS-IE AND LIZZIK KEEGAN, LATE
."I with G. Ledertr. expert, hairdresser, ayeing
and bit-aching « specialty. 124»/a O'Farrell St.,
Ihiii.i- Brown 853.: .
UITS TO ORDER ON INSTALLMENTS: $1
Oa week. N. Y. Tailoring Co., 115 Kearny. Upstairs
rrUVO RENOWNED ITALIAN RESTAU-
-1 rants combined: F. DELMuNTK & CO., pro-
prietors of the o.d Bnon Gusto Restaurant, 4.11
road »•. ii v. have consolidated with MR. ANUELO
DKLMONTK. proprietor of the celebrated Fior
d'ltalla at 4SO-452-434 Broadway, just opposite.
HHUFSI IIMIDT. SANITARY PLUMBER, I
. gashtter. 623 Golden Gate ay. TeL,Suuer47l.
WALLPAPER ATCOST:PAINTING. I^APKR-
'» hanging and Interior decorations our specialty;
best workmen only. "MEKIHA.X," 1302 Webster.
AG.MSCOPE — NEW PROJECTING MA-
chine; üb>-s the kloetoscope llims; price re-
duced. $150 BACIUALLPI, 946 Market at.
u> I A DOZEN— FINE CAHlXtio — • %»««•
«Jp± (..ailerr. 1028 Market.
JJIG OUTDOOR bTKRKOPTI(J(}.\ SHOW EVE-
-1 > ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts.: artistic ad-
vertisements in living light: promoters of bust*
cess. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1 140 Market st.
c eyrr .MONTGOMERY ST., BRANCH OFFICE!
UAI iriiHti'AU; want «d4 -Mid nuaacripHotu
taken. R^dß
l-ARTINGTON'b rCHUOL OF MAG\ZINE
i and Newspaper Illustration: particulars as 10
terms, etc. 424 Pine a: : illustrations -.uri^ianeu
for uiugannej. newspapers, etc
RtPTLKr. AND PILES CURED: NO PAY
until cured: send for book. drs. JuaN^
FIELD & POKTKKFIELD. h3S Market s'..
LKCTRIO LlOHl'.-S IN EVERY ROOM;
Winchester House. 44 Third su, nr. Market;
100 rooms. 25a to $1 M> per night: $1 60 to $6 per
week; tree bus and baggage to and from the terry.
CLOAKS, KDiIS A.mi »Ull'a RETAILED At
\J wholesale prices. Factory, '.'0 btmotna st.
I7IHEAPEBT AND BEST IN AMERICA— TUB
\J WEEKLY < ALL, sent to any address In the 1
United Suites or Canada one year for $150, post- !
a« free. .
i ■
DRESSMAKERS.'
DRKSSES FROM $2 50 UP; CAPES. $1 UP;
LJ wrappers. 60c up. 431 Minna St. I
. ;
: - CLAIRVOYANTS. : —
MRS. OK. F. CLARK. THE WORLD'S MOST |
famous medium of modern times. Don't fall j
to >«• her if you are interested In the affairs of life; i
| if marriage, sickness, deaths, changes, travels, di-
■ vorces, separations, lawsuits, business transac- J
I tions, wills, deeds ■• D.I mortgages, lost or stolen i
! 1 1 fit.-, lost or absent Irlends, interest you: if
you care to know what you should do to be suc-
cessful, where you should go and whom to avoid, .
when to buy and sell sioiks, etc.: In a word, what- j
ever may be your trouble, suspicions or desires, 1
call on this girted woman and she will send you ,
away happier, wiser and bolder than ever before.
Hours 9a.M.to 8 p. ii., strict. N. B.— Satisfaction
{ guaranteed by mall. ml stamp for pamphlet,
I special terms. MRS. DR. P. CLARK, 1206 Mar-
ket st., parlor* "5 and 16. lake elevator.
MME. DX THOMAS. SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
er by ec^s and cards: tells entire life, pan:,
present, future: consultations on all affairs: noth-
lug excepted; names given: good ad vies: sura
help; restores lost lov» by sympathy; mistake Im-
possible: tee »1: letter $2. b29 Post aU, nr Lark'.o.
ME. LE NORM AND, WEIRD WIZARDESS
of the w rid: Hie charts; trance character
delineations, $j 50; readings, 25c; by mail $1.
1 Polk st.
"lIIOKLD RENOWNED GERMAN FORTUNE-
'» teller, returned from Kurope: life iro:u cradle
to grave: bet picture husband or wife; fee 50c
aud up. 116 a Grant aye.. room 19.
MMr.. MELBOURNE. GIFTED CLAIRVOY-
ant: never fails; call and lie convinced. 419
Geary su, room 22, second fi or: onl.- 25c.
XI MX. LKGGETTE. LIFF-RKADER; BUSI-
i'l am advice; friendship r< stored; one price,
20c. 311 I ■ li.iu.:i St., near l-ourth.
■J^REK! FRF.«! FOR FEW DAYS ONLY—
JL Fortnne-teliini; taughu 1 Fifth st., room 1.
MM 1. MUIiEAI, BKSTCLAIRVOYAM'AND
medium In city: fee 25c up. 764 Howard st.
!. . _
MMX. RAVEN. READS LIFE FLUENTLY.
l'l business advice: names given; 2&c up.s Fuurth
ETHEL AY. CLAIRVOYANT. CARD READ-
er and palmist. 1 iti j Mission St.. bel. Vthaud Mh
MIS^ MELVILLE, W}■ ITTkNOWN CLAlR-
voyaat. 51 Fifth su: v.»; r readln.s specialty.
GIPSY LIFK- HEADER, 3 SKVENH ST.:
ladies 25c, gents 00c: all questions answered.
AIMK. SYBILLE TELLs FROM CRADLE TO
l'l grave: picture* piven:l»dles Vsc: I<l4 U*Farr»ll.
SPIRITUALISM.
-WRITING AND ALL PIIASIS OF
medtutnahip as practiced by, Karle, Millr,
Garrison, liar and and others, taught in 1 hour:
every test explained. R. A., box 147, call Office.
QFIRITLWLIsTIC SLA IE - WRITING SK-
O auce 10 night; 25c. PROFESSOR WILLIAM,
225 Geary st.
\\ MX. OSMA-N, SPIRITUAL TRANCK MK.DI-
i'l urn; lite readings, love ufr.irs. business in vest-
ments, ml 11 Ing speculations a speciality. B3B Mission
MRS. HARLAND, KNTRANCKD BY SPIRIT
J'l Lolo gives messases, 2 and Bpm., 136 sixth
St.; 15.-.
A TEST MEETING: Bp. x.: JOe, 335MCAI,
lister: Stilt, Clemens o;hers; skfivlcs Invited.
mLARKIX, 8 P. M , KTHKREALIZING
ana mateiiAilzing by C. V. MILLER: 25c.
MRS lilts, P^YOIiOMETRIBT; ORES
examined; readings $1. 112y 3 Ouksu
ViK-. C. J. MKYKR, 326 MCALLISTER ST.;
i'l tests to all: clr. 2 to 8 P. m.; 10c; sit imrn.— —
MRS. J. J. v HITNEY. SPIRITUAL MEDIUM,
for messages and advice. 218 Stockton su
AM. ri.A.NuS l-.DKPKNDKNT sLaTE
. writer. 118 ii-.i'.Ai at-: hours 9 until OP. M.
MRS. H. A. GKIFFIN-CUt. SUN. KVK.; 25c;
test mtg. Thur. eve.; Htss daily. 4-^(>i /a Grove
. .iv.'v.V'..:^hypnotism. '\ ":-\ ..'■
HYPNOTISM CUKES WHKN~auTeIsE
fails: also taught. Hypnotic Inst.. 6 O'Farrell.
• PHRENOLOGY.
PROF. BEHRENS READS CHaRACTEK BY
the head of men and women as an open book;
adaptability in business and marriage. 131 Mont-
gomery M.
LEU AL NOTICES. '
THK COPARTNERSHIP HEKETOFORE EX
>sting between the undersigned and FRANK
H. KNO V . under the firm name of EN OS &
HENAS. was dissolved March 31. 1897. and the
undersigned hereby give* notice thai he will tot
be responsible for any bills or liabilities of said I
firm con tract after March 31, IbO 7 ; all persons
owing said firm are notified not to pay any sum of
money to Raid KNOS on account or any sum due
.said hrm, and that . the. undersigned will alone
collect all bills and pay all liabilities of said firm
up to said -mi- 11 •mil. ' . . ■
-Dated San Francisco Cat.,. April 1. 1897.
I M. HEN A>, 423 Davis St.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
CIHEAP HOUBH AT
\J NORTH BEACH.
$1203 only; 2-story house of 5 rooms: also rear
house of 2 rooms; rent $10: close to Pacific and
Mason sts. BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
————————————
SNAPS ON EAPY TEKMS. ~
$700 each— Fine level lots on 11th and 12th
ares., bet. I ake and California sts< : 25x120 each;
street sewered and macadamized: terms $50
ca<b. balance $10 monthly; only 7 lots leu; you
will have to be quick.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
• . 10 Montgomery st.
TirKsTEttN ADDITION
*> P.'RK PANHANDLE
LOTS $13i'O.
Selling very fast; many fine Improvements are
in course of construction; see the lots fronting on
Frederic*, Stanyan, (o.e, nhrader and Beulah
sts.; all lots large and level; oil streets graded,
sewered and macadamized; near the Atiiliated
Colleges: no section of our city is advancing so
rtpid y : no lots in this district are as cheap as
these by 20 to 25 per cent: see them at iinc»: sell-
ing very fast. BALDWIN * HOWr;LL,
10 Montgomery st.
——_—______ ...
OMETHINu TO BE
1RO11) OF..
A home in the Castro-st. Addition, and you ran
own one If you will ; rices for fine home lots only
$350 to $401); terms only $5 mom 'y; remember
the street 1 in the Castro-st. Addition are all
gr ded, sewered and macadamized: near the
eiectric-cars: go to-day without f-il.. Din-crlons:
Take the Guerrero-st. electric-cars (Mission or
Valencia transfer at 14th s ), ride to 30th and
transfer, then rd; 3 or 4 minutes to the corner of
Castro and Cheuerv at.
BALDWIN & HOWELI,
10 Montgomery st.
A BIG MONEY IN REAL ESTATE.
. BIG MONEY IN REAL ESTATE.
IN BUYING
Good judgment must be us -d.
Don't waste your money foolishly.
Let us show you safe and paving investments.
$*00 "
Will start you to be a landlord.
$ 1000— A coiner: cozy cotlagf ; sunny; Mission.
$2400— 7-room house on Powell, nr. Washington.
$3:-IoH— Hfgant new <;■.,.: cottage on Fell st.
$35u0— 10- room house on Minna; rents S4j.
$3700—3 collages: stable; lot 50x114 feet: very
Cheap
*4roo-3 elegant flats; bargain-hunters, see us.
$70U0— 6 lew flan, W. A.: rents if 7s.
912.010— Husine3s corner; tine improvements:
rents $102: 76 it. fro.it: cneap at $18 000
$30,0J0-O'Farreil, nr. Mason su ; 50x112; good
lm| rovemen a: offer wanted.
$35,0.0— Business property; block frora Bald-
win; 60 ft. front
Other bargains at SPECK & CO-'S, 602 Market.
G-IA Finn ELEGANT RESIDENCE; 2-
ripj \J.*J\J\J. story, basement and attic; bil-
liard, store rooms, etc.; lot 25x137:6: house alone
lost *10.UOO: this is a grea: sacrifice: see owner
on premises, 727 Goldea Gate aye., bet. Franklin
and Gough.
I OT 80x106, ON THE EAST LINE OF ASH-
J-« bury si., south 160 feet from Frederick; for
sale. H. FOESTEN, 423 Bush st.
ACRIFICE; SW. COR. TWENTIETH ST.
0 on:i Treat aye.; 25x110. Herb Institute, 1205
Market st.
SEE THOSK NEW HOUSES ON WKB-TKR
a  bet. V« lej > and Green: > illmore-s . car*
one block; modem In every particular: finished in
natural wool,: very sunny: flue mariii" view;
owner will show house to-day; small cash pay-
ment If desired.
BoVEE, TOY & SOVNTAG, Agents.
SO Montgomery st.
C« C li!'.ill\
/. real ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
324 MONTGOMERY st.
FOR SALE.
Choice building lot on Army and 27th sts.; close
to electric road.
«450— Carlos Villa lot: 100x160 feeu
50x127:6 feet on Jackson aL. overlook-
Ing the Presidio and bay.
$5500—2 modern houses of 8 rooms each at
rark: 25x137:6 reet; electric roaa passes houses:
make oner.
*8500— Elegant NW. corner of Cole and Carl sts.
t bOO— Choice building lots north of park.
Bargain— SW. cor. Fifth ay. and C St.: 109x95 ft.
SACRIFICE: SW. COR. TWENTIETH ST.
_ aud I rent aye., 25x110: grand park lots,
sunny side Page. 37:6 from corner West blirader.
50x100. Owner, Herb lnstltui>-. 1205 Market st.
CjOCrCrv FOR SALE ON I ASY TERMS; 5
«!r ) *'*-cH". rooms and bath: new cottage on Fol-
sum st. Inquire 410 Keamy St., room 10.
LOT- ON 43D AYE. AND T ST. FoR SALE
very reasonable; no uceuts; also lots In Ocean
View. 6 1 ■> (jo'den Hate avt-.
Q>O9jjn WILL BUILD AN ELEGANT B-
♦s— i.v'U roon'. 2-story dwelling, porcelain bath,
wood mantels, etc.: $3201) for 11-room, 2-flal
building; $1600 for 6-r>'<>m coaagf; call and s c
plans, specifications, etc.: same submitted tor any
kind 01 building. W. W. REDNALL, Builder,
1326 Hayes st.
I)AXD>BUKfi, KEI'.N COUNTY. MINKS.
J\i bnlldlnc sites and business investments: reli-
' able information. C. 11. MOORE, 935 Market st.,
room 4; branch office at Kaudsburg.
ONLY 1 LE'rT— NEW HOUSES. JUST COM-
pleted: sunny aide Cole st.. near Waller; 10
.rooms; large lot, 125 feet deep; street to be bilu-
mlnited. Applr on premises.
i ' PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
1 f\Ci HOUSKS AND LOIS, $100 TO $18,000
1 \J\J 150 ranches, all sizes. $200 to 6.000
200 business places, from *25 to 5,000
, WHAT HAVE YOU TO OFFER?
U. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
ELEGANT NKW 10-ROOM FLATS; 2FAMI-
lies: lot 25x112:6: barn, fences walks: ail
complete; lioaiki cold water: cash $1900 xmall
payment down, balance mortgage at 7 percent.
Address S. It., box 3, Call Otlire.
EXCHANGE— IN BERKELEY; LARGE. (OR-
X-i neriot, near Ash by station: also in Tehachapi
Valley, Kern County, 654 acres tor untiu proved
or improved city properly. Address J. 8. , box 63,
this otlic<>.
—— — —^»^^^— —^^
MONEY TO LOAN.
nO.OCO ON LIFK INSURANCE POLICIES
tjpll/ low Interest. JOS. B. ; OPLITZ, 33J Pi c.
A LOANS ON FUR.MTUKE OR PIANOS.
. In S. F., Oakland or Alameda, at lowest rates;
without removal: uo commissions: no delays.
J. NOO.VAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission si., above Sixth.
telephone Jessie 41.
HIGHLY' RE^PKCTABLE AND PRIVATE
place to obtain liberal advances on diamonds
and Jew el ry of the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
S:ore, 948 Market at.: telephone Green 204.
cjonn nnn AT 61 * PJSK cent on city
«J}OV/V/.ULIU real estate; also Oakland: estate*,
life Insurance, second mortgage, any sura. Man-
hattan Loan Co., 10 Mills building, ground floor.
ANY AMOUNT: IST, 2D:OR 3D MORTGAGE-*.
(states, undivided Interests, real estate in pro-
bate; furniture and pianos without removal.
UcCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery c:.. room 3. -
i IBKRAL ADVANCE ON DIAMONDS, JEW-
I-< elry. etc: low interest. Cut-rate Loan Office,
r. 7, Flood bld , 809 Market; teL brown 191.
ffljyO- ||j|||A< BANK KATKi: IST AND
ijpO-U.UI/U 2d mortgages, estutev rents, etc.:
lend as low m $50. H. MURPHY. 623 -Market
WHY PAY HIGH INT. ON >-Ma..L LOANS?
We loan at 55c interest per mo. on each $100
on 2d mortgage; any security. Gold, box 4, Call
<£!^fin TO loan, a, BOX 74, call
tJpUUU Office.
ON FURNITURE; VERY LOW INTEREST;
no commission. SCR I B. NT; R, 7 City Hall aye.
MONEY' TO LOAN ON CITY REAL ESTATE:
any amount. WILLIAMS, 214 Pine sU, r. 3.
;
ffi»?rri TO $50,000; LOWEST KATE; IST A 2D
tJ*O\J mortg.: any proposition. Dryaen, 413 Mont
'
ANY SUM, IST OR 2ND MORTGAGES, Es-
tates in probate, etc. Km. 7. 508 California, su
f\X\ FURNITURE AND PIANOS; No RK-
V/moval: low rates; private party. 219 Powell, r. 3.
ON PIANOS AND FURNITURE. WITHOUT
removal very low interest. 116 McAllister st.
FINANCIAL.
ffljCAfin WANTED, ONE YEAR; SECUR-
\l\l\-l ity, 2000 acres first-class gran land;
lnteiest 9 percent. A. W., box 10s, Call Office,
TLTTLE LOFITS. LAND AGENTS. . NE-
-1 gotiate 6^o Market «-., opp. Palace Hotel.
ATTORNEYS- AT-LAW.
A DVICE FREE: DIVORCE LAWS A SPEC-
-l\ ialty; private; no lee without success: probate,
insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale, deeds,
damages, etc; private, detectives; estab. 10 years.
G. W. HOWE, 850 Market at, corner Stockton su
ADVICE FREE; NO CHARGE UNLESS SUO
JOL cessfnl. W. W. DAVIDaON. 927 Market su
RW. KINO, ATTORNEY-AT-LAW, CHRON-
• lcle building; ad vivo tree: low fe •: all cases.
PARTNERSHIP NOTICES.
THi? COPARTNERSHIP HEKE TOFOKE Ex-
listing between J. P. RODE an i CHR. NlEi.-
SEN, with business-places at 431 Jes»le st. and
1199 Market su, under the firm name «>f HOD.'. «jt
NiEL EN, was dissolved April 3.1897 by mu-
tual consent. J. P. RODE continues business at
sail 1199 Market st. and C. « IKI, K> a: said 4 .1
Jessie bl, each assuming liabilities of said respec-
tive places. J. p. RODE.
CHR, NIELSEN.
Dated, San Francisco, April 1/1897.'
BICYCLES.
BARGAINS IN 1 SECOND-HAND WHEELS;
JLJ high grades in perfect running order from $25
upward. Golden Hula fiucaar Cycle Department,
'id Geary su
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
A N UNQUESTIONABLE. BARGAIN; COST
XV $40,000; will be sold for $20,000: 230 acres.
4.« acres b^ing best wiie grapes. 10 acres in
prunes, •_■ acres pears; house 7 rooms in good con-
. itlon; largr barn, stone • win ry, tanks, hvdraullc
press; complete for wineamklrig: water piped from
springs; horses, cows, furniture, buggies, wagon:
everything complete: living trout stream: deer,'
quail, etc. ; nice grounds: 3 miles from St. Helena
in a lovely valley: presen-s a picturesqe loca ion
(idf) ACRES IN MONTEREY COUNTY. 5
«lv miles from cood railroad town: a portion
now under cultivation, balance I:; pasiuie, making
it a tine Iv g or catlie ranch; tine well and run-
ning wa.er: house of 5 rooms: 2 good bams; all
farming tools; price $25 per acre.
WE HAVE 4. VERY CHOICE LOTS IN THE
" town of Helmont, beautifully situated for su-
burban homes: will be s >id accoralng to the times:
Invenisate this; easy terms.. --•'.»::
EDWIN K. ALSIP & CO., room 29, second
floor. Mills building, »an Fran. isco.
AS EXECUTOR OF THE ESTATE OF MAR-
«aret P. McCourtney, deceased. I will sell to
th • highest bidder lor cash the following described
169.01 acres in Monterey County, i. c. : Lots 1
and 2, sec 30. Tp. 'it, S. of R. 14, aud K.lVfe of NE.
1/4 Of sec. 25, Tp. 24 S. of R. 13 E.. M. D. M. Ap-
piy RICHARD J. MONTGOMERY, executor,
room 57, 906 Broadway, Oakland.
EARLY FRUIT AND VEGETABLE LAND-
i ICOO acres of the "Wolfskin grant." i.i lots
from 20 acres up, selling for $.'0 p.r acre on eas.-
terms: located 3mi es west of Winters. cai. For
particulars address W. H. GREGORY, Winters.
Ca!.
• (•-ACRE RANCH. i r T~ «
IU TO EXCHANGE FOR
STOCK OK GRAIN RANCH -
AND PAY CASH DIFFERENCE.
Apply to H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
"LOR SALE- 3 POULTRY RANCHES. CON-
-1 sUtiug of neese, ducks, chickens and pigeons:
Blso -i. lots. 26x110 each, at $-_'O a lot. THOMAS
F. CONKLIN, Red Flag, Six-wile station, c<an
Bruno Koad.
HOMESTEAD ABANDONMENT— NICE LO-
cation SairaCl»ra Valley foothills for fruit and
vines; only $150. call 631 California su, room 1.
EEDKD L n.; $3. #5. *8, .$l5 TO $40 AN
acre; circulars free; state your case fully.
M. M. ÜBIJ FIN, Cottouwood, t aL -..=.. -..
rpo SYNDICATE OK CAPITALISTS — FOR
J- sale, cheap: 9 .7 acres, all rich bottom land, on
the Bterred River: also 8670 a< res on Bear ana
Burns creeks, of which about 2000 acres are good
farming land; both tracts are fenced and cross
fenced. lor particulars inquire of L. A. GRADE.
638 Washington st., S. F.
<5{ 11)00 UNDIVIDED HALF. INTEREST
'U'-t-'-'L'V/. In school section 7 miles from Hands-
burg: pri .cipuls only. Address Land, box 59,
Call nice.
BARGAIN; AHMKDA COUNTY, 30 MILES
from city, choice land; fruit, vegetable*, grain
hay; flowing springs: $35 per acre. H. J. DiG-
GLES. 69 Columbian building, ban Francisco.
SEND FOR ILLUSTRATED PAMPHLET OF
0 California land* for sale ov H. FRANCIS,
rooms Chronicle building, ban Francisco,
LITTLE HOMES <;LOSB 'io TOWN; im-
proved; easy terms: also 4 to 12 acre pieces
on 8 find 1 . years' credit. D. H. TWING, So-
noma City: every Monday at 632 Maricet st.. S. F.
Q>r AN ACKE: I*Bo ACRES TIMBER; GOOD
%£}O for stock or fruit; plenty water. S., box 40.
TUTTLE A LOFTIS, L A • D AGENTS: VERY
J. large list of choice country property, every
class, location, for sale, exchange;" houses rented-
rents collected. 6'iO Market su. opp. Palace HoteL
LOR SALE OR LEASE ALFALFA LANDS UN-
X dercanal.San Joaquin Co.. on railroad: nr. Stock-
ton: $26 acre. MCAFEE BROS., 108 Montgomery.
riHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA- THB I
\J W LKKLY CALL, sent io tny uddress in the
United states or Canada one year for SI £0, postr
ate free. *^
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND KEAL KSTATE.
"Lf OR RENT— C O M P L TE L V FUR-
J? nisbed honse. 8 rooms: high. althy location;
grand view of bay and Golden Gate; large lot. In-
quire D. R. R.\E, Linda Vista Teriace, Oakland.
IIBSPONSIBIiB AMERICAN COUPLE WITH-
-lt .tit children will take care of home and
grounds this summer for horn's in or near Oakland. 1
Address J. 1. 8., box 4, Call Cfflce, Oakland. -
"L"»ine house OF 15 rooms, WORTH $9000,
X will sell for *bOUO: pill-edged. E. E. BUNCH
1008 Br a Iway, Oak mid.
<£fl T^O- OWNER GOING AWAY AND
«JpXIt»VF. nius sell his home; price $1750
cash; cottage of « r^.oms in good location; prluci-
pals only. Owner; box 7. Call Office, Oakland.
SN" A - * 50 DOWN, BALANCE $25 Pfc-R
month: house of 8 rooms and ba.h, lot 35x128,
on Magnolia st., near Fourteenth; limit be sold.
L . ' all Olhce, Oakland.
C?l 7 \f\ half cash: A ldvply ranch
«ip J. I <J\'. of 13 acres In. Contra Costa County;
house, barn, siral orchard: all improved and In
jiooii order; plenty of wood and water: a:i s.ockcil
ready to work. &. CaLDERWOOD, o'Jti San Pablo
aye., Oak and ■-:-;•
1 ) EDUCED Rh.NT-5-ROOM COTTAGE: HIGH
J.l bnsemfiii, large yard. chicken-house and
stab c, $8; 5-room cottase, barn, chicken-bouse
and lars»- yarn, $7; 4-room cottage, city water
tree. Apply 2568 telegraph aye., oukland.
GET A CHOICE. HEALTHFUL HOMESITE
while prices are iow. lots $100 to $150 at
Fitchburs, beyond Frultvae; the best property
for investment now offered: local trains and
electric cars: 10 minutes to Oakland and 45 to
San Francisco; splendid climate, out of dump
belt soil excellent for gardening: very best water
facilities; good school: terms to suit. Betor,- buy-
ing In this locality see the owner of this property,
C. M. HUNKLE. 915V2 Washington St., upstairs.
room 28. Oakland. Cal.
ALAMEDA ADVEafIiMENrs
JItAJfRDV KiiAL F«STAT*!.-
-a*';9fin 8- ROOM COTTAGE; BEAUTI-
«4T"- — V/U. fully situated: near Bay-st. sta.ion.
*2450 — A new cottage; colonial style; near nar-
row-gunge sta on.
$'J9 JO— Handsome colonial cottage, with room*
above; situated 1 ear station.
$3510— A snap; colonial cottage of 7 rooms;
large corner lot: your terms ore ours. '
JIABL'I'SE ifc REMMELL.
Bay-st. station (broad-gauge). Alarm-da; 628
Ma ■ k<-t St., San Francisco, open Sundays ana
holidays. *■>-■ .' : \
ajTXfl BARGAIN — A CHEAP LOT 4UX160:
tip I O\J. street work done.
$700— Corner lot 40x138: street work complete. ■
f 6500— .New modern 9-room house; choice loca-
tion: easy terms.
E. D. JUDU <fe CO., 1424 Park st., Alameda.
FOR SALE— BARGAIN; CORNER LOT, 134
x 175; Pacific aye, and Schiller st.: offer
wanted. Inquire B. ARIaS, 1823 Pacific aye.,
Alameda.
hARUAIN: ALAMEDA COUNTY: 30 MILES
I I from city: choice land: fruit, hay, gran, veg
etables, with living springs; $25 to *35 per acre.
H. J. JUGGLES, ,6» Columbian building, San
Francisco. \'i:~-' ■ ;
ALAMEDA JIOUSKS TO LET.
IP 1 N ELY FU RN ISH K»l l-II OOM ifoUSE^A ND
: grounds to rent: 1 b'k. tram Jiorton-si. station,
uarrowgnuge. M. E. 5.,1611 Central aye.
.BEKKJ2LISY KUAL ESTATE.
O COTTAGES TO RENT OR FOR KALE ON
— < Hiattuck aye.. North' Berkeley. Inquire at
Thompson's Hotel.
PROPOSALS.
SAN FRANCISCO, APRIL 5, 1897.— SEALED
proposals, in triplicate, will be received here
111 i- 12 o'c.ock m. Ma}' 5, 1897, and then opened,
for the construction of a foraee sioienous*- a; I're-
sldi •of San Francisco, Cal. Government reserves
right to reject or accept any or all bids in wno c or
in part. Preference given to articles of domestic
production, conditions of price an 1 quality (in-
cluding in the price of foreign productions the
duty tnireqn) beini; cqu.il, an 1 such preference
given to articles of American production produced
on the 1 acilic Coast to th(> extent of consumption
r> qu red 1 y the public service there. Inform
furnished ••n upp ication to the uuders Kiied. En-
velopes containing proposals should be Indorsed
"Proposals for forage storehouse a Presidio of San
Francisco, < a> ." and addressed to J AS. M. MOORE,
Assistant Quartet master-General, Chief Q. M.
PACIFIC coast JOCKKY CLUB— SEALED
X proposals for customary privileges at Ingle-
side racetrack for the season of lfc97-98 will be
received at the office of the secretary, Parlors A
and B, Pa ace Hotel. Bids will he opened at 6
o'clock p. m.. Saturday, April 10, 1897.
F. H. GKEI- N. Secretary.
HOTELS. V ... .
BROOKLYN HOTEL, 208-212 * BUSH BT_
board and room 91 to (2 per da/, (6 to $12
per week; choice rooms 50 cents to $1; suite
looms tor family $i to si 50 per night:' tirst-class '
Mrvica: uee coacb. CHARLES MONTGOMERY :
' IIAKKIAGK LICENSES.
Th" following marr;a,' ■ licenses have bees
Issued br the County Clerk's cilice:
John R. Hart an I Mary A. Hogan, 30—18.
John Mlnnisand Mary Buckley, 33— Si. ' . -:->
Carl W. Duxey aud Mamie A. Wayne. 21— 20.1
Schelte S. Ziraal and Josephine Fry. 36—18.
Atillo P. J'.oiio and Annie W. Koopman. 21—19.
E..A. 11. Pickering and Esther H. fiord, Vb— 2l.
Charles K. Mclutosh and Mary A. Goaa. V' 9 —"'2.
C. D Shauuck and L > eorKiana A. Moran, 30—81.
Pho is T. Vrettosaud Lena Ogroskv. 34—24.
F. E. Brooks and Isabelle .M. Fldd-s. 38—
Richard Valentine and Annie bcnwartz, 39—22.
BIKTIiS — MAKBIAfiES —
Bir:h, inarrla?? »ul dea.h notices seat b-r mill
will not le Inserted. They must be handed In it
either of the publication oHlcei and beindorstl
with the name and residence of persoai autnonul
to have the same puolisheJ. J
BOUX.
ADDEP.LEY-April 6.1897, to the wife of Stan-
. ley Adderley. a .lai?hter.
EViißS— ln this city. April 6, 1897, to the wife of
F. li. livers, a daughter. ; . %
MADSKN— In Port l'ir:e, South Australia. March
13, 1897. to tha wife of Captain M. A. Mad son,
a son. ...... - . • . » ■
WALL— March 26, 1897, to the wife of T. W. Wall,
a daughter. • . , . : .^
WALTERS— in Wa^hius;ton, Nevada County,
Ca!., March 19, 13J7. to the wife of H. .-. Wal-
tern. M. D.. a son . ,--:_:V 7. . ,
. JIAKKIEI).
CLARK_QUEDE»-In this city, March 30
1597, at Simpson Memorial church, by the Rev
Jo.iv Stephens, James W. UarJC and Anna Maa
QueJeus. . ,•■ .-..>-
GORDON-siLBERMAN— In this City, George
Gordon and Mary Sliberman. * '*"
Dliuli.
Buckley, George P. Kane." Mary L.
Buker, John W. Kohler, Aunle -V
Ctiambt-ri, John McKeown. Alice O.
De Home, Sarah I. Miserez. Mary J.
Dowling. Mary Mosier, Mary E.
Gallagher, Thomas No. an, J. M.
Gallagher, Ellen Norman. Sarah A. -
Gole^-, Ellen O'Donnell, Edward
Grtuitbs, Emma . Rour.;. Irma M.
Humphreys. WilllamP. Rubon; Harry
Jon a tin "a .sen. August Spear, Katherine
Johnson, Alfred !*tod i ard, John D. "
Stoever, Ilenrielte M. C. ~
BUCKLEY— In Sacramento, April 5, 1897, Georg*
l'atterson l'uckiey, a?ed 33 vear3.
BUKER— In «an 'Rafael,. April 2, 1897. JohA W.
BuKer. a native of Maine, aged 66 years.
CHAMBKRS— In Oakland. John Chambers, a na-
tive of Kentucky, aged 04 years and 11 months.
De ROME— In Golden Gate. Alamela County.
April 5, IS*7, Sarah Ida, beloved daughter of
Mr. and Mri. Lous de Rome, a native of Sau
Francisco, aged 4 years 6 months and >i days.
DOWLING— In this city, April 5. *1597,' Mary,
relict of the late John Dowling. a native of
Queen* County. Ireland, aged 75 years. fSt.
John (N. B. ) papers please copy. J
fti^Friends and acquaintances are respec-
fully invited to at end the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at -9:£o o'clock a. m.. from the resi-
dence of John Hammond. 117 Twelfth street,
tbenca to St. Joseph's Church, where a solemn
requiem high mass will b» celebrated ror th«
repose of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock
a. if. Interment private. Holy Croji cemetery.
Piease omit flowers.
GALLAGHER —An anniversary requiem, high
mass will be celebrated in st. Rose's church,
Branuau street. TOMORROW (Thurs I ay), com-
mencing at 9 o'clock a. m.. for the repose of ths
souls of the late Thomas and Ellen Gallagher.
Friendj and acquaintances are requested to at-
tend.
GOLEY— In Oakland, April 5, 1897, Ellen. Goley,
a native of Ireland, ased 90 year.*.
GRIFFITHS— April 5, 1897, Emma OrlfllthsV .
*S~The funeral will tales plact* TIIIM DAY
(Wednesday), at 2 P. m. sharp, from the par-
lors of Craig dl Cochran Co., 22 and 26 Mint
avi-nue, between i It. and Sixtn streets.
.HUMPHREYS— In this city, April 6, 1897. Wil-
liam Perm, beloved husband of Mary Silncen
Humphreys, and father of William P. Jr. and
Alice Humphreys, a native of Philadelphia. Pa.,
. As;ed 68 years ana 19 uays. [Washington (IX C.),
PhiiHiii-lphiu and K-lt!more papers please copy.j
tST Friends ot the family are respectfully in-
vited to attend the tuueml services THIS DAY
(Wednesday); at ll o'clock a. m.. at his late ivsi-
deuo*. northeast corner of Chestnut and Hyde
streets. Interment private. Kindly omit flow-
ers.
JOUANNESSEN— in this city, April 6. 1897. An-
. gus., beloved husband or Annie D. Johannessen,
and brother-in-law of Joha'i Ped<*rseu. a native
oi Jlergen, Norway, aged 34 yea. s 1 month and
25 days. A member of Cuurt Eclipse No. 14,
: F. of A.
. 4S~Frlend3 and acquaintances are 're«oe«-
full. invitodto attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from the par-
'' lor. of I. Li i ■nun A Co.. 326 Suiter street, near
Stockton. Interment Laurel Hill cemetery.
JOHNSON— In this city. April 6. 1 -97 Alfre-t, be-
lovel husband of Johanna Jon nson, a native of
Sweden, i .-el 57 years 8 inon.tiK and 19 days.
JJ"i~Frionds and acquaintances and members
of Golden Gate Lodge No. 214. I. <■>. o. r. ,
America Council No. 7, O. C F., Veteran
Odd Fellows' AssoclA'.io.-i and Master .Marin-
ers' l enevolent Association, are respec -
fnllv Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORKOW
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. if., from I. O. O. F.
Hall, corudr Market and Seventh streets.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
KANE— In this cr.y. April 0. 1597, Mary Lucy,
beloved daughter of Dennis and M.irv Kane, an 1
sister of J;i!iie« aid Alice Kane, a native of San,
Fran- Isco. aged 18 year* 6 months and 1 dar.
«-The funeral will take Dlaoe TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at »:.O o'clock a. m., from the resi-
dence of her parents, 240 Twenty-sevt-uth street,
near Church, thence to St. i aul's . Church,
where a solemn requiem mass will he celebrated
for the repose of her • soul, commencing . at 9
: o'clock a. M. Interment Mount, Calvary Ceme-
tery.
KOHLER— In this city. April 5. IS9T. Annie, be-
loved chill of Conrad and Katharine Kohler,
and sister of Conrad, Otto and Fred Kohler. a
native of San Francisco, ajel 12 years 8 monthi
and 4 days.
43" Friends and acquatntancpi are resn«":-
fully invited to attend' the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at. 2 o'clock p. M.. from the T resi-
dence of her parents. 628 tra;icisco street,
lutermens I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
McKKOWN— In this rlu-, April «5, 1897. Alice
Genevleve. beloved daughter of Nellie Mc-
Keown. and sister of .Mrs. Nellie Holmes, Mrs.
Carrie Noonan and J.truiM McKeown, a native of
San Jose, Cai., aged 20 years 2 mouths and 7
days ">•'; •';
J»-Frlends and acquaintances ara resnev.-
futlv invited 10 attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 8:40 o'clock a. m.. from the resi-
dence of her mother, 654 Jessie street, thenc < to
St. Jos"ti!i s Church, where a so'emn requiem
mass will be celebrated, commencin:: at 9 o'clock
a. m. Interment Hoiy Cross Cemetorr. ' ■
MISEREZ— In this city, April 6, 1897, Mary J.
Miserez. beloved mother of Mri. j rina Garvey,
Mrs. l.lboy Culver, Mrs. liattto Ging.es and J.
1. Miserez. a native of Michigan, aged 01 years
3 m n:ns and 26 days.
SJ~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from the par-
lors of the Union Undertaking Company, 733
Mission street, near Third. Interment Cypress
Lawn cemetery. • • ■
MOSIER— In this city, April 6. 1897, Mary Ellen,
beloved wife of Wiillaru J. Mosier. and mother
of Mr.v G. W. Endicott, Mrs. G. L. Hamer, Mrj.
B. F. Day, Mrs. F. M. iirant. and Frauds. Alfred
and John Mosier, a native of lowa, aged 68 years
1 month and 1 day.
MUSSKR-In Oakland, April 6, 1897, James Wil-
son Muiser, late of Mission San Jo<e. a native of
Pennsylvania, aged 68 years 6 months and 13
davi
J93r*Services TO-MORROW (Thursday), at 11
o'c.ock a. m. , from th« residence, 1148 Filbert
. street. Interment private. '
NOLAN— In this city, April 6. 1897. J. M. Nolan,
-' a native of Ireland, as;el 84 years. " "*
iWThe funeral will take placa THIS DAY
- (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from his late
residence. 619 Eddy street, Interment privaid.
' Omit flowers.
NORM AN- In this city. April 4, 1897, at her
residence. 3034 California tre*t, Sarah A. Nor-
man, beloved mother or Mrs. W. J. Costlgau of
San Francisco. M. s. Norman Of St. Joseph, Ma,
acd W. L. Norman of >tillwaier. Oklahoma, and
sister of 'Mrs. Hannah R. Muzzy of San Fran-
clsca. and Mrs. James McCrory of Elmira, CaL,
a native at Ohio, aged 7.5 years.
jgS"Friends and acquaintances .are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS. DAY
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock a. it.:, from ' the
Congrega.londl Church, Suisun'. '
O'DONNELL— In this city, April 6, 1897, at St.
Mary's Hospital, Edward O'Donnell. a native of
Kihvorth County Cork. Ire'a.i.l. a?eJ 48 years.
Air Remains at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor
& Co., 767 Mission street.
ROURK— In this city. April 5.1897, Irma Maria
Roure, beloved daughter of Mrs. Anna Carto,
mother of Isidore and Etnlte Roure, »nd sister
of Eliza Christian!, a native of San Francisco,
aged 42 years and 10 montus.
A3" Friends and acquaintances ara respaet-
fnlly invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY"
(Wednesday), at J- o'clock p. if., from her lat«
residence, 935 Jackson street, thence to French
' Church of Notre D<tru<» de* Victolres, where
services will be held. Interment' Mount Calvary
Cemetery. . ■ . ■ ■ '. !\. -'-t
BUBON— III this city, April 6, 1897, Harry Ro-
bou, a native of Germany, aged 35 year.i.
SPEAR— In the City and Count? Hospital. April
6, 1897, Katherine Spear, ated 51 years.
STODDARD— In this city, April 6, 1897, John D.,
beloved husband of Saran A. stoddard, and
father of John. Dale. Carrie. Jti 1 son, Orrln, Wil-
liam, Frank and Lillian ModJarl. a native of
Durham, Eng.aud, *4ed 71 years. [Haroor
(Mich.) papers please copy.j
49~i-'rlends and acquaintances ar • respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MOKiiOW
. (Thursday), at SI o'clock p. m., from his laia
residence. 362 Seventh s.reet, where services
win bi held. Interment I. O. o. F. Cemetery.
STOKVEK— In this city. April 6, 1597. Henrietta
• M. C. youngest and beiovei Daughter or Henry
and Ma; in: ie Stoever. and sister of Atlele and
■ Lillian stoever, a native of San Francisco, aged
lye rS months and 12 days-
tfg~ FrlenJs and acquaintances are' respect-
fully invited to af<»nd the tuneral TO-MOKkOW
(Thursday), at 1 0 o'clock a. m.. from the resi-
donee of her parent.-*, Ja7l sixteenth street, be-
tween Howard, and Folsom. Interment- Mount
olivet Cemetery. .-.--.-.
ST. DOMINIC'S CHURCH BUILDING AS3O-
-clatton — Tne Tegular monthly requiem high
mas-, for the deceased members of the above
association, and for the deceased parents and
! •relatives of 'the members, •will be celebrated la
St. Dominic's Church. Bush and Sterner streets,
10-MoßitoW (Thursday),- at 8 o'clock a. it.
Friends are Invited to attend.
' , MCAVOY A GALLAGHER, l~
FONKRAL DIEFXTORS ft EMBALMKRs,
SO Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
- . Telephone 3080.
MOUNT OLIVET GEMETER?.
SAN MATEO COUNTY: NEAREST CBM»
tery. to the city; non-sectarian; in no seas*
elusive ; location unexcelled. UtSt'.a \>\ti MMKet
unv, •outneust corner V uixut.
1314
QUALTERS'
UNRULY TOES
They Pain Him Severely
Even After Being
Amputated.
QUEER CASE DEVELOPS
IN OAKLAND.
Strange Hallucination of a Man
Hurt in a Railway
Accident.
HIS PLEA TO A KINE-HEARTED
UNDERTAKER.
Would Not Rest Satisfi d Until He
Had Be n Show: His Severed
Member.
John Qualters, who was badly injured
by being struck by a train on the Oakland
broad gauge early on the morning of
March 28, liar furnished the officials of the
Oakland Receiving Hospital and Morgue
with a sensation that has not been equaled
for many days.
The unfortunate man was found through
the howling of his little do?, who stood
guard over his master's maimed body and
rai>ed his little voice in an appeal for
help until assistance came. At the Re
ceiving Hospital it was found that in ad
dition to a dislocated shoulder and other
painful injuries his right leg had been
crushed just above the ankle.
The physicians in charge of the Re
ceiving Hospital, where Qualters wa3
taken, tried hard to save ttie ioot, but it
was finally decided that amputation was
necessary to save the injured man's life,
and the leg was severed above where the
bone was crusiied and sent to the Morgue
lo be disposed of.
Quakers improved and seemed to pay
little attention to his loss until the night
fohowinc the operation, when the at
tendants were aroused by screams from
his cot. When they went to him he
seemed to be suffering agonies.
He said that the toes of his right foot
were all drawn up against the sole of the
extremity and that their nnnatural posi
tion was causing him the most intense
pain.
His attention was called to the fact th at
ihe loot had been amputated and was
then at the Morgue several blocks away.
•'I know that," moaned Qualters, "but
it hurts just the same. I know that the
toes are doubled up and I can't stand the
pain."
It was no use to argue with tbe patient,
so finally to quiet him the foot was sent
lor and shown him. When he saw ihat
the toes were in their natural position he
immediately declared that the pain was
leaving him and within a lew moments he
was as comfortable as his wounds would
permit. He insisted ihat the foot should
be kept at the hospital until morning,
which was done to satisfy him, and he
plept quietly for the remainder of the
night.
In the morning when an undertaker
faint to remove the foot and give it burial
Qualters asked to see him.
"When you put it under ground," he
pleiided, "please see that it is boxed up
neatly, and be sure thai the toes are
straight out as they should be. I know
that if they are not kept in that position I
shall feel it, no matter how my leg is, and
I don't want a return of that awful pain.
You will do that for me, won't you?"
The undertaker promised and Qualters
seemed satisfied. His chances of recovery
are bright despite the severity of his in
juries, and ne is already talking of the
wooden foot with immovable toes that
will take the place of the one that caused
him so much trouble.
ALLEGED BIG FRAUD.
Close of the Important Trial In Regard
to Valuable Alaikan Fisheries
and Canneries.
Judge Sea well is engaged in the trial of
the important suit of Bartlett Doe, W. J.
Gray, Thomas Pollard, the Tallant Bank
ing Company, W. S. Thompson, B. H.
Madison, Martin Madison a^id James
Madison against James Eva, H. J. Barling.
tne Alaska Packers" Association. W. B.
Bradford, J. Pentecost, S. J. Eva, William
Clift and Maria L. Barling.
The allegations in the complaint are of
asensatonal character and the amount
involved in ttip litigation is very largo.
Tbe plaintiffs allege bad faith on the
part of the defendants, specifically accus
ing James Eva, J. Pentecost and H. J.
Barling with having deceived the plain
tiffs in regard to the amount of the price
of certain fishing and cannery property in
Alaska sold by the plaintiffs to the Alaska
Packers' Association through James Eva,
Barling and Pentecost, as a committee.
The averment of the plaintiffs is as fol
lowb :
That the said statements of Barling, James
Eva and Pentecost so made to »aid board of
directors concerning the price to be paid by
said Alaska Packers' Association for said
properties were iahe and untrue; that said
agreement was noi a genuine agreement, but
■was labricated by said Jame» Eva. Barling
and Pentecost lor the purpose of imposing on
said board and concealing from them the real
price which seid Alaska Packers' Association
was willing to pay for sßid properties; that
the said sale of said properties to the Alaska
Packers' Association had been in fact negoti
ated by said James Eva, Barling aid Pentecost
at the price of $300,000, instead of $136,000,
us reported by them, and the said Alaska
Packers' Association was willing to pay and
had aereed to pny the said sum of $300 000
lot the properties.
A decree of court is demanded for the
purpose of declaring James Eva, Barl ng
anri Pentecost tru-tees ior the plaintiffs to
the extent ol the difference between $300,
--000 and .$136,000; that a receiver be ap
pointed, and that the purchaser of the
property be required to pay the extra
money into court.
Testimony was closed yesterday, and
pending the engrossment of pleadings
Judge Seawell granted a continuance until
the 14th inst., when argument will be
heard.
JUDGE WALLACE SUSTAINED.
The Supreme Court L>enie« a Writ of
Habeas Corpus to .J. A. Buckley.
The State Supreme Court yesterday de
nied the petition fora writ of habeas cor
pus in the case of Jerome A. Buckley,
convicted of stuffing election returns and
sentenced to five years' imprisonment in
San Quentin. A weefc or *o ago in one of
its decisions the Supreme Court practically
determined that Buckley was innocent of
the crime charged, noidingr that tiie evi
dence .'gainst the accused was insufficient.
1 1 practically, though not directiy, ordered
the dismissal of me case by the lower
court.
Judge Wallace, before whom the case
was tried, positively refused todisroiss the
case, and he passed severe criticisms upon
the Supreme Court for tioin^ beyond its
province in granting a new trial," having
reached its decision fr'>m the facts instead
of irom the law. Judge Wallace, however,
set ♦ tie case for it* second trial.
Buckley's attorneys yesterday petitioned
for a writ of habeas corpu-. Chief Justice
Beatty in passing upon the petition stated
that the former decision of ;he Supreme
Court simply ordered a new trial, but
made no provi-ion for the petitioner* im
mediate dismissal. Thus Superior Judge
Wallace's position was sustained, and
Buckley will have to stand a stcond trial.
E. FRANK ATTACHED.
A Relative Keginft Suit J* B ain»t the
Kcaruy-Street FurniHliing (iood*
I enter.
Mark E. Frank, a manufacturer and
dealer in clothing and shirts at 2HH Kearny
street, was attached yesterday by Nathan
Frank on a claim of $3000. The suit was
b<rgun on a promissory note, executed by
the furnishing goods dealer several months
ago.
It was expected some time ago that the
attnehment would be levied, as Nathan
Frank, who is a relative of the defendant,
had threatened suit. It is bel eyed that
the matter will be straightened out and
that Mr. Franc will be permitted to con
tinue his business.
PRAISE OF CALIFORNIA
J. B. Spargur, an 1 astern Hanker, En
thused Over Ills First VI«lt.
J. B. Spargur, president of Ihe First
National Bank, Hillsboro, Ohio, and wife
are on a brief visit to the City and are
guests at the Palace Hotel.
They have visited Los Angeles, Mon
terey and other points and are enthusias
tic in their praises of the Golden State.
Mr. Spargiir will do everything he can on
his return to induce his friends to visit
the State and will repeat his visit at the
earliest opportunity.
Mr. Sparpur's family were among the
first fettlers in the Hillsboro district. He
is a personal friend of Sergeant C. P.
Wright at poiice headquarters.
The " Hoodoo " That Is Causing: Consternation at ths Park.
MIDDLE-AGED BUT
STILL A CHILD
Death of a Woman Who
Was Thirty-Three
Inches Tall.
Her Mind Was No More Devel
oped Than That of a Little
Baby.
Medical Science Marve's That She
Lived So Long— S le Wjs Thirty-
Four Years Old.
Catherine Meagher, who though 34
years o! age was only thirty-three inches
tall, died on Monday at the residence of
her parents, 304 Valencia street, of inani
tion. Tue case is one of the strangest
that ever came to the notice of the local
medical fraternity and will douotless be
closely investigated, if the parents will
permit ol it, in the interest of science.
Catherine Meauher was born in New
foundland in 1883, her parents being of
normal height ami development and with
nothing about them to indicate any
hereditary peculiarity that would pro luce
auch an offspring.
The child was apparently normal at its
birth, but it was soon noticed that the
only portion of its body that developed
was its head. Nor was the mental devel
opment in proportion to the increase ef
the craninm. At eight year* old the child
was small for its age and its head was of
abnormal size, and after that time there
was no noticeable increase in the size of
the body. The head steadily grew until
the time of her death it was a- large as
that of an ordinary human being.
Other children— girls and boys— were
born to the Meagiier family, and ail were
normal in size and intellect. A few years
ago the family removed to this City! and
ever since their advent here the unfortu
nate woman was kept in seclusion. She
nad the hands and feet of a baby, the
body of a child of 5 and the head of a
fully grown person.
The case is remarkable from the fact
that persons so alHicted seldom live be
yond early childhood, and even more sel
dom reach the age of 20. She never even
iearned to repeat the letters of the alpha
bet and was a constant care to hf»r par
ents, though they paid every loving at
tention to their unfortunate daughter.
Death came j-'st as it does to babies, from
simple lack ol vitality, and the greatest
wonder is that she survived through the
days of her childhood and tbrougn thu
period that in normal beings would be
early womanhood.
Tbe physician who attended in the case
watched it carefmlv and did all in his
power to keep the vital spark from nicK
ering out, but medical science was of no
avail, and the feeble life germ gave way.
The Aieagtier family reiuses ;o give in
formation except to the physician who
attended, and desires the sorrow of their
life to be laid away with as little publicity
as characterized her iife.
Held f ir Anon.
Mrs. Katie Maloomson, 131 Taylor street,
whs yesterday held to answer before the Su
perior Court in $5000 bonds by Acting Police
Judge Kerrigan on the charge of arson. The
tire look place Saturday morning and Mrs.
Malcomson was arrested Monday.
The J ■]>•-< ;i-tin X Club.
Tho Fly-casting Club will hold contesU at
Stow Lake in Golden Gate Park on Saturday
and Sunday, and on Tuesday evening, the
13tli inst., a spocial meeting of the club will
be held in ihe Flootl building.
They make a specialty of Bank Stock paper:
It bus the water-mart. iljbell-liollins, 22 Ciay*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 7, ISO" 7 .
LOOK OUT FOR
YOUR BUTTONS
There Is a Hoodoo in the
Park That Means
Mischief.
It Is an Indian Idol That Has
a Thiity-Year Record of
Deviltry.
The Strang* Story of Its Travels and
of the Desolation That Has
Fol owed in Its Wak.\
A costly Oriental vase, which had for
months rested snugly and peacefully in
one of the Park Museum niches, took a
notion to wobble the other day and then
tumble headlong to the marble floor with
a crash. The shattered pieces were
gathered up and consigned to the waste
bin. Scarcely an hour later another crash
was heard that fairly shook the Egyptian
structure. This time the damage was
traced to the roof, where it was found that
one of the ornamental spires had toppled
over and smashed itself into a thousand
piece*. And t tie next day something else
fell off its perch and again the day after
that. The attendant* began to grow ex
tremely alarmed.
"There's a hoodoo around this place
somewhere, and nobody can convince me
that there is not." said Superintendent
McLaren in a worried sort of way, when
he was told of the ruishars, and had
essayed !o solve tho mystery. "We will
nave to locate the thing and pet it out of
here, that's al!," he added wuh a deter
mined shake of his head.
Then was inaugurated the search for
th" evil-posse-sed object that was threat
ening to totally destroy the park's collec
tion of antiquities. It was not until yes
terday, however, that the "hoodoo" was
cornered, and now i; is dollars to marbles
that the tiling, if allowed to stay in the
park at all, will be relegated to some
isolated spot out on the hills, where it Trill
have little opportunity to exert its evil
influence.
It is an old Indian idol t li at. wa« re
cently discovered and purchased by John
L. Bardweil — that indefatigable searcher
for antiquities — and givt n by him to the
Park Commissioners. A glance at the
di>torte>! and horror-inspiring carving is
enough to convince any body lhat oven if
the thing did not possess the power to
wreck lives and homes, it ou~ht to. Just
whai it is, or what it was ever intended
to represent, not oven the museum cura
tors are able to divine. In appearance it
resembles an over-grown toad, possessed
of a dragon-like head, and a snout tha:
belongs to the family of swine. Clutched
between the two fore-legs, or tentacles, or
tins — or whatever they are — is the figure
in miniature of a human being; and from
the expression of «h.s image's counte
nance and the agonizing twistof its limb-,
it is plain to the beholder that it is not de
lighted with its job.
The record of ihis ruin-tracked reiic of
north-:-oast barbarity certainly entitles it
to the championship title in the "hoodoo"
c^ass. Wuerever it has gone disaster and
desolation i.aye been r fe. The question
now is, What nexl ?
To one Hans Anderson, an unscrupulous
and sacrilegious follower of the sea, is at
triouted much woe of the past thirty
years. Thi-. Hans Anderson Was a trader
who plied the Pacific Coast three decades
ago. O^ie cvi: moment he directed his
vessel toward Queen Charlotte Island on
the British Columbian coast. The Indians
on the island were at that time peaceable
enough, but knew naught of civilization.
They were idol-worshipers like all of the
tribes that inhabited the northwestern
country. Anderson invaded one of the
villages, ostensibly to do pome small trad
ing with the Indian*, but with the real
heart of a pirate. Awaiting a favorable
opportunity he and his men on a dark
light raided one of the native temples, if
such they could be called, and carried
away everything of value and everything
that even looked valuable. Then came
the retreat to the ship and a hasty setting
of sail.
Among the articles carried away from
the temple was tho hideous carving that
i-< now ensconced in the park museum.
The thelt of this idol was particularly be
reaving to the yueen Charlotte Inland na
tives and exasperating as well. While the
sails of Anderson's craft were » till sil
houetted against the horizon the medi
cine men or priests were called out and in
the presence of the enraaed populace
wer.t through a series of weird incanta
tions, the meaning of which was, so the
strange story goes, that for ages to come
a terrible curse and the worst of luck
would r>ur>ue those who should become
possessed of that cherished but ugly
image.
What happened?
Skipper Anderson sailed down to Van
couver and t ere died in horrible agony
from convulsions. He bad owed a debt to
the cnpta:n of the sealing schooner O. F.
Fowler, and in liquidation of that 00l ga
tion most of the deceased's possessions
fell into the hands of the creditor, among
them beini: that wuli-eyed and chill-in
spiring idol. The O. F. Fowier was as
stanch a cratt as ever saiieu the main, but
she could not sail with thai "hoodoo"
aboard. The very first vovafce she at
tempted with it as a passenger ended in
disaster. Sue wts crushed on the rocks
and the captain and several of the crew
were lost.
But the "hoodoo" lived. Alone with
the wreckage it floated ashore. It was
picked ui> by a fisherman whodied a w ek
later irom brain fever. In some way or
other ihe id^l got into the hands of some
whalers, who brought it to San Francisco
and sold it to Robert Llewelyn, who at
tbat time— this was ab.>ut twenty years
as;o — was wealthy and prosperous and
known and liked by everybody. "Bob,"
as lie was familiarly known alon,; the
water front, never suspected the evil spell
that possessed the curiosity, even when,
year after j-f-ar, ail sons of* financial re
veises be^et him and he saw his fortune
dwindling away.
He finally lound himself poor, and
opened a litiJe saloon with the hope of at
least keeping the wo.f from the door, and
all these years he never parted with the
Indian idol. Th« climax came less than
a year apo w en poor Llewelyn fell down
a flight of stairs and sustained injuries
which caused his death.
In the disposal of Llewelyn's effects it
happened to be the misfortune ot John
Coyne, the tinsmith and plumber, whose
place of business is at 32 Clay street, to
be the purchaser of the cursed idol. Coyne
is alive yet, but he attributes his salvation
only to the (act that he opportunely got
r:d ol the "hoodoo," and that was only a
fortnight ago. During tne interim— that
is, the period of his possession of the
image— he had all kind of bad luck.
"Wtjy, do you know," said Mr. Coyne
yesterday, "while 1 had that confounded
thing in my possession, my business went
to absolute rack and ruin. Believe me, I
coulii not gnt a thing to do, I cou.dn't sell
anything and I began to think seriously
of closing up my shop for good. That
idol sat up on a shelf and seemed to grin
all the broader the wor.-e my luck grew.
Finally I took it down and stowed it away
in a littie closet under the stairs, where I
change my clothes. And do you know, i
went in there ono day, and bless me if I
didn't see a wild-eyed Indian chief stand
ing right beside that idol. But I am
thanking my lucky 9tar9 that 1 got rid of
it at laft. 1 am satisfied that it is to blame
for all of my bad luck. John Bardwell
purchased it from me and I tell you it is a
good thing for him that ho got "it off his
liands right away. 1 felt sorry for those
folks out at tlio park. What do you sup
pose has happened since I got rid of that
tiling'/ Why, I have more business than
I can attend to. I have sold a dozen big
ranges and have to refuse orders for work.
I never was so prosperous before in my
lile."
Tftat's the story ot the "hoodoo." Peo
ple who visit the park" from now on need
not be surprised if their buttons pop off
their clothes, if they stub their toes, slide
on banana peels, of get knocked over by
bicycles. It will be the work of that idol.
PEOMISOUOUS BITER
Jumbo, a Vicious Dog, Ordered to Be
Shot.
Mrs. Annie Hansen, 14 Haven street,
appeared before Judge Campbell yester
day morning to answer a charge of keep
ing «n unregistered dog.
The dog, a big shaggy mongrel named
Jumbo, bit Mis-i Annie E na on April 1,
and also tried to bite off the right heel of
Attorney Pistolesi's boot. Pistolesi ap
peared as special prosecutor, and, aa the
evidence was complete, the Judge ordered
Chief Crowley to take Jumbo to a secluded
spot and there shoot or cause him to be
shot.
The duty of ending Jumbo's life was
relocated to Serjeant Duncan, and he
performed it with all necessary dispatch.
John Coyne, Who Escaped From
the "Hoodoo."
ELECTRIC POWER
FOR SAN JOSE
Engineers Leave for the
Mountains to Dam Up
the Waters.
Capitalists Developing a Scheme
to Set the Wheels Going
Round.
P-wer May Be Carried Through Los
Gatos as Far as
A viso.
The train from this City to San Jose
this morning will carry with it a party of
ten engineers, or more properly, an engi
neering party of ten. The party wiil be
led by K. Leo Van der Naillen. Its mis
sion is of the highest interest and import
ance to San Jose, Los Gato3, Alv;so and
their neighbors.
Speaking of tlie enterprise yesterday Mr.
Van derNaillen said : "We will go straight
to Mndrone by train, being joined at San
Jose by certain of the capitalists who form
the company, one ot whom no doubt will
be John Ryland, banker und large nolder
in the water company and who has been
one of the principals in the movement.
They will lead us to the point, on the Los
Gatos Cieek I believe it is. irom which we
are expected to operate. We take with us
a fuil equipment of instruments for mak
ing complete testa of atmospheric and
otuer conditions. Our first purpose is to
determine the horsepower that may be
developed by tn« natural or artificially
combined streams of the mountains. We
go just at this time to get the streams at
their best, enjoying the spring flood. The
plan is to discover means of turning the
lesser streams into the greater by means
of flumes or pipes and thus augmenting
the volume. We will measure the horse
power of the stream* as they are an<i as
they may be strengthened as described.
"The loss of conductine electricity for
long distances is a prime factor in any
problem ot this kind. This is affected
very greatly by the atmo-pheric condi
tions. To gauze these we ehall run two
lines of wire mid, by means of what is
fnown as the Wheatstone system and the
use of the flashlight galvonometer, get the
insulating conditions of the atmosphere
at the highest altitude. This will give us
the practical loss of energy in the trans
mi«s:on over a given distance. If it is
found possible and leasible the wire< and
power will i« carried to Aivis>o, where
shipping facilities by water may be had."
TO CCI.X A COLD IN ONK DAT.
Take i« Jativt- BromoQuinino Tablets. Alldrug
tisu ieiuna the money U v iu.ua to euro. -jo
OLYMPICS
ACCUSED
Bay City Wheelmen Retali
ate as to Charges in
the Protest.
UNSPORTSMANLIKE CON
DUCT ALLEGED.
Two Relay Riders Said Not to Ec
Members of the Protesting
Cub.
THE WINNERS RFJOICE OVER
VICTORY.
Sunday Track Racing Will Begin on
the ißtti Inst.— Entries to
Close on the 10 h.
In the midst of their jubilee over the
winning of the big relay race and becom
ing the permanent owners ol the Varney
trophy, the victorious Bay Citys have
found time to return the shot aimea at
them by the disapnointed Olymnic Club
riders, and, unless the protest of the Jat
ter orgasizaiion be withdrawn, there is
promise of a lively time in wheeling
circles.
To be brief the tune of the Bay Citys is
this: "We may have been guilty of slight
technical violations of the rules, though
we deny it, but if we were, there were
others."
In fact the doughty winners of the cup
say flatfooted ttiat the O ympics were
guilty of far more flagrant violations of
the rules than were they, and th,at under
the circumstances tiie best course of the
Olympics would have been silence. H.
L. Kay, captain of the Bay City Wheel
men, voices the feeiines and words of his
confreres in the following lancuaee:
I am sorry that the Olympics have seen fit to
start r controversy of thiskind, lor It will only
result in their bei ng convicted of far more
glaring violations of the rules than any club
that participated. They say that u« had pace
makers on almost every relay and tin l several
riders crossed the tape with "Kenna at the lin
ish and that the rules were violated in this
tray. Not one of our men was paced, but we
did have numerous ineii ou every relay, bin
lor what purpose ?
We desire to have our forces thoroughly
orßaiiized, and thp reason of having the men
staked out at all poi:,;.- was to have tnein
handy snould our men need fresh wheels or
permissible aid of any kind. Not one of those
who acted as trailer or assistants paced our
men. ami we can prove it.
As to Vincent pacing Krafts that is all bosh.
Krafts is a man who needs no pacing, and
upver asks or wants it.
When he begins to dif» out there are few men
who can hoid him, and Vincent merely lol
lowed our German friend until he thought it
time to light out — which was alter he had
covered three miles of his relay— and then the
trailer was left far behind. As to Kelina's
finish, we have no particular excuse tv make.
JJe was riding a wheel that was partially dis
abled, and the trailers kept as clost- as possible
to preclude the chance of his neing leit wirn
out a wneei should his own break down. He
was a winner beyond the shadow of a doubt,
and ho could have broken down twice and
been compelled to change wheels and still
won.
Wa committed no genuine foul, and the
claim of the Olympics will nut be allowed, I
am sure.
Our trailers had orders to give their wheels
to members of other clubs when our men did
not need them, and 1 think this shows that
we rode a fair and manly r.ice. They say that
they don't waut the cui>. I suppose they
would hand it back t-> us if they snould suc
ceed in having o« disqualified; t.ut you may
believe that we would not accept it tinder such
circumstances. We want nothing that we
cannot and do not win on our merits.
In contrast here Is the conduct of the Olym
pics. They had two men nnd perhaps three
who were not regular meml'TH of their cub
and had no right to ride in the race. Tne
Olympic Club is a corporation anil us consti
tution and by-laws prescribe how members
shall be elected. Simply because men «ear
the Olympic Club emblem an have the privi
lege oi using the Olympic Club rooms does
not make them members.
Cook, who roiJe tne second relay for them,
was never elected a member ot the club n >r
passed on by the advisory election committee,
nor was Wing, who took the last relay. We
can prove that they were not Olympic Club
members.
The rules of the race were explicit on the
point of membership. It was me same way
two years ago when Edwards, who hail been a
member but ten days, rode his relay.
We try to be sportsmen and to ride manly
races, and we shall continue to do so, no mat
ter what may be said or done by disgruntled
clubs.
Chairman Adams of the road racine
committee of the California Associated
Cycling Clubs left the City yesterday ior
Chico on a short business trip. Before
sroing he stated that as soon as he tp
turned he would tHke up ttie matter of
the protests of the Olympic Ciub Wheel
men and the Reliance* club Wleelmen io
the awarding of the trophy to the Bay
City Wheelmen, the winners. He also
3 tateo that as president of the Olympic
Club Wheelmen he should urge that club to
withdraw its protest, and also felt confi
dent that the Reiiance Club would do the
same. Nothing was to be gained, he said,
by protesting and to him it seemed a very
unsportmanslike proceeding.
Meanwbile the Bay Citys have the cup,
and have duly celebrated the winning of
it. It will De remembered that a large
party ot Eastern professional track-racing
men went East the morning of ihe reiay
race. At their request the result of the
race was wired to thorn and the telegram
caught tne train at Fresno. In the even
ing the Bay Citys received the following
reply: "Congratulations from all on
board. Bay Citys forever."
The club has several members now resi
dent in the East, all of wtioin were wired
the result ot the event and telecraphe 1
congratulatory messages in return. One
of the most enthusiastic, H. A. Goldarri,
now situated in Toronto. Canada, wired:
"Well, Great Scott. Hurrah. Hurroo.
There is m man in Toronto who is setting
them up."
The club on the night of the race r«ent
the following letter to the* Acme Club
Wheelmen of Oakland, which was person
ally sinned by tiftv-eight members:
Greeting* from the Bay City Wheelmen to
the only team we leared in tlie country, and
the on!y team wit 1> a right to be with us at
Hit; finish thiit has not entered a protest.
President Rv.ain of the associated club*
stated yesterday that, although the present
series of relay races was ended by the Bay
City* winning the Varney trophy three
times, it was more than likely that the
association itself wnuid put up a trophy
to be contested for yearly, that the race
in icnt be perpetuated.
The first attempt at Sunday track racing
will be made on Aoril 18 unoer a sanction
issued by the California Associated Cycling
Clubs to the Velodrome. The events and
prizes will be as follows:
One-lißlf mile handicap. Amateur; prizes,
$25, $15, $7 50 and $5. Two-thirds mile
Handicap, proiesslona) ; prizes, $40. $20 and
$10. One mile open, proiessional; prizes, $40,
$'-!0 and $10.
The entries will close Saturday, April 10.
An adjourned meeting of the board of
control of the associated clubs will be held
next Saturday evening at the Olympic
Club. Hereafter meetings of the board will
be held the first Saturday in each month,
iusiead of bi-monthly as heretolore. Since
NEW lODAT-DRT GOODS.
COMMENCING MONDAY, APRIL
s"th, we will exhibit the most ele-
gant assortment of COLORED AND
BLACK PARISIAN DRESS FABRICS
ever shown in this city.
The styles are entirely new and are
confined exclusively to this house.
NOVELTIES IN COLORED AND
BLACK ETAMINES.
NOVELTIES IN COLORED AND
BLACK GRENADINES.
NOVELTIES IN MOIRE GRENADINES
AND ETAMINES.
We invite our patrons to inspect the
above goods at their earliest opportunity.
TELEPHONE GR.A.NT IS4,
111. 113, 115, 117, 119. 121 POST STHttf,
the assocation has absorbed the functions
o f the League of American Wheelmen in
this State, more frequent meetings are
necessary.
MAEKIrID IN HASTE.
Tailor Valentine Takes a Kririe Within
a Week Aft^r Being Divorced
Richard Valentine, the Kearny-street
tailor, did not wait long after the courts
had severed the matrimonial bonds that
held him to h.s fim wife before undertak
ing fresh obligation* in that line. lie wa*
divorced on March SO and vest* rday morn
ing took out a license to marry Mi^s Annie
E. Schwartz, a buxom woman of 22.
He escaped the restrictions of i he mar
riage law, recently passed by the Legisla
ture, by marrying In haste, for had i.e.
waited fifty days 'oncer he would have
been compelled to remain single for ayear.
During the afternoon he was marriod to
Mis* Schwartz by Justice of the Peace
Kerrigan.
The Carnival March.
The prize for the Carnival March has been
nwarded to J. E. Lehrltter, who lias composed
a very pretty two-step march dedicated to the
Car:iivnl of the i.oklen Gate.
Ballo:-box. for the election of the King and
Queen of the Carnival, and (iiieen of iho
school children, hnve neon placed in the
following places: Raphael's, 9-11 Kearny
street; Cagan's drugstore, raiitornia and
Hyde; Troupmmi's drugstore, 425 Sixth street
Hosmer's, California and Derisadero; Glaf-s
--mann's cigar-st»re, California ana Mont-
Komery; Harrington's pharmacy, Market and
Van Ness, and Wynnes' pharmacy. Twenty
second and Folsom streets. Balloting envelopes
and all particulars regarding the method of
voting can be obtained at these places.
NEXT TO-DAT.
w {t]i D r . Pierre's
LOOKING aHE A D Golden Medical
Discovery. It doesn't work miracles ;
but it does what other medicine can't do
and what doctors say can't be done — un-
til tbey sec it doss right under their noses
— it cures consumption. — Not always ;to
Bay that would he an exaggeration, hut
in r^lar^e majority of cases ; in advauced
cases which have been given up as hope-
less.
The "Discovery" is not called a con-
sumption cure ; it is a blood-maker. It
gives energy to the blood-making organs
to create new blood, full of healthy red
corpuscles. This rapid supply of pure,
rich, red blood drives out all diseases that
have their roots in the blood : Consump-
tion is one of these ; scrofula, malaria,
eczema, erysipelas, catarrh— are others.
It is absurd to doctor them separately as
lung, or skin, or head diseases. They
must be driven out of the blood. You
can rely on the 'Golden Medical Dis-
covery " to do this every time.
It is not a patent medicine.^ It is the
perfected result of 30 years, practical ex-
perience by one of the most skillful phy-
Bicians and eminent medical authorities
in this country:— Dr. R. V. Pierce, Chief
Consulting Physician to the Invalids' Ho-
tel and Surgical Institute, Buffalo, N. Y.
Dr. Pierces 1008 page book. "The People"!
Common Sense Medical Adviser," reached tru
enormous sale of 6K0.000 copies at $1.50 each.
This enormous sale having paid him a fair profit
on the great amount of labor and money ex-
pended in producing; it, he is now giving away
absolutely free soo,o<x> copies, the recipient only
being required to mail to htm. at the above insti-
tution, si one-cent stamp* to cover cost of mail
Us only and th« back will be &<»\ poBt-p*i4.
1 ELEGANT NEW GOODS jj
I Removal Prices I
I We offer the flower of m
1 Priestly's Spring Novel- g
S ■ ties at about the very 3
1 IMPORTATION PRICE. 1
1 Priestly's New Styles at 55.25 Suit I
M Regular price $7 00. M
j| Priestly's Latest Styles at $7 Suit I
3 Kegular price $3 75. H
1 Priestly's Choicest Weaves at |l
ja $8.75 Suit H
m Regular price if 10 50 and $12 50. nj
g Priestly's Victorian Novelties §j
Q at $10.00 Suit a
S Regular price $14 00. fi
1 SEE OUR BLACK DRESS 1
I SKIRTS FOR EASTER WEAR. |
I THE m FRWCISCO |
9 BLACK GOODS I
1 HOUSE, I
1 22 Geary St., near Kearny. I
P TEL.EPHONK GRANT 518. W
Freud's Corset House.
JCBT KECKIVED— A LARGE INVOICE OF
The latest Styles of Bustles and Kip
Forms.
L.ong>waititrri V. I>. "ans Klval Corsets,
C. P. a la -Irene Cornets,
Celebrated Koyal C. T. Corsets,
.Klrßsiit >'. T. French Corners,
Unrivaled Werly Corsets.
Bicycle Corsets.
Thompson's Celebrated jrh
Cove-fifing Corset— Dr. 7^f\M
"Warner's Coraline Health {$&■&s
Corsets. v^, v> af %
Genuine Jenneni Miller _/s^^\ X
Model Kodlce 1 quipoise Jf )
Wal«t*. JHck«on I:ivori1" " V?-'*s?i»T\
Waist, Good Some Corded ft&fjT* 3 !^?
Corset Waists. fc&Ysr
SOLE AGKNTS FOR THE JmWL
1 mpire Stay*, for the Stella -^Mj'R^X
Chest Form and the Stella "^*^^*^gj
ip Forms.
COKSETS MADE TO ORDER AND RE-
PAIRED. FIT GUARANTEED.
nor Illustrated Catalogue sent free to any ad-
-6rc-s.
Km" Hail Orders receive prompt attentio*.
Make No Mistake in Our Address,
M. FREUD & SON,
74 714 Market St. and 10-12 Cr:nt Are. -
NEW WESTERN MOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON BTS.— RB-
modeled and renovated. KIXU, WAKD a CU.
European plan. Kooms BOc 10 *1 50 per day, *1
to $8 per week, *» lo *M per luuntn: ires ■?»«;»;
tad and cola water uvery room: urn .r»M4 14
every room; elevmor ruiu all uiga»
| NOTARY PUBLIC.
/CHARLES H. PHILLIPS. ATTOKNEY-AT.
\J Uw and Notary Public; 638 Market »"., opp»
site Palace Hotel. Telepfcuu* 670. Residence ltU4
*"«U HtNb Twltpbon* ■ tfia* " XML