.. VOLUME LXXXI.-NO. 75.
WAR SEEMS
INEVITABLE
Grecians Enraged by the
Daring Deceit of
Turkey.
ALL PROMISES OPENLY
VIOLATED.
Contrary to Assurances to the
• Powers More Troops Will Be
ly./B Sent to Crete.
$ GREAT EXCITEMENT PREVAILS
AT ATHENS.
Denunciaticns of the Saltan's Dn
p icity Coupled With a remand
That Greece Use Force.
ATHENS, Greece, Feb. 13.-1:15 a. m.—
The greatest excitement prevails here.
The newpapers have issued midnight edi
tions containing a report that the Vali of
Smyrna has chartered a steamer lor the
purpose of transporting troops to Crete,
and this in the face of assurances given to
the powers by the Porte that Turkey
would not send re-enforcements to the
island.
The newspapers and the crowds in the
street declare tnat the action of the Vali is
taken with the full cognizance of the
Porte, which has again proved, if proof is
necessary, that not the slightest confi
dence can be placed in its assurances or
promises.
Hearty denunciations of the Turkish
Government are heard on every hand.
The city is alive at this hour and the
principal streets are lilUd with Greeks,
who demand that the Grecian warships
s-hall prevent the landing of further
troops in Crete. It is believed here that
•orders to that effect have already been
given to Prince George, and there is no
doubt he will carry out his instructions,
in which case war with Turkey would
probably result, unless diplomacy or su
perior force snould be employed to divert
Greece from her determination to protect
the Cretan Christians, and also, perhaps,
to bring aWuTtlie loug-songht-fcr annexa
tion of the island.
CANEA, Crete, Feb. 12.— Cretans
and the foreign Consuls here have agreed
that Halepa shall be regarded as neutral
territory until an attack shall be made on
Canea. In the event of such an attack
being decided upon the Consuls shall
have twenty-four hours' notice. The
commander of the Greek warships here
has promised the commanders of tbe
other war vessels to give tbem forty
hours' notice in the event of his attacking
the town. Prince George, the commander
of the Greek torpedo fleet, has not yet
arrived here.
George Berovitch Pasha, the Christian
Governor ol Crete, having been threatened
b>* the Moslems has, taken refuge in the
Greek consulate and his wife has found
an asylum at the French consulate pend
ing their departure from the island. The
Christians, after a prolonged fight, have
driven the Moslems into Canea and are
. now holding the suburbs of the town.
• BERLIN, Germany, Feb. 12.— Post
of this city this evening publishes an
article in which it says that war between
Greece and Turkey is almost inevitable.
' The paper adds that Turkey is entitled to
allow her troops to cros3 the Thessa
lonian frontier in view of the action of
Greece.
VIENNA, Austria, Feb. 12.— 1t is said
here that a blockade of Crete by the
European powers will be established
" shortly.
LONDON, ETC., Feb. 12.— The Morning
Post will ti,-morrow publish a news
• agency statement that the powers are
unanimous in their condemnation of the
' attitude of Greece and that they will not
allow her to continue her present course.
She must, it is added, abandon the idea of
commencing war with Turkey.
M. Hanotaux, the French Minister, has
intimated proposals that the powers
Crete and that they also powers
r.ckade Crete and that they also occupy
DELYANNIS, PREMIER OF GREECE, LIBERATING CRETE
[Reproduced from the Athens Aristophanes.]
The San Francisco Call
Canea, Retimo and the other centers of
disorder, pending the settlement of the
dispute that will be satisfactory to the
Cretans. Active negotiations on these
proposals are now proceeding.
A high authority at the Foreign Office
to-day told a representative of the
United Associated Presses that he. be
lieved the proposal of M. Hanotaux was a
Franco-Russian scheme to permit Greece
to occupy the island with Prince George,
second son of tbe Ring of the Hellenes, as
Governor-General, the island continuing
to nay tribute to Turkey.
In the House of Commons to-day George
N. Curzon, Parliamentary Secretary to
the Foreign Office, announced that the
latest news received by the Government
showing the situation in Crete was that
the Christians were the aggressors and
were attacking the 'Moslems in many
localities. A large number of Moslems,
Mr. Curzon said, had been killed and
thirteen villages had been burned.
ROME, Italy. Feb. 12.— A semi-official
note has been issued here stating that
Italy will not oppose Greece in any action
the latter country may take on the Cretan
question. It is added that Italy does not
wish to serve in any way.
CZOSXSO J-V OS SITIA.
Christian Insurgent* of Crete to Meet
f/i<» Turkish Troops.
LONDON, Eng., Feb. 12.— The Times
has a dispatch from Canea stating that
Prince George of Greece with four torpedo
boats and one transport has arrived there.
The dispatch adds that reports from all
parts of the island add to the gravity of
the situation.
An Italian officer has been sent to Kis
samo to inquire into the condition of af
fairs there. It was at this place where
twenty-two Moslems were killed on
February 7. The Christians then sud
denly began firing in the streets and the
Moslems stampeded, making no resistance
to their assailants. Seven persons were
beheaded with swords, including three
women and two cnildren. The Christians
fired a volley at a Turkish warship which
arrived at Kissamo yesterday.
The insurgents are closing around Sitia.
The inhabitants of that town begged the
Governor of Hcraklion to send troops to
their assistance, and the Governor in re
sponse to their appeal ordered 300 Bashl-
Bazouks and a detachment of regulars to
proceed at once to Sitia. The troops had
embarked on a vessel to carry them to
their destination when an order was re
ceived from the Governor countermand
ing the previous order, the Vice-Consuls
having opposed the dispatch of troops.
An attack was made to-day upon the
arsenal of Suda by a body of Christians.
The attack was met with an artillery fire,
and the Christians were compelled to re
tire. \\\\\\m%
TO IX TAD TULtSALOXIA.
; But Greek* mil Attempt to Keep Out j
ihe Marauders.
LONDON, Eire., Feb. 12.— The Athens j
correspondent of the Daily News tele- i
graphs that Turkey is forming the ma- '
rauding bands of Albania into bodies that i
will be employed to invade Tbessalonia. ,
The Greek Government is fully alive to I
the danger in this direction and is hasten- j
ing troops to the frontier to repel any
attempted invasion of Grecian territory.
It is reported that a collision has already
occurred between the troops and the
Albanians on the frontier. '
A dispatch from Constantinople says
that the Cretan insurgents are known to
be concentrated in the vicinity of Canea
awaiting the arrival of arms, ammuni
tion and equipment from Shaica, on the
coast near the western extremity of the
island of Crete, where they have been
landed by expeditions from Greece. When
these supplies are received, the dispatch
says, it is the intention of the insurgents
to make an attack on Canea. The dis
patch adds that the Turkish authorities
are now convinced that the pacification of
tbe island can only be effected by Euro
pean occupation.
fires at * retf Extinguished.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 13.— A special
cable dispatch to the Herald from Canea,
Crete, says: The fires are extinguished.
Tranquility is restored. The Christians
have left The Turks in the district of
Retimo have returned to town.
The Stanton* to be arrested.
MONTREAL, Quebec. Feb. 12.— 1t is
learned here that the Stantons, man and
wife, who are said to have kidnaped the
American millionaire Richardson, are
under surveillance in England and that
they will be arrested as soon as the neces
sary papers are obtained.
Must Leave the Island.
HAVANA, Cuba, Feb. 12.— Hernando
Pino Hernandez, Ambrosio Garcia and
lgnacio Sandoval, naturalized American
citizens who were under arrest, have been
turned over to Consul General Lee on
condition that they leave the island.
SAN, FRANCISCO, SATURDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 13, 1897.
By his bold stand in sending a fleet of warships to the island of Crete to protect Christians in their religious warfare with
Moslems, King George has attracted the attention of the civilized world. Diplomats eagerly await the complications that
must ensue in the event of European powers attempting to interfere. Grecians declare they will prevent Turkey from landing
re-enforcements on Crete, while the Ottoman empire calmly says such re-enforcements will not be sent. During yesterday,
however, it developed that Turkey had violated its assurances to the Powers by preparing to send there-enforcements.
SAYS THE SOUTH
SEEKS A PUCE
Colonel Buck Visits Major
McKinley in Evans '
5^ -Interests. £#*
Lawyers Call in Reference to
the Selection of a Patent
Commissioner.
Prominent Negroes Ask That One of
Their Race Be Appointed Reg.
istra of the Treasury.
CANTON, Ohio. Feb. 12.— Major Mc-
Kinley's callers to-day numbered more
than 150, and many of them had to wait
several hours before they saw him. A
flag indicating that Lincoln's Lirthday
wa« by no means forgotten floated from a
window. The significant caller of the day
was Colonel A. E. Buck of Atlanta, Ga.,
who is one of the most influential Repub
licans in the South. To the correspond
ent of the United Associated Presses
Colonel Buck said: "Major J. F. Hanson
of Macon, Ga., is talked of by our people
in connection with the Cabinet, but he is
not an applicant or an aspirant for the
portfolio. H. Clay Evans has a great
many friends through the South, and he
would make a most excellent, Cabinet offi
cer. He is a representative man. The
South could be and would be proud of
him."
"Is there much foundation for the ob
jection that Mr. Evans is not a typical
Southerner because he was born in the
North?" was asked.
•'I think not. The objection comes
from the politicians rather than the peo
ple. Mr. Evans has lived thirty years in
the South and that fact ought to natural
ize him, so to speak. My belief is that
KING GEORGE OF GREECE.
the Republican party in the South would
be greatly strengthened and encouraged
by the appointment of a Southern man to
the Cabinet and I think it will be done."
Colonel Buck may himself become a
possibility.
Among the first callers this morning
were four Chicago men, Thomas A. Ban
ning, Charles K. Offield, Philip C. Dyxen
forth and Douglas Dyrenforth, who rep
resented the patent law association of Chi
cago. Mr. Binning presented a printed
memorial adopted, at a meeting of the as
sociation a few days agu. - The association
recommends that the appointee for iCom
missioner of Patents be a man thoroughly
acquainted with the patent laws, but did
not name any one for the position. Major
McKinley listened attentively to the read
ing and at its conclusion thanked the
committee and through them the associa
tion for the suggestion and assured them
the subject would be given careful con
sideration.
Francis T. Root of Connellsville, Ind.,
and Colonel William R. Holloway of
Indianapolis were callers to-day. Colonel
Holloway is a well indorsed and hopeful
candidate for the position of Public Printer.
John P. Elkins and J. M. Clark of Penn
sylvania called to urge the appointment
of Governor Hastings to the Cabinet.
There were a numb-r of colored Republi
cans at the home of Major McKinley to
day. A delegation of four, consisting of
Rev. Horace Talbert, Dr. E. P. Clemens,
Lincoln Green of Dayton, and S. M.
Smothers of Colfax, lowa, came to confer
with the President-elect concerning
patronage for their race. ■ There are three
prominent colored men, Bishop Arnett,
B. K. Bruce and John R. Lynch, who
have been mentioned for Registrar of the
Treasury, and the visitors would like to
see one of them appointed.
At 3 o'clock this afternoon sixty mer
chant tailors, ; delegates to the National
convention of their. craft, in .session at
Cleveland, called on the President-elect
and shook hands with him.
WILL rKEIEXT IVSIOX.
An Interesting BUI Jielating ■ to Ballots
\- Passed by the lowa Senate.
DES MOINES, lowa, Feb. 12.— The Sen
ate to-day passed an act which is expected
to make fusion of political parties prac
tically impossible in the future. It has
been favorably reported in the House, so
there is little doubt it will become law.
It is a provision that no candidate's name
shall be printed twice on the same Aus
tralian ballot. Last fall the names of
some candidates appeared in as many as
live places on the ballots, the Democratic
nominations being indorsed by all other
parties except the Republicans. The Pop
ulists have declared they will not fuse if
they must give up their party distinction
and name, as they would have to do
under this law, and this the Silveritcs
generally regard as a severe blow at their
triple alliance of Democrats, Populists and
Silver Republicans. If all parties vote for
the same candidates on one. ticket the
other parties, aside from that under
whose name the ticket is printed, go out
01 official existence, as the new law re
quires that a party cannot have Its tickets
on the ballot unless it shall have polled
2 per cent of 'the vote at the previous elec
tion. The Populists on this ground will
decline to fuse. <-'*H
PicWer Jet in the Lead.
PIERRE. S. D., Feb. 12.— 1n the joint
session of the Legislature to-day the vote
for Senator was as follows: Pickler 47,
Kyle 23, Goodyfcoontz 22, Plowman 8,
scattering 3. P.owman lost one vote to
Kyle. There is no apparent prospect of
a break in the deadlock.
Settled for lit If a Million.
DULUTH, Miss.. Feb. 12— The case of
Alfred Merritt vs. J. D. Rockefeller, grow
ing out of the consolidation of the iron
Interests on . the Mesaba range, which
finally got into Rockefeller's control is
reported to have been settled for $500 000
in cash paid to Merritt. . It is understood
here that all the members of the Merritt
family who have suits against Rockefeller
have joined in the 'settlement.. The total
claims would aggregate $4,000,000 or
$5,000,000. , . .
AN IMPORTANT
MIME DEAL
Consolidation of the Aztec,
Carbonite and Trinidad
Properties.
But the Purchase Price of the
Syndicate Is Not Made
Public.
This Means a Big Boom in Bonanzas
That Are Located at Monterey,
Mtx co.
MONTEREY, Mexico, Feb. 12.—
most important mining deal ever made in
this State was consummated to-day In the
consolidation of the Carbonite, Trinidad
and Aztec silver lead mines, and the sale
of the controlling interest in the Consoli
dated Aztec Mining Company stock to a
syndicate of local millionaires. The pur
chase price has not been made public, but
it is known that ie involved a large
amount of money.
The newly elected officers are: Francisco
Armendaise, president; Thomas Mendi
richaga, treasurer; Adolfo Zambrano, sec
retary. The representatives of the heavi
est estate of California spent some weeks
here before and after the holidays endeav
oring to secure control of these three bo
nanza mines, which cover 2000 acres of
the best mineral-bearing .ground on Mitre
Mountain, and it was reported from the
New York offices of the estate that the pur
chase would be effected. Therefore much
surprise ensued in mining circles when it
became known that local capitalists had
made the trade. M|s3
These mines were . located early in 1895
by a couple of American . miners, who
brought them out with remarkable skill
and great rapidity, and their success has
.given a strong impetus to mining in this
State. ."*,.-
The new management will begin the
construction of a system of aerial wires
and cables to bring the ores from the
several workings to a central point at the
base of the mountain for transportation
Carson Racetrack, Where Stuart Will Erect His Pavilion for the Fight.
: over a short surface tramway to the Mexi
can National Railroad, thence to Monte
rey smelters, six miles distant. Compe
tent mining engineers report over 100,000
tons of ore in sight, with every Indication
of still greater quantities ahead. Besides
silver, the ore carries gold, lime and Iron
in combination, and is said by smelting
experts to be the finest fluxing. ore ever
known on the American continent, in that
it contains less than one per cent of silica
or other insoluble matter. It is estimated
that with cable and tramway facilities the
cost of mining and transportation to the
Monterey smelters will ba less than $1 a
ton.
The resultant effects of this big deal
will be important and far reaching. . It
means the immediate construction of an
other mammoth silver lead smelting plant
in Monterey, the extension of the mineral
railroad and a greater demand for silicious
ores from outside camps. The phenom
enal prosperity of the Monterey smelters is
due primarily to the mixing of local flux
ing ores with the silicious high-grade min
eral from Pachuca, Poses, Catorie,
Durango and many other districts
throughout the republic of Mexico.
For several weeks past Leon Signoret,
representative of tbe Bank of London and
Mexico, has been endeavoring to organize
a new smeller company to operate in this
city. On being advised of the Aztec com
bination he immeaiately became asso
ciated with the syndicate, and now states
that the necessary capital, $1,200,000, has
been subscribed, and that the construc
tion of the smelter will be carried on vig
orously. He advises, further, that a
branch of the Bank of London and Mexico
will be established in Monterey as soon as
suitable quarters can be secured. Newton
R. Wilson, who built the Monterey smelter
in 1891 and operated it successfully for
three years, will probably be the manager
of the new company. The smelter will
probably be located on the Monterey Min
eral Railroad, and J. A. Robertson, the
owner of the road, has agreed to place a
third rail on it for tbe accommodation of
both the narrow and standard gau,;e roads
entering into this city.
DRIVEN OVER A PRECIPICE.
Spanish Guerrillas Raid a Camp ot
Pacificos and Murder Men, Women
and Children.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 12.— A Key
West special to the World says: Captain
Maradras of Riveras' army, writing to a
friend here, relates a revolting story of
Spanish barbarity toward pacificos in
Pinar dol Rio province.
At Mount Wanda about forty-five pa
cificos — men, women and children — had
established a camp on a high bluff over
looking the ocean inlet. Last week one of
Colonel Manderina's bands of Spanish
guerrillas got wind of it and raided the
place late one afternoon, while many of
the men were absent. *
Advancing up the hillside quietly they
surprised the people, pouring in a de
structive volley as they appeared in the
open at the top of the cliff.
The terrified women and children and
what few men were there attempted to
escape, but the guerrillas closed around
them and drove them back with fixed
bayonets and waving sabers. Eight were
killed at the first volley. Slowly the
guerrillas advanced, cutting down or
shooting all who tried to break through
their lines.
Driving tbe wretched people before them
like sheep, the inhuman butchers marched
up, forcing them nearer and nearer to the
edge of the precipice.
The women fell on their knees and
pleaded for mercy, but the soldiers re
plied with coar?e jests and cruel cuts of
their sabers, driving them over the preci
pice into the waters far below. Not a per
son of the entire camp escaped, some
thirty- in all.
ENCOUNTERED FURIOUS GALES.
But the Stanch American Liner St. Paul
Finally Crossed the At/antic
Safely.
SOUTHAMPTON, Exo., Feb. 12.— The
American Line steamer St. Paul, from
New York February 3, concerning the
non-arrival of which at this port there
was a great deal of anxiety, passed Hurst
Castle at 8:35 o'clock this evening and
reached her dock about two hours later.
Captain Jamison told a representative
of the United Associated Presses that for
five days out from New York the weather
was the severest he had ever known.
Throughout the five days there was a
succession of terrible northeast gales ac
companied by a very heavy sea.
The North G rman Lloyd steamer
Trave, Captain Thaienhorst, from New
York February 3, arrived here at 12:15
o'clock this morning. She reports a tem
pestuous voyage and much delay by fog,
which accounts for the extreme length of
her voyage.
General Couch Dead.
NORWALK, Conn-.. Feb. 12.— General
Darius N. Couch died shortly after 10
o'clock to-night.
Sirs. Beecher Bests Easy:
STAMFORD, Conn., Feb. 12.— Mrs.
Henry Ward Beecher is' reported resting
comfortably to-night.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
ALL ABOARD
FOR CARSON
Strangers by Trainloads
Going to Nevada's
Capital.
PLANS FOR THE FIGHT
PROCEED.
Residents of the City Hold a
Meeting and Decide Not to
Cinch Visitors.
ALREADY THERE IS A DEMAND
FOR TICKETS.
Mejor Hooper of the Occidental Hotel
Providing lor the Army and
Navy Officers.
CARSON, Nev., Feb. 12.— There was a
trainload of strangers dumped into Car
son to-day. They were men looking for
locations to do business, newspaper cor
respondents and sports.
Arrivals of strangers no longer excite
comment, ana when they register at the
hotels they are so thick that they don't
even get a notice in the local press. From
all over the United States newspaper men
are hurrying to the scene of action to beat
rivals in all the great cities of the Union,
and yet the fight is more than a month
away and the principals have not reached
the ground. How many men will it take
to put up a pavilion that will hold 30,000
people? is the question that agitates every
one except the people who have to put it
up. The least concerned man ot all is the
imperturbable Dan Stuart, who takes
things easy and never lets anybody hurry
him.
It has been the opalescent dream of
Stuart's life to pull off a championship
battle without being chased all over the
country by the milititia and constabulary
and being sat down on by the various
Governors of Montana, Missouri and
Texas. He can now snap his fingers at all
these people and have the satisfaction of
selling them tickets at the ringside at $10
apiece and upward.
To-day the first indication that the fight
was livening up business was noticeable
on Main street, when a four-horse load of
lumber went down the street toward
Shaws Springs for the erection of Cor
bett's handball court. As the outfit went
along the street it was halted a dozen
times to let the camera fiends get a shot
at it.
Mr. Jaynes, superintendent of the West
ern Union Telegraph Company, arrived
on the morning train, and began to bunt
quarters for the location of an office. The
present office over the Bullion Bank is
small and on the second floor, so he se
cured the old Tribune office in the Odd
Fellows' building. He will begin at once
stringing extra wires from Reno, probably
putting in eight. They will not re
quire extra poles, but what are already
up will be strengthened with supports.
They will rut in a Wheatstone system
capable of sending 150 words a minnte to
Chicago, which will be one of their big
distributing points, and a number of quad
ruple! "instruments. It will require
2000 extra cells for the extra battery, and
on the night of the fight at least thirty
extra men will be required to handle
the work.
He has arranged for a number of extra
men to go on after the sth of next month.
The wires will also run into the pavilion
and the operators will be under the re
porters' stand. The desks will communi
cate with the operators' tables by means
of tubes and "copy" will be shot through
into the telegraphers' tables the same as
the service is managed in the big National
conventions.
Dan Stuart has located his headquarters
next the Bullion Bank and will begin to
occupy the place to-day. The pavilion
will be an inclosure thirty feet high cov
ered with canvas with tiers of seats rising
from the ring capable of seating 30,000.
After the first fight a permanent structure
will be built.
Stuart says the general admission wUI
not be over $3, but of course the reserved
seats and choice locations next the ring
will command fancy prices.
Orders continue to nour in for seats. The
first man to apply for the best reserved
seats in the house and nearest the ring
was Major Hooper of the Occidental, who2
wants the first seats sold regardless of
price. These are for the army and navy
officers stopping at the Occidental. They
have chartered a private car and will come
up as an excursion party and want their
seats all together.
They will also bring considerable money
to invest on Corbelt. They have also
wired for sidetrack privileges nearest the
pavilion, and as far as heard from want
the best of everything regardless <i\ cost.
Sporting clubs of London, New York and
Chicago hava wired for seats, and already
Stuart has had applications for over 3000
seats. This he regards as but the prelim
ary patter of the storm that is to come.
The courtroom this evening was packed
with people. Mayor Yerington acted as
chairman and District Attorney McGowan
as secretary. Mr. Wneelock explained
the way of handling large crowds and told
them what they might expect in the way
of a jam. Speeches were made by Al
Livingston, John G. Fox, D. Kitzmeyer,
H. Olcovich, Assemblyman Demi sey and
others. The general tenor of tbe speeches
were that the city must not fail to have
a roof over the head of every visitor with
plenty to eat and no advantages must be
taken to raise prices or it might be the last
big gathering. If the visitors were well
treated they would come again and pros
perity would follow the wake of the pres
ent hard times.
The meeting adjourned amid great en
thusiasm.
WILL XOT BE '-LuXG GREEXED.'
J-iizsimmens Takes Precautions for the
Coming Battle.
OMAHA, Nebr., Feb. 12.— Robert Fitz
simmons and his party passed through
Omaha this afternoou on tneir wav to
Nevada. In conversation with Manager
Julian it was learned that he tears an at
tempt will bo made by CorOett's San
Francisco friends to make the big fight
another Sharkey fiasco. He assures an
intimate friend here that he had positive
information that such a scheme was on
foot and that he had already taken pre
cautions to counteract it. A large party
of Fitzsimmons' friends in New Orleans
will be on hand to break up any plan
which the San Francisco sports may be
incubating.
''Let the public understand," said Mr.
Julian, "that Fitzsimmons is in better
fighting condition to-day than I have
ever seen him. All this talk about his not
being in good training is rot— nothing but
rot."
Fitzdmmons says he is feeling first
rate and is positive now that he can whip
Corbett if he can get his opponent inside
the ring. The party will stop in Denver,
Colorado Springs, Salt Lake and possibly
Leadville, arriving in Carson on Thurs
day.
SHARKEY GOT.SG TO CARS OX.
Will Be in the Front Bow and Challenge
the Winner.
VALLEJO, Cal., Feb. 12.— Tom Sharkey
is in town, and to The Call representa
tive this afternoon he said that he would
be in the front row when Corbett and
Fi'.z-dmmotis stepped in the ring at Car
son and that he would challenge the win
ner to fight for any amount up to $20,000.
He did not care where the right would
come off, and would be ready at any time
within three weeks after the Nevada fight
took place. He dil not suppose either of
the two men had any particular love for
him, but that won d make no difference,
and it made no difference to him which
man won, as he would be equally well
pleased to meet one man as the other.
Lle-nse for the Carnival.
CARSON. Nev., Feb. 12. — The first
license to be granted under the new law
regulating glove contests, will be issued
to Dan Stuart to-morrow. The document
will be photographed by the newspaper
artists now in the city and afterward
framed for exhibition. The number of
contests to be held under the license is
not specified and it is presumed that the
holder may embody as many events as he
desires in the carnival of sports which he
is permitted to hold.
IXTi.RJSAXIVXAL CHESS
Match Between Experts of This Country
and Great Britain.
. NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 12—
morning at 10 o'clock the second interna
tional chess match between the United
Kingdom of Great Britain and the United
States of America, with ten players on
each side, commenced. While the Brit
ishers were conducting their games at the
Hotel Cecil in London, the American
team was playing on the stage of the
Brooklyn Acaaemy of Music, where the
Brooklyn Chess Club has made excellent
arrangements for the players, the cable
operators the official scorers and the spec
tators. During the morning and after
noon sittings there were about 500 specta
tors in the building.
Punctually at 10 o'clock Professor L L.
Rice, the British umpire, called time and
the game began. The pairing and the
opening were as follows:
Table; Players. j Openings.
1.... Blackburn- Fillsnury, Two knights defense
>..„ Showaiier-Lacoct. .. Kuy I.opcz
3 — | Atklns-Burrllle • Vienna tame
4.... Barry-Lawrence : P. Q. 4
— Mills-Hymes French defense
6.... Hodges- He 1 Ingham : Huy Lopez
7.... i Blake-Dt-lmar French defense
8 — Helms-Jackson j Kur Lopez
9.... j cole- Teed i P. Q. 4
10.. .. | McCutcheon -Jacobs Counter center gambit
Great Britain played white on the odd
numbered tables aud the Americans on
the even-numbered boards.
At 2 o'clock an adjournment was taken
until 3p. m. Shortly after play had been
resumed McCutcheon, who was playing
on the tenth board, resigned after twenty
seven moves, while play in the other
eames was continued until 6:30. when a
second adjournment was made. Piay will
be continued to-morrow.
Brady Knocked His Man Out.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 12. — The
principal attraction at the South Brook
lyn Athletic Club to-night was the
twenty-five round bout at 125 pounds
between Tommy White of Chicago and
Billy Whistler of Philadelphia, which
ended in a draw. In the third round
Whistler knocked White down and nearly
out with a left swing on the jaw, but the
call of time saved him. The preliminary
bout was between Billy O'Donnell of New
York and Tom Brady of New York, ten
rounds at 120 pounds. Brady knocKed his
man out in the third round.
Waller in the Lead.
PITTSBURG, Pa., Feb. 12.— The scores
at mi might in the seventy-two-hour bi
cycle race , (sixty hours) were: Waller,
1033 miles 3 laps; Gimm, 1031, 4; Schock,
1020, 2; Forster, 931, 4; Reuchel, 922. 5.
Gimm was given too much stimulant's by
his trainer and as a result fall from his
wheel, losing li teen miles. Waller took a
cramp, and before midnight Gimm had
almost regained bis lost ground.
Crowds at the Cycle Show.
' NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 12.—
withstanding the heavy snowstorm fully
8000 people visited : the cycle show to-day.
The exhibitors without any exception ex
pressed themselves as satisfied with the
show, and, though the feeling in the trade
generally is against future National ex
hibitions, manufacturers and dealers are
united in the praises of the Eastern ex
hibition.
SUNDAY RACING
NOT APPROVED
California's L A. W. Dele
gates Split on the
Question.
Professional Wheelmen Again
Excluded by an Overwhelm
ing Vote.
Lively Debates in the League Assem
bly on Various Constitutional
Amendments.
ALBANY. N. V., Feb. 12.— pre
vious day and last night's banquet has
been too much for the delegates, and it
was 10:30 o'clock this morning before
President Elliott called the L. A. W. as
sembly to order. About fifty delegates
were present.
Amendments to the constitution were
taken up. Secretary Bassett's amend
ment to article 2 was first called up. It
provides that States having less than
twenty-five resident members shall be
called consulates, California to be consid
ered as two States. Adopted.
Mr. Collins moved that local option be
given divisions to control their own rep- \
resentation on the State board, not to
affect the National board. Adopted.
Mr. Welch of California moved to amend
article 5 by striking out the words "league
clubs" and allowing any club to be repre
sented on the National board.
Mr. Hines of California moved as an
amendment that the membership in the
league to entitle it to representation on
the State board be reduced from fifty to
twenty.
Mr. Sheridan of Illinois wanted to
amend this by proposing that the divi
sions be allowed to settle this matter for
themselves. This latter amendment was
adopted as a substitute for the others.
Mr. Roberts of New York moved that
the word "otherwise" be stricken from
article 3, section 9, so that an amateur be
permitted to change his prizes as long
as he does not turn them into cash.
Adopted.
Secretary Bassett moved to make article
3, section 1, read that all other white
wheelmen shall be eligible to associate
membership, striking out the word "ama
teur." This would include professionals.
A great deal of discussion ensued over the
word "associate," it being the general
sentiment that they be admitted into full
membership.
A motion was introduced by Mr. Sheri
dan of Illinois that the word "associate"
be stricken out.
W. R. Tucker of Pennsylvania arose
and bitterly denounced the amendment.
A number of others spoke favorably on it.
Mr. Monaghan of Southern California
associated professional riders with horse
jockeys.which evoked a storm of disap
proval.
Mr. Jenkins of Buffalo was opposed to
any distinction between amateurs and
professionals.
J. B. Reynolds said the admission of
professionals into the league would be in
jurious and would retard the work.
Mr. Rudd of Buffalo put a puzzling
question to the assembly by asking if
those present had ever examined their
own amateur status.
A. B. Choaie of Minneapolis said the
best class of people of his city would not
become members if the amendment
passed.
Mr. Willis of Maryland said that the
league was at present associated with a
class of people that racing boards were
having the most trouble with — amateurs;
that it was useless to keep professionals
out, Tha discussion became exciting. As
each speaker would take his seat half a
dozen would be on their feet. There were
loud calls for the question.
Mr. Bassett's amendment was put and
lost by an overwhelming vote.
The motion removing all restrictions
and admitting all white persons to mem
bership was put to a vote, but the result
could not be determined, and a second
rollcall was ordered. The amendment
was lost, lacking the necessary two-thirds
vote.
W. R. Tucker moved that a committee
of three be appointed to draft a new con
tract with the publisher of the Bulletin.
This was adopted.
An amendment offered by Mr. Cooke of
Rhode Island, that any white wheelman,
18 years of age or over, of good moral
character, be eligible to membership, was
then considered. A vote was taken on
the amendment and it was lost, 159 to 96.
T. B. Kirby of Columbia College, presi
dent of the Intercollegiate Association,
was given the privilege of the floor. He
asked that in justice and in courtesy io
the association the league change the
article stating that no amateur rider re
ceive any remuneration for his services,
nor that bis expenses be paid. This was
an justice to collegians as they did not
receive remuneration, but their expenses
were paid. He said if this change should
be made it would bring thousands of new
members to the league.
Mr. Kirby was requested to submit an
amendment, which lie did. It reads that
contestants ofclasical colleges or schools
at intercollegiate or other meets shall be
governed by the rules of the Intercol
legiate Association. It was unanimously
adopted. This is what the colleges have
been contending for the past year, and
the threatened split between the two or
ganizations has been averted. Recess was
taken until 2 o'clock.
A bare quorum was present when the
hour for catling for the afternoon session
arrived. Vice-President Ko«sum occupied
the chair. A number; of Western dele
gates returned home during the recess.
An effort was made to get the Sunday
racing question before the assembly out
of its or der, but was defeated.
E. W. Roberts of Missouri submitted an
amendment providing that the racing
board provide for amateur and profes
sional National championship events at
the league meet, the races to be the same
in number and distance. It was adopted.
Mr. Cooke of Rhode Island submitted
an amendment to article 5, section 8, in
the event of a contested election In any
division it must be referred first to the di
vision rights and privileges committee,
and. in case of an appeal, be carried to the
National rights and privileges committee.
Adopted.
Mr. Welch of Northern California
moved the addition of Mr. Roberts'
amendment to article 4, section 7, that the
racing board shall grant sanctions for rac
ing meetings to be veld on Sunday in such
divisions in which the board officers of the
division . shall adopt a resolution permit
ting the same; that such resolution shall
be subject o revocation at any time by the
board of officers filling the same.
Mr. Welch explained how it would
affect the wheeling interests of California
if this was not passed, and he said the
people of his State wanted Sunday racine.
The racing restrictions have driven the
riders in California to violate the league
rules. He claimed that Sunday was being
turned into a day of amusement in his
State, and the authorities do not prohibit
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1897.
Sunday racing, and he could not see why
it should be barred by the L. A. W. '
Mr. Monaghan of Southern California
opposed the league granting sanctions for
Sunday racing, and said it was obnoxious
to 75 per cent of the league. He said that
the only piece that Sunday racing bad
been tried was in California, and
it proved a dismal failure and had the
effect of injuring the legitimate meets
h< Id the next week. The people would
not attend meets held on Sunday, and
Sunday baseball has proven to be a failure
in that State. °. /';
He claimed that the granting of local
option would injure the league. If it was
passed half of the Southern California
membership would be lost and his divi
sion was heartily opposed to it. In regard
to the report that the West would secede
if this measure was not adopted he said
there was no foundation for it.
A. E. Dunning wanted the assembly to
stop and investigate so as to be on the safe
side. To pass the resolution was to tread
on dangerous ground. To be on the safe
side the league should vote it down.
E. W. Hartwell of Denver said the cus
toms prevailing in the different Darts of
the country were entirely opposite. He
di.l not think that it would injure or affect
the league if the amendment was adopted
and he heartily indorsed it.
J. Kerrigan of Northern California said
that if the league did not see fit to grant
the sanction the delegates from California
would accept the action of the league with
good grace. He said Sunday was the only
day that t c people could be pot out lor
pleasure, as they were so busy other days.
He said all the wheelmen and prominent
persons in bis section were in favor of
Sunday racing. Not an official could be
found to oppose Sunday racing and the
pulpit had never uttered anything against
it. To deny it was to strike at the roots of
prosperity of the wheelmen of Northern
California. He wanted tbe league to give
it a trial, and if it was not conducted in a
proper manner to repeal it if necessary.
A. C. Wiliiston of Maryland said he was
opposed to State rights, but this was not
mat kind of a question. A racing ques
tion could be confined to a locality and
would not have any effect on other States.
The morality was a matter for the places
affected to decide.
J. B. Townsend of New York said he did
not consider Sunday racing wiong. It
was, however, not a question of sympathy
but one of business. It would be bad
policy for the L. A. W. to pass any
amendments sanctioning Sunday racing.
It had to cater so the moral sense of the
majority of the people, and they were op
posed to it. and local opinion would not
alter the feeling with which it would be
received in the States that opposed it.
Chairman Gideon said the racing board
was unanimous in wishing to adopt local
option. A. C. Miller of lowa opposed it.
The question was put and a vote was
called lor. The vote resulted 77 for and
161 against- It was declared lost.
Amendments that the assemply appro
priate a fixed sum annually lor the presi
dent to use as expenses, increasing the
bond of the secretary to $10,000 and in
creasing the treasurer's bond to $15,000
were adopted.
The racing board reported ICO names
with a recommendation for reinstatement.
An amendment was introduced to have
the National assembly fix the place lor
the holding of the annual meet. It was
lost.
Fred Gerlach of Illinois introduced a
substitute resolution covering roadracing.
It was to the effect that the board, in con
junction with the Century Road Club,
control roadracing and purify the sport,
the board to have the power to suspend
violaters of the rules. . :
W. H. Hinkie of Cleveland, president
of the Century Road Club, was extended
the privil-ces of the floor, but he pre
vailed upon Mr. Williston to speak for
him. He wanted the lcairue to approve
competition on the highways. The
amendment was adopted.
W. S. Jenkins of Buffalo introduced an
amendment to the effect that the assembly
attach a fixed salary to the office of the
chairman of the Racine Board. A proxy
vote was demanded. The vote resulted:
Ayes, 82; noes, 139.
A recess was then taken until 7:30
o'clock this evening.
At the evening session Mr. Roberts
called attention to the fact that all league
business had been transacted for the meets
this year. He asked that the assembly
entertain a motion to select St. Louis for
the assembly next year. The question
was put and was unanimously carried.
This took the matter out of the hauds of
the executive committee. Mr. Roberts as
sured the delesates a warm welcome to St.
Louis next year.
Dr. Black ran of New York introduced a
resolution that the secretary renumber
the members and the lowest numbers be
guien to the oldest members. Carried.
Mr. Potter reported the committee had
made a new contract with Mr. Elliott for
the publication of the Bulletin as the offi
cial organ.
On motion of Mr. Mott the report was
accepted and the executive committee
was authorized to executive the contract.
Mr. Potter introduced a resolution that
the president, two vice-presidents, the
secretary and treasurer constitute a loan
company to help divisions in need.
The fee for sanctions was reduced from
$10 to $5.
Mr. Potter moved that the racing board
be recommended to reinstate Fred J. Titus
March 15. Mr. Mott introduced a resolu
tion, which was accepted by Mr. Potter,
that if Mr. Titus made a written applica
tion to the racing board and apologized for
his conduct his suspension be raised. It
was unanimously adopted.
Mr. Bissell, on" behalf of the assembly,
presented to Mr. Elliott the official gavel.
A rising vote of i hanks was tendered to
the outgoing officers. Adjourned sine die.
WARSHIPS IN ROUGH WEATHER.
Storms and Fogs That Temporarily Pre
vent Any Fleet Maneuvers at
Charleston.
CHARLESTON, S. C, Feb. 12. —The
battle-ship Indiana and the dynamite
cruiser Vesuvius arrived off Charleston
bar last night. Contrary io all expecta
tions, the cruiser 'made no effort at all to
come into the harbor or to run the block
ade. She came to anchor near the other
side of the squadron and is still lying
there. The Indiana had an uneventful
trip down the coast. The Newark and
the Massachusetts are hourly expected to
join the fleet. It is now believed that the
actual attempt to run the blockade will be
postponed until all of the fleet are here,
though no official information on the sub
ject is obtainable. It was so rough and
foggy outside last night that little work
could be done by the ships, and so strong
a sea is running off the bar that the gun
practice of the fleet is materially inter
fered with.
This afternoon the cruiser Marblehead
came up to the city and anchored off the
Battery. She has received orders to pro
ceed to Jacksonville Monday, and it is
understood that she will go from there to
Mobile in a few days.
Little or nothing was done by the war
ships during the day.
The Vesuvius was anchored to the right
of the vessel and gave no intimation of an
attempt to run the blockade. The dyna
mite cruiser, in fact, was apparently hav
ing an uncomfortable time of it in the
heavy sea that was running. She was
rolling and plunging about in a manner
that rendered a footing on her decs inse
cure to landsmen. The Amphitrite was
coaled during the day, but she will not
rejoin the fleet until to-morrow.
Receiver for a Small Bank.
SIOUX CITY, lowa, Feb. 12.— W. L.
Frost was to-day appointed receiver for
the Commercial Savings Bank of Leeds,
a suburb of . this city. The bank is a
small one and has been weak since the
liquidation of the Corn Exchange
National Bank of this city, of which it
was an offshoot. Liabilities, exclusive of
capital stock, amount to $11,500: assets
$37,956.
CANAL PROJECT
NOT DEAD YET
Morgan Wants the Clayton-
Bulwer Treaty Ab
rogated.
The Senate Asks Spain's Aid for
a Newspaper Correspondent
in Cuba.
The West Point Cadets May Yet
•Take Part in the Inaugural
Ceremonies.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 12.— The
Senate joint resolution appropriating $5000
to enable the Secretary of the Treasury to
pay the expenses of the inaugural cere
monies was presented and passed; also a
bill to authorize tbe appointment of an
additional Judge of the United States
court in the Indian Territory.
A bill was introduced by Frye (R.) of
Maine for the participation of the cadets !
of the military and naval academies in
the inaugural parade.
A resolution was offered by Hill (D.) of
New York, and was agreed to, reciting the
facts in regard to the arrest in Cuba of
Sylvester Scovel, newspaper correspond
ent, and requesting the Secretary of State
to use his good offices with the Spanish
Government in Scovel's behalf so as to
have him removed to Havana.
A joint resolution was introduced by
Morgan (D.) of Alabama and went over
until to-morrow declaring the Clayton-
Bulwer treaty of April 19, 1850, abrogated.
The resolution offered yesterday by Pet
tigrew (Sil.) of South Dakota instructing
the Committee on Public Lands to inves
tigate the issue of the Perrine patent to
lands in Flor.da was laid before the Sen
ate and was under the rule referred to the
Committee on Contingent Expenses.
The Indian appropriation bill was re
ported and placed on the calendar. The
bill, which was recalled from the President
some days ago, to repeal the timber cul
ture law was before the Senate, and Hill
(D.) of New York offered a resolution
referring the bill to the Judiciary Com
mittee with instructions to examine and
report whether under the constitution
Congress has the power to recall a bill
from the President after it has passed both
houses and sent to him where no engross
ment error is alleged. Alter some discus
sion the resolution was agreed to.
The. Senate bill referring to the Court of
Claims the claim of Stewart <fe Co. for cot
ton seized by the Government between
1861 and 1802 was passed.
The Senate at 1 r. m. closed the doors
and proceeded to the consideration of
executive business, especially the arbitra
tion treaty.
THE A RBI IRA i TREATY.
Differences tn Executive Session as to
Postponing Action.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 12.— When
the Senate closed the doors this afternoon
and took up the arbitration treaty there
appeared to be a desire to come to some
understanding as to the time when the
vote should be taken. The discussion be
came almost general, and consisted al
most entirely of cross-questioning and an
swers, with nothing definite resulting
therefrom.
Blackburn (D.) of Kentucky said tbe
close of the session was drawing nigh and
some conclusion ought to be reached. The
Senate should know whether it could
reach a vote at this session, or whether it
would be best to postpone action until
after the 4th of March. He was in favor
of postponement, as he did not think the
Senate could give the treaty the consid
eration and the attention that the subjact
demanded at this session. He added that
be might make a motion to postpone
further action until the session of the
Senate that would be convened immedi
ately following the inauguration of Mc-
Kinley.
Senator Hoar of Massachusetts urged
speeay action, and was supported by Sher
man, who expressed the hope that the
matter would not be put over until the
next session. At 5 p. m. the Senate ad
journed until to-morrow.
HTSB •
THE HOUSE O • ' POSIOFFICEB.
The Amount for Free Delivery Was Con
siderably lieducd.
WASHINGTON, D. C. Feb. 12.—Chap
lain Couden, in his prayer referring to the
trouble in Crete, invoked the Lord to
hasten the day when pure and undented
religion might be spread abroad and the
prophecy of old fulfilled.
The House went into committee of the
whole on the postoffice appropriation bills.
General debate was limited to one hour.
Bromwell (R.) of Ohio opposed the item
of $196,000 for special mail facilities be
tween Boston and New Orleans. The fast
mail paragraph was then adopted without
division or amendment.
An amendment offered by Loud at the i
request of the Postoffice Department was
agreed to reducing the amount for exten
sion of the free delivery system from
$140,000 to $90,000, that being sufficient to
meet the needs of the department..
Burton (R.) or Ohio made a point of
order against the paragraph providing
that the marine free delivery system at
Detroit shall hereafter be performed with
rowboats instead of a steam launch.
Settle (R.) of North Carolina said a
steam yacht was now maintained at De
troit at a cost of about $17 per day to pull
a rowboat about 1500 feet. The principal
use of the yacht was as a pleasure boat by
the postoffice officials.
Finally a compromise was reported by
the adoption of an amendment offered by
Southard (R.) of Ohio, giving the Post
master-General discretion to use either
boat or steamer service in delivering the
mails at Detjoit.
Talbert (D.) of South Carolina offered
an amendment increasing from $50,000 to
$100,000 the item for experimental rural
free delivery. Agreed to.
On a point of order made by Bromwell
(R.) ol Ohio the paragraph was stricken
out which authorizes the Postmaster-
General •to expend for other fast-mail
facilities any un« xpended balance of the
current appropriation for special-mail
facilities on trunk lines.
The bill was then reported to the House,
and the amendments adopted in commit
tee were acreed to, except: that increasing
from $50,000 to $100,000 the allowance for
experimental rural iree delivery, which
was defeated— 29 to 12.
The bill was then passed, and the House
again went into committee of the whole,
taking up the sundry civil appropriation
bill. But before the reading of the bill
was completed the committee rose and
the House at 4:45 o'clock adjourned until
to-morrow, doing away with the usual
Friday-night pension session.
Confirmed by the S-nate-
WASHINGTON, D. C. Feb. 12.—
Senate to-day confirmed the following
nominations: Carroll D. Wright to be
Commissioner -of Labor, reappointment;
Martin A. Knapp of New York, to be an
Interstate Commerce Commissioner, re
appointment; also various promotions in
the marine corps and army. -
WHAT WOOL-GROWERS WANT.
An Explanation of Duties Desired on
Various Grades Given by Presi
dent Lawrence.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 12.— The
National Wool-growers' Association took
exception to the statement of their diffi
culties with the manufacturers about the
wool schedule as voiced by Secretary North
of the National Association of Wool
Manufacturers in his interview with a re
porter of the United Associated Presses.
President William Lawrence of the wool
growers voiced his dissent as follows:
The committee of wool manufacturers pro
posed as the highest rate they would aid in
securing duties as follows:
Class 1, wools of the value of 16 cents per
pound or less, a duty of 8 cents per pound; on
wools over 16 cents per pound 10 cents duty ;
double on wash, treble on scoured. The rate
in the McKinley law of 1890, at 11 cents per
pound, without any dividing line as to value,
double on washed, treble on scoured. '
Two— On class 2 wools to the value of 16
cents per pound or less 9 cents per pound; on
wools over 16 cents in value 11 cents per
pound duty. But these wools then come in at
these rates washed, treble duty for scoured.
The rate in the McKinley act was 12 cents in
the same way, treble if scoured.
Three — class 3 wools the ad valorem rates
of the act of 1890; on wools valued at 13 cents
per pound or less 32 per cent, and 50 per cent
over that value.
The committee of the National Wool-growers'
Association declined to agree to these rates,
and they were rejected by a unanimous vote
of the association.
The National Wool-growers' Association
proposed, as the lowest rates of duties to
which they wou d aeree, as follows:
One— On wools of the first and second class
a duty of 12 cents per pound; double on
washed, treble on scoured.
Two— On third-class wools, sometimes called
carpet wools but largely used in the manufac
ture of clothing goods, a duty of 8 cents per
pound unwashed, as they now compete with
and supplant the use of merino and down
wools; double If washed, treble if scoured.
Three— additional duty of 3 cents per
pound on all skirted wools.
The skirting adds to the value of the wool,
because:
First— lt to a large extent saves the cost of
sorting— an expense 01 at least three-fourths
of a cent per pound.
Second— By rejecting the skirts or inferior
portions of the fleece, the skirted part to be
imported into the United States is rendered
more valuable. This was Indorsed by a vote of
the National Wool-growers' Association unan
imously except one dissenting vote. There
was with this exception no division of opinion
among wool-growers so far as known. The com
mittee ot wool manufacturers declined to as
sent to the rales of duty proposed by the wool
growers and the conference of the committee
adjourned sine die.
Tne wool-growers claim that the duty of
eight cents per pound in competition with
skirted Austmlian merino shrinking about 50
per cent in scouring, would not give a pro
tected benefit 01 four cents per pound to Amer
ican merino shrinking iti scouring 66% per
cent per pound. The Import of th.rd clas"
wool at less than eighteen ts would be ruinous
to wool-growers. As to this all the wool
growers were agreed. With the compensatory
duties which the manufacturers will receive
their industry would abundantly prosper un
der these rates.
FIXING TARIFF SCHEDULES.
Small Items in the Iron and Steel Trade
Considered by the Ways and Means
Committee.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 12. — A
number of small items in the iron and
steel schedule occupied the attention to
day of the Republican members of the
Ways and Means Commitee. Nickel was
left on the free list, where it was placed .n
the present law. Type metal, which is
now three-fourths of a cent per pound for
the lead contained therein, and new types,
which are rated at 15 per cent ad valorem,
bave been restored to the McKinley rate
ot 1% cents per pound and 20 cents ad
valorem, respectively. The existing rate
was left on zinc in pigs at 1 cent a pound.
Zinc in sheets, not polished nor lurther
advanced than rolled, I], cents a pound;
old zinc tit only for manufacture, three
fourths of a cent a pound.
The basket clause, which includes
manufactured articles not specially pro
vided for in the present law, composed
wholly or partly of metal and whether
partly or wholly manufactured, was
changed from the existing rate of 35 per
cent ad valorem to the McKinley rate of
45 per cent ad valorem. This practically
finishes the work on the iron and steel
schedule, although certain items which
were passed over this week will receive
consideration later.
The special schedule came up for con
sideration to-day and the committee fixed
the rates on mechanically ground, chemi
cal and bleached wood pulp, which is now
10 per cent ad valorem, at one-twelftb,one
sixth and one-fourth of a cent a pound
respectively. Printing paper suitable only
for books and newspapers, which is now
15 per cent ad valorem, was retained at the
present rate of duty.
CABINET COMMITTEE FAVORED.
Harrison Submits to the House a Favor-
able Report on the Pac fie Roads
Commission Bill.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. Harri
son submitted to the House committee a
favorable report on the "commission" bill
for the settlement of the indebtedness of
the bond-aided Pacific railways. The re
port explains that the committee's ap
proval of the commission plan is due to
the fact that the legislation lor the fore
closure is of snch importance and involves
so many interests and technical details
that it is impossible to place it before
Congress in such manner that intelligent
action can be taken. .
It refers to the foreclosure proceedings
showine that tne road is likely to be fore
closed and the Government's claim against
it disposed of before the next regular ses
sion of Congress.
"If this occurs," the report continues
•the most valuable and important part of
the great line of railway will have passed
into other bands without preservation to
the Govern men' of many of the valuable
rights and privileges it now has."
It is thought tnat a better price can be
obtained for the Union and Central Pa
cific roads if sold jointly than if sold
separately. The report explains tho spe
cial fitness of a Cabinet commission, show
ing that in the departments of theTTreas
ury, Interior and Justice is contained all
information heretofore obtained by the
Government relative to the roads.
■The report declares in conclusion that
"while in. legislative matters large bodies
are preferable, in matters executive small
bodies are more efficient. The high char
acter and official position of the proposed
| commission will facilitate negotiations,
inspire confidence and elicit the approval
of the public."
OF IXTERE&T la THE COAST.
The Sugar Schedule Will Soon Be Made
Public.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 12.— is
learned to-night that the sugar schedule
in the new tariff bill will • be given out for
Nerve
Strength is impossible without pure.rich blood.
That is why nervous people find real and per-
manent relief and cure, health and strength in
HOOQ S
Sarsaparilla
The best— fact the One True Blood Purifier.'
Ufinri'c Pillo are the only pills to take
nUUU 0 rillo with Hood's Sarsaparilla.
publication during the early part of next
week. As this schedule is tbe next in im
portance to that of tbe wool schedule a
great deal of interest is being taken in the
matter and the announcement will be
anxiously awaited.
While the details of the schedule are
not known, it is believed that the new
schedule will be drawn upon the lines of
a specific, instead of an ad valorem, duty,
as now provided in the Wilson bill.
Representatives Hilborn and Johnson
to-day presented the petitions of the Cali
fornia Legislature favoring the restriction
of immigration and asking for a protective
duty on asphalt.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California — Original, Heinrich Blasgen,
Veterans' Home, Napa; Franklin L. Per
kins, Alameda; Joseph Bonney, San
Francisco; William Owens, San Fran
cisco. Increase— Jacob Miller, Whittier.
Originals— widow— Angelina Storrie, Oak-
land.- „ , ,
Original, Marshall M. Brierly,
Hamilton; original widow, Mary A.
Stone, Monmouth.
Washington — Original. James Putnam,
Palouse; Josiah M. D. Warfield, Spokane;
original widow and children, Martha Lit
ton (mother), New Whatcom ; Mary Olsen,
Port Gamble.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Over Seven Mil/ion Dollars Set Apart for
the Proper Protection of
"Poor Lo."
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 12.— The
most important piece of legislation found
in the Indian appropriation bill reported
to the Senate to-day is the report author
izing the Dawes Commission to allot lands
after segregating lands occupied by towns
in the Indian Territory. The bill appro
priate-; $7,329,460, $247,319 in excess of the
bill as it passed the House. The chef
item of increase is one of $141,500 for the
resurvey o: lands of the Chickasaw nations.
For irrigation on Indian reservations an
appropriation of $40,000 is made. Several 1
amendments of a legislative - character
have been incorporated. Competent In
dians are to be given the preference in
employment as farmers, and Indian girls
are to be employed as assistant matrons
at Indian schools. The provision allowing
the Quapaw Indians to lease their lands
in the Indian Territory has been stricken
out. The Sisseton and Wahpeton Indians
are given the right to make leases for
their lands. Disabled Indians are author
ized to till the lands leased to them. A
commicsion is authorized to treat with
the Rosebud or Lower Brule Indians for
NEW TO-DAY.
TOTHE POINT.
Beam — aaasHßg Bgagaßnaaaaaßaßßaßi
.
THIS WEEK
ss&asans&snsa ggggßagaßßMßßaaa
OUR PRICES WILL BE SO
v^ JC ZL r \\sJS^mJL
I HAT EVERYBODY CAN AFFORD
TO GET A NICE NEW \
DINNER SET.
£f\ pi** Pure White English Ware. 0.50
"" Complete for 6 persons. Quality warranted very best •*? p %
f\(% P^ce Light Blue Spray Decoration. A* 75
** V Complete for 6 persons. Quality warranted very best ■Zt
60 piece Beautiful Wild Flower Decoration.
V.M Enameled gold handles and gold trimmings. A perfect K»5O
gem. Complete for 6 persons. Quality warranted best *-* p Zt
100 piece Pure White English Ware. K.OO
■V" Complete for 12 persons. Quality warranted very best 3 p % t
100 ieee -*£- - lue ray Decoration. 7.50
IV7VF Complete for 1 2 persons. Quality warranted very best ■ ptr set
100 P iece Beautiful Wild Flower Decoration.
Ivy Enameled gold handles and gold trimmings. A perfect Q'^Q
gem. Complete for 1 2 persons. Quality warranted best **-? p Zt
A Very Large Variety of the Newest Shapes, Richest and
Prettiest Decorations in DINNER SETS.
fliis Week's Prices Enable Everybody ♦
to Get a Nice New Set at Our
MONEY .\ SAVING .\ STORES.
Great American Importing* Tea Co.
140 Sixth Street. 146 Ninth Street.
1344 Market Street. 218 Third Street.
2510 Mission Street. 2008 Fillmore Street.
617 Kearny Street. 965 Market Street.
1419 Polk Street. 3006 Sixteenth Street.
521 Montgomery Avenue. 104 Second Street.
333 Hayes Street. 3285 Mission Street.
OAKLAND STORES:
1053 Washington Street. 616 East Twelfth Street.
131 San Pablo Avenue. 917 Broadway.
1335 Park Street, Alameda.
HEADQUARTERS-SAN FRANCISCO, 52 MARKET STREET.
L. A.Bertellnsr. Praa. H. Nordman. Vice- Pre*.
A. W. Klrlc, Sea Jos. Xordman, Tresu.
427 KEARNY STREET
WILL REMOVE TO
16 KEARNY STREET
THIS MONTH.
v »nt? slon 0l the ,and 9 and a commission
In authorized to superintend the sale of
2'" ia £ d3> Jnr^sliction is conferred
old «m Court of Claims in th e Cherokee
the Ik 'I Clainn!, • The agreement with
WvoSln- ° ne , and Arapahoe tribes in i
Wyoming 1S also inserted as an amend-]
schoils*'?"* Witn the Bub i ect of Indian *
Provision , comm has inserted a
K^autrfoS the ■ 8 ". cretarv of the In '
contract "ho! . ° ma , ke contracts w,tn
paid in this ™„ apportioning theamount
religious d fi n annep amon * the various
tracts are onhro a h ons; but \ hese CO"
--sectarian schools caSh. made wllßTa noU '
"uuia can be procured.
Commissioner n-i-i . ..
WASHINGTON Do i'RP"'^
President to-day seni ttSf^^T I
nomination of Car D Vri-h
chnsetts to be Commit! ?tltofMa ' M
(reappointed) Oommis^oner of Labor
To Tax Cigarettes.
WASHINGTON, D. C. Feb 15 w„ a
man (R.) of Illinois^c-dav add""? 00^
House Ways and Mean? Co JS -
support of his bill placing a tax "V^ c m
thousand on cigarettes. aiaxof $0 ° per
SIMPLY TOOK $140,000.
Bookkeeper Barnes of the Cudahu B„r
Company Arretted. T
BROOKLYN, N. V., Feb. 12.-W. H
Barnes, employed as bookkeeper by the
Cudahy Beef Company, was arreted last
evening on the technical charge of steal
ing $100 from the firm. He admitted
after his arrest that since the first of the
year he had appropriated to his own use
in all $140,000. He is bonded by the
National Surety Company of New York.
The cause given for the appropriation of
the money is that he wanted to live high
and make speculations.
Xan and Wife Asphyxiated.
MILWAUKEE, Wis.. Feb. 12.— Paul
Wagner ana his wife, Frederika Wagner,
were found dead in bed this morning at
their residence in the rear of 410 Four
teenth avenue. Asphyxiation by coal gas
seems to have been the probable cause ol
death.
A Second Time Denied.
BOSTON. Mass., Feb. 12.— Tho second
motion for a new trial for Thomas M.
Bram, the convicted murderer of Captain
Nash of the barkentine Herbert Fuller,
was denied in the United States Circuit
Court to-day.
<KKKKH>OOOO<K)O
AN EXCELLENT)
Tt7rC A T Property prepared ana
I VI nnl . Promptly served, can
•*•*■"—"■ »■■■— ' always be obtained in
THE GRILL ROOM OF THE
Decided the T""a AT A
Most Popular HA I A I H
Dining Apart- * •OJLWI.V-J-'
ment in town. s\\\\\\*SßSs^m^sst*s^smssssssm^ks^e*
<K>o-oo<>-o<h>o-o-0"0MUCH BUNCOMBE
IN THE ASSEMBLY
Useless Campaign Thunder
From the Lips of
Fusionists.
Opposition to the Request for
a Ship to Send Food to
India.
Vain Words That Did Not Prevent
the Passage of the Humans
Resolution.
• SACRAMENTO, cat... Feb. 12.— The
Democratic minority leaders in the As
sembly appear to have abandoned the
•work of legislation and to have devoted
.'the whole of their time and attention to
manufacture political buncombe to be
used as campaign thunder two years
hence. The fusion spectacles which they
are wearing have confused their ideas of
right and wrong and have fused the good
and the bad into one proposition — "Is it
. Democratic?" with a capital D. The
only Kind of democracy they know is that
which begins with a capital letter and
carries the word "party" after it, and
with a capital P.
. In pursuance of the narrow policy
which has been carried on by their party
ever since the beginning of the present
■ session Shanahan and Emmons jumped
•stiff-legged upon a resolution asking the
• National Government to furnish a ship to
transport to the starving coolies of India
a shipload of corn, provisions and cloth
ing donated by charitable persons in the
East.
Emmons of Bakersfield, the best speaker
and one of the most adroit of the minor
• ity, made a violent harangue against the
resolution. He told of thousands of poor
people in San Francisco looking for work,
and repeated the tattered aud thread-bare
saying that "charity should begin at
home." He had a big heart for the poor
and did not think that it would be right
for the Government to furnish a ship to
. carry this poor crust to the parched lips
of the brown Hindoo while there were
poor people and starving people in Cali
fornia.
Populist Shanahan took up the cue. He
ka3 a big voice and strong lungs and used
them both to their fullest capacity. His
speech breathed of Fenianism ana there
was a strong odor of dynamite about it.
It would be good sense, he thought, to let
" the Queen of Great Britain and Ireland
and Empress of India look after her own
poor. The distress in India was caused
by British rule and Great Britain should
take care of the famine-stricken people.
A tramp in the gallery applauded this
eloquent outburst of wind which was to
blow away all help from India, and which
in the same breath was to fill the stom
achs of the starving poor in California.
North of Alameda cheerfully informed
the gentlemen that they did not know j
what they had been talking about. j
Nothing was a-ked ol the people of j
California by the resolution. The pro- j
visions and clothing had been already
donated by benevolent people and were to
be transported free of charge by the rail
road companies to Port Costa. All that
was wanted was for the Government of
the United States to furnish a ship to
carry those gifts to the famine stricken
country.
Pessimistic socialism, the kind that
complains of existing conditions without
offering a remedy or pointing out a way
for a change to a better state, was voiced
by Dryden ot San Diego. He asked why
was it that there were millions of starving
poor in the country when the soil of the
•United States could easily support more
than five times its present population?
■ This question he answered himself by
saying that it was owing to the "Cursed
system of distribution.''
There was applause for the gentleman
from National City, a place where it is to
be hoped "the cursed system of distribu
tion" has been supplanted by the blessed
Dryden system with old man Dryden
himself us the distributor.
' Everything was going on well with the
high pr.ests of buncombe until Leavitt
got the floor and proceeded to pour the
molten lava of sarcasm down the backs of
the Democrats and Populists who had
preceded him. He was surprised, he said,
to hear "the gentleman from the jack
rabbit country and the man from the tall
timbers of tne north" talking about char
ity beginning at home when only yester
day they bad voted in lavorof a veto that
would throw 1000 people out of employ
ment, not on:y in their own State, but in
this city.
"Tney talked about what big hearts
they had for the poor," he added. "Their
hearts are so small that you would 'have
to u-e a microscope to find them."
Before the applause had subsided, Den
nery charged that the opposition to the
resolution was only an effort on the part
of some of the minority to make political
capital because the resolution emanated
from a Republican. The people of the
United States were able to take care of
their own poor, and never had been
obliged to ask the assistance of foreign
countries.
They were equally able to help the poor
of other countries. He was pleased to see,
he said, that San Francisco bad to go to
Kern County to learn about its own busi
ness. California has never bad occasion
to go outside tor help in taking care of her
unemployed. He was willing that the
United States should take care of the poor
ail over the world.
Muicrcvy said that the whole world
knew that there were 10,000 men in San
Francisco walking the streets and crying
for work and bread. "Let us be as mag
nanimous to them as we are to the starv
. ing .or of India," he added.
Emmons and Shanahan found their hold
as leaders was not as firm as they thought
when the vote of the passage of the reso
lution was announced as 58 ayes and 6
noes.
Leavitt started the liveliest scone of the
day when l.c moved that the question of
reconsidering the Governor's veto of the
State Printing Office appropriation be
made th* special order for next Tuesday
at.ll a. m. *
liridgford, Toland and Shanahan were
on their feet at once raising the point of
•order that the subject-matter was not a
subject for consideration.
Speaker Coombs ruled the point of order
not well taken, and Toland and Caminetti
appealed from the decision of the chair.
The Speaker's ruling was sustained by a
vote of 44 ayes to 31 noes, and the special
order was made.
IX ASSEMBLY AX D SEX ATE.
Favorable Report Made on the Prise-
Fight Bill.
SACRAMENTO. Cal., Feb. 12.-An un
favorable report was made to the As
sembly this morning on Assembly bill
1101, Riving boards of health power to
abate nuisances in cities and intended to
abolish the West Oakland marsh nuis
ance.
Deanery's prize-fight bill was favorably
reported by the Committee on Public
Morals.
North of i r 010 introduced a bill to make
textbooks free in primary and grammar
schools.
Lin enberger introduced a resolution,
which was passed, opposing the Sherman
anthcalping bill.
The bill to prevent the adulteration of
nonev, also three Senate bills to enable
Los Angeles to utilize land given the city
for park purposes, were passed.
The Senate resolution on the shipment
of food to relieve the famine sufferers in
India was passed. Emmons, Dryden and
Shanahan opposed the resolution, and
Dennery, Burnett. North, Leavitt, Cutter
and Speaker Coombs spoke in its favor.
This aiternoon the Senate bill requiring
that a physician be called to attend chil
dren afflicted with sore eyes was passed.
Senate resolution requesting the Gov
ernment to furnish a war vessel to carry
food to India was adopted.
Leavitt moved to reconsider the action
on th? Governor's veto of the printing
office bill. Pom's of -order were raised
and overruled. Leavitt then moved to
make the matter a special order for Tues
day at 11 o'clock, which was carried, 45
to 31.
A recess was taken until 7:30 o'clock
this evening. At the night session As
sembly bills 33° and 455 to 463, inclusive,
were passed. All these bills were intro
duced at the instance of the code com
mission.
Several bills wera read for the first time
I and the Assembiv adjourned.
In the Senate, Doty's bill giving Prison
Directors the power to sell crushed rock at
Folsom at 25 cents per ton was carried.
j Bert's amendment to make tue price 40
[ cents was lost.
A committee report in favor of paying
for the furniture bought this season was
I received without opposition.
Treacy's bill for a paid Fire Department
at San Francisco was reconsidered, and
made a special order for Tuesday morning.
The following Assembly bills were
I passed this afternoon without amend
| ment: Establishing the boundary line be-
I tween Yuba and Butte counties; providing
, for joining parties severally liable in the
I same complaint, where the cause of action
i arises out of one contract. The Assembly
j bill regulating the number of and salaries
I lor temporary and permanent attaches of
j the Legislature was amended by adding
I one assistant 3ergeant-at-arnn and cut-
I ting off two watchmen and four porters.
Assembly bills increasing the protection
afforded mining corporations, excluding
claims barred by the statute of limitations
from being voted in the election of an as
signee in insolvent proceedings, and estab
lishing a closed season for fish and game,
were passed as amended.
Dickinson's resolution to hold night
sessions was adopted.
Jones offered a resolution repudiating
the petition circulated for the purpose of
getting cheap rates for Christian Endeav
orers, declaring that the names were se
cured by misrepresentation. The resolu
tion was adopted.
The Senate bi'l chancing the laws incor
porating municipal corporations was lost.
I Witnington gave notice of reconsidera
• tion.
Senate bills parceling out puhlic con
tracts among several bidders and increas
ing the tax rate allowed cities of the sixth
class to 100 cents on the $100, were passed.
Adjourned.
BRAUXHART i .Mi HIS BILL.
Will Withdraw the Two-and-a-Half-Cent
Cinch.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 12.—Sen
ator Braunhart has become convinced that
his 2' 2 -cent carfare bill is in danger of
meeting the fate of bis amendment to the
county government act reducing the num
ber of clerks in the County Clerk's office.
In consequence he will to-morrow if the
third reading is taken up submit an amend
ment providing that instead of 2% cents
the fare charged between 6 and 8 a. m. and
5 and 7 p. m. shall beat the rate of eight for
25 cents. His conversion to this more
liberal concession to the street railway
j companies of San Francisco is partly due
to aletter received from Mayor Phelan.
There will be a judicial invasion of the
Capitol building to-morrow, the object of
which will be to promote legislation for
the relief of the State Supreme Court.
There is to be a joint session of the Judi
ciary committees of both houses to discuss
all measures pertaining to the highest tri
bunal of the State, and in order to get the
best information relative to the matter the
following prominent jurists have been
asked to shed the light ot their great learn
ing upon the situation: Chief Justice Wil
liam H. Beatty, ex-Chief Justices Niles
j Searis and A. L. Rlodes. ex-Justices E.
W. McKinstry and Van R. Paterson and
I Judge Robert Y. ilayr.e. Two of the most
j important measures that will receive at
j tention are those providing for the contin
uance of the Supreme Court Commission
■ and for the establishment of an Appellate
] Court, designed to be a court of last resort
j in certain cases and a sort of legal buffer
for tne Supreme Court in others.
XOT TO BE COX SOLID ATED.
Unfavorable Report to the Plan to Unite
Folsom and .San Quentin.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. The As
sembly Committee on Prisons, Canavan
in the chair, met this evening, and de
cided by a vote of 6 to 3 to report unfavor
ably the bill consolidating San Quentin
and Folsom prisons. They agreed to re
port a substitute for Treacy's resolution
to appoint a non-partisan committee of
five Irom the Assembly Committee on
Prisons and a similar committee from the
Senate committee to select a site for a new
prison in some one of the following conn
ties: Riverside, Fresno, San Diego,
San Bernardino. Orange. Los Angeles,
Ventura, Santa Barbara, San Luis Obispo,
Tulare, Kings, Kern and Inyo, and to re
port at the next session of the Legislature.
An appropriation of $5000 is asked for to
defray the expenses of the committee.
The object of the resolution is to close San
Quentin Prison, divide the prisoners be
tween Folsom and the new prison, send
ing the younger and less hardened to the
latter, to which will be attached a farm of
2000 or 3000 acres, where by prison labor
may be mised all the vegetables, meat,
milk, butter, eggs and fodder required for
the use ol both institutions.
False pretexses.
Ruse by Which Legislator* Were Induced
to Sign a Petition to Congress.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. -Assem
blyman Lindenberger introduced a reso
lution this morning reciting that a few
days ago a petition was circulated among
the members of the Assembly for their
signatures purporting to be in t c interest
of tbe Christian Endeavor Society to se
cure low rates of railway fare, but which,
on tbe contrary, proved to be an indorsem
ent of the so-called Sherman anti
ticket brokerage bill. The resolution
charges that such signatures were ob
tained under a misunderstanding, or mis
representation, and that it is the sense of
the Assembly that the ri bts of American
citizens guaranteed under the constitu
tion would be seriously infringed upon
by the passage of any p.ct in Congress of
the United States making it a crime pun
ishable by heavy fine and imprisonment
for any person other than the authoriz?d
agent of a railway or transportation com
pany to sell or transfer a railroad ticket.
The resolution was adopted with a rush.
It was aimed particularly at Goodhue of
San Mateo, who had circulated the peti
tion among the members of the As
sembly.
Fatal Slide of a Messenger.
SACRAMENTO. Cal., Feb. 12.— Just as
the Senate adjourned this afternoon
George Burgers, a Senate messenger to the
printing office, in attempting to slide
down -the banister in the south wing of
the capitol, fell to th.s tiled floor below
and was seriously injured. Senator Ped
ler, who is a physician, expressed the
opinion that Burgers' skull was fractured
and that he may not recover. The boy is
15 years old and lives in this city.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1897.
MARCUS A, HANNA
IS OHIO'S HERO
Great Ovation in the Re
publican League
Convention.
Foraker's Followers Also Shout
for Bushnell on Lincoln
Day.
Factional Differences of Delegates Se
renely Settled in Secret
Caucus.
ZANESVILLE, Ohio. Feb. 12.— The Re
publican League convention was called to
order by President Leach at 10:30 o'clock
this morning.
A motion that the convention select
committees of five each on rules and cre
d- ntials created a contest immediately. A
Foraker member moved that the commit
tees consist of one member from each Con
gressional district. After considerable ar
gument it was voted down and the original
motion adopted. The chair then an
nounced the committees.
A motion that a committee of seven be
appointed on resolutions created another
tight. Editor Reynolds of the Zinesville
Courier offered an amendment that the
committee be composed of one representa
tive from each Congressional district.
Tie amendment was adopted and the
Foraker followers applauded. Confusion
reigned for some minutes, but the formal
part of the programme was finally com
pleted and the convention took a recess
until 2 p. m.
When the Congressional districts met
in caucus to select the members of the
resolutions committee there were numer
ous hot engagements between the Hanna
and Bushnell supporters, in several in
stances the differences almost resulting in
blows.
M. A. Hanna and James Boyle arrived
at 12:29 o'clock. A number of leading
anti-Hanna men had a caucus soon after
the recess was taken. It is reported on
the street that it was suggested that the
opposition refrain as gracefully as possible
from placing any obstacles in the way of
indorsement of Hanna by the convention.
This met with opposition, an dit is re
ported that the caucus broke up in con
fusion.
Governor Bushnell, Charles L. Kurtz,
Booker T. Washington and General H. A.
Axline arrived at 1:12 o'clock,, and the
spirits of the anti-Hanna delegates have
risen very perceptibly.
The afternoon session began at 2:30
o'clock. Ninety-six clubs were repre
sented with no contests. The committee
on rules and order of business reported,
making miscellaneous business the last of
the programme. The Committee on Reso
lutions was not ready to report, and
another delay occurred.
By unanimous consent tbe Fifteenth
District delegates were excused for a cau
cus. This meant another factional fight
over the election of the district delegates
to the National League convention. .
The committee on resolutions finally re
ported, indorsing the National platform,
extending sympathy to Cuba and con
gratulating the officers of the National
and State leagues.
Mr. Hanna's entrance at this juncture
was the signal for a great demonstration.
All the Hanna element were on their feet
la an instant cheering and calling his
name.
Piesident Leach came to the rescue and
announced that Governor Bushnell was
also present. This gave the Foraker peo
ple a chance to shout. Governor Bush
nell was then introduced and addressed
tho convention briefly, not touching on
any factional subject.
Mr. Hanna was then introduced, and
his appearance on the stage occasioned an
unprecedented outburst of enthusiasm.
His remarks were flowing and enthusi
astic for '"the boys," but without special
significance. Hon. Booker T. Washing
ton, the colored orator, followed in a brief
speech. Then came speeches by Congress
man McCleary and Senator Thurston.
Afer Senator Thurston had finished
speaking the convention immediately pro
ceeded to the election of officers, and to
the surprise of the outsiders every man
was elected by acclamation, the differ
ences having been settled in seer, caucus
of the candidates.
The Senatorial question was not touched
upon by the convention. It 13 understood
that an attempt to introduce a resolution
indorsing Hanna was defeated in the com
mittee-room.
GOVERXOR Ii US IIX ELL PRESIDED.
Mark Hasina Sat at His Right Hand at
a Banquet.
ZANESVILLE, Ohio. Feb. 12— The an
nual Lincoln day banquet ol the State
League of Republican Clubs was held to
night in the dining hall of the Clarendon
Hotel.
It was 10:30 o'clock when the guests sat
down. Governor; Bushnell occupied the
post of honor as toast master, and was
flanked on the right by Hon. M. A. Hanna,
Senator Thurston and Hon. S. L. Everett.
On the left was President Leach of the
State League, President Woodraansee of
the National League, Major Dick, Con
gressman McCleary, Van Voorhees and
Mr. Northway. The menu occupied two
hours, and at 12:30 o'clock President
Charles F. Leach 'arose and made a spir
ited address.
He then introduced Governor Bushnell
as the toastmaster, who in a lew witty re
marks presented Senator Thurston of
Nebraska, who responded to the toast
"Abraham Lincoln."
Congressman James T. McCleary spoke
to tbe sentiment, "Tne American Con
gress."
Then came the toast of the evening,
"To the Chairman of the National Com
mittee," which was drang standing. Hon.
M. A. Hanna arose, and in a brief speech
thanked the mem of the league for the
hi^h honor accorded him and compli
mented the work of the organization.
Hon. William A. White of Emporia,
Kaus., spoke to the toast, "What's the
Matter with Kansas?" He said:
I have been Invited nere to tell you what is
the matter with Kansas, and I have come
nearly a thousand miles, in the middle of the
winter, to say there is absolutely nothing the
matter with Kansas.
For six or seven years, however, Kansas has
been under the spell of demagogues. From
1890 to 1594 all parties vied with one another
In putting tommy rot in their platforms. You
gentlemen hero In Ohio have doubtless no
ticed withconsternatlon what fids, what fool
isms, what rank nonsense, have passed cur
rent for Republicanism at one time or another
out in Kansas. When Jerry Simpson ran for
Congress the first time the Republicans in his
district stole his platform bodily and then ab
solved ihe Republican nominee from the duty
of abiding by the House caucus. The people
couldn't vote as they pleased. They had to
choose the les« violent of two lunatics.
' For years a crowd of fellows dominated the
Republican puny in Kansas whose motto was
"Molasses catches more flies than vinegar."
As a result the State platform was more of a
flytrap tnan a declaration of Republican prin
ciples. These gentlemen saw that Kansas was
built ou the installment plan, to be raid for
In small monthly payments. 'i hey preached
a bogus way out of debt, because they be
lieved that it was a sure way into oflice. i The
political economists of the soft-soap school
would stand proudly on a platform recom
•.nendlng moonshine 'as a legal tender, in
dorsing astrology, declaring for blue-glass and
the barefoot cure, pledging the party to vege
tarianism, and whooping it up for the free
and unlimited coinage of flapdoodle. Think
what Kansas escaped with those ghost-dancers
leading the conservative party lor half a
dozen years.
The wonder is not that the State went for
Bryan, but that it did not go for the Rev. Ira
Hicks and George Francis Train. The people
were sog'.ad to get a chance to vote as they
pleased, to see the slimy old barnacles scraped
off the Republican shift that they piled up a
Republican vote which was defeated by a nar
row margin only by the triple alliance of
gr 'ed, anarchy and colic.
In that great battle whose line Is forming
between patriotism and anarchy, Kansas may
dedicate to her countrymen whose services
make them worthy to tight beside the patriots
of Ohio— Americans as fearless as John Sher
man, as dauntless as Foraker. as powerful as
Mark Hanna. And one day Kansas may give
the world a knight witnout fear and without
reproach, worthy to stand in the Nation's his
tory beside William McKinley of Ohio.
Professor Booker T. Washington of
Tuskogee, Ala., spoke eloquently on
"Solving the Negro Question in the Black
Belt of the South."
President D. D. Woodmansee responded
to the toast "The Nation's Verdict,"
Major C. F. Dick spoke on "The Wort
of the Last Campaign."
Senator Foraker, who was to have re
sponded to the toast "The Duty of the
Republican Party," was not present.
To-night's banquet made more apparent
than ever Mark Hanna's hold on the
working Republicans of Ohio. Every
reference, however remote, was cheered to
the echo. He sat at Governor Bushnell's
right during the banquet and they were
apparently the best of friends.
MARQUETTE CLUB BAXQUET.
Xotable Gathering of Governors and a
Xotnble Speech.
CHICAGO, 111., Feb. 12.— The memory
of Abraham Lincoln was honored to-night
by the Marquette Club at its banquet in
the Auditorium Hotel. Over £00 guests
sat down to the tables. The occasion was
notable because of the presence of the
Governors of Michigan, Rhode Island,
lowa, West Virginia and Indiana. Gov
ernor Tanner of Illinois was unable to be
present and was represented by Lieuten
ant-Governor Northcote. Senator-elect
Mason was among the guests and received
a cordial greeting. President DeWitt of
the Marquette Club presided.
The toasts were: "Welcome to Illinois,"
Lieutenant-Governor Northcote; "Wel
come to Chicago," Mayor George B. Swift ;
"Abraham Lincoln, A. J. Bevendge oi
Indiana; "The Grand Old Party," Gov
ernor Ltppett of Rhode Island: "lowa —
They Said She Was Doubtful," Governor
F. M. Drake of Iowa; "The New Old
Dominion," Governor Atkinson of West
Virginia; "The Farmer in Politics," Gov
ernor Mount of Indiana; "Republican
Wisconsin," Governor Schofield of Wis
consin; "Illinois," Widiam E. Mason,
Senator-eiect; "Municipal Reform," Gov
ernor Hazen S. Filigree of Michigan. The
speakers were accorded a hearty welcome.
In response to his toast Governor Pingree
said:
I assume that we all love to draw a prize in
life. In our private capacity we figure, as I
still assume, for a contract with a city and get
it by paying the price. Tnis assumes that the
city lathers pocket the price. Of course if the
contract is for it street railway the rates of fare
must stand very high because if they do not
our watered stock does not get off our hands
easily. The game 16 to show in our contract
that wo can pull millions out of the public.
Thon we can get almost any amount of watered
stock into the hands of a gullible public. Tnis
of course is speculation and not business. It
is a kind of a lottery system. We condemn It
in public and resort to it in private. Tom 1.
Johnson, the streetcar man, in his private
capacity confesses himself a monopolist, but
in his views for the public good he is against
monopolists. Possibly Mr. Yerkes of Chicago
is in tuts way both private and public spirited.
Standard oil has built a monopoly and a col
lege here m Chicago.
I have heard that a monopoly has built a
church. The Louisiana lottery paid big
bonuses to New Orleans and walked hand in
band with charity, doing good with other
people's money. It Is curious to observe that
the law, the pulpit and tbe lostrum are
against the sale of a lottery ticket, but not
against the sale of a block of watered stock.
Speculation seems to have put on the mask
of business in the United States. The apparent
rights of speculation have Increased taxation,
but such riguts are more apparent than real.
The excessive rates of fare and freight of
transpor.ation caused by speculation are
slowly draining the earnings of the country
and are also slowly crippling transportation
itself, because excess reacts.
We bestow a great deal on transportation
and aid speculation. Over in Michigan we
have been talking some twenty years on equal
taxation for all. Several Governors hove rec
ommended that railroad properly be taxed
locally; but nothing has been done, although
the farmers have been paying ne.trly four
times as much as the transportation men in
proportion to values. Tne reason why noth
ing has been done is that there have been rep
resentatives of speculative interests in the
Legislature. Speculation interferes with busi
ness by taking a large number of rakeofl's that
are not earned. Speculation is the great an
tagonist of the economic laws. Any money
taken by bonds that does not represent money
invested i.i work is a fraud on business.
Speculation is the foe of business. Capital
derived from speculation is not economic capi
tal. The real business capital of the country
Is that accumulated In the savings banks.
Savings deposits are the deposits of v multi
tude of producers. When the factory borrows
of the savings banks it borrows, as it were, oi
its own employes. Thus the employes draw
both wages and interest from the factory. II
the factory borrows the capital of speculation
it pays no interest to its employes.
'ihe great market of the United States is in
the vast number of people who consume the
products of the country. If consumption falls
bu-inegs fails. If earnings fail consumption
fails. When consumption fails credit falls.
The capital taken by speculation contracts
the usa of a large part of the currency of the
country.
When I say that true capital is the earnings
of the country, Ido not say anything new. I
only repeat in new words what Lincoln said.
What Lincoln said you can rind in his first an
nual message. This can be found in the Con
gressional Globe of 18GI-18G2. This is what
he said: "Labor Is super. or to and independ
ent of capital. Capital is only the first fruit
oi labor, and could never have existed if labor
had not first existed. Labor is the superior of
capital and deserves much the higher consid
eration.
I do not know of a better way to keep fresh
the memory of the illustrious dead than 'to
quote the words that pointed to his work. If
Lincoln's words are sacred then work is sacred.
Let us not live in the mere lame of the words
and work of Lincoln. It is a nobler way to
continue that work.
Governor Hastings was expected to be
present nnd speak for Pennsylvania to the
toast, "The Duties of Citizenship," but on
account of the destruction of the Penniyl
vania State House he was compelled to
send his regrets.
F. A. Briggs of North Dakota responded
to the toast, "The Great Northwest."
This was the quadrennial entertainment
of Republican Governors of the United
State-. A year ago the dub attained a
National reputation by having for its
guest of honor at the annual banquet Wil
liam McKinley, whose candidacy for
President of the Republic was formally
launched on that occasion. A memor
able speech was mad» by the President
elect on Abraham Lincoln and the Re
publican party.
LIXCOLX'S BIRHinAY IX GOTHAM
Prominent Republicans Attend a Ban-
quet at the Hotel Waldorf.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 12.-Lincoln's
birthday was celebrated by tho Republi
can Club at the Hotel Waldorf this even
ing.
It was the eloventh year that the club has
so honored the memory of the martyred
President. Dinner was served in the ball
room, which was decorated with flags and
flowers. There were about 400 people
seated.
Some of those present were : Ex-Governor
Levi P. Morton, Mayor Strong, Supreme
Court Justice Pardon C. Williams, Cor
nelius N. Bliss, William Brookfield,
Colonel 8. V. R. Cruger, General C. H. T.
Collis, E. A. McAlpin, General Anson G.
McCook, District Attorney William L. 01
--cott and Eli' u Root.
President Merriam of the club presided.
He. introduced the chief speaker of the
evening, President Melancthon Woo'.lsey
Striker of Hamilton College, who spoke
at length.
JOHNSTON CUTS
DOWN THE FORCE
Proteges of Democrats the
First to Lose Their
Places.
... '
.--■■■
Caucus of Republican Legislators
on the Finances of the
State Printer. •
Some Fiery Retaliatory Measures Are
Advocated, but Wiser Counsel
Prevails.
:
SACRAMENTO. Cal., Feb. 12.— One of
the most exciting and demonstrative
caucuses ever held within the walls of the
Capitol was that of the Republicans of
both houses of tho Legislature to consider
the State Printing Office appropriation.
Very few members were absent, and for
nearly two hours the atmosphere was
kept turgid with exhortation, denuncia
tion and retaliation, pitched in the highest
tones and wildest strains.
Members of the Assembly led in the
discussion and were the most pronounced
in aggressiveness. Price and Leavitt were
the radicals, but the better judgment of
the members of the upper house and the
older members of the Assembly served to
preserve the dignity of the Republican
party by refusing to advocate or coun
tenance anything that savored of bitter
ness or retaliation.
The most sensational departure from all
precedent was a proposition to reintro
duce the bill appropriating $75,000 for the
State Printing Office, and on the refusal
of the Governor to sign it to shut down
the printing office and so compel the
Legislature to adjourn sine die. Such a
course would mean that the various de
partments of the State Government would
be left without any funds, as none of tbe
appropriations have yet been passed
and will not even be taken up until the
last ten days of the session. This would
in turn necessitate the calling of an extra
session, with all its attendant extra ex
pense to the State and inconvenience to
the legislators.
Though this was strongly advocated by
a few it was seriously considered by a
large majority.
Correspondence was produced to show
that if Governor Budd was really sincere
in his desire to show mismanagement in
the State Printing Office he had the op
portunity to do so six months ago, but
failed to avail himself of it.
There was also talK of general retalia
tion against the Democrats who had voted
to sustain the Governor's veto, the propo
sition being to defeat all the pet measures
introduced and advocated by them, but
this met with little favor also.
Then it was suggested that two separate
bills be introduced on behalf of the much
vexed printing establishment; one to
carry $35,000 to be devoted to the printing
necessary lor the present session ot the
Legislature, and the other for $40,000 in
the nature of a deficiency fund to operate
the printing oflice to June 30, the end of
tne fiscal year.
This met with considerable aporoval,
but before any definite action could De
taken it was decided to postpone further
consideration of the whole matter until
next Tuesday.
There is no hesitation on the part of
both Republicans and Democrats in say
ing that what began as a personal tiff be
tween Governor Budd and State Printer
Johnston has now developed into a party
question. Many of the Democrats, even
those who voied in the Assembly to sus
tain the Governor's veto," admit that as a
question of right the Governor should not
have vetoed the $75,000, as there is no
question but that sue a sum is necessary
to continue the establishment in proper
working order till the end of the fiscal
year.
So generally is this acknowledged that
the members of the unholy alliance of
Democrats, fusionists and Populists in the
Assembly are already tumbling over one
another in the effort to give this sum to
the State Printer, but so as to give them a
chance to make two bites of the cherry,
much in the same way as was proposed in
the Republican caucus to-day.
State Printer Johnston, undesirous of
keeping employes at work unless he is cer
tain they will receive compensation for
their labor, has been gradually cutting
down his force, and among those laid off
have been a number recommended by
Democratic legislators.
To-day Senator Seawell was informed
by J. J. Livernash, who has held a very
desirable and lucrative position in the
State Printing Office, which was procured
through the influence of the Senator from
Mendocino, that he was dismissed, to
gether with another protege of Seawell.
Senator Seawell was inclined to view
this as a measure of retaliation on the
part of the State Printer, and was highly
indignant He is one of the directors of
the Ukiah Insane Asylum, and with him
are associated three other Democrats and
but one Republican.
"There is but one Democrat," said the
angry Senator this evening, "who is draw
ing a first-class salary at the Ukiah
asylum, and be is the steward. The super
intendent, medical superintendent, clerk
of the medical superintendent and steward
are the four leading offices of the institu
tion, and all are Republicans except the
steward. The engineer and matron are
also there by virtue of Republican in
fluence, and the attendants are pretty
equally divided so far as politics are con
cerned. Since the present board has had
charge there has never been a removal
made lor political reasons. The manage
ment has always been clear of politics,
and has been on lines looking to the best
interests of the institution. All the ap
pointments are made by the medical
superintendent and confirmed by the
board.
"I will say for him, however, that while
he is a good Republican he is never
moved by political reasons in making an
appointment, and the board has drawn
no political lines in confirming bis nom
inations. The same policy is pursued at
Napa and the various other asylums in
the State under Democratic control.
"I don't know as a matter of fact
whether the dismissal of those for whom
I had secured employment in the State
Printing Office was due to political con
siderations any more than that it is so
rumored. But ev-rything seems to indi
cate that it is done for that reason. Cer
tainly I have not taken any offensive part
in these matters. There seems to be a
controversy between two State officers as
to the management of an office.
"I have always thought, so far aa John
ston is concerned and the Governor is con
cerned, both are honest, and sincere, and
the controversy is greatly to be deplored.
If I really knew that the State Printer
was dismissing his Democratic employes
as a means of retaliation I would be in
clined to bave every RepuDlican turned
out of the Ukiah Asylum."
After having been before the courts and
Legislature of th.s State ior about twenty
year«, the Jordan claim will now in all
probability lv; allowed. It passed the
Senate Finance Committee, the most
crucial bony, to-night ly a vote of 6 to 3,
and .will, it is understood, go through tbe
Senate without much" opposition. It has
already passed- the Assembly, and the
Governor, it is said, stands ready to sign
the bill. • fa
SCHOOL PROPERTY.
Extension of Leases From Twenty Years
to fifty Years Under Consideration.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 12.— The
San Francisco delegation held a meeting
this forenoon and gave a hearing to School
Director Waller and others of San Fran
cisco on matters connected with the lease
of certain school property in that city. It
was represented to the delegation that it
was not possible to effect another lease of
the Lincoln School property on favorable
terms for a period so short as twenty
years, capitalists not caring to erect sub
stantial and costly buildings to be appro
priated by the City on tho expiration of
the lease. > :
Assemblyman Pohlman called attention
to the fact that the lease of the school
property on Post street, occupied by the
Hammara Baths, would expire within a
year and should also be looked after.
It was decided that the delegation
should recommend a constitutional
amendment extending the time for which
public land may be leased from twenty to
fifty years.
The matter of the teachers' pension bill
was next discussed and an agreement was
reached to take the good features of the
Powers bill and of the Jones bill on that
subject and weld them into one, which
would embrace the good points of each.
For this purpose a committee, consist
ing of Godfrey, Power and Mulcrevy, with
Pohlman as chairman, was appointed,
with instructions to report at the next
meeting.
To Dredge Alviso Slough.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 12.—Assem
blyman Arnerich has prepared a bill which
he will introduce to-morrow to appro
priate $25,000 for the improvement, dredg
ing, etc., of Alviso slough, Santa Clara
County, so as to make the slough naviga
ble for freight and passengers from Alviso
to San Francisco Bay. The work is to be
done on contract by the lowest responsi
ble bidder after proper advertising.
Arnerich says that the improvement is
one that is very much needed, and that
has been asked for for many years in vain
by the people of that part of the country.
The people of Alviso and Milpitas will be
verr grateful if the bill should pass, for it
would give a strong and fresh impetus to
business.
A GRAXD RAPII>a BAXQUET.
Xoted Cuban Makes the Principal Speech
at a Great Gathering.
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich., Feb. 12.—
filth annual banquet of the Lincoln Club
was held in Sweat's Hotel this evening
and was of more than local interest from
the fact that Gonzalez de Quesada, Charge
d' Affaires of the Cuban Republic at Wash
ington, was present and made one of the
principal addresses. Covers were laid for
1000. The toasts and responses were as
follows:
"Lincoln," by Congressman Newton M.
Curtiss of New York; "The Power That
Directs and Governs Legislation in the
National House of Representatives, and
the Evils of Biennial Congressional Elec
tions," by J. E. Corliss of Detroit. This
was along the line ot his resolution in the
House to amend the constitution for a
four years' Congressional term. "The
American Navy The Old and New," Con
gressman George E. Foss of Illinois;
"Cuba, the Gem of the Antilles, Now
Desolated by War," Gonzalez de Quesada,
charge d'affaires of the Cuban republic at
Washington; "Cuba Libre," Diaz Alber
tini, secretary of the Cuban republic lega
tion, Washington.
GOLDEXDALE'S BOY BAXDITS.
Hold Up and Rob an Old Soldier and
Pensioner. .
GOLDENDALE, Wash., Feb. 12.—
Deputy Sheriff William C. Burgen went
out yesterday to No. 6 to arrest four un
known boys, whose names have not been
learned. They are cnarged with being
high way men. it appears that Tuesday
afternoon four boys, ranging between the
ages of 12 and 16, met C. H. Wedgewood,
an aged man and a soldier and pensioner.
The place of meeting was upon the high
way. The would-be bad men drew a gun
and ordered the old man to put his nands
up, which he did. While he was obeying
the command the lads rifled the old sol
dier's pockets and carried away all of his
possessions, which was the sum of $150.
The general supposition is they thought
they would catch the veteran in possession
of a lately drawn pension.
Mrs. Murray Sues for Divorce.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., Feb. Divorce
proceedings were filed in the Superior
Court of Marin County to-day by Lewella
B. Moore Murray against Archibald B.
Murray Jr. The couple have been married
two years, but have never lived together,
and the ground of divorce is failure to
provide.
NEW TO-DAT.
"We're going I "We're going
'em six bits 'em six bits
better." | better."
ram 10 O'CLOCK T0«
THOSE MUCH TALKED
ABOUT $7 SUITS AT
Regular $9, $10, $12 and $15 values.
"The very cleverest of Suits in the new shades of
Havana Brown, in Tricot Lawn. Those pretty suitings
in neat overplaids, the very cleverest of blue and black
Serge Cheviots, in single and double breasted sacks.
Prettier garments never left the tailors' bench."
All wool; every thread guaranted. Every suit
kept in repair one year free of charge.
Come to-day sure.
S. N. WOOD & CO.
(COLUMBIAN WOOLEN MILLS),
541 Market Street.
Bfiwarft of Our Imitators. ,Be Snrfi and look for the Same s. H. WOOD & CO.
—
SAN RAFAEL'S PLEA
FOR LOWER FARES
Wants Cheaper Transporta
tion To and From San
Francisco.
Two Bits for the Round Trip Is
Thought to Be About the
Ticket.
Hundreds of Citizens Pledge Support
to the Line That Accedes to
Their Petition.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., Feb. 12.— Ever
since the Supreme Court decided the
Marin County railroad case in favor of
President A. W. Foster of the San Fran
cisco and North Pacific Railroad the peo
ple of San Rafael have put forth all their
energies in an effort to induce the railroad
companies to reduce the fare for com
muters between the county seat of Marin
and the metropolis. Petitions addressed
to the board of directors of tne San Fran
cisco and North Pacific Railroad and the
North Pacific Coast road have been signed
by many hundred people. The petitions
ask that the round trip fare between San
Francisco and San Rafael be reduced to
25 cents and commutation tickets between
the same points be made $3.
It is a fact, the petition allege?, that the
growth of San Rafael has been slow as
compared with other places similarly
situated and with fewer natural advan
tages. This is due to the fact that the
round trip fare to San Rafael is 50 cents
as against 20 cents to Oakland, Berkeley
and Alameda. The present rates are
practically prohibitive except as to the
few whose property interests compel them
to travel over the lines.
It is claimed that the reduction would
enable San Rafael to compete with other
suburban towns. The petition concludes
thus: "We sincerely hope that both roads
will make this concession. Should one
grant it and the other refuse, then we
hereby pledge our support to the lino
which accedes to our petition."
The committees, composed of taxpayers
and property-owners in San Rafael having
the matter in charge, will hold a meeting
shortly for the purpose of appointing <t
sub-committee to present the petitions to
the railroads, and make a demand that
they reduce the rates of transportation be
tween San Rafael and San Francisco.
Mill Valley School Case Dismissed.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., Feb. 12.— District
Attorney E. B. Martinelli to-day caused
the case against N. B. Countryman, ac
cused by C. E. Cline of Mill Valley with
battery upon his nine-year-old son, to be
dismissed. The case has attracted con
siderable attention on account of the
prominence of the defendant, who Is a
member of the Marin County Bmrd of
Education and principal of the Mill Val
ley public school. It is claimed that the
charges were brought by Cline because of
I trouble that occurred between him and
Countryman during the recent election.
Mill Valley Landslide.
MILL VALLEY, Cal., Feb. Another
and larger landslide has occurred just
below Millwood station, on the Mill Valley
branch of the North Pacific Coast Railroad.
The side of a huge hill has caved in and
the rock and debris fallen upon the county
road. Men and teams are removing the
obstruction to-day.
Suicide of a Williams Blacksmith.\
COLUSA, Cal., Feb. 12.— U. P.
Worsley, a blacksmith living at Williams,
committed suicide this evening by shoot
ing himself through the head with a
revolver. He did not come home at his
usual time to-day and no trace of him
could be found around town, until one of
his neighbors happened to go into a shed
back of the deceased's house and found
his dead body seated in a buggy with a
bullet hole through his head. No motive
has as yet been advanced for the act.
34
NAVAL PAY CLERK
ROBS HIS CHIEF
Paymaster Semmes of the
Adams Misplaces His
Confidence.
Intrusts $1000 to Morris Govin,
Who Disappears Imme
diately Afterward.
— ■
The Case Reported at Washington,
and the Training-Ship's Cruise
Is Postponed.
VALLEJO, Cal., Feb. 12.— The United
States training-ship Adams, with a hun
dred apprentices on hoard, steamed quietly
up to the navy-yard Thursday afternoon
and made fast to the buoy abreast of the
sawmill.
Very little was known about the cause
of the vessel's return, as to-day she was to
have steamed away from Richardsons
Bay, to be gone for a period of six
months on a sort of roving commission.
It has leaked out, however, that the
"paymaster of the ship, Assistant- Pay
master Francis J. Semmes, U. S. N., had
nearly $1000 stolen from him by his pay
yeoman, Morris Govin, in whom he and
every one else bad heretofore placed the
utmost confidence. Govin had been an
apprentice-boy in the navy, served on the
Ranger and on tbe Adams on the last
cruise, and had always been found trust- ;
worthy. When it came to selecting a
clerk for the paymaster of the Adams
Uovin was chosen, but retained his rate
of pay yoeman, not wishing to lose the
chances of securing a continuous service
certificate, which he would do if he re- *
signed and accepted tbe appointment as
pay clerk.
The commandant of the yard. Admiral
Kirkland, upon being notified of the theft
of the money, instead of holding an in
vestigation by correspondence immedi
ately ordered the commanding officer to
bring the ship to the island, and this
morning he personally investigated the
case. Commander Watson and Paymaster
Semmes were sent for, and in the com
mandant's office made a detailed state
ment of the affair.
It appears that the paymaster was sent
to San Francisco to purchase supplies, and
also to draw in the neighborhood of $1000
either from a bank or the sub-treasury
and send it aboard ship. Govin was sent
with the paymaster. After the articles
had been purchased and the money pro
cured the latter was given to Govin to take
oif to the ship, as the paymaster intended
remaining ashore for the night. This was
a week ago to-day. Instead of going to
the ship as directed to do by the paymas
ter the gay yeoman took "French leave."
The following day, as soon as it was
learned that he bad skipped with the
money, search was made throughout the
City and a small reward offered for the de
serter.
The investigation developed the fact that
the paymaster bad placed too much con
fidence in the honesty of the man, and
that while in a measure he was blameless
for the loss he or his bondsmen would
have to make the money good to the Gov
ernment. wUt : '
Walter D. Bollard, who for a number of
years was the pay clerk at the navy-yard,
was this morning appointed by Paymaster
Semmes as his pay clerk, and the appoint
ment was immediately forwarded by «ele
pram for approval by the Secretary of the
Navy. Pending the answer the Adams
will remain at the yard, and as soon as re
ceived will immediately go to sea on the
six months' cruise. This morning sails
were loosed, and when furled at noon
the boys on board went up the rigging
and lay out on the yards like old sea
men.
If Govin. who is a hright, affable, good
looking, medium- man, is retaken
he will be brought to the island and tried
by court-martial. It is thought that by
tnis time he is back in Philadelphia, where
he formerly resided.
SAUSALITO' PARROT CASE.
The Valuable Bird Rs covered and an Effort
Being Made to Locate the
Robbers.
SAUSALITO, Cal., Feb. 12.— The great
est excitement was caused here to-day by
the report that La Kue Lemar, an ex
pressman doing business in Sausalito and
one of the firm of Smith & Lemar, bad
been arrested in San Francisco, accused of
being implicated in the robbery of Andrew
Nickles' oyster grotto last Saturday
morning.
The robbery attracted considerable at
tention at the time on account of the fact
that the robbers had taken, together with
a small amount of money and some cigars,
a valuable parrot.
This afternoon Lemar, who had been ar
rested as he was coming oft the Sausalito
boat and taken to the Harbor police sta
tion in San Francisco, was turned over to
Marshal John E. Creed of Sausalito and
subsequently released, as it was proven
that he was not the man wanted.
The case has a number of interesting de
tails that are furnishing Sausalito with no
end of gossip. It seems that Monday
morning Mrs. Nickles left Sausalito for
San Francisco to search for the missing
bird. She went to a birdstore on Kearny
street, where she recognized her parrot.
She spoke to the bird and Be answered by
calling, "Hello, Mrs. Nickles."
Mr. Robison, the proprietor of the
store, said that a man bad brought the
bird 10 him and offered it for sale, and he
had paid him $4 for it.
Mrs. Nickles then started out on a search
for the man and had Lemar arrested. The
boy in Robison's store when be saw Le
mar at once said that he was not the man
who had offered the bird for sale.
Lemar is quite indignant that he should
have been locked in a cell at the Harbor
Police station in San Francisco, where he
was confined a number of hours.
AAPA COUXTY'S IXFIRMART.
Supervisors Committee to Look Into Its
Management.
NAPA, Cal.. Feb. 12.— The Board of
Supervisors did not this month appoint a
superintendent of the County Infirmary,
though this was its annual meeting.
Instead the board appointed a committee
of three of its members to examine the
institution and report on its government,
sanitation, supplies used, etc Q. C. Fly
is the present superintendent, and ap
parently has given satisfaction. He is a
candidate for re-election. No charges
have been filed against him, but it is
understood that his management has been
complained of. Miss Hannah Sullivan,
for many years assistant matron, it is
understood will have to give way to Miss
Frank Gesford, sister to ex-Senator Ges*
ford.
Professor Vallejo Dies at lttllejo.
VALLEJO, Cal., Feb. Professor
Andronico A. Vallejo died this morning
of dropsy, which has gradually been
coming on for years. He was the eldest
son of the late General M. G. Vallejo and
was born at Fort Point, San Francisco,
April 28, 1834. He spoke several languages
and was a professor of music. To-morrow
morning the remains will be conveyed to
Sonoma for interment by the side of his
father. - The professor was of a genial
nature. He leaves a brother here. Dr.
Platon M. G. Vallejo, and many ifa nds to
mourn his demise. ~
SANTA CRUZ'S MURDER MYSTERY.
"Spanish Carrie" Lodged in Jail Pending
Further Inquiry Into Watchman
ford's Death.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Feb. 12.— Carrie
Smith, sometimes known as Carrie Ward,
but more commonly called "Spanish Car
rie," of Watsonville, has been lodged in
the County Jail here to await investiga
tion by District Attorney Carl Lindsay of
the facts and circumstances that led the
Coroner's jury to its verdict in the death
of Night Watchman Alford, who was
found dying on a street in Watsonville
last Saturday morning. The verdict of
the jury could be taken to mean either
suicide or murder without expressing the
jury's opinion, as it merely stated the
facts that were patent to the most casual
observer— that Alford came to his death
by a gunshot wound and the jury did not
know who fired the gun.
Spanish Carrie, by her own evidence,
was with Alford on the street just before
the shot was fired. They quarreled about
her intention to return to live with Jack
Bodie, the inference being that Alford was
jealous of Bodie. The quarrel reached the
point of Altord's threatening to shoot the
woman if she did not get off tbe street and
go home, so she says.
The advocates of the suicide theory say
Alford feared the woman might expose
his relations with her and her associates,
and decided then and there to end the
disgrace he had brought upon himself and
his family by taking his life. That has
been the view expressed by the Sheriff's
office. But Sheriff Besse doesn't always
express his real opinions too early in a
cos 3 when his statements are likely to be
printed.
The District Attorney took the precau
tion to permit no charge of negligence to
be laid at the door of his office. Spanish
Carrie may know more, and she may even
know less of the killing of John Alord
than she toid. She is of that walk in life
traveled by many who have as small re
gard for truth as for virtue. The people
of Watsonville generally believe murder
was done.
LOS ANGELES LADIES MEET.
'•Our Guests' Day" With the Friday
Morning Clvb — Instructive Addresses
by Several Visitors.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. 12.— The
programme at this forenoon's session of
the Friday Morning Club consisted of pa
pers read by ladies visiting in the city and
guests of the club. It was known as "Our
Guests' day."
The first address was given by Mrs.
Lewis B. Monroe of New York City on
"How to Teach Beginners to Read," dur
ing which the lady spoke emphatically
upon the importance of teaching children
to read by tbe phonetic system and not
by mere alphabetical spelling. Mrs. Mon
roe is the wife of the author of Monroe's
reader, so largely used in the public
schools, and is very conversant with her
subject. EEslB
Mrs. Thomas JO. Reading of Buffalo,-
N. Y\, spoke on "Federation Work," ad
vocating a oureau for the interchange of
best-written papers by members of various
clubs in New York State and stating the
necessity of unity in organizations as
being one of the important elements of
club work. Mrs. Reading paid a high
tribute to the women of the press, saying
that most of them are highly cultured,
bright women, who are a credit to their
sex and profession.
Mrs. E. O. Smith of San Jose gave an
address on "Our School System," making
as a particular point the advisability of
school appointments being Kept free from
political influence, also declaring that
mothers should be allowed a voice in all
educational matters. Mrs. Smith said
that some forms of general religion should
be taught in schools, but not actual
theology.
At the close of these very interesting
addresses Mrs. Osgood, ex-president, pre
sented the club with a fine bust on a
standard of Mrs. Caroline M. Severance,
president of the Emeritus Club, and paid
a graceiul tribute to the original as its
founder.
ORAXGE MARKET BOOUIXG.
Heavy Shipments East to Be Made in a
Fesv Days.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. 12.— Late ad
vices from Redlands, Highlands and On
tario, in San Bernardino County, and Po
mona, in the eastern part of this county,
are to the effect that the present week will
probably witness more oranges contracted
for immediate shipment than any previous
weak of the season.
Without saying anythihg to reveal their
plans the buyers have been very busy the
past three days, and it is now learned
that the Eastern markets have recently
developed strength, due to the clearing
up of the markets during the cold weather
in the East and the rainy weather here,
when shipments were very light. This
Improvement has not been unexpected,
but it came suddenly, and as a result a
great amount of fruit had been sold before
the general public was aware of the im
proved ' condition of the markets, the
buyers therefore getting the . principal
benefit of the rise.
Railroad Extension in Orange County.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. 12.— Colonel
Bob Northam, lessee of 4000 acres of the
Steams Kancao Company's land near
Boisa Chico Bay, in Orange County, was
seen by a Call correspondent to-day and
questioned about the proposed railroad
spur from Benedict station to the bay.
Tbe colonel said that it was the intention
of the Southern California Company to
construct that line without doubt. The
colonel also stated that there were ru
mors that a- road was to b? built from
Newport . Beach around on the Mesa,
throueh the Celery country and on to
Long Beach in rime, and in fact a right
of way had been obtained over a good por
tion of the distance, but be did not know
how probable it was that the road would
be built.
Street Work for the Unemployed.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. 12.—
unemployed problem is assuming serious
proportions. A joint meeting was held
to-day by the Chamber of Commerce di
rectors and the City Council. A plan will
be recommended of raising a large fund
by subscription to employ idle men on
street, work. A rock pile will be provided
for those who will not work willingly. It
is hoped to secure a fund of $25,000. "
.Vo«fJ»f/.-r»'. Serious Illness.
LOS ANGELES. Cal., Feb. 12.— Mme.
Helena Modjeska's illness toot such' a se
rious turn to-day that her engagement
here has been canceled. Manager Bou
vier hopes that sue will be able to appear
in a' few weeks.
Floods in the Sacramento Valley.
COLUSA, . Cal., Feb. 12.— Two large
breaks occurred in the Howell Point levee
on lower Grand Island last night and the
result is that about twenty- three thousand
acres of the finest grain land in the
Sacramento Valley is underwater. This
makes the third year in succession that
this land has been an entire loss by water.
Asthma cannot only be relieved, but entirely
cur d with Dr. 1). .lay lie's Expectorant. - - . •
For the Liver, use loyne's Painless sanative Pillo.
r>_Mll»"Mi»lßtasWsl_ii "liiiil i<i_i Jinn nii _a»_ nr—...  .■■■ . . _ ..
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1897.
INTERCOLLEGIATE
CARNOT DEBATE
French Educational System
the Subject Under
Discussion.
Is It More Conducive to the
State's Welfare Than Would
Be Our Own ?
11. A. Overstreet, U. C , in the Af
firmative, Wins the D:cision
of the Judges.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., Feb.
12. — A good-natured college crowd filled
tne chapel to overflowing this evening.
Even the top windows were occupied by
some students, who risked a serious fall
rather than miss one of tbe college events
of the year. The event which caused all
the excitement was the annual Stanford-
Berkeley Carnot debate.
Dr. J. M. Sttllman presided and intro
duced the speakers. He prefaced his first
introduction by explaining the conditions
which governed the judges in their choice
of speakers. According to the rules spon
taneity, excellence of reasoning, scholar
ship, style and delivery were to be con
sidered, as well as acquaintance with
French politics. Speeches were not to be
read or recited from memory.
At the close of the debate the judges,
Mayor J. D. Phelan, Attorney Charles ;
Page and Rev. E. L. Parsons, announced
their decision after a deliberation oi fifteen
minutes. H. A. Overstreet, U. C, one of
the speakers on the affirmative, was se
lected by the judges as most nearly satis
fying the conditions of the debate. In
making the decision Mayor Phelan said
that the choice rested between A. B.
Morgan of Stanford and H. A. Overstreet.
A majority vote was necessary to arrive
at a decision.
Before tbe decision of the judges, Pro
fessor Gayley of Berkeley said he bad no
doubt but that Mr. Morgan would be
awarded the decision.
The question for discussion was: "Is
the French system of education more con
ducive to the welfare of the State than
would be a system like that of the United
States?" The speakers appeared in the
following order: Charles E. Fryer, U. C,
affirmative; A. B. Morgan, Stanford, nega
tive; Mrs. M. G. Hood, Stanford, affirma
tive; A. C. Marks, U. C, negative; H. A.
Overstreet, U. C, affirmative; S. W.
Charles, Stanford, negative.
C. E. Fryer showed the difference be
tween the attitude of the French Govern
ment and that of the United States to
ward education. In the former there is
state control; in the latter slate support.
To take away state control in France
means to cast the education of the masses
upon religious organizations, which would
be hazardous. The system trains tne
peasant children for the high duties of
citizens. In the lust century there was
need for concentration. Hence the sys
tem is in entire harmony with the stale
government. Politically "it is raising the
average state of intelligence of the citi
zens. -iSLwW*'
In his rebuttai sreech he brought out
more clearly some of the arguments
which had been attacked by the opposi
tion.
A. B. Morgan showed the influence of
I the French system in politics. Tne Prime
; Minister is often at the head of education
jin France. The great aim of the I'nme
1 Minister is to be returned to power, and
j in his position an angel could scarcely re-
I sist the temptation of using hundreds of
j thousands of .the brightest minds in
j France to accomplish his enjs. The most
' dangerous phase of the system is the anti-
I religious sentiment which predominates
!in tne French schools. Mr. Morgan also
j brought out the fact that there is a strong
j tendency to overstock the different trade
professions. Mechanics are turned out of
i the schools when the oflice is already over
! stocked.
Mrs. M. G. Hood, in reply to Morgan's
' statement of the corruption existing in
I France, called attention to a similar state
existing in our educational institutions.
I In America the children are not allowed
] religious instruction. In France the
children of all denominations sit side by
side without thought of creeds. This in
duces a spirit of toleration which is valua
ble tor state interests. When the schools
j a:* in the hands of local control, ignorant
> members are elected to oflice. Often they
| are unfit to decide on what is best to teach
the growing children under then control.
A. C. Marks mentioned the evil effects
of the system on political institutions.
Teachers were chosen not because of their
i ability, but because of political influence.
The system paves the way for a materi
alistic religion. The centralization of
I education would meet the needs of France.
It has been tried in other countries and is
no experiment.
H. A. Overstreet pointed out the fallacy
J one falls into if be reasons that because
I one system suits one country it will neces
sarily suit another. Decentralization
must be universal to be successful. Cen
tralization alone makes possible the pas
sage of an effective law whioh requires
compulsory education. Thanks to the
Beterity of the state, education Is made to
be something desirable. In his rebuttal he
showed that France had been centralized
from top to bottom and asked if it was
reasonable to suppose that decentraliza
i lion in one department would work in
i such a state ?
S. W. Charles made a point of the at
tendance of students at private schools.
Fully one-fifth graduate from private
schools. Prominent authorities agree that
their standard is up to those directed by
the state. The French Government is con
stantly changing. With each change
comes a corresponding change in the
political education of the people. It is
dangerous for a people to become depen
dent upon the state; they lose their Inde
pendence and their character. Such de
pendence exercises an equally baneful in
fluence upon educational institutions.
ORRGOX'S CHAOTIC LEGISLATURE.
All the Senate Clerks, Sixty-Seven in
•v timber, Discharged.
SALEM, Or.. Feb. 12.— joint con
vention was called to order at 12 o'clock
noon. The rollcall showed that eleven
Senators nnd twenty-six representatives
were present, making thirty-seven in all.
The joint house adjourned till noon to
morrow. The Mitchellites will make the
last bi>» pu-h on Monday next. Yester
day ail the clerks. sixiy-^even in all, were
discharged from the Senate. A war rapes
as to who got so many appointed, but the
blame largely rests at Senator Brownell's
door. '-g.Mt>a*aßm_s_-l
PORTLAXD BUhGLARS ESCAPE.
Saw Their Way Through Prison Bars
During the Xight.
PORTLAND, Or., Feb. 12.— John Burns.
George Brown and James Conley, ar
rested here last Tuesday nig .t upon
pretty well-grounded suspicion of having
recently committed a series of burglaries,
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
sawed their way out of tbe City Jail last
night. They were arraigned on three
charges of burglary in " the municipal
court yesterday, but asked for a continu
ance of their preliminary bearing till to
day to enable them to engage counsel.
This seems to have been' a "blind," as
even then, it now seems, they had the
break in contemplation. All three bear
the appearance of being ex-convicts.
NEWS OF SAN JOSE.
Decree of Sale and Foreclosure Judgment
Granted Suit to Foreclose a
Land Mortgage.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 12.— The Garden
City Bank and Trust Company was to-day
granted a decree of sale and foreclosure
judgment against Charles C. Smith et al.
for $24,796 by Judge Lorigan. The judg
ment includes a claim assigned from the
First National Bank for $7143, one from
G. Brewer for $3096 and $1000 counsel fee.
The property involved includes • a fruit
farm near Evergreen and some city lots.
Henry F. Crane, executor of the estate
of Charles Kinney, deceased, to-day began
a suit against Charles E. Wade and wife
to foreclose a $10,000 mortgage on 386
acies of land near Alviso. The mortgage
was given to secure a promissory note
executed by Wade and wife to Kinsey on
May 20, 1896. A decree of sale is asked.
Whitney Must Open the Avenue.
SAN JOSE , Cal.. Feb. 12.— suit of
Henry Hoppel against E. S. Whitney. to
compel the opening of Whitney avenue in
Los Gatos as a public thoroughfare was
decided in favor of the plaintiff by Judge
Lorigan this morning. The avenue lies
between property belonging to the parties
to the suit, and the clodng of it by Whit
ney prevented Hoppel from free access to
his home. The plaintiff asked for $5000
damages, but this was denied and only a
decree opening the avenue to traffic was
awarded.
January Births Equal the Deaths.
SAN JOSE, Cal.. Feb. 12.— The report
of Health Officer J. R. Curnow shows that
during the month of January the death
rate was lower than for the same month
n any year since the existence of ihe
board. The total number of deaths was
only 23, which shows a gradual decrease,
in the rate since 1891, when 67 deaths
were reported.. The number of births
was 23.
Pioneer Griffin Diss Xear Santa Clara.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 12.— Thomas
Griffin, a pioneer resident of this county,
died at his home near Santa Clara last
evening. He was a native of Galway, Ire
land, a.zed 68 years. He settled in this
county in the early '50's, and was engaged
in farming up to the time of his death. A
widow and three grown children survive
him.
Rev. A. P. Anderson Dies at Santa Clara.
SAN JOSE, Cal, Feb. 12.— Rev. Augus
tus P. Anderson, pastor of the Episcopal
church at Santa Clara, died at his home
at that place this morning. He was a na
tive of Virginia, and 08 years of age. The
deceased had been pastor of the Santa
Clara church for six years. He had been
ill for several weeks, and bis death was
not unexpected.
Horstsheers Seek Protection.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb- 12.— A majority
of the master blacksmiths and horse
shoe™ of Santa Clara County held a meet
ing in this city last night, and framed a
bill to be presented to tbe Legislature to
protect themselves from bad bills. A per
manent organization was effect el with
James Howard ns president, W. Carroll
secretary and Jack O'Brien treasurer.
MOTHER AND SON DROWNED.
Attempt to Ford the Van Duzen. River Near
Alton and Are Swept Down
the Stream.
EUREKA, Cal., Feb. 12.— One of the
saddest accidents that ever occurred in
this part of the State took place this
morning, when a mother and her son
were drowned in the Van l)uz»n River,
near Alton. Mrs. 11. H. Miller and her
14-year-old son were driving along the
county road, which crosses the river on a
regular ford at that place.
The recent rains have swelled the rivers
of the county into torrents, and the ford
bad been so badly washed out as to make
the crossing extremely dangerous. Yes
terday Peter Peterson, while attempting
to cross the river at the ford, lost his
horse and buggy and narrowly escaped
with his life, having been swept down the
river for half a mile.
Mrs. Miller was warned of the danger,
but insisted on making the attempt. She
and her son were in a good spring wagon,
and she was driving a pair of sturdy
horses.
As ohe drove in where the ford should
have been the horses almost at once lost
their footing, the water covering their
backs. The horses tried to swim but
with tne wagon were quickly swept doWn
the river by the swift current.
Mrs. Miller and her boy clung to the
seat of the wagon until it gave way, and
the mother fell into the stream and was
drowned.
The boy seized the sides of the wagon
and hung on with desperation as it wis
swept down the stream. Just nt the
mouth of the river he was was: ed off and
sank into the water.
The horses and wagon were swept still
further down the river and finally
grounded on a sand bar, where they were
afterward found.
A large number of people have been
dragging the river all day, but up to to
night the bodies had not been recovered.
TWO SAN D/EGANS MURDERED.
Bodies of Munn Davis and James L
Steams Found on the Desert— Pursuit
of Their Slayer.
SAN DIEGO, Cal.. Feb. 12.— A telegram
to-night to Charles Keissig from Bowman
& Beermaker at Rio Ville. Nev., says that
the bodies of Munn Davis and James L.
Steams have been found on the desert.
This settles the fate of I c men who left
their tent at Spanish Bar, thirty mites
below Rioville, on the Colorado River, in
company with the hallbreed, Frank
Navarro ("the Mouse") on the morning of
January 28 and were never seen after
ward. Navarro, who is a fugitive from
justice, was suspected of their murder
irom the first, and mounted officers are
now in pursuit on the desert near North
Kingman. Navarro is wanted for a murder
in Mono County and other crimes. The
telegram states no further particulars.
Davis and Steams ere well known here
end highly respected. They were placer
mining on the Colorado River for a com
pany of local capitalists and were sup
posed to nave some gold dust in their
possession at the time of the murder.
Scientists -Going on a Cruise.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Feb. 12.-The
schooner H. C. ah i berg will sail to-mor
row with A. W. Anthony, the celebrated
ornithologist; R. C. McGregor of Stanford
University; T. S. Brandegee. the famous
botanist— a party of eight all told— for a
six months' cruise in the Gulf of Lower
California -and Lower Mexican waters
after rare and curious birds, animals and
fishes for the Smithsonian Institution,
Stanford and private collections.
Engineer Thomas Found Dead in Bed.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Feb. 12.— Robert F.
Thomas, one of the old. st and most popu
lar locomotive engineers on the Southern
California road, was found dead in bed
untAl rnAiiiiio iiiunrni.
Foremost Apostle of Temperance Indorses
Paine's Celery Compound.
Francis Murphy, the widestknown ter- been the constant theme of this great | Paine's celery compound to his fellow-
perance advocate in the world, was born philanthropist. practitioners and to the world, "i: -.
sixty years ago in a humble cottage in Because of its power of strengthening j For absolute reliability in routing out
Ireland. He is the founder of the "blue and resto the " erves and brai^ ft«ffi. d^?a W^SiS"^
ribbon" and "iron-clad pledge" move- celery compound is used ° day in many proacluw'it. Paine's celery compound
ribbon" nnd "iron-clad pledge" move- . fQmJl^ „ 0 .. , \i \, V, .- I proache* it. Paine's celery compound
ments Mr Mnrphy and Mr Moody v farai ' les as that of Mr ' Murphy, < should be taken by every one who Is try-
ments. M. a* o ™ o / and Mr. Moody There no othet remedy WQald be lhought in to . rid o{ * o*-blood0 *- blood diseases or
have recently been laboring together in of or a moment. a disordered condition of the liver or
some of the large cities. How deeply they Mr. Murphy writes to the Boston kidneys.
have entered into the affections of the Globe: "Paine's celery compound has . Such evidences of an unhealthy condi-
countrv every one know* been UB ed in my family with good effect. \ 'I o ™, ttS , those c <? natant headaches, me an-
country every one Knows. -.-... r«n «H J „ &""" cucv,i. i c holy, dvspensia or constipation rapidly
Five thousand people have just signed i" °P ,ouuia my * , disappear under the cleansing, regulating
Mr. Murphy's temperance pledge in discoverer of this most successful of action of Paine's celery compound.
Mr. t juurpny s temperance pledge in remedies was no mere theorist Prof Ed- . Don't confound Paine's celery compound
Boston. j ward E. Phelps, M.D., 1.L.D., of th- Dart- ! wittl the ignorant, catch-penny, short-
Mr. Murphy is a great believer in Paine's ; mouth Medical School had accumulated lived remedies— sarsaparilla?, nervinesand
celery compound. For year* he has been ; the most absolutely convincing evidence l°" ics ,ha i bear as maC l ™»e™blance to
thoughtfully observing and advising men j 0 , the remarkable virtue of hi/great Sit \ S^^t^Tbe^aTs^tSartb^ Sv^on!
for their bodily and spiritual welfare. . | covery, enough to satisfy the most skepti- Don't take anything less than Paine's
"A sound mind in a sound body" has | cally inclined person, before he offered | celery compound.
at the International Hotel, National City,
this morning. He brought tbe passenger
train from Los Angeles last night and
went to bed feeling well. The Coroner's
jury declared that death resulted from
rheumatism of the heart. Thomas came
from the Minneapolis and St. Louis Rail
road ten years ago. He had been an
engineer for thirty years and leaves an
estate valued $75,000.
Fatal Accidetit Xear Casndero.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., Feb. 12.— The
body of the 15-year-old son of Mr. and
Mrs. John Boratra of Cazadero has been
found. The boy left home on a shooting
expedition with his gun and dogs and not
returning the anxious parents instituted a
search. The boy had accidentally shot
himself. The dogs were keeping "watch
over the body.
The Macklnasv Afloat Again.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., Feb. 12.—
The stranded steam collier Mackinaw got
off the beach without the assistance of
the tugs at high tide this morning while
a southwest gale was blowing. She is
now at anchor in the bay. A survey will
be held to-morrow to determine the char
acter of the damages, if any.
• ks.,i> l» Sentenoati.
Arthur Jackson, the young man who
killed August Florentine on the San
Bruno road several weeks ago and who
was convicted of manslaughter by a jury
in Judge Wallace's court, stood up to re
ceive his sentence yesterday,
Judge Wallace sentenced the pris
oner to serve eight yearn in the
State prison at San Qnentin. The great
est penalty under the law is ten vear-.
BERYOOS DEBILITY
I Is due to overwork, over I
■ study, over exhaustion I
■or some form of abuse, I -
1 When you abuse your- I
H .••elf you begin to de- 1
| cline. Now just stop it 9
Band get cured with the 3
■ great Remedy- Treat- I
B ment |i
HUDYAN
This remedy-treatment cures Nervous
Debility, Neurasthenia, Jailing or lost
manhood. It has been used by over 10, COO
men on the Pacific Coast, and these men
are now cured men. If you doubt this
read their testimonials or consult Hudson
Doctors free.
HUDYAN
Is to be had only from
Hudson Medical Institute.
Write for Circulars and Testimonials.
itBBß>POisoN
When you are suffering from Blood Poi-
son, no matter whether it be in the first,
secondary or tertiary form, you can be
cured by the use of the
30-DAY CURE.
Write for 30-Day Circulars.
Hudson Medical Institute
Stockton, Market and Kills Sts.
Consult Hudson Doctors Free.
Consult Hudson Doctors Free.-
Consult Hudson Doctors Free.
Consult Hudson Doctors Free.
j Consult Hudson Doctors Free.
RAILROAD TRAVEL. I
SAN FR4IVCISCO & NORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO. I
Tibnron Ferry— Foot of Market St.
fan Francisco to San Rafael.
WEF.K PAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a.m.: 12:3%
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 P. M. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. M. Saturdays— Extra trips at I:SJ
and 11:80 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:OO, 8:30, 11:00 a.m.; 1:30, 3:3*
6:00, 0:20 P. M.
San Rafael to lan Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 A. m-
-12:45, 3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays-Extra trip's
at 1:65 P. M. and 6:35 p. m. p
BUNDAYB— 8:10, 9:40, 11:10 _ m. : 1:40,3:41
6:00,6:25 p.m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park sams
schedule as above.
• Leave In effect I Arrive
Ban Francisco. | Oct. 14. Ban *'"— clico.
Wekk j Sun- j ,, eß \?*"; lon Sun- 1 Wkkk"
Days. | pays. I "^"nation. pAY^ j v AY9
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am! 8:40 am
3:30 9:30 am I'etaluma, 6:10 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm|! Santa Bos— 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
He&idsburg,
i.ytton,
Geyservllle,
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. | 7:"5 r« 6:22 pm
______ -
j Pleta, i j
• Honland &
7:30 am' 8:00 am [ Uklah. | 7:35 pm 6.22 pm
7:30 am j 10:25 am
8 :00 am { Guerneville. | .7:35 pm
8:30 pm ' I | 6:22 pm
7:30 am 800 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. 1 6:10 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8 :00 AM7"L^ a «7 nn ai j 10:40 am; 10:2 > am
3:3orM|s:oopM| &e ° Mtopßl - j 6:10 pm] 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa lor Mark West
Springs; at Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for tne Geysers; at Pi eta for Highland
Springs, Kelseyville. Soda Bay and L*keport; at
Hopland for Lakeport and Bartiett Spring a;
Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Bluo
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, I'omo, Potter
Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's. Buck-
nell's, Sanhedrln Heights. Hullville, Booneville,
Greenwood, Orr'i Hot Springs. Mendocino City
Fort Bragg. Weatport, Usal, Wtiiets. Canto, Co-
relo, Ijiytonviile, Harris, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at red uoed
rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
yond San Rafael at half rates-
Ticket Offices. 660 Marketst,, Chronicle bnlldlng.
A. W. FOSTER, B. X. RYAS,
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pas*. Agent.
Atlantic <%^
r\ »_r»» _J_Sr"gPv?My^
RAILROAD
Trains leave auj cirnirj ■t^^^^Sfl^'^m !
SAJITA FE EXPRESS. fe^MS
10 Ch i? reot^- & v 'y£lMg^
ffra^n^oom 1 "^ 1^ "" l!ra »°
fc-icenlng-carsT which d«n L P' lol » l «' d Jonrijt ,
$£» »*»_2: SM&v^
ulw^fs l^ ' from California to the East. :
?..- J s ' new l i n'ii no dust: interesting ,cener7
»no good meals in Harvey's dining-rooms. T " |
B» S *^r r * ncUcoTickcto nic«. 044 Marks*
irii «? n nile? le »; ulld *»K- Telephone JUaia
1581. Oakland. 1118 Broad way.
■WJfllT TAJIALPAIS.
Coa?i 1 !all?o l ad.* t WUU Sortfc »° la «
I'Huso&Est ?• rio p- i- Ilk ? «
len,S A n VS ~I L *.» veBP - BAM H--»OA.M.l:3oi_: '
Beturnlng-Arrive 5.F.1:16 p.M.4:20 p.m. 7 35 1 £ '
l^" * or •*>« m Mill Valley or ° R *
«_jg& _^iLu o a_^_ggg^ 1
the m FRIACiSCO mifim
VALLEY RAILWAY COHPAAT. H '
Fw^n/uVa^^' 31 ' 1897 ' »"««•- train, '
■-loulhbound. Station-, * •»-. .^
a-^-Si::::;;;;-l ?r ■
,^ : *® *»* Merced ..8-14* "
11 l »A M rre5r:0......;.;; , ] :}„ l *
conn 0 / '■ lß,, n'«»»"' stanoissee tl«.-t R U bi P c
Connectins! Jtenmboa., „f lhe c '\ t * Di «-
-' leas, Ban Francisco and «oakt n»t 6, a. dan? '
i - RAILROAD TRAVB_
SOt I'HKRS rAVSMMK COMPANT.
fPACIFIO .SVMKM.I *v:>*;
Train* leave i.ml ;»•■«• due In arrive sat >
KAN . FltANt'lM'O.
i.tAvr — From January 1, 1887. '— afriti
' *«:09\ San Joe.' and Way Stations . . . 8:43 a
7.-»0a Atlantic Express, '.Jfiden and fra.-.t.. S:-I9r
7:OOa Ujiiici.i, VaaaTilw, Rumsey. Sacra-
' uieuto. Orovilla and Redding via
l>avis 6:43p
7:3*>a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, Napa,
Calistoga and Santa R05a......... •sl3«
9:!IOa Niles, Sau Jose, Stock ton, lone,
Sacramento, Marysvtllc Chi co.
Tehama and Rod Jtluff -4:13p
•»:30a Peters and Milton i , *7:13p
9:<>Oa New Orleans Express, Raymond (for'
• , Vos-.miitt), Freano, llakerslield, '
Santa Barbara, 1«s Angeles, Dem-
ing, EI Paso, New Orleans and
East 4.43*
9:00 a Martinez and Stockton 4:13p
«:OOa Vallejo 6:13p
Nilas, San Jose, Livermore and
Stockton 7:13p
*l:OOp Sacramento River Steamers '0:00
l:OOp Niles, San Jose and Livermore 8:43 a
:'.:»r Port CosU and Way Stations t?:4sr
4:»M»r Martinez, Sau Ramon, Vallejo,
Napa, Calistoga, El Verano and
Santa Rosa 9:1 a
4:OOpßenloia, VncaviUe, Woodland*
Knights Landing, Marysville, Oro-
ville aud Sii<-raineii* i> 1 1:13 A
4:80p Lathrop, Stockton, Modesto, Mer-
ced and Fresno, going via Niles, -
returning via Martinez 1 1:43 A
SiOOpLoe Angelas Express. Tracy,
Fresno, Santa Barbara and Los
Angeles , 1 Oi43a
BtOttp Santa Fu Route, Atlantic Express
forMojavu and East 10:43 a
6:«n»r European Mail, Ogdeu and Eaat.... 9:43\
€:(lse llayvTards, Niles and Jose 7:43 a
17:OOi- Vallejo 1 17*45»
7:Ol»i- Oregon IVxproes, Sacramento, Marys-
ville, Redding, Portland, l'ugek
Sound and ICast 11:13 a
•jlO:0«p •• Sunset Limited. " Fresno. Los
Angeles. Bl Paso, New Orisons
and East ..«1«i43»
_. SANTA t'KI'X DIVISION (Karrow «ange>
•:13a Newark. CauterriUii.Huii Jose.Felton. I ••
Boulder Creek, Santa Cms and Way
• Stations... SiSOr
•8:18p Newark. Centerville, San Jose, New
Almaden, Feltou, Boulder Creek.
Santa Crux and Principal Way '
Stations •11:30 a
4:13 p Newark, San Jose and Los (tatos ... 9:30 a
1:1.1 p Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
Way Stations 17i»0»
COAST VISION ('I bird A lommriid Sta.)
0:43 a Han Jose and Way Stations (New .
Almaden Wednesdays 0n1y)......, 1.30*
•:13a Sau Jose. Trea Finos, Santa Crux. > ■ -■■-
Pacific Grove. Paso Rubles, San'-.*.' •.;•".
Luia Olilspn. Guadalupe, Surf and '> -V-^'.
Principal Way Stations 7:OOp
l«:IO\ Hun .lose and Way Stations , r»:OOf
11::ioa Palo Alto and Way Stations 8:30"
'i-.'.inr San Mateo, Menlo Park, Han Jose, " •- c .-'
Gilroy, Tros Piuos, Santa Crur,".
Salinas, Monterey ami PaclficUrova s|Oi4ox
■3::iOpSan Jose— id Way Stations *:43\
•4:80 - Sao .Tesoitud Way Stations *8:03 a
S:SOp S:» ; Jn— and Prlucipal Way Stations »8:43 a
lt:BUp San Jose and Way Stations tLXV*
lll:43i- San .Ipso and Way Stations.. ..;.... 17:4 3 p
~_ piAX LiAMtltO A.M. MAVWAKUS LOtiAL. '
i*6:O9A " 7 7.if| A '
SiO.'la I , f 9:4 3 a
lO.ooa I Melrose, Seminary Park, \u*tU,
"sioSrl Fitrhburg, San Leaadro "^ljgJ
SI2SJ »« \ tlh
SJSSJ I Haywards, *»;
7:<)op [ ■■'" 8:43
S.OOp . _ . 9:43p
».-OOp I » guns through to Niles. I0:30p
ttll:l3pj From Niles. [ ftia:<M>P
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SAN F&4KCISCO— of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00a.¥. 11:00 *2:00 13:09
•1:00 1B:00 *6:00r.«.
•"rem OIEUND— Foot orßrosdwsv.— . *fi:00 8:00
10:00 a.m. 112:00 ,*1:00 18:00 *3:00 tkiOO
"3:00f.M.
A for Morning. P tor Afternoon. .
* Sundays excepted. I Saturdays only.
..." 1 Sundays only. ■ • •
ft Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
ITuei days and Saturdays. J Sundays and Thursdays.
SOUTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROii
. (Via Sausalito Ferry).
sTk_a San Francisco, Commencing Sept, 1& XSSsV
WK— — DAT—
roc Mill Valley and San Rafael— rSB, «Btl%
ll:o0 a. _ ,1 -1:45. 3:45, •0:16. «5 -.45, 6:30 r. 2
Extra trips far San Rafael on Mondays. Wsdaa*
«_s and Saturdays at 11 :30 r. _
(SUNDAYS. ..
For Mill Valley and San Bafael— •8:00. "10 •_
•11:30 a. v. : •1:80, 3:00, »4:ao, 8:15»! jj.
Trains marked • run to Ban Quentin, ".
THROUGH TRAINS.' ".
For Pot at Reyes and way stations— TiXk _ _
Weekdays, 8 H)0 a. _ Sundays, 1:46 m. _ ait _»
•ays. asmsur
i ' or Casadero and way station 7:23 _ m. <r__
foysi XAA IMC. B i >luraays>/^* ,48 ** * »*TGOOD TIMES LED
SCARE PIN OUT
Sims Displayed Better
Jockey ship Than Tod
Sloan.
Backed Off the Boards, Unity
Took the Distance Run
Very Cleverly.
—
.'California Was aa Easy Winner.
• Latah, a ioo lo i Outsider, Finished
Second to Soniro.
Special race, one mile, purse $400, if track
good.
■.. „Thus read 'he conditions of the fourth
;„ event on the card at Oakland yesterday.
There were but two starters, Scarf Pin
'carrying 107 and Good Times with 112
pounds in the saddle. In a six-furlong I
stake decided on Wednesday and won by i
. Casper the place was given to Scarf Pin, |
though the majority of spectators thought !
Good Times beat her a head. In the be*.- !
ting yesterday Purser's filly went to the j
j.ost at odds of 3 to 5, while 6 to 5 was
obtainable against Gene Leigh's prom
.A"'--ing colt. Tod Sloan bad the mount on
*;;ie filly and when the duo were sent
away seemed in no great hurry to open a j
gap on the colt, which with Willie Sims !
in the.saddle hung at her side.
"When half the distance had been coy- ]
ered Tod tried to cut away, but found he i
had butted his head up against a stone '
• wall, for, instead of shaking Good Times !
off, that youngster showed increased '
• peed, and in a mild drive defeated the j
filly by a head. The time, 1:42%, was !
J slow. The wise contingent were supposed
„. to have backed Scarf Pin. and the crowd
in general followed suit.
The day was notable as marking another \
butchery of first choices, Unity being the , *
.one lonely favorite to come shambling in ;
• ahead ol his field. The weather was cold j
. and the grand stand was but lightly filled. I \
The recall flag used by Mr. Ferguson in i j
conjunction with tne gate at the Emery- i
" ville tracK is undoubtedly a failure. I ;
Delays long and tedious are common and ; -
• in Mr. Ferguson's hands the gate appears j <
. to-be no improvement over the old any- ; 1
•old-way flag starts. The jockeys don't I
care whether they line up or not, knowing | <
•they will not be left, and pay about as j i
much attention to the starter's threats as ; '
a cannibal does to keeping his nails mam- \ ]
cured. In the fifth race, for which Suisun ' !
-.was a 2 to i choice, with Sloan up, there ;
was a dreary delay of a half hour or more. ! .
• The horses became chilled and when ;'■
finally dispatched California, the second
Choice, won easily from Caliente. Suisun, i
who did little prancing about at the post j
•and was consequently an icicle when sent
away, was a poor third.
Charley Thorpe piloted the first winner '
over the line, a seven-furlong affair for '
maidens. Philip H was a7to 5 favorite, ,
. but Nebula led from tne jump leading tbe j
first choice out by three lengths in I:3o}^.
Nick Hall's mare La Fiecha was chosen
to carry the coin in the six and a half fur- .
• long run that followed, but could finish i
no better than third, going to the post an i
8" to o choice. Moving up from fourth \
position Soniro won handily by over a i :
. tenet ■■ from the 100 to 1 shot Latah, ridden j
I by Brock. I ]
" The chestnut gelding Unity was backed ! ■
down from 5 to 2 to even money to cap- ! !
Jure the mile and a sixteenth selling ' ;
•event, and alternating in second and tnird 1
position behind Two Cheers and Snow- i i
down to the stretch there drew away and
came in an easy winner over Two Cheers.
The second choice, Peter the Second, was
a close third. f
The crowd jumped aboard Woodland
Belle in the final five furlong dash to get
•• even, sending Coulter's filly to the post a
9to 10 chance. In a hard drive Bob Isom
got Miss Maggie M » ast the judges a head
in front of the sizzling hot choice. New
comer, a 60 to 1 shot, ran a very creditable
race, finishing third.
NOTES.
The Paul Jones entered in the first race
and scratched was not tbe horse that ran
in a number cf races in Montana the past
THE "CALL" RACING GUIDE.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB. Oakland Racetrack. Friday, February 12. Forty-fourth day
of the Winter Meeting. 1896-97. Weather fine. Track good.
top FIF.HT BACE— Seven-eighths of a mile; maiden three-year-olds; purse 4350.
1 j
Index.} Horse, weight. I St. I Vi j
5.'4 Nebula 110 2 1 1_ ,
.531 Phillip H 112 4 5 1
5.4 Piav Boy 109 8 2X_
600 Att'cus.. 112 5 4Vi
417 Bernard 107 1 3V* \
463 Moreno 105 6 6Vi
SHI Tulare 112 8 1 7
600 lie lourist. 115 9j 8
• 624 Braxey 105 7| 9
Index.
lh
51
a 1
7Vi
4 h
3b
6 2
9
8
1 Vi 11
3h 32
22 2 2
7 3 « I ',
6 1 6 1.
41 73
6 1 4 Vi
8 8
9 9.
1 3 I
IV*
8 V*
4 1/.
5 i*.
6 I i
7.8
8 20 I
9 !
. Thorpe
Sims
T. McHugh....
Snider...*.
a. Wilson
I Hennessy
Isom
Golden...
J. Shields
I Betting.
I Op. CI.
2
8-5
20 -,
15
60
10
10
10
30
6-2
7-6
30
16
100
15
10
10
80
Good start. Won easily. Winner, Elm wood farm's b. f., by imp.
1:301.4
■107 SECOND Thirteen-slxteenths of a mile; selling; purse 1400.
' Index. Horse, age, weight. ' St. I % %
■'; 499 Sonlro, 3 97 1 4h
281 Latah, 3 96 5 2h
(260) La Flecba, 4 107 6 6h
■■ ♦ 166 Lupula, 3 fcB 7 6
W 513 Zooleln, a 104 4 13
1 618 Monterey, 5 104 3 31
(518)|Boadranner. 6. ..112 2 1 7
.. index.
% Str.
5Vi ! 3 1
4 1 I 42
aVi ! 21
7 6
IK i%
Sh 7
6Vi I 6
1 IVi Jones
2h Brock
8 3 Thorpe
4Vi IH. Brown
5 2 Hennessy
6 4 Golden
7 Piggott.....
2
100
5-2
4
8
60
4
.*£ 8
100
8-6
9-2
10
100
7
Good start.
.Time, 1:23 V_.
Won handily. Winner, E. Corrigau's b. g., oy Emperor of Norfolk-Blaze Away
9Q THIP.D
purse $350.
Index!
index: Horse, age, weight. | ..St. Std. Vi Vi %
457 Unity, 4 96 122 21 38 32
532 Two Cheers. 6 ... 98 7 1 It, lh lh 23
436 Peter 11. 6 1101 3 62' Vi 51 4h
. (505) tenovvdown. 4 11l 2 3Vil3 3 2h lh
518 sooladain. 6 98 6 43 4Vi 4 1 5 1
_?_ Jack Martin, 4.... 99 451 6 666 66
512 Trlx. a 98 6 7 7 7 7
Horse, age, weight.
St.
32
lb
4Vi
2 h
52
6 10
7
1 2Va I Slaughter
IV* Jones
3 8 Thorpe
43. H. Shields
63 G.Wilson
615 spencer .."....
7 J. Woods...
Jockey.
5-2
5
2
6
50
30
30
_____
1
4
2
12
100
60
100
• Perfect start. Won easily. Winner. L. Ezell's eh. g.. by imp. Bossing on-Unlte. Time, 1:48
5_9 FOURTH ACE-Onemlle ; purse $400.
Index.
Horse, age, weight.
527 ;
627 I
Good Times, 3... 112
I scarf Pin. 3. .....107
2
1 I
2
lh
'2
lh
lh
2 -
i_K
4-fi
6-5
3-5
It.
10an ........ j
Poor start. Won driving. Winner, H. E. Leigh's b. c, by imp. Bossinrton-Famine. Time, 1:42%.
.540 *"""_: BA CE-Three-sixteentbs a mile; selling; purse $400.
Index. Horse, age, weight. j
Fin.
315 i California. 6 107 ,2 11V_ 12 19 i
Calienle, 4 104 3 6h 4h 32 2
. (463) xiisun, 3. 98 1 3h I 3 h 4v, <t
497 F1y,6.... 109 B 22V.1 2 21/, *31 4
622 Lost Girl,' 8 96 4 4h 62 _] „
• 516 .Toauo. a.... 104 8 8 «v 66 2
. 626 Peril, a . 9f» 7 71 8 « 7
503 Pat Murphy. 6... 6| -| Sh | 7Va 7Vi 8
Good start. Won easily. Winner, T. W. Coulter's eh. m. by imr_
. 1521%J ::.;.:i. :: * *"**
2
3
1
5
4
8
7
6 I
i
.......
11% 12
6h 4h ,
3h 3 h '
__* ll*
4h j 62 *
?i I 6Vi
71 H W
Sh I 7Vi
1 2
3 2 •
__*
_ I
51
66
8
7Va
1 3
24 '
3h
4 h
56 .
84
7 3
8
H. Manln
Slaughter
T. Sloan
Jones
spencer...
lienuessy
Parker
R. Irom..
3
■ 4 ''
8-5
8
25
25
30
20
5-2
7-2
2
12
20
SO
100
30
I
Time,
• r~ ' _
j 1 SIXTH RACE-.
; purse $300.
Horse, age, weight.
j Belling.
Op. CI.
520 Miss Maggie M, 3.:
520 Woodlnd 8e!1e,8..:
600 Nuncomar, 3 '.
524 Mercutio, 3.......*:
389 Altan.ra, 3
■ 620 Chappie, 3..: :
620 MneNlnetyNinS.
618 Sngarfoot. 8
I
5
I
8
7
1
4
2
] h
4 h
2h
7h
8
52
a ii
6n
__
3 2
lh
62
7
5 Vi
.22
2 ii
lh
3 h
5%
.2
T<s
4 Vi
8
1 h
2 2
3 li
4 1
S3
61
71
8
R. 150 m........
H. Martin I
I Frawley ;
Hennessy
spencer
. 1 Jones....;
Thorpe..
I slaughter.
12
6-6
50
20
15
8
4
8
_____
12
1
60
30
20
8
6
0
I
Good start. Won drill-.. Winner, G.
b. __ by imp. -Udlothiao-Trixy. • Time, 1:02%. •
summer. The gelding entered yesterday
was bred in the southern part of this
State.
' As good as 200 to 1 was laid against
Latah in a few ot the books.
The Burns & Waterhouse sale of horses
in training will take place in the paddock
at the Oakland track to-day.
The license committee of the American
Turf Congress has requested Secretary W.
S. Leake of the Pacitic Coast Jockey Club
to call the attention of owners and train
ers at Ingleside to rule 174 of the Ameri
can racing rules, adopted and in force
January 1,1897, viz.: "All persons training
horses, whether their own or the property
of another, shall pay a license of $10 per
annum, and no horse shall be allowed to
start on tracks of the congress until such
license has been procured." "?:;-'...'•-'.-'
Blank applications can be had from
Secretary Leake.
Following are to-day's entries:
Firs", race, three-eighths of a mile, two-year-olds,
purse.
Murphy.loßl Estro.... 108
611 St. Phillip . 103 619 Don Lull 108
619 Fallen 1 rineesalOO; — Lone Marie 105
619 Irrltator 103 619 Siva 103
May Toy 106 .... | Kraut de Beauf.loß
... Hermosa. 108 Michael 108
Stoic 105 Brn.vScbrelber.lCs
468 Moririga 106 1 492 Kosa 100
Second race, one mile, purse.
621 Cabri110...... 1081 6*21 Ransome 103
j 53." Joan ....101 534 Oappy 88
497 Salvaole lit.:, 413 loatailator 106
Third race, purse, tbirteen-Jlxteenths of a mile.
53 Slrx-mons .101 1 (625) David. 11!
.... Ilr.Jacobs 98 531 Installatnx .... S3
441 Wheel of For- j ... Naranja.. S8
tune 99! 261 Zylpn a 104
517 Imp. Ivy 104 t4i4)i'resion 106
516 Tea. Rose.-. 88 532 Ricardo 101
Fourth rae. value $1250, the .McLaughlin
stakes, one mile. . - ' . • j ~ <-•- v--" ; ;
(4-.'s)Chartreuse 11.. 98 (M4)Sallsbnry 11.... 98
(s'.'6)l*aiuien 100 401 Alma. 78
509 Schiller 100!(441)Buctwa.. 100
Fifth race, two miles, purse.
' (53S)Urjltv 1021 633 Foremost 102
608 Collins 107 499 Fred Gardner.. 98
(521)Morte lonae...Ho| 509 Schiller 110
i Sixth race, on .• and a half miles, hurdle, the
i Burlingame handicap, value $1000.
274 Rurmah 163 629 Arundel 125
; 510 JO*: 15 ' : 452 Flashlight 130
i 474 Moiualvo 16. 629 Znra;:osa 138
I 588 arte— us 13-1 5.9 Herman ISO
SELECTIONS IOR TO-DAY.
First race— Xo aelections.
Second race— lust allator, Sal Table and
Cabrillo.
Third race— David, Preston, Wheel of
Fortune.
Fourth race — Buckwa, Damien, Char
treuse 11. - '< -
Fifth race— Schiller, Fred Gardner,
Morte Fonae. .
Sixth race — No selections.
WORDS TO ENDEAVORERS.
Some Information Regarding- Railroad
Facilities to the Great Convention.
John Willis Baer, general secretary of
the United Society of Christian Endeavor,
has just issued through the columns of
the Golden Rule, the official Christian
Endeavor paper, the following statement
of the railroad rates for the convention to
be held in San Francisco next July:
The Western railroad lines Centering in Chi
cago and St. Louis and all other transconti
nental railroads in any way interested in
California business have agreed to sell tickets
to and irom California lor our convention
which is to be held at San Francisco July 7-12
at the following prices:
From Chicago and return $51. from St. Louis
and return $-17 50, from Memphis and return
$47 50, lrora New Orleans and return $47 50,
from Missouri River points (including Colum
bus, Kans.), Fort Worth. Houston and Min
eola, Tex., and return $4ti. from St. Paul and
Minneapolis and return $40.
Tickets will not be sold ior going passage via
the northern lines, their participation in the
business being confined to the return trip.
De'egates are expected to select their own
routes, and tickets will be good via the usual
direct diverse routes.
Tickets will be on sale in the territory tribu
tary to these Western lines on June 22, 23, 29,
30, and July 1, 2, 3, and are "good" going out
: commencing on the day of sale, hut you must
I arrive in San Francisco not later than July 9.
Returning, leaving San Franci'co they will
be "good" not earlier than July 12. and to ar
rive at starting point not later than August
15. •
Going out, "stop-overs" will be allowed at
Denver, Colorado Springs, Pueblo, Cheyenne
and west thereof, including points in the fol
lowing States and Territories: Colorado, Utah,
Nevada, Wyoming, New Mexico, Arizona and
California. - - i • •
Beiurning. stop-overs will be allowed only
on tickets which read via 'North Pacific Coast
points," to be available between Redding, on
the Shasta route, and lianff on the Canadian
Pacific, Havre on the Great Northern. Living
stone on the Northern Pacific, and Shoshone
Fails on the Oregon Short Line. No stop-overs
allowed east of these points.
Stop-over will not be allowed on return trip
at points on "Central" or "Southern" lines.
The railroads east of Chicago, inciudi- g the
railroads in the Southern, Central, Trunk and
New England associations, have not yet taken
any action on rates for the convention, It Is
confidently expected that tney will do so very
soon, and the railroad rate irom any point
east of Chicago or points named above will be
at least "one fare for the round trip."
These arrangements were made by the
"Western" lines upon the sole' condition that
there should be an equitable a ivision of traffic,
as bet ween the lines west of Chicago, St. Louis
and New Orleans.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1897.
DETECTIVE ROCHE GIVES HIS TESTIMONY.
BUTLER BEGINS
TO LOOK WEARY
Corroborative Evidence Is
Tightening the Web
Around Him.
■
Dramatic Blackboard Description
I by Detective John
Rcche.
A Sensational Incident That Fell F at.
Many Australian Depositions
Read.
Senior First-class Detective John Roche
of Sydney, New South Wales, had been on
tho witness-stand about an hour yester
day afternoon in tbe resumption of the
examination of Frank Butler, alias Har
wood, alias Weller, etc., before United
States Commissioner Heacoct, when At
torner Black suddenly assumed a Thespian
posture, and with a sweeping gesture,
which terminated in pointing directly at
the prisoner, and ringing voice, inquired
as though it were a conclusion:
"Then are you prepared to say what this
man's name is? Can you say he is not Lee
Weller?"
The point was well made apparently
from evidence that Roche bad just given.
The crowded courtroom was intensely
silent, awaiting the answer which cer
tainly involved the Blue Mountain mon
ster's identity. v
Roche hesitated. Attorney Cormac
shifted in his chair and began to arise,
when the detective replied:
"I can't say what his name is. but be is
not the Lee Weller whom I knew!"
And it is thus that mo>tof the points
so far made by the. accused's attorney
have tumbled down around the founda
tion that was built for them. The other
testimony brought was substantially the
same a* testified to previously.
The crowd around the Federal building
was much smaller than usual. The pub
lic curiosity in Butler seems to be on the
wane and ready for a new face to gloat on.
The prisoner begins to show the effect
of imprisonment or worry. This was ap
parent yesterday to people who had not
t-een him before. There are a few fine
lines on his face and his eyes look weary
and anxious. It is still very rarely that
lie allows any expression to creep into his
face.
When the case opened Attorney Dono
boe a-ked that the complaint and warrant
in the Arthur Preston case against the
prisoner be read, in order that the pris
oner might be informed. He said that he
intended to take the murder charge up
next. He read tbem himself, going re
peatedly over the names "HarwooJ. alias
Butler, alias S. Burcess, alias Sampson,
alias Bair, alias Lee Weller. Though
these names were emphasized Butler
never winced. : ':•..;?
The court—What Is your true name?
Butler, who had remained standing, as
ordered, during the reading of the official
papers, leaned over and consulted his at
torneys. Then he said :
"Don't believe I'll answer," " he said
quietly.
"You stand mute," said the court.
Butler sat down, and Attorney Cormac
resumed tho read of the depositions
discontinued last Wednesday. The depo
sition of Louis Becbe of Qlenbrook, N. S.
W., told of seeing Weller and anothei
man whom he could not identify going
into the mountains, and the next day saw
Weller come out alone. •
Peter Farreil deposed to finding some
waterproof clothing belonging to Weller
and to recovering it.
. A deposition ot Detective James McHat
tie, dated November 15, was also read, tell
ing of the discovery ol evidence, the iden
tification of Butler, which led up to the
suspicion of him as the murderer, which
has been so often related.
Attorney Block objected to the reading
of the deposition when McHattie was
present. The court overruled this, saying
be could cross-examine McHattie on' the
deposition later.
Robert Payne's deposition was that he
was a waterman at Newcastle and that he
pulled Butler out to the Swauhilda in his
boat. He identified the photograph (ex
hibit F) as tbe man be -had pulled out,
and deposed further, that Butler was very
anxious to receive the vnise, which had
dropped into the water. Weller, as Butler
claimed to be, told him he wanted to go
to San Francisco.
Alfred John Hill's deposition was to the
efftct that he saw Butler in Newcastle
November 19, and that be showed him a
gold bangle. He afterward in the sailors'
boarding-house, when ' he " went into But
ier's room to borrow a razor, again showed
him the gold bangle, a gold watch, a
ladies' ring, a South American silver dol
! lar, a revolver and two boxes of cartridges,
a master's certificate marked Lee Weller
: and a certificate that he had been mate on
j the ship Wooster.
Attorney Block objected to the compe
tency of the depositions on the several
grounds, in brief, that no proper diplo
matic certificate was attached; that Con
sul George W. Bell is not a diplomatic or
consular agent in the province in which
the crime was committed; that the first
paper of the bundle o*-»depositions pur
porting to give a list of the articles found
in Butler's possession is not paged; that
they were not competent under the
statute of 1892 or of the statutes of the
United States; that there was notning to
show that all the papers in the bundle
were included and consequently not suf
ficient identification.
The court called attention to the fact
that the papers were all attached Dy a
string through a hole in the corner, the
ends sealed and seal unbroken. He over
ruled this objection and Attorney Block
took the usual exception.
| Senior First-class Detective John Roche,
who came from Sydney via London and
Washington, D. C, with requisition papers
and arrived here in time to sec Butler ar
rested on the Swanhilda, gava testimony
corroborative of Sergeant Bunner's iden
tifying the many trinkets, papers, books,
etc., found in the valise Butler had when
arrested. He identified Lee Welier's
handwriting* said he was familiar, with
it; that the signatures on the certificates
and in certain books was Weiler's and not
Butlar's. He detailed the hunt in the
| mountains for the bodies of Weller and
I Preston and followed up the clews till
i they fastened on Butler. He handled all
the growsome things in tne valise, and
identified them one by one as belonging
to Weller. Ho swore to a personal ac
quaintance with Captain Lee Weller and
that Butler is not Leo Weller. He testi
fied to his thoroughly identifying Weller
when Weller was dug out of his grave,
partly on account of the black curly beard
on his face.
The cross-examination by** Attorney
Block brought out admissions from Roche
that his identification of a number of arti
cles in the valise was not of his own per
sonal knowledge, but what other persons
told htm; that he had never seen Captain
Weller write or sign his name, but that
he had seen the captain's signature many
limes and seen it sworn to by others. He
swore he was positive he knew Welier's
signature.
Further cross-examination brought out
the fact that a total. reward of £200 had
been offered and already paid in connec
tion with the tracing and identification of
Butler or Harwood and that £100 is still
offered by the Government for his con
viction. ._ .»..,.;.„
In order to strengthen bis familiarity
with the evidence and with the entire
scene of the several murders charged
against the prisoner, a blackboard was
set up in the courtroom and Detective
Roche was requeued to draw on it the
location of tbe many towns mentioned in
the evidence, the railroads, the Bus
Mountains, and mark tne spot where
Weller'a body was found. .
Though not accustomed to drawing geo
graphical maps, Roche took up the chalk
and drew a series of lines and dots, which
showed that he is no stranger in the coun
try from which he came, or with the
mountains, or with the tracks of Butler
and his alleged victims into the moun
tains. All eyes were riveted on the detec
tive as he worked, chalk in hand.
The examination was continued to next
Monday at 2 o'clock, when Attorney
Donohoe also gave notice that the charge
of t!-e murder of Arthur Preston by But
ler would be taken up.*
BUTLER IN A FLASHLIGHT.
His Photojrraph Taken by an Ama
teur at the City Hall.
Bert C. Towne, an amateur photographer
living at 212 Hyde . street, was about the
City Hall yesterday taking pictures of
prominent people. He called upon Lee
Weller, alias Butler, etc., and took him by
flashlight.
BUTLER SINGS.
Ballad Rendered for a Graphophone by
the Accused Murderer.
The Australian murderer last evening
succumbed to tbe inducements of local
grapbophone proprietors and sang a bal
lad entitled "If Mother Were Here" into
one of their machines. The ballad is a
sentimental ditty, which will have pecu
liar sutrgestiveness coming from the lips
of a man supposed to be rapidly an
proaching the gallows.
Preparing to Celebrate.
The Tyrone Fermanagh and Donegal Society
met last evening at the Columbia building
and elected the following officers for the ensu-
Ing year: •
President, John Deveney; vice-president, B.
Gorman; recording secretary, J. Semple;
financial secretary. . P.. Tiuney; treasurer,
Peter O'Brien; sergeant-at-arms, 11. Deveuey.
it was decided to' give a great celebration at
Shell Mound Park Sunday, August 29, 1897.
• The lollowiag resolution wasadopiea: Be
resolved that we, the Tyrone Fermanagh and
Donegal Society, appeal to all Irishmen of this
City to make St. Patrick's day celebration the
greatest event ever held, as tne proceeds will
co toward building a grand Irish hall.
Furthermore, we appeal to all Irish societies
to send delegates to tbe convention.
Three times A3 many herrings are con
sumed as any other kind of fish. ■'
LIVELY BOXING AT
THE PAVILION
Eg an, Re ay, Reno, and
Cathcart Come Out
Victorious.
— i
A Most Successful Conclusion
/ of ibe First M. A. A.
Benefit.
Kennedy . Knocks Mah?r Out in the
Third Round, After a Most
Unequal Contest. .
Woodward's Pavilion was crowded last
evening with those interested in the
manly, art to witness the series of four
round bouts, six in number, carried out as
a benefit to the Manhattan Athletic Club,
in order to raise funds for a change of the
clubrooms to more commodious quarters.
During the event of the evening there
was one knockout, when Joseph Kennedy,
the champion amateur heavyweight of
the Pacific Coast, put Joseph Ma her to
sleep in the third round. The- two men
were very unevenly matched, and it was
the unanimous consensus of opinion that
the fight should not have been permitted
to last lontmr than the first round.
J. J. If. Killeen acted as referee, G. J. V.
Ferris as master of ceremonies, and Phil
Wand and J. Nolan as judges. Time was
kept by Professor Thomas Killeen, Joseph
Hilton and Edward Coleman.
Captain Gillen was on hand with nine
men to preserve order. Four were left at
the gate and five kept inside.
Perfect order was maintained, and the
harmony oi the affair was helped wonder
fully by the presence of a brass band at
"Young" Mitchell's suggestion.
Tne first event was between J. Kenney,
M. A. A., and James'Law'.er, unattached.
Both weighed in at 12& pounds. They
were both inexperiencec* and hopped
around in a comical manner. Honors
were about even and no decision was
given.
The second event was very spirited.
The principals were M. Egan, M. A. A.,
and George Fletcher, 0. A. Both were
supposed to weigh 130 pounds. Fletcher
was clearly outclassed, but fought gamely,
though floored nearly every round. Egan
was given the decision.
The third feature was a act-to between
Charles Cathcart, 0. C, and James Ely,
C. C. Cathcart weighed about 135 pounds
and Ely much more. Cathcart proved
the cleverer man and punched Ely's face
with straight right-hand jabs till it was
almost unrecognizable. Ely went to the
floor in the first round, but was up and
fresh in three seconds.
In the second round Ely started in with
furious rushing, but was floored and con
cluded to lieht at long range. He tried
the same tactics In the third round, but a
series of left-hand face jabs made him
more cautious. Cathcart bad the best of
the battle, though Ely managed to get in
two hard left-hand body blows that must
have hurt in the last round. Cathcart
was given the decision.
Chas. Reno, amateur champion feather
weight of the coast, went up against Rob
ert McCrossen of the Manhattan Athletic
Association in the fourth event and came
pretty nearly meetine his match. Reno
weighed about 125 pounds, but McCrossen
was at least ten pounds lighter. The lat
ter is only 19 years of age, while Reno is a
fighter of wide experience. . •.-• •> \"-'
Reno. had the advantage in the first
round, though McCrossen gave him some
good left-handers in the face and was
heartily cheered.
In the second round Reno rushed his
man to the ropes and delivered some
good body blows. . He was hissed vigor
ously for hilling in a clinch. His youth
ful opponent was dazed, but proved a
good ring general and kept away till his
senses returned.
As the bell rang he uppercnt Reno in
the right eye with his left and cut an
ugly gash, from which the blood flowed
profusely.
Th third round was about even. If
anything Reno had a small advantage,
delivering slightly the most blows, all of
which were light.
Both men were tired in the last round
but kept at their work well. Reno rushed
McCrossen twice and delivered some
heavy blows, but received some hard
right-hand hooks on the body and jaw in
return. One judge decided the bout a
draw and the otner declared in favor of
Reno. The referee awarded the fight to
Reno. : ,..\- ; ;i i •
The fifth event was between Gus Koster,
M. A. A., and Joseph Reay, 0. C. Reay
had the fight all his own way, the men
being evenly matched in weight—
150 pounds. Koster was knocked down in
the first round and had repeatedly to clinch
to avoid punishment. He fought gamely,
though groggy at times, and though hi*
face was the hue of a redskin's he was still
in it at the finish. Reay was given the de
cision.
The last event was one of the kind that
competent judges say does so much to
prejudice the public'against all forms of
boxing. It was between Joseph Maher of
tbe Manhattan Athletic Club and Joseph
Kennedy, the champion amateur heavy- '
weicht of the coast.
Maher was fully ten pounds lighter than
his opponent, and clearly outclassed. He
was sent to earth at the start by a right
band swing on the jaw, but managed to
continue. Kennedy gave him such ter
rific body blows, however, that he was so
sick he could hardly reach his corner at
the sound of the bell. The fight should
have been stopped then.
In the . second round he was downed
twice, was twice on the ropes and again
nearly out. He managed to keep in the
fight.by active running.
In the third round Kennedy punished
him so severely that he took pity and gave
him a chance to rst, then stepped in and
with a right-hand .awing .on the jaw
knocked him down. He weakly rose in
the ten seconds allotted, and was again
sent to earth, this time for good.
TO LIGHT THE HALL
Talk of Establishing a Plant
and So Save Ex
penses.
Tbe Purpose to Find What Expense
Would Fall' Upon the
Municipa'ity.
Supervisor Rottanzi yesterday proposed
to the Finance Committee of the Board of
Supervisors to confer with the Building-*
Committee in reference to the lighting of
the new City Hall. The idea which he
advanced and which received sufficient
sanction from the other members of the
committee to induce them to consent to a
conference with the. Buildings Committee
was that the City Hall should be lighted
by a plant owned by the City and County.
"It costs $2200 per mouth," said Super
visor Rottanzi, "to light the new. City
Hall.. Now I do not believe that any such
expense is necessary. I ' have ;j not figured
it out careiuliy, I will admit, but I am sat
isfied that we can easily get all the in
formation that we desire. We have some
thing of a plant in the boilers, etc., in the
basement. Suppose that we could pro
vide the light needed at an. expense of
$600 per month? It might be necessary
10 put on three extra men to do the work.
There would be other expenses as a mat
ter of course. But suppose that we could
save say $1600 per month, approximately,
for the City and County by providing a
public plant?" -;;:;-
There was no objection to the proposi
tion advanced by Supervisor Rottanzi,
and the conference will take place.
There was some discussion before the
Finance Committee also as to whether
the lighting of the streets last month was
not too expensive. Supervisor Rottanzi
believed that under the resolution of the
board the lamps were lighted one more
night than was requisite/and that this
meant an expense of $1000 to the City
Whether the company had sufficient noti
fication appeared to be an open question,
and no action was taken concerning the
bill for street lighting
But the discussion concerning the two
chairs furnished by Mr. No. an for the
Southern police station at a cost of $27
each was resumed. It was developed that
they ore very luxurious, and very orna
mental; in fact, that there is no furniture
equally as good in the new City Hall.
They are of solid oak, with leatheriining;
they tip without squeaking, and are a
prime article, but are such chairs needed
at the Southern police station? That was
the question, and remained still the ques
tion pfter the Finance Committee had
finished talking the matter over.
Joseph H. Mogan, ex-Fish and Game
Commissioner for the City and County of
San Francisco, sent in his bin for January,
but his case is iv the courts, and the com
mittee found that they had nothing to do
with it. •""' " ■■;'
Waller Bros, were allowed to furnish
the Receiving Hospital with the niuch
ta!ked-of outfit of surgical instruments for
$160 25. This was a reduction in the price
which the City was to pay from $254.
Max Guru pel's bill for '$300 lor services
as a handwriting expert upon the trial of
Becker and Crce»nn~was rejected.' It was
at the rate of $75 per diem lor four days'
service.
PLAYED GOOD HANDBALL
Corbett and James Nealon In
dulge in Their Favorite
Game.
McVey Was Shown the Tcwn by
Some Kindred end Convivial
Sprits.
Champion Corbett spent a busy day
yesterday. The morning was whiled
away in a sprint around town, receiving
friends and congratulations.
Corbett reiterated his statement that he
would defeat Fitzsimmons in short orfler
! as soon as he felt himself to be in first- !
! class condition. Ia fact, he said he felt
j well enough to do it then and there.
Accompanied by his brother Joe and
j George Green the champion went to the i
; Olympic Club at 1 p. m. to engage in , a
j game of handball.
Quarters were too crowded there on ac
• count of the number of admirers present,
! and it was found necessary after a few
i rounds of light boxing to go down to
: Ryan's handball court on Howard street
There Corbett entered into his- favorite.
. game with Jim Nealon. Three brisk
I games were played and in all of them the
| champion came out victorious.
It is conceded by expert judges that if
I Corbett could masterea good underhand
I stroke he would mak one of the crack
I handball players of the country, but -his
j general system is to use an overhand
j •sweep.. Consequently he is unable to mas
ter many of tbe shooting balls that must
j be met by an underhand stroke.
It is also the general supposition that if
| the champion did not "josh" Nealon so
• much nor run his shoulder up against
, Nealon while he tries to take a ball that
the ex- Assess r and retired athlete would
I have an excellent chance of defeating the
; great pugilist. :..•'-.:
Nealon himself good-humorediy asserts
I that if the fighter is up to naif as many
l tricks in the ring as he is in the handball
i cou-t nobody will ever be able to hold a
candle to him. v.; v
In the evening Jim went out to his
parents' home. His trainer, McVey, was
taken in tow by a crowd of sports and
shown the sights of the town.
McVey atiracted attention wherever he
went, as his physique is fully as magnifi
cent as Corbett's.
There will be a big crowd at the Chutes
Sunday afternoon and evening to see Cor
bett box with McVey and others. Mon
day evening the party will start for
Shaws Springs.
An .Entertaining Musical*.
A piano recital, given by Emil Steinejrger
and pupils and assisted by Mrs. Eva Wren and
Frank Coffin, drew a good-sized audience last
night at Goiden Gate Hall. Those who took
part were generously applauded. The audi
ence seemed a discriminating one. The fol
lowing was the programme: "Papillons"
(Schuman), Miss Edith Allen; "La Cascade"
(Paver), Miss Lulu Rued; valse brilliant, op.
34, No. 1 (Chopin), Miss Netta Edwards;
soprano soli— (a) "Allah" (Chndwlck). (6)
"Wood Notes" (Schmidt) Mrs. Eva Wren; (a)
fantasia impromptu (Chopin). (6) "Soiree
de Vienne," No. 6 (Scanner t-Liszt), Miss
Florence Scnroth; ballade, A flat major (Cho
pin), Miss Julia H< ffernan; (a) "Air de Ballet"
(Moskowski), (b) valse, op. 4.5 (Chopin), Miss
Eihel Fleming: "Rondo Capriccioso," op. 14
(Mendelssohn), Miss Heffernan; tenor solo,
••Elaine" (Bern berg), Frank Coffl:i; (a) minuet,
E flat (Beethoven), (6) Toreador, op. 103 (Ru
binstein), (c) Etude, op. 23, No. 2 (Rubinstein),
Emil Steinegger. .
HON. D. J. QUIMBY.
(TIHE HON. D. J. QUIMBY IS NOW
-"■one of the leading business men ol
Portland, and I was interested in him to-
day for nearly two hours. We spoke of
the result of the new bond issue, and we
agreed in looking forward to a good spring
business. "Well," said he, "I'm glad it is
coming. I feel able to cope with any
amonnt of extra work. I am really and
truly a strong man. I was not in good
spirits or health a few months ago, bu>
that was before I used the ; : •.-
GREAT ME REMEDY,
JOTS VEGETABLE SARSAPARILLA.
"To tell you the truth, all of the regular
guests of the Quimby House had spoken to
me so highly of Joy's Vegetable Sarsa-
parilla that I was induced to try it, and the
result is simply marvelous. I am now a
strong and vigorous man. I suffered very
much from biliousness and liver com-
plaint. I can truly indorse Joy's Vegeta-
ble Sarsaparilla."
■-• J>OJi»T TAKE A SUBSTITUTE.
i\'Xs KYTV to-sat:
THESTAR
JAMES H. BARRY, Editor.
Budd's
Scorching Veto.
Spring Valley Methods.
CARFARE AND WAGES.
BAKERIES AND
BAD BREAD.
CONTEMPT OF COURT.
• -V:. '.
SCALPERS AND CHRISTIAN
ENDEAVORERS.
JrJ r^^^^^^,._' KOKmFE! 0U PAIN!
(r_£|P^^J^3r^ No F;l) ' Til1 tured ! : :
f)0 P 3116 L "°- ; free with
, ?S*^f*SSj' l £)l home testimonials of many
\v^WzrKf!*lj£>Xv**^ Wonderful Cures --vo r s t
places-Women's Breasts
/^^^^^^^H%\ and Men's Lip!,, M.D.
#| I S. K. CIUHLET, M.D.
B. Lf V OO0 *' 715> Market St.
Send to Someone with Cancer
_ —
Be Healthful
Be Manly
• , * t **** i,i, * ,i, ****""*** , **"* t ****** t "** m - -■
There is no reason on earth why you should
be otherwise. Relief is offered, and the price-
less blessings of sound health and sturdy
manhood are yours if you will occspt them
from the great specialist,- Doctor Cook, who
guarantees a prompt and perfect cure of
- ._, . ■--,-.-. -.....-.. . - «-.„.. ... ■
Nervousness** Gonorrhoea,'
Emissions, Stricture,
Shrunken Organs, Syphilis,
Impotency, Varicocele,
Lost Manhood, Hydrocele.
Doctor Cook is also an expert on Female
Complaints, Catarrh, Rheumatism, Rupture,
Piles, Blood and Skin Diseases, and diseases of
the Eye. Ear, Nose, Throat, Biain, Heart,
Lungs, Liver, Stomach, Kidneys, Bladder and
Urinary Organs.
(DOCTOR COOK.)
If you cannot call upon the doctor, write to
him your troubles fully, and receive a valu-
able book on Men's Diseases free. Mail treat-
ment always successful. Oflice hours, 9 to 12
A. IC and 2 to 5 and 7 to 8 P.M.; Sunday*
from 10 to 12 A. M. only. Address
DOCTOR COOK,
865 Market Street, San Francisco, Cal.
(Opposite Baldwin- Hotel).
.
Are You 111 ?
Would You Be Well ?
Would You Keep Well
IF SO USE
DR. MARTIN'S
Hi n
OF THE AGE,
Which is without an equal FOR EXTERNA!
AND INTERNAL USE.
A 'CERTAIN -CURE FOR
Rheumatism, Neuralgia, Pains in Gen*.
. eral, Dyspepsia, Dysentery, Cholera
Morbus, Diphtheria, Sore. Throat,
Pneumonia, Diabetes, Nervous Com-
plaints, Disease rnt the Stomach, and
Bowels Generally, ■ Liver and Kidne-f
Complaints, Sciatica, Lumbago, Golds,
Coughs, Local and General Debility,
Headache, Earache, '.Toothache, Sick-
ness in Stomach. Backache, Burns, Swel-
lings. Boils, ! Sores, ' Ulcers, Colic,
Cramps, - Sprains, • Bruises, Scalds,
Wounds, Indigestion, Skin Disease*,
Excessive Itchings and ' many other
I complaints too numerous to name here.
Price: 25c, 50c, $1.00 per Bottle,
L. CALLISCH, Wholesale Agent for th*
Pacific Coast, Ban Jose, Cal.
For. sale by all druggists. The trade supplied
by Redington & Co., Mack & Co. and Lauglef
& Miohaels. San Frer»***«co.
IJKMOTLTY.
/VIIIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
-L SpeclalistcttrejPrivnte.Nervous.Blood and Skin
Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over
-•' years' experience. Send for Book, free. Patients
en red at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours, 9to 3
daily ;6:3o to 8.10 evict Sundays, 10 to 12. Consulta-
tion free and sacredly con Aden tku. Call or address
P. ROSCOE JIeKCLTT, M. D-,
26'-j Kearny Street. Kan Franrl.ro, Cal.
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
IS A POWERFUL APHRODISIAC AND
specific tonic lor the sexual and urinary on-anj
Of Loth sexes, nnd a great, remedy for diseases of
the kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative,
Invigorator and Nervine. Sells on its own Merits; .
. no long-winded testimonials nece sary. . —
. NAIiE-i;. ALES Ss BKIXE, Agents.
323 Market St.. S. P.— (Send for Circular)
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINOTON STS.-RB-
modeled and renovated. KINO. WARD* CO.
! European plan. Rooms 60c to *1 50 per day, $1
I to S8 per week, $8 to *3d per mon-.n: tree Qatlu;
bot and cold water every room: are grates 14
j •very room: elevator run* aUuixa..
NOTARY PUBLIC.
| CHARLES .H. PHILLIPS. ATTORNEY* AT-
\J Law and Notary Public, 638 Market it.* oppo-
site Palace Hotel. Telephone 570. Residence IBM
led street. Telephone "Piaa " 2681.
■ : . • ■....-_- : _ • ■ ■ •
56
. CHARLES M. SHOKTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES Postage Free;
Dally and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier. .SO.IB
Dally arid Sunday Call, one year, by ma 1 1.... 6.00
Dally and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 3.00
Dally and Sunday Call, three months by mall 1.60
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mull.. .66
Sunday Call, one year, by ir.»l! 1.60
\« 11.ILY Call, one year, by mall 1.66
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California..
Telephone Main— lßßl
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay Street.
Telephone Kate— ll74
BRANCH OFFICES:
627 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
6:80 o'clock.
BS9 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 I arkln street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner sixteenth and Mission streets; open
■ mil 9 o'clock.
2618 Miss street-, open until 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth street; open until 9 o'clock.
1305 Folk street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICB:
80b Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Rooms si and 82, 34 Park Row, New Tor* City,
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Raster*. Manager.
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
i :
SATURDAY FKBHIAKY 13, 1897
THE FAKE MD THE FACT.
— THE FAKE—-
The Examiner published for several days at the
top of its title p»ge the following fa c:
THE EXAMINER PUBLISHED
249,757 Inches
Of Ads During; J896.
5964 9 More
Than were published by any
other San Francisco newspaper.
In the publication of this fake the Examiner
was probably not aware that a careful record was
being kepi of tbe actual amount In inch, sof its
rising and tbat In consequence It could be
confronted with the following fact.
THE FACT
THE EXAMINER FUELISHED
236,528 Inches
Of Ads During J 896.
That is one fact and here is an-
other :
THE CALL PUBLISHED
239,551 Inches
Of Ads During J896.
3,023 More
Inches were published in
THE CALL than in the
Examiner during 896.
It Is to.be remembered that during 1898 the
Examiner published approximately 800 inches of
illegal lottery advertisements, of wnlch Tick Call
did not and would not publisn one.
. he monarch of the falters has doubtless suc-
ceeded in securing thousands of Inches of adver-
tising during the past year by dupin ! aud deceiv-
ing advertisers through false and arrogant asser-
tions of the Character of the foregalng fake. It
would seem, however, from the facts tbat the
merchants as a rule have not been misled by lis
fraudulent p-etenses.
The Examiner boasts that Its books are open to
Inspection, but we suggest that it Inspect Its own
hooks befora It venture) unon the publication of
another fake.
We congratulate the public on the fact tbat the
exroaure of this fake led the Examiner to drop It.
In this the Examiner waa discreet, and If It is wise
li will make no more sucb bold attempts to
rlpcetve the public.
Well done, Greece.
This may yet be a war year.
♦
The Turk has struck a sword at last.
What Greece does for Crete we surely
can do for Cuba. ?£■">'s
Don't forget to leave orders to-day for
The Sunday Call.
Prince George "talks Greek," but he
makes the world understand.
Diplomacy will have to move lively to
get there before the Greek fleet.
• It looks as if all the crises of the world
were going to culminate at once.
To put an end to the Cuban war will be
good business as well as humanity.
We are surely to have a monument to
Robert Burns. The Caledonian Club
says so.
It is a very cold debate in the Senate
when Cleveland doesn't get a roast from
somebody.
. Mrs. Stanford's latest gift is not a sur
prise party, but all the same it is amaz
ingly eood.
It is now time for the Kaiser to blow a
war blast on his trumpet and Keep in with
the concert.
LV $ , .
The high altitude of Carson will at
least elevate pugilism a little bit and that
is something.
Bayard will get so many dinners before
he leaves England that he will be able to \
live on suppers the rest of his life.
The collapse of the steel and iron pool
will inevitably lead to a free use of irony
and raillery in the controversy that is to 1
come, but there will be no steel used in
the fight.
»
If the prize-fight in Carson should in
spire the Nevada people with tbe fad of
settling their differences by fists instead
of guns there will be a good chance for
an increase of the population.
Carnegie and Rockefeller are strong,
but they are not strong enough to holdup
the prices of iron and steel rails all by
themselves. Railroad builders are going
to have the benefit of competitive rates on
rails thi" year, and as a consequence we
may expect more lines of road to be built.
Among the industrial-fraternal maga
zines, of the country the llailroad Tele
grapher of Peoria, 111., is recognized as a
standard publication, and Editor Austin
eclipsed bis own high standard in pro
ducing the January number. This *ssne
contains portraits of many men promi
nent in the Order of Railroad Telegraph
ers of North America," and a mass of
literature and good news items for mem*
bers of the organization.
FOR FREE CUBA.
The movement toward making a grand public demonstration in this City in favor
of the independence of Cuba will undoubtedly find popular approval and cordial sup
port. All the great cities in the Union have declared their sympathy with the strug
gling patriots of the Island, and in most of them committees of prominent citizens
have been formed to give active aid as well as words of cheer.
The time is opportune for San Francisco to make its weight and influence felt
toward the accomplishment cf the much-desired object of establishing the independ
ence of the island nnd freeing one more American country from European control.
The Cleveland administration, which has so long obstructed the popular will in
regard to Cuba, will soon go out of office, and a new administration, more vigorous
and more American, will take its place. It will be timely, therefore, for us to unite
our voice with that of our sister cities in urging the incoming President and his Sec
retary of State to take speedy and effective measures to put an end to the wasteful
war in the island and establish the freedom of its people.
The Cuban committees in other cities are composed of some of their most
prominent and influential citizens. They include names which are well known
throughout the length and breadth of the Republic. Their personal characters attest
the worth of the movement and give it dignity and prestige. The committee to be
appointed in this City by Mayor Phelan will be of a similar nature. It will represent
the intelligence, the patriotism and the resolution of the people. It will form a center
around which public sentiment can gather and through which the aid which San
Francisco is willing to give to the Cuban patriots can be effectively rendered.
It is not necessary to recall the situation of the island. Telegraphic reports for
more than a year past bave told day after day the story of burning homes, wasted
plantations and butchered people. Too much of that story of cruelty and blood has
been already told. Enough is known to assure the public mind that the Spanish
forges in Cuba are Incapable of establishing a government or maintaining peace and
are no more than raiders, marauders and buccaneers, pillaging, plundering, wasting,
destroying and slaughtering where they can.
America has shown to Spain as much toleration as humanity can afford. Our
Government has been more than careful not to give help or encouragement to the
Cuban people. It has thrown its weight on the side of Spanish authority and has
checked by the strong hand of law the attempts of the people to give active aid to the
patriots. We are therefore in a position to act now with a force all the stronger be
cause of the restraint which we have put upon ourselves in the past. We have given
Spain a full opportunity to reconquer the island, and she has failed to do so. It is now
time for us to assert the principles of humanity and put an end to the useless destruc
tion of property and criminal effusion of blood.
The movement to be made in this City will not be Isolated action. It is intended
to co-operate with Cuban committees in other cities of the Union and to add to their
strength, which is already so great and been so repeatedly manifest. What we do
therefore will not be ineffective. It will be co-operation with forces which have
already accomplished much, and will be only another evidence of the fact that the
whole American people have reached the point where they are no longer content with
simply expressing sympathy with Cuba, but are desirous of giving genuine aid. It
will help to determine Congress and the incoming administration to act promptly in
putting an end to the war, and to that extent will be an important service to Cuba to
America and to humanity.
GREECE AND CEETE.
The announcemen. made yesterday that
the Greek Government has formally noti
fied the powers that Greece will not re
main a passive spectator of the events
which are taking place in Crete, but will
intervene to protect Cretans from Turkish
massacres, will be received with approval
even by those people who are most averse
to war.
The decision of Greece is in full accord
with the dictates of humanity as well as
with the promptings of courage and gen
erosity. The Cretans are of the same race
and religion as the Greeks, and to go to
their assistance will be on the part of the
Grecian Government no more than would
be the action of a brother helping a
brother. The determination of the Greeks
is, moreover, fully justified by the circum
stances. They h»ve waited a long time
for the great powers to compel the Turk
ish Government to give just protection to
its citizens of the Christian faith, and as
tbe powers have not taken any resolute
step in that direction, Greece has a ri^ht
to interfere on behalf of the Greeks in
Crete and save them at least from robbery
and death.
A curious personal complication is in
volved in the departure of Prince Geoige
ot Greece with a fleet to the Cretan coast.
It is well known that Prince George saved
the life of the present Czar of Russia from
an assassin in Japan while the two, as
young men, were making a voyage round
the world. The Czar can hardly fail to
recognize the claims which Prince George
has upon him as a friend, and since the
Czar has more power over Turkey than
anybody else, it is possible that this reso
lute action on the part of Prince George
may lead hint to be equally resolute in
forcing the Turk to submission to the
terms which were agreed upon by the
great powers.
However the crisis may terminate, there
can be no question that the sympathies of
the civilized world will be with the
Greeks. The diplomacy of Europe has
been so futile of results as to be almost
farcical. For years the world has waited
to see what the Christian nations would
do to put a stop to Moslem atrocities on
the Christian subjects of the Ottoman
empire, and the waiting has been in vain.
Absolutely nothing has been done. The
dispatch of the Grecian warships to the
island of Crete is the first step which has
been taken to give cheer and encourage
ment to those who hope for a speedy set
tlement of the intolerable evils of Turk
ish rule. _ It raises once more the hope
that the cause of humanity will find a
champion able as well as willing to meet
wrong, despotism and cruelty and over
throw them.
THE BUENS MONUMENT.
It is fairly certain we are to have a
monument in this City to Robert Burns.
The meeting of the committee of the
Caledonian Club on Thursday evening re
sulted in showing subscriptions for the
monument already amounting to more
than $1800. With this much for a start
and Scottish enthusiasm and persistence
to push the measure, which has already
received public approval, there can hardly
be any doubt of a speedy accomplishment
of the desired result.
At trie meeting of the committee Chief
McNeill explained that the Caledonian
Club bad agreed to defray the current ex
penses of the committee until the annual
gathering and games in May. The re
ceipts from these games this year and for
each year until the amount needed for
the monument is obtained will be de
voted to that object. It was announced
that St. Andrew's Society will give in the
near future an entertainment on a large
scale for the purpose of raising money for
the fund, and later on there will be held
a grand Burns festival for the same pur
pose.
These and other plans which were dis
cussed give promise that the money f r
the monument will be speedily forthcom
ing. We need hardly say that the people
of San Francisco will not leave it alto
gether to the. Scotch to raise the funds
needed. Robert Burns is as truly loved
and appreciated in the homes of Ameri
cans as in the homes of his own country
men, and the monument which is to
stand for him in this City will represent
not merely the love of Scotchmen for
their great poet but tne admiration in
which his genius and his worth are held
by all our people, gathered as they are
from the four quarters of the world.
; At Hopkins Hall and Stanford House
our two universities will be so close to
gether in this City that it will be impos
sible for any but a friendly rivalry to get
between them. . In fact, .there will be
good reason why they should co-operate
in many things and work together as one
team. *.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1897.
STANFORD'S CITY HOME.
The announcement yesterday that Mrs.
Stanford had by deed of gift conveyed
her mansion on California-street hill to
Stanford University was in no measure a
surprise. It has lone been known that the
building was destined for that purpose
before the death of Senator Stanford. The
deed of eift therefore is notable only as
marking the date of the transfer. As Mrs.
Stanford herself said, "I am merely carry
ing out tne intentions of my beloved hus
band, and dome what he would have done
had I been first called hence to the life
eternal."
As the gift itself was not unexpected
the chief interest in tha occasion lies in
the address with which the gracious donor
accompanied it. Beinu the first gift direct
from her hands to the students of Stan
ford University it was natural that she
should speak with some fullness of the
work of the university and the aims she
nnd Senator Stanford had in founding it.
What she said forms a document which
will not only be a precious record for he
university at Palo Alto, but may be read
with advantage and edification by all who
are interested in the training and de
velopment of the human mind.
Passing by those portions of the address
which deal with the conduct and manage
ment of the university and are therefore
matters of business rather than of edu
cation, the salient points are the earnest
words spoken for instruction in matters
of religion and economy. These subjects
are the fundamentals of every life -and
there can be no full development of the
soul or the intellect unless due attention
is paid to them.
Referring to an impression which "ex
ists in the minds of many that tbe stu
dents of the university are not directly
taught to reverence God and his wonder
ful works," Mrs. Stanford said it is her
desire that this vital principle be not lost
sight of, and declared an intention as soon
as financial conditions warrant to estab
lish a professorship of Bible history "to
be filled by some one who will teach it
without pr judlce."
Not less earnest were the words spoken
of the value of training in the principles
and practices of economy. "During the
past three and a half years," said Mrs.
Stanford, "the importance of economy has
impressed itself forcibly upon me, and I
wish it to be taught to all the students of
the university." In this connection she
naturally noted the desire of Senator Stan
ford to make the university a place for
training the hand as well as the mind in
order that all students might be better
fitted for the work of the world, and
spoke earnestly in favor of promoting
the mechanical department of the Insti
tution and developing it to the fullest ex
tent possible.
The richness of the gift and the noble
and earnest words which accompanied . it
make this formal transfer of the stately
mansion a notable event in the history of
the City. Leland Stanford Jr. Univer
sity has now a home in San Francisco. It
has its affiliated college as well as the
State University. It will have an abiding
place in the metropolis from which to
send forth its influence- directly upon our
civic life. To this extent the people of the
City are sharers in the gift which has
been made, and we have abundant rea
sons to congratulate ourselves upon it.
PERSONAL GOVERNMENT.
The debate in the Senate on the diplo
matic and consular appropriation bill on
Thursday brought out the extraordinary
fact that Cleveland has not yet given to
the Senate official information of the ex
istence of the Greater Republic of Central
America and the presence in Washington
of a Minister representing the Govern
ment of that country. This fact calls for
more comment than it received in the
Senate, since it shows to what extent Mr.
Cleveland and his Secretary of State have
carried their theory that the Executive
Department of the Government has exclu
sive control in dealing with foreign affairs.
By reason of Mr. Cleveland's neglect to
inform the Senate of the organization of
the new Government the Committee on
Foreign Affairs found itself confronted by
a serious difficulty in devising the diplo
matic appropriation bill. It has been the
custom for such bills to carry an item of
$10,000 for a Minister Plenipotentiary to
the states of Nicaragua, Costa Rica and
Salvador. Two of these states, however,
have now combined with Honduras to
form the Greater Republic and have sent
a Minister to Washington representing
the united republic and have recalled
their own. Having no official Informa
tion as to this change,' the Senators were
in doubt how to provide appropriations
for our foreign service in those countries.
The neglect of the President to furnish
the required information was not made the
subject of much debate. Senator Morgan
and Senator Hale were the only speakers
who referred to it,. and tt ey contented
themselves with a simple statement of she
case. It is probable that the Senate felt
that nothing in the situation called for
any new condemnation of Mr. Cleveland's
course. His repeated attempts to usurp
the powers of the Senate have been so fre
quently condemned and denounced that
this latest effort on his part hardly fur
nished them with either new arguments or
new invectives. As a matter 01 lact, Mr.
Cleveland seems to have fatigued indigna
tion. He has gone so far in conducting
his administration as if it were a purely
personal government that the Senators
have grown weary of criticism and are
now waiting with patience for the end of
bis term.
The difficulty involved in the appropria
tion bill was avoided by including in the
bill the former appropriation for a Minis
ter to the states of Nicaragua, Costa Rica
and Salvador, and it was left to tbe State
Department to arrange the difficulty in
any way it chose. The whole incident
shows clearly the abnormal egotism of
Cleveland and the degree to which be
evades his responsibilities to Congress.
Certainly no other President in our history
would ever have attempted such a course,
and it is to be hoped we will never have
another to imitate the example.
PbriSuNAL
C. M. Wheeler of Eureka is in town.
C. D. Stocum of Boston is in the City.' -
F. B. Kington of Palermo is in the City.
J. D. Sprout of Chico arrived here last night.
W. S. Davis of Auburn, N. V., has arrived
here.
F. C. Lusk, the attorney of Chico, is at the
Palace.
J. O. Carlisle, an attorney of Oroville, is at
the Lck.
Judson Bent, a capitalist of Sen Diego, is in
the City.
W. J. Burnesof Portland is here on a busi
ness trip.* \ '■
O-wald Becker of Oroville is here on a busi
ness trip.
Senator S. Summerfleld of Reno, Nev., is at
the Grand.
S. T. Ames of New York is at the Cosmopoli
tan Hotel.
W. B. Humbetof Ashland, Or., arrived here
yesterday.
W. J. Taylor of Los Angeles is a late arrival
in the City.
A. B. Jackson, the banker of Salinas, is at
the Grand.
R. S. Stebbins of Eureka is a recent arrival j
at the Russ.
A. T. Whitney and Mrs. Whitney of Boston
are in town.
R. P. Lathrop of Hollister is a recent arrival |
at the Grand.
F. G. Henry, a business man of Cleveland, Is
at the Pa ace.
J. C. Roeers and wife of Benicia are at the
Cosmopolitan Hotel.
Rod D. Leggett and Mrs. Leggett of Butte,
Mont., are at the Palace.
M. Romeo, a business man of Seattle, Wash.,
is at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
A. Moncure came down from Palermo yes
terday and Is at the Occidental.
Hugh D. Bowker of Uolyoke, Mass., was
among yesterday's arrivals here.
R. T. Reynolds, a prominent citizen of Chi
cago, is at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
Colonel H. I. Kowalsky is recovering irom
his recent severe attack of sickness.
George T. Mills, the railroad man of Carson,
is a visitor. He is at the Occidental.
H. Grimm and wife of Sacramento have
taken apartments ot the Cosmopolitan.
J. A. Merz, a prominent business man of
Atitioch, is staying at the Cosmopolitan.
Ex-Chairman A. T. Whiting of the Police
Commission of Boston is among the arrivals
at the Occidental.
A. G. Campbell of Fortnna, who Is interested
in mining and other things In Alaska, Is one
1 of he arrivals here.
Mrs. E. J. Chamberlain of Eureka, who is
known in connection with advanced work of
different kinds for women, is in town.
William N. Russ, a pioneer of Humboldt
County and owner of a large area ol grazing
lauds and a great many cattle, Is at the Lick.
George R. Steuart, a business man of Crow's
Landing, who has been away for several
months, returned here yesterday, and is at
the Grand.
P. D. Mauley, a capitalist of Dunmorc, Pa.,
is on a visit to the City for his health and is
accompanied by his wife. They are registered
at the Cosmopolitan.
L. A. Mowraustern, manager of the Baldwin
and California theaters, who has been ill with
pneumonia for ten days, is again able to ap
pear at his post of duty.
R. A. Eddy, the general store, timber, mill
and railroad owner of Montana and ' regon, is
at the Palace, after an absence of many
months. He is one of the owners of the Ore
gon Pacific road, and is now building a line
Irom Portland to Astoria.
John P. Wilson, dramatic author, song
writer and librettist, left for Los Angeles last
evening to accept an engagement with the
Fanny Bice Company. Mr. Wilson's work is
well known in this City, and he will probably
prove a valuable addition to Miss Rice's com
pany. "
HIS ON LRAWuACK.
He has money by the bushel,
He has servants b ; the score;
He has a splendid coat of arms
Upon his carriage door.
His « lie wears costly Jewels,
His daughters are i he rage.
And his son will have a million
On the day he comes of age.
He shines at social functions.
He leads in everything.
And he's known in common parlance
As a modern money king.
A bushel box would hardly
Hold this magnate's monthly rents,
But, on entering the oflice,
He says; "Good morning, gents."
—Cleveland Leader.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
"I brought this bill back without presenting
it," said the collector for the gas company.
"What's the matter?" asked the president.
"Why, it's no larger than last month's, and
yet I find that they have put up a scarlet fever
sign on the door."
"Wise man," commented the president.
"That's pretty good evidence that they're
burning gas all night. Increase the bill 50
per cent."— Chicago News.
She— Misses Brown usually sing duets,
do they not ?
He— Yes, they divide the responsibility.—
Puck.
She— And did your friend take the doctor's
advice ?
He— Certainly.
She— did he pay for it ?
He— Well, I should rather say he did 1 He's
dead.— Y'onkers Statesman.
"He seems to take after his father," said the
visitor.
"I don't when they is apple dumplings,"
volunteered the little boy. "He don't leave
none to take.' "—lndianapolis Journal.
Lin C. Doyle— l hear that Spacer has lost his
job on the Daily Tattler?
Wheaton Righ— Yes, he wrote up a scandal
and forgot to say that it implicated some peo
ple high in society.— Omaha World.
"Young man," said the minister solemnly,
"why do you postpone your reformation?"
"Oh, it's never too late to mend," replied
the youth.— New York World.
There is one thing that I particularly
like about our minister.
She— is that?
He— His practice of frequently exchanging
pulpits.— Puck.
Freddy— What is an egotist, papa?
Papa— An egotist,' my son, is a man who
reads a . dialect story out loud.— New -York
Commercial Advertises.
ARE YOU INTERESTED IN MANLY SPORTS?
Now that the athletic season has opened and all lovers of sport are on the gui vive, as it
were, looking lorward to the spring events on the wheel and In the gymnasium, and when
many an aspirant for honors is making preparation to enter the field to win enduring fame as
sprinter or cyclist or in some other department of outdoor exercises; while the veteran "hero
of many a well-loughten Held" looks calmly forward to the garnering of still further bays and
laurels, information touching on the relative positions of professional and amateur and the
conditions which go to make up tne difference
between them is extremely pertinent and
timely. ) ' .. . ! : l*f>;V
George D. Baird, whose exhaustive and in
structive articles on the subject of athletics
are familiar to a wide circle of readers, has
written a most interesting article on the sub
ject in question, which it will be your priv
ilege to enjoy in The Sunday Call.
You will also have an opportunity to learn
all about the remarkable wrecking invention,
which will probably revolutionize tho present
I will also have opportunity to learn
ut tbe remarkable wrecking invention,
will probably revolutionize the present
of raising sunken ships,
Are ron interested in the speculation as to
the inhabitants of Mars and the most recently
discovered inequalities on the surface of the
moon?
An Indian sketch, and a life story, full of thr
West, will be read with eager interest by all.
ion should not wait til to-morrow, but send In your order to-day, and be sure that you
will not be deprived of a rare treat that awaits you in The Sunday Call.
AROUND THE CORRILORS
"Few men in the United States understand
the wonderful talent of the two Taylor broth
ers of Tennessee, who ran against each other
for Governor there some time ago," said Dr.
John S. Cottrell of the Tennessee Medical Col
lege, Knoxville, at the Grand Hotel yesterday.
"I have known the Taylor brothers for a
number of years, and am an intimate friend of
Governor George L. Taylor. He is now serv
ing his third term. He is known as the white
rose man, for the reason that when he was
pitted against his brother as a political nomi
nee for Governor it was known as a mark of
distinction.
"He was a Democrat, and his brother. Al
Taylor, was a Republican and wore a red rose.
Robert Taylor was ejected the first time by
about 20,000 majority. In the recent cam
paign he got, if I remember right, out 8500
majority. The par.y was cut up. The gold
bue Democrats voted straight with the Repub
licans.
"Bob ana Al Taylor in their lectures and
DR. JOHN S. COTTRELL of Knoxville on the Marvelous Career of the Author of
"The Fiddle and the Bow."
{Sketched from life by a "Cali" artist.]
violin-playing trips over the South and East
wore the white and red roses, as they did in
tne first campaign. Both play the violin; Bob
left-handed, and he is a perfect mimic. I
never saw a man with so much personal mag
netism as the Governor. Why, if he simply
looks at you he makes a friend of you for life,
he does it in such a kindly, open way. Al is a
very smart man, too, but he has not got the
personal magnetism of the Governor.
"Bob has three lectures, one called 'The
Fiddler and the Bow', another the 'Paradise
of Fools' and another which, he and his
brother give together that is called 'Yankee
Doodle and Dixie.' Al takes . the part of
•Yankee Doodle,' and talks about fifty
minutes. The audience by that time is a little
tired. Then Bob comes on, and from that
time on there is nothing but fun and frolic,
laughter and tears. Nobody wants him to
stop.
"When Bob ran for Governor the first time I
sold my horse, saddle and Dridle, everything I
had in the world, and went and gave him half
the money. He was poor and had no money.
He is the kind of a man that never keeps any
thing. Anybody can get his money, ne's so
kind to everybody.
"When he got out from his office he must
have owed $15,000 more than he received. A
Governor there only gets $4000 a year. He had
started in lecturing and made this all up and
$15,000 to $20,000 besides. I advised him not
to run again, but he had been harshly criti
cized—yes, as bitterly as yon criticize your
Governor here in California— and he thought
mat by taking the office again he could sort of
round out his career and do a lot of . good. He
is a wonderful man."
GRANT AND TriE LIVIL SERVICE.
Pittsburg Dispatch.
It Is related that Pres dent Grant once Ig
nored the recommendation of a civil service
board and appointed an old army colonel, who
had been rejected because he could not
answer some of the questions asked him on
examination. "1 guess I might as well go
home." said the old soldier. "They asked me
a lot of questions about the internal calculus,
the location of some rivers down in South
America, the height of mountain ranges in
Asia, etc. In fact there was only-one ques
tion asked that I attempted to answer." H
A friend said he would see the President.
Then The Sunday Call will advise you as to
how soon you may hope to acquire accurate
knowledge of these things.
Be sure and read therein about the "Great
Eye of Science" and the new relations of pho
tography and astronomy.
Have you a windmill and the desire to put
it to a multitude of uses?
The Call will give you the necessary infor
mation to-morrow.
It will also contain a most Interesting article
on the latest fad of society, which will be of
pleasing interest to dames and demoiselles
alike. ' .::.-<■ . .-.. /:\„:;
The newest fancies of fashions will be des
canted on by Marsella.
The literary page will be as full of whole
some lore and sound literary guidance as
usual.
The Children's Realm will be more delight
ful than ever, as it will contain features of a
delightful, timely nature.
The editorials will be as able and trenchant
as ever.
There will be telegraph news complete and
accurate from all parte ot the globe.
In fact, The Sunday Call will bear the stamp
of superior excellence, refinement and worth.
Its stories will be just the thing for whiling
away a holiday leisure hour,
i.ling events, of a pioneer woman of the Golden
"I know this man," said General Grant, "He
was a splendid soldier, and is fit for anything.
He led the charge that broke the enemy's line
at Chancellors ville, and performed many other
and meritorious acts."
"But I understand," raid the friend, ''that
he didn't pass the civil service examination."
"No," replied the President; "be answered
only one question, but it is on that I have de
cided to give aim the appointment. The ex
aminers asked, 'How many Hessians did
Great Britain employ and send over to help
subdue the American colonists?' Answer — 'A
sight more than ever went back.' "
THE EDITORS OFFICE BOY.
When John C. Reid was managing editor of
the Times he had an office-boy whose nerve
and cheek were colossal, says the New York
Press. Greatness never embarrassed him, for
he was no respecter of persons. One day he
entertained in the reception-room a waiting
visitor whose patronizing way nettled him.
All kinds of questions concerning his life and
occupation were fired at him and finally he
was asked how much he earned a week. His
reply was, "Fifty dollars," which caused the
Interrogator to whistle. At that moment the
visitor was summoned by Reid, to whom he
related his experience with an office-boy who
said he made $50 a week.
i Reid rang bell ; enter boy.
"Did you tell this gentleman you made $50
a week here?"
"J did not tell him any such thing."
"What?" exclaimed the gentleman. "You
mean to say you didn't tell me a moment or
two ago that you made $50 a week?"
"Never said any such tning."
"Why. you little liar! You—"
Reid' "'*- did you tell the gentleman !" put in
Keid. r
"I told him 1 earned $50 a week, but you
pay me only $3."
The Visitor ? s so excited that he forgot his
businoss w th the managing editor. When he
had taken leave of the office raised the
boy's salary to $6.
PARAGRAPHS AbOUT PEOPLE
Rudyard Kipling is a nephew of Mr. Poyn
ter, the new president of the British Royal
Academy.
A Fiji Islander named Knaf Sevorg is em
ployed as a passenger brakeman by the Rio
Grande Western Railroad.
Robert Collyer, the octogenarian Unitarian
preacher of New York, has practically retired
from active ministerial duties. :
An English farmer, who said he never read
the newspapers, was fined in Lincoln for fail
ing to report an infectious disease among his
sheep. ■■..<*
A French Canadian couple, Louis Darwin
and his wife, now living in St. Paul, recently
celebrated the eightieth anniversary of their
marriage. The husband is 107 years of age
and his wife is 101.
Captain Jonathan B. Norton of East Lee,
Mass., enjoys the distinction of being the
oldest voter in the United States. When he
voted for McKinley November 3, he was 100
years, 3 months and 3 days old. He
has lived under every President.
. Whistler, the painter, was once a cadet at
West Point. His old drawing instructor, now
a well-known artist, was asked not long ago
If he could recall tho ability of his pupils,
the cadets, and particularly if ne remembered
Whistler. . "Whistler," said he, "at once
showed his predilection for art.,. He had to be
a painter. Mr. Grant— General Grant— why,
sir, he was the very poorest draughtsman in
the class." "•" r4 -< - - . ' ; • . ■••»-
Rev. Miles Grant, of Boston, thinks he has
solved the problem of living. He is a strict
vegetarian, and never uses meat, pies, cakesw
tea, coffee, sugar, salt or spices.." His daily *°°flr
Is unleavened graham bread, vegetable!*;
cheese and milk, and he says that he lives
well at a cost of 87 cents a week, the result
being that he is healthy and strong.
In 1869 a R3V. Dr. Crane wrote a tract on
popular Amusements, in which he' said that
"novel-reading has become the vice of the
age," and warned his reader* and listeners
against so evil a habit, so* soul-destroying a
recreation, as novel-reading. His son is
Stephen Crane, who has lately been making
considerable reputation as a writer of novels.
Letters From the People.
MUNICIPAL PAWNSHOPS.
How Paris Protects Her Poor, Irom Ex.
tortion.
To the Editor of the San Francisco Call—
Paris may be the "gay and wicked city" of
the newspapers and the novelists, the mistress
of fashions and all that— may in a word, do
things openly and with a simple abandon
which other cities do on the sly and with a
sham affectation of virtues they do not pos
sess—but she leads the world in municipal no.
manity and civic virtue, as I have plainly in*
dicated in a former letter. In continuation
of the subject I propose now to give a brief ac
count of her municipal loan system, made up
from an authority of unimpeachable accuracy
and fullness of detail, to which I have fre
quently reierred with growing satisfaction—
Albert Shaw's review of "Municipal Govern
ment In Continental Europe."
In order to acquaint the reader with the
clear and vigorous style of Mr. Shaw's book
and at the same time to state the facts of the
case perspicuously and historically, I shall use
the words of the author so far as mv spine
will permit. I begin with page 112: "No de
partment of the municipal administration has
entered more thoroughly into the customs and .
the life of the common people of Pans than 1
the Mont de Piete, or public pawnshop. It if.-'
a venerable institution, for it was first estab
lished in 1777. But it has bo adapted its
methods to changing conditions that no one
would think of considering it obsolescent or
antiquated. On the contrary, it was never so
strong or vital as in these last years of tho
nineteenth century. The services ii renders
the great Parisian community are exceeding
ly creditable to the humane instincts and
sound business sense that have made modern
French administration superior in its con
servation of the popular wealth."
I cannot forbear a word or two on the
"sound business sense" of this unique method
of saving the little properties of the less suc
cessful people from the clutches of those who
prey upon the misfortunes of the unfortunate,
and whom we in San Francisco unheedingly
leave to the vulture mercy of our pawn
brokers without a thought that it is one of the
worst forms of civil unthrift in modern
society. But Mr. Shaw continues : "The public
pawnshop or loan department was established
to protect the people from the usurers. Private
pawnbroking was obviously a public evil, an
aggravation of poverty, and too often an ally
of all sorts of crime against property. At the
outset the new venture was placed under the
auspices and control of the hospital and
charity administration, but is now a munici
pal Institution. Its plan from the first has
been to receive interest-bearing time-deposits,
much like a savings bank, and to use the
money thus obtained to loan upon chattels.
Its object lias not been to earn net revenues,
although it has always allowed a safe margin
of profit and has thus accumulated ample
reserve funds, besides providing itself with
suitable buildings and appliances.
"Besides a great centra, establishment and
three large auxiliaries, the Mont de Piete
possesses twenty branches in different parts
of Paris for the convenience ot the people of
the various quarters. The number of articles
upon which loans were made for the year 1892
was 2.276.149, and the amount loaned was
60,765,917 Irancs, or $ 12,153, 188, an average
o. 25 Irancs or $5 to every man, woman and
cnild of Paris. Borrowers "have to pay 6 per
cent per annum interest, with a fixed charge
of 1 per cent to cover insurance upon the
articles pledged and certain other expenses.
All the money reqnired is secured at 3J^ per
cent paid upon yearly deposits, and 2} a and
and even 2 per cent upon deposits for snorter
periods.
"Loans are made of so Email a sum as 8
francs, or 60 cents, but on all sums less than
22 francs loans are made at a loss to the city," k
even thoueh they are outstanding for years, I
Loans of 85 francs are profitable even if male 1
for one month. The average of all loans is "
from 25 to 30 franc: - hence the great majority
being much below 20 francs are made at a loss
to the municipality and therefore are a boon
to the poor. Formerly there was a limit to the
amount loaned to one individual, but it Is now
removed, experience showing that the institu
tion is able to meet all demands for loans, and
the increase of large loans makes it easy to
favor small borrowers. This removal of the
limit has greatly increa-ed the usefulness of
the institution to merchants and business
men." :'."»•''■-./..■• .
Public loans In France, unlike our public
loans, are issued in bonds of small denomina
tions, and the savings of employes, artisans,
small dealers and thrifty servants are usually
invested In these Government or municipal
b nds, many owning one bond each for 400 or
500 francs. This city pawnshop or loan Insti
tution will loan money on these bonds.
"Let us suppose," says Mr. Shaw, "that
Jacques owns one share of Paris municipal
stock-, worth 100 francs, and has 300 francs in
the Municipal Savings Bank when a desirable
new loan is offered. He deposits his share of
stock with the municipal pawn. or loan bu
reau, gets 100 francs on It, withdraws his 300
francs from the savings bank and then buys a
new 400-franc bond. As soon as he can save 100
francs ne redeems his pledged share of stock,
and it has cost him only half a franc a month."
In this way also any one can obtain money in
an emergency on any property he may pos
sess from the public loan bureau and pay it at
his own convenience.
Reference has been made incidentally to the
Municipal Savings Bank, which sbould'be con
sidered in this. connection, as well as the Na
tional Postal Savings Bank, but my letter has
reached its limit and I must leave that topic
for another time, and such comments as seem
needful on the Parisian system of aiding, pro
tecting and elevating the thrifty and deserv
ing poor of the City.
" Joseph, Asbuky Johnson.
11 Essex street, February 11, 1897.
Valentines. Something new. Elegant, fire
etched Valentine boxes of California glace
fruit, 50c, at Townsend's, Palace Hotel bldg. *
Special inlormation dally to manufacturer**,
business houses and public men by the Pros*
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. *
The Heavy Lady— lt is strange that we
always think of wings as attached to the an
gels, isn't it?
The Soubrette— Oh, I don't know. v. A
always think of angels as being attached toy
the wings, you know.— New York Psess.
"Brown's Bronchial are unrivaled
for relieving Coughs, Hoarseness and all Throat
Troubles. Sold only in boxes. i
Every house where there are young children
should be supplied with Ayer"s Cherry Pectoral.
In croup It gives immediate relief. r?:>- J
"I wonder what got Bluebeard starting to
cutting off his wives* heads?" .-.''..
"Very likely the idea occurred to him while
he was at the theater behind a big hat."—ln
dianapolis Journal.
' NEW TO-DAY. v : '^
I Ct?*'.£iil-3 > -»»3
POWDER
-Absolutely Pure.
Celebr-ited for it ureal leavei.ine streneth and
healthful ness. Assures the toixl attain*.* alum » nd
all forms of aduUarat.on- common to ihe cheap
brands.
ttOYAi.BAKiif»Pow»itß Co.. NewjroUi.Wht m . -^ <ZfaU
SATCi.DAY ...FKBRUAKY 13,1397
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin* Thkater -"Spariacm."
California 1 heater.— Mile. Antoinette Tre.
. belli, tills afternoon.
Columbia Tiikatkb— "Chlmmle Fadden.
Mobosco ■ (.M-EBA-HorsK. - A Mile a Minute."
Alcazar Thkater 'lne Professor.
liv.ii Opera House.— -Aladdin; or, The
Wonderful .Lamp
Obphei-m.- High-Class Vaudeville.
.* Baths— Bathing and 1 erformances.
The Uatrru and Skating Kink— Dally at
.Jiaifc-hi street, one block east of the Parle
lakla.ni> Back Track.— Races to-day.
ALCUON ALLS.
By J. C. MriHKB- This day. February 13, Fur
niture, at 1765 Ellas street, at 11 o'clock.
1' >bank \V. ±»FTTKKHKi.r>— dar. Feb
ruary 1 3, Groceries, at corner Fifteenth and Capp
bis., at 11 o'clock.
By Indiana ArcrioN Co.-Monday. February
15 Dissolution Sale, at 1057 Market st.. at 11
o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
The gun clubs are getting ready or trap
shooting events.
The funeral of Henry H. Shaw, the druggist,
was held yesterday.
.'• The Velodrome will have a Dig meet on
Washington's birthday.
An Italian at Ocean View shot his neighbor's
cow ss a matter vi revenge.
To-morrow will see the duck and quail
shooting season commenced.
The letter-carriers have formed a glee club
and propose to outsiug the police.
Increasing cloudiness with probable showers
.' is the weather prediction for to-day.
. There have been reported 4SI cases of
• measles to the Board of Health this month.
The Iroquois Club last night announced its
' annual banquet to take place on the 22d inst.
It is rumored that the rate to Carson and re
turn will be $10 40 at me time of the big light.
Arthur Jackson has been sentenced to eight
years in State prison for the killing of August
" Florentine.
' Mullin & Phillips' saloon, Powell and Union
streets, was entered by burglars early y ester*
• • day morning.
. Tho new Westminster Presbyterian church
on Page and Webster streets Is almost ready
•for occupancy.
Kong Bou, a Chinese cook, hanged himself
ma little room in the rear 01 21 Sullivan al
ley last evening.
Corbett played handball with Jim Nealon
yesterday ana beat the ex-Assessor the three
games he played.
Nicholas Brennan has secured another post
ponement of the trial of the three ieiony
charge* ugamsi him.
McVey, Corbett's trainer, was taken around
town to see the sights last night. There was
not much he did not see.
Nebula, Soniro, Unity, Good Times, Califor
nia and Miss Maggie M were the winners at
Oakland track yesterday.
The steamer Golden Gate will be launched at
Seattle to-day. She is for the customs service
■and will be stationed here.
The De la Montanya family of this City has
inherited the valuable and historic property
of Hampton Court, England.
E. J. Maher, a painter, was precipitated from
a broken scaffolding yesterday and suffered
injuries from which he died.
Baseball will be played at Central Park, the
Presidio and Sixteenth and Folsom streets to
morrow, weather permitting.
N. A. Nelson, who for thirty years has been
freight clerk for the SdU«alito ferry, dropped
dead last night while at work.
Ashe, the Australian murderer, last night
sang tor a graphaphone a sentimental ballad
entitled "If Mother Were Here."
The street railroad companies have expressed
. opposition to the legislative bill that proposes
to cut streetcar fares to 2,* a cents.
It is now considered probable that the free
employment department of the State Labor
Bureau may have to be abandoned.
The Army and Navy Republican League of
Oakland has passed resolutions extending
' sympathy to the Cuban belligerents.
William Schmitz has sued Richard I. Whelaa
.and Kohler & Chase for $1550, said to be due
on account oi & recent deal in pianos.
Suit has been brought by Wel s, Fargo Co.
against J. C. Hawley for $22,071 on ac
count of a judgment rendered in 1889.
Mrs. Dimond, who is now engaged in a di
vorce suit in Hawaii, has been engaged to
'appear in "All Baba" in this City shortly.
• Starter Ferguson's "recall flag is not work
ing so successfully as was expected. Jockeys
are no longer afraid of being left at the post.
Manager Matt Smith of the "Prodigal
• Father" Company and Actor Nat Wills of the
■ s-ame combination had a list fight on Sunday
. night.
Dennis McCarthy, a tailor, living at 310
Vallejo street, died yesterday while officiating
as pallbearer at his son's father-in-law's fu
neral.
A charge of assault to murder was yesterday
placed against Lawrence uarney. He is al
leged to have hit Mrs. Shapiro "with an ax
handle.
Many prominent citizens have signified their
willingness to serve on the committee that is
to be appointed to advance the cause of the
Cubans.
Senator Perkins has been requested to en
deavor to secure an appropriation of $30,000
to defray in part the expenses o: sending food
to India.
Mrs. Leland Stanford's third annual report
shows that the estate of her late husband.
Senator Leland Stanford, is in good financial
condition.
On Washington's birthday the annual 23
--mile roid race of the California Associated
. Cycling Clubs will be held around the San Le
andro triangle.
Meeting of the committee on pure foods of
the Council of Associated Industries has been
postponed troin Friday, February 12, until
this afternoon at 2 p. m.
In the last Golden Rule, the official paper of
• the Christian Endenvorers, some valuable in
formation regarding railroad service to the
gr- at convention is given.
At a meeting of the State Floral Society yes
terday Professor V. L. Kellogg of Stanford
University delivered an interesting lecture on
"Garden Insects in Winter."
Judge Wallace, when sentencing Arthur
Jackson for manslaughter yesterday, read him
long lecture upon the practice of carrying
pistols, so much affected by young men.
The Labor Exchange will hold a public
meeting in Pythian Hall, 909 Market street,
to-morrow afternoon. The scheme of the ex
. change is to set the unemployed to work.
There was a meeting yesterday at the rooms
of the Board of Trade to establish a bureau of
" information in Los Angeles to attract tourists
and immigration to this part of the State.
Thomas F. Dunn, who has $10,000 worth of
property, is said to be incompetent to manage
the same, and William Dunn has applied for
letters of guardianship for his person and
estate.
In the continuance of the examination of
Butler, "the Blue Mountain Monster," a mass
■ of corroborative evidence was introduced
which strengthened the case against the
' prisoner.
The Supreme Court "discouraged" a "frivol
ous and annoying" case yesterday by awarding
Mrs. Flora Sykes $21 in her foreclosure anil on
• appeal, and W. 11. Arne, the defendant, $100
damages.
An order has been issued by the Superior
Court authorizing the executors of the will of
the late Dr. Washington M. Ryer to pay the
seven orphan asylums of Ban Francisco
$15,000 each. 'C :*•:
The will of Dionisia GutieVrez has been filed
for probate. The property consists of $29,000
worth of land in this City and $1000 cash.
All the estate is bequeathed to relatives of the
testator residing in Spain.
The Grand Jury yesterday indicted Frank
Marty, a milkman, for trying to bribe a Su
pervisor, and exonerated Morrfa Asher, the
attorney charged with conniving at tiling a
false document to fool the court.
' The State- Board of Trade representatives
• conferred yesterday with Auditor Broderick
«nd City and County Attorney Creswell in
reference to the appropriation for placing ex
hibits at the Guatemala and Hamburg expo
sitions.
The unemployed held a mass-meeting at the
Turk-streot Temple yesterday and after or
ganising marched to the City Hall to inter
view Mayor Phelan. The Mayor, however,
was out of town and the men returned to the
temple, where a committee was appointed to
solicit subscriptions.,
. Borromean Council No. 129, Young Men's
Institute, will give a minstrel show ann dance
at Mission Opera Hall on February 17. The
musical direction of the entertainment will be
under the portion of Professor P. W. D'Arcy
and Professor Joseph Eccics. Among the
talent will be some oi the best entertainers in
the City.
JUDGE McKENNA
TO BE BANQUETED
Invitations Will Be Issued
for the Evening, of Feb
ruary 23
The New Cabinet Officer to Be
Honored by His Fellow-
Citizens.
Farewell Testimonial From Promi
nent Men of All Classes Irre
sp.ctive of Politics.
The many friends of Judge Joseph Mc-
Kenna do not intend that the distin
guished gentleman so soon to be a mem
ber of the President's Cabinet shall depart
for the scene of his new duties as quietly
as his own modesty might lead him to
desire.
It has been determined that he shall
first be made the object of such a demon
stration as shall serve to show him some
thing at loast of the high estimation in
which tie is so deservedly held by his fel
low-citizens here, and the satisfaction
which they feel in the honors showered
upon him.
The manner in which Judge McKenna
shall be honored was decided yesterday
afternoon at a meeting held in the maple
room of tbe Palace Hotel. It was there
decided to take the form of a compli
mentary banquet to be given at the Pal
ace Hotel Tuesday evening, the 23d, at
which the newly appointed Cabinet officer
will be the guest of honor.
In thus honoring Judge McKenna poli
tics cut no figure in tbe matter at all, sev
eral of the most enthusiastic supporters of
the movement being of the Democratic
faith. One and all realize that in the
selection of Judge McKenna for his Cabi
net President-elect McKinley had not only
: done credit to his own judgment, while
honoring a man in every way worthy of
any distinction that could be tendered
him. but had also conferred upon Cali
fornia, so long unrepresented in the ex
ecutive council chamber, a compliment
which would, if possible, gain in point by
a manifestation of the manner in which
the people of the .State appreciated it.
That this appreciation could be shown
in a social attention to one so univer-ally
esteemed as is Judge McKenna among
those who know him best of course only
made those interested embrace the oppor
tunity all the more readily.
At the meeting held yesterday afternoon
the following leading citizens were pres
ent: Colonel J. P. Jackson. W. H. Brown,
Con O'Connor, H. P. Sonntai-. Hugh
Hume, Theodore Reichert, A: H. Wat kins,
N. W. Spaulning, ex-Uovernorß. Pacheco,
Tirey L. Ford, P. J. Gal pin, Horace Davis,
S. C. Denson, Barry Baldwin, A. G. Booth,
Claus Spreckels and C. X. Felton.
Colonel J. P. Jackson was elected chair
man and Theodore Reichert secretary, af
ter which the following committees were
appointed: On invitations — H. P. Sonn
tag. Barry Baldwin, A. H. Watkins, Con
O'Connor and Hugh Hume; reception
committee — W. H. Brown, Clans Spreckels,
J. P. Gralpin, A. G. Booth, Frank Powers
and N. W. Spauldin committee on toasts
—J. P. Jackson, Tirev L. Ford, 8. C. Den
son, General W. H. L. Barnes and Charles
Ackerman.
TO CENTRAL CALIFORNIA
Immigration to Be Invited to
Improve and Enjoy the
Whole State.
A Bureau of Information Concerning
Central California to Be Estab
lished in Los Angeles-
A meeting called by H. H. Sherwood for
the purpose of forwarding the interests of
Central California was held at the rooms
of the San Francisco Board of Trade at
2:30 yesterday afternoon. It was held
under the auspices of the State develop
ment committee, the principal purpose
being the establishing and maintenance
at Los Angeles during the next few
months of a bureau of information con
cerning the climate, soil, transportation
facilities, local accommodations and other
matters of interest in Central and North
ern California.
As a result of the dissemination of in
formation by this bureau it is expected
that a largely increased amount of tourist
travel and desirable immigration will
come to the central and northern parts of
the State. It is believed that a very laree
number of persons from the East who
enter tbe State from the south are de
terred from coming into the central part
by a misunderstandingof the climate and
other conditions here.
Amon>_* those present at the meeting
were: General K. H. W'arfield, O. M.
Brennan, G. W. Hooper, J. M. Chase, Mr.
Friedlander, H. H. Sherwood, W. M.
Bunker, D. M. Carman, I. J. Truman and
G. P. Adams. E. K. Alslp Irom Sacra
mento attended. A number sent regrets
that they could not attend, but sated
they were in hearty accord with the pur
poses of the meeting.
George P. Snell of the Hotel Vendome,
San Jose, indorsed the movement, said
that united, earnest, prompt action was
imperative, and concluded: "We are en
thusiastically with you."
H. H. Sherwood presided and briefly
stated the object of the conference. He
said that Eastern people travel over a
southern route, especially those coming
to California auring the 'winter months.
They labor under the delusion that the
part of the State north of the Tebachapi
mountain is colder than Southern Cali
fornia, little dreaming that the mean
temperature of San Francisco is higher in
winter and lower in summer than that of
tbe climate of Los Angeles.
General Wartield said that he had seen
a picture displayed in Los Angeles ol a
Santa Bosa hotel with icicles hanging
irom the eaves the diameter of a man's
arm and* extending half-way to the
ground. The icicles had been painted on
an original picture and then reproduced
by photography and widely distributed
among visitors from the East. Other
speakers quoted similar instances in which
great injustice had been done to this part
of the State and all agreed upon the ad
visability of taking steps to counteract
these false impressions by making the
truth known to Eastern people coming
into Los Angeles.
A committee, consisting of Messrs. Sher
wood, Bunker, Wartield and Carman, was
appointed to wait upon the different or
ganizations, including the Board of Trade,
chamber of Commerce, Merchants' Asso
ciation, Manufacturers' and Producers'
Association, Produce Exchange, the uni
versities and other organizations inter
ested to r quest their contributions to the
lund necessary to be promptly raised.
Mr. Carman suggested that the proposed
plan should be merely preliminary to a
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 13. 1897.
persistent effort to be made in the East to
attract pleasure-seekers and home-seekers
to Central California. He stated that the
communications received by the State
development committee indicated that
the long-looked-for time had come when
concentrated action on the part of those
most interested was possible and that a
greater enthusiasm is being displayed by
some of the most progressive counties
than ever Known before.
The plan of procedure proposed was to
send to Los Angeles a thoroughly in
formed man on the climate, productions,
attractions, etc., of this section, to open a
bureau of information.
Mr. tinker spoke oi the need of prompt
action to catch the tourist travel.
Mr. Alsip gave. the meeting the benefit
of his years of experience in attracting
im mit-ration to Central California. He
thought a committee representing the
business community and organized bodies
of San Francisco should wait on the Santa
Fe officials and ask them to issue through
tickets to San Francisco and to ask the
Southern Pacific to allow stop-over privi
leges. He suggested the importance of
co-operation of all the interior counties.
THE STANFORD ESTATE.
Pleuty of Money Coining; In to Pay Ex
penses and Legacies.
Mrs. Jane Lathrop Stanford has filed in
Judge Coffey's court her third annual ac
count as executrix of the estate of her
husband, the late Senator Leland Stan
ford. , '
The cash received is $578,824 08 and the
expenditures amount to $501,635 10, leav
ing a balance on hand of $17,188 93.
One considerable item in the expendi
tures is the $10,000 allowed monthly for
Mrs. Stanford. Large sums have also
been paid out as legacies, it being the
effort of the executrix to settle with the
legatees as rapidly as possible.
* No change has been made in the source
of revenue, and the ordinary outlays for
keeping up the estate are about The same
as last year. This account has nothing to
do with the property held in trust for the
benefit of the Stanford University, near
Palo Alto.
HER CHARGE IS CRUELTY
Mrs. L. M. Ryer Sues Her
Husband Christopher
for Divorce.
She Contends That He Threatened to
Kill Her and in Other Ways
Abused Her Trust
Louise M. Rver has sued her husband,
Christopher B. Ryer. for divorce on the
ground of cruelty.
Ryer compromised with the estate of
Dr. Washington M. Ryer for a consider
able sum of money, and this appears to
have caused all the trouble, for since that
time his wife says he has abused her.
Ryer is agent for some factories in this
City.
The wife's grounds for a permanent
separation are extreme cruelty extending
over quite a period of their unhappy mar
ried life. She describes her husband as a
man of an extremely bad temperament,
who, without provocation, would abuse
her in public, as well as at home.
For instance, on December 20, 1896, the
wife alleges that while she and her hus
band were dining at the St. Germain res
taurant Be reviled her in opprobrious
terms, reminding her in a brutal way that
it was none of her business what he did,
and that "he wanted his girl fixed up, but
that he did not care a — how the plaintiff
looked." -v 'V
. Again, on December 25, 1596, at the
homo of his mother, 1010 Chester street,
Oasland, plaintiff alleges, her husband
became angry and, flying into a rage,
swore at her and ber mother and finally
caused the former to return home at night
alone. *
The complaint also recites a number of
cruelties inflicted upon her at 1819' Bu
chanan street, this City. On December
29, the wife declares, she was confined to
her bed by illness, but notwithstanding
this fact her husband forced her to get up
and threatened to kill her if she moved
from the chair in which she was compelled
to sit. !££■££
When she appealed to him to allow her
to return to. her bed the wife says her
husband struck her in the face.
Again, on December 30, she declares
that her husband came home drunk and,
after slapping her face, drove her from
the house.
The wifp al-o has good reason to recall
last New Year's day, for on that occasion
she alleges that Ryer's anser was again
aroused, and he raised the deuce at home,
abusing her, breaking up the weuding
presents she had received from her
mother, destroying the household furni
ture and repeating his oft-time threat to
kill her.
• Mrs. Ryer's grievances also extend to her
husband relatives. On January 12, it is
charged, the daughter of Ryer by a former
wife abused her in indecent terms and ex
pressed a wish that her stepmother would
die.
In conclusion Mrs. Ryer says that she
has been a faithiul wife to her husband
and can endure his brutal treatment no
longer.
In her prayer for divorce she includes a
request for $50 a month alimony and $250
counsel fees, which she says her husband
can well afford to pay from the revenues
of his own property, of which she wants
no share.
She has property in her name, which
she asks the court to decree as her own.
REGULATIONS AND LAW.
Board of Health Mar Have to Appoint
a Pharmacist to Be Legal.
Has the Board of Health caused one of
its employes to incur danger of a penalty
by the performance of an unlawful act?
This is a topic which has been discussed
by the Health and Police Committee of
the Supervisors. The law in question is
the pharmacy act, which provides tbat
none but qualified and duly certified phar
macists, so entitled by the act of the
Pharmacy Commission, shall put up pre
scriptions of drugs for medicinal use.
Dr. Weill came before the Health and
Police Committee yesterday in response
to a summons. A bill Bad been presented
lor supplies which indicated by its items
that a considerable drug supply is carried
in the basement of the new City Hall, and
that a general prescription business is
conducted. Dr. Weill said that the regu
lations of the Board ot Health provided
for the filling of prescriptions by the
steward. But when he was asked what
legal power there was for this Dr. Weill
could not say. He did not make the ar
rangement. Then the suggestion was
thrown out that it would be necessary to
appoint a pharmacist to fulfill the law.
Servian** Much Interested.
The appointment of a Servian interpreter
for the criminal courts by the Commission on
Interpreters has once more stirred the blood
of the two Servian factions. Mr. Glover, who
has occupied the position for some time, was
appointed again. The other candidate for the
position was Mr. Becker, who formerly occu
pied the position of Spanish interpreter. Yes
terday inquiries were made at the Mayor's
office for the list of signers upon the petition
of Mr. Becker. The Mayor was busy else
where and the names were not furnished.
There was some talk. on the outside about
forged signatures, but no definite allegations
were made. ' •■'■_
Oakland, Feb. 12, 1897.— Mrs. Martha
Thompson was removed yesterday from the
vault in Mountain View Cemetery to her
final rest by her beloved husband and accom
panied by a host of friends and a delegation
of the Salvation Army, of which he Is a mem.
ber. ;•..-
WESTMINSTER IS
ALMOST FINISHED
Architectural Novelties to
Be Used in the New
Building.
It Is of the Italian Style and Is
. Provided With All Modern
Improvements.
A Memorial Window to Monroe Green
wood to Be in Its
Walls.
The new Westminster Presbyterian
Church, on Page and Webster streets, will
he ready for occupancy in about six or
seven weeks.
Among the peculiarities of its archi
tecture is a pressed steel panel ceiling of
handsome design, the first ever erected in
this City. In harmony with the rest of
the building the designs on the celling are
in the Italian style. The interior will be
finished in hardwood and plaster.
The seating capacity of the church is 800
and of the Sunday-school 500. It is built
on the extension plan, all on one floor, the
space being divided by a large sliding
door and both rooms have comfortable
galleries. The pulpit is set in one corner
of the auditorium and right behind it is
the organ loft. There are three exits, two
on Page street and one on Webster.
The entire building will be heated by a
furnace and lighted by both electricity
and gas.
One of the windows in the main build
ing will a memorial to Monroe Green
wood, a prominent elder of the churcn,
who died soon after the new church was
started. He was one of the principal sup
porters of the plan of a new church and
he did a great deal to make the move pos
sible. At the time of his death he was
president of the California Electrical
Works.
Charles Geddes, the architect, is also an
elder in the church and the only living
charter member. He designed the eld
church thirty years ago, saw it built,
watched the old members drop out one by
one from the congregation, and now he
has all but completed a new church.
Rev. C. C. Harriot will very probably be
the pastor for next year.
The cost of the church when finished
will be about $30,000.
NOW FOR THIRD STREET
South Side Club Preparations
for Illumination Per
fect
Arc Lamps Will Glow Over the
Entire Street From Market
to Townsend.
The property-owners and merchants on
Third street, from Market to Townsend,
will try to make that street surpass any
of the recently illuminated thorough
fares in the City. ■ '>■;-;■'
Tne wires and arc lamps have been
placed on the three blocks from Mission
to Harrison street, and it was the inten
tion of some of the members of the club to
have the current turned on to the wires
to-morrow night; but this has been de
ferred until the entire street is in a posi
tion to join in the celebration.
Property-owners bstween Market and
Mission streets have been encouraged by
tbe generosity of the merchants, who hare
subscribed the necessary amount to guar
antee the lighting of that section. flUflii
This was done by the following named,
some of whom own roal estate on that j
block, having subscribed to the fund:
Charles M. Snortridge, proprietor of The
Call; Walter Morosco. Mrs. C. C. Keene, F.
Dciliug, Michael Baeoquez, 11. Boese & Witten
berg, Frank Woenne, A. Andenbleman, T.
Healy, 1. Simon, John Stretheff, T. T. Wil
liams (lor Mrs. Hearst), Peine Bros., George F.
Sand, Charles Jonas, Fortune & Walsh, banner
ct Spring, Martin Overalia, 11. Huber & Co.,
Mlchaliuchlce Bros. & Co.. Divld Keil, Max
Berndt, E. H. Carroll, S. Stencil, A. Hoffman,
Eagle Shoo Company, Mrs. L. Grosfeuocke,
James O'Dwyer, Joseph Boss, O. F. yon Rhein,
H. Levy, Gus Harshall, Joe Knauer, William
Ehrenpfort, Bernard Katchlnskl (for Mrs. M.
E. Snook).
President W. S. Hughes has submitted
his resignation as president to the club.
This was ignored by Chairman Katcninski,
who stated that Mr. Hughes was too val
uable a man to lose.
Attached to Mr. Hughes letter was a res
olution thanking the public press for its
able assistance toward, the club in its un
dertakings to.improve Third street. The
resolution was adopted by the club, with
an additional vote of thanks to Charles If.
Shortridge, proprietor of The Call for his
liberal subscription to the lund.
Th- following committee was • appoint
ed on celebration: A. Jonas, Alolph
Hoffman, B. Jacobs, C. Attell, R. E. Cole,
Julius Lemle, Leon Samuels and J. L.
Elliott.
On subscription for lights from Harri
son to Townsend street, r W. 8. Hughes,
Dr. Rottanzi, W. Hcndrickson, A. W.
Morgenstern and Albert Heyer.
. The committee on street pavement re
ported .that H. H. Lynch, constructor for
the Market-street Railroad Company, bad
informed it that the company would pave
its track with bitumen on Folsom street
from Sixth to Third.
The club recommended P. H. Cahill to
Street Superintendent Ambrose as its in
spector over the Foisom-street pavement.
The club will hold a special meeting at
Beecker's Hall, Third street, next Thurs
day evening.
TO RIVAL THE POLICE.
The Letter- Carriers Form a Glee Club
and Will, Give Concerts From.
Time to Time.
A number of the letter-carriers of this
City met last Monday evening for the pur
pose of proving to the public that they
have as good voices as the guardians of
the City's peace. And according to Pro
fessor John W. McKenzie the gray -coated
lads will completely outclass the be-but
toned boys in blue.
Concerts will be given from time to
time, and it is expected that the audi
ences will be completely carried away
with their work. Some of the voices, par
ticularly the tenors, are very good, and
Mr. McKenzie hopes to make the glee
club an organization the City may be
proud of. They meet for their first re
hearsal next Monday at 524 Eddy street.
Among those so far enrolled are J. Maher,
T. B. Mahonev, C. Coolev, C. F. Dem
micK, P. J. Whelan, E. H. Griffin. N. C.
Larigan, E. D. Long and J. McAuliffe.
THEY WISH TO RETIRE.
Election Commissioner*. Ask the Legis
lature to Be Relieved From Office.
The Board of Election Commissioners
have adopted a communication for the
consideration of the Legislature, request
ing that they be relieved of their duties
as commissioners. A part of the comma*
nication, which was adopted at a meeting
held yesterday and which bears the signa
tures of Auditor Broderick, City and
County Attorney Creswell, Surveyor Til
ton and Tax Collector Block, is as follows:
It is not our intention or desire to shirk or
avoid any responsiblliiies or the performance
of any duty which the law may impose upon
us; but for reasons patent to all who are fa
miliar with tho facts this commission ought
not to embrace such persons as have other
official duties to perform.which duties are espe
cially onerous at the very times when the com
mission demands their closest attention, par
ticularly so in the cases of the Tax Collector
and the Auditor, nor is it delicate or proper
tnat those who hold office or who may be can
didates for office at the election during which
they officiate as most important factors should
be placed In the position of being either justly
or unjustly accused of influencing the results
of such election.
HIT WITH AN AX-HANDLE.
A Serious Charge Crows Out of the
Rivalry of Two Small Con
cerns.
Rivalry between two second hand
clothing-stores on Howard street, near
Seventh, has been waxing bitter for a
month past, and the disputes between
the adherents of the adverse establish
ments culminated Thursday, when Law
rence Carney, the landlord of one of the
stores, struck Mrs? Shapiro, the proprie
tress of the rival concern, with an ax
handle. A warrant for battery was at
once sworn to by Mrs. Shapiro's daugh
ter, Mrs. Lena Marcus; but yesterday this
charge seemed too light, and on her rep
resentations that her mother was at the
point of death the charge was changed to
assault to commit murder.
Carney rents the lower part of his tene
ment at 1030 Howrrd street to a man
whom the Shapiros claim is trying to at
tract their customers. His iriends claim
that a crowd of the Shapiros and their
friends had surrounded him and were
preparing to assault him, when he struck
out with a club in self-defense.
They say Mrs. Shapiro was not seriously
injured.
Carney was arrested and released on bail.
LAND SCHEME FRAUDS.
An Effort to Put a Stop to Swindling
■ -_• Operators. •
On last Tuesday the Board of Trade ap
pointed a special committee to call upon
the Governor relative to the land frauds
practiced by land-scheme swindlers. The
committee consists of W. H. Mills, J. A.
Filcher, J. S. Emery, C. Sharp and E.
Shields. An appointment has been made
with Governor Budd for Monday after
noon. It is hoped that the Governot* will
make this the matter of a special message
to the Legislature, and it is hoped that a
special commission will be created, whose
duty it will be to look into and investigate
all land and colonization schemes, par
ticularly those in which colonization of
foreigners is concerned.
Lucky I'.aUhvln Sued Again.
"Lucky" E. J. Baldwin has been sued by
Contractor William Knowles lor $1775, said to
be due on account of repairs and alterations
recently made in the Baldwin Hotel. The
complaint sets forth that the work was done
in accordance with the written contract to the
satisfaction of the supervising contractor and
of Baldwin himself, who formally accepted it
but refused to pay the money du«*t*»
NEW TO-DAT.
Stop and think a minute
about this tea question.
Are you getting the best
tea for the price you are
paying? Can it be possible
that Schilling Best is, better
than the tea you are now
buying, although the price
may be lower? Would you
lose anything by trying ?
Your money back if you
don't like Schilling's Best.
A Schilling & Company , • _
San Francisco 434
TROUBLES OF THE
SHIP KENNEBEC
The Crew. Refused to Sail
With the Second
Officer-
Parted Her Hawsers and Went
Into the Trough of the Sea
on the Bar.
Death of N. A. Nelson, Who Was for
Thirty Years Freight Clerk on
the Sausalito Route
The ship Kennebec was in a peck of
trouble last Sunday. While lying at
Third-street wharf some of the sailors re
fused to go to sea with the second officer.
They had sailed with him in the bark
Martha Davis, and according to them his
record was not good. There was a free
fight aboard, and when the secoud mate
drew his gun the men fled. As it was
easier to get a second mate than half a
dozen seamen, the captain compromised
the matter by paying off Second Officer
Hayes. The latter asserts that he has a
claim for damages and will libel the ship
when she returns to port.
While crossing the bar the Kennebec
was again in trouble. During a particu
larly heavy squall the hawser between the
tug and the vessel parted. The Kennebec
rolled gunwales under, and the captain at
once began to get sail on her. Captain
Harry Marshall was not behind time,
however, and inside of twenty minutes he
had a new hawser aboard the ship and
bad her under way again. It was a re
markably smart piece of work in the cir
cumstances on the part of the captain of
the Alert.
The following has been issued by the
Lighthouse Board :
Notice is hereby given that for the purpose
of making necessary repairs the fog bell at
Ediz Hook, Strait of Juan de Fuca, Washing
ton, will not be In operation from the 15th of
February to about the Ist of March, 1897.
Due notice will be given of the date on which
the log bell will again be in operation.
This notice affects the List oi Lights and Fog
Signals, Pacific Coast, 1896, No. 1101, page
26; also List of Beacons and Buoys, Pacific
Coast, 1895, page 58.
The E. B. Sutton wants sailors and the
Sailors' Home is willing to supply them
for $14 a month pay. All the other" board
ing-masters want $15, but as men are plen
tiful on the beach the chances are that the
"Home" will get the job of filling the
Sutton. "Fourteen dollars and found is
not to be sneezed at," said one of the men
yesterday, "and the Sutton is a good
ship."
N. A. Kelson, who for thirty years has
been freight clerk for the Sausalito ferry,
dropped dead last night while at his post.
He had neither kith nor kin, and died
worth several thousand dollars. Captain
McKenzie of the San Rafael is bis execu
tor, ana, according to - the statements
made on »he front, he left $1000 to Ticket
Agent Newcombe, $1000 to Captain Mc-
Kenzie and the balance of his money to
i different men along the front.
Captain Titchworth of the tug Annie
has been a very sick man. He has had a
severe attack of lumbago, but was able
to be about again yesterday. He Pad to
I be helped from the wharf to the steamer
and vice versa, but was able to handle the
vessel with his old-time skill.
The Sterling will not discharge her
cargo here. A few hundred tons of cargo
will be taken out, and then she will sail
for Alaska. The stuff taken out will be
about 250 tons of coal, and the balance of
the consignment, consisting of coal and
tin plates, will be taten to the canneries.
The steam Golden Gate is to be
launched at Seattle at 9:19 A. M. to-day.
She is for the customs service and will be
raw TO-DAT.
MENTAL EFFECTS.
A Healing Test for the Mind.
There are a number of commendable
things taught by so-called mind-healers,
for instance, "Mind is the real being, the
real man, which moves the arms, legs,
eyes, etc, as machines which do its will."
Body is made up entirely of what coxes
from the ground and air. A peculiar com-
pound of earth and water, delicately and
most deftly arranged to be sure, but
simple earth and water, nevertheless,
without any force, intelligence or motion
in it, except as it is acted upon by the liv-
ing mind. :- •.-:;,
There seems to be two minds to each
body, or two selves, one which runs the
so-called automatic members, stomach,
heart, bowels, etc., and the other which
conducts the movements of the outer mem-
bers, arms, etc.
It is a curious psychological fact that
when one is slightly ailing, a new line of
thought will quickly affect the body favor-
ably, and particularly if that mental trend
run somewhat as follows : "I am not
body."
"My real self is unseen and is mind or
spirit, wnich is the same as life. Body
being dead material cannot complain to
me except as I sensitize it and permit the
complaints." If a person can bring him-
self to thoroughly believe this ' without a
shadow. of doubt, a most curious and heal-
ing effect is quickly felt in the body.
Many people have not a well enough
trained mind to command just what it
shall or shall not do, but where the mind
is well in hand, so to speak, the result of
such mental exercise is marked and can-
not be forgotten.
We write the above knowing that it will
reach the eye of some honest searcher
after some of the new laws which are
lately coming to be known to man, and to
say that while on the subject of healthful
living it should not be forgotten that good
nourishing food and drink are necessary,
and the unnatural habits are better left
off than clung to. If the reader has trou-
ble . frith coffee and has never used the
food-drink, Postum Cereal, it will well re-
pay the trial.
There is but one genuine original Pos-
tum Cereal coffee, with a multitude of
imitations offered as 'just as good."
NEW TO-DAY— AMUSEMENTS.'
DACING! RACING! RACING!
——CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB— -
WINTER MEETING. 1896-"97.
Beginning Monday, Feb. 8, to Feb. 20. Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racing Monday. Tuesday, Wednesday,
Thursday, Friday and Saturday.
Rain or thine.
I FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAY.
Races Start ac 2:15 P. M. Sharp .
■ Ferry Boats Irave !«an Francisco at 12 k. and
12:30. 1 .00, 1:80, 2:00. 2:30 and 3P. m.. connect-
ing Willi trains stopping at the entrance to track.
Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
Returning— Trains leave tbe Track at 4:15 aal
4:45 r. v. and Immediately after tbe last race.
THOMAS ii. WILLIAMS JR. Frejident.
R. B MILROY. Secretary.
THE CHUTES.
this AFTERNOON AND evening.
HaOIHARA JAPANESE ACROBATS, ord-
WAY and BRESINO, wire-walker. The ANI-
MaTOSCOI'k and a Host of Attractions at
night. * Admission, 10c; Children, 6c.
: — SUNDAY 1
AFTERNOON AND EVE INO,
JAMES J. CORBETT
' Id a Scientific Exhibition.
SEW TO-DAY.
v Smouldering fires ! !
)> of old disease |
(') lurk in the blood of many a j[
]i> man, who fancies himself in <<|
it good health. Let a slight /]>
,») sickness seize, him, and the y\
jl old enemy breaks out anew. (>\
]I< The fault is the taking of |[
<? medicines that suppress, in- >]»
' ,») stead of curing disease. Yon <<[
Ss can eradicate disease and (i'
i? purify your blood, if yon use %
J') the standard remedy of the <"!
j| world, ~ S>
j| Ayer's ||
I Sarsaparilla. |
stationed in San Francisco. Miss Munger,
daughter of Commander Munger of the
revenue service, is to be sponsor of the
new vessel, and will name the cutter
after the Golden Gate.
The steamer schooner South Coast and
tl>e schooner Azalea were in collision yes-
terday on the Mission mud flats. The
South Coast was damaged slightly and
the Azalea had her stern crushed.
The following notice is posted in the of-
fice of Captain Dunleavy of the Harbor
police:
New Bedford, Feb. 1, 1897.
To Chief of Police— Dear Sir: Will you be
kind enough to have information inserted in
the papers inquiring of anyone that was in
the wreck of the Independence off Margareta
Buy, Margareta Island, loner coast of Califor-
nia. There was a child born on the island
while they were waiting for help. The child
was named after the Margareta. If
you could find out any one or more of their
names send their names and address to the
undersigned. They will hear from mc some-
thing that will interest them very much.
Yours truly, p. w. Hart.
Showmouth, New Bedford, Mass.
The Merchants' Exchange has no record
of the wreck of the Independence men-
tioned, and no one along the front has any
remembrance of such a vessel.
1
NEW TO-DAT— AMUSEMENT*.
this afternoon:
THE GREAT
TREBELLI!
The Famous Prima Gonna Soprano, at the
CALIFORNIA
THEATER!
Assisted by Well-known Talent. '
SEATS NOW OX SALE.
TRICES— SOc, SI, *1 50.
THE SPLENDID PROGRAMME.
1. Violoncello solo, "Grande Polonaise dv Con-
cert" (Popper), Herr Arthur Weiss: 2, grand
scene and aria from "La Traviata," "AhlFowe
Lvi" (Verdi), Mile. Trebelli: 3, melodle, "Plalslr
d'Amour" (Martini), M. Loui Crepaux; 4, (a) ro-
manza, "l ena d'Amore" (.MasCagnO. (6) lied,
"Good Morning" (Grieg), Mile. Trebelli; ft, son?,
M. Lout Crepaux; 6, Air oe i'lnfanie, from "La
Cld." "Alleluia" (Massenet), Mile. Trebelli; 7,
violoncello solo (a). "Slmole Aveu" (Thome), (6)
"Papiilon" (Popper), Herr Arthur Weiss; 8 vlia-
nelle, "Eva Dell Aqua," Mile. Trebelli; 9, melodle,
"Plus blanche Est Mon Amour" (Ch. G. Hess).
M. Loui Crepaux; 10, "Song of Sunshine" (Goring
Thomas). Mlie. TrebeUi.
BALDWIN THEATER.
AI.Hj.Y-iAXd.Co. (Incorporated) Froprtt»;o.*t
Every Ev'nj* Including Sunday. Mat. To-day.
THE EMINENT ACTOR MX.
LOUIS J*u3L3VE£3£»
under tbe management of Wagenhals & Kemper.
ALL THIS WEKK
SPARTAOITS
A Magnificent Scenic Revival of Dr. Bird's
Famous Prize Play.
NEXT WEKK.
Monday. Tuesday and Friday Rv?s., and Sat. Mat.
"MY LOUD AND SOME LADIES."
Wednesday and Sunday ; OTHELLO
Thursday HAMLET
•: .■>-: SEATS NOW READY.
TJsrM^*o*£oOTTlOD«> g>- tt*.*.;3A.i3nAWC-m>—
THE FIRST I THIS
O.NE AFTEROON
GRAND MATINEE PERFORMANCE OF
CHARLES HOPPER
Crowded All the Time. seats on Sale for Next
Wl-elc. Next Attraction— PAN RICE.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSB
MBa.tß.MUii.vi: Krft.w. Proprietor & Manager
TO-N IGEET
AsT AT 8 JfM
OUR UP-TO-DATE EXTRAVAGANZA,
ALADDIN,
Or, THE WONDERFUL LAMF.
OK.EA.T CASTI
Beautiful Scenery !— Novel Specialties!
The Latest Sensation.
"La Danse dcs Fleurs Eleotriquesl"
ga -*•-*•--*••**
THE SIX LITTLE TAILORS.
Pooul-*i- Prices 250 »r»«1 =>Or»
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
LA Eli MOP.OSCO...SoIa Lessee and Ifaaa-fK
FIRST PRODUCTION ON THIS COAST
Of the Sensational Comedy-Drama,
"A MILE A MINUTE I",
In Which an Engine and Tender Dash Across
tbe Stage at Full Speed.
First Appearance of the PHOSNIX QUARTET.
BONOS! DANCES! SPECIALTIES!
E-ren-n--* Prices— l lie. 'ilia and *41 j.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
MATINEE TO-DAY (Saturday).
- Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, any sea*, ltl>
Chddren, 10c, any par*.
First Time Here of
ARA. ZEBRA AND VORA. "
Equilibrists and Pcdepallsts, and JOHN and
BERTHA GLKAbON, Novelty Dancers.
Tremendous Success of
f GUIIiLiE.
WARD and CCKRAN, BESSIE CLAYTON, THE
FRANTZ FAAIILY and Novelties without end.
Concerts by the Royal Huncarlan Couit Or-
chestra immediately after the evening perform-
ance in the Orpheurn Annex.
ALCAZAR I ™' A A 7i RNOON
MsLUHtfisllilll . EVENINQ AT 8. m
Gillette's Successful Comedy, ■ HX§>
:.:•:.:" THE PROFESSOR! ":.:•:.:
It Is Jflst the Neatest Story Ever Told.
You Can't Help Laughing! It's So Funny
: a". 23. POLili
; . And The Entire Company.
Prices— 15c, 25c, "*se and 53a.
c Phone for seats— Blaccc 991.
. . «.
SUTRO BATHS.
Open Daily From 7 A. d. to 6 F. M.
Swimming Season 1897.
Bathing*, Including Admission— Adults
25c, Children 20c.
General Admission, l loe ; Children. sc,
78
THE FIELD OF SPORT.
End of the Game Shooting Season— Baseball,
Cycling and General Athletics,
The season open to sportsmen who
have a predilection for shooting quail
and wild duck will end on Monday, and
doubtless a large number of hunters will
take advantage of the few days that re
main in which game birds can be bagged.
The weather is not favorable for cycling,
but the riders who never miss an oppor
tunity to enter for events that are consid
ered important are keeping themselves in
good trim for the big meeting which will
be held at the Veledrome track on Wash
ington's birthday.
The Olympic Club is determined to give
a first-class professional boxing tourna
ment in April, and with that object in
view the directors are corresponding with
some of the leading pugilists of America.
Lovers of coursing, baseball, rifle shoot
ing, boat rowing, fishing, etc., are looking
forward to a summer of great sport.
THE WHEELMEN.
A Variety of Cycling: Events Sched-
uled for Washington's Birthday.
This has been another quiet week in
cycling circles here. Wheelmen have
watched with interest the proceedings of
the national assembly of the League of
American Wheelmen at Albany during
the week, as given in the telegraphic col
umns of tho papers. The election of Mr.
Potter of New York to the presidency was
popular here, he being the choice of the
California delegates. . Probably to-day's
account will tell whether the Sunday rac
ing amendment has passed, about which
we have been so mu/ch exercised here.
The baggage bill has been passed by
both houses at Sacramento and has been
signed by Governor Budd, hence it is now
a law. Much credit is due Charles Albert
Adams and Percy V. Long for this result,
as they, assisted by F. T. Dwyer of Sacra
mento, supported the bill in the interests
of tbe League of American Wheelmen,
spending a great deal of time at Sacra
mento explaining the situation to the
Assemblymen and Senators.
The Velodrome will have a big meet on
Washington's birthday. It is going to set
the cyclers thinking what to do, when j
they stop to consider all the attractions
offered lor that day. There is to be a
splendid meet at Petaluma, marking the
opening of the State circuit. Then there
is the associated clubs' annual 25-mile
read race across the bay at 10 a. m. and
the meet at the Velodrome here at 2 p. m.
Those who take in the Petaluma meet |
will have to miss the road race and Velo- j
drome events, but it will be possible for I
those who stay here to see th«* road race i
and get back in time for the VeloJrome
meet, and many will do that. They will I
surely see a varied lot of cycle-racing j
during the day.
The Velodrome is not nearly as dead as
some people would like to see it. True
tho relations between Manager Fawcett
and some of the clubs and riders have not
been very harmonious of late, but these
differences can and should be adjusted. i
Mr. Fawcett is no. the only pebble, neither j
should the clubs or men attempt a dicta- I
torial policy toward the Velodrome. It is I
a big enterprise, worthy of their support, j
and all parties should be a little forbear
ing and try to arrange a speedy adjust
ment of differences. Tho Velodrome
peoole have given the San Francisco
cyclists what they. wanted — as fine a track I
as there is in the United States. It has !
been far from a money-making proposi- I
tion as yet and will continue to be unless |
the riders and the public support it freely.
If the riders and "clubs will stop to think
how unfortunate it would be if they had
no track at all the}* might appreciate the
Velodrome more. Grievances against any
one in particular associated with it should
not be brought against the track itself or
the directorate in genera*.
There wili be some good sport there to- j
morrow morning and afternoon in the ;
way of exhibitions and speed trials. Ad- I
mission will be free and it will be worth a j
visit. Becker, the five- mile National
champion, will try to lower his own rive
mile record, which is pretty low already.
On Washington's birthday, the 122.1 iast.,
the annual 25-mile road race of the Cali
fornia Associated Cycling Clubs will be
held aiound the San Leandro triangle. |
This is one of the four big events held by i
the association each year and always at
tracts a lar^e number of hardy road
riders from the various clubs, the entry
list last year numbering seventy-nine, ft
is estimated there will be fully 100 start
ers this year, who will receive "handicaps
varying from nothing to six or . eight
minutes. There will be a large number of
time and place prizes, the association be
ing particularly liberal in this respect -in
all its events. The race will start at 10 j
A. m. at San Leandro, and a-> the coarse is j
triangular in shape and has to be encir- i
cled three times to complete the distance,
from a spectator's point of view the race
is particularly-interesting, much more so
than the ordinary road event. Distance
lends enchantment, 'tis said, which is
perhaps the reason why both riders and
spectators prefer the annual 25-mile road
race to any five or ten mile events held
across the bay.
The road-riders from the different clubs
have been training for some time past for
this race, for the reason that it takes at
least a month's conditioning to fit one for
such a long grind. Probably the Acme
Club will enter the most men, as fully
twenty wearers of the red-and-black will
'start. The club is conceded to have' a
cinch on the Olympic trophy, one of the
prizes. The Bay City Wheelmen have an
excellent show for time prize through
their great road man, C. A. Craft, and
Tommy Hall, if in condition, should show
up well. The Imperials can depend on
Lind, Mack, Goodwin and other;* to up
hold their colors. The Olympics will
have some new men entered, and al
though Wing and Tantau are looked to do
wonders, Helmore and some of the other
riders brought out last season, with fair
handicaps, will have a better show. The
Californias can always depend on Bird
sail to show well in front. In fact, ; this
race will bring out the cream of the road
racing talent of the State.
The road-racing committee of the asso
ciation, of which Charles Albert Adams is
chairman, has prepared the following list
of officials for the race:
President. A. P. Swain, Acme.
Referee, 11. H. White, unattached.
Judges— J. J. B. Argenti, C. C. C. ; F. H. Ker
rigan, B. C. \V. ; Douglas White, O. C. W. ; E.
B. Jerome, R.C.W:*. O. K. Sterling, S. F. 8.C.;
G. F. Neece, Acme; W. H. Tookcr. I. C. C.; K.
T. Dwyer, C. C. W.; T. B. McGinnis, O. C: J.
A. Deslmone, G. C. C. ;>•:,;>,,-
Timers— George P. Wetmore, B. C. W. ; H. D.
Iladenfeldt. O. C. W.; J. S. Lewis, S. F. R. C;
F. W. Sharpe, Acme ; S. Bailey, C. C. C: George
H. Strong, R. C. W.
Starter, George H. Stratton, O. C. W.
Assistant starter, O. B. Marston, It. C. W. "--,
Clerk of course, Jules F. Hancock, B. C. Wt,
Assistant clerks— J. R. Nnylan. R. C. W. ; R.
E. Kevalk, Acme; T. J. Spillane, O. C. W.
Scorers— H. W. Spalding, B. C. W.; H. D
Clarke," A. C; W. Moore, R. <:. ; Lewis C.
Huntcr.O. C. W. ; D. L. Conktlng, O. C; Georee
Brouillet, Acme; A. A. Behneman, A. C. ; W.
Held, C. C. C. Hubert Reis, E. O. W., and W.
I.l'ixley, S. F. R. C.
Chief marshal, .1. J. McGlynn, O. C. W.
Assistants— Rudolph Schrewskv, p. C. C; H.
H. Price, E. C. W.; W. J. Ferguson, O. C. VV. •
»v. O. Johnson, S. F. R. C; K. Boyd. O. C. W. ;
C. H. Trollict, I. C. C. ; J. D. Cardineil, C. C. C. ;
J. A. Alexander, G. C. C. ; John Sheehsn, O. C. ;
McDonald, C. C. W. ; George Dixon, B. C.
W.; R. Bain, R. c. W.
Chief umpire, Henry F.Wynne.
Assistant*— V. Scott, O. C. W. J. S. Eagan,
I. C. C; R. T. MrKissick, R. C. ; T. W.
Flanagan. P. C. C. ; John O'Mallcy, S. F. R. C.;
J. S. Sbedd, Acme.
Handicapper, Robert A. Smyth. ** -'
The Bay City Wheelmen will have a
good time at their clubhouse on Golden
Gate avenue this evening. It is sched
uled as an impromptu evening at home
for members only— and, so the invitation
reads, will consist chiefly of juvenile
games, such as "Old Maid," ••Wetmore's
Royal Casino." "Postoffice," "Spin the
Plate" and "Who will Crack Ice for Grand
ma?" There will be vocal selections by
the B. C. W. Glue Club, stories, recitals
and instrumental music, with refresh
ments galore to cap the merry climax.
The Imperial Cycling Club has a large
number of men in active training for the
twenty-five mile association road race on
the 22d, and also for the club's ten-mile
event on the 28th. The club is noted for
its road racers, and fast time may be ex
pected of some of the men.
The membership of the North California
division. League of American Wheelmen,
i-< rapidly increasing. Among the notable*
to join during tbe past week was James D.
Phelan, Mayor of this City.
Manager Ravlin and Mr. Shafer are
rapidly perfecting arrangements for their
bin State circuit. In Santa Rosa much
enthusiasm was manifested over the pro
posed event. A big meeting of the Santa
Rosa Wheelmen was held and February
27 selected as the date. The following
will oe the events and prizes: Professional
one mile record race paced by sextuplet,
prizes $50, $25, $15; one-third of a mile
scratch, $40, $20, $10; two-thirds of a mile
handicap. $35, $20, $10; five milo scratch,
$40, $20, $10. Amateur events, one mile
open and one mile handicap, prizes in
merchandise valued at $35, $25 and $10
each.
Work on the track has already been
commenced, though it is in fair condition.
Williamson and the IS'oonan brothers will
ride at the Petaluma meet in the five mile
invitation event.
At Dixon the advance agents of the cir
cuit chasers were heartily received by the
Dixon Bicycle Club, which selected March
3 for its date. The club appointed a race
meet committee to handle the affair, con
sisting of F. A. Hutton, G. S. Conner, B.
V. Newby, M. P. Carpenter, H. McFavden,
J. S. Xat-le, Dr. R. I. Millar, C. M. Kirby,
H. Stenge and J. D. Gradey. The events
will be: Professional two mile scratch,
prizes $40. $20, $10; half-mile scratch,
$49, $20, $10; one niiie record race, $50, $23,
$10. Amateur events, two mile handicap
and one mile scratch, prizes valued at $25,
$10 and $5.
At Dixon there is a half-mile track, said
to bo one of ibe best in the United States.
The stretches ..re an eighth of a mile in
length, with the turns well banked. The
Dixon band, famed throughout the in
terior of the State, will give a ball in
honor of the circuit-chasers in the even
ing after the races.
The wheelmen at Woodland decided to
bold their meet on Saturday, March 6, the
professional events to be a mile open
record race, two-mile scratch, half-mile
open and quarter-mile open, prizes in
each $50, $25 aud $20. The amateur card
to be a mile handicap for [$25, $10 and $5,
and a mile open for $35, $20 and $10, these
amateur prizes to be in merchandise, of
course.
The meet wlil be under the auspices of
the Woodland Wheelmen, who have ap
pointed the following race-meet commit
tee: E. T. Lampton, chairman; J. H.
Dungan, James Cassidy, J. M. Kriess,
Harry Adams, E. B. Hay ward, C. F.
Huntington, John Shelton and Fred Bui
lock. The track will be put in fine shape.
Sacramento was fortunate in securing
two days on the circuit, March 9 and 13, a
Tuesday and Saturday. The first day
there will be two professional and two
amateur events, tho distances and prizes
not yet being decided. The second meet
the following professional races will be
run: One-mile open, one-mile handicap,
two-mile handicap, five-mile scratch:
prizes for each to be $50, $25 and $20. The
amateur races will be a mile handicap and
a mile scratch, with prizes in merchan
dise valued at $35, $20 and $10.
The officers of the Capital City Wheel
men, which will control the meets there,
are: President, Scott Ennis; vice-presi
dent, F. T. Dwyer; secretary, J. T. Shee
han; treasurer, C. X. Goethe; historian,
H. Ten Bosche; captain, Georae H.
Roundly; first lieutenant, Lester Young;
executive committee J. A. Woodson, J.
M. A. Martin, Scott Ennis, Francis T.
Dwyer, J. McDonald. George H. Roundly,
C. N. Goethe, W. G. Todd and J. T. Shee
han.
The Chico meet has been abandoned on
account of the two dates given to Sacra
mento. 'The circuit is rapidly nearing
completion, and with Stockton placed for
a meet, or possibly two, the chain of
events will be well linked together. The
men will then get back here in time for
any indoor meet that may be held about
the end of March. The professionals wbo
will follow Ravlin and Sbater's circuit will
comprise some of tbe speediest men in
the business. There will be Loughead,
Ziegler. .Wells, McFarland, Stevens,
"Bob" Terrill and other lesser lights oi
the cycle racing path, comprising alto
gether one of the greatest aggregations
ever seen here. It is to be hoped that the
San Francisco public will be given a
chance to see them perform, either at the
Velodrome or at the indoor meet at the
Pavilion.
According to Dr. Abbott of the Massa- ,
chusetts Board of Health, the death rate i
from consumption is decreasing in a very
satisfactory manner, , especially among j
women. He attributes this to outdoor I
work among the people, and the healthy j
exercise gained from cycling.
Advices from the Chicago cycle chow ]
tells us that nearly every racing man of |
prominence now in the Fast will come to
California for his preparatory training for
the season of 1897. Michael, the Welsh
wonder, will come here to join Shafer,
Bald will come with his old-time trainer,
Asa Windle, Kiser with Stackpole, Gar
diner with Reedy, Cooper with Webb, and
Sanger, Dim Ingraham, Jay Eaton,
Will Coburn and a host of others. Then
we will see some racing. Spalding.
ROD AND CREEL.
The Opening of the Trout-Flshlnff
Season Will Not Be Altered.
Although it did not rain very much in
this City on Wednesday evening, reports
from Marin County state that the down
pour was general.
: There is no doubt that after the rivers
and streams which empty into the ocean
will become sufficiently clear of debris
matter so that a steelhead can see
either shrimp or roe, good sport will re
sult, as the spent fishes will then be on
their return from the spawning beds.
. Four weeks of fine weather will put the
Russian River in good condition for, fish
ing, and as it is a favorite stream of the
anglers of this City it is hoped that the
end of the season will prove as interesting
from a sportsman's point of - view as
marked the termination of last year's
steelhead fishing.
Lovers of stream* whipping will te
pleased to learn that the Fish Commis
sioners have withdrawn an amendment to
the fish law the purpose of which, wes'to
close the season until May 1. Had It not
been for the notices which appeared in
The Call drawing the a ttention of the
angling fraternity to the proposed change
in the trout lav.* the amendment would
certainly have passed muster and the
change from April 1 to May 1 would mean
no fishing in coast streams for the lovers
of the pastime who reside in this City.
The object of the Fish Commissioners—
Messrs. Babcock, Emeric and Vogelsang—
in desiring that the close season should be
extended -one month was to prevent, as
far as possible, the shipment of cutthroat
trout from Lakes Dormer, Tahoe, Webber
and Independence to this City. ;
It is a well-known fact that professional
fishermen have almost depleted some of
the big lakes in the mountains of their
finny inhabitants, and as April is the
month in which the largest shipments are
made the Commissioners .thought that by
prolonging the close season thousands of
(splendid trout would be saved . from I de
struction at the hands of a certain clique
of fellows who look only to their own
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1897.
.elfish gain, regardless of the results of
she fish interests of the State.
But when the Commissioners moved to
place a stumbling-block in the way of the
professional fishermen by amending the
fish laws they neglected to consult • some
of the prominent local anglers who are in
terested in laws that interfere with fish
ing in coast streams.
As the cutthroat or "Salmo Mykise
Henshawi" is the trout that is shipped to
this City from Truckee, the Commission
ers could very easily' have amended the
law by closing the season for the capture
of cutthroat trout until May 1, without
having to include all the varieties.
This would not be unconstitutional and
it would answer the purpose admirably,
as it is the My kiss variety of the trout
family that needs protection in the
mountain lakes of the Sierras. The trout
found in Webber Lake are said to bave
been planted many years ago by Dr.
Webber and that he took the original
stock from Feather River. They have
been commonly known as Feather River
or cutthroat trout. Independence Lake
contained large numbers of the same va
riety, but owing to the destruction of tho
male fishes by professional fishermen who
catch the trout by means of boring holes
in the ice, this beautiful sheet of water
is being rapidly depleted of its denizens.
T. B. Hutchinson, who is one of Eng
land's best authorities on fresh-water
fishes, says:
Trout-fishing as a means of recreation has. I
believe, more followers than any other kind
of outdoor sport ; easily followed, with moder
ate success easily attainable, no danger and
delightful weather, it offers inducements few
oiher sports can, and yet with thousands fol
lowing the sport each year very few know one
species from "mother or can tell a trout from a
salmon, and know nothing of the habits of the
fish. Of all the families of fish .at of the sal
monlda?, or salmon family, is most Interest
ing, and for beauty, sameness, activity and
quality of meat it stands pre-eminent.
There are ten genera of this family, but only
three or four are usually known as salmon
and trout. Oncorhynchus is the generic name
of the Pacific Coast salmon or Quinnatis;
salmo for the salmon and black-spotted or
true trout, and Salveiinus, the charr or red
spotted trout.
The nam have, with the exception of the
Quinnatis. been taken from the old European
names. The salmon of California differ irom
One of the Winners at the Last Bench Show Held in This City
ail the rest of '.ho salmon family in the fact
that the number of rays in the anal fin is from
fourteen to twenty, while in all the salmon
on the other slue of the Atlantic the fin con
tains no more than eleven rays. 'In other
ways the Pacific Coast salmon differs from the
salmon of Europe and is in fact a fish more
intensely salmon than .he salmon of Europe,
audit has been plated therefore in another
genus known as the Oncorhynchus. They are,
however, commonly known and called salmon,
and the Chinook name ot Quinnat is used to
distinguish them from the real salmon.
The settlers found in California the true
trout, black, spotted and silvery scale, closely
resembling the trout of Europe, but wholly
unlike the charr or so-called trout of the East
ern States. These they rightly called trout,
and several species are now shown.
California abounds with trout and all of the
native species are true trout. The trout as a
rule lives in the- streams and lakes, running
but not necessarily or always doing so. It is
easily told, however, when the trout has run
out to sea, or is a sea-run trout, because the
salt water destroys the black spots ami mark
ings and covers the fish with a silver sheen.
The large dark spots upon trout, or rather
dark lateral bands, are evidence of infancy,
and show the .fish to be young. The coloring
of trout is not a sate guide as lo species, except
in particular cases, and even the color of the
meal is not evidence of any value.
THE GUN.
Duck-Shooting on the Alvarado
Marshes Exceptionally Good.
To-morrow will be the last day of the
dock and quail-shooting season, and as the
weather does not favor quail-shooting the
sportsmen who intended to burn powder
for the last time this year in the country
will doubtless take the marches.
Wild ducks of the biuebili and spoon
bill varieties are very plentiful in the Al
varado and Alviso marshes, and it can be
safely said that hunters who will scull the
sloughs or shoot over lavorite ponds to
morrow will return with good bags of
game.
Spoonbills are also fairly plentiful on
tbe Sonoma marshes in the vicinity of
Black Point and McGills.
Last Sunday Edwin Ladd and a friend
bad good shooting from off the old Ala
meda bridge, which is within a few
minutes' walk of Birds Point, Alameda.
Ladd "downed" nine canvasback, which
be secured with a landing-net, the handle
of which was long enough to reach the
dead birds from the bridge as they drifted
with the tide.
A. W. Pope of the Olympic Club re
turned from Alvarado last Thursday with
forty-nine birds, which included spoon
bill, biuebili, sprig and teal. He speaks
very highly of the shooting now to be had
near Alvarado.
The gun clubs are getting ready for
trap-shooting events, and the smashing of
clays will be lively from now until the end
of the close season for duck and quail
shooting. Jills! I liX
BASEBALL.
The National Game Will Be Played
on Many Diamonds To-Morrow.
The Piute Indians will take another try
at baseball before they return to tepees.
They are scheduled to play . a team from
the United States regular's,' and as they
are their natural enemies an exciting time
is expected. WSB
Three games will be played . at the Pre
sidio Athletic Grounds to-morrow. At
9:30 A. m. the Calliopeans will cross bats
with the Calitbumpians; the Burnhard &
Co. nine will play a picked nine at 12 m.,
and tbe Dolphin Swimming . Club will
i play the South End Boat Club,
The following games will be played at
Sixteen th*l!rnd Folsom streets to-morrow:
I Between 9 and 11 o'clock, two teams from
| Street Department; 11 to 1, Orioles v;.
I National Guards; 1 to 3 p. m., . California
j W*~ie Association vs. Jacobi & Lachman;
3 to 5 p. m., Truck 7 vs. Eugine 25 of the
Fire Department.
V THE OARSMEN.
Busy Times Around the South End
Boathouse.
Threatening clouds and a little rain did
not keep the members of the South ! End
Rowing Club away from the. boathouse on
last Sunday morning. "Members of organ
ized crews, aspiring oarsmen and ; old
timers congregated at the boathouse and
discussed the club's chances of carrying
away the beautiful 'diamond medals to be
offered by. the committee having charge of
the Golden Gate carnival regatta.
The club's regatta," to take place on the
first Sunday in March, promises to be a
grand success. Much interest is - being
manifested among the new members over
the maiden barge races, in which three
crews will compete. Frank Burke, the
captain of crew 1, is exerting every effort
to have his men in the pink of condition,
and every evening Lis crew- take a five
mile run through the park to the Cliff
House. -
Archie Campbell, ; William Mead, Joe
and Maurice Pope, members of
crew 2. feel confident of winning, and are
talking about giving crews land 2 a handi
cap of twenty-live yards.
Among the other now members who
have displayed great skill at barge rowing
are Frank Reichline, M. Tiernan, Will
Fox, Joseph L. Campodonico and Edward
Rafferty of the Olympic Club. Mr. Raf
ferty was out last Sunday for the. first
time, and although Matt Breen, Jim
Pallas and Joe Foley, the other members
of the crew, set a "hot pace, tbe young
Olympian rowed from Hunters Point to
the boatbouse without a stop.
Charles Cutler intends to enter in the
junior skiff race, and will commence train
ing next week under the careful eye of
James Pallas. .
The new senior crew will visit the
Dolphins on Sunday morning.
Frank Duplissea| is - now in • excellent
condition and ready to cross oars with his
old-lime rival, William McCausland.
The following gentlemen are training
hard for the junior skiff race, which will
prove interesting, as all are experienced
oarsmen and are very evenly matched:
Ed Shortell, Ed Scully, Thomas Barry,
T. G. Fitzpatrick, Matt- Breen, Geor tt
Fox, James Foley, Charles Cutter and Joe
O'Day.
Amateur Athletics.
The High School boys are in strict
training for the following field days,
which will be held in February, March
and April at the Olympic . outdoor
grounds:
February California School of Mechani
cal Arts, at Olympic grounds.
March Lowell High . School, intorclass
contests for points and medals, at Olympic
grounds. From the competitors in this held
day a representative team will be formed to
oppose Polytechnic High School on March 27.
March 20— Polytechnic High School, inter*
class contests for points and medals.
March Interscholastic match between
Lowell High School and Polytechnic High
School, at Olympic grounds.
April 3— Academic Athletic League semi-an
nual track meet, in which wilt participate
teams from the fifteen schools constituting the
league. The first and, second place In this
meet will then be formed into the Academic
League team to compete in the Pacific Athletic
Association annual championship field day, ia
which will participate teams from Berkeley,
Stanford, Olympic and other large athletic or
ganizations.
Sacramento Sporting News.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 11.— The proposed
establishment of an athletic park in this city,
which it is claimed will be the nest west of
the Missouri River, is creating great interest
among sport lovers of the surrounding locality.
M. N. Wlnans, who is at the head of the pro
ject, is a driver in all that pertains to the for
warding of athletic sports, and will without
doubt carry the project to a successful termi
nus. It Is proposed to make an outlay of at
lecst $8000. $5000 of which is available at the
present time.
The park will be equipped with all facilities
for outdoor sports, such es bicycle racing,
baseball, handball, trap-shooting,' etc. There
will be a handsome and commodious grand
stand and clubrooros. shower baihi, billiard
tables, etc. ' The park will be inclosed with a
14-foot high, solid ience. The entire grounds
is to be lighted with electricity, so that racing
can be carried on day or night it so desired.
The postponed medal shoot of the Helvetia
Rifle Club will be held next Sunday. The
club has four classes of marksmen. On the
21st inst. the members of the Pelican Gun
Club hold their first live bird shoot ol the
season, open for club members only. On Feb
ruary 22 Kimball and Upson will hold a Sac
ramento Valley bluerock tournament, and
have presented a varied and valuable list of
prizes to be competed for; this tournament
will be open to all, outside of the San Fran
cisco 'crack shots. This will effectually bar
all those who are in reality professionals.
The Capitol City Wheelmen have lately
fitted up their clubrooms, establishing train
ing quarters and bathrooms, so that they now
have one of the best meeting-places in the
State. Jake Hirsch, Les Young, Charles Bauer,
P. Wilson, George Jackson and Walter Leitch
are training for the twenty-five-mile road race
to be held in San Francisco on | February. 22.
One of the attractions of the coming lood ex
hibition will be a home-training race, in
which the wheels will be set in rollers with
dial indicators. • It is not known as yet who
will take part in this rare, but the club has
promised to furnish a lull corps competitors.
KgJH RfTHEKFORD.
WILL SHOW FINE DOGS.
Olympic Gun Club Gains a Point
on the New Kennel
Club.
Difficulties May Arise Over tbe
New Shooting Grounds at
Ingleside.
The directors of the Olympic Gnn Club
met Wednesday in the clubrooms at 1309
j Van .Ness avenue, and discussed trap
i shooting, with reference to tbe new
grounds very soon to be opened at Ingle
side; received a delegation from a wing
shooting club and talked over the present
uncertain status of kennel club matters in
this City.
To-morrow the . Olympic Gun Club
will use its now grounds for the first time.
They are considered the finest trap
(-rounds in the West. The formal open
ing will take place on February 21 and 22,
j when the following programme will bo
carried out: ",.:••;*".-'■
FIRST PAY (BLUE ROCKS).
First— ls birds, entrance 75 cents; four
j moneys, 40, 30, 20 and 10 per cent.
. Second— ls birds, entrance 75 cents, $5
: added; five classes, an equal amount to each
| class. :
Third— birds, entrance $1, $7 50 added:
lour moneys, Rose system.
Fourth — 20 birds, entrance $1. $12 50
added ; five moneys, 30, 25, 20, 15 and 10 per
cent. .r . -j.--.-i
Fifth— lo birds, entrance 50 cents; three
moneys, 50, SO and 20 per cent.
Sixth— lo birds, novelty rules, entrance 50
j cents ; three money?, 50, 30 and 20 per cent. -
Class shooting and till ties divide.
.Grounds open for practice at 8 a. m. ','■
\ American. Shooting Association rules will
I govern the tournament in all particulars,
SECOND PAY (LIVE BIRDS).
First— l 2 birds, entrance $1 and birds extra,
$23 added by F. R. Webster; class shooting.
Three moneys— so, -30 and 20 per cent; ties
divide. . ,
Second— Freeze-out, $1 entrance, four men
last in to divide pool, and the final winner to
receive a handsome trophy given by- F. R.
Webster, a director ot the Olympic Gun Club.
In this event shooters will receive distance
handicaps according to their skill.
Such additional matches will be arranged as
time will permit. •;•: • ■>
Some little apprehension is felt by the
members on account of the location of the
grounds and • the ; objections by somt* per
sons to the use of live birds. San Fraw
cisco County has; it teems, a special ordi
nance declaring that such- shooting must
not be done within 900 ieet of a public
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 12.— -The baseball season at the State University may be said to have fairly begun, although
the preliminary games are at least two vceks later in being played than ordinarily, because of the recent heavy rains. Ac
cordingly, the regular work of training and practice has been delayed, so that the players have found it necessary to work
harder than usual in order to get into trim for the intercollegiate games. The interclass games for the championship of the
university are being rapidly run off. The junior-senior game took place last Monday, and then on Wednesday the freshmen
and sophomores crossed bats. The winners in these two matches, which are the juniors and sophomores, will be matched next
Wednesday, and on the following Saturday the final, between the winners of Wednesday's game and the dental college nine,
will be played off. About forty men have come out thus far to practice, and while come good work has been done by a few
new men, as well as by the old players.on tbe Berkeley diamond, it is altogether too early in the season to "size op" the
material on hand. It will be two or three weeks before any reasonably accurate estimate of the team can be made.
It is not at all improbable that a number of men who have not yet bad an opportunity to show their mettle will develop
into star players and completely outclass the candidates who now appear to be in line for places on the Varsity. Among the
men who have thus far come out there are: C. Elston, A. Elston, Ransome, Osmont, Foster, Dean, Son, Saph, Everett, Miller,
Baer, Jarvis, Simpson, Wilson, Budd, Foster, Blasingame, Young, Proctor, Hoag, Mott, Kaarsburg, Hall, Bonestell, Krug,
McLaren, Swan, Dutton, Chesebrough, Mem, Minor, Collins, Brounhton, Haven, Toland, Miller, Smythe, Belding and White.
Coach A. H. Cohen, who instructed the Berkeley boys in the National game, has again kindly consented to give his
services to the team. He has been over several times during the week ana at the two class games which have been played he
acted as umpire. Cohen is a veteran player on the diamond, having been a star second baseman on tho Harvard team several
years ago. As a coach he is considered a close rival to big Bill Lange, who is now teaching the Stanford boys tha science and •
tactics of the game. * .
The society baseball game of the year at the State University, between the football team and the Glee Club, will be
played on the Berkeley diamond to-morrow afternoon at 2 o'clock. A handsomely wrought souvenir score-card has been
issued and an addition has been made to tho grand stand for the accommodation of guests. The Greek Letter fraternities
will entertain their friends at luncheon and the entire afternoon will be turned over to merriment and festivity. Music from
the Glee, the Mandolin and the Banjo clubs will be sandwiched in between plays. "Brick" Morse, the erstwhile famous
athlete and all-round funny man, will pitch for the gleemen with Elston behind the bat, while Karrsburg will twirl the ball
for the fooDallers with Carr as catcher. For the Glee Club Smith will play first base, Belding second, Stringham third,
Chestnut short, with Knight, Wilbur and Taylor in the field. Hall will hold down first for the gridiron athletes, Bender
second, Ransome third, Simpson short, with Avery, McNutt and Sherman in the outfield.
roadway. The stands at the fine new
grounds are only about fifty feet from the
road.
Enough of the board of directors of the
Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Animals are leniently inclined toward
the Olympic Gun Club, it is believed." to
prevent orders for a visitation by Officer
Holbrook.
A delegation from the Pioneer Wing
Shooting Club conferred with the direc
tors of the Olympic Gun . Club
and it was practically arranged that the
Wing Shooting Ciub shall have the use of
the new grounds on the first Sunday of
each month. - 1." , . ;*.
The old Pacific Kennel Club having gone
out of existence and named the Olympic
Gun Club as a sort of residuary legatee
and successor in the business of giving an
annual dog show, assurances were sent
the Olympic Gun / Club by the St.
Bernard Club tbat it will not enter any of
its numerous fine dogs in any
dog show not given directly under the
auspices of the Olympic Gun Club. This
in itself is a strong indorsement and
means that the recently organized San
Francisco Kennel Club is not to be recog
nized without considerate opposition from
one of the most important elements in a
dog show. .*.<-.: .- ;
Until the American Kennel Club shall
have recognized either the Olympic Gun
Club or the San Francisco Kennel Club as
the representative dog organization of this
City the whole matter will remain in an
uncertain state. The next regular meet
ing of the American Kennel Club will be
held in New York City on February 24.
"I am not a member of the newly
formed kennel club, nor do I intend to be
just now, at all events."
This was the introductory made by H.
T. Payne to a Call representative who
sought some information from him
on the disagreement now existing be
tween the dog fanciers of the defunct Pa
cific Kennel Club, its successor, the
Olympic Gun Club, and the recently or
ganized San Francisco Kennel Club.
. "All I know regarding this disagree
ment." continued Mr. Payne, "is that a
good many breeders of blooded dogs in
this City have become dissatisfied with
the management of the Pacific Kennel
Club and, as a consequence, it has gone
out of existence, and simultaneously with
its death it created its successor by offer
ing to turn over its money, after paying
all its debts, to the Olympic Gun Club and
naming it as it 3 successor.
"This would be nothing more or less
than a revival of the old members under a
new name.
"Now, while all this was being carried
on about thirty men having the interest
of dogs of good breeding at heart saw fit
to organize the San Francisco Kennel
Club and send onto the American Kennel
Ciub in New York their credentials, ask
ing for recognition and affiliation. '
"The same has been done by the
Olympic Gun Club, and both have agreed
to hold a dog enow about the middle of
next May.
"Which one of those two will be recog
nized remains to be seen. On tbe 24th of
this month the New York Kennel Club
will hold its monthly meeting and in all
probability issue its charter to one of the
contending parties. '
"The San Francisco Kennel Club has
among its charter members the names of
such reputable citizens as H. J. Crocker,
Dr. D'Evelyn, John de Ruyter, John Tal-
Jant, Mr. Chesebrough, J. J. Baker, W. S.
Kittle, Mr. Page and a lot of others of
equal standing.
••Those men are desirous of forming a
kennel club that will not be a tail to any
other club adjunct and where all well
bred dogs wilt be afforded a recognition
according to their merit and will receive
prizes if entitled to them. .
" "It is claimed by men who have given
this subject some thought, that if a gun
club should be recognized as a kennel club
no dogs except hunting ones would receive
medals at the hands of the judges, and as
a result . none . other would be entered for
exhibition. .......
"I have no feeling in this matter what
ever, but I do want to see a kennel club in
San Francisco that will not be attached to
any other club as a sideshow. We have
good dogs in this City, and it is the pride
of the breeders of those dogs, to form a
kennel club on the highest standards."
THE ST. BERNARD CLUB.
It Passes Resolutions Condemning
the Action of the Newly Or-
eranlzed Kennel Club.
The St. Bernard Club met at 313 • Bush
street Wednesday and, decided id offer
two silver medals for the San Jose, Stock
ton and Los Angeles shows, to be given to
the best rough <or smooth coat open class
St. Bernard dog and the- best rough or
smooth coat bitch in tho open class.
The following resolution was adopted:
Resolved, Unanimously to support the Olym
pic Gun Club's bench show in every possible
manner, and pledges itself not to show a
single dog should the San Francisco Kennel
Club, recently organized, secure dates from"
the American Kennel Club to hold a show this
year in this City.
The St. Bernard Club commands not
less than 100 dogs, seventy of this number
being St. Bernards.
The members look upon the formation
of the new club as being a stumbling-block
in tbe way of the best interests of dogs on
this coast. ■.•,..
William Strachan's beautiful St. Ber
nard Beauty, which took first prize at ten
months old in the San Francisco
Bench Show in 1396, has thrown a
fine litter of ten puppies, all full
color and perfect markings. They are
sired by Thomas H. Browne's champion,
Grand Master, a noble dog. which has
taken prizes all over the United States.
Beauty comes of champion stock on both
sides. She is rich in color, her body being
orange and white, full white collar, breast
and tip of tail full blaze with black shad
ing. She stands thirty-one inches at
shoulder and weisbs 150 pounds. Judge
Mortimer spoke very highly of her in the
Eastern papers after the San Francisco
show. She is lamer than her mother, the
celebrated bitch Lola.
FARES FOR THE FIGHT.
Efforts to Get a $30 Rate From
the Missouri River to
Ogden.
_
A Rumor That the Rate From Here
and Return Will Be $16 40 Ex
clusive of Pullman.
Already arrangments are being made by
various persons who want to see the Cor
bett-Fitzsimmons battle for their trans
portation to Carson. It nas been fixed
that one Pullman train will leave here at
4or 4:30 o'clock on. the evening of March
16, the day before the fight.
It will stop at the racetrack in Oakland
and catch up those who cannot get away
from there till the . last minute. This
train is primarily intended for the race
track people.
Trains will probably be going thick and
fast about that time. But do the best the
__^ . NEW TO-DAT.
"I AM TI RELr^oF^DRUG*37 r '
Many Sufferers. Weary and Sick of Constant Drugging, Have Finaliv Tried
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt and Been Cured.
"" A RE YOU NOT TIRED OP OVER-
I^ r^gU^/^i^r^ < %!!-*>*^kli/,. " loading yoUr Door stomach with drups
mHW^^iiV'fF^^Wvh. £*L lCh baVe no KOOd effect u po*i vouT
«^«tpS-%S^%^S // a . hen you have faithfully stuck to a" cer-
g&£§*^ •fA f l, %£*i' ta,n system of treatment for months and
■*%&&. ..,;,. -^r-r,  * -%«**J2H months, and yet not derived any perma-
iMfgl o^l-r^f^fm « nt So°dfromit. is it not high time to
change? , This is only the experience of
thousands, and those who have a particle
. V- T^WSSaN "^^ >l of courage le/tjraiter the experience of
ii. .1 : ' poisoning the -ffomach with drugs have
Everybelt -JL" it has a paten* ad °P-ed as a last resort Dr. Sanden's Elec-
has an electric -^iM* 'Sulator for *; ' trie «'*- And it has not failed tbem, for
suspensory c^rreSf tha ---*•-» cured thousand-i who had not a par-
S«Whcare - -«ifi^ mild or tide ° faith 'mit to be in with, but only
weak. .ttvScc-^ Btron * :. tried it because they knew they must try
**!&* ; something or sink into despair. How
'T'.-^. grateful they are • for their cares can
.. he learned from reading th ir letters.
HE NOW PEELS SPLENDID.
DR. A. T. SANDKN-Dcar Sir- . Whon t Ssfi?. XTT ' San Bernardino Co.. Cat. Jan. 25 1897.
continual pain in the back soma i-nesXr »t,^ ou 8-*tyonr belt last December I was troubled with a
twenty years with rheuma'tUm « n ? Si™ e » clD '! up to the shoulder blades. I had been troubled for
thing that has ever ES£ nnv*n-eo and i' Lhin I? r my body * Your Kleclric Belt U t , Ue m ° 8 ' wo , nder * nl
feel splendid, and have no been troubled wtth^^ 73 l comMeil(l U. After usinff , it ° ne monil, X now
v .v, una nave ."" been troubled with a pain since I commenced to wear it. ,„*•*.
Ynn. .„„.. .v. Your* truly, * M. WALSH.
in the taking of noxlow dracl and w.?n i" your own case I 7 ™> w*>o have almost wrecked your health
you, who ure sick and deqnam'nJ ia^-«. have nt!irlj ' -«»- all hope of regaining he power of manhood;
tor yonmrif? lfis*S2 ttlli« Wort y °. UBee in these letle " which *c Publish dally a ray of hope
of Electricity, applied by in inidSn, nature t:lat appeals to you and offers to give from her ores
and manhood. "• J| " le ? °* an .■ intellijcent physician, Dr. Sunden, to renew in your bod/ hope, ; strength
lea.S'by ma«? 'Vt*mav l^S^L *' Thr^ ClaBBM of Men *" " -"> cannot call and lal,s: t0 Wl »-- '» to
-_ . *>. oc-uuu, . y ma-.i. it may restore your future happiness. Call or address .
t\k-> MA D v?^ DBN -in-r .-f*TB4r-««*T-i-F*t -rsn CO..
Offlca7onsSJ•« T ; , °PP°SITE PALACe HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
way; Portland 7»r J& sSt §. pM = Sundays, 10 to L Los Anireles Officg 201 South Bro**
iOTh -Mate »« ™ito£ 6hmg on stree*.; Denver. Colo., 933 Sixteenth street - *
, «vit.-Aial.enoniij,ta]. B in Uie number-© 32 Market sueew
«■■■
railroad can, it will not have Pullmans
enough to satisfy the demand. General
Passenger Agent Goodman said so yester
day, and added that everything was now
being done to get as many Pullmans in
from different places as possible, so that
they could be utilized.
No Pullmans will be brought from the
East for extra use, but the Pullmans used
on the overland will not be suffered to
lie here idly for hours as formerly. Every
wheel will turn, and to as much purpose
as possible. The Pullman rate to Carson
will be $2, and the same to return. Should
people go early and stay late, being there
two or three days, they will pay some
thing extra, according to the time the cars
lie at Carson.
The train which is to leave here on the
evening of the 15th, before alluded to, will
carry a diner, as will all the trains-
Eight different Pullmans had up to yes
terday been applied for. Douglas White
is organizing a party, and will carry a
diner along. Several other parties "are
being organized over the City. It ia
hinted, though not from the general
office, that the round-trip fare, exclusive
of the Pullman, between San Francisco
and Carson will be $16 40. If this is found
correct the rate would seem reasonable.
The other rate— is. from the East
has been definitely fixed as far as the
Southern Pacific is concerned.
"It has been arranged for a trifle over
one fare for the round trip," said Mr.
Goodman, "between Ogden and Carson,
by way of Reno. The distance is, in
round figures, 1200 miles. Now, if the
roads from Omaha and Kansas City would
make the standard $30 rate from these
points to Ogden it would make the total
fare but $65. This from Missouri River
points would make a rate to Carson that
would be satisfactory."
It is the general opinion that great
crowds, will go from the Pacific Coast to
see the battle, and especially from this
City and vicinity. It is more than likely
that many people will be forced to go in
ordinary cars.
Three Suit* for Kent.
Three suits have been filed In the Justices'
Court by W. F. Whittier against W. P. Fuller
& Co. The first is to recover $183 33, claimed
to be due for rent and interest for the Town
send-street warehouse, which is at Nos. 340*
350, between Fourth and Fifth streets, for the
month of January, 1897. The plaintiff sets up
that he is the owuer of eleven-twelfths of tho
land upon which the warehouse stands. The
second suit is to recover $114 58 for the rent
of the lot at 320 Beale street, between Foisom
and Harrison, of which the plaintiff claims to
own eleven-twelfths. The third suit alleges
that W. F. Whittle: owns eleven-twelfths of
the lot at 619 Battery street, between Jackson
and Pacific, and asks for $183 34 rent for
the premises for the month of January, 1897
The attorneys for Mr. Whittier are Lloyd and"
Wood. ,-■■,' •..--*■- • ■•■ .'■'■-GREEKS ARE NOW
READY FOR WAR
Members of the San Fran
cisco Colony Are
Preparing.
Keady to Start a Hundred Strong
■; at the First Notice From
Greece.
. A Committee to Raise Funds Has
Been Appointed and Is
Now at Work.
The whole Greek colony is more than
• anxious to make a flying trip "home" and
•join* in the prospective light with the
Turks. "Crete will be part of Greece in
side of two months," said an enthusiastic
Greek yesterday, "and inside of six months
Jheie will be no Turkish empire in
Europe. King George is not to be trifled
with and his son is a man of war. Prince
George is a personal friend of the Czar
and saved his life in Japan during their
tour of the world. The relationship be
tween England and Greece is well known
and the former will side with Greece
every time. li looks as though Greece
. was going into the war alone, but I can
! assure you that when it comes to blows,
Wit assuredly wiil, you will rind England
and Russia backing up the old mother
country."
Last Wednesday night the members of
Ihe Greek colony held a long meeting on
Montgomery avenue. The state of affairs
in Crete was discussed and speeches in i
favor of sending a company to the aid of j
the home country were given. Wiser
counsels prevailed, however, and it was
finally decided to raise money for the
widows and children of the murdered
Christians. A committee of ten was ap
pointed to raise funds, of which the fol
lowing are the officers: M. D. Vamvales,
A. Cosin, J. LHmitracopulos, P. Pandazes
and G. Stathopulo-. All these Gentlemen
Will be glad to receive subscriptions for j
the starving poor in Crete and will pub
lish a fun statement of the manner in
which tie money has been u«ed.
The younger members of the Greek
colony are not satisfied with the manner
in which the older heads have disposed
of the matter. They want war and war i
they will have. ''All Europe is anxious j
to get rid of the Turk," said one of them |
yesterday. "It remains, however, for
•Greece to take'the initiative, and when we !
are. through with the Turk it will be ail j
Greece and no Turkey. There are twenty
live of us ready to sail at a moment's '
notice, and I will guarantee that in a
week's time we can raise a company 150 j
strong in this State alone who will go and !
fight the battles of the fatherland,"
Some time aco a company of Greeks \
organized to sail for Cuoa in the interests I
of the insurgents. Offers of men from
Washington, Orezon and British Colum
bia poured in and finally the lists had to j
beclosed. All these men will now be sent
:to Crete. That is it the Grecian Govern
ment signifies its approval.
Subscriptions i:> aid of the sufferers in !
Crete can be sent to M. D. Vamvales and
other members of the committee.
DIED AT A FUNERAL.
tennis McCarthy Stricken Down While
Acting h- ii I'a. 11 bearer.
Dennis McCarthy was stricken by death
yesterday morning while acting as a pall
bearer at the funeral of a relative of his
•son. Thomas Murphy, the father-in-law
of McCarthy's son, died several days ago,
and the funeral took place yesterday in
tie Mission Dolores Church. Mr. Mc-
Carthy assisted in the r moval of the re
mains from 610 Guerrero street, the Mur
phy residence, to the churc , and as soon
•isthe castet was placed in front of tho
altar Mr. McCarthy stated that he felt ill
arid he went out to the sidewalk.
A minute later he fell unconscious and
was p'.aced in a back, to be taken back to
•6 10 Guerrero street, but he died in the
vehicle. Heart disease was the probable
cause. Deceased was a tailor, 75 years of
t'ge, and a native of Ireland. He lived at
310 Vallejo street.
RELIEF WORK FOR INDIA
Tbe Committee Issues a Strongly
Worded Appeal for
Assistance.
-Cf ngre:ss Asked to Grant an Appro
priation of $30,000 lor Freigt
age Expenses
. _
*
The work of relief for the famine and
plague stricken districts of India is busily
progressing. Promises of supplies are
still being received in great numbers and
the outlook at this time is particularly
. bright.
- At a meeting of the finance committee,
Abeld on Thursday, it was decided to push
7 the work of raising coin and subscriptions
. still more vigorously. Continued efforts
.* will also be made to induce the Union
- Pacific Railway to accord the committee
.- the same nrivileees granted by the Cen
tral Pacific.
A telegram was sent to Senator Perkins
requesting him to endeavor to secure a
Congressional appropriation of $30,000 for
the purpose of defraying in part the ex
penses of freightage. He replied that he
"woula do all in his power to secure as
. large an appropriation as possible.
*' . The following circular letter has been
issued by R. D. Perry, secretary of the
; relief fund committee, and by" W. W.
Ciark, who is an enthusiast in the matter:
. Those farmers who hold a larger crop of
wheat than they can easily dispose ol and feel
it a pleasure to give a portion of its additional
value to the starving and plague-strleken
bvople of India, should notify George VY. Me
'Xeur at his Tort Costa warehouse or here in
this City, and can then rest assured that such
gifts .-. they see fit to make will go directly to
the relief of these suffering laborers.
it Is the pleasure and province of our Consul
in Calcutta to take care that foodstuffs shall
he distributed where they will do tne most
good, and to keep a detailed account of his acts
•nd report them to us.
Here is a vast country in desperate need,
and in future -Acuths and years when the facts
• and figures of wee are written in blacic and
white none will regret the share he took in it*
alleviation.
Howard Must St nd Trial.
The Supreme Court decided adversely yes
.terday in the habeas corpus case of John A.
AHoward, the Oakland gripman accused of be
▼ *■•* an accessory to the murder of 15-year-old
Anna R. Johnson, who died recent irom the
effects of a criminal operation. Howard's at
torneys contended that the evidence was too
weak to warrant his detention, but the court
decided that the action of the magistrate who
committed him to trial was justified.
A Bottle of Evans* India pale ale makes a
™ a ° feel that lite is worth living, even
though there was nothing else. Sherwood &
fcherwood, Pacific Coast agents. *
A Committee From the Unemployed Called on Mayor Phelan Yesterday, but He Was Out of Town
The Un:mployed Want to Confer With Him as to What They Shall Do to Keep From Starving.
THE UNEMPLOYED
ARE ORGANIZING
It Was Decided to Establish
a Permanent Body
Yesterday.
A Deputation Sought Mayor
Phelan, but He Was Out
of Town.
Afterward a Committee Was Ap
pointed to So ie: t Subscriptions
in Money aud Kind.
Several hundred of the unemployed of
San Francisco met in the Turk-street
Temple yesterday afternoon to discuss
the question of immediate relief. It was
final. v decided- to form. a permanent or
ganization and to call upon Mayor Phelan
in a body, in order to lay the situation be
lore him and invite his co-operation and
advice. The assembly thereupon formed
in procession and marched to the City
Hall. At the Mayor's ollice they were in
lorm- d that Mayor Phelan was out of
town and would not be back until Mon
day. Another fruitless effort was made
to interview some of the Supervisors,
after which the men quietly dispersed to
meet again in the Turk-street Temple
this morning at 10 o'clock with the under
standing that a second deputation will
wait upon the Mayor on Monday.
Tbe entire proceedings were, on the
whole, characterized by the utmost order
and sobriety ol expression, though one or
two individual utterances verged on the
re volutionary.
S. A. Letlingwell was chosen chairman
and O. B. Wright, secretary of the mass
meeting. Tbe ways and means committee
recently appointed roponed that it had
failed to obtain an interview with Mayor
Phelan ihe previous day, and that Labor
Commissioner Fitzgerald, while express
ing his entire sympathy with the move
ment, had not deemed it prudent to attend
this meeting.
A Mr. Williams then delivered a stirring
address, in which he advised the unem
ployed to wait upon the Board of Super
visors in a oody. "Ycu will accomplish
nothing," he said, "by visiting the Legis
lature At Sacramento." Charity, he
urged, should begin at home, instead of
seeking a sphere of activity in foreign
countries. Society was bound to provide
for its unemployed, who, in the absence of
all resources, could not take care of them
selves.
Another speaker scathingly arraigned
the Legislature on the score of its solici
tude for the well-being of criminals at
Folsom and San Quentin and its indiffer
ence to the condition of the unemployed.
"Let us learn a lesson from our oppo
nents," he said, "and organize. In our
necessity we have the right to act lor our
selves and now is the time. Let no man
shirk. I make a motion that we go into
permanent organization."
The chairman declared that a similar
motion had teen passed the day before.
Which covered the entire ground of the
foregoing. Subsequently, however, he al
lowed the second motion to be put, when
it was unanimously carried.
J. A. Rogers, a carpenter and longshore
man, said he had been out of work twenty
days out of thirty ever since came to
San Francisco, and this was the condition
of hundreds of intelligent men anxious to
do something."
"Two thousand of us," he thundered,
"tried some time ago to see Mayor Ellert
to secure his assistance, and all we could
get was some canvas, which cost $50; and
the first chance be had he gave that to the
captain of the Salvation Army."
Rogers contended that it would be use
less to memorialize the Legislature, the
Supervisors or any other public body. As
an alternative he suggested that all the
deserving unemployed should combine
and endeavor to secure the contract for
the completion of 700 miles of the Valley
Railroad. A thousand men might divide
themselves into ten bodies of 100 each,
with one executive head, and obtain tools ,
and implements on credit from the busi
ness men of the City.
"The Valley road," he continued,
"would go our security for the toots, and
mercantile houses would furnish us all
the meat, bread and beans we wanted.
We could then take contracts cheaper
than Grant Bros, or anybody else."
"1 would like to hear," said the chair
man, "some proposition by which we can
get a dinner to-day." [Applause.]
A man named Foro observed that if it
were only a matter of getting something
to eat he would say, don't temporize, but
get it at the first available place. He
argued tbat the unemployed didn't know
their own power and that a united front
would soon bring both the municipality
and the Legislature to time.
These sentiments met the approval of
the meeting, and it was at once resolved
to march in procession to the City Hall
and interview Mayor Phelan. Messrs.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1897.
Swell, Rogers, Grimmer, William Collopy !
and the chairman were appointed a com- i
mittee to address Mayor Phelan on beualf ,
of the entire body.
, Colonel W. P. Sullivan, the Mayor's
private secretary, was in his office when i
the deputation entered, and he politely j
placed himself at its disposal. On learn
ing the object of the call he stated that
Mayor Phelan was at present visiting j
Stanford University, but would be back I
again on Monday, and would then, he
felt sure, be pleased to bee the deputation I
and give it the benefit of his suggestions. j
"Our position," urged Leffingwell, "is
getting critical. If the people whose pros- i
perity we have helped to build up have j
nothing to suggest we are helpless. We i
shall then be compelled to resort to the •
only means in our power to get something |
to eat. If we beg we shall be arrested, '
and that is all that can happen to us if we ;
take what we want."
"Couldn't we see the Indian famine ;
j committee?" quer.ed another with sar- i
; castic emphasis.
Colonel Sullivan said tbat the deputa
| tion might possibly rind some of the Su
j pervisors upstairs, so upstairs the crowd ;
' went and poured like a flood into the wait- j
j ing-room of the board. A clerk popped !
| out from the inner office and in accents of I
| consternation said, "What's this?"
"We are a committee of the unem- '
ployed," said Leffingwell, "and we want
to see some of the Supervisors or any of
i the committees now in session."
"There are no committees in session," :
was the reply. "If you want to see any
body you will have to go downstairs and
talk to the Mayor."
•'The Mayor is out of town," explained 1
Letlingwell.
"'ihat makes no difference," said the
clerk sharply. "There are no Supervisors I
here. You must get outside."
A wild and anxious-looking policeman, |
who had followed the crowd upstair?, said
that the board met every Monday at 2:30, '
and that the best thing tor the committee !
to do was to see the Mayor then.
The men thereupon dispersed quietly
and returned to the Turk-street Temple,
where after deliberation the following I
committee was appointed to solicit sub- ]
scriptions in the shape of food, clothing
or shelter for the relief of the unemployed
until such time as otherwise authorized I
by the president (Leffingwell) and the sec
retary (G. B. Wright) of the organization:
William Collopy, T. C. Kline, H. K. !
\ Townsend, J. A. Rogers, W. J. Moody. A !
l second mass-meeting will also be held at
' the Turk-street Temple at 10 o'clock this
morning. '
FUGITIVE FROM JUSTICE.
David C. Craig, Who Is Ac
cused of Criminal Libe ! ,
Now Missing.
i
H: Was Wanted in the Po!ice C.urfs,
but Did Not App;ar Whan
Called.
The angriest man on the water front
| yesterday was Captain Anderson of the
; Mail dock. He has been accused of taking
j goods off the wharf without permission
j from the company.-and his accuser was
! Night Watchman David C. Craig. The
j latter bad not a tithe of evidence to back
j up his assertions, and in consequence the
; company discharged him.
Then Captain Anderson had him ar
rested for criminal libel, and Craig's at
; torney went on his bonds. Yesterday the
' case was called before Judge Conlan, and
! the prisoner did not appear. Then Attor
, ney Percy Long asked for a continuance,
but Judge Conlan got angry and wanted
ito know where was the man at bar. No
! one could tell, and the whole matter was
; summarily ended by the issuance of a
i bench warrant for the arrest of the pris
; oner and the forfeiture of his bonds. "
1 No one seems to know where Craig is,
; but if the police can, find him he will be
i in court next Monday.
Captain Anderson is one of the best
' known and best liked men on the water
| front. As superintendent of the Mail dock
i he has made many enemies, but there is
not one of them who c-*n prove a case in
which he was unjust. When Craig'-* wife
was dying he personally went to the head
office and got him a week's leave of ab
sence on full pay. When the night watch
man came back Anderson told him to "lay
off" whenever "the worst came to the
worst." After all was over Anderson
! went down into his pocket and helped out
: the man who is now a fugitive from jus-
I tice.
, "I don't want to see the poor devil
; jailed, but Ido want him to tell his story
and, then I will have a chance to tell
j mine," was all Captain Anderson would
say in regard to the matter yesterday.
• » 4) m . .
-New Bureau of Information Proposed.
A mass-meeting has been called for this
afternoon at 2:30 o'clock at the Board of
j Trade rooms, 200 Market street, to consider
j thuadvisaiblity of opening a Bureau of Infor-
I mation at Los Angeles, where all useful infor
mation regarding Central California can be
i disseminated. It has been remarked that very
I many Eastern tourists visiting Southern Cali
i fornia return over southern railroads without
: coming lnt:* Central California, and that the
many advantages oi this section become un
discovered and a vahiablo advertising medium
] for the State is thereby lost. Hence the pres
| sent call to consider the project mentioned.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
BOTH CAME OUT
WITH BLACK EYES
Manager Mat Smith and
Actor Nat Wills in
a Row.
Lively Fight in the "Prcdigal
Father " Company on
Sunday Night.
The Wife cf the Manager Had the
Actor's Spouse Put in a Subordinate
Part, and the Result.
Manager Mat Smith of the "Prodigal
Father" company, which left this City on
Monday last, departed with a black eye
and a much-contused face.
Nat Wills, who played a leading part in
the comedy, remained in this City —
with a black eye and other abrasions — and
thereby hangs a tale of dissension that
nearly disrupted the combination.
Manager Smith has a wife and so has
: Actor Wills, and, moreover, both have
i been playing with the company.
Mrs. Smith, known on the stage as Rose
i Melville, being the better half of the man
ager and proprietor of the show, con dd
j ered that she had a right to expect better
| parts than Mrs. Will-*, who is known to
the theater-going public as Mile. Loretta.
! Manager Smith was inclined to keep Mrs.
Wills prominent in the cast, because of a
long standing friendship with her hus
band, hut soon after the company reached
this City Mrs. Smith prevailed and Mrs.
Wills, who was not the friend of the man
ager's wife, was given a subordinate part.
She bore her reduced dignity until the
last night that the company was to play
i in this City, last Sunday, and then came a
i rupture. Actor Wills in his anger made
remarks that Manager Smith resented,
and the latter, alter the audience had ielt,
called on his emp'oye for an apology.
"You will have to ask my wile's par
don," he said to Wills alter a somewhat
hoated debate.
"Not on your life," replied Wills, and
then some one let fly a trusty right and
some one else went down. The stories of
who struck the first blow are conflicting,
but at all events both struck several solid
punches, and when they were separated
the twain looked as though they had been
through a battle with Sullivan.
The Willses left the company then and
there, and Manager Smith will have to
cast some one else for the tramp before he
opens in the next town on his route.
Mr. Wills says he gave Mr. Smith a good
drubbing for an insult to his wife's repu
tation as an actress. Manager Smith says
that he gave Wills a deserved thrashing
for disparaging remarks about bis wife,
and iv the meantime the theatrical world
of San Francisco is enjoying a genuine sen
sation in its midst.
Mr. Wills and his wife have secured an
engagement with the Morosco manage
ment, and will open at tbat theater as
soon as bis eyes are presentable enough to
appear before a critical San Francisco au
dience.
THE POUND OF FLESH.
A Dupont - Street Broker Causes the
Arrest of One of His Patrons.
A warrtnt has been issued by Judge
Low charging J. W. Gough with felony
embezzlement.
Gough is a young man of high connec
tions, but he chose to associate with
i people with more business than senti
; ment. He purchased a diamond pin for
i $117, so it appears from the complaint,
| signing a contract with M. Rothschild, a
j Dupont-street broker, agreeing to pay
! $10 each month to -extinguish the debt.
After he had paid $30 Rothschild de
manded the full payment and the young
! man, beinst without means, refused to
! produce the coin. He had disposed of the
diamond and the broker swore out the
warrant for his i* rresu tfIWrAi'AWH
Burglary at the Mission. *** *****
Last Wednesday evening when J. W. Wil
liams, who lives at 11J<J Bartiett street, re
turned to hi* house alter an hour's absence he
discovered that the house had been ransacked
from top to bottom by burglars. The thieves
did not take time 10 iorce tue locks ot trunks,
but ripped open the covers to enable them to
reacti the contents. Ihey carried away consid
erable property and lett without being de
tected. | l^'^r^PfKmWf^'
Confidence In Ileal Estate.
Annie McMahon has filed a petition for the
probate of the will of the late James Quinn,
who left an estate worth $10,000, all of which
is devised to the children of the decedent.
The testator directs that none of his real es
tate shall be sold until five years after his
death, thus showing that he has faith in the
real estate outicoic ot this City.
WILL ORNAMENT
GOLDEN GATE PARK
Burns' Monument Will
Probably Be Erected
in 1900.
.
,
The Committee Will Push the
Work With All Possible
Speed.
A Most Auspicious Beginning Since
. the Movement Has Assumed a
Business*!, k • Shape.
When death's dark stream I ferry o'er,
A time that surely shall come.
In heaven itself I'll ask no more
Than just a Highland welcome. -
-Bunt
The fulfillment of tbis wish of him
whose memory is about to be honored by
those of his countrymen in this far-dis
tant land is now positively assured.
After a lapse of 141 years the Caledo
nian Club in San Francisco proposes to
have completed a Burns monument on
the anniversary of his birth, which will
occur on the 25th of January, 1900.
In speaking on this subject yesterday
Colin M. Boyd, presidentof the monument
committee, said: "Nothing that I can do
to forward this movement will be neg
lected. From the auspicious beginning of
the movement I see nothing to prevent
the completion of this undertaking by the
year 1900.
"We now have $'-'000 as a starter, and I
have every reason to believe that when
onr subscription-books are opened money
will come in from sources heretofore un
expected. Not only the Scottish people,
but those of every land under the sun who
love Burns for his genius will contribute.
"The memory of Scotland's poet is just
as dear to the English, Irish, Welsh,
Americans and Canadians as it is to those
who were either born in Scotland or those
whose forefathers first saw the light of
day in that country.
"Consequently we very naturally antici
pate that while the monument will be
erected under the auspices of the Cale
donian Club yet all will be invited to par
ticipate, inasmuch as the work will when
completed be an ornament to the people's
pleasure ground." '
Y. C. Lawson, the secretary of tbe mon
ument committee, who is employed in the
auditor's department of Well?, Fargo &
Co., is equally sanguine of having the
monument completed by 1800: He said:
"I must say that I consider it a great
honor to be identified with tbis movement
ami a still greater bouor to be made the
secretary oi the monument com
mittee. 1 will -do everything tbat
I can to assist the committee in the
carrying out of the wishes of not only the
Scottish people of this coast, but also ail
others of any and every nation that may
wish to co-ooerate with us. For, as I hold
it, every man or woman who has read
Burns' works will be delighted to see his
memory honored at this distant day and
in this distant land. , : ;*
"I am counting upon the encouraging
start which this movement has met from
its very incipiency and the assurance
of the receipts of the annual gather
ing and games this year, and each
year until tbe total amount shall be
subscribed for the monument and be
handed over to the committee by th** club.
St. Andrew's Society wiil give in the near
future an entertainment on a large scale,
the proceed* to be given to the fund, and
and it is proposed to hold a grand Burns
festival in the fall, which will bring in a
great deal of money.
• 'T see every prospect ahead of us of
having the work done by the one hundred
and forty-first birthday anniversary ol
Burns.
"The first monument erected to the poet's
memory was finished in 1815, over his re
mains in Dumfries churchyard, nineteen
years after his death, since which time
many others have been erected at home
and abroad, and it is no more than proper
for the people of California, and for that
matter the entire Pacific Coast, to show
their appreciation of him and his memory
by erecting a grand monument in this,
the far West." SffrSaEM
MRS. DIMOND IN ALI BABA
The Lady Who Shocked Honolulu So
ctety Is to lion Tights and Go
. ou the Stage.
The very latest is that Mrs. W. W. Di
mond,-who came over from Honolulu
lately on the same ship with Charles D.
Wilson, and who was ejected from a hotel
together with Mr. Wilson while here, and
who was sued for divorce immediately
upon leaving her inland home, and who
hastened back to Honolulu to make more
trouble for her husband, will return to
tbis City and go on, the stage in "All
Baba" and fleshling tights.
She has signed with A. J. Moore of the
Orpheurn and W. K. DaOey of the Oak
land Theater, and a company is being or
ganized for the production of an extrava
ganza. It is sdd that Mrs. Dimond has a
good voice and some talent as an actress,
and these, together with the notoriety
gained by her escapades, cause her to be
classed as a good drawing card.
Giraffes are f-*om 15 to 16 feet from the
ground to tbe tip of their horns. Speci
mens from 18 to 23 feet have been known.
raw to-dat;
ml I MW 25m27 Market st -»
ITU fi IAW Near the Ferry,
mi I H?fc 25 - 27 Market - St -.
■ Tl * * 11V-P Near the Ferry,
I offers goods to
I consumers or dealers at small-
est margin of profit consistent
with safe and honest dealing.
READ THE LIST:
Bib Overalls, Boys, 2 to 7 years. $0 23
Bib Overalls, Boys, 8 to 14 years 30
Overalls, Men's blue, to size 40... 45
Men's Wool Suits, Oxford, pray, ex.. 800
Men's Wool Suits, cutaway style 8 50
Little Boys* Fancy Suits, 3 to 8 2 73
Little BoYs' Suits, 5 to 13 2 50, 3 50
Big Boys' Suits, 3 pes.. 12 to 18 4 50
Men's White Shirts, uulatindried 35
Men's Wbi'e Shirts, laundried 50
Send for full list of Men's Wear.
Ladies' Stylish Jackets, dart colors. . 400
Ladies* Btyli>h Capes, dark colors ... 3 00
Out of style Coats, 32 1 00
Out of style Coats, size 32. dark 1 25
Ladies' Winter Underskirts. from 40
Ladies' ?l Underskirts : now 63
Skirls, wide corded, ruffles 1 00
Ladies' Sleeveless Undervests, 10, 15, . 25
Ladi Vests wi*b long sleeves, from 2i
Ladies' Heavy Vest-*, for winter, from 45
Ladies' Pants to match Vest.
Peaches, new table, fine quality...... 10
Tomatoes, new pack, 2Ji lbs... ... 5
Corn, excellent quality, warranted... 10
•Arbuckle's Coffee this week. 20
Cooking Oil, Lucca, bottles i*»
Celery Bauce, fancy Jars. Try it '15
Tomato Catsup, Vancamo's best..... 21
Raspberries, best, 1 It*, can 5
Rolled Oats, fresh. per lb 3
Tapioca or Sago, best..-. per lb 3
Macaroni or Vermicelli. per lb- 5
, Western Refinery Syrup, 5 gal ' 65
Cranberries that you'll like ,->
Wash Blue, small, sc; large bottles.... 15
Wash Blue, I oz. squares, imp l
Vu NEW TO-DAY — DRY GOODS.,
elWenTeaders
-£10X1.
THIS DAY ONLY I
TO-DAY six of our leading departments combine IN A GREAT
SPECIAL OFFERING OF SEASONABLE LINES at
DEEP AND UNSPARING CUTS IN PEIGESI
RIBBONS! RIBBONS! RIBBONS!
1 ~n— 4-INCH ALL-SILK, ASSORTED COLORS, SATIN AND GROS-GRAIN
J-"L» RIBBONS, will be offered at 15c a yard.
-5-INCH ALL-SILK, SATIN AND GROS-GRAIN RIBBONS, in assorted
»"^ colors, will be offered at 20c a yard.
HANDKERCHIEFS AND LACES!
Op— LADIES' WHITE SCALLOPED EMBROIDERED SHEER LAWN HAND-
y}J KERCHIEFS (slightly imperfect), regular value $2 40 per dozen; Speciai Sale
price 9c each. ..-..•
2~ 0 — BUTTER AND CREAM ORIENTAL LACE, 10 inches wide: BLACK AND
4'J\j CREAM GriANTILLY LACE, 4, 6 and 8 inches wide; CREAM. BUTTER
AND BLACK APPLIQUE LACE, 4to G inches wide; CHIFFON AND BA-
TISTE LACES ; regular price 50c, 60c, 65c and 75c ; Special Sale price 25c a yard.
LADIES' KID GLOVES!
7Xp— 110 dozen 2-CLASP KID GLOVES, embroidered backs in dark, medium and
I *f\j tan, shades, worth regular $1 a pair; Clearance Sale price 75c
<31 AA-100.!o>:en 4-BUTTON GENUINE FRENCH KID GLOVES, embroidered
«jp A* V v backs and large buttons, in light, medium and tan shades, also blacfc, worth
regular $1 75 a pair; Clearance Sale price $1.
MEN'S' FURNISHINGS.
1 Kp-66 dozen MEN'S FULL-FINISHED MEDIUM WEIGHT LAMBS-WOOL
S.tl\j SOCKS with double heels and toes, in vicuna, slate and tan shades, extra
value lor $3 a dozen; Clearance Sale price 15c a pair.
7Kp— dozen MEN'S UNDYED SANITARY AUSTRALIAN LAMBS-WOOL
tOLi UNDERSHIRTS AND DRAWERS, warranted thoroughly shrunk, extra
value for $1 25; Clearance Sale price 75c each.
HOSIERY! HOSIERY ! HOSIERY!
-J •? p— LADIES' IMPORTED BLACK COTTON HOSE, double heels, soles and toss.
a-'lsj onyx fast black, worth $3 a dozen ; on Special Sale at 15c a pair.
OXp— LADIES* REMBRANDT RIBBED FINE BLACK MACO COTTON HOSE
smO\j high-spliced heels and toes, Hermsdorf dye. worth 40c; on Special Sale at 25c
a pair.
XO= DAY! We are crowded or space in our Wash Goods and Flanne'ette De-
; i v-f lti 1 * partmpnts. To clear out a lot of REAL SWANSDOWN AND
Hi ENGLISH FLANNELETTES (these are the good grades), we shall offer 200
• 2sj pieces at a uniform price of 7>4c a yard.
£»- STORE OPEN SATURDAY EVENING UNTIL TEN O'CLOCK.
I ml LW MURPHY BUILDING, /
If {/ Market Street, Comer of Jenss, /
San FTsLxioisoo.
44 My complexion has improved, and I feel like a
new woman," writes the wife of a prominent real
estate agent of Philadelphia. "Not the new
woman of the present fad, but a rejuvenated
and physically regenerated being. I write to
thank you for these benefits. They . are a
result from the use of
/
RIPANS TABULES."
! — — — -J--
f™YRB¥AL PILLS C*/^^R"7iTf*£*il
jC ,(fr<\ ■*•*«. alw*j> raisbu. lcdics uk /%\ %\\Jf?tv &cV<f lTin* ? "V K -* <<^*^T?fr** ,j l g
Al<7l_yK*rl PnuiM Tor Chichester Bnqiish Dia-Mr\\ ■i. i W^» L fSesSf T ,,.„„ ... *>
tsfnlmV&jjJ&st^nl Brmd ia K«»<1 lad <•■< ' i me(»:::c\^fif *? dl^?** 2 -^ INJECTION. >
3^ rS^Y&i* o***0 ***- ««»'•<■ »lU> blue ribboa. Tsk* XST «! n FSF»EPH A fci f* fftlT* Ol'BT ?'
I <■» J*' la «***ot*r for pwticuiara. ■r«*i-aoni»lj ted ?9? tSa most otstlnate cases of GonorruffaandJ
V** & "Relief tor Liile*." inwtiee. returm <G!eet, f-".rer.t(*eii In frosi 3to 0 days ; 00 5
-•V _ff KuiL *iO,o«o T^iiiTso'-ieis. sa's» Faptr. re other treatment, renTilrcd, ana without the nun- *>
. IM^^r^h\^esi*TVkevslasii:a.,Sls<i\tau Sqasr^i C RCitlne refill! 9 of doslctj with Cufcebs. Copaiba*
stASmixa. Lt»-4 areccirtt. r-iIJ»U--. •ZorSii*d(i , .-V.o<;d. .l.Ferrft Ss Co., oiarccssorstoj
- ~ — ' — C i*rou\. Pharmacien. Ppris. At all drnpclscs. ?
*f"VWSr mm \s J "^r l^^M M T W W H ¥ '"SrHr^ffl WWWWVuJWVVWVVIrVW-i.VW-w'tf^^irJVVtAt-W*
I• M KSa Rlfll B l»l 5J B E tL2"a RI vl — — — — ' — ' — :
fl «■ || GQa OIVI B P/! >rV*3 ° § ff»J ° I |T ' \
•^fiuilwb' V Till *o™ Taro-,:, Pimples, Copper!^ WCifiUnK ii ffi9 S3 [4 I■§ i:--'."'-?)
r!«nA''E IUU -tiered trots, Aches. Old fiorrs.^B -.„,„ «_ .K. /» Bar Hgj St lw| '
HtKlllcorn In Mouth. n»lr-Vaninij! Write *LOOS.Si HIAIH OF XR7 I hi "©bS? aa ',-v ■ '&
«REH£9Y CO., 807 Hi-ionic Teaiilctej -.*-■«■.■ wi -*a^* urn -.„ -*s&r ■««
gKChlcntro, 111., lor proofs of euree. Capi-*^ ' The pur« essential extract frorri tho native drua-. Con-
Rtul. SsCo,oo<;>. Worst rmtum cured la . ICjH tains all the valuaijle'ir.edielcal properties of Opium
■Wto 'A!* diiys. 1 OO- ;>J"U**« book *Tr«e. £■ ". .ttao-it. 'ts noxlou.« elements. Ko sickness cf stoirit>-'*it
afe^lßKß^'J^A'^^l^^^'^ "*> Tom * --"g ; no i.i).l.i-.-.ii... ■no hfaUacha. All I'm.. i»ia.
\wSi49s\ REST9BEDSS
S X" <*? t^f ui'tf -**« & tioao: a >amous French physician, will quickly cure you of all He'-
ll Vs\ • /r\ ] \sl '■-". r*. T on 3 or diseases of the generative ornns, such as tost Manhood.
».N MstamJ V* tteM InsommavPaliisin the Back, Seminal .Emissions, Nervons Debility
¥h V isr^lk V '•CTk pimples, Ucfttness to Marry, Bxhaosting Drains, Varicocele and
fig \^ r V -/ Constipation. It stops all losses by day or night Prevents qnlc*-.
rgj -.. Xjfc*/ ness of discharge, which if not checked leads to Spermatorrhoea and
*S BEFOBt' •mb AFTER all the horrors of Impotency. CHPI.DKXE cleanse*; the liver, th«
saiacruKC. tN9 «ritn kidneys and the urinary *11 impuriUed. ««,*««.
mm rfPIOtSE strengthens and restores small weak organs.
• The reason auifercr-. are not cured by Doctors Is because ninety per c«"*t are troubled with
Prostatltla. CCPIDKJTIiIs the only "jno-'i remedy to cure without an operation. 5000t<'stimonJ.
ills. A written guarantee given and money returned if six boxes does not effect a permanent euro.
$1.00 a box, six for jaw, by mall. Bend for fb*s*s circular and testimonials.
Addresi UAVOi- MBDICIJN'K CO.. 1170 Market street. San Francisco, Cat For sale by
I -.*-■-.'- - iiKOOKa'. PHARMACY, 119 FoweU street
910
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMALY OF THE MARKETS.
Twenty-nine Fa-lures last week.
No change in Sliver.
Wheat Futures a shade steadier.
Other Cereals dull.
Hay in larger receipt-
Feedstuff's as before
Beans and Seeds neglected.
Potatoes and Onions steady.
Butter easier. Cheese unchanged.
Eggs continue to weaken.
Poultry weaker.
Apples, Oranges and Lemons dull.
Dried Fruits nominal.
Provisions quiet.
Hides and Wool as before.
Hogs continue to advance.
Beef easy. Mutton unchanged.
THE WEEK'S FAILURE*!.
Trie Rradstreet Mercantile Agency reports 29
f**i)urf*-for the Pacific Coast States and Territories
trr the week endtnc yesterday as compared with 28
!cr the previous week and 20 for the corresponding
* ecK 01 lfiSO. The failures are divided among the
trades as follows: 1 fruits, 1 drayman, 1 coal, 3
hotels, 4 saloons. 2 lumber companies, 1 book
blndlur, 1 tailor, 1 clothing, 1 music company, 1
teamster, 4 grocers, 1 hop-grower, 1 mllk-deaer, 3
general stores, 1 harness, 1 stationery, 1 butcher.
MONNEY ON HAM) AND IN CIR
CULATION.
According to a statement Issued by the Treasury
Departmental Washington, the amounts and de
scriptions of money in the United mates on the
Ist of February, 1&97, were as follows:
Gold coin $645,668,492
liver dollars. 444,978,3 i"l
small silver 76, 03,145
God Certificates 39,046,7 9
Silver certificates 372,015,504
Treasury notes of 1890 118.398,280
United States no:, 846.881,016
Currency certificates 65.515,000
National Bank no.c? 236,0t 1 4,662
Total - 602,079
February 1,1896 •2,208.071,9*2
Increase 5136,530,1;>7
Of lie to a: on the Ist Inst. $67*, 391 was In
the United states Treasury and the remainder was
In circulation, as follows:
Hold coin $515,468,129
Silver do. 66,361,136
Small silver  8H5.370
Gold certificates 37,686,62 a
Silver certificates 361, He, 533
Treasury notes of 1890 8.,73H,3d2
United States notes '26**, 486, 236
Currency certific-ies 350,000
Na lonal Bank notes 217,766,273
To' a! SI. 665, *>77, 688
February 1,1896 ;.„.. 1,589,7.0,607
Increase 563,'2')7,081
The amount of money in circulation on the Ist
was equal to $23 05 per capita or 68c more tn»n a
year ago, There has b en a net ease of over
$66,000,000 in the money in use during the past 12
mouths.
O Clear 3 Partly Cloudy
© Cloudy® flaw® Snow
Explanation.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top figures
at station indicate maximum temperature for the
days: those underneath it, If any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow In Inches and hundredths,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect po'n s of equal air pressure; Iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "hieh" means high barometric pressure and
Is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and Is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows" its-ally first appear on the Washington
coast. When the pressure is high in the interior
and low along the coast, and the isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain Is probable:
but when the "low is Inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is imp-fob
able. With a "high" In the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected In summer and colder
weather In winder. The reverse of these condition!
will produce anVpposite result.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
United States Department of Agkicul
tube. Weather bureau. Sax Francisco, Feb.
lit, 1897, sp. m. Weather conditions and general
forecasts:
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared wi h those of the same date last sea
son and rainfall durine the past 24 hours:
Eureka, this season 33 30, last season 24.73,
past 24 hours .38: Red Bluff 18.70, last
season 13.83. past 24 hours .20; San Francisco
io 76. lest season 12.42, past 24 hours .0:': Fres
no 7.91, last season 4.09, pas. 24 hours .02; San
Luis Obispo 15 03, last season 1?.25, past
24 hours .00; Los Angeles 11.33, last season
5.91, past 24 hours .00; San Diego 7.41, last sea
son 4.41. past 24 hours .00; Yuma 4 66, .ast sea
son .46. pas '-'-I hour*.oo.
San Francisco data—Maximum temperature 52,
minimum 45, mean 48
A low area is central to-night over the upper
Missouri Valley. A seconi .ow area lies off the
<■ atrt of Washington. During th- past twenty
lour hours there has been a rapid rise in pressure
over the Rocky Mountain Melon, aid during the
past twelve hours there has been a quick fall i
along the coast of Oreroa and Northern California.
The temperature lias fallen rapidly over Utah,
Nevada and Kastern California.
The following maximum velocities are reported:
Fort Canb** 28 miles per hour, from the east:
Idaho Falls 26, from the southeast: Lander 28,
from the northeast; Point Reyes 34, from the
northwest.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending at midnight, February 13, 1897.
Northern California — Cloudy weather, with
probably rain Saturday: continued cool weather
lresh southeasterly winds
Southern California—lncreasing cloudinees and
probably rain Saturday on the northern coast*
colder Saturday; light northerly winds.
Nevada—Cloudy Saturday; continued cold.
Utah—Cloudy Saturday; continued cold.
Arlzo-a—Fair Saturday; colder.
San Francisco and v cinitv—lncreasing cloudi
ness Saturday and probably showers: fresh south
easterly winds.
Alexander McAdie. Local Forecast Official.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, 111., Feb. 12.-There were no grain,
provision or stock markets here to-day—holiday.
BUTTER—The butter market was firm to-day
There was a brisk demand for a.l makes, but
fancy creameries were especially wanted." Re
ceipts were fair. Price* wen* unchanged
Creameries —Extras. 20'/ 2c; firsts. 18a 19c
seconds,14(iS16c; imitations, lancy, i;i@l4c. Dairies
—Exiras. 17c: firsts, 14fttl5c: seconds. 9<aioc
Ladles—Extras, llj*il2c: mats. aVittUVic; packm*
nock 8c; gr.-a.se. _y 2@3c; roil butter. l(j©]o*/«c
F.GGS-Recelpts weie li- ht. and the demand was
gcorl. The feeling was firm. Fresh slock sold at
17c "*4 dozen.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS. 111.. Feb. 12.-More
cattle have been coming here this week than for
tome time, and tha aggregate will reach 50,000
head, against 38,121 last week, 50,53:1 a year ago,
43,033 two years agj. aud 61,837 for the corre-'
-.ponding week three years ago. A fieri he recent
small arrivals there was a *ro9d demand and
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW york stocks.
WHEELOCK & CO.,
4 LeldeedorfT St.. Tel. Main 1054.
CKNTBA I. OFFICE
€23 Market St., Palace Hotel. Pur ly A Atkinson,
Manazers- Tel. Main 6144.
Uptown Office— Raid win Hotel (ad joining Grill
Room). Tel. Main 10 91. BBSS
PURDY, ATKINSON & CLAPP, Managers.
Orders instantly executed on latest market qno>
Utlons. Reference Ist National Bank, S. F.
CHICAOU PRiVAXi-; WLfttj. NiiYV XOiUL
prices for the small proportion of cattle were
graded satisfactorily ana remained firm. The
general run of medium half-fat steers sold oft 10c
per 100 pounds, and coir stock heid at about
steady prices, which were about as low as It was
possible for them to go. There was a good Friday
supply today, and with a fairly active demand,
prices were not altered much trom yes erdHy.
Karly in the week the receipts of hogs were
light, but they have Increased materially since
then and the aggregate supply for the weeK prom
ises to exceed the 167.C00 head marked last
week. The receipts for the corresp week of
l*-96 were only 129.238 hogs, bat two years ago
234.310 were received. Then* Is no tailing off in
the local packing demand and the hoes are read
ily taken. Prices show no material change from
week 10 week and fluctuations keep within a nar
row range. Receipts to-dar were moderate and
there was a good demand at stronger prices from
Chicago packers and r astern shippers.
With receipts of she?p averaging about 10.000
a day, which ii a good supply, compared with re
cent weeks and those of former years at this -ea
son, the off 'rings have sold well, and sb-ep aver
aged about 10c per 100 pounds h gher than last
week. Tnere vai an active and strong market
tod y.
CATTLE— Receipts, 4000. Fancy heaves, $5 30
©5 40: choice to trine steers. $4 90©5 25; good
to choice steers. $4 il'ftii 85: medium steers. $4 20
©4 45: fair beef steer-.. $4 00@4 10: common beef
steers. 60@3 90. good 10 prune Blockers and feed
era S3 85©4 25; common to good Blockers and feed
ers, *3 1 6©3 1*0: bulls, choice to extra, S3 50©3 70;
bulls, poor to hoi c. $2 (a3 •0. cows and heifers,
cnoice to prime, $3dl!©4 25; cows, fair to choice,
$2 65©3 60; cows, common to fair canners, ST 85
©2 0, calves, coud to fancy. $5 bU©B 25; calves,
common to gooa, $.i &o©3 76: lexa* ed seers,
$2 7&@4 30; Texas cows and bulls, $2 IC@3 50;
milkers and sprlugeis, per head, $25©50.
HOGS— Receipts, 28. t00. Heavy packing and
■hipping lots, S3 2&©3 45: common to choice
mixed. $3 30©3 oO; choice assorted, $3 46©
3 65: light, S3 35©3 55: pigs $3 25 ©3 66.
SHEEP— Receipts. 7000. Interior to choice,
J2 60©4 00; lambs, S3 50©5.
Receipts at Omaha.
COUTH OMAHA. NKBB-. Feb. 12 -HOG»-Re
celpta 3800. Market 5c hU-ber: advance
lost. Light and mixed, S3 25©3 40; heavy,
$3 1503 30.
CATTLE— Receipts. I*2o*l. Market firm. Steers,
S3 50@4 43; tows. $1 50@3 50; feeder* S @4 20.
SHi.tP— Receipts. 1000. Market steady 10 10c
higher. Muttons, $3 9a.
Receipts at Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. Feb. 12.-HOO'* — Re
ceipts, 12,000. Market steady. Light anl me
dium, S3 30©34U; heavy, S3 25@J37i 2 : Pigs,
S3©3 '20. "■
CATTLE— Receipts, 6500. Mnrket slow. Na
tive steeis, best. $3 30@4 80: fair to good. $3 25©
4 26; cows and hellers, best, $3 UO@M 60; tar to
good, $2 tio@3 00; bu.ls $2 40(g»3 .0; so kers and
feeders, S3 4U@4 -.'5; Texas am Western, 82 75
@i 96; calves, S»@l2.
hUEEP— Receipts, 300. Market steady.
DUN'S HEVliiiV OF TRADE.
NEW YORK, N. V.. Feb. 12.-R. G. Dun A Co.
will say to-morrow in tbair weekly review of
trade: No other event of the week approaches In
importance the disruption of the steel rail pool. In
two days after It a greater tonnage of rails was
purcbas d than the entire production lav year, re
ported at 800,000 tons, and Instead of 523 In D.*
cember and $25 in January, $17 Is now the price
at which works East and West are seeking orders,
the Carnegie Company even selling at SI 7, at
Chicago delivery.
The sa'es win employ many thousand bands
with an Important increase in the cost of track
laying or renewals to railroads. Even more Im
portant Is the result that reconstruction of the billet
pool will be Impossible as ion; as the contest over
rails continues an 1 he manufacture of steel bars,
rods, wire naiis, tlnplate and many other proJucts
has a chance to secure cheap n ater al. in the
near future also is the struggle between the two
great companies producing Mesaba lion ore, one
allied vith the Ililuol, tMeei, and the other
the < arueijie company, which is expected to bring
about lower prices lor ore am to push many mines
to their utmost capacity.
But In the war of rival Interests wages are al
ready red 11- ed by some laree concerns. Another
event of influence Is the purchase of 750 000 pieces
of print co hs by M. C. U. Borden at 2.56 cen s.
wnich has already caused an advance 10 2 69
cents, with a stronger tone for prints and cotton
goods. Tne moral influence of such a purchase,
manifesting confidence la the f J ture. is apt to be
great. As the contract to shut clown part time
many mills producing print cloths is going iuio
effect the productive caDacttr and wages of opera
tives will be for a time reduced, but If a item
of traders to rep enlsii stocks Is star, ed th« eff-ct
may be altogether beneficial. The woolen indus
try also meant an Increased demand for new an 1
mcd urn goods, and a do.-en more mills have
started against three stopping for Various reasons.
Speculation has hardly been more active than of
late, an 1 prices generally tend downward. Wheat
rosea cent on Tuesday, but has since declined
237 cents. Western recei ts are increasing, but
for two weeks have b»en only 3.191. bushels
against 823,213 last year; white Atlantic ex
ports, flour included, have bsen for tne ween
about a quarter larger tuau for last year, and for
two weeats 3.85*1,903 bushels against 8 868,125
last year. A bout every week some new specula
tive guess by somebody impresses many traders
more than the current records of actual move
ments.
The cotton market has been depressed In like
| manner by Mr. Ellison's estimate that ths Amer:
cau crop woull prove 8.650,000 bales but the
quantity coming Into sight has aso sarpa --d pre
vious guessei, and Indicates a larger < ro : > tnan
most speculators estimate. The curtailment ol
consum^t o.i In the mills is nut a guess, although
some overestimate since Drohably not more man
a flf.h of the spindles will be s oppea a third of
each week for this quarter of the year. The price
declined only an eighth for spot- but over a quar
ter tor the A. ay option. The money market con- '
tinnes easy with money a~i umu.atlng here
rapidly. Rates are not mote.lslly changed, but
Ci mmercial offer are unusually light.
Failures for the past week have been 267 against
321, and til against 68 In Canada
lOKEIUX MAKKKTS,
WHEAT IN UVKBPOOL.
LIVERPOOL, Ens.. Feb. 12.— The spot market
Is quiet at 6s6y a d'a6i 7^d. Cargoes are dull at
335, 6d, promp. shipment.
FUTURES.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations lor No. 2 Red Winter: Feb
ruary. 6s 2Mjd; ilaich, 6s 2-<id: May, Us id-
July, 6s 3?jid.
6ECTJRITIKS.
lOXDOX.Kxo., Feb. 12— Consols. 112 11-16; sil
ver, SI %d; French Rentes, 102f 671/2&
EXCHANGE A-M> BULLION.
Fterllng Exchange, 60 days. ' _ f 86y«
sterling Exchange, sight _ < fc'bVu
Sterling Cables _ 489
>ew York Kxchange, night '. — 25
New "» ork Exchange, telegraphic — 27/-2
Fine silver, per ounce — n'.'
Mexican Hohars . _ t,f^
PKODUCE MAfiKET.
WHEAT AMJ OTUES GRAIXg.
WHEAT— Futures recovered slightly, but spot
Wheat was neglected at nominal quotations
Quoted at SI »o©i 36 * ctl for common grades
fl 37% for average So. 1, $1 38">iffil 40 ■ ctl
for choice ana $1 45©1 60 * ctl for extra ciiolce
milling.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal *"fssion-9:!5 o'clock— May— 4000
Ctls, SI 32; 14,0 o.s 1 32Vi: 14,000. SI 32* A
Si-CtiND session— Dece., 2000 cUs. *1 191A
-4000, $1 19. May_6UUo,Sl 32%: 12,000 ' SI ii3 *>
12,000, SI 326. 8 . /a ' '*"-** > '-/4'
Regular Moknino Session— May— 6000 ctls
$1 32%: 4000, Si 3214: 4000. SI S-S/, '
Afternoon s-ebsion— May— 6ooo ctls, SI 82 U.
8000, *1 32%; 20,000, $1 328^. •*■«■-/•*•
BARLEY — Nothing new whatever. Feed, 76©
80c '♦» ctl; Brewing, 87"^.@92%c "0 ctl.
CAM. BOARD BALES.
Informal JSK&sion— 9:l6 o'clock— No sales.
Second SKRsioN-— .May— 2ooo ctla, 77vic. De.
cemner— '2ooo, 77W.c: 8000. 77*}4c.
I.EGt'LAB .Mornino *-x»siON— May— 2ooo ctls,
77c.
Afternoon Session-— May— 2ooo ctls, 77*^c*
2000, 77% c: 2000, 77»/aC December-2000, 78*^c!
OaTS — Quiet and unchanged. Fancy Feed
are quotable at $1 i7l &m 45 "ft ctl: Common
While, $lffil 10: choice, »1 !6(gl 85. according to
quality. Black for feed, 95c@*fl 05: lor seed, SI 10
©1 25; Gray, $1 16@l 30; Red. CI lOlffll 20; sur
prise. $1 45@1 56 "jj* ctl.
CORN Prices show no further change. Large
Yellow, 75@80c; Small Round do, 90c: White
77%@ti0c •#■ ctl.
RY is— Weaker and neglected at 85<S90c Sett.
BUCK WHE Al — Quoted at SI 15@l 25 ""i oU.
FLOCK AND MTLLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras,
*4 Bbftt;4 95; Baker*' extras. $4 75©4 85; Super
hue S4&l 35 t*. obt.
CORN.MEAL, ETC.— Feed Corn, JEl7@l7 60-
Cracked Corn. *"17 50*18 "j* ton. '
MILLSTUFFS-Prlces in sacks are as follows.
usujl discount to the trade: Graham Flour *2 85
V 100 ibs; Rye Flour, $2 75 ft 100 fbi- Rice Flour
$5 76: Cornmeal. 82 35; extra cream do. S3-'
oatmeal, S3 sO: Oat Groats. *4; Hominy 83 10
<8,3 30: Buckwheat Flour, S3 2a@3 50- Cracked
Wheal. $3 50; Farina $4; Whole Wheat Flour
$3: Ro:led Oats (bbla), $6 f.o@s 90; Pearl Barley'
$3 7",©4; Split Peas, $3 50; Green do, $4 25 «i
ICO lbs. v
HAY AND FEEOSTUFFS.
Receipts of Hay are larger, which keeps the mar
ket weak. :.':"'•'.
BRAN— SI3JBI3 60 for the best and f12@12 60
S* ton for outside brands.
MIDDLINGS— »IB 60-Jl9 60 for lower trades
and $20(g,21 %l ton for the best.
FEEO-sTUrFS — Rolled Barley, $17 60@18-
Oilcake ileal at tbe mill, $26 50 V ton; lobbing.'
$27 60: clipped Oats. $1 30(01 60 "ft ctl.
HA V— Wheat, Stroll; Wheat and Oat, $7(a
10: Oat, $*~@9: Barley. $7@B 60; River Baney,
$5@6 60: Alfalfa. *6@7 6u; compressed, $b(tß
9 50; stock, $5@6: Clever. $6«8 %* ton.
bTRAW— 26©SOc "ri bale.
BEANS AND SKKDS.
Everything under this head Is dvi:.
BEANS _ Bayos, $1 60©1 -00 ' "ft cU*.- Small
Whites,*!. 16(fAl 25* ctl: Large Whites. *Tfsl 15 a
ctl; Pinks, $1 10(jftl 26; Reds, «1 10@1 20: Black
*?&** I 0 1 16: Hed Kidney. $2 50: Llraas, $1 70
©1 90: Butters, $1 26©1 50; Pea, «l 15@1 30.
, isfcECb— Brown Mustard, $2 5U©2 76; Yellow
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1897.
Mustard, SI 75(32 fl ctl: Flax, $1 35©1 40- Canary }
seed, I**4®2'/4C r lb; Alfalfa, 6 Vie: Rape. 2"/ ©
23 /4 c: Hemp, be; Timothy. 4V<jC.
DRIED PEA-i— Niles, «I®l 20 '•*• ctl; Green,
81 4031 50"^ ctl.
POTATOES, 1.M0.N-, VEGETABLES.
Prices range about the same, though new Pota
toes are hi -her.
POTATOES— New Potatoes, 4c *§» lb; Sweet
Potatoes, SI 26@1 76: Early Rose. 75®85c: River
Reds.7s®Bf>c; Burbnnk seedilnes, 75®boc "ft ctl lor
Rivers, 90c©Sl 10 lor balinas and 7r.@9oc for
Petalumas; Oregon Burbauks, 85c@Sl 10.
ONIONS— SI t>o@2 f ctl: Cut Onions, 75c©
$1 '26; Oregous, S2ig,2 25.
VEGETABLES— Hothouse Cucumbers. 60c@$l
9 dozen: Asparagus. K®-6c *"■. lb: Rhubarb,
9- f> box: Los Angeles Summer Squash, 75c
®$1 9 box: Los Angeles tureen Peppers, 40©
60c: Mushrooms. 10®20c ty lb; Marrowfat squash.
Ss©« 9 tun; Los Angeles Tomatoes, 60c@Sl "*
box: Dried Pepper**, 7®«c f lb: Kit: l'lan ,
%* lb; Green Peas, 2®bc 9 lb: Los Angeles
String Beans. 6(<tloc; Dried Okra, B©9c f JL; Cab
bage, 40@50c V ctl; Carrots, 25©30 c: * sack; Gar
lic, lVa©2c ty lb.
BUTTEK, CHI.KSK AND EGGS.
BUTTER— The market shows easier symptoms
again.
Creamery— Fancy Creameries. 2i@22c; sec
| onds. 18(g, 19c ty lb.
Dairy— Fancy rolls, 15@16c: squares, 17c V lb:
good to choice. 13©14 c; lower grades, 10® 2 ! -';.
PICKLKD— I3@I4c ir* B> for old and 17©lbc ior
new
Firkin— l3@l4c %* lb for old and 17@18c for
new.
Creamery Tub— l6@l7c*p lb.
CHEESE— Is quiet, Choice mild new quotable at
10c "£ lb: common to good old, B®9c f lb;
Cream Cheddar, ll@l2c V tt>; Young America,
lie; Western, ll®12c: Eastern. I4@l4VsCty ft).
EGGS— Another decline is noted, stocks of East
ern arealmosl exhausted. Ranch Eggs, 14@16c:
store Eggs, l'2@l3c; Luck Eggs, 18c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY- Is weak and some kinds are lower.
Live Turkeys, 13c ty lb for GobDlers. 13©
14c « fb for Hens: Dressed Turkeys, 14tf 15c f tb;
Geese. ***. pair, $1 50®1 76: t-oslines, $2 50®3;
Ducks, S4 ft)®"* 50 for old and $6®7 for young:
Hens, S3 5i,®4 60: Roo-ters. young. $5® 6 60;
do. old, $4: Fryer-. *5©5 60; Broilers. (4 &6®5 for
large and 93 60®4 for small: Pigeons, S2©2 60
ty doz Tor young and Sl©l '26 for old.
GAME— English .-nipe are quotable at $2 50@3;
Jack Snipe, V dozen: Hare, $1 : Rabbits,
$1 50 for Cottontails and $I©l 25 lor small; Uray
Geese, $2 60; White Geese, SI; Brant, $1 50; Honk
ers. S3 50©*.
DECIDUOUS ANL» CITKUS EKUTT3.
Apples, Oranges and Lemons continue quiet.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 60c©*l ty box tor choice, SI 25@1 35 for
funcy Red, 60&75 c for common; Eastern, SI 60
©3 ty bbl.
BERRIES—
Eastern Cranberries, 56@7 ty bbl.
CiTRI FRUITS — Navel Oranges are quot
ab.e at »2@2 76 V box; Seedlings, «I@l 26 ty box;
Lemons, 76c®*" i 25 for common and $1 60@2 for
good to choice; Mexican Limes, Sa®s 60: Califor
nia Limes. SI 50©: 75; Bananas, $I©2 $ bunch;
Pineapples, S2@l «* doz.
DEIEU fruits, i:aisin*s, NUTS, ETC.
Not much trade In any description.
DRIED FRUlTS— Quotations on the Fruit Ex-
Change are nominally as follows:
i arload lots— Apricots are quotable at 6©9 c
for Royals and 1 l"/"!©12c for choice to fancy Moor
parks: Prunes. MtS*A« 'or the 4 sizes Peaches,
| 4®s*y(jc for prime to choice, 6V**©7c tor fancy and
9®'oo for i eeled In boxes: Apples. 5@"»V«~2 far
! evaporated ami -®2V:jC for "tin-dried: Pears, "Vi
©5c for prime to choice. 4©sV*?c for quarters ana
j b©6"^c for halves: Plums, -te'for pitted ana lV a c
fo.- uu'pitted: Nectarines. 3Vi®4V<jC for choice and
I iVfec tor fancy: \V..li« Figs, 3c; Black Figs, 2 V*
(c.2"i
I Joßßixn rßicits— Peaches, 4*/i@' , V'*<* ty lb:
fancy, 3 ®7 1 2C ty lb: peeled. 12V**"-' ty lb. Apri
! cots, 6VV©llc ty lb. nancy, 10c; Moorparks, 12®
j 13c; evaporated Apples. 6"/ic; suti-dru-d. 2»4@3c:
| Prunes. 3Vjc for the 4 sizes; Figs, black, 3c for
| impressed una 3©3V^c for pressed: white Figs, 4o:
; Plums, 4Vt-®6c for pitted and l"/j>c for unpltted;
| Nectarines. •i(abc # lh for prime to fancy; Pears.
j 2y 2 ®sc for whole, 4Vs®6Va« for UQarters and
4i-.tii6*/«c for halves.
I Kaisins
| Carload Pricks — Four- crown, loose, fia/gC;
! three-crown, 4S' c f lb; two-crown, S"*/ 8 c ty lb;
i seedless Hultantu, s"^c; seedless Muscatels. 4&/3 C;
I three-crown London layers, 91 16: clusters, CI 60;
' l.t-hesa clusters, $2 60; imperial clusters, S3;
| dried Grapes. 3c 71 Ox
Jobbing Pricks— sax Francisco— Four-crown,
lcose, s*',ic: 8-crown, 4*54 c; 2-crowu, 3"i4c: seed-
I less Su. tanas, s"*4c; seedless Muscatels, 4' 2 c;
■ 3-crown i.011.1011 layers, SI 25: clusters, SI til);
; Dehtsa clusters, 62 75: Imperial clusters, S3 25.
NUTS— Chestnuts quotable at h;<llt)-: walnuts,
I "JVa®7c ty a, tir b t» U oard and 9(6,9i<|C "pi lb for
j eoitsheli: Almonds, t'-wio 1 .- for Lauguedoc, 3®
, 8V 2 c for bardshell and *>£9c *« lb for paper shell;
1 Peanuts, 4((*;6c ty lb for I- astern ana 4c for Call
, iornla; Hickory Nuts, &®6c V fb; Pecans. ly*(A
' fee t« tb; filberts, 7y 2 @Bc: Brazil Nuts, 7%®Sc:
Cocoauuts, S.-.kj ;> 50 %> 100.
HONEY— Comb. lC(g,l2y a c for bright and s<s9c
j for lower grades: water-white extracted, 6itf.ii/3C;
! light amber extracted 4Vi©4"<4c; dark amber,
1 4®4Vsc: dark, ViaSr ty ft,.
BEESWAX— * fb.
provisions.
The market continues dull.
« I'RKD MEATS— Bacon, 6c ty lb for heavy, 7c
ty lb for light medium, 9" .' c for light, 10c ty fb tor
extra light and ll"/ 2 cty lb for sugar-cure! East
ern sugar-cured Hams, 12@12y 2 c: California
Hams, 10t^lO*Ac: .Mm Beef, $7®7 60: extra
! mess do. ista.B 60: family do. *9 o0@10: extra
J pilmo I'ork. $7 60 © 8: extra clear, 916 it DO:;
i mess. $14 ty bbl: smoked Beet lUc «* fb.
LARD— Eastern, liercei. Is quoted at OVjC for
I compound and 6©6y 3 c for pure: palls. 7c: Calll
forula tierces, 6©iVjr «« lb for torn (.on nd and 6V4C
for pure: haif-btiis, o 4 c; lU-Jb Hi. a, 7C 4 c: do, 6-lb,
7V c "-?, (a,
CuTTuLENE— 6®6Vic In tierces and 7*Jattß»,«c
in 10- tb tins.
HIDES, TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CaIIs and Drands sell lc
nnder sound stock. Heavy salted steers, 8c "fl fb:
I medium. 7c: 11.-ht, l@6VzC: Cowhides, 6®OV-iC'.
] Baited Kip. 6c ss Hi: salted Calf. 7(&8C: saned
j Veal. Pc: dry Hides. 12"^.©13c.: culls and brands
I 9"/a®loc %* lb: dry Kip and Veal.9g»ioc: dry Calf,
j 15c; culls. 10c; Goatskins, 2l>tt3sc each: Kids.
I sc; Deerskins, good summer, 2Lc 't*. tb: medium,
I 20c: winter, 10c; Sheepskins, enearlings, 10©20 c
I each; short wool, 26®35c each; medium. 30®46c
I each; long wools. 40®60c each.
TALLOW— Na 1, renden-d, 3531,4 c; Na 2, 2Vic;
I rctiiied, Ie; Grease, 2c '& lb.
WOOL— We quota Fall Wool as follows: Free
1 northern, 7@BV*2C 9 lb: middle counties, free, 5 y 2 @
i 7c: do. defective, 2 ®6c: San Joaqain, 3©&c; uo,
1 foothill, 6®7c: Eastern Oregon. 7©loc; Valley
Oregon, fall and lambs', 10©llc fl lb
Hop — 6,3,0 c tor lair to choice and 9910 c»t lb
1 tot fancy.
GENERAL MUKCHAXDI'E.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, spot, sc; Jnne-
July delivery, 6c; San Quentin, $4 75; Wool
Bags. 24Vi@26V<jC.
COAL— A local circular «ays: 'During the week
there have been 10 arrivals from the Coast col
| lieries with 24,110 tons of Coal, nothing from any
I foreign port. It should he encouragiug news to
our northern mines to know thai tie total amount
I of Coal 10 arrive here In the next 60 days from
{ Australia and England win not exceed 17,000
j tons; with less than five days' actual consumption
from foreign sources, to the middle of April, ship
ments from British Columbia and Washington
I will be In deman 1 next month. Advices just at
! band from Australia state there are but few yes-
I sels loading and tonnnga Is scarce. Quotations are
I unchanged and business Is fair, although there Is
j an eash.g off in domestic orders since the weather
1 has become settled. Seatt'e and Coos Bay ship
ments bave been fiudlug ready sale from ship's
) side, thus dividing the expense ot yarding same.
] Coal freights trom Oreat Britain are reported firm,
hence but few engagements are being made From
I Sydney and Newcastle they are also quoted steady
I for early loading and somewhat lower for later de
-1 liveries. As there have. been larje contracts made
for forward delivery, very cheap freights cannot
be anticipated. As the Committee on Ways et
Washington is making very rapid progress prepar
ing their tariff report, it U anticipated that Coal
will be reached very shortly."
Wellington is quotab c at $3; New Wellington,
SH ft too*, southtield Wellington, $7 50 i» ton;
Seattle, $5 60: Br van., 85 60: Coos Ray, $4 75;
Wallsend,g6 50*. scotch. : Brynit'o. ; Cum
berland. $13 50 in bulk and $15 in sacks: Penn
sylvania, Anthracite Egg, *till@l2 V ton: Welsh
Anthracite. $8@10; Cannel. $8 "ft ton; Rock
t-prings, Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley, $7 60-
Coke. Sl Kfol2 in bulk and Sl3 "£ ton in ska
RlCK— Chinese mixed, $3 bo@3 55; No. 1,5376
@3 90 V ctl: extra No. 1, $4 lo©4 30: Hawaiian.
js4 25@4 :i;i /2 . Japan. $3 90©4 50.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Company
quotes, terms net cash: Cube and Crushed, 5". c;
Powdered, 6c: Fine Crushed, &Vjc; Dry Granu
lated, 43/ c: Confectioners' A, 43/ c; Magnolia A,
4c; Extra C, 3%c: Golden C, 3a /4 c: halt barrels
j Vac more than barrels, and boxes y 2 mora .
SAN" FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs continue to advance. Beef Is easy. No
change in Mutton.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality. 6c: choice, 6 y 3 c; second,
6&51/2 C: third do, 4©4>/-c ""* tb.
VEAL— Large, 6@7c; small. 7@Bc t% lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 6"ri@7c; Ewes, 6®6"Ac
f, lb.
LAMB— Spring, 10®121/ 2 cf. lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, t"yß®*"*«2C*r" lb for large and
3(^93*40 for small and medium; dressed do, 4s- 4
©bet- lv
RECEIPT-, OF PRODUCE.
fOR '-'4 HOURS.
Flour, fjr sks.... 27,272 i Suiter. ctls...^. 167
Wheat, ctls. 4 **54 Cheese, ctls.. . .119
Farley. cils...„ . 14,310 li res. cos "" 15 300
Beans, bus 900Hldet.no .-• **0
Corn, ctu 05 1 Pelts, bdls. ..'.... 156
Eastern 2,310 Wine, gals 20,800
Oats, ctls. 420 Quicksilver, Qui 40
Potatoes, ales 2,751- Wool. bi* 39
Unions, 50... .„ 537 Australia 843
Middlings, sas... 817 Leather. ro.is.„. 27
Bran. sks... 4.200 Tallow, ctls.. .... 242
Hay, tons _' 815 Lime, bbls - 162
a
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
Eggs are cheaper again. No change In Butter.
Turkeys are lower. Meals are unchanged.
Fruits and Vegetables are about the same. •
Following Is Ths Call's regular weekly retail
price list:
fTIATL— PKtt TON.
Cannel...... —©10 00 1 Castle Gate, 160(5)10 00
Wellington. —-©10 00 PleasantVal 9 60®10 00
New Wet- -ion th field
lington.... —©10 00 1 Wellington — @ 950
battle 7 60© —[Coos Bay.-- —iff 676
daisy PEODncr. «-r<-.
Butter, fancy, V Cheese, Eastern... lf>©2o
BQuare 46©50 Cheese, Swiss... 20ff130
do, I*l roll 3&r<zi4o Common Eggs 16© —
do. «*o°d-..~.-.. -(431) Ranch Uggst»dz...2o(« —
Pickled roll so® - i Honey, comb, TjHb.l2©ls
*'» *' , '• -- -©30 do, extracted.... 8©1:*
Cheese, Cau 12@15
MEATS— PKR PODNP.
"""•con 12®17Pork, fresh 12(3115
Beef, choice 12©15 Pork, salt 10®12
do, good 8&10 Pork Chops 12©15
Corned Beef. B©— Round Steak B©lo
Ham. Cal 12V B ©ls Sirloin Steak... -
do, Eastern. 15®'.6 Porterhouse, d 0... 17 ©20
{7*™ - 12©15 Smoked Beef —©15
Mutton B©l2 Pork Sausages — —©20
spring Lamb 1&©20 Veal lo©l6
POULTRY AND OASfK.
H*>ns.each {JO'S 60 Ducks, each... 60® 75
loung Boost- Geese, each 1 60©2 50
ere, eacn 60® 65 Pigeons, » pr.. 60© 61)
Old Roosters, Rabbits, «* pr .. 36© 40
each cOta - Hate, eacu..... 16® £0
Fryers, each... 50© 60 11.1 Ueese.ea. 1:0© 30
Broilers, each.. — © at; >.nttSnipe.-(Sdz3 00tg>3 bO
Turkeys, * lb.. 1649 1 olJag snipe, t?idz2 00® -
*"Boit«* a ten vtrrs.
Almonds, **» lb 12@15 Limes, ">* doz 15(a —
Apples. *$ lb 4© a Oranges, "P d0z.... 15ta30
Bananas, $ doz... 16©20 Pears, *» lb ".B©lo
Cocoanuts, each... 4© 6 Raisins, "£ tb Bisls
Lemons, «* doz 25©30, Walnuts, '9 lb 15© —
VKHKTABLKS.
Asparagus. * lb . . 20*935, Mr"fat Squash.*p fb 6©lo
Artichokes. f*doz7b®l '.:6JDried Okra. "# .12®15
Beets, doz 12©15iOnIons, "ft fb 4,'< ob
Beans, white "s lb... 3<a» 61 Peppers, dried ...16@ —
Colored, "j"! tb..^. .•-© 6J do. gre Vlb 10©12
Lima * lb 4© iV Parsnips, 9 a0z....16®20
Cabbage, each 6© 10 Potatoes, $ B> 2(a»3
Cauliflowers, each. ftdilO j» Sweet, '*s B».. 3© 4
Celery, %c bunch. . . 5© — | Radishes. ».dzbcna 10©12
Cress. *s'dzbunchs.2o©26Rhub:irb. V lb. . 12®' 5
Garlic. * lb •*>© — Sage, 1* "6 25©33
Green Peas. «* tb.. 6©lo String Beans, 9 lb. 10©15
Lentils, V lb 6© 8 Thyme. » lb 20©33
Lettuce, ** doz 15©25 Turnips, 'si do* 15©21)
Mushrooms, 9 tt..15"-cßo'Tomatoe3, %4 !»...- lo©ls
>ISH— PKR TO'tNl*.
Barracuda -©— iShad... 84&10
Carp fi® Sigeaßass — (312
Codfish 12© 15 Smelts „ 12©15
Flounders lt',(a» — Soles 1 dial 2
Halibut 12®i 6 Skates, each 5®15
Herring Sturgeon —©12
Kiugfish 1 (I Tomcod 12©1*,
Mackerel 16 Clams. 9 gal . —©50
do. Horse. -© — jDo. hardshell, *
Terch 10(C>- 100 50®-
Pomnano -® _ Crabs, each 12©15
Rockflsh I*2® 16 Do. soflshell, 9 dz.25@35
Salmou. smoked... —'Mussels, V qrt^ 10©12
Salmon, fresh 12® 13 Oysters, Cal, » 100.40© —
Khrimiis *S©IOJU"o, Eastern, fl OA.2&(i*iiO
THE STOCK MAEKET.
Mining stocks did better yesterday. Con. Cat <t
Va. sold up to $2 25.
The 1 roy Mining and Development Company of
Holcomb. Alaska, has levied an asiessment of 10
cents per share, delinquent March 9.
The Coiumbue Savings and Loan Society has re
elected the old directors and officers for 1897, as |
follows: J. F. Kugazi (president), C. C. Palmier!,
G. Costa (treasurer). Isalas W. Hell-nan, George (*.
Cagllerl, Antonio Chlchlzola, Joseph Cuneo, G.
Baclgalupt.
The Consolidated Golden Gate and Sulphuret
Mining and Development Company has declared
Its eighth dividend, at the rate of 10 cents a share
payable February 16.
The weekly report from the standard Consoli
dated is as follows: 245 level— Bullion vein raise
0111 crosscut from raise i was extended 6 feet on
18 Inches of fa r ore. Raise 4 was extended 7
feet, with 16 Inches of good ore in the top. 318
level— lncline t.or drift was extended 9 feet.wi h
14 Incites of low-grade ore In the far.-, liaise 2
was extenriel 10 feet, connecting with the old 300
level. The wins** was extend 1 3fi et on 40 Inches
of low-grade ore and stopped. The black ledge
raise 1 was extended 5 feet ami stopped, and raise
2 18 feet oa 14 inchei of fair ore. '1 he north drift
w*s extended 10 feet, with 70 Inches of ore In the
face.
33*1 level— Raise 2 was extended 14 feet, con- !
Decline with the 318 level drift. Winze was !
extended 19 feet. There Is no or.- in the bottom. I
380 level— Cleaned out and relimbered 70 feet of
the far north drift. . Halted lb fee: from crosscut j
from Gl'dea raise on the Vulcan vein, lonnertimr '
with the fold In the Clld-a vein at the top of '■
the raise. Rodie 400 levc — North drift on
the Fortuua vein was extended 5 feet on 6 iurhe* |
of good ore. Sloping— From Bull 100 245, incline 1
318, Back ledge 318 a: d 336 and fooiwall 380;
also from Vulcan 380 and ov,r south intei mediate
drifts from crosscuts 2 and 3. .-ome high-grade
fillings are bein ; taken tro.n the Magulre vein on I
the .mi level, and above the Bulwer main south ,
drift. same itve. At the mill operations were 1
discontinued one day on account of scarcity of |
water at Green Creek.
standard ml.l statement— Ore crushed for the i
week, 269 tons: averate va us vanner aiiings, !
$8 22; concentrates proluccd, 2"/4 tons; assay
va.ue, $96 89: plate amalgam produced, C32">"j ,
ounces; aveiage valne of plate amalgam pe."
ouitc, $'_' 07. :-.' -
Itii.ll.h SALES.
Following wete tbe bales In the ban Francisco j
Sleek Board yesterday:
"UUI'UK noKxixo SESSION, rnvMrvrixt) 9:30.
'-'00 Andes 15:100 C Point. ...2K 350 Utah.. ...03 ,
10 1 £<t8......b-< 10 ' GAG 44 .UO » Jac-....28
200 67 100Mexlcau»41 100 27
100 mu11... Bti 200 occl-ltl_..09!lOO 26
250 *-:CdtV...2.iO;loJ Ciuou 37
AFTERNOON (SESSION— 2:3O.
350 BAB 72.100 Holmes. .2B 100 Savatre...«6 '
200 Choir St it.O Mxic 4t 10) •* Nev... 39 i
50 9b 160 N G&C.-.Vt tOO Union.... '
400 CC«fcV_2.2S)VOO Ovrmn.... P. MJ a Jm;_m..2B
100 U A C 4b 6j I'utdi 62 1
Following were the tuttu in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Rfcn.An session— lo:3o
500 Arriba. ....oß t*so Chllnge.. .4.' SOU Ophtr 94
800 Alt a 06 InO 4t 100 -Jj
200 Andes 18 15J conn .....9b 400 ovrmn.... 1 1
2650 Belcher..'.-; 501) C Imp... 01 200 Polos! 47 I
801 kAli 70.J00 02 200 48 j
200 71 9l)cl C Point... 2>t DO) bO
1200 7:- I20i) O AC ...40 -tOO Savage.... 46 J
MM ...... 72 lK'Jd H.i.\..l.:>i 3. 00 47 j
2u i Fuiliou....«i;il4oo Justice. ..oi> 700 Scorpion. .o2
;-.(JO Caleda I . 100 Keiiiuck..t'2;6Jtl S U&M....U7
18 JO Chollar ..rfi 500 LWash....o. -0) *»K«v 39
150 CC*V2.O7Vsi 700 Me* 41 li'OStnrd.. 1.60
150 2.1*. 1600 4". 60 J Union 3j
150 21/J.f.O Occd 01-40J U-.au. .....02
350 2.i!j JOUOphlr 91 20 J X J«J*. ,„27
200 2.17"/-. 200 9., 1200 28
3650 2.2b '
AFTERNOON SESSION- 2:30.
200 Alt-hs 100 CC 'AV...2.21 300 ovrmn.... 11
700 Alia 350 2.22 '-j lIOJ Occirttt....o9
60a Andes Ujp.io Con 11 9V .'0 ' Foiosi 51
SOO Belcuer-. 27)100 CrwnPt..27 -00 52
300 BAB 7..oJCdtc 4*;jdoi *-». vane.... 47
20J 72 450 HANI.22Va!-00*1Nev..... 30
200 8u11i0n... .0il .00 1.2.! 50 Btnrd....lC/ 8
300 caieda.... 111200 1 . 2 l; 1i) J uioo. >j
201) C*iaU«*...4 6 65U Mexican. .44! .400 Utah US
40) Choir 93 .'OU Ophtr 95 35J i" J sat,... 28
200 40J 94
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY. Feb. 12. 4r.it
J-, r» Att.e<l.- But. A sie*A .
Alpha Con 07 Ob Jackson ... — 26
Alt*. 04 05 JOlla _ — 12
Ande5.......... 14 15; Justice.. ,....„ — l">
Belcher 20 27 ueiiLuclc. ...... 01 13
mi A belcher 72 7' ! i.ady Wash.... Oi (2
Benton Con.. . 15 20' Mexican 42 43
Bullion _. 04 05 Nevada Queen. i- —
Caledonia. 10 1". occidental..... 09 10
Chollar 94 91 ,'phlr.. 93 95
Con. Cat A V a... 2.15 2. -.6 overman...... 11 12
Challenge coa. 45 46 I'oto.d. _ 50. bl
Con. imperii.. 01 C- savage. _ 40 48
Confidence.... — 1.05 ."scorpion.. ..„. 02 03
Con New Yorx — -ieg. Belcher. 06 08
Crown Point... 26 28 silver iliil — ll
F.aat!SierraN«*r — (A sierra Nevada 38 40
aureka c'oa ... — i.5 -taudard 1.60 1.65
Bxcbequet .... 03 V 4 lyndicate. .... 08 13
! Uouiaoicurrr. 46 47 Union C0n...... 38 39
j.»,co- -\orcii. 1.25 litau - 08 os
Holmes 16 30 1 cUuw j-w-ta*. 87 28
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
F'RI •\ V Feb 12 -2p. it
tTXITED STATES BONDS.
J •„. * iacu. I BOL JskeiX.
Dflls conn. ll2 - \U reg.-.lOrf llOVa
I)o new issuel23 124 |
Htlc"Ki..iXiflp, wiv-n.
Cal-stCbleßs.HOVa — Oak Gas 55.. — 104
Cal Elec L 6*112-1 131 Do 2d Is 5a.. - 110
CntraCWsi — 1,7 omnibus 65.. 121^122*^
Upnt-stex-cp — t-71,4 pAO Ry Bs. — 11
FdsnLAP6sl*27 128 PACh Ry 6s. — 103
PACURR6s.O4Vt,IIo l'wi-s: RR6»114 119
Gearv-st RSsIOJ 106 Reno.WLAL — 10>
HU'*a',,vlJJ _ fcactoPAL. - 100
LosAngL6* — 100 |t.F\tNPRS«-.
I>o,.i.ie«d 6s — 101 ItsPitUArizdl 91Vj —
Mtt-stCble6sl227' 8 _ *.pRRCaI6s. — lib
DoßyCon 65.1063/ 8 106M / i -iF-RK' a"s4. — 100
Nat Vines Ist — 100 *-PBrßCal6s. 97V4 —
NevCNgß7alo3 105 SV Water 61. 119"*/ 120i^
N RyCal Os.lOOVi — t- VWaier lijos
N P.y Cal 6s. - 95 stktuGikKtfi — 102 Vi
W *TKB BTOCK*.
Contra Costa SGy a 40 tSprng Valley 17*,, 97%
MariuCo..... — f B j* [
GAS ANDKLF.CTKIC TOCtTI.
Capital. - 25 j Pacific Light 49 —
Central 981/-, — s F GAF.Icc. fc5T/ 8 861,4
M Elec Light — fit  -an hrancsco 2 4
Oak LAU 54 54V» -itocatou — '■HI
Pac cas Imp 8014 91*/4|
"•'•-'Kc.v. ■••: RTOCKC
F!reman'sFdl&o — isun — —
COU 14 .£lll-1 BAVK irrO-ICC
Anglo-Ca1.... 61 53 I First Natloul 180">4l 88
Bang of Cal.. — 241 LoudonP<»A.l37->4 —
Cali-il)ATColo7i / { io8" ) < ! |Merchl!'x.... IJ —
MVINJ, BANK btocic*.'
GertSALCnu. - 1450 SavALoaa.. — 105
Bumb.--ictL.lloj _ Security 241 —
Mutua1....... 33 — Union Trust. Sib —
BPSav Union — 476 j
STRKKr BAItBOA-t tiTorlCl.
California... .lo6 110 lOakSLAHa/ — 103
ovary st — 60 Presidio 4% —
Market-5t.... 43 4314]
•--'. r01»l>»A stock 1. '•e-'-rri.
Atlantic D... 16 17 -Giant C0n..., 31 31 ">A
Ca',lfornia^.. t 75 . - • 1V1g0rU....... — 80c
Eastern 1).... 80 B7"r4 \* ■■*■■■
. v ""
MIHCKLI.AN-F.OUS UTOCKI
.Alaska piers. — 104 "iNatVlnCo. _ *>V*»
Ger Lead Co. 80 100 ' ceaiilcSSCo 23 26
HawCcfcsCa. IB l6Vi I'ac AUK F A -. 4
HutchsPco 24% /4 hacßoraxCa 90 96
MerExAssa. — 111, |Purf PalntCo — I
SALES MOBNINQ SESSION.
Board—
50 Hawaiian CommerciaL 16 37%
30 do do 16 25
50 do do 16 00
25 do 00 15 87%
190 Hutchinson 3 P Co. _„ 24 75
20 do do 24 57%
175 S F Gas & Electric Co 95 00
35 do do 95 75
100 do do 95 62%
SALES— AFTERNOON SESSION.
Board—
20 Hawaiian Commercial 16 25
5 do do 16 37%
2 1 do do la 50
270 Hutchinson 8 P Co. _ -4 75
25 do do bo 24 75
6 do do 21 62Vi
1 SF" Gas & E'ectrlc Co 86 75
70 do do ; 96 00
$18,000 Edison Light & Power Bonds... 127 50
30 S F Gas & Klectrlc Co 95 75
EEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
William H. and Anna it. iter to Crocker-W'ool
worth National Bank, lot on S line oi Californ a
street, 154:8*4 E of Laguna, E 61:634 by S 137
«10.
Marcus lash to Prudence Building and Loan
Association, lot on N line of Bush street, 231:3 W
Of Weoster, W 25 by N 9t: $10.
Aug. and Fannie G. Heilbronner to N. H. nick
man, lot on s\v corner of Frederick and Ashbury
streets, W 106:3, S 102, E 6:3, b 75, E 100, N 177;
•10.
Alfred J. Geandrot to Lena E. Geandrot. lot on
S line of Twenty -first street, 112 E of Valencia,
E 22 by S 9O. $10.
Jn es M. and Raphael Ellis to Prudence Build
ing and I oan Association, lot on S line of Twenty
tul d street, lUO X of Douglas-,, X 25 by S 89; $10.
Same to city Building and Loan Associat on,
lot on S line of Twenty-bird street, 250 Wof
Sanchez, W 25 by s 114; $10.
Siegfried and I'almvie Ntckelsburg to same,
lot on W lino of Douglass street, 185 S of Twenty
four, h, S 26 by W 125: $.0.
Jane 1.. Stanford to F rancis E. Spencer et a!.,
trustees Leland Stanford Jr. University, lot on
SW corner California and Powell streets, W
206:3 by .- 275, subject to right of first party to
use same during pat oral life and thereafter to be
dedicated as an atli late d college of Leland Stan
lord Jr. University: .
Tho nas and J.ar^aret Mcltermott to Annie F.
McD.'rmotl »nd M..rv Morrison, lot on N line of
Turk street, 98:9 Eof Taylor, E 38: by N lis* to;
gift-
Joseph Hatfield to Catherine Hatfield, lot on N
I ne ot Union street, 110 E of Jones. E 20 by N
97:6; a so lot on E 11 le of Gner-ero street, 141 :8 H
| of i wenty-seventh, S 26, L, 70:8. N 25:4, W 76:2;
, ititt.
John Vennie to William Corcoran, lot on E line
I of l-arkin street. 00 .\ of Green. 10:7"/ 3 by E 23:2,
quitclaim deed: $8.
Wii.iam and Catherine Corcoran to I. F. Kydil,
same, quitclaim deed; $10.
La Socieie Franchise to Oliver C. Haslett, lot on
KB line of First s reet. 206:3 >E of Harrison, SE
68:9 by .NE 137:6 quitclaim deed; $5.
William H. Bias and John J. Crooks (executors
of the estate of J. G. Crooks, by George F. Lyon,
P. .1. Miller and Paul McDonalo, referees) to a. s.
Bn'.d'C In. lot on N W line of Stevenson street, 77:6
NE of Third, N W SO by NE 20; $20,000.
, A. .-. and Emma li Baldwin io Phtbe A. Hearst,
same; $10. > ;. ■ * • '■-:,
Andrew J. Moulder, W. L. Duncan, Clinton C.
Trip, N. W. Spauldlng. United Land Association
and rt'llllam Nicol (by R. I. Wbelau, Sheriff) to C.
D. Vincent, tv on X corner of eveith and Kerry
streets, NX 45:10 by sE 1-0. 33,917: $1258.
Thomas Fo^arty to Martin '1.. Mary. Annie and
Maggie Fogarty, lot on s corner of Eldrldge and
I Che-iley streets. .-E 30 by SW 80: glfL
Aniolne and dr.'c ie Borel to Adolpb Meyer, lot
lon W line of Meventh avenue. 300 N ot Califor
j nia street, N 25 by W 120; $10.
| Soomon and lon Gets* to Herbert De Loss, lot
; on W line of Fifth avenue, 1,5 N of Cement
I str et. N 35 by W 120: 810
| Julius Meudelsou to City Bull.lintr and loan As
sociation, lot on W line of Third avenue, 125 Uof
; California street. Bßß by w 120; $10.
Charles Snyder to "jeonre Kordmeyer, lot on SW
I corner of B and West Forty-third streets, W 120
I by SI 30, be ng lots 40 and 41. block J*3B. Point
1 Lobos a venue and Park Homestead Associa-
I lion; $1.
j George Kordmeyer to Jennie Hooper, lot on SW
I corner of B sire l and Forty-third avenue, W 120
: by is 130; $10.
Daniel and Clar i Meyer, to RlchsrJ H. Savory,
lot on E line of eighth avenue. 299 N of C street,
E 120, N 25:103,2, SW 120, »E 28:9; $10.
William 11. and Anna D. Miner to Crocker
; Wool**, National Bank, Outside Land blocks
825. 826, 807. 927. 928. 796. 930. and W half of '
I c inside .-and block 741: also 10. on NW corner
I '1 wenty-th rd avenue and O street, N 325, W 120,
! 522 E 37:6, 8 100, E 82:6: also lot ou NE cor
ner of Twenty-fourth avenue and O street, E 82:6
! by N 100; $10.
Michael and Nora O'Keeffe to Gottfried Ltttlg,
lot on sW corner of I iucoln and Wool streets, a
25 by W 70, lot 42, gift map 1; $10.
ALAMEDA COUNTY.
Ann Harris to Mary Alice Churchill, lot on N
line of Thirty-second street. 500 F" of Grove, E
33:6 N to N line of Rowland Tract, thence W to
: point of its intersection by a line a right angles to
Thirty-second street, N from t'Olnt of beginning,
thence S 148:76 to beginning, being the W 36:6
lot 10, block 2043. Rowland Tract. Oakland: giit.
Contra Costa Water Company to George C.
Wickson, lot beginning at a stake at SW
corner of tract of land deeded to William H. Meed
by Anthony Chaboi January 26. 1876, thence Nr
-253.40 to center of road 16 feet wide, thence SE
I 57.05. SF: 53:57, **E 71.60. thence leaving the
said road sW 338 34 to >W nody of aforesaid
i tract. thence N W 1 7j to beginning, Oakland Town
ship, quitclaim deed; $1.
Patrick llewrm to Annie Heverln. lot on N
i line of Twenty-first street. 175 W of Curtis, W
37:6 by N 100, being portion of lots 13 and 14,
' block I, Curtis aud Williams Tract, Oakland:
I Pitt.
< harles Matblas to Theresa Mathlas, lots 24 to
' 28. block 1.9. Oakland: gift.
I John I. Thrum to Mary Thrum, lot 1, subdi-
I vision of lots 19. 20 and 21, 28 to 32. Peralta Park,
i Oakland Township; $10.
Charles A. and Alice C. Bai ey to Carl and Brita
M. 1 ■ ritrora. lot on X line of I- Ighth street, 126 ;
a of Ufa. son, **. 57.27, NE 130.C9, N 52.38, W 130
to beginning, being lots It and 15, block 176, I
CjrarfOti Tract, Ber-teley; $5.
W. F. and Mary B. Bitter to same, lot on S line |
of liiir.nit avenue, 150 W of c i.oate street, W 5 j
by a .HO. being the E 5 feet Of lot 33, block 2, I
Beaver Tract, Berkeley; S">io.
Pacific Ban t*> John A. \V, ston, lot On E line of ;
! King street, 110:6 sof Mason street, S 75:3 by '
! 120, being lot 43, block 8, Lands Regent-street
Homestead Association, Berkeley: $10.
August Brdidens eln to Edward and Albertine
Salbrck, lot 22. resnl) llvisiou 34, Warner Tract,
Brooklyn Township: $10.
Fruit vale Land Company to J. C. Cordoza, lot on
W line of Bay avenue. 175.49 S of Tenth street. S
j 25.07 W 144.11. N 25, X 142.25, being the S half
of lot 13, block U, Huntington Tract, Brooklyn
"township; $5-
I Jos-pa M. Kelly to John McMahon. John
i Downey atid Michael J. Dergan, lot 0.1 NE corner
of Webster street and Orchard avenue (or street),
, X 165, N 214:4, w 128:4, SW 214:4 to oealnning.
! lots 65. 66, 69 and 70, Academy Homestead, oak
land ; $10.  : .<•
F.d ward C. carrington and Thomas Cleuchmen
(receivers of Henry R. yon d it llorst. p ain tiff, vs.
Juhii if. you der llorst Jr. et al.) 10 George Oliver
i-pencer. »i on W lln» of Center street, 64:3 -> of
Ninth, S 30 by W 91:7%, bock 553, Oakland;
$2300.
c.eorve Oliver Spencer to George W. Spencer,
same: $.0.
C. N. Comstock (by t-henff) to ft. T. Webster,
lot 14. block 2, East Oakland Heights, East Oak
lund: $20.
M. P. and Amanda E. Augustine to John M.
Coc.erton, lot on SW line of .Nineteenth street,
; 368 87 NW of Fourth avenue, W 40 by s\V
147:9, being the SF: 40 feel of lot 13, block B,
li' r ;i ii Heights. East Oakland; $10.
George and Nellie M. schmtdt to Anson S.
I Blake, all of block 103, Allston Tract, Berkeley;
j also loin 8, 10. 29 and 31 and N portion of lots
II and 28, said portion b-tng about 16 feet In
width on Mii.li street and abo t 3 feet 011 Eluhth
street, bock 118, Allston Tract, said lots being
subject to contracts of sale. Berkeley; also lots 5
and 6. block 63. Tract B, Berneiey L. and T. 1.
Association (to correct deed of December 10, 18"6,
Berke ey; $10
Nettie It. c raven to Joseph Fredf ricks, lot on N
line of Delaware street, 120 E of Sacramento, E
120 by N 270, lot 4, block 4, Teachers' State Uni
versity Homestead. Berkeley; also lot 64 Ruck
Island Tnct, Berkeley; $10.
A. J. and Anna Samuel to Benjamin De
Shields, lot on F; Hue of Bryant street, 6*4 N of |
East Fourteenth street, N 50 by 146, lots 43 and
44 bock a, re- utdi vision of Fruit Vale Tract,
Brooklyn Township; *10.
Benjamin De shields to Anna M. De Shields,
same; gift.
Builders' Contracts.
Carl Grlese and wife with A. G. Johnson, mill
work, etc., for a frame building on W line of Tre
mont street, 328:9 N of Freierlck, $1276; archi
tect, owner.
William T. Martin wlh J. A. McDonald, to erect
a two-story bull 'lne ou W line of Masonic avenue,
143:9 N of Frederick street, $2338; Shea & shea.
BALTIMORE, VEEMONT.
A Carious Town in Many Respects lt
Has Had No Wedding for SO Years.
In Windsor County, Vt., is about as
queer a town as there is in tbe United
States. Its name is Baltimore, and it pos
sesses extremely little else except a his
tory in which none of its inhabitants ex
press the slightest pride. *
Baltimore is fairly old, as American
towns go, having been set off from Caven
dish and organized in 1793. It then had
275 presumably ambitious and hopeful
inhabitants, but every census taken since
then has revealed a steady growth — down
ward. In 1800 the place had lost one citi
zen, and the subsequent record stands as
follows:
In 1810, 207 inhabitants; 1820, 204; 1830,
179; IS4O. 155; 1850, 124; 1860, 116: 1870.
83; 1831, 71. and in 1889, 61. To-day the
number is 59, and one of the 59 spends his
winters in the Soldiers' Home at Brattle
bo ro. . Nothing, ever happened .in the
town, not even a crime, and it has no dis
tinguished sons or daughter *. The houses
are scattered -over the territory included
within Baltir .ire's limits, nowhere form
ing anything like a village, and there is
no store, no church, no postoffice, not
even a cider-mill. The people are pros
perous enoueh, as Vermont tanners de
line prosperity, but they k>ep moving
away whenever opportunity offers and
nobody ever moves in. It is twenty years
since a wedding took place in the town. —
New York Times.
The hippopotamus of the Coneo and
Ni-er is from 10 to 12 feet in length.
Specimens of the latter dimensions are by
no means uncommon.
HOIEL , RR.VALS.
RUSS HOUSE.
J M X inland, S L Obispo J D Baroy, Or
J S Orr, or J F Mangus A wf, Oak
Mrs F T Yen. Stockton J A Gill A wt. Sacto
J 8 Riichev, Merced J Jenson, Merced
Dr R Mus.'iove.Hanford C Spring. Hanford
J Kilker, l.os Gaios C C Eater. Sacto ;_
EMcGetilgan, Vallejo W X Javete. YonterviPe
M Jenkin, Yontervilie W J Jones, Valley Ford
H Covendon. Maine H F. Home, N H
C C' ncord, Ohio A E Dormand. Ohio
X G Cunningham. HC S M Megie, Brooklyn
Wm Baker. Winters J B Wallace, Nev
E s Cray, Healdsbnrg Capt le Bretlne, France
A J Serines, Hanford J S Hi I, Nev
C Tuft, Stockton W H Gallagher, Eureka
W B Williams, N V F Hall. Tutar-
C D Slocum. Boston C '1 hackery, Montreal
Miss R Goodman, F'resno L G Haskins. Los Ang
B White. Los Angeles T A Williamson, N V
J G Alborn, N B . • A Wood, Rhode Island
E McKlnson, Portland
PALACE HOTEL.
S a Showinger. NY Mrs X E Pierce, Pan Jose
S T Fr-nch. Nevada Cy C D Fosler, Boston
H W \\"aite, Boston R A Eddy <* w. Montana
Miss T Hermbold.Stl'aul Miss J Hf rmbold, St PI
Miss X Hermbold. St PI W j*s Hammond, St Paul
W l. Davis, Auburn Miss E M Davis, Auburn
W H Barkebor <£w,Aub F C Lusk. Chico
T W Hellyer, hi. ago W M McKenzie, Portlnd
W J Bowers, Portland F H Buc< &w. Vacavlle
C W c-JOudile, Butte W B .-.-inborn, Fruitvale
F F Rogers, Stamford H W Ourrell. Stamford
J H Goode. New York F P Mills, centerville
J C Boss. Berkeley G Orcutt & w, California
Miss Moore, Sn Barbara W J 'i aylor, Los Angeles
F S Henry, Cleveland S M Perry <fe w, Mllwauk ;
J D Sproul, Chico H Gray, Chico
GRAND HO EL.
M Brennan, Stockton H R T Coffin. San Jose
W W Middlecoff. Salinas A H Newcastle
E F'osler, Marvsvilie H Herman, Vallejo
J Jones A w. Marsvville Miss L Hall. Redwood
A Collins. .Marysville B M Rosenberg, Uklah
HRHenderson.JcksEvlle J M Miller. N V
D Goldberg. Los Angeles E J Lane, Everett
M T Dunlin-;, Hoilister C Ml.habn, Fresno
F. E Holbrook, Hoilister T Williams. Phila
S B Jones, Hoilister C Palfratt, Hamburg
W R Brown, lister T Rack, Grays Landing
A Uarson, Lodl X C Hart, Sacto
Mrs E J Chamberlain, Cal C Doltren, Point Reyes
W A Wood, San Diego T B Oakes, San Diego
Mrs Harding, N V Lelen Harding, N V
F' Troz er, Boston " B C King. Chicago
S -ummerfrled, Peno A B Jackson, Salinas
D E Cameron, NY J Bent, san Diego
Mrs N R Bn>ome,*s Diego G R HeStewart.CrowsLg
AGCampbellifcw.Fortuna A Dale, Fortuna
Vera Dale, Fortnna T D Pitch, Eureka
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
R Campbell, Reno E B Channel". Berkeley
BL Fisher, Alameda Mrs C H Roosbach, Ala
F' W samms <fe w, Cuba H M Jacobson, Sonora
D J J leming. Los Angel £ Shaw, Sonora
H Jackson, Sonora D L Madison, Tacoma
P F' Hlggins. Bakersfield R Rensbaw, Denver
J W Moylers, Chicago R a robin, Chicago
H Holman, Eureka Miss Reed, Cal
T E Murphy, F'ni, ire F G Dewey, Vreka
A W Brown, Sac J W Peterson, N V
R A Mansfield, Colusa W A Joseph, Chicago
J W smith. Lancsbira F L Moton, Guerneville
BALDWIN HOTEL.
W James, Bskerstleld J Scott, Fresno
C W Fink. Chicago E ill, Sacramento
O B Young, Chicago H Seaman, N X
M Mathewson. Chicago J Collins, St Louis
F Smith, Irvington C Moore Aw, Reno
W J Barret, Los Ang Mihs Miller, San Jose
E (' Sharpe, Los Ang H Low, Santa Barbara
T Bti.ier <fc \v, Los Ang Fa .Tenuities. Sta Barb
W H Seymour, Los Ang J Qulnn, s-autaCriiz
W Parker, Los Ange es C Hamilton <fe w, Cal
FJ a Marsh. Mich F Richard, Ariz
W B Andrew, Lowr Lake
THE CAIX CALENDAF..
F'KBBITARV, 1897.
Mo. Tu.
77,
8 9
15 16
22 23
!
_
a
|_-|.
•I
—
M
18
l 5 |
12
' -i
13
20
@_ew Moon
N_7 Feb. 1.
3 Firs: Quarts
F-b. 9.
14
17
_T
25
27
\fS\ Full Moon.
I-V Feb. 17.
24
—
Last Quarter.
Feb. 23.
OCEAN STEAMEKS.
Date* of Departure From San Franclsco.
STRAMKK | DKBTI.VATION'. | NAILS. |PI KB.
Mexico s«n lii«io. . 1 Feb 13.11__ I c. -.- 11
City Peking i China <fe Japan Feb 13. lmiPM SB
Czarln.t..... Coos Hay Feb 13. 5m PierS
Corona. .... liumboldißat Feb 13. -i_ Pier.
City Pnebia Vie J- Pgt Snd Feb 16. .__ Pier 9
San Jose ; Panama. Feb 15,12 _ PMSS
Eureka Newport [Feb 15, 9__|Pl»r 11
Areata Coos Bar | Feb 16.10 am | Pier
ABlanchard Oregon ports.. Feb 16. Sp_ Pier 13
Farallon Ysqnina May. Feb 16. Cam Pier 2
Queen Ban Diego Feo 17. Ham Pier 11
Mate or Cal. I Portland i Fen 17.10 am Pier 24
Coos Bav — Newport 1 > eb 19. Pa* Pier 11
City of Para Panama. Feb 20.12 _ PMS3
WaUaWaitaj Vie _ Pet Wno Feb 20. Bam i Pier 9
"AIM.
PI KB.
STEAMEK3 TO AKKIVE.
-' AMKR |
1- ROM
ho-
Cleone ,
Trucked
Eureka. I
Wellington... .
State of Cal
Doric '
City of Para. . .
Areata (
Allceßlanchard
Farallon i
Walla Walia...
Queen !
Empire _. |
Corona I
Coos Bay I
Australia
Orizaba
Acapulco j
Willamette i
Washtenaw .... '
Mexico 1
Czarina '
Crescent City... '
Del Norte
Geo W. Elder, i
Tillamook
North Fore...
China ....
Amarapoora..'..
I Crescent City
Portland
! Newport.
: Departure Bay
! Portland.
China and Japan
I Panama
(Coos Bay
i Portland
I V equina Kir
! Victoria a Pueet Bonn J
San Diego
Coos Bay
1 Bum bold: 8ay..........
I Newport
Honoiuin
Mexico
Panama
Seattle
Tacoma
j -an Diego
' Coos Bay
Crescent City
uravs Hmroor. _
I Portland
Portland
) Humboldt Bay
1 China and Japan.
Oscos
..Feb 13
..Feb 18
..Feo 13
..Feb 24
. Keb 14
..Feb 14
..Feb 14
..Feb 14
..Feb 14
..Feb 14
..Feb 16
..Feb 16
..Feb 16
..Feb 16
..Feo 17
Feb 17
..FeD 17
..Feb 18
..Feb 18
..Feb 18
..Feo 19
..Feb 19
..FeD 19
..Feo 19
..Feb 19
..Feb 19
..Feb 20
..Dec 20
..Feb 20
SUN, MOO * ANU liDii,
United States Coast and Geoditttc Bubvet
Timks and Heights of Hioh and Low
Waters at Fort Point, Entrance to
San Francisco Bay. Published by Offi
cial Authority op the Superintendent.
Note— The high and low waters occur at tho
City Front (Mission-street Wharf) about twenty
five minuies later than at Fort Point: the height
oi tide Is the same a-, both places.
February— lß97.
Saiurda-. Feb vary 13.
"•nn rises 7.021. rises.
Bun sets 6 47 {Moon sen. .'.'.'". 4.27 am
Time
I H 44
Tine
I. .4
I Feet
Time
I IT— I
Feet
Time
|Tw
la 1.0.ij 32; 7.0r,| 4.i | 2.45. -0.4
14 2.10 3.0 8.08 4.9 3.80i-0.6
15 3.07 2.9 9.06 6.0 4.111— 0 7
16 4.01 | 2.5 10.01 6.0 4.62 -0 5
17 4.64 a 0 10.65 6.0 6.34-o*2
IH W| I. W H W! .
18 0.-.0 4.7 5.43 1.6! 11.6. 4.9
19 050 4.9 6.341 1.2 12.52 4.6
'.in.
| 1U..0
1 10.
11.25
ill. 631
l
4.4
4.6
L-WJ
L W
I 6.20;
j 7.09
j 0.2
Nora— ln the above exposition of the tides th«
early morning tides are given In the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day In th*
order of occurrences! to time. The second Unit
column gives the second tide of the day. tbe thlro
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day. except
when there are but three tides, as sometlmaj
sc-curs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then tbe number given la subtractlvs
from the depth clvcn by the charts.
NOTICE TO MAltlNLK.**.
A branch of the United States Hvdrogrsphlo
Office located In the Merchant-,' Exchans** Is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and free of
exnonse.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sailing
directions of the world are kept on hanJ tor com
parison and reference, and the latest Information
can always be obtained regarding lights, dangers
to navigation and all matters of lntersst to ocean
commerce.
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
graph 11111 ts hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and Is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian, by
telegraphic signal received each day from the
United States Naval Observatory at Mare Island.
Cat.
A notice stating whether the time ball was
dropped on time, or giving the error. If any. li
published the same day oy the afternoon papers,
and by the morning papers the following .lav.
W. S. Hugh tea
Lieutenant. U. fa. N„ In charge-
The Time Ball. :
•fiBAH-C-ff "RYDROSRAPI-'rO Oman, U. «•»!*/- •■
Merchants' Excitant*. » . L
Ran Francisco. February 12. IJW7. )
The time ball was not dropped 10 day, the mech
anism being oat of order. It will be repaired at
once.
W. 8. Hughes,
, Lieutenant U. S. N„ in caarse.
SHIFFINO INTE-LLHiENCK.
Arrive
FPIDAY. February 12.
Haw stror San Mateo. Fie'.cher. *^ d »"J i ° n »
Comox; 4050 tons coal, to S P Co. U. X ana
direct. . .'•""■ .1
stmr Scotia. Johnson. 13 hours • from Albion.
Brag.:: 274 M ft umber, to Anion Lumber Co. I
Stmr Greenwood. Faeeiluni. 13 nours from,
Point Arena: r r ties, to L Ii While Lumber Co
Stmr Corona. Durati. .8 hours from Eureka:
pass anu muse, to Gooda'l. Perkins A Co.
Berk Kate Davenport, Reynolds, 10 na**** T-rrt
Fort Blak.-ley; lumber and pile", to Benton,
Ho mes it Co. _,
Schr Etta B, Bourne. 8 hours from Fort 1 011;
35 lixs butter, to Ross A Hewlett.
schr Antelope. Anderson, 10 days frm Coquills
River; 65 Mft lumber, to Hjiil «& Jones; 100
tons coal, to Current r A Kronen nerg.
Schr Melancthon, Beuesen, 30 Ms days Mi Wli
lana Harbor; 36J M ft lumber, to Simpson Lumbar
Co. eve i ■--
schr Nettie .low. Low. 5 hours from Pom:
Reyes; 5) bxs butter, to J II Newbauer&Co.
Schr Parkers burg Jorgenson. 8 days from Co
quille River: 165 M ft lumber, to C F Doe.
C-.enre
FRIDAY. February 12.
Bark Carrollton, Jones, Nanalmo; John Rosea
eld's Sons.
SailA-1. '-.:-
FRIDAY. February 12.
Stmr Geo W Elder. Lewis. Portland.
Stmr City of F'verett. Laverae, Nanalmo.
Stmr South Coast. Hansen. Eureka.
t-tuir Gipsy. Iceland. San' 1 rut
Scir Peulah, Johnson, Grays Harbor.
Schr Chas Hanson, Nlelson, Grays Harbor.
Tele » in nine
POTNT LOBOS. Feb. 12.— 10 p. **.— Weather
cloudy; wind S: veloct.y 20 mites.
Charters.
The brig Courtney Ford loads mdse for TJnga Is
land; bark Martha Davis, mose for Honolulu;
smr Excelsior, railroad ties at Greenwood for
Guaymas: Br ship nienerlcht, lumber on the
Sound for japan; schr King Cyrus, lumber at
Tacoma for Shanghai. 40s: Br ship Pass of Klllle
rrankle, lumber on the Sound for Callao. 32s 6d:
Br ship Aberystwlth Castle, wheat at Portland for
South Africa. ■'-- ■-■'■
The Br ship Hlddekel is chartered for wheat to
Europe, 16s 3d.
X>oTO»»*itio Port*.
PORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed Feb 12— Norstm
Peter Jensen, for Nanalmo.
POINT REYES— Passed Feb 12— Stmr Pasa
dena, from Eureka, for San Pedro.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Feb 12— Schr Golama,
for San Pedro.
\ F.NTURA— SaiIed Feb 12— Stmr a Loomis, for
San Francisco.
CRICK A- Sailed Feb 11— Stmr Pasadena, for
San Pedro.
MENDOCINO— Arrived Feb 12— Stmr Weeoit,
hence Feb 11. -■-
ASTORIA— SaiIed Feb 12— Stmr State of Cali
fornia, for San Francisco.
CLALLAM BAY— In port Feb 12— Bark Wllna,
from Nanaimo, for San Francisco; ship Oriental,
from Departure Bay, for San Francisco; bktn Re
triever, from Port Hadlock, for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND- Arrived Feb 12— Stmr J B
Leeds, from Carmen Island.
V KNTURA— Arrived Feb 12— Stmr Geo Loomis,
hencd F'eo 11.
FORT BRAGG-Arrlved Feb 12— Stmr Noyo,
hence Feb 11.
TACOMA— To sail Feb 12— Ship Levi G Burgess,
for San Francisco.
Sailed F'eb 12— stmr Lakme.for Ban Francisco
CLALLAM BAY— Sailed Feb 12— Bark Wilna,
bktn Retriever and ship Oriental, for San Fran
cisco.
In bay Feb 12— Br ship Pengwern, from Port
Hadlock, for Australia.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Feb 10— Schr J M Colman,
for Guaymas
SANTA BARBARA— Arrived Feb 12-Schr El
noiah, from Eureka.
Fore! en Forts.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Feb 11-Sohr F 8 Red
fielo, from Tacoma.
VICTORIA— Arrived Feb B— Br bark Doris, frm
Iqulque.
Movements of Trans- Atlantic Steamer*-
NEW YORK— Arrived Feb 12— stmr Stuttgart,
from Bremen: stmr St Louis, from Southampton;
stmr Stuttgart, from Bremen.
HURST CASTLE— Passed Feb 12— Stmr St Paul
from New York .-for Southampton.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived out Feb 12— Stmr
Trave.
Importations.
EUREKA— Per Corona— 4 bxs fish, 2cs plates,
25 rolls leather, 50 Mft lumber, y % keg 26 bxs
butter, 2 bdls Are steel, 1 cs Indian baskets, 2 bbis
mineral water, 3 pkgs mdse, 125 M shingles, 1 pkg
carpet, 2 bdls pelts, 9 pkgs express. 1 sk coin.
E R and E R R— ls bxs fish. 1 spring, lox frogs,
36 bxs butter, cs shoes. 9 pkgs mdse, 1 crt plants.
1 bdl dry goods. 172 sks oats, 1 cs hardware, 39
sks peas, 35 bxs apples.
Consignee*.
Per Corona- Amer Tress Assn: ITraplnl: Bel
lingbam Bay Imp Co; Dunham. Carrlgan A Co; V
Kellev; Dodze. Sweenev <fc Co: Wells, Fargo & Co;
A C Nichols & Co: Brlgham, Hoppecfc Co; tertin «£
Lepari ; F-nterprise Brewery; « . •>; Whitney .ft Co •
Humboldt Mineral Water Co: Hiberuia Brewery:
Wieland Brewing Co; L Taussig A co: M Sweasev
McKav&Co: W B Sumner <**. Co; R Thoupsou;
Scott & Van Arsdale Lumber Co; E M Ileckmau-
W B Sumner & Co ; Witzel <fe Baker; A Paladini ;
Kills Bros: Norton, Teller & Co: Standard Oil Co ;
C E Whitney A Co: J H Newbauer A Co; B Calto-
Witzel & Baker; Baker <& Hamilton: J W Toll
man; E R Stevens A Co: Sherman. Cia a Co- C
R Wlnslow: Ruas. Sanders <fc Co M Kaliah A Co-
American Union F.shCo; O B Smith A Co- --ter
llng Furniture Co; R Tbompeon: Witzel <fe Baker-
Milan! &Co; M laTtntino; Pacific Coast FTs*. Co-
Baker <fc Hamilton: Gets Bros & Co; H Dutard • d
Berti & Co: L Scatena A< o: Levi. Strauss & Co*
G naritra-ofln; Wheaton. Breon <fe Co.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
"'PACIFIC COAsO^SsiS^^
STEAMERS LEAVE BROADWAY Agi,
wharf, San Francisco, as follows: -"ffiSgy
For Mary Island, Lorlng, Wrangel. Juneau. Kll-
llsnoo and Sitka (Alaska), at 9 a. M., Feb. 10, '-'5.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes and
New Whatcom (Bellingbam Bay, Wash.). 9a. m.
Feb. 4, 10, 15, 20, 26, and every fifth day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with the "c, P. R.
R., at Tacoma with N. P. R. R., at Seattle with c*.
N. Ry., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For Kureka, Areata and Fields Landing (Hum.
boldt Bay), str. Pomona 2 p. m., Feb. 1, 5,9, 13,
17, 21, 25, and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon, Cayncos.
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gavlota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hneneme, san Pedro, East Sat*
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a it
Feb. 3, 7, 11, 15, 19, 23, 27, and every lourta
day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harrord
(San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Los An*
geles. Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport 11
a.m. Feb. 1, 5, 9, 13, 17, 2L 25, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For Ensenada, San Jose del Cabo. Mazatlan, La
Paz and Guaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba 10
A. m. 25th Of each month.
The Company reserves the right to change with-
out previous notice steamers, sailing dates and
hours of sailing. Ticket office— Hotel, 4
New Montgomery street.
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO., Gen'l Agents,
; 10 Market st., San Francisco.
THEO.R.&N.CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAIST I>
From Spear-street Wharf, at 10 a. m.
Fa "P"L? f»l 2 First-class \ Including
JJ XV £i i «« Second-class /berth <fc meals
SCHEDUIaE OF SAILINGS:
George W. Elder Feb. 13, 29
State of California Feb. 7, 17,27
Through utkets and through baggage to all
Eastern points. Rales and folders upon applies-*
tion to
F. F. CONNOR. General Agent,
630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS CO.. Superintendents
P*M*aMlol 8* ". AUSTRALIA tor |
m fllllE HONOLULU only,
g.*™ w **» Tuesday, February 23 - 4
■***^— «^ at 2p. it Special party ™
.v****!* rates.
flJarn^ninJ •■".-»•■•. alameda
l(Callljlll|»' &/ sails via HONOLULU
/OfTiFIVWH**- »nd AUCKLAND Tot
VJ/llipQlCqr SYDNEY, Thursday.
March 4, at 2 p. m
Line to COOLG Aust.,and CAPETOWN
South Africa. *
J. D. SPRECKELS * BROS. CO, Agents.
114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office. 327 Market <t.. *-»an --'-»npt-»r«.
COIPAG GEJERAL TRAJSATLAS
Frencn. "Line to Havre.
COMPANY'S PIER(NE W),42 NORTH niaSTi
Blver, foot of Morton st. Traveler?, by -»3ZB»
this Hue avoid both transit by English railway an 1
the discomfort of crossing the channel In a small
boat- New York to Alexandria. Egypt, via Paris,
first class $160. second class $116.
LABOURGOGNE.... Feb. 20. 5 a. i*
CA CHAMPAGNE Feb. 27 - 8:30 a. i
LAGASCOGNE March 6. 5a m.
LA BRETAGNE March 13. St «
LA NORMAXDIE Mar n 0, sa. «i
tar For further particulars apply to
.- „ „ , A ' FORGET. Agent.
_-_ ».^.- „°* °* Bowlin-; Green. New York.
av^e. fa Z ancfs [ ' **«"*>™l
STOCKTOS STEAMERS
a?« V £ fi le H°- 3 - Washington St..
At 6 P. M. Daily. Freight received tip
to.i:3OP.M. *
tW Accommodations Reserved by Telephone
The only line selling through tickets and glvina
through freight rates to all pcAn.s on Valley
-,-,«! STEAMERS:
T. C. Walker, J. T>. Peters.
Mary Oarratt, City of Stockton-
Telephone Main 805. J^Jsuv^.,. ■„*! Ca
FOR VALLEJO ASD U. S. HAYMARftJ
STEAMER •'MONTICELLO."
5unday5".....:..::;::*.;;;.;;;;;:" 10 - 30 A m -- « p *
Landing Mission-stree' 1 '' *
_ Telephone Black 261
Trip gives 6 hours stop at Xavy- Y ard.
FOR m MM, LOS GATOS & SAiVN fßii?
QTEAMER ALVISO LEAVES^ S^» 1A {jl^' >
p day. Wednesday. Friday a? in IKft x MON-
Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday at <?- ** * " AlviM
and Passenger. Fare between L -J*-** Freight
Alviso, 50c; to San Jose 7? *?>. ir '"»*ci-ico *°*
WW. bftß^CiaraM,^'^ Clay .fc, F l-kWAS TRIED IN
A MOCK COURT
A Remarkable Practical
Joke Is Played on a
t ßestaurateur,
. Arrested for Robbery and Taken
to Judge P: mantel's
Court.
•' Manual Mediro Gave His Testimony
and Found Bonds lore His
Eyes Were Opened.
' Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
903 Broadway. Feb. 12. )
One of the must remarkable jokes on
• record was played at Haywards yesterday
: when a man was arrested, tried, admitted
]" to bail and put up bonds before being in
formed that the whole proceeding was a
farce. Judge Pimentel was not at home
. yesterday, and Attorney George S. Lan
gan and Marshal Kamage decided that the
• town was too dull to live in and that
something must be done to relieve the
monotony. Just when their thoughts
had thus crystallized a Chinese clam ped
dler entered the town. While he was
m talking to a prospective customer one of
r the boys took his sack of clams and hid it.
This happened in front of the Haywards
Restaurant.
The proprietor ol the restaurant is Man
uel Mediro, and while the Chinaman was
hunting for is cams George Langar. per
suaded him that Mediro had stolen them.
He so impressed this fact on the China
man that he was easily induced to go to
the Justice's Court and swear out a war
. rant for the arrest of Mediro.
W. F. Crane was sitting in Judge
Pimentel's chair and assumed the latter's
• judicial functions. Marsha! Ratnage
served the warrant on Mediro, and as it
was made returnable immediately he
hurried his prisoner to court. Mediro
wanted an explanation, and was told that
the Supervisors had appointed Mr. Crane
■ as Justice while Jndgo Pimentel was out
of town. "Judje" Crane summoned all
the dignity he could muster and the case
proceeded. Attorney Langan making a
most eloquent plea lor his client. He
stated that he was in doubt as to what
charge would be proper for the "Judge
to place against Mediro, for if the clams
roved to be alive it would be a felony,
ut if they were dead it would be simply a
charge of misdemeanor. The man in the
• Judge's chair was considerably puzzled,
and he said that he was not prepared to
' decide such an important question with
out due consideration. He referred to the
code and stated that the penalty for the
• offense was a fine ol $3000 or three years in
San Quentin.
. Finally Mediro was admitted to bail in
the sum of $500 and the case continued for
ten days. After court adjourned Mediro
at once secured bonds, with John Haar
• and Sam Simons as sureties.
Wbfn the affair had gone thus far
Mediro was informed that the whole
matter was merely a hoax, put up to en- j
liven a dull day in town, and the clams
were restored to the Chinaman.
KINDNESS OF A TEACHER
She Prevented an Old Custom
From Hurting Little Folks'
Feelings.
The Valentine Box Contained at Least-
One Package for Eacb, No Matter
How Poor.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,}
■ 908 Broadway, Feb. 12 J
There is a custom in the Oakland pub
lic schools regardin * St. Valentine's day
• that may cause pleasure to some, but cer
tainly brings disappointment and bitter
ness to others. This practice consists of
allowing the scholars to have a Valentine
box, wheTein they may d posit gifts for
their favorite classmates.
This afternoon the box at the Lafayette
School was opened, and many of the most
popular pupils received large numbers of
valentines, ranging in value from a nickel
to a dollar, according to the financ al con
dition of their parents. While many were
thus handsomely remembered, there were
several poorer children whose parents and
friends were not able to give them any
thing so use. ess as a valentine, and con
sequently the sight of their luckier class
mates caused them much disappointment.
Miss Tillie Lisson, a teacher in the
school, noticed the many little woe-begone
faces and decided that so far as she was
' able they would at least think they had
one friend. She called to her one of the
best lads in her class, cave him money
enough to go and purchase a valentine or
- each one that was not remembered, and
after suitably addressing them quietly
placed them in the box. When it was!
acatn opened every scholar in her class
had been remembered, though they did
not know at the time who had helped to
brush away their little tears.
There ha? been a good 'leal of criticism
of permitting this nractice in the public
• schoo.s, and in vi m of the many possible
unpleasant developments It would seem
righ" to have it discontinued. In ail tha
schools there has been for some time a
feeling that a dividing line exists between
children whose lortunes in life vary, but
while this cannot be helped it Is easy 0
avoid any such additional unpleasantness
as is caused by the valentine-box
THE MOSS ESTATE.
The Young Willow linn Filed Her Final
Account.
OAKLAND, Cal, Feb. 12.— Mary Jose
phine Moss has filed her Hrcood and final
account as administratrix of tbe estate of
Franklin Moss, the pioneer farmer of
Brooklyn Township. The report shows
cash received $31, and just about the
same amount paid out.
Moss died in January, 1895, leaving a
. young widow, whom he had married about
a year before, and two grown daughters.
Ho left no will. The estate is now in
shape for distribution, and each of the
'laughters and the widow will receive a
third.
'A Mania for Dei-traction.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 12. — William
Newcum, a desperate maniac who was
once in Stockton Asylum, was again
urreste i for lunacy last night. Newcum
formerly resided in Calaveras County.
After being allowed to leave the asylum
some months ago, he was placed in charge
of an attendant, but he succeeded in get
tint* away, and made his home in tnis
city.
He lived very quietly until, yesterday,
when he made up his mind that he did
not want to leave any estate w en he
died, and he proceeded with an ax to chop
down everything ho could liad. ilede-^
molished two fences and laid low the barn
in the rear of his house, and was chopping
at the foundation of the house when he
was captured. , ;.■"; ■/:.
Two Artists In Jail.
OAKLAND, Cal.. Feb. 12.— Riley
and George Harris, both artists with suffi
cient ability to enable them to earn a
good living, ore in the City Prison, the
former as a tramp, the latter as a petty
lurcenist. Harris has obtained more no
toriety than any other tramp in the coun
try, and Riley is the man who claimed
that Butler Miller, who killed the burglar
at the Franklin residence in San Fran
cisco a year ago, tried to induce him to
play burglar presumably with the inten
tion of shooting him. Both men employ
their spar.? time in making drawings for
the officers.
Damages for a Son's Death.
OAKLAND. Cal... Feb. 12.— Henry A. W.
Abern, lather ol John A. Anern, a brake
man who was killed while coupling cars
at Haywards, has filed a damage suit
azainst the Southern Pacific Company for
$00,000 for the death of his son. The com
plaint is based on the a legation that the
coup ing apparatus was defective and not
of the latest construction.
Young Bride's treason Returning.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 12,— Mrs. Ollie
Rourke, the Colusa bride who became in
sane while visiting Oakland with her hus
band four days after their marriage is
rapidly recovering her reason and may
soon be able to leave Stockton. She is
now quite rational and readily recognizes
her re.atives and lriends.
Howard Must Stand Trial.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 12.— John A.
Howard must stand trial on the charge of
being implicated in the murder of Annie
John-on. This morning the Supreme
Court deni d the application of his attor
ney for a writ of habeas corpus and the
case will now come up for trial in the
Superior Court in regular order.
Evans I« In a Hurry.
OAKLAND, Cal.. Feb. 12.— John Evans,
the man who confessed to eight hurglanes
In this city, was arraigned this mornine.
He said he didn't want an attorney, didn't
want to waste time, was ready to proceed
at once. His cases were set for next
Monday,
POSTAL CARD PRIMARY.
Every Citizen to B? Asked to
Express His Choice for
0 ficers.
Plans tf Encinal City Partisans
to Secure a Full Primary
Vot?.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. 12.— Every voter
whose name appears upon the Great
Register of Alameda County, living in
this city, will be given an invitation to as
sist in naming the candidates tor the vari
ous offices to be tilled at the coming
municipal election. Regardless of former
political standing, he will be requested to
express his choice for every position to be
tilled on the Citizens' Non-Fartisan
ticket. In order to do this the committee
in charge will mail 3000 reply postal cards.
The postal primary, as it is called, is in
vogue in many Eastern cities and in Los
Angeles, where it has given entire satis
faction. A nomination in this way is
equal to an election, for a majority
ot those who vote at the primary will vote
the same way at the election. Instruction
and a request to the addressed to express
his preference for each office will be
printed upon the postal card, while upon
the reply portion, in the Australian ballot
style, will appear the list ot offices to be
tilled with t ie name of allannounced can
didates. As on the ballots, there will be
as many spaces as there are names to-be
voted. In these any club, organization
or individual may write the name of any
person he may choose that is not on the
printed list.
These cards will be addressed to a box
in the postoffice, the key to which will be
in the hands of another committee. They
will not be disturbed until the date limit
is passed for voting, when a public meet
ing will be held and the cards taKen out
and counted. Those receiving the high
est vote will be declared the nominees of
the electors. To guard against fraud a
stamp or seal will .-» placed upon each re
ply portion. This will be identical on all.
so that the vote will bo entirely secret.
This plan is expected to take well with
the "commuters," who will not be com
pelled to run the gauntlet of office-seekers
nor miss their trains while waiting for a
chance to get their votes in. They can de
cide the matter in the quiet of their home,
and then place it in the hands of Uncle
Sam to deposit in the box. In this way it
is expected that a much larger vote can be
secured than could be in any other way.
The following list of names have been
suggested as a committee to take charge
of the primary as representing all of the
political parties in the city: G. H. Payne.
.). F. Ines, G. \V. Scott, Green Majors, H.
F. Michaels, M. Kane, Joseph Knowland
and F. H. McCormack.
The candidates already in the field and
the offices they are willing to accept are:
City Trustees— James S. Hanley. E.J.Holt,
Alexander Mack ie, F. W. Voogt, T. White, T.
C. Stoddard and J. G. Brick.
School Trustees— E. H. Bryan. J. H. Mc-
Nutt, C. A. Brown, W. 11. Davis and R. H. Van
Vo.irbies.
Library Trustees— B. C. Brown, George 11.
Mastick, William 11. B&urhyte, J. 11. Young
berg, Frederick Maurer. Adoiph Heckcr, I. P.
Allen, John Lutgen and P. Browning. ■
Treasurer— Koswell G. Wheeler, E. B. Bul
lock, Lin Palmer and T. C. Stoddard.
City Clerk— J. L. Ballentine and B. F. Lam
born.
City Attorney— E. K. Taylor and R. B. Tap
pan.
Assessor— E. Minor Smith.
border — A. F. m. Sure.
Marshal— Oscar L. Kogers.
Only two City Trustees and two School
Trustees are to be elected. Unless the
measure before the Legislature becomes a
law before election time the Library Trus
tees will not have an opportunity to run
for office, as at present they are appointed.
"Water Kates Discussed.
ALAMEDA, Cal,, Feb. 12.— The Board
of Trustees discussed the water rates for
the ensuing year in executive session last
night until 10:30 o'clock. Superintendent
I. L. Borden was the only outsider pres
ent. While no official statement has been
nor will be made until the next meeting
of the board, it is stated that the existing
rates will stand. They are:
Meter rates, 30 cents per 1000 gallons,
no charge less than $1.
Street-sprinkling and sewer-flushing, 15
cents per ICOO gallons, minimum charge
per flushtank $1 per month.
Water supplied without meter charged
according to estimated meter charge.
Taylor Not a Politician.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. 12.— Harry R.
Taylor, editor of the Nidiologist, who has
been mentioned for the position of City
Clerk at the coming municipal elections,
has come to the belief that he is not poli
tician, enough to. be elected. Hence he
withdraws from the light, leaving ihe
held for J. L. Bulientine and B. F. Lam
born, the incumbent.
'•I am not a politician yet," said he to
day; "can't do the 'glad-hand act' in
good enough shape. Before l I get in line,
if I ever do, you wiil see me practicing
the old thing forseverai years."
Enclnal City "Votes.
The Santa Cruz Chronicle, a weekly German
publication, has been purchased by Messrs.
L. and L. C. llopkcn of the West End. They
will remove the plant to ibis city on the Ist
ol March and publish it here.
The Woman's Exchange and Ladles' Relief
Society have borrowed money to liquidate
their indebtedness. The recent production of
"Much Ado Aoout Nothing" was a linanclai
fai ure and only added to their troubles.
L. C. Fraser, late secretary to James C. Flood
linn brought suit »g*iimt W. W. Graham .'or
$30 claimed to be due on an advertisement,
Graham pays he made a contract for one
month at $2 00, while Fraser holds it was for
a year.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1897.
■ - ' '• - ' ' ■' • ■ ' *" .*■■-■. ■-...■•■ c ■ '.-■'.- 1
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
FELL IN LOVE
WITH A PATIENT
Dr. Leon Marsh Went
South to Marry and
Was Jilted.
When His Money Was Gone Ec
Wanted to Have the Young
Lady Punished.
Miss May W scott's Beauty Creates
Great Havoc at the County
Hospital.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Feb. 12. J
I Dr. Leon Marsh is at Los Angeles, and
when he receives sufficient morey to re
turn to Oakland he will probably resume
his work at the County Infirmary. At
present he is without a bank account,
without jewelry and without a wife, which
MISS MAY WESCOTT, Who Refused to Marry Her Fiance,
Whereupon He Asked the Police to Punish Her.
he confidently expected to hare had be
fore this time.
Miss Wescott, one of the handsomest
girls in Oakland, was a patient at tbe
County Hospital two months ago. While
there she evidently made a success of lay
ing siege to hearts. For a little time she
was engaged to the baker at that institu
tion, but when she returned to her duties
as domestic in the home of Joseph Harris
the baker called once too often, took with
him a purse and various articles of jew
elry, and is now in the penitentiary.
While Miss Wescott was suffering at the
hospital the also captured the affection of
the assistant doctor, and when deprived
of the attention of Baker Ray Dr. Marsh
bad the premier call on her love. He was
deeply infatuated with her, made her val
uable presents, proposed marriage and
was accepted, and a few weeks ago took
Miss Wescott to Los Angeles, where they
were to be married. Before going he drew
the result of three years' savings from the
bank, and presented his fiancee with a dia
mond ring and a diamond pin.
After arriving in Los Angeles Miss
Wescott postponed the ceremony from
! day to day, and the result of it all was
; that last night Dr. Marsh told Chief Glass
| that be had spent all his money, that his
'■ valuables were in the possession o. Miss
i Wescott, who refused to restore them, and
that she had added in-ult to injury by
telling him that she would not marry him
and had gone away.
Dr. Marsh asked the Chief if there was
not some way of pun ling the young
lady for her heartless conduct. Miss Wes
cott was formerly employed by Joseph
Harris, trustee of the First Hebrew Con
gregation, and he said to-day that there
never was a better girl for housework than
Miss Wescott. He said she was thor
oughly trustworthy till her beauty at
tracted the attention of the people at the
hospital, and after that she underwent a
great change.
Dr. Clark, the Superintendent of the
County Hospital, said to-day that he was
not surprised at Marsh's misfortune.
"There is no doubt," said he, "that Miss
Wescott is a very enticing and attractive
young woman, but I frequently warned
Marsh of what he might expect if he did
not curb his infatuation for her. He paid
no attention to anybody's advice, and 1
guess he is now sorry for it. He is the
son of a wealthy West Indian planter and
just such a young man as would be preyed
upon by a designing person such as Miss
Wescott, who has a penchant for causing
people to fall in love with her."
WEDDED ON THE QUIET.
Romantic Marriage of Charles B.
Mills and Miss Ger
trude Mcore.
The Secret Revealed by a Misprint
on a Programme at the Congre
gational Church Cone rt
BERKELEY. Cal., Feb. 12.— The tale
of a secret wedding, interlaced with all
the threads of a hi hly colored romance,
has just come to In-lit. Unannounced
and without the formality winch usually
attends up-to-date weddings, Charles B.
Mills and Mis-** Gertrude Moore, both of
Berkeley, were married ,in San Francisco
last Wednesday evening by Rev. Edwin
H. Jenks. Only the membf rs of the two
families knew, of the wedding until last
evenin •, when the public announcement
of it came about in a most peculiar way.
It was at a church concert that the se
cret was given away. "On the programme
there appeared the title of a musical se
lection from Massenet and another from
Rubinstein, to be rendered by Miss Ger
trude Moore. When the number was
reached the pastor, Rev. George B. |
Hatch, arose and made the surprising an- j
nouncement that the name, "Miss Moore,"
should appear "Mrs. Mills." A tremor of
excitement came over the startled audi
ence, as tnis was the first news they bad
received of the wedding. The bride of
but a day then went forward anil rendered
her two piano selections with as much
ease and grace as any solo she had sung
before the same audience. '
For several months Miss Moore had
sung in the choir of the Congregational
Church side by side with the man who
made her his wife, but there was not the
slightest ground for belief that they were
ardent lovers.
Both the bride and the groom have long
held prominent positions. in the musical
and social circles of the college town.
Prior to his connection with the choir of
the Congregational Church Mills sang
tenor at the Presbyterian Church, which
he finally left, as the story goes, to join
Miss Moore at the Congregational. Their
sudden betrothal is now the talk of tbe
university town, since it is veiled in such
a cloud of mystery.
I'rpubllcan Primary.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 12.—Republi
can prima; will be he.d in Berkeley to
morrow to elect delegates to the party
convention, which is to take place at Odd
Fellows' Hall. One hundred and twelve
delegates are to be selected, chosen from
the seven wards, as follows: First Ward,
25 delegates Second, 17; Third, 27;
Fourth, 11; Fifth, 12; Sixth, 10; Seventh,
10.
The polls will De open at 2 o'clock and
close a- 8. The following » oiling places
and officers have been announced:
First Ward— Voting place, Grand View
Hotel. Officers— lnspector, T. H. Gilbert;
judge. Chester T. Smythe; clerk, Seymour
Jon son.
Second Ward— place. Mrs. Long's res
taurant. Officers — Inspector, J. Spencer;
judge, John Wooley; clerk, E. S. HalL
Third Ward— Voting place. 2135 Stanford
place. Inspector. J. T. Morrison;
judire, F. W. Durgin; clerk, F. R. Nugent.
Fourth Ward— Voting place, A. R. Frame's of
fice, Ashby avenue. Officers— lnspector, Charles
Boag: judge, Thomas ti. Carter, clerk, Edward
Gove. S^t*p^Hr*-ghrn*iMSMi
Fifth Ward— Voting place, englne-honse. Of
ficers—lnspector, Leo Rodgera; judge, Richard
J. Rice; clerk. H. Greenough.
Sixth Ward— Voting place, . Ponen engine
hoube. Officers— lnspector, John Cherry;
judge, Joseph S. tykes; clerk. 13. F. Hamilton.
Seventh W rd— Voting piace, 70« Delaware
street. Officers— lnspector, S. A. Pen well;
judge, John F. Teague; clerk, Alfonso J.Lopez.
Che Endeavorcrs' Parade Postponed.
OAKLAND, Cal.. Feb. 12.— The parade
ol Christian Endeavorers was spoiled to
night by the heavy rainstorm .vhich pre
vailed between 7 and 8 o'clock. At the
appointed time about 500 young people as
sembled at tha First Methodist Church
with torches and banners prepared to get
into line. Just as they were ready to start
tbe rain came down in torrents and the
majority of the crowd started for the First \
Preabvtcrian Church for shelter.
About 250 got into lino and marched a
few blocks, but the grand march was aban
doned. It was decided to have the parade
next Tuesday or Wednesday night.
The Salvation Army was invited to pa
rade, and will probably be in line next
week. At the Presbyterian chinch there
was a large attendance.
Bookmen in Conference.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 12.— The regular
meeting of the Library Association of
Central California was held this evening
at the public library. Dr. E. J. Dupuv
told of his experi nee in French libraries
and Dr. Q. A. Danzier read a paper on
"Books and Bookmen." Henry F. Peter
son gave an interesting sketch of the Oak
land Public Library. Robert A. Cowan
spoke on "California Bibliography." The
meeting closed with a discussion on the
relative merits of indexers and card cata
logues, with the general feeling in favor
of catalogues.
Park Deeds Are Signed.
OAKLAND, Cal.. Feb. 12 —The deed
from J. V. Webster and H. Fishbeck for
the marsh properry at West Oakland re
cently accepted by the city as a site for a
park has been signed and placed in
escrow to bo del.v red to the city as soon
as the city has secured a certificate of
tltle"to the property. In a few days the
work of rilling in will be commenced, the
money having already been appropriated
for that purpose.
HE DUNNED AND WAS DONE.
Kavanagh, the Tailor, TVaa Knocked
Down by .-» Debtor.
John Kavana-ih, a tailor, claims to have
been knocked down by George J. Goula, a
"capitalist," of whom he asked an ac
counting for goods furnished. Kivanagh
wants Goula arrested for battery, and he
has sworn out a warrant to that effect.
Goula appears to acknowledge the in
debtedness, but objected to the undue
way of Kavanagh, who presented his bill
in an improper manner on the highway.
Two *N'amea for One Testator.
M. C. Hassett has petitioned the Superior
Court for the probate of tho will of the late
Catherine Schneider, sometimes known as
Catherine Morgan, who left property worth
iHOOO. Mr. liasxeti is named n» executor with
out bonds and the estate is to be divided be
tween the testator* two children. Tho will
Is remarkable for the fact that it bee-ins "I
Catherine Schneider, do bequeath," etiS 'at d
concludes, "In witness whereof 1 have 'here
unto set my hand and seal. Catherine Mor
gan." .
Accidental Asphyxiation.
James Farrell, a railroad man, who has been
for some months out of employment, was
found In his room at 621 Bush street yester
day morning unconscious from the effects of
gas, tin* jet in his room belnr; partially turned
on. Farrell claims that the gas was not
turned on intentionally, and an unclosed
window in the room supports his slaiemcnt
that he had no intention of committing
suicide. He will recover. - I,uai!
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
THREE HUSBANDS
AND NOT NINETEEN
Edith E. Elliot of Niles
Breaks the Matrimonial
Record.
Divorced Last Monday From Her
Second Husband, Who Was
Cruel to Hsr.
Now Has a License to Wed the
Third Time in Two
Years.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
<JOB Broadway, Feb. 12 J
Edith E. Elliot of Niles, who is not yet
19 years of age, was* granted a license this
afternoon to wed Edward B. Wind rum of
West Berkeley, ' who is four years her
senior. This is the third time that Mrs.
Elliot has appeared at the matrimonial
altar In her young life.
A little over two years ago when she was
but little more 16 years of age, Edith El
liot's affections were won by a young man
named La Fleche. Believing in his
protestations of love, she consented to be
come his wife,. and was married to Lim
about two years ago. Her dream of hap
piness soon faded away, and ' before she
was a wife a week she was deserted. Mrs.
La Fleche waited lor a year lor her hus
band to return, but as he did not come to
her support, she procured a divorce and
was awarded the custody of her little
child.
Soon after obtaining her divorce she
met Elliot, who was a janitor at the uni
versity. He succeeded in convincing the
young girl that he would provide her and
her child with a commonable home, and
within a short time she was again led to
the altar. The second venture did not
prove any more successful than the first.
Elliot's love, almost before the honey
moon was over, cooled off, and he treated
her with indifference and cruelty. As the
result of his unmanly treatment the young
wife was forced to leave him and tane up
her abode with her folks at Niles.
Last week het divorce proceedings were
beard, and on Monday lust a decree of di
vorce was entered. The young lady, how
ever, evidently does not caro for; single
blessedness, and this afternoon a license
was granted for her to make a third at
tempt at matrimony. Ti i» time her hus
band is a bricklayer at West Berkeley, and
his general standing is such as to justify
the hope that he will prove a better hus
band than either of bis predecessors.
BEFORE THE COUNCIL
The Street Railroad Employes!
Appeal to the Union
Men.
A Statement That the Sutro Line Will
Close if the Bill Becomes
a Law-
The San Francisco Labor Council de
liberated long and earnestly last evening
as to -what action to take upon Sam
Brannhardt's 2"j cent streetcar bill now
before the Legislature. It was brought
about by Harry Knox, who is now aa em
ploye on the Sutro Electric Railway.
He stated that during the afternoon a
large number of railroad hands on that
line had held a meeting in the carhouse,
where the measure was discussed. Mr.
Sutro had stated, so Knox said, that if
the bill became a law he will be obliged
to cease operating the road.
Knox stated that Mr. Sutro said that
as it is he himself is obliged to pay many
of the bids for the operation of the road,
as it does not pay its own expenses.
For this there are several reasons. One
is that the road accepts and issues a large
number of transfers to and from other
lines, which really means 2} 2 cents for all
transfer passengers. The whole 5-cent
passenger travel is very small indeed.
Knox asked thai the Council instruct its
representatives at Sacramento to do all
in their power to get Braunhardt to with
draw the bill.
He apologized for making the request,
slating that he only represented unorgan
ized railroad employes, who dare not at
tempt to form a labor union. However,
these men need help. Ii the bill be passed
it will mean a cut in the road men's
wag's from 25 to 50 cents a day, and the
wages now paid are as low as the men can
stand. The Market-street combine, he
-aid. is not fiebting the bill because its of
ficials look upon the proposition as a cinch
bill. r."-;-;
Furthermore, if tbe bill passes, it will
give the combine a chance to cut their
men's wages, which they have long de
sired a good excuse to do. Tney will also
take this us an excuse for refusing to is
sue transfers and thus make the people
p y two or perhaps three 2J^-cent fares.
In this the laborers who live on the out
skirts of the City will ba the greatest suf
ferers
A resolution was introduced in accord
ance with Knox's request, and after a long,
argument it was decided to refer it to the
labor convention, which will meet next
Sunday.
Several letters were read from the Pa
cific Coast Representatives at Washington,
promising to do all possible to preserve
the rights of sailors. One from Senator
Perkins was as follows:
I am In receipt of yours of January 26, with
resolutions relating to the rights of seamen.
I am glad to get the resolutions, and shall
make DM of them as 1 can in behalf of Ameri
can sailors. Yours very truly.
Geor'jk C. Perkins.
The executive committee recommended
the passage of resolutions condemning M.
A. Gur.st tor the manner in which he re
ceived the committee from the Interna
tional Cigarmakers*. Union.
Tho secretary was instructed to write to
the secretary of the Manufacturers' and
Producers' Association, assuring the latter
body of the hearty co-operation of the
council in the matter of the anti-convict
made goods movement. "*
LABOR BUREAU TROUBLES."
Its Free "Employment Department May
Possibly Have to Be Abandoned.
The Labor Bureau seems to be a moun
tain on Labor Commissioner Fitzgerald's
hands jut at present. He has returned
from Sacramento and is very dubious as to
its prospects. .
Though the outlook is bad he has not
yet given up hope" of having the hill fo
•:.'■■ r
the reorganization, of the bureau passed.
With tne old appropriation he deems* it
impossible to carry on the Free Employ
ment Bureau, fitted up an I in part main
tained by subscriptions from business
men. . ?u-.:.
There are sixty-nine employment agen
cies in the State. It requires $138,000 an
nually to carry on their business. There
is no law to regulate the agencies in any
way.
Figures gathered in the early history of
the bureau demonstrated that in .five
months it had furnished employment to
5845 persons w thout costing them a ceut.
The State appropriated for this purpose
only $4500.
HE CHANGED HIS MIND.
Carl Moeller Go' Very Drunk Instead
of Committing Suicide.
There was considerable activity around
the Morgue yest- relay, caused by the re
ceipt of the following letter:
San Francisco, Feb. 11, 1897.
Friend Suhr: You Will find my dead body
In the office or in tbe hop room of the Colum
bia Brewery, 326 Clementina street. Please
notify tbe Coroner, and if It can be prevented
do not take me \o the Morgue, as it is a clear
case. Yours, with kind regards. *
Carl Moeller,
Deputy Coroner O'Brien started out to
find the remains of the supposed late
lamented, and on his way to the Columbia
Brewery he learned that Undertaker
Suhr had received a similar letter and
was also in search of the body. After
hunting through tbe hop room and stable
the search was given up as a bad job.
Later in the day the Coroner's deputies
learned that Moeller was out on Twen
tieth and Valencia streets and was very
comfortably drunk.
BSAVE3 IN COUNCIL.
A "Resolution In Favor of the Proposed
Tax Amendment.
There was a lieht attendance at the
Iroquois Club meeting last night on ac
count of the wet weather. It was an
nounced that the annual banquet in honor
of the State League of Iroquois Clubs
would take place at the Delmonico on
Washington's birthday. William J.
Biyan has been invited and he may at
tend.
A resolution favoring the bill now pend
ing In the Legislature to submit to the
people the proposed amendment which
proposes to remove the constitutional re
striction on taxation and leave it to local
control was passed.
HEIR TO VAST ESTATES.
Remarkable Fortune of the De
la Montanya Family of
This City.
Has Inherited the Valuable and His*
toric Property of Hampton
Curt, England.
The De la Montanya family of this City
has won a warm smile from the goddess
of fortune, having recently fallen heir to
one of the finest properties in England.
Through the collateral heirship of Mrs.
de la Montanya the lady has inherited
the historical mansion known as Hampton
Court, Middlesex, England. She is a
great - granddaughter of the fate Lord
Compton. The village is located about
twelve miles from Hyde Park Corner and
on the north bank of tbe Thames River.
The court was originally erected by
Ca rdinal "Wolsey in 1515, and nine years
later the builder presented it to Henry
VIII, and it became the King's favorite
residence. The fine gardens, under Wil
liam 111, were extended to over forty
acres. The palace in 1641 was sold by Par
liament, and a little later it fell into the
hands of Oliver Cromwell. In lateryears
the premises were occupied by people of
rank who were in reduced circumstances.
The De la Montanya family tree reaches
back many generations, and the historic
property now comes to the present own
ers through the Van Horri branch, of
which Lord Compton was a descendant.
Another piece of good fortune also
comes to the De la Montanyas. During
the roundhead persecution a large sum of
money was sent to Holland and deposited
in the banks there.
This, too. will be returned to the fam
ily. Mrs. de la Montanya exnects, as one
of the heirs of Anneke Jans, to realize a
larj*e inheritance from her ancestor. List
evening she -tated that after awhile she
will go to England and take possession of
her inheritance there, but as yet no defi
nite plans have been formed. The large
local bdsiness of Mr. de la Montanya will
be continued by his nephews.
MARTY READY W ITH BONDS
The Milkman Who Tried to
Bribe a Supervisor Is
Indicted.
Morris Asher, the Attorney Charged
With Connivinr at a Perjury to
Fcoi the Court, Exonerate.
.The Grand Jury yesterday found an in
dictment against Frank Marty, the milk
man, charging him with "offering a
bribe" of $1000 to Supervisor Dodge as a
m ans of securing the contract for sup
plying milk to the City and County Hos
pital and the Almshouse.
Marty has not been ignorant of the in
tention of the Grand Jury to indict him,
and has been in readiness for a week with
bis bonds in $5000.
The case of Morris Asher, the attorney,
brought before the Grand Jury at th» in
ATW TO-DAY.
§Now Is
Yourjime,
SPECIAL SALE
Our Customers. FOR ONE WEEK.
Trusses - - - 75c
We Guarantee a Perfect Fit.
Elastic Stockings - - $1.50
Electric Belts - $1.50 to $20.00
The $20 Belt Guaraiue- <1 I- VUI to the Belt
tnai is sold by oth.-rs for $50.
Obesity Belts — - - $2.00
Crutches - - - - $1.75
FREE COMLTATION.
Our physician will give free con-
sultation and diagnosis daily.
NO-PERCENTAGE PHARMACY
- 953 Marls.et Street,
South side, bet. Fifth and sixth.
Auction Bales
J. C. MOTHER. AL'CTIOSEER.
Office— 632 Market Street.
I WILL SELL THIS DAY,
Saturday... February 13 I «">7.
At 1765 ELLAS &.., NEAR 171 H,
Commencing at II a m. sharp, alt the
Elegaut Furnishings of a Very Fine Flat
of 6 Kooms, in jiii- I:
1 Very Elegant Silk Plus-'* Parlor Suit, which
cost $125; Fine 1 ace Curtains and Brussels Car-
pets throughout the house: Very Handsome Hat-
rack and Elegant Modern Walnut. Chamber *-uit,
which cost *! 25; also fine Molng-room ' Furni-
ture; 1 Pine W. H. Winthrop Range; Superb Bed-
dim,' am Feather Rid; Crockery, Agate Ware
and everything necesi ry to furn"i-h a fine home.
P. .-.— these goods are only six months In use
an i are equal to new, and all must be sold with
out reserve. . -'.-■.
DISSOLUTION SALE.
Monday, the 15tli ay of February, 1897
At 11 o'clock a. M., at
1057 MARKET STREET. OFF. JONES,
By mutual agreement, we the undersigned. B.
-V. Bin salt and 11. J. l entboltz doing business as
auctioneers under the firm name of Indiana Auc-
tion Company, hereby a^ree to sell a; public auc-
tion above named business, tond'tmg of isto. Ie on
Hand Fixture*. Good Will, and Boole Accounts.
inventory « ill be for Inspection at our o.'lice Mon-
day morning trom 8 o'clock. If not sold as a
whole the stuck will be sold piecemeal.
Any and all hills against Indiana Auction Com.
pany. B. li. Birdsail or H. J. Letnliol we request
be sent to our office, where they will be paid.
INUIANA AUCTION COMPANY,
B. M. BIRDSALL. H. J. LEUTHOLTZ.
GROCERY AUCTION.
THISDAT (Saturday) At 11 A. M.
< omen Fifteen: and (jinn Sts.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIF:LD. Auctioneer,
602 Market Street.
stance of Judge Wallace, occupied a large
part of the afternoon. Asher was attorney
for Livingston Bros., who became insol
vent some time ago, but were indicted for
perjury in having withheld certain assets
from "their sworn statement. On their
trial a few days ago they declared they
had not taken the oath, to which they
had subscribed, and the notary, having
since died, tbe prosecution fell.
Judge Wallace charged the attorney
with having connived at an imposition on
the court that constituted felony. He
wae arrested and subsequently gave bail
in $3000. He was given a Bearing by the
Grand Jury and explained that he simply
introduced his clients to the notary, and
if they did not take the oath be knew
nothing ol it. The jury returned no true
bill and instructed the District Attorney
to write a statement of the facts to Judge
Wallace.
The jury is looking into the case of C. P.
Harris, stockbroker, who failed some time
ago. Mrs. M. N. Barckley, who suffered
losses through the failure and who has
been in pursuit of Harris ever since, is
agitating the prosecution.
H. W. Hannernann. A. S. Hubbard and
Aurelius Buckingham, the committee to
whom was referred the subject of gas in
spection and to ascertain the duties of the
gas inspector, report as a result of their
inquiries that the office is a very important
one as it comes within the ranee of his du
ties to ascertain if the City is at any time
using and paying for more gaslight than
is necessary. They further report that the
incumbent has already proved himself a
thorough-going, efficient officer, seeking
to familiarize himse.f with all the duties
of his ' ffice; that he has already recom
mended to the Board of Supervisors the
discontinuance of a large number of gas
lights in various parts of the City as un
necessary, saving to the City a sum
amounting to about ?4500 per annum. The
committee recommend that the office be
continued.
A Conference Regarding Freights*
A conference regarding freight rates was
held at the SouthernPacitic building, Montgo
mery and Market streets.yesterday. The following
officials were present: Edward Chambers, gen
eral freight agent at Los Ancreles of the South
ern California Railroad; C. F. Smurr. g-neral
freight agent of the Son them Pacific; G. W.
Luce, assistant freight agent of same, and A.
D. Shepard, assistant general freight and pas
senger agent of the Southern Pacific at Los
Ange.es. The question of the freights bet ween
here and Los Angeles and San Diego, and
other points relative to freights, were dis
cussed. -ggSCSSS
NEW TO-DAY.
When I say I cure I do not mean merely to stop
them for a lime and then have them return again. I
mean a radical cure. I have made the disease of
FITS, EPILEPSY or FALLING SICKNESS a life-
long study. I warrant my remedy to cure the worst
cases. Because others have failed is no reason for
not now receiving a cure. Send at once for a treatise
and a Free Bottle of my infallible remedy. Give .Ex-
press and Postotßce address.
> F.D.,4Ce(larSt. > NewYorK
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 KEAB.W ST. Established
in IKS'* for the treatment of Private)
Disease*, Lost manhood. Debility or
disease wearing oitbodyand mind and
Skin Diseases. I'hpdcctorcureswhoii
others fail. Try him. Charges low.
<■•■«— Knar-m i <•<•<]. Callorwrite.
Br. J. F. seIMMS.UaK. 1957. 5 an Francisco.
THE
WEEKLY
GALL
iol It Publishes the Cream of tho
rJ News of the Week and
o{ MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
J. ORIGINAL FEATURES.
3 IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
°\ PAPER ON THE
ol PACIFIC COAST
3 Always Republican, but Always
j*l • Fair and Impartial in Its
°\ Rendering of the Po-
ol litical News,
-J It's the Paper to Send East if
J You Want to Advertise
~J California.
i The Best • \ / Mining
~j Telegraphic \y News That
°\ Service on . /TV Is Accurate
oi The Coast / \& up to data
4 / \ .
°\ Not a Line of it Sensational
ol or Faky, and Not a Line of
ol it Dry or Uninteresting.
"j A PAPER TOR THE COUNTRY FIRESIDE
ol Bright, Clean. I A Champ' on of
1 . Thoughtful. Truth.:'-'
5 " a
D A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
~J ALL THE TIME.
3IT ADVOCATES I SENT BY
n HOME MAIL, 51.50
oi INDUSTRIES " ! A YEAR.
3 THE CALL SPEAKS TOR #UE
1112
DRANK AND PLUNDERED.
Burglars Enjoy Themselves in Mulliu &
Phillips' Saloon.
Mullin & Phillips' saloon, corner of
Union and Powell streets, was entered by
burglars early yesterday morning and
about $20 wortn of liquors and cigars were
Etolen. The thieves effected an entrance
into the saloon by picking the lock of the
Gladiator Club room, next door, and then
forcing a small door in the rear. Once
inside the room they had things their
own was*, lleer glasses half empty and
partially consumed cigars lay promiscu
ously around tue room.
Trie Gladiator Club is also minus a
punching-bag and two pairs of boxing
gloves. _____________
SAN FRANCISCO '"CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call—
710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
filf-ht in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
389 Hayes street, open until 9:3o o'clock.
616 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
6W. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, open
until 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock,
1305 Polk street: open un II 9:30.
CHURCH NOTICES.
(£■""""""-• FIRST PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH.
fit"—"' cor. Van Ness aye. and Sacramento St.— Rev.
Robert Mackenzie, D.D.. pastor: Rev. Edwin H.
Jenks, oc-pastor. Dr. Mackenzie will preach at
11 a. M. Mr. Jenks will preach at 7::0 p. M.
Sunday-school at -:45 P. _ : Y. P. S. C. E. at 6:16
p. m. Prayer-meeting Wednesday at BP. it. All
are welcome.
•"t"-"-*S-» FIRST UNITED PRESBYTERIAN"
(*>-»' Church. Golden Gate aye., cor. of Polk sL
Rev. M. M. Gibson, D.D.. pastor. Services at 11
a. M. and 7:30 p. m. Young people's services at
6:30 p. M. Subject for the rr.ornlru -"irvices,
'•Why Are 'l here so Few Conversions?" For the
e%-enlne service. "The Sober Mind Versus Re-
vivals." Seats free. Cordial welcome to all.
"CSS» HOWARD PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH,
t**-^ cor. tiak ana Baker sts.— Rev. F. R. Farrana,
pastor. Services at 11 a. m. and 7:45 P. it.
Morning subject: '-The Feast In the Fa ace of
Susa," tbe lirst in the series on "The Story of
Esther." Evening subject: "Gather Up the Frag-
ments." i-abbath school at 9:30 a. it. Y. P. S.
C. K. at 6:45 P. M. Prayer-meeting Wednesday
evening. Young people's chorus and social Friday
evening. Ail cordially Invited.
*"C"~-p SIMPSON MEMORIAL METHODIST
t*--* Episcopal Church, cor. Hayes and Buchanan
sts.— Rev. John Stephens, pastor; residence, 309
Haight st. Preaching at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m.
The pastor will preach at both services, Sub-
ject al 11 a. it.; "Do Thlj and Receive That." At
7:30 p. M.: "An Affair of the Hear;." Sunday-
school at 12:30 p.m.. C. B. Perkins superintendent,
Fipworth League service at 6:80 p. M. The public
cordially invited to all the services of this church.
Seats free. Ushers In attendance. Prayer-meeiing
Wednesday evening at 7 :45 o'clock.
•jt^S 5 TRINITY M. E. CHURCH. CORNER
S"-^ Sixteenth and Market sts.— Rev. F. F.
Jewell, pastor. Services morning 11 o'clock:
evening 7:30. Sunday-school 12:?0 p. it.: John
Dyar. su: eriotendenL The pi stor will preach
morn ng and evening. Morning subject, "iiir
church Family;" evening, "Shots r-tred at al
Blind Beggar" All are cordially invited to at-
tend. Seats tree. Pastor's residence, 3631 Six- \
teenth s .
■"r*"-"-"S=- HOWARD-STREET METHODIST EPIS- I
w--* 5 copal Church, bet. Second and Third streets, (
two blocks from Palace Hotel— Rev. W. W. Case.
D.D.. pastor. Hours of public services. 11 a. si. and
7:30 p.m. Sundav-scnooi at 12:30 Prayer meet-
ing Wednesday evening, 7:45. Epwortli League, .
6:30 Sunday evening. Morning: sermon by Rev. |
Dr. ,Dille. Evening: sermon by Rev. M. V. Don-
aldson. Pastor's residence, 140 Hawthorne sreet,
near the church; telephone Red 961. Church
telephone, .black 961.
BtrS-' CENTRAL METHODIST EPISCOPAL
l*-* Church, Mission St., beL Sixth ana Sev-
enth—Rev. Joseph H. Smith of Philadelphia will
preach m-rnlngantl evening. He will also con-
duct a Pentesco'tal Love Feast service at 9:30
a. m., and a *>pecial young people's service at 6:15
p. M. Mr. smith will preach each evening during
the week at 7:30 p it., and give a Bible renting at
2p.m. All-lay meeting Wednesday, beginning
at 9 a- M. Sunday-school to-day at lr x. Mr.
Smith will conduct services to-day (--atu day) at
2 p. m and 7:30 p. M. AU are come to all these
services.
9T^= CHEAPEST AND BEST IX AMERICA—
S---*- 5 ' THE WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address
In the United Stales or Canada one year for ?1 50,
postage free.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
C*^S» EXCELSIOR DEGREE vt^ULUL'^^
C**- 6 ' Lodge No. 2, I. O. O. F. — Uegu- *? , '**22»
lar meeting THIS EVENING. Second "%^""*-3*s£?
degree will be conferred. »^7iK"y**
A. K. KINGSFORD, D. M.
Jf*-"""*"---* UNITY LODGE NO. 131, I. -*yHnui f -
**-* r O. O. >.. sixteefrTtl and Valen- -S^*a*_*_T-
cia streets.— Orhcers and members are =ss*jS**S?
hereby notified to as-enible at the -^"v"" i; >"**
lodge.oom. --UNDAY, February 14, at 1 o'clock.
r it., for the purpose of attending the funeral of !
our late brother. SAMUEL FOKSYTHE.
HENRY a. SIOHR, N. G.
William 1 hack era Rec. sea
-*£"""g"- YELBA PLENA LODGE No. 1788, X
ft*-* 9 of H. — Members will asemble In their |
lodgeroom, Alcazar building, SUNDAY, February
14. at 1 o'clock B. M.. to attend the funeral of our
late brother. SAMUEL FORSYTHE, a. sixteenth t
and Valencia streets. By order of the Dictator.
R. H. XOBLE, Reporter. ]
KS> PIOSEE RS.— ~Z*zrx^Zr
\£^~& Members of the *-o- JOy *v)r - f^SyvV
clety of California Pioneers /TVTOW!':ijfe-**iv3'A
are requested to attend Ihe N*«&^w££sS*\sm
luneral cf our Ute mem- jfyJwlSr*«^*4fsT
ter, J-. SEPH GORDON, /ytj Jj"f^*ig>
from the Jlrst Presbyter- ms\aV^ a_L__r MS
lan Church, corner Van Ness aye. and Sbcramento
reel, SATURDAY. February 13. at 1 o'clock
P. M. Please wenr the usual funeral badge.
JOHN F. PINKHaM, Marshal.
■"-"""-■g-* ST. ANDREW'S SOCIETY— . •**_*• >.
wf*-^ Members are requested to attend 3V, tiiUU
the funeral of our la :cllow-member, >K*.Y^t
JOS I'll GORDON (Uncle Joe). Tills *«=9>%
DAY (Saturdaj), from the I- ir.it Presbyterian
Churcl', Van Ness aye. and Sacramento sL, a: 1
o'clo- k. By order. A. WI^KIE, Presideul. |
W. C. Cook. Secretary.
•JfT^TIl REGULAR ANNCALMKETINGOF !
Of-*? the members of theßishop Armita<e Church I
Orphanage -.1! beheld at the oflice the secretar**,
630- California st., room 38. on i ebruary 23. 1897,
at 12 m., for the purpose of rcvls-n-j or amenuing
the by-laws of said corporation or adopting new
by-laws and for the election of trustees for the en-
suing year; also for the transac. ion or such other
business as may come before the meeting.
"Bfgg"| L. WADIIAM, Secretary.
SPECIAI. NOTICES.
|*"-"""3-» THEY SELL ALL DRY GOODS, YARN,
V***-*' table linen, lece curtains, towels, hosiery,
underwear, corsets, embroidery, laces, buttons, I
linings, threads. handkerchiefs, veilings, etc., very j
cheap at l'ioneer Dry l»ood* store, 105 Fifth su
*KS=* BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR M: i
&^*>" collet I. ons made: city or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 415 Montgy st., room ii; tel. 5680.
E*fc^"s-» DR. BASSET REMOVED FROM PUR.
i**-»* lan bulldlnz to 908 ueary st.: fl. East ?57.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
*t^» DIVIDEND NOTICE-DIVIDEND NO.
sA^S" 40 (twenty-five cents per share) of the
hin-on Sugar Plantation com i nay will be
payable at the ollice of the company. ft""*} Mar et
street, on and after Saturday, Feartiarv 20. 1*:97.
Transfer books will close Saturday, February .3
1897. at 12 o'clock m. t _. H. SHELDON. '
' Pet re ary .
. SITUATIONS "iVANTEO-FEMALE.
ERMAN EMPLOYMENT OFFICE, 306
v J Mason st. TeL main 6332, furnishes best help;
all nationalities.
*»»"" ELL-RECOMMENDED WOMAN WHO IS A
'» compeient cook would like position to do
downstairs work and cooxiug. 1103 Powell.*,
"\roUNG WOMAN WISHES POSITION AS
J. housekeeper: no trihers; references. Address
B. M. D.. bos 184, CalL
"\rOUXG GERMAN GIRL WOULD LIKE TO
1 have position for upstairs work; wages $15 to
» 20. Please Inquire at 1 16 Hyde st.
BY WOMAN OF MIDDLE AGK POSITION AS
housekeeper, or to care for Invalid. Call or •
address J.. Young Women's Christian Association
1221 O'Farrell a..
ACCOMPLISHED YOUNG . LADY' WITH
many attractions wants place a- nouseke-iier
in bachelor's or widower s home. Room 2, 223 Post.
DRESSMAKER: F*I RST - CLASS FITTER;
stylish draper and des'ijner: thorough dress-
maker; by the day. MISS WARWICK, 104 (.rove.
"\TOCNG GIRL. WITH SOME KNOWLEDGE
J of typesetting would like position; wng-s no
Object Address or call 4V5r Glover st.
I ADY WOULD LIKE TO DO PLAIN SEW-
J j ing and repairing at home. Apply 131 Taylor
St.. room 2. . . : .
COMPETENT WOMAN WANTS HOUSE-
_ work; good cook and laundress. Call or ad-
dress 3480 Sevanteentfi at., uear Guerrero.
'"Y"OUNG WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE
X day, washing, ironing or any kind of work.
44334 X atom a sL *
YOUSG WIDOW OF MANY, ACCOMPLISH-
X meats, lately from the- East, desires house-
keeper's i-lace: bachelor's or widower's home pre-
ferred. 13i/ Sixth sl, room 2. *
SITUATIONS "WANTED— Continue*.
SCANDINAVIAN WIDOW. WITH GIRL 5
0 years o d. would like position as working home-
keeper. 4 48 1/2 Naioma st,
"TV - ANTED — POSITION A 8 WORKING
if housekeeper, by youuj woman: country pre-
ferred; wages $25; gcod reference. 777 Market
St., room 6.
LADY OF EXPERIENCE DI SIRES POSI
\j tiou as housekeeper In lodging-house or wid-
ower's home. Room 21, 220 Third st
GERMAN WOMAN WANTS WORK' BY' THE
day washing, ironing or bousecleanlng. Call
or address 232 Shipley.
FIRST-CLASS laundress and CHAM-
bermaid wa is work In private family; ,«*ltv or
couniry; best ot reierences. 515 Eighth, Oakland.
W ANTED- A SITUATION IN A PRIVATE
" faml y by yonng woman for housework; Is *>
good cook; Jewish family preierred; wa^es $'-0. 1
A. B , box 71, v all Office, I
pOMPETKNT WOMAN, LATELY' FROM THE i
v^ East: is a floe American cook and b ker: is |
kind to chi dren and will « or . in an Itisitution; |
city or country. 1024 Howard st., room 26.
WANTKD— aw* kind OF WORK BY the:
i » day, or plain sewing. Call or address S. F., I
246 oak st. gStfig
"yOUNG WOMAN WOULD LIKE TO DO I
X light housework: has small child: country I
preferred; best of reference; Call, bo 8. CalL
T ADY WOULD LIKE A POSITION AS
J J housekeeper, hotel or lodging-house. Apply
13Sa Fourth street, room 4
"yOUNG LADY, FORMERLY' IN GOOD CIR-
-1 cv instances, desires a lucrative position as
in us keeper: or will do gentlemen's mending.
120 Eills st., room Is, second floor.
RESPECTABLE WOMAN WANTS WORK BY'
the day washing, Ironing, nursing or general
housework: $1 day and carfare. Address MRS.
Jackson, mvi Minna st,
liriDOW, AMIABLE EXCELLENT COOK,
»' exquisite housekeeper, desires place as man-
ager In widower's b m- or will travel as nurse or
private secretary. 11 48 -Suiter, room 35, third floor.
COLORED GIRL DESIRES SITUATION AS
lady's maid or nurse for children : references;
wages $15; well educated. 1519 Jackson st.
"ll*- ANTED— POSITION AS HOUSEKEEPER
" or sewing in family by a Mason's wife; good
references. M. A. W.. box 107, Ca 1.
Tir ANTED BY A RESPECTABLE WIDOW—
» ' SLua ion as housekeeper or housework in a
famly of adults; isa good cook. Call •■ 14 Filbert.
EXPERIENCED SWEDISH GIRL WISHES
second work, or as parior-mald preferred. Call
at 1009 Clay st.
lir ANTE D— POSITION BY MIDDLE-AGED
" lady as housekeeper or care of an invalid.
2933 i wenty-secend st.
SUBSCRIPTIONS AND WANT ADS FOP. THE |
Call taken at branch office, 339 Hayes sL; I
open until 9 :3J o'clock.
Tir ANTED— POSITION AS HOUSEKEEPER
'I by young Udy. Cail or address 777 Market
St., room 19.
SITUATION AS WETNURSE ADDRESS
Nurse, 749 Market st.
yOUNU GERMAN GIRL WOULD LIKE
X place lor second work and sewing. Address
499 HaUblst.: telephone Pine 3354.
"Y r OUNG LADY WOULD LIKE A PLACE AS
-L housekeeper In a bachelor's or widower's
home -Room 1, 1035 Market au
yOUNG EASTEKN WIDOW OF R FINE-
-L ment ana culture desires a position as manag-
ing nousekeeper in widower's or bachelor's house.
Room 2, 122 Post st.
LADY' OF EXPERIENCE DESIRtS A Posi-
tion as housekeeper in lodging-house or wid- {
ower's home. Room 3, 995 Market st.
|
71 O LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
' XO CALL: subscriptions an : want ads taken. <
FINED EASTERN WIDOW, EX PERI- |
enced housekeei er. desires a situation as j
housekeeper for a widower; country preferred. ■
Room 9, '-38 Kearny St., from 10 a. m. to 9 p. m.
yOUNG DANISH GIRL WANTS PLACE TO I
X do general housework and cooking: small fam-
ily. Call 638 Ivy aye.. bet. Buchanan and Lacuna.
Situation wanted by a girl who !
speaks French to lane care of children: good
reference. D. M. C, box 61. Call Offi c.
"\7-OUNG GERMAN GIRL WANTS SITUATION I
X at general housework; wages $20. Call or ad- I
dress 540*/ Bryant SL
GIRL WANTED TO ASSIST WITH H> USE- :
work Apply between 9 and 12 at 2114 ;
Green st.
"I ADY WOULD LIKE A SITUATION AS !
J * housekeeper for widow, gentleman with chil- |
dren orcook for sor 6 gentlemen. MRS. A. DA-
DAMI, 313 Suiter.
Tir ANTED— BY' 2 PROTESTANT SIftTERS
'» cbambernorif and waiting at table or cooking: j
country preferred. Call 248 Fourth sL
COMPETENT COOK WISHES SITUATION |
in private family: would do general house-
work in strati family. Call at 227 Hayes st.
TV"aNTED— BY A YOUNG WOMAN IN HO-
II tel am sewing, mending or care of linen-
room: sleeps home. Call or address 112 Eighth
y-'U-li LADY DESIRE-J POSITION AS
X housekeeper. Call 112 Taylor st., room 14.
WANT ADS AND SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
" Thr Call are taken at Branch office, toutb-
west corner sixteenth and Mission si*
INCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
'» Mar-ret: 200 rooms *-5c >o $160 per night:
$1 50 to $6 per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus and bacgage to and from me lerry.
SW COR. SIXTEENTH ST., NEAR MlS-
sion: branch office of Tit i Call. Sub- j
scriptions and want ads taken.
WEEKS NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — Tiitt
-rV WEEKLY CALL. In wracner. for mailing.
SITUATIONS WANTED MALE.
HUNTER A CO.. CHINESE AND JAPA-
nese employment office. 17 Webb st.. below
Kearney, nr.Cal.: tel. main 231. W.C.YOUNG, mgr
CHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
office; best help 4111/--, O'FarrelL Tel. E. 426.
JAPANESE INTELLIGENCE AGENCY. R.
*KLS:. Ann's bl'g, 6 Eddy st.: tel luain 5234.
CHINESE & J.'PAM-feh; EsT'D 20 V EARS:
.leipiteimiiUi 1997. BRADLEY AC ■>. .640 Clay
SITUATION WANTED AS JANITOR OR TO
do general work around institution or some
large place where there ia p en-y ot work, by a
middle-age! man: handy wi.h iooIb; is. painter j
and p» per- banger by trade. Address C. J. E., box I
108. Cull Office.
OUNG MAN. STENOGRAPHER, SEVERAL j
J- years' experience In commercial work, wishes
position in who^esaie-house or law office; -s 1 refer-
ences furnished; salary secondary consideration.
Please address X. L., box 47, CalL
SITUATION WANTED BY MARRIED MAN
wiiti references as a grainfarm foreman; wi.l
work at anything, wile wi. cook tor 3 or 4 men if
desired. Address E. S., 726 Mission sL, room 7.
1 EXPERIENCED ARCHITECTURAL I
J draughtsman, artist, superintendent builders)
assistant, wl h some knowledge of bookkeeping, |
wants employment of any kind. "_, box 6b. Call. J
\* IDDLE-AGED MAN. ONCE mar lED, ■
ill. wishes situation as nurse to person of either
sex ; no training, but intelligent, p .lien: and kind;
references given. Address G. A. P., box 125,' Call. ;
EXPERIENCED RANCH FOREMAN DE-
.si us position. C. Ml LLER, 210 Clipper st |
IirANTED— SITUATION BY YOUNG GER-
»* man as nikht cash.er or waiter, who can open
oysters In restaurant or oyster-house. Address
O. X.. box 107, Call Office.
P-IRST-CLASSCOACHMAN; UNDERSTANDS
X hand, ng horses: good gardener; has always
worked aiound (irsi-c.ass families; best or refer-
ences: good milker. Address Reliaoie, box 140,
Call Office.
CAPABLE AND HONEST MAN WANTS
piece as porter In saloon or hoteL Apply 611
Pine st. * 1
WANTED-PO ITION BY YOUNG MAN AS
'» foreman or as-lstant superintendent of quartz
mine: 10 years' experience: understands assaying.
underground surveying and practical mining; sal-
ary not so much an object as permanent position.
Address J., box 66, this office. -
BOOKKEEPER WANTS A POSITION; 10
years' exper.erce: understands selling: refer-
ences: salary no bbjecL W. G. C-, box 71, Call.
'"-97 MONTGOMERY, CORNER OF CLAY-
sJ*m I open untl: 9:30 o clock; branch office of
the Call: subscriptions and want ads taken.
ARBERS-YOUNG MAN, 3 YEARS' EX-
I er.encein barber-siop. would like steady job:
small wages. Address Barber, box 124, Call.
INTELLIGENT AND RELIABLE MIDDLE-
aged man wants any kind of light work; ref-
erence and bond*. Address S. S., box 103, (.all,
ynUNG MAN WITH FAIR INCOME DE-
X sires acquaintance of young working girl; ob-
ject matrimony: give particulars. '/.., box 160, Call.
MARRIED M.\N DESIRnS WORK ON SMALL
trull ranch: wife good cook ; comfortable home
des'red; wages reasonable, P. S.. box 66, Call. ; .
SITUATION WANTED BY* A COFFEE-
planter; Germau, single, with four years' ex-
perience In Central America In coffee, bananas,
cacao ana commissary, wishes to go south again,
as manager or second. For particulars write to
A. It., box 134. Call Office. , /
A MARKET ST.-BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
J Call: want ads and subscriptions taken.
O'JQ HAVES ST.-BRANCH OFFICE OF
»jsjo_Tun calx; rip; ions and want ads
taken.
I
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1897.
"SITUATTONS "WANTED--Contlnn«.a. .
ACTIVE BUSINESS MAN WANTS Posi-
tion, any capacity: good office assistant, store
or drive delivery wagon. S., box 32, Call Office.
BRANCH OFFICE OF' THE CALL. 167 NINTH
sl— Want ads and subscriptions taken. -
i MARKET ST.-BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
"± Call: want ads and subscriptions taken.
TiriNCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST., NR.
« » Market; 200 rooms: 25c to SI 50 per night;
$1 60 to (6 per week: convenient and respects
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
FEMALE HELP WANTED. .
GIRL GOLDEN GATE AVK., »25; GIRL.
IJT Bush s:.. *25; arirl, Tur'c St., $25: girl, Goui-h
St., $25; girl, Weuster St.. *25: girl, Scott St.. $20;
girl, Polk St.. *".0: gir!, >leiuer st., J"20: girl, How-
ard st, $20: girl. Ninth St., $20: girl. Golden Gate
ave.,*lB: girl. Nineteenth »t ,fl 5: girl. Sutter St..
$15: girl. Twenty-second st., *15: girl. O'Farre.l
st., »16; girl, Clay St., $15; girl. Eddy sL. $15:
girl, Webster s  $15; firl. Pierce st., $15; **)
young gir s, $8, (10 and $12 per month, assist,
etc., nice families. MARTIN'S, 749 Marketst.
COOK. $25 AND ROOM, "CITY*: COOK. $25,
small restaurant; chambermaid and wait, $15
and room; waitress, $6 a week: waitress. $5 a
week; waitress, $5 a week. MARTIN'S, 749
Market s .
/ 'IRL, MORLEY, CAL, $20; GIRL PESCA-
»' dero. 815: girl, Vacavilie, Cal., $15. MAR-
TIN'S, 749 Market sl
aISTRE-S, SANTA BARBARA, $25 AND
'» room: call early; see party here. MARTIN'S,
749 Market st. *
LADY' PIANIST WHO SINGS: $5 DAY" AND
expenses. 21 Rondeil place, off sixteenth st.
7G!CRMAN AND IO SWEDISH GIRLS
4 await situations at MARTIN, 749 Market st.
GERMAN WAITRESS. $20 AND ROOM.
MARTIN'S. 749 Market st.
GEL MAN ORFKENCH MAID AND SEAM,
stress, $25; German nurse, $25: French nurse,
$25; 8 housework girls, city and counirv. $20 and
$25; 6 young girls, assist, $10 to $15. MI-nS CUL-
LEN, 323 Sutler st
WOMAN FOR DAY' WORK. MISS CULLEN,
823 Sutter
ESIAURANT COOK. $25 TO "fiO. MISS
CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
EAM*-TRE*»s AND CHAMBERMAID, $23.
MISS CULLEN. 3-3 Sutter st.
4 WAITRESSES SAME COUNTRY' HOTEL.
*20; cook, private family, $25: 2 girls, second
work, * 15; 4 Ge man' girls, housework, $25. $20:
6 Swedish girls, housework, $15, Slit). C. R. HAN-
SEN A CO , 110 Geary st.
OOK. SMALL COUNTRY HOTEL. SEE
sj party here at 10:30 today: second girl, nice
family, $'.0; 4 cooks, German style 926 and $30;
2 English and oerman nurses, $20 and $25*. Prot-
estant cook and laundress. 3 l.i famly, $25, and a
great many girls :or housework. J. i. CROSETT
A CO , 316 cutter st.
NEAT YOUNG WOMAN TO COOK IN A
J-"" plain boarding-house, mines. $.25. fare paid:
waitresses. $15 and $20. MURRAY A READY,
Leading Employment agents. 634 and 636 Clay.
PROTESTANT NURSERY GOVERNESS,
references, for the country: one tnat can speak
French preferred; $25. iurther particular, ap-
ply to MURRAY <fc READY. Leading Employ-
ment Agents. 634 aud 633 clay st.
OFFICE FEE REDUCED; 25 CTS.; OIR_S OF
ail nationalities to fill various positions. Ger-
man Employment Office, 306 Mason st.
INEXPERIENCED SALESLADY IN FANCY
J goods and underwear and acquainted with
general dry-goods is wanted. Applicants In
L". a. industrial Agency and others cail this morn-
ing, room 165, Crocker build. ng.
"fir ANTED — LADY To TRAVEL ON THE
" 10 id with gentleman aud address enve opes
and send out circulars: will pay goto salary to
right person: age 18 to 30. O. P.. box 29, ca11.
THE S. F. DRE-.1-CUTTING -CHOOL WILL
give one week's tuition free, beginning Feb. 15;
the only school on cons doing tirst-cass tailoring
in counec.ion 916 Mar c: si.
It,* OMAN TO TAKE CARE OF CHILDREN
*' and do housework. Call after 1 p. _ i.106
Golden Gale aye.
HAIR-DRESSER, COMPETENT IN ALL
branches; also an apprentice to learn. MME.
DELLA FAUST, 91* Stockton st.
"yOUNG GIRL F.iR HOUSEWORK; PLAIN"
X cooking: small family: $12; 9to 12. 3*7 Oak.
IN PAPER-BOX FACTORY", si*9 MARKET
X St., exper.enced bands wanted.
STENOGRAPHERS WILL FIND IT ADVAN-
tageous to join the Evening Stenographic
*-»peed Club at Heald's Bus. College, 24 Post s.:
fees $1 50 a month: any system; also beginners.
"ITT ANTED— GIRL F'oß GENERAL HOUSE-
f» work, $15- Herman girl of Natoma s:. please
call again. -.819 Howard st.
lir ANTKD-YOUNG GIRL FOR GENERAL
II housework with references. 2241 Sutter St.
\\ ANTED--GOODC-OK AN HOUSEWOKK:
»' must v iderstand German ccoking: good
references lequ-r d fro i. Germa 1 or Jewish laai-
ily: easy place; gjod ««;«. 1123 Leguna st.
"IirANTED— FRENCH OR SWISS GIRL FOR
'» general housework, Call 964 Jefferson st,
Oakland.
BRIGHT LADY AGE.nTS FOR HOUSEHOLD
necessity; good pay. Address A., box 40, Call.
"\roUNG GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE.
X work; Protestant famllv of 3. 1698 I age su
/*. HOD DRUMMER, TO SOLICIT ORDKRS
IT for printing-bouse; fine chance. ORMSBY,
636 Clay st.
"I\rANTKD-1000 MISSION WORKERS TO
» I rescue ib» fullen. Call Bp. it., 31 Tnlrd sl.
I EARN DRESSCUTTING AND MILLINERY';
Jsl per week; unlimited lessons: patterns
25c. McDowell Dressmaking School, 636 Market
L'LYNN's DRESSMAKING AND CUT'iTNu)
X" Academy. 14 McAllister st.: $1 a week.
n't **. LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF TUB
U»J-*J Call: subscriptions and want ads. taken.
MOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
1»1 Winchester Hous*. 44 Third st., near Market:
200 rooms: 25c to $1 5o per night; $1 60 10 $6
per week: free 'bus and ba-gags to and from ferry.
11" ANTED— IO young ladies TO learn
if barber trade: shop to open Mtiy 1. Parlcu-
lars call I*sB%"- Eighth st.. S. F. Barber Coiie.<e.
AWRENCE CUTTING SCHOOL IS THE
J only reliable placa tor patterns: every ons
guaranteed to be perfec:. 1231 Market su
"1 ll * NINTH ST— BRANCH OFFICE OF
JXU Tub Call; subscription and Maui ads
taken.
MALE HELP WANTED.
VI"- ANTED-FRENCH CO. X, AND WIFE AS
" chamb-imaid for private place, near cltv:
Japanese cook, $80: French cook, small f.imilv,
$30; French chef. *100: boiler, with good refer-
ences, $40; pone:, small hot I, speak French,
$15, etc. L. ANDRE, 315 .-tockion st.
ANTED— HEAD LAUNDRYMAN FOR IN-
" stitution, $4 a month, board and room, refer-
ences required; neat waller for nice short-order
restaurant, $25: farmers, teamsters, dishwashers,
cooks, etc. W. D. EWER <£ Co , 628 Clay St.
DISHWASHER, $3 80 ' WEEK: COOK, $12
a week, see party 2 P. M.: <;eruiau coo«. $36
and room; German wailer, $9 a week. MAR-
TIN'S, 749 Ma k-t st.
]) AM HAND, $20; HELPER. CARRIAGE
It blnctsmlthln.-. MARTIN'S, 749 -Market sL
HEAD WAITER FOR COUNTRY HOTEL;
third cook, country hotel, springs, $30; cook,
i«an la mm. country, $40; head waiter, springs.
C. R. HaNsEN A CO., 110 Geary st.
C-,ol<.'Red waiter, country HOTEL $25.
/ C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary st.
\\> ANTED- CARPET SALESMAN*. CARPEN-
'» icr; 4 men, to c ear land by contract: farmer,
$20: sccnilnavian milker, $20: errand-boy for
country, $7 a month and good home: note coot;,
country: hotel waiter and others. Apply to J. F.
CRo-ET A CO., 628 Sacramento st.
BAKER. $10 WEEK; 3 MILKE I S. $22 10;
gardener, $25; man, raise blackberries: chore-
man, hole!, $6 week: cooks aid . waiters, etc.
MURRAY <£ READ!', Leading Employment
Agents. 634 and 836 Clay si.
SHOP BUTCHER AND KAUSAHE MA KKR
for north, $60 and found; slaughterer, country.
150 and found: clerk for merchandise store, coun-
try. R. T. WaRD A CO., 60S and 610 Clay st.
rpRAVELER EXPERIENCED IN CROCKERY -
J. trade. - App yby le. ter unect to Stockton Art
Pottery Come-any, Stockton, Cal.
TV AN! ED— BARBEK FOR SATURDAY AND
»> Sunday at 412 Vfe Fifth st- . *-
BAI:B<:R WANTED FOR SATURDAY AT
797 Mission st., near Fourth. : :jg*fg*s
T> AHBER FOR SATURDAY. 32 THIRD ST.
BARBER FOR SATURDAY* EVE AND SUN-
day. 105 Fourth at.
BAKi l-.R FOR -SATURDAY. 203 MONT-
gomeryave.
U'ANTF'D— ERRAND-BOY. APPLY 29 SEC-
'» ond su
pARRIKR— FREEMASON: ONE DAY"; 8
* y o'clock this morning. 408 California st. rm. 1.
ANTED A CARPENTER— BILL WALL,
>» t >ica>e call at -Captain THOMSON*., NW.
cor. Bay and Taylor: building anew bicycle boat.
TV" ANTED- BOY WITH SOME EXPERIENCE
it at making. Apply 2312 Pine su
HELP WANTED— Contfnn-<l.
BARBERS—FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL BEO.
P. C. Barbers' Assn. k. FUCHS. 325 Grant
JOURNEYMEN BARI.ERs' EMPLOYMENT
0 se'-retarv .H. BERNARD. 102 t-eventh St.
j, AKBER WASHSTANDS, 1.2 AND 3 BOWLS.
ll cbeip HHUFsCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate ay
J ARBER-SHOP; RUNS 3 CHAIRS: LOW
■' rem ; hue chance: rant pall for this mon b; 4
fine living-rooms. 408 Sixth st.
Tir ANTED— GOOD FITTER FOR PARTNER
ii in leather and shoe findings strre. Address
467 Sixth St., Oakland.
1 A J? ,E:S, AND GENTS* MISFIT -HOES
XJ bought and exchanged; new vamps and sec-
ond-band sboes furaaie; large stock; shoes made
to order: bes__ stock; work gu.-ranteed: all kinds
of tepair.ng 74J Mission, near Grand Opera-house.
Vl r ANTED— AN -IDEA; WHO CAN THINK
»» of some simp thing to potent? l rotect your
Ide is; may Dri °ff - ""* wealth. Wilt- JOHN
\\ EDDERBURN A CO., Dept. L, Paient AWT-
neys. Washington, D. C, for their $1800 prize
Offer and new list of 10.0 inventions wanted.
Tir ANTED— SALESMAN EXPERIENCED IN
if school supplies. Whltauer-Ray C 0.,723 Markt
TV* A TED— STEADY. RELIABLE MAN FOR
TT position In country. must have $5 expense
money. Call after 10 a. it., 9 Geary, room ***.
II"LCHOHOU>K. h63Va MARKEI' ST.— ROOMS
J 20c, 25c to 600 night: $1 to $2 weeg.
Or Oi- MISSION — SUBSCRIPTIONS AND
_*J— I " want ads taken for.THE CALL
BEs>T IN CITY— SINGLE ROOMS, 15. 20 AND
25 cents per night: $1. $1 25, $1 60 par week,
I acme House. Commercial and LeidesdonT sts.
11 /» NINTH ST. -BRANCH OFFICE OF
XXUTub call; subscription and want ads.
taken. 3XB"g
IJRUNSWICK HOUSE. 148 SIXTH ST.: OPEN
I » all night; rcoms 25c to $1 per night: $1 25 to
$5 per week. J. G. DRAKE, Manager.
STYLISH AND DURABLE CALF SHOES
made to order, $2 50. 959 Howard, nr. Sixth.
KECRUITB WANTED FOP. THE U. 8. MA-
rins Corps, V. s. Navy— Able-bodied unmar-
ried men between the ages of 21 and 30 years
who are citizens of the United s:aies, or those
who have regally declared iheir intention to be-
come such: must be of good character an habits
and able to speak, read and write English and lie
between 5 feet 5 Inches and 6 feet In helghL For
lurther Information apply at the Recraiiing Office,
20 Ellis St., San Francisco, Cal.
KOOMS 150 To 75c PER NIGHT: 60c To $1 6d
per week. Oriental. 225 Drumm **-
SINGLE FURNISHED ROOMS; 16c A NIGHT:
76c week. Llndell House, Sixth and Howard.
WANT ads and SUBSCRIPTIONS for
TT Thk Call are taken at Branch office, south-
west corner Sixteenth and Mission sts.
Vl* ANTED, T«j COLLECT WAGE'S DUX LABOR
'» rrsdtclerks. KNox collection Acer. 110 sutler
riIRY ACME HoUsE *57 MARKET ST.. BE-
I low fclxth. for a room; *-5c a night: 81 >»•«-.
I (\l\ MKN TO TAKE LODGING AT 10c, 150 I
I UU and 20c a ntgnu Including codes* aua roils.
t24 Washington BL. near Kearuv.
OrvOfi MISSION ST.-BRANCH OFFICE OF
— O—U Tug Call; subscriptions ana want ads
taken.
iirANTED-LA AND MECHANICS
If to know that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third at: 15 J
large rooms; 26c per ulgbt; $; 10 $3 |ier week.
ROSEDALE, 321 ELLIS ST.— SIN- -LB FUR- I
nlshed rooms. 20c 10 25c night. $1 to $1 60 wk. I
1j" simon wants 100 m.-.n To oet bot-
J. tie beer or wine 6c: best free lunch. 643 Clay |
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST.. NX, j
MarKet: 200 rooms, *"5j a night: reading
room: tree bus and baggage to and irom the terry.
11" ANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, 16c A DAY: $1
'» week; rooms for 2. 25c a day. $1 60 a wee*;
reading-room: dally papers. 36 Clay su
WANTED, YOUR SHOES— WE REPAIR
"' shoes up to 9 o'clock every night: those work-
ing through the day can bave their snoes repaired .
at night while yon wait: lames' soling, 35c; meat
soling, 60c: tins shoes made to order from $2 ap.
we bave a lot of shoe* bean damaged by water, at
less than one-fourth' their value, from 26c up v
$2 50. 66J Mission St.. bet. First • . and second si.
AGENTS WANTED.
TV" ANTED— MEN AND WOMEN* TO START
sl mall-order business at home; big money;
easy, safe, sur*-; caoi:al unnecessary I For partic-
ulars oend addressed m.d .imped envelope, lock
box 1085 I'll. mix. Ariz.
GENTS WAN ED FOR A NEW PAYING
bus. ness: big money Iv 1, for you; sample and !
full particulars sen lr.*e. Address CM as. E. i
MARSHAL! , LOCXDOrt' .--. Y.
AtsK OUR AGENTS WHO IS MAKING THE I
most money. BRICK A CO., novelties, 777
Market st.
HOUSES WANTED.
TV" ANT' D— TO RENT FURNISHED LODG-
• > ing or boarding bouse: responsible house-
keep; Address ri. 11., box 137. Call Office.
'i
BOAKDING WANTED.
ROOM AND BOARD WANTED BY JAPa-
nese voting man; state terms. Address S. M., I
box 137. Cat Oflice, '
PROPERTY WANTED.
HOUSE OF 2 OR 3 FLATS; MUST BE
modern throughout and centrally located. Ad- i
dress B. L.. box 80. t is office.
r
WANTED-MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED — GROCERY WAGON; STATE i
TT price. D., box 72, Call Office.
BUILDINGS ROl oil l'; LUMBER SASHES,
doors, mantels etc., for sale. 1166 Mission X,
CELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW-
O elry 10 A. KLEIN. 109 sixth St.: send post*:.
r,osT>-
LOST— BET. COR. MISSION AND TENTH
J sis. and new City Hall, a black satchel, con-
taining money, keys and spectacles. Under re-
turn same to 306 Market st. BeL 7:30 a. m. and 6
I* m.; reward.
LOST— WHITE BULL TERRIER BITCH RE-
turn to 1425 Market St.; recel c reward
ENGLISH BLACK AND WHITE SET-
ter. mostly black; wears plain black leather
collar; medium size: name "Rot.v. " Reward of
$5 will be paid on return or said dog to NE. ccr.
Jackson and Lacuna sta.
LOST-AT NATIVE SONS' HALL WEDNES-
day evening, bug pin set with rubles and dia-
mond. Finder will, be very libera rewarded by
returning same to DAN O'CALLAGHAN, 300
Davis st.
OST— FOX TERRIER DOC; ANSWERS TO
J name of "Rum." Return to 2000 W ashiugton
st. and receive reward.
"I OST— PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBEKMA
JJ Savims and Loin >ocletv of san Fraucl-.co. in
the name of DaVID ANGLIN. No. 201.959.
ihe finder will please return to the bank.
RANCH OFFICE OFTHK CALL 167 NINTH
St.; want ad- and subscriptions taken.
«■■■■—— —^» — — — m
FOB SALE-MISCELLANEOUS.
DOR GRAVEL MINE; BARGAIN;
I" good . ie; 100 acres: plenty water: invest -
g.ue. principals or authorized agents only. Ad-
dress lira*, el Mine, cars P.O. box 06, PlacervlLe,
CaL
I^OR SALE -$2O; HAND -CM E BLACK RE-
U t-ieverdog; bra-ken land and water. PAYNE
JEWKTT. 97 C.airmont aye., Tsmesca', Alameda
County, CaL
l"OS SALE OR TO LET— A RANCH IN CALA-
S. veras County; reasonable. For further In-
toimation auply to MRS. RAMSEY", 616 Post sis
ARRIVED TO-DAY — 2 FRESH COWS;
large milkers: gentle. 1312 Folsom st.
LARGE DOUBLE COMPARTMENT. COIN
bank safe; cheap. 8 Miss on st.
COW TO RENT-GIVES 2 GALLONS DAILY.
2403 Harrison st.
ST. BERNARD DOG FOR SALE 2253 SUT-
ler st. . • - : .
COLLECTION OF 10 HARK VIOLINS FROM
th- estate of en ar Ist for sale cheap Inquire
410 Kearny st., room 10.
■ 1 I
ST. BERNARD PUPS; PRIZE; PEDIGREE;
stock: sire, champion. Grand Master; dam,
first prize. Beauty; perfect color aud markings. I
812"/ i Fu io.i st. ':'.■■■- v. •-.:
AJKW RLM WOOD RANGES ARE THE BEST.
XI W. S. RAY' MFG. CO, 12 California sL,
BOILERS.ENOINES.2D-HAND MACHINERY'
IJ Water-pipes. Mcintosh & Wolpman. 137 Beala.
i. ARS, BACK BARS. MIRRORS. SHOW-
'•> cases, counters, • linoleum, • office furniture,
» tore and office furnitur- and fixtures, new and
secondhand. J. Ni.ONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission a.., above Sixth. URHSBSBBBKBHH
BARS, SCALES. MIRROR-. FRENCH
ranges, etc.. bought, sold. MEEK, 1118 Mission.'
COFFEE MILL SCALES. LETTER PRESS,
stand desk, money till, safe: cheap. 102 Clay.
".ARS, SHOWCASES, COUNTERS, HHELV-
-1 ' ing, etc., fought and sold. 1063 Mission. nr.7lh.
ONE .SMALL MEDIUM "AND LARGE-SIZE
On and burglar proof sate, 109-111 Market at.
j* ■ -> ->v»\ . r* -.» <a£-> **-s*i*"'*aa*fi?>*">ft""ff&!K^^
PERSONALS.
IVANTED-BY MIDDLE-AGED AMERICAN
" gentleman of kind disposition, domestic i
! habits, temperate, refined, educated. Industrious, !
honorable, thorough business experience good ap- I
pearance and well preserved, to correspdna with
widow between 40 and 50 rears, who has
properly or business and in need of an lionet,
conscientious helper: object, after tes of my
ability, Integrity and worthiness, matrimony.
A<:dress Z. , box 60. Call Office: correspondence
sacred, returned If desired.
CVEGRANT \%LI. HEAR OF SOMETHING
. to his ad van i age by calling upon LANDRY
V. BABIN. 4i3 Kearny St.
MISS OLLIE LAKE, CARD-READING AND
magnetic treatment. Rooms 3 and 4. 3U9
Sutter st.
fi.lvH "WARD— ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
t/CU looms. MISS L. DEAN, proprietress.
IF HANNAH GILBERT, LA X OF MAN - -
Chester. England, would communicate with her
relatives she would hear of something to her ad-
van. age.
BLOOD ________ _
AND '.."-; -:
SKIN" DISEASES
Are cleansed away nowadays by the simple use of
DR. SMITH'S
ELECTRO-MAGNETIC BATHS.
Go at once and be cured. A few baths or a course,
according to your needs; inexpensive, but a per-
manent cure. Hygienic board and sunny rooms:
very reasonable. Free consultation. Ito 3 and 6
to 8; Sundays. 10 to 12. Call or address
___^ 1533 BUCHANAN ST.
ADVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWs A SPEC-
lalty: private: no fee without success, pro-
bale, insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale,
damages, etc: private detectives: estab. 10 years.
G.W.HOWE, at.y-at-iaw. 850 Market.cor.Stocktn
"IV" H. MAHO Y. ATTORNEY -AT -LAW.
'" . has removed bis office from 214 Pine st. to
the st. Ann's building, 6 Eddy st., rooms 45-60.
DIVORCE AND ANNULMENT OF MAR-
rlage; terms of pa- mentob icing; legal even--
where. Address lock box F., 906 Market st», 8. F.
PRIVATE DETECTIVE WORK DONE REA-
sonabie: 10 years' experience; all matters
strictly confidential. G. R. WEBSTER, 104 Mason
at-, room 6. •*- »*r •;
DOZENS OF MUSHROOM IMITATORS AND
people claiming to have had connections with
me are springing up every day— people who are
jea.ous of my success. Don't make any mistakes.
It SO. LEDE.REK.iI 1 Stockton st., nearest Geary,
tbat you wan los*e; my price lor hair-dressing is
positively *_5c only for any and all styles; same
price in the store as In the advertisements.
PAINTING. WHITENING, PAPERING;
lowest estimates: best work guarante d ; wall pa-
per 3c roll. EDWARDS. 1200 Webster, cor. Eddy.
"\ fl-S KEEGAN (FORMERLY WITH G. LED-
M»i erer>ihas opened a stylish halrdrea-lng par or;
latest effects ;price 26c 1241/3 O'Farrell, nr.Powell.
PROF.'ARNOLD, MAGNE.TIC HEALER-ALL
disease successfully treated*, rheumatism posi-
tively cured. Call or write 788 Stevenson st.
Laura de: force gord.*n, ATTORNEY
at law. 1236 Market, over J. J. O'Brien's.
METROPOLITAN DETECTIVE BUREAU.
Parrott building over Emporium: offices, 540-
-641: hours I A m. to 12 p. m. : tele. Mint 1471.
1 hllfl CARDS. $1 50. SHOW CARDS. ETC.
I UUU Tel. Black 141. HILL, 22% Geary st.
<£• 1 A DOZEN— FINE CABIN El'-J .a*.' Mil,
•*4PA SON'S Gallery. 10l*8 Market.
*".07 MONTGOMERY ST., BRANCH OFFICE
• '—I ilTuk Ciixj wanteds and subscriptions
taken.
PARTINGTON'S fCHCOL OF MAG \ZINE
J and Newspaper Illustration: particulars as to
terms etc.. 424 Pine a*.; Illustrations lurmsbed
for magazines, newspapers, etc
ARTISTIC If AIRURES-sING. 25c; $25 FOR
cases of hair tailing or dandruff 1 cannot cure.
MRS. HUBBARD, 1104 Market st., room 28.
KUPIURE AND PILES CURED: NO PAY
until cured: send for book. I- lis. MANS.
FIELD A PORT ERF I ELD 838 Market •**.
M AGNISCOPE — ne:w PROJECTING MA-
cblne: uses the klnetoscope dims; price $250.
BACIGALUPI. 946 Market st.
wallpaper 40 a roll: PAPER hang-
'» ing. palutlug.etc, by contractor day's work,at
your own pnce, N.E MERIGAN, 1302 Webster sl
810 OUTDOOR STEREOPTICON* SHOW EVE-
ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts.; artistic ad-
vertisements in living light; promoters of bust- I
ness. consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Marketst.
ELECTRIC LIGHTS IN EIVERY ROOM: I
J Winchester House. 44 Third st., nr. Market;
-00 rooms, 25c to $1 60 per r.ight: $1 50 to $6 per
week ; lreo bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CLOAKS. FURS AN i> SUITS RETAILED Al'
wholesale prices. Factory. 20 Sansome st-
» WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS—
.\ WEEKLY CALL. la wraooer. tor mailing. ,
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, THE WORLD'S MOST
l'l '.amous medium of modern limes. Don't fall
lo see her II you are Interested In the affairs of life;
ii marriage, sickness, deaths, changes, travels, di-
vorces, separations, lawsuits, business transac-
tions, wills, deeds and mortgages, lost or stolen
property, lost or absent iriends. interest you: If
you care to know what you should do ;o be suc-
cessful, where you should go and whom to avoid,
when to buy and sell sioc-ts, etc.: In a word, what-
ever may be your trouble, suspicions or desires,
call on this gifted woman and she will seal you
away happier, wiser aud bolder than ever before.
Hours 9a.M.to 8 p. St.. strict. N. R— lsfactlon
guaranteed by mail. Bend stamp tor pamphlet,
speciai terms. MRS DR. F. CLaRK. 1206 Mar-
ket sl. oarlors 25 and 26. Take elevator.
CC. c. c. c.
• Remaining 2 weeks only, the famous, world-
renowned Miss Van de Vere will foretell your fu-
ture, guide your affections and secure you Infallible
luck In love courtship and marriage: business
and mining Investments especially: positive proof
of accurate predictions given. 1 E'if.h sl, room L
MME;. DR THOMAS. SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
er by eggs and cards: tells entire life, pas:,
present, l tit ure: consultations on ail affairs; noth-
ing excepted; names given: good . advic.*-: snre
help; restores lost lovs by sympathy: mistake Im- i
possible: fee $1 ; letter $2. 929 Post st., nr l.arklu.
MISS BERNHARi' RETURNED: CARD-
reader and magnellsL 17a Sixth St., room 10,
second floor. j
ME. RAVENA READS LIFE FLUENTLY;
JM business advice: names given: 25c up.s u:th
ME. MOREAU, BKS CLA RVOYANT AND
medium in city: fee He up. 764 Howard it.
1 PSY LIFE- LEADER REMOVED TO 3
I Seveuth st, nr. Market; ladies 25c, gents 50c
MME SILVIA RETURNED — CLAIR VOY-
ant; card-reader. 846 E'olsom st.
MM. . LEONA RETURNED; CARDnEADER;
itl magnetic treatmenL 995 Market, room 3.
MISS MELVILLE, WE.LL-KNOWN CLAlR-
voyant, 61 Fifth st.: water readings a specialty.
Mme-. Walters OF TEHAMA; card--.-, LA
di-s. 25c: gents. 60c 961 Mission, nr. 6th.
MME STBILLE TELLS FROM CRADLE TO
grave; pictures given: ladles 25c: 914 O'FarrelL
me. Hansen, palmi-st, card-rkader:
past, picseut and future; 25c 14S 6th, r. 5.
MRS. AN, MEDIUM AND MAGNETIC
healer. 605 Post s:., room 2.
ME. NELSON, MEDIUM AND CARD-
reader. 120 i-.ddy st., room 1.
MMX. LEGETTE. CLAIRVOYANT AND BUS.
advice; 25c; one price." 311 Tehama, nr. 4lh.
SPIRITUALISM.
\ 1 RS. C. J. MEYER. CIR. TO-NIGHT. TUEs.,
»' Wed. and I- ri , 2 p. it.; trance cir., Mon. and
FrL eve., 2 c; sittings dally. 326 McA lister st.
MMX. OSMAN, SI'I RITUAL TRANCE MEDI-
um; life readings, love affairs, Business Invest-
ments, mining -.peculations spici.dty. 838 Mission.
I"iDNA WALLA" E, "THE ORIGINAL" ME-
J di-im and magnetic healer. 865'/j> Marketst.,
rojm 10. . .
ME. YOUNG'S; TEST CIRCLE TO-NIGHT,
10c. \ 418 McAllister; all skeptics Invited.
JC HANSEN'S TEST CIRCLE" TO-NIGHT,
. 10c: private sittings $1. 107 Fifth st. -
\.J RS. FL'LT' N— MATERIALIZING SEANCE
ill to-nlght: 60c; sittings aaily. 31 Foil st,
9(i"7 MARKET— TESTS: FULL NAMES IV-
OOt en; Mrs Keegau, 'arj. Louthan and others.
ME GRAY. THE WONDERFUI MAGNET-
Ie healer. 142 seventh su, room 33.
MRS. E^LLIS, MEDIUM; Wl'l*TlNO**-,9 TO B, $1;
circles Tues., Fri.. 2p. it.. '-'5c 233 Valencia.
MRS. H. A. GRIFFIN— CIR. SUN. - EVE-; 21c;
parlor-test mtg. Thur. eve. stgs 4 - 26 Vi Grove.
MRS. J. J.WHITNEY." CLAIRVOYANT.
trance test medium A .no reader. 218 Stuck ton
Am. francis - . independent slate
• writer. 118 Hal-h: st.: hours 9 until 6 p v.
HYPNOTISM.
HYPNOTISM SCIENTIFICALLY "TAUGHT:
success crta.H Mesmeric lns,6 O'Farrell
BICYCLES.;
SECOND-HAND— TAN DEM , $80 AND ""90;
2 roadsters. $26 and 330. good a new. Go den
Ru:e Bazaar Bicycle Department, 26 Geary sl
PHOTOGRAPHERS SUPPLIES.
PHOTAKE CAMERA 2x2, LAMP, tHEMI-
c-is, paper and 6 plates, *2 60. California
Camera Co., 22 Geary sl ' «-*-*-» L
*smmm%mmmmmmsWtta\W~
EDUCATIONAL.,
LUCKHARDT'S COMBINED ASSAY OFFICE
and School of Instruction (Incorporated):
PRA ITCA». and INDIVIDUAL Instruction in
the latest Improved methods in assaying, analysis,
electroplating. CYANIDE process, etc; SPECIAL
ATTE" VTION given to caieful a say and analysis
of ores." waters, etc 26 O'Farrell sL: elevator.
SCHOOL OF PHYSICAL CULTURE AND
Elocution, 1215 Ocavla St., San Francisco,
MISS ELIZA MA KINTOSH. pupil of Professor
G. W. Baynham, Glasgow, Scotland, and gradu .te
of the bcjamol of oratory, Philadelphia, Pa.,
teacher, t ffice days, Tnurs. and Sat, p. M.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE 24 POST-
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, telegraphy, languages. English branches,
electrical engineering: iO teachers: 15,000 gradu*
ales; day and evening sessions; catalogue.
WANTED - A THOROUGH PRIMARY
»» teacher resident In a boys' school : fullest ref-
erences to character and ability required. Appy
P. T., box 118, this office. '
©l"-. COMPLETE COURSE, S ORTHaKD
LO. and trpewrlting (Pitman or Graham) by
Eastern aw stenographer; day or evening instruc-
tion. 1816% Post.
AY"RES*. THE LEADING COLLEGE 325
Montgomery st. : Individual Instructioa la
fhortiiand, lyp'tn?. bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc:
lite scholarship $50: low rates ncr week and mo.
STAMMERING, LISPING. ALL IMPERFEC-
tIons of speech, positively cured: voice build-
ing. Individual Instruction: references from best In i
California. PROF. R. s. DAVIS, 1508 Markeu
"YOUNG LADY WOULD LIKE FEW MORE
-I pupils in any branch of Engish or mathe-
matics. Address J. E. C, box 149, Call Office.
ENGINEERING SCHOOL; MECH.. ELEC."
ci - 11. mining, survey, assay, archl'.. -X ray
tamht; e5.1864. A.VAN" DER NAILLEN.933 Mkt
S TIEHL'S SHORTHAND AND BUSINESS
College. 723 Market st.; students trained; office
situations secured*, lowest rates orcredlt for tuition
ELOCUTION AND DRAMA; LELSARTE
thoroughly taught: appearances arranged; 1 to
Bp.m. OLiVE HOF'P-SCHROEDER, 299 Hyde st,
B KLASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
Private theatricals arranged: pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12, L0.0.F. block, 7th and Mku
B OOKKPNG, WRITNG, ARITHMTC. GRAMR,
day <fc night: no daises; $5 month. 845 Mission.
SUBSCRIPTIONS AND WANT ADS FOR THE
Call taken at branch office, 339 Hayes St.;
open until 9 *.30 o'clock.
J}ROE\ LOUIS MERK : ViOLIN, MANDOLIN,
• guitar, treasonable. 226 Geary, ur.PowelL
PIANO LESSON AT PUPIL'S HOME; 60c;
best ref. B. F., box 76, Call Office.
C PAN FRENCH. Etc: Prof. DkFILIPPE'S
Academy of Languages,32o Post st ;estab'd 1871
SINGING; PIANO: PARIS GRADUATE;
O French. German languages: $2 mo. 109 '1 aylor.
LEO COOPER'S SCHOOL OF ACTING. DaNC-
ing, voice, pantomime, stage. 814 Geary at.
GUITAR. MANDOLIN". PiANO ANLvVOCAi.
IT lemons. $H m<v Mary Wes-hans. »9 Wf-h.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ABSOLUTELY THE OLDEST AND LARGEST
bouse west of Chicago is KoHLER A
CHASE'S. 26, 28 and 30 «•' Farrell s .; pianos, or-
guns and all otn.r musical instrum -ma, ot all
grades and prices; terms easy, ' prices lowest:
everything possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
ACTUALLY THE; BEST BARGAINS IN
pianos; see our Ist for this week: pianos on
$3, $4. $5, $6. $7. $8. $9, 010, $15. $20 monthly
payments: fine stool and cover with each: deliv-
ered free anywhere in tbe city and kept tuned by
expert concert tuners. The F. W. SPENCER CO.
Salesrooms, 933 Market st., opp. Mason.
OUR RENT CONTRACT PLAN ENABLES
every family to have a fine new plana SHEn-
MAN, CLAY A CO., Kearny and suiter sts.
ONA FIDE REDUCTION -IN PRICES—
■■ Haines. Knabe, Bush A Gerts and others: sec-
ond-hand pianos from $100 up. W. C. HAMIL-
TON, successor to A. L. Bancroft <& Co., 324 xOst-
ADM IN 13 i RATOR'S SALE— MUsT SELL,
pianos at immense reduction for cash or ou
Ins- ailments. EATON ESTATE. 735 MarkeL
"lITHY - PAY RENT FOR A PIANO WHEN
»» the same 1110:1 hi payments will purchase
one at SHERMAN, CLAY' A CU'S.
OOD UPRIGHTS $126, 8150 AND $175;
square $65; call soon. MAUVAIS MUSIC
COMPANY. 769 Market st.
THE BEST PIANOS OF EVERY GRADE,
from steinway down, can be found at SHER-
MAN*. CLAY A CO.'S.
BARGAIN. FINE LARGE UI'R IGIIT.CHEAP
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hlbernla Bank. ]
ELEGANT WEBER AND STEUNWAY: OK-
dered sold at once. 809 Market sL, room 12.
AT SHERMAN, CLAY" A CO.'S ONLY WILL
you dnd a stock of new steinway pianos
ORN UNO'S PI VNO; MOST PERFECT;
brilliant nud powerful tone. 216 Post st.
WG. BADGER. HOLE A EXT FOR HALLET
.A Davis and Francis Bacon pianos. 415 sacto.
(3» I f\(\ A WALNUT UPRIGHT. STOOL, I
tjylvu. scarf. Bruenn's Piano-house, 228 PosL j
JJ' A NO- SOLD AT SHERMAN, CLAY dt CO.'S j
-I on very easy payments.
A SHAW. STEINWAY $250, CHICKERINO I
$186; great bargains: s4 mo HEINE. 136 Ellis. 1
BYRON MAUZY, SOB PosT ST.— .-OH
Newby A Evans, Br.ggs and other pianos.
UPERIOP. VIOLINS, ZITHE;rh, OLD* NEW
Oa MULLER. maker. repairer 2 La ham place.
HORSES.
PERSONAL PROP -.RTY SALE OF HORSE,
cart an 1 harness, the property of B. McMahon,
will be sold for board bill at auction at Grand Ar-
cade stao c, 327 statu st.. S. F., Wednesday. Feb.
17, 1897, a: 11 o'#ock a. M.
Jfl HORSES FOR SALE: ALSO WAGONS,
"lv" buggies, carta, harness; Grand Arcade Horss
Market, 327 sixth sl : auction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN <& DO i'LE. Aucloneers.
ALL KINDS OF TURNOUTS TO LET AND I
-Afor sale. M.F. BOYCE'S livery stable, 38 12 th st
r f\ HEAD OF* HORSES SUITABLE. FOR ANY
♦JUbusiness 900 to lSOi) pounds. Old Turk-sL car
stables, 1801 Turk; team of targe young mules.
r-,(j|l SET NEW AND SECOND-HAND HAS-
OUU ness: all kinds: gey. wagon, carta, surrsy
d-rockawar*. 40 cheap horses. 16th and Valencia.
r A HEAD DRIVING AND WORK HORSES;
OU weight 1000 to 1700 b-i. 862 Howard st.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES. : ;
"^"EW AND SECOND-HAND BAKER, LAUN-
i-s dry and milk-wagon: also fine top buggy and
rockaway. B*B Harrison st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
A MONEY-RAISING sALE-30 DAYS ONLY
-ol liedruom sets, 3 pieces 89 V)
Solid oak dining chairs , !"."*.".".. 75c
4-room furniture outfit. ."".V." $67 50
Brussels carpet, laid..." "' 65-yard
. SHIRfcIK A sHIREK. 747 Market' sLY opposite -
Grant aye. '
401) CARPETS: CHAMBER SETS. $17"
7-V V stoves, $5; parlor sets, $2"): folding-bed*.
10: bar ontttts. T. D. MCCARTHY. 764 Mission.
AT L.' J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH FOR
lowest prices on household goods: new or gooa
us new: cas or on time: open evenings.
tpUR mTURE:. STOVES, CARPETS. COUN-
. X ters. showcases. ANDERSON, ll.'l Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
"IF YOU WANT GOOD PRIC'r.S FOR FURNI-
J- lure and merchanalse see BURD, 211 Larkln.
HIGHER PRICE THAN ANYWHERE PAID
xxby Indian-. Auction C 0.1067 Market. upp.Jtnei
"" - - ■ ■ —
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY STEAM CARPET CLEANING WORKS I
cleans, moves, lays carpets. G. H. STEVENS.
ai»r. 38 and 40 Eighth sl; telephone Souib. 25tt
HEN YOU BECOME DWiUSTED WITH
'» poorworksend toSFAULDING'S PloneerCar-
pet-heating Works. 353-57 Tehama st.; tel. So. 4dl
CARPET-CLEANING, 8c: LAYING, 3c: RUG
samples free; teL jessie 944. Stratton, 38th st:
ADVANCE CaRPE:T-CLEaNING CO., 44)
Sutter; tel. Main 394. GEO. WALt OM, pro
J WaTTs, reliable carpet-cleaning renovtg. alte
. atlon work*. 409 McAllister, 'lei. J<ssle 321.
C'ARPF'Is cleaned A RENOVATED LIKE
new.- 23T«nth; lei. South 36 Mackintosh A Co.
MITCHELL, '-CARPET-" LEANING CU,
• 240 14th su ; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mia 7V.
GONKLIN'S CARPET- BEATING WORK
\J . 333 Golden Gate aye. Telephone East 1-6.
— — 1
PROFESSIONAL CARDS.
JOHN E. RICHARDS, LA W OFFICES. ROOMS
26 and 27, Crocker -.uiiuui*; uciejmoi-*) Maia
'.5, can Francisco, CaL , ;
JOHN R. AITKKN AND MAURICE L ASHER
ally 3 at law. 1011 515.516. bib noor. Par rowalJU
STORAGE.
REDUCED RATES, FCRNITU HE, PIANOS,
household gools, c.c. J. M. PIERCE, 735 Mku
BUSINESS CHANCES.
""THOSE WHO ARE SEEKIN'- BUSINESS
J places snch as saloons, grocery-stores, lodging-
nouses, restaurants, delicatessen, . cigar-stores,
butcher-shops can-iy-stores, coffee-aaloona and all
other kinds of i.usl ness. It will pay you to consult
the reliable firm of THOMAS & CO., 33 Sixth st, '*•*-
-room 18; telephone Soutn 592. yj
$97*-*. WILL BUY' A FINE "EST a URANTj'
.*"*" ' O. cheap rent: receipts fiom $12 to $15
a nay; will bear Investigation to ibis effecL 33
sixth, room 18.
CALOON FOR SALE: OLD ESTABLISHED
to and well known: fluey fitted up; dlsagree-
Sixth si Partoers only Cl use of * , ** le * A ly 33
Sff, I 2ft PARTNER AS CASHIER AND A3-
.TUi.""^"!."" 8 "*"- ,0 r "•■aarant, $40 per month,
loom nnd hoard. Apply 3:-; xr |, s:.. room in.
FFSLFI- V Y " - lu:N ' MARK.??) , D..ING
stotf ru b om 18 S9i WiU bear '"Vestlgat.on. 6i
HIGHEST CASH prices rArD FOR FURNI .
ture, restaurant, saloon fixtures and Krocerr
BtocKs. 31 ENBEttG. 632 Market; tel. main 1043.
•ftfi^O ? 1 * 0 ESTABLISHED. BEST PAY-
• , K^'ii" grocery and bar in the Mission-
must be sold: owner ..as other bus! -ess; invest i-
tlon; livlng-rooma STE.NBe.rq, 63 2 Market at.
.*10()0 WOOD AND COAL YARD* WELL
UUU. stocked: 4 horses: c ears Si 5 rronth-
ly; trial given. STENBERG & CO., «ffif,SSS
<fc7Hll i- u -" st ' HOUSE AND SALOON-
"UP I sJsJ' cash register, billiard and pool tables!
ft c mirror, etc.: good corner; low rent* biu h-irl
gain. STENBER.. di CO.. 63.: Market st.
<•]» ion a OLD-ESTABLISH AND WELL-
»4P 1 — \JU. known saloon; half block north of
Marketst.: this place is elegantly fitted up and
well stocked: must be sold, as proprietor has other
business which requires his time: every Investiga-
tion allowed. STENBERG <fc CO., 632 Market sL
tff» Q Cf* BEST PAYING OUTSIDE ROUTE IN
tSiOOu. this city; rood horse and wagon; no
experience necessary: positively clears $100 a
month: week's trial. STENBERG CO., 632 Market
DEAR SIR:
Yes, ii's a fact (because of Inevitable private
reasons), I'm compelled to offer my land agency
business for srle, and in order to effect a quiet;
deal am willing to make a great sacrifice and give
some one agr*at b-irjfa-ln and finest business on
Pacific Coast for almost nothing - You may think
it strange (and so it is) that after 16 years of valu-
able experience in the business, having spent
thousands of dollars In advertising and traveled w
the Stale over with horse and Dusfgy inspecting R
and appraising nearly every rancn on the Pacific, \*
Coast, and now having secured the agency of ..J
about 8000 choice properties offered for sale and
exchange, earned 830.000 commissions l.i last five
years, still I've rea ly decided to sell everything
just as it stands, including my enormous list of ac-
curate y written descriptions, together with all con-
tracts, complete set of blanks, specially designed
and printed set of books, diagrams, maps, hun-
dreds of r holographs, thousands of letters, list of
prospective purchasers, all furniture, etc.,
in fact, the most complete ami best system-
atized LAND AGENCY IN AMERICA, occupying
three elegan-.ly furnished front rooms, secured by
long lease a. reasonable m: . Everything is In
p' rfect coi. ditlon and though having cost thou-
sands of dollars and years of hard work all gees
lor a few hundred dollars, which snould easily be
made back from deals now in progress within one
month. In conclusion I will say thai as the busi-
ness Is simple io conduct and prospects were never
better any wideawake business man can take my
place and make much more in the future than I
have In the past. Pleasant, profitable and genteel,
with unlimited possibilities. Thorough investiga-
tion invited by yours truly,
.; V N. D. S cKELS,
THE
LAND AGENT,
< 620 Market sl, opp. Palace Hotel.
I VU*- I ness PARTNER. LADY or gentle-
> man, with $750 cash: a rare opportunity in
permanent business ana employment: best of ref-
erence given. B. S., box 71, Call OIHoe.
"\rOUNG EASTERN LADY WANTS GENTLE-
I man partner: some means. 850 Market, r. 5.
FOR SALE— WELL-PAYING SALOON WITH
good cash trade 232 Th rd st.
PhOSPEKOUS REPUBLICAN WEEKLY
newspaper; golden opportunity: easy terras;
owner leaving. Address N., box 61, this oflice.
OLD-ESTABLISHED WHOLESALE PROD-
uce comm ssion business tor sale; good oppor-
tunity for active, energetic man to step into and
addioau alieaiy built-up trade. Address Busi-
ness, box 108, Call oflice.
fit 7 X A FINE LIVERY STABLE: LONG
•J? I OU. lease: 10 horses: 2 nacks; 1 c >up<>:
express wagon; »urrey; tap and open buggy: har-
ness, etc.: everything complete. 3114 sixteenth
St.. cor. Valencia. -"****■£ gg
GOOD ' OPENING FOR A MAN WHO UN-
derstands the fruit business: alsj coo* route;
horse and wagon. Apply West End Grocery,
Greenwich and Baker sts.; te:. stelner 321 L
— -a^__ ,
MILK DEPOT, BRANCH BAKERY, GRO-
ceri and notions with 4 living- rooms; rent a
reasonable; splen .Id location; mus. be sold; bar- £
gain. 405 Folsom sL . \,
"yOUNG WIDOW WANTS A GENTLEMAN £>
X. partner: small capital. Room 8, 207 Post st. *\
ONE OF THE BEST MILK ROUTES IN ALA-
meda County for sale; run by present owner
tor 12 years; sickness cause of set. ing. Addru s
A. T. .\ EWTH, box 1140, Alameda, or at ranch
at Fitchburg. '. ..-  ; ;.' *.
"UMNi-; BUSINESS CHANCE— NEWLY FJT-
( -I ted up saloon, with cash register, safe: good
slock of liquors and cigars: transfer coruer. Ap-
ply SCULLY A SON, 420 Sacramento st.
O Lf.i- FINEST WOOD AND COAL
yard in the city; 5 stalls: scales, screen and
block; rent $10; also a flat of 5 rooms' and bath.
rent $16. 1915 V*, McAllister st.
FINE GROCERY AND BAR; PAYING Busi-
ness; receipts $12 per day; owner going to
Eiurope. ED GoRM aN, 644 Naioma sl, or 1561
Mission. ■;•'■-■ r-T*-"*S
OR SALE— BRANCH BAKERY, CANDY.
notion store and launlry oflice; furai ure of
3 rooms for sole; owner leaving ciiy. 437 Fulton.
SALOON FOR KALE: OLD ESTABLISHED
and well known: finely fitted up; disagreement
of partners only cause of sale. Apply 33 Third at.
GENTLEMAN PARTNER BY ATTRACTIVE
and refined young lady. 1 Fifth St., room 1.
l"-OR SALE— GROCERY' AND BAR; CHEAP; 4
I living-rooms Inquire Call Oflice.
CIGAR-STAND FOR SALE- ON MARKET: '
rent che.-.p. Apply Call Office.
FOR SALE— OLD-ESTABLISHED CORNER
grocery and bar; on account of sickness. Ap-
ply to \\ ICHMAN, LU JEN & Co., 3.0 Clay
sL, beL 8 and 10 a. St. ;no agents. I
WANTED— PRIVATE PARTY TO AD-
" vance means to help poor woman recover her
money from estate: administrator bas used
$10,000 and -real property for years: money se-
cured by interest in property. B. 8., box 72, CalL
OLD CORNER SALOON— MUST BE SOLD
within the next week. Apply HILBERT
BROS., 103 Powell sL
STATIONEKY---TORE— OLD, GOOD- PAYING
place: nice for woman to make a good living,
Inquire Call Oflice . ;.' :
A It- STORE FOP. SALE CHEAP. 41
Fourth st.
STOCK OF" GROCERIES FOR SALE AT SW.
tor. Post and Hyde sis: store to let*, rent *}2 5.
RULERY AND BAR, WITH 6 LIVING-
r- rooms; kept by present owner 12 years. BE fe
. cor. Twenty-sixth and Bartiett su A
CJ*7Aii BUYS A HOTEL BAR AND RKSTAU-
"£.iUU rant; rent $12. 2521 Twenty-fourth su,
near where Ho» ard-st. car stops Potrero aye.
PAYING SALOON: GOOD LOCATION; DAILY
receipts $10 to $12: must be sold account of
sickness. inquire Call Olhce
A STAYING OUTFIT AND ESTABLISHED
J\ business for sale. Address Assayer, box 2**,
Auburn. Cat.
"yOUNG WIDOW IN GOODCIRCI MSTANCES
I warns tenlieman partner. 104 Msion si.
A NIMATOSCOP*".— PROJECTING LI V ING
pictures. Animatoscope, 933 MrkL, 7th floor.
CIITY ROUTE FOR SALE APPLY THIS
) office. '■■"■■'.-
9**\9ft MISSION - SUBSCRIPTIONS AND
m\o— tU want ads taken tor Thk Call.
LATEST CAR PENDER PATEN BEST IN
veutlon. Apply 623 Golden Gate aye.
MF-WSPAPER ROUTE IV INTERIOR CITY
li close to san Francia.a For particulars apply
this oflice.
QOQ HAVES— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
OOU (All; subscriptions an.! want ads taken.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
vr\ KOOM HOUSE on MARKET ST.. $1400
OU 22- room bouse, only $ 400
65 rooms, cor... 3.1001 14 rms on. Sutter. 701)
11 is, must sell 20 | 1 6 rms, best city .3,500
H. C. KER, 1020 Market el., Opp. Film.
(BlQ^ri 3 -ROOM HOUSe: RO .MS ALL
HfDOU. lenteo. H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market.
fit J./ HI •*■*■** "'-"•i HOUSE C.O-E TO LARGE
<"p-±UV.". fa tories: every room rented: big bar-
gain. STENBERG di CO.. 632 Market st.
'jl HINT ST. — LODGINU-H-'USr". WITH 38 A i
OX. rooms; weil-:uruished; rent it-j per month, y ?
HOUSE F8 KOOMS, FILL 'CM PLETE LV
an. newly furnished, foi sale on account of
sickness, cheap; no dealers. 108 **-eventu m.
I ODGING-HOU-E FOR -ALE; ON ACCOUNT
1 retliint;. lnqune 725 Golden Gate aye., a.m.
PHYSICIANS,
1J F «ckaS; k V 1 1- D ? N ? i ELL . 1206 MARKET, RES.
xj -bb4 -sth st. *, diseases or women a apeclaU/.HOUSES TO LET.
Kf\*J JONES-DOWNTOWN: 8 ROOMS AND
■ OU * bain; $30. UMBSEN i CO.. 14 Montgy su
9 ROOMS. BATH AND LAUNDRY. ON 12TH
0 sl. ; 7 rooms bath and laundri*, on Glen I'ark
(aye., large yards front and rear, attractive loca-
I tion, sunny, clean, in good repair; rents very low.
ii rJMi'.-l'i-.i:, 36 Gleu Parts aye., off Twelfth st.
IPURNITUKK; 4 BO MS COMPLETE FOR
housekeeping: bath: large yard: most be sold
Immediately ; sacrifice: rent $12. 6*26 Natoma St.;
no agents.
'• -*5?1 7 S ROOMS AND BATH; NEWLY PA-
-. ■,11- 1 .-red ; in good condition. 2123 Mason st.
-* "I 99l I BUSH — SUNN > HOUSE; 9 ROOMS;
x.dU~*U yard; rent reasonable to a good tenant.
<540 173 X BROADWAY, NEAR GOUGH—
• tJS"IU.. rooms: every convenience: marine view.
 IiAD TENANTS EJECTED,; $3. SMITH,
 JJ collccior. 14 McAllister st.. rooms 10-11.
• -( «Ji9n 281 * LAGUNA; HOUSE 6 KOOMS.
'."5P*"- ". $lt>— lB3s Union; corner; -1 rooms.
$14— 1833 Union; 4 rooms.
: C ROOMS; 6»3b Sr.CGND ST.: $15 PER
.- ' O month. Key at 539 * econd st.
7 ROOMS; 537b Si CON I) bT.; *17 PER
month. Key at 539 Second st.
5 ROOMS; NEW HOUSE; MODERN IM-
provements; 45 E'edera: »-.; $15 per month to
desirable tenants. Key at 539 second st.
House:*-. 10 RENT FOR very little
money nt R-'ii-DWI-v »■ faAASUKIra IU
Montromerv s*-
UllMslIEl) HOUSES.
FURNISHED MODERN -"-ROOM HOUSE;
best location: bath: ..-.-is range: chic Wen-yard:
' reasonable 2067 ban Jose aye., Alameda
COMFORTABLY Ft RNISHED COTTAGE*, ft
rooms, bath; garden; rent vory low. 2441
Larkin st, . - -_
COTTAGES TO LET.
A(\a BOSWOBTH— CHEAP COTTAGE, STA-
*iUD ble, chicken-houses: suit laundry or team-
ster.
UNNY COTTAGES OF 4 AND 5 ROOMS,
baib. basement, yard: cheap. Cor. Dolores
and Fifteenth sts.
; .1 NEW COTTAGES: 4 AND 5 ROOMS: BATH;
• abasement; corner Twentieth and Folsom sis.:
, no children.
CI •*: NICE COTTAGE; 5 KOOMS: BATH;
Oi"- snnny; yard; cellar Key 711 Treat aye.
• (J>7 AND $9; COTTAGES: 3 AND 4 ROOMS;
■J I good order. Apply on premises, 945 Bryant
St., orG. H. UMBSEN <fe CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
FLATS TO LET;
UPPER FLAT: 6 LARGE ROOMS* FINE
view: $10: newly cleaned tnd painted ins.de.
1305 Greenwich st.
PPER FLAT OF 5 ROOMS AND BATH;
' reasonable.- 732 Grove st.
QIO FLAT OF 3 LARGE ROOMS; LARGE
•yp A— . yard. 214V2 Eleventh si.
4 ROOMS. BATH. ETC. TILED SINK. DOOR-
opener, etc.: 4 rooms and bath, second floor;
.. 3 rooms, laundry, large yards foi flowers, base-
'. ment, etc.: all sunny; location very attractive:
. rooms clean: rents very low. DEMPSTER, 36
Glen Park aye., off Twelfth st.
COO WALLER— bUNNY" UPPER FLAT; 6
■J—— rooms; bath; yard; basement.
' "1 9fiq HOUGH, NEAR GEARY'— ELEGANT
X.dL.UO flat; 7 rooms, bath, etc
I*.; "T GROVE - FURNISHED FLAT FOR
■l*U sale at a sacrifice; complete.
6-ROOM LOWER FLAT: 2901 FOLSOM ST.
U Apply J. A. ULRICH, 41 Crocker building.
- 719 OCTAVIA, NR. MCALLISTER— LOVELY
• i.*- lower flat 7 rooms: bath; modern improve-
- ' ments.
•' =9"-C NOB, NEAR FOURTEENTH— UPPER
— 1 flat 7 large rooms and bath; in perfect order;
. sun day: drainage perfect.
"I "I HO UN lON-SUNNY BAY-WINDOW: 7
. 1 I VIO rooms; bath: 1 or 2 families: 2 kitchens:
-$20.
- "VJEW SUNNY UPPER FLAT: 4 BOOMS; 3176
J-s. 25th, cor. Folsom. J. A.ULRICH, 41 Crocker hi.
"I 1 nft Washington— handsome upper
■• X^'-'O sunny 6-room flat; $30.
"-.'(.a GROVE— LOWER FLAT; 4 ROOMS;
_ ) bath: light; sunny: nice yard.
T OWER AND UPPER FLATS— S ROOMS,
Xj baih and yard; $15 and $18. 12 Shotwell St.,
I uear Fourteenth. '\.\ .;.-
"1 DOqi VACRAMENTO — FLAT 5 ROOMS
1 O—O't modern improvements: rent $16.
IJTLAT; 5 ROOMS AND BATH; SUNNY BEET;
$15 per month: 2610-72 Mission su Apply 844
' Cap pa:.
St)~ MODERN FLAT; 8 ROOMS, BATH.
— •_»• 1128 noward st., uear Seventh.
TOTHE RIGHT PARTY— I CAN SELLA NEW
cottaco of 4 rooms and bath on terms of $50
cash and balance month. y. E. M. LONG, 3207
Twenty-second st., corner Mission. Office open
- evenings after 7:30.
4 -ROOM FLAT; FEDERAL PLACE OFF FED-
eral st.; to a tenant without cnildren; $10 per
1 month. Key at 539 second st.
CHEAP MODERN FLATS, 5 AND 6
rooms, $8 to $16: see them. 623 Seventh st.
FLATS TO KENT FOR VERY LITTLE
money at BALDWIN a. HAMMOND':* lv
aiontgomery st.
CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THB
WEEKLY CALL, sent to an..- address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1 50, post*
- age free.
— — .— — — — — — ■ — — — — —
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
KLu.ii Screes.
9Q"| qi BUSH— TWO NEWLY FURNISHED
— «'IOa sunny rooms for housekeeping; sink;
bath and yard*, cheao.
Eddy Street.
7 - Q EDDY— LARGE: FRONT BOOM. WITH
4 1 O or without kitchen; lower floor; $12 per
month.
Ellis Street.
" 099 ELLIS — ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
0— — housekeeping and single rooms; reasonable
OnG ELLIS — ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
Oduu housekeeping rooms, with bath; reason-
able.
. 1 09Q ELI * 18 — 4 NICELY FURNISHED
I Um.O rooms; parlor, piano, 2 bedrooms.kitchen.
i HI street.
' "I H7 FIFTH — PLEASANT UNFURNISHED
XL" 4 rooms to leu
991 FIFTH— NICE LARGE SUNNY FRONT
«—— I room with kitchen, furnished for house-
keeping; reasonable.
a *J99 FIFTH— 2 ROOMS FURNISHED FOR
■Jr — — housekeeping; rent cheap.
• 49Q1 FIFTH-FRONT ROOM AND KITCH-
""** u i' en lumished for housekeeping: flisi floor.
Fillmore Street.
©1 Ci 3 SUNNY UNFURNISHED ROOMS:
*ipxu. goooyard. -.212 Fillmore st, near Clay.
I «. .-..in Street.
739 J" OLS P-« ST.-NICELY* FURNISHED
I sJU housekeeping rooms cheap.
Pourth Street.
- FOURTH -rrnTl-iIIKD ROOMS FOR
dmAdU houarkeenl reasonable.
411 JPURTH- CHEAPEST AND BEST
ILL housekeeping and single rooms In the city.
Grove Street.
"I 9Q GROVE-SUNNY - ™ ROOM
XdUi? and kitchen; suitable for 2 : folding-bed:
grate; bath; etc mt Dea *
Haight Street.
100 HaIGHT-2 SUNNY ROOMS COM-
x. UU pletely furnished for housekeeping.
990 HAIGHT — UNNY - URNI-HED SUITE
— — C and kitchen, also piano.
Harrison Street.
7qq HARRISON-3 FURNISHED ROOMS
• OO for housekeeping; large sunny yard; sens-
rate door: rent $13. p
Howard Street.
704 HOWARD, COR. THIRD— NICELY FUR.
• " * nished front room: also housekeeping.
1 flftQ HOWARD-NICK SUNNY BAY-WIN-
i -tVUOdow housekeeping rooms; also single
A rooms; price reasonable.
•Jesaie Street.
fiOl 1 JESSIE, NEAR SEVENTH-4 ROOMS:
* i *'- > 2 rent $9. , .
•Jones stree:. f
FlftFl J PLEASANT' SUNNY ROOMS,
uuu with or without kitchen.
Fs^F, 1 . B TKVENSON (UPSTAIRS) —2 NICE
isutj i sunny rooms for light housekeeping;
also single rooms.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS — Continued.
Larkin Street.
49Q LARKIN — 3 SUNNY FRONT ROOMS
7««v tor llpbt housekeeping; terms moderate.
X(ifj LARKIN, COR. TURK— 3 SUNNY
Ouu housekeeping rooms.*;
Market Street.
LARGE front ROOM: Al SO SUNNY
housekeeping 1065 Market, opp. Jones.
QfiQn MARKET-ELEGANT FURNISHED
aUUOU bsc- parlor: privilege of front par.or:
bath: gas: kitchen; $12 60.
McAllister Street.
•»f|l ".LUSTER— NICELY" FURNISHED
dUdUU't housekeeping, also single wums: rent. low. ,
"a. 11l mi -tree..
- sn MINNA— FURNISHED SUNNY rooms
040 for housekeeping: large yard.
I -1 (i MINNA— FRONT AND RACK PARLOR,
•it 1 t/ with kitchen, furnished for housekeeping:
first floor.
Montgomery Street.
•-or** MONTGOMERY, COR. CLAY — OPEN
D— . i until 9:3 : o'clock; branch office of The
C all: subscriptions and want ads taken.
Naioiiiit Street.
*•-•: NATOMA— 2 SUITES OF HOUSEKEEP-
-000 ing rooms; rent $9 and $10 per mouth.
Ninth Streei.
1 1 O NINTH — ULBOANTLY FURNISHED
lit/ suite of rooms for housekeeping; bay-win-
dow; folding-bed; everything modern: $12 50 per
month; app y ai middle flat: only quiet, sober peo-
ple wanted; no dogs or parrots.
Poik streei.
99"| POLK— FRONT SUITE WITH USE OF
_— I kitchen for housekeeping: $20.
2' oat streei.
n't C POST-FRONT ALCOVE AND SINGLE
V) J ti room, also housekeeping; all conveniences.
Shotwell Street.
91 7 SHOTWELL— m SUNNY CONNECTING
—II rooms lor housekeeping; gas bath.
Sixth S-TDBI.
"I ICa SIXTH, COR. MINNA- 8 OR 4 FINE
lit) sunny rooms, iurntshed complete for house-
keeping with use of piano.
Taylor Street. .
m TAYLOR— 2 NICELY FURNISHED
rooms, suitable for light housekeeping. .
/ Twenty- 1 ourth Street.
OAfIA TWENTY- FOURTH. NEAR VALEN-
sJ^.UI cia— 3 sunny front rooms, furnished for
housekeeping, $16: connecting.
> au Ness Avenue.
r "I VAN NESS-SUNNY FRONT HOUSE-
t>iO keeping rooms, $15; also single rooms.
7fi/2 VAN NESS AYE. — NICELY FUR-
I UU ulsbed rooms, housekeeping privileges.
Washington streei.
{■i)(\ W A 8 HI N G T O N— HOUSEKEEPING
U*uu rooms: newly papered; $4 per mon h.
KOOMS TO LET.
Clay Street.
1 "I (\ aa, COR. CLAY AND MASON— GOOD,
Xiv/*± sunny front rooms.
Clementina Street.
A f\o CLEMENTINA— NICE SUNNY*
luo rooms Key in saloon. 23K E'ifth st.
Eddy Street.
3 EDDY, COR POWELL — FURNISHED
0 rooms $2 per week up; light housekeeping per-
mitted.
1 1 9 EDDY— NEATLY FURNISHED SUNN
HO single room for gentleman- running water.
"IO EDDY— NEATLY FURNISHED LARGE
Ox Ad room, also small room: $10 and $8.
Eighth Street.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE. 28 STH
su, near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
Ellis Street.
KOYAL HOUSE, 126 ELLIS — IN'CANDKR-
cent lights in every room; reading-room, con-
taining dai.y papers: "smoking-room and ladles'
parlor; open all night; rooms per night. 35c 10
$1 5;.: week, $2 to $8: month. $8 to $30; tire es-
rapes; elevator, on office floor;. annex of 65 rooms
now ready -.hot and cold water in each room; baths
rPHE RAMONA, 130 ELLIS, MR**. KATE S.
I ART . manager— A quiet house-, centrally lo-
cated; newly furnished: elevator; hoi A cold wa.er.
Fifth street.
THE cosmopolitan — SELECT family
hotel: 100 Fifth st., cor. Mission: rooms
60c, 76c and $1 per night; $2 to 85 per week.
09-r FIFTH— SUNNY HALL ROOM, $6;
OdUO also housekeeping, furnished or unfur-
nished. $7 up.
Foliom Street
OnQ FOLSOM. IN REAR-2 NEW SUNNY
Ov/O flats, 2 rooms each; also furnished rooms-
Inquire at 35 Foisom st.
QOA FOLSOM. NEAR FOURTH — FUR-
C— nished rooms; $1 a week.
QOQI FOLSOM— FOUR-ROOM FLAT UNFUR-
OUt/2 nished, $12 per month.
Geary Street.
c*l Q GEARY— FRONT SUITE OF PARLORS
t/XO with piano; also large front room; rooms
single or en suite; board optional.
QAI ! GEARY, COR. HYDE- HANDSOM ELY
OV/X2 furnished sunny suite of rooms; baib;
reasonable.
Golden Gate Aveuue.
99f| golden GATE AYE. — pleasant
OOU sunny room: gas: bath: private faml y; $6.
97 GOLDEN GATE AYE.— SUNNY FUR-
OS' I nished rooms to let.
1 Ann GOLDEN GATE AYE, CO . lagu-
lv uu na-st. Park — Handsomely furnished,
large, sunny front room; bay-window: also large
single room.
Howard Street. .
"".K 9 HOWARD ST.— LARGE SUNNY' FUR-
-00 nished room for housekeeping: rent $7.
9CQ HOWARD— UNFURNISHED ROOMS IN
CO suites or single.
1 RZ\A HOWARD — 2 SUNNY BEDROOMS;
LUO L bath and gas and plain washing: $5
Hunt Street.
91 HUNT. OFF THIRD— NEAT CLEAN FUR-
Ox. nished rooms; 60c week and up.
done- Street.
907 .'ONES-THE VAN WINKLE: NEW
— U I management: elegant sunny suites and
single: newly furnished: bath, etc.; $10 to $30.
Kearny Street.
ARLINGTON nOUSE, 127 KEARNY —
Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first
class In every respect: terms reasonable.
"VTEW AVENUE HOUSE , 904 KEARNY ST.,
Xi corner Jackson— Single rooms 16, 20, 25. 60
cents per night: special rates per week or mouth.
Lurkin Street.
"I A"l 91 LARKIN— COR. BAY-WINDOW RM.;
IULO't exclusive klicncn: oiiiers; all sunny;
$6 to $20.
Market Street. V -
-7QOI MARKET— LARGE FRONT OFFICE-
iC'J't roomsln suites or single: rent reasonable.
YOSKMITE HOUSE. 1045 MARKET-PER
night, $35 to $1: week, $1 50 10 $5: families.
1 G9& MARKET— FURNISHED AND UN-
-1 OauU furnished rooms for housekeeping.
Mason > treet.
8 MASON. COR. MARKET (ALBEMARLE)—
Nicely furnshed sunny front rooms on Market
St.; suite or single; suitable for offices.
..„■: :•'.". '_'. /'-:---:-. '" Minna Street.
491 MINNA, BET. STH AND 6TH-NICE
'i OL front tooms,s6 mo.uo; hot, cold wa.er baths.
49r MINNA, BET. FIFTH AND BIXTB-
"Xt'O Third floor, 6 sunny unfurnished rooms;
gas; $18.
797 MINNA, NEAR NINTH — 3 UN FUR-
* — I nished rooms: large yard: $8 per mouth.
Mission street.
HANCOCK HOUSE, 781 MISSION: SELECT
family rooming-bouse; $1 60 to $1 per week.
1. 147 MISSION — NICE SUNNY ROOMS
X- I " I from $4 to $5 per month.
99 X 1 MISSION — SUNNY FRONT ROOM;
m»m\o x gentleman; bath: rent $7: also single-
Nat oina Street.
94 F", NATOMA— FURNISHED ROOMS $1,
*-±0 $1 26, $1 60; housekeeping rooms, $1 76.
9&9 1 NATOMA, NEAR FOURTH— 2 ROOMS;
*->\Jdu% water; yard.,
. 1 ■■■-■.-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1897.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
Pine Street.
7"! A PINE-SUNNY FRONT ALCOVE ROOM
I LU suttab'e for two gents or coupe.
Post Street.
Al fl l" osr (AUDITORIUM)— NICELY FUR-
'ilu nished sunny rooms; en suite and single.
71 '-} POST— 2 SUNNY FURNISHED CON-
lo necting rooms: terras reasonable.
7-1 r PuST. UPSTAIRS-SUNNY FURNISH-
I i ti ed and housekeeping rooms.
I owed I Street.
TIT" ILLISFORD — 212-214 POWELL-NEWLY'
■■ furnished rooms.
211- POWELL ST., COR. GEARY: LARGE OR
•*■» O small sunny coruer room; nicely furnished.
Sixth Street.
99 SIXTH — QUIET SUNNY ELEGANT
00 rooms; «UI conveniences; fireproof building.
949 SIXTH-LARGE FRONT ROOM WITH
— j -J iireplace; $b per month.
BevciiTti Slreei.
"I 49 SEVENTH ST., GIRARD HOUSE— ELE.
X-^-d gant furn. suites, kitchen; also single rooms
South Park.
ICi SOUTH PARK — FURNISHED ROOMS
1 V" for housekeeping; also single rooms.
Stevenson Street.
X XC STEVENSON - NINE UNFURNISHED
sj'iu rooms; rent cheap.
IRA STEVENSON. OFF NINTH-LARGE
• , -' TI furnished room: use of bath.
Sutter Street.
Ann SUTTER, NEAR POWELL - HAND-
n •*-"-" somely newly furnished light sunny rooms
and offices: hatn: central; reasonable; "apprecl-
i led it seen by doctor.
C"t 4 SUTTER ST.— NICELY FURNISHED
sjs.~t rooms; sulteor single; low rent to desirable
tenants
701 •"•UTTER-NEWLY "FURNISHED AL-
» sj 1 cove suite; breakfast ildesired; reasonable.
Stockton ->.reei.
THE EUROPEAN, 17 STOCKTON— FUR-
L Btabed suites from $4 to $10 a week; single
rooms, $1 .0 to "53 a week; hot and cold water in
every room; baths: transient specUlty: tlevstor.
Taylor Street.
119 LOR— NICELY FURNISHED OR
-t-A— unfurnished sunny rooms; transients 50c
to $1.
a Lim sires;. . '.;'-.
1 7 THIRD (IMPERIAL) — SUNNY FUR-
x. I nished rooms; quiet house; tourist specialty,
transient. ' '
Turk Street.
•-.941 TURK— SUNNY' FRONT ROOM IN
UmVXa private family; rent $8.
"Webster Street.
991 Q WEBSTER- SUNNY NEWLY FUR-
m.*-ix.KJ nisl.ert rooms for gentlemen : references.
Miscellaneous.
TTNFURNIBHKD LARGE PARLOR SUITE
1~l suitable for business; central. Address A. M
S.. box 76, Call Office.
CW. COR SIXTEENTH ST.. NEAR MISSION:
0 branch office of Thk Call, subscriptions and
want ads taken.
BOARDING ANU KOOMS.
I AOl VAN NESS CO II - LUSH-SUNNY
1 "vl double and single rooms with board; tel.
7-19 POST-2 NICELY" FURNISHED ROOMS,
I I*. with board, suitable for 2; $20 each; parior
and piano.
IQI7 WaBSTKB, NEAR CALIFORNIA —
1 *.' 1 l Sunny alcove room, with board; home 1
comfort a . ]
II 9 EDDY — LOVELY FRONT SUNNY ROOM
"XL— for 2 with board: $22 50 each.
997 GEARY— ND I I.YEI RNISHED RIKIJIS
— i ' en suite or single; lirst-class table board
7(\li VAN NESS AYE. — FIRST - CLASS
I VI U board and rooms: lowest price.
It SIXTH *-T.— THE MANCHESTER; EI.E:-
"itr gant furnished sunny rooms; fine table board.
HOTEL BrtRTLING. 711 By SH-A FAMILY
hotel: references: all modern conveniences.
CMH.UttK.'i liUAlibEt).
LADY IN COUNTRY WOULD LIKE 1 OR 2
small children to boarJ or Infant to raise: very
reasonable: best of reierences given. Ing nlre at
Call Office.
STORES TO LET.
BARBER-SHOP. WITH BATHS: ESTAB-
llshed Id yean: $18 per month; key at 5.19
second st. -- :
l aipenter-O^op; $7 per month. 6Do Boom at.;
key at 539 Se- ond st. • "■•■■:• ■
i' limning- shop; S-j per month. 8 De Rooms*.;
key at 539 Second st.
Corner store, 581 second sl; $14 per month-
ker at 639 Second st.
4"l a FOURTH-SMALL STORE WITH ROOM
"lIVJ In rear: low rent. Apply to G. H. UMBSEN
A CO., 14 Montgomery st.
STORE— 2 SHOW WINDOWS, 2 LlVlN'O-
rooms. 1802 Howaia St.. cor. Fourteenth;
rent cheap.
C 99 SIXTH - STOKE; 3 ROOMS; LARGE
"-'—■-J yard: rear entrance; rent $11.
LINE BASEMENT SUITABLE FOR ANY
1 business; one block from Market. 15 Grant ava
i*9*; STORE » ROOMS: LIGHT cellar
■IP— O. 1 128 Howard st.. near Seventh.
AT LOW RENT— PART OF STORE AND
-TV ba-emenL 324 Post st-
OFFICES TO LET.
LARGE SUNNY OFFICE*. FULLY' FURNISH-
ed: oestroom; cheap. Call 916 Market, rm 69.
1 E\OR MA'.KET - NEW, L RUE, SUNNY
lOUij front office-rooms; all modern.
DESKROOM TO LET: CHEAP RENT. AP-
nly 609 Kearnv st.. room 8.
DENTISTS.
fljj 7 FIT. SET TEETH; BEST MAKE;
»4P * . kept I-, repair; extracting free; lillin^g,6oc;
crowns, $3 60. Pacific Dental Parlors, 18 Third.
ULL SET OF TEETH, $7: WARRANTED 5
X years; painless extraction: see our new combina-
tion plate; thinnest, lightest, coolest plate made-
warranted 10 years fillings. COc; crowns, *3 jo'
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS, 24 Sixth street
DR. J. J. LEEK. 1126 MARKET Si.; OPEN
evenings: Sundays till noon.
POSITIVELY PAIN LESS EXTRACTION. DR.
HARDING, COOSutter cor. Powell: te1.ma1n5375
FIRST-CLASH DENTISTRY; CHEAP- l'/l-
able $1 week. CHAPMAN, 16th anil Mission.
C HALE-ANT A CHA LEANT. MOVED FROM
8 Mason to 119 Powell: bridgework especially.
/-■HILTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 80S MAR-
\J Ket st. DR CHA RLE! -> W. DECKER
$7 A BET FOR WARRANTED Ad
•JP • good as ran be made; filling $1. DR MM Md,
dentist, 930 Market st., next Baldwin Theater.
PAINLESS EXTRACTION, 50c; CROWN
bridge work a specialty: plates $6 up: lSyeari
experience. R. L WALSH, D.D.S., 815*>4 Geary.
DR LUDLUM HILL 1443 MARKET ST, NR.
Eleventh; no charge for extracting when
plates are made: eld plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set; extracting 60c; gas given.
Sf;t OF TEE without A plate, dr.
H. G. Youug. 1841 Polk
CROOME DENTAL 'AT lON. 759 M A R-
ket,. bet. 3d and 4th; gas specialists: pa inlaw
extracting, with gas, $1; plates. $5 up: fill, $1 up.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, THK GENUINE
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of improved bridge work or teeta
without any plate, moved from tt to 20 O* Farrells*.
All WORK REASONABLE and WAR-
ranted. DR. J. '.v. KEY. 1122 Markets*.
ATTORNEYS- AT-LAW.
ADVICE FREE: DIVOHCE LAWS ASP«>
laity: private; no fee without success: probate,
Insolvency, Wilis, collections, bills of sale, deeds,
damages, etc.; private detective^: estab. 10 years!
O. W. HOWE:, 850 Market st. corner Stocktons*.
ADVICE NO CHARGE UNLE.-.S SUO
cessfuL W. W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market st.
KW. KING. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW, CHRON-
XV. lcle building: advice fiee: low s: oil coses.
ADVICE FREE; N<> CHARGE UNLESS suc-
cessful. J. G. JBFFRhBS. 632 Market, rm.23.
HOTELS. '' : '-
BROOKLYN HOTEL 208-212 BUSH «C
I) board and room $1 to $2 per day, 16 to $12
per week; choice rooms 60 cents to $1: suite
rooms for family $1 10 Sl 50 per night: flrst-class
service; trie coach. CHARLES MONTGOMERY
1 iteii***i-**gtfe^iMi*^*aY*Si^yq^^
„ ' OLD-HORSE SALE.
EDWAI D S. sPE:AR A CO., AUCTIONEERS,
31-33 Sutter St., telephone Main 6181. Old
hor c sale. The unclaimed freight received at the
office of Wells, Fargo <fc Ca prior to July 1, 1896,
will be so.d at the auction rooms or Edward is.
sp"ar«t ca, 81 and 3.-> Su.ter st., in the City and
C nnty of san Francisco, California, at public
Mc lon, to the hi-.hest bidder lor cash, on SION-
. AY, .he lothday of March. 1897, commencing at
'0 o'c ock a. it., and continuing from day today
until the whole is told.
EXPLANATION OF ABBREVIATIONS—
BbL barrel; blk bag, black bag: bdl, bundle:
blkts. blankets: b box, bandbox; c box. cigar box;
COD, collect on delivery; b stead, bedstead: 1'
box, paper box; pel. parcel; pfcg, package: sk,
sack; h box, hat box; sg mch, sewing machine-
trk, trunk.
Api leton <fe Co., D., pkg; Allen, J., pkg: Abend
Post. 3 pkss; Agent (E. P. Edwards, Ontario.
Cal.). pkg; Altoua, Theo , 2 pkgs: Albert, P., pkg;
Audenried, Geo. A., pkg: Ach, J., pkg: Alta
Paper Mfg Co., pkg: Anderson, W. W., pkg; Ash-
eiman, A. D.. 2 pkgs; Anderson, Miss Joile, pkg-
Ahistedt, Carl J., pkg: Allen, J. £ jkg: Ander-
son & McKenna, pkg; Abraham, M., pkg; Armes
«fe Da-lam, pkg: Atteil <ft son, &, pkg: a ron,
Maurice J., pkg; Abramson A Heunlsch, bx:
Alviza. John, grip; Adams, E. G., hamper;
American Union E'lsh Co., bx: Abrams, Gus.,
bale; Amundson, 0., pkg; Allen, -Mr. J., pkg:
Banman A Ca, pbx: Bales A Suydam. 3 pugs:
Butler »£ Co., pkg; Barker's safety window belt,
pkg: Boston . Woven Hose and R, Co.. pkg;
Briscoe & Beversou, pkg; Bruse, Miss Fannie,
pkg: Tutler, Mrs. Guy, pfcg; Bunker, Ur. R. E,
Pfcg; Blum, George W.. pkg: Berger, Roy, pkg:
Baunls er, A. C, pug; Baldwin, Katie, bx; i.ulger.
Mr., pkg: BMzyuski. M.,pkg; Baden, clem pkg;
Black, N., bx; Black. J. N. C bx; Bernard, S. J..
2 pkgs: Burt, Mrs. A.. 2 ukga: Bahr, W. a.,
pkg; Leram. A., pkg; Breedlove, J. N., pkg;
Buel, Clarence M., pkg; Bostwick, Mrs. K.
C., bx; • Briscoe <fc Walpole, p.ig; Brady,
Mrs. J. 1.., pkg; Barnes, 1 homas H. pke;
Blddle, J. A., pkg*. Baldwin, Geo. W., pfcg; Bat-
tles, Mrs. W. W., pkg: Buyer A Reich, pkg: Bizzl,
Miss Aluina. pku: Breckeuridg.-, J. c, pkg; Brown
<feCa,J G., pkg; Bowman, R. li., t.x; Bailiie
Geo. 8., trk; Re.!, F. V.. trk; Brown, Judge Har-
vey -..sack-. Brandt, E. W., 2 s-cs; Brown, Dr.,
2cstgatt: BeuhHm <fc < a. J. C. pkg; Brodt rick,
M. J . grip: Brandensieln<tCo., M. J., bale: Butler,
Mrs. V. A., trk Boiklr, W. A., bx; Bellinger I em-
edyco.bx: Breen, John, pkg; Bauer, Ignatz pke;
Condon, Mary, bx; Cook, Leon, bx: Clagboin. B.
P., P*>g; Chau moogra a. 'Ihe, pkg: inn an,
Miss L, pkg: California Rural World, pkg: Camp-
bell, Mrs., pkg; Castro, Quint, pkg; Cutshall, J.
F., pkg; 1 hurt-hill, F. c, pkg; Crocker A Co., H,
s.. pkg; Collins. Mike, pkg; Commissioner of
Labo , pkg; Call editorial dept.. pkg: Carothers.
Mrs- Lillian, bx; Clauds. Mrs Max, pkg: 10-01.-
-erailve Publishing 10. 13 pkes: Carson Glove
.CO., 2 pkgs: Chicago Pert rail to. or F. W. 'I Ins-
man, pkg; Coffee, J. J., pkg; Cohen & Co., J. B ,
pug- Cuneo, Luis, pkg; California Medical an .
Surgical Infirmary, pkg; Cratib. H. W., 2 pkgs,
Carmlcb&el, James J., pkg; Columbian Woolen
Mills, pkg: Charles, J. C, p»e; Calderwood, G. Vf.,
bx; Croall, Frank, pke; CI. Illustrated Magazine,
pkg; Calderwood, George W., p bx; Curry,
James. pkg: C. oper. Frank, pkg: Castle,
Mrs. James 8., pkg; Cain A Co., J. H., bx:
Craven, Sidney, pkg; Cos per, K. X., valise; Cun-
ningham, P. D., 2 ens; Coi. ins, Mrs. B.trk: Cal.
Fruit an.l Sherbet Co., 2 bxs Carey. John T.,
bx; Carr. P. J., val: . Ca'. Electrical Co., bx:
Cremliis Denis, bx: CbalfiiH, Thomas W., gr:p;
California Mills, bx: < randall, E. L, sack;
Chalfant, H. G.. sack: Camacho, Mme. El., pkg;
Dooley. J. J., p^g; 1 are, Starr, pkg; Dakin Pub,
Co., pkg: Dawson, W. is., pkg; Dow ling, Chris,
pku*: Duveriiz, I. Solomon, tale; Dillon, T. B.
sack: Dickenson, C. C, pkg: Dimond, Jos. S.. pkg;
I-'iivifs * Co., pKg; Donnelly. Mrs. Henrietta, pkg;
Dayton Bar Library Asm, pic: Draper. Arthur
W., pkg; Dickenson, John H, pkg: De Lair A
Allen, pkg: Daley, RobL H., pkg; Doherty, L N..
baie: Darbee & Immel, bx; European stsff of
physicians, pkg; Elliott, Lulu, pkg; Elliott Puo. Co.,
pki;: Eng lsh Remedies Co., pke: F'wing, Thos,
sack: Ellel, Albert L. bx; Kwlng, Tom, sack;
E'uller, J. W., pkg: E"md, A. 0., pkg; Farley,
Father Philip pkg: Fothrell. Dr., pkg; Fsrla. Jose
Antonio, pi.g; Fleming, F. B, pkg: Eoie.iter, H.,
pkg: "F'owzer," pkg; Flnnegan, John E. pkg;
E'naday, Maria, pfcg: E'erguson, E. M.. pkg;
Fisher, L A., bale; Fillmore Palace, pkg: Fl:z-
gera d, I. F , pfcg; Flynn. Mrs. J. H., pki;: E'ra-
tlnger, Arthur, pkg; French shoe Co.. pkg; Frank,
Claries, bale; ox, George W., pkg and bx; Flsk,
A. 1)., bx; Foss, F. B. tin: -Fisher, A., bx;
Glau * Co., M., pug: Glerimondl, Rev. F., pkg;
Girls' Directory, pkg; Glbbs, H. C A., pkg; Go. den
Gate Promoting Co., 2 pkg*i and box: Giuka,
Nick J., box: Gottschalk, Mrs. E., pkg; Graham,
C. E:., pkg; Getim, li. J., pug; Coldschmldt, L.,
pkg: Grouer, 11., pkg: Gormau, Jame-;, box;
Gould, c.. H.. pkg: Goodman, A., pkg: Gamble,
F. M., pkg; Graves, Mrs. James, box: Gates, Miss
A., pkg: Green, F. A., pfcg; Goldmayer, Isaac H.,
box; Gallagher. Thomas, pkg; Gordon, R. E\, pkg;
George, Walter, pkg; 1 rove-, Leonard, 32 pkes;
Gambttz, X.. c op: GiiYor-i, Fred P.. box;
Gailick, A., casting; Goodman L., box:
Gibson Mr.. box: Grey, F. s., box;
Geer, G. W.. bx; Gruenbagen's, pkg: Henley A
Hetselberg, pkg; Howe, L H., pkg; Hunsaker, E.
8., stctc: iilbsher, Julius, pkg: Huntington, E. lU.
pkg: Holtum Bros , pkg; Hoffman, Fleishman**
Co., pfcg; Henr.s, Mrs. A., pkg; Haniev. Mrs Tes-
sle, pkg; Hlmnielshach, William, pkg; Henrie,
Miss A., pkg; Hoffman. F„ A Schmidt, pkg: Hoy-
man, Jacob, p-g; Hofstetter, Miss Alma, pk-,-;
Henrickson, B E, pkg; Uedinger, R, pkg; HOl-
-11s. J., i-kg; Hughes, .nbur D., pkg: nassler A
Shumate, pks: HubbarJ, Mrs M., bx;
Hea-.ed, F. M., pkg: Hannigsberger, s.,
pkg; Hammond. Mrs F. M., pkg;
Henkle. i has., pkg; Hess, E. pkg: Mendricfcson
A Mi -lii-ney, pkg: Hogan, J. T., pkg; It 111, Dr. F..
1... p-,i;: Hogan, i\ m., bx: Uubachek. J. 11.,
bx; Hewitt, Erank, bx; Higrlns, Mar.in. pk;;
Hanck, S. r.,bi: Hamilton, Allied --antlow, cri:
Hayes, A. J , Jar; Herck, C. pke: Hendry Sons <fc
Co.. pkir: Hail. Myrtle, irk and vol at ; Heath-
cote, Dexter <fc Co., bx; Honeger, Henry, trk;
Hickn an. J. It., val: Hildei randt, Geo . tut; Ham.
mond <fc Son, J., bx; Hubbard A Co., E. .v., cri;
Hi bee, Chas., hx: Uolden. a. P., bx fdjnj)*
Hunt, J. T.,bx; Howard, red T. Z., bx: Har-
low, ilea, kit; Hutchinson. alter, trk;
Hail. Dr. s li., halter: Higkins. H. W., ode:
lmlny, Harry, pkg: Irwin, K. H., 2 pkgs; Ito:
X., hamper; Jobanson, Dr. E, 2 pkgs: Junction
Pharmacy, 2 pkgs; Jud>-e of Circuit Court, pkg.
Johnson. s. a., pka; Josselyn. W. R, pkg;
Jones, Geo. H., pkg; Jenkins, Clara, bx: John-
ston <fc Fulton, bx; Jacobs, J., pkg: Jennings, F.
R., pkg: Janssen A .eliman, pkg; Job. David,
pkg; Jones, J. a., bdl rim. and 2 pa alt: Johnson,
C. R., bx; Jostelyn.L 11.. hunipei : Juhn-son. F. M.,
sack: Jacobson A Lobree, chest; Josselyn,J.S.,pkg:
X eln & simklns, pkg: Kramer. S, pug: Keeter
W. A., ux; Kelly. Albert, bx; Kirby, C. X.. pkg;
Kelly, M. J., pkg: Kaufman, J M., pkg: Kestler,
Dr. F. EL, pkg: Krutoszyuer, Dr M , pkir; Kahn
A Co., Henry, pke; Keene, Miss Lizzie, pkg;
Knoll, F. W., pkg; Kearse, M. F., pkg; K.ak.r .t
Wagner, bx: Kemerson. Mrs. ... bale; Keen,
Henry, 3 tale alt; Krogh Manufacturing Com-
pany, pkg; Lorenzo. Anthony M., pkg; Lehn,
i-.rhard, nkg; London,- Paris and Ameri-
can Bank, pkg; Lyons Co., The E. G.,
pkg; Lawier, William P., pkg: Lunile, Naih,
pkg: Leang. Lund, pks: Lision, .son, nkg;
Loulgo, K. V., pkg; Lewis. W. S., pfcg: Llppman,
J., bx: I-.ifrai. Linda, pkg; Lowenbere A Co.,
bx and pkg: Loyd,. F... bx:. Lorle, O. 8., pkg;
Lldgewood, J. M., 2 pkgs; La Barre, Mi-., pkg;
I. inner, M., umbrella; Levy, L., pkg: Lindner,
Mrs., bobby-horse; Langelow, T., bale; Loupe, E .
bx; Lamson, Mrs. G. E'..bx; Lessen:*, Mr., and
demijohn; Loeber, J. 11.. can; Luckhardt, c. A.,
bx; lane, J. 11., bx; Lalng. J. W., bx; Moore. W.
11., Jar; Matthews, William, pkg; Meyer,
Mrs. W., pkg; Murphy, Dr. R. W., pkg;
Meyer. A. G-, cslc: Mayer, Emma, bx*
Murphy. C. pkg; Miller, W. H., pkg: .Miller, 0.,
pkg: Milenz, .F. S., umbrella; Mills, Mrs. E. L,
2 pkgs: Moomaw, J. C. 2 pkgs: Miller A CO., M..
p^.g; Mathews. Wm., pkg; Madsen, Mrs. J., pkg:
M Her*. Orcu t, pfcg: Meyer. Fred, pkg; Metralf,
J. W., pkg: Miller, Fred, pkg; Morgan. Jas , pfcg:
Magulre, Jas. A., pfcg: Mci. del-ton, M. A., pkg;
Merrill, J. ('., pfcg; Mills, E T., bale and pkg;
Morgan. Ross pkg; Mitchell, H. T., box; Merrill,
T. L, pkg: Moora N. W., pkg; Magulre. James,
pkg: Mone, A. D., pkg: Merrill, L. Gustavo, pkg;
Mairen, G. L., trunk; Murphy, M. 11., box:
Mayer, Dawson, box; Marwedel, C. F., box;
Morey Gas Burner Agency. 2 bxs- Metropolitan
Moulding Company, pkg; Mack, Ml.s Ida. pkg;
M-ars, C. it., box; Magulre, W. W. , bale; Maxon,
Frank S.. box; McDonald, Mrs. L, box; McKenna
RobeVt, box: McLane. Charles A., pkg: McMsuus,
J J., pkg; McCuue Mill Company, sack: McClel-
land, H. A., pkg; McLaushlln, W. IL, pkg. Mc-
Dermoit, A., pkg; ilcMabo 1, A., pkg; McGeorge,
William, box: McLaren, Charles s., box; McGraw,
Pat. vall-.e: McNally, A. 8.. sack; McKlnney, De
Witt, sack: Mcl-'arland A McCrludei Co.. bale:
Natl. Photo and Enlarging Co., pkg; Nelson, Miss
Ii .ma. pkg; Nyhurs, Mrs... pkg; Nichols, Mr.
and Mrs. H. D., bx: Nelcke, Eellx, bx; New be-
gin, J. J., 2 pkg: N. Y. Art Co., pktr; Norman,
Wm., pkg; Nagle, H. H., bale: Newman, Jos.,
trt; Oleln, Emma, pkg; Owner, pkg; O'Connell,
It, IL, pkg; Olson. C, pkg; Olesen, T., bx;
Old Ladles' Home, pUr: Orchard and
Farm, pkg; O'Brien, William, trk: Preston,
it. Walton, bx: Fre-,i<.eii, Miners' stock
Board, pkg; Park»r, C. M. T., pk?; Petrolckas,
Aiinarpose, pkg; Pacific Wine and Spirit Review,
2pkguit; Ron. Mme. Ju:ie Manre. pkg; Palton,
A. P.. 2 pkgs: Pinto, J., 2 pkgs; I'oyzer. Thomas,
sk: Pra.- A Co., a. J., pkg: •'l'opuiist," 2 pkg«:
Parker. W. J., pkg: "Progre-s," pkg; Pfeifter,
Fred, pkg; Pacific Mining Agency <fc Trust Co.,
p..g: Prenot. Louis, pkir; Paper Covered Book-
store, pkg; Potter A Co., O. si., pke; Patrick A
«-a, B. H.. 2 pkgs; Porry, F. W., pkg; Perkins,
George H., pkg: Poliak, Samuel, bale; Peterson
Fred T., pke: Pfarrer, a. R., pkg-
Pacific Iron Works, pkg: Philpott, J. c'
D., pkg: Palmer, a. E., pkg; Price Bak-
ing Powder Co, pkg; Peterson, Theo, bx:
Phila. Pharmacy Co.. pkg: Pacific Advertising
service, pkg; P.ato & Treyser, pkg; Pollock. W.
T.. bx: re Ira, Jose S.. bx: Pelt. John Cotter
Jr.. Nx: Pierce, Ml, bx; Uulnn. J. m. -sr, pkz;
O-i.idi it Co., J hn. -bx: Quarz. Emil, toy waxoi*
l.ice. Miss, bx; Belnolds, Mrs. .-., p.g- Kich*
Mary, pkg; Renault, p-g: Riley, Jerry, pkg;
Rochester Shoe Co., pke: Rcdllc.i Bros., pkg.
Rumsey, Miss 8., pkg; Rich <fc Thomas',
pkg: -..ecknagel. IL, pkg; Reeve. B. J., pkg-
Robinson, H. G., . pkg; Rosa, J. D., pkg-
Reynolds.- T., pkg: Ragln, Miss C A., pkg;
Roese, Mrs. M J., pkg; Rice, a., umbrella;
Koienstein, S.. bbx; Ryan. Perry t., trunk bx
and bale; Rice, H. L. pfcg: Simons, James J.
pkg; Swan, Dr. R R., pkg; steel, H., sack; Scott,
Mrs. Susie, pkg: Sawyer- W. E., pug; Suuset
Photo, and Eng. Co., pkg; Si. versions, F., pkt:-
■sterling, Dr. G. A., pfcg; utoermer, F. R. bx*
sloll, P. A., pkg; Stltt. W. S„ pkg; Shields A Co.",
J. 11,. pkg; Simon, Abe, pbx; Snarp, W. R.'pfcg.
snurtllff. Dr. G. A., pkg: .-tuiii, Jonn
P., pkg: Svotada, Erank, pkg; tselfnage,
Dr. Grant X., pkg: Scharry, j.. bx-
-chaffer. W. P., pkg; Sweeney. Albert D..
pkg; Sleln, Oswald, pkg; Schweitzer it la pkg-
smith. W . pkg; >lmmons, »., pkg; Smith, Dr, S.
H. pkg: Strauss A Co., E„, pk ; IS. jp. News Co..
pkg: Smith, Geo., pug: Bhumptou A Son. Alfred
pkg: seamen's Institute, pkg: Swiuion, John IS
pkg: shoals, Geo. L. bx; -. sihnack, ,D , pkg:
S earns. Dr. V. J., pkg: sherman, 0., 2 pkes*
Seller, W. G. 2 pugs; Schwartz <fc Co., A.. pkg*
Schmidt, Alex A.i pkg; san Iran Chronicle, bx-
Smith, Chester 1., bx: Sylvester, Dr. Henri', sack-
stone. at P., bx: scrlbner, h. D., cage and cri*
8. F. Introduction Co., bx; Stock well, L. R., 10
pxgs; Samuels Eros., bx; Simmons, Mrs. I- A.,
olkts: Sabitle A Co.. F.. demijohn; Stewari. H. L.,
sk; Srepovlch A Co., L < - .. bx : Schubert, Chas. L.
trk: 1 1- r*..,t bus. J.>pk-..T Tij-ior. Mrs kiltle.pkg*
Tekle, c has- LL, pkj,, ai.um--a.ii, a. 8., , pkg- 1
OLD-HORSE SALE-Continued.
Thayer, Fred, nkg: Teare. E. R. pkg: Thurber,
Eluaetie. pkg; Thome, Sara, pkg: Trncey, Frank
C. ," pkes; Thrane, c. n.. bx; Tillmanu «fe Bendel,
bx; Tanner, K. Ai."; bale: Urton, W. J., pkg; Unas
j <fe Co., Harry, pfcg; Van Arnam. W. C., nfcg; Van
! Foerester. Dr., pkg; Voelkel, Geo. F".,
pfcg; Vjelckel R., pfcg; Vance, S. H.,
pkg; Verreuder, R. F.. ptg: Van Borden,
Miss X., bx; Van Wen hern, Jos.,- bx:
Watson, Frank, pkg: Wright, R. Percy, pkg: Wet-
ter, Charles 1... pkg; Walker, C. R., bx: Waldo,
kerU pu-*: Weru Rev. Loyal, pkg; Waite, B. 0.,
pk : Wolff, Wra., pkg: Walt, D. W., p*::: -Ward
A Glanvllle, pkg: Walker, C. E. pkg: Wilcox, T.
B..pxg; Wolf, Henry, pkg: Wise, K. E.. pfcg:
Weber, J, ikg; Watson, samuel E.,pkg: Watson,
W s.. pkg; Weimore, Buwen A ■ 0., pkg; Week,
\V. F., pkg; Woodlovell <fc C'aflin, pKg: Wilson,
W. R. nkg; West, C. C, pkg: Wiechers & Brnhns,
pki; Wyman, E. 0., bx: Warren & Co., W. W.,
bx; Wake, George E., pkg: Willams, Brown ifc
Co., bx; Wright, J. W.. bx; Williams, Christian
V., grip: Worcester Cycle Mfg Co., 2 crates bikes;
Westphal, F. W., bx: Whaler, Edw^aack; Wil-
liams, J., crate; Young. Dr. J. C, bx: Yates, W.
H. sack; Zier, L., pkg; Zimmer, Mrs. S., pfcg;
Zammttt, P. F., coop.
EDWARD S. SPEAR A CO.. Auctioneers.
31 and 33 Sutter st. Telephone Main 5181.
MONEY TO LOAN.
A LOANS ON FURNITURE OR PIANOS,
J\.. In S. F., Oakland or Alameda, at lowest rates;
without removal: no <ommissions: no delays.
J. NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission su, above Sixth,
telephone Jessie 41.
"it-inn 000 AT 6 ¥* PKB CENT ON city
(JOUV/.UUU real estate; also Oakland testates,
life insurance, second mortgages, any sum. Man*
hattan Loan Ca, 10 Mil s building, ground floor.
HIGHLY KESI'KCTABL!" AND PRIVATE
place to obtain the mo.-i liberal advances on
diamonds and, jewelry at the very -lowest rates.
Baldwin Jewelry Store, 948 Markeu
ANY AMOUNT: IST, 2D;OR 3D MORTGAGES,
estates, undivided Interests, real estate In pro-
bate: furniture and pianos without removal.
UcCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery St.. room 3.
A— PRIVATE AND RESPECTABLE, WITH
very light interest, is Hie secret of our success.
Cut-rale Loan Oflice. Flood building, sO9 Market.
DIRECT ON YOUR FURNITURE OP. PIANO.
no rem'-fal: no delays: no commissions; low
interest. Km. 03, Douohu-* bldg, 1170 Market s:.
• OOP; nnrt* AT BANK RATES: IST AND
O~dO.UUU 2d mortcages. estates, rents, etc.;
lend as low as $50. H. MURPHY, 628 Markets'..
WHY PAY HIGH INT. ON SMALL LOANS?
ll We loan at 55c interest per mo. on each $100
on 2d mortgage; any security. Gold, box 4, Call.
ON FURNITURE; VERY LOW INTEREST;
no commission. SCRIBN'EIH, 7 City Hall aye.
(> -00,000 ON CITY AND COUNTRY PRuP-
"Jerty ; low rales. A. BCHULLKR, -i2oCala.su
LOAN» ON REAL ESTATE:; LOWEST RATE
lv Of luteresU JAS.B.BI OOKS 214 Pine, r sB-59.
PKIVAIE PARTY LOAN'S ON ANY' GOOD
securlty-.low InteresU H.D., box 160,Ca1l Oflice
MONEY TO LOAN ON REAL ESTATE: ANY
amounu WILLIAMS, 214 Pine su, room 3.
Cj-A TO $50, 000; LOWEST KATE: IST A 20
■"""J O mortgage; flat or instlmnu Dryden, 635 CaL
ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JE:WE* RY'.KTC
Columbia Loan A I ollateral Office. •' 1 rant aye.
TROPEKTY TO EXCHANGE.
UOR S^LE~b^T^XcifAlvoTr^uß^ NICE
J" home or business property worth $-"O,COO—
One line iruit ranch, full bearing, with house,
barn and Implements complete; will produce $5000
worth of fruit per annum: no mortgage. Give
particulars and address 1-1 I)., box 140, Call Oflice.
En HOUSES AND LOTS FROM $200 TO
OU $28,000: 100 ranches, everywhere.
H. C. DECREE 1020 Market sl., opp. Fifth.
QEND EOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
0 for sale. W POSTER tfe WHITTON. San Joss.
MEDICAL.
A SURE. SAFE AND SPEED 1 CURE FOR
all female diseases: ladies may bave the bene-
fit of the skill and attention of a physician of long
and successful practice. A home in confinement
»ith best care, with the privacy of a home and the
conveniences of a hospital. Those who are sick or
discouraged should call 02 the doctor and state their
case. All consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. GW YER, 126 Turk sU
DR J. 11. JOSSELYN. 1 elg AT EC I A L-
lsL still offers his valuable services to the un-
fortunate. With a mind matured and enriched by
studies of an advanced order, there Is hardly it
disease in the catalogue ot human Ills he cannot
ireai to a pei feci cure. Ladles, he is always ready
to assist you. His knowledge has been strength-
ened by extensive experience. No case peculiar
to your dellcite organism Is beyond his sine con-
trol. His female montuly remedies are sere and
safe In their effects. H.s tried and valuable reme-
dies for lost manhood are never-falling ln iheir
action, and are warranted tor both young and old.
He excels all others I 1 cure of private diseases.
Over 50 years of practice enables him 10 warrant
a cure in all cases. Consultation parlors. 906
Market su Call or write direct 10 906 Markets: .
rooms 11 and 12.
ALL CASE'S OF MONTHLY SUPPRESSION",
(from whatever caus •) restored in a few
hours; safe and sure at any lime; Instant relief for
travelers: home In confinement: best care and
privacy: regular physician; 30 years' successful
practice: my celebrated rimed for monihly
suppression never fat : medical electricity fur ail
fema c comp alms: every c^se guaranteed: co -
sultation fr*e. confide:, lal; hours 10 to 6: pills $1.
MRS. DR. WYETH, 916 Post St., near Larkin.
A PROCESS THAT IS PERFECTLY HARM-
less: never fails in any case of monthly sick-
ness, no motter what cause; no elec ricity hum-
bug or other dangerous methods: money In every
case refunded if a cure is not effected: travelers
helped Immediately; years' experience: home in
confinement with sanitarian convenience. Con-
sult free the only reliable physicians, DR. AND
MRS. DA VlE:s, 14 McA:lls:er st., next Hlbernla
Bank: hours, 9 a. m. 10 5 and 7 to 8 p. it.
A PROCESS THAT NEVER FAILS TO RE-
store every case -or monthly sickness from
whatever cause In a few hours when medicines
and others have failed; no instruments used:
many years' experience: every case guaranteed;
sdvice free; terms reasonable; flrst-class private
home for confinement. MRS. DR. DALEY, 1126
Market St., over the Owl Drugstore.
DR FOUI.KTS FRKNCH CAPSULES— A
guaranteed absolute curs for all female dis-
eases (no ma'.ter what cause): positively safe and
snre; no dang-r or after effects: taken in time I:
also acts as a preventive: price $1 50 per box:
sent free by mail on receipt ur price. WALLER
BROS.. 33 Grant aye.
TYK. AND MRS. WEGENER 626 EDDY ST.;
XJ private home with every comfort; seuarat-
rooms before and during confinement: all female
complaints skillfully treated; regular physician;
quick relief for tiavelers: best care; lerms moder-
ate; consultation tree: pills $2.  ;.;-
DR. AND MRS RAY — SPECIALISTS IN
female dis-ases: Irregularities restored with-
out fail; no instruments: safe and sure; private
home: Infallible pills; regular physician. 51 Fifth.
DRS. GOODWIN. SPECIALIST: LADIES
near or far, safe, quick cure guaranteed; any
disease or irregularities: best skill; free diagnosis;
low fees; self cure. 401 Van Ness aye.
ALPEAU'S FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TOLA-
dies with female troubles; nodauger; safe and
sure; $2 bOexpress C. O. D. ; don't delay until too
late. OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents, Oakland ;C.il.
AT THE PEOPLE. DOLLAR MEDICAL
Institute all cases treated and medicines fur-
nished for «1 ; call or write. 1029 V*, M rket sU,
bet. Sixth and Seventh, .-an l-'ranciscu, Cal.
<£* r-ll'tO paid for a case I fail to cure
s£)OUU of female complaints or diseases of the
eye; consultation free. MRS. DR. SCOTT ,4IO Geary
v prae:*.*. female regulating PILLS;
safe and efficient emmenacogue; $1 per box.
RICHARD*-) A. CO.,drug(-ists, 4 00 Clay si.,soleagU
ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
his museum, 1051 Market st. his 30 years
tuccessful practice is a guarantee of fair treatmen;.-
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mail.
ALICE FAY, MEDIUM AND MAGNETIC
healer: permanent. 123 seventh st., top flat.
KTURNED— EVA TOSTEK, MEDIUM AND
life-reader: satisfaction guaranteed. 181 4tb.
HOME a FRIEND and mothers care
MRS DR. FUNKE 1416 Eighth sU, Alameda
IF IRREGULAR Oil ANY FEMALE Dl-EASK
see MR-:. DR. PUEI Z and becontent. ZmsVAj 4th.
1 ac HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET. sham
if Jones. Diseases of women and child ret).
LEGAL NOTICES.
"V'OTiCE: TO CREDITORS— E STATE OFSOLE-
-1.1 DAD UND a UEhREJRa, alias deceased.
Notice is hereby given by the undersigned. A. C.
FRE:EsE, administrator of the estate of SOLE-
DAD UNDA HERRERA, alias deceas d, to the
creditors of, and all persons having claims against
the said deceased, to exhibit them, with the neces-
sary vouchers, within four months after the first
publication of this notice, to ihe said administra-
tor. at room 35, Chro lcle building, coruer ot
Geary and Kea ny s. reets, the same being his
place for the transaction of the business of the sa d
estate in lh- Cl.y and County of San Francisco.
State of Citilforuia.
- A. C. PREKSE, Administrator of tho Estate of
SOLEDAD UNDA HER HERA, alias deceased.
Dated at San Eranclsco, February 5. 1 1-97,
J. D. SULLIVAN, Attorney for Administrator.
"VTOTICETO CREDITORS— ESTATE OFF. W.
ll ST IN, deceased. Notice is hereby given by
the uiidersi.'iie.i, A. C. FREE:*SE administrator of
the es ate of F. W. STEIN, deceased, to the credi-
tors of nnd all p-Tsons having claims against tne
said deceased, to exhibit them wltn the necessary
vouchers, within lour months after the first publi-
cation of this notice, to the said administrator, at
rcom 35, Chronicle building, corner of Geary and
Kearny streets, the same being his place for. the
transaction of tbe business of said estate in tbe
City and County of San Francisco, State of Cali-
fornia. • . s —
A. C. E'RKESE, administrator of the estate of P.
W. STEIN, deceased.
: Dated at San Francisco.' February 5, 1897.
J. D. SULLIVAN, Attorney for Administrator.'
> H*U*flH****ti* B ßnn*tafl*a'a*dM*HM*ev-
■ CITY RE AL ESTATE.
C"i C. BE MIS, "™*~" ~~~ ~— — —v
/. REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
>'■;'■; 324 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR SALE.
Choice building lot on Army and 27th sta : doss
to electric road. ■ :
8450— San Carlos Villa lot: 100x150 feet.
$6700—50x127:6 feet on Jackson St.. overlook-
ins the Presidio add bay.
$1)000— 2 modem houses of 8 rooms each at
park; 'Jsxla7 :6 feet: electric roaa passes house*;
make offer.
irBsoo-Elei;ant JTW. corner of Cole and Carl sts.
*300— Choice building lots north of park.
Bar-tain— SW. cor. Fifth ay. and C st. : 109x95 ft.
A 1 INVESTMENT-NEW FIATS JUsT BE"-
- - -» ing completed on Fulton St.. near Lyon: ex-
amine them and be convinced: house open today.
DAN EINSTEIN, owner and builder, 630 Mar-
ket st.
Ct/lAnn FOR sale OR EXCHANGE
tZfxUUU . New cottage on 23d aye. East Oak-
land; 6 rooms and bath: high basement; brick
foundation; bay windows*, lot S'-'xlOO.
G. H. UMBSEN A CO.,
14 Montgomery st.
* : COUNTRY REAL ESTATE .
SAN RAFAEL— TO LEASE, COTTAGE OF 7
_ rooms, bath, stable, fruit i rees, etc. reasonable
rent to good tenant. R J. TRUMBULL, 419 San-
some st.
Wanted- to exchange: OR sell A
'» ranch in Sonoma County for a city. Oakland
or Sausali o property. Apply 1318 Larkin St.
FOR SALE-SUGARPINE TIMBER LAND;
160 acres, at si 2 60; worth S2O per acre. Tim-
ber, box 93,- Call Oflice.
ffi>OKfin FRUIT RANCH NR VACAVILLE;
•;. —OUU. over 900 fruit trees; 500 bearing;
would take city lot (clear) for part payment. P. *->
box 159. Call Office.
FOR SALE— IS 7 ACRES NEAR LYTTON
Springs: fine mountain home; Sonoma County.
Appy 705 Tennessee st.
SEND FOR ILLUSTRATED PAMPHLET OF
California. land", for sale ov 11. FRANCIS,
rooms 69-71, Chronicle building, San E'raiiclsco.cal.
RANCH BAKGAIN: $5 PER ACRE; 1280
i acres timber; plenty water: excellent stock
ranch : best part of Kern Co. li., box 20, Call Oflice.
LITTLE HOMES CLOSE TO TOWN; IM-
proved; easy terms: also 4 to 12 acre pieces
on 8 and 1 . years' credit. D. H. TWING. So-
noma City; every Monday nt 632 Market St., 8. F.
SUBURBAN REAL ESTATE.
I LTA PUNTA TRACT; GEM OF THE BAY
-"A District; 425 acres: subdivided; 3 miles north
of Berkeie'. 8 from Oakland: 47 minute* from
Sau Franc.sco; lots 6OX-JOI - : from "fIOO to »200;
Installments: send lor a map. GEuRGE W.
lI A IG HT. 2*20 Sansome St.. S. F.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE~^oOB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND KEAL ESTATE.
BARGAINS IN BEAUTIFCE FRUITVALE.
$960— New cottage of 4 large rooms bard-fin-
ished: 2 close. s and pantry; 7-foot basement;
large chicken-bouse: fine well and pump; lot Six
108; fenced.
ffij 1 000 M UST BE SOLD; HOUSE OF 5
<*"" 1 UUU. rooms and bath: lot 50x136; $100
cash, balance to suit purshaser.
ill; I 9Kfi MODERN COTTAGE: OF 6 ROOMS
*C I—OU. and bath: fine mantel; high base-
ment: lot 50x148; fenced: only 1 block from E'ruit-
vale avenue; terms If d'-sir d.
ClC|)n NKW COTTAGE OF 6 ROOMS
«£■- 1 UUU. and bath; mantel: basement and
attic: barn*, chicken-house; lot 35x125: sewerage
and cement sidewalks complete. H. A. PLEIT-
NE:it, E'ruitvale Station.
OUR OWN 5-ROOM COTTAGE (MODERN)
and lot for 8=950, payment-* to suit: fine lot for
$75, *.) cash, $5 monihly. adjoining East Oakland.
409 Ninth st., Oaklaud. H. Z. JONES, Owner.
t. """""ZZ
Aslloo-5-ROOM COTTAGE AND LOT 30x
a\. L-0, situate on Campbell su: ease terms; or
won d trade for Los Angeles property. WM. J.
DINGER, 160 Elunth st., Oakland.
(» "7 - TO *150 FOR CHOICE BUILDING
tjp • O lots In the town of Fitchburg; a new sta-
tion established near Oakland, on the Haywards
and San Leaudro local line, by the southern Pacific
Company; only 45 minutes from San Francisco
and 6 minutes from Oakland: electric-cars every
ew minutes; terms 10 suit buyers. Apply to
C: M. It UN ELE. owner, vls",i WaaUiUL'tou sl,
Oakland Cat
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
ATTENTION, BICYCLERS!
A fine opportunity Is offered at Fruitvale sta-
tion to open a bicyc. e repair. tig shop: ani* number
of .*-a i E'rancisco people arrive here half-houri v.
no opposition. Also a fine store to rent on Fruit-
vale ay- nue, near station, for a noti m, hardware
or paperhanglng business: no competition ye ,
and suitable for people tired of city life and trying
10 restore tbeir health in the couutrv. For fur-
lh»-r information apply to H. A. PLEITNER,
E'rultva c sta lon. =?,,*•.
OAKLAND ROOMS TO LET.
-7*7-1 FIFTH, COR MARKET— SUNN V. FUR-
-4 • I nished for housekeeping*; or single-, cheap.
ALAMEDA AIiVEiIIMMENTi
AT.AMF.DA 1.i.1!i FSTAT"?,,
&X A FRONT FOOT: A SPECULATION: 800
t^O feet of frontage; will make 20 2. --foot lots;
adjoining p operty held at %\'i a fton' foot: must
be sold: 3 bocks from Bay station, Alameda W.
B. ETTCH. Buy stat on. \ia-11eda or GAMAN &
LYON, 215 Kearny st., San Francisco.
<*-*OJ A FRONT FOOT; 100x150; STREET
'"? —tt work all done: on a main avenue: 2 blocks
from Willow-street station. W. RFircH, Bay
Station, Alameda, or GaMAN LYON, 215 Kearny
st, San Francisco.
ARGAI.N-25 ACRE** - CHOICE FRUIT. HAY,
grain, winter vrgetables, $25 acre; 83 acres rich
soL!, 4 flowinirspr'cs, $35 *.■ re, all fenced, nr. Pleas-
anton, Alameda Co. Call, write 69 Columbian bldg.
. ARGAINS-S3O PERFOOT;LOTS ON NORTH
'■ ' aide San Antonio aye., near Grand st.
81250—50x150; --an Jose aye., nr. Willow st.
$1750—60x150. new modern house, 6 rooms
.-.nd bath: norm side of street; must be sold at
once.
Many other sacrifices.
ALAMEDA LAND CO..
1500 Park st.. Alameda.
alameda HOUSES TO let.
Fine: 2-STORY house:, RECENTLY RENO-
va.-d: 9 rooms. 2025 San Jose aye., Alameda.
Get off at Cliesinut-su station. Apply by letter to
W. A. KEIE:Fe:r, room 67, 14 Grant aye., S. F.
'
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
NEW 5-ROOM COTTAGE: MANTEL, BATH,
Ll uautry, laundry, hot aud cold water, stable,
chicken-house; fenced: sewered; 2 blocks from
station: lot 40x100: $1600. W. C. MORaN,
Lorin. or F. Bin- OLE. Golden Gate.
BERKELEY BO USES
LURNISHED 8-ROOM nOUSE COMPLETE,
r bath, gas, laundry; near 3 car lines. MUS. S.
J. I- GALL*?, 2122 Bancroft way. Berkeley.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Th" following marriage licenses . hava beer
issued by the county Clerk's office:
S. S. Bartholomew and Josephine Simas 2 '—13.
John B. Kowen aud Annie R. Yo-.inn, 24— 25.
Q|i - rank Johnson and Hulda Swanso:i, 35— 3d.
J. ii. McCioskey and Annie M. Powers. 39-29.
Carl A. Carlson and Bessie Sandberg. 23 -7.
H. Johanson anl Hllde;ard Rundoerz. 30 -18.
Hypollte Bier and Minnie Oannenbaum, 32—23
Godfrey Birt<ch and Helens HelkowsKl, :-u- 26.
rßlrth, marriage aud death notices sen* by mall
will not be Inserted. They must be handed In a
either of the cation offices aui be Indorse I
with the name and residence of persons authorise!
10 have toe same published, ' ...
BORN.
GABRIEL— In this city. February 7, 1897, to the
wife of Jul'us Gaor el. a daughter.
i KET 11 ER— ln this city. February 12, 1897, to
the wife of E. T. Gretber, a son.
KLE'.e:— February 12,1897, to the wife of Lools
Klee, a daughter.-
MARRIED. .-
BIRTSCH-REIKOW SKI— In this clty.E'ebrnarv
11, 189". by the R-v. J. Fueudellng, Godfrey
Blrtsch and Helena Ret vows'* 1.
BAT— LUBBOCK- In San Rafael, Febru-
ary 8, 1897, Henry Colombat and Lottie Lub-
bock, both of San Francisco. .'3*j3si
DOUGLASS— ADAMS— In this city, February 10
1897, by the Rev. Dr. E. it. "Dille, Leon F.
Douglass of Chicago and Victoria Adams of San
E'rancisco. . - ,v
KMMEKSON— BENNETT-In this city. E'ebruary
10, .89*. by the Rev. K. M. Fou'.e of Grace
< hurch. John .-.mmerson of San E'rau-Jsco and
Nettle Bennett of Toronto.. Canada.
ITschEK-gkundWaLD— ln this city. Febru-
ary 12, 1897. by the Rev. Dr. Dille, Julius L.
Fischer and ■ Martha Grundwald, both of San
Fraucisco. r ~.< : .;.....
HOLST-JENSEN— In this city. February 10,
1897, hy me Rev. J. Fuendeiing, John Hols: and
Dura Jensen.
Xt RKII-^-ELINER— this city, February 11,
1897, by the Rev. J. E'uendeilng, Joseph J.
, Ronrer and Louisa Seiiner.
WILLIAMS— In this ciiy. February
1
10.1897, by the Rev. J. Fuendelins, David J.
W Ullams and Mrs. Annie Di - an.
DIED.
Ayheni, Eugene Lagan, Patrick
Beer, John F. ; Met arthy, Dennis
Hot 2 bach, Kate McQuoid. Josepa A,
Campoell, Mrs. M. K. Maher. Edward J.
Carson, Wii.iam Mills, Mrs. M. L
Daly. Elilen Nelson, G. A.
Fleming, Donald O'Neil Edlea
Fo ger. Captain &M. Qulnlan. Johu
Ford, Edwin C. - Rae. Phyllis A. H.
Forsythe, Samuel Rowe, Joseph
Gordon, Joseph spooner - Olivine A.
Habermeahl. Mrs. M. Siangroom, Robert .
Hylaua, Andre -v j. Thompson, Johu S.
Wille, Theodore
AYHENS— m this cliv, F'ebrnarv 12, 1897, Eu-
gene, beloved son "of Paul J. and Eugeni>»
Ayhens, and brother of Paul, Alice, Alfred,
waiter. Chester and Leona Ayhens. a native of
San E'rancisco, aged 2 2 years 6 montns and 12
days.
Friends and acquaintances ore respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral .-MORROW
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from nls late
residence, Sixteenth avenue,- between I" an l Q
streets, south San Eranclsco, thence to Memo-
rial Presbyterian Church. Eighteenth avenue,
for services Interment Mason c Cemetery.
BEER— in -hi. city, February 12, 1897, John
F'ran v, beloved son of John and Natiua Beer,
ana brother of Natiua Beer, a native of San
E'rancisco, aired 9 months and 4 days.
BOTZBACH-In Ihis city, February 12, 1897.
Kate Botznach (nee Floyd), beloved wife of
Henry C. Botzbacu, a native Of Ireland.
tto'Friouds aud acquaintances are' respect-
fully nvi.ed to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunaay), at 9 o'clock a. it., from her late resi-
dence. 7i2 Div siou street, between Folsom and
Harrison, Sixteenth and Seventeenth, thence to
the Church of St. Charles Borromeo. Eighteenth
and Shotwell streets, where a requiem high
mass wiii be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock a. a. Inter-
ment Holy Crosi Cemetery.
CAMPBEILL— in the Willows, near San Jose. -
E'ebruary 8. 1897, Mrs. Mary X.. beloved wife of
John A. Campbell, devoted mother of Mrs. Gen-
evieve Hustierof Courtland, Sacramento County,
and Carrie M. and Elfa J. Campbell, and beloved
- sister of Mrs. Martha D. Bailey of Sacramento,
a native or Missouri.
CARSON— In this city, February IL 1897. Wil-
liam, beloved husband of Mary A. Carson, anl
father of Robert E« Carson, a native of Balti-
more. Md., aged 67 years. [Baltimore (Md.)
paners please copy. J
fiyE'riends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the fuueial TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 8:. 0 o'clock a. m., at the under-
taking parlors of McGinn Bros.. 31 Eddy street,
thencs 10 st. Mary's Cathedral, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the reposa of
bis soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. it. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DAL y— ln this city. February 11. 1897, Ellen
Daly, a native of Ireland.
FLEMING— In this city, February 10. 1837. Don-
aid Fleming, a native of Napa, agea 24 years.
FORD— In this city. February 12, 1897. Edwin
Charles, belovel and only son of Charles H. and
Ida Ford, a native of Sau Francisco, aged 9 years
10 months ana 12 days.
ISS" Notice of funeral nsr3aft'>r.
FOLGER— In this city, February 12, 1897, Cap-
tain Shubel M Folger. father of Mrs. Thomas B.
Shannon, a native of Nantucket, aged 83 years.
FORSYTH'S— In this cltv, February 11. 1897.
fciamue:. husband of Helena Forsythe, and
father of Lilia E'orsylhe, a native of Ireland.
fl£S*The funeral will take place TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock i*. it., from the hall,
corner Sixteenth and Valencia sireets. under
the auspice* of Unity Lodge No. 131, L O. O. F.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
GORDON— In san Rafael. February 11, 1897,
Joseph Gordon, a native of Scotland, aged 81
years 11 months and 8 days. [Nova Scotia
papers please copy. J
S3"Friends and acaualntances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS HAY
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock p. it., from the First
Presbyterian Churc.-i, Sacramento slreet and
Van Ness avenue- interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery.
HABERMEAHL-Inthlsclty.Fooruary 12.1897.
Mrs. Maria Habermeah, a native of Germany,
aged 61 years 3 months and 11 days. (Napa
aud Ne.v YorK papers please copy. J . .
Jfc9"-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to a- tend the 'uneral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock a. k., from the par-
lors ot Theoaor Dierks, 957 Mission street.
Interment private.
HYLAND— In this city, February 12,1897, An-
drew John, infant son of James and Jennie
Il.v.aut!, aged 9 months and 1 day.
LAGAN— In this city. February 11, 1897. Patrick
La.an a native cf Ireland, aged 25 days.
«3~The funeral will tale ulaoe THIS DAY
(Saturday) from si. Charles Church. Eighteenth
and Shotwell streets, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9:: - 0 o'clock a. m. Inter-
ment private. Please omit flowers.
MCCARTHY— In this city. February 12. 1897,
Denis, beloved husband of the late Mary Ann
McCarthy, and father of Mrs. Thomas Murpny,
Mrs William F. Murray and Mrs. Fred Roberts,
a native of County Cor« , Ireland, aged 75 years-
jJfS-E'riends and acquaintances aro respect-
fully invited loatlend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m.. irom the resi-
dence 01 his daughter, Mrs. Thomas Murnhv,
610 rrer.i street, thence to Mission Dolores
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will Da
celebrated for th« repose of his soul, com-
' mencing at 9 o'clock a. it. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
McQUOID— In this city. February 12. 1897. Joseph
A., beloved husband of Hannah McQuoid, a na-
tive of New York, aged 80 years.
MAHER— In this city. E'euruary 12, 1897. Ed-
ward J., dearly beloved husband Of Mary A.
Maher, a native or St. John, New Brunswick,
aned 39 years. fSt. John (N. B.) papers please
coi-y I - .- -..
£J*~"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited toattend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock p. m.. at the par-
lors of Carew A English. 41 Van Ness aveuus.
near Market street. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
MILLS— In this city, February 12.1897, Mrs. M.
- 1. Mills, loving mother of L. A. Mills, a native of
North Carotin*, agel 71 years 3 months and 10
days.
MORRILL— In this city, Mary A. Morrill, beloved
mother of Mrs. C. A. Patterson and Mrs. B. E.
Furnas of Columbus, Ohio, and Mrs. Thomas
i.ray of Meredith, N. H., a native of New
Hampshire, aged 58 years and li months.
[New Hampshire papers pieass copy./
NELSON— this city. February 11, 1897, G. A.
Nelson, ana ive of New Yor<, aged 56 years.
A3~E'riends and acouaintances are reipa^t-
fully invited toat end the funeral TOMORROW
(Sunday), : at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the resi-
dence of J. P. McMan i, 1408 Sacramento street.
luterment L O. O. F. Cemetery.
O'NEUL— In this city. FeDruary 12.1897. Ellen,
beloved wife of Edward O'Neil, and mother of
Mrs. Mary Ecbeveria and Nellie and Eddie
O'Neil, a native of County Kerry. Ireland, aged
55 .»ar*.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
ful! v invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 10:15 o'clock a. if., from her late
residence, northeast corner Boyce street and St.
Rosea avenue, thencs to Holy Cross Church,
where a solemn requiem mass will be celebrate!
for the repose of her soul, commencing at 11
o'clock a. m. interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
QUINLAN— In this city, February 11,1897. John,
beloved husband of Ellen Quin an, and father of
Mrs. M. E. Elliott, Dennis, l luiothy, John and
Hi - late Robert Qulnlan, a uative of Ireiaud,
aged 55 years, [iaterson (N. J.) papers please
copy. I
£""rFriends and acouaintances are respect-
fully Invited toattend the funaral TO-MORROW
' (Sunday), at 1 :30 o'clock p. it., from his late
residence, 832 Mission street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church for services at 2 o'clock p. m.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
RAE— In this cltv. February 11, 1897. at 3252
Twenty- street, Phyllis A. 11.. beloved
daughter of James and Mary K. Bae, and sister
or Edwin J. and Raymond G. Rae. a native of
san E'rancisco, aged 5 years 8 months and 25
days.
AST-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
TO-MORROW (Sunday), at 10 o'clock a.m., at
the residence Of her parent-*, b252 Twenty- fifth
street, interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
ROWE— In this cltv, February 12, 1897, Joseph,
beloved son or Mr. and Mrs. Nathan A, Rowe,
a native of California, aged 7 years & months aiu
11 days.
SPOONER— In West Berkeley, February 11,
1897, Olivine A. Spoon-r. a native 01 California,
agel 1 7 years 7 munihj and 16 days.
STANGROOM— In this city. February 12, 1897,
Robert, beloved husband of Margaret Stang-
room. and father of Annie Stangroom, a native
of New York, aged 62 years.
jJSrThe funeral will take place TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from hli late
residence, 85 i.iibert street, off Brvaut. between
sjxt 1 and Seventh, thence to St. Rose's Church
for services Interment Holy Crass Cemetery.
THOMPSON— In this city, Febrnary 12, 1897,
John S., beloved husband of Elizabeth Thomp-
son, and father of John C, Lizzie and Joseph
Thompson. Mrs. T. J. Rourke and J. B. Gilmore,
a na ive of England, aged 67 years and 4 months.
AW Friends aud acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at : .s() o'clock a. at, from his late
residence. I'iO Free ion street, thence to St.
Rose's Church, where a solemn mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock a. H. interment Mount Calvary
cemetery. ■
WILLE-In san Rafael, February 11, 1897. Theo-
dore, beloved son of E'ranz Wiiie, and brother of
Mrs. C Schutten- and Mrs. B. Russell, a native
of California, aeed 25 years 6 ' months and 6
daya .
' MCAVOY A GALLAGHER^ JT
FUNERAL DIRECTORS 4 EMBALM KRS,|
- SO "TlftJi St., Opp. Lincoln School. 'j
, t-'.U?-..y. Telephone 3080. I
LAUREL HILL
CEMETERY ASSOCIATION
TS PREPARED TO CONTINUE THE SALE
A of burial p.ats and graves in its cemetery and
give deeds. - •
Perpetual care of lots will be arranged for at the
Superintendent's oflica at the cemetery, corner
Bush street and Central avenue. San Francisco. *
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY
SAN MATEO COUNTY: NEAREST C 8516
O J* 817 to the city; non-sectarlau; in noaeosaax.
elusive: location unexcelled. . Office »WV Zu
Street, souiheaai corns* ft' *>LXUm ~ - -
1314
CUBAN LIBRE
ADVANCES
Prominent Citizens Are
Willing to Aid Her
Cause.
MORE NAMES FOR THE
COMMITTEE.
Secretary Mascherini of the
Sympathizers Full of
Work.
MANY CALL ON HIM TO OFFER
AID.
Attorney Joseph Legg?tt Thinks That
the Government Should Recogniz*
the Insurgents at Once.
As the public grows more familiar with
the movement on foot in this City to as
sist the Cuban patriots in their struggle
for liberty its anxiety to aid in the cause
grows more manifest, and Secretary
Mascherini of the Cuban sympathizers is
deluged with letters and personal visits.
All of those who call on him make
offers of aid in some form or other.
Many desire to take up arms against the
Spaniards, others agree to give financial
aid when the proper time arrives, and all
are willing to serve the cause by acting
on the committee which Mayor Phelan is
about to appoint.
H. B. Masters, who is a well-known
member of a local Grand Army post, was
among yesterday's visitors, and the vet
eran soldier expressed himself as willing
to do anything from shouldering a musket
down.
The publication of the names of promi
nent citizens who have expressed willing
ness to serve on the committee has
brought many new volunteers, and a
number were accepted yesterday in addi
tion to those who were selected on Thurs
day. The list so far is as follows :
Ex-Mayor Adolph Sutro.
General Vf. H. L. Barnes.
Colonel W. C. Little.
William E. Bunker.
L. Li. Kilert.
.lame* H. Barry.
A. P. Van Duzer.
Fisher Ames.
H. E. Highton.
Charles 91. Shortridge.
William H. Mills.
Daniel A. McColgan.
A. Kuef.
J. E. Barry.
■*»*/. D. Crow.
General lid ward S. Salomon,
Ex-Judge E. K. Garber.
I. J. Truman.
H. B. Masters.
George H. Williams.
Frederick Staude.
Sheriff K. I. Whelan.
Justice of the Peace Groezinger*
Gavin McNabb.
Joseph Leggett.
George 1 . Gaden.
J. Frank Pierce.
Thomas Hubbard Caswell.
Charles L. Patten.
M. M. Willis.
The list will probably not be complete
for several days, as great care is being
taken in the selection of names, and only
those who are prominent and known to be
thoroughly in sympathy with the cause
will be appointed.
Immediately after the committee is ap
proved by Mayor Phelan, a mass-meeting
will be called and ways and means of giv
ing the Cubans moral support and finan
cial aid will be devised.
With the strong sentiment in favor of
the patriots that has already developed
and the example of seven hundred other
cities to emulate, the committee can
hardly fail to do much to aid the men who
are struggling to break the Spanish yoke.
That the committee will take hold of
the problem enthusiastically is shown by
their expressions in regard to the matter.
Joseph Leggett— l shall certainly be
glad to serve on the committee, and 1
hope that the ultimate result of our
labors— taken with those of committees
in other cities — result in material as
sistance to the patriots. It seems to
me strange that this Government has
so long remained inactive in the matter.
Previous administrations have needed
little urging to accord belligerent rights
to insurgents where there was even less
to show for their strength than have the
Cubans. The rights of the Greeks were
recognized in distant Europe, and yet
right here in Cuba, almost within the
shadow of this great republic, thousands
of men, women and children are being
butchered, a fair land laid waste, and yet
in spite of the fact that the Cubans have
shown by two years of an active and at
least partially successful struggle for
liberty that they have a military stand
ing and a just cause they are not
new to-day:
ECZEMA
Most Torturing, Disfiguring,
Humiliating
Of itching, burning, bleeding, scaly skin
and. scalp humors is instantly relieved
by a warm bath with Cuticuba Soap,
a single application of Cuticuba (oint-
ment), the great skin cure, and a full dose
of Ccticuba Resolvent, greatest of. blood
purifiers and humor cures.
(uticura
Remedies speedily, permanently, and
economically cure, when all else fails. .
Potteb Deoo axd Cniu. Coir.. Sole Prope., Boston.
SO-" How to Cure Every Skin and Blood Humor," tree.
PIMPLY FACES "^c^sgmJTga *
recognized as belligerents. They should
be recognized, and at once.
George T. Gaden — I am particularly
interested in this movement because 1
know that the Cuban cause is just. 1
have had extensive dealings with the
Spanish and 1 know the * conditions that
now exist in Cuba. It is an outrage that
the insurgents have not been accorded
belligerent rights, but 1 believe they will
be before long if not under the present
administration under the one that is soon
to come into power. I am more than
usually interested in the struggle of the
patriots from the fact that I know many
Americans who are serving in the insur
gent ranks. Quite a number of men
whom 1 knew as children in my old home
in the South have crossed to Cuba and
are fighting for what Americans love
most— liberty.
M. M. Willis— "Cuba Libre" is a cry
that should strike a sympathetic chord in
the heart of every American. THE CALL
has done a noble deed in giving such full
publicity to the efforts that are being made
in favor of the struggling Cubans, and 1
hope and trust that its efforts will be
crowned with success.
I. J. Truman — In favor of the Cubans ?
Certainly I am, and in favor of any people
who are struggling for liberty. May they
succeed, and soon.
Among the letters that were received
by Secretary Mascherini of the Cuban
Sympathizers yesterday were two that
were particularly interesting.
One was from an army veteran and
reads as follows :
"Liberty Post No. 1*53, Department of
California and Nevada, G. A. R., 715
Market Street.
"San Francisco, Cal., Feb. 11, 1897.
"Mr. Jones, President Cuban Sympa
thizers — Dear Sir: My sympathy is en
tirely with the struggle of the patriots of
Cuba, and I hope for their early success.
Yours, S. M. CARR, Adjutant/
The second was from J. D. Jacks of
Winters, Yolo County, and expressed the
hope of the writer that he might be per
mitted to assist the sympathizers in the
work of aiding Cuba.
WOULD FREE CUBA.
Republican Veterans Actively Open
th*- Municipal Campaign.
OAKLAND, Cal.. Feb. 12.— The city
campaign was opened last night by the
Republicans at the Army and Navy Re
publican League headquarters. A rous
ing meeting was held and old-time enthu
siasm was aroused, judge F. S. Adams
was selected to preside and opened the
meeting with a lively speech, after which
he excused himself on account of sickness
in his family. W. C. Barnes acted as
chairman for the balance of the meeting.
Among the city candidates present who
addressed the meeting were W. A. Dow,
R. W. Snow, A. R. Wilson, H. D. Talcott,
W. D. Heitman and F. S. Bodie.
The following resolution, presented by
Judge Adams, was by a rising vote unani
mously adopted:
"Be it resolved that the Army and Navy
Republican League of Oakland extends its
sympathy to the gallant patriots fighting
for free Cuba against an enemy so relent
less and cruel. May their every effort be
crowned with success until all enemies of
free Cuba be driven from that gem of the
seas and the star of free Cuba shall be
firmly established among the free nations
of the world."
Captain W. R. Thomas, candidate for
Mayor, being still confined to his bouse by
his recent illness, sent the following com
munication:
To the Officers and Members of the Army and
.Vary Republican League— Deak Comrades:
Three weeks ago this evening 1 was attacked
with the grip, and my physician states that it
will not be safe for me to tak-j any active part
in political campaign work for perhaps ten
days more. Having received the regular Re
publican nomination for the oflice of Mayor of
this fair city, and considering that a high
honor, and being now physically disabled
from taking any active part for a few days in
securing the success of the ticket, I urge upon
you of the "Old Guard" to stand firm, shoul
der to shoulder, and prove the old saying that
in union there is strength. While I do not
want to depreciate the merits of any of my
opponents, I want to say that If I am elected
Mayor I shall endeavor to give the people of
Oakland an honest and progressive adminis
tration, and I trust that in my enforced ab
sence you, my friends, will see that my in
terests are looked after, as well as those of the
entire ticket.
Communications were also received
from J. T. Gilpen, candidate for Treas
urer, and B. C. Cnvellier, candidate for
Conncilman-at-iarge. Daniel Bedell ren
dered some choice selections on the
piano, as well as few sores.
HENRY H. SHAW'S FUNERAL.
Burial of the Prominent Druggist and
1" ember of the G. A. R.
The body of Henry H. Shaw, the
prominent druggist who died recently, was
buried yesterday afternon from the family
residence. There were present, in addi
tion to his relatives, a large number of
prominent citizens, friends of the de
ceased, and a delegation from George H.
Thomas Post, Grand Army of the Repub
lic, of which Mr. Shaw was an honored
member.
Mr. Shaw derived great satisfaction dur
ing his last illness from the presence of
his mother, who is 82 years of aire and
who came out from her home at Provi
dence, EL 1., to spend the winter with
her son.
He was in excellent health when his
mother arrived, and she attended at his
bedside as much as her strength would
permit during the attack of herpes that
caused his death.
Mr. Shaw served during the Civil War
under the nine months call, and early in
life married a daughter of the late George
O. Whitney.
One of Mrs. Shaw's sisters married Wen
dell Easfon, another Charles H. Warner
and a third H. L. Williams of Los An
geles.
Started the Car Too Quickly.
Harry L. Chambers has brought suit by his
attorneys, Reddy, Campbell & Metson, against
the Market-street Railway Company for
$30,000 damages on account of injuries re
ceived on the 14th of last August by being
thrown from one of the company's cars. He
signaled for the gripman to stop, and while
he was in the act of stepping to the ground
the car was suddenly started, throwing him
violently to the ground and crippling him lor
life. riMttPSBBBI
Six More Divorce Suits.
Suits for divorce have been filed as follows:
Louisa N. Ryer against Christopher B. Ryer,
lor cruelly; Sarah Sullivan against William
Sullivan, for cruelty; Euphemie Crowe against
Charles Crowe, for cruelty; Mary Campbell
against Duncan Campbell, for desertion;
Grace Harrington against John Harrington,
for failure to provide; Dora Donahue against
Patrick Donahue, lor cruelty.
Divorces ("ranted.
Divorces have been granted as follows: Alice
Meyers from Emil Movers, for desertion : Jonas
J. Mayer from Mary E. Mayer, for cruelty;
Alice E. Hepburn from Rufus I. Hepburn, for
failure to provide.
Briefs and transcripts printed reasonably;
rapid and reliable. My sell- Rollins, 22 Clay. <*
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1897.
FROM A BROKEN
LADDER TO DEATH
Two Journeymen Painters
Meet With a Frightful
Accident.
Broken Bones and Torn Tendons
From Only a Twenty-
Foot Fall.
Edward J Maher Is the Third Man
to Die in This Manner Within
a Very Few Weeks.
Edward J. Maher, a painter, lies dead at
the Morgue, and J. Stormon, his fellow
workman, lies in the City Receiving Hos
pital a very much bruised man. '
The two men were engaged in painting
a two-story frame house at Central ave
nue and Hayes street, yesterday morning,
and they had strung their ladder platform
banging from stout ropes and pulleys on
either end.
They were but twenty feet above the j
Scene Where J. Stormon ani Ed J. Maher, T*vo Painters, FeU
From a Broken Ladder While They Were at Work.
Maher Died Shortly After the Accident and His Comrade
Is Not Expected to Survive.
pavement when the ladder snapped in
twain and the two workmen were precipi
tated to the unyielding flooring.
Stormon appeared to be the more in
jured one of the two when picked up by
the crowd that gathered about the scene of
the accident. Both legs were broken and
his skull was fractured. Maher, his com
panion, had suffered a fracture of the left
leg, but his general appearance indicated
that internal injuries had been sustained.
The City Receiving Hospital ambulance
was called into requisition and the two
parents were tenderly cared for.
Late in the afternoon Maher died from
the effects of his injuries and Stormon
was very low.
The two painters had taken a private
contract to paint a shanty recently aban
doned by a Chinaman who was conduct
ing a laundry on the premises.
This is the second accident of tbe kind
that bas happened within tho past two
weeks. At the former one, on Stevenson
street, near First, where two painters were
at work on a building occupied as a
Chinese sboeshop, the ladder on which
tbe workmen stood broke in two and pre
cipitated tbem to the pavement. Both
died from the effects of their injuries.
THE TWO EXPOSITIONS.
State Board of Trade Moving to Have
Exhibits at Hamburg and
Guatemala.
The State Board of Trade is evidently in
earnest in the matter of securing a display
of California products at both the Guate
mala and the Hamburg exhibitions. The
Board of Supervisors is willing to assist by
appropriating money. The question con
cerning the powers of the board under the
existing conditions goes back to the de
cision of the Supreme Court on the City
and Connty government for one point.
There are various points. Yesterday aft
ernoon a delegation from the State Board
of Trade, consisting of Messrs. Filcher,
Haight and LUicmhal, visited Auditor
Broderlck at the New City Hall and con
ferred with him. The Auditor expressed
himself desirous of helping the move
ment looking to a San Francisco exhibit
at both places as far as possible. The dele
gates then went off to confer with City
and County Attorney Creswell. Next
Friday forenoon the matter will come up
at a meeting of the Finance Committee of
the Board of Supervisors, when represen
tatives of the State Board of Trade will be
present.
STATE PLORAL SOCIETY.
Professor Kellogg lactams on the Gar-
den I' sects in Winter.
The regular monthly meeting of the
directors of the California State Floral
Society was held in the annex of the
Maple room at the Palace Hotel yesterday
afternoon. There was a large attendance
of ladies present. Professor E. J. Wick
son of the State University presided,
Emory .E. Smith acted as secretary and
there was a full meeting ot the directors.'
The chairman announced the following
committee on floral exhibition: Professor
Emory E. Smith. Mrs. George C. Ross,
Mrs. L. O. Hodgkins. John Hinckel and
Mrs. C. D. Baldwin.
Secretary Smitn stated that in an inter
view with the managers of the Golden
Gate Carnival he was assured that every
facility would be afforded the society for
the exhibition of its floral show by allot
ting it sufficient space in tbe Pavilion dur
ing the carnival week, and that aii the ex
pense would be borne by the committee. •
On this representation it was decided to
make the exhibition free to the public, un
less the attendance became so great as to
crowd the building to an inconvenience,
ln that case a nominal entrance fee would
be charged.
By invitation from the society Professor
V. L. Kellogg delivered a very interesting
half-hour lecture on "Garden Insects in
Winter," in which he traced the existence
of the little creatures wnich destroy thou
sands of dollars' worth of plants during
their ephemeral lives.
He classed the lady- bug as being a bene
ficial insect to the gardener and orchardist.
NEW SHIPPING LIST.
Vessels Owned on the Pacific Coast on
the First of the Year.
The 1897 complete list of vessels docu
mented at San Francisco, Piiget Sound
ports, Astoria, Portland, Eureka, Wil
mington and San Diego custom-bouses,
has been issued by the Commercial Pub
lishing Company for the use of shipping
men.
The list shows that during tbe past year
ships aggregating; 39,291.60 tons have been
removed, and vessels aggregating 21,529.38
tons added, a net loss of 17,762.22 tons.
The San Francisco data in the list was
compil d by J. D. Callahan of the pilot
office, while the information irom all of
the outside ports was gathered and ar
ranged by Edward Wade, the veteran
marine reporter of the Commercial News.
NO BALM FOR MRS. SYKES
But W. H. Arne Is Awarded
the Sum of $100 Dam
ages.
The Supreme Court Voices Its Dis
approval of "Frivolous and
Annoying" Cases.
The Supreme Court has enforced the
penalty for a "frivolous and annoying"
suit
Not only did Mrs. Flora Sykes lose her
suit against W. H. Arne, on Appeal from
Los Angeles County, but she must put up
$100 damages awarded by the court to
Arne.
Arne, who is a resident of Santa Barbara,
in 1894 issued a number of notes to Mrs.
Syke**, aggregating $675, and gave her as
security a mortgage on certain real estate.
The first was for $100 and fell due January
1, 1895. He paid $80 on it and was granted
ten days' grace in which to pay the re
mainder.
At the expiration of that time he offered
the money to her agent, but the latter re
fused to receive it, claiming the mortgage
provided that the entire debt must be
liquidated. Arne was unable to do this
and suit in foreclosure was begun. Mrs.
Bykes secured judgment for $21, the
amount due on the note in question.
This failed to satisfy the yearnings of
her spirit and she appealed the case to
the Supreme Court In deciding the case
Justice Van Fleet says:
The case would seem to indicate a disposi
tion on the part of Mrs. Sykes to vex and an
noy the defendant, -as the evidence clearly
shows that the defendant was ready and
anxiously desirous of meeting this obligation
before the bringing of the action. We think
that such litigation should be discouraged.
The court proved that it meant what it
said by awarding Mrs. Sykes only the $21
granted by the lower court, and to Arne
$100 damages, to show that there is still a
halm in Gilead for those "vexed and an
noyed." "V '"
To-Day's Town Talk.
A brightly written table of contents is found
in to-day's Town Talk, teeming with caustic
comment, art, musical, dramatic and literary
criticisms penned impartially, witty refer
ences to happenings of local Importance,
grave discussions of abstruse National sub
jects; and the recent events which concern
the fashionable and business world. Read
Town Talk. It is a clean and clever weekly. *■
Obstructing a Street.
The Pacific Lumber Company, "the Union
Lumber Company and the R. K. Wood Lumber
Company have complained to the Board of
Supervisors that V. Nerlo has built a house on
the west side of Sixth street, occupying a space
of about 25x70 feet in the center of Hooper
street, and obstructing both Hooper and Sixth
streets, and asking that the obstruction be
removed.
Jewklbt store. & and 7 Third street, removed to
303 Kearny street. ■ -
FRED L. WAGNER
HAS A NEW JOB
The Ex- Supervisor Now on
the Almshouse Pay
roll.
He Wears the Imposing Title of
Inspector of Dependent
Poor.
Much Mystery About the Affair ani
the Inspector Is Still Running
His Saloon.
Ex-Supervisor Edward L. Wagner of the
Twelfth Ward and of the "Solid Seven"
fame has a new job. It came to him
about a week ago, but neither he nor his
employers made any mention of it.
Although still conducting a saloon
Wagner is one of the employes of the
Board of Health. His official title is In
spector of Dependent Poor. The salary
that goes with the inspectorship is an even
$ICO a month and the work is easy. At
least that is the way it looks just at pres
ent, for the inspector spends most of his
time from 9 to 5 o'clock running his liquor
business.
The position of inspector of dependent
poor is of recent origin. It had its birth
shortly after Superintendent Reddy went
into power— about four months ago. The
duties of this officer with tbe imposing
title is to sort out the inmates, so to speak.
The institution is overcrowded, so Super
intendent Reddy thinks, and after taking
office he claims that he made the discov
ery that there were many people in this
house a3 charity patients that had rela
tives who were able to and did partially
support them.
Again Reddy declares that many of the
inmates were improperly a charge on San
Francisco, their places being in some poor
house in other counties. Redly decided
to sort out his flock and classify them on
this system, and so the position of in
spector of dependent poor followed.
The plnce went first to John Boyle, on
October 20 last. Boyle was a pensioner
for years, being at one time secretary for
ex-Superintendent Weaver. The job of
inspecting was easy, but Reddy says even
with this advantage Boyle could not rise
to it.
A few days ago the old attache received
his cue tbat the toga of tne inspector of
dependent poor had been removed from
his shoulders. Boyle was very much sur
prised, but was obliged to submit to the
inevitable.
Wagner was appointed his successor,
but the event was not heralded with any
ringing of bells, Wagner even kept his
good luck very closely to himself. The
secret was locked up in the Board of
Health. Dr. Williamson is not aware
that tbe ex-Supervisor is on his payrolls.
It is rumored that Wagner owes his
new job to his good graces with Dr.
Morse, but this member of the board re
fuses to sponsor for the new Inspector.
Ail Superintendent Reddy knows is that
Wagner really is the successor to Boyle,
and there the story stops. Everybody
concerned seems satisfied. The work is
light, as thus far the Inspector of De
pendent Poor still spends his business
hours catering to the wants of his cus
tomers.
ESCAPED THE HATCHETMEff.
Tong Bow Gambled and Then Took
His Own Life.
Tong Bow, a Chinese cook, committed
suicide by banging himself in a little
room in the rear of 21 Sullivan alley last
evening. The wife of the proprietor of
the house, Quong Kee, discovered the
body. It was removed to the Morgue.
Reverses at the gaming table prompted
Tons Bow r to end his life. A few days
ago hp obtained a position as cook from
the Alaska Canning Company, and was
to go north in a few days.
He drew $25 in advance, but his new
found wealth proved his downfall. He
went to gambling and in a short time was
minus the money he hod drawn. Fearful
that. his loss should cause his arrest he
tried to borrow money enough to pay his
fare to Alaska, but failing ended his
trouble by killing himself.
Trebelli Thin Afternoon.
Mile. Antoinette Trebelli will give her sec- 1
ond concert at the California Theater this aft
ernoon, when she will be assisted by Herr
Weiss, the celebrated 'cellist from Buda-
Pesih, and other well-known talent. The fol
lowing is the new programme, which is charm
ing in the extreme, as it Introduces a number
of novelties. Mile. TrebeUi will, by special
request, repeat three of the numbers which
were on tbe programme at her last concert:
Violoncello solo, "Grand "Polonaise dv Con
cert" Popper
Herr Arthur Weiss-
Grand arena and aria from "La Traviata,"
"Ah: Furs e Lui"... Verdi
Mile. TrebeUi.
Melodle, "Plaislr d'Amour" Martini
Mons. Loui Crepaux.
(a) Romanza, "Pena d'Amour" Mascagni
(6) Lied, "Good Morning" Grieg
Mile. Trebelli.
Pong Mons. Lou! Crepaux
Air de l'lnfante from "Le Cld." "Alleluia"
• — ■• •-• Massenet
Mile, Trebelli.
Violoncello solo
(a.) -Simple Aveu" Thome
■">) '•PaplUlon" Poppes
Herr Arthur Weiss.
Vilanelle "Eva, dell' Aqua"
Mile. Trebelli
Melodle, "Plus Blanche est Mon Amour"
* ;—••"•••• Ch * v*u * Hess
Mons. Loui Crepaux.
"Song of Sunshine" Goring Thorn a
Mile. Trebelli.
There is no cure for color-blindness.
"•""EW TO-DAT."
FIRE! ~~~
SMOKE!
WATER!
UNDERWRITERS' FORCED
SALE of the Entire Stock of
LADIES', MISSES* and CHIL-
DREN'S JACKETS, SUITS, FURS,
WAISTS, MACKINTOSHES, UN-
DERSKIRTS, etc., of
LOEWENTHAL'S
Cloak and Suit House,
914 Market Street.
Sale commences Wednesday,
February 10, 1897, at 9:30 A. M.
NEW TO-DAT-DRY GOODS.
£ %t^*^ INCORPORATED * 3
1 037-945 Market Street, 1
|= FRISCO'S BUSIEST STORE. 3
£= $*$•**-•s*-• -^
ISPECIALSI
1 FOR TO-DAY! |
§E WE CLOSE EVERY SATURDAY NIGHT AT SIX O'CLOCK* 3
E I TURKISH I ££ ce y at JL? MESH | -JSSSSW i
E TOWELS. I S»\?e:. c to e be VEILING. § J^r'fe 3
fc *on special _© or navy. We -«■»
3Z ®®®®®®®®®®®@® sale to-day; ®®®S>®®®®®®<£Xs)® had this on """"J
*•"»- full 20x46 sale Jan * 23, —•»
ZZ inches; as absorbent as the desert and it drew crowds. Another lot * """"•
■£■• sands. Special— to-day— ;-••"»
£ 9 C EACH V YARD
SI 5 " ® : 13
£*: TPfK ® Our 25c line I/|n <!•> A Genuine *-^
5-- 1 L«wlV (.-, 0 f Gents' IV II/ @ French Kid -mm
S"~- TfCC (Si Teck Ties /"• I ftVP? <•' Glove (not. -^ -
J"""""" lit*-'* (-a (also suit- VIUUYIjJ. g calf's skin), J 3, M
m *T~ (•) able for new ''.-?'."*- ® to be on "**s
»— ®®®®®®(^<^®®® women), to ®SXsXg®(aXs)®®®®®® special sale -mm ,
*}f~ be turned - .ii to-day; —
j^. over to the bargain table for one black, tans or modes; 4 large but- -mm
m X" day. Our two-bit line is a popular tons; fitted and guaranteed. To- """"2
*■*■»- one, so come early. To-day — day as a special— -mm
I fl*/-* fiQr- 1
\W~Z ■ +sW EACH %# smW \m§ PAIR r^
I OUR VEILING OUR GLOVE I
| DEPARTMENT. DEPARTMENT. |
fc Veilings and Laces bought of i Presided over by expert fitters, i~s\
ZZ the maker direct. hxclusive stocked by professional glove IS
sW-^ styles, novelty designs. Our buyers from the factory direct, =5
fe= Veiling buyer is now in the East, our Glove Department has =JS
ZZ He writes of great purchases and doubled its business within a "^g
jt": wonderfully novel creations, year. Gloves over $1 guaran- r-""5
fc Watch our Veiling counters for teed, fitted and cleaned or re- -"-"g
j^_ novelties. paired free of charge. Gloves Z2
ZZ ciltimTv7c i f\f> not purchased here cleaned by a=s
m\B oil DAY o ADS. new process for 5C a p alr -
•"»*— A great announcement to- ZS
•m- morrow. Look for it. Wonder- Our celebrated $1.90 Gent's "-""3
•s-2 ful selling to take place here Glove is the most satisfactory =3
jj^- next week. j glove in the city. ZZ2
1 ■ I.*—^^— — —
THE SDjNDJIY CALL
Uls-^ife^. it
The Great Family Newspaper
of the Pacific Coast
A GIANT EYE OF SCIENCE
How Photography May A Remarkable Article
Solve a Problem of the on the Primal Inhabi-
Century. tants of the Golden West
Three Splendid Stories of the California Mines.
And a Multitude of Other Excellent Features. ,
"THE CALL" SPEAKS FOR ALL