VOLUME LXXXJ.-NO. 90.
ALARMING
RUMORS IN
CIRCULATION
They Show That the Vexed
'.'•'• European Situation Is
■".".• . Very Grave.
RUSSIA'S STRONG STAND
AS TO GREECE.
.. If Hostilities Break Out the
■ Forces of the Czar Will Oc-
J . cupy Armenia.
SHARP FIGHTING RENEWED IN
TROUBLED CRETE.
One Hundred Moslems Killed During
the Progresi of a Battle
'•• . M.ar Retimo.
••■ '. LONDON, Esq., Feb. 27.— The Observer
will to-morrow publish a dispatch from
Paris saying that alarming rumors are in
■ . -circulation thire. If these rumors are
true they show that the situation is ex
tremely grave. Two of :he rumors re
ceive consideration. One of them con
cerns Rus-ia's attitude toward the policy
of Gre&ce— an attitude which apparently
..'nothing will mitigate. The other is to
. . the effect that the dragoman attached to
. , • the Russian Embassy at Constantinople
• has notified the Porte that Russia will
occupy Armenia if hostilities break out.
/. ." • The Sunday Sun has a d^catch from
.'• ' Athens saying that 100 Moslems were
■ -'• 'killed in a battle that occurred yesterday
near Retimo. The dispatch adds that
•. --the Moslem* retreated, leaving the Chris
• '." tians masters of the field.
: .i ' • CANEA, Crete. Feb. 27— A sharp fight
took place yesterday between Moslems
and Christians near Retimo. The Mos
• . 'Jems were repulsed with small loss.
. '. ' ATHENS, Greece, Feb. 27.— 1n view of
t the iact that the Chamber ha9 not been in
V session for some days past th<? leaders of
■J the opposition met to-day and signed a
protest, which was presented to the King.
The protest declares that the crown is en
... titled to act alone in such cabes as the
present, and if it does not the opposition
; -' cannot beanswerabie for the situation.
GREEKS IN FAVOR OF WAR.
They Would Uphold the Cretan Policy
Jtegnrttle** of tilt*.
ATHENS, Greece, Feb. 27.— The feeling
• among the people of Greece is almost
'unanimous in favor of enforcing the
• '.-Cretan policy without regard to conse
..- ' quences. They are enthusiastically in
favor of war if that should prove necessary.
• The Government authorities announce
emphatically that despite the action of
• •" the powers there will be no withdrawal
■- . ; -Jrom Crete.
.-.'.' The news that Turkey is hurrying men
•. "and war supplies to the frontier, instead
■ '••. o/ alarming the Greeks, lias merely whet
'• ted their appetites.
• • ' More of the reserves have been called
•/ jout and Crown Prince Constantino will
"'* .- soon go to the frontier. Thousands of
volunteers have offered their services and
.everywere there is the greatest enthusi
• ' asm.
.... ': CANEA, Cbete, Feb. 27.— The Greek
steamer. Theseus has been seized by a
..British torpedo-boat .belonging to the
"' united fleet while attempting to land pro
• .•yisrons and munitions of war for Greek
"•.'troops at Platania. Three members of
•....the Greek, Chamber of Deputies were on
- board the captured vessel.
PARIS, Fbakce, Feb. 27.— Figaro
•.'.. assorts that King George of Greece in
• tends to abdicate the throne in favor of
: '••" his eldest sun, the Crown Prince Constan
'.-. / tine.
.' I LONDON, Esq., Feb. 27.— Members of
■■the Ministry were hastily summoned to a
• V abinet council at noou to-day. The
,-. # . council sat for two hours, Lord Salisbury
.• ; presiding. It is believed the subject con-
; .V. .. aidered is the war situation in Crete.
POLICY OF COERCION.
Jtvtiia Trying to Fore* th« Greek* Out
of Crete.
. BERLIN, Germany, Feb. 27.— The news
•"agency 'dispatch from St. Petersburg pub
: lished in the London and Continental
. newspapers yesterday purporting to de
scribe Russia's attitude on the Cretan
question and asserting that the Russian
Government had demanded Greece to re
• ■•call her troops wit;. in three days, is on
.•■"pood authority, though its publication
has' been belated. A similar proposal is
' .sued by the St. Petersburg Government
. reached the Foreign Office of Germany
and other powers early in the week and it
is now said upon unquestioned authority
*■ that it met with remonstrances from .Eng
land, France and Italy, but was assented
. 'to by Germany and Austria.
This proposal of Russian diplomacy and
the real importance of the communica
tion lies in the fact that Russia is de
termined upon a policy of speedy and de
• cisive coercion of Greece by force of arms
and that the northern empire is ready to
' apply such measures with or without the
co-operation of the other powers. The act-
J"aJ state of the case is that Russia agreed
■to delay action for three days only upon
/the strength of representations from the
British and French Governments that
time ought to be accorded to the Greek
Government in which to consider its posi
tion. The impetuous initiative taken by
■ Russia has certainly accelerated the pov
ers which are now turning mainly toward
i procedure of coercion. \
Official advices which have been received
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
from Athens have caused the conviction
that the fleets of the powers must make
their anpearance in the Fiseus before the
King of the Hellenes will yield to the
will of the concerted Governments and
that his submission will certainly be ac
companied by the resiguation of the
Greek Cabinet and probably by the abdi
cation of the Greek monarch.
A semi-official article in the Pesther
Lloyd conveys the idea that the Austro-
Hungarian Government, though now lol
lowin;? the lead of Russia ana Germany, is
very much averso to Russia's style of initi
ative as affirming her right to be regarded
as the paramount power in the Balkans.
In official circles in Germany, however,
Russia's haste in the matter is attributed
to the movements which have been made
by Servia and Bulgaria toward an offen
sive alliance against Turkey.
King Alexander of Servia will start
from Belgrade to Sofia to-morrow to con
fer with Prince Ferdinand of Bulgaria
upon the situation and according to a dis
patch published in the Frankfort Gazette
the Governments of Bulgaria and Servia
have demanded from the Porte an explan
ation of the massing of the Turkish troopa
on the frontier of those States.
The recall of M. Rangabe, the Greek
Minister to Germany, is imminent. Not
only is his own Government dissatisfied
with the way in which he had conducted
the negotiations entrusted to him, but he
has offended the Kaiser by his imprudent
expressions in newspaper interviews in
which he has strongly criticized the per
sonal interference of the Emperor between
the German Ministers and the diplomatic
representatives of foreign powers re
called, nnd it will be surprising indeed if
he is not.
CAUSED BY BONDHOLDERS.
Turkish Security Holder* Seem to Jiule
the finglifh Attitude.
LONDON, Eng., Feb. 27.— The proposals
for the settlement of the Cretan troubles
are widely commented upon by the news
papers throughout the country. The con
servative oigans as a rule find in them a
general solution of the difficulty, but
there is a divergence of opinion on the
part of the literal organs.
The Manchester Guardian, speaking in
behalf of the Liberals, says it has no ob
jection to the scheme for granting au
tonomy to the island, but it strongly
objects to the Greet troops being com
pelled to withdraw before the Turk-.
Sir William Vernon Harcourt, leader of
the Liberal party, and the Karl of Kim
berley, the leader of the Liberals in the
House of Lords, have decided to follow
this line when the debate on the Cretan
question takes place at the beginning of
next week.
The more advanced Liberals back Greece
in the attitude she has assumed. Tue
Right Hon. Arthur Dilke Acland, who
was a member of the last Liberal Cabiuet,
delivered a speech at Northampton last
night, in which he referred to the Cretan
trouble. Great Britain, be said, could not
redeem the past, but one step had been
taken which would redeem to some extent
the fair fame of Europe. The hour and
glory of this step belonged to Greece.
Complaint is made that Great Britain's
action is due to the sordid interests of
British holders of Turkish and Greek
bonds, and it is said the country is para
lyzed by the pawnbroking proclivities of
the bondholders.
A dispatch received from Athens last
night said the powers had not yet suc
ceeded in arriving at an agreement as to
the nature of the coercive methods to be
applied against Greece in the event of her
refusing to listen to the mandate of the
concert, nor as to the date for the applica
tion of the measures when they shall be
agreed upon.
HUNGARIANS ARE FOR GREECE.
Premier Bnnffu Outline* th« Situation
to State* men.
BUDA PESTH, BvnaAMX, Feb. 27.—
The Government was questioned to-day
in the Kepvistohaz, or House of Repre
sentatives, by Herr Kossuth, son of the
Hungarian patriot, regarding the attitule
of Austria-Hungary on the Cretan ques
tion. Herr Kossuth also desired to be in
formed as to wnetber in the event of
Greece refusing to accede to the demands
of the powers Austria-Hungary would
adopt forcible means to compel her.
In reply to the interpellation. Baron
Banffy, the Prime Minister, stated that
there was absolutely no foundation for
any fear that the empire would become
involved in war on account of Crete. He
declared that the only object of the
powers in intervening was to preserve the
peace of Europe, which was threatened by
Greece. The efforts of the powers were
solely directed to the restoration of order
in Crete. In conclusion, Baron Banffy
made the important statement that the
powers were unanimous in their deter
mination to permit Greece to annex Crete,
and force would be used, if necessary, to
compel Greece to comply with the de
mand made upon her.
TO CORNER THE WOOL MARKET.
Boston Speculators Expect to Profit by
the Anticipated Restoration of
the Tanff.
BOSTON, Mass., Feb. 27. -The Globe
says: One of the largest corners in wool
ever attempted in the United Htates at
present exists in the condition of the
Boston market in anticipation of the
restoration of a tariff or. wooi in the near
future by the McKiniey administration.
Thin morning it was learned on author
ity that a syndicate was recently formed
in this city to buy all the wool offered in
European markets in anticipation of a
duty of 10 per cent being put on wool by
the McKiniey administration.
The agents of the syndicate are buying
Australian and South American wool, and
from this time on every steamer coming
to Boston, not to apeak of special boats
to arrive, will be loaded with their cargo.
It is calculated that 1,000,000 bales of
Australian and South American wool will
be brought to this country by the syndi
cate within the given time.
The syndicate will clear $50,000, which
will come out of the pockets of the con
sumers later.
FIRST FLOOD FATALITY.
Cincinnati Warehouse Collapses, Bury
■ ing '■ Workmen. *■ -.*'.'"
CINCINNATI, Ohio, Feb. 27.— The first
fatality attending the high river occurred
at 4:15 o'clock this afternoon. Three
floors of the five-story stone-front ware
bouse on Front street, near Vine, owned
by Hinkle, Wilson & Kreia, wholesale
grocers, caved in.
The building is surrounded with several
feet of water. A oout 1000 barrels of sugar
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 28, 1897— THIRTY PAGES.
The above Bketch is a reproduction of the picture in black and white presented to the Press Club of San Francisco by the well-known marine artist, W. A. Coulter.
It illustrates a scenejhe witnessed years ago, when on his way from Buenos Ayres to Southampton, England. Off the coast of Portugal a vessel in distress was sighted. Her
mtzzenmast was gone, the main had broken away above the main yard, and only the stump of the foremast remained. Every sail had been blown away, but when they
sent a boat, out to the vessel, the captain refused to abandon her. 'We were keeping our last watch," said he, "and had you not hove in sight, we would have abandoned
the old craft But if you will loan us a sail or two and some provisions we can reach port." While the necessary articles were being procured, the main yard was fished and
the running gear got ready; and, after the sail was set, the last seen of tue vessel by those on the steamer, she was scudding away for Lisbon with half a gale of wind behind
her. Mr. Coulter never forgot the scene, although it happened years ago, and be has finally reproduced it on canvas.
went doTvn with the wreck which carried
with it several men. All of the front and
rear walls and part of the side walls are
still standing.
Eleven men were at work in ibe build
ing, bat all escaped serious injury by
jumping from windows into the water ex
cept Jxcob fcjchmaiixuh, a_-ed 50, of Cov
ineton, Ky., wiio is missing, and doubt
less crushed to death under the great
weight of the ruins.
On account of the danger from the tot
tering wails and surrounding flood it is
impossible to search for the body or re
lease him if fie should be alive. Mike
Coleman, another of the men, was struck
on the head by a falling joist, but not
seriously hurt. Mr. Wilson, one of the
proprietors, had a thrilling escape.
The thousand barrels of sugar > were
valued at $12,000, and these goods, as well
as the building, worth $10,000, are a total
loss.
BART LEY'S EMBEZZLEMENT.
An Ex-State Treasurer of Nebraska Taken
Into Custody on Charges ot Steal
ing Nearly a Million.
LINCOLN, Nebr., Feb. 27.— Ex-State
Treasurer J. H. Bartley is to-night nomi
nally in the custody of the Sheriff, with a
possibiity of goin? to jail iv the event of
his inability to secure bail.
This action on the shortages of the ex-
Treasurer aggregating over half a million
dollars was taken to-day by Attorney-
General Miller, who swore out a warrant
charging him with the embezzlement of
State funds. The fourth count charges
Bartley with the embezzlement of $202. C00
of the general fund warrant drawn and
cashed by Bartley and not turned into
the sinking fund. The seventh count
charges him with the embezzlement of
$537,7f;2. The remaining counts are
similar.
With his attorneys Bartley appeared in
the County Judee's office at 4 o'clock this
afternoon, where the information was
read, a plea of not gnilty entered and a
continuance granted until next Thursday.
Bail was fixed at $50,000. This he was un
able to furnish and a Deputy Sheriff ac
companied him while he endeavored to
raise the amount. He was unsuccessful
up to a late hour to-night.
ENDEAVORER TRANSPORTATION.
Road* Unable to Agree Upon Handling
the Bumines*.
CHICAGO, Ili*. Feb. 27.— The chair
man of the Western Passenger Associa
tion has arawn up in the form of sug
gestions a set of regulations under%hich
he thinks the Christian Endeavorer con
vention business for San Francisco next
July should be handled under his direc
tion, according to the agreement of the
interested roads. Upon the adoption of
these suggestions the roads have been in
vited to a hearing here next Friday. The
most important regulation proposed is
that no special train be run or special
equipment used until the consent of the
chairman is first obtained. Several of the
roads say they cannot agree to the adop
tion of such a condition.
Both. Mayor and Governor.
DETROIT, l Mich., Feb.. 27— Hazen ' 8.
Pincr'ee is still • Mayor of Detroit and
Governor of Michigan, according to the
opinion handed, down by the lull bench
of the Wayne Circuit Court this morning.
The decision was upon mandamus pro
ceedings brought by the Board of Public
Works and .Commissioner; Moreland to
require the Common Council to declare
the office of Mayor vacant and issue a
call lor an election to rill the vacancy.
The Court holds. that Moreland stands
alone and has no standing in the court,
and that the court has no jurisdiction.
•
Another Trnnivaal -Haider Released.
LONDON, Eng., Feb. '11.— Major White,
who with Jameson and oiuors, was con
victed of participation in the Jameson
raid into tiie Transvaal, was release'! from
Holloway jail to-day, his term of seven
months' imprisonment expiring.
"IN DISTRESS."
HOW AMERICANS
FARE IN CUBA
Destruction of a Plantation
and Arrest of the
Owner.
All This Because He Dared
Denounce the Outrages of
the Spaniards
Butcher-G?neral Weyler Stamps on a
Passport in toe Presence of
Consul Lee.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 27.— The
Post says that Henry W. McDonnell, a
planter of Point Clear, Ala., wno owns a
large plantation in Cuba fifteen mi'es from
Havana, has arrived in Washington direct
from Cuba, where be says he was sub
jected to a series of degradations so insult
ing to his republican manhood and Ameri
canship that be has come post haste to
lay his case before the authorities of the
State Department and demand immediate
justice.
Mr. McDonnell several months apo re
ceived information at his home at Point
Clear tbat his plantation in Cuba was
being ravaged by the Spanish soldiers,
and that unless it was cultivated by spring
it wouid be confiscated by the crown. He
had left the management of his planta
tion entirely to his ngents in Cuba, who
since the revolution have been unable to
cultivate it.
He accordingly sailed for Cuba on Feb
ruary 2, and arrived at Havana February
4. On the steamer be made the acquaint
auce of a newspaper man named Hopkins,
who was representing the New Orleans
Times- Democrat. He did not know at the
time that Hopkins was a newspaperman or
the stories he had beard of the treatment
accorded reporters in Cuba would have
s rved as a barrier to further intercourse.
However, he became very intimate wiih
Hopkins, and upon landing the two spent
the firßt day together in Havana.
Mr. McDonnell has his passport from
the State Department, duly signed by
Richard O.'ney, and numbered 15,528, so
that he deemed himself perfectly safe.
On the first day of his arrival, accom
panied by Hopkins, be rode fifteen miles
into tba country to his plantation. Every
thing was in ruins.
Not a building remained standing, all
of the expensive machinery had been
mutilated or carted away, and not a soul
was to bo seen anywhere. Four years ago,
Mr. McDonnell says, he refused $30,000 for
the plantation. Now he says he coujd
not get |500 for the property, and he does
not expect to get a cent out of it for the
next ten years.
On bis return to Havana after witness
ing the destruction caused by Spanish sol
diers, be indulged in some uncomplimen
tary remarks about the Spanish Govern
ment. These remarks were uttered pub
licly with characteristic American frank
ness and came to the eara of General
Weyler.
Within three hours, McDonnell says, he
was arrested and brought before the gen
eral charged with nothing in particular.
Hopkins was arrested at the same time,
but was not brought before Weylcr until
later, when he was released on promising
to leave the island.
McDonnell demanded at once that
Consul-General Lee be sent for and Wey
ler finally consented. General Lee ap
peared after McDonnell had .been held a
prisoner several hours and demanded
McDonnell's release.
In reply to McDonnell's claim that he
VM an American citizen in Cuba tc look
after bis property, Weyler retorted that it
wouid be to his interests to attend stiictly
tohis private affairs without regard to
Spain, and that he had better be careful
what sentiments he uttered.
McDonnell says he then exhibited hi?
passport and demanded instant release.
As he describes it, Weyler took the paper
gintreriy, looked it over an instant, and,
in the presence of Consul-General Lee,
flung it under foot with contempt and
exclaimed that it was of no importance
and had no bearing in the case.
General Lee protested and demanded an
apology, which Weyler refused.
Mr McDonnell recovered his passport
and agaiu demanded his release, saying
that It was an insult to the United States
to have her seal flung under foot in that
manner.
Weyler made several insulting remarks
to the effect that all Americans had better
remain at home, and finally consented to
set Mr. McDonnell at liberty, but added
tbat he would be constantly watched
while in Havana and that he had better
leave ?oon.
On February 16, Mr. McDonnell left
Cuba. During the few days he remained
there he was constautly under guard of a
Spanish soldier who followed him every
where. In e,very way he was made to
understand that he had better return
home.
On the streets he was insulted openly
by the Spanish and he was unable to
transact any business whatever relative io
bib plantation, whish is now unprotected
and liable to confiscation at any time.
Mr. McDonnell described the condition
of affairs in Havana and surrounding
country as appalling. Destitution was
everywhere. With Havana under martial
Jaw the Spanish soldiers were plundering,
and ravaging as they pleased. No one's
life or property was safe. Weyler was
looked upon by every one .as a tyrant.
DIED A NATURAL DEATH.
That 1» the Spanish Version of the Suit
Murder.
MADRID, Spain. Feb. 27.— Prime Min
ister Canovas said at a Cabinet council to
day that the question between the Amer
ican and Spanish Governments re
garding the treatment of prisoners in
Cuba by the Spanish authorities, was not
one of importance. He added that an in
vestigation had shown that Dr. Ruiz, the
American citizen who it wa^s asserted had
been murdered in prison at Guanabacoa,
had died a natural death.
OLNEY IS WAKING UP.
At La»t He Will Demand the Ueltate of
Amerlcnns.
NEW YORK, N V., Feb. 28.— A special
to the Herald from Havana, Cuoa.via Key
West, says:
, While the State Department has not
backed up Consul-General Lee unreserv-
edly, the administration has at last taken
a firm stand on one question, and that is
the length of time an American citizen
can he held incommunicado in a Spanisb
prison.
Upon this question Secretary Olney
fairly placed himself ou record shoulder
to shoulder with General Lee. He has
authorized General Lee to demand the re
lease of each and every American who
may be arrested and kept incommunicado
lor more than seventy-two hours. He has
informed the Madrid Government of the
clear and well-defined attitude our Gov
ernment has assumed on this question.
Only a few weeks ago General Weyler
informed General Lee, both verbally and
in writing, that the Spanish Government
had and proposed to exercise the right of
keeping Americana in prison and incom
municado seventy days if it should be so
decided.
The treaty rights contained in the
treaty of 1795, explained and interpreted
by the protocol of 1878, had ceased to
exist, contended General Weyler, the
moment that his proclamation of martial
law was published.
General Lee reported tue **••♦* to our
Government and th •» foregoing instruc
tions have been foriucoming. It remains
to be seen what policy the Madrid Gov
ernment will assume.
The Spaniard* Are Whipped.
CHARLOTTE, N. C, Feb. 27.— Dr. J. J.
Kinyoun, passed assistant surgeon, was
in the city to-night en route to Washing
ton from Havana, where he had been sent
to inspect quarantine conditions, and he
will report at once. There are 5000 cases
of smallpox in Havana. There were 150
deaths last week. He met all the news
paper correspondents in Cuba. Ackers of
the London Times, one of the most accu
rate and be*t posted, thinks the Spaniards
are whipped. The correspondent of El
Liberal tias telegraphed his paper at Ma
drid that Gomez can indefinitely prolong
the war.
Stint/Hilly at Key Went.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 28.— A special
from Key West, Fla., says: Julio San
guilly, who has been pardoned by the
Spanish Government after a long period
of imprisonment in a Cuban prison, ar
rived here last night from Havana on the
Ma-cotte.
Passengers on the same steamer dectare
that the officials of Guanabacoa are intim
idating Mrs. Ruiz, whose husband was
kille 1 in a Cuban jail, and refuse to allow
her to leave Cuba.
Bart Ha/it? Lee* Place.
BALTIMORE, Mix, Feb. 27.— Captain
John D. Hart of Pniladeiphia, recently
convicted of complicity in filibusteringen
terprises, is an applicant for the position
of Consul-General at Havana, provided a
successor of Consul -General Lee is ap
pointed. Captain Hart asserts that Gen
eral Roloff, who forfeited bis bail here last
week by not putting in an appearance in
the United States Court, did not go to
Cuba in tbw steamer, but is still in the
United States.
DAUGHTERS OF THE REVOLUTION.
Adjourn Hive lHe, Leaving Considerable
■; . *: Unfinished HuMine**.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 27.— The
Daughters of the American Revolution
began their last dny's work with but a
slight attendance. The election of State
regents was announced.
A resolution to employ an expert book
keeper to assist the treasurer brought on
a spirited discussion as to the necessity
for such an office. Mrs. Stevenson favored
it. Mrs. Draper, the retiring treasurer,
opposed the proposition and said there
had not been a paid officer in the two
years of her incumbency. Mra. Brackett,
vice-president, said that whenever extra
help was needed it had always been fui
ni?hed. The resolution was then adopted.
Revision of the constitution and reports
of the regents took up the rest of the day.
The congress adjourned sine die to
night, with a good deal of unfinished busi
ness, which will be taken care of by the
board of management.
Sentuneed for Criminal Libel.
PITTSBURG, Pa., Fab. 27. -To-day
Alfred Reed, proprietor, and Walter
Christy, political editor of the Commercial
Gazette, recently found guilty of criminal
libel on charges brought by Senators
William Flinn and C. L. Magee. were
sentenced to each pay a tine of $100 and
costs of prosecution."
Ftirj Chicago Clot Mng- Bourne Fails.
CHICAGO, 111., Feb. 27.— Tue bfg re
tail clothing and men's furnishing house
of Willouehby, Hill & Co., Madison and
CiarK street?, was closed by the Sheriff
this morning* Judgment by confession
was entered in favor of the Fort Dearborn
National Bant for $81,000.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
BUILDERS'
EXCHANGE
IN LINE
The Postoffice Agitation
Promised Great Sup
port.
ANOTHER MEMORIAL TO
GO TO CONGRESS.
Great Preparations for the Mass-
Meeting of Commercial
Bides.
MANY ABLE SPEAKERS WILL BS
PRESENT.
The Public Satisfied That the New
Administration Will Start the
Work Soon.
There is general favorable expectation
now as to the result of the agitation orig
inated by The Call for the early beginning
of the work on the new Postoffice build
ing.
No sooner did The Call set the proposi
tion on foot than it was received with
much favor. The indorsement did not
come irom any one class, but from ail
classes. Merchants, manufacturers, ship
ping men, lawyers, public officials — Fed
eral, State and municipal — the labor
unions, the unemployed and the builders
and contractors.
The organized body of the latter class,
ihe Builders' Exchange, has come to the
front in a manner that leaves no doubt as
to its using all the power and influence it
possesses to secure for San Francisco tho
new Federal building.
The president of the Builders' Exchange,
HEW TO-DAY. , {
TERRIBLE HUMOR
A Little Boy's Sufferings.
Covered with Sores and
Raw from Scratching.
Cured by Cuticura.
About eighteen months ago ray baby boy
(now three years old) broke out with horrible
sores all over bis body, which tortured him
night and day. He would
scratch to such an extent,
1 * 33 that his face and such parts
rf £= ;If of his body that he could ;
anight with his He would -
scratch to such an extent,
that his face and such parts
of his body that he could
reach with his hands were
\ ZZ. 'ly almost raw TOm scratching
-«a^^ . &~ After being under treat-
<A3^— ~^ d^r^~i ment by doctors for three i
l / months the child got we rse,
I SisVF- and there seemed notulng \
that would relieve him.
He had wasted away to a mere skeleton,
from want of sleep. A Mr. J.G. Ahem, of the
' Gate City Loan Co., who happened to call a: '
our residence, was attracted by the fearful .
screams of the child, and asked if he might
see him. He was brought in, and upon seeing
him, Mr. Ahem said, that " while it was the ;
worst case he had ever seen, he felt satisfied
that it could be speedily cured by the use of *
the Cotictjea Remedies." I finally con-
sented to try them, purchasing the Cuticuba
Soap, Cuticdra ointment, and Ccticoba
Resolvent, and used them according to
directions. Before we had been using them
three weeks, we noticed a decided change
for the better, the itching began to subside
and a healing process had set in. In seven
weeks from the time we began with Cuticura
Remedies, my little one teas completely cured,
and without a sign of the trouble left. It is
over a year since he has been cured ; there has
been no return of the trouble, and the little
man is now fat and hearty, with a beautiful,
clear skin.
Mrs. L.M.RENFRE, 158 Mills St., Atlanta, Ga.
Sworn to before Jos. F. 1 Anthony, N. P.,
Atlanta, Ga., Aug. 25, 1896. 4
Bpi«dt Ctras TxiAniz tt. — Warm baths with Ccti-
cce a Soap, gentle applications of Cdticuea (ointment),
the creat skin cure, and mild dotes of Ccticcka Ri jol-
VBJTT, greatest of blood purifiers and humor cores.
Sold throughout the world. Poms D. ajtd C. Coir.,
Sole Prop*., Boston. " How to Care ETery Humor," free.
BEAUTIFUL HAIR TOMSKSs*
D U Cl I M Sci&tica, weak backs, pain-
nflllUllin ful kidneys, uterine pains,
| . sore lungs, relieved quick as
TIC M ■an electric flash by Collins' :
I 1 Will- Voltaic Electric Plasters.
WHY
Be bothered with inferior goods when you
can get a first-class article if only you
' will call for it. - ■' • ■ ■-"
LEVI STRAUSS A, GO'S
CELEBRATED COPPER RIVETED .
OVERALLS AND SPRiNG BOTTOM PANTS
Are made of the best materials.
; : : - Sewed with the best threads.
Finished in the best style.
EVERY GARMENT GUARANTEED.
FOR SALE EVERYWHERE.
C$C" JM j^ for a picture of our >
Factory, we will mail one to you free
of charge.
L
WE EMPLOY OVER 500 GIRLS.
ADDBESS: LEVI STRAUSS & CO.
San Francisco,
California.
m2
Oscar Lewis, yesterday issued a call to
have the directors meet in the Exchange
building at 1 o'clock to-morrow for the
puroose of drafting a memorial to be for
warded to Washington praying that the
work may be commenced forthwith.
"That petition will recite the need
of the building and the necessity of hav
ing the work continue without interrup
tion after the start is made, and also the
immediate benefit to trade, labor, com
merce and the public at large.
On Marc:i 4 a joint mass-meeting of the
members of the Board of Trade of San
Francisco, the California State Board of
Trade, the Manufacturers and Producers'
Association, the Chamber of Commerce
and the Merchants' Association will be
held in the -Chamber of Commerce Hall.
Tue purpose of this representative gath
ering has already been made known. At
this meeting the best speakers in the City
— men who are thorougly informed on the
need- of San Francisco and the Postofnca
subject — will deliver interesting ana in
structive addresses.
The Dublic bases its hopes for the com
mencement of the new building upon the
fact that within a tew days there will be a
change of administration, and that the
new regime will not prove as blind to the
interests of the City by the Golden Gate
as the outgoing administration has been.
THE BUILDERS WANT IT.
A Special Meeting of the Exchange
Called for To-Morrow Afternoon.
There will be a special meeting of the
board of directors of the Builders' Ex
change of San Francisco to-morrow at 1
o'clock, for the purpose of taking action
relative to the early starling of i he work
on the new Postoftice building. The mem
bers of this organization of artisans have
long desired to see the work begun, and in
the past raised their voice to that end.
Oscar Lewis, the president, yesterday
sent out a call for a special meeting of the
boaid oi directors, which will be held in
the exchange building, at 40 New Mont
gomery street In discutsing the matter
Mr. Lewis stated that there could be no
better time for commencing the projected
work than now.
For some time past the building and
contracting business in this City has been
dull, and this has caused considerable
. hardship to hundreds of carpenters, brick
masons and others in the building trade.
These people to whom he refers are resi
dents of this City and nearly ail have fam
ilies dependent upon them.
The men who furnish materials of all
kinds have also lost by this condition of
affairs. Of course every spring sees the
building business improve more or less,
but the present outlook does not give rise
to hopes thai there will be a building
boom next spring and summer. Hence
the erection of the large Federal building
wouid do much to relieve the labor mar
ket for contractors and workingmen ahte.
Continuing, Mr. Lewis said :
"In issuing this call for a meeting of ibe
directors of the Builders' Exchange I
fully believe that it is a subject of vital
interest to us all. I irii! suggest that good
Etrong resolutions be passed by this body
urging the authorities in Washington and
our Representatives in Congress to do all
in their power to get the work started.
Also that Congress appropriate at tbe
•extra session a sufficient sura of money to
keep the work going, so that there will be
no stopping when it has been started, as
■ might be the case when the $240,000 al
ready in nand for that purpo c has bf en
' used up in the first or preliminary work. 1 '
The call for the meeting reads as fol
lows:
San Francisco, February 27, 1897.
A special meeting of the board of directors of the Builders'
Exchange is hereby called for Monday, March 1, 1897, at 1 P. M.,
at 40 New Montgomery street, for the purpose of considering the
proposition to urge the authorities at Washington to begin the early
construction of the San Francisco Postoffice.
You are earnestly requested to be present. Respectfully,
Oscar Lewis, President.
Resuming, Mr. Lewis said: "The reso
lutions and memorial that lam snre will
be passed by the directors of the Builders'
Exchange will, no doubt, be based upon
business reason*. Much has been said o:
the labor market being clogged and the
unemployed needing work. This is a
matter of serious consideration, but in
addressing the people at Washington
they should not be led to believe that San
Francisco is in such a condition with its
unemployed that Congress would be per
forming a charity.
"A large force of men provided with em
ployment upon such a siructura would
: . ..' *"• faHMt « «** ■>tlctom mt «t»r Miiiy—w Oq^hW I. IW7 I. Pr— U tMtytUw to <W 8m»
'", Cai«A».R«Jßloff.Br«idw.t. _ O«. N. P. CaiPl , Ch.lrm.o O.mmlfu.
LCM'Ar««.l*Vi«. President. k\ irUPAI. - °" *«Ticollor»l and lodu.lrUUt^oorcM.
J. B E*B»r. 2J Vice Pre.UJ.nt. /■ Xv* 11 *\ /V / >. J a »—. ,-k i ,-
* ... 'l . . ids »Dd Fioaoc*.
J° BN P» Iki»b. Chnirnnun Commit(/<cus
State Board |^^a| of Trade.
Tat Crock«r-Wooi.woith National Dake, "^^WjSmßhNW^^^ J A MonMWtT - Btr.rklon. Cl>ai'm»n Co«v
Tr»MDrer. raittae on Eliibil*.
*- A p iLCßrn. S^ctrtary Gen Mgr. ' *&&izFSi*&TtZ7 W- H - Mll.L«.Ch»lnnui CommiilNan rtiim
■ 16 POST STREET . ' ■ * •"
&an '3?iartct4Go Vat
My Dear Sir :
Local members of the State Board of Trade have joined with the
Chamber of Commerce, the City Board of Trade, the Manufacturers 1 and
Producers' Association and the Merchants' Association of San Fran-
. Cisco in a call for a meeting of all the members of all these bodies,
to meet in San Francisco at the rooms of. the Chamber of Commerce
Merchants' Exchange building, California street, at 2P. M. , on. the
4th day of March, for the purpose of petitioning our Representatives
in Congress to induce the authorities at Washington to begin work at
once on the new Postoffice building in San Francisco.
We understand there is about $250,000 available for this purpose,
and it is believed by many who have considered the matter that the
expenditure of this money here at this time would not only relieve the
unemployed of this City, but that the distribution of a quarter of a
million dollars in San Francisco would result in more or less stimu-
lating business throughout the State, hence we are all^interested.
The money must be expended and the building erected sooner or later,
and no more opportune time could be selected to begin the work than now!
It is hardly expected that our members should come from a great
distance, but I am requested to give this notice, and if it is con-
venient for you to be in the City at this time, your presence and
assistance in this case will be appreciated.
YOUPB VOXT trttlTi
TO FACILITATE FEDERAL BUSINESS.
John P. Irish Emphasises the Importance of the Building
Demanded.
I have already tried to make it plain that the proposed Federal building in this
City will be far more a courthouse than J|a postoffioe. Mr. William H. Mills, in his
Call interview, is led astray by the habit of calling it a postoffice. When it was pro
posed in 188G to ask Congress to buy a site here, President Cleveland was consulted
about it in advance, and said he would not sign an, act to buy a 6ite and build a post
office alone, but, that an act for a site and building to adequate y accommodate t the
Federal courts and other Federal offices here, including perhaps the sub-treasury and
army headquarters, with room for the postoffice on the ground floor, would meet his
approval. His reasons were the same as those given by Mr. Mills, that great im
provements in collecting and distributing mail were in progress, tha: would entirely
substitute the o!d method of a great central postoffice, and that all that would be
required would be proper offices for the Postmaster and the clerical force which is
necessary to keep the books and accounts. This central office would handle mail only
as one of the city stations.
This understanding with the President was carried out The appropriation for a
site was increased from $350,000 to $1,250,000, because the Government wanted ample
space, and the final site was made large enough to bold nearly a three-acre building.
In its instructions to the local commission the Treasury forbade consideration of any
site below a large minimum area which was faxed by the department. Let me repeat,
then, that this building may shelter the courts, sab-treasury, army headquarters
navy pay office, naval hospital office, postofico, pension office, pension surgeon's
office, surveycr-ueneral and land office, postal inspectors and railway postal service,
tbe life-saving and lighthouse offices, the secret service offloe, the coast, and geodetic
and h ydrographic surveys, and the effice of the engineers of the army. All of these
outward and visible signs that we have a Federal Government present in San Fran
cisco will be under one roof, greatly to the facility of Federal business
The custom-bou'-e and internal revenue office, the shipping commissioner, im
migration commissioner, revenue agent of the treasury will occupy all of the present
postoihee and appraisers' buildings. John P. Irish.
certainly be a great relief, but our com
munication snouid brine; out with more
prominence such facts as these: That the
pre-ent postom'co is too small for the vol
ume of business transacted therein, and
in such matters cramping always entails
136*. San Francisco wants a modern post
office, in keeping with its standing among
the large cities of the United States. Our
present antiquated excuse for a postoffice
is a disgrace to tne City.
"Furthermore there is sufficient money
on hand to make a start on the work; also
that according to all we can learn tbe
plans are prepared, or are at least nearly
completed, and finally that there has
been more than sufficient delay. I be
lieve that it was something like ten years
ago that tbe subject Was first agitated.
"The agitation of this matter by our
body has been delayed a little, as it was
thought advisable to take it up at tbe
quarterly meeting of the Builders' Ex
change, which will be held on March 5,
but upon a second thought I declted that
the present is the best time to act. The
Postoffice will also be discussed at the
quarterly meetiner, and I feel assured that
our members will do all in their power to
accomplish the desired results."
COME ONE, COME ALL.
Active Preparations Being Made for
the Mass-Meeting on Thursday.
The officers of the five large commercial
and industrial bodies of this City, who on
Friday decided to call a mas^-meeting of
their organizations for the purpose of
mating an effort to have the work on the
new Post< fflce be^un as soon as possible,
have started out in earnest to make the
gathering a success. By to-morrow morn
ing nearly every member of the Chamber
of Commerce will be in receipt of a notice
of the meeting, accompanied by an urgent
request to be present.
Yesterday President Hugh Craig of that
body said: "The meeting will bo a suc
cess. I believe that the ciange of admin
istration, the extra session of Congres3
and other considerations will start the
ball to rolling if we of this City properly
impress those at Washington that the
commercial bodies and the representative
citizens of San Francisco are thoroughly
in earnest in tbe request for tbe work to
start. Tnii is whai we propose to do at
the mass-meeting."
The members of the Merchants' Associa
tion are equally interested in this proposi
tion, and at the gathering of the directors
of that body yesterday Secretary J. R.
Freud was instructed to lelegraph at once
to Congressmen Loud and Maguire for in
formation upon the Postoffice question.
Answer* are rx|>ecte<l to-morrow.
Secretary Freud said: "The Merchants'
Association will be well represanted at
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1897.
the meeting in the Chamber of Commerce
Hall. The members are all in hopes that
the Postoffice will be a reality In the near
future."
At the State Board of Trade rooms at 16
Post street the office force was kept
bu?y sending out letters to its members.
J. A. Filcher lost no time, and by 3 o'clock
a big bundle of letters was deposited in
th« mail.
Mr. Filcher stated that he was sure that
the State Board of Trade will turn out in
large numbers to attend the meeting, as
all of its local members are and have been
earnestly desirous of having the new
building constructed as speedily as possi
ble.
:,■'■ ' ■, ■ ♦
Why Is Not the New Postofflce
Built? 71'
San Francisco city Argus.
The City Argus frequently has called
attention that a site was purchased for a
postoffice some y?ars sine?, but no efforts
have been made to build a postoffice. Now
Mayor Phelan feels action should be taken,
as it would give employment to our peo
ple, which is no small matter. He de
clares San Francisco has contributed in
custom duties alone over $100,000,000
in the last fourteen years, and the delay
in erecting the postoffice is unpardon
able and inexcusable. If Congre>amaa
Maguire bad leut his best energies to
force action something no doubt
would have been effected. But no,
he has let the "new postoffice building"
pass his understanding. His wanton neg
lect is now painfully apparent. What do
we tend men to Congress lor but to look
out for our interests. Have they done it?
Has Maguire ever been heard urging a
Postoffice building being erected in tbii
City? Has Loud's voice been, raised for
one? The delay in acting can be placed
at the door of the Coueressmen who rep
resent San Francisco. The Call is deserv
ing of warm praise for its warm advocacy
for early action. It says Supervising
Architect Aifcen declares that the begin
ning of the work is yet far off. There is
a mysterious agency thatdeiavs it. There
is $210,000 in the United States Treasury to
the credit of the new building. Lack of
interest by our representatives The Call
should understand is the true cause, de
pend upon It.
WATER FAMINE IN OAXACA.
-4« a Btiult a jP'eiiUarlv fatal Epi
demic Break* Out.
ST. LOUIS, Mo , Feb. 27.— A special
from Puebla, Mexico, says the city of
Oaxaca baa a water famine which is
causing great suffering among tbe people
of that place. All the fountains have
gone dry and the water supply for the
city is exhausted. As a result of this con
dition a peculiar epidemic has broken out
among the poorer classes which is alarm
ing in its fatality. The patient is first
stricken with a vomiting of blood
which soon results in death.
fl-ekly Hank Statement.
NEW YORK, N. V.. Feb. 27.— The
weekly statement of the associated banks
shows the following changes: Res rye,
increase $1,855,025; loans, d.cnase $1,
--137,900; specie, increase $1,123,000; le^i'.l
teoder>, in-rease $1,105,800; deposits, in
crease $1,096,700; cir ulation, decrease
$122,300. The b .nks now hold $57,447,975
in excess of leeal requirement.
PROCEEDINGS OF
SENATE AND HOUSE
Labor Antagonizes Capital,
With the Usual
Result.
Postoffice Appropriation Bill Is
the Subject ot a Long
Dabate.
— —
Senator Allison Wax s Facetious at
the Expense oi Hill and
Dnbois.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 27. -In the
Senate to-day tho naral appropriation bill
was reported by Hale (K.) of Maine, and
placed on the calendar.
Hoar (R.) of Massachusetts introduced
a bill to pumsh obstruction of the exercise
of constitutional power in either house of
Congress by a member thereof, by impos
ing a fine of flOWfor willful absence. It
also makes the seat vacant upon a failure
to qualify. Hoar said be did not expect
action on the bill now, but he hoped it
might be passed in the near future, in
order that the dangers of the situation
which might arise at any time might be
avoided.
A long sworn statement was read by the
clerk from ifficers of the Knights of La
bor .n regard to the dismissal of som em
ploye! by the Metropolitan Street Rail
way Company of Washington and in sup
port of a concurrent resolution introduced
by Hill (D.) of New York for the with
drawal from the President of an act au
thorizing the extension of the company's
road. The contention of tba Knights of
Labor was backed by Allen (Pop.) of Ne
braska, who arraigned the committee tor
the District of Columbia for not having
reported to the Senate the bearing given
by the committee to the representatives
of the Knigbts and to the officers of tha
railroad company.
Mills (D.) of Texas spoke in favor of the
recall of the act, and said that if it came
aaain before the Senate be would move to
insert in it a provision that no employe
of the company should be discharged un
til charges were preferred against him
and sent before the District Commission
ers, who have authority to hear evidence
and to past upon the validity of the
charges.
laulkner (D.) of West Virginia, a mem
ber of the District Committee, defended
tue action of the committee in the mat
ter.
After some further discussion Gallinger
(R.) of New Hampshire moved to lay on
t c table the resolution for the reca i of
the bill. The motion was agreed to — ayes
30, noes 24.
Peffer (Pop.) of Kansas offered a resolu
tion instructing the Committee on Finance
to report at the preset 1 1 session what
action it had taken in the matter of the
mv stigaiion ordered last session into the
bond sales by the Secretary of the Treas
ury. The resolution weut over without
action.
A motion to reconsider the vote of last
evening t assing a bill for refunding the
debt of the Territories was made by Builer
(Pop.) of North Carolina aud went over
without action.
Tue postottice appropriation bill was
then proceeded wiiii, and Pettigrew (Sil
ver) of South Dakota made a statement as
to the exorbitant railroad charges for mail
transportation. He said that me pending
bill ought to be amended by providing
that no more than 80 per cent of the
amount now paid for railroad mail trans
portation shail be paid hereafter. This
would strike one-fifth off the cost, saving
nearly six millions a year.
Al.ison remarked that there was in the
bill an amendment for the appoimment of
a committee to inquire into the whole sub
ject and the amendment, therefore, was
unnecessary. It was ruled out, however,
on a poi.it of order made by Faulkner that
it was general 1-gisiation.
Butler offered another amendment to
the item appropriating 13,600,000 for rail
way postoffice-car service — the amend
ment bting that not mure than 10 per cent
of the ost of cars shall be paid for their
use. T:ie amendment was laid on the
table.
Aliiaon offered a substitute for the com
mittee amendment for the appointment
of a select committee of three Senators
and three representatives to inquire into
the whole subject of mail transportation
and its costs. The suris ituie merely
changes tha committee into a commission.
The amendment was modified accord-
ingly.
Chandler (R.) of New Hampshire moved
as a substitute for the committee amend
ment as thus modified, a proposition that
the questions concerning the correction of
alleged abuses in the postal service, includ
ing second-class mnil matter, toe exten
sion 01 iree delivery in the rural region, the
reduction of the cost of railroad transpor
tation, the adoption of 1-cent postage for
eintrle letters and other like questions, be
examined oy a special reform commis
sion, consisting of the Senate and Hou-e
Postoffice Committee chairmen, the Post*
master-General and two citizens, to be
appointed by the President, and which
shall make its report to the next Con
gress. He made a statement about the
hearings given by the Senate Postoffice
Committee on tho Loud bill and said that
the committee had come to the conclu
sion that it was impossible to have any
legislation on the aubj-ci at the present
session and that a commission should be
created as proposed.
At 3:30 Allison proposed that there be a
recess from 6 to 8 o'clock this evening,
and it was agreed to.
The discussion of Chandler's substitute
was continued.
Stewart (Silver) of Nevada complained
of the low cost at which newspapers were
carried through the mails, ridiculing p;tr
ticularly the Sunday newspapers, which
were so heivy and voluminous that some
penons refused to take them for nothing.
On the other hand, he said, educational
literature, like pamphlets on silver, was
boycotted by the Po-toiflce Departm nt.
Duboi* (Silver) of Idaho took advantage
of the backward condition of the appro
priation bills to make a speech in advo
cacy of his proposition of last session to
distribute th«« appropriation bills among
the committees haying change of the vari
ous snbj"Cts. The idea ot uoldin a vps
■--• . . -
One True Blood Purifier— Hood's Sarsaparilla.
the medicine with the greatest record of cares,
creates; sales, Greatest merit. It parities the
blood, gives appetite and strength.
KBk9 40&k. Jote%.
Sarsaparilla
It the medicine to make and keep yon welL
Hood'<» Pi lie are the best after-dinner
I UvVLVL 5 fills pUlBi ,4a oijciUon. Xsc .
*ion on Sunday, be said,|was not i leasing
to Senators or tun people. "The Republi
can party," he went on, ''cannot oreanize
the Senate next session. The Senators
known as Silver Republicans will not co
operate with you. You have no power to
organize tbe Senate."
"To whom do you refer as 'you?' " Nel
son (R.) of Minnesota asked.
"I am referring to the Republicans,"
Duhois replied.
"What have you got against them?"
NeKon queried.
"I have this against them," Duhois re
plied. "You have been stating for sev
eral years that you would heip us to make
the fignt for silver. But you came out at
St. Louis as the advocate of the single
gold standard. And when you did that
you 10-t — as you were then warned — the
Pacific Coast Bs na tors. Just so fast as the
people of that section have elections for
Senators will Republicans to down. There
have been seven Senators elected there to
take the place of seven Republicans, and
one Republican Senator came back.
"And jusi bo olten as tbe people of the
Panne Coast have tbe cnance to express
themselves will you loss a Republican
Senator if you cling to the single god
standard. You cannot organize the next
Senate. You cannot oreanize any other
Senate. As was said at St. Louis, the Re
publican party as a party has written its
last Jaw on the statute-books of this
country. If you get your tariff bill
tnrough it will not be by Republican
votes. You hove not got them. Tuey do
not belong to you and you will be farther
from getting tbem acer two years."
Hill (D. ) of New York spoke in opposi
tion to Allison's amendment and in favor
of Chandler's substitute.
Alii.-on facetiously expressed bis satis
faction at the advice given by the Sena
tors as neither of t em would be in a po
sition t<> advise the Senate next session.
He argue I in support of his proposition.
Th? discussion was continual, by Cui
lom (R )of Illinois, Carter (K. ) of Mon
tana. Chandler (R. ) of New Hampshire,
Burrows (R.) of Michigan, Hawley (R.)
of Connc t.cut. Aldnch (R.) of Rhode Is
land, E kins (R.) ot West Virginia and
Hoar (R.) of Massachusetts.
Most of tho arguments were in support
of the Chandler substitute, but Hoar ex
p.essed his disapprobation of such mired
commissions. The question was not de
cided when the hour arrived for taking a
recess.
The House amendments to the Senate
bill vacating the Sugar Loaf reservoir site
in Colorado and to restore the lands to
public entry were concurred in, and the
uili now goes to the President.
Daniel (R.) of Virginia presented and
asked leave to have printed in tiie Record
the naturalization papers of Julio Sau
guiliy, with an extract from the laws on
the subject of the naturalization of aliens
and Hoar (R.) of Massachusetts also ob
tained leave io have printed extracts from
other sec;i<.ns of the law.
At 6 P. k. the Senate took a recess until
8 o'clock.
After the recess a number of private bills
were passed and then Quay (R.) of Penn
sylvania endeavored to obtain unanimous
consent for the consideration of the bill
forbidding the sale of 1 quors in the Capi
tol, but Hili (D.) ol New York oojected.
The postoffice appropriation bill was then
taken up.
Gorman (D.) of Maryland opposed the
amendment of Chandler, providing for a
civilian commission. He contended that
wbie tbe execunve was constantly crying
out against the extravagance of Congress
tne ministers appointed by him were -end
ing in estimates to Coneress lar beyond
the necessities of their departments.
While all the departments had full legal
power to institute reforms and practice
economy they never took advantage of
these rights, but all recent reforms had
been inaugurated by Congressional com
missions.
> fter trying in vain to obtain a vote on
the Postal Coromisrion amendment, Alli
son, in view of the tact that the protracted
debate was imperiling not only this bill,
but ail the great appropriation bills un
acted upon, moved to lay the amendment
on the table. It was agreed to.
Butler (Pop.) of North Caro'ina moved
to strike out the item of $171,250 for fast
mail ssrvice between New York, Atlanta
and New Orleans. He made an argument
of nearly two hours' duration against the
Ringing in the ears is one of the certain signs or symp-
toms of a decline of power or nervous debility. When in
this condition you will find the great and certain cure is the
reliable remedy treatment, Hudyan. Hudyan is a remedy
treatment especially efficacious in premature weakness.
When you notice the first sign or symptom of a premature
condition, or of a premature weakness you should make
certain to use the remedy treatment that is world-wide, and
that remedy treatment is Hudyan. Hudyan cures night
losses, pimples, drains ; Hudyan cures depression of spirits,
bashfulness, inability to look frankly into the eyes of another ;
Hudyan cures headache, hair falling* out, dimness of sight,
noises in the head and ears, weak memory, loss of voice,
taste or smell ; Hudyan cures sunken eyes, stunted growth,
premature weakness, palpitation ; Hudyan cures tremblings,
noises in the head, twitchings, facial twitchings, loss of
muscular power, gloomy, melancholy forebodings and
disturbed sleep.
HUDYAN CAN BE HAD
From the doctors of the Hudson Medical Institute and from
no one else. You need Hudyan when the facial nerves
twitch ; you need Hudyan when there is a decline of nerve
force, because this decline shows a lack of nerve life, and
when the nerves begin to lose their strength you may look
out for nervous debility. If you have harassed your nerves,
if you have gnarled or knotted your nerves, if you have dis-
sipated or abused yourself you should recover with the
Great Hudyan Remedy Treatment.
No One Else Can Give You Hudyan But
THE HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE.
Hudyan cures varicocle, hydrocele, impotency, dizziness,
falling sensation, blues, despair, sorrow and misery.
WRITE FOR CIRCULARS AND TESTIMONIALS.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Corner Ellis and Market fats., San Francisco, Cal.
appropriation, whifh he ch-rr>< c: z d a<
a gift, a sub-idy to the railroad .
Jillman (D.)ot bou b Uru 1:1 a defended
the provision and declared Butler's argu
ment a piece of sentimentality. He said
tiiere was entirely too much sentimental
ity in the Swuih. What it needed was
more practicability.
This was followed by a war and rapid
exchange of compliments between the
Senators ot the two auj «iriine States.
But er's arnondment was defeated.
The postoffico appropriation bill was
then passed and the sundry civil bilt taken
up.
At 12:45 a. M., after a number of unsuc
cessiul attempts by hill to have an hour
fixed on Monday for holdin- an executive
session for the consideration of nomina
tions, it was agreed that at 2:30 a. m. the
Senate should take a recess until 3 o'clock
Sun lay afternoon.
The sundry civil bill consideration waß
then resumed.
At 2 o'clock there were but few Senators
present to listen to the monotonous read
ing of the clerk. At that hoar he had
covered about naif t;;e 134 pages con
tained in the bill. Items to which objec
tion was offered were passed over without
action.
At 2:30 a. m. tl c reading of the sundry
civil bili was finished and the Senate took
a recess until 3 a. m
ANTI-SCALPER VICTORY.
Bill raise* th« Home by More Than a
Itco- Ihirrt* Majority.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 27—In the
House to-day the following bills were
passed: Gran ing right of-way through
tne Spokane Military Reservation, Wash
ington, to the St. Paul, Minneapolis and
Manitoba Railroad; to vacate the Sugar
loaf Reservoir site No. 5 in Lake County,
Colo., »n<i restore it 10 the public domain ;
establishing a land office at Kuiupiel,
Moat.
Senate amendments to the bill allowing
the bmtling of distilled sp rils in b -nd
were concurred in, and the bill now go s
to the President.
Sherman (R.) of New York called up
the ami-scalping bill. It proposes an
amendment to tne interstate commerce act
and forbids (he sale of railroad tickets by
any o her than a regularly appointed
agent of the company issuing the tickets.
Morthway (R.) of Ohio raised the ques
tion of consideration and on an aye and
no vote the House decided— ls2 to 70— to
consider the bill.
Sherman proposed an amendment the
effect ot which would be to give persons
purchasing tickets the right to sell them
to othor persons who will actually use
them for passage.
Sherman moved the previous question
and pending that endeavored to make an
arrang ment to limit the debate, first pro
posing an hour and a half and again two
hours, but the opponents or the bill de
clined to accept less than three hours and
Sherman insisted upon bis motion for the
previous question.
Bowers (R.) of California moved to ad
journ and on this motion the ayes and
noes were taken, the opponents of the bill
evincing a determination to tight it with
every possible weapon all along the line.
The motion to adjourn was lost and the
previous question was then ordered. The
amendments offered by Sherman were
aureed to and then he reviewed the pro
visions of the bill.
The engrossment and third reading of
the bill was ordered and the reading of
the engrossed copy was demanded. To
secure this a wait of some minutes was
necessary.
The House refused to consider the bill
authorizing the Posi master-General to
lest the merit of the postal card and
envelopes with coupons attached, patented
by the United States Economic Postal
Association, which was to be admitted to
the mails under the regulations to be is
sued by the Postmaster-General.
The engrossed copy of the anti-scalpers
bill having been received, it was read.
Bailey (D.) of Texas moved to recommit,
the bill with instructions. Rejected— 46
to 130. The bill was then passed— l 42 to 51.
The House then, at 5:40, adjourned uutii
Monday at noon.
"In a mile of English railway there are
about 2112 sleepers.
ICEW TO-DAT. '
Sk^-^ KKlt- SI ion II £4|A "^^3
Three or four pack-
ages of SOZODONT
will take the best
possible care of your
teeth for a year, if
you make proper use
of the liquid daily,
the powder twice a
week. Both in one
package. b
RECOMMENDED £
B V DIS TING UISHED
DENTISTS AND SOLD
BY LEADING DRUG-
GISTS NEARLY
FORTY YEARS.
A Sample for 3c, or complete
package by mail or express, pre-
paid, for 75c. ; with Sozoderma
Soap (for the complexion), $1 . Ad-
dress P. O. Box 247, N. Y. City.
HALL & RUCKEL,
New York. Proprietors. London.
•ELY'S CREAM BALM Is a positive cure.
Apply into the nostrils. It is quickly absorbed. 60
cents at Drasgists or by mail ; samples 10c. by mall.
ELY BROTHERS, 66 Warren St., New York City.
DA£AAi\
Here
Are Prices
and goods that carry the
conviction of their cor-
rectness.
Silver=plated
Ware
Is what we are talking
about this week.
Quadruple plate Cake Baskets, B. C 9t.ot>
" " ••-,-•• " 53. 50
'• ' " Pickle Casters 900
" " " " 51. 50
" • , " Fruit Stands 51. 50
11 " " " Persian glass. 1.35
4- Piece Tea Sets, quadruple plate S3.
" " " " " »*•*»
Little Prices
and Big Values.
5-Bottle Dinner Casters....: St. OO
8-Kottle Dinner Casters, quadruple plate, •
embossed .83.00
! Kmbossed Butter Dishes, class stood. 750
Quadruple place Butter Dishes 51. 35
•' *• •• " wltb. knife
rest SI. SO
Roger Brothers' Tea Spoons, set of 6. ...... » I. 25
" '• ■ Table Spoons, set of 6 K3.5U
" " Table Forks, set of 6 S3. 50
24 Pieces— Knives. Forks aud Spoons, In - v i
piush case ~ 54.50 1
Cut Prices I
rx
Aluminum Tea Spoon's, set of 6.... 500
" Tablespoons, set of 6... ...:.. .81.00
" Tabie Forks, set of 6 «....B .OO
Russell's "Stag" carvers, perset 53.50
•• Ivoride " - 53. 50
" Ebonized Knives and Forks, set
of 6 .....:. .; 750
"Sterling" Triple-plated Knives, set of 6.. 750
Bed=rock Prices
and guaranteed qual-
ity go together.
718 M A-K.K:E3T STREET.
DR.MQOTLTY.
H^nrs WELL-KNOWN AND rkliable OM>
■I Private N«»rvous,Bloo<i»iiia»kin
Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over
20 years' experience. Send for Book, free. PaUents
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours, 9 to 3
ciaily;6:3o toB.3oev*s. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consult*,
tion free and sacreilyconfldentlaL Call or address
1». BOSCOE McXCI-TT, M. »..
2G W Kearny «t reel, Man rr»ncl«co, C»l. -
nnnnn FOR barber* bax.
RRII^SIIi"K er3 ' bootblacks, bat^
S? C 2 8J U? IS *■ *3 bouses, billiard • tablet
brewersT bookbinders, candy.makers, canners.
dyers, flou.-miUs, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, punters, painters, shoe factories, aublf ,
den. tar-rcofers, tanners, tailors, etc
wen. lar-n H tf CHASiAii BROS., y
BrUjgh3laQuf»cturer». 60ariacramento3|« I
HAirS EEIHIGOaATO^f
k.sKJ"«^aft3r? Five hundred reward lor any case w» '
s2a SaQs canuot cure. THIS SECIIKT KEM
HDR. stops all losses In 24 hoars," |
Klvo faandred rewarJ lor any case it» '
cunuot cure. THIS SECRKT KEM
K..Y stops all losses t n a* hoars,"
Ssf E5 I cures Emlsslons . lmpoteucy Varied
cele, Cionorrhwa, Gleet, Fits. tiUi£
JpH m tures, Blood Disease and £li%tSun^
OB effects of -elf- Abuse or Excel**?
&MwJ&Vi tieut sealed. «2 per bottle, Tfcra«;j
BOTTUCS, *5: iruaranceed to cure any cm*«. ■■"■
YW HALL'S MEDICAL IXSTITUiK*
/ 866 Broadway. Oakland. Cat -^
All private aiscnae* , nuictly curita, b«ad fat I
. k -. . ■ BNEW FAKE
JOURNALISM
THROWS MUD
An Imputation That Honest
Senators Were Bribed
Resented.
DENUNCIATION OF THE
MEN BESMIRCHED.
Morehouse, Chapman and Franck
Denounce the Malicious Lies
• of the "Examiner."
THEY WILL PRCBE THE MATTER
TO THE BOTTOM.
Representatives of H arst's San Fran*
Cisco "Freak" May Be Put Out
of the Legislature.
SACRAMENTO, Cal.,' Feb. 27.—With
out the slightest foundation in fact, but
with' an imagination born of malice and
vindictiveness, the "Monarch of the
Fakers" in the course of its everyday pas
time of faking, to-day made wholesale
charges of bribery against the members
of both the Senate and the Assembly.
' So contemptible were tbe falsehoods
contained in the article in question and
so flagrant was the violation of all the
written and unwritten rules of decency
that there was a general outburst of in
dignation on the part of every Senator
present, and on the floor of the Senate the
article was denounced as a "willful, un
mitigated, damn lie," and the author as
'•'an unmitigated, malicious scoundrel.''
The ostensible inspiration for the article
was the passage of Assembly bill 273, in
troduced by Caminetti, adding to section
170 of the Code of Civil Procedure the pro
vision that no Justice, Judge or Justice of
the Peace shall sit or act as such in any
action or proceeding "when it appears
; from the affidavit of either party that he
has reason to believe, and does believe,
that he cannot have a fair and impartial
trial before the Juatice or Judge about to
try tne .case, by reason of the prejudice or
bias of such Justice or Judge."
1$ is charged by the Examiner that the
object of the bill is to prevent Judge Heb
.bard from sitting in the Hale & Norcross
' case, should it be ordered back by the
Supreme Court for retrial. Here is the
language of that pu_si]lanmious 'creation,
evolved from the fad of "new journalism":
Plainly coin baa been used to crowd through
the Legislature a bill capable of enabling
. Aivinza Hay ward and h!s Hale <fe NorcroM fol
lowing to oust Judge Hebhard Irom the great
case in which they have been adjudged guilty
of gigantic frauds.
At present the Hale & Norcross case is before
the Supreme Court. Should that tribunal find
gome error in the rulings of the court below
the cause would be sent back for rehearing.
Herein 'arises the eagerness of the defendants
to be placed in a position where they shall
not have, in such a contingency, to face the
Judge who knows them to the core.
, It then makes unsupported statements
as follows:
Without a shadow of a doubt members of
the Assembly and members of the Senate were
bribed to support the bill. The price paid for
each vote bought in the lower House was
$150. In the Senate a vote brought all the
way from $ 350 to $500.
After giving the history of the bill in
Senate, the article concludes with the fol
lowing cowardly insinuations:
Prisk, Pedlar, Langford and Dwyer, who
were absent when the roll was called on Tues
day, voted for the bill. Chapman, Franck and
Morehouse, who had voted against allowing
the Bill a third reading, cast their votes for the
passage of the measure.
. The San Francisco papers arrived bat a
short time before the adjournment of the
Senate until Monday, and there was con
sequently but little time during the ses
sion lor the members to read and digest
thearticle in question. It was only when
the motion to adjourn was pending that
Senator Morehouse arose to a question of
privilege, and with voice vibrating with
intense indignation gave vent to his feel
ings as follows:
■ "Before that motion is put I would like
to call the attention of the Senators to an
article that appeared in the San Francisco
Examiner this morning headed 'Bribery
in Aid»of Thieves,' and in which there
are statements that upon certain measures
here members of the Senate have been
i I -ibed for their votes. I desire to say that
I ■ far as lam concerned that article is a
I — a willful, unmitigated, damned lie —
\ d the man who wrote it is an unmiti
gated, malicious scoundrel. I have come
here honestly and have Honestly voted on
every measure in this body. No man has
approached me under any circumstance,
and I tbink that is so in regard to every
member of the Senate."
After the adjournment the matter was
the sole topic of indignant and denuncia
tory remark about the Capitol.
fhe absurdity of the whole story and
the exceedingly thin fabric out of which
it had been constructed is shown by the
character of the men whom it sought
to more directly connect by invidi
ous inuuendo with its infamous
charge, viz. : Morehouse, .Franck and
.Chapman. These are the men who are
stated to have changed their votes in
favor of the bill after having once voted
against it.
Franck is a resident of Santa Clara
County, a man whose wealth is estimated
at between $200,000 ana $300,000 and whose
honesty and integrity have always been
above suspicion.
Morehouse is also a man of means,' and
stands high in the proiession which he
honors, and is one of the leading attorneys
of his section. In Santa Clara, bis home,
no man bears a better private and
(public reputation. His public record is
pne that any man might feel Droud of. So
[well have his services on behalf of the
people been appreciated, that his name is
even now prominently mentioned in con
nection with'the nomination for the high
office of Governor of this State two years
fcence.
Chapman represents £1 Dorado and
Placer counties, is a miner, has an irre
proachable character, is worth in the
neighborhood of $250,0Q0, and was onlj
induced to stand for the Senatorship in
his district by the persistent demands of
his friends.
Three men of higher standing or purer
reputation on whom to cast its venom the
Examiner could not have selected from
the entire list of forty Senators. And it is
this fact that has aroused the Senate and
permeated the hearts of all with a sense
of outraged decency and justice.
This feeling will find expression on
Monday in a movement looking to a com
plete and thorough investigation of the
matter with the purpose of inflicting such
chastisement on the guilty persons as is in
the power of the Senate and as their con
duct deserves. Among the methods pro
pos- d to be adopted is the exclusion from
the floor of the Senate of the entire staff of
the Examiner.
Senator Morebouse will take the lead in
the matter of the investigation. He is de
termined to leave no stone unturned to
b ing his traducers to time and to demon
strate to the world at large the falsity of
the imputed charges. In an interview
this afternoon he said:
"All that I know of the measure is that
there were two similar ones before the
Judiciary Committee of the Senate which
were strongly recommended by the Dis
trict Attorney of Madera County. Judge
Conlan of Madera County felt that they
were personal attacks on him, therefore in
the Judiciary Committee I took strong
action aeainst both measures and they
were not reported favorably by the Ju
diciary Committee. Afterward, here upon
the floor of the Senate, the bill from the
Assembly known as the Caminetti bill
came up on second reading, and I moved
to strike out the fourth clause and ad
dressed the Senate in opposition to the
measure.
"When it came up on third reading
Senator Langford of San Joaquin came to
me and said if I had no personal interest
in the bill he wished I would vote for it,
as it was a matter of great moment to
him. I informed him I bad no interest in
the measure one way or the other, and
while I did not believe personally in such
legislation I could not see that serious in
jury would result in passing the bill,
therefore I would accommodate him and
vote for it. About the same time I re
ceived a dispatch from a personal friend
saying that if I bad no special interest in
the bill it would be a matter of favor to
him if I would support it, and not having
any interest in it one way or other I cast
my vote for the measure.
"But in reading the article in the Ex
aminer this morning the only inference to
be drawn is that all persons who voted for
the bill, and particularly myself. Senators
Franck, Chapman, Pedlar, Prisk and
Dwyer, had received money for their votes
from one of the parties interested in some
litigation in San Francisco.
"As for myself nothing was ever «aid to
me at any time concerning the matter
spoken of in the Examiner, and I knew of
no motive other than I have heretofore
stated for the bill. I have only had one am
bition in life and that was to reach public
honors and so conduct myself in public
positions as to leave a reputation to my
wife and children that would be an honor
to them and a credit to the State, and I
hold this dearer than life itself.
"I feel that this is an unwarranted at
tack, and was intended lo injure and de
fame me and other gentlemen of the t?en
ate. But if my associates will stand by
me I will have this matter probed to the
bottom and find out the source of this in
formation, and, having found it out, 1 will
take such means to rectify it as the law
will permit, and if the law does not per
mit, 1 shall take such means ss God Al
mighty gave me the right to exercise.
"This Senate from the beginning has
been one of credit to the State, and so far
as I know, every member of it has sought
to do his duty and to maintain a reputa
tion for personal honor and integrity that
wuuld be above reproach. Senator Franck,
the other Senator from my county, is a
man of unimpeachable integrity, of large
wealth, and whose honesty no man can
question.
"The other Senators I am not bo well
acquainted with as I am with Senator
Franck, but I am satisfied that they are
absolutely innocent and that this is a pure
joke, gotten up for the purpose of casting
a slur on the reputation of reputable mem
bers and probably for political effect, ow
ing to the fact that a majority of the Sen
ators are Republicans.
"If this is to be Democratic politics the
sooner the Republican members of the
Senate discover the fact the better.
At any rate the time has arrived in the
history of this State when fake journalism
and lying correspondent! snould be taught
a ler-on.
"I have no fear of any large newspaper
or its attacks upon me, as my whole life
has been one of toil and struggle, and 1
have never in my life been guilty of a dis
honorable act, therefore there is nothing
in my personal record why I should fear
the public press, and I know that my in
tegrity is proof against false attacks. I
am sorry that this occurred so Jate in the
session, as else I would prepare and in
troduce a measure which, if the Legisla
ture would pass, would prevent future
attacks of this kind made on public
men."
Senator Franck concurred in all that
his colleague said and stated that he
would heartily co-operate with Morehouse
in any effort to run the false report lo
earth and punish the offenders. Senator
Linder is one of ttie legislators who voted
for the bill. After hearing what Senator
Morehouie had to say he remarked:
"I heartily indorse and concur in Sen
ator Morehouse' s statement and in addi
tion to that 1 had a personal reason for
oting for that measure. I had a building
contract some four years ago and a con
tract on which the contractor fell short or
appropriated the money to his own use
and failed to pay the workmen.
••In consequence the laborers brought a
lien suit and the Judge in my county.
Cross by name, who is a Democrat and
very partisan, decided that the contract
was all right and that I should only have
to pay tne contract Drice, but he gave
judgment against me for costs, etc.,
amounting to $1200 or $1300."
Those who are best informed declare
that the Examiner's publication was sim
ply intended to influence the Governor to
veto the bill in question, and that it cared
not who was bespattered with its shine so
long as it accomplished its object.
Senator Seawell, tne leader of the Demo
cratic minority, voted for the bill, and de
clared tiiat the provisions of it are em
bodied in the laws of nearly every State
in the Union. He added that no undue
influence was necessary to carry it, as it
was a sufficiently good measure to win on
its merits.
Deadly Huiler f splogioti.
NEW BEDFOKD, Mass., Feb. 27.— At
8 o'clock this morning the boiler-house,
harness shop and clotfaroom of the
Cushnet Mills were wrecked by a boiler
explosion. Two men and possibly more
were killed outright, and a dozen opera
tives injured. The whole city was thrown
into a state of intense excitement.
Jam** Avtin ltrad.
MONTREAL, Canada, Feb. 27.— Jamts
Austin is dead.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1897.
■.;. : ._. j __j jw^ :: --. , '■' ■ NEW- TO-DAYt-CLOTHIKG. '^-.y. '
I
\\ \ \ \ \ ll'f ' i I \\ ■ * Hill' i
- '-v^ I I ©/ mWBI^BU M^S^^^^mmmmmmmmmm^^^mmmmmmag^^^Ui^L
\ S - B *A ' fASk \ ■* ken im
iBt^ % JS t^w ' '' L v /jDJmL \ MB mm
mm / mijT^^^Bmt J V^H JKsSf^ \ jS J
THREE STAR SPECIALS FOR THE COMING WEEK!
§Star I*. STAR 3is that great magnet —9—. We have startlend the
community and scared the wits out of our competi-
What little money tors through this big Challenge Sale of ours at
Witt do. It just takes tT m *\. ' *-''-*
fo t o dress you in the _•- -, Jjg £3 CZ3 £/} —— —
height of fashion. Of '11^ *"** m —^ 1—
course this is a special «-j It doesn't require much effort
occasion. A real. tiirtra A* ■>  .-.•» ? in
fashionable single or -I§P» *J^b> on our part to talk about these
double breasted Suit, V€ *i V^¥ goods at the Challenge price;
' a highly fashionable Jl^*>h \£"J( • they're behind massive panes of
Overcoat, with deep ' • "w^yV' glass, right before you in broad
J\ velvet collar, in blue, J^^^WiJi /f^/H 7\ daylight. .. ..-MO-
-brown, black and a o'o^^^^^9k/ V^r I \ The clever garments you, scein
\l/f variety of colorings, ]r^ I \ the pi C.tlU'C hardly do justice to
J~\i^J. * brown, black price, «»Miip^^[f# / J Vv^ I \ pretty fabrics, the see in
variety of coiorinas, mt m^\l J^^ \ the picture hardly do justice to
at the defiance pr ice,' »■ W^Sftl I * - \ \ V rr^H fabrics, the fresh
\\ " — -^ SiH'H i A '■ Spring ideas and the clever tai-
J $5.00. ' 0 l ° r^ g -r *
(5) jfedfliE*Sl 1/ / Cutaways are true exam-
_^ JSB^j ma Yif "F/ / { pies of the tailor's art, in those
c _ >^^^^ r lt|f I fi nG English clays, those fine
•aMMM| otar 2 / W!&ii\ \!f If V^ i ra V cloys, bright pinhead
K«--^H I Consist; of 600 or more ' tßs!\\- If — 1 checks, all cleverly handled i by
I^Hk*2llisl Suits in new Spring Mffs<v If \ 1 1 master tailors. The Single and
J^b^l styles tailored hand- 1| il \\\ \i 1/1 Double Breasted Sacks, new
■FK/na^B soviely. They embrace fill W H I /i Spring garments, hi light and
W^f^^^k those -pretty and fash- H W I /i Spring garments, zn hght and
HI yx^Jl 1a ioil(lhle plaids, with l|jjijjl I | \\ / I dark effects, in blue and black
m\V'&i W fly front tests tic wMli 1 1 II ' twills, cleverer garments never >
fg f V Some awfully «/•«■// j[W HI T l f ' 1 ' 7 T ~l
IP c=T Am light, medium and }!} 7|' | t 11/1 The Overcoats come in those
H_^ 'GfcHH da rA*, Aa if*' r; 118/1 I II " JLJ /I 3foy«l blue- and black Kerseys,
Kb I Wo™ ted" slits 'in ||f «**^c> ' e3^\J 1 in brown and tans, satin sleeve
Hfl _^^a black, in single and Pi M \ linings, silk velvet collars, in
§||S§" T"^^^a double-breasted sacks. v V medium and long cut. We
H i Hi tJ^oF^ent The English Top Coat is an doubt if a tailor would make
iSII I |l that can be duplicated aw fully swell coat ; it's the new > em for less than $40.
wHS » 111 in any other house in Spring garment, very jaunty,
ifkil to u lcr * 15 m very swell. In this great Chal- Challenge Price
RS IBIJI 3 Chall:U ? __ _. Lenge at wimiicugc rntc,
■yHi $7.50. <£q no $Q on
Now will they put upf VPC/iWi *+>V^«Wm
(INCORPORATED),
9i XX, 13 a>nd IS Kearny Street,
LEGISLATING FOR
MINING INTERESTS
Numerous Measures Look
ing to a Revival of the
Industry.
Soward's Amendment to Debris
Commissioner Act Is Most
Important
As a Law It Would Restore the State
to Its Former Place as a
Gold- Prod ncer.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 27.— Hon.
F. D. Bo ward, chairman of the Committee
on Mines and Mining Interests in the As
sembly, in talking about mining legisla
tion and the needs of the miners, said:
"The thirty-ie cond session of the Cali
fornia Legislature has before it an un
usual amount of mining legislation. This,
no doubt, is brought about by the revival
in minine noticeable in nil of the mining
sections in the State. The bill known as
Soward's amendment to the Debris Com
missioner a ct of 1893 is the most import
ant. Upon It depends the outlay in this
State of a; half million dollars in the
building of 'works for the restraining or
impounding of debris resulting from miv
ing operations, natural erosion or other
causes.'
"One-half of this money is to be paid
by California and the other half thereof
by the United States Each appropria
tion is in a measure oepeudent upon the
other, and as the National appropriation
is for a somewhat different purpose from
that of the State appropriation under the
Ford Act of 1893, the Sovrard amendment
is necessary so as to make the purposes of
the two appropriations conform.
"This large amount of money is to be
expended under the direction and control
of the Federal Engineers constituting the
Federal Debris Commission, pursuant to
section 25 of the Caminetti act.
"In June, 1896, the present National
river and narbor bill became a law, and
in so far as it affects the appropriation un
der consideration it provides:
For the construction of restraining barriers
for the protection of the Sacramento and
Fc.nthorjrivers in California, $250,U00, such
restraining barriers to be constructed under
the direction of the Secretary of War in ac
cordance with the recommendations of the
California Debris Commission, pursuant to
the provisions ot und for the purposes set
forth in section 35 of the act of Congress of
the United States, entitled "An Act to create
the California Debris Commission and regu
late hydraulic minim: in the State of Caliior
nia," approved March 1. 1893; provided, th-u
the Treasurer of the United states be ami he
is hereby authorized to receive from the Slate
of Ca.ifornia, through the Debris CoaualMion
of said State, or other officer thereunto duly
authorized, any and all sums of money tua't
have been or may thereafter oe appropriated
by said Say for the purposes herein set forth.
And said sums when so received are hereby
appropriated for th<^ purposes above named,
to be expended in the manner above provided.
"The bill known as the Dredrer bill,
asking for an appropriation of $300,000,
now pending before the Legislature, is a
companion bill to the Soward amend
ment, ana the miners and farmers have
both heartily joined in supporting Doth
measures.
"For the first time in many years the
representatives of the miners and the
farmers have worked together in accom
plishing the same ends. The old animosi
ties have been buried, and both seek to
adjust their differences upon friendly
lines, instead of wasting their substance
in useless litigation.
"What little I may have done toward
bringing about these friendly relations, I
shall ever look back upon as the brightest
part of my legislative career.
"Early in January of this year I had the
honor of appearing before the executive
Hon. F. D. Soward, Chairman of
the Committee on Mines and
";'. Mining Interests in the Assembly
committee of the State Miners' Associa
tion for the purpose ol bringing about the
above result. At this meeting a resolu
tion offered by Mr. Keyer was adopted di
recting that the members of the Legislature
in sympathy with the miners bo requested
to co-operate with the farmers in dredg
ing Newion shoals.
"Immediately thereafter 1 had the
THE
CHALLENGE
OF THE
GIANTS !
The young Frisco hoys of Kearny street scored
a distinct success. The challenge given forth last
week still remains unchallenged.
Competing houses have acknowledged that
they're not in it with us on pidces, qualities and
styles.
We'll give 'em another week of
DEFIANCE PRICES.
NOW WILL THEY PUT UP?
ARE YOU READY
FOR SPRING ?
WE ARE !
\£ Over 250 pret-
ty short pants
ftnfflj[\ Middy Suits,
/ liffif l\ \ 7na de with a
} mm 1/ f, I washable vest
■& Ijlj //• f / an s deep sailor
collar, in blue,
\ \ |Cj browns, tans
\\\ y and grays, very
\ \\ I pretty garments
WiJ . for Spring.
a H Challenge price
ijf[ $2.95.
See the picture on x. -^ a
the side ? It's an aw- 2^s^T>^
fully swell Suit, a
beauty. There's just /^^%~W/ /
150 of these Long V rVTIf /
Pants Middy Suits in I] I \ /
blue: the vest is ele- Ikj ®/\m
gantly embroidered in I */|\l '
silk ; pearl buttons on y^ji. */ 14?
the reefer ; the collars *r»ki.'i!
are trimmed with red, - \JSk.' / v(j
white or black sou- \*SL / ™
tache braid ; swell I /
stuff; ages S to 13. - - :i
Special Monday at I
the Challenge price, I .
$4.95. (I (\
f~ %^ Gentlemen's full size
/m YV '•< Hand leer chiefs, in
/m M^k plain iv hi te, hem-
/ m a stitched, and an end-
/ M fiß% \/ less variety of pretty
Am\ *Sm\ /i colored borders. 500
\\M\ /Iv/y dozen of 'em.
t^T\ \f fi\s Special Monday,
' 5 Cents.
Men's Underwear
Department.
Just 90 dozen of fine All- Wool
Underwear, in chocolate, gray
and tan, full-fashioned
throughout and well worth
$1.50.
SPECIAL MONDAY AT
~Bsc-
honor of calling a joint meeting of the
Senate and Assembly committees on Min
ing and the committees on River' and
Harbors, and Swamp and Oversowed
Lands or the present Legislature, and as
presiding officer of such joint meeting I
extended the olive branch on behalf of the
miners and asked the farmers to meet us
on mutual ground and to join with us in
adjusting our differences upon friendly
lines. This offer was accepted by all of
the representatives of the farmers present,
and the miners and farmers have ever
since been working together. Thisjmeet
ing was a great success.
"Another important bill now pending
requires work upon each mining location
within sixty days after posting of notice,
so as to prevent monopoly in making min
ing locations. As tne law now stands par
lies often locate thousands of acres by
successive locations and take the Congres
sional time (sometimes most two years) to
commence work. The bill has passed the
Assembly and is now pending in the Sen
ate.
"Anotner bill which has passed both
houses modifies the law that requires min
ing corporations to post monthly* state
ments showing their receipts and disburse
ments, so that the directors will not be
liable for $1000 liquidated damages for fail
ure so to post, but will only be liable there
for for actual damages and removal from
office at the suit of a stockholder.
"Another bill provides for protection to
laborers where blasting ii done* by suc
cessive shifts. This bill has passed the
Assembly and has been amended in the
Senate.
"Other bills provide for the recordation
of mining notices by County Recorders,
and the repeal of the law of 1874 relating
to the sale of mineral land in school sec
tions.
•'The United States Supreme Court has
decided that mineral lands in these sec
tions do not belong to the State, but to
the United btates Government, and are to
be treated as other mineral lands. (Min
ing Company vs. Consolidated Mining
Company, 102 U. S., 167.)
"There are also numerous bills pending
affecting miners' liens and many other
mining matters.
"It is estimated that one billion and a
quarter in gold has been taten out of the
t That pretty
I^^ long pants Sai-
(l*f lor Suit, Reef er
-^j&k' style, that you
\p(y&fc^\ see on the side,
XJy 7/ r\ \ in an d some
a \*/~A \ rough twill
] * Blue Cheviot,
.l_J^j the collar hand-
le . somely braided:
I \\ You know what
II I \ they sold before
I \ \ at. Challenge
h] \J price.
_^__ , $3.50. .
Just gOO of those &¥*[
pretty short pants fP j "
Middy Suits in hand- vV-^TV
some fabrics, new /■Q^4,-'kflb'i
Spring designs, fancy I |S&\ jßn \
Scotches and Home- / I \nwrf/r^
spuns, including a I A © /\ 9 |jß^^
pretty duck vest; three I 1 1© I \^\
pieces in all, and the ■■ II) • . /
price t Last season Vj \{ I /
you paid twice as V/ /
much. They're spe- ■ jarag
cial Monday at the &>$M
Challenge price,
rfjv <^ P" W¥f
$3.95. J^
Have you visited our
Shirt Waist Depart-
ment f It's teeminrf
- with new novelties in
sailor • collars ; area*-
values. Special at
50 Cents.
~~~
Have you heard of LJ&Jl^^^J
the Leoviinster Mills ll|jpiJ£§2||9m
They make the finest \
Shirts. We've closed . v
out over 200 dozen of I
their $1.50 Shirts in
pretty Madras fronts,
beautiful colorings for ?!sffi%M
Spring.
Special price Mon- - JP^SSS
day, raH
75 Cents. Ljw jr
California mines. The immensity of this
can be fully appreciated when we consider
that all of the gold in circulation as coin
in the entire world is only about eight
billions.
"If hydraulic mining had been per
mitted to run from 1882 to 1896 California,
it is estimated, would have produced $72 -
000,000 more gold than she did. Then the
loss in decrease in value of the prqpertr
and equipment, estimated at $150,000,000,
brings the total loss to this State by tha
stoppage of hydraulic mining to $225,
--000,000.
"The time for crass-root mining, when
muscle was the only capital required, is
past, but the ancient river channel with,
its lava cap and the quartz ledges with
their chutes of pay offer the best oppor
tunities for investment by capitalists that
can be found anywhere to-day.
"The mines of California are not worked
out. The shallow placers are gone, it is
true, but deep mining is just in its in
fancy. California miners aslc only that
no law be passed restricting their Indus*
try, but that their industry be en
couraged by wise laws and the protection
that is thrown about other industries and
that then California will be restored to
her former place ns a sro.'d producer."
OREGON SWINDLER CAPTURED.
round in a Michigan Town After a
Three IMri' Chase.
CARO, Mich., Feb. 27.— E. Durand, alias
Wislce, alias Dickinson and Wilson, is
under arrest here charged with forgery
and embezzlement in Oregon. He ad
mitted his guilt, and said he wou'd go
back without a requisition. Three years
ago Durand organized an Oregon com
pany in Portland, borrowed lavishly, and
lett forged note?, overdue paper and debts
amounting lo $200,000. In May. 1894,
tip was indicted at Portland for forgery.
Officers have ever since been on his tract,
but be has avoided them.
To Cheek IHvorcnm in A'orth Dakota.
BISMARCK, N. Dak.. Feb. 27.— The
House has paused the bill extending the
period of residence irom three months to
one year before action for divorce can
begin.
34
ONLY A TEMPEST
IN A TEAPOT
There Is No "joker" in
the Bill for a State
Census.
Los Angeles NeeJ Not Fear Get
ting Rated as a City of
the First Class.
Republican Leaders Too Wide Awak. 1
to Give tha Democratic Gov
ernor More Patronage.
BAQRAMENTO. Oal., Feb. 27.—Accord
ing to a dispatch in this morning's Call
from Los Angeles the people of that city
fear that the municipal census bill, which
has just become a law, has a "joker" in it
and that by reason of it Los Angeles will
become a city of the first class and entitled
to all ihe privileges and subject to all the
duties of a city of that kind.
The particular thing that causes appre
hension in the southern metropolis is
that if the census of Los Angeles, taken
under the new law, should show it to
have a population of 100,000, it will be put
in the same category as San Francisco,
and will give the Governor in that case
the appointment of a Police Commission.
a Board of Health and other officials, and
will, in fact, give him in a large measure
the municipal patronage of that city,
thus opening many desirable positions for
Democrats.
There is absolutely no ground for these
fears, as no such conditions will result as
have been conjured up by some one who
is evidently not in the confidence of the
Republican leaders of that city. Senator
Bulla o! Los Angeles is the author of the
municipal census bill and thus explains
the situation :
"In the first place, I want to say that
the situation does not, in my opinion,
need any explanation. It was fully under
stood by the Los Angeles Chamber of
Commerce, the Merchants' and Manufac
turers' Association and the business men
and people generally in Los Angeles, that
this bill would be introduced.
"The Federal Government required a
statute of that kind to be passed before it
would increase the mail carrier service,
which was absolutely necessary by reason
of the enlargement of the ciiy boundary
and the phenomenal growth of the city
since the taking of the last Federal census.
"We had to provide a general statute
for the taking of the census in order to
meet the requirements of ihe Federal
Government for that purpose alone.
There was a statute which, in my judg
ment, would have given the State power
to do just what this bill that has passed
gives them power to do, but the Federal
authorities wanted a bill passed in this
form, and as we were obliged to satisfy
them before we could get our increased
The native remedy is Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla ahd it is the best C^~~ +*e&g^\ dWXS^fe^-t© i W^U^^&Q) &^££&
* ' :*P^3K£
A A
number oi carriers and the . increase of
salaries or compensation of such carriers,
the bill was prepared, thoroughly dis
cussed, introduced and finally passed.
"The question of its effect upon tho class
of Los Angeles was also fully considered
and discussed, and it was the opinion of
eood lawyers that unless the city took
further steps to place itself within the
first class it would not be so classified,
notwithstanding that the census, taken
under the passed bill should show a popu
lation of over 100,000. Personally i had
grave doubts as to the correctness of this
position, and in order to avoid any pos
sible question I prepared and introduced
another bill raising the population of
cities of the tint class from 100,000 to
L'oo,ooo.
"That bill has passed the Senate and is
now before the Assembly, where it will
undoubtedly receive favorable considera
tion, as the representatives from ban
Francisco are all satisfied with it, and the
Governor will doubtless sign. the same
promptly when it reaches him.
"1 know personally that the motives of
Postmaster Mathews were perfectly
proper and commendable, and Ido not
think it ever entered the mind of any one
connected with the effort to meet the re
quirement of our situation that political
capital would or should be made by the
introduction or passage of the bill. 1 hold
it is a tempest in a teapot and unworthy
of any further consideration."
Station of the Senate.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 27. — The
Senate this morning devoted most of its
time to the second reading of bills carry
ing special appropriations for State insti
tutions.
Senator Storehouse, rising to a question
of personal privilege, denounced the ar
ticle published in the San Francisco Ex
aminer, charging that the members of
both branches of the Legislature had been
bribed to vote for the bill disqualifying
Judges, as an unmitigated falsehood.
Morehouse declared he will have the
writer expelled from the floor of the
House.
Shortly after Mr. Morehouss's remarks
the Senate adjourned until 10 o'clock
Monday. ______________
DEATH STRIKES IN SAN RAFAEL
Robert Walker Succumbs in His Chair
While Attending a City Council
Meeting.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., Feb. 27.— Robert
Walker, superintendent of the Marin
County Water Company, died suddenly
in the City Hall to-night, where he had
gone to attend a meeting for the fixing of
water rates.
He sat down in a chair and almost im
mediately expired.
The deceased was aged 78. He leaves a
widow and one daughter. He was a
brother of J. D. Walker, formerly presi
dent of. the North Pacific Coast Railroad
Company, and also president of the Marin
Water Company. His daughter is Dr.
Alice Walker of San Rafael.
Tacontn Damage Suit.
TACOMA, Wash., Feb. 27.— Oscar Dal
gren has commenced suit against the
Tacoma Mill Company, a San Francisco
corporation, for $25,000 damages for in
juries to his lpg received while handling
lumber on the ship Dashing Wave trough
the alleged carelessness of the captain.
Tnenma Hailroad Casualty.
TACOMA, Wash., Feb. 21.— The body
of John A. Nee, a longshoreman 36 years
old and hailing from lowa, was found
early this morning on the Northern
Pacific track inside the city limits. It
was badly mangled.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1897.
NO INSPECTIONS
OF FORTIFICATIONS
Secrets of Value to Foreign
Nations to Be Properly
Guarded.
Some Important Orders Have
Been Prepared by the War
Department.
Legislating Regarding Retirements
to Increase the Efficiency of
the Army anl Navy.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 27.-An
important order has been prepared at the
War Department relating to the inspec
tion of coast and other defenses by civil
ians. The order will be issued at once.
It will provide that hereafter civilians
cannot visit fortifications except upon
written passes signed by proper authority,
and that such permission is not to bo
granted except for military reasons. The
reason for such an order is obvious when
it is remembered that many of the coun
try's points of defense are nearing the
stage of completion when their character,
extent, etc., would be valuable informa
tion to foreign powers.
General Doe said to-day that he had
conferred with the adjutant-general with
regard to the enlistment and discharge
blanks, with the result that the adjutant
general had made a number of sugges
tions. He now agrees with the assistant
secretary regarding the main points, and
that is that the honorable discharge be
printed on parchment and the dishonor
able on paper. The matter has now been
referred to General Miles again, and
General Doe hones to have some action
taken in the matter.
The Senate Committee on Commerce,
through Senator Caffery, has reported to
the Senate a proposed amendment to the
sundry civil appropriation bill for the
fiscal year, in which officers of corps of
engineers will be interested. The amend
ment has been referred to the Committee
on Appropriations for consideration. It
reads as follows: "Officers of the army
traveling on duty connected with works
of internal improvement shall be paid
mileage from appropriations therefor;
provided, that hereafter the maximum
sum to be allowed and paid such officer
or officers shall be 4 cents per mile, the
distance to be computed over the shortest
usually traveled route, and in addition
thereto transportation in kind shall be
furnished.
The bill proriding for the retirement of
bluejackets, etc., which passed the Senate
on the 11th inst, has been favorably re
ported to the House with an amendment
reading that retirement is to be author
ized, provided the man ban attained the
age of 55 years. In its amended form the
bill reads as follows: "That when an en
listed man serves thirty years in the
United States army or marine corps, or as
an enlisted man or appointed petty officer
in the United States navy, ne shall, pro
vided he has attained the age of 55 years,
by making application to tne President,
be placed upon the retired list with 75
per centum of his pay and allowance of
rank or rate upon whicu he was re
tired; provided that all active ser
vice in the United States army,
navy or marine corps during time
of war, insurrection or rebellion shall
be computed as double time in computing
the thirty years necessary to entitle the
applicant to be retired; provided further,
that all honorable service in the United
Statei army, navy and marine corps shall
be computed as within the period neces
sary -to entitle the applicant to retire un
der the provisions of this act."
Hilborn of the Committee on Naval
Affairs submitted the report to the House.
The report contains several extracts from
a report on the same bill presented by
Meyer.
As the hoDe of the proposed reward
would be an inducement to enlisted men
to make good records for themselves, their
general efficiency and value to the service
at large would be greatly enhanced. A
letter from Secretary Herbert also ap
pears is the report. Herbert says that if
the bill becomes a law it will undoubtedly
cause the best men to remain in tlie naval
service and will be a strong inducement
to American citizens to enlist. In the
communication Herbert suggested that a
provision bs inserted reading, "provided
he is 50 years of age."
The opinion of Admiral Ramsey is
quoted in the report to the effect that the
provision for retirement will be a great
inducement for men to remain in the
service, knowing that they will be pro
vided for after serving faithfully the al
lotted period of thirty years.
Following are the concluding remarks
in the report: "From this cause alone,
therefore, it is in every way probable that
the saving in recruiting expenses, not to
mention the advantage of keeping in the
naval service its veteran enlisted men, will
far more than make up the expense in
volved in a retired list. For the above
reasons, and believing that this is a step
which would be taken, not merely to do
justice to the enlisted men of the navy,
who have heretofore been forgotten
(though their officers have long enjoyed a
retired list, and enlisted men in the army,
as well as officers, have been similarly
favored), but as a matter of public policy —
to improve the morals of the army and
offer greater inducements for enlistment
of the increasing numbers thnt will be
found necessary to man the new ships now
building and contemplated— the com
mittee believes that there should be pro
vided a retired list for enlisted men and
petty officers In the navy." *
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Allows $250,000 for Dredging the Chan-
net in Mare Island Strait.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 27.— The
naval appropriation bill as reported to the
Senate to-day carries a total of 185.728,000,
being increased by $3,500,000. Among the
items of increase are: Dredging the chan
nel in Mare Island Btrait, California, $250,
--000. and establishing a Government armor
factory, $2,500,000. The provision for an
armor- plate factory gives the Secretary
authority in case he finds it impossible to
contract for armor within the limits of
the price fixed by the bill (S4OO a ton).
Sons of Presidents on the Staff.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 26. -General
Horace Porter, grand marshal of the in
augural parade, has appointed U. S. Grant,
Webb C. Hayes. Harry A. Garlield, Ches
ter A. Arthur and Rusxeli Harrison, all
sons Of former Repuhcau Presidents, as
special aids on his 8 taff.
FRED SCHINEER
WINS THE RACE
Rather Tame Ending of the
Six- Day Contest at
Chicago.
Miller Was Twenty-Six Miles
Behind the Winner and
Could Not Spurt.
More Dead Than Alive the Wheelmen
Appeared at the Finish to
Receive the Prizes.
CHICAGO, 111., Feb.27.-Pred Bchineer,
the Bohemian and a resident of this city,
won the six-day bicycle race at Tatter
;• all's, which ended to-night at 10:05
o'clock. The final contestants and the
distances they covered were as follows:
Scbineer, 17SS miles 4 laps; Miller of
Chicago, 1764 miles 1 lap; Ashinger, 1727
miles; Lawsor, the "Terrible Swede," 1707
miles 1 lap; Hanson, 1603 miles 8 laps;
ll iff, the legless rider, 461 miles.
There was no exciting finish for the
thousands of people in the stifling build
ing to go into eostacies of delight and
make an uproar over. The contest prac
tically terminated at 9 o'clock to-night.
Miller was then twenty-six miles behind
the winner, and Ashinger, the veteran
rider of long distances, had thirty-six
miles to Rain on the second-placo man.
Miller was physically unequal to close
the distance gap in the final hour set for
the racers to drop out, confident that
Ashinger could not get the best of him.
Schineer was glad of the chance to quit
and retain his grip on the $1000 purse, and
one by one the half-dozen hall-dead rac
ers dropped from their wheels and sought
their quarters.
For a time the mass of spectators had
nothing to do except listen to the music
and gaze at the empty track. Feeble in
terest was revived by tne reappearance of
the prize-winners, who did a few sleepy
turns, looking more like men in a trance
than contesting professional athletes.
Exhausted in body and mind the riders
quicily sought their couches. They were
rewarded for their brief return by being
made the recipients of liberal applause
and bouquets of flowers. Miller and Schi
neer, the two Chicagoans, made a theatri
cal display of their intention to call it a
race by riding arotind arm in arm and
bearing some of their floral tributes. Law
son and Ashinger came out and did the
same act.
The next diversion came when the stair
way leading from the bridge over the
track fell beneath its load of human
freight. The fall was not enough to more
than bruise those who were caught, but
there was intense excitement for a few
minutes. City building inspectors and
the police found it necessary to clear
away the dangerous wooden superstruc
tures, which were of the lightest construc
tion.
At 9:45 all the riders reappeared and
added a few laps to their scores an a final
measure. At the time set for the finish
all lined up in front of Fred Gerlach of
the L. A. \V. and received their prizes in
gold from two ladies. All of them had
the appearance of victims of consumption
in various stages of the disease, except
tbat the vitality in their eyes resemble I
that of dead fish. They were pitied as
much as applauded. It is claimed that
Schineer rested thirteen hours out of the
142.
STOCKTON'S ANGRY DOG-FANCIERS
Because Me Insulted the Kennel Club,
Mason Will Not Preside at a
Dog Show.
STOCKTON, Cal., Feb. 27.— The Stock
ton Kennel Club, at its meetine to-night
annulled its agreement to employ Mason
as judge at the coming bench show at a
salary o! $400 on account of an article
which recently appeared in his paper, the
New York Turf, Field and Farm, and was
reproduced in the Btockton Mail. In It
Mason said:
"Only recently the secretary of a club,
which gave a show of 150 dogs, advised
another club that if a certain man was not
encaged to judge its show not one dog
from the town in which he lived would be
exhibited, and instead of showing up the
impudent dictator the club actually
heeded the threat. If this is not rotten
ness complete we wonder what it is."
The letter referred to was written to the
Stockton club by Secretary Simpson of
the Sacramento club, and the remark is
construed by the former organization as
an insult to itself. It is supposed that
Mason wrote the article while under the
impression that Fellows, the judge alluded
to, was to be appointed exclusively and
that he himself would not be "in it" at
the Stockton show. The club is talking of
increasing the pay of Fellows, who was to
judge for $125 in connection with Mason,
to |200 now that he will be the sole judge.
NEW YORK BOXING CONTESTS.
Three Event Before the Broadway Ath
letic Club.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 27.-The box
ing entertainment held at the Broadway
Athletic Clnb this evening attracted
nearly 2000 people to the clubhouse. The
principal "go" was between Johnny Gor
man of New York and Jack Reid of Ire
land for fifteen rounds at 150 pounds. The
fighting was in favor of Reid throughout.
In the fourteenth round he would have
put his man out but for the gong. Reid
was awarded the decision at the end of the
bout.
The preliminary bout, ten rounds at 116
pounds, between Dave O'Connor of Patter
son and Benny Leon of New York was
awarded to Leon in the fourtn round.
The second go, between Nick Collins of
New York and Eddie Sweeney of Brook
lyn, ten rounds at 130 pounds, was award
ed to Sweaney on a foul in the fourth
round.
INTERCOLLEGIATE ATHLETICS.
Jluainess Before the Annual Meeting of
trie Attoetation.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 27. -The an
nual meeting of the Intercollegiate Ath
letic Association was held this afternoon
at the Fifth-avenue Hotel. Professor J. D.
Kirby of Columbia acted as chairman.
The business before the meeting was light,
!as the amendments recommended by the
j outgoing executive committee were passed
without aebate, and the proceedings were
ot short duration.
Tie election of officers resulted as fol
lows: President, Oliver Shiras, Cornell;
vice-president, C. F. Jellinghaus, Colum
bia College, ,N. V. ; J. D. Clarke, Lafayette;
treasurer, P. C. Martin, Princeton j secre
tary, W. Abbott. New York University.
Executive committee— S K. Girard, Yale;
W. H. Fearing, Columhia; J. D. TV iddor,
Pennsylvania, and H. W. Howe, Harvard.
The president is ejc-officio president of the
committee. s
Pennsylvania offered the use of Franklin
field for the championships and the matter
was referred to the execntive committee.
Harvard, Yale and Cornell are opposed to
the acceptance of the offpr and it is doubt
ful if the meeting will be held in Phila
delphia.
The applications for admission to mem
bership from Boston College, Penn
sylvania State College, Harvard College
and Leland Stanford University, were
passed on favorably, and these colleges
were admitted to membership.
The treasurer's report showed a balance
on hand of $1115.
HaeiiiQ at ->?»/) Orlxant.
NEW ORLEANS, La., Feb. 27.-9 ix furlongs,
Old Dominion won, Tommy Sutter second,
Sister Florence third. Time, 1:20.
Four furlongs, Oniooor won, Samartia «•©•
ond, French Ford third. Time, :53^.
One mile, Ollean won, Double Dummy sec
ond, The Plutocrat third. Time, 1:49 W.
Six furlongs. Ettarre won. Mies Kowell sec
ond, Pisa third. Time, 1:19}.^.
Six furlongs, ;Henrica won, Elkina second.
Martin X third. Time 1:19.
Seven furlongs, Stratnreel won, Little Billy
second, F M B third. Time, I:34>^.
TRIBUTES TO MR. STEVENSON.
Senators Say Mice Th ings and Present the
Vice- President With Beautitu/
Silverware.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 27.— Vice-
President Stevenson, whose term of office
expires next Thursday, waa this evening
presented with a magnificent silver ser
vice at his apartments in the Normandie.
The parchment testimonial accompany
ing the service and signed by eyery Sen
ator was as follows:
Washington, Feb. 27, 1897.
Bon. Adlai E. Steve-neon— Sir : The dischargo
of the important duties Incident to your great
office as President of the United States Senate
has lor the last four years brought us within
an association with you very close and con
stant. During this long period we have ob
served the signal ability, flaelity and impar
tiality, as well as the uniform courtesy and
kindness toward every member of this body,
which have characterized your official action.
Your prompt decisions, dignified bearing,
just interpretation and enforcement of the
rules of this chamber have very much aided
us in our deliberations and have won from us
an acknowledgment of that high respect and
warm personal esteem always due to the con
scientious performance oi a public duty. De
siring to give some expression to these senti
ments aud to testify our appreciation ot your
valuable services to the Senate and to the
country we take pleasure in tendering you the
accompanying set of silver as a memento of
our continued friendship and regard.
The service of silver is inscribed as fol
lows: "To Adlai E. Stevenson, Vioe-
President of the United States and Presi
dent of the Senpte, 1893-97. From mem
bers of the Senate in token of strict im
partiality, unfailing courtesy and unsur
passed wisdom and discretion, which in
the diacharee of his high office have en
deared him to the Senate, and earned for
him the gratitude of the American peo
ple."
The dinner service consists of a mag
nificent and artistic center pieoe, soup
tureen, vegetable dißhes, meat platter,
large pitchers, waiters, gravy bowls, etc.,
entirely covered with repousse work of
the most elegant character. The presen
tation speech was made by Hoar of Mass
achusetts followed by Gorman of Mary
laud. Senator Blackburn of Kentucky,
representing the State in which the Vice-
President was born, made a short speech,
as did also Senator Cullom, representing
the State from which the Vice-President
hails.
Mr. Stevenson was much moved by the
beautiful tribute.TEARING DOWN
A.3STI3
REBUILDING SALE !
THE HUB
MUST SLAUGHTER THEIR STOCK OF
MEN'S AND BOYS'
FINE CLOTHING
REGARDLESS OF ITS
ACTUAL COST.
SALE COMMENCES
TO-MORROW MORNING
AT 9 O'CLOCK.
OUR LANDLORD
GIVES US BUT 30 DAYS
TO UNLOAD OUR MAMMOTH STOCK.
A Merciless Slaughter of Values is the
only means left for us to do it, and
IT SHALL BE DONE!
TO WIT:
• Children's All-Wool Two-Piece Suits,
worth $5, $4 and $3.50, will be thrown
out at the gift price of
iPIiUJi
Boys' $8, $7 and $6.50 Long-Pants
Suits, in Latest Cut and Styles, must go at
$3.75.
■
Time and space will not permit us to
enumerate all the Tremendous Bargains
which will be dispensed by us during this
Great Compulsory Bona-Fide
Money-Losing Sale
ox* —
Men's and Boys' Finest Clothing!
OUR CREDIT BOOKS have been closed
and no goods will be charged to any one.
TO THE TRADED
All Goods Sold to Dealers will
be made strictly upon
"SPOT CASH TERMS."
T)URING THIS SALE
We will adhere to our old
Motto,
MONEY BACK
IF YOU WANT IT.
HAVING THE INDISPUTABLE REPUTATION OF CARRYING ONLY THE BEST AND MOST RELIABLE CLASS OF CLOTHING MADE IS A GUARANTEE THAT YOUR PURCHASE WILL PROVE SATISFACTORY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1897.
j^i^iiiiMiH^ I^^^^^K ijiiiuiilpM™ — ~
The following letter of ejectment from our
landlord tells the story:
San Francisco, February 25th, 1897.
Charles Keilus Esq., Pres't
The Hub Clothing Co.,
Dear Sir:-
We have concluded to rebuild our Building now occupied
by you and other tenants at the N. E. Corner of Kearny & Sutter
streets forthwith, and are compelled to request you to vacate
and remove your entire stock, chattels and fixtures from the
stores and basement now occupied by you on or before April Ist,
1897, so that we can turn said Building over to our Architects
and Contractors. We sincerely regret that we were unable to
give you an earlier notice of our intentions to Rebuild — but
circumstances over which we had no control necessitated the
delay until this late date, hence we could not have given you
an Earlier Notice to vacate. When our Palatial New Building is
ready for occupancy — next Fall — we would be much pleased to again
have you as tenants, as our past relations have been of the most
friendly nature. Trusting you will not be heavy losers by our
unavoidable short notice to vacate, we remain
Yours very truly,
ADAMS COMPANY,
THIS IS A TERRIBLE BLOW FOR US!
But we must stand up and "take our medicine" like men and
throw our
$250,000 STOCK!
OF THE FINEST CLOTHING OBTAINABLE AT THE FEET OF
THE CLOTHING-BUYING PUBLIC REGARDLESS OF COST,
LOSS OR WORTH. NOTHING SHALL BE SPARED. EVERY-
THING MUST GO AT LOWER PRICES THAN VENDERS OF
SHODDY GOODS NAME FOR THEIR CHEAPLY MADE AND
ILL-FITTING PLUNDER.
m^ --ii i 1 1 i i — i _ _ . . i - — -- — ..- - — - - ■■■■■■^, t
MANUFACTURERS OF FINE CLOTHING FOR MEN AND BOYS,
200-208 KEARNY STREET, CORNER SUTTER.
81-.XJE SIGHTS
G-R.E-A.T
TEARING DOWN
AND
REBUILDING SALE!
NEVER BEFORE
- WAS THERE SUCH A
GIGANTIC STOCK
OF
FINE, LATE-STYLE
CLOTHING
SACRIFICED AT SUCH
RUINOUS PRICES!
A 30-DAY MASSACRE
OF VALUES!
THE BEST CLOTHING ON EARTH AT
ABOUT HALF ITS ACTUAL VALUE,
No Fake Here!
We Mean Business!
Our Fine Late-Style Goods must be
converted into cash at once regardless of
loss.
Men's Richly Tailored Suits, worth
$12.50, must go with a jump at
$6.50.
Men's Stylish and Well-Made $4 and
$3.50 Trousers must waltz out this month
$1.95.
All our Men's Suits and Overcoats from
$15 to $50 will be sold at prices that'll
PARALYZE COMPETITORS!
And the effect of this great slaughter of
Rich, Stylish, High-Quality Clothing will
go thundering down the ages as the
GREATEST MONEY-LOSING SALE
IX THE HISTORY OF THE CLOTHING BUSINESS !
AN EXTRA FORCE OF POLITE SALESMEN
Will be on hand to serve our patrons
with dispatch.
" MAILORDERS
Will be honestly and conscien-
tiously filled until
WE QUIT
APRIL 1.
56
RAILWAY WAR
AT PASADENA
Rival Companies Fighting
for Possession of a
Street.
Large Force of Men Engaged
at Night in Laying
. • Rails.
Thoroughfare Seized Under a Fran
chise Believed to Hays Been
Forfeited.
PASADENA, Cal., Feb. 27.— The town
■is excited over the war between the elec
tric roads, which has taken a new turn to
night. ' The Pasadena and Pacific Com
pany, operating an electric line from
• Pasadena to Los Angeles and Santa
Monica, was granted franchises for a
number of branch lines in Pasadena two
'years ago when construction was begun.
These twve expired without being used.
The Terminal railroad has applied for a
■franchise and pprt of the route is on
Colorado s'.reet, which the old franchise
' Covered.
The old company suddenJy set a large
force of men at work building a line to
cover this ground, although by the terms
of the franchise its ripht had been for
feited. The Terminal got out an injunc
tion restraining the work, but it was dis
solved this evening and a big force is at
work again.
A largely attended mass-meeting was
held this evenin?. and it was unanimously
requested of the City Council that the old j
franchise be declared forfeited. The opin
ion of the citizens i.<? almost unanimous '
that the franchise should be sold to the |
highest bidder.
The ganc of men will work all night
and Sunday, and will probably have cars
running before the meeting of the City
Council on Monday.
IMPROVEMENTS IN SAUSALITO.
Unusual Activity in the Erection of New
Buildings and Construction of
Better Roads.
SAUSALITO, Cal., Feb. 27.— There is
quite a boom in the building line and in
street improvements in Sausalito.
The contract has been let for the Sausa
lito News' three-story brick building to be
erected on Water street. J. R. Folsom
will soon commence the erection of a
larg • residence building on Water street,
opposite the San Francisco Yacht Club
house.
C. H. Becker had surveyors at work to
day running lines and setting the grade
for a brick building which will be com
menced immediately. Workmen are en
gaged excavating on H. H. Noble's lot on
Water street for the erection of a hrick
. buildine.
Daniel Eustace has plans drawn for a
new residence on the corner of Third and
Richardson btreete. E. Wormuth has let.
a contract to add an additional story to
each of his four cottages on Caledonia
street.
The improvement of South Sausalito
under the ten years' bond system will
commence as soon as the law has been
■ complied with in regard to advertising.
A petition Is being circulated to be pre
sented to the Board of 1 own Trustees at
its meeting next Monday evening, asking
for the improvement of Princess street
under the ten-year bond system.
Workinirmen are engaged in construct
ing a main sewer leading into the bay on
Johnson street. Other improvements are
contemplated.
SAN RAFAEL CITY ELECTION.
Only Itaue Brought Forward That of
.Municipal Ownership of Water Worn*.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., ,Feb. 27-—
election for municipal officers, which will
be held in San Rafael during April,
'promises to be fought out on the question
of municipal ownershsp of works.
It is said that the organization which is
pressing this issue will leave no stone un
turned in its efforts to carry the day. It
will put a full ticket in the field and al- ,
ready the names of Elisha j Dubois and
Robert Scott bare '. been .brought forward
for the office of Trustees.
Others mentioned are Peter "Williams,
candidate for City Treasurer; T. H.
O'Connor, for Clerk; 8. P. Moorbead. for
Marshal; W. F. Dougherty, for City
Assessor, and Herbert de la Montanya, for
■ City Attorney. It is said that the present
officials also intend to enter the contest
for re-election.
Marin Life-Saving Station.
SAUSALITO, Cal., Feb. 27.— The Gov
ernment will shortly establish a life-sav
ing itation on the coast of Marin County.
Majorßlakeney.inspector of the life-saving
service, and Captain Colson. the superin
tendent, this week selected the site for the
new station. The location agreed upon is
at Point Bonita. This section of the coast
is a dangerous spot and at present there is
no life-saving station protecting the north
Eide of the Golden Gate.
&au»alito'i JArjhtt Broken.
SAUSALITO, Cal., Feb. 27. — Some
malicious person is causing the Satnalito
Electric Li>:ht Company considerable an
noyance and expense by breaKing the in
candescent globes whica serve to -light the
•treets. An effort will be made to detect
the culprits, ana the electric light com
pany has offered a liberal reward for in
formation leading to the culprits' arrest
and conviction.
SauMalilo't Art TroubUi.
. SAUSALITO, Cal., Feb. 27.— 0il has
been poured upon the troubled waters of
the art circles in Marin County. Charles
Burrey, who was accused by the Slinfceys
of taking two chromes lrom the Hotel
Sausalito, surrendered himself to Re
corder J. 1L Pryor to-day and his honor
immediately dismissed the case and Mr.
Burrey was thus held blameless.
Sautalito A»»ault Case.
SAUSALITO, Cal., Feb. 27.— Justice of
the Peace J. S. Bellrude to-day rendered a
decision in the case of the People against
B. A- Schloh, charged by Mayor Edwin
Lewis with assault. Judge Jielirude found
the defendant innocent and dismissed the
proceedings.
STANFORD'S ANNUAL.
The Student*' Publication la Ready for
the Press. - . . .
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., Feb.
27.— The '98 Annual is about ready for the
press, nearly all the contributions haying
been acted upon by the board of editors.
"Willisn H. Irwin, '98, won the prize for
the best story which is entitled, "In His
Sophomore Year." His brother, Wallace"
A. Irwin, '00, contributed the prize poem.
It is entitled "Slumber Song."
W. H. Irwin, '98, has gained quite a
reputation in college circles both as a poc
and story writer. He wrote one of the
most successful farces yet produced at
Stanford, "An Intercollegiate Affair."
The trne college spirit is reflected in all
his writings.
A special feature of the Annual will be
the art department. There will be several
full pace cuts. The "grinds'' this year
are said to be especially snappy.
LOS ANGELES' LABOR PROBLEM.
Relief Measures Dscussed at a Mass-
Meetmg cf the City's Unem
ployed.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. 27. — An
other big meeting of the unemployed of
this city and "visiting brethren" was held
on the Plaza this forenoon. An address
to Mayor Snyder, bristling with good sug
gestions, was read by 0. T. Fellows and
unanimously approved. The address was
in part as follows:
While we urge, first and foremost, the con
struction ol good roads to supply work at
once, we would strenuously impress upon you
the necessity of doing something that will be
permanent. We therefore advance these prac
tical measures:
That you form a municipal committee and
act as chairman thereof, composed of mem
b.-rs of the Council and citizens, some of
whom shall be representative workingmen.
That thit ••oinniitiee ascertain what cultiv
able lands arc now in the city's possession,
and, under proper management, parcel out
this land, supply tools to the men and suitable
dwelling accommodations.
That this land be dedicated to permanent
use as a municipal farm, or that your commit
tee take steps forthwith to procure, by the
purchase of ranches, land for this purpose.
The meeting, on adjournment, sent a
committee to Mayor Snyder, wno gave it
the following report:
I beg to report that I have arranged to call
a isast-mecting of our citizens st as early a
date as possible, in me largest hall available,
for the purpose of discuesiug lhe unemployed
questioa and arranging a practical plan for
the relief of the destitution now prevalent In
our city as a result of so many being without
employment.
I assure you, gentlemen, that I stand ready
at any time to aid you as best 1 can, for you
have my bearuelt sympatliy in the work you
have undertaken.
The Mayor staled that he would issue
a proclamation to the citizens next Tues
day morning setting forth the needs of the
unemployed with suggestions for relief,
and calling fur aid.
fell Under th* Wheels.
LOS aS'GELES, Cal., Feb. 27.— Leo
Schtenhans of San Francisco fell under a
train at Ravenna to-day while trying to
steal a ride. His right leg was run over.
He was brought to this city and the limb
was amputated below the knee. He was
sent home on a train to-nignt.
lnman» J-'rom. fast in?.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. 27.— Robert
Gardner, who claims ne fasted for fifty
five days, was sent to Highlands Asylum
to-day. He ij in a precarious condition
and is not likely to recover the use of iiis
d igestive organs.
ixeo Held for Murder.
LOS ANGELES. Cal,. Fet>. 27.— Manuel
Brown and William Warner (colored)
were held to answer without bail to-day
for the murder of Joseph Bellew a month
aeo. Brown was captured at Tucson,
Ariz.
Jlurbhardt'i Wound Troves Fatal.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. 27.— Max
Burkhardt, who attempted to commit
suicide a month ago by shooting himself
in the breast, died at the County Hospital
to-day.
WATSONVILLE DAMAGE SUIT.
Text of Judge Smith's Decision in the Case
Against the Beet Sugar
Company.
SANTA CRUZ,CAL.,Feb. 27.— 1n the mat
ter of the suit of James Struve aeainst the
Western Beet Sagar Company, wnich oc
cupied considerable time in tne Superior
Court in the early portion of this month
and which was dismissed upon the de
fendant's motion for nonsuit, Judge Smith
has filed his findings of fact, and from
them ihe following conclusions of law are
taken :
The plaintiff's first ana second causes of
action are barred by sections 338 and 343
of the Code of Civil Procedure; that
plaintiff has been guilty of £ross laches in
commencing suit; that defendant has ac
quired a prescriptive right to deposit com
plaint; tdat neither the pulp pile nor the
odor arising therelrom is a public or pri
vate nuisance; that defendant is entitled
to nonsuit and costs.
The suit was for $5000 damages to laud
and $15,000 damages to the personal com
fort of the plaintiff, resulting from the
dumping of pulp from the Watsonville
sugar factory on land adjoining Struve's
home. The evidence of only the plaint
iff's witnesses had been adduced when the
case was settled.
SUDDEN DEATH AT SANTA CRUZ.
Captain Georae XL Sugar Stricken by
XL'art ItiMente.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Feb. 27.— Captain
George H. Sagar fell from his carriage
this morning and died a few minutes
later. Death resulted from an attack of
heart disease. He was engaged in his du
ties as collector for the F. A. Hihn Com
pany, with which he had been for nearly
ten years, since bis retirement from the
position of manager of Goodall, Perkins &
Co.'s steamer business here.
Captain Sagar was well known as an
ocean steamship master at the Pacific
Coast ports, and had been a resident of
Santa Cruz for twenty years. He was
identified with the best interests of the
town, was one of the original volunteer
firemen and was a prominent Odd Fellow,
a Mason and a member of other fraternal
organizations. His widow an i two sons
and two daughters survive him. One of
his daughters resides in San Francisco. -
fatal Shooting at Cotnttoc/c.
VIRGINIA, Nev., Feb. 27.— George, the
13-year-old son of Georee J. D. King, a
prominent resident of Comstock, wat
fatally injured this afternoon by the dis
charge of a rifle.
The lad was with some companions on
the outskirts of tho town and bad the
rifle in his possession. He was gazing
into the muzzle when it was suddenly
discharged and the bullet entered his head
jui| beneath the left eye. He fell to the
ground exclaiming "I am shot." It is be
lieved the bullet entered the brain, and
the boy cannot live.
Gold in tttnilht Canyon.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., *eb. 27.—
Late mining developments, combined
with the recent litigation over the Wil
liams-Emiijh claim in Smiths Canyon,
have brought that young mining camp
prominently to the front.
To-dnv several parties went from here to
locate craims. Many claims have already
been staked out, and if the ledge is nearly
as valuable as the coecimens already as
sayed would indicate there wi.l be a re
vival in mining in Santa Barbara unsur
passed by that in any other locality in the
Slate.
San Xavier Indians Restless.
TUCSON, Ariz., Feb. 27.— The United
States Marshal has received orders to in
vestigate the Fapago Indians' movements
near here. , The Papagos from San
Xavier Mission bought several guns from
local dealers.
• Three Indians from the Mexican border
arrived on the reservation and spread the
news that the Mexicans were preparing to
cross the line to take the Papagos' stock.
The killing of Chief Pablo has also tended
to make them restless. }\ .-.
« • •
advances made on furniture ana piano*, with
or without removal. J. Xoonan, IVI7-102S Mission.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1897.
. . ' . •_;';■' ..■.''.'..' 1' .'...:.' : - SEW , TO-DAY— DRY GOODS. 1 ■■" .K'r""-''''" ' ' ■ . ?''.'; ■•':. v r.-.-^-w
>\ffl \\ f^ A Clean " U P In Domestf c Dep't A AP sl ßlillft|f"rt|| DB ||^l %%T% A clean ' U P in Veilin 9 s -
'iflf ; \:,/; ->3 C American Calicoes, light erounds, in R H L RI Em i S&. b4 1 \'A r> Fancy Silk Veilings, single width, in plain sni ./ IsV^^Si
V|jj > °i^ Btripet and figures; worth sc. | JP jlji 111 §■ ■■ Fi |%l ■ 1 1"^ 4 C and fancy nets, worth 15e. l/F'
/l/'H| i*\ )',,', A c American Dress Prints, in silver grays W*%. W " ff*Bi 1 i irt^ Fancy Silk Veilings, 14 to 18 inches \ \ Jwftfl Ml 't
y'jwlm/'m ft fi I' and dark colors; worm 6J^c 0 U ■■ ■U%p■ ■ V ■■ ■■ ■■ • ■H mi %& I l"w W ide, largo and small dots, worth 25c. 3xnM / t'
fiflß/Mlt Vl;} e r Indigo Blue Calicoes, best made; stripes, TU^nrrUnn++U ny, + !-« ««* i_ l• 1- x « ,C r Magpie Veilings, IS inches wide, black, !TTC;M
'ifl'fnlvn'im •'^ dots and figures; worth 7c. » rougnout the entire establishment preparatory ■ ii>c w nit and black and white, worth 35c. OfI^WJwJSJH
! lIVI YVmAlr Tennis Flannel. li^ht grinds, in pretty to OUr FORMAL SPRING OPENING. During the . Or L,« Edge Veils, ready to wear. French MW-MnWii
7| , -* 2 c striped de.ign^worth 7«c. past couple of months we have received a great ! vai lace on three sides, worth aso. W|W| ||
?^^^P\ 5C So°uU h e fle\ced' "ortu > i(t ! . <larkcolorillw many "drives" in all departments which we used " ffi^fiffl Hj
) i'W^n^f 1 Fieeced-back'^iTied wra n, o as " duU season ' 5 trade-winners. Here and there A Clean.Up in Lace V fc F^ffliSsMl
/// \'iVe 5 *7771 l V* \v- 1 /-' Fleecod-baclc Twilled Wrapper Cloth „ »-«^, 1 I !/-» +<> *- nn -.'- > :^. ■ T*t.^~   , . , * » ■ \i IW I rAjl^^lUul II
//////\\V^>f^sY^^ 7* c dark ground, floralpattcrns; worth 12'^c. Small IOtS remain. Those as Well aS the odds and 1 cr Butter-oolor Laces, pretty crochet designs, V lsy|wJ]y*^ Ear
)MWl!^3 *r D«- OinshamrTTandard.rade, pretty ends Of last SeaSOn'S stuffs must all gO this week. 5 "ptosinoh*. wormisjic. ;^j^^rS
Hm^^^ y They are marked at prices that will make them 7JcSJ^^S^S2S"wSIJSS«tSSB£"-'^^^^r
•^^^ 5c Ble-chedMuslin fuU yard wide, .oft go . This Week for bargains at .......: .. . I Bic8 i c oriental LBces.^e and butter colon,, "^
I:: ' /3 " i ■" ABU ' v*nitlfllAAAi"A %"• C7 3*' up to 6. Inches wide, worth 15e. i — - •
> ALEAK W>" !7 V Hemmed Pillow cases, bleached cotton, SAN FRANC SCO S CHEAPEST STORE Sc Cambric Edgln^Tnd Insertions, open' ACL^Up"
X j' l^ ready for use, 45x36 in.; worth 12^c. WFIiW I IiniiVIWVV Sf Vllblll V I Ullbi *> C work designs, worth up to 12>^c. I ■'.' ■ JBfa '•■
jab- *' lOf Potted Swisses for dresses, several dif- m r\i it ■ m i r\ '■";""- • m -■ • ■ \t\r Swiss Flounclngs, 27 inches wide, deep ) _J Jf <
>OTprjjj/i^ <• IUC ferentsizedotsj^vonh isc. A Clean-up in Cloak Department. A Clean-Up in Silk Department \ hemstitched bottom, worth 50c. j 4s3s&k- '
f \WWlM^ir i \An Unbleached Bed Sheeting, full 9-4 -> cr Scotch Plaid Flannelette Waists, made x Q r Satin Striped Gloria Silks in rich bright i "Xf\C B1 " ck Cocque Feather Boas, 23 inches . -^rfy
, \ ; !lrfsfci«aifl *t-^ wide, no dressing, worth 19c. -*£> w of pretty fleeced flannels in desirable • - /c " colorings lor waists, bright satin stripes " w long, ribbon ties, worth 75c. " MMsSlw • VPfTTt
i YVi^W.I colors; worth 75c. • and floral designs, worth 50c. "* • : . | /^iKmfJ/ \l\ll
' ! ' »M taxable Oilcloth-^inch wide white S^S^SdS^RSlff"^ *" 2Sa^^JS\Sg iSS '" ffi to HoS*?. I || MS
|K|l5CS^S^ — $ 3 . 05K J K»Kt 3 , c Black Figured^ in son uucrushable Sl^es^nd^^l^o^S J I 111181
If |JVU' OC B.eached Huck Towels, pure linen, ser^velm'coflar^^ock^^^^^^ SnTeS^S^c" 1 ' " d * "" l ° I M 'I fl RlB
fW—ll'i! A^T < I ' l ed or hemmed, worth 15c. $10. rlm t;^^ worm ouc. .c- Children's Heavy Cotton Ribbed Hose, l/W.I ifj |||Hl^^ >
I'l Or Brown Turkish Bath Towels, heavy «j «5 Ladies' Jackets, fancy black boucle 4OC Alusilk B !, ack , Brocades and Stripes for j double koees ' all sizes, worth 25c. \Jj Ml O§
-*PsA3^®. l l 1 ; IUC stiff double thread, worth 15c. 4>4»y^ and other rough suriace materials. 7 V w s"irts aud colored miroir moiro silks .&,'„ Ladies' Richelieu Ribbed Black Cot- isiiLulvllJSr^S
-33BSMJ 6hielcl fronl - buttons to the neck; worth $10. for WaiStS * nd trimmings, worth 75c. 1 6' 3 C tou liose, Hermf dorf dye, worth 25a -^VIV-J^ ...M^
"^m~" nrT^Sg*!" t 1 0r Turkey Red .Table Damask, fast color , — • ■ ' " i '--^-—^r^O^i^^
" jl'l "^^pr."i'l * -'^ 54 inches wide, worth 25c. ' - " w |- c Ladies' Heavyweight Black Cotton Hose -ggSg^^-p]^
c< — ", 21c Ge — LmeT^abie Damask, pure g^-(» ''" G/ove Department A Clean-Up in Dress Goods. 5 " zes ° and 932 -^' w ° rm2sc ' , V-^^^^-
' A CiM/i/^P I *'»*' linen, 52 inches wide, worth 3sc. m t «<i ieR 1 Rmm Kilt Mitts in nint n<r>,. t, . i IflC Men ' 8 Bla ck Cashmere Bocks, double^ 7, ';;
MK 2 up 1 9c t^s^-iiu^iwsiyffij i9c jsfdaad^^n^ri" 1^ i 9c 6Oles>hlgtl , pllce(llieel3fWortll2sc> >^ Mvp *
sr<\ ticket with each pair: worth 35c steel gray for outing suits. : » ij ■ 1 I HlhU.
? V^f {A Clean-Un in Drapery Dep't 60C Ladl £?,' Six-Button lentrthTrench Biar- -2 Qc Striped Boucle Suitings in two-toned A ClptM-Un in Mnclin Underwear, J | f*,
S LJ/ \ ' "lupfujr tscfj i. uyw rU2 Gloves, all sizes, in black, brown, oyc colors and Scotch Cheviots and Bourette vivun-up 111 mUSlin UnaenVear , <s» W^T/ 1
/^\\_J?N ' ->Q Chenille Table Covers, all colors., gray, red, navy blue, while and pearl. effects, all 36 to 46 inches wide. Dpnnntmpnt ''-?': b! TKfli I'ii^Cu 3^^
/ \) -PA?\,\ VC knotteu fringe* all around, worth 50c. ! lindies . Eight-Button length Puede Kid > nr Camel's Hair Suiting, lovely, two- ..,. , Uepartment. ! A'^^^^^flill \
/// V -//'Ai^/' v- : 7 ftr Todies' Eight-Bution length Suede Kid i ftr Camel's Hair Suitings, lovely, two- ,.,. , ... . /S^^^^fl il
A' J®^W''' A~~ 6-4 Chenille Table Covers rcversibl« '" Gloves. Mousquetaire styles, tans, 4V C toned silk mixed fabrics in the most EC chlldr f»s Woolen Knit Caps and Toques, vltl^M^'lfl
f^*5^STT7/ 4 9 C Patterns, heavy valance fringes modes, browns ' red and gray. fashionable colorings. ° l 5«- several different colors, worth 25c. | i||P§q |'jl'l
mJY^iwl WOrlh7s - " _ c Infants' Embroidered Black Silk and fef
f ■" ,' |Jt/75c!SSSa,SK!aj»JSSr inc '- * Cka "- U P '" "3 Department. A Clean-Up in Notion Department T.^ZTS^^^LJ HM
■7/ -7 l//~ T) i ■ Bell? Cologne, Urge trial bottles Re Darning Cotton, colors only, dozen car-is lc *»}»•' Lawn Aprons, lull s.ze, worth 35c i K^sl^aLJ'! fell 1 '"
,' /c^^^i A.Qr w hite Bed Quilts, heavy Marseilles pat- Machine Oil. pure ap<>rm, large uottle 5 C -American Pln», fu.i conn .a. 1 sizes j c ' !| /fe^Jll ■
S\ /fXt^^sCZ^i < nyt terns, finished all sides, worth 75c swan's Down l-ure Powder while aui pink.. 5c halftone i asm?, unite or black, piece :{ c fo^ Children's Calico and Duck Shirt Waists ' liiiltfll! It
(y[^ tK^jr^J /S. T... Brushes, white bristle, bo. .c handle... 5c Ho.k-.n i-Kye Tape, whi c> or drub, yard 3c »" C indigo blue ami lieht colors worth « /£%M&lu I In
I'vX.H^ 4 jr-TI \C\ Baby Brushes, soft white hair loc i'm Books, black and white mixed, each .'{c mmgu umo tmu-iigm colors, worm 35c. , /J^f^Wlfl Hi \ J
1 s/.W I f #-» Iy: • Atomizer, continuous flow, whte or colored.. ir>c JO c Hairpins, shel. or amber, i.oz n 5c i -> i\ r .v Catkin rnr«k- .v.. o=; oc M > IfrSnSSclM M I e»
i r^Uil Transparent Glycerine 6 cakes in box. 190 Wire « aim s. all sizes, doz.n paper, .-„■ OOC onWsno-i'wa Vst shanes- «nr^ 2?: /Wilß I ti
VJV li Ji^^J'-' y' " Florida Water, large-size bottles 35 C Ending Klboon>, colors, all silk, piew 5 O ". onl> t-vvaist Bliapea, worth ,ac. | Aff^^^ll f\] }
A Clean-Up in Knit Underwear. hD C l>rocesB B ««*-»"» j *» «*««» 15c bleeTe ' -ockueti. & a 3 , pair 7 c Qc Infants . coioTeT Broadcloth Booties OSri
|—■ 1 " — lOC Infants' White Merino Vests, wrapper — - - ' " " 4.^ and Juliettes^furjops. worth »L :, | jf^F^l »
MCLEAN Up- i y -^—u_the_wa down,- worth 25, A c/ean „ „ Sfati D t A Clean-Up in Lining Department $1-50 cs cr ryole S^n ft d^^ : >JK^Uif
flf} lOr Children's Camels' Hair and Natural .uto.atict.adPenCMeadiueach.....'.. 3c F^r Canjoi, l»,«« n , ng . or ar f! 19c mings, worth up to f3 50. hj til i S^\ "„
C^ 1 * . IyC Gray Undershiru , siae sl6 and 18 on lv Automatic Lead Pencfs, lead Jn each 3c Fib-r Chamois Interlining. Kenulne, yard.... .^l9c F ■ I I • VJr>% I
I ?T w- Jworth3scf * «'"»,»««ioMaiBOfliy l ; X- Rays, ■ n-w p ckenoy, lots oi fun i. 100 imitation. Hern g-bone iia r Cloth. yara.....3V30 • < ! l'/^~JI |i]| 'I
\ >^^s-J } . , . I Brownie Lunch Boxes, strap handle 8c | standard Lining Cambics, yard 3 8 /4C j C ll4A*iil If
i <%!■'¥/%*. /?i»^. _ T idiM' whiio Mori»«v .t. v« v .! .^ufr-iy Inkstand, with pen ruck 10c ; Douoie-fold >ilesias, black and colors, yard.. .6 V*o am ■ it ■ » - '^ '' ;>: "*. . / f /-r wE&llL. ' ' i R.
' v/VltM ' 2^C i'!i iJf« W «i lte Me rl Vests, high neck Note Pap r, Vi ream, weighs 1% pounds.... lOc f 11 * Unen Grass Cloth, black a id .olors, yd. 7 Vie A C/ean-UD //7 FanCY Good? ( ' /I** W^AWK ' 7
{//M •'•l#^JC : ° and long sleeves, worth 50c. box Papeierii:. 4 bheets paper, envelopes 100 bustle rdine, back and co or ,, yard..:... i v " e7U " V H '" ■'«"«'/ UUUUi>. ,i/^A f JT/B , W
V/W'?H /Tvf^ll^ ' • Copper Wire Pill«w-aJi»m Holdi-M 15c All-wool M.ree .&, bl*ck only, yard 3jc r%. •■ v.i • ' t> liA ' A if* /M \ lit
mMpmk- B^ l^^^^*^. ll^ """" Tollet ' per - 60 ° sheets ' 7 pkBB for " " 5C Gtnu>De French Half c ott " yard 19C | lOc s^^SwoS: frosted iy^¥^^i
/ )$ I ffltij,. 32 °" . '. "~" — ' • I lOr Fancy Celluloid Hair Ornaments, dag- ! /KTie^ll
V \I I ''J^?' 1 : — v ger shapes, imitation shell, worth 25c. / 1 /VSf i V?^- 1^ '/
\ \\\\mf( A Clean-Up in Handkerchiefs. , /T?y jm I^^^^. - a yKrV i>Ti/3ftr>«-r^V^S ! 10c Coi , n p p rs <Js, fancy leathers, decorated ' /■' I . I '• i'/
) X \ I*' /" Handkerchiefs. J /fft 9 A \ r^dl^ t -^^ /£* T -r^^r^-»^/V> and painted fronts, worth 25c. j/, J 1 j f A
/if V 1 \4!r 33 C Children's Colored Border Haodker- 'M V VV^ / V Mai tlit.Fm/^i^Mm/M§l 25C ■ 'mill shoes' 1 worlh s*oo.' °' Bags, latest ,| 'J! 'j w/ V
'If Vj7-U 03^ chiefs, fancy colored figures, worth 5c V\ # ifr si nk\A/' * * JkULAjk L JtjA 14. J j >matl shapes, worth 50c U | r
7 1 C Men's White Can7bric Lawn Handker. \ wj&^ WwWA MW W WWAW ft><ffl I , 25C C bu K' wort"h 50c iUCheS ■4 iL Jjl 'f 'f
*^ I j * chiefs, one-inch hemstitch, worth l'Ji- 3 c. m^Am k^TT\ f <"* ' iJ £\ WtIWJW Pr^»y buckles, worth 50c. Llff] r(^ 'W ' I
--** lA*^* 7 8 ! C Ladie '' Sca!loped~Edge Swiss Embroi d- 4V rr&D'DRS Q> l^i^ ItL C\ ft S^% 2^C f erlinsr Silv " Shirt- Waist Sets, link feJ—J_J^ /
°3^ cred Haudkerchiefs. worth 15c lj%VJr%?*' WWW W ♦ %WW>%4i/« wsth 50c *" collar " batton and stad «. j^^^^JOfe. '
FREE FIGHT AT SALINAS.
Drunken Roughs Attack a Wedding Anni
versary Parly and Hubs An
Vigorously Wielded.
SALINAS, Cal., Feb. 27.— The Grutli
Hotel was on "Wednesday night the scene
of a wedding pany which enaed in a most
peculiar and disastrous manner. A. Belli,
a Swiss and the proprietor of the hotel,
and his wife were celebrating the eigh
teenth anniversary of their marriage, and
the freedom of the house and all it con
tained was extended to all who counted
tntmselvea friends of the couple. About
12 o'clock, just when the merriment was
at its height," a party of men entered and
boisterously called for drinks. Belli
walked behind the bar and prepared to
give them their drinks free of cost, as he
had done for every one else that night,
when his wife ?Doke to him, telling him
not to give the liquor free and warning
turn that the men were there to make
trouble.
Belli then turned to the men and asked
who was i oing to pay for it, and, receivi ng
no answer, he refused to put up the drinks.
Then some one put a dog upon the bar
and when Belli pushed it off another of
the men tried to strike him over the head
with a demijohn of claret. Belli dodeed,
the demijohn came down on the counter,
and glass and wine flew over everything.
While this was going on Mrs. Belli was
having considerable trouble with another
of The men whom she had tried to put out
of the door. Belli came from behind the
bar to her assistance. Several of the men
seized him and he was rescued by his
Swiss friends.
The tight then became general, the
Swiss guests of the host taking part in hit
behalf, and beer-bottles and glasses flew
about in lively fashion. Three windows
were smashed before the men who began
the trouble could ba driven out, aim all
the rest of the windows were wrecked by
bricks and stones wnich the ejected ones
threw into the house. Nightwatchman
Condon, who tried to stop the brawl, was
soon silenced by a blaw in the neck from
a burly fist, and as no other officer ap
peared upon the scene the melee contin
ued undisturbed until all parties had bad
satisfaction.
Yesterday several arrests were made
and in the afternoon those in custody
were arraigned before Judge Road bouse
and ail pleaded not guilty. Their trial is
set for next Tuesday.
Murderer Seen in Aevada.
SAN DiEGO, Cal., Feb. 27.— A letter
was received here to-day which says:
Little Mouse, the half Dreed who mur
dered James 1* Steams and Munn Davis,
on the Colorado desert, January 28, has
been located with a band of Piute Indians
at the agency in Nevada. Ihe Pmte chief
refuses to give him up. Officer Harris,
who is at the bea I of the pursuing party,
wires that a demand for his extradition
on the charge of murder will be made im
mediately.
Kern Citizen* Protant.
BAKERSFIELD. Cal., Feb. 27.— A
number of protests against the proposi»
tion before the Legislature to create an
other Superior Judgeship lor this county
were circulated here to-day for signatures.
Only one man, it is reported, refused to
sign. The protests will be sent to Sacra
mento. Assemblyman Emmons, who is
engineering the measure, is being severely
censured.
SUICIDE AT STOCKTON.
- . - .-. , - _ - , ■ -
Jean nemos qurt J nds Him Life Hit m
< harg« of Shot.
STOCKTON, Cal., Feb. 27.— Friends of
Jean Bernosquet, a Frenchman, who has
ii?«d in * n«at l.tile cottage on Vine
street, in the northern portion of Stock
ton, went to his place to pay him a visit
this afternoon.
As they entered the place they saw Ber
nosquet lying in a pool of blood on the
floor. An investigation showed that he had
deliberately taken his life but a short time
before by -placing the mozzle of his shot
gun against his breast and discharging
the weaDon.
The charge entered above the heart.
The Coroner was notified and the body
was taken to the Morgue, where it now
lies, Peter Uernosquet, a brother who
lives in Oaklnnd and works in Butcher
town in Soath San Francisco, has been
notified.
Tne suicide was about 40 years old. xie
formerly worked in the tannery, but lost
his place and had been making his living
by peddling. The inquest will be veld to
morrow morning.
TO PLEAD FOR AN ALASKA OUTLAW
Judge Leisure of Portland Starts for
Juneau to Defend Murderer
Birch.
PORTLAND, Ok., Feb. 27— Judge John
C. Leisure of this city left to-night for
Juneau, Alaska, to defend Bob Birch, an
owner of very rich mining property, for
tho murder of Deputy Sheriff Wade.
About a year ago Birch was sentenced
to three years' imprisonment ana a fine
of $500 on the charge of mayhem. The
three Birch brothers engaged in a fight
with another two one night, and just as
Bob Birch's assailant was about to get the
better of him, Birch tried to bite the man's
nose ofl, and succeeded so well that the
assailant had good ground for a personal
damaze suit.
While in jail in Juneau waiting to bo
taken to the SiUa penitentiary Birch'a
friends broke into the prison and liber
ated him. The delivery was accom
plished quietly and without demonstra
tion. A Sheriff's posse was organized, and
shortly afterward started on a search for
Birch. He was located in a lonely cabin
in the mountains one night, as the fa
miliar story of tragedy run*. He is a des
perate man ana the deputies Knew it, so
they began snooting into the oabin, talc
in great chances on getting their man
alive. Birch opened his cabin door and
began to shoot with two revolvers. The
posse got such a hot reception that it re
treated.
Deputy Sheriff Wade was badly
wounded by a shot through the leg. He
was deserted by his treacherous associ
ates, who fled for their lives. Wade
crawled away some distance, crossed a lit
tle creek, and then sat up against a tree
to rest. When he was found a day or two
later he was frozen stiff in a sitting posi
tion against the tree. The rescuing party
came too late.
One of the strong points to be used by
the defense is that Birch did not Kill
Wade— that as a matter of fact Wade may
have frozen to death.
RIDDING FRESNO OF BURGLARS.
Two Man Recently' Arrested Confess to a
Number of Recent Midnight
Raids.
FRESNO. Cal.. Feb. 27. -When Officer
Anderson and Deputy Constable Albin
caucht Fred Slocum and George Howard
in the act oi looting Putigian's second
hand store on I street a few nights aeo
they made captures which prove to have
been very important.
It has been ascertained that these two
men were the perpetrators of recent burg
laries in this city which gave the officers
bo much concern, beoause of the ability of
the guilty p rsons to cover up tneir tracks
so successfully that no clew to their iden
tity rould bo found.
When Slocum and Howard were ar
rested Deputy Sheriffs Peck and Tiromins
began to suspect that they were cuilty of
other burglaries. Upon investigation the
officers became convinced of the fact.
They then went to Howard, and after
questioning him and telling aim what
evidence they ha i already obtained he
confessed that be an Slocum had looted
Dr. Bassin's drugstore, M. J. Aeuirre's
grocery at the corner of I and Ventura
streets, a meatshop on Blacfcstone avenue
and the Buckeye store.
It is probable that no charges will be
preferred against the two prisoners for
these burglaries. Slocum has already
been sentenced to prison for ten years, and
it is expected that Howard will also re
ceive a severe sentence on Monday.
The officers can learn nothing of the for
mer history of the two burglars. They ar
rived in the city a few weeks ago, but it
cannot be ascertained where they came
from.
MRS. MARTIN LOSES AT SAN JOSE.
Judge Lorigan Decides That She Cannot
Recover Jewels Filched From
Her.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 27.— The suit re
cently brought by Mrs. Caroline Folton
Martin of San Francisco to recover the
possession of $1500 worth of diamond jew
elry from Charles A. Armstrong of this
city was to-day decided in favor of the de
fendant by Judge Lorican.
The jewels were pledged to Armstrong
by Charles M. Comstoct, a sporty young
man from New York, who obtained them
from Mrs. Martiu under the pretence that
her attorneys wanted them to hypothe
cate in order to pay a street assessment
on some property belonging to her. Ac
cording to the decision, Mrs. Martin will
have to put up $1500 or go without her
jewelry.
FUNERAL OF MRS. MACKENZIE.
Services Conducted . by the Order of the
tastrrn Star.
SAN JOBE, Cal., Feb. 27.— The funeral
of Mrs. Marie H. S. Mackenzie, widow of
Donald Mackenzie, took place from the
family home, at 219 Guadalupe street,
this afternoon.
Impressive ceremonies were conducted
at the house by Rev. Drs. Dinsmore and
Andrew.*, and were attended by a large
number of friends. The floral offerings
were many and magnificent. The funeral
was largely attended. At the grave in
Oak Hill Cemetery services were con
ducted by the Order of the Eastern Star.
Mr?. Mackenzie was a native of Scotland
and 66 yeara of age. Bhe and her husband
settled in this city in 1855 and took an
active interest in all matters pertaining
to the advance of Santa Clara County.
She was prominent in society and church
work. Two sons and three daughters sur
vive her.
Declare* H*rsrlf Insolvent.
SAN JOSE, Cal.. Feb. 27.— Mary A.
Welch Bcnlly, who has been engaged in
fruit-growing, to-day filed a petition in
insolvency. Her liabilities amount to
112.621, mostly secured.
The aesets consist of a lot on San Fer
nando street, near Locust, valued at
$10,000, subject to a $7000 mortgage. The
principal creditors are the Hibernia Sav
ings Bank of San Francisco, $7000, and
John Stoct, $3500.
Dragged a Hortx to Death.
SAN JOBE, Cal , Feb. 27.— A complaint
was sworn out, this mominc against Mor
timer D. French, charging him with
cruelty tv animala. It is aliened that
French attempted to lead a horae, which
pulled bacfc. French, who was riding an
other horsf*. took a turn around the pom
mel and "snakea" the unwilling horse to
death.
WALLING CONFESSES.
A Minister's Efforts in Behalf of the Mur-
derer of fear/ Bryan of No
Avail.
GREENCASTLE, I.nd., Feb. 27.— The
Rev. J. A. Lee of Covington, Ky., confi
dential friend of Jackson and Walline, the
convicted murderers of Pearl Bryan, ar
rived here to-itay. He claimed to have a
full confession from Walling which he
wished to present to the Bryan family
and ask them to petition Governor Brad
ley to commute Walling's sentence to life
imprisonment. On bis way to the Bryan
homestead he was mf,t by Fred Bryan,
who very plainly told him he would have
to discontinue his mission, as the B yan
family would not consider the confession.
Rev. Mr, Lee gave up nis mission and re
turned to Ciacinnati this afternoon.
CINCINNATI. Ohio, Feb. 27.— The En
quirer has the following signed statement
of Scott Jackson, condemned to death for
the murder of Pearl Bryan :
"The trial was managed by Prosecutor
MIEW TO-DAT.
CHARLES LYONS, A LARGE IMPORTER OF WOOLENS.
\ —
Above is pictured Charles Lyons, a prominent San Fran- \
Cisco business man, who, while for many years a heavy importer
of foreign woolens, has built up in connection therewith what ia
undoubtedly the largest tailoring business on the Pacific Coast.
Mr. Lyons is known as the London Tailor, and his styles
are a true reflex of those prevailing in New York and the world's
metropolis.
Nelson, who conferred with Chief of Po
lice Dei£sch and Detectives Grim and Afc-
Dermott as to the testimony to be offered.
I could face my God nnd say that that
testimony was perjured. It showed upon
its face that it was, and no oetter instance
can be found than in the positive contra
dictions by unprejudiced persons of the
statements of r>oiice officers concerning
George H, Jackson's alleged identification
of me.
"The State's case was a manu'actured
one, without any real foundation what- .
ever. Any man cf intelligence who fol
lowed the ca*e knows taat I was not given
a fair trial. Facts which should have
been a part of the evidence were sup
pressed because they did not agree with
the perjured statements of policemen. I
am willing that this shall be published
over my signature. I may have to die.
but I do not have to fear to speak my mind
honestly. Respectfully,
"Fcott Jackson."
Snila front San liieqo
SAX DIEGO, Cal., Feb. 27.— The United
States gunboat Marion, Captain Green,
sailed at 4 p. m. direct for Honolulu, where
it will remain for five or six months. Tne
Philadelphia leaves on Tuesday for Gua
temala. ;■-■■' i -•? t ' V % * "■J SgyOAT FKBRUABY 28, lOT 7
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
• • Jo l ,^«£ urryhllß taod C*»arlea Montgomery
lor $1200 on a promissory note. 7
;. Maty B. McQulddy has been granted a dl
vx>ro«irom John McQuiddy for extreme cru
• e.lty.. • %
Spusa's concerts at the California Theater
7«**rday were warmly appreciated by a large
' Judie Baan WIU near the habeas corpus case
.of Attorney James L. Crlttenden next Friday
mormnfc.
The • CkflsUan Endeavorers will to-night
"tistOhlrftt!" 01 th * ■* rTlc B M theFlntßap.
Tbe Uie William Dolan left an estate worth
IIWWJO, Baraa Dolan hat applied lor letters
of administration.
iv^i I™'1 ™' Yemen, Mamie Soott, Estro, Lincoln
.U. Arundel and Magnet were the winners. at
ing leside yesterday.
*«rtly cloudy Sunday; generally without
.»»*nj probably colder Sunday evening— Local
..Fweb<Sst«r Hanimon.
■m& "Pop'iiy" social will be given in aid of the
wi convention by the Endeavoren of Calvary
Presbyterian Church.
The associated creditors of the City and '
County have addressed a communication to
the Beard »t Supervisors.
The next annual session of the Junior Order
of United American Mechanic* will be held in ,
bacraxaento next Tuesday.
.A chorus of 500 voices will be one of the i
features of tue exercises at the Pavilion the
<jv.aing.oi Si. Patrick's day.
The members of the League of the Cross will
to-day renew their pledges of temperance ami
'parade on Van Ness avenue.
Judge*' Seawell, Hunt and Slack yesterday
listened to argument in the application i< r
the- disbarment oi Cassius M. Jennings.
The local movement to aid Cuba has re- j
c».ve i a new impetus since the meeting o, me
M»;«r'n oommictee. Tuere will soon be a ,
]A<iM-meeUng.
The district committee appointed to canvass
smisome. street for funds 10 help the unem
ployed' collected mure thau $1000 In hall an
uour yesterday.
J. Koonan has sued Jennie Griffin for $300
due on a promisaor: note, with interest ai 5
per <.em c mo th, compounded montnly, from
August 7, 1895.
' At the flint bicycle meet ol the Academic
Athletic League, held at the Velodrome yes
"terd y, the Ci:a:apijnauip was won by "the
'Lowell iiign school..
l'aul Grave*, alias Milton Berry, was booked
„ yesfttsrday tor burglary, and to-morrow he will
be mhnled in the City Prison to Anna L. M.
btesn; 81U EM* street.
fctmiiord University in one of the first base*
— games it oat played this season, defruted
the Piute Indians yesterday at Central Park,
tile-score being 10 to 2.
.* Hundreds of the [xiendf of the Patine family
cat. cd at the residence yesterday to view the
remains oi the little boy.-, who were poisoned
bytue «iipposeU mnshroums.
■ John P. Hftgan of 33 South Park Is hovering
, 'between life and death >n the Receiving Hos- !
. pita.l and his you. g wile is detained in the
C.iiy Prison pending uevelupmeuts.
'Judge itanrs has under consideration a case
wmen is ime:ia<.U to test the right of a sailor
. ■.- sue the owners of a vessel for injuries re
c i-.-eu by him wni.e in tne discharge of his
, .'.' ies. . : -.-->..-- • •'*
•
.Judge Conlan. will ask the Grand Jury to
mv stigate the conduct of Frank H. Meatier,
« in- is surety on several Police Court bonus,
° \n.nout.' na-ving, it is said, the necessary
ricatioji. '
°*. ./The' new law requiring 1 divorced people to
\-syau a year before remarrying is expected
. tcr lncrease divorce litigation in the next two
rpoiitus that will elapse before the new law
"gi.rt's into effect.
a' mammoth intercollegiate concert and a
. deceive .intercollegiate baseball game, pnr
"Ucipaied in by Stanford and Berkeley, will be
•.•tne features of a university day on May 7, at
■' the carnival in this City.
"- -The.'barkeutlne W. H. Dimor.a arrived from
■Hawaii ; uuder a jury rudder yesterday. She
•trii-.ihe barks Ceylon «nt Mohican were
-caught in the same storm, but the barkentine
.was the greatest suff.Ter.
!• Collector of the Port Wise hug ordered that '
'•be-.*een $300,000 and $400,000 worth oi
. oj>m"m now in the bonded warehouses be held !
.tliere pending an investigation as to the
: . "legality .of its importation.
.' Anaenrika Dharmapala, secretary of the !
M&ha-Bodi Society of India, will lecture in
Native' sons'- Hall this evening under the
auspices of the Theosophical Society on
Buddhism and Christianity.
'. The heirs of the Adams estate have notified
their tenants in the building on the northeast
corner of Su-tter and Keamy streets to vacate |
by the Ist- of April, as extensive alterations '
are to be made in the building.
• ° 'A musicale and tea for the aid of the Cali
fornia Woman's Hospital was given at Charles
trucker's mansion on California street yester
. day, Vhe house being thrown open for the first
•time since Mrs. Crocker's death.
; > Two tree> Amended for Agent Center of the
.• Pacific Mail were cremated on the Mail dock
; "teste.rday. They came from Japan and the !
: cultural inspector found them to be in- '
.Vested with the most dangerous known pest.
"Tom (/Connor, aged 9. and Johnny Green,
.aged 12, were picked up in an open boat off
, Fort P.ojnt by the tug Redmond yesterday.
• Tnfcy had gone out for a row aid the ebb tide i
was carrying them out to sea when pic*, d up.
.; . •The Builders' Exchange will hold a special
meeting to-morrow for me purposp of prepar
; ing resolutions to forward with a memorial to ■
..vongro.'-s, aski.ig thMt the work on the new
rp«tomce building be begun as soon as pos
fcibie. " '
.* The miners of Circle City, by a unanimous
decision, recently oriered Thomas Ash br. a
tardy suitor, to immediately marry Mi«s Mary
Anderson and also pay her $500 in cash, or
pay a fine of $2000 and go to Jail a year.
Ashby cose tne lormer.
At a conference o! the Police Judges and a
commit lee of the Manufacturers and Pr -
ducers Association, neld in Justice ot the
Peace G:oezini{er's chambers yesterday an
undemanding was reached thai lv future a!;
•pure-food cases baull come beiore Judge Camp
bell.
B'Tiieley Had the greatest celebration yester
day. Governor Budd, members of the Board
of Regents, the faculty' healed by President
Kt>llo?K. representatives of the post gradu<teß
ana under graduates and the cadet btittnlion
participated. Soldiers ranrch' d, cannon
boomed and orators spoke lelicitou-iy.
NEW TO-DAT.
THE NEW SHIRT WAISTS |
ARE HERE,
I ' Misses' Shirt Waists, ' |
I 0L 45c and 65c. 1
I . d^f^^\ Ladies' Shirt Waists, I
§ • V? (irXj 50c to $4.00. I
■ • fjlrikw Percales, Lawns, Dimity, |j
riilvsslk Lappides, Grenadines. |
• ' ft p\ All Novelties for This Season. I
11 *'$'' MEJm Wk New Ca P e s. $15.00 to $40. 1
' 4iM^M^ New Jackets, $7.50 to $20.00. 1
. New Dresses, $15.00 to $40. i
SPECIAL SALE OF FALL JACKETS STILL GOING ON I
$2.50, $3.75 AND $5.00. 1
IMtl I V Q I IC DEC' Cloak — Suit tee, I
I/CI I V 0 I IC DEC Cloak and Suit House,
KtLLf aLltDtO ' 120KeamySt I
DAMAGED VESSELS
ARE COMING IN
They Were All Caught in
the Recent Heavy
Gale.
The W. H D mond Came in
From H noiUlu Wi h a
Jury Rudder.
Two Bg Trees, Import d From J pan,
Were Dsstroyed on the
Mail Dock
The storm that did so much damage
along the coast -eems to have been gen
eral as »li the Vessels now arriving from
Honolulu report unusually heavy weather
during the 17th, 18th and 19;;: inst. The
captain oi the barkent me W. H. Ditnond
said yesterday :
"We left Honolulu February 2 ana
had tine weather and smooth sea all the
way to longitude 133 dep. 10 mm. west and
latitude 37 deg. 19 mm. north. On
Wednesday the 17: inst. we got soni?
heavy hail squalls. In the afternoon
nude fas: all light canv.s, but at 5 p. m.,
ship in 132 (lev. 18 rain. w-st, 37 de«. 15
mm. north, carried away the rudder stock,
no an topmast staysail and lower topsail.
Made all sails fan exceDt a storm spanker
and gooswinged lower top-ail. Got the
vessel on the starboard tack; vessel labor
ing heavy all night and making four
inches of water ;er dour. Blowing a gale
all the nest day.
"At 3a. m Thursday last the small boat
was washed overboard and the rudder
carried away. Every movable on
deck also went overboar I. Kept blowing
a Kale for three days, and moderating some
on Sunday got the jury rudder shipped
! and msde sa:l for port."
Fair time was made from that time to
port ana ins Icirkentine got in yesterday
a;icr:ioon a lilt c he worse for wear, b*ut
still in the ring."
Tne barks Ceylon and Mohican were
both In the same gale, but while the
lormer lost a considerable portion of her
rail anil «ome o: her ouiwarks the Mohi
can escaped without any serious damage.
There will bean interesting race between
Whitehall boats from Meiggs v. barf to
morrow. W. at, Fitzeerald has put up a
purse of $25 for the winner and has also
promised a keg of b er to occupants of the
iast boat in. Tb? course is to be from
Mefggs wharf around Blossom Rock,
thence around Alcatraz Island and back
to the starting point.
The following men have entered their
bouts: James Parrel), Morris Beham,
Thomas Lunge, James Sennet, Thomas
Crowif-y. Dave Crowley, Thomas Hayden,
Gu> o'Connell and Joha Fitzgerald.* The
1 men have also made up a pool ot $45 of
which sum $30 goes to the winner, $.0 to
the second boat and $5 to the third. When
tbe remaining six boats find That t eir
chances of the money prizes are gone
there will be an interesting contest over
the attempi to get in last.
Tommy O'Connor who is aged 9 years,
and lives at 2120 Greenwich street, ana
Johnny Green of 1944 Filbert street, who
is aged 12 years, had a narrow escape
yesterday. They secur d a boat and
started out for a row. on the bay. The abb
tide caught them and the boat was being
carried out past Fort Point when Captain |
Dave S;ja-v in me tug Redmond saw them j
and went to the rescue. The lads had
given up rowing and were sitting in the
bottom of the bjat crying when picked
up.
A boat had been run out from tbe life
saving station, but when the n>eu yaw iii«
tug heading for the boys it was hauled
ashore again. The lads got a thorough
s.are. and were still crying when landed
at Vallejo-^treet wharf. The owner of the
boat was notified, and he recovered his
property later in the day.
The Dark Empire has been thoroughly
overhauled at the in-tan of :he insur
ance companies, and will now go to the
seawall to load lumber for Australia.
The iui» Active finally got the Norwe
gian bark Nordlyset out ot the mud in
Oakland Creek yesterday and towed her
over to this City. S c will tate in stiffen
in-.' and will tuen • o to Poit Costa to load
wheat. T-.e steam wha.er Alexander aiso
wa« towed out of Oak;and Creek and will
be tilted out for a cruise in the Arctic.
Tnere v.as « cremation on the Mail
dock yesterday. Agent Center of the Pa
ciljc Mail Company brought over :rom
Japan a tine peach and a handsome plum
tree. Tiiey both stood about eight feel
h;>:h. and wee appan-ntlv tine, healtby
s:ecimen«. When the Board oi Ho ticnl
lure quarantine itiioer came to iaspert
them, iiowere-r, he found them infeste 1
with t.'ie iliajiis amygdali pent, or the btijg
that wat recently discovered to have ai
tat-ked the ps::ch and plum trees of Wasn
ington, D. C. Mr. Craw attempted to
save the trees, but failed. He u-ed a
donbly stronp solution of the best known
lusectfeide, but it only killed 5 per cent oi
tl»e pe-a. Then hevu^ed a triple solution,
arvi managed to kill 7 per cent. Then lie
Kave up in despair, ami consigned the
trees to the furnace. Mr. Oraw considers
it the most dangerous pest in the world,
and is determined not to let it into Cali
fornia if he can help it.
"The people on the hill," as they are
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 38, 1897.
called in Sausalito, gave a dance in the
Pacific Yacht Club's boathouse in honor
of A. D. Sbepard, who leaves for the Orient
on the China next Friday night. The
United States steamer Petrel was illumin
ated in honor of the occasion, and her
search light was thrown on tbe clubhouse
and made the ballroom, which is nearly
all inclosed with glass, ac light as day.
When the dancers saw the effect of the
searchlight the other lights were turned
down and the programme went on under
the light supplied by Uncle Sam.
Monday me Petrel goes to Mare Island
and last night the young ladies of Sausa
lito gave a musicaie in honor of the offi
cers anvi also those on the McArthur, on
both of whicu vessels they have been fre
quently entertained of late.
The battle-ship Oregon will be open for
inspection to-day and tbe launch Amy
will run regularly to her from the Folsom
street .«:eps It is just a pleasant ride on
the ba/ to where the big ship lies and
should make a pleasant outing if the day
is tine.
MURDERER BUTLER'S TRAPS.
Justice of tbe Peace Bnrry Refuse* to
Interfere With Their Custody.
The incriminating evidence which But
ler, the murderer, brought to this City
from Australia will be taken back by the
detectives. Without this evidence his
conviction might be bnra to bring about.
Yesterday there was a battle over Butler's
efft-cts before Justice of the. Peace Barry.
Attorney Pidwell bad a bill of sale of
! th°se. Barry Baldwin had them In his
j possession.
Attorney Black and Stone appeared
! before Justice Barry in behalf of Pid well's
claim in tbe suit filei in the Ju-ticeV
Court.
Messrs. Knight and Cormac apprared
for tbe Unitpa States Maribal. Baldwin
was in court and took the stand a* a wit
ness to testify when he came into posses
sion o: the property in question.
Mr. B ark argued ingeniously. Mr.
Knight and Mr. Corrnac were emphatic.
Justiceßarry saw his way throutrh tiie l**gai
oifficulty and declined to run the risk of
putting himself in conflict with the
United States courts. "I do not see that
I have «ny jun«diction, J> he said, "»nJ
must th< refore dismiss the suit." The
costs of the suit must be paid by Butler's
attorneys.
TO ORGANIZE
AND AID CUBA
The Mayor's Committee
Will Arrange for a
Grand Meeting.
Interest in the Cause ot th; Op
pressed Grows in This
City Daily.
Many Letters Come F on Patriots Who
Are Ready to Fisbt for the
Little lsl".
There was more than the usual activity
at Cuban League headquarters yesterday,
o'ving to the impetus given the movement
on Friday night by tbe vigorous soeecbes
at the committee meeting at California
BalL
"There were many callers at the head
quarters to-aay," said Secretary Mascbe
rini, "and the mails brought as a flood of
symoatheiic letters. The movement is
like a rolling snowball, for it gain
strength at eacn revolution. People who
were timid at the outset now speak out
freely, an ! there is no doubt in our minds
that the vast masses of the people are
with Cuba neart and soul."
The 'ollowinp letter is a sample of the
general feeling throughout the country:
AiAMEDA, Oil., Feb. 20. 1897.
Faust Matchertni Esq., Secretary Cuban
League — Dear -ir: My sympathy uas been
w mi brave Cubn*>lnce the "beginning of her
straggle, and not only is it my wish to become
a member of your club, but to . tender my ser
vices also. 1 have considerable knowledge of
handling powder and have been for taveral
years engaged in mining, and if in my bum-
Die way i can help orave Cuba I am only too
willing to do so. Kesp.-c.tfu;:> yours.
William c. French.
Like many other letters the foregoing b
based on the misapprehension that the
league here is seeking to raise a troop ot
belligerents. The following letter from
Sacramento is more nearly in the spirit of
the movement:
Sacramento, Feb. 24.
Faiwt Mancherini, San Francittco—UEAß Sir: 1
wain to sign mysen a friend of Cuba and I
shall watch the papers with Interest for any
sign o( a moveine »t to give those struggling
people our moral support. I think it Is a gen
eral truth t'> «ay that most Americans are for
Cuba and its cause. I believe we ought to dc
v ive ways and means to look out for our rights,
for I cannot think the law against belliger
ency applies in any way against us, whatever
we do to save persecuted Americans
lam ready to shoulder a gun or give my
morn support to your cause «nd there are
many such in this part ot the country. Hin
cerely, John W. Hartley.
President Jones aud Secretary Mutcue
rini yesterday issued the following lener
of thai.ks to those who tiave helped them :
Headquarter 1 ; cvban League.)
Kan tRANCisco, FVb. 27. \
In the Dame of the local Cuban League we
desire to thank Hon. James D. Phe>au ana his
committee of representative citizens for the
part they have already taken in co-operatiou
with our crier to aid Cubs.
We thank all who have glren ns their time
and attention, ad we particularly thank The
Daily Call for i:s support of the league and
of the cause of Cubs. Respectfully,
John H. Jones, President.
Faust Mabcherivi, Secretary.
The subcommittees on halls and ar
rangements will meet at the Occidental
Hotel on Tuesday night and tne main
committee of fifteen will meet at the same
place on Wednesday night.
It is the intention of the promoters of
the movement to let a little time pass be
fore the mass-meeting, the date of which
will soon be agreed upon.
Kosher Meat.
In regard to certain remark! attributed to
Rabbi Nieto before the Beth Menacblm
Streisand congregation at the Minna-street
synagogue. in which he was reported to have
said that "beef killed by the authorized
slaughterer and stamped with his seal had
bceu condemned by the Meat Inspector as unfit
for human fo-d," . Rev. Mr. Gold in. Hebrew
controller of the killing and examination of
kosher meats, has received* the following
letter:
Unitkd state* Department of Aomicct- 1 )
TUBE, Bureau of animal Industry, >■
*«-b. 23, J!?97. )
Rev. Mr. Ooldin-'iin: Since the establishment
01 • -Cover; m«"iit lnsp» ction" at ibis point we have
Dot had occas.on to condemn any ■■koxher cattle"
ki!,-d in any abattoir where we have jurisdiction.
Kespectfully, ■ •iKOßaic a. lakkr,
Inspector In Charge, San Francisco, Cil.
Arrival.
Bananas by millions; limes, lemons,
orange?, nuts, dates, etc., to Luke O.
Sresovich <fr Co.
SI Perkins.
The Bush-street Theater is to have an iter
esiing comedy on the boards Ci>mniencin t to
morrow. The Eastern success, 8i Perkins, Is to
be produced »nd patrons are promised an
amusing entertainment of a chaste and whole
some nature. The play is said to be a truthful
portrayal of "down-East" character.
Between Townsend's Glace FruH— grown
and prepared in Califoruin— and all others,
comparison is really »b<urd ; 50 • lb. in elegant
fire-eichtid bxb. Try them. Palace Hotel bldg.»
SUBSCRIPTIONS
ARE POURING IN
Merchants Immediately Re
spond to the Call for
Help.
More Than One Thousand Dollars
Collected in Half an
Hour.
A Hundred Fami ies Ar. Now Sup.
ported by the Ors^n'zition of
the Unt-m ployed.
The funds in the hands of Daniel Meyer,
216 Pi tie street, for the relief of the r.nem
plovrd up to date amount to $2296 50.
Dis'.nct committee 4, who=e sphere o' ac
tivity include-' Sansome street from Mar
ket north, began the work of soliciting
subscriptions yesterday and in the course
of a halt hour collected $1150. Lipman
Sachs, the chairman of this committee,
says that in no instance was an applica
tion refiiTil and the low st subscription
on the \i-\ wbss2s. "I feel convinced,"
sai<t Mr. .S.icli-, "that we shall have no
difficulty in raising a« much as $100,000 for
the boulevard undertaking."
It is rlso well to remember that the re
sult of yesterday's work furnishes no
measure of what may be accomplished
hereafter, beceuse the majority of the
\ large business houses close on Saturday
afternoon, especially in the district ex
ploited by Mr. Sachs and his colleaenes,
and those gentlemen therefore bad no
time to make more than a superficial 'can
vas-. The following were among ester
day's contributions:
Murphy. Grant * Co 9150
Sachs Bro«. ft Co 100
H. S. Crocker £ Co too
Neusindt-r r.ro« 100
Charles Ro»«>nfeld & Son* 100
Slebe llro*. A Placeman 100
San Francisco Brewers' Company., lot)
ISluke, Moffat & Tovrne ion
G. W. McN'ear .-.»
Lewi* Mr ycr<ti-in St < 0 5O
Henry McLuttghlin & Co 50
X C. Kvans 25
Cunni chum, Curtiss & Welch 25
Other unsolicited subscriptions were:
H. Scliu.ilrr •100
D Meyer IO
Mm. .V. I.unple-T It)
S- D 20
Wheelmen of Selby Smelting- and
Lead Company 8
There were few changes of importance
in the situation at the armory yesterday,
although the otitsite applu talons lor re
lief are continually increasing and tbe
resources of the organization are taxed to
the utmost in ortter to keep pace with
them. Five minutes devoted to the in
spection of the work of the family relief
committee is calculated to satisfy any ob
server that the i revailing distress has not
been exaggerated. Tiie utmost care is
taken to guard a?ain«t imposition, and
every applicant is subjected to a searching
cross-examination. If an applicant's re
plies are suiislactory to tbe committee be
is given an order for the required supplies
in the shape of food or clotning, and the
committee call« the next case.
The majority of the applications are for
clothing, and all contributions of this
kind for men and women, children and
adults, will be gratefully accepted. This
portion of the stock on hand, it may be
said, is almost depleted.
In addition to the sixty-three families
previous y rec< rded, tickets were issued
yes erday for the relief of forty others.
The commissariat department allows
tbe loilowing to a family of five as a
week's supply:
Nine ponnds of potatoes. 2'^ pounds of on
ioni, 4}s pound- of meat, 1^ pounos of sugar.
12 pounds oi flour, *), of a pound nt coffee, 8
loaves of bread, 1 ,', u und of tea. S 1 ; pound* of
beans, 2 pounds of bxcon, 3 pounds ot dried
fruit, 2 bars oi soar, 1 box of breakfast oat
meal, 1 box of crackers.
The quantity supplied varies of course
as ttie number of a family rises above or
falls below that average.
Many applications are for medical as
sistance. One woman was sent to :he
polyclinic at 644 Mission street yester lay
and half a dozen m«>n to Dr. Bonen's
offices. The Health Officer was notified of
a serious case at 607 Pine street, and on
Friday night another man was removed
to the Receiving Hospital.
The commissariat wagon made its usual
round and returned laden with the fol
lowing:
Two sacks of potatoes, box of macaroni, sack
of prunes, sack of dried apples, sact of corn
nieal, 2 sacks of flour. 8 sides of bacon, 2
hams, 5 cans of oysters, 3 cans of salmon, sack
of beans, 10 pounds of ciff--*, 4 nhaMci. 3
boxes of tea, half a head eherse, 70 pounds of
beei from the Gulden Kule restaurant, 7 ! ,
pounds of tea, box of fresh iisb, .sack of clothe*
from 605 Kilis street; bedclothes, ladies'
cloth-, ladies hat and 10 pounds of flour
from 424 Post street; basket of ladies' clothe*,
box cf prunes and 2 additional >acks of flour,
one contributed by the Bakers' Union.
It was estimated that the supply on
hand would last until Monday morning.
Steady work was lound for four men
yesterday and 44 others earned 25 cents
each in the morning removing furniture
from McDowell's dressmaking school, at
G36 Market street, to new premises on Post
street, and two of the men ho employed
secured carpenter's work at $2 50 a day.
£. D. Leavitt, manager of toe San Fran
uiaco Amusement Bureau, has offered to
uire the unemployed a benefit entertain
ment if they can succeed in procuring a
hall or theater for the put pose.
He has generously undertaken to supply
all the talent and pay for all the advertis
ing. He wa< accorded a unanimous vote
of thanks and bis offer will probably bear
fruit.
A meeting of all the committee;, dis
trict, apeciaJ, ft nance and executive, has
been called for 10-roorrow afternoon at 3
o'clock in the Chamber of Commerce Hall.
Baseball for Unemployed Fund
The San Fr»nci-»ccf Dry-Goods Commer
cial Baseball League will open it" «e:i«on
next Sunday afieruoon at the Folsom
street groun.ls. The first game, which
will be between the Newman & Lov ■* >n
ternn and the J. J. O'Bn«-n & Co. tram,
will be a benefit to the unemployed. The
league is composed of six club«, from the
following firms: O'Connor, >]. ffatt <fc Co.,
Newman & Lerison. Kohlberg. Str.tuss <fc
Frohman, J. J. O'Brien & Co., Hale Bros.,
White House. The eniire six eiob*. in
full uniform, purpose to parade next Sun
day from Union square to Kearny street,
t nonce to Market, out to Eighth and along
FoNom to the grounds, at the corner of
Sixteenth street.
Efforts will be exerted to make the pro
ceeds from the sale of tickets a larjn con
tribution to the unemployed fund. Tickets
wiilbeput on sale to-morrow at all dry
goods stores and at other favorable place?.
Red Man to Ha p the Needy.
The Improved Order of Red Men has de
cided to assist the unemployed. Under
the auspices of tne various local tribes
Profe*sor Frank J. Polly of Stanford Uni
versity will, on the 24th of March, deliver
a lecture in Metropolitan Hail on "The
Aborigines of ttie American Continent,"
and the proceeds will be donated to the
boulevard fund for the relief of the un
employed. ______________
I . V. Won at Baseball.
The baseball game at Berkeley yesterday be-
tween the University of California and the
Olympic Club resulted in a victory ior the
University Club by a score of 12 to 5.
ABANDONED A CHILD.
Mr. and Sirs. Coroahrem DigooTer a
Pretty Little Girl Baby on Their
l>oor»top.
Henry Cornahrens and his wife, who re
side at 620 Sterner street, were the recip
ients laat evening of an unwelcome dona
tion, albeit the gift was such as in any
well-regulated household where it be
longed would bs priceless. The gift in
question was nothing less than a beautiful
year-old baby, which Mr. and Mrs. Cor
nahrens found on their doorstep upon
their return to their residence at 11 o'clock
last night
The iciild was well dressed but was not
sufficiently protected from the cold and
must have suffered if it was long upon the
steps before its discovery. A handker
chief was tied around the child's lees to
prevent it from crawling away, but there
was no note or any possible clew to the
identi y of the child's unnatural parents.
Mr. and Mrs. Cornabrens had no use for
the child and promptly notified the Cen
tral police station of their find. A patrol
wagon was sent to their relief and the
baby wan tntcen to the Receiving Hospital,
w ere it remains.
Carrier- Pigeon Prize- Winner*.
A special meeting of the Pacific Coast Pigeon
Society was held last evening at 632 Market
street for the purposed receiving the report
of the committee appointed to settle the dis
pute arising out of the Sacramento races held
on January 10. Those present were: Dr.
Bryan, A. Carlisle, Mr. Welch, H. E. Curzoni,
J. Moie,E. Q. Koeuig, ti. W. Lieydecker, G. b.
Bassford and G. T. Marsh. The committee
awarded to Dr. W. S. George of Antioch the
first prize, a beautiful silver cup, presented by
(ieorge H. Croley. G. S. Bassford was awarded
the second prize, a gold medal. The third
prize, a gold medal, was declared not won, as
no time was kept on the arrival of the others'
carriers at their cotes. The dispute as to tn«
winners of the first and second prizes was
caused by a deiay in the delivery of telegrams
alter the birds' flight irom Sacramento.
COLLEGIANS BEAT
NEVADA INDIANS
Stanford's Baseball Nine
Outclasses the Piute
Team.
A Giant Young Pitch?r oi
Promise Among New Palo
Alto Players.
Ten to Two the Score and Red M n
Aid d by a Prcfesnonal
Battery.
Stanford University defeated the Piute
Indians of Nevada at baseball yesterday
afiernoon on the Central Park grounds.
The score was 10 to 2.
It was practically the openiag game of
the season for the univeisity team, a test
of the ability of the material that after
over a month's more careful training
under Co <eh "Bill" Lance will meet the
University of California nine in the annual
championship series of three matches. To
the Indians, however, it was an old story,
for they- have been playing together as a
team for several months ana have been
in many games while traveling under the
management of wbiie men.
After this explanation of the status of
the two teams it is not unfair to say that
the Piutes play a game of ball that might
be creditable to a lot of Chinamen.
As base runners and fielders they are,
generally speaking, awkward and unskill
ful, and scarcely approximate the ease
and swiftness often attributed to young
men of their race. Had it not been for
the material assistance of two wi.ite men,
a professional catcher and a professional
pitcher, whom the Stan'ord manager pro
tested to protect the amateur standing of
the collegians, the Indian team might not
have ruude so gocd a showing compara
tively as the score indicates.
Sixteen errors by the Indians and five
by the collegians tell the story. Only
one Indian made no errors. One Stan
ford man. Sharp, the third b<:s-m»n,
made four of the tive credited to his team.
His playing both in the field and at the
bat indicated that, although he was on
the Varsity last year, he is the weak man
of the team at present.
The wort of Beckett, the freshman
pitcher, was commendable. He struck
out ten men, gave only two bases on balls,
and aliowed but four hits off his delivery,
two of the hits being secured by the white
professional players, one of whom is from
the Philadelphia team and is coaching the
Piutes and lending his services behind the
bat whenever there is an opportunity,
very evidently contrary to pure amateur
principle?. In Beckett Stanford probably
baa found a man to take the place of
"Billy " McLain, the veteran Varsity
pitcher, who, having served four years, is
no longer eligible to the team according to
the existing intercollegiate agreement.
In the sixth inning Beckett fanned the
side out in one- two-three order. Captain
Thompson and young Clemans are also
among the possibilities for the pitcher's
position, which has been considered the
only hard place to fill in this year's Stan
ford team.
Beckett, the pitcher; Young, the first
baseman, and Freeman, the center-fielder,
are a noticeable -trio of giant young
athletes among the Stanford players.
| E ten is over 6 feet 2 inches in height and
weighs close to 200 pounds. All are foot
ball players. Beckett was guard on the
freshman team that de.eaied the Berke
ley freshmen. Yonng sings bass in the
Gee Club. Freeman is one of the Stan
ford, the intercollegiate and Southern
California team-.' champions in doubles.
Among the new men are Ciaire Strohn,
who playe<l tirst base for the coast cham
pion Tufts-Lyons team, and Loughead,
who was shortstop for that team. Both
are Los Angeles boys.
In Thompson, Wight and Strohn Stan
ford appear-, to hure three reliable batters.
Young is the heaviest hitter ot the team,
but like many home-run men his long
I Hies often fall into the hands of distant
tieldrn.
Jeft* is an unusually lively man behind
I the bat and is sure on all sorts of fouls.
i lie wa- quick as an end rush on the Var
■ sky football team and be is quick as a
baseman.
As a team the Stanford players of this
sea-nn eive promise of better per'orrn
NEW TO-DA.T.
Do you or do you nut
want Schilling s Best tea ?
Your grocer, has it or car
get it. ,
He will give you your
money back if you don't
like it.
A S"fci!lii»u ft Company
ban Francisco C 49
NEW TODAY
i; Sweetness and Light, ■: a
. Put a pill in the pulpit if you want practical ilp
M^jk preaching for the physical man ; then put the /^v
ip pill in the pillory if it does not practise what it
{mm preaches. There's a whole gospel in Ayer's Up
J||| Sugar Coated Pills a "gospel of sweetness /f^
"w and light." People used to value their physic, HP
l|P as they did their religion,— by its bitterness.
]||js The more bitter the dose the better the doctor.
We've got over that. We take "sugar in ours"— HP
gospel or physio— now-a-days. It's possible to |j|
/spsv please and to purge at the same time. There !pkf
1^ may be power in a pleasant pill. That is the HP
|||| gospel of ■ /^p|
• ■ gospel of Cathartic Pills. •
Ayer's Cathartic Pills. #
\!g|g? More pill particulars in Ayer's Cv rebook, too pages. \|§ii/
jj^L • Sent free. J. C. Ayer Co., Lowell, Mass. *
ances than tbe Vanity nine of '96 that had
MrLaine for pitcher. They appear, how
ever, a little too careless in base-running.
Tnree times the Indians were ab.e to
double them up.
The game wns witnessed by a small
crowd, the sympathies of which were with
the Indians. Youthful rooters took par
ticular dehsht in remarking suggestively
upon the length of Left-fielder Wight's
hair. The Indian woman an<l her
pnpoose, the team's mascot, occupied a
conspicuous place in the grand stand.
For the first time since their arrival in
the State the P.utes played under their
Christian names.
The details of the game are given in the
following official record:
V TAN-FOHDS. AB. B. BH. S.B. P.O. A. K.
Strohn, a b 4 2 0 2 5 0 0
Longhed.ss. 5 2 0 1111
Sharp. 3 b 5 0 0 0 114
J*tts,c 3 0 1 0 13 1 0
Yonn*. 1 b 4 10 0 5 2 0
Wl-ht, 1. f 4 2 11110
Thompson r. f....... 4 2 110 0 0
tret-man, c, f 3 10 0 0 0 0
B-*k«:t, p 4 0 10 ISO
damans, c. I 10 0 0 0 0 0
Total 37 10 4 6 27 ~B ~5
Pi dte Indians, ab. b. bk. a. b. po. a. b
Evans. 3 b 4 1 1 1 1 3 O
Rhoies. c. f 4 0 0 0 0 0 1
McCarthy, p.* S 0 1 1 0 2
Mem--, c 3 1116 11
Louis James, 1 b... 4 0 0 0 9
Ben 15*11. 2 D 4 0 0 0 5 4 4
Wlliis Attic. 1. f.... 3 0 10 0 0
Joe i,r*en. ss 3 0 0 0 2 3 5
J. Bowman, r. t.... 2 0 0 O 0 0 1
Aqu»tira, r. f 2 0 0 0 10 1
Total 32 2 4 3 24 14 16
BY ISSISKi
Stanford* 1 4 0 0 4 1 0 0 •— lO
Base hits 0 2011000*— 4
Ptme Indiana 0 0011000 o—2
Base hits , 1 00 2 1000 o—4
Sacrifice hits— Jo« Ore«n, Rhodes. Louis James
Sharp. First base on errors— rtute Indians 3,
SMauf rd L Diversity 13. first base on called balls
VPiu:e)indl»ns T. Stanford I'mversity 3 Left on
ba^es-Piute Indians 6, Stanford Universiiv 3.
Strucjc out— Py Btcltett 10. by McCarthys. * Hit
by pitcher— Me ar hy, Joe Gieen. Doubfe pia s—
Jo*- liieen to Louis James, Evans to Ben Ball,
Wight to Slrohn. Jop (jreen to Mertes to 1 ouls
James. Passed b .Us— J-ffs 1. Merit s2. Time
ot game. 1 hour and 45 minutes. Umpire. Me-
Doua d
UNIVERSITY DAY.
Stanford and Berkeley Musical
Clubs to Combine for Carni
val Hera In May.
Stanford and Berkeley have agreed
upon May 7 as a University day in
which the students of both institutions
will participate at the Golden Gate Carni
val in this City.
The features of the occasion will be an
intercollegiate baseball game in the after
noon and a mammoth concert in the
evening, in which the combined musical
clubs of both universities are to partici
pate.
This concert will be the biggest musical
performance ever given by two universi
ties. Stanford will be represented by
about forty collegians from the elee,
■: "__. HEW TO-DAY.
A DOCTOR^
WHO VISITS
EVERY HOME.
You will naturally wonder how a physician can visit every
household throughout the country. He does it in this way :
This little article goes into every home, and through it Doctor
Cook speaks to every family. He speaks to you. He asks you,
in sacred confidence, the following questions, which you will do
well to answer in person or by letter :
MEN.
Are you weak ?
Is your sleep refreshing?
Do you have emissions?
Have you day losses?
Do you have pimples?
Do you shan society?
Are you lacking in self-confidence?
Do you have dizziness?
Are your thoughts gloomy?
Is your memory poor?
Have you weak back?
Do your kidneys pain ?
Have yon exhausted your vitality?
Are you sexually weak?
Do you contemplate marriage?
Are you nt for matrimony ? I
As these symptoms become more prominent the power of
manhood and the beauty of womanhood disappear. Try and get
back what you have lost. Explain your condition to Doctor
Cook, who is recognized everywhere as the greatest living
specialist on all sexual diseases of both men and women.
Doctor Cook //^/^^^^^\, % Bail Treatment
Is also an exDert on , // yffllnMJffl' \ \v Absolutely perfect
Gonorrhoea, Strlc- // /»!»»!?*? \ \V anc ' always satisfac-
ture, Syphilis, Vari- Jl WigvJK?} \ \V tory ' Therefore
cocele, Hydrocele, */ . y]£jzA%£ \\ write to the doctor if
Piles, Rupture, // »Iriv»% ■^vi?~y£pv k \\ you cannot call upon
Rheumatism, Oa- \\ Jaiivfiti r^*^ \1 II him.
tarrh, Blood and ' R^-iL / C+±\\ FREE BOOK on
.Skin Diseases, and 1 Q^-^*? I i^M^^r // nervous and sexual
Disease" of the Eye, \\ ! 1 *! /l *§s&* // diseases to all, de-
Ear, Brain, Nose, \\ T *fiP'n&Ps§r3& I scribing their trou-
Throat, Heart, \\ J\-wM?&>/l}vZ II b es -
Lungs, Liver, Stom- Vv A N*ii^ v f.,»iiiWr // ■ Office hoars: 9 to
ach. Kidneys. Bind- NS. V^v ff^E^'r // 12 A - M - 2to 5 and
der and Urinary Or- V^aKlft^J fc^y-j/' V // 7 ;o 8 p. m. Sundays,
gans. ' xwt'^Vl^aP rfcs 10 t0 12 A - M * onl
r> oo"r o rt cook,
865 MARKET STREET, SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
■ (Opposite Baldwin Hotel). •
mandolin and banjo clubs. At presen
these clubs are practicing faithfully
Tney haye already reached a high itaa
dard.
The Stanford Glee and Mandolin clubs
have given more concerts this college
year than were given by their predecessor!
during any of the three preceding year*.
Tneir most recent concerts were at Red
wood and at San Jose.
The intercollegiate baseball game will
be the hnal of the three to determine this
year's championship. Since Stanford
University opened in 1891, her baseball
teams have played fourteen games with
the University of California and have lost
but two. one in last year's series and one
in t.he series of 1593, but have always Held
the championship.
THE CITY'S CREDITORS.
An Address to the Board of Su
pervisors Has Been For
mulated
A Proposed Amendment to the Const!*
tuticn of the State Is Urged
for Passag?.
The Associated Creditors of the City
ana County have taken steps to call
forcibly to the attention of the Board of
Supervisors their claims by address intr a
communication to the board, which was
hied with the clerk of the board yester
day. This communication is signed Dy J.
P. Le Count as chairman of the creditors.
The text is as follows:
A resolution providing for an amendment to
the constitution of this State under the term*
of which "Sin Francisco may at any time pay
the unpaid claims for material furnished and
work done lor said City and County during
the forty-third and forty-fourth fiscalyear," is
now before the Legislature ar.d coming on in
regular course for consideration by the Senate
and Assembly.
We call upon every creditor of the City to
make written request of the representatives In
the Legislature of his Senate nnd Assembly
districts to urge and vote for this reso.utioin
Make the same request of any other members
of the Legislature from any part of the State
and do nil that is in your power to secure the
adoption of this resolution.
It is tm last .iope of the creditors of trie
City and County of San Francisco. We know
that the resolution will have some stanch
supporters both in the Senate aud Assembly,
but we need your co-operation and our repre
sentatives in the Legia'amre want the moral
encouragement which your letters will eive
them. A tew lines to the point, mailed at th«
expense of only a moment's time, may help to
esiablisn the result tor which we nave wonted,
unceasingly for some time past. Get your
frlenas to write. Bring all the influence pos
sible to bear. Such an opportunity as is now
before us may not present itself again.
9 WOMEN.
Is your natural sickness easy?
Is it regular?
Hare you periodical headaches?
Do you hare bearing-down pains?
Do you feel tired or languid?
Is your womb disarranged?
Is your complexion sallow?
Are you subject to dizzy spells?
Are you constipated?
Are you losing your appetite?
Have you ringing in tne ears?
Have you leucorrhoeil discbarges?
Are yonr nerves unstrung?
Have you hysteria?
Is your sleep sound?
s> Do you have cold feet?
78
JEFFRIES
SURPRISES
CORBETT
Gets the Champion Into a
Corner and Forces Him
to Clinch.
BRADY EXPRESSES SOME
ALARM.
Says the San Franciscan Is Not
Shifty Enough cf Foot,
But—
PERHAPS HE IS TALKING TO
GET ODDS.
Fitzsimmons, Armed With a Shotgun,
Sallies Forth in Quest of
Jackrabbits.
CARSON, Nev., Feb. 27. — JacKrabbit
huntiDg has been adopted by Bob Fitz
simmons as a new and snecial feature of
his training routine. Bob never boasted
that he was a phenomenon with a shot
gun, but somebody told him that in Ne
vada all one had to do was to shut his
eyes and blaze away, then go out and
. gather the slain memhersof the long-eared
fraternity frequenting the sagebrush.
Nothing would do him to-day but to eallv
fortii for slaughter. Dan Hickey and
Btelzner, the Cornishman's sparring part
ners, were ordered out to shoulder shot
guns which Bob had borrowed in the
■ neighborhood, while Ernest Roeber, the
wrestler, brought up the rear with a ciub
and Fitzsimmons' Qreat Dane, Yarum.
''This affair is to be exclusive, mind you,"
was the caution that Bob left with those
who remained behind, and then the party
- sailied forth.
Fitzsimmons led his trainers all orer the
surrounding foothills for three hours, and
then they began to show signs of ex
haustion. First Hickey begged to be al
lowed to go home, and then Roeber re
membered that he had some letters to
write. Stelzuer was game, and was tell
ing Fitz how he intended to stick it out
when Yar;m gave a yelp and lay down.
The big pugilist had no sympathy for the
trainers, but when the Dane collapsed he
agreed to turn back.
At the training quarters there were
visions of rabbit pie and all sorts of good
things, but these were displaced by ex
pressions of trief and disappointment
when the huntsmen hove into view
empty handed.
"No catch 'em even squirrel?" asked
Bam, the Chinese cook.
"Nope." laconically replied Fitzsim
mons. "I guess they saw us coming. But
never mind; we will try it again to-mor
row, and we won't come back until we
have knocked a wagon-load of them."
. At this a concerted roar went up from
Hickey, Stelzner and Roeber. If there
was to be any more rabbit hunting, they
declared, they would resign their jobs. So
Fitzsimmons will have to go out alone
after this.
The Cornish man's work to-day com
prised a run over the hills and the rabbit
hunt daring the morning and nine rounds
of furions boxing with his three trainers
in the afternoon. During the latter direr
sion Fitzsimmons accidently used his
eibow on Rickey's forehead and cut quite
a gash just over the right eye. Hickey
was not at all pleased with thia treatment
and said something about looking about
for a more congenial occupation.
Good-natured Fitzsimmona squared
matters in little while, however, by chal
lenging Hickey to a game of crusoe and
beating him out of $30. And just to show
that he was still strong and looking for
work, Fitzsimmons took off his coat and
pitched into a pile of wood with an ax.
He made the splinters fly for at least
twenty minutes and turned out a healthy
heap of kindling, much to the gratifica
tion of the cook.
Jim Corbett has been compelled to ease
up in his training. It is the result of a
command issued this morning by Billy
Delaney, the Californian'a chief trainer.
Delaney has been making a careful study
of James J.s condition since his arrival
here and he has reached the conclusion
that the big fellow has had more work
than is good for him. He fears that if
Corbett is allowed to have his own way he
will pass the limit of perfection of condi
tion and grow Kale. In consequence the
afternoon boxing, wrestling and bag
punching will be cut out of Corbeit's
training programme. Instead of these
Delaney will now take him out for a
tramp over the hills surrounding Shaw's
Springs.
"What I want to do is to keep him full
of fresh air and deprive him of a portion
of his indoor work," was the way Billy
explained it to me to-day. "I don't want
to be understood as intimating that Jim
is going back or that he is in immediate
danger of doing himself harm, but I con
sider that he is in the best possible con
dition he can ever hope to reach right
now, and I say 'Let well enough alone.'
Jim was never so fit before in his life, and
while it may be that he could be made
better, still I do not believe in taking any
chances. I only wish the fight was to
morrow. He is ready to tight for his life
and anybody's money. I thinic that by
taking off a good deal of his work
I can keep him where he is now, and that
means that he will win to a certainty."
Corbett himself does not take altogether
kindly to the idea of cutting down his
work. He is a glutton for exertion while
in training, and this is not the rirst time
that Delaney has had to put down his foot
solidly and arbitrarily decree what "Pom
CORBETT RECEIVING VISITORS AT SHAW'S SPRINGS.
padour Jim" shall do and what he shall
not.
The big fellow's bout with Jeffries to
day was one of the rarest treat* tbose who
regularly visit the training quarters have
yet enjoyed. Both men were full of gin
ger and went at each other as though the
championship of the world depended upon
the result.
Jeffries has entirely recovered from the
nervousness that affected him when he
first donned the mitts with Corbett, and
goes into his employer now with the
determination to land if he can and land
bard at that. James J. has all tie can do
to keep out of range of the Los Angeles
phenomenon's flying, chubby fists, and he
confesses that these bouts are doing him
more good than all the rest of his work.
Daring their Bet-to to-day Corbett pur
posely allowed Jeffries to work him into
one of tbe corners of the handball court in
order that be might brighten himself np
a little in the art of escaping from tight
and dangerous places. Jeffries misunder
stood the big chap'a purpose and stepped
back to let him out.
"Here, what are you doing?" roared
Corbett. "Get right in here after me and
lash out the best you've got. Put it on
me if you can."
Jeffries did not wait for a secend invita
tion, but sailed in to do a good job. It
was more than Corbett bargained for. Jef
fries began to lay on hammer and tongs,
and so fiercely that the Californian could
not side step or dodge out of his predica
ment. He was finally compelled to clinch
with the Los Angeles giant in order to
escape.
"That's great," said Corbett when he
reached the center of the court. "1 tell
you, young fellow, you are the making of
a good one. Tbat was the best rally I
have had in a year. If you will give me a
coupleoftho.se everyday I will soon eet
so I can dodge out of the way of a flying
cannon ball."
Corbett might have been pleased with
the clever manner in which ha evaded
Jeffries' furious rush, but there was one
onlooker who was not. That person was
William A. Brady, Corbett's theatrical
partner and backer. Brady do^s not
mean to let the impression go out that he
has lost any confidence in Corbett, but he
was candid enouzh to admit 10-ciay that
there were some features of the champion's
work he does not exactly fancy.
"I miiriu just as well be plain about tbis
matter," said Brady, in explanation. ••!
• believe tbat Jim is a 100 percent better
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1897.
man now than he has been in three years,
and I am satisfied that bis wind and stay
ing powers are perfect. But I am not
pleased with his foot work. He does not
seem to me to be as quick on his pins as he
used to be. It may be that Jeffries'
methods compelled Jim to hold to one
spot a good deal, but it strikes me that
be should be a little more shifty. It would
never do for him to allow Fitzsimmons to
get him in a corner as Jeffries did."
Now, Billy Brady has bet a good deal of
money already on Corbett and expects to
put up a good deal more. He is as wise a
young man as can be found on the conti
nent. It is just possible that Billy would
like to have a story go out to the effect
that he is not sure of his protege's chances,
in the hope that it would cause a change
in the belting and afford him an opportu
nity to get d beard at something like even
money.
George Green, who is to do battle with
"Mysterious" Billy Smith the day before
the Corbett-Fitzsimmons contest, and Dal
Hawkins, who is to meet Martin Flaherty
on the same day, went into active train
ing to-day at Empire. Both of the San
Franciscans are confident that they will
take the world's championships of their
respective classes home with them.
In the Nevada Assembly to-day a bill
was called up by Representative Allen of
Eureka, which, had it passed, would
have seriously handicapped the Pullman
Company''i excursions to the big fight.
The bill provided that each sleeper and
buffet passing through Nevada should be
taxed for a hotel-Keepers' license and a
liquor-dealers' license as well. Not only
this, but the tax was to holu good in
every county through which the cars
passed. This would mean that they
wouid be assessed in seven counties be
fore reaching Carson, and as seven cars
usually comprise a train it can readily be
seen that a veritable harvest would be
taken in.
The bill didn't pass. The Carson rep
resentatives got up and fought it tooth
and nail. They realized that if the bill
became a law it would keep thousands
out of Carson, and they succeeded in
beating it.
Dan Stuart's physicians have advised
him that he must have a cnange of' cli
mate before he can expect to completely
recover from his recent attack of pneu
monia. If he is strong enough he will be
taken to San Francisco to-morrow night,
and will remain there at least a week be
fore returning to Carson.
J. G. Makbheld.
TOURNAMENT OF MARKSMEN.
rift Shott in the World Will Compete In
the Carton Match**.
CARSON, Nkv., Feb. 27.— One hundred
dozens of live pigeons were ordered to-day
for the live-bird ehoot to be conducted by
Dan A. Stuart in conjunction with the
triple tistic events of next month. One
half of these will be shipped from Chicago
by Malachi Hogan, Stuart's representative
there, and the other half will be brought
by Ed Fay, Stuart's agent in San Fran
cisco.
It looks now as though the shoot was
going to be a mammoth affair. Aside
from the live birds individual champion
ship, there will be interstate trapshooting
matches. Montana, Utah, Idaho, Wyo
ming and California are getting teams into
shape and will come on to take part in the
competitions. The ten-bird handicap
sweepstakes, $5 entrance fee and liberal
percentage of gate receipts, say half, will
be another feature of the tournament.
The championship trophy, held by
Elliott, was shipped from New York
yesterday and will reach this city
on Tuesday. Aside from defending his
title and his trophy, Elliott will probably
head a State team to enter the interstate
match.
Grande Jionde Indiana Celebrating.
PORTLAND, Ob., Feb. 27.— The atten
tion of the authorities has been called to
the alarming condition of drunkenness,
debauchery and fighting among the
Grande Ronde Indians. One hundred and
fifty of them are camped on the Grande
Ronde River. They have recanlly re
ceived money from the Government on
account of tne lands ceded by the Nez
Perce Indians. Whisky is being de
livered in wholesale quantities and they
have continued dancing, gambling and
fighting for several days and will keen it
up as long as tbe money lasts. Seven of
them bave been crazed by drink and they
ere acting like barbarians.
Bvbnett's Corn cure. 327 Montgomery eU 25c,
STATE CYCLING
CIRCUIT OPENED
Santa Rosa's Meeting the
Best Ever Held on
the Coast.
Loughead, Z egler and McFar
land Win the Profes
sional Events
Mott of Oak'and and Wing of San
Jose Capture the Prizes
for Amateurs.
SANTA ROSA, Cxt,., Feb. 27. — The
greatest day's cycle racing ever seen in
California was that promoted by the Santa
Rosa Wheelmen at their three-lap track
here to-day, the occasion being the open
ing of the State circuit. There was a big
card of events and the nigh class of the
competitors insured rare sport for the
thousands who attended. There were
champions from everywhere and the par
ticular ones whose stars Bhone most bril
liantly after it was all over were: Fred
J. Louehead of Canada, who captured the
mile open; Otto Zaicler Jr. of San Jose,
who won the third-mile scratch; Floyd A.
McFarland, also of San Jose, who won the
five-mile event, defeating the mighty
Becker of National fame, and Mott cf Oak
land and Wing of San Jose, who captured
the amateur events.
Loughead stamped himself a veritable
champion by his wonderful ride in the
mile event, and Zieeler away back in the
ruck on the last tarn in tha third mile
forged past his field like a whirlwind and
won in splendid style. It was a day of
surprises in some lespeets, but the best
man won every time and the spectators
were well satisfied.
The track was not as fast as it was ex
pected to be, but was in fair shape, and
the meeting was well handled by the local
club, which has had experience in this
line before, having conducted several suc
cessful meets last year.
The crack event of the day wa« the five
mile open, professional, the line-up at the
tape Oeing Harry Terrill, McFarland,
Becker, Stevens, "Bob" Terrill, Freeman
and Byrne. It was run in one heat,
paced. The first pacing machine put In
was a quadruplet, manned by Morris,
Davis, Whitman and Bovee. After one
false start they got going, the line behind
the "quad" being Freeman, H. Terrill,
McFarland and the others cloee up.
Becker almost immediately rode ahead
and backed down on the inside of the
"quad" and got the pole. McFarland got
second place. Then Harry Terrill went
up and caught the pacemaker, but was
forced out and gave way to McFarland.
The time for the first mile was 2:26 1-5.
On the second mile there was another
fight for the pacer and McFarJand got it
for a moment, but was forced out by
Becker. H. Terrill, Byrne and Freeman
closely followed and "Bob" Terrill
dropped out. The time for the two miles
was 5:05.
There was more trouble for the pace
makers on the third lap, the men contin
ually running ahead and backing in.
Becker swerved and Freeman and Byrne
fell. Ziejrler was put in on a single to
pace and the quad dropped out. The
three miles was ridden in 7:50.
On the fourth lap Jones, Loughead and
Dick Aylward on a triplet swung in to pace,
and so did Wells on a single. The line
was Stevens, McFarJand and Becker,
Harry Terrili having dropped out. The
time for the four miles was 10:20.
Becker led at the beginning of the last
mile. The triplet dropped out and Wells
continued the pacing on a tingle until the
last lap, when he left them to fight it out
amone themselves. McFarland and Stev
ens just played with Becker. They let
him lead until the last turn and then
went by him as they pleased, McFarland
winning in 12:36 2-5, with Stevens second
and Becker third.
It was the best race ever Men in the
State, every one who knew said, and the
great five-mile run between Bald, Cooper
and Murphy at San Jose in 1895 mna the
rides of Becker on New Year's day and on
Washington's birthday this year pale
in comparison.
The audience was on its feet from
beginning to end, yelling for Us favorites,
and the excitement was intense. Never
has a race aroused so much enthusiasm,
and while the defeat of Becker was a sur
prise it is generally believed that he
would have won had he not wasted so
much energy fighting for the pacing ma
chines and been satisfied with second or
third place behind them.
The day's sport opened with a profes
sional race at one-third of a mile, run in
three heats ana a tinal, first and second
and fastest third to qualify. In the first
heat Loughtad of Canada won easily from
Wells, Morris, Wliitman and Byrne in
:49 1-5. the finish being In that order.
Tne second heat was prettily contested
between Ztegler, Stevens, Becker. Coulter,
Freeman and Harry Terrill. Ziegler was
crowded at the start and fell back from
first place to last He came with a rush
at the finish and got third. Coulter looked
a winner turning into the straight, but
finished fourth. Becker won hy inches.
Tim«, :47 1-5.
Allan Jones took the third heat as h«
pleased. McFariand was entered, but did
not start. Bovee of Texas got second,
Davis third. Time, :50 2-5.
The final was a beautiful ride with snch
cracks as Loughead, Becker, Stevens,
Ziegler, Wells, Bovee and Jones starting.
*Rom the jump a fight for position ensued
between Zieeler, Becker, Jones and Lous
head. Bovee came up from the back and
passed the bunch, Ziegler, Jones and
Lougbead tacking on. Becker caught up
with them on the last turn, but Wells and
Stevens were left. It was a hoi battle
down the straight, resulting in a victory
for Zlecler by a narrow margin over Jones
and Loughead. Becker was a good fourth.
The time *•■ :44 4-5.
This was Ziegler'a first appearance in
competition in California in three years,
and he signalized it and his commence
ment of bis racing career for 1897 by a
clean victory, tor winch he received a lib
eral amount of applause.
The mile open ; professional, proved
one of the best races of the day. The first
heat was very slow, owing to a misunder
standing as to who should pace. Wells
jumped out on the back turn, and was
never headed. Morris of Texas got sec
ond, and Davis of San Jose third. The
time was 3:04.
The second heat was both fast and
funny. Jones, Loughead, "Bob" Terrili,
Whitman and Bovee started. Some one
bumped into Bovee on the last turn, and
he was forced off tne track and fell into a
mud-puddle. He was unhurt, but his new
blue racing suit was a sight to behold
when he arose. Jones showed great speed,
and won Irom Loughead and Terrill in a
close finish. The time was 2:27 2-5.
The starters in the third heat were
McFarland, Becker, Stevens. Harry Ter
rill and Freeman. McFarland led the en
tire last lap, winning in 2:40 1-5. The team
work of McFarland and Stevens in this
Heat was very pretty and assisted ma
terially in giving them the victory.
This Drought Wells, Morris, Jones,
Longhead, "Bob" Terrill, McFarland and
Stevens into final. The final was paced
by a triplet, manned Dy Davis, Bovee and
Harry Terrill. The triplet took a flying
start and there was a pretty fight for posi
tions behind it. Jones got the favored
place, with the others strung out behind.
"Bob" Terrill would not have it that way
and rode ahead of the triplet, dropping
back on the inside. Jones was forced back
to tbird piace, Loughead being second,
McFarland fourth, Stevens, Morris and
Wells following in the order named. Mc-
Farland moved up to the front on the iast
lap, closely followed by all but Wells and
Morris, who were lef;. When they turned
into the stretch Loughead forged ahead
and it was all over, for he gained at every
stride and landed a winner by a clean six
lengths in one of the finest races ever seen
in California. McFarland took second,
Jones third and Terrill fourth, ell bunched
together. The time was 2:18 15, remark
ably tast for the track.
Loughead has not been well for the past
week and hi? performance was therefore
all the more creditable. He is every inch
a champion and is withal the most popular
Eastern racing man who has yet visited
this State, his politeness and modest;
gaining him scores of friends among the
spectators and racing men.
There were two amateur events on the
NEW TO-DAT-
TRUE MANLINESS.
mO GRASP YOUR FELLOW FIRMLY BY THE HAND AND LOOK HIM. IN
-*- the eye; to know that in your inner life there lurk's no weakness, no drain that
reminds you of early indiscretions or excesses: to feel the lire of youth that brings
to its possessor happiness, confidence in self and the admiration of manly men and
womanly women. Let this, be your goal. Aim high. If you are weak, stunted
despondent; if you have losses, evil dreams, night sweats, shaky nerves; if your
weakness causes you to shirk your duties, these is hope for you. Electricity as
applied by DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT will restore your strength. Thou-
sands of young and old men have been renewed, invigorated and strengthened by
this wonderful appliance. New cures reported daily.
Manly Strength Restored.
SAN FRANCISCO, February 4. ihq7
DR. A. T. BANDEN-Dear Sir: When I bought your Belt I had do:tored for a year paylneona
doctor $250 for treatment. I had severe pains all over my body and especially in my bact %««•»
far run down and so weak as to be entirely unfit for work. Now, after wearing your Belt in m
ilrely cured and cannot recommend it too highly. Yours truly. * r ■ Dell> lamen -
. JOHN J.UNN, 12 Sacramento Btreer.
Young Men,
Suffering from Vital Weaknesses of a personal nature, and their effects who lack
vital force, nerve, energy and muscular power, and have failed to attain strength and
perfect manhood; .
Middle-Aged Men,
Who for want of strength and vigor, whether induced by indiscretion excesses, care
overwork, mental anxiety, exposure or otherwise, find their physical powers prema-
turely declining; v
Old Men, i
Who think their waning vitality the natural result of the progress of old ace and
decay, when it is simply the want of animal electricity and the power of the body to
reproduce it unaided ; will find in , .
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt
The means of regaining their vitality; of adding strength and vigor to their svstems-
of making perfect manhood. Electricity is the modern life-giver New proofs of it
value are being shown daily. Thousands of people on this coast have testified to its
merits.
From an Old Man of 72. \
• DR. A. T. SANDEN-Dear Birt^Trha^n^a^^-el! 1^ 0 £"•• J?Jf™«y 10 > 1897,
electric belts, I have at last been cured by your grand appliance I bou/ht Tt ?«, ,"** , tt " d Cheap
though lam 72 years old, It has had an amarJngiy good elect That way I* had .1 r. I ™ " cv < ■ and.
ever since I was in the Mexican War from a pal in mv back cold f«if «n* . £„« ' ° ***,*■ a aatte ™r
I now feel warm as toast, my feet are warm all the time, ana' f °" '* " *£* o°T general circulation,
since 1 sot the Belt. My general healtn Is much improved, and I feel ml • Mr»if. P f D ° my back
of her rheumatism by It. and we are proud of our eanden Belt lean te??»on t » ??>!f ? e ? rly carea
for it to anybody. Yours truly, »c«, i can tell * on - I wll 8 : i, ad ? t0 v °ach
There's a touch of magnetism in the grub of the manly man-the man who has
not wasted his strength, or, having wasted it, has regained it by the use of n
Sanden's Electric Belt. Do you envy the manly man ? Then why don't <*«» \.
effort to regain what you have lost? Call and "consult the docto^^ or indoor T
FL7ZZ "SSL T^ir^^vxT^rJ: "• »
S^k.WrX>3E3KT ELECTRIC 00
632 MARKET ST.. OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
Office hours-8 A. M. to 8 P.M.; Bundayi, 10 toU.Los An«l« nm i,i .
way. Portland. Or.. 253 Washington street; Denver ColoT^asEft.o ?P^ 20 Soutll Bro »**
. KOTii.-.iiate no mistake iv Urn aumt>er-©sa M«k« aiSel U
programme. The mile open was run in
two beats, and tiio.^e who qualified for tbe
final were J. E. Wrng of San Jose, Bon
Noonan of Santa Rosa, George Tantau
of the Olympic Club, Percy Mott of the
Reliance Club and C. F. Armstrong of
Santa Rosa, Mott showed creat speed in
both his beat and the final, and was an
easy victor in the latter. Wing won his
beat and was second in tbe final and Tan
tau got third. Tne time was 2:543-5.
The five mile amateur was paced by
Dixon, Kraft and Tantau on a triplet. The
starters were Mott, Wing, Armstrong and
Noonan brothers. Mott dropped out after
the first lap, something hnppenin • to bis
wheel, and Armstrong and Ben Noonan
quit after two miles. This left only Wing
and Henry N onan. The triplet set a hot
clip and the time by mile* was: First
miie, 2:233-5; second, 4:511-5; third,
7:24; lourth, 9:57 35. The pacing machine
dropped out on the last lap and left the
men to tight it out by themselves. Wing
had the lead and kept it to the end, win
ning by about four lengths. The time
was 12:21.
Wilbur F. Knapp and "Brick" Kuhn
rode a third of a mile exhibition on a
duplex machine in 47 seconds, and inci
dentally afforded considerable amuse
ment to the audience during the ride by
their gyrations.
The following is the summary:
One mile, scratch, professional: First heat—
F. J. Loughead, Canada, first; C. S. Wells. Bay
City, secona ; Max Morris, Texas, third. Time,
:49 1-5.
secoDd heat— W. E. Becker, Minneapolis,
first; Orlando Stevens, lowa, second; Otto
Ziezler Jr., San Jose, third. Time, :47 1-5.
Third heat— Allan Jones, Olympic, first;
George S. Bovee, Texas, second;" C. L.Davis,
San Jose, third. Time, :50 2-5.
Final heat— Otto Ziegler Jr., San Jose, first;
Allan Jones, Olympic, second; F. J. Loughead
Canada, third. Time, :44 4-5.
One mile, open, professional: First heat— C.
S. Wells, Bay City, first; Max Morris, Texas,
6ecoad; C. L. Davis, San Jose third. Time,
Second heat— Allan Jones, Olympic, tirst; P.
J. Loughead, Canada, second; W. A. Terrill,
Bay City, third. Time. 2:27 2-5.
Third heat— F. A. McFarland, San Jose, first;
O. L. Stevens, lowa, second; H. F. Terrill, Bay
City, third. Time, 2:40 1-5.
Final heat— Fred J. Loughead, Canada, first;
F. A. McFarlaud, San Jose, second ; Allan N.
Jones, Olympic, third. Time, 2:18 1-5.
Five-mile, open, professional— F. A. McFar
land, San Jose, first; O. L. Stevens, lowa, sec
ond; W. E. Becker, Minneapolis, third. Time,
12:36 2-5.
One mile, open, amateur— First heat— J. E.
Wing, San Jose, first; Ben Koonan, Santa
Rosa, second; C. F. Armstrong, Santa Rosa
third. Time, 2:39.
Second heat— George Tantau, Olymple, first;
P. R. Mott, Reliance, second; C. A. Kraft, Bay
City, tnird. Time, 2:42 1-5.
Flual heat— Percy K. Mott, Reliance, first;
J. K. Win?, San Jose, second; George Tantau,
Olympic, third. Time, 2:54 3-5.
Five-mile, open, amateur— J. E. Wing, San
Jose, first; Henry >'oonan, Santa Rosa, sec
ond; Ben Noonan, Santa Rosa, third. Time
12;21.
The officials of the meet were:
Beferee— L. W. Burris.
Judges— A. P. Swain, L. C. Byce H. A.
Math las.
Timers— H. D. Hadenfeldt, Fred Wicker
sham, Henry Kjrah, R. E. Revalk, Albert Flint.
Scorers— J. W. Ramage, Walter Uroshong,
Ted Crawford.
Umpires— Ray Poat, W. Felt, George Martz,
James Moflitt.
Clerk of course— Walter H. L. Geldert.
Assistants— George E. Dixon, Oscar Math
ews, Lloyd Conkllng.
Starter— Robert C. Lennie.
Announcer— Wilbur F. Knapp.
The circuit party will leave in the morn
ing for San Leandroto witness the twen
ty-rive-nsile road race of the associated
clubs. On Wednesday next they will go
to Dixou, on Saturday to Woodland, and
then to Sacramento, Stockton, San Jose,
Santa Cruz and San Francisco. Tne boys
were royally entertained here to-night by
the local club.
Safe- Crocking at Portland.
PORTLAND. Or., Feb. 27.— The third
successful attempt at safe-cracking in this
city within three days was made at an
early hour this morning. The office of
the Portland Soap and Chemical Com
pany was entered by burglars, who
drilled a hole into the combination of the
safe and blew it open. They secured lses
than $20.
NEW TO-DAY.
WASH
DRESS
FABRICS,
1897 STYLES,
NOW ON EXHIBITION.
The weaves are the perfection of the
artistic loom. The designs and printing
are a credit to the makers. Certainly the
Handsomest Cotton Goods ever shown.
Prices are
12?, 15, 20, 25 and 30c.
SPECIAL.
SATIN STRIPE ANOPLISSE NOVELTY
Handsome COTTON WASH
GOODS, solid colors— pink, blue,
cream, maise, nile, cardinal and f O -,
black, at * QC
SPRING MILLINERY RIBBONS
Just received, at
25, 35, 45, 60 and 75c. 1
KAIKIWASH DRESS SILKS
Handsome designs, fast colors, 19 f (Vr,
inches wide, at I"v
Per Yard.
EXTRA QUALITY. 20 inches It-,
wide, plain ana corded
Per Yard.
NOVELTY LACES
EMBROIDERIES
JUST OPENED. ;'' -;'■)
BATTENBERG LACE WORK
Complete assortments of material now
in stock. Rings, Braids, Patterns of every
description, etc.
NEW VEILINGS
JUST RECEIVED.
BOLERO JACKETS.
For Dress Trimming, Jetted, Lace and
Braid,
At Popular Prices.
KOHLBERC,
STRAUSS &
FROHMAN,
107 AND 109 POST STREET
1220-1222-1224 Market St.
Tl CLEVELAND
No. 29.
THIS IS SURELY A CLEVELAND
YEAR.
NONE SO POPULAR.
NONE SO GOOD.
LEAVITT & BILL
303 LARKIN STREET,
20 SAN PABLO AVENUE, OAKLAND.
Wholesale-H. A. LOZIER & CO., 304 AlcAl-
lister Street.
\
Philadelphia
Shoe CO. Ho. 10 Third St,
STAMPED ON A SHOE MEANS STANDARD OF MERIT I
: ' ■ A
Neat gm Boat
Cloth |M pi Solid
Tops Jlllk W Wear
$1.00 fe^^ 75c.
CONSIDER QUALITY. !
Convince yourself of. the quality of tho
Shoes we are offering on account of the
double olockade. ..The following are some
of our prices:
Fine Vlcl Kid Button Shoes, cloth or kid
tops.
Spring Heels, patent-leather tips.
Slze»4toS... 75 O
bizes 8 to 10y a » 1.110
Sizes 11 to' 2 *1.35
Ladles' Heel or Spring Heel,
sizus 121,2 to 8. .81.50
Pebble-grain School Shoes, guaranteed for
wear:
Child's Sizes, 8 to JO^ 75c
Misses' Sizes, 11 to x 91.00
' ' • ' -
t&~ Country orders solicited.
W Send for JN'ew Illustrated Catalogue.
Address — : —
B. KATCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.,
1O Third St.. San FnmoUoo.
Iga Cli!cbe«ter'a XnclUh Dlaaacd Brand. V I
fEHWrROYAL PILLS '
ENNYROYAL PILLS 1
' 9 Original ud Only G^anlna. ' A
Z'rffltS^ Si. rt> "•**' ™"»bl«: i> Dlcau i A
AJUKSM Dnijl* for ChUktsUr; gnoli.k Di a -Jf&
rWJIB««»«i< la Bed and Chid met»llio\*2r
A 2?8?r * -. ie * led wlth blu « ribbou. Take VS'
I L If in < "vr id Kefut dangrrinu mhttift- ▼MAGNET RECOVERS
HIS OLD SPEED
And Beats Buckwa a Head
in Exceedingly Fast
Time.
The Schrieber Stake Captured
by Estro, a Sen of
Flambeau
Mamie Scott Took a Mile Run at
Oids of ioo to i— V men the
Only Winning Choic?.
The sport at Ingleside track was much
enjoyed by the big crowd in attendance
v'esterday even though it was a trifle jerky
arid iridescent to sporty. It was another
banner day for outsiders and the plungers
arid form players unloaded enough of
their coin tc purchase several racetracks.
When "Mamie Scott won the third event
. of the day at any old price, varying from
60 to 100 to 1, the field-book men were
troubled with a feeling ol ennui th.it had
• s-carce worn off when Bstro and Lincoln
succeeded in gathering in the two follow
ing raoes at ju;cy price?, thus relieving
them of more surplus casu. There was a
iiungry crowd of uettors in t c bis» ring
and as they became disentangled from
their money like a hoosier at a country
lair, the bookmakers' bank rolls must
have- fattened quite extensively. Of all
the seven favorites sent to the post Ye
men the aged sprinter alone justified the
confidence reposed in him.
Seldom have four laster sprinters met
on any track than the quartet that triea
conclusions in the last race of the day, a
six-furlong spin, and the bis crowd
• patiently abided tbe time for them to re
spond to the bugle call. Libertine 107,
Buctwa 104, Magnet 107 and David IW%
was the collection of speed assembled.
Dan Honig's pet Magnet was tirst chalked
up a 6 to 5 choice in tbe rinsr, but the
wipe ones figured that he was not up to a
bruising race, and Buckwa carried the
bulk of the big money bet, cutting his
odds from 8 to 3 to (i to 5, while Magnet's
• odds resided to 8 to 5. Six to one wa>
obtainable against Galen Brown's big bay
and 12 against plain-looking David.
• Buckwa w.as. rirst away from the barrier,
with Magnet trailing about two lengths
behind. Tod btoan had a gentle wrap on
the leader swinging into the stretch and
evidently fancied himself astride the soft
est thing of the day. Straightened away
for the wire Slaughter, on Magnet, shook
. the chestnut up. and coming on with that
electrifying burst of speed he wore down
BucKwa's lead foot by foot and led him
past the judges' stand a good head in
. 1:13%, within a quarter of a second of the
trace record, held by Crescendo. Eight
lengths away David was given third place
. over Libertine, though it looked ai though
the latter secured that position by a head.
•Ttie.Schreiber stake for two-year-olds at
four furlongs, worth $1300. was another
Btrong feature of the card. The Spreckel?
stable's Imperious and Maxlone were
scratched, leaving eight to go to the post.
• Louis Ezell's colt The Cheat, with Mo
liu^h up hud tirst call in the betting at
.• odds of 7to 5. A hot tip was prevalent on
Thorpe, but he was lame and made no
bh owing whatever. The race was pro
ductive of another surprise, for Eitro, a
Son of Flambeau and Bailie G, carrying
the colors of J. Kaglee Burke, headed
. Roxey Murphy in the stretch and aefeated
• the tirst choice with comparative ease in
• bQ\i seconds. Duke of York II with 40 to 1
..about him was an indifferent third.
Eieven silling platers went to the post
THE "CALL" RACING GUIDE.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB. Ingleslde Racetrack. Friday. February 27. Fifty-seventh
. • \ ■ day of the Winter Meeting 1896-97. Weather fine. Track fast.
/*i rj riKaT KACt-Oae milo; selling: purs* *360.
. . • • Index, j Home, age, welc): ft. 14 | »/i »/i Btr.
605 •Olive, 5 110 8 i 82 j 7b 62 52
593 : Japonic^. 4 100 1 4hi4l 8h 2V 8
684 Tar and Tartar, a.107 4 214 2 i-j, 2 Va ■*« Va
566 Kdeemount. 4....10 V 6 I 11 1 h I 1 V lh
544 Installatrix. 3 ...101 6 »>£ 3 2 i 4 1/2 41
HtiH Cherrystone. 5...110j2 i 6h 6h Sb 61
579 i I orig I.ady, 4 100; 3 7h 8 2 7 V, 7
159 Quantrell, 3 95 7 | 5Vi 5h 8 2 8
•• •. halas, 4. 10^ 9 j 9 9 9 9
605 Boadronner, 6...115 l,ft | | '..
••
-Jndn. { Home. age. weleht. M,
Betting.
Op. Cl .
m !e Martin
2 2%T. Sloan
3 2 Thorpe
41* Frawley
5 2 Plg7Ott.
6 10 I. shields.
7 9 Jones
t 4 Clawson
9 Spencer
P. Sullivan
2
6
11-5
SO
8
10
8
2i>
60
50
6
7-2
f2
25
8
12
10
50
30
150
I a 1 3 art.
Won easlLy. Winner. A. B. Sprecke s' b. m., by Apache- Vlrgle
Time, 1:441.4.
• /•I Q SECOND HACK— '
purie $350.
\
Jr.dei irnm«>, age, weleht. BL 1/4 Vi s ,i Btr.
(60"V Yemfti. a 102 1 13 13 II
" M 7 Benßinel*. 4 I<>B 4! 4 1 3 3 «4
(\7O) Pat Murphv,s....lfi2: S 22 24 23
■ " 601 Frank JfuibenM . 991 5 6 6 4h
(805) LTi« 1c a. 4 97 3 3h 4h 6
S9l Midlo 4. 99' left
597 Hnzel D, 4 102 left |
1 3
2h
36
4h
6
T. 8!n»r
W. Mar In
H. Mart.n
J. Shields
Ha-rinKer
R. Jones
Wlckline
3-1
6
8
30
30
7-2
200
1
7
12
"80
60
2
300
' Bal start
Won easily. Winner, S. Deimel's eh. g.. by Alarm-Hlra. Time, 1:14%.
n( Q" THIKD KAcK— One mile: selling; *350.
{
-
, —
■ Index.
Ilorxf, age. weight.
Sir.
Betting.
O|». Cl.
481 Mamie sicott, 6.. .305 1 £3 18 11 11 11 Piggott 30 80
.•• :95 "tentor, 8. 98 591 8h 61 52 2h T Sloan ::::::::: J 710
6U6 McLtght.6 118 4 33 81 42 4l* 33 inorpt 8 10
678 Herm.Dlti.B 106 110 1 41 7% 72 1 2 Spencer 10 10
578 iwrmanlta, 5 J»'6 3 61 6 h 7 1/3 172 62 H Martin 10 10
«<JB Ur.ltv. 4 107 8 41 61 VI 81 61 T. McHngh. 8 15
. mi HarollUndBay,s. 98 6 .71? 7% 5 1 8 2 71 BarringVr 20 300
• 694 Nanmja.3 95 9 6V 3 9% 82 2h 86 Mcl"ty>e 12 15
. 59« DoctorG.4 105 10 11 12 10 9 93 Slaughter 15 •12
i .-SB6 Lady Hurst, 3.... 104 11 112 11 11 lo l 0 3 Snider ::"" BO 150
I 601 Coda.4 100 121 81 10 2 81 11 11 E. Jones 80 '0
I 406 Tempestnoua, 3.. 92 21 lh |2% « CUtw0n ........ 6 15
A Perfect start. Won handily. Winner, A. Nlclcell'g 0. f. by Canny Bcott-Eo!a, Time 1-4341
» Pulled up: ' '•- ' ' ~*'
1 3
8 h
81
4 1
6h
61
ft
11
10 2
2%
1 1
61
42
2 h
5.1*
5 1
3 2
10 4
11
81
•
1 1
52
414
sir
72
81
82
2 h
9
10
11
1 1
2 h
3 3
4 4
62
6 1
71
86
9 3
10 3
11
i'lggott
T. Kloan
Thorpe
Spencer
H. Martin
T. McHugh
Barringer
Mclntyre
I slaughter
30
1
8
30
10
8
20
12
16
60
30
6
60
7-10
10
200
10
15
100
15
■ 12
150
PO
. 15
Snider
K. Jones
IClawson
(*i^(\ FOURTH KACE— The Schrelber stakes; one-half
•1300.
, 1
681
(&21)
687
f.gl
. 644
£.81
Index.
Horse, weight. St. *A
Kutro 118 2
Thf Cheat lliJ 8
Jink* of York 11.118 4
Al Koran 118 6
Don l.uls 118 7
Hoxey Marpliy...llB 1
iThorpe 118 5
ißcydel Santo 118 8 I
flors«,
V%
I¥j
i*
64
1 h
10
8
1 1
2 1
61
3 I
54
4 I
76
I
1 2
24
:%
52
fib
7 10
8 !
T. Sloan ..
T. McHugh
Spencer ;
hennessy
H. Martin..""
l>ogem
Thorpe.
C. Sloan..
Betting.
Op. Cl.
6
7-5
20
15
20
4
6-2
20
8
6-5
40
12
30
7
a
40
' 598 i
I
Good .start. Won easily. Winner, J. Naplee Bork's eh. g., by Hambe».ii-Sallle g. Time, :60V*.
/.qi" FiFTH KACK- One mile; three-year-olds and upward; pane $ 50U.
■Index.
604 Lincoln 11, 3
.'OJ FiasliiiEbt. 6
5H9 ilnatalUtor, 6. ...
230 The. Dragojj, 3
(591) Moylan. 4
tO4 Argentina, 4
Horse, age, weight.
y
Heft
2h
1 3
34
4
V, H Bit.
3 4 3 6 3 10
12 11% 12
2%2 h X H
a 4 4
1 V 2
2 8
36
4
Thompson
Klanglner ...
Do«gett
Jones....'
T. Sloan
Thorpe
Jockey.
10
11
•i
10
4
5-2
Betting.
>P- CL
8
10
9-5
4
6
4
I
Bad start. Won driving. Winner, M. C Hildreth's eh c by EramDie- Mary M. Time, 1:41*4.
(•90 SIXTH BACE— One and a half
'■ <>x. . Howe, age, weight.
sxs Arundel, 6 13:
000 ,(iov. Biidd. 4 13!
•01 : Uungarven, a 12'
600 Herman, a IS'
&83 Hello, 5..." HI
.'•itjd Ksperance, 6 12!
V 198 Bab/8111,6 141
I 610 I F1F1.6..... I*'
1 Good start. Won driving.
f2:SO. _
'623 BKVKNTH KACE I
St. Std. 1/4 V* 'A
TuVi 41 32 3 1-3
3 2 1 2 1 ib 1 h
77 53 61 51
2 1 h 11 2 1 22
B4h 3b 4 1 41
888 8 6 4
162 7 7 7
5 61 8 1/3 «1 8
3 10
1 1
62
I h
4 1
66
7
1 4
24
S3
44
6 10
64
750
Wiiklns.
Jockey.
Betting.
•Jockey. Op. &1.
kins ~3 " 8
lmerfleld 6 10
ieus 80 " 100
gins 15 >■■•;•-, 16
era, 4 . ; \.>7
uey. 10 «5
jib 2 ' . 8-5
icy.......... 8 10
1 1
X. B. Hall & Co. 'a eh. h., by
pune 9400.
V*
22 2 3
12- 11 .
4 4,
18 3 2
Jockey.
Hett'.ng.
Op. cl.
Index.
{ Horse, age, weight.
(609) Magnet, 6::...:,.: 107
(441);liuckwn. 6 104
683 I»avi4. 6 107
447 (Libertine, 6 107
I
1
4
3
4
3 8
1 h
I 0
;u
4
Slaughter
T. 510 an........
Th0rpe..........
Ma kiln
11-10 8-6
8-5 6-5
8 10
6 a
Poor Mart.. Won driving.
lan*
Winner, V. A. Honlg's eh. h., by imp.
in the opening mile selling dash, with Tar
and Tartar ruling a consistent 2 to 1
favorite. The winner turned up in Olive,
which receded from 5 to 2 to fours, and
heading her field a furlong lrom the wire,
won with considerable to spare from
Japonica, the Corrigan entry. The favorite
was a close third.
In the next, a six-furlong selling sprint,
the money went in on Yemen as though it
were all over, forcing his odds from 8 to 5
down to 11 to 10. The contending horse,
Midlo, was left at the post, and the favorite
romped home an easy winner from Be na
mely. Pat Murphy was a close third.
The biggest surprise of the day was the
win of the third event, a mile run, by
Mamie Scott, a 100 to 1 outsider in the
betting on the twelve starters. Stentor
was a 9 to 10 favorite, with Tod Sloan up.
When the barrier was raised Piggott
rushed Mamie Scott away in advance of
the bunch, and, maintaining her lead
throughout, won ridden out a length be
fore the fovorite in 1:43%. McLight made
a good run, being beaten but a head for
the place. The first choice was away
poorly or he would have won.
The start for the mile handicap was an
unfortunate one, both Argentina and
Moylan being left at the post. They were
second and fourth choices in the betting,
respectively. Installator, in at 109 pounds,
with Sam Doggett up, was a consistent 9
to 5 choice.
The lone shot players backed Flashlight,
carrying 98 pound, and they got a great
run for their money. The outsider led
the party until past the paddock, where
tbe fast clip began to tell and be was
nabbed and beaten out half a length by
Lincoln 11, ridden by "Pebble" Thomp
son. Installator was a poor third. The
winner was backed down in the betting
from 10 to 8 to 1.
A deliriously relishable specimen of the
"lobster" species was served to the Ingle
side association's guests in the mile and a
half iiurdle handicap, in tbe crack jumper
Baby Bill. The "leppsr," ridden by J.
Owens and delegated to carry 145 Dounds
and pitted azainst a very ordinary lot,
was naturally installed an 8 to 5 favorite.
His showing in the race was about the
worst ever made on one of the local tracks,
being taken back to the rear of the bunch,
where he stayed and finished. Arnndel,
played down to the primer's name by the
wise clique, won the affair easily from
Governor Jtfudd, a 10 to 1 chance, with old
Dungarven finishing in the show.
NOTES.
J. Owens, rider of Baby Bill, and the
horse and his owners, King Bros., were
suspended immediately after the hurdle
»ace for the disgraceful showing made by
the jumper. The horse was undoubtedly
a "dead one," as well as one or two others
in the race, and a severe ruling may serve
to make this branch of the game a trifle
more clean, for a time at least.
The Ingleside Association have set the
following dates for the rnnning of the re
mainder of its valuable stakes:
Androus stake, nine-sixteenths of a mile,
for two-year-olds, Monday, March 22.
Uiiman stake, nine-sixteenths of a mile, for
two-year-olds, Saturday. March 27.
California Derby, one and a quarter miles,
for three-year oids, Saturday, April 3.
Corrigan stakes, five-eighths of a mile, for
two-year-olds, Monday, April 19.
Spreckels cup, one and a quarter miles, for
three^year-olds, Saturday, April 24.
California hurdle, two miles, Wednesday,
April 28.
ingleside stakes, four miles, Saturday, May 1.
ST. PATRICK'S DAY.
One Feature at the Pavilion Will Be a
Chorus of Five Hundred Voices.
One of the features at the Mechanics'
Pavilion of the com.ng celebration on the
evening of March 17, St. Patrick's day,
will be a grand chorus of 500 voices nnder
the direction of the well-known conductor,
John \V. McKenzie, accompanied by
Roncovieri'-t band of fifty musicians.
Already 100 voices have been secured.
j The first meeting of the singer? will take
place at the residence of Mr. McKenzie,
521 Eddy street, next Wednesday at 8:30
p. m., and all singers who are desirous of
joining and swelling the chorus are re
quevted to call on Mr. McKeuzie on or
before Wednesday evening. The pro
gramme is to be elaborate. Among the
numbers will be a new vocal march ar
ranged by Mr. McKenzie and dedicated
to the League of the Cross Cadets.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1897.
SAYS HIS WIFE
STABBED HIM
John P. Hagan Has Made
His Ante- Mortem
Statement.
Mrs. Hagan Is Detained in the
City Prision Pending De
velopments.
Shs Claims He Threatened to Kill
Her With a Hatchet and She
Defended Herself.
John P. Hagan is hovering between life
and death in the Receiving Hospital and
his young wife Mary is in the City Prison,
and should her husband die, she will be
charged with murder.
The police were notified yesterday morn
ing that Hagan's death was only a question
of hours, and Corporal Leinden was sent
to take his ante- mortem statement.
Friday night Hagan made contradictory
statements. At first he said he was play
ing on the sofa with his baby girl in his
residence, 33 South Park, with a carving
knife in his hand when he slipped from
the sofa and fell upon the knife. Later he
said he was chopping wood, and his wife
had the carving-knife in her band. In a
playful struggle for possession of the knife
be was cut.
In his ante-mortem statement he
deliberately charges his wife with cutting
him with the knife, and declares that it is
the truth. Tbe statement is as follows:
Believing that 1 am about to die, I, John P.
Hagan of 33 South Park, make tins, my dying
statement:
About 7 o'clock last night, after supper, I
came home. My wife was under the influence
of liquor. 1 accused her of it and she began
to throw things at me. I explained to ncr
that sue would be nothing but a common
woman if she kept on associating with the
people that Rhe was associating with. She
claimed that my mother put me up to say
those tilings about her. She went to a drawer,
took out a carving-knife and said, " you, I
will cut your heart out." I had my two hands
in my pockets when she cut me. as I did not
think she would do it. I then ran out into
the street. This is true.
After making the statement his wife
was ushered into his presence, and in
answer to the question as to whether she
had u«ed the knife upon him he replied
"Yes."
Mrs. Hagan, who is only 21 years of age,
claims that she was forced >o seize tue
knife to defend herself from her husband,
who was threatening to kill her with a
hatchet.
"He came home last night in an ugly
mood. After supper he Jay down on the
lounge and after ne had slept for an hour
or so something the baby did awoke him.
rie abused me fi r not taking care of the
baby and began to throw things at me. I
expostulated with him, bin it made him
worse and he called me a bad name.
"He got hold of me and threw me on
the floor. He picked up the hatchet and
said he bad a good mind to kil! me. 1
was afraid be would, as he i.ad often
threatened to kill me, and I struggled
with him and got to my feet.
"He was coming at me again, and I had
the carving-Knife in my hand. 1 pushed
him away from me with the knife and be
went out. The way I pushed him with
the knife could not have cut him, and I
believe he stabbed himself, as he was al
ways talking about not caring to live. He
did not get on^well where he was working
and that seemed to make him despondent.
He only got $55 a month and he thought
he should have more.
"The people 1 associated with are good
peonle, just as £ood as be or his people
are, and he had no right to talk that way
about them. He was always jealous, anil
one day wnen I -was talking to a man
from Alarneda he grabbed him by the
throat, and I thought he would have
killed him. I knew his folks never liked
me. and after 1 was about a year married,
just after my baby was born, I had to
leave him and go to my father's house. I
was away from nim about a year and then
went back to him.
"I don't deny that I take a glass of beer
MRS. MARY HAGAN and Her Husband, Whom She Attempted
to Kill, and the Weapons She Used.
occasionally, but I was never the worse of
it in my life, except once, and that was
nearly three years ago, when I was not
living with him."
Mr.«, Hagan does not seem to be at all
sorry for her husbana's condition. From
what she said they have lived unhappily
since they were married. She was only l(i
years of age when she first met him, and
they were married within a year. Her
father, Louis Homeier, is leader of the or
chestra in Macdonough's Theater, Oak
land. He lives at 1527 Willow street, Ala
meda, and yesterday morning Mrs. Ha
gan's little girl was taken to his home.
POLICEMAN'S NAME FORGED.
This I<ed to the Repeated Swindling of
a Money Broker.
The poJice are searching tor a man who
has committed two clever forgeries, by
which be is $200 in pocket. They are more
than usually anxious to have him within
their clutches, as he has been bold enough
to force the name of one of their number.
On February 1 a man called at the office
of J. and S. Kampe, money brokers, 916
,-.-,--^_^ w.-^^^nJw^^w^^.r^^J^^-.^^^^ NEW TO-D AT— CLOTHING.
(10T 'FM UrnillPSSlNd I
j Alarmed 'em when we joined forces and crowded two gag I
immense stocks of Clothing under one roof. Jfc^ v- V^W^m
- Made 'em decidedly uneasy when they beheld the over- j^^^m^^Mm§^^^ I
j WE SOUND HERE THE FIRST ALARM!
| Let it have the effect of awakening the slumber of trade and bring the people to face the
biggest bargains that the wildest fancy can picture.
© @) m m <^<
We're simply competition- I Again, to be forcible we've TV/ICM»O OIIITPO If A »9 CU •11 We will olva i i«!»j-i! »j-i • I
less in this offering of taken all our All- Wool Cheviot M IN S U ITS. JICII S StriCtlY We will give unlimited choice L
j -■:.; . . The $10 ones go at this price. J s*k*-\*-*^. *-^. _. ttivi/n
! SCHOOL SUITS Q1 1 — , _ All-Wool Suits. 2 °? F OS C
7K I I XI *~% Sacks, Frocfes, Cutaways.
' OTTITO p/\r\ r5/^\"V7"O M' * i»TTV/t In Fall, "Winter and Spring Weight suitable for all the
: «*"*> LJ 1 1O- pIJK nUYo. ■■ » «•■ •"« . weights. The same identical year round for lots sold up to
p WV*ri A V-r« &vu *-»v-r * >- '" Mono Cinfe anrf nypppnafo goods others are asking $13 50 $20.
U1 „, • ■ .. . WIBII 5 OUIIS dllU UVBIbUdI& and $16 for. B • The same figure buys Eng-
They're being sold elsewhere That are known to be cheap at Your choice of the finest in The same price closes out TOO lish. Kerseys, Melton Overcoats
as a leader at $2 50. . j $5. They go at $2 75. the house. Fine Overcoats. worth up to $15. all shades, worth up to $20. '
— — O
1 stjtm::m:ej:r,:f i i:ejli.:d a, r,O3ve-a.:n\
CONSOLIDATED FEBRUARY 15, 1887, |
oonrsnEsn. F'ir i- ri3c m^v.r.is.est streests.
I P. S.— Follow the crowd direct to our new and only store, Fifth and Market Streets. |
I ■ _i
Market street. He represented himself to
be a policeman and said he was in need of
ready cash and wanted to sell bis warrant
for February. The $100 was handed to
him, Jess the usual commission, and he
signed the reeu'ar order in :he name of
Luther M. Say, who wears star 550.
A few days later ne again visited
Kampe's office and sold his warrant for
March, again signing Say's name ;o the
order.
Karape took both orders to City Auditor
Broderick with the. rro'iest to have the
warrants withheld so v a tie could obtain
payment of the amounts from the Treas
urer.
The police warrants were handed oat
yesterday and Siy got his and took it to
the Auditor. Bay was astounded when
lha Auditor told him be had an order
from Kamne for his warrants for February
and March.
"There must be some mistake," said
Say, "as I never got a cent from a money
broker in my life. Somebody has been
personating me and forging my name."
The Auditor suggested that he should
lay tbe lacts before Chief Crowley and Say
hurried to the Chief's office. The Chief
was absent and Say told his story to Fer
geant Mollitt, who is at present acting as
the Chief's clerk in the absence of Clerk
Healy. Sergeant Moffltt went with Say
to the Auditor and payment of the Febru
ary warrant was stopped pending develop
ments.
Kampe was notified by telephone and he
was very much disgusted to find that ne
bad been duped. He at once admitted
that Say was not tbe man and furnished
tli c police with a description of him.
It is thought that tbe forcer is familiar
with the police and had on tome occasions
obtained warrants himself. The police
are working on this supposition.
LOWELL SCHOOL
IS CHAMPION
It Is Triumphant at the
First Academic League
Meet.
Scores 23 Points out of 36, With
Central High School
Second.
Stirring Incidents of the Day— Bntries,
Time, and Winners of the
Various Events.
The first bicycle meet of the Academic
Athletic League was held yesterday after
noon at the Velodrome. Although the
spectators were mostly limited to the
pupils of the schools and a few ladies, the
boys put up races deserving of greater at
tention from lovers of the. sport.
The meet was for the championship of
the league, with 5 points for the rim
place, 3 for second and 1 for third. The
result was a winning for the Lowell High
School, which scored 23 points, lo 10 for
the Central High School, 3 for the Ala
meda University Academy and 0 for tbe
California College Academy.
Tne entries for the first heat of the half
mile were: Rnss, L. H. S. ; Agnew, C. H.
8.; Bill, L. H. 8. For the second heat:
Woerner, L H. S. ; Kenna, C. H. S. ;
Bozlo, L. H. 8., and Goodfellow, A. U. A.
Rusa won the first in 1:23, with BUI
second. Kenna came out ahead in tbe
second in 1:28 3-5, with Woerner second.
In the linal Russ won In 1:03 1-5, with
Kenna pecond and Woerner third.
For the one mile the entries were Ful
ler, L. H. S., and Bozio, L. H. S., for the
first heat, and Cornell, L. H. S-, Agnew
and Blanchard, both C. H. S , for the s?c
ond. Fuller wou tbe first heat in 2:40.
The second was disqualified because none
of the racers came up to the time limit of
2:40. It was re-run, Blanchard winning
in 2:40 3-5, Cornell second.
By an error of the timekeepers tbe bell
was rung ob the next to tbe last lap.
Blanchard came in first, with Cornell sec
ond, but Blanchard dropped back, think
ing the race was over, and when the bell
rang a second time Cornell crossed the
line a winner, v ith Blanchard second.
It was on account of this error, thereby
decreasing the speed of tbe men, that the
time was allowed. When the final was
run Fuller led off, but Bie.nchard forged
ahead amid the great excitement of tbe
schoolboys. Fuller again went to the
head in a few more laps and stayed there,
despite tbe strenuous efforts of the piucky
Biancbard to pass him, winning in 2 :30 4-5.
Blanchard came second nnd Cornell third.
In the two-thirds of a mile event the
entries for the first heat were Fuller and
Cornell, L. H. S., and Boole, C. H. S. ; for
the second heat Goodfellow, A. U. A.,
Blanchard, C. H. S., and Bill, L. H. S.
The first was won by Fuller in 1:49 3-5,
Cornell second, and the second by Blanch
ard in 1:38, with Goodfellow second. The
final was taken by Fuller in 1:45, with
Goodfellow second and Blanchard third.
Cornell really came in second, but was dis
qualified for not obeying the injunction
that each man to win must at some time
during me race forge to the head.
There was only one heat in the fourth
or two-mile event The entries were Russ,
Boole. 0. H. S., Wosrner and K-nna.
The races were paced by a tandem, and
Boole dropped out on the' third lap. The
first mile was left behind in 2:19 3-5.
Then the men warmed up and began to
work. Kenna led to the last lap, but at
the sound of the gong Rass, riding like a
veritable demon", shot past him and the
stand a winner by a length. Kenna's
chain broke jast as ho passed the stand.
Time, 4:413 5.
Between the various heats the specta
tors were kept interested first by a half
mile tandem exhibition by Boole and
Kroetz. They covered the distance in
1:21 4-5. Then Honigsberg and Shearer
gave a tandem exhibition of a third of a
mile. They did the distance in :39 3-5.
R. A. Welch acted as referee; 0. Hahn,
L. Conklin and C. R. Bm urr as judges;
Geore H. Stratton, U. S. Bacon «nd W.
Levy as timer*; R. baeltzer, A. Duncan
and H. Bonitieid as scorers; T. H. Weath
erford as clerK of the course, with J. Sil
verberg; Douglas White as starter, and
John C. Hines as announcer.
nave You z^^^l&k
Shattered Nerves, m
Young Man? &
Vfilincr Man Have you been indulg- ' Y#fflf V X
i uuii t» man, Ing , ln passlonate and \j)m LfiLjP a
thoughtless pleasures and practices which vJlr7->- //™lih,, %
have wasted your powers ana your (^L-<^^HP*^Kh oM.
health, your nerve force, your physical A\Ts^ l -*§lis!sir """ "^^^»'
vigor and manhood, as if nature would -J*O'^ s(s&s &Sms!B£&*
never ask for an accounting; are you iV^'-^irl&^S? sj//.
weak and nervous. irritaDle, unfit for
work or pleasure; are your vital powers J^M^^^^»
weakened and on the verge , of collapse, '^9^YjMf^^v^J <^§&^&Xmx^
bodily and mentally, through unnatural «^«»^--«^«s*»Jf"«»' «awWs3W^
losses, which drain your rapidly declin- DOCTOR SWEANY,
Jiving the vicious pace that kills ? Are • at 737 Market Street, San Francisco
you going to remain in that condition ? ,-:
Are you going-to let your very face show nature's evidences of these excesses and prac
tices ? Are you going to slip down to your grave, your lite wasted and made miserable,
hiding a degrading weakness or disease? Don't hide it. and don't, for heaven's sake,
neglect it Seek a cure! Be a man again— a man endowed with all nature's vigorous
physiCAl perfection, strong, cheerful and manly! And when you seek a cure, seek one
who can CUKE you, and not one who will experiment with you or take your money and
leave you worse off than before. . " ■ • .
X\\c\r\\e*m AcrpH lV\f*n There are thousands of you suffering from weak backs, ach
IUIUUIC *-*£&v "leu, ing kidneys, frequent passing of sediment, often accompa-
nied by a loss of vigor and power ana impairment of general health. Many die of this
difficulty, ignorant ot the cause, which is the second stage of oreanic weakness. Before
it is everlastingly too lute consult Dr. Sweany, who thoroughly understands your trouble
and can cure you.
Olfl /Wen Who, as * result of overwork, business cares, imprudence or excessive in-
wivi i»iw»i dulgences in former yeors. now suffer from rartial or complete lmpotency or
some distressing bladder trouble— all may find immediate relief; many may be
radically cured. .
RlnnH Pni«ntl In nil its worst forms and stages, Primary, Secondary and Tertiary,
uluuu r UI3U " positively cured for life. Mucous Patches in the mouth, Sore Throat,
Copper-colored Spots, Pimples, Falling Hair, Rheumatism, Ulcers or painful swellings on
any part of the DOdy, the results of Blood Poison, are forever eliminated from the system
with safe remedies. Cures guaranteed. Remember that this one Horrible Disease, if
neglected or improperly treated, curses the present and coming generations.
WpflW Rark'c are an unmistakable sign of diseased kidneys. Does your back ache?
" caiv Liawna Do you have sediment or brick dust deposits in the nrine? Do you uri-
nate frequently? Have you weakness of the generative organs, partial or total po-
tency? It you have any of these symptoms you 'nave diseased kidneys. To neglect theso
troubles means to you diabetes or Bright* disease and a premature grave. DR. SWEANY
invariably cures these diseases.
Vflrirnr Hydrocele, Piles, Fistula. Weak Organs, Swellings and tenderness of the
V U.I iuuwcic, organs and glands treated with unfailing success.
l^linfiirf New method, sure cure, painless treatment.no detention from work, no ex-
I\U|iIUICi periments, no truss. A positive, certain and permanent cure.
CrftAf>i*)| Diseases, Tenderness, Swelling, Contagious Blood Poison* Stricture, etc., quickly
opcwiai cured without pain or detention from business.
Lad leS will receive special and careful treatment for all their many ailments.
Wri if away from the city, as DOCTOR SWEANY ha« a system of home treatment that fa
TV I lie entirely his own. Thousands are cured at home. Book, "Guide to Health," a
treatise on all the organs and their diseases, free on application. Strictest confidence
observed. Call or address .
F". !_■. STW"E3 .AJXTST, lk/£.T2.
737 MARKET SVft.ZSS'X?,
(OPPOSITE EXAMINER OFFICE), SAN FKAS CISCO, CAU
Fact* Offered From Kalamazoo.
Sheriff Whelan has received a dispatch from
Sheriff Thomas Warren of Kalamazoo, Mich.,
makine inquiries concerning a certain Cali
fornia Sheriff who was killed some year 3 ago.
He does not mention the name of this Sherlli',
but says: "I think I can give lull information
on the subject."
NEW TO-DAY.
BIRSCH & KAISER,
Successors to HIRSCH & KAH.N,
333 Kearny street,
Optical Goods § Photo Supplies,
WILL REMOVE MARCH Ist
To No. 7 Kearny Street,
Opposite Chronicle Building;.
1
173 EQUALED FACILITIES FOR THE
PKOPEK Fir TIN OF CLASSES.
Best Equipped Optical Store on the
Pacific Coast.
910
ROPE PULLING IN
THE BIG PAVILION
An Excitable Crowd Wit
nessed the First Contest
of the Tournament.
The Canadian, Swedish, Scotch,
Irish and American Teams
Were the Victors.
On Monday Evening There Will Be
Close Struggles Among the
Winners.
The first international lug-of-war tour
nament of the season opened last night in
the Mechanics' Pavilion under "favorable
auspices, under the management of that
promoter of athletics, D. R. McNeill.
The Pavilion was comfortably Tilled with
the better class of San Francisco's lovers
of genuine sport, including quite a num
ber of well-dressed ladies, who took as
much apparent interest in the contests of
Btrengih and endurance as did their male
escorts.
His honor Judge Campbell, with a brand
new silk "tile" and the kinks in his
whiskers all straightened out, looked tbe
picture of a Judge. When not engaged in
supervising the contest he made himself
sociable with a knot of favored individuals
who were admitted into the inclosure
reserved- for members of the press by of
fering a small wager tbat the "pull" in
tne corridors outside of his courtroom
could outclass the best team in the tour
nament.
Railroad Commissioner Dr. Stanton was
willing to go him one better with tbe
louby in oacramento or that said to hang
round the National Capitol when the
funding bill was up for consideration.
'loose who attended the sport last night
.ivere loud in their praise of McNeiiFa in
dicator, by wnich tbe slightest loss or
gain of either ieam could be plainly seen
lrom the most remote section of the
building.
It was 9:30 o'clock when Judge James A.
Campbell raised his little silver pistol a
considerable distance from bis lovely
whißkers and pointing it in tbe direction
of the big bell attached to the rafters
pulled the trigger, and tbat was the signal
for the onemnjf of the great international
tug-of-war tournament.
The first teams to en<er upon the cleated
platform were ib- French and Cana
dians The batting — and at this mention
the Judge blushed — was in favor of the
Canadians, out the supporters of tbe
French team were not backward in their
coin, and as a result many dollars changed
hand-.
The Canucks soon prove d their supe
riority over their able opponents. The iirst
tug brought the dial or indicator six
inches in the direction of Canada. Then
the n> was a stop, but each time the cap
tain of the Canadian team his men a
aignal tbe indicator moved along slowly
but gradually to the Canadian side. The
contest lasted exactly 5 minutes 45 sec
onds, and was won by the Canadian team.
T.'ie Danish and Swedish teams were
next to put in an appearance. The
Swedes came first and selected the west
end of the platform. Immediately fol
lowing came the Danes, who were a power
ful Aggregation of men. The pools sold I
slightly in favor of tbe fcwede*, who in
. past tournaments proved themielves a
card body of men to defeat.
Judge Campbel a. am appeared at the
starting-post with his little Nix—hooter,
which contained only blank cartridges, as
hr* Honor positively refused to handle
any implement's that carried lead. He re
marked that although his whiskers looked
hoary lie was not ready to bag any game
outside of the jurisdiction of the court
over whicli ho prefides.
At 9:08 o'clock tbe Judge culled the
trigger of his silvered beauty and the tug
wa- in order. Neither team gained an
inch at the start, but ihedial made a jump
to bwedeu. Tne Danes bucicied down and
the indicator moved back to its original
position. After a long rest the Swedish
team made one grand effort and tbe indi
cator inufci' along the stick until it came
bang Hgainst the end. The Swedes won
tbe pull in 4 mm. 26 sec.
T:ie band j-layert a favorite Scottish air,
"Ihe Oamnbens Are Coniici-," and this
was the signal for tiie appearance of the
Highlnii'ifis, who marched like tro"pers
on board tiie platform. The Scotch ie*m
had us its opponents the Italians, who,
although small in stature compared with
their husky antagonists, looked quite an
aggressive body of r.>pe-pulie;s. There
was no pool selling on this bout, as it was
a foregone conclusion that the Scotch team
would win. Once atrai'n the Judge hoisted
Ins li i tie weapon and it cracked. The con
test laMed exactly 3 minutes and 23 sec
onds. ;:mi was easily won Ly tbe sons ol
6ld Scotland.
The Norwegian team marched to the
strains of their national anthem to tbe
platform and then c.une tbe sons o! me
Emerald Isle, to the music of ''Paddy's
Land." They received a hearty cheer
from their countrymen, who were present
in good numbers. Once again the whiskers
of the Judge appeared on the platform,
and -milingly his Honor ordered the
contestants to get ready. The pistol
cracked and the struggle wa« on. The in
dicator moved just a shade to Ireland and
it remaned at a standstill for a minute,
when with one mighty pnil the Irishmen
got their opponents off their punrd and in
a jiffy the indicator skimmed alone the
pole and strnck plump against the finish
slick. Time of pull, 2 mm. 30 sec.
The tinal event of the evening was a
struggle between the United States team
and the German team, and the Americans
won in 8 mm. 41 sec.
SUMMARY OF THI RKBUI.TB.
Canada defeated France la.. 6 mm. 45 fee
Sweden defeated Denmark 4 mm. 20 nee
Scotland defeated lialr 3 mm. 23 sec
Ireland defeated -Norway 2 mm. 30 nee
America defeated (;«Tinany S mm. 41 see
MartiT— Hon. Jnd;:t> J. . Campbell, Timekeeper
— E. Fnedman-HDlrector-Geceral— D. R. McNeil!.
la the weigbt-pulling contests James
Dunning of the Canadian team pulled
500 pounds, Sam Pinkerton of tiie Scotch
team pulled GOO pounds and E. J. Moloney
of the Irish team pulled 500 pound*.
VISITING TRUSTEES.
The San Rafael Hoard Seeking Infor
mation on Municipal Improve
ments «nd Ownership.
ALAMEDA, Cat,., Feb. 27 —The Board
of Trustees of San Rafael and its engineer
were here this morning viewing the strwj
and sewer work, with a view of adopting
a like pan in their city. The electric, hunt
plant came in for a goodly share of their
time and attention.
City Clerk Lam born will visit San Rafael
in a lew days and address the Trustees on
the question of "Municipal Ownership of
Public Utilities." Thej are strongly in
clined to erect a crematory to dispose of
ttie city garbage.
Schuetzen Park's Future.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. 27.— The old
bicycle track at Seliuetzen Park is being
JUDGE CAMPBELL STARTS THE TUG.
leveled. This is where Wells, Foster, Ed- |
wards and many lesser lights began their
careers as cracks of the wheel. Tbe last
big event wa* the Y. 11. C. A. State meet
three years aso. It i* said that the place
will again become a pleasure resort.
I'nitmrian Club Programme.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Fob. 27.— The follow
ing interesting programme has been ar
ranged ior the regular meeting of the
Unitarian Club on next Wednesday even-
I ing:
Reception, social grepting« and introduc
tions; bass solo, Armorer's song from "Robin
Hood" (De Xovea), Walton C. \\>bu; address
by Hon. Horace Davis, "Individua.ism as Op
posed to the 'Group' Idea of Human Life:
Whether as Shown in tne Family, the Coii.
mune or Esewhere"; recess; male quartet,
'•Dame Durdeu" (G. A. Macfnrren), .i.'-ok.iv.
Gott, Eckert and Sect, tiie Uniiarinn Clul)
Quartet; negation, "J. Whitcomb Riley," E.
Sanford Bluff; club chorus, "America," by
everybody.
Naming Their Candidate*.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. 27.— The Good
Governinen; Cluu met in Armory Hall 10
--night and resumed the naming of candi
dates to be voted upon at the primary a
weer from to-night. Each candidate
named was compelled to have ten aeconds
when the secretary placed the name
among tnose to be printed upon ihe pnm
arv ballot. On Wednesday night the club
will finish tbe naming of candidates and
close the roll of m-mbership.
Reported double Wedding.
ALAMEDA, Cat.., Feb. 27.— License to
marry has been granted Eugene Sheridan
of San Francisco and Miss Caroline >la
guire of this city, and- John Blyth of San
Francisco and Mm Margaret Dennison of
this city. It is rumored that this is to be
a double wedding and that it will take
place in this city to-morrow.
Alaraetfa City Notei.
Albert Henry Seebow, the flve-months-old
Child of Mr. and Mrs. Seebow. died at their
home, 2529 Clement avenue, yesterday after
noon in convulsions.
Burglars entered the San Francisco market,
corner of Encinal avenue aud Oak street, last
Thursday n gut and carried off a baseball
I mask, a bat and a pistol.
Yoseinite Council No. 19. Degree of Poct
hontas, was instituted la<u evening la Eureka
• Hall, Masonic Temple. The members of Paw
nee Tribe No. G7, Order oi Red Men, with their
wives and lady mends, attended in full force.
Pant Masters Klect Officers.
Tbe Past Masters' Association , P. and A. M.. |
elected, officer* as follows Friday night: |
John J. Stofeu. presideut, No. 166; W. W.
Moore, first vice-president, No. 169; Louis F.
Dunand, second vice-president, No. 210, James
Patterson, treasurer, No. 30; Ludwlg Schu
macher, nerretsry. No. 127; Charles H. Hryau,
marshal, No. IWJ; David at. Kichards, tyler.
No. 44.
A banquet followed and the sociability was
long to be remembered. Past Master Dunand
an toa?tmu?ter enlivened the occasion by cnll-
ing on the many present for words of cheer
aud wit.
Labor Fxrliange Meeting To-Day.
Tbe Labor Exchange meeting at 909 Market
street this afternoon at 2 o'clock will be ud
dressed by N. J. Manson of Alameda. Mr.
Munson is a vigorous sp'&ker, and bis address
on the Labor Exchange qaestloa will no doubi
be interesting. Meetings are free and all are
invited.
Festival Service.
Owing to the first Sunday in March being
also tbe first Sunday in Lent, the annual
monthly festival service la Grace Episcopal
Church will be given this evening in place of
the first Sunday in ihe month.
Webting Sisters «.ntert h i n m«Mit Off.
The entertainment to be given by the Web
ling sisters at the Olympic Club rooms <-n
Tuesday evening, March 2, has been indefi
nitely postponed.
ADVANCKB made on furnlinre ami pianos, with
or without rmioval. J. Moonan, 1017-11U3 Mission.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1897.
THEY WILL RENEW
THEIR PLEDGES
The League of the Cross
to Parade This Af
ternoon.
There Will Be Special Services
Conducted by the Arch
bishop.
Ssven Thcusacd Cadets Are Expected.
Outsiders M?y HiriJly Be Able
to Get a Glimpse
The members of the Leagns of the Crosn
will assemble in St. Mary's Cathedral this
afternoon at 2 o'clock to renew their
pledges of temperance.
The ceremony will be most imposing.
None but the members of the league will
take part in il and it is feared that the
large cathedral will be unable to accom
modate them- The various branches will
assemble about noon and march in a body
toward Van Ness avenue, headed by the
uniformed cadet companies. The regi
ment of the League Cadets will then form
while the youDger boys will enter the
I church. Then with flairs H vine and drums
beating the cadets will march in.
The religious services will consist of the
"Prayer for the Church and Civil Authori
ties" composed by Archbishop Carroll,
the friend oi Washington.. The audience
will take part in the tinging of the league
hymns, after which Archbishop Rior
dan will deliver a sermon to the boy- and
administer the piedg». Benediction of
the blessed sacrament and ttie singing of
Te Deum conclude the celebration.
Tne hours for assembling for tne variou«
! branches are as follows:
I St. Peters Branch Company I, L. 0. C, 1
o'ciock;St. Pauls --eiilor an«l junior brnnches
and Company X, L. C. C, 12:50 o'clock; St.
James Branch and Comptuy X, L. C. <' 1
o'clock; Mission Dolores Branch and Com
pany L, L. C. C, 1 o'clock: St. Charles Branch
and Company B, L. C (*., 1 o'clock; Youths' Di
rectory Branch. 1 o'c:ock; St. Joseph's Branch,
1:15 o'clock; All Hallows' Branch, 1
j o'clock; St. Teresa's Branch, 1 o'clock; St.
Rote'a Branch, 1 o'clock; St. Brendan's
Branch and Company H, L. 0. C, 1 o'lock; St.
Patrick's Brawn, 1:10 o'clock; St. Mary's
(Pauli-t«). 1:15 o'clnct; St. Francis Branch
ami Company M, L. C. C, 1 o'clock; St.
Brlgla's Branch and Comnanf G, L. C. C, 1:30
o'clock; Holy Cross Branch, 1:15 o'clock;
Sacred Heart Branch and Company D. L. C.
C, 1:15 o'clock; St. Mary's Cathedral Branch
and Company A, L. C. C, 1 :80 o'clock. The
branches located outside of San Francisco are
Instructed to leave in sufli ient time to arrive
at the cathedral at '1 o'clock.
To-day ihe forty-hour adoration will
begin at St. Ignatius Church. After the
late mass the blessed sacrament will be
carried in procession through the church,
members irom the gentlemen's and
students' sodalities participating. From
tlie conclusion of the procession until th»
mass on Tuesday morning, the sacrament
will be exposed for the adoration cf the
faithful. Sunday evening after vespers,
Rev. B. Calzifl, S.J., will deliver a sermon
on the "Real Presence." A grand musical
programme has been arranged for Sunday
morning and evenine, and will be rendered
bvja quartet of professionals, assisted by
a mule chorus.
The following will be the morning pro
gramme: Or^an prelu ie, overture to the
occasional oratorio, (Handel); Mann in G,
(Gounod); Benedic'.u*, (J. B. da Filcon
dra); offertory piece, "O'Cor," (Riga);
organ postlude, Communion in G. (Bni>
tisie): meditation, (F. Cappocci). The
evening procramme will be as follows:
Organ prelude. Elevation, (Saint Sacns);
vesper* (choral); magnificat, (Rossi);
Motette, "Jesu Dulcis, (Rigi); Tantutn
Erco, (Lambillotte); organ postiude,
"Processional March," (Gu Imant).
Every Sunday evening during Lent one
of a series of lectures on interesting sub
jects will be delivered at St. Ignatius
Church.
During the coming season of Lent the
Rev. Father Powers, C. S. P., will on every
Wednesday evening deliver a discourse
anon "Tiie Passion of our Lord Jesus
Christ" in Si. Mary's Church, California
street, at 7:45 o'clock. The following wilt be
the order of the discourses: Asn Wednes
day, March 3. "In the Gaiden of Olives";
Wednesday, March 10, "The Betrayal";
Wednesday, March 17. "Before Annas and
Caiaphas' ; Wedne»dnv, March 24, "Before
Herorl and Pilate"; Wednesday, March
31. "Tha Denial"; Wednesday, April 7,
••Jesm or Barrabas" ; Wednesday, April
14, "The Journey to Calvary."
This evening the ?erv;ces at the Firßt
Baptist Church will be siven into the
hands of the Endeavorers of ihe church,
who will present an interesting pro-
gramme.
The Salvation Army's woody a rd was
opened yesterday. It is hoped that it will
meet with the. success it deserves.
Rev. "William R. Alger of Boston will
preach to-day in the Berkeley Unitarian
Chinch. This will be bis first sermon
here in four years or more, and be comes
now as the pastor of the church, .having
accepted the call extended to him some
time ago.
\ lie v. Dr. Pond left Thursday for his an
nual visit to tbe mission of Southern Cali
fornia. He will be cone a month or so.
This evening a special musical service,
comprising selections from the oratorio of
"Elijah" will be rendered by the Calvary
Church choir, consisting .of Mrs. Priest-
Fine, soprano; Mrs. Sedgley- Reynolds,
contralto; D. M. Lawrence, tenor; Walter
C. Campbell, bass and musical director,
and K. D. Burneis, organist, assisted by
others. This will be an opportunity for
lovers of tbe highest order of sacred music
seldom presented, and especially when no
charge is made for admission, the only
desire of tbe musical director being to
elevate the musical taste of tbe public.
This is the third "Oratorio" eveuins this
season, and the next, and last one, will be
rendered on Sunday evening, March 28,
with selections from the oratorio of "Su
Paul" by .Mendelssohn.
A "poppy social" will be given in the
parlors of Calvary Church on Tuesday
evening, March *9. An original song,
"Golden Poppies," dedicated to the En
deavorers, will be snng by the composer.
There will also be selections by the
Kspanita Mandolin Club.
Dr. Hemphill of Caivarv Presbyterian
Church has rented one of the houses on
the newly acquired properly, corner of
.lactson and Fillmore streets, and will re
move there during the month of March.
Wednesday evening there will be a
midweek prayer-meeting at Central M. E.
Church, conducted by Brother J. H.
Smith, the evangelist, who sails for Hono
lulu on the steamer China Thursday.
The Ladies' Aid of Potrero M. E.
Church is preparing a "hard-times social"
for March 11. A good time and enter
taining programme may be expected.
Rev. \V. A. Gardner will preach this
afternoon at 3 o'clock at the Y. M. C. A.
building on "The Worst Thing in the
World.'-
Arrangements have been made to have
Rev. Howard Russell come here during
June and canvass the State and then hold
a State convention July £ or *'•
On Friday evening there will be a "grand
vecal and instrumental concert" given by
the De Moss Family Quartet at California
street Church. The concert is under tne
auspices ot the Ladies' Aid Society. The
De Moss family, "lyric bards of America,"
have given concerts in all parts of the
Uniied States, and those who attend are
sure of a rare treat. Forty-one musical
instruments are used at each entertain
ment. The price of admission has been
lixed at 25 cents, and tickets can be bad of
any of the ladies of the church. Come
anil hear this unique entertainment.
During Lent special retreats will be
given at the Academy of the Sacrei
Heart, Ellis and Franklin streets, and also
at the Sacred Heart Presentation Convent,
Taylor and Ellis streets.
There will be a meeting of the pro
eramme Committee of the State Conven
tion at 11 a. M., Tuesday, March 2, at the
Y. M. C. A. building in this City. Ti:e
programme committees or all other de
partments of the Stale meeting have been
invited lo meet witli them and help ar
range a lirst-class programme.
On Ash Wednesday morning high mass
will be celebrated at the cathedral at 9
o'clock, beiore which the ashes will be
i>lessed. Every week morning during
Lent masses will be celebrated at G, 7 ;ind
9 o'clock. Every Wednesday evening
there will be a sermon end benediction of
tue blessed sacrumentandon Friday even
ings the way of tue cross and the benedic
tion of the blessed sacrament. On tne
other evenings there will be the rosary
and an instruction.
Returning on Passion Sunday at high
mass a retreat will be given in the cathe
dral lor the people ot the parish, especi
ally the men. Tee reireat will close with
a solemn pontifical inavs and the papal
benediction on Ea-ter Bnnday morning.
The Women's Board of Missions will
hold a quarterly nieetine at the First Con
pregationai Cnurco, on March 3, from
11:30 to 3:3 J. The current events com
mittee, Mrs. S. F. Bultord, cba.rman, will
report as follow*: Mrs. R. C. Pike. Turkey
and the Armenians; Mis-s Laura Richards,
India; Miss Clark, Africa and the work of
Rev. and Mrs. Aldin Grout; Mrs. Bufford,
Greece and the Cretans; vocal solos will
be given by Mrs. J. T. McDonald, Miss
Doane and Mrs. L. H. Hallock. A native
Armenian will speak, and missionaries
from Japan and India are expected to be
present.
Mr. Davenport will address the San
Francisco public in the Metropolitan
Temple, this evening, on "Christ's Secoud
Coming."
FELL OFF THE DREDGER.
A Man Drowned in a Mysterious War
in the E<t nary.
OAKLAND, Cau, Feb. 27.— Andrea Far
osich was drowned in tue estuary this
morning in sight of his companions. He
was employed on Captain Voo Schmidt's
dredger. No one saw him fall, but some
of bis companions heard a splasti and ran
to the side of the dredger but could render
him no help an he was not seen|to rise after
once «oi:ijj ir.to the water. He was an ex
pert swimmer and his deatn is a mystery.
It was thought that be might have struck
his head in falling, but on being recovered
no marks were found to indicate such a
theory. Farosich leaves a widow and six
children, who reside in Alameda.
Shot a Tacntna In' ictmtn
TACOMA, Wash., Feb. 27— W. A. Lan
derville was arrested last evening at Ana
cortes, charged with shooting the Tacoma
police officer, Brotton, in December last,
when Brotton discovered him and a con
federate, Jack Connelly, effecting an en
trance to a saloon.
Brotton positively identifies Lander
dale as the man who fired the first snot.
The police are looking for Connolly, who
is BO uiu counterfeiter and all-around
crook, well known to the San Francisco
police. Brottcn was shot twice, narrowly
escaping death.
KEW TO-DAT.
cuts
GRIP
short
New York, Mrs. Dowwkt, 42 W. 98th
St., "I took "77" for Grippe and it cured
me; one small vial."
Fentwater, Mich., The Crescent Drug
Store, "We find your "77" for Grip and
Colds 'a wonder. 1 'Every packag) more
than satisfies.' "
Lincoln, Neb., O. J. Wilcox, E-q., of the
Farmers' Mutual Insurance Company,
writes: "I have been using your "77" for
Grip with such success that I want to have
your other Specifics at hand. Kindly send
me Manual of Diseases."
Richmond, Va., John Mitch*ll Jr.. Ed-
itor and Proprietor of the Planet: "We
are much pleased with the Specifics; they
act quickly and without any disagreeable
results. "77" is 'electrical' in its action.
A friend of mine, W. H. Isham, 809 N. sth
St., suffering with a cold of a year's dura-
tion, altbough under the treatment of a
physician, was cured by "77."
nr. Humphreys' Homeopathic Manual of Dis-
eases ai your uruggist's or Mailed Free.
A small bottle of pleasant .pellets, Hts the vest
pocket. Bold by druggists, or scui on receipt of
25 cents, or Jive fur $1. Humphreys' Medicine
company, corner William and John streets, Naw
York.
NEW TO-DAY.
AGREA^T
| WEEK FOR |
| THE SICK!
One week Free trial treatment— absolutely free — the best doctors' skill and all medicines
free— for one week, commencing Monday, March i, '97. Six years ago we first made this
offer. The result was surprising. We treated over 2000 patients during tbe week. We made
friends everywhere. We showed them a way to get well at a reasonable cost. We showed
them our method of treating all diseases, particularly those of the Eye, Ear and Throat; bow
we supplied all medicines free and how we saved them all the druggists' extortionate charges.
During our long practice in San Francisco we have treated thousands of patients successfully in
all parts of tbe State. If you suffer, come and be cured.
TjEtMEZMBER THIS WEEK
CONSULT A TIO&C, ADVICE \AZND TTjEtATMEUjT
ABSOLUTEL V FREE! NO RESTRICTIONS !
EVEN MEDICINE FUTjNISHED FREE.
If you live at a distance, send for our medical blank. We will on receipt of it from
you diagnose your case and tell you what treatment is necessary.
GOPELAND MEDICAL INSTITUTE, .uketst.
Office hours— From 9 A. M. to 12 M., 2 COLUMBIAN BUILDING
to 5, 7toBP. M. Sundays and Holidays — (Over Beamish' s),
10 A. M. to 12 M. only. Room 18. Third Floor.
MACKAY'S
p^ 55 ! GREEN
|=| TAG
F=l SALE!
To Reduce Stock at this time we start
this special sale.
THIS SOLID OAK SUITE,
Piano Polish, 7 pi eces complete.
GREEN f^.y
OLD TAG l-% A . .
PRICE PRICE P ; r~~*j.
$38.00 $27.75 lys -
JE3]
OUR ENTIRE STOCK
FALLS IN THIS PROPORTION.
CARPETS. UPHOLSTERY.
SALE CONTINUES [f- 1
30 DAYS : • li
FROM MARCH 1. |p=|
Alex Mackay ~j{!il| j
& Son, * ». — — —^]j
715 MARKET ST.
PROBATE SALE REAL ESTATE.
KSTATG OF JULIA nORRISON. DECEASED.
AT AUCTION.
Wednesday '.: March 10. 1897.
At 12 o'clock. m. at the salesroom of
BOVEE, TOY & SONNTAQ.
Real Estate Agent * and Auctioneers,
30 Montgomery St., opp. Lick House.
6OQ-654 SACRAMENTO ST.. NORTH SIDE,
i 3& 137:6 ft- east of K<>arny, east 34:4 i' 2 x
119 :6, ' throngh to Commorcla 1 . with ' Improve-
meats thereon. cooslitinK of a S-story and base-
ment brick buTUlru renting for 9210 per month.
QIA VALENCIA ST., W. SIDE, 105 SOUTH
>/l"nf i:Otb, lot 35x110 ft; improvena«n:«
th'fteon, 3-story fr.t me Milldlng renting for $100
per moiit'i. This property hat a great future ana
will enhance in value.
T OT ON NORTH 81 OF LOMBARD ST
it 137:6 leeteast of Buchanan, east 64x137:6
feet: tbl-t Is a fine lot to build on, having a good
view.
FII.LMORK-ST. I.OT, EAST BIDK, 85 FRET
X norhof Lombard, thence north 5-:6 feet.
east 137 feet, south ■ 37:6 feet to the north side
of .Lombard, thence west 27:6 feet on Lombard,
thence north 85 feet, w si 110 feet to east side of
FiUmore.
fl RRKNWICH • ST. LOT, SOUTH SIDK,
" * 152:5 6- 16 feet west of Buchanan, westl22-.7x
120 feu through to Plxlev st.; tins lot is ready to
build on and finely located.
/-IHKSTNUT-ST. LOT, SOUTH SrDE. 137:8
\J foet east of Lagnna; size 68:9x137:6 feet; 1-16
Interest.
■ GREKNWICH-ST. LOT, SOUTH BIDE 162:6
VJT feet west of Cough at., west 75 by 110 feet.
I>OrNA-ST. LOT, BEING THE NORTH-
i west corner of Lombard St., size 30x110 feet;
one-.Mxieeuth interest.
A 1.80 IX AND TO AN UNDIVIDED INTER-
v V e»t he'd by the above estate In a certain tract
Of land situated in the City and County of Sa i
Francisco and known as the Hlekett claim.
All aalea nubjeot to confirmation of
Probate Court. 833!5f&3
. * BOVEK, TOY & SONNTAO.
Real J-N'.au* Aceiits anil Auctioneers,
30 Montgomery St., opp. Lick House.
BUSH-ST. THEATER.
Uco. E. Cratkb Jr. Lessee and Manager
Week lieelnnine Moidav, March 1.
SATUIJDAV AND SUNDAY SIATI>KKS
THE KABTSRN >I('F9S.
SI PERKINS.
A Perfect Picture of Old Friends Down East.
Bargain Prices— loc, 20c and 30c.
Next Week— MO XT.-. | « ttIHTO, with Miss Essie
Tittell in the cast and a powerful company.
I* A.BerteltOK. f re* H. Nordinan. Vlee-Prej,
A. W. Kirk, sec ioa. 2(ordman. Treas
• (Formerly 427 Rearny St.)
HAS REMOVED TO
16 KEARNY STREET
E "PATENTS! J
MARKET S.T.SJ^££/
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
SAPRAWO&IRTHPi
CMC RAILWAY CO.
Ilburon Ferry — Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DATS— 7:3O. 9:00, 11:00 a.m.-. U:S\
8:30, 5:10, 6:30 P. M. Thursdays— Kxtra trio
•i 11:30 r. M. Saturdays— Kxtra trips M 1:50
and 11:30 r. v.
BL-Ni>AVs-- : iti), 8:30, 11:00 a. X.; 1:30, 3:3%
6:00. 6:20 P. M.
San Rafael to San Franoliieo.
WEEK DAYS— 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 A. it-
-12:45, 3:40, 5.10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra ;rlai
at 1 :55 p. M. and 0:35 p. m . *
SUNDAYS— ■<:!(>. 0:40. 11:10 a. m.: 1:40, 3:i%
6:00. 6:25 P.M.
Between San Francisco and Schuetten Park satni
schedule as above.
Leave Tn _-__. Arrive
San Frauclsco. oct 14? Ban Fr * ncl * ! »
— — -" ' ni iK ( iri " T7. "*^™ l
Path. I pats. Tw>.tln.tl(«i BAY a. I Days.
Dat». I pats. "*»"»»*» on. DAY!L | DAy^
7.30 am 8:00 AMI - Norato, 10:40 am 8:40 a*
3:30 pm 9:30 am l'etaluma, 6:10 pm 10:25 ah
6:10 pm 1 6:00 PM, Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm t>:22 p>
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor. 10:26 am
Healdsburg.
I yuan.
GeyservUle,
3:30 PM 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:3» pm 6:23 pm
* ; | Vleta,
j Holland <k
7:30 am 8:00 am Uklah. 7:35 pm g:2lrn
7:30 AM ' " 10:25 aM
18:00 am GuernevUle, 7:36 pm
3:30 PM) "22
7:30 am 8:00 aU Sonoma 10:40 am 8:10 am
and
6:10 PM 6:00 PM Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:22 p*
7:30 am; 8:00 AMI B#taMtODoL 10:40 am 10:2 i am
8:30 5:00 pmJ a * t>a » to P <>L | 6:10 pm| 6:22 PM
Stasis connect at Santa Rosa for Mart West
Springs: at CJpyservllle for Skates Springs : at
Cloverdalp for the Geysers; at Pieta for Highland
Springs. Kelseyville, Soda Bay and l.akt>port; at
Hophind for JLakeport and Bart Sprinsri; at
L'kmii for Vlcby >i)rinirs, Saratoga Springs, Biu.i
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, I'omo, Potter
Valley. John Day*, Riverside, Llerley's, Buck-
noil's, Sanhedrln Ilelgbts. Hullville, Boonevilie,
tireenwood, Orr"» Hot Springs. Meudoclno City,
Fort Bra«, Weiiport, Usal, wuiets. Cabto, Co-
velo. Laytonvlile. Harris, Scotia and Kureka. ..
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at red uoed
latfsj
On Sundays round-trip ticket* to all points be-
yond San Rafael at half rat**-
Ticket Offices, 650 Market at., Chronicle banmnj.
A.W. FOSTER. . K. X. RYAN,
l'r ■*. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Atlantic
RAILROAD ' raPpliiiii^ii^
Trains leave and arrira *t^BS SsHE s&u
alarkei-BUeet t'ecty. Wm&siS^Si~tkjt
SASTA FEIXPRESS. W&M
Xo Chicago via A. & F. vS*§j2S?Q\iTsl
Leaves da ly ai 6 : j0 p. m.. carrrlnc JMll-uan Palac«
Drawing-room and -Modern Upnolst^red TourUt
Sleeping-cars, which run dally thn>a«h to ChicaVa
TU Kansas City. Ann- caw for D«nver and a"
Boston K.rcuMlons, via Kansas City, Chlcamv
Montreal and the White Mountains leave every
Tuesday. — , mwm *r
The best railway from California to the BaaL
new rails, new ties-.' no dust: interesting *cener7
■ad good meal* In Harvey* dining-rooms. *
San ranolaco Ticket Office, 644 Market
St., Chronicle Buildlu . Telephone Malm
1631. Oakland, ilia _
MOUNT TAMALPAIS.
WEKK DAYa-Leave aF. 9:15 a.m. 1.45- -
6UNDAY^-Le.TeB.F.BA. M il:3of M. 8 !^/- £
Beturnlng-Arrlve 8.F.1 :15 p.m. 4:20 p.m. 735J it
Tickets for gale In Mill Valley or
THO.v. COOK A I«UXS. Bal Markat it m. v
MIU VaUty and Mount TajtLalj^^StfftJnw^
WEAK MEN AND WOMEN.
CURED AS IF BY MAGIC.
DAS IMITATORS; BUT 50 EQUALS.
.^- By fifty per cent the
£«go^csK best made. Call or
Hj^JjijM^ send for free book.
Pn^pSF "How to Get Health
W-^jf . and How to Keep It."
/^*3«>'^i§s&>*r > ' Advice of European
' *~Y \{> -Doctors'. ; Climates ihat
Ailf ik cure disease.. .
* >,^•"■"•'* THE VfRCHOW CO.
™ (LIMITED),
American A -nuts, 100 Stoohto.i 5;,..5.F.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
K^s?^ AND WABHINOTON BTS.-RJI.
"■ modeled and renovated. KINO, WAKO*ooT
European plan. Kooms 500 to $1 60 per day. «J
{£•*♦ Pfr «">«*, Wto »3O per montn: tree oatai:
sSar™ CQla . W<tM>r eVery "*" ***** "
•very room; ele vatur ruiu aUnixUk.
I&&08} MANHOOD RESTORED^^"SE
M^^r^JflV ,— MinilllUwU iIL>«J I UllLUvifciilz.-r.theprescrlp.
(V v <*; P^T lw>*» •*»* jS tlon ot a famous French physician, will quickly cure you of all ner.
\\\ x.\ / \*\ .TV yoos or diseases of the generative organ*, such as Lost Manhood.
>|  £3AJ V* jdaAl Insomnia^'uins in the Back, Seminal Emissions, Nervous Debility
Vjr ~^W A Pimples, Unfltness to Marry, Kxhausting Drains. Varlcocele and
>C r V / Constipation. It stops all losses by day or night Prevents oulck.
>Ck-*^ nessol discharge, which If not checked leads to Spermatorrhoea and
BEFORE, and AFTER »»Uio horrors of Impotency. «'ITI»IDKJIJE cleanses the liver,
i -._.__.__• •»•" -Wdneysand the urinary all impurities. -...-
CvrinEXE strengthens and restores small weak organs. ■ •
" reason milffr'.r, are not cured by Doctors Is because ninety per c»nt are troubled wltk
l ? ro^ tm * *"• CCPlDE^Elsthoonly fcnoVn remedy to cure without aaorn ration. 8000 traUmonS
2! !^-\ wriU -'' v , flru » ram '' eBrlvea and money returned if six boxes does not effect a pe-inaueuteowk
|1.00 a box, six for $5.00, by mall. Send for frse circular and testimonials. v ' i«-umaeuieur*
AU4ie*« JJAVOi, MJBUiCINJfI CO.. 1170 Market street, San Frandsco, Cal. Forsaleb*
■ feKGOJta' iUAKiii.cv. 118 PoweU sirs«b
RAILROAD TRAVEi:
LEAVg I i-ROMFKBBTJABY 16, 1897 I ABBIvi
MI'THKBH PA4JIFIC COMPAirr,
(PACIFIC HVXTBM.) • ■;■; ■V-
Trnlrui lear« »a«l nre «!»«• to arrive Ml ,
SAN rKAN«'IW«-O-
-'•:O*a Nnea, Ban Jose and "Way StaMons... ' MS.
7:OOa Atlantic Express, Ogtltn and Km*., fc:*S?
7:00 a Banioia, Vacaville, Kumsey. Sacra-
mento. Orofllle and Redding via
Daiis i. «i43p
7:80 a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, Napa,
Calistoga and Santa Rosa Oilß*
(*:3Oa Nile.-., San Jose, Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, MarysTllle, Chloo,
Teliama and Red UluH -4>lSp
•Bi3oa Peters and Milton *7il3r
« •:««a Niw Orleans Express, Raymond (for'
Yosemitc), Fresno, BakenOcld.
Santa Uarbara, l,os Angeles, Dem*
. ing, El Paso, New Orleans and
East 4i4Bp
9:OOa Martinez and Stockton ° 4:45p
9:00 a Vallejo 6jl3p
Miles, San Jose, Lltermore and
Stockton 7i1.1p
•I:OOp Sacramento Hirer Steamers »0 :OOp
liOOp Miles, San Jose and Lirermora B>43a
tl:B*r Port CosU and Way Stations 11:43?
4:OOp Martinez, San Ramon. Vallejo.
Napa, Callstoga, Xl Verauo and
Santa Rosa VilSa
4i«Op Eenicia, Vacarille, Woodland,
Knights Landing, MarysTille, Oro->
Title and Sacramento 11:15*
4>S»p Lathrop, Stockton, Modesto, Mer-
ced and Fresno, going via Kllea, ■
returning Tia Martinez 11i434
SiOOr Angeles Express, Tracy,
Fresno, Santa Barbara and JjOS . 7. _
'Angela .".... I '■ » A
•••Or Santa F« Route, Atlantic Express ■> ._
for Mojara and East & *&*
•tOOp Knropeau Mall, Ogilan and Kast.... »=« ■»
6<OOp Iluy>rards, Miles and San Jose 7:45*
|7:OOp VaUcjo t7i43»
7:OOp Oregon Express, Sacramento. Marys*
Title. Redding, Portland. l'ligek
Sound and Kast 11:13 a
"flOtOOr " Sunset limited." Fresno, Los -.."•.■
Angeles, HI Paso, New Orleans
ana East §l*:43p
SANTA CU>?/ IHTISIQN (Narrow Oangej.
Si ISA Newark, lose. Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations OlSOr
•*:18p Newark. Centerrille, San Jose, New
Almadeii, Fclton, ISoulder Creek,
Santa Cniz and Principal Way ■ ■\'
Stations •! 1:20 a
4:1.1 1- Newark, Ban .lose and l.os (iatos ... 9:30 a
fll:15p HunteTs' Excursion, San Jose and
Way Stations 17»»0p
COAST l»l VISION (Hi l X lowri»ipnd Slh.)
C:43a San Jose and Way Stations (New
AlmaUeu Wednesdays only) If HOP
•:13a San Jose, Tres l'iiios, Santa Crus,
Pacific GroTe, Paso Rubles, San V
I. tils Obispo, Guad&lupe, Soif and
Principal Way .Stations 7:00p
IO:4Oa San Jose and Way Stations 5:OOp
I1::J(»a Palo Alto and Way Stations 3:30»
•2:30r San Mateo, Menlo Park, San JoB^
Gilroy, Tres Pibos, Santa Cnir,
Salinas.Montereynmll'ncilicGrovo *1O:IO\
*:i::»»p S.in Jose and Viiy Htntions &:4.1\
•■l:3op Sao If.-.euml Way Stations *8:03 i
3:3» Ha, ..<nseHinl Principal Way Stations *8:43 a
O:3Oi-San Jose and Way 5tati0n5.. ....... fl:33\
<11:43|. San Jose mid Way Stat=mis 47:4-1f
SAX IiEANUBO AJil) UAtHARUS L«jI!AL.
i'6:OO/»; ( 7:13 a
8:OOa 1 . (0:43 a
lit u»a | Kelrose, Seminary Park, Jills*
a l£&\ Fitchb.rg,S»iiL ».(lro \*:*%
3:OOp M _ d 1 4:43*
4:OOp " I 8:4.1 p
3:00p HaTwarda. «:|3p
5:3«p Hajrwaras. 7:43p
7:OOp H:43l
8:OOp "■■ j. •;•- .__. »:J."Sp
i <>i(>4>p • Knns through to Nile*. 1O:3Op
ttll;l»P^ tFromNilcs. maiOOp
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIN mNCISCO— Foot or H.rket Street (SUp 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. tl:flS *2:00 13:03
; •4:00 tB:OO •6:00 p.m.
*Rom OAIUHD— root if Bread wit — *6:00 8:00
' 10:00 a.m. *12:00 *l:00 t2:00 *3:00 -ti:C3
•sK3Qpji; • ' ■ ' ■ 9
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
' Sundays excepted. ■ \ Saturdays only.
I Sundays only.
ft Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
■TTueulajß and Saturdays. I Sundays and Thursdays.
KORTB PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via SHiisaltto Ferry).
trow San Francisco, Commencing Sept. 13, 185
WEEKDAYS.
i or Mill Valley ana Sun Rafael— »7 l23. •9:iB t
11:UO a. M. "1:46, 3:45, •5:16.»3:45.t»:30 P.lf".
Extra trips foe Sin Kafitel on Mondays. Wednes-
days and Saturdays a: 11 :30 p. m. '
SUNDAYS.
For Mtll Valley and Sin I'afael— «B -00. »10:00
•11-.3J /. M.; *l:;-0, 3:00 v *4:80. 6:16*. M.
Trains marked • run to san Quentln.
THROUGH TRAINS.
™- FO F J 0 ' 111 Keyes and way statlons-7;85 a. H.
\\ eeUd .ys, 8:00 a. v. iMindavs, 1:46 r. it Satur-
days. r
| ior raz -dero and wa.-stations-7:26 a. U. week-
days; 1:15 p. m. Saturdays.
THE SAS FR iJCISCO \U SIS JOAPJ
VAILKV H AILWA V COlPllf.
FROM JANUARY 81.1897. passenger trains
will run dally,
.-southbound. Station). Northbound
7:2(» a. m S«;orkton 6:40 p.m.
9:49 am .....Meroea 3:14 » it
11: CO a M v.v.r. Fresno.' 1:10 P. if.
For Intermediate stations tee tlrnn-tattle.
Coiiin»ctinic sier.mboats xif the C N. A I. Co.
leave San f>an:lsco aiid >io kt< at 6p. K. daily.TO PREACH
TO THEIR
PREACHERS
The Peculiar Mission of
Dharmapala of India to
the West
MISSIONARIES ALL LACK
TACT.
They • Ignore Eastern Supersti
";. tions But Preach Their Own
;' r ■ With Fervor.
: WOTJiLD RECONCILE THEM TO
• " BUDDHISM.
Something- 'About the Horrors of
' ••• "Famine* Whs re Labor Is Paid
o • •• • •'2 Cents a Lay.
§.. °It is a rather novel mission, that of
Anagarika Dh*rmapaia from India to this
•country. He comes to preach humanitar
ia.nism and consideration and method, not
to speak of brotherly love, to missionaries
.■• who go. into India. Five minutes in the
. company of Dharmapaia discovers to the
. • least .observing a remarkable man. He is
quite youn.g in appearance — say about 32 —
• ; to be possessed of bis attainments. He is
a Singhalese by birtn, he has lived in
India for many years and has adopted it
: as his .country. He has the mild, quiet
manner, but nothing of the obsequious
•'.ness of the Singhalese. He is tall and
.• slim in figure, his skin is a deep chocolati
color, and. his eyes and long, wavy hair
a-nd'thin beard and mustache are black
m his"picture-que raiment is composed *■'-
simple windings of a bright yellow cloth.
He has complete command of English, in
■ the .use of which he permits himself a
o slight foreign accent. He is the general
secretary of the Maha-Bodi Society of In
. • di», which attempts a reconciliation of
Buddhism and Christianity.
■ To abjure and banish ignorance and
. • superstition and selfishness — that is my
' religion," he say*. "It is my mission to
preach that, "for that is what Buddha
preached. With all the intellectual i lv
. 'mipation of .the present day there is still
• ' " superstition clouding and hampering the
, mind; • You don't like to sit down to
table as the thirteenth person. President
•• McKiniey will carry with him to the
"White, House a horseshoe that has been
" presented 10 him. You say that Is but a
• pleasantry, but still if the highest in the
lapd-. recognize the sign of a superstition
.even as a'joKe, how must, the mass of the
_-•. people feiel with regard to these same
". ; signs? Now,' that is what I came to say
„' . to th"ote rr ho send missionaries to India.
.' "The -common people there have. certain
•innocent superstitions or customs which
..\-.it'ls"T\-eU that tbo c who seek to gain their
• • 1 .sympathies should recognize. Suppose 1
..'../ come .here.-and have torses killed for I
• '„ '. tabitf? .Would I, not prejudice the people
against me? The cow is sacred in India.
■'• Jt.is the giver of life. It is the beast o;
..' burden and" it gives mi.k. How can any
. body eat the. flesh of so us? ml an animal?
_ '•Only 'the' scavenger and the missionary
; '"—does so in India. And the two are
• ■ "' cp'upled at. once in the mind of the
" . -. : people." : . •.. . -.
'.' •' "4 fie missionary goes hunting and ruth
. lessly kills in India, which is considered a i
." very base thing to do; he does not set ;
• ; himself greatly against the introduction
-* gi' -Western whisky, and in many other
• ..;• wa\:s h"e does not .live as and is not that
: example of uprightness, purity and zeal
.-.- ' that 'i tie people expect, in an apostle of
. • tie true religion.
'. • ■•' "Disregarding* the little superstitions of
. . 't.he '.people of India in a manner that «f
- .::-' - fronts them they, the missionaries, give
expression to their own superstitions. i
• This is hat I came to confer with the
°. . missionaries concerning. I would say to
■ •. . tl em, "•Brothers, let us live such lives, so
upright and pure and steadfast for the
. ' truth,- £6' humane, so marked by brotherly
: Jove &}id kindly consideration that our
1 yes shall recommend the doctrines we
preach; let us free our ruinds rirst from
superstitions that we may be better able
to load others out of theirs."'
( "You see," continued Dharmapala,
"the people of India, the laboring classes,
are very, very ignorant — oh, so ienorant.
They know how to plow and sow and reap
and that is all. Now, when the mission
ary comes to them and preaches his doc
trine of redemption with all the force of
his intellectual powei the poor, ienorant
people accept it with all its superstitions
rather than with its higher lights. When
they are told that t eir sins shall be
washed away through the b!ool"of Jesus
they see no need of personal effort. Oh,
I think it is a great &in. That whicn de
stroys individuality is wrong. Buddha
preached tbe utmost freedom of thought
to clear the mind. Disciules are expected
to think for themselves. Then it comes
to this: that no priest is necessary. Each
individual must himself strive for the
heights."
Speaking of Buddha's teachings, Dhar
mapala said: "This is the year 2480 of
the era of Buddha. It is a popular belie;
among his followers that with the twenty
hve hundredth year there will L>e a great
revival of his teachings, which will spread
over the western world as It has hitherto
obtained in the east. The discoveries ana
teachings of Huxley, of Darwin, of Tyn
dal, ol Herbert Sceucer, Schopenheuer,
Haeckel and of Bishop Berkeley but an
ticipated the spread of the doctrine in the
west as that of Buddha anticipate them
by thousands ot years in the east.
Buddhism flourished over India and
throughout Asia for 1500 years and it
marked the period of India's glory. Oh,
vex, we nave an ethical code; we are all
right there. But as all things contain the
seeds of decay. Buddhism died in India
and is now Mroii-est in China and the
Penin-ula. We are making an effort to
revive it and have made a very good be
ginning. I would ask the Christian mis
sionaries to study this religion that they
may at least know what it is that they
wish to supplant."
Asked aoout the famine in India,
Dharmapala lifted up his hands and said:
"Ah, they are starving there, starving. It
cannot be relieved by the new crops before
May, at least, and in the meantime the
suffering is horrible. You see they had
no thought of the drouth. In ancient
times they used to store up grain to meet
such an emergency, but now the English
Government makes no provision for it,
and poor people cannot. The English
merchant offers them money, and of
course they sell. Every kernel of grain in
tne country is bougnt up and shipped out
of t c country. Tne very lowest prices
are offered them, and they know nothing
of th>- value in the markets of the world.
Consequently they are* unprepared to
meet any emergency. The crop failed,
and they starve.
"The average traveler in India gains
little knowledge of ihe real condition of
the people. The traveler >ees the hand
some houses of tbe English in the towns;
■ verythi'i _' looks trim and beautiful, and
they come away with the impression that
it is a prosperous, well-goveraed country.
They do not see ihe abject poverty and
-iaverv of the people that can be learned
by penetrating but a few mile^ away from
the station. They do not know that the
improvements they admire were paid for
at the rate of 2 cents lor a day's labor — a
day extending from early morning until
.'afe in the evenin.-. If the laborer is
specially recommended he gets 2\£ cents.
And to this rate of wages is added a moan
tain of taxes. They are taxed for these
sp endid 'improvements' tbat they do not
understand or appreciate; they are taxed
:or the sunport of the military and for
strateeio railroads and so on. If the
Queen invites the Sultan oi Turkey or the
Ameer of Afghanistan and spends fabu
lous snma in tue ; r entertainment, he
cost is assessed to India as being an affair
for the beneni of that country."
Mr. Dharmapaia will speak this even
ing at Native Sons' Hali under the hh
spices of Golden Gate Branc , Theosophi
cal Society, oa "Budd. ;sm and Chris
tianity."
PROFESSIONAL BONDSMEN
The Grand Jury Will Be Asked to In
vegilgHtc Frank 11. Meader.
The Grand Jury will be asked by Judge
Conlan to make an investigation into the
conduct of Frank H. Meader, who is
6urety on several Police Court bonds.
Mary Brown, alias Ei:za Kilcline, was
arrested some days a-.ro fot grand larceny.
She was relei se 1 on $2000 bonds, accepted
by Justice of the Peace Barry while pre
siding in Judge Conian's court. One of
the bureties was Meader, who gave his ad
dress as 111 Grant avenue and qualified on
a lot 25x100 leet, with improvements, at
67 Alley or Abbey street, this City.
Curia Newman, the expert, discovered
that there was no such street in this City,
but that in San Mateo County there was
a lot on Abbey street, San Mateo, owned
by Henry F. Meader. He drew Judge
Con!an's attention to the fact yesterday
and the Judge issued a bench warrant for
the woman's arrest, as she had failed to
respond to her name when called. Tbe
Judge also declared his intention of bring
ing the matter to the attention of the
Grand Jury.
The othfr surety on the bond is J. An
glade, 603 Pine street, who is all right,
having property valued at $5000.
H. DHARMAPALA.
THE SAN FRANCISCO, CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1897.
QUEEN OF SONG
IN GRAND OPERA
Aimee Pascal Will Lend
Her Sweet Voice to
the Symphony.
With Mesdames Foeder, Berthet
and Oberthy She Will Swell
the Soprano Volume.
When the Costly Company Is Coming,
Who Is in It and What They
Will Present.
The music-loving world of San Fran
cisco is on the tiptoe of expectancy re
garding the coming of the opera season at
MLLE. AIMEE PASCAL, HIGH SOPRANO.
the California Theater. Many citizpns
have Heard the organization in New Or
leans and speak in the highest terms of
its worth. The principals ate the leading
lignts of the lyric stage from the first the
aters of Europe, and were organized into
this company not for the purpose of a
tour but expressly for the guaranteed sea
son at New Orleans, which is about to
come to an end.
San Francisco will be the only other city
in the Union to hear this complete aggre
gation of singers, as it will come uere
direct and will present the operas on a
scale of completeness that would be im
possib c were it a traveling company. In
all — principals, chorus, ballet, etc. — there
will come here over 14j people.
Tne leading soprano of the troupe is
Madame Foedor, a pretty blonde, about
the age of 23. bhe made her debut at
Nice, wuaje sue was Tery successful. She
then sang in Names, and was afterward
encaged as lirst soprano in the great the
ater oi Brussels. Madame Foeaor is also
a dramatic artist of much attainment. In
regard to her rendition of the difficult role
of Rachel in "La Juive," the New Orleans
Picayune said :
Mine. Foedor, who appeared in the title
role last night, was the same talented artist
she has shown herse.l to be in all the parts
she has played, She rose to the exigen
cies of the vocal and dramatic require
ments of the score and acquitted herself
admirably. Her voice wan displayed in
all iis beauty and power and showed the
best of schooling, joined to faultless taste
and expression. Her rendition of the aria
"II va venir" proclaimed her master of
her art and won her the favor of the pub
lic. Mme. Foedor will be heard during
the season here in her most brilliant role.",
such as Valentine in "Les Huguenots^'
Santnzza in "Cavalleriaßusticana," Anita
in "Navarraise," Pasilea in "Uenvenuto,"
etc., etc.
Nestor Massart, the leading tenor of the
organization, was formerly an officer in
the Belgian army and left the service ol
the King for the Uric staze. He made his
debut at the great Theatre de la Mon
naie in Brussels in "Faust," and was af
terward most successful in "William
Tell," "The Prophet," etc. His success
with this organization has been most pro
nounced and his appearance here in his
favorite roles will prove a decided treat
for our music lovers.
M. Prevosi, the forte tenor of the com
pany, is an exceptionally fine artist; in
fact, his equal has never been beard in San
Francisco. His Manrico in "Trovatore,"
in which be male bis debut in New Or
leans, called lorth the highest praisa from
all who heard nitn in the role. Opera
goers have in M. Prevost the much de
sirea high C tenor, and taey can now en
joy all the heavy operas to their hoarts'
content.
Other leading members of the organiza
tion are: E. Deo and E. Maurick, tenors;
Marcel Athes, A. Javid and Gauihiel,
bassos; Henry Albers, Leon Freiche and
R. Chateau, barytones; Lespinass-* and
Grevain, comedians; Airnee Pascal,
Martbe Bonnet and Mile. Oberthy, so
pranos: Mme. Combes and Mme. Fre
maux-Benati, contraltos; Mme. Andree
Savine, Mme. C. Lafenulade and Mme.
Bellct, comediennes; Mme. de Consolf,
grande premiere danseuse; Mile, d.- Biaz.
and Mile. Rossi, premieres. A grand
chorus, orchestra and ballet will also ap
pear with the organization.
The opening performance on Wednes
day evening, March 10, ir to be "Trova
tore," which will be followed on Friday,
the 12th, by 4> i'Africaine," Saturday mati
nee, the 13th, by "Faust," Saturday even
ing, "Miss Helyett," Tuesday evening,
16th, "Sigurd," Thursday evening, 18th,
the double bit 1 , "Noces de Jeannette" and
"Cavellaria Rusticana;" Saturday mati
nee, March 20, "La Juive," followed by
"Voyage de Snzotte," "Les Huguenots,' 1
"Aida," "Gillauiae Tell," "Lt Nayar
raise," etc.
Tne subscription sale of seats for the
reason of twenty operas will open at the
box-office pn Wednesday morning. The
regular sale of seats tor sinele perform
ances commences Saturday morning.
D'-atli of Julian Sitgreaves.
The friends ol Mrs. Beverly Sttgreaves will
regret to learn of the sudden death of her son,
Julian A- Bitgreavos, lr W. Va.
Mrs. Sltgreaves Is a Vlrglu an and the only
daughter of the late Commodore John Rudd,
U. 8. If. Mrs. Sitgreaves hag been a resident
of San Francisco for the last three years.
TREBELLI'S FAREWELL.
The Accomplished Soprano Is to Give
Two Concert* in Golden
Gate Hall.
Mile. Trebelli will give two song re
citals at Golden Gate Hall, the first on
Saturday afternoon, March 6, and the sec
ond on Tuesday evening, March 9.
At the completion of her world tour
Mile. Trebelli will retnrn to Europe, and
after a short rest in Italy will fulfill, in
September next, a contract to sing in
Berlin, Dresden. Leipzig and Munich. She
then goes to Russia, Poland, and will
probably sing in "The Messiah" with a
leading German society. Mile. Trebelli
has now been away from Europe nearly
two years, having sailed from England in
April, 1895. She has not Dees to her
home in France 3ince her return from
Boston in 1894.
A LECTURE ON RAILROADS.
Modern Engineering Described and
fully Illustrated.
Willard Beahan, C.E., delivered , a
charming lecture on "American Railroads
and Their Engineering" at the Mechanic*'
Institute last night.
The subject was copiously illustrated by
photo - opticon views, showing a vast
amount of mountain scenery and bridges.
The speaker told of the wonders of the
Canadian Pacific line, and showed some
of the best -cenery along the Union and
Southern Pacific systems. Tne snow
sheds, cantilever' bridges, and other feat
ures of interest, were fully described and
thoroughly illustrated.
Well Known in San Francisco.
Great success wins great fame for the Electro-
Medical Cure, the new scientific treatment
of the Twentieth Century.
w^±SJt±: EXPERT SPECIALISTS ACKNOWLEDGE Medicine and
history has the science of curing — — Ll6CtriC|ty«
and conquering sickness, dis- That the Recovprv of Ex-Pn«?tm^<st^r D R Electricity has long been used
ease and death arrived at so ' flc *. L l " c recovery OT t-X-POStmaSter U. £*. in the aHeviation of disease,
high and practical a state of McCoppin Was the Most Remarkable but remained for the phy-
perfection as at the present . : r Ever Recorded ' ' sicians of the Electro-Medical
time. Located in San Francisco . . ; " c » ocuui ueu.g^j Institute to combine this factor
is the greatest and only institu- — ; v with medicine, aided by the
tion of its kind in the world— .-- DYING OF RPJfIHT I^ niSFA^F recent discoveries, so that a
the State Electro-Medical Insti- U UP DKJUn IZ> . LFipc/\aC. - ; perfect cure of near ;all. dis-.
tute. It is the pioneer of a ..Iy;v r/^_6^^^i_l^^^^^i_^>w . eases has been evolved,
system which will overthrow dyffjt|pj By this discovery medicine
old forms of medical practice, w___l ■P^^^^s^___ll__v • " ■'' is " ot distributed indiscrimi-
and is the advance-guard of an • - /*™^^^S_iilliiS ___k nately throughout the system,
exact science that renders the . / §KJI but by the aid of different cur
curing of all diseases an abso- " '' / "^^^^^^^^^^ rents and forms of electricity
lute and unqualified certainty. / w^jk passed directly to the dis-
Its methods are a fitting climax (/-^ % -rfs^^^^^-s. *-s^^s^&%<3Bfilfi oßH ■ - eased parts. The patient is
to the researches of such world- Mhbl ■' neither shattered by repeated
famous scientists as Professor m _PBPww IPililPii^ and illy applied shocks of the
Pasteur, the French celebrity; f^y -^ 1 ' '\\i^HHJP^^? electrical agent nor poisoned to
Herr Dr. Koch, the great Ger- ■ //Iw^W^ v " * \ v\vSl^_B^l_u death -with nostrums, but is
man discoverer, and Dr. Roent- I^H^IWAI .xJmftMl'W treated by a new, scientific
gen, whose X-Ray researches I V^#SS\ <\\^WllHSP!_r and well-defined method, so
have startled the whole world. .' . li»L«s^^K UliV^ 1 \\v^Wr\ Pililr ttiat most ■ invariably a
and old men who are paying ' V^^^^^i!lWllll'^^^^^L_ Chronic Diseases.
the penalties for excesses this People suffering with old
new treatment is a certain balm. '^i jppaM W^yS -^^sMmk chronic diseases — who
It imparts new life, it invigo- ■'■ ■ <S S / '^ ■' \ R^^^^^>4^_i Bl - have doctored with all classes
rates the weak and dormant: -* - *^ 1-^ 5^ f^^^^t rJ'^a'^ ' swyh nBl of doctors, who have tried all
organs, all their natural strength \x, -<^W^^^^^^h>^ kinds of nostrums and patent
returns, the mind becomes "Sgf i / y^^^j^^Ww^^^s. medicines and have dosed them-
bright and active, bringing to I / yy^^^^^nm selves with all manner of
man the manly power and • I / y^y^^T^^^^^^/w^Wj^^^/^ remedies until their systems
mental brightness necessary to . I / — ,</O£> ig S^--~' /fiifflfflMSy^s? %~-}f have become filled with poison-
cope with the realities of life. PROMINENT EASTERN PHYSICIANS ; ous drugs— are particularly re-
Wp flire '' • Pronounced the Case Incurable. His Letter to a Friend : quested to try this new
We Clire ' Pronounced the Case Incurable. His Letter to a Friend: treatment
" C „ ... "I had kidney troubles for a lone tlm<\ at d at last was blnnt'y told by m» physician that I would * ...... -
Asthma. Bronchitis Catarrh die, Inasmuch as 1 i>aU developed into lcc'.plent Brlghi's disease and was sufferlcg from diabetes. """
x , ' . ' .r^- ' 7: ' Before I c«me from >ew Yorttcltyl had been trouul»d with an aching back, brut-dust deposit anl _l^__^. T-.^^*_-.^_,*
Neuralgia, Heart Disease, DVS- Partial lmpotenoy. When eer;ain<Uatns.-t.me 1 l to stare me in, he tac« I frauilcally tried one doctor 110016 I refllfTieni.
A«-«:.; C.,_ rw_Ac. A Ci • r-\- and then another without relief, until I too electro-medical treatment unite the direction of th« "Y. *'.■'■ ■•—■—•- . " , . '.
pepSia, eye Disease, OKin L)IS- LoDdon specialist. Dr. Kingston Vance. I have sine b>»ea exaraiujd uy my old pn>Mic;an, as well as If YOU Cannot VlSlt the Instl-
ooco Rlionmoticm ii.i.,' others, In order to be certuln of my absolute cure, and they all a icnowlWge my compete recovery. . "-/ uu *-*""""• *'"= >tt V! lc .*"?"-
-ease, nneumaiism, Malaria, Yes. lam to-day well and sound as a dollar, and expect to live a longtime in the ordinary conrte of tute Write for • the neat and
Syphilis,NervousDiseases,Kid- " turc -" d. a mccoppis. 205 p«n_i«n street, an 7raucu»co, cai. effective body battery, which
ney Diseases, Bladder Disease, There is no name that holds a more honorable place on the United States Gov- can be worn under the clothing,
Insomnia, Hysteria, Dysentery, c^ nm . ent> l bo s than that of ex-Postmaster D. B. McCoppin. He is now 40 years I next t0 the kin, day and niaht.
PTrfllv9i«; Rirkets old m a healthy condition and weighs 180 pounds. With wonder the commun ty i-u ill f «*♦{,_ k«>l_l,V .I
Paralysis, KicKets, bcrofula, look upon . him because of his healthy condition after so long a period of misery j The poles of the battery are
Consumption, Liver Diseases, and suffering. • : • - - placed on the medicine-pads ;
Diseases of Bowels, Ovarian - ■-...■ the electricity passes through
Diseases, Sciatica, Tumors and W-pn Tri- mm PATnA UPniAAi iuatitiivp them, carrying the medicine
Abnormal Growth, Deformities, STATE EL h ECTR °; M CAL INSTITUTE, right to the diseased parts, giv-
Spinal Disease, Varicocle^Rup- ; . . 7,, . h r t M ? I » ing almost immediate relief and
ture, Stricture and all Chronic Located at the Corner of Market, Powell and Eddy Streets.; effecting cures where all other
Diseases. ENTRANCE 3 EDDY ST., San Francisco, Cal. kinds of treatment have failed.
HORROR HAUNTS
PASTINE'S HOUSE
The Victims of the Fatal
Fungus Lie in
State.
Grief Prompts the Stricken
Father to Attempt
Suicide.
Numerous Cases Where Poisonous
Mushrooms Have Caused Serious
Illness in the Italian Quarter.
Surrounded by anxious and Joying
friends and the faithful physicians who in
relays keep up a constant vigil little
Atelio Pastine, seed 10 years, fights stub
bornly the battle of death. In tne adjoin
ing room Ricardo Pastine, the heart
broken father, lies weak from the effects
of the deadly toadstools, sobbing piteously
when he is not cruelly arraigning nimself
for bringing about the death of two, per
haps tbree, of his loved ones. The wife,
who has about recovered from her illness,
watches the mental suffering of her hus
band, and while her heart throbs with an
guish strives bravely to bear up under her
sorrow. At times the struggle proves too
great for her and she falls to the floor
shrieking hysterically.
It is an awful shadow which has fallen
on the house ot the Pastine.*. In the lit
tle sittine-room, side by side, are the
silent, white-robed bodies of little Atelio
and Tito. A mournful procession of
friends, and all the Latin quarter, who
are apparently friends of the Pastines,
passed into the room and tear.ully lifted
the cloths from the faces of the two lads
who were seized so rapidly by the awful
conqueror that their features did not have
time 10 discard the look of boyish roguish
ness that was the delight of the neighbor
hood.
In the kitchen, little Eda, upon whose
dainty body the deadly poison too*
least effect of all, sat in a little chair by
the tetove, and her great brown eye's
opened in wonder at the throng who
gazed upon her as one whom death had
given up. The ordeal had long since
ceased to amuse her.
"Tito," she cried, "come out in the yard
and play." In the pale light of the can
dle Tito lay solemnly silent, and the little
sister pouted prettily.
Nothing can dissuade Ricardo that ha
is not the murderer of his childr n. When
the first boy, As:i!io, succumbed to the
influence of the poisonous mushrooms
which Ricardo and his \ friend Santos
Cinollo gathered at Golden Gate Park, his
reason almost left him. A3 breath de
parted from th - body of tne boy, h ■ cried :
"it is better that I, who have killed him.
die too." As Le said this he turned to a
bureau and drew a revolver from one of
the drawers. Cinollo observed theact just
in time, and after a struggle obtained the
weapon, which be still retains.
Dr. G. E. Caglieri, wno.with Drs. Joseph
Pescia.O.i'errone and L. D. Bicijjalupi.were
called in by Dr. E. C. Mervy. the family
physician, expresses the opinion that the
effects of ihe poison would not have been
so deadly had more of it been taken. As
it was Pastine returned to bis home with
the mushrooms Wednesday evening after
family repast had been prepared. Only a
tasie, four for a family of six, was pre
pared, and the deadly alkaloid muscarin,
one of the most pernicious poisons known,
was gradually absorbed into the system.
A larger amount would probably not
have betn retained on the stomach, but
with the small quantity consumed no ef
fects were noticed until the next morning. !
Then little was thought of it and it was j
not until Thursday evening that. Dr. ]
Mervy was called. It was then too late. |
Tue aeency of death was already coursing I
through the veins, carrying its fatal mes- |
sage to the heart.
Tue mortal effect of muscarin is to
paralyze the heart and when it has once
been absorbed in the blood the only re
course is to hypodermic injections of
atropine and strychnine, and to internal
stimulants.
By this means it is hoped to counteract
the effect upon the heart until the system
c:\iitbrowoffthepoison. In the case of
the father, tLe mother and little Eda this
course proved successful. Witb the two
little ones, who Bleep where the candles
cast the shadow of the crucifix between
them, the poison had already seized the
hearts in a death grip, and with Atelio
the battle is on.
At a late hour last ni In Atelio showed
of great improvement, and Dr.
Mervy, who was in attendance, expressed
strong hopes for his recovery.
The particular form of mushroom which
Ricardo Pastine gathered is known a* the
fly fungus on account of the small flr or
microbe to which is ascribeJ its poisonous
qualities. It is prevalent in this region
and many residents of the Italian quarter
have suffered from it. Among these Cap
tain Oirao of the Garibaldi Guards and a
number of friends recently partook and
were seriously ill.
J. Valente, of the firm of Valente, Ma
rini & Co., recently partook of the fungi
with his wire and a friend. All three were
very ill and are only just recovering. Last
season Mrs. Pendoia, who iives on Mason
street, near Green, came very near dying
from the same cause, as did more.re
cently a man named Mangini and his wife.
Arrangements have not yet been made
for the funeral of the little ones. Prob
ably they will be buried to-morrow.
ALL HAIL TO GKEEOE.
A. Splivaio Speaks a Word in Favor ot
Cretan Independence.
"All hail to Greece I" exclaimed A.
Splivaio in the course of an address de
livered last nteht at the Turn Vereln Hall,
"and may her ships as of yore sweep the
Pfiloponessus, and may her arms achieve
for the Cretan people independence as an
integral portion of a Christian country."
This sentiment was received with great
enthusiasm by the audience, which at
tended the entertainment given by the
Hellenic Mutual Benefit Society for the
benefit of the Cretan suffer rs.
Mr. Splivaio spoke of the glories of
ancient Greece in the realm of philosophy,
poetry, science, oratory and war, and
prophesied that King George would win a
second Maraihon.
Tableaux were presented during the
evening showing Crete as a little child
guarded by Greece and Liberty, while on
either hand stood two stalwart Greeks in
the national costume of Greece, one bear
ing aloft the stars and strides and the
other the Greek flag.
The ladies and gentlemen so posing
were Miss Lillie Martin. Mbs May Sopar,
Mi.-i Clio Mandafoni, Demetrius Kameia
kis and Demetrius Todatukis. The
balance of the programme consisted of the
following:
Song. TomTregellis; fancy dance. Miss Irene
Radovich; Miss Adele Linon and R. N. Walsh,
novelty musical instrumentalists; Halleu and
Hart, comedians; Harry McGuren, negro
specialties; song, G. B. Alien; boxing coti tests,
Alex Pandazes and Pat McCabe and Len Wig
gcu and Fritz Scboenfield.
A dance brought ibe entertainment to a
close. The various committees and offi
cers in charge were as follow*:
Reception committee — C. Demetrak (chair
man), D. Cnecures, >\ Dmnlanakes, A. Kosta,
C. Capiios, E Coki os, D. Samios.
F.oor dinctor, M. D. Van vales.
Floor committee — G. Fundas, P. Vrettos, A
SimacoDulos, P. Pan dazes, P. Papademou, A
.Fundas.
A doctor says nearly as many deaths
occur from over-eating as from excessive
drinking.
new to-day; ~>.i>
fi oil
DRUG CO.
CUT-RATE
DRUGGISTS.
1123 Marl&et St.
NEW
LIFE
IN THE SPRING.
BAKER'S
HONDURAS
SARSAPARILLA
Is the medicine every man, woman and
child should take in the spring of the
year; a short treatment regulates your
whole system—
FREE
COUNTRY
DELIVERY
On purchases of $5 or more we deliver
goods free of charge to any point within
100 miles of San Francisco, Oakland or
- Los Angeles, when money accompanies
the order. Write for 100- page catalogue.
HOUSEHOLD
DRUGS
AT POPULAR PRICES
'-Borax, Alum or Soda, per lb., 10c
Glycerine or Arnica, per pint, 50c.
Norway Cod Liver Oil, per pint, 50c. .
HURD'S
IRISH
LINEN PAPER
3 Quires for 25c,
Los Angeles, San Francisco, Oakland.
EXCLUSIVELY
BLACK.
The only establishment on
the Coas making a specialty
of that color.
New Black Brocaded Silks.
New Black Silk Grenadines.
Sew Black Wool Velours.
New Black Drad d'Ete.
New Black Crepe Czarina.
New Pierebla Cloths, Etc.
SPECIAL.
50-inch VENETIAN SATIN-
ETTE, elegant effects,
75c Yard.
THE SAN FRANCISCO
BLACK GOODS
HOUSE,
22 Geary St., Near Kearoj.
Telephone Grant oIS.
1112
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Cam~
710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
tight in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
eornerClay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
. 880 Hayes street, open until 9:80 o'clock.
615 I-arkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
. few. corner Sixteenth and Mission street*, open
until 9 o'clock.
"618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
ISOS Polk street: open until 9:30.
\ CHURCH NOTICES.
w- ~~ * FIRST CHURCH OF CHRIST, BCIEN-
&-*^ list— Services at 11 a.m. in Beethoven Hall,
336 Post St.. cor. Powell. Christian science Bible
Lessons; subject. 'The Gospel of Truth Preached,
Sick Healed, and Devils < ast Out Thereb.- in
Despite of Persecution and ."-orcery." Sunday-
school for children at the same hour." Science
• and Health " Study 'i hnrsciay at 8 P. m. in Mystic
'.Hall, 320 Post st. All are welcome.
V-r.- FIR^T BAPTIST CHURCH, EDDY
, Bfc-^s' st near Jones — Rev. 31. P. Boynton,
• pastor, services Sunday, February 28, Prcachln?
by the pastor .it 11 a. m.: subject, "Outside the
I- old." and at 7:30 P. m.. "'97 Night," a s-rweein
the interest 01 the Christian Endeavor conven-
tion in July next i.al.le- Sunday-schoo .
:30 A. m., l':\l<'..- Halt, corner I'O k st. and
Pwcirlc aye.; Wa-hineton-sqnare Sunday-school,
it:3(» a. U." a: 608 Union st.; dome Sunday-school,
12:30 p. m.. at the church, 320 Eddy St.: Bethesda
Sunday-School, 3 I' M.. Howard RU, bet. Eighth and
Ninth. V. P. >. C i .. senior, intermediate mid
junior. li:S0 P. m. Prayer and conference meeting
Wednesday, 7:48 p. m. Christian culture class
Friday. 8 P m. fastor's address, 431 Ellis st- : tele-
phone, east 954. 10 all the above services every-
body is welcome.
R^g 1 * FIRST CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH,
m~& southeast corner of Post and .Mason «ts,-
-1 1 v. George C. Adams, D.D.. pastor, will preach
mornins and evening. Morning service, 11 a m. :
theme, "The Growtn of Faith." >.vening service,
7:30 r M. ; anniversary of the Young Women's
Christian .Association sermon by he pas or;
theme "Provoking to Good Works." The pastor's
Bible class in the auditorium immediately after
morning service. Sunday-school at 12:45 p. m.
V. I*. 8. C. K. at 6:30 p. St. Samuel D. Mayer, or-
ganist and musical director.
, |
R-^=> THIRD COKGREGATIONA O CHURCH,
Ifr^ Fifteenth Bt.. near Mission— Rev. William
V.^der. pastor, Services at 11 a. m. subject,
*■ Redemption oi Christ": at 7:30 P. it, "ReviVMls."
Music by chorus choir under the direction of
William C Mad if eld. All are corlially Invited.
Bf-^' TRINITY M. E. CHURCH. CORNER
SrCt? Sixteenth and Market sis.— Key. F. F.
Jewell, pastor. Services morning 11 o'clock:
evening 7:30. Sunday-school .l::-0 p.m.: John
J'iar. superintendent. The pastor will preach
morn ng and evening. Morn subject, "Re-
ceiving and (living": eyenins prelude, "Good
Manners"; evening subject, "Ragged cloaks."
All are cordially vi ted to attend. Seats free.
Pastor's residence, 8631 Sixteenth s:.
g^3p THE SECOND UNITARIAN CHURCH,
i*^^ cor. Twentieth and Capp iis. — A. J. Wells.
. pastor. Mr. Weils will preach at 11 a. m. and
7:45 p. m. Morning subject, "God Within the
Universe"; at nlgnt, "The Legend of Eden and Its
Meaning to Us." Suuday-sch< ol at 9:4« a. m
day evening; March 5, the Van Ness mualcale
and farce at :>lission Music Hall. Pastor's rest-
dence is 924 Valencia st.
BrTSF" CALVARY PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH
t*-j^ corner Oi Geary and Powell sts. — Rev. John
Hemphtll. D. I.. pastor. Services at 11 a.m. an i
7::: i) p. m. Evening topic. "Elijah" Under the
Juulperp ree." .\ orning music: "Te Deuni" in A
(>'. K. Fay): offertory. "The King of Love My
shepherd Is," mho and quartet, C. B. Hawley.
" Music for the evening (special): Selections from
tin oratorio of '-Elijah. " All are made welcome.
• ECS' I IBS! CHRISTIAN CHURCH,
Be-JS' Twelfth St., bet. Howard and Mission-
Franks. Ford, pastor; Mrs. Ella Jacobs, musical
director. RegUiar morning and evening services,
11a. m.. subject. "Am I Mv Brother's Keeper":
7:4 5 p if.* subject, "Dynamite." Sunday-school,
9:30 a m.: V. P. S. «_. E., 6:30 P. it. Seats tree.
A.I welcome. Come.
f^S" SWEDENBOHO MISSION SOCIETY.
Eb-J^ Washington Hall, Red Men's building, 320
Pi s- St., bet. Stockton and Powell— Kev. J. s.
David, pastor, Service at 11 a. m. subject of ser-
mon, "Tte Intermediate state: the F.rst Three
Scetes After Death— ls There a Purgatory?" Ques-
tions ii us werea. All are invited.
Ff^TJp COSMOPOLITAN CHURCH. GOLDEN
wvs? Gate Hall, butter St.— Rev. Harold Bolce,
pastor. Announcement: To give members of the
new congregatioa opportunities to become ac-
quainted xi b one another, a few informal recep-
tions at homes of friends ot the reform movement
will taKe the place of public aarvicea until fur-
ther notice. Address communications to James
Ne.sblu Hill, 626 au:ter s:.
. j£^s= FIRST NEW JERUSALEM CHURCH
&-&' (Swedenborglan). <>' Farreil street, between
Webster and Fillmore— Rev. D. V. ttowen, pastor.
Subject of sermon at 11 a. m. will be, '-Saying
Lord. Lord and Doing the Will of the Father."
v n il fur her notice mere will be no evening ser-
.vices, Sabbath-school a iG.v. m. -eats free. All
are coidially invited. Free Swedenborglan Li-
brary.
SPSS' WEST SIDE CHRISTIAN CHURCH.
&-*' Bush st.. near PCJtu— Preaching In the
morning by tue pastor. Key. W. A. Gardner.
Topic-. -God's Picture of a Perfect Gentleman":
7:48 p. ¥ "God's Fai ure to Convert a King."
Sui il iv-school. 10 a. M : Junior JCndeavor. 4:30
r. m : V. P. s. c. E.. 6:30 p. v. Prayer meeting
Wednesday, 7:30 p m.
Dt^S=" METROPOLITAN TEMPLK, SUNDAY
«^-^ evening. 8 o'cl-jck. Preaching on "The
Coming of Christ to Establish His Kingdom," by
an evangelist of the Catholic Apostolic Church.
Admission free.
C£7S= FRENCH REFORMED CHURCH, 1110
Or**? p OW ell M.— Morning service, 11 o'clock ;
sermon, "Christian Endurance." Evening, 7:45.
>.! glisa service lirst lecture on "John Calvin—
His Childhood and University . Life." All wel-
come.
'TS^~g* CONFERENCE OF THE REORGAN-
i*~*' teed Church of Jesus Chris: of Latterday
Saints now in session at 320 Post st. Preaching
«t 31 am. by c. a. Parkin: at 7:30 p. m. by J.
C. Clapp, Ail welcome.
|£^S= GOSPEL HALL, 832 HOWARD ST.,
Or*** bet. Fourth and Fifth — Special meeting con-
ducted by evangelists \V. J. McClure and D
rviunro t-unday at 3 o'clock in the afternoon and
!it7:4. > ) o'clock In the evening; also eacn night
daring the week at the same hour, Saturday ex-
repted. .All cordially invited. No collections.
Bring your Bible.
IKS= THE TH KOSOPHICAL SOCIETY—
*t-& Key. H. Dharmnpala of Colombo, Ceylon
Via lecture to-night m 7:45 in Native sons' Hall,
414 Mason st. subj-ct, "Ihe liecon< Illation of
Buddhism and Chris'.ianitv." Admission, silver
collection.
grS= SAN FRANCISCO THEOSOPHICAL
. m~*r Society— Free public lecture to-nlgut at
Acsdeny of Sciences Hal;. 819 Market st., at
I 8 o'clock: "I Said to :.lv »,t "by Dr. J. a. Ander-
■on
NOTICE OF SIEETIXOS.
WPZS* CALIFORNIA LODGE, No. 1, .*.*.■>»■„..
l*-& I. O. O. F. -All members are^HSf^gXL
urged lobe present MONDAY EVEN-
ING. March 1. Business of Import- '^VT^
ance is to be transacted.
G. W. DAYWALT, N. G.
. < Hißi.is E. Post. Rec. Sec.
■^W A MEETING OF ST. P ATRICK'SEi^S^
m~*>" day convention of 1817 will be V?X-'if
held at K. R. B. Hall. Mason and OFar- <»vvi/
rell StB.,on SUNDAY. February -JB.ai 2:3oc£Vl4|»
P.M. All Irish- American, National. mlll-'S^BK
tary, tenevoleat. literary and social organizations
are requested to send five delegates each. Ex-offi-
cers or :ormer conventions, grand marshals, ora-
tors au : p. e:s re entitled to seats in the conven-
tion. By order JOHN M 0 LHERN. President.
.1. J. MOBAX, Secretary.
££^5» A SPECIAL MEETING OF THE
.•77 members of the Builders' Exchange will b»
- hefd on FRIDAY. March 5, 1897, at 1 o'clock
p.-m., at 40 New Montgomery stieet, San FiM-
Cisco, for the purpose of nominating candidates
for board of director*, to be elected at annual
meeting on March 16, 1897. By order of the
***?**• * ..• CAR »-J--WIS, President.
James A. U ilsox, Secretary.
Wsg= THE ANNUAIi MEETING OF THE
»-*' stockholdere of the Marin County Water
Company will be held at the office 01 the com-
pany. 406 California street. >an Francisco, on
•WEI>N KSDA V. the 3d day of March, 18»7. at the
.hour of VI o'clock m., for Uie election of trustees
for the ensuing year and tor the transaction of
such other business as may come before the meet-
ing. A. DALTO.s HARBISON, Secretary.
spbcia£ notices.
JtpJS' PAINTING, PAPeIThTnTsINg'dONI?
tfc^*^ estimates on work given, by day or con-
tract. C. HATTER, 5C3 Mission st.
££^5» BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR »4:
w~ ' rollertions made: city or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 416 Montgy St.. room 6; teL 6580.
WP%5* Dlt. HA/i.l REMOVED FROM PHB-
. **-£* lan buildini; to 908 <;*ary st.: el. East 357.
SUNDAY MEETINGS.
no 7 MA RKET- FIRST PBOOBBHBIVK BPIR-
•> a 1 irual Church. 11 a. m. test developing cir-
cle; 2 i>. M':i-sts to all, Mrs. Dunham. Mender-
►on, Me a, ilos^ins, Mr. Hansen, 8 p. if., articles
read, Mrs. Dunham. Feiluer, Gill. Mr. Luhrs and
others. Kntertulumeiit and dance Mouday even-
ing, March 1, at 8 o'clock: 10c.
SOCIETY of PROGRESSIVE SPIRITUALISTS
O :.t Scottish Hall. 105 Larkin st.. >unday, Feb-
ruary 28. at 7:30 P.M. speaker, Mrs. K. B. Lillle
of tos on, Mass : sucjec:. "Death and tho Ufa
Aftt r": come and hear the problem solved; music
by Mr. an I Mrs. Lillle: admission 10c.
OAKLAND PSYCHICAL SOCIETY, FRA-
ternai Hall, Washington st.— At 3p. U. the Boy
Orator w:il lecture. aim p. M- Professor Loveland
will lecture. On Monday evening a; 8 o'clock Mrs.
Llllie, inspirational speaker, will lecture and her
husband will sing interesting souks.
ME. YOUNfI'SCONVINCINGTKSTCIRCLE
to-nigrnt; luc. 418 McAllister st.; fine music
SUNDAY Contlnaed._
ED JACOBSON AND M. BENNETT, SPIRIT-
uaI entertainers. »l Mozart Hall, 1358 Market
it., Sunday evening, February 28; grand tests by
new spirit light: gents and ladies 25c; entertain-
ment 8: dancing 9:30.
4 T DR. RIN-ES' SPIRITUAL. SOCIkTY, 909
J\. Market st. : 11 a. m., 2 and 8 P. m., Mrs. Pea ■•>•
and Henderson and Mr. Stltt; Mrs. Welcome
funeral services at Ip. m. Doctor's office, 1236
Market st. : 10 to 6.
HTIEST MEETING 2P. M.; 10c: WASHINGTON
I Hall. B5EJdy St.; 8 p. M. 335 McAllister st.;
Mitt, Clemens; others; skepiics i.ivi;« d.
09/' MCALLISTER, TO-NIGHT, HEALED
D— l) letters and articles read. MRS. C J.
MEYER, violin-piano sola
CV. MILLER, ETHEREALIZING MATE-
• nalir Ing seance to-night, Bp. m. 535 Post st. ;
50 cents
CHILDREN'S LYCEUM, 909 MARKET, AT
\J 10:30: private masquerade Friday eve.. Mar. 5.
SEANCE TO-NIGHT; MRS. EGGERT AIT-
KEN; also Thursday eve. : 25c. 320 McAllister
LECTURE AND TE-T BY PROF. MINUO.
834 Mission St., 8 P. m. sharp: admission 10c.
MRS. MAXWELL COLBY, 1231% OAK ST.;
sittings daily: circles Saturday evenings.
MKS. MAYO STEERS, ]12l/ 3 OAK"; CIRCLE
Tuesday, 8 p. m., Thurs., it p. it; readings $1.
IDEAI.A WILL BEAD ASTROLOGICAL
1 horoscopes, 25c. 51 Fifth st.
SITUATIONS WANTED-
yOUNO GERMAN WOMAN WANTS BITUA-
I tion to do general housework and cooking.
Apply or address AUGUSTA Jb.R DM AN, Cosmo-
politan Hotel.
COMPETENT SWEDISH GIRL WANTS A
\J situaMon for general housework or cook.
Please call at 714 octavia «t.
"yXPEP.IENI ED NURSE WANTS PLACE IN
SU western part of city: wages $20: references.
all Monday, 551 Vs Howard st.
"POSITION AS BOOKKEEPER OR CASHIKR,
X by a young lady recently from the East, bav-
ins; seven years' experience in L'Oiton markets.
Address Bookkeeper, 1430 St. Charles st., Ala-
meda.
ANTED — A SITUATION AM IlOUsE-
»' Keeper: best of references. 164 bixth St.,
Carroll building, room 27; call forenoon.
A LL KINDS OF CHILDREN'S CLOTHING
£%. stylishly and cheaply made. Address MRS.
M., 1590 Mueentb su
POSITION WANTED IN DRY-GOODS STORE
X by competent youn* lady. Address for partic- '•
ulars, P. 8.. box 163, Call.
KIT ANTED— LAUNDRY WORK BY FIRST-
'T class laundress; laundry prefered. Call 748
Howard st.
INTELLIGENT WIDOW, MIDDLK-AGED,
X ileslres charge of widower's home: wages sec-
ondary: pleasant home; references- MRS. LAKE,
j 425 O'Fatreli si.
yOUXG ENGLISH GIRL WANTS TO DO
X luht chamber work an.l sewing In nice fam-
ily, or loot after child out of .arms in exchange for
board and room; splendid ' references. Address I
X. Y. C, box 80. this office.
, . ___^_
ERMAN WOMAN, VERY GOOD COOK,
VJ wants situation in a nice family; city or coun-
try. 3103 Clay su
-yoUNG WOMAN WISHES POSITION TO
X assist in housework. B X.. tox 63, Call.
pOMPETKNT WOMAN WISHES POSITION
v as working housekeeper; mod cook ad laun-
dress; city or country; 2 years' reference from last
place. 3377 Twenty-sixth st.
SWEDISH GIRL WANTS POSITION TO DO
O housework: is a good cook; references. Ad-
dress ixlrl, box 13, Cail ofric-.
RESPECTABLE COLORED WOMAN DE-
sires a situation at housekeeping, cooking or i
nursing. 1 Tay s. , off Clay.
ESPECTABLE MIDDLE- AGKD WOMAN
lX wants light housework. Apply 420 Grove St.,
utar Octavia, downstairs.
you.vu WOMAN willing AND obliging
X desires situation to do chamnerwork by the
day. 38 Nalomast.
L>E-PECTABLE WOMAN WISHKS SITUA-
XV tion as cook or general housework; city or
country; be*t of references. Please call 131
Wildey st., bet. Bush and Pine.
GO D COOK WANTS PLACE IN COUNTRY
VX town or on ranch: would do housework in
small family. Address C. Capab:e, 314 Jessie st.
\|AX AND WIFE. JUST ARRIVED FROM
li. Pans, wish situation in same family: woman
to attend interior, man to cook; eood references.
Address MR. JULIAN. 625 Pacific St.
DRESSMAKER WANTS FKW MORE EN-
xJ Kiigt-meats at ladles' houses; city references.
Address 629 Post St.
D EXPECTABLE YOUNG LADY WOULD
XV like a 1 osltion to assist lady in housework
Apply 1539 Ninth St.. Alameda.
DKFINKD DRESSMAKER WOULD LIKE A
Xt few more engagements: 81 per day; perfect
lit guaranteed. 509 Leavenworth st.
lAUNDR\ WOMAN WIdUES WORK IN
J hoiel laundry, to run machine body Ironer-
steady place. Call at 21 Franklin st., room 19'
second floor.
GOOD COOK, WILLING TO DO OTHER
work; restaurant or private house. 737
Howard st., room 25.
MOTH Ell AND SON WISH SITUATIONS-
Xtl. mother is a tlrst-class cook, son. 25 years of
age, to -is-: can take car* of horses and cows-
city or country hot? I. 136 Fifth st.
THIRST-CLASS COOK WISHES SITUATION-
X boarding-house or private family; city or coun-
try: references. 136 Fifth st.
15ELIABLE YOUNG WOMAN WANTS WORK
Xl/ by the day, washing, housecleaning or Cham-
berwork. Address J. W., 504 Third st.
TV [OTHER AND DAUGHTER WANT POSI-
i»J- lions as working housekeeper and insist in
widower's family or chamberwork la hotel; un-
derstand all kind of domestic work; no ooiection
to country. Call oraddres. 116 Rubs st.
I RESPECTABLE WOMAN WISHES HOUSE-
±\> work by the day. 132 Scott, near HaighL
T\RESSMAKING WANTED IN RETURN FOR
X 7 singing or piano lessons. Musician, box 8,
/COMPETENT GERMAN GIRL WANTS SITU-
\J ation to do second, or chamber work In Ameri-
can family; wi.iins to take care of children or sick
lady. Address 518 Poa- »:.
y> ESPECTABLK. WoMAN WANTS WORK
Hbrt:eday. washing or cleaning: * l a day
734 Howard St. *
DRESSMAKKJ4; GOOD FITTER: RKFER-
X 7 ences; children's dresses made also- «1 Pr
day. 2504 Fulton st. ' v
GERMAN MIDDI.K-AGED LADY WISHKS
passage to East or Europe free in exchange as
nurse or com pan .011: has traveled frequently-
best of ref. rentes. Apply ROBERT C a Pi- 1,, }. •'
General Agent North German Llord, 118 Mont-
gomery st. oBSH
WAN IED — SITUATION AS UPSTAIRS
11 girl, or will assist with small children, by a
neat, competent and reliable gin. Address 46
Elgiu Park.
i — _^ a
DREt-SMAKER: GOOD FITTER; Nl-AT
worKer: good on children., d esses: will goto
f nuiliea; 76c a da-. Audresa S. E« box 107, Call.
ANTED — DRESSMAKING OR PLAIN
» 1 sewing by the day. 1004 Markets*., room 7.
GERMAN GIRL WHO LIVES WITH HER
parents wishes situation as nurse and assist
in light housework; wages $16. Address German
Girl, 74 Bernal aye.
I^XPERIKNCED HOUSEKEEPER (WIDOW)
J-i wish** position as hou.ekeeper; would take
cliargo of loagl g-hou«e; city or country: call in
to 5 only. Milt. M.. 4la Third at. '
1 OOD SEAMSTRESS WANTS TO SEW IN
'•• family at $5 per week and carfare. MRS c
804% Mission 5... loom 6. •
VOU.NG GIRL WISHES POSIT tON~-iO DO
X general housework and assist coos; ing. Ad-
dress 116 Caselli aye.
A YOUNG WOMAN WOULD LIKE SlTUa-
tlon as housekeeper, Call or audress House-
keeper, 776 Mission »,.., room 41.
YOUNG WIDOW FROM INDIANA WANTS
any kind of respecta. le work In howl : chamber-
work; honest and re.i ible; good cook. Cull after 7
a. M , room 6, 201 Powell st, cor. VFarrell.
SITUATION .WANTED BY YUV»O OiluTto
O do upstairs woTk and waiting on table or house-
work: references. Call or address i9-'4 Rausch
St., off Howard, bet. Seventh and Eighth. ■
pOVKKNKS AMi SKAMSTKESS; (TeTT-
»-I man-American lady; ; borough teacher of h a •-
lisli, Urrmu and music: highest reference*; coun-
try tuttii preierred. Address E. W., z626 Mission
St., call 1.
i iKESSHAKKK WANTS WORK BY THE
XJ uay. Call or address 1679 1 wenty-fourib aye
East Oakland. - ''
OUSKKKEPEK'S POSITION IN WlDDW-
er's family ; no trlflera 615 Eighth su, Oak-
land.
/ 'OMI'KTE.NT YOUNG NEAT GERMAN
V,. girl wisties situation for second or chamber
work: good refeiencc-s; wages *20. A 1 dress 1629
Bristol si., Berkeley. Cal.
TATA NTED— POSITION AH HOUSEKEEPER,
»T by widow; good references: country pre-
ferred. Address M. A., 1653 i-itih su, Oakland.
/ ' OOD COOK, WITH REFERENCE, FOR ITO-
VJ tel, boardiog-houso or restaurant. Apply 742
Folsom st.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SIJNDA*, FEBRUARY 28, 1897.
FITrATIONS WANTED- Continue*.
COMPETENT, TRUSTWORTHY WOMAN
" wishes to do washing, Ironing, cooking or
hoiupcl-nnitig by the day; best references. MRS.
M. CURTIS, 3367 Twenty-sixth sl», nr. Mission.
} EXPERIENCED, FIRST-CLASS HOUSE-
■J keeper wishes ■ posi ion: hotel or private fam-
ily: San Fiancisco or vicinity: highest city refer-
ences. Address B. A., box 72, Cail Offlce.
WANTED — EXPKKIE.NCKD WAITRESS
M and chambermaid will work for $12 a month
in country ho el if allo* ed to ta.e 3-year-old child
i with her. A<ldri'Ni box 453, hnywardß, CaL
EASTERN LADY OF iXI'K [KNCE DE-
-i-i sires a }l.ice 83 housekeeper in hotel, widower's
or bachelor's home: best reference: fond ot chil-
dren. 104 Mason at.
yOUXG WIDOW, RECENTLY FROM THE
X East, ants a p ace as housekeeper in hotel or
bachelor's home preferred; city or country. Room
% 223 Post st.
REFINED LADY WISHES POSIT I iN AS
XV managing housekeeper in widower's home;
no tillieris wanted. Call 1148 Sutler st., room 35,
third floor.
"LMNE GERMAN OIK!. GOOD COOK, BEST
X reference, w»nts place In private family. P. S.,
box 166. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED LADY WISHES POSITION
to do housework an ! take tare of children; ob-
ject good home. 108 sixth .-.1., room 16.
EXPERIENCED STENOURAPHER AND
Li tyiewriter desires situation: will give tirst
month's work free for trial. K. s., box 42, CalL
"\ r OUNO GKRMAN WIDOW DESIRES POSI-
X tion as housekeeper. 38 Eddy St., room 1.
U'OKAN WISHES SITUATION TO TAKE
»' care of 1 or 2 children; willing to assist. 1104 a
Clay bL
2 COMPETENT GIRLS WISH POSITIONS
— together: one good cook and good second
worker; city or country or mining camp. Address
R. P., box 1, Call Office.
MIDDLE-AGED LADY WOULD LIKE SITU-
-- alion as housekeeper or take care of invalid;
city or country. 343 Minna su
TV"A.\TED— BY XXI ERIENCED GIRL. A
» » place to do general housework; good cook and
laundress. Address 250 Minna St.
yOUKG GIRL WISHES SITUATION TOAs-
X si jt in general housework; $10 a mouth. Ad-
dress 1377 M inua st.
yot'NG GERMAN WOMAN WISHKB FOSI-
X tion to do housework and pain coottiugor up-
stairs work; w . ges $20 to $25. call at 8-4 Capo.
EFIN I) WIDOW FROM NEW YORK
would like a position as typewriter. 157
Seventh st., room 10. seco.id Moor.
JjTAbTERN LADY OF KM'KKIEN. E WANTS
-i a permanent position as housekeeper in lodg-
ing-house or widower's home. Loom 3, 995 Mar-
ket st.
yOUNO LADY, FORMERLY IN GOOD CIR-
X cumstarices, desires a lucrative 1 ositlon as
housekeeper, or wilt do gentlemen's menaing. 120
Kills St., room 17, se< otid floor; tall alter 12.
AMERICAN LADY WANTS POSITION AS
XV companion anl nurse with invalid; medical
references. 1530 Eddy St., near Sterner (after-
noons).
\TOUNG WOMAN WOULD LIKE TO DO
i- plain sewing at home. 131 Taylor st-, room 2.
yoUXO WIDOW WANTS PLACE AS
X housekeeper; city or country. 122 Post St.,
room 2. 1
pKFINED WOMAN WOULD like SITUA-
XV tion as managing housekeeper: city or coun-
try: references. Call or address Jilts. WELLER,
bO5 Post st , 1 oom 2.
yiJUSO GERMAN LADY DESIRES POSI-
x tion as working housekeeper. 112 Taylor st.,
room 14.
L" 1 xw:kie"nTed"houskkkbper ( widow)
Sli wants work in widower's or bachelor's hoi se-
hold, with children: country preferred. 88 Ninth
su, room 17: hours m to 9 v. m.
LIKST-CLASS DRESSMAKKB WANTS TO
X I go out by the day; understands cutting and tit-
inc pertectly. Plea-e address AIRS. FonsTER,
i-*lsi Powell st.
n 1 O LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
II" CALL: sßbacrlnUona an. want ad< taken.
SUBSCRIPTIONS AND WANT ADS FOR THE
O Call taken at branch ollica, Zi'J Hayes st.;
open until V :3J o'clock.
WANT ADS AND SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
'* Thk Call are taken at Branch Office, touih-
west corner sixteenth and Mission s:s.
INCHEhTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. KB.
'» Market: 200 rooms *5c 10 *1 50 per nUht:
$1 60 to $ti per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus and bat gage to and from tte ierry.
SW COR. SIXTEENTH Vl\, NEAR MlS-
slon; branch office of lilt Call. sub-
scriptions and want ads taken.
SITUATIONS WANTED JIALE.
TT UNTKR & CO.. CHINESE AND JAPANESE
11 employment office, removed to 614' 3 Califor-
nia su, tear Kearny. 'l el. main 231.
/"IHINESE AND JAPaNKSK EMPLOYMENT
\J office: best help. 4141^, U Farreil. Tel. E. 42d.
JAPANESE INTfc.LLIGfc.NOK AGENCY. R.
O 90. St. Ann's bl'g, 6 Eddy st-: tel a am 6234.
CHINESK & JAPANKSB; KsTD 20 "> EARS;
help;tel.maln 1997. BRADLEY A Cv).. 640 Clay
STRONG HARD WORKINU M A WISHES
work, by the day: good carpenter; has own
tools; willing to do anything; very handy. Ad-
dresi F. KING, 7(J« California st.
WILL THIS CATCH THE EYE OF SOME
TT kindly disposed person wiring to aid— by
way of employing In any capacity— a man with a
unique invention, bo hs to enaD.e him to procure
a patent on same? Benefactor can have reason-
able assurance he will be rewarded in a pr.ncely
mancerfor va ued kindness rendered. F. 8., Dos
17. Call Office.
I/ IRST-CLASS COACHMAN (ENGLISH)
• wants situation: steady, reliable and thor-
onghly competent; city or country. . ..box 31, Ca I.
MANAGER— AT AND SINGLE MAN OF
35. without a 'pull," who has had 14 years
experience in health and pleasure resorts, as" well
as commercial and tourist lintels, is open for en-
gagement; will give ■ free trial lor 10 days or
cash security, with best of references; willing to
go anywhere on the gloce. Address O. X., box
14J, Call Omce.
OITUATION WANTED BY ENGLISHMAN
Oas coachman or groom; best of references.
• .7 Second st.
/COMPETENT HOUSE-PAINTER AND PA-
\J per-hanger with tools wants work by the day
or piecework Ad ir ss A. W.. box 19, Call I I'.ici".
FIRST-CLASS SOLICITOR AND SALESMAN
desires position. H. 11.. box 42, Call i fflce.
} EXPERIENCED BRICK-MAKER WISHES
-'situation: would like to go In country to take
contracts. Address O. R., box 107, Call Office.
FIRST-CLASS MACHINIST AND STEAM
engineer of x 5 years' experience desires posi-
tion. H. H., box 42, Call Office.
DENTIST-POSITION EITHER IN LABOR-
atory or at chair; old operator; moderate
Items, box 146, Call office.
J EDUCATED GENTLEMEN; AN E 31; AIA -
J rled, wishes a position In any capacity. R. S T
box 43, this office. ''
U' \-M D IVUHK AS DAY OR NIGHT
»» watihruan by a reliable American; aood ref-
erence given. A. H., box 160, Call.
MAN AND WIFE JUS! AKKIVED FROM
Paris wish .situations in the same family; wo-
man to attend interior; man to cook' ifood refer-
ences. Address mk. Jii.i k> , 628 Pacific at
U"" ANTED- A POSITION AS VO REMAN ON
»» either vineyard or orchard; 1:i y«ara' eXD-ri
ence. Address R. S., box 161, Cali ( mice.
yOI'.NH MAN FROM PEN NSY I.V A N I A
1 wants position In the country; dis'ance from
iho city no objection. Address Y. M box 17
ili c. ' i
BY MAN AND WIFE IN HOTKI, AS CLB&JC
or porter and chambermaid; city or coin.try
L., 12 Cleveland sU
\ 1 an .\Si> WIFK as WAITKB AND CHAM-
I'l bermaid in hotel; city or country II u'l
12 Cleveland sL
.IT U AT lON' WANTED BY AN ENGINEER
k. anri ma. hlniM; 15 years' experience. Address
SINGLi: MAN; SO: GOOD EDUCATION-
first-clais rererence; will work cheap at anvl
thing. T. H. <;., 544 MU ion sL P '
A7OLNG MAN WISHES POSITION Fn"oFFICK
Xor store, do bookkeeping and Ijrpewritins :
Government references. Address W. E. H., box
147. Call ilice.
\- i ING MAN WANTS SITUATION ASBAK-
M- tender; has 5 years' experience, can give cood
refereiiie. Address R., box 7. ( a.l olhce.
\ "' INO MAN IihMKKS POSITION^ AS
X coachman: underatands horses, cows, chick-
ens, gardening; lndu.-tmous- $ZQ per month; refci-
ences. 0., box 127, Call Office.
rp fcMPERATJE MA.N OF 80, FIRST-CLASS
1 palmer nnd piiperhan-er, handy with tools,
understanding care of horses and CO<*a and jren-
tEM work on private piace »nd hotf.: Al r.!,. r -
-.1K.-; will work very cheap. Palnur, box ISJ
Call Olhce. '
A'OLNCJ MAN WANTS* JOB AS PL'JMBFR
X or wll work as partner on shares. Apply 48
Sacramento si., city. IFJ
JAPANESE BOY WIBHRS SITUATION TO
do house a urk in good Uruily ot country. Ad-
dress GEoKGE TAKAOO, 931 B«cr«mcnib sU
HFT.P WANTED— ConHnn««f.
<5«9A BONUS FOR POSITION AS BOOK-
V — v keeper, assistant, shipping cierk. clerk
m wholenaie house: city leference. Address
H. J. p., 1140 Valencia st."
ENILEM.AN OF MEANS DESIRES TO
" travel for wholesale house: most any line:
object, employment while becoming acquainted
wi-h the cca t more than salary. Address
C. VANDHVERE. Oakland. Cal.
Vf AN AND WIFB; NO CHILDREN: AMERI-
-L'X can: want situation on ranch; woman to
conk; man understands farming, horses and cows:
references. Address Farmer, i'etaluma.
SITUATION WANTED BY JAPANESE AS
chief rook in hr tel ; will take charge of dining-
room Hud kiu he:: • twenty years' experience; good
references. a. 8., box 33, Call Office.
J MARKET ST.-BRANCH OFFICE OF THE.
i Call: want ads and subscriptions tueen.
Wasted- position AS traveling
»' salesman by experienced commercial trav-
eler: moderate salary and commission. Address
R. P., box 147. Call. "
W" ANTED— POSITION AS ENGINEER; 18
»» years' experience at stationary and marine
work; niahe-t references. Address Engineer, box
33, Cull urn .-.
GOOD TEAMSTER WANTS A PLACE: SO-
ber; handy with 'ools and willing to do any-
thing Addresi R M box 130. Call.
A r OUNU DANISH COUPL-; WISH SITUA-
X tion in city or country: good references; wife
good cook; man bandy. '1211% Bush.
pEKJIAN WANTS (»i n ATION AS COACH-
vT man or gardener; thoroughly understands
both branches. Apply at 503 Third St.
SITUATION WANTED BY FIRST-CLASS
barber; sober, steady. Address 8., box 80,
Call Office.
QITUATION WANTED ON RANCH BY
0 man and wife, no children: man understands
all about orchard and vineyard; also good team-
ster: wife good cook and housekeeper. Address
A., box 70, call Office
9'JQ HAVES aT. -BRANCH OFFICE OF
')OO This Call; bubttcriptions and want ads
taken.
ANDY JAPANESE WARTS POSITION AS
janitor, or would wo k in shop or factory:
speaks good English. F. M.. 10 Central place, off
line si., with best recommendation.
\ l ) r 7 MONTGOMERY. CORNER OF CLAY—
• -—I open uuti 9:30 o'clock; branch office of
the Call: subscriptions and want ads. taken.
I MARKET ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
"I Call: want ails and subscriptions taken.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD BT., NX.
" Market; 200 rooms. '25c to 81 50 per night;
$1 50 to $6 per week: convenient and rett|>ecLal>le;
tree bus and bagxaue to and irom the ferry.
RANCH OFFICE OF THK CALL. 1«7 NINTH
st. — Want ads and subscriptions taken.
FEMALE HKLP WANTED.
SCANDINAVIAN LAUNDRESS, COUNTRY,
0 $25; secona work, city. $20: cook, country,
$25: housework, city, $25; nursecirl. city, $10;
housework, country. $15 fare paid; 6 girls, house-
work $20: 4 girls, assist housework, $10, $16.
C. R. HANSEN ,v- CO., 110 Geary su
Ur ANTED— RIENCED LINEN-ROOM
woman: must be a good seamstress and
darner: for a laree country hotel: $30 and found
C. K. HANSEN A CO., 110 Geary st.
VTEAT GIRL OR WOMAN TO DO COOKING
■*-' and housework, American family, country
town. .- 20; waitress and nousowork girls, etc.
MI'KKAY A- RKADY, Leading loyment
Agents. 634 and 636 Clay at.
ONE VURSEOIRL, $I*2; 10 GIRLS, GENERAL
housework, $10 10 *25. MRS. SPENCER,
1321 Park st.. Alameda.
/ ' IHL cook, family 10, $20: GIRL COOK.
' ' family 4. $20; girl cook, famllv 4, $15: other
desirable places. Apply Monday, JOHNSTON &
CO.. h72 Broadway, Oakland.
OFrICE iKE REDUCED 25 CENTS: <-IRLS
of ail nationalities wanted to fill various posi-
tions. 'Je rman Employment Office. 306 Mason st.
poMPETENT WOMAN AS FOKELADY IN
\J lroninj-room of steam laundry. Address S., '
box 80, Call Office.
EXPERIENCED SALESLADY FOH LADIES'
Xj ar>l children's raiiiliu underwear department;
none but experienced need apply. 1036 Market su
RELIABLE LADY AGENTS TAKE ORDERS:
XV household necessity: liberal terms. 120 Sutler
su, room bO. '
GIRL TO ASSIST IN GENERAL HOUSE-
*f work: sleep at home. 1523 Broderick st.
RESPECTABLE GIRL OF 16. ASSIST LIGHT
Xt housework; good home. 430 a Fulton si.
l/'REN U GIRL TO DO QHAMBERWORK IN
X boarding-house. B. v ., box 63.
MIDDLK-AGED WOMAN TO DO GENERAL
housework in small lamlly. 5*21 Jones st.
JAPANESE NEAT GIRL WISHES POSITION
•J in small family as first-class cook; has best of
reference. Address M., box 166, this office.
"IV" ANTED— AN APPRENTICE FOR DRESS-
-11 making; good seamstress. 424 Post st.
tIT ANTED— PUPILS FOR MILLINERY
ii school; course practical; classes now forming
for spring work: satisfaction guaranteed: evening
(.lasses. "22Va Geary it. or 410 Leavenworth.
IADY AGrNIS WAN'iKD — GOOD TALK-
J era can ma£e $5 a day. 1227 Fell st.
\^AMPER, STKADY WORK: ALSO AN EX-
V perienced tab hana. Pacific Shoe Company,
139 First st.
9 APPRENTICES AT LADIES' STRAW-HAT
— manufacturing. 755 Mission su
GERMAN GIRL OF 14 TO TAKE CARE OF
children. 719 Vi Franklin; call between 10-2.
GIRL; 2 IN FAMILY; MIND BABY; $10 A
month. '237 Fair Oaks St., nr. Twenty-fourth.
"\\r GERMAN OR SWEDISH GIHL
" for housework: plain washing; wages $15;
references. 710 Hyde st.
LA DIES TO SELL THE WONDERFUL BE AU-
Xj tiller. Egyptian Enamel and Creme Cor*U:
large, discounts: exclusive territory. MRS. M. J.
BUTLER. 131 Post st.
GIRL FUR GENERAL HOUSEWORK;
small family; German preferred. 2116 Brod-
erick st.
It/ ANTED— A LITTLE GIRL TO ASSIST
»» morning and evening in exchange for room
and board; can attend scuool. Address 0., box 1,
Call Office.
. — _
1 ADY CAN HAVE ROOM AND BOARD IN
1 ' exchange for assistance In light housework.
Apply Mrs. M., box 16, Call Office.
\4' AN 1 II) QIKL, 15 OR OVKl:, FAMILY OF
ii two; waic s $5 a mouth; good home. Call
llo:i(!:iy, 652 Oak st
LEW LIVE LADIES TO HANDLE A RAPID
Ise 1 ni{ aiticle of Urge profits. Call at 670
Chestnut St.. city.
DbMOVED! REMOVED! REMOVED! AS
J» we are now teaching millinery' as well as
dresvnaicing we h. ye found It nec»-s<ary to secure
a. more central location. We now occupy the
third floor of 103 Post St., above Kearny. We
especially Invite all who are interested in dress-
tuakin. »N.i millinery o call and see for them-
selves that we are now prepared to teach purfect-
fitling dressmaking and stylish millinery m all its
brandies. McDowell Dressmaking and Millinery
School, 103 lost sU, over KOHLBERG, STRAUSS
it FROU MAN'S.
LEA dresscutting AND MILLINERY';
$1 per week; unlimited lessons: patterns
25c. McDowell Dressmaking School, 103 Post su
i, BW . LADIES TO ENGAGE. IN A GOOD-
i paying business; mint deposit $5 as guarantee
of good faith. Call at 905 Market St., room 55,
bet. 10 a. m. and '2 r. It
1 EXPERIENCED OPERATORS ON FLAN-
-i nel overshlrts' and . underwear. .L.XVI
bTRAUSS it CO., 32% Fremont St.
VI OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE.
I*l Winchester Hous». 44 Third st., near Market:
'200 rooms: '25c to $1 5J per night; $1 60 to
per week: free 'bus and bnsgas* to and irom ferry.
ft] " LA KKIN— BRANCH UFIrICK OF THE
"'•" Call; subscriptions and. want ads. taken.
L'LYN.N.-, DRESSMAKING AND CUTTINU
X Academy. 14 McAllister St.: $1 a week.
WANTED- 10 YOUNG LADIES TO LEARN
»» barber trade.: shop to open May 1. Particu-
lars call l3BVa Eighth st.. S. F. Barber College. .
MALE ||KI,P WANTED. ~~~
COLORED HEAD WAITER AND 6 COLORED
\J »ai ers for country hotel. . C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 110 Geary st.
ILKER AND WIFE. NKAR CITY, $40:
farmer and wife, nee party here. C. R. Ha.x-
SEN &CO.. llOGtarysU
HARRY WILLIAMSON, THE LAUNDRY-
man, please rail. C R. HANSEN A CO., 110
Geary st.
OH AMPOOER FOR A TURKISH BATH; $40.
O C. R. H ANsen & CO.. 110 Geary su
WANTED -EXPERIENCED YOUNG MAN
'i to care for racehorses; references preferred;
$20 and found; nood place. Call Sunday at 11 a. m.
W. D. KWi.K &>CO., 626 Clay st.
A A. C. C — PROSPECTORS!
-»-• •• TRAPPERS! WHALERS!
I-utynien with at least $200 each wanted to
form the Arctic Alaska Commercial Company, to
do shore whaling, fur trapping and trading, pros-
pecting and mining, walrus and seal hunting and
generally to develop the resources of Arctic
Alaska; only men wit. ing to wlntei in the coun-
try, to work and to rough it, and to make money,
need apply. Address all applications for informa-
tion, etc, a. A. c. C, box 68, Call Office.
HKLP Wanted—
JO MEN wanted MONDAY'; from; $15
T-t- to $70 a month and found. At MUR-
RAY & RKADY'S, Leading Employment
A gen 634 and 636 Clay st.
FOF.KMAN FOR A VINEYARD, $50 AND
i- fouii'l; foreman -or a vineyard, wine grapes,
$35 to $40 and found; foreman fora giain and
vegetable ranch. $3ii to $35 and found. MUR-
RAY' <fc iIEADY, Leading Employment Agents.
6WOODCHOPPERS PINE AND REDWOOD,
'J $1 a cord; 3 milkers; 5 farmers; 2 milk-boys:
choreman for a ranch: 5 cooks: 3 waiters; Ironer
fora laundry. $30 and found: 2 dishwashers, and
other places. MURRAY & KKADY. Leading
Kmp oyment Agents. 634 and 636 Cla.- St.
"yOUNG MAN TO TRAVEL ON SALARY OR
X commission: must have $50. Box 261, Hay-
wards, Cal.
CLEAN. WILLING BOY ABOUT 14, IN
\J flower store. Address W. C, box 74, Call.
T\rANTED— SAILORS FOR TEAM WHAL-
" era and sealers at LANE'S, 504 Davis at.
\Y ANTED— STRONG BOY TO LEARN CAR-
ii ringe blacksmith: first-class recommenda-
tions. BVB Harrison su
"ITORSESHOEB AND WAGON- WO'-KER;
XX call to-day. 1120 Harrison St.. bet. 10 and 12.
QOX PREMIUM FOR sKi TCH VAUDK-
O— O. ville 15-minute act. Address 14 McAl-
lister st., room 9.
I UT7 NINTH ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
I'M This Call; subscription and warn ads
taken.
ROOMS. 15c TO 76c PER NIGHT: 50c TO $1 60
XV per week. Oriental, 225 Drum st.
MEN OR WOMEN TO WORK FOR US DAY
or evening at their homes: pleasant work;
no canvassing; experience unnecessary; we pay
salary: Inclose stamp for particulars. S'andard
Mfg. Co., 142 West Twenty- third st-, New York.
SALVATION ARMY LABOR BUREAU. 158
New Montgomery bt.— Parties desiring reliable
help furnished at short notice.
AXTKD, YOUR SHOES —WE REPAIR
ii shoes up to 9 o'clock every night: those work-
Ing through the day can have their shoes repaired
at night while you wait; ladies' soiine, 35c; men's
soling 50c: fine shoes made to order from $2 up;
we have a lot of shoes been damaged i y water at
less tiiau ono-fi,ur:h their value, from 75c up to
; $2 50. 862 Mission at , bet. First and Second.
— — —^— — — — ;
OTYLISH AND DURABLE C• LF SHOES
O made to order. $2 50; cheapest place In city for
repairing and coi<t-h:tnd shoes. 959 Howard st.
SEAMEN AND GREEN HANDS WANTED.
116 Washit.gton st., hut. Drummand Davis.
L'IRST- CLASS OPERATORS ON LADIES'
T cloaks and suits. W. SIMINOFF, 1228 Market.
— I__
A\ X HAVE A LOT OF MEN'S SHOES, BEEN
ii damaged by water, at less than oie- fourth
their value, from 75-- up to $2 50. 562 Mission
st , bet. First and Second.
JOURNEYMAN BARi.KHS 1 KM PLOY MEN 1"
O eerretanr .H. BERNARD, 102 >eventh st.
I>ARBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
i-> P. C. Barbers' Assn. S. FIKHS, 325 Grant aye.
BARBERS, .ATTENTION— S4OO WORTH OF
furniture, with ' 2 billiard tables, on account of
departure. $225. Address E. BONN ARDEL, Stan-
ford University.
IOnnPAIK MEN'S SHOES. BEEN DAM-
X— UU aged by water, at less than one-fourth
their v.ilue, from 'isc up to $2 60. 562 Mission
at., bet. Fir.it and Second.
HAVE A LOT OF MEN'S SHOES, BEEN
damaged by water, at less than one-fourth
their value, fiom 75c up to 42 50. 662 Mission
st. bet. First anl Second.
EAMEN AND ORDINARIES. APPLY 10
O steuart si., upstairs.
OHO K II AK X : A N TED OX MSN'S SHOES.
0 Call at once at 202 Fifth si.
T\rANTED— STEADY, RELIABLE MAN FOR
ii position In country: must have $5 expense
money. Call after 10 a. m., 9 Geary, room 2.
"WANTED— A MAN TO RENT OK BUY A CI-
II gar-stand. Apply SE. corner 24tUaud Folsom.
FEW (ENERGETIC MEN TO ENGAGE IN A
good, paying Business; must deposit *5 as guar-
uniee of good faith. Call at 905 Market st., room
55. between 10 a. m. and "2 p. m.
A\, ANTED.TOCOLLECrWAGEsDUELABOR-
ii ersiclerks KNOX Collection Agcy, 110 Sutler.
RECRUITS WANTED FOR THE U. 8. MA-
±\> Tine corps, D. S. Navy— Able-bodied unmar-
ried men between the ages of 21 and 30 years
who are citizens of the United Spates, or those
who have legally declared their intention to be-
come such: must be of good character an habits
and able to speak, read and write English and be
between 5 feet 5 Inches and 6 feet In helebu For
turther information apply at the Recruiting Office,
20 Kills su. San Francisco, Cal.
1 ADIES* AND GENTS' MISFIT KHOES
li bought and exchanged; new vamps and sec-
ond- hand shoes for sale; large stock; shoes made
to order; bes stock; work gu»»ran teed: all kinds
of repairing. 749 Mission, near Grand Opera-house.
r ANTED— AN IDEA; WHO CAN THINK
ii of some simple thing to patent? 1 rot yonr
ide*s; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBUKN & CO., DepU L, Patent Attor-
neys. Washington, D. C, for their $1800 prize
offer and new list of 10U0 inventions wanted.
\\i ANT ADS AND SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
" The Call are taken at Branch office, south-
west corner Sixteenth and Mission sts,
T?LCHO HOU^K, 863V2 MARKET ST.— iiOOMd
-Ci 20c, 25c to 600 night; $1 to $2 weeK.
Q INGLE FURNISHED ROOMS: 16c A NIGHT:
0 76c week. Llndell House, Sixth and Howard. ;
OXOi' MISSION — SUBSCRIPTIONS AND
— •'_') want ads taken for THE CALL.
„_ t
EST IN CITY— SINGLE ROOMS, 15. 20 AND
J-> 25 cents per night: SL $1 25, $1 60 per wee*.
Paclhc House, Commercial and Leidesdorit sis.
lift NINTH ST. — BRANCH OFFICE OF
IlUliiK Call; kubscriptlou and want ads.
taken.
KKUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 SIXTH ST.: OPEN
all night; rooms 25c to $1 per night: $1 25 to
$5 per wee*. J. G. DRAKE, Manager.
rp*t* ACME HOUSE. 957 MARKET ST.. Btt-
X low Sixth, for a room . '-oca night: $1 a wee».
I f\l\ MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT 10a, 150
J"« and 20c a night. Including coffee and roils.
624 Washington st. , near Kearnv.
OMt; MISSION ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
— » »— v> Tub Call; subscriptions ana want ads
taken. •
ANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
ii to know that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprie-
lor. bill! runs Denver Hons». 217 Third at : 159
Urge rooms; 25c per nlgut: $1 io $3 per week.
OOSEDALIC. 321 ELLIS ST.— SINGLE FUR-
XV nlahed rooms, 20c to 26c night, $1 to $1 60 wk.
E simon wants 100 Mi.X TO get bot-
• lie beer or wine 6c: best free lunch. 643 clay
ANTED— SINGLiu ROOMS. 160 A DAY; $1
' * week; rooms for 2, 25c a day. $1 60 » week;
reading-room: dally papers. 86 Clay
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST., NX.
Marcel: 200 rooms, 25s a nlghc: reading-
room: free bin and ba^zace to and trom the ferry.
AGENTS WANTED.
T IVING PHOTOGRAPHS; GREATEST
JJ selling novelty of nineteen h century; minia-
ture kinetoscopes: sample and -Novelty Guide"
lOc "La Lune" Com pa .y, New York.
AGENTS— BOOK, "THE FIRST
Battle." Apply or address for territory, F.
Person, manager subscription department, THE
WHITAKEK & RAY' COMPANY, 7*3 Market st.
FURNITURE WANTED.
IF YOU WANT UOOI> PRICKS FOR FURNl-
ture and merchandise sec UUKIt, '211 Larklo,
T7IUK.VJTUKE. STOVES. CARPETS,
S} ten. showcases. ANDERSON, 1121 Market.
HIGHEKPUICK THAN ANYWUKKtI PAlli
by Iniiiam Auction 1057 .Market. oppJonei
KOOIU WANTJKii.
BRILLIANT VOCALIST AND FIANISTE.
exceptional leaching abilities, desires board
and room in exchange lor tuition; references ex-
changed. Address B. V., box 140, Call Office.
WANTED-MISCELLANEODS.
TTT ANTED— COW AND CALF OR A
» ' 11. hi spring wagon in exchange for palming
or;papT-banglng. Address F. J. S., box 147, Call.
QECOND-HAND FOOTLATHK; 6 "SWING,"
O with slide rest. P., box 107, Call.
Y\, r ANTED — LIGHT BicYcLE; BRING "IT
»» along. 516 Geary st.
d>» (\ BONUS WILL BE PAID TO ANY ONE
iff- v securlnK posiiloo for young lady in store
or office. Address W. \V., box 61, Call Office.
"IJUILDI.NUS BOLoUl; LUJdBj-.it, S)As. lf
X) doors, mantels, etc., for sale. 11(58 Mission st.
ELL YOUK BOOKS, CLOTHI.NG AX)) JKW-
flrir to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth St.: send posc^L
HOTELS.
IJROOKLYN HOTKL. 208-212 BUSH BT,
JL> board and room 91 to $2 per da/, $6 to $12
per week; choice rooms 60 cents to $1; suite
looms for family 91 to a»l 50 per night; first-class
service; tree coach. (.'HAiiLKs MoNTGOM KKY
v PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. 1206 MARKET, HE&
XJ 2864 25th si. ; disease* of women aspeclalty.'
personals.
jZ— T^d^not~^^d^r^tand" yoo;
. waited to-day 11 to 12. also 8 to 9; must see
yon; expect you this day sure 1 to 1:30 at S. V. _
Co. storf. 2" _____
» LEXANDER N. WHY TLA W.
A ROBER'I ADAM WHYTLAWJR.
Write or call J. N. \V., 229 Kearny st., S. F.
W ILL A. C A., OR R. J., REYNOLDS. WHO
Vt carries a small square black case and can-
vasser for pictures write to Call Office; have
never written to Amelia.
\ N ELDERLY COOK OF 54 WISHES THE
A. acquaintance of plain working woman with-
out encumbrance, and willing to assist I '■ kitchen;
memion age. wei. ht; widow or single: object mat-
rimony. Address O. R.. box 1, a 1 Office.
WANTED- THE ACQUAINTANCE OF AN
V? elderly gentleman t widower or bachelor) of
menus, by an intelligent, refined elderly widow;
object business, and eventually matrimony. Ad-
dress MRS. A. MONROE, Brooklyn Hotel, City.
_________
YOU FALL
X from your wheel or horse; nothing cures
'he sprains, bruises, lameness or stiffness Ilk*
VITA OIL. .Never be without it. 91 bot.: 6 for
$5; charsrfs prepaid. Address VITA OIL CO.,
1531 BUCHANAN ST.
L REE
r co isultatlon at DR. SMIH'S SANITARIUM 1
to 3. 6to 8: S un i ays, 10 to 12. Dr. Smith will
cure that RHEUM for one of those
tLECTRv>MAGNETIC BATHS is wor:h the
pric- of the whoi* course. Call without delay, or
address SANITARIUM, 1533 CHAN AN ST.
A DVICE FRKE: DIVORCE LAW- A SPEC-
■t\- laity: private; no fee without success, pro-
bate, insolvency, wills, collections, bill* of sale'
damages, etc : private detectives: estab. 10 years.
G.W.HOWE, at:y-at-law, 860 Market.cor.Stocktn
LINCO BROS., 226 SIXTH ST., MIDDLE
of the block— Milk, 5c a can; picnic hams.
_: choice prunes, 6c Ib; eggs, 2 dozen, 26c; butter,
20c roll; corumeal, 20c sack; oatmeal, 36c sack:
tomatoes, 5c can. Remember the name— LlN
COLN.
T ADIES AND GENTLEMEN TO FORM
Xj amateur dramatic company. B. 8., box 117,
this office.
R"OMS WHITENED,SI UP; PAPERED FROM
$2 50 up. 2808 Twenty-fourth st., and 239
Tiiird g_
OLD GOLD BOUGH ■; HIGHEST PRICES. O.
NOLTE, jeweler, 2_!2 O'rarreil st., nr. Mason.
MM . J. PHILLIPS. HUMAN HAIR MER-
chant; artist in hair and ladies' hairdresser.
Removed to 120 Geary, above Grant ava
DANCING— BALLROOM OR STAGE TAUGHT.
IRVINE'S, 927 Mission st., opp. U. S. Mint.
T) AG CARPETS WOVE TO ORDER FOR SALE!
Xt also chenille-wove rugs, silk-rag portieres: deal-
er in carpet twine in hank or chain at lowest rates.
GEO. MATTHEW, 709 Fifth St.. Oakland. Cal.
\\r ILL THE YOUNG LADY, BLUE DRKS3
" and light coat, Haight-atreei cars to Fillmore,
last Thursday afternoon, address J. M. , box 19,
Call Office?
JOSEPH GREVEN'S OPERA SCHOOL PRO-
duced in the shortest time more talent for the
professional operatic stage, oraiorlo, concert and
church than any her vocal teacher on the coast;
opera acts or single vocal selections at reasonable
! rates; for larger charitable affairs free of charge.
Murphy building, Market aud Jones sis.; office
hours 1 10 2.
ELDERLY LADY OF REFINEMENT WOULD
-Li like to make the acquaintance of elderly gen-
tleman of some means: object, home: view to
matrimony or would keep house for Protestant
widower, with famiy, preferred. Address MRS.
M. i . D., box 80, Call I >ttice.
I l\(\(\ CARDS. $1 51). SHOW CARDS, ETC,
J.UUU Tel. Black 141. HILL, 22% Geary St.;
ffijl A DOZEN— FINE CABINET.* _- Win-
ijpx SON'S Gallery. 1028 Market.
A LADY TOLD ME THAT WHILE I WAS
doing first-class hair-dressing for 25c. she
would never go to a higher-priced place. I claim
to do as good work as any establishment charKir?
twice my price: shampoo and plain hair-dressing.
60c; hair-dresslus: and treatment with QUI>'O-
NIa Hair Tonic, 50c. G. LEDERER, 111 Stock-
ton.
PRIVATE DETECTIVE WOKK DONK REA-
X sonab!e: 10 years' experience: hr*. 10 to 12 it.,
2t05, 7 to B p. m. G.R. WEBSTER, 1027 Market, r. 6.
MISS OLLIE LAKE. CARD READER AND
magnetlsu Rooms 3 and 4, 309 Sutter.
Ft- INT JNO MATERIAL FOR SALE CHEAP.
X 8 Montgomery aye., room 13.
BIG OUTDOOR STERkOPTICON SHOW EVE-
XJ ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts.: artistic ad-
vertisements In living light: promoters of buai-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market st.
HUFSCHMIDT, SANITARY PLUMB
• gusfitter. b23Goiden(»ate ay. Tel., Sutter 471.
SSTROZ V SKI. L' 4 (GEARY ST., EXPERT
. European hairdressers and cutters; employs
no apprentices; prices equal toothers.
VEGRANT WILL HEAR OF SOMETHING
. to his advantage by calling upon LAN DRY
C. BABIN. 4i3 Kearny st.
PAINTING. WHITENING, PAPERING;
X lowest estimates .best work guaranteed; wall pa-
per 3c roll. EDWARDS, 1200 Webster, cor. Eddy.
ATI'S KEEGAN (FORMERLY WITH G. LED-
-1»X erer) has opened a stylish halrdreuing parlor;
latest effects -.price 25c. 124y 2 O'Farrell, nr.Powell.
CO7 —ONTOOMEItV ST., BRANCH OFFICE
«'— 1 ot Tbs Call; want ads and subscriptions
taken.
I>AKTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
i and Newspaper Illustration: particulars as to
terms, etc- 424 Pine at.; illustrations :uruisheU
for magazines, newspapers, etc.
UPTURE AND PILES CURED: NO PAY
XX, until cured; send for book. DRa MAN*
FIELD _ PORTKRFIELD. 838 Market, st.
. . . ,
AGNISCOPE — NEW PROJECTING MA-
!>l chine; uses theklnetoscope— ma; price (260.
BACIGALUPI. 946 Market si.
ALL PAPKR, 4C A ROLL: PAPER HANG-
" Ing. painting, etc., by contract or day's work, at
your own price. N.K MERIGAN, 1302 Webster st.
LKCTRIO LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM-
Winchester House. 44 Third at, nr. Market;
'.00 rooms. 25c to 91 60 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CLOAKS, FURS AN D SUITS RETAILED AT
wholesale prices. Factory. 20 SansomesU
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
OA-ROOM HOUSE ON MARKET ST $1,400
Ov 24-room house, only _50
10 rooms, on McAllister sU 400
20 rooms; corner: new 1,200
14 rooms on suiter 350
7-room house, only. 250
18 rooms. nei«r the Baldwin. .. " 500
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market sL, opp. Fifth.
A UCTION PRICES BEATEN; GOOD MONEY.
-cv makers.
$275- Surely worth double; 15 rooms on Sixth.
350— 1/4, cash; 22 rooms: here's a snap.
»600— 24 rooms: Market: Kood for *80 clear
Also new houses to leu SPECK & CO., 602 Mkt.
O(\ ROOMS; ELEGANT: PAYING; NORTH
ou of Market. $2300
II rooms; new; sunny; central 275
Furnished house: new; north of Market 110
UNDERWOOD & CO., 765 Market sU
TO LET— STORE AND 21 ROOMS; SUNNY-
T, '-J Minna St.; rent very cheap. MADISON <t
BURKE.
1 A NICELY FURNISHED ROOMS: GOOD
XV payiug; all rented; must sell; 19 sixth st.
9 -ROOM FURNISHED HOUSE FULL OP
1/ roomers, heap. Address A. 8., box 131, Call.
1 I ROOM>: .\ KVv FURNITURE: • FULL OF
xrx roomers: offer wanted. 402 Geary st.
OOQ HAVES-BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
"*J" ai.l,: subscriptions and want ad» taken.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
pETIRING FROM RETAIL BUSINESS;
X\/ must close out sloe* In 30 days: brussels car-
pet, 42Vac yard; floor oilcloth. 18c: mat ing, 7o
yard; bedroom sets, 5 pieces. *9 60: 4-room fur-
niture ontflt, $65. SHIREK & SHIREK, 747
Market st, opp. Grans, aye.
AT L. J. NEUMANN'S, 117 SIXTH. FOU
lowest prices on household goods: new or goal
as new; cas 1 or on time: Open evenings. i
I^UKNITTRE FOit SALE: MUST BE SOLD
before Wednesday. 2528yjt Sutter St.
CARPET CLEANING.
pARPETS CLEANED. RENOVATED LIKE
VJ new. J. McQUEKN,4S3 Stevenson. Tel. 5.228.
CITY SThAM CARPET CLEAN WORKS-
cleans, moves, lays carpets. _ H. STEV
s'Sr. 38 and 40 l.tgnth st. : telephone South 260,
\\r HEN YoU BKCOME DISGUSTED WITH
*» poor work send toSPAULDING'S Pioneer Ca-
rpet-beating Works. 353-67 Tehama st. ; tel. So. 4 J.
pARPET-«:LEANING, 3c: LAYING, 3c: RUG
v^ samples free; teL jessie 944. Stratton, 38th st.
A D VANCE CARPET-CLEANING (X) 402
■A Suiter: teL Main 394. GEO. WAHOM'.prop.
T WATTS, reliable carpet-cleaning renoytg alter-
O . ation works. 409 McAllister. Tel. Jessie 321.
CARPETS CLEANED* RENOVATED LIKE
; new. 23 Tenth; tel. South 36. Mackintosh <fc Ca
JE. MIICHKLL, CAKPET-CLEa~NIN.* CO
. 240 14th su ; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mis. 71.
CONKLIN'S CARPKT- BEATING WORKd
/ 333 Golden Gate aye. Telephone Kast 12&
PBOIOGRAPHEEB SUPPLIES.
BEST GEL- TINE PAPER IN MARKET IS
-Defender"; price low; try It. Sole Coast
Agencj, California Camera Company, 22 Geary st.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
K\l_Y FUi:NI-HED DINING-ROOM Ix 4
laru'e lodging-house: 35 bo rders; central 10.
cation: gncrt transient trade: very low rent. UN-
DERWOOD <fc CO., 765 Market st.
<_.<r>- l\ STEADY SOBER MAN WILLIS^
Op^i ".'. to work as partner In light manufacW
turing business; well established and win posijrV
lively clear $100 per month to each; reference*
Address M. 0., box 43, tnis office.
J-X'R SAL; — SEL CT BOARDINO-HOOSK OK
43 rooms; handsomely furnished; dining-room
attached: with 40 regular boarders; central loca-
tion: cash offer only: no ageuts. Address c. P.,
box 76, Can Ofiice. '
0 L "-ESTABLISH I- D HAY AND GRAIN
business; ;pa. ing well: choice location: must
leave cr.y on account of failing health: inveuiga-
tion solicited. Address G. M. E . box 28, Call.
IKING EXPERT WANTS PARTNKR TO
lil establish permanent reduction works; rare
opportunity to double vest menu Call room 210
Golden We. t Hotel.
<SZ<)l\f\ MILK AND CREAM DEPOT; BEST
1 <JJ)_iv7U. locution; che pr»nt, and will beartha
fullest investigation. SCRIBNER _ CO., 7 city
.hall aye.
TIT AN'JJ-D-2 YOUNG GERMANS TO~OPE^
tt first-class grocery end bar. NW. corner Foi-
son) and Twenty-thlr 1 st~.
i ____^
I^OR SALE— TEA, COFFEE A.M. >p7(Je
i wagon; new and second-hand wagons of all
Kinds. 1340 Turk su
ILLINERY PARLORS; CENTR \i7ToCa~
tion: Oakland: bargain. Address 11., box is
Oakland Call Office.
CIGAK-STORE AND LAUNDRY OFFICE*
\J in good location: very reasonable. 518 Hayes*.
ANTED- A MAN WITH SOME iloxiy
and detective ability. 18 Montgomery, room '£.
SALOON .FOR SALE; A BARGAIN: OK AC-
count of sickness. Call 447 O'Fam-11.
THE DAINTY RESTAURANT, 636 GEARY
X st., doing a flourishing business, is for sale at a
price below anything of the kind In the city. Ap-
ply at the premises.
m. tf\(\ RESTAURANT AND OYSTER--
(piUU. house, with rurnished rooms; near
local railroad station. Address H. M., box 1, Call
Office, Oakland.
QTATIONERY STORE; OLD. GOOD I'AVIN .
0 place; nice for woman to make a good living
Inquire Call Office.
TV" ANTED— A GOOD BUSINESS MA_\ aS^s
1 1 partner. For particulars call at J. L, BoON'TI
offic , 214 Pine st. f~
FOR SALE— GROCERY AND BAR; FOUR
_ living-rooms. Inquire 600 Fourth st.
"yODNG EASTEKN LADY WANTS GENTLE.
X man partner. 850 Market St., room 5.
lAT ANTED— A PARTNER IN THE SALOON
" business. Apply 442 Bush st.
PROSPEROUS REPUBLICAN WEEKLY
X newspaper; golden opportunity: easy terms;
owner leaving. Address N., box 61, this office.
SALOON BUSINESS FOR SALE — THE
stock of liquors, cigars and fixtures of saloon
contained in premises. 500 Baker st., corner of
Grove, in this city, and belonging to the estate of
Daniel McFadden, deceased, is for sale. Bids or
offers for the same will be received up to 13
o'clock m., Monday, the first day of March, 1897.
at room 35, Chronicle building. A. C. FREESE,
>pecal administrator of the estate of DANIEL
McFADDEN, deceased.
WANTED— PARTNER IN AN OLD-EBTAB-
lished commission business. Address A. 8.,
box 144, Call office, giving name and address.
SALOON: MUST SELL IMMEDIATELY;
sickness. Address southeast corner Kearny
and California. Inquire 123 Prospect place.
T/URNITURE-MOVING OUTFIT FOR SALE;
X first-' lass team: good-paying stand. South-
east corner Haight and Fillmore sis.
SALOON ON BUSY SIREET NORTH OF
Market; cheap rent; lease: bargain this week;
no agents. Inquire Call office.
VOUNO WIDOW OF MEANS DESIRES GEN-
X tleman partner. Room 3, 995 Market, st.
"V-uUNG WIDOW WANTS A GENTLEMAN
X partner; small capital. Room 8, 207 Post st.
QOAA SALOON: DOING NICE BUSINESS;
CO""- fine location: nicely fined; line range
for lunch; patent beer pumps; owner leaving city;
a bargain. UNDERWOOD _ CO.. 765 Market sk
&OAA FOR HALF-INTEREST IN MANU-
t^fjKJy' facturing business. Apply 328 Bush St.,
room 4.
SALOON; OWNER 6 YEARS IN SAMB
place. Apply Anchor Brewery, 1431 Pacific
STORE WITH 3 LIVING-ROOMS: ELEGANT
location for business. 406 fourth st.
TT'OR SALE— FINELY FCRXISHED HOUSE*
X 10 rooms; all tented; cheap. 518 Taylor st.
TOOR SALE CHEAP— A PAYING PRODUCE- i
_ store on Fifth street. Call 427 Front su P
Ok'^ MISSION — SUBSCRIPTIONS AND*
_-U— L) want ads taken for The Call.
T ATEST CAR FENDER PATENT: BEST IN
X_ ventlon. Apply 623 Golden Gate aye.
CITY ROUTE FOR SALE. APPLY THIS
office.
A NIMATOSCOPE— PROJECTING LIVING
J\. pictures. Animatoscope, 933 Mrkt., 7tb floor.
TV"EWSPAPER ROUTE IN INTERIOR CITY
XI close to San Francisca For particulars apply
this office.
■» WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — TH»
£— -VEEKLY CALL, hi wrapper, for mailing.
HORSES.
BARGAIN' — MUST BE SOLD: LIGHT,
strong delivery with horse and harness;
blankets, etc., and part of camping outfit; $30- or
separately. 1755 Mission st.
_in HORSES FOR SALE; ALSO WAGONS.
ttV/ buggies, carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse
Market, 327 Sixth St.: auction sales eVery Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN _ DOYLE. Auctioneers.
IT OR SALE— MATCH TEAM OF BAYS; WELL
-T bred; suitable for doctor or roal; 6 and 6 years-
gentle aud sound. At Bel mont Stable, 2614 MU
slon St.; telephone blue 906.
DAINTING AND PAPERING IN EXCHANGE
X for horse and wagon. 239 Third st.
LARGE STABLE AND .LOFT FOR BENT
cheap. Linden aye., near Van Ness.
ALL KINDS OF TURNOUTS TO LET AND
for sale. M.F. BOYCE'Slivery stable. 38 12 th st
en HEAD OF HORSES SUITABLE FOR ANY
Ov/business 900 to 1500 pounds. Old Turk-sU car
stables, 1801 Turk; team of large young mules.
crw\ SET NEW AND SECOND-HAND HAft."
OUU ness: all kind«: bu_Ky,wa«fon. carts, surrey
— rockawa-: 40 cheap horses. 16th and Valencia.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
CECOND-HAND BUTCHER'S DELIVERY-
O wagon. Twenty-sixth and Sanchez sts.
mOP ROCKAWAY, EXPRESS AND 3-CAN
X milk wagon; must be sold. 1620 Mission st.
"VTEW AND SECOND-HAND BAKiSR. LATTM-
-L> dry and milk-waeon; also fine top buggy aid
rockaway. B'-8 Harrison st. " I
It'
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS, f^
mHOROUGHBRED HATCHING EGGS,
X Brahma, Plymouth Rock. Mlnorcas, Wyan-
dotte. i oud»n, Spanish Cochins, Hamburg $1 per
13; Leghorns, 70c; golden and W. C. Black:
Polands, $2; ;owl for sale. 1031 McAllister st.
* 1 9 £\C\ IMPROVED HIGH-ARM SlN'i-
«m I_j.«JU. er macnine attachments. 2437
Mission st., near Twenty- first.
FOR SALE— FRESH COW. WELL BRED AND
good milker; 4 year,. 112 Moulton avo., Sunny-
side.
|?OR SALE— A 6x9 STRAHLE BILLIARD-
X I table: complete: comparatively new. Apply
H. BUNEMAN, 401 Front St., cor. Clay.
GREAT DANE PUPS; THOROUGHBRED.
VJ 810 Elizabeth st., west of Castro.
y*R_J-H COW, THIRD CALF. APPLY 383
■£- Dolores St., bet. Sixteenth and Seventeenth.
pOFFEE MILL. SCALES. LETTER FRES3,
\J stand desk, money till, safe; cheap. 102 Clay.
i>OILERS.ENGINES,2D-HANU MACHINERY
XJ water-pipes. Mclntosh A Wolpman, 137 Beala.
JJAUS, SHOWCASKS, COUNTERS. SH-LV-
-»•> ing, etc., bought and so.d. 1063 Mission, nr. 7th.
t.) GOOn MILCH COWS WITH PRIVATE
*~ customer^; cheap. 310 Golden Gate aye.
FKKSII MILCH COW AND CALF: CHEAP
923 Fell st. -'•? .
Ai GE DOUBLE COMPARTMENT COIN
bank saf<>; chea.. 8 Mission St.
HAND LAUNDRY MACHINE*; NEW AND
seconu-band; tools supp led, etc. 766 Bryan'.
1 ARS, BACK BARS, MIRRORS, SHot\V-
I' cases, counters, linoleum, office furnltVre
■tore and office furniture and fixtures, new 8...i
second hand. J. NtONAJV, 1017-1019-10_l-ifi_j
Mission s. . above Sixth. T|
■VJ-EW ELMWO'iDRANGKS ARK THE BESxT
x\ W. 8. KAY MFG. CO, 12dCalifornia st.
NE SMALL MEDIUM AND LAROE-SIZB
fire and burglar proof safe. 109-1] Market si
SEWING MACHINES.
SE W ING MA CmNTH^^^rjOHTT SOLD
rented and repaired. 145 Sixth st. I. S. CO_iS.H•'• °. —• ' cjTY REAL ESTATE.
in : "H. UMBSEN & co.,
. .•Aj."'-.' REAL "fiST ATE AGENTS,
'. :• " ;.- "' Bent Collector* and Auctioneers,
.'/;•;■; .14 Montgomery st., near Market.
. W _ ':[ BARGAINS*— JUST RECEIVED.
W a "GOOD CORNKR.
• WTrtrin TWO-STORY AND BASEMENT
. •» \ inlu - house In 2 flats: basement Is hl«h
• • ajirj cogid be converted into store at little expense-
;o- :r)v8B:B: both streets accepted, being in good
Kcation in Westeru Addition.
.... A l-.v! 1 I ©T.
•"sKIIO LOK - GORE LOT FRONTING ON
OV-UVI. s «m Jose road, equal to 7 lots; owner a
•^on'resident: must sell.
* A •ttPL'fI.SDID INVESTMENT * "
'.^l(>0'00 ? IENT ?972 PER ANNUM; 2
0 C/V.UUU. houses ot 7 rooms and bath each,
"•^i^Sa've.f lirV^ge,* oollllB ° a McAllister
et. and. Ash aye. ; 2 frontages.
OCKAN VIEW COTTAGE. '
' .^■9ooo • A MO COTTAGE OF 6
O^uyu. room* aud bath; bay-windows; brick I
fwin^f'' 1 - ct h C: . large lot 37:6x1v6: right in
ve^easlTern^' 10 th 9 CaM; wUI be suld ° a
-V Nit CORNER RESIDENCK
is47f)o SUBSTANTIAL 2STORY AND
°»Sfh. i, i i' I bMenl « nt houso of 10 room* and
bath; brick foundation; stone walks, etc.; both
o strews accepsed; marine view.
A GOOD BUSINESS CORNER
• .SKiOO erox;aJ:v ' JOSEave:s " '
Btofe • * SBx7o; • splendid localon for a
. A GOOD SMALL INVESTMENT
"i^flOO" 2 NICK BA DOW FLATS OF
V** "x^ 7^- 5 and 6 rooms and bath, each; lot I
V ID ?J-!! 0 SS h to an »Hey; Mission warm belt.
A HMJ RESIDENCE LOT.
'.S-2800 - >sxla7:ts ; GOLDEN GATE AYE.
A CHEAP COTTAGE.
• *<1 c )fl0 CONTAINS 4 ROOM?, ETC.; LOT
" «E^t:^VV!y # 26^115; near Market and Noe sts.
..JtREfeIDIO HEIGHTS L T.
.-=<C-I9nn CHOICK LOT; 2»:5xl27:8: ON
•' ***•— lVtyj ' Washington st. ; read- to build on.
•■ "V* E LE <3ANi KAbI'LAKG «. OTTAOE.
' Qfifi^O ONK OPTHK BEST LOCALITIES
. Kj.\J\JU\J. in the We* em Adilltiou: n:i elegant
■ -window cottage of 6 rooms and bath; brick
... ioundaC!o:>. etc. : stable; driveway; ulce lawn and
.Karaen: 27^6x137:6.
•• . TWO VER-i CHKAP FLATS.
• <B«Q^rtn -JONES ST.; RENT $378 PER AN-
V. tJ ( -'. nara; 4 rooms and bath each.
A CHOICE
• "<" "\ ' |f> CLAY ST.; 25x137:6: THIS IS A
• »<'JJ. sunny lot aod Is very cheap.
-.COll AGE.
• . &9^nn 'SUBSTANTIAL AND NICK BAT-
.. — tjyjyj, window cottage of 5 rooms and bath:
lot 25x86: in the warm b It ■ f the Mission: handy
several line* of ca s; will b* sold on easy terms.
/" f a 1 ' and obtain one or our Real tstate Record *,
M .eh co tAins a list of properties lor sale in all
of the city. G. 11. DMBSEN & CO.,
•' ' 14 Montgomery st
•noYEE, TOY A SONNTAG, ~~
• REAL' ESTATE AGENTS.
Houses rented, rents collected and full charge
• ■ taken of property .
. . 30 MONTGOMERY ST.
C 1 9 000 A FINE PIECE OF BUSINESS
Jj^J. _ .\J\J\J. property on Eddy st.. east of
Larkln; sire 50x87:8: old improvements; now
renting for 553 per month.
•' Qf'OPn Ll ' TO - N * BUCHANAN ST.. NEAR
>.AUUU. c .'Farrell: sire 26x1b0, through to
rear st. street bituminlzed: fashionable location.
LOTS AND. IMPROVEMENTS ON CAPP ST.,
bet. 22d and 23d, coiislitins of houses of 2
flats each of 7 and 8 rooms and bath: also house
on Howard St., bet. 22d and .-3d. of 9 rooms and
bath each; size of lots 25 and 27:6x122:6 each;
f r surther particulars apply at olHce.
' • C97X A • LOT ON PAGE ST., WEST OF BA-
j&<4 i O\J. ker; 26x137:6 feet; lots ready to
build on. .
Q-T^O L °TSON 10TH AVK., NEAR CALI-
- «^ lO\J. fornla st; 25x120 leet; on easy terms.
" - %91 000 FINE CORNER ON CALIFOR- i
%- — X.V \J\J . nla st and nice residence of 10
rooms /and bath; lot 65x81:3 feet; fashionable !
.neighborhood.
Qj^f|O LOT AND COTTAGE OF 9 ROOMS j
. lin/ ". and bath on fcott st., near (lay:
25x81:3 feet This is offered for sale a. the above
lot price.
QUf) SIX LOTB AND CORNER: 26x100
<- Lt 'y > feet each; Excel*lor Homestead; must ]
. l)C_sold immediately.
' For further list apply to
■ . BOVEE, T V & SONNTAG,
" '• ■ 30 Montgomery street '
.' }.' W..UAWKINS, ~~ "
'■*-*' ..iJeaier In real estate,
-.' • Mortgage loans and insurance,
11 Montgomery street,
Lick Hou-e l!o«.
•' MONEY TO LOAN AT 6 PER CENT ON CITY
. . • BUSINESS PROPERTY.
. ' ■ CHEAP.
-• Q'JVnAA PAYS 10 PER CENT NET: i
O^- 1 *J»\J\J\J.. fine improvements: splendid lo- j
S°- cu/ion: no better investment in this city.
V r <(\oo(\ KACH-2 LOTS, NORTH line <
m . \)\ni\t Ellis St., between Franklin ana Go ugh- ;
f • - "27:6x137:6. . '
■Q^OOH BRYANT ST.: STREET AC-
m %nU\J\J\i. ceptedipays over 15 per cent: gooa
building; always rented: size 2-x9O.
Q lO(iO Handsome bay-window cot- I
. o ♦_ "iv/..yv/. lace; north line of Bush st, near
. 1 alter; 6 rooms ana bath; line basemont- large I
° . garden; size 25x137:6.
"•Q^fiO ASHBURY HEIGHTS, 'CORNER
• • ><J\J\J. Frederick and Clayton sts.: beautiful j
• view; cars now pfts-. the property; street work i
o done; size 53:1 Vixl 37:6.
°°S;mOO .FAYS «384 YEARLY; ALWAYS!
„• . UIVU. rented; nearly new: perfect order:
•=•„ 4 tenants; no oetter small investment.
.!*• QJ'^O PARk LOIS; SECOND TIER:
. ... It)W. south of park, near boulevard; size \
°
° ; -' Oa r. A. PRETTY BAY-WINDOW COT-
-0 ° t\T£-UO\J. tage; 6 rooms and bath; nr. Market
. s and Guerrero .sts.; mortgage «1500 can remain- !
1 i r«3t 822 50; size 25x75. ' '■
. Apply to E\ W. HAWKINS, 11 Montgomery st.
o ° FEW BARGAINS.
VALENCIA, NEAR 220; BEST
o OO I OVJ. part; flats and cottage; all In tiuest '■
a ° O ondition; good lot.
° . HILL, NEAR GUERRERO: 7 ROOMS, BATH
c „ II servants' rooms; patent heater; 25x90; offer
wanted. g •
QQfinfi ONLY FOR A BUSINESS CORNER
<7 t - ) "'-'" on Folsom St.; store acd flat of 5 !
rooms and- bath: 25x70.
o° "DACIFIC'-TIEIGHTS: MARINE VIEW; BU- !
„ X chanan st, near Green; elegant bay-window
> " modern borne; sacrifice; owner leaving town;
offer wanted.
7 ARGE PIECE ON PACIFIC, NR. TAYLOR' |
•M in lots to suit: tnls should be looked at.
• QlftflO COTTAGE AND LOT; 30x95; i
»_ J U\J\J. Twenty-second st., near Harrison.
8 -I tZC\n NE - COX - IS * OE AXD DUNCAN t
xOWU. 55x114: given away at this price.
**sl 4 000 I)BUMM ST., NR. MARKET.
QIITA MISSISSIPPI, NEAR ELECTRIC !
O-l J «J-U . cars and Union Ironworks; finest
f/view; good building lot; 30x100.
t •' W.H. CRIM & CO.. 118 Montgomery st
"' YJr OR SALE AT A SACRIFICE.
'""■' Q>Af\f\ LOTS ON KANDALL ST., NEAR
•. . *3rIVJ\J. Chenery, 26x100 feet; street sewered, '
macadamized and ready to build on; balance can |
■• remain.
•• $t.)AA 'LOTS ON WARREN ST., NEAR !
.-.• Kp— yJ\J. 23th: sewered, macadamized and ready
t;« build on; flue view of the Mission; mortgage
• *• can-remain.
• "G.IAA LOT 120x100 IN UNIVERSITY
»7 ■«'-'"• Homestead. Dear Sliver aye.; good
-. ace for a chicken ranch or flower garden: fcal-
. ■ acca on installments.
'•■ 1 (\(\ LOTS ON A ST.. BET. 22D AND 23D,
»J* 1 VJV7. aye., ready to build on; 25x100 feet;
'. ' BSd aye. graded to Point Lobo* aye.: balance can
/..remain.
'' <2i7^ LOTS ON 27TH AYE., NEAR POINT
•* . •_ I >).' Locos! 26x120 feet: overlooking the park
•j arrd Richmond district; balance can remain.
" <QT^f\ LOTS ON 44TH AYE., NEAR BUTRO
■'-. 'OOU. Heights; 25x120 feet; balance can re-
-"•; main.
•■ • •■ Money to loan on city real estate.
.•■".;• .. " ' . ' J. HBOWNBTONE,
• .;•' .'•". " 11 Montgomery st.
; y ■
'-CCPPOSE, '
fQ.s • JUST SUPPOSE,
.''(it some one should offer you a lot 26x118
cir^otly in the residence portion of the city. in an
•■Ment neighborhood, 'lose to good schools and
. " stores, only half a block from the 22d-et. cars ana
-. '8 'mocics frbm the Castro st cars, commanding a
•.superb view of the city and bay. level and ready to
.'•■. i.d on, for $450 aud atlow you to pay for It at
.. • iht* rate of »5 a month— suppose, we say, that i
■pome one should make you the offer. Wouldn't I
.'i>ou nap at it?
•' l;Th«'s exactly what we offer you in the Hey-
. t'-^n.Tract.. Come and see about it at once.
I J*ACOB hky.man, Owner. 11 Montgomery st
.'. I r.take"22d-8U cars to Hoffman aye., direct tothe
.'.f '■ ■'■<•<-, and ask for James A. Cotter. He will show
/you. around.
m _« .
OH HOUSE OF 2 FLATS: 6 ROOMS
• %®£i IW. ana bath in each flat: rents 9 30 per
• month: on the K. side of Palmer St., near 29th: a I
; dead give away; $300 cash down: ba ance can be
• paid off with the r. Nt T. BROWNSTONE, 11
Montgomery st. ,
ffi»QP,O COST *ltOO; 126x100 FEET, COR.
tiPOUU. Berkshire and. Hamilton ■ts.. Mission
. and Thirtieth it. Extension Homestead Union.
. CUAb. C. FXBBBK, 607 CallTornla su
CITY REAL. ESTATE.
MADISON " 4 BURKE, MEAL. JCBTATK
Agents; established 1858: 626 Market *t.
SEAWALL; 60VARA LOT; BEST WARE-
O bouse site in city ; cor. Lombard and Battery ;
only $55,000.
BARGAIN— MUST SELL TO CLOSE ESTATE;
6th, near Folsom: 100x75; covered with
bouses; only value of lot asked.
KKARNY-ST. CORNER, NEAR MARKET;
old improvements; renting for $400 per
month; price $85,000. j
\! ONTGOMERY: BLOCK NEAR CALIFOR-
■'• nat stores and offices paying over 9 per cent
on $100,000; lot 95:6x68:9.
OH Ft QHfk webster, NEAR O'FAK-
(TItI.OUu. rell: modern Improvement* In
flats; well rented; lot 60x137:6; half cash.
C'QAnn FILLMORE, NR. MCALLISTER;
(TOUuU. elegant flats, renting for s6s; lot 26x
87:6.
BUSINESS PROPERTY: N LINE HAVES
X) st.. near Franklin; lot 25x120 to rear street;
store, flat and rear house; offered cheap.
®Ci{\(\Ci PAGE, NKAR BRODERICKi KEBI-
CvvUUi dence of 7 rooms and bath: lot 25x I
b7:6.
ffI^AAA LAO UN A, NEAR EDDY; TWO
«JP»JV.»UV/. flats; rents $36: modern In every
respect and always rented.
C; l \(\(\ '* FLATS: LOTT ST., NR. GOLDEN
•T'tOUU. Gate Park; 25x100; yearly rental
$ioa ____
G«'.)Cnn CALIFOKNIA-ST. COTTAGE, NR.
■mOI \.r\J. 3d aye.; 6 rooms and bath; in a rap-
idly improving neighborhood.
OtQAAA DUPONT ST., NR. LOMBARD:
tJrOUUVJ. contains 8 room* and bath: lot 33:9 x
68:9. __
9 FLATS AND LOT: 9TH AYE., NR. CALI-
— fornla st.; rented and paying large income;
lot 25x120: price $3000.
4 FLATS; DE LONG AYE., OVERLOOKING
Golden Gate Park; rents $46; price only $4000.
©97 f\(\ HARRISON. NR. 12TH; STORE
O— I W. and flat; rents $20; lot 26x80.
DOxnn COLLING WOOD. NEAR 20TH:
— 'H/V.F. '27:6x100: contains 5 rooms and
bath; large basement.
®9ftfifl ARMY, NEAR DOLORES: COT-
OUU. lage, 5 rooms and bath; lot 25x114.
©OQAA 27TH ST., NR. DOLORES; 4
O — ''«"■ rooms and bath; lot 25x114.
MONTHLY INCOME $49, FOR $4000: NEAR
ii- Kearny st and Broadway; lot 20x57
T NIMPROVED PROPERTY.
Corner California and Locust; 87:6x107:7.
$4'J6o— Green si., near Fillmore: 37:6x100.
$8500— Page St., near Baker. 75x137:6.
S-riOO-I'lne «.. cor. Lyon; 31:3x80.
$2050— Ridley, near Scott; 25x117:9.
$1800— Sanchez st. nr. 16th; 25x100.
$1800-Ci»pp»L t near 16;h: 25x75.
$1100— 2 d aye., nr. Point Lobos: *26x120.
$1000— A st, near 14th aye.: 86x144.
*iaoo-2d aye., near California St.- 25x120.
$1000— Hancock, near Sanchez: 25x114.
$900-Calltornlast-, near 12th aye. ; 25x100.
$700— Foyce st., nr. Point Lobos: 25x120.
Madison a- burke. 626 Market su
A. H. LIRSAK. O. F. VOX RHETIT.
OF. YON RHEIN A CO.. .REAL ATS
• Agents, Auctioneers and House Brokers, 513
California street.
$20,000— Second and Minna: 44x77:6 with an L;
2 stores, upper flat and rear bouse: rents $117 50.
$15,000— Hayes, near Mllmore; 35x137:6; 3 fine
flats, each 8 rooms and batu; rents $105.
*14,000— Castro and 19th: 30x85; druggist and
hardware stores; 2 flats above; rents $100.
$10,000— Corner Laguna and Fulton: 50x110: 2-
story house: butcher-ahoD and flats: rent-. $05 50.
$9Uuu— HalgUt, near fctelner: 25x112:6; 2 flats,
13 rooms and baths: rents $57 50.
$7200— Hay near Kleiner; 25x82:6; 2 new
flats; rents $52 50. ' ■ ■ .
$7 ». oo— Oak, near Webster: 25x87:6; 2 flats; 11
rooms and 2 baths; rents $50.
$6500— Green st., nr. Montiromerv aye. ; 22:11 x
68:9; 3 bav-wlndow flats: 17 rooms and baths;
ren;s $57 50.
$6000— Union, near Dupont; 23x65:9; 2-story
house: 8 tenements; rents $52
$5500— near Powell; 37:6x904 2 3-story
houses: 15 rooms and bath: rent $46.
$4000— Washington, near Powell ; 20x57:6; 3-
story residence: 10 rooms and 2 bains: 2 flats:
rent $40.
$4500— Julian aye.. bet. 14th and 15th; 39:10x-
-94: 4 flas: rents $42.
$4500— -21 st, near Guerrero; 25x114; 'i flats:
rents $39.
$4000— Kearny. near Green: 20x80 to Sonora; 4
flats. 15 rooms, with stable: rents $39.
» 3600— Leaven north St.. near Vallejo: 20x68:6;
3 flats; 11 rooms and baths; rents $33.
Tehama St., near 4tb; 25x80: front and
rear houses: 6 flats: rent $53.
$3300— Union st. near Mason: 2 flats: rents $40. j
$310J— stanynn, near Grattan: 80 feet by irreg- '
ular depth; partially occupied by house; 6 rooms '
and bub: rent $16.
♦ 2900— Jersey, near Diamond; 2ax114: 2-story
b' use: 2 flats: 9 rooms an.l bath: rents $25.
$2500— Valley st., near Church; 27x114:6; 3
flats; rents $16 60.
$2000— Bay. n^ar Kearny; 22:11x68:9: 2 flats,
9 rooms, mi.i $19.
UNIMPROVED.
Valencia, near 25th-st railroad station; Six
117:6 to an alley.
Corner N and Bth aye.. South S. F. ; 100*10 J.
Fair Oaks and 23th: 30x100
30x70; Jessie si., between 13:h and 14th.
25x 65; Stevenson, near 14th: 4 lots.
25x95; 4 lots: -oth and Vor<.
$7500— McAllister, near F.llmore; 40x137:6.
30x120: 5 lots; Precita end California avea.;
near Folsom st.
$4000— Polk and Union; 27x67: make offer.
$2250— Union, nearStelner; 28:4x100.
$2000— Hancock St.. near Sanchez; 50x114.
$1200— Cor. B and 25tn aye.: 60x188.
JOHN PFORI', 829 MONTGOMERY ST.. OPP.
Hafe Deposit, offers for sale:
Fine corner on Hieuart and Howard sts.; 45:10 x
45:10: rent $125 per month.
$16,500— Hen: $130: McAllister st, business
portion; .',■ story house; 2 store* and flats of 7 rooms
and batn; 35x110.
$12.000— Must be sold; --story double-flat bouse:
Bth st., near Mission: can b> made into stores.
46200— Business property: fine 3-story bay-win-
dow house, store, and 2 flats of 5 and ti rooms
upstairs: on Geary st . near steiner; rent $47 50.
$32.000— Eddy st , near Mason; store aud lode-
ing: 26x137:6: rent $160.
S37.Uoo— Business property: stores and flats;
paying $300 per month.
DWELLINGS.
$tTOO-Rent $90; only $3000 cash, balance on
mortgage; 2 fine double fl its on Geary st. aud 2
double flats in the rear; lot 28x125.
$3260— Kidley st., 1 block N. of Market; cot-
tage ti rooms and bath; lot 25x100.
$1800— 26th-st corner, near Valencia; cottage
6 rooms and bmh.
$16,5J0— Post St., near Devisadero; 7 houses;
lar«e lot; rent $128; make off.-r.
*h5OO-4 fine flats, '21/" b ocks N. of Market st. ;
on i llimore st, and lot 48x81:6; rent $70.
?60U0— An Eustiake nice 2-story house on Treat
aye., opposite Garfleld square; large lot 49x112:6
10 street in rear; only $150J cash, balance on
nj"r u.i t%,
$4500— 3-flat bay-window house, 1 block from
Market St.; lot 25x110: rent $55.
$4500— Castro st., near 16th: 2-story modern
built H-roora house: !o: 25x1t0.
$7600— Fine modern residence on Page*t , ne»r
entrance to Panhandle, park: lot 27x137:6.
$6500— Nob Hill residence; modern built and
arranged; half block from Hopkins Art Institute.
$10.000— sixth st.: substantial 3-story house;
12 rooms; bath; brick loundatlon; lot 25x100.
UNIMPROVED.
Corn ' r 23d aye. «nd A St.; 53:4x100.
$3100— Fine corner lot on Filimore st.
SBoo— Noe el. near Thirtieth; lot 36:6x75.
OTOCKTON.
READ. THIS.
WE ARE OFFERING THE CHOICEST POR-
tion of the estate of (.ap-.aln C. M. Weber, the
founder of Btockton, In subdivisions at low prices
and liberal terms.
"I OTS FROM $250 TO $850.
ALL LOTS WITHIN THE CITY LIMITS OF
Stockton and within 16 minutes walk of the
business center.
A CHANCE TO MAKE MONEY.
gEND FOR MAPS AND CATALOGUES.
G. H. UMBSEN A CO-
-14 Montgomery sl, San Francisco,
Or 118 East Main st., Stockton, C'al.
FOR SALE BY M. B. LEVY, 11 MONTQOM-
ery st
$9500 . Sg? 1 BTOEEB A **
ftl 000 HAVES - ST., BET. FRANKLIN
3J>ItJ.UU*/. and Gongh; 2 frontages im-
provements first-class^
<KiIROO L 2 TT h » T " NKAR MCALLISTER-
i^±u\J\J, 2 flats; 6 rooms; bath; mantels in
each.
<a»r;nnfi cheap; nw. corneh. IN fine
t\rO\J\f\J. condition, near Bth and Folsom- rent
$66: must sell.
$1000— Nice cottage of 4 rooms and bath; inside
of 19th ana Sanchez sts.; in good condition; lot
26x114; not all cash required.
$36U0— a beautiful NW. corner in the Mission-
lot 50xH0: owner will iraJe for flats in Western
Addition and pay the difference. :
Cheap — Four lots bet J and X sts., on 46th aye.
J. W. WRIGHT & CO., 628 Market si.
Oil A(\l\ ONLY FOR THAT CHOICE LOT
«3> JL^iU" on 14th St., nearNoe; If yon hare any
doubt of this being a bargain ask some of the ad*
Joining property-owners and you will be con-
vinced that it Is a pickup. If desired, will build a
cottage on the lot and sell on Installments; s it? of
10t26x116. »-.■■■■■■-■..■ •
foQA/i A OHANCK FOR SOME ONE TO
iJ)OO"i'. obtain 2 modern flats on Tremont
aye., near Waller St.. on your own terms.
$7600 for a corner 50-vara on Laguna st.
$4000-Cor. 9th aye. and T st.; size 100x120.
$900— Choice level cor. on Clement St.; 32x100.
ENGLISH & MORRIbHEY, 628 Market st
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1897.
I CITY REAL ESTATE,
' COTTAGES I.V ALL SECTIONS OF
\J the city.
aCOAAA A FORCED SALE; STANYAN ST.;
xSSU\f\jyt. bouse of 9 rooms and bath; lot
I 26x167: street work done: half cash will buy It.
TWO NEW COTTAGES.
<SI9Qfin AND * 2 ? — UP-TO-DATE BAY-
<i£)4JO\J\J window cottages: 4 and 6 large
rooms; tiled sinks; handsome mantels and all
convenient e<: your own term*; see them at once;
Do.ores st., bet. Army a.d 27 in.
ANOTHER BARGAIN.
! $O«n ONLY— BRAND-NEW COTTAGE, 6
I .UiJ"' rooms: bath, etc.; Eureka st., near
i 19tb : o ose to Castro-st. can; m us. be seen to be
appreciated.
fIJM7En $600 CASH, BALANCE SAME AS
O -A ■' *J\J. rent; a great bargain: fine new B-
story house of 8 rooms, bath. etc. ; Church st, near
19th; lot 25x100.
ELIZABETH ST., NR. DOUGLASS!
C 1 *- I *J\J. good 1-story and basement and attic
cottage of 7 rooms, bath, etc.; lot 25x90.
©9^fifl NATOMA ST., NR. 9TH; 1-STORY
»_~«JUU. and basement cottage; rent $13; lot
22 :6x94.
fIJ»Q£AA GOLDEN GATE AYE., NR. LOTT
DiJ UU. st: 2 story bay-window house of 6
l rooms and bath; lot 25x137:6.
I Cfc97nn 11TH AYE.. NEAR CALIFORNIA
g-luu. at.: 1-story and basement cottage of
' 6 rooms and bath; lot '26x1-20.
CJJOQAA NICE NEW 5 ROOM BAY-WIN-
f"p«.OUU. aow cottage: high basement and
bathroom: lot 26x120; one-half cash: 4th ava,
near Clement
A FINE HOCBE CHEAP.
©1 Qfifl A GOOD 6-ROOM COTTAGE ON
r©iOUU. Whitney St., near 30th; lot 26x125;
term* can be arranged.
BALDWIN 4 HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st
BALDWIN & HOWELU
Successors to Baldwin & Hammond.
CJIQ P\fifk CHOICE BUSINESS PROP-
CD I O.OUU. erty: Taylor. St., near Eddy; lot
'25x90: 2 good flats, and 7 rooms and bath; a good
buy; rent $B.'.
A BARGAIN.
S7£\?\fi NEW FLATS: JUST FINISHED:
• OOV.'. sunny side of Page at.; contain 6 and
7 rooms, etc., each; rent $67 50.
BELTING FACTORY.
Qnnnn great. bargain; bryant-st.
tlTi/vUv/. corner, near Fifth; lot 76x76; 4-story
building, suitable for factory purposes.
fIkQIAA RENT $20; SHIPLEY ST., NR.
C? — JA'V. 7th: '2 tood flats of 4 rooms each:
lot 20x75.
fIJ.QCAA TWO - STORY, BAY - WINDOW
«JJ*OcM'vJ. residence; 6 large rooms and bath;
lot 26x137:6; Golden uate aye., near Lott st.
mnOKH RENT $37: NEAR 7TH AND FOL-
C*' '*- *J\' . torn sts.; 3 tenements; lot 25x£0.
NO REASONABLE OFFER REFUSED.
Q7CAft MORTGAGE OF $5000 CAN
«*,. tO\J\J. Bti.nd; must be sold: make an offer;
Hayes »t-. bet. Lyon and Lott; 3 handsome bay-
window flats of 6, 7 and 8 rooms and bath each;
lot 25x137:6; rented low for $63.
©17 Kf\(\ RENT $165: LARGE LOT, 82x
«jpl . tJUU. 1»7:6; all improved and all rent-
j ed; on Broadway, near Hyde st
i 4:9/100. A GREAT SNAP; CHESTNUT
— v>"'U. st, nr. Duponl: 2-story house of 8
room' and bath; an offer wanted; mortgage of
I $1400 can stand.
A BIG BARGAIN.
©Ql OH RENT $37: 2 FLATS OF 4 ROOMS
j HrOl\}\J. each, ne«r Ko som and 7th ; good
improvements; lot 25x80.
BALDWIN <fc HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
pIIOICE WESTERN ADDITION
\J LOTS $1300.
YOUR OWN TERMS.
Beyond question the cheapest lots everything
considered, are those offered on Frederick, Cole. :
:-hrader, Hiai:ya:i and Beuiah sts.. have you seen
them? If iiot go at once: take Haight or Kills st <
cars; these lots are selling like tiotcakes; 15
bouses are now in co rse of construction; all lots
■ large and level: street won: done; don't buy a lot
■ anywhere until you have seen these: you will .
j surely agree with us when v.c «ay that they are by j
; ion; odds lje b-st lota lor the money In San Fran- j
cisco; cnoite residence ai d business lo'.s goinac
fji 20 to I's pyr cent of their va.ue: don't ml**
the opportunity and promptly.
BALDWIN A HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st
BE SURE
and go to the Castro-st addition. Take
the Guerrero-*t. electric-cars (Mission or Valencia
transfer at 14th st.), ride to 80th and transfer,
then ride 3 or 4 minutes to the corner of Castro
and Chenery sts. see the test lots for sale at
»350 TO $400.
STREET WORK DONE.
$5 MONTHLY PAYMENTS
l'Nßfi CT TITLE.
Many homes are being erected. Your chance to
buy a home lo; cheap. Agent will be on the
ground >unda-'.
BALDWIN A HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st
A GOOD BARGAIN.
$2000; may be less: two-story building: 2
flats: 6 and 6 rooms: rent $16; close to 'lhird and
Bryant
BALDWIN A HOWELL,
10 Montgomery it.
QHAINWALD, BCCKBKK & CO., nKAt, SU-
O TATE AGENTS,
Slb-220 MONTGOMERY BT., MILK*
BUILDING.
HOUSKS RENTED.
$5500— Reduced from $7500 to make an Imme-
j diate sals: good 2-story residence or 7 rooms and
I bath; lot 30x90 feet: would uitke a g'.od business
I corner; 24tn st and San Jose aye
$2000— Pretty bay-window c ttage on Clement
St., near Secon'i aye.: 5 rooms and bath: high
b«sement; terms about $600 cash, balance In
I monthly payments equ.l to reuU
. $140 up-Ricbmond lots; cheapest In market.
I $300— A M-;. corner in Richmond; 32:6x100
fee. ; a bargain.
- $4000— Two good cottages on Post Dr. Lyon;
4 and 4 rooms and bath; lot 48x75 feet; street
work all done.
I $18 JO— Offer wanted; lot 62:6x120 feet; must
be so.d thin week.
$4750— i-ine Kaker-s*. corner-, opposite entrance
to Golden Gate Park; lot 25x9U feet.
$5500— Fell at., near Ktt-Iner: lot 65x137:6; a
| beautiful residence site; fine view of the city.
IMJOO— Baker st, near entrance to '.olden Gate
i Park: elegant residence of 11 rooms and bat
I (new): lot -20x96 ft.
$12,500— Hayes St., opp. public square: fine new
| residence of 10 rooms ani bath; all modern im-
■ piovements; fine view of bay and city; lot 27:6 x
; 137:6.
$35 JO— New cottage on Pine st; 8 rooms and
: bath: lot 27:t5x.OL> feet; stable; reduced from
$jOOO to mate quick sale.
$7500— Hyde st, near Post: residence 10 rooms
; and barb.
j Guerrero st. ; lot reduced from $1500;
■ 10i25x75.
*4000— Good 2-story house of 7 rooms and bath
! on Clay St., opposite public park; lot "25x127:81/4;
! lot alone worth price asked.
$I:ooo— Terms $200 cash, balance $10 monthly:
modern cottage of 5 rooms and bath, with a good
stable; 10-. 25x125: Dame st.
$950— 5 th ava.: price reduced; bet. Point Lobos
and I'lt-ment: 25x120; cheap.
$1600— Stevenson, near 14th; lot 25x80.
600- Jessie, near Ridley; lot 25x70.
$8000— Business property on Folsom st, near
12th: store and flats; rents $55 net; lot 25x87:6;
offer wanted.
$3750— Modern 2-story house on Hartford st
near 20th; 6 rooms and bath; rented at present
tor $20; tenant pays wa.tr; lot 25x126.
$700— 21 st si., near Hampshire; lot 26x70.
The above Is only a partial list We will be glad
to Jurnish a complete list on application. .
HHAINWALD, BUCKHEE A CO.,
218-2.0 Montgomery st , Mills hut din;.
AM. bPECK A CO- 602 MARKET ST.
. A. M. SPECK &CO., 602 MARKET.
KEAL EtsTATi ■. MONEY LOANED.
11KAL ESTATE. MONEY LOANED.
$1000— Neat 4- room cottage and corner lot.
$2200— house and lot 26x100; near Geary
and .-scotu '
$3500— Nice home on Haigbt near Buchanan.
$8500—10 flats, near Sd and Mission sts.
»7500— 6 nne flat* on Laguna st; rent »75.
$8000—3 elegant new flats; a'l rented: $900.
$10.000— Business property; 45 ft. front on Mis-
sion st. •
$16.000— Market-st. corner; nice Improvements:
offer wanted.
$25,000— Post St.: 75x137:8; N. side; offer
wanted. «■*-*-»
$30,000— Sixth »t; 76x100; business property;
rents $3000.
Other good bargains. SPECK A CO., 602 Mar-
ket st. ■
WANTKD— BUSINESS AND INCOME SAN
VV Francisco property for cash: cheap. bPECK
A CO., 60:4 Market '
o»9nn CASH AND $20 A MONTH WILL
t^iJL\J\J buy a 5-room and bath cottage. Owner
and builder, 340 Jersey st.
FOR BALE-KOUBK AND LOT: 5 ROOMS,
conservatory, cellar, garden. 2439 Larkln at
nHEAP-4-KOOM COTTAGE, WITH IM-
Improvements; 25x80: Harriet st. (OAKLEY,
27 M her! dan st. '
CC. BEMIS,
. HEAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
824 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR SALE.
Choice building lot on Army and 27th sts. ; doss
to electric road.
$450— Carlos Villa lot; 100x160 feat.
$6700— 50x127:6 feet on Jackson st. overlook-
ing r lie Presidio and bay.
$6000—2 modern bouses of 8 rooms each at
park; '26x1 37 :6 ittt; electric roaa passes houses;
make offer.
$8500- Klegant NW. corner of Cole and Carl sts.
Choice building lots north of park.
Bargain— SW. cor. Fifth ay. and C st ; 109x95 ft
ONLY 1 LEFT— NEW- HOUSES, JUST COM-
pleted: sunny aide Cole st. near Waller; 10
rooms; large lot 125 feet deep; street to be bitu-
mlnleed. Apply on premises.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
A^rONT^LDItrDOE \ A CO.V^~~ ~~~wv*
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
HOUSEBROKKKS AND AUCTIONEERS,
628 Market st
IMPROVED PROPERTY.
<MQ 000 GEARY, NEAR OCTAVIA; 4
<PIJ7.UUV». fine flats of 7 rooms and bath:
mortgage of $14,600 can remain; lot 45x1 M.
$~AA NEAR CORTLAND AYE. AND
O 4 \J\J. San Bruno road: cottage: 3 rooms: lot
25x70.
ffljnr AA ELEOANTCOKNKR RESIDENCE:
0 ' 'OKJVJ, Pag-*, near Go den Pate PurS; lot 30
x 106:3. _____
Q>l*-\ m FREDERICK, NEAR ASHBDRY:
«IPUIUU. 2 nandsome flats of 5 and 6 rooms
and bath; only 2 yean old: lot 26x116:6.
QMOOO 26TH. KB. CASTRO; 2 FLATS OF
i£)~l\J\J\J. 8 rooms and cottagaof 4 rooms: lot
60x114.
ffij-AAA BE. COR. SANCHEZ AND 22D;
0 »»UUU. store and 4 rooms and flat of 5 rooms
and bath; only 6 months built.
©K'Afl TURK, NEAK DEVIBADERO;
» a OuVlyJ. house of 8 rooms and bath; 10t27:6x
li>7:6
OCiKA 24TH, NR. FOLSOM; 2 STORIES
•„ O I O\J. and rear rooms, and flat of 5 rooms
and bath.
QQOOO CLARA, NR. 6TH; 4 GOOD
fJpOUUU. tenements; lot 25x80.
QQ9XH 17TH. NR. CAPP: 2 FLATS OF 5
— «JU. rooms each; also stable; rents $25;
lot 25x100.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
$4000— Cor. Church and Army; 88x80.
$3200— Sanchez, nr. 23d; 65x117:6 to rear street
•2500— 24 th, nr. Folsom; 37:6x100; make offer.
$2400— Four lots nr. Sanchez and 23d; 101:l0x
114.
. $2300-Folsom, nr. 14th; 25x122:6.
*1825— Golden Gate aye., nr. Baker; 26x137:6.
$1750-19 th. nr. Church, 50x114.
$1250— California, nr 20th aye.: 50x100.
* 1000 each— san Jose aye. and .9 l>.
4800— Duncan, nr. Douglai; 50:11x114.
4 -ROOM COTTAGE: NEW; SUNNY: $1150:
terms $50 cash, $12 per month. THE MCCAR-
THY COMPANY, 646 Market st.
ROOMS; BATH; NEW; 35 JOOST AYE.;
1 Sunnyslde Tract; fee It to-day; easy • erms: we
have others. TH McCarthy CO.. 646 Market
SACRIFICED FOX CASH— BW. COR. FOLSOM
to and 21st sts.. 65x90, will subdivide; also SW.
20 and Treat aye., '25x110.
Page st, N. side, hi :6 feet from cor. Sbrader,
bet. Shrader and stnnyun; 60x100. Inquire of
owner, Herb Institute, 1205 Market at
SOL GETZ « BROTH
REAL EBTATE OWNERS,
Room A, First Floor, Crocker Building.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
LOW PRICES, GREAT BARGAINS.
TAKB ADVANTAGE OF OUR JUDICIOUS
X purchases, gei a lot cheaper than you ever will
again. •
*1 00 * 160 TO * 300; BUILDING LOTS;
OIUU. no grading; near Mlsslon-st and Ban
Mateo electric car lines; only $6 monthly.
dj>7C $100. $150 TO $800; CHOICEST LOTS
0I O. south of the park: near Afliliated Col-
leges, new music stand and boulevard; only $5
and $10 monthly Installments.
ffl.»»rn TO $1100: RICHMOND LOTS; WE
«3r — O\f can positively sui. you in location, price
and terms.
Call on us first before purchasing: get map and
diagrams.
SOL. GETZ & BROTHER,
Room A, first floor, Crocker building.
HOUSE FOX SALE. TO BE REMOVED;
very reasonable. Call 1503 Larkln st.
\\r ANTED— TO BUY ON INSTALLMENT
»» Dlan. house 7 to 9 rooms, W. of Leavenworth,
K. of Haight; must be b&rcaln. O. P., box 7, Call
f.'|||| WILL BUY PROPERTY WHICH
i?-O\J\J nets *15 per month. EASTON, ELD-
.rUDUE A CO., 6.18 Market si.
MONK* TO LOAN.
.4 LOANS ON FURNITURE OR PIANOS,
I\-. in S. ¥ Oakland or Alameda, at lowest rates;
without removal: no commissions: no delays.
J. NOON AN, 1017 to 1023 .Mission st, above Sixth,
telephone Jessie 41.
IQHLY RESPECTABLE AND PRIVATE
place to obtain the most liberal advances on
diamond* and jewelry at the very lowest rates.
Baldwin Jewelry More, 948 Market
NY AMOUNT: IST. 2ITOR 3D MORTGAGES,
estates, undivided Interests, real estate In pro-
bate: furniture and pianos without removal.
UcCOLGAN. vj4 Montgomery st. room 3.
<3;'_>9X I)C\(\ AT BANK KATES: IST AND
(JJO-iJ.UUW 2<X morufties, estate.i, rents, etc.;
lend as low as $50. H. MUKPfIY, 62tJ Market st
A— PKIVATK AND RESPECTABLE, WITH
very light Interest, Is the secrot of our success,
cut-rate Loan Office, Flood building, «09 Market
WHY PAY HIGH INT. ON SMALL LOANST
' » We loan at 55c Interest per mo. on each $100
on 2d mortgage; any security. Gold, box 4, Call.
ON PIANOS AND FURNITURE. WITHOUT
removal: very low Interest. 116McAUUter st.
N FURNITURE; VERY LOW INTEREST;
no commission. SCRIBNEK, 7 City Hall aye.
PKIVATK PARTY LOAKS ON ANY GOOD
X security. Interest low. Add. J. W., box 46, Call.
,".00,000 ON CITY AND COUNTRY PROP-
C «Jerty ; low rates. A. BCH ILLKR, 420 Caia. Bt
1 OANo ON REAL ESTATE; LOWEST KATE
IJ of Interest. JAS.RBrOOKS, 214 Pine, r 58-69.
MONKY TO LOAN ON KEAL KSTATE: ANY
amount WILLIAMS, 214 Pine st, room 8.
fi>-/\ 1O $50. 000; Lou K.-il KAIK: l.si 4 JD
C'^U mortgage; Mat orlnstlmnt Dryden, 635 Cai.
A DVaNCKS (JN DIAMONDSJKWKi.KT.KTU
xVcoinnibln Loan <fc < ollateral Otllce. 9 <-rant aye.
MUSICAL, IN STRUM
A BSOLUTELY THE OLDEST AND LARGEST
IV house west 'Of Chicago is KOHLER &
CHASE'S. 26, 28 and 30o'Karrell St.; pianos, or-
gans and all other musical instruments, of all
grades and prices; terms easy: prices lowest:
every thine possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. . '
A CTUALLY THE BKST BARGAINS IN PI-
-iIL anos; monthly pay ments from $6 up; deliv-
ered free with stojl and cover: correspondence
solicited. THK F. W. SPENCER COMPANY,
salesroom* 933 Market su, opp. Mason; estab
llsbed over 20 years.
I. ONA FIDK REDUCTION IN PRICES—
' ' Halnes. Knabe, Bush A Gerts and others: sec-
ond-hand pianos from $100 up. W. C. HAMIL-
TON, successor to A. L. Bancroft A Co., 824 Post
AT LESS THAN COST: ENTIRE EMPORIUM
A miulcdept; Shaw. Chlckerlnn $235- Sohmer,
$245; $3 up no interest HEINE, 136 Kills st.
ALMOST NEW GRAND UPRIGHT PIANO
iv cheap; party going back East. 1200 Webster.
C»1 OA HAZELTON UPRIGHT, STOOL,
C 1 I ••-U. cover; $6 install 221 Leaven worth.
BEST BARGAINS IN THK CITY FOR THE
JL> next 6 days at MAUVAIS', 769 Market st.
YOU ARE WELCOME Til CREDIT AT
X BRUENN'S piano house, 228 Post st.
OUR RENT CONTRACT PLAN ENABLES
every family to have a fine new piano. SHKK-
MAN, CLAY A CO., Kearny and Suiter sts.
A DMINISTBATOR'S SALE — MUST SELL,
J\- pianos at immense reduction tor cash or on
ins: ailments. KATUN ESTATE. 735 Market
HY PAY RENT FOR A PIANO WHEN
the same monthly payments will purchase
one at SHERMAN. CLAY A CUB.
rPHK BEST PIANOS OF EVERY GRADE,
X from Melnway down, can be found at bUEK-
man, clay a CO.'a
I TIN U PKIGHT PIANO, 2 YEARS OLD, FOR
X sale, cheap. 218b Turk st
____
BAKGAIN. FINE LARGE DPRIGHT.CUE AP
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hibernia Bank.
T SHKRMaN, CLAY A CO.'S ONLY WILL
you find a stock of new Stetnway pianos.
HORN UNO'S PIANO; MOST PKRFECT;
brilliant and powerful tone. 216 Post st
G. BADGER. SOLE AGENT HALLKT
•ft Davis and Francis Bacon pianos. 415 Sacto.
Dl ANOs SOLD AT SHERMAN, CLAY ft CO.
X on very easy payments.
BYKON MAUZY, 308 POST BT.-SOHMKK,
Newbr A Evans, Btiggs and other pianos,'
UPKRIOR VIOLINS, ZITHKKS, OLD& NEW
O H. MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $150, poet-
ax free. ; ' ■-- -• ■ -- •..,■
ATTOBNExS-AT-LAW.
ADVICE FKEE: DIVORCE LAWS A SPEC-
lalty ; private; no fee without success: probate,
Insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale, deeds,
damages, etc; private detectives: estab. 10 years.
G. W. HOWE, 860 Market st, corner Stockton st
A DVICK FItKR; NO CHARGE UNLESS SUC-
ii-ctssful. W. W. DaVlUoon, 927 Market su
W. KING, ATTORNEY-AT-LAW, CHRON-
. Icle building: advice tree: low tees;- all cases,
A DVICE FREE; NO CHARGE UNLESS SUO-
ii. ceasfui. J. U. JEil'KtbS, 632 Market, rm,*3.
COUNTRY REAL. ESTATE.
GH. UMBSEK & CO.
• DAVID BUSH, Manager Country Depfc
14 MONTGOMERY BT.
C?Cn AN ACRIC— THE BEST BARGAIN IN
fw the State; 160 a«res in the iruit bet of
Placer County ; near railroad; about 120 acres al-
■ ready set out to orchard, of which 6J acres are
! full bearing, and completely equipped with tine
i dwellings, packinghouse, evaporator, outbuild-
| ings, tools and machinery; stoclc, irrigating
ditcues. etc.; place will pay for Itself In 3 years;
will sell half interest to party understanding the
fruit business.
cjc^nrv FOR the CELEBRATED place
i »IPC'»UU known as Johannlsberg, in Napa
County, of 320 acres improved in resistant vine-
; yard, orcharJ, redwoods and canyons, mineral
l springs, lakes, bathing, hunting and fishing; finely
I Improved with main building, cottages, stables,
and completely furnished and equipped for busi-
! ness: this is a rare chance for a physician who
wishes to start a sanitarium; call for detailed de-
scription and photos: this is an Income place vow.
CMI PKH ACRE FOR 400 ACRES GOOD RA i N
V s '* land near Locktord, Ban Joaquin County;
160 acres now in gram; house, barn and outbuild-
ings: a bargain.
"ji>Oß RENT— IOOO ACRES OF FINE PASTURE
-T land near Nlles. Alameda County; cash rent
$250; suitable for milkmen; railroad station on
place.
WOLFSKI I.L TRACT.
ON PUTAH CRKKK, BOLANO COUNTY,
near the town of Winters; the earliest fruit and
| vegetable land in the stare; we are selling £0 to
i 60 acre tracts of this celebrated ranch for »30 per
] acre, one-quarter cash, balance In 8 annual pay-
I ments, at 6 per cent interest; send for descriptive
1 circular.
\iiLL valley— a lovely cottage
1 111 borne in choir c location at a bargain.
! 1 A TO 40 ACRES CHOICE FRUIT LAND XX.
I ±\J Mountain View, Santa Clara County, at
SI 10 per acre.
T ANDS OF TH is
ESTATE OF LELAND STANFORD, Deceased,
FOR SALE
BY ORDER OF
MRS. JANE L. STANFORD, Executrix,
SANTA CLARA COUNTY — "COON" AND
'■Fell ' tracts, adjoining Stanford University; a
beautiful site for homes: 1252.84 acres.
SAN LUIS OBISP > COUNTY— "McCOPPIN"
tract: fertile vegetab a land; 2 miles south of
ban Luis ObiSDO; 320 acres.
KEDLANDS, BAN BERNARDINO COUNTY—
Within the limits of the beautiful city of
orange groves: 282 y % acres.
pONTRA COSTA COUNTY— THE "GOVERN-
\J mem" or •■Gwln" ranch, fronting on Sulsun
Bay, 6 miles east of Martinez; 2957 acres.
rpEUAMA COUNTY— "COPELAND" RANCH;
i fronting on the Sacramento River, adjoining
the "Vina" ranch, 20 miles south of Red Bluff: a
complete horse farm; 2238 acres.
ALSO "SHAFKR" RANCH; iy a MILES EAST
tberefrom; 240 acres.
For further particulars address
Mcafi-E BROTHERS, Real Estate Brokers and
Financial Agents,
108 Montgomery st, San Francisco.
\1 CM AH AN ESTATK
COLONY TRACT
Is being sold In small holdings to actual settlers
at reasonable prices and on most favorable terms;
no land In ihe world is rirher than that in the val-
ley of the t'utah cr^rk; none can surpass In fer-
ti I y of soil and beauty of location the McMahan
rancho, adjacent to the town of Winters.
Formerly a pare o the old Wolfs kill grant,
known far and wide as the very bejt tract of land
la California. Putah creek flows through the Mc-
Mahan tract and every toot of the 401.0 acres now
being subdivided will produce anything, from
cnbbages and onions to oranges, lemons and ponie-
ernn.it eg. The location Is bin. 75 miles from
Francisco and is in the midst of as beautiful a
country ns one could wish to see. It Is an Ideal
r.-glon for the Intelligent, inoustrloua, well-to-do
home-seeker.
S«nd for maps and full information.
BOVF.E. 'lOTA SONNTAO.
30 Montgomery St., a F.
"II" E ARK BBIXIKG THAT SPLENDID NUT
" orchard of the Hatch-Armstrong Nut and
> niit Company: 20-vcre lots: all full-bearing
trees; don't fall to Inquire about this.
BOVEE, TOY A SONNTAG,
30 Montgomery it
AlO-ACItK PRUNE ORCHARD; ON LEVEL;
rich bottom land; fronting on Alameda Creek,
In Alameda County.
BOVEE, TOY * SONNTAG,
30 Montgomery st.
TnK 1600-ACRE GOAD TRACT, IN ALA-
meda County, is going In subdivisions of 25
acres up us low as $J5 per acre; send for map
and description.
BOVEE, TOY <fc SONNTAG,
30 Montgomery st.
BLUK LAKES SUMMER FESORT, WITH
260 acres and all buiidlng improvements is
offered for sale or exchange; this property is clear
of all debt: submit au offer.
BOVEE, TOY & SONNTAG,
80 Montgomery st.
A SUBDIVISION OF LITTLE ORCHARD
homes, only 30 mile* from this city; 10 acres
up In full bearing orchard; fronting stream,
county road and railroad; semi for maps.
BOVEE, TOY A SO.NNTAG.
30 Montgomery st.
A LMO9T GIVEN AWAY.
616 acres, $25 per acre; near San Leandro, Ala-
meda COnnty: divided by stream running all the
year; nous- 10 rooms; bar: and numerous out-
houses: 100 acres now In wheat; all fenced- a
ponlon can be irrigated; stock and tools go with
the place; an easy drive from Oakland.
BO VISE, TOY & SONNTAG,
SO Montgomery st.
Tkj URPHY-COLOMBKT SUBDIVISION.
CHEAPEST LAND EVER OFFERED IN
SANTA CLARA COUNTY.
$100 «160 f175 PER ACRE.
400 acres choice orchard 3 to S years old; no
such bargain ever offered before; this property is
locat.d 15 miles south of San Jose, adjoining the
railroad station and nil be sold in subdivisions of
5 acres and upward. For full particulars address
SIIAINWALJ), BITKBEE A CO..
218-220 Montgomery st., Mills building.
BARGAINS IN SMALL HOMES, ALL
on easy terms.
92260— 1S acres we'l improved Napa City city
lots; part payment.
9 2500— 33 acre* near Watsonvllle, 10 acres or-
chard: other good Improvements.
$2500—80 acres choice sandy loam vicinity
Caurovllle; a tine place.
Also list exchanges.
I. C SCHARFF, 20 Montgomery st.
A GOOD FARM IN MONTEREY COUNTY
of 160 acres; house, barn, etc.; 100 acres good
farming land: sell at a sacrifice.
Fruit farm of 10 acres, 40 miles from San Fran-
cisco; house, barn and outbuildings; very easy
ttrms.
For rent— lBs acres, with improvements; 100
acres gcod farming land, balance pasture; low
rent. EDWIN K. ALSIP <» CO., Mills building,
Baa Francisco.
"djTToH 160 ACRES, MENDOCINO COUNTY;
rJpT"»-«J. house, barn, chicken- houses, orchard,
etc. on county road: plenty of wood and water.
$ 2000— 40 acres level land, near Antloch: 10
acres In almonds, 4 years old; will excnangetor
building lot in San Francisco.
$4000— 20-acre fruit ranch, near Auburn, in full
bearing: fine Improvements; cost $7000. C. F.
MOOKK, 986 Market St., room 4.
C>r AN ACRE: 1280 ACRES TIMBER; GOOD
<jT«-> for stock or fruit; plenty water, s., box 40.
HO FOR MALE— 6O ROOMS, COMPLETE-
Iy furnished; livery stable and furnished resi-
dence attached; location first class; county seat;
low price to close an estate; easy terms; now do-
Ing a good business. GKO. A. RAYMOND, 314
California" st. .
IDOW SHORT OF MONEY WILL BELL
$6000 ranch for $3500; 42 acres; In Santa
Rosa. 121 3 Powell st.; apply at frulutore.
1 (\ ACRES GARDEN LAND, ADJACENT TO
XU San Francisco, at a bargain. Owner, box 148,
Call OlUce.
SAN BARGAIN; NEW 8-ROOM
house; all modern appliances; on one of prin- •
cipal streets: 10t4e% by 120; mnst be sold: price
$3000; make offer. W"m. J. MILLER, San Hnfael.
OR SALE— I2OO ACRES GRAIN AND FRUIT
land; fenced and Improved. Inquire N. A.
BRiTTON*, Williams, Cal.
ARGAIN: CHOICE LANDS; 825 TO $35
per acre: Pieasanton, Alameda County. H. J.
DJGGLES, 69 Columbian building, Market st.,
San Francisco.
VOR SALE— AT A SACRIFICE, 20-ACRK
-T f rultrancb within 40 miles or San Francisco: 6-
room house, etc: would take improved city prop-
erty; price $2700. Address 410 Kearny, room 10.
LOb GATO3 — 10V4 ACRES; HALF-HOUR
JU walk from station: house, barn, wood, water;
trade*for city, Oakland, Alameda, Lorln; price
$2700. 2004 X verctt st., Alameda.
END FOR ILLUSTRATED PAMPHLET OF
SEND FOR ILLUSTRATED PAMPHLET OF
California landi for sale dv H. FRANCIS,
rooms 69-71, Chronicle building, San Francisco, Cal.
ITTLE HOMES CLOSE TO TOWN; IM-
J proved; easy terms: also 4 to 12 acre pieces
on S and In years' credit. D. H. T WING. So-
noma City: every Monday at 632 Market st., S. F.
« vVEKK'S NEWS FOR 6 CENTS— THB
-i. WEEKLY CALL, la wrapper, tor mailing.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS !
OFFICE—OPS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
©1 900 ONLY 3 BLOCKS FROM FRUIT-
«JP-L^V/w. vale station: new modern house of 6
rooms and bain; large lot; $300 cash, balance to i
suit.
$1875— Modern cottage of 5 rooms and bath; j
fine mantel: high basement; 10 60x141,' fenced; ;
only one bloc* from Fraitvale aye. ; terms if de-
sired.
$950— Newcotta;e of 4 large rooms: hard fin-
ished; 2 closets and pantry; 7-foot basement;
large 'chicken -house; fine well and pump; 10:
81x108, fenced H. A I'^KITN r.R,
' Frultvale station. "
KENT: AN ELEGANT STORE WITH
! living-rooms In rear, at Frultvale station; good
for any kind of business: rent reduced. For par-
ticulars apply H. A PLEITNER, Frultvalo sta-
tion.
I)Y ORDER OF THE BANK; MODERN" 2- '
» story oom house: lot 44x100: good location : ]
2 blocks from local station: if taken at once can
be had for *2. 00: easy terms if desired. WIL- I
LIAM J. DINGEE, 460 Eighth St., Oakland.
JT'RUITVALE HOME; SPECIAL BARGAIN- I
X Cottaee of 9 rooms and bath; fine barn, carriage
and toclhouse, artesian well, windmill and tank, '
and abundance of fruit and flowers; lot, 81x207; |
located on Frultvale aye. For further particulars
apply toll. a. PLEIT.NER, Fruitvale station.
IfOR RALE, SI 2OO— WELL-BUILT COTTAGE '
on extra high bisement, at Forty-second st. and I
Telegraph aye. ; 4 large rooms, pantry, a closets, 2*
rooms Unlshel in tenement: barn, chicken-house i
and yarJ; lot. 63x125; on any terms to suit. J. H. ;
EDSON, 1209 Broadway. Oakland.
TO EXCHANGE - OAKLAND PROPERTY
for raaches. J. H. EDSON, 1209 Broadway,
Oakland.
T?OR A FEW DAYS ONLY.
A 1 $560-Cot:age of 4 rooms, lot 60x137: '
stable, well of good water, 1% block from electric j
road: terms.
$1700— Cottage of 5 room* and bath; high base- i
ment partly floored; lot 50x100; good stable
chicken-house, good well with pump, fine water:
bg bargain: 6 minutes' wait from local station;
terms. IOWERY, OWEN & CO., limited, Fruit-
vale, near station.
__
C;lQ;n LODGING-HOUSE, 40 ROOMS;
«!T-J-O'>>V. paying well: investigation solicited;
will show books, give trial and explain reason lor
selling In full. Apply at once, ALDE.V, GAR-
FIELD INVESTMENT COMPANY, 902 Broad-
way, Oakland. '
T AM AUTHORIZED BY TH X BANK TO
■*■ sell a modern 8-room house; flrst-clßss condi- !
tion; 1 blocks to local station and electric-cars:
lot 44x100; cost original owner $4500; can be had
for the mortgage, $2600; part cash. J. S. MYERS,
1002 Broadway, Oakland. \
<Bt9^nn Y , ouit OWN THKMB; ONE
ijp^iU\J\r. block to local train: modern cottage;
a bargain: also see our $16A0 house. WM. p.
TODD, lt'o2 Broadway, Oakland.
WANTED— PLACE IN ELMHURST IN EX-
change for very laree lot and modern broom
cottage In Lorln: price $2250: no mortgage. Ap-
ply Immediately to A. J. KNYDER <St CO., 467
Ninth St.. Oakland.
§H~ TO $150 FOR CHOICE BUILDING
up • v lots In the town of fltchbarg; a new sta-
tion established near Oakland, on the Hay wards
and San Leau.iro local line, by the Southern Pacific
Company; only 45 minutes from San Francisco
and 6 minutes from Oakland: electric-cars every
ew minutes; terms to suit buyers. Apply to
C. M. RUNKLIi, owner, VI6IA Washington St..
Oakland <al.
&LAMED& ADVERTISEMENTS
ALASTEDA I.KAL fSTATR.
IJEAUTIFUL ALAMEDA— HOME-SEEKERS.
J > examine Damon's model cottages; 4,5 and 6
rooms; 51750. 2050, $2250. 441 Central aye.,
near Second-aye. station. Office, 602 Market.
<2»*) J (lA NO CASH: $25 MONTHLY; S-
*IP — "IUII. room cotta.e: large lot near station.
$2500— Colonial cottage; five rooms ; near narrow-
gauge station; easy terms.
$2750— Beautiful cottage: colonial style; 6
rooms; near Grand-street station. "Your terms are
ours."
MARCrsE & R EMM EL, Bay-street station,
broad gauge, Alameda; 628 Market st., San Fran- '
cisco. Open Sundays and holidays.
I/EAUTIKUL SUBURBAN HOME, SAN JOSK
J> aye., near Grand St.; house, 10 rooms and
bath: 2 years od: price $7000: or will exchange
for Sun Francisco. EASTON, ELDRJDGt; COM-
I'A.NY, 638 -Market st.
"I^OUR NEAT 6-ROOM COTTAOES: GOOD
X 1 location; always rented; unlimited water sup-
ply on premises; 10 per cent returns guaranteed.
Flue now 7-room cottage; excellent location;
near station; also much other desirable property;
will st 11 a: a very low figure. . Apply or write A.
K. DEXKE, 1501-1 seventh St., Alameda, Cal.
(•-ROOM M DERN 2-ST.jKY HOUSE AND
«-' bath. 1 minute from Chestnut-st. station, Ala-
meda, for sale; % cash, balance easy terms; or
leas?: lot £oxlsu; tine garden, greenhouse, lawu
and chirk en-yard: reason for selling, sickness.
Address B. si., box 65, Call Office... "„■„•.■-
-ON ACCOUNT OF LEAVING WILL SELL
large 6-room modern cottage on double lot at
great sacrifice; location most desirable and con-
venient- Apply to owner, N. BARTON, 1437 Me-
Fherson st., Alameda.
<sjr> 4 A FRONT FOOT; 100x150; STREET
O«- work all dona: on a main avenue; 2 blocks
from Willow-street s:atton. W. B. FITCH Bay
Station. Alameda, or GaMAN LY0N.215 Kearny
at, San Francisco.
1, AKUAI i: FOOT ; LO ON NORTH
i> side San Antonio aye., near Grand st
81 250—50x150; san Jos» aye., nr. Willow st.
$1750—50x150. new modern house, 5 rooms
and bath; north side oi street; must be sold at
once.
Many other sacrifices.
ALAMEDA LAND CO..
' 1500 Park st. Alamerta.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARDING.
TIM now HAVING GOOD HOME NEAR
»» schools and trains, would like to board widower
with one or two children; mother's care; moderate
terms. Address J. R-, box 7, Call Office, Oakland.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND HOUSES.
ALAMEDA FURNISHED HOUSE TO LET—
A Nice modern-built 6-room cottage to let or
lease; furnished or partly furnished; vice garden;
most desirable location. 1437 McPherson st, bet.
Mastick (broad gauge) and Enciual Park (narrow
gauge) railroad stations.
QjQjT FIRST-CLASS MODERN HOUSK; IX
<DO«J. best repair; 8 rooms; bath: conserva-
tory: lawn: chicken yard; splendidly locate i.
20b7 San Jose aye., Alameda, or inquire U. A.
SMITH, 27 Market st.
8 -ROOM MODERN HOUSE, WELL LOCATED,
O $85. See H. A. SMITH, 27 Market st, or at
residence. 2067 San Jose aye., Alameda.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
MUST BE SOLD; NO REASONABLE OFFER
i'l refused; house of 6 rooms: bath: stable: chic k-
en-house: street work done: near the cars. JOS.
J. MASON. Berkeley station.
BERKELEY HOUSES.
TTURNISHED 8-ROOM HOUSE COMPLETE,
X 1 bath, gas, laundry; near 3 car lines. MRS. S.
J. I-NOALLH, 2122 Bancroft way. Berkeley.
- PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
EQUITY IN NEW COLONIAL TEN-ROOM
Xj house; large lot; Oakland: ranch preferred;
whathaveyou; mall only. C. MONROE.24 Market.
EXCHANGK— SEATTLE LOT TO
XJ trade for building lumber. 8., box 146, Call.
INK NEBRASKA FARM. 160 ACRES. $5000
X 1 lor business or property. DECKER, 1020 Mkt,
IMPROVED STOCK RANCH TO EXCHANGE
X for good chicken ranch; will pay some cash.
Exchange, box 131, Call. . >r..; v
ILL IRADK A VALUABLE RANCH OF
about 1800 acres In Southern Oregon for
property ln.Tacoma, Portland or Seattle: ranch
produces an Income; Is under fence; 200 acres
under cultivation: tt:le perfect and free from in-
cumbrance. CALVIN PHILIPS, Tacoma, Wash-
ington.
QEND FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMEi
►? for sale. WOOSTER 4 WHITTON. San Joss.
PROPERTY WANTED.
W ANTKD— FROM 5 TO 10 ACRES OF LAND,
IT with small house. J. J. DECK Station X,
San Francisco, Cal.
TO EXCHANGE.
1 FINELY LOCATED CIGAR AND NEWS
: stand; Market St.; 18 mouths' lease. ROBIN-
SON, 2-Vi Geary st.
BICYCLES.
flj/lK "BEN-HUR," BRAND NEW; REGU-
XO. lar price $H5: guaranteed high grade.
GOLDEN RULE BAZAAR, 718 Market st.
STERLING IN Al CONDITION; NEW; M. £
W. tire; bargain; weight, 20 Its. 2112 Sutler.
OQ-INCH PHCENIX BICYCLE; NEARLY
&O new; $32 50. 921% Capp st.
ffljOQ HIGH-GRADE PHCENIX WHEEL;
«IPZiO. nearly new; cost $100. l2oy Turk at.,
lower flat. ' ■ • ...
'^ «^ — |
- STORAGE.
■DEDUCED RATES, FURNITUkE, PIANOS, '■■
XV household goods, etc. i. M. I'IERCE, 735 Mku
LOST.
RINCON PARLOR, N. S. G. W., EMBLEM.
Reward at 725-7*7 Green st.
T OST— PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBERNIA
J-i savings and Loan Society of San Francisco in
the name of CHARLES LAKIN or MaKY
LAKIN. The finder will please re. urn to bank.
OST-A PASS-BOOK WITH THK HIBERf
nia Savings and Loan society of San Fran-
cisco. In the name of LYSSY KLOTZ, or MAT-
THA'US KLOTZ; No. 152,712. The finder will
please return to bank.
BLANCH OFFICE OFTHE CALL. 167 NINTH
XJ St.; want ads and subscriptions taken.
FOUND.
I^OUNP— PARTY WHO LOST BICYCLE 5
£ months ago can have same by proving property
and paying expenses. Address X.. box 136, Call.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ALL HAIL HER MARVELOUS PREDlC-
tions; only medium guaranteeing dead win-
ning tips on the Corbett-Fitzsimmons prize-fight;
named 3 winning numbers in the last lof.ery
drawing; can give you a sure thins at the race-
track; ladies, consult her on domestic and love
affa:rs; removes evil influences aud possesses only
"Napoleon" tali man. MISS VAN Dp VERE,
Parisian prophetess, parlor 1, 1 Fifth st.
TirONDEHS. WORTHY OF A WJZARDESS
'* daily performed by Mme. Le Normal; cod-
suit her on love ft irs. domestic troubles and
business ventures; lawsuits setiled: mines lo
rated: most complete life charts in the universe,
only $2 50; learn thy destiny; private rei dings
2 sc: write your troubles. Office, 1 Polk St., near
Market.
MME. DR THOMAS, SCIENTIFIC REVKAL-
er by eggs and cards: tells entire life, past,
present, future; consultations on all affairs: noth-
ing excepted; names given; good advice: sure
help; restores lost love by sympathy; mistake Im-
possible: fee $1 ; letter $2. 929 Post st., nr Larkln.
ETHEL GRAY. CLAIRVOYANT. CARD
Jii reader and palmist. 1169 Mission st. between
Seventh and Eighth.
MME. LEGGETTE, LIFE-RE KUSI
ness alvlce; one price, 25c. 311 Tehama st.
near Fourth.
Vf ME. WALTERS OF TEH AM A ST.; CARDS
l'J- ladles 25c, gents 60c. 951 Mission, nr. sixth
pONSULT THE LUCKIESi AND BEST MK-
KJ dium: 25c; one price. 41 Minna, nr. Second.
NOW THY FUTUItK; CARDS READ
truthfully; 25c. 419 Geary, room 22.
MME. HANSEN, PALMIST. CARD-RKADKR;
past, present ami future; 25c. 143 sixth, r.5.
\f ME. MOREAU, BEST CLAIRVOYANT AND
ITX medium in city: fee 25c up. 764 Howard su
MISS MELVILLE,;»WELL-KNOWN CLAlR-
voyant, 61 Fifth st.; water readings a specialty.
MISS INA COHEN. PARISIAN CARD-
reader and magnetist. R. 10 and 11, 122 Post,
MME. RAVF..VA READS LIFE FLUENTLY;
business advice: names given; 25c up.s Fuurlb.
pONSULT THE PROPH> TESS; PAST, PRES-
V ent and future; 25c. 243 a Shipley st., off rifth.
GIPSY LIFE- READER, 3 SKVENH ST.;
ladies 25c, gents 50c; all questions aniwereu.
ME. SYUILLK TELLS FRUiW CKaDLK TO
grave; pictures given Radius -sc: i»l4 o'Farr«ll.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. C. J. MEYER, CIR. TO-NIGHT. TUBS.,
Wed. and Fri.. 2 p. m.; 10c; trance dr., Mon. <fc
FrL eve., 25c: sittings daily. 326 McAllister st.
ME. OS.MA.N, SPIRITUAL TRANCK MEDI-
um; lire readings, love affairs, business invest-
ments,mlnlnKBpeculationsaBpeclally. 838 Mission
JC. UANSEN'S CIRCLE, 11 A. M.: MEETING
. 7:30 p. it.; skeptics invited 107 Fifth st.
MRS. H. A. GRIFFIN-CiR. BUN. EVK.; 26c;
test mtg. Thur. eve.; stgs daily. 426^ Grove
AM. FRANCIS, INDEPENDENT SLATE
. writer. 118 Halcht st; hours 9 until Bp. it.
RB. H.LLIS, MEDIUM; SITTINGS.9 TOB, $1;
circles Tuea., Fri.. 2p. if., 26c, 233 Valencia,
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, CLAIRVOYANT,
trance test medium A life reader. 218 Stockton
HYPNOTISM.
TTYPXUTISM ECIKNTIFICALLY TAUGHT;
JJL success prtd.]lTpnotlcMesmeriolns,6O J Farreil
ASTROLOGY.
VOCR LIFE— THOUSANDS TESTIFY I UK-
X veal past ana future; send 25c for character
sketch and. diseases; birthplace, year, sex, month,
hour a. m. or p. m., if possible. PROF. BAIRD,
astrologer, depu 2, San Jose, Ca!.
MEDICAL.
ALL CASES OF MONTHLY SUPPRESSION
(from whatever cause) restored in a few
hours: safe and sure at any time; Instant relief for
travelers; home la confinement; best care and
privacy: regular physician; 30 years' successful
practice; my celebrated remedies for monthly
suppression never fall: every case guaranteed -.con-
cation fr<e, confidential; hours 10 to 5; pills SI.
MRS. DR. WYKTH, 916 Post St., near Larkin.
DR. J. H. JOSSELYN, THE GREAT SPECIAL-
Ist, still offers his valuable services Co the un-
fortunate. With a mind maured and enriched by
studies of an advanced order, there is hardly a
disease in the catalogue of human ills he cannot
treat to a perfect cure. Ladles, he Is always ready
to assist you. His knowledge has been strength-
ened by extensive experience. No case peculiar
to your delicate organism is beyond his sure con-
trol. His female monthly remedies are sure and
safe in their eff>ci<>. His tried and valuable reme-
dies for lost manhood are never-failing in their
action, and are warranted for both youn< and old.
He excels all others in the cure of private diseases.
Over 50 years of practice enab.es him to warrant
a cure In all cases. Consultation parlors. 908
Market st. Call or write direct to 906 Market st.,
rooms 11 and 12.
R. FOU LET'S FRENCH CAPSULES - V
guaranteed absolute cure for all female dis-
ease* (no matter what cause): positively safe and
sure; no clanger or after effects: taken in lime is
also acts as a preventive: price $1 50 per box;
pent free by mail on receipt of price. WALLEii
BROS., S3 Grant are.
A KUBJC CUBE IOR ALL FEMALE DIS-
-rv eases from whatever causv; a home In con-
finement with every comfort; satisfaction guar-
anteed by MR& GVVYER, 226 Turk su
A PROCESS THAT IS PERFECTLY HARM-
Its*; never fails In any case of monthly sick-
ness, no motter what cause; no dec ricity hnm-
bug or other dangerous methods; money In every
case refunded If a cure is not effected: travelers
helped Immediately; years' experience; home la
confinement with sanitarian convenience. Con-
sult free the only reliable physicians, DR. AND
MKS. DAVIKS, 14 McAlllsier st., next Hibernla
Bank: hours, 9 a. m. to 5 and 7 to 8 p. v.
ANEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE OR IN-
strument used; every woman her own physi-
cian for all female troubles, no matter from what
cause; restores always in one day: can be sent
and used at home; all cases guaranteed; genuine
new process can only be had al my office. Adver-
tised 20 years DR. PoPPfcK, 318 Kearny st.
T ADIES, CHICHESTER'S ENGLISH PENN Y-
JU royal Pills ( Diamond Brand) are best; safe, re-
liable ; take no other Sen d 4c, stamps, for particu-
lars, "Relief lor Ladles." in letter by return mall;
at druggis:'* Chichester Cisem. Ca. Philadelphia
PROCESS THAT NEVER FAILB TURK-
store every case of monthly sickness from
whatever cause in a few hours when m?dlcines
end others have failed; no instruments used:
many years' experience: every case guaranteed;
advice free; terms reasonable; first-class prlvnto
home for confinement. MKH. DR. DALEY, 1128
Market st, over the Owl Drugstore.
MRS. GOODWIN, SPECIALIST, LADIES
near or far; safe, quick cure guaranteed, any
disease or complaint; home for patients; best
skill: free diagnosis; low fees; self-cu:a. 401
Van Ness are,
DR. AND MRS. WKGENER. 626 EDDY BT. :
private home; every comfort; separate rooms
before and during confinement ; female complaints
skillfully treated; regular physician; quick relief
for travelers: best cure; ter.'us moderate: babies
adopted la good families; consultation free; pills $2.
rpo LET— BRIGHT SUN NY OFFICES IN THE
i Union-square Market building, Powell St., bet.
G»ary and O'Farrell. For particulars apoly to
BOVEE. TOY & SONNTAG, 30 Moutgomery st.
A LPEAU'B FRKNCH PILLS— A BOON TO LA-
-£\. dies with female troubles; nodanger; safe and
sure; $2 oOexpressC O. D. ; don't delay u mil too
late. OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland;Cal.
A T THE PEOPLE'S ON E DOLLAR MEDICAL
■A. Institute all cases treated ana medicines fur-
n siied for *1 ; call or write. 1029% Market su,
bet. bixth and Seventh, >i\u Franclscu, Cal.
DR. A.YD MKS. RAY, FEMALE SPECIAL-
ISM; ladles in trouble should consult without
fail and avoid all suffering *nd pain; Female dpe-
cilie Pill absolute preventive. 61 Fifth su
LL FEMALE COMPLAINTS AND DlS-
eases of the eyp permanently cured at MRS.
DR. SCOTT'S, 410 Geary st. : consultation free.
DU PRAKS FKMALK REGULATING PILLS;
safe and efliciont emmenaKogue: $1 per box.
RICHARDS & CO.. druggists, 40t) Clay st.,soieagts,
ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
his museum, 1051 Marset St.: his 30 years'
enccesaful practice is a guarantee of fair tre«unieui;
the worse cases treated satisfactorily by mail.
R& G. WOOD, MIDWIFE; DISEASES OF
the womb a specialty. 243 Shipley, iir. Fifth
L'-N'-VRPAPSED REMEDIES FOR FEMALE
; troubles, diseases. MKts.Dii. PUETZ.2S4Va4tu.
HOME. A FRIEND AND MOTHER'S CARE.
MKS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 fr.lghth St., Alameda,
1 \R. HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET, NtAi*
XJ Joaea. Diseases oi women ana children.
1314
HOUSES TO LET.
QO7 MINNA— HOUSE 8 ROOMS AND
.OZi I bath: $30. DMBBKN, 14 Montgomery su
O-STORY H)UBK OF 9 ROOMS AND BATH:
In Whrm belt of the Mission. PATTERSON &
CO., 2 Valencia st.
-1 ton jones-bay-window house 7
JO'J- rooms: Impis.; large basement: yard;
line marine view: \' 2 block fr-m Jackson-sl. cars.
A LARGE l;O()MS AND YARD. RENT 49;
rr also *2 sunny rooms. Apply 16 Cti^sley St., bet.
Seventh and Eighth.
. RARELY BEAUTIFUL: NW. COR. SUTTER
XL and Scntt Hts. 6 big rooms, $27 50: waterfree;
appreciated If seen. Apply corner grocery.
gin (APP. NX. TWENTY-FOURTH-MOD-
OtU em hou-e of 7 room* and bath; in the
, * -warm belt of the MI«son; rent $22 50.
miQ HOUSE OF 6 ROOMS, $12; ONE OF
<JpxO. 4 rooms. Lawrence pi., off Fremont su.
bet. Harrison and Bryant: grand view of bay.
HOUSE OF 6 ROOMS TO LET: BENT $16:
water free. 624 Chestnut st.
1 A AND 12 LILY AYE. — 5 ROOMS; NICE
1 U yard. Key »t 113 Oak st.
HOUSE OF 8 ROOMS AND BATH. 305
' Austin si., near Franklin.
HOUSE OF 6 KOOMS AND BATH, YARD
anil lan;e <ir- basement. 110 Noe St., bet.
Fourteenth and Fifteenth; rent $16.
Nice upper flat: 6 rooms and bath: all modern
Improvements. 905 Fourteenth st., near Noe:
rent $17: Key at grocery, cor. Fourteenth and Noe.
• TWO HOUSES OF 7 AND 9 NICE LARGE
i. sun y rooms, newly painted and papered and
* thoroughly renovated: large basement: laundry
and bath; nice yard in front and rear; 419 and 421
Castro St., near Market. Inquire of owner, 2080
Market st.
• mo LET CHEAP, $15, 6-ROOM HOUSE AND
X basement. 10 l-'olsom aye., bet. Seventh and
Eighth sis.
• $1 (\ ■ HOUSK IN REAR 1227. PACIFIC ST.;
0 1". 4 rooms and bath: washstand
• \TE. COR. CLAY AND UEVISADERO; 10
•X> rooms; fine order.
9 ROOMS, BATH AND LAUNDRY, ON 12TH
si.; 7 rooms, bath and laundry, on Glen Park
, .aye., large yards front and rear, attractive loca-
• • lion,, sunny, clean, in good repair; rents very low.
DEM P.VftR, 36 Glen Park aye., off Twelfth St.
• TTOUSKS TO RENT FOR VERY LITTLE
• XI money at BALDWIN <fc HOWELL'B, 10
Montgomery st.
"I 11.1 EL!.IS,|NEARBUCHANAN-2- STORY
•_ J. "I II house; large basement; 6 rooms; rent
' reasonable.
SIX" AND EKiHT ROOMS. HAMPTON PLACE,
off Kolsom at., bet. Second and Third.
• Q9'_> GKAKY, NR. LARKIN— IS ROOMS,
t7^.»b«th: rent very low. BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery su
* Q|,| 3-STORY FRAME, 4 ROOMS AND
tplv', basement: water fre>: quiet and respect-
able neighborhood. 6selina place, off north side
.California st.. below Stockton: ke.- at 8.
1 99fj BUSH — SUNNY HOUSE; 9 ROOMS;
' 1— — " yard; rent reasonable to a good tenant.
• ©JA 1731 BROADWAY, NKAK GOUGH—
is)ri\J. rooms: every convenience: marine view.
BAD TKNaNTs EJECTED: $3. SMITH,
collector. 14 >ie \ Ulster St.. rooms 10-11.
FURNISHED HOUSES.
-I7URNISHEII RF.SIDENCE AND GROUNDS
X for sale or lease at a bargain; the owner will
sell or lea<e residence with 12 rooms partly fur-
nUhed with about two acres of land hiehly im-
proved, situate in East Oakland on electric road,
. .within ten minutes walk from Twenty- thlr (-street
.' station: broad gauge railroad: rent moderate and
• • price reasonable. For further particulars apply
MADISON & BURKE, 6-6 Market st.
ELKGANTi.Y FURNISHED HOUSE OF ■ :-6
rooms; 28 rooms can be rented; on north side i
of Mission St., between Fourtli and Fifth. For
particulars apply to MADIsON «fc BURKE, 626
Market St.
FURNISHED FLATS.
"P<LEGANT CORNER FLAT OF 7 ROOMS;
■d completely and newly furnished; also new
piano; must be seen to be appreciated; rent rea-
' m . sonable to term tenant. Address R., box 17, Call.
*/ \1 I 1 SUTTER- SUNNY MODERN UP-
• -"1" 2 per flat 6 rooms: very cheap: large
. . yard; call 12 to'-'.
. ■ "1 OWKR FLAT 8 ROOMS. DETACHED: SUN
' J' a sides: reasonable; desirable. 13121/, Ellis.
COTTAGES TO LET.
Q7 Cp COTTAUE OP 3 SUNNY ROOMS;
. 'Ir 1 i .U»'. yard, lot and sued; »ewers: water
free; 26 Bennin.-ton St., near Cortlana aye.; key
at grocery. 343 8 Mission st. EABION, EL-
* DRiDGK & CO., 638 Market st.
'XXI SEVENTEENTH ST.. BET. NOE'AND
•X O\ Sanchez— 6 room*;, large sunny 'yard;
. rent $14.
COTTAGE; 4 ROOMS AND BATH AND
\J wasruubs; large yard. 23J3 i'olk st.
"• AR. NEW, OR WILL SELL, $50 CASH; BAL.
. . T: $14 perm. THK MCCARTHY CO., 64tf Market.
■Q7 NEWS-ROOM COTTAGE WITH BASE-
♦T • • mem. Apply 64 Silver at. or 9 Roscoe st.,
off Crescent aye. \;. ; ■;.
• pOTTAUE OF 4 ROOMS; MODERN IM-
V/ prov'men s; sunny yard and cellar. 1831
•O'Farrell sU
QMi 225 FLOOD AVK.. SUNNYSIDE TRACT.
»1> J. THE MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market sU
ffl.] /v KACH-COTTAGE, S% TAY ST., COR-
t© X V ncr Clay and Powell: flat, 1123 Valejo st.
• G«'f» COZY REAR COTTAGE, 3 ROOMS; 715
i±\J. Teuima St., near Eighth; no children;
sunny.
pOTTAGE TO LET. ANDERSON A. CO-
\J Twenty-nlnta and r-anchei sts.
• COTT.aGF, 5 ROOMS AND BATH: GARDEN;
\J cheap. 2289 Fifteenth hl, near i astro.
pHEAP: MODERN COTTAGE; STABLE;
V furniture and chickens for sale. 406 lioswortn.
pOTTAOfc: ALSO STORE: SUITABLE FOR
V^ butcher or fruit. 1 18 Fillmore st.
Ql7 SUNNY COTTAGE 41 ROOMS, BATH
V? 11. and basement. 220 Thirteenth St., near
Howard.'
Q] 9 COTTAGE, 5 I'.OriMS. 9 PRIEST ST.,
«IpiZi. off Washington, beu Jones and Leaven-
won h.
• , ;
Q> IF. NICK COTTAGE: 6 ROOMS: BATH;
<Jpl«-». sunny; yard, cellar. Key 711 Treat aye.
• 6*) 1 1 JESSIE - COTTAGE OF 4 BOOMS:
vJ— ' -i rent $9.
FLATS TO LET;
O-ROOM HAT WITH BATH. 77%- FEET
•' from California sU, on Hyde: a splendid place
lor man and wife or with one child; water free-
rent reasonable, inquire at 1328 Calilornia st.;
also one in rear: 4 rooms; water free; rent $10
Inquire 13-8 California it.
"VTI X FLATS To LET— BAY-WIHDOW. 6
Xi and 7 rooms and bath: sonny side; Nineteenth
St.. bet. Guerrero and Dolores, Nog. 3660 and 3662;
Valencia and Guerrero stteeicnrs bandy; rent $18
and $'J0; keys at grocery, cor. Guerrero', a pplv to
< . S. CAPP A CO., Real Estate Agents, 416 Mont-
gomery su
A SHBURY HEIGHT^ AND PaRK FLATS.
-ex 3 t < 9 ro-imj and b»th; all mo fern an-i sunny
renH from 49 up. Apply to U HELBiNG, house-
rentinK agent, 1706 Waller st.
imq7 mission, BET. sixteenth & SKV-
—\JO i ei.tecinh— 4 room*, bath. Key drugstore.
3 -ROOM FLAT WITH LARGE YARD AND
stablest 2y 3 Hay ward st. Apply on premises.
>>R2NCH FLAT, 1037 GUEKRKRO—
-1 rooms, baih and ailonary tubs; flat, 509
Third st , 4 rooms, rent $11; flat, 606 Third st
4 rooms, rent $10. '
SUNNY FLAT 4 ROOMS; BATH; GAS-
O range: unfurnished or partly lurnlshed. 624
Turk, near Larkln.
NATOMA-FLAT OF 4 ROOMS; LARGE
yard; sun all day: rent 810.
BKAUTIFUL CORNER FLAT. 8 ROOMS
JJ and bath. 323 Van A ess aye., cor. Ful.on at.
(JINNY 3-ROOM Pi ATS— MAYBKLLE
0 21»2 Grove st., cor. Van Ness aye. .
-. C 11K., N.vN, above sixth — nice
fA - U lower fiat of 3 rooms; rent cheap.
I,tLAT TO LET OF .5 ROOMS AND BATH;
-T - w. cor. Twenty-third and Hampshire sla,;
rent moderate.
ffi- 1 7 C/\ 543 CASTRO ST., NEAR NINE-
«Ir-L ' •O\J. teentb— iop flat; 6 rooms; porce-
lain bath.
0> ' /' 3631 NINETEENTH, NEAR GUER-
«3S i U. rero— Lower flat: 6 rooms; porcelain bain.
1 (\C)£i, MINNA. XH. ELEVENTH— 4 SUNNY
X\J\JO rooms; folding-door; gas; rent $1S 50.
ELKGANT NEW FLAT: 6 ROOMS; YARD;
warm belt. Mission. 3486 Twenty-second at.
•jKCf- .TWENTY-SECOND, NR. CHURCH—
• U«J' f Hay-window, sunny flat 5 rooms, tath;
rent reduced to $12 50.
©On FINE BA Y-WIXDOff FLAT: 6
tjTZjU. sunny rooms: bath. 735 Minna St., near
Muth. ,
(\1 Ei'OY— ELEGANT SUNNY LOWER
"JO flat; 8 rooms: best location in city.
FLATS TO T.KT- Continued.
Q-| Q UPPKR FL vT; 4 SUNNY ROOMS.
CX O. 142 Rose aye., near Halght and Octavla.
"I 91 (11 LAO UN A— 6- ROOM FLAT: LARGE
1_ I .'•> yard and cellar. Inquire next door.
No. 1221. '
VTKW FLAT OF 7 SUNNY ROOMS AND
Xi bath: all modern improvements. Twentieth
St., bet. Howard and Capp.
1 J*7Kl SACKAMt-.NTO, NX. HYDE— FLAT
X~±^O^ of 6 rooms and bath: $15.
VTEW FLAT. 9 ROOMS \ND BATH. 27
XI Herman su. cor. Stevenson, near Valencia.
SUNNY TOP FLAT, 4 ROOMS, BATH: LAT-
est Improvements; rent $15. Key7l3Srove.
YEAR CITY HALL: ELEGANT KU-iNY
Xi flat, 5 rooms, bath; rent $-0. 141 Grove St.
OjtQ SUNNY FLAT OF 4 BOOMs: USE OF
<JpO. yard. 2621/4 Clara st., near Sixth.
$7 CA LOWER SUNNY FLAT: 6 ROOMS.
*Ip I .OV/.-375 ranches si., near seventeenth.
FINEST, CHEAPEST, SUNNIEST MODERN
Mission fla'.s. 332-8 Cumberland St.. nr.Church.
HANDSOME SUNNY FLATS; 6 AND 7
rooxs: furnished or unfurnished; rents rea-
sonable. 1613 G lden Gate aye.
SUNNY UPPER FLAT OF 6 ROOMS: BATH
and gas: electric cars pa s the d. or; terms
Very moderate. 3460 Twenty-second st.
Ui (\ KLM AVK.— TWO FLATS 3 AND 4
I" rooms: $6 and $7; water free; yard.
Apply 1612 Golden Uate aye. iSL'JB*
4 ROOMS, BATH, ETC.. TILED SINK. DOOR-
opener, etc.: 4 rooms and bath, second floor;
3 rooms, laundry, large yards for flowers, base-
ment, etc.: all sunny; locatKn very attractive:
rooms clean: rents very low. DEMPSTER, 36
Glen Park nve., off Twelfth st.
IP L ATS TO LKT FOR VERY LITTLE
1 money at BALDWIN A HOWELL'B, 10 Mont-
gomery St.
QKE THOSE NICK UPPER MODERN FLATS,
k? '22 and 28 Erie st, bet. Thirtienth and Four-
teenth, off Mission: 6 rooms and bath; reduced to
$16; sunny.
/CHEAPEST FLATS IN CITY, 3270-3272
\J Seventeenth st., near Cupp: upper, 6 rooms
and bath, *18; lower, 5 rooms and bath, $16;
modern: see them.
W. COR. FOI.SOM AND THIRTEENTH— I
SW. COR. FOl SOM AND THIRTEENTH— I
upper. 1 lower; 6 and 5 rooms and bath: rent
$'_0 and $18. MADIsoN A BURKE, 626 Market. i
• ■
&>■)>) P. A HANDSOME flat 6 large
fJp — *-• U\' • rooms, bath and pantry; fine view.
627 Thirteenth st., near Market.
fi>O REAR UPFF.R FLAT 4 SUNNY ROOMa
<iPO. 27 Pearl st., off Market, near Valencia.
C 99 WALL KB, ST.. NR. STEINER— SUNN
w*-i- upper flat: 6 rooms: bath; yard, etc
USE FLAT; 7 ROOMS AND BATH; 828
Howard St., near Fourth; rent reasonable
SUNNY SIDK: 6-ROOM BAY-WINDOW
flat: $16: water free. 452^ Jessie st.
A" ICE FLAT: 4 GOOD ROOMS; CHEAP
X> rent. 624 sixth sU, near Bryant.
"1 rL')<J PO&T-2 VERY DESIRABLE FLATS;
X«J— C upper. 7 rooms, $25: lower, 6 rooms. $-'3.
1 A'JA LEAVEN WORTH, BET. WASHING-
I TTO'l ton and Jackson— Flat: nearly new; 6
rooms; porcelain tub: fine marine view; large
court or garden In rear: rent *-7 60.
1 f?AO &TF.INER— LOWER SUNNY FLAT
X vJ" ' of 6 room«; modern improvements.
Owl WEST MISSION, NEAR TWELFTH-6
~"Ob pleasant sunny rooms; second floor.
79QA GROVE— LOWER FLAT; 4 ROOMS;
1 «-».' bath; light, sunny, nice yard.
IO9 JI SACRAMENTO — FLAT 6 ROOMS:
lO^Oj modern improvements: rent $16.
ojj-l 9 LOVELY SUNNY FLAT; 4 LARGE
«JTJ-^J. rooms, bath, gas and yard. 3928 Nine-
teenth St., bet. Noe ana j-anrnrz: water tree.
ff>r TO $10 SAVED MONTHLY. 3UO FLATS
rJ?O to let ci cap at speck * CO.'S. 602 Market.
CjO" MOMERN FLAT; 8 ROOMS, BATH.
«JP^c». 11^8a Howard St., near Seventh.
/'HEAP MODERN FLATS, & AND 6
\J rooms. *H to $16: »<*> th. m. 523 v '-venth «t.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
Brannan Street.
AOA BRANNAN— FURNISHED ROOM TO
T:Z«tr let with the use of stove, $1 week.
Buchanan Street.
/?AO BUCHANAN— CORNER HOUSE; BAY-
\»U_ window ana small room, $11; also bay-
window and large room, $14.
i.u»ii Street.
901 Q 1 BUSH-TWO NEWLY FURNISHED
.•it/102 snnnv rooms for housekeeping; sink;
bath and yard; cheap.
Eddy Street-
1] O EDDY— SUNNY, CLEAN FURNISHED
I O rooms, $• up; also housekeeping; no tran-
sient.
7-1 Q EDDY— 3 LARGE HOUSEKEEPING
I It/ rooms; $16.
Eighth Street.
OA4 EIGHTH — 2 FURNISHED ROM »,
«)''l complete for housekeeping: rent reason-
able; sunny corner.
1-1 Uk Street.
099 ELLIS (PALMETTO)— MOST DESIR-
•>—•'- able housekeeping apartments In the city.
Eleventh Streeet.
1 * A.* ELEVENTH — 3 SUNNY TTNFUR-
X x 1 nisbed front rooms; suitable for housekeep-
ing; $3 up.
A 11th reot.
3QC FIFTH— DOUBLE PARLORS; KITCH-
•*•— *J en; bath: unfurnished or furnished: sunny
ball room; $5.
Fillmore Street.
$in 3 sU.NNY UNFURNISHED ROOMS;
«IPXV. good yard. 2212 Hilmore su, near Clay.
Franklin Street.
C 1 I FRANKLIN, NEAR McALLIBTEK-l
*JX X or 2 housekeeping rooms; cu-ap.
xourth Street.
99c FOURTH - ROOMS SUITABLE FOR
— »-«-' 11 ht housekeeping: also single.
Haven Street.
090 HAYES-2 LARGE SUNNY ROOMS
«_)*-(? for housekeeping.
Howard Street.
50 A HOWARD-LAKGE HOUSEKEEPING
•'I rooms: large closet: rent cheap..
Tfil 1 HOWaRD — NICELY FURNISHED
t UJ m sunny suite, with kitchen; others; double
and single; reasonable.
>;O1 HOWARD-FRONT SUNNY SUITE,
— 02. nicely furnished for housekeeping:
bath $12. ' •• 6
1 1 <1V |lIOWARD ~ 2 SUNNY BAY-WINDOW
X X Tit. connecting housekeeping rooms; rent
$1U 10 $8.
t.'casle Mreai.
07Q JESSIE. NEAK FIFTH— TWO HOUSE-
OIO kee, lug rooms, completely furnUhed; $10.
Ivßurny street.
99Q KEARNY— HOUrtt KEEPING ROOMS;
— Z.« 7 either gas or coal stove: also suite and sin-
gle.
oqrk kearny - 2 OK 3 FURNISHED
— O\/ rooms for housekeeping; coal or gas stove.
J-uikin Street.
49Q LARKIN— 3 SUNNY FRONT ROOMS
1 — 17 for light Housekeeping; terms moderate.
P. (\C\ LAKKIN; COR. 3 SUNNY FUK-
O\J\J Dished rooms for housekeeping.
C^C MINNA-3 LARGE SUNNY UNFUR-
UW mshed rooms; central; low rent; yard. •
OCQI MINNA— '2 ROOMS FUKMSUEDCOM-
-0002 plete for housekeeping; $10.
Mission Street. ■
Or Q MISSION— B FRONT ROOMS- NEWLY
CfJO furnished; everything for housekeeping;
$14.
I H9J. MISSION — SUNN'S BAY-WINDOW
lv/*-a rooms for housekeeping: $H up.
•1991 MISSION— SUNNY HOUsKKKEPING
■M-^jjJ I rooms; also single; very reasonable.
Montgomery Street.
C 97 MONTGOMERY. COR. CLAY — OPEN
O*~ I until 9:3u o'clock: branch offlc* of Tax
C ah.: subscriptions and want ads taken.
>Hiorna Street
9/<C NATOMA— FURNISHED ROOMS, $1,
A^rO Si 25, $1 60 per week: housekeeping $1 75.
er r X ATOMA-SUITE- OF HOUSKKKEP-
tJOO Ing rooms; rent $10 per month: apply
afternoon.
r(\\ NATOMA. COR. EIGHTH— FUHNISH
Iv/J ed or unfurnished rooms complete for
housekeeping; v heap. ._ .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 189 T.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS — Continued.
Octav • -srrees. •• - ' •
1 APiO OCTAVIA. ... I IARY- SUNNY
i i"O furnished bay-window, with kitchen
$16.
i oik Streo .
m SUNNY SINGLE ROOMS; ALSO
housekeeping; very reasonable.
Hamome Street.
Ol (* SANSOME — NICK SUNNY NEWLY
Ol furnished rooms, $3 and up.
hecond Street.
CO SECOND — LIGHT HOUSEKFEPINQ:
%j£i quiet and respectable; most reasonable.
MXUi * "TO .
OAA SIXTH — FRONT SUNNY HOUSE-
faii keeping tooms: furnished complete.
Sixteenth Street.
OQrvO SIXTEENTH. COR. HOWARD— I OR
— i/V '*_ -2 front rooms; furnished for housekeep-
ing; grate; $8 to $10.
Tenth Street.
m TENTH-PARLOR FLOOR, 8 LOVELY
I «-'! housekeeping: piano, gas, etc. : reasonable.
ilurrt Sires..
1 A£>l THIRD ST. — NICELY FURNISHED
1 "U2 housekeeping rooms: very reasonable.
AA(\ THIRD— sUXNV FURNISHED HOUSE-
JtttVJ keeping rooms; reasonable.
*C 1 QIHIRD— NICELY FURNISHED HOUSE-
-0 J O keeping rooms; range and running water.
Thirteenth Street.
ill Q THIRTEENTH^ NEAR HOWARD —
— 1 »J Famished housekeeping rooms; bath; hot
water; yard: cheap.
'1 urk Street.
51 O TURK — LIGHT HOUSEKEEPING
• ) I O sunny room; running water, gas and bath;
$10.
Twenty-third Street.
0790 TWENTY-THIRD, NE \R DOLORES—
0I — O 2 furnished rooms for housekeeping. .
Twenty-sixth Street.
QO£>7 TWENTY-SIXTH, NR. MISSION—
ODD 1 nicely furnished housekeeping rooms;
yar 1 ; low rent.
Turk Street.
Ql A TURK— SUITE. NEW FURXI-
OIU tare, batn: also light housekeeping.
r I O TUBK-L I G )• T HOUSEKEEPING
•'iO sunny room; running water, gas and bath;
$10.
COT TURK— FLOOR 4 LOVELY UNFUR-
*■ — « 1 nlsbed rooms and alcove: running water;
bath, grates.
Valencl-i Street
r.OAi VALKinCIA— S9 FOR 3 HOOSEKEEP-
»'Oi? ing rooms: sunny; bath.
i • \ Kit >r«* Avenue.
91 1 VAN NESS AYE— HOUSEKEEPING
01 J rooms, furnished, sunn.-, facing avenue,
gas, bath; suites or single. Apply after Ip. it.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — TJ3JI
xV WEEKLY CALL. la wraoper. for maninc
KOOMS TO LET.
Bush Stroe.. '
Q9A BUSH-ONE LARGE SUNNY FRONT
t7 — v ro>m and one small single front room; run-
ning water and bath; furnished; reasonable.
Capp Street. .
in9J. CAPP - NEAR TWENTY-SIX! H-4
lv*3 sunny rroms: yard; boiler and bath.
— — — — — ,
Colton Street.
771 COLTON-1 ( R 2 NICE BOOMS TO LET
• • 2 by German widow.
Eddy Street.
O(\<7 EDDY, NEAR JONES— COMFOKTABLE
OV» I room: gas; bath: low rent private fami y.
KDI.Y-LAHGK LIGHT KCOM; GRATE;
"WO Mutable for one or two: cheap.
11 OA i£DDY — LARGE bUNNY FRONT
1 1 • )\J room, well furnished; opposite Jefferson
square.
I'l ( ( A KDDY-2 SUNNY FUKNISHED
X I Xt/ rooms; very easonaule.
I'.ißhtli Street.
QHERMAN APARTMKNT HOUSE. ?K HTH
0 st.. near Market: lurnlshn.l and unfurnished.
1-1 11* Street.
11 A. KLLIS— ELEGANT SUNNY FRONT
x x suite; also room for light housekeeping.
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 ELLIS —IN C AND
cent lights in even- room: reading-room, con-
taining dally papers:, smoking-room and ladle,-*'
rarlor; open all night; rooms per night. 35c to
$1 s';: week. «2 to % 8: month. $8 to $30: lire es-
capes; elevator on office floor; annex of 65 rooms
now ready :hoi and cold water in each room; baths.
rpHK RAMONA, 130 ELLIS, MRsJ. KATE B.
xll ART. manager— A quiet hon<e: centrally lo-
cated: ne»!y furnished: elevator; hot 4 cold water.
99 ELLIS-SUNNY ROOM; NfcWLY FUR-
»;_._. ui.siitd. suitable for two,
Fell Street.
940 FELL— UNFURNISHED ROOMS;
iIUO sunny.
*iitli street.
THE COSMOPOLITAN — SELECT FAMILY
hotel: 100 Fifth St., cor. Mission: rooms
bOc, 75c and $1 per night: VI to S5 per week.
1 (\rr FIFTH— PLEASANT. SUNNY, UNFUR-
Ivl niched rooms to let.
oliom Street.
({CO FOLSOM— FURNI HED ROOMS FOR
vliiO housekeeping; also single rooms; all new
furniture, carpets ana bedding.
fTOC FOLSOM— NEATLY FURNISHED SUN-
OZi*J ny single room: $3 50 a month.
fourth ->tr«et.
Q* Q FOURTH— FURNISHED OR UNFUR-
O_.t7 nlsbed rooms lor housekeeping; cheap.
uiKMi Street.
I-I CTFULTON— NICELY FURNISHED SIN-
J-JLO gle sunnr room; $4.
Geary Street.
"I (\O GEARY — ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
-LVSO sunny room*; en suite or single; offices.
OIC GKARY ST., OPP. UNION SQIAKK-
•— 1 *J unfurnished rooms; key at 117 Geary st.
007 GEARY. COX. MASON- NEWLY FUR-
-00 I nished sunny from rooms: suite or single;
terms moderate.
791 GEARY— NICELY FURNISHED ROOM;
( *-x rent reasonable: referenced.
Q(\ "I OKA — ELEGANT BAY-WINDOW
O« .1 rooms: modern conveniences; reasonable;
new corner flat.' -
Q1 C GEAItY— SUNJTY ROOMH; SUITE OR
V±O single; folding-beds If desired; reasonable.
Golden Gate Avenue.
91 Q GOLDEN OATj-: AVE.-P L A 8 A T
— l'J sunny double and single rooms, f 5 up.
*)(>A GOLDEN GATE AVK.- DOUBLE ROOM;
•-'■•" I nicely furnlsheii; gas, bath, $H: for 1 of 2
gents.
P.(\O GOLDEN GATE AVK.— SUNNY i-'UR-
fJ\JO nished room, suitable for V. also single.
"I 911/1 OOLDEN GATE AVE.— NICKLY FUR-
■I-"T: nished, large, sunny, front rooms: can
arrange for light housekt-iplug if desired; private
family; use of te ephone. -
AioMui-u street.
1 C\C.C\ HOWARD-SUNNY FRONT ROOM,
ivUUg large enough for two, So.
91 9." HOWARD ST.— PRIVATK FAMILY;
*jx*j U nicely furnished rooms for gentlemen.
Hunt Street.
qi hunt— nkw management; nicely
OX furnished room: SI week up.
Hyde Street.
7 HYDE-SUNNY FRONT SUITE: NEWLY
■*■ furnished, SI S: side room, $7; board optional.
7f\Ol HYDE, NKAK POST—. CONNECTING
I \JO-z rooms; sunny, bay-window, grate, gas.
bath.
. 1 -
•tcmiie street.
OH A JEBBIE-NICELY FURNISHED
«->•— -I single room; *4 50 per month. #
O( C JL.SSIE, NEAR FIFTH— FURNISHED
Ov_ O rooms; cheap rent.
070 J«- .«BIE, COPPOMTE METROPOLITAN
010 Temple— single room; only S6.
-«-my Street.
ARLINGTON HOUSE. 127 KEARNY _
-iV. Pleasant sunny rooms. ED suite and single; first
class in every respect: terms reasonable.
BOOMS TO LET— Continued. ;
1 «'kin Street.
1 4.1 1 LARKIN — SUNNY BOOM WITH
!"A1 closet; rent $5.
9«'ftO 2 UNFURNISHED ROOMS
£.^.\JO to let; $5 per month.
# Sia.ket street
TTOSKMITE HOUSE. 1045 MARKET— PEK
■m. night, $35 to $1; week, $1 60 to 95; families.
11 99 MARKET — 3 SUNNY OFFICE
*-\.£i£i rooms; flru floor.
900/1 MARKET-LARGE SUNNY ALCOVE;
*<vftf "I also 2 pleasant housekeeping rooms.
Martha Place.
6 MARTHA H.AC* OFF GEARY, BET.
Mason and — Sunny rooms;. ss month.
Mason Street.
1 04 MASON-SUNNY FRONT SUITES AND
Xytr single; newly fnrnlshed; running water.
]1 9 mason— parlors occupied by.
11*. dressmaker for years or suitable for doctor '
aimna Stree;.
ncrr MINNA, COR. EIGHTH-NEWLY FOR-
\J\i I nlshed bay-window rooms: 91 per week.
Mission Street.
HANCOCK HOUSE, 781 MISSION: SELECT
family rooming-house: $1 60 to $tS per week.
1 M IBS Io — NEWLY FURNISHED
XUUO room; grate, closet, $8; otuers, 11. hi
housekeeping.
Ninth street.
91 NINTH-SUNNY FRONT BOOMS; ALSO
■<-X housekeeping. iSTtf
Nineteenth Street.
Qft^ift NINETEENTH— V HALL
OUtJU bedroom, also one with doable bed suita-
ble for two gentlemen; private family.
Oak Street.
I On OAK— SUNNY FRONT BAY-WINDOW
XOU rooms cheap.
Octuvla Street.
KOC OCTAVIA ST.— FURNISHED ROOM;
*)*-O .Spanish family; with or without board.
Call 12 m.
o'xurrall .Mr«o..
1441 O'FARRELL— FURNISHED ROOM,
1 '11 suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen; private
Jewish family.
Fine Street.
f»9l PINE — ROOMS FOR GENTLEMEN;
"*— 1 cheap room, use of kitchen, for elderly
couple.
i'ost Mreet.
9QQ POST, CORNKR OF STOCKTON.
3 LARGE SUNNY OFFICES, SUITABLE
FOR DOCTOR, DENTIST, DRESSMAKER,
MILLINER, ETC; OVERLOOKS PLAZA;
DESIRABLE LOCATION: ELEGANT SUITES.
f?99POST: ELEGANTLY FURNISHED RMS;
vJ*j— bath; hot, cod water; *8; sunny suite i.
f?9(l POST - HLKGANT SONNY ROOM;
\J+j-J board optional; terms moderate.
71 »_> POhT— LARGE UNFURNISHED PAX-
• li) lore, suitable for doctor's office; also fur-
nished sunny suit; tei ms reasonable.
i owe.l Street.
19Q POWELL — ICELY FURNISHED
X *.O rooms; suites or single: day, week or ma
99X POWKLL.COB, GEARY— LARGE SUN.
—— <> Ny corner room, nicely furnished; sunny
basement rcom.
Kausch Street.
I Q3 RAUSCII. BET. HOWARD 4 FOLSOM,
lt/4 Seventh and Ei.hth — Nicely furnished
sunny front room for 1 or 2; rent $5.
Shotwell Street.
ffljQ 3 SUNNY BAY-WINDOW ROOMS;
iff'J. bath; grate; water free. 937 Shot well St.
Sixth Street.
QO RXTH — QUIET SUNNY ELEOANT
00 rooms: Ml conveniences; fireproof building.
1 On SIXTH— FURNISHED FRONT SUITE
X*.VJ for light hoosekeeplog; also single rooms.
. South Par K.i
1(A SOUTH PARK— SUNNY FURNISHED
1U front room $5.
Istevenson Street.
CC STEVENSON — 2 FRONT ROOMS;
000 rent reasonable.
lIAI* STEVENSON— COMFORTABLY FUR-
*/■ 1 I nlshed Day-window front suite; wonld rent
separate: modern; cheap.
Stockton ■'i reel.
TnK EUROPEAN, 17 STOCKTON— FUR-
JL nlshed suites from 94 to 910 a week; single
rooms, 91 £0 to 93 a week; hot and cold water in
every room: baths: transient specialty; elevator.
Sutter Street.
CAA BUTTER. CORNER POWELL-SMALL
«JUI" sunny rooms forgentlemen; cheap; board
optional.
7A7-711 SUTTER— FURNISHED AND US-
I'M liirnltheil; choice: reasonable: appreciated
if seen.
1 1 SUITER — SUNNY FURNISHED
J. — "O rooms in: offices: 916 up: single, 95 up;
gas and bath.
1 lor BtSMMa
lAQ TAYLOR — LARGE SUNNY SINGLE
1 \J •'/ room 91 60; large doable room 91 76 neck.
COO TAYLOR, NEAR POST— NEWLY FUR-
U n— — < n Isbed sunny rooms; modern conveniences;
terms moderate.
1 : — , ;
KOQ TAYLOR (THE UTICA) — LARGE,
«' —•' sunny front rooms; also single; bath; 916
and 910.
Tenth Street.
m TENTH, NEAR MARKET— LARGE
sunny room tor housekeeping If desired.
'.twelfth Street.
1 99 TWELFTH -FURNISHED ROOMS
I «- — suitable for man and wife or single men.
liUrrllnnxoui.
■VICE FURNISHED SINGLE ROOM; VERY
i-> reasonable; references exchanged. Address
L, M., box 67, Call office.
W. COR. SIXTEENTH ST., NEAR MISSION:
branch office of Tux Call, Subscriptions and
want ads lak-n.
BOARDING AND BOOMS.
1 FiVn CALIFORNIA— NEWLY FURNISHED
*J —\J p'easa it rooms with board.
91 OH California — elegant resi-
£l l \J\J cenre; hot ana cold water in every room
f mare; telephone; table first class; excellent
service.
I I Q LEAVKNWORTH— GOOD BOARD AND
iJ v room lor 2. private iam ly. 94 week.
<D{\)A FINK BAY - WINDOW 0 SUNNY
«J> — ". rooms; bath. 736 Minna St., near Ninth.
•
Ci](i ELLIS-FRONT NEWLY FURNISHED
"■I" sunny room; very reasonable.
79c PINK (KEXOVA)— NEWLY FURNISH-
* — ■'' ed suites and single rooms; service strictly
first class: references.
QAO VAN .NESS AYE.-NEWLY FURNISH-
tJVU ed sunny rooms, with board.
HOTEL 8.-.RTLI.SG. 714 BUSH— A FAMILY
hotel: returnee v all modern conveniences.
tUILUKIi.S BOARDKD.
ANTED— ONE OR TWO SMALL CHIL-
. '» dren to rare tor at -reasonable rates. Inquire
for address of J. m. U. at the Call Offi.-e. '
LADY WISH CHILD, NOT UNDER 3OR 4
years, to board and give lessons In French.
462 Natoma st.
■
T\T «NTKL-2 OR a CHILDREN FOR BOARD-
i '» Ing: good home; nice family. 3414 Twenty-
I sixth »t. • .... f
— . . —
OFFICES TO LET.
1 t\(\Q MARKET— SUN FRONT ROOMS,
±U\Jij en sui.e or single: terms reasonable.
OFFICES, MARYE LAW BUILDING, 1604
Market St.. at 9iO per suite, opposite the Lick
sta nary. ASHTON _ GARDIN-R, 411 Mont-
gomery st.
ESK HO. 'M CHEAP; LARGE SUNNY OF-
flce, furnished. Call 69 Columbian building.
ST. ANN'S BUILDING, 6 EDDY ST.. CORNER
Powell— Destrab.e offices, with gas. janitor and
elevator. . BOVEK. Toy * CO.. 30 ->.outgomery.
PROFESSIONAL CARDS.
JOHN K. RICHARD!! LAW OFFICES. BOOMS
O ac and 27, Crocket MUiOiBK IWaiiliOlM Mm*
76, ten Francisco, Cat
STORES TO LET.
\i IS6ION ST., NEAR NEW MONTGOMERY—
J'l Large store aud 2 floors above: well lighted
throughout: suited for wholesale- or manufactur-
ing business. 945 — Valencia nearT*entv-second:
newhlore: plateglass windows. 930—615 Third,
near Bryant; sore and 3 rooms, with baker's
oven, etc., complete. 26 18 Mission, near Twenty-
first: store and 1 room: 925. W. H. CRIM & CO.,
118 Montgomery >v
°fW} VAN NESS AYE., NEAR GROVE ST.—
«JVf«/ Storr, with rixtures; rent rjasonaole.
STO: B AND 2 LIVING-ROOMS, SB. COR.
Page and Lyon sts. ; rent che.ip.
FAHT <>F BTORE TO LET: CHEAP. IN-
quire 112 McAllliter st.
S STORE, 2 ROOMS, CEMENT CELLAR;
1 wenty-thlrd and Guerrero sts.; store, fix are*,
2 rooms ana cellar; Twenty-third, next toGuenero.
NEW BAY-WINDOW STORE; SI'ITABLft
for barber-shop; opposite railroad depot.
Twenty-fifth st.; 9a
1 101 HOWARD-NICK BTORE AND TWO
xxxjx rooms; excellent locution: very mod-
erate.
ELKGANT STORE. WITH LIVING-ROOMS;
rent reasonable 825 Howard st.
1 R(\*) HOWARD— STORE WITH 2 LIVING-
-1( J- rooms: rent cheap.
C]>9X STORE; 3 ROOMS; LIGHT CELLAR.
tF4O. 1128 Howard St., near Seventh.
AIU FOLRTH-SM ALL STORE WITH ROOM
In rear: low rent. Apply to U. H. UAIBSKN
* CO., 14 Montgomery st.
EDUCATIONAL.
T UCKHARDT'S COMBINED ASSAY OFFICE
ir, * n l I Hcno ° l o' Instruction (Incorporated);
PRACTICAL and INDIVIDUAL Instruction in
the latest Improvea methods in assaying, analysis.
eleciropiating. CYANIDE process, etc.; SPECIAL
A TTII.N ITON given to caieful a<say and analysis
01 ores, waters, etc 26 O'Karreil at.: elevator.
A SCHOOL OF PHYSICAL CULTURE AND
fL Elocution. 1215 Octavia st., an Francisco.
MISS ELIZA MACKINTOSH. , upil of rrofesnnr
t». W. Baynham, Glasgow, Scotland, and graduate
of the school of Oratory, Philadelphia, Pa.,
teacher. Office days. Friday p v , Saturday a. v.
"CURSIVE SHORTHAND "ISTHE EASIK-.T
yj best and cheapest; vowels aud consonants
joined: no positions: descriptive pamphlet free-
also Pitman. Graham, Munson and Marsh writers
corrected and speeded: first-class references. ROS-
COE EATMKS, room 70. Flood building.
HEALD«B BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST-
Bookkeeplng, business practice, shorthand,
typing, telegraphy, langnaces. Kngllsh branches,
electrical engineering: liO teachers; 16.0UU grwlu-
■ lea: day and evening sessions; catalogue.
AY RES', THE LEADING COLLEGE. 32*
Montgomery st.: Individnal Instruction in
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy, eta
Hie scholarship 950: low ratei Der week and ma.
OTAMMEKING, LISPINO, ALL I4IPERFEC-
O tlons of speech, positively cured: voice build-
ing, ludlvldual instruction: references from best in
California. PROF. R. a. DAVIS, 1508 Market.
BELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTINO-
-I'rivale theatricals arranged; pupils r.-hearsed
on stage. R. b and 12, L0.0.F. block, 7th and ilkt.
LEO COOPEK. SCHOOL OF ACTING AND
Opera, rantomlme and Acting: study of reper-
toire and vocal music 814 Geary sc
"ENGINEERING 8CHOOL; MKCH.. ELEC"
J^cUll. fining, snrvey, assay, nrchi'.. X ray
tauitht: <-s.lBtt*. A. VAN DKR NAILLKN.933 Mkt
STIEHL'S SHORTHAND AND BUSIMSS
College, 723 Maricet st. ; Htudents trained; office
situations secured: lowest rates or credit for tuition
PIANO TAUGHT IN SIX MONTHS NEW
quick method; 92 oO per month. 323 Hyde st,
PKOF. LOUIS MERKI: VIOLIN. MANDOLIN,
guitar, cornet; reasonable. 225 Ueary.nr. Powell.
OOKKPNG. WRITNO, ARITHMTC. GRAMR,
day & night: no daises: 95 month. 846 Mission.
INOINO; PIANO: PARIS GRADUATE;
French, uerman languages: 92 mo. 109 '1 aylor.
GUITAR, MANDOLIN. PIANO ANU Vu(_ I-
lessons. 93 mo. Mary Westhaus. 39 Fifth.
ÜBSCRIPTIONS ANU WANT ADS FOR THE
Call taken at branch office, 389 Hayes st.;
open until .iSO o'cl'kjh
DENTISTS.
FULL HET OF TEKTH, 97 :
years; painless extraction: see our new combina-
tion plate; thinnest, ligmest, coolesl plate made;
warranted 10 y.ars: fillings. 50c; crowns, 93 >0.
CHICAGO DKNTAL PAULORS, 24 Sixth stree:.
pROOMK DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 MAR-
\J ket, bet. 3d and 4ih; gas specialists; )>uinless
extract ng. with gas. 91: plates, 95 up; fill, 91 up.
$7 FULL SET TEETH; BfcssT MAKE;
1 . kept in repair; extracting free; fllllngs,soc;
crowna, 93 60. Pacific Dental Parlors, 18 Third.
DR. J. J. LEKK. 1126 MARKET ST.; OPEN
evenings: Sundays till noon.
POSITIVKLY PAINLESS EXTRACTION. DR.
X HARDING, 500Sutter cor. Powell: U-1.ma1n5375
/"IULTOX IIt.NTAI, ASSOCIATION, 806 MAR-
\J ket st. DR. CHARLES W. DECKEK.
O*n A SET FOR TKISTH— WARRANTED A3
C ' good as can be made; filling 91. DR >IMM.-i,
dentist, 930 Market su, next Baldwin Theater.
PAINLESS EXTRACTION. 60c: CROWN
X bridge work a specialty: plates 95 up: lSyeari
experience. R. L. WALSH, D.D.S.. 816% (ieary.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 MARKET ST, Nit.
U Eleventh: no cbarze for extracting whoa
plates are made: old plates mads over lUce new;
teeth from 98 per set: extracting 60c : gas given.
t'KT Of IKE i H ITiiuU 1" A r__'X'— . _„
U H. O. Young, 1841 Polk su
DR. GKOKGE W. LEEK. THE GENUINE
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extractloa
and patentee ot improved bridge work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6to i! 0 Farrelli:
ALL WORK REASONABLE AND WAit-
ranfd- DR. J. %v. KKY. 1122 Market au
LAIKSI S.aj'i-lMli IMT___l__NU_.
Jk II .V«'(l.
SATURDAY. February 57.
Ship St Nicholas, Grant, 8 days from Seattle;
— tons coal, to Oregon Imp Co
Domestic Port*.
FORT BRAGG -Arrived Feb Stmr Weeott,
hence Feb 26.
Sailed Feb 27— Stmr Noyo, for San Francisco.
POINT ARENA— Sailed Fob 27-Schr Reliano,
for San Francisco.
OSAL— Sailed Feb 27-Stmr Newsboy, for San
Francisco.
SEA I'TLE- Arrived Feb 27— Stmr Progreso,hce
Feb 23.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Feb 27— Stmr Del
None, hence Feb 23.
I ~*~"*~"~*~"~*~"~"~'~ M
MAKKIAGr. I,IC'jKNS_S.
The following marnaif- licenses have been
Issued by the County Clark's office:
W. A. Bobbins and Kalherlne J. Roche. 29-29.
B. F. Phillips and L?ah Heiuebcrg. 23—23.
Thomas Muliina and Maiy Boyle. 33—19.
R. L. Creelman and Marlon a*. Healy. 24—21.
Harry Johnson and Ida Johnson, 30-2*.
Frank KcMy and «nsan McCo>l, 4.'— '29.
T. H. O'Brien and Mary M. Jones. 31— 26.
R. R McK-eand --.rahT. Miillanev. 2-J— 24.
Augustus L. Duabar and Annie R tchle, 32—32.
Curtis O. Falkaml Annie C. M. Hall, 21— 22.
.1 I. da Rosa and Ito :i V Masclmento. 38— "0.
.IKTIIIS— HABBIAtiES— -EATfIA
[Birth, marriage and death notices sea' by ma..
will not bo Inserted. They mutt be handed In a.
either of tie publication office* and he lndortal
with name an.l residence of person* autaorudl
to have the am« published. |
' BORN.
ALlCE— January 26, 1897. to the wife or George
Alice, a daughter.
ATTINGER-In this city, February 26. 1897, to
the wife of Chris Attlnger, a son. V
FRANK— In this city. February 10,1897, to the
wife of Nathan H. Frank, a son.
HAUSMANN-In this city. February 18. 1897, to
the if- of Fred Hausmann, a son.
HOUSTON — In this city, February 20, 1897, to the
wife ot F. K. Houston, a son.
HOGAN— In this city, February 21.1897, to the
wife of C. J. Uogan, a son.
MOORE— February 27, 1897, to the wife of W. E.
Moore, a son.
KAVN-In this city, to the wife of L L. Ravn,
a son.
ROLPH— In this city, February 18, 1897, to the
wife of W. N. Rolph, a dau-;h:er.
SMITH— In this city, Feoruary 20, 1897, to the
wife of Jamet If. Smith a ■• >rt.
__________ — _
HAKKIEU.
CRAIG-CROUCH— February 23, 1897. by the
Rev. M. P. Boynton. Alec K. Craig and Amy L.
Crouch, both of san Francisco.
PAGE— BOYSTON— In Alameda. February '2%
' 1897, Alwin U. Page and JMagarette T. Hoyston,
both of San Francisco.
WHITSON— FISHKR— In Great Bend, Kaon.,
January *8, 1897, Floyd E. Wbltson of Albu-
querque, N. Men., and Kssie M. Fisher of Jack-
sonville, Or.
DI_D.
Cavanaugti, Alice M. Llndenbaum (Infant)
Cheyne, John Lynch. James
Cole, Mrs. Mary A. Mnuerhan, Albert G.
Cresswetl, William P. O'Hare, James
Dooks, Peter 11. i'.iu >u«n, John •
Fitziclbbon. John M. Pon, Jean P.,
Fos.er, Ueorse K. - Roach. Thomas A.
G ran vi He. Thomas R. Rourice. Peter ■
Hanjps, Auiitut F. -chroeder. Martin B.
Hory, Michael S«lt7.. Dorohea
Kearney. Theresa Smith, WillUm E.
Klliau, Juila Tomanovich, Andrla
Kreuzberger, Jane Wars. Mehl abel M.
Lawrence, James J. Wilson, Ann
Lewis, Enoch T. . Welcome, Mary A.
CAVANAUGH— In this city, February 27,1897,
Alice May. beloved wife of J. A. Cavanaugh,
mother of J. Hobart Cavanauch Jr.. aid daugh-
ter of the late James and Emma Galloway, a na-
tive of California, a?ed 31 years 10 month* and
29 days. [Virginia City and lowa papers please
jOrlnterment at Sacramento March 1, 1897.
CHKYNE— In Utopia, Clermont County, Ohio,
February 7, 3 897, John Cheyne. a native of
Montrose, Scotland, aged 80 year*.
COLE— In East Oakland, February 26, 1897, Mrs.
Mary A. Cole, aunt of Mrs. W. W. Woodcock.
£a nailve of .\'e« York State, aged 77 years and 7
i months.
CRESSWELL-In Llvermore, Cal., February 26,
1897. William Por.er Cress well, formerly of
Kirkcudbrightshire, Scotland, aited 68 years.
DON KS-In this city, February 27. 1*97, Peter
Herrman. dearly beloved husband of Johanna
Donks, and father of Mrs. F. L. Guntz, the late
Mrs. A. C. C. Kast aud Mrs. Henry Reich, a na-
tive of Elmd bel Dllgen-ata-Bheln. aged 76
years 8 months and 26 days. tx-pre»ldent of
St. Paulus Verein.
49~Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TUESDAY,
March 2, from hU late residence, 3:-fl% Hayes
street, thence to St. Boulface Church. Golden
Gate avenue, where a solemn reauiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of
his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
FITZOIBBOX— In tnis city. February 26 1897,
Jo:in M. FitzciuLon, agod 61 years.
"The funeral will take Dlace TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 9:45 o'clock a. m.. from the resi-
dence of nls .imuhter, Mrs. W. E. Willie, 624
Fe.l street, theuc ■ to Sacred Heart Church, cor-
ner of Fell and Fillmore streets, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the repose of
his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock a. U.
FOSTEK— In this city. February 26, 1897. George
X., beloved husband of Annie K. Foster, a na-
tive of New or*.
93" Friends and acquaintances and mem-
bers of the L O. H. M. are respectfully In-
vited to attend the funeral services THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock p. v.. at his late residence,
3030 a Sixteenth street. Interment Mount Oli-
vet Cemetery.
ORANVILLE— this' city, February 27. 1897,
Thomas Richard, beloved son or. Arthur J. and
Mary <.*rauville, and brother of Irene and Alice
(•ranvllle. a native of San Francisco, aged 3
years and 6 months
49~The funeral will take place TO- MO KB
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock a.m., from the resi-
dence ot the parents, 206 Clara street, lu.wrtneu.
Holy Cross Cemetery.
HANJES— In this city, February 26. 1897, Au-
gust Freddie, beloved son of A. F. and Annie
Hanjes, a. id brother of Martha Hanjes a native
of San Francisco, aged 1 year 6 months at.d 1
day.
JSS-Funeral THIB DAY (Sunday), at 2
o'clock p. m.. from the residence of his parents.
174 Lexington avenue, between Eighteenth and
Nineteenth streets. Interment private.
HOEY-in thH city. February 26, 1897. Michael,
beloved husband of Ellen Hoey. and father of
Lizzie. Michael. Mamie, William a.id the late
John Hoey, a native of County Sllgo, Ireland,
a.-red 72 years. f Virginia papers please copy.J
&9"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully lnvltad to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 1 :30 o'clock p. m., from his late
residence. 223 Clara street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church for services. Interment Holy
Cros* Cemetery.
KEARNEY— In • tnls cltr. February 27. 1837,
Theresa, beloved daughter of Patrick F. and
Mary Kearney, a native of San Francisco, aged
2 years and 2 months.
Friends apd acquaintances are respect-
fully invited 10 attend the > uneral TO-MORKUW
(Monday), at 11 o'clock a. k.. from the resi-
den eof the parents. *4 F.ilr Oaks street. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KILIAN— In Oakland, February 27, 1897. Julia,
beloved wife of Frank S. Kilian. a native of Eng-
land, aged 44 years 11 months aud 8 days.
KREUZBERGEK— In this city, February 27.
1897. Jane, beloved wife of the late Gregory
Kre :zberger. a native of Ireland, aged 76 years.
f Sacrame.ito paper* please copy.]
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock a.m.. from her late
residrnce, 1606 Howard street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her souL com-
mencing at 10 o'clock a. m. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
LAWRENCE— lv Berkeley, February 26. 1897,
James John, beloved nephew and adopted son of
John and Nellie Lawrence, aged 15 years and 4
month*.
Funeral services will be neld THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. v . at St. Mark's
Church, Bancroft way. Interment private.
LEWIS— In the City an-l Count* Hrnnr-vl, Feb-
ruary 27. 18 7, Enoch T. Lewis, aged 47 years.
LINDENBAUM— In this <-lty, February 26, 1897,
infant daughter of Sophie and Nathan Linden-
baum, aged Jl days.
LYNCH— mis city. February 1897, James
Lynch, a native of Ireland, a?e 1 88 years.
MAUERHAN— In this cliv. February 27, 1897.
Albert <t., beloved Bon of J. C. Jlan.-r.ian of
Anaheim, Cal., and brother of Uottlob, Conrad,
Eugene, Willie and Daniel Mauerhan and Mrs.
G. F. ucas. a native or Reutlingen, Wurtem-
berg. Oerinany, aged 29 years 4 months and 11
- days
rends and acquaintances are reapac:-
fuliy Invited to a.tend the luneral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock p. m, from Emanuel
Church, Twelfth street, between Market and
Mission, and thence by electric funeral-cir leav- <
Ing corner or Fourteenth and Miss on streets at
2 o'clock p. St. sharp, to Cypress Lawn Cemetery
for interment. .
O'HARE— in this city. February 27, 1897, James j
O'Hare, dearly beloved brother of Peter and I
Hugh O'Hare and Mrs. Calherin- Farrell. and ;
nep.iew of Mrs. Catherine Clark, a native of
County Down, Ireland. a«-,i 29 veara.
£3~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fnllv invited toa'.teiu the fun -ra; TO MORROW
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m.. from the resi-
dence of his sister. Mrs. John F«rrell. 753 How-
ard street, thence to Su Patrick's <Juurct>, where a
requiem mass will be celebrated for the repose of
his sou:, commencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
Y. M. I.— Members of San Francisco Council No.
7. Y. M. I.: You are hereby notified to me.-tat
75 » Howard street Tomorrow (Monday), at
8 o'clock a. M., for the purpose of attending the
funeral of our deceased brother, James O'H.ar<>.
Fines for non-attendance will be strictly en-
forced. By order of
CHARLES McAULIFFE, Pres.
GkorokM. Kelly Sec.
PAUSTIA.V— In thU city. February 2«, 1897, j
John Pausttan, a native of Germany, aged 73
years.
PON— In this city. February £7, 1897, Jean P..
beloved father of Alb it J. and Louise Pon, a
native of France, aged -id years.
'Jt3P"Friends and acquaintances ar° respect-
fully Invited to attend tie funeral TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 2:3) o'clock p. m., from the par-
li rs of the United Undertaken, 27 and 29 Fifth
street; Inter meni I. O. O. i. Cemettr.-. ,
I ROACH— In this city, February 26 1897, Tboma*
i Albert, 'beiuwd sou ot .I,i:;ns F. anJ. Roile
Roach, a native of San Francisco, aged 3 months
anil i days. ..-.'■
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 11 o'clock a. m., from the resi-
dence of the parents, '.'4 Minna street. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
ROURKK— In this city, February 25. 1897. Peter,
beiovel husband of r.llen Bourne, and father of
James. Joseph, Thomas. Joi.n. Nellie aid Katie
Kourue and Mrs. Joseph R. O'Connor, a native
of County Galway. Ireland, a?ed 57 years.
43~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Inviteu to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock a. m.. from his late I
residence. 1.: 06 lirove street, thence to sacred I
Heart Citurch, Fella id I'lllmoro streets, where a !
solemn requiem mn<i will b-» celebrated for th»
repose of his soul, commencing at 11 o'clock
a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
G. A. B — Lincoln Post No. 1, G. a. R. Attention!
Comrades will aiiemb c at headquarters 411
Mason street, THl> HAY (Sunday), at 9-30
o'clock a. m., to attend the funeral of our late .
comrdJe, Peter lto.irke. Ey order of
■ P. H. MASS, Commander.
H. L. Babkeb. Adjutant.
HROEDEK-In inn City and County Hospital.
February 27, 1897. Martin B. SchroeJer, aged I
48 years.
SEITZ— In this city, February 26. 1897. Dorothea, !
wif of the late Chrlv. an S<iiz. and bloved
motherof Marie A., Henr»J..Ch,ist;ani.. ! hade, !
A.. LeonarJ O. aud Dora i-.-., a v itiv •of Kiel
Holstein, Uermany, aied 6 J years 8 months and
25 days.
Friends and ecaualntances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral T >-«ORROW
(Monday) at 2 o'clock p. m.. trom the family
residence. sl s Ellis stre- L interment I. O. O. F
Cemetery.
8^ IT I r" in J city, February 27. 1597. Wi liam
X., beloved son of John and Mary Smith, a na-
tive Of San > r:inolsco. aged 1 montn ami ;7 duvs.
TOMAKOVICH— In this cl:y. February 24 1«97.
Anaria. beloved in band of Drage To.uanovich,
fattier of Koiko, t.iuro and >tevo Toraano-
vich cousin f s:ane ' liccevtcu. »nd uncle of
Bositka .Mar.eh ana Nene Itadonich. a ua.ive of
Bocke dl Cattaro, Ueuovich. Auttrla, aired 45
yen-. 9 months aa '■ 1 < das.
jp-Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invitrd to a- i.-n i ..,e funeral THIS hay
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock p. m.. from nls Uto
residence. .*6 Presco.t place, off. Vallejo street,
between >ausomf and Montgomery stree s
thence to the Ruislan church forservlces. In-
terment Russian plat. city Cemetery.
W « VI ?. E ~ ln Saa R a'«M*l. Feurjary 26, 18 »7.
Menitabel Marvin, widow of the late Preserved
W are. a native of Albursh, \ t.. aged 80 years 9
niuiuu. m.d il ,| ar ,, * .
.^?", F . uneral services THIS DAY (Sunday),
at 9 o doa* a. m.. at the residence of her sou-ln-
law, i»r. W. F. Jones Interment at -aina Rosa
upou arrival oi tne noon .raiu.
WILSON'— In. Edn*. San Luis Obispo County,
February -.6. 189 '. Ann, beluved wile of Jura-*
wi.soa, m-itherof John and Frank Murphy aud
James Wilson and sister of Thomas H*xl r,
anuiiveof m.. parish of Temple Port, County
Cavan, Ir-iand, a<od 73 years. I Lowell (Mass.)
pupert Dieas^ .opy.j
Friend* and ncqualntances are resoec.-
full . invited to attend the funeral TOMORROW
(Monday), at 10 o'clock a. m.. from the par-
lors of tne Dulled Unaenakerj. 27 and L'» Klfth
street, ln.er.:n-nt Holy Crms Ceme.ery.
WELCOMK— In this city. F.-bruar- :.»5. 1897,
Mary a., helove.l wife or Ado puus P. Welcome.
: a native or Troy. v. y.. aged 40 yenri 7 months
and 1* days. [New York p.ipen pleasu copy. J
•i" Friends and acquaintances are re.Misoi-
fuliv Invited to attend the funeral THIS D.\Y
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock p. v.. from Pythian
Castle. »09 Market street. Interment Laurel
Hi Cemetery.
KEAL iSTAI'E TRANSACTIONS.
Oeorge D. Toy to Bksrtn s cram, lot on H line
of Oo!(l»n (Jate avenue. 137:6 E of Webster. M
108:9 by .\ 187:StflO.
Caroline H. an<l J nines A. Robinson to John
Tamony, lot on s\v line of Ninth street, IUO NW
Of Kolsom, SW 75 by SW 100: »10.
By I. and Helen j. Hutehinson and Bobmt B.
\\ oodwar.i to C«tbtrlue Ralngpact, lot on W line
»io* Mle street> 95 Bof Thirteenth, 825 by W 90;
T J. and Ellen Bass to City street Improvement
Company, lot on N line of Fifteenth street, 121 W
of Noe. W '.5 by N 115; Slo. .
Patrick Counahan to Matthew Collins, lot on E
J'r ce ° f Monig.mery street, 75 N of Fl bert, N
22:6 by E 56 M: «1200.
« c ° rd l . ?, nd »«ta Wrede tn Hepburn Wilkin', lot
«?v v I "v-, of ho bOm sire-t, t>s bW of Seventh, "^
sx > 8 ' by NW80: »10. i M
Map 2°" S f- UaUs U> Mary J ' Claas ' lot 475, Gift />
ii^ lc^ v ylnn<l to Annie Ambrose, lot on N W
bvl«W 75 tO i ma Btreet> 12 * sw of X) K nth w '^ 5
George TV. bsborn, Ezra F. and Mary L.
n7t "u ll a ,k° John °- Klumii^e.; ot on W lino
nup"«i--« a ,T e ," ue -2a2:2 S of Point I obos ave-
w'linJm VT., 73:10 ' XW 62:4, E 82:9: Sia
TPiinlof vi ierson toKdwurd Mc.rea lot on'
by E 120- 810 avenue ' 100 >of X street. »25
v J «"J I rl*of'(?7 n .^r r *? Rnila M - Clark . Jot on S l'lne of
S 10 jf tlO Twenty-ninth avenue, W 50 by
J« e cf™!t i 2: a °? , Mlnna Kraft to F. Lunnann
fV?r' K llneof Eleventh avenue, 150
»Of N stre-t. N 25 by X l"0 5350
N » t O a E nd T r hinv d m K ann ' lot on RE comer of
57-6^SlO. Tnlrt >-- "t'> avenue, S 100 by E
t^SSil W, 1 ? ( mlnlstralrlx of the estate of
Charles M. I hild* by Gustav Harshall. commis-
-56*24?; l Sso°0 BeP M- StraUSSl lot *«». «ift Ma™ 5.
John Ro (by L. Wadham, Tax Collector in I
O. Klnmpke, ,Ot 8. block 12. .Noe GarUen Home-
stead Union, tnx deed: $2. «<-^»><ien Home-
W. J. Or..y (by Thomas O'Brien, Tax Collector)
to same, lots 2 and 3 fractional in block 24, Pail
Tract Homestead Association, tax deed- $■■ '
Jacob F. and Sallie G. -chemp, Elizabeth M
and Mary E. Greenham. William acnehr and Cali-
fornia l itle Insurance and T.ust Company i or
Henry P. Umbsen. referee) to Susan Gil ("•an lots
3 and 4, bleck 18, Sunny Vale Horn stead Asso-
ciation; $120. a • ABSO^
John O. Klumpke to Bernardina Klumpke lot
11, block 18, itailroad Avenue Homestead Asso-
ciation, being a subdivision of blocks 17, 18 "9
35 and 62. University Mound Tract; rift, " '
diaries J. and Martha A. M. K»ißh!n to James
T. Strand, lot on 8W line of West ave:iua, 160 X
of Patton street, SE 26, SW|l27:6, NWSb:B v
132:», lot 7, block 2, Holly Park Tract; $10.
AI.Aif KI>A COUNTY.
Mary Stnrm to Charles L. Sturm, lot on nw
corner of Eleventh and Fallon stree.s. W SO by N
100, block 166. Oakland; gift.
■Tames a-d Martraret Dorland to John G. Peiler,
lot on N line of Twenty-first street, 51 X of l- ii-
bert, Jf 100 by E 28, block G. Survey of Northern
Addition to Oakland, Oakland Township; (10.
P. H. and M. Jackson to E. Nust.aunier. lot on
W line of Linden street, 60 A' of Forty-third, N 50
by W 90, being lot 2, block 2096. Alden Tract, at
Temescal, < akland lownshiii: $10.
E. Nusbaumer to Union savings Bank, same;
»10. ,
A. W. and Ella A. CVa ; g to Ida O. Ke'sey, lot on X
8 line of Menlo street, 705:55 Fof Park, E 97:81, m.
S 133.92, W 100. ti7. N 130.81 to beginning, bei.ig f^
lois 16 and 16. block B. Gasklll Tract, Oakland-/
Township: $10
G. and Mary Peladeau and Annie Beaudry to
Patrick Anderson, lot 6. block 22. Beandiy and
Peladeau property, Oakland Township: $10.
E. and Mercedes Frledberg to Wilh»lmlne
Hchuliheis, lot on S line of Focty-fourth street,
104:4 W of Telegraph avenue, W 25 by 8 100,
being the X Va of 'ot 22, D ock 2100, McCourtney
Tract, Oakland Townjnlp: $10.
Fred Wild to C. H. Mucloou. lot on X line of
Morion street, 50.36 S of Encinal avenue, S 56.25,
E 125, N 48:4, W 161. to becinnms. being portion
of lois 1, 2 and 3, block 4, map of Pacific Land In-
vestment Company's property at Morton-street
station, Alameda; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Hobbs, Wall & Co. with John F. Riley, brick
and concrete work, eta, for a 2-story building on
W line of Beae street, 275 N of Bryant, T. J.
Welsh arcbl ect: 93060.
O. Falch with C. Schutt. to erect a 3-story build-
im o:i NE corner of Nln teenth and Howard
streets, Martens <fe Coffey architects: *535».
Same with G. C. Sweeney, plumbing and gas-
fitting on same, same architect: $1099.
!>ame wih F. Sciinefer, pal. ting and graining on
same, same architect; $ .
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
Mrs C E Kant lack, Bostn G W V ?mlth, Boston
Mrs Smith, Boston U W Blakeslee, Boston
Ell Mix. Boston Mrs DW BUkealee, Bstn
Mrs Ell Mix, Boston Otto Boston
H J Lefevre, Boston Mrs O to Shan>, Boston
Hrs H J I-efevre. Boston Mrs A 8 Upson, Boston
Miss Mary Upsou, Bostn W H Hill, Boston
Mrs B Silk, Boston Mrs C W Clement, Bostn
Miss J I odg». Boston ilrs J L Know Hoc. Bostn
W M Buitei field, Boston DrCFHi dreth, Boston
J L PicKermg. Bos.on Mrs W Van Steinberg,
Mrs J L Pickering. Bostn Bo ton
MlssGoddard, Boston T F Kearns. Boston
H N Havens. Boston J M Kearns, Boston
Mrs H S Hav.ns. Boston Mi<s N G M.ller, Boston
j Mrs W H Hill. Boston Mary BricKett. Boatoa
' Mrs J Lister. Bos on T U Asbury. Boston
i Mrs W H Miller. Boston Mrs T H Asbury, Boston
\V D French, Boston R i> Mossman, Boston
Mrs - Gurdv, Boston Mrs R D Mossman, Bstn
B Silk, Boston W Itchner. Boston
; M's Itnhnsr, Boston D.J W lleitt, Boston
' C Koorenhan, I oston Mrs J W >leitt, Boston
i Hn C Koorenhan. Bostn Miss MrKenna, Boston
\V C Morris, Hoston Mrs I) ieuueil. Loston
Miss Eva Armour, Bostn E E Brown. Bosu n
J A Sanborn, OaK.and H JacK. San Luis übispo
W II Kingsley, Denver J R Matheny, Chlratjo
A M bchleewer, N V Mrs W Kintjsley, Denver
• L L,averge, Everett H H Pitcher, L vermare
I E Johns m. Alameda X Ba.ileu, Boston
L R i ddy, Boston Mrs X Bartlett, Boston
Mrs L R Eddy, Boston W H Quimby. Boston
Mrs H D Delano, Bouon MrsW H Quimby, Boston
Mrs J Johnston, Boston W D Bracked. Bouon
C F Buck, Boston Blanche Bracket t, Boston
Mrs Griffith, Boston Mrs -Bracken, Boston
Mrs C F Buck, Boston Marg>ret Buck. Posion
Mrs J Griffith, Bouon Miss F sheppard, Boston
S a Crozer, Boston J W Lewis, Boston
D J Folg<T, Boston Mr< Foljrer. Boston
Miss Taylor. Boston '1 M Hewitt, Boston
M L Helsl, Boston Mrs T M Hewitt, Boston
>irs M L Heist, Boston P X Gordon, Aiameaa
Miss Heist, hoston Miss Ada Heist. Boston
I J Miller, Bos. on Emma Miller, Boston
Mrs C J Miller, Boston Miss C Miller, Boston
Mus X Lemon, Boston Miss A Cottello, Boston
; G H Nichols, Boston Miss Gladding, Btos.on
Mrs Nichols, Boston J M Hubley. Boston
FtM ©Mil*, Boston Mrs J M Hubley, Bouon
Mrs H R Green. I oston T \V Uibsor. Stanford
Miss Julia Jones, Boston E Tee, Victoria
J E Green, Boston W Bradley. Victoria
E R Flin , BoHto.i \V J Kel ey, Sacramento
C J Wesson. Boston F Pierson, Sacramento
Mrs EUJ lint. Koston J C Sayre. Philadelphia
Mrs C Wesson, Boston Mrs Sayre, Philadelphia
(i 0 Wrighl, Chi. Hgo "W S Mowell. Kelmont
J T Clasbey. Ls Angeles W Lamme&w.LnAngelea
H Growiaije, > V Jacob Marx, N V
N X Bigelow, N V Mrs W H Osborue, N V
Mrs (J stickn»y, lowa WrjNS Ha. .on. lowa
H B l'alrbank. Mass P L Nazro. Cambridge
C W smith. Boston G F Hmon !s. Mass
F Harvey, Kansns City H J Lefevre, Boston
J F i ennis, iteno Mrs Lefevre, Boston
C X Eastlack, Boston
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J Smith, Suisun J A Collins, Cal
N Jones, Janesville F Jones, Cal
X U White, N V \V Lou. ax, Victoria
T J s. hnldl <fe f, Bolder J Mrs Bailey, Portland
J SweetUnd.Nova Scotia N Long, Charleston
F linos, >rockton W Sherwood. Los Ang
C Jones, Tacoma Miss M Welch, Trucked
T Roberts, Los Angeles Mr Orlffln, Sacto
F Baker, Denver J Johnson, Alameda
M Donovan, England P Conroy, Boston
F Gildea. Yreku X Griffiu. Kansas
T McNamitra, Portland
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL.
T W plckiord, Fresno L Scantleberry, San And;
Mrs Wilson. L is Angels L A Fahy, I'Knh
J Johnson & Uklah J Lawler, Chicago
J Blnn, CaUveras Miss Webbing, Ensr
Miss P Webbing. En? Miss L Wei bin*;, fcng
Miss Macfarlane. Canad F Shlpman. Canada
J Webb. Sacramen:o A Mahe. Wash. D C
D L Morrison, St l.ouls v Frencler. St Louis
F Khan. St L .vis Miss Abetman, Nebr
J i-rlngove, a ii loch R A Curtin, Stockton
C "Allen. Tla Juana W H Walton, Sonora
O*M Moore. >onora P Stein, Philadelphia
P Breede, PuiUdelphla
• .RAND HOTEL. .
' W P Thomas, Ukiah B T Devlin. Sacramento 1
C W Pendieton. Los *ng C B Middleton, Cal »
Mr-. F W salsbury, Pa Mrs 8 - Grimsbee, Mlct)B
11 W Grimsbee, Mich J !•' Burke, San Rafael H
P A Bueil, Stockton .' H Stevens, San Jose r
C Kent, Cal J Hawks, l.os Angeles '
J v Irving, .Sn Andreas Mrs C A While, Los An«
j Carpenter. Chicago Dr I". Daly, Lakevlew. Or
W J Anderson &w, N V Mrs W Andersou&ch.Cal
I II Hlnckley, NY A Poelt, Santa B irb.:ra
;;rs A Borach, San Jose J. Valentine <fe w, Los A.
A Hamper, fc>aclo WS >ell<k, Lancaster
j p Raumgan ncr, Cal Mr- RT Jones. St Johns
H T Power, Sacto P C Morf, Stockton
BALDWIN HOTKI.
D ! wlizer. ?an Jose \V p BarOett, St He!en»
D C Stanley. 1 ivermore B M Biidsall, Oakland
8 Newell. Stic-ktitu H W UolUn> erg, Oakland
C Wil.Umn, Danville J 1; 1 0.1 way, ianvllle
1 J H Drosce, >>» Louis L Harris & w. *-»c:o
W D D ; vis, Sacto P HeTiiessry, Cooi Bay
F 11 Crawford. Chicago J M Vail, Chicago
M Kr.ox. May wards J Abrahamson, Oakland
I" I; suinsell & w, s-acto U w Shurs. Salt Lake
0 .Miller. Sscto H s-oti, Va Ujo
F Cook, Fresno B Chirk. Los -ogees
:"' WtcAVbT"* CALLACHER, ~"*
KONKRAL DiBFOTORS 4 K3IBAI »!' R<,
SO Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 5080.
-M'MkNOMKY. CHA9. MCMKNOMJCV.
JAMES McMENOMK\ & SON", •
U>'l«*iUA'AKJc;itS AND KJIBAL.UtR'J,
iviu'l j>iiB»iun Street, Near h«\«m,ii,
'leiupnuui* ""OUill ;".st. - .
JAS. ENGLISH. T. K. UAiUY
CAREW & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS AM) EMBALM^;*
'FUKKBAL UIKKCTOKS,
JPViiu Ness aye.. ne*r Aiur^c."^, o^a ira,,, ,. /
Telephone ao. loi , -'«» /
F. I . GUNTZ. 11. W. OANTNER. 1
GANTN2R & QUNTZ, I
Funeral Directors and Embalmers. 1
Sand IO CITY HAH. SUUAKE, -
Telephone South 432. ~
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
ti,,.iVJ t , othe . cU y: »ion-sectari:in;ia noseuMa*-
elutlve: location unexcelled. ufilei* vu; Muti
•treet, aouibtau co»«r •• But*.BERKELEY'S
GREAT DAY
The University Celebrated
Its New Pros
pects.
CADETS MARCHED GAILY
AND WELL.
Governor Budd and Many Sena
• tors and Assemblymen
Present.
CONGRATULATIONS VOICED BY
. ORATORS.
Mrs. Hearst Was Addressed by Tele
\ gram as the " University's
Great Benefactress."
- BERKELEY. Cal., Feb. 27.— The K reat
<est celebration ever held at the State Uni
raity took place this afternoon In com
.-r.emoration of the passage of the univer-
sity tax bill through the Legislature.
= o Governor Budd, 117 lawmakers . from
Sacramento "and a large number of other
o visitors arrived in Berkeley at about 1 I
o'clock and were accorded a royal recep- |
tion by the faculty, students and citizens of
the university town. At the station they I
• were met by the student ca ets' uattalion, !
which led the march to the campus. The I
visitors, headed by the Governor, Presi- ■
dent Keliogg. Senator Stratton and As- j
"semblyman Wright, followed the soldiers
along the famous students' pathway to the
• campus, where the artillery of the mili
tary department was filling the air with
. noise and smoke by firine salutes.
Luncheon was provided ,or the visitors
in- Stiles Hall by the Associated women
o students of the- university, under the di- i
rection of Miss C. Barto of the class of '93.
Covers were laid for 250 and every place
was occupied by the visitors ana their
wives, members of the faculty and other
guests of the day.
After luncheon" began the big military
*. demonstration, universally acknowledged
tOoSe one of "the best military displays j
even made by the cadets. The entire i
o battalion was drawn up near the Harmon !
Gymnasium, and passed in review before
the Governor and me legislators.
• he entire* party of visitors wore blue
and gold badges. Around them was one
of the largest crowds ever seen on trie
grounds at Berkeley. Tne weather was j
. periect, and the scene was a brilliant one
as the soldiers bsgan their march toward
. Nor:h Hall, their costumes and weapons j
glistening in the sunlight.
The crowd constantly increased while
' the' preparations, were going on for the ex- j
ercises of the day. Captain Keener, the .
ir.ew superintendent of grounds and bald* j
ings, in the morning erected a new grand
-and on 'the baseball diamond containing
seats fop the speakers of the day ami other
■ • ignored guesis. .
Imirieu Lately in front were several hun
dred seats reserved for visitors and behind
them were the nigh benches that do rcgu
. lar service for spectators at athletic events
•■ on the campus.
The brilliant military spectacle ana the
music of the U. C. band, assisted by mem
. £ bers of the Presidio band, were not enough j
to keep the crowd from a scramble for j
places, and 'long before the time came for
President Kehogg to call the meeting to
order every seat in the big grandstand
• was. occupied and there were crowds of
■ peop'e standing around and unable to
obtain seats.
' • The military review having come to a*
] close the Governor and party of legisla- j
• tors, the faculty and regents, gathered un- !
fler the speakers' canopied stand, which j
. had been erected for the occasion, to listen
to the remarks which were to be made. j
.On the* baseball grand stand, the benches
. and chairs which were placed on the
' ground in the open air sat an audience of j
■•2000 friends of the university, including i
representatives from every class that has i
gone forth from its wails of learning.
. . It was an imposing scene. Everything
had a maniai air about it. Scattered
nere"arnd therethrough the vast throng
wene cadets in martial attire; the National
colors floated to the breeze from their
midst and the canopy under which the
distinguished cuests were seated was
draped with streamers of blue and gold
intertwined with the red, white ana blue.
AH through the exercises the greatest en
thusiasm was displayed by the audience,
particularly the students, who frequently
rent the air with their college yells and
dee p-sound'ne slogans.
Every speaker was lustily cheered, more
especially those who had been directly
connected.with the passage of the measure
which .has increased the revenue of the
union. Two men the mention of
■whose- names elicited much enthusiasm
were Assemblyman Howard E. Wright,
jschos.; name the tax bill bears, and Senator
IFred S. Stratton, who was also grently
t:.:-trumental"in the passage of the law.
•*ls Assemblyman. Wright came to the
nlaiform tie chorus rang out, "What's
the matter with* Wright? He's all right,
• you bet — every time. Who's all right?
: Wright."*
in the fctfeech of Regent Iteinstein he
made reference to the student labor move
noen.t of a year ago, and just at the cli
xnaticpo'.nt in his allusion to the work a
'„ shrill "We will!" rang out from a thou- ,
sand throats. It was "We will" that the j
students sirouted on the memorable day
when Mfcsd by Regent Re^nstein if" they
would take'off their coats and with pek
and ohovel smooth down the flinty hil
locKs on the campus and build a new en
trance to the grounds.
Those w-io were called upon to address
the assemblage by President Kelioge,
who officiated as chairman of the exer
cises, weie: Pre<i >ent Elston of the Asso
ciated Students. Professor ' William Carey
Jones, President W.liiam R. Davis of the
Alumni Association. Regent Reinstein,
A sernblvnian Wright, Senator Ktratton,
<rove*rrior Buda, State Superintendent of
f"-f hoois Samuel T. B.ack and Dr. Joseph
Le ( onte.
The order eiven io tLat in which the
Speakers came to t c platfo-m, the
"tiudent graduates having been given pre-
e *.cedence over the Governor, legislators
'ana professors because the celebration
*as essentially a student*' affair, as it in
they who are reaping the real present and
j # diren beneht o' the new law.
Lis introductory remarks, President
Kcilogg said:
JH his is indeed a glad day for the university,
't vie friends of tne University of Calliornia
.*| •; 01 higher education. It is fitting that we
b» uid meet here to-dny to celebrate and ihai
tXcoriein of these festivities should be in tne
.Tiniversity itself. Tne studnts are nearest o(
all to the er>"d which the S ate has ~een fit to
b. su>w upon its university, and it is they who
have;tak.-n the iniiiative in this celebration.
The object! of education are the young men
.and women of our Stale, who here prepare
themselves for future u^eiuluess and aervice.
Theinstitution has recently been in a pe
culiarly straitened condition, as may be seen
from the last biennial report; but tae people
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
of the Stnte have heard our appeal, and have
decided that the tituation shall be improved.
Their assistance jias been most unieiy.
After inviting those present to look
over the "rounds and o visit the build
ings after the exercises. President Kelicgc
introduced President Eision of tbe Asso
ciated Students, v. ho spoke as follows:
We are indeed gi«d to meet the friends of
the university face to face upon this occasion,
and to extend to you our gratitude lor your
liberality. The assistance which you hove
rendered us has come in an extremity. All
that we can say to-day is that "We thank
you," but in the future we hope to be able to
say more than this.
We hope to serve you as well as the alumni
here present have served us and served you.
We ook forward to a troup of noble buildings
on our most beautifully located campus, to a
large teaching corps and to a body of students
sucn a- equal Yaie or Harvard or any
other of the great universities of the East.
All this has bt.ll made possibie by the bene
ficence oi the people of the State.
Professor William Carey Jones came
next. He said:
The university stands for the whole round
of education, for tne fellowship of all that is
great and for broad iterary, philosophical,
historical and industrial culture, it stands
for the complete ami i-ystematic co-ordination
of ail the educational institutions of the Siatf.
It aims to be an organic factor of tne whole
Mate's life: it stands for character— character
in our young men and women; honesty and
ride.ity. To Governor Budd and to the Legis
lators of Culiioroia. the university renders
thanks for your beneficence. May the uni
versity in its li:e and work be to you a tource
of eternal comfort and satisfaction.
William R. Davis, ex-Mayor of Oakland
and president of tiia Alumni Association,
said:
The public-school system in the United
States is the greatest source of blessing to its
citizens of sli its institutions, and the bul-
irk of the public schools are the universities.
This day is the crowning and cv minaliug day
of ihe greater usefulness and greater destiny
of the University of California.
The cities about the bay are the wheel of
Western civilization, viih berkeiey as the
hub. From it I see a civilization, branching
out in every j direction .ike tne medullary
rays from the heart 01 a tree-
Repent Reinstein began bis remarks by
referring to the condition of affairs at tne
university a year ago, when, its financial
tide was at its lowest ebb.
To-day its financial condition Is better than
it has been in its entire history. It is a year
ago almost, to a day that the students assem
bled iv a battalion in iront oi North Hall to
consider whether they would iurn.sh the phy
sical strength to make the t>uildings and
grounds presentable. You know how they re
spouded. (Loud chorus of "We Will !")
It seems that the first gun of the reforma
tion was Bred by the students.
The suggestion of shoveling the earth on the
campus came from the students themselves.
Tnej were two freshmen, McLaren and Web
ster, who put the idea into my head. It was
by their seal, their energy and firmness <<f
purpose when they begun the leveling of the
roucb p'.nces on the campus that their charnc
ter was - hewn to the j eopie of the iftate, and
f\e ante in turn rewarded them for their
good works.
Assemblyman Howard E. Wright, amid
loud applause, took the platform and in
:i lew well-chosen sentences outlined the
progress of the 1 per cent bill from its
origin through the Legislature.
"Talk about your enthusiasm at BerKe
ley," said he, "the old Capitol at Sacra
mento latrly rang wilh shouts from those
who had worked night and day for the
passage of the bill."
Mr. Wright announced that the Gov
ernor had signed the bill this morning in
order that its lile as a law might date from
the occasion which the students were cele
brating. He had with him the blue and
gold pen with which the bill was signed,
and which he said he intended to present
to the regents and faculty to be placed
among the treasures of the institution.
Senator Stratton spoke at some length.
He said :
While we stood up and fought for the meas
ure, it was not because it was .Berkeley merely
thai we wished to see improved, but it was
from our desire to do all we could for higher
education in general. ••<<<•
Governor Bud i then said:
Twenty - four years ago I received my
diploma from tnis institution. To-day I
Biand under the same Fk •, on the same
campus, aui see about me a mightier ana
more powerful institution than my most
sanguine hopes of those days could'antici
pate. To-rtaj: lam happy to be the Governor
01 this p;ea. Sime, and to be übie to sign my
name and aelp make this one of the greatest
educational institutions in America.
The university for year* has been hampered;
Its Rrowth has outfeached us revenues, but
finally rescue has come. The universiiy is
now known in the North, East, South and
West, and all of us who have been In touch
with it cherish it with our kindest feenngs.
When a graduste beanie Governor of the
State, had him^e.i become a regent, and had
appointed as reeents two other graduates, the
institution was bound to take a stride forward.
Later, wnen « noble woman s epped lorward
au<! offered $750,000 for its improvement, its
success was assured.
The university will never be compelled to
the Legislature again. It has now pro
vision for all time.
ctate Scbool Superintendent Black and
Dr. Joseph Le Conte also spoke. The lat
ter said :
I feel ift my duty to join with the students,
faculty and friends oi the university in re
yHdnft. One of the great functions of a uni
versity is to create that kind of politics which
will better the State and be consistent with,
the highest moral sentiments of the peocle.
If the State will cherish the university we
stand pledged to do all in our power to sup
port it and to bring It to Us highest standard
of excellence.
The following dispatch was sent afier
the exercises:
-Vn<. Phoebe A. Hearst, Washington, P. C:
The University of California, represented
by the Governor, Senators, Assemblymen, re
gents, faculty, graduates and students, cele
bratine on tne campus the recent university
legislation, send greetings to its great bene
factress, and join with her in joylul anticipa-
T»°si'« , the " r '< T 'TMiy's great future: J. H. s
Budd, \\ llliaxn T. Jeter. Frank L. Coomb*. Mar
tin Kellorg. William K. Davis, Howard K.
aright, Fred B. Stratton, J. a. Elston, J. is.
Keinstem, William Carey Jones.
The Senators who attended the celebra
tion were:
t> F. S. Stratton. J. L. Beard, Edward I. Wolfe,
P. L. Henderson. •
As-ci.it.iymeu-W. Strain. A. W. Hill, E. D.
?tt?«^i r ra » k " ou Khton. F. D. Soward. PR.
nptti w' v s » "'^<l- A. W. North, A. Caml
1c Price, John \V. Keeean. A.den An-
M er c a nav C n O n U i"-T En ?- is - L " v - Lan'dtborouzh.
tin C Da 7p n< A - L - foreman. Charles W. Aus-
M D j£\& T°P U^ a ' E - F Lac y- Job " Allen, H.
:i or U' i? Tr . ea ". John W. Power, George
Un H, nrV 1 v ra < : ' k h «°ey, Lawrence J. Do
lioi n?™ r " E - , one3 ' Bi ßmund M. Bettman.
G«riT J W^nW f ? yau ' v ''Jl»«m H-
L^J, J H. H.- 'SS: II • E^Wri'/h? 1 ? C Sffi
ce u hou • t sa^w*3sasE John
E.liott, T. G. McCHndish, C. F Rubeli \V G
&L.a%i£d* w: rss j j iss
William Mead, L. H. V.len tine li w rhrnn
weth, F. T. Llndenberger. \VVR!'Goy. ' T
Kxtrnvaganza by Student*
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. *~ _ »T n
Kokopo." the extravaganza prepared and
presented by university students at the
ilacdonough Theater to-night, was a suc
cess. The piece was given in San Fran
Cisco oil Thanksgiving day, but has been
mncu improved. The house was well
filled and bouquets were plentiful. The
east was:
Qu»en Yo Yo, Joe Rosborough; Jib-Jab
as.rolojrer to the Queen, I)p«;,i h. Gray-
Swaiem, Lord of the 3 ipper, WMiiarn Russell*
iin< hem. Lord of the < inch, Walter A starr :
Kabb*. Lord of the Leisure Hour i>u'<Uev
]>can; Gyp, the court jester, Wti.Jam Smith-
Ucie, secretary to the Queen, H. B. Quiniin'-
Leonora, daughter of the Queen. Fred X iicht •'
Ethel, (laughter of the Queen, Henry brizard'
Genrud'-. daughter of ihe Qaeea, Cyril Wis>
more; Dix, daughter of the Queen, Ben
BflJtewell; Troub idour, Otto We. le mover; The
Legit, Sterling Carr, and the castaway come
dian, Alexander Rosborough.
Pardee Will Contest.
OAKLAND. Cal., F^b. 27— The Pardee
will contest came up in Judee Ogden'B
'Otirt thi- morninc and tie made an order
permitting: the test monv of Dr. and Mrs.
ii. P. McLaren to be taken by deposition.
Ttie witnesses reside at .he Old People's
Home in San Francisco, where the deposi
tion will be taken. The testimony is de
sired by the contestant, Mrs. Emily Par
dee.
The crown worn on state occasions by
the German Emperor weighs exaciy three
pounds.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1897.
PERILOUS TIMES
FOR CANDIDATES
Frightened to Look Ahead,
Sideways or Even
Behind.
A Campaign on Issues Thai
Ba fl? the Diplomacy o r
tbe Keenest.
The Anti-Saloon Campaign to Ec
Made To-Day From Many
Pulpits.
Oakland Office Pan Fkancisco Call j
908 Broadway, Feb. 27. )
These be perilous times for candidates.
They are at a loss what to do. Prior to
all elections candidates are in more or
less of a quandary, but never belore have
municipal candidates been required to ex
ercise so much diligence and care with re
gard to "propriety."
So many issues have been raised, bo
The Three Men Whom the Republicans of Oakland Have Nominated for the Executive Branch
of the City Government.
many indorsements made, and bo much
requiring diplomacy baa been injected
into the campaign that wise, indeed, is
the man who can retain ail his friends and
make no new enemies during the coming
week.
The candidate hesitates to be seen near
a saloon or in the vicinity of a church
building. He must not walk down thu
street with a banker, neither must he
walk by himself. Although he i- pursued
all day and a large portion of the night
by people selling tickets to church fairs,
masquerade ball-, benefi: entertainments
and various other ways of raising money,
he must purchase fr<m all, yet he must
not let the masquerade ticket-vender
know that he bought half a dozen tickets
to a church fair, or vice versa.
The candidate is a hounded individual
and it takes Him all his time and in
genuity (o be careful that tbe right pack
is after him. A false step in this direction
mieht be fatal. Birds of a feather flock
together, but theuulucky candidate is now
wa. king »he streets of Oakland trying to
make it appear that his plumage i 3 en
tirely from one flock and at the same
time struggling to create the impression
that he is bedecked with f»athers from
every flock, so that he can feel at home
anywhere.
To-morrow noon the candidates will
meet the if unit ipal Labor League. This
league 13 composed of bona-hde members
of trades unions and the president, CD.
Rogers, is one of the most active union
men on the coast.
"We are not taking any hand in poli
tics," said President Rogers to-day, '*ex
cept in so far as they concern our work.
We want t>> see a Council elected that will
ait intelligently and inaugurate a system
of improvement, and for this end alone
are we taking a part in this campaign.
We made no nomination for Mayor, be
cause there are at least two candidates fa
vorable to the league, and eitner is a good
man. For the Council we have made
some indorsements, all of whom wo be
lieve are favoranle to labor."
The anti-saloon committee of fourteen
Issued a manifesto to-day consisting of
ten sections. It nets forth reasons why
the saloon should be closed, and assures
the voters tnat there will he no hasty
action by the Council, even ii the ma
jority shall favor shutting up the saloons*.
One of the sections reads: "Let no one
fpar that if the saloon is voted out tho
Council will immediately pass rash and
unenforcible ordinances. If in sympathy
with the affirmative vote of the pecpl
they will, lifcc sensible men, proceed con
servatively and firmly. The saloon power
in joiitics in this c:iy would be effectively
broken. Indeed, no overmastering neces
sity of statesmanship or of politic* or of
business afj'i social life mak-'S the saloon
an i!id*'U'iiHiblc? and permanent iQMtituiion
in our civilisation."
From many pulpits to-morrow the fight
against the saloons will be carried on.
Rev. Dr. Ellis at the Centennial Presby
terian Church has chosen for his subject:
"The Christian Citizen and the Licensed
Saloon."
Rev. S. S. Palmer will preach in the
evenii'g at Brooklyn Presbyterian Church
on "Oik. ami's Opportunity; Shall the
Open da 010 Shut Up?"
Dr. K. F. Coyle to-morrow evening will
speak at the First Presbyterian Church
on the subject, "'Down With the Saloons."
At the First Free Baptist Church Rev.
Philip Grail will present a prelnde in the
•morning/on "The Si^niLcance of the
Present Temperance I-sue."
Dr. E. S. Chapman of the Markel-stTet
Congregational Church lias chosen "Pin.
verize toe Saloou" lor his 1 evening sub
ject.
The congregation of the First Christian
Church to-morrow night will hear Rev.
James Small speak on ''A Crime Against
Our Na.ion, or Shall the Saloons Go From
Oaklanl?" * * •-:
Rev. C. H. Hobart, pastor of the First'
Baptist Church, will sneak in the morn
ing on the subject, "Faith vs. Jericho,
and Votes vs. Jerry & Co." '
"To let be or not to be, that is the saloon
question," is the subject on which R v. C.
K. Hill will lecture to-morrow evening, at
the Tenth-avenue Baptist Church.
A mass-meeting of men will be held
Sunday afternoon in the auditorium of
the Y. M. C. A* building, to discuss the
*nloon question. Addresses will be made
by Rev«. Dr. Knmraer. Dr. Coyle, C. H.
lioou: i, James Small, Dr. Chapman and
other-*.
Next week the comraitt.ee of fourteen
will inaugurate a house-to-house canvass,
and on Monday afternoon at the Fust M.
E. Church there will be a meeting of
ladies to further tne anti-saloon campaign.
WATSON'S WOES.
Forced to 1 ell the Couit How Ue Spent
J£»ery Cent of His
Money.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 27.— W. S. Wat
son of Alurueda, whose divorce case was
tried two weeks ago, was before the court
to id morning to explain bis financial con
dition at the time of his wedding. Mrs.
Watson, wants the household furniture
and the husband contests on the ground
that the property was bouent before
marriage and with his own money.
Watson testified that at the time of the
marriage he had about $1850 in cash. By
a series' of questions >.c W«u quired to
tell how much he paid lor his wedding
suit, how much lor carriages, what the
ring cost, how much the furniture cost,
and similar tr.lles. This was kepi up
until the noon lecess, and as there was
still a portion ol the money not •tccounted
for at ttiat time, the matter was continued
for another week.
NO HOPE POR THE PAIR
Oakland People started Too I. ate for
Succcin.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 27. — It is now
deCnueiy settled that the State Fair can
not come to Oakland for tbe next two
years. Yesterday afternoon President
James P. Taylor of the Board of Trade
sent a dispatch to Assemblyman Hart
North statine that two representatives
will ko to Sacramento on Monday morn
ing to push the matter, and if they report
favorably a delegation from this city
would follow.
"It is of no use sendine any one here
now,' said Mr. Nortii to-day. "A Wide
week has b*>en wasted by tbe apparent in
decision of Oakland, "and now at the
eleventh hour they wont to get in and
rush things. Let me explain why this is
impossiDle. Monday, the day -et for the
irnvai of the delegation, is ihe fiftv
s.venli of the session. It would take the
visitors another day or two to report, and
by that !ime thes'atutory life of the ses
sion will have expired. Had they acted
promptly the day we notified them some
thing mi^ht have been done, but now it is
a forlorn hope."
Assemblyman Frank Leavitt views the
matter in v similar way, and does not see
any chance whatever for the Fair at this
Legislature.
A Vinoiug RxcehoriA.
OAKLAND, Cal.. Feb. 27.— The Grand
Jury is to investigate the mysterious dis
appearance of Tom Clark, the racehorse
which Jockey Swift claims was embezzled
from Jiim. Swift missed the animal some
time ago, nnd has been trying to locate
him, but has met with no success. A cita
tion for an important witness was issued
?ome time ago. but it could not be served,
usthe witness had disappeared.
Two liuiines* Kail urea.
OAKLAND. Cal., Feb. 27 —Two busi
ness firms failed to-day. Sea ray«« & Fin
tiigan, doing business on .Broadway as
shoe-dealers, were closed .by the Sheriff on
an attachment of $4000.
Th« Ce-itral Hardware Company on San
Pabl.) avenue was closed on an attach
ment of $3600.
BlHIHIISillllffllllliilBliilil'" . '"'SSEi^^ ■
g THE BEST KNOWN REMEDY^ I
$ / ■ ' " FOR J
I QHEUJf ATISM, NEURALGIA, PAINS IN GENERAL, DYSPEPSIA, DYSENTERY, IS
|| It Cholera Morbus, Diphtheria, Sore Throat, Pneumonia, Nervous, Liver and ||
|| Kidney Complaints, Sciatica, Lumbago, Colds, Coughs, Local and General Debility, Oj
Headache, Earache, Toothache, Sickness in Stomach, Backache, Burns, Swellings! %
H Boils, Sores, Ulcers, Colic, Cramps, Sprains, Bruises, Scalds, Wounds, Indigestion! •
1 Skin Diseases, Excessive Itching and many other complaints too numerous to $
g name here. The most skeptical are convinced after trial. '
« Price, 25c, 50c, $1.00 Per Bottle. 1
sifc-' ■'■■.'..■' • ' ; -v .•'--' •■ W-. ■
g J .For ealo by all druggists. The trade supplied by Redington & Co., Mack & Co. and Langley & Micnaels, San Francisco.
fFor ealo by all druggists. The trade supplied by Redington Co., Mack Co. and Langley & Micnaels, San Francisco. %%
L. Caliisch, Wholesale Agent for the Pacific Coast, San Jose, CaL S
SORRY THE SHOT
DID NOT KILL
Wish of a Hotel Burglar
Who Was Stopped
by a Bullet.
Did Not Know far Several Min
utes That He Had Been
Punc urel
Capture cf aa Eariy Morning Tbief
in the Kitchen of the
M tropole.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.)
908 Broa.iway, Feb. 27. j
A burglar was shot this morning in the
Hotel Metropole by Police Officer Henaer
■on.
About 3 a. M. the night clerk, A. T. Fin
nev, i card a door iv the ba-ement -queak
in- and went to investipate. He saw a
m in cronctiing on the steps leading to the
kitchen. Finney struck a match to see
who it was and the man shouted, while
Finney stepped to the door and called
Officer Henderson, who was ju-»t at the
hotel stejis making his periodical rounds.
As soon as he saw the officer the burglar
started to run through the titchen, ana
the policeman fired a shot at him, the
bullet entering i.is hip. The burglar sat
down, and while Henderson went for the
patrol wagon he was left in charge of Mr.
Leffingweli, a boarder at the hotel, who
had heard the disturbance and rushed to
the hall.
Lelh'ngwell stood guard over the burglar
and was almost scared into a fit when his
prisoner suddenly jumped ut> wMi a yel!
and exclaimed. ''I am shot!" Leinngwell
made him sit down, but the burglar per
sisted in asserting that he had been shot,
and an investigation showed that the bul
let had entered his flesh.
The fright, ned thief had sat still for two
or three minutes before the commanding
nre ence of Mr. Letfingweil and was so
awed that lie di 1 not realize he was shot
for several minutes. Wnea the patrol
wagon arrived the burglar, who gave the
name of Elmer L?tterel , was taken to
the Receiving Hospital, and after the bul
let was extracted* was sent to the City
P ison.
The prisoner said be came Irom Mon
tana and is a paper- anger by trade. He
beat his way to this ciiy from Port Costa
on a freight train. "Friday niebt." be
said, "I found the basement door of the
house next to the hotel unlocked and I
sl'pton some sacks. I looked through a
skylignt into the kitchen of the hotel and
everything looked so cozy and warm that
I thought I would go in and get a cup of
coffee. I didn't break anything to get in,
as the skylight was open. I got into the
kitchen all right, but I heard a noise and
trie.i to hide, and it was tnen that the
night clerk found me. The shot 1 re
ceived might have killed me, and I rather
wish it had. There is 00 chance for a
stranger to get work around here and I
can t see what is to become of me."
Letterell says thai the .unniest thine he
h;'S seen for a lorn: time is the manner in
which the night clerk ran away from those
stairs as soon as he said "boo" to him.
ASSERT THiiY AHE SPIES.
Two Men Caught a ul Beaten by A. P. A
Council Members.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 27.— The Oakland
Enq lirer tv-night publishes a >tory in
which it is claimed that two alleged spies
upon A. P. A. secrets were caught and
punished. The Enquirer says:
There was a very «'xciti ns time at the meet
ing 01 A. P. A. Council No. 17 last, evening.
For some (lone past the San Francisco Moni
tor, Rev. Yorke's paper, has b-en publishing
an account oi the doings ot the various A. P. a.
couuc.ls in Oakland, and despite every pre
caution the ro.t of members anil proceedings
o- one council after another became pubau iv
this way.
In some manner it was learned that a ceriain
man and hi.-- partner were responsible ior tn«
lenk. Tht-y t>uth professed lo be connected
with an A. P. A. publication in Sau Fri»n-
Cisco a d visited all of the councils in the
City. Thu pub.jshfd statements in theMou;
tor grew 10 be a regular feature of the paper.
Matiers finally reached a point in which the
organization was excted with indignation,
and started on a hunt for the offenders.
Tiie man in ques.ion with nis friend was at
Council So. 17 last evening, ami were at once
accused of beiug Fahi>r Yorke's spies. In
their possession was fnun>l .he membership
roll of Couucils No. 2 and No. 51, besides other
papers which ii vtus claimed no members had
any right tv nave in their possession While
puneying as to what to do with the men, one
ol them nia;;a ,e Ito siip out of the room and
escaped.
The alarm was given and a big posse set out
afti-r him. His i.ur>urrs assert the man made
a b:>e .me for the convent of Our Linty of the
Seed Heart; but th< y overtook him, and he
was drapgtd back to the hau ana handled
quite roughly.
Wiien the hall was reached both men were
given a sevre bea iiig and escorted to the
train and shipped to San Franc sco with a
warning never 10 return on pam of death.
Someday the men were in such a couditiou
that they may not recover.
Tee su^peci.it is said, has had r room ir.
West Oak. and for some time, but has never
been seen torn ng otu the trrnit way. He was
a visitor to louncil 23, near by, and it is
thought he is the me who furnished the
Monitor with thai m nibership roll published
in last week's issue of that paper.
Little Joyces Recovering.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 27.— The three
little children of Mr. Joyce, who were
poisoned at West Oaklanl yesterday, are
fast recovering. The mystery of the
poisoning is no nearer sniution than be
fore, and Dr. Crowley will not cive an
opinion until h- has analyzed the crack
ers the children ate.
Ke liter Sent to an Asylum.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 27. — William
Il"Uter, the old man who walked out of a
>e< o')'i--torv window at ni'dnicrht. was
NEW TO-DAY.
SEE IF YOU
StE IT.
ROWN
I ITT
[i 1 1
■ffiESES.- AT FACTORY PRICE !
Made at our factory — never out of our
factory.
You may have only one at
$2.90.
It's a beauty — comfortable
and the proper thing for the
home.
CALIFORNIA RATTAN WORK?,
745 and 747 Mission Street,
t Between Third and fourth.
SAN FRANCISCO.
Prompt Attention to Mail Orders.
e&H These tiny Capsules are superior]
IrV to Balsam of Copaiba, /^""^\|
b A 1 CubebsorlnjectionsandfMlDf I
ltd CURE IN 48 HOURS \!iy
Iwi the 6ame diseases without
inconvenience.
, Sold by all druggists.
S'^£s&Bis3toZ*i-lB r>ic «5 la a uon-poiaunou&
<ZmSBP^!Z?r&& «?n»edy for Gonorrhoea,
r tCKKs^B 2- le «t. *>«rmatorrha>a,
Mv in l to a diTi.^a Whites, unnatural dis-
JJW Ooannteed V charges, or any inflamma-
/fCbW int to itrtctnre. "" tion, irritation or ulcera-
gj-^Pr»venu eonujlon. tion of mucous mem-
KSITHEEvANSCHEHIcnCo. Cranes. Non-Mtringen-
\^^ClNClNNATl,o ■ | Sold b y I>rnjcg-Utf ,
y&ISsL. \j. S. x. 5S§l ? sent in plain wr-ppe-
i >y -J e:x J >re! ' B i Prepaid, f-s
'SKnV^l IV 00 - or 3 bottles,
__J^*^^^V ■ Cixcular sent or » tnast.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
great Mexican Remedy: gives Healta and
Btreujfta to the Sexual Organs.
Auction Sales
J. I. Ml'TilEß, AUCTIONEER. \
Office— 632 Market Stree:.
WILL StiLL JIDSOAY, MAKUH 1, 1897
Comm^nclnj at . 1 a m., corner of Howard and
.Nineteenth slrctts,
A very tine and extensive stock of fresh Staple
»nd Fancy (Jioc<-rles. Wines, Liquors, Cigars,
Coffee, ml Tea, < offer- mill, trains and t-lxtures;
aiso the lurnitura of imr rooms. All must be
sold Oi account of tit- par ure . .No reserve.
brought before the commissioners to-day
add committed to Stocktun. He had been
demented for a couple of months, and
once tried to murder his son with an ax.
It was necessary last night after taking
him to the hospital to keep him strapped
down. .
Objects to Election Officers.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 27.— William
O'Br en of the Fiist Ward has stated that
Ihe election officers in ii is district are in-
eligible under the law. He claims that of
the thirty-two appointees only twenty-
two are on the assessment-roil, ami that
two others have been rendered ineligible
for other reasons. He says he will enter
an official protest before the Council.
Given 1 wo Thousand
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 27 —Susie Grant,
who brought suit against Dr. J. P. Sars-
field for $20,000. was awarded one- tenth of
that amount by a jury this morning. It
took them rive hours to arrive ai a de-
cision.
KEW TO-DAT.
GlSlPli
To THE Editor : I havo an absolute Cure for
CONSUMPTION and all Bronchial, Throat and
Lung Troubles, and all conditions of Wasting
Away. By its timely use thousands of apparent-
ly hopeless cases have been J>ermcmently cured.
" So proof-positive am I of its power to cure, I
•will send FREE to anyone afflicted, THREE
BOTTLES of mv Newly Discovered Remedies,
upon receipt of Express and Postoffice address.
Always sincerely yours, S£AS|
T. A. SLOCUM, M.C., 183 Pearl St., New York.
When writing the Doctor, please mention this paper.
\\ )K|i|^^ lnd TUMORS
|aR 2H^^ >o Pay Till Cured I! J
fiOpaire hook frer with
liHSPK>>»S?»?*£! home testimonials of many
H^^ Wunderful Cures -wo rs t
H9|^^^^k P' ac «-Women's Breasts
\6f&ce, 719 Market St.*
Send to Someone with Cancer
THE
WEEKLY
CJILL
d/ It Publishes the Cream of ths
gj News "of the Week and
=>< MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
J. ORIGINAL FEATURES.
*J IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
°\ PAPER ON THE
©/ PACIFIC COAST
li Always Republican, but Always
~i Fair and Impartial in Its
i °\ Rendering of the Po-
o l litical News.
:o) It's the Pap^r to Send East a
I 3 You Want to Advertise
~1 . California.
3~~ \ ~ / ■
J The Best \ / Mining
Telegraphic \/ News That
°> Service on /\ x Is Accurate
I&\ The Coast / \& up to data
3/ \ .
i°{ Not a Line of it Sensational
j©C or Faky, and Not a Line of
loc it Dry or Uninteresting.
5 A PAPER TOR THE COUNTRY FIRESIDE.
Of Bright, Clean, A Champ-on of I
1 Thoughtful. Truth. . .
3 A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
j ■j ALL THE TIME.
I 3 IT ADVOCATES SENT BY
J HOME v MAIL, $1.50 : '
O< INDUSTRIES A YEAR.
3 THE CALL SPEAKS FOR /OX
1516
MANY ACRES
TAKE WINGS
All Blythe Lands in Mexico
About to Bs For
feited.
CONDITIONS OF GRANTS
NEGLECTED.
The Los Algodones Ranch Al
ready Lost to the Big
Estate.
GENERAL ANDRADE ACQUIRES
THE TRACT.
The Diez Government Preparing to
Confiscate S x Hundred Thou
sand Acres More.
The news comes from Mexico that a big
flice df the holdings of the Blythe estate
in that country has reverted lo the Gov
ernment, and that the. remainder of the
Mexican property is in imminent danger
of .' forfeiture. The trouble, so it is said, is
due to a failure on the part of Blythe and
his heirs to colonize the lands according
to the terms of the original grant.
In all (he Blythe possessions in Mexico
comprise about 1i40,000 acres. The greater
portion ol these are in the western part of
t n e rotate of Sonora, about eighty miles
south of Vumii, with a frontage on the
Golf of California. On the western bank
ol the Color.-ido River, near its entrance to
ihe Gull o: California, the millionaire had
a tract of 19,31) hectares, equal to about
■4\ooo acres, known as the Lo* AJgodonea
ranch. Tiiis tract is within the jurisdic
tion of Lower California and is no longer
a portion of the Blythe estate, but the
property of General Gu.llermo Ani.rade ol
this City.
The original grant to Blythe was can
celed Ly the Mexican Government about
a year ai:o. (leneral Andrade purchased
the property shortly afterward for $10,000
in Mexican money, at the rate of about '20
cents an acre. Tue tiecl of the transfer,
which has just been recorded at Ensenuda.
is 'dated June 20, 189& The hind nits
hitherto, b; special agreement with the
rep_restf.n tut i vps of the Blythe estate, been
assessed at ti cents an acre for tax pur-
Gentral Amirade, in addition to
the Los Algodones ranch which lie has
recently acquired, already owns about
TiJO.OOU acres in the same locality. These
possessions streicu about the head of trie
if California, eastward into the State
ut Souora.
The Biytbe tract of 600,000 acres in this
State i.- about, it i? said, to follow the fate
of the Los Al^odones ranch. The land j
■war granted man y years aco to Blythe and ;
Anarade on the condition t>>at the hinds
should be colonised. No attempt was
ever* made to carry out this part of the
agreement — probably for the reason that
its rie w owners found that ihis was a bg
■per job ttian they had bargained for.
When the litigation over the millions of I
:he deao man began, the appraisers of
the estate, S. P. Middleton. Joseph El- j
d ridge and E. S. Rice, maJe a carefui ex
amination of these lands ana put their
value nl 20 cents an acre. It was the
. oolnion of the executors that they were a
sort of white elephant, and that they were
•■practically worthless lor any purpose
water.
An engineer was employed to pass upon
this matter, and he reported that it was
. impossible to irrigate the tract at
a cost- at all commensurate with
any prospective increase in values.
Since that time the property has remained
as it always was, a bieak and dreary waste
of rocfcs and sand .1 lines.
Some five years ago the Mexican Gov
ernment began to manifest a disposition
to. take back the property. Shortly after
Florence Bly'.he was declared the rightful
heir of the tig estate sue and her husband
paid a visit to Mexico and got a period of
grace with a view of making another at
tempt .to turn the tract to some account.
'Hie Governmeni of Diaz was in a gracious
mood, but no attempt has Mnce been
niade'to fulfill the conditions of (tie grant.
It in probable that in a few da3*s a formal
decree ot forfeiture will be issued and the
lands sola for what they will bring. It is
said that the ia;e Senator Fair was inter
ested with Blythts at one time in this prop
erty, but withdrew after he had become
convinced that as a colonization venture
it would be a bubble.
General Andrade is now in Mexico, and
i: is rumored that hin visit has for its ob
ject the purchase of this big tract. This
• •• • SEW TO-DAT.
<fy *
• / r *^^-*=' When a little one is
J • IT expected in the family how
** »-^-w. .( I lovingly the parents plan
'• together for its future well-
fare. They sometimes even forecast its
education and career. Does this seem
too early to anticipate while the child is
yet unborn? It isn't. The child's des-
tiny has already been partly mapped out
by Nature according to the disposition
1 and habits of the parents. The best plan
a mother can make for the future happi-
.ness of hor unborn child is to maintain
her own cheerfulness and health while
her child's undeveloped being is still a
part of hers. Her health at this critical
period is of tremendous consequence to
the little one's whole future existence.
Every prospective mother will find direct
nourishment, comfort and sustaining
strength, in Dr. Pierces Favorite Pre-
scription. It will maintain her vitality
both bodily and mental; shorten the peri-
od of confinement and make labor easy and
almost painless. It imparts strength and
elasticity to the organs concerned in par-
turition, invests the mother with recuper-
ative 'energy against any after period of
weakness and depression, and aids in the
secretion of healthy nourishment for the
child. It is the unfailing cure of all " fe-
.male weaknesses."
Dear Doctor— Your "Favorite Prescription," Is
the best medicine to take before confinement
that can be found. It proved so with mr. I
never suffered so little with any of my children
. as I did with my !as.t. and she is the healthiest we
ha.ye. When I began your treatment I could not
stand ou mv feet long enough to wash my dishes
. without suffering almost death : now I do all my
housework, washing, cooking, sewing, and every-
thing for my family.
Oakley, Overton Co., Tcna. .
would give Andrade nearly 1,500,000 acres
around the Gulf of California, quite a
princely possession a^ acres go, but as
dreary and uninhabitable a waste as c»n
be found in Mexico.
Andrade was a partner of Blythe in his
Mexican ventures, and was a valuable wit
ness In establishing the claims of Mr 3.
Hinckley to the estate. What ne intends
doing with his contemplated purchases is
a matter of conjecture.
The Blythe estate will not be materially
crippled by t lie loss ot its entire Mexican
holding;'. The estate is worth at least
$4,000,000, the lion part of which is com
prised in the blocK bounded by Grant
avenue, Geary ami Market streets.
In addition to tins there arc tome mines
in Trinity County and SO.OOO acres of land
in San Diego County. L:ke the Mexican
possession the San'Dieto County portion
of the estate is of little value without
water, and thus far no practical plan of
urinating it has been devised. Tne tit le
to this, however, does not hinge on aiiy
conditions to improve it.
Mr:'. Hinckley's attorneys re f use to dis
! cuss the pr mauilities of the loss of the
1 Mexican lio. dingy. It is Known they have
anticipated ihi-i condition of affairs for
some time, and lu*t summer General W.
11. ri. Hart sent : n agent io Lower Cali
fornia for the iniri use of preventing the
j purchase of the Los Algodones tract by
General Andni-.ie. When be arrived at
Hnsenada the transfer had already taken
| place, and since that time no further
i effort has been made to ward off further
) cancellations in Mexico.
SOUSA PLAYS AGAIN.
Gires an Excellent l'ri)Ki;iiimiii That
'Was Warmly Appreciated at the
California Theater.
Sousa, "the one and only," and his
inimitable band rendered a fine pro-
I gramme yesterday afternoon to an excel
lent audience at the California Theater.
To say tiie listeners were pleased goes
without saying, and it would be strange if
j they wen' not, for a San Francisco audi
i ence dearly loves an oncore and Sousa is
the most generous of conductors and
gracefully yields without a protest time
and again. Two encores, three encores;
; the public pimply expec;ed to near every
i one of Sousa's marches at each concert.
t-iius:i was sorry for them when he
i remembered how long it would be before
I they would hear his marches properly
I played again and wished to leave a urate
lul memory of his visit.
Sonsa's marches uave a peculiar influ
ence over the public; they are not all
; alike, yet they are all Sousaesque and
' ensily recognized. It is the rhythm which
■ slrikes not only every ear, but every foot,
: for immediately- bousa music begins an
< impromptu march sets in and the whole
house vibr.ites. Harmouy and melody
; would be ineffective without rhythm.
This is the point in which Sou^a's band
excels, and every instrument is so per
fectly in tune thai the ensemble is quite
exhilarating.
Mi.-s Northrop yesterday sang a soprano
solo from "Lucia," and rendered it quite
nicely when siie forgot her tremolo. Mi«s
Martina Johnstone, th»* viohnisie, played
a selection of airs from Bizet' a "Carmen"'
in a very graceful :m<i artistic manner.
This afternoon and evening Sousa gives
his farewell concerts at the California.
TO MARRY A BURGLAR.
Paul Grave* Although Arrested 'Will
Not lie Forsaken by the Girl of
His Choice.
Paul Graves, alias Milton Berry, a
dudlsh-looking youth, 19 years of age, was
booked at the City Prison yesterday on a
charge of burglary. Graves answers the
THE ALTAR AT ST. PATRICK'S.
description of a young: man who has beeD
committing numerou- d:iyiignt burglaries.
Friday alternoon Graves entered the
residence, 898 Fourteenth street, bat wa<
discovered before fretting tiny plunder.
He was chaßed and captured by Policemen
Jrvine and Murrin. During the ehaaa
Graves threw away a revolver, which was
afterward picked up by the policemen.
Detective Harry Reynolds n»i put on
the case and in Graves' room, 319 Ellis
street, he found a pair of fieldglas-es and
tive silver nut picks, stolen from the resi
dence of Mr?. SchencK, 4342 Twenty-third
street, on February 23. Mrs. Schenck yes
terday Identified the articles and also a
watch and knife that were found in Graves'
pockets when searched.
Graves had also in his pocket a wedding
rinp and he told the arresting officers that
he was to be married to-morrow to the
girl of his choice. He and his mother,
Mrs. Ida M. Seymour, obtained the mar
riage license Friday morning, and his
mother save it to the girl, Anna L. M.
Steen, 19 years of age, who lives at 319 Ellis
street.
Graves' brother got the license from the
girl Friday night and refused to give it up.
Nothing daunted she went to Cuoid Dan
fortli yesterday afternoon, secured a du
plicate and announced her intention of
marrying Graves in the City Prison to
day.
I Acknowledged superior, the Waltz safes, in
{ all sizes. 109 and 111 Market it. , S. F. *
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1897.
TO CELEBRATE ON
ITS SAINT'S DAY
Silver Jubilee of St. Pat
rick's Church to Be
Held March 17.
Magnificent Ceremonies to Mark
the Stability of a Great
Moral Bulwark.
Faithful S?rvic« of Two Beloved
Priests— History of the Progress
of the Parish.
St. Patrick's Church will celebrate its
silver jubilee on Merch 17 with peculiar
splendor and magiiilicence.
Tne event is specially notable, markine
as it will the stability ol an institution of
wide benevolence and consistent well
doing. Under the faithful direction of
Uev. John Maginnis and Hey. P. J. Grey,
the "first, last and. only"' pastors, the
arduous labors ol a peculiarly tuickly
populated district have been steadily
prosecuted. The friends of the church
and the pastors are legion and they will
hasten to co-operate with them in return
ing fitting thanks upon the attainment of
such a memorable milestone in the his
tory of the parish.
At the celebration of the coming silver
jubilee of the church all the magniticen t
ceremonies for which the Catholic church
is so remarkable will be displayed. The
celebration will last three days and wi ll
be of a strictly religious nature. The de
votion will assume the form of a triduum.
Besides the devotional exercises there w ill
be three sermons each day, which will be
preached by weli-known priests of the
diocese.
The Very Rev. Father Frendergast, Vicar
(ieneral of tlie archdiocese, will open the
triduura with an appropriate sermon on
Sunday evening, March 14, and on the
morning of St. Patrick's day the triduum
will be brought to a close by the singing
of the pontifical high mass by his Grace
Archbishop I*. \V. Riordan. The sermon
on that occasion will be preached by the
Rev. P. C. Yorke, the Chancellor of the
archdiocese. A grand musical programme
has been specially prepared lor the occa
sion by Professor bolirmnnn.
In connection with this memorable cele
bration soraethii g of the history of the
steady progress of Bt Patrick's Church
will be of imerest.
On Pentecost Sunday, June 0, 1851, mass
was said for the iir«t "time in the district
attached to St. Patrick's Church. The
first mass was celeorated by Rev. John
Maginnis, who was then the only priest in
the City of San Francisco who could
preach in the English language. As there
was no church in the district at that time
the mass was said in a private chapel.
Three we^ks later Archbishop Alemany,
who had assigned Father Mag:n;iis lo the
district, was presented with a piece of land
on which to build a church, orphan a»y-
lorn, hospiial and Ischoo!. This land was
the nift of M< ssrs. John Sullivan, Timothy
Murphy and Jasper O'Farrell.
Immediately Archbishop Alemany in
structed Father Maeinnis to commence
these buildings. No time seems to have
been lost in doing so, for by September 1 a
temporary building was erected which
served the purpose both of a church and a
school. The school until the arrival of
the Sisters of Charity was under the
sj>ec-.ai Mipervision of~Father Maginnis
assisted by one lay teacher.
Notice was then sent to all the parish
ioners to meet on the first Sunday of No
vember for the purpose of selecting a
patron saint for their new church. The
meeting was according held and the
vast majority of those who came voted
that St. Patrick, "the Apostle of Ireland,"
be chosen as the patron Thus, the
name of the church and the parish was
the free and deliberate choice of the par
ishioners. Ever since then every churcii
in the district has been known as St.
Patrick's.
The church having been built and the
patron now selected, the Rev. Father Ma
pinnis was, by his Grace Archbishop Ale
many, regularly appointed pastor of the
new parisn on December 22, 1851.
There were but two parishes then in the
City of San Francisco, St. Francis' and St.
Patrick's. The parish of St. Patrick com
prised the district bounded by Pine street.
Jolinscm (now Ninth), Mission Creek and
the Bay. St. Francis' parish comprised
the rest of the City.
On July 5, 1862, seven Sisters of Charity
embarked at New York or. their way to
Ban Francisco to take charge of the or
phan asylum, hospital and school. Two
of these sisters. Sister Honorine Goodman
and Sister Mary Green, died ot fever
while crossing the Isthmus of Panama,
the remaining rive— Sister Frances Me-
Ennn, superior; Sifter Fidelis Buckley,
Bister Sebastian Doyle, Sister Bernice
Williams and S;ster Corsica McKey — ar
rived in S«n Francisco on the steamer
Golden Gate on August 18 and immedi
ately took possession of the temporary
residence erected for their accommoda
tion.
They brought a child with them to San
Francisco, me daughter of a soldier oi the
United .States atrmy, who>e mother died
a few days afer the steamer had left
New York. This chiid became the rir>t
inmate of the Roman Catholic Orphan
Asylum of San Francisco. The present
orphan asylum of South San Francisco,
which now carts for i-o many hundred
children and which has since then cared
for so many thousand, began its history
in this very humble way. The school
also counts troru this date.
The district in wtii h St. Patrick's
Church was situated was in those eariy
'lays known by the su/gestive title of
Happy Villey; it 1- no T .v known by a title
which, although equally suggestive, is
not at all a* complimentary.
But although "the orphan asylum had
but one inmate in 1861, in 1854 the num
ber had increased to sixty, and the num-
REV. FATHER GREY, RECTOR OF ST. PATRICK'S.
ber of parishioners of St. Pa- rick's had
very much incroaaed also, and it wa*
thought advisable to build another
church and use the old one for the ac
commodation of the orphans. Accord
ingly, on June 1, 1854, a haw church was
commenced, facing on Market street,
where the Palace Hotel is now, ami on
August I*: following it was opened for
divine service by Archbishop Alemsny.
On March 17, 1855, Bye more Sisters of
Charity arrived in San Francisco in order
to share t!ie laDors of the live who bad
since 1851 been attending ur.auled to the
school and orphan asylum, lister Freder
i<a, who at present has charge of St.
Patrick's Boys' School, was one of the live
late arrivals.
In 18*52 the pastor of St. Patrick's, Rev.
Father Maginnis, being aivauced in years,
and his health failinc, owing to th« many
and arduous duties to which he hud for s >
long to attend, petitioned bis <Jrace Arch
bishop Alemany to be relieved of his
charge, and on June 1 of that year tne
Archbishop Graciously acceded to his re
quest and appointed tue Rev. P. J. Grey
to succeed him. A few months afterward
Father Maginms retire i Id Mount
Joseph's Orphan Asylum, where he died
about two years later.
The church built lor Father Martinis
in 1854 wus for many years capable of ac
comniottatinc all the Catholic* of the
parish, but in 1868 tlio number of Catho
lics became so great 'hat the cluircn was
no longer able to hold them ali. Tnen
Father Grey bought the ground* on Mis
sion str et between Third and Fourth, on
which the pre-ent imposing eJitice stands,
for $40,000. This church was commenced
in April, 1870, and was dedicated by Arch
bishop Alcm.itiy ..n the least of St. Pat
rick, March 17, 18721 Hence it ia that the
silver jubilee, or twenty-fifth anniversary
of its dedication, will be celebrated on Bt.
Patrick's day oi this year.
St. Patrick's Church, which was re
placed by the church known ut present
by that name, was, after the baiiaing of
ihe new structure, moved to Eddy -.treet,
between Octavia and Laguna, wlicre,
under the title of S:. John's Church, the
people of the district worshiped over
twenty years. It was then moved further
west on us way to the cemetery, and for
NEW TO-DAT.
See
'"I '"V"^ s" \ "f*
Perforated.
ovi(lonco M^flmk. I? I l\lll
of superior X^'-'VwßfflsW A^^ [ L yX. jL
quality and is %l|ffl|^^r,
found only on
square'^^^
SQUARE
CIGAR.'^
rinaldo bros. & CO.,
300-SO2 BATTERY STREET, S. F.
the last seven years it has been located on
Eddy street, between Scott and Devisa
dero, having for its present pa&tor the
Rev. Father McGinty. An interesting
history has this old church.
Twenty-five years ago, when the pres
ent church of St. Patrick's parish was
dedicated. Father Grey, who is the pres
ent pastor, had then been in charge of
the parish for ten years. His assistants
at that time were Rev. William B. O'Con
nor, who is now pastor of St. Mary's
Church, Stockton; the Rev. P. Power,
who is at present pastor of St. Michael's
Church, Livermore, and the Rev. Thomas
Larkin.
Since the dedication of the church
many improvements have been made
with regard to its interior. The beautiful
altar which is so much admired by all
who see it on account of iis naturalness
and the wonderful work in the way of
hiuid-carving that is there displayed, was
purchased by Father Grey in Munich
when he made a tour of Europe in 1876.
It cost $6000. The stained glass windows
around the altar were purchased by him
on the same occa^on. These windows
are in themselves unique, being probably
tne only ones in the City of a similar
quality. The chimes or bells, which were
purchased by the late Peter Donahue in
ISSO in Troy, N. V., at a cost of $7000 and
presented by him to St. Patrick's, are tne
only ones on the coast.
In Restraint of 1 emarriaee.
The late Mathlas Eberhart had views of his
own in regard to matrimony— especially so far
as his widow is concerned. In his will filed
yesterday, his $10,000 estate is bequeathed to
Mrs. Bernardine Koerhart, his widow, on the
condition that 11 she remarry, she must give
$2500 to her son Philip when he is -5 years
old. r;
"A HIGH JAVA"
Given by t!io Senior Kranch of the
League of the Cross of St. Paul's.
St. Paul's Senior Branch of the Leacue
of the Cross gave a Hiph Java to its
friends in St. Paul's Hall on Twenty
ninth street last Thursday evening. The
hall had been very tastefully decorated,
and there were covers for 110 people. Dur
ing the evening th-ro was a good pro
gramme of sinking, recitations and
response-* to toasts that were offered. The
manner in which the evening was spent
shows that the young men who belong to
Bt, Paul's parish can enjoy themselves
without the adjunct of vinous and
spirituous beverages. As a result of the
entertainment, before adjournment a
number enrolled themselves as members
of the brancli.
The following was the order of the pro
gramme: "St. Paul's Senior Branch," re
sponse by Thumai Branson; "Our Coun
try," P. Broderick ; "Our Archbishop,"
Rev. H. D. Connolly; ".Leaaue of the
Cro?s," Thomas Lamon; 'Our Young
Men," R. fc>. Shepston; recitation, "The
Drunkard's Dream," Ciiarles Coyne; "St.
Paul's Parish," Peter J. McCormick;
' Company X, League cf the Cross
Cadets." Captain Janie9 H. Reilly ;
"Grand Army of th* Republic." William
Sbepston; "Our Friends," Di. J. L. Leon
ard; Gaelic song, Mr. McKinnon;
•Father Mathew." Rev. Jam»s A. Grant;
original >ong on the Mayor, Mr. Mc-
Donald; "Tiie L:idieV Sergeant Charles
Wilier; vocal solo, Luko Carroll; "Hail
Columbia."
Fire in a B:ikery.
An alarm was sounded from box 79 at 8
o'clock last even in if lor a fire in a frame build
ing owned by J. Murphy and occupied by H.
Fosbunr as a buk-rv. at 1606 Fol«om street.
The blaze, which was caused by an overheated
a veil, damaged thi- f»»H dm>{ m ih • •\ijin of
$150. Tiie loss is cover.'c! by m.-urance.
SEW TO-DAT-DRT GOODS.
FOUR
SPECIAL
SILK
DEPARTMENT!
At $1.00 per Yard.
50 pieces NEW CHECKED
TAFFETA SILKS, different
size checks, all colors, in-
cluding black and white.
At 50c per Yard.
1250 yards PLAID SILKS,
full 24 inches in width, ex-
tra heavy quality, 10 dif-
ferent patterns.
At $1.00 per Yard.
25 pieces FIGURED AND
PLAIN CHANGEABLE AR-
MURE SILKS, all new
weaves.
At 50c per Yard.
950 yards 24- Inch CHANGE-
ABLE SILK SERGE, full
line of new Spring color-
ings.
We invite our patrons to inspect our exhibition of
above goods in our show windows.
TBLEPHONB OvR/ANT 184.
111, 113, 115. 117. 119, 121 POST STR£tf.
FURNITURE
CARPETS
BEDDING
Prices Right,
Terms Easy,
Largest Stock,
Largest Store.
We have on hand a large line of
SUPERIOR SECOND-HAND GOODS
at very low figures, among which
are the following :
200 Bed Sets ranging from $7 00 up
SUO Carpets, a I sizes, from $4 60 up
150 dozen Chairs, each 25c
Skua Be is and Coaches from «4 00 up
Hut Kacxs, from .....$l6O up
Farlorstts, from 17 50 up
SHOWCASES, COUNTERS. ETC.
TWO ACRES OF FLOOR SPACE PACKED
j. zsrooisr.AJsr,
1017-1010-1021-1023 Mission Street. '
516-518-520-522 Minna Street.
Above Sixth.
Phone, Jessie 41. Open Evenings.
An lowa editor was compelled by a serious slegre of dyspepsia
to leave office work and seek relief by travel. Rest and change
helped him " but,' he relate?, " I could find no real relief from the
awful fits of indigestion, which still overtook me at times, until one
day a druggist, at Tacoma, in the State of Washington, recommended
me to try
I did so and in less than twenty-four hours could feela marked
change for the better, and from that day to this I have used them
with commendable results whenever I have felt my old ailment bo-
ginning to get in its wo.x
Opposite Seventh.
j/sa|fj >jj^J j ijtß^A. w U I 11 11 ILU
ON
DRUGS, PERFUMERY,
PATEST MEDICINES, RUBBER GOODS,
TOILET ARTICLES,
FHE WISES AND LIQUORS,
HIGH-GRADE CIGARS,
DO YOU SMOKE?
It's Expensive, But Here's a Snap:
Belmonts, 12Vfec •'«• cut to 100
La Rosa, l2i.^c size cut to 103
Sanchez A flay a. 12i^o alia cut to 10a
El Telegrapho, 12Vfec size out to
General Arthur, 10c straight cut to 3 for 25a
General Burnslde, 10c straight cut to 3 for 25»
Figaro. 5c straight cut to 6 for 25a
Kin* £, 6c straight cut to 6 for Jo«
RETAIL AT WHOLESALE PRICES.•'^^^HEj lived in Placer County, not
' svH'^'* rom where the pretty town of
>HJ^ ; ? Auburn now stands, for it hap
pened many-years ago in the early 'GO's,
and I expect that but few now residing
ihe,re have any recollections of the affair.
Tne .family' consisting of her father,
a miner, her mother and little brother,
•dwelt- in a .small shanty erected under
. cover of a convenient ledge. The shanty
, as a" miserable structure of two rooms,
'l/ut rt held- 'what many a grander dwelling
failed" to contain, a loving household.
The mother lay sick with the fever, ana
Carmen, 'then a girl of 12, performed the
'irudeery of the house. Her little brother,
 a", curly-headed romp of five, was Car
■ een's' great responsibility. The father
\ •was away from early morning until late
at night" at- his work, and so the little
lianas of 12 found plenty to do. In com
"moh -with, the custom of miners, the
i&Uier kept a store of giant powder in the
"house," which in the present case was con
."t'arned in a sack placed in an old box that
■ qtQod by the foot of the bed where lay the
sick • mother. The upper part of the
'.shanty, jinder the sloping board roof.
.."was- utilize as a stowage place for old
dunnage and. rubbish. One night the
..father. was absent in the mine, on night-
TCi\rk. . By "some means the shanty took
iire;.proDably from the cracked and defec
■ : "aaobe chimney. Carmen awoke to
.find- t.hat 'the roof was afire and sparks |
■dropping down.
;."f:pringing up, she loudly cried to ■■
.'aw-aken her-- mother and Tommy, but the
lit tie -boy became frightened and hid his i
■';He"ad Deneath the covers of his bed. Car
■rn"er> sprang to lift him from the bed i
when-she saw a shower of sparks falling j
upon the powder-box. Recognizing the
.6wf-ul danger, she attempted to leave the '
■.child. for the moment and carry out the j
, i o'wjier, but in her excitement she caught I
Jjer"foot in the overhanging bedclothes
fell to the floor, breaking her thigh
' bone.- Unable to arise, the brave girl
'. c?a ; wled to the box of powd-r, and draw
ing herself up, covered the box with her
; l '.ojiy.. The mother had by this time sue
• ceeded in getting out of bed and getting
■ outside the now furiously burn ing shanty, |
and managed to take with her the little i
' boy. The cries of Carmen: "Oh, take
Tommy out, won't you!" turned for a
tihie the mother's thoughts from her
. dau-ghter's danger. The lire had aroused
.some "of the neighbors, who speedily ran j
■to the burning shanty and lent what aid j
they could.. Carmen was discovered and
.removed. Her rescuers found her almost
hidden beneath a mass of burning cinders,
Jiar back frightfully burned. Tender hand's
bore her to a neighboring shanty, where
o all that could be done to alleviate her suf- i
fering was-eagerly bestowed. But human j
aid- came too late. The brave little spirit
i tigered until the following day and then
departed for a brighter land. It was no:
.known until after she had recovered con
sciousness, a short time before she died,
thai she had broken her leg. Her last
words were, "Kiss me, Tommy, dear; I've
paved yoaand I'm so happy."
• -.The world is prone to indulge in hero
.worship. Arid jt is right and well that it
Lthorild do so. For the better qualities
[that goto make up our manhood and
VsoTnanhooa.grow and strengthen with the
exercise of our sentiment aroused in sym
.pathy with heroic deeds. Yet the world
•is apt t© overlook the lesser in its contem
plation of the greater. The girl who on
her homeward journey by way of the rail
road-track discovered a broken rail, and,
taking off Her petticoat, waved it
toward the coming passenger train,
found herself famous because of the cir
cumstance's which placed her act so prom
inently before the public. The press sang
the praises of the heroine and placed her
name upon the lips of the multitude; but
the other girl, who from childhood labored
and slaved to support with the toil of her
hands a sick mother and a drunken father
until when death brought a blessed relief it
loqnd her a woman in years, but past the
realization of; a woman's hopes, was a
greater heroine although unknown.
Noble, deeds are not confined to the
crowded battlefield. The self-sacrifice
made by humble hearts in lowly life, of 'en
yiisung, are fully as noble as are those
acts which performed in the full view of
the worJd hav=> received the plaudits of the
Multitude. Out on the bosom of the Pa-
tic, beyond sight of land iie the Farellon
Islands, a few fishermen's families reside
oh the-lbnely recks. The little children of
'•he fishermen are by their utter isolation
'barred from partaking of the priceless
eritage of the average child, the free edu
cation which crowns the American child
a king. A San Francisco girl, cultured
and" beautiful in feature, but more beautj
lul in heart, gives up the enticing pleas
ures 0/ city Jiving and, takes up her resi
dence upon the dreary Farralones to teach
;he fisher's children. The act has no dra
matic side judged from the sensational
■tandDoint, but it is a most noble deed in
NOBLE DEEDS
OF
UNSUNG HEROINES
all that marks the grand nobility of true
womanhood.
Yet more prominent than even this
stands out the bravery of those heroines,
also of the Golden Gate City, who in re
membrancfl of Him who taught and prac
ticed charity are to-day dwelling amid the
leper colonies npoa distant islands, self
ostracized from friends, save through the
cold mediumship of letters, which are few
and far between. Such bravery is more
than noble, it is divine.
The gift* of Phebo Hearst and
; Mrs. Stanford to mate possible the
! enlightenment and betterment of
their fellow mortals are deeds of noble
womanhood that add brilliant luster to
the fair repu'e of gentle names already
i clothed witn grateful remembrances. It is
j not Ihi province of this short article to
enumerate the noble actions of scores of
i other true-bearted San Francisco women.
: Unsung by earthly poets their heroisms
; will receive recognition in sweeter songs
tunea to ceie>tial harps immortal and
; divinely harmonious. It is but 10 call at
| tention to the fact that, amid the clasii
and cru>h of loud-voiced lame, there runs
a golden strain oj numan melody, sweet
but soft, which needs that the strident
oounds be hushed before the angelic note
is he.ird —
Full many a rem of purest r»v serene,
Thftdark unfaih-jmed cav^s of o.em btar.
White House Etiquette.
When the President and his wife drive
out the President sits on the right hand
an.i his wife on tiie left, says the Illustra
ted American.
If there are others in the carriage.
wbetner ladies or gentlemen, they must
sit with their backs to the hordes. When
Mrs. Cleveland was first married she tried
tne experiment ot placing her mother
opposite the Pre-3. dent and herself in the
THE FINEST TROUT REGION IN ALL THE WORLD
Tp-HE Gualala River region is sur
v'l'.v passed in picturesqueness by no
-j*f(/ otuer section of California. The
river itself rises in the neighborhood of
F.>rt Ross and flows northerly, paralleling
the ocean's shore, until it empties into the
?e3 just on the dividing line between Men
docino and Sonoma counties. It flows
through a country that alternates from
DC uMon.il clearing*, where the dairyman
finds sweet and abundant fodder for his
henls, to a region ciothed in the densest
forests, that have so far been undisturbed
y the wooJman's ax and with a prospect
of continuing in that state until the com
mercial demands for the products of the
redwoods encompass the fall of these
monarchs of forest growth.
The coast presents the saroo character
istics that distinguish the whole line from
San Francisco Bay to Oregon. B.uffs ex
tend along the entire distance. There are
landings, but no ports. The whole aspect
of the country from the ocean is wild and
forbidding aim affords endless vistas of
rolling hills and rocky heanlands, with
the Pacific ever dashing in fruitless vio
lence againit the shore.
From the sea tnese low mountains seem
to be clothed from base to summit with a
dense growth of forest. Tho ciearings are
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 2^ 4591/
the Presidential landau, but the people
laughed at it so immoderately and pro
fessed to think Mrs. Folsom (as she was
then) to be the maid, that it was speedily
dropped. When the President's wife
drives alone she sits in tbe right-hand com
er — the place cf honor.
The lady of the White House cannot
set foot within those splendid houses in
Washington whose flagstaffs mart the
foreign embassy or legation. She could
not go without the President, and as an
embassy or legation is technically a part
of tne country it represents the President
could not co — so that she never sees the
inside of a diplomatic house as long as
she presides at the executive mansion.
Tne President dines only at Cabinet
houses and his wife cannot dine any
inshore and the few landings are not
visible. The aspect is that of a<ouutry
given up to nature entirely, abandoned
and awaiting the advent of settlers to de
velop its unknown possibilities.
He wever discouraging the ocean view of
the Sonom:i coast may bp, a journey
through the region by land affords some
of the most entrancing pictures that can
satisfy even the most jaded of nature's
worshipers.
L ve:y valleys are found, stretching
into the interior, in which some of the
iinest farms in tiie whole fertile county of
Sonoma exist. Tae climate is moderated
by the cool breezes from the ocean, and
the effect upon t lie growth of fruits, for
instance, is shown b/ the quality of the
productions. Tiie peaches, plums and
apples of the coast valley." are surpassed
nowhere for their size and flavor.
Quite as celebrated are the dairy prod
ucts of West Sonoma.
Through every valley and down the pre
cipitous canyons of the range flow the
rivulets and tributaries into the Uualala,
to swell the volume of the parent stream.
These rivulets abound in trout which have
spoited in their cool shady pools for cen
turies, undisturbed by the fisherman.
The valley of Sonoma, encompassed
[ where without him. President Arthur
I dined with Judges of the Supreme Court
| and with Senators, but as he had no
! wife the whole system was very much
simplified for him. The President's wife
may, if she chooses, go to luncheons
where tliere are no gentiemen, or to teas,
i both being regarded as strictly Informal 1
i but the danger of givine offense by accept*
i ing one invitation and declining anotiier
is so great that it is seldom or never
risked.
-• — •> — *
When Morocco's Sultan decides to mar
ry, me whole country becomes shrouded
in gloom, as every subject must contribute
a wedding present. The Sultan is about
to take a second wife and much discontent
is reported.
SPRING SCENE IN PICTURESQUE MILL VALLEY.
round about by the lofty elevations of the
Coast Range, affords every variety of view
that the most exactinz observer can de
mand. A section of unparalleled fertility,
its range of production varying from the
orantre to the hardier fruits of temperate
climes, such broad acres of grapes, plums,
peaches, and apple*, such billowy fields of
grain cannot be equaled in :ili the States.
It is no wonder, therefore, thnt so
thrifty and prosperous a people should
have been attracted by so lovely a spot —
well watered throughout its lenctti ana
breadth, with crops of such abundant
yield as to astonish all who are unfamiliar
with its capabilities.
Though settled early in the history of
the State, there remain at this flay por
tions of the county which are almost as
nature created tnem. This is particularly
the case in that section lying beyond the
summit of the ran^e bordering on the
'coat. There are no barb >rs to speak of,
and approach by the sea is possible only
in exceptionable weather, when the rein
less Pacific calms down and its mon
strous rollers cease their reverberations
for a while. Then small steamers can ap
proach the shore, anrt by means of chutes
extending ft'X) or 600 feet receive their
loads of lumber or merchandise. These
steamers always approach this const
under great apprehensions, with steam up
and in shape for a hurried departure.
Numberless wrecks are chronicled along
this coast, wh eh has been the grave of
many a hardy mariner.
Condition* are favorable on the wostern
slopes for timber growth, which n-alies
here the limit of magnitude and variety.
It ia the ideal home of the redwoods
which for centuries have grown undis
turbed by the woodman's ax. Com
paratively little of the forest area has
been disturbed, and there remain great
BIRD-MUSIC IN MILL VALLEY
Success of the Experiment of Importing Feathered Songsters
From Foreign Glimes
SiVER in Mill Valley, in Marin
J County, beneath the shadow of
ji Mount Tamalpai*. where the great
redwood trees rear their massive trunks
heavenward and the freedom and beauties
of nature abound, the energetic citizens
have attempted an exper m^nt in the im
portation of songbirds with a degree of
success that has attracted tte attention of
other favored communities, which, it i*
safe to say, will follow Mill Valley's ex
ample, and the leathered songsters of
foreign climes will become scattered over
the broad expanse of the State to multi
ply in vast numbers. Were the birds only
pretty to look upon and a pleasure to listen
to their propagation might be considerei'.
in the nature of a luxury, but the greate-t
benefit is the protection which the birds
give by assailing every insect that lives
upon and destroys the plants. Ttie de
vouring caterpillars •which feed upon the
delicate leaves and mar the natural beauty
of the trees are quickly disposed of by the
birds.
The experiment made by the people of
Mill Valley required but a small outlay.
The sum of $_'(>« 90, all of which was raised
by popular subscription, is the total
amount expended by the society, and
through tneir courtesy The Call is en
abled to give the figures and expenses in
more detail. The aviary cost ijfiL 65 ami
was erected on tiie property of one of the
members of the society, Dr. Barkan.
Keeper's fees, seed, manure, provisions
and carriage hire amounted to $27 75. Ten
pairs of skylarks at $4 a j.air, 10 pairs
J forests of these majestic trees to excite the
j wonder of the present generation. The
j occupation of the region is almost solely
: in lumber, though in time to come the
r dairy interest will supplant it. For .lum
bering the country is well adapted, near
! to the ocean and the great markets, while
j th • Guaiala River an.i its tributaries af
ford abundant power for the mill ami
easy . cces* to th? sea. To one unfamiliar
with the means of marketing lumber a
visit to a lumber camp on the Uua!ala af
fords a new sensation. A meander
through the silent forests will* induce re
flections in the most unimpressionable.
There is a majesty, a stillness in the<e
mighty lanes of great trees that is apt to
seriously affect even on^> whose sense of
his own importance la of the most ex
aggerated character. The great teams of
soni6iimes forty oxen dragging one o:
those gr»at redwood trunks to the mill is
a sight for jaded intellects, while the com
munion with the hardy and unconven
tional lumbermen, rough in manners anr<
reckless in speech, is an experience that
opens up a new vista of life. Those who
know least about this venturesome and
hazardous life are the ones who most
enjoy a near view of it.
Aside from the industrial capabilities of
I chaffinches at $3 a pair, 10 pairs thrushes
»1 >S a pair and 10 pairs goldfinches at
$2 7a a pair amounted to $177 50.
The idea df importing songbirds to fill
| the woods about Mill Valley with their
merry warbling w:«.s suggested aboui a
year ajro, and while many favored the ex
• periment few could be found with suffi
; cient courage to undertake the work.
Finally, through the efforts of Anton
Michnliischke, a few lovers of buds came
together for the purpose of thoroughly
discussing the proposition, and shortly
i after this meeting the Society for the Ac
. ciimation and Protection of Singing Birds
! of Mill Valley was formed. Arrangements
j were immediately made for the purchase
! of a consignment of foreign songbirds,
j and Dr. Barkan offered the society the
j free use of hi 9 property on which to erect
j the aviary where the birds could be kept
[ until they had become acclimated.
The membership of the new organiza
tion increased as iniercst in the project
was manifested and the following well
known gentlemen compose the society:
A. C. Hinz, Loveil White, Anton Michai
j itschke. C. P. Runyon, P. W. Marvin,
J Captain Henry Biogham, C. Toohey, Gus
j tav Schroeder, A. Eloesser, A. Roullier,
I Charles MaytrSr., Max Schmidt, Henry
C. Campbell, Eldricige Durbrow, Ernest L.
Hueter. William McCann, Oscar Cappel
man, Prison Director Daniel E. Hayes.
Dr. A. Barkan, J. P. Fitzgerald, Gustav
Marcus, D. C. Gutscho*.
Mr. M elialifschke was the prime mover,
and in the face of discouraging remarks
the Gualala region, the opportunity which
it offers to the person in search of recrea
tion is indescribably fine. The river itself
is a mountain stream feel by affluents from
the purest springs of the highest altitudes,
the very ho lie of the California trout.
Wliere else in the world can more com
plete and satisfying st>jrt be loond for the
angler? Flowing through a country where
the population is comparatively sparse,
these tributaries of the Gualala are rarely
fished. The angler is the master of the
situation. The number of trout that he
may capture is unlimited. He need only
to relate the experience of one day's catch
on ihe Gualala to entitle him to the proud
distinction of the champion prevaricator
on subjects of fish In his club! The Gua
lala is accessible from Cazadero by stage.
Tiie route over the hills is romantic and
varied. The traveler will find th« people
of the region most hospitable and accom
modations excellent. The views were
taken by Charles -Weidner, an enthusi
astic angler, who records some wonderful
catches.
The clothing of the British army and
navy together costs tho country between
a million and a million and a quarter an
nually.
! from people who prophesied ill luck and
' failure, the work of the society progressed.
| During the first week of last November
■ the birds arrived in Mill Valley, there be
ing four varieties— skylarks, chaffinches,
! thrushes and goldfinches. The larks
j could not be caged. They sing only aa
;hey soar and experience has shown that
they are liable to injure themselves in con
finement. They were consequently liber
ated on the open hillside. One lusty male
J took to the wing immediately, being eyi
' dently invigorated by the sunshine and
j balmy air, and having soared nigh aboye
| the valiey burst into song. These larks
| have now commenced to sing and can be
seen hoverine about the valley every day.
A new difficulty confronted the society
; in the shape of the small boy with a pop
j gun- If these lads were allowed to shoot
i at the imported birds the work or" the
! society would have been for naught, and
: so Justice Thomas Fottrell was appealed
to. lie issued a manifesto that had the
I desired effecr, and the dire punishment
i with which the small boy was threatened
i had immediate effect and no trouble waa
experienced from this source. Then the
small boy and the popgun were turned to
advanta.e, for the society offered a bounty
for the scalp of all bluejaya shot in Mill
Valley. These birds not only attempt to
kill the songsters, but rob their nests,
break the eggs and kill the young. To
exterminate them the society proposes to
adopt stringent methods.
After being confined in the aviary since
the first week in November of last year,
the thrushes, go:dtinches and chaffinches
were given ;heir freedom last Sunday
morning. It took almost two hours to
drive the birds from the aviary. For al
most four montus they had been confined
there, and they seemed reluctant to leave.
Tkey flew to neighboring trees and filled
the air with song. Ttie Mill Valley So
ciety's work had been successful.
Frederick. P. RuinrOH.
The JYloVers.
Parting was over at last, aud all the good-bys
had Deen spoken;
Up the long hi.lside the wide-tented wagon
moved slowly.
Bearing ihe mother and children, while on
ward before them the father
Trudged with his gun on his arm and the
faithful house dog beside him,
Grave and sedate, as li knowing the sorrowful
thoughts of his master.
April was in her prime, and the day in its
dewy awakii.g;
Like a great flower, alar on the crest of the
eastern wooiland,
Goldeuly boomed the sun, ana over the beau-;
tiful valley,
Dim with its dew and shadow, and Dright with
its dream of a river.
Looked 10 the western hills, and shone on the
humbib pio^ession.
Painting with splendor the children's eyes,
aud the heart of the mother.
Beauty and fragrance and song filled the air
like a palp^bie presence.
j Sweet was the .-mell of the dewy leaves and
the il iwcri in the wild wood.
Fair the loug reaches of sun aud shade in the
aisles of the forest.
Glad of the spring, nnd of love, and of morn
ing, the wild birds were singing;
Jays 10 tac!i otrMir ca.led harshly, then mel
lowly fluted together;
Sang the or.ole sours as golden and gay as his
plumage.
I Pensively piped tha querulous quails their
greetings uufrequent,
j While, on the meadow elm, the meadowlark
gushed forth In music,
j Rapt, exultant, and shaken with the great joy
of liis singing;
j Over ihe nver, loud chattering, aloft in the
air, the kingfisher
Hung ere he dropped, like a bolt, in the water
Lo:ieaUi him; '
Gossiping, out of the bauk flew myriad twit
tering swallows,
I And in the boughs of the sycamore quarreled
aud clamored the blackbirds.
Never for these things a moment halted the
movers, but onward
Up the long hillside the white-tented wagon
moved slowly,
Till, on the summit, that overlooked all the
beau i if ul valley,
Trembiiug and spent, the horses came to a
standstill unbidden.
Then from the wagon the mother in silence
to: down willi her children,
Came and stood by the lather, and rested her
hand on Ins shoulder.
! Long together they gazed on the beautiful
vauey beiore them;
; Looked on the well-known fields that stretched
away to the woodlands
j Where, In the dark lines of green,, showed the
milk-white crest of the dogwood,
Snow of wild plums in biooiu and crimson
tints oi the rosebud ;
Looked oa the pasture fields, where the cattle
were laziiy grazing,
Softly and sweet and clear came the faint, far
notes of tho cowbells;
j Looked oa the o.t-.rodden lanes, with their
elder and blackberry borders;
Looked on the orchard, a bloomy sea, with its
billows of blossoms;
j Fair was ihe scene, yet suddenly strange and
all unfamiliar,
! Like as the faces of friends when the word of
farewell has been spoken.
Lohjc together they gazed; then at last on the
little log cabin.
Home for so many years, now home no longer
forever.
Rested their tearless eyes in the silent raptura
of anguish.
Upon the morning air no column of smoke
from the chimney
Wavering, silver and azure, rose, fading and
brightening ever;
Shut was the door where yesterday morning
the children were playing;
Lit with a gleam of the sun, the window
stared up at them blindly ;
Cold was the hearthstone now, and the place
was forsaken and empty.
Empty? Ah, no, no! but haunted by throng
ins and tenderest fancies.
Sad recollections of all mat had ever been, of
sorrow or gladness.
Once more they sat in the glow of the wiae
red fire in the winter;
Ouce more they sat, by the dcor in the cool of
the still summer evening;
Once more the mother seemed to be singing
her babe there 10 slumber;
Ouce more the lather beheld her weep o'er the
child that was dying;
Once more the place was peopled by all the
Past's sorrow and gladness!
Neither mmht speak for the thoughts that
came crowding their hearts so,
Till, in their ignorant sorrow, aloud* the chil«
dren lamenttd;
Then was the spell of silence dissolved, and
the father and mother
Burst into tears aud embraced, and turned
their dim eyes to the westward.
William Dean Howells, in The Trotter and
Pacer.
«, Consul Muth, stationed at Madgeburg,
describes to the State Department a farm
where eJectricity is the primary motivo
power. This ideal iarm is iocaied at
Mecklenburg, Germany, and receives it 3
power frosn a srnail brook, which, by
means of a dam, drives an eighteen-horse
turuine. This in turn drives the electric
dynamo, whence power comes to operate
tue necessary farm machinery, pomp the
water ana light the farmhouse and barns,
it has the merit of economy over steam or
horse power, besides the virtue of being
always ready when wanted*
1718
Pen Pictures of the Gleam and Gloom in Picturesque Old Bournemouth-by-the-Sea
jnjj NARROW beach, shifting and
flu . sandy, on which the blue waves
i^V» break with a splash rather than a
roar; chalk cliffs. dazzUngly white; hard
beuien roads, on which invalids in and
out oi carriages and chairs are dragged or
drag themselves ; avenues of pines, with
branches interlacing overhead, and sharp
shadows, like a mosaic underfoot; the
precipitous streets of a smart, shoddy
little town, full of hotels bustling with
people and tourists and little dons; bi
cycles flashing everywhere; carriages, at
tempting to avoid them, heading for the
pleasure gardens or the pier, where the
inevitable military band fills the air with
exuberant, stirring sound— there you
have Bournemouth on a fresh, keen, cold,
sunny day.
A white sky, mournful avenues of
drenched and dripping trees, under which
lon* rows of unoccupied invalid chairs
. find do.lorous shelter; rivers of mud in the
filent streets; a sea drowned in mist;
cliffs on which an occasional policeman
stalks in solitary grandeur; there, alas,
you have Bournemouth, too, on a wet,
white, cold and sunless day. If at one
time the little city by the sea fills the
mi ml with memories of Canne3 or Nice or
Monte Cario, reserved and dignified and
without color by contrast with the vivid
south at another it is a» melancholy and
still as a deserted village. The shops are
empty; an occasional footman with books
lrom a lending library; a professional
nurse hurrying to a chemist's; housekeep
erswith -skirts hitched up abova stout
ankles and stouter boots; cab-drivers,
postmen and beggars seem to be the only
visible population.
• In- thesouth the charming little towns
are .peopled by a picturesque, hiehly col
ored amusement-lovint: people. The vis-
l'ors, who flock there in such numbers
thatit is like one oi tne great movements
'of early History, are either invalids or
frank seekers after diversion. Pleasure in
any form at whatever cost. Russians, Ital
ians, Germans, Swedes. English and Amer
A BOURNEMOUTH NURSE.
California Sequel to an
Incident at Vicksburg's Siege
TjgjjjT^ALTER MEAD of this City has I
flip in his po^e^sion a cane whose
*lf('llfil historical associations make it
of extraordinary value. It commemo- 1
rates two occasions when fraternal feel
ings were aroused in the breasts of for
mer foes. The cane, however, is not with- i
out intrinsic. value, as it is of ebony and
mourned with gold. On its head are in
scribed a few words that tell in part its
history.
Just before the surrender of Vicksburg
the Tenth Michigan Regiment was sta
tioned before the invested city on its bluffs
beside the Mississippi. The particular day
which partly led to the existence of the
cane now so proudly treasured by Mr.
Mead was one of particular glooni to a
little band of discouraged and disheart
ened officers of the Confederate army, who
were held as prisoners by the Federal
soldiers.
Colonel Lum. an uncle by marriage of |
• Mr. Mend, was then in command ot the
Tenth Michigan and a brigade encamped
• ' In front of the besieged city, and he took
pity upon the forlorn condition of the offi
cers of the Southern army and, hoping to
lighten, for a little while at least, their
burden "of sorrow, invited them to dine
with him. That was a dinner whose his
tory has never before been written.
The gracious colonel of the Union forces
proved a most admirable host, and durinz
the progress of the banquet which he
spread before them he made his prisoner
guests forget their troubles. All the deli
cacies for the table possibly procurable at
the time he spread before the hungry Con
" federates, and kindly toasts were proposed
and drunk in sparkling champagne. At
the conclusion of the feast the Southern
prisoners arose from their seats and cave
three hearty cheers for their Northern
host and their captor.
It was the cane which Mr. Mead carries
that brought this story to light. In all
" the histories and narrations of the war it
had never been written; like many an
other touching incident of the Civil War
it lived only in the memories of those who
participated in the incident. Historians
had not recorded it; bards had not sung
of it, and it was only through a coincident
• that happened here in San Francisco that
the present narrative is written.
When tho Tenth Michigan Regiment
was mustered out of the service its officers j
and men presented Colonel Lum with the
cane Mr. Mead now carries. The colonel
in his declining years gave it to Mr. Mead.
One day the latter was talking to his
friend, Dr. Ernest, when the doctor re
marked the beauty of the walkinc-stick,
and taking it into, his hands read the in
scription. Dr. Ernest fought for the Con
federacy; was at the siege of Vicksburg,
and the inscription on the cane brought
back to his memory the story of the din
ner which Colonel Lum had given to his
foes-in-arms held as prisoners during the
siege of the Mississippi city, and he re
lated it to Mr. Mead.
A few days previous to this Mr. Mead J
] icans y stle and elbow each other on the !
1 promenades, in the gamine-rooms. Every
; thing is gay, a little vulgar, ' infinitely
! varied and brilliant.
Bournemouth is peopled by an exclusive
! aristocracy of retired civil service and
i army officers, or by these who have the
■ mournful and not uncommon distinction
!of weak lungs. The iittie town has two
I seasons.
"in summer, 1 ' says Kaie, the chamber
maid, "the jolly people comes; in winter
; them as wants to get well."
At present, to judge by appearances, it
is the delight or the depth of the winter
season and the people who "wants to get
well" are very evident indeed.
The first impression of the place is an
entirely cheerful one, it the weather is
bright and clear. Tue long shaded ave
nues are guiltless of a fallen leaf or flutter
ing bit of paper; alorg the cliff, several
; hundred feet above the sea, the promenade
[ is crowded by pedestrians and chairs drawn j
j by microscopic ponies or littie donkeys I
| with spindling leg*. Children in bright
! red coats and stockings hop about like
' flamingoes: the air is full of the jingle of
the little bells on the heads of the horses;
the little sharp ting of the bicycles warn
i ing the unwary.
And everywhere the glance and gleam of
the sun in a glare on the white roads, like
a green flame in the trees, bringing into
vivid light the white, yellow and red roofs j
. of the villas, and in the water an intoler- !
I able b. miling radiance. And then there is
a cough, a little strangled sound, and as if
by a preconcerted signal, as an orchestra
answers to the leader's baton, there is a
pathetic chorus— children with the whoop
; ing cough, old men with the asthma and
I children and young girls and men and
i women, old and young, with that little
dry, backing cough that is so unmisiak
| ably consumptive.
Bournemouth itself is entirely sophisti
cated, recent, modern. A little stream
gives it its Anglo-Saxon name — burna, or
bourna, a small stream, and muth, mouth.
had received a letter from Colonel Lum
in which he was informe i that the
colonel's old recimental surgeon, Dr.
Parsona, was about to visit this City. Dr. I
Parsons had also been at the siege of I
Vicksburg, and when Dr. Ernest told tho
story of the dinner given by Colonel Luni
to me Confederate soldiers it occurred to
Mr. Mead that it would be pleasant to i
bring these two — who had served in the
same capacity with the opposing forces,
and who were so closely associated with
the memories that clustered about the
cane he so proudly carries — together in
friendly intercourse.
And so it came about that when Dr.
Parsons reached the City he dined with
the man who hac! attended to the
wounded within the Confederate lines at
Vicksburc, while he ministered to the
sufferings of the Union soldiers injured
during ti.e siege of the beleagured city,
and with the cane presented to Colonel
Lum by the soldiers of the Tenth as a
text they, in kindly* words, fought and
won fields o'er again.
The incident is rendered more striking
because of the fact that so far as is known,
it was Mr. Mead who first suggested that
the graves of the soldiers oi the South and
of the North should be decorated on the
same day. Mr. Mead has been for years
the San Francisco correspondent of the
Nevada City Transcript, and on one Deco
ration day he wrote an article ior that
paper advocating the decoration of the
graves of Confederate soldiers as well as
those who fought for the Union, on thai
same sacred day. It is probable that in
this article the idea that led to the build
ing of the Unionist monument at Chicago
was conceived.
Volumes That Qo Unread.
This is the season when the different
cities of Europe and America exchange
bound volumes of their annual reports,
and almost every mail brintrs to the
Mayor's office a Dook containing the sta
tistics of Knoxville or Denver or Quebec
or Halifax. The Mayor's messenger is
engaged in arranging these reports in the
archives of the city, where they are
likely to remain for an indefinite period,
because life is too short for the average
New Yorker to pay any attention to the
internal affairs of Kalamazoo or the im
provement of New Bedford's waterfront.
An examination of the»e volumes, how
ever, gives some instruction. It shows,
for instance, the vast expense to which
the Canadian cities go in the preparation
of these sample volumes. When the
Montreal reports came in the other day
the appearance of the volumes astonished
Clerk Burrows. "If we went to such ex- I
pense as that here," be declared, "a Ben
ate committee would be investigating us
next week."
Cinciunai has sent the most handsome j
volume turn d out by any city in the j
Union. It is bound in Russia leather, has ;
2012 pages and contains almost all the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 2*% tWi.
A VILLAGE SCENE NEAR BOURNEMOUTH-BY-THE-SEA.
Around it, however, are «>ome of the
most interesting and ancient ruins and
pastoral scenery, as yet unspoiled by the
tourist or the advent of the railroad. The
Priory of Christchurch is an easy five
miles, and near it are the o'd ivy-grown
and mess-thatctred villages which we read
of in delightful Btory-books or see in old
pictures by Wilkie or Gainsborough.
Wilkie himself might have used lford for
a background for his little painted come
dies of rural life; a clus.er of quaint cot
tages, DUilt as cose as though the great
common, with its ancient beeches and
oaKs ana wile, gruss-grown spaces, were
not immediately behind it. A little stream
reflects the white houses with latticed
windows aud great discolored, leaning
roofs.
In Bournemouth we have suburban arch
itecture, one feature of which is a sign in
the gateway that there are furnished apart
ments to be let with or without board.
Villas built in imitation of bouses in Cal
cutta by men win have brought wealtu
and ill health from the rich and attractive
Indian city; villas like London houses —
straight, tall, stiff; villas ligbt, gay. fan
tastic as those on the bulks of t;;e Medi
terranean ; villas grotesque and weird as
the disea*ed Imagination of their owners,
but all standing in spacious and weii-kept
gardens, with .1 broad sweep of drive for
carriig?s and a narrower footpath for the
humble.
The little town covers a wide area, stran
gles over the great hills, fills the valley
will] a confusion of shops and churches
and the plea sure ga rdens.ciinibh uppr.^cii i
toiH heights to east ani west cliffs, where
streets and walks ranjblc at the will of ihe
pines and lira that till them.
Long piers were run out into the water,
the dry yellow sands and the mighty cliffs
separating them, and behind them a
background of pines and hills covered
with heather arid bracken and goise, deop
ble inf irmation about the city ob*
tamable, even to a list of the property*
owners wbo have failed to p:iv their as
-1 sessmcnts for opening streets and buildin;;
I sewers. Hartford. Oonn., appears toliave
run riot in art. From the volume sent
{Dm that city to Mayor Strong it would
seem that the citiz us a of thai luun c pa!
--i it v judge their public officials by appear
ances. Photograph^ ot all officials from
the .Mayor to the dog-catcher are pre-
MEETING OF BLUE AND GRAY DURING VICKSBURG'S SIEGE.
sented: the Aldermen and the members of
the different boards or commissions are
presented in p ate?, and the public build
ings from the City Hall to the lire-houses
fill r.uL'i 1 -.
Nothing like the valedictory address of
Alph Desjardins. the outgoing Mayor of
Montreal, could be heard in the United
States, as can be seen from ihe Tollowintc
paeagrapn:
"The Mayor of this city reigns like a
constitutional king, but, contrary to the
king, whose ministers are alone responsi
ble, he who has no ministers and enjoys
no control over the Aldermen, is more
enine in distance to the artist's color, a
curious, deep, mist,* purple.
The pleasure gardens and the cliff walk
divide the town. To those who are strong
enough the pleasure gardens form the
greater attraction. There is the far-famea
Invalid's Walk, where all the convales
cents meet and regard each other with
that curious misgiving, that kind of mu
tual defiance, that unfortunates so fre
quently have. Nevertheless there is a
kind of melancholy cameraderie between
some members, chiefly the more ad
vanced in years, who meet and discuss
symptoms and relate anecdotes of others
similarly afflicted.
It was to the enterprise ot an adven
turous gentleman with a passion for walk
ing that Bournemouth owes its founda
tion. He bought a vast tract of heath and
pine so as to be able to take his walks un
molested. Curiosity led him to explore
tuis district, and on the edee of the wast ',
rannfnc down to the sea, he came upon
this sheltered valley of unusual beauty.
He called it his "treasure valley," built a
villa and gradually invited a few chosen
friends to fallow bis 'laniile. It was in
lS3ti that the first hotel, the Bath Hotel,
was started, and from that Bournemouth
has grown like a mushroom.
The cliff wa'k has a faint resemblance
to the Cliff Hou-e walks at home ; away to
the west are the "Old Harry Rocks," a gi
gantic stone island, against which the
tram break and send up fountains of
spray. ■<■
The younger people sit at the benches
reading or walk in littie groups the pre
scribed distance, while the inmates of tne
chairs follow their movements with eye-*
of envy. Professional nurses, with the
sunlight on their fre^h caps and aprons,
w.ilk with their patients or sit next to
their carriages, reading aloud the books or
letters that have arrived by the morning
train. Softened by distance, there are the
than any other official held re ponsible."
Poetic and literary Boston sena? one of
the biggest and most prosaic volumes.
The only wonderful feature about it is the
accompanying map, which when spread
out, took up half the area of one of the
rooms adjoining the Mayor's office.
The large map seems to De an lied for be
cause of the crooked streets of Boston, and
the difficulty strangers have of finding
♦ heir way throujh them. Accompanying
the reports is a minor volume giving the
work of Boston's Rapid Transit Commis
sion, which, unlike New York*, anpenr*
to have done something practical. Pnila
dclphia and Imii mupolis have sent in
very prosy reports, but the driest of all
came fiom Richmond City, whose volume
is a ina^s or statistics.
New York sends out nothing that either
dazzles or attracts, but it swells the rev
enues of Uncle Sam by exchangine bound
copies of the City Record, which paralyze
the recipients by their immensity.— New
York Sun.
By an Italian law any circus which
does not perform every act promised in
the printed programme, or which misleads
the public by moans of pictures, is liable
to a fine of £100 for each offense.
Each year about £10,000 is expended in
sprinkling the streets of London with
auud 10 preveut the horsei Ironi siippiuc.
strains of military music from the pier,
the taint sound of the waves on the beach,
and a soft rustle and rush of the wind in
the tops of the pines.
It would be a curious and not uninter
esting experiment to listen to the views
of life expres-ed by these gaunt and
hollow-eyed victims of an inexorable fate.
Only a few of them care to express them
selves.
There is one old lady who has lost the
use of her lower limbs, whose enormous
bulk overfills the chair from which she
regards the passers-by with little bright
blue eyes full of a kind o! sharp and acrid
animation. She has a voice that con
tinues involuntarily, long after she has
ceased speaking, in a series of diminish
ing growis, like an echo in a cavern. She
has a maid who trembles before her and
who answers her confidences by shakes of
the head in affirmation or sympathy or
protest or horror like an automaton, evi
dently hopins she will have used the
proper motion.
The wheezing, asthmatic voice is audi
ble at twenty yards; infrequently an
other invalid, a little wasted old woman,
with snow-white hair, sits near her; on
this occasion the "general," as she has
been irrever3ntly yclept, reverberates to
some purpose. She shouts the details of
her illness into the ears of this slightly
deaf and hapless invalid, who stares, with
faded eyes, passionles-ly up into the
trees. "See that girl," growls the old
lady, "the tall one with (he red cnec-ks;
her sister was justiike her — was here thre«
years ago, dancin' an I singm' and ridin'
horseback. Died last year. Don't knon
what her parents are thinking of. This
one rides a bicycle; eoes everywhere; and
has th 3 galloDin' consumption, mark mv
words. In her grave next year. H^ar
that now !"
The girl choses overa candy, a "sweet,''
as they call it here, goes off in a fat of
Music Hath Influence Over
Even the Spider and Its Species
of the most striking illustrations
l"C:|r OI lne fact that the appreciation of
!*■<!-* ncusic extends to anim.iis and in
sects, great and smell, has jint taken
piace at Coldwater, M:ch., where a spider
has developed musical talent of surprising
force. Not only does he keep time to the
music, but the sound of discord rills his
mind with horror and he flees from tho
noise as from the wrath to come.
It is likely that about the last of ail
things to be thought of as being appre'
ciative of music is the spider. Legend has
given him a reputation for patience and
experience has shown him to be frequently
vicious and sometimes dangerous, but as
to music— that is an accomplishment
which i.one have ever dreamed of credit
ing him with. The rou»h, hairy creature
one sometimes looks at beneath the mag
nifying lens of a microscope seems to be
of that quality to which discord would be
music and music discord. The spider at
Coldwater, Mich., however, who has first
made the musical taste of nis species
public, seems to be possessed of all the
laughter and splutter and couzhs. The
general has an air of fierce triumph.
"That old man's goin' fast," she con
tinued, turning her attention. "I warned
him last year his doctor didn't understand
his case. Isaidtohim, 'major,' I said" —
and here the medical details are over
whelming, and we rise and walk in, 10 be
ourselves the next victims, we are assured,
to be buried within a year, with all due
ceremony and great cheerfulness by the
"general."
If ti.e general has a delight in mortuary
details the "philosopher" ignores them
entirely, except in regard to himself. The
"philosopher" is a little, swarthy child
with wild black eyes like those of a
startled animal. He is a South American,
he tells us in a pdlite, very much bored
little voice; he has been ai school; his
mother is dead; his father is in Santiago;
his nurse takes care of him, but he thinks
that very soon she will be able to go back
to South America."
"Will you go with me?" she asks, in
Spanish.
"No," he replies, in Euglish; "I shall
be dead."
He says "dade," and the nurse does not
understand.
"I speak English," he continues, "she
is very foolish about it. It is better to be
'dadu' than only half alive." We are
walking slowly up the precipitous etreet
at the side of his little donkey-chair. A
row of women selling flowers come for
ward as we pass and the air is full of the
ONLY A PENNY A BUNCH.
I attributes of the virtuoso, and it may be
is an impresario high in the estimation cf
those of his kind.
The remarKable qualifications of the
Michigan spider first became evident at a
j rehearsal of the Apollo Male Quartet at
I CoKiwater, the members of which are,
with one exception, residents of the towu.
The tir^t teuor is Professor Harriman,
teacher of sciences in tJie Lansing (Mich.)
high school. Mr. Baiiey, the second tenor,
is the editor of the Coldwater Star. Mr.
Grobe, first bass, is a dry -goods merchant,
and Mr. Keene, second bass, is one of the
staff of the Coldwater Sun. All these gen
tlemen are willing to vouch for the mu
sical taste of the spider, because they all
saw what he did. Compared to him the
educated flea is an ignoramus and the fly
that performs curious antics simply a
freak.
It so happened, not many evenings ago,
that the quartet was holding its regular
rehearsal. Song after sons? was tried and
not fouivi wanting, and the members of
the organization were in high giee that
ail was prospering. Another sour was
begun, when Mr. Bailey noticed a large
spider who dangled in a visibly excited
manner in front of the music-rack, just
about five feet from the floor. It was
"Down in the Cornfield" that was bein
rendered and the singers — Mr. Bailey hav
ing called their attention to tne spider
observed that tee insect went up and
down with tne variation of the scale. At
first they thought it was accident, that a
draucht ol air of tneir own lung-power
swayed the tiny insect. Stili, the time
the spider kept was perfect, and if. soon
became evident that it was a draught that
was moving n — it was a musical drauebt,
indeed.
This state of affairs naturally interested
the quartet in great degree, and they be
gan to try various airs for the sole purpose
of noting their effect upon the seemingly
highly inteiested auditor. They also ob
served that the slightest evidence of dis
cord in their rendering of a song pro
voked violent indignation on the part of
the spider, who on such occasions would
oscillate in a manner both vigorous and
vicious. Further tests showed that the
spider would ascend or descend about a
loot for every octave. The voice of the
singer might be tbe highest tenor, or the
heaviest bass, the spider never swerved
from the absolutely correct movement.
The time he kept was as creditable to him
as tbe most finished technique to the di-
cipl-s of Paderewski.
Presently the quartet sang "The Now
Bully." When they came to the line "I'se
looking for dat bully and he mus' be
lound," the spider nearly went beside
himself with glee. It seemed as if he not
only appreciated the very catchy music,
but the import of the song as well, and
could in his mind's eye view the rolling
gait and emphatic appearance of the
original singer. Tiien there was an
abrupt transition. The quartet sang "The
Bridge." The spider kept time mourn
freshness nnd fragrance of the sprin j
b ossoms, jonquiN and violets and nurcis- >
sus and hyacinths. One woman, a big,
cheerful Italian, moves with ditliculty.
She has two babies strappe » to one shoui
der and a basket of violet-* to the o'.her.
"A ponny a buncli!" she remarks, and
it is difficult to know to which bunch she
refers.
The philosopher laughs behind tho little
black patch on his mouth.
"She looks strong" he says in a judicial,
voice, without a touch of envy, and tnen
suddenly something like a wave of ue
spair convulses his little dark, passionate
face. "I wish I could hurry ud anil be
•dade!'" be says, and throws hinis*eif
back in his pillows and turns his face to
the sea. and not another word will he
utter. Such moments are rare, however,
for he is quite calm and frank about lih
illness — on most occasions ready to talk,
and grateful for the opportunity.
"Most people think they are going to
cet better when they are as I am. but that
seems silly. They pretend, I hear them
talking, and the paople who talk to them
pretend, and they tried to pretend with
me, but I kaow. I've been here two
years, and sometimes they go away, but
often they stay. I'm poina; to have my
funeral here. Isn't that a nice boy? Can't
be run? Did you ever see a circus?
Even his philosophy cannot make n:e
find Bournemouth a very cheer! u! piace.
% Van Dyck Brown.
Bournemouth, Hampshire, Feb. 11, '97.
fully, and looked as if the change from
the ridiculous to the sublime ciid not
agree with him. Then they tried "Wav
Down on the Swanee River." The spide:
was not a beat behind, and apparently as
fresh as when he began to dangle at the
end of his silken thiead,
By this time it was difficult to say
whether i tie quartet was most interested
in natural ni^tory or music. The spider
gently swung to and fro and waited for
more. Just to test the extent of the
spider's experience the quartet san^
"White Wings." The spider kept time
with an effort. "Just Tell Them That
Yon Saw Me :1 restored him to his former
vigor, while "I Want You, Ma Honey,"
cheered him so that he kept time as en
thusiastically as an audience appbuds
when it is highly pleased. Then the
quartet began to try other experiments.
A medley was sung. This kept the new
conductor very busy, and in tlie absence
or a baton ho twang himself, but never
was out of time for an instant. All sorts
of efforts were made to catcli him napping
or to trip him, but he was equal to them,
all and each and every one tell flat. \
At last, however, the quartet, wittil
malice prepense, gave vent to one of tb.os<jf
discords that would have made "The
Harp That Onca Through Tara's Halls"
die years hefore it did, if it had ever heard
them. This was too much for the spider
with the musical ear. He hesitated for
a moment, and then, witii what seemed
to be a glance of sorrow and wrath, fled
up the line ot web and disappeared from
view. Further singing had no elfect. His
musical ear bad evidently been wrecked.
These things seem odd enough for a
fairy tale to the majority of the people,
and therein lies their value. W r hen four
reputable citizens of Michigan assert that
statements ot this nature are true, there
is no room for even a doubting Thomas to
enter a protest of disbelief. Michigan'?
potato patch scheme is not the only thing
which will make her famous. She has a
musical spider.
years as J*leciicir\e.
Human tears are not recognized as a
specific aeainst disease in any other coun
try but Persia, and there only tears shed
at a funeral are supposed to have any
curative qualities. In the country named
the custom of bottling tears is quite an
important feature of the funeral cere
mony. To each of the mourners present
the master of ceremonies presents a piece
of cotton, wool or sponge, witn -which tfc
wipe away the tears. Tue contents of thfe
wool or spon go are afterward squeezei?!
into a bottie and these tears are preserved
as a powerful and certain restorative when
all other medicines have proved useless
A broken-winded horse is rarely seen in
Norway. The fact i 3 accounted for by the
statement that a backet of water is always
placed within reach of a horse when he is
feeding, and the animal alternately takes
a uioiHlilul of hay and a aip of waterHere the Poet Reveled in His Glory
/\ Sar\ Frar\cisco Bookstall, With a Favorite CKair, Held Sacred
• . to the Memory of Eugene Field
• Ijj~yUGENE Field was an insatiable |
•fri/<£ bibliomaniac. Rare books to him
■■■^/l were a lad, and a revel in a library
where first editions awaited his caressing
touch was the poet-humorist's wildest dis
sipation. Field had few idiosyncrasies for I
. a genius, but his love of extraordinary i
books was an absorbing passion with him, !
trnddufine the time he spent in Califor- !
. nia, when he came to the coast three rears :
ago in pursuit of health, just prior to his j
death, he would come to San Francisco ]
almost daily from his home in Oakland
and spend hours nosing about the old
bookstores of the City.
Poring over an ancient tome was dissi
pation to 'Gene Field. There was no at
traction for him in modern Bohemia.
There was no enjoyment lor him in the
•wine cup, nor in association with revelers j
who found surcease from sorrow around
the festal board. And yet that dissipated
genius. " Edgar Allan Poe, was Field's
greatest favorite among authors.
In his artistic proclivities the humorist
was always hampered by his lack of
wealth. His inability to purchase every
'treasure from a bibliomaniac's point of
view was the bane of his life. Field never
' acquired riches, notwithstanding the fact
that he was an indefatigable worker, and
his comparative poverty caused him here
■ in San Francisco to lay aside, with a
sigh, volumes that had thrilled his biblio
. .maniac soul, and which he longed to pos
sess.
• Field' told of his tribulations in this re
gard in a humorous skit which he wrote
a.lter his return from Europe in l? 90. The
first and last versej of the effusion read as
. inflows:
When I was broke In I ondon In the fall of '89
• I chanced 10 spy in Oxford street this tantalizing
sign:
•"A splendid Horace, cheap for cash," of course I
• v had to look
Upon the vaunted bargain, and It was a noble
book.
A liner one I've never seen nor can I hope to see,
The first edition, richly bound, aud c.can as
• • clean can be;
■ And just to thiuic. for tnree pound ten I might
h»v_- bad that Pine,
hen I was broke In .London in the fall of '89.
When In the course of natural things I bo to my
reward.
.- Let do imposing epitaphs my martyrdoms re
cord:
Neither in Hebrew, Latin, Greek or any' classic
■ tongue
Let my ten thousand triumphs over human
. ' °" griefs be su:isr.
. But in plain Anglo-Saxon (that he may know who
. s«ek»
;. What agonizing pangs I've had while on the
hum for freaks),
"Let there be writ upon the slab that marks mv
grave this line:
• -l/eceased was broke in London in the fall of 89."
"Poor Field ! Foregoing that Horace for
"three pound ten" prooably cost him
many pangs before he died.
In San Francisco he found a peculiarly
/ o ripe field for the" gratification of his pas
■ -sion for rare books. More rare and inter- i
esting books are probably to be found i
'-.upon the shelves of the old bookstores in
. San Francisco than in any similar con
cern-Yon this continent with the eicep
, .tion '.of New York. Many families who
• came to California in the palmy days
■ql. '49° have been, forced through • re
... verse circumstances to dispose of much
of' their * personal property, and be
cause of this unfortunate condition of i
> alTliirs many rare and valuable books have !
fecund their way into the "old bookstores." ;
•. Volumes that, because of their rarity and
antiquity, were really worth much, have
been allowed to go into the hands of sec
ond-hand-book sellers for a trifle. Many |
...a °"fir.st- edition" has baen sold to these
dealers. for so little as 25 cents by people ;
■ who had no realization of their true value j
, from anartistic point of view. It was in ,
poring over these that 'Gene Field found i
his chiefe«t pleasure when he came to this j
° coast in the hope that the hand'of disease
then upon him might bj stayed.
•c There is an old-book store on Powell i
tfeet where the poet spent many pleas- I
A Trip in a Treetop
Idyls of the Field.
T^¥yP ;n a big oak tree, where 1
I'^J^ have established a snuggery, my
*aJ') privacy was invaded to-day by a
11 ck of titmic . I wish I could do any
thing like justice to these morsels of birds,
but no words at my command can do it.
There is no feathered creature except the
humming-bird bo fearless and free in the
presence of humankind as the "least tit
mouse," and except the hummer we have
no other bird so small. But the hum
ming-bird, dear though he is to every
lover of n-ature, never seems to me to
come quite so close to the heart as does
the sober-hued, round-eyed, little crap of
quick life we call the titmouse. He has a
bigger name, a portentous title, quite as
lone as himself, but no one ever thinks of
cal.ing him by it. He is just the tit
mouse, as in the Eastern States, his
cousin, the black-capped titmouse (Parus
stracapillus) is just the chickadee, dear to
everyone who really sees him.
The titmouue is the friendliest of all the
pmall birds. You may call him close to
you by the simple process of answering
his lisping twitter as he hops among the
foliage «eeking insects, and as an insect
destroyer every one of them is worth
many times his tiny weight in gold.
I have ;-ai'i he is sober-hued. As a mat
ter of fact be is a most absurd appearing
little bird, with his wee body, his large
bead and big, round, astonl*hed-iooking
eyes. But he is exceedingly lovable; so
frank and confiding, so perfectly certain
that you are his friend anu glad of his so
cleiy as be seems 10 be of yours. He em
bodies in his funny little self many of the
very best of those traits we are wont to
call human. You may bring a whole flock
of tbe bird* within reach of your hand by
imitating the cry of one of them in dis
tress. They will gather about with anx
ious, solicitous chirps of inquiry, eagerly
peering at you with tbeir big eyes, seek
J ant hours during bis stay in California
three years ago. Any one of artistic tem
perament can appreciate the manner in
which the soul of 'Gene Field was
charmed by its atmosphere. The place
I "smells" of book?. It has about it that
i indescribable odor that old books send
! fortti. In it books are omnipresent. They
! line the walls, and high-shelved cases
have been erected for their accommoda
j tion in the middle of the room, and upon
| all tnese are books and books and books!
Nearly everything printed in t!ie English
language can be found in the place, and it
was from this source 'Gene Field derived
his greatest pleasure so soon before he
went hack to Chicago to die.
The Western poet loved the place, and
he would enter the old-boot store with
EUGENE FIELD'S CORNER IN THE POWELL - STREET BOOKSTALL.
nostrils distended, like a racehorse ready
to run a race.
There was one nook in the place that
Field always sought. It was the place
wnere the first editions were kept, and
once he was seated before those musty
tomes the poet became oblivious to all
surroundines. He paid no heed to the
young woman who came into the place,
and, while she chewed assiduously upon
a piece of gum, iooked over the volumes
of Bertha If. Clay, "Ouida" or "The
Duchess." He had no time to devote to
one who was looking for "«omething
new," nor to the cranks who affected
more recent authors than he.
Field in coming into this bookstore
made for one place and was not satisfied
| ing;, plainly as day, for their troubled
! cimraJe. I once raw two titmice hover
ing about a dead bird, not of their own
j species at all, chirping and calling, with
j every appearance of distress, now Myi:i?
! to a little distance and calling, then re-
I turning to investigate again the strange
sleep from which their friend would not
awaken at their bid ling; and Jet any mis
fortune befall one of their own kind and
the whole flock is in mourning.
The little fellows congregated in the
oak tree this morning were as joyous as the
; sunbeams sifting down among the leaves,
i One small hunter explored a single twip
within a yard of my hand for full five
minutes. He saw me apparently for the
i first time ns he came around from behind
| a leaf and cave a great start. Then,
with the air of one who would say, "Don't
he afraid ; I won't hurt yon," he* resumed
his search for insects. In this he was very
thorough and systematic, ciineing to a
single leaf or a little twig, sometimes on
the upper side, now below, sometimes up
right, regarding the bark with eager scru
tiny. Ajrain, head downward, watching
with intent gaze for the tinest midge to
show itself. At frequent intervals his
sharp little bill wouid make a dash, and if
after movements count foranytbing he se
cured his prey every time.
The titmice were not the only people I
met in my travels through the treetop.
Away on an outermost bough a thrush
perchad, silent and watchful, so little
afraid that he merely sprang to another
branch upon my approach. A silent bird
always seems to me the em bodimem of
mystery. I think John Burroughs some
where expresses the same thought. The
little titmice chirped incessantly. The
goldfinches, flitting everywhere, made the
air musical with their pretty calls, and
the chattering sparrows and juncos
frankly revealed themselves in their
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1897.
until he reached it. This was before the
shelves that contained the old books.
"After we found out who he was," said
Miss Daly, who presides over the place,
"we never used to pay any attention to
Mr. Field. He would come and go when
he pleased and would move bis chair
about when he liked. Sometimes he
would pore for hours over one bootcs."
As the poet-humorist could not buy all
the rare editions he desired, his chiefest
ufilicht was in visiting bookstores and
libraries where he could secure access to
them.
Early editions of American authors af
forded aim his greatest pleasure. A first
edition of Joaquin Miller's poems, where
in the bard of the mountains ungrammat
ically stated —
I seen tne sun o'er Shasta's heights
pleased him particularly, but when the
price of the volume was quoted to him the
poet refused to buy it on the ground of
economy.
So it was with a firft edition of the
poem^ of Edgar Allan Poe, which was of
fered to Field for $10.
"Too much/ said the poet, as he laid
the book down with a sigh.
According to Mi-s Dalv, Field never
quibbled over prices. After "poKing
about" among the books in the store he
would generally select two or three vol
umes that he thought he wanted; but if
the price asked for any of these seemed too
much for his economic and domestic ideas
he would lay tbe volume aside with an
voices ; but none of them had the fascinat"
ing interest for mo that the thrush pos
sessed, sitting silent in the treetop. I
could have dispensed for the time with
the whole feathered chorus could I but
have heard his voice.
From my treetop I witnessed an amus
ing bit of character di«play on the part of
a couple of goldfinches below. When a
goldfinch goes a-wooing he usually makes
a point of having one or two eligible
home-sites in his mind's eye, and when
other arguments fail with the lady of bis
choice he will show her there, apparently
as a last le-ort. Beneath the oak tree, in
a tangle of alder and greasewood, over
grown with poison oak and the climbing,
spreading megarrhiza, a jolly finch was
spying about in a very businesa-like
way.
His little bill kept opening and closing
rapidly as be flew back and forth, and
through the field-glass I could see his
throat quiver, bat if he made any sound I
could not hear it. He hopped along the
ground beneath the bushes and looked
critically upward, first with one eye, then
with the other. Then he flew to an over
hanging bough of the oak and looked
down upon the mass of foliage. Next he
perched upon the fence, some lit:le dis
tance away, and took a careful survey.
After that he dived into the bushes, and
I could trace his progress from twig to
twig by movements of the leaves. A.t last
he flew back to the fence and began to
sfng.
Presently another goldfinch came flut
tering along in a iretty waved line, as
this bird always flies, lie, too, wan evi
dently house-hunting, and the busby
tangle caught his eye as It had that of his
fellow-birdllng. Bat no sooner had he
alighted upon an outer branch than down
ur>on him the first goldfinch swooped,
knocking him from his perch, andlthe two
air of sorrow and, with a sigh, murmur
"Too much," and that was the end of it.
After Joaquin Miller's first erratic
poems an American edition of Carlyle's
"Past and Present," published by Charles
C. Little and James Brown in Boston in
1843, was one of 'Gene Field's favorites in
this old bookstore.
"Calyanos: a Tragedy," by George H.
Boker. published by E. H. iiutler & Co.
in Philadelphia in 1848. was another book
in which Field found particular delight.
The only comment that the Western
genius was ever known to make in regard
to a volume was a remark he made de
rogatory to some one who, in this volume,
marked the paragraph which reads:
! In the creation of ihe earth and man
I oft have wondered how omniscient God
Could take ileliglit in forming things like men.
"Why should such lines as those be em
phasized?" said Field.
Irvine's Aj:apida's "Conquest of Gran
| ada," published by Carey, Lee <fc Carey in
j Philadelphia in 1827, was another volume
iin this home of aged tomes in which
I Field found particular delight. Into this
ihe would delve for hours. Next to it was
J an edition of Lon^feilow's "Hiawatha,"
i published by Tickuor & Fields in New
York in 1855, in whose contemplation
Field spent many hours.
Probably the most unique boot that
attracted Field's attention during his visit
to San Francisco just Drior to his death
was a nondescript volume entitled "Phu
ri-bus-fah, a song without an author and
& deed without a name," written under
the nora de plume of l'hilander Doesticks,
P. 8., and published by Livermore & Rudd
in New York in 1850.
Over these rare books 'Gene Field would
dwell for hours. To him, during those
last days of his life, they were a source of
daily pleasure; except for his wife and
his children they were the greatest source
of pleasure to th? Western poet who
wrote the lullabies of a naiion and sung
children to sleep.
disappeared, m&king feints at each other
in the air as they flew.
Pedauogia took me to task the other
day. "There are so many practical issues
to be consideied by thoughtful minds,"
!-he !-aid, seriously. "1 wonder you can
spend so much time over dickey-birds and
weeds."
I am in perfect agreement with Peda
goeia, who is learned beyond my widest
ken. Tins is a time and an hour of prac
tical issues, treat problems to be solved,
but 1 que-tion whether there is any
greater problem than that of our relation
to the lowly things about us; any issue
more vital, more practical than that from
nature up lo nature's God. It is good to
come to know the life of the small crea
tures that live beside us. Their very ex
istence is in its way a comment upon, an
interpretation of, pur own life, with its
further reach, its wider needs and possi
bilities. Tnere is, more is the pity, a deal
ol false sentiment indulged in about the
things of nature. We who love shata
bring it to her, as we carry it elsewhere.
Nevertheless, what there is of U3 that is
simple and true may tind its best help
among the dickey-birds and the weeds, if
we come to them witli true, wholesome
apprec.aiion. The good old New England
priruor expressed a psychological prin
ciple, as well as literal truth and the al
phabet, when it taught in questionable
verge how
Zebedee
Climbed a trpe
Tue Lord to see.
The treetop does not pierce the sky
(nothing really pierces the sKy but weather
vanes and church steeples. The vanes,
perforce, to show which way the wind
blown, to such as have not vet learned
that no wind blows ill; the others for the
impaling, perhaps, of any spiritual aspi
ration that may ?uccepd in getting above
them), but it grows skyward, which is
better than being reared in that direction,
and itn growth is unhindered by "pride
and vainglory and all the other burdens
of life." We may learn a lesson in good
ness from it ; in tafcing what comas in the
order of life, not striving after more, or
other, or different things, for good cometh
not of strife.
But while nature will surely help us to
clearer ana simpler seeing if wo turn to
her in loving honesty, her lesson is one'of
first principles rather than of polity. They
make a mistake who reason from the life
of the brutes to the life human beings
should live. The analogies are only ap
parent. The dumb creatures have for us
no real lesson in tne ordering of our lives,
for we have their life plus humanity, with
iis wider ran^e ; its greater freedom : its
power of choice. Perhaps, after all, the
only lesion nature has to teach us is that
of love, which we learn as we briiiß to her
the perception of beauty, but this lesson is
a supreme one, for love is, in fact, the
problem of life and its solution.
ASIII.VE KnAW. I
Portrait of a Lone Miner in His Cabin
01iv>e Heyderv Weaves a Story /\bout a Species of Qold-Hunter
That Is JMeariy Extinct
iI^^BOUT forty years ago there was
.•-liav-v streaming into the newly discov
jl\*v ere( * gold fields of California a
steady current of immigration. Nearly
all the new-comers were men, and young
men too. with habits not yet firmly fixed.
They were "going home," you know, as
soon as they had filled their respectable
Eastern carpetbags with nuggets — yes,
"as soon."
They didn't go. Let the magic of tne
Western air pet into their blood and never
again would the effete civilization of tne
East satisfy. They wouldn't have gone
with a whole regiment of carpetbags full
of nuggets. If California was a great
plsce to make money how doubly great
and glorious a place it was to spend it!
And their habits were soon "fixed" too.
A sad fix sometimes, and always a fix
that never could be unfixed, and that
never was so well fixed as in California
the glorious, the golden, the flowery.
Monammed came to the mountain, as was
inevitable; and Mohammed, in the shape
of wives, sisters and mothers, found the
mountain quite a bearable place, inso
much that they, too, became totally unfit
to live outs-ide its shadow.
Before the advent of womankind there
had sprung up, like some widespread vari
ety of toadstool, the miner's cabin. Men
lived in companies, in pairs, or all by
their lonelys, and "batched." A collec
tion of models of the cabins of the Vw'a
I would be a unique and interesting fad ;
I educational, too, for soon the solitary
! miner in California will nave joined the
dodo, the ichthyosaurus and the girl who
doesn't bike; the place thereof shall know
him no more.
They— the cabins— ranged from spotless
to very spotty indeed, and from handy to
I way up on the top note of the scale of un-
I bmndicess; from picturesquely pretty to
! picturesquely hideous. Almost the same
description would apply to the miners
themselves, who have been drawn— and
quartered— so variously in novels written
by Eastern tourists who have passed a
! few days, weeks or months in some corner
of this not very limited State.
The phrase, "A California Novel," al
THE LONE MINER IN HIS CABIN MAKING BREAD.
ways amuses me. It reminds me of the
habit country folk have of consulting
Ayer's Almanac for to-morrow's weather.
They have firm faith the "cloudy" fits the
whole face of the earth like a garment,
and that the prophecy "rain" opens Hood
gates upon all the world.
We have been assured that Bret Harte's
miners are like Cooper's Indians, "an ex
tinct race that never existed"; but we
can't help thinking Ihem line fellows, and
so they are, or were, and so were the
"truly" miners. Tney were of sundry and
divers kinds those real miners I grew
among, but tliey were men whose like is
not looked upon every day.
When the feminine element came it was
wond-rful how the cabins bloomed. Some
broke out into tumor-like wings and lean
tos and some disappeared entirely, fright
ened at the array of white curtains and
polished teakettles, overalls ceased to be
adorned with patches of sacking, and flan
' nel shirts had buttons on. Evolution had
I Degun. The stately palaces and disease
breeding tenements were in active
embryo.
There are always a few of a species that
j refuse to evolve. They are doomed to ex
j tinction, but even with that certainty
| they keep out of the current of evolution,
I content to have their own way, and die.
Thus some of the lone dwellers in cabins.
Their habits had, indeed, become fixed,
petrified, fossilated; and as the days of '49
; saw them live they live now. Time never
i forgets. No hiding in the hills will fool
( him. The miners are old, feeble, few and
■ failing last.
As I look upon those I have known all
j my life and think upon those more mini
: erous whom I have seen laid in lonely
I and unwept graves, I think what an un
| explained, unappreciated, inexorable thing
habit is.
How can men, gregarious animals as
they are. grow so to love solitude that
they labor on alone— such a drear word.
i alone — for years and years almost within
| sound of the voices of their fellows. It is
all very well to call the world bad and well
lost, but the hermit takes a part, and an
| uncomfortable part, of the world with
j him when he takes himself. And, be
sides, the ione miner doesn't hate the
world; he has just become used to being
alone. He pans out his little hoard, cuts
his wooJ, fries his bacon and smokes.
When he goes to town he goes and comes
with no unnecessary delay. Silence and
the cabin have become indrspensable.
Some of him come out at stated
periods and get drunk. Some of him
walk each day to the office to get papers,
to keep in touch wfth the world they
never touch. Some ot him, live in pairs
and exchange reminiscences. Some of him
I never see the face of man except twice a
| year. But the stamp of the old miner is
on the brow of all.
One of the genus — dead now — lived
alone except when some friend of long
| ago climbed the hill. This old man, in
; blue shirt and rubber boots, could take nis
! pipe out of his mouth and roll forth Greek
verse, pure and true, like martial 'music.
He knew what it meant, too. All the
classics were stored in his bottomless
memory, and I believe he dreamed in
Latin. He loved the admiration of his
friends, but he died up there alone and
his dog came down to tell it.
Another sat in his hovel after his work
was done, a poor, bent, twisted old fellow,
| and raw spirits. His wife of years agoue
the wife who never came to him in life
: spoke tender words from the spirit world
and he was happy. We all see spirits of
I the past sometimes. Perhaps if we livea
: alone and thotignt constantly of the loved
; ones we would shape for ourselves a few
homemade angels, too.
I knew one, and know him yet, whom
Bret Harte might have immortalized for
his half-drunken speech. (Then could
the critics have proved lie never existed?
Even so.) When be tells me he saw "the
time previous before the next to the last"
he was in town, and goes on tangling him
self in verbiaee thus I would not be sur-
I prised to hear him say "which the same."
There is another who loves only his
j dog. I wonder what sad twist came in
j his life to make him hata a woman and
j idolize a crop-eared cnr. It sleeps in his
be'), eats at his table, rides on the wagon
seat and is out of place generally. The
man is cruel and sour to his fellow-man.
Something did it ; something makes him
say his dog, spoiled, snarly and tyranni
cal, is a bstter friend than a wife. When
he dies I wonder will his dog care.
Totalize the loneliness of death, stand
by the grave of one of these anachron
isms. No one to care, no one even to pre
tend to care, no gap in any one's life, no
place vacant in the world.
"I f uess he wouldn't be any deader if he
had lived like folks," a boy remarked of
one. The boy was puzzlM and felt, with
out understanding, the difference between
that funeral and others. The absence of
grief was sadaer than its presence would
have been.
No, he wouldn't be any deader — he
wouldn't be so dead if he lived in any
one's neart.
Traveling among the mountains over
the seldom used trails one meets the an-,
cient miner plodding to or from his claim*
or comine with his load of "grub" from
the store. He is getting old ever. so fast
and totters beneath his pack, but you will
tind his ideas young enough if you like to
dismount and walk with him a ra;le or
two. He lives only in the past, so bis heart
never grows old. You will find him a
sociable fellow, especially if in that pres
ent-past of his. He "knew your'fath >r."
By the *'ay. I never knew my lather my>
sell until his old comrades besran to tell
tales on him.
Ten years from now a specimen of the
genus will be a curiosity indeed, and
many, many a tale of romance, of pathos,
of iragedy will bury itself in an un
marked grave. In a far-away home there
may be a tale, a tradition of a young man
who went west to conquer fortune, and
may be there will be a lingering hope of
the return of a rich rolative someday;
and in the solitude of the hills there will
be a rude stone and mud tireplace stand
ing in the midst of a moldering hean of
boards. Oi.ive Hey den.
J\ Quaint Bird Legend.
The Medical Press, in a recent reference
to a work on some old legends in connec
tion with drugs, said: "It would be inter
esting to know if the bind whicii the
author calls 'aster' is known by modern
ornithologists. Speaking of ithe remarks
that its scent is said to be so strong that
fishes are drawn by it as he is flying over
the river, and so taken up by him, having
one leg like a hawk, theother like aduck."
It is not difficult, however, to identify the
bird in question, says the Westminster '
Gazette. It is the osprey (Pandion halite
tus), which, although not to-day classine'd
under the genus astur, is related to it. 'In
the Rev. C. Swainson's "Folk-Lore of
British Birds" there is a reference to it
from Shakespeare. "Coriolanus," act
four, scene three:
A v fid i us, log. : As in the osprey of the fish,
Who takes it
By sovereignty or nature.
And in Peele's play called "The Battle of
Alcazar" (1594), act ii, scene 1:
I will provide thee with a princely osprey,
That, as she flieth over fish In pools.
The fish shall turn their bellies up.
And thou shait take thy liberal choice or all.
We learn aUo from Mr. Swainson's book
that "an old belief" is mentioned by Har
rison in his "Description of Britain," pre
fixed to Holinshed's "Chronicle" (vol. I,
pace 352), who writes respecting the
osprey: "It hath not been ruy hap
hitherto to Fee anie of these foules, and
partlie through mine owne negligence;
but I heare that it hath one foot like a*
hawke to catch withall, and another re
sembling a goose, wherewith to swim;
but whether it be so or not I refer the
further search and trial thereof to some
other." Giraldus Carnbrensis ("Topog
raphy of Ireland," page 3S, cd. Writ;lH)
improves on this moralizing as follows:
"In like manner the old enemy of man
kind fixes his keen eyes on us, However
we may try to conceal ourselves in the
troublesome waves of the present world,
and ingratiating himself with us by tem
poral prosperity, which may be compared
to the peaceable foot, the cruel sDoiler then
puts forth his ravenous claws to clutch
miserable souh and drag them to perdi
tion."
Thefoodof the swallow is composed of
insects alone, and the number these birds
destroy in a single summer is incalcula
ble. They are in summer on the wing for
fully sixteen honrs during the day, and
the greater part of the time making havoc
among the millions of insects which infest
the air.
1920
EVENTS OF THE WEEK IN SOCIETY.
MOSS
past week has not been, socially
VI v speaking, of course, very brilliant
*JLs The smart set was resting, as it were.
for the many elaborate entertainments that
are to bring this season of ''.)c>-'97 to a close.
Everything of course is the Mardl Gras ball
oil Tuesday evening. Many surprises are
promised in the way of character groups and
exquisite costuming.
The last meeting of the FriCay Fortnightly
was an elaborate affair, worthy of the great
success of the ciass. To Mrs. Monroe Salisbury
belongs all the glory of a successtul and en-
able series of dances. K. M. Greenway hod
charge of the final dance on Friday evening.
Tne german was the feature of the evening.
Mr. Green way leading- alone. After the dance
an elaborate supp2r was served.
Miss Ida Gibbons gave a lunch party last
Wednesday afternoon at the University Club
i:i honor of Miss Emelie Ethel Cohen. The
National colors formed the motive of the
decorations, which were exceedingly attrac
tive.' The Indies invited to meat Miss Cohen
were Mrs: R. P. Schwerin, Mrs. Thomas Magee
Jr., Miss Owen of New YorK, Miss Clementina
Kip, Miss Helen Wagner. Miss Frances Carrey,
- Miss Romietta Wallace, Miss Mollie Thomas
and Miss Julia Crocker.
Mirs schussler entertained a party of ladies
at luncheon last Wednesday at her home, 1905
Van Ness avenue.
Mrs. A. B. Moulder gave a lunch-party at the
University Club last Thursday, complimentary
to Miss Eraelie Ethel Cohen. The others
present were Mrs. Charles G. Lyman, Mrs. j
Webster Jones, Miss Kate Thornton Salisbury,
Miss Gertrude Forman, Miss Ethel Murphy
and Miss Charlotte Moulder.
Mr. and Mrs. Marcus Gentle gave an in- ]
formal evening a home to a lew friends last
Wednesday evening nt their residence, 2330 j
Washington street The affair was compli
mentary to Miss Emelie Ethel Cohen and '
Lieutenant Charles I.yinan Bent, U.S.A. A
feature of the evening was a monologue enter- j
tainment given lv Flank Lincoln. A supper
' ended the pleasant affair.
Mr. and Mrs. A. W. Scott Jr. gave a progres- \
sive euchre party at their residence 305 Kuch- j
iinan- street on Friday evening, February ' 9.
The players were ranged at twelve tables and i
a spirited game was played. The victors were
awarded pretty and novel prizes. After the
game there was simper, music and dancing. I
Among: those present were the following: !
Mr. and Mrs. Davis Loudcrback, Mr. and Mrs. [
VY.-W. Shidy, Mr. and Mrs. C. H. Biinn, Mr.
and Mrs. C." E. Tost. Mr. and Mrs. D. L. Steele, |
Mr. and Mrs. J. F. Icicles, Mr. and Mrs. Deer
ir>g, Mr. and Mrs. Henry Miller. Mr. and Mrs. !
O. J. Wellington, Mr. and Mr». M. \V. McChes- j
ney, Mr. and Mrs. William Rieger, Mr. and
Mr«. S. 11. Brown. Mr. ana Mrs. Theodore !
Savage, Mr. nnd Mrs. J. Warren Dutton, Mr.
and Mrs. John McCord, Mr. and Mrs. A. W. :
Scott, Mrs. G. W. 'Smith, Miss Black. Miss Eb
betts. Miss Annie Kbbetts, Miss Clifford, Miss I
Thiron, Miss Atkinson, Mis--- Webster, Mrs. P. '
L. Angellotti, Miss Heir Miss Stephens, Miss
Harries, W. S. Lewis, J. A. Black, John Feath- I
erstone, W. A. Falls, E. T. Atkinson, G. A. !
Hawley, F. H. Scott. W. C. R'.ley, Robert Me-
Millen, F. T. Schmidt, G. 1). Louderback.
The wedding of Miss Bessie Crabb, daughter !
oi Captain Crabb of the fifth Artillery, and
Lieutenant George G. Gately of Battery D,
Fifth Artillery, was celebrated on February
.11 tit St. John's Chapel, Fort Hamilton, X. Y.
Lieutenant Gaielv and his bride are well ;
known in tilts City, and were extremely popu- i
lar in social circles during their residence at !
Cbe l'resid;o.
The tngaeement of the young rouple was i
announced in th.s city early la 1 -. fall.
Miss Lilian Brecchemin of Philadelphia ;
• was the maid of honor and Lieutenant D. W. !
Winston was best man. Rev. Mr. Russell
officiated nt the ceremony.
The bride's gown was oj white satin trimmed
with chiffon. She carried a bouquet of lilies j
oi the valley and white roses.
Miss Breechemln, the maid of honor, wore a j
dainty sown of pink organdie over pink .-ilk. I
a white chiffon bat completed the costume.
The groom and groomsmen were in lull
dr^ss uniform.
The men of Batter-.- D sent to the happy
couple a complete silver service.
HOME GATHERINGS.
Out-of-Town Party and Silver
Wedding Celebration.
On Thursday evening,- February 18, a party
v.h- given by ihe Misses Bessie and Stella
Litchtield at their home in Sobastopol. The \
house was handsomely decorated and bril
hantlj i Humiliated for the occasion. The I
early part of the evening was taken up by j
games and music. At 12 o'clock the guests i
partook oi a bountiful repast. Among those
present were: Mb- Muttie Libby, Miss Eva
Kneale, Miss Florence Amos, the Misses Marie j
and Irmn. Litchfield, the Misses Eugene and |
Emliy Moll, Miss Florence Starkey, J. P. Me- I
Donnell, Wesley Benepi, W. W. Mouroe, J. B. j
The 1 Brooklyn Citizen of February 12 says:
The Brooklyn Women's Wnist Association ;
had as its guest of honor on Wednesday morn- '
ing, at the Germania Club, P. J. Tormey of San
Francisco, director of the American Whist
B. Tlie interesting feature ol his visit
was Uie opinion he expressed regarding
woman's relation to the modern game. After
reating his own experiences as a student of
{lie game from the ume when he was an in
different player, with only luck ns his mascot,
he spoke quite 'at length of the live interest
women of the West, ru<l especially of San
-Francisco, are now taking in whist. "They
"are becoming very fine players," said Mr. Tor
mey. "Why? Because tney are willing to
study long and carefully. Were I choosing
• peopje for a tournament I would select fifty
women' to play against fifty men, and feel
pr>".v certain thai the former would win.
'Tthink it is a very great accomplishment
for a woman to play an expert game of whist,
and I believe further that it should be pait of
a 'girl's education. I should like to see it
taught in our universities and hope at some
time it will be introduced into tiie private
schools of .San Franci-sco."
Mr. Tormey congratulated the Brooklyn
Club upon its succcsmul organization, and its
•unusually large membership for its age. He
then took for a partner Mrs. Wade, one of the
* experts of the cub, and played ttie game with
her, intimidating some opponent and inspir
ing others, as he progressed from table to
table. At the conclusion of the game he said
the club numbered several fine players.
Mr. Tormey has probably done more to
. arouse interest in whisi and instigate the
scientific study of the game through the
organization of the American Whist League
than any other man m this country. Many
clubs on the Pacific Coast owe their origin
directly or indirectly to him. Being a "vrhist
crank," as he te'ras himself, he go?s about the
country, attending all the important tourna
ments and meets, gaininc the latest develop
ment of whist study, as well as diffusing his
own knowledge of the game.
The Brooklyn Women's Club was organized
about five weeks ago, with Mrs. E. V. Baker,
vile of the secretary oi ihe Men's Whist Club,
as president. Meetings are held on Wednes
day mornings in the Germsnia Club house,
and the average attendance is forty.
Women Whist-pi avjers.
Vogue, in one of its issues in January, has
one of the finest illustrations of whist-players
ever published, mid to odd to the charm they
are r!1 w.omen. Having had the pleasure of
meeting them all and playing whist with most
of them, we can speak by the card if we say a
few words in their praise. A few years ago 'we
were laughed at by some at that time high in
authority in whist circles lor even sug
gesting that women had rights in
whist clubs. Our whist clubs in San
Francisco, Oakland, Los Angeles, Petaluma
and other cities In our State would
not be self-sustaining wltnout the women.
One of the largest whisi club* on the Pacific
Coast is made up entirely of women— ths
aie Wueelock Club oi Portland, Or., wiih
' Kne9le, W. J. Hickey, Steve Meeker, Alanson
! Folger.
Mr. and Mrs. Philip Furst celebrated their
I silver wedding on Sundny evening last by giv
i ing a lerge dinner party to their many rela
| tives nnd most intimate friends «t their home,
2831 Pine street, corner of Httker. They were
: the recipients of many costly presents. The
I House was most benutilully decorated, the
spacious parlors being handsomely garlanded
i with smilax and white blossoms. Violets
were strewn along the tables nnd their sweet
fragrance permeaied the entire bouse. Not
i the least interesting feature of the event wn«
1 the announcement of the betrothal of Miss
! Gertrude Furst to J. Jacobs, the popular
! salesman with the firm of Meyerstein <fc Son.
! several original poems, both in German and
, English, were read by the toastmaster, H. Gnt
stadt, and also one by Miss Helen Schnrlach.
i A large number of congratulatory teiegrams
I were received and read. Dinner over dancing
i lollowcd, Interspersed by vocal selections,
\ rendered by Miss Tillle Shemansky, 11. Adler
j and Mrs. M. Warshauer.
Those present were: Mr. and Mrs. H. Bash,
i Mr. and Mr*. 11. Fur-a, Mr. and Mrs. J. She
mansky. Mr. and Mrs. I. Jacobs, Mr. snd Mrs.
A. Beizel, Mr. and Mrs. A. Weiler, Mr. and
Mis. Si Green. Mr. and Mrs. M. Wnrshauer, Mr.
j and Mrs. I. Shemansky. Mr. and Mrs. S. Spiro,
: Mr. and Mrs. Charles Green, Mr. and Mrs. H.
i Adler, Mr. and Mrs. H. Gutstadt, Mr. and Mrs.
; I. Abrams, Mrs. H. Riess, Miss Clara Riess,
Mrs. K. Heiuenian, Mrs. T. Scharlach, Miss H.
' Scharlach, J. Jacobs, Miss Gertrude
Furst, Miss Bertha Gutstadt, Joseph Heine
; man, Miss Tillie Shemansky. Maloyn Furst,
Miss E. Weiler, I. Wehle, Miss Mattie Furst
and Miss Han mi h Cohen.
On la«t Monday evening the Misses Mac and
Helena Xolan entertained a lew friends with
progressive whist. Six tables of players en
joyed a competitive game, which resulted in |
Miss Ida Brown and D. Beede being awarded
the first prize, while Miss Mac Reiily and Mr. ;
Hotter received the booby prizes. Dancing
concluded the evening's enjoyment. The
favors of the occasion were valentines of
unique designs, the distribution of which
caused much amusement.
Miss Emma C. Eaton entertained a number
of friends at a progressive whist party at her
home. 2031 Steiner street, Friday evening,
February 12. A delicious supper was served
at midnight, after which da. icing was kept up
until a late hour. Tho«e preseut were: Mrs.
Thomas Arcrter, Miss Emma Eaton, Miss C.
Jones, Miss Emrye llabenicht, Miss Nan Van
Wyck, Miss Susie Darneal, Miss Olive Wheaton,
Miss a. Simpson; Messrs. Thomas Archer,
Arthur Williams, Dr. B. Foulkes, F. Fourney,
William P. Humphreys, Noble Eaton, Mr.
Grace. C. Van Wyck, Mr. McCaully.
A pleasant society event was the dance given
Friday evening in the e.egant bachelor apart
ments recently fitted up by Jay Gould and
Clarence Burke at 512 Eddys treat. Among
those present were the Misses Patch, Walters,
King. Mason, Connell, Dixon, Kelly, Hepburn,
and Messrs. H. J. Page, R. T. Guun, James
I. Haye», Ueorgt Fleming, J. H. Firth and EL
I. Bennett. Mrs. P. L. Gruudy chapcrontd the
party.
A valentine party was given by Master Cari
H. Johnson at nis residence, .">"»0 Hamsun
sireet, Saturday evening. A most enjoyable
evening was spent in dancing, music, songs
and games. Miss R. Hunt knd Masters Kin,
Johnson, Al and H. Hunt gave delightful in
strumental selections. The parlors were artis
tically decorated with flowers. After supper
dancing was resumed and continued into the
"wee sma" hours oi St. Valentine's day.
Miss S. Florence Douglas held toer usual
monthly entertainmet at the Women's Educa-
Uonal and Industrial Union, Tuesday evening,
February 10. 'ihe following numbers were
rendered: Instrumental selection, Bnnphony
Musical Club; vocal duet, "Life's Drf-aru Is
O'er." Mrs. .1. Harmon Ca.-key and Miss .Jemie
< asati 9mando''in BDd guitar quintet. Misses
Marie Sorbier, Madeline O Xeil und S PI
Douglas and MesfeTS. Wil.lam nnfl
Br >wn; vocal sulo, "The Vaga t>i<nd," B. E, M.
llibber ; instrumental selection, Symphony
Musica> CluD.
Mr. and Mrs. Frank Bates entertained some
friends at a dinner February 12. the occasion
being the celebration of their twelfth anni
versary. Covers were laid for twelve.
Charles Lyons introduced his debutante
daughter, Miss Beatrix Lyons, at a dance on
Thursday even in? last at Devisadero Hall.
Those present were: Mr. and Mrs. E. X. Fritz.
Mr. and Mrs. A. J. Fo.ev, Mr. and Mrs. F.
Hosier. Dr. and Mrs. F. \V. Harris, Miss Bud
Friedlander. Mr-. Abrahams, Miss Cora Kelcey,
Miss May O'Toole, Mr- W. G. Ricaardson, Miss
Madge Richardson, Miss Grace Ware. Dick
Friedlander. Miss Adeline Muiler, Mi«s Rivers,
Miss Stella Fay, Miss Maud Fay, Mis* Nan
Maxwell. Mrs. Arthur Barendt, Miss
lily Sherwood, Miss Teresa Snerwood
Charles Hlldebrandt. George Chrlstenson,
Charles O'Kane, Tom O'Toole, Walter Burner,
Miss Lottie Judson, Leonard Schwartz, J. 11,
Stephen*, Emmet Ball i Mr. Long, Mr.
Wolf, Miss Hrannan, Benjamin Sturtlevant
Mr. Wheeler. Will Gottscholl, Tom Bas«, Tom
Keanc, Miss Edith Bass, Mrs. E. A. Judson,
Mr. Rivers, Horace Morgan, Dr. Mark F. Stone.
Miss Di Goiden, Miss Bowman, Miss Susie Li-
Kan, Arthur Barendt, Miss May Farley, Miss
Lid a Farley, Miss Nellie Lyons, Gerald "Lyons,
Miss Beatrix Lyons, Mr. and Mrs. Charles
Lyons.
A musicaie was given by J. E. Nir kols, the
well-known tenor, last Sunday evening at his
residence on i,arkin street.
The affair was largely attended and no pains
were spared by the host and Mrs. B. Tooth
Mre. L. W. Pit ton for president, |who has
proven herself iv many a whist contest to
be equal if not .s uperior to many of the sterner
bex. The whist-players whose portraits adorn
a double page of Vogue are : Our whist queen.
Miss Kate Wheelock (adopted daughter of the
whole Pacific coas-t); Miss liessie Allen of Mil
waukee; Mrs. William Fenolossa of Salem,
Mass.; Miss Gertrude Clapp of New York: Mr-.
Wlllium Henry Newbold, Mrs. 1. H. Andrews.
Mrs. Mary D. I'Levick, Mrs. Miuon C. Work
and Mrs. Kodman Wister of Philadelphia;
Mrs. Francis D. Dallam of Baltimore.
The whist writer who displayed snch ex-
quisite taste in getting up the work of art
may be gratified to learn tbat we think
enough of it to hnve it framed and It is now
hanging in our clubrooms.
We liave learned sincci writing the above
that Mrs. Margaretta WitteraH Wallace, presi
dent of the Kaie Wheelock Club of Staten
Island, is responsible for the artistic display of
woman whist celebrities.
Systems of Whist Play.
By Milton C. Work in the Philadelphia Even-'
ing Telegraph.
The whist student who to-day attempts to
j keep up to date by reading all that is pub-
I hshed about his iavoriie game mustdevote.
almost his entire time to that purpose; but
even supposing that he is so situated that he
has the opportunity and inclination 10 thus
employ himself, what is tho result? He may
t go into a match with all the published sys-
I terns firmly lodged in his cranium, but ho
I will probably find the game is practically won
or lost before he can bo sure just whica one of
j them his adversaries have adopted.
We have now so many different "systems,"
I so multitudinons an array of "plays" and
j theories that !n the absence of DOfitive Infor
mation op. the subjec. he is Indeed a foolish
player who places much confidence in deduc
| tions to be drawn from plays made by the ad
versary. For example, a recent match had
been concluded lor forty-eignt hours before
one team knew that the other had played the
"rotary discard."
Now, no one can question the entire pro
priety under existing legislation for a team to
play the "rotary" or any other system of dis
card that has been published, to adopt the
American lead*, the uon-lnformatory leads,
the trump-showing leads, the Howell leads,
the Foster leads or any ether of the numerous
ystemsof leads that have bean promulgated
'■ in print, but if, as is most apt to be the case,
I the adversaries do not know until the contest
is over just which system is in use, what have
they gained by the tact tnat a punlished and
| not a private system has been used?
Tde preseui suite of aflairs seems to be that
By Milton C. Work in the Philadelphia Even-'
ing Telegraph.
The whist student who to-day attempts to
j keep up to date by reading all that is pub-
I hshed about his favorite game mast devote
almost his entire time to that purpose; but
even supposing that he is so situated that he
has the opportunity and inclination to thus
employ himself, what is tho result? He may
t go into a match with all the published sys-
I terns firmly lodged is his cranium, but ho
I will probably find the game is practically won
or lost before he can be sure just whica one of
j them his adversaries have adopted.
We nave now so many different "systems,"
so multitudinons an array of "plays" and
j theories that !n the absence of doMUvc Infor
mation op. the subjec'. he is Indeed a foolish
player who places much confidence in deduc
| tions to be drawn from plays made by the ad
versary. For example, a recent match had
been concluded for forty-eignt hours before
one team knew that the other had played the
"rotary discard."
Now, no one can question the entire pro
priety under existing legislation for a team to
play the "rotary" or any other system of dis
card that has been published, to adopt the
American leads, the uon-informatory leads,
the trump-showing leads, the Howell leads,
the Foster leads or any other of the numerous
ystemsof leads that have bean promulgated
'■ in print, but if, as is most apt to be the case,
J tho adversaries do not know until the contest
is over just which system is in use, what have
they gained by the tact tnat a punlished and
j not a private system has been used?
j Tiie present suite of affairs seems to be that
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1897.
acher, who proved an ex&e^ent chaperon,
in making the evening one to bs long remem
bered by those present.
Among the musical contributions were vocal
solos by Messrs. Nickols and Williams, Arthur
Conreich, Professor McKenzie, Leonard rtauis
ler, Mrs. Ernest Nnrjot aud Miss M. Larson.
Professor Charles Weisel and J. Guillaume Fla
mn.ni presided at tiie piano, and all were well
received.
Among those present were: J. K. Xiekols,
Mrs. K. Moore, Harry Williams, Mrs, W. K.
Owens, J. 11. Wheeler, Miss M. Larson, Mrs. E.
Xarjot, Mrs. X. Xesson. Mrs. E. Kramer, J.
| Jacobs, Miss B. Jacobs. H. Aronson. Mrs.
I B. ana Miss A. Tootimcher, Professor J. W. Mc
j Konzie, Professor Biid Mrs. Charles: T\>i«el, B. T.
llaussler, Mr. and Mrs. J. Hayes, Mr. and Mrs.
E. G. William* Mr. and Mrs. 11. Glbb, Mr. and
Mrs. C. J. Wtssou, (i. Washburu, Artnur Con
reich and Professor J. 6. Flamsnt.
Mr. and Mrs. I. c. Earle, who have been
visiting in this Ci-y and State since their arrival
in January from Boston. Mass., were tendered
a farewell reception on Saturday evening, Feb
ruary '27, at the residence of their brother, 11.
G. Earle, on Steiner street. The entertainment
I took the form of a family reunion. There was
an elaborate dinner served at which were
seated: Mr. and Mrs. I. C Earle, Mr. and Mr«.
B. A. Earle, Mr. and Mrs. B. G. Eorle, Mr. and
Mr-. ,1. 11. Humphreys, Mr. and Mrs. Robert
Eonner of Berkeley, Mr. and Mrs. S. A. Earle
ir., Mr. and Mrs. E. G. Mucßaine, A. G. Earle,
V. A. Earle, MNs Carrie B. Enrie, Miss )rene
il umphrevs. Mnster Earle H. Bovver, Master
Earle G. Macßaine.
••
THEY'RE ENGAGED.
Preparing for Fashionable and
Spring Weddings.
Mr. and Mrs. Philip Furst announce the en
gagement of their daughter Gertrude to J.
Jacobs. They will be pleased to sec their
friends Sunday, March 7, from 2 to .> r. M.,
at 2831 I'me street.
Tve eugftfnnei < is announced of Miss Ella
E. Solomon and Henry H. B'ck. They will rc
crive ."undfty, March 7. between 1 and 5, at 17
Hyde street.
SURPRISE PARTIES.
Henry Reigle Celebrates His Eirth
day Anniversary.
A surprise party was tendered last Monday
evening to Harry Reigle at his resident*-*, 2310
Taylor street, in honor of tne anniversary of
his birth. Music, singing, dancing, checkers,
cards ami billiards were the amusements of
t!;p evening. At midnight refreshments were
served, after v.-hicn dancing was in order until
the snull hour of morning. The following
participated in the affair: Mr. and Mrs. H.
Reigle, Mr. and Mrs. Kurd'ck. Mrs. Erate.
Mr--. Colston, the Misses Winnifred Kane,
Marguerite Welsh, Frieda Heunigan, Minnie
Hart-el, Mamie Healey, Lottie Smith, Katie
Smith, 'lulcey Whittman, Mamie Huuhes,
Ka:ie Hughes, Masters f'rangle Voslettey,
Claton Reigle, John Whalan, Walter Jamison,
Henry Hennigan. Joseph Voslettey, AlDert
Erat-, Eugene Hurcade, Thomas" Koblson,
Claus Addlin, Patrick Farley, Willie Murry,
John Kane, Patrick Kane, Mr. Hanson, Mr.
Burck, Mr. Herman, Mr. Voslettey, Mr. Cowen,
Mr. iJoudoleiy.
A pleasant surprise party was tendered to
i : { rv (• v Q P^> tj\ ) #FJTfc
» a team, sacn as St. Paul, for example, which
I has In its membership a whist writer of
ability, who airs all the plays and theories of
i his team in print, is placed at somewhat of a
I disadvantage. Fortunately, however, there is
a method by which the situation may, with
j out great difficulty, be somewhat relieved in
I the near future.
If the committee on systems of play ap
pointed by the league makes a report which
is adopted by the league, we will then have
an A. W. L. system. We do not expect that
this action will cause any team to deviate in any
appreciable degree from its preconceived no
tion of what is and what is not trick-winning
play, and we do not believe that the good of
the game would be enhanced by such a course,
as the necessary result of a unanimous follow
ing of one system would be lack of advance
ment, but we do believe that the league
system could be used as a standard for the
adoption of a rule that any team about to par
ticipate in a challenge match should, a cer
tain designated length of time prior to the
match, inform its opponent in wnat respect
or respects its system differed from that
adopted by the league.
The following deal was played a few even
ings ago in the Chicago Whist Club and sent
to us by Mr. John T. Mitchell:
♦— J, 10, 9, 8, 7, 3
V— J, 9, G
0=0.8.5
0-Q, 8.5
N j
♦-a, <; * | *_q
O--A, <i. 7, 5 ■ w •_, v— 4, 3
+-7,6,3,2 W E ♦-A,K,Q,10.9,8.
O— 3. 2 ! 0-A, 0 (5, 4
__S [
A-K.5,4. 2
O-KlO, 8,2
O— K, 10, 9, 7, 4.
Deuce of heart* trumps. West to lead.
The winning card is underscored.
1
2.....
3
4...
5.... ...-.;".•..::
6 :-.. ;;•;*.•■;:
7........;;.;.^
8...
9-.....;......
BOOTH. 'WEST. \
. 70 JO 19
-J>P__ 20
2O 50
- IOC? ; q£,
- K o i ao
100 ' 7O
80 *O
KQ 2+
40 6*
~inr a» '
4* 3+
5* j 6 +
*♦ I 74.
! NORTH.
• MM :
60
80
JO
EAST.
3O
4O
Q*
A +
5*
8+
4*
9 +
10
60
3*
7*
8*
9*
IO4»
LI
! «»
is
! O
l 3
.Norm and Soutn 5, East and West a.
Miss A. Mclntyre Saturday evening, February
20, and sineing and dancing were engaged in
until 10 o'clock, when the guests partook of a
sumptuous repast. Among those pre.-ent were:
Miss E. Aldrich, MUs M. Aldrich, MissX. Howe,
Miss T. Xeil. Miss J. Mcfntyre, Mtsa E Ready,
Miss E. Mclntyre, MU« R. Kellv, Miss L. Kelly.
F. Lane, M. Higgins. W. Kelly, F. Rowe. H.
Rowe, G. Mclleury, H. Delmas', W. Mctireevy,
J. Ryan.
A very enJoyaDle and pleasant surprise party
wa.< tendered Miss Nellie Friedman recently,
the occasion being the eighteenth anniversary
of her blrtnday. (James and dancing were in
dulged until eHrly morn. A: midnight the
guests repa.red to the dining-room, where a
sumptuous repast was herved. At the banquet
table some beautiful vocal selections were
rendered by Abe L. Friedman, assisted by the
Misses Peters, Goldman and A. S.mon. Messrs.
Reuben and Mark Morris and Louis Jacobs
furnished the music for the occasion. The
games were under the supervision of the
Misses A. Simon. H. Peters, A. Goldman and
Messrs. A. Peters, A. Fine, J. Berenson and M.
Goldman.
Among those present were: Louis Gold
man, Frank luckier. A. Tuckler, Pnilip Lew,
Mortie I^vy, Abe 8. Levy, David S.tnon, David
Monasch. Sam Shapiro, Benjami i S leyer, Abe
Karski, Abe Morris, J. Fershtand, William Col
lins, Henry Cohen, Isaac Cohen, Oito Lieb
scher, J. Harris, B. Gordon, L. Friedman, Till,
man Herring.
Miss M. Pimon, Miss Adeline Zeis. Miss Bella
Monasch. Miss Minnie Behaeider, Miss Hattie
Jarvis, Miss Teresa Goidtneyer, Miss Laura
Katka, Miss Esther Levy, Miss Hattie Peters,
Miss Annie Goldman, Miss Tillie Stark; Mr.
and Mrs. I«raei Friedman, Mr. and Mrs. A.
Goldman, Mr. and Mrs. Charles L-vy. Mr. and
Mrs. J. Peters, Mr. and Mrs. & Cohen. Mrs. H.
Cohen, Mr. and Mrs. Mendel and many others.
On Monday evening last Mrs. Caroline
Seibert, the wife of John Seibert, was tendered
a surprise party by her children at the family
reiideuce, 1110 Mission street. The occa-
Dresses That Will Be Worn at the Inaugural Ball.
sion wbs the forty-tiith anniversary of the
birthday of the iady. ond it w«s made joyous
not only by the merrynmkins, but by the
numeroux elegant presents which she re-
CPivoti. The company sat down to supper at
11 o'clock, which wac an elabora-te affair. In
the tester of the main table wa« a huge fruit
cake surmounted by an am-ol with the same
'Mrs. Seiberi" in frostine. On either side were
the figures l^.'i'J ainl IS<>7. At the conclusion
of the supper dancing and games entertained
the guests until a late hor.r.
Among those present were: Mr. and Mrs.
Siebcrt and their five chi.dren, Daniel, Johh
A., Annie, Mary and Emma slebert, and M'ss
Emma ('mm, Mi«s Emiiy McNamara. H. Cook.
Kdwara Hillwood, Mug Sally dritiin. Miss
(Jrace Fanning. John Beck, Co i Rvan, James
Norton, Daniel Oweni, Joseph Frey, Mi<s An
nie sonii'rs, Isaac Hall, Grant Brooks, John
Hoilrnth, Dan McCarty, Jact yon Stadeu, Hor
ace Berry, Wl.liam Leahy, Daniel Riordan,
Mr. Knight, Miss Nellie Kiiig and Mish Annie
Libbert
CLUB GATHERINGS
Fashionable Organizations Enter
tain Their Friends.
The Music Teachers' Association of Califor
nia gave its twenty-second concert In Kohler
<fc Chase Hall on Wednesday evening, Febru
ary 24.
The entertainment was opened by the presi
dent, V. A. H. Hoffmeyer, who gave «n address
on piano schools from the time of Bach,
Trick 1. East figure* that his partner hflg
king and queen, and may let him discard the
queen of spades.
Trick 4. North knows he is leading up to a
probable ten-ace, but he figures East to have
another trump of which he must be deprived.
Trick 6. West is able to shut North out with
the seven and draws his six, and Eusc makes
the situation of the club Buit clear by discard
ing the ace. The rest Is easy.
What Is the f roper Lead?
Reno, Nev.. January 29, 1897.
Whist Editor Call .- Will you kindly indicate
the proper lead from this hand— that is, the
one most likely to make tricks, all things con
sidered: Jack of Spades turned by East; South
to lead and holds:
Spades— 6.
Heart*— A, X, 3, 2.
Clurs-A, J. 8, 4.
Diamon is— A, 7, 64.
Without any hesitation we should say the
best trick-winning lead is tho king oi hearts.
We know of a good many who play at the
game who would jump at the opportunity of
leading the lone trump, but we think sound
whist play is to lead the king of hearts and
wait developments.
■ Rubbers " Versus Qames.
In England whist-players speak of playing a
"rubber." which means the best two out
of three 5 -point games. "Honors" are
also counted. If one side happens to have
the four "honors" dealt them they »core four.
8o it is easily seen that in the English game
luck is a great factor. For many years we
never played whist without counting honors;
but «he formation of the American Whist
League, with its code of laws, wiped honors
out and madethe game consist of seven points.
This game of seven points without honors was
first played In one of the leading whist clubs
of Paiis in 1843. The great Deschapelles was
the father of it
Solitaire Whist
WhUt for February nas on its front page an
illustration of four players engaged in the
game of solitaire whi6t. This game is one of
the newest and latest innovations and can be
piayed by any number of single individuals,
providing each one ait at the table exactly the
same aa illustrated. •
Whist says the accompanying out represents
the chamDion team of the Milpiias Whist Club
indulging in this innovation. The player on
the right ig the president of the Pacitlc Coast
Whtst Association, an organization started
here about tvo years ago to promote interest
111 the same in the Jar West, tie is a »trong
touching upon the methods of Clementi and
Czerny, down to the present time.
The following is the programme of the even
ing in full:
Address by the president, M. T. A. C
Piano duet, " Les SyipheH" G. itachmann
Miss Lillian Wallace and Mrs. Pearl
Leigh Carleioc
Banjo solo, "Love anil Beauty" T. Armstrong
Miss Nellie Chase. ■
Vocal solo, "For All Eternity".. ...... Mascheroni
Miss Ousjle Dawson.
Piano solo, "Sonata Pathetiqufi"
l.udwlßvon Beethoven
Alexius O. Eckman.
Piano trio, "Der Fre schutz"
(Arranged by V. Crag. op. 816, No. 2)
Miss ilora P«r«onn, Alls* Cordia Parsons,
Miss Vera Motfiu.
Sacred selections, "^anctns and Agnus Del"...
..From seven in mass, in F .sharp (Pentatonlc)
Joseph Roeckel.
Soloists— Mine. hllen toursen- Koeckel,
Miss Grace Cherry, Ha Andrea
Mojica, HclT Kd J.oiz, i.o is.
Ch Pet h ln.
Piano solo, (a) Solfeggie to, C minor F.Bach
(6) Rondo. «.' major Beethoven
Master Eugene Flanchard.
Caprice, •■Palace of Fnanlon" V. Mansfield
I). Mansfield and pupils.
Fantasia, "The Bloom is on the l?yc"
: Titus Mattel
■ Miss Alice Helms.
Vocal solo, (a) "Just foe To-day" J. B. Abbott
(6) "Vocal Stud/" I. ...FranzAbt
Miss >ella a. Zoble.
Piano so.o, "Kh >psodie Hoiurolse" F. Liszt
Miss Oe.iine Ooetjen. -
The Mission Literary and Social Club gave
their twelfth pnrty at Union-square Hall, Tues
day, February 23. The large audience present
was delightfully entertained. After an over
ture by tne orchestra the i olio wing programme
was presented:
Overture D'Arcy's orchestra
Choice selections by request
President James P. Orinin.
Topical songs Selected
Miss JuanuaCoad, memoerof me McKeu
zie Musical society.
Tenor solo Selected
Harry J. Dinao.
Recitation "Angela"
Miss Hattio Collopy, member of Hawthorne
ciub.
"The Two Bonnycastles," farce in qne act, under
the direction of Walter H. Tai«en.
Sir. Stuii«siiit Henry G. Leffmann
Mr Jonn James Johnson Marshal Mackenzie
Mr. Bouny cattle, alias Jeremiah Jorum
' .W. 11. Taiseu
Mrs. Bonny castle Miss Am* la C'anriago
Helen, niece to fmuggios .Mi.-.* r.Nie Quedens
Patty Miss Isabella Allen
Dancing, was Then inaugurated and con
tinued until midnight.
The Jolly Jokers' Social C!ub gave a party
Saturday evening, February 20, at the resi
dence of Miss Sallu Saubenneimer, 2122 Rail
road avenue, Ainmeuv The evening was
■pent in a very enjoyable manner. A splen
did entertainment was arranged, after which
came games and then dancing.
Cherry Camp, \V. O. AW, gave its first ball on
Friday evening lost, which was attended by
the principal social people of San Leandro.
The arrangements were most elaborate, es*
pcciaiiy the decora tionn, which were exceed
ingly lastelul. This, with the exquisite cos
tuinei of the ladies, nimle up a beautiful
picture. Music was furnished Dy a San Fran
cisco orchestra. The committee in charge was
J. W. Haas, Dr. J. P. Tormey, C. H. Carroll. T.
J. Johnson and Walter Locke. The latter gen
tleman ncted as floor maneger.
i The Swedish and Finnish Relief Society had
its tilth masquerade ball nt the I'nlon
s^uare Hah on the Uth of February. Tne af
fair was n great ibcOOMi
"I (iondolien" held their second party last
Saturday evening at Beethoven H&li, and not
withstanding tht- unpleasant weather the at
tendance was exceedingly large. The hall
was handsomely decorated in red and white.
Among those present uvre: Mis* Aida I.
Pbarooro, Miss Charlotte E. Borlini, Miss Olive
Sartori, Miss Emma Grondona. Miss Kato
Campodonico, Miss Romilda Frapolli, Ml>s
Henrietta Merlo, Miss Stella Putrschi, Mi«t> L.
Beretta. M;ss R. Beretta, Miss A. Frayolli, Miss
Margaret M. Fontaim. Mi>s Nina Spadina,
Miss Vera Panario, Miss Anita Celia, Miss
Margaret Olcese, Mrs. Ulcese. Mrs. Chichizola,
Miss T. Chichizola. Mrs. A. Atata, Miss A. R.
Arata, Miss N. Ferroggiaro, Miss L. Baci
galupi, Miss L. Devoto, Mrs. G. B.
I.evacgi. Miss A. LevaPKi, Mrs. J. Pposito,
the Misses Sposito, the Misses Roitanzi, Miss
M. Btevcnot, Miss A. Kavanaph, Mrs. C. J.
Lercari, Miss Marie Mart-hand, Miss Rita Mar
chand, Mrs. J. A. BplnetU, Miss Burnett. Miss
Maude Thociason. Miss Lillye Thomason. Ml-s
I>. le Brrt, Miss M. D. Taffee, Mis* A. Dcv in,
; Mrs. C A. Kron, Miss Annie Btker, Miss Glee
| son, Miss Laura Fox, Miss Mro A. Sullivan,
| Miss L. J. Wilson, Mrs. £. G. Zeiro. Mitts L.
advocate of the introduction of whist in our
colleges and universities. The player on the
left is well known tn San Francisco as the
president of the Trist Duplicate Wlilst Club.
The player facing the render is a director of
the American'Whlst League. The player with
,his back ;o the render is whist editor of the
San Franc. sco Call. The picture, with a dc
s ription of same, is published in The Call's
"Whist Don'ts" and can be had for the asking.
They are not for sale, but given away.
The first game of the season for the Ridecut
trophy wbs .played on the 22d between the
Petaluma Whist Club, challengers, and the
San Francisco Whist Club, defenders, In the
rooms of the latter club. Each team was com
posed of ladies, and the match resulted in a
vic.orv for the San Francisco Club, the score
being: San Francisco, 29; Petaluma, 18. Net
gain for San Francisco, 11. Tho clubs were
represented by the following players: Peta
luma—Mrs. E. Denman, Mrs. J. L. Camm, Mips
Nellie Denman, Mr. O. P. McNear; San Fran
cisco—Mrs. George E. Bates, Mtss S. Jenkins,
Mrs. H. W. Bell, Mrs. Cooper.
We clip the following from the Washington
Post: "Mrs. Abbie E. Krebs, a prominent
whist-player o: California, is at the Cochran
and is playing with the Women's Whist Club,
where she has gained the reputation of being
a very fine player."
P. J. Tormey of San Francisco, president of
the Pacific Coast Whist Association and of the
Trist Duplicate Wnist Club, has been sojourn
ing in Brooklyn for the past ten days and has
been in almost dally attendance at the Brook
lyn Whist Club, of which no ia a member.—
Brooklyn Eagle.
Our whist queen, Miss Kate Wheelock, is
now in .New York, where rhe has more wnist
classes than she can possibly attend to. She
tells us it is hardly possible to set a date when
she csn come to the Pacific Coast.
Mr. and Mrs. William C. DeWitt, both of
whom are enthusiastic players, entertained
our Whist Editor on the evening of Lincoln's
birthday by giving a whist party. Mr. DeWitt
was in a vury happy mood and in fine condi
tion for a good game, as he stated at 6 :20 that
same evening he completed the draft of the
new charter of the Greater New York, a labor
of love for eight months.
Oar Whist Editor was initiated Into the mys
teries of wnat is called in Brooklyn "the com
mon-sense game" and "biid~e whist" at the
home of the whist editor of the Brooklyn
Eagle, E. T. Baker. R. F. Foster, whist ed
itor of the New York Sun, explained to U9 the
mysteries of "bridge whist," the game that
drove Cavendish oat of the Portland Clnb of
London, and also a game that Is warranted to
break up any whist club inside of a year; it is
a money game only.
The Brooklyn Eagle of Monday last sa^s:
There was a regular attendance at the Brook
lyn Whist Clnb Monday evening, twenty-six
tables being occupied. Tho highest score wat
made by P. J. Tormey and his partner, G. A.
LaVie, North and South, nine plus; the next
highest *core was made on East and West pair,
Mr. Tormey and Mrs. Waae made the highest
score North ana South ia the ladies' game
Friday evening.
Castacnetto, Miss Clara Baker; Dr. E. G. Cag
lieri, Dr. A. H. Giannini, A. A. Borlini. Dr. li.
J. Siirtori, C. F. Grondona, A. E. Sbarboro,
8. V. Costello. J. B. Argent!, G. Lefranchi.
George J. Panario, J. A. Devoto, C. J. Lercari,
F. Pellegatte, D. L. Perrone, G. Recoroni, E. A.
Ferrea, t. A. Cavagnaro, M. K. Steve
not, A. Kavanagh, B. Boraiko, F. El
liott, W. W. Funjre. W. H. Thompson,
Dr. C. Glover, R. Morrissey. J- M. Kelley.
James Keller, B. F. McElroy, T. Fitzpatrick, J.
M. Duffity, J. Jaeglinz, W. E. Balconi, W. G.
Baudiu. T. Greenan, G. A. Castagnetto, Golden
Fox. A. A. Michilettl, H. R. Sartori, J. A. Rou
leau, V. Lucchetti, W. R. Borlini, Dr. T.
A. Rottanzi, J. M. Campodonico, E. Cevaso,
Dr. L Bacigalupi, P. F. Sposito.
The closing dance of the Friday Cotillon
Club of Oakland was heid at Masonic Hall on
Friday evening, February 19. The hall was
artistically decorated with ferns and potted
plants and brilliantly illuminated with
colored incandescent iisht«. The germnn
was ably led by Miss Miller, the many uniqus
and beautiful figures being a feature of the
occasion.
Among those present were: The Misses
Enid and Nettie Yale, Miss Mabel Holmes',
Miss Amy White, Miss Hines, Miss B-ntrke
Curtis, MissKtnsey, Miss Miller, Mi?s Conklin,
Miss Rued, Miss McMurray, Miss Underwood,
Miss Halsey, Miss Buckley, Miss Waller, Miss
Mifalt, Miss Watson, Mis« Schultze, Miss
Ticknor. Miss Polar Read, Miss Hopfcln*, Mia
Morris, Miss Lulu Read. Miss Breillnu ; Messrs.
Emile Whitp, Robert White, Mr. Fay, Mr. R >■-
borough, Mr. Pearce, Frrtnk Ruaoiph, Mr.
Ticknor. Mr. Russ, H^rbett Bailey, Milton
Bailey, Eugene Tricou, Lucien Tricou, Charles
Laurie and Dr. Bdvaxu.
A delightful rnusicale was given at the
King's Daughter*' Horn? on the Oth of Febru
ary. The followinc programme, under the di
rection of James Fuller, was well received by
the large audience Dresent:
"An Old Rhyme," Miss Hanks; "The Holy
City," Mrs. Kerr; instrumental. "The Birds"
(Grieg), Miss Wheeler; "My Dream." Mrs.
ispalding; "Hi; Was a Prince," Mrs. Kerr; reci
tation, Miss Morrison; "Alas." Mrs. Spalding;
"Ruth and Naomi." Mrs. Kerr; "An Arme
nian Lullaby," Mis Hanks; recitation, MiSI
Morrison; "In Old Madrid," Mrs. Kerr.
SAILED AWAY.
Fashionables Who Will Pass the
Spring at the Islands.
Among those sailing on the steamer Austrd
lia lor Honolulu Tueslay, February 23, were:
Captain Z. Allen, Mrs. W. G. Ashley and chil
dren, Eugene Bernheimer, Thomas Blyth and
wife, S. H. Boardman, J.W. Butler and wile,
A. J. Cartwnght, Mrs. Bruce Cartwrlght, Dr.
W. F. Charming, H. S. Charming, A. F. Clarke,
Mrs. Frank Davey and three children, Mfc-B
Alice Deming, T. T. French and wife, J. P.
Groom, J. P. Hallady, Mrs. G. H- Ho. den, A.
W. Kennedy, T. A. Kennedy &n<F wife, J. H.
Kirkpatriclt, Mrs. J. C. Kirkpatrick, R. J. Lilile,
J. H. Madden, Dr. W. F. McConkey, Miss Lucy
McGuire, J. N. Murdock, Mi*s V. E. Nenmanu.
Miss Newlands. Mr?. A. PreubS, H. U. Rei<i,Mrs.
A. Sclimacher, William Waterhouse, P. L.
Weaver Jr., Miss J. S. Wilson, Charles Biyth.
IN THE FUTURE.
Announcement Made of Recep
tions, Entertainments, Etc
There will tea coucrt and ball given under
the auspices of the Cuban Alliance of San
Francisco, assisted by the El Pinal Bandurri*
Club, on Saturday evening, Maron t>, at
Apolio Hall, 810 Pacific street, for the beuetit
of the Cuban war sufferers.
Golden Era Circle will give a social on Thurs
day evening, March 4, in Social Hail, Alcazar
building.
The opening picnic of Shell Mound Park will
be held on Sunday, March 7.
The Sketch Club have sent invitations to
their friends for an afternoon at their club
rooms, 508 Montgomery street, to see a
Danbisrny. a Klvcr. a Gabriel and other Works
of art loaned by Mrs. Hugo Taussig, who was
fortunate in securing them during a recent
visit to Europe.
The Mystics will hold their twenty-eighth
evening dress party at the Native Sons' Hall
on Tuesday evening.
A reception will be held at the residence of
Mr. and Mrs. Herman Olcovich, at 1710
Geary street, in honor of the engagement of
their daughter. Florence Oicovicn, to Henry
Golds tons of tilt- firm of Goidstoue Bros, of
this City, on this Sund. y, February 2S.and also
Wednesday next, from li to 5 p. m.
A charming cantata entitled, "A Dream of
Fairyland," is now i»: preparation at the Mis
sion, and will be produced at .Mission Opera
hall the 11th and 12th of March. Thiscantata
Is lull of beautiful transformations and charm
ing songs, and the participants are beincr care
fully trained under the management of Mrs. J
M. reel, assisted by Miss Gertrude Wolfe, Miss
Lila Berry and otners. r» v
The Pioneer Dancing Club will give their
lif ih party at California Hall on Tuesday even
ing, March 2.
Alcatraz Circle. F. of 6. P., will giv« a
masquerade nt Eintrachl Hail ou Saiuraay
evening, March 0.
The Golden Gates will hold their forty-first
party "kit California Halt on Thursday evening,
March 11. *'
The Independence Social Club will have its
monthly dance on Friday evening next at
Mozart Hall, 1358 Market street. V
PERSONALS.
Hon. and Mrs. Paris Kilburn win receive
their friends on Thursdays, at 1201 Tayior
street.
Mrs. D. Anerbach haß returned from South
ern California and will be pleased to see her
friends at 523 O'Farrell street.
Mrs. George Silverstein will be nt home the
first Thursday of each mouth at WHi}., Golden
Gate avenue.
Miss Vesta Shortridge, who was home from
Notre Came College, Pan Jose, for a f ,-w days,
has returned to college.
At the ennual meeting of Laurel Hall Club
the following officers were elected for the en
sum? year: President, Mrs. I. Loweuberg;
vice-president, Mrs. L. C. Lane; recording
secretary, Mrs. J. W. Edwards; corresponding
secretary, Mrs. E!ia M. Sexton; treasurer,
Mme. Emilia Tojetti; executive commKiee—
Mrs. P. IX Jewetl (chairman). Mrs. J. Brandt,
Mrs. R Carniany, Mrs. E. R. Taylor, Mrs Dor
villeLtbby, Mrs! W. P. Keyston.
Mrs. Chester Thorne and family, of Tscoma ;
Mr*. Hoxe of Los Angele-s Mis. Van Hunter of
Portland; C. A. Hollan. wife, maid mid sons,
of British Columbin; Mr. Maze and E. Maze,
of the Dalies, have been spending the winter
at Prto Robies.
Miss C. Lehnhardt and Miss Harriet Tay ex
pect to leave New York for Itnly on the
steamer Werra. soiling March 6. Tney will be
chaperoned by Mrs. R. W. Paulsen.
J. L. Moody, Miss Mood? and Miss Estrada of
San Francisco are registered at Paso Robles
Frauk Bradford and wife are visiting fritnas
in Los Angales and Pasadena.
Jtirues Jacobson has left for the south. He
will be absent fTom the City during the month
of March.
Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Mone of this City have
. KEW 10-DAI-DKT GOODS
(TnT" , Immense reduction
S^^ tor a few days to close out broken assortments of colors. J)
_^x Nothing but fashionable colorings offered. /y
<$ N. & L First Quality Moire and W[
_Jp Gros Grain Satin Edge Ribbons:
H^S. v o ' o"^ 1 111 15 inch . former price 7', c yd ) y«l« D«:«« .tl j As
l~*> " '* " " " U>G ** I Sale Price 2ac yd \&L
\& No. 5-W.dth^ inch, former price l^c yd , p^ fc ,
S> H^*l*»* ior^^ir^\ Sale Price lOe yd T/
S> SS W . ! . dth |^ j^ y(| U&>
Also 15,000 yards of (m 7
N^g No. 22-Satin and Gros Grain Ribbon, 3 inches wide, in \ OAp^J .
- mi coiorS| &c. ••»,.»■»■»..,.,, ( yUC ill
XTRA SPECIAL! V~~"~,
;^^te«^^;; ic %^» : §^j»gi i Sale Price 23eyd
125-127-129-131 KEARNY STREET
leased the Monacco cottage, in Sausalito,
Which they will make their home lor two
years.
N. Drident and wife of Marysville are spend
ing a few weeks at Paso RoDles.
Dr. John J. Kiugwel. of this City left for San
Salvador last Thursday, to be goue a number
of months.
Mr. and Mrs. Frank D. Bates spent a few days
at the Del Monte this week.
Mr. and Mrs. C. F. Rucyon were guests at the
Del Monie this week.
Mr. and Mrs. Irvine Graham and family vill
return to their home in this City on the let,
after a long stny in Mill Valley.
Mrs. William H. Crocker and family are
passing a couple of months at Santa Barbara.
Mr. and Mrs. Edward G. SchmiedoU (nee Ale-
Cutchen) returned to the City on Friday, Feb
ruary 19, an-i are at the Palace Hotel. Sincj
their wedding they have niaue a complete
tour of the world.
Mr. and Mr-. Neville Castle (nee Scott) will .
pass the spring m-mths in t>an Jose.
Colonel Char.es F. Crocker hr.s been at
Coronado and Los Angeles during the past
week.
Mrs. William Alvord is convalescing after
a:> illness of about three months.
Mr. and Mrs. J. B. f-chroeder have returned
to their home near Redwood City after pass
ing the yinter here. They were accompanied
by Miss Maude Ingle Francis of Peoria, 111.
Dr. Grant Pe'.fndgo is out again after six
weeks' confinement at home from an attnek of
irtsiiarial lover. The strain \has, however,
prostrated Mrs Sellridge, who will be kept in
lier home for a couple of weeks. Upon her
recovery Dr. and Mrs. Self ridge will go to Sau
Rafael to remain several months.
J.W. Byjne is visiting his brother, Callaghan
Byrne, in Los Angeles ior a fortnight.
Mrs. A. L. Redding nnd family have re
turned to the City and are residing at the Ho
tel Bella Vista.
Mrs. James Cunningham and her children
have returned from the East.
Dr. Clarence L. Heller left tor Europe last
Thursday and will be away three years.
lira. J. N. Knowles and family have returned
to their home in Oakland after a prolonged
visit in the Eastern States.
Mis. Lanj-in* M liner is now the guest of her
daughter, Mrs. Karl G. Plate, in San Jose. Bh
will leave there soon to visit Mrs. Horse-
Bin i:chnrd Chase.
Mrs. B. Bhnn is visiting her parents, Captain
and Mrs. Benson ol S*O Jose.
Mr. and Mr-. C. F. Koni or San Mateo have
been passing » lew days at the Palace Hotel
during the week.
Mrs. Jane L. Stanford left for Washington
D. C. last Wednesday eveuing in her private
car.
Mrs. Julius Phillips will be at homo flrst
and third Mondays of each month, Hotel Bal
timore.
HOW TOM ASHBY
GOT HIS BRIDE
Bashful Lover on the Yukon
Visited by a Court
Dscision.
Had to Wei His Intended cr Be
Fined and Go to Prison
a Year.
A strange and interesting story has
reached here from rv mote Circle City, on
the Yukon River, showing bow the min
ers there stoutly champion the cause
|of the ladies against all comer.- 1 . If. is
j sometimes hard on some of the sterner
! sex, bui they arc supposed to be able to
.' stand it.
Not long since Thoraa9 Ashby, a young
' man prominently connected with a lead
j ing Southern family, and who, with his
j brother, Oscar Ashby, recently la San
! Francisco, had been for several years on
the Yukon, was courting Miss Mary-
Andrews of Circle City. Miss Andrews is
young and highly regarded on the Yukon.
Sb«> has some Russian and Indian blood,
and is described as being a brunette wi.h
a very fair complexion, regular features,
and hau<l3ome withaL
Sne lived for some time In the family of
George T. Baldwin, who had charge of
the Yukon exhibit at the Mi iwinter Fair,
when he was at the head o: the Alaska
Trading Company's atoie at Circle City.
Everybody along that part of the river
was acquuinU'd with her, and it is said
that at least 100 miners stood ready to
propose to her.
But as Ashby had begun the courting
ahead of them they let him have the right
ol way. Alter some two years of courting,
however, Ashby's love began singularly to
wane. He had announced that he was
eoing to marry the young lady, and as it
seeaiea generally known, Miss Andrews
began to be wrought up over his coolness.
As he did not come around any more
she stated her case to the miners, who as
a body constitute the high c 'urt which
settles ail questions on thfi Yukon. They
were not a oit slow in acting on her case.
Hastily summoning the tardy Jover, nnd
rinding that he tacitly admitted all the
facts as s:ated by Miss Andrews, they
made up two verdicts, either of which he
cou'd take as his choice.
One was to immediately par the girl
$SCO in cash, and at the same time marry
her. The other was to ray a line of $2uoo
and be imprisoned ior one year.
There is no jail in Circle* City, but the
miners proposed to make one for the spe
cial use aforesaid. However, Ashby. when
confronted with the two verdicts, imme
diately accepted the former and married
the youne woman.
"Did the miners make him put up
the $500, too?" said a well-known
Yukon miner yesterday, after he had re
counted the story. •'You bet they d\\.
Oh, yes ; when they decided he had "to do
this, he had to. There was no way out of
it. But I suppose that though he gave it
to her «he afterward slipped it back to
him. You know you can't entirely regu
late a thins: like that."MINES
& MINERS
fIP^HE new State Mineralogist, A. S. Cooper
%■■ \ -—■ Of Santa Barbara, will step into J. J.
j|/$ Crawford ' 3 official shoes on the Ist of i
the coming month and then a new ad- j
ministration of the State Mining Bureau will j
begin. Mining men are expressing a good j
many opinions of varied sorts about the wis
dom "and unwisdom the Governor displayed
by the appointment, but that comes as a mat
ter of course; and only time and Mr. Cooper
. can show what sorl of an administration will
.result.
. -The appearance of the general appropria
tion bill which is now being milled at Sacra
mento does % not at this moment promise that
the Mining Bureau will be able to fulfill any
great mission during the next two years,
under anybody's direction. The appropria
tion named is only #25,000 for the two years — I
just half what the Lureau lias had during the '
past two years. I- the amount is not increased
'by uineitdment the bureau will have a con
tracted and poverty-stricken career ahead of
1 if.- The amount of $12,500 just about pays
the "inside expenses of the bureau as at pres
ent conducted.
c This includes the salaries of the State Min
eralogist ($3000), the secretary, curator, chem
i-i eta-!., rent ($2400) and the incidental ex
jronses o.f laboratory, library, correspondence
\ajjd office work, etc. The important field
work, which is carried on by five field assist
• ants, has used the balance. The iaw provides
e that a certain large proportion of the appro
priation shall be spent in field work, and with
a total of but $12,500 a year there would have ;
to be a heroic cutting down and crowding to
gether at headquarters.
• The Mining Bureau is an institution which
could "undoubtedly be made of immense
'value in the wiss encouragement and assist
ants it could give to the development of the
mineral resources of the State, and since its
institution it has been of great value to the
mining.industry, though that value has varied
with tne chances of politics and the freaks of
Legislatures.- For the years 1889-90 the ap
.prpDriation was $100,000. The possibilities
of State; aid to the mining industry are strik
ingly illustrated in some of the British, colo
nies, especially those of British Columbia,
Austratia-and Xew Zealand, where the mining
departments of the State governments have
been one of the most effective causes of the
present mining development and prosperity.
"* The fostering care and the energetic assist
ance bestowed on the industry in these colo
nies contain too much paternalism for this
" country, but they illustrate the value and im
portance of governmental agencies doing
what nobody e.se can or will do for an impor
tant industry.
The Mining Bureau Is highly valued by the
•mining men of the State. It Is a ready and
convenient source of all manner of practical
•information, the-museum is visited by -10,000
,-or more people annually and its scientific in
vestigations and -publications are of very great
value. "This early stage of a great mining re
vival is not thought by mining men to be the
time to cripple the bureau into a career of
• mere existence.
'- The plump of English capital Into the
Mariposa grant which was heard the other
day when the sale of Alvinza Hayward's sixth
' o interest was announced will doubtless soon
be followed dj- still more interesting develop
ments concerning this great property. It ap
pears to be the signal for the long-looked-for |
| °" development of the grant.
' .' The ia was not mad* to the California Ex
. .^loration Company, as the papers had it.
. Prince -Poaiatowsti's big company wa* not
. ° concerned.-' The purchasers were Hamilton
Smith and hi, partner, Mr. Perkins, who
• bought the one-sixth for 5166.666 on the basis
, of a valuation of $I.oov.i,<>oo for the entire
property. Curtis H. Lindley represented me
..purchasers in the legal phase of the transfer.
'Messrs. Smith & Perkins are the direct pur
o chasers, but'it is no: known just whose money
will be paid to Mr. Hayward. These great
. mining operators are quite able to pay it j
"themselves and- may have bought on their
, o Own account, but there is a general supposi
t? »a that the Exploration Company of London
Will add this to its investments.
This great syndicate, which is supposed to
number the Rothschilds among its backers,
ana which has invested nearly !?50,000,000 in
American mines a. one, has for some time
been, accused by rumor of being kindly dis
• posed toward the Mariposa grant. Hamilton
° Smith's mining operations are mixed up with I
! ° London syndicates in all sorts of ways, and
when he buys a property we will have to go to
\ him to find out all about it. Mr. Smith's high
*■ connection with the Exploration Company as
a director and sort of managing expert,
together With the fact tnat he has engineered
most of its bi£ deals, provides the supposition
• o that it is the Explo.ration Company that has
Invested British gold in Mariposa County.
Smith and Perkins may keep the Interest
themselves, and they may finance the proposi
tion in various ways in London and with one
• f>r several syndicates. It is not likely that
. Hamilton Smith, the Exploration Company
of London or any other English syndi
cate 'would buy a sixth interest in a big
mining property without expecting to get at
least a controlling interest, and so it is wisely
° c enrmised that Smith knows what other frac
tions he is going to get. These buyers are not
likely to make such an investment in a
lightly developed property with the idea
of letting the • investment sleep ' a few
years, and thus it is very easy to deduce
'he probability that the Mariposa grant
_i •■ to be developed at last and on a
°T'"ge sccrle.* List fall experts conveyed more
I ' less information to Mr. Smith, and in No
°\?:nber and December there was a flutter of
■ expectation that the Exploration Company
was about to buy the grant and do big . things.
But Smith Teturned' to London a number of
weeks ago alter, making a big deal In Idaho,
ana did not visit California, from the first
nobody directly concerned j has given any
statements of anything but ignorance concern
■ Ing the rumored negotiations, and now no
definite information beyond the simple fact of
the sale is at large.
James Cross, president of the company and
representative of the one-sixth interest held
by the Hobart estate, eaid yesterlay: ; "Mr.
Havwarl has sold his one-sixth interest to
Hamilton Smith, but otherwise the property is
in just the condition it lias been in for a good
I while and I know nothing or the trobabilities
r.f any further transfers or of any development
icing done."
The future of the property is mainly in the
hands-Qf Senator Jones, who holds a half in
terest 'and who manages flairs. John W.
M >ckay and the Hobarl estate each owns a
sixth interest. The sale of some of these in-
t crests is expected before long. Mr. Perkins,
Hamilton Smith's partner, was, by the way,
' innnagerof flic property when it was owned
yean ego by Trenor W. Park of New. York, and
so'is wejl acquainted with it.
The grant, as is generally known, once
belonged to General .John C. Fremont, and
» reached the present owners through a course
01 mortgage troubles. It is a magnificent
domain in Mariposa County, embracing the
lower end of the mother lode and contains
Over 44,000 acres, or seventy square miles of
If id, well-wooded and watered, embracing fer
tile little valleys and an irregular ramifica
tion of mineral' ve*;ns. From the mineral lodes
the property derives its chief value and in
terest. The Josephine, Pine Tree and several
■ other miiles i:i various stages of development
are on the grant.
The detailed map of the grant shows several
scores of prospects where veins have been un
covered., but on which little or no . develop
ment has been done. The grant is thus
looked upon as containing great possibilities,
especially iince the recent demons of
the deep values of the mother lode, and as
one wliich would reward large investments
for development. The property hns lain so
long without any effort at development be
cause o: the inability of the owners to pull
together. Hamilton Smith' 6 takiug hold of It
looks like the beginning of business and
Mariposa County wili rejoice when it comes.
The Mining Committee of the Assembly hog
favorably reported a bill legally defining "a
miner's inch of water." This is both interest
ing and Important, for in this Slate the
minor's inch is one thing here and another
thing there, the quantity of water understood
by this unit of measurement varying with the
different districts. Most other Western States
have established the quantity by statute. A
miner's inch is the quantity of water that will
flow through an orifice of a given size at a
given pressure in a given time. The quatitity
will vary with the form of the orifice, the
thickness and shape of the walls and other
things involving friction, etc., and it will
vary with tue presrure. which depends on the
height above the orifice al which the water
stands. In this State apertures of various
forms and dimensions nre prescribed in differ
ent localities, and hence the quantity of water
varies.
The pending bill defines a miner's inch of
water to be such a quantity *s flows from an
orifice one inch square through a two-inch
plank, with still wster standing at a depth of
.six inches above the top of the oririce, such a
di^chHTKe to be not less than one and a half
cubic feet per minute, equal to twelve gal
lons. John D. MrGillivray, editor of the
Mining and Scientific Press, points out that, j
for one thing, the bill proposes to change by
law the size of a cubic foot or the capacity of |
a gallon measure, for one and a half cubic
feet of water equais 11.22075 wine gallons, j
according to the American bUr.dard. As a |
further criticism it is said:
"For the State to prescribe through what
orifice and under what couditions the water
must flow is a piece of supererogation as value
less as it would be to lay down the shape of
vessels by which gallons must be measured.
The conditions of the case must determine
how the water shall be measured. What is
wanted is a standard lor the quantity only. If
I the Legislature will state the flow per minute
that shall equal a miner's inch it will have
done its duty."
MINING PROGRESS.
The forestry division of the Department of
Agriculture is endeavoring to collect infor
mation regarding the consumption of timber
by the mines ol the country. It may be men
tioned as an interesting item suggesting the
great investment represented by mine
timbering that it has been estimated that in
the copper mines of Butte, Mont., alone
i 36,500,000 feet were used in 1895 for un
derground purposes, and that the total lor all
the Butte mines for that one year was 37,500,
--000 feet, at a cost of $1,050,000 in place. The
figures for 1896 would exceed these.
The Heleu quicksilver mine in Lake County,
better known as the American mine, lying
seven miles west of Middletown, has been
bonded by R. B. Harper and George F. David
son, who are interesting Boston capital in the
property. This valuable mine has been lying
idle ever since the furnace was destroyed by
fire some years ago.
The nold production for New Zealand for
1896 was $4,91)0,000, a decrease of a little
over 10 per cent as compared with 1895. This ]
decrease was due to unexpectedly small re- ;
turns for the last quarter of the year. New
Zealand, however, will early show a consider
able increase in production as a result of the
new activity which was fairly begun last year.
Th»»re was a great increase in the number of
prospecting and mining licenses issued by the
Department of Mines, and during the year a
preat deal of development work was done.
Eneiish capital is goiuc into the New Zealand
fields, and the present year will see greater
development and production.
New Mexico's output of precious metals dur
ing 189*5 exceeded that of 1895 by fully 6 per
cent. From conservative figures for the pre
vious year as a basis, it appears that the Terri
tory has produced $2,999,053 in god and sil
ver dur.ug the year just closed. Figures on
the lead and copper output of the Ter
ritory for 1896 are not accessible, but
the indications arc that they will
much exceed those of 1895. which were $750,
--000. Tne Increase noted has b-.-en mainly in
the form of gold, and should be credited cliiefiy
to Grant and Sierra counties in Southwestern
New Mexico; to the Cochiti mining district,
seventy miles southwest of Santa Fe; to the
gold mines of south Santa Fe County; to the
Eizabethtown, Baldy, La Belle and Amieti
gold camps of Colfax ana Taos counties.—Al
buquerque Citizen.
The prospectors who have crowded into the
I Randsburg district are actively scattering far
over the surrounding region, especially east
| ward and into the Panamint region of Inyo
j County. There may be expected a constant
I succession of reporu of rich discoveries
i throughout a large stretch of country in that
i part of the -tate.
A sixty-sthtnp mill is to be erected at the
Sunny Rirtg,. group of mines near Coulter
vine, which have been bonded by Thomas
Gorrie.
The Champion mine at Nevada City is to
run power drills and a pump with compressed
air.
The tale of the Mammoth mine, Mariposa
County, to W. S. l'eakes and J. S. Wilbur has
been negotiated.
Hurst and Fowler will erect a ten-stamp mill
at their mine at Harrison Gulch, Shasta
County.
Two men recently introduced a successful
innovation in prospecting near Randsburg.
They uncovered the rock in trenches by plow
ing furrows with eight horses and uncovered
several btrlngers.
The St. Elmo Mining and Water Company,
who own the St. Klmo mine in the Randsburg
district, Kern County, cal., propose to sink a
shaft 500 leet deep on the uroperty.
The United States Debris Commission hat
granted permits to hydraulic to A. F. Roberts
of Forbes town, Butte County, Cal.; to Gray <fc
Taylor, for the Sugar Loaf mine, near Colfax,
Cal. The owners oi the Tippecanoe, near
Coinptonville, Yuba County, cal., and the
owners of tne Kentucky Slab mine, In El
Dorado County, Ca!., have been tuthorized to
reopen their mines.
Chicago men have bought a promising claim
near Greenwood, El Dorado County, from
Me*?rs. Dixon an! Morton, and wi:l at once
begin extensive development work.
The Pyramid mine, nine miles southwest of
Placervill", has been bonded to a Scotch syn
dicate for $100,000. of which $40,000 H to be
paid in thirty days and the balance within a
year.
A rich ledge has been discovered on the 300
level oJ the Gentle Annie mine. El Dorado
County.
At Julian, San Diego County, the Helvetia
Mining Cooipsnv has let a contract to take out
200 tons of quartz from the Helvetia mine at
$1 25 per ton.
The Diestelhorst dredger, now operating in
the Klamath, near Oak Bar, Siskiyou County,
is meeting with good success. The river bed
Is somewhat "spotted," and the machine oc
casionally runs for a aay orso without getting
a color and at other times a rich deposit in
the river bed will be encountered and several
hundred dollars taken out in a day. The Dies
telhort &. liarton Company contemplate put
ting in more dredgers next .«pring.
A bill has been introducid iv the Idaho
Legislature providing that two-fifths of the
gross output of the mines snail b'.- assessed
an i taxed as any o her property.
Hiram, b. Maxim i>i gun fum« has patented a
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1897.
new process of extracting gold from refractory
ores by subjecting the ore to the action of
molten lead in a reducing gas in which the
gold and lead unite.
The mineral lands bill is dead, at least for
this session of Congress.
The Utah Legislature is considering the
creation of a State mine inspector.
Below the Comstock mines in Nevada
several placer claims have recently been made
along the course of the Washoe on Galena
Creek, below the Ophir, and several other
abandoned millsites.
Salmon eggs constitute the latest practical
mining difficulty. Several dredgers »re at
work on the Fraser River in British Columbia
with indifferent success. There is gold in pay-
Ing qualities, but successful schemes to get it
out attend the dredging operations there as
elsewhere. One of the troubles just now li
that the enormous quantities of salmon eges
in tho water make things greasy and also
choke up the riffles.
The Provincial Secretary has reported on
the mineral output o£ British Columbia, show
ing that it has increased from $2,668,608 i n
1890 and $5, 055,302 in 1895 to $7,146,425 in
1890. The toial mineral production to date
has been over $100,000,000, of wnicn placer
gold has yielded $57,704,855; lode go.d,
$2,177,869, and coal and coke, $33 934,427.
In 1896 the lode mines yielded $4,257,116.
It is said that the Clondyjce placers, the lat
est big discovery in the Yukon region, are
fonnd to be over the line In Canadian terri
tory, and the American miners areas pleased
as are her Majesty's subjects because they
know that tho fostering care of the Pro
vincial Government will be promptly
shown, while Uncle Sam does nothing
for any part of the Territory. The
Alaska S-archlight says: "For years the
Yukon has been % large gold-producing re
gion, butnotsl has our Government expended
in building trails or assisting miners in any
way. All it has ever done has been to give
these people Deputy Collected of In
ternal Revenue and Customs, and a
poor mail service on* season. Now there
is to be a radical change. The Canadian Gov
ernment will doubtless pursue its wise and
liberal policy, build trails, provide courts,
etc It is a lamentable fact, but nevertheless
true, that the Yukoners, before another year
has rolled around, will sing 'God Save the
Queen' more heartily than ever they sang 'My
Country, 'Tis of Thee.' "
In January the copper product of the United
States was about 39,500,000 pounds, the same
amount as was produced In December, while
foreign mines produced only 14,784,000
pounds, a decrease of 2,664,000 pounds.
The Surveyor-General of Nevada, in his an
nual report, speaking of the question whether
Nevada is not a gold rather than silver pro
ducing State, says ihat the increase in produc
tion of gold and silver combined in 1896 over
1895 was $1,121,499. This was all due to the
increase lv goid production, for the silver pro
duction fell off from $1,051,992 in 1895 to
$938,555 in 1896.
Salt Lake capitalists are negotiating for the
purchase of the onyx deposits recently dis
covered on the Brumeau, north of Elko,
Nevada.
The river bed dredger will be a success if the
late persistent efforts to that end keep up.
One of the latest types is a steam dredger
which operates a scoop through a big slot in
the middie of the vessel. On the Similkameen
River, Wash., a stern wheel steamer pumps
gravel from the bed of the river at the rate of
150 cubic yards per hour. The material passes
through a grizzly.
ABOUT SAILORS' RIGHTS.
Novel Point Raised in the Suit
of Silviera Against Iver
son and Others.
Are the Owners of a Vessel Liabl
for Injuries R clved by Oae
of Their Seamen ?
Judge Bahrs has another problem con
cerning "sailors' rights" to settle. The
question has arisen in the case of Sil
viera against Iverson and others, where
tbe plaintiff is an able seaman who
brought an action to recover damages
against tbe owners of a ship for personal
injuries received while on duty. He was
hauling in on a line when it parted, by
reason of being old and rotten, and Sil
viera was precipitated to the decs, break
ing his shoulder and disabling him for
life.
Attorneys- Gunnison, Bartnett and
Booth, representing tbe defendants, en
tered a demurrer, claiming that such an
action cannot be maintained in any event,
aiid moved to dismiss.
Ttiere is no statute in California touch
ing tbis question, and the action is
brought under tbe common law, t.ie pro
ceeding following tbe course laid down in
similar matters, when the subject of tbe
litigation is called tbe action on tbe case.
'lne defendants assert that under tbe
English law thera is no implied contract
us between tbe owner of a ship and a
sailor as to tbe seaworthiness of the snip
or in regard to the absence of delects in
ti.e appliances or construction of tbe rig
gine. In other words, they hold that when
a man goes aboard v ship he must take
his chances and that if he is injured the
owners of tbe vessel are not liable for dam
ages.
Attorney F. J. Caatlehnn contended
that the relation of muster and servant is
presumed in tbis cass the *ame as in any
other case where one person works for
another, and tbat if there is to be any ex
ception made because the servant is a
sailor on tbe high seas it is incumbent on
tbe deiendant to show affirmatively that
this plaintiff comes within tbat cxc ption.
Attention of tbe court was drawn to
the tact ti.at the Supreme Court of tbe
United States bas recently decided tbat a
sailor, when once engaged for a voyage, ia
practically a slave and that be cannot
abandon his employment under any cir
cumstances. Under such a rule it would
appear oppressive to compel a man to
proceed in the discbarge of duties when
ue believed there was peril to life or limu
because of defective appliances, and then
have the law step in and declare that he
could not maintain a suit for damases on
account of injuries resulting from such de
lee;ive appliances.
Mr. Castlehun explained to tbe court
that he could understand a motion to
transfer this case to the United Staters
District Court on the ground that it was
a matter for admiralty jurisdiction,
though even that motion he would tight,
because this is an action in persona. He
could not, however, see what legal bas.s
there wa« for th« motion to dismiss.
Judge Bahrs intimated tbat he desired
additional authority on the question and
continued the case until to-morrow morn
ing for further argument.
CENTURY OLOB AET LOAN.
Reception I-iigt N:|rht and Exhibition o
Fifty California Artists' Work.
The Century Club gave a leception
Friday night in its quarters on Sutter
street. A special feature ol the entertain
ment was an exhibition of works of all the
California artists.
It was the opening of an art loan ex
hibit, made possible by tbe kindness of
many private owners of cnnvasse* and
drawings, representina: the best work of
over fifty artists in oils, water colors and
ink.
The walla of the different rooms were
covered with landscapes, portrait?, char
acter studies, and also with representative
original pen and ink drawings from The
<all, the Chronicle, the Examiner, the
Post, the Report and the Orerland
Monthly. Great green brakes an i
branches filled with delicate peach blos
soms were used f.ffectively in the added
decorations of the rooms and hallways.
» — <• — •
The Scilly group consists of forty
islands; live only are inhabited, and they
contain about 1800 people.
FROM GREATER NEW YORK
Budget of Interesting NeWs and Qossip
About the California Golony in the
Eastern JMetropolis
NEW YORK, N. V.. Feb. 22.-Farewell
Cleveland, welcome, McKinley. are the
murmurs which are sounding eoftly in
every State of our great Union. O.iiy a
few more days and the murmurs will have
developed into one grand shout of en
thusiastic welcome to our new President,
William McKinley. Foreign nations will
watch us with interest, and mayhap heave
a sigh of envy to see us launched safely
into a new administration which promises
continued peace and renewed prosperity.
Thousands of New Yorkers will run down
to Washington to witness the inaugural
demonstration. From the present out
look it will be the most brilliant and en
thusiastic inauguration Washington has
known since 1569, when the soldier-Presi
dent, General Ulysses S. Grant, received
the oath of office. Prouder than kings or
queens, emperors and sultans should the
Pres dent of these United States feel when
he accepts the grand and gracious trust of
the most advanced and powerful Nation
under the sun.
Vive le McKinley !
Next week there will be a little gronp of
Californians who will meet at an uptown
apartment, well known among the colony,
ana the business of tiie group will be to
talk over and arrange for forming a Cali
fornia Club in Gotham. It is their inten
tion to make the club protective as well as
social, and it will undoubtedly be a suc
cess from the start, because a number of
most prominent Californians here are per
sonally interested in the movement. More
anon.
The Hoffman House has presented a
lively scene during the past week. In
fact all the leading hotels have been
crowded, many of them being obliged to
turn arriving guests away. What with
the lagging visitors from the cycle show,
the illustrious members of the American
Newspaper Publishers' Association and
the regular visitors that crowd New York
during the months of February and
March, the theaters, hotels and even the
churches have been tilled to their capacity.
Tne American Newspaper Publishers'
Association bad a moat enthusiastic and
satisfactory reunion during the past week,
and brainy men representing every State
in tne Union assembled here io»<iiseuss
old and new business, and make new
rales for the protection of employer and
employe in the newspaper publishing
world.
On Friday night they partook of a ban
quet at the Hoffman House, and Satur
day found them bidding adieu to New
York, and like good honest citizens re
turning to tneir homes and firesides.
Colonel Harrison Gray O.is of Los An
geles was a prominent figure during the
week's convontion. He anticipates re
maining in New York lor a week or ten
days more, and then hio away to the
golden-poppy land of California.
Edgar B. Carroll has been a welcome
visitor to Gotham during the past week.
W. 8. Hook is a guest at the lmperi.il.
I met the manly though always juvenile
Joseph Redding Friday afternoon, and his
countenance was a study. He was in com
pany with rive or six people, three of whom
were very pretty and handsomely gowned
women, but somehow the uroane Joseph
looked dissati HeJ and like a harp un
strung. I may be mistaken, but somenow
1 fancied that our gifted musician and
composer, our dignified lawyer and truf
hearted Bohemian, hud at last succumbed
to the subtle influence of surroundings
and assumed a* a matter of course the
bored and blase ext ression which the aver,
age New York club man seems to revel in
and consider the proper caper. Even
around at the Lambs' Club, the home of
true, big-hearted Bonemians, they are
learning the stiff-necked bow of the mod
ern "jackanape." Anyway, Joe Redding
looks well, and it will make happy tne
thends wuo love him to know that he still
retains the trim, athletic figure which has
made him the envied among the envied
for the past twelve years.
W. B. Collins, a prominent citizen of
Sacramento, is remaining in the city for a
few days on business bent.
Frank \V. LelanJ floated into town on
Monday.
George Palmer, who was for many years
engaged on the Examiner, and served in
the capacity of assistant manager, special
writer and artist during the first years
Senator Hearst owned t tie parser, is now
the manager of the art department on the
New York Journal. Mr. Palmer has his
family here wiih him, and their homo is
at liei'sonhurst, a seasiae resort over on
Long Island. He declares that a "summer
resort" is as charming in winter as it is in
summer. To hear h.rn describe the pecu
liar freaks that wind and wave and tide
work on the watery main which stretches
away toward the b ue-green horizon is
intensely interesting.
Great blocks of ice came floating up
into the liitle cone-like bay on which his
home looks out, and sometimes they are
carried in in such great quantities that
they form an almost smooth surface for
many yards from Bbore. At other times
old shoes and hall-decayed vegetables
float upon the sandy beach, and they are
made marvelously beautiful by thin coat
ings of ice which have fornud in the cold
waters of the bay. "Shoes ala place, I
term them," says Mr. Palmer. Eastern
weather agrees with him, tor he is the
picture of health and good spirit.
Dr. R. Eugene Payne, late of San Fran
cisco, has settled down permanently in
New York, and has already established
himself firmly in the profession of dentis
try. His offices, at 68 West Thirty-fifth
street, aro a charming rendezvous for
visiting Californians. Dr. Payne will be
gin a course of leciures on irregularities
of the teeth at the N«w YorK Dental
School, beeinning the first week of March.
E. M. and John M. Ledden of San Fran
cisco are late arrivals in New Yoik's busy
thoroughfares and will continue as guests
at the Marlborough during their sojourn
here.
A. L. Wlsmer arrived on Wednesday
and was greeted with genuine spring
weather. Apropos, we have been having
glorious weather during the past eight
days, sunshine has made the daytime as
beautiful as a sparkling topaz, and the
silver moon has converted the nights into
soft, pale mystery of linked pearls. A
few threatening flakes of snow have flut
tered down and a few sprinklings of rain
have dampened tho pavements, but not
enough has lai'.en to bring discomfort to
the guy, pleasure-loving Gothamites.
J. D. Hammond, the weil-known min
ing expert, has been in the city since last
Tuesday.
Miss Fiora Meyers, who ha* been visit
inc irieuUs and relatives in New York
during the past year, has concluded to re*
turn to her home in San Francisco nome
time during the month of March.
Miss Annie L. Stone, who is a native
San Franciscan and a young woman of
remarkable business capacity, has added
another waving plume in her hblmet of
wisdom by opening one of the handsomest
millinery-stores on Fiitu avenue. The
large Dlate window bears the gorgeous
crest and coat-of-armsoi France, while be
low, in blacK and golti script, is the word
"Adoiphe." That is the name of Miss
Stone's man-milJiner, who is a true Pa
risian, with all the exquisite ttste of an
artist, and what loves of hats and bonnets
he can make, too!
Mi 33 Stone returned from Paris two
weeks ago, and intieipates reaching San
Francisco the latter part of March. She
is naturally nervous over her venture here
in New York, but, as she cheerfully ex
presses it, "They say we Califoriiians
always succeed because we have so much
grit and perseverance. I don't want to
prove the exception, because I am very
proud of my native State. I must and
Wiil succeed." And she will.
C. H. Heywood has been a very busy
man ever since his arrival in Greater New
York, several weeks ago. He will prove
of exceptionable value to that very capa
ble and enterprising gentleman, E. Katz,
who is one of the most popular men in
New York's advertising world.
Miss Minnie Williamson, the charming
granddaughter of dear old "Uncle"
George Bromley, has been having a very
enjoyable visit in the East daring the
past lew months. She will probably re
turn to the coast in the early spring.
Colonel M. H. Hecht strolls up the
avenue on fine afternoons, looking well
ana contented with thew;iole world. His
headquarters are always at the Holland
House.
Mrs. J. Coughlan and Mrs. E. Casewell
are cosily installed at the Everett House,
overlooking Union square.
Mrs. M. Price been visiting at the
navy -yard, Brooklyn, during the past ten
flay*. Tkelt.a Foltz Tolanjx
34 Park Row.
JENNINGS' DISBARMENT.
Byron WaterY Accusation Presented
Before Judge* Seawell, Slack
and Hunt.
Judges Seawell, Hunt and Slack, sitting
in bant yesterday, listened to arguments
in regard to the application of Lawyer
Byron Waters, claims agent for the South
ern Pacific Company, to have Attorney
Cassius M. Jennings disbarred for unpro
fessional conduct.
The accusation alleges that Jennings
bargained with a younc man nanW Al.i-
I son, employed as a clerk in Mr. Waters'
j office, for the purchase of reports of the
agents of the Southern Pacific Company
upon accidents. It is aliened that these
i reports contained a complete statement of
j thocircumstances surrounding the various
I claims for damages against the com pany,
|~and indicated the nature of the liability of
j the corporation.
Jennings demurred to the complaint on
tne ground that it diJ not state facts suf
ficient to constitute a cause of action, tbe
contention being that »he reports were not
privileged communications and that it
would not be unprofessional to divulge
them.
Attorney Dunne urged the court to sus
tain the charge? and to exclude Jennings
from the profession of the law* Mr. Dunn
j said tha; an attorney was supposed to be
possessed of common honesty, and that it
was dishonest to try to prevail upon the
! confidential agent of an adversary to vin
| late the confidence of his employer. He
contended that the reports in the posses
sion of Mr, Waters were privileged com
munications. They had been submitted
] to him by his clients and wer» in the na
j ture of a statement of bis client's case.
He would be guilty ot a breach of pro
fessional conduct should he divulge the
information in bi-< possession, and any at
torney who attempted to persuade him to
divulge juc'.i information was guilty of a
similar breach. He also argued that if
the reports were not privileged they were
at least confidential, and that it was un
pro essional to negotiate with Allison for
the possession of them.
Mr. Dunne said that if Jennings were "a
hizli-toned man" he would have censured
i Allison for making the proposition to turn
to violate (he confidence of his employer.
j He would have told the young man that
he was doing wrong, and if he were of a
generous character would have forgiven
{ him and warned him not to engage in
i such a nefarious enterprise again. Jen
i nings saw fit. however, to sit down with
him and discuss the value of the reports
and agree to shnro with him the profits
I of the shady transaction.
Authorities were cited by Mr. Dunne in
| support of his position, and at the con
i c.usion of the argument the case was sub
mitted, the attorneys being allowed to
file briefs.
The average attendance at places of
public worship in England and Wales is
computed to be betw en 10,000,000 and 11,
--000,000 persons. There is a plac* ol wor
ship for every 600 individuals, taking the
country all through, and a stated minister
lor every 700. About 80,000 sermons are
prenrhed ev^ry Sunday.
xzrw to-dat:
FREE TO EVERY MAN.
THE METHOD OF I GREAT TREATMENT
for mum of mx
WHICH CURED HIM AFTER EVERT-
THING ELSE FAILED,
Painful diseases are bad enough, but when a
roan is slowly wasting away with nervous
weakness the mental forebodings are ten
times worse than the most severe pain. There
is no let up to the mental suffering day or
night. Sleep is almost impossible, and under
such a strain men are scarcely responsible for
whit they do. For years the writer rolled and
tossed on the troubled sea of sexual weakness
until it was a question whether he had not
better take a dose of poison and thus end all
his throubles. But providential inspiration
! came to his aid in the shape of a combination
of medicines that not only completely restored
the general health, but enlarged his weak,
emaciated parts to natural size and vigor, and
he now declares that any man who will take
the trouble to send his name and address may
have the method of this wonderful treatment
free. Now, when I say freo I mean absolutely
without cost, because I want every weakened
man to get the benefit of my experience.
lam not a philanthropist, not do I pose at
an enthusiast, but there are thousands of men
suffering the mental tortures of weakened
manhood who would be cured at ence could
.they but get such a remedy as the one thai
cured me. I Do not try to study out how I can
afford to pay the few postage-stamps necessary
to mall the information, but send for it mil
learn t hut there 'are a few things on earth
that, although they cost nothing to get, are
worth a fortune to some men and mean a life-
time of . happiness to most of us. Write to
Thomas Slater, box 2283, Kalamuoo. Mich.,
and the Information will be mailed in a plain
sealed eurelope.
KTVF TO-PAT-DRT GOOD'S.
— OX" ; ; ■
I
ON SALE THIS WEEK!
Bought under the most advantageous terms
during the recent great depression of all manu-
facturing industries we are enabled to introduce
the first instalments of our PEERLESS NEW
SPRING STOCK by figures that doubly enhance
their attractiveness, as witness the following
SPECIAL LIKES FOR THIS WEEK!
COLORED DRESS GOODS!
9~p— 114 pieces 40-INCH FANCY MOHAIR SUITING, elegant assortment ol
uOKj triades, will be offered at 25c a yard.
O -^-91 pieces 40 INCH ALL-WOOL LYONETTE CHEVIOT SUITING, latest
OKj Spring shades, will be offered at 35c a yard.
XA — 85 pieces INCH ALL-WOOL CHECKS, in two-tone and fancy colorings,
I/O will be offered at 50c a yard. 6 *
XAp— pieces 40-INCH HEAVY ALL-WOOL ENGLISH COVERT CLOTH, in
O\J\j tans, browns, gray and navy, will be offered at 50c a yard.
■
BLACK DRESS GOODS!
9^,,— Two cases 39-INCH FIGURED ENGLISH MOHAIR, extra good value for
OOKj 50c, will be offered at 35c a yard.
OK/,- 25" pieces 38-INCH ALL PURE WOOL GERMAN JACQUARDS, worth 50c.
OOKj will be offered at 35c a yard.
p:A — 20 pieces 52- INCH ALL-WOOL STORM SERGE, worth 85c, will be sold at
O\JKj 50c a yard.
SILK DEPARTMENT!
K*v/»— 3o pieces BLACK BROCADED SATIN, small and medium designs, good
o'* Kj value for 75c, will be placed on sale at 55c a yard.
*"rt-30 pieces BLACK BROCADED GROS-GRAIN SILK, medium designs, good
OOKj value for 75c, will be placed on sale at 55c a yard.
7X/»— pieces CHANGEABLE TAFFETA SILK, latest combinations, heavy qual-
* OKj ity. good value for 90c, will be placed on sale at 75c a yard.
LADIES' riUSLIN UNDERWEAR!
3X /»— LADIES' CHEMISES, made of heavy muslin, finished with cording, will t*
'-» v) offered at 35c each.
X LADIES' GOWNS, made of heavy muslin, yoke of tucks and insertion will
OKJKj be offered at 50c each.
O-t A A— LADIES' MUSLIN GOWNS, Empire style, yoke of tucks, finished with
ts±*\J\J insertion and ruffle of embroidery, extra fine, will be offered at $1 each.
KAp— LADIES' MUSLIN DRAWERS, yoke band, finished with tucks and ruffle ol
OXJKj embroidery, regular price 75c, will be offered at 50s each.
;
LADIES' OUTING SUITS!
QO A X— 27 LADIES' OUTING SUITS, consisting of double-breasted jackets and
V—«'± J skins, slightly soiled, former price $7 50, will be closed out at $2 45 each.
C A A*:— 3B LADIES' OUTING SUITS, consisting of jacket and skirt, slightly
«jprt. *JO soiled ; tue jackets are eitner box or tourist style; former price $10, will be
closed out as $i 95 each.
OSTRICH FEATHER BOAS!
Q9 fifi- REAL OSTRICH FEATHER BOAS, extra value for $2 75, will be sold at
tjJ)£.Ul/ 4.2 each. .
$9 ~ A— REAL OSTRICH FEATHER BOAS, extra value for $3 50, will be offered
*$ij,O\J at $2 50 each.
LADIES' KID GLOVES!
KKrt- 125 dozen 5 and 7 HOOK GENUINE FRENCH KID GLOVES, black only,
OOKj all sizes, former prices $1 25 and $1 60. On special sale this evening at 55c pair.
7X/4— dozen 8-BUTTON LENGTH MOUSQUETAIRE UNDRESSED KID
1 OK, GLOVES, in dark and medium tan shades ana slates, extra good value for
$1 25, clearance sale price 75c a pair.
G1 Art"- 90 dozen 8-BUTTON LENGTH MOUSQUETAIRE UNDRESSED KID
fs±*\J\J GLOVES, In tan and mode shades, extra good value for $1 50, will be
offered at $1 a pair.
LACE DEPARTMENT,!
-l(\ to SOc— BUTTER AND IVORY ORIENTAL. LACE, extraordinary values
xULr at 10c, 15c, 20c, 25c, 35c and 50c per yard.
■
IXnto 7Sc— POINT APPLIQUE LACE, in Butter and Ivory, latest designs,
±.O\j a t 15c, 20c, 25c, 35c, 50c, 60c and 75c per yard.
<OXp to S3.SO— NOVELTIES IN POINT d'ARAB AND CROCHET LACES, IN-
&O\j SERTIONS and ALL OVERS, at 25c, 35c, 50c, 75c, $1, $1 50 to $3 50 per yard.
LATEST NOVELTIES IN RUCHING, NECKWEAR, BOLEROS, COLLARB,
CUFFS, Etc., at extremely low prices.
NEW WASH GOODS 1
LiARGB ASSORTMENT!
We have opened up a superb assortment ot Wash Fabrics, and almost everything
stylish and fashionable in foreign aad domestic makes is now exhibited and on sals
at our usually low prices. ■ '.'"'■• ■'/■_ ~\ '_. '?■
HIGH-GRADE PRINTED ORGANDIES, in the stylish ' 97 colorings 101/.
." yard x£-2\J
THE NEW LAPPET EFFECT LACE WEAVES, a new fabric and high style 1 ;;„
colorings : yard XO (j
A GRAND VARIETY OF HIGH-GRADE PERCALES, the 36-inch English 1C)l
makes, navy, garnet and light grounds ..yard J-i2vJ
IMPORTED HIGH STYLE ORGANDIES, fine weave..... qa
yard OKJLi
BEST FOREIGN DIMITIES, colorings that are equal to hand painting. O /»
..v;... :■ yard 2Ou
QPTrPTAT,! A cas " of GOOD, FULL WIDTH PLAIN BLACK 1A ft
OX JLvliiJj . SATEEN yard IUC
[Ml B MURPHY BUILDING, /
{/[/ Martet Street, Corner of Jones; /
: San Frs>noißOOi .
2122
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postaje Free!
Dally and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier. .$0.16
' Daily «Dd Sunday Call, oue year, by mall — 6.00
Dally and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 3.00
" Daily and Sunday Cali* three months by mall 1.50
■ Daily and Eunday Call, one month, by mall- .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mall 1-60
Viiuut Call, one year, by mall *••<!
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone Mala-188»
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay Street.
Telephone Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES
• 627 srontcomery »ire«t, corner Clay: op*n until
:S0 o'clock.
389 Hayes street ; open until 9:30 o'clock.
015 i arkln street : open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. cora>T sixteen: h and Mission streets; opes
• nil! 9 O'CiOrlC.
2518 Mission street open until 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth street: open until 9 o'clock.
1305 Polk street: op-n until 9:30 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
fcos Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE
Koaina SI and 32, ! 4 I'ark How, New Tot* City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Eastern Manager.
"The CALL speaks for all.
SUNDAY FKBRCAKY '.8. 1897
"We will ge: t lie Federal building this
time.
Wiiea McKinl y coaie? ia the work will
begin.
This is glorious weather to inaugurate a
new administration.
The cause of Cuba i< an American canse,
and ail Americans must and will sup
port it.
We can rest to-day in clover, for before
the wees is over we shall have a rest from
G rover.
Carnivals and rose festivals will soon be
in full bloom, and California wiil entice
the world.
We ore for free Cuba and for protection
to American citizens, whether in Cuba or
anywhere else.
This is the last day ot winterand nearly
the last day of Cieveiandism. All hail to
the coming spring and McKinley.
The courage of King Georga of Greece
is either sublime in its neroism or else he
had a straight tip from Russia or Bog
land.
The people are now so much in favor of
seeing work begin on the ÜBW Federal
building they have even Degun to approve
the design.
The administration of deficiency will
soon give way to an administration that
will baiid up, and we shall got our build
ing with the rest.
■ There are so many turbulent islands in
the world just now thai the continents
must either pacify them with justice or
wipe them off the earth.
We can raise the walls of our new Gov
ernment building only to the music of
pubiic harmony. If there is any great
discord there will be delay.
It is noted that at the Bradley Martin
ball nearly every woman wished to mas
querade as a queen. There were ovar fifty
who appeared as Marie Antoinette.
The plan to hold a mass-meeting on
March 4 to advance the construction of
the Federal building ia th;s City is good.
We shah have an inauguration as well as
Washington.
«
Chicago is trying to persuade the coun
try that it can find consolation for the
postponement of the Nicaragua canal by
whirling in and completing the Chicago
drainage ditch.
It appear* thnt f c Russian official who
has been -persecutiaz Tolstoi is named
Pcbiedono<tzoff, and of coarse Tolstoi's
• friends-can hardly speak of him without
calling Him a hard name.
in a recent speech L eutenant Peary
said that with $150 000, a few picked news
paper men and some Eskimos he conld
find ihe north pole, but he did not state
why he needed the Eskimos.
As it appears that some of the best ar
chitects in the Union approve the design
of our Federal building, it is possible
we may have reason to revise our judg
ment and be proud of it after ail.
It is always gratifying to The Call to
■work in harmony and cordial co-operation
with the commercial and industrial asso
ciations of the City for tbe general wel
fare. Tbat is what we are here for.
The Examiner no ionger dares to openly
oppose the construction of the Federal
building in this City, but that it desires to
fio so is shown by the fact that it yestcr
.tJay referred to the support of the work
by The Call as an exhibition of "intre
pidity." _
The current number of the California
Fruit Grntver says "the temptation to ob-
Berve that the championship belt Fitz
simrnons is irresistib.e." That hardly
souncJs agricultural, mv it may hare been
' intended as a part of the work of the
harrowing season.
In filinc his cia'ni against England for
13,000.000 damages for the Jameson raid
President Kruger probab y had no other
idea thaa that of making Great Britain
eternally the debtor of the Transvaal. At
any rate the claim doesn't seem to be
" having any other effect on England.
On' the rains of the Browning fad there
has arisen in the East a Meredith cult,
.which threatens to engulf society and
prove worse than the Trilby craze. Lee
. tures on Meredith are all the rage and
about a dozen different systems of ex
pounding his philosophy arc in vogue.
One of the notable features of the re
cent bicycle show in New York was the
amount of descriptive literature given
away, by th° various manufacturing- con
cerns and the eagerness of tlie visitors to
ge£ it. In this respect the exhibit is said
to have broken the record and astonished
tne veterans.
Tne Legislature, the Supervisors, the
■ State Board of T ade, the Chamber of
Commerce, the Manufacturers' Associa
tion, the Merctiants' Association, the
Labor . Council and ail enterprising
citizens of public spirit are working
with The Call for the purpose of br ng
ing about an early beginning of the work
of-construction on the Federal building in
this City, and yet the Examiner tries to be
sarcastic about it. The yellow-dog jour
nal will never quit snarling.
WORKING TOGETHER.
It is in the highest degree gratifying to note the cordial support which has been
given to the movoment undertaken by The Call for bringing about a speedy
beginning of the work of constructing the new Federal building in this City. Thy
promptness with which the response has been given to the voice of The Call Bhows
that the people of Kan Francisco are in the right mood for work-inc together in har
mony and with energy for all purposes that tend to the general welfare.
The agitation for the new Federal buildine is now supported by the Legislature,
the Mayor and Board of Supervisors, the State Board of Trade, Chamber of Com
merce, Manufacturers' Association, Merchants' Association, the Labor Council and by
a considerable number of men of public spirit and enterprise. Such a combination
constitutes a potent force in our municipal life r.nd can hardly fail to achieve any
undertaking which it sets itself resolutely to accomplish. With such backing The
Call is sanguine of success, and can this morning almost assure the people that we
shall see the ground broken aud the long delayed work begun before the close of the
spring which dawns to-morrow.
It was a happy thought on the part of those interested in the movement to ar
range for calling a general mass-meeting to support the project on March 4. The
day which sees the inauguration of a new administration favorable to the upbuild
ing of American industry and prosperity will be a mo^t appropriate day for San
Francisco to inaugurate effective measures for the accomplishment of this upbnildinc
in our own city. The influences of the day and the consciousness of what is coing on
in Washington will add to the enthusiasm and to the vigor of those who will attend
the mass-meeting, and as a consequence we may expect the best results to flow from it.
In the past, two things have stood in ihe way of the construction of the building.
One of these was the apathy of ihe Government nt Washington, and the other was
the opposition to the project at home. Mr. \V. H. Mils, who has been a close observer
of all the proceedings in connection with the proposed work, declared in a statement
published in The Call yesterday that he wasdispo?ed o believe the lack of attention
given to the project by the official* at Washington was largely due to dissensions
among our own people here in Ssn Francisco. This opinion is shared by others of
equal authority on the subject. On the other hand, Congressman Maguire attributes
the delay to a determination on the part of the Secietary of the Treasury not to be<:in
the work auring this administration. He is supported in thi* view by Irs colleagues
of the Congressional delegation in California, and there can be no question tnat this
opinion also is well founded.
We may fairly assume therefore that the reasons why we hove failed in the past
are that we have been divided at home and that the administration has been not
merely apathetic but directly antagonistic to the work. Both the«e ob'tacles to «nc
cess, however, have ceased to exist. There is no longer any opposition in San Fran
cisco worth noting to the beginning of the enterprise, and the administration of de
ficiency and delay is soon to give place to an administration of enterprise and pros
perity. The outlook therefore is good, and success is within our reach if we strive for
it with diligence and energy.
In a statement madp yesterday concerning the enterprise Mr. Mills said: "I
want to say this: If The Call succeeds by the agitation it has raised in securing the
construction of this building it will be an additional illustration of the already recog
nized fact that an energetic newspaper is better than a Congressman." The accuracy
of the statement can hardly be questioned. It is nevertheless true, however, that a
newspaper no more than a Congressman can achieve any great worK for the public
welfare unless cordially supported by the co-op?ration of men of public spirit and
energy. In the present case The Call has that co-operation. It is supported by
Congressmen and by every commercial and industrial association in the City, and
there can be little do ibl that success will be attained and the work on the new build
ine begun within a comparatively short time after the Republican administration of
progress and prosperity begins its work at Washington.
OUB CONSULAR SERVICE.
Prominent among the changes needed !
in Government machinery to advance
prosperity is reform in the consular str
vice. In spite of the large number of
faults corrected by the investigation be
gun last spring by the Secretary of State
with the $10,000 "put at his disposal by
Congress for that purpose and the im
provement made in the method of promo
tion by an executive order of September j
20, 1895, there remain many serious de
fects that call for a remedy by a new gen
eral law revising the system.
Although it is more than a century
since the first Consuls from this country
were commissioned, there has been only !
one general law passed looking to the im
provement of the service, and that was as
far back a» 1856. This conservatism is
not due by any means to the perfection
of the old established order of things, for
again and again the evils of it have been
pointed out by capable men who have
been in the service and studied the system
thoroughly. Presidents, Secretaries of
State and committees of both houses have i
urged on Congress the necessity of mak
ing changes, but so far without result.
The defects of the present regulations
are too many to be fully elaborated, but
prominent among them is that lack of
permanency of tenure of office, which pre
vents capable and ambitious men from
seeking entry into such servi:e, and also
prevents the Government and commerce
from getting the great advantage of that
perfection in efficiency which comes from
long practice in special lines of work.
The sweeping extent to which this de
fect has done mischief is shown by the
fact that since March 3, 1&93, no less
than four-fifths of the Consuls have been
removed and replaced by new men. So
great and sudden a change from trusting
to veterans to trusting to recruits would
weaken any branch of the civil service.
No matter bow good the new appointees
may be they are sure to lack the power
that comes from training and gradually
acquired influence in the communities
where they are located. So large a pro
portion of chances is strong evidence of
using the consular offices for purposes of
political rewards, and commerce and
diplomacy have been made to suffer be
cause merit and experience have been
subordinated to favoritism.
The present system of fees is strongly
opposed by men who have given tbe sub
ject study, as also is the permission given
to Consuls to appoint agents to act under
them. This privilege creates a temptation
to transfer business from the main office
and thus put the Government to ad
ditional expense. It is argued there
shouid be paid salaries adequate to induce
men of considerable capacity to engage in
consular work as n permanent career, and
make strong efforts to acquire knowledge
that would therein be of lifetime use to
them. Some years ago it was asserted on
the floor of the Senate that not one-tenth
of the Consuls were properly familiar with
the language, law*, geography and ma
terial resources of the countries to which
they were sent. As the same laws govern
the system now as then, it is reasonable to
suppose that much tne same inadequacy
exists at the present time.
We may confidently look for a great im
provement in the service rendered by this
department as a result of the incoming ot
tiie new administration, for Mclvinley is
pledged to select men capable of extend
ine the usefulness of our consular service.
If Congress will also do its part by enact
ing a good general law coverine the de
lects that seem admitted by the best
judges, then the new era of prosperity will
get a strong propuision Irom a thoroughly
invigorated method uf-contact with all the
countries of the world.
When it was announced that Heitield,
the newly elected Senator from Idaho,
was a man who never made a speech the
country was pleased; but as he is now
charged with bribing legislators, there
will be a c:iange of opinion. It is better
to talk than to saw wood in that way.
Over in the East they are talking long
and I. ud about railroad extensions, and
many of them are to be headed our way,
There is no irony in sayin • it promises to
beabg year for steel railery.
It is hard to say what the New York
Legislature will do with the trusts it is
investigating, but it i* receiving enougn
misinformation to compile a library of
fiction.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 189 T.
THE SALISBURY POLICY.
< In his address in the House of Lords on
Thursday, Lord Salisbury made a state
ment of the policy which his Government
would aim to carry out in dealing with
the Cretan crisis. He declared that Eng
land would endeavor to induce the allied
powers of Europe to establish the admin
istrative autonomy of Crete, to continue
i it as a pait of the Turkish empire, and to
I require the Greek troops to evacuate the
island; u^-ing force if necessary. A similar
statement was made by Balfour in the
Commons, but in both houses discussion
was postponed !n order to give time for a
| full consideration of the policy prorosed.
It is hardly likely the plan outlined will
be received with much favor by the friends
of Greece, or by those who desire to see a
speedy settlement of the long vexed Turk
ish problem. The Salisbury policy is
clearly a temporary expedient. Its only
effect would be to put Crete in an anomal
ous position, which would sooner or later
lead to new complications. It is a policy
of evasion and nothing more. Its adop
j lion might postpone war for a time, but
would not remove any of the causes of
war. The old trouble would be sure to
b.-^ak out again and perhaps with even
greater violence than at present.
The Cretan people do not desire
autonomy under the Turkish Government.
They do not even desira independence.
That for which they seeK is a complete
unity with Greece as a part of the Greek
nation. Their desire springs from a
patriotic impulse exactly similar to that
which impelled the Italians to make a
united Italy and the Germans to create a
Gtrman empire. To people who are
moved by this national spirit the
offer of nothing more than a right
to regulate petty details of civil adminis
tration is almost an insult. To enforce
such a settlement upon them would simply
be to aggravate tne existing evils and to
rouse them to a deeper indignation against
the Turks. The .rritation they would feel
under the proposed government wouM
prompt them to further outbreaks, and
the result would be incessant disturbances
in the island and a never ending feud
between the Greek and Moslem popula
tion.
The most important feature of the whole
policy is the disclosure it makes of the
fact tbat the Turkish Government has
be«n virtually eliminated from European
politic^. Lord Salisbury it will be seen
recognizes Turkey as an empire, but ig
nores it as a Government. It is still to
include Crete within its territory, but it is
not to rule the island or to make laws for
the people. Virtually, therefore, we have
come to the end of Ottoman rule. The
empire seems to have passed unaer the
control of the allied nations, and the only
issue which now remains to be solved is
what shall be done with the Turks as a
race, since their Government has ceased
to b» a power worth considering as a fac
tor in the problem of settling the troubles
of the Levant.
TEE COBURG FAKE.
More than half the best newspaper fun
in these days consists in exposing the
fakes of the "yellow-dog" journals. There
! was a time when these fakes aroused in
! dienation, but now they have become so
I rank and their publication is so clearly
j "sheer idiocy," as Senator Sherman said
of the Exaviiner's reported interview with
him, that they excite only laughter
Every genuine newspaper in the country
has joined in tbe sport of hunting the
| fakes to death, and some of the exposures
are as amazing as anything ever shown by
the cathode ray.
One of the best revelations of the impu
dence of the yellow-dog stories has jist
been made in the exposure of the false
ness of tho Coburg fake. It will be re
membered tuat not long ago the sensa
tional journals announced to their scan
dal-loving readers tbiu the Princes of
Coburg had left her husband on account
of bad treatment and had run away with
an Austrian officer.
Following this announcement came pic
ture* of the Princess, her husband ana the
gay l.eutenant with whom she haa fled.
Then there was a *tory of a duel between
the husband and tha paramour, accom
panied by more pictures and by signed
statements from the principals.
An investigation into this sensational
scandal was ?et on foot by newspapers
that merit the name by printing news and
not fake?. The result of the investigation
is the official announcement that Prince
Coburg has all ihis time been living
quietly with bis wife at Vienua, and that
neither he nor the Princess know any
thing about the scandal at all. It. is
hardly worth while to inquire into the
origin of the story. Different theories on
the subject will b< heid in different cities.
In San Francisco the opinion will prevail
that it was started by a midnight dispatch
from the Emperor of China to Li Yung
Yuen.
SHERMAN ON CUBA.
The most notable feature of the debate
in the Senate ou Thursday on the joint
resolution in reference to tbe case of Julio
Sanguilly was the speech made by Senator
Sherman. It was the first decided utterance
of the Senator on the Cuban question since
it has been known thnt he is to be Secre
tary of State in the McKinley administra
tion, and is therefore interesting as a
declaration of the policy he is likely to
pursue in the State i ffice.
The speech of the Senator was short,
but it was ter.-e and emphatic Speaking
of the case of Sanguilly, he said: "I be
lieve that a gross injustice has been done
to a citizen of the United Siates, who has
a right t<> protection from the President."
This statement makes it clear that the in
coming Secretary takes quite a different
view from that of tbe present Secretary.
Where Mr. Olney sees nothing that calls
lor intervention on the part of our Gov
ernment, Senator Sherman sees a just
claim to the right of all the protection
which the United States can give.
The debate on the Sanguilly case was to
a large .stunt a waste of energy, inas
much as at the very time the Senate wus
demanding protection for t tie prisoner hi«
pardon had already been conceded ana
issued by the Spanish Government. Sen
ator Sherman's statements, v wever, went
beyond the particular case . ider debate.
He spoke of the whole subject broadly,
and said:
I trust the time will never come when an
American citizen can be wronged or perse
cuted by any power great or small. That is
the way I feel now. lam in favor of protect
ing this American citizen, though he may be
only a naturalized citizen. I am opposed to
wrong and violence and tyranny wherever it
is ( xercised, and when it is exercised against
an American citizen I will stand up for him
even if 1 stand alone.
These words come most gratefully to
the cars of the American people. They
give utterance to a stronpr patriotic senti
ment without violating the conventional
language of diplomacy. They are offen
sive to no power on earth, and in no way
conipromi-e the incoming administration.
Nevertheless they are an emphatic decla
ration of a policy such as this country de
sires and which has been denied by the
Cleveland Cabinet. They give assur
ance to the people that we are to have
under President McKinley a true Ameri
canisrn»both at home and abroad ; that the
word "protection" shall mean security of
the life and the liberty o. American citi
zens in foreign lands, as well as to indus
try and prosperity at home.
It is gratifying to Hie public mind that
the incoming Secretary should have taken
occasion to speak as he dil. What he
said will have ue effect both at home and
in foreign lands. It will encourage the
patriotic spirit of America, and give warn
ing not only to Spain but to all other na
tions of what is to be expected from our
Government when McKinley is President
and Sherman Secretary of State.
MRi. Cr.KY' WASH.
Upon the roof on summer nights '
Above tile hazy oily lights.
We sic, sweet Dora Da!e and I,
Kene.Mti the cool and friendly sky.
And we listen to the flapping of Mr*. Cary's
•Mb,
Like i ii i; shaking of white sails on summer
seas:
And we dream that we are sailing till we a -
most hear the s»*sh
Of the water, as the lines swing In the breeze.
love makes the roof so dear to me
That all . i..- charms of wood and sea
Noion.er In my bean can stir.
If having them I must leave her.
bo we listen to the flapping of Mrs. Cary's
wash,
i.ikt- the shaking of white- sails on summer
■eas;
And we nrpfmi that we are sailing till we al
most hear trie swash
Of the water, as the lines swing in the breeze.
The neighbors gos«lp on the roof,
But from the rest we sit aloof.
And plan bow someday, happily,
Our root sunn be beside the smb.
Ana we listen to the flapping of Mrs. Cary's
wash.
Like (he shaking of white sails on summer
seas:
And we -1 ream that we are sailing till we a:
tnou hear the swash
Of the water, as the lines swing In the breeze.
Way D. Hatch.
AN AMERICAN MLI-AKY POLICY
The brilliant victories of the French armies
during the republic and empire put France
foremost among the military nations of the
world, a position she easily bept for full half
a century. French uniforms and French
methods were standard the world over and
but little attention was paid to German mili
tary ideas. Yet all this while Germany, burn-
Ing to avenge former insults, was quietly
working out the military problem on lines of
her own. The result is well known. In a few
months France we* overrun and tho smaii
remnant of her army shut up in Sedan. The
fall ol Paris was the final catastrophe.
Tne natural result was that German military
ideas, organization, term of service, etc., were
eagerly copied by other nations. The whole
world seemed suddenly to have adopted the
German helmet.
From all appearances, a reaction against
"the art of war as innde in Germany" has set
in — a reaction against the Indiscriminate
adoption of everything German. We .in
America have by no means escaped the infec
tion. Germany has taught the world how to
organize modern armies, and so has made
other nations her pupils; but th? conditions
here and in Europe are so unlike that because
a tiling is good for Germany may be the best
of reasons for not adopting it here.
It is interesting 10 note that in recent years
our own Civil War 1b beginning to be carelully
studied by foreign military experts, and
equally interesting to know that away back
thirty years ago we developed a mode of fight
ing in open order which isoulyat present
finding its full recognition in the textbooks,
after having been imported from Europe.
The military lessons of the Civil War need
to be thought out and applied by Americans.
However much may be learned by a study of
foreign military methods, the fact remalus
that aside from material questions, our best
guide is our experience gained in civilized
and savage warfare. The history of our suc
cesses and failures, of victories and defeats,
but above all of the latter, contain the germs
of a distinctively American military policy.
It is finally seriously proposed to level the
present interior line of fortilicauons surround
ing Paris, the enceinte, as it is called, and
construct a new line further out.
The present works were finished in 1848 at a
cost ol $10,000,000. and consist of an enceinte
of the ba«;ioned type, thirty lect high and
nearly twenty-tnrec miles in length. This is
supplemented by fifteen detached forts placed
at distances varying from 1400 to 3300 meters
from tlie enceinte. The entire sy«.tem re
quires a garrison of nearly 50,000 men.
In 1870 came the Franco-German war and
the ea*y capture of Paris. That Paris fell in
spite of its fortifications only emphasized the
fact of ihn great Increase in the power and
ran?e of arti'lery, and also that It is useless to
trust in forts without a proper garrison to
man them. If Paris had been fcrtined in 1814
it is very probable that the allies would not
htve taken it. Napoleon, however, always
trusted to his active army and neglected to
fortify his capital.
Modern Paris is an example of a vast "in
trenched camp," the perimeter of which will
be about ninety miles when all of the proposed
detached forts are completed. In the new
changes the much-mooted question of the
value of the inner continuous line or'-en
ciente" comes up again and the solu'.inn wilt
be watched with a great deal of interest by
military engineers the world over. In most
cases the enciento consists of the old fortifica
tions built befora the advent of the moaern
artillery. With increased power of artillery
these detached works have come to be placed
further and further ou', with the object of
placing the city beyond the reach of bombard
ment. It is tnus at this outer line of works
that the battle for the possession of the city
must be decided, and once mis outer line falls
it is urged that in the resulting confusion the
enciente will awail little to stop the entry of
the victorious enemy. It the enciente i» of no
use then it is better to do away with it once
for all, for it is a hindrance to the growth of
the city.
FRATERNAL NEWS.
The Open Meeting by District 67 of
the Odd I'ellowa— A Quaker
'lea Party.
The three-Unit pin that is worn by the Odd
Fellow^ is un emblem that non» save an Odd
Fellow has a right to wear. The wearing of
such an emblem by one who is not an Odd
Fellow is a crime in the State oi Ohio. Ke
centiy a man named George W. Very was sen
tenced to the County Jail of Franklin County
for thirty days ior wearing an Odd Fellows'
pin without having thu right do so.
The Sovereign Grand Lodge of the United
Staies has now more than 11,000 subordinates
under its jurisdiction and iheso have a mem
bership of upward of 800,000.
It is as4'.Tied that St. Paul Lodge No. 2 of
St. Paul, Minn., is the richest lodge of Odd
Fellows in tne world. Its net assets amount to
$115.0ii3 87.
The Od l Fellows' Dome in Lincoln, 111., ex
pended $13,161 B'J to care for and maintain
ninety-eight children daring the year ending
Oct' ber 31. 1896, or nearly #134 per child.
La>-t Tuesday Unity Encampment conferred
the royal purple degree on nine candidates in
ample form.
San Francisco Lodge had a double initiation
last Friday night, efter which there was a
literary program ma that provided much en
joyment to the large membership thai was
present.
Golden Gate Encampment conferred the
Golden Rule degree on one candidate lasi
Saturday night.
Wildey Encampment had a large attend
ance last 1 ucsday to witness the work in tne
puip.e digree.
Grand Piitriarch Doran has announced the
following visitations: April 22. Kern; 23,
Ventura; 24, Santa Paula; 20, Santa Barbara;
30, Enterprise; May s,pHSßdena; 6. Magno.ia.
The grand scritie has received the new
rituals and receipts and the same ara now
ria«ly for distr.bution.
Grand Mhsut Warboys has announced the
following visitations: March 3, Herman; 3,
Templar; 5, Crystal KebekHh; 10, Germama:
16, Magnolia; IT. Chanty ; 24. Vorwarts; 27.
ExceMor D*- gree Lodge, and 28, San Francisco
Re ief Committee.
The Veteran Association will on the 4th of
March pay a visit to Abon Ben Adhem L >dge.
The twenty-;-eveuth anniversary of Golden
Rule Encampment of Oakland will be ce.e
brrtted on the evening of the sth of March.
For years it has been the practice of Unity
Encampment of this City u> pay a fraternal
visit to Golden Rule on the occasion of :he an
niversary meeting and ihib year there will be
no exception.
The lodges of Stockton are mating arrange
ments for a grand district meeting 10 be held
on the 17th of March in tnat city.
The Quaker tea to be given on the evening of
the 3d of March Dy Oriental Rebekah Lodge,
in Prospect Hall in the L O. O. F. builuing,
promises to be a grand affair. In addition to
the tea there will be an entertainment under
the auspices of the following-named commit
tee of arrangements— Mifß Etta Coburn (chair
mnn), Hill Anna M. Foroes, Miss Etta Meyer
d-rks, Miss Sophie Hatton and Mrs. George T.
Shaw, nobie grand. The entertainment will
be followed by dancing.
More than 200 persons were present at the
district meeting of the lodge of lJistrict No.
<>7. held In Memorial Hall last Tnursday night
under the auspices of Pacific and Golden West
lodges, and under the direction of District
Deputy Grand Master Frank P. Dudley. The
ioages in this district are Amity, Facitic[Ophir,
Alta and Golden West. After the introduction
usual on occasions of this character the lodge
was cloned mid the doors thrown open to vis
iting friends, and it was not long before it
was discovered tbftt the hrll wa» taxed to its
capacity to accommodate all who wished to
listen to the numbers to be presented. The
district deputy, acting as master of ceremo
nies, opened the meeting by making a short
address, alluding to the work that has already
been dove by District No. 07 ana what it pro
poses to do In the future. He then introduced
Grand Master W arbors, who made an eloquent
address on Odd Fellowship and dwelt particu
larly upon the members of the older who
have, through no fault of their own, been
thrown out because the lodges of which they
were members were defunct, J. Perry, ja-t
Brand, sang several songs, with piano accom
paniment by Professcr Patrick and flute ac-
CJiiiDaniincnt by F. W. Warren, past grand.
Pnst Grand Master G.H.Morrison followed
with an address, given in his usual happy
style, and in the course of his remarks said
many things that created a deep impression
on those who are not members of tne ordpr.
Then there was a vocal solo with encores by
James Dennis; a reading by WilUamThactterv,
past grand; an eloquent recitation by G. W.
L"tnont, P. G. T. ; otr.er recitations by C. W.
Wistou, past grand, and Henry Kuooie, past
Brand; the Violet trio, under the leadership of
Ben Jones, rendered tereral mandolin and
guitar selections; J. L. Geary, past grand,
made a few remarits, and bt> was followed by
Grand Secretary Shaw, who delivered a very
interesting ana instructive address; Edward
Sweeny told a number ot lunny stories; Mus
ter Frank Willard recited in apathetic man
ner a poem entitled "Only Teu Cents a Drink" ;
then K. F. Baker, past grand, gave a vocal
solo, and tho plca«ant evening was brought to
a close by Pa-t Grand F. \V. Jeaeer's recitation
of "The Flag of Freedom." During the even
ing the members and visitors were treated to
first-class cigars.
The second rarty to be given by the Califor
nia Violets will be on the evening of the lUth
of March. The proceeds will be donated to
the Odd Fellows' Home at Tnermaltto.
The Elks' Benefit.
The entertainment to be given to-morrow
night in the Columbia Theater in aid oi San
Francisco Lodge No. 3, Benevolent Protective
Order of Elks, promises to be an event that
will tend to maintain the reputation this order
nas for presenting pleasurable events. la addi
tion to the entertaining production -A French
Ball" by Fanny Rice and tier company of
comedians there will be a number of surprises
to be offered between tne nct> which are kept
"a dead secret." What these are. to be is even
withheld from the membership. This enter
tainment is to enable the lodee to furnish its
new quarters at the corner of Gutter street and
Gram avenue.
E. H. Black, painter. 120 Eddystraat
» ♦ — •
Icecream and rakes. Guillet's, 905 Larkin. •
•— — ♦ — •
FrECTA.L information daily to manufacturer*,
business bouses and public men by the fraii
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. '
— • — ♦ — •
• "Another scandal in high life," said Shrimp.
"What's that?'
"A New York society woman has married
one of her own—"
"Relatives?"
"No; countrymen. " — Philadelphia North
American.
Excursion Kates to Washington.
For the benefit of i hose desiring to witness tne
Inauguration of the next President of the United
States tbe Baltimore and Ohio Kallrotd will sell
excursion tickets at one fare for tbe round trip
from a.l points on iv lines In Ohio, Indiana and
Illinois. Tickets will be sola March 1, 2 and 3,
valid lor return until March 8. similar ticket*
via B. and O. & R. wtij be sold by ail the railroads
throughout the West. In addition to being the
sh.rtest and most direct line to Washington the
K. and O. passes through a region of greater scenic
magnlnceoce and historic interest than any in all
America. Passengers also have the option of trav
eling via Akron and PUtsburg or via Bellalre and
Qrafton either going or returning. The tnrough
trains of the B. ani O. are vestibuled throughout
equipped wltn Pullman sleepers and the d. nip. ■
car service is unsurpassed. Information in detoi
will be cheerfully furnished upon application b
L S. Alien, assistant general passenger age.it, :..
and O. K. X., Urand Central station, Chicago.
"The Overland Limited "—Only Thre
and a Half Days to Chicago.
The Vnlon racillo is the only line running PuV
man double rtraivinc-rooin and tourist sleeper.
and dining-cars, t-an Francisco to Chicago daily
wlthont change. Buffet, snio-lne and library cars
Ocden to Ch'caco. Tickets and sleeping-car reser
vations at 1 Montjomery su D. W, Hltchcoc*.
Oaneral Agent, (-an Fra-risco.
No beauty ever looks her hrst
V nl ms, with .Ayer'B Hair VlKordressed,
Her hair, chief g ory Is confessed.
Jkwklby store, 6-7 Third, removed to 203
Kearnv. ljir-je s.ock of diamonds, watches, etc.
If afflicted with sore eyes use Dr. Isaac Thomp
•on's Eye Water. Druggists sell it at 25 cents.
CROCKER MANSION
THROWN OPEN
Entertainment Given in Aid
of the Woman's
Hospital.
The Fashionable Attend a Mu
sicale and Tea Given
for Charity.
Vocal and Instrumental Music Per
formed by We 1-Knowo People to
a Pleased Aud;enc?.
A rnusicale and tea in aid of the Califor
nia Woman's Hospital was given at t c
Charles Crocker residence, 1100 California
street, yesterday. This was the first time
the Crocker residence has been thrown
open to the public since the death of Mrs.
Crocker.
Mr?. Crocker took eeat pleasure in chari
tabie work, and among institutions which
experienced her liberality was the Cali
fornia Woman's Hospital. It is in great
measure due to her liberal donations that
its benefits have been no widespread.
Entertainments in aid of tne hospital
are given periodically. That piven yester
day can lay claim to being tiie most nota
ble ever Held under the hospital manage
ment. The affau was most enjoyable from
every standpoint.
During the afternoon a constant stream
of society devotees poured in and out
through the door 3of the mansion.
The parlors, reception-rooms, library
and living rooms, furnished on a magnifi
cent scale, were in exactly the earae con
dition as when Mrs. Croi ker died. The
principal attraction was the exhibition of
she wo ks of art and bric-a-brac collected
by Mrs. Crocker at great expense during
her tours in Europe.
The beauty of the rooms was accentu
ated by the floral decorations. Antique
vases were hlled with huce whiie iiiies,
wreaths were hung on statues of bronze
and marblo, and bouquets abounded
everywhere. California violets were on
sale in the library, and a table|was loaded
heavily with fragrant flowers.
Thr* tea was in charge of the board of
laciy managers of the hospital. They are
as follows:
Mrs. A. L. Browne (president), Mrs. C.
B. Alexander, Mrs. J. H. Hatch, Mrs. A.
Cheeseborougb. Mrs. S. W. Backus, Mrs.
E. K. D.mond, Mrs. C. E. Bancroft, Mrs.
H. E. Wise, Mrs. W. 0. Redington, Mrs.
James Otis, Mrs. George Ashton, Mrs.
Frank McLennan, Mrs. George Butler,
Mrs. Henry Campbell, Mrs. Winthrop
Lester, Mrs. F. D. Stadtmuller. Mrs. S. D.
Meyer. Mr* J. F. Hoyt, Mrs. E. B. Stone,
Miss Kate Stone.
While the visitors enjoyed the dainties
prepared for them a choice programme of
vocal and instrumental music was given.
Tnc tirat number was "El Capitan
March" of Sousa, by the University of
California Mandolin Club. This was fol
lowed by the rendering of Dudley Buck's
"Annie Laurie," by ihe Anpelus Quartet.
Following this A. Rodeman penornied
David's flute obligate ".La Ferle dv
.Bresil," ana Mme. Bilioni-Z fferer ren
dered a number ie her inimitable style.
Herr Anton Schott followed with "Das
Bild" (The Picture) of Schubert. Carl
Zell r's "Song of the Nightingale" by the
University of California Mandolin Club
came next.
One of Mendelssohn's trios was then
sung by Miss Ames, Miss Bessie Ames
and Mr. Uruck. W. T. Andrews per
formed one of E. Pessard's compositions,
followed by the "Aye Maria" by tlie An
geius quartet. Schumann's "Wunderlied"
was render»d by Herr Schott, and Miss
Ames followed with a violin solo. Mrs. C.
O. R:chards rendered Wagner's "Prayer
of Elizabeth." Mme. Zifferer sang two of
Schubert's songs, (a) "Der Neugieriee"
(The Curious). (6) "Die Ungeduld"' (Tne
Impatient). The next numb r was "Der
Sterbende Trompeter" (Tne Dying Trum
peter), by Herr Scholt.
Miss Caroline Little, niece of Mrs. Pel
ham Ames of Oakland, bane several songs.
She is recognized as a most gifted singer
and was repeatedly encored.
PERSONA
C. N. Fairfield of Portland, Or., Is in town.
Dr. E. J. Allen of Reddine: is a visitor here.
V. K. Blgelow of New York is at the Palace.
F. B. Hatch of Ashland, Or., is at the Lick.
Robert Mays of The Dalles is a late arrival
here.
J. W. Scott of Virginia, Nev., is a late arrival
here.
H. B. Fairbank of Manchester, N. H. is a late
arrival here.
J. B. Irving of San Andreas is among the re
cent arrivals.
Assemblyman C. W. Pendletori of Los An
geles is in the City.
James F. Dannls, a leading attorney of Reno,
Nev., is in the City. *
Ernest Lee and Walter Brady of Victoria, B.
C, are at the Palace.
John C. Sayre and Mrs.Sayre of Philadelphia
arrived here yesterday.
C. M. White; a general produce dealer of
Honolulu, is at the Occidental.
J. H. Stocknoff, a business man of Fort Ross
has arrived here on a short visit. *
Dr. D. Daly, for a number of years a resident
of Lakeview, Or., is at the Grand.
T. W. Plckford, Deputy Constable of Fresno
is staying at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
Charles Allen, a prominent business man ot
Tia Juana, is at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
W. A. Mockinder, a newspaper owner 'of St
Helena, is among the arrivals at the Russ
ft J. A. Monroe of Oruah*. general traffic man
ager of the Union Pacific Railroad, is here
after several weeks' absence in Hawaii.
W. H. Walton and G. W. Moore of Sonora,
Tuolumne County, are down on a visit and
registered at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
< 7" lla ™ D - Sm "A of Blame, Wash., who is
interested in salmon canning on the Skaglt
and other rivers, is at the Occidental.
Charles W. Caryl, a mine-owner of Colorado,
who has been here for several days, left yester
day on a visit to Randsbur S to look over that
c&mp.
J. Sibbald, a wealthy resident of Santa Rosa, .
who owns large cattle Interests in the grazing
regions of California and Northern Nevada is
attheßus,. Nevada, is
C. W. Smith of the Raymond an 1 Whitcomb
•«d«ioua and 120 tourists from the New
Jnn^;, C rpenter - formerly proprietor of the
Juneau News and now of the Amador Record,
Is in ,he City. Mr. Carpenter was lor some
Rpl .i 5 " 68 / 8 mana er of 'he Recce River
«f, h »K ce ° f AUStin> the oldeßt P a P« »"» Nevoda.
with the exception of tho Virginia City Enter
prise. He is here on a business trip.
Mark Walter, ex-Assistant District Attorney
of Fresno and one of the leading lawyers in
that part of the State, is on a visit here Mr
Walsar is one of the owners of a mine in Mari
posa County, in which a considerable quantity
of rich ore has lately been discovered. Oddly
enough, the richest ore is in a black rock
strongly resembling slate.
R. A. Thompson of Eureka, editor and pro
prietor of the Uumboldt Standard, is among
the arrival! here. , He has been for some days
attending the Legislature at Sacramento. Mr.
Thompson was a prominent member formerly
of tho lowa Legislature. He speaks with en
thusiasm of the good outlook for Humbohit
from us lumber, dairying and wool industries.
Judge W. R. Paineerfleld of the Superior
Court has gone to Sicramenio to hear the trial
01 a libel suit against thu editors of the Ballj
Bee. He will also hear argument in iha *
county government act so far as it relht. s o m
Sacramento County. Judge Matt F. John<oa ' v
of Sacramento will occupy the bench In i>...
partmeni 2 of the Sup-rior Court in this City
during Judge Daingerfleld's absence.
CALIFORNIA^ .N NiivV YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V , Feb. 27.— At the Plazn,
L. H. Cbise; Cosmopolitan, F. Eohriarn; ii],
land, W. 11. Checkering; Grand Union, K.
Moore.
NEWSPAPtR PL ASANTRY
Mamma— Did mamma's little girl keep baby
stil while I was awny?
Mamma's Little Giri— Yes'm; but next tirt^a
I wish you'd let Susio play wiv me, 'cause |t'|
hard wort for J3st one to set on him ail ih 9
aX'ernoon.— Harper's Bazaar.
•'Phyllis." he said tenderly, "I have made %
terrible discovery. I have heart trouble."
She sobbed convuisivey.
"Yes," ho conunue'l. "the affection grows
daily, and you alone can cure it."
Ami in the confusion which followed she
actually said "Yes." — Philadelphia Nona
American.
"I never could understand how people have
the nerve to marry again after being di
vorced."
"Oh, it merely shows how sure they are that
the other party was to blame."— Chicago Jour
nal.
"The Weather Bureau predicts light snow,"
said Mrs. Cityman, reading from the news
paper.
"Well, I'll bet a cookie it will be dark-brown,
es usual," rep.ied Mr. Cityman. —New Yu'l
World.
Hodge— Hello, old man, what's goin' on ia
Pumpkinville?
Podge— Xuthin'. Wy.lt'i get jest so blamed <v
dull house rent has stopped an' the interest on J
what a feller owes has plum quit.— Atlanta /
Evening Journal.
Miss Passay— l think this talfe about appen
dicitis is all nonsense. Why, when I was a
child I used to swailow grapo seeds and all
sorts of things without the slightest bad ei
fect.
Miss Rosebud— Yes; but you must remember
thai appendicitis hadn't been invented then
Brooklyn Life.
NEW TO-DAT.'
HANDSOME PRESENTS.
PRETTY PRESENTS.
DAINTY PRESENTS.
USEFUL PRESENTS.
WITH YOUR
Teas, Coffees, Spices.
WITH SOC PURCHASE.
WITH DUC PURCHASE.
EACH —^2m
Your Choice 0$ the Following:
1 Meat Platter, white.
3 Plates, decorated.
1 Coffee C'-'p and Saucer.
1 Majolica Pitcher.
1 Yellow Mixing Bowl.
1 Chrysanthemum Egg Cup.
1 Windflower Cup and Saucer.
1 Crystal Glass Jelly Dish.
1 Crystal Glass Spoon Holder.
1 Crystal Glass Cream Pitcher.
2 White Cups and Saucers.
1 Bohemian Bud Vase.
1 Chrysanthemum Oyster Bowl.
1 White Scalloped Bowl.
1 White Table Bowl.
3 Table Tumblers.
2 Harvest Dessert Plates.
2 Table Gobiets. • •
1 Fancy Fruit Plate.
1 Fancy Cup and Saucer.
6 Fancy Bisque Hatching Eggs.
FREE <hi no
WITH .q>l«l!S! PURCHASE.
11 VJ 1 I PABJMicm in i'.w
1 Fancy Engraved Vinegar Bottle. ' •
1 Salad Bowl, Windflower.
1 Bisque Flower Holder.
1 Meat Platter, Chrysanthemum.
1 Vegetable Dish, Windflower.
2 Cups and Saucers, Windflower.
1 Rose Bowl, fancy.
1 Milk Pitcher, Windflower.
1 Coffee Cup and Saucer, fancy colored.
1 Muffin Pan, 12 ring.
3 Breakfast Plates, decorated.
3 Cups and Saucers, decorated.
1 Syrup Pitcher, crystal.
1 Cup and Saucer, mustache, fancy. .
1 Mush Set, Chrysanthemum.
1 Card Basket, Bohemian.
6 Table Tumblers, crystal.
1 Sugar and Cream Set, fancy.
1 Cake Stand, crystal.
3 Egg Cups, Chrysanthemum.
4 Table Goblets, crystal.
FREE <fc'-fe Kft .
WITHrNZ t PHRf,HHSE
EACH I
v n-j«.w.Ba^ lijfi1 ijfi| B yj^||ji^ f . | iwm • A
1 Jardiniere, fancy. A
1 Berry Set, complete.
6 Cups and Saucers, decorated.
1 Claret Set, crystal glass.
1 Tea Pot. fancy china.
6 Pudding Bowls, Chrysanthemum.
1 Bisque Vase, fancy.
6 Dinner Plates, Windflower. .
12 Knives and Forks.
1 Water Pitcher, Windflower.
1 Butter Dish, decorated.
1 Tea Pot, Windflower.
6 Egg Cups, Chrysanthemum.
1 Salad Bowl, Chrysanthemum.
1 Cuspidor, fancy china.
1 Table Set, crystal.
1 Orange Bowl, crystal.
Many Other Useful Articles.
TFAS
1 - rA »- 7 20, 25, 30, 35, 40, 50, 60c a Ib.
COFFFFS
wv/i 1 ■-'«-••'' IS. 20,25, 30,35 1 40c a Ib.
ItCO 10, 15, 20, 25,30. 35, 40c a can
BEST QUALITY.  ,.... MCN'f.V
— OR— """""^™"
LOW ST PRICES; % PRTUKNED.
OPERATING ; 100 STORES
t.;ub,BsU..t,i rreaiOur Customers
With Extra Liberality.
Great American Importing Tea C 0.4
MONEY SAVING STORES'. I
1344 Market st. | 4 6 Ninth st. *
2510 Mission st. 218 Ihlrd st
140 Sixth st. 2008 Fiilmore st.
617 Kearny st. 965 Market at.
1410 Polk st. 3006 Sixteenth si.
gi Montgomery avti. 104 Second st .
33 3 Hayes st 3285 Mls^^ st .
52 Market st. (Headquarters). S. H.
1053 Washington st. 616 E Twelfth st
U. San Pablo aye. 9 , 7 Broadwly%akl«4
'355 Park 'f.Alao.eda. :STORY OF SEPOY mutiny.
px THE FACE < F THE WATERS— By Flora
. Annie stee:. The Macmillan company. New
"Vo k. Price SI SO. For sale by William Doxey,
•Palace Hotel, C;tr.
if^fj DOUBLE interest is given to this
>|±Jv DOUBLE interest is given to this
£• bock by the fact that it is both
." Jf^Vj a good novel and an accurate ac
count of some of the principal in
■ cidents cf the great Sepoy mutiny by one who
has Studied botn ii and Indian character
while living in that country and having op
• portunities :o converse with actors on both
sides of the struggle. This is the first histori
cal novel that has been written cased on the
terrible events of that fanatical uprising, and
it is exceedingly well none. In reading it one
can scarcely tell whether he is most absorbed
in th literary irt with which the historic
events are related or in the study of the ficti
tious characters which the author has to
closely interwoven with exciting incidents of
real life. lE3HI
T-he author assu.res us .that while the book is
a commingling of tact and fiction, sha has not
allowed the fiction to interfere in the least
with the strict accuracy of her facts. She has
been scrupulously exact even to the date, tie
'. hour, the scene, and the very weather, as to
the historical part. The real actors in the
tragic event whom she introduces into the
■ o story are not allowed to say any thirg which is
rot shown correct by the reports of eye-wit
nesses, or by. their own writings. Some of the
leading incidents of the fictitious part are so
similar to what really happened that they can
not be regarded as incredible.
• The. somewhat puzzling title of the story is
explained by telling that when the natives
\ are asked the" .cause of the mutiny their usual
answer is: '-God knows. He sent a breath
into the world." This suggested the words in
Genesis that were chosen as a title lor the
book.
The historical part of the story is restricted
almost entirely to the events ti.at took place
in ami c.ose around Delhi. The rush ot the
mutineers to that cny, its abandonment by
the English, and subsequent siege and cap
ture, are a.l elaborately dejcibed, wh:le our
interest in the events is greatly intensified by
the author having roused our sympathies for
tne personalities of those who are taking an
aCuve part ia the events. The pilace o: : ri 3
great M<--ghul .in Delhi, who for a few short
weeks was imagined by his courtiers to be the
Emperor of India, is qult« a feature of the
book, and is the reiu.i of careful itndy of
wnat.was the actual condition of affairs in
thy brief dresm of ancestral power restored.
The story of the hercic defenge of the powder
magazine by the nine Englishmen who had it
: Lharge, and of how they resolved to blow
1: up and did blow it up rather than let the
mutineers get possession of it, is told in a w»y
to send thrills of admiration through the
ve:ns. The writer eloquently re ates bow
through all the many military blunders o:
that terrjble lesson of mistakes that brought
■ on the mutiny, and then tailed to suppress it
promptly, ;he creat treasure of personal cour
age was never lost. At the end of the story
6he does indeed severely stricture the soldiers
■who refused to obey when commanded to fol
low their officers to the atorrains of the Burn
Bes"i - y had bravely fought their
way into Delhi, but she lays the blame of thl?
to ihe rum- \r:;:k\r.z that demoralized many
. troopers wnen they began to loot the
town.
are we- made to see and feel
both sides of the quesrion of the awiul mu'.iny
that we can scarce y blame either the Sepoys
for rising in rebellion or the Englishmen for
their stern revenge. Feeling as the natives
must have felt when they were inarched out
to watch the shackles being riveted on the
eighty-five of their comrades \vno had been
condemned by conrt-mariial to ten years'
penal servitude mere.y because they refused
to obey an order that was to them the same as
becoming defiled and apostate, it would rather
seem to us low that tney would have been
base not to have risen in revolt agains: such
stupid tyranny. But afier the deed was done,
acd their savage natures had led them Into
outrages against women and children, the ter
rible retaliation of the Engl:shmen was as in
evitable and natural as the outbreak of the
Indians. The obstinate stupidity of the Brit-
ish officers in forcing the needless issue upon a
rece who could not be expected to understand
the matter from a .European point of view is
brought.out la a way so strong as to serve for
a -on for all time against petty tyranny.
• Mrs. Steel makes us feel With the Sepoys that
Sense of. outrage and meaningless oppression
that the silent and' sullen ranks of Hitherto
faithful soldiers had fairly preised into their
souls as they stood there watching and listen
■ ing as the rivets were cinched in the shackles
of one after another of their race and brotners
Inarms whose sole offense was th-: refusal to
submit to degradation. The conflict that was
going on in the mind* of many of those dark
men between their love for their officers and
the'ineradicable instincts of their race is por
trayed in a way to rouse oar sympathies for
the painful dilemma forced upon the Sepoys.
That 'the representatives of a great, enlight
ened and Christian nation should have left
them no escape from what to them was such a
terrible choice between two evils is one of the
■ tnbst astonishing blindnesses modern history
. records.
" Alter describing how this outrage has made
" the Sepoys. ripe for rebellion Mrs. Steel's story
attributes the actual outbreak of that mur
derous war to some taunting words that fell
fromja. harlot's lips. A troop of native cavalry
were loitering through the haunts of dissipa
tion in the town of Meerut. A young and dis
■ solute, soldier had his advances met by the
jeering reply of a girl: 'We of the bazaar kiss
no cowards." Balked in his passion he left
her with an oath, and dashing into the street
raised the cry to rescue their Sepoy comrades
from the Jail. The cry was quickly responded
to and the prisoners freed. The next cry
raised was "On to Delhi!" and the great revolt
followed as swiftly from the girl's words as if
r some great prophet or chieftain nan given the
command to march and fight. "The word had
been- spoken. Nothing so very soul-stirring
° after aIL No consideration of caste or re
ligion, patriotism or smbiilon. Only a taunt
from a pair of painted lips."
In tb'e fiction part of the story there is a
. Major — brutal, dishonorable, unworthy
of a pure woman's love. His wife, Kate
Erlton, is it-fined, religions, noble-minded.
She does not love her husband, but lives with
him- and tries to save him from public dl.«
.honor for the sake of their son. Er. ton fulls
in love with Mrs. Gissing, who has a husband,
'coarse, indifferent to his wife's doings, and
absorbed in unscrupulous commercial pursuits.
Ehe has troops of admirers ana goes in fora
pay time. Erltoii's attentions to her becoma
an open scandal. He plans to run away with
Alice Gissing. While he is pondering the
question of deserting his wife this thought
brlugs decision: "I will stick to little Allle.
Who never makes a man feel like a fool or a
brute." -The elopement is prevented by the
o sudden death of Alice Gissing while perform
ing an act of dating heroism. Some of the
fine work of the author is done In gradually
bringing out many contrasting points in the
character of these two women, who had oppor
tunities to gave and spoil the same man. We
are compelled to recognize that Kat3 Erlton,
with all her virtues, has serious faults, and that
€ Alice Gissing, with all her faults, has the ad
mirable virtues of generosity, unselfishness,
courage and much common sense.
Toward the end Kate Elton begins to pon
der over the query why she had failed to make
her husband a better man. when the fact was
plain that Alice Gissinc hud accomplished
■ucn »n Improvement in him. Mrs. Steel is
strong in this art of making us feel what a
mixture human nature i- Of base and noble
traits, Bhe decs not sharp y divide people
into villains and saint?. Even Erlton is made
to display some :iob!e impulses before the end
of the sle?e of Pe.hi.
There is a strange story in the book of the
platonio love of a you: g Indian Prince for a
native woman of noble birth, which the author
says is founded on fact. The Princess is a
widow who :s not free to n-.arry again. The
Prince is recklc-^y lissolute. bat his fascina
tion for this woman sways him strongly.
One night the Princess hints that her love
for him might make her weak. He lightly
leaves her then, saying that the love of the
kissing a:id car».-s.-i::g kind was too common to
be cared for. The illusion ill destroyed and
the charm gone. The woman turns away to
weep and the man goes eayly down the stairs
singing a love song.
The book is sure to interest. It has some
faults of obscurity occasionally, and in some
: parti seems 100 strung-out, but the work has
sterling merits that more than compensate for
its faults.
A PSYCHOLOGICAL STUDY.
MARVELOUS KVIDKNCK —By Thomas H.
Bates. K. C. McCul ough & Co. Price 3U cents.
-i or »ale by ail bookstores.
Mr. Bates, ;el is a story In this little book
that does indeed give marvelous evidence
of spirit life and the wandering ol
souls freed from the body about the ea.th. It
relates that three boys went to sea about the
same time, the eldest taking a ship for Bom
bay and the two younger boarding one bound
for New Orleans. Before parting the eldest,
who bad a great attachment for the youngest
of the three, peed around the neck of his
comrade an Agnus Dei, which is a Catholic
emblem commemorative of the Lamb of God.
It contained a picture of the Madonna and the
MRS. FLORA ANNIE STEEL.
name of the mother of the youth worked Into
the fiber of it.
Dnrinpa terrific storm while on his return
voyage the elder boy heard a «p:rit voice say,
"Agnus Dei," and heard distinctly the rattle
of distant rine fire. When he returned to New
York he learced that the grandmother of the
other two boys, who were his cousins, had
heard on tr.e same night and at the same hour
of the night the rattle of guns firing and the
spirit voice saying "Agnus Dei." He learned
that the other twain had gone to the war iv
Mexico, and he found in the grandmother's
rOvin the "Agnus Dei" he hr.'l trlven his be
loved cousin, but pressed out of shape and hav
ing a b'.ood >tain on it. He attempted to trace
them In Mexico, and he four.a tha: both the
Doys had been mortally shot on the night that
he heard the rifle reports at s<?a and the mys
terious voice saying '-Aen:~ I 1;:.' Hi
the old Spanish priest who had nur-ed them
in their last hours and buried them. He said
the younger boy was put in his grave with the
Agnus Dei on his breast. They dug up the
body. The Agnus Pei was gone.
Harry subsequently lost this marvelous
Agnus Dei, end many years after, while he
was living here in San Francisco, it was mys
teriously returned to him through the instru
mentality of a hypnotised suijrct. In me
appendix is another marvelous Btory of how
Mr. Bates recognized a criminal as a result of
dreaming of hi* face.
ARTIST AND ARTLESS MAID.
LYING PP.OPIIKTS- By Rdeo Phii'potts. Peter
i:e:ieloii LcKu-r, New s or*. Piip':r, J5 cents.
Joan, the heroine of this story, is a handsome,
pleasant, simple-minded girl. The artist per
suades her to give him numerous sittings for
a picture he is painting end then takes ad
vantage of her innocence to teach be:, from
what seem to her a standpoint of superior wis
dom, that nature had made this artist and
maid especially for each other in spite of the
fact that Joan hud a trusting iover away on an
ocean voyage. One of the lying prophets re
ferred to by the title ib the anisi's teaching
with regard to nuturp.
Joan's uncle tells her: " 'Tis like this: Your
man did take plain nature for God. an 1 he did
talk foolishue«s 'bout finding h:in in the scent
of flowers, the hum of bees an' si< h like. May
hap Nature's a gude working God lor a selfish
man, but she edn wan for a mail, as you
knaws by now." The other Ibet U
the girl's father, who (■ a religious fanatic:
"His God do everlastingly sit alont^ide hell
mouth an' laugh to see all the world s»wal kin'
in. Thter's another plchsher of God fore;
but mark this, gal, they be lying prophets
both."
The book contains one amusing but terrible
in.i:n;ment against fate. It is charred that
fate is a coward becuuse it hits a hungry man
oe:ow the belt.
BRITANNICA'S SUPPLEMENT.
The second volume of the New American j
Supplement to Encyclopedia Britannica, of |
which five volume* are to b? s«ued by the j
Werner Company, publishers. Hew York, Chi- i
cago and Akron, O.iio, has been received. It j
fulfils in an nmp c manner the promise of the
publishers in recently sending out the first
volume — namely, thai ihe work as it pro
gressed would demonstrate the thoroughness of
the undertaking in all departments of learn- j
ing, and that when linishei it would comprise j
a reference-book winch w. v.d make the ninth
and last editipn of the Encyclopedia Britan- ;
nica virtually a tenth edition.
In the votume jJst received, covering the i
alphabet from CA to FOR, there are a number j
of articles treating of iraportant topics by spe- ;
cinlist?, the most notable of them relating to j
"Electricity." This contribution comprises i
ffrty pages, «nd ii in its«-if a complete, «i- :
though condensed, textbook on tl:e subjec.
It Is from ;h« pea of. o. W. eUnuon, Va.b n oi I
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1897.
BOOKS
AND
BOOKMAKERS
the Ryerson Physical Laboratory, University
of Chicago, a .d will i.ereafter be used as a
textbook on tne subject of electricity in tha:
Institution. The article is illustrated by over
100 engravings and diagrams, prepar-d by
the author in his laboratory at the university.
In addition there are specially signed arti
cles from the pens of Professor Fred Lewis
Pattee, on "Canadian Literature"; on "Ca
na.s," by Lyman E. Cooley of the United
S;ate? Deep Waterways Commission; on
"Women's Clubs," by Ellen M. He.rotin,
president General Federation of Women's
Clubs; on "Coast Defenses of the United
States," by Major-General Nelson A. Miles;
on "Finances of the United States," by Hon.
John Sherman; on "Congress and the Legis
lative Power of the United S:ates," by Hon.
Thomas B. Reed; on "Education in the
United States. B. A. Hinsdale, Ph.D.,LL.D.,
of the University of Michigan; "Canada," by
G. Mercer Adam, etc.
The volume is embellished by over 150
illustrations of State seals, capitol buildings,
college and university buildings, portraits,
etc. This volume, like its predecessor, U
handsomely printed and bound in a substan
tial manner, and makes a most valuable addi
tion to any library, whether used in connec
tion with the Encyclopedia Britannica proper
or independently, as ail articles it treats of are
complete in themselves.
FAMED FLORENCE.
LITERARY LANDMARKS OF FLORENCE—
By Laurence Hutton. Harper A Brother, New
Tort. Pric* *1. For aaio by A. H. Kobertson,
PCS', s:ree:, City.
The literary celebrities who have lived In
Florence make that city an interesting spot to
all lovers of letters. Laurence llutton'a litt c
book contains chat about the famous authors
who have dwelt there and the houses in
which they lived. Ha claims that the book
hes much Information which does not exls
elsewhere, mid that he has cleared upanum
ber of doubtful points about D*nte and Boc
caccio. The house in which Dante lived, he
tells us, has been so moJera.z d as scarcely to
be of any interest. There are a nnmber of
illustrations in the book of places made very
interesting by their association with famous
people, and one of Savonarola's cell shows the
quarters of the austere monk to have been
very ; ictur.sque, with it* arched door and
root, its tesselated floor and artistically barred
window. He -at in an antique Grecian chair,
and a crucifix adorned his desk. The two
villas ia which the guy ladies and gallants
met to tell the famous and frolicsome tales of
Boccaccio' 3 "Decameron" are located and de
scribed. The room which George Eliot once
occupied in Florence was later used by
: Thomas Hardy, and the author imagines the
' spirits of Romola acd Tes« meeting there.
There is a picture o the Villa Landor in
which Walter Savage Landor lived alone- till
solitude made him truly savage. Out of one
of the dining-room windows of this villa he
once threw his cook. He regretted this deed
ever after, because, he satd.it spoiled a fine
tulip bed of whicn he was very fond. The
house where G alileo dwelt Is shown, and the
i Casa Guido windows made famous by Mrs.
Browning. Her tomb in that city it very beau
tiful. Of the Casa Bella, where Nathaniel
Hawthorne wrote some of his famous fiction,
we are told that it has' a summer-house in its
garden — "a spot in which above all others one
would choose to sit and muse and dream of a
Btory." :
THE MARCH MAGAZINES.
The Century.
The Century for March is an "inauguration
number," and is one of a series of special
issues which will make the present year of
that magazine of more than ordinary interest
to Its readers The Century was never more
popular than at present. Its January ana
February numbers went out of print within a
week of issue, and its two leading serials,
"Campaigning With Grant, " by General
Horace Por:er, and "Hugh Wynne, Free
Quaker," Dr. Weir Mitchell's novel of the
American Revolution, are attracting wide
spread interest. Dr. Mitchell's atory, the scene
of which is laid in Philadelphia, has doubled
the sale of the magazine in that city. This in
auguration immb.T contains several articles
which will have a special interest to Ameri
cans at this time. One. 'Our Fellow-Citizen of
the White House," by C. C. BueL describes
the official life of a President, and is illus
trated by Jay Hambridge and others. Three
frontispiece portraits are given with the num
, ber—two of President-elect McKinley and
one of President Cleveland at his desk— ail of
them made from photographs specially taken
for the Century. J. B. Bishop contributes an
article on "Inauguration Scenes and Inci
dents." with stories and pictures relating to
some famous inaugurations of the past. The
Librarian of Congress describes the splendid
| building just completed for the National Li
brary, and William A. Coffin, the art critic,
writes of its decorations. These articles on
the new library, with the twenty-six illustra
tions accompanying them, form the most com
plete account of the subject yet printed. It is
| noted in an editorial on "A Good Example in
Government Building" that the library build
ing was completed within the time limit and
at a saving of $140,000 on the total appropri
ation. The great municipal building in Phila
delphia cost $1 GO per cubic foot, while 'his
has cost but 63 cents a cubic foot Including
decorations. Captain Alfred T. Mahan writes
of Nelson's most famous battle, Trafalgar, and
among the illustrations is one showing the ar
rangement of the signal flags, spelling out the
sentence "England expects every man wilt do
his duty." AuoUier illussraUoo is t& «o«;ay
ing by Timothy Cole of Tamer's fcrre»t picture
"The Old Temeraire."
Harper's.
Harper's Magazine for the month of March
I will oi>en with a iigaincant and timely paper,
"Prep&redneis for War," by Captain A. T.
Mahtn, L\ 3. N., who will show how our con
; sistent euforcemeat of the Monroe doctrine
j involves ereater probability of (onflict with
I Kuropean powers, and will outline a scheme
j for defense by sea. In ' the second
I paper ,f tne series entitled "The Awakening
of a Nation," Charles F. Lummls will de
! scribe the religious, charitable and political
institutions of Mexico, which not only were
the first, but are am^ng the mosi nighly
I developed in the American hemisphere.
j The illustration? will portray the magnificent
I public works of the City of Mexico,
and the monuments of art and architec
ture which make it the handsomest capi
tal in America. "Astronomical Progress of the
I Century," the second of a series of amply
j illustrated papers on the modern contribu
i tiona to science, by Dr. hev.ry Smith Williams,
j will trace the deve'.opment of the latest
I theory of the universe, unfolding a scientific
) actuality more stupendous in its reaches of
i imagination than the cosmography of the
•'Divine Comedy" or "Paradise Lost." George
dv Maurler's "The Martian" will be even more
autobiographic than usual, many of the events
occurring just at they happened to Da
Maurier. Tne feature of the installment is the
! Intervention of the inhabitant of Mars, from
j whom the novel takes its name. The illustra
j tions represent Dv Maurier's work at its best.
In "The Las; of a Great Black Nation" Poult
ney Blgelow wilt describe the English rule In
Lasutolfind, and will detail the arts of oppor
i tuni«m by which Moshesh, the national hero of
; the Basutos, earned the title of the "Blsmarc*
of South Africa." The paper will bo sp'.eadldly
illustrated by It- Caton Woodvllle. In 'The
| Decadence of the Nt-w England Deep-sea Fish
| cries" Josepn Wi.li m Collins will record the
development of canning and ice-packing in
America, ani will show how they have
affected the most ptcturesque and venture
some of our industries. The article will be
lully illustrated by Carlton T. Chapman.
St. Nicholas.
Considering its s : z«. St. Nicholas seems to
hold the most of acy of the magazines. Here,
for instance, is the March number — not too
balky to go comfortably into the pocket of the
overcoat of any father of boys and eirls— and
yet it finds room for six serials in addition to
all its wealth of minor feaures and its two de
partments. The seriaU, tco. are worth while.
Here is Laurence Huiton's account of the life
of 'A Boy I Knew,' that it, of himself in New
York City during the time of the Voinn
teer Fire Deportment; and that remarkable
story of the War of the Rebellion, toid by
W. H. Shelton— artist, author and soldier;
'mi "Master Skylark'" by the delighttul
"Jack Bennett oi Chllicothe"; and Miss
Baylor's sketch of the spoiled child "Nna
Barrow'; and Nosh brooks' retelling
of Marco Po'.o's alTentures; while "June's
Garden," by Marion Hill, is a deilgtu to chil
dren whose cheeks can dimple over fun. or
whose eyes can fi:i with deiicious tears when
the heroine is at her wit's end. But, if you
don't read serials there is still enough to sat
isfy you. Being the March number, in a Presl- !
denttal year, there is an excellent account of
the inauguration ceremonies, Irom the ride to
the Capitol to the grand ball at night And
besides there is a "Century of Praridents"; o
set of interesting prize-questions about United
Sta ten history; a Western story, "Jed's Wind
! mill," showing how a child's toy saved three
j lives, and Miss Kate Sweeter's lively story
called "Teddy Balrd's Luck"— about how a
policemnn arrested Teddy for scorcaine, and
i thereby assisted in the escape of the burglars.
Mr. Kelyea illustrates this. For practical arti
cles it offers Charles K. Thurstou'» "Harbor De
fenses," showing what a warm reception the
'. American Eagl-i will soon offer any of his
, friends the enemy who may desire to try tar
get-practice against the Brooklyn bridge. Or
I it shows you what Gustav Kobbe has to say
about "Que«r Craft"— snd queer enough they
are— especially the Portuguese fi«hing-boai.
: After seeing this craft, we are not surprised to
! learn that to the "tarry sailor mar." all queer
craft are "Poriugee." Then, too, "Animal
Tracks in the Snow," as descr Ded by Mr. Hos
i kins, will open a new page in Nature's book
to many a keen-eyed youngster. And for
,' verse — this March number has no reason to
dread comparison with its feilowy, for ltshows
proully, the "Rhyme of Drumlie Drummer,"
by Mrs. Richards, with Birch's delightful plc
j tures; 'Little Shadow Folk"— a dainty bitof
; verse by ( har'.es Crandall; "The Little French
| Poodle," by Laura Cate; and "All in the Win
ter Weather"— a delightful bit of fairyland, by
Grace Wlnthtop— with fairies and bugaboos by
1 Birch.
McClure*s.
Following are some of the good things to be
! found in the March issue of McClure's
} Magazine:
An article by W. D. Howclls on Rudysrd
Kipling as a poet. The first installment of a
; fine tale of adventure by Robert Louis Steven
' son, left unpublished at his death. It is a
I love story, having for its hero a French soldier
. held a prisoner of war in Edinburgh Castle
and for its heroine an aristocratic Scotch
maiden whom he meets there. A thrilling
chapter of secret war history will be related
by General John It, Thayer, formerly United
States Senator from Nebraska. It Is an ac
count of a night he passed alone with Secre
! tary Stanton in the War Office when the latter
: was expecting that Prti;dent Johnson would
j attempt to dUpossess him of his office by force
jof arms. Full-page -portraits, from recent
i photographs, of President-elect McKtnley and
j his mother. An account of his own
adventures and experiences as a surgeon
on a Greenland whaler by Conan Doyle.
: The paper will be illustrated with
j numerous pictures of Arctic sealing and
j whaling. A paper by Hamlln Garland on
I "Grant'i Quiet Years at Northern Posts,"
waich will emboiy personal recollections of
Grant by his old comrsdes and associates at
Sacketto Harbor, Detroit, and on the Pacific
Coast, and will tell the story of his resignation
i Irom the army.
Godey's.
Godey's Magazine lor March Is notable for
tha variety of it? topics and the versatility of
Its general meie-up. The leading article, on
"Pastime Photography," shows what pleasing
work can be done by a skillful use of the
camera and livin 7 model*. It is fully illus
trated with quaint and pretty pictures. Fol
lowing this is "Modern Art iv Piano-build
ing," illustrated with pictures ol the most
beautiful instruments of recent make. These
pictures will surprise many people. "Dresden
Opera" receives treatment, with illustrations,
and will interest not only musical people, but
general readers as well. Among the "spe
cials" of timely interest is ''Handsome News
paper Women." with portraits. In which
Mlsa Helen Winslow of the Boston Transcript
describes the life and work ot several promi
nent beautiful women of the press. The strong
fiction of the issue ia "The Separatist
Preacher," by May Kelsev Champion, wno
tells her tale in an intense and forceful man
ner. Few people nre famiiar with the separa
tist movement of 1740, and the nory will be a
revelation to many. Humorous fiction is
tound in "Cupid »nJ Pegasus," by Jean Mey
ers, and tragedy in "Ugo," a taie of the circus
ring, by Clara Sprague Ross; and many other
goo 1 itoriea help to fill the number. An espe
cially timely anJ interesting feature of the
magazine is "Among the Ferns," by Charles
F. Saunder-', with drawings from the living
ferns by Elizabeth Moore Kallowell. Fern
lovers will find in this article much that is
helpful and pleasing. Practical topics are
1 covered well in "Standard Time and Time
j Tables," by a railroad man, and by '-Sam
1 JohnslDg," who discourses feelingly of the "De
; cadence of Negro Minstrelsy"; andtheliter
i ary treat of tuo month is found in the "Book
-1 cry," where Chellfer writes of the "New Eng
j land of Mary Wilkins. "
Lipplncott's.
The complete novel in the March is«ue of
i Lippmcott's is "Dead Selve*." by Jalia-Ha
gruder. It dea's with the emotional aud
spiritual awakening of two highly superior
I persons who have managed to reach mature
| years end go through a great deal of expert
; ence without becoming acquainted with their
I latent possibilities— In t-hort. heir hearts.
•'Father Sebastian." the hero oi a short story
by Kate Jordan, was one of the martyr-priests
of the Parisian Commune. Oweti Hall relutes
an Australian lej;en t- in "'The Phantom Kan
garoo." "Sue's Weddin*," by Minna C. ila:e,
iis a brief sketch w.th a sharp point.
| Helea F. Lovett, in ' : A Jjilercma of the Bay,"
shows how auruisin may be overdone.
I "Farming Under Glass," by George E helbert
| Walsh, is a clear and instructive expcs.tion of
what has been done — whicu is very much — (or
human food by meaas of hothouses. John E.
Bennett writes of "The Deserts of Southeast
California," aud Professor L. Oscar Kuhn*of
the "Origin of Pennsylvania Surnames." D.
| C. Macdonald tells what is to be eeen "In the
Manuscript-rooni of the Brltiia Museum."
"The Contributor His Own Editor," by Fred-
THE LATE H. C. BUNNER.
eric M. Bird, suggest* sundry ways in which
writers coull d« their own wnr;, now of;e:i
neglected, to their own aJvanta?e, now often
missed. Ellen Duvall discusses "Innocuous
Vanity." The poetry of the number, all brief,
is by Florence t'arle Coates, Carrie Biake Mor
gan and Theodosia Pickering.
Current Literature.
The March number of Current Literature
contains air.ong its uius. abundance of excel
lent material three especially noteworthy
selections from recent publications: A spir
ited !.rene from "On the Face of the Waters,"
Mrs. Steel's much-ta ked-of s tory of the Indian
mutiny; a selection entitled "The Psychologi
cal Absurdity of S cialism," from "The Prin
ciples of Sociolocy," volume HI, the final
volume of Herbert Spencer's great work, "The
Syntnetic Philosoptir,' and several extracts
from James Whltcomb Riley's "A Child-
World," his first— and a notably auccessful—
sustained effort in homely epic.
Frank Leslie's.
The widespread interest In the coining in
augural ceremonies at Washington gives time
liuess and value to the article entitled "Ninety
seven Years in the White House." which forms
the leading feature of Frank Les'.ie's Popular
Monthly for Marc. l. It h written by Joanna
K. Nicholis, and is profusely illustrated with
portraits and interior views reproduced
from new photographs. Then there is
a vigorous dascripiio.i of the great Lin
coln inauguration, by lion. A. Oakey
Ha.l, who was a part'.cipan t in the ceremonies.
This is illustrated with a reproduction of a
sketch of the inauguration mede at the time,
and a picture of some of the costumes worn at
the inauguration ball. There are many other
lnteresiing and important articles in this
number, aud some clever stories and poems.
Vassar Cclieee is <le*erib-a in a splendidly
written paper by Blanche A. Jones; Frederick
A. Obi-T writes oi "Some Natives of North
Africa," which include th^ Arabs, Berbers,
Touraegs and Moors; there is the concluding
paper of EJmund Jennings Lee's excellent
estimate of the character ol General Robert E.
Lee; "A Thousand Ml'es Up the Amazon" is
entertainingly described by Clarence B. Riker;
Commissioner Blechenden tells of life in
India; the city of St. Louis comes in for an
appreciative peper tytCharles Tnomas Logan;
and there is gome i:lustrated stage gossip, a
young folks' depar.ment, talks about new
books, cod many other things.
The Home Journal.
A novel method of presenting the newest and
freshest Easter ide creations of Paris milliners
has been adopted by the Ladies' Home Jour
nal for March. In that nianaztue the new
French hats and bonnets will be pictured as
they are worn. This un:que display is useful,
therefore, in pointing tut c.early not oniy
fashion's decree, but the s.yles in headdress
best suited 10 several contrastei types and
faces.
Captain A. T. Mahan's 'Kelson and the Brit
ish Sea Power' will be published m March by
Messrs. Little, Brown & Co. of Boston in two
octavo volumes of about 900 pages and will be
illustrated with twelve battle plans, eight
lithographic maps and about twenty photo
gravure plates. The oook will deal both with
Nelson's public and private life, founded
largely upon the study ol nis correspondence.
Captain Manan, wno is living in New York,
has been excee lingly busy this winter putting
the finishing touc les on this book and also in
writing lor tae century and Harper* a.
HOME LIFE OF H. C. BINNER.
By W. C. Bvmrver.
|^S!SyIFTED writers on either side of the
IJ^^ A'.iantic have b2en most lavish in
%_jj^ their praise of H. C. Bunner, the
' writer. The most eloquent peas have
told of their admiration for his work. Little
has been said of Bunner the man, and, aside
from the article in the Bookman by his life
loug friend. l.aurcr.c.' Hatton, I believe al
most nothing has been said of his home life.
A short biographical sketch may be of interest
here to show the difficulties a journalist must
surmount ere anything approaching public
approbation can be obtained.
Henry Cuyler Bunner was born in Oswego,
V. V., forty-two years ago. Among his im
mediate ancestors were the Sciiuyiers, Van
Rensselaers, Churches and others of the old
Knickerbocker stock. His father, being a Co
lumbia man, designed that his son should be
educated at that famous college and moved to
New York City that he might better accom
plish his purpose. The boy was placed for a
preparatory course in the private acaaemy of
Dr. Kalsen, who^e establishment was then
situated about the region of Forty-second
street, east of Broadway. Here young Bunner
made a most brilliant record, outstripping sH
h: s classmates in English literature, French.
German and the dead languages. But, alas!
the father's fond hopes were not to be realized.
Business reverses came, his fortune was swept
away and the good man's death soon followed.
On the loss of his fortune the old gentleman
thought he had learned a great object lesion.
Being a pio'essional man, a lawyer of the
old scnoo', he saw the successful merchant
wax wealthy on the rains of his own comfort-
|^S!SyIFTED writers on either side of the
lj^K?S Atlantic have bseu most lavish in
l^J.^ their praise of H. C. Bunner, the
" writer. The most eloquent pens have
told of their admiration for his work. Little
has been said of Bunner the man, and, aside
from the article in the Bookman by his life
loug friend. l.aurcr.e.' Hatton, I believe al
most nothing has been said of his home life.
A short biographical sketch may be of interest
here to show the difficulties a journalist must
surmount ere anything approaching public
up; rob.ttion can be obtained.
Knickerbocker stock. His father, being a Co
lumbia man, designed that his son should be
able fortuue. "My son shall be a merchant,"
was his logical conclusion. So this bright boy
was duly entered on the books of a most an
cient and respectable firm of Portugese im
porters that he might learn the art of money
making. Nothing could have been more un
congenial to the tastes of young Bunner than
the hr.miruci calling of a prosaic merchan'.
His employers soon decided tba r . he was not
fitted for a commercial career. Instead of de
voting his attention to the casting up of long
columns of figures on the ledger, he was con
tinually writing bits of verse and prose on
blotters or any blank papers convenient
about his de c k. Finally the l^-ead of this most
respectable firm was obliged to inform the
embryo merchant that his services were no
longer require! tad that he might resign with
the kind permission of nil concerned. 8o
ended the brief commercial career' of Bunner
the merchant, and thus began the life of Ban
ner the wr.ter.
Now came the time when he must choose his
own way in life. Tne selection was soon made.
The daily papers offered the only inducements
consistent with his tastes, so Bunner entered
the literary lists as an ordinary reporter on
the New York Sun, the most exacting of all
American newspapers. He was soon asked to
pilot a new venture known as the Arcadian,
which proved but a weakly infant, and soon
sickened and died. At this time Messrs. Sw&n
man and Kepp'er were struggling hard to keep
a little German pictorial above the surface,
and at a dinner of the most pronounced oo
hemian character it was decided to ask Mr.
Bunner to take charge of Its letter-press. This
offer was gladly accepted, and soon Puck be
came a power in the land.
Mr. Bunner occupied a most enviable posi
tion. Editor of a popular weekly in the creat
city of New York at the a<e of 23 ; surrounded
by a circle of charming friends, the very
choicest spirits cf Bo' emia, such men as
Laurer.ci Hinton, deor?e Larsons Lathrop,
Walter Learned of New London, Edwin Booth,
George H. Jessup, Joseph Jefferson and a hos!
of others, all loyal, pool fellows. Ttis com
pact of true friendship, although made some
twenty years ago, was never broken, save by
death.
Elercn years ago Mr. Bunner married Miss
Allot Learned, daughter of a New London
banker, aid sister of Walter Learned, the poet
ana magazine writer. The match was a
most delightful union of kindred spirits.
Mrs. Bunner was at once recog
nized as a charming entertainer, and
withal, a kind-hearted, benevolent littie
lady whom everybody loved, ishe seemed
like an inspiration to her husband, for soon
after this happy marriage Mr. Bunner began
work of a more ambitious sort. He was no
longer content with his weekly contributions
to Puck, but buckled down to the bard
task of writing a book ana at the same time
became a contributor to the leading maga
zines. A year after marriage Mr Bunner pur
chased their beautiful little home in Nutley,
N. J.,one of the most charming New York
suburbs. Although in another State, it
was easily reacned by crossing the North
River, lying about as convenient to New York
as does Oakland to San Francisco.
Here was established a happy home Indeed,
using the term in its broadest sense, for na
ture and art had combined to make It beauti
ful, both within and without. Imagine a
beautiful, old-fashioned house with many
gables, surrounded by a miniature forest of
beeches, elms and chestnuts; a velvety lawn,
girded by a low stone wall, which, by the by,
nobody every respected, but stepped over at
tue most convenient spot. A. coaafonaole, sa*ay
veranda equipDed with pretty hammocks and
the most inviting of wicker-chairs, a broad
open door, and it seemed to be everonen, lead
ing into a square hall, whicn occupied the
very center of the house. Doors opened from,
this hall into the dining-room, parlor and
Ibrarj, and it was a hbrary, too. Such a pro
fusion of books!
Books, books everywhere, and Just such
books as one would care to read. The rarest
gems of poetry and prose in German, French
and English. Then came the cheery dining
rooin, with its hospitable oaken table, and
sideboard garnished with quaint pieces of the
old, old family plate. And what brilliant din
ners that dear old room has seen! Here were
frequently assembled the most noted writers,
wits and artists of this generation. Here re
partee and bright sayings flashed forth like
pparks from an overcharged galvanic ma
chine. No bit of scandal was ever discussed
at this cheerful board, and its unwritten
motto might bear emulation in every home:
"Gossiping tongues come not here."
Mr. Bunner's relicious training came to a
full stop early in life. His father being of the
Episcopal faith intended to trsin his son to
thai belief. His mother was of old Puritani
cal New England stock und was a strict Uni
tarian. She was a Tuckerman of Boston. >'at
nrally a discussion arose as to which faith the,
boy should Inherit The father, being a
sensible men, compromised by proposing to
leave the matter to the sou's own choice
when he shouid have arrived at the age of
discretion. The result was that he rejected
both and formulated one of his own. A very
simple creed, indeed, the Golden Rule, which,
he considered the very keystone of all re
ligious architecture, and never man came
nearer living up to the very letter of his
laith than did the subject of this slcetcn.
Limited space prevent* my giving a very
definite idea of Mr. Bunner's attempts to re
lieve suffering humanity. This one instance
■will suffice to explain some of Mr. Bunner's
local charity worn. The local physician told
the writer that Mr. Bunner made this request
ten years ago.
"Doctor, see to it that no m&n, woman or
child within the range of your practice wants
for attendance, medicine, fo«d or necessary
cothing. Send all bills to me."
"You may be sure," said the doctor, "calls
have been frequent, but never was one of
these drafts dishonored. All were promptly
paid upon presentation. God bless his gen
erous soul."
I have mentioned that the door of thli
i happy home was ever open. And so it was to
j all friends and neighbors. Likewise a spacious
! sideboard, which was provisioned like a snip
; for a long cruise with every sort of cheering
i refreshment, including cigars, pipes, tobaccos,
j etc. And here you were expected to regale
yourself in the absence of the host. There
: was but one stipulation. Mr. Bunner had de
veloped the most decided dislike for politics,
and to crevent any mention of this subject he
cad written the following lines and posted
taem in a conspicuous place:
To those who would In quiet dwell
Political brawls are simpy bell.
Smoke your pipe and drink your drink,
Bui bear la mi. id your mouth can't think.
Thc-e lines are from memory, so the writer
j asks forgiveness if they are misquoted.
There was nothine terrible about this good
man's death. All was as peaceful and calm as
hisd3arest friends could have wished. I was
called to his bedside a few hours before the
end and listened to a few simple requests.
And most rationnl they were. Mrs. Bunner
was arranging little ornaments about the
,-oom when he called to her:
"Alice, am I alone?"
"Why, no, dear; lam here," she answered.
"Of course, you are, darling. What a silly
question to ask."
An amused smile overspread his face that
seemed to say:
"How could I ask that loving little woman
such a question?" The eyes ilofly closed as II
for quiet slumber.
This was the end.
LITERARY NOTES.
The first English edition of "Ziska," Marie
Corelli's new novel, which Stone &. Kimball
will bricg out this month, was 50,000 copies.
Drexel Biddle, publisher, of Philadelphia,
announces a second edition of -'The Froggy
Fairy Book," wh.ch was favorably reviewed in
numerous American newspapers last Christ
mas.
It is remarkable to note how tne sale oJ
"The Damnation of Theron Ware" continues.
Almost a year's sale does not seem to have
diminished the demand, and the publisher!
find difficulty in keeping the trade supplied.
The interest in Ibsen seems to be reviving.
His last play, "John Gabriel Bortman," has
been quite the sensation In London for the
past month. The book is published in this
country by Messrs. Stone & Kimball in their
"Green Tree Library."
Ouida, who. for a woman. Is not so hard
hearted as she is spiteful, writes in the West
minster Gazette: "As there are not more than
two out of every hundred books issued in
England worth the paper they are printea on,
it would be well if the press gave more atten
tion to the two, and none at all to the oth«r
ninety-eight."
There were 6573 novels published in the
United Kingdom in 1896, being an iucrease of
over 100 in new works and of 200 in reprints
as compared with 1895. The issue of theo
logical, educational and poetical works had
not increased, but tnere were 200 more his
torical books. The totals are lower, but the
proportions are probably about the same in
the United States.
JTETT TO-DAT:
#ooooooooooooex>oooooooooc
| GOOD FORTUNE SMILES!
1 m\ iw —
I ll \ 11 AWAY!
X Tell your friends about it and come
Q in yourself. JI.CCO in prizes given for
Q brains. How many words can you make
X using only the eight letters in the words
Q FARM NEWS ? Proper names and for-
Q eign words don't count. It is easy as
X the list can't be a long one. Send today
Q for a free sample copy of FARM NEWS
O containing list of prizes to the value of
X 11,000— and rules of the contest. Some-
Q body's going to get big prizes ; why not
Q you? Don't delay, but send today ba-
X fore the chance has slipped away. It ia
Q amusement, instruction and good
O fortune combined.
8 FARM NEWS, Springfield, O.
2324
FASHION'S FADS AND FANCIES
This very em.irt French tailor-made pown is of suede-colored cloth, trimmed with black velvet, embroidered with gold. The bolero of
snede cloth :s cut out in pointi over a fitted bodice of velvet, embroidered with gold. The cloth sleeves open upon a puff of velvet, Buttons
of engraved silver close tlie bolero and fasten the clotn sleeve to the puff.
M'jOUSQUETAIRE sleeves nre pro
£ claimed to be the thing for every
1 up-to-date evening and dinner
dress during the comine season. They
may be e-volved from a very transparent
fabric, such as beaded tulle, Chantilly
lace or mousseline de soie, gouged at the
seams and falling over the hands to the
.knuckles.
' The latest accordion-pleated skirts ema
nate from one of the leading dressmakers
in Paris. The new accordion pleating Is
alluded to as an "inventory," and it is
declared by fashion's votaries that it will
enjoy a great vogue, as it can be applied
to velvet, satia or tulle with equal ease,
as the pleats are only formed from the
hips and therefore do not increase the
size of the figure, which was formerly
one of the greate?t disadvantages
of accordion pleating. One such model
skirt greatly admired is of white
taffetas embroidered with bouquets
of jet; the bodice draped and em
broidered after the same manner. Witu
it was worn a Marie Antoinette fichu in
■mousseline de soie. Make a mental note
of the fact (you may positively depend
"upon my prediction) t bat fichus will be
much worn by fashionable women East
all through this summer, for they are
again to be the mode. Mile. Sorel a few
weeks ago wore one of white mousseline
de soie, edged with two frills, over a
bodice pf deep blue silk gauze upon a
mauve silk lining. The sfcirt was of taf
feta*; beautifully embroidered and very
much gouged .at the hips. Tho eltect by
the white fichu and the long mousquetaire
sleeves is said to have been most pictur
esque. The fichus are always worn
slightly open at the throat, being most
becoming when so arranged unless the
wearer is most painfully thin.
Gloves for evening dress are always
either white, cream or a pale shade to
match the dress, and when long are fin
ished at the top with a fall-off cuff of
white lace scangleJ so as to either inatcn
the spangles on the cowa or to repeat
some tone in the coloring. They are heid
in place round the arm with narrow rib
bons — white, mauve or pink, according to
the dress — and tied with frisky little bows,
which should not have any ends. The
latest gloves have the three seams cmbroi
derod with small spangles sewn on so as
to fit over one another like fish scales.
Such spangles may be either red, gold,
silver or of any appropriate color, but nat
urally the mousquetaire sleeve will do
away with long gloves.
Fup on Spring Organdy
Would not seom so very unseasonable
were it applied to woolen or silken fabrics,
but what do you think of a sheer white
organdy being beautiful, not only with a
lace applique, but also with a border of
line sabie, it is said to be a simply ravish-
Lngly lo.ve]y creation and vastly becoming.
HoVever, most of us will content our
selves with the evolution of dainty, fetch
ing frocks for the coming months, adorned
simply with laces and insertions, ribbons
and frills galore, and during the long,
quiet Lentcu days much thought can be
expanded in such vanities, but that re
minds me that I have heard little tales
concerning events that will take place
during the penitential period, which
makes me wander whether it will be very
strictly ob-erved; however, that is an
.other siory, and to return to the organdies,
mulls, chiffons, mousseliues dc soie and
grenadines, be sure if you cannot have a
silken foundation for each one, to at Jeast
taav« three perfectly titled, and then you
can make some really pretty little things
yourselves with a small amount of
patience, but let the dressmaker handle
the foundations, unless you have had a
considerable amount of experience.
Last summer I was much amused at
one young woman who was constantly
telling her frienus ai»out how she had
made all her light dresies. Well, she is a
regular beanpole, so she had all the silk
slips most carefully fitted and padded by
one of the best women here, and then she
really did make the little confections of
aiuslin and lace, for which she received
numberless compliments, but she never
told who made those lovely bHds, and we
can all take a leaf from her book and po
and do likewise, and thus have a ward
robe full of really charming garment at
the smallest possible outlay, but the >urn
absolutely necessary for our uirls to ex
pend for their frocks will be considerable
doring the next few week* if they have
aspiration* to be smartly robed, as a great
deal more trimming must be used oa all
dresses this summer, and therein lies
the expense, for example, from 200 to
400 yards of lace and almost the same
number of yards of insertion, fi«ure, on
one simple little organdy, which has a
creamy gown covered with natural seizei
Duchess de Brabant rosebuds, made over
a rose pink glace silk foundation.
Almost as pretty was one of pure white
i over pale-green silk. It had numberless
} frills, on every one of which were three
rows of narrow preen satin ribbon. Such
dainty belongings cannot be owned by us
all, and I suggest that those who cannot
i afford several such dresses — of course, I
' am most ail the while thinking of those
who go out a great deal or entertain con
siderably — should instead select-two pretty
! lieht taffeta silks and have them made
I perfectly, with different vests or tichus of
| raousseline or chiffon, and they will give
i an immense amount of satisfaction at the
I smallest possible expenditure, for a cer
tain outlay is absolutely necessary for any
one who has any ambition "to keep up
with the procession," otherwise take my
advice,_Btay at home and only see your
intiraato friends.
I know a true story about a very fash
ionables New York matron who bad two
beautiful daughters, who had just made
their cebut most successfully in the ap
proaching sprin :. She informed her hus
band what sum would be necessary to
supply their wardrobes for Newport and
lie promptly told her that such an amount
he could not afford, having just suffered a
financial loss. This wife did not weep,
but calmly thought about the situation,
and arrived at this conclusion that to goto
Newport without certain frocks was not
to be thought of, to stay in the baking
city would cause remarks, which would
lead to explanations which might affect
her daughter's prospeccs. So remember
ing that her husoand had lost an aunt in
London, she calmly said: "My dear, we
will go into mourning for Aunt Sarah,
and that will be our excuse for spending a
delightful summer in some quiet place."
In every way was this worldly-wise
parent's idea a success, for her girls re
turned for the next winter's campaign
thoroughly rested and refreshed and— but
the next thing I know I will be telling
yon a love Mory and that would not be
long to th.s pane.
Sun-Pleating.
As it is to be most fashionable for all
transparent fabrics, Ist me explain that it
is a wide, flat side-pleating. Two years
ago it was introduced iv New York by a
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1897.
well-known Broadway house, but it did
not take East. However, the Parisians
went into raptures over its charms. As a
result we are now receiving imported
evening frocks in this country from
France made up most delightfully out of
juin-pleated, gauzy fabrics. Let mo cau
tion you not to have your best frocks
made until the styleof skirt has lv?en posi
tively decided on, as the close-sheathing
skirt has already taken a fixed hold, and.
with the exception of the skirts for the
sheerest stuffs, it will be the model by
which all fashionable skirts will be cut.
Besides, remember most of ihr-m are to be
hung over a separate silk skirt, which
wili be very considerably narrower. Num
berless models and daring creations are
every season offered for our contempla
tion, but the wise woman with a small
income always waits as long as poisible
until things are definitely decided, so as
to have her few gowns in advance of the
styles here if possible.
Concerning sleeves, Vogue tells us: "Re
Gowr in the new combination of blue and purple. The purple skirt Jias five rows of nar
row bias black satin flounces. The waist is trimmed with five tiny rowi of pale blue satin.
Tne two little shoulder capes are flounced with blue. Tiie waiuband and collar are of black
6»tiu,
naissance sleeves are to be undoubtedly
the model for the coming season, the ami
fitted closely, with the tops frilled or
puff (id into fullness. That entirely tight
titting sleeves will be a little more general
would not be surprising, for a few were
seen last summer, and through the winter
we have met them occasionally. Those
who choose to wear them will be quite on
tl.o safe side, but the favorite sieeve, the
most becoming one. will be one which
gives the length of arm with long wrists,
clearly delined, end is topped off with a
jockey."
JI .Model Bolero
Fastening down one sdo and showing
a little frill of lace or lisse, revealing just
a peen of light under the bodice, is most
popular. The sleeves of this are made
with epaulettes trimmed with velvet rib
bons or with black silk braid, and the cos
tume ia generally completed by a plain
cloth skirt, either light or dark in color,
which may or may not be braided. When
made of black velvet sucli a bodice may
be worn for the next two months for in
formal visiting.
Very comfortable are the new bodices
mnde of lucked crepe de chine completed
with a linen collar and rihbon stock.
It is noticeable that the bolero form of
boJice in cloth or velvet, worn over some
light waistcoat of the lace or lisse order,
still has numerous fashionable devotees.
Two Jlmericanß in Paris.
A Paris correspondent writes that quite
lately Mrs. Vanderbilt called on the
(American) Countess de Castellane, and
on that occasion wore nn Ophelia green
moire. At the left ride of the skirt was a
panel trimmed with the new vandyked
buttonholed tabs edged with tinsel thread.
Every point was fastened with a jeweled
button. Down the left aide of the bodice
and on tbe sleeves were pleatincs of lace,
the falls of lace forming large bows, with
a jewelel button in the center of each.
The Countess received her friend at
tired in an at-home gown of cream-tinted
satin, which had a draped front of pink
satin, over which fell gracefully a garni
ture of rare old lace. The Waiteau back
fell in rich folds of satin, covered with
apple blossoms painted by hand.
Jiairdpessing.
Thii all-important topic deserves much
thought, and at the present moment
flowers, such as lilies of t. c valley, rose*
and violets, are being extensively used,
in combination with »;racefuily tied moire
bows. Very youthful debutantes are
wearing Jittle half-wreaths of small
fijwers. their older sisters p-eferring a
rose with two empire tip 3 richly spangled.
Tiny pompons with osprey aigrettes nre
like I, as are also ostrich plumes. At a
certain valentine party a beautiful girl
wore a rose falling at the nape of the
neck, the color of the rose matching the
ostrich tips on either shoulder.
The most fashionable coiffures show the
hair waved and toss d lightly back rather
than drawn back, and arranged in artistic
loops nnd puff* surmounted by an aigrette
caught with a jeweled ornament. A few
curls fall over the temples, or there may
be no bangs at all if desired, the waved
pompodour being in vogue.
In many instances the hair is waved
from the nape of the neck; after reaching
a certain height upon the head the liny
waves merge into a series of puffs, tne one
toward the front forming the pompadour.
A jeweled star, a bandeau of diamonds
and emeralds or of diamonds and olivines,
or two white wings rising from a jeweied
ornament, form a pretty finish to an
evening coiffure. The favorit6 place just
now for tne mass of hair is near that part
of the head which is most distant from
the chin. The place has to be varied
slightly in order to be becoming, the rule
b?ing 10 wear it high, and when a bat Is
worn it must not show below.
•Handkerchiefs.
Very elaborately embroidered are the
latest and no longer are floral designs in
vopue — birds and insects being now the
most correct ornamentations. On one
beautiful mouchoir are butterflies in each
of the four corners, on another a line of
swallows extend diagonally across the
center. Bees and flias border many and
the embroideries are to be i:ad in white or
in contracting shades, and some olaided
borders are shown. For mourning are
obtainable very exquisite handkerchiefs
witl) either white or deep violet cambric
centers edged with black duchesse lace.
Novelties are liked in cotton foulards
find batiste, being exquisitely fine in tex
ture as well as artistic in tints.
Monograms are done in outline stitch,
and are frequently piacel in the center of
the handkerchief. This is, however a
matter of fancy, but must always be
framed by a circle in some correspond
ingly attractive emDroiderv stitch.
Ecru linen handkerchiefs, with stripes
or checks of lavender, reseda green or old
pink, are among the smart combinations
for general utility purposes.
Handkerchiefs to match the gown in
color are quite the proper thing, and for
evening wear filmy bits of mousseline de
soie, edged by several ruffles of point
d'esprit lace, only are correct.
The minor accessories of the toilet are
demanding great attention, and none is
This little gown shows what we are coming to. We are to have our Fkirts of cashmere or
silk ior day as well as evening wear cut up into stories.
receiving more than the handkerchiefs of
'97. which ars daintily exquisite in design
and manufacture.
Oup Petticoats
Now demand as much attention as our
gloves or shoes, and for street wear none
are so stylish as those of the very best
quality of black taffeta, made with corded
ruffles. Frequently two or three are sewn
on together, thus giving the appearance
around the bottom of three distinct
skirls. The cords are usually set in clus
ters of five or three. Through some of
them are run featlierbone of the lightest
and most flexible quality, but a stiff cord
is preferred by most women. I have
heard of one especially handsome skirt,
which had a triple-foot flounce. On the
top one wasappliqued a heavy pattern of
guipure lace set in quite flatly.
It is the greatest possible mistake to put
lace on petticoats to be worn on tne
street, as it collects dust, germs and mi
crobe?, and is not only untidy but dan
gerous as well, for it tears easily, and so
has a tendency to trip up the wearer.
Truly gorgeous are many of »he petti
coats designed for house wear, the most
beautiful and costly of silks and laces be
ing lavishly consumed in their composi
tion. One such garment for a bride is. of
a rich heavy white silk covered with
bunches of pale pink rose? ; round the bot
tom is a lace-edued frill of rose pins taf
leta covered with one of fine white lace,
which has as a heading a quilling of tne
tai'f-ta. Indeed, no woman having any
irretentions to dressing well would think
her wardrobe complete without at least
half a dozen of silken shirts, many of
which owe their charms to the fact that
madame is an excellent shopper and un
derstands how charmingly odds and ends
can be put together at
small outlay.
The Tupban
Is the form of bat now to be worn on all
dressy occasions and it will shortly be
seen here in all colors and shades of
velvet and tulle. One turban just noted
in Paris was of turquoise tulle, trimmed
with a black velvet cnou and a long white
feaibor. Another wa» in cerise velvet
with two bluet tips fastened, en aigrette,
with a brooch of diamond*, and v third
was of whito tulle, trimmei with black
and white feathers. These turbans are
said 10 be easily mad*, only a tight-fitting
shnpe being necessary. The crown is
covered with plain velvet and the border
is a wide piece of either tulle or velvet
very closely twisted and attached at the
side where feathers and ornaments are
placed. Perhaps, after we have seen one
or two such models we might be able to
make one, but I should not like to experi
ment, so I advise you all to watch for
the openings of our leading milliners,
as thus far, excepting the turbans,
there are no distinct novelties in the
market except in bats, and a peep at some
of these which I have just enjoyed reveals
to me the popularity of glace silk, of
bright-colored straws, and of black tulle
bats with crowns embroidered in dia
monds or sequins. The artificial flowers
are more lovely than ever, and the best
examples of new millinery shows roses of
the brightest pink with a wealth of foli
age, these being used at the sole decora
tion to hats of dark red or cerise-colored
straw. These light straws which we
adopted last year are again to have our
favor; tne blue, the pink, the gieen, and
the mauve all reappearing, but at the mo
ment, perhaps, if we want to buy a new
hat we should eschew the charms of these,
it is too early for their immediate wear,
and choose rather one of the little toques
elaborately tucked and trilled of black
tuile traced with diamonds, turned up at
one side, with a couple of black feathers
and flowers. Such a style as this might
safely be allowed to accompany any gown
anywhere.
Oup Tables.
Table decoration is undergoing quit* a
change. Some ladies who have become
expert at the Honiton lace work have
combined the effect with rich embroidery
on a center iinen piece surrounded by the
border of Honiton. A recent Juncheon
showed the table all in white save the
effect of soft color produced by violet
sprays on the center linen piece of the
Honiton at the center of the table. Before
each guest's place were tiny doilies of the
same style for the glass butter-plate and
salt-cellar. These latter, by the way,
were imported from Russia and were
enameled little bowls in the quaint silver
smith's designs of the Russian domains
with -mall ladles of The same in eacn.
The floral center was ferns with fragrant
violets. The whole was Veritably a dream
of beauty. Marcella.
Style for Men.
The question is frequently asked why do
some men seem to impart a certain air to
every garment worn by them, and others,
who patronize better and more expensive
tailors, never look especially well. Natur
ally the way garments are put on has a
good deal to do with this effect, but a man
when giving his orders for a new suit
should Kr.ow exactly what he wants and
not allow the tHilor to make it as he
pleases. Apropos of this one authority says :
"Your clothes must be right. Bow to get
them right is indeed a hard problem to
solve. When I go to a tailor and he
marches me up to a r:diculoua old chromo
that shows off some men in dowdy clothes
I protest. When be tells me that the old
chromo is an authentic and reliable fash
ion plate, 'from the very best authorities
sir,' I boil.
"Do not let any tailor show you a fashion
p'.ate. There is not one that is correct,
up-to-date or proper. Men's fashion plates
usually represent the idea of some poor
cutter and designer, who was brought up
in the tenement district or some other
plebeian quarter. He gets so much a year
NEW TO-DAY-DRY GOODS.
CKH>O<K>O<><KH><>O-^
f SPRING NOVELTIES I
IcityofAparisiJ
V S.E. Corner Geary Street and Grant Avenue. V
| BLACK 1 COLORED DRESS GOODS ?
W JUST OPENED. ▼
6 40 Cases of Very Latest Novelties. &
6 %
X COLORED. BLACK. g
Q 35 Pieces 48-inch All-wool Mosaic 100 pieces 44-inch Black Imn^rf^ A
Suitings, both duraßle and sightly, Fancy Suitings, Imported p
0 $1 a Yard. 75c a Yard. X
0 11 Checks, all the -^^nS^d^^cfig 1 "" 1 g
$ From 85c to $2.50 a Yard. __J I a lard - $
Q 75 Pieces High Novelties in Eta- lII^T nPFltim X
X mine, Grenadines, Fishnet Suit- dLOI Urtl^lLU. S>
X R& S^rn tC *«JnsiSl Gr2 i c^ enuin 5 5 cases High-grade Paris Novelties, 0
X wJ F h S - ultm s and Sllk and in Grenadines and Etamines, all 6
q Wool fabrics. . the rage. V
Q<KKKX>Q<KKK)-(>O--<>o<
A LAWRENCE
j^fe;. SYSTEM.
!ll /\^SJ jx The only one by which
\T**f—J&f'^l y° u can make a garment
YTT^T?[N without trying on.
yHr""^^^ '; FREE TESTS.
-*3^ 1231 MARKET ST.
for desicning fashions for some indepen
dent fashion-plate publisher. It is ten to
j one if tuis seli-arpoinied creator of style?
j ever saw a well-dressed man. At any rate
i he is not the mm to tell men what to
j do. He gets his ideas from the channels
j that supply the clothier, the rendy-maaes.
( He draws a plate, and soon as it is out
every sweater and manufacturer makes
the suit. It is in the marfcet almost im
j mediately. You will rind these fasuion
j plate fashions in $5 suits.
"What kind oi a tailor will recommend
suits of that type to an experienced man
of the world? You must have a tailor
who can carry out the id°as mat you ab
sorb from mingling with'well-dressed men,
or that be has absorbed from having been
patronized by weil-dresseit men. Either
j you or the tailor must know enough to
stay away from the old fashion-plate*."
Recently a man asked what he should
i wear to church. lam not surprised at the
question, as I have noticed several who
should know better attired In tweed suits,
when they possessed an excellent frock
and cutaway coats, which they really
might have put on witn fancy worsted
| trousers, well-polished calf or patent
leather shoes, slate or tan rollored gloves,
light-colored tie and silk hat.
With a frock cjat lUht trousers are
worn, with a cutaway rather dark ones.
At informal morning and afternoon af
fairs, when one has to be dressed "above
the business or negligee standard," the
cutaway coat can be donned.
Ti.e very latest collar, that promises to
take extremely well in New York, is a
half-banded turndown. It is worn with a
narrow back satin cravat, tied iv a small,
compact bow.
Spring suitings are arriving in great
quantities. Every sort of mixture and
all kinds of plaids are shown, but the
Cambridge and Oxford mixtures of serges
are especially good. For ihe street and
country hopsacking will be seen, ana
knickers will be constantly worn by men
when in the country, no matter what
they happen to be doing, but when yacht
ing double-breasted coais of black cheviot
or blue serge will be worn wnb. white
duck trousers.
In the fancy suitings checks are in mod
erate patterns aud in rather quiet tones.
The Scotch tweeds, cheviots and home
spons reveal some tasteml color schemes.
The weavers have taken tne scream out of
the patterns, and as a result they are most
satisfactory. C. C.
Adverse Criticism.
What flowers I had In one fair knot w#r«
bound,
And so 1 laid them on a public stall,
Wondering would any one take note at all,
Or, taking note, to praise them would pa
found,
A keen-eyed critic turned the nosegay round,
Then cried, "No true flowers, these I" and
let it fall:
"Mere weeds that grow against the church's
wall!
And what coarse thread about the stalks U
wound 1
'Tis true, I fear me, dandelions and grass
I culled, mistaking them for garden bloom.
And hall believing that they might so pass;
And now my critic has pronounced my
doom,
Half undeceived, I shall not grudge my lot,
If friends may find one true forget-me-not.
I. in the &pecta;or.
Wanted to Wash Like Father.
Fond Mother — Come and let me wash
your lace, Johnny; it is time for school.
Johnny — Shan't.
Fond Mother — Oh, you naughty boy.
Johnny commences to cry.
Fond Mother— Now come and tell me
what's the matter, Johnny ; there's a dear.
Johnny — 80-ho-ho! Wants to wash like
father.
Fond Mother — Well, so you shall. How
does lather wasli?
Johnny — Puts on lots of soap and scrapes
it off wif a knife.
Johnny had seen his lather shaving.—
Spare Moments.
He Won the Bet.
"Howdr, major! I want you to answer
a question, just to decide a little bet, you
know. Now, sir, be -o kind as to pay par
ticular attention and iliink before you
speak. Did it rain this morning? 1 '
"Why. of course it did!" said the major
much surprised.
"Exactly. Much obliged," said the in
quirer, with a relieved expression. "You
see, Judge Barker litre bei me $40 that you
couktn't tell the truth on any subject and
under any circumstances whatever, and
I took him up. Coma out and have a
drink."— Texas Sittings.
O-00-O-O-O-O-O-000-O-O
AN EXCELLENT
l\7Tlir AT Properly Prepared and
MtLAL gs^i -3U-.
THE GRILL ROOM OF THE'
ET«JB PAT ATP
Dining Apart- I dTA.l^r.r\v a Y^a
ttiont in town, —mm ' j-.i ._'„
OOOOCKXHKXKKK)COMETS. IMPORTING CHANGE OF TIME AND STATE
Dr. F. M. Close Discusses Both Comets and Astro
nomical Criticse
#rgyEVERAL hundreds of years ago I
*V^s^ her ° assemb!ed in one of the
*■■#.? European cities a number of j
.earned (?)meu before whom a certain:
practical man sought to obtain recogni- i
tion. The assemblage of important saees j
were hotly asserting the impossibility of
standing an egg upon its end. "It can't
be done, you know," they vehemently
exclaimed. But the practical man, whom
the world now honors, /stood the egg on
end. nevertheless. It is a story familiar !
to every schoolboy. I am reminded of it
just now by an effusion which appeared :
in last Tuesday's Examiner from an
astronomical critic signing himself A. H.
Baboock, and who, I take it, is an ama
teur very much like the majority of ama
teurs in that le knows a little— not
a.l. This gentleman appears to have his
repose threatened by the contemplation
of the great and terrible wrong that I am
perpetrating upon an unsuspecting and
guileless people by setting tnem to think
ing for themselves.
The distinguished astrononrcal amateur
critic says that the discovery of a second
satellite to the earth (and which 1 had the
pleasure to chronicle through the pages Of
last Sunday's Call) is a "fake." and he
misquotes a so-called ".'aw of Kepler" in
support of his cry. There are critics and
critics. To intelligently criticize, we must
1 erstand the subject we aim to speak
"\.;>jn and brine to the support of our
•areumont established opinions. To ac
complish this latter we mast read a great
. deal and remember what we read. Kepler
: • was.pne of the bright lights of astronomy
. many years ago. Considering hi means
". -of acquiring Knowledge he did some very
r remarkable work. But Kepler did not
:'. air-caver the plan of the universe. He (ell
.°. a little short of acquiringequal knowledge
/ .with the Creator. There have been nu
-■'■ merous Keplers. His "Third Law" is not
".. - as quoted by my friend, the amateur as
•;'• tronomer, but reads as follows": "The
v ... Square of the time of the revolution of
,:\; each planet is proportional to the cube of
.•'■its mean distance from the sun."
-.•■. Kepler' based his conclusions upon his
.""observations of the planet Mars, and
■". bile tie did stumble upon the recognition
''■ \ot" phenomena which appear to be general,
.°,"yet,as a matter of fact, his "Jaw" is ut
•_.," terly incapable of exact application in any
: J.,czse.' • Professor Simon Newcomb, the rep
; gastronomer of the United States
:*.;Na"yar. Observatory, is the author of sev
;i .era'i o works on 'astronomy, which are the
v." recognized text-books in our schools and
es; ° Professor Newcomb says: "It
, '. "is true that the- places of the planets were
•■..' not found to agree with observation; and
•"" a°d Kepler at his command observations
• • as. accurate as those of the present day he
■.."■ would have foknd that his laws could not
°. be made to perfectly represent the motion
• jbf".the planets." (Popular Astronomy,
N'ewcomb, 1889, pp. 71-73.) It is seen,
° 'therefore, that my astronomical-critical
• frien"4'is only an amateur, for his letter
-ishows°that he- read- no l at.bll, or else read
"■'}'. careless ry. In fact, it would fur; her seem
/ o • that, he read's but little, for in the issue of
." -the ExiusinSer * for • $Fnnday,tne day pre
,••• ling his pang of pain, .is a lengthy arti
'„• j c^e* apon the' point of difference between
,- •■br.-'Emmens, ; who is. a distinguished
•/• mathematician and scientist, and Pro
. lessor -Young, «a well-known astronomer,
. "-. i.n which T>r. Em mehs refutes the orthodox
.- cairla= that the moon rotates on its axis,
: . arid poJitely asi.*s Professor Youns to dis
."• tss the hiatter; w.th the usual result that
the orthodox astronomer declines the cor.
--.•• tFOVtsrsy and bides behind his hat.
.' ' o Tiiis statement thai, the moon revolves
[: "op ta. axis »is one of the heavenly phe
' .'..n'ooieniv that is the most difficult to dem
.." ; s'trate. • V
Kirrly astronomers saw that most of the
• heavenly bodies rotated upon their axes,
arid so it was assumed that the moon
.'.cquld ■. not be an exception. Having
s-'a*ed tne proposition t&e next thing was
to.proSre it, and that has been attempted
b.y Professor Young , (speaking for all
.Grt"fcfod;6x astronomers), who says: "The
moonforates on it^axis once a month, in
precisely the same time as that occupied
A LOS GATOS MAN INVENTS A WAVE-MOTOR
j-lervry Schomburg's Desigrx Promises to Successfully jiamess
Old OcearVs WaVes
ijr*7 T .T last it-looks as if the mighty, un
w&^l^'.ceasing power of Old Ocean's waves
» ..ceasing power of Old Ocean's waves
X^Lj'faas been successfully harnessed.
Tne index that points toward this end
is a wave motor, the invention of Henry
Bcnonfberjc of. Los Gatos, which, in a
vrorking.model, seems to have overcome
tfc? many causes of failure in »he past.
>1 ess to re marie, this is not the first
"I this great problem has apparently
bd^ea solved, but all indications are that
the "large working soon to be tested
on the coasfin the vicinity of Santa Cruz
will prove _ a success. Everybody inter
ested in it has many years' experience in
engineering and mechanical construction
|by its revolution around the earth. In |
• the long run it therefore keeps the same
i side always toward the earth." An ex- |
| tremely simple explanation of an abso- ■
! luteiy unknown cause. If my readers |
will imagine a huae rod of steel stretch- j
j in\z from the earth to the moon and j
1 firmly fixed at its ends to the two bodies
i they will have a conception of the actual !
I respective relations, position* and condi- I
■ tions of the ear'h and the moon. As the j
: moon BWung around the earth, nx**d to
the end of the long rod, ii would revolve
upon its axis just as ranch as it now does — I
n > more, no less. Yet, who would be
guilty of proposing to an intelligent man
the siatement that the moon so lixed re- j
vo.ved on its axis!
The real shape of the moon is that of a j
\ pear, not a elobe, and the larger end of j
the pear is held toward the earth by the
force of gravity with as farm and unyieid
ine a grasp as if the gravity were a solid
rod of steei fifty miles in diameter. There
are many statements nut firth under
cover of a little scientific knowledge
which are equally as absuru as this. If it
were possible for the world to forever i'or-
I get all that it knows about astronomy ,nJ
i physics and begin anew with its present
j advantages tiie intelligence of tue next
! century would be of a higher order than ;
! is Doasible under the handicap of obsolete i
I opinion that is tolerated simply because it j
j was voiced by some learned ( ?) individual j
whose means of acquiring truth were ex
tremely limited. There are two clus«es in
the world— the one ensrajred in tearing
down new structures because the archi
tecture of the new does not harmonize
with the antique, and the other class en
gaged in the erection of any structure
which promises to be at some time a tem
ple for the wor.-hip of the natural, in
which nature shall not be relegated to a
position inferior to that of her creature. I
proi>ose to keep on building, I know in a
very crude way, so long as the columns of
a creat paper of the thinkinsr people, as
The Call, permits me.
Last year I disruss r d the probibility of
a large comet "-horily maktne its appear
ance. Within the psst sixteen years three
very large comets have illumined the
skies; the one of 1880 lia'l a tail over 150,
--OGO.OOO miles long and was vi»i ble daring
the dayliglit. As to what coice:s really
are astronomers, both proles ionaJi and
amateur-*, are unable to say ; neither can
they say why tne fiery meteor courses
and lias carefully considered every point
end calculated every strain. All are 'an
guine of success and, indeed, wnen all the
points of the apparatus are considered,
failure seems impossible
The great causes of t tie failure of wave
motors in the past have bean the necessity
of locating th«sra in places where there
was a heavy sweii in order <o get enough
leverage 10 move the machinery, and tne
inadaptability of the mechanism itself to
the varying size and force of the wavis
and the rise and fall of the tide--.
In the lirst ca-.e the machinery would
nearly always work as long as the surface of
the water was just right, but when a storm
THE WAVE-MOTOR AND ITS INVENTOR.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1897.
! through space with so erratic a motion.
It is an impossibility to determine when a
comet will reappear, if at all. We can only
see them when they appear, discuss the
| probability of their exercising any influ
ence over our earth, and tlien guess as to
, tiieir return. That is all. Over 500 comets
i visible to the naked eye have been discov
! ered during our era, and to one that has
I bsen seen there have been ten that were
; visible only to telescope vision. Yet
out of thi» immense number only half a
dozen have returned, and we are not abso-
I lutely certain even about these.
To be able to speak definitely abont the
movements of any heavenly body we must
know its "elements."
In the above diagram the ellipse repre
sents the orbit of a heavenly body. Cis
the center and S the sun. Now to tell
whether a comet, or any other celestial
object, will again appear to us we must
know the size and shape of its orbit, and
to know this we must first learn the mean
distance, or half the longer axis, A P of
the ellipse, in which the body moves
around tbe v sun S. Second, the eccen
tricity, or tne ratio of the distance C S
between the center C and focus S to the
mean distance; third, ihe longitude of
the ascending node; fourth, the inclina
ton of tne plane of the ecliptic; fifth,
the ioiigitud* oHhe perihelion, or point of
ihe orbit nearest to the sun, and s.xth,
the exact time nt which the body passes
this last point. Only in the case of two
or three small comets of short periods
liave these data been attainable. All proph
ecies of the return of comets a:e there ore
only guesswork. Some very Interesting
phenomena have been observed In connec
tion with comet*. The one Known as
Biela'a aroused a great deal of sj/ecuiative
thought. This comet had been in the
habit of reappearing about every six years.
It was <iue to appear in 1872, but failed to
materialize. Instead, there was a very
rich shower of meteors through which the
eaiih passed NuV -mber 27 and 3), 1*72.
Back of Ibis, in 184<J, the comet had been
«e--n In ail its glory, but in September,
It was shorn of its splendor, and in
stead of one cornet there seemed to be two
pieces. The comet hod split. The study
of comets has always had a very fascinat
ing power over amateur astronomers.
\\'<-\ -seasoned astronomers are extremely
coy in dr.bbline with the question of
cometarv origin and movement. The ex
perienced star sharp knows full well that
the speed and ilirertion of quite a number
of comet* have been studied carefully and
partial .success attained in computing the
times of their probable return, but it has
always been found that something has in
terfered to negative the result. The comet ,
I came up— well, the apparatus coald gen
! eraliy be found scattered on the beach
| shortly afterward. In the second case the
j apparatus worked as long ns the tide was
j at the proper height and itie waves rose
| and fell just so. But even the slightest
I deviation ruined its efficiency and rendered
! it worthless the greater part of the time.
There were also a number of minor
! difficulties peculiar to each machine. If
i they had such and such circumstances
I they would work; if they didn't, they
i would not. Until the present time, as
| everybody knows, none of them have
; worted.
In Mr. Schomfeerg's motor it seems as
did not keep its engagement The one of
1552 was said to have a period of 129 year*.
It did return in 166 i, but was absent in
1790. No more ferti.e iield for speculation
is presented to the thought of men than is
offered by the comet. The coln 3sa l tail of
the comet in 18H0. 150,000,000 miles in
length, swept around tha sun in a few
minutes.
Think of tlie enormous velocity and en
deavor to imacine what kind of a fore It
was that swayed that mighty object. No
known law of nature can explain the sud
den shift of position. Evidently we do
not know all the laws of nature, not even
if we happen to be an astronomer. It
would appear thai throughout all the vast
universe exists a something — call it force
if you will — that comprehends all other
forces and that passes from measurable
energy to intangibility, only to manifest
Use f again as recoenizabie energy when
the conditions for such metamorphosis ob
tain. Some forces of nature lie dormant
until they are Drought into contact with
other forces, and then when the combina
tion occurs the resultant energy is of
changed form. That there must be a
something of this character is the only
solution which satisfies the reasoning
mind. Somo day it may be that our in
telligence will comprehend it, but at the
present it does not.
0:;e of the recognized laws of astronomi
cal physics is that every ste.lar body ex
erts some influence, great or small, upon
every other steilar body. They all attract
one another. They all shed their light
upon one another. The sun is popularly
supposed to diffuse heat among the mem
bers of his system. Recently the idea is
gaining ground that each body exerts an
electrical or magnetic influence upon all
other bod es. What influence do the
comets exert? Does the fact of their pres
ence affect our climate ? The first recorded
appearauce of Haliey's comet in ICQ"> was
marked by a gnat famine in Europe; its
appearance in 11")") was accompanied by
excessive cold a:ii crop failure-; that of
1230 by the inundation of Germany; 1304.
1 intense cold and drought; 1880, awful
> pestilence: 14.30, inundations and enrth
| quakes; 1581, great flood*; 1607, Intense
cold and droughts; 1682, tl>o;is and great
earthquake; 17">0, variable weather and
gr_>at earthquake in Bgjpt.
This comet is duo to reappear in 1910,
and a numerous army of prophets has
arisen to predict cataclysms and mm r
; calamities during the tir-t ten years of the
roniinz century. It is not only possible,
but very probable, that the earth passes
through the envelopes of comets: through
the gaseous portions of these wanderers.
It is believed by most scientists that the
earth passed tbroa&h Biela's comet in
October, 1871, at which time occurred the
awful conflagrations in the Northwestern
Sta:e«. devastating thousands of square
miles of territory. The survivors of the
terrible tires in Minnesota testify that the
flames would suddenly, without warning,
burst forth in the thick timber, apparently
coming from the sky. The great tire at
Chicago, whero buildings of stone an-i
iron burned like tinJer, occurred at this
time. Did it happen that the caseous en
velope of Biela's comet was hydrogen and
thai it became mingled with the earth's
atmosphere? Who know*?
F. M. Close, D. Sc.
A newborn infant sometimes doubles its
birth weight in seven days.
if all difficulties have been overcome. Tre
possibility of its being wasi.ed away by a
s'orni his been reduced to a minimum,
because it will work at its full efficiency
on a I'2-inch w:iV3 and can consequently
be Ltiilt in a sheltereu place, possibly be
hind a reef out of reach of the heavy
swells. It will automatically adjust itseli
to the size of the waves and the rise and
fall of the tide, with no change in its de
velopment of power.
Mr. ischomberg h;)s a working model of
his apparatus nt 3647 Twentieth street, in
this City, that gives a good iaea of what
the completed motor will look like. It is
simplicity it?elf. In the first place there
is a wharf built of piling, with a platform
on the top. Between a certain set of the
pllea there is a float shaped like a square
fiatboat, that rests on the surface of the
w.'vt* r and rises and falls with the waves
and tide. It is this motion that has been
utilized to develop power.
Attached by a toggle- joint to the center
of the float is a ratchet bar that reaches
upward, when the float is at its lowest
point, a short distance above the platform,
and when the float is at its highest far
into the nir. It is perfectly natural that
the float swinging on the wave tops will
rise and fall a different distance with each
swell. In overcoming this lies the point
of Mr. Schomberg's invention.
The power developed by the rise and
fall of the float is converted into com
pressed air by moans of an ordinary air
pump. But instead of communicating the
power directly from the float to tne piston
the ratchfit bar is made to engage a lever
having its fulcrum at one end and the
other on the ronnecting rod. Tiie ratchet
Dar works midway between the fulcrum
and the connecting roil, so that when it
rises or falls one foot the piston is moved
two feet. Of course this makos a loss of
power, but that is easily compensated for
by making the float larger.
. If the waves always rose and fell just
one foot there would be no need of any
mechanical contrivance to make the ]>isu>u
give a continuous two-foot stroke. Bat
they do not always do that. In case the
waves rose two feet it would be necessary
to have a four-foot cylinder in order to
accommodate the stroke of the ratcuet
bar.
This point Mr. Schomberg has overcome
by controlling a dog that works in the
ratchet bar. When the ratchet bar has
risen one foot and driven the piston its
full two feet, the dog is automatically re
leased, allowing the ratchet bar to ascend
lively through the lever. The distance it
rises is of no importance. It may be two
feet or it may be two inches.
A. H. Babcock Indulges in Some Speculation
Regarding a Recent Discovery
I'iN THE number just issued of the pnb
■ij lications of the Astronomical Society
ms> of the Pacific will be found the in
teresting announcement that the prelimi
nary orbit computed for the last comet
discovered at Lick Observatory by Mr.
Perrine indicates the possibility that it is
identical with Biela's lost comet ot 1852.
Comets are not identifiable by any study
of their visible features, because their ap
pearance may and often does change with
great rapidity. They do possess distinc
tive earmarks in the shape, size and posi
tion of their orbits, with reference to the
earth's orbit.
When a comet is discovered observations
are made for three nights and a prelimi
nary orbit computed. Then the cata
logues of preceding comets are examined
to see whether or not anyprevious orbit was
approximately the same .as the one com-^
puted. Few, if any. comatary orbits are'
exactly in the plane of the earth's orbit,
but are more or less inclined to it. The
angle of inclination as well as the location
of the intersection of the plane of the
comet's orbit with the plane of the earth's
orbu are two elements to be considered in
a comparison of this kind. When these
two quantities correspond closely, and
when combined with this the comet's dis
tance from the sun at the point of nearest
approach and the location cf tnis point
are within certain limits, it is probable that
the two comets are identical. The pre-
J liminary orbits will not settle the ques*
I tion, but a more exact one, based on a
] lar-:e number of observations and extend
ing ovßr a greater period of time, must be
computed.
Biela's comet of 1852 has a remarkable
history. It was discovered in 182G by the
man whose name it bears, and who was an
i Austrian officer. Gambart investigated
its orbit and announced it to be a periodic
comet of short period, the second one of
tnis kind f o be discovered. It wr.s found
that it hud been observed on two previous
approaches to the sun, in 1772 and in 1803.
Damoiseau calculated its orbit, predicted
its return in 1832, and even went so far as
to state that on October 29 of that year the
two paths, the comet-, and the earth'?,
would cross and the earth would not bo
very far away. There wero sensational
journals even at this early date, and mucli
popular apprehension was created, especi
ally among the peusantry of the south of
France. The scare proved groundless, for
the earth was 50,000,000 miles away on the
I predicted day, and they were never less
i than 15,000.000 miles apart- It was not
visible at its next return owing to its ap
proaching the sun from a direction in the
heavens opposite to that occupied by t c
earth, but in November, 181'j, it again be
came visible, and presented the usual ap
pearance. Three weeks later it began to
elongate and finally in about two weeks
more it divided and became double. Both
parts were very bright, but not equally so,
and when one increased in brightness the
other diminished. Part of the time they
were connected by a faint band of light.
They traveled together, about 160,000 miles
apart, until they disappeared beyond the
reach of telescopes.
As the tide falls the ratchet bar descends
of its own weight, slipping past the doc
when the lever is at the end of the down
stroke. It will be thus seen that no mat
ter how erratic or irregular the rise and
fall of the waves the piston will always
give the same length of stroke in the cyl
inder. It will be pushed "home" witn
every stroke and so compress the air to
the greatest density.
The handling of the compressed air is of
course no part of the wave motor. The
air is forced from the pump into a tank
where it is stored until needed. From the
tank it is only necessary to connect an or
dinary steam pipe with an ordinary -team
engine and the proper valves to be ready
to uevelop pjwer. 13y opening the valve
in the usual way the compressed air passes
into the engine the same as steam and
causes it to revolve. It has b?en conceded
that air is better for this purpose, as tnere
is no waste, no matter how far it is car
ried in the pipes from tank to engine.
Change of temperature also has no effect
on iv
Mr. Schombere has put his working
model to ev*ry possible te*t. He has tried
it in the bay at North Beach and it worked
perfectly, even when iarge waves came in
and washed all over it. The piston gave
about thirty strokes a minute and de
veloped enough power to continuously
run a small steam engine.
The mechanical parts of the larg9 ap
paratus that is to be built near Santa
Cruz are now being made at the Union
Iron Works. There will be several tons of
iron and brass In it and several receiving
tanks for the compressed air. According
to the most careful calculations this ap
paratus should develop been 50 and 63
horsepower. In case it is successful a
number of them will be built at different
points along the coast.
The SWeet, Sad Years.
The sweet, sad years, the sun, the rain,
Alas! too quickly did they wane,
For each some boon, some blessing bore;
Of smiles and tears each had its store,
Its checkered lot of biiss and pain.
Although it idle be and vain.
Yet cannot I the wish restrain
That 1 liad held them evermore —
The sweet, sad years!
Like echo of an old refrain
That long within the mind has lain,
I keep repeating o'er and o'er
'•Niithiuit CRn e'er the past restore,
Nothing bring back the year* again"—
The sweet, sad years!
Canon Bell, in Leisure Hour.
In 1852 they were seen again aud pre
sented much the usual appearance, ex
cept that their distance apart had in
creased to 1,500,000 miles. They were due
again in 1850 and in 1865, but were not re
i discovered until 1872. wiien they appeared,
| this time in even a more remarkable
manner.
It had long been held by astronomers
that meteors are the remains of old,
broken-up comets whose particles have
been scattered along the former orbit.
Schiaparelli announced it a3 a fact about
18G7, but a part of his theory was laid by
for future confirmation. When Biela's
comet divided in December, 1846, it was
! looked upon as the bezinning ot the end
iso far as this comet wa-j concerned. Ac
| cordingly its non-appearance in 1859 and
1835 was considered as continuing the
theory of its destruction, and further
evidence was furnished in 1872, when the
predicted time of its return came and
went and no comet. Finally, on Novem
i ber 27 of that year, the theory was driven
■ home and clinched by the appearance of a
j most brilliant meteoric display on the day
when the earth in its revolution around
the sun passed the intersection of the oid
comet orbit As many as 33 000 were
j counted at one observatory in six and a
j half hours, and it was by far the most
| striking exhibition of the kind which had
occurred since 1833.
Dr. Klinkerfuea of Gottingen argued
that if the shower were due to particles
from the comet, and there was much evi
dence in favor of this view, the greater
part of ihe remains, or possibly one of the
twins, would be found in the opposite
quarter of the heavens from whicu the
meteors appeared to come. This point
opposite the meteor radiant was too far
south to be visible in his latitude, so he
cabled to the observatory at Madras,
Southern India: "Biela touched earth on
27th; search near Tneta Centauri." Bad
weather prevented a search for two morn
ings, but on the third a comet was found
near the position indicated and only one
was to be seen.
It was ob served for two mornings and
then cloudy weather prevailed aeain.
Two obiervaiions will not determine an
orbit, so that it has not been proven that
this really was the lost comet. Since 1872
it haj not been observed, unless it proves
to be identical witn the comet of 1596
A NOVEL WHEEL FOR TOURISTS
Jhe "Omega," IrWented by William de Witt
of Santa Barbara
William de Witt of Santa Barbara, a
woodcarver and inventor, has studied up
and put together a wheel which be holds
is an improvement on any of the cycle j
family yet turned out to skim the road- j
As he has not yet patented his machine
he refrains from making public the de
tails of bia invention, but states that with
a model which he has constructed he can
attain greater speed at less outlay of pro
pulsion power with it than with an ordi
nary bicycle.
The Omega, as he calls it, Las two 1
large wheels of any diameter chosen run- i
ning side by side, about two feet apart,
with a small steering wheel in front; also ,
with a small wheel behind it. By a pc- ,
culiar device, not yet made known, the I
rear wheel also acts as a brake, which can I
be operated by a slight. change of position
on the pan of the iider.
One of the large wheels revolves on ball- j
bearings, like the bicycle, and its mate re- I
volves with its axle, consequently rower j
need only be applied to one wheel, the in- [
(Perrine), as it will then be known.
The meteors ob*erved in November.lß72,
have become scattered further aiong the
old orbit and are observed annually with
more or less recularity. They are known
as Bielids from iheir orgin, or more com
monly as Andromedes, their radiant point
being near Gamma Andromedse The
main sroup is encountered about every
thirteen years on November 27 or 28.
They are rather slow in their movement-,
because they overtake the earth instead of
meeting it almost directly, &i do the swift
L'onius; are red in color and usually
leave small trains. A. H. Babcock.
The Pariahs of India.
Tbere is one native East Indian in this
city who was much stirred by the accounts
of India's great famine in the San la^t
Sunday. He is Deva Sundrum, a major
in the Salvation Army. While he is more
interested in saving the souls of his fellow
countrymen than anything else, he real
izes very well that this cannot be dona
unless iheir bodies are fairly comfortable.
"In South India," he said, "I walked
3513 miles, pioneering lifiy-six districts,
visitincr 884 villages and 30.t>39 houses.
In Malayalam, North Travancore, JL
walked 4095 miles. Here I pioneered
twelve districts and visited H531 villages
and 34,71)6 houses. All the people with
whom 1 came in contact on these journeys
were pariahs — that is, the very lowest
caste people. Poor pariahs! They are all
the slaves of the high caste people. To
give an idea of how densely the country is
populated with these unfortunate beinss
there are in Madras Presidency alone
5.1«2,0ti6.
"Ttie hoa3ea of the pariahs are never
more than twelve feet square, and tha
sufferings of these people during the
rainy reason and in famine are inde
scribable. They have no homes. They
keep wandering from place to place by
day trying to secure food, and when night
comes they drop down where darkness
overtakes them. Their main diet is a
' scant one of root?. In South India there
are fully 2,500,000 people who do not know
what it is 10 have a single satisfactory
meal from one year's end to another.
Along with the periodical famine comes
cholera. Those weakened by want of
food quickly fall victims to the disease,
and thousands die off every year. When
the plague does break out the Government
sometimes sends along a special medical
officer to carry relief to the pariahs, but ha
is always a high caste, who, instead of
vißiting the cholera-s'.rioken low caste,
contines himself to visiting those in his
own caste. The result is that the pariahs
are simply swept off the face of the earth.
"Pariahs are always expected to peep at
the respectable distance of ninety feet
from the high-caste people. Indeed, the
public roads are never opened in the vil
lage, since they are only for the use of the
high caste. In certain parts of the coun
try there are special footpaths alongside
all tne main roads. It a pariah should
dare leave these to trespass on the main
road, he would run the risk of losing hi*
life. Oftentimes when the poor creatures
see a high caste approaching on the main
road, he leaves the path, and, hiding far
away under a bush', keeps exclaiming over
and over agnin in a mournful voice, as tha
man passes: 'Master, master, master.'
"When in need of money a pariah goes
to his master and sets a loan amounting
to $5 in American money. But he doe 3
not get this until a bond is signed by the
pariah, in which he signifies his willing
ness to give himaelf to the service of the
high caste for Hie. India is" perishing,
dying. The Government is not able to
cope with the situation. The sanitary
condition of the native quarters tend to
spread the plague, but the pariahs do not
believe this; they think it a visitation
from their godi. The Salvation Army 13
one of the hopes ot my country. If wo
can win the millions away from their
idols and temples they can be taught the
be neht of cleanliness, for then and not
: until tlien will they learn that their gods
! liave no control over famine and disease." —
1 Xew York Sun.
ventor claiming that by this contrivance
the force necessary to drive the machine
may be lessened about one-half.
This cycle may be built for one or two
■ persons and the great wheels may be of
any diameter, from three to six feet if de
sired.
Any amount of lusrsage may be loaded
on t tie machine, making it convenient for
tour-sts, hunters or any persons desiring
to carry a complete camping oufit with,
I thero.
Mr. de Witt claims that the "Omega"
| will cover by easy work one mile with 150
power motions, or about twenty miles an
.hour on a good country road. If neces
| sary for a burst of speed or climbing a.
I hill, both iidera can drive tlie machine,
I one by hand and the other by foot power.
It can be brought to a standstill on any
S grade and, being somewhat like a tri
! cycle, stands upright when stationary.
Tne skeich accompanying this article
| was iurnished by the inventor to Th«
I Call. He has spent over two years work-
I ing upon his machine.
THE "OMEGA."
2526
IN CHILDHOOD'S REALM
JT\fj Thought fob the Coming Week—
>i*\% ' 'That life's real heroes and heroines
jl^Lj are those who bear their own bur
dens bravely and give a helping hand to
those around them."
I'\ STJPPOSE many of you are wondering
s i why I have not been saying much
_£■ lately about that motto and bad^e.
Now, my dears, I haven't forjotten these
important things. , Oh, no. Why, I have
had my thinking-cap drawn tight over the
top of my head a great many times during
the week in their honor and it will not be
■ long-before I decide just what they shall
be.
So please be patient with me and you
will not be sorry.
You know we must be very careful and
■ in -ike a wise choice, for the C. R. 0. is the
only club of its kind on the coast and we
are no.t selecting a badge for the present
members alone, but for all the boys and
girls in the future who will read and en
joy Childhood's Realm.
Of course we expect and hope our mem
bership to increase until hundreds of chil
dren's names are enrolled on the books of
the C. R. C.
How would you like a roll of honor, to
be published on the last Sunday of the
year, giving the names of those who had
worked most faithfully lor our page?
Let me know if you. like the idea.
Now a word to the newsboys of this
great.City, where our paper has its home.
Will not some of you during this com
ing week s?nd letters to our box telling us
about your life and your sports, what you
read and how you spend your money.
I am sure all our country members would
be perfectly delighted to have yon do so,
and in a short time you will rind your
selves corresponding with some bright
country boys, who will tell you lots of
'interesting things about farm life that you
never knew before.
Do not be afraid your writing is too
poor. I have had lots of experience and
can read almost any writing save Chinese.
Remember, however, to wrke on only
one side of your paper.
Tale of Japan.
Here's a song, a happy song,
That jingles with a rhyme,
A simple taie that cannot fail
To please you for a time.
'Tis all about two little folks
Who lived in queer Japan —
A Ty-Foo princess told it me
Behind a tinsel fan.
It chanced that out from Tokio
There rode two little tykes
All dressed in green and yellow clothes
And mounted on their bikes.
Now, as they crossed the land of tea,
The folks from left and right
All left their work and followed them,
To view so strange a sight.
From every house and field they passed
Still more took up the pace,
With fluttering fans and flying feet,
In one long breathless race.
. So .on around the land they sped,
Until at fall of night,
The last of those who ran behind
Came plainly into sight.
So all the people in Japan
In one wide circle met,
And as it seems that no one stopped
They must be running yet.
WALDRON W. ANDERSON.
Schoolhouse or Boy?
I have been thinking for some time of
writing to the boys and girls of The Call
ahuut a queer little schoolhouse among
our mountains.
The most of you who live in towns and
cities are used to roomy and often elegant
houses, with the most comfortable desks
-Poor little Elsie was lying in her bed,
white and feeble. She had been shut in
this room lor many days now, and with
returning health she longed to leave it
and sec something of the world outside.
When she had cone to bed everything was
dull and flowerless. To-day, propped up
by pillows, she saw a beautiful green
branch barring the window, literally
covered with bright pink roses. They
seemed to smile in at her. Soon she had
to lie down again. It was getting to be so
monotonous, this lying here with nothing
to do. She lay very quietly for a few mo
ments. Then her Aunt Mabel was startled
by a cry: "Oh! oh! Look, Aunt Mabel."
Aunt Mabel rose hurriedly. "W r hat is
it, dear?" she asked, coming to the little
girl's side. "I can see nothing but r few
flies."
"Yes; but do you see what they are
doing?" went on the eager voice.
"No, dear; I do not," smilingly an
owered her aunt. "There, I have fright
ened them away. But what were they
doing? ;1
"Eating," was tbe reply. "Please get
the candy for me aud tbeu jou watch
that can be designed and all sorts of books
and apparatus to help you along the road
of learning. You would, I shouldn't
wonder, turn up your nice little noses at
the idea of entering such a queer little
shanty as the one I tell you about.
But I hope you will be polite and keep
them straight.
It stands on a broad flat which is en
tirely surrounded dy hills; a dry plain
with no Irrigating ditches, but green now
with the soft new g r ass of early sprinp.
The nearer hills are low, covered with
sandstone rocks and scrubby pines and
junipers. Back of them the tall moun-
tains rise high and higher, until their
tops are crowned with everlasting snow.
Across the flat four miles away is the
railroad and a town, where rises a brick
schoolhouse with a bell, but that is not
the one I mean. It is on one side of the
flat close to some of the little rocky hills,
and it is so Muall and low you might skip
it with your eye like a very small comma
with its tail rubbed out.
Imagine a little cabin about thirty feet
square made of rough pine boards. It has
four windows and a door at each ena.
There is no ceiling, and there are so many
cracks and crannies that little birds rly in
and then fly out. It is not plastered.
Bits of shingle are nailed over cracks in
the side, and then newspapers are pasted
on. The desks are heavy, all wocd and
second hand. I cannot teil you how old
they are, but I «-at in one of them twenty
years ago in another school, and they
were not new then. The teacher has a
table and a chair, and there is a bench for
the pail and basin and a etov. How is
that for a well-furnished room?
Twelve children go there every day, big
children and little, with boons just like
those you have, and if you think they do
not study, just you come anil peep through
a crack and watch them.
These twelve pupils never thine their
school is dingy, or that they need any
pity. Nor do I. One small man in the
Revised Second Reader expressed my sen
timents exactly when he said: "I can pet
as many perfect marks in this house as in
any, can't I, Miss M.? '
When the weather is fine, the children
climb the hill at recess and bring back all
sorts of leaves and moss to trim the house ;
and when it storms, the little ones spread
a bug2V-robe on the Boor in one corner
and piny softly while their older brothers
and sisters linish their long problems in
the advanced arithmeiic.
Nearly every year one pupil goes from
the queer little house to the elegant High
School in the town, and the professors
there say they are among their best pupils.
So I think they learn as much in the old
house us you do in your new ones.
Don'tyou think it is the boy that counts
more than the house? I do not believe
any house could make tbe little head
bending closely over the little readsr any
busier or wiser or better. And I think it
is all girl and not a bit house that makes
the "big class" dig so hard over profu and
lcs«.
They are very independent, because
when they need things they go right to
work and make them. They h.ive home
made checker-boards, balls, bats, scrap
books, money, stamps and all sorts of
things. And they can choose sides and
play a same o! ball that would make you
wink. Nor is there a bird or animal on
the flat they cannot tell you more about
than you can learn in a dozen books.
Altogether they are an active, hardy little
bund, and their vertical writing is the
pride of the teacher's heart.
1 do not mean that a nice house and
everything to work wi.h are not pleasant,
but I do think they ar* far less important
than nice boys and good determination to
work with.
Work is the only thing that lasts.
When the little man that gets perfect
marks grows to be a big man he may
stand side by side with a man who studied
in a palace, and who will oare a straw
about it? The question will be, not
"What kind of a house was it?" but
"W at kind ot a man is he?" Don't you
think- so? Olive Heyden.
WATCHING FLIES.
them. Perhaps they won't come back,
though," she added ruefully.
Aunt Mabel brought the candy and
Ebie put it on an envelope that was lying
beside her. Not big pieces, but tiny
piece«, smaller than a pinhead. Then
they watched.
"£ee!" cried Elsie delightedly. A fly
was walking very excitedly about. "Now
another has joined it, and still another.
Can they see?" Aunt Mabel wondered
aloud. -'They have almost touched it so
many times, and act as if they are hunting
for it, too."
Others were flying about over the en
velope, seeming not to know just what to
do in order to tind the sweet.
"Ah ! ' cried Elsie softly. "One of them
has found a piece at last. He walked
right over it and tnen somehow his little
leg touched it, and see his tongue ! Is it a
tongue. Aunt Mabel? "
Aunt Mabel smiled.
"I don't know anything about the little
creature, Elsie," she said.
There ihe little thing stood as if sucking
the sweetness from the bit of candy.
"He picks it up in his forelegs as a cat
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1897.
holds a ball and there ho holds it." They
I wjitchtd the creature witli great interest.
•Here comes another iittle fellow to help
him eat. Now we shall see some fun."
Fly number two came very near, then
out flew number one's 'oreleg, as you
would raise 11 hand to push away litue
brother if he wanted something and you
were feeling cross, dumber two raised his
hand, too, as we will call it, and there they
quarreled, to Elsie's deli. ht.
"His long tongue is fastened in one end
of t he coveted piece and eaca clings tightly
to it, while their hands are trying to push
each other away," Aunt Mabel informs
mamma, who has entered and is looking
on with an amused smile. "See, Annie, it
is very interesting to watch them, al
though I would not have thought of
it. They are holding it in tho air
now, as if they are trying to pull it
away from each other. "And here comes
N", 3," Elsie exclaims. "They are both
fighting him, It JooKs as if they are all
slapping one another like naughty chil
dren. J ust see all of those little legs going
at once!'
"Elsie, you are too noisy. You fright
ened them and they have dropped the
candy," Aunt Mabel said, laughing
heartily at the disturbance created by the
"THERE! NOW YOU'VE DONE IT."
loss, for the sweet stuff had rolled on the
coverlet.
"It serves them just right forbeir-so
selfish, doesn't it?" asked Elsie. "Eight
een of those tiny legs moving around at
once look funny, doesn't it?"
"Two questions," langhed mamma.
"You are getting me interested in spite of
myself; bat it trie* my eyes to watch
them, so I will just listen to you."
There the eighteen thread-like legs were
moving all over the paper, as if hunting
for the lost treasure.
"Why don't they look off the en-
velone?" exclaimed Elsie, indignantly.
"Now they are getting angry. Number
one seems to think that the others have
hidden it and he is trying to find it."
"No. 2is getting angry also, 1 ' remarked
Aunt Mabel. "See, lie flies here and
there, as if in quite a passion."
"And every time lie passes the others he
gives tlicm a cuff," added Elsie.
"A ciff ?" repeated mamma, looking
incredulous.
"Yes, a cuff," answered Elsie positively
"When he gets near them his hand tlies
out just like ours would, and ha gives
them a cuff."
The ilies soon grew discouraged and
spreading their wings flew away. Only
No. 1 was left, and then the interested
watchers saw something very cute. Have
you ever seen v cat wash her face?
"Well, fiies do much the same. But in
stead of using the hands they press the
whole long leg or arm into service. The
arras meet above his head and he clasps
and unclasps his hands as we do. Then he
rubs them down over his head until he is
satisfied wltb hands and face. Now, Mr.
Fly washes his body with his hind legs.
First he lifts his wings and brings hie hind
legs down over his body a few times be
fore wringing them as he did his hands,
and then he washes over his wings. After
washing the legs again he is done. I have
told you just what Elsie saw that day and
what you may see if you watch these tiny
creatures who act so much like ourselves.
It is now some months since Elsie
watched the flies and she Is quite well,
but she never sees a fly without experi
encing again the Interest that sue felt that
day in the little creature.
Alice L. Melville,
1314 Fifth avenue. East Oakland, Cal.
Freddy had been repeatedly told that
he must not ask people for money. One
day he met Mr. Williams, who could
never re-ist an ai peal from the small boy.
"Mr. Wiliiams," said Freddy, "do you
give 5 cenises to little boys what don't
ask for 'em ?"
He got the money.
NOTICE!
C. R. C. stands for Childhood's Realm
Club. In order to become a member an
original story, puzzle or rhyme contrib
uted by you must appear on the Children's
Page of The Sunday call.
Tim's Grace.
When Baby Tim, who's very small,
Says grace for me, and Nurse, and Paul,
He asks the Lord to make us all
"Ter-.ooly lankful."
And if we laugh til! we are red,
Nurse strokes las sandy-colored head,
And loves him more because lie said
"Ter-looly faukful."
For when he's older, Nursie says,
And grown from all his pretty ways,
Bhe'U often miss his tunny phrase.
"Ter-looly faukful."
—Norman Gale in Songs for Little People.
Fagin's Kitchen.
It will, perhaps, interest every boy who
has read "Oliver Twist" to know that at
the bottom of Great Saffron Hill, in what
was once one of the most hiueous and
dangerous slum* of London, still exists
the reiic of Fagin's kitchen. It is a part
of a dirty and ruinous old tenement ex
actly coinciding with the famous den to
which tne Artful Dodger led Oliver Twist
as a new r>al for v first visit from "Green
laud." The den has several ominous.
looking staircases leading into dark and
ill-«melling passares and plenty of cup
board-room, well available for thieves'
booty. From the outhouses any of the
lißht-nneeretf gentry could easily Lave
dropped into the street, while the nd jncent
house, recently condemned by the Lon
don County Council, was easiiy accessible.
The last-named tenement, formerly a
haunt of vagrants, wi h all the conveni
ences of a thieves' kitchen, had associa
tions of the worst kind, and has not a bit
too soon come under the ban of the Lon
don Parliament. Fagin was a real charac
ter, by name Isaac Touch, who, on being
raided by the police, was found to possess
a peck measure of watches. He had the
name of being a confederate in even worse
crimes than trnining young thieves and
buying stolen property.
Pharity.
It was In the old school building, just three
floors from the ground,
A bitter cold day. ami most of the boys the
stove were gathered round.
Yes, It was cold, and no mistake, every stove
in the place was going.
And every one thought it was colder when
home one said it was snowing.
"Well," said a careless fellow, "we all to our
lunches will stay,
So who cares if it snows six feet, like it did
last winter one day." '
"Oh," said a good little boy, "we for ourselves
donotcaro, ■
But just think of ell the poor people who have
no warm clothes to wear.*'
"You're right," said another fellow, a big,
good-natured lad, ■
"To think of ourselves alone," said he, "I
think is very bad.
There's many a family, poor, hungry and cold,
out In this storm 10-dMV,
And what I propose Is to get up a club to help
them along in some way."
"That is a good idea, Frank, and It ought to be
pushed iilong;
If you get up an entertainment I'll volunteer
to Ring a song."
It is needless now for mo to tell that the entire
plan was a success,
And how the. boys, with the money earned,
helped many who were in distress. ,
But, my little feminine friends, please do not
loot so concerned,
Because there wore girls who helped to get
. some of the money earned.
And now; school children, boys and girls,
when Jack Frost is nbont,
You get up clubs and try to see if you can't
. help the poor folks out. ,
C. St. C. Cleveland.
Afraid of the Dog.
"Papa, are all thee Cuban insurgents
who come here crazy?''
"Gracious, child, no 1 Why do you ask ?"
"Weil, the papers always say they seek
an asylum in this country."
THE LETTER BOX
Pan Francisco. Cal., Feb. 9, 1897.
Dear Edihess and Readtrt of the Childhoo'f s
Realm: 1 have of leu wished that I might be*
long to the C R. C. very mnch, and now that I
have the opportunity of doing so I shall take
it.
I wrote a letter to The Call once before and
my letter was published, and ever since then I
have been intending to write again ana have
just got around to it. sinctrely hoping that it
will escape the wastebasket.
Pupa has taken The Call for a great many
years and likes it very much. As soon as I see
the Sunday paper I go for the second sheet,
which I know always has the pago for children
in it. I read everything on the page and try
to solve the puzzles, bu t do not always succeed.
I have had the measles recently ana have been
unable to read the page, but most of it was
read to me, but you know that never comes up
to reading it yourseif, does it?
I enjoy the letters of Retha Waldan, Era
Navone, Clinton Harrington, Maud Mallorv
and Max Sellg so much. It stems just as if
they were my personal friends, though I have
never seen any of them. By the way, I have
Bi-i/n nothing ironi Max Selig for quite a while.
i wonder why he doea not write!
I send In some pu/.z.es, which you may see
at a glance are selected, and hope you will
print them in next Sunday's paper (February
'Jl). With a greeting to the 0. R. C, 1 remain,
Jennie Hills.
Petalu.ma, Feb. 14, 1897.
Dear F.dilor: This is my second letter to The
Call. 1 didn't see the other in print, so I
thought I would write again, as I had time. 1
live with a lady in llicV Valley. A creek
passes right in front o. the house. One day
th« lady ard I went fishing. We didn't see
any salmon, but we saw a dear little lame lark
in the water. Wo scut the dog in the water to !
catch it. The dog caught the little thing and
ran home and ate it up. Seven little puppies
came to that dog the other day, and she is very
bappr. Your friend, Olympia Lafranchi.
San 1 -"kan-cisco, Feb. 7, 1897.
Pfar Editor: lam 8 years old. A year ago
I came from Philadelphia all alone. The
ladles o:i iho train were very kind to me. I
had a birthdny February 4. 1897. We played
games and danced; then had all the icecream
we wanted. Your lriend, Flossie Orr.
Petrolia, Cal., Feb. 12, 1897.
Dear Editor: I am a little girl 8 years old and
will be 9 the 21st of July. This is my first let
ter to The Call. My father keeps a store and
has taken The I>ajly Call fos a long time. I
go to the public school and my teacher's name
la Miss Camming*. It is vacation, but school
leginsthe first day of next month and I am
glad. For a pet I have a black kitten. 1 got a
whole lot of things Christmas and one of them
was a lovely doll. I enjoy reading the
children's page very much. I wish to become
a member of the C. K. C. I have a sist r «
yeurs old and a broiher 4 years old. Papa
gives all three of us 5 cents a week ior keeping j
the woodbox fLled. lam afraid that my letter
is getting too long. Your new friend,
Florine Hart.
La Jolla, Cal., Feb. 8. 1897.
Dtar Editor : You were kind enough to pub
lish a letter I wrote to Childhood's Realm
while at home in Oregon lust summer, so 1 am
encouraged to send another one.
Mamma and 1 arc spending this winter in
Southern California for our health, and just
now are passing a week with friends at La
Jolla, a beautiful little piace situated about
sixteen miles from San L>iego, right on the
Pacific Ocean.
It is grand to watch the mighty breakers
come rolling in on the beach, and when the
sun shines one can see rainbows in the spray.
The Spanish name. "La Jolla" (pronounced
La Hoya). means "'The Gem," and it is very
suitable, too. There are some beautiful caves
here, and ihc cliffs are worn by the waves into
many fantastic and wonderful shapes. One
larpe hollow rock looks like un old church,
and is culled "Cathedral Rock." Mamma took
my picture at the further end of the opening,
with the sea for a background. One place on
the cliffs is called Goldfish Point, and yon can
look down into th«j clear water and see dozens
of these bright fish swimming about.
A few days ago we visited tne famous aba
lone beds. It is such fuu to turn the rocks
over and find the little creatures clinging to
them. One has to be very quick nbout captur
ing them or they will crawl off. We also found
many pretty varieties of shells, s-a moss and
starfish, wnich we will take home for our
cabinet. Hoping my letter is not too long, I
remain your loving reader,
(11 years old.) BIUTUU Pengstackex.
Pan Francisco, Februnry, 1897.
Dtar Editor: 1 was so surprised at seeing
my letter published that 1 thought I would
write another. I think I will tell you this
time of my home. It is a small cottage situ
ated on the slope of a hill surrounded by
banks of green grass. In front of the cottage
is a running rosebush which shades ',he house
in summer. I have many plants and flowers
hanging on the porch. About three steps
down I have a little garden patch in which I
have planted many kinds of pretty flower
seeas. I hope they will be up by next month.
I also have r little water-fountain by which
all the creeping vines are sprinkled with
moisture.
We have a fine view, being able 1o see from
Golden Gate to the Maritet-street ferry, and on
a very clear day our eyes can gaze on the op
posite shores all the way from Oakland to
fcfuisallto. '.
Now, I'll tell you a little about my pet cat.
He is black and white and has very long ears
and a long tail. His eyes are yellow and he
has ten baby teeth in the front part of his
mouth. He is very active in jumping and run
ning. I call him Cor be because he is a
great fighter and always wins. At one fight ho
won a prize of a large sum of money. Now the
last thine I have to say about him Is that he
loves to eat better than he does to do anything
else, and I'm sure would eat ail day long if he
would be allowed to. ,
I liked the picture of the little bay and girl
skating, but they did not look so merry as our
San Francisco boy on his roller skates. Wish
ing much success to The Call in its new
building, I remain your constant reader,
Katie Meade.
Pan Francisco. Feb. is, 1897.
Dear Editor: My uncle read The Call to me
WHICH ONE
TO KEEP
JjLbl-^ck £pd a. $rdjy.
It r?ever will do to l^eep ti7em bo
The bla^eK or?e wed better drown! :
.jjjjforit (ry ? my de^totioyftjj.
Pne Kitten.}
J!ne Kitt§n3 enou^btol\eep.
nurse^br'tlj^rowiDg |^,te
time you were asleep!!
|jjj|}?e morrow downed^nd rosy d.nd sweet) '
C^rne little3ess from her r>2v.p.
"ij?\ " 1 T^ 9e nur 3 e 3^ l( i %o wlos^djm<Lsroon)
% I I ome bere,jaJi& Cjra.T)drn&:wifb a.ymle,
porn the rocl^ino cbair where
y ; , -Jbe s>t;
\iod ba.j cent you two little
M Jijter<
wbait do you think of
lyyjejj looked ait the b&biej a. moment
W/iti? their lockj 0/ yellow &nd brown;
then to i?rd.ndm^ }be s] owl)/ jaid.
Wbicl? one Avzyou ooinoto drown?
yesterday, and when I heard the nice little let
ters writien to you by boys and girls I thought
I should lite to write one also.
I am a native daughter and go to the convent
I go to church every Sunday, and I do not for
get to say a prayer for the men who have to
work up fo high on The Call building. I hope
nothing will happen to them. I am 9 years
old, and am in the third grade.
I have a dear little cat to piny with, but
grandma says that she read in The Call that
cats were dangerous pets for children to have
because they take so tunny different diseases,
I have adoliie with a broken heau. Grandma
has taken Thk Call lor seventeen years. I
hope you will be kind enough to publish my
letter. Good-by. Ella Jefferson.
Blvk Canyon, Cal., Feb. 16, 1897.
Dear Editreu and Readers of the C. R.C.:
Now as the snow is tco soit to slid? and still
falling. I will merely look out or the window
once in n while as I write. I should like you,
that have never seen much snow, to come up
here some winter. lam sure you would enjoy
it very much. So far this winter we have not
had much snow, but by the looks outside just
now I think it will soon be deep enough for us
to enjoy ourselves with sleds and snowshoes.
I promised to write a nice long letter about
this part of the country in winter, and shill
do so as soon as our dear editress can find
space to print it. With one more look out of
tne window »v the bis; snowflakes I shall close,
laid not send any valentines this year, but
received two. What has become of our friend,
the lighthouse boy? I wrote to him nearly a
month ago and did not receive any answer,
and have not seen his name in The Call since.
I hope to see this letter in next Sunday's pa
per. Your little Render,
Kktha Waldan (C. R. C).
Probkrta, Tehama County, Cal.. Feb. 18.
Dear Editor: I thought I would write you a
few lines. We have a nice time when the
watermelons, muskmelons, grapes and black
berries and the apricots are ripe. When the
flowers are in bloom we have futi picking
flowers. I am 8' a years old and will be 9on
July 9. Igo to Proberta ichoo. and am in the
third-year class. I hope my letter will be
published in next Sunday's CALL. Your little
Mend, Carl Sabelman.
NEW PUZZLES.
I. There is a river in America in whose
name are only four letters, three of which are
so often repeated as to make, in all, eleven,
forming four syllables. What is the word?
M. A. Horn (C. R. C).
11. A tongue have I, but 1 never taik.
When you're in me you do not walk.
Jennie Met aughan (C. R. C).
111. Crossword enigma.
My 1 is in work, but not in play.
My - is in night, but not in day;
My 3 is in rua, but not in fly,
My \ is in trutn, but not hi lie;
My 5 is in vase, not in jar,
My U is in near, also in far.
My whole is*vvhat we now enjoy;
Come, tell me qnick, you girl or boy.
Retha Waldan, C. R. C.
IV. Backwards and forwards.
Arrant the same letters so they will spell
different words. Example: Forward, guardian
ship; backward, to sketch, ans, ward, draw.
(a) Forward I am a time of feasting; back
ward I am a mechanical power.
(6) Forward I am a little article found in
every work-bafitet; backward folds of thread.
V. Same as IV.
(n) Forward, a planet: backward, rodents.
(6) Forward, a blow with the open hand;
backward, vulgar associates.
(<•) Forward, dress; backward, to boast
(d) Forward, to subsist; backward, wrong.
(c) Forward, a fashionable sport; backward,
to whip severely.
VI. A word squarOi
1. A frasmenu
nr
nr
JE
"V
2. An article of furniture.
3. To exalt.
4. A passage.
5. To arrange, as birds do their feathers.
Four, five and six by Alice Bell (C. R. C).
VII. lam composd of five letters.
My first and second, a male.
My first, second and third, a female.
My whole is a boy's name.
Carrie Mills (C. R. C).
VIII. A jumbled proverb:
Are right halves done never by thing*,
Lucy Moeller (C. C.).
IX. (a) Whole I belong to a vehicle; behead
me, and 1 am part of the body; again, and I'm
a fish.
(6) Whole I belong to a vehicle; behead me,
and I am a bag.
(c) Whole I belong to a vehicle; behead me,
| and lam wrath. Lena Woodson (C. R. C).
X. My 16, 11, 7. 1, 18, 10 Is a flower.
My 15. 13, 19, 4, 12 is a girl's name. '
My 2, 7, 11. 10, 12 is an animal.
; My 8, 11. 3, 7, 14, 12 li a bird.
My 9, 18, 5, 12 is a dandy.
My 16. 6. 17, 8. 11. 13, 4 Is a drug.
My whole is a club whose members may b«
tound in all parts ol California.
Fred Anthxs (C. B. C).
What oooplo observe the Ist of March ? Who
was Sir David ?
Ar\sWers for February 21.
I. (a) Corridors (car o' door*).
. (b) Because the cat'll eat it (cattle),
(c) Because they have engineers (ears).
11. Cream.
111. Pear-ear.'
IV. Merced.
V. Pear— plum.
VL T VII. SNOW
ERA NAPE i
TRADE OPEN 1
ADA WENT.I
E /
VIII. Abstemious. Facetious.
IX. Ear— nose— toa— arm—
X. George Washington.
ArxsWers to puzzles.
Answers to puzzles of February 21 have been
received irom the following members of the
C. R. C. : M.Eva Navone, Gretta Cluff. Fred
Anthes, Ethel McClure, Alice Bell and William.
Sea Jr.
For February 14 from Alice Bell, Ethel Mc-
Clure and Emma Eggers.
For February 7 trom Ethel McClure.
From non-members for February 14: Mada
lena Lagomarsino, Gertrude Pera, Grace Loh
and Annetta E. Girard.
For February 21, Edna M. Rouner.
Communications Acknowledged.
Besldas the letters published pleasant com
muuications have been received from those
whose names iollow: Laura Gleeson, Augusta
Ilencock, Hazel Maude Berry, Genevieve Page,
Anna Mullen, Gretch«n O. Dillworth, Lucy
Dunbar, Rose Gallagher, Aileen Morrison, G.
Pera, Grace Loh. lvel fibley, Lucy Duerson,
Gussie Wheeler, Edna M. Rouner, R. W. Riggs,
Hazel Bell, John Jonsen Jr., John O. Navone,
Ariel Will (C. R. C). M. Eva Navone (C. R. C.)\
Oliver Raitery, Antoinette Crawford (C. R. c.),
Mary T. Mott and Alma Sea.
Among Our Exchanges.
"Harper's Round Table" has a department
devoted exclusively to "lnterscholasluc
sporU." . 1
More of "Nina Barrow" for the girl-;
"Johnny in GoboHnk Land" for those lniYr
ested In the odd litue gobolinks, and "How a
President Is Inaugurated," all in March St.
Nicholas.
Matter of much interest to collectors of
•tamps appears in the last number of Golden
Days.
The "Washington's Birthday" edition of
the Youth's Companion was a delight to the
eye, with its finely decorated cover- The paper
contained many entertaining anecdotes of our
sisal chiel.THE BANDIT OF THE HILLS.
A Bandit of the
California Hills
J^T'^OT long since a young coyote
i-\|- ' was captured in the foothills
*l*lli* of California and taken into
the nearest town to be photographed.
T: required the firm persuasion of
/a 'tout chain to induce the frightened
I ■.c animal to face the dangerous look
\ „' machine aimed at him with deadly
intent. His terror is increased when he
recognizes his worst enemy peering at
him through the fol is of a hideous black
flap; that means "no quarter."
It is an ordeal that rarely comes to an
eldeily, sedate coyote.
Forne of the tricks of this little, insic
nihcant-looking creature are interesting.
lie will come down from the hills to the
feeding grounds of the wila geese, and
witn an innocent, far-away look of indif
ference will slowly circle around th^ tlocfc,
his gaze hxed on some imaginary ol ject
up in the air. His pace gradually in
creases, the awkward geese begin lo mass
toward a common center and try to ful.ow
his movements by turning their heads;
they forget to fly as the wily animal nar
rows bis circie and increases his pace.
Suddenly the coyote is seen flying up the
Liliside, and lirmly clutched in his strong,
bharp teetb is a helpless goose, too dizzy
to fly.
In the foothill ranches in early days the
rancher protected bis poultry against wild
animals by covering the trunks of trees,
in which the chickens roosted, witn old
tin. But when, as in one case, the hen
disappeared just tne same, the old rancher
sat up one moonlight night to see how it
was done. He saw Mr. Coyote slowiy cir
cling around the tree, juifcuing the same
tactics which secures him a fat coose.
Presently, down tumbles a ben, her cap
tor closes his teeth on her neck and is off
like a flash.
"And me a-settin' there like I hadn't no
mo more gumption than them hens, while
that pesky critter played :-ich a trick on
me," the owner of the hens sheepishly ad
mitted.
I p in the Sierra foothills I once lis
tened to a coyote concert that made the
-uinmer boarders at a lonely ranch thank
ful for a lighted bouse and companion
ihip. A horse was accidentally killed aim
the carcass was le.'t in a meadow about
half a mile west of the house. That sam
evening, while the children were out i
the yard playing, a cry, or rather a serie
of cries, howls and wails suddenly floated
down from a hill to the ea.-t of the hcu>e
The ch.ldren flew into tlie house, decla:
ing that it made "coid streaks run up am.
down their lacss to hear all the grizziii-.
and screech owls crying at one?."
Our old ho.-t came in and said, "It "t
kiotys; come out and hear 'em sine."
The great watchdog, fiercely barking,
bounded up the hill, only to be greeteu
with sharpscreams of detiance, .and thei.
dend silence as he neared the lines of trees ;
lie trotted leisurely back, confident that lu
had quelled the outbreak, but, as ht
reached the house, that weird chorus brokt
out again, and the dog, by this time in a
rage, went tearing niadiy up the hill, only
to repeat his former experience. So the
contest went on until midnight, snaps,
Bnarla and blood-curdiing cries from the
tantalizing creatures on the hill, and
from tne baffled dog savage barks as he
vainly protested ogain-t an invader who
was able to outwit his every move.
The next morning our old host ex
plained the unusual entertainment, for it
was the only time during a stay of two
months that we heard a coyote.
"I've been out to the raedder and there
a;nt nuthin left of that horse but the
hone?. The singin' on the hill Jest night
was j st to fool "the dog while the other
kiotys et."
Tne old man knows the question the
boys are going to ask and iie answers, "I
reckon they took turns singin 1 an' eatin'."
Some years ago a white coyote wav
| nd in the foothills wedged between two
■ '■^s. The animal was unhurt and was
1 opted to Woodward'-s Gardens in San
*.'ancisco.
The coyote is called a coward. He is
brave enough to lead a forlorn hope!
Think of this little coward (?) calmly
"playing dead" in the pre-ence of his two
most dangerous foes<, man and doc. A
hunter who had slightly wounded a coyote
was much surprised to see it fall perfectly
limp on the ground and apparently dead.
The dogs looked at the coyote and then at
their master with an inquiring expression.
Not. a quiver of the eyelids, not the
slightest rise or fall ot the chest, nor the
tremble of a limb, betrayed this little
creature in his wonderful play of death.
The hunter gently prodded the corpse,
lif'ed the limp legs, but they fell without
a twitch. Then the hunter started slowly
down the bill, taking the dogs with him.
A few feet away, he cautiously turned to
look at the coyote. There was a gray
shadow fleeing up the hillside with a
speed that meant sudden deliverance from
a dreadful death.
The coyote is easily trapped by fasten
ing a piece of meat just out of his reach.
In jumping for the meat his hind feet are
caught in a trap hidden under leave.
What wonderful things the coyote might
tell us if be were ever allowed to speak for
himself. How be eluded the clutch
Af the giant cliff-dwellers, vow happily
elitinct. the crunching jaws of savage ani
w.ils, or deadly arrows of the Indian.
fln the palmy days of placer raining he
fcnust have witnessed certain social func
tions among the miners that taught him
to dodge an enemy who hangs first and
talks afterwaid.
Native Sons of the Golden West are wont
to indulge in rabbit drives, which is a
ruthless invasion of the coyote's pre
serves.
Hunted, hated, pursued by man and
dog, there is nothing left to the coyote
but to "move on." He suffers the igno
miny of having a price put upon his bead,
which places him on a level with the
bandits of early days in California.
The coyote is the proud possessor of
one gift of which neither man nor dog
can rob him — his wonderful speed. Giv9
him one jump as a starrer and he can
urn on his pursuers with fine sarcasm
and ask, "\Vhy don't you catch me?"
Ella S. Haktnei.l.
Here Is the Auto-Car Which Promises to Be a Dangerous Rival of the Bike
fIp.HE bicycle will have a potent rival
Cl ri V on Ine Continen- this coming season,
■/*!?* for the tov.r.st now promises to trke
to the auto-car and leave the c, -de to rust
and d»cay. There is in London an organi
zation known as the Motor-car Club, and
ts members are devote:! to the one idea of
developing and popularizin in every «'ay
possible those curious inventions which
are like and yet unlike the horseless car
riage. Dr. Carl Seeliz. a leading club
member, who is the tourist's guide, phil
osopher and frier, d, has taken up the mat
ter of motor-car excursions nnd will devote
his time entirely to the project this next
sen«on.
The auto-car which he has in view lor
general use by the tourists is seven horse
power and will carry six people. Dr.
Seelig declares that it will go up hill and
down dale faster tl p.n any team of horses
can travel, and beside*, all danger of a
runaway will be avoided. Thi< auto
car will be fitted up In a luxurious man
ner and will be of sutticient size to accom
modate cix persons, or at a pinch seven,
though the former number is the one
which the constructor of this autocar cal
culated upon.
There was a quiet experiment made last
year with one of these vehicles, although
the invention had not been perfected to
the extent it is at present, and ihe result
was surprising. It is almost like having
your house along with you. A stop could
be made at any time and no one had to
stay in the car to hold the horse.
It was demonstrated on the trial trip of
the machine la*t year that the great fear
of both the inventor and the builder was
in no danger of realization. It was be
lieved by both of the gentlemen mentioned
that whiio the car would move briskly
along on roads that were fairly decent,
when it came to genuinely rough travel,
such as tourists who traverse the Conti
nent must of necessity often experience,
tne greatest difficulty would be found in
making progress, bo the car was taKen to
Switzerland and from there to France
through the passes and over the rough
roads with which the country lying on the
borderland of the two nations abounds.
What was tho surprise of the four per
sons occupying the vehicle, all of whom
had made the trip before by other con
veyances, 10 find that locomotion was
easier and attended with much less danger
TIIK SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1597.
Where Abject Vice Gives
Place to Honest Womanhood
T^ADY HENRY SOMERSET is en
|-Vk gaged in developing a class of new
I—7 women which is likely to have a
marked effect on the part of the world in
which they reside. This fact is clearly
demonstrated by the rep >rt of what has
been accomplished during the first year of
the Industrial Farm Colony at Duxhurst,
Encland, the only colony of the sort in
the world— the only farm colony which is
ruled by a woman and populated by her
own sex.
The orieinal cause of the inception of
the project whose fruition has been bo
grateful was the fearful prevalence of the
love of liquor among the women of Eng
land located in the cities, who belonged to
the worKing c^ass. For many years it has
been the custom in England for a labor
er's wife, for the wife of the artisan to in
dulge in her pot of " 'alf ana 'alf" without
criticism. It is this practice that brought
about the state of affairs lamented. Lady
Henry, as the chief of the temperance
movement in England, thought out a way
in which the women who had succumbed
not only to the influence of drink no far as
becoming greatly addicted to it is con
cerned, but who had, by their love for
liquor, fullen to the lowest depths.
The plan to which the philanthropist's
fertile mind gave birth was the Industrial
Farm Colony. There were croakers in
plenty who prophesied all sorts olevil and
the direst of failure?. Happily, they have
all proved false prophets. How thoroughly
so is demonstrated by Lady Henry Som-
erset herseli, who has made this statement
concerning the work of the institution
which she planned and caused to be es
tablished :
"It is encouraging to believe that we. at
an y rate, are feeling our way toward a solu
tion of the difficulty that has vexed us
sorely — how to deal with our drunken
than when they had traversed the country
at the mercy of the diligence. These
things were kept quiet until this season,
but now those who experimented are re
lating their experiences lo all who care to
listpn, and the re3tilt has been that Dr.
.'"eelitr, a ter making a series of experi
ments, has reached the conclusion that he
will devote his attention to the auto-car,
because convinced that by means of it the
tourist can really see the country to better
advantage and with infinitely more en
joyment than by any ether means yet
devised.
The first of these tours, Recording to
iresent plans, is to lie made in June, and
will em h race England and Wales. Among
the mountains of the latter sections of
Britain the auto-car will receive as *evere
a test as it did last season. Dr. Seelig has
induced six younn ladies to tnke tfco trip
and he will accompany the car on horse
back. One of the young ladies will be
taught how to manage the vehicle, for
that part of it is simplicity itself, and so
it will be in a way, an excursion of new
women, although under the protective eye
of man. The accompanying illustration
shows how the excursionists will appear
when sealed in their queer vehicle and
spinning along the roads of the tight little
isle.
The one question which threatened
heretofore to prevent the auto-car from
becoming popular as a vehicle for persons
of ordinary means is that of expense. It
lias been believed and openly stated here
tofore t at the invention would cost a
largs sum of money, and that it was im
possible to make it less expensive. Now,
however, there has been a revolution in
the opinion of the makers of the cars.
They fay that so lons as present prices for
material and labor rule, there will be no
difficulty in making a complete auto-car,
and placing it on the market fully
equipped at a cost far below that of the
ordinary carriage. The word ordinary is
used advisedly, the hiph-priced carriage
not beine meant.
This biatement has filled the bicycle
dealers with alarm, as' now a faniiiv can
purchase an auto-car and utilize it for lit
tle more than the cost of a high-grade
wheel. The auto-car can be used by one
person or half a dozen, as may be de
sired. It is not difficult to keep in repair
as its construction is not at all compli
women. The spirit of reform is in the air ;
it affects all our vi«ws and must necessa
rily soon alter our methods. We have hith
erto relied on penal treatment, now we
are beginning to see that we need educa
tional methods. The prison has failed as
a deterrent to the habitual drunkard, but
we believe the hospital will succeed, and
it is essentially on the lines of a hospital
that we have opened our work. Our
medicine is fresh air and hard work, kind
ness, sj mpathy and above all the atmos
phere of home. We have found that the
outdoor employments in whica most of
onr patients are engaged have a curiously
exhilarating effect, both mentally and
physically, and the trim forcing-houses,
neat gardens and well-grown fruit and
flowers testify to the power of women to
carry out this work with a large measure
of success.
"The hothouses, which have been from
first to last cared for entirely by the
women, have done so well this first year
that we are justified in erecting other
buildings on the same plan. The enthu
siasm the gardening has awakened among
those who are engaged in it is another
hopeful sign. Our women were as intent
on sending their crop of early vegetables
to the London market as any professional
market-gardener in the land, and ai proud
of their handiwork.
"I was speaking a few days ago to the
medical man who visits us periodically,
and he told me that he could not have be
lieved that tuch good physical results
could have nttended the treatment given
to the patients at Duxburst. He hud seen
women r hose heal h seemed to be perrna
nen.ly in jimd entirely recuperated with
in a few wt eks, latent disease overcome in
others, and n*»w health nnd vitot restored
to them. Specially successful has been the
system of dividing the patients into little
cated. It is safe, so those who have used I
it claim, and there is no danger of ex- !
plosion. So it is not at all improbable '
that before many months the bicycle girl !
will have boen ovoluted into the auto-car '
groups, each circle occupying its own par
ticular cottage with a nurse matron at its
head. The institutional spirit has been
entirely removed in this way, and the
pride that the women take in 'our little
homes,' as they call them, is testified by
the spotless cleanlinesi of the interior of
ea< h dwelling.
"The great difficulty hitherto attending
this ieforni wort has been that when
women are dismissed from 'homes,' the
first day of freedom seems to bring with
it also the first struggle against tempta
tion; but I have a strong conviction that
this course is a mistake and that the moral
nature of the woman should be strength
ened by desrees in order that she may be
prepared to meet the trial which she must
necessarily face when sue goes out from
our midst
"Joy is a necessary part of healthful
life, and it was a problem to us how we
could bring it to women isolated from
their familieß and burdened with a bitter
past; but the children have answered
this question for us. They come to us
from the London slums for a brief, bliss
ful Holiday, and we make a point of taK
ini: those who are so poor that they are in
eligible for tho children's holiday fund.
Tins home is cared for by Sister Kathleen.
She has made children's work a special
study, and has written several most inter
esting accounts of her experiences at the
Bird's Nest.' "
Of all the work which Lady Henry has
accomplished in the cause of temperance
there is none whicn has shown such bene
ficial results, as far as that section of the
t>ublic which she strives to reach is cott
er rned, as tbelndoatriaJ Farm Colony. So
strongly has the wis lorn of he experi
ment appealed to the originator's native
land that the colony 1* likely to find sev
eral rivals before many months.
girl, like the youne women in the accom
panying illustration, and speed over the
boulevards with rabidity and safety.
There are few modern inventions which
can be devoted to so many uses as the
BRAIN CELLS IN THE FINGER TIPS.
Eyes in the Tips
of the Fingers
£fr%!fjy addition to our knowledge of the
.-lalrV anatomy of the hlitiii has just b en
J^J^t made by Dr. S. Millington Miller.
Every one knows that the blind man is
in a small degree compensated for the
want of sight by acute sensibility in the
finger tips. The fingers of the blind can
never see, bat with practice they come
pretty near it. They can read raised let
ters with inconceivable rapidity, and they
arrive at exact measurements of form
simply by passing their lingers swiftly
over the contour ol an object. Sanderson,
the blind professor, could detect a spuri
ous Roman coin by feeling it over care- •
inlly with his lingers. A smart blind man
can read character by touching the hand
of a stranger. By the combined senses of
touch and hearing he can form a shrewd
idea of the stranger's age, temper, ability
and stature. Chris Buckley once said that
he could always tell a man's age by hold
ing his hand and letting him talk for a
moment. There have been blind weavers j
whose touch was so keen that they could J
weave a rug of colored wools embracing j
every variety of scroll work, and blind j
mineralogists who could identify a speci
men by the feel.
Whether the blind can tell colors by the
touch has always been a disputed ques
tion. A very intelligent blind official of a j
blind asylum once said: "I know the dif
ferente of colors because I remember
them, but I can't distinguish them by
touch, nor do I think that any blind man
in the world ever could or did." Blind
people in the schools can tell the color of
their rods, but they do so by putting their
tongues to them, and distinguishing tlio-e
which have been dipped from t ose whicn
have not. Indeed, the closest scrutiny
has failed to detect any difference of tex
ture between a piece of cloth or paper j
which has been stained red and another
which has been s'.ained green. Locke's
story that a blind man told him the feel
of scarlet was like ihe blast of a trumpet
is obviously a flight of fancy.
Prescott, the blind historian, once said
that a blind man's knowledge of things
which were within his grasp was more
thorough than that of # a man who could
use his eyes; but objects at a distance lie
not only could not see, but could not con
ceive, nor could he realize their working.
Holman, the blind traveler, exalted in the
rush of stimulating air when he stood on
the top of Adams Peak in Ceylon; but as
he could not see the foggy depths all
round, ho could not ba made to under
stand the consequence of a false .*tep. His
eye did not see, and therefore bis mind
did not fear.
Still, the blind man's finger tips are ao
far superior in sensitiveness to those of the
man who sees that the contrast has pro
voked inquiry among anatomists. Dr.
Miller umtertook to unravel the my?tery
with Bcalpel and microscope. The inner
surface of the index and middle fingers
oi the corpse of a blind man were carefully
sliced off, and sections of perhaps a six
teenth of an inch in thickness were placed
under a powerful microscope. In these
numbers of Pacini's corpuscles were dis
covered. (For the benefit of the non
medical reader, it may be explained that a
Pacini's corpuscle i 9 the infinitesimal
body or atom in which a nerve ends.)
auto-car. It has Jong been considered one
of the coming adjuncts of the armies of
the world, and now is to be the means of
wnirling the pretty «irl over highways
and byways and in all countries.
Starting from these corpusce , a complex
ramification of nervoas filaments spread
in every direction, lika twigs in a thickly
branched tree. In the ordinary finger a
single nerve extends to the lip, with a
few branches at the extremity, each of
which ends in a corpuscle. In the blind
man's linger the branches were past
counting, and they began to be thrown off
from the main nervs long before the ex
tremity was reached. It was evident that
the sense of touch in the blind man's
linger was kept in such constant em
ployment that a flow of blood into tho
finger was induced, and the trrowth of tha
nerve system was consequently stimu
lated. Dr. Miller goes so far ns to say
that the Pacini corpuscles are the blind
man's finger-tip bruin, and he implies,
under some reservations, that the finder
tips are eye and mind to the blind, con
taining the same gray matter as the brain.
This theory would imply that the organs
ot perception and reasoning are not con
fined exclusively to the interior of the
skull, but may exist in other parts of
the body, and that Shakespeare may not
have been so absurd, after ail, when he
said that the live, was the seat of lore.
We know a great deal more about the
blind than our ancestors did in the list
century, and yet we have still much to
learn. A popular impression prevails
that when the sight is taken away nature
offers compensation by strengthening the
other bodily and mental powers, so as to
make up for the deficiency. This notion
is unfounded and probably was conceived
in order to mitigate the horror of a hope
less misfortune. There is no reason for
supposing that the other s-nses of the
blind — hearing, touch, taste, smell and
comparison— are more acute than in peo
ple who see. On the contrary, incurable
blindness is apt to brealc down botn body
and mind, to destroy hope and spirit, and
to lower its victim below the normal level
of humanity. Among ihe rich tender
care and affection often mitigate the
misery of the afflicted, but among the
mass of mankin i a person wo is hope
lessly blind is treated as a helpless infe
rior, thrust into isolation by his infirmity.
He is an incumbrance to be neglected «nd
indulged, so that he grows up to be little
belter than the lower animals — vicious,
mischievous, lary, apathetic, crouching
in moral as well as mental and physical
darkness. Poor blind children ar otten
moody, selfish, irritable and discontented.
So far from redeeming their affliction by
a higher development of the other senses
they seem to be drifting into a condition
in which partial paralysis will overtake
them all.
Of course there have been signal excep
tions — Mi. ton, Sanderson, Dandolo, Zisca,
Gower, Moyes, Salinas, Huber, James,
Stanley, John of Bohenm, FieMing,
Arago, Fawcett and otners — whose career
demonstrates the truth that the loss of
sight does not necessarily and in all cases
impair the quality of mind. But the vis
itor to our modern blind aßylums cannot
avoid the conclusion tlrot as a rule blind
ness impairs all tbe faculties and that if
thers is anything in D . Miller's theory of
a branch brain in the finger tips it ought
to be studied with a view to the develop
ment o; its possibilities.
For it must be remembered that in the
science of mind and the nerves we are
still groping in tbe dark, and those of us
who see best do Dut see through a glass
dimly.
Not long ago Dr. Hammond, who knows
more tban anybody upon the connection
between rni'id and matter, said in a pub
-1 c lecture that he diet not tnow what a
mind was, but he had a vague idea that
its manifestations, as embraced in percep
tion, intellect, emotions and will, were
dependent upon the operations of cells of
gray nerve tissue, which are chiefly found
in the brain but are likewise present in
the spinal cord, the heart, stomach, Jungs,
liver and other organs. Not to the brain
alone do we owe the evolution of mind;
the sympathetic system of nerves is also
concerned in its production. The pri
mary manifestion of mind is perception,
wdich, in the case of things seen, is per
formed primarily by the retina of the eye,
from which it is conveyed by the optic
nerve to the ganglion and thence to the
gray nerve tissue in the brain. But if
there is a gray nerve tissue in the finger
tips and this can receive impressions of
outward objecs through th- sense of
touch, -mind can be set to work without
assistance from the brain, and the latter
may for the moment abdicate its cogni
zance or superintendence of the actions of
the body.
Hero is where the theory of a brain
finger tip may perhaps Do turned to prac
tical account. Blind people acquire ex
treme sensitiveness In the ends of their
fingers mechanically by exerting an in
voluntary instinct. Suppose the faculty
which comes to them almost without ef
fort were cultivated by education. Micros
copy has shown us that ther-- is an
extraordinary development of the nervous
system in the fingers of the blind, and
that the nerves are centers of gray matter.
Would it be possible to cultivate the sen
sitiveness of the skin so as to increase its
perceptive capacity? If that could be,
done, the blind might ba supplied with a
pair of eyes at the ends of their lingers,
not as efficient as natural eyes, but still
capable of seeing mucn within a limited
sphere, and of arresting the tendency of
their possessor to degeneracy and torpor.
We supply the halt and the lame with
artificial limbs, which, if they are not an
adequate substitute for the limbs fur
nished by nAtiire, mill render locomotion
practicable. Why cannot the power of
vision be evolved in a new organ?
John Eonskb.
Fifteen per tern of those engaged in
war are injured on the field of battle.
2728
THE STAGE
James A. Herne has worked one mira
cle in -Shore Acres." He ha* made us
willing io pay a good round sum a head
for seats, put on our newest gloves and
use them, too, so that if we do no: split
them, at leas: we loosen some of the but
tons in applauding details of domestic life
that we would look on with cold indiffer
ence in the bosom of our own families. At
home we paze on plump, well-browned
turkey and never feel any consumine de
sire to clap our hands, but at "Shore
Acres" a thrill of delight pervades the
whole audience when the turkey is brought
forth from the oven, people gurgle with
joy when they see how crisp and brown
be is and they applaud him as if he were
the Dird of freedom and the emblem of
American liberty. As tue odor of baked
meats is wafted, like incense, all over
tha theatsr, mere may be a few dis
gruntled people who experience the {
disappointed sensations of a hungry
little boy, flattening his nose vainly out
fide the pastry cook's window, bat these
disgruntled ones are so few and far be
tween that they do not count. The r.udi
ence almost to a unit welcomes the turkey
with the joy of a band of hungry six-year
olds clamoring for Christmas dinner.
Another detail of domestic life that
charms none of us at home, but delights
us at "Shore Acre?," is washing the chi.
dren's faces. Materfamilias, and even
paterfamilias, when he condescends to
• pare time for the weakness, can gush and
gurcle and thrill with delight over the
beanteous picture of baby taking his
morning bath, but no one at home ever
rushes and gurgiei and thrills over
washing the jam off Mary's littie
mouth, and the mud stains off
Tommy's little nose. raterfamilias
Siiys, "Great Scott! do those children
always have dirty faces? " and materfami
lias looks tternly at Tommy and Mary, re
marking: "Thos<e chiluren have been
washed three times already this afternoon,
and now I think I will spank them," and
Mary and Tommy howl in concert as they
are led captives to the nursery for a
fourth ablution. No enthusiastic relation
follows to study the details and admire
the beautiful picture presented by Mary
and Tommy having their faces washed.
In "Slore Acres" Uncle Nat washes the
face of one of the children, and people sit
up in their seats and crane their neck« to
gei a Letter view of how he does it. Will
he wash with the gentle rotary motion
that almost reconciles children to the
hated use of soap and water, or will lie
grab the child by tier pompadour and rub
straight up and down, regardless of nose
and lips, as unfeeling nursemaids are in
the habit of doing? For a moment the
excitement is intense, and then comes a
sigh of relief as Uncle Nat holds the child
gently under its little cnin and washes its
little face in a gentle, rotary way that
■would do credit to a certificated masseur.
When tbe little countenance has been
polished into the similitude of a looking
glass, Uncle Nat make 3 the chid blow its
little nose anti the delight of the audience
redoubles. If Uncie Nat v.ere a mission
ary applying a moral pocket-handkerchief
for the first timfe to the visage of a little
heathen, and every member of the audi
ence belonged to Mrs. Jellaby's society
for supplying the lit'le heathen with flan
nel vests and moral pocket-handkerchiefs,
the general satislaction could not be
greater.
1
It woula take the whole Sunday edition
to describe minutely how James A. Herne
has made his audiences think there is no
place like home, when homeliappens to
bo Shore Acres, and no detail of home life
bo trivial as to Le despised. Shore Acres is
a delightfully well-kept farm— just the sort
of rural retreat that the country boarder
is always seeking and never finds. Its
pies are as large as bicycle wheels, aud the
ea?e with which a child carries
chunks erf them nfcout shows that
they would not cru;-h your toes if you
accidentally let one of them drop; the
Shore Acres celery and its bread are the
whitest and the kettle and tbe teapot the
most hospitable ever seen on any staje,
and you must understand that there is no
property nonsense about them. The
celery can only be cut a fey,- hours beforo
each performance, the bread is not even
bought— three for 10 cents— at a popular
bakery, it is home made; the Kettle bub
bles with real fteam, on a real stove, and
the teapot— a hospitable bis brown tea
pot—is filled with the genuine cup that
cheers, but not inebriates.
I hesitate to say what "Shore Acres"
would be with a property turkey and card
board pies, a kettle that dici not boil and
tea that was onl.v make believe, but I have
a haunting impression that if the silver
wedding dinner was only a Bermecide's
feast mucri of the glory of the play would
have departed, and if the acting was in
anistic "Shore Acres" would scarcely be
a piay at all, or at least it would ne one of
the baldest, most in-ufferably tarn« plays
that an audience was ever called upon to
endure. Do not for a moment imacine
though that it is anything of the .-ort at
the Baldwin Theater. The acting is so
finished and the staging is so care v I
that "Shore Acres" is invested with a
homely realism that gives theater-goers
the illusion that they are gazing into the
actual lives of the simple farming people
who make the play.
Simple and deligtuful as "Shore Acres"
is, it would be too much to predict that
the play will crea'e t c furore her that it
is said to have aron^ed in the East. On tbe
o:her side of the Rockies peopie take their
pleasures sadly, and the neutral tints of
'Shore Acres," would no doubt appeal
more strongly to them than to Califor
nians who prefer to take their pleasures
sparkling, like their climate and their
champagne. In San Francisco, peo
ple care more about teing amused
or moved than they do about weigh
ing a performance from a high-art
standpoint. "Shore Acres" is more ar
tisic than "The O d Homestead," but
it is not so gay. Uncl« Nat of "Shore
Acres" is true to himself and to his
simple, honest nature :rcm one end of
the play to tbe olher. The delightful old
firmer of "The Old Homesteau" falls
Irom grace, artistically speakmp, in those
:w\> acts where he go*s to New York to
seek his long-lost son. In some oi the
'•turns" — I can call them nothing else —
outside Grace Church he just escapes
making a buffoon of him-elf. His exag
gerated couniry cous-in exploits are not
altogether artistic, but they are amusing,
and box-office receipts have shown that
they are profitable.
"Shore Acres" is written in a graver
key, and Herne has been too artistic to
drag chunks of comedy, and "turns" into
workaday life. The only comedy in the
whole play lies in the little details of do
mestic life that would never be no.iced at
home and in tht quaint human weak
nesses of some of the characters— Uncle
Nat's little foibles in the way
of believing he can cook turkey
and cranberry sauce better than the
women folks; the artful devices of
the grass widower to get a "hand-out" of
the turkey when it is cooked, the stern,
unbending orthodoxy of tho 112-year-old
theologian and the abject way in which
the revengeful father wilts when a little,
helpless is put into bis arms —
in this sort of comedy the laucnter lies
Liar to tears. It is true to nature, but it
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1897.
does not split the aides of the groundlings
nor deplete their pockets, as more breezy,
insouciant comedy and "turns" are apt
to do.
Herne has evidently -tried to xnako his
play an exact transcription of New Eng
land farm ufe, and has permeated it with
a simple realism that is more Latin than
Anglo-Saxon. His characters are no better
and no worse than the average everyday
people in real life. They eat, drink and
make merry, quarrel and achieve their
love-making in a commonplace way,
as people for the most part are
in the habit of doin^, outside plays and
novels. When they are good they are not
impossibly good, and when they are bad
they are not absolutely horrid. There is
no doubt about the daring of an author
who attacks commonplace characters nnd
treats them in this complex way. Most
modern Englisb-speakine dramatists ?eem
to think ibat from 8 till 11 in the evening
is all too short a time to attempt complex
character-drawing.
There is not a heroic character in
H-rne's play, except Uncle Nat, and he is
ona of I hose quiet, workaday heroes
whom Alphonse Paudet, in his earlier
worts, deliehts to honor. I name Daudet
especially because of all the modern
French writers he has touched, with a
feathery pen, the little human weak
nesses and foibles and the traits
of unexpected self - nbnegation and
heroism that sometime* surge tv
the sur.ace in the most outwardly com
monplace and everyday character.
Modern English-speaking writers are apt
to draw lheir characters with n coarser
pen. Uncle Nat might belong to Daudet's
"Lettres de .Yon Moulin." He is a to
tally different type from the peasants of
Southern France, whom Daudet draws
with a master hand, but "One touch of
fellow feeling makes the whole world
kin," and Uncle Nat's human nature be
neafb his New England shell is something
that Daudet might have drawn.
Herne's playing oi Uncle Nat's charac
ter is as licht and feathery as his draw
inc of it. For my part, the other char
acters, with the turkey and the celery and
tbe property b. by (the only unreal thing
in the play) thrown in, are all pleasant to
see, but they are niiieshows compared to
the attraction of Herne's "Uncle" Nat
Berry. Marie Evelyn.
Ba!dWir\ Jheater.
James A. Herne begins his second week
at the Baldwin to-morrow evening in
"Bhv»re Acres."
The next attraction at the Baldwin will
be Fanny Daveni ort, supported by Mel
bourne Macdowell, and a company of her
own. Tliis will be the last time that the
American tragedienne is seen in the Sar
dou repertory, for next season Davenport
is to give up the French dramatist's plays
and give her attention to an American
production. During her coming engage
ment she will present for the first time in
San Francisco Sardou's "Gismor.da." She
will also play '".fedora," 'La Tosca," etc.
Columbia Jheater.
"At the French Ball" will hold the
boards till Thursday evening, when Fanny
Rice will give her first production in San
Francisco of her latest niiihic.:il success,
"A Flower Girl of Pans." It is said to
be the most pretentious and artistic pro
duction that Miss Rice has yet attempted.
It is described as a costume-rotnantic
ruusical-comedy, laid in Paris in the
days of Louis XV, the oeriovi of white
wigs and patches, affording ample oppor
tunny for cosiuming, which is taken full
advantage of.
The period of the "Flower Girl of
Par s" is lam before the Frencn Revolu
tion, and it depicts tbe lives and manners
of la vieille noblesse.
Qrarvd Opzra-JHouse.
A sensational racing play, never pro
ducsd here before, "The Derby Mascot,"
will be 10-morrow night's attraction at
the Grand. It contain* a number of sen-
SHiional stage effect*, especially stable
and racing scenes. The story of the play
centers about a bright, pretty giri, the
idol of th«» track, who is known as the
Derby Mnscot. She dons a jockey's suit,
which, by the way, wili have the colors of
George Kuse'* stables, wins an exciting
r.ice, shoots craj s with Lhe siable-boys,
sings, dances, helps along a pretty love
affair and eventually saves her father's
life. There is plenty of "go" in the play.
A number of specialties will be intro
duced, and Lottie Williams will nil the
star soubrette role.
JiVoli Opera-,House.
The series of revivals of Gilbert &
Sullivan's works, which opened success
fully on Monday last with •Patience,"
will be continued to-morrow with "The
Mikado," for which an especially tine
staging is promised. Elvia Crox Sea
brooke will beYum-Yum; Josie Intropidi,
her merry sister. Pitti-Sing; Jennie Stock
meyer, the pert Pe<?p-Bo; bernice Holmes,
the haughty Katisna; Jobn J. Raffael,
tliedicnined Mikado; Arthur Boyce, Nan
ki Too, the wandering minstrei ; W. H.
West, Pooh-Bah, the L <rd High Every
thing E.se; Ferris Hartman. Lord High
Executioner Ko-Ko, ami W. H. Tooker,
the Nobl* Lord Pish-Tush.
"The Sorcerer. ' one of the earlier Gil
bert & Sullivan works, and not often pre
sented In thi* City, is in preparation, to be
followed by "lolanthe." "Trial by Jury"
and "The Gondoliers."
Alcazar Jheater.
Charles Klein's comedy, '"By Proxy,"
will be produced to-morrow night. The
plot of the story is as follows: Lord Clan
morgan has arranged with bis old Ameri
can friend, John Bennett, that his son
shall marry Bennett'9 dau.-hter, a bright,
clever girl. The nobleman's son has
secreuy married a woman 01 vulgar origin.
:md when the time comes for him to go to
America to claim his bri •!<•, he arranges
for an American friend. Winters, to take
hi- place. The two chums arrive in N w
York, the scion of nobility a* the Ameri
can and the American as ihe nobleman's
son. The complications which ensue are
amusing.
Jhe OrpKe\jm.
The Waterbury brothers and Tcnny are
new musical oddities who will appear at
the Orpheum this week. They pay all
kinds of instruments in all kinds of way?,
nnd their act is said to be musically funny.
Dudley Prescott, the "Human Bra9S
Band," is another importation which will
nppearfor the first time here. Edmund
Hayes and Emily Lyiton will e:ve a new
sketch, the 'Talkative Man," in which
Miss Lytton confines her companion to
just five worils of conversation. The
Finncya and the Pantzcrs will remain; so
will Barney Fagan, who will sum a num
ber of new sonjrs, and Henrietta Byron
will bob on the stage every few minutes
wearing a new dress The Kenfos and Ara,
Zeln and Vora are in their last week.
px the Chutes.
Bristol's trained horses and donkeys
have been engaged for the Chutes this
afternoon and evening and they will give
performances on the open-air stage at the
foot of the lake. This will be their last
appearance in America for some time, as
they leave for Australia on the Atameda.
Johnson & Lundin, tne stron? men;
Brlseno, th- wire-nalker, anil Busch, tiie
"golden vampire," are also regular tec
lures. Emil Markpberß ill make a bal
loon ascension and parachute drop at 4:30
to-day.
Sousa's Goncerts.
Sousb's farewell concerts at the Cali
fornia Theater will be given this after
noon and evening. Interesting pro
grammes have been prepared for both
occasions.
Galifornia Theater.
On Wednesday, March 9, the French
Opera Company, from New Orleans, will
open a thr«-e weeks' season with "Le
Trouvere" (i! Trovatore). On Friday
night the double bill of "Cnvelieria Rus
ticnna" and "La Navarraise" wiil be pre
sented. Tlie latter is a one-aci op^ta by
Massenet, the music of which the French
paper.-* liavo repeatedly pronounced an ex
act pendant of Mascacni's "Cavall ria."
The book is by Julo Claretie and Henri
Cain, and tells a blood-curdling story of
a Spanish girl, who steals into a Carlist
camp and murders the insurgent ieader in
order to win the price set 0:1 his head,
as she wants the money for her wedding
por;ion. Anita finds too lite that her
lover will not s .are in the prctceds of her
treachery, and she goes mad as the cur
tHin tails. One scene, where the camp
tires are displayed through filmy gauze, as
night is supposed to fail, has always been
>l-"kon o: as one of the most striking pic
tures in modern lyric drama, la spite of
its res«-niDlance to the muse of "Caval
leria Rusticana," "La Navarraise" con
tains some characteristic touches of Mas
senei, particularly a serenade, whieli is
the nem of the opera. Ttie work is more
noisy than the "Cavalleriii," as it is
played to a constant accompaniment of
shooting.
On Tuesday evenine, the Ittth inst., a
new light opera, "L^s Nocesrie Je.uinettf."
will be played and on Thursday Keyer's
lyric drama, "Sigurd," will be given is
first San Francisco production. "Sigurd"
is one of ttie works of wbicn the modern
French scnool is rao<l proud. It lends
itself Co a Wapnerian we:;lth of stage ef
fect ami is snid to have been very success
fully produced in New Orleans by thi»
French comiany. Following "Sigurd"
will bo "L' Alricaine 1 ' and Gounod's
"Faust. "
Ttie subscription sale of *eats for the
ODera will begin on Wednesday morning
and the regular sale on Saturday.
jKird SvjmpKonvj Goacert
The thild concert of the San Francisco
Symphony Society takes pluce at the
Columbia next Thursday afternoon at
3:30. Mile. Antoinette Trebelli will be the
vocal soloist. It is years s nee San Fran
cisco has heur.l a singer with such pristine
purity and Ireshne«B of voice, combined
with such exquisite vocal method. She is
in the very zenith of her powers, unlike
most ol the ureat vocalists heard here
lately, on whom the wear and tear of
opera is beginning to tell.
Gustav Himichs will conduct an orches
tra of nenriy sixty musicians and the pro
eramrae wiil include Berlioz's '•Roman
Carnival" (Brahms symphony 4, in fc
minor), for the first time in this City, and
the fantasia from "Hansel and Gretel."
GraWford and fiis Gritics.
Marion Crawford doe? not blame liim
self or Ins collaborator, nor the Holland
Brothers for the utter failure ot his "Dr.
C.audius" at the Fifth-avenue Theater;
he blames the critics. In a letter to tUe
Heiald the playwright-novelist tells these
gentlemen that his plan* are not at all
affected by their unfavorable verdict ; and
after jabbing them with ihe pleasing
little remark, "Lritics very seldom ex
press the tmbiic opinion in regard to the
merits of a book or a play," he adds:
"We have other plays written, and the
negotiations for producing the next are
proceeding without inlerrupiion. I am
determined to Kain a place as a play
wright, and my success or failure will
ultimately be judged by the public;
neither one nor the other can be predicted
even by the very best of critics."
Tbe New York critics are not arguing
the question of Marion Crawford's failure
as a playwright, they Amply say that
there is not a situation in "Dr. ClnuJius."
thnt the play is nsundramatic as the "City
Directory, •' and that the sooner it is
shelved the better for the Holland
Brothers.
Dramatic Brevities.
"Jim the Penman" will be presented at the
Alcazar Theater in the n'.-ar future.
Adele Belearde makes her first appearance
with the Alcszar Company to-morrow night.
Thomas C. Leary has made a great hit in
Philadelphia as Pat O'Hara in "I>rian Boru."
Fanny Davenpor; does not believe in genius.
"With me," she declares, "it is simply work,
work, work."
R. A. Barnet declares that it is quite appro
priate to say an actor "soars to success," for
tbe stage has wings.
Laura Millard, the new prima donna of the
Tivn;i, who is ■ favorite in this City, bag been
detained in Boston by illness, and she will ar
rive this week.
Next Saturday afternoon Fanny Rice will
give the last of her series of ladies' matinees,
which have been succe-siully given in every
city along the itinerary, from New York.
The fact that Henry Miller sheds real tears
in "Heartsea>e" h*s caused as much discus
sion in the New York papers as when Clara
Morris' peculiar tuient in that direction was
first discovered.
The subscription sale of seats for the grand
opera season will be held in order to give
those who desire seats for the entire series of
twenty operas the opportunity of securing
the most desirable locations.
"What will the now woman do?" asks R. A.
Barnef, pathetically, "when ;>be discovers that
tbe husband whom she has raised to social
position and on whom she has lavished every
luxury is determined to «o on the stage?"
Moritz Rosenthal, the distinguished pianist,
attributes his illness to a dinner eaten in
company with the late William S'einway,
Bfu-r which both were taken ill with typhoid
fevor. He is ol the opinion tnut the hah shell
oysters in the course had typhoid germs lurk
ing in them.
Pauline French, who made her debut as
Celia at the Sutro Heights performance of
"As You Like It," has made a great hit in New
York with tiie Daly company. Sne is playing
Charlotte to A<ia Kenan's Mrs. Poskett in
"The Mtigistiate." The critics are uuanimous
in her praise.
Charles A. Bigelow tells a funny story
about one of the chorus girls in "The Girl
From Paris," who has been persistently and
Consistently !ate in reporting for duty'every
evening f<<r a week past, for which offense
she has been nightly reproved by the stage
manager. Finally E. E. Rice concluded
that it was time for him to discip
line tbe tardy chorister, and summon
ing the Rirl to his august presence
he sterniy inquired: "Now, Mi>s Blank, what
excuse have you for being late so often?" "'Well,
Mr R;ce, my clock teems to bu all wrong,
and whenever I depend upon it being correct
i; aluavs seems to get me here late." "Thai's
iota i:ood reason! Why -don't you get a good
cock?" "i have a good clock, sir, and yon
ought to know it." "What do you mean?
Win-re di-i you get it?" "Why, don't you re
member, Mr. Rice, it's one ot the clocks you
gave as a souvenir of the 150h penormance
of—" "That will do. my deiir,"' interrupted
Rice b a idy, "I accept your excu'.e, but don't
lei it occur njjain."
KEW TO-DA.T— AMUSEMENTS.
JB I ft A■•M n 1 Lust Performance*
HI fl/UK To-Pay, Matinee
HhWnfcflll I and Evening.
OF THE GREAT PLAY,
••SAINTS : AND : SINNERS,"
MONDAY. MARCH 1.
Anoth'r Winner! The Great Comedy Success,
"BY PROXY,"
By Charles Klein i sq.
A Brilliant Flay and Company.
George Owbcurne Hut-o Toland
Ade> Belc»rde May Buckley
Charles Wyngate X ance- Jo.l;)T»
>r> ct-s Powers K.ttle Belmonr
Gordon KoMcr trunk Clayton
John Arm trong Cbarles Bryant.
Our Kegular Prices! Telephone for seats Blacic99l
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUS2
Mui.KK.\LB]ixi Kkki.tni. Proprietor <fcManag«r
THE GILBERT AND SULLIVAN SEASON!
TO-NIGHT LAST TIME
C3-R,A.2SriD DOUBLE BIXjLjJ
Yon Suppe's Beautiful One- Act Operetta,
TUB LOVELY
"GALATEA"
AND
Gilber: A Sullivan's Esthetic Two-Act Opera,
"PATIENCE."
TO-MORROW EVENING,
"T!BCa3 3VTIKATJO!"
'•■THE
Popular Prices 25c and sOc
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
LAST MATINEE TO-DAY!
LAST PRBTOBHAMCK TO-NIGHT!
FAREWELL TO
SOUS A
Grand Popular Prograaimt.
KLIZABKTH NORTHROP Soprano
K.IK . ISA JOHNSTON Violinlste
Prices at Matinee— 75c and $1 00
Prices To-nletu— 6oc 75c $1 00 nnd $1 50.
MONDAY EVENING, MARCH 1.
CALIFORNIA THKATEIt.
ay of CASTE for the benefit of the Children's
Hospital and Armttace Orphanage, i icketi for
sale at California Theater.
MATINKK ( 10-IiAY) SUN">AY.
. Farquet, any S«a , 25c; Balcony, any Seat, 10c:
Children, i''c, any part. . .
BARNKY FA.A N and HENRIETTA BYRON,
Farce Comedians; THE KINNKYS. champion
swimmers; HAVES. LVTiON & HaYKS, In
"Caujille Up to Date." THe PANTZERs-. THE
HK.M'os: Ureas Lyric Stars, "uilxk. Assah
off. Miss Cottic and Miss Busch, etc
Concerts by the Hoy a. Hungarian Court Or-
chestra immediately after the evening perform- j
ance in the Orpheum Annex.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
I'BU'jUMitit, Uottlob&Co.. Les«ees.fcMntias9rs
EXTRA
Thursday Afternoon. March 4, at 3:30 r. if ,
• MIR!) SYUPHUSr CONCKKT.
55 Artists, under direction of Gustav iilnrlcbs.
Sn'oist.
trbb;stjljl,
The i>reat Soprano. . .
Brahms' bymnhony No. 4. Hansel & Gretel Fan-
talsle, etc. beats now on sale, 6Uc and $1.
BALDWIN THEATER. ,
February 28. "11 Tr >vatore," given by the
Italian Philharmonic Society, with the celebrated
Prlma Donna I la Valeria.
h rus oi forty voices.
Prices-$l, 75c. iOc
THE CHUTES.
SPECIAL- This Afternoon and Evening.
BRISTOL'S EDUCATED HORSES.
Last time In America.
f JOHNSON AND LUNOIN,
The Strongest Men In the World
"BUSCH, the "Golden Vampire."
BRESINO. Wire-Walker,
And a Host of Attractions on the Open-
air Stage, AnimatoKCope JKvery Night.
-^ BALLOON ASCENSION AT 4:30.
ADMISSION lOe. CHILDREN under 13
This Afternoon Free.
NEW AT— AMUSEMENTS. vv^_
annodncementTxtraordinary..
r
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
ALHAYMAK CO. (Incorporated), Propne.orj.
COMMENCING WEDNESDAY EVENING, MARCH 10.
BRILLIANT S A SON OF
OPERA.
FRENCH OPERATIC ORGANIZATION
Numbering over 140 people, selected from the beat companies and ocera-houses of *
Iran*. Lvor.s. etc., coming to San Francisco, direct from New Orleans (where they are
just comi>letin X a successful season of 12 weeks) complete in every detail ana possess-
ing a remarkable repertoire of over 40 operas.
NOTE— organization is not a traveling company. New Orleans is the only
other city in the United States in which it has "appeared. The music-loving citizens
of that Southern Metropolis subscribed a guarantee fund of $90,000* with which to
bring this company in its entirety from France to New Orleans for the brief winter
season there. No more complete an organization of its kind has ever been seen Here.
The present season of opera in San Francisco has been made possible through the
public spirited co-operation of a syndicate of thirty gentlemen, who haye arranged to
furnish the necessary guarantee of $40,000.
THEE COMPANY
Impressario— MONS. F. CHARLEY
Grand Tenors— NESTOR MASSART, H. PREVOST
Tenors— E. DEO, E. 3JANRICK
Barytones— HENßY ALBERS, LEON FREICHE, R. CHATEAU
Bassos— MARCEL ATHES, A. JAVID, GAUTHEIL
Comedians— LESPINASSE. GREVAIN V
Prima Donnas (Sopranos)— MME. FOEDOR, AIMEE PASCAL *■
Sopranos— MME. MARIHE BERTHET, MLLE. OBERTHY '' •
Contraltos— MME. MARTHE COMBES, MME. FREMAUX-BENATI
Comediennes and Character— MME. ANDREE SAVINE
MME. C. LAFEUILLADE, MME. BELLET
Grand Premier Danseuse— MLLE. DE CON SOLI
Premieres— DE BIAZI, MLLE. ROSSI
26 Ladies of the Ballet
GRAND CHORUS, ORCHESTRA AND CORPS DE BALLET!
Conductor-M. NICOSIAB Second Conductor-M. LELONG
Stage Director— M. BELLET
Director of the Ballet— D'ALLESANDRL
WEDNESDAY EVENING, MARCH 10 OPENING NIGHT.
H ji. _^duf fix fia wa S W^m 19 iB t» 19 Xr H a
TROVATORE.
Strong Cast, Grand Ballet Divertisement, Etc.
SPECIAL SOTE-Durlng the Entire Opera Season the Overture will begin at 7:50 and the Curtal*
will rise at a o'c'ock sharp. ' ■ "
Friday Evening, March 12, first time in years, complete presentation of Meyerbeer's
Saturday' Matinee.' March I&\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\".\*.\\" \* ■ w:: L ' AFK1 v a i
Saturday Evening """* '"Mls*o"ifi- ; i yktt
Tuesday. March 10 "*** sirUßn
Thursday. March 18 >OC£S DE ANN ITK and CAVALLJIiiA KUSTI AN A
Saturday Matinee, March 20 . L 1 iijiv •
Saturday Evening - ■..■.'.■.'.".". voyage OF suzktte
TUESDAY, Murcu 23 LES HUGUENOTS
To be followed by "Aida," "William Tell," "La Xavarraise," ••La Favorite "
•'dragons de VilllaB," Etc , Etc. "
PRIPFQ ■ Or «' lie«tr», Dress Circle and Front Rows Balcony. .. 83 OO
* »vl-g > Middle Row* Bnl-onv, S3 50; Other Kows Balcony "s2 OO
UaLURY (Reserved) SI 00. ■»* wu
Wi&^-SJkft""?? Sea o 8 fop tb Season of 30 Operas will open at the Box Office
ntuArsD.ii, Alarcn 3
Sale of S<-at« for single performance op«n« SATURDAY, March 6.
BALDWIN THEATER, )
EVERY EVEMNO AT 8 P. M. SHARP. SATURDAY MATINEE AT 2:15 P. M.
COMMENCING MONDAY, MARCH 1.
POSITIVELY ONLY TWO WEEKS MORE OF
JAMESA.HERNE
IN HIS OWN BEAUTIFUL PLAY OF AMERICAN HOME LIFE,
SHORE ACRES
Which is Acknowledged the Best Native Work Yet Produced.
THE SAN FRANCISCO PRESS UNANIMOUS IN ITS PRAISE.
YOU CANT AFFORD TO MISS SEEING THIS GREAT PLAY.
■ — PRieDLANDER,GOTTIOB&(2- LttoES 6; MANAGERS •••
A GREAT SUCCESS! SECOND AND LAST WEEK!
Of the KegularTourof Everybody's .Favorite Comedienne.
:f* a. ixr 3xr tt i=lxo:e2!
In the New Version oi the Latest and Greatest lAuehlng Success
MO » nd^D.SESDAV I SCREAMS OF LAUGHTER FRO3I START TO FINISH IX
NIGHTS," I "AT THE FR.SZO'CIX BAIjZj!"
SPECIAL Thursday. F^i.J»y, Saturday Sunday, and Sat. Mat.- T h« Latest
v j.xa.*j . Komantlc Comedy Fet to Music (first time here), time King Louis XV,
"A FXjOWER. G-IRIj OIE* PAHIS!"
Beautiful Cos ume«aml S ron^est Cast Ever Seen in Musical Comedy.
Mr. Francis Gaillßnt, Mr. Gt-orge Broderiek, Mr. John Conley, Mr. John P. Wilson, Mr Irank KJ
Morse, Mr. John S. lerry. Mr. i hsrles Drew, Miss Kate Jllchelena. Mr. Ralph Blcknell. Miss AlicA
Ualilnnl. Mr Alpx Hugo Mis-; Beetle halght an i nrniv others, including t»e YKLi uvi KID. I
MnDnCOA»O THIS AFTERNOON AND EVtNING,/
Ti/H~\'D f\^; f> r\9 C> ! THIS AFTERXOO> ANI> KYtNINC;, ■
IVIV/rivyOvyW O taut I'frrormancei of
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE I "10,000 MILES AWAY,"
WALTER MOIIOSCO... Sole Lessee and Manser. | With Its Fun and Excitement.
Commencing Monday Evening, March Ist
Initial Production in San Francisco of the Racing Comedy Drama
A Beautiful Play, Full of ' tartling Incidents and Amusing Situations.
REAL RACEHORSES!
R.E-A.Xj JOCKEYS !
REAL BLACK PICKANINNIES!
Songs and Dances ! | | Specialties ! | | Dances and Songs !
-. r^ ' HATIKKK TO-DAY AT 3
EVENING PRICES-lOc. 25c -n < 5O .— Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
INTERNATIONAL
TUG -OF -WAR
TOURNAMENT.
MECHANICS' PAVILION
FKBKUARY 27 TO MARCH 9.
10 NATIONS CONTESTING.
UNITED STATES, . CANADA. •
IRELAND, -SWEDEN/
(JtRMANY, FRANCE,
NORWAY, ITALY,
DENMARK, SCOTLAND.
All the Teams VV[|Pnll Each Sight.
ADMISSION ..! 50c
SEASON .TICKETS, S3.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
SUNDAY KVIXiM; « O clock
ADMISSION FKi E
Address on Christ's >cci>nd Comins;.
J. MES P. DAVE^rORT. Evangelist of Cath.
[ one Apostolic Church. Not second Adventism. >
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB
(NGLESIDS TRACK).
The only ieriect \\ inter Racetrac* m Amerlcv
1 mm RACING
Kacing From Monday, Feb. 1 -2.to Satur-
day, March .6, Inclusive.
Five or More Races Daily, Rain or Shino.
'-■■"■ I- iKST i.ACK AT 3 P. 31.
Take Southern riu'lHc traiin at Ihlr.t am
Towusend ats. depot, leaving as 1 and 1:20 p. v. *
Fare for Bound Trip, including Adi
mission to Grounds. a>1.03. ' ■ ■ . . . I
■J u.av Mi&iion-sc electric lino airect to rracs 1
The Met <fcChanloa White beat States" Moil.
day, Februa y 22. -m™.
lhe -cliieiber stakes Saturday, February 27 \
The Crocker Stakes Saturday. March 6
W.Si I.kakk. :-eCieLary. " v "
SUTRO BATHS.
FINK rKOGKAMM 
Grand Concert Every Sunday Afternoon.
General Admission, lOc; Children. So.THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SVMM.AKV OK THK Mji WlTrTll i
Loss in tank iciearlncs.
r Pecre:isei! .'sports of Wine.
Wheat and i.ar'.i 1 ;- dulL
Oats, Corn and live neglected.
Hay a;-;! Feeds! the same.
Beans very d«iU.
Jo. atoes and Onions unchanged.
lteceiptsol Asparagus and P.b.ubarb increasing.
1 o lei and « l . i-.a weak. " *"*
Kggs ire steady.
l'ou ,ry .ioivs demoralized
Game weaker.
Fiesh Frui:s about the same.
Dried Fruits, flat.
Provisions unchanged.
BANK CLKAKING3.
local bank clearings Iu St week were $8,855 193
>C«i»r $13,840,688 ior the seme wee" in 1896.'
For rUar ' "H?> were $ 44.90 =.405, agamst 553,
--monthi in f h cbru . ar7 « XSOtJ - For the fl"l two
a n inst £ia* £/■''■?* tllL ' y were •100.822.837.
1896 * 109 - *.« 3 J for the first two mouths of
PKODUCE r HA?7GK SALES.
Produce Exchange sales on call in February
were IfcS,3OJ tons Wheel and 13,500 tons Barley.
kxPORTS OF wink.
Kxports of Wine from fun Francisco In January
Jn^eiuSAw" 1101 " 1 agalDSt 2 7 31 ' 100 Galons
Explanation.
Tne arrow file* with the wind. The top neural
•t station indicate maximum temperature for .lie
•ays: those underneath It. If any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and hundredth*,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solki
Lues, connect. po!n s of equal air pressure; is-;- |
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. 1 lie
word "hlcli" rumens jii^h barometric pressure and
is übually accomDanied by fair weather: '-low"
refers to low press and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rain*.
"Lows" us ally fir-: appear on the Washington
coast. When the pressure is high in th» interior
end low along the coast, and the isobars extend
north and south aloof the coast, rain is proliable:
but when the "low- Is inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
.able. With a "high" in Hie vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather ma be expected :n summer and colder
Weather in wirier. The reverse 01 these condition*
inn **oJuc<_- anvpposlte result.
WEATHER BCBKAC KErORT.
Pw»sb States Hki-astm^nt op ■Agrtcct/
7--RK. Weather BtTBKAD. >an Feakcisco. Feb.
'-7.1897.5 p.m. The iol. owing are the rainfalls
for past 24 hours and seasonal rainfalls to date
as compare! with those of the same da-.e last sea
son:
1-urekathis season, last season 26.31. past
24 hours .00; Red Bluff 2JJ.56, last season H. 90,
past- 24 hours .CO; fcaiiKrancisco 1777, last sea
son 12.54, ;past24 hours .00; Fresno 8.33, last sea
son 4.09. past 24 hours. oo; .'-ail Luis Obispo 17.13
last season 12.25. past 24 hoars .00; Los Angeles
14.3:-!, las', seaaon 5.91, past 24 hours .00: .San
IJie^o P.:-:2, last season 4.44, past 24 hours .00;
Yura'a 4.72. last season .46. pa-t 24 hours .00.
-a:; FcancUco data— Maximum temperature 67,
minimum 47. mean 52.
Weaiber conditions and general forecasts:
A moderate barometric depression is central this
evening in Washington and British Columbia, and
a secondary depression is evidently forming in
soutnera Nevada ana . >outhe -stern California.
RHin has fallen throughout Washington and
cloudy weather extends southward along the coast
as far as Cape Mendocino. cloudy weather also
"prevails in Southern Calitornla.
I here has been a marked tall in pressure during
the past 12 hours in .Nevada, which is accom
panied by rising temperature and will probably be
followed by colder weather Sunday afternoon and
nigot.
The weather is somewhat unsettled throughout
the entire Pacific Slope region, showers are likely
to occur along the Northern Calhornta coast and
in the mountain region of Southern California.
iSnow is probable In Nevada and Utah Sunday
a:ght.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hoars,
ceding ut midnight, February 28, 1897.
Northern California — -showers on the northern
coast: partly cloudy elsewhere; cooler In east, por
tion Sunday; br«k westerly winds.
•Southern California — Generally cloudy, with
showers in tne mountains Sunday; brisk west
erly winds.
Nevada— lncreasing cloudiness, with probably
snow or lain Sunday night, commencing in • x
treme north poruon Sunday; colder in northwest
portion .Sunday afternoon; decidedly colder Sun
day night.
L' tan— Cloudy weather Sunday; probably snow
and colder Sunday night.
A rizon a— Generally cloudy Sunday, with rain la
tee mountains of north portion.
San Francisco and vicinity — Partly cloudy
bnudsy, but genera. ly without rain: probably
cooler Sunday night: Drislc westerly winds.
W. H. llamkun, Forecast UtliciaL
HKW IOBK MARKETS,
• Financial.
NEW YORK, K. y.. Feb. 27.— The tone of
the stock market was strong to-day and the deal
ings fairly active. Lake Snore was again' a feat
lure, aud rose to I6l s /i. closing at 16iVs and 1(55
1 asked. In the industrial group Sugar was notably
■strong, moving up to li7s/g. Omaha common,
I Chicago Gas, St. Paul, Roc* Island and North-
Vestern all sold at the Deal figures of the week,
ana were in demand at the advanca. The bank
statement showed a conractioj of $1,137,900 in
loans, a g* " o: .s.',- 29.700 in cash, and an increase
of 51.09H.700 in deposits. Surplus renervo In
creased »;, 856,026, and the banks now hold
*f,7.447,<i73.ii;.iin5t .15:) .11 1»9«. Jin 1 .*.-,
--■051,500 in 18v-o. Speculation loiei strong wj h
1 r. es anywhere from it 10 1 per cent above Fri
day's c oHi.u;. Total sa cs were 85,894 sli»re*.
'ihe I orid marie; was linn to-day. i<-s asgre
gat-d *7ol,';0:;. tor li Worth and Klo Gtauae
firsts rose 1. Kings Count}- Elevated firsts. 1;
Loulsvi l«, New Aiuftny and Chicago general Jives,
y 2 : Jersey Central genera rivei, i/i: 1 rc^on Short
Line corjbOildaled ... \v at-r.own
and Ogd-usburg couao.ida i/ a aud WibCOniin
Ceiural firsts. V*.
in Goverumeut bonds coupon fives sold at 113%
(g,> l'o'/u- and coupoa fours uf 19i6 ..t 128.
Grain, •
FLOUIt — Dull, steady, uncnaugeJ. Winter
■wheat, low grades, $'J HV&4 30: falr'to fancy,
t .-'. 45@4 00; do patents, *4 6<j(a.!>: Miunesota
c ear 53 60fcS3 95; Co straights, $4 25 (a.l :-.b: do
patents, $4 10@4 85; low t-xii'mt. S'J bl»(i3 30;
C.ly .Mills. £4(a-l 90: do patenis, $4 feo ( asus: Kye
mixture. $- 9u((J,3 tO; superfine, $^&3 BO; fine,
tl Otjft- -'• . _
Southern flour, <ju et. unchanged. Common to
extra, $3 UO&3 50: i;ood to i-holce. *:■! 61/(^4.
i.ye flour, quiet, steady, at ft s(>!a,i! 85.
"JOIiMIKAL — Dun, steady. Yellow, fl 75@
1 85.
it YE— Dull. firm. Western. 37% c. i. '.. Buffalo.
. AKI.KV— Du-1, firmer. I'eediii^, 2t>%<&34cc.
!v;°-^pot market dull, firm; f. o. b, 88y 8 c:
en ; rade<l. 74@89c: Na 1 Northern. 84C/sc.
1 ptlons opened firm and advanced »MdVi|C, Jell
s ,«'g,V Be,8 c, closng s«.e*dy at uncbauxed pikes May
FUiAKCIAL.
Chicago grain, provisions
I AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
" WHEELOCK & CO.,
4 Leideedorff St. Tel. Main 1954.
C KN THAI. OFFICIt
C2S Market St., Palace Hotel. Pur & Atkinson,
\- ZiansLxers. Tel. Main 5144.
' Uptown C?Hic«— Baldwin Hotel (adjoining Grill
. Koom). Tel. Main lo»J.
PURDY. ATKINSON & CLAPP. Manajrere.
Orders instantly executed on latest market qno>
lations. .Reference Ist .National Bank. H F.
cvtCA^u rta\Ai* WiUii. XKYf YUttK.
and July most active. No. 2 red, March, 80 vie;
A rli. KO*%c: May, 79" C : June. 893/ 8 ; : July.
7Si,4c: Se ,e-übr. 75a,{i-.
CORK— DuII, firm. .no. 2, ZSCgO elevator, 2»6<sc
allon : low nii.xt'il. 2314 c.
Options dull, firm at unchanged price* without
future* Mar and July aiost traded in. May,
•~9:<gC. July, 33% c.
HOTS- Dull, st-adv. Option"! easier, dull. May,
-1 » vr. Spot prices: No. 2. axVjc: No. 2 white, 'ii*
@'^3y a c: No. 2 Chicago, 221/jc; No. 3, 20c: -No. 3
whiles 2SCC; mixed Western, j9;a-3c; white do 21
@30c.
Provisions.
LARD— Qaet; about steady. Western steam
94 25; city, S3 95; .May. U4 37. Refined duiL
Continent. *4 45; south American, $4 65; com
pound 4(C,-i I
i'OKK— Quiet, steady. New mass. $8 25«58 75.
M" rTh:. — Quiet: choice s'.taiy Western
creamery, 13<il'.tc; do factory, igla^i; i:i
pins. 19c: imitation creamery. lOlglJ'oc; rolls. 8
(2,1 "c
CHEESE— Quiet; firm. Part skims, s&9i,:>c;
full skims. :-@»%c.
KGGb— Quiet, icehouse cases, $'-'@2 75; West
ern fresh, 163 4 c.
1A 1. .. .v - yulet; firm. City, 3iyi@3Vkc; coun
try. i >«»:■< Vs- - ™* vo
COT i ONSKED OlL— Quiet: steady. Crude. 20@
-OVpc: yellow prime, 2»v»@24c.
KlCK— Firm; good demand. Domestic, 3%@
6c: Japan, 4^c.
M<jUA*t«Ki»-steady. New Orleans, 58@30c.
COFFER— steady; unchanged to 5 points down.
March, »9 05@9 10: Jul.-. $9 20; September,
$9 25: tuber. $9 28; Decemoer, $9 SIS. . Spot
Klo. iltjll: steady; >"o. 7. 96 8 0. f
MUG Alt — lull. iff a, 3 15-16@4 l-16c
V Ib; mold A, 4yß<\- stand .id A. 43/ c; confect on
ers A, 414 c: cut loaf, s c; crushed, ac; powdered,
4<&C; granulated, 43. 5 c; cubes, 4. r-.sC
i ruit and Produce.
COTS- Bags. He.
} r Aim ■>— Unpeeled. bags, 5 £9?; do Peeles,
boxes l-3^,@lsc
PRUNi.:s-Four sizes, 4 3 ii
RAJSINfc— Two crown L. M., 3*4e; three
crown, ai/ic; four crown, 6S6Vic; London layers,
SI 35©1 -.j; clusters. $1 40($l 75.
A MONDS— soft shell. 7»i@9c; paper shell,
10«il2c.
.WALNUTS— Standard, 7c; do soft shell, 9c.
Merchandise.
HOPS— Quiet: Pacific Coast. 4@l3c.
WOOL — Moderately active. Fleece, 16@23c;
pulled. Ife(jj2lc; Texas 7(£l.'c.
J Ji-I i: i >.\ — null, unchanged.
COPPKR— Firm. Lake. • 12.
UAD-Firm. Domestic »8 30@3 87^.
1 i.N - Kus .■; Straus, 913 50«ll3 60; plates,
fairly active, steady.
&J.-KLI EX— Dull. Domestic. 94@4 10.
CUICAoO .MARKETS.
CHICAGO, 111.. Feb 27.— There was little
In the wheat market for either buyers or selle s
this morning. Trade was in an apathetic condi
tion, with prices confined to a narrow range, the
Kencrai average being a trifle over yesterday's
close. An advance of iid at Liverpool and light
Argentine shipments for the week were the firm
ing factor;. American shipments from both
coasts fir the week were 1.372.000 bushels. This
wa-t » discouraging f ature adit had a tendency
to check the demand. .Receipts at Chicago were
light at 10 cars, and 42,343 bushels were with
drawn from store. The .Northwest received 230
cars, against 301 last February and 290 a year
ago.
Clearances at Atlantic |.->rti were fair at 299.
--429 bushels. Closing Parts an 1 Berlin cable* were
lower. Antwerp was unchanged. A moderate de
nn.nl developed near the close, shorts exhibiting
an inclination to cover. Prices th -n advanced to I
the best point of the day. when they rested. May
wbeoi opened from 74i4cto 74S/ B e, sold between |
73T b @74c and 7-1i'2@746/ 8 c;, closing at 74^*,c, Vi@
!</ B chl.:her than yesterday. Estimated receipt* :or ':
Sniii.i«y 16 cars. No 2 spot, r d wheat, ranged
f :o:n to B4c O 8-1 l ac, closing ahout 84Vie.
( ORN— Was more than usually null. 'i he tradine
whs confined to a few small lots and the range of
prices during the nrst hour was but one-sixteenth
of a cent. The tone was fa:rly steady, however,
yesterday's closing figures being maintained. Ke
ceipts were 49 more cars than expected, and 65,892
bushels were withdrawn from store. The exports
from bj!h coasts for the wee*. 4,744,000 bushels,
were lar^e, but not up to those of .ast we-^k. Argen
tine shipments were light at -4, c(X> bushels. Ex
por;s clearances at Atlantic ports a, v:rei:ateil
1,105..' 07 bushels. May corn cpeue lat 23% c,
sold between 'j;»: ; 4 <ij:-!" and 23 yjj@«24c, closing
at the latter, unchanged from yesterday, i-.sii
m.itca receipts for Monday, 30u cars-
OATs— 'lhe only notable incident in oats was a
sale of about 2U0.0U0 bushes by a floor trader,
with the evident intention 01 depressing prices.
The buying was scattered and of small lots. The
feeling corresponded with that exhibited by wheat
and corn. Kecripu were 191 cms There weie j
no withdrawals from store. K.vnort clearances !
were 5820 bushel?-. May oats c o.e-i a shade :
under yes.erday. Estimated receipts for Monday
260 an.
FLA Was steaay. Cash No. 1, 75% c; North
ester 77Vic; May, 77(g»7. ' c; Juiy, 79c bid,
79V2C. asKed. Receipts, bb cars.
l',.i iVl.sloN>— Th« m?jor p r: ion of the trade
in provisions took place at me ":»-ri!iig. Prices I
sboweu but unimportant alteration from ester- j
day, a steady tone j)re<:oniin.i:.n.-. rive ceu » ad
vance in hogs hail » beneficial effect. May pork
closed (ircliiuiccO. May lard 5c lo <er and May !
ribs a shade higher.
i.L'TTHK- The butter murfcn was quiet and
featureless to-day. Offerings were quod a id buyers
were disinclined to take hold.
Creameries— txtras. 18c: first*. H@l7c: sec
onds, 14@15c; imitations, fancy, i3@l4c Dairies
—Extras, 16c: firsts. l4folftc. seconds. 9<tfioc.
Laules— Extras, lliflil.C: hrsts. fc; 2 VaC; packing
Mock, be; irrtase, ■z^-^'ic; ron outier. l\stG)lOy c.
E(»Q: — West lire ipts were heavy anJ laige
rortion of m>-m were not strictly fresh. Fresh.
stoc<, 14@14i-jjc ~t dozen.
MONK V - Was -IKs'^X on call and 6% on time
loans. New Yoric excn^ngesold at 55c discount.
Closing Price*.
WHEAT- Her, 74l«r<v July, 72V4@7254&
CORN— Februt rr. 223/ 8 @22^0; ' May, '^3"/«@
24c; July. 25@2 V B c.
OATs- February, 15*/iC; May, 16X @17c; July,
17". Be.
, loith-May, $8 10: July. ?8 2a
URD-JUy. S4 07%: Ju.y. «4 17^.
•hJßis-May, $4 20; July, $4 27' 2 .
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, lix. Feb. 27 —The
receipts of cattle this month were only 180,1.'.0
heal against 190,147 in the same month last year,
and the receipts for the first two months of 1897
are much smaller than those of recent years, be-
Ing 184.350 less than during the corresponding
period In 1892. The quality of the offerings has
been poorer than ever before, and prices rued
rai her low, though much higher than the abnor
mally ow prices of a year ago. Most kinds are
selling .-.bout a dime lowvr than a week ago, and
heavy cattle h»ve not sold so well the iasi lew
d.-ys on account of the smaller demand from ex
porters, and the dv 1 condition of the Eastern
markets. The feellug was steady to-day, only a
handful being on sale
The February receipts of ■ hozs were about
710.000, making 1,474,000 for the first two
months of the year, an increase of 204,000 over
the same period last year, but 191,000 less than
in January and February 1895. Hogs sold ail ,
right this week and packers paid a further advance
of 2Vi to fie per 100 pounds to-day with the view
of bringing in a big suppl/ on Monday.
Fewer sheep are coming to this market than a
year ago, the decrease for the first two months of
Ib9t> being about 26,000 head. There is an active .
demand aud prices are strong. Quotations were
not essentially changed to-day.
CATTLlC— Receipts. 300. Fancy beeves, $6 IS
(ib 35; choice to pr.nie sen, S3 Bu«s 10; cojd
to choice steers, $1 40@4 75; medium steers.
$4 05@135: fair beef steers $380@l00; com
mon beef steers. $3 &o@3 75: good to prime stock
ers a>i l fe;er<. $3 *jf<ii 15: common 10 good
do, S3 00*1 85: bulls, fair to cnoice, 92 25
(a.- 75: do poor .o choice, $ i 35@3 60; cows and
heifers, choice to prime. $/S70(g>110: cows, fair
to choice, *2 65(g>H 66; do common to fair canners,
SI 75<a@2 tO; calves, cood to fancy. ?5 75@8 -5:
do common to gooa, $1 '£ .">©.» 50; 'iexas tel sieers,
lair to choice. ?:■( SO® 4 20: Texas cows, bulls End
oxen, *2 '•!!>£ 3 50; milkers ana suringeis, per
head, $^5@5U.
HoGS-Kecelpts. 25.000. Heavy packing and
shipping lots, S3 I'tQi'A 6. >: common to choice
mixed. S3 45&3 I,^:1 ,^: cncice assorted, $:> 65@
8 76; light. 93 55@3 l2y ; pigs, *3 3U©3 70.
bHKfcP— Receipts. 2vOU. Inferior to choice,
$2 ftli(3.4 25; iauibs, $3 60 45 10.
I Kecripts at Omaha.
FOOTH OMAHA. Nub,, Feb. I>7.— HOOS—Re
ceipts. 5400. Market stronger. ■ Lieut and mixed.
53 :i5(3;3 52 Va; heavy, S3 40®3 45.
CA'iTLK — neceipts. 80u. -Market steady.
(Steers,' $•* 50@4 50; tows, $1 50&3 50; feeders
<3 2b.
sHhliF- llecetpts. 1300. Market firm. Lambs
*4 60.
MiTV YOKK STOCKS.
Bonds. li'xchaugo, Money and Railroad
Shares.
Money I^l%* l'rt«e mercantile paper
8$;. Ear silver, 64<j<&. Mexican dollars, 60% c.
hurling exchange steady, with actual business in
ban* • Dills at $4 85@4 85y 4 for 80 days and
54 87@4 H7V*.tor deniauu. hosted Mies, $4 Bl@
4 88. commercial bi.ls. $4 »3V <«4 f4i, 2 . Govern
ment bonds strong: Mate bonds dull; railroad
bonds flan- Sliver neglected.
CLOrISO STOCKS.
AW T« * <**•.« «&■ orlh American... 4«/ 8
Atchlson 14% -Northern Pacific.. 14Vs
pTcfVrred :. -3 3 -» j>r ferreJ 3 »<4
Adams Express... -Northwestern 105Vj,
• non Terre Haute 66 I Preferred......... 154
American J-.xr.resslJi»Mi N V Central 931/*
American lobacco /6 V* >• V Chicago*.-,! L 11*4
Preferred ....•">« I Ist preferred 70
Bay Mate «»5..... HV* Yd preferred. 23 V a
Baltimore * Ohio.. 15 NYA .N H. ...... .173^9
Brunswick Land*. % X V 4 New Kng... 87
Buf.«Io, Roch &P. lb»i XV. Susq * W.... 8»/*
Canada I'acltlc 541 /i Preferred 24*4
Canada bouthera.. 45"/4 Ontario lU»/4
Canton Land 60% ; 'Dtano & Western 14^,
Central Pacific l" s /i UresonJmprovmnt— .
Ches Ohio 1 7 V* Prete-red
Chicago A1t0n. ...: ltii> Oregon >nTii;atloa 14
Preferred 17JS Oregon r-non Lino. 15*4
Clncaeo, B Q.... 7&^i l«clHc Mai! 2bVt
Chicago <& X 111.... «'-' lVona. J)<t Kvam '1
Preferred ..... PS PJitsbur? A W ufd. 15
Ciiii apo Gas 76% man Palace.... 156 V«
C!ev»«4fc I'HtsourK. Quicksilver 1
Consolidation Coal. 33 | Preferred M
Consolidated Gas..l&^% | Keadine 24%
CCC& StLoaia... 27%!U|oGrande<feVVestn J2
Preferred.. 75 i referred..". 38^
Colo Kuei & irca.. ai^|RocK Inland n ...... 67 3 /*
l>reterred .-• BO |RomoWat<tOcden.ll7i/i
Cotton O I CMC.... ; BtL*s\V Mi
Commercial Cable. 160 Preferred lOVi
Ue1HuU60n........107 1 A1^tr»tt1.. ........... 76%
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1897.
Del tjick&Westrn. 1533,^, Preferred 183
l!envcr <t R G lOVj'St Paul <& Dnlutn.. 18 ■
Preferred 41 j Pre:erred 86
Distillers. — Ist Paul & Omaha.. biV-,
General Klectrlc... K6 | Preferred I^BV*
trie 14>,<.|St t' M A M 1J«
Preferred . : Si 1 /* Silver Certificates. 64*4
Fort Wayne ib* Southern Pacific. 14V*
Great Nor'.hurn Dfdl2o (Southern X X ....„ 9
Ureen Bay — i Preferred !K%
Harlem 293 Sugar Keflnery l-7»»
Hocking coal. 4 ! Preferred 103
Hockin? Valley... 4 I Ten a Coal A; Iron.. ::«Vs
Homestake 35 ; Preferred fcO •
H & Texas Central ! Texas Pacific 9Vi
Illinois Central.... 93 Tol A A <fc N Mich.—
icwaC'-ntrai H"a loi Ohio «fc Central 15
Preferred 2.> 1 l'r«lerred 60 .
Kansas & Texas... IS . |Tol &i Louis Jt X 0 &':■
Preferred 30 V4 Preferred 18V«
Klncstouvt Perm.. 3 ICnion Pacific 7"«4
Lake Erie A Westa 16^'U P Den & 1iu1f. ... 7 /»
Preferred 6oVi L' *• Cordage. —
Lake Snore IUVVj*" i' referred...-. —
National Lead 23 : Va| Guaranteed —
Preferred VOS > V 8 J£x Dress 35
JLonc lslan-1 .. 4tf L :h Leather........ 7%
Louisville* Nash. 6iy 8 ! Preferred..} . 09**
Louisville, Aioay V* U B Rubber 20 3 , i
Preferred IV4 Preferred..., 72
Manhattan C0n.... BJ»y* I'llca A 1» River.. .l6o
Memphis A Ctiarti 15 WaU bL * Pacific. 6V4
Mexican Centra... 8 Preferred l-^Va
Michigan Central.. 92 Wells-Fareo. 99
Allan <SsSL Western Union.... biS'A
' I'referred — Wisconsin Central. IVi
Uinn«fc st L com.. 18»4 Wheeling <t L X... lVa
Ist preferred 77 | Preferred 61/8
I'd urt-tirred 451/21 Am Cotton Oil pM. 65Va
Missourt Pacific... 21 iW U Beef B 3 /*
Mobile i Ohio 21 Ann Arb0r......... 9
Nashville <t Cbntt. 67% Preferred -'5
National Linseed.. Ik Brooklyn Traction. -'OVj
N J Central 96»i|Krle 2d prd. 19
Norfolk & West rn. American «pinu.. 14%
JVrelerrea ltfV4> Preferred 84
CLOSING ros-DS.
AlbCliirs a 4«. 104 Northern Pao Ists. lls*4
Do Class B 4. 6s. 10414 • Do 2d«. 668/,
Alabama, class C. ;8 Sds.  88
Atehison <s b2B/ Do c0n501e5......
lH)2ds A -. 4714 Or lmprovuiut Isu 85
Canada south Sds. 107 V a i Do 6s ... 18
Cen Paclstsot'S6.— oR & X Ista. ....113
Cherokee 4s. 1896 Do con sol 5s .—
Do 1897 100 Oi Short Line 05...117
I>olß9H 100 Docodsol 76
Do 11399 100 Pacific 6so.' "97....
Ches&Obio 65.... HO I'hlla <£ Heading 4s tSIV»
Ch<tN PT'r Rets 42»/ 8 Do Ist pfd In com. 443 4
D C 8-665. 11914 !< GrandeWestlsw 7BVi
Den & X G Ist 11184 M LAlrouMlUeusi
Do «» 88i 4 st LA tis..lllVs
Erl^ 2d.5... 65T /8 Paul Consols. ... 132^
itW&DenCltylsU st< >t.l' C 4 Pa lsta ..117
GH* 8 a «s. 100 |So Carolina 4y,5... 106V4
,, I>o2d7s. <-6 Southern li 05. .. 9 » J /4
Oen Klec Deb 65... 9ii | Do Pac Cai Ists.. 10 7
it & lex Cent 65... 1 OS 2 Ten 11 new 3s. 78
Do con 65.. ....... 104 (Texas Pac 1 5i5..... S^',
lowa Central lgu.. 94i'o lexas Pac 2d*. . 21^
Kansas Pa Consols 76y* Union Pac lacs 98 104 La
Jj«su Divl ltii /2 li 84s reg of 1925. 12J"
La Cousol 4s. Ati Do -I.*, coupon li."' 7
Missouri funding...—. V B4s reg or 19o'f.llO»i
Mi.T2ds- 60 Do<s. coupon.... 113
**»<« b*V4 Do2s 96V»
Mobile Ohio 45.. 68 Doss. Reg 'lif£
Mutual Union 65..110 Do 6s. coupon" 113 7
N J Cent Gen 55...116V2 V» funding ueot. . 6"Vs
N YC&StLouls4slosV* Do registered..... .
a or A West Gen 6sll'O Do deferred tJs
N Carolina con 4s. 102 Do trust rcptsipd «
Does 122 " Wabash Ist 65..... 10714
NortuwegtCoDsols. 140% West ouuiu da l^uVa
ijyrnvu 6a HIV*
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHEAT IX LIVERPOOL.
LIVERPOOL. Esq., Feb. 27 The spot market
is quiet and lower at 6s 6V«,d. Cargoes are lower
at »2s l%d, sellers, prompt shipment.
in 1 mi
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Bed Winter: March;
6s ls^d; May, 6s 3y 2 d: July. 6s 3V*d-
BKCfBITIES.
LONDON, Eve., Feb. 27. — Consols, lllVfci
silver, 29 11-16 d; French Rentes, 102f 90c.
. . i_
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 86*4
bleriinit Exchange eight — 4 gss t
Sterling Cables _ 4 89
New York Exchange, sight '."' — "5
New Yor^ Exchange, telegraphic. — 27V4
Fine silver, per ounce — 645/«
Mexican Dollars — 61Vg
•
PEODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND LXHKB GRAINS.
WHEAT— The market sill lacks life and both
shippers and mi.lerj demand coacesslous from
sellers. Quoted at $1 25@1 32% » ell for com
mon grades, SI 35 ?* ctl for average No. I, $1 361/4
& ctl for choice and $1 4U(a;l 45 V ctl for exira
choice milling.
CALL BOARD BALKS.
IsroBMAL Session— 9:l6 o'doclc— May— l2.ooo
ctls. *1 31%.
Skco.nd >kssion— May - 4000 ctls, #1 32V4:
6000, *1 82%. • • .
Ki-'.ii.ak iUOBNiNO "-Kssinv— May— 2ooo ctls,
51 :--'U: 48.-000, U »2a/ 8 : 14,000, «1 32Vi. De
cember—4ooo, SI 1 7 1. 4 . -000. $1 *7V»
BARLr — i'rtces --now no orange, either on or
off call, feed, 7;<ya@77i/sC * ctl; Brewing. 87V*
@92Vic» «
■ ATI. BOARD BALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clocK— No sales.
Second >kssiok— May— 4iOJ ttls, 73V 8 c; liOUO,
73V*c. Uecembe — 2000, 78>4c.
I:ki.i'Uß Mokniso .~eßsion— No sale*.
OATb- ea>r« report a ruotiontess market. Mill-
Ins, $1 26@1 40 V cv: Fancy Feed, *1 37V%@1 15:
Common White, tl(a.l 10; good to Choice, *1 ir>^
1 36, according 10 quality; BUck tor feed, H.» (a,
si 05; for sc.l. $1 10®l 25 ; tir»y, 51 1W). 3u;
Ked, 81 lO@l 20; -surprise. $1 44©i 50 fl cv.
CORK— were co arrlva.s irom the East
yesterday. The murlcet continues very quiet.
Larg- Yellow. 75@77ViC; Small Hound do, 90,$
9.*« c: White, 75@80c t* ctl.
KYE— Dull and »n; at 85fi|87y..c f^ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at f 1 l&^l 25 i» ML
FtOIR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras,
84 85@4 95: Bakers' extras, $4 75@4 hi; Super
fine *4@4 :ay. bbi.
COK.NMk.AL ETC-Feed Corn, «17@17 50;
Cracked Corn, *17 60©18 >. ton.
JIILLSTUFFo— Prices la sacks are t» follows,
usual discount to the trade: Graham Hour, $.2 85
V 100 lbs: Rye Flour, » - 7,5 %* 100; Rice Flour,
$5 75; Cornmeal, .f "J(g,2 26; extra cream do, 92 75;
uutmeal, *3 50; Oat Groats, 94: Hominy. 83 10
I (§,3.10; Buckwheat Flour. $3 i.V:u,n 50: Clacked
j Wheat. $3 60: Farina, $4; Whole Wheat Klour,
$8; Rolled Oats (bbls). (5 60@5 90; Pearl Barley,
f.i 7h(a4: split leas, *3 60; Oreta do, <4 25 *
I 100 lbs.
HAY ANI» FEEUSTUFFS.
BRAN— ?I2'BO@I3 for the best and til 50@12
V ton for outside brands. -
MIi>l)I,IN(;s-$i8@l9 for lower grades and
$19 50@20 60 ft ton tor the best,
KKtDsTUKFS — Rolled Birler, $17@17 60;
OI cake Meal a; the mill, $26 DO '?■ ton; jobbing
$27 50; clipped Oats. $1 30 ($1 50 & ctl.
HAY — Wheat, $8^11: Whoa: and Oat, $7®
10: Oat, $6@9. Barley, 87G48 60: River Barle.
*s(iu 50; Alfalfa, f6(gi7 60: compressed. $&&
V £.<»: stock, $5«c6; 1 lover, »«®8 '?. ton.
STRAW— 2S&SOC fi bale.
BEANS AM) ,SKKI>S.
Offerings of Beans are free, but trade lsdn'l.
Eeeds are nominal, there being no business.
BEANS — Bay os, *1 50(gil 65 V ctl: Smail
Whites, $1 10(g,l 26 ~<fr ctl; < Large Whites, «1 10®
1 25; Tins. «1 10@l 25: Reds, $1 10..41 20;
Blackeye, $1 26661 35; Red Kidney, ?•_• 25; Limas,
81 B«(al 85; Butters, $1 25®1 40; Pea, Cl 100
1 M. ■ •
HEEDS— Brcwn Mustard, $2 60(^2 75: Ye low
Mustard. 81 75®2 %> ctl: Flax. fl"3sfail 40: Ca
nary ><-<>d, l s /4@2i/4C t* 1b: Alfalfa, «)i/ic; Rape,
21 .»;<t2B/i<:; Hemp, ac: Timothy, 4y»c.
DRIKu PEAS— Nlles. »1(*1 20 ft ctl; Green,
$1 40@l 60 ii CU.
POTATOES, OMONS, VEGETABLES,
Receipts of Asparagus and Rhubarb are slowly
Increasing. No change 111 Potatoes and Onions.
POTATOES— New aloes. 3Vij@4cf» lb; Sweet
Potatoes, 75accordlnetoqnalltr: Early Rose.
70@.80c; River i.eds, 70<$80c: Hurbank Seedling.
65(0>70c ft ctl for Rivers, 90cfa$l 10 for Salinas and
titra,SJc lor Petalumas; On-goa JJurbanks, 7550
81 10. ;..-,..:
ONIONS— SI 60@l 65 9 ctl; Cut Onions, 60c3
$1 26; Orecoos, $1 7 .•■©.•.
VKUrIAKI.Ks- 1 »<4: Plant, 10c * Ib: Hothouse
Cucumbers. 60c(35l 25^ doz; Asparagus 10(<^i5c
V lbior common and 2u(jsSUc for choice: Rhubarb,
trl t<o@2 60 ft box; Los Angeles Summer xjuush,
bomtn<il; Los Angeles Green Prppers, Ss^76c:
Jiusiiroomi are not, worth quoting; Marrowfat
Squash. Tt(gi7 *i ton: Los Angeles Tomxtoes, 60c@
Bi26%tbx: Mexican Tomato* $I@l 25; Driea
Pepper*, 7c fi !h; Green Peas, ?,(q,t>c fl Ib; I.ob An
gelea siring Benns, 7@loc. lined Okra. Bf«9c «*
lb; Cabb»Ke, 40,ar>0o t* ctl; Carrots, -s(ft.b'^c M
sack; Garlic, i /a (£2c * tb.
liVTTEit, l ill 1. -I AND EGGS.
BUTTER— The market, for all descriptions Is
weak. /
i bkamery— Fancy creameries, 20c » Tb; sec
onds, 17($18< V it-.
Dairy— Fancy rolls or squares, 15@16c » tt>;
ooa to choice, .13® 14c: lower grades. 10@12V 9 <-.
PiCKLE»-13<ai4c * ior old and 16c lb for
new.
Firkin— li@l4c » tt> for old and 15c * Ib for
new.
creamery Tub— l6®l7c V- It)
CUKEsE— The tendency litdecid*dly downward,
as stock* are large. choice mild n»-w Is quotable
at b@9c 'v tb: common 10 good, 7(<t7VaC- Cream
Cheudar, 1 lfg,l2c Young America, S&10C V
lb; Western. Hfcl'Jc; astern. H(al4i j,c.
EGG<S— There is no further aerlinr. blocks are
large. Ranch I gtts. 12(A13c; store Eggs, 10@llc
> doz; Duck Eggs, 14®15c. W
I'OI'LTKY AND CAME.
POULTRY— With five cars of Eastern expected
this week the outlook for home stocit is discourse
lE. /
Live Turkeys. 13@14 9 Ib for Gobblers, 13(u114c
ft Ib lor Hens: Dressed Turkeys, 15@17 %> lb-
Oee*e. "$ rair. $1 ottol 75; Gosilnis, *2 50©3:
Ducks. *4 r»()(<xs 50 icr olu and $6@7 for young;
■ .11 .-.. 43 :O«i %<• ( "'- : Roosters. youn ■.-. 83@5 60:
do, oil, $3 i>o@4; >ryer*. f s;dis 50: JBrollers. 84 50
tgi'i lor large vi.d Bii@4 tor small; Pigeons, 9V&
a £0 9 doz for young 1: 11 i 1,-0,1 25 for old.
GAME— English (snipe, $- 004J3 V dozen: Jack
Snipe, ; U»re, 7ic; Rabbits, f 1 so for Cotton- ;
tails and $125 for small; Gray Geese. 92 50©3:
White Geese, f1; Brant, 91 50; Honkers. $4.
DECIDUOUS AND CIIRUS FRUITS.
Prices for all kinds remain abou: the same.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 91@1 35 * box for choice, $1 50© I 60
for fan y. 60(39 Jc for common.
CIIRUs FRUITS— NaveI Oranges are quotable
at 91 76@v: 75 * box: Seedling.., 75c@fl 25 > bx:
l.eiiions, 5 'c<ft*l for common and 91 26® 1 50 for
good to choice; .Mexican Ltmes.94 -o@s; California
Limes. 75c&$l 25: Bananas, $I^2 %i buach;
Pineapples, 9J@4 V* doz.
DRIED FRUITS. it A I INS. NUTS. tTC.
Business continues perfectly flat.
DRI.-D FitUlTS— Quotations on the Fruit Ex
change are nominally as follows:
Cabload Lots— Apricots, 6@90 for Royals and
lHj&l-Jc for choice to fancy Moorparks: Prune-..
2»i@3c for the 4 sizes: Peaches, 4^6 for
prime to choice. lß^@7e for fancy and
B@loc for peeled in boxes: Apples. baa
6V» C for. evaporated and -. @2y 2 c for sun- tried;
Pears, 2^©sc lor prime to choice, 4@siAc for
quarters and 6@ti^|C for haves: Plums. 4c for
pitted and iy 2 u for unplttMl: Nectarines, 3i<j@
4i/2 c *° r chone and fti^c for fancy : White Flea.
8c; Back Figs. 2y4@2%c. * '
■ Jobbing J'ricks— Peaches, 4vc(gsy-.c ft ]b:
ftney, eVa®?^ ** ttv. peeled. 12i^o 9ft Apri
cots, 6%"." %< K>: lauc*. 10c: Mooipar»«, lv@
13c: evki>orai»-d app es, sS.ic; sun-diled, 4 fdl3i.';
Prunes. 3i4(43yjC forme 4 »izes: Figs, black, 3c lor
nnprrssed and 3(0.3^c for pressed; wlilte Figs. 4c;
P. urns. 4Vz@sc for pitted and l^c for unpl tied;
Nectarines, ifjidc %1 Ib for prime 10 fancy: Pears,
•.'^@sc for whole, 4 Vi&s Vie for quarters and 4y a
(O.ti'-gc for halvei. -, . <■•» -
RAISIN —
Cabload Prices — Four-crown, loose. 5S' 8 c:
three-crown, 4S»c "^ Ib; (wo-cro\rn, 3V,c It Ib;
seedlt-ss Sultanas. 6V3C; seedless Muscatels, 43/ 8C ;
three-crown London layers. 91 15; clusters, 91 .SO:
l<ehesa clusters. $2 60; Imperial clusters, 93;
dried drapes. 'Ac j* tt).
Jobrino -Sah Fbaxcibco— Four-crown,
loose, 51ic: 3-ciown, 43^c; 2-crown, 3-^4c; seed
less Sultanas, • > :! * r; seedless Musca.eis, 4y»c;
3 crown London layers, 9125: clusters, $1 90;
Dvhe^a clusters, $2 75: Imperial clusters, 93 tB,
N UTS— chestnuts quotable at 8@10c; Walnuts
6> 3 (a.7c V Ib for standard ana b'4, l J "?* Ib for
sof.siiPll: Almonds, •*(^6VjC for LangJedoc, 3C<d
3V^c for hardsell -nd B^9c fi Ib for papers 1 ell;
Peanuts, I'tiii: (< Ib for Kustern and 4c ior Cali- j
fornia; Hickory Nuts 6@6c tt>; P. cans. 71/1®
8c V, Ib: Gilbert!, 7iA@Bc: Brazil Nuts, 7i-i- ft ßc;
Cocoanuts, *5®5 £0 V .00.
HonKV— Comb, 10@lJi^c for bright and s@9c
for lower grades; water-white extracted. s@sv*c:
light amber racial. 4i /2 @-18ic: dark amber, i@
4^c: darK, sf@3c ?* ft). . .
liEF,SWAX-22(6'-5c ft Ib.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS- Bacon. 6c t» Ib for heavy, 7c
9 Ib for light medium. ttVjc for light. 10c 9 Ib for
extra light and 1 1 2 c plb for Bn^ar-cured. Easi
er:! sugar-cured linms, 12@12V^c: California
Hams. lUicuiov-j": Mess Beef, »7@7 50; extra
mess do, *hdj.H oO: family do, 59 su<2UO; extra
prime Pork, '$7 50£8; extra clear. «16 $ Obi;
mess, 91* ■$ bbl: Smoked Beef, 10c V &>•
LARD— eastern tierces is quoted at s\^c for
compound ana 6(aGy 2 c for pure: palls, 7c; " all
fornla tierces. s(^siAc i* Ib for compound and 8 l /t c
for pure: balf-bbis, 10-a> tins, 7i,ic; do, 5 11,,
7^,0 V Ib
COTT«)LENB— 6JA@S»ic.In tierces and TAr&
8y in 10-tb tins.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES.AND SKlN'S— Culls and brands sell lo
under sound stoci. Heavy salted steers are quot
able at 80 V tb: medium, 7c ft Ib: light. 6@6Vs c :
Cowhides, (j&itiVb-: salted Kip, 6c %< &>: sailed
Calf. 7©Be: sated Veal, 6c; dry Hides, l."^
13c: culls and brands, 9Mi@loc ft ft,-, dry Kip and
Veal, 9($10c; dry Calf. 15c; culls, 10c; Uoatnklnn,
'JO%JJ each: Kids, sc: Deerskins, good summer,
25c 9 It,; medium, 20c; winter, 10c: Sheepskins,
shearlings, ]o@2oc each; short woo!, 25@35c
each: medium, 30@45:each; long . wools, 40u60c
each.
T ALLOW— No. 1, rendered. 3@3Vic; Na 2,
2%c: refined. sc: Grease. 2c $ Ib.
OL— Weauote: ban Joaquln, 4(g,6c: Eastern
Oregon, 7@loc V Ib-
HOPS— tH^So for fair to choice and 9@loc 9 &
for fancy .
GKNERAL .MIvKII.VNDISK.
BAGS— Are very firm. Calcutta Grain Bags,
spot. sc; June-July delivery, sygc; San Qusntin,
sc: Wool Bags, 24L*@26i^?.
COAL -Wellington, $8 r» ton; New Wellington,
98 per ton: boutbfield Wellington, 97 50 fl ton:
Seattle, ib 60: Bryant, $5 50; Coos Bay, $4 75
%< ion; Wallsend, 96 50 %'. ton; Cumberland,
913 50 ~? ion In bulK and 915 In sacks; i'enn.
sylvania, Anthracite Kgg. 911@12 V ion; Welsh
Anthracite, **®H>. Cannel, 98 %•■ ton; Rock
spring*, Castle Gate and Pleasan: Valley 97 60;
Coke. 811(312 In bulk and «13 V tonln sks.
CANNtu ma LM ON -The Alaska Packers' As
tociation quotes Red Salmon as follows: In lots
of 25,000 cases. 95c t> dozen; 50.000 cases, 8214 c
V dozen; 76,000 cases, 90c 'it dozen, net Casn L o.
b. ex-shlp.
SUiiAß— The Western '-Uigur Refining Company
quott-s, terms net cash: Cube an 1 Crushed, 63 /4 c-.
1 owdered, 6V4^: Fine Crushed. 63, 4 c: Dry liranu-
Sait-.i, 4.v m c: « onfeciioiu-rV A, 4%c; Ma«nolla A,
41.4 c: txtrac, «V»c: Golden C *ci halt barrels
i.iv more than barrels and boxes Vie more.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT JIABKET.
Wholesale rates "for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows:
BF.KF— First quality, 6c; second. s@siAc: thirl
do. @-4VaC %* Ib.
VKaL— Larg^. 6<a6c; smMi, 6@"c V Ib.
MUTTON— Wethers, 6@6Vac; Kwes, 6^@6c
LAMB— Spring, 8@9,~ V Ib. -
PORK— Live nogs, $y2<s.'.*ic ft ft, for large and
S^@34c for small and medium; dressed do, 4%
@oc %4 lb.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
FOB 24 HOURS.
Klonr, or sks.... 13,830 Kites, <J0«.... _ 17.K10
wheat, ctls 70.780iU1aej.n0... 31*
Farley. ciU..... . 3,160 Pelts, bd15. ...... 195
Beans. lies 1.165 Wins, gals — 41,000
Potatoes, in.... 3.-73 leather, roll . 242
Onions, id 134 Quicksilver, flsks 40
Hay. ions..., _ 367 Hops, bis 78
Straw, tons. 10 'fallow, .-tit 29
krau. urn 1,200 Flaxseed, sks 181
allddllngs. BKb.. 98 Paper, reams ... 2,3«0
iiuuer. cm.. 435 Lime, tiDii « 81
Cheeie, cv».. 162] itaisins. t>oie».. &00
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stock showed no change worthy of note
yesterday.
The Silver King assessment falls delinquent In
office to-morrow.
* The yield of the Consolidated California and
Virginia mine last week amounted to 125 torn (t
ore of the average assay value of 984 09 per ton.
For the previous' week the ore yield was 78 tons
of an average vaineof 935 03 per ton.
Interest will be doe and payable on the following
bonds In March: >'errics & Cliff House Hallway
nixes. 93; MarKet-street Kail way first consolidated
mort.-Hce fives, $'- 60: Oakland Oas, Light and
Heat fives, first and second issues, Vi 50; Powell
street Rallwav sixes, S3: Keno Water, Land and
Light fixes, $3. Spring Valley Water sixes, 93;
Stockton i.>as and Kiectric sixes, $3.
The follow 1111; local Incorporations disbursed
dividends during the past month :
Name. Per Share. Amount.
Central Gaslight »1 00 *20,000
Gas Consumers' Association.. 15 2.025
Oakland tins Co '25 7,500
Pacific Gas Imp. Co 60 15.000
Pacific Lighting Co 35 7,000
Kan Jose Water 60 4,241
Spring Valley Water 60 64,000
California-street Cable 60 5,010
Alaska Packers' Association.. 75 36.00U
Hutchinson Plantation .. 25 12,600
Natoma Vineyard C 0.... 05 3,000
Pacific Telephone. 40 13.-00
Sunset Telephone : 25 7.60'»
Pacific Auxiliary Fire Alarm. 6 ■ 1,250
California Cotton Mills 100 6 000
Jackson Mining Co. 2 2,000
Highland Mining Co.. 20 20,000
Merrlmac Mining Co 10 9,400
Ariz-ma Copper Co 25 48,000
Pay .M.nlngCo 25 37.600
Ilomestake Mining C 0... 25 31,230
Morning star Mining C 0...... 400 9,600
Ontario Mining Co 10 15.000
Banta Itosalla Mining Co 05 6,000
Total $381,968
A summary of the dividends for February com
pares us follows; 3BSS
1896. 1897.
Gas companies $96,833 . 951,526
Water companies..! 65,741 68.241
- tre t railways..... 5,000 6,t00
Sugar companies 7,500 12,500
Telephone companies. 15,300 v 0.700
Mining companies 74.260 177.760
Miscellaneous companies... 42,782 46.260
Totals. $307,408 381,966
Following Are the Highest Prices Dur
.-. ing the Past Week.
NM.
Lipn»
Lit* «
LDdm
ft „ ....
».
lelcher .......
Jew ABelchat
tmt
lulllon
•ledoal*
Urn
1)
'hatlenga
iX«
:ho!i»r.._
:on.C»L* V». ..:...
j.'4'vji."
onfldenc*
met......
Pnlnr
i.v
Town Point...
folnt. .
loutd <t Curry.
*■■
I ale <£ foreran
&
X.O
| 1.11
Icxlcaa
iphlr .......... ..v...
'vermin 1...;..
iccldenial 1......
'0t051..... }...:..
»v»«e..-. ,
eg. Belcher
landxr.i.. ...• ...:..
lerrn • va4*
'nion.
fUUi
;*uuw Jkcicu. ......
i.
T. ;
\i'.
•J
ISOAKI> SALES.
■ Following were me sales in th« San FranclMO
Hock Tonrrt yesterday:
BFGULAB HOBSISO BMWIOSf. rOMIOtNCINO 8:30.
•200 Belcher^. v3:l3o CCcSV... 1.90 200 0ph1r......77
2*li 8i11..-.. 771100 H&N.-1.U5.2U0 8tdrd...1.70
310 ;..7ti|jU0Mx1c......34 800 Union. ...34
•1W UiaUse...4.l|lOoOcciau....«7|lW H*V*«*..'iß
Follow ins trera iiit» «alej in the Pacific Slock
Hoard yesterday:
" " HKflriAß FF«sinjf— lo:3o.
400 Alpnn JO 950 CCA V... 1.95 203 Opblr 77
200 Alta 06 100 1.92^200 —•- 7K
VJOO Andes I*6oo .1.9u|40U ...... 79
400 8e1cb«r....24 400 1.87 W50U <Jvrmn....lo
2t»o .*!• 151 conn. .-I.oc 300 Pou>«t 40
i7UJ b*8....7b 1000 ConN Y.Oi 200 «3
600 ........ ...7" 3»j 1 i-0i1iL....23 180J rtavage.. »8
80.1 i-.ulllou. —12 ;O<) Kichr O-i sOd t-coroiou..O-'
400 Caieda. . . . 1 1 I</U W l. ....41 4UJ S Ai1.. .06
100 ....lv 15J H4.V..1.U: SU I •■ .\-»- 83
•Z$J Chlln«:«'...4!i .00 Julia 05 1100 811 Hi 11 ..01
•JW Ch011»r....86 -ioO Justice... o ';jO blanrd-1.60
200 »7 tOO Keuiuclc..Ul t-niu0.....»4
100 86 tOJ ......01 iUU'.*a... >i«
300 1.01. I«00 I- Wash.. 01 100 97
700 C Imp vi OH) Mvx a* SoJ V J0*;....-J8
701) 0. I^o Occ4. 07|
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SAT UK DAY, Feb. 27 12 if.
jitr.Ameit. A«.\i&*%.
AtVh*Cnn 08 10 Jnlla 04 C 6
Ait*. *J* OS Juctioa. 08 i/i
Andes.. ' 12 lb! Kentnclc.....^ 01 13
belcher 22 24:Mexic»u 33 86
teat <St B«lct»se 77 7b' Nevada Uas«a. 14 —
beuioa Cua.. . — — 'Jccideu:ai. 06 07
liulllon 11 li'Jplilr 77 78
Caledonia. 10 11 overman- 18 09
Chollar 98 ' V 9 foto.iL 41 43
COD.L'al<kVa... 1.95 20, Ravaije. »7 - i>9
Cballeoc« Co a. 41 4i -corpiou — o*2 03
Cod. Impend. 01 li --eg. uelcutc. . 05 Otf
ConflUeuce.... I.OU 1.06 -aver Hill 01 i a
LOU -New Vor< — ■ IV sierra -\ev»a». 34 Si
Uuimfom:.. 23 24 wtaudard 1.85 —
bastSierra^<<7 — 14 >yuatcat*. ..„ — 13
fcurek* Cou ... — 4li Lmuutua..,.. 33 35
fc-iClieuuer .... 03 l uiu « iv tti
uvutu oc uurrjr. 39 41 uiw* J»ciCJ»> i.B 29
i*M«*.4fUJTCM.I.O3 I.IC
STOCK AND BUND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY, Keb 27 10:33 P.M.
UNITED bTATKS BONDS.
J-. ip. *■ wiu. I tti-X. AtKtA.
DB4aconD.ll2 — 17 b4srei...lUJ lloi/a
Do new itssueJ. — |
UISCILLA.VtIII'S BONUS.
Cal-StCbl«s». :— ; Uakl.M ii. - 104
Cal Klpc I. 64 — IS) LoidLiOs... — 11034
CnlrkUWti 95Va l-Vi/ 2 K;mDibus (St. 12l« 4 11-'Va
l)pnt-Btex-«p — b7V«P«SOK)r«i. - ' 113
tdsn L«fcPßßl-9Va — P<S.Cußy«s. — 103
I.SCH KKt>slUDi^lU7V%ii'wt-s: KRH«II4 119
tit-arv-at K5» — 10 jhmo. WJU&L — loj
U « i.s jVjt-lUJ — icacto I' <fc i. - 100
Los Alls — 100 J!»>'&MMls<. 101 102
Doiinteed 64 — ioi . -I'llKAr./dj sci/ 3 —
ilKt-stCDietfslV^T'g - -sPKUCaI 6i. 109 111
DoKyLon Os. iUtS'i/8107V4 " > l'itlUa;s*. " — ItM
Nal Vinßs Ist — , iOO -I'HrKL'aiß). 8S V 8 99
NevU.\gK7«.lo3 105 &V Water - . i-«V2
MBy Cal Us. 10U Vi 107 - V aier 4i. 100 Vjloli 4
Minn 03. — vi sitktuUisUoiioo 103
VATKH STOCK*.
Contra Costa 35 iJi^i~j)rn« Valley 87 '.8
Uiu'lnCu... 48» / i — i
C-as AND XI.KCTBIO S lOCKV
Capital. - '-iA ; Pacific Usm 49*/ i5O
Central pHi, — SFG&EIec. feß 98%
M fclec Liens 9 '/a 93,4 -an trantico iii,i . 1 .,
OaJc U L, ,t II .">..3/4 f.4V» -jtOcKIOU — -0
l'»c uu Imp 0-V4 9-4»j
IX»i;KA.N^« ktoCK«.
F!reman'sFdl77y — I
COMMu.il.lAt, »IAVJC -i T •■<!
AiiKlo-Ca1.... M>; — First KallonllSl 187Va
Bank of Cat.. — 211 l.ondonP&A. 1 J~iA —
CalSilJA.Ti.olU7 110 ilercH Ex.... 1J —
KAVIXM-i BASK 6TOCX»-
GerS*LCo. 1200 133 J ISav & Loan.. 105
MnmbS&L..liOJ _ *H:urttv 240 —
Mutual 3 5 — ljioulruj..s.j —
b.fcb»v Union — 47b
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California... 107 — |Uaicdb<£Ha/ — 103
Ueary-st — - 32 — . Presidio. .... 4% —
aurtui-5i.... »ay 44 |
• » " ■'«■" 6TOCKI.
Atlantic n... 18 17 Giant Coa. . 31% S3
California 87^110 lVi»oriu — e y<j
KusieruX)..^ 75 — |
N mgnuimi > «Tonct •
Alaska rfcr*. 1031,4104 ;XatVlnC<». _ fiJ^
Uer Lead Co. Mj HO teanlcasco 24 25
HawCASCa. li»i 16 Pac AUK A - 4
Hotchsl'to _'4i a «4%;PacßoraxCa — 94
MirExAuiL — ilu |P&r(PalntUa — V
BALES— MORNING SESSION.
.Board—
200 Mutual Electric UgbL ■ 950 •
100 Maricet-st Railway 44 co
$1000MarWet-st Ky Con 6* Bonds 107 00
7UO Mutual Electric Light d 00
60 S F Gas & Electric Co 83 50
» ♦ .
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Dates of Departure Kroin San Francisco.
BTKAHKR ; I> BTINATION. j
SAILS
j PIER.
ava)iui<:v. . .
Mexico I
I'oniona
A real*
<-i. nn i
Queen I
J-.ureKa i
A lamed a.. .. i
U.W. Elder !
China
Santa Rosa.
Coon Bay.. . .
Walla Walls
San ii:a». ...
M»;c ot I'ai i
Panama. Mch 1,1*2 vI P M a s
Man Dl»-o. ... ,M(h l)Ui, I': II
Hamboldtßav ' Mch 1, 2pm Pier 9
coos Uay.i... Mch" 2.loam l-ierli
Cons But Mch 2.l'J m PierB
V!r,t I'itSnil Mch '.». "am I'ler9
Newport ...... Mch- 3, UAb l-i« 11
Sidney Mch *. 2fm Pier 7
; Portland Men 4.lUam !■ *- r %4
China & Japan Men 4, ipm puss
fan Diego Mch 6 Ham . Pier 11
Nt-woor: Mch 7. Jam t'lerll
1 Vie & P*t Bno Mch 7. Sam Plor 9
Panama. Men B. lii v PSISi
Port: uni ..<.... Men 9.l(iau t*l«r 2*
Uomni liar. Men 10. BAM.Pinr 1
Karallon. .. '
STEAJIEKS TO AKBIVE.
STEAIfKR |
ll' i M
I
Trackoe I
Czarina
Corona !
CleOne |
Empire «... i
Enr«lca« j
Get* W. Klder..
Waahlenaw .... ,
fanta Kdsi !
Walla \V»m. .. '
Crescent Cltr. .. i
Willamette
l'omona I
San Bias
Coos bay !
Dei Nona
Procreso
M!n»ola
Florida
Amarapoora....
ale of Ca1....
Bonoi..
Mexico
Tillamook
I man ll a.
Farallon 1
Grays Harbor.
Cooi Bay
MnmboUl. Bay.
I Crescent City
coos Kay
; Newport
> Portland
Tacoma ■....
' .Sau Dleso -....>...
; Victoria iv Puget Soua 1
Crescent Ctty
{Seattle
j Hum hold Bny
i Panama
! .New nor;. ...
'♦rays Harbor.
Seattle ,
Tacoma
Coruox "......
Oco* -..;...-.
I'jrtlanu
Gray« Harbor
-ao Diego
Portland
Victoria A l*UKei Sound
I Vaanlna Ha -
..Feb . 8
..Feb .8
. Feb 1:8
. . Ken 2K
..F»b 28
Men i
..Men 1
...Mcri 2
..Men »
..Men 3
-Mch 3
..Mch 4
..Mch 4
..Men 5
. Mcli 6
...Mch 5
..Mcta 5
..Men 5
..Mch 5
..Mch 6
Mch 6
..ilch 6
..Mch 7
..Men 7
..Mch 8
■ Mcli . «
it.N, MOON AND TID..
UNITED status Coast a\d Geodetic BtTBVItT
TIMKS AND BsiSHTS OF HIOH AND LOW
WaTBRS at ioKT Point, ESTBAXOK to
fc'AN Francisco HAY. Published BT Offi
cial Authority Or THK KUI-KKIXTEXDEST.
Notk— The high and low waters occur ai tha
City Front (Mission-street Wharf) about twenty
five minutes later than nt Fort Point: me neuht
of tide Is th" Ram* a" both placer .
February— lß4*7.
Bunda . Feb-uary 28.
Snn rises 6 42 1 Moon rises 6.03 ax
Sun sets 6.08 ! Moon sets.
I " m ! ! Feet ! I!« 5 Feet ™21 Keel I^l j Feet
5 H W L W H W . L-W ■-■--
ah' iZTS .^.4!« 6.J1 a.4» — u.ftllO.Ml 43
1 8.59 2.4 9.4.' 6.1 424 -li..' i I.'JO 4.6
.2 4.26 2.(1 10.84 6.0 S.UU 0.1 11.48 4.U
3 5.10 l.« 11.19 4.7 5.54 0.6
H W I. \V H W L W
4 0.10 4.6 6.68 1.3 1-2.05 4.4 6.04 1.0
6 0/28 4 8 6.24 1.1 12.46 4.1 i «J.3(l 1.4
6 0.60 4.81 7.08 1 0.9) 1.34 3 7 6.64 1.9
Rots— ln the above exposition of the tides tin
early morning tides are Riven In the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day In th«
order of occurrence a* to time. The second timt
column elves the second tide ot the day. the tbtrJ
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column Rives the last tide of the day, except
when mere are hat three tides, as sometime*
iccurs. The heights given are - additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given la subtract!
from the depth given by the charts.
KOTICS TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hvdroxraphla
Office located In the Merchant*' Exchange is
maintained In San Francisco for th« benefit of
mariners wllbout regard 10 nationality and free of
expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sailing
directions of the world are kept on hunt tor com
parison and reference, and the latest Information
can always be obtained regarding lights, dangers
to navigation and all matters of Interest to ooaan
commerce.
Th* Urns ball on top of the build on Tele
graph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and Is dropped at noon. 1 V2o:h meridian, by
teietraphlo algnal received each dai- trom the
United States Naval Observatory a-. Mare Island.
Cai.
A notice stating whether the time ball was
dropped on time, or giving the error. If any, la
puniisneJ the same day oy the aTternoon papers,
and by the morning papers the following (lav.
W. a liuaiXKS.
Ueutenant. V. & N.. in charge.
Th« Time 'Ball.
Branch I 1 YnttooßAPHic- Office, V. S. N.") •
-> . . '-Merchants' Exchange >-
San Fbascisco. February a?. 1897 )
The time. ball on Teie?rapn Hill wns dropped
exactly at noon to-day— l. *.. at noon or the l-'ota
meridian, or exactly at 8 p. m., Green wirh time.
■ W. s. Huohes.
Lieutenant C >. N.. In charier.
SHIPPING ■I.NXKIitIGENCJS.
Arriv.Ml
SATURDAY. February «7.
Blmr Mexico, Jensen, 61 hours from San
01 no and way ports; ■ pass and mdse. to Uooclall,
Per Kins A to. . .
• Hlmr Arcata. Cousins. 46 hours from Coos Bay:
paw and indue, lo v I * C«» ■■ ■
Stmr Jewel, Mad sen. 16 hours from Caspar:
33."> .M ft lumber, to Caspar Lumber Co.
Stmr National City. Andresen, 48 hours from
San l.ieso; balUst, to c A Hooper <t Co.'
Ship Occidental, Weaver. Si days rom Depar
ture liay; _».io tous coal, to Oregon Imp Co.
Brsbip lialasore. Lloyd. la? days .row Ant
werp: tiidse. to Meyer, Wilson * Co.
Turk CV. ion, «.'»! houn, 2-1 days from Honolulu:
15,0j5 ba-.s -u.ar, to JI) Sprec<els <£ Bros Co. I
HKtn W H Dimohd. Nllso«, 25 days from ilouo
lulu: sugar. t»J D.Spreckels A: Bros Co i ■
Schr Joseph and Henry, Christiansen, 4 days
from Co<iu 1 c River; 1 M it, luaiDer. to simji
son Lumber Co. > > ■,-!%.■=,
Srhr Dora Bluhrc, Larien, 25 days from San
Marcos Island; 250 ions gypsum, to Lucas & Co.
-Vi\7v. Cleared.
;>^<v -. SATURDAY. February 27.
Stmr North i Fork, llanseu, Eureka: Charl<M
Nelson. ■ •. j; "' . .
inir JeaniP, Slason, Seattle; Pad tic steam
Whaling Co.
Haw a mr San Mateo, Fletcher, Comox; Pacific
Imp Co
Br stmr Wellington, Salruoud, Nanalmo; R Duns
mulr it Co.
Br ship Genista, Beam. Hllo; J D spreckeli A
Bros co.
Ital ship Francesco, Maresca, Queenslown; Kp
pinker & Co.
Br all p Port Logan, Pierce, Algoa Bay: B.ilfour,
•■ uthrle*. < o.
Br ship GleuerirhU Davias, Port Townsend: Bal
four, uutlirie & Co.
5 Schr Falcon, His me, San Jose de Guatemala; C
A Hooper & Co.
Sailed.
SATURDAY, February 27.
Etrar Coos Bay, Hall. Newport and way ports.
Stmr state of California, (..reen. Astoria.
Ptmr Point Arena. Johnson. Alendoolti).
Brstmr Wellington, Salmond, Nanalmo.
Stair Jeanle. Mason, ?<^uitle
Brtu C"iiMue a Jaror)sen,"Mahukonn.
Scbr C H Merchant. Brannan, Grays Harbor.
Schr Barbara Hernster. Jan>«>n,Boweus Lauding.
Telegraphic.
rorvT I.OR'- .Feb. 37.-1 » p. »c-Weath3r
cloudy, wind NW: vi-ioci • 2O.m,Jt
Charlers.
The Br ship Genista loads sugar at Honolulu for
New York.
The brig Larllne loads mdse for Kahului.
Bpoließ.
Per Br ship Baaaore-Feb ]9-Lat 33 14 N,
long i2t> 53 W. Br sti.p Kale Thomas from Port
Bla^eley, for Po-t Pirle
Feb 10-Lo: 19 01 N. Ion? TJ4 .'6 W, Bktn City
of Papeete, henco Ft 2. for Tahiti. *
F. d 9-Lat 29 .N, lons 88 W. Ger bark Artemis,
from Tacoma, for Queenv.own.
1-eblH-l.a. -J6..V, no lone B. ship CarJUan
shire, from Swansea, lor sa • Francisco.
i er Arcata— Fen 27 off Cape Mendo lno spoke
schr Mary Taylor of Victoria \M*.h 150 skins.
Domestic Ports. GK3S
BAN PEDRO— Feb 26 -Schr Louise, fm
Umpqua.
SAN DIF.GO-SMiea Feb 27-Sc&r Halcyon, for
Eureka.: schr Marion.
TaTOO-H- Passed Feb 27— Stmr Uma Ilia, bee
Feb 25 for Victoria.
CLALLAM h.>Y-In bay Fea 27-Shlp BP
Cheney, from Tacom i," for Nan Francisco.
TAComa— «»ll«»j Feb 27— Br ship Senator, for
Care Town.
ALBlON— Arrived Feb 27— Stmr Scotia, hence
Feb
EUREKA— Vrrlved Feb 26 — tmr Lakrne, hnce
reb 25. Feb 27— >%chr Mabel Gray, hence Feb 25.
SB ATT Arrived Feb 27— stmr Progreso, lice
Feb 23.
SAN PEDRO— Feb 27— Schr ■ Alice, for
Eureka.
ASTORIA— SaiIed 27— Geo W Elder,
for san Francisco. . •> ? . • ■ ' i. - - •- . •;•
Arrived F««o 27— Stmr Tillamook. hence Feb 23.
TATOOSH- Passed Feo 'J6-"<tmrs P.ogreso
and WillHmette, hence Feb 23. for Seattle.
GREENWOOD— Arrival Feb 27— stmr V> hitei
boro, hence Feb 26.
COOS BAY— Arrived Feb 26— Schr Gotama, hce
Feb 14.
liarbound Feb 27— Stmr Czarina, for San Fran
cisco.
YAQUINA BAY— Arrived Feb 27— Stmr Faral
on, hence Feb 24, and sailed '.or Coos Bay.
.Foreign Port*.
DUBLlN— Arrived Feb 24— Br bark Gulf Stream
from Oregon.
FALMOUTH-Salled Feb 26— Brship Armlda,
for .
QHKENSTOWN— SaiIed Feb 26-Br ship La
thom, for Liverpool.
Movements of Trans- Atlantic Steamers.
NEW YORK— Arrived Feb 27— s.mr Britannic,
from Liverpool : stmr Italy, from Hamburg.
Milled Ft b 27— >>tnjr La Champagne, 'or Havre;
stmr Spaarndam, for Rotterdam: simr Kms, for
Genoa and Naples: st v r Lucannia, lor Liverpool ;
stmr Prussia, for Hamburg.
SOUTHAMPTON-bailed 27— Stmr St Louis
for New 1 or*.
HAVRE— called Feb 27— Stnir La Bretagne, for
New York.
NAPLES— SaiIed Feb 27-Stmr Fulda, for New
York.
BROWHRAD— Passed Feb 27-Stmr Servla, Im
Sew York, for Liverpocl
LlZAßD— Pasted Feb 27— Stmr La Bourgosne,
from New York, for Havre.
Importations.
. PAN DIF.OO— Per Mexico— 322 bxs oranges. 34
bxs limes. 526 bxs lemon*. 3 bxs grape fruit. 1 plcg
'eutl e-. 1 bxdry goods 19 pug* nnUo. 1 iot house
hold furniture, 14 rolls matting, 13 mortars, 1 bx
cine wads. 1 pk; tobacco, 27 bbls tallow, 1 bx
blueing.
Newport,— 2o9 bxs oranges, 6 bbls sweet potatoes.
3sks nut-. 47 *ks popcorn.
i.edondo — 208 bxs oranges. 32 a creme de Us, S
bxs ca-«h reci*:»frs, 1 bx loots. 1 bx clothing, 10
p»«s mdse, 6 sks ve,-e;aules, 59 bxs lemons, I tub
butter.
Port Los Angeles— l 7 sks green peas. Isk beans.
2 bbls grease, 7S pkgn raise, SOpkcs agricultural
implements, 6 bxs building material, 241 bxs 3
D'jl< crirues.
Saut» Barbara— 4 bbls mineral water. 1 pkg
mdse. 5 i«aie< trees, S« bxs lemons, 1 pks dry
goods, 3 bxs fish, 44 bxs orange*.
Port Harforii— l7 pkgs m ise. 1 tub 98 bxs butter.
76 cs -gpa, 3 bills uides and skins. 11 cHCheose, 4
Bks suzar, 1 pkg hardware, 4 coops chickens. 1
pkg lenders', H2 bxs Ush, 1 ox groceries, 170 bxs
garvanzus. 178 sks bpana, 8 sks fl .x.
HONOLULU— Per W H Dlmond-10.284 bags
sugar.
COOS BAY— PerArcata-450 tons coal, 5% bbls
salmon, 2 a mdse. 46 bd ls hides. 4 bxs fish, VB9
sks potatoes, 7 pkgs express, 6 eds matchwood.
Consignees.
Per W H Dlmond-J D £preckels & Bros Co: M
SGrlnbnum.
Per Mexico— L Scatena & Co: Levi Spiegel ACo :
Greeley's Kxpres*: Gray & Barbie rt: Gco R Starr
»fe Co: Campodonlcoit Malcolm: Wetmore l'.rrn: \V
WilmPrd nr: Lowe <fc to: >-aa Frnnclsco Brewing
Co: J C Johnson & Co; W* J Sloane <tCo: P A
Loud: California Fire Works Co; Wincti. Re
pealing ArmsCo: H Rohla: LU Sresovich &Co •
W B Hum nor 4 Co : Trobock A Bergen: H O (Jrt-en
hocd; Wlitiand Produce Co: American Union
Fish Co: Enterprise Brewery: W F Mitche.l; . w
W Dickersen ; 3 H Cain & Co: Gould & Jaudln: V
X Stewart: Redingtnn & Co; Wolf son: Flaoh &
Hirshfeid: D &Co: D E Allison <& Co: Chatx
A Bernard; J 1j Spreckels & Bros Co: J Demartlnl
& Co; F H »wart: Alcaznf Theater; Minakpr A
Welbanxs: Wit«-l A Maker: Pierce & Co; J Mur
ray: Bisslnger <t Co: Brown «fc Adams; COMeade:
Kowalsky A Co: McDonough A Runyon: G Onrstl
&Co: Willamette Pulp & Paper Co; J R Martlu:
American Union Fish Co: D M Oshorno & Co; H
Clifton: Philadelphia Brewery: BlsMnger <£ Co ; J
A Bagge; CX Whitney O-> ; Buffalo Brewery : H
WaidecK ; Sunset Telegraph and Telephone Co; J
R Martin: (ieo McName-; Russ. Sanders A Co : S
Levy* Co: Milwaukee Brewery ; F B Ualgh't: E
Martin; Dairymen's Union ; Dodce. Sweenev & Co:
Wellman. PeckiCi.o: H timer. B red h off 4 Scbuli ;
Marshall & Reimers: De Bernard! A Co; Labor Kx
cnnnge: Brlgham, Uonpe A Co; M T Freltas A Co:
11 Kirchmann A Co: H N Tilden &Co ; F Dunerl A
Co; IliiU Bros: Wheaton, Breon it Co; Ehrnian iv
Co: M Kaliih it Co; Baker A Hamilton: Pac ( o>s.
Fish Co; H Dutara; J P.Thomas; O B Smith A Co:
A Palliev J B Jn-'U.-lia; G CamlllonlA Co; 8 H
Tyler A Son; A Kan a; H Dutard; Sacramento
Fish Co: Norton, Teller Co; J H Newbauer A Co:
Felling, Creasy A Co; C.as mcooson A Co; J H
Kessiug; .->insheimer Bros; A liana; MllaniACo:
Ceregblno A co.
- Per Arcata— Gets Bros A Co: W B Sumner A Co:
McDonough A Etunyon; Simosoi Lumber Co: II
W Hall: American Union li.ht.i: APalndim:
timer. Bredhoff A schulz ; Getz Bros A Co ; H Dn
tard ; J H Newbauer A Co: . Well*, Fargo A «jo : T
Lou?hran;.Wolf A Son: OCAN Co
BANK I AND BANKERS.
THE CERIIS UT«ia ASD I n\\ SCCIF.TY,
526 California st., 5, F.
Guarantee capital and surplus $2,040,201 66
CaDital actually paid up In cash 1,0J0,00 > UU
Deposllß, iecember3l, 1896 27,730,247 45
Officers: President, B. A. Becker; First Ice-
Prealdent, Din el Meyer: >econd Vi< e-Pres'dent,
11. iiurjtmann; Cashier, A. H. R. Schmidt; An-
sisan; Cashier, " William Herrmann; Secretary.
George 'iourny; Assistant Secretary. A. H. Mul-
ler. Attorney, W. S Gnodfel ow.
Board nf. Directors : B. A. Becker. Daniel Meyer,
H. llorstmann. Ign. htelnhart. ft. Van Bergen, K.
Kohte, H. B. Buss, D. N. Waller and N. Ohlandt.
JUDICIOUS INVESTMENTS
In STOCKS, BONDS or GRAIN are
1000 PER CENT.
more profitable than in other channels.
OUR SYNDICATE PUN OF SPcCULATOH
affords large and small Investors the dual advan-
tages of safety and mou satisfactory return* on
sums ot $25 to $1000. P.oapectus and Market
Letter mulled free.
SETTLEMENTS SEMI • MONTHLY.
DeWOLF & CO., Bankers & Brok ra.
Bank References. 50 Broadway, ,N. Y. City.
S5 PROFIT °JS^ S I OO
PAID TO OUR CI.I NTs DURING TllK
X past week. Checks for profiti together with
statement mailed each Saturday. Under our Sys-
tem of Syndicate Simulation, we have been able
to pay from sto 8 per cent weekly. Pamphlets
explaining our methods mailed free on application.
SAM. HELLER A: CO.,
BANKERS AND BROKERS,
Established 1837. 44 Broadway, New York.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
FOR SIS JOSE, LOS (.ATOS ft 8A1T.4 CRUZ
STKAMEP. AL.VISO LEAVES PIER 1 M.)X
Bay. Wednesday. Friday, at 10 a. m. Aivlso
■1 uesdav. Thursday. Saturday, at 3p. m. Frel«iii
and Passenger. Far* between San Fsancuco and
Aivlso, 500; to San Jose, 75c. «a* iL *%£ °£
Shippers and
Buyers' Guide*
THE CALL endorses and
recommends as ; thoroughly
reliable the Commission Mer-
chants appearing in this
column.
D. E. ALLISON & CO.,
General Commission Merchants.
Green and Dried Fruits, Grain. Potatoes, Beam,
Produce, Woo , etc. v v- .^
501-509 Front St., S F.
DALTQN BROS
Green and Dried Fruits, Citrus Fruits, Produce
Poultry and Eggs. ' ' i\ *
317-319 Davis St., S. F.
JOHN DEMARTINi & CO.,
Wholesale Dealers In Foieizn and Domestic
Fruits, Nuts. Produce, etc.
318-317 Washington sttreet, S. F.
EVELETH & NASH,
Wholesale Dealers ■In rorelgn and Domestio
Fruits, Nuts, Produce, etc.
'423 Front Street. 8' F.
GARCIA & MAGGINI
"Tropical, Green ' and Dried
Fruits and Nut«.
301-307 DRUMM STREET, S. F.
GRAY & BARBIERI.
Green an 1 Dried Kruit«, Nuts. Poultry, . Eggs.
Butter, Game, Potatoes and Leans.
305-309 v anh'lngton treet, t. F.
H. HECKMANN & CO.
WHOL..SALK D£ALKI>B IN
Dried Fruits, Produce, Poultry, Game
and Eggs. 1
400-4-O2 DAVIS jTREET, S. F.
MINAKER & WELBANKS
Wholesale Dealers In California and Oregon Fruit
ana Pro Jure, Eggs, Poultry etc.
501-503 Sansoma Street, S. F.
NASH & BOESSENECKER,
Wholesale Dealers in Foreign mid Domestic
FrD'ta, Nut«. Produce, Poultry, Eggs, etc.
311-313 IVu*liiii K toii St., S. F.
L. SCATENA & CO.,
O'e aeent for the Southern California Fruit Ex-
change; dealer in Green and Dried Fruits, etc.
104-1 10 IVaghingtou St.'
Branch— l 6-32 Washington Street.
GEO. W. TINDAL CO.
General Commission Merchants
And Wholesale Dealers in Fruits and
Produce
500-503 SAN'SOJiE STREET, S. F.
TROBOCK & BERGEN,
Commission Merchants-
Wholesale Dealers lv Fruits and Produce.
504-506 Sausoine Street,. S. F.
WOLF & SONS
I General Commission Merchants.
321-323 DAVIS STREET. S. F.
j ■
OCEAN TRAVEL.
PACIFIC COAST_JTEAMSMP CO.
STEAMERS LEAVE BROADWAY >*"*»_
O wharf, San Francisco, us lollotvs: •**** gj flr
For Mary* Island, Lorlnir, W.ransjel, Juneau, Kil-
Ilsnoo and Sitka (Alaska), at 9 a. m. March 12,
17. 22. 27.
- For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Pert Town-
j send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes and
; New Wi at com (lieilir.uham Bay. Wash.). 9a. it
i Mar 2, 7. 12, 17, 22, 27 and every rlfth day there-
l after. connecting at Vancouver with the C. P. R.
! X., at Tacoma with N. P. R. X., at Seattle with U.
■ N. Ky., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For lCureka, Area a and Fields landing (Hum-
bold t Bay), sir. Pomona 2 p. m., March 1, !>, 9, 18,
17, 21. 25, 29 and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon. Cayuoos,
Port Harford (San i uls Oblspo), Oaviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hneneme, san Pedro, East San
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. if.
Mar h 3, 7. 11, 15, 19, 23, 27, 81 and every fourtu
day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Hanorl
(San Luis Oblspo). M\nta Barbara, For: Los An-
<>eles. Kedondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
I a.m. Men. 1,5.9, 13, 17, 21, 25, 29 and every tourtu
day thereafter.
For Ensenada. San Jo^e del Cabo, Mazatlan, La
Pas and Guaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
a. m. 25th of each month.
'1 he Company reserves the right to change with-
out previous notice steamers, sailing dates and
hours or sailing. Ticket office— Palace Hotel, 4
New Montgomery street.
GOODALL, PKRKINS & CO., Gen'l Agents.
10 Market si., San Francisco.
THE O. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Ppear-street Wharf, at 10 a. m.
F\ T?T?/* ls l''ir»t-clas<« ) Including
. \ Jl 1j . *i,i Second-class /berth & meal*
. SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
State of California. ....Feb. 27. Mar 9. 19. 29
Columbia Mar 4, 14, .4
Througn tickets and through bai;ga?e to all
I Eastern points. Kates and folders upon applica-
i tion to
F. F. CONNOR, neneral Agent. ;
630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO.. Superintendent
PBIBBBaMHH &"• AUSTRALIA for
b flSgir HONOLULU on: v.
■l**"* l * Tuesday, M rci 23,
™^___^^ at -' p. m. Special party
i % rut pi. '
Qf{hmch|ncJ i he s*. s - A l a me D v
lWlllljlll ' 0 rails Via HONOLULU
(fitftPlWH- and AUCKLAND for
\yllipQltfep SYDNEY. Thursday.
March 4, at 2 P. if.
I.InetoCOOLGABDIE, Aust.,and CAPETOWN
Soutu Afrioa.
J. 1). aPKECKELS <fc BROS. CO- Agents.
114 Montgomery street. -
freight Office, 3-7 Market st. San Francisco. .
COIPAGHIE GEIER.IL TUmTLIITIf Gl
Frencli Line) to Havre.
POMPASV'S PIKR(NEW).42NOHTH yPHQ-
\J River, foot of Morton su Travelers by -^JGaf
, this line avoid both transit by English railway ani
I the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
I boat. iSew York to Alexandria, Egypt, via Part*.
! first class $160. second class $116.
I LA CHAMPAGNE..... Feb. 27, 8:30 A.M
LAGASCOGNK ; March 8. 5 a it
LA KKETAGNF. March IS. B*. jc.
LA NORMAVDIE Mar n -ft Da. it
££- For further particulars apply to
A. FORGET, Agent.
No. 3. Bowling Green. New York.
J. F. FUGAZI A CO., Agent* & Montgomery
»v«nne. San Fiancl»;a • ■ •
tf^tvK DAMBIIRG-HERICAS LISS
gMftHM TWIN-SCREW KXfKlidi
.^i*^bSSS?^ Line from Now York to
Plymouth (London), Cherbourg. Paris <fc iiamburz.
ICo uinbi.i. .Uai._s. 7aM CO ulmm. a. L.i 7aic
F. BUm rck,Ap.B. 10am j F.Bismarck, vy 27.IOASC
'• Norinannla. 10am I Noriua ia,Jane3,lL'A»c
Ha >: Mire- American »in •, TB'war.VY.
KAHN <£ HERZOQ. Agents, 401 California St.,
San Francisco. CaL
STOCKTOJ STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washlnarton St.
At « P. M.. I>aily. ireijrhe received up
■ to >:»;> P. M.
% jgsr Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
l ne only lint- se.lin. through tickets and giving
through "freight raiei to c.l polnis o.i Valley
lUllr ° ai: V STKAMERV. -
T. C. "Walker. J. ». Peterti.
Mary Uarratt, City of Stockton.
- Telephone Main 805. Cat. Nay. and Imp;- Ua
FOR VILLEJO AXD U. S. lATT-T.4KH
SIiiAMJEB "MONTI CELLO."
Pally ex. Saturday A Sun.. 10:30 a. k. and 4 p. it.
Saturday*..... M •10:30 a. m.. 4 p. ic
Sundaxs Dr.*
leading Misslon-stree; Doric, Pier . '
Telephone Black 261.
- Trip gives d hours slop at Navy: Yari
2930
BUSINESS REVIVAL
OF KEARNY STREET
The Hub Clothing-Store to
Be Torn Down in
April.
The Heirs of the Adams Estate
to Make Expensive Al
terations.
The Remodeled Building Will Have a
Granite Front and Two Addi
tional Stories Added.
The rivalry for business by the mer
chants on the outside sections of the City,
which had its inception in introducing a
display of electric liehts over the streets,
has acted as an incentive to property
owners in the commercial center to bestir
themselves in keeping pace with the era
of progress which surrounded them. A
failure to do so carried with it the label
ing of their store fronts with that unwel
come sign "To let," which means no in
come on invested capital.
One of the first to recognize that with
out improvements th*re would be no
progress, were the heirs of the estate of
James Adams, who own the corner lot on
the northeast junction of Slitter and
Kearny streets, at present occupied by the
Hub clothing-store.
This property is about to be improved
by a general and thorough remodeling,
which necessitates the tearing down of
the entire front and re-erecting the build
ing, with the addition of two stories, mak
ing it a six-story structure.
The en.tire front on both Kearny and
Gutter streets will be removed to founda
tion mark, upon which a more substantial
buiidinjj will be errcted, consisting of
uranite, with steel pillars and girders to
support the additional weight of the two
stories to be added.
There will be two elevators on the north
ern side — one of whicu will be used by the
tenants on four upper floors, and the
oiher exclusively foi Mie u?e of the ten
ant who has already engaged the base
ment, store and floor immediately over
head.
The entire alteration will involve an ex
penditure of about but this sum is
only a bagatede as compared to other
amounts lately expended in erecting new
bi.ildings.
The Adams heirs saw the necessity of
making a start to improve Keamy-street
property and by so doing retain the busi
ness that rightly belongs to thai excep
tionally located thoroughfare of com
merce and travel.
This improvement, acceptable as it is
from a business point of view, brings with
it some disadvanta eto the tenants. The
chief sufferer by this forced removal will
be the owners of the Hud Clothing Com
pany, who, not expecting such a sudden
Bbift of quarters, had ordered a large
slock of Eastern and fcmropean goods, the
greater bulk of which is in transit for the
spring market.
In spe&King over those disadvantages
Charles Reims, the president of the com
pany, said: "While we are not opposed
to the owners of the property making the
alterations, but on the contrary are
pleased to see such improvements on
Kearny street as will make tne street at
tractive and Keep the business i here, yet
we were taken somewhat by surprise, as
we did not expect to receive notice to
vacate before July, at w..ich time we
■would be better prepared to move, as by
that time we woiud have disposed of the
lieavv stock of spring and summer goods
which we have ordered.
"But now that it has come we must
mate the best of the situation aad get a
'move on, 1 so to speak, and find quarters
sufficiently large in which to carry on our
business even at a sacrifice.
"Of course we have tne consolation of
knowins that we wili again occupy our
old quarters under different conditions.
"We have secured a lease to move in just
as soon as the place is finished.
"Under our new terms we will occupy
the basement, the store and, the entire
floor above us, which will be devoted to
boys' and children's line of goods. We
expect to be back there in six niontns
under more favorable auspices for carry
ing on our iine."
Other improvements in this section of
th« City are in contemplation. It is said
that the large brick building on Sinter
street lately occupied as a plumber's store
is about to be remodeled on lines similar
to those of the Adam* building.
JUNIOR ORDER IN SESSION
The State Council Will Meet in
Sacramento City on Tues
day Next.
The Increase in Membership Daring
the Past Year — Suggestions
That Will Be Offered.
The next annual session of the State
Council, Junior Order of United Ameri
can Mecnanics, will be held in Sacra
mento commencing next Tuesday at 10
o'clock in the forenoon. From the reports
received from trie various counties in the
State the prospects are that there will be
a full delegation of representatives.
Henry C. Schaertzer, the State coun
cilor, will present a very interesting re
port setting forth in detail what he has
aone during the year in his official capac
ity, and he will suggest several matters
for the State Council to act upon, provid
ing the suggestions he will make will
meet with the views of the delegates.
The State Councilor has with one or
two exceptions had first-class deputies,
who have assisted him materially in the
work that he has had to do and direct
and for this assistance he feels very
gratefuL
During the year he granted twenty
eight dispensations, denied 3 because of
non-compliance with the rules of asking
for them, and rendered eight, official de
cisions. He issued warrants for four new
councils, at Eimhurst, at Stockton, at San
Jose and at Alam*d:i.
During the year one council, by vote of
the members, was disbanded. This was
John C. Fremont Council of San Ber
nardino.
The State Councilor during the year
visited every council in the State except
tbe one at Lonipoc and the one recently
organized in San Jose. He is of the
opinion that the visits by the grand
officers of tbe orgnniz-uion have a stimu
lating effect upon the membership of the
*'jborriinate councils and should be en
couraged.
li his report the State Councilor will
recoruruend that in view of the fact that
the work of the State secretary has in
creased in a very marked degree his
ealary be fixed at |300 for tbe ensuing
year; that to prevent any section of the
State being ignored in the matter of annual
tessions the State be divided into three
ections, and that tbe session be held in a
different secuon every year. He will also
make a number of recommendations that
*re of interest only to the members of the
order.
The committee on laws will present a
report that will include a number of pro
posed changes in the laws winch experi
ence has proven can be made for the bet
terment of the order. i'Le committee will
also submit, without recommendauon. ■
number of proposed changes as to ihe
duties ot officers.
During the year the board of officers had
but oneapreal to pass upon.
The reports of the State Council secre
tary will show ihat during the year ihe
order in this State increased 25 per cent,
and that at this time it is in good condi
tion and the membership very enthusi
astic in the worn for which the council^
were organized. During the year there
was paid lor benefits and relief the sum ol
$2641 85. Tne number of deaths was 12.
There are now prospects for the early or
ganization of councils at Vallejo, Grass
Valley and Esconaido.
The National representatives from this
State will present a report of thpir stew
ardship while acting in their official ca
pacity in the National Council held at
Denver, Colo., last June.
The report of the National Council
shown thai during the year preceding the
meeting there was an addition of 142 coun
cils and a gain oi 13,142 members.
A LAWYEK'S TROUBLES.
I Attorney Crltteiulen Will Tell Hig Woes
to Judge lJahrs Next Friday.
The contempt case of Attorney James
i L. Crittenden, who was ordered to pay
1 $250 fine or go 10 jail by Judge Slack for
I wearing a loaded revolver in court while
argumg the damage suit of Miss Emma
Astiley against "Lucky" Baldwin for se
j auction, gave Judge Hebbani another un
! pleasant lialf houi yesterday morning.
When Mr. Crittenden applied to Judge
| Hebbard for a writ of habeas corpus the
writ was granted and made returnable be
fore "the court in bank," but it wag not
i possible to persuade the Judges to hold
; court in bank, and Judge- Hebbard. not
being willing to take the responsibility,
! dismissed the writ and remanded the
prisoner to the custody of the Sheriff.
Mr. Crittenden stated that Judge Bahrs
had expressed a willingness to hear :irgu
ment in the case, so Judge Hebbard at
once issued a new writ, reiurnaole before
! Judge Bahrs at 10 o'clock next Friday
I morning.
FOR A CHILDREN'S DAY.
A Magnificent Holiday Has Been
Proj cied lor Carnival
Week.
Maypole Dances, Hayrides, Picnic
Luncheons and 0 her Delights
for Juv ni es.
A movement was inaugurated yesterday
by a large number of charitably disDosed
, ladies and gentlemen to give the children
of San Francisco a magnificent holiday
during carnival week. The idea is to give
I all the boys and girls who can be gathered
I together at the Golden Gate Park or the
j Presidio a day of such sports as will most i
delight their childish hearts. The move
ment has taken and the inaugurators of
; the suggestion are overwhelmed with
offers of assistance of all kinds. The one
| passport required to the sports that will
| be presented will be youth.
The orphan asylums are to be emptied
\of their inmates on that day. The chil
dren in the hospitals are to be remem
i bared, and such of them as can be taKen '
i out will be brought along, while the sick
i ones will be remembered in such a way
! that their little burdens will be lightened
i lor many a day. The school children of
j both public and private schools of course
I will come. There will be no keeping them
away, because the programme will be bo
very attractive that no child will give its
parent any peace until consent is obtained
| for their participation in the festivities.
There will be a maypoledance, which will
be one of the very prettiest features of the
day. Once upon a time there was a may
pole with its pretty ribbons held by 350
children, but the maypole on children's
I day out at the park is going to have its
i fluttering ribbons twined in dainty colors
Iby 500 dancing little ones. Another idea
of the projectors of this great day is to
ransack all the country for miles around
and secure big header wagons and farm
wagons and descend on the lields of the
farmers and get them tilled with freshly
; cut, sweet, new-mown hay, have them
j drawn by spanking teams of big horses,
j fill them up with troops of merry children
and have a real, old-fashioned hay ride
out to the green sward where the children
are to have their sports and games.
Children of different nationalities will
present the characteristic dances of their
country, because there is a man connected
with the carnival who has traveled all
over the world and seen all these attrac
tive features at other carnivals and is go
ing to show them to the children of fean
Francisco. There will be Chinese babies.
j Japanese babies, Indian babies, in all
| their picturesque costumes, which go so
far to make San Francisco so unique in
point of color and variety of people.
There will also be of course babies of all
other nationalities, and above and beyond
all California babies in all their wealth of
j beauty. This is all to be part of a baby
show — not one or those ordinary baby
shows that you see at all country fairs.
There will be no preparation for this baby
show on the part of ambitious mothers
who desire their offspring to show how
they can lisD the "Carnival of the Golden
Gate" for a prize spoon or some other
article, but it is going to be a most unique
one in its features. Then there is going
to be a luncheon for the children. This 13
j going to be one of the features that
probably will appeal most to the youthful
contingent. This picnic luncheon spread
I on the green grass is going to contain
: every delicacy known to the juvenile
heart, including an abundance 01 cream
Imff-j and aneel cake. Then there will be
music by juvenile bands, songs by the
children and other features that appeal
particularly to childish heart.*.
The ladies and gentlemen who in
augurated this affair promise to make the
I day the most notable one ever enjoyed by
i the chi dren of San Francisco,
j _ _^
DIVOKCE MATTERS.
j Expected Activity for Two Months on
Account of a New Law,
Divorce matters are likely to be ereatly
accelerated in the courts of California
during the next two months. On the 2fJth
of April a new law will go into effect
which will require that divorced people
cannot marry until a year after the sign
ing of the decree. •
In addition to haslening present and
contemplated litigation, it i 3 understood
that the new Jaw will affect the interests
j of a great many people who will hereafter
seek to avail themselves of the law which
permits legal separation of hu>band and
wife.
Under present conditions, women with
profligate husbands are able to obtain
divorce, and soon afterward they are re
married, their new mate not infrequently
being picked out before the old one is law
fully disposed of. This state of affairs
will be changed, for few men will be will
ing to wait a year for a chance to marry a
divorced woman..
Fine half-tone printing by skilled men and
modern machinery. Myscll-RoiUns, 22 Claw*
Suit* fur Divorce.
Divorce suits have been filed as follows:
Annie Keppstein against Goiluf Keppsiein,
lor cruelty ; Nellie Bluett against John Bluett
tor neglect; Annie McVicker against Alex Mc-
Vicker, ior crueity.
Advancks iiift'le ou furniture and pianos witb
or without removal. Noouan, 1017-1073 Mission.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1897.
H . A . ROS ■:.-A.J-..^^ w _J^f^ BROS '' HALE. BROS. ' HALE BROS, , HALE BROS.
********************
I ss» nrltl i It In A HA jft iinlfN sh3 - 1
I 4c Yard. UIIIIIIU I IlflU 111 IlilUiJ lillVrJ. . 6k Pair
* ■ *
1 iS^'-i —^^^^P TRADE SALE TABLE LINENS! £*£«. I
"^ No. 6 5c #A A >>% JH' >Hr**^^^^^S^H^ X m ,nn a f lo lf Californ l ia ? tore buy linens where the jobbers but-. Their agents bur direct from the heavy sea°ml°e^ SOX<
*' -No. 7.... 7 Vi5e yard /J7 \V\^\ J&PSs^-^* -> 'V" ' E *^SPS^9 9 i i« uf " otureis '5 Ireland. Scotland and Germany. They import great qu -.nifties. They pay *-e.iv>, seamless.
■^r Ko. » -c y«ra /Mf (^V\\\ S\S.<_^*jJ -. i - .l/^ I 1 T - WJBSHar 9 "* 1 "; rj' l g ,V al ld the manufacturer's profit, but. SO JOBBER'S I'KOFI 1\ • They sell to you q\ |v . "^
* 12..i2Vacy»r.l J. \ \V^V^<V>\V ><Kv>^—^ % '-"^a tP^? avrraM^'r h ClOry If •>•"" »'"y linens at any of Hale's stores you pay about what the O^Cililr •*
.^ K0.1ti.... 100 yard /^v^\ \O>>^ y^yyv/^ V-~> > \\ IPPVjL.'fe^' ' L^C? 6 rage merchant pays the lobber. ,» • . " a 1111 • "^T
«^r *" iO- j3 uyarq Iff $2^* C*\ JSvS^V^A. X^-^wBHHBb 9 D i,'? I ' A S , K . T f V WKL "~" T46 | UNBLEACHED TABLE DAMASK- AO C — *f*
*• —————— /// \C^ A"l \\^\/A \iV^9H 9 "ches ( 110! e the size), a " pure Full 6 -» inches wide. As a lender to HO ..^
• X /^N. >> /Av> S*/?*) \\\vi-«^ffi^EHl 6 A,' " klloUe(1 . "»«ge. colored 9CC ; the sale we will sell our 50c grade for Yard *>•
I Special Jo. 111. j if . >\(g> <> x^ <&%/% 1 W- "f 8 -Si'Vu,'/^'"..^ IL — Special Jo. XII. I-
LiNJN SPLASHERS, 11 M^\ (^X^^JVa , A^ 11 S TKA SKTS-8-4 size, finest douDlfl BLEACHED TABLE DAMA^K-The CAC CiKXTS 1 SuX, brown or *&>
\? 38^2X31 or LOxaO 1 \\ V <V^ r«?> a'^VV A'Js /I^wHHSH 6 Balm demasK. two ro™ purest linen made, actually 66 inches OU tan, seamless. ;*
r. l.c.s openworMeu 111 VVaVW* ) V X^/ - F 'vHW 0 openwork, elessntly frliiKOd wide, superior quality. Hales price.. Yard
•^ »uu stamina. lhe \|\ J<^<2s^<v /\V(^/\/ /I/ 'J- \&Bwff 9 on" 'ab.e cloth and on» dozen © '.OO -' ' - 10/' Vn'w "Z
f. --'clou \l\ rf ijfSM >S>Vr \V> (ih^ I i-f^BeF 6 l«-lnc-h d..yli« s comprise ihe^>o_ • 1"' I 1111. -X.
T 10* Toali iQ^.W/XT^l # -"^-V^l 9. 8Ct ' Hale ' Blnlc « bleached table damasr-aii 7KC
IJC fidlllt V^, di 'V» ) ( VV' W V J/^ ii£^m X TABLK CLOTH pure hnen flax, the fin. st made, 70 » U ■ *?►
Vk^ki l^**;^ \ \ 7 \ J^:/- '-^WW h bleached, ).y 4 yards long inches wide. Hale s price Yard
*" . ., , „ Va^^V M& ': ' W | SS*««? 5£ «».^.... t0 -«*-».».-«. Special No XIII I
*: >jj)U'liil 11 U. 11. N^?WBf'r <, i "*^ // VV^-^ O These are high-grade livens. The kind These linens are bought where linens are made. GENTS' SOX-Natural A.
T^ FACE KPfTTTjv^ ..ah >3K ' J ' .W4 9 lhalJi:i >' lo PUrChU3e - gray or brown. spliced \*
iS^'^ '^m^^ % ? BAMASK NAPKINS-Bleacned. 24 x St^ *
I 10e£ath. OoOOoOOO<KK><><><>OO<>Ooo<KK>O<>W^ 0000000000 $ towel th.s .eek as a special.... Each atSß£??«=s« % O zea 10 3 C Pair. |
I - ,v , THE SHIRT-WAIST GIRL FOR '97 , j^^M^^HSgsr*™**" ON - — - — |
*• Special So. V. ""to mill ifHioi uini. ruii u#« ;fta:? =^= :^«=«^==^gagg^^
-£l -, L ™ TO THE TYPICAL CALIFORNIA GIRL. TO THE OUT-OF-DOORS GIRL, TO %\ Till II IIIB&l fT ft T IBilfill & I ft ft WpcClal 11 0. All. £L
-JV TOILET l-.^'.-It, in Til SHIRT-WAIST GIKL. \VK .SEND OUR OR-ETING ! f\i la M&J |t^|| BIML El V IU I Hfi HJI s«jl ■ V
f n ' lls - I'AsjT YEAR'S STILKS WONT DO. RADICAL CHANGES ARE EASILY 111 DW Iff 8I I I lIIP IB I 111 I !¥l 111 8 Sll Pi A BEDSPREADS — Genu- .wL v
•4*7 , _  NOTICED. SMALLER SLEEVES. DETACHABLE COLLARS SOFT TURNED •■!■■■ If 3ILaIaSI 1 &a i I I I lIII*I If I I I 1 5J| il I me Marseilles, h-m- -* V
Z. /l« RaII BACK CUFFs: NEATER, NATTIER AND JAUNTIER IN EVERY WAY. .MEET mcd, full size, ready ii. M
<J'- tl/ llUll. HEB AT HALE'n TO-MORROW. Last September our a«eats negotiated with a celebrated manufacturer in Paris to suDoly • for use. ■.;•-•; ■> %* f
T. ■__ pur California or.-» with Mi linery Trimmings. As a result we show in our windows novelties i t r* « wi '-i* -^L
«&■ -■———■ NEW STANLEY SHIRT I NEW ORGANDIE WAISTS. the la lowers and Trimmings that New York and tho East are but beginning to see \l f\(i l<Q/»n
* WAISTS— AII the newest and beaut.fully fitting "Stanley," «J>l«tlV ill 11 . £t
«^ 'SlllW'll V/\ VI ! brluhtest. color comblnatious, sepurat - adjustable collar, and MUSLIN ROSES, one full-blown rose, OCC GERANIUM LEA "FR AND /-.-»>
t; »M)eCial 110. lit laundered cetacnab'e choker Cf)C th^new soft-tlnished turn-baclc a ova and leaves. At Hale's ..!...' 3S BLOSSOMS, a fad in ParlaT At 25 —————— S2~
_fc * collars, perfect fit, si ripen and OU cuftN, dainty warp print figurej. <2»1 .75 Bunch stie ? a — —^^— — — —
*? UuKN COMB-; 1 inch flowered tffects. Ha. c's price. Each lace atrlpe effects, the daintiest <S>± " nuo^a aiaie s s pray
* long ' "%ia\ss«L»2: -•-- . «-2--».. : M I !.^ 98 C VELVET PANSIE^ spray, , n . « Special NO. XV. f
£ ,J* , me^rV^aVeVu-ns/mo^ NEW BISHOP I AWN WAISTS. as Ufa At Hale's Bunch .bun eh the imit ation is per- 45 l'^lttl_il V. Al . ,|.
T DCtaCL rk^nTli^t^^a r« BOSKBUD«,4I«.b»neh .with leaves. OCC I, ? =
T? ?kl«.Slust"pr^r™crflr.e" To° M.ed cuff a big line of new $> J— | colors p.nk and -Roi Bruni." At £b- CLOVER BLOSSOMS, white or ar C or ecru- g ' 5.
" arateco.lar. 'Uaie'spric ]....!., Each designs Hale'sprice Each Ma ' c « 1^ : - Bunch ££«{& «»!* -m de- 45 S yd. 10ng.... «1 00 pair
X SnPfJal l\o VII (Every WaUtw7Tdverti,e Ha, the The Stanley AVal t I. the only * U^ ta ?j£*L* aThLiJ^T!?. ? 8i C ' "*' 3 Va yds 10ng..*1.,6 pair
2 lCldl _ J0 - IU * ■- Coat a—, the Very ZS:\»AST iSP«S«JSS« ~.*^ l^^?^~^■ B^ch CHRYSANTHEMUMS almost too X
*"^S£SriaSa , l-t.-i^.d.) a a Bk ir ln Bh ape^ FRENCH MUSLIN vIoITeTS. 6 dozen 9= C W^u^l^vh^piKnd^ .f- C „ .fv __. T
* inilH.txur . ?o close. RXW BTARLBT WAttTS, M» Lnew LAPPET sFkipkd OR- m .^ b^.. .^ H .^:::::::;:-.v.::: b^o 3 new colors that are Indebcrib- iL Special »0. XVI. * :
*■ »ra:e a>l jjHtable collar, Koulani (JANDIK WAlsTs purple Buuch al "e- Allla.es Bunch OjlCtlOl HV.illlt J *j>
* $5.00 Each. patterns, on b ue. green or pink o,c gr-en. lavender and blue, big LARGE VELVET AND SILK Yin- T5 c APr L KBLo S .soM~.,,., Nt , CRO p«^owc"^ca4sx M t
« Ttodosethenne, g& BTiJlgW*^ It $2™ *°< >^ .^ "^ ' tttt.Z*^*? "~ 2
4^. ——————» NKU - o NDIK-^TANLKY Jinished cuff. Hale's price . ... Each CARNATIONS, Jin . bunch, with 4& C "IZI 1A A ri O( ,l, T
Tr« ISC.W UKUAAUIh STANLEY lt-:ivi'< vprvnitnril *t Hnlo'a T D 1111. C 1 .1 II -^
t r, 'IV ,-,.. WAISTS, the best shirt waist BOYS' SHIRT WAISTS, "Moth- leaves, verj natural. At Hale 8 "1U BUTTERCUPS AND GRASSES- OCC IVbßllUlli
■^ Nn^(*inl lft 111 for the money in this «■ t\,a big er*s iriend" A bi X line came '\Tainty little buttercups hid ZO (Extra fine muslin.) 22
•- '|" ■■»' ill/, 1111. , Hue of very newest d signs. in yestfr.lay, cheviots, percales among the grasses." At Hale's Bunch -^
«s»r . .. lar«e flowers, Arabian patterns, and flannelettes, some pretty cnMF NPW rTJIOD^ " mmmmm^m.^^—^mmmm
*- LADIES' CAPES. buck etc, separate choker collar, the mi .ac navy blues, patent removable rf\c " Tlci *"*=*»* VULUK.. FORGET-iIE-NOTS— The dainti- Tor 43*
J^ orrnvy, beaver coih, new solt-Unished turn-back cuff. «Jpl waistband, siz-s from ito 12 OU Bengale, Beine, Roi Brunt, Rublo. Blanc, Hello, est of them all, pin* or blue. 1 y -. .. »- i,™
£? braidtd, opossum fur lits perfectly. At Hale price. Each I yeais. liae'sprlce Kach Ophelia, illau. Ta he, etc. Ask lo see them. At Hole's for  Bunch i <nfl/»!*ll Ah \VI 43m.
JsJ£ trimmed. »^^^>^^^^»^x^v^v^^^^>w^>^. <. »» » »-.»-» ,- -..^ - L< - L n^J n^ n _^ n _ r^> »* s^^» M^ M -^ N^^-,- M - M - M - M -,-j- >^^^»^- v^^>^-^- >l^_ _ ",-.,"- J.-^ ,_ H UjFl/Lltll ilO. Alll* ~^T
« $6.00 Each. NEW DRESS GOODS. ,>• NEW DRESS GOODS B^SS7S!tfS *
i. (locosethenn.., pBOMKXADE SUITINGS-A 36- /* // >♦ S^SB (OONTI^U^L). "iif"' The entire*
•-, ——————— Inch Cheviot in Invlsibe checks /<n c V / g X_T ,_^ **£ \S BRUSSELS CHEVIOT— Came In 1 nll •£?••
I Special So. IX. **«««"* -» /^- 7//-y /V / fyY?T?r Ss2s^^»S _^_ I
£ CHipi^ jack- TW E °,-J,?3'k?d?§S L J B Y^S • \m^ I wL/tSiL/^Sy S h/%J 0 nAIIToRDER.
| §;?;?€«:!« b£®..-=-^. E' / INCORPORATED. {KSS? Sw SIS^
I 7? 2 - 50 ; S^^H'"S3l ... 937, 939, 941, 943, 945 SSec^fft
| cr,™^>;;| ..ec,. «,«.„.,,..„.,., (2d MARKET STREET. ISSf* Sent '"' on *■•] lOc krd - *
COLLECTOR WISE
HOLDS ALL OPIUM
An Investigation Regard
iDg Importation Is
on Foot.
Chinese Said to Be Evading the
Laws That Uphold the
Treaty.
Over $300,000 Worth of the Dru£ Is
Now Tied Up in the B nJed
Ware Louses.
Consternation reigns in Chinatown and
among the opium dealers of this City
over the action of Collector of the Port
A\ ise in ordering that all of the opium
now in the bonded warehouses of this
City be held there pending further in
structions from him.
The amount of the drug so tied up is
said to be between $300,000 and $400,000
and another big opium scandal is antici
pated before the matter is settled up.
Mr. Wise's action was Jtaken at the re
quest of the special treasury agents now
stationed here and is the result of an ex
haustive investigation that has been going
on for some time.
It may be eventually shown that there
has been no violation of the law in re
gard to the drug, but this can only be de
termined by the courts.
Article 2of the existing treaty with the
Chinese Government prescribes that no
Chinese resident in this country may im
port opium and a reciprocal regulation
exists regarding Americans in China. The
treaty makes this provision "subject to
appropriate legislation."
Prior to February 23, 1887, Congress nad
made no provision to enforce the section
and the Chinese brought in immense
quantities of the narcotic.
In the latter part of 1836 $750,000 worth
of opium in this City was seized on the
ground that it had been imported in vio
lation of the provisions of ttie treaty, but
wns released when it was shown that tne
treaty tiaa anticipated supplementary leg
islation.
Then, on the date mentioned. Congress
passed an act as provided for by the
treaty, and the Chinese censed bringing
in the drug in their own nmne«.
Since that time all opium has been
brought in by white firms doing business
here and has thus lound its way into the
Chinese quarter.
Some time ago a shipment valued at
$200,000 reached this City on one of the
China liners and was consigned to H. K.
Davidson, the accountant of the Bank of
British Columbia. The size of the ship
ment excited tbe curiosity of ibe customs
officials and a quiet investigation was
made to ascertain whether the opium be
•ongeii to Davidson or was purchased in
the capacity of an agent for other parties.
1 1 was found that Swayne <fc Hovt,
Custom-house brokers, bad done the work
of getting the opium through and that
the larger portion of i be drug was event
ually transferred to Kwong Fong Tai &
Co.. opium dealers in the Chinese quarter.
Enough evidence was discover eJ to
make a more thorough investigal
tion necessary, and Agents Caleb
West and Lesiie Cultum, who-e
stations are in Washington and Oregon,
wert sent for. Tnev unearthed more lacts
goinn to show that the opium was pur
chased for Kwong Fong Tai <fc Co. from
Rosario & Co., an opium tirm of China,
and that Davidson was merely the agent
who handled tne goods. They even claim
to find a trace of a contract between the
partie?, and at once concluded that the
Chinese were violating the law against im
portation by those of their race.
In order to make sure of their eroiind
the United States District Attorney's oltice
was asked for an opinion, and Assiuan.
Bert Schlesingcr was detailed to render it.
He read the laws carefully and arrived ai
the conclusion that the transaction was a
technical if not a direct violation of tLe
law.
Acting on his opinion the special agents
addressed a letter to the Collector asfcinjj
him to detain the drug until the matter
could be passed on by the United States
courts and he made the order that is caus
ine all the trouble.
The price of opium will probably double
before the question is settled, as the sup
ply in Chinatown is limited, only enough
tx>ing taken out of bond at a time to sup
ply the immediate demand.
It is not unlikely t at if itis proven that
the opium belonged to the Chinese when
it was landed the Celestials will be prose
cuted. It in understood from the reading
of the law that neither Davidson nor
Swayneand Hoy t have been guilty of any
offensp against the laws.
Mr. Davidson was not at his place of
business yesterday and Swayne and Hoyt
said that all they knew about the matter
was tnat thej had cleared the opium at
the request of Davidson end supposed that
the drug belonged to him.
IEEE PDBLIO LIBEAEY.
Addition* That Have Been Made With
a View to Add to Its luefulnegi.
A number of additions have recently
been made in the Free Public Library
which greatly add to the comforts of the
patronß and to the usefulness of this al
ready valuable educational branch main
tained at the expense of tne municipality.
A number of new cases have been added
on the upper floor for the placing therein
of a large number of books that are not
frequently called for. Tim will give more
shelfroom on the main floor of the library
for new books that are being constantly
added.
In the reference-room, which every day
is crowded by those in search of data
which is to be obtained from the books
that are stored on the shelves, there has
been added a set of new shelves, whicn
are to be used to accommodate the very
complete rile of Patent Office books and
papers that are to be found in that room.
A map case and desk has also been added
in the room. In the drawers are stored
the rolled maps and the desk in to open
these maps on. Experience has shown
that maps kept in that form are more ac
cessible than those that are hung on a
wall.
The cases that have been placed on the
upper floor and which are to be used to
hold the overflow number fourteen, and
the changes in the reference-room will ad
rait of tiie placing of 1500 additional vol
umes there and then that room will con
tain about 6000 volumes.
Park Music To-Day.
The following music will bo performed at
the park to-day :
March, "MCapitan"... Sousa
I??*""" T/ "tiiovanna rco" Venn
7, (entr'acte et airs de ballet) Massenet
all z. "Teniazlonl"... Bo1o«iipmiI
I «iita*la. "KaoKt" Uonnoa
Overture, •Summer Night Dream" Suppe
Spring bong" Meudelssohn
••>.<m>,,,i Hun ariaii Llazt
(a) cnaractertstlc music. "Eschscholtzla"
.•■;• Gltrkman
Vi? March. -The Iron Kins" ...St. Oialr
••nail California," «i» soaz... Josephine Gro
Next Sunday will be performed a piccolo
solo by A. Logar.
Valuable Estates In Probate.
Will Anderson's estate has been ap
praised at $92.256 56, and the estate of the
Srth n 93,18007: 11 " 00 * * eiumated t0 be
JUDGE CAMPBELL
IS THE MOSES
Pure Food Cases Led From
the Egypt of Non-
Conviction.
The Manufacturers' and Pro
ducers' Association Gains
Its Desire.
But it Is Understood That No More
Talk of the "Push" Disturbs
the Breez. 1 .
"I will take them. That ends it.
"Every man brought before me on suffi
cient evidence for violating pure food
laws will be adjudged guilty and made to
pay the penalty. But there must be no
more talk about the push and their in
fluence, or, by the great Causa r's ghost,
every man will go scot free."
The speaker was Police Judge Camp
bell and the occasion a conference be
tween the Police Judges and a committee
of the Manufacturers' and Producers'
Association in Justice of the Peace
Groezinger's private chambers. Present
were the four Police Judges, Campbell,
Conlan, Low and Joachimsen; the com
mittee, composed of Oscar Lewis, Isidor
Jacobs, A. Sbarboro, A. McLaughlin and
Secretary C. L. Blethin; and J. A.
Filcher, representing the State Board of
Trade; Colonel C. L. Taylor, the San
Francisco Fruit Exchange; Chief Food
Inspector DocKery, for the Board of
Health, and Chief Market Inspector
Davis. Mayor Phelan came in for a lew
moments during the session, but lett
shortly.
Judge Campbell's decisive words were
delivered at the close of a long and, at
times, rather healed argument, on the
subject of securing convictions for viola
tions of the pure-foou statutes. He acted
generally as spokesman for the Police
Judges, while I3idore Jacobs per.ornied in
a similar capacity for the committee.
At the outse: of the argument Jacobs
explained the trouble that had existed in
securing convictions in ihe courts, and
said the committee believed raurli of
this trouble could be obviated by having
all cases come before one Judge. He was
interrupted by judge Campbell with an
indignant query as to whether the advo
cates o! pure food made ttie assertions ac
credited to them by tue press, whereupon
Mr. Jacobs denied the same with an avid
ity delightful to witness, and explained
that reporters were oftentimes very care
less in handling tl\e graphite. In view of
the fact that Mr. Jacobs at various times
has personally appealed to the press to
support the advocates of pure food in
their crusade, his denials were rather pe
culiar.
Judge Low •wished to know why the
battle was not made with the jobbers and
imnorters instead of the retailers, who
could not open each can of food to see if
it were pure. He was willing to take his
share of cases, but would not handle all.
The retailers, the men who actually sold
the food to customers, were the men that
ctime under Judge Joacbimsen's censure,
and he believed the right men were under
ttre. He was also unwilling to taKe all
the cases.
Judpe Conlan asserted for himself and
confreres thnt all cases in which men
were discharged from custody after being
brought up for violation of the laws in
question were due to a lack of evidence.
Then it was that Judge Campbell arose
in all his dignity and with a contempla
tive stroke of the hirsute growth that has
won him State fame as a human JE:>lian
lyre delivered himself of the words which
introduce this artic:e. By so doing he
voluntarily took upon himself the Mosaic
effic of leading all pure-.'ood cases out of
the Egyptian land of non-conviction and
into the promised land of justice.
Nothing m>ire remained to be said.
Common congratulations were exchanged
and all departed m peace, Judee Camp
bell's face shining with a beatific light at
the thought of his great coup.
Coffey and >mith Are Guilty.
Tne Supreme Court has denied the writs of
habeas corpus app.ied for by Attorneys J. F.
Coffey and J. F. Smith. These attorneys were
recently adjudged guilty of contempt of court
by Police Judge Joaqhimsen in the Chinese
giimbltr cases and sentenced to pay a line of
$100 and serve twenty-four hours In jail.
They applied to Superior Judge Wallace for
writs of habeas corpus, but were there denied,
hence the application to the Supreme Court.
Coffey and Smith were out on bail, but upon
the denial of the writ they were taken into
custody by the Sheriff, and irom all appear
ance they will be compelled to submit to tne
punishments inflicted by the Police Court
Judge.
Cloverdale Fair Exhibits.
The management of the Cloverdale Citrus
Exposition has contributed a large portion of
iis exhibits lo the State Board of Trade, and
these are now installed at 16 Post street. The
exhibits and their donors are as follows-
Figs, G. Hennzeker; lemons, M. Brush; silk
cocoon, Annie Borden; olives, Guy E. Moss-
oranges lrom Henry Hubbard, M. MenihaiV
Captain John Field, G. Hagmayer; lemons'
Henry J. Crocker; limes, James A. Shaw'
citrons, George Prescott.
The Glla Monfiter'i Bite.
The regular meeting ot the Academy will be
held to-morrow evening at 8 o'clock. John
Van Denburgh, curator of the department of
herpetology, will give a lecture entitled: "is
tiie IMteof the Glia Monster Poisonous?" The
public is invited.
■ • — * — •—
The average weight of a man's skeleton
is fourteen pound".
KEW TO-DAT.
*•••**•**•*******•*••***•
What Makes I
A Horns Cosy? I
, A ODD PIECES— *
fi^^aF^W TASTY YET INEX- *
j4\_3s3Jm PENSIVE — LIKE *
TOW? ROCKER at *
feo^i 9R *
Also Handsome Quarter-sawed Oak LI- J
Uary Table. . 53. 5 O I
.St'lish Bra. Mounted Enameled 3
Bed «5.85 3
4-ltoom Outfit, complete Parlor, liiti- Jr
Ing room. Beilrooa:, Kitchen <975.00
S3" Visit Our Carpet Department. J
Cash or Kasy P»ym»nt*— City or Country. *»
M. FRIEDMAN & CO. I
" (Occupying 7 immense floors), ♦
233235-237 POST STREET J
(Near Stockton). *.
130-132134 10RT0.1 STREET. J
OPEN EVENINGS. I
SALE CLOSES
MARCH 6.
oLr second semi-annual
GREAT AND GENUINE
CLEARANCE SALE
OF
ART GOODS
AT
S. & G. GUMP'S,
113 GEARY STREET.
PICTURES, MIRRORS,
VASES, ORNAMENTS,
BRIC-A-BRAC, CLOCKS,
BRASS TABLES, LAMPS,
Crockery & Glassware
Paintings, Bronze and Marble i
Statuary, Pedestals, French I
and Dresden Furniture,
In Fact, Every Article in Our Estab-
lishment, at a
Discount of 20 Per Cent
FROM OUR REGULAR PRICES.
DR. PIERCES
IS THE BEST.
A PKKMANEXT CURE.
Plainsburo, Cal., Nov. 5. 1893.
Dr. fierce * Son. San Francisco.
«kkti,kven— The flfteeu-dollar Belt has been
received and delivered, but bavn not heard from
x. .v <r \\i'V»- ' the ' erson yet about the
v^jt^^^^-- j/"£Vi! >/ . result, but lam not afraid
A-m^^N^Kw^G^ trt lllm 'on'" 1 * hack oq
»HL> N >.^^-^~>l-«MTym me. as I used one or your
BK»^*^'^T?-??S« Belts nine (9) years azo
©BM*»^£Ss ;^--< ;^CT ii '"' have never been
Wi^nTaWTSulr iroubled with pains i n
i£f7~~=£&9*=iPrr;.-f my back or hips . since.
niP rjy^tiy.'' »V so you s«>e why I am no:
.^yCJ^- >f afraid to recommend y>">ur
<,-.■? Belt to anyone sufferlnz
n with a weak back, pal,,*
In the hips »nd aide, as I was. becaus ' it win "cure
them — i. ever to be doubted. 1 remain yours to
help Uie sufferer. IjKu. A. KauL.
JKB" There are no -quack" doctors connects
with our establishment. Our elect'lo baits cnri
without drusrs. i'ric s reasonable! No robberr?
}'siabllali*'.i 1875. -end for tree "Pamphlet \,,1
2." Magnetic Klastlc Truss «-o. (Dr. Plerca ,A
Son). 704 !racr*mentost.. cor. of Kearnv seconii
third and fourth floors. Brunch office, 640 ilarkel
St., below Kearny. s. *'. *■>•.. ■ uiurKe s
AtiKNCIKS— ft, K. Oogin-s. 904 7«■ o
mento: Iho Hoiden Cruz Co cor VaJnand" M
Domoo sis.. MocKton; Jeo^U. Mor -housa *m}
Kecorul and San Fern»noosis.. San Josa '
NOTARY^UBUcT
PHARLES H. PHILLII'S ATTdHVr-v a^
\J Law and Notary Public B>w» m V '^ AT *