VOLUME IXXXI.-XO. 158.
MORE VICTIMS
OF THE PARIS
HOLOCAUST
General Meunier and Several
Others Succumb to the
Fearful Burns*
THRILLING STORY OF DUCHESS
D'ALENCON'S DEATH.
The Brave Woman Refused to Leave the
Blazing Building Until All the Visitors
Had Escaped— Sympathy for the
Unfortunates*
PARIS, FRANCE, May 6.— Of the
bodies taken out of the ruins 116
have been identified and claimed.
■Five other bodies remain unidenti
fied.
General Meunier, who was se
: verely. burned, died to-day. Mile,
de Ghevilly and Vicomtesse
D'Avenal also succumbed.
The body of the Duchess
D'Alencon was placed in a coffin
to-day in the presence of Prince
Louis and Prince Ferdinand of Ba
varia, Baron Lambert and Colonel
De Percival, who signed their
names on the sealed coffin. Due
de Vendome, a son of the deceased,
was also present.
Other victims whose remains
were identified are Mme. de Vel
leneuve, Mme. Cordoet, Mme.
Blinsky, Mme. de Cousson, Mme. !
Genty, Sister St. Claire and Dr.
Rochet Mazure.
The director of the municipal
laboratory reports that the fire
was undoubtedly due to the explo
sion of a lamp.
The Matin publishes an interview |
with a lady designated as "Mile,
de L.," who described the death of )
Duchess d'Alencon. To the Due'
de Vendome, son of the late
Duchess, the lady said :
1 ' 1 was standing with the Duchess
in front of one of the stalls when
the cry of 'Fire!' was heard. I
turned to her and said, 'Let us go,
Madame; come immediately.'
"The Duchess replied, 'No; give
the visitors time to escape.'
"1 then saw the crowd rush
toward the exits. The flames were
spreading rapidly and burning tar
COLONEL VARIGAULT, Chief of the Fire Department of Paris
t&ratin Jron a phu.ojrapli. made tufien he was in this country nearly two years ago.]
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
from the roof was falling upon us.
I seized the Duchess about the
waist and dragged her a few paces,
saying, 'You must come!' but she
escaped from my grasp with a
brisk movement, saying, 'No; 1
will remain.'
" I was choking, and compelled
to abandon her. The Duchess
stood motionless, with her eyes
raised heavenward."
Excepting the socialistic papers,
the whole press expresses profound
sorrow for the upper classes of
; French society. They reproach
the Prefecture of Police for not
taking proper precautions.
The Government has ordered all
the subsidized theaters to be closed
until Saturday, as a mark of re
spect.
The American Chamber of Com
merce here to-day adopted a reso
lntion expressing heartfelt sym
pathy for the bereaved families.
A similar resolution, cabled by the
\ San Francisco French colony, was
' received to-day.
X JEW CA.>AI>IAX J. IX K.
Will Be Built at Once Fro'n Winnipeg
to ritiiuth.
WINNIPEG, Max. May 6.— Premier
Greenway of Manitoba is en route to New-
York, where he wil. negotiate for the con
struction of an air line to D.iluih
from Winnipeg. For a guarantee Dy
Manitoba of railway bonds, the total
amount of interest on which wili
not exceed $100,000 annually, capi
talists have agreed to construct and
operate a line to Dulutli, and guar
antee a maximum raie of 10 cents per
nundred pounds on wheat from Brandon
and even points to Duluth, reduction of
$1 30 per ion in coal and a reduction ot 25
per cent on all incoming freights.
The Premier intends this road to form a
link in a transcontinental line projeeied
through Canadian territory to the Pacific
Coast. This line will also lap Rainy Luke
Eoldfields, iriving Duluth and Winnipeg
direct connection with that rich dis
trict.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY MORXUSTG, MAY 7, 1897.
CONST ANTINE, Crown Prince of Greece, the Man Who Executed if He Did Not
Organize the Greek Campaign of Fai'ure. The Picture Is Reproduced From a
Sketch Made From Life at Larissa by a Correspondent of the Illustrated London
News.
BANDEROS' BOLD
WESTWARD MARCH
Cuban Insurgents Cross
the Island at Their
Pleasure.
Movements That Show the Re
ported Pacifications to
Be Falsß.
Forces Destroy All the Towns In
Their Way and Then Openly
Challenge Weyler.
HAVANA, Cuba, May 6. -Insurgents
are very active around Guanabacoa, six
miles from Havana across the bay. About
1500 are now encamped within si:rht of
Guanabacoa. Co'or.el Fondeviella at
tempted yesterday to dislodge them, bu
was repulsed and had to re-enter the
town. He retired so hurriedly that the
troops left sixteen dead soldiers on the
road whom the Cubans buried.
General Quintin Banderos, after attack
ing Artemisa and other towns, led an as
sault Sunday on Caadelaria, sacking many
stores and securing a large Btippiy of arms,
ammunition and money. Later he met
the bands of Baldomers, Acosta and Gen
eral Adolfo Castillo. Thus re-enforced be
Ijroceedeu west. Banderos' marcli from
the eastern part of Santiago de Cuba to
the western province of P.nar del Rio has
been a great military achievement only
comparable to Gomez and Maceo's
marches last year.
Banderos passed Jucaro-Moron trocha
la;e in March near the southern line,
routing General Arola's columns, whicii
that military line. Though the
inct was denied it had to be officially rec
ognized a few days later by the writer,
when in an engagement on the Santa
Ciara side of the trooha Banderos thor
oughly defeated the Spanish columns of
Uusco and Ruiz. The Cuban general
joined Gomez at the estate La Refornin in
Santa Clara province and after receiving
instructions continued his. successful
march west.
Since his arrival he has fought the Span
iards al;no3t every day. He passed near
the town of Sancti Spiritus, challenging
Weyjer to battle. The latter sent the col
umn of General Segura against nim.,
After t\so uay»' righting the Spaniards re
tired to S-incti Spiritus. At Si^uauca
Mountain* Banderos adaed to his forces
803 men of General Alemrui's armj', who
vi-hed to go with liim to Pinar del Rio.
In a number of lights he cleared the
ru untaia district of Spanish, and making
.1 rapid advance enterpd Matanzas pro
vince a faw days later almost without- re
lstance.
One of the wonderful facts of this march
- the short time it took. Banderos la the
only negro ol high rank in the Cuban
army. Two weeks ago he was reported to
be In Matanzas province with 51)00 in
fantry and 200 cavalry. Fifteen thou
sand Spanish soldieri tried to check
.is progress, but he entered Havana
province and forced another military line
to form against him ironi Guinea to Bata
bano. lie is now in i'inar del 11. 0. His
advance bus been ma.keu by the (iestrnc
tion of all tae towns found i:i the way.
Near Bejucal, which was attacked a week
ago, he declared he was going to join the
Ducasse brothers in Pinar del Itlo, and
after staying a month there intended to
return east. His main object is to com
pel taxpaysrs to contribute to collections
for the Cuban republic.
ttpnin an<l Her Ilefornm.
MADRID, SPAIN, May <>.— The Privy
Council has aureea that Weyler shall co
operate with Marquis de Ahurtiada, sec
ond in command in Cuba, in introducing
political and administrative reforms in
the island. The council also agreed to
commemorate King's Saint day by par
doning L'ooo political suspects in jail a;
Manila.
DE SOTO PROCLAIMED PRESIDENT.
Nicaragua Decides to Help Honduras end
Sends a Gunboat io Puerto
Cortez.
NEW ORLEANS, La., May 6— News
from Honduras is that Dr. Enrique de
Soto has finally been proclaimed presi
dent by the revolutionists. The com
ruander-in-chief of the rebels is General
Lopez, ex-commander ana ex-Governor of
the Department of Intubaca. Tho second
in command is General John Drummond,
well known in New Orleans. Oi her offi
cers of the revolution are General Herbert
Jpffers, an ex-New York cavalryman;
General Alfonso Gilhardo, who figured m
the revolution that established General
Gutierrez in Salvador and General Ra
mon Morales.
Drummond has been placing in con
venient position arms and ammunition
for the past year. It is belio?ed large
quantities of arms and ammunition were
stored in convenient points in Honduras
and Balize. President Belaya of Nica
ragua, to whose assistance Bonilla of
Honduras largely owes the Presidency,
has finally decided to help Bonilla in the
ri^ht against the revolutionists, and the
Nicaragtian gunboat Lucy B, commanded
by General Pablo Raynes, has left Blue
fields for Puerto Cortez to try to capture
the latter place. The troops on the Lucy
B were pressed into service from neigh
boring banana plantations. Raynes has
also two cannon and filten cases of guns,
with which to arm the natives who are
expected to rise for Bonilla. The revolu
tionists know of the expected attack, and
have mounted a number of guns at the
fort. They say they will blow the Lucy
B to atoms if she comes near Puerio
Cortez.
BOERS ARE PREPARING FOR WAR.
Amy Reserves li/jifisd and an fppeal
Issued to Cape Colony and
Orange Free State.
LONDON, England. May 6 —A dispatch
from Capetown says the army reserves in
Natal have been notified to hold them
selves in readiness for service, and it is be
lieved the Transvaal authorities hnve
instructions that the Natal border
be patrolled and suspicions movements
reported immediately. The Transvanl
Government has ssnt circulars into the
Cape Colony and to Orange Free State
Afrikanders to assist the Transvaal. The
circular says: "The Transvaal Govern
ment does not want money. It merely
wants moral support. Come and help."
A million rounds of cartridges and an
immense quantity of shells will leave
London for (South Africa to-day, and it is
rumored in military circles that there will
be 35,000 British troops ia fcoutii Africa
within a few months.
THIS AIRSHIP
FLEW FOR MILES
Sailed Away Before a
Wondering Crowd
at Nashville.
Inflated With Hydrogen Gas,
It Was Easily Propelled
by Pedals.
Broke and the Machine
Sailed Back After Making
Twelve Swift Miles.
NASHVILLE, Term., May 6.— The air
ship on wnich Protessor Arthur W. Bar
nard, director of physical training for the
Young Men's Christian Association of
this city, has been laboring a long timo
made its initia journey to-day. The ship
lias been in process of completion for sev
eral weeks in a secluded place near the
exposition grounds.
It was brought out this morning to the
treat astonishment of even most of the
officials, as the secret had been carefully
guarded. At 11:15 o'clock O. C. Barnard,
dolling his hut to the exposition officials
and several hundred visitors, aaid:
"Well, I'm off!"
He mounted a bicycle-like contrivance
attached to a tiemendous balloon, with
sail propellers at the front and sides.
In mute wonder the assemblage gazed at
the ship as she rose slowly from the earth.
Then, as Barnard had promised, she
made a bee line over tho Northwestern
railway at a rate of speed of about fifteen
miiri an hour.
Barnard returned to-night. He had
gone about twelve miles when one of the
propellers broke, compelling him to de
scend, which he did easily. He will make
another trip in a few days.
The ship is of watermelon shape, 46 feet
long and 20 feet ia diameter. Instead of
the basket attachment of a balloon, the
ship has a bicycle frame, and, by means of
pedals and handles, the propeller and side
sails are controlled.
The propeiier extends ten feet in front
of tbe machine and consists of reversible
sails about onr-twentieth the size of the
balloon part overhead. At either side of
tue machine is a kite-shaped sail three
feet long by two feet wide. These are re
versible and are controlled by revo.v«ng
levers. The balloon is tilled with hydro
gen and is made of silk and cotton. In
color it is light yellow. The pro;ection
nffoided the operator is from an iron
frame arcu. d the middle of the body.
In every other respect he has a position
just the same as a bicyclist, except under
pedals, where t ho only snpportis apac e .
lirpcaled the i-au:
PRETORIA, South Africa, May 6.— The
Volkoraad held a protracted secret session
yesterday to discuss the answer to the
dispatches of Chamberlain, British Secre
tary of State for the Colonies, demanding
the reveal of the Transvaal immigration
law. To-aay the Volksraad repealed the
law, not because it was a breach of the
London convention, but because it is dis
tasteful to neighboring states. ;Coster, the
Transvaal State Attorney, tendered his
resignatiun because the Volksraad re
jected his bellicose draft of a proposed re
'py to Chamberlain.
WAR IS OVER
BUT PEACE IS
NOT IN SIGHT.
Such Is Now the Somewhat
Paradoxical Situation
in Greece.
WHY KING GEORGE'S TROOPS
LEFT PHARSALA.
Evacuated to Take Up What Is Declared an
Impregnable Position at Dohmoko — New
Complications Arise, but the
Powers Will Intervene.
[Copyrighted 1897, Dy the New Yorfc Snn.J
LONDON, Eng., May 6.— The *var is
virtually over, but peace is by no means
in sight. Such is the paradoxical situa
tion at the present moment. Latest in
formation from all sources shows the bat
tle of Pharsala was not a Greek victory,
as it was represented to have been. This
is made clear by the general retreat of the
Greek army last night to Domoko.
Detailed reports given in other dis
patches maice it evident that this is not
another evidence of cowardice and ineffi
ciency on the ysTt of the Greek command
ers. On the contrary, it was an inexorable
military necessity forced by the immense
ly superior strength of the enemy, which
made success teyond hope in the great
battle expected to-day.
Pharsala was merely occupied after it
had been evacuated. Its capture during
battle would have iuvolved the capture of
the major portion of the Greek army,
whereas the new position at Doraoko la
described as irapregnab'e as against a
vastly superior force.
The chances of Greek resistance have
rapidly diminished during the past few
days, despite the improvement of the
morale of the Greek troops. The Turks
have rushed forward re-enforcements to
Edhem Pasha's array. It is amazing to
note that 42,000 troops passed through
Salonica and Elassona within a week.
Forty thousand were engaged at Pharsala
yesterday. Moreover everybody in Athens
now admits that Greek success is impossi
ble, and the desire to retrieve Greek honor
will not be gratified by a desperate battle
acainst heavy odds, which is almost cer
tain to result in the capture of the surviv
ing participants.
The question hangs for the moment on
the intervention of the powers, which
Greece hopes for but still refuses to ask.
There is a conflict of evidence on this
point.
The correspondent of the Sun at Con
stantinople telegraphs to-night that Rus
sia is sounding the Porte and also the
Government at Athene in favor of media
tion. It is admitted elsewhere outside of
Athens that Greece is seeking an armis
tice and believes the powers are on the
point of intervening, but the London
Foreign Office flatly denies that any agree
ment has been reached. There seems to
be good reason to believe that Russia ai
least actively favors interference, possibly
in sympathy with her two new allies.
Everything indicates on the whole that
the cessation of hostilities is close at
hand, if it has not been already arranged.
GENERAL SAUSSIER, Military Governor of Paris, V» h? Had
Command of the Military and Police Ordeed to tne
Scene of the Disaster in the Roe de Jean Goujon*
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
In the meantime fresh complications
have arisen in Constantinople. Three of
the Embassadors yesterday discussed tha
Porte' s note to France in reference to the
protection of Greek subjects.
Russia unexpectedly objected to the in«
troductioti of a new principle — that of the
protection of the subjects of one bellige
rent power against tbe will of the other.
The result of Russia's attitude was a con
certed request to the Porte to extend the
time for the exodus oi" the Greek?. Tha
Porte has made a reply to Russia's re
markable attitude ana suggests that she
wishes for her own purposes to secure ttia
expulsion of the large Greek population of
Constantinople.
Enclishmen take facetiop.s interest in
tbe capture of Sir Ellis Ashmead Bartlett
by the Greeks. He is the clown of the
House of Commons. Tho House rcired
ten minutes to-day when a member with
! mocE solemnity questioned the Govern
ment on the fate of the member whose ar
dor in the Sultan's cause recontly won for
him a dazzling decoration from Constan
tinople.
FORCED TO RETREAT.
Greeks Could Not Cope With the
Overwhelming Numbers of
the Turks.
LONDON, Ewe., May 6.— The corre
spondent of the Daily Mai! at Pharsala
says: Yesterday's battle was a most sub
lime spectacle and had the most decisive
result of any battle of the war. It was
not the intention to have a pitched en
gagement, but when, at 'J o'clock in the
morning, Elbem Pasha arrived at tha
outposts to reconnoiter the enemy's posi
tion north of Pharsala a furious fire began.
The enemy had a good position about six
miles northward, secured by earthworks.
Along the low green hilh were two Greek
brigades in advance of the line. Two half
brigades formed the reserve, the whole
force numbering 20.000 men. The Turks
numbered about 50,01)0. Not all, however,
were engaged.
The battle was opened by the artillery.
The Greeks shot better than usual, but in
two hours began to retire across the river.
Tiiis was a great mistake, they being
thereby shut between the river and the
moun taiis without room to deploy. The
Greeks in places fought with the courage
of despair.
Great black masses, forming the rear
guard to hold the bridge, covered the
plain. The endurance an<l dsafa of tha
Turks was magnificent. The Greeks were
repulsed and vigorously pursued across
the plain, where the Turks had drawn a
semi-circle of thundering batter es. The
division on the extreme right tried to cut
off the retreat cf the Greeks to Doraoko.-
The remainder were flung against Phar2
Map Showing Edhem Pasha's Advance Upon Pharsala and Volo and the Greek Lines of Retreat.
The operations of the la*t few days have resulted in the abandonment by tho Greets of their second line of defense and the occupation by the Turks of the whole
stretch of the Thessalian plains from Tnskala on the west to Viatani and Velestino on the east, with all the line of the Thessalian X ulroad except a small piece lying
east oi Pilva L pc Gap and lying in the plain of Volo.
G eneral Smolensk. 's division after holding Velestino for a week against repeated assaults from great odds has retired to Volo and Haimyros, in either of which places,
with the means of retreat by sea open, they are for the time safe from any flank movement which might result in their being cut off and captured. With the assistance
of the war-ve?ae!s in tbe harbor they may continue to hold Volo and threaten Edhem Pas a's lines of communication by rail from Larissa.
After sharp lighting yesterday before the town the Greeks fell back last night from Pharsala upon Dhomoko, to which the main body of the central division of the
army had already preceded them. Dhomoko is some fifteen m.les south oF Pharsala, well up in the Orthrys Mountains. The town does not lie on the main road to
Athens, but at the junction of two others, whic > leading up from the plain between Karditza and Pharsala, unito here and join the main road a short distance below.
On a high hill jest east of the town, in a position to command all these roads and very ditticult of access, is a fort erected since 18S1 which can be made a serious ob
stacle to the Turkish advance.
These movements have further demonstrated Edhem Pasha's ability as a commander and shown that he is fully alive to every advantage offered by the nature ot
itry and the direction and character of the roads traversing it. When the Greek army retreated from Larissa, instead of following them up promptly by the
Pharsala road, he avoided fighting a way over that rough country; but sending divisions ovar good roads against Trikkala by way of Zaikas on the west and against Veles
tino on the ea=t, he created such diversions from the Greek center at Pharsala that he couid leisurely move Ins own central division directly upon that point, meet ing
ion until he was on tne Cvnocephalae Hills overlooking the town and in possession of the advanced post of the Greeks at Tatari, which, with the appearance of
his men on the road- between Karditsa and Pnarsala, made a longer stay for the Greeks unsafe.
ea a. The Turks kept shouting "Allah"
until the constant repetition swelled into
a heavy, monotonous ciiorus. Before 5
r. »i. the last village north of the river
had been taken. Then the village of Ya-
Biii and entrenchments near the river were
stormed, with some loss to '.he Turks.
Tl.e battle ceased at nightfall. A flank
in.' division was established bahind the
Greeks, cutting their best line of retreat
to Athens.
The Morning Post has a dispatch from
its correspondent with the Turkish army
contirmin^ the reports that the Turks
were successful all along the line and
Pharsala captured. The greater range of
the Turkish artillery caused serious losses
to the Greeks. The Turks continually ad
vanced under cover of their guns until
they c > ii i d almost touch the Greek lines.
The Crown Prince then ordered a retreat.
A dispatch this afternoon says an Eng
lish vessel bound for Saionica passed the
Greek fleet Monday night at the entrance
to the Gulf of Sf.lon:ca. The fleet was
proceeding in the direction of Saionica.
The Athens cci respondents of the Stan
dard, Telegraph and Chronicle concur in
saying the powers have instructed their
envoys to inteivene spontaneously be
tween Turkey and Greece. It seems tlm
decision was taicen owing to Greece's
steady refusal to ask mediation. The
Austrian and German Ministers received
late tc-night instructions of the same
tenor as those which previously reached
their colleagues.
The Chronicle's Athens correspondent
to-night asserts the collective note w:ll be
concurrently handed to Greece and Tur
key to-night or to-morrow, calling upon
both to cease hostilities, the powers un
dertaking a solution of their differences.
The Telegraph's correspondent gives as
conditions of the powers tue evacuation
of Thessaly by the Turks, Crete by the
Greeks and a restoration of statu« quo
ante bellum as iar as Greece is con
cerned.
Concerning these reporis that the
powers have intervened to put a stop to
the war, the Sun's correspondent was
officially informed at the Foreign Oth're
at 5 o'clock this afternoon that the
powers had arrived at no such decision.
The arrest of Sir Ell:s Asbmead Bart
lett, member of Parliament lor the
Ecelesail division of Sheffield, who with
his son was captured on a schooner near
Piatamona by a warship of the Greek
eastern squadron and is now being con
veyed to Athens, was treated in a jocular
manner in the House of Commons to-day.
(Sir Ellis has all along been a most fervid
philo-Turk in Parliament.
Vice-Admiral Edward Field asked a
long question, which was frequently punc
tuated with ioslTs of laughter, finishing by
demanding the immediate release of Sir
Ellis by the Greek authorities and a
huiub c apology for the iudignity put
upon him.
James Caldwell asked the Government
to obtain the liberation of Sir Ellis' son,
who, he Baid, whs in no ways answerable
for the acts of his father. [Laughter.]
Ourzon thanked the members for their
soliciiude -in b?nalf of Si* Ellis, who he
feit Mire was in no personal danger.
[Lam.h'.er.] He would be handed over to
the British Legation as soon as he arrived
in Athens.
The annual meeting of the Primrose
i League was held in Albert Hall to-day.
| The hall was packed by members, com- ;
j prising a great number of the moat dis
| tinguished statesmen and politician?, the
! best-known clergy and most prominent
j ladies in England. Salisbury addressed
i the meeting and said the Treaty of Paris
engaged each of the six powers signatory
thereto to respect tho integrity of Turkey.
The English, he said, were not losing any
thing by adhering to the Treaty ol Pans.
The fact was the six powers were bound
together by an agreement which forced
| them into a federation, the object of
j which was to prevent a European war.
I Keeping Greece and Turkey from conflict
! was of course desirable, but a secondary
J matter. The concert of the powers had
not failed iv its primary object, for he
hopea all danger of a general European
war had passed away.
ROME, Italy, May R— An Athens dis
patch says Amilcar Cipriani, the Italian
socialist leader who went to Greece with a
j number of volunteers to tight against the
Turks, was arrested at Athens to-day upon
the charge of instilating the recent public
disorders. He wa3 rescued, however, by a
crowd of sympathizers who closed aronnd
the police ana forced them to relinquish
Cipriani, who was borne away in triumph
by the mob. It is believed Cipriani will
be expelled from Greece as soon as the
authorities find him.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Tubkey, May 6.—
Edhem Pasha telegraphs, in reference to
the fighting at Pharsala, that the Greeks
were gradually driven from all their posi
tions until, after fifteen hours' hard fight
ing, the Turks established the.nselves in
front and in the rear of Pharsala, besides
destroying the railway at Volo.
In a later dispatch E'ihem Pasha adiled
the Turks had occupied Pharsaia
and the Greek intrenchments. The
Greeks, he said, were hurriedly retreating
to Doraoko, closely pressed by the cavalry.
ATHENS, Greece, Maj o.— The Greek
army has taken a position at Domoko,
i about twelve miles southwest of Pharsala.
I The staff of Crown. Prince Constantino
held a council last evening and decided,
as the Turks were receiving large re-en
forcements, enabling them to greatly out
number tho Greeks, that the success of
the Greeks was impossible. It was there
fore decided to retire to Doraoko.
The Government authorities assert they
have reason to believe the powers have
intervened and say Greece will accept an
armistice if proposed by the European
Governments.
To Protect the Dynasty.
LONDON, E.\-g., May 6— The Daily
Mail's Berlin dispatch says it is reported
that the powers have decided to land
troops at Athens to protect the dynasty,
Greece having declined the proffered
mediation and Turkey brine willing to
negotiate if Crete i« evacuated.
3io ></»•« Ito < on in /.
NEW YORK, N. V.. May 6 —The Japa
nese Consul has received word from the
Japanese Consul at Vancouver that Mar
quis Ito was to sail for this country on
May 7, fin route to London, where lie
forms part of the suite of Prince Take
hito, who will represent the Japanese Em
peror at the Queen's jubilee. Marquis Ito
is one of Japan's most distinguished
statesmen; w«ss Premier during the war
with China, and with Yama«ata was
largely responsible fur the success uf Japan
in that war.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 7, 1897.
WHITE LABOR IN
HAWAIIAN ISLES
Fitzgerald Thinks the
Conditions Are
Favorable.
Special Japanese Agent Will
Investigate Immigration
Troubles.
Wreck of the S'eamer Likolike.
Quarantine Extended— Haro
Klrl and Murder.
HONOLULU, Hawaii, April 29.—Yes
terday was the twelfth day since the last
of the six cases of smallpox among the
Japanese immigrants at the quarantine
station broke out, and it was expected
that further danger wa3 over. Another
mild case was reported early yesterday
morning, which means eighteen addi
tional days' quarantine for 13!) Japanese.
The 50l Chinese contract laborers brought
on the Doric are quarantined iv anoiher
part of the island. They will be released
when their eighteen days from Yokohama
are up, as they were all vaccinated and
quarantined before embarking at Hong
kong.
Minister Cooper, Collector - General
Castle and the other officials who were
exposed to smallpox while examining tho
status of the immigrants previous to their
landing from the Kinai-maru, wre re
leased from quarantine on the 27ih, and
are now at their desks making up for lost
time.
By the Doric the Japanese Minister re
ceived his credentials from the Emperor,
and he was given an audience by Pre-i
--dent Dole on the day following. Tho pro
ceedings were quite imposing. Minister
Shimamura, resplendent in a gorgeous
uniform, altendea by Mr. iln.ii, Secretary
of Legation, went in a carriage to the ex
ecutive building. He was received with
the usual military guard of honor.
Minister Slumainura received several
very important dispatches together with
his credentials, tiie contents of which he
is guarding with jealous care, inter
viewed as to their nature he would only
say:
"I am convinced that only the free im
migration to these islands has been
temporarily stopped by my GoTernment.
There can be no question over tho right of
the Japanese contract laborers consigned
to responsible parties to land on Hawaii,
and I believe that my Government realizes
this."
About the coming of one or two Japan
ese battle-ships to Honolulu Minister
Shimamnra stated that he knew nothing.
The Wilder Steamship Company's
steamer Likeliko is a total wreck, having
struck on a rock off Honoipu, a port on
the inland of Hawaii. About half the
cargo of sujj r nnd other freight was
saved. The Likelike was built by Dickey
Brothers in San Francisco in 1877, and
was brought to the islands the same year
by the late Captain Marchanu She has
seen much service about the islands.
The L kelike was a wooden vessel of 596
tons. She was insured for $25,000. Cap
tain Sachs has been in the employ of the
company for some months as mate, but
this was his lirst trip as maiter,
The Hawaiian Government, and Minis
ter Cooper especially, is much put out
over the published interviews with the
new Chinese Minister, Wu Tmg Fang, in
San Francisco, which states that he was
treated with discourtesy by the Hawaiian
(jovernment. Minister Ccoper has fur
nished your correspondent with a copy of
the letter which w*s addressed to Goo
Kirn Fui, the Chinese commercial agent
here, immediately after the Board of
Health decided that the Minister and his
retinue could not land owing to the smail
pox quarantine. It is expressed in terms
of courtesy and regret. It was the inten
tion to t:ive the Chinese Minister an elabo
rate reception, for which preparations had
been made.
The Britisn ship Wild Swan sailed last
Monday lor a cruise In the south seas,
calling at Fanning Island, Palmyra Isl
and, Christmas Island, Pitcairn Island
and other places. She will probab.y re
turn to Honolulu inside of two months.
By the Australia's mail the Foreign
Office received a cablegram from Tokio,
by way of San Francisco, sayinn that a
special as-ent of the Japanese Government
had left Yokohama on the cruiser Naniwa
for Honolulu to investigate the immigra
tion difficulties.
President Dole and Minister Damon
made an offlciel call on Admiral Beards
lee shortly alter the arrival of the Aus
tralia, which gave rise to rumors that the
Government .had received important
news. It, was officially denied that there
was any significance in the visit.
President Dole celebrated the fifty
third anniversary of his birthday on the
23d inst. by remaining quietly at home at
his Waikiki residence.
The Japanese community had a big
meeting last Friday night in honor of
j Minister Shimamura's promotion. Ad
dresses were adopted congratulating the
Minister. He was also presented with a
handsome gola-mounted coffeewood cane
I and a number of bouquets. The Minister
j did not attend the meeting, so a commit
tee had to make the presentations at his
house, whiie the meeting amused itself
with some Japanese dancins-girls.
Forty acres of cane on the Eleele plan
tation, Kauai, was burned by an incen
diary lire last we X, involving a loss of
about 200 tons of sugar. <
Samuel Savidge, 'who has been a resi
dent of Honolulu since 1856, died yester
day, aged 78 year?. He has been employed
In the erocery-house of Tom May on Fort
street from the day of his arrival here.
A horrible case of harakiri occurred in
this city last Saturday. A Japanese named
Himai cut his wiif's throat from ear to
ear in two places and then disemboweled
himself. Both were covered with smaller
stabs about the arms and cheat. The
deed was done with a razor. The man
died on Sunday, but, strange to hay, the
woman is still alive, though it is hardly
possible sho can recover.
Labor Commissioner Fitzperald has re
turned from his tour of the islands and
may leave !or home on this steamer. He
had a meeting with some leading mem
bers of the Planters' Association on Tues
day, and yesterday be met President Dole
and the Cabinet in a session which lasted
two hours. A synopsis of hi* forthcom
ing report may be gathered from the fol
lowing interview published m the Ha
waiian Star of his return from Hawaii.
Said be:
Everywhere we were met with grent franu
ness on the part of the planters and unex
pected courtesies were thrust upon us. No
where aid we meet with ihe slightest opposi
tion or reticence. The panters seem more
than anxious to secure the white labor, but
they cio not seem yet to grasp the idea of how
to bring about a change in the existing con
ditions. I could have lakon orders for a num
ber of white laborers, but it would have been
no use. If this change is to be effected it must
be done in a systematic and businesslike way
by ih<> peop c here. The change cannot bs
sudden and rndical; it must be brought about
slowly, but steadily and tirmiy. It is no great
undertaking, after all, when properly com
menced.
In my opinion whita labor can perform 80
per cent of the labor on tue plantations wito
out any hardship vhntever, and all of it with
out excessive conditions. Even the much
talked of labor of bearing the land can be
performed by whi'e men, and I will guarantee
that the land will be mucti better cleaned than
it i 9 by these little brown fellows. From
what I have seen of this cheap labor it Is the
cheapest kind of labor— but not for the em
ployer. A white man could do twice the work
I have seen these Chinese and Japanese doing,
in less time and with more satisfactory re
suits, witnout grumbling or considering him
self overworked. But he could not live as
t!:ey do— nor could any civilized human
being.
Tue labor question here is a simple one. In
California we had to pass twenty-one iaws be
fore we could eradicate the many evils that
had crept into our system there. Tnere are
none of those bad features here. There is no
need ot legislation. The only questions to ba
considered are ihe amount ot pay and the
ability of the laborer to <iothe work. The em
ploye can live better here evun than in Cali
lornia, and there is no question but tnac he
will receive his pay 11 he performs the work
required of him.
No class of people recognize the necessity of
a cbantre in the labor conditions better than
the coffee-planters. Collet -plan ling is now
beyond the experimental period, and within
the next iew years there will be lrom 5000 to
10,000 acres of land producing coffee.
There )s practically no labor to handle such
a crop, nor cm there be under the present
conditions. The picking season lasts but three
months, at the most, and during that period
the ratio of labor necessary to handle tho crop
must be increased from otoßto 1. If whites
were employed on the island on the sugar
plantations, their children could do the pick
ing. The coffee-planter is powerless to heip.
It ail rests witti the sugar-planter.
Now is the time f'jr action. Belay at this
time may ruin ihe agricultural industries of
the islands. The longer it is putoff the harder
it will be to cnange the conditions.
BACISii A.l VOLUSA.
Jockey Club Evtntu That Ering Out a
JLarge Crowd,
COLUSA, Cal., May 6.—The third day
of the Colusa Jockey Club races over the
Agricultural Park Track brought out the
largest crowd yet. The grand stand was a
solid mass of pretty hats and light-colored
waists, and when the flag dropped to the
three-quarters of a mile running dash for
$200 there were six starters. Jim Boge
uan, with McDonald up, won the money,
Venus second, Cherepe third. Time, 1:15
flat.
The next event was a stnke race for two
year-olds, lor a purse of $300, best two m
three. There were six starters. Lynhood,
owned by D. E. Knight of M:irysville,
won. Tubs Rose second and Lyneth third.
Best time, 2:41.
Next on the card was a trotting race in
the 2:24 cla«s, best three in five, for a
purse of $140. There were four starters
and the race was won by E. C. Peart's
Dukp, Patti Rosa second, Brigadier third
and Maud fourth. Best time, 2:28.
The farmers' mule race hau only two
starters, but caused a ureat deal of fun,
and was won by N. S. Wilson's Kitty P,
Beity 0 getting second money. Best
lime, 4:32 flat.
Tenni* "t Vnlo Alto.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., May
6. — The final match in the preliminaries of
the women's semi-annual tournament for
the tennis championship was played this
afternoon. Mi9s Slelia McCray won the
game. So far the matches have been as
follows: Miss Boring defeated Miss Shel
ley fi— 2, 6—2; Mi>s McCray won from
Miss Kidder, 6 — o, G— o; and in turn de
feated Mies Borinn, 6— 4, 6— 2. The final
of tiip tournament will h« pi*ved Friday
by Miss McCray and Miss Webster, the
present champions in tennis aiuoiit.' tlie
women. At present both are playing
strone fflnirs, and an interesting mutch
is anticipated.
Next Saturday morning the young
ladies' basket-ball team will play a lenm
from the Oakland High School. The
game is to be played in Incina gymna- '
sinrn. An invitation to wur.ess the match
baa been extended to i lie women on tiie
campus.
Exciting Knee* tit Hnhernfi'ld.
BAKERSFIELD, Cal., May 6.— The at
tendance at the races to-day was as small
as usual. The events were full of excit
ing interest. Jockey Finn was thrown by
Moss Terry in the last race. His collar
bone was broken by the fall, ana he .had
to be hauled in. Following are the re
sults:
First rnce, half-mile dash, Sontag won, Miss
Gentry second, Stockings third. Time, :49^.
Second race, three-quarters of a mile dash,
Grarly won, Eosclle second. Gold Bust thirJ.
Time, 1:16.
'ihird race, hurdle, one and a quarter miles,
Hyman won, Gold Dust second, Martinez
third.
<>n the Jiiii rifia.
XEW YORK, X. V., Maj- 6.— New Yorks i),
BrooklynsV); game called on account of dark
ness.
BOSTON*, Mass., May 6.— Bostona 5, Washing-
PHILADEIPHIA, Pa., May 6.— Philadelphias
5, Baltimore^ 7.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, May 6.— Clevelands 5,
Chieairo* 1.
PITMBURO, Pa., May ti. — Pittsburgs 3,
Clncitintuis 1.
Shnrlieij nnd Mailer.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 6 —It is re
ported that Torn Shurkey and Peier Maher
have been matched to fight twenty rounds
for $15,0^0 in this city, June 5. The con
test, it is understood, will be decided be
fore h club to be run by Brady, Gorbett
mid Pat Powers. It is rumored Charley
White will be roferee.
NFW TO-DAT.
Is your grocer up-
■'■■'■
to-date? Does he sell
the baking powder
of the day—
Jfqpfy?
To be quite up with the
procession he must also
have- the finest spices and
flavoring extracts —
XO ' Tillmann & Bendel, Mfrs.
nIIIIOIIPO FOB barberjs, BAK.
RRIIKHI*S <!T<1 ' bootblacks. bnta-
DII U II k O houses, billiard - tab'.ea,
brewers, bookbinders, . candy-makers, cannon,
dyers, flonrmllls, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories) «iaui»-
■ten. tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc. -
BUCHANAN BROS.,
BruahaiauufHGiur«ra.6o9tiserainento9b
MEW TO-DAY — CLOTHING.
FOR A CROWD!'
We're so used to having big crowds that we want to see if we
can't stretch a point and have 'em still larger for Friday and
Saturday. So we have cast our lines into the waters and baited
our hooks with some ofthi most tempting bait ever offered to me
buyino' public.
NOW NIBBLE]
The Naval Cadet
! I I ll^Jiffjl | The very steeliest and nzwest
IItJBIIB [ The very swellest and newest
Illli'lllllllnliPj^ ■jikb thing of the season— long trou-
r^Ksl/m^\ ser a air wlth a r6tt little
I W^W&K %\ yest ' eUher itl eafdef: trimmsd
jm I^SV 1 with white and black soutache
J\ ' I^Hx^ J or re trimmed with black sou-
|H^ r: l%^ tache. A suit that you can't
mm \ =3 \Ji touch elsewhere under $6, for^
SU^^L-^ll - lads between tin, ages of S
lil \ \ \ \ and 10.
AT \A '• \ On Friday and Saturday, and
'A \l not after that, this little suit
( \ \ 1 will be offered to you at
'111 <Ji Q 25 —
J\ \/ ) THE BIGGEST BITE
/^J_V\/ OF ALL THE CHERRY.
===SHIP AHoY!===
Some 1500 of the cutest little Sailor /V^V
Suits that you ever laid your eyes upon, h^d^^W
with shield front, 6 rows of braid on the t*" ■& ijT
shield, with deep sailor collar and 6 \T 7 ,
rows of braid on the collar ; pretty little .—--Wfc^/^^ •
gilt buttons on the trousers. A $3.50 ji^ \fe~^>ii^
suit, made from good English twill J N
cheviot, in blue. I \^^L-^^ri \ \
The suit is trimmed in many differ- I I \
ent colors of soutache, including red, I- \j Jj\ \
white, blue, tan and black, a very swell I ~ i» 4\ /
little sailor suit for lads between the \ . Jfm 'I V /
i ages of 3 and 12. . M^li!7 ' MJ
\ This swell little suit, v^2^->^3L/
\^r_ including a White lT"l/7
VV'v^ Tarn o' Shanter, at the 1 \\ H^ \
f/y^^P ■ most ridiculously low , ■ iijLi \ Lit ||| |(|||,
/6*|©- price ever quoted- jflf/ll i \ '|| I)
\Mf) ~51.75.~ \\ WH&W
Xj£ Nibble. J^ 1^
Complete Summer Outfit.
T/te Reefer Suits come in those swell Brown Plaids, irith deep
sailor collar handsomely braided, and in many other pretty new
Spring colorings. For lads between the ag n s of 3 and 10.
The Straw Hats you can have your pick from many new and
handsnm ° combinations.
The Brownie Overalls made from the very highest grade of
Denim.
It's the most wonderful combination that we have ever offered
you The entire outfit on Friday and, Saturday only at
— $2 20-
NO"W KTIBBIjE.
Bis: ! Boys. ■ «#.^!r^'
Some remarkably swell Suits j_f I M;:iff\ <
for young men between the ages J$A /'fife^fes^
o/ .72 a/id /'' . /"/^ ; trousers. W^i^^Ki£^^bk.
Our Young Men's Suits are f&i) jSmßrfyvKh^MSßbL
gotten up in swell style, differ- Vj JHk^^P ( *H!k
from those found in other %\f fifi»r«H:| f*3\
The Blues are remarkably L-^SbHWJ? [ f >^^
pretty , made in single-breasted T 'IpHyH $\K . ■-^^gmar
sacks, also doujble - breasted \\ C^^P^
sacks— real swell Suits for young \ %J^^
The Havana Brown Plaid I / A .
Suits are also very swell, in I 1/ \ '
double-breasted sacks, also sin- I \
_^Ze breasted sack?. One of the \ \
biggest specials of all the spe- 1
cials. Friday and Saturday at j
—-$5.00— \\
Frisco's Largest and Most Popular Juvenile Department,
Occupying an Entire Floor By Itself, 1Jf.700 Square Feet,
0, IX, 18, 15 K.earny Street.
\CONFEREES CAN
NEVER AGREE
So the Dingley Bill Must
Pass as It Leaves
the Senate.
Comparative Statements of
Old and New Tariffs Are
Being Printed.
One Expert Declares the Measure
Will Produce Ali the Revenue
Required.
WASHINGTON, D. C. ; May 6.-The Re
publicans of the Senate and House have
had no conference looking to the adoption
oi a programme lor passing the tariff bill.
Venturesome members of the lower
branch, like Groavenor, continue to de
nounce ttie Senate bill, but Reed, Dingley
and other leaders remain silent. Demo
crats are also still emphatic in their de
nunciation of the measure, but profess to
ntirely sincero in staling they will
offer no factious opposition in the Senate.
The announcement of the intention of
finally disposing of the bill by having the
House accept it as passed by the Senate
bas aroused an interesting discussion as
to whether this programme will be car
ried ou'. Leaders are unwilling to state
at this early that the plan adopted
for passing the Wilson bill is to De fol
lowed, but privately they admit ulti
mately this will be necessary.
It may be deemed impolitic for the
Senate to refuse the House's request for a
conference committee, but it is apparent
even now that if the conierees be ap
pointed they would find no basis of agree
ment and would be compelled to per
functorily retort the fact from tc time
an 1 :isk either for further instructors or
to le discharged.
Trns was the case with trie Wilson bill,
It wen to to a conference committee, but no
attempt was made to agree, because the
views of the £e;;ate and the House were
radically opposed. The bill, of course,
be materially amended during the
debate in the Senate. But it is the gen
eral opini >n it cannot be made acceptable
H,u-esoas to be approved in the
ordinary course by t tie conference com
niinee and that its acce; tance as passed
by ihe Senate is the only logical outcome
of the difference of opinion.
As announced in the Senate by Allison
to-day the bill is being printed in such c
wav it can be readily compared with the
Dingley bill and the present Jaw. Ttiis
arative statement will be ready by
Saturday, and the Democratic meniDsrs
of the Finance Committee will immedi
ately tegin the task of informing them
selves on its details in readiness for at
tacking the measure In the Senate. In
the meantime it is thougnt Chairman
Kngley or some member of the Way* and
Means Committee, speaking for the Re
publicans of the House, will formally ex
press an opinion of the bill as it stands.
Several^, members. of ■ both hove*u c* hive
tariff t-Xr/erts now engaged in estimating
the amount of revenue that would be de
rived Iroiu the bill as now framed. The
most interesting statement of this k;nd is
that of T. S. Suarstts of the Board of Gen
eral Appraiser?, who says:
"In rry opinion the bill will produce
jiutticient revenue to meet the demands of
the Government. The duty on tea will
aggregate $10,000,000, while the increase
provided in the beer tax will amount to
from $12,000,000 to 5U.000.000 more. The
increased duty on sugar will result in a
material gain to the volume of revenue
over that produced by the act of 1891.
I:. deed, this kiC/ease aione would be al
most sufficient, if times were prosperous,
n produce the additional revenue neees
to support the Government, as defi
ciency un<ier that act was largely due to
depressed conditions. I estimate the in
crease of the sugar duty over the Wilson
law to amount on tha average to about 35
per cent. I don't believe the increased
rate will materially affect the volume of
importations. There will also be a large
addition from wool. I think the increase
iroru this source will exceed the possible
decrease from manufacturers of wool due
to :he rate being prohibitive on lower
grades of wool- mixed goods. The cotton
BChednle shows very little change from
the Wilson law, and the sami- may be said
of the metal, tlnx and sundries schedules.
The increased revenues on artices in
clulpd in these schedules do not exceed
15,090,000. 1 think there will be a falling
off in tobacco, for the reas >n thst while
rates are the same as in the Wilson bill
there is ;. limitation on the tariff of to
bacco suitable for wrappers contained in
fuller bales which will necessarily work a
reduction in the revenue from tins source.
The change reduces the percentage from
1") to 5 per cent. This reduction will re
sult in causing a very large pioportion of
Havana tobacco to be imported."
BaS vluko UAituou.
Congreismen 7ri/ina to l'revent Ifclay
in //«<• Work
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 6. -Repre
sentative Barlow of the Los Angele* dis
trict made a iierce attack on the admin
istration to-day. This is the outcome of
the uupieasant interview he had with
Secretary Alger a few days ago. Bariow
complains that the Secretary treated him
with scant courtesy when he called to
ascertain why the act of Congress appro
bating money for a deep harbor ai San
Pedro was not carried out. Uarlow to
day introduced the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretnry of War be and
he i- hereby requested to communicate to the
House at the earliest date thut may be practi
cable what, if anything, has been done toward
the building of h hart of refuge and com
merce nt San Pedro, Calliori iv, as provided
for by law; and if nothing has been done,
why the law has not been c»rri« d out, and
fiow soon bids will bs invited for the
prosecution of .'aid wort, as contemplated In
the statute making appropriation thereior.
Barlow alleged t. at the administration
was in league with Huntington, the rail
roads and other corporations. At the
request ot Mr. D:ngley the resolution wai
withdrawn for the time being.
.Sena; or White said to The Call corre
spondent to-nigut that He would call on
Secretary Alger again to-morrow. At his
last visit", several weeks ago, he intimated
that he intended to present a resolution
in the Senate similar to that introduced
In the House, but Secretary Alger asked
him not to, but to delay it. Alger gave
or White to understand that he
would prepare advertisements /or bids for
tV work at San Pedro.
"That is all we want," said the Sena
tor.
It is understood that the San Pedro har
bor matter was considered at a meeting of
tlie t'lbinet several weeks a:'O and Presi
dent McKinley stronply urged that rigid
economy be the rule until an adeqnate rev
enue was provided to replenish the Treas-
ury.
But Senator White says that not a dol
lar of t c Treasury's money will be needed
lor a year and that the Administration*!
pretext for non-action is unreasonable,
RETIREMENT OF ADMIRALS.
Nay at Offic rs f/xng Up a Scheme to
Insure Promotion Before Bung
Relegated.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 6.— lf the
bit 1 lan arranged by several of the higher
cllicers of the navy is carried out there
will be more admirals and commodores
applying for retirement in the next two
months than the navy has known since
the war. The ooject of the plan is to ad
vance two oflicers to the grade of rear-ad
miral, which would not bs attained other
wise.the assignment of Commodore Dewey
instead of Admiral Milier to command the
Pacific fleet and a g neral shifting about
of stations ana duties consequent upon
retirements and promotions. Commo
dores Phvthian and Wallace, who will re
tire in the next Jew months in the present
grade unless unexpected vacancies be se
cured for them, are said to bo the fathers
of the scheme. Both want to be r<-ar
adnurals and are willing to give up a large
part o; their salary if they can induce Ad
miral Miller and Commodore Norton, who
are ahead of them, to make way.
It will be necessary for tliem to pay
these otticers the money they would lose
by retiring ahead of tha regular time.
The department will not oppose the plan
if the admirals aDd commodores can ar
ran.e it, and will place any ot" them on
the retired List that some junior be ad
vanced i:i grade before being re.egatedalso.
Both iliher ami Norton are said to be
willing to make application for retirement.
One thing which may prevent the pro
gramme being carried out is the Queen's
jubilee, 10 which Miller goes to represent
the navy.
Miller's orders are to return and go to
Honolulu as commander of the Pacific
station. Should he be detained longer
than July 15 the whole scheme will bo up
set, for Phythian will be retire 1 six days
later and no time will be afforded for
Norton's promotion and retirement to
make way for Phythian.
M.iler and Norton do not retire for
eighteen months. It is proposed now that
Miller shall retire, making Norton a rear
admiral. Norton to retire immediately in
order to give the vacancy to Phythian,
who in turn goes out July 21, thus dis
posing of three rear-admirals at once and
giving Wallace the next commodore's va
cancy created by Phythian's retirement.
Walluce would retire in November. The
fact ihat Commodore D<?wey is now prac
tically certain to be sent to the Pacific
makes it highly probable that Miller in
tends leaving London in time to retire in
the interest of those below him.
Scramble for Se/( Snap*.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 61— A num
ber of army officers have made applica
tion for desirable positions as attaches of
United States embassies and legations,
and are bringing great pressure on the
Secretary of War to secure the coveted
billets. Secretary Alger has decided to go
slowly in the matter. He has adopted a
rule that ofticeis who have had such
assignments within recent years or have
not served rive years with their regiments
will not be considered for the places.
A Katlirr Tardy Itecree.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 6. — Tfte
State Department to-day received a copy
of a decree issued by the Government of
Honduras, closing the port of Puerto
Cortez to all foreign and domes. ic com
merce. The decree is somewhat tardy, as
the department ha; already been informed
that Puerto Cortoz had fallen into the
hands of the rebels.
Would J-nror thf Veteran*.
WASHINGTON, I). C, May 6.— A bill
introduced in the House to-day by Young
of Pennsylvania provides that any honor
ably discharged soldier or sailor who
served three months m the war may be
appointed to a clerkship in the Govern
ment service without being required to
pass a civil service examination.
' rviner Itrookli/n Accepted.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 6— The
armored cruiser Brooklyn was formally
accepted by the Navy Department to-day
on recommendation of the besrd that con
ducted the linal trial, and a check lor the
amount reserved from the contract price
was mailed to the Cramps.
Angrll to t>o»n Depart.
WASHINGTON, I). C, May 6.— Dr. J.
B. Anged of Michigan, the new Minister
to Turk?y, had a lengthy talk with Secre
tary Sherman to-ciay about Turkish affairs.
Angell will probably sail sooner than he
expected because Temll is anxious to re
turn.
/ ellna Umtpital Steward.
"WASHINGTON, D. C. May 6.— By di
rection of the Secretary of War, Private
John W. Cleave, hospital corp<-, now at
the Presidio of San Francisco, is detailed
as acting hospital steward and assigned to
duty at that post.
Tynrr G*ta a Aetr flace.
WASHINGTON, D. C. May6.-Former
Postmaster-General Tyner vras to-day
mnde Assistant Attorney-General for the
Postoffice Department, succeeding John
L. Thomai of Missouri, res gp.ed.
J!rroinr>trndrrt by I'rrUim.
WASHINGTON, D. C. May *>.— Senator
Perkins has recommended Harry F. Mc-
Callnm for postmaster at Palm Spriugs,
and P. S. Bagley at Malaga, Cal.
OtAtKAT. GItEKXE'S JiIBTHDAT.
yearly 100 tear* Old and. it Still Very
Ac.tlrr.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 6. —The oldest
| liv.ng graduate of West Point celebrated
; his ninety-sixth birthday to-day. Gen
! eral George S. Greene is his name, and in
! addition to being the oldest of American
army rfVicers he is the oldest man living
in American public life, being three years
older than Neal Dow and eight years
I older tban ex-Secretary of the Navy R. W.
> Thompson.
General Greene was a lieutenant in the
army seventy yeats ago and a general in
the Rebellion at the ace oft 64, having his
jjw shattered while commanding bis bri
gade in the night attnclc of tun enemy at
t p foot of Lookout Mountain.
Despite Hi* fact that he is within four
years of the century mark he is as vigor
ous a* most men of (JO. and his advice as
consulting is in constant de
mand. He waschief engineer of the great
Croton aqueduct, later chief engineer of
public works at the capital, where he
planned the existing excellent sewerage
system, and later consulting engineer of
the Central Park Commission.
OFt'ICE FOR J;U.\GSIREET.
The £x- Confederate Hill lie Appointed
I mlrond Cotniniaitioner.
GAINESVILLE, Ga., May 6 — General
Jame3 H. Longstreet returned from Wash
ington to-day, bringing the positive as
surance of 'he President that he would be
appointed Railroad Commissioner, to suc
ceed WhJ<- Hampton, some time this
month.
Ever since McKinley was inaugurated
General Longstr* et has been an applicant
for office. The old Confederate com
mander is almost SO years old now, but
his health is pooa. He is very poor and
is entirely unable to suppurt himsell.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 7, 1897.
SENATE RESTORES
PUBLIC DOMAIN
Cleveland's Park Land
Proclamation Is
Voted Down.
Ex-President Was Referred To
as a Disgrace to Civili
zation.
Sundry Civil Bill Passes, Carrying
With It an Appropriation of
$54,000,000.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 6.— ln the
Senate to-day a new arbitration joint reso
lution was introduced by Bacon (D.) of
Georgia and referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations. It declares that the
United States deprecate war and desires
the maintenance of peace and friendship
with all; that they favor the principle and
practice of international arbitration, and
invite all civilized nations to make corre
sponding declarations.
The sundry civil appropriation bill was
taken up, the pending question being on
the amendment of yesterday by Pettigrew
looking to the suspension of Cleveland's
proclamation setting apart many million
acres of public timber lands as forest
reservations. Allison, in charee of the
bill, said he favored a modification of
Cleveland's order, but the pending amend
ment went further than he could approve.
He admitted the order wns improvident
and did injustice to great masses ot peo
ple. He said the President and Cabinet
are giving attention to the subject and
preparing to right the wrone.
Wilson broke into Allison's speech with
the remark that if the same thing had oc
curred in lowa which had occurred in far
Western States it would be in rebellion.
White of California concurred in the
view ihat Cleveland's order was improvi
dently made, and said the law should at
least be amended so as to allow mining
entries to be made within the limits of
reservations.
Pettigrew said his amendment simply
proposed to suspend Cleveland's order
and authorize the President to establish
new forest reservations In these areas
where it is proper that they beestahlished.
Warren, White, Ciark, Turner and Raw
lins championed Pettigrew's amendment,
while Cleveland's act was defended by
Gray and Gorman.
Cleveland's order was characterized by
Clark as showing "absolute and intoler
able ignorance."
An indignant protest was made by Tur
ner against requiring Senators who call
at the Executive .Department in relation
to th"se lorest reservations "to kick their
shins in the corridor."
"While Senators from the entire West,"
White claimed, "stand together and pre
sent this unbroken front regardless of pol
itics some attention ought to be paid to
our demand."
Gray asserted Cleveland's action was
the result of investigation started by Con
gress and intrusted to the National Asso
ciation of Science. He doubted very
much whether tne interests of the people
had suffered. Certain greedy interest
might have suffered, but it was time to
save those great territories of nature from
the spoliation of speculators.
Rawiins saw in Cleveland's action an
outrage similar to that committed by
William the Conqueror when he turned
an extensive English district into a hunt
ing reserve.
Pettigrew referred to Cleveland as a
"disgrace to civilization and a disgrace to
the Nation."
Gorman, in criticizing the amendment,
referred to the House as having no pres
ent legislative facilities. White also
spoke of the House being under "legisla
tive padlock."
During the discussion Secretary Sher
man came into the chamber and took a
seat, first beside Allison and then beside
Mo gan, with whom he conversed some
time.
The motion by Allison to strike out of
the amendment so much of it as declares
Cleveland's proclamation suspended and
lands restored to the public domain was
defeated. Allison then withdrew all fur
ther objections and appealed to Gorman
to withdraw his point of order. Gorman,
however, declined and Pettierew asked the
Yice-Prasident to submit the point of or
der to the Senate. The vote resulted ayes
25, noes 23. So the amendment was de
clared in order and was agreed to without
further division.
It authorizes the President to revoke,
modify or euspend any and all of the ex
ecutive orders and proclamations setting
aside forest reservations and it immedi
ately suspands the orders and proclama
tions of the 22 1 of February last setting
apart lands in Wyoming, Utah, Montana,
Washington. laalio and South Dakota
and restores these to the public domain.
Allison offered an amendment appro
priating $25,000 for continuing the investi
gation of seal fisheries, and for the better
protection of seal life and seal interests,
with a view to the final settlement of the
question.
To that Pettierew offered as a substitute
a bill passed by the Hoase during the Jasl
Congress, and reported by the Senate
Committee on Foreign Relations on the
4th of March, 189 U. for killing of all seals
on Pribiloff Islands. Pettigrew argued
that if that substitute was agreed to the
British Government would put a stop to
the barbarous butchery of seals by pelagic
poachers; otherwise sucu butchery would
go on .
The Vice- President sustained a point of
order aeain-t Pettigrew's substitute, and
Allison's amendment was agreed to.
Ap. item of $4), 000 for keeping open the
channel of Mob:le Bay was inserted, and
the item of $200,000 for Government
buildings and exhibits at the Omaha Ex
position was increased to $175,000. The
sundry civil bill then passed, it appro
priates atout f54.000.C00
The matter of the Nicaragua Canal
Commission, under consideration yester
day, was taken up. Hale offered an
amendment requiring the commission to
consist of five in-tead of three. The bill
now provides that the commission shall
consist of one officer from the navy, cne
Ironi the army and an engineer from civil
life.
Frye reported from the Committee on
Commerce the bill to adopt resolutions
governing the navigation of rivers, har
bors and other inland waters of the United
Sates, except the great lakes, to carry
the recommendations of the American
delegates to the International Maritime
Congress. The bill was read and passed,
and the Senate, at 6:15 o'clock, adjourned
till Monday.
T MiI IS JtAIS AT A. TIME.
lhat la the Period for Which the House
.Aomj Adjourn*.
WASHINGTON, D. CL, May 6.— A two
hours' session of tne House to-day result
ed in crystallizing into permanent form
the policy heretofore pursued by tbe ma
jority of adjourning for three days at a
time.
Dalzell's resolutions providing that un
til further orders the meeting days of the
House shall be Monday and Thursday,
was adopted— lol to 84, with 14 members
paired. Trie negative vote was cast by
the Democrats and Populist".
Bailey, the Democratic leader, opposed
the resolution for the reason that it meant
the virtual indefinite postponement of
the bankruptcy bill.
Dalzell denied this, and said that as
soon as Henderson, chairman of the Coni
mittt-e on Judiciary in the last Congress,
returned, the matter would be taken up.
The debate was noticeable for the rirst ap
pearance o' McMillin of Tennessee in the
role of critic ot the policy of his success
ful opponent for the honor of the Demo
cratic leadership (Bailey), although he
disclaimed any intention to criticize. The
effect of to-day's action will be to obviate
the necessity for Dingley to move, each
time the House meets, that it adjourn for
three days.
It if Unttlr-xhip lowa.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 4.— The
big battle-slnp lowa, now at tbe Cramps'
shipyard, will be placed in commission,
Jane 15 and lormally assienea to tne
North Atlantic squadron. Captain Samp
son, ordnance chief, will be relieved early
in June and assigned to command. Cap
tain Cnarles O'Neil succeeds Sampson as
ordnance chief.
LIBERAL RELIGION
RAISES A RUMPUS
An Episcopalian Bishop
Accused of Rank
Heterodoxy.
Arraigned by the Clergymen
of Many Other Sects in the
Far South.
Peculiar Doctrinal Strife Stlr3
Louisiana Churches to Their
Very Foundations.
NEW ORLEANS, La., May 6.— The
Presbyterian, Methodist, Baptist and
Lutheran clergy of this State have nnited
to try and secure a trial of BishopDavis bes
suius of the I'rotestant Episcopal church
for heterodoxy. Trials for heterodoxy
have been frequent of late, but this is tue
first time it has beeD proposed that sev
eral Protestant sects should unite to try
a minister of another sect, and Bishop,
too, and the affair promises to precipitate
strife between the several Protestant
denominations. ■>
The trouble has been brewing since
April 21, when Bishop Sessums, in a ienten
sermon, preached, so his enemies assert,
an entirely new relicion whicu ignored
the doctrines of Christianity and the
Bible, and substituted a broad numani
tananism recognizing the universe as
God and the final pardon of all sinners
whether repentant or not.
To-day the matter was precipitated
among all the Protestant clergy on tha
very severe arraignment of Bishop Ses
sums by the Presbyterian, Methodist,
Baptist and Lutheran clergy as not teach
ing Christian religion, but abhorrent
pantheism. It now appears that the
clergy of these denominations sent him a
protest two weeks ago in which they asked
him to avow or di-avow the sermon at
tributed to him. The Bishop sent no
answer and to-day the clergy arraigned
him for teaching damnable heresies. Tne
arraignment was headed by Rev. B. M.
Palmer, for nearly half a century con
sidered the most eloquent clergyman in
the South and the mobt eminent leader ol
the Southern Presbyterian church, and by
eignteen Presbyterian, seventeen JMntho
dist, twelve Lutneran and three Baptist,
ministers, practically the entire Protestant
clergy of Nsw Orleans, with the exception
of the Ej.'iscopnlians.
Tneir specifications include; Hia deny
ing the personality of the Divine Being;
fall of man; that Christ hath "redeemed
us with his blood" is not a sacrificial offer
ing for sin, but consisting merely in the
influence of good example; absolute de
nial of future punishment of the wicked
in the world to come.
As Presbyterian, Methodist, Lutheran
and Baptist churches have no ecclesiasti
cal jurisdiction over the Bishop it is diffi
cult to see how they can go any further.
Their aim seems to be to force the Episco
pal church to take some action.
GOULD AND SAGE.
They Hare Quarreled Over a Bagatelle
of $2,400,000 and Missouri Pacific
Stocks Go Down.
NEW YORK. N. V., May «.— The Jour
nal says Russell Sage and George Gould
fora bagatteleof $2,400,000;bave quarreled.
Gould stocks have been weak some time
on account of tbe row and were excep
tionally weakyesterdty. Missouri Pacific
sunk to 10. It was worth 55 when Jay
Gould died.
According to a friend of Rage, he be
came suspicious over the depreciation of
live millions of bonds floated for Mis
souri Pacific construction work, and upon
inquiring became convinced that 300
miles of construction had been paid for at
the rate of $I<> 000 a mile, when it should
cost but $8000. Sage explained his dis
coveries to George GoulJ, w; o denied all
knowledge of the matter, but promised to
look into it.
This occurred early in 1896. Sage dia
not press his claim then, as the Western
Union-Bell telephone contract wa3 about
to expire, and the separation of the Sage
and Gould interests would have been a
very serious matter.
After this contract bad been renewed
Sage insis.ed tbnt the Gould estate mane
restitution of $2,400,000 involved in his
claim of overpayment in the Missouri Pa
cific Construction Company. Gouid re
fused, and from that time the Gould
estate has been steadily disposing of its
holdings in Missouri Pacific and other
btuck.i controlled jointly with Sage.
Suicide of a Spendthrift.
DEADWOOD, S. D., May 6.— R. W.
Casey, one of tbe b»st-known miners in
the West, blew his brains out to-day. He
wat the first man to locate a claim in
Deiuiwood. Ha has made and spent
$2,000,000.
POMONA HOTEL
FIRED AT NIGHT
Drunken Porter Makes
Confession of the
Crime.
Prompted to the Diabolical
Deed by Motives of
Revenge.
Kerosene Freely Used, but Good
Work of the Firemen Prevents
a Holocaust.
POMONA, Cal., May 6.— The most dia
bolical case of incendiarism ever known in
Pomona Valley was that at the beautiful
Hotel Palomaers last night. There has
been nothing else talked of here to-day
and as additional facts come to light peo
pie are more excited «t the atrocity of the
crime.
At 11 o'clock last nipht people on the
streets saw flames bursting from the roof
of tbe Hotel Paloniaers on Garey aevnue.
Fortunately the city fire and hose house
is but three blocks distant and in two
minute 3 the firemen were on the scene.
For ten minutes they worked like Trojans,
the flames were subdued and no damage
but a hole in the roof and charred timbers
in the hotel attic resulted.
When the firemen had gone away City
Marshal Caldweil made an examination
of the upper part of the hotel. He found
that the lire had been purposely started in
several places.
Kerofene had been thrown over the
timbers in the attic and spilled along the
halls on the upper stories, while burned
matches and shavings showed that sev
eral fires had been started and for some
reason had died out.
Su-picion rested on the hotel porter,
benjamin Crews, who had been employed
tnere for several years. Marshul Caldweil
had a long talk with Crews and urged
him to tell the truth, and when the man
saw how strong the evidence was against
him he weakened.
Crews coniessed that in a drunken frenzy
an'l with the motive of revenge on the
Hotel Palomaers Company for some petty
reason he planned to burn the hotel build
ing to the ground. He was promptly
arrested and has been weeping in jail nere
ever since. He has made a written con
fession of his crime, in the hope that it
will help his defense when he comes up
for trial.
Crews is about 26 years old, and has a
wife and two children. The hotel com
pany has employed him for several years,
and he was regarded as an exemplary
character. The Hotel Palomaers is a
larpe wooden building. It cost over
$70,000, and is owned by Srailie Brothers
of OaKland, Richard Gird and A. T. Cur
rier. It has been partially closea for some
time, but some of its euests, among them
Cauitnlist Thomas Wick ware and wife of
San Francisco, were permitted to keep
rooms there. Had the hre been started
one hour later, when every one here was
abed, it is very likely that the whole
building would have burned to the ground
and human lives have been lost.
BIG RALLY OF THE TURNERS.
They B gin to Gather at St. Louis, Wh.ch
/s Gcyly Decorated in
Their Honor.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., May 6.— The Mound
City is gayly decorated to-day in honor of
the opening of the twenty-seventh fes
tival of the North American Gymnastic
Union.
This organization, formerly known as
the Turnerbund, has a membership ex
tending to every State and almost every
county in the Union, and its international
fests, which are held quadrennially, are
the great event of every four years in Ger
man turner circles.
Delegates have been arriving from out
side points for several days, and at the
headquarters of the reception committee
it is estimated this morning that fully
7000 members of the various gymnastic
unions of the country are on the ground.
This number will be increased by one
third within the next twenty-four hours.
Outside of the members of the unions
proper, the event attracts a great throng
of merry-making Germans, and it is cal
culated that fully 100,000 strangers will bs
in the city fcr the week of the lest.
The fair grounds have been rented for
the occasion, and most of tha exercises
will be held in the big field witnin the
racetrack. No prizes of money or medals
are awarded to the winners of tlie various
events, but they are crowned with laurel
wreaths and recognized with diplomas,
which are as highly prized by the victors
as rewards of greater intrinsic vnlue.
The laurel for the wreaths has been
brought by the California division.
The festival opened this afternoon with
a big street parade, following which the
athletic exercises commenced at the fair
grounds. By way of innovation, bicycle
races figure in the fest programme.
There will be the usual oratorical con
test, a:id one evening will be devoted to
prize singing. In tne calisthenics compe
tition there will be a warm straggle be
tween Davenport, Iowa; Milwaukee and
Cincinnati turners.
THIMTS'S lUCeyT&SMIAI,.
Exereia** in th* Church Whrr* George
M<i i.'< iiujton Worshiped.
NEW YORK, N. V., May —The bicen
tennial exercises of Trinity Church were
continued 10-day, the address at the noon
service being delivered by Rev. Dr. Ilunt
ington of Grace Church.
~ To-night there was a celebration of all
the Sunday-schools in the parish at St.
Paul's chapel. So large was the number
of children representing the various Sun
day-schools connected with the parish
that it was impossible to seat them all in
St. Paul's, and accordingly the attendance
was limited to a representation of 100 from
each of the nine schools. These were ac
companied by acolytes and each bore its
school banner, the delegations uniting in
a grand festal service. The principal ad
dress was delivered by the Bishop of
Washington, Right Rev. Henry Yates
Satterlee.
It was in St. Paul's Church that Wash
ington worshiped, and the exercises to
nieht had special reference to the history
of the father of his country.
Trraiurer ilotcland't Body Found.
NEW BEDFORD, Mass., May 6.—Treas
urer Howland's body was found in tho
river this morninc Howland was treas
urer of the New Bedford mills which
failed. He has been missing since the
lailure. It whs not thought by those who
knew him that Howland was (he kind of
man to commit suicide. He has always
been a cheerful person and ready to take
a ro-eato view of life. There were always
those who doubted his honesty, however,
and when he disappeared they said be had
gone to Europe with funds belonging to
tbe mills. His friends, however, asserted
tliat he would return and clear himself.
NEW TO-DAY — CLOTHING.
TOASTWGIIjEAirTIFUL!
$| | | When round the festive board such
■iH I ® beautiful round the festive board such
111 beautiful sights greet you, such rich and
I 1 1 1 rare fabrics, such rich and rare styles,
• I f I sic ch elaborateness and goodness, as we
i ® i ® have shown in the excellent clothes in
I I I I this royal spread at excellent clothes
111 this royal spread at $10, it has called
I 111 forth a toasting, a good-natured, felic-
| | I I itious toasting by the public, extoUing
111 § upon the beauty and merit of these
| | I | goods toasting by the public, extolling
I I i upon the beauty and merit of these
ill goods in the royal spread' at
' 3i 1 C\
® ® • ® ® * vpHJ *
(•) W ® v*)
I II i; :In \ V
o§iff§ \
Men folks are slow to enthuse,
but when they do they bubble
over with it. That is the condi-
tion of the men folks about town
to-day. Xever have they been
roused to such enthusiasm as
by this remarkably high-class
sale of ours ; it has roused them
to a pitch of unbounded enthus-
iasm—and rightly it should, for
never have such swell clothes
b"en placed before the public,
such high-class garments, such
sivell-looking clothes, such good-
looking clothes, as contained in
the royal spread in our massive
window at
— $10 —
I OUR 'Q UE T WINDOW IS c/^V EVI- |
I DENCE OF OUR GOOD FAITH AND |
| HONESTY OF PURPOSE. |
•| i OPEN EVEjYIjYGS. I
FRISCO'S FASHIONABLE CLOTHIERS,
9, 11, 13 and 15 Kearny Street
Every fashionable idea as to
fabric, as to cut of garment.
j can be fully realized in this
royal spread at
— $10 —
The most critical tastes, in-
most fastidious dresser, the most
painstaking dresser, whether h •
I desires a garment jor business
or dress ivear. whether a plain
solid color or a fancy Spring
pattern — irrespective of ta^ste
and irrespective of cost, no mat-
ter how extravagant your no-
tions may be as to dress, in this
i royal spread your taste, your
' pocket, both can be pleased.
--$10—
34
DEATH ENTERS THE
FORESTERS' COURT
Grand Secretary Bremer
Suddenly Expires at
Marysville.
Brilliant Badges of Delegates
Turned Into Emblems of
Mourning.
Candidates for the Vacant Position.
Supreme Court Repre
sentatives.
MARYSVILLE, Cai.., May tj.-Grand
< b el Rancer Yellage raoped the triird
day's session o! tbe Grand Court to order
promptly at 9 o'clock this morning. At
roilcall a eoodlv number of delegates were
,".b*Mit, but tbe«e tardy gentlemen Bp
t<eared before active work began.
Tbere was a lively ;nterest in tbe out
come of the election for trustees, and thit
came up immediately after roilcall.
Messrs. Co burn oJ Francisco, Lewis
of Pleasanton and bavies of Auburn were
placed in DOBsiastioD. It required two
tjaiiots to decuie tbis contest, which re
. mi U c e.ection o' Lewis by three
majority.
The election of representatives to the
Supreme Court, which meets in Denver,
< oiO., came next :n order, and the follow
ing gentlemen were nominated : Samuel
Waller of san Francisco, Ed Wolfe of Han
FrancUco, A. Orfiia o! Los Angeles. CL I.
Kendon of Btockton, E. S. Harrison of
.-■an Francisco, W. 11. Blackmail of Los
Angeles, Sylvester Sbaben ot Sa;i Fran-
Otto Greger oi Eureka, J. C. ing of
Sacramento, J. F. Hallett of San Fran
cisco, F. M. Jennings of San Diego, F. S.
JlenilfV oi San Francisco, Tnomas H.
Nichols of .Sun Ilafp.el, Samuel Obedina of
Santa Clara, John C. Tungate of San
Francisco, I.. F. Newby of Dixon, Jumes
Heaiing oi San Francisco, James Lacken
'f .-an Francisco, R. B. Vellapo of Ain
meda and James Kavanbugh oi San Fran
cisco.
It was a long, tedious job ralline the
roll to determine the success:ul candidates
for these positions, and it was nearly 1
o'clock when the worn was completed.
[lowing are the successful candidates:
Sam Waller, Sylvester Shanen, Ed 1.
Wolfe. F. Harrison and J. F. Hallett of
Sai. Francisco, C I. Kendou oi Stockton,
!:. B. Vellaxe oi Aiameda, A. (Mila and
W. H. Blackmail of Lo 3 Angeles, F. M.
J niuiiKS d! Suu D.ego. J. C. Ing of S.ic
rarnento, Otto Or*ROr of Eureka ami 11.
Obedina oi Sania Clara,
'1 he alternates selected were as follows:
.lani^s M. Lacken, James Healing, James
Kavanauzh, I. C. lleusley, J. B. Turn
gate L Aron, K. Skinner, J. Berry. A. G.
kivera, E. Wane, B. F. Newby, T. It. Dee
»:iu J. li. Dolan.
At 2 o'cU«ck this afternoon the (irand
Ci>uit convened and after Ibe selection of
alternates tht* question of holding the an
nual sessions in the City of San Fran
cisco was debated upon and lost by a vote
(,1 Li to 72.
'ihe important question aroso to-day as
to what effect does a charter of incorpora
tion from the Secretary of State of Cah
fornia h«ve on tbw Grand Court of Cali
fornia. Delegate John lleenan contended
that ttie property of ttie order la a trust
fund and cannot be given or granted to
any corporation. An appeal in the prem
ises will be taken to the Supreme Court of
tne order to finally adjudicate whethei or
not a Grand Court may incorporate, and
il it may incorporate what effect the in
corporation will have on the Grand
Court, the Supreme Court of the order re
maining unincorporated.
Numerous communications were read
nnd referred to the proper committees.
The report of the mileage committee was
read and created considerable discussion
in regard to the amount of per diem to be
allowed the grniiu oilicers.
At 4:43 r. m. Chris Brem«r, th? grand
secretary, waa noticed to swoon in his
chair, and soon Delegate! Cordy, Healing
and I'eiser were by his side. Dr. \Veldon,
Dr. Flint, S. L Waller and K. E. Skinner
were in the meeting hall and took charge
of the patiint. The delegates never im
agined that their genial and beloved
prune! secretary had nat at his last meet
ing of the Grar.d Court, ior Door Chris
JJrcmer was dead. The delegates at once
dispersed from the meeting hall and little
groups of sorrow-stricken Foresters could
be seen on every street discusslne the sad
eT«nt.
Mr. B'erner attended this Grand Court
against the wishes oi his friends, as he
has been in poor health for some time,
but his wbole heart and soul were with
the upbuilding of Forestry, and the ad
vice of his friends was not needed.
Grand Chief Kangnr Vellnge adjourned
the Grand Court and the brilliant badges
"f the delegates were soon turned into em
blems of mournintr, each delegate wearing
a imall piece of crape pinned to hi< badge
in respect to the memory of the baloved
prand seer tary. Flags are flying at half
mnst in the city <>f Marysvillu tri-night.
Dr. W. A. Weldon, grand junior beadle,
Mini to-night: "i had been informea in
Sari FrancißCO by Hanuiel Waller that
Grand Secretary Bremer had been exam
ined a »hort while aco by his brother, Dr.
Waller, and thai he was suffering from
Brigbl's disease and falty degeneration of
the heart.
"Wlicm I «aw him here at Marysville I
v;is shocked at tiie great change lie had
undergone in the pust year and thoueht it
Dnwiaa lor him to come lo the Grand
Court IttMting, but he thought the excite'
nientol MispenM- at ho:.ic would be far
greater than the excitement at the (irand
Court meet i n it. Secretary liremer was in
■uch oondltion thai any excitement was
tuiai to him, ami it was only a question of
existence of a very short time even if all
excitement had been avoided."
Tho banquet to the grand oflicprs nnd
doiegates 10 tlie Qrand Court hail been pre
pared nnd was to be one of the features oi
the Msaion, but out of respect to the mem
ory of the grand secretary it has been de
clared off and a!»i> nil other things in the
way of I'leasurn. The Grand Court will
convene to-morrow morning at 11 o'clock
and immediately adjourn.
The body of the deceased will be shipped
to San, FraBCiSCO, and the funeral will be
held ruiiday at 10 a. m. The grand chief
ranger has issued a call, requesting all the
.'iibordinate courts at or near t-fan T'rnn
cisco to attend tho funeral.
Local Foresters are making arranpe-
JMAta for the funeral. Court Golden
Weti No, 20 will turn out in a body.
Junior Court Pndo of Ihe Golden West
lias also bttn ordered to turn out by Chief
'•tangpr Sul IVi-or No. '1. The remains of
.he deceased secretary will be interred in
(ion n tain View cemetery, Oaxlaud. At
pcesflDt it is the intention to hold the
iuneraJ Sunday.
There are several candidates in the field
to Bremer as grand secretary.
A.non^ thorn aro William Deane, Lewis
Thorn i»1 L;>s Ajigole*, J. J. Cordy and Sol
Peisex No. l.
■-an Jii:f.iol J irrttirn't He-tie.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., May 6.— The San
Rafael Fire Department is preparing to
hold a tournament and picnic on tne 4th
of July. At a meeting held last night the
following committee on arrangements
was chosen; Ciiiel Johansen, First Ar
sistant A. Macken, ex-Chief Georce Hard
ing, Henry .Peterson and Fred Schaer.
Invitations have been extended to the
Milt Valley and Sausalito F<re Depart
ments and it is expected tnat the San
Rafael Athletic and Bicycle clubs, Com
pany D, National Guard of California, and
the Tamalpais Parlor, Native Sons of the
Golden West, will participate. Ihe af
fair will be held at San Rafael Park ana
will be free to all.
SAN JOSE ROMANCE.
Aged Lady Manager of a Trance Medium
Deserted for a Buxom Domestic
WAh $700 in Cash.
BAN JOSE, Cal., May G — Bishop Garri
son, a spiritual trance medium who has
been holding "phenomenal seances" at
the Auzerais House for the past two
weeks, is said to have deserted his man
ager, Mrs. Swasyer, and fled the city with
a ?an Francisco r-ervant-pirl posse- sed of
$70J in casli. Mr?. Bwatgrer, a n>otberly old
r.-.ily of about 60 ye;ir~. became enamored
of Garrison in San Francisco, and for the
i ast :en months she has been managing
the medium's affairs and paying all his
bills'.
Tuesday evening a servan'i-«irl Known
ty tbe simple i.anie of Mary came down
from Sau Francl»co to call on Mr.". Swas
yer. Ehe had 5700 with her that she bad
saved. In the evening Mary and Garrison
went ont for a walk and that was the last
seen of the couple.
Mrs. Swasyer claims tbat Garrison u«ed
his hypnotic power over Mary to entice
her away and secure her money, it is
thought the couple have loft the State.
*-
in bglaMiou* uirJEtia set FKKK.
Jhnj Fromixe to Ho Theft- Hay and Sin
-Vo Jl ore.
SAN JOSE, (At... May 0 —The charge of
burglary against Loupie Higuera and
James Ferri was dismissed by Justice
Dwyer to-day on the payment of costs of
court by the defendant-. The girl was
employed by H. F. Bultbois at 676 North
Whitney street. Ferri frequently visiied
her at tbe place during Hie absence of the
Kultbuis fnmilv, and on one of these oc
casions the coupie Drok« open a trunk and
extracted $Li. Lnupie and her lover then
Bed to Kan Francisco, where they spent
their loot in seeing the sights. They re
turned about a week ngo and were ar
rested. Since then their time has been
spent in jail, in default of $10Ot) bail.
This in not the first time the parties have
been in court, for a short time ago Ferri
charged Loupie with robbery in order to
have her brought back from Watson ville,
to which place ahe had run away with an
other fellow.
The young couple left the courtroom
smiling, and with tbe avowed intention
of getting married at the lirst oppor
tunity.
tiAL7Z3tAM O-> TIIK &TAXI>.
Jhr Crippled lAnttnnn Slat km Hit Claim
for Itamaw*.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 6.- Edward
Sail/man, plaintiff in a $ >I.COO damage
suit against the Sunset Telephone Com
pany and tbe First-street Railway Com
pany, was on the witness-stand all day.
He told substantially the stnne story as
related in the complaint. On May 15,
181XJ, while engaged in stringing wires lor
the telephone company at the corner of
First ami San Fernando streets Salizman
camo in contact with a live wire. He re
ceived a shock and was thrown to the
eround, a distance 01 twenty-live feer.
Hi tti kneecaps were broken and other in
juries were sustained. For this he wants
$. r >'),ooo damages and $KMX) for medical at
tendance.
I, (ffitl)irr Company >ffking a franrhine.
SAN JOSE, Cat., May 6.— The Penin-
Htilii Lighting Company of Sun Francisco
has petitioned t.'ie Board of Supervisors
for a franchise for fifty years to er> ct poles
and wires for the transmission and distri
bution of electricity in the county of
Santa Clara, from the town of I'alo Alto
to the city of San Jose, alone the Em bar
cadero road and the San Francisco and
San Jose road, in the towns of Maylield
and Mountain View, for lighting, illumi
nating, heating, power aud purposes ior
which electriciiy may he used.
RICH PLACERS NEAR CARSON.
Raycratt Brother's Sir ki (tip Channel
of an Old R.ver by Hy-
drauhcking.
(ARSON CITY, Ni:v., May 6— The
channel of the Jiuckeye placers has been
reached beyond a doub: by the Raycraft
brothers. The discovery was made dv
hydraulickmg in the face of a small hill
Which recedes from the canyon, where
operations have been goinc on for some
time, :ind the work had gone but twelve
feet when the immense bed of gravel
which comprised the old river channel
was uncovered. It was tested and found
to be very rich and some large nuggets
were taicen out.
The exact width has not been ascer
tained as yet, but already 100 feet have been
exposed and neith»r edge has been struck.
Prospecting was uone down to twenty-six
feel and then the miners struck a harder
stratum than the rather low hydraulic
pressure of water would penetrate.
A stink and drift was then put in and it
wan found that the gravel continued on
down under this stratum and was even
richer than the top, while the gold was
coarser. No attempt, however, will be
made to penetrate the lower bed this
season in ail probability beyond merely
prospecting it, and a further exploration
of its riches will be postponed until better
facilities are obtained for handling it.
Upsides there is plenty of pay gravel on
top.
SHA ST A RiLTit BA T S El. E O TE I).
ti here northern California Trarlirm
Hill Mreil in f onrnntlon.
DUNSMUIR, Cai.., May «.— The execu
tive committee of the Norlhern California
Teachers' Association has held a meeting
at Red Bluff and selected Shasta Re;reat,
less than one mile from ]">unsmuir, as the
place for their convention, beginning
Augu«t L'.'i. It is expected that about COO
teachers and their friends will be present.
Senator (iieavc, one of the directors of
the Retreat, came op to-day and began
preliminary arrangements for the build
ing of a large tabernacle, more cottages
and the enlarging and beautifying of the
grounds-. Electric lights wlil be put in
and several thousand dollars expended in
improvements.
Dunsmuir has made arrangements to
entertain some SCO of the visitors in pri
vate families and will arrange excursions
to all places of interest in this section.
Teachers from all over the State have
signified their intention of being present.
BmttmtM lHe*t to Settln r.illn.
REDWOOD CITY, Cat,., May s.— The
executive committee of the N. 8. G. W.
held an important meeting last night,
This is the committee that had full charge
of the Grand Parlor celebration which
wni held here during the la'.ter part of
last month. The object of the meeting
wan to Jinally >et tie ail matters pertaining
to the celebration and to order bills i am.
The secretary announced that JJ3OO in
cash had been collected and that this
amount would be more than sufficient to
meet all expenses incuned in preparing
for the Grand Parlor and entertaining
them. The committee was unable to
complete the business coming before it
and adjourned to meet again to-morrow
afternoon, when it is expected warrants
will be ordered drawn to cover all indebt
ed ness.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MYA 7, 1597.
CHINESE COMING
FROM MEXICO
Entering Southern Cali
fornia by Dubious
Methods.
A Piratical Craft Lands a
Batch at San Juan
Capistrano.
They Are Promptly Taken in Tow
by an Officer and Held Tor
Deportation.
LOS ANGELES, Cal , May G.—Contra
band Chinese are finding new ways of en
tering Calilornia, and the latest venture
of the smugglers was detected off San
Juan Capistrano yesterday. A long, low
and piratical-looking craft hove to just
off the mainland and a boat was lowered
from the davits. Into the dory were low
ered seven Chinese, and they were rowed
to tbe shore ana landed, after which the
schooner sailed away, leaving her passen
gere to thair fate.
The Chinese were met on shore by Don
Marco Foster, Deputy United States Mar
slial, and all were arrested by him for
illegally entering the United States. The
ollicer would have detained the schooner
also if he could have reached her, but she
tailed off toward the nortb.
It is supposed that the Chinese came
from Mexico, for their pockets were tilled
with Mcx can coins and there were other
evidences to lead to that conclusion. They
undoubtedly had no right to land thus in
the United States, and the vessel captain
who imported them evidently thought he
would be 6afe in landing at Capistrano,
where there was small likelihood of there
being a Federal officor.
Don Marco Foster is detaining his pris
oners at Capittrano and they wiil be
brought here for trial aud probable depor
tation.
2UIC SUGAJI-ISOUI, OF TUX WOKLIK
If fiat an Industrial i otnmittioner Says
of Southern California.
LOS ANGELES, Cat.., May 6— The
office of industrial commissioner is a new
one on the Santa Fe railway system, but
it has been created and James A. Davis
now occupies the position. Mr. Davis is
in 1.03 Angeles on official business. It is
his duiy to study the conditions of the
localities in which his coniDany is inter
ested and to devise ways and means of
assisting the progress and prosperity of
the people.
At the Chamber of Commerce to-dny
Mr. Davis said tbac in the East there has
long been an impression that Southern
California was a sanitarium and nutbing
more, "but," he said, "you can feel as
sured that the commercial value of the
region excels its sanitary importance. I
feel sure that there is no article that is
neeied that cannot be produced nere.
'You do not know all the resources you
have and most of them are as yet un
touched. There is sugar alone. There is
no reason why Southern California should
not ba the sugar-bowl of the world. The
abrogation of the Hawaiian treaty will be
of great benefit and you will see sugar
beet plantations spring up all over this
Dart of the Slate. The beauty of the sugar
business is that the larmprs do not need
to be dependent on a refinery. Every
furmer can have his mill and make his
own unrefined sugar.
"Then there is glass. There are any
number of pluces bere excellently adapte J
for the location of class factories, and the
sand is of ttie best quality. Take sea kelp.
Why, off this southern coast there are im
mense beds uf the same kelp that is found
off the Orkney Jsles and which is used to
manufacture many valuable chemicals,
including the iodides and bromides and
other products."
mis. BXJTjrttK'a suit.
><•«■.'.•» /ii-friiiu <>{/ for Jn Juries Suitalned
in n « n Urn fin.
LOL ANGELES, Cai-., May 6.-In the
Superior Court to-day was begun the trial
of the suit of D. Suitjer an i his wife, Fan
nie B. Bnitjer, against the Rock Island
and Pacific Railroad Company. In Sep
tember, 18!);!, Mrs. Snitjer was a passenger
on one of the cars of the defendant's road
between Colorado SpriDga and Chicago.
At a station called Limon, Colo., a colli
sion occurred, which resulted in the seri
ous Injury of Mrs. Snitjer. She was
shaken up, bruised and made sick by rea
son ol the accident. She claims to have
sustained permanent injuries, and asks
$.'io,ooo damage!". The defendant claims
the lady was an invalid before she pat
ronized the Rock Island road in 1893, and
denies that she has been damaged in the
sum of $30,0C0.
f>unkarda liny Mtrt at /.'>» Angelea.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., May 6— lt is
probable that the next annual national
conference of the Dunkards or Tunkers
Will De held in this city in Mayl, ISiW. The
president of Lordsburg College, v Dunk
ard, informs the Chamber of Commerce
that it is the desire of the conference to
meet here, and he sujCßestsi that the cham
ber provide the necessary buildings Vor the
meetings.
I «(■»;>*• from Uhltlier Cnpiurid.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., May <i.-Tlie new
officers of the Whittier State School, vrho
were ridiculed for permitting seven it.
mates to escape, have redeemed them
selves. All the ilcemir hoys were captured
and returned to the school without trouble,
though the captors are allowed a fee of $10
a head as reward. Kx'ra vigilance will
now be observed al the institution.
MARIN GHOSTS WALK NIGHTLY.
Arjo's fppantion in the County Jail /s
Joned by That of a Celestial Who
Hanged H mse/f.
BAN RAFAEL. Cal , May G.— There are
few who will now doubt the truth of the
stories publisned about tho ghost which
haunts the County Jail in the basement
of Marin County's Courthouse. Last night
it made its appsßrao.ee to a Chinaman
named Wing Hi and almost snared the
unfortunate fellow to deatb. "When seen
to-day he told 'tie game story that has
come from the lips of other unfortunates
who have been contined in the haunted
chamber. At various times tt has been
said that the ghost of a Chinaman had
been seen by prisoners, and it was this
apparition t hut. made its presence known
to poor Wing Hi during the small hours
of this morning.
At. the fcjber it's ollice it was learned that
in one of the tanks to the cell where the
Mongolian win confined a Chinaman had
committed suicide. Like Argo. whose
ghost also haunts the prison, the China
man committed tin act of seif-destruction
by making a noose of his long queue,
placing it abotu his neck, attarning the
other end to the opening in the top of the
tank and lilting his feet from tne ground,
thus allowing himself to slowly strangle
to death.
Annie Kehoe, who saw the ghost of
Argo last month, also avid tliat a China
man'i face made its appearance. Now
comes Wing Hi, an ignorant Mongolian,
arrested for being insane, and without be
ing able to learn of the ghost's visits
through the newspapers, nor having any
method of knowing wnicn is the haunted
cell, tells the story as others have told it.
He does not talk with any degrep of intel
ligence, but he is able to tell of ths terror
which the apparition caused, and how he
passed the night in fear and trembling
lest the awful apetter should pounce upon
him and do him injury.
80 who now will doubt bat that ghosts
walk tue hard, cold floor in the haunted
chamber of Marin County's jail.
THRICE TRIED AT STOCKTON.
Persistent Effort to Convict Fred Wit// of
Taking Money Frcm a Drunken
Man's Pocket
STOCKTON, Cal., May C — The third
trial of Fred Witty— one of the Witty
family of Sonntag and Evans fame -for
grand larceny, came up for hearing before
Judge Jones to-day. The case has been
bitterly fought and Attorney P. H. Gould
has succeeded In securing a jury disagree
ment three times.
Witty was charged with having robbed,
in a Mnin-street saloon, a man with whom
he hud been lor several hours, and who
had considerable money on bis person.
Witty was caught with his hands in the
man's packets, but his defense was that
his companion, while in a drunken con
dition, allowed his money to fall out of
his pickets to the floor, and that he had
merely gathered up the coins and ivas
plncing them back in his friend's pocket.
The trial has been watched with much
interest, as both the prosecution and de
fendants have made a hard fight. Dis
trict Attorney Nutter made an able argu
ment to-day, but it is understood that the
jury stood ten for acquittal.
lIOIIT OVER 2ACOMA CJIILIiJtES.
Grand- Parent* Fiercely Heslit a Man
date of the Court.
TACOMA, Wash., May 0. — The three
little Siegenthaler children, aged 2, 4 ana
ti years, caused considerable trouble. last
night. A year ago their father secured a
divorce and the custody of the children,
though they have been ever since with
their grand-parents, Mr., and Mrs. An-'
thony Ilinck, and their mother has sup
poried them.
Yesterday Riegenthaler got a writ of
habeas corpus and Deputy Sheriff Davis
was sent after the children. The Rincks
made so decided a remonstrance that he
way obliged to quit the house and obtain
the assistance of Deputy Ross and Detec
tive Concannon. When tht re-enforce
ments arrived the battle began in earnest.
The old grandfather and his infuriated
daughters threatened to shoot the ollicers
down like dote. They retaliated by hand
cuffing the family, and finally took the
aged grandfather to jail to cool off.
This morning the children's mother
pleaded with Judge Kean to allow her to
keep them. Hlie alleges that their father
is a bartender and a drunkard, and that
he has made her life miserable for years.
To-morrow her attorney will make a
formal request of the same kind, the court
takir.g no action to-day. Last month the
mother was married to a Mr. Dudley, a
recent arrival from San Francisco, and
has moved with him to iSeattie. She was
much affected to-day at the thought of
losing control of her children.
SOMtMA'H WA Tt:R A VPP I I.
Mpeclal Eteetlon CaitmA to Vote on the
Question of tiond*.
FOXOMA, Cai,, May ti— At a meeting
of tlie City Trustees hero last niglit a
special election to vote on the auestion of
boms for the municipal water works was
railed for June 14. The sum asked for is
$22, M0. For the past year the Board of
Trustees and ti.e principal businessmen
of i liis place have been advocating an im
proved system of water works, the town
being without suflicient wnter for hre
and domestic purposes. Several proposi
tions have been presented to the Trustees,
the most favorable one being by L L.
Lewis of Sacramento, who propose to
bring water from the mountains four
miles west of town for a nominal sum,
the city laying its own distributing sys
tem. So action can be taken until after
the election.
Jtritinh Columbia Women Mutt Wait.
VAN(OUVER, B. C, May 6. -The
British Columbia Legislature after a brief
discussion and notwithstanding a peti
tion in its favor of 3000 women of the
province, including many of the most in
fluential and public spirited ladies of the
principal cities, rejected by a majority of
three a woman suffrage bill, 'lhe bill,
however, received more support than any
previous measure of its kind, and mem
bers oi the Legislature say : "The women
of the West will got their wish if they
only wait another year."
For Jiuralarizlng f-xeter Station.
VISALIA, Cal., May 6 —To-day Frank
Harp was arrested at Exeter, eleven miles
east of this city, on a charge of burglary
at the Souttern Pacific Railroad station
on Tuesday night. That night a burglar
broke into the station office through a
window, but failed to secure anything
valuable. Miss Peters, the agent, was
the only person in the building, and she
bad retired to her room in the upper story
for the night. She feared to disturb the
burglar below. Harp has a family at
Exeter. He is in the County Jail await
ing examination.
Ph<r<tiar to liar* a fir*t- Claim Ktnulter.
PHOENIX, Abiz., May 6.— The estab
lishment of a smelter of the first clast in
the Southwest now appears a near prob
ability. The Chamber of Commerce of
PiMBBiX is at work on a proposition sub
mitted by Charles E. Majors, represent
ing rapitalists of Rochester, N. V.,
whereby the donation of 200 acres of land
ronv -nient to the Santa Fe and Soutiiern
Pacific railways will secure the building
of * smelting plant at an expenditure of
1250.000. There is no doubt the land will
uc icadily secured.
Sun IHroo Carp'nter* lindlii In jurtd.
*AS DIKGO, Cal., May 6.— F. P. Stone
cipher ami W. M. Jackson, carpenter con
tractors on Coronado Beach, were seri
ously injured to-day by a falling scaffold.
Both men were standing on the scaffold,
working on the second story of a frame
building, when the timbers gave way and
the men were precipitated to the ground.
As a result of the accident Stoneriphor
lies at his homo paralyzed, with his back
probably broken, and Jackson has his
shoulder and ribs broken.
To J'rtl in a tiandtom* ilou t oltutn-
STOCKTON, Cal., May 6.-Th« remains
of Baiilio Laogier, the deceased Stockton
capitalist, will repose in a handsome vault
to be erected in San Joaqmn Cemetery at
a cost of $10,000, with a bust of the de
ceased cut In Carrara marble. A provision
to that effect was made in the last will oi
the dead capitalist. The estate left by
Lnopier is estimated to be worth from
$150,000 to $185,010.
t-'rexno Chine* a l.ottrin Clo**d.
FRESNO, Cal., May 6 —The Chinese
lotteries la this city are now olosod.
Marshal Woy instructed tne dealers to
retire from business, in accordance witb
the order <iven him by the City Trustees
ln*t Monday night. The Chinamen will
not »»y whether they will remain closed
or tight the law. The marshal promises
to enforce i lie law.
IHllwA at Ann l.uin Ohitpo.
HAN limb OBIBPO, Cal., May 6.—
K;ul I'm r, ,n, a Dane 72 years old, in
i>',u..iiM. ; the passenger train from San
I'ranoisrn last evening near the Ramoua
llotol, innini his footing and fell under
Urn train, and one arm and one lee were
run ov«r. He died from JUis injuries late
tlilaevcuiug.
JOE MIDDLETON
FOUND GUILTY
Leader of Traver's Band
of Forty Thieves in
the Toils.
Played a Prominent Part in
the Sontag and Evans
Drama.
Supplied the Outlaws With Food
and Enabled Them to Elude
Their Pursuers.
FBEBNO, Cm.., May C. -Joe Middleton
was found guilty by a jury in Judge Ris
ley's court yesterday of the charge of
robbery, which lie committed in company
with lour others in holding up a number
of Portuguese who were encamped one
night near Wildflower, about two years
ago. Sentence will be passed on Monday
next at 10 o'clock.
Joe Middleton has a record which justly
entitles him to wear the stripes for a num
ber of years. It is known that he helped
Grat Dalton, when that notorious outlaw
escaped from the jail at Visaiia a number
of years ago and was eluding tne oflicers
in the Sierras. Midrilcton also played a
prominent part in aiding Chris Evans and
John Sontag, and afterward Evans and
Ed Morrell while they were fugitives in
the mountains. It was he, principally,
lhat kept the outlaws so thoroughly in
formed as to the movements of the otlkers
in pursuit.
The connection of the rean convicted
yesterday with the •'famous band of forty
thieves of Traver' 1 iaalso well known, and
it is with members cf this gang that he
committed the robbery of which he was
found guilty yesterday.
Middleton was one of the leaders of this
extensive gang of criminals, who were
scattered over Tnlare and Kings counties
and the southern part of Fresno. For
over two years they carried on their depre
dations of horse and cattle stealing and, in
fact, all kinds of thieving. So thoroughly
organized were they that, despite the most
vigorous efforts of the ollicers, it was a
long time before the criminals could be
brought to justice. About a year ago,
however, the authorities succeeded in
gaining sufficient evidence and began
making arrest«. The leaders were all
convicted und sent to prison for long
terms.
B. E. Jeffords, one of the more notorious,
was sent up from this county.
When (irat Dal ton escaped from jail he
tied to the mountains and it is known
that Middleton kept him supplied with
food und information as to what the of
ficers were doing. He has always stoutly
denied that lie had any hand in the out
law's break from jail. It seems that Mid
dleton tinally played traitor to Dalton,
who picked up another desperate char
acter in tlie mountains named Dean for a
companion. Middleton disclosed their
hiding-place to ti.e ollicers and this re
sulted in the capture of Dean, Dalton
managing to escape. Middieton made his
home with a woman known as Mag
Rucker at her place in the foothills of
Tulare County. Evans and Sontag, as
well as P^vans and Morrell, made this one
of the places where they went to tiil their
haversacks and to learn the news of their
pursuers. In all the outlaws had fire
such places.
SLOCAN MINING DEAL.
Croup of Well-Paying Claims Bought by
a London Syndicate for Half a
Million Dollars.
SEATTLE, Wash., May 6.— One of the
largest sales ever made in the famed mo
can district was consummated yesterday
in this city when a London syndicate
purchased for $500,00u from A. E. Hum
phreys, J. D. Farrell and Captain M. I).
Moore, all of Spokane, and W. C. Yakeys
of Detroit, Mich., a group of mines com
posed of the Idaho, Alamo, Cumberland,
Concentrator and Tramway, located in
the immediate vicinity of Three Forks.
The mines are mainly silver producers,
and Mr. Humphreys stated this after
noon in confirming the report of the sale
that the Alamo and Idaho alone dad to
date paid $-'25,000 in dividends. Tne other
three mines are comparatively undevel
oped, but what little work has been done
i 9 said to have revealed very satisfactory
bodies of ore.
The purchasers, it appears, have bail
the mines bonded for several months, and
it is reported that they have options on a
number of other big properties in thw
blocun. Mr. Humphreys stated that he
had no knowledge as to the identity of the
individual members of the purchasing
syndicate, but that they seemed to have
unlimited capital.
j.AOtF.s risir iamaj.i-ais.
JUcmbtrt of the Woman* Cong rent Enjoy
a /My on th« Mountain
MILL VALLEY, Cal., May 6.— A large
number of the ladies connected with the
Woman's Congress heid in San Francisco
were the gue*ts of Mrs. Loveil White to
day on the summit of Mount Tatnalpais.
The ladies left the City on the 9 :45 a. m.
train for Sausulito and Mill Valley, arriv
ing at the latter place about 10:45, where
two trains were awaiting to convey them
to the top of the mountain. The day was
perfect, and the view was unobstructed for
miles about.
Tho xrandeur of the scenery and the
many sights of interest proved to be enter
taining to the ladi«.x, and one and all
voted the trip the pleasantest they had
ever taken. A lunch was served at the
hotel on the mountain. Mrs. White enter
tnined her guests in a charming manner.
The North Pacific Coast road and the
Tarnalpais Scenic rood furnished the
guests free transportation.
ViU rnllnt Club t'Uband*.
MILL VALLEY, Cal.. May 6.— The
Mill Valley Country Club, at its annual
meeting held last night at the office of
Secretary Thomas Fottrell at this place,
disbanded. They carried out the pro
gram mo as stated exclusively in The Call
lust Wednesday and turned the funds ot
the organization, amounting to about
$309, over to the Mill Valley Improvement
Club to be used cy that organization for
the benefit of the people of Mill Valley.
The ground** at Millwood, for which the
Tamalpais Land and Water Company
granted a twenty years' lease, bave been
turned over to the company. No effort
will be made to revive the organization.
bnnnalito'* Sattititry I'hanget.
SAUSALITO, Cal., May 6.-The sani
tary condition of Sausalitois to be ereatly
improved. The Town Trustees have ap
pointed a Board of Health and orders
have been issued compelling all property
owners to connect their sewers with the
main pipes. Where the main pipes do
not now extend the Trustees intend* to im
mediately see that the work of construct
ing them is accomplished.
KEW TO-I>AT^ ;
AIsrOPENrLETTER
To MOTHERS.
WE ARE ASSERTING IN THE COURTS OUR RIGHT TO THE
EXCLUSIVE USE OF THE WORD "CASTORIA," AND
"PITCHER'S CASTORIA," AS OUR TRADE MARK.
/, DR. SAMUEL PITCHER, of Hyannis, Massachusetts,
was' the originator of "PITCHER'S CASTORIA," the same
that has borne and does now s/Jfi?-*-^ ° n 6Very
bear the facsimile signature of 64^^& wrapper.
This is the original " PITCHER'S CASTORIA" which has been
used in the homes of the mothers of America for over thirty
years. LOOK CAREFULLY at the wrapper and see that it is
the kind you have always bought, , /fr - -* on tha
— — '/J* y j£/~rfli h ~fl'' *
and has the signature of C/uz^/zf&M^ wrap-
per. No one has authority from me to use my name except
The Centaur Company of which Chas. H. Fletcher is
President. * ■
March 8, 1897. QtfL***/. «^?>^*— *»*?>•
Do Not Be Deceived.
Do not endanger the life of your child by accepting
a cheap substitute which some druggist may offer you
(because he makes a few more pennies on it), the in-
gredients of which even he does not know.
"The Kind You Have Always Bought"
BEARS THE FAC-SIMILE SIGNATURE OF
Insist on Having
The Kind That Never Failed Ton:
-. ■ =■■ ■- ••-•■• ;■ -•-.■.: ■ :-•■ '■-- - - -,-:• "■■■■'■:,■'..■■■■:
TMC CCNTAUN OOMPANV. TT MURRAY «TBI[T. NCW YORK CITY-
SAN MATED TEACHERS MEET.
Annual ssion of tho Institute in Prog
ress at Redwood City — Business
of the F.rst Day.
REDWOOD CITY, Cal., May 6.— The
annual session of the Teachers' Institute
for tne county of San Mateo is in prog
ress at tbe new schoolnouse at this place. I
The opening session was called to order
by E. M. Tilton, County Superintendent |
of Public Schools, and organized by elec:- !
»ng Miss Tilton president and H. C. Hall,
! D. A. Curry and A. E. Weed vice-presi
dents. The following committees ware
appointed.
On exhibits— G. W. Hall, F. S. Rosseter. Miss
Gree.i, Mis* Madden, Miss McCltllan, Miss M.
Torpey, Miss Savage, Miss Mullen, Miss
Meehan, Miss McCarthy, Miss M. Leathers, |
Miss Meyer, Miss Joyes, Miss Schubert, Mrs.
bpedding. Miss Shine, Mr. Heiner, Garas
sino, Miss Martin. < ■,■ . ■,■■■-■-■•■:■: ■■•■
On resolutions— H.C. Hall, G, W- Gilcrest,
W. J. Savage. George Williams. A. "E. Weed,
Miss Dearborn, Miss Gien'nan, Miss A.
Leathers, Mr. McCarthy, Miss Allen, Miss
Casey, Miss Cumins.
On music— 1). A. Curry, Miss Fanger, Miss
Henion, Mrs. Curry, Miss Doyle, MUs Stewart,
Miss Hanly, Miss HynuiMg. Miss Hall, Miss
Cloud, Miss McKamara. Miss Elvin, M ss Ma
loney. Miss Winne. Miss Bettanier, Miss Kelt-
Ing, Miss Burke, Miss Nelson, Miss Edwards,
Miss Maguire.
On introduction— Quinlan, Miss Comp
ton. Miss Carroll, Miss McGovern, Miss K.
Torpey, Miss Ltnehan, Miss Lane, Miss Keo
gan, Miss Craig, Miss Donahue, Miss Leighton.
An address of welcome to the teachers
was delivered by Hon. E. F. Fitzpatrick,
and a lecture on "Mental Effects of Phy
sical Conditions in Children" by Dr.
Mara L. Pratt of Boston.
In the afternoon i>r. Pratt also deliv
ered a lecture on "Habit as Applied to
tbe Teacher."
Professor Griggs of Stanford University
spoke on "The Influence of the Teacher
in Moral Education."
Last night there was to have been an
illustrated lecture on the subject of
"Malaya and the Sultan of Johore," by
Hon. Rounseville Wild man, editor of the
Overland Monthly, but the teachers and
public were disappointed by his not put
ting in an appearance. * . '
This morning, after the usual morning I
exercises, Miss Estelle M. Darrah of Stan
ford delivered an interesting talk on "The
Teaching of Reading," and Mrs. C. L.
Place of Stanford lectured on "Chalk Mod
el.ng."
This afternoon Miss Meyer, one of the
teachers of the High School at this place,
spoke upon "Preparations for the Stuiiy
of Literature;" Miss Darrah made another
address on "Children's Idea of Partiality."
and Professor Gnggs locturedon the sub
ject "The Use of Mythology in Educa
tion."
This evening Dr. D. S. Jordan will give
an illustrated lecture on "The Fur Seal as
an Animal."
■ ♦
SnuinWo Town Jmprovetnenta. , I
SAUSALITO, Cal. May 6 —The Board
of Town Trustees has awarded the con
NEW TODAY.
$ft.95.
Special for two days only —
Friday and Saturday.
To get you better acquaint-
ed with the new store.
A brand new line of dark
blue clay worsted dress suits,
single and double breasted
sacks and three-button cut-
away frocks. Wool — pure
wool — long staple wool —
every thread guaranteed.
Sizes 34 to 44. Regular
price on our counters $10, and
remarkably cheap at that.
A store full of daylight
makes your selections abso-
lutely safe here.
Sellers of modern clothing and hats.
tract for the improvement of South Sansa
lito to Bucfcman <fc Co. This work, which
consists of the grading and macadamizing
of the road 3 in tUat section, is to be done
under the ten yenrs' bond system. The
road when completed will connect with
'he Government's boulevard around Lime
Poini.
A WHITE LIVER
Is the kind of a liver that mean
men are supposed to carry about.
A doctor will tell you that no one
can live with a white liver.
When the liver is at all disor-
dered you are sure to have melan-
' *• ; choly fits and to wish to be alone. : :
You will have alf kinds of curi-
ous fancies and peculiar feelings.
If the disorder is only a functional
one the liver is easily restored to
its normal condition. If the dis-
order has its origin in the abuse
or dissipation of the man it is not
so easily controlled. Very few
family doctors pay much atten-
tion to nervous troubles. As a
result the man who is so afflicted
* will get no comfort if he consults
his family doctor. This being - . v
true, hundreds of men are com-
pelled to try other cures. As a
result the Hudyan remedy treat-
ment has been tried by many .
thousands, and these thousands
have been cured. Just 10,000
men say Hudyan cures. Do you
believe them? You can see their
statements in black and white.
It is a fact. Hudyan cures fail-
ing manhood, nervous debility,
neurasthenia and disorders of
man called private. You should
call on the Hudson doctors for
information about the Hudyan .
remedy treatment or write for
Circulars and Testimonials.
DadsonMedical Institute
Ellis, Stockton and Market Sts.
SURE BLOOD POISON CURE.
SURE BLOOD POISON CURE.
SURE BLOOD POISON CURE.
SURE BLOOD POISON CURE.
CIRCULARS FREE.
0000000000000
AN EXCELLENT
T| TfC A T Properly prepared and
11/ l Mr\ I P rona PUy served, can
*■■«-•* **^ always ba obtained in
THE GRILL ROOM OF THE
Decidedly the T-V A T A /^T?
Most Popular K/\ I A I H
Dining Apart- * jfl..L-f.£\.V-«J-4
ment in town. saßßßgmmßasaamacsaasaßm
0000000000000
DR.MCMLTY.
n'HISWErXKXOWNAND RKLTAnLE OU»
.L Spet-lulistci/re.jPrlvate.N'ervoua.Hlooduiid Skin
Pisfusesof MeuoiiJy. Miinly Power restored. Over
20.ven.rs' experience. Send for Book, free. I'atientH
riir*-il:it Home. Terms reasonable. Hours, r> to
<Uily:C:3otf>S.Coev'-;<i. PundHys, 10 to 12. Consulta-
tlou free and sacredly coiuldeiitlal. Cuil or address
P. ROSCOE MrXttTY, ■. !>.,
2GV,' Hcariij << i rc»i. S:»n Frnm-iicu. C»1.
DR. WONOVWOO,
< fiiiM-... Urng, Tenaixt H«rbSanlturiam,
776 Clay,- Bet. Kearny and bapont.
I liave lone been a sufferer from < j^.
troubles of the stomach, liver and ff^B^k.
kidneys. The medicines of the dit- B^^Bw
iereat doctors who vreuted me f '"'•'^F''-
i-niv aggravated ttie : diseas». 'la B^ % "
eight vvt-eti Ir. Won)? Woo, the TiH» " 7 •'■
Lhineie f-, doctor, > mcceetied .; In ■: Tp*^t • ■"■
bringing about a perfect cure, and . JmmK
Xam now In ihe best of health. 1 MflHßHwi
recommended him 10 mv rouutry- Vsk*/SJj*.'WHP
cien, r tbe Italians.— A maiiko 1M- "*»<«Uwil'
Boi>kx. 18'J1 Mission stree'. ' •
Hours -9:30 toll a. m, 1:30 to 3, 7 to 9 c. m.ANOTHER BRACKET
FOR OLD LOGAN
Took the Last Race of the
Day at Odds of
io to i
Favorites in the Bettim? First
on Four Different Oc
casions.
Eismore L:d Salabir Past the Wire.
Luc_7 Star Was Final'y
Given Hh H?ad
Old Logan, the iron horse, is slowly Dut
surely reaching the century mark in his
long string of hanl-earned victo r i«s. The
old warrior of the turf, who is known
from one end of the country to the other
and is familiar with neariy every railroad
and racetrack in the land, will probably in
the near future have earned a well-deserved
vacation, for im owner, Alex Shields, has
been quoted as saying that when Logan
captuitd his one hundredth race the turf i
■would know him no more. The aged
racer was a 10 to 1 shot in the betting in
the final race of the day at Emeryville
and in a bard drive, ridden by Mike Ben
nessy, beat ilontallade out half a length
in 1:43.
The balance of the sport was marked by '
nothing out of the ordinary proove of '
affairs. Favorites were in much better ;
form, capturinc four of the six purses.
It was cutaway day with the Lucky \
Star folks in the opening five furlong
scramble and backed down from b to 3,
the Friar Tuck gelding led a!l the way, ]
making his field look like "yailer dogs." j
Chappie, the S to 5 favorite, finished sec- j
oiid, six or eight lengths away, with Roy i
Carruthers in the show. The winner's
time was 1:02.
Atkin & Lottridce annexed the next j
purse, with Adam Andrew. The distance
was six furlongs and the peldinz was a
pronounced 8 to 5 choice. Clawson j
could not keep him up the first part, but
when straightened for the wire he look
the lead and won handily two lengths
.ahead of Keel, a 20 to 1 shot, well ridden
tjy Stevens. Nervoso took third place in
i drive.
The tliird raje, over a mile, was taken
h'y the 9 to 5 choice Sea Spray, which led
from the start and won handily from Two
Cneers in I:43}^. Tom Eltnore came fast
at the md, securing the show.
Getting away next the rail to a flying
Start Elmsore, the 9 to 5 favorite, made a j
rvrhaway race of the two-year-old spin at
four and a half furlongs, leading the sec
ond choice. Salabar, past the judges a j
•length, in :55; Dousterswivel, resurrected, •
wns a good third.
Howard had nothing much to beat in
the fifth at six furlongs, decided under
veiling conditions, and coming out a 4 to
5 choice won ail the way, witl> Ricardo, a
10' to 1 choice, taking the place from Our
C'ijmate in a drive. The latter received a
rnUerabie ride at the hands of stable-boy i
Jenkins.
NOTES.
Toaao was so badly scorched while
' beic-g removed from the burning barn de
•etciyed near the track on Wednesday that
a - kindly bullet put an end to his sufferine
'yesterday. For some years the aged
.Fprinter has been a bread-winner for Wil
■liam Bioombaugb, and the gray-haired
THE "CALL" RACING GUIDE.
..* JOCKEY CLUB, Oakland Racstrack, Thursday, May 6. Seventy-ninth day
- V of the winter meeting. 1896-97. Weather fine, track fast.
turlman now feels as though he has lost
his nearest and dearest friend.
It looked r.s though Nnncomar should
have shown some sort of speed in the
opening dash. Snider got a half-Nelson
on him early in the game and never let
up until both shoulders touched the mat.
George had one siege of it on the ground,
but it evidently did n t have the desired
effect. One or two books in the ring
seemed to take much delight in laying
prices against his mounts.
Following are to-oay's entries:
First race, three-quarters of a mile.
969 Hueneme U4i 377 Marcia 95
849 Hymn 11l ! v 9 Bin© Bell 104
618 l.azel D 102 976 Billy Vice 95
727 i). J. Tobiu 97! 958 st. Atgnon 204
901 Hotspur 1.9 9 7 Jack Richelieu. 109
921 James Porteus. 95 968 Halleluj-h 90
957 Mary Mevez..lo- 947 .Vilke Hice 104
Bul I'tailipH 97 921 Flambeauette.. 95
968 Alma 95 510 Jack Atkins .. 109
950 Claudiana 90 975 Boy (Jarruthers 95
950 Tempestuous.- 97
s-econd race, live-eighths of a mile, two-year-old
maidens.
C 63 Zara-_ 105 978 George Lee 107
978 Twinkler- 101 8-6 Ju»n del Ri0... 107
772 San Carlos 109 9H3 lord Marmion.lo9
961-1 Mirth ; 10* 963 St. Cala.ine
956 Kroica 98 .... iltlesia 110
939 Old Jack 98 970 -eticoy 1»5
966 Los I'ric-tos 981 970 Fallen Princess 95
Beneria 9-. 970 Lona Marie 98
963 lexarkana.... lll| 970 Afrlco I*J»
'1 hlrd race, fliteen-sixteenths of a mile, selling.
947 Jack Martin.. .109! 9CB Lena 95
95S i- rank Janbert. 109! 905 *an Tuxia 107
95:-. Inflammator...loo apirlo "'
946 Kufalba P6 (952)Alazan •*_
878 Fortunate. .....loo (94 7 J Japonic*. 10 1
875 Cheridau 95 355 \ ucatan II 107
988 Lady liurst.... 95 934 Miss Kuth 109
975 logent 100|
Fouith race, tive-eightns of a mile.
959 Rev -al-zar.... 81 (96f>)Vemen 122
b7_" Salisbury J1... .112 ( 85)tourbon 119
96" K_i_-rIL M 7 8 » Quicicsilver .... 125
(959)iorsida 81 (969) I *rramo 110
97- Dunboy 107 861) Jr'ly 12a
(i»72)Tea Rose 105
Fifth race, one and a quarter miles, selling.
(958)Payllght 101 RS7 Volt 104
971 Peter II 104 SSO liiif.- .„......- 96
i 974 Judge Denny. .lo7 97± billy cClosky 94
9JB Lollies "...100j feßl Ua-land 98
sixth ract-, oue mile.
(960K01. \Vbeeler... 96 961 Vinctor 113
i (Pa2)linp. lrance...ll>4 f6l Sat>uu.a 116
74>> Wheel of For- i Mlver Knight.. 86
. une iO4 977 Sir Philip 105
935 Bernardillo 93|
t-eventh race, eleven-sixteenths of a mile, sell
ins.
I dtirt Fashion Plate.. 95 (962) Refugee 109
i 977) sea Sptay 11l 9.8 Fanny S 9o
' 971 Herm&nita 1' 9 (»40)fiirdweU 112
l 971 Earl Cocnran.. 109 iiXJ alter C 11V!
I 971 Midas 114 96- Russella 95
i M7-> Morven 11l 9JB sly 95
I 967 May X 9b\ (B^)santa Paula V»5
(»04)Kienzl 10 (*s7)Veragua 109
964 Geo. Palmer »7j
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
First race— Alma, St. Aignoo, Blur
Bell.
Second race— Zapata, George Lee, I.os
Prletoi.
Third race— Frank Jaubert, San Tuzza,
Fortunate.
Fourth race— Znmar, OuicUsllTer, Tea
Bate.
Fifth Race — Judge Denny, Unity,
Peter the Second.
Sixth race — Colonel Wheeler, Satinms,
Vinctor.
Seventh race— Midas, Refugee, Bienzi.
TIRE DEPARTMENT.
A Number of H mrs Imposed for
lireachca of Duty.
The Fire Commissioners met yesterday
afternoon when the resignations of C. J.
| Nagle, truck 3, H. S. Cleveland, engine
I 14, and A. J. RUey, engine 10, were ac
cepted.
Fines were imposed upon the following
memberw: William Ward, hosemun
| eneine 5, three days' pay for neglect of
duty; Charles Montague, engineer engine
10, fifteen days' pay for neglecting to light
I the fire under bis engine while going to a
fire; Frank McDonald, hoseman engine
33, ten days' pay for leaving the City
without permission; William Murphy,
hoseman engine 33, ten dnys' pay for nei:
lecting to observe ihe 11 o'clock rule.
Suing Mission 1 urn Verein.
The Mission Turn Verein, the Hibernla Sav
ings tnd Loan Society and the Snn Francisco
Breweries (Limited) have been sued by J. S.
Keid for $2r)l 41 on account of street assess
ment work on Lapidge street in this City.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 7, 1897.
A BUTTLE ROYAL
WILL SOON BE ON
California Cyclists Will
Fight the Wheelmen's
League.
Over Five Hundred Riders Al
ready in the New Organ
ization.
Ex-Cbief Consul Kerrigan May Tour
the State— D.-fianc Sent Back
to the EaU.
________
The ganntlet thrown down by the Na
tional officers of the League of American
Wheelmen to the Caliiorn:a cyclists who
have seceded to form an organization of
thoir own has been taken up with a will,
and hereafter it is to be war — war to the
knife.
The many members of the California
Associated C3'ding Clubs, under whose
banner the seceders have ranged them
selves, who read the dispatches n yester
day morning's Call, are ready and willing
to begin the battle at cnce, and point with
EX-CHIEF CONSUL KERRIGANS Card of Membership in the
California Associated Cycling Clubs, Under Whose Eanner
500 Wheelmen Have Alread/ Ranged Themselves.
pride and confidence to the fact that sev
eral hundred men have already joined the
new organization as Individuals, and
pledged themselves to support it to Iho
utmost extent. They have no fear of the
reprisals that are threatened, or that the
secession movement will be disrupted by
anything that the Eastern people may do.
The aDpointment ct George H. Strong
as chief consul, to succeed Frank Kerri
gan, who resienei to become a member of
the California Associated Cycling Clubs,
does not worry tnem at all, because, while
they have much respect for Mr. Strone as
a veteran cycist and a man of sterling
character, they realized that he is far past
the prime of life and that he will not tave
the energy and strength to stem the tide
of discontent and secession that has taken
such a strong hoid on the rapidly failing
North California Division of the League.
Ex-Chief Consul Kerrigan has shown
his conlidence in the new organization by
joinine, and his card was handed him a
lew days ngo. He is outspoken in Ins be
lief and predictions that the California
Associate 1 Cycling Clubs will eventually
— ana in the near future— u?urp all the
functions and power of the division and
that it will open a new era for California
wheelmen.
"The new organization is bound to suc
ceed," said he, yesterday, "because we
have the strongest whpelmenin Caiilornia
in our ranks and our cause i 1 * just. Just
look at the proeress we have made. With
in thirty days over 500 wheelmen have
joined the associated clubs as individu
als, and several cluos in this City and
interior have sent in their applications.
"We will give Mr. Potter and the rest of
the league officials all the fight they want
if that is what they mean, and it would
appear from the dispatches that they
mean to down us if possible.
"If it becomes necessary I will take my
wheel this summer and put in my vaca
tion touring the State, talking secession
and the n*w organization. I can get a
dozsn men who are well known and good
talkers to do likewise, ariu I am sure this
will bring a great deai in me way of prac
tical results. They cannoi drive us out
of the field, and while we may not entirely
drive them out, we will certainly make
our organization the great power in Cali
fornia. We will run cycling matters to
suit local conditions and for the benefit of
California wheelmen and not lor the
pleasure of a few people in the E;ist who
do not understand or care much about us.
"It is probable that one of the early
steps will De 10 change the name of our
organization from tlie California Asscci
a'ed Clubs to Caiilornia Associated
Cyclists. This will keep the initials and
emblem the same and make the name
more comprehensive — show that it is an
organization of individuals as well as
clubs.
"George H. Strong, the new chief consul,
is a good man and bo ia Dwyer of Sucra
roento, the new vice-consul, but they will
have a hard time holding their disgruniled
and disconcerted forces together and we
will have half ot those who are left beforn
they get fairly to work.
'•The day of Eastern domination in Cali
fornia wheeling matters is past, and we
see the dawn of a new era."
A number of other cyclists, including
Caj. tain Day of the Bay City Wheelmen,
George P. Wetmore, one of trie "yeis/'anii
others expressed themselves in like terms.
CANCER KILLED HIM.
P. BlcGlllen Expired While on Hia Way
Home From the County
Hospital.
P. McGiilen of 1718 Leavenworth street
was taken sick on an Ellis-street car yes
terday afternoon after returning from a
visit to the City and County Hospital,
whither he had gone for treatment of an
oid case of cancer of the thrr>nt.
He wan taken from the car at the corner
of Van Ness avenue and O'Farrell street
and expired when ho reached the side
walk. He had been suffering for a loan
time with cancer of the throat, and that
disease was the cause of his death.
The deceased was a steam-fitier by occu
pation and was a married man, 50 years
old.
PAYMENT WAS EEHJSED.
Grocer A. H. Merten Was Made the Vic
tim of a Spurious (heck.
A. H. Merten, a grocer at Hyde and
O'Farrell streets, has complained to the
detectives about one H. Jeffery Tinling, a
piano-tuner, who, be ci;iims, defrauded
him out of $23. He states that TinJinj;
Dresented him with a check purporting to
be signed by R. J. Stewart of 1126 Hyde
Mreet, drawn on the An^lo-California
Hank. He received the coin in excuange,
hat when Merten presented the paper at
th bank payment was refused.
SHE PAINTS IN
SHORT SKIRTS
Mrs. John Martin Fights
the Oakland Painters'
Union.
She Does Not Believe in Bloom
ers, But Feels Easy in a
Sweater.
Holds That Tiere Is Nothing Undig.
nified in Hard Manual Labor
for a Woman.
Mrs. Isabella Martin returned from Oak
land yesterday weary after her first day's
struggle with tbe Painters' Union, whose
rates and methods she did not like.
"It struck me that I was being imposed
upon," she sa-d lost night as she sat at
her home on Van Ness avenue, "and I de
cided to put on short skirts and a woolen
sweater and do the work myself. I
painted live rooms to-day and 1 propose
to i aint my three cottages at Twenty-first
and West streets before I nm done. I
wear a Maxine Elliott hat to keep the sun
off and 1 rind the short skirts very con
venient. I do not believe a modest
woman would ever wear bloomers. They
are usly and offensive. If skirts will not
do she uueht to wear trousers richt out."
Mrs. Martin was also seen in Oakland
by a Call reporter yesterday and «he said
she intended to wortc from 8 a. m. until
6 p. m. dpilv.
"I shall finish the inside work soon,"
she said, "wiping the perspiration from
her forehead with a lace handkerchief;
rendolent with heliotrope in one hand,
while she dauDed paint with the other.
"I have painted tho panels beautifully,
and when ready for the outside I *hall ]
wear * modest cosiume. I believe that a
woman can do anything that is right and :
womanly deßpiie the comments of the j
world. lam a refined, educated woman, |
a graduate of Vassar, and enough of a new |
woman to be independent There is no
reason why I should not paint my houses.
It wi!l not detract from my womanliness,
never; that would show an -utter lack 01
delicacy."
TROUBLE AMONG BARBERS.
A Member of the Fraternity Is Ac
cused of Doing Some Swin
dling.
Secretary I. Less of the Free Employ- i
merit Bureau, an institution attached to
the Journeymen Barbers' International i
Union of America No. 27, lias sworn to a !
complnint in Police Judge Campbell's
poart charging 8. Fuchs, a barber nt 325
Grant avenu I*,1 *, with conduciine an em
ployment cilice without a license.
Leas claims that Fuchs represents him- i
self as a member of the Bnrbers' Associa- \
tion, and by virtue of ii is alleged position
induces postulants for membership to de- '■
posit with him a fee of 25 een's.
Les? says FuHis secures pmnloym<»n'i '
for these men, and after he lias charged |
them each frnm $1 to $11 for getting them j
a job the men lose their si i nations.
Clocks Still Stopped.
The clocks at the City Hall are still stopped,
and Supervisor Sheehan, chairman of the
Committee on Public Buildings, has decided
on a new plan of action. He has employed a
skilled clockmaker to make an attempt to
wind the timepieces, and if this effort is v.o.
successful will introduce a resolution in the
next mcettrp <:f the boara to have ihem re
placed with clocks that can be more easily un
derstood.
FEVEREO BROW. !
Mule Manifest Long Before the Disease
lias Been Fully Developed.
YOU CAN WARD IT OFF.
If You Have Any of the Symptoms It
li r.cut to Take the Matter Up at
Once— No Time for Trifling, So Say
the Doctors.
FEVERED BRO^V— BY THE TERM FEVER
is meant that abstract condition v.-hich U
common to all so-called febrile disorders, and
the presence which gives them their claim to
that designation. Essentially it means undue
elevation of the animal heat, the immediate
or proximate causes of that elevation, and the
conscciuencos which these conditions entail.
The presence of abnormal or febrile tempera-
ture is usually attended with various symp-
toms and phenomena more or less character-
is ;ic of tne febrile state.
The skin gets hoi.
The pulse and breathing quickened.
Oflstro-intesUnal function impaired.
Headache and muscular pains are frequent.
First— Chilly and cold sensation.
Second— The skin dry and hot.
Third— More or less abundant perspiration.
When you have fever—
YOUR BLOOD IS POISONED.
YOfR BLOOD IS THIN.
YOU.I LIVKK IS TORPID
YOUR STOMACH IS FOUL.
YOUR KOWELS A XX CONSTIPATED.
YOUR HKAD ACHES.
YOUit BO>ES ACHE.
YOUR SKIN IS DRY.
YOUR SKIN IS HOT.
Every organ and tissue In the body Jg in a
condition below normal and is crying for help.
JOY'S VEGETABLE SARSAPARILLA
Will prevent this condition. It will bo regu-
late the system that all the various organs ot
the body will act with life and energy.
NKW TO-DAY— "LTTHING.
We Have Now On Sale
. 2500 Men's Late Style All-wool Spring
| Regular $17.50 and $15 values—not fictitious ones, but
honest ones—and invite the public at large to come and
take their pick and choice of these Princely Garments at
I the gift or.next-to-nothing price of—
y Never before and never again will such Stupendous Bargains be given
P the people of this State. This is no buncombe or chaff, such is usually
El dished up at fake bargain banquets given by Russian Exiles or "Con Men."
r No Fakes run riot here. Nothing but straight "up and up" business
h methods prevail at our store. We have but a short stay here at our
|1 present Temporary Quarters and must unload our Big Stock of FINE
I CLOTHING, HATS AND FURNISHING GOODS regardless of Cost, Loss
p or Worth. Our Losses will foot up into the Thousands, but we can't
M help ourselves. Hence, the goods must go.
I TREMENDOUS BARGAINS
, -3TKT
BOYS' CLOTHING
I . THISWE3EK.
I Child's $4 2-piece Suits will go at - - $1.95
I Child's $5 2-piece Suits will go at - - $2,45
I Boys' $7 Long Pants Suits will go at - - $3.75
I Boys' $8.50 Long Pants Suits will goat - $4.95
i =
I Dozen Latest Style Neckwear, just received, which
COO were made to sell at 75c, will go into this Great A f\d,
V Compulsory Sale at. ........................;...... T"" w
Dealers are welcome to participate with consumers in sweeping
off our high-piled counters, loaded with the Greatest Bargains on
top of God's green footstool. -
I TEMPORARY QUARTERS,
220-224 SXJTTER ST.,
I THREE DOORS WEST OF Oil.) OLD STAND ON XEARNY ST.
56
FRIDAY MAY 7. lSt.7
CHARLES M. SHOKTKIIXHS, .
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postaze Free:
Pally »Dd Sunday Call, one week.br carrier. .$0.15
Daily »nd Sunday Call, one year, by ma 11 .... 6.00
Pally acd Sunday Call, fli months, by mail.. 3.00
Daily »nd Sunday Cali, three months by mail 1.50
Dally and Sunday Cam, one month, by mail- .65
bunday Call, one year, by mall 1-60
WUJU.Y Call, one year, by mall ....• *-&0 ]
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 >!:»rke: Street,
r an Franclico, California.
Telephone" ££ 3i»ln-1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay Street
Telephone Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
627 Montgomery a reet, corner CUf : open until
6:30 o'di'Ck.
539 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
6::> Larkin strett., open until 9:30 o'clock.
b\V. corner ssixteeuia ana Mission ulreeis, *pen |
ctti: 9 o'clock.
i6lB Mission street, open nntll 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth street, open until 9 o'clock.
1305 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
K\V". corner Tweuiy-secjnd and Kentucky
•treets; open 111 9 o'c:oct.
OAKLAND OFFICB:
9JB Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Booms 81 end S2. S4 Park Kovr. S«w Tor* City.
DAVID M. POLTZ, F.ag-.ern Manager.
THE CALL iPEAKS FOR ALL.
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are you roirp io the country on a vacation ? If
CO. 1: Is no trouble fer ns to forward THE CALL to
j-our address. Co not lei it miss you for you will
«nlsß It. Orders given to the carrier or left at
Business oace will receive prompt attention.
ISO EXTKA CHARGE.
The tariff is stili in the woods.
We will arbitrate with England some
other eve.
»
Greece has lost her second wind and de
cided to take a second thought.
The Greek flag is not exactly where it
was when the war began, but it is utill
there somewhere.
The Turk is a gobbler, but all the same
the pow*ers will hardly allow him to take
on any more Greece.
The House will have plenty of time and
leisure to study the revised tariff before it
gets another whack at it.
What is the use of formal carnivals Jn
California at tbis season when every day
has its picnic and every wood its frolick
ers?
When Balboa avenue is completed lots
of people will gush over it enthusiastically
who won't let even their coin talk for it
1.0 w.
Opposition to the Mission Park enter
prise has begun to manifest itself, and
that is a sure sign the enterprise is mak
ing procress.
More cities than Paris are mourning
over the Charity Bazaar calamity. It
was a cosmopolitan throng tnat was
caurht in the flames.
The vote in the Senate in favor of an
appropriation for Pearl harbor doesn't
look as though our interests in Hawaii
were to be allowed to go by delault.
Those who wish to see evidences of re
turning prosperity do not have to look far
from home. Every county in California
shows them to a greater or less extent.
It is announced from Washington that
McKinley has a cook at the Wnite House
instead of a chef, and perhaps that is the
reason why Bailey of Texas refused to at
tend that d.nner. I
Th« improvement in tha service for
transporting fruit to the Eastern market
is one of the movements toward prosper
ity which w.ll carry every orchard In the
State along with it.
General Miles will not have an opportu
nity to see anything of war this time, but I
he can employ his leave of absence at
tending baseball games and he may see
some good fighting.
The revolutionists in Honduras have
begun their campaign by cutting down the
customs duties at the ports in their posses
sion and seem to be running a Democratic
programme generailv.
It has been suggested by some Eastern
papers that Hawaii should be annexed,
not as a territory, but as a part of the
State of California. How does that strike
you for State extension?
It is said that ex-Queen Liliuokalani
has decided to settie in Washington, fo it
Beem« that she is no longer eeeking an
office in Honolulu and is willing to accept
a clerkship or any old thing.
It is probable John Wanamaker has
made up his mind never to run for office
in Philadelphia, for he recently told the
reoplo in a public address that they
needed more of the Chicago spirit.
This in all probability will be the last
tariff-making we shall have for a long
time and we mv get our industries pro
tected now or they may be left exposed to
unfair competition for years to come.
Chauncey Depew arises every morning
in these days to decline something. It is
reported he has just refused the German
mission, and we may yet hear of his de
clining to make an after-dinner speech.
The reciprocity clause was taken oat of
the tariff bill, as reported to the Senate,
only that It might be given a fuller treat
ment as an independent measure, and
fortunately the principle is strong enough
to stand alone.
The exports of manufactures for March :
exceeded the value of $25,800,000, thus
breaking the record and showing an in
crease of nearly 30 per cent ovnr the ex
ports for March of last year. The revival
is surely coming.
There is a movement in church circles
in Chicago to establish what is to be called
a "University of Applied Christianity."
It seems to be one of the inventions that
are caused by the necessities of the imme
diate environment.
It is asserted that a sufficient number
of Senators have promised their votes for
the revised tariff to assure its passage, but
it is not too late to make a fight for the
restoration of the Dingley rates on
prunes, raisins and other dried grapes.
It is announced that some Greeks have
been making experiments near Boston
with a new expl sive, which, according to
reports, is about powerful enough to blow
the whole Ottoman empire off the earth.
We can now sit back and await results.
THE TARIFF.
Reports from Washington concerning the outlook for a speedy adoption of a tariff
bill are so confl cting it is difficult to arrive at any conclusion concerning them. We
are assured by some correspondents tbat a poll of the Senate shows that a majority
is in favor of adopting the bill as reported to that body, but others, who are equally
well informed, state that strong opposition will be made to it; that it will have to be
materially amended before it can pass even the Senate; and that after leaving that
body it will meet with strong opposition in the House.
The changes in the bill which have attracted most attention ars those omitting
from the revised report the clause referring to Hawaii and that dealing with the sub
ject of reciprocity generally. It is understood that the Republican members of the
Financa Committee who revised the bill are not opposed to the Hawatian treaty ncr
to the principle of reciprocity, bat have deemed it best to report the bill without
them in oruer that they may ba taken up separately and dealt with on their merits.
This programme is one of parliamentary tactics whicn we may fairly assume to
have been wisely adopted since the men who have taken it are in daily consultation
with Republican Senators and have a full understanding of the situation. They are
certain y better able to decide how sucn questions should be dealt with than are
critics who are remote from Washington and cannot know so well what are the forces
for and anainst either of the measures. It cannot be denied that the Hawaiian treaty
and the principle of reciprocity are each of them of sufficient importance to deserve
a separate treatment, and therefore nothing seems to be lost by the course which nas
been taken.'
In the conflict of reports and estimates from Washington the only thing of which
we can be at all certain is tbat the debate on the bill in the Senate ii likely to be a
very long one, and also that there may ha a great deal of opposition L) the House to
any bill which the Senate adopts. The measure is not yet out of the woods, and
many amendments may be made to it before it becomes law. The people of Califor
nia must, therefore, continue to be vigilant in lookinz after their interests.
We have seen tbat in the revision made by the Senate committee we gain some
thing by increased duties on citrus fruits, but lose something by the reduction of
duties on other fruits. It is now our fight to hold fast to what we have gained, and if
possible recover what we have lost. It ia going to be a difficult task to form a tariff
which will give such satisfaction as to become a permanent part of our commercial
policy, but when once the present bill is adopted Congress will not readily undertake
to change it for many years to come. We must fight, therefore, at this time for our
interests, since negligence may lead to inefficient protection for the rest of this
generation.
THE MISSION PARK.
The debate at the session of the im
provement clubs on the proposition to in
dorse ihe movement of the Mission Park
Association was sufficiently spirited to
show that t^e proposal has attracted pub
lic attention, roused popular interest and
that citizens have begun to consider it as
a practical enterprise deserving study
under ail its aspects. This in itself is an
encouraging sign. It was not be expected
that everybody would aeree on every de
tail of the proposed improvement, ana the
very force ot the opposition to some of
the plans is an evidence of the keenness
with which the subjsct is now being
thought over by intluential members of
the community.
It is worth noting that the opposition
and differences of opinion disclosed dur
ing the debate were not directed to the
general plan of providing parks and pleas
ure grounds lor the southern portion of
the City. That mucli was made clear by
'.he adoption of a motion which, without
indorsing any particular plan or any par
ticular site for a park, advocated the
establishment of p?rks in the Mis-ion dis
trict. It may be assumed therefore that
the policy of jroviding such a park has
public approval, and there are no differ
ences of oninion except upon compara
tively minor matters of detail.
Popuiar sentiment will not arrive at any
conclusion on the subject until some i
definite plun has been devised by the pro- ;
moters of the enterprise and estimates
made of the probable cost. It depends ;
wholly upon the nature of these plans :
whether ihe scheme will have sufficient
support to be carried through at any time
in ihe near future. The promoters, there
fore, had best direct their attention to a
careful consideration of these features of
their enterprise. Tney have public favor
with them on the general proposition,
and if they can show how either one large
park or a series of small parks connected
by boulevards can be arranged without
entailing too great a cost, or involving
any suggestion of a job, they will stand a ;
fair chance of succeeding in their desires
and winning for themselves the honor
and credit of being the directors of a great
public improvement and the promoters of I
the general welfare of the City.
IHE ARBITRATION TREATY.
The defeat of the arbitration treaty by
the Senate was not unforeseen. The gen
eral principle of arbitration has long been
supposed by the American people, and a
majority of them favor such a principle
to this day. It has been clear, however,
lor some time that they were not in favor
of a treaty which would bind them to a:bi
tration upon all questions which might
arise between them and Great Britain.
The defeat of ths bill, therefore, does not
signify opposition to that method of set
tling international disputes, but is only
proof that the people are not willing to
taKe a leap in the dark and a^ree to arbi
trate matters which nave not yet arisen.
In addition to the general objection to
an agreement to arbitrate issues not yet
clearly defined and which, in fact, cannot
yet be fores en, there was also a sp-cific
objection to several feature of the treaty
as arranged by fcecietary Olney. These
objectionable features were of such a radi
cal nature they could not be cured by
amendment, and although the treaty was
revised and materially altered in many
respects it was nevertheless regarded by
ttie Senators as dangerous to some of the
most important interests of the country
and therefore rejected.
Senator Carter very clearly expressed
the prevailing sentiment when tie said
there could be no doubt of the partiality
of the Government and the people of the
United States toward the settlement of
disi.utes by arbitration, and that for this
reason there never would be any difficulty
in securing an agreement to that end In
case oi any spec. tic dispute. Accordingly
it is not necessary for our people to tie
themselves by an agreement or uncertain
scope and purport, eapicia ly with a coun
try which has shown itself to be completely
out of sympathy with our interests and
opposed to many of our National aspira
tions.
Tie defeat of the treaty will not be re
garded as in any respect militating against
the settled policy of this country to arbi
trate ali international disputes, whether
with a great power or a weak one. We
are not an aggressive people. We are
willing to *ettle every controversy in ac
cordance with reason and justice. We
have rejected this treaty solely because
we are aware that any question which
arises can be very readily submitted to ar
bitration without such a treaty, whereas
if we had adopted it, we might be bound
in cases where it would be opposed to our
prestige and our dignity as a Nation to
leave the adjudication of tho controversy
to a foreign power.
It li reported that ex-Senator Cameron
recently told his successor, Boies Penrose,
that he ought to marry, as it would be
more in keeping with his position as a
Seaator, and it is added . that Penrose
promptly leplied witn true party loyalty:
"All right; bring on the woman. I will
marry anybody the State Central Com
mittee indorses." 'This is the com test
evidence we have yet bad of the discipline
of the Pennsylvania machine.
■ ■ _■-■.. . _ _. ■ -■ . J'
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 7, 1897.
THE WAR ENDED.
The war between the Greeks and the
. Turk 3 is virtually at an end. The de
! cisive battle has been fought and won by
' the superior numbers of the Turkish
j army and the superior generalship of
Edhem Pasha. The Greeks have no
j longer any hope of opposing an effective
' resistance to the advance of the victorious
! hosts, and are ready to agreo to the ac
j ceptance of almost any terms which the
; powers may arrange.
The ending of the war by no means set
tles tLe problem of which it was the out
come. As a matter of fact the armed
struggle and ihe battles between the
Greeks and the Turks have formed only
an episode in a drama which has been
holding the attention of Europe for years
and seems now to be indefinitely pro
longed. Turkey will be allowed to reap
but little reward for the success of her
arms, and the Greeks will not be com
pelled to suffer much from their rashness
in undertaking to battle wi'h a superior
power against the counsel and warning!
of Europe.
When the war is formally ended and the
opposing armies have returned to their
homes, and the old, or possibly new,
boundary Jines have been drawn between
ttiem, the diplomacy of Europe will re
sume the problem of the Levant at al
most the exact point wliere it left off at
the outbreak of hostilities. Whether tho
successes of the Turks have to any extent
modified the views of statesmen remains
to be seen. It is extremely probable that
they may have greatiy changed the atti
tude of Turkey herself, and may render
the Sultan and bi 3 advisers more difficult
to deal with than they were before they
had tested the strength of their army and
proven their abilities as a lighting power.
If this should be so, the war, so far from
aiding the diplomatists in settling t!ie
difficult issues beiore them, will have the
opposite effect, and may yet have conse
quences whose influence will be felt for
years to come.
It can hardly b« sad that the result has
teen a surprise to the world. The mo<t
ardent iriends of Greece did not expect
her to win unless the subject peoples of the
Balkan peninsula shoulu rise to aid her in
a common war against the Turk. The
Greeks themselves evidently expected this
assistance. The invasion of Turkish ter
ritory by the irregular troops before war
was actually declared and the advance
into Epirus immediately on the outbreak
of hostilities are evidences of the lact that
the Government at Athens counted on an
uprising of the subject peoples of those
provinces as soon as the Greek armies ap
peared and tifforded a force around which
the insurgents could rally. These hopes,
as we have seen, were disappointed, and
with the retirement of the Greek troops
from the Turkish frontier the last chance
of Grecian success was lost.
For the present the movement toward
the destruction of the Ottoman empire is
checked. The Turk has once more shown
Europe that he will fight lor his domin
ions to the last, and die sword in hand
with his face to the foe. This will d-lay
the independence cf the Balkan people
for a while, but nevertheless the move
ment toward that end will begin ae«in.
For more than a hundred years the Turk
has been forced slowly backward from the
line of his .European empire when it was
at its greatest extfnt. Province after pio
vince hns been wrested away from the
Sultan, and the same forces which accom
plished so muc:i in the pa.-t will sooner or
later complete their task by the complete
overthrow of Moslem rule in Europe.
The end may be far off, but it is inevitable.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
Hanford, the live county seat of Kings
County, ig preparing to celebrate to-morrow
the arrival of the San Francisco and San
Joiqutn Railroad. The town has v population
of something over 3UOO people, and is taking
on the nays of a substantial and enterprising
city. Thomas H. Van Frank, the electrician,
who has been there for several days pasi iv
connection with insla'.ling tne electric wiring
for the Brooks-Foil is Electric Company in the
new Courthouse, has returned to the City. He
snys rianiord is quite astir. Farmers through
out that section of the San Joaquin are rais
ing fields of fine grain, and orchards and vine
yards are laden with maturing fruit. He said:
" It Is difficu t to realize the impetus which
the Valley Road has given to business
throughout San Joaquin Valley until you make
a personal investigation. The road is gradta
through as far as Hftnlordin Kings County, and
in a lew days the depot at that point will be
near ing completion.
"The roaa will probably bo open for traffic
as tar as Hanford early In the summer.
"Kings County, while one of the youngest
In the State, is making great strides in the
right direction. The rublic buildings at Han
ford present nn unusually attractive appear
ance, tho now fire-proof Courthouse being an
especially (ommodious and beautiful build
ing. Tnrough the courtesy of Mr. H. G.
Lacey, the owner of tho lighting plant at
Hanford, we were afford d au opportunity of
visiting many of the banner ranches of the
county.
"There is an air of thrift and prosperity about
these placet, but nowhere is it more in evi
dence than at the celebrated Lucerne vine
yard, the property of San Francisco capitalists.
The largest ralsin-grape vineyard in the
world— for over 1000 acres are under Cultiva
t'.on—representing, as It does, the outlay 01 a
fortune, it Is indeed a monument to the busi
ness sagacity of its owners and to the wise
management of the superintendent, Mr. Louis
Chittenden.
"Preparations are being made for a grand
ball on toe evening ol May 9 to celebrate the
advent of the Valley road. It will be like a
scene from fairyland; thousands of gayiy
co;ored lanterns decorate the lawns and drives
while the spacious ranch buildings are being
redecorated in honor of the event. A thousand
invitations will bring an equal number of
guests, and the ball promises to go down in
the history of Kings County as the most mag
nificent entertainment ever given in the San
Joiiijuiu Valley."
A lit FcR GREECE.
0 Greece !
Whose t lysses
Pasted Poivphemus In the eye,
< lo.lng the same;
Who fl w .he coop at Poseidon,
And be' ame Calypso's star boarder;
v CJrefce!
'^matter anyway?
Have you nu bid
fcbop-worn Agamemnons lying around
Lnt-se?
< r nn occasional Hector
Or two?
r»o\v here's a tip:
May the First is Moving Day.
ni what in Hellas
The mat:er with moving the Moslems
On that occasion?
While the Turug llei dreamiDg
In hi» gunnled tent of
f'rpcce her kuee*
In supplianrebent,
'1 hen's the tim- to trot out
■ A buucti of Nymph*,
Or Kti Aphrodite,
(■rease her knees
All you lilce, o;lv
T'-rn the rceress loose
With powrr to act,
WhilZeus
I lays second hand low
i>>m bis rez-de-chaussee
un Olympus, and .-tpiune
Kollg v wave over 'em
From Alpha to Upsilon
Or thereiiboiits.
And the frog* of Aristophanes
bound h funeral dirge!
0 Greece!
On! take this lip.
A.nd they won't Uo a thing
On the banks of the Htyx
For muntbs to coruo
Bat entertain the
•lurks. — New York Snn.
PEKSUNaL
Frank H. Phillips of London is In town.
L. L. Baker, a mining man of Leadville, 1b at
the Kuss.
B. T. McCallough of Knijhts Landing ii at
the Grand.
D. W. C. Maison, a capitalist of Chicago, is at
the Palace.
G. T. Tilford and Mrs. Ti'.ford of Canada are
In the City.
Herrick Broge of Denmark is among the late
arrivals here.
Philip A. Perry, a banker of London, is at
the California.
\V. W. Miadlecoff, an attorney of Salinas, is
on a visit h^re.
A. A. Gib«on, a mining man of Salt Lake, Is
on a visit here.
11. L Anderson of Los Angeles is registered
at the Cosmopolitan.
R. Nolman and wife of Chicago are staying
at the Cosmopolitan.
Robert Crawford and Mrs. Crawford of Syd
ney are at the Russ.
C. R Smith, principal of the schools at
Yrcka, is in the City.
Dr. A. G. Sehlae^ser of Chicago is on a visit
here and is at the Grand.
A. Li Berrill of Sydney, N. S. W., Is among
the guests at the Palace.
Lieutenant A. M. Beecher of the United
States navy is in the City.
W. M. Slrangham, a business man of Syd
ney, N. S. \\\, is at the Russ.
Ricimrd w. Bates of London arrived here
yesterday. He is at the Palace.
H. de R. Walker of Loudon is a late arrival
here. He came by the Alanieiia.
J. V. Meloche, one of the owners of the
Stockton ice works, is at the Grand.
R. V. Webster of Ceylon was one of the
arrivals by tho Alamcda yesterday.
F. 11. Trisbee, a capitalist ol Duluth, Is a vis
itor here. He is at the Occidental.
MacD. Snowball of Pusadcna, accompanied
by his wife and son, is on a visit to this City.
William A. Farri«h, the reining engineer, of
Denver, formerly of California, is in the City.
W. T. Mears of Duncans Mills, an ex-member
of the Legislature, is in town on a business
trip.
E. B. Willis, editor of the Sacramento
Record-Union, is la the City, accompanied by
his son.
M. J. McFarlane of Balleraore, Ireland, 1* j
touring the State and has apartments at the
Cosmopolitan.
Leslie W. Cockerell of London Is among the
late arrivals here. He came by way of Samoa
and Honolulu.
State Senator John J. Boyoe of Santa Bar
bara and Mrs. Boyoe arrived here yesterday
and are at the Occidental.
Mrs. P. Ketmer of Gallup, N. M., and Mrs. J.
T. Shea of Los Angeles are visiting in the City
and are staying at the Cosmopolitan.
Jiroes W. Oaten of Santa Rosa, ex-United
States District Attorney ant) brother of Gover
nor Oates of Alabama, arrived here last night
and is at the Lick.
Calvin H. Holme«, who owns a large tract of
land at Kellogg, much of whic^ is under fine
cultivation, is at the Russ. He is one of the
wealthiest men in that part of the State.
Ex-Mayor Chnr.es D. Jacob of Louisville.
Ky., is at the i'aloce, accompanied by his
nephew, Donald U. Jacob. They have been on
a trip to Australia and are now en route home.
Among the arrivals here on the A'ameda
yesterday were J. Armitage, Mrs. ArmKagc
and M;ss Armitage, of England, who have been
on a voyage of the world. They are at the
Occidental.
J. B Peaks the "Papa Peaks" of the Mid
winter Fair, former hotel-keeper and now
following inn old occupation of mining, is at
the Palace. He writes himself down as of the
Lucky Bill mine.
Thomas Pnscoe, a mining operator of Perth
and Cooigardie, in West Australia, and who
lately hah made a big gold strike in that coun
try, arrived hero yesterday. He will stay a
few days and then go East.
William F. Burbank, founder, part owner
and editor of the Los Angeses Evening Record,
a newspaper in tne Scripps syndicate, is
among the visitors hero. A few years ago he
was a newspaper man in Oakland.
Mark Walser, ex-Assistant District Attorney
of Fresno, was among the arrivals here yester
day and is at the Grand. Mr. Walser has min
ing interests in Muriposa County which have
lately promised large results. He will proba
bly be here several days.
John McGovcrn, night clerk of the California
Hotel, who has been away on a vacation in tbo
mountains for over a month past, is again at
hiß post. Mr. McGovern is much Improved by
reason of the recreation he has had. He is
one of the best known hotel men In the City.
CALIFORNi,.N IN NEW YORK
NEW YORK, N. V., May 6.— At the St. Cloud
— J. K. Carey. Grand Union— Miss Ball, Miss
Drummond. Imperial— L>. M. Moses.
WIiH YtUtt COFFEE
The Parson— Your neighbor looks like a very
persistent man. Ho doesn't look as il he would
give UDanything.
The Dencon— Well, I've been passin' the plate
for hard on ten years and I never see him give
up anything yet. — Yonlcrrs Statesman.
A man strolled into a fashionable church
just before the service began. The sexton fol
lowed him up and tapping him on the
shoulder and pointing to a small cur that hud
followed him into the sacred edifice said:
"Dogs are not admitted."
"That's not my dog," replied the viaitor.
"But he follows you."
"Well, so do you."
The texton growled and immediately re
moved ill-, dog with unnecessary violence.—
Tit-bus.
Rounder— Dou you really refuse to forgive
me?
Spinster— No; I shan't forstive you, not even
if 1 live to be 100 years old.
He— Dear me, how cruel I What chance have
I of living eighty years longer?
She— Well, perhaps I can forgive you after
all.— Humoristische Blatter.
"How time flies as ouo gets olderl"
"Yes; when I was a clerc on salary the time
did not pass half so rapidly as it does cow I
am in business with notes to meet."—lndiana
pol s Journal.
A HISTORIC NEWSPAPER.
There are two copies of the Boston Gazette dated March 12, 1770, still extant. One is In
the Smithsonian Institution, the other is an heirloom in a California family.
Uncommon Interest would attach to the mere fact that a copy of a paper printed so long
ago was still intact and readable to a generation of this ago.
Of the millions of human beings who swarmed the earth when the Boston Gazetto of
March 12, 1770, appeared fresh from the printing press not one Is livine to-day. It if a verit
able news record from the grave. But this Is not Its most remarkrfble significance.
On the 12th ol March, 127 years ago, the Boston Gazette, which was a weekly publication,
printed its first news report of the Boston messacre, which had occurred a few days before.
In picking up this paper now, over a century later, the awed beholder experiences a vague
feel ing of nearness to that bloody deed which it so sharply and vividly portrays as though it
were an occurrence of yesterday.
The reading of the ancient sheet, with all its allusions to a present time and not to a dim
past, weaves an environment around one's mentality that is not at all of the nineteenth cen
tury.
A Call writer was detailed to investigate the report that this remarkable relic was in ex
istence oniy a few miles away, and the result of his exploration nas brought to light the pap-r
and its odd history during thei. 1 137 yt'iirs.
Tho owner of it courteously perarfttiH The Call to take possession of it long enough to
have it photographed. A fac-simile reproduction of it will appear in tho Sunday issue of this
paper, together with s 'me interesting text concerning it. It is not too much to say that this
will be the most striking special newspaper article that has appeared on this coast for many
a tin ■••
The Call is ncquiring the reputation of publishing the freshest, the most original, the live,
liest and withal the most decent Sunday supplement in San Francisco and the issue for next
Sunday will materially strengthen its claim to that distinction.
It will be a paper for the f-.mily at home in the parlor or drawing-room to read. The
father, the mother, the brothers and the Bisters, the little cnildreu — everybody may fli.d his or
her inclinations or tastes accommodated. Watch for a complete announcement of its con
tents. It will be publi-hed to-morrow.
"THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL."
Letters From Our Readers on Topics of Current
Interest.
National Populist Committee Troubles.
Editor of the San Francisco Call— Sir: It is now well known that if all the Popnli3ts from
Maine to California had voted solidly for Blyr.ll he would have been elected by a larger ir.a
ority than McKinley polled. And yet the "fusion" candidate came "perilously" near being
elected. The advocates ol "fusion" now confidently believe that they can carry the next elec
tion for the Presidential candidate if the '-middle-of-the-road" or straight Populists can be
held in line and induced to support a fusion candidate.
In the meantime the straight Populists are organizing a powerful opposition to any such
"union of forces" as compelled them to accept Bryan, the free silver Democratic candidate
last year, and a large majority of the Populist newspapers, organized as the Reform Press
Association, openly and earnestly oppose any form of fusion and denounce and repudiate their
Natlonnl chairman, Senator Duller of North Carolina, as the ally of Senator Stewiirt and other
silver Republicans and Bryan Democrats, nud demand his resicnatiOD, because he lias refused
to call the National Committee together 10 define the situation.
A committee of these reform press editors ha« just issued a call for a National Delegate
Conference to meet in Memphis, Term., July 4, 1897, to do what the National chairman de
c.ined to have the National Committee do— to declare for an independent policy, in order to
consolidate the party In opposition to fusion. This has created intense feeling at Wasninpton
among the office-lioiding Populists, nearly every one of whom secured his election as Senator
or Congressman through fu«ion. Senator Butler, himselt, gained his seat in the United Slates
Senate by fusion witn the Republicans of Nortn Carolina, and Senator Allen of Nebiaska
gained his sent by fusion with Democrats in his State; and so it is wltn nearly all of them.
The first move of Chairman Butler and other office-holding Populists in Washington, to
head iff the proposed Memphis conference, was to hold "a joint caucus of Senators and Repre
! sentatives," and a "Washington letter" was prepared by tins caucus and «ent out over the
I country, one copy being sent by Senator Duller personally to ex-Senator l\ffer, now the editor
of the Top'-'ka (Kans. ) Advocate. Mr. Pefler published the last paragraph with scathing com
ments. The paragraph makes the charge that "it has been learned th«t some emisartes of the
middle-of-the-road combine have been in Washington on the quiet. They have not consulted
with Populist Semtors and Congressmen, but it :» rumored that they have been consulting
with oerlnin Republicans."
"Dear Populist reader," says Mr. Peffer, "did you ever read a more insinuating, close
mouthed, underhanded and scurrilous attack on any person or body ? It has been learned"
[Hy whom?] "that some emissaries" [Some what? Who ai-d what is an emissary ?] "of the
middle-of-the-road combine" [What sort of a combine is this ? Who compose it, and tor whit
purpose is it forpied ?] "on the quiet." What does that mean ? All there is of this is rumor,
and yet it goes out in the letter of « Senator of Ihe United Stales, written in a Senate com
mittee-room on committee letter-head paper.
The Advocate does not know that there is any middle-of-the-road combine, but it thinks
there ought to be one if for no other reason than to < ffset the work of the Congressional com
bine. !or this combine is assuming dictatorial and despotic powers, etc.
Well-iniormed readers who uuderatand politics need not be told by me that there is mat ter
in this Populist ouibrenk of importance to "the Nation, for if it prevents fusiou of the reform
forces the triumph of the straight Populists means much to the country, which I m«v poiut
out hereafter. Joseph asbury Johnson.
855 Market street, April 29, 1897.
FRATERNAL DEPARTMENT.
The Twentieth Anutvertary of Morse
.Lodge No. 257 of the Independent
Order of Odd Fellows.
Memorial Hall In the O3d Fellows' building
was crowded to its fullest capacity last
Wednesday ni?ht by the friends of Morpe
Lodge No. 257, who had assembled on invi
tation to enjoy the programme that had been
prepared in honor of the occasion by the anni
versary committee— Joseph J. Richards, P. G.
(Chairman), Past Grand J. Sampson, J. M. Wil
son, H. Spellman, C. Brind, A. Stevens and E.
Lc-'poM.
The progrnmme was an unusually Inter
esting ooe and of more than ordinary length.
After a few words of welcome by Dr. Carieson,
the noble grand, those who took part came on
the platform without tho formal announce
men t so usual in affairs of this char«cter— "Our
next number will be a vocal solo," etc. The
Golden Gate orchestra gave as an overture the
"Double Eaele March"; Master George Kich
ard«, it lftd if 12, gave selections on the vio.ln
which gave proof that he Is on the road that
lead:) u> the niche that professional violinists
seek to reach; two little girls, Carrie and MU
lie Adolph, sang songs suited to juvenile
voices, and then followed a good sketch en
titled "Musical Tramps," in which Messrs.
liathweli aud Talsen gave a numDer of 1m ita
tions and some good music on various instru
ments.
Miss Bessiit Savannah gave two recitations,
and her delivery and action were far above the
class of r. cuera who volunteer at fraternal
entertainments. One of the gems of the even
ing was a violin solo, a selection from "Rlgo
letto," with Mussard's Mazourka n8 an encore.
Tniswas by Master Benedict Smith, a youth
of 16, who Is now a pupil of Mine. Camilla
Unso. 111! performance gave evidence of a i
high order of ability. Ills playing is such
that it has a.tracted the attention of many of
the leading critics', who have spoken in the
highest praise, and if he continues in the en
thusiasm that now possesses him he will be
come another bright star In the constellation
of brilliant musical geniuses that California
i has proiucea.
Another attractive feature was the presenta
tion of classic scenes by Me.-srs. Kenneth, Me-
I.cod and Edward Burrows. The first was the
quarrel scene from "Julius Cse'Hr," in which
the first named look the part of Brutui and
the last named that of Cassius. Mr. McLeoo,
who has for some time past been studying far
thestHge, displayed evidence of caretul study
of the part he assumed. lie has a good stage
presence, but delivery that needs a little lorce
to make it more effective. Iv the second se
lection, in which ho a«sumed the part of Vlr
frinius in the scene where the Roman father
seeks his daughter, he gave further evidence
of strong dramatic talent, which, being devol
oped, nill, with a careful study of those wno
follow in lie line of the legitimate and with
encouragement, place him in the lineof ad
vancement In the profession be has chosen.
Then were given th« lollowitiK nunibe-s:
Mandolin soo, Miss Mi»y Tiffany, Mrs. L. Kel
sev accompanist; \V. H. Taisen, who told a
few of his jokes; Harry Aaolph ployed popu
lar airs on lead pencl.s, tin whißtles «nd on a
piece of rubber hcne; T. H. Klltro recited "The
Old Act- r's Story"; MissN'eille McMullln gave
vocal selections, and the programme closed
with character impersonations by Louis Hess,
all of which were well received. Atter the pro
gramme there was a collation for ail who
wlshtd to partake. The evening was a most
enjoyable one, which will be remembered
with pleasure by all who attended. . Chairman
Richards was a busy man attending to the
comforts of the gues'.s and seeing that the
talent came on in turn without delay, but he
proved equal to the occasion, y ■.'.,■>
The National Union.
Pacific Council of the National Tjnloa held
a meeting last Monday night, and Emil
Greenebaum, the president, after an absence
of several weeks, presided. There wesone ini
tiation. At the next meeting of this council
there will he presented a proposition to traus
fer the entire membership to California Coun
cil No. 530. This will, no doubt, evoke a
lively discussion.
California Council held a spirited meeting
last Wednesday night, at which there was a
large attendance ol the membership and of
visitors from other councils. During the
evening . mere, were live initiations, and
twelve applications were received, whicn will
be acted upon at the next meeting. Under the
head of good of the order there was an ad
dress by G. A. Schleifer of Benjamin Franklin
Council of Chicago; a short talk by E. W.
Ferguson of Pacific Conucll; remarks by J. K. \
Meld, president of San Francisco Cabinet; a
patriotic address by C.J.King, secretary of
the council; H. L. Tickner gave an interesting
account of what took place in Salinas during
the encampment in that place of the Grand
Army of the Republic; G. E. Kerr gave a vocal
*olo; the quartet gave several selections;
Dr. v. Delchmiller gave a recitation and
a P. Carter favored with a vocal solo.
During the evening. President Frank H.
Hastings was presented with a beautifnl
bouquet in appreciation of his amiable dispo
sition and executive abiitty in the chair,
I.oreley Circle, C. O F.
Loreley Circle, Companions of the Forest (F.
of A.) had a v> ry enjoyable "nightcap party"
In Social Hail, Alcazar, building, last Wednes
day ni*ht, which was given under the super
vision of Mrs. B. Burgh j and Mrs. Euler, com
posing the committee of arrangements, and
Mrs. 8. Petsch, Mrs. A. Pape and Mrs. B. Pope
the reception committee. ■ There were present
as many people aa could ' crowd into j the big !
- ■■ , ■ •
hall, and the assemblage presented c. curious
appearance, for nearly every oue wore a plain
nightcap. Uurinp tiie evening then; wns
butone event aside irom the dancing, and
that wss the entertainment of the audience
for a qiarterof an hour by Wilhelm Ota ten,
the popular German comedian. Shortly be
fore midnight coffee and c»kes were served to
all. Loreley is the only Geruian-speakins; cir
cle in the jurisJiction oi the Staie, and it is
one of the most progregsive of the many cir
cles of the order.
B'aai B'rith.
On the evening of the 18th inst. there will
be a meeting in B. B. llnll under the auspices
of the committee on intellectual improve
ment and the I'ast Presidents' Association of
Uictrict No. 4, I. O. B. 8., when there will be
presented a literary programme, musical te
leciions and a debate on "Is a university edu
cation essential to a successtul business
career?" Those who are to take part in the
debate are: 11. Gutstadt, E. Peixotto, E.
Tausky ana il. Ros»nthal. There will also be
an a-ldress by L. L. Solomon, the orator of tne
District Grand Lod^e; a vocal solo by Mr.
Abramoff and g-jlenious by the mandolin
club, besides o p her numbers.
On Wednesday night Grand President Stein,
in company with the prand officers, paid an
official visit to (iniden Gate anu Ophir lodges,
and alter the official work had been performeu
there was a banquet in honor of the visitors.
A pleasant hour or two was spent in listening
to addresses for the good ot the order.
Companions of tii«> Forest.
Lust Wednesday night the carnival dance
given by Sherwood Circle No. 129, Compan
ions of tne Forest, in the social hall of the
Foresters' building was attended by a large
number of the friends of the members of the
circle, and It proved a very entertaining event.
1 1 was given under the direction of Mrs. Kale
Howard* (chairmau), 51ri. Furgeson, Tillie
Meyers, Mrs. Hartley, Mrs. Chapriot, Martha
Schaffer, Mrs. itarvey and Mr. Smith, who
composed the committee of arrangements.
Mr«. Furiteson was the floor manager.
Wednesday uight Loyal Circle paid a fr»
ternal visit tolvanhoe Circle ana the mem
bers were wellenteriained. Later in the even
ing the two circles paid a visit to California
Circle, where a hoarty welcome awaited vis
itors. After the exchange of compliments the
visitors were treated to a collation.
Next Monday night Mazzini Circle will give
a party In Washington-square Hall, and on
that occasion there will be a bean contest
when a prize will be awarded to the one guess-
Ing the nearest to the number of beans in a
glass jar.
. Washington Circle is making arrangement*
for the celebration on tne 17th of June next
of the fourteenth anniversary of its Institu
tion.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
Population and Religion— Subscriber, Cit<-.
The population of the world is estimated at
1,487,900,000; fiat of England at 27,500,
--000. Ireland 4,700,000, Germany 52,240,000.
France 38,280,000, Italy 30,500,000. Austria-
Hungary 44.448.000, Russia 124,000,000,
United Stales 74,500,000. The authorities
differ so widely as> to t tie number of catholics
and Protestants 1p each of tliese countries that
this department is unable to determine which
is the most reliable. If you will visit the
reference-room of tUe Free I'ub.ie Library you
can there consult Mulihail's Statistics and the
World's Almanac, which will give you figures
on religion, such as they are, for ail the coun
tries named and more. too.
A Cubic Foot of Water— E. 8., City. One
cubic toot of fresh water contaius G. 2321 Im
perial gallons. The meter rates Jor water by
the Spring Valley Company vary aecorriine to
the amount usrd. The schedule «ays that for
the least amount— from 0 to 2000 cubic feet—
XEW TO-DAT.
There are times when the
variation of a pulse beat
tells the practiced physician
Whether the scale will go i
down and mean death or up
and mean life. But suppose
the medicine he prescribes is
not the medicine which your
child is taking, but some-
thing the druggist thought
would do just as well ! Who
is going to regulate the bal-
ance then ? A druggist who
will offer you something else
when you ask for Scott's
Emulsion will do the same
thing with his prescriptions.
Get what you ask for I
the rate is 29 eviu* per luu iub fjvt, «nd
when the amount is ; between 60,000 and
70,000 feet the rate Is 14 cents per 100 cubic
feet. ■ ■ ' -■
Is a CmzEK-H. X., City. If a child is born
in England to American parents while thav
parents arc on a visit in that country that X
child is a citizen of the United States i, tho f
same as if born in the United States. If that
child is brought back to the Lnited States,
provided it is ■ i oy and lives there until at
taining a m«jority. he can voie "wt thout hav
ing to take out iiaturalizition papers. 1 1 a
eirl shecouid, on attaining her m J.>rltv. Jl a
resident of either \Vycminß, Coicraao or
Utah, become a voter there.
Cal. glace iruit 50c per-lb., at Townsend's. *
« — ♦ — ■• —
The Prince of Wale." posaeßSOi a curioui
paperweight. It is the haad of an Egyptian
mummy.
Gesttixe eyeglasses, specs, 15c to 40c; Sun
day> 740 Market, Ka-<t shoestore; weekdnys
35'Fourih street, next bakery. *
FrrciAi. inlormation daily to mannfactnrer^
business nouses and public men by the Pra«
Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Montgomery.
» » «
Christian jSndeavorera are coming, there
fore have your paper-hanging and painting
done now. M. Mergan, 1302 Webster ►treet.
is highly recommended for good and cheai.
work. Latest styles of paper 4c, ingrains 9c. •
Murk Hooktus Institute of Art.
The spring exhibition is now open daily
i.-om 9 a. M. 10 8 r. M. and grand concert every
Thursday evening. Open ruudaysj
m ♦ — -9
Ex-Senator PenVr, who hns taken editorial
control of a Populist paper in Kansas, says
that it will continue to advocato that party's
pilnciples, but "aiong conservatives lines," as
ho has lenrned that this world is too big for
men to re-creato it.
The Swiftest 'Iram In the West—
3% Days to Chicago or St. L.oui«—
4M Diiys to New York.
The Santa ie limited has dlnlng-car, bnffet
smotln^-car and Pullman palace dr*wlng-ro<im
sleei<lng-c»rs. Leaving San Frar.cnco at 6p. m.
Mon .ays ami Thursdays, connection Is made at
Bcr3tow wliuth.s handsome train. Through can
to Chicago, botii Pullman palace drawing-room
and modern upholstered tourUt sleepers, run
dally. lick-ts also sold via Portland. Ogden, Lo«
Angeles, Demluf? or lil I'aso to all points In the
United States. Canada. Mexico or hurope. Sets
time table In advertising co'umn. San .Francisco
ticket ottice 641 Market street, Chronicle build
ing. Telephone Man 1531. Oakland, 1118
Broadway. _
♦ » — ♦
Bnllrnad llcketi to iho Kant: vl» Klo
Graitde Weatern and Denver and
■ Ilio <jrnu<le Railwsiv*.
At lowest possible rates, with through Pullmvi
buffet and tourist sieeplnsr enr service every d»r.
Personally conducted excursion* leaving Tusslar-
Wednesday nnd Thursday. Only line prrmUtlai
stop-over at Salt 1-ake City on all classes of tiolc jii
Detailed Information and tickets luruishevl a. **
Mout»oaj«ry street, or 814 California »traj-
» ».■ — ♦
••Sirs. Winslon-'i toothing Syrnp"
Hag been nsed over flfiy years by millions i>t •
mothers lor their children whi.e Teething with per
fect success. Jt booihes tho child, niftens.hpgnnii.
allays Pain. <ures Wind Colic, rejsiiiiues be Uoweli
and is tbe best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether aris
log irom tee. hing or otber causes, ior sale by dn.g
giaia in every pan of the world. B^ sure and i«
tor Mil. WLns.ow's -..oil, ln* Syrup. 20u a botUo.
• — — • "" '\? f\.
Cobonado.— Atmosphere is perfectly dry. soft
and mild, being entirely free from toe mists com
mon further north. Round- trip tickets, by sieam
ship, lucludtng lifteen days' board a: the Hotel d»l
< oronado, $t>o; longer stay $2 60 per day. Apply
4 New Montgomery s'reet, San FrancUco.
Spriko Chickens are not aiways tender: but
Ayer'i* Pills enable the stomucli to digest ths
toughest meat.
« — * — »
"What a tongh face that fellow has! Don't
you think so?"
"Think so! I know It. I tried to break it
once." — Cincinnati Enquirer.
KEW TO-DA.T
Pure Food
OUR STRONGHOLD.
Teas, Coffees,
Spices, Extracts,
Baking Powder,
AT THE
Pure Food
STORES
Great AmericanlfflpDrting Tea Co.
EXPERTS with
00 Pure Food Stores.
PURE FOOD
Our Stronghold.
I Shoe CO. No. 10 Third St,
H STAMPED ON A SHOE MEANS STANDARD OF MERIT
CLOTH-TOP OX-BLOOD
LM« Shoei are worn by all liviles who
wuli In ilttMS «ell and according to fasti-
lou. They are the latesl. nobb:i'«.t and
awellest Ktvle We have jus 1 , received a
new lnvolc», which we will sell at a price
that Is tmutij to make a run on them.
Ladles' Xl mi Cloth X< p Oxßlcod Lace ;
S iocs. POIntM Toss n:id Tips, lircu ar
Vamps and Heel • t'oxtiift, wiiicli we will
»el. at .I!" a pair Tne supply ta limited, as
it Is a great bargain, so send in your orders
■ early.
MWses' and Children's Rnss?t Shoes sold
at a great saciili
KW Country orders sollcltel.
tO" 6end ior jiewr lllU3.ra:ei c'aiaiojis.
jjauress
B. KATCHINSKI,
FHILADELPHI4. SHOE CO.,
10 Third St.. San IraucUo >.
GROVE L. JOHNSON
HAS RKMOVED HIS LAW OFFICKS FROM
Sacramento to Sun J-'iancisco an 1 formed a
jiartnership with Walter 11. Mnfo th and Geors*
K. Whlialct-r. with olllce3 at 310 Piu« t.FRIDAY -MAY 7, 1897
AMUSEMENTS.
rAi.nwrN Thkatef. - -'E! Capitun."
Columbia Theater a l'.iui on the Bank.'
Morosco's Opera- Housk -■ An American
Hero.
Alcazar Theater Fast Lynne."
Tivoli Opera House >h«mus O'Brlea."
Ormiecm —High-Class Vaudeville.
t'l.nii'N. — Grand Concert.
"■•I.IKN Gatk Hall— Lecture.
H'TRo Baths. Bathing and l'erforrnances.
Thk Chutes anii Kkatixo Kink- Daily at
Ilniprht streoi, one block ins; of the PHrk.
Oakland Rack Track.— Knees to-day.
PICNICS AND EXCI RS!ONS.
Jlaywarti's Pakk.— Concerts every Sunday.
El Campo — Music, liaucing, lioatlng, I'isliing,
( vti\ Sunday.
AtCiiO.N : Ai- S.
By Chas. : kvv ct Co— This clay. May 6,
Furnituri'. etc, at 1136 Market su, at 10 o'tlock.
By iSriANA .Mrrinx Co.— Thl« day. May 6,
Fnrnttare, at 1171 Mission st., a. 11 o'clock.
By G. 11. Vmbsen it Monday, May 10,
I'eal Eastate, v; 14 Montgomery st., at 12 o'clock.
By t/BTON it J iikii'ok. — May 11
J<nl Estate, at salesrooms, 63s Market aireet,
Bl 12 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Fair and warmer Friday, with light winds.
Murderer Sutler was breaking down when
the steamer Maraposa left samoa.
The annual spring exhibition of the San
J-'rareiscj Art Association was opened last
evening.
1 red A. Cooper of the Auditorium hai been
aicußed of grand larceny by George O'Byrne, a
collector.
The officers ol the various streetcar lines in
the Stat j met and banqueted last night at the
California.
Mrs. M-iry Dobelzarr ended a dick spell yes- j
terdHy by "taking strychnine. Slie is now ia i
the Morgue.
The Supreme Court has rendered r peculiar
decision as to admitting new evidence In
lelony cases.
Genera] William B. Shafier has been elected
commninler ot the Loyal Legion California
Commandery.
Anne McGloin has sued Luigi; Quirolo for
the possession of property on Natoina street,
near Fifteenth.
Isfldore Wood has sworn to a warrant charg
ing J. A. I'eckerman with obtaining money by
false pretenses.
P. McGillen, a steam-fitter of 1718 Leaven- j
■vvorth street, died suddenly yesteraayof can
cer in the throat. I
Miss Maude Bupgan claims that ftufus
Vassar embezzled from her *orne $150 and a
j'Jt.K.l diamond riiifc'.
Mayor i'he!n:i will call two violations of j
oidinauces to the attention of the Supervisors
p.t the next meeting.
The People's Mutual Telephone Company
will begin laying its tirat underground con
duit within a. I W days.
Mr-. Martin is painting hrr three
ause she does not like
me : .. amterh' union.
At the meeting of the Fire Commissioners
: ••- were Imposed upou four rneni-
C various breaches oi duty.
Tne winning horses at Emery villa track yes
»ere: Lucky Btar, Adam Andrew, S.a
Eismore, Howard ana Logan.
es ol i rise-winning dops throughout
ji ol the coast hare been entered for
exhtbltion in the coming beneti show.
Marparet Dor has fiied a petition to be ap
l>ui:itcd xdmiuisiratrix oi the estate ot KJ
vard J. O'Ne.li, who left an estate of £U93 iv
ift^h.
The steamship Alameda of the Oceanic
tteniaship Company's line arrived yesterday,
lompleting her flitietu round trip, irora
bidney.
A Socialists' open-air meeting on Grant
avenue aud O'Farrell streets was broken up
last evening by miscreants hurling egfs Into
the crowd.
Divorce litigation does not appear to have I
been diminished by the new law which pro- j
liib!:s remarriage ior a year after the diguing
i : the decree.
Arthur G. Kemp?, a despondent laborer out
of euip.oymeut, i_ornuiiu<jd suicide yesterday
1 swallowing laudanum iv his room in the
■. ■ a House.
I. Less, a barber, has sought a warrant for
the arrest of £. Fuchs, in the same line of uusi
caarging him with unprofesa oval and
:est acts.
The funeral of the late C. W. Taylor took
place yesterday (rom the Masonic Temple, and
service was conducted Ly th». Grand
Lodge oi >fasous.
The Merchants' Association wants the Su
pervisors to a; propriate money for the unem
} loyed iustead of lor the usual I'ourih 01 July
celebration this year.
Richard J. Seddon. Premier of New Zealand,
arrive I here yesterday with his fatniiy ou his
way 10 Kugland to attend the celebration of
tiiu reign of Victoria.
Over 500 cyclists have Joined the California
ated Cycling Clubs as individual-, ana
a royal battle will soon be on with tne League
oi'Amer;cuu Wheelmen.
Another excitinij encounter took place be
tween Editor Barry end David Neagie on
Tuesday, in which much unpur.ianiuutary
language was exchanged.
An autopsy by Dr. Gallagher on the body of
Bartuolemew Ahem disclosed the lact t"hat
death was caused by asphyxiation by gas. His
fne:.ds claim that lils deaih was accidental.
Bishop Breyfogel if the Evangelical Asso
cia;ion arrived in this City yesterday morn
ing. He will preside ovi?r the st-hsioiu of tne
California <_oi.ference whica will couveue this
xnornicg.
C. M. Shortridse and R. A. Crothers were
last night elected by the San Fraiicuco Press
Club to attend the meeting of the Interna
tional League of Press Clubs June 1 next
New Y..rk.
The Street Committee of the Boara of Su
pervisors has allowed the Southern Pacific
Eai.road Company irom three to eighteen
months in which to construct ga'.ei at various
railroad crossings.
General William R. Shafter will not remain
in the Eas:. as announced a few days aeo. He
is now on hi f> way to £an FranclsO". The offi
cers of the F;rst Infantry will Rive him a re
eep lon at the Presidio Club early next week.
A cargo of Or.-gon pine lumber marked "li
B B" bus been found floating near me inland
of Samoa. A broken mast was also lound by
the naiives there, and ,it Is believed to be
debria from the wreck o£ a vessel iron. Oregon
or California.
A committee has been appointed by the Cali
fornia League of Mutual Benefit and Loan As
sociations to draw up a universal form of
trust deed to be recommended for use In i me
the Supreme Court render a favorable decision
In a caSB now pending.
The Sar.ta Gertrudes Mining and Milling
Company has been iucorporateJ by George S.
Conruy. Nathan Selig, John F. Keirney, G. W.
Gagau, Georee W. Loehr, L. M. Mauzer, Fred
V. Meyer. George L. Conipo Mild \V. H Fuller
with a capital s'.ock ci $20,000. The com
pany's mines are in Sinali a, Mexico.
Nothing of particular interest developed at
yesterday's ses.sion of the rair-(Jravou trial.
Il wa- another day spent in leal feiu-tug over
the admissibiiity of copies of notarial b.a:iks
by which tne executors of the Fair estate
claim to be able to prove that Mrs. Craven 's
deeds were acknowledged after Senator Fair's
deatn.
JfEW 10-DAI.
Most torturing and disfiguring of itching,
burning, scaly skin and scalp bumors is in-
stantly relieved by a warm bath with Cuti-
ciba Soap, a single application of Ctrricuiu.
(ointment), the great skin cure, and a f ull l dose
of Cuticora Kesolve.nt, greatest of blood
liurifiers and humor cures, when all else fails.
Jitoid thronelMNrtthe world. Pottm Dkboakb Cbzu .
Cobp., Prop.., Botton. "HoirtoCnre S»lt Hhenm, fre«.
CAI I IWP U I D Fimply Facet. lUbr Blcmi.hu,
rALLINu nAIK Cured by Ccticcba 80AJ-.
NOTARIAL BLANKS
STILL THE THEME
It Was Another Quiet Day
for the Fair-Craven
Case.
The Attorneys Still Fencing
Over the Admissibility
of Evidecc\
Witness Stanford at Last Leaves th
Stand, but Only to Be Succeeded
by More Crock r Employes.
Until the attorneys for the fair estate
executors either succeed in or abandon
their efforts to place before the court and
jury a line of evidence that has in the past
two days been repeatedly ruled to be inad
missible the proceedings in tne suit to test
the validity of Mrs. Nettie Craven's deeds
are not destined to interest to any start
ling degree the general public.
Yesterday's session, like that of the pre
vious day, was taken up by another duel
i between those masters of legal lore, D. M.
Delmas and Garret McEuerney, over these
Crocker notarial blanks. The latter gen
-1 tleraan was as persistent aa ever in hs
attempts to lay a foundation for the intro
duction of evidence which he claims will
tend 10 show that Notary Cooney's ac-
Knowledgmentj of Mrs. Craven's deeds in
ISO 4 were executed on blanks printed over
;t year later, and Mr. Delnias tc-n'.ed 10
be as successful as ever in parrying off
these thrusts and in worrying the oppos
ing side almost into a state of exaspera
tion.
William E. Stanford, the leeal-blank
clerk of the H. 8. Crocker Company sta- j
tionery and printing establishment, was
again on the witness-stand when Judge |
Black opened cour; in the morning. Stan
ford started off by askme permi-sion to •
correct a statement he made yesterday
afternoon. On that occasion he said he
was. not positive his employer, C. H. I
Crocker, haa seen the blanks which were .
produced in court. What he wished to I
say now was that he was sure Mr. Crocker
had seen the blanks.
In answer to Mr. McEnerney's ques
lions Stanford said he coi'ld easilj* .den
j tifv one of Crocker's not* ial blanks of
the issue of January 8, IS m>, because of a
defective letter "o" that appeared thereon, j
Mr. McEnerney then returnt'd to his !
old effort lo get one of the blanks in cvi- !
dente, bu* met with the objection that I
had bloiksd him for two days. Mr. Del- !
mas asserted that, unless it were shown i
j lhat the original blank which Mr. Crocker
had in>.r>ected cou.d be shown to have been
i lost or destroyed, Stantord's te-tlruony
| was not of value in helping the copy into j
| evidence. In mis he wa« once more mis- [
I tamed by the court. Then Mr. Delmas i
; became lenient to the oiner side, and said j
if they only wanted ;o show there wa< a |
i defective letter in the sample blank shown
: iv court he would not object.
1 lie attorneys ior the plaintiffs heaved ;
: sighs of relief at this, and the sample was |
hinaed to the jury.
The loophole was not so wide as It i
looked, however, for whfii Mr. McEnerney I
! sought to have Stanford ?ay that the cie- ;
! fects in the sample were tho same as 'hose |
Mr. Crocker had called attention tv, he '
encountered another objection anrt was
unable to get over it. Tnen he gave up i
I tr>ing iorawhili' a r ul Mr. Delmas suo- !
! jectea Stanfora to another cross-examina- ;
1 tion.
He showed by referring to the young
blank clerk's evidence 111 the Cooney ex
amination that he was not telling the
!»ame story now. Staniord's explanation
of this was that his memory was at fault.
He said, however, that he thought hi*
previous testimony was more rehaole than
that he was giving.
At the opening of the afternoon session
Attorney Delmas handed to Stanford what
to all appearances was a notarial blank
emanating from the H. S. Crocker Com
pany establishment. Stanford was ad
WORKING TO RELIEVE THE STARVING.
The Rev. Dr. Richard Gear Hobbs of Jacksonville, 111., who, as tola in The Call yesterday,
has arrived hero to load the whalebnck City of Everett with corn for the starving people of
India, met and conferred with the local committee yesterday. The good work of Mr. Hobbs is
attracting much attention among those whobe sympathies are aroused by the pitiful condi
tion ot those iar-:.wny black people. They are going to do all they can to help them.
Train after train of curs of corn will arrive here till 25U0 tons are brought here from lowa,
Nebraska and other States mid landed at Mr. McXcar's big warehouse p.t l'ort Costa, from
which it will be transferred, af;er sacking, to the ship. Mr. McNear will charge no storage for
the corn, so Dr. Hobbs snys, and es for the jute bags into which it ia to be put, they are to be
furnished at the bare cost.
Dr. Hobbs is secretary of the Illinois Conference of the M. E. church. He is going to India
with the corn. It will tie unloaded at Calcutta, which is the place lrom which the corn can
best be distributed to the suffering people. The ship will contain 500 tons more of corn than
is coming from the prairie Slates, and Dr. Hobbs hopes California will contribute that much.
Di. Hobbs snia last night: "It Is now hoped that tne ship will b-- ready to .sail from here
about the 25th inst. The cargo is in transit, so far as that part which comes .'ram east of the
mountains is concerned. It consists of 2500 tons of corn. It has been suggested that as the
ship can carry 3000 tons, It wouM bo a good thing for the people of <nlifornia to contribute
500 tons of wheat and thus complete the cargo. No space should be lost in a ship going on so
merciful an errand. The corn is a ctiean, rnuph food, better than the people are used to, but
the wheat would prove a doubly welcome Rift. Dr. Louis KioDSCh of the Christian Herald.
New York, guarantees tue cominir forwarJ of the corn. When are the people in California to
add the one-sixth of the cars;o which is lucking?
"The going of this ship aud the others which are to sail from Now Yorlc will make this re
lief movement the greatest international charity of history. It is safe to predict that the peo
ple of tne Pacific Coa«t will wish to have a part in it."
Any who are willing to co-upcrate in the matter can communicate with Rev. Dr- B. G.
Hobbs, Uie Christian Herald commissioner, wUo is at tho Occidental Llolol.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 7, 1897.
vised to scrutinize it closely and then tell,
if he could, when it was printed. This
was too much for the witness, despite his
twe.ve years of daily handling of these
blanks.
"Can you tell if it was printed by the H.
S. Crocker Company at all?"
'"Not for a certainty," replied Stanford.
"As a matter of fact you cannot tell
anything about it — is not that right?"
"Yes."
In answer to further questions Stanford
admitted he was very friendly with Charles
J. Hejrcerty, one of the attorneys for tl<e
plaintiffs. Mr. Hegjterty had been coun
sel for the witness' wife for some live
years.
A few more unimportant questions were
asked hy both sides and then Stanford
was at last excused from his long siege on
t lie stand. He lost no time in getting out,
as was demonstrated a moment later
when Mr. McEnerney discovered he had
another qaestion to ask him. The bailiffs
shot out in the wake of t tie fleeting wit
ness, but no trace of him could be found.
Superior Judge Carroll Cook now took
the stand for the purpose of formally
identifying the exhibits used in the
Cooney examination and needed in the
present trial.
Geoge yon Ann, who has charge of the
work of printing all legal blanks in the
Crocker establishment, was called for the
purpose of identifying a proof of the all
important notarial blank. Yon Aim was
hardly a satisfactory witness in this re
gard, for ahhoueh he said the paper
shown him looked like the original proof
still he could not swear it was the identi
cal one. Mr. JJcEnerney asked the ques
tion over and over agam in various forms,
but it was all of no avail, as Yon Ahn
would not swear positively that the paper
was the orijinal proof.
Then in response to another line of
questions Yon Ahn said he remembered
having received nn order from Mr. Stan
ford to get out 10.000cop.es of the Crocker
general acknowledgment blank, and re
membered setting "up the type for it.
After that the "forms" went out of his
nand«, having passed to the pressman.
The wi:nof.s was shown the order alleged
to have been de ivered by Stanford, but
again he was found wanting in positive
ness. The paper looked like the original,
but he woul'l not swear that it was.
James T. Whiteside was the next wit
ness called. Ho testilied that lie was
formerly an employe of the H. S. Crocker
Coni|>any. In August, 189 ft, he had charge
of the salesroom of the le^al blank de
partment, and recollected :he fact that on
the 7th oi that month he ordered from the
printing department 6000 acknowiedc
ment blanks, the i»hra»eolopy of which
differed from those of any other form that
had been printed by that establishment.
Then Mr. McE;i*rney offered to intro
duce one o! these 1886 blanks in evidence
and was doing so when court adjourned
until this morning.
LOYAL LEGION BANQUET.
\ ni.u '1 Meeting and Klectlon of Offi
cers—General Shaftcr Choseu
( urn in iniliT
The annual meeting and election of offi
cers of the California Coruniandery, Mili
tary Order of the Loyal Legion, took
{ place at the Occidental Hotel Wednesday
i nieht. The officers chosen were: General
I William 11. Shatter, Commander; colonel
, John C. Currier, senior vice-commander;
Captain Charles S. Cotton, junior vice
commander; Colonel William R. Smed
berg, recorder; Major Henry Thomas Lee.
re-istrar; Colonel C. Mason Kinne, treas
urer; Captain William K. Maize, cbancei
' lor; Captain John K. Macom'oer, chapluln;
i council of ■dminisuraiioD — Major E. A.
[ Deaieke, Colonel Vi. K. Parneli, Major
Stephen W. Groesoeck, Captain Chunes
! A. Suinner and General P. F. Walsh.
Colonel 6. B. M. Young, the retiring
commander, presided at the banquet, and
grace:ully introduced the talent. Miss
Beecher, a cousin of the iate .henry Ward
Beecher, related some incidents connected
witn t : c ru sine of me Qur over Fort Sum
ter. Mrs. Nellie lloibrouk-lilinn gave a
recitation, and Coouel Samuel D. Mayer's
nuartet sang i be •'atar-spanir.ed Banner."
Patriotic addresses were made by Major
GroesbecK, Colonel Smi'dberg, Colonel C.
M;:s.in Kinne, Mrs. Kinne, General
Waist), General Backii3 and Captain Oor
>y. Many kind word* were said of Colonel
Youiik. who is soon to leave this City lor
Yellowstone Park.
Emms, Aiius Chita, Retired.
Emma Cleverly, familiarly known in police
I circles as Chita jßCkaon, has been sentenced
to the County Jail for six months. »he was
convlctel of petty larceny. When sen te icc-U
she wept proiusely. Her motlier came lrom
BakersiiclJ to help her la her trouble, but
nothing could save thp young woman lrom
the punishment which she deserved.
PREMIER SEDDON
OF NEW ZEALAND
He and His Family Here
on Their Way to the
Queen's Jubilee.
His Story of the Heavy Woo',
Dairying and Mutton
Exports.
The System of Land Tenures and
Traie With California and tha
United States.
Kichcrd J. Seddon, Premier of New
Zealand, arrived here on the Alameda yes
terday accompanied by Mrs. Seddon,
Miss M. S. Seddon and \V. Crow, private
secretary for the Premiei.
The distinguished gentleman of the
Antipodes is of unusual size and he has a
full blonde beard. He is a civil engineer
by profession and has been accustomed to
life in hig mining caniDS when thronged
THE HON. R. J. SEDDON, Premier of New Zraland, Who Is
on His Way, With His Family, to the Queen's Jubilee.
with people and where strikes are not in
frequent. Mr. Seddon has lived in New
Zealand thirty-four years. He went there
from Lancashire, England.
"I am now on my way home to Eng
land," said the Premier to a Call repre
sentative at t; c Occidental, where lie and
his family are lodged. "I am desirous of
attending the Queen's jubilee. Her
Majesty has made a special request that
all the Premiers be present. We will re
main here only till Saturday, when we
will go to Salt Lake and remain for a day
or two and thence in easy stages to New
York.
"So far as New Zealand is concerned it
is on quite a substantial ba3is. We have,
however, lor a few years had pretty much
the same experience as other countries.
It has been quiet ai;d even dull. We
stood behind our bank system, however,
And as a result no banks failed and we
have really got alonft in an excellent way.
"Our imports from the United States
amount to aoout $394,000 a year, while our
exports to the United States are about
$300,000 a year. Our principal imports are
Jroin this coast. The dairying interests
of New Zealand are now so great that they
are only second to Denmark. The beef
exports are the largest in the colony. The
product of wool continues to be very
Leavy. We realize enormously both from
our wool and mutton.
"A" for geld wo nre producing about
$1,000,000 a year. Tbe system of land
unures which we have in New Zealand
are a great benefit. It c. ables the people
to take the land and have the advantage
of it with very little money."
Mayor Pheian, Huiih Craie and others
were among those early to pay their
resnecti to the Premier. Many beautiful
bouquets were also sent to the arpan
ments of the Premier and family. Every
attention was shown the distinguished
passengers aboard ship.
WAS IT SUICIDE?
Bartholomew j*hearn'» Friends Claim
That Us Did Mot Kill Himself.
Dr. Gallagher made nn autopsy on the
body of Bartholemew Ahearn, the watch
man for ttie old residence of the late Peter
Donahue, corner of Second ana Bryant
streets, and found that the deceased came
to his death by being Buffocated by Illu
minating gas.
Ahearn slept in the building and his
body was found on May 4 disrobed and
lying on the floor. It was thought and
reported at first that his death was from
natural causes', the persons who discov
ered the body having shut off the gas and
allowed it to escape from the builuine be
fore the Coroner's deputies arrived, Hencs
the cause of dtatb was believed to have
been heart disease until Dr. Gallagher had
made the autopsy. »■
: The iriends of the deceased say that
tliey wl.ll introduce evidence at the in
quest to show thnt the asphyxiation was
accidental and that he did not commit
suicide. >x? : : *-y .-/._- ~l ■ j i'*Vffi;.'j
HE DESTROYED THE PAPER.
George O'Byrne's Kxperlence in At
■ tempting to Collect a >>ote. "
A warrant charging Fred A. Cooper of
t c Auditorium with grand larceny has ■
been issued from Police Coun 1.
j George O'Byrue, the complainant, states
tha ho held a note of Cooper's lor $150
itnd called upon him lor its redemption.
Wnen O'Byrne presented tbo note Cooper
is alleped to have destroyed it and re
pudiated the debt.. .
• — * — ♦
. state of H. B. Slyer*.
Henry B. Myers 1 will has been filed for pro
bate. The estate is worth $10,000, which is
ordered distributed among the children of the
decedent. Charles A. Myers and btephen Pot
ter are named as executor* without bonds.
Trunks Moved 35 Centa.
Commercial Transfer Company, 43 Slitter st.
Tel. Main 4tf. Furniture moved reasonably. *
PREPARING FOR
THE CONVENTION
Committees of the Christian
Endeavor Report
Progress.
Arrangements Well Under Way
for a Grand Reception
to Delegates.
Everything Points to One of the Most
Successful Conventions Ever
H Id Here.
The committee of '97, which has charge
of tbe preparations for the Christian En
deavor convention in July, met at its
headquarters in the Y. M. C. A. building
!a9t Wednesday evening. The meeting
was well attended, nearly all the commit
tees being represented.
The transportation committee reported
nothing new. The matter of Eastern
rates, or rather some of the details of the
sale of tbe tickets, is still under considera
tion by the Eastern roads.
The hall committee reported progress
with its plans for altering the interior of
the Mechanics' Pavilion. The plans are
already drawn, and blue prints will be
ready for the use of various members of
the committee on Saturday.
The finance committee rendered its
regular monthly report, as follows:
Receipts-From Golden Gate Unton,s26Bl 30;
from Alxmeila County Union, $823 78; from
sundry C. E. «ocieties. $25; from the sale
of literature, $37 44; from the music b^oks,
$195 85; from leneral subscriptions, $55:
total receipts, $3348 37.
Disbursements— Printing, $375 52; litera
ture. $316 40; postage ami siationnry,
$119 43; K-legmme, $30 81; miscellaneous,
$103 90; "See expenses. $73 GO; office assisi
«nce, $202 80; printing nn<\ s.ationery.
$109 23: postage, etc., $125 90; rent, $100;
music. $5 49: hall r >nt, $350; rings $25;
music books, $G93 G5; total Uisbu.-.-oui'.'ins,
$2091 23.
Receipts. $3848 37; disbursements, $2G91 23;
balance, $1157 14.
The church section reported that the
fifteen churches ;in which are to be held
the State receptions on Saturday of con
vention week had been placed under the
charge of members of the church section
ns follows: Calvary Presbyterian, Trinity
Presbyterinu and Emmanuel Baptist —
Mrs. A. P. John«on; Central M. E., Weßt
minster Presbyterian and Third Congre
gational — Mies Susie Ward; First Congre
gational, First United Presbyterian and
First Christian — Miss L. A. Hofmann;
First Presby'^iar.. West Side Christian
and Plymouth Congregational— Miss Belle
Stanford; First Baptist, Howard Presby
terinn and Bethany Congregational, Miss
I. M. Clayton. In each of these churches
a chairman of reception committee will be
appointed to confer with the church sec
tion in repard 10 plans for the Saturday
evening receptions.
The music committee reported that the
pro^Tc-as in the matter of tne organization
and training of the grent chorin has been
entirely satisfactory. Tickets admitting
bearer to both the grand concert on
Tuesday evening, July 6, at the
Mechanics' Pavilion and to tne rehearsal
in the afternoon as well will shortly be
issued and placed in tho hands of the
Christian Endeavor societies on both sides
of the bay for sale at 50 cents apiece.
The nshers' committee reported a meet
inur held this week and satisfactory
progress This committee took charjr- of
JCKW TO-DAT.
Mrs. Reader
perhaps you have never seen
Schilling's Best extracts.
The reasons are:
(1) you insist that your
grocer should sell you extract
at watery prices ;
(2) you don't know what
extract can be
(3) your grocer doesn't
quite dare ask you to pay more
for extracts ;
(4) last but not least, your
grocer makes more money on
the watery sort, and sells 'it to
you twenty times as often.
i A Schilling & Company ' • • ■
San Francisco - *08 -
KEW TC-DAT.
brave mm
A family M^N across THE BAY CAME HOME LATE ONE evening
this week, and when questioned as to what kept him said he had been black-
Derrying. His wife seemed to doubt this as the fruit is not yet ripe. He ex-
plained further that he had been to the funeral of a colored person in tbe neighbor-
boo 1. "You make light of a grave affair," she says. "Now, sit down while I give
you a list of goods to bring from Smiths' on Market street, or have them sent over to-
morrow. Be sure you do not go anywhere else. I save money on every article at
Smiths'."
Ladies' Shirt Waists 50c
These enme to h»nd this week. Are a
splendid tat.ric and made up 100 cute for
anything— til as nicely aid loolc almost as
well . i-s our 75c, $1 arid $123 WaUt;s ail
stylish colon.
Sewing Machines $18
v These can b> seen In our dressmaking es-
tablishmen , where they have nadconsant
use for three years. Xliey are a *65 article
on Installment plan. We have less than
one carload to close at this price, bee them
In the window.
Good L L Muslin 4c
We need not say these goods will be higher,
but they will. It is not possible to furnish
so uood'a brown sheeting at the price after
.-: ".-.. is out.
Carpet Remnants 25c
Thr>se are posl ively all wool, are one yard
square and coat to make 60c to 75c. Your
choice of 3UO samples at 25c. Some cheaper
ones.
Handkerchiefs 3c
These are ladles' or misses', either plain
white with a hem, motto or wlih border.
You pay your money and take your choice
out of a thcus&nd or two.
TO-DAY'S BARGAIN.
Hanlsome Library Books, decorated cover 20c
8 ron^ White Knve open, box H5O 20c
Oood ink. scbool size boitle 1c
Little Boys' Wagon Wood Wheels lUc
Little Boys' Drums, to make noise 10c
Little Boys' Knives, not very (rood i-'c
Children* Summer Shirts, very nice 10c
Ch ldreti'a summer Drawers or Pants 10c
Children* Little Shoes, low Oxfords 25c
Bigger Uirls" Low Shoes, black 35c, 60c
Men's Kusset Shoes, Congress $1 39
' We thßnk onr friends for libernl patronage.
S \x*£Zs£aim ■ <>ur ree delivery all over the rity is appreciated.
m^^m 1 eBS^SBS j Try our Fine Tea served freo every day.
BffW /JBHWy / You'll find it convenient to check paokaecs here.
iBJhBJL -^idBIKsKM T Across the bay towns supplied free of cost lor freight.
'i iHjniltefcwgß^fllßlPHßy / v ' f ' understand packing and shipping goods everywhero,
Sytigg£fXfig!&l(*%&S&r/ ' Our patrons find it pays to work on a cat>li basis.
\J^<i3»Bt^j|faayV We have a 40-page price list, free to all.
Address— The Big Store at the Ferry— 2s-27 HURKET'STREET.
the ii"=hering at the convention of Golden
Gate Union on Thursday evening at the
First Congrepationnl Chnrcb.
It is said that the Gr-enland whale
sometimes attains the ace of 400 year?.
sew to-day:
FREE! FREE! FREE!
NEXT MONDAY, MAY io,
GIFT DAY,
' 7th Anniversary.
Waller Bros.,
The Leading Druggists
of San Francisco.
Every Patent Medicine on this day at cost.
33 Grant Aye., cor. Geary St.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
A. J. HENRY, NOTARY PUBLIC,
(>qQ MAKKKT fT., OPP. PALACK HOI'KU
000 Telephone 670. Residence 909 Valencia
street. 'I elephone 'Church" 15. •:."■•
NEW TO-DAT—AMUSEMENTS.
BALDWIN THEATER.
iiJiiViii.v JtCu (JnenrnorateJ).....Jfropr.<i.j:i
ONLY 8 NiGHTS MORE.
2- —MATINEES— %
BRILLIANT MUStCAL SENSATION,
"EL CAPITAN"
Interpreted by :
HDE WOLF Y"^
OPPEn
And His Incomparable Company.
Xext Wee*—Second' and last of DkWOLP
HOPPER and "El Capiurn." beats now sel.ing
for all remaining performances-
May 17-NAT. C. GOODWrX. '
TIVOL! OPERA-HOUS2
jiKo-tiMjiiMt i.iipi i N- , Proprietor s. Manass:
- —THIS EVENING
THE GREAT MUSICAL SUCCESS.
Jessop and Stanford's Komantio Comic Opera
AMUS 6;BRJEN
WITH
MR. DENIS 'O'SULLIVAN
In the title role,
His Original Creation. '
A Perfect Production In livery Detail.
Popular Prlcfls -25c and 500
■ ■ •
TO-NIGHT ! TO-NIGHT! '
■ ■■■ .: \ v ire -t from Paris, .
MI-iI-iE, FL.EURETTB
And her "FOUB FLKl'itsde Lls," and M.LLE.
AM Kurope's Greatest Aertal AnUte. Great
BU'CesB of TACIANU. BAOEK and FANNY
MIDt.LKY. Y.Vt LATKi^LK, the ANDK ftaONa
and big. ALBEKTI and Mmo. UHI.ANIU.
A Bis Olio of Novelties!
Beserved Feats, 23c; Ba cony, 10c; Opera Chairs
and Box .-eats. sue.
OBERON. OBERON.
' 'Farrell Street, near Stockton.
FERDINAND StAKK CONCERT
h very Kvt-n
Tremendous Hit'of Matus, the arlonet Irtuoso
AUMIS*IO> FREE.
AT GOLDEN GATE HALL.
liECIURKS IJY HELtN GARDENER,
Friday and B»turday Eveninjs.
FRIDAY EV. . nubject: "A Bit of Secret His-
tory Lin co n's Time." SATUKDaY NIOHT,
••3rxin Brain" Admission 60 cents.
Clothes Brashes 20c
No better value on the bargain counter to-
day than these pretty bru hos, all bristles:
a real 75c article In appearauce and use-
luluess.
Collenders 5c
Tin, stood size, and a', this price shonld be
in every nous-; li^c li 'lie usual price, but
ttiey go must too slow on this basis.
Grape Jolly 5c
1 ni< Is in Klass. 18 a pure article and cheap
at 15c, but the assortment contain"rt too
much grai* jsHy. We have yet to find
anytnlng better.
Cup of Citffee Free
This is at the first counter on the right,
where our Pure Food Kxh bit on is now In
progress. Do not hesitate to a«< tor a cup
of tea or coffee free If you are no. invited—
lha. is, give a hinu
Rebecfa Teapots 10c
These u»ed to be 35c, large enough for 4
pt-rson*. They are on tue oarzaln lablo to-
day at 10c to cloja
*-iigar advanced a fraction, white 5o
Coit'ee. roast or gronnJ, brag lot i.'6c
ILerklmer Co., N. V., Chetse 100
ualvanlzed Dipper<. 2 qn. f>c
Mela! '1 rays, 11 inches 5c
Day & Martin's linxllsh Blacking lac
Cirani;«i's' J-ul I- weight Soap He
-aeo or I'lioiocit, bu.u ao
Broken Cra;kers at retail r>o
cupla Kisses, per quart, very nice 10c
Our Finest Jams and Jellies 12V«u
KEW TO-DAT— AMTTSEMESTTS.
TRICDLAnntR.OOTTLOD* o>- UiiUAnanAruwtKi--
ONLY THREE NIGHTS BIORE.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
The Big Fun Show.
WARD AND YOKES
"A RUN ON THE BANK."
Last Performance Mindny Night.
NEXT MONDAY NIGHT!
P|fP»C GOROEOUS
IVIVU *-^ EXTRAVAGANZA
EXCELSIOR JR.
Intact and direct from Its 200 nights' run in
New Yor£. *Jf^ff^ ■'■ • : .' - <.
70 PEOPLE IN THB ENSEMBLE 70
Seats and Boxes No iv on Sale.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WAJ-TKK MOROSCO...SoIa Lessee and -Maai;*:
Initial Production on Tbli Coast of Ford's Spec-
tacular Comedy-Drama,
AN AMERICAN HERO!
A Plar Full of Excitement and Interesting
Situations. Presented With Elaborate
Scenic Pictures.
Thrilling Wreck Scene ! ,'\ '
Realistic Storm at Seal
New Songs! Dances ! New Songs'.
Evening Prices— lOc, 25c and 503.
Mhtlium-k Satiinliiv ami sumlitr.
11l nA7A DJ ENORMOUS
BeIaHCOJSLai-aillt'.Mi-s. | OUL*^C.OO
EAST LYNNE.
A Triumph for
GEO. OSBOURNE, ADEI.K BELGARDE,
11CGO TOLAND and the Entire Company.
Prices. 15c to SO2. Seats by telephone. Black 991.
THE CHUTES.
EYerr Afternoon and Evening.
Grand Free Open-Alr .Performance*
SPECIAL.— No Admission Charge Week day
Atteruoons During May. "-.>..
Evenings— Admission, 10c. Children, 50.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN DAILY FROn 7 A. n. UNTIL II P. H.
Concert Every Afternoon and Evening.
Bathing, including Admission: Adult*. '.'Ac: Chll.
dren. 2Uc: General Admls ion, 10c: Children, Sc
School Children Admitted .Free Saiuidays, 7 a.
if. to 6 r. m .
DACING! RACING! RACING I
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB-
WINTER MEETING. 1898-97.
Begnmiug Monday, May 3, to May 15. Inetujlvj
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
i Racing Monday. Tuesday, Wednesday,
iliursUuy, Friday and Saturday.
'>'■-.' ..';;■: ■ Kaln or shine.
FIVE Oil MOKK KACK-i KACiI DAY.
Kaces Start ac 3:15 P. M. Sharp—-.
Ferry- Boats lrave San i-'ranclsco at 1- st. anl
12:30, 1 .00, 1 :80, 2:00, 2:30 and 8 P. M.. connnct-
lag wttti trains stoppln; at the eniranco to tracx.
JUuy your ferry tickets 10 Shell Mound.
Keturning— Trains leave tne TracK at 4:15 ul
4:4& c. m. and Immediately arier the ia-. race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JK, i're.iiaea-
R. X MiLKOV. secretary.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
A DELIGHTFUL EXCURSION
HAYWARDS PARK
• . —OX TIIE
Oakland, San Leandr and Haywardi
£lectrio Kailway,
ox — -
SUNDAY MAY 9, 189?
Round Trip from Fruitvale Station
Only SSeJ or Half Kate.
Take 12 m. Ferry from foot of Market street to
Fiui. g:atloo. ___
ncCOY'S MILITARY ORCHESTRA
Will ICeuder the Musical l'rogramine.
The Clubhouse in the Park is conducted under
the management of Mrs. HaywirU. whose name
issutlicieat recommendation of ihe quality of tha
Üble. - .
EL CAMPO,
THK POPULAR BAY RKSORT,
NOW OPEN EVERY SUNDAY DURING;- Trie
SEASON. Music, Dancinz, Bowline:, Boat-
ing. Fishing and Other Amusements.
Refreshments at, City prices. Fare, rojnd. trip,
25c, Chlldr n 16c; inciuain; admission tosrouudj.
Til SIIi.VMI.K IKIAH
WII leave Tlburon Ferry a- 1W:3O a. k.; 12:10,
2:00 and 4ioop. M. Ke-urnlnij, leuva Xl Cuiupo
at 11:15 a. U , 1 :0J, 3 :00 and 5 :00 r. v.
78
WAR AMONG THE
BREWERY OWNERS
A Row in the Association
Causes a Cut in
Prices.
One of the i.e^bers Was Read
Out and Another Has
Resigned.
The Union Workmen Claim a Great
Victory After a Struggle of
Five Years.
The local brewers are on the verge of a
beer war. In fact the preliminary fight
ing has already begun and the members
of the Brewers' Protective Association
are very apprehensive of serious results
before peace s-hail be restored azain.
A little red label is the cause ol all the
trouble, because the lsbel is the emblem
of the United Brewery Workers' Union of
San Francisco. The Enterprise Brewery
insisted upon its right to place these red
strips of paper on all its barrels, indi
cating that it was fr:endly to organized
labor.
The story of this trouble really dates
back nearly live years to the time of the
great brewery worKers' strike.
Tue breweries felt the force of the big
strike, and the first to yield was Ulricb
Kemensperger of the Enterprise brewery.
From thai time his product was in demand
among all workman. This success caused
liirn to go a step further, and he placed
upon all his barrels the union's red label.
Before doing so, however, he notified
Kudoiph Mohr, secretary of tlie Breweis'
Association, and the employers' organiza
tion of his intention. Tiiis raised a merry
row in the association, which decid-ed to
line the member at the rate of $10 per
barrel for every package on which tne rea
label was found.
A detective was sant out to keep "tab.
on the red-labeled barrels, and in about
four days the tines amounted to nearly
$3SOO. At;aui Kemensper-er was notified to
quit usin<z the label, but upon the advice
of his attorney the brewer notiiiei the
association to quit fining him, claiming
that lie had resigned from the association.
It seems that his resignation was laid
on the table and never accepted. Right
here was a inker that all knew existed in
the pack. Kernensperger' e membership
deposit in the association amounts to
neurly $4000, and the a-soc;ation kept on
piiing tin tae fines until they more than
equaled this amount, and still would not
accept his resignation.
Matters we:e further complicated by
another transaction. It seems that
whi;e the Enterprise man was still in
good grace he borrowed $3000 from the
association for which he gave his note.
This was indorsed by J. C. Bauer, a bop
merchant, also a member of tlie associa
tion. Aftsr the trouble began Bauer was
called upon to pay up the note he had in
dorsed, ana from what can be learned he
was willing to do so. The attorney for
Remens-perger stepped in anil notified
Bauer that if he did ?o he would do so on
his own responsibility.
The association couid not begin a law
suit against, one of its own members, so to
get around this the association expelled
the hop merchant for no*, paying money
due to the association. Tfle next chapter
of this interesting tangle will probably be
told in court.
Meanwhile the entire brewing fraternity
is suffering. The old agreed price for
steam be^r'was $5 a barrel net or $5 50 and
the driver allowed to spend 50 cents on
each delivery. One of the brewers stated
last night that there is now no fixed price
on beer. Offers nre made at $4 aud some
say as low au $3 7o per barrel.
UNIONS IN THE SOUTH.
Secretary Joseph Walters Intro-
duces the Red Labsl In San
Dleero City.
Joseph Walters, secretary of the United
Brewery Workmen's Union, has just re
turned from San Diego and Los Angeles,
where he has recently been laboring in
the interests of union-made beer and the
cause of the red label. He reports having
met, with great success, especially in San
Diego, where he organized a strong brew
ery wortmen's union.
At Los Angeles the Council ot Trade
took up the work and made arrangements
for organizing the brewery workmen into
a union. Walters • says that while there
are several breweries in that city, the
unions do not expect much opposition to
the label. .
THE CITY MERCHANTS.
The Association Wantu Fourth of July
Celebration Money Spent for the
Unemployed.
At the regular meeting of the directors
of the Merchants' Association yesterday
the following were present: President
Dohrmann, Chailes Bundschu, James S.
Conwell. Hugo D. Keil, Daniel V. Kelly,
Henry Michaels, Joseph Simonson, Van
derlynn Stow and Frank A. Swain.
The following were unanimously elected
regular members, making the total mem
bership at present 6(37 business firms: J.
Botwin & Co., John A. O'Dea. H. C. Ellis
& Co., Hooter & Lent, Killip & Co., Sam
uel L. Sachs, Seal Rock Paint Company,
N. W. Gpaulding Saw Company, W. H.
Stanley, George Stewart & Co., Colonel
George Stone and M. Stout & Co.
A resolution was adopted by the board
requesting the Board of Supervisors to
transfer the $3000 usually spent for the
Fourth of Juiy celebration to the unem
ployed fund this year, provided it could
be legally done. The members of the
board were impressed with tne fact that
the money this year could be best used in
alleviating the distress existing arr.onj* tha
unemployed of the City. It was there
fore decided to ask that the amount be
turned over to the committee now in
charge of the fund for the relief of the
unemployed.
The annual meeting of the association
trill take place at the Academy of Sciences
Hall onTnursday evening, May 20. Be
sides the election of a new board of di
rectors and the report of the present
board, it was decided to have a dis
cussion upon ttie proposed College of
Commerce as a department of the Univer
sity of California. Hon. Arthur Rodger.-i,
being the author of the trojeci ol the
board of regents, ha-< been invited to ad
dress the meeting upon the merits of the
propobPd college. The board decided to
invite the Chamber of Comaierce and the
Board of Trade to attend the meeting, and
President Craig of the chamber and Presi
dent Watkins of the City board of Trade
will be invited to participate in the dis
cussion. It has aibo been decided to in
vite Hon. Irving M. Scot! and ex-Senator
Williams to speak upon the question. It
is expected that the debate will prove a
most interesting treat to all woo attend.
The sutject of tiie better lighting of the
Ciiy by electricity will also be discussed
at the meeting, and if possible some prac
ticable plan will be devised through which
the City will be adequately illuminated.
Green's Opponent Arrives.
Charles McKeever, tna pugilist who will
fight George Green under the auspices of the
National Athletic Club in thin City, arrived
yesterday m>m the East and will train for the
ioarou at the Seal Rock House. McKeever s
lighting weight is 138 pounds.
DOMES HO INFELICITIES
The Divorce Mill Continue* to Grind,
Notwitlutandingj the New Liw.
Domestic troubles continue to be venti
lated in court, notwithstanding the law
which prohibits a divorced person from
remarrying for .i year af er the granting
of a divorce. Suits for divorce were riled
in the office of the County Clerk yesterday
as follows:
John A. Koberts against Kai« C. Rob
erts, for intemperance.
Nellie Foster against Charles Foster, for
neglect and desertion.
Sarah McDevitt against Daniel Me-
Dcvitt, failure to provide.
Minnie L. Guisti agamst John J. Guisti,
for cruelty.
Mrs. Julia Mebach ha 3 been granted a
divorce Jrom Frank Mebach on the ground
of cruelty. She has been awarded the cus
tody of ncr minor child and $15 a month
alimony.
Guiseppi Campi thinks he has a good
cause ot complaint against his wife Maria
and wants a legal separation. He says
that she left him af;er living with him
ten days and that though she relused to
let him kiss her she permitted other men
to kiss her in his presence. This, he de
clares, caused him great unhappiness and
inspired a desire to be sei free from the
palling bonds of matrimony.
TEE MAYOE OBJECTS.
Two Brraches of the Lav That Will Be
Mentioned to the Supervisors.
Mayor Phelan is considering two viola
tions of the law that he will call to the
attention of the Board of Supervisors at
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Alameda That Completed Her Fiftieth Round Trip Between
Th s Port and Sydney, N. S. W., Yesterday. During Her Life She Has Never Broken
Down Nor Eeen Laid Up for Repairs*
the next meeting. It has reached his
knowledge that the Pacific Telephone
Company is erecting electric wire poles on
Green street between dough and Bu
chanan without having gone through the
formality of petting permission from the
City, and he desires the matter inquired
into.
He will al?o band in a messaee on the
completion of show-windows enchroach
ine on the sidewalk at 104 Kearny street.
The Mayor vetoed the permit for the work,
but the storekeeper continued the con
struction after he had been notified to
cease.
WRECKED NEAR SAMOA.
An Unknown Vessel From California
or Oregon Loaded With
Lumber,
Collector Wise received a letter yester
day telling of the wreck of some unknown
vessel loaded with lumber from California
or Oregon. The letter is as follows:
Iva Savaii, Samoa, March 7, 1897.
There has been a quantity of timber, oxl2,
9x9, etc., floating through this group for ibe
last threu weeks, coming from the eastward,
which has evidently f. rmed part of a enrco
from California as the wood is all Oregon pine
by its appearance. It has been iv the water
about eignt weeks, as the worms fire just
starting to get into it and it takes about that
time for them to make a start on it here. One
piece of 9x9 I examined was branded 888 in
stencil 0:1 the end. if this serves to help you
trace any ruissirg ship I would be glad to
know what vessel it was from.
The natives also report having seen a large
mast broken and drifting at sea.
E. F. Allen.
Death of Ex-Senator Vrnderlck.
Ex-Senator John G. Broderick died Wednes
day, the sth inst , in the thirty-sighth year of
Ins age. He was president of the Retail
Batchms' Association for several terms, served
the City as Market Inspector and was elected
'Sir c Senator fr >m the Twonty-sixth Sena
torial District in 1890, and served with dis
tinction in the sessions of 1801-93. Senator
Broderick was a tnnmber of tne order of Free
and Accented Masons, ami a;s<> of the United
Order ol Workmen. He leaves one son.
Fell From His Wagon.
Charles Pardrutb, a tca»ster, while drivirg
along Market street, near Stcnart, yesterday
morning, got hli feet eutanglcd in the reins
aud fell io Ihe grouud,. lie was picked up un
conscious and laken to the Receiving hospi
tal in tbe Ninbulatice. He had a wound on
his sculp, and it was thought that his skull
whs fractured. He regained consciousness
during the afternoon and nothing serious is
anticipated.- - - - ■ ■•-.. • • •'■.. -• ..~t -*•
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 7, 1897,
HER FIFTIETH
ROUND VOYAGE
The Alameda Has Made
That Many Trips to
Sydney.
Still as Stanch and True as
When She Left Cramps'
Shipyard.
Murderer Butler Was Rapidly Break
ing D.wa- Purser Sutton in
Trouble.
The Alameda — the crack vessel of the
Oceanic Steamship Company's line — ar
rived in port at an early hour yesterday.
Her record now shows twenty-five con
secutive round trips to Honolulu and fifty
round trips to Sydney, N. S. W. During
her fourteen years of service the vessel
has never been laid up for repairs and on
only one or two occasions was she ever
behind time.
From the time the vessel left ths
Cramps' yards in 1883 she has never been
laid up for a day, and Chief Enginsertrti
tle is confident she is good for another ten
year?. Coming in ahead of time yester
day morning the Rood ship looked like a
vessel just from ihe slips. For an "old
timer" the Aiameda's record of 358 knots
for one day's steaming between Auckland
and Apia is something that any of the
China steamers might be proud of. Yeir
in and year out the Alameda has held her
own.
Only three of the old-timers came in on
the Alomeda yesterday. They were: A.
D. Little, chief engineer; J. B. Duttou,
purser, and 0. N. Clark, chief stew
ard. Sutton severed his connection with
tbecompany as soon as the vessel docked,
but Little is still to be found at the old
quarters.
Captain Van Oterendorp has ouly
recently taken charge of the Ala
meda and Chief Officer Dowdell is
also a new man on the steamer.
Purser Sutton has made up his
mind to retire from the steamship busi
ness, and now, after his fiftieth round trip
on the Alameda, he will give up the sea.
Captain Van Oteriindorp, Chief Engineer
Lttle, Chief Officer Dowdell and Chief
Steward Clark will remain with the crack
liner.
The cabin passengers were:
From Sydney— E. V. P. Barter, D. MacGillf
vray, Mrs. M. Kennedy, Mr. anrl Mrs. G. F. Fui
ford, J. Casle, It. V. Webster, R. A. Wilson, V.
I». Jacob, Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Cook, Edmond
Hill, G. L. Salmonri, Mr. and >frs. F. Condon,
Miss M. J. Viunard, F. C. Morton, Mr. and Mrs.
Charles Markell, two children and nurse, Mrs.
W. Ferguson, T. H. l'hilllps, Mr. a<>d Mrs. J.
Eclair, P. Eclair, Mr. and Mrs. C. H. Macfar
lane and child, W. Densham, A. Page, Vlss
Cooke, Miss M. Cook". D. R. Jacob, J. I). Rus
sell, Mrs. ft. FletcTior, William Stranghan, I\
J. Kelly, G. M. Harding, M. W. Bates, A. R.
bercombe, Miss Emily Cope, C. J. Hilton. C. G.
Freeman, Miss Griffin, M. Lardner, H. Stein
kuhler, Mr. and Mrs. K. Crawford, H. Ross, E.
B. Wolff.
From Auckland— Hon. Ricbard J. Seddon
(Premier of New "Zealand), Mrs. R. J. Sedden,
Miss M. Seddon, Mr. Crow, the Right Bey.
Frederick Wailis (Bishop of Wellington) and
Mrs. Wailis, Jsm<'S L< gin, A. Logan and wife,
]>. McFarlane and \vi:e, Mr. Broge, P. J. Perry,
J. Banbury, R. H. Byles, R. K. Waddell, Mr.
Grulumond, M. Kelly, J. T. M. Hayhurst and
wi:e, James McGowau, T. J. Edmonds, T. Pas
coe, Mrs. Pascoe, Mr. Pockcrill, Leslie Harris, j
From Apia and Samoa— Z. Armitaee and
wife, Miss Armitaee, A. E. Berrill, William
Cochranw, H. R. Walker, Lloyd Osborne, wife
and child, William R. Hewitt.
From Honolulu — P. G. Camarinos, D. G.
Camarinos, T. H. Frisbee, C. J. Falk, R. A.
Craig, J. O. Henderson and wife.
Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Cooke are from
Western Australia and are here on a holi
day trip. Mr. and Mrs. C. Markell are
hero to visit friends, while the Seddons
are en route to London to attend the
Queen's jubilee. The Right Reverend
Iredericfc Wailis. D.D., Bishop of Well
ington, New Zealand, is also on his way to
London.
P. G. Camarinos is a very sick man and
will go to the French Hospital. His
brother, D. G. Camarinos, had him in
charge during the trip from Honolulu,
and he and his nephew, M. D. Vanvales,
will take care of him in the future.
Butler was the star boarder on the Mari
posa. A private letter from Apia, Samoa,
says:
Just a few lines, to say that we have got this
far with Butier all O. K. Since last writing (it
Honolulu he has not shown any ugilness. The
weather i 9 very hoi and to cool his room they
put a wlndsait through the porthole. He eats
three meals a day and has a great liking lor
icecream and sweet stuff.
This week Mageie Moore, the actress, looked
in and he recognized her. In aa instant he
asked her to sing a song that he had beard her
sing yi-iu- ago in Australia. It took her a long
time to thiuk of it, but she did t-inp it at lest,
and he thanked her kindly and said be knew
he did not have long to live.
He also n :.i to Mcllnt tie that his father hnd
gone mad aud that he was likely to do the
Rttnie. Hi- dots not want to go to the upper
deck for exercise, as he does not want to be
•stareu at.
Another correspondent says :
Our mnn Butler has been no trouble bb yet,
but Mr. Mcllatiio cays he is getting rattier
shaky the nearer we get to Sydney. He says
if he tins to hang tie will die the biggest crim
inal the world has ever heard of. Tney think
when he is sure that tiie end has come ne will
confess to a lot of murders that are not jet
known.
Purser Button of the Alamedn was ar
rested in Honolulu and was fined $250 for
hnving opium in his possession. The fol
lowing account is from a Honolulu paper:
About 11 o'clock this morninit on the corner
of Ho;el and Nuuanu streets Special Officer
Cordes lapped J. B. Sutton, tiurser of ihe
steamship Alamedn, on the shoulder and told
him to consider himself undsr arre*l for hav
ing opium in his possession.
"IJdw do you know i have got any opium?"
asked the purser.
"I can see it sticking out from your trou
sers." replied the officer.
In h:s pockets were found seven half
pound tins of opium. Mr. Button was locked
up on a clmrgeof having opium in his pos
session, In the meantime seudiug for his at
torney, Paul Neumann.
Sution was tried in the Police Court at 2:30
p. m. and found not euilty of importing opium.
He then pleaded guilty cf having opium iuhis
possession and was fined $250.
Mr. Sutton declared on his arrival here
that his arrest was all a mistake. "I was
told by a friend that I was in a position
to do a great favor for him. The man
told me that his house had been watched
by revenue officials and that be had some
opium in it that he would have to remove
unless he wished to get into serious
trouble.
"I agreed to help him and was re
moving the drug to a place of safety when
the officers arrested me. lam not guilty
of smuggling and to prove to you that
people on board the steamer believe me
innocent the passengers on the Alameda
raised a pnrse of $250, which they pre
sented to use with a testimonial."
MORTGAGES AND TRUST DEEDS.
Their Comparative Merits Discussed by
the league of Loin Association*.
A joint meeting of the executive com
mittee of the California League of Mutual
Benefit and Loan Associations and of at
torneys for Building and Loan Associa
tions convened yesterday afternoon in the
Mills building, for the purpose of consider
ing the adv sability of accepting trust
deeds as security for future lopns in lien of
mortgagee, as authorized by nn act of the
recent Legislature of this State.
The advantages and disadvantages of
so doing were discussed at some length,
when Attorney R'xford drew to the at
tention of those present that a case is
now before the Supreme Court involving
the validity of trust deeds, which will
probably not be decided before autumn,
and statod that in his opinion any action
taken might be rendered nugatory by an
adverse decision.
On the other hand, A. Sbarboro thought
a form oi tru>-t deed could be drafted for
use by all the associations, and that any
litigatou pending the decision would
be decided in favor of the holder by the
lower courts. If the decision of" the
Supreme Court were adverse, then it would
be time to take no more of them.
Another discussion culminated in the
appointing of a committee, with instruc
tions to be prepared with a form of trust
deed suitable ior the use of all associa
tions throughout the State, to be recom
memled in case the Supreme Court shall
render a decision favorable f .o their use.
Tbe committee is composed of President
Frank Otis, Attorneys D. Friedenrich,
J. B. Richardson and A. E. Bolton, Albert
Meyer and A. Sbarboro.
The committee was also authorized to
investigate the subject as to whether the
recent law extending the period of re
demption in mortgages applies to mort
gages in force before the passage of the
act.
ITS PIEST CONDUIT.
The People's Mutual Telephone Com
pany to Uegin Work nt Once.
The People's Mutual Telephone Com
pany served notice on the Board of Super
visors yesterday that it was about to be
gin work on its first mile of underground
conduit. The line will start from the
corner of Sacramento and Sansome
streets, thence along Sacranunto to
Market, and along tlie latter thorousrh
lare to Sansomo and to the point "f begin
ning. A bond to indemnify the City
aeainst loss by reason of tinma?e to the
streets was filed in the sum of $5000.
PELL DEAD AT HIS POST.
Sadden Dent!) <>rjame« Hill, Watchman
of the City Hall.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 6.— James Hili,
the veteran night watchman of the City
Hall fell dead this evening bh he wos
entering the Ciiy Treasurer's office. Hill
was 79 years of age «nd was a volunteer
fireman in New York over fifty years :iro.
He has been watchman at the City Hall
many years, and has had a most romantic
life. The story of his many adventures
and experiences as a fireman and a soldier
was published in The Call a few months
I ago.
DELEGATES TO THE
PRESS LEAGUE
C. M. Shortridge and R. A.
Crothers Elected Frcm
This City.
The San Franc sea Press Cub
Soon to Move Into Eiegaat
New Rooms.
A Thorough Remodeling of the Con
stitution—l crease of Valuable
Eooks and Pictures.
The reeular quarterly meeting of the
San Francisco Press Club occurred last
night. Delegates were elected to attend
the forthcoming meeting of the League of
Press Clubs, and several other matters of
importance were considered, among them
new clubrooma.
There was a large attendance of repre
sentative newspaper men, besides asso
ciate members, and the session was
unusually interesting. The constitution,
which has been found inadequate to the
demands of the club, partly because of
the very considerable increase of mem
bers, was amended and added to, while
certain sections were repealed altogether.
In some instances the constitution ana
by-laws had been found to conflict. By
the reconstruction of the two, they were
made to harmonize and fit the present
wants oi the club. The constitution and
by-laws will now be printed anew.
The report of the financial secretary
showed the club in an exce.'lent financial
condition, notwithstanding the hard times.
The organization has well on to $1000 in
bank. The reports of the recording sec
retary, librarian and other officers showed
that a great many books, pictures and
other desirable thing) had been added to
the rooms.
Paul Cowles of tho committee on new
clubrooms reported that elegant quarters
had been t fferod the club on the eighth
floor of the proposed Behlow building on
Geary street, opposite Union square, for
$250 a month, including lirht and heat.
Besides this a preffer had been made by
the owner of the building occupied by
Thomas Day & Co., Suiter stre?t, offering
a large part of the first floor above the
street for $150 a month or the top floor
for $200 a month. The building was to be
thoroughly modernized. Neither offer in
cluded lijiht or heat. The committee was
continued, no decision being reached.
The International League of Press Clubs
will meet in New York June 1, and the
San Francisco Press Club being allowed
two delegates took up the election of dele
gates. F. C. Roberts, one of the vice
presidents of the International League,
told of the desire of the organization that
only thorough newspaper men be sent.
After a petty discussion of the ob
jects of the lorthcorrtinK meeting C. M.
SaorUidge, proprietor of The Call, and
R. A. Crothers, proprietor of the Bulletin,
were unanimously elected as delegates
and Henry Brook and A. L. Baggerly at
alternates. The following resolutions
were also adopted :
Resolvtd, That the delegates of this club be
requested :o exerciso tneir influence and
through them the influence of this club for
the purposetof increasing and extending the
spirit of fraternity and protection to the work
ing newspaper men and womon that ought to
exist among the newspaper fellow-craft
throughout the land.
FROM THE SOUTH SEAS.
Lloyd o: bourne Arrives Frcm
Samoa and Tells of Its
Excitements.
Lloyd Osbourne, American Vice-Consul
General at Apia, Samoa, and siep
son of the late Robert Louis Ste
venson, arrived at this City on the
steamer Alameda yesterday morninp.
Mr. Osbourne is accompanied by his
wife and baby boy. The latter caused the
enaction of an unusual scene aboard the
ship just half way between the sunny isl
ands ol the South Seas and tbe equator.
The voucgsier was christened by Frede
rick Wallis, Bi«hop of Wellington, and
will bear through this life the name of
Alan.
Mr. Osbourne's visit to America is not an
official one. He will co to Monterey iv a
few days and from there to Lake Tahoe.
"Now that the hnrricane season is over,"
said Mr. Osbonrne, "the foreign men
of-war are beginning to arriva. A Ger
man cruiser anchored off Apia a few days
before we left tbe island. The experience
of a few years ago remains fresh in the
minils ot those who handle the navies of
the world.
In consequence, during the season
when the winds lash the sea into moun
tains of seething, leaping foam, the har
bor is deserted "as the space that sur
rounds the pole in the frozen north."
EL CAMPO REGATTA.
Oarsmen Decide That It Will Be Held
Under the Rules of the Ath
letic Uuion.
A meeting of the representives of the
different rowing clubs was held last even
ing in the Parrott building.
Emmet Hayden, representing the San
Francisco and North Pacific Coast Rail
NEW TO-DAT.
WILL LIFT YOl OUT OF BED
and put you on your feet
after a spell of sickness much
quicker and better than any
other tonic in existence. The
one Malt Extract which feeds
and strengthens, but does not
INTOXICATE.
All Druggists.
VAL BLATZ BBEWMB CO.,
MILWAUKEE, WIS., U. S. A.
LOUIS CAHEN & SON,
Who'esale Dealers,
4i6-4iB Sacramento St,
road, called the attention of the oarsmen
to the fact that if a regatta were held in
the vicinity of El Campo the railroad
company would Hssist in every paiticular
to make it a success.
William Humphry, who 5s president of
the Pacific Athietic Association of the
Amateur Athletic Union, was present,
and at the request of the chair he en
lightened t c oarsmen present by giving
them a very clear and open s;atement as
to the definition o"f an amateur. He sail
regarding the registration rule tQat it was
an excellent scheme to protect amateur
sport of all kinds. By registration, which
meant the payment ot $1. an athlete or
oarsmau was entitled to a card of recogni
tion, which card entitles him on presenta
tion to compete in any game held by any
club that is a member ot ihe parent body.
"Heretofore athletes who had competed
in professional ganns in the East." said
Mr. Humphry, "journeypd to the West or
feouih and were permitted to compete in
amateur games because they had creden
tials from sjrue amateur club that had
been misled."
The question of withdrawal from the
Amateur Athletic Union was discussed at
length, but the consensus of opinion was
in lavor of remaining unoer the governing
power of the Pacific Athletic Association,
and the representatives of ihe various
clubs decided mat the regatta, which will
doubtless be ne:d at El Camp© in Juno,
will be governed by the rules of the Pa
cific Athletic Association.
A cummittee was appointed to draw up
an application, which will be presented to
the board of governors of the Pacilic Ath
1-tic Associaion, asking them for their
sanction to hold a championship regatta
at Ei Campo in June. The committee se
lected irom among the oarsmen repre
sented consists oi W. O. Patch, S. J. Pem
broke, J. R. Bocsman, William Espy, J.
Scully and P. A. Crim.
"BED RIDING HOOD'S RESCUE."
Tho Juvenile Cantata to Be Given In
Lebanon Church To-Night.
The juvenile cantata, "Red Riding
Hood's Rescue." or the "Danger of Dis
obedience," will be given at the Lebanon
Presbyterian Church, corner of Twenty
third and Sanchez streets, thi* evening.
It will be under the auspices of Mi3s Belle
K.Hawkins. Ihecautwiil be as follows:
Personations— Red Riding Hood, MHtrsle
Williamson; Mania, Mrs. N. D. Swan; Wood
man, David Lewis; Wolf, Oliver Stanley;
Robin, Leslie S.rle; Buttercup, Isabel William
son; Rose, EttaVanvlack;Elfle,Ethel Tabrett;
Ralph, Joseph Pracy.
Bluebells— Annie Burness, Jennie Comings,
HHiel Hamburger, Lilian Moss, Jessie Mackin
tosh, Nellie Tabrett.
Merry chorus— Marion Burness, Annie Bur
ness, Alice Bellman, Beatrice Berda::, Jennie
Comings, Amy Comings, Emily Ferguson,
Ruby Hamburger, Hazel Hamburger, Ethel
Kiiitfsland, Bertha Lightner, Lilian Moss,
Je-sle Muckititosh, Annie McLea, Nellie Aew
man, Edna Pracy, Leslie Sarle, Ethel Tabrett,
Etta Viiiivlitck, Jennie Williamson, Alma
Woodbridge Sarah Freeland, Nellie Tabrett.
Eddie Kline Goes Home-
Eddie Kline's big brother went round to the
Pacific Hypnotic Institute on Mission street
Wednesday evening and persuaded Eddie to
go home with him. The boy yesterday
seemed perfectly well satisfied with the change
and declaied his intention to remain at home
with his mother. If his state of mind con
tinuos the charge against him for vagraucy will
probably be dismissed by Judge Campbell on
Saturday.
Messrs. Baker nnd Thornton called at The
Call editoria'-rooms last, night and said that
Tnornton had given young Kline the hypnotic
su&rcrestion to go home and stay there.
"You remember," said Thornton, "that
Kline said In court he would rather go to the
reform school than go home. Njw ne says
that he is glad to be home, and that he in
tends to stay there. That is because of tho
hypnotic suggestion I gave him. The sugges
tion will influence him as long as I choose."
xew to-dat:
BOYS' CLOTHING
EXTRA.
It would sound rdiculous
for any other house to assert that our boys'
clothing passes through no other hands but
ours, from the back of the sheep to the back of
the boy. We are sheep-raisers, wool-growers
and manufacturers. You pay but a single
profit when you buy your clothing here. It is
just like losing money to lose sight of these
facts. They are nothing but facts, and you
can easily prove it.
Wholesale Manufacturers
Props. Oregon City Woolen Mills
Fine Clothing
§' For Man, Boy or Child
RETAILED
At Wholesale Prices
121-123 SANSOME STREET*
Bet. Bush and Pine Sis.
ALL BLUE SIGNS
fc^^fr. *ft, -<^ ~%> ~Tfc "Tlli ■*TTri ~^%i ""T* 'TV'X^
DrTDolierty's.SU
Class of Cases Treated.
mHE MEDICAL AND SURGICAL DISEASES
1 of MEN, PRIVATE and CHKOMC Dl*-
EA«KB, the KJIRORS Of YOUTH. LOST MAN-
HOOD, BLOOD DISKASKS, from any cans?,
KIDM'YnndSh'IX DISEASES, and MENTAL
ana PHYSICAL WKAK.V'-'SS pnvatelv, sproillly
sni permanently rured. •hirtv y ears' practical
experience. » onsultatlon free. Chargeß reasor-
able. Fatlents in the country cured at home, Call
oraJdrets
DE. W K. DOHERTT,
850 Market. Stroef, San Franclncn.
[£ E N T S* jJ
jHfiS^22o MARKET ST. s'fSShS^
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD U««E I> AMI ANA BITTKKS. THE
great Mexican Remedy: gives Healtn and I
tttr«t>gih to '.be sexual OrK&na,
DUFFY'S PURE
f^MALTWH'W
FO^EDICHUSE
■■. NO PUSEL OIL
Insures a Lively and Equal
circulation of the Blood and
tones the organs of Digestion.
A standard household remedy.
For pamphlet, address
DUFFY MALT WHISKEY CO.,
Rochester, N. Y.
«ff* SFAIL c o
* W . \
SWEANY,
Whose Keputation Is Kstablished by
•Ten Years of Unparalleled Success
-at 737 Market Street, San Francisco.
The ablest and most successful specialist of
the age in the trea'ment of all Chronic Nerv-
ous and Private Diseases of both Men and
Women. All diseases of the Eye, Ear, Head,
Throat, Lungs, Stomach, Liver and Bowels,
Kidney. Bladder and Urinary Troubles, Rup-
ture. Catarrh, Piles, Eczema and V.iricocele
treated with unfailing success. Diseases of
woman peculiar to her sex scientifically treated
and permanently cured. Loss or partial loss of
manly power and vicor in young, m*ddle-a?ed
or o'd men positively restored. Weatenino:
drains which sap the vitality, destroy the
health, cause paralysis, insanity and prema-
ture death, quiclcly and permanently stoppe 1.
Private diseases of every name and nature
cured without leaving any ba<l effects, and
that disease which poisons the blood, decays
the bones and cause* more physical and men-
tal suffering than any other known disease
thoroughly and forever cured.
Heart, Brain, Nerves and Blood.
If you have a dizziness of the head nnd pal-
pitation of the heart, difficult breothing and
suffocating feeling, a tired, irritnble discon-
tented feeling, and a iearjof impenoingdanger
or death, a dread of being alone or the reverse;
ii your memory is failing and you are gloomy
aid despondent and feel an aversion to so-
ciety, you are suffering from a d's^ase which
may soon prove very serious. You havj no
time to lose. • v
"Write your troubles if living awny from the i
city. Thousnuds cured at home. Letters are
j answered in all foreien languages. Corre-
I spondence strictly confidential. Book. Guide
to Health, sent free <>n iw>pl'C»tio". Address,
F. L. SWEAXY, M.D.,
737 Market street, Snn Francisco, Cal.
*AT AUCTION
TUESDAY.
TUESDAT 3IAY 11, 1897.
AT OUR S.ILESR 0 00£ C C3S OaiRKET0 a iRKET ST.
Opposite Palace Hotel, San Francisoa
Tan Xess Avenue Keaidence Lots.
SK. (SO vara) cor. Van Xess aye end Francisco
St., in 5 lar^-e visions; U7:6xl^3 f»et. Tnis
elegant location for resid nces is on the crann
boulevcrd. which is to be continued out Lombard
street, making a ' coruir.uous grar d drlvewar
around our city. is near tho Government reserva-
tion and commands a inagnilici»iit m.ntne view;
Van Xess averiup is bltnminlzed; examine this
1 roperty for choice h;.mos. ;? »> . ■
Steiner-Strnet Cottagp.
E. line (No. 1812) of stelner St., 82:6 feet S.
of Bush; bandsomo bay-window cottage of 7
rooms and bath; choice location; ■ teiner street
bituminizpd; cement stone sidewalk; sunny ex-
posure, iqual to northwest corner: exßininethis
forahome; several car lines; lot 1:7:6x100 feet.
Point Lobos Aye. (lUohmond) Corner
J,€»t.
SE. cor. Point Lobos ant 10th ayes.; an elegant
<"O-ner lot f. r business or r-siitence, on tlie crand
w^de boulevara; Point I.oljos nve. Sutro electrio
road; grand co.ner lot, 32:6x100 leet. ■ . r
Elegant Corner Kfgitlence I.< t.
SK. cor. of Church snd I.ibeitv sis.; *r» elegant •
corner lot for a seotlerawn's residence; line view;
choitesurioundincs: several car Hues; lar<ecor-
reriot, 61:6x106 f.-et.
Ontside Land Itlock Xo. 1090.
Alßree piece of outside land block No. 1000
(comprisini; H9 riiy Ion), south of &o!ae:i Gate
Park, tO'!iide<l b>- X and S Btree'ts, 3'Jd and 33J
I ayH S . ; lot 2io ftei on II st., 475 leet each on 32d
and 33d ayes.
Krodcr!ck-S:reer Kesldence Lot.
W. line of Eroderick, 100 feet s of Oak iv; ele- '
gant lot to bulid upon; choice snrroun strt-et
In basalt rock: compos tesidcwallc; street sewered,
and lot side-seweied; several carlii.es; 10. "JsxlUo
Iteu
Twenty- Fourth Street Cottage.
S. line (Xo. ) of 24th s:., 25 feet W. of Done-
la*s: o* y- window cottaije of 6 rooms, bath and
basement: V4ih-»t (uispass the door; street In
flue toiidition; examine this for a home; lot 25*
85 feet. ■ . . . .^_ i
 Ocean Boulevard Lots." V.*
Kost line of 48th aye. (Oceaa Boulevard), 100
Bof it at., and nt-tir ihe uc-an tious->. Th s Rrand
piece of property fronts the ocean and boulevara.
which is being completed: will soon become ■
prominent location for grand home or businessi
will be soM entire: 100 f. c: on 4Siu aye., running
through to 47th 240 10.-t. on which it irouts 10U
ieel, making this lot 100x240.
Ashbury neights French Flats.
West me (No. 28) Ue Lone aye., 2t'o:.t S o« ,
\\ al er s:., bet. Masonic aye., Ashburi-,\Va ler and
tredene . sis. Improvements— 4 French flats of a
rooms aud bath eacn; full rent, $.6; near Golden
Gate Park; concrete ioundation und sidewalk;
several car Hues;. lot 26x80.
Large X ihmnnd T.ot.
West lino of 27th aye., 265 sof Point Lobos. A
laree residence lo:, re»dv lor but dinir, near i'olnl
Lobos »v. : Satro electric cars: gxand lot, 70x120
JSASTUX. JkXI>RU>GK * CO.,
Office and Salesroom, t>3B Market s'-.. opposiU
| Palace Ho:el. . , :NO TASTE
FOR BANK
BOOK TALES
Hebbard Fights Against
Opening Records of
Their Pages.
5
CONSTANT FENCING FOR
DELAY.
His Attorneys Finally Decide
Not to Cross-Examine
Livernash.
: SOME PEOMISES THAT WERE
KOT KEPT.
More Details of the Attempt to Break
Up the Bush-Street Theater
Mcc tir.g
Thai little chapter of the inside manipu
lations of tne stock of tne People's Home
Savings Bank, by which Receiver John F.
• Sheehan and his attorney, James A. Watt,
YESTERDAY'S WITNESSES IN THE MARRIOTT CASE.
secured the election of a board of directors
' in July, 189 i of their own creation, prom
ises to make history.
It may be that when Judee J. C. B. Heb
bard undertook the effort he is now mak
ing in Judge Daingerfield s court to gae
freedom of speech, he made no
reciconing of the facts Eiward J. Liver
nash recited. At any ra c the story toM
by the assistant managing editor of the
Examiner, which is Hebbard's journalis
tic mouthpiece, is to go unchallenged.
After forty-eight hours of careful delibera
tion, during wh:ci» resource wa- had to
both Watt and Sheehan, Judge Hebbard's
attorneys have decided that they will not
cro*s-examine that witness.
Livernash appeared in court yesterday
. ready to be gri'.Jed or fricasseed, whichever
way Attorney Kahn might wi3h; bathe
had bis pains for nothing. Kahn an
nounre.i that he believed he "would
waive the cros?-eiamination of this wit
ness." He did not give any particular
reasons fur ibis somewhat peculiar devi
ation from court procedure, relying en
tire, v on his privilege as a prosecuting at
torney.
And so it happened that Livernash did
not have ;he privilege o! aild ins any se
quel to the story, "'How the depositors of
the Ppople's Home Savings Bank failed to
vote 1300 shares of stock at tne election in
IB94"
But in order to draw out more details
Attorney Shortridye had the newspaper
man recite in detail the wiliinguess of the
old board of bant directors to re.«ign, if
allowed by Jud<re Hobbard, in order tliat
the bank might be taken charge of by the
depositors. Livernasli related the desire
of his client, U. H. McDonald Jr.. to sever
His connection with the bank. He nego
tiated wth the Anglo-Californian and
Crocker-Woolworth buik* with a view of
having either of these undertake the liqui
dation of the savinus bank, if agreeable to
the. depositors. Bat it was all in vair..
Judge Hebbard's injunction restraining
the old board of directors from carrying
out their intention of resigning was an
effectual check to all the wishes of the de
positors.
Attorney D. M. Delma* told of frequent
appeals made to Judge Hebbard to relax
or modify this injunction. As one of the
attorneys of tb.3 old bonrd of directors he
nad called on Judge Hebbard in his cham
bers with some of the members of the de
positors' committee and Attorney Hutton
and asked him to modify the injunction to
the extent of allowing the board to meet
and resign in favor of a new one solected
by the depositors. Judge Hebbard agreed
to this programme and suggested that the
transfer of directorate might be made in
an adjoining room. It was proposed to
have the old directors resign one by one,
nd as each vacancy occurred it would be
filled by a selection ol the depositors.
"Was the willingness of the old board to
step out called to Judge Hebbard's atten
t.on? ".
•' "It was In open court, and was com
mon notoriety for weeks."
In due time Attorney Dalmas stated
that Judge Hebbard was called upon to
moduy the injunction, Dut he aiclared
."no such understanding and no such
agreement had been reached."
"I replied that it was idle to make this
statement," continued tho lawyer, "a«
others be>ides myself had heard , him
agree to this; but the • oort was master of
the situation, aria we . were obliged to
submit." '- . u.-sf ;:
- "What w»s it stood in tho way of carry
ing out itie agreement reached between
tt:eolcl board and the depositors?".
'The court— Jiidpe Hebbard."
Attorney Delraas. continuing, said he
bad advised Judge Hebbard that he had
no jur sdiction in the matter or rigbt to
.appoint a receiver and ;hat the Bucreme
Court had upheld him by declaring Shee
han's appointment null and void.
The attempt of Hebbard and hi* politi
cal "heelers" to break into the meetine of
bank depositors he.d at the liusn-stseet
Theater was aeain referred to.
Arthur H. Williams, who acted as as
sistant doorkeeper at the meeting, was
tbe first witness. Judge Hebbard, as far
as could te learned, had no richt in the
theaier, as admission was limited to ac
tual depositors in the bank. But such a
trifling scruple as this was easily over
come. As soon as Hebbard put in an ap
pearance he invoked the aid of Police
Sergeant Cook, who was present to pre
serve order, and that official cleared tiie
way for him into the hail, despitH the pro
tests and remonstiances of the doorkeep
ers. Some of Hebbard's friends also
trained admittance at tne same time, un
der the patronizing wing of the police
officer, and when A.torney bhortridge
a^ked the witness for their names there
was the usual protest from Attorney
Katin.
"We simply wisli to show," said Attor
ney Shortridcs, repeating the question*
"that there was a Concerted movement of
rucferoliers and political bums to break ur>
that meeting in the interests of Judge
llehbard."
Mr. Williams could not recall t«e iden
tity of the others who forced their wav
into the hall in company with Hebbard.
John F. Sheehan and Sam K. Thornton
put in an appearance a few minutes later
but were refused admittance. The same
fate befell Harry Clarke, an instructor in
swimming ai the Olympic Club. Williams
did not know Harrison Jones, Hebbard's
stenographer, and his court clerk. Robert
H. Fitzgerald. He knew that Milk In
spector Dockery was in the hall shouting
for Hebbard, but could not recall that he
went through the front door.
Attorney Shortriitre .isked whether Wil
liams knew that Dockery and Fitzgerald
piloted a mob of Hebbard's sympathizers
through a rear entrance into the meeting,
but lias was beyond his k lowledge.
On cross-examination Williams toUi
Assistant District Attorney Hinkle that
Hebbard had showed no bank book when
he forced his way into the ttieater.
"Didn't you put your hands on Judge
Hebliard's shoulders and didn't he say,
'Take your hands off. I have a bank book
in mv pocket?"
"He did not," was the reply, and Hin
k!p dropped the inquiry.
Edwiu F. Kendan, one of the members
of the depositors' committee, after an
swering a lew preliminary questions, was
excused, the Slate and Hebburd admitting
tuat he would corroborate the testimony
of the other commiiteemen relative to
fcueehan's acts us receiver.
James \V. Coffroth, the secretary of the
Superior Court Judges, was present at the
Bush-street Theater meetinsr by virtue of
his being a depositor in the bank. Attor
ney Shortridge was curious to know the
amount of bis deposit and the date of his
bank book, but the Hebbard faction seemed
to dread this piece of information and
protested to the court successfully.
.Robert H. Fitzgerald, Judge Hebbard 's i
i court clerk, was also at the meeting.
i Hebbard's stenographer, Harrison Jones,
had conveniently loaned him a passbook
for the oCi'aMon." Fitzgerald declared that
he hai behaved himseif on the occasion.
Wuen Attorney Shorir;deeat'.eruD:ed to
learn if Jonea had been "lending" pass
! books to other people Attorney Kabn got
in with hands and feet, with the result
! that Judge Daingerfie.d thought the in
quiry irrelevant.
M;lk Inspector Dockery— resplendent
Dockery — proved to have been an active
i worker to break Dp the meeting.
He admitted that he "had the plea-ure
! of placing a friend in nomination lor
j chairman," but, strangely enough, could
| not remember "the IriendV name unti
prompted t,y Hebbard's attorneys. Dock
ery's candidate proved to be a man named
Gregory, who was plated for the chair by
some of Hebbard's tympathizers who
were present.
The milk inspector admitted that he
had his weapons on him, but denied that
he attempted to use them when the raem
! bers of the depositors' committee remon
| s; rated with him for interrupting the
meeting.
Attorney Shortridge desired 10 have C.
E Palmer, secretary of the bank, read the
record of moneys paid to Receiver Shee
| nan from the records of the bank.
"I wish to siiow," said the attorney,
■ "that sums of money were drawn by the
receiver against the wishes of the deposit
ors Hnd allowed by the court or Judge
Hebbard. The court records show tliat
i when the pretended accounting was pre
sented to Judge Hebbard at the time of
i Sheehan's discharge Attorney Bartnett,
ion behalf of the California Safe Deposit
j and Trust Company, the assignee of
I $727,000 worth of deposit*, objected to the
J accounting on the ground that it was not
i a proper one, that it had been aliowed
•under a blanket resolution passed by a
! board of directors of the receiver's own
! creation.
"I wish to show by the books that cer
] tain payments were made under this binn
ket ratification of illegal acts which
shouM never have been paid. Sheehan
went into atul took possession of the bank
jby an order of the court. At the outset
I and subsequently it was maintained that
the order w;is null and void. Tne court
cannot authorize, nor can any one else
authorize, moneys to be paid under an il
legal order. In the end, however, some
| body attempts to ratify ttie actions of this
receiver. Now it is said that this board of
directors ratifies all these actions by a
blanket resolution, and that the court
had nothing to do but sit as an auto
maton. As a receiver Sheehan was a
steward of the court, and he presents an
indorsement from these direciors certify
ing to his conduct. Surely it is idle to say
that because this blanket resolution wns
preseni that the court is absolved from all
liability, because bis attention was called
to it, and because the application of wise
and riant rules of law would Lave an
nulled these payments."
Judge Daingertield inquired if the pro
priety of any of the payments or transac
tions bad been called to Judge Hebbard's
attention.
Attorney Shortridge repliel that Heb
bard knew that Sheehan was acting ille
gally, because the Supreme Court had de
clared the order of his appointment was
null and void. "Afterward this receiver
appears in court and a>ked that he be dis- j
charged and his bondsmen exonerated. ]
Then comes Attorney Bartnett and objects
to the accounting, and in reply She. nan
presents this b anket resolution. We are
charged in our alleged libel with declaring
that Judge Hebburd was morally responsi
ble for losses tv the depositors of the bank,
and here we show that there was certainly
an illegal abstraction of funds trom the
bank, because the receiver was working
iit.uer an order that the Supreme Court
declared null and void. We take the po
•uioa under tbeaeclrcamiUacestbat any
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 7, 1897.
one might be justified in saying that
Judge Hebbard was morally responsible
for losses resulting to the stockholders
throuch the actions of his servant or offi
cer. I maintain that a Judge is morally
responsible who, when warned, shuts his
eyes and permits an illegal thing to be
done."
Judge Daingerfield intimated that Judge
Hebbard's attention may not have been
called to any individual illegal sums
drawn by the receiver.
Attorney Shortridge, in reply, again
recalled that Attorney Bartnett had pro
tested against Sheehan's account at the
time Hebbard discharged him. It was for
the jury, then, to decide if Editor Marriott
was justified under the circumstances in
declaring that Hebbard was moraliy re
sponsible for the losses lo the depositors
through Sheehan'a mismanagement.
Hebbard's attorney fought vigorously
against the production of the bank records,
and in the end the court decided not to al
low them until Attorney Shortridge pro
duced further proof that Hebb-trd was
aware that Sheehan had been drawing and
paying money illeaallv.
The case will go on Monday next.
USEFUL POX KEFiIRENOE.
Nineteenth Issue of the "Statistician
and -Economist " Just Out.
The nineteenth issue of the Statistician
and Economist, just published by L. P.
McCarty of this City, is a compilation of
valuable facts which 'will prove almost
indispensable to those who wish to
familiarize themselves with current his
tory both at home and abroad.
This particular issue lor 1897-93 is in
several respects superior to earlier
editions.
The title page is preceded by a list of
"principal occurences which have taken
place while printing and b.ndinjr," so that
the volume is completely up to date, and
the rest of its contents are rendered easily
accessible by an exhaustive index of
twenty-six pages.
The peculiar object of the Statistician
and Economist is to sift from the vast
mass of obtainable information those
facts whose novelty or importance make
them a valuable basis for either thought
or action.
The volume is carefully classified to
facilitate reference, special attention hav
ing been paid to the scientific section, in
«rbich tne latest discoveries are presented
in a succinct and readable form. The re
maining divisions of the work are equally
well edited.
ST. BKIGID'S PAIR.
An Interesting Church Event for This
"Week.
One of the most successful church
events that have taken place in many a
day is St. Brigid's fair, now in progress
at St. Brigid's Church.
The purpose of the affair is to raise a
fund with which to complete the interior
decorations of the new edifice. There
will be a number of neat booths, where
articles of use and beauty will be sold,
and there will be luncheons at 2 p. it.
daily.
The following ladies will have charge of
the various booths: Mrs. W. W. Shannon,
Mi3s May Shannon, Miss A. Allen. Miss
Sebina Allen, Mrs. George Barron, Missel
Frankie Welch, Rosalie Lanchmnn,
Theresa Welch. Nel ie Rattigan, M. Gib
bon, .T. F. Sullivan. M. J. Lemon, K.
Lemon, ilrs. C. Ivanc vicb, Mrs. James
R. Kentzel, Misses L. Rourke, M. Cooper,
K. (*alvin, N. Powers, M. Powers, G.
Healv, S. Healy, J. Clarke, M. Convey
and Katie Williams.
HELD SPRING OPENING.
I The Thirty-Seventh Exhibition
of the San Francisco Art
Association.
An Exce lent C ncert Given at the
Mirk Hopkins Institute of Art
L.st N gut
The annual spring exhibition of the San
Francisco Art Association took place last
eveninp at the Mark Hopkins Institute of
Art. The attendance was not particularly
large, in fact it was just comfortable, and
the pictures and muse were far more en
joyable than if there had been a huge
crowd to jostle and otherwise weury the
critics.
The music, under the direction of
Henry Heyinan, was of unusual excel
lence. The organ prelude, "Preciosa," by
Yon Weber, was very well done by
Emilio Crueils. The be sttning on the pro
gramme, however, was a trio, Miss Mabel
Johnson, Miss Annette Johnson and Pro
fessor Lombardero, on mandolins and
baniJurrias. Their first number was the
overture "William Tell" by Rossini, and
in reply to repeatea demands they gave
Sancho's "Sueno Tropical." For their
last number they gave a trio of Professor
Lombardero's own comoosition^, the
'Raymond Wfiltz," "Melancholia" and
the "Grand Spanish Carnival March."
Christian Jorgenson, accompanied by
R. Fletcher Tilton, sang "The Holy City,"
by Adams, and "Calm as the Night," by
B'ohm. Miss Eva Shorey ?ang "My
Mother Bid* Me Bind My Hair," by Hav
den, and Vannini's "Mem Giebcuen."
For an encore she gave "Confession," by
Kathern Rodcers. Later on la the even
ing she *ang Tosti's "Donna Vorrei Morir,"
and "Without Thee" by d'Hardelot. Xn
organ "March Religieuse" by Meyerbeer,
played by Mr. Creulls completed a most
excellent pro rramme.
The next concert will take place on
Thursday evening. May 13.
• — « — •
Claims Half Pilotage.
Frank Boyd, a pilot, yesterday filed in the
United States District Court an Intervention
of libel against the bark Sonoma. He claims
$51 21 half pilotage, alleged to be due be
cause of the refusal of his services while the
bark was on her way into this harbor from
Yokohama. • • - ■ '
LAST TRIBUTE
FOR THE DEAD
The Masonic Burial Service
Over the Body of Clay
Webster Taylor.
Heartfelt Tribute to the Memory
of the Departed Past
Grand Master.
The Anoint Order of Workmen, of
Which Deceased Had Been Granl
Master, Represented.
The Grand Lodge of Free and Accepted
Masons of the Sttte of California officiated
yesterday afternoon at the funeral ser
vices over the remains of the late Clay
Webster Taylor, past master of the Grand
Lodge of this jurisdiction.
The service was that of the Grand
Lodge and was the first performed by that
body for a long time, death not having
called away any of the members of that
body. It was held in King Solomon's
Hall in the Masonic Temple with all the
impressiveness that the occasion called
for. Tho stations of the several officers
and the altar were draped in mourning, as
was also the entrance to the temple and
the portrait of the deceased, which is in
the gallery in the main hall.
Among the floral offerings was a large
easel contributed by the Grand Lodge ol
the Ancient Order of United Workmen,
of which the deceased was twice grand
master. There was also a iargc piliow
bearing the word "Brother" and a num
ber of bunches of roses and St. Joseph
lilies.
At a quarter after 2 o'clock the casket
was brought into the lodaeroom, followed
by the widow, supported by her brother
in-law, the ton and daughter of the de
ceased and a procession of relatives and
intimate friends, and after the casket, on
which rested a bunch of lilies and a sneal
of grain, the following-named officers ot
the Grand Lodee entered the hall and
filled their several stations.
William T. Lucas, grand master; Thomas
Flint Jr., deputy grand master; *'. M.
Angeiotti, senior grand warden; C. L. Patton,,
junior grand warden; Edward Coleman
grand treasurer; r.eorge Johnson, grand sec*
retary; E. i». Church, grand chaplain ; Franci*
E. Baker, grnnu orator; J. Ladagnous, gran v
lecturer; James 11. Stevens, grand marshal:
J. EHis, grand standard-bearer; L. Osborue,
grand second standard- bearer; William S.
Mo>es. grand Bible-bearer; William G. Brown,
senior grand deacon; E. C. Bouner, junior
grand deacon; H. L. Davis, senior grana utew
ard ; M. V. Taylor, junior grand me ward ; Joha
T. Grey, grand pursuivant; Samuel D. Mayer,
graud organist; James Oglesby, grand tyier.
The Masonic choir — Samuel D. Mayer,
J. R. O.ilvie, J. P. F eniiiif and J. R.
Jones— rendered ".Still, Still With Thee,"
after which the grand master, afterstatinc
the occasion ot the assemblage, read from
the burial seivice.
The choir tneii sanj? " Rest, Spirit,
Rest," after which the grand secretary
handed the grand master the sacred roll,
on which he~in*cribed the name and aire
of the deceased, and said, "Almighty
Father, into thy hands we commend the
soul of our beloved brother," and tbe re
sponse by the members of the Masonic
fraternity at the same time giving the
grand honors was, "The will of God 19
accomplished; so mote it be. Amen."
Tbe choir then rendered "Come to Me"
and the grand chaplain offered prayer,
which was followed by the response, "So
mote it be" and the singing of "Sleep
On."
Then Henry E. Higbton, past granu
orator, delivered the eulogy. He brietiy
went over the life of the deceased, paid a
hieh tribute to his worth aa a citizen of ihe
state, a statesman, member of the Ma u onic
fraternity and of the Ancient Order of
Workmen, a husband and father, and said
that, in view of all this, no better step
could have been taken than the heartfelt
tribute to bis memory he saw before him.
He &i oke of the deceased as a man of
honor, integrity, lofty ideas, deep thought
and great sympathy, whose life work will
be felt many generations hence, when his
name shall havo ceased to be ihe subject
of daiiy talk. He closed by stat.ng that
true love never dies, and that there is a
ceriain assurance tnat the separation from
those he loved is but temporary, for the
day of reunion is sure to come.
The grand marshal announced that the
time had come to take a last look at the
face of tbe dead and all in tha rr.om passed
around the casket. As the members of
the Masonic fraternity passed each depos
ited on ttie casket a sprig of accaasia, after
which a procession was formed in the fol
lowing order and the casket was carried to
the hearse :
Thetyler; stewards, with white rods; mas
ter masons; secretary and Ueosurer; junior
and senior wardens; past masters; the holy
writings on a cushion covered with biack
cloth and supported by the descons with
crossed rods; the master; the casket; pall
bearers; mourners.
The pa!!-bearers were from the Grand
Lodge—Frank J. French, Thomas Ander
son. Philip D. Code, N. W. bpauldinu, S.
C. Wa lis and L. D. Schord— and from the
A.nci«>nt Order of United Workmen— Past
Grand Muster Workman Frederick Adams.
Grand Master Workman William Vinter,
Grand Receiver Samuel Booth and Grand
Auditor William Broderick.
The remains were then conveyed to the
train and then to Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
where the remainder of the impressive
service was conducted and concluded.
Nearly 200 patents have been issued for
horbesliops, but not one of the inventions
has ever come into general use.
NEW TO-DAY.
I^LAME
jf^t BACK.
Ip"^ 3 111 LJAVE YOU THAT DULL PAIN UNDER YOUR KIDNEYS,
L Y*~ rff II from the spine down into the hips? Is there a steady
jj «-J-* l igJC3»j!jV ache about your loins and extending to your abdomen? Do
' , , you have that dragging, weary sensation after hard work or
",- .along siege of standing? : All these are si«ns of muscular
weakness in the back. Streetcar men, railroad men and others whose lives are spent over the
jolting, jarring tracks nre very frequently sufferers from it, and they receive immediate reilef
irom the proper use of Electricity. .
DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT
Is a positive cure. It cures in a day. The whole trouble is muscular— the muscles centering at
the spine have been injured and weakened. Dr. Sanden's Belt draws them gently back into
their natural position a-id gives them strength. It cures «n>l never fails, because i» is properly
applied. There are two ways of treating lame back— the rigiu uay an<t the wro.ig way. Other
belis fail nine times out of ten, because ot improper application. Dr. Sandeu s thirty years'
experience has taught him the right way, and nls Belts never fail. ;■ «
"Your Bolt cured a red-hot pain that I had in my back for two years. For two weens I
wore the Belt daily and all at once the pain left me, and I now enjoy better health than I have
for yeHrs," says A. C. HAMMOND, 152 Crocker Building, San Fra.icisco.
Lay aside the plasters and get the trouble cured. It will not last long while you wear Dr.
Sanden's Belt It is worn while you sleep at night and you feel better in the morning. Call
and see It and test its power free, or get the book telling of hundreds of cures.
SAN DEN ELECTRIC CO., SLSBS & S8&,
Office Lours— -i A. M. to 8:30 P. M. ; Sundays, 10 to 1. Los AnifoLmOfflua '204 oouia tisoii.
way; Portland. Or.. 253 Washington Btreet; Denver, Colo., 935 Sixteenth street.
M/iJt.— no mistake m tumiuiiitier-632 Market Btreet- Make note of it.
DR. SANO£>'S ELKCXKIC IKIS-t CUKES IHI'TIKE. ■
READY TO GREET
GENERAL SHAFTER
New Brigadier on His Way
From Washington to
San Francisco.
Plans Have Been Laid to Give
Him a Reception at ths
Presidio Club
Cimolim^nts Paid to Colon:l S. B M.
Ycunp, Who Leav s lor Yellow
stone Park N>xt Week
A message came to the Presidio by wire
from Washington yesterday stating that
General William R. Shatter would leave
that city for San Francisco last evening.
Recently the announcement was made
that General Sbafter would command the
Department of the East, with headquar
ters in New York, while Major-General
Wesley Merritt was abroad taking ob
servations of the war between Greece and
Turkey, but as the major-general i;as now
decided to abandon the journey of ob
servation General Shafter will come West
and probably take command of the De
partment of the Columbia.
Preparations have been made to give
the new brigadier-general a tine reception
at the Presidio Club early next week.
The officers of the First Infantry are
highly gratified over the promotion of
their colonel, and the same feeling of
gratification is manifested in the artillery
and cavalry of the garrison.
Workmen were engaged yesterday in
knocking out one of the wood partitions of
the clubhouse so as to provide one large
room for assembly convenience. The al
terations in progress were planned some
time ago and were not designed for this spe
cial occasion, but work will be pushed to
have the rooms refitted in time 10 receive
the general.
Lieutenant-colonel Young, Fourth Cav
alry, will leave this station next Tuesday
for Yellowstone Park. A reception in his
honor was held at the Presidio Wednesday
afternoon. Captain Ixjckett, Fourth Cav
alry, nnd Mrs. Lockett gave the reception.
The band of the First Infantry played on
the lawn, and all of the oflices of the Pre
sidio and other posts of the harbor called
during the afternoon to pay their respects
to the popular trooper. Among the callers
w«re General Forsyth, Colonel Bates, Col
onel Burton, Major Field, Colonel Smed
berg retired, and many other military men
of di.itin ction.
Colonel i'oung has a brilliant military
record. Hi* enlisted at the first call of
Pres dent Lincoln for troops in April,
1861, joining as a private Company X,
Twelfth Pennsylvania Infantry. He was
discharged August 5, 18(31, and in Septem
ber of the same year commissioned captai'J
Fourth Pennsylvania Cavalry. He was
subsequently promoted major lieutenant
colonel and colonel of the rejriment, and
honorably mustered out July 1, 1865. He
was appointed second lieutenant Twelfth
Infantry, U. b. A., May 11, i£G(5; captain
Kiehth 'Cavalry. July 23, 1860, major Third
Cavalry, April 2, 18(nJ. ana subsequently
lieutenant-colonel Fourth Cavalry. He
was breVetted major Jor valiant and meri
torious services in action at Sulphur
Springs, Va. ; lieutenant-colonel forgallant
j and meriiorious services at Amelia
i Springs, Va. ; colonel for heroism at
! bailors Creek, Va., and brigadier-general
for gallant services during the campaign
terminating in the surrender at Appomat
tox. He commanded a brigade of the
cavalry corps, Army of the Potomac, and
was wounded in the actions at Keanston
Sulphur Springs, wounded at the battle oi
Hutohers Run and again wounded at the
battle of Sailors Creek. He served with
bravery and skill on frontier duty since
I the close of the war.
Colonel Young was elected c mmander
of the Loyal Legion California Com
mandery in 1890, and s-erved one term
with credit to himself and the legion.
It is regarded at the PresiJio as practi
cally settled tbatJLieutenan'.-Colonel Evan
Miles, First Infantry, now on duty at
Benicia, will be promoted colonel and as
signed to the command ot the First. The
confirmation of William R. Shatter's
nomination to be brigadier-ganeml leaves
! a vacancy in the grade of colonel, and
Miies is the senior lieuteuant-colonel oi
infantry. Unless some powerful influence
be invoked at Washin ton to promote
some other officer. Colonel Miles will be
appointed. In all probability he will be
post commander at the Presidio before
the Ist of June.
RIVERSIDE IS JUBILANT.
Frank McLaughlln and Other Good Re
publicans Thanked for the Citrus
Fruit Tariff.
Frank McLaughlin, chairman of the
Republican State Central Committee, yes
terday received the following letter, which
is self-explanatory:
Friend McLaughlin: Our chairman, George
Frost, and myself want to express the hearii
est thanks of Riverside and ourselves person
ally to you and ail the good Mends In San
Francisco for the energ?tic way in which you
took up our Cent and pushed it to what we be
lieve will be a successiul issue. I send you by
this mail one 01 our Riverside papers which
editorially also thanks you. We to-day have
received the following telegram — Senate sub
committee reports 1 cent a pound on citrus
fruit- 6 — from Captain Daniels, our committee
man in Washington, on receipt of which we at
once got up the militia cannon and fireworks,
and our town Is decorated as for Fourth of
July.
God bless you and yours! This means more
than you realize to our community. It has
been in very hard lines linancialiy for four
years. Your friends, Frank A. Miller,
Ueokuk Feost.
last¥ance !
As we stated in our last ad, owing to the enor-
mous crowds who could not be served on account of
the great rush we had last week we have decided,
after receiving numerous requests from many wage-
earners, to continue the sale for one week, so as to
enable those who had no opportunity to make their
purchases to do so now.
TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW
Being the last two days of this
GREAT
SLAUGHTER
SALE
We would request those who desire to save at least
half on their Clothing purchases to come as early as
they can, so as to avoid the rush.
Our goods and prices will make the closing
scene of this sale a memorable one.
Never again in the history of San Francisco will
goods of such a character as ours be sold for the prices
that we will name. These prices are specials and are
for to-day and to-morrow.
READ THEM, THEN COME FOR VERIFICATION.
We have about 300 There are about 250 ! Men's Dress Suits, just
Youths' Long Pants more of those All- Wool, specials, all wool, blacn
Suits, ages 12 to 19 years, I Fly-Front Suits, in Scotch and clay-gray worsted*,
in sirong, durable grays, Tweeds. You undoubtedly in sacKs and frocks,
worth $5, :r-ave heard about them— i«quare and round corner-.
they are worth $15 and You want to see 'em, they
$12 50, are worth $16 50.
$2.65. I $4.95. $7.65.
Men's Cotton Fnll Fin- Genuine Covert Cloth | Men's Extra Strong
ished Half Ho3e, sold for Top Coats for swell dress-; Working Pants in neat,
25c, 3 pairaior ers. You can buy thenijnew stripes, worth $1 75,
I for half the price they are
worth, $17 50,
25c. $8,45. 85c.
.
AH-wool Men's Pants, inj Trilbys, men's latest, in | Men's Dress .fants, in
tweeds, they are all rightjhandsome patterns, worth the latest style:-?; they are
for double the money, $150, strictly all wool and are
worth $2 50, worth $3 50,
$1.15. 85c. $1.45.
Boys' Strong School; Boys' Strong Reefer; All-wool Vienna TJnder-
Suits; not many of them Suits in pretty shades of wear, worth 75c,
left. Grab 'em quick; grays, sailor collars, worth
they are worth $2, !$3, "
85c. $1.75. 40c.
Boys' All-Wool Reefer Boys' Fine All- Wool! Boys' Latest Style Mid-
Suits in blue, black and Reefer and Plain Dress dy Suits, with extra vests,
pretty shedes of brown. Suits in now shades, wortnjin a pretty shade of blue,
and gray, worth $4. $5. trimmed with red and
white, worth $5,
51.95. $2.25. $2.45.
The latest style in Plaid i Boys' Short Pants Vestj Boys' Long Pants Suits
Mixtures, Middy Suits. I Suits in ail- wool cash-|mnde of strong, sub«tan-
They are beauties and mere. They are worth $& tial material, worth $5,
worth $7 50,
$3.95. $2.50.
Boys' Wool LongPant«| Boys' All- Wool Dressj Boys' All- Wool Clay
Suit.', 12 io 15 v«»:ir*, in all Suits, in Cheviots anrij Worsted Dress Suits, in
color's worth $7 50, Tweeds, worth $9 and $10. jbiue, black and gray,
i worth $12 50 and $15.
$3.35. $4.75. i $6.95.
Men's Latest Black Fe- ! Men's Fine Felt Hats. Men's Fine quality Fe-
dora Hats, the same as in the latest shades Fe- dora Hats, also Derbys,
are sold for $150, dora?, worth $2, all shades, worth $2 50,
65c. 85c. $1.15.
I !
100 dozen Strong, Derby 1000 dozen Men's Silkj 100 doz. Stanley French
Ribbed Men's Underwear, iTies, worth 25c, Percale Shirts, worth sl 50
worth 50c.
25c, 10c, 45c.
Yours to save you money until Saturday night,
T~ BALDWIN CLOTHIERS
924 to 930 Market Street
(BALDWIN ANNEX).
CMail orders will receive prompt and careful attention.
910
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD
M MMAUV OF THE aiAliKl^TS.
ver lirmer.
Wht-at advanced.
15arley, Uats and Rye unchanged.
Eastern Cor.i expected sgain.
Bran and Middli.cs tirm.
>o change in Hay.
More Australian Onions here.
old Potatoes lirmer.
1 gs;s aivanced ai;.iin.
Batter flrm. 1 heese steady.
A car of Eastern I'oultry In.
Cherries lower.
Com : on Oranges weaker.
i.ieen Iks cheap.
ir: d Fiuiis and i:alsins In better request.
rovislons unchanged.
QjlcksilveradvameJ.
GOLD COIN MOVEMENT.
The movement of Gold Coin at San Francisco
fortlieiirst four months of the year was as fo!
--lows:
J'uid for duties $1,912,300
Exported 12.592.400
Total wltndrawn 4.604.700
( Dined January 1 to April 30 •-90,000
Loss to loi a' circulation . $15,214,7011
There w«re large cold coin shipments to the
last up to übont Apnl 10, when the movement
erased. In the same time las: year the loss to
local circulation w»s $4,114,700.
Kxpißn.ition.
The airow flies with the wind. The top figures
at Btßtion indicate maximum teir.pirature for the
uni4erneath it, if any. the amount of
snow in inrlies and hundredtlis,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
mneci l" 1 !i s of equal air pressure; i»o
--therms, or do; ted lines, equal tempemture. The
word "hieh" means bUrh l.arometric i>ressure and
!> usu'iily nc -omuanied by fair weather: "low"
r> f.-rs to low i^rt-ss'irn. aiM is u-nally preceded
aud accompanied by cloudy weather'and rams.
"Lows" osi ally Brat appear on tlje Washington
t<as'. When .ne pressure is high in th« interior
ow along the coast, a;i<l the Isobars extend
ui'rih Hri'i south along the coa^t, rain ij proiiable:
but when Ihf "low- Is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is lmprob-
Wilh a "hijth" In the vicinity of Idaho, nnd
the pres _• to the California coast, warmer
wenther may be expected in summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these conditions
vi.. 1 roiiuct- uo opposite result.
WtATHKII liUKKAU KJErOKT.
rNIT .I> States IM-.IABTMENT of Aobicui,
turk. Wkatkkb Bukeac, San Fkancisco,
May 6, 1897. 5 c. M.-Th- [ol owing are the rain
falls lor ihe page '_'4 hours and seasonal rainfallj
d:ite, as compared with ihose of the same date
las -.iison:
. ureka, past 24 hoars .25, ihs season 49.52,
les: season 48.95: Red BlurT. past 24 hours .00.
tbis season -J4.08. last season 20.88 -«i Fran
cisco, pas". -4 hours trace, this season 22.61, last
season .0 57; Fresno, past 24 hours .00. this sea
sun 10.53, last season 5.16; ban Luis Übispo.
past -l hours .00, tbis eeason 20.71, last season
17,64: Los Angees, past, 24 hours .oo, this sea
son 16.80, last season 9.07: Uiego, past 24
hours .00, tiiis season 13.67, last, si'-i>on 5.92:
an a. past 24 hours .oo, thU season 5.35, iast sea
son .SK.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature 60,
minimum 51. iiip:iii 56.
Weather condltioas and general forecaits:
An a:e.i of high pressure is central to-night over
Washington, Oregon aijd Northern California. It
will proo.itly move slowly northward.
The ternpera:ure has fallen about 20 degrees in
Kasiern uregon and about 10 degrees over the
greater portion of the Northwest.
Rain lias fallen generally over Oregon and Wash
inct'jn.
1 he following maximum wind velocities are re
po ted: Fort Canbv, 56 iiiles. from the south;
Portland, 36, sontb; Seattle, SO, sou h west; >po-
Kane. 34 southwest; Idaho Falls. 26 sou: h: Car
son <-'ity, 26, from the southwest; Point Keyes,
t\:'. from the northwest.
Conditions !>re favorable fnr a moderate norther
in tn- Ba< r.v ; ento and mid Joa<]ulu valleys Friday
afternoon arid nu'pit.
Forecast made at can Francisco for thirty hour.-t
llns inidni?lit May 7. 1897:
Northern California — b'alr, warmer Friday:
northerly wi::tlsin the valley, licht.westerly w rids
on the coast; light log along the coas. Friday
rnorninß.
southern California -- Fair Friday; continued
warm weather; westerly winis.
Nevada— Fair >r.day: w«rmer.
Utah— Cloudy hum probably showers early Fri
day morning: fnir Friday, except showers in ex
trcni'- north: older.
\r z;iia— i air Friday; continued warm weather.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair; warmer Fri
day; light west rlv winds.
AiEi>.vi)EK McAdik, Local Forecast Official.
NI.W YOKK MAIiKEIS.
.\F.\V YORK, S. V., May 6.— The Stock mar
kel oiened mainly lower, changes being trivial
and transactions small The industrials gener
ally shewed an Improving tendency.
Liquid atl la the Oould group eucoura.'ed
snoit sales in other stocks. 'I'oward the close of
ilielirjt boar the market steadied and Missouri
I'm ific g,.11i 1 point.
Th? grangers developed heaviness alter 11 and
tlie general list eased oft ins> mpa.by. Nearcoon
the marte. st ffened noiab'y ui;der the leadership
of (he Vanderbills and Northern I'a.iric. Ihe
stock nisrke." nas be om» so narrow that it
Changes i!-. direction every twenty-four hours.
Although the urojrfan tnarcet ior securities
didn't: rellect any important veiopn-ents fn the
Levant, lo< al ouer.itor3 prolese to be] eve that ibe
powers have lvi rvent-d to terminate the war It
is also a cepted without question ilia- the advices
fiom v>a<bln?!on regarding this tariff bill are at i
variance wi.h the views heid on the street ves:er
d.iy. The sentiment became >o hopeful during
the- last half day that a reilurtion of 1 pet cent!..
the auni'.ai dividend of Chfcagoand Al on com
mon vru virtunlly ignored.
In e^rJ.r dealing? thu eiuire list was depressed
by the effective selling of so-ca'.led <;oui<i stocks,
particuia ly Mltamri i'aciric aid Manhattan Rail
way, 1 lie liist named Mista:iiec! a maximum de
cline of nearly 2 points, and was the movement
that revived : be cu-tomary reports rt fleeting upon
tbe rinancia- condiiton of the compnny. these
rumors elicited an ntlicial denial, nearly all tbe
early log-, in price was recovered. An advance of
l/ 8 c a pound 111 ih>- price of refined sugars cans -d
borne iradeis to change tiu:.r poiitio;i regard. ug
huiutr Kefinlng Hiook. The most pronounced
movement was in hicagoGus, which led in re
spect t-> aciivlcy unl sold at tha highest price yet
rertraed for It. New York Central was also ex-
ional y strong, acor.ne the largest net advance
r'-coideo" for stocks in which transactions .were
&000 shares. ' ■( ...'...
in late dealings the entire list was intiu«nced
favorably by statements from the principal draw
•rs of exchanre, y l which were hardly necessary
la view o: th« prevailing rat s lor sterling, that
they would IKX »hip gold on .Saturday. The clos-
IBj; was stio tt about the best prices. Gov-rn
meni bo::ds wer- tiira i.ahway bonds were firm.
.\iiiod,." the nott ini|)ortai:t net advances were
North r.i Pacific prior fours, S/ g to 873/ g . and nen
eral threes. S/ 8 w fiisj. and Oregon Hallway and
. Navigation lours, i/.j per cent to 83 Money on
call Is 1 1 /z@-' /i per ent. tim' money, sixty
days, 2 pei c<-nL: tbree and four months. 21/2 per
ce:it; six rao is. : j . per ceut. and the balance of
the year ai/ 2 j/ercent: 1- months, 4 pi-r cent on
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AKO NEW YORK STOCKS.
WHEELOCK & CO.,
*k LeiaesdorfT St, TeL Main 1954.
( F..\ tra 1. OFFICE -
C 23 Market St., l'uluce Hotel. Purly & Atkinson,
Mana-.-ers. Tel. Main 5144.
Uptown Office— Baldwin Hotel (adjolnlngGrUl !
Hoom). Tel. Main lu9l.
PURDV. ATKINSON & CLAPP, Managers.
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo-
tations. Keren-nee Ist National Bank, S. F.
CHICAOU tltlVATls: WiKK. iSKW YUtiK.
gooJ mixed stock Exc!ian:e co lateral, tommer
cial Is QtiiiH- primeindorse.l bils receivable,
Si^M>3*4 percent; choice and prim« single n.nues.
33 /4@< per cc:>.; 00 1 nanii-s. 4©5 ier cent.
S. ei,i;i- Kxi-h firmer, closing a small frac
tion highei. Coatini-mai ex< liau«e la qulft. flrm.
Foat'd a->-e:i rates lor Sterling. $4 8 > for Ions?
bills and $1 88% foruemand. Aciual rates loug
bills, f4 Bc@i tbV*: dr»Hs, $i 87Vi'a»l 87%. anl
cab trans. rrs. *4 87y 2 ®4 &73.i. »>oine*Uo ex
chan«e on New York ana -an Fra >eWco, sight
12y c premium, telegraph 15c premium.
IVheat and Flour. •
WHEAT- 10:30 U:00 12:00 1:00 2:10
jf av 77% 77T/ 8 79
Jul,- "".'.'".".'.'. 761's 76% V7V T7VJS
September 7S 7SS/4. 74i/ 8 74S
DAember 745/ 3 75y 75 V a
Spot. i.U'her and in good exro.-t demand: f.o.b.
afloat No. 1 Northern spring New York.Hlc; No.
1 Northern spring, Dolnth, ft'iC: .No. 3 hard win
ter. 78c; No. 2 hard winter, 79c.
Future closing: .May, 7ae; July, 77% C; Septem
ber 74:< s c; December. 75% a
KLOl' ■;- Winter, bbls.: Superfine, 82 So@3: No.
2 extr:<- S3 So@3 40: No. 1 extra. $3 50<.<*3 70
cie.ir-i $3 5.@3 c 5: siraigbts, $4 20@4 S5: patents,
$4 s*@4 BU. , -. <■■
(iKAIN FREIGHTS— New i ork; to Liverpool,
by steam, -d.
. Produce.
PROVISIONS— Lard, prime. $a 27%.
PORK-Mess $8 75@9 25.
TALLOW— 3y B e.
HiDr->— Galvuston, 20 to 25 lbs, 14c; Buenos
Ayr-'s. dry. 20-lb. lsy 2 @-'oc.
I.KATII — llfinl.icv sole, Buenos Ayres, light
loheiivv wochts. 20@.'lC; acid. 20^S-'S.
ilors- dopOi'96, - ! /2*Cc: 'bo, 6@loc; coast
'95, 3@6c; coast '9t>, 6@liy c.
wouL— Dames ie fleece, j6@V!lc: pulled, 15®
•20c.
SUGAR— Raw, dull, firm: refined active, firm;
89-degree, 234: 9t>-des;ree, 3Vi@3 5-16 c.
BI'TTtH- creamery. Western. 17c.
EGOS— Ht*;e. fresh sathered, 10@10%c.
PETROLEUM— New YorK renn.-a. lb 26: Phil
adelphia and Baltimore relined, $6 2U; reliaed iv
bulk, 93 70.
I>ried Fruits.
RAISINS-Californla, 50 -Ib boxes, 2 84 c; crown,
4Ca.ss, c; seeded, 7»i@!iyoc: seedltss muscatels,
ct'ltl;ANTS-4S / i@si/i'; In barrels: s@si4c in
cases: cleaned bulu, &i (q.oc; cartons, 6@7%c.
PKUNES-Calilornia, 25- 1b boxes, 4@7%c; I)0-Ib
boxf-s, ;-<%/<s7c.
Al'iacoT>-C'allfornla, boxes, 9@lsc; bags, 8@
lie.
PEACH Es-_California, nnpeeled, bags, 6@B%c;
boxes, 7%@0%c: peeled. 10©12e.
l-'Kis — * ancy ordinary, 12(g;l>?C; fancy washed,
20@24c
I Fs— Persian, 60-tb boxes, 2%@.3«ic; fard,
boxes 43,4.03)50: cases. sy2@jc.
ClTKu.n— U@I2V2C for lancy boxes. 'i '. .':
\VALNUTS-Calitort:ia staudard, 6%c; eoft
shell, Be.
ALMONDS-Shelled, 16ia)29c.
3letals.
PIG IROX — Southern, 10@ll; Northern,
$10S0@12 50
Plli TIN-Flrm: straits. $13 15&13 25.
Stocks and lionds.
Opattmo. Closina.
American Sugar $1,575 $11575
American Sugar Pfd 103 75
Amtrican ToDacco b8 00 ti9 50
American Spirit Mig Co ■ 10 87Vi
Atchison 10 25 10 371-3
J'.ay State Gas 9 00
Canadian I'atltic 52 60
Central Pacific
Chicago Gas. 83 25 83 87V»
C. B. A Q 73371^ 74 CO
Con. Gas . 162 3"y 2
i ordage
Cordage l'fd
Denver Klo Grande Pfa.
Delaware & Lackawana ■
I Krie 12 00 1200
I Vvtl Wayne. - — — —
! General Electric
I Hocking Va'ley ;
I Jersey Central 78 75 79 60
! Kansas <t Texas, Pfd 27 23 87 37JA
I Lake Shore . 164
! Louisville & Nashviile 48 621/2 44 25
j Mannattan Con..: 82 o>l 82 60
Missouri I'aci fie 1 87Vi 12 0
I National Lt-ad '
llav>ii IG9 00
1 New York <fc New KoglanJ. ■
New York Central 99 25 100 12Va
! North Pacific. 12 2&'
i North Pacific. PW 35 f:0
Northwestern 103 50 104 25
j North American ■
I Oregon Navlcation 1000
; Oreton Navigation, Pid 42 0(1
j Pacific Aiaii 27 25 27 87^1
Pullman 167 25 I
1 Quicksilver (Con Exchnge). 100 00
Kock Island 62 25 6813% i
i Heading. 1875
>-Ou:hern Pariflc 15fiO
*!• I'aul 72 62V. 73 12%
Texas Pacific. ' a 60
Ten nesse" Coal <fc Iron 19 60 20 50
Union Pacific 5 60 5 60
V. s. Leather .
! V. S. Le»ther, pfd 63 00 63 25
1 Western Union 75 87% 78 50
i abash, Pfd
i Far silver $ 61
; sterling on London, 60 days 4 87
Sterline on London, sight 4 8-1/2
I", s. -.'s, registered 96 00
I U. 8. 4's, new "... 123 25
r. s. 4's, new, coupon 123 25
V. s. 4's ni 00
j U. & 4's.conD 112 50
: '" t>. 6's 113 37V
U. S. s's, coupon 11 37y 2 j
CHICAGO MABKKTS.
I CHICAGO, It.i,, May 6— Trading in rrovislons
! to-day was rather light but prices opened lii.'her.
I owing to better grain marKets and a stronger an 1
I active market for live ho?s. The leading packers
were the principal buyers and the spot demand
was fairly active. The close was steady at the ad
vance.
WHEAT- 9:30 iO:00 10:30 11:00 11:30
Slay 707/ 8 707/ 713,'
July 695, i 70y 8 70y 8 707/ 8 73s/ 8
I beptember 685/ 8 667/ b'67/ 8 67i/j, 68
11!:00 12: M) 1:00 1:15
1 May 72V 71% 713/ i 721/4
July 71% 711/ i 7iy 71%
!-ep:ember tBV* 68 67% 6814
I December b9*,i.
CORN— May, 23% c: July. 24% c.
OATS— 17c; July, l 7i /2 @17%c.
EARI.EY-25@33c
FLAX-77C.
TIMOTHY— S2 90.
Prorlnce.
POKK-May, $8 60; July. »8 62 1*.
LAKD— May, $4; July. $407.
RIBS-May. $4 65; July, $4 65.
BfTTKK- Western, 15c. Receipts 4700 tubs.
j Eij(i»- Western, B%c. Receipts 11,900 cases.
Livestock.
HOGS-Llght, *: j 80@4: mixed. $3 80(S3 97%;
heavy. $3 50@3 92y«: rough. $3 60@3 65. Ite
! celpts 25,000. Packers houglit 20.100, shippers
6000. hstiniHted receips for to-morrow 19.000.
CATTLE— $3 75@5 cows and lielf
-1 ers. $1 90@4 35; Texas steers. $:< 20<#< 00: stock
j ersand feeders. $3 45@4 40. ll.ceipts 7500. JEstl
! mate.l receipts for to-morrow 3000.
I SHEEP— Steady. Receipts 11,000.
FOKEIuN MAItKETS.
London.
LONDON, Ens., May 6—Consols, 112 9-16;
silver, 28d ; French rentes, 103f 10c.
Liverpool.
WHEAT - Firm. No. 1 standard California
wheat, 30s 9d : cargoes oil coast, firm cargoes on
passage, rather firmer partlaily 3.1 higher; y.nit
lish country inarke:s. dull: Frpncb couutrv ninr
kels, steady: wheat iv i'aris, firm; Uour In i'arls
firm.
COTTON-Uplands, 4 7-32 d.
H'tlrei
1 he I'roduce Exchange cable elves the following
Llverrool quotations for No. 2 Ked Winter: May,
Ss 10»4d: July, 5s lli' September, bi lOd.
KXCJJANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days _ 1(487
Sterling hxchange, 3ight "_ 4 FBi/s
Sterling Cables _ 489
New York F.xcbauge, sight — 10
New York Kxcnange, telegraphic. — 12Vi
line silver, per ounce ;■■;; — > t>i
Mexican Liollars 491^ »>0
YESTERDAY 1 * WIIKAT MARKET.
The following resume of the wheat market is
furnished by K. A. Bresse, grainbroker, 412 Pine
street.
San- Ibancisco, May 6, 1897.
Chicago.
Liverpool cables opened 141 higher. French
marktti were 35 centimes lower for wheat at the
start. The favorab'e conditions of Liverpool were
offset by thn weakness in French markets. At
the opealnc the disposition seemed tame: the
shorti we:e Inclined to await crop reports from
Califo:nl v and the Northwest.
About ten minutes after the opening brokers
: wl;h CalUornlan and Northwestern connections
; began receiving discouraging reports from these
! Rpctions, ncrompanitd by Kood buying order.
I This star the loc-tl crowa to buying. <JfrVrtng<
i w-re extreme*, liiht July started at (ii'. r . M ni
: 69s,ic and anvanced to 71*4.0 Sellin? by longs to
| take profits caned a reaction of 1 cent. At the
decline good buying aopeared Hcaln. resuitm* in
| an advance of 34c, or V* ' from the top price of the
day.-
The demand for spot wheat was gooi through
< out the Bfbslon. The difference between May and
j July was kept »t »/ 4 c in favor of May. Miniieap
! t'lls millers reported flour in good demand, with
j prices hardening Stocks of wheat in Minneap
j oils, toib public and privato elevaiors. are 8.000,-
I Ooti bushels lest than one year ago a::d nearly
; 1 ,OOJ,OOO bushels less than the year previous.
; Stocks in elevators throughout Minnesota and the
; Dakoas are about one hxlf leM than last year.
j Five hundred thousand btuheli Of wheat now li«,<i
; in stcr« In Minneapolis hnv- been sold to Interior
j m Hers and will go forwaid imuie'liately.
A movement is o i foot to change contract
i grades, making (in.y So. 2 red ami o. 1 hard
I hea- deliver«bie on Board of Trade contra>ts.
■ If this rule is carried it will not go Into effect until
| tober 1 next
French and Russian crop reports received more
than ordlnnry attention, both reported unset. led
weather with condit ons jrradinlK- gruwing worse.
Liverpool closed Id higher, French markets 35
centimes higher.
San Francisco.
In anticipation of rain considerable short sailing
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, FIUUAr, MA¥ 7, l»i>T.
of wheat has taken p ace In the l.ical mp.r^etdur
in!; the p.ist lew Oays. ihe weather clerk held
out slizht Hiicouragemeni. ami the crowd went
home last evening exi>e ting rain d Ji'tn? the night
and to-day. Tueir hopes van shed tnis mornin;
when they, awakened, to si c the sun.l«ht A
small trace o! rain ia and about San Francisco was
the Mini and total of pre. tpiia.lo'i. -
Heports irom (he >an Joaquin and Sacramento
valleys were discouraging. The weather wmc:ear
ami dry. he infora.ai session was one of the
wildest excitemen . Wheat wa* wanted and
wanted badly Af;er spurring for n minute or two
after the gonz sounded actual business began.
122% was asked for December and quickly taken.
During ihe next 5 minutes 124@124 1 4 was the
ruling price. The highest ptice during the fore- '
noon was reached on the 1 1 :15 session, when De
cember advanced to 1253/8- Hi:her cabes and
1 astern markets co .tribu ed to the strength. The
main factor wai dry weather.
2 P. SI. Session.
The bull feeling of the mornine continued dur-.
Ing the afternoon, lhe Weather Bureau gave no
encoumg-nient lor r.un. Good buying of wheat
resulted with 126 1 bid for large blocks of Decem
ber.
The sessioi left, eff in a most excltea condition.
Unless weather eruditions Improve a most inter
esilng time is anticipated for to-morrow. -
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHKAT ANL* OTHKU GEAINS.
WHEAT— There was a sharp rise of several
cents in futures, due to higher prices at Chicago
and Liverpool, Spot quotations also showed im
provement. The shipping demand Is still slack.
Quoted at $1 26®1 30 lor common grades, $1 36
for average No. 1, tl 37% lor choice and $1 40@
1 45 lor extra choice* niil;ing; f-onora, $1 3-Vg
<&l 86 for No. 1 and «1 37 V2SH 40 for milling.
CALL BOARD SALKS.
InfokmaTj Skssiox— 9:ls o'clock— December—
20t0 c;is, $1 22yi. 2UOO, $1 225/ 8 : 2UOO, $1 22%:
VOOO SI 23; 12....0, $1 23Vi: .4,000 $1 2*s 8 ;
10,000, $1 23%: 4UOO, SI 2.!% 4000, $1 23% :
72,000, Jtl 24V4i 2000, $1 '-'43' g . LUUO, $1 24l/ 8 ;
10.01:0, *1 24; 1..00 J. $1 23%.
skconij Skssion— December— Booo ctls, $1 24;
14,000. $1283^; 40 0, $1 23%.
'Kkgulab .Morninh Skssion — December —
2000 ctls, ?! i.4l/ 8 : 2UOO, $1 241/ : 2000. $1 243/ 8 ;
4000, $ 24%; 4000, $1 24»/* 44,000, $1 24%;
10,000. $1 25y 8 ; 00t>, $1 25.
aftkkxocin Sksshot— December— lo,ooo ctls,
$1 25V-: lz.oou. $1 s<s%: ao.oi-o. *1 25%; '-000,
$1 25%; 0000. $1 2G; 10.00J, $1 2t>y 8 .
BAKLEY-Quotalions an> lira). FeeJ, 70@
72% c: choice bright, 76c $ ctl; Hrewlug, 80@86c.
CALL HOARD BALKS.
Jntormat, skhsion— 9:15 o'clock— December—
2000 rtis, 753^0.
BKCOND December— lo,ooo ctls. 75V3<".
My— 4loo. .s' i>c. "2000. /8 c. spot— 2oUo, 75c.
liKcHi.AR JVluKNixu Session— Decemt>er— 2Uoo
ctls. 76c.
Afternoon BxssiOK — December — 2000 ctls,
76c.
OATS— Fancy Puget Sound, $1 30@l 40 «A ctl;
good tocho;ce,*l l - jy s ®l 25; ''oinruou, $I@l 07V2
- uuli sea at $I@2 fi ton over the raw
product.
COKN—stocksof domestic product are l'.Ktat. but
Imports of Eastern have been resumed and are
expected in a few d.ivg. J^irge Yellow, $I@l 05:
Miiiill Hound do, $I@l oi%i White, B*>@B7V 2 c
T- ctl.
RYE— Stocks are niodTaie and the market Is
steady but lull a: 77i>ra8'JV3C 3 cU.
BLIKW'iIKA.— Is nominal at about $1 25®
1 40 •£ ctl.
FLOUR AM) JIILLSTUFFS.
FI.OUK— Net lasli prices are: Family extras,
$175@4 H5: Bakers' extras. $4 50@4 65: Super
fine, $i@i 35 t* bbl.
COKN.MKAL. ETC, — Feed Corn, $19@21;
Cracked Corn, $23 «* ton.
MILLsTCFFs— Prices in sacks are as follows,
usual discount ro tbe trade; Crabam Flour, $2 85
?* 100 n>s: r.ye Flour. $2 50 H« 100; Kice Flour,
Sr.'. 7.".: Cornmeal, $2t<&2 2b: extra cream do. J2 75,
tlatmeul, $a 50; Uat Groats, f4: Hominy, $H iO^
3 3J; uuckwheat Flour. $3 25@3 50; Cracked
Wheat, *3 50; Farina, ?4; Whole Wheat Flour,
*;■(: Kolled Oats (bbis). f4 75@5 IS: Pearl Barley.
S3 70(54. »plu Ft-u.i, $3 50: Uraen do, $4 JO '«* 100
lbs.
HAY AM> FKEUSTUFFS.
Two cars fair new Wild Oat Hay sold at $6 50:
caoice mould brine $7. Brau and .Middlings are
firm.
15KAN— 5143114 50 for the best and $13313 50
%• ton lor out-ide brands.
iIIDI)LI.N(SS— SI7 50(^1H50 for lower grados
and $i9@2 0 %4 ion lor the best-
FEKDsTUFKl — Kolled Barley, «16@17 V ton:
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $'-'6 60 i* ton; jobbing,
27 50.
i HAY— Wheat, $8@lf) 50; Wheat and Oat, $7®
10; Oat, $Gf<tH 60: Barley, f6 60@8; Alfalfa. f(J
@7 60: compressed, *ti(a9 50; mock, 9=53(3; Clo
vrr. $6(gß t* ton.
BTKAVV— 2SaSOo * bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS— Bayos quoted a*. $1 60@l 80; Rtnall
Wnites, $l@l 20 per ctl; l.ar>;e Wnites, $I@l 10
V ctl; Pink*. $I@l 10; Beds $1 10@l 30: Black
eye, $1 4 s©l i 5; Ked Kidney, nominal: Li
mas. f 1 40@l 60; Butters, $1 25@1 50; Pea, *l
@1 25.
sEKDS-Brown Mustard, $2 50(32 75: Yellow
Mustaid, *1 50 ?i ctl; Flax. $1 f>o fi ctl: Canary
Se«-d, 194*2140 » Jb: Alfalfa, 6Vic; Kape, 2%9
'^3 /4 c; H'einp, 3c; 'limotli.v. 4%c.
DRIED Pi^AS— MK-3, nominal; (ireen, «1 30®
1 60 V. ctl.
I POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
! The canuers louKht Peas at 25c V sack. Old
I Potatoes are firmer. Arrival of 700 crates Aus
tralian Onions, which will be offered to-Jay.
POTATCKS— New Potatoes. 3^^]l/ 4 r Tfr Ib;
sweet Poiatne>--, $1 80@l 75 ?* ri\ : Karly Hose, 5 4
66c V ctl; Kiver UeUs, 60@60c: Burb»nW Seed
lings, 4U(a'<sc If* ctl for Klvers and 50@66c for
Pe.a'.nmas; Oregon Burbankg. 60@.85c.
ONIONS— Kcili. 5' ©90c t^ sa^k.
VKUKTABLES- Kecelnts were 766 boxes As
paragus, 560 boxes Khubarb. 1520 sacks Peas and
10 .=acks Beans.
I>os Atueies Summ-r Squash, $1 50^ sack;
Hothouse Cucumbers are quotable at 60c@$l V
dozen; Aspariwus, 75c@?l 25 TR box for common,
$1 ftO'gll 75 forchoict- aud *20u2 25 t» lix for fancy:
Khubarb, 20@50c ior orlmary and 60(^75c for
choice laree: Marrowfat hqnash. ft@7 V ton;
Dried Peppers, 6@Bc %t ft>: Green lVpper«, 25c
'f. Jb: Mexican Tomatoes, $252 25 V box; Green
leas, 25(c.4 t* sk for common and 60@78c for
Gardfii; >inns Beans 6310 c "¥ 1b: Hors- Beans,
50@60c %< sacK ; I'rieM Okra, B@9c » Jb; Cabbage,
75i'($85c ctl; Carrots, 25@dOc ~<fr sk; Garlic, l^j
(g,'2c Ib.
IJUTTKR, CHEESE AND EOCJ.
Kpt;s are bigner again. £utter Is firm and sales
of Creamery at l!>c are reported.
BU'JTKB-
Creamkry— Fancy creameries, 14c; seconds,
12Vo@13c> tb.
Ij'aiby— Choice to fancy, 12@13c; lower grades,
B@llc.
J'icklid- 13y 2 @l4V cl* Ib for new. . .
Kiukin— IHV (aI4V 2 c t> It) for new.
CrkaMKRY Tub— New, 14@14V2C t< lb.
CIIEKWK— Choice mild new, oV2«t7c * tb: com
aion to good, 6yo@»6c: Cream Cheddar, 10@llc:
Younr America, 7(aibc: Western, lie; Eastern, 13
@lbc %> lb.
KGoS-ilanoh Kggs. 12%®1»c; store Esss, 11©
12c doz; Duck Eggs, lV<sl2V&c
I'OLLTKV ANU GA3IE.
POITITKV-A car of r astern soil at 13c for
Turkeys $3 25 for Ducks, $5 2."><iCs f>o for liens,
$8 50 for youug Koosters and $4 50 for o:a Itoost
ers.
Local stock is rather weaker.
Live Turkeys.ll@l2V2C for Gobblers. llfiSl 3c for
Hens: Geese %> pair. *1 Xb</&1 SU: Ducks, $3 : oi§4
forold and $5 50@7 tor young; Hens. $3 50@4 SO:
Koosters, young. .ft! 50®7 &0: do, old, *.i So^£4 26;
Fryers, f5 i,0(aB: Broilers, S>@s f>o for large una
$2 Vsfg3 50 tor small: Pisenns, *1 50(^,1 76 t*. doz
for young and $1 Bo@2 for old.
G AM X— Hare, uoiuinal: Kabbits. nominal.
DECIDUOUS A>'D CITRCS FRUITS.
Keceipts were 736 chests Strawberries and 315
boxes herries.
Blackberries from LOl Angeles brought 20c Ifi
basket.
1 btr.tubirries showed no further decline, but
Cherries were lower.
Choice Oranges are firm, but common s'.ock is
weaker.
DKCIDUODS FRUITS—
Strawberries, $3@4 ft chest for large and $'S DO®
5 for RinMl.
Gooseberries, 35@50c ft drawer.
Apples. : l(g)-' irt box.
CMrrtM, S6O7ftc \i box for white and red and
75c@»l 75 for olac».
Cl IKUS FKUITS— NaveI Oranges are quotable,
at *;ifti4 >■, box for choice to fancy ani $1 Vs(a}'i
ty box'for common; Seedlings, 7&c(g)sl 'J5 f> box;
Mt-diterrr.nean Sweets. Sl(£j)'J %4 box: Lemons,
7&c@sl 26 lor common and $1 50@2 25 for
Food to choice; Mexican Limes,' if cia ■. 50 %4 b>x:
Bananas, $I@2 r bunch: l'ineapples, -$2(^l r' doz.
DKIKI> KilUns, KAI^INS, NUTS, KTC.
The Kastern markets for BaUlns and Dried
Fruits are firmer, but no higher. The local dt
ui.iii il seems 10 b- Improving.
IiKIKl) FRl'.irs— Quotation* nre a3 follows:
readies. 4i,j@6c ■{♦ Ib; fancy, 6Va Tfr B>; peeleJ,
Cfollc; Apricots, ti@Bc; • Moorparks. 10@12c;
evaporated App'e*, .'®JVaC: sun-dried, i.@Hc;
I'runes. "2 V>©3c for the 4 sizes; white figs, 3c;
I'ltims, 4ftS4V»c for 1 ltted and ltaiy^c for unp.t
led: Nectarines. 3V^@sV^c^ tb for piime to fancy:
Pears s (ai4c for wliole, 2^@&c lor quarters and
£@<c for halves.
KAISINB—
Four-crown, loose. 5 /ic; 3-crown. 4i/4c; 2-crown,
? S B'' . P tb; seed ess snltanns, 5gt5V2C: seedless
Muscatels. 4y c; 3-crown London layers, *I@l '^5;
clusiers, $1 50; Dehesa clusters, *_ bO; Imperial
clusters, $2 50: dried grapes out.
MJTS— Chestnut!) quotable at 8@10c: Walnu's,
6'/iS7c f* Si for standard and ttg£9y 2 c Vlb for
softshell: Almonds, 6<3it>y : c for Languedoc, b@
3Vjc for hardshell and B@9c ¥ Ib fur papersheli;
Pe«nnis, 4(0.6c ft tb Jor K.nstern imd 4c for Cali
fornia: Hickory Nuts, ; rdtSc V Ib; P«-can-<. 7V"'*
8c %1 tl>: lllbens, 7i/2<3Bc; Brazil Nuta, 7y ®ttc:
oan.its >'i^.."i 5« t> lull.
Hu.VhY- Comb. lo@l2Vi lor bright and s©9c
tor lower gra<le<; water-white '-xtracted, b<&sy 2 c.;
If-lit amtirr extracted, 4V;(gi4»4c; daric umu-r.
4ra.4V c; dark, 'J@Xc ft Ib. '■ "
BKKa\VAX-22@25c fl Ib.
PKOVISIONS.
CCRED MKATS— Bacon. 7y a c Tf. Ib forheavr. He
"i* tb for light medium, ttc tur llzht. 10c * tb
for extra lisht and 12c «4 Ib for supar cured. . Kas*.
ern sugar-cured Hams. I2J/ c 1* 1b; California
Hams. lie y Ib; M«si Be«J, »9 ? bbl: extra
mess do, $9 60; family ao, »10@l0 50; extra
rrlme Pork, $8 60:' extra clear. $14 H bbl; mess,
*ivi %t bbi; smo,*ed Bee?, 10c %* Ib.
L itl>— Eaitern tierces are quotod at 6%c for
compound ana Hi/fee lor pure; pails. . 7c; Cal
ifornia tierces, 4y c for compound and .''Vie for
r.ure: half-bbls, tiVa 1 " 10-Ib tins, 7c; 110 5-Ib 7V*c.
COTToLENt— oc in ueicea aud 7»/i@BysC in
10- lb tins.
UIDKS, TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND BJCIKS— UoIIa and brands sell lc
under sound stock, Heavy salted steers, 8c: me
dium, 7c f, lb; light, 6y @7c: Cowhides. 6y»@7c;
Slates, 6c: salted Ktp. 6a.7c f* lb: .s:iKed Calf, 7(.ajßc:
salt<Hl V>al f@7c; dry Hides. l^ViOlSc; culls anJ
Drands. 9Vs(S(IUc & lb: dry Kip aud Veal, 8@10c;
dry Calt. i6c; culls, 10c; Goatskins, 20@35ceach;
Kids, sc; Deerskins, good summer. 25c %* lb;
medium, 20c: winter, 10c; Mieepskim, -'shear
liugs, 10(4T_'0c each: short wool, 2f>@4oc each;
medium. 40(5)50c each; long wool', 50<@75c <'acn:
TALLOW— Xo. 1, rendered, 2-T4@3c '«4 tt>; Sa 2,
3 c; renned. sc; Urer.se, -c %< lb.
WOOL — »prln£ clip: . ilountain, ll@l3c
lb: I-'oottiill, 10@12V"C: t-an Joaquin, year's clip,
7<jj.lOc; 00, seven months, Sgllc lb; .Nevudas,
•j(£l-2i; t c; l-.ast.erii Oregon, 7®loc. „•,, 'tr~,:
HOPs-6iatc lor fair to choice and 9©loc «i U>
for fancy. , Contracts are being drawn at 10c for
new Orepousaud 7@9c for new Washinjtons.
GKN'IiKAL HCHAXDISJS.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bass, spot, sc; June, Be;
July, 6c: h;.n Uii-ntin, *5 4u: Wool Bags. 24@127c.
COAl— Wellingon, $8: New Wellington. 18:
*outhllelrt WelliDßton, 97 60; fcenttle, $5 50:
Bryant, $5 50; Coos tiny, $4 75; Wallsend, $7
V ion; Cumberland. $13 50 V> ton in bulk and $15
lv sacks: Pennsylvania, Anthracite Egg, $ll(a>12 $
ton; Anthracite, $B@lo Cannel, $8 f4 ion:
i ock spr.ngs, Castle Gate anil I'leasant Valley,
17 bO: Coke. $llfdU2 in bulk ami S- 13 14 ton Insks.
COKDAGE— jirlu-A for 10,U00-lb invoices are:
li/i inch Manila, 6%c; do S' 3ll1 ' Sc : 12-thrpad
Jlanlla. 714 c: do Sis'a', 5V4c: 6 and 9 thre..U Ma
nila, 7»/ic; do Sisal, 6c; 15ale Kopo (3 and 4
Birand), Manila, o^ic; d" >i*al. 6c; Bale Kope (2,
6 Mnd Bstrimd), Manila. 7 1 /*c do isal 6y 3 c j* lb.
ICKMLVEK-ls hls;lier at $40 60 $ llaslc
for locai .i itihi trade. ■ ■
fii KMIC a ; S— California Sal Soda has been
raised 5c %^ 100 tt>s. while Chloride of Lime Is re
ducd V4C.
SUGAR- The Western sugar Keflnlne Company
quotes, terms net cash: v. uhe and Crushed and Fine
LTusued, be; Powdered, 6%c; Dry Granulated,
8 c: Confectioners' A, 47/ g c: Magnolia A, 4Vic;
Kxtra (', 43/ c: Golden «-, 41/4 C: Candy Urunulated,
6c; hall barrels 14c aioro man barrels, aud boxes
',2C mom.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
.
Wholesale rates for dresaed stoclc from slaugh
terers are as follows:
BKEF— FiMt quality. sV»®6c; second do, 6c;
third do, 4@4y 2 c «4 lb.
VEAL— Larg.-, s®6c: small, 6@7c |4 lb.
MUTTON— Wether., 5'<S5V'2C; Ewes, 4@sc Tfr lb.
LAMB— .Spring, 6@6V2 C r H).
J'OKK— Live Ho;s, 3V*fa>i>s/ 8 c for lar?e and 3y 3
@!)%c for small and medium; soft Hogs, 2S4@3c;
dressed dO, s®dc,
KlfiVlklfXd OF t'KOUUCIfi.
rrn '■ 4 HOUiw.
Monr. or R1t».... 8,728 fcuiter. ctli...^. 6'J5
heat. ctl^ .... l,:-175 : Cheeie, cv»....« 176
Farley. ctli..._. 11,700 ; Krji, aos — 23,3b0
Leans. sks "J93 Hidov no „ 305
1 otatoes, Hi 1,455 Peltj. odd 310
Unions, s'.:j 69J< Wld9. dai5...... » 44,400
Jiay. tuns _ 360 Wool, 013 „. 196
Straw, tons. i< i.ciuiier. r01n... 39
hiuii. ait* 1.6-0 I.nniber. M. r«jji. 30
Middlings, aicv.. 801 j Lime, uols » 324
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks continued to decline, and Con.
Cal. and Va. sold down to $1 95 and Ophlr to
The Segregated Belcher an I Midoi Consolidated
asst ssment of 5 cents per share will be delinquent
In the boards to-day.
'I ho delinquent assessment sale of the Confi
dence will be held to-day.
i'or the mouth of Ap il the mining, milling and
other coruorations on and around in- C\ niß*.<ck
paid $3&.703 for labor as follows: Ilale & Nor
cr. ss (es'.imHted) $1300, Andes *9uo. Con. Cal.
hikl Va. $10,408, Mexican $1705 50, Ophlr
$J2O:-i £.0. ilesl ct Pelcln-r $2308, (jould <fe Curry
$818 lia Sli'zy, Itah *4,-f3 Occidental (es'.i
niated) $1500, l'runswick x\ lorntion Company
$6940 50, Crown Point $1555 otj. Yellow Jark. t
91753, • ontidenc- #603, Challenee $228, Helrhei
-82898, Impprtal $173, savuse $3484, Knllion $926,
i lioll. r .t8421, 1 o osi $I»7U i;nion (Shaft S2;-oi,
.- ierra N«-vaJa $706, Alphus7lts, overman (esti
mated) $10 0, Caledonia < .e<:iiii ited) $500, Ne
vadit mill &SSO 75. Tlie ag;;ret;ate of the April
payrolls was ifnOOO larger than that, ot March.
In the >av»K«* mine the usual progress was made
in the var.ous openings on the 500. 750 and 850
levels, where operations are now bei.ig conducted.
An upraise lia» been s.an>d in the old boulh iinft
on the 850 level at a point SiS feei from th" west
drift, and material Kivinff fair assays Is beinß en
countered li the top. On the Brunswick lode at
shaft 1 taey are still e:ig«ged in putting in a
larger boiler for the hoisting engine. This work
will be tinislml in a few days.
Tlu> joint Confidence. Cha'.itnse Consolidated
and Consolidated Imperial west crosscut 1 from
the surface tunnel is out 1140 fee:, having been
advanced 20 feet for the week. The face shows
porphyry.
In the Crown Pom; mine, west crosscut No. 8,
started last ween fr.'in the eid of the south
drift of ihe seventh (lour of tte 800 level raise. U
now out 31 feet, having been ex ended 17 feet
line- last repjrt; the fa^e is in porphyry and low
grude (iu;iriz. tin tin- 600 level they have been
saving some pay ore from tiio foot of the raise
from i lie southwest drift and hi.ye worked two
sets i" ihe south. They continued raising on the
morning ot Hi- i.li instant.
The join! Yellow .lacKei, Crown Po;nt and Ken
tu t i unsoi dated diht from the Yellow Jacket
hhatt n:i tne ••■ianebrush" ievel is out 410 feet, 30
feet having be n adued du r ing the ivck,
Tne .\ i«id of the Belci or mino lor ihe past week
amounte) t ■ 76 mining carloads of ore, the avur
age assay value ofwhtcu w.is (V'S UU per ton.
The yield of the Overman mine fortliepast wee*
amounted to 7 mining carloads ol ore, the average
aaiay valu ■of which was $38 18 per ton. lhe ore
was extrac.ed trom Ihe nor. h drif ion tlie 900
level. Ihe ore seams continue about the same as
report el iieretoiore.
The Morning S;ar Mining company has de
clared v dividend of 's i per share, uuyable ini
mediiiely.
'1 he ivunsylvania Mining Company of Nevada
County has declare 1 a dividend of 5 touts per
share, payable now.
The G win Mine .Development Company, which
is working Hie t.wln mine four milej southwest of
Mokclumne iiil, In Calaver s County, nas just
paid iis lirst dividend of $6000 for March.
The sugar slocks reacte I yesterday, Hawaiian
selling up lo $11 50 and Hu;chiuson up to $19 25.
HUAiil) BALKS.
rrllowlae were tbe t*..«« lv the Ban Francisco
Merle Poard yesterday:
REGULAR MORKINn KKSSIOV. rnVTSdCVCINU 9:30.
10J Cnoir 83 300 0cc1dt1....18,40J 8Nev.....61 '
200 CC<fcV..2.ls 10U 0p1i1r... 1.05 400 62 ]
10J i.otitt ...1.3t SUJ 0vrmn....05> 30 Union U...30
•JJU Mile. 4: OJ Potosl OVijsob 26
300 4. I
a*"TKiinoon BKBSIOV — 2 :H7.
100 Andes 24 *U0 CC&V. .a.O6 200 Savage.... 2o
5 i ii&U b4 JOO U k U 31 100 21
100 63 lUL» Ophlr 9: 10J --> N.-V....51
lOOCaleda.... i&llOO Occill It, 100 Ktrlrtl... 1.50
50 H lUJ Uvrmn.... 25U Uiit0u....24
i:00 ClH>llar...bl.'|Ko l'otosl t>I 'JJJ »J»0*«..31
Fcllowliik werj P>» «" in the i'acliic biock
lcaid yesterday:
BEruTi,«[ (tF«BTov— TVirj.
300 Alpb» C9i15«l cC'<tV...2.lo.'Joi) Mexcn....44 ;
2DO A1ta....:.071tjU0... .._..2.07y2 ! fOOOccld 17
25J Andes 2&|cttJ ;...V.u.. 10 > ODtilr... |
Sit) helcn«r....;-.fc fill) 2.02V21-WO 1.00 1
bOi 1.&B 1200 2 OoMUO 88 1
l<;00 6j I.«J » orm ...J.2i 550.......1.021/2
40.1 J ulhon. tOO C ST. ..O'JSUU Uvrmn lij
BOIJ Ca!eiSa....l, dO > C 1'0tn:...3a 4U I'orosi 61)
■10J CtiullKe....-.( 4jO KxchQr...u:- -'v 1 fc»va*e.... 10
•JOl) 3?|3OJ t>dci 31 rtOt) 20 I
7U'J Cliotr.. ..Bi'loo H.sN b2 JOO ....„ Jl
400 7b 600 Julia (M'ii'.U o Kev._...81
100 7t .00 KeutcK....O6 5U11111...
500 «l 700 L WaaU.. 01I20J union... 25
150CCV.2.»2y 02|300 Ulah Uj
21&0 2.2OliJOMex 4t>'liO«i i- j«CJki..3:<
450 2.16600 46|-iOO 31 I
200 '/i-a 1 I
*>iiHNoojr (WBBIOW— 2:.'«T
SnO'Atnb* 09 200 CCV..2.071/, > »o 0c0d......10
400 Alta, 0: 700 .........2.0 .00 ....„ 17 |
200 ADdu(.....:4 100 2.021^1 lOJ 0vrmn....05 |
30J B«lch«r. UOO a.O«/UOO f oiosi 62 1
■M J bdcß tii 3UJ lr»ui'i..;n .-.OJ B»T«ge. .22 i
7UJ ttbUillJ UiSiO 31JJ0J 3 .\Y 5.1 !
SOO 8u11i0n... .05', 50 HAN 84i 6J 51nrd...1.65 I
-OJ Cn11uee...37 200 Mexican. 44 : 3UJ Uu10u.....23 i
950 Cliullar...H.. >' 0 N v Uu--.f1G.20J 1 JU* 31
50 C0ni1.... 250 Oi>Uir...l.oo|
, — , — 
ci-osj.>u ijVO'i'AXIOSS,
THUKiDAY, May 6-4 p. m.
Jlfi.At't,!.. JUlft. .<,**«.
AiphaCou (18 1 < .'all* m 04 05
All*. 06 07 Justice...'....^ 03 04
Andes. 24 25 Kemncfc....^ 04 05
Kelchnr 3B 8^ Mexican 42 43
! ■••■ ,'...•: -:i>.- 6*2 iij Nevada uaeea. — 16 i
beuion vJoa.. . 10 — DccldeniaL.... IB 17 1
i.ni;.«..i 05 06| ipulr 9i) l.ou '
laledoula, 14 1. uvtrmno U5 otj
Cnollar (-0 81 I oiosL ....... 51 6'i i
uou.CaldkVa... 2.05 2.lo|>»v»Ke. ....^ 20 21 !
Cnallenaa Oox 37 3i -corpion. — (4 ]
Con. lrupert*. ol l)i iec. belcliae... 04 06 I
Ccnndence.... 1.-5 1.30 ilver Hi 11.... 01 13
lou.New Vor< — th -lerra .Nav-U* 51 52
Crown Point... 34 36 tandard .;.... • — 1.65
i-.u»i,3.»)rra.'<j/ — |. s -yndical*. — — L 3
fcorekaUou._ _•' 10 . niououu.,... VI ' 2fe
n.xct»euuec .... 02 04 twu u6 ttt
obUiu<Kcurrr. <jx ite iviiu* j*u*4* -3U 31
likittkAoicrs. 82 8i
fcXUCK AKili BOND iSXCHANGB.
THURSDAY, May 6-2 p. m.
tJKITKU bTAi'ha XlOiiDS. '
Jiirt.^ikea. "BUM. AtkeA.
r P*t eon».ll2Va — 0 t45rei...109 11UV4
lone* ibsueJv.s —
MiM'KUASKnn BON'DI.
C»I-gtCbl»«5». 112 — OaltGasSi.. - JOt
lalKlecL6« —130 Lo 2U U 55.. 107 >/4'oß
CntraC; W - .. »oV» DmuibuiOs.. li'o» l22V
liptii-stRX-cp — 10l» I'&OHytit. - . U.i
>.dsn JUtl' iii - 128 - I'ACU Ky 6s. 100^10.%
>^CHUKUsIO6Vb - Uvvl-sc KK8»11J )Id
(iearv-st U6j - 100 l-.*no, WlxtL. — loi "
H sV*i».loo — b'actoPAL. - 10U
Lo.iaiikL6i 92VslOU i"F&NPK6i. lO'ii.ilti'JVb
lH>Unteed 8» — - t»H tPKKArIsSi 92V« 94
SI Kt-stCble6sl-J3V 124"4 bPBKCoIJt. 107 li.hi.4
DoKyCon bs. 106 — ' . Hl'RKlalOi. 86 ■ —
NatVin6»lst — jOO sPBrRC'AI6j. ili;0
NevUNitß7«. — ,-' 105JA SV Water tfi.llHi^ — •
N KyCal Ua.ll/4 — V Water IOOV2 —
M;yc«u i>». — - biktnU*J£J» 1 /3 100.. 3
■" .'. ■ ■ -■ - . ■ ' ■ -i
. **T»a BTorsi-
Contra Costa 34 36 |-»pri« Vsllay 97ty 8 98
MariiiCo..... 60 14 I •--;;'
tiSAXII KLKOTRT- >TO»n
Capital. - . 3U IPaclflo Llatr, — 51
Central. 98V, • - Is GAKlec. 138/s ! 3/4
11 Klec i.igo. 93. 10 -fnnFri»nc*co -3 a 2$' 8
UaKULiH — 54y ,-i.otJtlou. . 13 —
Itc i'U Imp 9J ;•_ I
■ insi;kanc;«: rrocKt.
Flreman'sFdlbO .182 |.. „
ODIINK.I..t, MAVT •T't-IC*-
Anclo-Cal ... 60 — First Nation! l^l .'9O
Bantof CaL.2^B 240 '..ondonPcSA. 127i/jl3l
UUSD&TCo — 107 JdercftKx.. . 131 —
•KV'lXu- 'ASK BTO-C4.
RerS&LCo..l34o 1400 ISav&Loan.. — 101
MombS&L.liOJ — ssecarltjr 250 800
Mutual 38 40 UulOU Tliul.3 95 - 950
tts»v Umoa449 —
Ml. r KAII.BOAn STOCIM.
California.... 10 5, 8 — jOaltSL&Ha/ _ 100
Oeary-5t....- ir'B — il'realdio 4 —
M*mei-a1.... -.31/2 i 33/4
.... - ktocki.
Atlantlen... in 17 lUlantCoo,... 291,4 30
California.... 80 110 Vlgoriu — 50c
Kaileml).... 80 S5 |
v ; ■--: !.'•;- »n— > -?,r ,v.r.,rr, •—- »—<t».
AiamcaritM. IOOV&1OIV2 Nat Vln Co.. — IV%
Uer Lead Co. 100 140 | ceanlcS9Uo — S3
Hawc<tsca. lli/s I'ac aux Jb' a. 2 3
lluinnl' ,j 19 J9'/3 I'acßoraxCa 99 —
JUerfc.xAs.su.. 90 — jParf P*lntUo U 7
EAL£S-UUBM.SU SlLaaiO*
Hoard—
40 Alaska Packer*' Association. 100 25
20 do do 100 50
50 Contra Costa Water 35 00
50 Uuicnlnson P Co. ._ 18 Oil
25 do do 18 50
15 Hawaiian Commercial.. 10 50
175 do do 10 75
375 do ao 11 00
100 do do, s3O '. 1100
100 do do, aBU 10 87V 3
$3000 Market-st Xv Con 6% Bond 106 25
10 S KGas& Electric Co 93 50
$2000 SF &S P Rail way 80nd5........ 102 25
AFTICBNOOX SESSION.
Board —
100 Hawaiian Commercial 11 25
100 do ao _ 1150
89 Hutchlnson S P Co 19 00
150 do do - 19 V 5 !
10 do do, « 90 19 00
5 SFUas & Electric <"o t>3 62y 2
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Elkan Naumburg to Frederick Khler^, lot on
svv cc.rnpr of Oak anil Gough streets, S 30 by W
87 :b; 59500.
George V. nnd Susan 17 ill to Albert .1. Larson,
lot on W line of Octavto si reft, 75 S of Green, S
•J5, W 125:2 3-11, N 25, fc 125:5-11; «10
William X, Jost. admlnls r.itor, eic. (by Murraj T
V. Vandall, commissioner), to German Savings
and Loan Socl-tr, lot on 8 line of Golden Gate
avenue I4c> \V "of Octavia street, W 37:6 by S
137:6: $«57.
John and Klizabeth Bays to John J. Mehegan,
lot on S llneoj Pine street, 131:3 \V of Fillmore,
W 25 by S 127:6: $ 0
I.ucy A. C vVood to Ktta L. Wood, lot on S line
I of Twentieth (Nnpa) street, 100 X of Guerrero, E
i 25 by S 115; sift.
Hans and Christine Petersen to Thomas *'. Rle
ney. ot oi N line ot Twenty-second street, 305 W
of Noe, \V 35 Dy N 114: $10.
Hiierula Savings a:)d Loan Society to H^tiry L.
I Do'iner. lot on S line of Liberty street, 175 X Cf
I Castro, X 25 by ts 114; $9. 0
vv i liam C. spencer to John F. O'Donne'.l, lot on
I >" line of Twen:y-six:h street, 70 h. of San Jose
aventu, ) 20 by N 65 flO.
Piulip l.iuiii to Rebecca I. huh. lot on S line of
norland street, I P S : 1 0 Kof Sanchez, X 81:3, S
135:1. W 31:2. N 1.H7:2V 2 ; eiH.
Abraham Hnef to Felice Arata and Manro
I Tette, lot on N'W corner of Vail- jo aud San An-
I tonio (Sonoma) streets, 137:6 VV of Kearuy, \V
li»:fi by X 57:6: $10.
Andrew Howard and as attorney and William J.
j no>nrJ (by attorney) to William Howard, lo on
SK line of Natoina street, 122:6 S\V of Mary, SW
25 by SK 70 »10.
William Howard (by Peter J. Howard, attor
! ney) and Andrew Howard to William J. Howard,
lot on W line of Mary s'.reet, 235 >> W of Howard,
i N\V il) by sw 76:(3:* $10.
j .!. C Kued, L. Uiamat and James Patterson (ex-
I ecutors estate of Herman Jto.er) to James Kyan,
; lot on s line of Bryant street, 200 X of Sixth, X
75 by H 75; also personal property on above lot;
(11,800.
!•:. P. K. Troy to James Klliot*. lot on S line of
Lake street, 57:6 \V of Fourth avenue, W 25 by S
i 00: $10.
11. C. Campbell and T. B. Kent (trustees for
; J«m s P. Macklln) to San Fnncisco s^av n;s
Dnfon, lots 23 and 24, blocK B, Park II 111 Home
| scad Associaloj, trustees' dee-1: $1991.
J<-hri W. and Annie L. Wright to George J.
■ Smith, lots 1, 2 and 3, block 6 Syndicate's first
| addition to San Francisco: $10.
ALAMKDA COUNTY.
Ermine Lisun-r ((ireanwood), ))>• attorney, to
J Israel Hlock. lot on sw corner Telegraph avenue
I and . elger street, 554 by W 99:8, Oakland $10.
1 Centr.ti Land Company to W. H. Loomls, lot on
i S line of Thirty-third street, IHS X of West. B 100
I by X 40, block F, Map of Central Land '.'ompa
i nys pioperty, Oakland: $10.
-Mrs. L, K. llensler to Dr. Byron W. Haines, lots
14, 15. .Hani 39, block O.Broadway terrace,
Oak and Township; $10.
John (i. and Agnes M. A gar (trustees of the es
tate of Joseph .Macdonough) to Catharina Killes
i ban, lot on W line of Magnolia street, 201 Not
j Twelfth, S 30, W 133:3, N 30, X 133:3 to begin
j nin^, beinir block 675. Oaklanl: $10.
I Ueorse J. Even to Conradlne I . Evers, lot on S
i line of Lydia street, 100 E of West. X 24 by S 100,
! being portion of :ot 5, block X, Curtu <fc Williams
! Tno:. Oakland; gift.
; John It. (i!as<*ocK (trust?oof the estate of Wll
llnm H. (ilascock, and as attorney) and Mary A.
I liiow (by attorney) to Amy Cunningham, lo: on S
| line of Summer street. 167 E of second avenue,
| X 2." by s 134.60, being lot 28. map of fjlascock
an I Blow I'e.i.escai Trait, Oakland Township;
I $10.
i o. L. Rogers to Charles and I izzie Moehui. lot
| on NW corner of Kasrel avenue and Minturn
I street W 30 by N 100, block 56. map of property
! In vicinity of Knclnai station. Alameda: $10.
r-iiil'l ••!■>*■ Contracts.
| Sprng Valley Water Works wi:h Vermont Mar
i ble Company, marble work, etc., lor building on
sk corner of Gpmtv and Stockton streets, 813,970;
Cli.iton Day architect
same with Ca'.iforn a'Kleotrical Wo ki, electrical
i work f. r same, $5486; same architect.
F.dward BHrnott with J. C Ba-t^ett, all work for
a tw.i-story building on N line of Pa?e street. 81 :8
| W of Cole, $3150: J. Stanley architect
The tallest man in the British array is
Captain Oswald Ames, tie is captain in
the Second Life Guards, and stands well
over 6 feet 8 inches in lieieht.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
May, 1897.
SUJN. MOON ANli Tll>i£.
C'NITRn FTATK9 *'OAST AXD Oltnm'TtO PtTBTUT
Times a?«d Hkishts or Hish axd Low
: WaTKKS AT Jort POntT ENTRAVCW TO
tAJJ FRAXCI9CO KAT. PUBI-tSHKD by Orrt
till, AT3TUORITT OF THK bUPKRISTKN DKNT.
KoTt- hl;h ntit low v.-a:er« occu.- ai tn
City Front (Mlsaior.-stros; Wbarf) about twentr
nve minmoj laser iban v Fort I'oint: uio nei<ni
ot tide ts tli» sume at botn places.
May -189..
Friday, May 7.
Pnn rin«s f.o6|Moon rlsei
Sunsets 7.07|M00;i sets O.OOau
Sorx— In the above exposition of the tlflei the
oarly morning tides aro clven In the left hand
column, and the successive tide* of the day In tn»
order of occurrence as to time. The second time
column gives the second tide oC the day, the third
time column the third tide, ana the last or right
band column Rives the last tide of tho day, except
when tnere are but three ildes. as sometimes
tccurn. The heights given are additions to the
•oundinis on th« United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given is subtractlre
from the depth s'.ven by the «hart».
■in,' 'liino i;»n.
i'ea.nch Utdbookaphio officb, V. 9. n.
Mkrchasts' Exchanob V
t-AN FBAKCisoa May 6. 1897. )
The time ball on Telegrapn Hll. was dropped
exactly at noon to-dajr-L c.. at noon of the I2OtU
meridian, or exactly at Bf. v., r Te a S\^Jlf *
W. Hm rl UGH 808,
IJeotenant C. «■ N.. In ch»r«ft
Kr%tJUjt^A SiI.AJ» Jil
Date* of Pepurture *"rora Sun FrancUoo.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
SHIPPINU INTKLLIUKNCK.
Arrived.
■; .' THURSDAT. May 6
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander. 61 oours from
San Diego; pass and mdse, to Good all. Perkins A
Co.
Stmr Alameda, Van Oterendorp. '21 days 13
hours from Sydney,' via Honolulu 6 days 14 hours
and — mm; pass and mdse, to J D Spreckels A
Bros Co.
Stmr Point Arena, Johnson. 16 hours from
Mendocino, ets; pass ani mdse, to Mendoclno
Lumber Co. - ■•-'.--
Stmr Santa Cruz. J arisen, 4 days from Seattle;
482 tons cuu l. to Pa. irtc Coas' steamship Co.
Sinir Bristol, Mclntyre, 91 hours irom Comox:
2100 ions coal, 250 ions coke, to RDunsmulrA
Sons.
6tmr Wbltesboro, ■ Johnson, 15 boars from
Greenwood, bound south. I'ut in to laud passeu
sers.
Stmr National City, Andresen, *Z3 hours from
Kur«-Ka; liimo'-r. to (' A Hooper A Co.
Stmr Rival. Johnson, 2u hours from Fort
Bragg: lunioer. to order. Up rivei direct.
«tmr Greenwood, Faserlund. l.> nours from
Wunesboro: M ft lumber, to L E While Lum
ber Co.
Stmr Excelsior. Hlguns. 43 hours • from
ban ulego; pass and m ise, to C A Hooper A Co.
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson, 44 hours irom New
pon; oailait. io L E Wnite Lumber Co.
Stmr Geo Loomls, Brldgett, S3 hours from Ven
tura; USI7 bbls oil, 10 Union Oil Co. Up river di
rect.
Stmr Cbilkat. Dunham. 26 hours from Eel
Kiver; pass and mdse, to NPSS Co.
Schr Archie and Fontie, Colstrup. 8 ho'irs from
Fori Ross; MOOO pjsii to Uiggins A Collins.
Schr Newark, Beck. 15 nours from Bowens
landing; 156 M ft lumber, to F liey wood.
Cleared.
THURSDAY, May 6.
Nor stmr Florida, Hansen. Comox: R Uunsmulr
A Sons Co.
stmr Humbold:, Bonlfleld. Eureka: Humbold:
S S Co.
Haw bark Andrew Welch, Drew, Honolulu;
Welch A Co
Brig Lurllne, McLeod, Kahului; Haw Commer
cial and Mmar f"o.
Schr Mary nnd Ida, Carlson, Eagle Harbor and
codrishing; AUsKa Co .iishlng Co.
bailed.
THURSDAY. May 6.
Stmr Protection. Ellefsen. Fort Bragg.
Stmr Jewel, Madsen Caspar.
MmrHumbJldt. Bonilleld. Eureka.
Stmr Navarro, Hlegius, Usal.
Stmr Whitesooro. Johnson, southern ports.
Stmr Enreka, I'arson-*. San Pedro.
Stmi Walla Walla. Wallace, Victoria and Port
Townsend.
Simr Noyo, Levinson, fort Brag;.
stair Point Arenii, Johnson. Meudoclno.
Shl;> Dating Wave, More:iouse. Tacoma.
ilk n Mo:ii or. Tur.off. Grays Harbor.
Schr Arthur X, Kros.
Schr For;una, Rosich. Eureka.
Schr J G Wall, Gallup, Eureka.
Hear Prosper. Noyes. s-< lin^ and otter hunting,
E aide of Nurth Pacific Ocean.
Schr Gotama. Dedrick, Coos Bay.
Schr O M Kellogg, Iversen, Grays Harbor.
Telegraphic.
roiNT l'"'^. May 6-10 p. v—u — Weather
hazy. wind NW: Veioci./ 20 a.. >■>.
Charter*.
The schr W F Jewett loads mdse for 8t Michaels,
Alasica
•Hie bark VVIIna loadi coal at Seattle for this
port.
Spok«n.
Feb 10-Lat 50 i», Ion? 102 W, Br ship Socotra,
hence Der 10, tor Queeusiown.
Apr i 17-Lat 2 N, long 29 W, ship St Francis,
f:om Baltimore, for san Francisco.
April *8-Lat 36 N. long i' 2 W. Br ship Port El
gin, from Antwerp for .-a..ta Rosalia.
Domettlc Port«.
EUREKA— Arrived May 6-Stmr Homer, hnce
May 5, anJ sailed for Coos Bay.
. SAN PEDRO— sailed May 6— Stmr Pasadena,
for Eureka.
I PuRT LOS ANGELES— Arrived May 5-Haw
i stmr sin Mateo, for Comox.
SAN PEDKO— Sailed May 6— Stmr South Coast,
for Hueneraf. ■ ■ '.- ■- '. "--»i'-'-" ■ ," ■-■•
HUEXEMK— Passed May 6— Stmr Sooth Coast,
did not land. •• ■ • •
ALBlON— Arrived May 6— Stmr Scotia, hence
May 2.
MKNDOCINO— SaiIed May 6-Schr Botollnc,
for San Francisco."
toob BAY— Arrived May 6— Stmr Farallon, for
Vaqulna Kav: schr Helen X Kimball, hence Apr
26.
sailed May Stmr Alice Blanchard. for Port
land.
ASTORlA— Arrived May 6— Schr Sacramento,
from Moa« Landine.
PORT ANGELEP— In port May 6— Ship Wa
chusett, irom Chemainus. for Sydney; Br ship
Dechmont, irom Seaitle. for Bydniyi ship hlwell,
from Nanairuo, for oau Francisco: bark Cuiimhla.
from Port Blnkelev, tor San Francisco; bark Mer
cury, fr ru Port Blakeley. for San Francisco.
ASTORlA— Arrived May — Bktn Northwest,
from san Diego; Jap stmr Tonkio Maru, from Yo
kohama.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived May s— Bktn
Gleaner, from Ocos; bktn Gardiner City, hence
Apr 24.
\VHITE"BORO— SaiIed May B— Stmr Green
wood, for San Francisco.
COOS BAY — Arrived May s— Stmr Arcata, hnce
May 3.
PYRAMID HARBOR-Arrived Apr 26-Ship
Invincible, hence Apr 3. Apr 4-Simr Elsie, hnce
Apr 13.
KARLUK-Arnvd Apr 16 -Stmr Kadlak, hnc
Apr 6: ship Bauta Clara, hence Mar 2-.».
COOK« IN LET— Arrived Apr 12-Bark Prussia,
heuce Mar 24 Apr 13— stmr Jennie, hence Apr 1.
COPPER KlVEß— Arrived Ship Centen
n'al. hence May 14. /v .-
Foreign Port*.
NEWCASTLE. NSW— Chartered to load for
Honoiii u-Bar* Colorado, bktn 0 O funk, bktn
Jane L -tanford. Haw bark Mauna Loa, schr
I Ko;>«rt sear.es. . " ' " ; -,
Port' and — Brsutp Andreta. Br ship tral^erne,
Kraliip I) :n rit;on.
San 1) ego-Swed ship Lady Ltna.
i-an Francisco- Alex McNeil, Br ship
Anaurus. Brship Bannockourn, Me bar* Bun
daleer, Brshlp Dalgonar. Rins 3blp Fe.ma. Br
ship General Gordnn. Bark Harvester, Nor ship
Inverlochy. Br har< vercauld. Brbaric Inversr
n.ld Br bar.* I ivernes.«-3hire. Haw ship John
Kna, Mr ship Li>ch Yorridnn, ship Louis Wal.li,
lial ship Macdiarnud, ■ tianc M Near. B- s ilp
Pen.'can. Brmilpßoutenburn. bark .-Sea hing, Nor
bark sk.io!d. Nor oark Sijorn.Br snlpThUtle, snip
Til'.le VjtarbucK. Apr 25-Ger bark Paul
HONOLULU-Arrlved Apr 25-Ger bark Paul
Isenbers, from Liverpool. Apr 28— Br « -n- Mlo
w.m, fiom S dney. Ap.-«7— stmr Autralla. hco
ADr io Apr •jy-Stmr Alameda, from s-yuney.
»iti.-.i M> 22— Br stuii' Doric, for «n Kra'nlsoo:
u'sstmrPetr-l, for Aslaiio station. Apr -.'b-Br
' stmr Mtower*. for Vicioriu. Apr 27— HBM stm
I Wild swan, for Fanning Islauds: bark hemln.iie,
for Columbia lUver: ship Iroqnoß fi>r New York.
At>r 28-)»ktn Archer, tor Francisco.
DUNfiKNKSS— Passed -May 4-Brshlp Ditton,
from Sh eld*, tor ban Francisco.
HONGKONG— SaiIed' May 3-Stmr Peru, (or |
San FraiKlsco. via Honolulu. ' •
YOKOHAMA— Arrivrd .May 3— Br stmr Em
press of Japan, for Vancouver.
FRKI ■MANTLE— A rriv-d May 4-B»- ship
Province, irom Vancouver.
LONDON— Arlrved May s— Br ship Drumcllff.
from Tacoma. : • .
s-al.eJ May s— Brship Balclutha, for San Fran-
C 'l'A NAM A— Sailed May S— Stmr Colon, for San i
HAJI.BUIW- sailed May 2— ship Astree, for
San t-ranclxco.
riYDNEY -Sailed May 2— Br ship EUesmere. for
Sa" Fmncisco.
HONOLULU— To jail Apr 29-Bark C D Brya >t
for L»ysan Island; sc'ir Alice Coo&e, for San
Francisco. /.
KAHULUI— Arrived Apr 29 — -^chr Jennie
Wand. hence Apr 1, and sailed Apr 23, for San
Francisco. ■ • ■
ArrlveJ Apr 18— Schr Olsa. from Honolulu.
Apr 20— Br *hlp Dalcairnie, from Oregon.
QUEENSTOWN — Sailed May 6— ship Ladas,
for Liverpool. ■ • ■ • -
i- 11 I liLDS- tailed May 4— Br ship Riverside, for
6an Ftanctsro.
NEWCASTLE, NSW— sailed M»: 25-Shlp
Louisiana, tor Honolulu. Mar 16— Br bark Blair
hoyie. Br bark Dominion, for San Francisco. Mar
18— Br ship Fannie Kerr, for San Francisco. Mar
'.'l— Brshlp Kejore. for Sau Francisco. Mar 2-> — :
Br snip Cliy of Athens, for s a n Diego. Mar 27—
Br bark Helen Denny, for Honolulu: bktn Kcho,
for Honolulu Mar 30 -Schr Novelty, ; for San
Francisco; schr Louis, for Honolulu;, Br ship La
morua, for San Francisco. • Aur 2 — Br bark I Lind
ley, for , Ban Francisco. Apr 3— Brship Milton
bnrn, for San Fr«nci-co. Ai.rß— Ger ship Kehre
wU-n.er, for San Diego; Brship Bartillan. for Man
Franciico. Br ship bermere, for San.Frau
cisco. Apr 9— Br bark British Princess, for .-an
Frand3co. Apr 11— Br Dark City of Adelaide, ior
ban Diego. ■■.■.-,•■
In port Apr 12— Bktn C C Funk, for Honolulu;
bork Colorado, for Honolulu: Br ship Cralgerne,
for Oregon ; Kuss ablp Fennia, Nor sbto Hiawath*.
Brsnlp Hospodar, Haw ship John Ena, Br ship
Locli Torridon, Ital ship Macdlarmll, tor sa .
Francisco; Haw laric Mauna loa. lor Honolulu:
bark HcSeir, Nor bark fio;d, Br ship Thlule, tor
San Francl »co; schr Kobert searl?i, for Honolulu.
Importation).
EUREKA-Per North Fork-150 M ftluruber.4B
M shakes, '-'26 M shingles, 3 cs mase, 9 enses sun
dries, 1 bbl liqui r, 1 cs aboes, lv sks glue stock.
EEL RIVKR-Per Chilkat-7 ke.s 185 bxs but
ter, 1 sk meal, H bxs fruit, 1 bx frogs, 18bdls green
hides. 16 n<ia gret-n hidei. — Eds stavebults.
SAN DIEGO-Per hxc»isior— so bx» oranges. 1
buggy. 150 bxs lemons. 1 loi old junk, 1 lot moun
tain pine, 1 lot cur oi, 2.) p*gs olives, 1 to. old
sails, 81 pk-.-.s provis ons
NAVARRO-Per Point Arcua-l 10 hides, 1 sk
tails. 2 ahrep P^t*. I* junk. 6507 rail, oad
U< Pol Arena-71 bxs butter. 1 .-oop ch.rkenj. 8
dressed l.oss, 9 dress^l c:ilves. 38 sMcb." bjt
"aVstkaTv -A C xn"'»nxoLULl -»"er Ala,
meda-174 bale* ■ ins, 407 Innti Ud. '*'!»» »P;v
pl^s. 25 ess» arsenic. L».» 4»le« gui'll.M 15. *:S k
ure, 6 c. eucalyptus pW 25 pc -s ««;> «<•'•• '• , -U^
CHuii'om. 59 ta«a Ka:ri guii.. 7 P*W pe.ts. ■»!
onnvKes; iW pk,* wr.|»pers. 47»b» scorra,
55 vid e. ISC. boots. 1 »log. •* Cd bir.ls, -.9,0 b.gl
SU S t r 6 D^»-r*r "anta Bow-734 bx. lemo -s.
103bxaonmgM,l pka «rs>n«te, 8 b.\s limex. 24 ca
honey, 3 12 a bxrdrV?l fr..n, 18 -Inecl tr.r Ml
pkes merchand se. 1 c< IntJ 1 0 bdisdrl^t i,h. 17
b.ts typ-, 89 bxs raisins 1 I nrs . lj.e« • liv.-s, 1 hx
w.ne, ska ore, 1 >se dy >;oo.s, 17 hi bb s
pickled flsh. . ■.-.■?:■', "-''. ... , „ ,
KEDON'DU-10 cs grare fru;t, 1 cs wli.e, 9 pkirs
merchandise, 3 cs iiardwar.', 14 bxs ■ tia»M a cs
stiotM, 1000 sks barley, b-' bxi UatOBB, 301 bxs
° r port "i. 's Angelts-73:>4 ski barley, L'4B Ixh
oran.es, 169 pkgs merchandise, 14 <s w»«hlng
towder, 3 cs hardware, 1 sk cliil.es. iIJ bJ.s
pets. 19 bciis htdes, 4cs < ordlala, -' lv beet>wux, 2
pkes ceff-e. 2 cusrs J t a etc oo 13.
" Santa Bart ar»-141 bUI» sliei, , 213 uk- s mer
chand 2 bxs butter. 1 pump I'd bx orans?s. 5
s«s u«fc->, 167 bxs lemo .s, il I siC«crawni
Port Jiai for i— s bxs B»h, 2H t sks b^uns. 1 idl
pelts, 50 bdls hides. 2 bbl< UJ ow, »- bxs
but:er, 218 sks barley, 4 rp< cii ckens. hJ cs e^^'s,
12 brialves, 1 csgun , 7»S hoiw--, 14tf pkgi mer.
chaudise, 3 eases cne-ae, 35 bd s j" skb wool. i
sk tai s, 1 bdl s pells SL» odle greeu hides, 2 bbls
tallow, 35 bis 52 sks woo.
Con* 1 T******
Per Excelsior— C A Ho^er Co; o R S arr
Co: A Gall Fruit Co Chas Uarley «fc Co; Alaska
Commercial CO: Gray & Barbien; Cpnoej order.
IVr Uhili.at— Wbeaton. Breon «fc Co; Labor Kx
chan^e: Brieham, llnpi.* <t cv; 015 Smith <t Co;
C E Whitnsy Jt U> ; Norton, Teller & Co: t jt-rry
Flour Co: F B Ilaight : W C Price & Co ; U G <» ick
sou <t Co; Kuss, Kar.y <fe Co.
I'er I'oltit Arena-J 1- Clark; Miller <fc Son: Ma- >
docino Lumber Co; D-nntso i <fe son: Dairy
men's Union; Kois<fe Huwlett: lloberts <fe Tuft :
A Br-idy & Co: II Thumoson; Norton, Teller «fc
Koilen ; J X Cnnni;ig»iam: De Bernardl .t Co;
Martin. Feusier Co: C X Whitney & Co; stand
ard 0.1 Co.
Per Alameda— J D Spreckels Bro3 Co; H n
Varley; Mrs Leland stautord; Mcrten Mfts Co;
Jbs Deeriug; F Ludeman; »'ox Seed <fc P Co;
J D Kussell; WillameU" P <fc P Co; Hamlltoa
Brown bhoe Co; X P Webiter; Parke, Lacy Co:
Wells, Fargo it Co; Boston B ok Co: \\ ieland's
Br-werv; order; J D spreckels Bros Co: F
Ludeman: H II Berger ifc Co; Anglo-Cal Bank:
W B Summer A. Co: >ti mer «fc Ktrchner: TUB
Varuey: Wells, Fargo <fc Co; order: Willlairn,
Dimond <fc Co: James X Watson: Southern Pa.
citic R X Co; John D Spreckels «fc Bros; G Sres
ovkh* Co; Weimore Bros; A Galli Fruit Co;
Compodo-.if o; Malcolm Co; Southern Pli H o;
E P Jennings.
Per North Fork— Moore, Hunt <fc Co; W B Sum
ner Co: U s Bottliug Co: C P Cone: Ariic UiL
Work»; A Brvan Sho- Co: Cal Glue Works;
liunham, tarrlgan <t Co; Home Supi ly Assu; M
Friedman A Co; stanlard Oil Co: Uhion Oil Co;
Wieland Brewery; F Korbel Bros; Langley <fc
Michaels; Chas Nelson.
Per sauta Rosa— California Wine Aasn: Enter
prise Brewery: W P Fuller «fc < o: John Wieland
Brewing Co: Chicago Brewery: iJurt'alo Brewery:
Fredericksbunj Irewery; UWadeck; Christy <fc
Wise: sinsheimer l:o Ige. Sweeney & Co: II
N Tilden & (o; Hilmer, uredhoff & sohulz; Ross
<fe Hewlett: Norton, Teller & Co: Brigham, Hoppa
Co; Marshall <t Reimers; Dair> men's Union;
Hills Bros: J H Newoauer <fc Co; li Kirchmann
A Co: Labor Exchange; Wi:zel <fc Baker; CE
Whitney <fc Co; B T Allen & Co: Deunison <fc Wil
son; GetzßrosACo; Baker it Hamilton: Russ,
Eurly fe Co: Wellman, Peck <fc Co; Wood, Ward at
Bennett; F Uri & Co; X G Kuhl &Co: H Dutard:
American Union Fish Co; Chas T-tzen: Woodln*
Li:li«; L v sresovich Co; J lvancovich &Co;
UaiciaA Magglni: Wetm<>r« Bros; W H Auams:
Allen <fe Lewis; Dalton Bro«: Mark Levy: Milanl
<ft Co: A Pamdinl: J B luguglla: 1) G Camarinos:
Pac Coast Fisn Co; H Huddleston Co: Crown
Distillery Co; Kisen Vineyard Co; Pastene Bros:
Jesse M Levy; Dunham, Carriifan A Co; Gray As
Bdrbieri: Newmark & wards: G H Jacksju; H
G i vo.isA Co: < leveland Faucet Co; Haas' Bros;
Guggenheim A Co; G G WUicson A Co: J Wagner
Mfg Co; Allison A Co; Camp idonico A Ma colm;
McDonough A Runyon; J W Hobion; Pacittc
Ammonia A Cneniic.il Works: Goodyear Rubber
Co; T P Jaco'.s; L Scale a A Co: II N Turrel C^l
Bottling Co; Frappoli A Co; JH Cain A Co: fan
Francisco r.rewerles: F.veleih A Nash: Porter
Bros A Co; Simon Levi A Co; M T Freitas A Co:
Francis Bros: Mss Sima;. >icMillan A Hanii
Hartmiin Co; A Galli Fruit ( o: Q W Warner:
Nash A Boessenecker: II S Hammond; Gould A
Jauilln; Levi Spiegel & Co; Oiegon Frut « o: C.il
Ink Co; A mer Press Assn: S Hunter: J EinsUln;
Wolf&Soi!-. ImruelACo; L 1 inkelspiel .Son:
.1 Johtißion. Vv C Price «t Co: Lane Bros: Bell A
Co:FSDow; H «' (ireenliooi; It S Alexander;
The Dalles CracKtr Co. ;. v..,/- : .
ocean TRAVEL.
PACIFIC COAST_JTEAfISIIIP CO.
STEAMERS LKAV.-, BKOADWAY' jfl^^L.
wharf, San Francisco, bs follows: J£le£3sl
For ports in Alaska, May 1, 6. 11, 16. iil, -6,
31 and every fltth day thereatter, at 9 a. m.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes an<J
New Wcatcom (Belllngham Bay, Wash.). 9a. x.
May 1, 6, 11. 16, 21, 26 and 31 every fifth ('.ay there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with th» C." P. ic
. R., atTaroma with N. I: R." R., at Seattle wi:h O.
N. Ry., at Port Towusend with Alaska steamers.
For ICureka, Area' a and Fields Landing ( Hum-
boldt Bay), Str. Pomona 2 p. M.. May 4, 8, 12, 16,
JSu. 24, 28 and every fonnh day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon, Cayncoi,
Port Harford (San i vi» Obispo), Gaviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, tan Pedro, East San
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. if.
May 2, 6, 10, 14. 18. 22. 26, 30 and every lourtu
day thereafter. .
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Hanori
(San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Los An-
reles. Redondo (Los An?ele.s) and Newport, 11
A.M. May 4,8, Ik, 16, 20, 24, 28 and every fourth
day thereafter.
For Ensenada, San Jo»e del Cabo. Majsallan. L*
Paz and Guaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, I'J
A. M. . June 2, and 2 i of each month thereafter.
The Company reserves the right to change wlth-
I out previous notice steamers, sailing dates and
hours of sailing. Ticket office— Palace Hotel, 4
I New Montgomery street.
GOODALL, PERKINS <S CO., GenT Agents.
10 Market sc. San Francisco.
THEO.R.&N.CO.
DISPATCH FAST, STEAMERS TO
PORTL A3XT I>
From Rpear-stree: Wharf, at 10 a. k.
Ft T>"Li f»l2 First-class \ Including
\ XtXli \ Second-class / berth & meaU
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Columbia April 23, May 8, 13, 23
State of California April 28, May 8, 18. 28
Through tickets and through baggaje to au
Eastern point* Rates and toldera upon, applio
uoa w
¥. F. CONNOR. General Asent,
630 Market street.
nOOnALTj. PERKINS <fc CO.. Superintendon'^
fM<mm»r,*A s. s. ACSTRALIAfor
?&fflv»eS! H ° N " L v L L onl ''<
i Bb *■■"'■ Tuesday, May 18. at,
y""^_^^ 2 p. ic fcpecial party
rsi^r\' N rates. 8. ALAMEDA
NtMrn^ninc) Thess.s. alameda
qHmIIIIjIII^ gaiU via HONOLULU
/nmßaniL. and AUCKLAND for
ViJilipUlwr s V DM E Y. Thursday,
May 27. '4 P. v.
Line toCOOLGARDIE, AusU.and CAPETOWN,
South Africa. '■■. . ;
J. U sPRECKELs BROS. Ca, Aeents.
114 Montgomery street..
Freight ottlce, 327 Mark-t street, ran Francisco,
COBPAG m 6EIIER.IL TRAHSATLiI Tl*|L f
:'--•' . '. French Lino to Havre.
/COMPANY'S PIER(NEW).42 y»<t
\_/' River, foot of Morton si. Travelers by *x><yjßNP
this line avoid both transit by English rnllway an I
the discomfort of crossing the chanuel In a smull
boat. iSew York to Alexandria. Egypt, via Pari*
first class $ltiO, secoud cla43 Jllli.
LA BOURGOGNE May IN 10\.«.
LA CHAMPAGNE May 22. 10a.IL
LAGASCOGNK May 2ft 111*
LA TOURAINK J'ne.N 10 v •*.
LA BRETAGNE lime 12. H> A. *.
Mg- I'or farther particulars apply M
A. FORGET, Aeon',
No. S, Bowlme Green. New Yor
J. V. FrGAZI & CO, Agent* 5 Moutsomarf
avenue, San Francisca
FORYDKON FIELDS
ALASKA.
THE NORTn AMKRCAN TRANSPOP.TA-
tion and Tradlns comp»ii> ■'.-. .- i ateiimer >
PORTLAND (CAPI. KIDSTON),
Will leave SAN FKAXCI O June 1 and Au-
gust 1: SEATTLE June 10 ami Au;us'« 10.
tak>ng passengers for the above pon t •
For turther particulars a:ip v .0 <ompaiiys
agent, 8 California s'.re' t. sn 1 i rincisci
•Sea tie oftice. 61S Fust avvuue. ' •
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave , Pier No. 3, Washington St..
At 6 P. M.. Daily. Frei^nt received <ij»
i . to .>:3» I'.'n.
JO" Accommodations Reserved by Telephony
■lhe only line liu>: through tickets and glv n|
throuch freight rates to ail t>uia » <>•' \ * aic -'
Kallroad. . .
STJSAMERV.
T. C. WallcoT, J. D- 1 2?*%»
Mary Uarratt, city of Stockton,
telephone Main 803. Cai. *a\: : " d iul *"- •*
FO&il; S. lATH.IRD 111 VALLEJO.
' . ! STKAMKK "MO.VTICKLLO,"
Mon., Tues., Wed.. Thuis. and Sat
..9:45a.m. and 3:15 p •* (!• p m -t.. ThurO
Friday 5.......;....... l p M 9p. *■
■ bandays 10:.< > a m. an I S it. i.
l*nding and otlices, Missiou Duc^. PierJ.
■ :1 Teh-pnone Oif- ■■
FOR BISJOSK, LOSGATOS& SAXTACKL2
STEAMER ALVISO LKAVKa PIEK 1 D.\lL\
O (Sundays excepted) ai 10 a, st. Alviso da X
(Saturday excepttd) at 7 P. v. Freignt and
Passenger. Fare botween s-an Francisco »n*
Alviao, 60c; to Sau Jose.. 75c. Cluy »W i*"«*
iitt W. to»ui» Liaran., bail Jo**WATER COMPANY
WAR ON HAND
Insurance Men Petition the
Council to Alternate
Hydrants.
President Din?ee Declares Such
a £tcp Is but to Invite
Combination.
Centra Coita o. finals Declare That
They Are Takin? No Hand
in /.ff irs.
Oakland Office Sab Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, May 6. f
The little Hack cloud on trie horizon
that threatened to burst into a violent
Btorra lias made its appearance in the City
Council. It com^sin the form of a resolu
tion ordering that all the rire hydrants in
the city be alternated between the
two water companies. Vt present the
Oakland company is supplying all the hy
drants west of Lake Merritt and the Con
tra Costa all those to the east of the lake.
The resolution was introduced by re
quest of several insurance companies, and
in their petition they make the argument
that by alternating the hydrants the city
would, in case of tire, have the full bene
fit of both water systems instead of one, as
at present, and the resolution, based on
the petition, authorizes the Fire and
Water Committee to proceed forthwith
■with such changes.
At first glance this would seem a very
ordinary and bus. ness-like proposition,
but it means a great deal to both the water
companies, who have been for nearly
two years fighting for their existence.
The rents derived from the hydrants are
not their largest source of income, which
is derived fr.'m. the sewer flashing and
street sprinkling, and with the present
distribution of hydrants this would mean
a loss 10 the Oakfan i company nnd a cain
to the Contra Costa company. According
to the message c f Mayor Thomas, it also
means another step toward a forced com
bination of bmh compa' -i-'s.
President Dinge? ot the Oakland com
pany says that the resoution, if passed,
would be a bl >w at the lite of the compe
tition now going on.
"As a iiiatter of fact." said Mr. Dingee,
"the iiydrants of the Oakland company,
which were purchased by us and not oy
ihe city, are as a general rule on larger
mains tnan the Contra Costa company
could connect with. Oursystem is sj con
structed that tnese ni;tin> are connected
at every corner, thu« placing no limit to
the volume oi water, and we have also
stored f^r emer(7»ncy within a mile or so
of town 17,000,000 gallons of water at an
elevation which would insure ample pres
sure for any tire we could have for the
next twenty years.
"There was no alarm here abont fires
when there was but one company, and
there is no alarm in San Francisco or any
city which only has one company. In
my opinion this is a me;hoi of our"rivais
.to decrease the income of our company.
"So far we have not made adollar out of
the water bu*inftss. The people have
made it all. We do not want to be driven
out, and the adoption o; this alternating
resolution is a step in that direction. Th;s
scheme is the beginning of a plan to lorce
us in o a partnership arrangement with
the Contra Costa, but it will never be, and
I do not believe that it ii any par; of the
Council's duty to force us into accepting
ove.-turesj from the Contra Ccsla com
) any."
The efficars of the Contra Costa com
pany d. dine 1 to-day to diicuss :he mat
ter. They stated that this movement to
alternate the hydrants was started un
known to them, arid they are not aware
of the origin of it. They say they do not
intend to enter into any controversy, be
lieving that the City Counc 1 and the pub
lic can dec.de among themselves what is
for their best interests.
\Yh n the matter came before the Fire
and Water Committee last nieht the mem
bers decided mat it w:is a matter to be
dealt with by the Council as a committee
of the whole, and a motion to this effect
was made. A !iuie latter it was aj;ain
broueht up and ttie committee decided to
reconsider the whole matter et their next
meeting.
"This is goins to be one of the hardest
rights we have ever had in the city of Oik
land," said Mr. Cuvellier at the meeiii.g.
"I know it and you know it, and 1 do not
think it any use to was c time hearing all
the arcumt-nts that will certainly be pone
over aga:n by the Council a* a whole. It
looks like a skirmish in advance of the
battle."
TOO POOE TO PAY COSTS.
Damage Suit Against, a Corporation
Thrown Out of Court.
OAKLAND, Cal,, May 6 —The suit of
Morris Pacheco against the Judson Manu
facturing Company wai thrown out of
court this afternoon because the plaintiff
could not find any one to put up the costs
of the trial. Pacneco asked lor $10 000
damages because a blade of the machinery
Irofce ana injarea him painfully. The
case was tried a year azo and a nonsuit
THE NEW OFFICIALS AND THEIR IDEAS— NO. 3.
OAKLAND, Cal , May 6. — Councilman GirarJ, who was once a School Director,
believes ihat there is not nearly enough attention given by the city government to
music. He would have it in every class and every department. "If we taught more
music," says Councilman Girard, "we should have leaa hoodlums. Munc is ihe most
diviue civilizing agency."
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
j granted. Pacheco's attorney appealed to
j the Supreme Court and the decision of
! Judse Ogden was reversed. The case was
I set for trial this morning and Pachec >
made aftidav.t mat he had no m'»ns with
which to prosecute. S nee the last trial
tie has sub»utu;ed Attorney Monteith for
M. C. Chapman, and the friend who was
putting up the money refuses to do so
any longer. In accordances with the rules
) of tho court governing such cases Judge
! Greene ordered the case off the calendar.
The Oakland D»rby.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 6.— The Oakland
derby day for the benefit of Fabioia Hos
t>ita. will be held at the racetrack on
Saturday, Slay 22. President Williams is
i personally mp«Tviß:nir the affair and ar
j ranging i I.c races and p omses splendid
events. The greatest .eature. however,
will be Uie fai-hionable parade ol the best
rigs in the city, which will gather on
Jackson street and drive in procession to
the grounds.
H«sbm< d and Wife Opposed.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 6. — Mrs. Annie
F. Johnson has petitioned the Council for
1 street improvement, and the leading pr< -
testani against her petition i^ her hus
band. He appeared before the Street
Committee to make his fight, and said
that although the properly stood in his
wife's iwme he owned half of H and is not
able at this time to pay his share of the
cost^.
Ame* Vust Stand Trial.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 6— Ju.ise Ells-
I worth nis ov railed the oemurrer in the
i case ot Ann Harris against JosiaU P.
I Ames, and the case Will therefore po to
| trial. The suit is broueut to compel
i Ames, who Is a brother of Mrs. Harris, to
I turn over to her bonds and property al
leged to have been given to him to be held
in trust.
A Drunken Baker Tired of Life.
OAKLAND. Cal., May 6.— Frank Fora,
a baker, attempted to commit xuioide this
afternoon while drunk. He jumped off
Broadway wharf, and when hshed out
said ho was tired of life. He will De kept
in jail till lie is sober, when he will be lib
era;ed oi\ his promise not to kill himself.
Physicians Not in Harmony.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 6.— Th- allo
pathic physicians aye not ail drawn
from the lfibiola staff in accordance with
, the resolution of the Alameda Coun y
Medical Society. Tnose who have not
obeyed the resolution ar«»: Drs. Brmck
erhoff, Foster, Harmon, Rogers and Yon
Adeiung.
Indorse Miss Coolbrith.
OAKLAND, Cal.. May 6.— Miss Ina D.
; Cooibrith, tne roei, may be appointed
i librarian of the public library in Lo«
Angeles. Professor Joseph Le Come,
President Jordan and others eoually well
known have indorsed her for the position.
STUDENTS TO CELEBRATE
Elaborate Preparations Being
Mide for the C ass-Day
Exerc ses.
This Year the Seniors Will Spring a
Surprise in the Nature of a
WeirJ, Mystic Cer mony.
BERKELEY, Cal , May 6.-Extensive
i preparations are being made by the srn
! iors at the Slate University for the class
; day performance next Saturday. The
classmen have succeeded in Keeping the
nature of their exercises a profound se
cret, but give promise of presenting some
thing wierd, mystifying and yet c-mic.
They say, in explanation of their secrecy,
that the nature of tiieir performance will
be such that secrtcy will lend to its en
chantment. The costumes have been
made and the committees assigned to
iheir line ot duty.
President McWade says that the class
■will present ihe most brilliant sp^ctuc.e of.
the k n.i ever presented in Borkeiey.
The exercises wiil be held as usual in
Ben \V«id'« amphitheater, tmole of tl.e
Chemistry building, and will begin at 2
o'clock.
The customary pilgrimage of the
campus and buildings will form a feaiure
of the exercises. The speaker* and places
of addre-s will be as follows: At North
Hall, Arthur Elston and Miss Grace
Crai.he; at South Hall, Frank Tude; at
the Mechanics' bui.din^, Wuliam Cole;
at the Agricultural building, Ralph
Goulo ; at the library. Miss Lena Reuing
ton and Day.d MeWude.
Nearly all the Greek letter fraternities
will entertain guests at luncheon.
President's Announcement,
BERKELEY, Cal.. May 6.-President
Martin Kellogg of the State University
posted the following notice 10-day regard
ing the opening of the next college year
and tue distribution of catalogues:
The academic year, 1897-98. beeins Monday,
August 2. 1897. Pro e-sors and Instructors
rrmy be consulted at the university on an<i
ef;er that date. Entrance examinations wil.
take place on 9th, loth and 11th. Registration
day for upper da>ses is Tnursiay, August 12.
Regular exercises begin on the afternoon of
lhe same day. The announcement of courses
and schedules o/ exercises may be expected
for distribution before 'he opHiii'ig of the
term. Oil request they will be sent by mail
from the recorder during the vpcatiou.
Will Stay 1. 0n B er.
BERKELEY, Cal.. May 6 — By a vote
of the congregation of the First Fresbyte
rian Church last evening, the resignation
of Dr. H. A. Ketchum will not be ac
cepted untii September 1, instead of June
1, as was previously announced by the
session.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 7, 1897.
THE TUNNEL CLAUSE
WAS LEFT OUT
Alameda County Cannot
Assist in Euilding Un
der the Estuary.
Many Heavy Damage Suiti
Would Certainly Follow ths
Underground System.
0 kland and A amed i Will Have to
Abindonthe Sciem: or Pay for
It A!oie
Oakland Office, San Francisco Call,)
yuß Broadway, May ti. )*
The cities of Oakland and Alameda are
now regretting that they did not have in
serted in the bill regulating bridge-build
ing by Supervisors a section relating to
tunneling. Treasurer T'orderer of Ala
meda was of the opinion that such a
clause was to have been included in the
provisions of the bill, but such is not the
case, and if a tunnel be built beneath the
estuary it will have to be done without
the financial help of the county.
The opinion of the District Attorney,
stating that the Supervisors could not
at this time without further legislative
power taKe any hand in ttie construction
of a tunnel, has proved very dishearten
ing to the civic and mercantile bodies of
both cities, who had expected that tne
Supervisors would shoulder the biggest
half of the cost. They cannot do this,
and consequently much time will elapso
before a tunn> 1 is built under the estuary.
"This tunnel proposition is a spiendid
one," said Supervisor Church, "biu it has
not been f lly considered in all its de
tails. The tact does not appear to have
been noticed that for a bridge, even a
double-decked one, the approach would
commence at Third street, whereas fora
tunnel it would b» nece*«ary to commence
the approach at Sixth street. From the
point where the tunnel commenced to the
waier front the street would practically
be mined, and this would mean many
thousands of dollar* of damage «uits from
property-owners, whicn would, in my
opinion, be allowed them. Not one word
of this phase of the situation has been
sa;d, and it would be one of the most im
portant factors in the case.
"At the present time a tunnel is not an
actual necessity, although it would be the
best thins to do in view of the luturc
growth of these two cities. Perhaps even
with the damage s>uits a tunnel would
prove the least expensive of the two meth
ods of crossing tne estuary, but nothing
can be undertaken now except by the
municipalities and clrtzens independent
BISHOP S. G BREYFOGEL, Who Has Come to Preside Over
the California Coherence of the Evangelical Association.
of any help :rom the county. There was
no reason why ttie tunnel clause •houid
not have been incorporated in the bill. At
this inte date, however, it is of no am for
Mr. Forderer to express regret, becatis** lie
was the last man to handle the bill before
it was mailed to Sacramento and he cer
tainly knew what was in it."
Another conference wi.l be held in a few
days between the various parties most
interested, and a plan will be outlined in
accordance with the n»w conditions.
EZETA IS PEACEFUL.
Tho General Not Anxious for Any
More Political Power.
OAKLAND, Cal., May General An
tonio Ezeta, who is now living in this
city, is very much annoyed at the story
recently publi hed in a San Francisco
evening paper Miat be intends to lead an
other army on Honduras.
"I conclude that this information comes
from the source interested in Injuring
me," sa:d the general :o-day. "Ever sincu
the happenings of 1894 I have :ooked for
safety on foreign soil. My only care has
been the education of my little girls, to as
to satisfy my persecutors that I am not
hunting political ventures, I have to es
tabii-h myself here with my family, away
ironi the contact of those who wisii strife
in Central America.
"Thestorvuf this alleged expedition is
not only false, but I protest most ernphat
lcaliy against all such association*. The
experience of many years has convinced
me that the prosperity of the people is
through labor and peace, un<ler any form
ot eovernment. and not through the risks
of war.
"Therefore I do not intend to make nor
protect any revolution which wnl chance
tho actual order of affairs in my country.
Ii it is a fact ih it dome are working to de
stroy Guiterrez's administration and
cnange the avst^m of the Greater Republ c,
mat is not my work, neither should tbe
responsibility be imputed to me by pub
lishing imaginary stories without any
foundation."
THE TUHNEL MATTER.
Does the General or the Spnclal Law
tioTern the Question ?
ALAMEDA. Cal., May 6.— Alameda
people felt disappointed when they read
in tho tuurninK papers that District At
torney Snook had eivsn it as his opinion
[hat the Supervisor- bad no power lo con
j s.ruct a iuuaei under the estuary instead
of a bridge across it. This opinion be
based on a r racial law which was passed
by the last L'gislature empowering tha
Supervisors to comoine with the railroad
in the construction of a double bridge
over the estuary. When the law was
drawn up here it was definitely un
derstood by the people that it was to pro
vide for either a tunnel or a bridge, and
District Attorney Snoot was instructed to
make it read that way. But he did not
do so, and the omi-sion was not detected
until after it passed one house. It was
then !ate in tha session, and rather than
risk the defeat of the bill it was decided
not to try to amend it.
Bui the friends of the tuinel i l»»a claim
that this speciul law does not affect the
general law, which empowers Supervisors
to construct roads, brkiees and adjuncts
to highways. They claim that a tunnel
is an adjunct to a highway and that a
crossine to a stream either over or under
it is fully justified by th? law, as the
Supervisors may elect. Tuey propose to
follow this idea and show that they are
correct.
Bu - even if unsuccessful in persuading
the Superv sors to do what it is believed
they have a right to they will not abandon
the fight. It is conceded that under the
general law the cities ot Oakland and
Alameda can build a tunnel, though why
the county cannot as well is not explained.
In any event, should one resource fail ttie
effortwill be made to induce thn cities to
undertake the work, and as there is a vait
preponderance in favor of it there would
be little difficulty in getting bonds voted
for the purpose.
A Library Deadlock.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 6.— There is a
deadlock in the Board of Library Trustees
over a little matter of patronage, namely,
the appointment of a second assistant.
When the present board went into oißce
Miss Mary Harbnuuh was removed, and it
was decided to engaee two assistants and
to divide the salary between ihem. Mrs.
Marceila Krauth was selected as the rir-t
assistant and the appointment of the
other one went over. It now appears that
there have been too many promises of
support ma<ie by trustees, and as a result
they are not aoie to airee upon the other
appointment. The- leading candidates are
Miss Helen Wignin, daughter of M. P.
Wiggin. and Miss Carrie Pratt, at present
stenographer of the Del Norte County Su
perior Court.
BISHOP BREYFOGEL HERE
To Freside Over the California
Conference of the Evangeli
cal Association.
He Will Hold Sev ral Meetings B
fore N xt Tuesday, When He
Will Sail for Jap.-n.
BishoD S. C. Breyfogel of the Evangelical
Association came nere from Oregon yes
terday morning He came from Allen
town, Pa., which city is his home, to
Oregon, from Oregon here, and from this
Cily he wiil co to Japan.
He presided at tie Oregon conference
and wiil also presid° at the California
conference, which will convene this morn-
mc at Emannel Church on Twelfth street,
between Market and Mission.
This is not the BUhop's first visit to
California. Four years ago he presided
at a session of the same conference. La>t
evening he was tender**! a reception at
the church by his nvuiv friend*. Conven
tions of the Young People's Al'.Unce also
took plate, the exercises being in both
English and German.
Bunday mornin the Bishop will preach
an ordination sermon in German, on
which occasion several new ministers will
be ordained. At 3 o'clock that afternoon
he wiil deliver an address at the Salem
Cburru, on the corner of Twenty-second
and Shotwell streets, where a service will
be held in the interest of the mission ot
the church.
Tueiday, May 11, Biahon Breyforel will
sail on the steam«hp Doric for Japan,
vftiere he is expected 10 pro ide at the
Ja> anese mission conference at Tokio.
Following is the programme for to-day's
work at the conference:
Mornlne session 9 o'clock— Religious ser
vice, tollowed by a conference address by the
BtuhOT'.
Afternoon— Report* from the churches.
Evening— Preaching in the German lan
guage.
Employes' Annual Picnic.
OAKLAND, Cal.. May 6.— The annual
picnic of the employes of the Haywards
electric road was held to-day at San
Lorenzo Grove. The men and their fami
lies were taken to the grove in three dec
orated cars palled by the electric loco
motive. Several young ladies gave s ngs,
recitations and fancy dances and H. W.
M*eks, J. W. Landers and A. L. Stone,
directors of the company, made abort
speeches T ere were athletic games ami
all kinds of fancy races and any amount
of dancing.
The committees who conducted the
affair were:
Arrangements— G. W. McKenrle, K. C. Bal
lard, 0. H. Carroll. M. Nutty, W. Young, A. M.
Hinman, W. F. Krnger, P. Barbin, T. E. Saw
yer. F. T. Putnam.
Finance— C. H. Carroll, E. C. Ballard, W.
Young.
Programme— C. H. Carroll, J. L. Burdock,
W. B. Zimmerman.
Ebell'a Succeaaful Roie Show.
OAKLAND. Cal., Aiay 6.— The Ebell
Society's rose show was h«ld this after
noon, and tbe lar«e parlors in their tem
ple were covered with many specimens of
beauti.ui roses. The indies are so well
satisfied with the result of their first
effort that a rose show will hereafter be
an annual even. This evening there
were a few short addresses and muiic. J
COLLEGE ATHLETES
ON THE CAMPUS
St. Mary's Association
Holds Its Annual Field
Day.
Tom Carroll Beats the Worlj's
Record as a Hammer-
Thrower.
A Good Programme Closes With an
Exciting Tugo'« War— Many
Visitors Present.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
JX)B Broadway, May 6. f
SL Mary's College Athletic Association
held its annual track and field contest this
afternoon.
Many visiting clergymen from sur
rounding towns were present and the col
lege campus was surrounded with friends
and relatives of the students. The pro
ceedings commenced witn the formal
raising of the association's flag on the
campus. The college band, consisting of
seventeen pieces, headed a procession of
students and while playing merry music
the flag was hoisted. Games for the
smaller boys, consisting ol potato and
sack racing, occupied the early hours of
the day, and in the handball contest B.
Fiood and L. Torniey won from G. Hay
ward ana W. McGuire.
The regular tield-day programme was
carried out this afternoon. Tom Carroll,
the champion hammer-thrower, beat the
world's championship, held by himael ,
throwing a sixteen-pound hammer 158
feet 3 inches, a- against 153 feet, hid
former throw. He al.-o put the eicht
pound hammer 253 ieet, his former effort
beine 212 feet.
The events and winners are as follow-:
100-yard dash — O Welch won, Armigo sec
ond, "lime, 10 ii-5 seconds.
100-ynrd maiden r»ce — First heat. F. Michels
won, 112 seconds; V. Grey second. Second
heat, H. Huff wou, 112 seconds; J. Krady sec
ond.
10-pound hammer throw — J. Jessen won,
105 ;eet 2 inches; Murphy, second, 103 feet.
100 yur 1 maidt.il race (final) — MicheJs won,
HJi second?: Huff second.
Pui'.lng 16-pound shot (handicap)— J. Bradv
won, 3t> feet; W. McCartney stconu, 34 feet 3
ll Ches.
2JO-yard handicap race— First heat, O.
Welch won. 2t>!a seconds; E. Butler, second.
Second heat, h. Arinigo won, 2ti seconds;
Micliels second.
i o!e vault (distance), handicap — Pezzola
won, 21 leet 8 inched ; M. .Murphy seconu, 21
ieet G^j inches.
220-yard haudic«p (final)— O. Welch won, 25
seconds; F. Micliels second, 28 seconds.
Running high jump— J. Cantro won, 5 feet;
Bui er s-econa, 4 leet 10 inches.
120-ytird hurdle ract— First heat, M. Murphy
wou, 17 1-5 seconds; J. Castro second. Second
beat, T. G. Cuneo won, 17J' 2 seconds; J. Jen
sen *ecoi>d.
440-yard race (handicap)— H. Huff won, 1
minute; Grey second.
Running broad jump (handicap)— O Welch
won, 19 ieet; F. Michels second, 18 feet 10
inches.
120-vnrd hurdle race— Final, M. Murphy
won, 16^ seconds; J. Cuneo second.
75-varu junior dash— P. Lonorgan won,
lOJjj seconds: C. Carroll second.
O.ie-miie run (nundicap) — Pezzola, won, b%
miuutes; Huff second.
JUNIOR EVENTS.
Sacic race— P. Lonergan won, G. May second.
Companion race — V*on by C. Carroll and
Coleman.
Tug-of-w*r — Won by junior team: F. Bilva
(captniti), M. Murphy, F. Samauiego, L. Tor
mey, E. Butler, M. Ferry, A. Finan, H.
Gurcnard, J. Ascabar.
Ladies' Kelief Society.
OAKLAND, Cal., May — The annual
meeting of the Ladies' Rfliei Society W3S
hold tli afternoon. The trensurer's re
port shows that while everything is in
pood shape it has been necessary to draw
$200"» during the year lrom the savin?* ac
count. The receipts amounted to $9802
and the disbursements to $11,152.
This is the twenty-fifth anniversary of
the relief society, which supports old
ladies' and children's homes at Temescal.
It was organ iz a l in old St. Paul's Church
November 9, 1871. One of the reasons for
the deficit in the finances is that the fifty
shares of the Contra Co-<ta water stock
donated by the late Mr. Cnabot used to
produce an income of $250 a month, but
for some time no dividends have been
paid. All the officers were re-elected.
Farewell to Seniors.
BERKELEY. Cal., May 6.— Farewell
receptions to seniors in their congrega
tion s were tendered this evening by the
Christian Endeavor societies of the F.rst
Congregational and Trinity Metho.list
chuicries. At the Congregational church
tousis were offered by Kendrick BabcocK,
Professor E. E Brown, Miss Stella Price,
Miss Elizabeth Fernald, Paul Robinson
and Miss Grace Love. Those who took
part at the Methodm church were Prin
cipals. D. Waterman, Harry Gavlor, Miss
May Huil, W. McCloud, Miss Konible, L.
W. Cartwiight and J. S. Kennedy.
Nott Will Coach.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 6.— Charles P.
Nott i. as been definitely engaged ai foot
ball coacn at thu Siate University for the
■eason of 1897- Nott was assistant coach
to Butterworth last fall, and during the
baseball season just closod coached the
Varsity nine. He Is asjraduaie of Brown
University and is at present an instructor
in the department of b-jtany at Berkeley.
While at Brown he captained the Varsity
eleven one »e*son, playing left tickle on
the team which defeated Yale in 1595.
Recovered From Mental Disorder.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May —John Collins,
who was committed to A.-news a short
time since becau c Of mental disorders,
has returned home on probation. It ap
pears that the trouble was due to physi
cal causes, and treatment has so restored
h.s health that j c is able to be out again.
THE COMING BENGH SHOW
Score* of Prize- Winning D"JJ« Entered
for the kenn#l Exhibition.
The approaching bench show of the San
Francisco Kennel Club has awakened
owners and breeders throughout the length
of the coast. At the office of the ciub,
224 Montgomery street, entries hsva been
coming in during the past week at a rate
that indicates an asrgr gation of dogs on
the bench greater than ever before. Many
of tbe dogs themselves are alao being
brought to the City.
Among the latter arrivals a pair of St.
Bernard's from Montana is arousing much
speculation. Tuese dogs have neither of
them been seen in tne Ciiy heretofore,
and are being Kept well under cover. An
other Si. Bernard, expected to matte a
prominent bid for the iaurels of his ore<>d,
is Koxey Savage, owned by Dr. A. Miles
Taylor of Oakland. But speculation in
the St. Bernard ranus extend* over a wiJe
territory. Some slight breach has re
cen;ly divided the various owner-' of the
breed; nevertheless the St. Bernard show
ing this year will be unprecedented.
In the smaller classes Uie number of
large kennels shown will be worthy of
note. Cocker «paniels are being entered
in goodly numbers, and among them sov
erai kennels of particularly good appear
The Perfume of Violets I
The purity of the lily, the glow of the rose,/
and the flash of Hebe combine in PozzoNi'af
wondrous Powder. I
"^
€HAS. LEVY & CO.. Al'CTll).\EKili.
baloarooini- Market suoo;.
THIS DAY.
Friday May 6, 1597
At 10 o'coolc a. M., at mi esrooni.
1135 BIAKKKT Sl'.. NX. &KVKNTH,
■ . \vk WIUSELL...
One Square Piano, Elegant Line of Furniture,
Carpels; lioJilini,': -'O .yes anl Range*: liar
and Back .Bar. k te.
CIiAS. Lh.VY & v.. Auct oneer^.
DIiUJ AUCTWI COHPAIY.
Salesroom 1171 Mission St., Sr. Klghth
Regular Sales Days. Tuesday and Friday.
Thla DAY,
Friday Miy 7, 1897,
• At 11 O'clock A M
WE WILL AT OUK sALESKOOJI
OFFKB A
MAGNIFICENT LINE " OF FURNIIURE,
Carui'U; Lediilne: liugs: Comforter*; Plcturrß;
l)eiks; .bedspreads; Curtains; Crockery; ■
Lumps. hu-
H. J. l,i LTHUI.TZ, Auctioneer.
ance. One kennel of French poo. lies will
bench fourteen ; a kennel of dachshunde
eleven.
Tod Sloane has entered a setter from
which much is expected. And amon^the
well-knowa do^-owners it is believed that
W. L. Pratlier an<! Fred E. Miller, both of
Oakland, will be well to the front. Mr.
Prather is ?aid to bf out for the Palace
Hotel troj hy with a srlemiia kennel ol
American foxhounds. Entries for the ex
hibition will close next Monday.
Butchers' Day Celebration.
The fourth annual celebxation of Butchers'
day will be held on Wednesday, May 26, at
Shell Mound Pork and the Oakland racetrack.
At the racetrack there will be trottirp, pacine,
running and yaquero races, also bicyne races
and fancy riding.
SEW TO-DAY.
('^^!«»l c Wli» non-roi»onona
*<*jfßni^^^^*22a remedy for Gonorrhcea,
>tmy(TßKh^^B Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
ffSrW i:. l tosrl«Ta.^H Whites, unnatural dis-
ttHeS Gu»rmnttcd M charges, or any intlamma-
■flifl cot to itrietare. tion, irritation or ulcera-
F> QPrettnts eoaueion. tion of mucous nipm-
RS\rHIEvANSCHEMir«ino. Cranes. - astringent.
VgjLciNCINNATI.O IW Sold by I)rasTSfiH««,
«S9>V ,- a A jST 0T sent n PP r»a ' r » »r:iprfr,
■^SSkW. ' ' J^^ by express, prepaid, for
'-^H^^B^#^V I 1 00 or 3 bottles, (2.75.
r »^aJBBP r V ■ Circular cent iv request.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.'
SMFR4MSCO& NORTH PI-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiboron l'erry— Foot' of MarkotSk.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a.m.; 13:3\
3:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays-Extra trla
ci 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Kxtra tripa at 1:5(1
and 11:30 p. M.
eUKUAYsi— »:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.: 1:39. 3:3%
6:00, 6:20 P. M.
San Kafuel to s«*n Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:50, 9:VJO. 11:10 a. it-
-12:45. 3:40, 6:10 P. M. Saturdays— Extra trial
at 1:55 p. M. and 6:85 P. m.
BUNDAYS-S-.n), 8:40, 11:10 a. M.; 1:40, 3:«
6:00, 6:25 p.m.
Between San Francisco and SchueUea Pari satns
schedule as above.
J.i'Hve Tnpffprt • Arrive
Ban l'rancisco. April 28. San Francisco.
Wkkk I Sex- tf .},^it SIJN '- I Wkkk"
Days. | days, destination. PAYS | DAYa^
T:3O am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
B:3opm 9:3oam Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:26 AM
Healdsburg,
i ytton,
Geyservllle,
8:30 ru 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 PM 6:22 pit
Pieta,
7:30 am Hopland & 10:25
8:30 PMJ 8:00 am Uklah. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am 1 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm ' | ■ 6:22 pm
7:3oam B.ooam Sonoma 10:40 am: B:4oam
and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Olen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:22
7:30 18:00 am| Kp h tono i 110:40 am|lo:2 !AM
3:3opm|s:Uopm| Bebastopol. | (3 10 pm| 6:22 PM
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark Wes;
Springs; at Geyserville for Ska?gs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for Hl«nland
Springs, K<-lseyville, Soda Bay and i.akrpnr:; at
llopland for Lakeport and Bartlatt Springs; at
TJkiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Bluo
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake. Porno, Pottet
Valley, John Day's, Kiversi<ie, Llerleys, Buck-
nell's, Hanhedrln Heights, Hullville, Boonevills.
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg,
Wesiport, TJsal.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets atradao»J
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points bo-
jroud San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 660 Market St., Chronicle hulMlng.
A. W. FOSTER, R. X. RYAN,
Vres. and Gen. Manaeer. Gen. Pass. Ageak
lODHT TAMALPAIS.
Trains connect 'with .North Paoitiu
Coast Kailroad.
- A X M UA l^4r-'' V B ' F., vl * Bauialito ferry,
i.^uveTave ..of Tam lp * 181 daily, except Hnn-
<l»r . i ■Vi>. 4:20 P it.
Kztn ■caving Tavern. Monday, W>dn«Sar
Frldi.y and WaturJay 7 a. m.; Slo ,day. Wednea^
<J-V fl"fi tllTl . -. fl: .^ p M
DAYS— Leave S. F. 8. 9, 10, 11 A. it; 1:45,
• ioO I*. it,. '- • ■ ■ ■ - ■ j?
ISI Vt " r» V 4 i's° f : Tani PI " 8 101 11:10 A. ■
Tlckts for sale In Mill Vallej or THOS. COOK
P* bOJNS, 6-Jl Market at., S. F. "na«".l«cV?:*
iel>. Ivicpuout:, Aia.u 3U(,^.
Ithif* MANHOOD RESTOREDvS!«
19 / <^ Vrf W9m ZZo? id tion oi a famous French physician, will quickly cure yon of all ncr-
Vl\ v\ 1 \lr '\T vons or diseases of the generative organs, snch as Lost Manhood.
V. £SAI V^ >j.jl ' Insomnia, l'ains In the Back, Seminal Emissions, Nervous Dpbiilty
\ JSt T <mw Pimples, Unfltness to Marry, Exhausting Drnins, Vnrlcocle and
Vr r v -/ Constipation. It stops all losses by day or night Prevent? quick.
V^ / - D6SSOI discharge, which if not checked Ipads to Bpennatorrho9a and
orrnni mn AFTER all tte horrors of Impotency. CUPinEWEcleansea liver, th«
HtrOßfc. (NDHriin kldneysand the urinary organs of impuriUea.
1 CPPI»)FSE strengthens and restores Rmall weak organs. J^'C-
. The reason sufferer-, are not cured by Doctors is because ninety per c*>nt are troubled w!tl|
Proclaim*. CDPIDKNE Is the only fcno remedy to cure without an operation. SOOO testimony
als. A written guarantee given and money returned if six boxes does not effect a permanent cur*
fl.oo a box, six by mail. Send for rRtE circular and testimonials. ■ - m .
Au4t«4« UA% O- jiiiiiilXCA^i-ui CU (| 1170 Market street, San Francisco, < al. Forsa!ei>r
AMDAL SPRING SALE
iiSa fe — — fe fe
Road, Harness, Wtrk ail Draft
HORSES
AND SHETLAND PONIES
From the Ranchos of J. 6. Iliiszin Esq.,
To Take Place on
WEDNESDAY, MAYI 2, 1897
AX 1O O'CLOCK A. M., AT
Corner Market St. and Van fiess Aye.,
SAN FKANCISCO.
HORSES AT YARD SATURDAY, MAY BTH.
KILLIP & CO.,
Livestock Auctioneers,
11 Mon^gomeiv Streer, San Francisco, CaU
RATLWOAO TRAVBT2
BOUTIIKMSI I*A€KFIC COmPAITT?
■ (PACiriO BVMTRM.)
Trnln« icavi- nml arc ilno In nrrlf c a(
SAN FKAN<:iNC«».
i ' (Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
Have — ~ Feom May 1. 1897. — abriv»
~«6:OOa Niles, Ban Jose and Way Stations... •••••••
7:«0,\ A tlantio Express, Ogdeu and Last. . 8:4»r
Benicia. Sacramento, Orotille and
Kedding via Davis 5 J|2 P
7:00 a Vacaviile and Rurcsey :•••• — • Bfls
7:30 a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo. >apa,
Calistoga and Santa Rosa asISV
8»80a Niles, San Jose, Htocktou, lone.
Sacrameuto. MarysTille, Chico,
Tehama and Red Bluff —'l^
•»:B©A Peters and Milton w:I»R
9:00 a New Orleans lOx|>rer.3.Merced,l''resno t
Bakerslield, iSanta liurliara, l.os
Angolfs, Demiiijt, El Paao, New
Orlcanß and East * .s*"
0:OOa Martinez ami Stockton «i ! iij p
8:0Oa Vallejo 12:15p
Kiles, San Joee, LUermore and
Stockton : 7:I P
•I:OOp Sacramento Kiver Steiuners 2 ! VP p
1 :OOp Niles, San Joso and Lirermore 8:43 a
tl:3or Port Costa and Way Stations |7:*3 pi
4:00r Martinez, San Ramon, Vnllojo,
Napa, Calisloga, lil Verano and
Suntaßosa »ils*
4:OOp Benicia, VacaTille, Woodland,
Knights Landiug, Marysvillc, Oro- 1
»illo and .Sacramento •:«ui*
i<BOp Lathrop, StocktOD, Modesto. Mer-
ced, Raymond (for Ycsemite), and
Fresno, going iria Niles, returning ,
via Martimz 12:13»
9:00 Los Angeles Exiiress. Tracy, ■
i Fresno, Mrjave (for Randsburg), ,
Santa ISarbara and l,os AiiKt-lfS. 7i45a,
BiOOp Bauta Te Route, ' Atlautio Express
for Mojave aud i:a3t 7:43
6:O«»p Kuropcan Mail, (>g<len and MrMt.... I">A
Hoynarils, Niles and San Jose 7:4!^a
}N:OWi> Vallejo 17:43*!
8:00r OreßOu Kxpress, Sacramento, Marys-
vilie, Reililing, Portland, Puget
Sound and Kast 7;45a,
x SAS LEAJiOKO A.M» lUVrtAKIIS LOCAL.
- (Foot of Market Street.)
<-6:OOa1 f 77T52
8:0Oa Melrose, Seminarr Park, ,'s*l
iS. : S2a Fitchbu^Elmharst, \i\\st
1:OOa San Leanrlro, South San 'f:}'! 1 *
: ":OOP Leandro, Estßdillo, jaii^P
»a':oop )• Lorenzo, Cher^ : 15 P
4:00p t5:43p
s:(M>p * n * 6:15P
5:30p Ha) wards. ggr
7:OOp 8l«»P
' 8:OOp i Runs through to Niles/ iSl4o^
ttnSS^ tßwnwiiM - ift'iSiss;
KAMA CUIIi! DIVISION (Snrrow (iauge;. '
(Foot of Market Street.) i
17:43 a Santa Cruz Excursion, Santa Cruz ,
and Principal Way Stations JBsOs»
8:43 a Newark,Ceiitervi!le,S:m.lose,Felton,
Uouldcr Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations atamm
•2:15p Newark, Centervllle, San Jose, New r
Alinaden, Felton, Houlder Creek,
SauU Cruz and Principal Way
Stations 'HiM*
4il3r Newark. San Jose and l.os (Jatiw ... 9:30 a.
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
' from SAN FRiSCISCO— Foot of Mirktt Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. U:00 *2:00 t3:o>
•4:00 tE:OO *6:00f.m.
rromOAIUHD— *fßro*dwiv.—*6:OO 8:00 10:OOa.ic,
tl2:00 *l:00 J2:00 -3:00 tt:OO . S:oop.m.
COANT IHVISIOX (Thinl A Tonimenil SU.) j
7:O0a Sau Jose and Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) IIMB
9:00 a San Jose, Trea J'imw, Sunta Crnr,
Pacilic Grove, Paso Robles, San
l.vis Obispo, Guadalupe, burf and
Principal Way Stutiniis 4:13p
Ios4oa San Joso aud Way Stations 6:30p
11:3Oa Palo Alto and \V»y Stations 5:00p
•a-.SOr Sau Mateo, Menlo Park, Sau Jose,
Gilroy, Tres Piuos, Snuta Cruz,
Salinas.Montercy nnd PacilicGrove IO:4O*,
•B::tOpSan Jose and Way Stations 9:45 a,
•4:30p San Jose and Way Stations »S:o3a
s:3OpSau.Tosoatnl Principal Way Stations "8:45*.
6:30p San Jose and Way Stations »:!»4
11:43p San Jose and Way Stations i7t4sr
I A for Morning. P for Afternoon. • ■
• Snndavs cxcepteJ. t Sundays only, t Saturdays ordf
ft Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights oiJy. M
Santa Fe "^^^^%
Limited. J&&SIK
On MONDAYS tnd
THURSDAYS the first- MG!*S*i£Sr&tS&r%
class I'nllman sleeping-car BjTJBMjKJjT'^tl
leavlne at 5 T. M. conceits BBE^^SarSSE
at narstow with the Santa rSB^J^gHEMjKjI
I'« limited tra carrying Jfe^j\ ■iSWffxHßW
dlnlag-car, buffet srookin«- 4*SsfZepjpMJESPj
car and Pullman paluco «J*fc?jisS»jS\j^&
drawing-room «leeplns;-' \skgJS^vdJ»^l
\ for toth Chicago and St. " '»'•«•'■-■•
1 Louis via Kansas City.
IV 2 Uavi to Chicago or St. Louis.
4>A D»y« to New York.
SANTA FE rXPRESS
Leaves dally at Cp. m Pullman palace drawing*
room, also medern upholstered tourist sleeping
cars, thr. uch to I blcago via Kansas City. Annex
I cars for Denver and tjU Louis.
Boston excursions via Kansas City, Chicago,
' Montreal and the White .Mi untalns leave every 1
Tuesday; 8t Paul excursions every S-unday.
Ttck«tOfflce, 644 Market ii'rert, » hron«
Icle bulldiiiff. Telephone Main 1531.
"kortiTpacific coast RAILROAD"
(Via Sausalito Kerry).
From San Francisco, Commencing May 2, 1897.
WEEKDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Kafael— 7 too, •8:1.-j.
•9:45. 11m0 a. m.; "1:45. 3: 0, «:00. 5:15.
•8:00.6:30 P. tl.
Extra trips for Han Kafael on Mondays, Wednes-
days and Saturdays a: 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rifael-*8 :00, »9rf)o,
•10:J0. 11:00. U-83 a.m.; 1:00, *1:46, *2:BJ.
»4:00, 5:30, 6:45. 11:00 P. >i.
11:00 a m. does not run to San Rafael; 6:30 and
1. :0U P. v do not run o Mlli Va 1 >y.
Trains marked • run to San Quentin.
.: THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a v. weekaays for i.'aiad^rj and way sta-
tion*; 1:45 r. m saturiia/M far Caxsdero ani
way stations: 8:00 a. v mndavs for Caxi>dero
and ways ions; 9:03 A. H. .Sund«ys for Po nt
Keyes and way g:^t otn __^______
THE SAI mSCiMO lIJ 811 JJ.KIUII
VALLEY KAILWAY COIPAiIf.
FROM APiili, 16, 1897, passenger tralos will
run daily: :■ ■• :,:.■■■
• boulhbjund. f»tat;om. >or:hboand.
7:20 A. M Siockton 6:10 p. m.
9:49 am Mercerl 3:11 p ic
ll:!0 a M... Fresno l:10p. v.
intermPtllaie s;a. ioassee time-table.
- Connections— At Stockton' with steamboats of
C. N. <fe I. Co., leaving San Frrnclsco nnd S ocktoa
at 6 p. m. daily: a. Merced with s:a?es fr ni Sn*ll-
Ings, »ou teryil c. Yosenitte, .Maipo-a. >tc; at
LanKPrßhlm wl h s age t» arid ironi .Mariera.
a Dr. Giblxm's Dispensary,
flimmP 625KEABNTNT. Established
l^^r^sSt. in INS 4 for the treatment of Hrivata
Dlsetuies, Lost Manhood. Debility or
HnwHR disease wearing on bodyand mind and
JB HI Skin Diseases. doc torcureswhea
JWW^^Mothciifai!. Try him. Charges low.
''iii niininnli i Ciiliorwrito.
i>r. J. »'. taIBBON. Box 1937. Frandsoa
1112
DESPONDENCY AND POISON.
Suicide of a Laborer Who Hnd Been
Out of AVork for a I.onj
Time.
Arthar G. Kempe, b laborer, was found
dead in bed in the Alpha House, fit the
corner of East and Market stree:, at 11:30
o'clock yesterday forenoon. A two-ounce
vial labeled "ilorse liniment for external
use" stood on a small table at the head of
the bed. All the contents save a few
drops were gone, and these smell and
taste like laudanum.
The deceased had been out of work Tor a
lone time and was very despondent.
There is no doubt that he commuted
suicide by taking po ; son. He was a na
tive of England, a-*<l 40 year .
Deputy Coroner McCorrnick removed
the body to* the Morgue.
NO PUNDS IN BANK.
A Pawnbroker's Wayward Son Gets
Himself Into Trouble.
Isadore Wood has sworn 10 a complaint
charging Joseph A. Peckerman, son of a
Third-street pawnbroker, with obtainine
money by false pretenses. A claim is
made that Peckerman owed Wood $15,
and in payment tendered him a check for
$30 on Wells, Fargo & Co.'s bank, receiv
ing the balance in cash.
The check was returned marked "no
funds."
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
J'Baer. Cincinnati B F Langstadter. X V
J LGillls, >acto «: A Williams Lrg Ang
J W Ueptiarn. Chicago Mrs A A r.ingham.Bosm
A B Wood. Detroit Mrs KHoducs.Manchestr
Mrs J W Hepbur.'i, ChgO Mr C.ark & w, Chicago
W J_awrence. i#enver M i'itzseruld, i enver
L V Calderun, Leuver O B W«si, Denver
It White, Lonuon F W McFarland, Stanlrd
J B Peaces. Cal Mrs B F Langntadter, N V
X Hal, England G i Fulfor<l. Canada
a E Kerrill, Denver W ]>eLsham. Me. bourne
L W Harris, N Z R W lintes. London
H R Walker, London W A Mac Gil ivary.l.ondn
Miss Faull, st Helena MrsW P 1- u lei S- Helena
C D Jacob, Louisville D R Jacob, Louisville
H Broge, Denmark Miss X H bosw, Mas*
Miss E Corx», Knghind J 1 i-nrrentail, Boston
P A Burnham. ctili aeo F A GiObon, Los Ang
R N Inc~m«n, Cleveland Mrs b/ft McCaity, Aurora
11 Ltiuublln. I'lno iirs C 11 Rowe.> vanston
W U I'rae'iaiul, Keswick J P Hurse, San Jose
R H Byler. England J C Wiit-er. England
W Griiin. Canada J O Henuerson, lnd
Mrs Hende:son, lnd M salmon, 1 onrton
EGohn, N V J X Clark, Bow«
Miss X l>oj-!e, lnd MrsJ M 1 runkey, Chgo
Mrs M F tiiiv, Newark MnCti Hiitihn.son, Oal
F X H l'nlili|)S, London Mrs M Salmon. Lu..don
<; X tibodman. Napa Captain Fair, London
MrsG X Good n. a:i, Napa Mrs v^ H »el»n I.Keswk
J V Wiser. Oniar.o J Maso-i, Sau .lose
ton J P Wiser, Ontario Mrs X C^hn. N V
M « J X Clark, Bmte B W Carl!, N V
M T Gay. Newark A C Bmgham.Marysyille
J F Bmke, Sau Rafael
RUSS HOUSE.
A Darlington.PlacervlUe W H Hood, Auburn
F 1) Froser, N V J R Bennett, Oakland
J B Mil er, Portland R Eiuparan, Ssnoma
Mrs G B Cochran, Cal Mrs b A isavey, Denver
H C Hopkins, I'etalump A X Koynolds, King City
E J Reyno.ds, King City II E Biselow, i.'Neals
C W Shobel, Cal C A -Murto.i. St Louis
F I'.urnham, Malaya J 1) Lewis, lndepeii lence
H D WUson & w, Cal Mrs s it Ladd. San J<se
J C Kemp, San Jose L H Yates, Laytouville
JB D da, s-a-i;a Kosa X B Willis i-»ao
H Summer, Oaicland G W A. oaleith, sn J'afael
N Gregory, Cal M Po»e I, fan Qu^niln
8 D Wil on, Cal Ji C Brown, .-anta Kosa
J Jordan, ciaklmd R <; Kckis, Arizona
jilrs A Re.d, Tecoma H E Carter &w, Cal
Miss X Caner, 111 Mls-i M Kurjt-, Wis
Miss T Johnson, Cuicago Wm Johnson, Chicago
A Johnson, Chicago Miss R Albert, Portland
W T B:ugassen, Cal L L Paker, Leadvllie
W A Fahey. Livermore li Crawford .V w. Sydney
Mrs Kennedy, -ydney Mrs KKin, Sydney
Wni sitraughan, Sydney T p. scoe, Sydney
Mrs S X i'ascoe. SyUney J li <>uild <fe w. Carson
W G Kays,Lcxlngton,Ky C H K»ys Lexington, Ky
J E Humphrey, i.eiio C H Bankerd. P.tubnrg
H T fcheps.on, Cal J Alexander & w, .-ac;o
Miss A Fosler, St Louis Ali-is c. X i a.--en,>tLouis
W E Kie cricks, Chcago F W «<ardaui. -\ V
A < hullz, N Mcx J Irwin. t anta l'aul3
H E James, >an Joje E KcUettlgan, Vallejo
J N Barton, Cal R C Pearson, Stockton
A McCormack, Cal
Gx'.AND nOTEL
Mrs H Evans, Napa D A Hal', Chicago
R W Kulla, Los Angeles W H Slinnai-an. Andrsn
W P Mathews, J-aclo E X Bol.on Aw.Hol.lster
A L Ward& w.Tauuton V W Har.ley. Vacaville
A J Larson, Lodi X X Miank, sa<:to
J R Attken, Saiinas A GuiliHtue,Grass Valley
Maggie Kane, ireland T Flint Jr. <& w..^anJuau
J Kaufman, Bulir.Mont W W Mi .dledorff.S^linas
TC Jones, Pl.icerville F A Jone.*. Pmc<frville
T A Currie, Wash H k G roomer. M«n s Jose
M J Mason, Saiem, Or R T liurr «fe w, Yuma
B S (Mllespe, Xl I'aso S 8 Panons Fresno
Mrs F T I-osier I'ittsbrg Thos<larK, Placerville
Mrs J Fritch, Findlay, O Mi3s Fritch, Findlay, o
Miss Wolfe, Findluy, O N Hiakeey, st'jcktoa
W Thompson, Portland A FAtrbanit i fm, Sacto
B Fatroaiik, Saco -M W»lser, Jrcs;io
W M Rohrer. Fresno G J A very, Avery
uliougli.Cr iwsLig A fcchloesser & sn, Chcgo
C Anderson, Denver CS Smith, VreKa
It P Black, .-San Jose D liarmou, Nevada City
T FBrosnohan&w.Frsno C J Freeman <fe w, Cal
H R Hathaway, Cal H Blum, ilarti.,tz
J J Gray, Martinez H P Davis, Ljs Angeles
G L Davis, Los Angeles
COSMO tOLITAN HOTEL.
D C Wilson, Silver City G Seetz, Silver City
X enmmtna, h JiOsa M Cumerford Aw, SCrnr
R M fcwan, Gunniaoa SS i-wan, i-unnison
T T Swan, Gunnlson J H llowland, <<unn!son
J r-nllivan. lon Costa A T Jfjhn-t, Butte
C Collins. Tulare D ' onne.ly, I.os Angeles
ILa Vassute* Ai w. Me J Fciute. Kldoiado
L chrlstensen, Alvarado B -" Moiris «fe w, Chicago
1) L Dimmlck <t w, chl G Kay. sneramento
A Hathaway, Vallejo II L - nder ; on. Los Ang
R Motman <fe w, Chicaso A s Porter, Riverside
C Collins, Chualar T V Evans, Stockton
M J Mct'arland. Ireland Mis 1' Ketine.-. oallup'
Mrs J T Shear, Los Ang P Morton, Chinese Camp
C Waterhouse,La (iran,e
LICK HOUSE.
R I Bently, Sacto W Gale, Cal
A McFarland. Napa I Dannenbaum, Vallejo
R Derby, Oakland X A Stevenson. Perk
H Doble. Fresno S J l'aiter-on, Dunlop
MrsS JPatterson.Dunlop miss B Patterson, i'unlop
Mrs A Levy, Pescadeio Mrs A I^e\-y <fe f, Ual
W Ji Carlin, Marysvlile Wm Story &w, Wyo
J H Lake w, San Jose J W Howell, Merced
\V II Stratton. Modesto J A J-arnswortb. Cal
W s Porter, Hanford J W Oatc-3, sania Ro^a
A Strassberger, N V Mrs A strassberger.N V
D Evans, Cai
BALDWIN nOTEL.
C Fremcel, Salinas M Ellis, Oakland
C McKeever, Phi a .f Duncan. Philadelphia
T X Jones, Austin T B I'ritchard. t-ausallto ,
A Seiegmnn, New York L M Kaiser. Ha L Obinpo
C W Hutchinson. s P Co C G Foltz, Boston
Miss X M Foltz. Bos:on P H CorcJ^s & wf, S Jose
A A Gibson, San Jo*e C Mi'ler. hi.o Ktoa
Focarmuck. St Louis F Williams, Fresno
G Berry, l.os Anjeles J CoM lns, Denver
Miss Watts, Butte J Arlinton, I'orland
CRodcers, Por:land Miss Backley, Valiejo
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
P C Mayford, Chlca:o C F Mason Jr, Jersey Cy
C X Wheeler. San .Mateo c X Kothan, Loomis
J PMyler. Cata ma |J I-: SmKn, ( hica^o
F J Kdwards, Chicago U C Hunkuh.on, London
J B Richards <t w. "s'ebr X M I'recherd, Omaha
J W McOown, Piitsburg II Foi y, New Jersey
Mrs Cunoard, Australia E G 'lnrner <fe w, Jacksn
SAN FRANCISCO ••CALL."
BTTBIKESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call—
710 Market Etreet, open until 12 o'clock every
Eight in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery itrett,
ecrnerClay; open until 9:30 O'clock.
?B9 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
815 iarkln street: open until 6:30 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; opes
until 9 o'clock.
S6lB Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth street; open until P :.H0 o'clock.
1105 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
NW, corner Twenty-seconl and Kentucky
streets: op»n till 9 o'clock.
JiOTICK OF MEETINGS.
rS> YERBA BUKNA LODGE X OF
E^ Perfection No. 1 — Stated meeting *w*
THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING, May 7. at j\
Bo'c.oclc yM\
GEO. J. HOBE. Secretary. 4u£&
Bt^S"- REGULAR MF.ETING OF v «3Tn,
O<& the Caledonian Club THIS EVE- *X Qjfl
NING at 8 o'clock, in Scottish Hall, 111 «iTI^
JLarkin St. D. R. McNEILL, Chief. XIJS%
Jas. H. Duncax, Sec.
f^"S=» HARMONY CHAPTER, NO. 124, \
S-Je 7 Order Eastern f-tar. meets TlHh— Jw,
(FRIDAY) EVKNING, Ma.' 7,at 8 o'clock,
for degrees, at 32 O'Farrell St. . W^..
EVA M. HARE. Secretary.
ISS» HARRISBURG, PA.. APRIL 29, 1897.-
-w* ^ s' To whom it may concern: This is to certify
that under the laws of th* Benevolent and Pro-ec-
tive <*rder of Elks UMM can be but one lodire
thereof in any city; that tbe only legal, author-
ized or recognized lodge of the B. P.O. E. In the
City of Sun Francisco is Ban Francnco Lodge No.
3. hich hisits meeting-place aiid loJgeroora in
Cei.tral Hlock. 223 hutu-rst. : that miy other or-
ganization, lodce or society in said city claiming
or pretending to be Elks or members of B. P. O. Jh..
is i. legal and without Autuority.
[Siened-J MEADED. DKTWKILKR,
Grand Exalted Ruler.
Attest: Geobgb a. Reynolds, Grand secretary.
StsS* ANN CAL MEETING— THE REGULAR j
ur-*s annual meeting of stockholders of the
Huicbin&on -v, r ur Plantmlon Company will be
held at tlie oflice of th- company. 327 Market si.,
San I ranciico, Californ a on TUksDAY. the 11th
day of May, 1897, at thf hour of 11 o'clock a. M.,
for me puiposeof electing a board of dire tors to
serve for the ensuing year and tbe. trau.sitciion of
Mien other business as may come before tie meet,
Ing. Transfer boiks will close Jriday, Anril 30-
-mu •'cIOCK w.m. II.IL SHELDON, -ecretary.
SPKCIAI. NOTICKS. , '
rr^s flTx! flax. — the iublic is
S6 ; *' hereb* notlfl»a against purchasini: «n In-
terest in a fl;ix-thr-<Blier, a patent for whieti has
b- ,>n rejected on account of the same being an
infringement on my patent. HU»»H li. LAMuNT.
rtSS= THKY SELL ALL KINDS njf DRY
B*-^' gouds. hosier}-, underwear, bedspreads, tow-
tls, table covers. lace«, embroidery, ilni.igs, trim-
mings, veilinrs, etc.. v.-ry cheap at rioneer Dry-
goods store, 103 Flith st.
8255" TURKISH CABINET BATHS FOR
w-*' gentlemen and ladies. 120Va Geary su,
room 11.
BE^S PKIVAIE lii'ME IN »LD AGK— FOR
B-*^ pavnient of a cer am sum ncaisist security a
few agreeable old gentlemen or married couphs
can scenra a c-omfurtab'e borne and good care tor
life in a rooi private family owning a nice
healthy located home near >an Cruz, well sulud
ior an ideal home in oid age. For personal iuter-
view address Aged, box 2 Call Ollice.
(3^s= BAY CITY TRANSFER CO., REMOVED
\S<£? 'J44 to 3i1% Sutter. lrunksdeiievred, 26c.
ge^» BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR «4:
fcfr-^ rollections made: city or country. Parlllc
Collection Co.. 415 MonUry s:.. room 6: tel. 658 U.
IHTp CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
■Jr-& THE WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address
in the United States or Canada one year for $1 50,
costaie free.
SITUATIONS TVASTEU-FEMALE.
■VTKAr IRISH GIRL, WITH 18 JONTHS'
IN reference, wishes a aituation as cook or sec-
ond cirl; is accustomed to nil kinds of work; l.i-
dies looking for a reliable servant would do we 1 to
secure this one mentioned, see J. F. CiiOSETT
Co., 316 Mittarst. . v
"L^RENCH LADIES' MAID, HAVING THE
JO best of references ns such, desire* a situation.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & C ' 316 Sutler st. «<■
p ERMAN GIRL HAVING GOOD KEFER-
encei for houiework, wishes asiiuation assuch.
Apply to J. F. CROSSE I & CO., Jtl6 Muter st.
VEAT SCANDINAVIAN GIRL FOR GKNER-
IN al housework, wishes sitimtion In AmTicau
family. Apply to J. F. CROSETI <fe CO., 316 Sut-
ter st.
: 1
p F.RMAN EMPLOYMENT OFFICE, MRS
VJ LAMBERT, tel. main 6332, removed to 417
Powell st.
THIRST-CLASS HELP OF ALL KINDS. AD-
r dress Go. den Gate Employment Offlte, 425
Sutter st.
\\T ANTED— YOUR OHDER FOR HELP OF :
" every description. MRs. DRUHM, 21 7 Geary
■\; tel.
yOUSG LADY WISHES TO CARE FOR
X chi.'dren and teach them Fnrlhh. French,
music, fancy work and sewin;; highest rrfer-
emes: city or country: terms moderate. ■ Apply :
L. W.. box lltl. I al.
pOMPETEN I GIRi". FOR GENERAL HOUBE.
\J work in small family: wages moderate. Please
call 3 days or write 237 Eleventh aye., bet. Clem-
ent ana California sts-
VKAI YOUNG GIRL, GOOD WORKER, DE-
1' "ires a position to do housework In pood
family; city or country. ddress A. M.. 205
Clara st. i£OBl
SEAMSTRESS DKSIRES IEW MORE F.N-
gagements at $1 per day: suits rua la from
$3 00 up; il y references. Address 0., 1&03 'lay-
lor -t.
Di:essmaki:u OF la YEAR -' EXPKRI.
ence would iike pes'tion us for. lady or cu:ter
and fitter in fiist-ciass parlors; tailor system used.
L. 1., dox 94. call urhVft
VV'OMAN WISHES PLACE TO DO GENERAL
'» hou.-ework; is a good cook; city or coun'.ry.
Address 10 Whitnuore place, bet. Powell aud
Mason sts.,oiT Washington.
GOOD SE \MSTRKSS WISHES SITUATION
in priv. te family: City or country; U gool
sick ur c and housekeeper, or any position of
trus . Apoly this office or 315i,2 O'Farrell st.
pKLIABLK GERMAN WOMAN WOULD LIKK
It to take care of cnildren or dv any klud of light
crork by the day or mon.h. Please call 435 Ivy
aye-, bet. Hayes and Grove sts.
HMPi.TE.VT WOMAN WISHES SITUA-
CIOMPi-.TENT WOMAN WISHES SITUA-
,' tion in American f..ru Iy; city or country; is
good cook and laundre s; good city reference. 136
. ix tli »i., room 8.
9 GIR; S WANT WORK: SEAMSTRESS,
— h<u-se«ork and washing: $1 a day. Address
167 h -t.
MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN*: WILLING TO DO
any Kind of housework or office work; is good
cook. Ada. ess .0 .i unt »L
SITUATION WANTED BY COMPETENT
O rsorweglan woman, «i:h cli!:d 4 yenrsold, as
cook, housekeeper or day's \vorjc. .417 Harrison.
YUUNG LADY FROM THK COUNTRY
X would like asituation as hoc tekeeper for a gen-
tleman. Call 223 Post St., room 17, third lloor.
piOD GERMAN COOK I KsIKES BITUA-
X tion; city or country; Willing and obliging.
Call 6-' l California st.
TRONG AUSTRIAN GIRL WISHES A
0 place for general housework and p.airftfooking.
163 Tehnn:a s:., upstairs. \
/-I -T LAKKIN— BRANCH OFFICE Oi' THE
Oil) C^LL. Subscriptions and want ads taken.
VtAT AMERICAN GIRL WISHES SITUA-
IN lion todogeneral housework in small family;
moderate waje.s; city or country. 369 Jessie su
WOMAN, WIIU A CHILD, WISHES TO DO
>» any klcd of housework; city or coun ry.
lly 2 Minna St., room 33.
r^AN!SH GIKL WISHES POSITION FOR
\j K-.-:ieral houseworic; wages $20. 102 Mission.
yOUNi; LADY (STRANGER) DESIRES
X housekeeper's place in &ent'.emau's home.
lloom 1, 207 I'ost st.
pIRL WITH >.XPERIBNCfi WOULD LIKE
X position In bakery. Address E. A. 8.. Ca.l
Branch, Sixteenth and Mis>io:i sts.
PROTESTANT GIRL WOULD LIKE POSI-
X tio to do general housework : wages $15 to $20.
1129 Howard su
•t l"l NINTH HT.-BRANCH OFFICE OF
IDJ Till* Call; isubacnptloa and warn ads
taken.
EASTERN WIDOW. i-ATE OF FIFTH ST.,
would like position as hLtisekeepcr. 209 Eduy
St., room 12.
XP..KIENCRD NURSE WOULD LIKE FEW
engagements by ladies orinva.ids; good in any
sickness: tolored: best reference: no objection to
country. O. N., box sa, Call Office.
pXPBKIENCED QKHKAH GIRL WOULD
JLj like to lv a-t or to Eu ope taking care o: in-
valid lady or children if full or half fare is paid.
Address German Girl, 621 Geary st.
\'OUNG GERMAN WOMAN OF i>3, WITH
X ]-year-;)ld child, would like a pcslllon; is a good
cook and worker. 670 Walnut aye., bet. Pos; and
butter, near Lagunn.
GERMAN WOMAN WISHX B SITUATION TO
VJT do generui housework *nd ka<p house; from
$10 to $12 per month; no objection to country.
al>4 Howard st.
WIDOW (STRANGER IN CiTY) WANTS A
P'-slt on as housekeeper for note , widower or
need couple; widower preferred. Address W. W..
box 63, UalL .;;.::
"yoUNG GERMAN WOMAN WOULD LIKE
X work by the day good was *er: wnget $ L a day.
670 Walnut aye., bet. i'os: and Sutter, nr. Liguna
BY KLDERLY LADY AS HOU.-EKKEPKR
In widower's family or for bachelor; best refer-
ences: tlty or lountrv. M. A., 1563 Fifth si.,
Oakland.
WOKKING HOUSEK.KEPEK WISHES POSf-
« ' tion; is neHi and trusty: countiy preferred.
Apply H. H., box 88, < all OHice. ; < .
Ty-ANTED — SITUATION FOR CHAMBER-
" maid and waitress. Apoly at present employ-
er's, 2411 Jackson st.
PELIABLE WOMAN WISHES WORK BY
it the day In private fami y; $1 a day and car-
fare. 114 Fuur.h 5.., room 43.
yOU.NO LADY WANTS POSITION AS TYPK-
X writer or pyist- Call 83b Mission, room 2.
pOLOREI) WOMAN WISHES SITUATION TO
\J do cnerai housework, cooking, numng, work-
In; by tbe day or washin: to do a: home; wa-iM
$15 to $20 or $1 10 per day. Address W., box 77,
Call ou.ee.
f^l r LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
xJXO CALL, tubscnptlons and n ant ads taken.
■yOUNG FRENCH WIDOW, GOOD DISPOSI-
X lion and ol experience, dcsi:es a hoosekeeper's
place in widower's or bachelor's home. 122 Pojt
St., rcom 2.
yOL'XO WIDOW (STRANGER) WISHKS A
X position In gentlemari'B home as housekeeper;
city or country. Call after 12, 120 E.lis st., room
17, second floor. 1 . :■-. ■:-. .
p ERMAN* WIDOW WISHKS SITUATION;
vT cooking, washing and Ironing. 38 Tehama su,"
upstairs.
yOUSB- GERMAN GIPL WISHES SITIA-
X tion to do light housewok; wlil sleep at homo.
Callor address lit) AlLion aye. ■■•
■VTOUNG WIDOW wolld LIKE POSITION
X as housekeei er; city or country. Call 12 Eddy,
room 15.
■yOUIsO WIDOW WISHES POSIT AS
X housekeeper i. i bachelor's or wluower's home.
Room 1, 106 Fourth st.
f>-\ C LARKIN— OFFICE OF THE
\JXO CALL. Subscriptions and want ads taken.
YOU.vO GERMAN WIDOW DESIRES PO-
X sltion as huniekeeper. Call 120 a t ddy su,
room 7.
yOOXG LADY (PARISIAN) IN REDUCED
Jl circumstances would Hie paying housekeeper's
place; hotel, Lacheior'a or w<c!ower's borne pre-
ferred. llfi Market et., room 31.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 7, 1897.
FITFATIOXS WAXTED-OontJnnM.
OPANISH LADY, 28, WILL TAKE CHARGE
kj ft loiiKing-house, or housekeeper's posiiion;
no other but rellxb c persons ueed an»»ver. Ad-
dress >. L . box 77. » all ulHce. Ss9sl
yOING LADY DEUIKES A POSITION AS
X housskeepor. Call 620 Bush St.. room 21.
yOUNO FRENCH WID >W, AMIA t'.LE AND
X accomplished, wants posl.ion as housekeeper;
bachelor or widower's trome; city or oountry.
Itoooi 2, 12OVs Geary st.
"nrA.VIEI) — POSITION AS GOVKBKEfS
' » duringthe summer months by a Stanford stu-
dent. Addr ss M. H.. Stanford University.
SW COX. MXTKKNTH »T.. NEAIt MIS
s.on: branch ollic« of THa Caix. t>ui>-
t: liplions and want ads t.-.ken.
POSITION BY YOUNO LADY AS CASHIER
J. or iUMs:ant in doctor's or dentist's office, or ptio-
tograph gallery : best of references. AdJresi *>. F.,
box 181. Call Oflice - ' '
SITUATIONS TVAXTED MALE.
piIINESE <fc JAPANKSE; KST'D £0 YKAHS:
he!p:tel.maln 19»7. BRAt»LIiY A:Cv»..640 Clay
SAM KEK— CHINESE AND JAPAN KM-
-0 ployraent oflice 611 V3 Bush st , nr. Grant aye.
HUNTER <fc CO.. CHINESE AND JAPANESE
employment office, removed to 614 Vi Califor-
I nia St.. near Keurnv. 'Jel. main 231.
pHINESK AND JAPANF.XK EMPLOYMENT
\J ollice: best help. 414Vb O'Farrell. Tel. K. 426.
JAPANESE. CHINESE KMPLO YMT OFFIOK:
waiters, bousecleaners. 30 Geary: tel. Grant OtJ
AN AND WIFE, EASTERN PEOPLK, PRl-
vate pace; man understands general work in
private DUce. good driver: wife competent house-
Keeper, cook or second wor*; both competent
house servants. Address B. 8., box 123, Call.
AN, YOUNG. AS GARDENER, MILK, ETC.:
can care for horses if rpquired; fouryears' ref-
erences last place; small wages. Address P. S.,
119 Fourth st.
MAN WISHES POSITION AS HANDY MAN
around housi: can handle horses and cattle:
is eood gardener and carp#ner and driver; city or
country. H. 8., box 76, C»II Office
f? i C LAKKIN— BRANCH OFFICB OF THE
DIO CALL: subscriptions aim want ad< taken.
TNTEI LIGENT, SOBER YOUNG MAN
1 wishes w«.rk in wholesale house or like; will
put up small capital fcr security: best references.
Address L. 0., lox 99, Call Office.
rpHOROUGH ACCOUNTANT OF WIDE EX-
Iptrience: temporaiy or p rmanent. Address
C. A., box 18, Call Office.
1)OSITIO\ AS JANI lOR OR HOTEL WORK:
5 years' experience in plumbing. J. 11., box
lOS.'CkII Office, Oakland.
pOACHMAN AND GAKDENER WISHBI
\J position: Oakland and s»n hafael references.
Address C. G., box PO. Call Office.
HANDXOMK BOY WAVI'S JOB AT WORK
aroutui house: inside or out; baa reference.
151/2 Sumner st.
(*\ C LAKKIN- BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
UliJ CALL. Subscriptions and want ads taken.
SITUATION WANTED BY EXeKRIENCKD
retail grocery clerk; city or country. H. L,
box 86, Call.
A DVEKHsING MAN
-.*A. of long experience on leading dally of New
York City seeks position in newspaper or commer-
cial home: hhjbes; references. Address MON ,
box 34, Call Office.
pOMPETENT CUSTOM CLOTHING CUTTER
\J wishes position with some local merchant
tailor; hlpbesl reference: wage* no object. M. T.,
box li! 9, Call.
\ LL-AKOU.N'D BLACKSMITH, ;WITH FAM-
A ily, desires plaie i city : undarstands wooden
wurlc. Call oi add'-eis 105 Caroline su, be .. Ninth
and Tenth, oil' Foisoin.
TaUSTWOKTHTf YOUNO COUPLE WANT
•tltua.loiii; man gooii gardener, hostler, a'l-
round handy about place; wif- liru-ciasi cook
and housekeeper; are capab'e. of tii-.ln? charge of
place during own»r'i» absencn; have best of refer-
ence. P.ease call be ore 1- a m. 513 McAllister.
pEFINED AND PLEASANT GENTLEMAN
It (35 yeais) speaking Knglish, French, Spanish,
Italian nnd h litile German, desires position as
companion, teacher or manager in ptivace family;
highest references: salary $30. Address care oi
DR. ÜBAMMOMT, 1106 Van .\e^s aye.
SUBSCRIPTIONS AND W A-\ 1 ADs FOH THE
SUBSCRIPTIONS AND WAN 1 ADS. FOH THE
O CAi.LUiken at braucu utUce, wa liayei »v;
open until V:'6j o'clock.
pOACHMAN, THOROUGHLY COMI'KTENT,
\J wans situation; care for garden, milk, etc.;
ample city reference. Address J. V., box 68, Call.
WANTED-BY COMPtTf N t ACCOUNTANT
« t who Is employed ouring the day, set of Looks
to keep in eveaing. H., 346 McAllister st.
FIRST-CI.ASS BELI^HANGINO AND ELEC-
tric gas-light. at low rates: work guaranteed.
Address B. H., box 32, Call.
e\n MONTUOMIfiRY COi'.NEK OF CI.A V—
OZ. I open uiui 9:3U o clock; branch oflice of
tbe Call: subscriptions aud want adt. taken.
RELIABLE YOUNG MAN WANTS SITUA-
Xt tion as teamster or any work in city: wages
n- n:il>..-. Cull or addiess 434 Third st.
pOOD GARDENER, UNDKRSTANDS HAND-
VI ling r.orses, good <ir.ver, good mllKer, de.'ires
situation private residence; 7 years' references.
G., box 19, Call. i£?gg
COACHMAN, 10 YKARS EXPERIENCE;
\J thoroughly competent; Al horseman; good
gardener; s:nctly sober; ci y and Kaslern refer-
ences: single. Address N. P. .NELSON, care of F.
M. WjLSON. Eerkeley.
\\' ANTKD — BY FIRS I -CLASS PHOTOQ-
*» rapher of long experience, position as ouera-
tor or primer, or will take entire cnarge gallery.
Address I'hon grapber, box IUo, Call Office.
JANITOR WITH EXPERIENCB WANTS A
O position: can give good city references. Ad-
dress J. G. L , 304 l-.ast Twelfth su, Oakland.
BRAN (11 OFFICE Ol' TliK CALL. 167 MNTH
X> bt. — Want ads und subscriptions taken.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST., NR.
»" Market: 200 rooms »'sc to *1 60 per night:
Si 60 to $ ti per week; convenient and respectable;
irrr bin and ba' lraue to ani iiom tee lerry.
FE3IAtE UKLP WASTED.
HEAD WAITRESS, $25 TO $30 AND ROOM; i
9 good wnitresst-s, city, $20 and room: 7
waltresnes, $15 and room: 3 chaniberalnids nnd
wait some, $20 and room; 4 chamberma ds, $16
1 m t room, wnlt some; chambermaid. $15 nnd
room; 3 waitresses. $12 and room 4 wa.iresse*.
$.i a week; 10 waitresses, $5 a week; lunch and
dnner waitress: 3 waitresses. $1 per day: wait-
resses ior Hsywards. Belvelere and Truckee.
MA KTI N <fc CO., 749 MarKet st,; oflice open fiom
ti:3o a M. to 9 p. m.
p IRL CALIFORNIA feT.,?2O: GIRL, WASH-
<J ing on st , $15; girl, Sutt r St., $15: girl. Gol-
den tj-.i.0 »ye., *15; nirl, Vullejo. $;0; girl, Wish-
inston »'., 62 J; German girl, nobakine $15: cook,
no housework. $20; cook, no nousework, $26; girl,
Eddy st., $20; French or Spanish cook, $25; girl
f< r Santa rii/.. *i&; girl, Dcv sadero. $15; girl,
Livermore, $15; rl, Gotigh si, 2in family, *15;
housekeeper, Merced, Cal.; 27 young girl-t, »8. $10
ani $I.J per month. nM|I , etc. M \ UTIN <te Co.,
749 Marke: St.: ollice open til 9 p. v.
COOK, JVO AND ROOM; COOK, 525; COOK,
$3u and room. MAR TIN <fe CO., 749 Market.
(j GOOD IRU.N'KItS: STEAM LAUNDRY.
0 MA t. TIN & CO., 743 Market st.
EAT HOUSEWORK GIRL OR WOMAN,
J.l country, $15; Alam>>da County, $15; lfi house-
work girls, city and country, $20 and $2b; 8 young
girls, assist, $10 to $15- iliiid CULLEN, 323
sutter st.
TTOUSEWORK GIRL, GRASS VALLEY, $20;
XX nurse, same bouse, *'J5. JMlfeS CULLEN,
3-3 Suiter st.
p KKMAN HOUSKWORK GIRL; 825. MISS
CULLEN, 323 Suiter st,.
TjJOt'SKWOKK GIRL: NO WASH; $20. MISS
XI CULLF.N, 3-3 Sutter st.
\TEAT YOUNG GIRL AS NURSE; $]0. MiS3
IN CULLEN, 323 n uttor st.
SECOND GIRL; i?.'J. MISS CULLEN, 323
Sutter st.
AJURSEGIKLTO WORK AFTERNOON-, $10;
Ii slec-p home. MISS CULLEN, 323 Suttor st.
G" ' ERMAN COOK, $30 TO $35. MISs CULLEN,
VJ 323 Mit tor st.
EKINED GERMAN* NUR*E, $20. MISS
CULI.EN. 323 Sotter st.
pOLOREDOntL, HOUSEWORK; GIRT, $15 3
V lv family. Mls-s CULLEN. 323 Sutter su
\.-OUNG NURSEGIRL. SAN MATEO, $10.
1 MIS 3 CULLED, 32J butter St.
HHAJIBKRMAID AND \VAITRESP, $20
\J -MIHB CULLEN, 323 Hulter St. _.
U'AMfcil-5 NEAT WAITRESSES FOR
*» coffee-home and restaurant, $5 a weeic;
French nurs--, $26; Gorman second fcirl, $21);
starch ironer. $25; German nurse, $25; Gem.an
or • can<liiiavlnn g:rl for housework for family of
3 in SausalUo, $20: a uumber of German, Scan-
dinavian and neat Irish gir.s ior ceneral house-
work, $20 and $26; yonng girl general house-
work, no wnsh, $20. Apply to J. F. CKOSKTT <&
CO., 316 Sutter st.
XT EAT YOUNG GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK,
IN small iaruiiy, Napa county, 915; fare paid.
MUIiI.AV <fc RKADY, Leading Employment
Agents, b34 and 636 Clay fit.
\\f AITRESS, COUNTRY HOTEL, $20, FARE
*» paid: ir.ner for a country laundry, » 20 and
founi; -;• German or .- candina vlan chainbennuiJ.
country hotel, *2u. MURRAY A RK-DY, Lead-
Ing Employment Agents, 634 and Clay st.
pHAMBERMAID, $15; COOK, $25: NIiRSE-
\J girl, sleep home, $J2. MRS. HIRD, 721 Ellis.
nKLP WANTKD-Contlnaed. "'
Head WAITRESS, fikst-cla^s family
hotel, ell}-. $30; chi mbermaid »nd wmt one
meal, $ 0: arm and checu waitres«, $25; rev.au-
rant waitress, $15 aad room. C. R. HANBEN A
CO., 110 Geary st.
J COOKS, PRIVATE FAMILY. CITY, $25;
*1 8 girls, housework, city, $20: il"', housenork,
stock'on. $20, see parly here; wonuvn to a sisl In
kitchen woik. $15; c-ok. small boarding home,
$20; 10 girls to assist bousewoik. $15; young Ger-
man girl for light work. $12: 4youngc>ns to assist,
$10. , C. H. UANSKN ACM.. 110 Geiiry Et.
OOK FOR lIOTKL. NEAR CITY, $40. C. X,
HANSEN & CO . 1:0 Geary st.
WAITRESS, COUNTRY HOTEL; $25. C. R.
TT HANSEN A CO., 110 Geary St.
SCANDINAVIAN COOK, $30; SECOND GIRL,
$20; 4 ghls, homework, $2.1: housekeeper,
$20; 4 girls, country, $20: girl, light work. $10 to
»12; 4 nursegirls, $10 to $12. MRP. NORTON,
315 (-utter st.
IpRKNCH NURSK. »2.: ELDERLY WOMAN,
J- assist. $10: Japanese woman. tflO; lowest
fees. coiden Gate Emplo.ment Office. 425 Eutter.
GIKLS LOOKING KOIt pitSl'l lONS WILL DO
well If they cal on MRS. D.tUHM, 217 Geary.
lADIKS, ARE YOU LO KINO iOli. SOME-
XJ itiin^ to ili. 1 .- we will heipyou. '1 ake elevator,
room 38. 14 McAllister si.; a few more earueit
workers wanted.
GIRLS OF ALL NATIONALITIES TO FILL
various poiltions from $15 to $30. MRS.
LAMBERT, moved to 417 Powell St., near fcutter.
TVTANTED— ATTRACTIVE GIRL FROM 16
TT to2oyearsof age to learn rlfie-.tho-ning with
traveling show; go d wages. Apply between 12
and 4 o'clock at SHREVE A BARBER CO.'S
gun s.ore, 629 and 631 Kearny st. j
■ .
WANTED— LADY SOLICITORS TO INTRO-
II duce a new line of female remedies; must be
experienced: no o. hers need appy; good induce-
ments to right par ies. Apply smurday eve. bet.
7 and 9, r. 3*3 Spreckels building. 927 Market st.
W"AN lED— WOMAN WITH NO INCUM-
TT brances to act as comptnlon and house-
keeper to a wiuow living at tier home; must be
American and ab.e to play piano. Apply W. L.,
box 35, Call.
HI X LAKKIN — BRANCH OFFICE OF THK
WJ - -' s Cali.: subscriptions and want ads. taken.
"U"XPERT LADY PARTNER IN GROWING
XJ typewriter agency: well-equipped office; no
cash outlay. 43 Thurlow block.
WOMAN WHO KNOWS HOW TO MAKE
TT wrappers. Apply 523 Market St., room 16.
GIRL FOR HOUSEWOKK-. GOOD PLACE
to right girl. Apply 1616y Fulton st.
OOK. GERMAN I'REFERRED. SHORT Dls-
tancj in Country ; small family. 614 Post.
4 MARKET ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF THK
Call: want ads and subscriptions taken.
VOUSG WOMAN TO DO HOUSEWORK AND
J- sleep home. 201 Powell st.
IRL TO ASSIST IN SEWING. 12 MOST-
g'jniery st., roim 8.
TIT ANTED- WAITRESS. 2130 FILL-
TT more st., near bacramento.
"YOUNG LADY AS COMPANION. CALL
X hf.er 10 a. m. 864V2 Mission st., room 3.
GIRL TO ASSIST IN HOUSEWORK. 843
Castro st. :■:--:;■-_
f MAKKU' »T.— BRANCH OFFICK OF IiIJS
tt Call: want ads and subscriptions taken.
GIRL TO It FOR BABY: BEST REFER-
VJT eiice r.-quired; wages $10. 404 Oa!c st.
ENGLISH GIRL WANTED FOR GKNERAL
housework; wuges J2O. 102 Mission st.
r> IHLS LOOKING FOR positio>s will do
VJ well if they call on MRS. I'RU HM, 217 Geary.
WANTED— first-class STaRCH-IRON-
TT ers at St. Nicholas Laundry, Seventeeuth nnd
l-'o.som s s.
ncn/< MISSION bT.— BRANCH OFFICK OS"
_«.)_. V) Itih. Calx.; tubscripuuiu *.ud Wltui »Uj
taken.
VINISHEKSAND APPRENTICES ON CUS-
r torn vests. 628 Jessie s., bet. 7th and Bth.
BEST AND QUICKEST PLACK ON EARTH
to learn dre>smaking and millinery; patterns
25c: call and see our mammoth institution. Jlo
DUWKLI's, 103 Post St.
MOST CONVENIENT AND REMPECTABLK;
Winchester House, 44 inird Ft., near {.tartest;
•-0I rooms: 25c to $1 5J per night; $1 60 to $i
per week: free 'bus and liacKava to and irum irrry.
/'I r LAKKIN — BRANCH OFFICK OF THE
*'IO CA ■ U Bubscrlntioni anil want ndi tHken.
MALE HELP WANTED.
PANTRYMAN, 30; DISHWASHER, $20
XT and room; 2 wiiun, $20 iind room; second
cook, f5 a week; »ecoml cook, $7 a week: w»iter,
$30 i.iul room; dlshna«her, Jl2 and room: 2
waltori, $25 nnd room. MARTIN A CO., 749
Market st. : office open till 9 p. U.
OOK, $S5 AND ROOM; COOK, $40 AND
rcom: cook, $50 a' d room: second coo<. $35
and room: cool-:, $30 and room: second cook, $10
a week. MAll IIN A CO., 749 Market ot.
\J AN FOR PRIVATE PLACE, $10. ETC: BOY
i»« for kitchen-work: elderly man as dishwasher:
errand-boy, $2 a week. MARTIN A CO., 749
.Market st.
JM'ANF.SE HOY, CHAMBKK WORK AND
unit *ome, $4 a week, room etc. : .lap nese boy,
family, 815, etc. MARTIN A CO., 749 Market.
BLACKSMITH HKLPER. SHOEING, ETC.;
$30, board, room, e:c. MARTIN A CO., 749
Juarketst.
OA TO 40 LABORERS; CITY. MARTIN A
LM CO, 749 Market st.
QA FABJIKR«, OHCHA.RD AND VINEYARD
■OV hands, *25 and $20; 3 choremen, $10 and
$15; fa American f rm*:rs lor an American ranch,
$20 anil foui <1: man to take contract to cultivate
K-iO acres nr vineyard; 2 young men to work in a
garden, $16; lv milke's $20. $22 and $25: cheese-
ijinkcr. No. 1 place, $30 and found; butter-maker.
$3J: 20 laborers city work. $25 per month, ro.ird
and bid; 20 woodrhoppers, $1 10 cord: lv men to
build a cana , flO nnd found: 36 more r ilroad
teamsters nd laborers; VO drillers for quarry,
$1 76 a day; 4 curb-setters, 8c per foot; 20 Italian
laborers: blacksmith for n ramp, $45 and found:
cooner. lime barrels hla^kimitu for a rnnc*i, 945
and found; stableman, $35; man to run a com-
bined harvester, $3 day or $9J per muntn nnd
found. MURRAY A READY, Leading Employ-
I ment Agents. 034 and 63t» Clay xv, telephone 5348
M..ln.
Q(?Q MEN AND STRONG BOYS WANTED
OUO to-day, at $)5 to $90 per m"ntli ana found:
rend carefully the following few positions: chef
cook Mini dishwasher, .same country lintel, $90 and
fo,iud: 3 hotel cooks, $'-'5, $36 and $80: cook ami
wife. $35; 2 waiters. $25 ajiil $30: 3 dishwashers,
$30, »2'J ant $15: waiter, $5 p*r week: youn--
man to work In ■ chee>e factory: olil man to wait
on table: man to work in a laundry, $J0 trul
found: butcher- (hop work, city. $30 and found,
including washing. M U RRAY A REA DV, Lead-
ing Empiovment Agents, 634. 639 Cluy St., tele-
phone Main.
pARRIAGE BLACKSMITH, NEAR CITY,
\J $2 50 a day; blacksmith, city. 460; cooper,
nrarcitv. $2 s()a>lnv; r»nch nlacksml.h, $1 FO a
d:iy and board; 4 f.trnifri, *20; 8 farmers, 15:
farmer who can ■■.:-,,■ 6 horses, $20 and Ixiaril ;
farmer, sinal! pla>-p. near city. <15; German
milker. n«,r city, if : '.O: 2 4-mnle teamsters, cl y,
$1 75 a day: 4 laborers. city, $1 75 a day: butler
nnd cheese maker. C. K. HANoEN A CO., 110
Geary at.
LAUNDI'.YMAN AND WIFE, BOTH FIRST-
XJ iluss Ironers. for country laundry, $100: laun-
drvmnn and wife 10 wa*h and iron: baker, coun-
try shop, $50: recond cook, restiurant, city, $45.
C. R. HANSEN A CO., 110 Geary St.
CA RAILROAD TEAMSTERS, $20 AND
<-}\J found, for a new road, wa tte>l to-.lny, re-
duced lare. Appl,- 10C. K. HANSEN A CO., 110
Geary st. i,
rA LARORKRS FOR A NEW RAILROAD,
O\J 81 7 da,-; wanted to-day ; reduced fare.
Apply C. R. HANSr.N A CO., 110 Geary st.
VY r ANTKD-6 LABORKRS, $1 75 A DAY:
TT fmm>M for Contra Costa and San Mateo coun-
ties, $.»,; milkers, $20. see boss In city; hlack-
"ni h. $>0; blacksmith's helper, $1 a day 'and
found; 5 wootlchoi>pers, 70c, $1 find $1 25 per
cord; woodturner and machine man for country,
30c to 35c an hour: coo!cs, waiters, disnashern
and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT * CO., 628
Sacramento st. -
WANT KD-KAN.-H BLA> KsMITH. $40
TT and found; ali-round blacksmith for country,
$50; 4 farmers for vineyard, $'^0 nndfoun<l: 'i
farmers for good place, near city, $20 and found:
night watch ma-i and doorkeepi r for Ins.] ution In
the city. $10, board and washing, good home: alsA
cooks, waiters, A snwastiers, mi:E?rs, etc. W. W.
E W i-.R ACO , 6*6 Clay St. r ,
WANTF.D-OERMAN WAITER, BOARD-
Ing-house, $v) 5; waiter, pUln hotel. $25;
waiter for restaur.tn*. $25: bntlrr. countrr, $36:
iiUlk dishwasher, $30; coachman, *.>5, bwedish
preferred, at ANDRfc.'.", 30* Stockton st. •
ILKKR. COUNTRY, $25: 2 MEN TO PITCH
hay. $20: man to make lamale*. $20 and
board; farmhand, $1 5: cultivator for vln»yard;
choreman, $15. , R. T. WARD, 608 and 610 Clay.
2 COLORED BELLBOYS, $5 EACH AND
iound. MRS. DRUHM'B Employment Office,'
217 Geary. - .
GOOD WAITER: YOUNO MAN; WAGES
$16. M tS. BPENCER, 1821 Park, Alameda.
TAPANEBE LATTXDRYMAN. $25. HOTEL
•J GAZETTE, 420 Kearny St. .
eamen wanted immediately for
Enropeand otherwise. 122 Washington St..
upstairs. •
ANTED — MAN Ml HO • LNDERSIANDS
TT nursery work and to do plain cookinz: wages
$15 per month. 612 Haight st. - j
ANTfeD — 3 fXPEttIENCED < BUSiiElr
men at RAPHAr.L's>.
fTFT,T» WANTED-ContlTinM,
GOOD STRONG BOY WANTED TO WASH
dishes aid bp genrr.illv useful; one who Mvrs
at liorue preferred; wages $3 a week. 803 Powell.
/""I OOD BARBER WAHTKD FOR SATURDAY
■ "Tand Sunday. Apply Friday morulng, 1536
Kentucky st.
TIT ANTF.D— NICB. CLKAN STEADY BOY
TT to make himself gen rally useful at the New-
Vienna Cafe, 107 Larkin st. v; ■ 5
f'rj M.MH fel". — IU'.ANCH OFFICE OF
JO 'inn iaju,; tubscriptluu «i.v want ads.
taken.
"VTEAT EKRAND-EOV FOR JKWELRY-
1> store; reference. Address N. E., box 10, Call.
ENERAL TAILOR FOR COUNTRY. BEIbS
VJ BROS. & CO., 26 Sutler St.
FAINT-BUR WITH TOOLS READY TO
X work; cnll ear y. 317 Powell st.
FURST WAITER wanted, PARK HOTEL,
X 26 Turk st.
BAKER, COUNTRY SHOP, tS<). APPLY 509
Keamy st., room H.
9:91; MISSION — HUBbCRIPTIONS A.&l*
JLO£.\) want ads taken for THK CALL.
A NTED — GERMAN WAITER AT 17
TT Washin;ton
BARBER WANTED FOR bATURDAY AND
J-> Sunday. 227 Srcund st.
niSHWASHEB, $15. MISS CULLEN, 323
XJ .- utter st.
W. COR. BJXTKENTH ai., NEARMISHION;
branch office ot Tv« Vall. bubscriptions and
want ads taken. ~V ;.v :
STEADY MAN FOR COUNTRY PORTION;
must have (5, expense money. Boom 3, 9
Geary st.
I>ARBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL REC.
X) p. c. Barbers' Assn. S. FUCHS, 325 Grantave.
TOURNEYMEN BAKIiKRK- EJIPLOYMji^r
0 secretary M. BIfiRNARD. 102 seventh sc
FIRST-CLASS TAILORS ON LADIES' CLOTH
X coals and suits: apply immediately. H.
LIEBEB A CO., 133-135 Pos. St.
ARBERB; 4-CHAIR SHOP MUST B hi SOLD;
present owner solnf East; party with cash can
buy cheap. Address B. P., bot 2, Lall Office.
\\f ANTKD— PKOTU-KNGRAVER; ONE WHO
TT elthe a good line etcher or line photos-
rapher. Ajply McCAIiE A SONS, 611 Mercaant.
"UTANTED-STEAI'Y MAN TO ASSIST IN
TT taking orders in siore and make himself gen-
erally useful; nui!*t have $160 cash and be satis-
fled with $18 a week to start. 777 Market, rm. 7.
>OOD, STEADY SHOEMAKER FOR NEW
VI work and repairing. 2140 Fillmore st.
99Q HAVES— BRANCH OFFICE OF THK
*JOy Call; subscriptions and want ads taken.
EAMEN IMMEDIATELY FOR ENGLISH
O and American vesse s. 37 Pacific st., nr. D»vis.
V\TANTED-2 BOYS TO PEDDLE PLANTS ON
TT comiutis on. Call 612 liaight su :-:^
fljOnfi COOK as PARTNER, CHOPHOUBK;
«JPii,UL». $100 monthly. App.y oarber,22 Mason.
3 -CHAIR BARBER-SHOP; CHEAP, ON AC-
count of departure for Europe. 114 a Fourth.
TjIORGOOD REPAIRING CALL AT CENTRAL
X 1 Repaiiing Shoeshop, 1634 Market St., bet. Lar-
kin and City Hall aye., or 749 Mission St.; large
stociC of new and second-hand shoes on sale ; shoes
made 10 order, any siyte, k'S ud
OAT, VEST AND PANTS MAKERS WANT-
ed. Apply at 11 a. m. at Stevenson-st. en-
trance to Cn RLE 3 LYONS', London ailor, 721
Market it >. .. : .
FIRSTCLABS BARBKRS FURNISHED BY
X International Union Free .Employment Bureau,
34 Fourth St., Ihe Modern. I. LESS, t-ecre.tary.
QOQ IIAYKS bT.— BRANCH OFFICK OF
OOU iuu Calx.; kubscrlptioiu ana waiu j.as
taken.
T ADIKS 1 SOLING, Soc; MEN'S SOLING, 60c;
XJ fine shoes made $2 up. 662 Mission St.
t)()f\(\ PAIR. ANOTHER LOT VS sHUK.s,
±.\>\)\j been d» mace* by wa'.er, v. less than one-
fourth their value, lrorh 75c up to $2 60. 662
Mission st bet. First aud hecond.
"lIT AN D— MEN TO LKARN BARBER
»T trade; shops, tools, positions furnished: 8
weeks required. S. F. Barber College, 138y Eighth,
ELCHO HOU-K. Bb3J^| MARKET ST.—
li 20c. 25c to 60u nlchi. $1 to $2 weeic
rtl.7 jsiuNTGOAiii.it 81., BRANCH OFFICK
« >— i uihiliu. nautads auu nuuacxipuouj
taken.
THE ROSF.DALE 321 ELLI*— CHEAPEST
and best lodging-house north of Market st.
INGLE ROOMS 100 AND ICe NIGHT, 60c
and 75c week. Lindell House, blxth and Uowad.
ROOMS, 150 TO 75c PER NIGHT; 50c TO $1 50
XV per week. Oriental, 226 Drumm st.
\\T ANTKD — LABORERS AND MKCHANICS
11 to know that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprie-
tor, sill! runs Denver Hoosd, 217 Third St.: lad
■urge roams: '-'5c per night: $1 to $i per week.
EfclMoN WANTS 100 Mi N TO i.fci BOC-
. tie beer or wini 6c : best tree lunch. tS43Clar.
BEST IN CITY— .SINGLE ROuMS, 18, 20 ANO
25 cents per night: $1. $1 25. $1 60 per wee*.
1 aclllc House, 'ommerci&l and Leidesctont sis.
inn MEN TO TAKK LODGING AT 10c, 15a
J UU and 20c a ntgut, inclnding cutto* »U4 »oiU.
124 Washington St., near Kearny. ;""■■/•
WANJ ADS AND bUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
The Cau are taken at Branch Otliu* eoutn-
west corner Sixteenth and Mission sts.
WANTED— ROOMS, ISO A DAY: $1 '
week; rooms for -2 25c a day. $1 50 a woes:;
rradlng-room: daily papers. 5-6 Clay st. •
\\l AiNTED.TOCOLLKCI' WAUKs DUE LABOR-
«T ers<tclerks K'\ OX Collection Alter, 110 Sutter.
Tt\H\ ACME HoUai-; fcb/ iIAKIvKT &T.. BK-
i low Hxtn, lor a room: L&tk nlsUi: <l > wtti
WINCUKSTICK HOUSE, 44 THIRD t>T.. NR.
Maritet: 200 rooms, 25c a night: reading-
room: treo bin and tin-mee. i<> and from the fnrrv.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS— A BOOK WRITTEN BY GEN-
eral Miles, commander-ln-chlef of tbe United
fctates army; fu ot interesting Indian experi-
ences by tbe great Indian fighter; one agent's
commissions over $40 th» first 2 days. F. PER-
SON, Mgr. Sunscriptioß Departmant, The Whita-
ker & Ray Company, 723 Market si.
| GENTS-A CALIFORNIA AND.NEVADA
JtY map: test; latest: you can coin m'mey. F
PERSON, M,-r. Subscription DepL, The Whitaker
A Kay Co., 723 Markvt St.
KOOMS IV ANTKD.
ROOM. WITH DINNKR: SMALL FAMILY;
no other ro >mers; state terms. Addrts* K. D.,
box 2. Call iflice. • , > .. .
wanted-mis(;ki.laneoos. -J.s; ■.'.
wantkd^v^b6 max's bicycle; also 1
lady's. Address B. M., box 9, Call uftlce.
LD GOLD BOUGHT: HIGHEST PRICES.
O. NOLTE, jeweler, 222 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— BUGOY HORSE; CHEAP.
Apply G. H., box 165, Call.
SELL YOUR BOOKS. NOVELS AND CLOTH-
ing to A. KLEIN, 109 blxth sr.; send postal.
OLD GOLD AND SILVER BOUGHT. W.
MUND, watchmaker and jeweler, 226 tllis st.
BUILDINGS BOUGHT: LUMBKH, BASHKi
X> doori. mantels, etc.. lor snle 1 1 *51 Mission v.
rnoposALs.
OFFICE OF LIGHTHOUSE ENGINKER,
Twelfth Distrii U -an Francisco, CaL, May 7,
1897— Proposals will be rece.ved ai this office un-
til 12 o'clock M. *i uesday, tbe Bth day of June,
1897, for furnishing m.sceflantous articles until
June 3l\ 189 ,as1ollow^: Lot 1, hardware: lot
2, engineer supplies: lot 3, lumber: lot 4, paints,
etc.; lot i>, electric snppilns. Bids wi I be received
for one or more numbered lots complete. Specifi-
cations, form of bid and full Information may be
obtained on application to thii office. The right
Is reserved to reject any or all bids and to waive
any defects. Bidders are Invite to be present at
the opening of proposals. CHARLES K. L. B.
DAVliv Maj>rof Engineers, U. S. A., Engineer
Twelfth Lighthouse District.
PROPOSALS FOR FORAGK-QUARTKRM
i ter's Office, Benicia <\rjenal. Cat., May 5, 1897.
sealed proposals, iv trii ncate.will be recelvrd here
until 12 M, June 4,1897, and then opened, for
furnishing at Benlnla A rs3nal. Ca'., durlne fiscal
year commencing July 1, 1897, such quantities of
bran, oats and hay as may be required ojr I the Q.
M. department there. tl. 8. reseives right 10 re-
ject or accept any or all . proposals, or any part
thereof. Preference given to articles of domt-stic
production, condition of price and quality (includ-
ing In the Drice of forrlgn prodnciions tue duty
tbereon) being equal, and such preference giv<n to
articles of An:er:can production produced on tbe
Pac fie Coast, to the extent of the consumption
required by the pnb ie service there Information
furnished on appllc tlon. - Envelopes containing
pnpjsala shoul i be marked -Proposals ■ for
Forage. '■ and addressed E. B. BABBITT, Ord.
Dept, Q. :»!."■ - . ■ ■
SEWING MACHINES.
A LL KINDS BOUGHT, SOLD, FXCHANGED,
XV rented. repaired; n til es supplies. 1559 .Mark
TVPEWKITEKS.
HYPNOTIC INSTITUTE, 1346 MARKET:
\j hypnotiim taught; $6; diseases A habi s cured.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
S<"CA RKSTAURANT IN PHOSPEROUS
'IP- Oi'. country town: 1 horn's ride from city:
6 living rooms: long established, ch-np rent:
own*r selling on account of other businesi on
hand: thorough Investigation. M. LES.-", 6 lour.h. .
fflfOf: A CORNER SALOON: NORTH OF MAK-
«IpZOU. ketsu; Al paylnep ace: mus-. be sold
at one?; owner jtoinjrto >.uiope; thorough Investi-
gation solcited ; rant cheap M. LES!?, 6 Fourtn.
flfcQXfi CORNHR SALOON: NORTH OF MAH-
«IpO«JU. ket : 4 "Jesant private rooms: one of
Ihe bet corners off of Market st, : well worth
$1000: mtiMt bo sold to-day; on account of family
trouble. M. LESS, 6 Fourth st.
ffl» I Xfin SALOON; OVEOF THK OLDEST
«J) luull, \ luces near the Chronicle building:
place crov all day: finely fitted up: ea»ilv
worth $2. .0J; rent moderate: must be seen to be
appreciated. M. LESS, i> Fourth sU .
fl;(','ft COKNEK GROCEKY AND BAR: A
«J)UOU. few blocks north of in arket street:
finely fitted up: good, iur*e stock on bana: 4 nice
living-rooms: rent low. M. LESS, 5 Four:h st.
fljj 1 OAA SALOON— ONE OF THK FINEST
ijp I i.V)U and oldest places In tho immediate j
I vicinity of many lar7e theaters: elegant private |
I rooms; magnificent fixtures: clears J. 160 10 %'MQ i
| per month. M. LIIS-, 5 Fourth sU
<3H ! 4 'F\H RESIAURANT ON EAST ST.,
<J5 i±.O\J . opposite th ■ Oakland ferry; the fin-
est and best pnying placo In th.«t locality: a genu-
ine good bargain. Apply WILKh, 783 Market.
ffljCnfJ I OFFEK SALOON AND LUNCH-
(Jt)'/u, house on Montgomery sU: doing fir.sl-
clasi business; net rent $40; bargain. WILKE,
783 Market st. ,' \." ./
fflji (\C\l\ MOST ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
tliUuu. millinery establishment; best loca-
tion, near Market; selectel stock of goods, large
patronage; owner going East and mast sacrifice.
Apply WILKE, 783 Market at.
©07 t - OLD ESTABLISHED CORNER GRO-
•jpOlt/. eery an 4 bar In busy location: fine
stock of erocerles. good bar trade, low rent; a bar-
gain. Inqulro WILKE, 783 Market SU . ; . ■ ,.-,
f JAA WELL PATRONIZKD RESlAU-
«]r)'iv/U. rant in wholesale district; fin» class of
customers; no Sunday worK: » good paying place.
Particulars, WILKK, 783 Markets.
«>nn CORNER GROCERY AND BAR
*Irl^v»v/. with 4 .lying rooms; choicest loca-
tion in Mission: a mraight, genuine Al paying
business. WILKE. 783 Market at.
9tAf\f\ GOOD PAYING SALOON ON EAST
«IP'±UV/. sl, opposite th» Oakland ferry; a bar-
gain. Apply WILKE, 783 Market St.
Q>A Cfk BItANCH BAKERY WITH 3 LlV-
i£)rtO\J. ln;-rooms: rents^2: a genu!ne good
business offt-r; daily receipts $14; kept by owner
for years: rarest chance. WILKE, 783 Mar»et su
fflj 7^n LUNCH AND CHOP HOUSE; KS-
I *J\J. tabilshed years; patronized by mer-
chants and brokers; money-making place: no
Sunday or night work. WILKK, 78« Market sU
QjOC(V CORNER BARROOM; CHOICEST
f^iOOK). downtown location: doing a flrst-clasi
paying business: low rent; investigate at once;
you will find No. 1 bargain. WILKE, 783 Market
<>1 7 c FIRST-CLASS CIGAR-STORE: THK
<tIPJL I iJ. bes: location near Market su: Bne fix-
tures: large patronnge; owner has other business.
Apply WILKE, 783 Market st.
m*.r;rrj SALOON with 11 FURNISHED
O'lyJ. rooms; only $60 rent: choice corner;
1 block from water front. WILKE, 783 Market.
T>> SKI.L YOUR BUSINESS QUICK FOR
cash, see GUS STRAND. 1118 Marset su
Cj/inn tiALOON; PAYS WKLL: OFFER I
fS>rt\J\J. wanted. UUS STRAND, Markeu
©'-■>f;n UINING PARL'iR; CLEARS $75
€v)'>O\J. per month; Iree renu GUSSTRAND,
1118 Market st.
G>QXA CORNER GROCERY AND BAR;
tTt)UI». great bargain. GUS STRAND, 1118
Market st.
UgOXn P \RTNER WANTED IN COMMIB-
-t!?Ziti". slon business: clear $160 per month.
GUS STRAND, 1118MnrketsU
QjQnn STATIONERY ND CIGAR STORE:
•IT*)LM/. pays $75 per month. GUS STRAND,
1118 MarKHt si.
'pEO. STEWART A CO., 632 MARKET ST.,
* T opposite Palnc* Hotel.
Wholesale produce commission, partner. .. .$2,500
Kestharant and coffee saloon, nr. Market.. 2.000
Partner In large Quarry plant 2,500
Manufacturing busiuess. one-naif 600
Carpenter-shop, esu 20 years, farmer. 700
Groceries and delicacy store in Sau l.afr.ei. 600
Coffee saloon, established 13 years 350
Drugstore; stock will invo'c<? $550 450
Drv-gooils business: at invoice price about. 60U
LodcinK-hotises. pirtnerships, hotels, saloons
a:ul alt kluds of business propositions.
$»;p:ri MISSION FRUIT. PRttDCCE AND
i.e)V'. poultry store for sale; business $20 t>er
day: horse and wagon; rooms. HEALY, 917
Market st.
Q-OnA RESTAURANT AND OYsTER-
Hr>OyJ\J. bouse: ereat bargain: near Maiket and
4lh;low rent. BASILEABARRI£TT,B73V Market
" A TTENTION— BARGAIN; $*00 TO-DAY
-IV bnvs large saloon and lunchbouse: finely fitted:
splendid locution: good stock: kitchen and back
rooms; large basement: two rooms upstairs:
c-s:abllshed 20 years: sell on account of other
very Important business. Partlculurs 777 Markeu
I,"XCELIENT OPPORTUNITY FOR SALOON
Xv In manufacturing town of Newark, Alamed*
County. Cal.; new building: rent reasonable: li-
cense low. Address J. H. NOBMANN, 1727
B:oadway, Alameda. ; ;'V-i--
OR SALE— CHKAP; GOOD-PAYING GlGAR-
stantl; lam. dry business In connection. For
information apply to MICHALITSCHKE BROS.
& CO., Inc., 239 Kearny st. . f
OR RENT (USK OF FIXTURES, FCRNl-
turc.etc.. free)— Large basemeutsaloon on Third
m., n*ar Mnrkct; low reuu Call at 825 Market
St., room 629.
Q>-\ r/l PARTNER WANTED— L/GHTBUBI-
-♦ipl OV. ness; $18 a week each. 9 Geary st.,
room 2. • -.yj-,- : ...
"L-OR SALK— *1000 MARBLE FOUNTAIN,
r fine con'lition, $250; installments, or might
trade. Address H. k.. 22 Turk st.
pANDY-STORE AND FACTORY, ICECREAM
*J pxriors, soil a fountain; near Call building;
make offer. Apply 45 Third st.
TTALF-INTERKST IN MEAT MARKET;
XX must be practical man: full investigation. Ad-
dress B , Call Office, Alameda.
»irr BAKERY WAGON. HORSE, HAR-
<IP L i O. ness; route of 300 loaves besides cakes.
415 Lily aye.
pENTLKMAN PAKTNER WANTKD BY
VT young lady ; conn try business. B. 1, 207 Post.
2 -CHAIR BARBKB-SHOP, GOOD LOCATION,
with 4 living-rooms. Apply this office.
yOUSO FRENCH WIDOW DESIRES GEN-
X tleman partner. om 1, 223 Post
<Si.7fl() B.vKERYaND CONFECTIONKRY:
«Jp I \f\J. good out-ide trade; bakes 45 bbls flour
monthly; cheap renu Bus. Kxch., 777 Marxet st.
fflfOnn LOOK AT THIS FINK SALOON;
«Jp^v/vJ. tr"od stock; fine location; cheap reuu
805 Howard su . 'f : * '. r<
ATENT FOR SALE OF Ci 'MI'OSITH FOR
J. yeiluw- fe ver, ma'.arla and cholera uostras; the
patent Is te;i ter>d at VVa'ihingion, D. C., on the
17th or Jniit, 1889. and grautei on the 'l6th of
July, 18-t9, for the term of 30 years for the United
States of America nnd Canada: price $2500. For
particulars address J., box 2, Call Office.
IP OR SALK— SSOO— CANDY-STORE IN MIH-
s on, with elegant soda fountain, Icecream par-
lors aid fac ory: huyer can learn easily the mak-
ing of candy; c.ears $100 monthly; satisfactory
tr al given. Address C. s., box 91, Call Office. ■
p KOCERY AND BAR: fcOUTH OF MARKET
VTst.: established 20 years: must be sold this
mo. th. CoMMINs & CO., Wholesale Liquor Mer-
chant). 5 and 7 Pine a:., near Market
GOOD BUSINKSS IN LADIES' UNDKR-
wear, corsets and general notions; gooa living;
rent low; a bargain. Add. C, box 148, Call Office.'
I ADIES, ATTENTION ! STATIONERY, NO-
XJ liom, i and' and „ cigar store; a ! so papers and
laundry; for sale choap. 2002 Mason sU
ri-N'E ESTA BLISHED GKOCKR V FOR SALE.
X Ap. vV E LLMAN. PECK & CO, 201-207 Markeu
VOUNO LADY DKSIRKS A l-ENTLEMAN
± partner. 9 Powell s:., room 8, second floor.
QPLENDID CHANCK FOR A GOODIIOKSE-
O shoer and jrenfral blacksmith in all Us
branches; buiMing to let on reasonable terms, the
owner having considerable work in the above line.
Inquire at 70 j Ivy aye., near Buchanan st.
ILK RANCH, H COWS. AND ROUTE:
larjre pUce, suitable for poultry ranch, includ-
ing plgeo.-hoose with 6tO | l^eons; for sale or
lent. G. MOLEMA, Tenth aye. and I at.. San
clsco South.
OARTNKB WANTKD IN OLD ESTABLISH-
X ed furniture and undertaking business: must
have |900: duing^ood business In thriving lnttror
town. Address F. 8., box 38. (all Offioa.
OLD ESTABLISHED BUSINESS: WELL
fitted up: danciai; academy and lodgerooms:
cheap rent and in good running order. 121 New
1 Montgomery su *
I 1 AKGAIN-FIRST-CLASS SALOON. SAFK,
> Improvement', caidroomi, etc.; v sacrittcM-.
prounetor must leave for the hastj good business
luvestmc.iU 10'J McAllister st., opi>.Cltr Hall.
PARTNER WANTED FOR WELL-ESTAB-
X lisbed wholesale' and retail business, to take
charge of «ffice and collecu Addreaa W. E., box
34, Call Office.
ALOON AND RESTAURANT: 4 FURNISH-
ed rooms; steady trade: good reasons for sell-
Iq^'maTkern."^ at 339 Sutler sU, frum 10
I^OR SALT-THE GREAT HEBB INSTl-
r.tute.- 1205 Market su, at a sacrifice; those
wishing to consult DR. sHAPSKO call at once, as
he will soon retire from business.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
HIGHEST CASH PRICKS PAID FORFURNr-
tiire, rt-stanrant, saloon flxtura^ and zroc»r -
stocifs. STENBKKG. tiU-J Market: tel. main 101' J.
T'OB SALE OR EXCHANi-E— DE^SIRABL^:
-T l;qu j r-store. well situated, for 2 young men to
conduct: comprising large sioc<. line fiinrci,
etc.- business speaks for Itself; ownwr other busi-
ness isTENBERO CO.. 682 Market st.
Of iaai\ GROCERY AND BAlt: FINE COR-
♦pIUUU. ner in Mission: large atocfc; owner
hns other businesi; munt sell: brewery will ad-
vance , art of purchase price. STENBKRG <fc CO.,
632 Market su .
eu ar f\ LAUNDRY ROCTK, CLF.ARINO
tlptrOv/. $100 a month; i;ood horse and «ai(ou;
trial given. STEN JiERG it CO.. H32 Marfcei su
NE OF THE OLDKHT COKNEK SALCONS
for sale: n»>ar city fronU Inquire WIcHMAN,
LUTGEN & Ca, 218, -20 and Clay St.
T>KINTING PLANT— IN KIRsT-CLASS CON-
-1 dltion; ren: $^5. E. M. RATTO, 626 Washing-
ton at- ■ .
ffliQ'.)^ good corner ghocery and
I »Jj ij-L O. bar; cheap; no opposlt.on; 4 liviui-
| rooms. 331 Sixth st.
OK SALK— BRANCH BAKBKT AND D 1.1.-
1 catesten buslrifss in good business street;
cheap; good reasou given. Ap. M., box 116. Call.
POKNKR SALOON AND « lUAR-siOKF. OR
\J separate: fitted up flnt class. 500 i-.llls su
V OK SALK-ROUTE ON MORNING I'APi.R.
X call 9^ Dlkemau pace, off Mason su
STOKE FOR SALE; PRICE $1000: FURNI-
-ture, notions, bicycles, other busluess. Box
314, Gilroy, CaL ■ .
p BNTLEMAN PARTNER WANTED BY A
VJ young widow. Room 8, 207 Poat au
(D! fAA SALOON FOR SALE; OLD E-iTAB-
\J\). lished place: no night work. Apply this
office.
CJQnn HALF-INTEREST ESTABLIBHED
«JJSOUU. manufacturing business; noexperience
needed. 827 Mission st.
T.IOR RENT FAMILY RESTAURANT:
-T large aining-room; French ranso: 2 suites of
rooms; baih, etc. Apply W. B. CLUFF, 17 sixth.
(JT» Qnn CIGAR AND STATIONERY STORE;
«|pOuU. clearing over $100 per month above ail
exDenses: trial given before bu>ing; cheap rent,
with living-rooms; value in sight. C. 8., box 88,
Call Office. ' - ■ ■ t
FOR SALE OR TRADE: GOOD PAYING
1 lodglng-hoiue north of Market St.: trial (tlveo;
goes ch«'ap for ensh: owner coin to Europe. Ad-
dress Barber, 405 Mxth St.: no agent.-. _•_£-
SOUTHERN PACIFIC RESTAURANT FOR
k5 sale, cheap: rine location; doing goo.l bnsi-
ne*s: owner golne to the old country; Investigate.
202 Towngend M.. cor. of Third. ."... ;_■ :
LADY WISHKB GENTLEMAN PARTNER;
$J0; country business. Room 2, 223 Post su
fiMAA GROCERY AND BAR: 6 LIVING-
«Jpo:WU. rooms; rent $36. HiberDia Brewery.
"L^OR SALE —SACRAMENTO AGENCY OF
X this paper. For particulars inquire Call Oflice,
"PORTLAND AGENCY THIS PaPEK. IN-
X quire this office or at 133 Third su, Portland,
Oregon.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — 7HB
-:\. WEEKLY CALL. In wraoDcr. for malllnx
LODGLNG-lIOUSKS FOR SALE.
rponrJu~Y^oIrrTEMrA~L7)D7iING^H^C^E7^EE
X GUS STRAND, 1118 Market at.
ffijQAA HOUSE, 23 Rv.OM«; BKST LOCA-
tjraUU. tion on Market su GUS STRAND, 1118
Market su
''JiT^fl HOUSE OF 26 ROOMS; BEST I.OCA-
•IP • O\J. tion on Mark-t su; a rare bargain;
owner Is leaving for Europe. WILKE, 783 Markeu
"\7"ERY REASONABLE— SMALL LODGINO-
> bouse; 16 rooms: 18 closets and 2 bathroom
1775-77 Mission su, near Fourteenth.
FUKXITURE FOE SALJfi.
ENTIRE STOCK T. H. NELSON, DECEA-EU,
now belug sacrificed to close estate: hou-ieho'.d
fnrniiure every d. scription, new and 2d-hand : pot-
ilivtly below cost; genuine closing ouu 128 4ih.
Ij>Oß SALE— FURNITURE OF 3 P.OOMS;
JL rent $11; dea ers. Natoma sU
AYE MONEY— BUY FURNITURE FROU
Buckingham Fur. Co., 866 Mission: advance*.
HOUSEHOLD ranges AUK THE best
JOHN F. MEYKRS CO.. 947 Market st.
JKCBNITURE WANTED.
AT INDIANA AUCTION COMPANY, RE-
moved to 1171 Missiou su. near Eighth, tele-
phone Mint 1393, you get highest cash paid for
I merchandise, furniture, art gouus, pianos, ilbrhrlej
EST PRICKS FOR FURNITURE, MDSHL.
etc. STREET CRESWELU Anctloneers.7^l
Howard etreeeu Houses bought in their entirety.
IpURNITURE, STOVES CARPKTS. COUN-
F ters. showcases. ANDERSON, llai Markeu
CAKPET CLEAMNO.
ADVANCE CARPET-CLEANINO CO., 402
tutter; tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. prop.
pITY STEAM CARPET-CLKANINO WORKS:
\J cleans, moves, ays carpets. G. H. STKVENS,
Mgr- 38 and 40 Kighth St.; telephone South 250.
J WATTS, reliable carpet-cleanlug renovtg, alter-
«l . atlon works. 413 McAllister, lei. Jcasie 32L.
pARPET-i;LEANINM, 3c: LAYING. 3c; RUd
\J samples free; tel. Jessie 944. Stratton, 38th
pARPETS CLEANED, RENOVATED LIKK
\J new. J. itcQUEKN.4S3 Stevenson. Tel. S.2JS.
HEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WIT«
poor work aend toSPAULDINQ'S Pioneer Ca-
rpet-beating Works. 353-67 Tehama au ; tel. So. 4J.
pARPETS CLEANED <t RENOVATED LIKiJ
\Jnew. Tenth; South 3 ti. Mackintosh <fc Co.
E. MITCHELL, CARPET-CLEANING CO.
. 240 14th su : cleaning 3c a yard. el. Mis. 7il
pONKLIN'3 CARPET- BEATING WORKa.
\J 333 Golden Gate aye. Telephone East 126.
FOB SAIK-MISCELLANEOUS.
OC-FOOT LAUNCH: FASTEST MODEL IN
~O the State; cost $2600: hardwood planked
hull: well furnished: cushions: awnings; electric
lights and searchlight; $500: can be seen at th'a
Pacific Yacht Club. £aasaltlo. Apply FRANK H.
BURKE, 626 Market sU, San Francisco.
'QU LADY'S WHEEL, $20: SECOND-HAND
OV wheels, from $12 up. BENTON BKOA, Ex-
pert Bicycle Repairers, 775 Fo:sorasU, nr. Fourtl*.
IJILLIARD-TABLE FOR SALE: BRUNS-
l'.wick <fe Balke; cheap; bean us»d but little*
balls, cuerack, etc., complete. Addreaa Billiards!
box 77, Call Office.
poMPLKTE OUTFIT FOR CHICKEN-RAIS-
KJ Ing; also furniture for 5 rooms: compe'led to
■ell on account of death of owner. MRS. KLANG.
box 260, Petalutua.
$>7(\l\ 2 LOTS FRONTING ON FALCON
«IP IVM'. nd Ocean road, near Twenty-second
St. Apply 865 Mission sU ',
FOR SALE— FRESH JHRSEY COW; RICH
milk; gt-ntle, qnieu 1312 Folsom St.
QECOND-HAND >HAFT, PULUSY AND
0 beting for sale. 827 Hampshire su
1 7-HORSE-POWKR ENGINE, 1" 4-HORB--
X power engine, with i oiler, gas-engine, lathes,
planers and shapers. 516 Sixth su
A RS, BACK BAKS, MIKKOKs, SHOW-
XJ cases, « onnters, linoleum, ollice farnUnra,
1 tor* and office furniture and fixtures, new and
second hand. J. NLONAiS, iOl'.-iuiu-iozl-JuiJ
Mission st.. abovo tSlxib.
AFES— NKW AND bECOND-HAND. 809
Market su
|JOILERS,ENGINE.VJD-HANU MACHINERY
XJ water-pipes. Mclntosh A Wolpman. 137 Beals.
pOFFKE MILL. -BCALKS, LETTER PP.ES3I
\J stand de3k. money till, safe: cheap. 102 Cla/.
BAKS, SHOWCASKS, COUNTEP.S. SHKLV-
ing, etc., bought and sold. IUU3 Mission, nr. 7to.
T AI.GE DOUBLE LDMI'AR 1 COIN
XJ bank s:if ■, chea> b Mission su
EW ELMWOOD RANGES ARE TUX hKST.
X\ W. 8. RAY MFG. CO. 12 California su
NE . SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE-SIZB
fire and burglar proof sare. 109-111 Market n.
RANCH OFFICE THK CALL. 167 Nl-\ Tli
St.; want adj and isubscrtptloas taken.
LOST. '
U~^^ --,-,.,_.
OST-28 APRIL :ON TIBU BOAT OR
XJ train ladi°a' small satchel contain) lar<e
amount of money, Jewel case and other valuables.
Re. urn lo MRS. W. B. iJOLAS, 13^9 Waller su
Liberal reward. '
rpHK UNDERSIGN ED HAS LOST HIS CHECK
X male out 10 his own o der on ti e Nevada Bank
of Sau F-ancl-coforthe S'ini of r.O »n- a d check
w..» certlfl»d July 2, 18l6.underl»o. 15^- all ptr-
Eons are l erehy warned j.iramsi ueijotlatlne ilia
same, as payment thereof la< been stopped 8. C.
HtINEMA .Tempe, Arizona.
LOST-A PA>BBOOK WITH THE HIBi" RNIa
savings a d Loan soctsty of San Fran> l«co in
the nani< of WiLLI F. TvYL »R|No 18M1KS
The finder will p.e»s 9 return to bank. 18 - 9b5
, FOUND.
-r;OUNI)_ST. BBBXAKD7SITc3^ OWNKR
Pacifl" at. Ye ame by prjVl property Call 1617
Pacific «.HOrSES TO LET.
, TO T-AN El ECANTSfNNY RESIDENCE I
- X in th» Mis-ion: J2 rooms, bath, stable, lawn, \
rtc. : if desired wi.ll sell or, leuse' alt or any part of
the furniture which it now conu.ins: 1t 1* suited |
. lora sau.tariuin <>r loarding-housf. rt-nt $56 per
/ month. water n.cludeU. Address K. box 81, all. j
\ «iC{(J NEW,2-STORY: I'Ri BIDIO HEIGHTS; '
• tJ«J« '. tine marine view. DR. DAVIS, Murphy !
building. ;? ' ; -
HOUSE :O LET; 11 ROOMS AND BATH;
114 Eleventh su, near Mission; rent *30.
6 SUNNY KOOMB; NKWLY PAINTED; RENT
■ vJ reasonable to gcod tenant. 12U8 1-olsom st.,
rpjir Kighth.
HOVm-S 'TO RENT FOR VKRY LITTLE I
money »t BALDWIN ifc howells, 10 |
■ ntgomery <;t.
•. FLUNISIIKIJ IIOISIS
VTICKLY I.MS IKI) HOUSE TO RENT
i-> for summer; desirable location. Apply IIIOJ
J- dd v 81. '
"C'S f > F.CI FORTin7LT>: 4 COMFORTABLE
. t7_Z.OU. rooms; batb; -' b<«ds; 2 stoves, gas j
• tidc-al. H>l7»car- J st. _^ __^__
1 IKMSHKD FLATS. . j
.; • i ■ MFORTABLK I D BXISHED FLAT^OF, 4 |
• : Vj rooms and bath' for sale cheap . K. 0., box.,,|
' • >li ' iftice. ___^ —^ - i
. .- COTTAGES Ttl^LKT.^
" P^OTTAf'K T^U^NV^KOOM-, YARD. Jll;
• C alsofl:'. 6 r..o,n< $15. 6-3 Second su. BeL
- "Krar,: and Townsend.
■ — r7v'^r«yi'TAGK OF 3 I.AROK ROOMS:
' r SB!t)o?K«rden:*yard. 18 Prospct aye., bei.
Twentr-aeventh anJ 1 wen;y-eightli sis., near
. Mi--'- .
- T7T . V.OTIAGH •'• KOOMS AND BATH;
.. 'J ;,. n i $JH 44;'lirv-H»t St.
FLATS TO LET;
VkW FLAT 7 SI'.NNY ROOMS; MODERN"
■£\ injprovements. 3435 Twentieth St., bet.
• Howard and Capp.
"jf^LAT OK -I \NY ROOMa 11 ELWOOD !
X st., oft O'Farrell. near Mason
-i - «"I KDDY - NICE. SUNNY, CORNER
- -J.«)"il rl t:6 rooms; modern; rent reasonab.e.
_j -i q MNNY lIM'-U FLAT; 5 ROOMS, I
t_*■ S« tuth.v.'.rd. 1J t. veil, near Fourteenth^ I
VEtt FLATS, JCST FINI HEI>, 1945 AND :
i-N '.;;," hddy st., near Devisadero; sunny aLd
■ modern; (i and 7 rooius and Oaih.
Ml. -■ O r/\ NKW BAY WINDOW FLAT OF
tT'I-.OU. 3 rooms, gas, tubs, bath. 9J9 Fol-
Eom st., near Tif.b.
„) VUL T O — EXTRA FINE MIDDLE j
— t!at. 6 rooms and bath; new: $30. .
■I 7-1 r| HYDE— FLAT; 7 NICE SUN- \
1 1 x\f ny rooms: .*-'y.
C« 1 A TAKE YOUR CHOICE; 4OR ft-ROOIC
SMI/. Bats; near Call. bi'JiCK. & CO., 602
Market st.
1 V.H7 I STEINKH - t-UNNY HOP E R N
JL'C U t -^ lower flat: 6 larg«" rooms aud bath.
TM.AI' OF s'r.OOMS AND BATH • RENT REA-
X aonablt-. SE. cor. Page aud Lyon sts. , V:',-.
.-Arc MODEK.V FLAT, 8 ROOMS, BATH; 1 !
i£-.0. or -J. lami.i-s. 1128 Howard st. j
MloHi- SUNNY FLATS, MODERN CON-
. !A; veniences: cheap to good teuauta, bee owuer,
6 Co.lmgwoou st.
• C 4 1 Q UPPEK FLAT; 5 ROOMS AND BATH.
•J" 1 O. 16-si-4| Pino St., abuv Vau Ness aye.
DO YOU WANT A WKW FLAT OK COT-!
tage: cheap. See sPi CX & CO.. 602 M«r>et. i
I^LATS TO LKT FOR Vhi.l LITTLE j
I* money at BALDWIN i; UoW ELL'S, 10 Mont- |
IcrTiery s:.
.
HEAP MODERN FLATS, i) AND 6
\_' rcoms. $Sto 5>16: *pn ill- m 523 -• venlh st. j
4 WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS - TEH j
■ -i Vv'EEKLY (ALL. in v/raDDer. for mailinst. '
IH)t'SKIii;EPINCr KOOMS.
Bryant Street.
,-] 1 BRYANT, NEAR THIRD — LARGE j
«*_Ll sonny front suite; $10 per month.
I-iliiuoro Street.
r.-ir 5 SUNNY ROOMS: BATH; LARGE
•^I«J. yard. 2208 llllmore St., near Clay.
i 1..11 m ret.. , j
"I (\r FiFTH-PLEASANT SUNNY UNFUR- ;
\J I iiisiicil rooms to let.
■~ ' 1
• .' Golaen Gatn Avenue.
"A gO (iOLDFN GATEAVE.— SUNN V HOUSF.; i
"i •>— 9 rooms; porcelain bath; reasonable to a
good tenant.
ftIOGOLDKN GATE-FRONT PARLOR AND j
■ ' '>_— kitchen, $18: 3 suuny front houseiteep-
..' Ing, $JO. ,
Ql 1 GOLDEN GATE aVK.— 2 OR MORE j
•' ■ OJ. 1 connecting rcoms; ligbt housekeeping.
■ ' -i 4-I f\ (iOLDhN GATE AYE.— FINELY FUR- |
■ J "llu ntsjii-d tay-wit;dow B.cove; housekeep- j
Ing: running water; $12.
Howard Street.
• 1 flf'Q HOWARP— LAKOK SUNNY BaY- I
J UOO window suite, nicely furnished, with!
. kitchen. for hoi:sakeep:ng
■ • T I ')l 1 Hi-.WAKD. NEAR "KVK.VTH-2
'••• x X*- 1 a large sunny rooms < ornpleie for house- j
. ..keeping in private American taa.il>'.
Jackson Street.
i'ft] C\ JACKSON-IK AN ELEGANT RESI- I
1 • .U 1 O dence; 3 furuished Keeping rooms: !
2 in front, 1 oetng a L-.r^e double room; bath; i
S2B 50. Calf be:ore lor ,er sp. M.
«J«&Hi« Mice-
• JQQ JKSSI--— FURNISHED HOUBE-
'JOO keeping rooms. 53; at:O slngl*-, ch^ap.
i-i JESSIE— FL<JOR OP » ROOMS, BATH; I
lu'' rent * 12; furniture for salf.
Luikiu Mrte;.
j'7Q LARKIN-NICELY FURNISHED sun- j
\i±-V ny iO'jris for housekeeping; also single.
iiinn , <treai.
Z>A(\ MI2ISTA— FHiMMiKD ROOMS, COM-
t/^rv) piete for housekeeping: lar.eyard
(•Q/i MI.NSA, BET. SEVENTH AND I
UovV highth— s rooms. fl4; newly lilted up.
. - ission >treu;.
Ijjf* MISSION — 2 FRONT ROOMS; COM-
. i.'lU p ete for housekeeping; cheap: also others.
,
II'" MISSIoN-QUIET FAMILY HOUSE;
•J- l«;fj furnished suiiesio reut for housekeeping.
Mo«» Street.
19 MOSS OFF HOWARD. NR. SEVENTH— 2
i •> rooms, furuished cumplcte for hcist-ke'-pinj.
fNkloiriH streo..
X ? r NATOMA _ SM HOUSEKEEPING !
.000 rooms: siu?le rooms: $10, ?4 p«r moith.
>iut!i Mree:.
• " i)(\ NINTH-: HONT^II IE HOUSKK EKPINQ
•'■ £\J roo.-u-.: stove, uuter. gas; also '-'4G Kightb st.
91 NINTH ST.— SUNNY SUITE FOR LIGHT
J-X housekeeping: runnini water: oth- r rooms.
I'age Mreet.
nnfi PAGB— S-UNNY BOOMS, FURNTSHKD
•-j-D ior bonsekeetilag; casaiidbaib; Sl(i.
"< ■ i'lllp -••(•«>.
■I Q^>fl PINE. NR. LARKIN-FLOOR OF 3
XOOU or 4 sunny furnish<-d Lousekeeplng rms.
i'oik streoi.
1 Ann POLK, COX. GEARY — A MODERN
:- J UU— apartment-house: 4 connecting room*
and batb; uiceiy and completely furnished for
housekeepi cv- ry convenience; firs, floor;
.p:ra;« entrance; 930: rexer<-ncea exchau ed:
■ ' a!so 8 connecting ioom<, complete for housekeep-
ing: $21 50. •
i owe f Mree..
r»-i r\ POWELL— 3 SUNNY ROOMS; COM-
I 1U plete for housekeeping: bath; very feason-
. *be.
heeond .-Street.
... |11Q SKCOND— SUNN'Y ROOMS FOR HOUSE.
•\ Z.JL keeping, water, bath; other rooms, $i up.
teventh. Street.
I AO SF.VFNTH (GIRARD) -SUITES' AND
X'iZ. ikltcneus-.alkO single rcoms;newly renovated
.- ixth '.Street.
"' " >( A SIXTH-3 AN D 4 UNFURNISHED
■ O— " sunuy rooms tot housekeeping; rent 49
»ud $10.
Taylor Street.
1 (\Q TAYLOR -FUR. v ISHED SUNNY
X\J(J liouiok'*epin^ rooms: small family.
1 99 TaTIOR - FURNISHED . ROOMS TO
I— — ri-nt jor housekeeping; also o.her nice
V eunuy rooms, cheap.- ..... .■„ ,
HOI'SEKEEPING ROOMS— Contlnimtt.
\ i.ii heii« Aveuud.
9Q9 VAN NESS (BELLEV'UF. CHANGBD
_O_J hHnds)— furnished sunny suites, 2
or 8 rooms; -eparatekltchfiis: B»l ranges.
KOOMS TO LKT.
LUkli M,ra»..
QQ 1 BUSH-NICELY FURNISHED SINGLE
O«J-J rooms; c>'au; quiei; t& to month. .
i.UUy Street.
<OQ EDDY— 3 NICK SUNNY ROOMS: PHY-
•J^i) sician: bath: private family: other looms.
• ' Lighfh streut.
CIIERMAN A I'ARTMKNT HOUSE, 7R BTIt
0 nt.. Dour VirkK: lurnlshed nnd unfurnished.
q1 i\ KIGHTH. NKAU FoLSOM— S LAKUK
01 \J rooms: rent $10.
: . .
■»-»ii« Street.
ROY AI. HOUSB. 126 KLLIS— INT ANDEH-
cent lien s. readlns-room, smokine-room and I
Udles' parlor: rooms per night, 86c to $1 60. I
week. »2 to $8: month, $8 to $80; elevator on
etrice tioor: rooms with ho: uiul Cold wa:er: baths.
i'Ulli MIUJ..
THE COSMOPOLITAN — SELECT FAMILY j
hotel: 100 Fifth St., cor. Mission: rooms
60c, 7:u- and $1 per ulsht. $2 lo S5 per week.
Juiirili ireeh ..
1 (\(K FOURTH. FIUST FLOOR— FURNISHED |
IUU front room for ntlciuan; by widow. j
Fourteenth (Street.
1 9QB FOUUTKENTH— 2 SUNNY UNFUR-
-1 V nisheu, bay-window, housekeeping rooms.
1 U.IUII fll'Cllt.
3 FULTON (FUI.ToN HOUSK* — NICELY
furnished mis; single or en suite: $8 «t $15 up.
o«juiv streo;.
QQ7 GEARY, COB. MASON— NEWLY FUR-
DO t nisbed rooms, suite nn i single; gents only.
--i Q GEARY — HfU.NT SUITE PARLORS;
Ol C othersui:es; double and sing c; light house-
ket-ping or bourd; piuilo.
THE MARTINET, 1101 GEARY, SW. COR.
Van Ness— i>andiome suites, newly lurn-.slied. i
____ ———^^—. I
IlurrUnn >:iee..
9fi9l HARRI-ON— 4 NICE KOOMS; RENT,
b.D>l (9; water and ties free.
Hayes Mreet.
nnn HAYES-PLFASANI' sunny ROOM ;
UUO bath; gas; la private honse: reut $6.
Howard Street.
1 /Y7fk nOWAP.D— NEATLY FURNISHED
1U i U ounuy front rooai; running water; bath; |
rent $6. j
lijUc Street.
i rAQI HYDE. FLAT -J— 2 'LOVELY SUNNY j
IUOs front connecting rooms; unfurnished;
bath: gm c: references.
vcttie >ireo..
n~ i jessie st.-lar"ge SUXST.FROXT ;
OO room, bay- window, alto small room if de- j
eired, in private family.
i. . j
: iiou«a Ntree;.
1 OAT JONES C'l'Hl'. \ AN WIN KLK")-HAND- !
1 JL\j I somely furnished rooms, suites o. single.
______ — —
_.etur_y birco.',
AKLTNOTON BOOH—, 327 KFARNY — j
Pleasant sunny rooms, en finiesnd single; firs:
cjnss in ever/ lespect: terci-t reasonable.
j.aikrt. Mro«i,
■VGSF.MITF. HOUSK. .1045 MARKET-PER
■ X n-ght. 35c to $1: week, $1 50 to 5: families.
-i f\Qi) MAKKKT - FIKST-CLASS ROOMS; !
H.'O_ also complete furnished bousekeepiug >
I rooms; $1 25 wet*, up.
; fei'vAtlister =>i»«ei-
-99A1 McALLISTI-B — N ICELY FURN fSHED \
_- U™ double and s:nsie: also bay-winaow |
suite, suit-»i'! p for physician: exce.lent location; i
j opp. Cly Hall: 56 p«-r ruonth, up.
3iu«oii Street..
I ■I AQ MASON— SUITE NEWLY FURNISHED
i lUO $20, and oiher rooms *5 to $8. - ' •
no MASON — BEAUTIFULLY FURNISHED j
"IX t) suuny parUrs; lower llior; reasonable.
I — — .
->■ ■■■':• -r.ro..
AQO MINNA-'-UNVYI-UKNISHED FRONT j
'J<iU loom, suitable for kentlemau; sp I month.
_ . i 1 |
J>i.iasio;\ Mree:.
HASCOCK HOUSK. 7bl MISSION: ("ELECT
i JJ. lamllr rooming-house: «] 5O to $4 per week.
I'ost Street.
THE BOHEMIA. 2H9 POST- ELEOANT
light, clean, sunny ; running wa:er; grates; ele-
I vator.
I
iuvvll suee:.
rpHE WILLISFORD 212-214 POWELL ST.— j
i X Newly furnished sonny rooms: telephone.
JA..U s r »s ..
IAQ SIXTH— NEWLY RENOVATED SUN-
-1 lUO ny rooms; quiet; double or single; $5 up.
HE PIEDMONT, 119 a SJXTH— NICE SUN-
ny rooms: modern conveniences.
1 9- SIXTH-CHEAPEST I_ THE CITY:
;1— nicely r crnished doub'e and single rooms.
i Ql A SIXTH-PLEASANT SUNNY BOOHS;
j Ol t: $1 lo ?1 25 per week.
&ievc_Bon Street.
; JOT STEVENSON, BET. FIFTH AND
ri£ ( bixth— sB: 4 rooms, rear.
Af\rjl HTr.VKNBOK— SUNNY ROOM SUIT-
iU I a able tor 2 ladies: call after G P. _.
ttoikio-.i Place.
I HR EUROPEAN, 17 S-TOCKTON — FUR-
! X nislied rcoms $1 50 to $2 50 per we»k: suites
$3 50 to J.H per week; by ulghi, 50c to $1 60; hot
and cold water; e.evator; transient.
Sutter Street.
: Q-l C RUTTER— 4 ROOMS FOP. DRESSMAK- !
OX O ing or hairdresslng. . 'v ..:. ■■■.-.-
Taylor Street.
' -I AQ TAYLOR— LAKGK ROOMS; fl 75 AND
i lUv $2; sunny single, Sfl 25 and Sl 50 week.
i f.ilil TAYLOR. COIt. SUITER— SUN N V BA Y-
O_(Z window, fine newly furnished rooms; $6 to
$12 month.
1
leliams Street.
rr-t 7 TEHAMA ST., BKT. EIGHTH AND
111 NlQih— Two furnished rooms to let, rent Jfb.
'1 uik Mreo;.
OA TURK-TWONEW FURNISHED ROOMS;
£\> reasonable.
York Street..
1"1 YORK, NEAR ARMY-5 ROOMS;
j It) lv rent $10.
ISOAKDINO ANO K00313.
71 9 POsT-FURNISHED SUNNY ROOMS.
I I — i with boaid for 2; $18eacaup; use parlor
siid piano.
A 1 9 EDDY— 2 SUNNY PARLORS TOR 2,
~1 .1 _. with buard, f^O each; back parlor for 2,
$18 each. .
CAO VAB NESS AYE.— ,NEWLY FUR-
CUO iiished lunny rooms or snite, with board.
VKW SUMMER BOARD RS WANTED AT
| J; 254 T.ast Sixteenth it., hast Oakland.
ROOM FuK 2 GENTLEMEN WI.H BOARD;
German home cooking-. j»j a week. (i'-'S Valen-
cia st.
HOTEL BKRTLINO, 714 BUSH-A FAMILY
hotel: refer nces: all modern conveniences;
Ralston tab es. if df sired: n»>vr ninnaefment.
mil .lii;b.< IiD.tUDKI).
GOOD HEALTHY PLACE FOR BABY.
MRS. B. C. Berkeley. ." ' /
GOOD H< ME FOR OH 2OHILDRKK; MOTH-
J er*s CRre. i all 4 81)7 Twenty-fnurth st. .
FTOKKS ,1O LET.
CORNER 8.0 R O.SOEAUY AND WI. LIA
s reels, Taylor; cheap rent. Apply 516 i/
Geary sL
ASEMENT; PLUMBER OR PAINTER. 6CO
Kearny St., cor. Sacramento.
NE OF THK BEST FRUiT.-sTORES IN THE
ON E OF THK BEST KRUiTaTURES IN THE
Mission. Apply UMBSEN _ CO.. 14 Mont-
gomery St.
UTCHKR-xHOP, FIXTURES: *I 0 MONTH.
JNO. T. GRAHAM, cor. Twenty-seventh and
Alabama sts.
7 ARGE STORE, 2 SHOW WINDOWS AND
1J 4 lar'-"- ro-»ms: rent <n y $22 f>o. 422 Hlxih.
OFFICES TO LET.
OFFICKS 1O LET— I 9 POWELL 6T., OPPO-
»ue Baldwin Hotel.
THE SAN FOAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 7, 1897.
PERSONALS.
lADES' AND GENTS' FASHIONABLE
-" dress and every-doy shoes to order; guaran-
tee i: (1) to be neat and perfect fi . (-') 10 be
cheaper than uu can bin- ihem alieadv ma-is;
proposition, sample <-f shoes a d leaihers shown,
meHsurement.-i taicen at yor.r home; shoes de>
liverird free when made; upon delivery If aatia.
factory, you pay for them, if not you ose nothine:
Inclose stamp fir samples, etc. F. M. WOOD*
Wa i. I), shoe «rtist, 1007 Market St.
MISS LOESKL H S REMOVED TO 121
Montgomery st., room 8.
HAVE YOUR HOUSE PAINTED WITH Al
stock, no dope or tish oil: rooms papered S2
up wliHenea,slsoup: papnreil, grained, va nished, I
$5 uj). AMBttOSE & bCHAAF, 1029 Kearny st.
CLOAKS AND TAILOR-MADE SUITS RE-
\J tailed at wholesAle ligures. 20 Sausome st ,
nps-air*.
MASSAGE TREATMENT GIVEN BY MRS.
EMMA ROSK, former, y at the Hammam
Baths; hours 9 09. 17 Founh St., room 1.
C- A I. HYPNOTIC INSTITUTE,] 346 MAI KET:
V hypaotUm taught; $B; diseases <& habits cured.
I i OOL' I'ROUBLKS.
• '* Rheumatism permanently cured by short treat-
ment at DH. SMITH'S ELKCTRO-MAGNKTIC
BATHS; try them a d be hea'.ed; sure cure; con-
sultations tree, 1t03.6 to 8 P M. : Sundays 10 to
12: hygenic board: sunny rooms. 3533 Buchanan.
A DVICE FREE: DIVOUCE LaWv A sl'EO
i\- laity; private; ro Jee without snecess: pro-
bate. insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale'
darnaues, etc. : private detec-tive.s; estab. 10 years.
K.W.HUWS, ut:y-at-la\v. h5O Market.cor.Utocktn
HAIR OR SCALP TBOUBLKS? USE -QUINO-
n!a" Hair Tonic, 35c bottle. G. LEUEitER,
111 Stockton st.
MMX. HOLLAND HAS REIURNED AND
located par or 1, 223 Post s!.; pa'niist. '
"\JISS PEARL HARRISON, FORMKRi-Y 223
J-'X Fost si., removed to 12Ji/ 2 Geary, room 2.
QUTERFLUOUS HAIRS REMOVED BY
0 elf. uolysis. MR. DE WELCH, 2115 Bush.
SUITS TO ORDER ON INSTALLMENTS; $i
a week. N. Y. Tailoring Co., 115 Kearny.npstalrs
RHKUMATISM CURED OR MONEY RE-
funded; poor treated fre>\ 305 Kddy st.
HHUF.-CHMIDT, SANITARY PLUMBEIi,
• gasrltter. 623 uoldeu t;ate ay. Tel. fcuuer47l.
-MB. MYRTLE I'OTIEB REMOVED FROM
1362 Market st. lo 8a Sixth, room 17.
DIVORCE AND ANNULMENT <)F MAR-
riage; legal every\vh°re: terms and payments
ob!lpin«. Addresi loc»box F, 1538 Market st.,
San Francisco, CaL
OPECIAL AND LAST CLASS OF SEASON IN
1 O haiidressins and manicuring begins Mondny,
April 2t>: half rates Kiven. Up-To-Date Parlor',
1028 Marketst.. over I ne Wonder. Tel. Mint 1595
DHL KEN — CI'KES GUARANTEED.
XJ Gold Cure, Sacramento, Cal. : 26 Page St., S. F.
A RE YOU SATISFIED WITH YOURHAIR-
- » dresser? Have you tried L-derer? My nair-
dressin^ costj only 25c for any siyle (only one
1 rice), and is easily the best iv town; swi;ches
run from $1 to $A; bleaching roots ot hair, 50c;
restoring gray or bleached hnir, from *1 5J to S5.
U. LtDiiRER, llls;ocaon t.
RACIAL BLEMISH KS, WIIINKLEs, SMALL-
pox ptiinss a'ld suptrtluous hair removed by
laics- discvfry; sunken eyes and cheeks filled
out; lalOms-i (tired. MX.-. E. KI.NG. 6-J4 Sutter.
"LINK BLACK SUIT; fl2 50. Mlai'li' ci^Oiil-
X 1 iuk parlors. 513 Moutgomer/ st.
]|||j|| BUSiNESS CARDS PRINTED, $150;
X\J\J\J wedding work. HILL, 22i/i Geary su
HOME, A J-KIEND AND MOl'iihK'S CARK.
MRS. DH. jrUKKS, 1416 hi hth st.. Alamed*
TKY US ON YOUR NEXT SUIT; MODERN
lailorinsc: lowes: prices. 216 Kearny, upstairs.
JOSEPH Ci.KVE.v'a OPEI'.A SCHOOL FUR-
nishes solos, duets, quartets or entire opera acis
lor the professional singe, ana for oratorio, concert
or church as well, on hhortent notice. Murphy
Luilding, rket and Jones, looms 121 and l-.'2.
T>ELIABLE AND It'IENT DETECTIVE
-It service. Rcoms 19, 20 and 21, Chronicle bldg.
IjIO OUTDOOK STEKKOPTICON .^HOW KVE-
i > ry nigh: cor. Market and blxth sis. ; artistic ad-
"vertisements In llviu? light: lirumoten of busi-
cess. Consult OWL AD V. CO.. 1 140 Marketst.
I.iARTINGTON'S PCHoOL Of MAGAZINE
1 and Newspaper Illustration: particulars as lo
terms, etc.. 424 Pino St.: illustntuoui :iuuituiou
fur magazine*!, ne^v spapen. cic.
PUP-lUKE t.MJ I'lLi-.S CURED: NO PA If
Jt nntll enmi. nend lor boot. ItRS. Ma A*
HELD& POKTEKFIELD b3S Marke;
ELKCTRIU LIGHT.-j IN EVEKV ROOM:
Winchester Honn- 44 Third «t, tir. Market:
IUO rooms. 25a to $1 60 pee night: * t 50 to *ti pec
week; tree bus and baggage to and srom ".be ierr/
A^V4» ! NEWS FOR- B CENTS — TH!»
WEEKEY .vi.t.. In wraDPer. for mallinz.
DKKSSMAKKRS.
DRESSES $2 UP: CAPES $1 UP; WKAP
pers 50c. up 431 Minna st. . . ..
I
MEDICAL
ALL CASES OF MONTHLY SUI'PItESBION
(from whatever cause) restored in a few
! hours: safe and sure at any time: instant relief for
: travelers; home in confinement: bes: care and
i rrivacy: regular physician: 30 year*' euccesstai
i practice: my. celebrated remedies for monthly
suppression never fail: every case guaranteed:coo-
suitation free, confiden.lal; hour* 10 to S; pills $L
JIKS. DR. WVKTH, i.-i Post »c, near l.artdn.
DX. J. H. JOSSELYN, THE GREAT SPECIAL-
ist, still offers bis valuable rervlccs to the uo-
I lortnnate. With a mind ma tired and enriched by
studies of an advanced order, there is hardly a
disease In the catalogue of human ills i-.p caunot
treat to a perfect cure. Ladles, he Is always lea iy
| to assist you. His knowledge nas been atrengtb.
I ened by extensive experience. Xfo case peculiar
; lo your delicate organism Is beyond his sure con-
j trot. His female monthly remedies are sure and
| tKte In their effVct*. His tried and valuable reme-
| dies tor lost manhood are never-falling In their
action, and are warranted for both jouik and old.
! He excels all others In the cure of private diseases.
| Liver 60 years of practice enab es him to warran;
j a cure in all cases. Consuita.lon parlor*. mi
Market st. Call or w rltu direct U> UOO Market a:.,
rooms 11 and 12. »V>
A PROCESS THAT JS PERFECTLY HARM-
Jess; never falls In any caso of monthly gtck-
i nens. no motler what cauic; no electricity liuin-
! bng or other dangerous methods; money lv every
| case refunded if a cure is not efftcied: travelers
| fcfclped immediately; years' experience; home lv
> confinement with sanitarian convenience. Con-
eult free the only reliable physicians, DR. AND
MRS. DA VIES, 14 JicAiliB;er sl, uext Hib«rm*
Bank: hours, 9 a. m. to 5 and 1 to 8 r v.
A LL LADIES USE "
J\. ■ -
RENARD REGULATING WAFERS.
An infallible cure. For further particulars call
or send 2c stamp to Pucin> Coast Agency.
KK.NARD MEDICAL CO., 323 Spreckels build-
ing, 927 Market st., S. F., CaL
PROCESS iHAT NEViilt JrAILS^TORK-
Etore every case of monthly sickness from
whatever cause In a few bonrs when m?dlclnes
iuii others have failed; ,no instrumenus used;
many years' experience: every cas« guaranteed;
advice free; terms reasonable; first-class private
home for confinement. M US. DR. DALKY, 112<J
Jlarkft st., over the Owl Drugstore. 'V- ;
ANJS.W PROCESS— NO MEDICINE OR IN-
Btrumeut used; every woman her own physi-
cian for all female troubles, no matier from what
canse: restores always in one dxy; be Kent
and osed at home; positive cure; genuine new
process can only be had at my olli ■•■ any other is
imitation, worthless. DR. POPPER, 818 Kearny.
DR. FOULET'S FRENCH ULES — A
guaranteed iibsoiutf cure for nil f»ma'e dls-
easo-. (no matter what cause); positive y safe and
sure: no danger or after effects; taken in time It
alsoacsas a preventive; price $160 per box:
sent free by mail on receipt uf price. WALLER
BROS., 33 Grant aye.
DR. AND MRS. Wl-GENER, 528 EDDY BT.:
private home; every comfort: separate rooms
before and curing contlnemetu ; female complaints
skillfully treated: regular physician: quick relief
lor travelers; Lest care; terms moderate; babies
adopted In good families: consultation free; i>ilnsi
DRU bOODWIS SPECIALISTS. LADIEB
near or far: safe, quick cure guaranteed, any
disease or complaint; home for patients; best skill,
tree diagnosis: low fees: self-cure. 401 Van Nesj
A LPEAUS FRKNCH PILLS— A BOON TOLA-
J\. c:«s with female troubles; nodanger; safennd
sure; *2 50express C. O. D. ; don't di-lay until too
late. OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland-.Cal.
fcURE CLItE FOX ALL FKMAUS DIS.
eases from whatever causa; a home la con-
finement with every comfort; satlsfuctiou guar-
anteed by MRS. UVVYER, 228 Tur< st.
A LL FEMALE COMPLAINTS AND DIS-
XV eases of the eye permanently cured at MRS.
DR. SCOTT'S, 410 Geary st ; consultation free.
1 \V PBAK'o FEMALE RKOULATLNU PILLS;
U safe and eflicient emnienattoi;ue: $1 per box.
RICHARDS <fc CO.. druggists, Clay sl.,soleagts,
N>URPAMsED REMEDIES FOR FEMALB
troubles, diseases. JIRS.DK, PUETZ, 254y 4th.
I .r. HALL, 14 MCALLISTER street. JS^AU
J ' Jones. Diseases ot women and chlldreo. '
/ BICYCLES.
TANDEMS, '96" PATTKKN, GOOD AS NEW.
$70 and upward: bargains - m second - hand
wheels. Golden Ru.e Bazaar cyc.e department,
25 Geary st.
AMBLEK, UNRKDEKMED, NEW; A BAR-
gain.' Baldwin Jf-welry Sor-, 948 Mar<nt sl. i
PROFESSIONAL < Ai;i»s.
JOHN E. RICHARDS, LA W OVk'UMa, KOOBU
<l 'Da and 27, Crocket ■ MIIU>IIMU . Mi»i>iiun« llu
"i£h fcmi i raiif.a-.-u, CaL " • . .
EDtCATIONAL.
' A NDERSON'^. ACADEMY AND SCHOOL
J\ Mathematics: pupils prepared In -dar and
I evening classes and by private lessons for Calior- '
| nia aud Stanford universities; - teachers.' marine j
! engineers' and civil servicj examinations; special
rv'sr classes; ruatb^maticx, njecliamcal drawing;
tigh school pupils coached. R., 402 Parrot: bid?.
A HOOL OF PHYSICAL CULTURE AND
Elocution. 1215 Octavla St., . an Francisco.
Ml^S KLIZA MACKINTOSH, rui>il of Profesior
G. W. Baynham, Glasgow, Scotland, and graduate
of the bchool of Oratory. Philadelphia. Pa.,
teacher. Onice days. riday p m . saturdnv a m.
HKALD'S HUSiNEriS VOLLKOK, 24 POST—
Bookkeeping, tusiness practice, ehorthand.
i typing, -telegraphy, languages,'- English branchai,
ilectrical engineerinij: -U teachers; 15.0UU »i-»aa-
ties; day fcUtl evpnlnj ysslons; catalogue.
AYRKS' BUSINESS COLLEGE. 325 MONT-
Komery 5..: liidividua!. lustrnctiOT in short-
hand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc. ; il;e
Kcholarship $50: mw. rales per week and month.
Telephone blacic 2795. ■. ' . ...:•■
BELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
X) Vrlvate theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 6 and 12. 1.0.0. F. block, 7th and MkU
TT»NOINEERING SCHOOL; MECH.. ELEC
JCi civil, luinins. Fnrvey, assay, archit., X ray
tauuht; es.lB6*. A. VAN DER NAILLMN.933 Mkt
I>ROFESSOH OF MUSIC WISHES TO EX-
X change lessons for room. 1707 Market st. :
PIANO LESSONS 50c HOUR. MR. WATTS,
218 -Golden Gate aye. "■;-'•
INGING, VOtOK CULTURE, PARIS GRAD-
uate; French. Ger. lang.: $2 mo. 109 Taylor.
BOOKKPNG. KITNG. ARiIUMTC. GRAMH,
day & nistr.: nociatses: $5 month. »45 Missioa.
ri UITAR. MAKitOLiS. PiANo A.VU Vud-
\JT lessoni. SA mv. Mary Westhaus. 3t» Fifth.
ÜBSCRIPTION* AND WANT ADS FOR THK
SUBSCRIPTIONS AND \V ANI ADS FOR THK
Caix taken at brauca clUcu, ta» Maytsa «v;
open until y.30 o'ch-clv. . .'  r .
CLAIRVOYANTS.
WHAT IS YOUR VOCATION? ' ' ♦
HAVE YOU PROSPERED?
WHAT ARE YOUR HOPKS?
Mrs. DR. F. CLARK-. will lift the dark veil of
your future life: she gives yon valuabe ADVICE
»nd AID In all affairs of life, of private vs well as
of business na:ure as, lor in-tance, pertaining to
Love, Matrimony, Friendship, Business Lawsuits,
Contested \\ ills, Divorce. Damage Suits. Mining.
She. discovers lost or stolen property, finds buried
treasures, prevents sickness mißfortune: recon-
ciles the separatep, thus restoring lost happiness.
Every person i< adapted to some articular bu»l-
-u#B', profession or i rade. which may justly be term-
ed tbei.- lru<> vocation, and yet mure tban half of
you are fighting against an unknown fate for fame,
lortune tiiid position which you do not and cannot
■ obtain until you rind your true vocation. Hours. 9
I to 6 aaily. Send stamp for circ"lar and special
terms. MRS. DX. F. CLARK. 1206 Maiket, S. F.
|)UOMS CROWDED
AND EVERYBODY SATISFIED.
TKL.LS FULL NAME.
A^KS NO QUESTIONS.
MRS. NASH,
CLAIRVOYANT AND MKDIUM. : • .':■ --
This celebrated medium, the clairvoyant of all
cli'.lrvoyants, who sees it all, lells you all and in-
stantly elves you peace and happiness 1 nsver
asK a question, but before you utter a word I teil
your name, names 111 lull of al i that you are Inter-
ested in, all dates, firts. etc. I tell you who are
true to you und who are false, what hopes you
may have winning your desires and what obsta-
cles are. in your way and how to remove them,
liow to ninke tne best of your talents and pros-
per. How-to get money. I find lost articles and
locate hidden treasure. Before en eriug into busi-
ness, law, divorce or marriage consult me. Drive
away evil spe'K gtumbiln^ blocks, bad luck and
hhUits. and overcome all evil woiks, r.vais and
I enemies. I never fail .-I have brouitu about
1 more happiness than all othir mediums, (thers
j are be belied; why not you? If you are going 10
see a medium, why no: see the very best? It costs
. , no more. Not'iingto be paid iv advance, und if
I not entirely satisfactory nothing nt aIL Do you
! desire anything fairer than ihut? Residence, 4 VO
I F.ildy st-. between I eavenworth and liyde. OOice
hours: 9 A. M. to 8 r M. - ■'.'. ■■-.:
LADIES KKCKIVED ONLY.
N. B.— No sijjns. Permanently located. ,
MISS VAN DE VF.KE, CELEBUATKD PaLM-
Ist, trsuct; medium; if there is anything you
! wish to know, any desire or your hear: ungrailtied,
I cousuit one whose power has ruysii tie . the most
sceptical; she noi only possesses the unborn s?ift
of Bi>ulcla!rvoyancy, but'Stuilled for : yen r.\ with
musters InOCCDlllsm, and guarantees satisfaction;
I "Napoleonic" chariiM in ake you intailible in love
and business. 1 Filth St.. parlors 1, 3 and 3a.
MilK UK THOMAS, SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
er by. eggs. M>d cards;, tells entire life, pay* ;
Ir" sen-, intura; consultations on all affair); no'.h-
-y.-j. ezcepted; names given: good advice: sura
! help; restores lost lov« hy eympatny; mistake Im-
! possible: fee *1 : leit-rs'2. . £2VPoat st-, nr Jlarkla.
MME. PORTER— WONDERFUL CLAIRVOY-
I'i ant and card-reader: boru with do;ibl» veil
■ and second slKht; dia^m s diseases with full life
■ reading; ladles 50c: cunts $1: pa'n.lstry und clulr-
voyant Biitlugs, $1 50t 12t> Turk st-, near Jones.
MME. ARNDT. GEVJIAN FORTUN K-TELL-
er; tells past and future) gives picture future
Jiusband or wife; 73c up; never fuiis. 9j" Harrison.
MMX. .MKL«OURN>, GUIED CLAIRVOY-
aot; never fails; rail und be convinced. 419
! | Geary il. , ruum 22, second Jluor: 25c
MMX MOREAU. KI-JST FORTU>E-TKLLK.R,
medium, card-reader; 25c up. 764 Howard st.
GVIsV LIFE READEK..3 SEVENTH ST.:
Indies 25c, gents 60c; all qnestiOns answered.
MME. KAVFNA READS LIFE FLUENTLY:
business advice; names given: 25c up.s Fourth.
MME. SYHILLE TKLI.S FROM CRADLE TO
grave: pictures glven:ladies 2sc. 914 O'Farrell.
MRS. MKLVILLE, WhLL-KNOWN CLAlR-
voyant, 51 Fifth St.: water reaain,s specialty.
CABINET BATHS FOR LADIES AND
\J gents. Ai>ICE FAY. 128 Seventh St.. top Ha .
i ,
SPIRITCALIS3I.
MME. OSMAN, SPIRITUALMKDIVM, GIVES
ui>-ssages ami advic-* on all matters pertain-
i ing to mortal affairs. 838 Mission st. %. ;
I O NIGHT— KaT EKENSE.MANN AND MR.
| 1 Hai grave; grand test circle; 25c. 403 Hayes.
CV. MII.L<:U'S ETHEREALIZING, M Ti •
• riaiizing trumpet Br. 25c 535 Pos-
tS 1 All) TKST MEETING TO-NIGHT,
418 McAllister s.U: 10c. Mjae. Youiik', Smith.
MKS. MAYO STEERS, n2l/ OAK: CtKCLKS
Tuesday, 8 p. M , TliursilHy, '2 p. m.: readings.
MMX. VIOLI-T CHKSTEK, FORMERLY OF
'223 Post St., removed to room i, 207 Post st.
AM. FRANCIS. INDEPENDENT SLATE
. writer. 118 lla.;-lr St.: hours 9 until 6p. ii.
MKS, C. J. ME V ER— I KSTCIU. '2 ANDB P. M.;
tests to all: 10c; silting*. 326 McAllister su
pEMOVAL- FRED EVANS, THE SI.ATK-
IX writing medium, ll now located at 1122 Market.
MRS. J. J. HITNEY, SPIRITUAL MEDIUM,
for messages and advice. 218 Stockton
HYFNOTISM.
HYPNOTISM CURES WHEN ALL ELSK
fails: a)«o taught. Hypnotic lnst.. H O'Farrell.
•>■» DENTISTS.
VAN VBUOM & CO.'S KLECTRO- DENTAL
V Parlors, 99V Market st. : lady attendant; no gas
or oilier dangerous j.n»schetics Riven; electric tv
the great agent used to relieve paiu; teeth lilled
and extracted painlessly by onr new electrical
process; a written guarantee given with all work
done; lowest prices, best work; all surgical work
attended by G. W. Williams >n, M.D., piiysician
and surgeon: examination free by iiieu-e-.n our
new deciilca) appliances: porcelain and gold
crowns; > bridge-wurk und teeth without plates a
specialty. Electro-Dental Parlors, 997 Market st.
A FULL SET OK TEETH. $5; PAINLESS
A extraction: Bee our new combination plate:
! thlnuest, lightest, coolest plate made; warranted
| 10 years: ings. COc; crowns, $3 50 i lady assist-
! ant. CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS, 24 Sixth.
ROOmIs DKNTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 MAB-
\J ket, ti-t. 3d and 4th: gais specialists: painless
extracilng, with gas, 91: plates, $7 up: fill, $1 up.
Q»- FULL SET ' TEETH: BEtsT MAKK;
1 <pD. kept In repair; extractlug free; tllllnf;s,6oc;
crown*. 93 51). Pucillc Dental Parlors, ll* Third.
SET OF TEETH WITHOUT A PLATE. DR
H.C. Young, 1841 Polk«.
"POttITIV KLY PAT» LES-» EXTRACTION. Da
X HARDING, 600Sutter cor. Powell: u-1. ma1n5375
K. J. J. LEEK, 1126 'MARKET ST.; OPEN
evenings;. Sundays till noon; dentistry tauglu
/AOLTON DiJ.:>TAL ASS-OCIA ilO.\, bOti -*Ait-
\J ketst lJli. CHARLK^ W. DECKER.
Cl A BET FOX 1 f.rii H- A KKAM'KD \-i
<!D i good as can be made; nlllng $1 DR t>lM3l4
j dentist, 630 Market su. ni-.i- Baldwin Theater. . .
1 \R. LUDLO'-M iiILU 144J MAKKJiT ST., NR,
i-J Eleventh; no charge lor extracting wben
plates are made: eld plate« made over Uka new;
. teeth from $8 per set: extracting 6oc: gas given.
I\li. UKO-HUK W. LEEK, THE GfcNUINS
JL/ Leek dentist, discoverer of painless eztractloa
»n: patentee of Unproved brldca work or ie«ui
,WlUiout plate, moved from bio ko O'Farrell*^
LL WORK I.KASONABLK AND Wi*
ALL WORK I.KASONABLK Market W^U-
ranted. DR. J. W, JitY. 13!iO Market »v
; ATTORNETS-AT-LAW.
ADVICE FRKK; DIVORCE LAWS A BPEC-
lalty: private; no fee without success: pro>ate,
insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale, deeds,
damages, etc.; private detectives: esub. 10 years.
O. W. IiOWK. 650 Market st,. corner Stockton st.
W. KING, ATTORNEY-AT-LAW, CHRON
• icle building;: advice u«e; low iv. uil tasei
CITY REAL ESTATE. \; \ "
rpKE 3 BUILDINGS ON LOTS SITUATKD ON
JL the south side of Stevenson St.. beginning 135
feet west of Third and extending sixty I (60) feet
westerly. Proposals to bu made to R.'-Ip hro-.,
927 fleet st. Proposals tv state time require i
to remove bulldlnes.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS NEW HOUSE-2420
-IT Gough st., near Broaiway; contains 8 rooms
and bath: all the la.cst improvements; prlca
8700U: on ea^y ternr - ■
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
FOR SALE OR I XCHANGE FOR CITY
nroperiy — A n!ct> cmiutry home, with 6 rooms,
fruit trees, horse, buggy, cow, etc.: sultan > for a
shoemaiter. see owner, 16 Albion aye., nr. 15th st.
OR SALE OR TRADE-20 ACRES RICK
cnld-bearinc OR TRADE— 2O patent. M. E.,
jrold-hearinsr travel; mineral palenu M. E.,
box 50, Call oflioiv '
MONET TO LOAN.
BORROW MONEY ON YOUR WATCHES,
diamonds a;;d jewelry at hulf the interest you
pay e.sewhere. T KATE LOAN Oi-FICE,
room 7, Fiood buildiug, entrance BL)y Market st.
A LOANS ON FURNITURE OR PIANOS,
. tn b. F., Oakland or Alameda. at lowest rates:
wltbout removal: no <ommtssiotis: nu delays.
J. NOON AN, 1017 to iO2» iliasiou 0.., aU>vu bixtu.
telephone Jessie 41.
IGHLY HEsPKCTABLK AND PKIVATK
place to obtain liberal advances oh diamonds
and jeivelry of the lowest rates, Baldwin Jewelry
S'.ore, 948 Market St.: telopbono Green 204.
w' ! nn i\iu\ AT 61 ***** cent on city
tJpOvU. \J\J\t real estat»; also Oakland: esiaiei,
life insurance, second mortgage, any sum. Miu-
baltuii Loan Co.. 10 Mills buildliic. ground floor.
NY AMOUNT: IST, 2D.OR 3DMOUTUAGES,
estates, undivided lnu>rests, real esiata Iv pro-
bate; furniture aud pianos without tuiuovah.
IicCOLGAN, '24 .'•'. inilKomerf si., room X.
ON FURNITURE. PIANOS: WITHOUT K-
moval; low In.eresi; no coiiuuissious. 1404
Stocktou st.
HY PAY HIGH INT. ON SMALL LOANS?
WHY PAY HIGH INT. ON SMALL LOANS?
VVe loan at 65c interest per mo. on each $101)
on 2d mortgage; any security. . Gold, box 4, Call.
CUQOX iiul) AT BANK RATKS: IST AN
«JpO^»^. Uvv/ 2d mortcases, estates rents, etc.:
Itnd a« iow as 50. H. MUKPHY. 624 Markets:.
NY AMOUNT OX PIANO WITHOUT RE-
ANY AMOUNT O.V PIANU WITHOUT RK-
moval; very low interest. 116 McAllister st.
ON FURNITURE; VERY LOW INTKRESI'; I
no commission. SCRIB.VKR, 7 City Hall aye.
LOANS ON RKAL KSTATK, BONDS. ETC.;
lowest rates, by McAtKK BROS., 108 Montgy. i
ONEY TO LOAN ON CITY KEAL ESTATE;
any amounu WILLIAMS, 214 Pine sU, r. 3.
eu -% rvO.ooo ON LIFK INSURANCE POLICIES
«JplU low Interest. JOS. B. 'IOPLITZ, 33U Pine.
m.^/\ TO $40,000: LOWEST RATE; IST A2D
JJpdU mortg. : any proposition. Dryden, 413 Mont
NY SUM, lsT OR 2ND MORTGAGES. ES-
tates In probate, etc. Km. 7, 508 California, su
HIONEX WANTED. r j
WANTED — TO LOAN, $2500 FROM PRl-
avte patty at 8 er cent, on prop rty in Sants
Cruz worth fNiiOO. Addre.is A. &>., box 71, Call.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A RE YOU ABOUT TO PURCHASE A PIANO?
J\- We sell them for $n, $4, $5, $6, $7, 98. $9, $10
per month; also for cash: the besc makers of every
grade; don't pay rent when the same monthly
payments will purchase one from us. SHERMAN,
CLAY «t CO., cor. Kearny bud butter sts.. Uteln-
way dealers.
A BSOLUTELY THE OLDEST AND LARGEST
J\. bouse west of Chicago Is KOHLER .t
CHASE'S. 26, 28 and SO O'Farrell St.; pianos, or-
gans and all other musical instruments, of all
grades and prices; terms easy: prices lowest
everything possible Cone iv please aud batiafy tlid
customer.
A CTU.VLLY THE BEST BARGAINS IN PI-
ACTUALLY THE BEST BAWUINa IN PI |
anos; monthly payments from *5 up; deliv-
ered free with stool and cover: correspondence
solicited. THE F. W. SPENCER COMPANY
salesrooms 933 Market Mb, opp. Masou; to.*u
llshed over L'O years. ■' :t'
GREAT BARGAIN TO-DAY— UPRfGHTS
$125, $15»i, $175. MAUVAIS, 769 Market.
BEAUTIFUL $500 WALNUT DECKER <fc
X> sou npil;iit, guo<l as new, tor $290 cash.
VAls, 7«9 Market st.
OKA • FIDE REDUCTION IN PRICES—
Halnes. Knabe, Bush Herts and others; sec-
llaines. Knabe. Bush <fe Gerts and others; sec-
rn:o-haiid pianos from $100 up. W. C HAMIL-
| 'lON, successor to A. J. Bancroft «V: Co., 3*24 Post.
OMINISTRATOR'S SALE — MUST SELL;
ADMINISTRATOR'S BALK — MUST SELL;
p.ano* at immense reduction for cash or on
Inst-illinents. Ea'ION ESTATE. 735 Market st.
i HAW, STEINWA\, *250; CHICKERING.
O S185: bnr-.-alns, $4 a month; a vice small up-
right, »96; rent $2- up. HJSINE, 136 Ellis su
<2l()Z GOOD PIANO: MUST BE BOLD AT
<pZ«_>. ouce. *326 Thirteenth »U, bet. Mission
and Valencia.
I FEW RENT CONTRACT; NO INTEREST
I j^ to begin wi h: come, let us explain. 136 Ellis.
ELEGANT $800 WEBKR UPRIOHT. CHEAP.
BRUKNN'S Piano-house, 228 Post st.
KNABE PIANOS; NEW SCALE; NEW
styles. KOHLER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell su
j , , , ._
(J. 11- RODGERS' CABINET GRAND
«jrl^J.Kranlieu:bareainB HORNUNG.'2I6Post
■VTEARLV NKW BABY GHAND STEINWAY;
i-1 great bargain. 1021 Van Ness aye. ;'■_; .
T)AKE CHANCE; GOOD UPRIGHT CHEAP.
lli SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hlbernia
TtThkKJIaN, CLAY * CO.'S ONLY WILL
xL you find a slock of new Stelnway pianos.
W(V. RADUKIt. SOi^E A>ENT FORHALLET
. A- Davis ami Francis Bacon pianos. 415 *act<x
YKON iIALZV. fcOS P>.-al' S.T.— >OHiU.^.^
BYKON iIAUV. iOa Fob! M.->OUM^.,
Newbir & Kvani, Brlgcs and ether plauoi.
SUPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS, OLD& NEW
H. MULLER. mak-»r. repairer. 2 i.a:liam place.
UOKSES.
TjMmT SaTlE^aITaY MARE, 7 YEARS OLD;
J sound; in good condiliou: Al roadster; single
or double. Olympic Stables, 503 Sutler st.
SHETLAND AND SADDLE PONIES, BU3I-
O ness and roadliorse. 6U5 Golden Gate aye. ; 0
ri. jIoRSES FOR SALE: WAGONS AND
%J\) harness, at car stables. 721 Howard st. auc-
tion every Tuesday. . :
UCTIO.V SALES EVERY BATURDAY AT
11 o'clock of horses, buggies, wagons, harness,
etc. Emporium sales yards, 220 Valencia aU, S.
WATKIN*. auctioneer.
.1(\ HOUSES FOR SALE; ALSO WAGONS.
lU buggies, carts, harness: Orand Arcade Horsa
Market, 327 Sixth su : nuctlon sales every W*l'
nesday. fc> U LH V aN & DOVLK. Auciloueers.
•T El BOLD HARNESS COMPANY; 500 SETS
'XJ of gi<od harness, our own make, of every de-
scription, for less money than you can buy Eastern
trash: send for catalogue. 110 McAllister su, S. F.
CA HEAD OF HORSES SUITABLE FOR ANY
01/buslness 900 to iSOU pounds. Old Turk-sL car
stables, 1801 Turk: team of Inrtre vouna mule*.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
WANTED— DKLIVERY WAGON, SUITA-
bIe for dye works, at reasonab.e price. 318
Eleventh su
ON'EGOOD COUPE FOR SALE CHKAP FOR.
ca h. Apply 3921 Calllornia. nr. Second aye.
VTr.W AND l-ECOND-HAND BAKER, LA UN-
J>.i dry and milk wagon: also fin* top buggy ami
rockaway. »l 8 Harrison st. ?
<ip.ki/« MISSION — SUBSCRIPTIONS A.\O
J.O—\) want ads taken lor Thk Call
LEGAL NOTICES.
THE CALIFORNIA DEBiUS COMMISSION,
JL having received applications to mine by the
hydraulic process from the industrial G.>ld SOiifug
Coniuuny in the old French mine, near Indian
Diggings, Xl Dorado County, to depcslt tniliui;-, in
Ceda; Creek; from Jam s Rooks in the Messerer
mine, near Spanish Ranch, Plnmas ounty. to .it-
posit tai. ings iv t-paniati Cftex; Irom the Haskel
Ravtne Mining Company in its mine iv Moh wk
Valley. Sierra County, to deposit! ail on a Hat,
aud from Costa, Davis & Co. in their mine a:.
Cherokee Butle County, to deposit tailings in an
o d pit, gives noti<e that a meeting will be held at
room 59, F ood btilliii g. Sau Fiancisco, Cal., on
SU,- 24. 1897, Ht 1:30 r. IT
CITY AND COUNTY- TREASUKY, SAN
) Francisco, April 15 1897.— 1n compliance
with me provision* of section 5 of order 1598 of
the Boar.) ot Supervisors, approved >eptemb<.T 15,
IHBO, there will be sold at public auction by E. s.
spi-ar ifc Co., at their salesrooms, HI and Ha butter
street, on ' -.. •"!". '
MONDAY, MAY 17,
At 10 o'clock a. ii. sundry articles of stolen, lon
and unclaimed property recovered by the. police
torce of San Francisco, i s detailed in an inventory
thereof on tile in the : c-fllce of the i leric of tne
Bo.ira of Supervisors, and consisting o! jewe ry,
weailns; apparel, pl'tol*. 'knives, etc.: a lotot
truiiKs. valises. clotiiinsr, eic property of deceased
persons received from the i oronerof this city and
County. I Open for inspection on morning of sale,
A. C. WIDIiKK, ,
City and County Treasurer.
" HOTELS. ' : ■'.
IJBOOKIiYN HOTEL, 208-212 BUBH BT.,
I) board and room $1 to .42 per day. $6 to $1J
per week; choice rooms 60 cents W» $1; suite
icon.s lor family. sl to »1 50 per eight: lirst-cIMU
kfciVlti), Ute tWktU WiiAIILKS iIUJSXGUAHii* Jf
tOINTRT REAt, JKSTATB.
OA ACRES: NAPA COUNTY, NEAR f-T. HE-
CU lena: exce lent for virley rds, poultry, etc.,
with flowing springs; 7 acre* cleared: will be au.d
cheap. Apply to W. *OHI 14U0 Parino st. v
L OK sa.'.K-20 ACKKS FINE LAND, IM-
i proved; good (O'oiiy: will take No. 1 piano first
payment. Address J. N. THOMPSON, Kern, Cal.
INK HOMESTKAH LOCATION: ALFALFA
lant"; underwater ditch: within few ifiiles of
railioud station: $175 P.ir iculars 632 Market
St., room 5, >un Francisco.
GRriAT BAKOAIN-83 ACHE*: $.i 5 ACRE;
ca'.i be dlvUaJ; deep, rich soil; 4 flowinc
■prings; several small improved rla<-es cheap:
Alameda 10. H. J. DIGG ■ .«-. J*, 69C0U:mbifcn birtg.
1 ITTLE HOM.Es CLOSK TO TOWN; IM-
I-i prove I: eas.- terms: also 4 to 12-acre pieces
on 8 aud 10 years' credit." I). H. TWlvu, So-
noma Ci;y; every Onlay Ht 63' i M-^ruet St., h. F
SONOMA COUNTY: LITIL-. nOM. A SPE-
cialty. A. H. CHESS.MORE. real estate ago ut,
Sonoma, al. . - HU •'
fflM(| TO MAKIN CO. IMPROVED AND
•ptl \' unimproved laud: terms losult: fruit, grain,
vegetables, rail and water. R. 69. Chronicle bid^.
fi>^ AN ACKE; IjBJ ACKKa TIMJJKK; IiUO U |
«JT«J for stock or fiuit: plenty wnt<>r. K. box 40. '
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— oO» BROADWAY.
OAKLAND KfcAL KSTATK.
FOR SALE CHKAP— A HOI OF 9 ROOMS;
high basement, high attic, high loca.ion; fine
view; lot U50.xl00; froats on two str els: tv.o car
llno-i withi.i a b oc:t: also cheap ta-ru of 110 acres
8 milts from Oakland; come and see the prop-
er;le3. PAY. SHAFTER, 87 Claremont aye.,
Temescal. >. . • "
ANTED-RANCH SOUTH OF SAN FKAN-
»» cisco: will pay cash. Address box 7, Call
Office, Oakland. .
at-. f:a WILL BUY a beautiful LOT
•4T* *J\J nearstaion: thrifty ueUl.borhood: this
is a bargain; don't fail to see It: small c>sh pav-
nic.'i . houses built on Installment pan. to suit
purchnser... BASSETT lJltiw., fruitvale Station.
MUST SELL-LOT 223x171, NEAK LAKE
Merritt; good location; $900. Particulars
(J32 Market St., room 5.
<2/> 1 t\l\ EACH. 4 LOTS MrtLROSE STATION
«Jplv!U Tract: streetcar* and locnl trains; only
$1 down and $1 « wee*. 11. B. I'INNEV, 9U2
Bioadwav, Oakland.
GET A CHOICE, HEALTHFUL HOMK MITE
while prices are low; lots $100 to $150 at
Fitchhurar, ■ beyond Frnltva the Dest property
for Investment now offered: local trains and
electric cars: 10 minutes to OalciaDd and 49 to
San Francisco; splendid climate, out of damp
belt: soil excellent for gardening: very best water
facilities; good school; terms to suit. Berore buy-
ing In this locality see the owner of this property, (
C. M. KUNKLE. Jtlsy a Washiusjiou »v upstair* '
room 28, Oakland, Cal.
» WEJSK'S NEWS FOR 5 CKNTS-TUfS
-'V WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, tor mulling.
OAKLAND I'UKNISHKD KODMS.
"I AKGEKLNNYKO MS; OALXMX) HOTEL,
Xj Oakland: board optionnl. Btlm:.. off Broadway.
ALAMEDA ADVERTMMENfi
>«r.AMKT»\ i.J^Vti rc\T».
ffi|f)Q-/V NEW UOTTAOE 4 ROOMS AND
«Ir^O>JU. ba;h; $l:.ocash: $-0 month. y.
$.<:,oo— Beautiful colonial cottime of 7 rooms:
crnTlot: ftUxlOO: your terms ar-c-uri MAB-
CU.-sE d: KKMMEL, Bay-st. station (broad gauge),
Alameda: 628 Market st , s. F.
EXCKI-LENT OPPORTUNITY r'OK SALOON,
Xj in manufacturing (own of Newark. Alameda
County, Cal.; new building; rent reasomiliie;
license low. Apply J. H. NOBMANN, 1727
Broadway, Alameda.
FI-\K PIECE OF PBOPEK I V FOR SALI- AT
a barKai:i: whole or In subdivisions: 169 feet
frontage: 2 corners; 1 corner Improved: on elec-
tiic-car line; convenit-nt to 2 railroad staiions.
T. F. BAIRD, Real Estate Agent, 1303 Parksu,
Alameda.
ALAMKDA BOOMS ASD HOUSKS.
A LAMEDA-BOUMB AND BOARD FOR GEN-
J\. tlemen or coaple in private family, near
Chestnut-st. slatiun. Apply lliß Lafayette si.
T^URNISHED HOUSE Of EIGHT ROOMS
y tor Juneand July maiin«j view; nominal rent:
refereuc?* Apply to THOMAS J. DaVIS, 523
Market St. : .
I ■
ALAMEDA BOARD WANTED.
IN ALAM l)A OR EAST OAKLAND. ONE
bloc«i from station, two rooms, kitchen and bed-
room. A. E., box 89, Call.
BERKELEY KEAL ESTATE.
ffl»99^n A NEW AND MODERN 7-ROOM
«H> — *-O\J. colonial-style houje; just fialsheci;
electric and gas fixtures; cowd ceilin?*; porce-
lain bath; op»:n-w.>ric plumbing; fine mantel: lot
40x122; electric-cars pass door; 1 b.o'k from
BerKeiey local station; this price includes grad-
ing, macadamizing und sewer, etc. Can be had
••n terms to suit purchaser. Apply immediately
to owner, A. J. -NYDEK, 467 Ninth st., Oaklaud.
TRUSTEES' SAXES.
rrmusTEES' SALB-IN ACCORDANCE WITH
JL the terms and under the author!. y of a certain
deed of trust, duly executed by WILLIAM s.
HOPKINS and LiZZIK GiiKTKUDE HOPKI.NS
<tns wife), and WILLIAM H. L. IiAKNtS,
parties of the Urst part, to HENRY C.
CAMPBELL and iHADLhUS B. KENT, trus-
tees, parties of the second part, and the bAN
FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION, party Of the
third part, dated May Ist, 1890, aud recorded
In the office or the County Recorder of the City
and County of San Francsco, State of California,
in liber 1402 of deeds, at pages 88 and foJovv-
-Ins;, and lv pursuance of a resolution passed on
the Bth day of .*pril, 1897, oy the board of direc-
tors Of said SAN. FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION,
a corporation, and the holder of the note (No.
10,001). to secure payment of which the aforesaid
deed of trust wa<j executed, declaring that default
hull been made In the payment of the principal
sum and other turns dim under said note and
deed of trust, and requesting and directing said
HENRY C. CAAJPBKI^L and THADDEUS B.
KENT, trustees, to sell the real estate described
therein to satisfy said Indebtedness.
We. HENKY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEU9
B. KENT, trustees, do hereby give notice that on
TUESDAY, the 11th day of May, A. D. 1897,
at 12 o'clock noon of that day, and at the auction
salesroom of Easton, Kldrldge Co., No. 638 Mar-
ket street, in the City and County of San Francisco,
state of California, we will sell at public auction,
to the highest bidder, for casn In eoid coin ot the
United States, the piece or parcel of land situate
in the City and County of San Francisco, State
of California, described as follows, to wit:
Commencing at a point on ihe southerly line of
Sniter street, distant thereon one hundred anl
thirty-seven (pet six inches (137 and 6-12 feet)
eestarly from the easterly line of Leavenwuriu
street: rnnuing thence easterly alone said line of
Sutler street one liundr-d and thirty-Reven feet
six Inches C 137 and 6-12 feet); thence at rWht
angles southerly one hundred and thirty-seven feet
si Inches (187 and 6-12 feel): thence at right
angles westerly one hundred and thirty-seven feet
six inches (137 and 6-12 t.'i'i i, and the <•«• • t rignt
anule* norinerly onitDuii'tred and ttiirty-sevea feet
six inches (137 and 6-12 feet) to the point of com-
meiicoineni: being lot number on» thousand' one
hnntlr il r.riil twenty-one (1121) of the Hfty-vura
lot surver of theCliy of Sau Francisco, according
to the official map thereof ; together with the ap-
purtpnances.
TEH OF SALE— Cash In pold coin ot the
United States. 10 percent payable to the under-
signed on the fall of the liummer, lalance on de-
livery of deed, and If not so paid, unless for vrant
of title (ten days being allowed for search), then
said 10 per cent to be forfeited, and the sale to be
void. Acts of sale at purchaser's expense.
HENRY IiCAMPBKLU\ T . , t ,,,
THADDEUS B. KENT. / irn Wee*.
STORAGE. . .
"OEDUCKD KATES, FURNITUKE, PIANO 3,
li hou.ieholil £OOdS. c.c, J. M. IIKRCiC. 735 MfcU
.PHYSICIANS.
RTcrcroTDONl«^rLri2o6 MaluTetTkES
2864 25th »t.: diseases of women a -p^cialty
J.Ai.i>lA(iK Lldi.iJii).
The following m arriage licenses hay« been
issued by the County Clerk's olHce:
William H. Dutcher Bertna Carlson, 24—
H. W, Bromley and Lillie L»ngenr«lie-. 24—19.
A. K. Plummer aid Angeline Detfino. 29 — .3.
C. M. Kottlncer at,d Ed tn Kmvilie!vsky,27-i9.
KMu(W<liii, H (1 K.rmk la Martin 3 -40.
MARRIAGES— DEATHS."
[Birth, tnarrlac* aaJ dea.h notloes sent br mill
will not le Inserted. Tney mv« b» bauded la w
.either of 'the publication otuce«anl be .ndorjsl
with the name and residenco of perjom aiUhorixdJ
tohuve tuo sarno uuuiis'ip i | V- . ■•:.;=
BOitN.
ARN'KE- In this city, April 80, 1897, to the wife
; or H. Ar.ike, a son.
EDWARDS— in this city. May 5, 1897, to the
wife of Harry Edwards, a daughter.
LUEDERS-ln this city. Mny 4. 1807, tothe wife
<>f Herman Lu-'ders, a son. ■ t . ■ '
MAKIUJSO. ..
JONES— KENDALL— At the home of the bride
on Meridian road, near San Jo«e. April 24, 1897,
Rev. T. it. Lawson otllciailng, Cbarlei f. Jones
of Han Francisco an I Lillie L. Kendall. > t
PAGE— NELBON— In this cltr. April 2H. 1897,
. by the Rev. F. K. Baker, Edwar.l F. Page and
Maij E, Nelson, boiu of San Fraud -co. j
DIJSD.
Ayscouzh. Arthur G. Iloug'iton, James -
Bell. F;anc-"8 F. ii ik-s, Bridnet
Benz, rrederiKze Ingllj. Francii P.
Blamk. J-an •" livlue. Jaaiu It.
P-owen C aude N. .Io nn'ci. Carl B. H.
Broil -rick, JoSin 'I. Kfroy Patrick
Kiown. William W. . Miii:ilen. Pd'.r.ck
Cunni isaani Molile E. Maxulre. H»rry
J amon Margaret B. PurceiL Kllzitbeth
X.l. ii.;. Mary Rhdp George J.
Glliis. Neilia Schnelly, Josepblo*
Graef, Fred Biit«-r, Marie
Hacke. Charles W. Vahey, Michael J.
Hi.l. Janaps Wa KenreUiierTouiasa
■i iJLogau, Michael ■ . W.. sh. Annie J.
Waters, Hi.
AYSCOUGH— In this city, M»r 6, 1837. Arthur
Geor«e, beiovt-d son of Arthur aiiJ "Mar.- A ys-
cough a niu.v- oi Franc. sco, a;ed ti yeurs 3
mouths aud 10 days.
BKLL— In rhls r;».-. May 6, I«n7. Frances Fay,
oved daughter of >l r. mid Mrs. Joiiah Bell of
Kuie^a. Huinboldt County, Cal.
BENZ— in Kast OaklatJ. May 4, 1837, Freder-
ilcz^ Benz, sister of Mrs. Corolini* Hodijera, Dr.
Montoux anl William ft anl Emil W. nlon-
toux, tiiiMA-. •< Frankenberg, berniany, a^el
£.0 -.•■-ars 1 month and 27 days.
*^"Friend 3 and ucqualn:anci>i are respect-
ful v invitea to aitpna tlie Tuiiprn: THIM UAY
(Friday). »r. 9:31) o'clock a. m.. from the resi-
dence of Mrs Caroline ltodgrs llbi Kas fif-
teenth stree:. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery,
San FrancUco. ■
BLANK— thl* cltr. Ma.- 6. 1897. Jean Btank,
■ a native of Germany, a<trd 6-' years.
B> WEN— In this cltr. May 6. 1M97, Claude New-
to-i, only child of Ever-t. N. and tva Bowen,
h n.ttive of an Fraucisco. agei 3 ye^rs >i moutas
and 22 days.
BKODKRICK— In this city. Vnv 5.1897, John T.,
lovi.'ig father of .loli.i T." BroJeiick .lr.. ana
dearly belovel tie;>he-.v o' ..Irs 1 homas Ti<»r-
n ey, a native of .u.-y port. Mam., agdd Hi
j year« and 4 datrs [ N i,,ir pjri (Mass.) P^-
per« please copy.j
*3TFrii-uda anri arqußimanci«i ari> resp«p'-
fu.iy itivilea to fit'end the iumpim! SUNDAY,
Ma- 9, 1897 at 7:30 o'clock a. m.. from his lata
reiidence. 911 tryant s reet, th»nce to s>t.
Joseph's Church. Tenth street, \vner- • solemn
requiem mnsswiil be celebrated forthe repose ot
his soul, commenclni; at 8 o'clock a. m. In-
lerment Huiy Cross Ceme:erv.
BROWN— In this clly, May 4. 1537. William ,\V.
Brown, a wel.-knon.-n merchant of I tvermore,
Cai., a na>iv» o; Ind ana, a,-el 50 yL-ar« 11
months and 17 days.
JO" Friends anl Acquaintance ar» respect-
fill; v Invitea to atteii'l tn» fiiii'ral lIIIS DAY
(Friday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from ihe Presbvte-
ri >n Church. 1 ivvrmoro. intcrinmit Masonic
Cemetery, l.ivermo:i\
CUNNINGHAM— in thU eltr. May 6. 1837. Mo -
' lie I<:.. beloved duunhter of the iHte Jumes »'nl
Ellen ( iirin:ii,'ii m. und sinter of Katie A. and
ila^gle T. Cuuuinshaej a native oi ouu *'ruu-
cutco, aged 18 years aud 5 munthi.
DAMON —in this cltv. May 6. I^J7 Murearetß,
beloved wife of (ieor^e Damon, an i moinerof
-M..riii»n and Franklin G. Damon, a native or
Maine.
ELI lOTT-In Oak'.ani. May 6. 1897. Mary, be-
loved witeof Jamej Klli. tt, v. native cf County
Corn, irelanJ. a?el 86 ears. •
tS" Friends ami acquuintance.l ar» respect-
fnlly invitea to attend ihe :uneri*l TOMOKKDVV
(Saturday), at ■ S:80 o'clock a. m., from her latit
residence, ml Brus i Street, IJtcnM toth churcu
of tne (m ratulie C>nc ptlon. where a sol-
emn requiem in.i-s wiil ba celenrateit for tht*
repose or her snul, commencing at 9 o'cloo<
a. m. Interment St. Mary's Comatfrv, Oakland.
GILLIB-In this cltr. Mi«y 6. 1597. Nellie, belovel
wife of Cuarl-M Glllls. aad ster of R^v. Katlier
John Ryan of Mob'-Tiy, Mo., v iihiivo of Couni.-
Killcen.iy. lrjland. a^fl 3^ years. [St. Louis
- (Mo \ papers uie;na copy.
JtiT*Frlends an I ucqimlntances ara r^sppct-
fnuv invited toattentl liie funeral TO-MORROW
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m . from her late
resilience. 17a Minna *in.et iiieiic».<> tft. Pal-
riCK's Churcu, where a hcjihiu.i requiem inns') wilt
be celebrated for the repose of hrr soul, com-
niencln? at 9 o'clock a. m. ln:eruieut Holy
Crosi Cemetery.
GKAEF— In thUclty, Mar S, 1897. Fred Oraaf,
a native or Germany, a-.eJ 65 years.
HA( KE-In Eureka, Cal.. May 5, 1897, Charles
W., beiovei soa of cbrl>toplier and Metta
>la:ke, and brother of Fre ie'rlc'c. Henry and'
Wi.lia Hacke. a native of saa Francisco, agea
'21 yearj il moalhs and 20 days.
llE9*No:iceor fuuerat nt>rsir:ar
HILL-In Oakland, Mar' 6 1897. Jam»s. beloved
husoand or --arnh A. HII.. a native of New York,
aged. 79 yean 9 months and 13 days.
HOGAN— In tiiiicUy. May 5, 1897. Michael, be-
loved son of lie late William and Marsrars;
. Hogai. and brother of Patrick J. iiogan. Mrs.
Mn na^l Gl?a?on. Joan ilogan, Mrs. William
O'Brien and Ihomaj. A'ill am, Denuis and Mar-
tin. C lin;:in. ana ivo of Palace More, ue.ir
Nenagh. County lipuerary, Ireland, aged 61
j-e«r« 2 months and 5 da.-s.
MTI-'riemls aud acquaintances are raspecu
fully Invited to at'.pnd tu>« funeral THIS \>W
(Friday), at 2 o'clock p. it., from the residence
of his brother, .Martin C. liogan, 206 Fourteenth
street, tneuce o me Church of St. Chart's Bor-
romeo. Eighteenth aud shoiwell streets, for
services. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
HOUOHTON— In tbe City and Countr HoiDl'.al,
Ma- 6. 18 <7. James Uougtiton. agnd 47 years.
HYNE«3-In city. May 5. 1897, brkl get. be-
loved wife of Tnomns Hynes, mother of Patrick.
Joud, James. Andrew, Thomas and i Peter
Hynei. sister of Mrs. Mary BurKp, Hnd aunt of
Miss Miry Ford, a nut iva of the parish of Bur-
rms, Uoi;nty Clare. Ireland*, aged 51 > ears. .
Friends ■ and acquaintance* . are rtsDec*.-
fully invite 1 io atieiid the f.in-rui THIS DAY
(Friday), at 8:40 o'clock a. M., irom her lata
residence. 350 Fremont s'.reel, near Harrison,
ih-nct) to Su Br-n la i'a Cliurch, wiior* a solemn
requiem mass win t>:> celebratel tor the repoie
I her soul, commencing a: 9 o'clock a. m. In-
terment Holy Cron Cemetery.
INGLIS— In the citr ami Countr Hospital,
May 1397, Francis P. Inzlis, aged 64 yean.
IRVINE— In till* citr. Mar 6, Ix 9 7. Jnme« Hob-
ert. Infant son of Janiei an-1 Safari Irvlnp, a na-
tive of Sau Fraucisco, aged 2 yeara 8 monihs and
27 days.
ear Friends and ncqnalnlances are resDect-
fully Invited to attend id- uneral TO-MORKOW
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from the
Home of the pareuts. 118 Mnth street, inter-
ment Cypre.ii Lawn Cemetery, b>* carriage.
JOHNSON-In .bH city. .May 1H97, Carl Blrger
Harold. be>ov**d son of Charles E. and Mathilda
Johnson, a native of Saa Francisco, aged 9
monihs and 28 days.
KIRBY— In LUtowel, County Kerry, Ireland.
May 6. 1897. Patrice Kirby, beloved father of
Rev. William P. Klrby, rector of St. Agii'i
Church. Han Francisco.
j(3"Notioe of service* h«reafter.
| McGH-LF.N— In inlseliy. May 6. 1897. Patrick
McGllien, a native of Ireland, aged 55 yean.
! MAGUIRE-In th s cltv. May 6, 1837. Harr.-. In-
fant son of John V. and .Mamie Magulre, a na-
tive ot »an Francisco.
PUKCKLL— In this city. May 6. 1 597, Kllmbeth
Purcell, mother of John and Michael Purc«-ll
and Mr*. H. Whlcii, n nativa of Ireland, ajeJ He*
ye&r< 1 month a id 19 days.
jSS"No:ice of runeral ier?a'"T. .-.•■-
RAPP— In this city. May 6. 1i97. Geone J., only
and be'ovea son of lieorge nna Tberese Rapp,
and nro'.ber of Therese I., Rapp. a ua.lve of Saa
FrKiicisco uijel Syearsanu 87 days.
SCU.Vfc.ILY— In San . MigueV May 5. 1897. Jo-
seohine, b»loved wife of Joieph .-clinrfily, a na-
tive of New Orleans, aged 67 years,
Notice of t uneral nereafier.
SUTJiR— In this city. Mar 5, iS.)7, Marie, beloved
wife of the late Samuel suter, and motiier of
Hernv, Sophie and Mary Stucr and Mrs. Mil-
dred Quan, a native of Aar:*n. Switzerland. a^eU
70 years fNe»v York aud Brooklyn paper*
please copy. . ■-.:..
tS"Fr\ea<li and acquaintances nre resrec:-
Invited to attend lh« tun'ral TO-MORROW
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from her lata
r.'sluence. ©Oil Mnnt^ouiery avcuuj. iun.Trn.-ut
Masonic Cemetery.
VAHEY — In this city. May 5, 1837 Michael So-
sepn, dearly beloved son of Patrick and Han-
nah Vahey. and brother of John, Thoniai. Pat-
rick, -Mariia and William Vahev, a native or
>:iii FrancUco, aged 20 years 7 months and 6
day* " ; . . ■■.•.:■.." ..;■,..
43**Frlends and acquaintance* ara respect,
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAI'
(Friday), at 9:15 o'clock a. m.. from his late
residence, 1605 Montgomery street, between
(ireeuwich and Lombard. tnenc-» to St. Francis
Church, where a solemn requiem high masi
will be celebrated for the renose of his soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock a. ji. stiarp. Interment
Mouu: Calvary Cemeierjr. • •"
WACKENREUDEK— In this city, Mny 6. 1897,
Tomasa, beloved wife of tiie late Vitus Wacketi-
reuder. anl mother of Mrs. M. Krnuse, Mrs.
Jfiisa Eehnke an i Er.iest and the lute Henry
Wackeureuder, a native of Mexico, aged 67
WALSH-In this city. May 8, 18"7. Annie J.. be-
loved daughter of Patrick and Margaret Walsh,
and sister or Kiltie and James Walsh, a native
of Han Francisco, aged .'3 vearj.
JK3~Friend* and acquaintance* are respecl-
fnllylnvlted to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Saturday), at 8 :30 o'clock a. m., from the resi-
dence or her pareuts, 975 Brya.il a. reet. tusnoe
to St. Joseph's Churofa, where a requiem blgn
mas? will D.- celebrated for the repose of her
soui, commencing at. 9 o'clocic a. m. Interment
Hoi Cross Cemetery. Please omit flower*
W,\TER-i— In mis ci;v. Mar 6. 1 97. Hilda,
youngest d.mgbteror M. L. an i Helene Wa.ew,
and sister of Adele and Lena Waters, a native of
-t. Helena, aor'-d 1 year 11 months and 14 dar%
McAVOY A. CALLACHER,. "" I
I FUNKRAL DIJRKCTORS 4 EMBALM KKS,
- 20 i ift h St., Opp. I-Incolu School.
Telephone south 80.
VOTICE.— THE BUSINKSS OF McAVOY
£*GALLA' H R »tl be conducted At tb«
old 8 and. No. 20 Fifth stn-et. for the tenetlt
of tbe widow of che Inte HKNKY J. GALLAG-
HER and his slsier, MISS ANNIE }'. GaI.LAO-
hkH. HKS. H. J. GAt.LAGHER."
ANNIE B. GALLAGHKR.
E. McAVOY, UNDERTAKER.
•-''"■.--; ! 1235 Market Street.
H. McAVOY. MANAGER.
- Office lelephono South *47. • •
- ; r i *": ; Bcsloence Telephone, Pine 2161.
F.L. GUNTZ. 11. W. OANTNER.
GANTNER & GUNTZ,
Funeral Directors and Embalmers.
Sand 10 CITY HALL MjLAi;!.. :
Telephone South 432. ' , ' -V
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN MATEO COUNTY: NKARKST CEMB.
tery to the city; non-sectarian: in no sense ex*
elusive: location unexcelled, Ofnce \tVi Muut
•ucet, buuuewi totuw ot sixtu.
1314
THE RISE OF
BUDDHISM
IN INDIA
Its History Outlined by
Dharmapala the
Hindoo.
HOW THE MOVEMENT
STARTED.
ladia Once More, Alter 700 Years,
the Holy Land of
Buddhists.
THE PRIEST'S MISSION TO
AMERICA.
Came in tha Cause of Love and Truth
and Brotherhood, ar.d Recog
nizing No Creed.
The following history of the revival of
Budddism in Inaia ha 9 been contributed
by Anagarika H. Dharmapala, the dis
tiuguished Hindoo priest, who was in
this City some months ago:
In tne year IS9I a movement was founded
in the island ol Ceylon under the name of the
Maha-l'odhi Society, "for the resuscitation of
Buddhism in the land of Us birth." As the
chiei representative and general secretary of
thai society I established its headquarters in
Calcutta and commenced to work lor the uni
fication and consolidation of the different
branches of Buddhism in Asia, as well as to
work In harmony with the Aryan nations of
ludin.
In IS'J2 the society had become individual
ized and Budiihists of Ceylon, Burmah. China,
Japan, Tibet, .Siam and Arakan began to look
up to India once more, alter 700 years, as the
holy land of the Bud-mists.
The historian of the Indian empire, Sir W.
W. Banter, in his monumental work, "The
Indian Empire,/' in mentioning the society,
gays that a "revival o; Buddtiism is, I repeat,
one of i he present posxibilties iv India. The
liie and teachings of Buddha are also begin
ninc to exerc se a new influei cc on religious
ihuuehi in Europe and America. As that
teac-niug becomes more accurately known to
the Western world, it will be divested of me
mystical precisions with which Certain o:
us" modern professors have obscured it. Budd
hism will s and forth as ihe < rnbodiment of
tlie eternal verity thai as a man sows he will
reap; associated with the personal duties ef
mastery over 6eit and kindness to all men,
and quickened into a popular relijrion Dy the
example of a noble and beauti'.ul life."
In ISO 3, us the representative of the Ceylon
Buddlusis, accepting the cordial invitation of
I)r. Jonn Henry Bartow.s, I came in Septem
ber, 189:5, to take part in the deliberations of
the parliament of religions.
In 1893 and 1894, hav.ng visited the Budd
hist countries of Japan, China, Siam, Burman,
Ceylon, I returned to India in May and re
sumed work.
From May, 1894, to May, 1896, I was en
gaged in India in a bloodless crusade of
peace, which resulted in rescuing the sacred
site which, like the holy seoulcher to the
Christians, is held in veneration by ali
Buddhists. It is failed the Mihn-Bodhi,
where Prince Siddhartha became Buddha.
For over seven hundred years the place was
held by al ens after the destruction of Budd
hism in India by the Mohammedan con
querors. For fall five years I had to struggle
and toil hard to accomplish the work which I
had pledged my li le for, and haviug suc
ceeded iv laying the found* Hons oi a union
for the consolidation of different Buddhist
nations, and having established a bond of
brotherhood between tlie Budahis;s and the
Aryan people of India, I have come to the
United States to give my services to the people
whom I love and admire.
Emerson, your beloved poet-philosopher,
b.HB said, 'America, thy name is opportunity,"
and your other poet, James Russell Lowell,
has said thai, "Once to every man and nat on
comes the moment to 'ieciiie in the sirile of
truth with falsehood for the good or evil
side." "The New Worid," says Dr. I'aul
Carus. "is like a new dispensation with new
possibilities for a higher, nobler and grander
covenant. What was left uuaone in Benares,
the center of an old civilization, in Jerusalem
a city sacred to three religions, in Rome the
venerable see of the Popes, and in London the
home of modern science. and industry, has
been accomplished by the bo.d spirit of Chi
cago enterprise. A parliament of all the re
llgious of the world has become an actual lact
01 history."
M .- mission to the peop'e of the United,
Slates is one of love, truth and brotherhood. I
recognize no creed, dogma, nor caste; and
weaith to me is not the criterion of man's
greatness. 1 owe allegiance to truth and
righteousness and welcome every man who
leads the unselfish life, to co-operate with me
in the work oi uplifting man from the mire of
■uperstition, ecclesiastical dogmas and ignor
ance.
Tne spirit of Buddha and of Jesus is based
on love. Man, fallen man, is the subject of
their service. To save him they sacrificed
everything. The one for four numberless and
100,600 world periods incarnated life alter life
to become Buddha. Imriug his last earth
life, as Prince SiadharthK, he renounced wife,
child, parents and throne for the sake of suf
fering humanity, and for the purpose of sav
ing the world from the fetter- of priesicrcft,
ceremonialism, theology and faithlessness;
the other died on the cross preaching for
giveness.
Religion to-day consists too much in payinc
"tithe of mint and anise and cummin," and
have "omitted the weightier matters of the
law, j'i Ipment, mercy and laith." (Matt.
XXiU
In the Bible I read:
"B.essed a:e ihey which do hunger and thirst
after righteousness, lor ihey shall be filled."
"He that loveth his life shall lose it; he that
bateth his life In this world shall keep It unto
life eternal."
"A new commandment I give unto you, that
' ye love one another."
"If ihou be perfect, sell all and give to the
poor."
' "Neither do I condemn thee; go and sin no
morf."
••Not every one that saith unto me, Lord,
Lord, sha.i enter the kingdom of Heaven; but
he tliht doeih the will of my Father."
"Tho.se who despise others and exalt them
selves shall be üba^ d."
AH men cannot receive this saying: "There
shall be eunuchs which have made themselves
I'unuchs for ihe kingdom of heaven's sake.
He that is able to receive it, let him receive
i."
"If thou wilt enter the life keep the com
mandments:
"Th'.u shalt not kill.
"Thou shalt not commit adultery.
"Thou shall not steal.
••Thou shalt not bear false witness."
And substantially the same teachings are
found in the Old Testament. I read Id Isaiah
lxvi, "He that kilieth an ox is as If he slew
a man"; and in Exodus xxii:2B, "Thou
shalt not revile !he gods"; and in Habakkuk
11:15, '-Woe unto him that giveth his neighbor
drink, that putteth thy bottle to him and
maki-st him drunken also"; and in Isaiah
vii :15, "Butter and honey shall he eat that he
may kn>w to refuse the evil and cnoose the
go"d"; and in Jeremiah xxviii:9, "The
prophet that prophesieth of peace when the
word 01 the prophet shall come to pass then
shall the proph t be known that the Lord
hath truly sent him"; and in chapter xxxi I
read: "1 will make • new covenant with the
house of Israel, not according to the covenant
I made with their fathers.
•'ln those days they shall say no more, The
fathers have eaten sour grapes and the chil
dren's teeth are set on edge, but every man
shall die for his own iniquity; every man that
eateth the sour grape his teeth shall be set on
ed«*e."
In Isaiah v:22, I read: "Woe unto them
that are mighty to drink wine and men of
strength to miuple strong drink."
And In Daniel i:8, I find the following:
"But Daniel proposed in his heart that he
would not defile himself with th 6 portion of
the king's meat nor with the wine which he
drank.
"Then said Daniel: 'Prove thy servant!, I
beseech thee, ten day?, and let them give us
pulse to eat and water to driuk.' '
Again in Daniel iv:27, the following oc
curs: "Wherefore, O king, let my counsel be
acceptable uuto thee and break off thy sins by
righteousness and thine Iniquities by showing
mercy to the poor.''
Jesus declares: "For with what judgment
ye judge ye shall be judged, and with what
measure ye mete it shall be measured to you
again."
To the multitude he spoke: "Yo are the
light of the world." Elsewhere I read that
'•when he saw the multitude he was moved
with compassion."
'•For whosoever shall do the will of my
Father which is in heaven the same is my
brother and sister and mother."
Tne elements of a universal religion I found
in the verses I iiave quoted, and as they were
in perfect harmony with the teachings of
Buddha 1 decided to give a portion of my ser
vices to Christ, and in the spirit el truth, love
aud brotherhood— basic principles of my re
ligion—l stand here to-day to work with the
followers of Christ in combating the evils of
drink, slaughtering oi animals, and belnsh
ness.
The only universal religion which is the
elder sister of Christianity is Buddhism, which
has existed for twenty-lour centuries in A ia
and which is now being seriously studied by
Western scholais on account of its profound
philosophy.
The founder of this religion is Gautama, the
Buddha, whose beautiful life nas been made
familiar by Edwin Arnold to English readers
in his immortal euic, the "Light of Asia,"
The philosophical side of Buddha's religion
has been clearly shown in the introduction to
"The Gospel of Buddha," by Dr. Paul Caru*,
and H. c. Warren in his "Buddhism iv Trans
lation*" (Harvard University), .has, for the
first lime, translated the original Pail texts to
show the psychology ol Buddhism. Dr. Hop
kins in his "Religions of India" says:
"It was the individual Buddha that capti
vated man; it was the teachiag that emanated
from him that tired enthusiasm ; icwas his posi
tion as an aristocrat that made him accept
able to the aristocracy; his magnetism that
made him the idol of his people. From every
page stands out the strong, attractive person
ality of this teacher and winner of hearts; he
wandered among meu simply and t>erenely,
speaking with majestic sweetness, the master
to each, the friend to aIL His voice was sin
gularly vibrant and eloquent, his very tones
convinced the heareri his looks inspired awe."
Elsewhere he says:
"At least one thing may be learned from
Buddnism. It is possible to be religious with
out being d. vout. True Buddhism is tue only
religion which, discarding ail animism, con
sists in character and wisdom. One must re
nounce all stilish desire and live to build up
a character of which the signs are purity, love
for all, and that courageous wisdom which is
c«lm insight inio truth. The Buddhist worked
out his own salvation without fear or trem
bling. From the pi>int of view of the hl^iier
morality one must confess that Buddhism
offers the b^st parallel to the best of to-day.
On the otiicr baud, Buddhistic altruism ex
ceeds all others."
Pure Christianity, freed irom ecclesiastical
dogmas and personal opinions of the early
church fathers and later reformers, is sub
l:me. My desire is to tell the people that the
help of tue priesthood and commentators is
not necessary to understand Christ's teach
ings, which he preached to the multitudes of
Galilee and Judea. Surely we are not behind
in intelligence and understanding to the
peasants oi Palestine. The pure figure of the
Hon of man has been obscured by the glitter
and tiusel of ecclesiastical ceremonialism.
The money lenders and sellers of doves have
polluted the temple of truth. Religion is not
belief, but life, immortality consists in doing
noble deeds, not in vain repetitions and lip
prayer, and In tho making of proselytes.
Buddhism teaches m»n to accept truth, not
antnoritv. Revelation, priesis, tradition, au
thoriiv are not the criteria of truth. We ac
cept truth because on its own virtue, without
;• ar, prejudice, hatred, and iv a spirit of In
quiry, we are asked to examine truth before
accepting it. Buddha's great mission to the
world is to emancipate the human mind from
the fetters of priestly theology, and to warn
the blind leaders of the blind.
It is a temp. c of truth thnt we want, with
Buddha and Christ as our example*, and I am
extremely desirous of laying the foundations
oi this new movement In the American Maha-
Bodid Society, having truth as the lignt to
guide us. The following are tho objects of the
organization:
(1) To encourage a sympathetic exchange
of thought between Buddhisits and Christians.
(2) To show to man in the most impressive
way important truths taught in common by
various religions.
(3) To promote the love and worship of
truth and deepen the spirit of brotherhood in
the love and service of niau aud compassion to
animals.
(i) To indicate the reasons for man's faith
In immortality and to unite and strengthen
the forces which are averse to a materialistic
philosophy of the universe.
(5^ To show that religion consists not in the
obseivauce of meaningless ceremonials, but
in the real zation of the i.obie, unselfish life
by the practice of mercy, charity, truth, pur
rity, kindness and goodness.
The special work of the movement is to
organize a band of unselfish workers to preach
ihe gospel of love and broihernood and to
elevate the masses in America aud Asia. India
is the fertile soil ior sewing the seed of the re
lig'on of love. Sectarian Christianity as
preached by Eurouean missionaries is a lail
ure. Tne methods hitherto maintained for
spreading Christian dogmatics must be aban
doned. The millions ol money spent in print
ing tracts about nellflre, eternal damua:ion
ar.d eternal heaven may be utilized for a noble
mist ion work iis educating the pool as it is
done in America. The work will be appre
ciated by the people, and the motives being
pure, asymDaihy wiii oe created in the minds
oi the peoj le ior the religion of Christ. The
old methods of reviling the gods and denounc
ing the customs of Hindoos retard ail work.
The Christian missionary, to get the good will
of the people in India and in Buddhist coun
tries, should abstain from eatiiii beei. It is
ouiy the outcasts tnat eat beef aud drink wine
in India, and they are uot admitted within
the precincts of the house of even a Sudra,
not to speak of a Brahman. It is the customs
and diet oi the Christian European which are
looked on with abomination by all classes
of Hindoos. No religious teacher in India
touches i-ither of them. He is the example
of ascetism »nd goes to the extreme of morti
fying the body and the mis-ionary goes to the
opposite extreme ot leading the sensual life of
tne t.picurean. Let the missionary adopt the
mid-i.e life; let him abstain frum liquor and
beef.
The ox and the cow to the Asiatic Aryan are
useful for the sustenance of life. The rice that
l;e eats, the milk that he drinks, the butter
that he uses is obtained through and from the
cow. A spuciai characteristic of the Aryan is
his loya.ty aud gratitude to all. Yadhisthlr,
the great King, it is Mid, had a faithful dog
which he t"ok alonf with him wherever he
went. The God of Heaven Invited him to enter
heaven ; and Yndhis uir wanted that the dog
■bould be aso admitted; but wiien his request
was refused, Yadbistbir for the sakeoi the
dog, it is :-a;d, declined to enter heaven. Tne
Ary.tn appreciates the mail who shows com
passion 10 (anno animals. Tneoxistue com
panion of the god Siva, and the Hindoo* love
the animal for two reasons, for its usefulness
aud for the sake oi their god. It is an un
pardonable crime to kill the ox, and it is un
just to destroy so innocent and useful an
animal. The European has all sorts of other
meats in the shape of mutton, fish, etc., wnich
he couia eat In India, and I therefore advise
that it would be ; weii for the future propagation
even of dogmatic Christianity if the European
would abstain irom beef.
Tne birth of the meek and lowly Jesus in a
stable having an ass and ox for hig compan
ions, sureiy ought to make the Christians
think oi ihe significance of this word. It is
an objective lessoi: for the people to realize
tha; he came to stop -acrifiee and preach com
passion. To th>' Aryan Hindoo, it is an object
lesson to show mercy to our dumb brethren.
In he name <f him trh.o wanted m.-rcy and
not .sacrifice, i uppenl to you to show compac
tion to useful and Innooei t animais.
H. Dhakmapala.
General Secretary Maha-Bo ihi Society.
DISGRACED THE UNIFORM.
Why a Sergeant of the First United
States infitDtry Wsn Disinls*ed
Without 11111101-.
Sergeant James R. Puckett, Company O.
First Infantry, U. S. A., has been dishon
orably discharged from the service of the
United States, with forfeiture of retai ned
pay.
The dismissal was made by the direc
tion of the Assistant Secretary of War, on
the recommendation of the commander of
Sergeant Puckett's company. The ser
geant has quite a record as a sprinter and
was the winner of prizes in recent con
tosts at the Presidio. No court-martial
proceedings were had in his case. He
made a statement of the charges against
him to the officer commanding the com
pany in which he served, and asked to be
•et out of the service. The statements
niadi convinced the commander that
Puckett had not. acted in an honorable
manner, and iherefore dismissal with
honor was not allowed. According to iha
statement given Puckett wrongeu a girl
and did not marry her uutil compelled to
do so. Alter the marriage he reiused to
contribute to the support of his wile, leav
ing to her the burden of c ring for herself
and a baby.
Warren & Malley'g <>aa Engines.
C. A. Warren and Edward Malley have been
sued by W. D. K. Gibson and E. A. McDonaid
for $3097 66 for alleged breach of contract
witn the Atlas Iron Works for the manufacture
and sale of a certain kind of gas engines.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 7, 1897.
ENDEAVORERS IN
MASS CONVENTION
Golden Gate Union Fills
First Congregational
Church.
A "Practce Gathering" in
Anticipation of the Big
Time in July.
The Great Gathering the Sulj ct of
Discussion— The Workers G?t
ting Ready.
The mass-convention of Golden Gate
Union, held last evening at the First Con
gregational Church, was very properly
named, foi it was just that— a mass-con
vention, completely filling the church.
The bhurch was handsomely decorated
with purple and gold, in bunting and
flowers. The galleries were draped and
festoons bung down from the big organ ;
Ibe pulpit and platform were dressed with
palms and yellow poppies, and on one
tide swung the golden banner of the En
deavorers, and between the festoons,
against the pipes of the organ, were the
letters " C. E." in yellow flowers.
The convention was merely a "practice
gatherine," so to speak, to anticipate the
spirit and talk over the plans of the big
July convention. The programme was an
excellent one to the purpose, the "busi
ness" being interspersed with good music
and pointed addresses.
.1. S. Webster had for his subject "The
'97 Convention." He told of some of the
preparations for receiving the "great
army of fresh-laced, strong-spirited and
high-purposed ytumg Christians, who will
invade the City in July."
Great arches are to be erected in the
street testifying welcorje to the visitors,
receptions are to be held in Mechanics'
Pavilion, rather than in Woodward's, and
a concert is to be given them on the even
ing of the 6tb of July, a concert of 1000
voices, the iike of which has never been
heard in this City.
He said that after much labor the rates
have finally been secured and determined
over all the transcontinental roads of a
one-way fare for the round trip from tne
Missouri Kiver, with stop-over privileges
in California and over the northern roads
at points of interest on them.
He called for a demonstration in behalf
of "the creat lever" in securing tnese ad
vantages, and who was present in the
church.
Tne big audience broke into applause
supplemented with the waving of hand
kerchiefs in greeting to — though the name
was not mentioned — Holla V. Watt.
Another call ior applause was made in
behalf of 'lie Southern Pacific Railroad
and its officials, who, he said, hud done
much in this rate, which was
certain 10 attract trainloads and train
loads oi people.
The ca.l was responded to heartily, as
was also another in behalf of the "plain
working members of the committee, of
whom I am one," said the speaker.
Reports were read of the corresponding
secretary, Hetta J. Reynolds; the record
ing secretary, Minnie C Lanquist, and of
the treasurer, Charles M. Whiting. The
recording secretary reported that:
The superintendent of junior work reports
thirty-niue junior and thirteen intermediate
societies, with a inenibershiD of about 1450.
Tbev arc all brim full o! enthusiasm lor
1897 and will b? very actively identified with
our work next July.
The senior societies number fifty-one, with a
membership of 1500. The press commilice
have accomplished all they noped for through
thu Golden Gate Xc-ws, enabling Endeavorers
to keep in touch with each other in all work
pertaining to the convention.
The fellowship committee aims to promote
what its namti implies, and the meetings
throughout all ihe districts nave been ver}'
successfully carried on. * ♦ •
The work of the union is^prcgressing in all
brnnehes and the individual societies are
busy perfecting their plans for the entertain
ment of our guests in July.
The corresponding secretary, in her re
port, referred to the Japanese society
and the three Chinese societies, who
would probably be an interesting object
lesson to the visitors.
The president of the union, Purcell
Rowe, presided at the meeting, and ad
dresses were made by Rev. R. F. Coyle
and Rev. H. M. Hoyt.
A special edition of the Golden Gate
News, the organ of the union, formed the
printed programme, and the ushers wore
the white caps that will distinguish the
reception aids during the convention.
MRS. HOPPER AS A SWIMMER.
People who were taking an afternoon outing at the Sutro Baths yesterday
afternoon were considerably surprised by the entrance of a formidable-looking
giant, accompanied by a dainty little creature at whom the aforesaid j:iant
glanced adoringly Ironi time to time. Th y disappeared into the maze of bath
rooms, but soon they were again esp.e !, this time in the water, whera
the contrast seemed all the greater, and af er much bard staring tuoy
were discovered to bs Mr. and Mr.-. De Wolf Hopper. Little Edna Wnllnco
Hopper proved herself to be a most iible swimmer, taking several high divus
with evident satisfactiou, and she apparently enjoyed every moment she was in
the water. The stars did not stay in long, but the crowd waited around until the
tall actor and his wife once more started back to the City. They created quite
a sensation.
SHOWERS OF EGGS
FOR SOCIALISTS
They Have a Nasty Expe
rience on Grant
Avenue.
Yelks and Shells Bespatter a
Large Gathering of Spec
tators.
Miscreants Br; ak Up a Meeting
Where Political Economy Was
B ing Discus ci.
j.
For the first time in many years in this
City a public meeting was broken up by a
shower of eggs. This disgraceful inci
dent happened last evening at a street
meeting of speakers of the Socialist Labor
parly, who assembled on Graiii;avenu>-,
near the junction of O'Farrell and flJarket
streets. The last time that such a thing
happened was wiien the Salvation Army
first made its appearance in this City.
Those who threw the hen-fruit last
evening were as much of a mystery to the
besmeared crowd as the identity of the
man who struck William Patterson. Had
the egg-throwers been caught their nore
would have been mixed with the broken
shells and yelks that clung to the viclims'
coats and bespattered me sidewalks.
Several weeks ago the socialists renewed
their street meetings and their favorite
places lor gathering have been on Sixth
and Market, Pine and Kearny and Grant
avenue and O'Farrell street. Twice a week
they have held forth in these places discuss
ing their doctrines and their theories upon
matters of political economy. On every
occasion they have gathered large crowds.
L.ast evening fully 400 people assembled
around the socialist speakers, W. Costley,
W« Ediin, A. Appel, and matters went on
swimmingly until a patent medicine ven
der drove up in an open liack He took
up his position on t he opposite side of the
thoroughfare and began h;s usual
harangue.
It happened that the crowd was more
interested in socialism than in the wares
the other had to seil, so he pulled his team
in near to the crowd. This, of course,
caused some feeling on the part of the ;o
ciaiist speakers, who at last took personal
notice of their rival's presence, and a
lively exchange of verbal shots took place
iroiu both sides.
This amused the crowd hugely and oth
ers joined the gathering, until the street
was blocked with people. A po:icemun
strolled up, but passed on along his beat,
as there was no disturbance. A Jew min
utes after he was out of sik?ht a white ob
ject whizzed through the air and landed
upon Socialist Costiey's cheek. It was the
first e^g, and the speaker was besmeared
lrom head to foot.
Some of the crowd laughed and others
hooted and hissed as me unfortunate
Costley gave place to another speaker,
while he went away to ciean off the
debris. A little later another egg went
into the crowd, striking a spectator on he
shoulder and spattering over half a dozen
others near by. Curses became loud and
long.
The fusillade of e^-gs was kept up at in
tervals until over two dozen had found
targets in the crowd, which oegan to thin
out rapidly. Women ta well as men were
the victims and the meeting was obliged
to adjourn without the formality of a mo
tion.
Messengers were sent for the police, but
none could be found. Efforts were made
by the socialists to locate the offenders,
but to no purpose. This much was known,
that all of the eggs were thrown from the
west side of the street, ana not a few were
hurled out of ihe windows of the tali build
ings over the saloon and cigar-stand.
Strange to say, the patent medicine
seller and those immediately surrounding
his vehicle escaped without being in ike
least bespattered, and «fcir the socialists
and their crowd dispersed he continued
his addrtfs unmolested. The socialists
attach much importance to this feature.
They are not discouraged, but will resume
their open-air propaganda work without
considering last evening's egg-throwing
experience.
Ililliii i 'i l i|M'imiu> Omoleite.
Henry Hiliman was convicted oi burglary of
the seeona degree in Judge Dunne's court yes
terdiy. llillmtin broke into a grocery-store
and stole a box of eggs.
NAGLE AGAIN
ASSAILS BARRY
Exciting Episode That Oc
curred on a Street-
Car.
The R9tort Discourteous Ex
changed Between the Two
Men.
Judge Terry's Slayer Cal'ed a Hir^d
Assassin and a S utliern
Pacific Ti.uj.
As the outcome of the "roast" to which
David Naele was submitted some time
aeo in the Star, published by James H.
Barry, there was an exciting scene on a
Devisadero-street car on Tuesday, between
the two men named. This was the second
episode that has resulted from the publi
cation in question.
In each case Nagle was the aggressor,
according to eye-witnesses, and his resent
ment has apparently not moderated,
though the "roast" was applied several
months ago.
On the latest occasion Nagle was on the
car seated on the side of the dummy away
from the sidewalK, when Barry boarded
the car at the corner of Hayes street, on
his way downtown.
According to one who was aboard the
dummy at the time Nagle, on seeing his
old-time enemy, began using abusive lan
guage, directed against him. As soon as
the editor ol the Star comprehended the
situation he shouted to Nagle: "Shut up,
you blackguard; you hired assassin, shut
up."
Nngle arose and in a threatening man
ner approached Barry, who kept his seat
and continued: "You hired Southern
Pacific thug, you have threatened to kill
me; you have killed others. Now kill."
The Southern Pacific employe came a
step or two nearer and said: "Be careful
what you say," adding some vile language
and epithets.
"I will say whatever I please," replied
the journalist, "both by word of mouth
and in public print"
Nagle promptly invited Barry to get
off the car and fight, but the latter an
swered tnat he was not "engaged in tfce
business of fijthting skunks."
Matters subsided until Nagle left the
car at Leavenwortb street. As ho was
about to do so he said something about
Barry not printing anything about him
in bis paper.
To this Barry rejoined : "Whenever such
a creature as you can dictate the policy of
my paper and keep a tine out or put a line
in I ought to be dead."
In the course of the exchange of unpleas
antries Barry took occasion to inform his
adversary that he, Nagle, was a gunfighter
and that he probably thought on account
of hi; reputation that he could kill any
man, and added, "You have killed the
last man you ever will and live."
An attempt was mad*- to find Nagle last
night, but he was not at home. Barry
whs seen at his office late last night and
confirmed in substance the occurrence as
related.
KILLED HERSELF.
Sirs. Mary Dohelaarr Wound Up a Sick
Spell With a Draught uf
Strychnine.
Mrs. Mary Dobelaarr, whose residence
was 40 Twelfth btreet, died at 7 o'clock
yesterday morning from strychnine
uiKiii by herself with the intention of
committing suicide.
Her husband is the owner of the scow
sciiooner Mountain View, and wa3 absent
from the City at the lime the suicide took
place. The woman had leen sick for the
pnst five days and swallowed the poison at
5 o'clock last Wednesday alternoon.
W. H. Miller, who .ives in the same
buikli::i.', saw the women take the drus,
and immediately summoned Dr. Thrasher,
who administered the proper antidotes,
but ihe poison ha a already taken effect
ami the woman died, as before stated.
Coroner Hawkins took charce of the
body and an inque.-t will be held.
KEW TO-DAT.
-, i -TTTHEN they ptrt a
L-^A^ yy man in jail, he
*"SiStfilrflrtrl cannot follow his
US H§f ™ natural inclinations.
-Rn WE |1 1 — ' "* His enjoyment of
feWPf tI fe s limited. He
.PfrgjflAT" ' cannot eat what he
*ttBM fig*, wants to — he is lim-
M^BHj j£a ■«• ited to a very frugal
_BmSitP \ '' ' '"' ' s a^ ve ' '
■I'vH Xr v SJ c sure > ut li'" c
K. An *7 doesn't possess very
r^U|MLliL^|4^\ many advantages.
It A re not all these
«^— JHmBMBct things equally true
li jJBsyBBr of a dyspeptic? For
•*-^i CBmßjp all of the real enjoy-
■gHpSf tnent he gets out of
R»cM life, he might as well
r n&E£&J *c '" -' a^" c can '
j JS^fc^T not eat what he likes,
-| Ca^*?l nor as much of it as
i. lE^-? he would like. If he
I EJfIEsSL^ transgresses any of
I fwy y^fc^_ the rules of his diet,
E'aj he is punished for it.
11 i| ||o^ H e suffers much,
Cl gets little sympathy.
ftn 9/ Dyspepsia starts
fcgw with indigestion, and
I JW» may lead to almost
\_*4F ' ,^ *" anything. Indiges-
tion means a variety
of thing 3 —it shows itself in many ways.
At first, perhaps a little heaviness in the
stomach, a little sourness, windy belchings
and heartburn. Headaches begin to come
pretty soon after that, and biliousness and
a foul taste in the mouth in the morning.
Chronic constipation is almost inevitable,
and it is probably the most serious trouble
that ever takes hold of a man. Its seeming
simplicity is the thing that makes it most
dangerous, ' because it leads to neglect
Constipation means that the body is hold-
ing poisonous, impure matter that should
be gotten rid of. The poison is being re-
absorbed into the blood and the whole body
is being filled with it. Impurity in the
blood may lead to almost any disease.
There is no telling what may come of it.
Constipation is the start of it all. And yet
people are careless about it. It is the most
serious thing in the world, and the easiest
to cure if you go about it right. Dr. Pierces
Pleasant Pellets cure constipation. Cure
it positively, certainly, infallibly. Cure it
so it stays cured. Cure it so you can stop
taking medicine.
And that is something that no othex
remedy in the world will do.
Wriilf! Mil Veptal)l3 fills
Are acknowlPdged »y thousands o! persons who
hay«» ns-d tliein for over lortv years cure
H tK HKADACHK, OIUDINKBS U.jNSTIP V-
TIO.n, •lorpid Ltvi-r, Weak atjniuch, rimpiesaad
purify the biooii. -'■■
Grossman's SDecilic Mixtard
~ Wllh tbls remedy person* can cure themselves
without the least exposure, change of diet, or
cbange in application to business. The medicine
contains nothing that Is of the least injury to (he
constitution. Ask your drussUt tor iv - filce, 91
a bottie.
KEW TO-DAT— GOODS.
FOR TO-DAY'S TRADE!
" '■■,('%,
Although all our this week's offerings are bargains as the
result of the TREMENDOUS CUTS IN PRICES quoted for our
GREAT UNLOADING SALE OF OVERSTOCK, our rule of offering
extra inducements to our "Bargain-day" patrons impels us to
to-day make the following
SPECIALLY HEAVY REDUCTIONS! .
COLORED DRESS GOODS!
-f -105 pieces 40- INCH ALL-WOOL FANCY SCOTCH CHECKED SUITING, '
J-tlu new colorings, regular price 4uc, on special sale at 15c a yard.
OXp— 9l pieces 40-INCH FIGURED ETAMINE SUITING, medium shades, regu-
6dO{j i ar price 50c, on special sale at 25c a yard.
OXp— 72 pieces 36-INCH ALL-WOOL OXFORD CHECKS, value for 50c, on special
_ O\j Ea i e a 25c a yard.
QXp— 57 pieces 52-INCH FINE ALL-WOOL CHECKED DRESS GOODS, fineTalue
O'iKj or 75 on special sale at 35c a yard.
X Ap- 41 pieces 44-INCH SILK- AND- vVOOL FRENCH NOVELTY STRIPED SUIT-
O\J\j ING, regular price $1 25, on special sale at 50c a yard.
LADIES' HANDKERCHIEFS!
K«- 300 dozen LADIES' WHITE SCALLOPED EMBROIDERED SHEER LAWN
OKj HANDKERCHIEFS (slightly imperfect), regular price $1 20 per dozen, on sale
at 5c each. "■". .":'...;■
lAp-200 dozen LADIES' WHITE SCALLOPED EMBROIDERED SHEER
iUI/ LAWN HANDKERCHIEFS (slightly imperfect), regular price $2 40 per
aozen, on sale at 10c each.
1 n — 150 dozen LADIES' WHITE SCALLOPED EMBROIDERED SHEER
±'Jlj LAWN HANDKERCHIEFS (slightly imperfect), regular price $3 per dozen,
on sale at 15c each.
9X/»— 100 dozen LADIES' WHITE SCALLOPED EMBROIDERED SHEER LAWN
U'J\j HANDKERCHIEFS (slightly imperfect), regular value $tj per dozen, on sale
at 25c each.
LACES! LACES! LACES
1 Kp— BUTTER AND IVORY ORIENTAL GUIPURE LACE, 5 to 8 inches wide,
i-*tyj regular price 25c, reduced to 15c a yard.
OXp-BATISTE LACE INSERTION, linen shade, regular price 40c, 45c and 5Dc,
m.O\j reduced to 25c a yard.
9X/»— CREAM CHANTILLY AND APPLIQUE LACE, 4to 6 inches wide, regular
6mO\j price 45c, reduced to 25c a yard.
9/i 3c, 4c and 5c per yard— VALENCIENNES LACE, in a large variety of
£t/j patterns, special at 20c, 23c, 39c, 40c, 50c and 60c a dozen.
I LADIES' WAISTS! '
OXp— LADIES' FIGURED AND STRIPED WAISTS, detachable collars, regular
£'J\j price 50c and 60e, will bo closed out at 25c each.
Q- p-LADIES" FANCY FIGURED AND STRIPED WAISTS, in all shades, reg-
Ou\j ular price 75c and $1, will De closed out at 33c each.
LADIES' LAUNDERED SHIRT WAISTS, detachable collars, regular price
I O\j $1 25, will be closed out at 75c eacn.
CHILDREN'S CAPS!
-CHILDREN'S LAWN AND SILK CAPS, slightly soiled, will be closed oat
£O\j at 23c each. Rk£s
LADIES' UNDERWEAR!
50doz«n LADIES' WOOL VESTS, not pink and white, former price 75c, will
OXJLi be offered at 50c each.
7Kp— 7s dozen LADIES' NATURAL WOOL VESTS AND DRAWERS, worth $1,
! I O\j win be offered at 75c each.
CORSETS j^ CORSETS!
7*^—loo dozen LADIES' BLACK SATEEN CORSETS, latest French model, for-
i *j\j nier price $1, will be closed out at 75c each.
LADIES' AND CHILDREN'S HOSIERY!
f _100 dozen LADIES' FAST BLACK OTTON HOSE, Hermsdorf dye, former
ID Li price 25c, will be offered at 15c a pair.
-« -75 dozen BOYS' HEAVY BICYCLE OR BCHOOL HOSE, suitable for hard
X'J\j wear and rou^h usage, will be offered at 15c a pair.
2\ — 100 dozen LADIES' OX-BLOOD, TAN AND BRONZE COTTON HOSE
'){j double soles and heels, worth $4 a dozen, will be sold at 25c a pair. *
OK«— 100 dozen MISSES' FAST BLACK COTTON HOSE, all sizes, Hernndorf dye
<LDL> good value ior H v dozen, will be offered at 25c a pair. ,
MEN'S FURNISHINGS!
p;^— MEN'S WHITE HEMSTITCHED HANDKERCHIEFS, extra large size, marked
*j\j down from $1 20 a dozen to 5c each.
9^«— MEN'S AND BOYS' TENNIS FLANNEL AND MADRAS OVERSHIRTS
£t)\j made with yofced backs and j.e iri buttons, marked down from 50c to 25c each
4~p— MEN'S FANCY TRIMMED NIGHTSHIRTS, made extra large of heavy mus-
'i\J lin and trimmed with "Cash's" fa«t coior trimming!*, marked down to4sceach.
2\p— BOYS' FAUNTLEROY BLOUSES, with raffled collar*, cults and fronts, in a
'J\j variety of new patterns, marked do*vn from 500 to 25c each.
£fi/»- MEN>S UNDYED WOOLEN UNDEKSIIIRTS AND DRAWERS marked
O\)\j down lrom 85c to 50c each.
CLOAK DEPARTMENT!
<SM LADIES ' BLACK CAPES, in Velvets, BUk and Crepon cloths, fancy lin-
♦pi.Ul/ ing an <» trimmed with lace and jet or taffeta rucbine, re-ular price $5; Sale
price $1 50.
<3M 4.X-LADIES' BLACK FIGURED MOHAIR DRESS SKIRTS, full width,
tjpi.t'j percahne lined, regular price $2 75; Saie price $143.
%9 Qn- LADI M S> TAN KERSEY FLY-FRONT JACKETS, lined throughout
$&.UV witanlk, regular price $4 50; S ile price $2 95. i-"-»j*
SI 25~h HI i LDIIK^' S IPIR ? JACKETS, plain colors, trimmed with fancy
«J> J .— »J braid, sizes 6to 12. reg;;lar price $2; Sale price $1 25.
■
I Ml W MURPHY BUILDING, /
\/[/ Mariet Street, Corner of Jones; /
Saoa Franoisoo. i *