I
VOLUME LXXXI.-XO. 159.
YET REFUSES
TO EVACUATE
CRETE ISLAND
Greece Prefers to Fight It
Out Rather Than Be I
Humbled.
POWERS GLORY IN THE DEFEAT
OF HELLENES.
Secure in the Protection of the
European "Concert," the Turks Are
Committing Shocking Mas
sacres in Epirus.
LONDON, Exg., May 7.— The Athens
correspondent ot tne Daily News describes
the situation as critical, owing to the ati-
vance of the enemy and delay of the
powers in intervening. Rumors persist
that a crisis in the Ministry is impending,
owing to the divergence between it and
the King. The Cabinet advocates an en
ergetic continuance of the struggle, while
the King desires to avoid further blood
shed.
The correspondent adds that a diplo
matist informed him to-day that nothing
had been agreed upon by the powers,
although intervention is in the air. The
member of another legation said Greece
must be thoroughly humbled in the dust
to teach her not to meddle in Eastern
affairs again. His Government, he added,
would view with equanimity a Turkish
advance on Athens.
The German Minister the other day
ostentatiously v:sited a few wounded
Turkish prisoners in Athens. He has not
even sent a porter to see hundreds of
wounded Greeks in the hospitals. It :s
certain the powers art undoubtedly ex
ulting at the Greek discomfiture, says the
correspondent.
The critical point at the situation is
reached, and it is now time to negotiate
peace, is the attitude of the Sultan. The
best authority on this matter is the
Speaker's Constantinople correspondent,
who in to-morrow's issue says:
"He (the Sultan) has done his work
thoroughly. He wai never so strong as
to-day. Now his policy will be magnani
mous. It has been said that pride of suc
cess would make him insufferable to the
powers. I don't believe it. Their meek
ness and long suffering are inexhaust
able, and he's too wary to trespass
upon them when there is nothing to
gain. He has already intimated his de
sire 10 end the war. Having vindicated
: his honer and destroyed the prestige of
Greece, he says he is distressed by the
was c of life and property, and asks,
'Why not restore the status quo ante bel
lum?' He says he knows this to be the
result of the war, however long it may
last, and so he is ready for peace imme
diately. The Sultan would not have de
clared war if he bad not been pushed by
Germany and the military party here.
He would have accomplished his ends in
another way, but he is merciless in war
against individuals.
"The prisons are filled with Greeks now
THE DUC D'AUMALE, Who Died of Grid Yesterday.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
as they were with Armenians a year ago.
Incalculable misery must result from the
expulsion of a quarter of a million of
Hellenic subjects, as well as ruin to what
is left of the commerce of the country.
Only one contingency may bring the Sul
tan in conflict with Europe. He may find
the military party too strong. This party
is opposed to giving back Thessaly to
Greece. It is believed here, even by some
of those in diplomatic circles, if the Sul
tan insists upon holding Thessaly no
European power will go to war to turn
him out by force, especially if there be a
revolution in Greece."
MASSACRE IN EPIRUS.
Fearful Outrages Said to Have Been
Committed by the Ottoman
Troops.
LONDON, £ng.. May 7.— The corre
spondent of the Times at VeJe3tino sum
ming up the result of the recent fighting
says: '"The Turks seem to have driven
hick the GreeJcs along the line extending
from Pharsala eastward to Alvaii and
turned the flank of the Velestino division
at Cynos; ehaiae, dividing the Greeks into
two masses which retreated to Dhomoko
and Almyro. They will probably rejoin
at Mustaphaßey pass, where the next big
battle should be fought, tboujrh I am semi
officially iniormed a stand will be made at
Dhomoko. The Ta r ks have reached the
outskirts of Volo, which at noon today
it was rumored had alieady fallen. Tnis
report is not confirmed. Anyhow its cap
ture is only a matter of hours, the de
fenses landward being very feeble.
The Times' Athens dispatch says General
Smoien3ki's gallant defense of Velestinois
counteracted by the irritation caused by
abandoning Pharsaios, and is regarded as
wiping out the disgrace of Mati and
Larissa. The corresponaentdeclares that,
contrary to other reports, under the influ
ence of recent defeats the bellicose enthu
siasm of the Greeks has vanished, and the
desire for peace is general. A part of the
brigade of General Smolensk! went by rail
to Volo, where it toofc ship for Almyro.
The Chronicle's Athens dispatch says
Colonel Manos telegraphs from Arta that
the Turks have begun a wholesale massa
cre in the interior of Epirus. All the in
habitants of the village of Kamarina nave
been murdered, with the exception of a
very few who escaped to the mountains.
Women are arriving in Arta from other
places praying for protection, their hus
bands and children having been mur
dered by enraged troops.
Many refugees are mad and unable to
ypeak, while others relate unwritable
horrors. The dispatch adds trie Greek
SAX FRANCISCO, SATURDAY MORNIXG, MAY 8, 1897.
VIEW OF DHOMOKO AND ITS FORTRESS, to Which Prince Constantine's Army Has Retired.
Dhomoko lies about fifteen miles south of Pharsala, in the gap between tiie Khassidiari Mountains on the east and the Paleomonastiro Kange on the west, belong
ing to the great Orthrys Ranee, whose cre-l is nine miles fanber south. Three roads leading south :rom the Thessalian plains unite here, ana joining tne main road
just west of the fortress continue as one over the Orthrys. A strung fortress on the summit of the ridge to the west of the town commands it and all the roads Irom either
direction. The point of view is from a hill to the northwest of the town, near the road to Pharsala. To the left is the Episkopi, or Bishop's house, and the principal
church. A little larther to the west are remains of an old wall and buildings antedating the Roman occupation, second century B. C. Dhomoko wa3 formerly called
Thaumakoi, or Wonder City, from its beautiful situation.
losses at Velestino Thursday are esti
mated to have been 300.
The Morning Post's Larissa dispatch
says the last entrenchments at Velestino
were captured last night and the Turks
are advancing on Volo.
IN PERILOUS POSITION.
Members of the Royal Family In
sulted When They Appear
on the Street.
LONDON, Ess., May ".— The Daily
Mail's Rome corr spondent says private
dispatches from Athens which escaped
the Greek censor give the true details of
the situation in the Greek capral. These
dispatches show the position of the royal
family since the retreat of the Greek army
from Pharsala has become more perilous
than ever. Members of the family rarely
leave the palace, and their portraits have
been withdrawn from all public places.
The Q'leen and Princess are insulted in
the streets when they visit the hospitals.
The palace is watched by revolutionary
agents lejt the family attempt to flee.
The writer ascribes the decision of the
powers to intervene to the dangerous po
sition in whicn the Greek reigning family
is placed.
The Telegraph's Athena correspondent
says be is authorized to state the Cabinet
will not consent under any circumstances
to the evacuation of Crete, or accept arbitra
tion without previous knowledge of the
tsrnis. The correspondent adds that in
any movement toward agreeing to with
draw all the Greuk troops from Crete or
accept the powers as arbitrators of the
war, without knowing what conditions
they will impose as ihe price of peace, the
Ministers could not keep office a day.
The result would be a revolution. The
correspondent learns all the powers are
willing to intervene without preliminary
conditions except Germany, which de
mands the evacuation of Crete first.
GREEK SHIPS BOMBARD.
But the Shells Seem to Have Had
No Effect on the Turkish
Camps at Cassandra.
ATHENS, Greece, May 7.— The Greek
fleet bombarded the Turkish camps at
Cassandra on the peninsula of that name
at the entrance to the Gulf of Salonica
yesterday, but the shells from the war
ships had no effect. The fleet made no
attempt to land men. The Government
has notified the diplomatists that the
Greek naval squadrons are blockading ef
fectively the Gulf of Salonica and the
coast of Epirus.
The British. French and Italian Consuls
at Vo!o have requested their Governments
to instruct warships of those nations now
at Volo to land men to protect the town.
It is stated positively that if the powers
insist on the evacuation of Crete as a con
dition of mediation Greece will reply she
prefers a war of extermination.
A dispatch from Canea says that yester
day Colonel Vassos, commanding the
Greek troops In Crete, made a request oi
the foreign admirals that the blockade be
relaxed sufficiently to enable him to em
bark his troops safely — in other words that
an opening be provided lor their exit.
The request was refused by the admirals,
who would only allow Vaaeos to purchase
food for the men.
FAREWELL DINNER TO BAYARD.
The Ex-Embasacdor to St. James Makes
a Sort ot Apoiogy lor His
Official Conduct.
LONDON. Eng., May 7.— Three hun
dred and fifty guests attended the farewell
dinner give to ex-Em bassador Bayard to
niuht in the great hall of the Ho. el Cecil,
under the auspices of the American So
ciety. Riuht Rtv. Mandell Creigliton,
Bishop of London, gracefully toasted iic-
Kinlsy. Chairman Crane toasted Bayard,
and presented to him a gold loving cup,
in the shape of a pumpkin, supported by
four silver eagles, surmounted by a bust
of Bayard and flanked by figures repre
senting Columbia and Britannia.
Bayard made a long, rambling response,
which was the most pro-American speech
he hfsevtr made in England. Without
its being an actual apology for his con
duct curing his term of office, he made
allusions in such a manner that it ap
peared to be an apology. He recalled the
Venezuelan affair, saying that he had the
courage to tell the truth, because there
was no just cause for a quarrel between
England and America, adding: ''I tried
to stand here for the honor and in the in
terest of my own country first."
Barm Russall of Killoween, Lord Chief
Justice of England, toasted £mbassador
Hay, who responded in a stilted, formal
speech, strictly confined to personal praise
01 Bayard.
The speech-making was interspersed
with music and singing. Bayard and nis
family sail for New York to-raorrow.
BORROWING MONEY
TO PAY SOLDIERS
Spain Carrying On the
Cuban War Under
Difficulties.
Another Big Loan That May
Wreck the Government's
Chief Prop.
In Spain the I nd lunation Against
Weyier for His Lying Reports
Is Increasing.
HAVANA, Opa May 7.— The Spanish
Government wili oorrow $1/0,000,000 from
the Bank of Spain in order to continue the
payment of Spanish troops in Cuba. For
a third time in less than six months for
eign bankers have refused to lend that
amount to Spain. The financial agents of
Castellanos, Minister of the Colonies, had
written him from Paris and London that
it was useless to depend on credit abroad
any longer, as foreign markets will be
closed to Spain until the war in Cuba is
over, and that no kind of Spanish security
would satisfy money-lenders. The $<>0,
--000.000 which tbe Bank of Spain will give
is the bank's paper. The bank by special
permission from the Government will in
crease its issue, as it did in all previous
cases, although the loan of this class made
in March caused a general protest in finan
cial circles. Tne general opinion is that
the bank will be driven by the Govern
ment to bankruptcy.
Madrid dispatcties say great indigna
tion prevails against Weyler principally
among Liberals and Conservatives of the
group led by Don Francisco Silvela. They
openly declare that Weyler has deceived
Canovas with a view to retaining the office
of captain-genera!. Silvela has said that
this state of affairs is proof of the decad
ance of Senor Canovas, adding, "The man
who ten years ago had so strong mental
powers is now made a fool of."
Silvela also considers Wejler's falsehood
in reporting pacifications which do not
exist has brought it to the pass where no
self-respecting general would like to re
place Weyler, taking on his shoulders the
responsibility of continuing a war which
his predecessor had declared ended. Wey
ler would always say he left the island
pacified and the war was renewed after
his (it par uru.
Santos Quseman, representing the un
compromising Spaniards of Havana, has
declared, after long conference with
Canovas, that he could not give his ap
proval of introduction of reforms now.
Marquis of Vega de Armijo, an influential
Liberal and ex-Minister, snys it is neces
sary to offer strong opposition to the Gov
ernment on the Cuban question. Finally
Bagasta, chief of the Liberal party, de
clares that reforms, if offered at all, must
be offered sincerely. To deceive the
Cubans, he said, will do untold harm.
The war is £Oing on here with an average
of sixty engagements a day in all the six
provinces. An expedition for the Cubans
has lauded in the province of Havana.
JUISSIOX O/-' CALHOUX.
Will Act an Adriner to Lee in Inveitigat
ing the huiz Ca.ie.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 7.— J. Cal
houn, who has bean selected by the Presi
dent as legal adviser to Consnl-Oeneral
Lee in the case of Dr. Ruiz, the American
dentist, alleged to have been murdered in
a Spanish prison, will leave Washington
to-morrow night for Tampa. He will sail
from there for Havana Sunday night or
Monday morning, arriving at Havana a
few hours later.
Calhoun spent part of the day at the
Slate Department reading ihe correspond
ence between Lee and the department on
the Rmz case. Later he called on the
President and had a long talk on the same
subject. To-morrow morning Mr. Cal
houn will receive final direction?. An er
roneous impression has been circulated
that Calhoun will personally investigate
ihe Ruiz case. The investigation will be
conducted by Lee and a Spanish official.
Calhoun does not expect to go ontside Ha
vana. He will probably be away three
weeks or a month.
Secured btj Iluntington.
COAIZACOALCOS, Mexico, May 7.—
It is reported that Pearson & Sons, Eng
lish harbor contractors, have transferred
their lease or the Tehuantepec Isthmus
Railroad to C. P. Huntington for the
Southern Pacific Company, and that line
w.ll be operated in connection with the
Pacific Steamship line. The road is owned
by the Mexican Government
FEARFUL CRIMES OF A FARMHAND.
Shoots Down Four People Who Befriended
Him and Then Robs the
H use.
MILWAUKEE. Wis., May 7. — What
may yet prove a quadruple murder oc
curred at the farm of Alexander Harris,
five miles south of Waukesha, early this
morning, the victims beintr Harris, his
wife, hired girl and hired man. Tne
crime was committed by a farmhand
named William Poach, who bad been
sheltered by the farmer over night
Harris was killed outright. Mrs. Harris
may recover. Helen Yes bach was fatally
wounded. Nelson M. Holt was probably
fatally wounded.
Pouch arose about 5 o'clock this morn
ing and went to the yard, where Harris
and the hired man were milking the cows.
After pleasantly wishing them good-morn
ing he drew a revolver and shot them.
Then he. walked leisurely to the kitcben,
wher-i he chatted with Mrs. Harris and the
hired girl a few minutes. He said Harris
would not be in for a few minutes and
he would partake of his breaktast at once.
The woman waited upon the murderer
until he conclude 1 his breakfast. Then
Pouch arosa and started toward the door,
but suddenly wheeled around, shot Mrs.
Harrie in the breast, and then fired at the
hired girl. After finishing the bloody
work the murderer robDed thG house,
mounted a bicycle and rode away. A
posse of farmers are in hot pursuit. They
openly avow they will lynch the murderer.
FIENDISH CRIME OF FOOTPADS.
Beat Their Victim Into Insensibility, Rob
Him and P. act H.s Body on an
Electric-Car Track.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., May 7.— Shortly before
midnight last night four footpads held up
Thomas Brady, a landscape gardener, on
the outskirts of the city, robbed him, re
moved bis shoes and hat, battered his bead
with sandbags, laid him across the subur
ban railway tracks, between Garubell place
and Etezeli avenue, and left him to be
around beneath the wheels of an electric
car.
As tbo unconscious man lay on the
tract with one of the footpads bending
over him arranging his shoes and bat
with the purpose of making it appear that
Brady had fallen into a drunken sleep, a
suburban car came thunder ng down the
grade. The highwaymen tted, but too
late to escape the notice of Motorman E.
M. West, who vainly tried to stop the car
before the prostrate man was reached.
Brady was dragged beneath the fender
and frigntfully mutilated. His right arm
was broken and his left thigh cut open
from hip to knee.
Brady is now at the Baptist Sanitarium,
where his death is momentarily expected.
Motorman West gays that he saw two men
on the track rifling Brady's pockets, who
fled at the approach of the car.
STEAMBOAT RUNS THE GAUNTLET.
F.red Upon Continuously by Mississippi
L.veo Guards iir a Distance of
Filly Mites.
NEW ORLEANS, La., May 7.-The
steamboat New South, which reached
Plnquemine to-day, had a perilous trip up
the river. It seems that the vessel aroused
the enmity of the levee guards in going
too near the levee, for she was tired upon
nearly all the way from Convent to
Plaquemine, a distance of fifty mile*. At
Convent nine men with Winchesters fired
a volley, putting two bullets through the
pilot-house, one of them within a couple
of inches of the pilot's head. At several
other points the guards opened fire, and
when the New South reached Plaquemine
the captain and passengers were thor»
ouerhly frightened. Captain Kerwood tied
the boat up, saying he would keep her so
until the high water subside. i, even if she
has to remain idle all summer, rather
than run the gauntlet again. He denies
that the New South violated the levee
laws.
BO It KIEV HIMSELF TO DEATH.
Inventor nation* ' />#-mt«« Battened by
a Hrf'ch-of- J*ronii*e> Xuit.
BOSTON. Mass , May 7.— Jeremiah M.
Watson, the wealthy inventor, died at his
Back Bay home this afternoon. Tan days
aeo a verdict was given against him in a
sensational breach-of-promise case, bis
housekeeper, a pretty widow, being the
plaintiff, and hi* physician says that his
demise was caused principally by worry
over the disgrace brought on his name by
the case.
GRANT MEMORIAL TREE.
Li Hung Chang Shows His H.gh Regard
for the Dead Soldier in a Most
Appropriate Manner.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 7.— On the
southwest comer of the old site of Grant's
tomb, within 100 feet of the present monu
ment, a tree was planted to-day by Yang
Yu, ex-Minister from China, as a tribute
from Li Hung Chans to General Grant,
Yang Yu personally representing the
Viceroy at the planting ceremonies. TLe
high regard which Li Hung Chang enter
tained for Grant has been manifested on
numerous occasions, and when in New
York last summer he expressed the desire
of indicating nis esteem in a permanent
manner. It was suggested to have a tree
planted on the site of the old tomb, and
the Viceroy was greatly pleased with the
idea.
Nothing more was aaid about the mat
ter until Yang Yu was instructed by Li to
attend to the matter before bis departure
lor Europe. This instruction was re
ceived several days ago, and Yang "Vu's
private secretary immediately communi
cated with the Park Commissioners, ask
ing them to furnish a tree. Ou Thursday
a small ginkgs biloba tree, found both in
Japan and China, w«s selected.
The tree planted to-day is nearly seven
feet high. Yang Yu read a few lines from
a Chinese manuscript and tlirew a shovel
ful of clay upon the roois of the tree. His
secretary famished the following literal
translation of Yang's words:
This tree was planted at the side ol the
tomb of General Grant, ex-President of the
United Stales, for the purpose of commemora
ting him, by Li Hung Chansr, Guardian Prince,
Grand Secretary of State and Earl of the First
Order.
The original, in Chinese and its trans
lation, will be cut on marble near the
tomb.
RUSSELL SAGE EXPLAINS.
Denies That He Has Ever Had km
Surious Friction With George
Gould.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 7.- Russell
Sage said to-day in regard to his reported
friction with Gould:
"The story is written for sensation. My
relation* with Gould are not unfriendly
or strained and have not been so. I see
him every day when in the city and dis
cuss with him the affairs of the companies
in which we have common interests. I
regret the circulation of such rumors be
cause they are calculated to do great
harm. What 1 regret most is the possible
eftect ou holders of the Pacific securities.
I did about a year ago ask Gould to ap
point a committee to examine transactions
involving the construction of the Louisi
ana line. Gould has not appointed the
committee yet, but promised he would.
The Missouri Pacific isdoing well. Treas
urer Calef told me only yesterday that
our finances are in better shape than they
have been for four years. I have $1,000,000
of the company's bonds in a safe deposit
vault and never touch them except to cut
off coupons as they come due."
George Gould went to his country place
in the Catskills Wednesday. He will not
return until next week.
CATHEDRAL OF NOTRE DAME, PARIS, Whers Funeral Ser
vices in Memory of tie EeacJ W 1 Tak: Flace TtOay.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
BURIAL OF
MANY FIRE
VIC TI MS
Twenty Funerals Held
Amid the Scenes of
Mourning.
SORROW PREVAILS IN
PARIS.
Sudden Death of the Due
d'Aumale Due to Shock
ing News.
EXPIRED SOON AFTER READING
CF A RELATIVi'3 FATE.
Two Prominent Residents of Penn
sylvania Supposed to Have
Perished In the Flames.
PARIS, Fkakce, May 7.— Paris has re
covered somewhat iroru the shock of the
great disaster, but 13 now in mourning.
Twenty of the victims of the fire were
buried to-day. The churche3 in which
the services were held and the streeta
along which the funeral passed were
densely crowded with people, all of whom
displayed the deepest sympathy. NeTer
since the funeral of President Carnot has
there been such an appearance of general
sorrow in the city.
The ruins of the charity bazaar have
been so thoroughly explored that there
is little chance of the di-covcry of more
bodies. Of those recovered but few now
remain to be identified and it is probable
that some of the bodies may never be rec
ognized, as there are always in Paris peo
ple from all parts of the world who would
perhaps not be missel for months.
An investigation will be made a3 to the
cause of the terrible loss of life, with the
intention of fixing the responsibility if
possible. It is now believed that the fire
rva- started by the explosion of a lamp
used to illuminate the kiueniatogiaph.
In the debris to-day the police are re
ported to have found a purse marked,
I "H. L. C. K. S., New YorK," with a frag
ment of a burnt skirt, to which was at
tached a belt and pocket. In the side
pocket were a purse, gloves, nickel key,
: red powder-box marked "Perry, London,**
a small medicineca-e containing pas*
titles, and two pocket handkerchiefs with
j red borders.
In the presence of the Russian and
! German Embassadors the Comtesse de
; Hunolstain, sister-in-law of the Duchess
d'Uzes, was buried to-day from the
Church of St. Clotilde. Delegations from
many charities supported by the Comtessa
! followed the coffin.
Enibassad'or Eustis, who had previously
written to M. Kanotaux, Minister of
Foreign Affairs, expressing condolence for
the families of the victims of the fire,
called personally upon the Minister this
afternoon and reueated the expressions ol
profound sympathy.
President Faure has received a dispatch
from the Czar, expressing sincere Byra
pathy witn the families of the victims and
staling Kussia is profoundly moved by the
catastrophe.
Due d'Aumale expired at 2 a. k. to-day
in a villa at Zucco, Sicily, of cardiac apo
plexy. The shock upon learning of the
charity bazaar disaster, in which the
Duchess d'Alencon perished, is supposed
to have caused the seizure. The Duchtsi
was the wife of the Due's nephew, second
son of Prince Louis Phillipe d'Orleans,
Cornte u'Eu. The attack which caused
the Duke's death lasted only a few mo
ments, and he expired without suffering.
Princess Clementine of Orleans, wife of
Prince Augusta of Saxe-Coburg and
Gotiia and sister of Due d'Aumale, at
whose villa at Zucco he nad been staying,
is very ill. The Princess is 80 years old
and the shock caused by the sudden death
of her brother may prove fatal.
Upon bearing of the death of Dnc2
■
d'Aumale President Faure sent an aid-de
camp to inscribe his name at the residence |
of the iate Due d'Aumale and Due d'Alen- j
con.
The Dufce's body will be embalmed and
taken to the Dreux royal mausoleum of
the house of Orleans and interred in the
tomb of his wife, thus following the re
mains of the Duchevs d'Alencon within
a comparatively short time.
Henry Kugene Philippe Louis D'Orleans,
Duke d'Aumale, the fourth son of Louis
Philii p\ King of France from 1830 to 1848,
was born at Pans January 16, 1822. He
distinguished himself as a student, espe
cially in the school of history, and won
the honors of liis class in the Lyceum
Henry IV. He entered the army at the
age otlb, and saw his first real service as
lieutenant in Algiers in 1840, where he
served with distinction in the operations
against Abd-el-Kader until 1847. gaining
promotion to a generalship. In 1847 lie
was appointed Governor-General of Al
giers, in which office he remained until
the revolution in Paris in 1848 lost the
throne to his father.
It was at this time that he gave sucb a
proof of nis patriotism as to win the
respect and love of the people of Franco
which he ever afterward retained. Being
urued by bis friends to employ the large
force at his command against the revolu
tionists and reseat his father he replied:
"France has willed that the Orleans dy
ua*tv should be dethroned. I shall never
seek to trample upon the national will.
Asa Frenchman and an officer to that will
I bow." He tendered his resignation to
the new Government and retired to the
magnificent ancestral seat of the Condes
at Chantilly, near Paris, where he devoted
ininseli to his books and his horses, win
nine ;aine in both these rather ancaconis
tic lines. The horses of his fine stud,
whose stables, hundreds of years old, ara
famous for their size and style of archi
tecture, wop. many prizes at the Chanlilly
and other racing events.
As a student of history he was one of tho
foremost men of his day. In 1887 he pub-
HsUed a work entitled "Institutions Mili
taires de La France" and in 1869 the "Hls
toires dea Princes de Conde." These
works attract-d much attention in Francs
and ether Euro] can countries and in 1871
he received recognition of his merit in
being made a member of the French
Academy, of which be was president for
Borne years prior to his death.
Though never anything of a politician
the Duke was elected a member of the
Assembly in the stirring times of IS7I and
rendered a patriot's service to bft-j country
in her hour of need. At the breaking out
oi the Franco Prussian war he offered his
services to iSmoeror Napoleon, but that
monarch saw fit to decline them. He
was, however, ni::de a general of d. vision
under tiie Republic ia 1.872,
The Duke was a man of line physical
appearar.ee — above the average height,
erect and broad - shouldered. Of late
years his soldierly though pleasant face
has worn rather a sad cast from succes
sive bereavements of his dearly beloved
wife, Princess Caroline, of the Bourbon
S cilies, who died in Decemoer, 1569. and
other members of his family.
The Duke leaves two brothers, Princo
Gaston d'Orieans and the Prince de Join
vilie, and or.c sister, Princess Clementine,
wMow ot Prince Auguste of Saxe-
Coburg Gotha.
Did the Thornes Perish ?
EASTON, Pa., May 7. -Officers of the
Nationr.i Switch and Signal Company,
whose bin work? are located here, are
alarmed 'or the satt-ty uf President Oak
laish Thcrne and Mrs. Thome, who have
teen in Europe some li rue. They were
due at Pari9 Monday and were to have
Visited the charity bazaar. No word has
beea received from tijem since the lire
and their fr.ends fe;tr they might have
been in t.ie ill-fated building.
A- AT Hi AXI O > /-V 18. iS AIR.
J'rofeMnor I.nngl'y Trlln rtf the Progren*
Thnt «rt« lieen Jlnde.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 7.— "1 have
not ttie pleasure of an acquaintance with
Professor Barnard," said Pri»fe3-tor Lang
ley, secretary of tne Smitusonian Institu
t.on, to-day, when asked his opinion of the
merits of the airship successfully launched
at Nashville yesterday, "and," he con
tinued, ''I know nothing of the construc
t-on of the machine he has made. Balloons
have been eiven a cigar shape fifteen or
twenty years, and been navigated in the
air with some -jegreo o! succesi by various
inrentors. There is, so far as I can judi;e
fioni the meager accounts of the machine
and its performance, nothing new or novel
in either. In the ujipsr atmosphere there
never is a calm, and no apparatus or de
vice has yet been invented which will en
able man, with the power he can produce,
to propel a balloon against a very slight
breez-j. If Professor Barnard drove his
machine at the rata of twelve miles an
hour, as reported, it was because the
wind was blowing at that rate and he
went with it."
Professor Lansley spoke of the progress
that has been made in the developments
aerostatics in France, where ten or a
dozen years ago two captains of the
French army produced a balloon which,
on a day of nearly absolute calm, jour
neyed from Mantone five or six miles and
returned.
"The success of that machine," said :
Langley, "was largeiy due to the exceed- I
in?; lightnes* of the storage-battery which
furnished the power. Sine© then better
t. ings have been produced. It is believed \
the French Government has in its posses
sion a balloon apparatus wnich will do
much more than the invention of the two j
captains years ago. It is closely guarded
by the inventors, ana none outside of tne
workmen know anything of the principles
en which it is constructed. These balloon j
machines are radically different from the ;
aerodrome, which is proDelled through I
the air without a sustaining power of its
own. This form of navigation of the air
has been successfully accomplished only
in one instance — that was the one I have
made here."
"How far have you driven that?"
"I have been limited by the fact of its
not being large enoueh to sustain the
weight of a man. I haven't permitted it
to get beyond control and range off into
the wilderness. Although it is nearly a
thousand times as heavy as the atmos
phere successful flights from half to
three-quarters of a mile have been made.
That being possible, there ia no reason
why larger ones cannot be sustained."
PAIMASTJtU. CO H WIRE'S FALL.
3 he JVarat Officer I'ittnitted and tien
tenerU to lmprltonment.
WASHINGTON. D. C., May 7.— Naval
Paymaster Corwine, who pleaded guilty
before a court-martial of embezzle
ment, desertion, scandalous conduct and
making a false report, was sentenced to
dismissal and imprisonment. The sen
tence calls for a year in the naval prison
at Boston.
Mrs. Corwine, his wife, was at the Navy
Department to-day in the interest of her
cusband. Efforts are be ng mad* by
frienas to secure a mitigation of the pun
ishment.
riHB I.\SVRa*iCE MUM MEET.
Second Annual Convention of the An
tional ■ sxi n itmti.
ST. LOUIS, Mo,, May 7.— The main
banqueting-hall of the Planters' Holel was
crowded this morning at the opening of
the f-econd annual convention <>( the Na
tional Association of Fire Insurance
Agents. All the principal cities of the
THE CRESCENT AND THE CROSS— A Mussulman Priest at Larissa Calling the
Faithful to Evening Prayer From the Minaret in the Presence of Greek Troops.
[Reproduced from the London Daily Graphic.\
PROTECTION OF
THE SEAL HERDS
Salisbury's Refusal to
Be Followed by New
Tactics.
Ex-Secretary Foster to Enter
Negotiations With Japan
and Russia.
Policy of the Administration Out
lined to the Foreign Relations
Committee.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 7-— Ex-
Secretary of Stale Foster was before the
Senate Committee on Foreign Relations
about an hour to-day. It was the first
full meeting of the committee for some
months. The new members— Foraker
and Clarke — were present. The subject
discussed was the necessity of providing;
additional safeguards for the protection of
the seal nerds in Bering Sea.
It has been demonstrated by experience
that tue regulations established by the
Paris tribunal, including the sixty-mile
limit, are insufficient to accomplish the
purposes desired. Pelagic sealing outside
the prescribed limit is sufficiently dis
astrous to speedily wipe cut the remain
ing seals. To prevent this Foster was
selected by President McKinley and Sec
retary Gage to negotiate with Great
Bri am a modification of the modus vi
vendi, which does not expire until the
close of the sealing season of 1898.
Salisbury's refu-al to enter upon the ne
■ gotiations has just been received, and at
the meeting to-day Foster explained to
the committee that it was the purpose of
the administration to endeavor to induce
Russia and Japan to aid the United States
,to preserve the seals. The whole situa
tion was canvassed thoroughly, the Sena
tors evincing a general interest in the
matter.
Pursuant of this announced purpose of
the administration .Foster will sail from
New York May 19. Ha will proceed to St.
Petersburg, where it is hoped he will be
able to effect an arrangement with the
Russian Government by which unre
stricted sealing on the Pacific Coast can
be prohibited and a closed season secured.
Similar negotiations, it is said, will be
conducted with the Japanese Minister at
Washington to cover the waters adjacent
to that country. The administration does
not believe the British Government will
maintain its refusal to further consider
the matter at the instance of the United
Stats, and if the arrangements suggested
shall be perfected it is thought that Salis
bury's Cabinet will be inclined to modify
the position it has assumed.
At the meeting of the committee to-day
the vote upon the arbitration treaty was
diicussed in connection with the seal
question and the opinion expressed that
the voies necessary to defeat its ratifica
tion were secured at the very last, after
the action of tne British Cabinet upon the
request of the United States for a con
ference upon the seal question became
known.
DEFECTS OF THE PORTER.
Expert? Find Numerous Flaws in the New
Torpedo ' Boat, the Swiftest Vessel
in the Nary.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 7.— The
torpedo-boat Porter, the fleetest vessel of
the navy, has been found defective by the
examining boara in several important
particulars. No fault has been discovered
in her speeding abilities, for she has
shown hereeif to be the fastest craft of her
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 8, 1597.
country from New Orleans to New \ork
were represented.
An address of welcome was delivered on
benalfof the municipal authorities, and
response was made by Mtlo E. Lawrence
of Kansas City, rirst vice-president of the
National association.
The remainder of the morning session
and that of the afternoon was given up to
hearing reports from clttcers.
kind ailoat. Jler contract price was
$144,000, but b he has cost so far $165,200.
binca the construction of the new navy
was begun lha rule has been to build ves
sels on the department's plans, but in
building the Porter the Herreschoffs were
eiven authority to build from their own
design. Figures* at the department show
that for extra work on the engines an i
boilers of the Porter to make her fulfill
requirements the Herreshoft's have been
paid $'21,20'J, and experts it is extra
crMnary that contractors for a vessel
which was presumably designed to
develop certain j-peed and power siiould
be pai ! so lar^e a sum in excess of the
contract price.
The ra ost serious defect in the vessel is
that her bow is much higher out of water,
and her stern correspondingly lower than
they should be. Her departure from the
trim line is about three feet, when It
should not be more than three inches.
One result of the defect will be to prevent
the vessel from entering some of the
shallow waters in tlie rivers. Another
defect is that she is not galvanized in
side. Her hull is construe led pi thin steel
plates, and the action of the interior water
down in the bilges is apt to *ust holes
through plates. While the Porter was
undergoing construction miscalculations
were discovered, making it necessary to
lengthen her live leet.
SHARP REPLY TO SELFRIDGE.
' The Rear-Adm ral Ordered to Remain at
His Post Instead of Going to the
Queen's Jubilee.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 7.—Rear
i Admiral Seifridge, commanding the
! European stiition, wants to represent the
| navy at the Queen's jubilee ceremonies in
i June, and believes the Navy Department
is invadi!i!» his privileges as a commander
of the European fleet when it assigns
Admiral Miller and another ship to this
! duty. Seifridge took his squadron up the
Baltic and with his big staff went across
Russia to Moscow, where he attended the
crowning of the Czar, and now he wants
to perform the same duty for the navy
'■ when the Queen celebiates her diamond
I jubilee. He has protested to Washington
i against Admiral Miller's detail, and h:is
! been sent a sharp lettor from the Secretary
; in which he is informed that the situation
I in the far East 19 too perilous to warrant
I his withdrawal for service elsewhere. H«
I is also told that he will remain where he
is until affairs assume a more tranquil
state, and that under no circumstances
will he be ordered to London in June.
One reason that the Brooklyn was sent
j over was to uvoid the withdrawal of any
' ships attached to the Mediterranean fleet
for jubilee service.
Alt \EJPIItHItIIC UJb' FllthS.
Several lArr» Lout in n Serin of lilt
n*ler» at -V«-t«> lork City.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 7.— Tnere was
a reguiar epideiuic ot fires in this city last
night, and in several of them loss of life
occurred. One of the first was in a cold
storage warehouse on Chambers street.
Three firemen who had carried a hose
into the building were unable to get out
for considerable time and were nearly
frozen to death. They had to be carried
oui. and were removed to a hoapilal. One
of them will prooably die.
In a fire on Essex street, that destroyed
a housp, one man was burned to death.
Everything indicated thai the fire was of
incendiary origin and that the man who
perished was the one who started the tire.
On Fifty-third street a tenement house
was destroyed. The inmates were aroused
in time and succeeded in escaping, with
the exception oi a woman and her two
children, who lived in the upper part of
the building and who were fatally burned.
Olnmv 1* Jiatlroad Dirrdor.
NEW YORK, N. Y. May 7.—Ex-Secre
tary of State Olney has been elected a
director of the St. Louis and Sac Fran
ci-co Railroad Company in the place of
the late William Hart of Boston, and
Henry K. tocHnrg in piace of Horace
Porter, Embassador to France.
The Libel Law
Is worth reading in News Letter to-day.
MILITARY MEN
ARE EXERCISED
Major-General Wheaton
Retires for Age
To-Day.
General Brooke His Probable
Successor, but There Are
Others.
Plan Suggested by Which Three
Brigadiers May Reach the
Highest Grade.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 7.— The se
lection of a successor to Major-General
Wheaton, who will be retired for age to
morrow, was discussed at the Cabinpt
meeting to-day, but no decision was
reached, although it has already been
agreed by the President and Secretary
Alger that Brigadier-General Brooke shall
be promoted to the highest grade in the
army. New and interesting features have
entered into tlie'~'situntion which may re
sult in other ofiisers attaining unexuected
advancement without interfering in any
way with the aspirations of General
Brooke, but Brooke's friends have become
alarmed and are afraid that his chances
for promotion may be injured.
General Brooke reached Washington to
day in response to a telegram, and has the
advantage of being on the ground to*per
sonaUy superintend his campaign. He
will not go on the retired list until 1902.
Two other brigadier-generals, Forsythe
and Bliss, will be retired before then, thus
spoiling their chances for reaching the
grade of major-general.
Both are anxious to attain the highest
rank, and the suggestion has been made
to the President that if General Forsythe
be appointed to succeed Whcaton he will
retire voluntarily immediately, leaving
the vacancy for General BlUs, who will
also go out of active service on receiving
advancement and leave the field free to
Brooke with rive years of service ahead of
him before his regular and natural relega
tion to the retired list.
That is the plan to which the President
and Cabinet are giving attention. Its
scope, however, is greater than it appears.
Not only will President McKinley have
an opportunity of appointing three major
generals, but three brigadier-generals.
Politics generally enters into the promo
tions of general officers, although the
executive does not always gratify politi
cians.
Merit frequently, if not always, is the
big factor in determining who shall be
honored. However, every candidate who
secures advancement has his political
backers work just as hard in his interest
as they do for some henchman who con
trols a vote, and six vacancies among the
general officers of the army to fill gives the
President the opportunity of paying six
political favors.
The friends of Forsythe are making a
bard fight. Bliss' chances are seemingly
not so good, bat his supporters are not
idle. Some opposition among army
officers to the proposed scheme on the
ground of its fruition may tend to create
criticism of the retired list and ultimately
lead to curtailing or abolishing it.
31 JAT/.V.v HHOBTAGBS.
They J-innlly Cau*e the Arreit of th»
Ini r, r *ity 7ran*ur*r. . ■'■:
. WASHINGTON, D. C, May 7.— Robert
H. Martin, who has been treasurer of Co
lumbia Uniyeirsity for a number of years,
was arrested this afternoon on a charge of
embezzling $20,850 of the institu:ion's
funds. '
Martin was short in his aocounti last
■ 1
March, and a settlement was then effected,
the university receiving about $5000 from
him. Further investigation, however, re
vealed a discrepancy of over $C 0 000.
Learning this, President Whitman and
two trustees united in an affidavit, upon
which a warrant was issued. Martin was
released on bail. He was expelled from
the Calvary Baptist Church when ihe
defalcation was discovered.
VF IXTJEJHIST TO I RE COAST.
KowaUHu May Probably Jit Jndueed to
Stay at Hontr — i fusions.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 7.— Colonel
Kowalsky of San Francisco is !>a d to
stand no chance whatever for appoint
ment to the Bussels consulship. When
President McKinley was told thai
Kowalsky wanted to reside there in order
to educate his daughter, he sa>d :
''That is not a good reuson lor his aD
pointment. Consuls are not appointed
for any such purpose. Besides, there are
coile is in this country plenty good
enough foran American girl."
Pacfic Coast pensions have been issued
as follows:
California: Original— Frederick Fack
ner, Soldiers' home, Los Angeles; John
O. W. Paine, San Die^o; John
Quinlan, Soldiers' Home, Los An
neies; George H. Snyder, Sania Cruz.
Original widows, e\c— Minors of Alexan
der Morgan (Easton, Frances and Rodri
guez), Los Aneele*. Original— Edward
Fickert, Stockton; Thomas Gillmore, Hol
lister: Silveius C. English, Burgess.
Oregon: Oriuiual — Samuel Earhart,
dead, Medford. Original widows, etc. —
Minors of t-'amuel Earhart. Medford.
Washington: Original— William Phelp?,
Port Madison. Restoration and reissue —
Charles O. Jones, Palouse. Original —
James Connell, Walia Walla.
. , ;,. ' ♦
PAIS ITS JbOUHTtI DiriVEAlf.
The Coll a pied National Bank of lltinoi*
Breaks Ail Jireordt.
CHICAGO. 111., May 7— Up to today
two-thirds of the depositors in the sus
pended National Banß of Illinois had
call- d for ana received their checks for
the founh dividend declared by Comp
troller of the Currency Eckels.
It is only four months since the bank
suspended, anl in that time dividends
amounting to (35 per cent havo been paid.
Tnisis a record never previously reached
in winding up the affairs of any collapsed
bank, and supports the contention origin
ally made that if the bank had been given
assistance at tho time ot its trouble the
collapse might have been avoided, and
tiie institution been well on its feet to-day.
With tiie assets still on hand, which
include an entire electric street railway
system, there is no question that the de
positors will eventually receive the full
amount standing on their passbooks,
while in addition enough will remain to
afford the stockholders a dividend prob
"ably n mounting to 50 per cent.
The amount paid out this week by the
receiver was $500,000, and another $100,000
awaits dilatory deposi.ors.
JtUVERT IS JREVHEy.
A Utah Sta'einwn JtaJfcM a Jay of JBitn-
itlf in the Howe.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 7.— Rupert
King of Utah, who is now serving his first
term in Congress, is determined to be a
statesman, riis maiden appearance in
that roll yesterday has made him the sub
ject of riaicule in Washington.
As the House was about to adjourn,
after a motion to that effect had been
made by Din tr ley, lie rushed down the
aisle fraucticaily waving a paper in his
hand.
"For what, purpose does the gentleman
arise," asked the Speaker.
"To introduce a resolution calling for
the annexation o! Hawaii," shouted
K'nc. The Hon«e st? convulsed with
laughter. After the merriment had sub
sided Speaker Reed Informed the ridicu
lous King that tils motion was not in
order.
Kine's resolution would mate about a
columi 1 . of newspaper print, with a long
preamble of "wherea«e."
Conf»rer* Aavr Upon the Jndiau Bill.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May. 7— An
a?rr enient upon the disputed items in the
Indian appropriation bill was readied to
day by the conierees. They have fixed
on a royalty of 7 r > cents per ton upon all
eilsonlte or asr>i;a:.um min<>d upon the
Uncornpnnfjre reservation in Ui&b, which
is to be opened to settlement. A provi
sion is inserted against trusts in ttie oper
ation of the claims". The iease of oil
lands on the Seneca reservation in New
York is confirmed, and- an additional
Judge is given Indian Territory.
Ao Danaer of a i aid on fft* hnerre.
WASHINGTON*, D. C, May 7.— Conrad
Jordan, Assistant Treasurer of the
United State?, called on President Me-
Kinley to-day, in company with Secretary
Gage, and the three discussed the finan
cial situation, in which reference was
made to the gold withdrawals, and the
assurance was given by Jordan that there
shouid be no lear of a raid on the
reserve.
Pages From the Diary of
Captain John W. Moore, dewberry, md.
January 9. March 22. I May 10. October 5.
"Our little "A sore has "The doctor's "How glad I
boy.whohnssuf- broken out on medicine, which am that I ever :
fered for six the under side I have been giv- trie! Hood's
years with lame- of my boy s hip, ing our boy, has . Sarsnparilla for
ness in his hip, and it has dis- not proved of ray boy's hip
continues to charged very any avail. The disease. When
grow worse, al- freely and left an child continued be had finished
tfiough we have opening about to grow worse taking the first
applied many nn inch deep, the and I have stop- bottle he looked
kinds of lini- size of a silver ped giving it to 50 per cent bet-
ments. Tbefam- dollar. He has him, and now he _, Ur. I continued
ily doctor has to be given con- is taking Hood's giving him
decided that the slant attention. arBap arilla. I. Hood's Sar.a-
boy has hip joint tei^ us to'keen pot a bottle frOm P*»»«. and now
disease, and he the sore running. the druggist a he is quite well,
urges us not to A second sore few daVB a * 0 ' - Ho runs and
meddle with the has appeared on and I believe I p:ays with the
case, saying it his groin and can see that the y other children,
was best to al- broken. The boy boy Js iraprov- and we can
low it to take its is very low. I ing under the hardly believe
■ own course. We asked ihe doctor treatment."— J. h« is the same
feel very anxious about giving W. Mooee child, thanks to
about hUn.l «p«l.r:fiS; Ho od - B arBapa .
wish we could ha 3 cured go nil., which we
find something . many such have proved to
which would ef- cases, but he be indeed the
feet a cure. I sa id he could . One True Blood
fear it will de- e ive him mcdi- Purifier." — J.W.
velopintoa cine that is four , . Moore.
serious affair." times better and
; W. Moore. does not cost as
m uch. "— J.W. • . -,-«'-
Moore.
Pages, like the above are penned pure, enriched and vitalized, cured
in the personal records of thousands jof scrofulous taints, salt rheum,
of people. boils, pimples, spring humors; in
In the memories , of many mpre blood which properly builds up the
the success of Hood' s Sarsaparilla nerves, strengthens . the stomach,
is indelibly imprinted. The cures creates an appetite and gives that
by Hood's Sarsapari lla 1 are literally tonic to the system so imperatively
written ;in blood — in blood made needed in the Spring.
HOOD'S S Hlla
. Is the Ideal Spring Medicine— the One True Blood Purifier.
FORECLOSURE FAR
IN THE FUTURE
No Possibility of Such
Suit Going- Through
This Year.
There Is a Possibility That the
Union Pacific Will Not Be
Foreclosed Upon.
Legal Complcations That Will Delay
Any Action Commenced In
the Courts.
OMAHA. Nepr., May 7. — Labor circles
are much interested in a story printed by
a local paper to-day declaring that there
is no probability of the Union Pacific fore
closure going through this year, and prob
ably not at all.
An official "on the inside" is quoted as
the authority, without mentioning names.
In the course of the conversation he said:
"I understand thai Master-in-Chancery
Cornish has been in New York taking tes
timony from holders of various liens
against the Union Pacific other than thai
of the Government's. Now, after all that
testimony has been taken, it is going to
be some time before the master will give
his report on the cases to the court. Even
if these reports were accepted by all par
ties concerned and at once ronfirmed by
the Federal courts it would take a montti
or more, but it is pretty well understood
that there will be protests from the holders
of certain liens. It is natural in a case
like Ibis, where their interests might De
adversely affected, that there should arise
objections.
"These disagreements will cave more '
delay, and even after that there are half a j
dozen legal processes necessary before the
sale can take place, including the adver- j
tising of the sale for sixty days'. That's
the reason I seriously doubt if there will
be any foreclosure this year. But one '
guess is as good as another. In fact, I I
doubt that a foreclosure saie of the Union '
Pacific Railway Will ever take place at all. i
The receivership may be terminated with- j
in a year, or possibly somewhat less time,
but the road will be operated by the own- '
ers the way they think most profitable.
There are many legal points in the fore- ■
closure proceedings, and it will take some j
time to solve thnm all."
CRAZED ItX lUVIHACHE.
A Cleveland Man £.nd« Bit Suffering by
Hnngina Hitmrlf.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, May 7. -Joseph
Kocab of this city tried to cure a t.ootti
acne by hanging himself. He has for some
time Deen suffering intensely from an
ulcerated tooth. Last night his sufferings
were worse than usual.
Abaut midnight, having in vain at
tempted to relieve his pain, he started from i
the house saying that he was going to find
a dentist. He did not return, but his!
absence caused his wife no alarm, as she
concluded that he had decided to stay in ■
me dentist's ofiice until morning.
This morning she was horrified on en- ;
tering an outbouse to find the body of her '<
husband hanging there. He had been
dead for several hours. The man nnd
evidently committed suicide when he left i
the house at midnicht. The pain had ap- |
parently temporarily crazed him. He!
leaves a wife and seven small children.
y at Goodwin at Denver.
DENVER, Colo., May 7.— Nat Goodwin
appeared before one of the largest au
diences of the season to-nipm at t.ne
Tabor Grand. The occasion was the first
up, enrance in Denver of Mr. Goodwin in
the loleof "David Garnck" in the Dlay
of that name. An ovation was given the
actor for his artistic interpretation of
the part. Miss Maxin? Elliott, Mr.
Goodwin's leading lady, shared the honors
of the evening with the comedian, for her
clever work in ihe role of Ada Ingot.
Another Million in Gold for Paris.
KEW YORK, N. V., May 7.— Lazard
Frere3 & Co. withdrew to-day from the
United States Assay Office $1,000,000 in
gold bars for shipment to Paris to-mor
row. The wiihdrewal was a surprise, and
those best informed are unabie to see any
profit for the firm. The rate for sterling
exchange to-day was but 4 B~\^. This
stipnierU makes the total eoi.i exports
this week $2,500,000, against $6,477,000 last.
THK KM rv*i'V^Lu^^~»~»~«'
! Astounding l\
Glove Bargains |
A ..FOR.. ' \
1 Saturday's J
| Sales I
5 From the Great |
f Doane & Hensheiwood f
I Stock at I
S HALF PRICE AND LESS. |
HALF PRICE AND LESS.
SStop one moment to fjj>
read these few lines and |
you will visit our Glove |j
Counter to-day without 9
I fail. Thousands of pairs S
|f io choose from, prompt B
| and polite attention and |
I HALF FORMER COST |
3 A* RA^ P?r p^ir-they |
( At 50C SM 1
ra Glove— 3*row embroidered backs M
|p in black, brown, tan and red. Q
f» A-i- Cl O per pair— they cW
i? JVT OCtC weresi.so— A &
GLOVE (positively real kid) — £
GLOVE (positively real kid)— l 3
X 5-button length — elegant assort- V\
i| ment colors — at the price we Jjj
fiy are simply giving them away — 2/
come quick for these. (3
i A - 4t^ .00 pair-they 8
lAt ct>l — ssVrSS 1
and $2--Gen- |l
-o vine Foster Xid — 2-clasp and 4- %
I button — every pair fitted to the ll
3 hand, and not a single pair al- II
!uine Foster Kid the counter un- W
button — every pair fitted to the |j|
hand, and not a single pair al- 11
lowed to leave the counter un- lo
H less perfect in every respect and W
t n a perfect fit. g)
« Doane & Henshelwood's ft
! Entire Stock Henshelwood's S
Entire Stock of FINE PARA- fl
SOLS AND SIN UMBRELLAS GO |]
/t AT HALF PRICE AND LESS. |
i :WARViIZNGI~Our 1
§ Glove Counters will be m
(8 crowded to-day. Come @
! crowded today. Come fi
early — in the morning if
\ you can — and save
If money in comfort. |J
1 The Emporium. |
(2 i
'" AT AUCTION
TUESDAY.
TUESDAY ; MAY 11, 1897.
At 13 o'clock noon.
AT OUR SALESROOM 63S MARKET ST.
Opposite Palace Hotel. San Francisco.
Van »8» Avenue Ke«irlence Lois.
SE. (50 vara) ror. Van Xess aye. and Francisco
St., In 5 large anMivlgions: 27:6xlaS fret. Tnls
e'eKttm Jocation for resld nces Is. on ihe' grari't
boulevard, which Is to be co:Ui ued out Lombard
Btreet. making a continuous grand drivewa/
around our city, Is near the Government reserv i-
tion a::d commands a mai?iiitic^nt m.vine view-
; van >ess avt-nue ie biiuminlzed: examine tliia
j roperty for choice homes.
Stelner-Street . Cottage.
E. line (No. 1812)- of stelner St., 82:6 feet s
of Busli; bardsome bay-window cottage of 7
rooms and bath; choice location: teiner street
bitominized; cement stone sidewalk; sonny ex-
posure, .qual to northwes: corner: examine this
for abouie; several car lines; lot 27:6x100 feet.
Point Lobos Aye (Kichmond) Corner
L.ot.
SE. cor. Point Lobos and 10th ayes.; an elegant
<-o-ner lot rbuslne-s or rt-sidence, on the grand,
wide boulevard Poini Lotos aye. Sutro electric
road; grand co. ner lot, 8*2:6x100 leet.
;. JKlejfunt Corner lteaidence JLot.
SE. cor. of Church and Liberty sts.; an elegant
corner lot for a eenUenmn's residence; fine view;
choiiesunoundincs; several car lines: lar/ecorl
ncr lot, 61:bxlOS feet.
Oatside Land lilock Xo. 1090.
A laree piece of ontside land block No. 1090
(compristns 39 city lots), soutn of Golaen Gala
Jfark, bounded by R and S streets. 3'Jl and 831
ayes. : lot 240 feet on R st., 475 leet each on 3_>d
and 83d ayes.
Kroderick-Street Kesidence Lot.
W. line of Broderick, 100 feet R of Oak st. : ele-
gant lotto build upon; choice surroun lini;s; street
in basalt rock: com teMdewalk; street sewered,
and lot sldc-sewered; seveial carliuej; lot 25x100
feeL- ■ .
Twerty- Fourth Street Cottage.
a line (Xo. — -) of 24th s., 25 feet W. of Don?-
-: la*s: oay- window cottage of 6 rooms, bath and
basement; 24ib->t taisuass ihe duor; s:reet in
i fine ondltion; examine this for a boiue; lot 25x
85 ieeu ■-'•;.'.-;
Ocean Boulevard I.ots.
Kast line of 48th aye. (Ocean Boulevard), 100
8 of X St., and near ihe >>cran lions'. ' Th s grand
piece of propt-rty fron s the ocean und boulevara,
which is being completed; will soon become a
prominent location for grand' home or business:
will be sold entire: 100 fret on 48tu aye, runuing
through to 47th 240 feet, on which it iruius 100
feet, mailing this lot 100x240.
Ashburr Heights French Flats.
West me (No. 28) : De Long aye., 200:4 8 of
Wai erst., bet. Masonic aye., Ashhur*', Water a>d
Fred»rlci sts. Improvements— 4 French flats of 3
rooms and bath each; full rent; #.6; near (<oldea
Gate Park; concrete foundation aud sidewalk;
several car lines; lot 25x80.
largo X Chmond Lot.
West line of 27th avr., 265 hor Point Lobos. A
laree residence lot, re«dv tor bui dinjr, neMr Point
Lobos av.'.i Su:ro electric cars; grand lot, 70x120.
IiASTOX. JiJLAlKlOtifc; & CO..
Office and Salesroom, 038 Market St., opposite
Palace Ho.el.
DR.MCNULTY.
THIS WELL-KNOWN AND BKLIABLE OF.1»
JL Sperialist eitret Private.Nervous.Moodund
Diseases of Men nnly. Manly Power restored. Over
-0 experience. Send for Book, free, l'atlen
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours, 9to 3
dailv;6.:» tos.Wev'cs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consolu-
tioufree aud sacredly confldential. Call oraddresa
P. BOSCOS McNCLTT, M. I>.,
26,^ Kearny Slrrrl. S»n I'raatlnru. Cal.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WABHIITOTON BT3. rh.
modeled and renovated. KINu, WAKD aool
Kuropean plan. Kooms 50c to 91 50 per day < i
to *S per weelt. $» to t*i per «aoatn:^xe« "attu"
hot and cold water over/ room: • lira rr»ta< t'
•T«y room: elevator nuu atluijtas. - r^^TWILSON TALKS OF
THE SUGAR BEET
The Secretary Enthusi
astic Over the New
Industry.
He Distributes Seed to About
Twenty Thousand
Farmers.
Confident of Great Resu'ts and the
Enlistment of Unlimited
Capital.
WASHINGTON, D. CL, May 7.— A map
of the United Sates with a broad red
stripe running across it from the Atlantic
to the Pacific will soon ornament the
walls of the cilice of the Secretary of Agn
-e. This map, and particularly this
stripe, will interest especially two great
c asr-t s of citizens of the United States —
rmers and the capitalists.
••Having distributed sugar-beet seed to
20.000 farmer-," said Secretary Wil
son to The Call correspondent, ''I want
to take up the practical end of this sub
ject now and show to the capitalists as
well as to the larmers where they can
afford to make such experiments and en
ter upon such bu*iness investments as are
likely to be a success financ ally and
otherwise."
•You still have faith, then, in the beet
sugar enterprise from a practical stand
point ?"
"Undoubtedly; and it is evident that
the people of the United States have faith
in it. Wj have supplied in the last two
weeks :\J .OOO farmer* of the country with
--beet seeJs for experiment during
the coming season. They are scattered
through practically every State north of
the ex:ren;e southern line of States. The
people as far south as the Carolinas, Ten-
and Texas be!ieve that tbey can
grow suear-beets successfully, and we are
quite willing to give them fall oppor
tunity to make that test everywhere. If
-ucceed in extending the beet-sugar
territory duwn to the very line of the cave
- are^ there ougiit to be no difficulty
ducinc in the United S.ates ail of
the 5100,000.000 worth of sugar for which
we are now going abroad annually.
■•The practical business end of this ex
periment," continued Secretary Wilson,
as he glancei at the map of the United
States hanging upon the wall of his office,
c neit thing to be tafcen up. We
supplied people in all parts of the
con try with sugar-beet seeds, and they
can now go on with ;neir experiments in
growing them. Meanwhile we shall train
our more technical Lut equally important
investigation to determine what part of
thf country is most likely to be a success
ful field for operations both in actual
growth of the beeti and the production of
the highest grades of sugar. Thi« is a
tubj"ct which the capitalists of the coun
try especally want lo know about. It
tane: money to establish a sugar Jactory.
It is not practicable for the farmer io raise
a few acres of beets and turn them into
sugar upon his own farm. The factory
ruujt have sucn expensive machinery and
be operated upou such a large scale as to
absorb the production oi several farms if
it is to be a financial success.
"So the capitalists who are waiting to
put their money into beet-sugar factories
are entitled to all the information whica
we can e;ve tbem as to the section or sec
tions o: country where beet su^ar is most
likely to be successfully produced and
likely :o be most successful in prcduction.
To this end -iney ought to have the beat
information that can be obtained in regard
to climate, soil, transportation conven
iences and other elements which enter
into a determination of these questions.
Tne rext step which I propose to under
then ia to put into the Lands oi some
competent person i r persons the study of
this subject, including climate, rainfall,
character of soil and other matters of this
kind in different parts of the various
Stttes.
"Tne record of the climate and rainfall
for a term ot years can readily be obtained
almost anywhere. Samples of soil can
■..■e ( btained and analyzed. Where it
ii practicable to mate these analyses at
t£e State experiment stations tms will be
done; where it is not practicable the
samples of soil will be forwarded here or
to such otner convenient pointi as may
beseiecttd and analyses made. In ihis
waf, wUle the farmers are experiment
nig with the growth of the sugar beet, we
expect to make equally important experi
ments and researches from this stand
point, and by a comoination of these ex
periments be ab.e to indicate to the peo
ple desiring to invest in the establish
ment of sugar factories tbe locations or
the strip of country where they are most
lively to meet with succes and likely to
meet witn the most success."
'You think there is capital in the coun
try ready to go into the bud-sugar manu
facturing industry?"'
"Undoubte-iiy and plonty of it. A
number of factories are already operateJ
by Claus Spretkels ani people witn capi
tal are willing and ready to establish
many more of them as soon as they de
lEW TO-DAT.
SS2 to $25
Eleciric
tartubiomen. UUllOl
Car Customers. UUHUI
We Guarantee our $25 Belt
better than the Belt others are
selling for $40 to $50.
$4 TO 525.
6ALVANIG OR FARADiC BATTERIES.
We are Agents for a Dry-Cell Batter, that is far
ahead of auy in the market. Call and see it.
780 for TRUSSES.
We have an immense atocic and guarantee a
perfect ri:.
$2.50 FACE STEAMERS
For the complexion. Jnst arrive-t See them in
our window. '
NO-PERCENTAGE PHARMACY
853 Market Street,
bomb bide, bet. i'litli and sixth.
termine what sections of the country are
best adapted for the practical beet-sugar
production. I hope to have a broad line
extending across that map from the At
lantic to the Pacific in a comparatively
short time, indicating the practical beet
su^ar Delt of the country, in wnich capi
talists as weil as farmers may safe.y enter
upon the work of supplying the peopie of
the country with su-jar."
BIG JEWELRY ROBBERY.
Burglars Decamp Wnh $25,000 Worth
of Jewelry and Money Hidden
Over a Store.
NEWARK, N. J.. May 7,— William Mc-
Connville, jeweler at 372 Broad street, re
ported to the police to-night that ne had
been robbed of $25,000 worth of watches,
diamonds and money some time to-day.
He thought his stock was not safe, and
kept it in a stror.g box in his bedroom,
uver the store. The box was secured by
a riveted hasp and a big padlock, and the
door of the bedroom was locked. All the
valuables were secure at 1 o'clock this
afternoon when he examined them, but
when he went to the room at *i o'clock
this evening the bedroom door was open,
the lid of tne box broken, the trays were
scattered on tue floor and all the valua
bles were gone. AicConville says he diii
not believe any one but his wife knew of
the existence of the stiong box. It con
tained 200 gold watches, ten dozen dia
mond rings, ten pairs diamond earrings,
three dozen diamond pins, lockets, goU
chains, etc., $200 in money. There is no
clew.
KILLED J5» FALLING BHICKS.
Careleisnet* lteipon*it>le for the Death
of a Girl-
DENVER, Colo., May 7.— May Bailey,
a young stenographer, while walking past
the new McMurtin building at the head
of Sixteenth street last Thursday, was
struck on the head by bricks falling irom
the top story. She fell Ike a log and died
an hour later at the City Hospital.
Passers-by at the time ot the accident
say that the unfortunate girl did no: nttur
a soiiiid. Tiie bricks came down with a
great crash and the young lady dropped
to the pavement without a moan. Some
men rushed to her assistance at once, but
they found her unconscious.
a" venicle was i romptiy summoned and
she was taken to the hospital. She never
recovered consciousness up to the time ot
her death. The puysicians in attendance
at the hospital found that her skull was
badly fractured.
The accideiit has caused the greatest in
dignation in this city. Gross carelessness
is charged against the people at wort on
the bu.lding, and a rigid investigation is
to be set on foot. When it is lound who
is responsible ior the *ad affair criminal
prosecution will be started.
It i- more than probable, too, that the
relatives of the girl may sue the owners
of the building. She was a very popular
young lady and leaves many mourning
friends.
THE EAYMAKKEL IRAGEDY.
in Annirer»nr\/ lhat Hill Long B« He-
mctnbrrrd in Chicago.
CHICAGO, 111., May 7. —It was
eleven years Tuesday night since the
tnrowing of the anarchist bomb in Hay
market Square that killed seven police
men and wounded sixty-seven others.
The day will never be forgotten by the
members of the police force, many of
whom will carry the scars or the terrible
event to their dying day ; bat no attempt
has so far been made to recognize each re
curring anniversary with a reunion or
o;her exercises.
Short.y alter the tragedy a monument
to the memory of the heroic dead, ta£;ng
the form of a li?e-s:ze figure o! a police
man on a pedestal of graiiite, was erected
on the spot where the bomb exploded.
Recently, however, ccmplainis have been
made by the Catholic Archbishop, who
holds in trust considerable property in
the region, that the position of the statue
impeded the progress of vehicles
through Haymarl»et square, which is
used as a greai public rnarcet. The City
Council therefore ordered the removal of
the statue to Union Park, where :t will be
re-erected in a lew day*.
\\U£.li 7HO I- LAGS.
Captain Jicmeyn to Acctpt an Appoint
ment frotn Chile.
ATLANTA, Ga., May 7.— Captain
Henry Romeyn, principal in the recent
court-martial at Fori McPherson, is in
receipt of an offer of appointment from
tLie Chilean Government saia to have been
secured through General Miies, who was
the former commanding officer oi his
regiment. Romeyn said to-day:
"I shall be retired on June 1 on account
of my ace, and as my tims will then be
at my own disposal I have accepted the
appointment offered by Chile. As I now
understand it 1 am to have supervision
of the extensive exhibit which that
Government is making at the Nashville
Centennial."
When asked if he would pu-h the
charges against Bamford and O'Brien he
said he wouid.
HIS I J Sit. I 1 BESFITE.
Clemency for a Man H ho Staffed Hit
Sweetheart.
DAYTON", Ohio., May 7.— Albert Frantz,
who was to be electrccuted Thursday for
murdering his sweetheart, Bessie Little,
was granted an indefinite respite.
A strong pressure was brought to bear
in favor of Frantz. It was shown that he
was noi in bis right senses when he cora
mitied tne aeed. He was insanely jea.ous
of his sweetheart, and tor some time pre
vicu'.i to the murder he had been acting
queerly..
* The "indefinite respite granted probably
means that his sentence will be commuted
to imprisonment for life.
As i»r as Framz him-eif is concerned he
shows the utmost ; indifference to what is
done. He is apparently unmoved by the
prospect of the awful fate which may be
in store for him. He never talks about
the crime, and is always pleasant to his
jailers.
OFFBBED A 810 88188.
What Befell a Clerk Who Wag l aft en for
a Legislator.
SPRINGFIELD, 111., May 7.— A. L. I
Hamiltun, a committee clerk in the House, )
sprang a b;g sensation to-day by declaring ;
he had been offered $2000 for his vote in j
favor of the Humphrey streetcar bill, the
man who made the offer mistaking him
tor Representative Flannigsn. Hamilton
says be was sitting by chance in Fianni
gan's seat when Senator Lmdrigan asked
him to go outside and meet a friend. The
"friend," he avers, was W. C. Gerrard, j
secretary of the State Board cf Agricul
ture, who flatly offered Dim $2000. Ger
rard aenies the charge. The House will !
investigate.
Artirnlina A. ay Retaliate.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 7.— TUe Her
ald'a Buenos Ayres special says: The
Argentina Congress opened to-day. In
bis message the President states th.it the
proposed moaitication3 of the United
ritatcs lariff. which will place an excessive
duty on the leading products of Argen
tina, may force Argentina to revise her
existing tariff as a measure oi retaliation.
Minister McKenzie Rttign*.
LOUISVILLE, Kt., May 7.— Minister
to Peru McKenzie, who ha? just returned,
sent his resignation to the President to
day. He says facing health compels him
to retire, and besides he thinks the Repub
licans should claim nis place.
Hawaiian Reciprocity Doomed
Is an able editorial la today's .News
Latter.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 8, 1897.
FRIENDS OF BUDO;
FOES OF WHITE
Los Angeles Democrats
Form a Jefferson
Club.
Its Purpose to Aid the Gov
ernor in Capturing a
Senatorship.
Seeks to Undermine the Incum
bent's Strength In His
Home City.
LOS ANEEbES, Cal.. May 7.— There is
a "hen on" in Los Augelea politics, and it
is expected to hatch out harmony in the
Democratic ranks. Star chamber sessions
of local Democrats, sworn to secrecy,
have been held lately, and as a result a
new political club having for its object
the booming of Governor Baud for United
States Senator has been formed— though
the members are noi all willing to admit
it. J. W. Mitchell, who is supposed to be
as near as anybody to the Governor, is
presumably the leader in the movement.
Major Harry Patton says it is a "Jefferson
dab," but does not intend to capture
anything.
The organization of the club was the re
sult of a circular recently sent o'lt to se
lected Democrats who were not adherents
of Senator White asking them to meet at
the law office of Creighton A Rogers on
May 4 to effect a permanent organization
of the new political association. At the
first meeting a temporary oreauization
was effected by the election of C. C.
Wright as president, Telfair Creighton as
treasurer and A. W. Fisher as secretary.
It was decided to ca.l the organization the
Jefferson Club.
Among those who participated were: C.
1 C. Wright, William Mead?, Mr. Drom
: gold, A. W. Fisher, Mr. Mcßride, Mr.
; Rogers, Tsifair Creighion, George Roberts
\ and others. Some of these will not remain
in the club, as there are contradictory re
; ports as to its purpose. T:>e current be
; lief is that it is formed solely to advance
; the interests of Governor Budd as a Sena
torial candidate.
H ELCOME TO THE COXI>CCIOBS
Their Stny in Lorn iu<7-!-» to He Made
rtiumf and I'rofltable.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., May 7.— The first
trainioad of delegates to the convention
of conductors, to be held here on May 11,
will arrive Sunday and the second is due
on Monday, There will De rive special
trains in all, bearing nearly 3000 people,
of whom 400 will be voting delegates in
the convention. Committees from this
cty will meet the incoming trains some
distance out and prepare the visitors for
whit they are to find here.
The Easterners are to be royally enter
tained wnile in Los Angele*. They will
be taken to Mount Lowe and Catalina and
shown the beauties of the country sur
rounding Los Angeles. Arrangements
are being made for giving the railway con
ductors a drive through the city on Satur
day. A novel entertainment on Wednes
day at Fiesta Park will ba characteristic
of Southern California, containing many
unique features.
total Fiiht He:wten Veterans.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., May 7.— At the
Soldiers' Home, near Sa.Ha Monica, last
night, J. M. Stark killed A. E. Hutchin
son with a blow on the eye. Both were
old and feeble-minded inmates of the
home. During the day tney quarreled
over a hat wnich Hutchinson accused
S'ark of stealing. Hot words were passed,
but the men separated without coming to
blows. Later StarK returned to Hutcliin
son to mttka an apology, but as Hutchin
son is very deaf he misunderstood what
was said and struck Stark. The injured
man struck back, hitting his opponent
over the eye and knocking him do wn.
Either tne blow or the fall caused concus
sion of the brain, and Hutchinson died
shortly afterward.
Pricf of a Child* loot.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Way 7.— The
value of a colored child's foot is to be de
termined by a Los Angeles court in a suit
brought by D. Cunningnam ag.iinst the
Los Angeles Railway Company for $5000
damages. The little child of the plaintiff
suffered the loss of a foot, which was
crusned by a car. This is the second trial
of the case. In the first a verdict of $3000
was rendered, but the Supreme Court re
versed the decision and ordered a new
trial. The little boy was piaying on the
street, and in attempting to cross in front
of a car wa» caught under the wheels.
■ ♦
Jfantt a Com ul' hip for Hit Bon.
LOS ANGELES, Cal.. May 7.— Judge
Louis F. Gottschaltc, who was Consul at
Stuttgait under Hirrison's administra
tion, is going to Washington to try to pro
cure that place for his son Ferdinand.
Young Gottschalk's principal opponent is
a colored college professor from South
Carotins. He says ttiattbere is at, present
but one negro in the German city and he
is a prime favorite. He was brought
there from Hayti by a German physician,
who adopted nim.
Epidemic of Hog Cholera.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., May 7.— An of
ficial clash between tbe city veterinary
ana the city health officer discloses the
fact that nog cholera is epidemic in this
section. When the city health officer un
dertook to establish a quarantine on the
afflicti d hogs the veterinary thought his
prerogatives were being invaded, and the
matter of the cholera itself is being over
shadowed by the wrangle between officials
lor t eir alleged rights. The cholera is
mamns inroads on hog droves in this sec
tion.
Jrml'd for Murd'r.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., May 7. -Mrs.
Pheian, a notorious woman, was found
dead this morning in a room occupied by
"Billy" Gallagher and Theodore Cant
well.' Her head baa been bruised by a
blow from a heavy weapon, and blood
stains on the wall of the aDartment sug
gest that she was murdered. The two
men are under arrest on a murder charge.
Sauialtlo * hureh LUangei.
SAUSALIIO, Cal. May 7.-Right Rer.
bishop Mchois in 1 n.eke his annual
viiii to Sausalito on Sunday, where, after
a short deiay caused by renovation and
improvements, Christ Church will be re
opened. The new vestry consists of the
followine: H. Avery, senior warden; T.
Penlmgton, junior warden; J. A. 8. Low«»,
H. J. Crompton, Waketield Baker, J. M.
Kilgarif, C. T. Hamilton; William Bor
rowe, treasurer; W. D. Clausien, clerk.
The other officers of the parish are as
follows: Christ Church branch of the
Woman's Auxiliary of the diocese of Cal
ifornia—President, Mrs. 1. Penlin.'ton;
treasurer and acting secretary, Mrs. M. J.
Crampton; Altar Guild president, Mrs.
W. D. Claussen ; tit. Margaret's Guild
president, secretary and treasurer, Mrs.
J. A. S. Lowe; Young Ladies' Guild presi
dent, secretary and treasurer, Mrs. W'nke
field Baker; parish visitor, Mrs. H. C.
Canijbel ; parish visitor for shipping,
Erne-t McCulloueh; Sunday-school super
intendent, Mrs. H. C. Campbell.
NOGALES CHILD'S AWFUL DEATH.
Little Lydia McKerzie Fatally Burned in
V,ew of a Score of
Feopfe.
NOGALES, Ariz , May 7.— Before the
eyes of a score of people Lizzie McKenzie,
the iittle daughterof Mine-owner Norman
McKenzie was burned to death here yes
terday.
The residence of the McKenzies is situ
ated on the side of a hill at the north end
of Nelson avenue. Yesterday afternoon
Lydia and a number of little companions
were amusing themselves by building bon
fire?. In the play Lydia got too near to
the flames, which ignited her apron, and
soon she was enveloued in flames.
The attention of pas-ersby was attracted
by the piercinc screams from the frantic
child, who ran around the side of the hill
in full view ot the people below.
Several men tore off their coats and ran
to the rescue. The flames were smothered
and the giri was carried to a drugstore.
The attempt to save her life proved
futile and she died in about an hour. She
waa frightfully burned, the SKin pealing
off in great patches. Her face was un
recognizable. The poor child was con
scious to the last and suffered intense
agony.
Lydia's mother was standing in the
yaid of a neighbor and witnessed the
child's fate.
The shock was so great that she is now
nroatraied and her iife is despaired of.
Norman McKenzie, the father of the
cliil'l, is a well-known mining operator,
being the owner of a number of rich
mines in the 6 ate of Sonora, Mexico. He
is at present at one of his mines in the
Arizpe district in the interior of the State.
SAX BA FA £L HI YORCK S UIT.
A San Franci'co Collector* JTif« Allege*
IZxtrtm- Cruelty.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., May 7.— (irace F.
Sbain has filed an action for divorce
against her husband, Joseph E. Sham,
who is well known in business circles in
San Francisco, because of recen: trouale
in connection with Sham's Collection and
Mercantile Agency in the Mills building.
Mrs. Sham v at" present residing with
relatives in Mill Valley.
In her complaint filed with County
Clerk Thomas Bonneau to-day she alleges
that her husband treated her with extreme
cruelty and asks the court to grant a legal
separation and the custody of the three
children.
The troubles of Joseph E. Sham have
b'en varied, and it was no' long aeo that
he left San Francisco in a hurry. Then a
change took place in his business, and
instead of tne Sham Agency it became
known as the Curtis- Beal Mercantile
Agency.
MieKel Machinta Mutt Go.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal.. May 7.— City
Marshal Martin has commenced a cru3ade
against tho nickel-in-ine-slot machines in
this city. He notified the lessee of the ma
chines ;hat they must be removed or he
would be arrested. Marshal Martin says
that the lessee permitted children to play
them on May day at a celebration given
by a military organization, and that the
children were so small that tney were
lifted up so as to enable them to drop in
their nickels.
Kaeina 'it Coluta.
COLUSA, Cal., May 7.— Although the
north wind was blowing a gale to-day
another large crowd was present at Agri
cultural Park to witness the racing. The
first event on the proeramme was a trot
ting race for the three-minute class.
There were on ; y three starters, and the
race was won in straight heats by Prince,
with Candy joe second and Arrow taird.
Best time, 2:24.
The trotting event for two-year-olds
had four starters anil was won by Sacra
mento Belle in straight heats; George
Buckman was second and Jody third.
Best time, 2:54
The rmruie race, one and an eighth
r. : e.i, over four hurdles, bad four start
ers. Joe Hill woe, with Kevine second
and George D.ckson third. Time, 2:09.
foi Angel**-San Dierjo Helay Race-
SAN DIEGO, Cal., May 7.— The bicycle
relay race from Los Angeles to San Diego
next Monday promises to be the most
exciting affair in the history of wheeling
in Southern California. The start will be
made lrom the Herald office at 4:30
o'clock in the morning and the following
cities and towns will be touched en route:
Pomona, Corona, Rivers:de, Perris, El
sinoro, Temecula, San Luis Rey, Bonsail,
Escondido and San Diet;o. The distance
is 191 miles, and tbe fastest time over the
route was made on May 20, 1896—12 hours
and 6 minutes. The best riders in South
ern California will participate, and as the
roads are all in the pink of condition the
record is expected to be broken.
Hini*tr* at Bnkert field.
BAKERSFIELD, Cal., May 7.— More
people attended the races to-day than on
any one day since the sport began. Jock
eys Bustillos and Goodman were set down
for the balance of the meeting on account
of alleged crooked work in ihe first event.
Four ana a half furlongs, Clare N won.
Gold Bu& second, Durarißo tnird. Time: 54J a .
S:i furlongs, ponies, handicap, Red Jacket
won, Saivatlon second, Lady Flint tnird. Time:
1:20.
Seveu furlongs, Rosellewon, Grady second,
Christine third. Time: 1:2!>.
Stanford* Fair J'ennit Champion.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., May
7.— Three closely contested tennis games
were played on Roble courts this after
noon. They were the finals of the recent
women's tennis tournament, Misses Me-
Cray and Webster competing. The
former won by the scores 6-4, 4—6, 6—4.
This leaves Miss Webster champion of the
university, a position which she won
handily last season.
Six Jtee-'ritt J.otctred.
MEMPHIS, Te.v.v., May 7. — Jimmie
Michael won the match race with MacFar
land to-night, lowering six records in the
contest. MacFariand was forced to drop
out under the hard pace at the mile and
iwo-thirds. The official time is 20:08 3-5
for the ten miles. Tne race was paced by
two triplets and four tandems. Records
were broken for the three, six, seven,
eight, nine and ten miles.
Whnelman ff°ood«o<* Orti a Place.
SACRAMENTO, Cal , May 7.— Vice-
Consul Frank Dwyei of the Northern Cal
ifornia Division of the League of Ameri
can Wheelmen has forwarded the name of
Frank M. Woodson of this city to Presi
dent Potter for the position of secretary
and treasurer and it is claimed that the
appointment has been confirmed.
jrtvr-XUle ttace at Mnd't'.o.
MODESTO, Cal., May 7.— The rive-mile
bicycle race which has attracted consid
erable attention in tins community took
place at Oakdale this morning. Al Dallas
of Modesto won ea-ily, with McCuen oi
Stockton second and Henderson of Stock
ton third. Tnere was a large attendance
from Modesto, Stockton, Oakdale and
other nearby towns.
On the Ball field.
BROOKLYN, N. V., May 7.— Brooklyn* 5,
New Yorks 7.
BOSTON, Mass., May 7.— Bostons 4, Washing
tonsO.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., May 7.— Philadelphia^
11, Bnltimores 13.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, May 7— Clevelands 6,
Chicago* 5.
LOUISVILLE, KY-, May 7.— LouUvilles 11, St.
PITTBBURG, Pa., May 7. — Pittsburgs 7,
dnciunaiis 6.
LOANED THE CASH
IN HIS CHARGE
Retiring 1 Treasurer of
Fresno Makes Good
a Shortage.
Repays $14,000 in Time to
Prevent Suit Against His
Bondsmen.
Had Speculated With the City's
Funds and Failed to Realize
Upon Securities.
FKESNO. Cal., May 7.— Not until to
night were the City Trustees enabled to
allow April warrants on the treasury — a
delay of a few days. Not until to-day did
W. H. McKenzie, the retiring Treasurer,
turn over to his successor the full amount
ol money the books showed the city to be
entitled to.
Mr. McKenzie should hare surrendered
his office last month, but when the time
came for him to do so he was $14,000 short
in ca3h. He had taken this amount of
the municipality's money and loaned it.
Tne matter was kept vary quiet, as it
was believed that Mr. McKenzie would be
able to make up the deficiency.
He had what he claimed to be ample
securities for the $14,000 and was given a
few days to realize on them, but he dm
not do this as readily as had been ex
pected.
To-day was the last day given him by
the Trustees, and had he not raised the
mopey the board would have instructed
the City Attorney at its meeting to-night
to proceed to collect the $14,000 from Mc-
Kenzie's bondsmen. Tne derelict Treas
urer succeeded in getting the deficiency
during the day.
Mr. McKenzie has been Treasurer of the
city for maay years. He was formerly
manager of the defunct Fresno Loan ana
Savings Bank.
GRIFFITH AGAIX IN FATOR.
The Heal Estate Agent Iteinttated in the
Hundred, Xhounnnd Club.
FRESNO, Cal., May 7.— The Hundred ;
Thousand Club last night reinstated S. |
N. Griffith as one of its members. A few i
weeks ago Griffith was expelled from the !
organization. He was charged with j
bringing six men from Chicago in a land ,
colonization scheme under false repre
sentations. In Chicago he had promised
them employment immeditely upon their
arrival in Fresno, at the mills of the |
Fresno Fume and Irrigation Company, ,
but he failed to provide the employment :
and it whs then aeknowleged tbat he had |
misrepresented matters to the men. Upon j
this showing the cub expelled him.
Last niiiht Mi. Griffith produced a
letter from th« manager of the Lumber
Company in which it was stated tiiat there
had been an understanding to the effect
that the lend azent couid offer employ
ment for so many men. The company
could not keep its promise, and the blame
for thie fell on Griffith. Upon a correct
showing of the facts tne agent was re
stored to membership in tne club.
PAWNED RIxGS FOR PASSAGE.
M/f Valley Their Destination and to Get
There They Sacrifice Their
Gold.
MILL VALLEY, Cal., May 7.— A pecu
liar and embarrassing incident was the
one in which two of Artist L. P. Latimer's
lady students found themselves to-day.
They were compelled to sacrifice their dia
mond rings in order to go sketching with
the ciasj.
It seems that the two ladies had instruc
tions to te at the Sausalito ferry in San
Francisco in time to meet the rest of the
class and journey to Mill Valley on a
sketching expedition. They arrived at
the wharf eariy and handed the amount
of their fares to Mr. Latiraer, who was to
purchase their tickets. They had plenty
of time left before the boat went so they
took a walk about the wharves. When
they returned Mr. Latimer and the rest of
the class, together with their tickets, were
gone on the boat which pulled out just as
iiiey returned.
They were without money and bad no
means of purchasing tickets so as to get
to Mill Valley to join the sketching class.
Finally one of the ladies offered to put iip
her gold ring as security with the licket
selier. lie gave them the tickets and
they joined the clas3 at Mill Valley. When
they returned this evening they got the
ring out of bondage, much to their relief
and gratification.
Wedded at detjMerville.
CLOVERDALE, Cal., May 7.— Oscar
W. Teaby of Geyserville and Miss Lilian
B. Howard of Cloverdale were married
last evening at the pretty home of the
Teaby's near Geyserville. The ceremony
was performed under a bower of orange
blossoms and choice flowers by the Rev.
Jolin T. ShurtlefT, rector of the Episcopal
cnurch here. Only the relative* and a
few intimate friends witnessed the cere
mony, which was followed by an elaborate
wedding supper.
t.iiht for San Diego-
SAN DIEGO, Cal., May 7.— The city
has signed a contract with the Sau Diego
Gas and Electric Lght Company to light
the city a year for $18,000, and to-morrow
the company will break ground for a new
brick block to cost $25,000.
ITEW TO-DAT.
SAFE
Teas, Coffees,
Spices, Extracts,
Baking Powder,
AT THE
Pure Food
STORES
Great AmericanlmportiniTea Col
EXPERTS with
1 00 Purb Food Stores.
PURE FOOD
Our Stronghold.
NEW TO-DAY— CLOTHING.
fif W The end
I f lAj is near
w f \| 1 The money we borrowed |
.\\ | I is in sight and, true to our 1
M jl word, we stop the sale on I
-\\ II I the 15th.' Don't delay till the E
«*J|J I / last minute. There is still a I
yQ ' good choice among the hun- |
dreds of great bargains. Get I
in before the final crush. |
It was the expected increase of tariff on wool 1
that induced us to overstock our warehouses. That |
overstock cost us money — compelled us to borrow I
from the banks. It's this borrowed money that we're
getting together now by means of this great sacrifice
sale.
It's a horrible loss to us, this cutting prices clean
in two, but we're grinning and bearing it.
Don't forget — every garment we sell guaranteed
pure wool and kept in repair one year free. )
I HERE ARE THE|
I PRICES— a few of them. I
I But some of the sizes are!
1 running pretty low. | \ \\\\\\|| 7///////
ifi" Sing, and DoubJ jiH Elll/w///
154.85 g&-£<£g] «lL^w
% new fabrics ; guaranteed pure wool. {§
• Regular price $9. ® -^^#^fi| 1 fNlß^^
f" Only a few of these left— odd sizes. ® -JUl^iH lITU I I -"
fi) (•) *^-~^s^ I |JA - ■■■ °-^-^*
rd? /C Sack Suits singled r^UHHIUIMi
STIC O C and double breasted S
®^^i?* C/ — shades of® — v
® brown, Havana, slate and over- Xs=-±j>
(S plaids. Regular price 10. Guaran-
® teed pure wool. ® % Js4
f (£ j£ Single and Double! Axki?T\
®AOiOO Breasted Suits, in® / V ( \
I^^ cassimeres, chev- g /If \ \
iots, tweeds and worsteds. $12 is & /7r^ " fl \
the regular price. Guaranteed pure /tj^
® (t» s^ Exceptional values S j/ I / J\ \^/
Sj)w. ■% If n Single and Dou- ® f/ ' / \ \7^
® /*O v ble Breasted Sacks, ® /,/ \\ W
g comprising all the latest colorings in g / / I A
exclusive designs. Regular price $15. ® { j\ <U :
® Guaranteed pure wool. ® *s^— S 1
i/f» Q Cutaway and Sack ® ff 1
*DO«sO uits in ser g es 'i 1 1
*r %J tweeds, cassimeres Jg // 1
and worsteds. Former price $17 00. ® (I \ /
Guaranteed pure wool. ® L/L/- \\j<
Id? Cutaway .and® i - ■ ■—» — i^ =?w
•^ IVf•Vf Vf Cby worlds I
and Cheviots. Very dressy. Regular® m m vlii^^^^
|> $20 value. Guaranteed pure wool. @ <%%^^^^Kk^KMß^
Ssl.7S^-'t^j fl^K
ISI . 7 5 Will cost double the I jf«§fl if^K^
»*K* • / t-/ money any other ® /////// '/// ',\\\ !I\v\vm\\
I place in town. | ////f mM mttTOvY*
I/^ Spring Overcoats, | / / '/_'l| I \ \*
®J^ "2 yC in very desirable |>
® %J yt^ shades and fabrics. ® '•
S Worth every cent of 5 10. . Guaran- ®>
<5) teed pure wool. ® 1
nrs a a'BTrgyy yY7ra"(rßTnnnra"6"a •g'a a a 6 s'fi'fiTraTnrinr&'a a a < y'a'ya''a"g'g"^ |
Jo .':., ■. ,:■-- o< I
£ Dnniptnlipi«-This is the last Satur- 3 I
£ IX^lll^lllU^l day, but one, of the great I
£ sale. Make hay while the sun is in the full. 5 jjj |
QUUUL < L - q .. < L°A 0 - 0 J > . 0 00 Q-Q-OffJUIP- 0 - oopoooooooopoogpoooooppj0 opoooooooopoogpoooooppj I
S,N.WOODiCf
(COLUMBIAN WOOLEN MILLS), I
541 MARKET STREET
Direotly Opposite some. j|
MAIL ORDERS FILLED DURING THIS SALE. , I
-By special request we will keep open every evening until 8 o'clock |
;> during this sale Saturdays until 10 P. M. |
34
MERCED DISTRICT
PASTORS CONVENE
Methodists Gather at
Stockton in Annual
Conference.
Large Number Answer to the
Rollcall in Grace
Church. )%
Returned Missionaries Recount
Their Experiences Among
the Heathen.
STOCKTON, Cat.., May —The Merced
District Conference of the Methodist Epis
copal Church ia in session in this city.
The conference is largely attended by pas
tors and laymen. -When the roll was
called in Grace Church, ihe following del
*-gtt«3S from the several cities in the dis
trict responded:
Merced— Rev. J. E. Squires, pastor inctaarge; |
George Hinulnger and \V. F. Clark, delegates.
Flainsburg— Rev. R. A. Sawre, pastor iv
ch»rge. .
Modesto— Rev. K. S. Boj-nes, pastor in
Charge; Mr. Bentley, delegate.
Linoen-Rtv. J. H. Frazer, pastor in charge;
Rev. Mr. Duacaii aud Joscpa Osburne, dele
ga >Uriposa-Rev. C. C. Black, pastor in
Mariposa-Rev. C. C. Black, pastor in
charge.
Hornitos— Rev. H W. Currin, pastor in |
Charee; Benjamin Wills, delegate.
Stockton— Rev. il. C. Meredith, pastor in
Charge; J". A. GUI and J. M. Kile, delegates.
Los Bauos— F. J. Miller, delegate.
Walnut Grove— Rev. C. O. .-tt-eie, pastor in
charee.
Ualt— Rev. K. P. Blankenship, pastor iq
charge; Henry Adams, delegate.
Sneiling— Kev. J. F. Roberts, pastor In
Charge.
II cv. R. I. Wilson, editor of the Pacific
Methodist, conducted religious services
yesterday afternoon, and routine reports
were heard. In the evening Rev. T. H. B.
Anderson of Sacramento spoke on the
text, "I am not ashamed of the eospel o!
Christ, for it Is the power of God unto
salvation. "
Reports on missions were received to
day from the churches at Merced, Jflains
burg, Modesto, Hornitos. Snelling, Mari
posa, Walnut Grove, Gait, Los Bano«. So
nora and Stockton. Rev. Mr. Boynes
preached at 11 a. m. to-day, and to-night
there was a missionary sermon by Rev. J.
E. Squires aud addresses by Mrs. Price
Brown and Mrs. Campbell, missionar.es
■who have returned from the foreign field.
Tnere is preaching daily at 11 a. m. and
7:30 r. m. during the conference, ana onsi
ne>? sessions are held irom 9 >. M. to 10:45
a. m. and from 2:30 r. m. to 4:30 p. m.
i-STABLISHLS A At.W CBVRCH.
Jier. rhilo Phelpi Attumes an Indeprn-
dent Pulpit.
STOCKTON", Cal., May 7.— Rsv. Philo
Puelps, lormerly pastor.of the First Pres
byterian Church of this city and who had
Borne differences with the members of the
last conference and fie congregation, is to
preach here independently oi any churcb.
Pioneer Hall has been engaged for next
Sunday night, and the diyine will proba
abiy have a large congregation, as he is
an earnest worker. His theme will be,
"A Broad Christianity or Primitive Chris
tianity, Not Churchinnity, the Need of
the Hour."
Rev. Mr. Ptielps expect?, among other
thinss, to tell about bis visits to what are
known as '•open or institutional
churches," as conducted in New York
and other leading cities. He made a
somewhat careful study of some of these
last summer on his Eastern trip, and he
wishes to show how, through such
churches, the great principles of Jesus
Christ can be applied in a broader and
more humanitarian way.
ISVASIOS VF ARMY TVORMS.
Countless lumbers of the I'esti Appear
-\ear Oakdnlr.
STOCKTON, Cal., "ay 7.— A telephone
message from Oakdale this afternoon said:
Countless numbers oi worms are spread
ing over the country between OakJaie
and the Orange Blossom colony at the
bridge over the Stanislaus River, lour or
Jive miles from Oakdale. The worms are
from an inch to six or seven inches in
length. They are green mottled with
black in color and are supposed to be
army worms. They were first discovered
on the place of L. Leadoetter last Wednes
day and are now crossing the roads in
larse numbers. Thus far they do not
Beem disposed to injure the grain, but are
feeding on weeds. There is considerable
excitement among the farmers over the
invasion.
On Trial >or imrder.
STOCKTON. Cal., JMay 7.-L. Pes
chiera was on trial to-day in Judee
Jones' court for the murder of his fellow
countryman and partner, G. Denoi, on
December 2 last. The homicide took
place at a garden on the Lower Sacramento
road, near the Brookside House. G. B.
Fiscoma testified that he was working
vith Denoi, when Pcscniera approached
them and asfced for money. Denoi 9aid
that he did not have any, and an alterca
tion followed and a shot wan tired. The
men grappled and struggled; more shots
•were tired and Denoi was fatally wounded.
The trial will be continued to-morrow.
Hnr» txp re. tor a ting in T'ubtic.
STOCKTON, Cal, May 7 At the last
meeting of tne City Council an ordinance
was passed prohibiting any one from
expectorating on the sidewalks or in the
inclosure aDout the public fountain. Ten
days were given the Mayor in which to
sign this ordinance and it was feared he
would not, but late this afternoon Mayor
Bages affixed his signature and it is now
a law.
FAILURE AT THE DALLES.
Doors of the National Bank Cosed After
an Investigation by Examiner
Clary.
THE DALLES, Or., May 7.-Bank Ex
aminer Charles Clary posted, a notice at
10 o'clock a. M. to-day on the door of The
Dalles National Bank to the effect that
the institution had been closed.
This action was taken against the ndvico
KEW TO-DAT.
Theon'y gsnulne Hunyadi Water.
HuipiiJanos
BEST NATUfiAL APERIENT WATER
Prescribed and approved for 34 years by
all th* medical authorities for CONSTI-
PATION. DYSPEPSIA, TORPIDITY OF
THE LIVER, HEMORRHOIDS,, as weil
as for afi kindred ailments resulting from
indiscretion in diet. . 2 * i •■-. ■■' 1
**The prototype of all Bitter Waters." Lancet.
"Speedy, sure, gentle." BritwhMedicalJournal
CAUTION : See that the label
bears the signature of the firm ;
Andreas Saxlehner.
and protest of the bank's officers. Cashier
Malcolm A. Moody had nothing to say in
regard to the failure, except that deposit
ors would be paid in full. The officers of
the bank were Z. F. Moody president,
Charles Hilton vice-president and M. A.
Moody cashier.
It is not believed here that the failure
will affect any business houses in The
Dalles, althouch the oank had a large
mercantile clientage. H. A. Ho^ue of
Portland is % director and Henry Failing,
president of tlie First National Bank of
Portland, and A. liush, the Salem banker,
were stockholders.
STANFORD'S CLOSING WEEK.
Elaborate Programme of Commencement
Exercises Arranged by Those
in Charge.
STANFORD UNIYKHSITY. Cal., May
7.— Arrangements for commencement
wee* have been completed with the excep
tion of a few minor details and those in
charge promise that the exercises shall
excel any yet given at Stanford.
The programme has several interesting
features this year. Special attention has
been paid to the promenade concert. A
band of thirty-five pieces under the lead
ership of Jean Schmetz of the Columtia
Theater will supply music. The quad
rangle n to be protusely decorated with
Chinese lanterns.
Booths hava been assigned the various
sororities and it is there that the young
lathes of the university will lrnld their
reception". The young ladies having the
most prettily decorated booth are to re
ceive a handsome prize and much inge
nuity will be called forth.
Instead of a farce written by one of the
students, -Proposal Under Difficulties"
will be prer-ented with "The Siient Sys
tem" as a curtain-raiser. It i$ possible
that Ferris Hartmnn and De Wolf Horper
will assist the students :n this under
taking.
The baseball game this year promisos to
be unusually interesting. Since the
faculty ha* a diamond of i;s own a fuil
team is out nearly every evening. Pro
fessors Angell and Richardson located the
diamond on a secluded piece of land
hemmed in by a heavy growth of trees.
It is there that the faculty members
takfl their daily exercise, and iiicUlentmly
develop a strong baseball team. The
seniors are practicing on the students'
baseball field, and under efficient coach
ins are improving rapidly.
The programme for commencement
weeki? ai follows:
Friuay, May "1 — Prpsulent Jordan's r«cPD
tiori to seniors at the Xazmiu lious£, from 1 to
ti v. m.
Saturday, May 22 — Faculty-senior baseball
game. li)::> 0 am. : !)l> reunion at Robe par
lors. 'J :M0 !•. v ; !M> c.vss dance at Iloble gym
nasium, H r. m.
Sunday. M»y -3— Baccalaureate sermon by
Rev. J. "K. McLean, D.D., in the chapel, 11
a. m.; planting ivyat All Saints Church, Palo
5 p. m.
Monday, -May 25— Senior farce, Encina gym
nasium, 10 a. M.: cla>>s excroiaea, dedication
of plate at tbo quadrangle, '.i p. m.; commence
ment bail at Eucina gymnasium. 8 r. m.
Tuesday. May A.uinni exercises at the
chape!. 10 a. m., Aiumni iuncheon at the En
cinadi'uns-room, 1:30 p. m., promenaae con
cert at the quadrangle, 8 p. M.
Wednesday, May 2ts— Commencement exer
cises at Kncina gymnasium.
ONCE A PORTLAND GAMBLER.
Career of •• Buck " Garretson, Whose
Fortune Has Dsappeand in
Wall Street.
PORTLAND, Or., May 7.— During ihe
height of the Villard boom there came to
Portland from the East a bright young
fellow named "Buck" Garretson. He
could have cleared a comfortable fortune
in the boom, but he held on until it col
lapsed and lost all.
Then he turned gambler, but in the
summer of 1888 his young wife persuaded
bim to abandon the unlawful calling, and
the coupie left Portland. When Garret
son departed his destination Was Colorado.
Nothing more was heard of the Garret
sons tiil about five years ago, when Mrs.
Garretson, then living in Denver, wrote to
Iriends hsre referring to "Buck's" great
success in handling mininp properties for
others, either by manipulating the shares
or by disposing of good claims to Eastern
capitalists.
Tlie Evening Telegram to-day received
a letter from an ex-Portlander now in
Denver, C0'.0., inclosing the appended
clipping from a New York paper:
Frank Garretson, who came to New York
from Colorado two years ago -with something
over .*2, 000, 000, is a bankrupt- His beautiiul
residvi.ee uptown, together wiih its valuable
content?, were to-day turned over to Solomon
Redman's Sons to settle a Dalance of $19,000
due them on a Chicago wheat contract.
"When 'Buck' left Cripple Creek for
good," ?ays the, letter, "he was supposed
to be worth $5, 000, 000, but the wealth of
rich men always is set many notches too
high. 1 am sure, though, that he was
good for $2,000,000. He never struck a
pick in tne ground, but from the very
start be Acted as middleman for prospect
ors and men of money, the former having
no pnd of confidence in his honesty.
"This fortune, which for all time should
have satisfied Garretson, was dissipated in
luckless vpntures in less than eighteen
month". It is alleged that lie dropped
$503,00) alone in the Chicago wheat pit
'snorting' cereals when the market began
to rise, ana the Chicago papers did not
seem to thinK the drop important enough
to devote a few lines to it. The rest of
Garretson's wealth was absorbed by Wall
street."
FATAL FIRE AT FAIRBANKS.
Three Children Locked In a Burning
Dwelling Meet a Horrible
Death.
NOGALES, Abiz., May 7.— Advices from
Fairbanks, Ariz., to-day give the particu
lars of a fire at that place 'Wednesday
night, in which three children were
burned to death. They were Eduardo,
Gabriel and Manuel Blanco, a<zed 7, 5 and
3 years respectively.
Mr. and Mrs. Blanco, who are Mexicans,
pat their children to bed, left a lamp
burning and then locked the doors oi
their residence and went to a neighboring
jackal, where the Mexican population was
celebrating Cinco de Mayo (sth of May),
the great National holiday, with a dance.
Wnen they returned next morning their
former abode was a mass of ruins and
the charred bodies of their children were
found in the embers. It is believed that
the conflagration wa3 caused by the ex
plosion of the Kerosene lamp.
C/I«Oi'» t*t:I*HASA&B.
Odd Fellows mil JUedieaU the Children*
Borne To- Han.
GILROY, Cal.. May 6.— Preparations
Tor the laying of the cornerstone of the
Odd Fellows' Orphans' Home to-morrow
are completed. Jame3 Mcllroy, as erand
marshal of the day, and the Gilroy
band, with delegates of the local Odd
Fellow and Rebekah lodges, will
meet the visiting brethren at the depot
and proceed with them to Odd Fellows'
Hall and thence to the orphanage. A
barbecue and lunch will be held in the
baf-cnient of the buildinc.
; The address of welcome will be deliv
ered by Councilman George T. Dunlap
and. responded to by one of the grand
officers.
Ann liirqo Salary Jirduclion*.
(SAN DIEGO, Cau, May 7. — Mayor
Reed and the special retrenchment com
mittee of the City Council have aroused a
tempest by bringing in a report favoring
a wholesale re luction in the salaries of all
city officials ancf- deputies, where the sal
aries are not fixed by the charter.
The salaries *a proposed range from $55
to $63 a month for deputies ami $80 to $100
for principals. If carried into effect the
redactions will save to the city $10,000 an
nually. Laborers' wages are cut from $2
to $1 75 per day.
TJtIJU SAJN ij It AJNUISUU (JALL, T SATUKUAI, MIA 8, 18^
FORESTERS MOURN
FOR THE DEPARTED
Sorrowful Closing of
the Grand Court's
Session.
i
Remains of Secretary Bremer
Will Be Interred in San
Francisco.
Delegates Conclude Their Labors
With Praises for Marys
ville's Hospitality.
MARYSVILLE, Cal., May 7—Grand
Chief Ranper VellaEe of the Foresters
issued the Jollowing order last night:
To the Officers and Members of Subordinate
Court*, Fore*t<:rt< of A merica— Greeting; It be
comes my sad duty to announce to the mem
bership ol our order the sudden death of our
beloved brother. Grand Secretary Christian H.
Bremer, who was called to his eternal home
while at his post of duty, after nine years of
faithful service a« grand secretary. It is,
therefore, my Vista that the subordinate
courts of the order jn £an Francisco and adjt
cent cities atnnd the funeral of tne deceased
at 3'nai B'rlth Hail, lUI Eddy street. San
Francisco, ou Sunday afternoon. May 10, 1897,
at '2 o'ciock, and that the charters of all sub
ordinate courts in this iiiriidictiou be draped
in inouruitig for a period of thirty days m re
spect to the memory of our lale brother.
Done under my hand at ilarysviUe this 6th
Quy of May, 1897.
R. a Yeu a<,e, (irand Chief Ranger.
After the sad occurrence in the court
room yesterday, when the secretary was
The Late Grand Secretary C H.
Bremer of the Foresters.
suddenly stricken by dsath, it was the
concensus of opinion among the delegates
that the remainder of the programme of
amusements should be declared off; bat
later, at a meeting of thffexecutive com
mittee, it was decided to invue a number
of ifce citizens and those of the Foresters
who desired to attend as citizens to a
Innch in Turner Hall, which had already
been prepared. According about 200
were present, but the affair was not one of
gayetv, as it was formerly intended it
should be.
As a committee of ?even to accompany
the remains of Grand Secretary Brenier to
Alameda the grand chief ranger appointed
Delegates Kavanaugb, Donovan, McCar
thy, Teny, Levy, Aron and Usinger. The
Grand Court appointed a committee of
seven to make arrangements to procure a
suitable monument to be erected in honor
of the late grand secretary.
At 11 o'clock this forenoon the grand
officers and delegates to the Grand Court
formed in Una in front of the Odd Fel
lows' Hall and marched in silent time to
the nnJertaking-rooms of R. E. Bevan,
where they were joined by the member*
of the local court, a:id preceded by the In
dependent brass band escorted the body
of the deceased secretary to the A-street
depot, where it was placed on the train,
and at 12 o'clock departed for San Fran
cisco. The following members of Court
Pride of this tity acted as pall-bearers:
T. A. McKenna, H Elniore, F. Terstegge,
.). M. Morrissey, Emison Boulton and W.
C. Burroughs.
This morning* session of the Grand
Court was chiefly occupied in reading
telegrams of sympathy from various courts
on this const and in the East on the death
of Grand Secretary Brenier. The question
of electing a new grand secretary then
came up. Julius CaHman was nominated
by E. J. Wolfe, and John J. Cordv was
nominated by Hugo Jv. Asuer. The elec
tion was postponed until thi? afternoon.
At the afternoon session Callman with
drew in favor of Cordy, and the latter was
chosen by acclamation. The new grand
secretary is a member of Aurora Court No.
2 of San Francisco, and has been assistant
secretary during the past year. He is a
very enthusiastic Forester, and has been a
member of the order since 1875. The per
capita tax was reduced from 80 cents to 75
cents, making it the lowest per capita tax
of any order in California. The Grand
Court will have a surplus of $1000 after
paying all mileage and other expenses of
the present session.
The installation of officers took place
this evening, and tbe delegatas will de
part in the morning. The grand ball at
the pavilion to-night was a Drilliant clos
ing to the week's festivities. Tne hospi
tality of the good people of Marysviile,
whose every aim was to make the stay of
the delegates pleasant, has been highly
appreciated.
THIS IH. Alt QRA.XD SBCKETAJtT.
Career of a an If ho Wait Bttetmei by
'.;; Bit Anmociaten.
The late C. H. Bremer was one of the
most amiable gentlemen who ever held
the oflice of grand secretary of any fra
ternal organization in San Francisco, and
he had a uappy faculty of making friends
at sight. In his relations to the order of
which he was grand secretary for many
years he was courteous, and ever
ready to give his advice to those who
needed it anil to set aright all those who
\ were in doubt about what was the law in
matters appertaining to tne'order. '
He was a conscientious, ham-working
officer, whose soul was in. the work before
him. Wnile on his sick bed at his home
in Alameda he arranged all the work for
the grand body, so that when it met, had
it not been for his physical appearance,
no one would have suspected that t c
work bad been performed by one wnowas
at death's door. -■■,-. -7
Mr. Bremer was born in Germany on
April 10, 1864. Ha came to California
when only 9 years of age and bis parents
located in Aismeda. He passed through
the public schools of that place and
graduated from the Aiametia High School
in 18S1, so he was by education and train
ing a Cahfornian.
The first work after leaving school was
at tlie butcher business, but he left that
an. adopted ti.at of painter.
Almost immediately on coming of age
he jor.ied ihe Order of Foresters— in 1885.
At the time of his death he was a mamuer
and past chief ranger ot Court Pride of
Alameda. While California Forestry was
still under the English jurisdiction l;e
was elected district secretary, and in 1887.
The fac-simile y^^ ]y/#/r_t j*"* i« On every- wrapper
signature of C(Ka&ff/<!x&M£ «f CASTOKIA.
■when a division occurred in the order and
a portion seceded and organized as the
Ancient Order of Foresters of America, he
was chosen grand secretary, to which po
sition he was re-elected at every session of
the grand body without opposition.
In September, 18S5, Mr. Bremer joined
the Companions of ihe Forest, of which
be was a member at the time of his death.
He was past chief companion of Hamlet
No. 64 of Alameda. Ou the assembling
of the first Supreme Circle he was elected
inner guard, and at the second session he
was elected supreme secretary, which re
sponsible position he held until the office
of the Supreme Circle was removed to De
troit, Mich. Since that time he was an
nually sent as representative to the grand
bodies of both orders, and for his ser
vices he received many testimonials of
appreciation.
Mr. Bremer was also a member of
Grass Valley Conclave, Knights of Sher
wood Forest, a member of San Francisco
Lodge, Hermann's Sons, and at one time
a member of Gray Ea»le Tribe of the Im
proved Order of Red Men, but a short
time ago he transferred hia membership
to Kiowa Tribe.
Mr. Bremer leaves an ased mother and
a sister, Miss Agnes D. Bremer, who is
grand secretary of tne Companions of vhe
Forest (F. of A.) and who accompanied
him to Marysville.
Last June Miss Bremer was called upon
to mourn the loss of her father a. few aays
afier she hau been re-electea to tne posi
tion sne now holds, and now she mourns
over the remains of her brother, who was
stricken by death shortly after his re
election.
Arrangements have been made to have
tne funeral of the late grand secretary
take place from B'nai B'rith Hall on Sun
day afteruoon at 2 o'clock.
STAA\FOJHU MOMJJtS KIPLIKG.
freshmen Enroll the Author* Uarrty
Chtyn* nil v Mrmb'r.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., May
7.— The freshmen class met this afternoon
to make arrangements regarding class
cane?. After this matter was settled H.
M. Brace moved that Harvey Cheyne be
elected an honorary member of the class
of 1900.
Harvey Cheyne, the hero ol Rudyard
Kipling's latest aerial, "Captain Courage
ous," is enrolled at Stanford University
in the closing chapters of the story. He
is thus legitimately a member of the
freshman class, and was enrolled by a
unanimous vote to-dnv.
Rudyard Kipling, who first recognized
Stanford in literature, is to be infornieu of
the honor accorded to his creation. A
committee, consisting of H. M. Brace, I.
N. Gregory, Frank B. Riley. was ap
pointed to forward the news to the author.
Molina »/«•» to J-'altotn.
FBESN 0, Cal., May 7.— Ramon Mo
iina, the aged Mexican who was, a few
days ago, convicted of the murder of Juan
Parra on Cautua Creek in 1893, was to-day
sentenced by Judge Webb to ten y«ars'
imprisonment at Folsom.
The jury h&d fixed the degree of his
crime at voluntary manslaughter and
the court gave him the full limit of the
law. Judge Webb remarked that he
thought the jury had dealt leniently with
the prisoner. Molina is the ex-outlaw and
was one of Vasquer.' gang ot desperadoes
in earsy days.
&mmU» Clara County /■'air.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 7.— A county fair
will be held in this ci.y in September or
October. Tnis is made possible by the
deep interest manifested in the move
ment by farmers, orchardists and business
men throughout the county. It is in
tended tiiat it shall eclipse all previous
la:-. Sheds will be erected adjoining the
pavilion for the display oi agricultural
implements and machinery. There will
be six days of racing and all kinds of ath
letic sports.
Captured nt Hot litter.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Way 7.— Millage Or
tega, who is wutiied in this city on two
charges of burglary, has been arrested at
Hoilister. He will be brought back for
trial. Ortega is an ex-convict and has
been out of jail only a couple of months.
The authorities have sufficient proof to
convict him.
Death of Mr: Woodburv-
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 7.— Mrs. F.
Woodbury, the wife of an orchardist liv
ing at the junction of the White and
Tully roads, near Evergreen, died suddenly
of heart disease this nfternoon. She was
45 years of age and had resided in the
vicinity for many years.
Attempted .'inrf.if at Annilt Camp.
ANGELS CAMP, Cal., May 7.— John
McNamare, a well-to-do young man of
Angels Camp, attemDted suicide this
morning by i hinc his neck and cutting
the arteries in his wrisc with a small
Docket knife. He had been employed by
the Utica Mining Company for some time
past. On pay ciay he went upon a periodi
cal spree, which was the causa of to-day's
tragedy. He may recover.
DoeUrd at San Mtiego.
SAN DIEGO. Cal., May 7.— The
schooner Laura May, which arrived here
on Thursday from Santa Barbara in a
badly leaking condition, went upon the
marine ways for repair? 1 . Captain Hanson
has been superseded by a new man and
ordered to the San Francisco owners to
report.
Mendocino Auylunx Changa.
UKIAH, Cal., May 7.— The board of
directors of the Mendocino Insane Asylum
met to-day and appointed Dr. W. N. Moore
of this piace medical superintendent, vice
Dr. E. W. King, term expired. Dr. Moore
is a Democrat, while Dr. King is a stanch
Republican and had been appointed by a
Republican board.
/ Irn at San /.nit Obitpo.
SAN LUISOBISPO, Cal., May 7.— Fire
broke out to-night in tbe Fashion stables
on Monterey street, and the building was
destroyed. It was owned by the Bank of
San Luis Ob'SDO. Tbe fire was the work
of an incendiary. Tbe building was unoc
cupied.
Lo*t Hi* Mvnry at San Dingo.
SAN DIEGO, Cal.. May 7. — Alfred
Baker, an employe of Wells, Fargo & Co.,
lost his pocket-book containing $1625 on
tho streets this evening. Tne money was
given to him to invest a few days ago by
his father, who left on Wednesday for
Portland, Or.
STRUCK DOWN BY A TRAIN.
William '1 urn. r Fatally Injured Yea-
terday at Howard and Twenty
Fourth Streets.
William Turner, who resides at 823 Capp
street, was struck and fatally injured by
Southern Pacific train No. 15 on Howard
street, below Twenty-fourth, yesterday at
3:40 p. m.
Turner was walking along the track
when the acoident occurred. The train
approached him at rapid speed from be
hind, but for some unknown reason he
failed to hear it as it clicked over the
ra>lg.
It struck him, and he was hurled from
the track into the roadway, where he lay
unconscious and bleeding.
He was picked up and removed to the
City and Connty Hospital.
After a cursory examination the physi
cians reached the conclusion that his in
juries were fatal.
They dressed his wounds and made him
as comfortable as possible.
Cannon were first used by the Moors at
Alsreciras, Spain, in 1313
MORE BRINGS SUIT
AGAINST HIS AUNT
Warring Santa Barbara
Heirs Again Seen
in Court.
Mrs. Miller's Nephew Brings
Legal Action for Heavy
Damages.
Demands $!0,000 in Payment for
His Arrest on Santa Rosa •
Island.
SANTA BARBARA. Cal., May 7.— The
litigation over the estate of the late A. P.
More gives promise of dragging on in the
courts for decades to come. Another suit
was added to the list this afternoon when
J. C. More, one of the heirs, brought an
action against C. A. Stortce and Mrs. E.
M. Miller. Storke is the attorney for the
administratrix, and Mrs. Miller is the
special administratrix, having been ap
pointed last year after a bitter legal con
test to succeed John A. More, brother of
the late A. P. More and uncle of plaintiff
in the damage suit.
To-day's action results from the arrest
of J. C. More on April 8 at the instance of
C. A. Storke for disturbing the peace. The
arrest, the plaintiff claims, was in accord
ance with the conspiracy entered into be
tween the defendants to harass him to
the extent of compelling him to leave
Santa Rosa I-land, a part of the A. P.
More estate, and on which he resided.
More states in his complaint that on
March 16 he went to Storke's law effice in
thia city to effect a settlement of his ac
counts with Mrs. Miller, but was unable
to do so, owing to the captious objections
of the defendants.
On March 7 he went to the wharf to
take passage on the steamer Santa Rosa,
a boat belonging to the estate, for Santa
llnsa Island, but was informed by the
captain that he had instructions from
Mrs. Miller and Storke not to take
him to the island. More found means of
reaching the island, but in a few days was
removed under arrest. When he was ar
rested, he say^s the Constable informed
him that if his wife did not leave the
island she a .so would be arre.-ted.
The case against More lor disturbing
the peace was set down for a hearing on
April 12, and at the request of t> c de
fendant was continued to April 28. On
! that date, C. A. Storke had the District
| Attorney dismiss the case, notwithstand-
I ing the defendant had subpenaed wit
, nesses and wa;. ready ior trial.
Tlie dismissal caused considerable com
-1 ment in Santa Bartara. More declares in
i his complaint that the so.c reason for his
I arrest on the charge of disturbing the
I peace was to cause th»» removal of himself
and wile from Santa Rosa Is and.
There has been a vast Amount of liti
gation over the More estate ever since A.
P. More's death ana the end is not yet in
sight. Attorney Storke is personally in- j
terested in the estate, several childr ii by
his divorced first wife, a Miss More, being
entitled to a share of the property at her
death. Storke's first wife is now Mrs. Sid j
Law and resides here.
Only one of the children is friendly to
the father. He is a son about IS years of
ape. The daughters bold aloof from him
and live with the mother. His activity in
the estate litigation* is supposed to be in
duced by a desire to protect the prospec
tive interests ot his son.
The administratrix of the estate is an
aunt of J. C. More. More's interest is es
timated at a twenty-seventh, but as the
estate is quite valuable this small portion
is worth having.
No one here is surprised nt this damage
suit, as trouble has been brewing for some
time between Mr*. Miller, Storks and the
heirs, the latter opposing the adminis
tratrix.
Falling From a Ladder.
Charles La Berce, a painter, residing- at 341
Fifth avenue, was severely injured by falling
lrom a ladder he was working on yesterday
afternoon. He was removed to the City nnd
County Hospital, wnere bis Injuries were
dressed.
AT LAST A CURE
Has been found for
weak men, and it
is a certain cure,
too. There can be
no gainsaying that
fact. You may ask
yourself how am 1
to know that this
cure is certain. The
answer is ten thou-
sand men have tried
HUDYAN, ten thousand
men say they have
been cured, ten thou-
sand men in black
and white testify to
the genuineness of the
cure. These proofs can
be seen, these men
can be consulted. You
may hire a man to
lie for you, but
ten thousand men would
come high — rather too
high for the inventor
or discoverer of the
HUDYAN remedy-treatment.
HUDYAN is not a
cure-all, nor is it
a patent medicine. HUD-
YAN is a remedy-treat-
ment that can be had
only from the Hudson
Medical Doctors. HUDYAN
cures failing manhood, ner-
vous debility and all
the curious weaknesses of
man. It is for man —
and only for man.
It makes man. If
you want to see
the cures for yourself
consult Hudson Medical
Doctors or write for
Circulars and Testimonials.
Hudson Medical Institute
Ellis, Stockton and Market Sts. .
PALMER HOUSE MANAGER
Mr. Willis Howe Warmly Endorses
Paine's Celery Compound.
The Palmer House, Chicago, needs no
introduction to readers in America or Eu-
rope. It is one of the largest hotels in the
world, and is one of the great institutions
of Chicago.
Mr. Willis Howe, the well-known super-
intendent of the Palmer House, writes
the following letter:
Wells, Richardson & Co., Burlington,
Vt. — Gentlemen: It is. with a feeling oi
sincere gratitude that I write you this let-
ter. I was seriously sick with fever, and
after passing the dangerous stage begun
taking Paine's celery compound. At this
writing lam in excellent health, and in
fact never ielt better. I attribute this to
the use of Paine's cplery compound.
Hoping others will find that Paine's celery
compound will make them as well as it
did me, I am most gratefully ronre.
WILLIS HOWE.
Chicago, January 14, 1*97.
Repeated and astonishing success in
making people well has lifted Paine's cc.-
-cry compound to the admiration of the
world as the surest and wisest means of
invigorating a "rundown,'" nervous con-
dition of the hodv.
fill 1 b-l* iWIHJE*^ BI Wi
CENTRAL PARK WEST, 72d AND 71st STS., NEW YORK,
FACING CENTRAL PAKK.
THE ELITE HOTEL OF AMERICA.
CONDUCTED ON AMERICAN AND EUROPEAN PLANS.
One of the Largest and Finest in the World ; 600 Rooms, with 245 Bathrooms.
Absolutely Fire-proof. Most Luxuriously Appointed. Cuisine of th ' Higheit
Order. An Ideal Resort for Families, Transients and Tourists. Seloct Orchestral
Music livery Evening. Spacious Foyer and Promenade Hiils, Dra wi:i ■» and Musio
Rooms- Kxcellent Appointments for i'rivate Dinner*. Banquet*, Dunces and Re-
ceptions, lowling Alleys and ShufHV i oards for Private I'ariies
References Required of Forties not Persunaliy Known to the Management.
While this Hotel is Orguuizi-d and Conducted on the Grandest Sc-tle Possible,
Prices are Kept 3loderate. Excellent Home during the Rummer for Gent leiuen
whose Families are at Distant Poinls in thr Country or Abroad.
P. S.— Parties Visiting New York are Coidiallv Invited to Inspect this Magnifi-
cent Hotel, which will be found one of tlie Greatest Attractions of the City.
Within Twenty Minutes' K»itch of the Bontn<w« and Theater Districts. During th«
Suuinit-r Season the beautiful Private Ku,tic and Palm Crudnns, si.uated 300
feet above sea 1»vpI, are open to <iue»t.s on'v. A. F :»ll'Kl>LKli.
OR, MARTIN'S GREAT PJUI CURER
OF= THE AGE
IS A CERTAJN CURE FOR
Rheumatism, Neuralgia, Pains in General, Dyspepsia, Dysen-
tery. Cholera Morbus, Diphtheria, Sore Throat, Pneumonia,
Nervous Complaints, Liver ana Kidney Complaints, Sciatica,
Lumbago, Colds, Conghs, Local and (xeneral Debility, Head-
ache, Earache, Toothache, Sickness in , Stomach, Backache,
Burns, Swellings, Boils, Sores, Ulcers, Colic, Cramps, Sprains,
Bruises, Scalds, Wounds, Indigestion, Skin Diseases, Excessive
Itchings and many other complaints too numerous to name here.
PRICE, 25c, 50c, $1.00 PER BOTTLE.
i ; , L. CALLISCH, .Wholesale Agent for the Pacific Coast, San Jose, Cal.
For Ml* bj all druggists. The trade supplied by Reding-ton <fc Co., Mack .<±l Co and
I- Langley & Michaels, San Francisco. . •~»^
J Since the discovery of this great remedy
J men and women who keep themselves
j reasonably well informed in the world's
i progres-, refuse to be mar'.yrstosuch well
j understood troubles as sleeplessness,
' rheumatism, neuralgia or kidney diseases.
! .Paine's celery compound is usea with per-
j feet assurance in those households where
only an intelligent, authentic remedy can
j <:et any consideration. As a spring rem-
f edy nothing compares with it.
As pbysiciKns are all the time saying:
The pain over th» kidneys, headaches and
the misery o* nervous debility should be
met by Paine's celery compound. It 3 in-
vigorating action is at once felt by tne ir-
ritated, worn-out nerves and brain. It
' makes new bloo i. It brings fresh strength
j and vigor to tired, worn out men, weary
i women and to sickly children. For those
diseases which are tne result of weakened
nerves,. such as dyspepsia, ne.tdaenes, neu-
ralgia and heart disease, Paiae's celery
. compound is the only logical, permanent
I cure. It feeds tl:e wasted nerve tissues
and regulates their action. It tones up
the entire digestive. tract and encourages
J the body to take on flesh and to incres.se
I the volume oi pure bLood in the arteries
' Tt-l v»M'.--. . . . . ■-■ - . ■ - ..■ .PRESUMPTIONS
AND INFERENCES
Objected To as Evidence by
the Defense in the
Fair Case.
Another Day Was Wasted by
the Attorreys for the
Executors.
Persistent bat Uniformly Ineff^ctua
Efforts Made to Introduce Hear
say Evidence.
There was another season of frantic en
deavor on the part of the attorneys for the
executors of the Fair estate yesterday to
pet evidence into the Anjjus-Craven case
of a hearsay and wholly inadmissible char
acter, as ruieJ the court.
It was another day of clever parrying on
the part of the defense, although the
:.■ counsel for Mrs. Nettie Craven openly
stated that they had no particular objec
tion to the introduction of the best evi
dence held by the other side alleged to
snow forgery of Mrs. Craven's deeds, but,
as Judge Curtis o. New York aptly put it,
they were opposed to "'being morally con
v.cted on inferences and presumptions."
Mrs. Craven was not in court yesterday
owing to a severe attack of Illness, but
her charming daughter, Margaret, was
there to look after the mother's interests,
bhe frequently conferred with the attor
neys for the defense regarding matters of
vital importance to the case.
Witness vS'hitesides resumed the
stand to give further direct testimony re
garding the printing of notarial blanks by
the H. S. Crocker Company in August,
ISOS. He said he fixed the date of this
issue of blanks by means of his entry
book. As a rulo, said Whitesides, he re
ceived his orders from Mr. Stanford, but
on thi* particular occasion that .entlenian
was away on a vacation, and the witness
was left in charge of the legal department
of the establishment.
Fred Daniels, the man who locks up the
"forms" in the printing department of
Crocker's place, was the next witness. Al
though he was on the stand some time all
his evidence amounted to was an identifi
cation of the house's order for 5000 notar
ia; blanks in August, 1895.
As the morn'.ng session closed he was
excused from the stani.
in the aiternoon S. H. Wade, another
attache of the printing department of the
H. !?. Crocker Company, was pat on the
witness-stand. Mr. McEnerney showed
h im a proof r>f the issue of notarial blanks
ol M ireh, 1894, and asked him if he could
tdentifv it. Wade did, as regards the date,
and also recognized his identification
nark? on it.
in response to a question asked by the
. Mr. McEnerney explained that this
proof was offered for the purpose of show
ing, in connection with other evidence,
fhat between March, 1894, and August,
the Crocker Company never printed
any notarial blanks containing the phrase
o.ogy which appears upon the Craven
deeds, so that m consequence the latter
could not havo been executed in Septem
t cr. 1894. as claimed.
Judge Denson, lor the defense, claimed
that the production of this blank would
prove nothing, but after an argument the
court decided to admit tne document, de
spite the fact that an admission went
alone with it to the effect tnat evidence
01 this son wai not very weighty.
Tbe proof was shown to the jury and
then Attorney McEnerney offered tha al
leged order for those 1594 blanks to the
witness for identification.
Judge Cnrtis took the floor really for
the first time during the trial while the
jury was present. The gentleman made
quite an impression with the clearness
and conciseness of his logic. Several days,
lie said, had been consumed by the coun
sel for tne plaintiffs in a laborious effort
to squeez3 in inadmissible evidence — so
ruled repeatedly by the court. Mr. Me-
Enerney, he said, had tried the patience of
tbe court, and had accomplished little or
nothing. The issue that gentleman was
essaying to illegally prove was that the
deeds held by Mrs. Craven w*-re not gen
uine, alone wiih ihe acknowledgments ac
companying them. He challenged the
other side to produce one sound legal rea
son for the introduction of the sort of
proof they had been laboring to get be
fore the jury.
"We are not going to be convicted mor
ally before the public of this grave charge
that hangs over vs — we are not going to
be convicted, I say, and deprived of our
property by inferences and presumptions,"
said Jud^'e Curtis in conclusion. "'lt
must be by proof and only by proof that
is admissible under :he "law. There is
nothing here to show that these bianks
and printers' proofs, which seem to form
the basis of the plaintiffs' case, were not
printed outside of the jurisdiction of this
court and placed in those bins by design
inr hands so that they could be found."
Judge Slack committed himself again
as beine doubtful »s to th^ waieht of these
documents as evidence, but nevertheless
admitted the last cne as a possible circum
ttance going to prove something else.
The court took a short recess hete in
order to give the jurors and attorneys a
breathing and smoking speil, and when
the proceedings were resumed Mr. Delmas,
who had not reappeared after the noon
rest, was in attendance and took up the
.reins for the defense.
A clash occurred as soon as Wade was
as-ked by Me Enerney to identify the
pacKage from wnicb he is alleged to have
taken the proofs of the acknowledgment
blanks printed in 1894 and 1895. He could
not do it, and Judge Cords, for the de
fense, addressed the court again on the
advisability of putting a stop to the plain
tiffs' methods.
■: Judge Slack aereed with the New York
attorney, and the examination of Wade
wns abandoned by counsel for the plain
tiffs.
Daniel Keefo. foreman of the printing
room of the Crocker Company, was now
railed and asked to explain what the cu-
■torn was in hip department in handling
and carrying out orders for the manufac
ture oi legal blunks.
Cut an objec ion came from Mr. Delmas
to tne effpcf tdat the customs of the H. b.
Crocicer Company could in no possible
manner affect the rights of Mrs. Craven.
This precipitated a lengthy debate in
which nearly ail of the attorneys engaged
in the casp took a band.
Charles 8- Wheeler led the discussion
for the plaintiffs and cited a number of
IiEW TO-DAT. .
ror one reason
the ncivou3 system i 4. 1_
i of women becomes Qf cSttQlllCr
'■ -impairei, and on
".. account of what Is termed "lemalo com-
"plaints," life becomes a burden. Many think
tnat these pains acd aches that wear women's
l" Hie down with nervousness ana so rapidly
ega ihem must be endured. But tnis is
not true. Headaches, sleeplessness, lack
" ■oi energy, nervous prostration, despond-
ency, -weariness, neuralgia, are all dis-
_ »«•« * pe!led, and nervous,
••• ISr IVZII&GL ailing women rre re-
.MJt.» lYllS^^ B torcd to health by
f r °ef Restorative Nervine
address, w
'". PE. IUJJE3 MEDICAL CO.. £Ji'feart,.ln<L
authorities, which, he claimed, supported
the adruissibility of evidence showing the
custom? of an establishment.
Then Mr. Dclraas took the floor. "After
listening to the argument of counsel on
the other side, and looking back to the
glowing pronii-es made by the plaintiffs
in their opening statement to the jnry,"
he said, "I cannot help exclaiming, 'How
the mighty have fallen.' They have
sought to mow down ihe reputations of
men tnd women here on the mere show
ing of the cu«tom of an establishment,
carrying with it the possible error* of a 20
--dollar-a-month clerk, of a printer's devil,
or the tobacco Bnittle of a printer appear
ing on these blanks. Hours and days
have been wasted in this effort, and fail
ure has attended it at every turn."
Attorney McEnerney said he thought
he could produce authorities that would
satisfy the court that their position was
right, and Mr. Belmas declared that if
counsel really thought so he would with
draw his objections and give tun a
chanc*. In consequence, the court did
not rule on the point, and will not do so
until after the debate is finished next
Monday.
NO CELEBRATION MONEY.
Why the Fourth of July Appropriation
Cannot Be Transferred Into the
Boulevard Fund.
There is no chance of the $3000 appro
priation for the Fourth of July celebra
tion being turned into the boulevard fund
for the simple reason that there is no
money to transfer, even if a legal way
could be found to do it.
The matter was under di-cussion at the
meeting of the Finance Committee of the
Board "of Supervisors yesterday, when
Auditor Broderick asked where the $3000
that it was proposed to transfer was to
come from.
"Wbv, irom the treasury," said Super-
Visor Delanv, confidently.
"But there is no money there to the
credit of the celebration fund," said the
Auditor. .
Supervisor Delany seemed surprised and
aske'> why. .
"Simply because the appropriation that
was made at the beginning of this fiscal
year *vas used up last Fourth of July,"
said the Auditor.
"You can't use money you haven't got,
and you will not have any Fourth of
July money until the new appropriations
are made up."
"But you didn't tell us this before,"
said Delany.
"You didn't ask me," was the answer,
and the Supervisor looked wise, ex
claimed "Oh !" and the matter dropped.
PRESS CLUB RECEPTION.
De Wolf Hopper and Denis O'Snllivan
to Join Many Friends To-Night
at a Smoker.
Denis O'Snllivan, the native San Fran
ciscan wno has been playinj "Snaaius
O'Brien," and De Wolf Hopper, of "El
Capitan," are to be received informally
to-night at the Press Clnb.
There are to be pipes and maybe some
potions of amber fluid, and possibly other
things.
Anyway, the prime object is to have
things work out p easantly.
As many persons have not met these
talented gentlemen off the stage, and do
not tnow what they look like in ordinary ;
attire, ther9 is expected to be a i>retty '
good attendance at the club. Other talent j
will be there, too, and what with music, j
story and other features ol entertainment, j
improvised as may happen, things will j
probably go smoothly enough. Tne Press '
Club has not given a smoker for some j
time. Orse was due', and De Wolf Hopper '
and Mr. O'Sullivan will be made at home.
The delegates elected to attend the In- '
ternational League of Press Clubs will be I
invited to be present to exchange views In j
reference to measures calculated lo im- |
prove the newspaper profession. There )s
mncb interest in tbf club at the present !
time because of the efforts o the members '
to make it one of the most influential |
oreanizations in the country.
These informal meetings of the Press
MISS E. M. GAY, the Friend of Dumb Animals.
Club, such as the one to be held this even
ing, have been found to bring out the full
■ pirit of fellowship that true Bohemianism
develops. It has been the testimony of
visiting celebrities in literature, art and
the drama that nothine has exceeded the
heartiness of the welcome that has been
extended tnem by the Pre« 3 Club.
WEST OF CASTEO.
The Improvement Club Favors Greater
.Mi«»io»! I'ark.
The West of Castro-street Improvement
Club met last evening in Judson's Hall at
Twenty-third and Douglass streets.
A resolutitm was passed favoring the
Mission Park and the puichase of a larue
tract of land for the purpose, provided the
City bonds itself for the expense anil the
tax levy be not raised.
The executive committee was ordered to
confer with the Spring Valley Water Com
pany to request tne company to lay mains
where there are none and to lay 8-inch
pipes where There are 6-inch pipes, so
as to insurß pressure enough for tiro pur
poses.
The school committee was ordered to
appear before the Supervisors to confer on
the exrense attached to the erection of a
new cmlding.
Wind and Dust
In the City, but neither at the ever popu
lar Sunday resort, El Campo, 6891 the
reccrd for last Sunday and everybody
comlortable. Tne only Day retreat to
which four special steamers are run. You
can't get crowded when you ro to E!
Campo. The great rompinz ground for
children is a rival of the children's
quarters at Golden Gate Pars. The
regular advertisement gives time-table of
sttamers.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAT 8, 1897.
MERCY FOR THE
DUMB ANIMALS
Initial Steps for the Organ
ization of Humane
Societies.
Review of Work in the Field
Performed by Miss E. M.
Gay of San Jo:e.
Charles L. Barrington Elected Presi
dent of the State Society— Other
Officers Chosen.
Initial steps for the organization of the
Slate Humane Educational Society were
taken yesterday afternoon at a meeting
held in the Y. M. C. A. building The
chief organizer in the work of extending
mercy to dumb animals is Miss £. M.
Gay of San Jose. She became so deeply
Interested in the subject that she visited
many counties of the State at her own
expense, and wherever she went preached
the gospel of compassion for overworked
and neglected beast"? of burden. Her ob
servation soon convinced her that cruelty
to animals could not be checked by indi
vidual effort, but that organization would
be required to effect the good purpose.
Tho meeting yesterday was called to
order by Professor S. S. Sturges. Judge
D. E. Alexander was called to the chair.
The chairman asked Miss Gay to outline
the purposes of the organization. Bhe
said that a humane society should be
formed in every county in the State
where a society for the prevention of cru
ehy to animals did not exist, and that in
every county there should be organized
a Humane Educational Society — a branch
of the general or parental organization in
San Franci'Co. 'Ihrough the local soci
eties Bands of Mercy should be formed
and children of the schooiS taught com
passion for dumb animals.
At the close of Miss (iay'a remarks a
suggestion was made that a statement of
the society's proposed work should be
printed, and the organization deferred
until a thorough canvass had been made
to obtain members.
Her. Dr. Fredrich, a Presbyterian divine,
fancied that immediate organization was
Letter than delay. He hoped that officers
would be at once elected. After further
discussion it was decided to eiect officers.
Mrs. William Deano nominated forr>res>
dent of the society Charles L. Barrington,
president of the Board ot Education. Mr.
Barrington was elected without opposi
tion on the assurance th:it he would serve
and .would also endeavor to enlist the
service of the school in the humane cause.
Mrs. Deane assured the meeting thai Mr.
Barrington was the man for the place.
Other officers as foJows were chosen:.
First vice-president, Mrs. R. McCoy;
second vice-president. Judge D. E. Alex
ander; secretary, Mrs. Kate "Waters;
•reasurer, William P. Harrison.
A committee on by-laws was appointed
consisting of Rev. Dr. Frelrich, Miss E.
H. Gay and Professor Sturges.
C. B. Hoi brook, secretary of the So
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Animals, suggested that the finance com
mittee should consist of active ladies, and
the following appointments werp there
fore made: Mrs. Elizabeth McKinley,
Mrs. William A. Deane, Mrs. E. M. North,
Mrs. H. H. Lnso and Mr?. M. Irvin-.
The following directors wer* chosen:
Albert Lyser, Miss M. M. Murphy, Elisha
Brooks, Marcus Davis, D. E. Alexander
S. S. rtturtres, Sias White, R. H. Webster,
San Francisco; J. S. McCue, Corte Ma
dera; Dr. Keith and Dr, Gates. San Jose.
The names already enrolled as members
of the State society are: Mrs. M. H. do
Young, Mrs. E. 11. North. Dr. Gates, Mrs.
R. McCoy, Dr. Gardner, Mrs. H. H. Luse,
Miss Perkins, Mrs. Paul, Rev. Dr. Boyn
ton, Miis Simpson, C B. Hoi brook, Mrs.
Kate Waters, Mr-«. Georce Edwin Walk,
S. S. Sturees, P. W. Fredrlch, Mrs. Eliza
beth McKinley, D. E. Alexander, Mrs.
Dr. Kfith, Mrs. M. Irving, Marcus Davis,
Mrs. Burgoss, Mrs. A. F. Gordon, Profes
sor Silas White, Miss M. M. Murphy, Mrs.
Nellie b. Eyster, Mrs. Maria Grey, Pro
fessor George O. Mitchell, Rev. D. George
E. Walk, Professor Elisha Brooks, Mrs.
William A. Deane.
SHAM BATTLS TO-NIGHT.
Company I. and the High School Cadets
Will Have a Fake Fight.
The Chutes are going to have a large,
noisy lime to-night. Company L, First
Regiment, and the H:gh School Cadets
will yive exhibiiion driiJs and at 9 o'clock
there wi:l be a big sham battle on the
open space in front of the Casino. A
number of pieces of artillery have been
placed on the grounds and a cannonade
will commence at 8 o'clock. At Uie con
clusion of the military performance there
will be a ball in the skating rink.
Continental Club.
The regular monthly meeting of the Conti
nental Club will be held next Tuesday even
ing. As the subject of abolishing the civil
service wil'. be fully discussed by able speakers
a large attendance is expected to hear the rea
son why Cleveland's circular letter should
not be withdrawn from operation.
TO COMMAND
THE COMMANDERY
John P. Fraser Named for
the Highest Posi
tion.
C. a Wilson Selected General
issimo and W. H. F. Titus
Captain-General.
Work of the Organization for the
Year Reviewed— Richest Body
in the West.
The California Commandery of the
Knights Temp'ar at their annual meeting
last night at the Masonic Temple elected
officers for the ensuing year. The at
tendance was large acd unusual interest
J. P. FRASER, Eminent Commander of California Commandery,
Knights Templar.
was showa in the work of the command
ery. Among those present were many of
the leading men of the State.
Considerable interest was taken in the
selection of the officials, for it is esteemed
a high honor to represent the command
erv in any way, not to speat of a high
official place. The session was quite long,
the officials finally chosen being as fol
lows:
John P. Frßier, eminent commander;
Charles H. Wilson, generalissimo; W. H. F.
Titus, captain- genera, ; Rev. George S. Walk,
prelute; James McCrossun, senior waiden;
John Tonningsen, junior wnrden; Tnomas
Marion, treasurer; Hiram T. Graves, recorder;
Montgomery Godley, trustee.
The California Commandery is the old
est and wealthiest not only on the coaßi
but in the West. It includes within it
many eminent name?, and everywhere
any of the commandery may go they are
received with distinction. At the Trien
nial Conclave in Boston three years ago
the members of tlie California Comman
dery were mounted on black and linely
caparisoned horses and attracted a great
deal of attention.
Tne members carried a car of wine
across the continent and astonished the
Eastern people by their liberality. Every
caller at their headquarters on their re
ception day was presented with a bottle
of wine.
DEATH OF MRS. C.F. WYMAN
An J-.stiinable nod Charitable Member
of an Old New York Family
Fassea Away.
Mrs. Charle3 F. Wyman, wife of C. F.
Wyman, president of the Board of Ex
change of San Jose, died at the fam
ily residence on Thursday after a pro
tracted illness. The deceased lady be
longed to a well-known family in New
York, after which Murray Hill has been
named. Her maiden name was Mur
ray, a family known among the
early settlers of the Knickerbocker City,
whose wealth and influence in that place
in the early days did much to advance the
queen city of the Atlantic in its infantile
struggles for wealth and prominence.
Her forefathers showed their patriotism
to the cause for which Washington and
Lincoln fought. This spirit ol patriotism
lost none of its enthusiasm in their pos
terity, as a brother of the deceased lady
lost his life in the late struggle for. the
Union, and she herself was an active co
laborer in the iank3 of the Woman's Re
lief Corps of the G. A. R. "••'; ■ •
Her surviving husband is well and
favorably known -in this City, where he
resided previous to settling in tiie Garden
City. He was secretary of the San Fran
cisco Board of Trade from its inception
for a period of ten years, when he re
signed to accept " the position of head
bookkeeper for - Neustadter { Bros., after
which he purchased, a Jurge tract of or
chard land *in ■; San Jose, and was the
founder of the Exchange Board organ
ized in that city for the preservation of a
fixed system 01" disposing of the fruit
products of that section which has been
adopted by other fruit-growing localities
with most' beneficial results. .
A grief-stricken man with one daughter,
Mrs. H. C. Neff, and three grandchildren
aro left, with many friends, to mourn the
loss of a philanthropic find charitable
lady. Her funeral . will take place at 2
o'clock to-day from the family residence
in Ban Jose. : * ; ■'■~"~
An only son of th« family had preceded
her to the great unknown about six
teen years ■K^_^^_^_^ll____
Her Husband Gone.
Mrs. Katlierine Mitchell of 702 Larkln street
reported to Secretary Frank Holbrook of the
The fee-simile yrtf s/fTTZe^ is on every wrapper
signature of -; ;- : 6£^?>s^Sk- of CASTOEIA.
Eureka Society for the Protection of Children
yesterday that her husband, Charles M. Mit
chell, formerly a gripman on the McAllister
street line, gave up his job a week ago and has
since been missing. Trie woman Is left with
out friends or funds and has a four-month-old
baby to provide for. She says her husband's
brother Get rge, gripman on the Haight-street
line, is responsible for his desertion. Mrs.
Mitchell is about 22 years old and very pretty.
THE RAILWAY MEN DINE.
Offlreri of the Various California Street
car Lines Confer and Elect
Officer!.
The second annual meeting and banquet
of the members of the Street Railway As
sociation of California took place Tuesday
night at the California Hotel. S. B. Mc-
Lenegan, superintendent of the Ban Fran
cisco and San Mateo road, who is vice
president of the association, presided in
the absence of President Crocker. J. E.
Morris, the secretary and treasurer, E. P.
Vininjr, E. M. Van Frank, H. H. Lynch
and other prominent men were conspicu
ous at the feast.
The meeting was both for the purpose
of considering street railway questions
and enjoying a fraternal meeting, as well
as for the election of annual officers.
Among those present were: Ira Bishop;
E. P. Vandercook, superintendent East
Oakland road ; C. Gustafson, superinten
dent Oakland, San Leandro and Hay
wards road ; J. W. Harris, California
stivef cahle line; A. W. Brown, Park and
Ocean; E. P. Vining, J. C. Ssinner, M. D.
Stein, S. L. Foster, H. A. Idding«, G. H.
Fairchild, Market-street lines; W. Clay-
ton, G. A. Lorintr, T. B. McLenegan,
George. T. Smith, San Mateo line; E. W.
Van Frank, superintendent Butro line; J.
P. Burke, vice-president San Jose and
Santa Clara Railroad; F. W. Ely, Santa
Cruz electric road; X W. Wood, manager
Los Angeles Railway; J. T. Burke, secre
tary Los Angeles Railway; J. A. Light
hope, engineer General Electric Company;
H. H. Lynch. Market-street line; Fred C.
White, East Oakland road ; C. P. Gilbert,
neneral manager Sacramento Electric
Power and Light Company; F. A. Ross,
superintendent at Sacramento.
HIS SPELL IS BROKEN.
Dr. J. M. Thornton Separated
From His Lately Hyp
notized Bride.
A Revolver Dissipated the Entbra.
ment and a Box of Candy Sealed
the Disunion.
Dr. J. M. Thornton, the alleged hyp
notic doctor, has been forced to admit
that his power over his bride of a few days
is over. The speil is broken, the magic
cord of sympathy is snapped.
The happy couple quarreled over their
respective mediumistic powers, and to
test her -independence Mrs. 7 Thornton
withdrew to the paternal roof-tree.
Thither, attended by a police officer, Dr.
Thornton wended last night, and. rapping
at the door, raised a deep basso voice to
order his better haif to return to his side.
But, accordincr to his woeful tale, it was
the barrel of an ugly looking six-shooter
instead of the face of his bride which met
his imperious gaze.
Temporarily withdrawing his forces,
after the manner of the Greeks from Phar
salo?, the doctor and his bodyguard con
sulted, ultimately agreeing upon a new
plan of campaign. The bereaved husband
abandoned his hypnotic voice and resorted
to the old old lure of Eden. The offer of
a box of candy secured the immediate
appearance of Mrs. Thornton, and it was
then the doctor said be had his triumph.
"The die' is ■ cast," he exclaimed with a
magnificent gesture. "Keep your candy,
girl, and remain with your father as long
as you please."
The forces then withdrew in good order,
both sides victorious according to the war
correspondents. " But then the doctor says
the spefUs broken, and he ought to know.
A • — ♦— •
' Broommnkers' Union. ? v
The Broommakers' International Union No.
18, a new labor body, has recently obtained
its charter from the East. It came into ex
istence with twenty-five charter members, and
now thirty-five are on in roll. The officers
are: President, W. Bturgors; vice-president,
Mathew Woods: secretary, J. J. Fischer; treas
urer, F. H. Romp; sergeant-at-arms, Judson
Plater. There are not ten white broommakers
in the City outside of the union, whose mem
bership has extended over San Francisco, Oak
land. Berkeley and Alameda. The purpose of
the organization is principally to keep the
trade out of the hands of the Chinese, who are
beclnning to come into this field. There »ro
about five white broom factories in this City,
and the union wants them to get the union
label for tneir goods, ro as to be able to compete
with the Chinese product
Recommended to Mercy.
William McL?od, charged with manslaugh
ter on the allegation that he caused the death
of his wife without malice, was convicted by a
jury In Judge Cook's court, with a strong
recommendation to the mercy of the court.
HELPED TO SAVE
HIS COUNTRY
Helen Gardener's Father
Led Troops Through
Virginia.
Freed His Slaves Before the War
and Becam? an Exile
Voluntarily.
Reading by the Authoress of a Touch
ing Story of the War for
the Unioa.
There was just what would be called a
light attendance in Golden Gate Hall last
night to hear Mrs. Helen Gardener lecture
on "Lincoln in me Civil War." Instead
ol a lecture it was a reading, but it was
just as well enjoyed by tne ladies who
came there to see the authoress and hear
her voice. It was unmistakably a
Woman's Congress gathering.
Such gatherings as these, up to about
fifteen or twenty years ago, were com
posed of ancient ascetic and acetic women,
rarely married and never moihprs, hearsed
in somber black gowns with bonnets des
titute of coloror ornament; malephobiacs
who shrieked their contempt alike for the
virtues of domesticity and tne graces of
femininity.
Such wa3 the Old "Woman, clamoring
for rights sucerior to those accorded by
society to her brothers, but last night
showed the New Woman of the new era
in her glory and invested with all the
fascinations of her sex. Tne New Woman
does not look down upon th.it brilliant bit
uf artistic frivoliy, the Easter bonnet,
save when it lies in her palm on the day
of purchase, and last night it bloomed
and blushed and nodded in all the cheer
in 1 ? beauty of the gladsome spring.
But the New Woman stands ui> for the
rights which have been denied her in the
present scheme of civilization, and insists
that in intellect and in executive ability
she is nt least the equal of man.
The New Woman "still has the habit of
coming in late, and when 8 o'clock came
not twenty were present, but a quarter of
an hour later there was quite a respectable
showing. Then Mrs. Jo F. Swifi aa
vanced to tbe front of ihe platform and
coldly announced that the Mayor had been
expected to attend and introduce Mrs.
Gardener to the people, but that a3 the
time had passed they would not wait any
longer.
Mrs. Gardener, in cream-colored some
thing and lace, was greeted with kind ap
piause. Instead of a lecture she pave a
reading, with slavery and the Civil War
as the motive of the selection, Aoraham
Lincoln and a patriotic parson being the
pivotal characters.
The reading was from one of Mrc Gar
dener's own worts, believed to be a work
of fiction, but it turned out that the char
acters were real persons and that the story
was from life. Griffith Davenport, a min
ister of the Gospel by choice and slave
owner by inheritance, by marriage and
against his choice, leaves Vrginia after a
long struggle with himself and turns his
slaves free on the hospitable soil of the
North.
Shortly after the terrible disasters of
Balls Bluff and Bull Run Davenport was
asked by Governor Oliver P. Morton of
Indiana and President Lincoln to lead the
Northern soldiers through tb* rugged and
almost unknown defiles of Western Vir
ginia. What the persuasive powers of
Governor Morton had failed to accomplish
was effected by the moving appeal of the
President.
The story is welt told and abounds in
pathetic touches, which were read very
well by tbe authoress, bat the flashes here
and there of cower occurring in the inter
view between the I'resident and the par
son were too bold and rugged for the
tenderness and delicacy of the speaker's
styie.
Captain Day of the United Slates army
made a few remarks on the subject of the
story.
New interest was added to the reading
by the announcement made by the hus
band of Mrs. Gardener that Griffith Dav
enport, the hero of the story, was Mrs.
Gardener's own father and that the story
was a true one.
Mrs. Gardener will lecture in the same
place this evening, under tbe auspices of
the Women's Congress. Her subject will
be "Sex in Brain."
It is said tbat women are not permitted
to b» photosraplied in China.
NEW TO-DAT.
KIDNEY TROUBLES
Oared by Lydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound,
Also Backache*
I cannot speak too highly of Mrs.
Pinkham's Medicine, for it has done so
much for me. I have been a great suf-
ferer from Kidney trouble, pains in
muscles, joints, back and shoulders;
feet would swell. I also had womb
troubles and leucorrhoea. After using
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound, and Blood Purifier and Liver
Pills, I felt like a new woman. My
kidneys are now in perfect condition,
and all my other troubles are cured. —
Mrs. Maggie Potts, 324 KauffmanSt.,
Philadelphia, Pa.
Backache.
My system was entirely run down,
and I suffered with terrible backache
in the small of my back and could
hardly stand upright. I was more
tired in the morning than on retiring
at night. I had no appetite. Since
taking Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound, I have gained fifteen pounds,
and I look better than I ever looked
before. I shall recommend it to all
my friends, as it certainly is a wonder-
ful medicine. — Mrs. E. P. Morton, 1043
Hopkins St., Cincinnati, Ohio.
Kidney Trouble.
Before taking Lydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound, I had suffered
many years with kidney trouble. The
pains in my back and shoulders were
terrible. My menstruation became ir-
regular, and I was troubled with leu-
corrhoea. I was growing very weak. I
had been to many physicians but re-
ceived no benefit. I began the use of
Mrs. Pinkham's medicine, and the first
bottle relieved the pain in my back
and regulated the menses. It is the
besf kind of medicine that I have ever
taken, for it relieved the pain so quickly
and cured the disease. — Mrs. Lillian
Cbifpen, Box 77, St. Andrews Bay, Fla.
?v THE emporium;. '
IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE
GREAT SALE OF THE DOANE &
HENSHELWpOD DRY GOODS
STOCK WE OFFER AN
Eastern Manufacturer's
$30,000 Stock of
Men's and Boys Spring
Clothing at Half Price.
. Men's All-Wool Suits.. . .$3.95 •
Boys' All-Wool Suits.. 1.25
Boys' Long-Pants Suits. 3.35
Men's Fine Dress Pants. 1.95
Mother's Friend Waists.. .50
And a hundred other equally as
good values in reliable clothing.
This is good Wool
Clothing. Can you buy
| shoddy even for prices
as low as these?
/^=v These stylishly
\^Y cut, carefully. taiT :
vjh^Qs. ored Wool Sack
/ js \ Suits for Men — ma-
-/ L \ ) terial a Tweed Mix-
>/ l\J: / ture in seven popu-
1/ I \^fv * ar s P r ' n & c °l° r i n g s
"IA ?r J — made to sell for
I I II $7.50. \ The Sale
I Price only
1 1! $3.95.
fit ijpsJeZjrsJm
These neat /^-n\
and serviceable \tzz\J
Wool Suits for JK^T
Boys 4 to 14 /^yyy\
years old — gray / \ poJ
or brown mix- \'\\ 0 o \
tures that will NJH| |o ©rj \ '
not show the- j \<i^
dust — would be — J — T
a bargain at //' \l
$2.50. Sale Price UJ V]
$1.25. § \
r~*V. All-Wool Long-
Pants Suits, like
>^m)L picture — for Boys
f^^-i \I2 All -Wool Long-
Pants Suits, like
picture — for Boys
12 to 19 years — in
\s> * A/jA Blue Cheviots and
? A «=4/ Handsome. Mixed
/ 1 \ I Effects — our regu-
X y lar price for Suits
/ f\\ of this grade $8.50.
I \ The Sale Price
THE .EMPDRUJM.
0000-0-00000-0-00
AN EXCELLENT
•JC WTT7 A T Properly prepared and
l\/| r* ** I promptly served, can
LHi.M-JkJL IJL/ always be obtained in
THE GRILL ROOM OF THE
Decidedly the nA T A /^T™»
Most Popalar X ALACK
Dining Apart- *. * *»L^X L\>J^
ment in town. MHBRoanannMaaHM
0000000000000
Dr.Dolierty's.^e
Class of Cases Treated.
mHEMKDICAI> AND SURGICAL DISEASES
1 of I MEN, PRIVATE and CHKOMC DIS-
EASKS, the KRRORB of YOUTH. LOST MAN-
HOOD, BLOOD DfSEASKS, from any cause,
KIDNFY and 3i£lN DISEASES, and MENTAL
ana PHYSICAL WEAKNESS privntelv, speedily
and peimaneDily cured. Thirty years' practical
experience. < onsuitatlon free. Charges reasot-
able. Patients in the country cured at home, call
or address ■
DR. W. K. DOHEKTY,
850 Market Street, San Francisco.
PCalebeater'a EifUik Plaaand BraaA.
ENNYROYAL PILLS
-<S»*~V ' Original aad Only Oennlne. A
j- ./ft ! '^\ ** FC - alwmri relUbl*. L«o«nli\
f*j\\ \ \M DrogslH ror CMchuttft gngluk Dia-£J\\
hf*SiffQm^moTj Brand In Ked and '.rid mi t»l!ie\\jy
T-V — T>EWbox»ii. sealsd with bine ribbon. Take VB' ,
1M 41^ H<]bo other. Refute dangtrou* nihstitu- V
I 7 — tiont ar.d imitation: At Dngfiift, or n4U
|U -If in sumpi for p»rtienl»n, tMtimonlHi nl
\yg» B " R«Uef for Ladle*," in letter, b 7 ntin
i J^ Tr Mall. 10.000 Tciiimool»li. Xmmt F*ptr.
V^— •rCWehe.t^r Chemical O«.,M>dl*a« *«uf*
*d by »U Local Prugclitf. , 111 LA DA., JP4»
3DK,. WONO •WOO,
Chine*,. Drag, Tea and Herb Sanitarium,
776 Clay, Bet. Kearny and Unpont.
1 bave long been a sufferer from .. ■ ym%. .
troubles cf tbe stomacb. liver nnd BE i^LV
kidneys. The medicines of tbe dif- J^^P ■
ferent doctors who treated me I _^ ,^f
only aggravated the disease. In Rr* 3
eight weeks Dr. Wong Woo, the lt£ 7 V ".
I Chinese doctor, fucceeded in T**<<TL
bringing about a perfect cure. and. /^AHk'
lam now in ihe tost of health. I |Mn|H|PPBWF
recommecded him to my i-ountry- fi'/AfvjtJ'WW
men, the Italians.— amadeo ik- 'WMUljfmi
bomct. 1801 Mission stree 1 . : ' *< . - .
Hours-9:SO to 11 a. m., 1:30 to 3, 7 to 9 p,ic.
BBu *Uc7villl ™re Tiiroat, Pimplea. CopperJß
KHAIt'IUU Colored Spots, Aches, Old Scres.H
BfUlcers ia Uouth, Hair-Falling! Write COOKB
HbEKEOT CO., 807 51a«onic TempleH
KQChtcairo, 111., lor proofs of cures. Capl-Wi
Hftal, SuOO.OUO. Worst cases cured In 15M
[gto 35 day. 100-page book, free. BBj
S",! OPIUM
The pnr» essential extract from tbe native dmg. Con.
tains all the valuable medicinal properties of Opium
without 'ts noxlou* elements. No dcknen cf stomach t
no Tomlting >no costiTcne;s mo h"* Thf All r>r "Cir'* i
56
CHr* «_„, (ML
sTtCRDaY ~ MAY 8, 1897
CHARLES M. SHORTRIUUK,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
pally «Dd Sunday Call, one week, by carrier. .$0.15
Daily and Sunday Call, one year, by mall — 6.00
Dally and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 3.00
Pally end Sunday Call, three months by mail 1.60
Pally and Sunday Call, one month, by mail.. .65
bunday Call, one year, by mail 1-60
W ktjtLV Call, oue year, by mall 1.60
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
c an Fnncitco, California.
leleph.n. . M.ala-1888
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
61? Clay Street.
Telephone Maln-1874 i
BRANCH OFFICES:
627 Montgomery s.reet, corner Clar; open nntll ;
B:SUo\lock
SB9 Hayes street; open nntll 9:30 o'clock.
615 1-arkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
fc\V. corner Slxieenlii juiU ilissiou »ireei*. open '
until 9 o'clock.
i6lB illssion street, open nntll 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth street, open until 9 o'clock.
1605 Polk street; open un.il 9;3U o'clock.
KW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
ttreeta; cpen till 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICB:
BJB Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Booms 81 «nd 32, 84 Park Kow. Sew Ym\c City, i
DAVIP M. FOLTZ, Eastern Manager.
ihE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL-
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are you poing to the country on a vacation ? If
to. It is do trcuble for us to forward THE CALL to
your address. Do not let it miss you for you will
miss It. Orders given to the carripr or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
>O EXTKA CHARGE.
The Turk is now ready to take a contract
to wipe off the earth.
When it comes to diplomacy Greece can
put up a better game.
The Balboa-avenue fund continues to bo
a l:ve issue which demands attention.
General Miles may possibly expect to get
to the war before it is over by means of a
flying machine.
Salisbury says the Turkish empire may
improve or it may collapse, and Salisbury
is a very w;se man.
The nn'y way to make sure of getting
The trvxr>AY Cam. is to leave orders for ii
to-day. A word to ibe wise is sufficient.
The Nashville Exposition has the credit
of showing up the first flying machine,
and to that extent inaugurates a new era.
The people who saw the flying machine
in various States, counties and cities can
now have the satisfaction of saying "I
told you so."
As Prince Constantino of Greece is re
ported to have left his baggage in the
retreat from Pharsalos we may conclude
he has lost bis grip.
It is said to have co t Kentucky $100,000
to elect Deboe to the Senate, and perhaps
after all he would have been willing to
take the office for half the money.
"Let the visitors go first," said the
Duchesse d' Aiencon at the burning bazaar
in Paris, and straightway she became
first in heroism among ail who perished
there.
The municipal deficit is not so attractive
a subject as park extension, but never
theless every taxpayer ha< an interest in
it ami most of them have opinions oa the
subjsct.
About the only thing on which Euro
pean nations are agreed is that they do not
wish to fight, and after ail that is about
as good an agreement as they could
come to.
The powers of Europe are indifferent to
the Greek people, bat they are resolved
to maintain the dynasty. To them the
kingdom is of much less importance than
the crown.
Weyler's report that he has pacified
several provinces in Cuba may have been
intended to counteract the reports of his
barbarity by showing that he is something
of a humorist.
In the prevailing hope of prosperity all
round the Union it is regretable to learn
from the literary centers that the year's
crop of poetry is likely to be much below
tne average. The output up to date has
been hardly middling.
Baseball reporting has become a fine
art. Here is a sample of the way it was
recently done in Npw York :
Keel»r landed on the snheroid
With a en I. resounding whaclc,
And the lkilr man was resting
feafe on third when It came back.
The new tariff proposes to take chicle off
the free Hit and put a duty of 10 cents a
pound on it, and as all chewing gum in
America lias chicle for a base thera is
likely to be more chewing over this tariff
than any other in the history of our
country.
At the recent dedication of a church for
colored people in Georgia many of the
congregation had no money to put in the
contribution-box, xo they introduced an
innovation by Kiving *ggs. It is to be no
ticed that the gifts roused no suspicion of
nny wrong done to the neighbors who
kept chickens.
In all the discussions of the outflow of \
gold there is not one evidence given of
any feeling of alarm, and when this is
contrasted with the fear which prevailed
over the goid exports when the Democrats
ware in power, it will be seen that the '
McKinley administration has gone a long i
way toward bringing back prosperity by ;
assuring public confidence in the financial
situation.
A correspondent of tiie New York Times
in reviewing tie industrial conditions of
the Southern States notes there has been
a large decrease in the number of hired
laborers in the country and a large in
crease of tenant farmers. This is the first
step, and when the tenants become own
ers of their small farms the revolution
from the old to the new South will have
been fully accomplished.
A number of genial citizens of New
York on thoughts of p'easure bent bought
a ca?k of liquor wherewith to enjoy them
selves, but all their hopes were dashed
when they were informed that unuer the
Raines law they could not diride it
among themselves in quantities of less
than five gallons without taking out a
license, under penalty of being sent to
jail. The citizens have the cask still on
hand, and are pondering whether to or
ganize us a liquor company and take out a
license or venture upon the experiment of
taking five gallons at a drink and go on
With the picnic.
DEMOCRATIC TACTICS.
From the vote of the Democrats in the House of Representatives on a resolution
providing that the House shall meet only on Mondays and Thursdays until further
action, it is evident Mr. Baiiey and his friends have decided to change the policy they
adopted at the beginning of the session and hereafter will oppose the Republican plan
of undertaking no legislation until after the tariff has been enacted.
In voting against the resolution the Democrats followed the lea^. of Jerry Simpson.
They allied themselves with the Populists and added the full strength of their vote to
the agitators who have been attempting for weeks past to disturb the proceedings of
the House, and who have tried by every means in their power to cast odium upon the
Speaker. It was a complete surrender of Bailey and his conservatives to the sockioss
j statesman of Kansas and a triumph of the wild colts over the attempt to establish
disciuline in the party.
The new alliance and the new policy are not matters of much concern, since the
combined forces will not be sufficient to materially affect legislation. In the vote on
the resolutions providing for meetings only twice a week the combined opposition had
but 83 votes against 10L It formed a considerable minority, but one which will not
be strong enough to prevent the carrying out of the policy of the majority under the
direction of so able and competent a leader as Speaker Reed. The only significance of
the vote, therefore, is that it makes clear the fact that tbe Democrats of the House of
Representatives will hereafter be led by radicals instead of conservatives, and tliat it
has not within itself sufficient wisdom or discipline to maintain the course which it
undertook at the beginning of tbe session.
It is possibla that this change of tactics on the part of the Dumocrats of the House
may imply a similar change on tbe part of those in the Senate. If this should be so
we niay look for a lo;ig wrangle over the tariff bill instead of the prompt and rational
legislation which the country hoped for and which at one time seemed well assured.
Ii is another warning that we cannot expect good service from Democracy even in
opposition. The capacity for blundering upon which General Grant remarked
has not diminished since his time. The only consolation is that obstructive
tactics on the part of the Democrats now, whiie they may injure the country much by
delaying ihe bill and the settlement of the tariff question, will be a benefit later on by
convincing the people of the folly of trusting National Democracy in any capacity
whatever.
GETTING THE FACTS.
The Examiner of yesterday made an ac
knowledgment of the superiority of our
news service over its own with such frank
ness, candor and completeness as to merit
recognition. On the previous day both
The Call and the Examiner contained
reports of the Huntington banquet, but
they differed widely in every respect, and
the Examiner of yesterday, feeling called
upon to deliver editorial comment upon
the affair, lound itself in a position where
it hail to decide whethpr its own account
or that in The Call was the true one.
The editorial writers attested the ex
cellence of their judgment by ignoring
the Examiner news report as a worthless
fake and basing the whole of their criti
cism upon the account given by The Call.
It is scarcely necessary for us to say the
editorial department of the Examiner acted
wisely in accepting the report of 1 he Call
as being correct. It is not often, however,
that even wisdom leads a newspaper to so
openly acknowledge and confess the
worthiessness of its news service and the
utter unreliability of everything which it
reports as a fact, it is the rarity of such
open confessions on the part of sensa
tional journals that gives importance to
this action of our contemporary and lends
us to accord it more than ordinary recog
nition.
We trust nobody will regard this notice
of the acknowledgment of the superiority
of our news service as vain boasiing on
our part or as having in it any suggestion
of sarcasm. It Is meant only as a kindly
acknowledgment the candorof the man
agers of the Examiner in admitting that
wlierj they desire to know the truth they
read The Call. Their own clever writer!
are not sent out to gather news, but are
allowed to sit at their desks and write out
"in meditation fancy free" dispatches
from the Emperor of China, interviews
with a Chinese dignitary, locating him in
San Francisco when he happens to be in
Havana, and giving accounts of each
local events as the Huntington banquet
without learning the facts.
To people who reai newspapers, not for
idie amusement, but for the purpose of
knowing what is going on in the world,
the moral of this confession on the part of
the Examiner ia too plain lo require
stating. Tnnse who wish to learn the
facts and to acquire an accurate knowl
edge of current events must read The
Call. The editors of the Examiner are
aware of this and never venture to com
ment, criticize or pronounce judgment on
anything going on either at home or
abroad until they have first thrown their
own fake paper in the wastebask6t and
read The Call, in order 10 acquaint them
selves with the truth.
THE DUOHESS D'ALENCON.
It is oneof tbe consolationsof humanity
that whenever a ereat disaster falls upon
any considerable number of men and
women, there is always displayed by
some among tbe number of the victims a
heroism of soul which attests the gran
deur of mankind even amid the greatest
trials, ana proves the .saying of General
Robert E. Lee, "Human virtue can al
ways be equal to human calamity."
In the dread disaster which befell the
! cay and fashionable throne at the charity
bazaar in Paris, this evidence of nobility
of soul nml true grandeur of sentiment
w»s shown by the Duchess d'Alencon.
i When the flames broke forth and the shouts
lof "fire" were heard, one of the ladies stand
■ ing near the Duchess turned to her with
j the cry: "Let us go, Madame. Come
I immediately !" The Duchess, however,
! did not move, but answered the appeal
■ with the calmness of a grande dame, "Let
| the visitors go first." It was a simple
i saying, but under the appalling circum
stances it was sublime.
It is evident the Duchess was one
! of those rare women whom we lite to iru
| ngrine as the type of genuine aristocracy.
I A true granda dame, who understood to
1 the fullest extent tho meaning of the
phrase "Noblesse oblige," and who lived
|up to it, her courtesy was not a mere
1 matter of conventional manners. It wa
\ an outcome of the instincts of a noble na
i tu:e, finely bred and finely accomp.ished.
It was an aspiration of the soul as well as
the practice of a habit, and bespoke a
! woman who in every respect was well
| worihy to wear a coronet and to rank
I among the aristocracy of a great nation.
"Let the visitors go first." These words,
| uttered amid a panic-stricken crowd in a
! builoing wrapped in names and scarcely
I heard among the shrieks of despair, de
; serve to be remembered among those
! immortal phrases which bear to men and
i women from generation to generation the
I evidences of the truth of the saying of the
| Psalmist: "For tbou bast made him a
little lower than the aneels, and hast
j crowned him with glory and honor." The
I glory is that man has been ere 'ted with a
soul superior to every possible disaster
that may befall him, and the honor is that
even his mortal body has tbe courage to
show forth the nature of his soul and act
in accordance with its high requirements.
Tbe horror of the great calamity at
! Paris will sooner or Inter pas" away, but
| it is not likely that the world will ever
I forget tbe heroism of this woman who
stood aside to let the visitors co first from
the flaming building. The world has now
another heroine to rank among those
whom it honors; and wherever and when
ever tbe tale of this story shall be told
there wiil not fall to be words of praise
and honor to the true grande dame, the
noblewoman, tbe Duchess d'Alencon.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 8, 1897.
SALISBUEY'S SPEECH.
The address of Lord Salisbury ai the an
nual meeting of the Primrose League at
Albert Hall, in London, mu.-t have
forcibly recalled to the laree audience
which assembled in that vast, building the
loss which England sustained by the
death of Benjamin Disraeli, in honor of
whose immory the Primrose League was
formed. No man can say wliai manner
of speech Disraeli wouid have made at
such a crisis in the affairs of England and
of Europe as the war In the Levant has
raised, but every man can be certain it
would have been widely different in tone
and sentiment from that of the noble
Lord who has succeeded him in ollice
without filling his place in the service of
his country.
Disraeli always had a definite policy for
England and was always able to express
it in language which, while it excited to
fiercer neat the opposition of iiis iocs,
never failed to carry hope and courage to
his friends. A speech from him on such
an occasion as this wouid have roused all
England and had a potent influence
throughout Europe. Salisbury's address,
however, was hardly more than such as
might have been delivered at a tea party
by a man who was talking of something
of which he knew little and on which he
lias not made up his mind one way or
another.
To a world waiting to know what is to
be done for the solution of the dangerous
problem in the Levant, Lord Salisbury
could offer nothing but the vaguest ex
pressions of a uope that all would go well.
"Tnere has been," he Baid, "great fear
that any outbreak in the southeast of
Europe might lead to a general blaze, but
it is hoped the danger is past, and that we
may look calmly on the larger interests
involved." He had no reason to furnish
as a bams on which this hope is to rest,
and could only say the proofs of strength
given by the Turkish Government may
lead ta an improvement in t c empire or
it maybe the empire will collapse.
This was* all which the Prime Minister
of England had to say to ttie people wait
ing with eager expectancy to Know what
part England is to play in the mighty
drama now going on in the Levant. It
vras the speech of a temporizer, a time
server, and a waiter on events lather than
of a leader of a great people and of a
statesman having a policy which he re
garded as best for the interests of the em
pire, and wh.ch he was resolved to carry
out in the face of any and all obstacles.
It was not necessary for Lord Salisbury
to tell us the Ottoman empire may im
prove or that it may collapse. That much
was very well known belore. What was
expected from a man in Salisbury's posi
tion was a definite statement of what
England will do to maintain justice in the
Levant, and enforce reforms upon the
Sultan. Truly the Primrose Leacue has
ample reason to commemorate Benjamin
Disraeli and to mourn his death.
IF
If any litile word of mine
May make a life the brighter,
If any lut.e song of mine
May make a heart the lighter,
God nelp mo speaic the little word,
And taWe my bit of singing.
And drop It In some oneiy vale,
To sei trie echoes ringing.
If any little love of mine
May male a . ifa the sweeter,
If any 1 ttle care of mine
May make a friena'j ihe fleeter.
If any little lift of mine my ease
'1 h- burden of another,
God clve me love and care and strength
lo help my tolling brother.
Rome (v«.) Masonic Herald.
MLN AND WOibEN.
Triplet* born in the household of Mr. and
Mr. Louis Hard of Carnegie, Pa., last week
have been named McKinley, Hobart and
Hanna.
John W. Greaton, the well-known chemist
and metallurgist who invented the alloy used
in the nickel 5-cent piece*, died last week at
his home in Brooklyn.
Daniel Bell of Gilsum, N. H., has been a
steady reader of a Concord paper for over sixty
years, ana has just renewed his subscription
for another twe.vc mouths.
After the doctors had given up a New Jersey
man who was dying of hiccoughs, he was
cured by eating a dull of icecream, which he
craved as a last boon before bidding a final
adieu to the world.
A nephew of the King of Slam is a military
cadet at Woolw.ch, England, and one of the
King's sons, who is preparing to enter the
British navy at Greenwich, has won his way
to tiie heart of the English by his skill as a
football player.
Cecil Rhodes, according to the London
Chronicle, has decided once more to apply his
mind to coffee-growing on a colossal scale in
the Shire highlands of Central Africa. Long
years ago he was a cofl'ee-planier in Natal, but
discarded the life for the more exciting one of
diamond-hunting at Kimberley.
Queen Victoria has astonished the visitors at
Nice by her hardihood in driving in the open
air in all kinds of weather. In the face of
driving rains, which keep almost every one
elie indoors, the Queen drives about in her
unpretentious carriage, noticeable only for
the Scot on the box, apparently enjoying the
severe temperature.
CLOUDS AS WEAPONS OF WAR.
It is coolly proposed by SL P. Rtehm, says
Geographic, to make "war in the clouds," an
eminently Olympian proposition. The propo
sition is explained as follows: "It is well
known that the vapors of ammonia, when
they encounter those of hydrochloric acid,
form ammonium chloride (sal ammoniac),
which appears as a thick cioud of small par
ticles. It has occurred to M. Riehm to utilize
this property in a new engine of war. He in»
closes the acid and ammonia in separate re*
cepiacles, in a (.hell ; when the shell bursts the
mixture generates clouds hat envelop the
enemy ana obscure his vision. This is pur
posely complementary to the smokeless pow
der now generally used; but how many of
these projectiles would bJ iiecrssaiy to en
velop an army corpb in smoke? Tne author
does not tell us. aird it is doubtful if he will
find sufficiently trusting amateurs to put his
invention into practice on a large scale.
PERSONAL.
John \V. Howell of Merced is at the Lick.
Dr. Rufus Willard of Keattle is at the Russ.
J. K. Clark of Butte, Mont., is at the Palace.
S. Dixon of Riverside is at the Cosmopoli
tan.
W. if. Hatton, Ihe attorney, of Modesto, is a
recsnt arrival here.
B. P. Taylor, a cigar merchant of San Jose, is
at the Cosmopolitan.
L. Katz, owner of a general store at Sutter
Creek, is in the City.
F. O'Keeie, a vlueyardist of Fresno County,
is at the Cosmopolitan.
J. Satchel and G. C. Smith, of Seattle, are at
the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
District Attorney E. A. Freeman of Amador
County is in Sau Francisco.
H. J. Stow of Reading, Eiißland, is here on
bis way home from Australia-
Isaac R. Wise of Prescott, Ariz., and Miss
Wise are visiting San Francicco.
W. F. Patterson, a well-to-do business man of
Vancouver, B. C, Is at the Palace.
R. T. Burr, a business man of Yuma, Ariz,,
is here, accompanied by Mrs. Burr.
Murk. L. McDonald, the giant capitalist of
Sau;a Ruga, is making a short visit here.
Waiter Burke of Christcburch, N*. Z., is at
the California. He is on his wi:y to London.
Joiiah Bell, who is interested in different
kinds of business at Eureka, is at the (jia'.id
li. W. Heilon, owner of ft largo creamery
near Volta, is here, accompanied Ly his w.fo.
D. B. Chandler, owner 01 a lumber-yard at
Elmirn, is down on a business triy and is at
the Lick.
C. J. Lee of Quincy, I'lumas County, owner
of a general store and mining interests, is at
the Ru«s.
N. W. Wrieht, an extensive farmer and dray
man ol Los Banos, was among yesterday's ar
rivals here.
H. Fredrickson, a weallhv rancher of Hum
boldt County, who lives near Eureka, is among
tho arrivals at the Russ.
J. J. Livernaßh. editor and owner of the
Ht-aldsburg Enterprise, is at the Russ. He is
down only for a brief vlsiu
Simon Blum, the well-known grain and gen
eral merchandise dealer ana land-owner of
Martinez, of the firm of Blum Brothers, is at
the Grand.
H. C. Nash, formerly private secretary to
Senator Stanford and now librarian of the
Stanford University, is a visitor here and is at
tbe California.
Charles Markell, one of the largest mer
chants and importers in Sydney, is at the
Occidental. He is an American and formerly
lived in Boston.
Commander W. H. Whiting of the United
Slates navy, Washington, 1). C, arrived here
yesterday, accompanied by Mrs. Waiting,
child and nurse.
Brigadier-General W. R Shatter, who is en
route here Irom Washington, D. C, and who is
soon to be transferred to Fort Vancouver, wi.l
be given a farewell reception at the Picsidio.
A. T. Mitchell, who owns mining interests at
Rossland, B. C, has come out ol the snows
which linger about there and is here to sam
ple the California sunshine and attend to
some business matters.
Sheriff T. M. Brown of Huraboldt County,
who has occupied his present official position
for so long that he is one of the most widely
known of Pacific Coaot sher.ffs, is in the City.
He brought down an insane person for incar
ceration in one of the asyiums.
Arthur Berrell of Sydney, N. S.W.,one of
the 6onior partners In the widely Known book
publishing house of (Jordon & Gotch, London,
which has branches throughout the various
Australian and New Zealand colonies and
India, is in the City. He stopped while en
route here for a weeK iv Samoa.
Thomas 11. Rosa of the Sydney Sunday Times
ai:d Sydney Referee is here on his way to
England. He Bays (he question of federation
is 6till an important one in Australia, but one
of tbe obstacles to be adjusted is an estimate,
to be agreed upon by the countries con
cerned, of the respective values of their rail
ways.
Ex- Assistant District Attorney Mark Walser
of Fresno, who has resided there a number of
years, and become well known in his profes
sion, and who is now in this City, has de
cided to loca c permanently In San Francisco.
For some little time he has been making his
arrangements to that end, and his visit is now
to arrange for some of the details. He thinks
he will remove here about June 1.
D. T. Davies of Tacoma, superintendent of
the Carbonado coal mnes near the base of
Mount Tncoma, which mines have long been
owned by the Pacific Improvement Company
of this City, is at the Palace, accompanied by
Mrs. Davies. Mr. Davies has long been in
charge of trie Carbonado mines. He is one of
the early residents in that vicinity, having
settled tr.ere when Tacoma was a squalid
hamict, known only as a mill town.
J. H. Cooke, a wealthy gold-mine owner of
Coolgardie, who not long since was lucky
enough to make a big mineral discovery, is at
the California, accompanied by Mrs. Cooke, Miss
Cooke and Miss Vera Cooke. They are going
to England. Miss Cooke and Dr. Casey, of
the Alameda, became engaged during the long
voyage, and this marriage, it is stated, will
soon take piace here. They had never met till
the family of the mining king came aboard at
Auckland.
F. \V. Bradley, superintendent of the
Bunker Hill and Sullivan silver and lead
mines at Wardner. in the Cceur d'Alene coun
try. Idaho, arrived here yesterday. These
mines are very extensive, and are heavy pro
ducers of lead as well as a reasonable amount
of silver. General Nat H. Harris, whose office
is in the Crocker building, is the general man
ager ot these mines. He succeeded his nephew,
Jack Hammond, wheii he went to Africa. Mr.
Bradley is down to stay a week or two at least.
£. Jacobs, the great land-owner of Tulare,
who owns 65,000 acres near Visalia, much of
which is highly productive wheat and barley
laud, is at the Occidental. Mr. Jacobs has
lived at Visalin ior over forty years. Boon
after he fettled there he begun merchandizing
extensively, but after a number of years, hav
ing acquired large areas of land, he quit Kill
in st wares of difltyeut kinds and engaged in
growing wheat by wholesale. It would take a
good many figures to represent his fortune.
He is here on business and pleasure com
bined.
CALIFORNI N IN NEW YORK
NEW YORK, N. V., May 7.— At the St. Cloud,
E. K. Murphy; Manhattan— A. 8. Baldwin, G.
T. Marve Jr. ; Hoffman— J. V. Colcman, C. 11.
Croydon; Amsterdnm, J. Birmingham; Murray
Hill— Bisiiop Newman, D. Newman; Savoy.
Miss J. Samuels. Tbe Kaiser Wilhelm II taken
out to Home and Southern Europe and the
Holy Lands Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Brown of Li g
Angelis, Miss Corbettof Riverslrlo, Miss Ann a
L. Cockins, Sister Seraphina, Sister Pla, Mlsh
Cora A. McDonald. Dr. J. J. Muller 101 l Ihu
St. Cloudjto sail for Europe.
WI.H YoUrt COFFEE
••And did the groom kiss tho bridef '
"Oh, yes."
"Before everybody?"
"No; after everybody except the nexton and
organist."— Pittsburg Post.
"Why does a woman always buy her postage
stamps tnree at a time?"
"So as to get pennies in change, of course."
"What does she want to get pennies for?"
"Well, that makes it seem more like a bar*
gain."— Chicago Journal.
Englishman— l see that a man was robbed in
Central Park in broad daylight. Such things
don' 1 happen in London.
New Yorker— l suppose not, I've heard that
broad daylight is a Tery rare occurrence
there.— Puck.
"Flour has gone up 10 cents a barrel."
"That's all right; we buy ours by the sack."
Chicago Record.
• — » — «
Town Crier
Ib all right in to-day's Newt Letter.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
To-morrow The Call will reproduce in fac-simile a copy of the Boston Qazette dated March
12, 1770. The faded and stained old newsp per contains the first news account of the Boston
massacre that was printed by any local paper. This adds iv a vast measure to the value of the
relic, which under any circumstances would b» exceedingly interesting for Its great age alone
and es a means of comparing modern journalism with the journalism of the fathers.
S ime years ago a lot of fake copies of this historic newspaper were printed. They were
creased and rubbed with stains in order to give them an appearance corresponding with the
false date which they bore. Then they were offered to the public as original copies of the
famous paper and its historic news story. And some of them were sold uuder this misrepre
sentation, the purchasers realizing the great value of them without perceiving their un
genuineness.
But under a close inspection these imitations turn out to be very Door things after all —
pitiable mockeries of the venerable maUerpieces of news. There are but two of the origi nil
copies (printed on March 12, 1770) left, so far as is known. The copy wuich The Call wil. re
produce to-morrow has b-;en on exhibition in the Smithsonian institution, to which it was tem
porarily loaned by Mr. Randlett of Alameda, in whose family the relic has been au heirloom
for over a hundred years.
There will also be a story of the strangest lynching in the history of California. The scene
is laid in Old Monterey, and the actors in the tragedy are well known— several of them still
living. This story will come as a revelation to many old timers.
Possibly you never knew that deaf-mutes could hold a debate. But they can. In fact, a
number of them did so only a few days ago, and the proceedings were amazing and interesting.
This will be graphically described by Muriel Bailey in The Sunday Call.
"The March of the Stars" is the title of the latest musical composition produced in San
Francisco. The author is Miss Gertrude Spellan and several eminent critics have pronounced
her work to be of a high order of merit. The original score will be reproduced in to-morrow's
Call.
"The Wonderful Flight of a Seagull" is the subject of a bright article sure to interest all.
It is graphically written and furnishes a great deal of valuable information.
Florence Percy Matbeson paid a visit to little Baby Lewis in her home this week. Of
course the visitor said much to interest and please her and will toll all about it in to-morrow's
Call.
De Wolf Hopper was caught returning from a foray on the book stands. What he cap
tured and what he did with his victims will be the subject of a bright article in The Sunday
Call.
John Bonner makes another plea for the State University. This will appear in The
Sunday Call.
The latest discovery in regard to the habits of ants will be mado public for the first time
to-morrow.
Besides the articles already mentioned, Adeline Knapp's "Field Vistas" will appear
brighter than ever. There will be a comparison of ancient and modern Greece, and also a
number of other highly interesting articles.
Then, of course, there will be the Children's page. The little ones know how muaa
pleasure they get out of it, and will be watching for it. Don't disappoint them, ior it will be
exceptionally good.
To sum up, The Sunday Call will be an ideal newspaper. Full of bright features and all
the news of the world that is fit to print.
GRANT AND THE WAR CORRESPONDENTS.
On the eighteenth page of The Call of Sunday, May 2, 1897. was published a military
order from General Grant to General Snerman dated August 8, ISK2, directi-.g the latter to
arrest the Memphis correspondent of the Chicago Times and send him to the Alton military
prison for confinement until the close of the war unless sooner discharged by competent
authority. It seems that Captain Richard P. Thomas, who found the original order among
some waste papers at Memphis soon after, and has had it in his possession ever since, never
knew the identity of the correspondent nor whether he was ever discovered or arrested.
I am perhaps the only person now living who can supply the missing Units of that record.
The correspondent was a Mr. Isham, a brother to the wife of Wilbur F. Storey, the great editor
of the Times. Isham had been an editorial writer on the paper and was sent to the field ag a
war correspondent soon after the battle of Shiloh. At the time of his arrest (for he was
promptly arrested and imprisoned pursuant to that order) he was considered the most
brilliant correspondent in that department. The Times had an immense circulation in the
armies of the Southwest, was very sensational in character and delighted in ieeing how near It
could approach the line of actual disloyalty without incurring its penalty. Mr. I-ham had
been cautioned once or twice before this by General Grant against giving such free range to
his fancy and predicting future movements of the Union troops. His last offense was pub
lishing a "cock and bull" story about some Confederate ironclads at Pensacola, which he
claimed to have received by "grapevine" telegraph throuzh the Southern Confederacy.
About the middle of October, 1802, 1 received a telegram at my home in Milwaukee from
Storey & Worden, proprieiors of the Times, asking lr I could go to the Army of the Tennessee
for them. I replied that I could, and received a second dispatch requesting me to come to
Chicago by the first train. On arriving at the office I was informed that the object of my trip
would be to secure Mr. Isham's release, if possible. I had never seen either Storey or Worden
till then, had no acquaintance with General Grant ot any member of his staff, and at first
objected to the undertaking. The interview ended, however, in my starting at once as a
duly accredited correspondent of the Times to avoid betraying the chief object I had in view-
Before leaving Chicago Messrs. Storey <fc Worden had supplied me with scores of letters
from influential men of the city and .State asking for Isham's release from prison. These I
■ never delivered. I was convinced that General Grant would never read them, and suspected
; that if he was inclined to open the prison door to Isham he would greatly prefer doing so
j without theappearance of outside pressure or Interference. At the first suitable opportunity
I brought the matter to General Grant's attention, and assured him that Mr. Isham's relatives
land friends had no disposition to question the rightfulness of his arrest, but now requested
' his release on the grounds that he had been sufficiently punished and that his family was
j actually dependent on others for daily food, etc. An order for his release was sent off the
I tame day. I have not before me the precise date of his incarceration or release, but
! know that he was in that famous penal institution between three and four months. He was
lost a few years afterward in * great steamboat accident on Lake Michigan.
This was the beginning of a personal intimacy between Geueral Grant and staff and my
self, which scarcely had a day's interruption till the end of the war. I soon changed from the
Times to the New York Herald, and literally rode with Grant from Vlcksbnrg to Appomattox;
was in the room when General Lee surrendered; went a little later on to North Caro.ina and
saw the surrender of General Johnston's army ; and have remained in close touch with such
of the "old" stuil" us survive from that time to this.
The correspondent who furnished you the copy of the order spoke of Grant's method
beintt au easy one to tilence objectors. This needs explanation. My field of experience and
observation was as wide as that of any person alive to-day. I know whereof I speak when I
say that Grant was by far tbe most liberal in allowing publication of news from his fields of
operation of any officer of note which the war produced. He stood on a higher plane from the
outset, and took tbe sensible ground that newspapers must send men of judgment and discre
tion to represent tnem, or suffer the consequences of having them expe.led from the army
All correspondents within hi* commands could say what they pleased nbojt completed opera!
ations — if truthful — but must not indulge in predictions concerning the future. He never
descended to press censorship, nor allowed any member of his staff to do so. Abundant
instancei ;n proof of these allegations ton id be given if necessary.
Full River Mills, May 4, 1897. S. CADWALLADER.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS
Marriage— X. N., City. Marriage is a civil
coturnct, and is so regarded by all the States
of the Union, and as such is regulated by civil
laws which declare who may perform ihe
marriage ceremony. Neither Legislatures nor
Bosrds of Supervisors have the power to pass
any ecclesiastical laws or ordinances.
A Bank in Liquidation— W. F. H., Loi An
geles, Cal. On tne first day of next July or
during the first week in that month the Bank
Commissioners will receive a statement show
ing the condition of the bank in liquidation
named in your communication. As soon as it
is tiled this department will publish the same.
Qceen Victoria's Son— K. M., City. Queen
Victoria of England never had a son whose
name of seven letters commenced with "L
and ended with "E. She had a son named
Leopold born In 1853, creatrd Duke of Albany
in 1881, married Princess Helen of Waldexk
In 1882 and died in 1884. This is irobxbly
the one that you refer to In your communi
cation.
"Grand Orient of Bpain"— C. R., City. There
is no branch of the Ancient Accepted Scottish
Rite of Masonry in the State of California
working under the jurisdiction of the "Grand
Orient of Spain." Suine of the most prominent
Mssinaln thl* City say that they are not
aware tnat there is such an orient as the
"Orient of Spain."
Wreck of the Atlantic— A. S., Sausalito,
Cal. The steamer Atlantic of the White Star
Company utruck on Meagher Rock, west of
Sam Or o, while steaming for Halifax. Four hun
dred and forty-two person*, including Captnin
Williams, the master, were saved and 500
were lout. Many who were in the rigging
perished through cold and want, lhai oc
curred on the Ist of April. 1873.
Cal. glaco lruit 50c per lb., at Townsend'a, '
Fi>kctal Information daily to manufacturer*.
business house* and public men by the Prast
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery '
Mark Ilopkltta Institute of Art.
The spring exhibition is now open daily
irom 0 a. m. to 5 P. M. aud granii concert every
Thursday evening. Open Sundays. •
Complications but wee a France and Germany
aro likely to arlso from the recent fatal explo
sion on the Russian cruiser Cizoi Vel.ky, Ger
man newspaper) asserting that the breech
block blown out was made by Canet, while
French authorities say it was the work of
Krupp. __________^
The Swiftest Train in the West—
•'t'.j (»:«>» to Chicago or St. Louii
-4]4 X>ay« to New York.
Tlin Banta *"c Limited has dining-car, buffet
«molclu«-c»r knd Pullman palace drawing-room
sleapltig-cars. Leaving Ban Francisco at Ir. x.
Montlaya and Thursd connection Is madt at
liMtiow wlili tbls handsome train. Through cars
10 t lilchco, both Pullman palace drawing-room
ami modern upholstered tourist sleepers, run
iliiliy. Tlck-ts also sold via Portland, Ogden, Los
Angeles, Ui-miug or Xl Paso to all DOtnts in the
United States, Canada, Mexico or Europe. See
time table in advertising column. Han * ranclsco
ticket oillc« 644 Market street. Chronicle build
ing. Telephone Main 1531. Oakland, 1118
Broadway. ' • •'. :.:'■-■■.■■ :*." ■ •;' -" ;
- ■ - - •
Railroad licketa to the Knar, via Bio
Grande Western and Denver aud
Rio tirando Railway*,
At lowest possible rates, with through Pultmai
buffet «nd tourist sleeping car service everrd.i/
Personally conducted excursions leaving Toesdar
Wednesday aud Thursday. Unly line permUtlat
slop-over >t Salt Lake City on ail classes of Uclcsti
Detailed Information and tickets furnished <v Li
Montgomery street, or 314 California siriw-
The best cure for colds and affection! of the
breathing organs is Parker's Oinqeb on t ic.
I'akkes's Hair Balsam never fails to please.
String Chickens are not always tender; but
Ay*r's Pills enable the stomach to digest th»
toughest meat.
FRATERNAL DEPARTMENT.
San Francisco Cabinet of the National
Union Passes a Vote of Thanks
to The Call.
At a meeting of San Francisco Cabinet of the
National Union, held last Thursday iiitjht in
its hail in the Alcazar building, a check was
received for the semi-annual allowance.
It was decided to levy the semi-annual per
capita tax upon the various councils at once.
The cabinet will pay an official visit to
Union Council on Friday next. An invitation
was received from California Council to attend
its meeting on the evening of the 16th of June,
when special patriotic exercises will be held.
The tollowing preamble and resolution were
offered and carried by a unanimous vote:
Whfbkas, The Nation*] I'nlon is an organiza
tion who*e ouject is to teach sound patriotism and I
to relieve the pressing wants of a ueedy brother
and protec: the famllv of atleo?ased Dr< ttier, and
whereas, much •uc>>uragement bas been rendered
thin gooil cause by the Kind and liberal rnam.er in
wiilc.i all matters of lntercs: to our members bave
been published recularly in ihe columns of the
San Francisco Call, therefore be it
Jltsolvrct, That we, the San Francisco Cabinet,
composed of delegates from each of the seven coun
cils "f the .National Union in thin City, do hereby
tender the proprietor and .he editors of the -an
>"ranci-co Call a vot» of thanks, and that a copy
of thi< prenmbte and resolution be sent to the Nan
.Kranclso Call, aud we h.pe the libern' manner
lv wnicti it has treated thU aud other »iniH»r or
ders will meet with the appreciation It a enerves
In 'be way of patronage. J. h. Fikld, l'resldent.
J. n. Buntixg. ecr«"tary.
Harmony's Smoker.
Harmony Lodge No. 9, A. O. U. W., gave a
■■dry imokm" and entertainment in the social
ball of the Alcazar building, last Thursday
night It was a dry smoker lor the reason
that it differed from others in tuis that
neither lunch nor liquid refreshments were
served, not even lemonade. The affair was
tinier the direction of E. Haynes, master
workman of the lodge, E. Garbarina, Thomas
Ryan, C. Perm and T. \Y. English, aud it con
s sted of a programme ot elocution and music.
Th-.-re was a large attendance during the early
part or the evening, and mo-e who remained
to the lust were treated to the following
numbers: Overture by Professor Hal], G.
Selo and Dr. Fearn ; -\ocal solo by >i r .
Ainath; recitation, "The Nancy Bell/ Mr.
Nelson of Yerba Buena Lodge; vochl b lo
"The S ng of All Sones," Mr. Fagan oi Noe
V«l ey Lodge; cornet solo, Dr. Fearn ; acdress,
by Dr. Day wait; selections on harmonica, with
zither accompa: iment, Louis F. Kline; vocal
solo, "The V.llage Organist," Profetsor Hall!
recitation and song, John Carter; a i<l ess by
Past Master Joy of Valley Lodge; vocalizuion
byCUucy's Quartet: instrumental music by
the Yerba Bu«-na Lodge brass band; comic
song, "Hugh McHugh," William O'Connell
and William Tnomas. Then addresses were
mado b? D. S. Hirschberg, grand secretary
Judge George H Bahrs, grand overseer, and
Wihiam Vinter, grand master workman. They
explained the workings of the order and
made a strong appeal to youne men to become
members of it.
Pickwick Lodge.
Pickwick Lodge, order Sons of St. George, at
its last meeting had a large attendance, and
among the visitors was Grand President C. VY.
Pope, who delivered an interest ing address.
At the close of the lodge meeting there was a
programme of song aud music, and refresh
ments were ».-rved to all present in ad.iition
to a splendid collation. Tnere was a cornet
solo by William Loyde; pi nno solo. Thomas
Now. an; voca<ization, J. B. Brown. George B.
Rooewen, H. Wil iimson, F. D. Brandon, A,
J.ffreys, Wil.iam T Souev, H. R. Carles, E.
Slack, Mr. Roach; recitations, Dr. S. J. Hun
kin, Mr. West.
Golden State Rebekah Lodge.
It appears that there are other lodges in
this State of tho order of the R^beitahs besides
Loyal Lodge of this City that admits to mem
bership young ladies who are not relatives of
members of the order 01 Odd Fellows. One
is Golden State Rebekah Lodge No. 110 of
Modesto, which was nstituted in 1886 and
which has admitted young ladies who are not
related to Odd Fellows since the passage of the
law permitting the admission cf such mem
bers. Loyal LoUge is the only Ciiy lodge that
receives such members.
DR. LI'S GHOST IS
NOW AT REST
The Estate of the Chinese
Physician Finally
Settled.
Litigation Which Threatened to
Last a Lifetime £uldenly
Conc.uded.
Attorneys J D. Sullivan and R. H.
Couatryman Have Adjusted
Their Differenc s.
Dr. Li Po Tai's ghost that has so lonj?
persisted in disturbing tlie equanimity of
court and counsel in Judge Coffey's de
partment of toe Superior Court has at
last been laid.
Whenever ;he attempted settlement of
the Chinese doctor's estate has come up
for hearing during the past four years
there has been a general controversy
among the lawyers that Judge Coffey has
had some difficulty in restraining within
the bounds of propriety.
Mr. Countryman, who represented
Henry Voornian, a creditor of the estate,
alleged that Public Administrator Freeze,
who succeeded the widow of Li Po Tai as
mar.Bgerof the property, has not exer
cised proper diligence i guarding the in
terests of the es;ate and particularly oOM
plainsthathe has not attempted to re
cover lroni .Mrs. Tai the moneys which
she is alleged to have expended unlaw
fully"on account of the funeral oi the de
cedent. It appears that the obsequies
were extended over several days, but tbe
court struck out all the items txcept those
pertaining 10 the first day, refused allow
ance for the gold ornaments alleged to
have been bestowed on the corpse and cut
down the total from more than $,'iCOO to
about $500.
The widow's bill is a curiosity in its
way, appearing as follows in the court's
record :
March 20. 1893— distributed to
mourners, $35 25; paper images, $15 -0; sun
dries,sll 50; Bilk clothing for corpse, $J35 50;
hat lor corpse, $3; shoes for corpse, $5; neck
chain for body of dt-ceased, $120; goM button
on hat, $50; elehty mourners' caps, $72.
March 21, 1893— Blue and white clothing,
$36; while doming, $0 50; forty-live bluj
roDes, $85 50; thirty-five white robe?, $56 10;
♦■ight bin" »nd white children's robes. $0;
flowers, $8 75.
March 22, 1893— Flower decorations, por
trait deceasea, $s">; flowers. $45; lanterns,
$20; paper toys, $220; prieits, $270; et--:h:y
s>ix carriages, $43J: c gn t wagou.s, $32 ; band
American mu^iu, $45; four bands Chinese
music, $160; edibles used religious ceremony,
$25 35; luclcy money pive to friends, $65 25;
tight watchmen, $40; funer^ stand, $25 50;
funeral attendants, six-.y, $300.
March 24, 1893— F10wer.-, $8 45.
March 25. 1893— Two carriages. $9; two
wauons, $0; 'flower*. $4 50; luck money,
$3 50; paper iinnee^, $1.
March 31, 1893— Two carnages, $8; luc*
money, $3 25; two wagons, $6; flowers, $3 75;
paper lniajre-,sl.
April 6, 1893— Luck money, $3 50; flower-",
$4 25; two carriages, $8; two wagons, $(>;
paper images, $1.
April 13. 1893— Two carriages, $8; two
wagnns,sts; flowers, $365; lucic money, $3;
paper images. $1.
April 19, 1893— Flowers, 15; two car
riaaes, $8; tvvo wagons, $0; luck money,
$3 25; paper images, $1. ■ -
April 26, 1893— er3, $4 75; two car
riages, $8; two wagons,. $6; paper images, $1 ;
iucK muiifv, $3 45.
• May 3, 1893— Two carriages, $3; two wagonc,
$6; flowers, $4 75; .uck money, $4 25; paper
untiges, $1 50; undertaker's bill, Man Took,
$376. Total, $3023 35.
Mr. Sullivan responded that it was
within the knowledge of all concerned
that an attempt to recover any alleged
over-expendiiures by thfl widow would ba
fruitless, and he contended that every act
performed by Mr. Frees* had been for the
benefit of the estate, and thut ins accounts
were open for th < inspection of all who
wished to investigate their correctness.
In this position Attorney Keyes joined,
saying that Mr. Freese could not legally
have taken nny other course than thejona
he has followed.
Judge Coffey dismissed from considera
tion a suggestion maie by Mr. Country
man and his associate, Attorney W. M.
Wiiietts, that Mr. Freese had an under
standing with a son of Li Po Tai to share
with him the fees and compensations of
the administration. That question, the
court said, m ght be brought up in another
form if deemed worthy of further atten
tion.
The immediate matter before the court
was an application to sell a piece of prop
erty known aa 1014 Dupont street for
$9400, which Mr. Countryman said was
two years ago appraised at $17,500, and
which yields a revenue of $165 a month,
and which in about rive yeais would yield
a sum of money equal" to the purchase
price.
After considerable discussion Judge
Coffey remarked that he wo;ild like to
have the month of June devoted to the
consideration of cases submitted for the
pleasure of visiting Mr. Lafftrty at Ba u
Rafael and other important matters, >o
he consented !o pass the case for a short
time yesterday afternoon for the purpose
of allowing a conference of the opposing
forces with a view of allowing them to
settle their disputes.
At the conclusion of the conference it
was announced that an agreement ha. l
been readied. Mr. Voorman is to receive
the *<o-called Jackson-street property and
$(j~)0 in cash. In consideration of this ait
litigation in the Li Po Tai estate is to Le
abandoned, including five suits in the Su
perior Court of this City and County and
threfl appeals now pending in the State
Supreme Court.
Hurt by n Swinging Wire.
Arthur J. Kain has sued the Pacific Tele
phone and Telegraph Company for $2000
damages on account of i'' juries caused by a
wire that was left hanging across Hi ff avenue,
near Seventeenth street, o.i tne 29ih o. la?t
March.
NEW TO-DAY
Tie Royal— White and Pure
as the Driven Snow.
m
POWDER
Absolutely Puro
ROYAL BAKING POWDER CO. , NEW YORK.
GROVE L. JOHNSON
HASRKMOVED HIS LAW OFFICES FROM
f-acranv-nto 10 San Franct«co and formed a
uartnership with Walter H. Mnfo.tc and uejr •
K. Wbltakf r. with offices at 010 i'lue at.SATURDAY ... MAY 8, 11-V7
AMUSK.ViE.NTS.
Baltiwix Theater -- E! t'apltan."
Colukbia Theater A Kun on the Bant"
Morosco's Oi'F.ba • House —■ An American
Hero.
Alcazar Theater ast Lynae."
Tivoli Opera House .-h»mu» O'Brien."
Osrnirii — High-C.asa Vaadevilie.
Obebon.— Grand Concert/
Goides Gate Hall— L»c:ure.
(•mo Bathb.— Bathing and Performances.
The Chutes an:> Sunss Kink — DaUy a;
Baight street, one block e«ai of the Part
Bicycle RACEs-Corner Baker and Fell streets,
Sunday aiternoon, ct i o'clock.
Oakulkd Kace Track —Kaces to-day.
PICNICS ancTexc RSIONS.
Hatwabds Park. -Concerts every Sunday.
El CAMPO-MBiC L'anclus, Boallug, i'lsalns,
every Sunday.
AL^.^lO^ - AL<_S.
I-v Ffanx W. > rTTKBFiKLD— This dar. May
8, Kes-auram, at .13 t His St.. at 11 o'clock.
By L. ViNCENT-This <ay May S, Furniture, at
142J Hyde streut. at 11 o'clock.
Bt G. H. VxßSts 4 Co.— Monday. May 10, !
Teal Eas:a:e. at 14 >ioa:somery st . a: 12o'clOcic.
By lastos & 1 iDSir«t-TaesJay. May 11
F»a! sta c, at salesrooms, 63a Market s;reet,
tt ]2 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Wilhelm Opperiaann ha« ofiired his body to
the Board cf keiitn for #iOO.
Fair SmurJay; continued warm weather.
A. G. ITcAdle. local loreeast offi Lai.
I S rman : an insane person, is an
om-_- guest at the Receiving Hospitat.
Li Po Tai's es:ato tas been settled and all
Eton in regard to it baa been dismissed.
Per. - ia and De WolfHopr«
be given a reception to-night at tae Press l'.ud.
Emma Ash;ey will prcbsb'.y mate her debut
In the pin of BarDara Hare m the p'.ay of
E*s: Lynce.
Homer '.. r.e Ii accused of robbin? the body
o: a dead woman, Mrs. El.zabeih Larapman, of
her diamond ring.
Mike R cc, Mirth, Irnaniiaator, Yemen, Peter
the Srco-.d and Midas wers tae w:asers at
E m cr y t! He j es t*r d ay .
Aune E. Kearcev, heretofore declared in
gane, has applied to the superior Court to be
res'.ored to competency.
• .-.;auds of eight retired school
re by Auditor
.:iwn.
The ■ annual conference of the
Evauge : « ined yesterday
.■-3.7. .ci Cauren en Twelfth street.
The original plates from which the Pony
Express stamps were prime : will be presented
to ihe Golden Gate Part Memorial Museum.
Helen Gardener resd one of her own war
stories to a deliga tel aud.e^ce ia Golden Gate
Hall last evening. The -:e.o wai ncr father.
A preliiainarr organization of the san Fran
cisco Zoological Sorieiy was effected yester
day. David itarr Jordan was elected presi
aenU
Tae Fourth of July fund will not be trans
ferred :o :ne bo'.;n.vard fund 51 m p. y because
taere is to Fourth oi July iuaa ia the
The a.iforcia Conim&ndery, Knights Temp
lar, last night elected John V. rras«r as emi
nent imlMndu aai Charles H. Wilsoa as
generalissimo.
The will of W'.liia- Waite Presbury hxs
b?er. Bled for probate. Hla evate of $1500 i»
bequea;r.ed to Mrs. E.iza Winter and Mrs.
Anieta Wigatman.
The heads of the various City departments
will meet to-day to talk over the financial
situation and. try to find a way oat of tha
present difnculiies.
Druggist W. W. Campbell is accused of har
m? comprom a railroa<i accident cass ior
5400 and having appropriated £375 01 ths
aitouat to hit own use.
The "concert sacrei" given last n'.ght at the
Third Baptist Church und.-r the auspice* of
the Young People's iboc e:y vl Christian Ea
deavor ; roved a great su ca-a.
Paul Rttter, a is:oou-k»eper at the corner of
Fuiton i .-«•_•: tai Sereuth avenue. n«s f. -d a
petition in iasoivency. Hj owes f-i?3l 95
»c>i ha* cro-er:jr we:::: 1 f34J0.
Mrs. T. A. Mitchell has filed a contest ia the
Martin Kedon estate to secure- the le^al
rights of her son. Frank Kedon, who clftiais a
chad's portion oi the property.
The progress made in the Precita Valley re
cently has had a marked effect in the general
transformation o: the old creek bed icto a
habitab.e sec;io:i o: the Mission ajstrict.
Early next week rty-one warrants for the
arrest of grocers who, according to tbe re
ports of the cnernut ol the^roard of Hea.th,
have so:d nduiLerat.d goods, will be issued.
J. Desoto, a disreputable character, who
r:»-*e it a practice to haunt Golden Gate Park
and insult little gil t, has beeu sent to tne
County Jail for ttiree months by Judge Low.
Th^ Merchants' Association has petitioned
the Board of Supervisors to contribute t: c
regular Fourth of July appropriation of £3OOu
to tie fund lor the rei:ei of tne unemployed.
A certiScate nu filed in ne cfsce of the
County Clerk. ye»terday givin? nonce that the
bonded indebtedness of the Los Angeles Edi
son Electric Light Company has been in
creased to 5300,^00.
The case of the United States a?aln3t Mate
McN*:chol of the American birk Hirry
Morne was heard by United .■■taiei Commis
sioner Hemcock yeuerday and will be re
suzied this nior:-
A. J. McNicoll. The e'.evator man, refused to
prosecute Bert Raeder, his former booKKeeper,
who was accused oi embezzling $800. The
complainant 'ated he did not want to pain
the ooy's mother. The case wg« dismissed
yesterday.
I-:::aI steps for the organization of a State
h ..mace educational so. ;ety were taken yes
terday a: Y. M. <:. A. Ih;.. <;. L. Harrington,
tent of the San Francisco Board oi
Ei .cation, was elected president oi the
Humane Society.
At 11:46 this forenoon a fire broke oat on
tne roof of the twn-story wooden dwelline
house of Frederick Egaers at 302 Gougn street.
Th« n was cau«ed by sparks from a sooty
chimney. The tire patrol extinguished the
flames. Dimaje $10.
The Labor Council will endeavor to have
the Supervisor* modify the action Taken
again.«t s.reet advertising wagons. A commit
. ?o to Sacramento nn the 13 h lrnt. to
«.'(?!!<:- The case of B. D. Wordeu, tae train
wrecker, before the Governor.
At the Sutro Baths to-morrow the fire La
monts will appear in their wonderful Roman
ladder act; Belle «nd Frank Lamont. the litUt
wonders on the trapeze; Hattie and William
Lamont in their perpendicular breakaway
ladder act; Rnby and Belle Lamont, fisher
hcrnpipe; William Lamont in hit daring
6ingle trapeze ace.
The Grund Jury yesterday found an indict
ment *?air.s: J. F. Tamer, real estate broker,
ana bis c:er». Miss Lizzie O'Donnell, for per
jury in hiring swum at a rec-nt tria. in
which Turner wts detenaaut hat the deeds
produced on that occasion were co: forjred
but were the orUina! documents upon wnich
Turner had borrowed money irom J. P. Frenaa.
Another day was wasted by the attorneys
for the Fair estate »xecu ori yesterday in she
Angus-Craven trial, and all because of their
t>*raiß:en r . efforts to introduce hfarsay *vi
denre to supj ort the theory taat the acknowl
edgments of Mr«. Craven's deed are not ten
uine. Three witneises, employes of the H. S.
Crocker Company, were on the'stand. but they
could prove nothing by their own knowledze.
HTW TO-DAT.
flsfl
JAMES H. BARRY, Editor.
Colin I tort's Fall!
HIS SHAMEFUL EULOGY OF
BOSS RAINEY.
HAWKSHAW LEES
AND THE FAIR HEIRS,
And Other Vigorous Ar-
ticles on All Topics.
WHERE IS THE
GENERAL SIGLIN?
The Smart Schooner Out
Over Forty Days for
Alaska.
Mist Have Been Caught in the
Same Storm as the Ship
Samaria.
Another Cut-Rate War Bjtween Here
and Puget ScuDd Ports New
in Prospect
The North American Tradine Com
pany's schooner General S:gl:n has not
bean beard from :or over forty days, and
fears are entertained for her safety. Tue
last time she was heard from s- s was in
the T.cinitv of Cape F.attery and in about
the same p. ace as the snip Samaria is sup
posed to have b?en. It was blowing a nar
ricane at the lime and ail hope for the
Samaria has &?en abandoned. Now
Messn. Liebes &. Co. are beginning to
fear for the S g:in. Vessels tuat ieft here
three weesi later than her have reached
their destination and reported all well.
The General Siglin left b»re with pro-
Tii'.ons tor the vessels of the Nona Ameri
can Trading Company's »ealin« fleet. Cap
tain Jerome Thomas was in command
and he carried a crew of six all told. E.
C Greenfield, agent ol the company at
Wood Island, and his wife and dau^aier
were passengers. If anything has hap
pened to the smart little schooner the
chances are tnat it occu-red when «he was
in company with the Samaria of! Fiat
terv.
The General Biglin was built at .Mar^h
field. Or, in IS(M, and is a sister Tessei to
the weii-known fea.inif schooner, Win
ciiester. She is ever 80 tons net burden.
80 feet long, 8 feet broad and 8 feet 4
inches deep. News from Alaska is nnw
anxiously iooked for, and should no word
c me from the Sighn by the 11th inst. all
hope for her w.il be abandoned.
Tne barfcentine Monitor uad to run back
to port yesterday. After getting away
from here In ballas: she ran into a heavy
ga c and sprang a leak. The ballast got
into the rumps and caoked th>>m, »o that
a change of course was imperative. When
the vessel came to an anchorage yesterday
there were seve-ai feet of water in her
hold, and an attempt will be made to ge:
her on the dryiock to-day.
The old Santa Clara-Sinu.o-Scandinavia-
Kanuiui-Cleveland will make her first
The Branch Receiving Hospital, Which Is to Be Euilt on East Street Near the Ferry.
(trip on the 11th in-t. Cat rates will be !
1 the order of the day and cabin passengers
j will be carried between here and Pu»et i
Sound ports for $7 50 while freight wi I be
Isl a ton. The Pacific; Coast Steamship
1 Company will surely meet the cut and
! the railroads wiil have to follow suit, so
that n zeueral rate war between Califor- i
j nia, Washington and British Columbia is j
I almost sure to foi iow. The Cleveland will i
j run in connection with the Lakme, but
tue laf er will carry freight only.
The Umati.la g>t in from Puget Sound
'. ports yesterday with fifteen carioads of !
| freight from Vancouver, B. C. Five of j
the number contained condensed milk, !
made in the United States, but shipped
■ over a Canadian line to California.
Commander Whiting, U. S. N\, of Port
i Orchard was a passenger on the steamer. ;
; He is accompanied by nil wife and child ;
j ar.d will remain a couple of weeks in this
City, R. C. Holliday of the navai civil :
eneineer service so came down on the j
Umatiila. He has been transferred from :
i Pert Orchard to Mare Island and in future j
• will mak*» his h«*adquartere there. A.
! Peterson. United Stales Consul at Van
' couver, B. C, also arrived on the Uma
i tiiia. He also is here on a short vacation
and wilt return to his headauarters again
on the return trip of the Unntilla.
Captain Carroll also was a passenger
from Seattle. He will make a flying trip
to Ashl.ind and will then take command
j of tne Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
; excursion steamer Q leen. He will 100k
after her outfitting and about June will ,
j take her out on the first run of tae season
! to Ali^ita.
Tn«< Umatilla brines the news that the
: British tramp steamer Amarapoora has
! been once again in ! trouDie. She was ;
iibeied by the merchants of San Francisco .
and the captain settled his indebtedness
in Victoria, B. C. Then --he went to Seat- ,
| tle to take in coal, and while backing and |
filling tore down the coal banters. In or- j
der to pay for the damage and for bis sup- i
: p.y of coal the captain had to cable to j
London for money. When last seen by
tne Umatilla's captain he was on hie way
■ to eoutb America under a full head of
steam.
A couple of months ago Chief Clerk
McL-an on the Pacific Mail dock died and
his place has since been nlied by Mr.
; Mooiv. Yesterday Agent Schwerin ap- |
j pointed Chief Cierk Garland to the office, '
! and he will in future oe in charge of th«
! clerical force on the docK.
Charles Oardner and Jossph Schwartz i
; were booked at the Harbor Police station,
: yes erdav on a charge of battery. They !
assaulted a Chinese named Ah Yolcu in a i
1 water-front i..100n and because the Mon
, gol objected to bavin; his queue pulled
, Gardner knocked out some of h s teeth,
closed his right eye and made his nose
j b;eed. Sergeant Hayes of the State Har- !
bor po ice and Officers Dowd and Bean j
placed the men un .er arrest. Gardner t
ran upstairs into one of the bedrooms and j
Sergeant Hayes fonnd him in bed will* his ;
coat off, but with all his ot er clothes on.
The Harbor police in end to | push the j
cast asainai tue two men as it U not the j
rir t time Chines* have been beaten on the |
waterfront by hoodlums. *
The. members of the College of Phar
macy made an excursion aroun i the bay
in the steamer Caroline yesterday. They
stopped at Sausalito, lunched at Califor
nia City and then went to Buden, stopping
at the sugar refinery on the way home, i
| It was a most enjoyable outing, and the j
consensus of opinion is that Captain
Seaie is « jolly good fellow.
John, Scary, secretary of the Marine ,
Engineers' Association, has been ap-
ointea cnief engineer of State tue Gov
ernor I win, vice Robert Read, resigned. >
A new departure is to betaken in the j
erection of the n^|T recsiving hospital at
tee ferries. The windows will be oi" crys-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 8, 1897.
The North American Trading Company's Schooner General Signil as She Appeared Off the Coast
of Mendocino Last Year. She Is Now Out Forty-Two Days on Her Way to Alaska
and People Are Beginning to Wonder What Is Delaying Her.
topol, a glass tbat ia germ proof and
which neither heat nor cold affects. In
consequence a cood light is guaranteed,
and an even temperature can be main
tained at all times in the rooms.
The steam schooier Caspar had to run
on a mudbank last Thursday ntgnt in
order to escape a collision. The scow
schooner JSina was mating her way up
the creek and the steamer was almost in
collision before the wind-jammer was
seen. It wa» then a question of running
on the mudbank or running down the
schooner. Ttie captain of the Caspar
chose the mudbank, and is was late yes
terday afternoon be'ore he got the vessel
off again and was abie to make San Fran
cisco.
P. G. Camarinos, the well-known plan
t«r of Honolulu and brother of D. G.
Camarinos, the ci GreeK Coniu!, had to
be sent to Agnews yesterday. He arrived
from Honolulu on tne steamer Aameda
and his brother took aim to Saus'lito.
Returning to this City on the San Rafael
yesterday moraine he weut violently in
sane and had to be 'trapped down. As he
got no better be was taken in a hncK to
the new City Hal and there Judge
Belcher consigned him to the insane
asylum. The general opinion ••em* to be
that Mr. Camarinos' malady is only tem
porary and that in a few weeks or| a
month at .the outside be will be oat and
attending to business again.
I
CITY'S SHORTAGE
WILL BE REDUCED
Officials Meet Tc-Day to
Discuss the Situ
ation.
Expert Wi'liams Repons on
the Funds in the
Treasury.
By Strict E::nomy thi Difficulty May
Bj Tided Ov r Until the N w
Fiscal Year.
The Finance Committee of the Board of
Supervisors ha« taken bold of the threat
ened deficit in the municipal funds with a
will, and the indications are that the
situation wiil turn out to be fur leas dan
gerons than has been stated.
The committee has had Cyril Williams,
its expert, working on the Auditor's oooks
/or eevera days past, and held a meetine
yesterday to hear the results of his labors.
Auditor Broderick was present, and
when anxious inqniries were made by
merchants in attendance a? to the chaaces
ot their getting their money he remarked
that it seemed strange that they wern
alarmed, when they always seemed anx
iou« to furnish supplies.
"The trouble lies in the fact," he said,
"that some officials cannot be induced to
keep within their appropriations."
It was intimated that if the salary de
mands for the last fiscal year were held
over until the new appropriation is made
the difficulty might be tided over. The
Auditor was asKed if he would stand in
on such a proposition.
"I am not eoinp to «ay what I will do,"
he replied, "but I am quite likely to pay
the salaries when they are due."
Clerk Kussell said that it was unfortu
nate tnat the City's credit shouid bs
turown into diirepute every year. He
thought that more taxes could be col
lected, and that as the June salar.es were
not due until July they should not be paid
until then.
Expert Williams' report was then read,
showing that the probable shortage will be
$100,000.
Tue aeficit in the Tsrious subdi visions of
the general fund aggregate $87,650, but
the estimated surplus in certain funds
was $49,400, making the d-ficieucy, by
reason of overdrafts, $38,250; but to thii
mu->t be added $30,000, denci»ncy in the
collection of fees, and $32,000, deficiency
in tax collections, that would be applied
to the ponTa! fund, making a total deh
ciencv of$!00 000.
T c report also showed that there were
deficiencies in the general fund over
whicu the board has no control. The
County Clerk's appropriation, for instance,
wassloo.ooo. Under the on?-twelfth act the
Clerk coald spend $?333 33 a month, bu:
tne April salaries amounted to $10,730.
The deficiency on May 1 was $22,153. The
estimated deficiency on June 30 is
$27,000. The appropriation to pay court
orders was $15000 and the deficiency
amounted to $5t4S 20. The estimated de
ficiency on June 30 is $7500. Ttin money
is drawn directly on the treasury by or
ders of court and bas been disposed of to
date as follows: To the Boys' and Girls'
Aid Society $10,4^5, to Police Court re
porters $17 52S 85, to Superi r Court re
porters $15,394 35; total, $43 348 20.
Tne bo*rd appropriated $45,000 to pay
jury fees under the county government
act. Demands on thai fund for $44 793
have already been audited, and trie de
mands against it that have not yet been
audited amount to $1942 £0, and it is esti
mated that there will be a deficiency of
$5000. The Supervisor* nave no confol
over that fund, nor over the appropria
tion for election expenses, which is $15,000
short
Keferrinz to other accounts the expert
declared th-u tha County Hospital fund
would be $11,000 short, owing principally
to the cost of repairs, but the runnine ex
penses are $1000 a month in excess of the
appropriation. Williams further reported
that the Fire Depaitment was confident
of having a surplus of $6300, and that tbe
i Health Dera-tment expected to have a
; surplus of $'2HM.
Moreover, ibe fund for the payment »1
police salaries had a surplus of $.5000
i which, it was estimated. woj.-1 cover vie
increase in sa^arie* allowed by the last
■ Legislature, but as Dayment had been en
j joined and the mitter had cone io ths
! Supreme Court the credit was likely to re
main on hand at the end of ihe fiscal year.
In reference to the shortage in fees Wil
• Lami said the new fee bill had reduced
the receipts of the Sheriff's and Recorder's
cilices one-hat*. It had been estimated
at the beginning of the fiscal year that the
fees wonld nmotint to $210 000, but the ci
', pert estimated tba tney would not
amount to more than %LB6 00ft The Police
; Court tines had also fallen off. Last rear
the revenue from this source wa« $31,542.
Up to May 1 of this year only $18,035 05
had been received.
In conclusion WiMinm* stated that from
. the dehciency of $100,000 in the general
i fund may be deducted the amount that
may be transferred from the police relief
i pens. on fund, in which there is a credit of
\ neariy $20 CO).
Mayor Phelan, who was present, and
the members of the committee at once
I saw tuat it would take earne3t and we!l
--; directed work" to stave eff a serious finan
: cial situation, and it was decided to call a
meeting this morning at 10:30 at the
rooms of the board to ta.k me matter
over and tind some way out of the
i tan git.
"That's the only way to doit," said the
Auditor, "cut down expenses and let out
■ all men who are not net a^y and actively
:at work and needed. I hare dispensed
I with two rr.en, ant will have to work my
! force overtime to keep up with the de
• mandi of my office, and I think ail ghoaid
; do the same.
"I might suggest that if those most in
terested would induce the banks to take
: np tne salary warranis and nor prerent
• them until the bestinnng of the next
fiscal year it would remove the pressure. "
After the meeting the tjup-rvi«ors con
! suited among themselves and decided to
: cut expenses in ali directions.
The contract for grading Alamo square
: may be postponed untiL the next fiscal
i year, makine a saving of $10,000, and with
I other savinai reduce ths deficit from
1 $30,000 to $50,000.
The Auditor intimated that if the board
and heads of departments would show 3
Pennine disposition to retrench he wotrd
do all in his power to see thit the City's
j credit was placed on a beter basis.
A -Special Feature.
Town Talk this week makes a special fei
ture of the recent Elks' banquet and dedica
tion of that body's hand»orae new lodge
rooxn? Tbe popularity of the Elks is so great
that Town Ta.k has issued aa extra edition to
meet the demand :or copies. Leading officers
are represented by fine half-tone portraits,
the arrangement of lhusiratioas ani article
incident thereto being high y artistic. Tae
u«uil departments, however, have not be n
neelerted on account of space a» voted to the
P. B. O E. The S*un:erer tells his customary
fund of amusinc storiettes tnd gives a resume
of local events of the recent pa-t aud early iu
ture. There is a choice assortment, also, of
original Dctlon and versa and a number ox
excellent editorials. ' . \;V
William -inon'i Valuable Eatmt*.
WlUiam J. Sinon and Margaret M. Slnon have
petitioned for letters o( admlnlmiation on the
estate of their father, William Sinon. de
ceased. Due search has been made and no
will can be found. The property consists
mainly of real estate in this City, and is esti
mated to be worth $100,213. Wick. iffe Mat
thews is attorney tor the heirs.
Picturesque *»n Franciaco.
The Tiew with Newt Letter to-day is I
worth preserving.
PLANS FOR THE
PROPOSED "ZOO."
Professor Tonielli Outlines
Some of Its Attrac
tions.
Temporary Organization Effected
by Electing as President
David Starr Jordan.
Committee of L ading Men Appointed
to Prepare a Constitution—Prob
able Cost of Membership.
A preliminary meeting for the purpose
of establishing in San Francisco a zoolozi
cal society was held yesterday afternoon
at the office of Dr. G. M. Martin, 606 Sut
ter stieet.
Professor A. P. Tonielli in explaining
the project said :
"The Pacific Coast is tne most favorable
spot in America for tlie establishment of
a great zoological garden. It wiil not be
necessary to Keep the animals in small
cages, but they may be surrounded by me
environments of tneir natural homes so
fir as is compatible with safety.
"The intention is to make tne entrance
free to all. A zoological library will in
time be established, and a conrse of
lectures at regular intervals. In time,
also, a gallery might be established where
I anitts can exbibit their pictures of ani
i m»ls and plac* them on sale.
"it is beiievea that most of tne wort
can De done in a year. By the way, we
intend to establish an aquarium aiso."
Professor Tonieilt is a celebrated African
explorer, and has been on this coast now
for two yearsand a half, in order to oenefit
hit wi:e's health. He U a graduate of
Oxford.
A temporary organization was effected
i yestrrdav by the election of David Starr
i Jordan president and Professor A. P.
Tonelli secretary. A commif.ee on con-
I ititntion as follow-" was apnointed:
Prof ssor Tonelli, Dr. Ritter, ur. Van
i den berg, Prolessor Harkness, Dr. Martin
• and Dr. Lorena.
It wa« suggested that the constitution
of the New York society should be ac
cepted as a good example of organic law.
, According to tne New York: schedule one
may become a member for $12 a year, a
i life member for $100. a patron for $10CO
i and a founder for $5000.
At * reer nt meeting <<t the Mi«sinn Pa'k
JTE^T 10-DAT.
Success!
1
The most successful brand of
tea baking powder
coffee flavoring extracts
soda spices
' on this coast is Schilling's Best.
Its great success is in the
; country, where grocers know
: their customers personally, look
; out for their interests, and are
less apt to sell adulterated food
—even for a big profit.
In San Francisco it is differ-
ent you have got to insist
1 upon Schilling's Best though
you will find sorue grocers who
: care for other things besides
I big profits.
A Schilling & Company
San Francisco 613
GRISStNI BREAD.
, 1 T TAKE THE PLEASURE OF INTRODUCING
! J. this kind of bread In the market of >an Fran-
. Cisco, where has been already in use among sev-
-1 j eral r.urope«u families. It Is a br-ad original
I of the northern pan of Italy, familiar to the
; people of 1 urin. from where it toot 1 s name, bat
' ac.uaiiy can be foand almost la every bo el, and
Its vie Uso widespread thai H can be found al-
! most on every iab!» of rich at w«lt as of poor
i ,cop.c.
[I In feet the form requires a careful preparation
i of ihe p^s.e. which has to be well raited, and the
1 most careful baking. -o as to obtain a uniform
' bn>ad. The form It-elf explains how carefully and
I skllifuUy t: has o be made, and shows a: once
how htaubfulu mvii be, not oniy for . the thor-
-1 ' ongh way in whicn it has besn baked, bu: for Its
' > porous qaailty. which makes it light and we.l
' bake I all through, outside as well a- inside. It is
- beUthfal for children, being very easily nsed as a
1 1 readr soap in m.IK or broih.
> I li is lasting, and can be softened by warmlnc it
lln the oven Alibougi its price la a lite higher
. tnan the ordinary b.-ead, ye: It Is an economy, as '
i ver/ little of It Is wasted. .Delivered to all parts
I of the City free of charge, or in the country C. U l>.
J9. F.A.G-.A.IN'Xaa'X.
. 1413 Oupont Street. ..
NEW TO-DAY.
HOT COFFEE
jnplS NOT EVERY PLACE YOU EXTEtI THAT A CUP OF THE BEST HOT
I Coffee is offered you free of cost. To-day we serve our fine family Roast and .
Ground which we sell to all comers at 25 cent 3. Its particularly pleasing flavor
wins for it hosts of friends. Call any time of lay. Sroreisupen from 7 A. M. to 6
P. M. Order desk for late comers until 7P. M. Always welcome — always pleased to
see you. Will try to save you money on each purcaase. All carlines come directly to
the store.
Brekeo Crackers ...... • sc ! Gray Snits - .... / - $3.00
These are fre«h and crisp, are largely so1a» These are Eoys' Best Knickerbocker Suits,
of best quality; some sweets: all Imper- sailor style tv ae*' » and plain collar to »g +
fe shapes: come to as to sell; they are 13. Tney ar<» tbat pretty niixiiT* ol jrr.iv
mucli apprecia.eU. so fashionable to-day. You'll see 'em
)f\7~~:y. marked at sperlal sacs elsewhere ai f-i S3
Dai. D n _^ ... Ik 0^» all(1 •* - 5 - Do not P a >' ese -specul"
8011-DOnS, pet ID. •„ " " " * * O^€ hi? h prices, bat go where one low, regular
These are no: the common kind put np to pr cc prevails always.
se.l, cut something fine, which we tarn ou: |
?&^Z£?s*£&Ztt& Boys' Straw Hats 15; np
finel^y'scandle^ " I H '| Straw HatS •• - • • 25C Dp
Kk(#B • • li\ At ihii -season cf the yesr we havj a good
*•»"» ••• - • • .. . IVt variety of -umtner Ham for m.-ii. women
Th*se popular and dainty blscais have and cniUtr.-n, am at prices that will com-
given snch central satisfaction that we mend them. O;ir 15c ha; lor toys or girls
have had to double our oroers. Ask for is a good boy at 50c
Cupid's KUses.
Wa . bui ii \ c kers fer Little Girls - - • • 45c
Water _tt lute Honey • • • . . be CaH In to-day for one or more of these.
ThuTsthenew crop, first of the s»«ion, large enou?n for prW 8 to 15. You'll be
■ flavor Is nnsurpasvd. color ai white as aske-d a dollar at »oni ■ places,
paper, pnrif.- unques ionetl, in 5-;a'lon '\ V.
a av/cSea^r : S 1 sailoa ttns *1 each. Ladies' Wool Underwear - • • . 605
We tavs cheaper gr-dtt. LodltS 11001 IHlierHfar- ■ ■ Wt»o
A special closlns line ot meiium or spring
Croqnet Sets. S bills - - • • $1.75 weight Jersey-ribbed goods of the do.,ar
lIUIJIKL OCIS. O UJII3 • • . • • grade Vests or Pants.
a full line of thes- in store: 6 balls $150: # r;-~
Bb»lls*l7s, *Z -J5, $-»EO. f:^7s. Buy one S!«imlAS« Hft«A . "'•'- ■'. . . Iflfi
of our good seti and have it always. We , MaUIICS-'l HOSe • *. IVO
try tv keep a iv.l line of game) lor outdoor Kither for ladies or h!ldren. You will be
•ports. : :■■: astonished at the va.ue of these goods.
We make a point cf getting out the best Gowns and Dresswear for ladies.
We make a point of keeping the Best and Freshest Candy that is made.
We make a strong point of keepine good articles for the table. It pay 3.
We make a point of rilling orders correctly and have few complaints.
We make a point of selling goods as cheap for cash as they can be sola.
We thank or.r friends for liberal patrcnage.
|39Kj&£M . Our free delivery all over the city is appreciated.
_ I KWERV / Try cur Fine Tea «er\v<l free every day.
8B9& ■ JESB&mI Yo'u'U find it convenient to cneclt packages here.
W(@iL. ! Acro>«i the bay town« siipplicl free of co.<t tor freighf.
''iW^taDnl^r/ We understand packing and snipping goods everywhere.
yIJM HBS^SBB^vr Our patrons find it pays to work on a cash basis. *C^vi
X^^H &&s'' We have a 40-page price l.ar, free to all.
Address— The Big Store at the Fern— 2s-27 MARKET STREET.
Association the following petition wai j
adopted:
Office of the Mission Pakk Association*. "|
G. D. Shadbirne, President, 1
T. C. Mct-WKN. .-ecreiary. f
San Fbancisco, Ma? 4, 1897. j
To the Hen. Mayor and Board of Supervisors cj
the City and County of San Franciico—
men: The MUslou Park Association of baa
Francisco and the undersigned residents »nd
taxpayers of the City respectfully request your
honorable body to make rea»onaole appro
priation in the next tax levy for the purpose
of providing a public park and zoological gar- ;
den, and in the meantime tnat you Invite pro- ;
posais tor and select a euiubie site for the
same in the Mission distric:. ' "J
ktw TO-DAT.'
rCUREIiTS
When I sa^il cure I do not mean merely to
Stop them for a time and then have them re-
turn again. I mean a radical cure. I have made
the disease of FITS, EPILEPSY or FALLING
SICKNESS a life-Ion? study. I warrant my
remedy to cure the worst cases. Because
others have failed is no reason for not now
receiving a cure. Send at once for a treatise
and a Free Bottle of my infallible remedy. '
Give Express and Post Office address. I
Prof. W. H.PEEKE, F.D.,
4 Cedar St., New York.
NEW TO-DAT— AMUSEMENT*.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUS2 !
i.«iLii.\uii.\£ kB.K-t.fs j. Proprietor « ttaua;*:
THIS EVENING
THE GREAT MUSICAL SUCCESS.
Jesiop and Stanford's Eomantic Comic Opera
li A MLJS '"O'gRIEN^
WITH
MR. DENIS O'SULLIVAN
In the title role,
Hit Original Creation.
A Perfect Production in Every Detail.
Popular Prices 25c and sOrj
MATINEE TO-DAY (SATURDAY).
Parnuei. any sea:. "Jsc: .tJalcony. My »*■»-. -•»;•
; Chddren. 10c. any par: of the t-ouae.
MLiLiB, ipi_,et_tr,h:tte
And her "BOUK FLKUBsde Llsi," and MLLK.
AM, Kurope"s Greatest Aertal Ar:ltt*. Great
su'cess ot TACIANU, SAGKR and FAX.vv
MIDjI-KY. ED LATt.LLE, tbe ASDKHjOS-i
ana Sg. ALBEKTI and Sinn ANDL
A Hiz Olio of Novelties!
1 The Venetian Ladies' Orchestra In the annex
'■ every eveni-i. after tbe per.ormani.ev
SUTRO BATHS. .
OPEN NIGHTS-OPEN NIGHTS
OPEN DAILY FROH 7 A. fL UNTIL il P. tl.
Concert Afternoon and Hvenin i.
. . .LAiVIONT FAMILY. . .
SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Batbine, including Admisson: A'lalt*. 25c: Cbll.
dreu, 20c: Gener»l Adniis ion, 10c: Cbildren. sc.
VELODROME,
BAKER AND FELL STS.
bicycleT races
SUNDAY, may 9, 2 P. m.
ADMISSION-25 AND 50 CENTS.
THE CHUTES.
TO-NIGHT !— TO-NIGHT!
SHAM BATTLE
By Company L, Ist Regiment, N. G. C,
and the High School Cadets.
.Vdmi«ion, 10c. Children, Sc.
OBERON. OBERON.
C'Farrell Street, near Stockton.
FERDHAXD STAIif GRAB Col\ CERT
Every ETening-APMISSION FREE.
AT GOLDEN GATE HALL.
LECTURES BY HELEN GARDENER,
Friday and Saturday Evenings.
■ FRIDAY EVr. anbject: "A Bit of Secret His-
tory of Uncon's Time." SATURDAY NIGHT,
»iiio Brain." Admission 50 ceati.
T : KEW TO-DAT— AatTJBESIEWTS:
BALDWIN THEATER.
liUAlMAi'ittu, (Incnrr>orate4) x70o;i««i:i
—MATINEE TO-DAY !-«
TO-NIGHT AND ALL NEXT WEEK.
LAST PERFORMANCES:
BRILLIANT MCSICAL SENSATION,
• "EL CAPITAN"
Interpreted by
HDE WOLF I""}
o f f c rl
And His Incomparable Company.
May 17-SAT. C. GOODWIN in "David Gar-
: rlci." "The Rivals." etc.
TRiCOLAMLR-OOrrLOS t <?• itnti a.id rwi««a • • •
JHTIXEE TO-DAY AT 2:15.
To-.<ight and Sunday >"ight—
°. ' ' ir'are well' Performances!
WARD AND YOKES
I A RUN ON THE BANK."
NEXT MONDAY NIGHT!
nifC'C QORQEOL S
KIwC. J EXTRAVAOASZA
EXCELSIOR JR.
Intact and direct from its 'JOO nlglns' raa in
t7O PEOPLE l.N e THE r ENSEMBLE 70
Seats and Boxes won -:il>- -..'>■-..■
j _ _
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WAL'I£H ilußO»u>. :.e«s«aaaa If— %tM
; Inltlal Production on Tbi t Coast of Ford's Spec-
tacular Corned y-Uraiia. ' >
AN AMERICAN HERO!
A Play Fall of Excitement and Interesting
Situations, Preiented Win Elabora:e
Scenic Pic. urea. . .':". ; :
Thrill "Wreck Scene !
" ; , Realistic Storm at Sea !
New Songs! Dances! — ; .New Songs!
Evening? Prices— lOc, 25c and 503.
>!atlnne<i Satur«l»y ami >iinit:tr.
ALCAZAR MATINEE 2
ALuAsVMIf TO-DAY AT 2.
! BemacoJtLafaiUe.Mra. | EVENINQ AT 8.
The World-Famous rama. .
EAST LYNNE.
Knormoas Micces* of '
OEa OBBOUR.NE, ADKLK BELGARDK,
HUGOTOLAND and tne Entire Company.
} Prices. 15c to 50c S«ai» by teigpnune. Kiacit a9L
I ™
' dacing: facing: racing:
—CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLCB — •
WINTER MEETING. 1396-97.
' Bec'.nninc Monday, May 3. to Mar 15 Inclaslrs
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racing 31oadar. Tuesdar. Wednesday.
iliuridur, Vriii and baturdar.
Kainor
FIVE OR MOKE KACES EACH DAT.
'■ Baces- Start ac 15 P. M. Sharp-
Ferry- Boats lrave >an Krancl.tco at 13 M an
12 :30,*l .00, 1 :30, 2 rt», 'i :30 and 3 P. M.. coanso
ing witti trains stoppla* ac tne entrance to tracf.
j Buy your terry ilcfeis 10 Shell .Mounl.
Keturniug— Traitu leave the Trac* at *:13 »al
<:ti r. v. and itnmedlataly after ta« las: raoa.
THOMAS ii. WILLIAMS J li, *T»iW»a»
B. B. MiLKOV ->*cretarir. .
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
A DELIGHTFUL EXCURSION
HAYWARDS PARK
—OS THE
Oakland, Sid Leandr > and Hay wards
Electric liailwar,
SUNDAY .....MAY 9, 1897
Round Trip from Fruitvale Station
Onlt*',»se, or Half ifate.
Take 12 jc. Ferry from foot of Mar.c: stiee: to
Fral.vale a:a:ioa.
ncCOY'S MILITARY ORCHESTRA
! Will lSender the Minicul Programme.
i Tbe Clabhouie in the Parlc is conducted nnder
the management of Mrs. Hay w»rd. wbose name
is snSicient recommendation of the quality ut tb4
, Üble. .
EL CAMPO,
THK POPULAR BAY RESORT,
j NOW OPEN EVERY SUNDAY DLPING THE
SEASON. Music. Dancin Bowling;, Boat-
ing. Fishing and Other Amusements.
Refreshments ac City price*. >'are, rojnJ trip,
25c, Cbl!dr.-n 13c; Inc. uains admission to;roaadj.
Til: STEAUER Xl AH '
leave Tiburon Ferry ay l«»:30 x. x.; l".':ia
, 2:00 and 4:00 P. M. Kemrnias, le»ve Xl Caai{i«
at 11:15 a. M , l:yj, 3:00 and S:UO r. v.
78
The yachting season is now at hand,
and the lovers of aqnatic sport are look
ing forward to many pleasant cruises on
the bay. The oarsmen have determined
not to be behind in the sporting swim,
and arrangements have already been
made for regattas wh;ch will be held in
the near future at El Campo and on the
Oakland estuary.
The wheelmen are ready to join in the
summer runs to the various points of in
terest In the country. They are also tak
ing an active interest in the Sunday races
which will be held at the Velodrome track.
Boxing clubs have announced their in
tention of giving entertainments this
month, which they expect will be largely
patronized.
Lovers of the shotgun and rifle will en
joy the pleasure of tn-ger-pulling to-mor
row. Coursing, baseball, basket-ball, ten
nis, etc., are pastimes that are also well
patronized.
THE WHEELMEN.
Reliance Club' 3 Five-Mile Road
Race To-Morrow-Recent
Elections.
CLUB EVENTS TO-MORROW.
Alameda Cyclers— Kun to Mill Valley.
Bay City "Wheelmen— Run to La
Honda (postponed).
Camera Club Cyclists— Run to San An
idmo.
Imperial Cycling Club— Run to park.
Olympic Club Wheelmen— Kun to Cen
tervilje.
Reliance Club Wheelmen— Road race,
San lieandro.
San Francisco Road Club— Run to
I". imp Taylor.
Velodrome — Race Meet.
Another meet will be held at the Velo
drome to-morrow afternoon, and it prom
ises to be as successful as the one last
Sunday from a racing point of view,
judging by the entry-list. No meet will j
be held next Sunday, and there will prob
ably be a large number of club runs and
road events in consequence.
The regular weekly bulletin of the track !
and road racing committees of the
C. A. C. C, the principal news in which
is that relating to the restoration of the
suspended Southern California men and
tracks lor Sunday racing, is as follows: j
Bulletin No. 3.— May 7, 1597.
The president has appointed L. C. Hunter,
San Francisco, a member of the track racing
committee.
Hal Freeman, Fresno, has been appointed
handicapper for the San Joaquin Valley.
Sanctions granted: Mny 9, the Velodrome,
San Francisco; May 31, Garden City Cyclers,
San Jose; May 21, Anel,Bicycle Ciub, Vallejo;
July 4, Petahima Wheelmen, Peta.unia.
Transferred to professional class: Bert H.
Elford, Oakladd, own request; S. I>. Loucks,
Pomona, clause A.
AU existing suspensions and restrictions
imposed by the League cf American Wheel
men on tracks and racing men in California
ou account of Sunday racing are hereby de
clared terminated by the California Associated
Cycling Clubs. This restores to sanction privi
leges the tracks at Santa Monica and Agricul
tural Park, Los Angeles.
The attention of clubs and racing men
is directed to the requirement of the road
racing committee, that every race or record
trial, on the road, must obtain the sanction
of the committee. The fees for road sanctions
are, for ever j record trial, and for every race,
or series of races on the samp (lay, in which
records are to he attempted, S£2 50; for every
other sanctlon.sl. Competing in unsanctioned
road events will result In suspension from
both road and track racing.
Chas. albert Adams,
Chairman Road Baciug Committee.
R. SI. \\ ELCH,
Chairman Track Racing Committee Califor
nia Associated Cycling Ciuds.
The Reliance Club Wheelmen will hold
a five-mile handicap roadrace over the
San Leandro course to-morrow morning,
the entries and handicaps for which are
-as follows:
H. Robing. E. Lefevre, L. Nunan, W. Lehner
and W. W. Robson,2 mm.; T. Hayselden, L. A.
Love, C. Lefevre, R. C. Siaats. O. B. Marston,
1:45; C. Gross, B. Burrell, 1:30; W. Poo'.e, C.
G. Myrick, P. Hayselden, B. Lehner, 1:15; W.
■B. Plumb, X \\ iiliams, 1 mm.; J. J. Borree, P.
A. Rosenheim, 30 sec; P. K. Mott, A. P.
l>eacon, C. D. Gooch, scratch.
The race is scheduled to start at 1 p. m.,
■ but this hour will probably be changed
to some time in the morning to give those
who so desire time to cross the bay and
attend the Velodrome races. Unless this
!is done several of the board of timers of
■the C. A. C. C. who have agreed to hold
watches on the Reliance race cannot do
so, as they had previously arranged to
time the Velodrome meet.
The officials of the Reliance race will be:
Referee— E. B. Jerome; judges— J. R. Neylan,
W. E. Griffith, A. P. Swain and R. T. McKis
eick; timers— P. H. Carlton, George P. Wet
more. George H. Strong, George H. Stratton
and H. D. Hadenfeldt; scorers— R. A. Bain Jr.,
NEW TO-DAT.
WILL LIFT YOU OUT OF BED
and put you on your feet
after a spell of sickness much
quicker and better than any
other tonic in existence. The
one Malt Extract which feeds
and strengthens, but does not
INTOXICATE.
All Druggists.
VAL BUTZ BREWING CO.,
MILWAUKEE, WIS., U. S. A.
LOUIS CAHEN & SON,
Who'e.sale Dealers,
416-418 Sacramento St,
THE FIELD OF SPORT.
H. H. Price and G. Williamson; starter, C. 8.
Myriik; marshals— J. and M. Jeiieit. -
Captain E. P. Flinn has called his first
run of the Imperial Cycling Club mem
bers for to-morrow, through the Park to
Trocadero, leaving the clr.brooms at 1
p. m. He has appointed W. L. Wilson and
E. P. Schneider lieutenants. The next
regular meeting of the club will be held
Monday, May 17, when an important
amendment to the by-laws will come up.
FJoyd A. McFarlandof San Jose secured
the world's indoor track mile competition
record last weefc at Chattanooga, Term.,
bringing it down to 2:06.
Walter N. Brunt, who has been promi
nently identified with cycling in tnis City
for many years, chi*fly in the California
Cycling Club and Camera Club Cyclists,
will be married next Wednesday evening
to Miss Margaret Elizabeth Whitelaw at
the First Congregational Clinrch.
The run of the Bay City Wheelmen to
La HonJa, scheduled for to-day and to
morrow by Captain Henry L. Day, has
been indefinitely postponed, as very lew
of the members cared to undertake such a
hard journey this early in the season; so
the members will go to the Velodome to
morrow afternoon instead. Mr. Wet
more's famous annual run toßlitiiedala is
talked of for the near future, however.
The California Cycling Club will hereaf
ter be controlled by a directorate, recently
elected, wnicn, with the officers chosen, is
as follows:
PresHent, Henry F.Wynne; vice-president,
H. C. Bush; secretary ,\Vuliam Reid; treasurer,
O. B. Johnson; sergeant-at-arnis, Peter dsen;
capiain, Fred B. Robbins; first lieutenant,
Fred N'ason ; second lieutenant, Fred Muller;
directors — Richard Allen, John F. Burke, Fred
N. Bent, A. Thei6ea,and Charles Mayer.
We have to go away from home
to get the news. The American
Wheelman, "cycling authority" of New
York, in its issue of April 29, speak
ing of the failure (?) of the Sunday
racing movement in this State, says that
"the first attempt at a Sunday meet was
made last Sunday at Alameda, Cal.,
under the new jurisdiction, but the races
had to be given up, as the riders refused
to take part fearing suspension from the
L. A. W." Well, well. Now for the facts.
There is not even a tract in Alameda. No
meet was given under the new "jurisdic
tion" until May 2, at San Francisco. The
grand Btands were packed with people
and there were more entries than at any
meet ever given before in this City. It
was pronounced the most successful meet
ever held here. We're going to hold an
other one to-morrow. Mr. Potter's
"organ I ' should come west and brighten
up a bit.
Th« Alameda Cyclers will journey to
Mill Valley to-morroW, ridi^. g Irom Sausa
lito. It is one of the most pictureque and
yet one of the easiest trip 3 hereabout.
The members of the San Francisco Road
Ciub, under command of Captain J. 6.
HAL FREEMAN, Captain of the Raisin City Cyders, Who Has
Been Appointed Handicapper for the San Joaquin District*
Lewis, will have a rnn to-morrow to Camp
Taylor. The start will be made from the
clubhouse at 8:30 a. m., and the 9 o'clock
boat will be taken to Sausalito and the
train to San Anselmo. From there Camp
Taylor is but sixteen miles distant, and
this being one of the most beautiful runs
in the vicinity of this City and the road
being in good condition Captain Lewis ex
pects a large attendance, and be asKs that
the members invite their cycling friends
to participate, and a pleasant day's outing
is assured them.
The riding of the racing members at the
Velodrome last Sunday was most satisfac
tory, and with the extra week's training
that Ralph Robinson, Chcrles Goodwin
and D. M. Francis have had they are ex
pected to finish among the first in the
races that they are entered in to-morrow.
The entertainment committee will bold
a meeting on Tuesday evening and a night
will be set on which to hold the postponed
smoker and high jinks.
The San Jose members of the club,
under the leadership of Dan Maddox, came
up last Sunday to witnebs the races at the
Velodrome, and they all left highly pleased
with Sunday racing.
The Olympic Club Wheelmen will hare
a run to-morrow under Captain Haden
feldt to Ceuterville taking the 9 A. m.
boat.
Th» Camera Club Cyclists held their
annual meeting and election Thursday
evening, the old officers being re-elected
as follows: President, Charles Albert
Adams; vice-president, vV. E. Goodrun;
secretary, A, G. McFarland ; treasurer. H.
C. Cantwell; captain, J. J. B. Areenti.
This makes the third term each f or Presi
dent Adams and Captain Ar;;enti show
ing their popularity with the members.
Captain Argenti was married the latter
part of last month to Miss Kottanzi. sister
of Supervisor Roitanzi.
To-morrow the Cameraites will have a
run to the Villa di Como, near San An
eelmo. Members will take the 9a. m. Sau
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, 31A.Y 8, 1897*
salito boat. The distance is short, the
ride agreeable ana a large crowd i* ex
pected. Spaldino.
THE PUGILISTS.
Men Who Are In Training for the
Near Future Battles Royal.
If the professional athletic clubs carry
out the programmes that have been ar
ranged, there will be a superabundance of
boxing this month. The Olympic Club,
which is not exactly a professional organ
ization, will give a professional boxing
carnival on the evening of the 18th inst.
Its star attraction will be a twenty-round
contest between Jeffries and Baker, but it
is extremely doubtful if the mill will last
more than ten rounds as the contestants
are big and powerful men who will not
iose much tmis in liddling or sparring for
openings. The second event on the Olym
pic card is a twenty-ronnd bout between
Gans and Leonard. Rilley and Sullivau
will open the entertainment with a ten
round contest.
Jeffries and Gans are in tplendid con
dition, but it is said by several people who
have seen Baker that the Eastern heavy
weight is very fleshy, and may not he in
prime condition to go a hard hstic race on
the evening of the mill. Doubtless Gans
and J-rffnes will sell strong favorites in
the poolrooms.
The California Athletic Club will enter
tain its friends on the evening of the
28th inst. The directors have matched
rrank Slaven and Smith, alias Smith the
Thunderbolt, tc box twenty rounds, and
as there aro numbers of the sport-loving
people in this City who are anxious to see
Siavin in battle, a large crowd is expected
in Woodward's Pavilion.
The Pacilic Club will also give an en
tertainment this month, but its card has
noi as yet been made out in full. The Na
tional Club was tninking oi holding the
Green and McKeever tight this month,
but in the face of all the other attractions
the officers of the club will doubtless pass
May and fix upon some early date in June
for this contest, wbien will assuredly be a
grand exhibition of fisticuffs between two
of the cleverest boxers in America.
The Fairmoum Athletic Club gave a
very interesting entertainment Wednes
day evening last in its handsome little
clubroom, Twenty - eighth and Church
streets. 'Ihe athletes who entertained the
spectators in bouts of boxing were T.
Murray and A. Sm:th, D. Sullivan and O.
Buhlinger, J. Kennedy and P. McGratb,
J. Kinney and C. Reno, "Spider" Kelly
and J. Sullivan, M. Callaghan and M. Ho
gan, J. Sullivan and J. Reilly, J. Leroux
and H. Hemme. The members were very
much pleased with the evening's athletic I
sport.
Peter Maher and Tom Sharkey are at
last booked to fight twenty rounds in New
York City on Juno 5. The papers say that
ti.e Irishman (meaning Maher, of course)
will have an easy game to win. As
Sharkey was born in Ireland it is diffi
cult to understand why he should be
termed the sailor and Maher the Irish
man, but then it makes but little differ
erence to the sporting public what they
are called so long as they put up a good
mill. Qood judges who have seen Maher
fight contend that if he cannot polish off
"the sailor lad" in five or six rounds
Sharkey will stand an excellent chance of
taking the long end of tho purse.
THE ANGLER.
Unhealthy Condition of the Trout
In San Andreas Lake— Late
Fly-Flshlng.
Anglers who fished Late P.larcitos last
Sunday say that the small trouc of that
lake are in fairly good order. Messrs.
Walker, Spencer, Cate, Dolliveaana Gibbs
returned with good baskets.
Anelers must remember that the Spring
Valley Water Company has instructed
its keepers not to allow any person to
camp on its property, consequently two
men who drove down to the lake last
Saturday expecting that they could camp
over night on the margin of the lake had
to harness up and return several miles
before they were outside the lines of the
company's property.
Frank Marcus and a friend filled their
baskets in less than one hour at San
Andreas Lake last Sunday. The fish are
in a horrible condition this year. Their
fins and gills are thickly covered with
parasites, and as an angler remarked a
few days ago when he was offered a few
San Andreas trout: "I would not give
them to my cat, therefore you must par
don me if I must refuse your kind offer
with all due respect, etc"
It was reported that the Fish Commis
sioners Had suggested to the Spring Val
ley Compsny not to open San Andreas
Lake until July 1, but on inquiry informa
tion to the contrary was gleaned.
Messrs. Vogelsang and Emeric have ad
vised the company to clean out the fishes
of San Andreas Lake, as they are in such
an unhealthy condition that they are un-
FRANK SLAVIN, Who Is Matched to Meet " Smith the Thun
derbolt" on the 28th Inst.
fit to be enten. The Commissioners would
be pleased to learn that the water com
pany had engaged prolessional fishermen
to net the lake in question of its steel
heads, which variety of trout belong to
the anadromous order of fishes that fre
quent tne coast streams only for the pur
pose of spawning during the winter
months. It is tho opinion of gentlemen
who have had many years' experience in
the study of fresh-water fishes that if the
water company's lakes were stocked with
Eastern trout and Loch Leren trout a
marked change for the better would be
noticed in a f<- v years hence.
Although the trout season opens this
year with very poor results to anglers it
is with pleasure that we can now state
that the outlook for good sport in June
and July is very good indeed. Corre
spondents have written to The Call that
the trout- fishing at the headwaters of the
big Sulphur CreeK, which stream empties
into the Russian River, near Cloverdsle,
has been excellent during the past few
days. Reports of a similar kind have
corns from Ukiah, near which town there
are several trout streams.
£ouider Creek has been fished with good
success last Wednesday and Thursday,
by Dr. Newhall, William Turner and
James Mmgrave.
Fishing on the Calaveras has been sin
gularly bad this year, but as the water is
very high anglers may not expect any
thing like good fly-fishing until June and
July.
An illustrated magazine named Western
Recreation, published in Victoria, B. C,
by C.jH. Gibson, gives a truly excellent
description of lake and stream fishing in
British Columbia, with illustrations.
This month's edition is replete with very
interesting articles on trout and salmon
fishing.
CRICKET CHIRPS.
Coming Events on the Home
Grounds and Echoes From
Abroad.
Notwithstanding past evidence to the
contrary the officers of the California
Club ins ist that they are able to put a
team into the field and will do so Sunday
week. This is good news and its verifica
tion will mean the carrying out of the
schedule as issued.
The Pacific Club have made arrange
ments to send an eleven to Penryn to
meet tho local team on Decoration day
and Sunday following.
The season has opened in England with
the Notts and Derbyshire colt events.
Owing to wet weather both games were
somewhat slow. !>>o big scores were made
and the Derby eleven took over an hour
and a half to make twenty-nine runs.
The Sussex Club has experienced a loss
in the resignation from its presidency of
the Earl of Sheffield, He has been suc
ceeded by the Duke of Norfolk.
T. Beaklave of Lower Lake, who pa«sed
through this city the other day en route
for England, reported that practice bad
commenced both in Burns Valley and
Lakeport. It is hoped that one of the as
sociated clubs will send a team up there
during the season.
The matches for to-morrow are: At
A'ameda, Pacifies vs. Alameda; at
Golden Gate, San Jose vs. Bohemians.
The latter announcement differs from the
schedule card, but is authorized.
A lengthy communication urging the
passing of a club law enforcing players to
sport their respective colors on the field
will receive my attention later.
Umpire.
THE OARSMEN.
Crews Have Gone Into Training for
the El Campo Regatta.
Now tbat a date has been agreed upon
for the El Campo regatta, and June 20 has
met with the approval of the rowing
clubs, the crews will commence training
at once.
Never before has such interest been
manifested in rowing circles as at the
present time.
At the meeting on Thursday evening
every club on the bay was represented by
two delegates, who promised in the name
of their clubs to enter men in every event.
In the junior barge race about eight
crews will enter; and with such crews as
the Olympics, Universities, Stocktons and
South Ends, this ought to be one of the
star events ol the day.
In the senior event the South Ends ana
the Stockton Giants will meet and settle
their old contention. The new senior
crew from the South Ends and a crew
from tne Ariels and Pioneers will also be
heard from in this event.
Perhaps the most interesting of the
single events will be the senior skiff race,
in which Frank Duplissea. William Mc-
Caußland, Dr. Dennis and George Phelan
will come together and decide wuich is
best man.
In the junior skiff race ,about fifteen
ambitious South Enders would like to
represent their club, and it will be neces
sary to hold a try-out at some time in the
near fnture.
Among the gentlemen who appear at
the boathouse with the intention of car
rying away the laurels are Jim Foley,
George Fox, Frank Burke, Matt Breen,
Archie Campbell, Joe O'Day, Charles Cut
ter, Tom Barry and Al J. Fritz.
The South Ends' picnic at Bohemia
Grove on last Sunday was a grand success
in every particular. With the proceeds,
which will amount to about $100, work on
the handball court will he resumed, and a
grand tournament will be given in the
latter part of June.
THE YACHTSMEN.
The Pacific Yacht Club Will Hold
Its Opening Next Saturday.
The Encinals have decided to accept the
challenge of the Corinthians for a race for
the San Francisco perpetual challenge
cap. The Encinals have not agreed on
a boat to represent the club, but it will
probably be the Fawn. The regatta com
mittee of both clubs will meet some time
next week to decide on a day for the race
and to arrange the details. It is reported
that ex-Commodore Pew will sail the
Aeolus, and if this be true the members of
the Corinthian Yacht Club may rest as
sured that such an excellent sailor as the
ex-commodore is will get every bit of
speed out of the Aeolus that the boat pos
sesses. The race must be sailed between
the 20th of May and the 20tn of June.
Next Saturday the Pacific Yacht Club
will bold its opening. The committee
has been exceedingly active and every
thing points to the success of the affair.
The following dates have been sot aside
for cruising:
Saturday, May 15, opening day (full moon);
Sunday, 16th, cruise in squadron under signal
-^ ' :. . ■ . ■ NEW .-.TO-PAT..
litffek THe stmmi i
illjiflh OSS i
It cures Constipation, Sick £*
>JHf^ Headache and Biliousness *J
2 Ws&Br wa^ that the unpleasant &fr
Jt 'T^^tgjg^^& results of common mcdi- b¥
412 sold t>y Drittjuts for Fifty Tean. c ne s are avoided. VJJ
TAMAKT*CO.,Ch«nLitB. York. "It tastes good, too " jj
from the commodore; Sunday, 30th, cruise to
Oakland.
California Yacht Club— Monday, May 31,
cruise in the channel. ' a
Corinthian Yacht Club— Sunday. June b,
race of naif-raters; Saturday, 12th, cruise to
McNears; Sunday, 13th, return; Sunday, 2< th.
cruise to Oakland. o
California Yacht Club— Saturday, July 3,
cruise to Vallejo; Sunday, 4th, at anchor on
Mare Island; Monday, sth, return home; Satu
rday, lOih. cruise to Angel Islaud.Quarry Cove;
Sunday, 11th, cruise home; Sunday, 18th,
race of half-ratere; Saturday, 31st, cruise to
Vallejo; Sunday, August 1. return ; Saturday,
7th, summer cruise up the river; Sunday,
15th, return homo summer cruise; Sunday,
22d, race of hall-raters ; Sunday, September 5,
recs of half-raters; Tuursday, 9tii, Interna
tional Club regatta; Snturday. 18th, cruise to
McXenrs; Sunday, 19th. return; Saturday, Oc
tober 2, closing day.
A suecial meetine of the yacht-owners
of the Corinthian Yacht Club will be heM
at the clubhouse tomorrow at 4:30 P.M.
to decide on the advisability of changing
the date of the annual regatta, which is
heJd on Decoration day. There seems
io be some question as to whether the
date can be cnanged. Under the consti
tution and by-laws the date cannot be
changed unless a special meeting of the
club is called to amend the constitution
and by-laws.
BASEBALL.
The Portlands and tha Cal if or n las
Will Play for Charity
To-Morrow.
The Uallfornfa Markets will meet the
Wili & Fincks at Central Park to-morrow
at 3 p. M.
They will lineup as follows:
California Markets. Position. Will <fe Klnck".
k ue ! 8 ;} Catcher Graham
lusieil Pitcher Smith
Murphy. First base Scott
J ecket second base Bliss
King 1 hird base Tiilson
.Monahiiri Shortstop Bil iugs
Heart, Lefi Weld O'toiiner
Uormeily Center lieu! al u.ier
Lee Went field sVilliains
Exiras-ilcllenouy, Bucker.
The following games will be played at
Sixteenth and Folsom street to-morrow:
Excelsior vs. Precita Parlor, Young Men's
Institute No. 34 vs. Y.,ung Men's Institute
No. 1, Newman <fc L'Visons vs. White
House, Californias vs. Portlands.
The games to be played at the Presideo
atliletic groundi to-morrow are: U. S.
Kegulars vs. Union Iron Works, Bulletins
vs. picked team.
The annual interparochiai baseball game
in Bid of St. Agnes Church will take place
at the California League grounds. Six
teenth and Folsom streets, to-morrow at
2:30 p.m. Ihe contesting teams will be
the Portlands of Hoiy Cross parish and
the Californias of Sacre i Heart parish.
As the teams are evenly matched and as
each contain!) some of the best amateur
players in the City, a close and bril
liant contest may be expected. The pres
ence of a large and enthusiastic Catherine:
is already a-sured, upward of a thousand
tickets having been disposed of within the
past, few days by the ladies of St. Agnes
fair. Charles Geggus will officiate as um
pire.
The make-up will b-» as follows:
Portlands. Position. California*.
Htzpat licit Pi U her A rchle Campb-ll
Kennedy Ca cher Charles o'Knne
Swjeegert Urst base L. Hihlebreclu
Fred Buiz Second base H. liunaban
Charles Kuster Third base. Jim N'ealon
Derhaiu Shortstop Ma honey
O'Toole. Lefi n>ld Sui'ivau
Cassas.ia Center field. McDermott
Joe KeUey Klgn t n.e;d- Hall
The Conway & Baumell baseball team
defeated the Souti; Ends at the recreation
grounds last Sunday by a score of 13 to 8.
The winners would like to arrange a
game with the Silver Stars of San Jose.
Address all challenges to C. McCarthy, 425
Fell street, San Francisco.
The Gold«n Star Baseball Club would
like to hear from any amateur team under
17 years. Address all challenges to A.
Amiot, 2429 Bryant avenue.
The Oleia Baseball Chid would like to
bear from all team* under 14 years. The
Florida Stars or the Social Stars preferred.
Address John Godsil, 2913 Harrison street.
Basket- Bail.
Tne Business Man's team of San Fran
cisco is still undefeated. This team has
now won nine games oat of nine in tne
present tournament.
The Rushers played the Business Men
at the San Francisco Young Men's Chris
tian Association gymnasium, but the Cy
clones played the Athens on the hard
floor across the bay.
As this tournament draws near its close
a great improvement can be noticed in
the work of all teams. The Rushers
gave the Business Men the hardest "rub"
of the season when these two teams
played together last Thursday evening.
The defense put up by the Rushers was
perfect. The Business Men could score
only after hard work, and their victory is
due to the splendid combination of all the
men on their team. Captain Anger proves
to be a man of quick judgment Good
rich can catch tae ball on the fly mid
knows how to bring it saf *lv home. Wil
son and Bernhard are a splendid couple,
and Titus held the fort in the thickest
battle. Batzer and H. G. Ward piay at
guard and very seldom allow an enemy to
try for goal.
The score at the close of the second half
of last Thursday's game was 20 to 4 in fa
vor of the Business Man.
Handball Games.
Phil Ryan, manager of the San Fran
cisco ball court, has announced the fol
lowing games, which will be played on
Sunday:
G. Magulre and J. Hussey vs. F. Lufkin and
M. Maguire, E. Toy and J. Collins vs. R. Mur
phy and J. White, D. Rodders and P.Ryan
vs. G. McDonald and M. McNeil, C. Bullivnn
ana J. N&gle vs. M. Fogarty and J. SLattery, R.
Lineban and Al Hampton vs. J. C. Neaion and
P. Donnelly.
The event of the day will be the finish of the
single-hand game between J. Riordan and T.
F. Bonnet.
Rifle at Shell Mound.
There will ba lots of shooting to-morrow
on the Shell Mound rifle range. The
following clubs will hold their regular
contests: Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club,
San Francisco Bchuetzen Verein and Gar
mania Bchuetzen Club, monthly medal
contests; Norddeutscher Shoo tine Club,
bullseye shoot; Independent Rifles and
Red Men's Schuetzen Section, medal con
tests; military companies C. G, X, M and
F, monthly class medal contests.
The Gun.
The gun clubs which will meet to-mor
row for tne purpose of pulverizing clay
birds at known and most generally un
known angels are Olympic at Ineleside
Empire at Alanieda Point, Reliance at
Webster street and Golden Gate at Ala
meda Junction.
Page Must Stand Trial.
Judge Wallace yesterday refused to dismiss
the embezzlement charge against J. D Pace
and the case- will soon be set down for trial '
gflHp,!,,.. nyiU%j Tte papers arc full
I 8 8 IC| | of deaths from
: ||Jjfyi^ ! Heart
} m^^ I Failure
1 y&£*Z*£f^ g %
pnii|inrui', ■...inijiiiiiipi - Of course •
X^rt'-J the heart fails to act •
• when a man dies, •
• but "Heart Failure," so called, nine •
; times out of ten is caused by Uric J
I Add in the blood which the Kidneys X
• fail to remove, and which corrodes «
• the heart until <t becomes unable to •
I perform its functions. *
• Health Officers in many cities very •
• properly refuse to accept Heart Fail- •
I ure, n as cause of death. It is fre- •
S quently a sign of ignorance in the %
I physician, or may be given to cover •
• up the real cause. I
i §sf%s* 1
i A Medicine with 20 Years of •
• ••• Success behind it . • %
I a «
I will remove the poisonous Uric Add Z
• by putting the Kidneys in a healthy I
• condition so that they will naturally •
• eliminate it. Z
FREE! FREE I FREE!
NEXT MONDAY, MAY io,-
GIFT DAY,
7th Anniversary.
Waller Bros.,
The Leading Druggists
of San Francisco.
Every Patent Medicine on this day at cost.
33 Grant Aye., cor. Geary St.
ry^DQ cancers
\\ i and TUMORS ttoa o k u «
Wo Pay Until Cured !
P BE^isp^w ®O pag:e I* 00 *- free
JwiSagSS Sk^^^K wiUl testimonials of many
Wo nder f v 1 C nre s.
■ M J I Worst common places
B \ \drJ '~ Women's Breasts
'^ s *' an man's face and lips.
S. R. CHAMIJT, M. D., 71 9 Market St., S. F.
Send to Some One with Cancer
<^ SFAl Oo
DOCTOR SWEANY, "
Whose Kepntatlon In Katablighed br
Ten Ye>ars of Unparalleled Success
at 737 Markpt Street, San Franclsoo.
1 The ablest and most successful specialist ol
: the age in the trea'raent of all Chronic Nerv-
ous Hnd Private Diseases of both Men and
Women. All disenses of the Eye, Ear, Head,
Throat, Lungs, Stomach, Liver and iJowels,
Kidney, Bladder and Urinnry Troubles, Rup-
ture. Cntarrh, Pile*, Eczema nnd V«ricocele
treated with unfailing success. Diseases of
womau peculiar to her sex scientifically treated
and permanently cured. Loss or partial loss of
manly power and vigor in young, m'ddle-aped
or old men positively restored. Weakening
drains which sap the vitality, destroy the
| health, cause paralysis, insanity and prema-
ture death, quickly and permanently stopped.
Private diseases of every name atid nature
cured without leaving any bad effects, and
that disease which poisons the blood, decays
the bones and causes more physical and men-
tal suffering than any other known diseas3
thoroughly and forever cure>l.
Heart, Brain, Nerves and Blood.
If you have a dizziness of the head and pal-
pitation of the heart, difficult bremhing and
suffocating feeling, a tired, irritable discou-
tented feeling, and a fe ir[of impending danger
or death, a dread of being alone or tne reverse;
il your memory is failing and you are gloomy
and despondent and feel an aversion to so-
ciety, you are suffering from a d'sease which
may soon prove very serious. You hnvo no
, time to lose.
Write your troubles if living awny from the
city. Thousands cured at home. Letters are
answered in all foreign languages. Corre-
spondence strictly confidential. Book, Guida
to Health, sent free on Application. Address,
F. L. SWE ANY, M.D.,
. 737 Market street, San Francisco, Cal.
MADE ME A MAN
§AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CURE
ALLSrrvous Diseases— Mom*
ory.lm potency, Sleeplessness, etc., caused
by Abase or other Esceasos and Indis-
cretions. They quickly and turelw
restore Lost Vitality in old oryonng. and
a for study, business or marriage.
5» Prevent Insanity and Consumption it
mo. Their nso shows immediate improve-
ment and effects a CURE whoro all other fail In-
sist upon having the genuine AJ*Z Tablets. They
have cured thousands and wi 1 1 euro yon. We give a pos-
Itive writtua Ku.irantee to olToct a (tire fff\ pTQ in
each case or refund tho money. Price wW U I Wiper
package; or six pkges (full treatment) for 52.50. liy
mail, in plain wrapper, upon receipt of price. Circular
'«" AJAX REMEDY CO., HEE&T& 1 -*
For sale i:i San Francisco, Cal., by Owl Druglo.,
1128 Alar if et St., and Lelpnitz ct Co.. 25U Batfrrt.
Ba j a California
Damiana Bitters
T9 A POWERFUL APHHODISIAC AND
X specific tonic for the sexual and urinary orgam
of both sexes, and a great remedy for diseases >;
the kidneys and bladder. A great Kesiorativs*
vigorator and Nervine. Sells on its owa Meriu;
lio Joiig-winded testimonials neceisary.
>Aisl£K." AU» & iSKtI-XK, Agents.
323 Market St., s>. F. — (Send tor Circular)
I J^RMANENT^ CURE 1
' 5 «f th 9 most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea and S
■ P Gleet, guaranteed In from 3to 6 days ; no >
C other treatment rcqnired, and wltrtotit the rmu.S
C seating results of dosing with Cutebs, Copaiba > ■
:< or Sandal-Wood, J.Ferr* Co., (im<-ccsBorsto>
$Brou\ Pharniscien, Paris. At all drnpclsts. ?
NOTARY PUBLIC.
A. J. henry, notary Vublic,
fiOQ MAKKhT -I., ,OPP, PALAI'K UOrEL
. \JtHO Teleplione 670. ? Residence '909 • Valeacl*
street. ■ Telephone 'Church" 15,KEDON'S SON IS
THOMAS SMITH
Sensational Contest Filed in
the Probate Court
Yesterday.
Krs. Mitchell Seeks to Enforce
the Legal Rights of Her
Offspring.
S.cret Romance in the Life of a Weil-
Known Pioneer Eusiness Maa
of San Francisco
. Another sensational probate contest is
promised in the settlement of the estate
of Martin Kedon, deceased. The case
present- just such a romantic development
of affair* as wo.*id scarcely be possible in
any country except California under the
peculiar conditions that obtained in the
earlier and more informal days of the
City's history.
The matter wa« brought up formally in
judge Coffey's court yesterday on the ap
j -.i-ation of Attorney P. J. Wogan to
Lave Mrs. T. A. Mitchell appointed guar
dian of her 14-year-old son Frank, in or
cier that she might enforce his claim to a
child's share of the Kedon estate, which is
taid to be worth not less than $90,000.
Although .h!> iuovo was a surprise to
tie court it was no: unexpected so far as
;tie other heirs are concerned who have
known of the iad's claim to kinship
conntofhis acknowledged parentage,
as the decedent could make such
acKnowi^ii^ment.
Sirs. Mitchell is tae widow of T. A.
.Mitcneii. who was chiei deputy for Sandy
Austin when trm enterprising gentleman
T\as Tax Collector of this City and County.
Mr. Mitcaolidiedabo-.it twenty years ago
and Mr>. Mitchell established a boardine
bouse, in order to support herself and her
two chilJr^n.
Martin Kedon, known as a prosperous
merchant, was one o: the boarders at Mrs.
Mitchell's house. He was establisnea
t: ere with hi* tnreechiidre.i and held him
self out to Mrs. Mitchell at;d the rest of the
world as a widower, alleging that his wife
was dfiid. Kedon and h:s children care
zuarded as a family secret the fact that
Mrs. Kepon, the wife and mother, was an
inmate of an insane asylum, to which she
v.as co mm it ted in 1868, and as all mention
of the adjudication ol insanity had been
from publication in the news
n there was no knowledge m the
community touching the insanity of Mrs.
Kedon.
Soon after Kedon moved into Mrs.
Mitchell's hou?e he began to show her
marked attention, and finally propns'd
marriage. She knew nothing of the exist
ence of his wife and promised to marry
Mm. Ihen arose some dirhculties whicn
*ie told her were insufferable on account
of their difference in religious belief, and
which lie assured her would preclude the I . r
marriage in the usual wav by a ceremony
in the church. He thereiore suggested
t:iai they be married by contract, and
finally pursuaded her that as the contract
l.an had been heid legal and sufficient in
other cases, it would be good enough for
t;.em.
When Mrs. Mitchell gave up her board
ing-i.' ::-e they ail moved to a privale
reside-ce on Mission street, where the
b >v James was born.
Keaon's children were by this time old
enough to understand the situation, and a
revelation of the true state of iacts was
hsd to all parties in interest. Mrs.
Mitchell, who is a woman of high charac
ter, at once separated from Kedon, and
tfaoueh she had been made to suffer by the
duplicity of the man >he had regarded as
her husband, she made no public demon
stration against him.
In the meantime youne Frank grew to
lusty boyhoo'l, and was constantly kept
in mind by his father. Martin Kedon, who
provided for his wants carefully from the
day of his birth. Frank was sent to school,
and his tuition was paid for openly br
K?don, and two years ago the boy was
taken into Kedon's store a= a clerk under
the name of Thomas Smith, though Ke
don revealed to the boy their true relations,
and told him tiiat he had as much light
there as anybody. The other employes
about the establishment had a clear un
derstanding of the lad's status
For some time Mrs. Mitchell has been
consider. 112: the advisability of presenting
her son's claims for a portion of the Ke
don estate. Her own children urged ncr
not to do so. but she finally decided that
she must do her duty to the offspring of
Mr. Kedon and herself regardless of what
tni -ht be said by the public.
The insane Mrs. Kedon is 3tiil living
and is still an inmate of the State Insane
m. Under the .aw she is entitled to
(60,000 or two-thirds of the properly,
which will leave $30,000 10 be divided
among the cbi.dren. 1; Frank is declared
a legal heir he will bo awarded a quarter
of the last-named amount
Tho question of lecitimization will
present some points not bicutrto decided
in this .State. It was thought that nearly
every phase of 'he matter of declaring
legitimate children born out of wedlock
had been presented in the cases of Je»«up.
TOW TO-DAT.
A Weak IVian
A man who has wasted the power of
youth by excesses and fast living is only
half a man. To him the greatest pleasures
are only pastimes; he enjoys nothing, be-
cause his delicate senses are stunted and
all his vital powers weafc. Are you one of
them ? Go to the spring of life— electricity; \
drink to your heart's satisfaction, saturate
your body with its vitalizing powers. It
will restore your manhood. It is life, and
will renew wliat you have lost.
DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT,
vented years a?o, now as near perfect
as science can mafce it. Pnysicians recom-
mend it as tl:e one remedy which will
restore manly vigor. It will prove a fruit-
ful source of energy to your shattered
nerve forces. Try it.
SASDEX ELECTRIC CO..
632 Market BL, opp. Palace Hotel, San i'nnclgco.
Office hours— B a. s€. to 8:30 F. M.: Sundays, 10 to
1. Los Angeles office. 204 South Broadway: Port-
land Or, 25» Washington bt.; Denver, Cola.
936 Slxt«enih St.
NOTE— Make No Mlutnlce in the Number, 632
iXarkei street.
Biythe, McDonaid et al., but here is an
instance where a child claims heirship
from a man, who. though admitted to be
his father, had living a wife who was not
the child's mother.
Preparations for final distribution of the
estate had been made, but this formality
will necessarily be postponed until the
contest here raised can be heard and
decided.
CYCLE MEET TO-MORROW.
Entrien, Heata and Handicaps for the
Velodrome Kacei- Officials
Who Will Acr.
The following are the entries, heats and
handicaps for the bicycle meet to be held
at the Velodrome, Fell and Baker streets,
10-morrow afternoon at 2 o'clock:
Two-tnirds of a mile, open, professional —
First heal— C. R. Coulter, O. C \V., San Fran
oisco- Ed Chapinnn. E. «'. C, Napa; H. K.
Slater, B . C. W., Phoenix, Ar!z.; B. 11. Elford,
R. A. C, Oakland.
Second heat— A. N. Jones, O. C. W.,B*a Fran
cisco: H. E. McCrea, K. W., Los Angeles; F. M.
Byrne. I. C. I., Sun Francisco; tL Bieuler,
Paris, France. ; ;" V i
Third heat— Otto Ziegler, G. C. C, San Jose;
C L Davis. O. C. \V." Sau Jose; P. iletcalf, I.
C. C. San Francisco; A. M. Boyden, Oakland.
Two-mile posi race, professional— First heat:
B. H. Elford, R. A. C, Oakland; 11. E. McCrea,
R. W. Los Angeles; M. Bieuler, Paris, Fiance;
C. R. Coulter, O. C. W-, San Francisco.
Second heat— Ed chapman, E. C. C, >apa;
H. K. Stater. B. C. \V.. Phoenix. Ariz.; A -V
Jones, 0 C. W., San Francisco; P. Metcalf, I. C.
C. . San Francisco. _
Third heat-F. M. Byrne, I. C. C, San Fran
cisco; Otto Ziegler. G. C. C. San Jose; A. M.
Boyden, Oakland; C. L. Davis, O. C. W., ban
Francisco. . .
One mile, handicap (amateur)— irst heat:
E. F. Russ. O. C. W., San Francisco, scratch:
Charles krtut, B. C. W., San Francisco, 30
yards; E A. Bozio, i. C. C . San Francisco, oO
yards; K. Robinson, 6. F. K. C. San Francisco,
100 yards. .  ,
second heat-P. R. Molt, R. A. C, Oakland,
scratch; Morris M. Cook, O. C. W., San Fran
oisco, 25 yards; D. E. Francis, 8. J. R. C, B»a
Jose, <>O yards ; Frank Aruoia. G. G. C. «... San
Francisco, 80 yards; A. T. Smith, E. O. W.,
East Oakland, 90 yards.
Third heat— J. E. '.Ving, O. C. W., San Jose,
scratcn; H. W. Squires, Acme. o.kiand. '_0
yards; i harles Good»ic. S. F. R. C." San Fran
cisco, H.'> yards; F. L, Norton, B. C. \\\, San
Francisco, 80 yards; V. Verilhac, B. C. \V.,
Paris, France, 90 yaras. s
Tne meet is sanctioned by tae Califor
nia Associated Cycline Clubs and will be
managed by oliiciais of tuat organization
as follow?:
Referee, James M. Hamilton ; judges— Charles
A. Adam-, F. H. Kerrigan and H. 1". Wynne;
timers— George P. Wetmore, J. F. MeGlynn, \V.
I. Pixley aud A. P. Swam ; scorers— Sol Peiser,
George Boui.let aud P. G. Alexander; um
pires—A. G. Ehmann, C. H. Trolliet, R, R.
Huss; clerk. W. L. l.uos; assistant!?, Ed
Weatuerhead and L Schoei feldt ; announcer,
George E. Dixon ; starter, Douglas White.
MONEY AND DIAMOND GONE.
An Kastcrn Young Woman Want* the
ArTs! of Uuf.is Vassar
Miis Maude Dugjtan, a Cashing blonde,
appealed to Judge Low yesterday for the
arrest of Rutus Vassar on a charge of em
bezzlement.
Tue young woman claims Chicago as
her home, and she is tun here on a visit,
stopping at the Ramona Hotel on Ellis
street.
Some time ago, when her father sent
her $I*o witli which to return home, she
met young Vassar, a descendant of the
Vassars of college fame, who is stopping
tit the Baldwin Hotel.
They attended the races quite frequently
and were otherwise much in each other's
company. The acquaintanceship was so
strone ;nat Vassar waa made her banker
with her Fall consent.
.Now Ifise Duggan mourns her money
and a $200 diamond ring which she gave
Vassar to have fixed at fchreve's.
£1 Capitati
Is delightfully criticized in Neva Letter
to-day.
THE -CALL" RACING GUIDE.
CALIFORNIA JOCKHY Ci ÜB. Oakland Racstmck. Friday, May 7. Eightieth day of the
winter meeting. 1896-97. Weather fine, track fast.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, 3IAY 8, 1897.
JOCKEY JONES
WAS SUSPENDED
For a Dilatory Sort of Ride
Astride the Favorite
Zimar 11.
George Snider Brought Mike
R cc in at Fashion
able Odds.
Mirth Tripped Over tin Wire at OJds
of 20 to l-Bsrs;en Rode Peter
the Second F.ultlessly.
The racing game generally does assume
a peculiar phase as the and of the sa&son
approaches and the present one atEmery
vill presents no exception. Jockey Eddie
Jones, who hitherto has always borne a
eood reputation, was suspended yesterday
for a ticklish sort of ride he furnished
aboard Dan Honig's sprinter, Zaniar 11.
The cause of all the upheaval was the
tourtn race on the card, a five-furlong
sprint, wiih some of the fastest ones quar
tered on the track entered. Tea Rose de
clined the issue, as her stable people were
afraid of Quicksilver, so it was stated.
Zamar with 107 pounds up was made an
even-money choice, but as the demand
was not adequate to the supply receded to
2 to 1 at post time.
Three and four to one was always ob
tainable against Quicksilver. Yemen,
wiih 122 pounds up, ridden bjr H. Shields,
was the desired of aii, being hammered
: down from V% and 4tol to 11 to 5. En
j taring the »7retch behind Quicksilver
! Shields on Yemen did not worry, but took
I his time and eventually won by over a
' length in 1:01}^ Jones brought Zamar
I up with a rusu at the end, taking the
i place from Quicksilver by a scant' head.
■ Dunboy, Fly and Key Salazar cut a very
i smail iigure in the running.
The complexion of the race did not
! please the judges in the stand, neither did
I it suit Patrol Judge Morion. The booK
; matters' sheets w. re called for and some
jof them presented a hazy aspect. It was
| freely intimated the race was a "'shoo in"
' for the winner, and many rumors relating
| to the horses and tneir immediate con
j uections were prevalent, but of coursa
! lacking in authenticity.
The judges nad a perfect view of the
race, an:, aa bets were allowed to stand,
Jones should be exonerated from bleme.
Followers of the favorites had a day of
dbaster, as but two of the choices man
a^edtoiand. The play in the ring was
lively, and the majoriiy of the books
ma'ie quite a clean-un.
The i'exas horse, M.ke Rice, afforded a
miid surprise in the opening six-.uriong
sprint, winning very handily at olds of
10 to 1, ridden by George Snider. Of the
original twenty-one entries tweive lined
up at the barrier. In me betting St.
Aignon was an 11 to 5 choice anil was
never in the chf»se. Prominent all the
way to the stretch, Mike there headed
Hymn and passed the wire three lengths
ne:ore Aima, the second choice. Blue
lie i was a close third.
Fifteen two-year-olds sported silk in the
five-furlong sprint, with Zapata, the Burns
& Waterhouse entry, ruling a2to 1 fav
orite in tbe ring. The wise money, how
ever, was played in on Snider's mount,
Saticoy, who was second choice. When
the barrier was raised, Piggott hustled tne
Corrigan entry. Mirth, a 20 to 1 outsider,
out in front, and the filly wai never cau* ht,
winning by four leugths, with Eroica,
another rank outsider, finishing second,
a neck before Los Prietos. Saticoy ran a
good race, but could not get within the
money.
By Holly tried an old-fashioned uncork
ing in the third event at seven and a half
furlongs, with Fortnnate, but the warm
one was beaten out a neck by tue 8 to 5
favorite, Intiammator. splendidly ridden
by little Ciawson. Ten to 1 was eas:!y ob
tainable against Nolly's horse and those
in on the 'know" quietly unloaded.
Miss Ruth and Fortunate made the run
ning into the stretch, where Fortunate
drew away and looked to be winning.
Clawsou was now fortunate in getting
through next tbe rail with the favorite,
and in a drive gained the verdict by a
neck. Frank Jaubert was a good third.
The mile and a quarter was prolific of
another dump. Tne black horse Judse
Denny was installed a pronounced if to 10
favorite in the belting, and after tip
toeing it for over a mile with Coliins
showed signals of distress. About this
time Bergen broneht Peter tne Second up,
and in a mild drive downed Collins half a
lengtu in 2:08' 4 '- Billy McCloskey, a3O to
1 shot, was a good third.
At odds of 3 to 5, Colonel Wheeler,
ranked a* a wild horse, made a gallop of
the sixth race over a mile, winning gal
loping from Wheel of Fortune, which
showed quite an improvement in form.
Imp. Trance ran a remarkably good race,
finishing third.
Opening a 6 to 5 choice for the final
seven-and-a-half-furlongs selling run, Re
tugee receded to twos and never got to
the front. Midai, a(i to 1 chance, shook
Morven off before the sir^tcn was reached,
and at the wire bat Earl Cochran out
half a length in 1:36& May R, at 12 to 1,
finished in the show.
NOTKS.
For the first time in many months Si
McClain was seen up in the saddle again
yesterday. Si has been on the suspension
list for some lime, and his many friends
were pleased to see him riding again. It
looks as thougn he had been more than
sufficiently punished for that listless ride
of His on Babe Murphy when many, many
other worse ones furnished by other
riders have been pas?ed over unpunished.
Eroica, the St. Savior ti'.ly which fin
ished second in the two-year-old scramble,
was a 100 to 1 shot in the ring.
George Snider's excellent ride on Mike
Rice was in marked contrast to some of
his more tardy ones of the pa*t few days.
Snider has good hands and feet and could
easily become a favorite with the public
Following are to-aay's entries:
First race, five-aigbthsof a mile, ssllitit.
i»75 Roy Caruthers.lo7 976 Grandezia 10*2
976 Reel 10-' 853 Altanera lOJ
(968) FannyS 105 975 Atlicus 101
95u Claudiana 10S 968 Widow Jonea . 10J
875 KzeWle! jO7 *ti* Red Korlt 102
9^l Jas. Porteus .107 973 Vik.ng 104
Second race, three-quarters of a mile, telling.
969 Monitor 9T| 979 Rica>do 95
976 Nervo»o 95 976 Heartsease 101
b95 Dolore 91 977 Jioilie R. »8
9i9 Dotec.ive (by 975 Chappie «0
Cornel) 107 958 Cbas. A 103
9i*9 Cousin J'je. ...104 Alcairaz 105 ]
957 Mary N laves. 91 666 Dorsey 107
»71 liernjanita 99, 876 Faniile E 101
Third race. fiv<.-eign;hi of a mile, two-year-olds.
' 959 I'ick (97f)EUmore 11l
97-< Twiniler 104 96:-t Bonnie 10ne. .. 9t>
(»87)MictmeI 116 9512 Lona Marie. ... 96
(959)Torsida lla| .
Fourth race, one aud a sixteenth miles, selling.
<«63)Osricll 107 j 9sß Cogeut 93
974 » ercu',l 104 V 42 Rey del Tierra.lol
9«7 <Jeorjte I'^liner. 9)*j 9t>7 N.ebuia..., 99
974 Fort Aususlus.lo7| 906 Veioz 98
Fifih race, one mile.
! (9S6)Co. \Vbeeler...lO6' 973 Buck<v» 123
j 9i>o toisina . il»7j 961 Argentina 107
1 961 5m5uma.. ...... 116! .  •
-ixth race, thre<"-.|iibriers of a mile, selling.
973 Horatio.... 90, 965 Olive 105
9»'5 Moba!asc«.. 99 (969) rttranto 306
965 I)onO«ra... i 10S 9»0 Walter J.......10J
(931) Koivalsky. i liWOSJj Yemen 109
(977)^ea S*pray^.....lO9i i»l Hose Clark 105
WM) Moutaltade 107 973 Maln»tar 110
929 ir.ipi»an 106 962 Pelxotto 105
(tßl»)Losan ]14 9«5 leril 105
■ — _
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
First race— Grande/.ia, Kzekiel, Clau
diana.
Second race— Ricardo, Hermanita, N>r
vos;>.
Third race— Dick, Minhae', Tor*ida.
Fourth race— X *y del Tierra, Mercutio,
Osric 11.
Fifth race— Sat>»uina, Buckwa, Colonel
Wheeler.
8 xth race — Ypnien, I>ril, Horatio.
AN UNWELCOME GUEST.
Alfred Le Xorniaud, au Insane Person,
Must lie Fed in the Keceiving
Hospital.
Alfred Le Normand is au unwelcome guest
at the City Receiving Hospital. In addition
to that fact is another that he is dissatisfied
wltn his present abode, as arc the people
whose duty it Is to guard him.
L? Normand is of unsound mind and dan
gerous to himself and others. Two mouths
ago he attempted to kill his lather, and being
adjudged insaue he was committed to the asy
lum at Agnews, whence he escaped thirty
days later. He was recaptured and again
locked up.
Attorney M. M. Foote, secretary for an insti
tution which proposes io care for Ihe interests
of all personb declared insane, has caused Le
Normand to be liberated on habeas corr.us
from the asylum, and pending a further ex
amination as to the young man's sanity hu
lia* been ordered into charge ot the physi
cians at the Keceivine Hospital for ten days.
This is a rather unusual proceeding and is
causing much dissatisfaction.
The Hospital is not calculated for a place to
harbor any being excepting injured teople
and those held fora few hours before com
mitment to an asylum or a discharge. The
Supervlsois have only appropriated the small
sum of $50 per montu to feed these pension
er*, and Matron Kane is at her wit's end to
make both enls meet. As a matter of fact she
has been oblig d to draw on her own resources
quite frequently to furnish necessary and ap
propriate food "to hfr patients. The addition
of a hoarty feeder like youne Le Nornmnd for
a period of ten days is certainly not appreci
ated by tne matron.
HELD OUT THE MONEY.
Druggist Campbell Mutt Aimiver on a
Charge of Felony Embezzlement.
William Campbell, a druggist at Ninth and
Howard streets, has been hell to answer be
fore ihe Superior Court onacharge of felony
embezzlement.
According to the testimony in the lower
court, the complaining witness, a Mrs. M.
Chisholm, was knocked down atid injured by
a Ninth-street car opposite defendant's place
of Dullness.
Campbell administered the first care to the
wounded i«dy, and in the course of time he so
lngraiiftt'd himself into her esteem that she
gave him her power of attorney to make a set
tlement of damages with the car company.
Recently Mrs. Chisholm and her friends
learned that instead of $75, which Campbell
claimed had been received by him from the
company aud of whicti he gave Mrs. Chisholm
$25 in full settlement, he had got $400.
Wier Swindled a Servant Girl.
Andrew J Wier was sentenced to eight years
at uard labor in the State Prison at S*n Queu
tin by Judge Wallace yesterday. Wler was
convicted oi swindling Louisa Peters, « ser
vant girl, out of $200 by writing love letters
to tier, and finally induced her to give him the
money in order tnai he mignt get a situation.
i; phiril Morse Indicted.
The United States Grand Jury yesterday
found an Indictment for forgery against
Richard Morse, an 18-year-ola boy who forged
the name of Fred W. Appleby to a postal
money order f>r $24 88, drew it from the
Oak and posioffice Rnd spent the money.
Morse ras arrested while attending the fiesta
in Los Angeles.
Divorce Suits Filed.
Suits for divorce have been filed In the
Connty Clerk's office, as follows:
Fannie Harriet Daywalt against George W.
Day wait, for desertion.
Eliza Adams against Charles Adamf, for
neglect and desertion.
MUSICIANS FEEL
MUCH AGGRIEVED
Supervisors Will Be Re
quested to Modify an
Ordinance.
Earnest Work in Behalf of S.
D. Worden by the Labor
Council.
Charges Against Two Business Firms
Cigarmakers Urge Patronaga of
the Union Libel.
The action of the Board of Supervisors,
taken two week 3 ago, rescinding ali per
mits to drive advertising wagons through
the public streets conies in the nature of
a grievance to the Musicians' Union,
which made a vigorous protest against it
at last evening's session of the San Fran
cisco Labor Council. It was said that
such legislation on the part of the board
would throw many union bands out of
employment, especially those accustomed
to draw attention to attractions by making
music on streetcars. A committee was
appointed in the persons of A- Davis,
Secretary EJ Rosenberg and S. Chidley to
wait upon the board and endeavor to in
duce it to modify its action.
Tbe District Council of Or penters and
Joiner* of Amenta, through its business
agent, H. M. Saunders, «ent in a com
munication and circular calling attention
to the "unfair treatment of orgnniz d
labor in San Francisco by a Market
street grocery firm, the proprietors of
which were charged with employing
cheap, unskilled labor to do interior car
penter work in their new store against
the protests of the unions.
The secretary was requested to notify
the district council of carpenters, that the
delegates to the various unions would be
requested to bring the matter to th- at
tention of their respective bodies, with
the recommendation that it be a .verlised
as widely as possible.
The Labor Council has been working
untiringly of late to influence the Gov
ernor to" commute Train-wrf cker Wor
den's sentence to liie imprisonment, and
i has requested that official to grant a com
mittee a hearing in tne matter. A letter
from him was read granting a hearing tor
Thursday, May IS, at 11 a. m. Accord
ingly 'hp committee, composed of Attor
ney E R. Bush, James h. Barry, editor
of tne Star, and Andrew Furuseth, will co
' 10 Sacramento and make argument at that
I time.
Senator George C. Perkins wrote an ac
' knowledguuMit of his receipt of the letter
cal in'z attention to facts alleging that A.
W. Francisco is not a proper person lor
the office of Collector of the Port of Lou
Angeles, and promisrd to give the matter
due consideration.
I; was reported by t! c Musicians' Union
that the Cafe Zinkand had discharged its
union band and hired a non-union one.
The mmtcr was reierred to the executive
committee to take action.
The Cigar-makers reported that at their
last meeting a .-pecial committee of ten
wni appointed to agitate toe usage of blue
i:i bel cigars, which iatjel was asserted to i c
the only proof that cigars are not made
by Chinese or Eastern tenement iaoor.
A LADY TO PEEACH
A Star of the Late Congress to Shine at
Howard Church.
Mr?. Mountford, better known as Mis 3
yon Finklestein, will preach at Howard
M. E. Churcn to-morrow evening.
Miss yon Finklestein, who was born in
Jerusalem, was a prominent attraction at
the recent Woman's Congress, where s-he
read a paper that c:eated adecid; d hit.
Burial of Indigent Dead.
The contract for the burial of the indigsnt
dead for the year en<! ing June 30, 1898, was
let yesterday by the Health and Police Com
mittee of the Board of Snpervlsors to the
Western Addition Funeral Directors at $4 for
each interment. The bids were: Pacific Un
dertakers. $4 38; J. L. Godeau, .*!. andß West
ern Addition Funersl Director?, $4.
For Fifteen Years.
Tn Judge Carroll Cook's court yesterday
Louis Martcleff. asrea IS years, was convicted
of assaultine Henry llnrtman near the Ciiff
House last March, Martclcff waived time and
asked to be sentenced at once. He was con
signed to the State Prison at Folsomfor fineon
years. ________ —
MOTHER AND SON.
Both Sorely Afflicted, but Beliff Is
Found in Dr. Williams' Piok Pills
for Pale People
From the Call, Lafayette. Ind.
The Call nas known the Byers lamily of Tal
bo:, Ind., for a long time, and J. W. Byers :■>
one of those deliberate men who say litile, Dut
re»d and observe much. Mr. Byers has been
suffering for ihe past three years with grip and
kindred troubles. His mother has ever been
a sufferer, resulting later in the most aggra
vating form of rheumutism. Some time ago
Mr. Byers was persuaded by a neignbor to try
Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. It didn t take long
to set Mr. Byers to talking about this remedy,
and the Call sent a special representative to
his home to ascertain the exact facts. So many
queer stories and uurelir. b e testimor.ies are
published of medicines and iheir marvelous
cures that this journal was not at all credu
lous. If the Pink Pills had done the good
work the fact snould be pubi sited, and if not
no imposition should be tolerated. The sub
joined sworn statement of Mr. Bvers is suffi
cient. It tells the facts simply and briefly :
"i know positively mat I was cured by Dr.
Williams' Pint Pills. I was persuaded by one
ot my neighbors, Maxeu Williams, to try
tnein, 'a* he olainieu to have been cured by
these pills. I bad the grip three times, and
win taken down with rheumatism, and did
not expect to live. Tne doctors said I would
never get well. They advised rae to take a
change o:' climate. 1 was reduced from 135 to
105 pound*, and would have simply laded
away had I not begun uiing the Pink Pills.
As soon as I began taking the Dr. Williams'
Pink Pills I began to gain strength and the
use of my limb' was restored. 1 had been al
most helpless for two ve&rs; the stiffness in
my limbs had been paiufnl in the extreme.
But with the use of the pills the pain ceased,
and now I am as limb«r and as active as when
a boy.
"I was also troubled a great deal with my kid
neys, but the ailment has entirely disappeared.
I have been a subject for the doctors for. a long
time. Two reputable physicians had treated
me for months and I had spent a large amount
of money for other patent medicines, but to
no avail. As I said, I flnallv took Dr. Will
iams' Pink Pills for Pale People and liero I am
well. I believe that His tho most wonderful
remedy ever mnde. I need not extol this
remedy, for all my neighbors know what my
condition was and what cured me. They will
all tell you that it was Wiil lams' Pink Pills.
"My mother, who is seventy years old, was
also troubled with rheumatism and could
scarcely move. She was very wakeful at night
and had no «ppetite. She took five boxes of Dr.
V* illiams' Pink Pils ami now she is in perfect
health ami does all her own work on a firm.
(Signed) "J- W. Bters "
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 10th
day of August, 1596.
James uoodwine, Notary Public.
Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, contain, in a con
densed lorm, all the elements necessary to give
new life and rk'hness to the biood and restore
shattered nerves. They are an unfailing spe
cific for such diseases as locomotor ataxia,
partial paralysis, 9". Vitus' dance, sciatica,
neuralgia, rheumatism, nervous headache,
tne utter effects of la erippe, palpltatiou of
the heart, pale and sallow complexion, all
forms of weakness, either In male or female.
Pink Pills are sold by all dealers," or will be
sent postpaid on receint of price, 50 cents a
box, or six boxes for $2 50 (they are never sold
in bulk or by the 100), by addressing Dr. Wil
liams' Medicine Company, Schenectady, N. V.
HEW TO-DAT-DRY GOODS.
GOING OUT OF BUSINESS,
Saturday Bargains!
HALF DOLLARS WILLIoTOLLAR DUTY TO-DAY!
CLOAK DEPARTMENT.
Our stock of Jackets, Outing Suits, Separate Skirts and Capes, have all been
marked down fully half price.
CHEVIOT OUTING SUITS, silk lined Jacket, $10, marked down to *.>.»» a suit.
TIGHT-FITTING SILK-LINED ETON JACKETS, in broadcloth, with Fancy
Cha \geable Piaid Skirts, reduced from $I.' io $<f.50 a suit.
BLACK OUTING SUITS, in novelty goods, laiebt style Hy front Jackets, silk line<l,
reduced lrom $20 to $13. 50 a suit.
PLAIN BROADCLOTH ETON JACKETS, silk lined, with Fancy Check Skirts,
reduced from $15 to $9.00 a suit.
VELVET CAPES, beaded, marked down from $6.50 to 53.50 each.
SILK CAPES, with Watteau pleat in back, trimmed with lace and ribbon, marked
down from $5.03 to 32.50 each.
SEPARATE SKIRTS.
ALL-WOOL FIGUR ED SKIRTS, silk liiifd, marked down frcm $10 to 86. 00 each
BROCADED SATIN SKIRTS, marked down from $15 to &9. 00 each.
FANCY BLACK AND CHECK SKIRTS, marked down from $1.50 to »5c each.
JACKETSI JACKETSI
SEALETTE JACKETS, fanov silk lined, in s.zes 32, 34 and 40 only, marked down
from $15 and $10 to 83.50 each.
CLOTH JACKETS, in sizes 34, 36 and 38, sold formerly at $5 and $7 50, marked down
to sOc each.
LADIES' CLOTH ULSTERS, in 32 and 34 only, sold formerly at $10 anl $7 50,
marked down to K1.50 each.
An elegant line of CHILDREN'S and~MTsYES r STYLI3H JACKETS from *1.30 up.
HOSIERY AND UNDERWEAR DEPARTMENT.
MEN'S FRENCH JERSEY RIBBED~SH~iRTS AND DRAWERS, regular price
$1 50 a suit, now -13c each.
CHILDREN'S FAST BLACK HO3E. aii sizai, double knee 3 and double soles, for-
merly 25c, now lSfcVsC a pair.
A BIG DRIVE IN LADIES' MACO VESTS AND PANTS, regular 40c quality,
marked down io HSv each.
C. CURTIN,
911-913 "JMeirlsLet Street.
STOP EXPERIMENTING.
Be Assured By Well-Known Citizens .^v**
That the Electro- Medical Treat- ■ f*£LJ£s* i> '
ment Cures When All Else Fails. . \Mf^£&k
The fame of ihe new Electro-Medical cure V?,-t+ _ I^,. W
hiis spread all over the world like wil^-fire. mr-'+3fe "s!b^ 7/^[
Never before has there been such a popular fi& ™ 5 *"*• viTll jt &
flood of testimony as has been received by the o» UW .. \U//sW<?'
otate Electro-Medical Institute. Unqaestion- .^^- \k> /^**^ \J^// /
ably more sick peoDle have regained their ?s^^^L ft *^3?' </%%'%'
| health by this new cure than by any other \ ■ ~ ') 2?4%''%y
treatment Daily reiple apply st the Insti- ; v^|§||^^^ J^j— '— - ■ <&&Wyfo
tutewno haTe b;cn promised a cure by their 'V\^§§^--j/^t XHp-'-^ /*%& V/////
j.hysician ar.d lived only to see that promise N %^^ ?'- '"^' Y§&- / \^&<' '////// A*
uniuifilled and gone on from day to day— isr^ f i\> X 3 /i" i v '
heartened. Many such have applied at the In- "TMtS'V s"V /^^-^ I' I^^^
stituteand have been given immediate relief w); X pA^\ ,f W
and final y permanently cured. The reader n VjV Vcvffl^ "«
may meet auy number of these people who ■ *■" l^ '
have been reatorea to health by the new Elec-
ro-Medical cure after other treatments had FRANCIS MARION t'OOKI.
ailed. . aST;'???
Had Epileptic Fits Seven Years.
". ' . PAN FKANCISCO, Cal., May 3, 1597.
STATE ELEC'TJRO-MEDICAL INSTITVTE:
For seven years I have been a sufferer trom Epileptic Fits, with nea' 1 aches and nervocs debility.
Since begin nins: treatment, at your losiitutel haveexperipnerdno ret urn of the fits, and I feel posttive
that my oervou . systf mis agiin sou::d. lam satisfied that ir any person is to be absolutely cured of |a
tendency to any disTtssim nervous trouble, it is by means of the Kiectro- -leaic treatment. You
hanuli it niv cane wltti tlia utmost sicili and care. I think thecombiued "Mcctro-Medical" treatment
isthecreate.it ever known. "' i'RASt'IS MARIOS COOKE,
869 Market street, 3. F.
NOTHING LIKE IT ELSEWHERE.
Under no circumstances should the Electro-Medical Cure be confounded with the ordinary
electric treatment ls applied by common Latteries or with such crude marnetic appliances as
electric belts. The Electrc-Mertical Cure is different in fundamental principle, different in
application and different in effect.
; HOME TREATMENT.
If you live out of town and cannot visit the Institute this need not deprive you of the
benefits of this wonderful treatment. Write a plain statement of your condition, explainin?
your feelings and s-mptoms as clearly as posf-ible. and irom it the Institute I.octors will be
able to accurately diagnose your cose. It only costs you the trouble of writing and 2 ceni» in
postage to get the opinion and advice of the Institute Doctors.
STATE ELECTRO-MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Market, i-owel! and Eddy S>«. Entrance 3 Eddy St.
>AN FKANCISCO. CALTFORNIA. ;• t^
i TositiveirLasTWeek! I
"I OUR. GREAT '»
| Reorganization Sale k
X "Will Continue 6
ONE WEEK LONGER !
0 IDOIST'T MISS IT. P
718-722 MARKET ST. AND 23-27 GEARY ST. ]^J
910
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD
SDIMAKY OF THE MAKKKXS.
Silver \n' lower.
Wheat Fulures urnettled.
Other Cereals dull and unchanged.
No advance in liny yet.
Beans aud beeds dull.
Onions weakenins.
Veget:ibles rather cheaper.
Young Poultry higher and old lower.
Butter unsettled. Kggs firm.
> resti Fruits wcak< r.
Drieii Kruits in better demand.
ProvisU ns quiet.
Wool in,ac ive and lower.
Bogs weaker.
Coal quiet.
'i wenty-one failures last week.
Sus«r marked up.
THE WEEK'S FAILURES,
Tl-r Bradstreet Mercantile Agency report* 21
failures In the Pacific Coast States and Tenitorle*
for tl:f past week., us compared with 23 for the
rrevions Nveek and 15 fortlie corresponding week
of 1596. The failures tor the past w-ek are
divided amoni; the irades ns follows: 2 general
stores 1 dru<;s, 8 saloons. 1 stationery. 1 con
tractor. ■_' holels, 1 printer, 2 groceries and liquors.
1 umbrella manufacturer, 1 hardware company, 1
poultry, 1 hay and grain, 1 dry goods.
Explanation.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top figures
at station indiia maximum temperature for the
days: those underneath it. if any, the amount of
mintall. of melted snow In inches and hundredths,
during tlie past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect pom s of equal air pressure; i»o
--therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "hieh" means high barometric pressure and
is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rairn.
"J.ows" usually first appear on the Washington
coast. When the pressure is high In the interior
and low alone the coast, and the isobars extend
north and south alonz the coast, ratn is probable:
but when the "low" Is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south o; Oregon is improb
able. With a -high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these conditions
will produce an opposite result.
WEATHER BI'KEAC REPORT.
United States Df.partmext of Aoricdl-
Ti'RK, Weather Bubkait, San Francisco,
May 8, 1897, 5 i. m.— '1 • fol owln? are the raln
fa'.ls tor ihe past 24 hours and seasonal rainfall]
to date, as compared with hose of the same date
las: season:
ureka, pi3t 24 hours .02, th's season. 49.54,
lest season 48.95; Red Bluff, past 24 hours .00.
this season '24.08, last season 20.88: >ai Fran
cisco, pas. 24 hours .00, this season 22.61, last
season '.0 57; Fresuo, pa-it 24 hours .00. this sea
son 10.53. last season 5.16; ban Luis Obispo.
past 24 hours .00, this teason 20.71, last season
17,64; Los Angers, past 24 .hours .00, this sea
son 16.80, last season 9.07: san Diego, past 24
hours .00, this .reason 11.67, last season 5.92;
Yuma, past 24 hours .00, thit season 5.35, last sea
son .88.
San Franc'sco data: Maximum temperature 66,
minimum 49. mean 58.
Weather conditions and general forecasts:
An are* of hieh pressure overlies Oregon and
Northern California aud is moving slowly north
ward. During the past twenty-funr liou the
pressure lias fallen rapidly in the Upper Missouri
Valley and bas r.sen slowly over the northern half
Of the Pacific SlODe.
Showers have oicurred in Oregon and in extreme
northwestern portion of California.
The temperature has fallen about 20 degreej over
Southern Idaho, Utah and Nevada. It has risen
aloni: the <-o;i-t of California, a moderate norther
has prevailed to-day in the Sacramento anl S<aii
Joaquin Valleys. Condition* are favorable for a
cont nuance of the norther Saturday.
The following maximum wind velocities are re
portsd: hpokane, 26 miles per hour, from the
B>uthwest; Lanuer, 3i5, southwest; bait Lake. 38,
northwest; Idaho Falls. 40. south; Carson City,
28. nor.hwo,t; tied B uft, 26, norih.
A thunderstorm Is reported at Bismarck.
Foreca-,1 made at !-au 1- rancisco for thirty hours
ending midnight May 8. 1597:
Northern California— K;ur --atiirday: light fog in
the morning along the coast; warmer in eastern
portion: mi derate norther in the valleys: westerly
w nd on the toast.
Southern California— Fair Saturday; coutinued
warm weather: northwesterly winds.
Nevada — Fair: warmer Saturday.
Utah— Fa Saturday: aimer Saturday nigtit.
Arizona — 1-alr fcaturday; continued warm
weather.
son Francisco and vicinity— Fair Saturday; con
tinued warm w<?a:her; light. uor^herly, changing to
fresh we.tt'rl, winds.
Az.y.Xf xi'hK Jlcadif, Local Forecast Official.
NJfc.lV VOliK SIAKKJiTS.
■ SEW Vmhicn. V., Slay The withdrawal
to-day of *1,000,000 in gold bars for shipment to
l'aris morrow had no effect on thestock market,
which contli.iifs narrow and professional. The
course of pr ces was Irregular. We-ttern L'nton,
■ which proved the most activestock. was depressed
a point in early dealings, but subs"quently rallied
nearly two points, but finally lost half of that Im
provement. '1 he final price wai lract:ona:ijr be
low that of yesterday. The early decline wag ao
parently f» Hitated by the publication of te.isa
lional reports of differences between important
ln-eresis la th" cornpiuy. The rally was due
cbiefly to covering by '-shorts," and the advance
attracted fresh ReUlnc of stocc. There was a con
tinuatiou ot speculative liquidation In Omaha
ccrur^cn, which left ttie s;oc«. 1% per cent lower
ths;n yesterday.
M»"hattan Hallwny was heavy, but the market
for Missouri l'acin'c showed suffli >nt re&istance to
bring about a fractional lie. advance. The on!y
noteworthy net gains were In compHratively
inactive siccks— American Toha co, American
spirits preferred and i oosollda-.td Gas. Through
out the remainder of the list net fluctuations were
unimportant and favored both accounts, closing
f<-a:im
Government bonds easier. Kallway bonds weak.
'Among the kmpor.aut net deiiinr-s were i-ort
Worth and Denver Ci:y firsts, y 2 to 5%; Kan,as
and Texas, s/ 8 to 5%: Oregon >.HVUation, V 2 10
■ fe2y 2 ; 1 exas, j-aclfic lirsls, s,i to 99.
Sioney on cnil islV] pit < ent: time moi:ey,
60 days, 2 per cent: three and four months. 2 Va per
cent; moitiis. 3 per cent, and the balance or
Hie year yi/2 percent: 12 months, 4 per cent on
pool mixed block Kxchan:e o Interal. Commer
rlal paper 1-, quiet: prime Indorsed bll's receivable,
3 Vna.3-5i percent: choice and prime single names.
X 3 /4 .1 per c.-nt; *,00l nam-s. 4@5 per cent.
er.ing E.v intige flrmer. Continental ex
.'hnn^ii Is quiet. firm. I'osted a«>cd rat«'S
10- Sitrliri.-, *487 for ion:; bills and Jft B»i^
for demand. .Ac'ua. rates are: London bills
*4 Bb@4 86Vi: sighl dram, (\ 8714J84 b7IA. an I
cabe.traiisierj. 84 87y 2 (ct,4 «7 . Uome«tic ex
< hnn?e on 3ew York ana s a n Fra-icisco, sight
I'VaC p'em urn. telegraph 15c premium.
Braflstreet's reports the number of buslnejs full
ures in the l"mted 8 ates for the wepic eliding
today at 228. anainu 224 last weeit aad 67 in
thu corrtspondiuc week of last year.
"Wheat and Flour.
WHEAT- 10-.XI) 11:00 12:00 1:00 2:10
M..y 7t>B/ 79 79 7b3/, 78i/
.July 7BV 77V* 77% 76"' 8 76Va
September 73% 7414 74V*" 7HSi 73^
D-iCmber. 755/^ 76^4 75 Va 7*
Spor, qult-t, lo.ver: f.o.b. ailoat Xo. 1 Northern
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WHEELOCK & CO.,
4 Leldesclorff St., TeL Main 1054.
CKNTRA 1. OFFICE
623 Market St.. Palace Hotel. Pur ly <fe Atkinson,
Managers. Tel. Main 5144.
Uptown Office— Balilwm Hotel (adjoining Grill
lloom). Tel. Main 1091.
PURDY, ATKINSON & CLAPP, Managers. .
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo-
tations. Keterencelat National Bank, S. i\ ■
CIUCAGU. yKIYAXK VVlitii JSiiW YO&K.
sprlnc New York, 80V4'"; No. 1 Northern spring. ■
Dulutb, Hli^c; No. 3 hard winter. 771/4 C; No. 2
hard winter, 78Hc
Future closing: May. 78>4c: July, 76% c; Au
gust. /g c; September, 733/ December. 75c.
KL.OUK-a.prln?. fbls. : Superfl»e,fi »-o@<; No.
2 extra. S3 30@3 40; No. 1 extra. $3 SO«*S 70
--clear* J3 si@3 t>s: straight^ $3 80@4 00; patents,
34 10($4 SO. .
CiRAIX I'KEIUHTS— "iork to Liverpool,
by steam, 2d.
Produce.
PROVISIONS— Lard, prime, $4 27^3-
PORK-Mess «8 75@9 25.
TALLOW— 3I/ B e.
HlDKs— Ga'veston, 20 to 25 lbi. 14c; Buenos
Ayres. drr 20-lb. 18y 2 @2oc-
LKATHEK-HemlocK- sole. Buenos Ayres, light
to lieiiw \vm chts. 19@ Oc: acid, 'iitut'2.
UOPS-CroDO»'96. 2V2»*oc: 'yu, 6®loc; coast
'95. 3®6c; coast ' 96, 6©11% c.
WuuL— Domes ie fleeci.\ iß@i:oc: pulled, 15®
22c. i
SUOAK-Raw. dull, steady: H9-degree,27/ c; 96
--de^ree, 3 S-lbc.
BUTT KR— Creamery, Western. 17c.
K«J<;s— staie. fresh ginhered, 10@10i4c
PKTKOLKLM— New oric rehn a, su 25: Phil
adelphia and Baltimore refined, $t$ 20; refined 111
bulk, »3 70.
I>ried Fruits.
RAISINS-California, 50 lb boxes, 2%C; crown,
4(dij' f r; seeded, 7^4@^iAc: seedlt-ss muscatels,
sy @&%c
CUKKANTS-4%@514-; in barrels: 5@5i.4c in
cases: cleaned bulK, oi/ 2 (d>6c; cartonn, 6'a7 1 -j><:.
PKUNKa-Calltornia, 20-tt> boxes, 4@7"V c: 60-m
boxes, «V2(«7c-
Al'iilCuT.s- California, boxes, 9@lsc; bags, 8(3
lie.
PKACHES-Callfornia, ntneeled, bass. 6@By c;
boxes, '. u ,-j<-" oeeied. 10($12e.
Kms— *ancy ordinary, 12@lbc: fancy wash»d,
21.@24a
HaTKS— Persian. 60-Ib boxes, 2Vi@3%c; 'ard,
boxes. 4'i®se: cases. b*,i(d)-ic.
CITKO.s — U@l2J <jc for taucy boxei.
WALNUTS-Caliiomia standard, 6Vic; eoft
shell, Be. <
ALMONDS-Shelled, 16@29c.
Metals.
PIG IRON — Southern, *10@ll; Northern,
$10 Mi^iJ 50.
PIO TlN— Firm; straits, $13 20@13 30.
Stocks and Bonds.
Opening. Closing.
American Sngar $115 60 $116 (}-i/ 3
American Sugar Pfd — —
American Tobacco 70 00 71 (JO
Aniericau Spiriting Co 11121^ 11 12y 2
Aichison
l-.ay Mute Csas 9 00
Canadian Fntltlc... 52 75
Central Pacific
Chicaao das. 83 fs7Vi 83 25
C. B. A Q 74 lai/a 74 1V!V 2
Con. lias 164 00
< orda;e
ordage Pfd — —
Denver* Hio Grande Pfd.
Delaware ifc Lackawana.... — — - 148 50
hrle ]IS7y 2
Fort Wayne.
•eneral K.lectric :
Hocking Va ley
Jersey i entral 79 25 78 87y ,
Kansas <fc Texas. Pfd 27 23 27 .*>
Lake Shore 1(33 60
Louisville & Nashviile 44 »7Va 44 12Va
MannattanCon 82 25 82 00
MUgouri Pacific 12 OU 12 50
National L"-ad
New Haven 168 00
New York «fc .\ew England.
New York Central 99 75 100 00
North Pacific. 12 h7Va 13 7*
North Pacific. Pfd 3575 35 *7V •
western «. 104 OJ
North American. . — —
Oregon Navigation ■ 1000
Oregon Navigation, Pid 42 00
Pacific Mail 27 50 27 871/2
Pullman 157 25 157 2b
Qu.cksilver (Con Excbnge). 100 00
Kock Island 63 25 i 3 25
Heading. 1b 60 In 371.2
S-oulbern Pacific 1600
Si. Paul 7325 73 25
Texai Pacific
Tennegse- Coil <fe Iron 2d 75 20 'J5
Union Pacific
U. i\ Leather
U. S. Leather, Pfd 5S 37U.
Western Union 76 37V4 76 12y
W a basli, Pfd
Ear all ver $ 601/4
ster.it.g on London, 60 days 4 87
Sierlinss on London, sight 4 8-y»
U. & i's, rezlstered 96 00
U. S. 4's, new 123 00
' U. s. 4's, new, coupon I*3 00
U. S. 4 ! s 11125
U. S. 4's.couo 112 Ml
U. s. s'a .. 113 37V 2
U. b. s's, coupon 113 371/2
CIIICAuO MAKKJBTS. I
CHICAGO, 111., Maj- 7-— Trading In provisions
to-day was dull. l'accerj were prominent sellers.
Prices were steady owlug to the liberal buyl.ig by
Cu.lßby and the small receipts of live hogs. The
cash market re ains dull and featureless.
WHEAT- 9:30 iO:UO 30:30 11:00 11:30
May 72 723- 7JV»
July 71 71% 71% 7>% 71Vs
September 673,4 68 6tey 8 6hi/8 « TS /-t
December 69V-4
1*:OU 12:0 1:00 1:15
May 71V 71s /8 71i /3
July 71 70(s 70% 7ov
s-epteniber 676/8 *>Thi 67V* 673 g
December 69'
COKN— .U*7,2S7/ 8 c; July, i'4%c.
OATS— May, I7y July, 173 c.
BA R V -25@33C.
FLA.X-77V>c
TIMOTHY— S2 80.
Produce.
FORK-May, $8 60; Jnly, J8 65.
LAUD— May. $4 02; July, $4 07.
RJBS-May. $4 70; July, $4 70.
BrTTfcK— Western. 16c.
EUGs- Western, B%c. Receipts 14,100 cases.
Livestock.
HOGS — *3 80@4: mixed. $3 80(33 97%:
heavy. S3 50@3 B5: rough, S3 50@3 65. he
ceipts 22,000. Puckers bougnt 17.600, shippers
5500. Kstimale<l receipts for to-morrow 14.0C0
CATTLE— Breves, $3 85@5 i 0: cows and heif
ers, $1 90@4 35; Texas steers, $.< '20<g»i 40: siock
ers and feeders. ?3 45@4 40. Kt-ceipts 2500. Esti
mated receipts ior to-moirow 2501).
SSHEEP— Firm. Receipts 8000.
lOKEION MAKKKTS.
London,
LONDON, Exo.i May 6. — Consols, 112%:
silver, 27 13-16J; French rentes, 103f 17c.
Liverpool.
WHEAT— Firm. No. 1 staniJarcJ California
wheat, 31s; cargoes off coast, firm; cargoes on
passage, rather lirmer 3d higher; Knulljh coun
try niarkecs. steady; French couotrv marke
quiet: Liverpool wheat. .No. 1 California 6s *%d@
6s 5%d; wteat in Paris, firm; flour in Paris firm;
weather in Knzlanrt, showery.
LOTTON-Uplands, 4 7-32 d.
rt-TtRKs.
1 he Produce Exchange cable Rives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: May,
5s lid; July, &s 11 V»d: September, 5s 10V4&
J \< i! \-.<.i. AM» BDLLIOX.
Sterling; F.xchangp, 60 days — $ 4 87 '
Sterling hxcbauge, sight — 4 BHV3
hterling Cables — 4 89
New York Exchange, Bight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 12%
Fine silver, per ounce. — 60y
Mexican Dollars 49% 60
YESTKRDAY'si WHKAT MARKET.
The following resume of the wheat market is
furnished by E. A. Bresse, Produce Exchange
grainbroker, 412 Pine street.
San Francisco, May 7, 1897.
Chicago.
Disappointing Liverpool cables caused a weak
opening In wheat. Initial prices of July were
70 3 /4@7lc, with May 1 cent premium. The price
held around 71c during the rirst hour, buyirs and
sellers apparectly awaiting outside influences to
guide them.
The first news of importance came from Mis
souri aud Kansas. Cinch bugs were reported to be
doing much danage throughout those states.
Bad crop conditions from California added to the
grist of hnllUh nr>ws and had the efTVct of starting
shorts to covering. Prices were marked np to 72c
for December and to 723 /4 c ior liay; at the ad
vance offerlrgs became heavy. Brokers identified
with leading longs In ihe market were selling In
large quantities The local crowd soon caught ou
and begnn piittl g out short wheat, resultli.g in a
break to 7o:>/ 8 c for December. The market closed
practically at the bottom priie of the day.
Bushels.
Receipts of wheat at primary points 354,863
Shipments of wheat at primary points 32!>,730
Receipts of wheat at tidewater poinis 212,143
Exports of wheat 3e,tS6ri
Liverpool rabies opened J^d higher than yester
day'd cloke. but had lost the appreciation at the
riot*. French markets advanced 10'cb.O cent
times higher. Wiatner conditions abroad are un
natisfactury, yet not a. arming.
Corn was extiemely dull, trading being lim
ited to profesiionaU, September receiving more
attention than other options. Crop prospects were
reported favorable, i hi- very low prices prevail
ing discourage shot selling, to many accidents
can happen to advance the price and there is so
little to send prices lower that traders aicdis
posea to be careful.
The immense exports, waste and manyo-her
lOiisumptive avenues must have disposed or mure
com than is generally supposed. At ihe present
price if hoxs ccrn is wor.h in the neigh borhooa of
32 to H5 cents per bushel to feed, yet tutures arc
at,out 8 cents per bushel less.
Oats dull; price* fairli- well maintained. Many
bad crop reports have appeared of laic. Present in
dtcitilons point 10 a sinal: crop.
Provisions fainy strong. Receipts of hogs Kener
alv under estimates. Packers are n.jt offering
their pn ducts for sale to any exient. Average
weight of hogs s lighter than usua . e-pecial!y Is
this true of lio, s coming from Western Illinois snd
1- a«ern lowa, where corn s reported scarce.
San Fra-. Cisco.
9:16 a. M. session-.
The bull enthusiasm of yesterday was less pro
nounced this morning. Cooler weafher caused the
ithoru iess fear. Reports fmm the Sacramemo
and san Jcaquin valleys lndica.ed north winds,
but cool.
eastern markets were inclined to weakness,
holders who had profits were disposed to t«ke
ihem. Buyers were scarce. December wheat
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY S, 1897.
opened at $1 251/4, advanced to $1 26»/i, at which
price there was v lair vo.ums of trading. ■■ Prices
in Chicago then began tot>often. : This affect was
quickly felt In ibis market, resulting la depressing
Hie price to $125. At these figures good buying
orders agali; appeared. The demand became
greater than offerings, $1 253 being paid just be
fore the close of the session, *ith a strong under
tone to the market. %•> *. ~* J ; ■■ 1 i .. '
10:16 a. M. session.
The shorts In wheat felt encourage! on account
of the depresslou ii ihe Chicago market aud los:
no time in making their Influence felt.
December opened at $1 25. offerings became
grea.er than tne market could absorb »d-i lit the
closa of the ses-ion the prlci- .vein to $1 24i/i
Sellers, with offerings lioeial at $i 237/s just afn-r
the session. Buyers were bidding $1 2A I
Rarley was ntglecteil; irading has been very
ntrrow of late, vv'eatner conditions have beeu
less effeciive in burle/ than wneat.
11:15 A. M. KKSBIO^f.
Bear pressure appeared to have lost Dorje of its
forcing tendencies. ember opened at 24,
i\ i h sales almost tt the sameiuo .tent at $1 235/ a.
CifYerims weie heavy and buyers scarce. The
price broke to $1 2314, where good buying ap
peaied, and a rally to 4>i 23% soon followed, the
close being at $1 23^4 '
December barl°v 1.0 dat 74% c The decline, in
wneat amountea to 3 cents as compared with rhe
highest price yesterday. 'Iheie has been consid
erable fiosli buying of wheat under $1 21 by prO
ple whogent-ra.ly buy for investment ixcount.
The ex.rerne nroauneHS ot ihe market is encour
eviiiK home trading as against Kastern markets,
ai.d this influence i.i being felt in the market
2 P. m. SESSION.
The following was posted on the Infoimation
board of [be rouuee Exchange: "Noon report
from Weather JJureau— North winds in Sacramen
to Valley, which will reach san Joaquin Valley to
morrow; ccol now, but. lemperaaire is slowly
rising; wind bout 20 miles an hour." This infor
mation entirely changed the sentiment of trading.
Trading in December left ort' just before noon at
«1 23%.
At Lie afternoon opening brokers were tum
b'.ing over one another in order to buy wheat.
The price started at $1 .4V2 ana advanced to
$1 25% in less time than it takes to write ai.out it.
Kealiz.i sales steadied the market- At ihe close
*1 253/ a was usked and $1 25 1 bid for December.
May was $126 i/ 8 bid and *1 40 asktd. Weather
conditions are tv ■ all-absorbtng topic. The market
rises aud falls as conditions change.
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AN'L» (iTiIKK GRAINS.
WHEAT— Futures fell bacK again on the morn
ing sessions and the feeling was decidedly weaker.
Chicago was lower, but the English markets came
turotuli tiriu. Quoted at $1 25*$1 30 lor common
trades, $1 83»i(sil H5 lor avarage No. 1, *1 a 7%
tor cnoire tud *j. 40@l 45 for extra choice mil.
iug; >onora, $1 3^V a i4i/l So lor No. 1 and $1 37%
(3,1 40 tor milling.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Sxssion— 9:l o'clock— December—
lH.oto c.is. $1 25%: 10,000, $1 3fr*4; 12,000. :
$>1 255/ 8: 30,000. *1 25»/ ; 12.UU0, $1 2o; 10,000.
4>l v;si/8: -0.000, $1 231/4
Second bKHHiuN— Dn-ember— BUoo ctls, $125;
2000. $124%; 20..0, 9124%; 6000, $1 24%;
20,d00. $1 24V»: 2030, $i 243/j,.
Hkgular Mokmnh Skksion — December —
4000 ri is, $1 -4: hoOO. $1 12.->%; 30,000. $1 *3y 2 ;
2voo, *i 2*44; 2000. *1 235.» BOuO, $1 2j3.
Afternoon -kssK'N" — JJecember— »i*Co ctls,
$1 25Vs: -UOU. *• -5 1 /*: 14,0 0 $1 251,2: 2000,
$1 255/»: 611,000. $1 '.'is/,; -JOOO, $1 24%.
BAIiLEY'— he mm k'-i is quitt and uuchanged.
FeeJ. 7<J@72%e: choice brigut, 76c fi eti; Brew
iug. H'(ftSsc.
CALL BOARD SALKS.
Informal sknsion — 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
(Second !~KBsion— No sales.
Hksuulb Moit>iNQ Session— December— 2ooo
Ctls. 741/2 C -
Afternoon hFSsioN— No sal^s.
( Als- i.t-ali-ra leporta very dull market. Fancy
rug«t >ourul Hie qLO'.able at $1 30($l 40 {* ell;
good tocho:ce.*l l^^a®) 85: couiniou, $I@l 07%.
clipped Oati sell ai, ljU@2 %* ion over the raw
product.
i OkN— Buyers ac Indifferent a d the market
istiull. Large Yeliow $1(<£1 05; >mali Kound do,
$I@l 02i/ 2 : White. 8-><B«>7%c i* ctL
ItVL--7y SB2V2C 't itl.
BI'CKWUbAi-ls nominal at about $1 25@
1 40 Hi ctL
tLOUR ANIJ 511LLSTUFF3.
FLOUR— Net <asli pricoj are: Family extras,
$4 75@4 85: Bakers' extras, $4 60@4 65; Super
tine. *i(g,l 35 ft lit>!.
COK.\.UKAL. LTC. — Feed Corn. $19@21;
Cracked Corn, $23 ~& ton.
MILLSTUFFs— I'rlces in sarka fire as follows,
usual discount 10 l!>« trad": (iraham Flour, $'2 85
V 100 His: Kye Flour. $2 50% l 100; Hice Flour,
S' 11; Corumeal, $2r«|°J .5; extra cream do. $2 75,
Oatmeal, $3 50; < a; (iroats, S4; Hominy, f,S iO'£
8 3J; tuckwheat Flour, »3 25@i 60: Cracked
Wheat, *3 50: Farina, $4: Whole Wheat flour,
$..; Rolled Uats fbblts). $4 75@5 15: Pearl Barley.
$3 7S©4; Split l*ii;s, Si 50. Ursendo, $4 -3 f4 100
lbs.
HAY ANl> KKKUSTUFFS.
Prospects for a smaller crop of Hay than asual
have not advanced prices thus fir, much to the
surprise 01 dealers.
BRAN— 514514 50 for the best anJ $13g13 60
V ton lor out-ide brands.
MII>I)LI.N(JS-sl7 50® IS 50 for lower gradoa.
I and $J9@'2O i>. ion for the best.
tKtl)!*TL'Kt>-Rolled Barley, $16@17 V ton;
1 '.c-a«e Meal at the mill, $26 60 ~& ton; jobbing,
$27 50.
HAY— Wheat, $B@lo 50; Wheat and Oat, f7fs
10; Oat, $6(£B 50: Barley, $6 50@8; Alfalfa. *6
@7 50: compressed, *6(g6 50; stock, $s®«; Clo
ver, $6@B ft ton.
BTKAW- '.bjtSOc * bale.
BKANS AND SEEDS.
Both Beans nnd Seeds are very dull and quota
tions are easy.
BEANS— Bayos quot«d at $1 60@l 80; Small
hltes, Sl($l 20 per ctl; Larae Wnltes, $I@l 10
f* ell; Pinks. Sl4il 10; P.e<l«, $1 10@l 30: Klack
eye, $1 J."i(n«l '>5; Ked Kidney, nominal: Ll
mas. $1 40@l 60; Butters, $1 25@1 60: Pea, $1
@1 25.
sEKDS-Brown Mustard, $2 5002 76; Yellow
Mustard. *1 50 ? ctl; Flax. SI 50 * ctl; Canary
! Se<d, I34(gui4c f* tt.: Alfalfa. 6V4c; Kape, 2%3
2»4c; Hemp, 3c: Timothy. 4%c.
DUVIiU PKAS— Nlles, nominal; Green, $130®
1 60 |Pctl.
POTATOKS, ONIONS, VDGKTABLES.
Onions continue to weaken. Vegetables show a
tendency toward easier prices.
POTATOES— New i'otaioes. »4@li4c ~& Ib:
S^weet Poiatoey, fi 80@l 75i»ctl: Karly Kose, 5J®
65c f» Ctl; River Keds, 60@60c: Burbank Seed
lings, 4Uian6c 9 ctl for Rivers and &o@6sc for
Pe.aiumas; Oregon Burbanks, 60@8jc.
ONIONS— New Rfdi, s'i@7sc f> sack. 1
VKUKTABLES— ReceIDts were 901 boxes As
paragus, 550 boxes P.hubarb. 1«33 sacks Peas and
10 sai ks Beans.
Los Anne:es6umm<>rf?quash,sl 25f«.l 50 ft box;
lioihonse Cucumbers ar« quotable at 50cfdi$l 1*
dozen; Asparavns. 75c@$l 26 Ift box for common,
$1 £oi<Bl 75 for choice and $2@2 25 i« bx for fancy:
Kliubarb. 25@40c lor ordinary and 5(i«t650 for
choue laree; Marrowfat hqnash. $6@7 t* ton;
I)i led Peppers, 6@fec %i Ib: Green Peppers, 25c
\> Ib: Mexican Tomatoes, $2@2 25 Tt box ; Green
Peas, 26@40c * sk for icomnion and 60C&.81 .for
Garden; Mring Beans. 8(iil0c V Ib: Hois- l.eHiis,
50@60c ?! »nek; Dried Okra. B@9c V Ib; Cabbage,
75«85c ctl; Carrots, 25@30c V sk; Oarlic, 1%
©2c fi Ib. ■
IITTKR, CHEESE." AND EGGS.
The annual tangle over Butterqootations is now
on. Contracts for large orders have been drawn
on newspaper quotations, which of course Imme
diately creates two opposinc interests. One sido
wauts Butter quoted up, the other down Tnisde
morallzes the market, not only In the uewsoapera
but on the street. If a dealer has contracied to
I de. lver fancy Creamery at 14c and Is Obliged to go
on the street to fill his order he Is charged unmei
! cifully for 11. As high as 16c has been paid on the
street on this account durlne the past twodxys. It
is supposed that these contract order* will be
closed out in a few days when accurate quotations
may again become possible.
Ecgs rule firm.
BUTTER-
Creamf.ry— Fancy creameries, 14®15c: sec
onds, 13@13%c r Ib.
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 12®18%c $ Ib; lower
giadps, B@llc.
i Pickled— 13%@14%c ~& Ib for new.
FiKKiN-13%<ai4%c •& lb fornew. '
Crkamkry Tib— New. 14@14%c IT).
t'HKKSK— Choice mild new, 6V 2 «fi7c Tfr &>: coin
son to good, 6%®tic:- Cream Cheddar, 10@llc:
Vi.'iru America, 7@Bc; Western, lie; Kastern, 13
®15c f* lb.-
KGOS-Ranch Ecus, 12V»@14c: store Eggs, 11®
12VaC V doz; Duck Egcs, 12@)12%c.
POULTRY ANl> GAME.
POUI.TRY-Hastern is selling at ?5 25(86 60 for
liens, $8 50 for young Roosters and $4 50 for old
Roosters.
O d ato< k is dull nnd easy, but youne stock is
scarce an I firm.
LlveTurkeys. 12@13c for Gobblers. 12@13ofor
Hens: Grese V pair. B>l 26(^1 50; Ducks, *3 .' o®4
for old and $5 50@7 for young; Hens. #3 50604:
Itooßters, young. $7(3)8 f* dozen: do, old, *:< 6O@>4;
Fryers, *6<a>6 .-0: Lroilers, 8 @5 50 for large and
$2 25@3 r>() for small; Pigeons, $1 60 V- dozen ior
young and $1 &o@2 for old.
GAME— 1 1 are, uomlnal: Rabbits, nominal. '
DECIDUOUS AND CITBCS FRUITS.
. Receipts were 713 chests Strawberries and 461
boxes Cherries. ,;:'■; , ;.\ •
Htrawberrien and Cherries were oiT a-;nin. Citrus
Fruits were unchanged.
Blackberries from <;ovlna. 15@20c basket.
DECTIvUOLW ITS—
Strawberries, $2 sii(g,4 $ chest for large and
$3 50«>4 50 for small.
||Gooseberries. 40@50c fi drawer. -
Apples. .- iiu.-J 'v box.
Cnerrles, 25®7ftc tl box for wnito and red and
60c@tl 60 for olaclc. :
Cl runs FKI ITS— Navel Oranges are qnotable
at $3rs4 Tjf, box for choice 10 fancy and 1; \ 26(43
9 box for common; Seedlings, 75c(S$l 25 «* box;
Mediterranean Sweets, $I@'J f* box: Lemons,
7&c(3»sl 25 lor common und SI 50(2(2 26 for
{rood to choice: Mexican Limes, , $£(a,ti 60 ft b >x:
Bananas, ilia. 2 «t buncli; Pineapples, $2(04 p iluz.
DRIKD ntmiß, KAIMNS, NUTS, ETC.
The East has woke up to the fact that Its crop Is
short ana is beginning to wire out here for sup
i plies. It has found out what it refused to believe
before, viz, that there is not much fruit left here.
Peaches are rising under thlsdemmid and several
cars have Dt-en sold at 6c, I o. b. Fresno, which Is
an advance of %c Prunes are also wanted and
the market is working Into better shape all around.
D HIED FRUITS-Uuotatloai are as follows:
Peaches, 4V @6c $ lb; fancy, 6VI" 1* H>: peeled,
'■(Bile; Apricots, 6@Bc; Moorparks. 10@l'2c;
evaporated AppSM, , @J',2 C : suu-drled, • 2@3c;
Prunes. 2i^@3c for the 4 sizes: while *Igs, 3c;
Plums, 4<&4V»c tor ritied and l(9iy 3 c for unp:t
led: Nectarine*. hy 2 @5y 2 cf( lor piime to fancy;
Pears, 2y.>@4c for wuolu, 2V>®6e for quarters .-.uj
S@sc for halves. .
. RAISINS— ...
Kour-crowu, loose. 6^4c; 3-crown. 4*4 c: 2-crown.
8 8 /s c f^ tb; seed ess sultanas, 5(35</2C; seedless
Muscatels. 4y 2 c; 3-crown London layers. *I@l v! 6;
ru.is:e-s, SI 50; Dehesa clnsters. * £ 50; Imperial
clusters. »-' 50: dried grape* out. ■ \ ••' '■■:.',
NUTS— Chestnuts quotable ai 10c: Walnuts.
6Vii@7c Bj for standard and 9@9y c *1b for
KOfishell: Almonds, 6@6y«c for Languedoc, 3@
SVac for hardshell and B@9c t* lb for papersbeli;
Peanuts, 4<§;6c $ Ib lor Kasteru and 4u for Cali
fornia: Hickory Nuts, @6c Tfr lb: Pecans, 71/2®
8c V tb: Filberts, 7y-@Bc; Biazil Nuts, 7y 2 @Bc:
Cccoanuts. $6®5 50 t* 100.
HON'KY— Comb. lo@l2y a for brl«rht and s®9c
tor lower gradei; water-white extracted, 6@5y 2 c;
llk'ht amber extracted, 4V.<a434c; dark uniwt,
4<B4^c; dark, 2@3c« Ib. "
BEKa\VAX.-2i!@asc V n>.
PROVISIONS.
Prices remain as before.
CUBED MEATS— Bacou. 7y cH lb forheavy, 80
» Ib for light medium; 8c for light. 10c * Ib
for extra light, and 12c %* Ib for sugar cured Kast
ern sugar-cured Hams. 12y 2 c $ Ib; California
llams, lie "jrt tb: Mes* Be«f, $9 * bbl: t-xir.i
mess do, $9 60: family do, $lo@lo 50; extra
jrline Pork, $8 50; extra clear. $14 '<& bbl; mess,
*12 %* bbl; SmoKed Beat, 10c V tb. •
L \Rl>— Eastern tierces are quoted at 6%c for
compound and 6y c lor pure: pails, 7c; Cal
ifornia tierces, 4y c for compound and 5y 2 c for
pure: half-bbls, 6y c; 10-tb tins, 7c; do 5-Ib 7Vic
COTToLENE-bc in uerces and 7^i®»y 8 c In
1(1- tb tins.
HI.DKS, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND BKINS— CuIIs and brands sell lc
under sound stock. Heavy salted steers, 8c; me
dium, 7c 'f, Ib; light, 6ya@7c: Cowhides, 6V4@7c:
Stags. 6c: salted Kip. 6<67c # lb; salted Calf, 7;a;8c:
salted Veal 6@7c; ary Hides. 12y 2 013 c; culls and
orands. 9^@loc fi tb; ary Kip aud Veal. 9@loc;
dry Calr. ,6c; culls. 10c; Goatskins, 20@35cencb;
Kids, sc; Deerskins, good summer. 25c f> Ib;
mtdium, 20c: winter, 10c; Mieepsklns, shear
lings, 10@i0o each: short wool, 2r>@4oc each:
medium. 40@50c each; lons wool-, 60fa»76c eacn:
TALLOW— No. 1, rpndered. 2%@3c "5* lb; No. 2,
2V c; refined. sc: Grease, 2c f> M>.
WOOL— .laiob Wollner's cucular nays: "Our
Wool market has had quite a setback, not that
prices K»st are n.ueh lower, but ihe buying in the
country has b^cn done at rrom 25% to 30% higher
than the markets of the world just. tied, The ad
v .nee In price* Kast on all kinds of Wool has uot
exceeded 2;.% while here the advance was from
50% to 7J>% over last year's prices. The only thing
is. that the market Kast is very dull with the ex
ception of the trade in foreign Wools, for which
th- d lay 01 the tariff bill in th* Senate Isre ponsi
ble. Fore.gn Wools are oomlns imo iliis country
at the rate of 00,001) Ibi 3" day. The J-o- don
suits which opemd ilie 4tli inst. with a decline of
from 7 . to lt% has assumed a firmer tone on hc
count of American competition, as American buy
ers have no fear but thtt these Wools will get In
before we have a UrlrT, which'tna>es it very prob
lematical what the future has In s;ore :or the
Wool tra'le, as the country will be so Hooded w!ih
for'lgn Wools and wooli ni thai there win be very
lit le demand for dom-siic Wools. At lied Bluff
1600 bales Wool were offered but only 1200 were
s'lilnt prices rai-ing troni 10c to S!c; 14c was
offered for most of the Woo s long before shearing
time, so the growers felt kiud of disappoime 1, ul
tbo:iih the advance over las: >•• ar's prices was
fully 31,% Wools still arrive freely and the ware
houses ur<- h'llliu up, but there is no demand either
by scourers or shippers "
J-prlng clip is quo cd as f J'.lows: Mountain, 11®
13c: Foothill, 9(g(] lc: ban Joaquln. year's clip,
7(g)8c; do, seven months, 7,'<«tfc %l lb: .Nevndas, !
y©llc: Kastern Oregon, 7®loc.
HOPS— tiraihe ior tair to choice and B@loc j* tb
for fancy. Contracts nre beins drawn at 10c for
new Oregons and 7@9c for new Wasulngtous.
(iENJSK.U Mi'.KUUANDISE.
BAGR-CalcuttaOrain Bans, spot, sc; June, Be;
Julj-, sc; ban Uufiitiu, $5 40: Wool Bap.s. 24(ffi27c. !
COAL— Harrison's C'.rcu ar says: "Duriui: the
week there have been four arrivals from Washing
ton wun 7 626 tons of Coal, three from Oregon with
1230 tons, on<- iroiu Biitish 1 oliunbia wuh 2100
tons, one fri.m Australia with 1975 tons, one Torn
-wansea with 3173 toos. Business generally in
the luel line is reported very qnle , aitnough the
amount bein; delivered to I ur largest consumers
will co.npare favorably with last year, but the
smaller factont-s are burning less, which accounts
for our imports figuring less thitn In 1»»«. Our in
dusiriai iiH-rcsts collective y are usiu« 1 ss C< al
than for several years past. sliowin? cousldernble
slirinkage In theirformor volume of busini'ss. Our
rullrond and gns companies ure utilizing their full
complement. It app nti thai each year tI At ltid i
ca'.esa shrinkage 01 oai consumption our Import
ers vie with rach other In 11a111.nK values to our
.arse i-onsuniers which leav. s them I ut little mar
yln of profit ■ If unseasonable wra:her should pre- i
vail Mils montb, thereoy diminishing our grain
produce, tin- assured result will be an advance In
wheat and low-priced grain charters. This will
mean hUher prices later on for al. foreign >. oais |
us shi; owneri will natuialiy avoid this port." I
Welllng.on, $8 >* ton: New Welll..Bton, f8: 1
>outhrleld Wellington, if 7 50: Seattle, ?5 SU:
Bryant, $5 50; Coos Bar, $4 75: Wallsend, $7
T^i ton: Cumberland, $13 50 *> ton In bulk and $15
In sacks; Pen nsylvanla, Anthracite Egg, $lHa»l2 1*
ton: Welsh Anthracite, $B^lo Cannei. $8 lj* ton:
i ock Springs, Castle Oate and Pleasant Valley,
%7 iio: Coke. $1 Ui£l2 In balk and $13 '£ ton Ins Us.
KlCK— Chinese rutxed. %i 60@3 55 '$ ctl; No. 1
is higher at $M 9 ©4 20 "t» ell: extra No. 1, $4 30
'0,1 60; J!au aiiun. *4 256(4 ■■(>; Japan, $4 ltif*4 00.
BTTGAK— The Wes'.ern >ugar Ketlnlng Company
ha» advanceJ its prices and now q;.o:es as fol
lows, terms net cash: i übe and Crushed and Fine
Crushed, OVs : Powd.-red, sSgc: Dry Granulated.
•5c Tft Ib: Confectioners' A. 5c . Magnolia A, 45/ 8 c;
Kxtra '■, 41/jc: Uolden C\ 4s/ g c: Candy OranulaleJ,
6y a c; hall burruis V±c moru taan barrels, aud boxes
V2C more. .
SAN* FKA2TCISCO MEAT 3IAKKKT.
Hogs continue to weaKen under larije receipts.
The other descriptions are uucnaiged.
Wholesale r.ites for vlre.-i J sto^i trom slaugh
terers nre as folio wrs: •
BKEK— First quality. sVi3Bc; second do, 6c;
third do, 4@4y 2 c V- tb.
VEAL— Larg.-. sr£6c: small, 6@7c i* ID.
MUTTOX— Wetbers, s{i4sy c; Ewes, 4@sc "# tb.
LAKB— Sprtng, 6@«V 2 %> lb.
PORK— Live Ho<s, 'A\'t(&'43/ S c for large and 8y a
@; : U C lor small and uudlum: solt Hogs, 2^4@3u;
.11 1 sii-l do, 4>-4(^5V2 -■•
litti-H'is OF I'KODUCB.
jrrr -4 iintTß<«.
flonr. nr «ir" .. 10,203 1 I.utter. ctt«..._ 340
Washington... 4,044 Cheeie. cm..,,.. 148 |
Wheiti. cti* Kkb». aoz _ 18,hT0
Inrley. ctls..._. 3,341 Hldev n0........ 67>> j
oam, ells. •j;-. r > I'elu. btii5...,,,. 15
Com. cilt 325 Win*, pa 15..... .. 35,GU«
Eeans. ski „ . 214! Wool, Dls ■ 94
Potatoes, slci.... 1,317 l.eatrier. nilli ... 61 j
Unions. Bici 6U6 Lumber, llrjji. 10 j
Hay. tons 590 j,irat». obis _ 182
Straw, tons. '2b Paper, reams ... 600
iti:.. ski 1,430 Powder, rases 80
Middlings, ski... 67(5 Broom Corn, ou. '-77
FAMILY KKTAIL 3IAKKKX.
Butter and Egjs show sljjns of advancing.
Meals and Poultry ihcr.v little change.
Strawberries are cheaper. Cherries and Goo
berries are adde.l to the list.
Following is Xuk Calls regular weekly retail
price list:
roAi- — pfb Toy.
Cnnnel -@ 11 00 castle Oata. J 60® 10 00
Wellington. -@1U 00 Pleasant Val fBOaiOOO
New "Wei- iiouthflold
liogtoa — @10 00 Welllngioa — © 850
Seattle 9 to@ —Coos Buy... — tfll 876
lAIBY [>rrjr.. FTC-
Bntt«r, fancy, f* Cheese, Swiss... 20(330
Bcjuare 30r<£35 Common 12<4>!5
Co, irt roll :0fo» - KanchK«gßli*dz...lsf<<l7
<Jo, i,ood -fcfl'2s Uoney.comb, 1j41b.12('q)15
Cheese, cai ;or<s — ! co, extracieU — B(fl)lJ
Cheese, Kastem...lO@2O l
• MEATS- PKR ponvn.
Bacon... 12fd>17 1 1'orlc, fre5h........ 12® 15
Beef, choice 12(<U5 Pork, salt lOr-Sl'2
do, good 8&10 Pork Chops 12@15
Corned Beef 8(8i — Kound Stealc H*n.lO
11am, Cal 12'/..f^15 Sirloin Steak... 12 v,fa) —
do, Kastero 1 5@ Itj > Porterhouse, d 0 . .. 17(&20
l^ard.... 12@15 Smoked Beef <Sls
Mutton B©l'j Pork Sausages. ... — ®-JU
Umti 3O4iilii! Veal 10(011
I'Oia.lHY AMI OAMW
Heng.eacn-.... 50* 65 Turkeys, % lb.. 16<a 17
Young Koosv Uucka, eaca...' 40® 75
ers, eacn..... 75@ b5 Geese, each.... l 26®l 50
Old Koosterj, iJ'iceoiis, "# pr.. 40® 60
eacn SO® AO llabbiu, fi pr... 85® 40
Frjers, eacn... 80/ a) 65 Hare, eaca..... lb& 20
Broller3,e*ca.. 3i-@ s(.'|
JRUITH AVt> VTTT*.
Apples, IJ4 lb Almonds. Ib 12®15,
Bananas, * d 07.. . . ldg^O.OrariKes, 1» d0z. ... 15fd>30
«j..m ies. f* .... iOia,J!);ilaisins, %i Ib. «®IS
Cocoanuts, each... 4@ 6|Stra\v bcrins,
(iooiieuerries.%4 Ib 1U«12 %f drawer 25@40
Leiuoiia. it d0z....25@30 'vValnuu, ft tt> lO(ot —
Limes, $ d0z......]0<ai2
Asparaeus. "# Ib.. s(ajl2'Drled Okra. H 1b..12(ai5
Arilchokrs,^doz..l.'i@4o Onions, * Ib.. .. — ft& f>
Beets, ? doz 12@15 Peppers, dried ... 15t<i -
Beans, white "#lb... 3(0 5 do, re-n. V Jb . -(<S3S
Colored, ij* Ib..^ ;-(q) s! Parsnips, i» a0z. ... ir>(^au
Lima, V It) ilk i>l Potatoes, V 1b..... 2(3 3
Cabbage, each..... fi@lo l» Swept, '* Ib.. 8(g) 4
Cauliflowers, each. 6<2>10 Radlshes.«dzbcn*.lo(aia
Celery, V bunch... 6® — Kbubarb. %» tb. Hm) 5
Cress. i»dzbuuchs.2U(a>2s Sage, ?» Ib. . ...i!sfq>3s
CnciinihrrK.dz.l OU@l M. Srnt .-"quash i» lb — r<als
Oarllc, l» lb 6®- String Beans, Iji tti-l'JalS
Green *eas, * lb.. V@ i Thyme, '# Ib 20®33
Lentils, ft lb 6fg) >■ Turnips, * d0«....16ff1ai)
Lettuce, «( d0z....15®21 Tomatoes. 'ft a. ... 15«25
Mr'fat Squash, Ib 6@lC ;
FISH— PEIt POTTNU.
Barracu<U.... M 10® -| Sea Bass -<$ -
'•"'■P s(s > Smelts.' „. 10® —
0(lflst > -" 12®15iSoles. 10f«_
fiv? aers Skates, each 6(315
alibut 10<a>l2 Sturgeon.... -© -
Kincnsh _.... b«4lo,Tomcoa 10® 1".
Mack 1 '' I rel -Clams, ViraL.....; -®50
flo,Uorse._ _ Do. hardshell, * «
£ erct -~ 6® 8| 100... T.tim
}, ornn • • -® -Crabs, each. . . . . ... 12^16
l.ork fish ........... 12® — Do. noftshell, » dz. 2S@3s
Salmon, smoked.. .2o® - Mussels, f* qrt....;lo@lvJ
fealmon. iresa ...... io® -jOysters, Cal,» 100.40(a» -
btmiupi iS(810;Do, Kastern, %ktu.^&<*lo
8had.... ...... ; _ ' s,iin ■
THE STOCK MARKET.
Stocks were lower aguiu, with more sellers than v
buyer*. The close was weak. J
! The Union Con. assessment falls delinquent in
board to-day. ''
The Swau«ea Mining Company of Utah has de
clared a dividend of $5000, payable May 10.
. The Constellation Alining Company of I'tab. has
levied an assessment of iy 2 cents per share.
The Bosto and Montana Consolidated Mining
Company will pay a dividend of '$3 per share,
I amoun ing to $450,000, on May 20, making
I $900,000 this year, and 85,825,000 since organi
zation.
At the annual meeting of the Sterling. Monte
] cito and Goleta Mining companies. May 5, the iol-
I lowing directors and officers were elected for all:
: >tephen Kooerts. president; Osc^r V.; Walker,
! vice-president; W. K. Smedberg, Kobert Haux
lmrst and George P.. Winans; D. M. Kent was
elected secretary and M. G. Rhodes superintend
ent. The only change among the directors was
the election of O. V. Wal<er place of C. E.
Green, resigned. The mines operated by these
companies are in Jordan district, Mono Lounty.
this State, and a large mill and reduction plant has
lately been completed upon the property.
in the Standard. Consolidated mine for the
week ending May 1 the usuai prospecting work
was done. Ore was stoped from various poims in
the Bullion and Black ledges etc. The stopes lv
the Black ledge showed quite a wealth of medium
grade ore. High-giade i.re was taken from the
lootwall s-am on the 380 level.
Standard ml.l stat ment— Ore crushed fur the
W(ek,'29s ton<: average ass y vanner tai ings,
$13 65; tons concentrates pr< d c<d, 414: ass*"
value, $3544; plate amalgam produced. :50iy 2
ounces: vtltie per ounce, $2 05. | J l:e wea her is
fair and 450y tons of tailings were treated duri'
the week at plant No. 1. where everything is pro
gressing smco:hly. They e.ti.ec ed to change ihe
first vat at plant .No. 2 about the middle 01 this
week, . :: ■■-■;...■..-,.;....--.-.. *^-,
\i;d sALE-i.
roliowtas wpr* (be »*»»s in the San Frsnoljco
Ftcck Board yesterday:
SI6CLAR HOBNIK9 fIESSIO*. rOWWWVfTTTC'* P:SO.
•2IU 8n11i0u....05 200 Confl .1. '25 100 Seg 8e1....09
100 Change... 1 <0 V Point ...a 1 SOU Un10uC...20
300 Choir fcO 10J U&0..._31 100 21
100 CC&V..2.OU Mxlc. 100 i" J0«u....30
/UTKKNOnN BK83IOV— •J:30.
200 8e1cher... 34|200 Chalice... 3s 7UO P0t051.....45
40(1 B<Jtß bl 200 H«SN 8. 20 60
20<J 8u11i0n.. ..0b 50 8 4UO Savage.... 2o
•200 Chollar...7ij2oo Justice. ...OH JOJ s Nev....50
300 7. llOii Me*icau..4i 100 48
100 74 lOU orthlr 87»OUL'uiou 20
4(>U CC«fcV-.].9i -'JO OCOdt i: 2JJ X JHCKM..3O
800 l.bOl I
f-ollowlne wera the t«»i vi tho Pacirls aiock
yesterday: '
RKOri.AR fFI»«TON — iilTI.
100 AlT>h« 081450 Chall«e.*.S6lboOccld 16
100 .......09 I4O'J CC&V.2.06 (00 16
■20U Alt* 07,900 2.021/2 iOl Uptilr...l.oo
35U Andes 241*2 iSO 2.' 0 100 98
20J JbelcDer....;>7 950 1.97y 2 >00 97
tiOJ h& B ti. 1200 1 652U0 0vrmn....06
300 r. 82y 2 100 C0nn. ..3.2; 20 1 Poiosi 01)
1300 b.: 700 O Imp....ti 200 49
HOU 61700 01 20> M.vac....'20
2JOO 60 600 U Poln:. 200 68AM....UU
6 iJ iu11i0n....U6 200 3k 7vO S .\ev.....50
-in ca1eda.... 141400 i.<£i . _..30|500 »il Hi 11 ....02
40 ) Choir 821,100 HAN H3'3UJ biu0u.....20
700 ......^....81 200 Keutck....o& Utah 05
bOO 791700 Alex 43 20J * J»CJtt..3:
400 78 400 42400 .......SO
• A*TKRNOON PKSSIOV— ?::<>
Inn J»Tnhl> CFIOOO Caled 100 Ophlr 97
100 O7M'O Conn.... 1.20 00 . 95
100 Alta. OtllOO 1.'22y 300 Potosi 49
200 Andes /4 3t)o CrwnPt..3i- 200 .....45
100 23 SOJ 3". 120'J Havace. .20
10.) Belchw...3t 2UO U«fcC 3 Vi\) 19
200 *4 200 2» 100 8B&51....08
261 B*B 81 -200 2. 13J » .Nt 50
700 6H 100 H&N 8: . iO 48
10U Chllnge...3t 400 Mexican. 4 5J Btnrdl.&7y a
200 »36 70U 4. OJ Union '20
700 Ch011ar...77 4(0 /JO ...........19
300 7« 2 'o Occd ....1& .-SOU Otah OB
700 CC*V... 1.95(700 i3UOJ * JU*i....»o
450 l.:< 200Ovrmn....0^'l0J 29
600 lva
CjuOst^U (lIOTATIOJiS,
KRIDAY, May 7— 4 p. h.
Jl*.AH '■»".; . Uvt. /t«/c«<.
Alpha Con 1)8 09 ulln 04 05
Aon. ... U >J t7i .' ustlcil. 03 04
And**."'! ... 23 24 Keninck. 06 WO
Belcher.'." 33 34 Mexican 41 42
ten ,v Belca»r to bl Nevada Qnaea. — •(5
fcentouCOu... . 10 -j'iccldeu;aU 15 16
Lollion ........ 04 06 ipblr 94 95;
Caledonia, 13 14 verm:ia „ «j4 06
(.hollar T3 1 otosL „ 44 <5
Lou.CMAVa... 1-&5 l.Ui- hvagc .^ 18 19
Challenw Coa. 34 35 -corpion „. — 14
uu. Jmpert*l. 01 I", ->cc. Eelchsfc.. 08 09
Confidence. ..1.15 l.'^O 1 ilver Hill .. 02 «3
lou .New V.or.c — t h -sierra NevaXk 49 50
luwii PolnL.. 33 341 taudard — 1.60
taaiSierraA'j/ — I- -yuaicata. — — 1 «
iurekaCoi — M i.uioucoa..... 18 19
r.^coeauec — - 04 oiait U4 >6
bi.uki »t curry. 28 2& . liw* Jita* 29 30
ttbitikMnNi fcO — „ I.: ,
tiUlii am> bomjl* EXCHANGE.
FKIJJAY, May 7-2 p. sc
TNJTKP BTATKa BONUS.
J>t*.A*fi. ---i': Sit" JMk"L
CB4s conD.Jl2Vir - C *-45reg...109 UOV»
i Loiiew lasuellli — ) *. jj.*"
ill— hl.I A "> Ccir-o noSIM.
I Cal-BtCrile3s. 112 — |OaJcUa» 5» . - 30t
CalElecLßs -130 |Lo2d la 55... 107 1 ,iUO
CntraCVVSf — »6y 3 UmniDus <&%.. \'i\ ' 122%
DpDl-stex-cp — 100 |l'&OKyd». - US
>clsnL&P6i - 128y 3 jF&ChKy 81. lOOx^lOi*/*
F&CHKH tislO6Mi - |Pwl-st KR6IIIJ 18
(iearv-st Rss - 100 heno, WUL - 10S
H'C«tssv%ilOO - it-actoP&i. - 101)
LosauijL6< 82ValOO sF&NPKSt. lO.'l^ -
UoUnteed 6* - 98 ir-l'KKArizSi 9'2V» 93V*
Slkt-stCble6sl23V 2 l2l»/4l^PKKCal6j. 107 lUBV*
DoKyCon t>s. 106 10Uy 2 r?Pßßl aldi. b6 —
Vines Ist — 100 j>PßrKC.i:6i. id^iHtO
NevC.NgUVs. — 1061/j.fcV WatertJ.. ll»3/ 8 -
N KyCal os.H/4 — j^VWater4i. JUOVaIOI
bity cai urn. — — -.ntuint£.ji V9V^lUUy a
Contra Costa 33 36 tipru^ v'alior 98V 98V
WurluC* 60 t4 I
«>A» AND XLKCTRr* » TO'ITt-
Capital. - 80 Paclflo Ll«!r. — 51
Central. PHV, _ jsl'GAKiec. 1 35/ 8 14
li iLlec i.s'ai '■'■'■ 10 r-aa Iriiiicsco -fj. 'iy.
OaJcU 1. .til — 54y -iititKloa 13 —
; iriui i-uj JiUii — Vi j
■ NSOMAN : KTOCK-.
I Fireman'sK<j:bO — |
C«U<H'-I»1 MAVIC «TO-)lCt.
i ADCIO-Cs" ... 60 — | First Xailonl 1« 1 190
> Bankor Ca1..2'8 240 j LondonPJSA. 127^131
LuibUiTCo — 107 | AierchKx.... 12 —
FAVIN.. I'ASK RTDJCt.
I nerS&x<Co..l34Q 1400 ISavALoaa.. — in%
HnmbS&L.llu' — | security 350 300
Mutual 35 . 40 uiou Xcu4i.396 _
cl-auv Uuiun-1-rJ —
BTKKKT KAII.KOAD STOCKS.
California.... iv"' l/, — Oalc huaOaj — 101
Ufaryst...— 38 — I'realdio. .... 4 51,.
M»iiißi-at.... i;|i a 4 ,V'
■•-••• ■• VTOCICt.
Ailantlen.., 1« 17 IfllantCoa.... 2»iA 29»i
Calllornla.... 80 110 Vigorlt...^^ 36c 45c
EiiaieruU.... 80 8& |
AiriskaPkM. 1005^101s 'N«t Vinco.. — 7iA
Uer Lead Co. 100 140 ! ceanlcSSCo — S3
HawCJksca. 11»4 1' |I'bc Aux 3 3
Huiclisfu 191,4, jOYs J'acßoraxCo. 99 —
MerKxAiuu- 9U — jl'arf P«.liuUa a 7
tALBt-HOBM.SU biCSSIOX.
Board— .
50 Hawaiian Commercial 11 12y.
25 Hutchluson 8P Ca _ 19 OH
40 do do 18 H7y 3
50 Mutual Klectrlc Light...... B 6'2i' 3
50 SV Water 9B 00 '
SALES— AFTKBNOOX BBSSIO2T.
Board—
! 60 Uiant Powder Con  29 50
50 do do, s 311 29 37U,
100 liuichli.son » P Co.. 19 25
50 Mutual Klectrlc L,lght a 50
200 *• 1 ■ i.iiHlU'ht «. 2 62Mi
I i 25 V Water 9s 55
JIOOOSPof A Bonds, cash . 93 00
: $1000 BFJSNP Hallway Bonds, s 10.. 10* -J6
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
URAND HOTEL
F E Raker. Woodland W P George, Sac
T W Lynch, \vf, Mirv-sv Mrs X Oreneil, sd, CnUo
V H -Ncubnrg, \vf. Sue ■J B Konel, Sac
Mrs A 11 Han, a Barbara L D Jacks <fe wf, 8 Rosa
Mr.-i J McCbll, Forest Hill Mrs H W Taylor. F II 111
J B Ho. t Bird Laudiug C H Uilman, Palo Alto
E KMniiik, Sac. J J Luchinger, Vallejo
C Tayl. r, Oakland I) Ratz. Smter Creek
E A freeman & wf.Jksn J A Klichem ife vv, Stktn
A F Kiii-iii in <fc wf, stkn F (ir<tham, Uumboldt
O F Oikiee, 1 tgKB J Bell, Knreka
G E i'eiers, Santu Ana Alt Du.ibar. N Bowens
X Fennock, Phila . T F Klchardson, G Falls
Mrs V H Wins. on A el), Mrs W\V Kyan & cllldn,
.-enttle Hydney
Mis s \V Lsughlin.MssLgMlsa Mobel, Moss Lndg
lira Louisa Jones, Ugden W F George it wf, Sac
W L \\'illiamson,Nev Cy H B Hec-d, Somvlle, N V
G V Hoffman, NY W C Wradley, fitv Mci
Mrs M J Crane, Fresno Mrs W X Smith, Napn
-Muster -milh, >ai H H. Bel, i-ianfmd Unv
RI) Haich, Novato " .C E Curry. Maniuez
W W Crysler, De.rolt
NKW WfcBTERN HOTEU
H (!ook, Denver H Denver, Vallejo
W B t'lansen, 1 oston J Holiiday, Denver
P C Stanford, Chicago A Uackill. Ala
J Williams, San Leo 1 BL Fisher, Alaska
\V y u, mi & w, Baden W D Bereuch, -acto
J !'. Jonc» & w, U s Ang R Downey, 1.03 Ang
.1 Harper <b w, Vlriona \V Duncan, Viciona
W H Meachbury. Wivsh Mrs Hetner, N Mcx
Mrs .1 L .-ln;i. Boston O X Clarke & w, Chicago
W Quinn & \v, osden Miss Baldum, bvaltle
C F Mason, Jersey C lty
BALDWIN HOTEL.
JJ Bullock. Redwood City E 8 Stanley, San Jose
X C Henrd, Eureka J H Todd, Sacto
<i U Han 1.-rt <fe w, Or Mis M M CoOKsey. Or
W H Uleiulinm?, Or \j X Pilnce, £031011
0 A lngalls, Boston W M cross. Chicago
Mrs N W liHc^er, 111 Mrs W H F.etcher, 111
F A Work, ( al E W Redpatli, Bostoa
Mrs E LUoodsell, Cal J C l.vn.-ii, Lus Ang
tl Lacell & w, N V W F Bane*. *acto
V Ilickson, Los An* F Brown, Fresno
J A Brownstone, Seattle F 11 ill, Portland
.Mus Ku-is, Portland
PALACE HOTEL.
J B McCune, Boston A J Frank, Bo«ton
L F David, X V J W Par. in ■, Ind
I) T L>uTies. Carbon W F Peterson, B C
F W Bradley, Idaho L E Keplogle, ihcago
Mrs U E DKVles, 1 arbon J W Oliver, Rochester
A J Frank, Boston D H Jonian. Stanford
F F Rogers, Manf jrd A W Fulurder, Denver
W A Hiowell, K.elmont H V Cook, N V
J X FricK, urau.ie Mr Marshall & w, Ky
THE CALL CALENDAR.
May, 1897.
OCEAN STEAMEKS.
r>ntr« of Departure .From San Franclneo.
STEAMERS I'O AKIiIVJB.
STKAMKB | KBOJC | JlDt
bVH. JlllUN A.\U 111)1,
l/'ITITUn f-TATKS COAST AJfD 0»O1>FTI0 BtTRVItr
T:ukh ami Hxiohts or Hieu and Low
■ Water* at I'ORT POIXT. Entrancs TO
tiN Fbakcisco Bay. Pdblishkd bt Oft:-
CIAL ADTHOBITf OF THK SSUHKRINTKNDKNT.
Notk— The high and low wateri occur ai tis
City Front (Mlsiinr.-street Wharf) about twenty
five minir lau>r than at Fort Polut: vie heutu
of tide Is ma me at both places.
»lay-JB9;
Saturday, May 8.
Pnn rls«« n.0B;Moon rise*..
Sunsets 7.08; Moon sets. ...'.'. 0.13 am
Note— ln the above exposition of tbe tides tba
9«rly mornlug tides are given In the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day In th*
order of occurrence as to time. The eecond tlm*
column gives the second tide ot the day, tha third
time column the third tide, and the last or rlgh;
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
iccun. The heights given are additioas to ids
■onndlngs on ths United States Coast Snrvay
chart*, except when a minus sign — ) precedes tna
height, and then the number given la isubtractiv*
from the depth s'ven by Mm '•hnrtn.
jJIUXUJJS XU 31 \ 1.1 1.1.-s
A branch of the United States HrdrographlO
Ofßre located in tlia Merchants' Excbanse Is
Bia.'iia. 'i",l in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and free of
expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets ot charts and salllnz
directions of the world are - kept on ban! or com
parison and reference, and the latest information
oan always be obtained regarding Merits, dangers
to navigation and all matters of Interest to ocean
commerce.
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and Is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian, by
telegraphic signal received each day trom the
United States Naval Objervaiory ai Mare Island
Cai.
A notice stating whether the tlma ball wai
dropped on time, or giving the error, if any. lj
pnblisheJ the same day oy tha afternoon papers,
and by the morning paper* the following rtav.
W. S. Hushes,
XJeutenant, U. 8. OU, In charge.
The Time Ball.
£BANCH HTDKOOEAPHIOOyriCJt. U. S. W.
Merchants' Exchasbr >•
Sak Francisco. May 7. 1897. )
The time ball on Telegrapn Hil. was droppsl
exactly at noon to-day— L c.. at noon of the l'2osii
meridian, ur uxactiy at 8 c. M., Green wlrn time.
W. S. HUQHKS.
Lleurenan' U. s. N.. In chsr**.
SHIPFINti LMELLIGKNCK.
Arrived.
FRIDAY. May 7.
Stmr Newsboy. Fosen. 18 hours from Csal,
SS*J M ft lumber, to TJsal Kedwood Co.
Stnir Mackinaw. Llttlefield, 80 hrs frm Tacoma;
8600 tous coal, to S P Co.
>:mr Pouiona. Doran. 17 hour* from Eureka;
! »i.-h and ni'lso. to Goodall. Perkins A Co.
Stmr Gipsy. Iceland. HO boars from Mo s Land
inc. etc: produce, to Uoodall. Perkins it Co.
Stmr Umatllla. Hunter, b. nours from Vic
lorlu and I'uget bound; pass and mdse, to Uoodall,
Perkins <fe Co.
Ship »par an. Polite. 75 days from Sydney ;
ISH9 tons coal. tiOB ions coke, to UicKson, de Wolf
<& Co
Scbr Bobolink. Nelson. 24 hours from Mendo
cluo: 2811 M ft lumber, to Mendoclno Lumber Co.
Schr Reliance. Wi.son. la nours irom Fiaks
AM; 75 eds wojd, to tt A Oilbride <fc Co.
Cleared.
FRIDAY. May 7.
Btmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego; Good
ali. Perkins <fc Co.
Stmr state of California, Green, Astoria: GooJ
■II. Perkins <fc Co.
Ship uiory of the Seas. Freeman, Victoria; &
Dunsmulr <fe sons.
Sailed.
FRIDAY, May 7.
Stmr Chllkat, Dunham. Eel River.
Nor stmr Florida. Uansen, Nanaimo.
f-imr titpsv. Leland. Santa eras.
Strur Alcatraz. Carlson.
Haw bark Andrew Welch. Drew, Honolulu.
Brig Lurllne, McLeod, Kahuluf.
bclir Kettle .Low. low, Point (leva*.
Schr Mary and Ida, Carlson, Eagle Harbor and
codtishinfc
Sclir Heulah. Mitchell, Grays Harbor.
Schr Abbie. Hansen
Schr Sparrow, Dart, Kureka.
■ ■ lieturned.
FRIDAY, May 7.
Bktn Monitor. Turioff. hence May 6. for Grays
Harbor; returned on account of vessel springing a
leak.
Telegraph io.
rourr 1,0«'<3. May 7.-10 p. m.— Weather
hazy: wtndWWi velocl.ir 20 iv..«.
Charter*.
The bktn Planter loads mdse for Kabulul.
The ship Glory of the Seas loads coal at Comox
for this port: schr Esther Buhne, lumber at Eu
reka '.or Honolulu. ■
Spok«n.
Apr 9— Lat 3 N. lone 30 W, Br ship Glencona,
hence Jau 1, for Queenstown. , .
Douif<*tio Port*.
NEW WHATCOM-Salled May 7-Htmr Allt
anc(>, lor Ban Frauclsco.
SAN PEDRO— Salted May 7— Stmr Westport, for
Ventura.
POKT GAMBLE-Salled May 6-Br ship An
drlna. for Plymouth.
EUREKA- Arrived May 7— Stmr Humboldt,
hence May 6.
MOSS LANDlNG— Arrived May 7-Schr Maxim
from Caspar.
SEATTLK-Arrived May 7— Schr H C Wright,
hence Apr 24.
COOS BAY— May 7— stmr Arcatit. for
Han Fraiulsco: s mr Czarina, tot San Francisco;
stmr Faiallon and scbr Webfoot, for San Fran-
SCO. •
Arrived May 7 — stmr Homer, beoce May 6, for
Astoria: sclir Daisy Kovre, hence Apr 30.
TATOOSH— P«ssed May 7-Stmr J»anle, hence
May 1. for Seattle.
PORT TOWNSKND— Arrived May 6— schr Jos
eph Kus*. from La Llbertad.
CLALLAM BAY-Iu |Ort May 7-Br ship
Dechmout. trom (Seattle, for Sydney ; Br ship Su
perb, irom Taroma, io- Freemantle; Nor bark
Whit* Rose, from Tacoma, for CorK.
PORT AKOKLK — In port May 7-nark Colum
bia, from -Port Biakelev. for Han Fr«nci»co; bark
Mercuty. from Port Blakeley. for Pan Francisco;
ship Wachunett, fri.ni Chemainus, tor >y.lney.
ABTORIA — May 1 — Stmr Alice Blanch
ar I. henco May 'i.
FISH KOCK-Arrlved May 7-Bchr Ocean
Spray. henre .May 2.
. JFOKT BRAUU-Arrived May 7-Btmr Noyo,
hence May B.
GKAYSUAKBOR-ArrlveJ May 5-Schr Ivy.
hence Apr 18 I Mar 7-Bchr C T HI I, hence Apr
23; sohr C A Thayer. from Ban Tedro: schr Vo.
unteer, from Mo'llenrlo; schr Melancthon, hence
Apr 28; scbr Occidental, hence Apr vtß; BOhr I\o
neer, from ban: aUosalla; acbr G«n Banntag, frm
Bedondo.
torn l'(ir:s. ' :
j;jr,\v YORK— Sniiel Slav 6— Ship Jabez Howes
for San Diego and not as previously repor.ed.
toreijr« "i'r' •.
ISLE OF » IGHT— Passed May 6— Br bk Snow
drop from Victoria, for Liverpool. .
YOKOHAMA— ArrtV4 Jiaj 7— jimr Gaelic,
hence Apr 21. ■ «
CARDIFF— Sailed May 6 — ship Ann?s'ey,for
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed May 6— Br ship Van-
d lira, ro:' l>u > in.
■ Dl'NUr.-NK^- Faseil May b— Br ship Balclu
tha. from London, for San Francisco.
J iVEiiPOOL— Arri- May 5— It ship Drum
lan; from Victoria. May —Dutch sMi.i .\edcr
land, heute Lee 8. • ■■ '■'"'
SYD B V— Arii ved May 6— Br ship Lydernorn,
from Chemilnu'. ,■■_-■ _
YOKOHAMA— Arrived May 6— Br stmr Ta
conia, fioni Tacoma.
liiiportntin'n.
ECKKKA — Per Pomo:!a-55 b.lls moldlnsrs, 26
tubs 37 bxs butter. 44 uk;rs mdse, 13<J <!oors. 1184
M shinslrs, 1 sk coin, 1-' pkgs express, s bills
hides, l»a M ft lumber.
h. X and X X K-4 tubs 80 cs 147 bxs Dutter, 1
bx meat. 34 dressed calves. 2 bkis furs. 1 bul 10 cs
ci'ler, 40 doors, 3 s^s «O)I, *5o sks o.ts, 8 pkgs
MOSS LANDING— IVr Uipiy bxs butter.
Santa Cruz— lß bbls £liie, 6J cs caeese. 500 bbls
lime, 16 pk?s mdse. L c-. ec?s.
Pigeon Point -'.210 pk;scneese, 3 bxsbu.ter, 3
sks beans, 50 sk* bar.i-y.
TACO.MA-J'er UinHtilla— 'lS pkes mdso. 2 c*
sponaes, 2 cs cheese. 24 Iklls green hides, 600 bars
bullion, Vi cs canned as.
Tacoma of largo-1H27 sks flour, 37 b<ll«
hoop polt-s, 'i* bdls hoops i cs hats.
Kast of Fargo via Tacoma— l cs paper, lea
books. .
Everett— l pksr mdse, 2J bis nails, Ics shoes,
lOcrts berry ba*cets-
Anacortos— l6ol bbls lime. 4 pkgs mdse.
New Whatcom— Booo ft lumber. 1 bdl skins.
Departure Bay— loßß tons coaU
ha«i via Vancouver— 6 pkgs radse,"2Boo cs con
densed milk, 50 bbls ulucose. 350 pkgs 30 cs white
lead. SO cs currants, 10 cs raisins. 14 cs hams, 20
cs cigarettes, 605 cs tobacco, 195 cs boots and
shoes, 1 bx sugar, 10 ca dry goods, 3 cs flannel, J.
bbl syrup, 2 ca ammonia, 1 cs c:otblnp, 1 bbl am
monia. 1 bdl she.-! Ing. 1 cs dry soods, scs hats, 2
cs glassware, 2 bxs hardware, 4 cs leather goods.
Seattle— l 4 cs tobacco, '.06 pk«-s mdse, 2 pianos,
90 bdls 295 rolls paper, a cs dry goods. 157 bdis
hides. 5 pkgs express, 2 sks coin. 1 bx twine, 3
tuus sauce ■< cb curios, cs candy, Ics glass, 279
sks bones, H rs oysters.
Seattle via G N Ky-2 pkgs mdse. 495 sks flour.
Port Townseud— Bl pkgs mdse, 3 pkgs express,
1 coin.
Victoria— s pkgs mdse, 272 bdls bides, l pfcg ex
pres3. 1 sk coin.
Juneau — 1 cs dry goods.
Doug. Island— Ibx gold bullion.
Cuml trn*""-
Per l*o mo a— Brie ham. Hoppe <Jfc Co: B Ferry;
Albion Lusuber CO; CE Whitney AOa ; C\V Bur
cess: Dodge, Sweenov it Co: Knterprlse Brewery:
D Tweeaie; I- Murphy: II & S Commercial Co: J
R Haul y ; HUlsßroa; Hlgglna <fc Collins; McKay
&Co; Standard Oil Co : National Ice Co: Scott
Van Arsda c Lumber Co: W B Sumner <fc Co: W
J Hough: -immonds taw Co: Wells, Fargor<fc Co;
W»shinstoii Brewery: Dairymen's Union: Oeodo
Lucca; t<o«s <fe Hewlett: Getzßros Co: Pacific
Coast Lumber Co; II Liebos; L D Stone & Co; W
W wiliiuius; Wheaton. Breon & Co; H Dutard; J
Builer; Tillmann <t Bendel: Norton, Teller 4 Co:
Western Meat Co; Witzel Baker; Kuss, Early <&
Co: Christy & Wise. - <
Per I'mi ila-Hllmer, Bredhoff <fcSchu!z: Balz
1 Brc s <fc Co: 0 >o!omon; Neuburger, Heiss <fe Co; O
W liowaid: Ita:ian-»wl>s Co.ony; Stem. Mmon «fc
Co: Metter <fc Co: sell>y smeliinst and Lead Co; W
.-» Barnes: London and Sa« Francisco Bank; G W
Howard: Moore, Ferguson <&Co : C J Leist <£ Co: 8
Steifvaier-.Wililams, Brown & Co: W fleluand: H
Yonahari: Trlest Os Co: Dnnham, Carrlgan & Co;
Mohns <t K:tienbach; Pac WooJenware Bad
cooper *ue Ca; X X George Shoe Co: Tacoma aud
Roche Harbor Limp Co: Cahn, Nlc*elsbur«<fc Co;
WF Barnes: Buckingham, Hecht A Co: Belllng
ham Bay Imp Co; W i; Reveal; Wa erhouse <&
Lester: Murphy, Grant & Co: Alaiika I'ommerclal
Co:Geo HBradiora; American Tobacco Co: Pao
Coast Syrup Co: Magner Bros: T P Annrews: Cul
WlueAssn: Main <fc Winchester: A, X (>♦ oorl; X
lontes: Frederlcksourg lirewery; LD Stone* Co:
American Biscuit lo: Stanoard Bi-cult Co: I'ac
American Botil n< Co; Oregon Imp i o: Carlson,
Currier <fc Co; Everett Pulp .uiu PaperCo; John
Wiel;H OSiebenbaura; U Do. le <fc < o; il l-ytle;
J H >hoge; Jos Meyers; L Siin:.l & o; Pacific
Bone and Coal Fenlllziii!: Co; I' Gre.-nberß: Pac
Coast Flih Co: W J »andeis: Wells, Far^o <fc Co;
C Holladay: W B Sumner <fc Co: W P Wheeler; H
Flood: Wie land Brewing Co: ESurewbnry. The
Vlavi Co: Brown Bros & Co: Bissinger <fc Co-. Banlc
oi California; Koyal MillingCo: W C Bur.lick.
Per <iipsy— Standard oil Co: Euterim.se trew
ery; W F Mitchell: nl Bottling Ci: FBllaißht:
Arc;icOll Wor<3:Grav <t Barbieri; Herman Joost;
Dairymen's Union; Sherry, Avllla Co: Columbia
Rui-'^y Co: Cal BotUincUo; Norton, Teller & Co;
N Ohlandt A Co; Getz Bros <fe Co; Kowals cy .t Co;
Wheaton, Breon it Co: Weilman. Pecic & Co: M
Ktitzmuller: A \V Kink: F.nterpns* Brewprv: Cal
Pa.nt Co; M T Freitas A Co: FBHaight; Pire*
Keyes; Hills Bros; HCowell&Co: A i- ±lotaline
&Co.
For Late Shipping Intfllioence Sec Thirteenth Priae.
ocean TRAVEL.
PACIFIC COAST_STEAJISHIP CO.
STEAMERS LEAVK BKOADWAV V>*«
wharf, San Francisco, as follows: -£«4S9ff
For ports in Alaika, May 1, 6, 13, 16. lil, lid
31 aud every firth day thereafter, at 9 A. it.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tatoma, Everett, An&cories anil
New Wtatcom (BelllEuham Bay, Wash.). 9 a. n.
May 1, 11. 16, 21, 26 and 31 every fifth day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with tb« C. P R.
X., at Tatoma with N. P. R. X,, »t Seattle with
N. Ry., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For Kureka, Arcaia and Fields Landing (Hum-
boldt Bay), t>tr. Pomona 'i p. m., .Ma. 4, 8, 12, 18,
Bui, 24, 28 and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Kirneou. Cayucos.
Port Harford (.-San Luis Oblspo), Geriota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hoeneme, »tn Pedro, East Sa.i
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. it
Way a, 6. 10, 14, 1& Ti, L' 6, 30 ana every lourth
day thereafter.
For san Diego, s oppin? only nt Port Harronl
(San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Los An-
reles. Redondo (Los Aiueles) aud Newport, 11
a.m. May 4.8. 1., 16, 20, 24, 28 ana every fourth
day thereafter.
For Knsenada. San Jose del Cabo. Mazailan, L»
Paz and Uuaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 1(J
A. M., June 2, and 2u of each month thereafter.
'lhe Company reserves the rljtht to change with-
out previous notice steamer*, sailing dates and
hours of sailing. Ticket office— Palace Hotel, 4
New Montgomery street.
OOODALL, PERKINS A CO., Gen'l Agents,
10 Market st., San Francisco.
THEO.R.&N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
POR.TL AJST ID
From fipear-street Wharf, at 10 a. m.
F\ PI 1 f«l2 Urst-class \ Including
. VJk K.«i; Second-class/ berth <fc mealj
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Columbia .' April 3, May 3, 13, 23
State of California April 2R, May 8. 18, '.'8
Through tickets and through baggage to all
Eas:era yoiiua. Bates and folder* upon appllo*>
uon to
I". F. CONNOR. General Agoni.
630 Market street.
nOOPALL. PKRKI.VSA CO.. superln-enrtam
Pmtm^mßmM s. s. Australia for
ICBWir H (> N U 1. V L U onh-,
fPnnitl Tuesday, May 18, a-.
U^ ' 2 P. m. tpecial party
r\ y^\'^\ rates.
>,Iwm^ninj The 8. 8. alameda
Q)lCdllljlll r ' ty sails via HONOLULU
/J>fnM|7JU and AUCKLAND for
lylipUlUqp uYONI V, 1 hursday,
May 27, 'A p. m.
LInetoCOOLGARDIB, AnsU.and CAPETOWN,
South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS BROS. CO., Agents,
114 Montgomery street.
Freight office, 327 Market street. *an I'ranclsco.
COfIPAGIf IE 6FJERAL TR.USATLIJTI)UI
French Line to Havre.
COMPANY'S PIER(NEW),42 NORTH >«gL.
\J River, foot of Morion cl. Travelers by ■m-' r
this line avoid both transit by English railway anj
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat, New York to Alexandria, Kgyp:, via art*
first class 9160,. second class 9116.
LA BOUKGOGNE May 13. 10 \. J*.
LA CHAMPAGNE Mar --'■ 10 a.m.
GASCOONE May 29. 10a.m.
LA TOURAINB Jjnef\ 10a. «•
LA ERETAONE '"" 12, 10A. if .
iST ior nxrther PTtlcuUrn^pply^ Aeon .,
Nft 3, r^Tlmg Green. S« IV Yor«.
X F. FUOAZI <fc CO.. Auent* 5 aiontgomerf
avenue. Sau Francisco. __] ,
<^^sK OIIBDRCAUEIIICAI LH?
TWIN-SCUKW EXi'ttKii
v»ig»^BJS£^£ Line iroiu Now oi» M
Plymouth (Loudon), Cheruoarg. i'arU 41 ii-imuurs,
<-olumbia ■•»>' la I Co.uaibia .... Junj ! '
F. Bismarck.... May 27 Aug. \ ictorla. Jnue 17
Uorniaiinia ... Jon* ■«! *: iis-' r.-- ■ l "': e i
H»nii»nrg-Aiiierican Line, 37 B'irav.>- «.
KAHN HEK/.UJ. A ents. 401 California 3U
San Francisco. Cal. ' ■ • • - r f*v_
STOCETO.I STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3. Washington St..
At o V. M. Daily. l-rev»i receiveil up
to >:3* r*. >1.
ta~ Accommodations Reserved by 1 e.e,>!iJ-i*
•Iheouly lIIWMUiB4 Ibroufll tlckels «uJ giving
tbroush "frelKhl raUs to ail poln.s o.i \ Ulej
Katiroaii. ■
STtAMKK^:
T. r. Walker, J. D. Peters,
Mary Ciurratt, ' City of Stockton.
'leleyUoue Main BC3. Cai. Nay. *>.a lui^ O«
FO&D. S. IAIMIRD AM VALLKJO.
BTKAMKK "MONTItELLU,"
Mon., Tnes., Wed.. Thins, and Rat
..9:4S a. m. and 3:15 p. m (9 r. v. ex. Thurj.)
Fridays ......... 1 p.m., 9p.it
ttunduya 10:80 a. M. an.l 8 e.it
' LauUtHK and olTlri-s. Mission Ducic. I'ier J.
. Telypnone Gret-n 381. *: •-
FOR JOSE, LOS GATOS& SASTACRUZ
QTKAMKK ALVISO LKAVE-t PIKlt 1 DAILY
O (Sundays excepted) al 10 a. m. Alviso d»ilv
.Saturday exoepted) at 7 p. v. Freight ana
Passenger. F*r* between San Francisco anil
AlvUo, 60c; to San Jo,e, 75c, CUy bl. pi«l
Ml W. bauu CUr» «U =>»v J us* *" "SCANDAL
SHOWING
ITS HEAD
Dr. G W. Stimpson Says
an 0 fice Was Offered
Jor Money.
FOR A PALTRY TWENTY
DOLLARS.
Aftermath of the Recent Troub'
in Appointing a Health
Board.
STATEMENTS CF THE PERSONS
COKC.RNED.
Mayor Thcmas D nies All Knowhdg
of tbe Affair and So Dees
His Son.
Oaxland Office Fan Fkaxcisco Call,»
908 Broadway, May 7. )
The statement was made to-day that
money was talked of in the recent ap
pointments of tho Board of Heaitn. Dr.
Stimpson says that he was asked for $TOO
nnd paid over $20 on account, and Mr.
Houston of the firm of Barhatn & Thomas
declares Stimpson wanted to buy the office
and offered him the money for his in
fluence.
Mayor Tliomas denies all knowledge of
the affair, and said this evening that
whoever had talked to Dr. Siimpson had
certainly shown an intimate knowledge
of his (the Mayor's) private financial
mat:ers, which should cut no figure in his
official acts.
Dr. Stimpson, who was not appointed
last evening according to the original pro
gramme, made the following statem-nt
to-day :
I have known Mayor Thomas for some time
in iraternal orders and thought him a eood
man for Mayor. 1 therefore worked for him,
and after he was eected went to him and told
him I wanted tne position of City Veterinary
Surgeon and asked If I shor.ld present a writ
ten application with recommendations. He
taid 110, that he wculd have three of the five
positions at the hands of the Board of Health
and would take care of me. A few days be
fore the lito! May I went to him again and
he to dme to see his son Harry. I saw Harry
ami he sent in? to a Mr. Houston, in hi»
father's office on Ninth street, where I wen tat
once.
When I ma<'e myself known he took me into
a private office and toid me the Mayor was a
poor man anil that he owed his physician and
attorney. The Board of Health was to be
allopathic aud Dr. Small would undoubt
edly get out. Ii lie did his bill must be paid,
and to get the money it hud been decided to
levy on tie men who were to i»et the portions.
As my < ffice would vied $2400 in two years
my share would be $200. It Id him I f.id not
have ttiat amount, m;d he asied if I had $25.
1 gava him $20. a;! I had.
Wednesday my wife received a telephone
. message irom Harry Thomas asking me to see
Hou<ion. I came down to Houston's office,
.tut he was out. I then went to see Harry
Thomas, nnd he told me to stc Houston at
O'.;c^. Mayor Thomas' room wat open and I
walked in. I told him the fight was on and I
expected him to remain loyal to me. He re
ceived me colly, and said he had done all he
could and whs tired of the whole ift'-iir. I had
seen Dr. Pieice around the office, nnd then be
gan to suspect that all was not smooth.
I went to Houston, who ri-turned ray S?2O
and toid me the slate had been cracked, and
that if I failed on the next vole not to blame
him or Thomas, as they had doae ail tra-y
could for me.
Mayor Thomas denies any knowledge of
the story. He says:
I never met Dr. Pierce but once, and have
Known Dr. Stimpson for some time in the Ma
eoiis. He came to my hou*e to see me when I
«a> lick, ana after the election he asked to be
made Veterinary burgeon. I told him he
si.o.iM have it, as I Imu teen told that Fierce
worked against me. When told tnat Stimpson
was a ir^e silver mtvn and a Democrat and that
I>r. Pierce riaci worked for me I told the doc
tors they could regain Dr. Pierce it they so dc
sir-d, as I tad no objection to him.
Mr. Hous on, Mr. Benham or Harry never
mentioned Dr. Stimpson to me. aud I never
indicated to them my choice until I told Harry
when the board was named. Ido not beiieve
a word of the story against Houston, and
L-iieve Stimpson must hare worked himself
Into believing something that he either
dreamed or was toid him. I never authorized
any one to sell positions.
Mr. Houston when seen laughed at tbe
story and said:
1 can assure you I would not sell such an
office for $20. Dr. Stlmpson came to me so. -ne
t.me aeo and requested me to speak a good
word fur him, as he had worked lor Thomas.
1 then went to the mountains, and di i not re
turn until Wednesday. Meanwnile the board
was appointed and made its lions, which
vrre later declaied i.leeal.
Wednesday Dr. Stimpson came in to see me,
an i &>ked ma to S3e a j hysician whom he be
lieved was to be on the boarJ. I did so, and
lie placed $20 on the desk, and told me he
would mve v.ore when he was in office. I told
him I d.d not want his money, and did what I
couia without any thought of remuneration.
I am not in the business of office brokerage.
Harry . Thoma*. the son of Mayor
Thomas ar.d secretary ol tbe iJoard ol
Public Works, says:
Dr. Hirap<<o:i came In here and asked me to
favor bim to my father far City Veterinary. I
toi.i him I couli not and ior him to get some
Jriend*. He asked me who were father's
c i ■■<■■- 1 friends and I told him Houston and
Beiihnm. I have nad nothing more to do with
t c affair and handed his name to the doctors
wi:u the others that father wanted the board
to appoint. - -. . ■■ ■ ■
DENY THEIB SIGNATURES.
Another Step In tho Battle Over the
City's Hydrant I'atronage.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 7.— The petition
filed with the City Council to aiternnie
the fire hydrants is gradually being with
drawn. During the past two days the
City C'lerc has received numerous letter*
from the Pacific Coast agenis of the lead
ing tire insurance companies, statins that
they signed the petition not knowing
what it meant and requesting that their
names be withdrawn.
Colonel L. L. Brorawell of this city, the
coast agent for one of the companies, is at
present in Los Angeles, and he declares
that his name is ari absolute forgery. He
h&<i telegraphed that he never signed any
sncn petition and does not believe it
would be right to do so.
No one seems to know at whose instiga
tion the petition was prepare ;, bu it was
plainiy aimed at the Oakland Water Com
pany, and yet its rival* declare that they
know not ing whatever of the document.
Wivn the matter comes before the Fire
and Water Commitiee there will be a
lively session, as representatives of each
company will be on hand to give their
VJPWS.
President Dingee has declared that to
change the hydrants would be a needless
exne.-isp and an injustice to hi* company,
Most Complexion Powders
have a vulgar glare, but Pozzoni's is a tru*
beautifier, whose effects are lasting. I
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
and would tend to force a consolidation
of tbe two companies, which would mean
the raising of tho rates, to the detriment
of the householders.
Three Small Fires.
OAKLAND, Cat,., May 7. —The resi
dence of Captain Thoma* Mem, owned by
Hugh Cra<ig, was d scovered on fire this
orenoon by the gardener. The blaze was
extinguished before it did more than $500
d:imape. The fire was caused by v. elective
insulation.
Shortly after noon the department was
called upon to extinguish a tire in the
Chinese washhouse of Lee Sing, 422 Fifth
street. Live ashes caused the lirr. The
damage was only nominal. Assistant
Chief Murdock arrested the owner for
violating tne fire ordinance.
At 12:30 this mornine fire was discov
ered in a 9econd-hand"store on Twelfth
s reet, between Broadway and Washing
ton. An old mattress was found burning
in the center of the store. The Cniel is
satisfied tbat it is a caso of incendiarism.
Begged to be Killed.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 7.— Annie Far
rell was committed to tlie Napa A>-yi m
to-day. She imagines she is being con
fined for some crime and ir took two men
to control her. Her mind became over
balanced through relieious work and she
begged some one to fci.i her with an ax.
Hoard of Health Appointments.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 7.— The Board
of Healtu to-night carried out M«yor
Thomas' programme. The following ap
pointments were made: H'-ahn Officer,
Dr. J. P. Dunn; secretary, H. K. Snow;
assistani Sanitary Inspector. J. Perkins;
City Veterinarian. Dr. F. E. Pierce.
THE TUNNEL.
Supervisor! Are Now ExercUlnt Their
Power to Construct One Through
the HilU,
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 7.— A little ad
ditional light is thrown on the right of the
Supervisors to build a tunnel under the
e-tuary ty the fact that they are at this
present moment considering the project
of boring a tunnel through the hills be
yond Oakland for the purpose of construct
ing a wngon road into the Contra Costa
valleys beyond, and encouraging the farm
ers ot that region to come to the coumy
seat to trade.
No one has raised any objection on le
gal grounds to this plan, it being conceded
that tunnel-buildinn is a necessary ad
junct of road-making that is like y to ari^e
in a hilly region, and it being conceded
that under the genera! law the Supervisors
have authority to undertake such an en
terprise. This being the case the friends
of the estuary tunnel want io know why
it snou d be illegal to build a tunnel un
der a s ream and not illegal to build one
through a hill.
FOR IMPROVEMENT.
Movement for the Organization of an
Association of Business Men.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 7— A proposi- '
tion has Deen mooted for the formation of :
an association of business men, to take in ;
hand various projects for the public bene- j
fit. It is proposed to call a mass-meeting
on the evening of the 14th ins 1 , to take j
steps to this end. The call for the meet
ing reads:
After careful consideration and study and
after reading the literature sent broadcast by
the different citie» aad sections of the State to
advertise ana bring to public notice their re
spective merits, and to rail the attention of
the prospective buyer to the many reasons
why he suould consider certain places above
all others in which to invest hi-* capital, it has
been concluded best to call together a num
ber of those persons who are most interested
in the city's weUfare to discuss the need of
some such measure instituted here.
Many of tne cities around he bay are receiv
ing far more trade and public notice than the
city of Alameii* at tl is timo. Seme action
must be taken to keep Alatieda to the fore.
BBEMER'3 DEATH.
Ue Had a Premonition of the End Be-
fore He Loft Uom«.
ALAMEDA, Cal.. May 7.— The death of
Christian H. Brerner, the grand secretary
of the Foresters, was a shock to bis wide
circle of friends in this city, where he re
s ded. He had been grand secretary for
seven or eight years and took great pride
in tbe order. He had just recovered from
a long slece of illness, and when he pro
posed going to the annual meeting at
Marysvllle his physic an and friends en
deavored to dissuade him from doing so.
But he said, "I am coin!; to the Grand
Court if it kills me, and I think it will."
Bremer was a native of Br^ruen, Germany,
and was 33 years old. His luneral will
lake place Sunday at 2 p. m., from the Al
cazar building, San Francisco.
Notes.
The crul«; of the Enclnal Yacht Club, which
was to have taken place to-morrow and Sun
day, has been indefinitely po^poned.
The Alameda O:cratic Society has in pre
pcration Gilbert <fc Sullivan's "Sorcerer" and
will give it on the 28th and 20th of this
month.
There will be a musical meet this evening
in the shape of an organ recital at the Uni
tarian Church, wnen the new organ ■will be
exploited. Wallace Sabin will preside, as
sisted by Mrs. dive Reed and Miss Alice
Ames.
A special service will be held at Christ
Church to-morrow morning at 11 o'clock, at
which Bishop Nichols wi.l be present aud will
preach.
There is !?49,457 87 in the city treasury, or
79 cents more than the books call for.
THE NEW OFFICIALS AND THEIR IDEAS— NO. 4.
City Aitorney Dow lias a very pronounced view regarding the locating of
sajoons in residence districts. Mr. Dow lives in East Oakland, and was always
opposed to granting licences in the Twenty-third avenue district. He believes
that the saloons sho.iM be restricted to business sections, and while a Councilman
he always voted in opposition to them at Twenty-third avenue.
Monday nipht he experienced a very sever* shock when he learned that the
Council bad granted licences for that district.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 8, 1897.
BARBER BIANCHI
LANDS IN PRISON
I The Wife Who Shot Him
Has Folk wad Him to
Nevada City.
Living With Another "M-s. Bi
ancbi" Who Recently At
tempted Suede.
Will Hays to Answer for Deserting
His Family of Little Ones in
Tiiis City.
Oakland Offick Sax Francibco Call,)
908 Broadway, May 7. f
Mrs. Bianchi left Oakland a few days
ago and has succeeded in having her
husband placed in jail in Nevada' City on
a charge of deserting his family.
Bianchi was an Oakland barber, who
owned considerable property and was very
saving. Severa lyears ago his first wife
died and a little later Bianchi married her
si-ter, with whom he lived moderately
huppy for a few years. About eighteen
months ago Binnchi left his wife and
tnree little ones and representing himself
as a single man bestowed his affections on
another woman in tnis city. He kept oat
ol his wife's sight and was surprised one
evening to receive a visit from her at his
apartments. The interview only laM«d a
few seconds. Mrs. Bianchi had taken a
gun along with her and as soon as she
opened the door she commenced firing at
her husband and a second later he rushed
past her into the sireet wiih a bulletin
his hip. He was taken to the Receiving
Hopital and when he recovered he
promised to be a dutiful husband and was
received back by his wife.
A short time elapsed and he disacpeared
once more, and nothing was heard of him.
He left Oakland ana his wife did not know
wuere he was until about two weeks ago.
At that time a friend from Nevada City
came to Oakland and stated that he had
left Biancni in the mountain town.
According to the visitor's story Bianchi
was conducting a barber-shop in Nevada
City with the assistance of a very hand
some woman, whom everybody believed
! was his wife, and who was introduced as
; Mrs. Bianchi. The barber's insane jeal
ousy led to his own undoing, ior on two
; occasion*, while quarreling, he cut the
woman with a razor.
Her life was made so miserable that she
! attempted suicide. On her recovery f<he
! declared that she would make Bianchi
j suffer for his conduct, and having heard
1 that he had a wife and three children in
; this city she instituted an investigation.
She soon found Mrs. Bianchi proper, and
: the two women decided that mo barber
: utiould pay the penally of his crime. Mrs.
■ Bianchi left Oakland and as soon as she
; got to Nevada City swore out a warrant
against her husband for desertion and he
is now in jail. If he has married the Ne
vada City woman he will also have to
answer a charge of bigamy.
Board of Trade.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 7.— The newly
elected director* of the Board of Trade
' met to-niabt ani effected an organization
i by electing J. P. Taylor president, G. B.
! M. Gray treasurer and Craigie Sharp sec
retary and delegate to trie State board.
The Dog Show.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 7.— The entries
for ibe dog show closea to-night, and the
list contains over 300 entries. The show
i opens next Monday and will remain open
I for four days.
SCHOOL SUPERINTENDENT
Seme Berkeleyans Want the
New O.fice Abol
ished.
A Pet.tion Obj ct.ng to the Appoint
ment of aa Overseer cf the
Schools.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 7.— Tbe action
of the Board of Education in creating tho
office ol City Superintendent of Hchoo.s
has occasioned a gre;it deal of discussion,
and now a petition is in circulation ask
ing that the ccur?e taken be reconsidered
and that the office be nboiished. The
salary of the ne^v otticer was set at $2500 a
year and F. E. Perliam of Santa Ana was
appointed to the place.
The opponents of such action at first
claimed that it was Illegal, quoting the
charter provision which makes three
years' residence in Berkeley a needed
qualification to hold office in the town. It
is thought, however, that the -chool posi
tions rilled by the Board of Education are
not officers within the meaning of the
charter.
The petition for which signatures are
being asked sets forth the following rea
sons why a city superintendent should not
be appointed:
First— That in view of the lack of school
buildings and the ueeds of the new school
houses, now being erected, we connider thnt
the money might be spent to better ndvantaee.
Second— That the amount appropriated from
all sources tor the maintenance of public
schools will not warrant such an amount
being paid for a superintendent without cut
ting the supply of other articles more neces
sary.
Third— That we hava full confidence of the
executive abilities of Principals Waterman,
WarnecJio and Congdon, ami do not think they
need an overseer or watchman placed over
them.
The petition will be presented to the
Board of E lucatior. at its next meeting.
New Church Building.
BERKELEY. Cal ,. May 7.— The South
Berkeley Presbyterian Church is prepar
ing to secure a place of worship of its
own. The church, of which Rev. F. J.
Akeri is pastor, meets in South Berkeley
Hall. It was organized a year ago by
members of the First Presbyterian Church.
The following were chosen deacons yes
terday at the anniversary meeting of the
church: Hugh Fer-ie, G. S. Randall,
John Booh re r, C. Dillon Jr. and G. L.
Bminard. The foregoine and Mesdumes
F. T . McDonald and J. H. Cooper consti
tute the board of trustees.
Claa* Day.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 7.— The last
rehearsal- ot the ciass-aay burle-que were
held this afternoon, the entire perform
ance teing gone through in the natural
amphitheater beneath the eucalyptus
trees. The costumes to-morrow f r the
class pilgrimage will be white dresses ana
black gowns for the ladies and duck
trousers and blnck plugs for the men.
X ili« Contest.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 7.— The Uni
versity of California r:fle team shot to-day
for the National competition in tarßet
?hooting of universities having military
derariments. The score made was 400
which is better than that by which Berke
ley defeated Cornell and the University of
Illinois last year.
MEETING OF EVANGELS.
Fourteenth Annual Session oi
the Local Associa
tion.
Committees Appo nted and an Ad
dress by Bishop Brey.
foge'.
The fourteenth annual conference of the I
Evangelical A-sociation convened yester
day morning at the Enianuei Church on
Twelfth street, between Market and Mis
sion. The onening exercises consisted of
a prayer by Bishop Breyfogel, followed by
singinp by the congregation. The Bishop
then gave a conference address. He said
in part:
Fathers and Brethren: The annual confer
ence 1s the itinerant's fireside. After a year
of faithful toil we father in tuis, our ecc'.esi
astical home, to rteouut the joys of an itiner
ant's life, to report the results of the work,
and to gHtner up new strength for duties to
come. As when a traveler gains a mountain
summit, takes a lonn look over the country
already traversed, aud an eager survey of the
journey still beyond, «o th« Itinerant preacnur
reaches an annual J J i*gah of hopeful prospect
es well «s of careful retrospect.
It js a time for earnest ana unflinching in
quiry Into the real motives of ministerial ac
tivity. Of all men in the world a Christian
minister needs to know his own heart and its
real relations.
The annum conference offers opportunities
for new menial and moral equipment,and can
become to eacn, member a time ior great spirit
ual quickening.
In these aays when some men, who claim to
be preachers ot Goi's word, assail the very
truth they profess to proclaim, applying to the
divine reveiauon the method of the rational
lit, we do well to emphasize with increased
clearness and force the verities ot the Gospel,
and to accept unhesitatingly the miraculous
as well as tile mornl and historical elements
of the Bible, it affords m--> great pleasure to
know that J address a company of devoted
m n who trust fully in the truth which they
preacu to o hers.
The Bishop then appointed Dr. H.
Cordes and Rev. J. Kraber and Rev. O.
Glun;; assistants. The annual investiga
tion into the conduct of the ministers fol
lowed, showing that all hod indeed been
well with th<= association during the past
veir. Credentials were voted to the Rev.
Karl Meckel to the Minnesota Confer
ence.
At the afternoon session Rev. E. F. Ber
ner wos elected presiding elder for the
next four years of the Los Angeles district.
The reports of the various churches we-ri 1
then read, showing all of them to be in
a most flourishing condition. The follow
ing commilteeo were then appointed:
rommittee on statistics— Rev. C. Grucn, Rev
F. Coides and Rev. J. E. Luhr.
Temperance ana Sabbiuh— Kev. E. F. Berner
Rev. G. G.unz. *
Education— Rev. G.Glunz, Rev. F. Cordes.
Ways and mear's— Bishop Breyfogel, Rev. H.
Cordes and Kot.'C. Brenor.
Finance— Rev. F. W. Fischer, Rev. C. Gruon.
Two visiting menib»r< of the Oregon
conference — R»v. .J. B. Fischer and Rsv.
Noaii Shupp— were received as advisory
members. !
Los Angeles was decided on as the place
for the next meeting of the confnrance,
which will take place the first Friday in
May, 1898.
In the evening Rev. Noah Shupp
preached in tho German lanirr.age. To
day tiie reports of the various committee*
appointed ye-terdny will be heard.
NO TIGHTS FOR EMMA.
Mliis Ashley Will Probably Slake Her
Debut In the Tart of Bar
bara Hare.
Emnia Ashley has no ambition to emu
late Mrs. Dimond in her histrionic debut.
She will not appear in tights. That much
has been decided, and it has also been
virtually determined that the play she
will appear in will be "East Lynne," and
the part she will undertake will be that
of Barbara Hare.
Sho is now undergoing daily tutelage In
the dramatic art, but has not yet beiMin
the study of her lines. She declares 6he
has no fear in the latter regard, and that
« c can become letter-perfect in time to
make her appearance in two or three
weeks withom trouble.
■\Vhile a contract with Mrs. Carrie Clark
Ward for a tour of the State has been
signe-i it has not yet been definitely de
cided at what theater the benefit perform
ances for Lillian Ashley, her sister, will
be given, nor when. They may be given
two weeks from to-day, or, perhaps, not
before three weeks.
The part of Barbara Hare will permit of
fine c<»* turn ing. and it is understood that
the gowns that Emma Ashley will don on
the stage will be marvels of the modiste's
art (
shooter JDavl* W»i Lucky.
Albert Davis, charged with shooting William
Healv. his brother-in-law, was on trial in
Judge Wallace's court yesterday on an accusa
tion of assault with h deadly weapon. Heslv
did not appear as a witness and as the testi
mony presented was not Rtifficieut to werrant
a convic ion tne jury returned a verdict >J
acquittal.
The fac-Blmile JH& _/ZfV_i /*" ' " Oik every , wrapper
signature of UC»^/Z7d^U^ .©* CABTOEIA.
BLIND,STARVING
AND WITHOUT HOPE
Pitiful Plight of the Son of
a Once Powerful
Don.
Asked Supervisor Mitchell to
Lead Him Down to
the Bay.
D sircus to Dip, tut Without Any
thing by Which Ha Coull
Satisfy Hs Desir?.
Oakland Offick, San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, May 7. )
A man probably more miserable and
with less to live for than any man in Cali
fornia wandered into the Hall of Records
to- icy searching for a Supervisor to give
him relief.
The old fellow was Frank Sovranos, a
Spaniard, about 60 years of age. He is
totally bli:id, partially paralyze! and
quite unable to take care of himself. He
arrived in this city last night, roamed the
streets alone until tars morning and as
soon as daylight came he wandered to the
blind home on Telegraph avenue, where
he applied for adni'ssion.
As mere are forty applications on rile at
the home Sovranos could not be received.
He came to this city with a recommenda
tion from the Supervisors of Los Angeles
County that he be received inio the home.
They furnished him transportation to
Oakland for that purpose.
Supervisor Mitchell li-tened patiently to
the old feiiow'f story. He said he had no
money, no food, no place to go and as he
is not" a resident of this county Supervisor
Mitchell could not render him assistance
from county funds.
"Then it you can't help me," said the
old man, "lead me toward the bay bo that
I may drown myself. It does not cost
anything to die mat way, and I have no
object in Jivinc. I have not the means
even to get anything with which to kill
myself."
The District Attorney was consulted 10
--garding the pitiful plight of the old
Spaniard, and he advised that he be sent
to the county infirmary, and later in the
day this was done.
Sovranos was born near the old mission
in Monterey. His father was one of the
old Spanish settlers, and half a century
ago was a prominent don. The son has
spent his lifetime in this State and re
mpnibers much interesting history of the
early days of California, whan his family
helped to govern. With the decline of the
Spaniards they lost all their property,
and now the old man is absolutely penni
less.
OONTEA COSTA TUNNEL.
Can the Supervisors Build II and Refuse
One Undor the Estuary?
OAKLAND, Cal., May 7.— A good
deal of talk is being inulged in as
a result of the recent decision of
District Attorney Snook relative to the
power of the Board of Supervisors to con
struct a tunnei under the estuary.
Taliesin Evans.. ex-Councilman of the
Sixth Ward, addressed the following to
him this afternoon:
I observe that District Attorney S;iook ren
dered an opinion at a meeting- of lnteres:ed
citnens held in the hall of the Board of Super
visors last Wednesday night to ihe effect that
the board had no authority to spend the county
money for me boring of a tunnel under the
estuary, its power being restricted to the cou
struct'on of a bridge across that waterway.
If trie opinion is sound, ca.i the Supervisors
appropriate any money for the boring
of a tunnel through the Contra ( osia
range on the route of the Kennedy
road, which, I understand, is contemplated?
What is the difference btUweeu going under
the summit of the Contra Costa range to avoid
going over it, and going under Sun Antor.io
estuary to avoid crossing over It? 1 am not
advocating the one nor declaring agaiiiMttnc
other, but asking a question which two under
takings involving ti bimilarenglnecrlng opera
tion naturally suggest. There may be a ma
terial difference in the opinion of ibe District
Attorney between the right of the Supervisor!
to spend public money to get uuder waier «nd
their right 10 spend it to gel under rock, but a
plain citizen confesses Ms inability to see it.
"The tunnel proposition through the
hills is an incident of the power given the
Supervisors," eaid District Attorney Bnook
this afternoon in reply to the letter, "rela
tive to theconstruciion of highways, while
the estuary plan shows the absence of such
power.
"Outside of municipalities within its
jurisdiction (he county has absolute
power at present, but witnin the munici
pality the city or town takes precedence
and is responsible for its own highways.
"Just there is the catch. The estuary is
within two citie — Oakland and Ala
meda—with the southern line of the for
mer seiving as the northern line of the
latter. As a const qnence, the county has
no control, except in so far as toe acts of
Legislature give it privilege*. This whs
the case In the Webster-sirvet bridge. Ii
is obvious that the county cannot over
step its limited power and assume the
right to construct a tunnel, when it is
merely allowed to build a bridga."
lecture to the Police.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 7.— Chief of Po
lice C. E. Llovtt had his men on Uress
para<!e before the City Hall this afternoon.
The unu-al spectacle of s-o many blue
coats together nttrscted considerable of a
crowd. They were marched upstairs in
columns of two and given their regular
quarterly lecture by trie Chief.
REAL ESI ATE TRANSACTIONS.
Peter and Julia Bobl to Mary Jorlan, lot on W
lltie of \Veb»ter stree , 47:4 a of brove, a 62:8 by
\V 07:6: «7600. '
'lv odore aud Hatti? Fro! ich to Louise .h. C.
Haberlfnit, lot on ft Hue of l-u'.to l s.reet, 1 10 W of
Weoster, W *7:6 by s 137:6: «ront.
Geor/e and Kmiua Blucher to U»-orgeH. B ucber,
lot on X lit. c of Klllrao.e street, 69:6 .s oi Green
wich, N26by k 80: $10 •
John H. and Anna J, Lin.iow fcxocutors of e«
tu:eof John K. Lindow) to Bernard T<>nloisi>, lot
on h In- of Caiiforni- street, 80 X of DeVisadero,
JS ii 7:6 by s 11U: $l6iO.
Maianil Annie -c.ilck to Rosalia Gr'enbaum.
undivided thrt-e-ilphihs «f lots S line of California
nirret, 31 :3 W of i aker, W v; 5 by 8 100; 81J. .--%;■
\VI liam «>orrinke. (eiwu:oro[ e<tH:eof Aaron
Gorfiukel) to same.undiviJed live-eigbths of same:
•17- .0. •: . . . - -■• ■.■■•■; ■ ■ •■' . •
l-'du-urd Mctzger to Mary J. Nachtlßßll, lot on
S line of VVa ler street, 230 X of oonic avenue.
E 50. H 149:1084. W 50. N 148:I17/ 8 ; *1000.
Mury J. Xi.chuifall to Oabrlelle i J . Nuclitlgall,
same; gift.
Henry J. Mul er to George H. Blncher, lot oo W
line of "I om street, .85 s* of Fourteenth, « 25
by vv 12-:«. $10. ■
F.ninin Lolor 10 Edward J. le Breton, lot at In
tersection of MontKomery avenue w t U line of
Bay street, W '.^■a\.. , H 137:6. £ 137:u, .\ 35,
K\V 133:314: $10.
i.via i and L.nigia Demarllni, John and Rosa Lf
vaggl to i ierre ami Krciiclne Chlge, loi oa S\V
coruerof Jo ies ana Union atreets, W 62:6 by s
'/4: $iv. '
Ueoriie \V. Hi:gtifs to Kmily E. Kirketerp, lot on
S line of Bush strret, 63:6 W of Jones, \V t>6:9
by H 137:6: also interest in estate of Christian
Klrketerp: JISJO. '■■■-■■■• : . . .. .*
Alien K. Har. to Mary K. Neary (guardian of
Mary E. and Charlotte 1 Godfrey), undivided one
third of lot on 8W line of Fourth street, 25 -\ W.of
Teharr.a, W '£b by>- 75. »10. ' -
Lewis Citrus. Kmiua Meyer,- Julla> Preyfus
und I'annle Ulnckman to Adam Jeffrey*, lot on .'»
Hue of BQt-.e street, 75 E of Texas. X 'ib by N
10ii; «10. '■■-. ■•■• '■-■- . :■■_■ ••.; ;;: :;.;-" ■ :,:
• The ban Francisco L»nd Company to Klla h.
I Otfwenthul, lot on X lire of Konneenth avenue
250 S of 1-sk-. S 60 rjy X 1.0: *10.
Margarn A. <<ro?»:i" to KranK J. Devlin, lot on
\V line of I hlrty-flfth avenue. i4O Sof B street. 8
120 by W 120; ."PIC. '/'-' ■ "
Mm. \Vm.(>. O.en (nee ranees Ham lton) to
Auction SALES
v*.; v RESTAURAST AUCTIOS-
THIS DAY c*ATUROATO AT 11 A. M.
205 J2LLIS ST.. SKAB 3JIASOX.
FKaNK W. BUTTERFIELD, Auctioneer.
... 602 Mnrvpt strpAt.
William G. Green, undivided naif of lot on 8W
line of Fa kland, now Mxteenth avenue South. 50
NWof lombiicbee, now Q street, N\V 25 by S\V
ICO, b.ock 334, Haley Tiact; $10
Amanda smith to Janies W. Cochrane, lot on W
line of Thornton Rtree:, 125 N of Sherman, N 60
by W 104:4, block 3, Ciiy Land Association: $11).
ALAVfKDA COCNTY. ,
Irving M. and Laura H. Scott to Effie Browne,
lot on N line of bixth avenue, 125 X o: Kast Tenth
siree:, X 25 by N 150, block 21, Clicton, Kast
Oakland: gift. v; , . -•■■•"';'
M. and Cather n9 A. McCann to Henry Drapel,
lots 1, 2 and 3. blocß 747 of C. C. Clay's subdi
vision of Levy and Lanj Track, Brooklyn Town
sh p, qultrloimdeed: 960.
George a. and Mary Severance to Ella A.
Osborne (wife of V. -.), S 30 f<>et of lot A, block
52, AlameJa Park Homestead, Alamedn: $10.
William Glboons toJan.es Black, lot beginning
at a pnlut 14 itom N corn r of First and Lizzie
s:r ets, XE 49, .NW 16-:10. s\V 52, SE 180 10 be
ginniug, b.ock 1, McLeod Traci, town of Liver
niore, .^:urray Township: $5.
V\. W. -r. and B len M. Allen to Frederick L.
Burt. loi on X line of Chestnut street, 100 3 of
Ei ruh, h 27:88/ 4 by ii 15'^. being lot 6, block 638,
warranty deed, Oakland: $10.
Albert Kills to Edwin J. Kills. lot on N line of
Ninth street, 125 E of Clay, B 25 by N 100, being
10126, bloc* 117, Oakiund; $10.
Frederics A. AllarJt to Oakland Bank of Kav
in-s. lots 15 and 16, block 29, San Antouio, East
Oakland: $10.
Aiiboii S. and Anita 8. Blaie, F. W. and ("arrie
8. Bilg^r to Charles T. Lewis lot 13, block 1, of
the Highlands, being a res übd I of blocks 1,
2 and .i of Tuohy Addition to Berke.ey, Oakland
Township: *10.
K. and Caroline Rumelsbnrg to Nahum E. Wil
liams, lot on iS line of .s xth street, 146:2 N of
Delaware, N 6 by E 116, being the e> 6 feet of lot
20, block 65, Tract B. Berkeley L. and T. I. Asso
ciation, to correct 478, d 36. Berkeley; $10.
11. A. and Chris lne h. Pletsner to Joseph and
Marie 1. Meyer, lot on W live of Merrill avenue,
30 Nof Lloyd, .V 33.76 by W 128, being lot 9,
block X, Fiui:vale 'lerminal Tract, Brooklyn
Township: $10. . <:■ ■ . ;
Staniry ana Caroline s-tephenson to W. P. Ful
ler <£ Ca (a < 0.-poratlon), lot on s line of Enclnal
avenue, 100 X of Oa< »tr et. E 60 by S 140, being
Im 3, block >, lauds adjaiem to Kncinai, Ala
meita: also lot on E line of l.aurel avenue, 1 30 -s
of C.inioD, rs 40 by X 13J, bs?mg lot 8, block A,
Bellevue Trac;, Alameda: $10.
lharles 1-. iuhl Annla s. Taylor to Felix Mar
ca-ii' aud J. A. Kemmel, ot on W line of Minturn
street, 137 Bof Ral road avenue, 537 by W 88,
being lot 8. map of subdivision of lot 32, Fussklngs
I'arit, Alameda: $U.
Josepu and K»ie 1 ewis to Wilhe m T. Sage
horn, lot on hJS corner of Santa Clara avenue and
aianton s.reeu theuce X to dividing line between
Hibberd and Fiich aod aron tracts, thence HW
to X l.neof Manton, thence N o beginning, -4la
meda; also l< ton W corner of Baicrr avenue and
V.rglnla street, SW 160 oy XW 110:6. b-lng lots
32 to 37, Bromley Trai t. Brooklyn Township: al^o
lot, on S W l.neof liak r avfnue, 75 NX of Vir
ginia street, MS 75 by NW 110, being >ots 26, 27
and iB, Bromley i ract. Brooklyn Township: a. so
lot on N corner of Mills str.-et and Baker avenu?,
NW 100 by NX 169.60, beiag portion of lot 16.
revised map J. Levt tx. Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship; JlO. __^
r.uildcri' Contracts.
F. Pane with H. Behrens. to erect a two-story
building on W line of l.eavenworth street, 87:6 N
of Gilbert, $3100; Salfl Id & Kohlberg, architects.
Adam >traub with Klein & hlckbolt, to erect a
two s ory building on 1 >t .4. b tele P, Park Lane
Tract o 5; .\lex Ilildebrand, architect.
FOOD COFFEE.
TIRESOME,
But the Grocer Will Do it at Times.
It is rather discouraping to one in search
of a good, healthful breakfast beverage
, when coffee don't agree, and nfter having
carefully investigated . the facts about
Postura Cereal coffee, to have his grocer
advise some "cereal coffee" "just as good
as Postum," and find a cup of weat, in-
sipid and Hat Jiquid served at breakfast,
when a palatable beverage was expected.
II Postum is ab^oiutely insisted upon
the erocer will furnish it, but it is not a-
profitable as the imitations. It is quite.
safe to say that there is but one tooth-
some, delicious and pure cereal coffee,
and that has a trademark reeistere i in
the United States Patent Office as "Fos-
tum Cereal." A package will be sent by
paid post for 25 cents by the Postum
Cereal Company (Limited), Battle Creek,
Mich.
There is tut one genuine oricinal Pos-
tum Cereal coffee, with a multitude of
imitation" offered ni "just ns trnofi."'
LiitiAL, NOTICK3.
THE CALIFORNIA DEBKI4 MISSION,
JL having received applications 10 ml ■ by the
hydraulic procesj from the industrial Gjld Mining
CompHiiy In tue old French mine, near Indian
Diggings, Xl Dorado County, to deposit tallingi in
Cedar Creek: from .lam .1 Hooks in the llesserer
mine, near Spanish Kanch, l'lumas oun:y. to de-
potlt tai.lnfrs in >pani»;i Creek; Iron) the liaskel
Ravine Mining Company in Its mine in Mohauk
Valley. Sierra County, to deposit lailincs on a Hat,
and from Costa, Davis it Co. tn ih-ir mine a.
Cherok*- Butle County, to deposit tailings In an
Old pit, gives notl c that a rme;lrg will be held at
room 59, ood buildl'g. San Francisco, Cal., on
May '.'4, 1897, at 1:30 P. M
CITY AND COUNTY TREASURY, SAN
Francisco, April 15. 1897.— 1n compliance
with the provision* of section 5 of order 1598 of
tbe Boaro or Supervisors, approved September 15,
IUBO, there will be sold at public auction by K. 8.
bpvar & Co., at their salesrooms, Xl and Hi ■ utior
street, on
/ MONDAY, MAY 17,
At 10 o'clock a. m.. sundry articles of stolen, lou
and unclaimed pruperty recovered by the police
force of San Franclaco, • s detailed in an inventory
thereof on tile In the office of the > lerK of tbe
lioara of Supervisors, and consisting <>< jewelry,
wearlntt apparel, pltioli. knives, etc.: alsoalotof
trunks, valises, clothing, etc.. property of deceased
persons received from the Corouerof this City and
County. Opeu for Inspection on morning of sale,
A. C. WIDBJ£U,
• City and County Treasurer.
PROPOSALS.
PHOrnKALS FOR FORAGE-QUA KM
ter's Office, Benlcia Arienal. Cal.,'May 5, 1897.
yealed proposals, In trii iioate.will be received here
until 1- X, June 4,1897, and then opened, for
furnishiug a. Beiiiria A rsiual. Cal., during fiscal
year cumnnnctng Juiy 1, 1897, such quantities of
bran, oats and bat- as may be required i.y the Q.
li. department there. L. S. rest?ives right to re-
ject or acc> any or a.l proposals, or any part
thereof. Prefer given to HnlclHs of domestic
production, Jit on of prica an*l quality (includ-
ing in the price of foreign producilons the duty
thereon) being equal, and such prefeieDce eiv.n 10
artiosof Ao-erican produc.ion produced on the
I'i-.i- lie Coast to the extetit of the coisumptlou
required by the pub ie service there Intormatiou
furnished on applic tlon. Knveli containing
pnp H»ls shoul 1 be marked 'Propi sals for
Forage" and addressed K. B. BABhITI, Ord.
Depl., Q. ->i.
HOTELS.
IJBOOKLYN lIOTKL, 208-213 BCBH ST.,
-i> board and room $1 to |2 per day. (6 to $1j
ftt week: choice rooms 60 cents to $1; suita
j toms for family si to »L 50 per night: tlrst-cUu
■arvica: ires coacU tHAKLtS JIUNTUUMEttIf
PROFESSION AI. CARD^
I OHS K. KICHARD.% LAW O*"ilClia. KOOU4
V •M and VI, Crocker btuituiNt; M(i«i>uou« alaui
"ib, Han Francisco. Cal. j
aJ)r. Oibbon's Dispensary,
KKAK> V Established
,ln 1554 for the treatment of Private
MseMfV, Lost Manhood. Debility or
I disease wearing on body and mind
Skin Diseases. The doctorcures when
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
<uir.trunrnnK-.-d. Cnllorwrlte.
Or. J. »'. uIBBOH. Box 1957.5aa Francisco.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
Santa Fe
Limited. j^^K
On MONDAYS an d #??SS«7i&»*2?s*
T -DAYS the flrst- IK^KSOBfSrCT
class Pullman ping-car flrc«2W2Sl§&§iljß]
leavlne at 6 F.u. connects HBaJ>aSE~PEgS3BBai
•t-uaritow with th<> Bunta gaMXr.^tftr3mWP
Fe limited tram carrying XSMg^^jESH^Hfr
dttilng-car, buff t srtolcinii- aJy^^gpL'f
Car and Pull m n palacn rfa|P*SSS'**oUTEI
druwlnK-n.oni sleeplog-c*is iSSSES^^FAA
for to;h Chicago . and St. ' m^**>^*^^
Lo.ils via Kansas C lty. •-■-.. •• -■•■■-"■".
3U iix.Ti to Chicago or St. Louis.
4^ Day to N«w York. ~H 9;fx
SANTA FE EXPRESS
Leaves dally at B p. v. ; Pullman pa'«re drawing.
room, al«o mca^ni upholnter«Kl i tourist sleeplui.-
cars, thr u:h to i hicago via Ka&aos City. ; Annex
cars for Denver and M. Louis. -- .■•' •
Boston excursions via Kan«M CUy. Chicaeo,
Montreal and ■ th^ White M. ontains leave every
Tuesday; 8t I'aul excursions every >uuday. 
Ticket Office, 644 iMai-Uot • | r« l -t < iiron-
fcl« bulldiug. Xelephone Malu 1534, f J
AUCTIOH SALR 14 ROOMS FURSITURE.
OARPETS,BTO.
THIS DAY (Saturday) at 11 o'clock A.M.
14i3 lIYDE ST., COR. JACkSON.
. LAURENCE VINCENT.
RJttnoaff TRAVgQ
KMlTltr^.i I'ACIFIC COBDPAirWT
(rACirtc IBTHIJ
Tralna l«nvu itntl iiir <!•«<• lv nrrlve at
WAN ritANCIMt.'O.
(Main Lioe. Foot of Market Street) -
I^ave — From May 1. 1897. — abiuv«
•6:00 a Niles, San Jose and Way Stations... .. , . . . . .
7:O0a Atlantic Express, Ugden and East.. Bi*3r
7rooAßenida, Sacramento, OroTille and
Redding via Davis 3 l f5 P
7:*Oa Vacavillo and Rumsey 8»43f
7:30 a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, Napa,
Calistoga and Santa Rosa •ilor'
M:1IOa NiloD. .San Jo.-.', Htockton, lone,
Sacramento, MarysTille, Chlco,
Tehamaard Red Bluff. 4«13|»
- *8:80 a Peters and Milton #7tISE
OtOOA New Orleauß HxprcEi. Merced, I'resno,
Bakerslield. Santa Uiiriiara, I.oa
AiiKelcs, Deminp, El I'aso, New
Orleans and East 4i45p
9:OOa Martinez and Stockton 4:15p
9:00 a Vallejo 12:15p
. Niles, Sau Jose, Livermore and
. Stockton 7tlsp
•l:OOp Bacramento River Steaniers »9:00p
l:OOp Niles, San Jose and Livermore ' 8:43 a,
1 1 : 30p Port Costa and Way Stations t?:43*
4iOOl' Martluez, San lUuion, Vallejo,
Napa, Calistoga, Xi Verauo and
SunU Rosa £ilIU|
4:00p Benicia. Vacaville, Woodland,
Knights Landing, Marysvillc, Oro- „..
'.:"-: ville and Sacramento «UMl#
ttZOe Lathrop, Stockton, Modesto, Mer-
ced, Baymond (for Yo(emite),and
Fresno, going via Niles, returning __'_'•.
via Martlntz : lSilla
OiOOpLos Angeles Express. Tracy. J
Fresno, Mcjave (for Randsburg), ;
Santa Barbara and Los Augelt-s. 7i4»*
SiOOp Bauta Fe Route, Atlautio Express
forMojave and East 7:48 a
«>OOp Kuropean Mail, Ogilen and Kast.... 9:4.1 a
6iOWi> llnvn-nrdK, Niles and San Jose 7:4.1 a
J8:OOp Vallejo t7:4*p
6loor Oregon JCxpresi, Sacramento, Marys-
', S villc. ItcddiiiK, rurtlaiid, I'uset
Hoiiiiiland Eimt 7i43<>
" SAS LEAMIItO AMI HAiWAUUS LUUAL. *
(Foot of Market Street.)
<*6:00 a "I ~ ( 7sjs2
8:OOa Melrose, Serainarjr Park, {?> : \i X
iS:22a Fitehbnrg, Elrnhnrst, \\Ust
<11:O0a San Leandro, South Sao, 1 7: I ?
2:oop Leandro, Bitndillo, la.-J^
is.uor Lorenao, Cherry t t& F
4:OOP ' t5:43p
5:00p . ■;. and 6:13p
5:30p H .rd,. ( £g*
7:UOp m§9r
8:00p i Enng through to Nilew iSiinl!
iSAM'A CKIIS IUVISION (.Narrow tiauge;. '
_] (Foot of Market Street.)
17:43 a, Santa Cruz Excursion, Santa Crui __'_]
. and Principal Way Stations J8»O30
■ :43a Cenletvilli.,Sun.loBC.Fclton,
Uoulder Creek, Santa and
Stations BißOfi
•2:15p Newark, Centcrville, San Jose, New
Almaden, Fclton, Moulder Creek,
Banta Cruz and Principal Way
Stations.....; •M:»O*
4:13p Newark. Han Jiwb and l^wi «Jatmi ... 9:304j
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SIM mh'CISCO— Foot of Mirket Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 . 9:00 11:00 a. 11:00 *2:00 t3:C9
•4:00 t5:00. »6:00e.»».
from OiKUHD— Foot »rßro»dw»y.—*6:OO 8:00 10:00».M.
tl2:00 «l:00 t8:00 »3:00 tt:CO '8:00?^
COAST lUVISI»X-(Tlilnl * Townsi-n.l SU.) ,
7:00 a .San Jose and Way .StnLi(iii« (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) MMMOt!
0:00 a Sail Josu, Tres l'liios, Sunta Cruz,
Pacllic Grove, Pa«o Robles, Sail
Luis Oblspo, Guadalupe, Surf and
l'rincipal Stations ' 4:l»p
! 1O:4Oa San .losennd Wny Stations 6:30p
11.::Oa Palo Alto and Way Stations 8:0«p
*2:3oi> San AUteo, Menlo Park, Han Jose,
Gllroy, Tres Pinos, r-inuta Cruz,
Balinas,Monter»-yainl I'aclllcGrove •lOUOa
•Ht.'KtpSan Jose ami Way. Statlous 9:43 A
; •4i3opSan Joße and Way SUtlous *H:o3\
3:30p San .lose and Principal Way Stations •8:43*
0:.'lOi-Sau Jose and Way Stations 6iMa
! tlli43p San Jose ami Way Stations <7 _ ! . 43p
t A for Mornins. P for A f ternoou. '
• SumlKva excelled, t Sundays only. t Saturdays only
tt Monday, Thursday and Saturday nightsoiily. —
SMFRAKCISCO & SORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tlburon Ferry— Foot of Market ■it.
Ean Francisco to San Kafael.
WEKK DAYS-7:30. 8:00, 11:00 a.m.: 13:31,
8:S0. 6:10, 6:30 p. v. Thursdays— Kxtra trl
at 11:30 p. St. Saturdays— Kxtr* trips at 1:&
and 11:30 p. ic
6tXli.\is--:i)0, 0.30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:3% 3:3%
b 00. 6:20 p. m.
San IC»fael t» s»n FrancUcn.
WEEK DAYS-8:15. 7:50, 9:.'0, 11:10 A. *•
, 12:45, 3:40, 5:10 r. Jf. Baturdays— Extra triM
at 1:55 p.m. and 6:33 P. v.
SUNDAYS— 9:io, 11:10 a. k.: 1:40, 3:131
6:00, 6:25 p. v.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen I'arlc aaraa
schedule as above.
Leave ; Tn»»»ct Arrive
Ban Francisco. j April 28. Ban *' ra nclsc
Wekk I Bu!C- l} .}f^:. on Bu!f- I W««'
Da vs. I pays. " e 8»P»»on. pAY^ | VaY%
T :3O am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 AX
S:Bopm»:SoaU Petaluma, 0:10 fm 10:26 AM,
I 6:10 i-m; 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 PM, 8:22 PM
Fulton, ~
7:3oam Windsor. 10:2 SaM
Eealdsburg,
ytton,
Geyserville,
8:30 pm 8:00 am Clovenlale. 7:38 pm 6:22 PU
Heta, I
7:?oam I Hqpland <fc 10:25 am
8:30 8:00 am! Ukiah. j 7:38 pm 6:V2pm
7 :30 am] ! '. 10:25
8:00 am GuerneviUe. 7:35 m
8:30 pm | | 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 ami Sonoma j 10:40 am 8:40 am
.. - ■ and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Olen Kllen. : 6:10 pm' 6:22 pm
7:30amI8:01)am| ha) , tono i 10:4oTm IoT2 >AM
8:30 pm|s:oo M lOpO 1 C:lopm| o:'J3PM
Stages connect at Santa Kosa for Mark West
Springs: at Geyservllle for SkaifKs Springs: at
Cioverdale for the Geysers; at Pleta for Ulirrilana
Springs, Kelseyville, Soda Bay and i.akepor:: at
Bopland for Ijakeport and Bartlett Springs; -»c
Ukiali for Vichy >orms?, Saratoga Springs. Blua
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Upper Lake, l'omo, Pottef
Valley. Jonn Day's, Kiverslde, Lierley's, . Buck-
nell's, Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville, Boonevilla.
Orr's Hot Springs. Mendocluo City, Fort Brags
Westport, Vsal. i
Saturday toMonday round-trip tickets atrttluoal
rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points o*.
yond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronic!- halMln*
-A.W.FOSTER, R. X. BY
Vrea. and Gen. Manatcer. Gen. Paas. Agenfa :
SORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausalito Ferry).
from San . Francisco, Commencing May 2. 1897
WEEKDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— 7 jOO, •8:1.\
•9:45. ll:o0 a. M.: »1:45, 3:.0,i:00. 6:15,
•15:00.6:30 P. M.
Kxtra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, Wedne*-
days und baturdavs a: 11 :30 p. m.
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and Han Rafaet-»8:00, «9:00,
•10:(K). 11-.OC U:3» a.m.; 1:00. *I:4J>, *2:3j.
•4:00.5:30,6:45.11:00 p.m.
11:00 a m. does no', run to San Rafael; 6:30 and
1:00 P. Mdo not ru 'i o Mill Va'ley.
Trains marked * run to Han Uuentln.
;  . ■:.... THROUGH .TRAINS. .
7:00 a M. weekaays for i'«rad»r» «nd way sa-
tion*; 1:45 p. M. Saturdays for C*sa<lero and
• way stations: 8:00 >. if. >undav» for Caz daro
- and «ay s'aMOns: 9:00 a. m. .-u:.d»ys for Po nt
Keyes and way slut ons '
lODIT TAjIALPAIS.
Trains connect with -North PaciQo
Coast Railroad.
\VKfc.K UAV»-urf,ve& F., via Hauiallto ferry,
9:. 5 a. M. . I:4S. 4:io p. M -
i^ave v of Tarn .> I pits, daily, except Sun-
day . 1:25. 4:20 P M.
F.x:r» trips .caving Tavern, Monday. W«dn -»aay,
Friday and t»atur.l«y 7 a. m. . ilo .day, Wudnes-
rt»v »"fl H to-d •■-. fl: * p m.
SUNDAYS— Leave B. F. 8. 9. 10, 11 a. v.: I:4S,
:3ur m. . '
. ->>Vf l'HVi>rn of Tamalpats— lo, 11:U A. X.:
12: 0. :*'•. 4-15. •• :"f> p m .
'i'ickts for sale in Mill Valley or THOS. COOK
<t fcOMS 621 . Market su, S. F. . uuu« i-ulace juo-
i«l). Teicpuuue, Aia.n iiun-.
THE SAU FRAKCISCO ASD SAS JOAQUII
VALLEY KAILWAI COIPAH.
FROM APKII. 15, 1897, passenger trains will
run dally:
boulhbound. ' Station*. ,\ it h-,ou
7:'2t) a X... Stockton .....6:40 p. v.
8:49 a. m.. .......... Merced... 3:14 p m. '
11:10 a M Fresno l:10p.
: For intermediate stations see time-table.
Connections— At Stockton with steairfhoats of
C. N. d: 1. Co , leavini; San Frpneisco and 8 ockton
at 6 p. m. daily: a. Merced with stages fr m Snell.
Ings, tervllie, Yosetnite, .Mariposa, ftc; a|
Lanserebim wi.u «iage to and from Madtr*
1112
CHCBCH NOTICES.
n^^ HOWARD- ST. METHODIST EPISCO-
Ot^y pal Church, bet. S- cond and Third sis., two
blocks from Pa ace Hotel. Rev. XV. W. Case, D.D..
pastor: Martin bchultt, musical director. Hours 01
public service*: 11 a. m. ana 7:45 P. m.: Su clay-
school ut 12:30; prayer meeting Wednesday even-
ing, 7:45; Epworth Leasti*. 6:-i5 snndav- evening.
Morninit • The Resurrection Body—What
Is It Like?" Evenincr sermon I>' -Mist v -n j-lnsie-
steln, a native- of Jerusalem and one of the most
talented aud popular speakers of our time, Pns-
tor's residence. 140 horuest., near the church.
Cuurch telephone b ack 961.
B^S» TRINITY M. E. CHURCH, CORNER
&^3? sixteenth and Market sts—Rev. X P.
Jewell, pastor. Service* at ll a m. and 7:30 p. M
Morning subject "A Child in the -Mids ": evening
sul.iec'.. first of a series to younc p«op:e. "A lland-
*ome Young .Man." Sunday-school at 12:30 P. M.
John Dvar, superintendent Seats free. Pastor's
residence. 3631 sixteentn st.
mE^ HOWARD PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH
tt— ? cor. Oakanaßatersts.— Rev. F, B. Farraua
pastor, services at 1 1 a. m. and 7:45 P.M. Mcm
ing subject. "Infant Baptism." The monthly
praise servii-e in .he evening. AU the music from
Haydn. Saltci quartet choir. The Howard cborua
of thirty voice* will also sing and Miss Susie
Blair will rsnder a violin solo, "on .Mighty Pens."
babbmh-nchool at 9:30 a. m. Y. P. IS. C. E. at
6:45 p. vi. Prayer-meeting Wednesday evening.
All cordially iuvfted.
•J— K=» CENTRAL METHODIST EPISCOPAL
WJ? Church. Mission st, bet S xih and Sev-
enth—The pastor, Rev. E. R. Dill*-, will preach
at 11 a. m. aud 7:45 p. m. Morning subject "The
Immortality of the Affections." Evening subject:
•-The Younc Man Away From Home." Sunday-
school at 1 P. it.: R. V. Watt, superintendent
Young People's meetings at 6:30 P. v.
rp^s= FIRST PRESBYTERIAN CHUKCH.
t£^& cor. Van Nessove. and Sacramento st. — Rev.
P.obert Mackenzie, D.D.. pastor: Rev. Edwin H
Jenks, co-pastor. Dr. Mackenzie will preach at
11 A. M. Mr. Jeaks will preach at 7:45 p. if.
Sunday-school at 12:45 p.m. Y. P. 8. C. E. at
Q:3O p. m. Prayer- m«-et ing Wednesday, at 8
r m. All are come.
(Pf— FIRST UNITED PRESBYTERIAN
Bt^e 7 Church. Golden Gate aye., cor. of Polk st.
Rev. M. M. Gibson, D.D.. pastor. services at 11
a. m. and 7:54 p. m. The Key. Dr. Hubert one
of the bright pulpit orators from the Southland,
will speak in the morning, the pastor in the even-
ing, subject. -Food f<-r India's Perishicg Mll-
HoiH." Cordial Invitallon to all.
NOTICK OF BIEETINGS.
WTZS* EXCELSIOR LODGE NO. 166. F. B
W3Sr and A- M _ speci.il meeting THIS^O^
(SATURDAY) EVKNJNG, May 8, at^JSTTf
7:30 o'clock. Firs: degree. /N» r
THEO. E. SMITH. Sec.
rTp ALL PATRIARCHS ARE IN-ffc M
m^& vited to attend the meeting of 00'.-^\A"
den Gate Kncampmont No. 1. 1. O. O. I., XV
THIS BATURDAY EVENING, rd.l Kel-/ \
lows' building. Work in the Patriarchal decree.
WJ\L E. DUBOIS, Ac:ingC. P.
_CS= THE MEMBERS OF GOLDEN wv j»
\S^ G^te Encampm-nt Na L, I. O. o. F.,"N/^
are notified to a3i>enible In Encampment XV
Hall, odd Fellows' building, Tl.l* tAI'-/ V
URDAY. at 1 o'c oc^ p. m.. to nteud the funeral
01 our late Patr;arcli. W. K. HENJ-*MIN.
WM. K. DUBOI>, Acting C. P.
B--3y> ABOU BEN AnH X M vy-jitf': ~
*+-& Lodge No. 112, I. O. O. F.-^^g^.
Members are notitied to assemble in : 25"!sEE§r
lodgeroom THIS DA V. Ip. M., to at- '^Wtiw-
tend funeral of our late brother, W. K. BENJA-
iiIN, from 2808 Pine
C J BPEAR, Secretary.
FJ^g= EXCELSIOR DEGREE < **mWO ! >
ISZS' Lodge Na 2, 1. O. a F.— Regu- g^Sg^f
lar meeting THIS EVENING. Se ond ■=~^JS*52?
degree will be conferred. y v/iw,x*>
A. K. KINGSFORD, D M. »
»^g» TO THE OFFICERS AND MEM-\»JU£<*
m^Jy bers of Court Aurora No. 2, F. of A. :
You are requested to assemble al For- jB
esters' Hall, 120 O'Farrell s:.. at 12 m. eLJ>
SUNDAY, May 9, to attend the funeral ut our
iate brother, Grand secretary C H KRp.MKR.
C. A. MiTCHELL, C. R.
Attest: J. J. Cobdy, F. s.
tt^S' THE OFFICERS AND MEM->UL_«'
W^& bers of Excelsior Circle No. 2, C. of
F.. please take notice that yo-j will aasem- 2?\
b e in Forrester's Hall, Alcazar building, # - N
S(J.»DA\ at 12 o'clock sharp, to attend the tuue-
ral of our late DepULy Grand Chief Companion. C.
H. BRKMtR. also Pat Graud Supreme Chief
Companion. By order cf
MISsiIAYMcMURRAY, C C.
Johx J. Cobdy, Financial Secretary.
|£^S= THE OFFICERS AND MEM- *K_?*
•65^ bersof Court Jujiice No. 16, For-
esters cf America, are hereby notified to jt\
uttend the luner.il of our late grand s j cre- 4LJ)
tary, C. H. BBEMisH, from K'nai B'rith Hail.
121 Eddy St., on SUNDAY AFTERNOON at 2
o'clock. L. G. M US ANTE, C R.
H. C. Loo Secretary.
IKS" COURT DEFIANCE NO. 23, F. '«&_«?
m^ of A.— officer* and members are CtT
summoned to attend a special meeting on 7i'\
SUNDAY, May 9, 1897. at 12:30 sharp, at <__i
tlieir hall, Aicazir bui Ulns, 12) O'F«fre.l s_ ui-
ject, to attend the funeral of the late grand secre-
lary, C. H UREMER. Members aosent will In-
cur penalties aj per by-laws By order of
WN. O. FOllu. Chief Ranger.
Attest: AaROK Nasch, Secretaiy.
f£^— = TO THE OFFICERS AND MEM- •*£-£•!*
iS-jS' bers of Court Acme No. 51. F. of A.— 7*nt
Brothers, you «re hereuy notitied to as- jß'\
sembie at your hall. Alcazar buil line, 1-0 <T-S
O'l-'arrell stre-t, SI'MiAV. -M 'V 9, at I i\ m.
sharp, to atteml the funeral of cor i »te grani sec-
retary. C. 11. BRKMER. A pun ;u.l atendanc
is ri ies cd. as lincM lor nou-»tlendance will be
strictly euforcej. By order
L. J. MORAN. Chief Ranger.
D. J. Cbonin. Kecordiug Secretary.
It^S" ANNUAL MEETING-THE REGULAR
B^jS^ annual meeting of stockholders of the
Hutchlnson sugar Plantation Company will be
held at the o!h'c«s of the company. 327 Market st.,
t-an 1 rancisco. Califoru a. on TUESDAY, the 11th
day of May, 1b97, at tho hour of 11 o'clock a. m.,
for llie purpose of electing a board of directors to
fceive for the ensuing year aud tne transaction of
such other business as may come before tne meet,
ing. Transfer books will clobe Friday, April 30-
-at 3 o'clock p. m. K. H. SHELDoK; ecretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ftrS" CAL. HYPNOTIC INSTITUTE.
Ir^^ Market: bvpnotism taught; 85; disease*
acd habits cured.
KS> THKV SELL ALL KINDS OF DRY
W^b* goods, hosiery, underwear, bedspreads, tow-
els, table covers, laces, embroidery, ilniugs, trim-
miiißS, veillnps, etc.. very cheap at Iloneer Dry-
goods store, 105 Fi:th st.
gi3¥» TURKISH CABINET BATHS FOR
»— ' gent.emen and ladies. 120Vz Geaiy st,
room.ll.
RZtE' PRIVATE Ki'ME IN LD AGE— FOR
m^JP payment of a cer.ain sum aj;a:r.st security a
few agreeable old gentlemen or married couples
ran stcurj a comfortable home and good rare tor
life in a goo i private family owiiinc a nice
healthy located home near S»n Cruz, well suit-
for an ideal home in o'd age. For personal inter-
view address Aged, box 2 call Offics.
Of^S=" BAY CITY TRANSFER CO., REMOVED
mr**? 244t03i1i/2 Sutter. 1 run^s deiievred, 25c.
9^jg* BAD TENANTS EJKCTKD FOR *4:
m-*? rolle< tions made: city or country. Pacific
Collection Co.. 415 Montey «».. room 6: tel. 6580.
SITUATIONS WAXTKD-FEJIALE.
SITUATION WANTED-FOR A NEAT IRISH
O girl to do general housework in an American
family; has 3 years' references from last place;
here Is one of the b?st servants in Hie city for some
nice family. See J. F. CROSETT <fe CO., 316
Sutter st.
RENCH LADIES' MAID, HAVING THE
best of references as such, des'rp* a situation.
App'y to J. F. CKOSETT &V ' 316 Sutler st. ,
TiIONG YOUNG GKKJIAN GIRL WISHES
0 Blluaiion; housework: wages $15; references.
MRS. HIP.D, 72lEl;isst; telephone Suiter 52.
"VTKAT YOUNG GIKL DEsIRES SITUATION
i-1 at housework; HO to $15; reference. MISS
CULLI.N, 323 Suiter st.|
GKRMAN EMPLOYMENT OFFICE, MRS
_-' LAMBERT, tel. main 5332, removed to 417
Powell st
WANTED— YOUR ORDER FOR HELP OF
'« every description. MRS. DRUHM, 217 Geary
1 .; tel.
MOTHER AND DAUGHTER WISH POSl-
tion in first-class establishment: mo:hercom-
petent house^r—pcr and daughter todo Housework:
experience in first-class houses; higbe.t reference;
gentlt-fue-j's country club preferred. 3025 a Six-
teenth st. J
• "you LADY (PARISIAN) IN REDUCKD
X circumstances would ll:;e paying housekeeper's
place; hotel, bachelor* or wicower's home pre- '
ferred. 1123 Market st., room 31.
MIDDLE-AGKD AVERICAN WIDJW FROM
the 1 us'- wishes position as housekeeper: enp-
ab'eof taking entire charge. MRS. FLUREN-.
b34 Bioadwny, Oakland.
XPERIENCED WOMAN WOI'LD LIKE PO-
aition as waitress in private board ing-hou^e;
first-class references. Appl G. G . box 55. Call.
"IyANTEU-SITHATION, BY GOOD BEAM-
-11 ress. where she can learn finish. on tailor
garments. . AdJress XI. 1023 Lu;un 1 st
"yoUNG WIDOW DESIRKS SITUATION AS
X housekeeper in widower's or bachelor's home.
Call 11 to 6, 234 O'l-arroll st, room 5.
■\roUNG GERMAN GIRL SKEKS SITUATION
X in American family for light housework; wages
*10 to $12. Ap.-Jly 1823 Hyde St.
Position wanted ax neat. hespkct-
X able woman; pood housekeeper; fonc of chil-
dren; <ity or country. 317 Grove, nr. Van Ness.
EAT YOUNG WOMAN WANTS POSITION
X' as < taambermaid: 2 years' reference. 543
Fulton St., near Laguna.
OO1) LAUNDRESS WISHES TO DO WASH-
ing and ironing at nome. G. L., box 108, Call.
«ITCATTOXS WANTF.D-Contlnn»«l.
MPLISHED young lady
A. (strangT) desires a place as typewriter or
cosyist. loom 2. i2Cy 3 Geary. ■ ' ,
"yOUNG KASTERN LADY DESIKES A
X place as housekeeper in bacnelor'sor widower s
home; city or country. 207 Post st, room 1.
■yOUNG GIRL, GOOD COOK. DESIRES POSI-
X tion for light housework ia small family. 317
Grove st .
SITUATION BY YOUNG LADY TO D J
D housework and plain cooking. Call or address
864% Mission st, room 2. —
\V\EDISH GIRL WISHES SITUATION TO
do housework aid plain cooklnc Address
168Va t-ilverst., bet Third aud Fourth.
YOUNG SINGLE WOMAN WANTS WORK
1 by the day. Please call or address 242 Clemen-
tina St.. bet. Tiurd and Fourth.
T>KOPLK'S HOMK SAVINGS BANK BOOKS
•X boujht by Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
HBSSMAKER OF 12 YEARS' EXPKRI.
ence would like position as fon-lady or cutter
and fitter in first-clas* parlors; tailor system used.
L. i., dox 94. Call Office.
<) GIRLS «'ANT WORK: SEAMSTRESS,
Z. housework and washing: $1 a day. Address
167 Nmih .st. 'Jt?i*:~ '•:
pi X LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
010 CALL. Subscriptions aud want ads taken.
PANISH LADY, 28, WILL TAKE CHARGE
0 of lodging-house, or housekeeper's position.
Address s. L , box 77, v all Office.
IDDLE-AGED WOMAN; WILLING TO DO
MIDDLE-AUED WOMAN; WILLING TO DO
any kind of housework or office work; is good
COOk. Aduiess m t st.
Vlil'.NG LADY FROM THE COUNTRY
X would .ike a situation as housekeeper for a gen-
tleman. Call 223 Post st., room 17. third lloor.
f"1 OOD GERMAN COOK J'ESIKES BITOA-
T tion; city or country; willing and obliging.
Call 621 California st
STRONG AUSTRIAN GIRL WISHES A
place for general housework and plain cooking.
163 'IVhama St., upstairs.
/'•\ C LAKKIN-BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
Ul O CALL. Subscriptions and want ads taken.
ANISH GIRL WISHES POSITION FOR
general housework; wages $20. 102 Mission.
yoU.Nfi LADY (STRANGER) DESIRES
X housekeeper's place in gentleman's home.
Room 1, 2U7 Post st.
1 l"7 NIiST-U I.—BRANCH1 .— BRANCH OJ> r iCE OF
IUI lUJii call; tubacripuoa and waul aus
taken.
EASTERN WIDOW, i.ATK OF FIFTH ST.,
would like position as housekeeper. 209 Eddy
st., room 12.
EXPERIENCED GERMAN GIRL WOULD
Xli like to go 1- a-a or to Eu ope taking care of in-
valid lady or children if full or half fare is paid.
Address German Girl, t}2l Geary st.
yOUNG GERMAN WOMAN OF V 3, WITH
X 1-year-old child, would like a p< sition: is a gooJ
cook and worker. 670 Walnut aye., bet. Post and
tutter, near L ipuna.
r\ ERMAN WOMAN WISHES SITUATION TO
GERMAN WOMAN WISHES Sll U ATION TO
VJT do general housework and ke»p house; from
$10 to $12 per month; no objection to country.
bi)i Howard st.
WIDOW (STRANGER IN CITY) WANTS A
» » posit on as housekeeper for hote , widower or
aged ccuple: widower preferred. Address W. W..
box 63, Cull.
yoUNG GERMAN WOMAN WOULD LIKE
X work by the day good washer; wag<M $1 a day.
670 Walnut nve., bet Post and Suiter, nr. Laguna
V JiLDERLY LADY AS HOUSEKEEPER
BY J-.LDERLY LADY AS HOUSEKEEPER
in widower's family or for bachelor: iwst refer-
ences: <ity or Lountry. M. A., 1553 Fifth St.,
Oakland.
('I ~ LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF TIL".
Uli) CALL. Subscriptions aud want ads taken. j
yOUNG FRENCH WIDOW GOOD DISPOSI-
X tion aud of experience, desites a housekeeper's
piac^ in widower's or bachelor's home. 122 Poat
st, rcom 2.
yOUNG WIDOW (STKaNGKR) WISHES A
X position in g;ntleojan's home a, housekeeper;
city or country. Call after 12, 120 1. lis st, room
17, second floor.
yOUNG WIDOW WOILD LIKE POSITION
X a « housekeej.er; city or country. Call 12 Eddy,
room 15.
yOUNG WIDOW - WI-HES POSITION AS
X housekeeper in bachelor's or wi-Jower'a home.
Koom 1, IU6 Fourth et.
yOUNG GERMAN WIDOW DESIRES PO-
X siilon as housekeeper. Call 120 a 1-ddy s;.,
room 7.
"\\rAN IED — POSITION AS GOVEKNEHS
I 'i (lurine the summer months by a Stanford stu-
dent. Addr.-ss il. H., stanfort University.
Q\V COR. SIXTEENTH t>T.. MSA« MIS
Osion; braaca office of TH« Cai_, fcu>
scriptlons and want ads taken.
POSITION BY YOUNG LADY aM CASHIER
X or a-uistaot in doctor's or dentist's office, or pbo-
togranh gallery: best of references. AdJres* S. F.,
box 131. Cal Office-
SITUATIONS WANTED Al F.
r^UINESB & JAPANKSE; KST'D 20 YEARS;
\Jhelp:tel.m«in 1897. ERADLE V it Co. .640 Clay
AM KUE— CHINESE AND JAPANESE EM-
SAM KEK— CHINESE AND JAPANESE EM-
ployruent oSice 511 Bush st , nr. Grant aye.
HUNTER & Ca. CHINESE AND JAPANESE
employment office, removed to 614Va Califor-
nia st.. near Kearny. 'i*-l. main 23L
CHINF.SK AND JAPANE>E EMPLOYMENT
office: best help. 414Vs O'Farrell. Tel. E. 426.
TAPANI.SE. CHINESE PLOVMT OFFICK:
, v waiters, housecleaners. 30 Geary: tel. Grant 55
yOUNGMAN, AMERICAN, 30 YEARS, GEN-
X eral utility man, dishwasher, porter, etc., good
appearance and references. Ion; time in city,
wishes work with good people at $15. Address
O. X., box 55, Cal. Office.
\\r ANTED — POSITION BY ALL-KOUND
'» laundryman; can take care of any or a.l
branches arid turn out good work; 12 years' expe-
rience; can furnish good references. C. T., box
19 Call Office.
MIDDLE-AGKD MAN WISHES A 5ITUA-
tion in private familr to ta<« cure of horses
and to do general work about the house. Addrets
ALECK HANSEN, Yoiemlte House, 1043 and
1045 Market st.
BLACKSMITH HELPER. A MAN THAI IS
handy with too s in wood or Iron, can drive
tioea, deslroa situation; city or couatrv. Address
J. A. G., Jffferson Hotel, iiarbor View, B> F.
AN OF MANY YEARS' EXPKKIENCK IN
MAN OF MANY YE ARn' EXPE KIENCK IN
building desires a position as foreman or su-
pc-rit.tendent: city or country. Address A. 8.,
box 92, Ca 1 < flice.
BY RELIABLE EXPERIENCED MAN, MlD-
die ace. best references, as s-oretary or other
responsible position. B. 8., box 55, Call Office.
O BARBERS WANT SIiUATIONS: ARE
— iir»t-. la's men; both sober and steady. Box
2 b. 89, < all Office.
I)vINTER AND CALCIJIINEK. WILLING
X to work lor 45 p*r week niidfuunrt; city or
country. Address 0. H., box 47, Call Office.
YOUNfJ GERMAN, RELIABLE, SOBER,
X wish- s situation; willing to do auythlng. G.
V., box 91, Call Office.
ERY FINE PIANIST, EXPERIENCED
V le-.der, desires engagement for solo or orches-
tra playinj in or out 01 city. M. N., box 97, Call.
ill NAM AN W.\NTS SITUATION AS > IRST-
J rlass cook in saloon or hotei. J. A. 8., box
■ ■■:■. Call Office.
PEOPLE'S HOME SAVING-.. HANK BOOKS
X bought by Uncle Harris, 15 Grant hvi*.
/'IC LAKKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THK
UIU CALL. Subscriptions and want ads taken.
mitUSTWoRTHY YOUNG COUPLE WANT
X sluia.ions; man good gardener, hostler, all-
routifl handy about place; wlf* firu-tja^-i cook
and housekeeper; are capable of ta Ing charge of
place during owner's absence: have best of refer-
ence. p:eaae call be ore 12 a v. 513 McAllister.
"nEKINED AND PLEASANT GENTLKMAN
XV (35 years) speaking Kngllsb. French, Spanish,
italan and a little German, desires position as
companion, teacher or manager in piirate family;
highest references; salary $30. Address care of
DR. GRAMMONT, 1106 Vtn New avo.
VI AN AND WIFE. EASTKRN PEOPLK, PRI-
iM vatep'.ace; man understands general work in
private place, good driver; wife competent hoase-
Keeper. cook or second work; both competent
house servants. Address B. 8., box 123, Cull.
MAN WISHES POSITION AS HANDYMAN
around boiiS3; can handle horses ana cattle:
is eood cardener and carpenter and driver; city or
countr/. H. X., box 76, C»il Office
I' >\ C LARKIN -BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
\) I*J CALL: rDb&crlmlon.i an want ad takeu.
TNTELLIGENT, SOBER YOUNG MAN
X wishrs wtrk in wholesale house or like; will
putupsasal- capital for security; best references
Address L. 0., tox 99, Call Office. ■ .■
mHOKOUGH ACCOUNTANT OF WIDE EX-
lpr-rk-nce: temporary or p.rmauent. - Audress
C. A., box 18, Call Office.
POSITION AS JANI OR HOTEL WORK:
X 5 yt-ara' exi/eiienre in plumbing. J. H., box
103, Call Office, Oakland.
pOACHMAN AND GARDENER WISHES
\J position: Oakland and San Rafael references.
Address C. 0., box SO. Call Office.
ADVERTISING MAN ~~
xL of long experience on leading dally of New
York City seeks position In newspaper or comruer-
clnl home: highest references.. Address MoN ,
1 box 84, C_l OUlce. . ... ..
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 8, 1897.
FTTTTATIONS "ANTED-ContlimM. j
HANDSOME BOY WANTS JOB AT WORK
around hr.use; inside or out; lias reference.
15V& snmnerst ~'g^'- 7 '> ; ',-'.
QUBSCRIPTIONSAND ANT ADS FOR THB
O Call taken at branca onlce, 33a liayt» »-;
open uutu S»:3j o'clock, f -; c %*?;.':'''• \ ffiZ '
pOMPETEN T CUSTOM CLOTHING CUTTER
\J wl3hts position with sf'rae local merchant
uilor; highest reference; wages no object. M. T.,
box 139, Call. -\-" .'- .
4 LL-AKOt7ND BLACKSMITH, .WITH FAM-
xi. ily, desires place in city; understands wooden
work. Call or u.ldu-ss 10ft Caroline st, bet. Ninth
and lenth, off i-olsom.
FIRST-CLASS BELL-HANGING AND KLEC-
-1 trie gas-lighting at low rates; work guaranteed.
Address B. 11., box 32, Call.
ri)C MONTGOMERY COKNER OF CLAY—
•'— i open until 9:3(J o'clock; branch office of
Ibe Call; subscriptions and want ads. taken.
COD GARDENER, UNDERSTANDS HAND-
II ling horses, good driver, good milker, desires
situation private residence; 7 years' references.
G., box 19, call. .-;■'-
COACHMAN, 10 YEARS EXPERIENCE:
\J thoroughly competent; Al horseman; good
gardener; strictly sober; cl y and Eastern refer-
ences: single. Address N. P. NELSON, care of F.
M. WJLSON, Berkeley.
U'ANTuD— BY FIRSI-CLASS PHOTOO-
II rapher of IODg experience, position as opera-
tor or printer, or .will take entire oliarse gallery.
Address Photographer, box 105, Call Office.
TANITOR WITH EXPERIENCE WANTS A
tl position: can give good city references. Ad-
dress J. G. L. 3t>4 Kast Twelfth St., Oakland.
PRANCH OFFICE OFTHKCALL. 187 NLNTM
1) st — Want ads and subscriptions taken.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRO ST.. NR.
Market; 200 rooms ' "-5c 10 $1 50 per nl«ht:
41 60 to $tS p»>r week; convenient and respectable;
tree bus and ba>caen to «ntl from the terry.
FKMALB HELP WANTED.
HOUSEWOKK GIRL. ALAMEDA, $25: VA-
llfjo. $20; Hollister, *20; 2 girls, housework,
Sausalito, $25 and $20: 12 bcusework girls, city
and country, $i 0 and $25. MIWS CULLEN, 323
tuiterst.
r\ ERMAN HOUSKWORK GIRL, 25. MISS
VJT CL'LLEN. 323 Sut. erst.
Ci FANCY IROVERS, $50 per month each,
— country. MISS CULLr.N, 323 sutler st
AITHK.-S, COUNTRY, $20: 'WAITRESS,
VT city, $15. MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutler st.
Ri'-FINED GERMAN Sh-COND GIRL, $20.
JUSS CULLKN, 323 Sut St.
"yoUNGGIRLAS COMPANION TO INVALID,
1 ?15. iIISS CULLEN, 323 Sutlers .
ERMAN uR SWEDISH COOK; $30. JiulSS
VJT CULLKN, 323 MKters 1
D WAITRESSES; $15 PER WEEK. MISS
0 CULLKN, 323 MHter st.
TV EAT YOUNG NURSE; $10. MISS CUL-
1N LEN, 323 Suiter St.
CUOK FOR SMALL BOARDING-HOUSE; $i:6.
V^ Ml^S CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
pOLORELt GIRL, HOUSEWORK; 2 IN" FAM-
\J lly; $15. MISS CULLEN, S^3 Butter St.
ENGLISH OR SCOTCH COOK; $25: GOOD
place. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
O WAITRESSES. SAME HOT4.U CITY, $'J0:
— waitress, resiaurant, $16 ami room: 2 wait-
resses, armwork. $15 ana room, waitress,
country hotel, $25; French second girl, Oak-
land, $20: girl to assist in waitinz, $10 and
room: chambermaid and wait one meal, see par.y
here li a. Ji, couutrv $20. 2 cooks, private fam-
ily, Sf23; 4 girls, hous.-work, city. $20; JO girls,
housework, *i 5; 4 young girls to ass-st In licht
work, $10: 2 gir.s forOawland, see party heie, $15;
woman to wash and Htarch in laundry, S3O and
found: cook aud second girl, same family, $-0 and
?15: 6 German gt.ln. housewor-:. *23 and $2J;
girls tor country work, (15 and $'20. C. R. HAN-
SKN <fe ca, J lO Geary st.
MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN WHO HAD EX-
perience 10 take care of baby raised ou bottle;
$10 an 1 a good heme. C. it. iiANSEN & CO.,
110 Geary st.
AUNDRKSS. CITY, $30 AND FOUND. C.
JU B. HANSEN & CO.. 110 Geary ut.;
AN KD— FRENCH G RL FOR GENERAL
" housewonc in family of 8, very nlci* place,
$25: German cook for lamil v of i, American fam-
ily, $3J; 4 ue.\t waitiessos, $d a week; waitreis for
restaurant. $20; tlrst-clasi second cook, $30; nirl
lor huuseworlc for Suisun, $20; i-ausvito, $20:
ironer fir laundry, $25; a numbi-r of German,
• i-iin-iiiiM . j.i \ and n -at Irish gins for housewor*
in city. $15, $-0 and $25; l'r»nch R.-cond girls,
$2i). J. F. CROSKiT & Co., 316 sutter st
7 WAITRESSES, $15 AND ROOM. CI'Y: 4
1 wuiiKMsrs, 4 a week; 3 girls a< waitressos. $12
and room: 9 waitresses, cny. $20 an i ro>m. 4
waitresses, *15: H waitresses, $5 a week: 3 girls,
chambermaid* and wait, $15 *-n 1 room: cbamber-
maid, $15 and room; cook, Glenn County, 520
a 1! room; conic, $33 and rcom; ccok, $25. MAR-
TIN & CO., 7-.9 .Market St.
p IRL, CALIFORNIA ST., $20; GIRL. SUT-
VT ter It.. $15; Birl, Wa'hlngton St.. $15: girl,
Gol <m <-ate »v?., $15; pin, Post st.. $12; girl,
Vallo.ii), $.0: cirl, Washington st, }20: German
girl, Twenty-fourlli st., $15. giil, lot-ero, $15;
trlrl, Eddy st , »2O; girl. Sacramento, $15, fami J
of 2: girl" for Nap*. $15: i-irl, f-utter, »15: cirl,
Merced, C»L; tO young girls, fB, $10 and $12
per month, assist, etc., nice families. MARTIN
& CO., 749 Market st ■..•'-:
4 LADY IRONKFiKSI 60 PER DAY. . MAK-
•i TIN A CO., 749 Market su
C L\DY IRONEUS, $25, ROOM. HOARD, ETC.
O MARTiN & CO., 749 Market st.
COOK. $30 TO $35 AND ROOM: SEE PARTY
10 A. M. MARTIN <fc CO., 749 Market st.
GFKMAN WOMAN AS HOUSEKEEPER,
VJT $25: call early. MARTIN * CO., 749 Market.
TITAITRESSES, CHAMBERMAIDS, COOKS.
11 housework cirls. etc.. c»ti find good places In
the coomr.- at MURRAY <t READY'S, Leading
Employment Agents, 634 and 639 Clay s . J
pHAMBERMAID, $20; WAITRESS, $20. FOR
\J same house In country, must be German; and
a number of houieglr.s. MRS. NORTON,'. 315
Suiter st
IRL FOIt VACAVILLE, $18: GIRL. SAUSA-
VJ llto, 3 in ff-mlly. $20; girl. dero. $20: Ger-
man girl, city. $2U: German or Mvede, housewom,
$25; young jii'l, housework, $15; girl to assist
$15. iLmployment office, 417 Powell st.
■ ERMAN CATHOLIC HOUSEKEKPER,
IT without incumbrance; $30. MX;. LAMBERT,
417 Powell st
GIRLS OF ALL NATIONALITIES TO FILL
various poiltions from $15 to $30. MRS.
La.MBHKT, moved to 417 Powell St., near f-uiter.
Q GIRLS FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK
O todny: wage* $'^0, $.5. flO. MRS. SPEN-
CER. 1321 Park st.Alameua.
A MARKET ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF i i±K
I Call: want k-Ir and subscriptions taken.
T ADIES, ARE YOU L<>< KING fOll SOME-
XJ thinTtodo? we will help you. Take elevator,
room 38. 14 McAllister st; a few more earnest
worKers wanted. :,/■!•:,.",
IItLS LOOKING VOR POSITIONS WILL DO
GIHLs LOOKING JOB POSITIONS WILL DO
well if the^cail on MRS. DRUHM, 217 Geary.
Vir ANTED— MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN. f.X-
-11 perience J ccok; must be goud-natured and
kind to children: 10 chamberwork nor window-
clrauing, and very small wash: ev>ry Sunday
afternoon and evening out: iion<» but cheerful and
ouligiue persons need auswer; references required:
wages $16. Adaress M«S. L. U. , box 118. Call.
}ri C. V. (i-WANTRD A GOOD RKLIAHLE
T . housekeeper. $W. Apply at 1520 Clay st
ihh morning from i) to 11.'
or4)/< MISSION 6.T.-BRANCH OFFICK OP
_.)_!/ jiiit calx; kutiacriptioiu tua wauc ads
takrri. •
WANTED— FIKBT-CLA!?S CORSET SALKS-
larly ; one who can also do remodeling. Ap-
ply to-day, b.-t. 4 and 6 p. x., f>23 Market, room 7.
ANTKD— EXPERIENCED NURXRGIBIi.
WANTED— EXPERIENCED NUR*RGIRL.
iKt-ii to car* of Infant Apply bet 10 and 11
a. m. at 1434 lo.i st.
\\t ANTED — STRONG GIRL, GENERAL
11 housework; end 1 Uin ccoxing; $16. 1906 l.a-
gnna st.
TiESPKCTARLE YOUNG GIRL TO ASSIST IN
Xl care 2 children, call af.er 12, 2216 Devlsa-
dero st.
ANTKD— WAIST-FINISHERS AND HELP-
ers in dressmaking. Call b.-lweea 7:30 and
8:30 p. m., 918 Market st, room 59. i
QUICK MACHINE-HAND AND APPREN-
tice that can sew. 1825 ureenwich st. 
\\r AIST FINISHER AND APPRENTICE. AP-
-11 ply 1411 Lyon st ■ ■./ -
yOUNG GERMAN LAKY FOR GENERAL
X housework and cooking 120HB Howard st. :
IRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK: NOWASH-
ing. 4i/. On k nt. _ . ■
FFICK LADY Oi?" GOOD APPEaRA>CE.
California l.ypnotio Ids ltute, 1316 Martet st
VKAT GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSKWORK,
i-1 $12; alter 9 o'clock. 411 Leavenworth at.;
1 PEOPLE'S HOME SAVING! BANK BOOKS
X bought b/ UNCLE HAlU'.ls, 15 Grant aye. ,
ANTED— LADY HOLICITORH TO INTRO-
•» (luce a new line of f»male remedies; must b«
experienced: nuo.ix-rs need appiy; good Induce-
m^nts to right paries. Apply »inrday eve. bet.
7 and 9, r. H23 Spreckels bu.lding, 927 Market st.
WAN TKD- WITH NO INCUM-
'" brances to act us •■ companion I and ' house-
keeper to a wlilow living at tier home; must be
American and ab e 10 play piano. Apply W. L.,
box 35, call. * * ,
HELP WANTED-Continned.
T7XPERT LADY PARTNER • IN GROWING
X-i typewriting agency; well-equipped office; no
cash outlay. 43 hurlow block. !
GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK: GOOD PLACE
to right girl. Apply 1616 Va Fulton st.
OOK. GERMAN PREFERRED. SHORT DIH-
J tauce in country;. small famiiy. J514 Post.:
4 MARKET HT. — BRANCH OFFICE OF THK
"x Call: want ads and gnbscrlptlons taken.
BEST AND QUICKEST PLACF. ON EARTH
to learn dressmaking and millinery; patterns
25c: call and see our mammoth institution. ' Mo
DOWUL's, U»3 Pout st •;
VI OBT CONVENIENT AND BESPECTABLK:
I>X Winchester Hous>, 44 Third fit. near Market:
203 rooms: 25c to 91 6J per night: 91 60io.fi
per week: free 'bos aud bacgag* to and irom ferry.
ii\r\ LABKIN-BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
1)1 O CALL. Krl>siTinti"]m and want sd* tMken.
BIAX.E HELP WANTED.
T\r ANTED— 2 MEN TO PUSH CARS: NO
TT experience required. »30 and found: 2 milk-
ers for "regon, $26 and found: 6 vlneyardlsts,
$20 and found; 2 larmers for Sacramento Count -.
i $20 and found; farmers for sono.ua. $15 and $-0;
young German for country saloon, $20 and found;
kitchen helper for first-class lunchhouse In city,
930; wa ter, In city, 920 and room; ranch black-
smith, $3lk and found, also teamsters, coots, wait-
ers, dishwashers, etc. W. D. EWER <fc Co., 626
Clay st
WANTED- WAITER FOR NICE RESORT
TT n»arcity: $20 to $25, board and room. W.
D. EWER & Cj., 626 Ciay st -
ANTED-2 FRENCH YOUNG MEN TO
work in laundries, $15 an 1 920; French
boy to assist at pastry, $15; Japanese boy, $15:
waiter, hotel, $25, and others. ANDRE'S, 308
Stockton st ,:,.:.
pATHOI.IC LAUNDP.YMAN FOR INSTIIU-
\J tion; vineyard-hand, $15: cultivator for vine-
yard, *20; farmhand, Monterry, $15; milker,
Jl5: choreman, $15. R. T. WARD & CO., 608
and 610 C lay si.
ECOND ENGINEER AND MACHINIST,
0 who understands electric-light and ite plant
for a summer resort; 96> and f..nnd. Apply to c.
H. HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary st
Orv FARMERS FOB DIFFERENT RANCH
—vf $20 and $15: ranch blacksmith, $40 nnd
found: cooper, near city, $2 50 a day; creamery
man. good butter and cheese maker. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 110 Geary st.
AKER. COUNTRY SHOP, $50 AND FOUND:
German, second cook for a resort near cltv,
930: nent young porter for country hotel, $v! 0.
C. R. HANSEN <fe 0., 110 Geary St.
ANTED TO-DAY— S JirRE TEAMST: FiS,
TT $30 ai.d board; 5 more laborers, $1 75 a dny,
for a new rai road: reduced fare; wethlp to-mor-
row. C. R. HANSEN dfc CO., 110 Geary st
r{\ FARMERS, ORCHARD ANI) VI EVA
O\l hands, 925 and $20 per month and found,
different places; i 5 choremen for ranches, $15;
choreman, rity, $10 and foniNt; mnti to take a
contract to cultivate 180 acre* of vineyard. MUR-
RAY <fc BKADY, 6d4 and 638 Clay st
BEX FARE— I6O MEN FOR AN EXCEP-
ional good locality for railroad two-horse teams,
$1 bOday; four-hor<f> teams, $1 75 day; call at
on«-e and procure a job for the rallrond: free fare.
MURRAY <fc RKADY, «34 and 636 Ciay st.
1 f\ MORE DRII LERS FOX QOAKKY, $1 75
1U day; 3 curbsetters; cooper, lime barrels;
blacksmith on shares, country shop. MURRAY
& READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
n WAITERS. $25 AND $30; COOK AND
0 wife: 6 ccoks; 3 dishwashers butcher, city
shop. MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay.
r f\ MEN TO BUILD A LARGK CANAL. KTC .
*)\J $20 and found: psinier's helper. MURKAY
<& READY. 634 and 636 Clay st
■I C MILKERS, DIt'KEKKNT PLACES:
J«J cheesemakers: butter-makers. MURRAY'
& RKADY. 63* a id 636 Clay Ht
MAN TO RUN COMBINED HARVKSTKR,
990 per monih and found. MLRBAY <fe
READY, 634 and 636 C ay st
A(\ WOODCHUPPERS, $110 PKR COKD.
"±U MUBRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
ICA RAILROAD MEN: FREE AR F,
XO\) MURRAY «fc READY, 634 and 6:-6 Clay.
\\T ANTED— BLACKSMITH, (50; ULACK-
TT smith's helper, 940 to $45: farmers, 9 0;
milkers, $20; choreme i for ranches and hotels:
tunnel man, 92 di-y. laborer*, fl 76 day: wood-
choppers; machine man and wo dturner, 30 to S6
cents an boar; n>-at younc outter- makt-r, $..0 and
iouud, and others. Apply 10 J. t. CROoEiT <S
CO., 628 s.icramento st.
TITANTItD-HOTaii COOK, COUNTRY, »60;
TT seond cook. 930: dlsh«ash-r, same liOdWi
French cook, private family, $30 to $35; lunch
and dinner WHiter* and others Apply lo J. F.
CR jSKTT A CO., 6-8 raruento s .
DWHWASHKR, COUNTRY, 9^o AND ROOM,
call early: waiter. $tSu week; dishwaiher. $25;
coo* and helper, $35, etc.; restaurant porter, $15,
room, c c ; man and wife, cook and belter, $45.
room, etc., see party 10 a- m. : waiter, railroad ent-
in; house. »2t> a. id room; waiter, $9 a week; pan-
tryman, $30, etc.: waiter, $25 and room; cook,
$50 and room: second <ouk, $35 nnd room; dish-
washer, $20 and room; couk, 93i and room: ul»h-
washer, $12 and room. MARTIN & CO., 749 Mar-
ket st. ' '* ;■;%;■ v ' '-.
BOY. 96 A MONTH. BOARD. ROOM. ETC.:
man for poddline: milker, small dairy; man
for |riv te place, $10, room, c.c.; man for a
broom factorr: leather-b-.t worker; harness-
maker. MARTIN £ CO., 7<9 Matkntst.
AN AND WIFE AS COOK AND HELPER,
94.\ room, etc.: see party 10 A. M. MARTIN
«fc CO., 749 Market st.
fiOLORKI) COOK, $35 AND BOOM; COLORKD
\J waiter, $6 a week. MARTIN & CO., 749 Mar-
ket st. i.'- ,"V
COOK, 935 AND ROOM, SEE PARIY 10
A. M. in oilice. MARTIN <fe CO., 749 Market
■\IAN AND WIFE: FANCY IRONING; $60
IVJ each; country. Miss CULLKN, 323 sutter.
BOY TO WAIT A'l TABLE; $20. MISS CUL-
LEN, 823 Sutter s..
JAPANESK LALNDRYMAN, 9^6. HOTKL
J OAZKTTE, 420 Kearny st.
UTTER WANTKD. Al PLY BEt. 9 AND 11
\J A m. to CHARLES LYONS, London Tailor,
74 Market st.
T7IIBST-CLAHS PLUMBER TO BUY LOT OP.
cottatre on rental terms and par part LOT OP.
' cottace on rental terms and pay part In work.
THE MCCARTHY CO, 646 Market ht
TYLTSH AND DURABLE CALF SHOES
STYLISH AND DURABLE CALF SHOES
madn to order, $2 50: cheapest place in city
for r*pi lrmg nnd second-hand shoes. 959 Howard.
\\T ANTKD— STKADY MAN TOATTKNDCI-
TT gar-stor>>: mu-it b» »atinrl>>d with 91 per
wee* and have $160. 777 Market st., room 7.
USINESS MAN (GEf.MAN PKEFKRRRD)
as partner In estab.isbed manufac.uring busi-
ness; full investigation: $150. R. U., box 92, Call.
1) .tIVIKRS WANTKD — .-.TEAMS HIP
Qiit-en, nlon Iron WorKS, 7A. M. JOHN J.
EDMUNDSO.N.
BARBER FOR SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
2140 Mission st.
AKBKR FOR SATURDAY. 1063% FOLSOM
XJ street,
ARBKR FOR SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
mornin.s. 609 Broadway.
ARBEB FOR SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Apply 5.-I2 Third st
akkr, country shop, «S1). APPLY 509
Kearny St., room 8. -'.":,•
ARBER \VANTED FOX SATURDAY, 9 TO
7; $2. 527 Sacramento st --
A NTF.D-FI LASS 'BARBEKS. 207
TT Fourth st. ' ""• ■ - '
B ARBKR WANTED FUR SATURDAY AND
feunday. 606 Mission, near Second.
BARBER WANTKD FOR SATURDAY AND
Sunday. 225 Montgomery aye. ;
WANTED— GOOD BRUSH-HAND. A PPL V
carriage-shop, 329 Golden Gate aye. j
ARBKR FOR SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
105 Fourth st. V
SW. COB. KIXTKENTH BT., NEAR MISSION:
branch office of Thk Calx, tubacriptions and
want ads taken.
MAN TO' MlL'v AND BE GENERALLY USE-
ful. 1024 Francisco st
Cn WELL-DRESSED MEN. PLEA CALL
O\J at the Benefit 10-day, 539 California st : •
nPUMBKR FOR NEW WORK M. LEN, 1716
X Harrison st ", • ; ;
ANTED-COATMAKER: GOOD WAGES
TT for good man; steady work. 109 Fourth st
ANTMD-MIl-DLE-AGhIDMANFORVirJE-
'» yard; low wages.: 646 Natoma st -V.
KOTF.STA.NT BOY TO WORK IS STORE.
X 12. -3 Market st \ . ; : , / , '. .' ,
9?i*?K MISSION - BUBSCKIPTIONS ANIJ
iw«U want ads taken for THK CALL, '
T^XPERT CHOCOLATE CBEA M DIPPER
XJ wanted. Apply at La Gradt. 638 Washington.
W ANTED— PEDDLER WITH GOOD TEAM.
TT C»U 143Nluth st ■'■ : .''-■'■:
yOUNOMAN ABOUT 18 YKARS OJaD WHO
X lives with parents. 419 California st
TKADY MAN FOR COUNTRY POSITION;
must have f5, expense money. Room 'I, 9
Geary 5t.,.,- ...-,.,.-,,..,,„:.■■,...'■-. ..•• . .•■■ ,
WANTKD-STEADY MAN TO ABBIBT IN
taking-orders in store and make himself gen-
erally userul; mum have $160 <ash and be sntis-
fled wiiu 910 a wee* to start. 777 Market, rm. 7. ,
' . : fTFT,T» f TfAKTED-CnntfiinM, | ' .
CANVASSER: GOOD COM.; STEADY. STAR
J Oil Co., 11l Van Ness aye., before 9 a. ic
"PEOPLE'S HOME SAVINGS BNK BOOKS
X bought br Uncie Harris,' 15 Grant aye. -. '. r
I>ARBERS— FOB EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
X> P. C. Barbers' Assn."S. FUCHS, 325 Grant aye.
TOURNEYMEN BARKERS' ii.2ll'LOYMiiAf
0 M^returv .H. BK UN A lll>. ; 102 M>venth (it.
ABBEES— GOOD-PA YIN G SHOP FOR SALE;
X> rent cheap; living-rooms. 1743 Market st.
■DARBKHS; 4-CHAIR SHOP MUST BK- SOLD;
XJ present owner goln; Khs 1 ; party with cash can
buy cheap. Address B. ft, bot 2. t all OfHce.
Seamen wanted immediately for
Europe and otherwise. 122 Washington si.,
upstairs.
WANTKD — 3 EXPERIENCED BUSHEL-
men at RAPH AiiL'S. :
GOOD STKONG BOY WANTED TO WASH
dishes and be generally useful; one who lives
at home preferred; wages $3 a week. 303 o'Farrell.
TIT ANTED-NICB, CL.AY STEADY BOY
TT to make himself gen rally useful at the New
Vienna Cafe, 107 Larklnat . :
1 (-7 M.MII BX —BRANCH OFFICE OF
XVJ I 'line CAU^ aubscriptlou - ana waul ad*.
taken.
■\TEAT EKBaND-BOY FOB JKWELRY-
XI store; reference. Address N. E.. box 10, Call.
\Y ANTED— PHOTI-KNGRAVER; ONE WHO I
TT is elthe a good line etcher or line photog-
rapher. Apply McCABE A SONS, 611 Merchant
OOQ HAYES— BIiANcIi OFFICE OF THK
www Calx; subscriptions and want ads taken.
SEAMKN IMMEDIATELY FOR ENGLISH
aud American vesse.s. 37 Pacific st, nr. Davis.
3 -CHAIR BARBER-SHOP; CHEAP, ON AC-
count of departure for Europe. 114 V 2 Fourth.
"I7IOR GOOD REPAIRING CALL AT CENTBAL
X 7 Bepaiilng Shoeahop, 1534 Market si., bet Lar-
kln and City Hall aye.. or 749 Mission St.; large
stock of new and second-hand shoes on salts ; shoes
made to order, any style, $3 uo.
IplUsT-CLASS BARBERS FURNISHED BY
International Union Free Employment Bureau,
34 Fourth st, the Modern. I. LESS, Secretary.
QQQ HAVES &T.— BRANCH. OFFICK OF
000 'i'bJt Call; kUMcrlpiloiu aua want ads
taken.
LADIIS' SOLING, 35c: MEN'S SOUNO, 60c;
fine shoes made $2 up. 662 Mission st.
9f!ofl I'AIR. another LOT mk.n'hshdks,
**\)\}\" been damaced by wa'.er, vi less than one-
fourth their value, from - 75c up to $2 50. sti2
Mission st, bet. First and i-eiond.
ANTEI>— MEN TO LKaRN BARBER
»T trade; shops, tools, positions furnished: 8
weeks required. S. F. Barber College, ISBV 2 Eighth,
T7U3HOHOUSK, bli3J/i MAKKKI'»T.-HvUiLl
JL-J 20c, 2&C to 50« mem. If 1 to $2 wpbk.
p. S)rj jiuK'HiuMEBV ST., BRANCH OKFICK
< '— i \.\'itLJt uu; waul iuU via ouoscripuooi
taken.
THE BOSEDALE. 821 CHEAPEST
and best lodging-house north of Market st
INGi.K BOOMS 10c AND 16c NIGHT, 600
and 75c week. Lindell House. Sixth andHowad.
"POOMS. 16a TO 75c PKR NIGHT; 60o '1O $1 50
JX per weeK. Oriental. 226 Drumm st ; ._■'--.
WANTKD— LABORER* AMD MKCHANIOJ
TT 10 know that Ed Rolktn, Reno House proprie- |
tor. etlll raas Denver House, 217 Third bt; 15 J
largs rooms; Me per night; $L to 91 (>er week.
EfelMON WANTS 10U Mr.N TO oET BOT-
. lie beer or wins 6c : 6<»iit tree lencrj. 643Clajr
BEST IN CITY— SINGLE ROOMS, 15. 20 ANO
2'> rents per night: 91. $1 25, 91 60 per wee*.
Pacific House, Commercial and l.eide»rtorir sis.
lljjl iiEN TO IAKh. L«JDOINU AT 10c, ISO
1 \J\J and 20c a ulgDi, inclndtng culle« uiia ruu.
t24 Washington St., near Kearny.
VV-ANT AD3 AND bUBSCRIPTIOA'S FOR
TT Thk Calt- are taken at Branch ollivw, soutlf
west corner Sixteenth and Mission sta,
WANTED— ROOMS, 160 A DAY; $1
TT week: rooms for i. 25c a day. $1 6U* wm<;
reading-room: dally raprn. K6 Clay st
"IV ANTED. TOCOLLECT WA'.iEsDUE LABOR-
»T ers<tclerks K.N OX Collection Arcv, 110 sutter.
rpKY ACMii HuUsK. Vjl iIARKhT aT.. Xi«-
X low f-lxtn. lor a room: Vs< night: $L tweoic
\l, r INCH IioUSK, 44 TIIIKD 6T., NX.
TT MarKet: 200 rooms. 250 a night: reading-
room: tre» h>n atrl i.a-»nr<> n> and lrom tne lerrr.
AGENTS WANTED.
lADIEB AND GENTLEMEN TO SO^CIT
-J for dairy; bij pronts. 421 Eighth aye., imar
I'oint Lobos. . -
AGKNT.-— A BOOK WRITTEN BY GEN-
eral Miles, commanCer-ln-chlef of the United
Males army; full of interesting Indian experi-
ences by the great Indian fighter: one agent's
commissions over 940 the first 2 days. F. PEH-
bOK, Mgr. Suoscrlptlon Ditpaitmont, The Whlta-
ker & Ray Company, 723 Market st
AUKNTS— A CALIFORNIA AND NEVADA
A map: best; latest: you can coin in ney. F
PERSON, M?r. Subscription Dept, The Whi;aker
<t Kay Co., 723 Market st
: TVANTED-BIISCKLI. AXEOUS.
\\r ANTKD— SECOND-HAND '96 BICYCLE IN
TT fxchance fir gold watch: cash diSerence.
Address S. R., box 114, Call Ollice.
WANTED-A '96 MAN'S BICYCLE; ALSO 1
TT lady's. Address B. M.. box 9, C'aU office.
OLD GOLD BOLOUTi HIGHEST PRICES,
a NOLTE, Jeweler. 222 O'Farrell st
WANTED— GOOD BUGGY HOBSE; CHEAP.
TT Apply G. H., box 165, Call.
SELL YOUR BOOKS. NOVELS CLOril-
ing to A. KJ.EiN, 109 Sixth s:. ; sond posuU.
LD - GOLD AND SILVER BOUGHT. ' W.
OLD GOLD AND SILVER BOUGHT. W.
MUND, watchmaker and Jeneler, 226 Ellis st.
r>UILDINOS BOUUKT: LU24BKR. SASHES,
JJ doors. mantels, •tc. for *«!*> llti^ Mlwtlon v..
2IUSICAI. ISSTBCMENTS, "
ARE YOU ABOUT TO PURCHASE A PIANO?
A. We sell them for $3, $4, $5, $6, $7. 9a $9, 910
per month; also for ; tha best makers of every
grade; don't pay rent when the same monthly
payments will purchase one from us. SHERMAN.
CLAY <fe CO., cor. Kearny aud Sutler sis., titeia-
way dealers. /
» BSOLUTELY THE OLDEST AND LARGEST
J\. house west of Chicago Is KOHLER <fc
CHAbE'S. 26, 28 and SO Farrell St.; pianos, or-
gans aud all other musical instruint-nta, of all
risdi'i and prices; terms easy: prices lowest:
t very tiling possi bin done 10 iiiiaso aud «ails:y ma
customer.
ACTUALLY THK BEST BAKGAINs IN PI-
Whu; mon: pay rnents from S-5 up; deliv-
er<-d tree with stool and cover; correspondence
solicited. THE F. W. SPENCER COMPANY,
salesroomi 933 Market m., tvp. Maaou; omau
l.sbed over 20 yeiiri.
GRKAT BARGMN TO-DAY— I PRIGKTS
$125, $IM>, $175. MAUVAIS. 769 Market
KAUTIFUL $500 WALNUT DKCKKR &
Son uptl-hl, good as new, for 9290 cash."
MAtVAIS, 769 Market st.
BONA FIDK RKDUCIION IN PRICES—
Halnes. Knabe. Jiuah <ft Gerts and others; sec-
ond-hand pianos from $100 up. W. C. HAMIL-
ION, successor la A. L. Bancroft & Co., £24 r'Ost
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE — MUST SELL;
jCV pianos at imrxie:ise rcdnclion for enshoron
installments. EaION EsTaTIC. 735 Market St.
SHAW, STEINWA\. $250; CUICKERING..
$185; barsalna, $4 a month; a nice umall up-
right. $95; rent $2 up. HiSINE, 136 Ellis st
(£«or GOOD PIANO; MUST BE SOLD AT
_«). once. 326 Thirteenth st, bet. Mission
and Valencia. . ■ ; . ■■_
VfEW RENT CONTRACT; NO INTEREST
*■' to begin wl h; come, let us explain. 136 Ellis.
ELEGANT $800 WEBK.R UPRIGHT. CHEAP.
Hi BRUEN VS Piano-house. 228 Post st
KNABK PIANOS: NEW -CALE; NEW
styles. KOHLER & CHASE, 80 Farrell st
EARLY NEW BABY GRAND STEIMWAY;
i' greai bargain. 1021 Van Ness aye. '
"PAKE CHANCE; GOOD UPBIGHT CHEAP.
XV SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hlberuia
AT bHC.RAIAN, CLAY & CO.'S ONLY WILL
you find a stock of new Stelnway pianos. V j
WU. BAIHiEU. sUi.li A.ENTFOit HALLET
.&. Davis and Francis Bacon pianos. 41 > sacto.'
BYRON MAL'ZY, SUb Pus'l'i S'l.— >OHJo.ii»i,
Newbv & Kvani. Britrcs anJ othnr plauos. :
CUPKRIOP. VIOLINS, ZITHEKH, OLiXfc NKW
Ull MULLER. maker, repairer. 'J Iji.nam place.
BICYCL.KS.
TANDEMS, '96" PaTTEKN, GOOD AS NEW.
A 970 and upward; bargains in second-hand
wheels. Golden Ru.e i'.i.znar cycie department,
25 Geary st : Uv'^^i
RAMBLEK, TJN'RKDKKMED, NEW: A BaR-
Kain. Baldwin Jewelry Store,* 9lB Msr<»t st. .
• XYFJKWKI'rISIIS.
AAL HYPNOTIC INSTITUTE, 1346 MARKET;
\J hypnotiira taught: 95: diseases <& habis cured.
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, 1206 MARKET; RES
2864 25th st.; diseases of women a specialty
BUSINESS CHANCES.
GJlO^rk RESTAURANT ON EAST ST..
tjDl^OU. opposite th» Oakland ferry; the fin-
est and best paying placo in that locality: a genu-
ine good bargain. Apply WILKK; 783 Market.
<m;rrv/-\ tOFFEE SALOON AND LUNCH-
«IpUUVf. house on Montgomery St.: doing flrst-
clas< business; net rent $40; bargain. WILKE,
783 Market st. . .. „■■., ■ ■ __^
f\(\l\ MOST ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
sjDXWUU. millinery establishment; best loca-
tion, near Market; selectet stock of goods, large
patronave: owner going East and must sacrifice.
Apply WILKE, 783 Market st. • -•:.
<mr,T- OLD ESTABLISHED CORNER GRO-
t> I «J. eery and bar In busy location; fine
stock of erocerles. good bar trade, low rent; a bar-
gain. Inquire WILKE, 783 Market su
(2J.JAA WELL PATRONIZKD; RESI'AU-
tjp tUU. rant in wholesale district: fine class of
customers; no Sunday work; a good paying place.
Particulars, WILKK, 7b3 Markets.
flljl *)C\C\ IUKNEK GROCERY AND BAR
tJP-L— .v'l/. with 4 ivinz rooms: choicest loca-
tion In Mission; a straight, genuine Al paying
business. WILKE. 783 Market st.
gu An(\ GOOD PAYING SALOON ON EAST
t!r"iUl.*. sU, opposite the Oakland ferry; n bar-
gain. ; Apply WILKE, 783 Market st.
WlAt\Cl BRANCH BAKSRY WITH 3 LlV-
tlpixOVr. ini»-roonis; rentsv!2: a genuine good
business offrr: daily receipts $14; kept by owner
for years; rarest chance. WILKK, 783 Market st.
<Sil ?\(\ LUNCH AND CHOI* HOUSE; ES-
«Jp I O\J. tabitshed years; patronized by mer-
chants and ' brokers; money-making place: no
feunday or night work. WILKE, 78K Market st.
QuQCfv CORNER BARROOM; CHOICEST
»5>oOU. downtown location; doing a flrst-clasi
paying business: low rent; investigate at once;
you will find No. 1 bargain. WILKE, 783 Market
m»-i r- FIKST-CLASS CIGAR-STORK: THK
tj)X 10. best location near Market st. : fine fix-
tures; large patronage; owner has other butiness.
Apply WILKE, 783 Market st.
<E»£f;A SALOON WITH 11 FURNISHED
•IpOOU. rooms: only $60 rent: choice corner;
1 block from water front. WILKE, 783 Market.
O SELL YOUR BUSINESS QUICK FOR
cash, see GUS STRAND, 1118 Maritet sU
<E»/lAA SALOON; PAYS WKLL: OFFER
«3>tlUU. wanted. OUS STRAND, 1118 Markeu
©OKA DINING PARLOR; CLEARS $75
3b»)OU. per month; free rent. GUS STRAND,
1118 Market st. , . . .
GL'Q^A CORNER, GROCERY AND BAR;
«^OOU. great bargain. GUS &TRAND, 1118
Market st.
(irtO-zi PARTNER WANTED IN COMMIB-
-♦JT-^cH'. slon business: clear $160 per month.
GUS STRAND, 1118 Market su .
(CiQHrt "STATIONERY AND CIGAR STORE;
tIDtJUV/. pays $76 per month. GUS STRAND,
1118 Market bu
ATTENTION —BARGAIN; $400 TODAY
xV buys large saloon and lunchbouse: flneiy fitted:
splendid locution; good stock: kitchen and back
rooms; large basemeut: two rooms upstairs;
ts:ab!ished 20 years; sell on account of other
very Important business- Particulars 777 Market.
TTIUHKBT CASH ±*RICEsi PAID FoRFURNI-
J 1 ture, restaurant, saloon fixtures and grocer?
atocKs. STENBEiIG. 632 Market: teL main 1043.
1/<OR SALE OR EXCU AN' E— DESIRABLE
-T liqu r-store, well situated, for 2 young men to
conduct: comprising large stick, line fixt-ires,
etc.: business speaks for itself; owner oth-r busi-
ness- STKNBEKG «-0.. 682 Market su
<Jl! 1(\ A A GROCERY AND BAR; FINE COR-
J.\.'\.'\J. nerin Mission; large stock; owner
has other busines-i; must sell: brewery will ad-
vance 1 art of purchase price. STENBEBG <fc CO.,
632 Market st,
Qjt;cn MISSION FRUIT. PRODUCE AND
<r — «Jv7. poultry store for sale: business $20 per
day; horse and wagon; rooms. HEALY, 917
Market su
jiKU. STEWART cfe CO., 632 MARKET ST.,
\T opposite Palace Hotel.
Wholesale produce commission, partner. .. .$2,500
Keitaurant and coffee saloon, nr. Market.. 2.0U0
Partner in large a uarry p1ant.......... 2,500
Manufacturing business, oue-nalf 600
Carpenier-shop, esu 20 yearn, partner. 700
Groceries and delicacy store in San Kafael. 600
CoftVe saloon, established 13 years 850
Drugstore; stock will invoice $550 450
Dry-goods business: at invoice price about. 600
Lodeing-honies, partnerships, hotels, saloons
aid all kinds of business propositions.
QQAA RESTAURANT AND OYsTER-
tj^OvJU. i)U!i-i : great bargain; near Mat and
4th;low rent. BASILEABARRKTT,B73V Market
Q.-1 c/\ partner wanted— l/ghtbusi-
«tpJ-i-)v/. ness; $18 a week each. 9 Geary su,
room 2.
«gJ'}AA WORTH $500; A RARK CHANCE;
<Tr>_\/\J. a fine water-front saloon for sale at a
sttcriflce on account 0/ partner troubles. Please
apply at 259 Third st.
<J>j!tA RIiSTAUKANT ON A PRINCIPAL
J«JI/. street with tw» entrances on corner;
cheap rent; cood reasou for se.ling: half cash.
Apply this ofllce.
S| C/\ RARE CHANCE FOR PARTY IN
»JP I O\J. city with little money: paying
restaurant In business part of city. Apply 210
Drumm st.
1/IVK PEOPLE TO PUT IN $200 EACH TO
J? run tunnel on quartz vein 4 feet; $5 gold ore.
G. 0., box bB, Call Office. |
>-)f\f\ PARTNER TO OPEN 25c RESTAU-
«ID'-»-'V/» runt: no experience required; good lo-
cation, owner, box 17. Call Office.
I/<OR SALE REASONABLE— WELL-ESTAB-
X Ushed paying detective and collection business.
M., box 99, Call Office.
WAXTKD — Gf.BMAN UNDERSTANDING
TT luncn business, with $150; big money. For
particulars Inquire at Call Office.
T.-OR GKOCKRY AND BAR: OWNER
-T selling on account of sickness- ' 240 Minna su
"\roUNG LADY DEsIRF.S GENTLEMAN
X partner; German preferred. 1201/3 Geary, r. 2.
EXCELLE.NT OPPORTUNITY FOR SALOON
XU in manufacturing town of Newark, Alamed*
County, CaL; new building; rent reasonable; li-
cense low. Address J. H. JSOBMANN, 1727
Bioadway, Alameda.
OR RENT (USE OF FIXTURES, FURNl-
ture.etc., free)— Large basement saloon on Third
st., i.'-iir Market: low reuu Call at 825 Market
St., room 629.
FOR SALE— A $1000 MARBLE FOUNTAIN,
i fine cooilition, $250; installments, or might
trade. Address 11. X., 22 Turk st.
A D Y -STORE AND FACTORY. ICECREAM
yj parlors, soda tountain; near Call building;
make offer. Apply 4b Third st.
TTALF-INTKREST IN MEAT MARKET;
XX must be practical man: full Investigation. Ad-
dresi B , Call Office, Alameda.
<9117^ BAKERY WAGON, HORSE, HAR-
<i? L I O. ness; route of 300 loaves besides caice*.
415 Lily aye.
GENTLKMAN PAUTNER WANTKD BY
young lady;country business. B. 1, 207 Post.
O-CHAIR BARBKR-SHOP, GOOD LOCATION,
with 4 living-rooms. Apply this office.
-yOUNG FRENCH WIDOW DESIRES GEN-
X tleman partner. . Rcom 1, 223 Post st.
CiTAA B-.KKRY AND CONFECTIONERY;
«lp I \J\J. good outside trade; bake.i 45 bbls flour
monthly: cheap rent. Bus. Exch., 777 Market su
QOAA LOOK AT THIS FINK SALOON;
is£,V\J. good stock; fine location; cheap rent.
805 Howard st. ; -
FOR SALE— S6OO— CANDY-STORE IN Mld-
on, with elegant soda fountain, icecream par-
lor* and faciory; buyer can learn easily the mak-
ing of candy; e'eara $100 monthly; satisfactory
tr al given. Address C. s., box 91, Call Office.
pROCERY AND BAll: SOUTH OF MARKET
VJTst.; establl4b<-d 20 years: must be sold this
month. L'uMMISsiCU., Wholesale Liquor Mer-
chants 5 and 7 Pine St., near Market.
GOOD BUSINESS IN LADIKS' UNDER-
wear, corsets and general notions; gooa living;
rent low; a bargain. Add. C, box 148, Call Office.
— — • _ _^^___^____
ADIE.S, ATTENTION! STATIONERY, NO-
JJ lions, ■ andy and cigar store; a so papers and
laundry; for sale cheap. 2002 Mason sU j
IpiNEKSTAKLISHEDGHOChKY FOR SALE.
I Ap. E LLM AN, PKCK & CO, 201-207 Market.
YOUNG LADY DESIBKS A GENTLEMAN
j X partner. 9 Powell s«, room 8, sreond floor.
SI'LKNDID CUANCK FOR A GOOD HOKSE-
O shoer and coneral .blacksmith In. all its
branches; building to let On reasonable terms, the
owner having con-iderable work in the above line,
Inquire at, 706 Ivy aye., jiear Buchanan st.
Milk Ranch, t; COWS. and route-.
larpe plac«, suitable for ponltry ranch, includ-
ing pigeon-house with 61.0 ilgeons: for sale or
lent. G. MOLEMA, Tenth aye. and I st., San
Francisco South,,
ARTNF.B WANTKD IN OLD ESTABLISH-
-L ed lurniture and undertaking business: nui«
have 5900: doliig t ood business In thriving Inttr.or
tiwn. Address F. 8., box 38. Call Office.
OLD ESTABLISHED BUSI.NKSS: WELL
fitted up: danetn* academy and lodgerooms:
che«p rent and in good running order. 121 New
Montgomery st. ■ ■•
j AUU AIN-FIR&T-CLASS HALOON: BAFE,
>> luiprovemeots, U-aidioomi, etc; a sa ritic-*;
proDrletortuust leave for the Kasi; good business
ii. vestment. -100 Ulster gt:. opplcii* Hail.
S ALOON AND RMSTAURANT: 4 FUB^dlSH-
kj ed rooms: steady trade; good reasons foFsell-
to*3 MA a x e KERN PPlr at 339 S er 8t " from 10
L"OR SALi-THK GREAT HERB ; INSTI-
T inte. " 1206 Market St.. at a sacrifice; Uiose
wishing to consult DR. sHAPKRO call at once, as
he will soon retire from bus ioe«.
BUSINESS r CHANCES—
fIUQAA SALOON AND I.UNCHHOUSK IN
tfhOUU. best manufacturing district in the city;
has an excellent steady t run of trade all day;
crowded ilur.n* meal hours: balf c:ish. balance on
easy teruis. M. LEsS, 5 Fourth su
JJOXA CORNER SALOONi NORIH OFMAH-
«pZOU ketst.; Al paylne pace: raus. be sold
once- owner goingto tui ope; Uiorough Investi-
gation solicited; rent cheap. M. LESS, 5 Fourth.
A CORNER SALOON: NORTH OF MAR-
tIPoOU ketst.; 4 elecant private rooms: one of
the beit corners off of Market su: well worth
$1000: must be sold to-day; on account of family
trouble. M. LKbS, 6 Fourth su
ffl» I &n(\ SALOON; ONE OF THE OLDEST
3j)IOUU. pUtces near the Crironicle bulldltig:
place crowded "all day; finely fitted np: ea.«lly
worth $250 ) ; rent moderate; must be seen to be
appreciated. M. LESS, j Fourth su
atfl'Ti CORNER GROCERY AND. BAR; A
5?l')OU. few blocks nonh of Market street:
finely^ fitted up: good, iarze stock on hanu: 4 ulce
living-rooms: rent low. M. LESS, 5 lourth st.
ffl? 1 Onn 3 SALOON-ONE OK THE FINK-T
•IT I ZUU and oldest places la the Immedlaie
vicinity of many large theaters: elegant prlvato
rooms; magnificent fixtures: clears *15U 10 SZUO
per month. M. Lf.S-, 5 Fourth su
ONE OF THK OLDEST COKNEK SALOONS
for Hale: near city front. Inquire WICHMAN,
LUTGEN & Co., 218, 220 and 2-2 Clay St.
<TT.QO;r GOOD CORNER OKOCtRY AND
<JfiOiiO. bar; cheap; no opposit.on; 4 living-
rooms. 331 Sixth st.
TOi.E FOR SALE; PRICE $1000: FURNl-
ture, notions, bicycles, other busiuess. Box
314. Ollroy, Cal.
iiJSNTLEMAN PARTNER WANTED BY A
VT young widow. Room 8, 207 Post st.
CM A A SALOON FOR SALE: OLD EsTAi:-
<p 4 yJ\J. lished place: no night work. Apply this
office. ■„•■, , .'■■•.-.
»')An HALF-INTEREST established
«JpOV/v. manufacturing business; noexperlence
needed. 827 Mission st.
IOR RENT - FAMILY RESTAURANT:
X large in ing-room; French range: 2 suites of
rooms; bath, etc Apply W. B. CLUFK.I7 Sixth.
OR SALE OR TRADE; GOOD PAYING
lodging-house north of Market st. ; trial given,
goes cheap for cash; owner going to Europe. Ad-
dress Barber, 405 Sixth st.: no agents. - '
SOUTHERN PACIFIC RESTAURANT FOR
O sale, cheap: fine location; doing good busi-
ness: owner going to the old country; Investigate.
202 Townseud St., cor. of Third.
<J£zlnn GROCERY AND BAR; ft LJVING-
tJpttv'U. rooms; rent $35. Hibernia Brewery.
T/OR SALE —SACRAMENTO AGENCY OF
-T this paper. For particulars Inquire Call Office.
•PORTLAND AGENCY THIS PAPER. IN-
J- quire this office or at 133 Third st., Portland.
Oregon.
LODGING-HOUSES FOB SALE.
fn 6 "¥uY^rTsELL° A^I^DGING^UOUSErSEE^
X GUS STRAND, 1118 Market St.
€»QAA HOUBE, 23 R> OMS; BEST LOCA-
<Pt f UI/. tlon on Market st. GUS STRAND, 1118
Market su
QI«7C/k HOUSE OF 26 ROOMS; BEST LOCA-
tID I O\J. tlon on Market st.; a rare bargala;
owner Is leaving for Europe. WILKE, 78a Markeu
GOOD 45-ROOM HOUSE FOR SALE OR IX-
VX change for real estate; must be disposed of oil
account of departure. 115 Second st.
-I -HOOM HOUsi? NEAR NEW P. O. LOT;
X i rooms alwa>-s full. Address M., box 16. <■ all.
T7"ERY REASONABLE— SMALL LODGING-
V bonse; 16 rooms: 18 closets and 2 batnrooms.
1775-77 Mission su, near Fourteeuth.
FCKNITUKE FOR SALE.
ENTIRE STOCK T. H. NELSON, DECEASED,
XJ now being sacrificed to Close estate: household
furniture every d. scrlptlon, new and 2d-hand; pos-
itively below cost; genuine closing ouu 126 4th.
SAVE MONEY— BUY FURNITURE FROM
Buckingham Fur. Co., 86t> Mission: advance*.
HOUSEHOLD RANGES AUK THE BEST
JOHN F. MEYKRS CO.. 947 Market St.
FUKNITUBE WANTED.
AT INDIANA AUCTION COMPACT*, RE-
moved to 1171 Mission, st.. near Eighth, tele-
phone Mint 1393, you get highest ciuih paid for
merchandise, furniture, art gooas, pianos, libraries
BEST PRICKS FOR FURNITURE, MDSE^,
etc. STREET* CRESWELL. Anctlorieers.7 il
Howard streeeu Houses bought in their entirety.
JpURMTURE, STOVES CAKPKTS, COUN-
F ters, showcases A>DERSoN. 11U1 Market.
CARPJST CLEANING.
DVANCE CARPET-CLEANING CO., 403
J\- ftutter; tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, prop.
ITY STEAM CARPET-CLEANING WORKS;
\J cleans, moves, 'ays carpets. G. H. STEVENS,
Mgr 38 and 40 Kighth »t. ; telepiionu South 250.
T WaTTS, reliable carpet-cleanlus renovtg. alter-
(l . atlon works. 413 McAllister. lei Jessie 3-' L
/CARPET-CLEANING, 3c: LAYING, Sc; RUGI
\J samples free; tel. Jessie 944. Stratton, 38th
pARPETb CLEANED. RENOVaIED LIKK
\J Dew. J. McQUEEN, 4S3 Stevenson. TeL S.2^&
HEN YOU BIiCOME DISGUSTED WIT
poor work send toSPAULDING'S PioneerCar-
pet-beatlnar Works, 853-67 Tebama su; tel. so. 4Ji
/CARPETS CLEANED A RENOVATED LIK3
V ijew. 23 Tenth ; teL South 36. Mackintosh & Co.
E. MITCHELL. CARPET-CLEAN INO 00.
. 240 14th su : cleaning; 8c a yard. TeL Ml* 7 i
pONKLIN'S CARPET- BKATING WORK 4.
\J 833 uoldea Gate aye. Telephone East 120.
FOR BALE-MISCELLANEOUS.
JMAtTS DRY GOLD SAVER: NEVER
. nsed:sso. cost $90. W. SALE, 401 Market.
"C*OR SALE— BUGGY; $2 60. 623 TURK.
00-FOOT LAUNCH: FASTEST MODEL IN
— O the State; cost $2500; hardwood plauked
hull; well furnished: cushions: awnings: electric
lights and searchlight; $500; can be seen at the
Pacific Yacht Club, Sausalito. Apply FRANK H.
BURKE, 626 Market st.. San Francisco.
'Q/* LADY'S WHEEL, $20; SECOND-HAND
OIJ wheels, from $12 up. BENTON BKOS-, Ex-
pert Bicycle Repairers, 775 Fo.somst., nr. Fourth.
, . — .
ILLIARD-TABLE FOR SALE: BRUNS-
X) wick <& Balka; cheap; been used but little:
balls, cuerack, etc., complete. Address Billiards,
box 77, Call Office.
COMPLETE OUTFIT FOR CHICKEN-RAIS-
\J ing: also furniture for 5 rooms; compelled to
nell on account of death of owner. MRS. KLANG,
box 260, Petaluma.
ffl»7An 2 LOTS FRONTING ON FALCON
<4> luu. and Ocean road, near Twenty-second,
st. Apply 885 Mission st.
ECOND-HAND SHAFT, PULLEY AND
Obe ting for sale. 827 Hampshire st.
"I 7-HORSE-POWKR ENGINE, 1 4-HORSK.
X power engine, with toiler, gas-engine, lathes,
planers and shapers. 616 Slx'.h st.
ijARs. BACK BARS, MIRRORS, BUOW-
Xi cases, counters, linoleum, office furniture,
(tore and office furultura and fixtures, new anj
second hand. J. NOON AXi, 1017-lOltt-lO^ V-)Uii
Mission a:., above Sixth.
«
OAFKS— NEW AiSD bECOND-HAND. 609
"VJ Market su
BoiLER:s,ENuiNE.s,^i>HANu machinery;
XJ water-plj.es. Mclntosh Jt Wolpman. 137 Bealo.
COFFEE MILL. SCALES, LETTER PRKS&
\J stand desic. money till, safe; cheap. 10'J Cl*/.
JJARS, SHOWCASKS, COUNTERS. SUELV-
XJ Ing, eta, bought and sold. 10ti3 Mission, nr. 7th.
Lai.ge DOUBLE comi'arimc-.m 1 COIN
bank sai«; cheap, fc Mission su
KTKW KLMWOODRANGKS ARE THE IiKST.
X> W. K. KAY MFU. CO.. 12 California su
NX SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE-SIZB
tire and burglar proot safe. 109-111 Market
I>RANCH OFFICE OFTHK CALL. 167 NI.nXK
yj su; want ads and subscriptions taken.
? SEWING MACHINES.
A LL KINDS BOUGHT, SOLD, I-XCHaNGED,
■XXrented.repaiiedon.-ed c* supiiiies 16.)9 Mark -t
LOST.
PACKAGE CONTAINING TICKETS, ON
X Twenty-fonrtn st., near Folsom; ticket num-
bers known and of no use. Rit'jrn 1219 York su;
reward. ,
THE UNDERSIGN ED HAS L..S. HIoCHJCCK
J. male oui to ills own o der on tie Nev.-ida Bank
of San F'anci-coforthe S'lm of f'^O'JO: sa 1! t.'ieclc
w;m cenlM-d July 2., l»v6,underNo. l'»--v all per-
sons are l>erel)y> warned tainst negotlatiuir ihe
same, as payment thereof lias been stopped. 8. C.
HEINfcMA Tempe, Arlzun*. .
LOST— A PA-SBOuK WITH THK HIBKRNIa
Savings a d Loan Society of san Fruuclsco. In
thenam»of WLLI.ViI TAYL.»R;|No. 18A965
The finder will p, ease return to banK.
FOUND.'.
I pOUND— LADIES' OOLD CHAIN; OWNER
-F can have same on proving propvrty. Appl/
Call Office. ' -■v :" HOI7SKS TO LET.
PRKSIDIO HEIGHTS; MODERN 9-ROOM
L "house bii.l bath; grand marine view; first-class
! 'l.er: .-^lj) Jacks. in «t. ; rent rcasonab;e. Anply
M irjlVO> & BURKS.
rPO LKT— AN ELEGANTSfNNY RESIDENCE
I 1 in th-» Mis-Ion; rooms, buth, stable, lawn.
I to ih> Mis Ion: 12 rooms, bi.th, staLle, lawn.
1 ttc.: it desired will sell or lease all or any part of
' ttiefnrjiitaro wbicn it now contains; it "is suited
tora-sanitarlum or toarding-house; rent $f)5 per
nionUi. water included. Addre.iS B-, box 81, all.
(JQM NKW.2-BTORY: VRH Si DIO HEIGHTS;
1•_ '» '. tine mjtrine view. OR. DAVIS, Murphy I
buildinir.
HOUSE O LET: 11 ROOMS AND BATH;
114 Kleventh St.. i»ar Mission; rent S3O. I
. ▼^ j
HOTJSKS TO RENT FOR VERY LITTLE I
j:,oney »t BALDWIN & HOW ELL'S, 10 I
>' < tgomery su ' j
. MIIMSHKII HOUSES.
VKWI.Y FURMSHED HOU-K OF 7 ROOMS I
■1-" and l,atb on Pa> Itic aye. to rent ior 6 months.
Address HL P., box 38, Call.
2ft9O XA FORADCLTS:4COMFORTA BLE j
•O - — i«JV/. rooms; bath: J beds. 2 stoves, gas |
andcpal. lfl!7Gear>- st. I
' . COTTAGES TO I.XT.
OJi] 4-ROOM COTTAGE^; I.AR(iK BASF-
- — . men I and yard: rent 59. 3 and 5 Harry place,
r" off LaguiiH, bet H bert aisd Greenwich.
|.'ij i \i.) 4 ROOMS AND BATH; LARi^.E
■ U'basmu't. Frankfort aye., ofT Thirteenth St.,
i.e/rr Howard.
T^TTIF. fOTTAGE.fi RO 'MS. 3389 TWEN- !
I ty-si-xih st , ur. Misiion: rent $12; water free. .
€OTTA«E, 4 SUNNY KOOMS YARD. $11;
V • also flat 6 rooms. Sl5. 6-3 second st., bet.
Brannaa ana Townsen>l.
/i'q -(I COTTAGE OB 3 LARGK ROOMS:
.tyC?.t)\K garden: yard. 18 Prospect aye., bet,
ty-seventh and weir.y eighth sts.. near
;Massi.os:.
LKT -COTTAGE 6 ROOMS AND BATH;
.1 rent $18. 449 Brya I st.
FLATS TO LKT;
HOUBKS AND FLATS RANGING FROM 4
"to 9 rooms, rents from $13 50 to $37 50; at-
■Uactive location, sunny and quiet; large yard for
•flowers; 10 minutes from I'ulace Hotel by Mls-
BlQri-'s-. elecirc-cars. DEMPSTER, 36 G'.en Park
aye., off Twelfth st
SXNNY L'lW R FLAT; 4 ROOMS AND
_ bath; b»<tement; $15. 3434 Twenty-second
■ . St., i.ear Fair UaKs.
— o») • ftOV E— S NICE ROOMS; BATH. KET
• •'— at grocery-
I r j('\« POSi — 3. 4 AND 5 ROOM FLATS;
-LiUU baths: tarden: rent $15.
OCq HARRIET ST.. BKT. SIXTH AND
OO seventh— Uoper flat of 3 rooms; $9
Q \ i FLAT OF 4 LAKGE ROOMS aNI.'
•_ i "i. 3'ard. 214 Eleventh St., near Howard.
T^LAT OF 4 SUNNY ROOMS, 11 ELWOOD
J- 1 St., off O'Farrell, near Mason.
\"E\V FLAT 7 SUNNY ROOMS; MODERN
J.N improvements. 3435 Twentieth s"., bet. j
Howard and Capp.
_ j
-I -J-JKDDY — NICE, SfNNY, CORNER
J.tJ'iJ. flit; 6 rooms: modern; rent reasonable.
ijl s SUNNY UPPKR FLAT; 5 BOOMS, I
i^J O. bath, yard. 12 Shotweil, near Fourteenth.
010 f\ NEW BAY WINDOW FLAT OF
«Tf 1 —.*>". 3 rooms, gas, tubs, bath. 909 Fol-
sjom'st.. near Fifth.
TpA}) FULT O N - EXTRA FINE. MIDDLE
I."!- tlat, 6 rooms aud bath; new; $30.
•1 -li| HYDE— UPPER FLAT; 7 NICE SUN-
J • 1" ny rooms: S-tJ-
w' If\ TAKE YOUR CHOICE; 4OR fi-ROOM i
IV. flats; near Uali. SPECK <fc CO., 602 ]
Markat St.
It (i— l STEINKR — UN N V MO I> ER X
L\ U I g lower flat; 5 large rooms and bath.
't>L.V! <>F b ROOMS AND BATH; RENT REA-
r • nabl- SE. cor. Page aad Lyon sts.
■O»;.- MODERN FLAT, 8 ROOMS, BATH; 1
— I>, or 2 fami'.its 1128 Howard st.
r.]O- ITPEK FLAT; 5 ROOMS AND BATH.
V^l O. 16.5"^ Pine St., abov<* Van Ness aye. i
DO you want A nkw FLAT or COT-
tag»; cheap, see sPr CX <t CO., 602 Market. i
>-LATS TO LKT FOR VKttt LIITLK !
moDey at BALDWIN <£ HOWJiLL'S. 10 Mont-
t cuierv s'. I
/UKAH MODJiRN FLA 1 i> AND 6
*■:, rouilis...*S 10 $16; *»*> ib<-m. . r i2:" -^f-venLh r:. j
.■': ATij KS NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— TLiiJ
f\ V.F.iCKLY ALL. In wife.Doer. for mail
lIOISEKKEI'IXO KOO3IS.
-' " .■ liryant Street.
►11 BRYANT, NF.AR THIRD - LARGE |
DLL suuny front suite; $10 per month.
B^'^dSS Diamond Street.
•1' T -Q Q DIAMOND. NEAR NINETEENTH-2 i
>>.O sunny lroat housekeeping rooms; private
fatarfy; reasoaaole.
',;.•'■ \ J iliiimre Street.
©T.C .5 SUNNY ROOMS: BATH; LARGE
X.O i yard. 2208 Ullmore St., near Clay.
."...' •■" U.t streu..
1/1:7 FIFTH-PLEASANT SUNNY UNFUR-
•* . J \J i hished rooms to let.
'JtQX FIFi -H— CLEAN FIKNI-HED HOUSE- i
«",'i-'J keeping rooms; 3, $13; 1, $7: singie, *5.
' ,- i >>lM>ra >tr«o..
1 nOA» FOLaOM— NICE FRONT ROOM TO
. lU U let ch'.ap.
11-jl FOLSOM — 3 FURNISHED ROOMS
J J.«"' for housekeeping; rant $11.
jGpl&en Gate Avenue.
..{ Q9 GOLDEN GAI E AYE.— SUNNY HOUSE;
' IOAt rooms; porcelain buh: reasonable to a
good tenant.
-i 4 ]f\ (JOLDKK GATE AVE.-FI.NKLY FUR-
J"1 1 nistied tay-wiudow cove; housekeep-
ing: ruhnin? water; $12.
ikurrisou street.
mA HARRISON-2 SUNNY FRONT KOOMS,
■ i Z.KJ furnished comp ete for housekeeping.
. - Howard Street.
1 (\t*Q. HOWARD— LARGE ST'.NNY BaY-
J UUO window suite, nicely furaisbed, with
kitchen, for housekeeping.
-1 I9Q HOWARD — CLEAN NICE SUNNY
J J _>J front rooms: ti up.
- ■ Jackson Street.
rvfkl Q JACKSON— IN AN ELEGANT RESI-
*i\JLtJ denci-: 3 furnished hou.«ekeepiner rooms:
' ■" In ffont, 1 Delng alarse double room; bath;
r26 50. Call before lor after 9p. K.
lieisMie -tree..
iQO JKS.sIP"— KRONT FURNISHED lIOUSE-
-4f3«> Ke^pirig rooms *t5; ai.-o hHisl", cheap.
•/-'^B JESSIE-FLOOR OF 3 ROOMS, BATH;
DO > rent 912; furniture for sal<".
i-«.; kin tee;..
.m LARKIN— NICELY FURNISHED HUN-
'J-Jny ioums for housekeeping: also single.
Jmini Stroo:.
.- 1 .'..MINNA- LARGE SUNNY ROOMS FOR
OaVJ'm.tn and wife, or 2 gents.
E* l ? MIN NA— FCRMSHED ROOMS, COM-
;•. • ''I ' ) -pi etc for housekeeping: lar,e yard.
tio mlnna-2 nicely furnished SUN-
! wiO.'ay housßkeeping rooms
1 t'O(\ MINNA, BKT. >KVE.\TH AND
\*')\J i.ighth-5 rooms, $14; newly tKted up.
"" • :■ *UsBlon Stress.
" 11QK MISSION-QUIKT FAMILY HOUSE; j
g ia<JU iurnUhed suiitsio rent for housekeeping. |
'**-— — — .
*loss Street.
0 I o MOSS, OFF BOWAHD. NR. BF.VENTH-2
I 'J rooms, fnnisnt-d cjmpleie^for housekeeping
■ • ".. : - vi -'uiiiH r<. . c«s..
'X-^it NATOMA - SI! 11. HOUSEKEEPING
sOrjiJ rooms: single rooms: $10, $4 p<-r mo ■ th.
-Miirli >.r«B;.
• '9rt- XlNa ' - FIIONTsUIrE HOUSF.KBKPINO
— U rooms: stove, water, gas; also 246 Klghlh st.
'■ 91 NI.VIH ST.— SUNNY SUITJB Foil LIGHT
— 1 housekeeping; runntn; water: other rooms.
i'lllo stree..
•|.g«jn PINE. NR, LARKIN— FLOOR OF 3
-J Ot)U or 4 sunny furnished housekeeping rms.
': z - : r. — ■ — . -. ' .- . . — - —
• Joik Street.
°''T(\ POLK, COR- GKARY — A MODERN
=" J UU— npartment-house; 4 connecting room*
md bath; nicely and completely furnished for
n'odsekftepliiß; eviry convenience; first floor;
irp&rate eutrance; $30: references exchanaed:
' tis6 3 (otirif-cting rooms, complete for housektep-
iij- 1 . »'JI 50.
HOUSEKEEPING RO«»!Vf — Continued.
i oneH >tree..
rTI fl POWELL— B SUNNY ROOMS; COM- !
1 IU pltte for housekeeping; bath; very reason-
ab'e.
second Street.
r- O SECOVD — FftONT ROOM FOX LIGHT
»'- housekeeping; also shigle and double; rea-
sonab c.
Streoc.
I^9 SEVENTH (GIRARD)- SUITER AND
xr\^d kitcnens;al»o single rooms;newly renovated
' Mxth Street.
X9QA SIXTH-3 AND 4 UNFURNUSHKD
IU — rooms for housekeeping: rent $9 and $10.
Taylor Street.
■I 99 Taylor — furnished ROOMS to
1 I— _. rent tor housekeeping; also o.her nice
I sunny rooms, cheap.
Tenth Street.
m TENTH— 2 ROOMS COMPLETE FOR
housekeeping, also others.
\ i... <f« AvtMttin.
i 909 VAN NESS (BELLE VU CHANGBD
£**J£i bunds)— Ne*iv furnished sunny suites, 2
or 3 rooms: -eparate kitchens: jj;>s langes.
KOOjIS TO LKT. '
umi Mt»«
i QQA BUSH— NIOELY ILRNI-HKD SINGLE
j 00l rooms; ceau; quie:; ssto*B month.
i-Udy Street.
I]Q EDDY — KLKGANT FRONT STTITEi
1 IO otherclean sunny rms: -$iup; uotransieut.
J9Q EDDY— 3 NICK SUNNY ROOMS: PHY-
"il^-Cl slcian: bath: private family other rooms.
i-ifclxtli Street.
OHERMAN APARTMKNT HOITSF.. 7R PTR
0 st.. near M arkei : Surnlshel *nd unfurnished.
Ql [\ KIGHTH. NKAU i'uLSOJI- 3 LAKGii
OJ-U rooms: rent $10.
—".1 street.
ROYAL nOUSK, 126 ELLIS— ANDKS-
cent ligh's readlnc-room, sraokins-room and
ladies' parlor: rooms per night, 35c to 51 50:
week. *2 to $8: month, $8 to $30; elevator on
office floor-, rooms with hot an-.l cold water: baths.
x .mi a ueo..
THK COSMOPOLITAN — SELECT FAMILY
1 lotel- 100 Fifth St.. cor. Mlsslcn: rooms
60c. 75c and $1 per night: 93 to S5 ppr week.
i imriii treui.
1 r\n FOURTH. FIKsT FI OOR-FURNISHED
IVJU front room for gentleman; by widow.
Fourteenth Street.
1 9QB FOPRTKENTH— 2 SUNNY UNFUR-
I— O nishe'd, bay-window, housekeeping rooms.
i unon .-"treot.
I Q FULTON (FUITON HOUSE) — NICELY
I O furnished rms; sing.c or eu suite: $8 <fc $15 up.
Ocarv Stree..
• QQ7 GEARY, COR. MASON— NEWLY . FUR-
■ OO I nisned rooms, suite an single; gonts only.
--I Q GKARY — FRONT SUITE PARLORS;
JiC other siUtfs: double audstug.e; lighthouse-
keeping or board; piauo. i
THE MARTINET, 1101 GEARY. SW. COR.
Van Ness— uandsome suites, newiy furnished.
liar: 1-.,,. .street.
9/^9l HARRI-ON— NICE ROOMS: RENT,
— U._ JL If 9; waier and ashes free.
Howard Street.
I 1 (Y7C\ HOWARD— NEATLY FURNISHED
1 lUIU sunny iront room; running water; bath;
rent $6.
<«>..- stree..
/>'< JESSIE ST. — LARGE SUNNY front
Ucl"i room, bay-window, also small room if de-
sired, in private family.
Oone* stress.
1 9f|T JONES (-'THE VAN WINKLF.")-HAND-
! —U i somely furnished rooms, suites or single.
I . .
»-tttlny Strco..
ARLINGTON HOD»K. 327 KF.ARNY —
Pleasant snnny rooms, en suite and single; firs;
class in ever/ respect: termi reasonable.
"ki4n"i»-r. street. . . .
■\^GBKMITT". houpk. 1045 MARKET-PF.R
1 li'Kht. 35c to $1: week, 51 50 to.fo: families.
1 AQ9 MARKET _ i-'IRST-CLaSS ROOMS;
A'O— also complete furnished housekeeping
rooms: $1 25 wee*, up.
. j.iA.i;mpr sUee;.
! 99/-VI McAllister— NlCELY furmsh id
£t£A3% double and single: also bay-winaow
suite, suitable .for physician: excellent lorutiun;
opp. Ciy Hall; ?6 per month, up.
-»»a«i>n Street.
1 no MASON— SUITE NKWI.Y FURNISHED
lUO $20, and other rooms *j to $8.
A-uiiir. ■:»«..
A AC} MINNA - FRONT SUNNY DOUBLE
'H- room, $0: single snnny, $4 per month.
HiMion s»tr«st»;.
HANCOCK HOUSE, 781 MISSION": FELECT
family rooming-house: fl 50:o$iJ per week.
QQU MISSION ST._KURNISHEI> SINGLE
COO rooms, $4 to .$8; 1 large housekeepngroom.
la^i MISSION* ST.— NEWLY FURNISHED
JLUOI house; single and double rooms; opp. P.
o. lot.
1 f\R> MISSION (EAST LYNN)— EI. KG A NT
xUD 1 ' front rooms: suitable for an office or light
housekeeping: $5 a month up
m 7 MISSION ST.— FURNISHED SCNNY
I single room; $5.
- Pine Street.
/-»91 PINE— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
D JL rooms; $5 up; running water: grate; quiet.
I'ost Street.
! THE BOHEMIA, 239 POST— ELEGANT
1 light, clean, sunny; running water; grates; ele-
vator.
/■'99 POST ST.-KLEGANTLY FURNISHED
') — Z. rooms; bath: hot and cold water: $8; sunny
suites.
iuwell Street.
THE WILLISFORD 212-214 POWELL ST.—
Newly furnished sunny rooms: telephone.
second Street.
1 ir SECOND ST. — FURNISHED SUNNY
LID rooms; single and double; $1 and upward.
- • tlXtil Rrree .
1 TIQ SIXTH— NEWLY RENOVATED BUN-
-IUO ny rooms; quiet; double or single; $5 up.
THE PIEDMONT, 119 a BJXTH— NICK SUN-
X ny rooms: modern conveniences.
■1 9- — CHEAPEST IN THK CITY;
1 —<) nicely furnished duube and single rooms.
Ql 1 HIXTH-PLEASANT SUNNY ROOMS;
0 J tr $1 to $1 25 per week.
Mevenson Street.
STEVENSON, BET. FIFTH , AND
riZi I Mxth— sB: 4 room rear.
■■litter Street.
Ql C SUTTER-4 ROO.u\j FOR DRESbMAK-
OI.D ing or halrdressing. '
Taylor Street.
1 /lO TAYLOR-LARGK ROOMS; $1 76 AND
L\)u *2; snnuy single, $1 25 and 81 50 week.
1 finty TAYLOR. COR. butter— SUNN y bay-
OZZ window, fine newly furnished rooms; $6 to
$12 mouth.
<■) J I i/1 TAYLOR -2 SUNNY FURNISHED
U'i rooms; rent. f5 ,
York Street.
I J5.1 C YORK. NEAR ARMY — ROOMS;
I O ' O rent $10. '
BOAKJOINO A>'l> KOOMS.
rTt"c) PO^T-FURM^IIKD SUNNY ROOMS.
i I — wit board for 2; $18 each up; use parlor
and piano. V Xf.
.11) EDDY— 2 SUNNY PARLOKS OR 2,
ll— with board, *.O each; back parlor lor 2,
$18 each. -■-.-_ , -
nno VAN NESS AYE.- NEWLY FUK-
OUO nished tunny rooms or suite, with board.
KW SUMMER BOARD. RS WANTED AT
254 East Sixteenth st., East Oakland. %
OOM FOR 2 GENTLEMEN WIiH BOARD;
German borne cooking: *s a week. 625 Valen-
cia st.
HOTEL BKKTLINO, 714 BUSH— A FAMILY
hotel; refer nces; all modern conveniences;
Ralston tab.es, If desired; new ni»uagemenc . ••"
THE SAN FRAJSCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 8, 1897.
CHILUKK.V BOABDiD.
GOOD HEALTHY PLACE FOR BABY.
MRS. B. C, Berkeley.
nuun H « ME FOR 1 oi: '_» iIULDRKN; MOTH-
VJ er's care. < all 43>7 Twenty-fourth st.
FTORES TO LKT.
3J.9 IfWk HARRISON ST.. COR. TWEN-
<Jp iv", tieth— New corner store, suitable for
grocery and bar; living-rooms in rear; cheap rent.
Apply TEK & SPADER, 11 Montgomery st.
! T?JRUiTi*TOBJ£ TO LET; 3 ROOMS AND
j X s'.nb'.u: 867 Bryant St., ntar Seventh; fruitstore
I 9 years; rent $12.
ARGK STORE. 234 SJXTU ST.; RKNT
reasonable.
pORNER SI"O>.E ON GEAHY AND WILLIAM
Vj s:ret'ts, uearTaylor; cheap rent. Apply 516Va
Geary st.
ASE.MKNT; PLUMBER OR PAINTER. 600
Kearny s:., cor. Sncramento.
"I ARUE STORK, 'J BHIIW WINDOWS AND
1j 4 lora<- rooms: rent 1n v $22 f-0. 422 Sixth.
OmOfi TO LKT.
OFFICKS TO LtiT-19 POWELL ST., OPPO-
sttP Baldwin Ho, el. -
HALLS TO LKT. .
\"ICE HALL: CHEAP BY MONTH OR
X\ night. 997 Market. cor. Sixth.
EDUOATIOXAL
A NDEHSON'-i ACADEMY AND SCHOOL OK
xV Mathematics: pupils prepared 1:1 day and
evening classes and by private lessons for Callor-
nia and Stanford universities: teachers,' marine
engiueeis' aud civil service examinations; special
fv'j! classes; mathematics mecnanical rirawini;
high school pupils couched. R., 402 Parrot: bldg.
\ SCHOOL OF PHYSICAL CULTURE AND
-£\- Elocution, Octavla at.. Mm Francisco.
MISS ELIZA MACKINTOSH, rupll of Professor
G. W. Baynham, Glasgow, Scotland, and graduate
ot the School of Oratory, Philadelphia, Pa.,
teacher. Oitice days. Friday p. v , Saturday a. m.
H BALD'S KUSiNESd COLLKC4E, 24 POST—
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthaud,
tyring, telegraphy, l&nguases, English branchaj,
tlec:rlcal engineering; 20 teachers; 16,000 grttdu-
ttes; day and evenin; pesslons; catalogue. -
VEKS' BUSINESS COLLEGE. 325 MONT-
•A gomery.s:,; individual instruction in short-
hand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc. ; lite
scholarship *50; low rates per ween; and month.
'i'elephone blaclc 2795.
{ ADY PLAYING THE GUITAR WOULD
J-' like to find a laiy playing the same lnstru.
ment to practice with for mntnal advancement-
Address H. H.. box 24,. Ca1l Office.
BELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHUOL OF ACTING—
Private theatrlrals arranged; pupils rehearsed
,on stage. R. b and 12, L0.0.F. block, 7th and Mkt.
i "I?NGINKERING SCHOOL; MKCH., ELEC
; JLicivii, mining, scrvey, assay, nrchif., X ray
. lanaht; e5.1861. A. VAN N'AILLKN.933 Mkt
i PIANO LESSONS 50c HOUR. MR. WATTS,
L 218 Golden Gate aye.
SINGING, VOICK CULTURE, PARIS GRAD-
uate; French. Ger. lang. ; $2 mo. 100 Taylor,
OOOKKPNU. W liilNG, ARITHM.IC. GRAMR,
IJdav di night: noclaises; $5 month. 845Mlssion
GLiIAK. MaNa-uLIN. i'iA.\u A.\li Via.. 1.-
-l«-ssoni. $3 mo. Mary Westhaus. ai* Fifth.
SUBSCRIPTIONS AND WANT FOR THK
Call taken !at braucu utttce, iS'J Hay ea »v;
j open uutil y :30 o'clock
MKDICAL
1 ALL CASES OF MONTHLY SUPPRESSION
! A. (from whatever cause) restored in a few
\ hours; safe and sure at any time: Instant relief for
' travelers; home in confinement: best care anj
! privacy; regular physician; 30 years' euccessfal
practice; my celebrated remedies for monthly
1 suppression never fail: every case guaranteed;con>
! suitatioTi fr>e, coufiden:ial; hour 4 10 to 5: pills
! URS. DR. WYJCTH, 916 Post st.. nenr l.arkin.
DX. J. H. JOSSELYN, THE GREAT SPECIAL-
Ist, still offers hU valuable services to tht> uri-
icrtnnate. With a mind ma.ured and enriched by
! Etndies of an advanced order, there is hardly a
! dl&ease In the catalogue of human ills he caunoc
; treat to a perfect cure. Ladlej. he is always ready
to assist you. His knowledge nas been strengin-
i pried by extensive experience! Wo case peculiar
I to your delicate organism Is beyond his sure con-
j troi. His female monthly remedies are sure and
Mfc In their effects. His tried and valuable reme-
: dies for lost manhood are never-falling in their
'' action, anu are warranted for botti young and old.
, He excels all others in the enreof private diseases,
1 over &0 years of practice enab.es him to warrant
1 a cure iv all cases. consultation parlors, UJi
i Market st. Call or wrin, direct to UOii Market 4^
! rooms 11 and 12.
A PROCESS T& AT IB PERFECTLY HARM-
I«ss: never fails In any case of monthly sick-
ness, no motter what cause; no electricity hum-
tng or other dangerous methods; money In every
case refunded if a cure is not effected: travelers
helped immediately; years' - experience; home tn
' confinement with lanltarian convenience. Con-
sult free the only reliable physicians, DR. AND
MRS. DA VIEs, 14 McAllister su. next Hibernla
Bank: hours. 0 ATM. lo 5 and 7 to B r. it.
, A LL LAD USE
1 ■"■ ■
RENARD REGLLAIINO WAFER*
An Infallible cure. For further particulars call
1 or send 2c stamp to Pacific Coast Agency.
! RKNARD MEDICAL CO.. 323 Spruckels build-
| ing, 927 Market st., S. F., Cai.
Fp.OCESiS IHAT .NKVtK rAILS TORK-
store every case of monthly sickness from
whatever cause In a few hours when msdlcines
and others, have failed; no instruments used;
; many years' experience: every case guaranteed;
advice free; terms reasonable; first-class private
j homa for confinement. MRS. DR. DaLEY. ll*id
, JUarket sL, over the Owl Drugstore.
! A NJiVV PROCESS— NO MEDICINE OR IN-
; A. ttrunient u»ed: every woman her own physi-
cian for all female troubles, no matter from what
I cause: restores always in one day; tan be sent
{ acid used 11 home: positive cure; genuine new
process can only be had at my oQlce: any other is
; iruitation, worthless- DX. POPPER, 318 Kearny.
R. FOULET'S FRENCH CAP -ULES -A,
guaranteed absolute cure for all fema'e. . dls-
j eases (no matter what cause); posltlvey safe and
j sure: no danger or after effects; taki'U in time It
also ac s as a preventive; price $1 60 per box:
sent free by mail on receipt of price. WALLER
BRoS.. 33 Grant aye.
DH. AND MRS. WKGENER. 526 EDDY ST.:
private home; every comfort; separate rooms
before and anring confinement; female complaint*
skillfully treated; regular physician: quick relief
i ior tiavelers: test care; terms moderate: babies
I adopted In good families; consultation iree; pills $'i
DR& GOODWIN SPECIALISTS. LADIES
near or far; safe, quick cure guaranteed, eny
: disease cr complaint: home for patients: best skill.
I lree diagnosis: low fees: self-cure.. 401 Van Nesi
j A LPEAU'S FRKXCH PILLS— A BOON TOLA-
I XV dies with lemale troubles', nodanger, safe and
I sure; $2 50 express O. O. D. ;* Oon't delay until too
late. OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland ;C;iL
\ bURK CLRE FOR ALL FEMALK DIS-
-Tl- eases from whatever cause; a home la con-
finement with every comfort: satisfacUou guar-
anteed by MRS. GWYER, 226 Tur^ St.
LL FEMALE COMPLAINTS AND PIS-
JtX. eases of the eye permanently cured at MRS.
j DR. SCOTT'S, 410 Ueary st ; consultation free.
I\U PRAK'S FEMALK REGULATING PILLS;
XJ safe and eSiclent emrnenaeogue: $1 par box.
<£CO.,druggiats, 406 Clay Bt.,soleagta,
UNsURPAJ-bED REMEDIES FOR FEMALE
J troubles, diseases. .M.RS.DII. PUETZ, 254y 4th.
I vK. HALL, 14 McALLISTKR STREET, In iJili
1J Jones. Diseases of women and child
DKNTIBTS.
VAN VRUOM «fc CO.'S l-.LECTRO- DENTAL
Parlors, 997 Market st. : lady attendant; no gas
or oiher dangerous unaesthetic* given;' electric. ty
the great agent used to relieve pai<i; teeth filled
una extracted painlessly by our new electrxal
process: a written guarantee given with all work
done; lowest prices: best woriv; all surgical work
attended by G. W. Wili.ams M.D., p.iysician
and surgeon: examination free by the u>e ot our
new electrical appliances^ porcelain and gold
crowns: bridge-work and teeth without plates a
specialty. Electro-Dental Parlors, 997 Market st.
A FULL SET OF TEETH, $5; PAINLESS
A extraction: see our new combination plate:
thinnest, lightest, coolest plate made; warranted
10 years: tilings. 60c; crowns, (3 50: lady assist-
ant. CHICAGO Di-.«TAL PAKLORS. 24 Sixth.
pROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 MAH-
\J ket, t-ft. 3d and 4th: pais specialists; painlesi
extracting, with gas, $1; plates, $7 up; till, SI up.
ffl.r lULL SET TEETH: Bfc.s>T MAKE;
«jjs«). kept In repair; extractiag fire; flUings,&Oc;'
crowu3. $3 6U. Pacilic Dental Parlors, It* Tuird.
ET OF TEETH WITHOUT A PLATn. DR
H. C. V rig, 1841 Polk st.
T>OSITIVKLY PA IN LESS EXTRACriON. DR.
X HARDING, tOOSulter cor. Powell: t<-l.maius379 '
H. J. J. Llii.K. 1126 MAKKKT Sl'.; ; OPKiJ
evenings: bundaya till noon; dentistry taught
GULiO-V IJI\.»TAL ASSOCI-\ iiO.N. hUJ-J.-i.it-
\J ket St. ' DR. CHARLK-. W. DECKKR. '
q- 1 A SKT FOR Ti-.^rH-WAKKANTED A-J
O I rood as <an be made; filling $1. UR. »IMMj*
Oentlst, 830 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater.
TVK. LUDLUii iiILL. 1443 MAUKiIiT ST., NX.
U Bleventh; no ; charge »or extractlns whsa
plates are made: old plates made over Ilka new;
leeth from $S per set: extracting 60c: gas given.
TAX. UJtOKIiK W. 1.1.hK, THK UKNUINS
jJ Leek denttil, discoverer ot painless extraotloa i
and patentee ot Improved brtdgn work or taaUt .
Without any plate, moved from 010 iUi/ Furiellii.
ALL VVOBK I.KASONABLK AND WA^t"
xanteO. V& J. W, ui.Y, 1320 Aiarket m.
PERSOHAM.
I ADES' AND GENTS* FASHIONABLE
I■> dress and every-iay shoes to order; guaran-
tee 1: (1) to be iieat> and -perfect fit, Cl) to be
j cneaper than voti can bui' ihem alieady male;
; proposition, sample uf shoes a d leathers shown,
met-suremi-nt.i taken at your home; shoes de.
liveivd free when niatie: upon . delivery If satis-
factory, you pay for them, if not you lose notbina;
inclose, stamp f >r s samnles,.etc. F. M. WOOD-
Wai.D, shoe artist, 1007 Market st,
* DVICE FRKK; DIVUKCK LAWf A SPEO
J\. iftlty: private; no lee withou: euccess. pro-
bate, insolvency, wills, collections, - bills of sale-
damases, etc. : private detectives: estab. 10 year*
U.W.HOWK, at:yat-la\v. 850 cor.Stocktu
ISS LOESKL H *S REMOVED TO 121
Montgomery St., room 8."
ME. VIOLET CHKBT.ER, FORMERLY OF
223 Post St., removed to room 1, 207 Post sU
LOAKS AND-TAILOH-MADK SUITS RE-
/ tailed at wholesale ligures. 20 Sansome st ,
ups'.uirs. . .-, ■ s . - . i'\
ASSAGE TREATMENT GIVEN BY MRS.
EMMA ROSK. formerly at the Harumam
Baths; hours 910 9. 17 Fourth St., room 1. .::;-•
pA I ..HYPNOTIC INSTITUTE,! 846 MA kKET:
V> hypnotism taught; $5; diseases <£ habitscured.
|>JOOI> J'ROUBLKS.
I > Rheumatism permanently cured by short treat-
ment at DX. SMITH'S KLr.CTKO-MA'iNETIC .
BATHS; try them and be hea.ed: sure cdre; con-
sultations free, 1 to 3, 6 to 8 p m. ; Sundays 10 to
12; hygenic board: sunny rooms. 1533 Buchanan.
AIR OK SCALP TROUBLES? U>E ••QUINO-
nia" Hair Tonic, 5c bottle. G. LEUERER,
111 Stoikton st
MME. ROLLAND HAS REJURNKD AND
loca'.ed par.or 1, 2'_'3 Post St.; pa.mist. , j
SUPERFLUOUS HAIRs REMOVED BY
ele-tiolvsis. MB. DE WKIAIH, 2IIJ Bush.
SUITS TO ORDER <>N INSTALLMENTS; $1
a week.N.Y: Tailoring Co., 115 Kearny. upstairs
I piihUMATISM CURED OR MONEY RE-
XV funded; poor treated fre». 305 Kddy st.
HHUF.-CIIMIDT, SANITARY PLUMBER,
. gastitter. 623 .olden tiate ay. Tel. Sutter47l.
MMX. MYRTLE POTIER REMOVED FROM
1362 Market st. to 33 Sixth, room 17.
IVORCK AND ANNULMENT OF MAR- I
riage; legal everywhere terms and payments
obliging. Address loc*box F, 1538 Market St.,
San Francisco, Cal.
PECI AL AND LAST CLASS OF SEASON IN
! 0 hairdresslng and manicuring begins Monday,
I April 26: halfrates given. Up-To-Date Parlor«,
1026 Market st.. over The Wonder. Tel. Mint 1595
1 \RI NKENNFS--- CURES GUARANTEED.
1 J Gold Cure, Sacramento, Cal.; 26 Page St., S. F.
4 YOU SATISFIED WITH YOUR HAIR- '
l\ dresser? Have you tried L-derer? My nair- \
dressing co»ts ouly 25c for any style (only one
I rice), and is easily the. best in town; swl:ches I
run from $1 to $$; bleachiug roots of hair, 50c;
restoring gray or bleached . hair, fiom $1 5J to <j>s.
G. LEDKRER, 111 StoCKton St.
171ACIAL BLKMISHKS. WRINKLES, S.MALL-
pox plttincs and superfluous hair removed by
latest discovery; suuken eyes and cheeks filled
out; taldness cured. MRS. E. KING, 624 Sutter.
Ti"ilNE BLACK •-''-■ IT; $12 60. Mlsfll CLUI H-
X ing parlors. 613 Moutgomer/ st.
Ann BUSINESS CARDS PRINTED. $150;
IUUU weaaing work. HILL, 22V<» Geary st.
HOME, A r'RIKNI) AND MOTliKit'S CARfS.
MRS. lilt. FUNKE. 1416 l-ighth St., Alamed*
TRY US ON YOUR NEXT SUIT; MODKRN
tailoring; lowes: prices. 216 Kearny, upstairs.
JOSEPH GREVE.VS OPKKa SCHOOL FUR-
J nishes solos, duets, quartets or entire opera acts
lor the professional stage, ana for oratorio, concert
or church as well, on shortest notice. Murphy
bnilding. Market and Jones, rooms lvl and I^2.
ELI ABLE AND EFFICIENT DKTECTIVE
XV service. Booms 19. 20 nnd 21, Chronicle bldg.
BIG OUTDOOR STKRKOPTICON SHOW KVE-
ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts.; artistic ad-
vertisements .in living light: promoters of busi-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1 140 Market st.
AKTINGTON'S eCHuOL OF MAGAZINE
1 and Newspaper Illustration: particulars as lo
terms, etc.. 424 Pine St.; Uluatrauouj '.luruiahea
j lor magazines, newspapers, etc. ■ • • "■*■,'
13UPTUKK A-Ni' PILKS CUitED: NO PAY
L\ until cured: send for book. DRSL aLjiin*
HELD PORT KRFI ELD. 838 Market st.
LhCTRiC LIGHT.S. IN EViiKy ROOM:
Winchester House. 44 Third sL, nr. Market:
100 rooms. 2&c to $1 to per night: $1 60 to 96 per
| week; tr<*» bus and i>asrsaz« 10 and lroiu the terry.
. DKKSSMAKERS.
i T-vRESSES $2 UP: < APE* $IUP; WRAP
;If pers 50c up.- 431 Minna st. . i ';--•"
' ■
' CLAIKVOTANTS.
! \\THAT IS-YOUR VOCATION? ; . ?■• -■■<
i »T HAVE YOU PROSPERED?
WHAT ARE YOUR HOPF.S?
Mrs. DR. F. CLARK will lift the dark veil of
your future life: she gives you valuable ADVICE
aud AID in all affairs of life, of private as well as
of business nature as, lor In-tance, pertaining to
Love, Matrimony, Friendship, Business, Lawsuits,
Contested Wills, Divorce. Damage Suits. Mining.
She discovers lost or Rtoleu property, finds buried
I treasures, prevents sickness misfortune; recon-
ciles tbe separated, thus restoring lost happiness.
Every person n adapted to some particular busi-
nrss, profession or irade. which may justly be term-
ed the! ■ true vocation, and yet m.ire than half of
you are fighting against an unknown fate jor fame,
! lortuun nnd position which you do not and cunnot
! obtain until you find your true vocation. Hours. 9
to 0 dally, send stamp for circular and special
; terms. MRS. DX. F. CLARK, 1206 Ma ket, S. F.
1 —^ ————— -———————_—_— ——^
MME. DR THOMAS. SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
er by eggs and cards: tells entire life, pas:,
, present, iuture; consultations on all affairs; . noth-
jng excepted; names given; good advice: sura
help; restores lost lov* by sympathy; mistake Im-
possible: fee $1: letter $2. fe2» Post c. nr Larkln.
MME. POR'IER— Vt ON DERFUL CLAIRVOY-
ant and card-reader; born with double veil
and second sight; diagnoses diseases, with full life
reading; ladles 50c; gents $1: palmistry and clair-
voyant sittings, 91 60. 126 Turk st., near Jone.3.
MME. ARNDT. MAN FORTUNK-TELL-
er; tells past and future; gives picture future
husband or wife; 25cup. neverfalts. 957 Harrison.
MMi-. MELBOURNE. GIFTKD CLAIRVOY-
ant; never falls: call and be convinced. 419
1 Geary »t., room 22, second floor; 25c. .' ■-.'•'■
MRS. MELVILLE, VVKLL- KNOWN CLAlK-
voyant. 51 Fifth st.; water readings specialty.
i \IME. YOUNG'S TEST CIRCLE TO-NJGUT,
I IH 10c; convincing test. 418 McAllister st.
WH£. iIOKISAI', BEST E-TELLKR.
medium, card-reader; 25c up. 764 Howard st.
GYPSY LIFE READER, 3 SEVENTH ST.:
Indies 25c, gents 50c: ail questions' answered.
MJIE. BYBILLB TKLLS FROM CRADLE TO
grave; pictures glveu:ladies2sc. 914 O'Farrell.
fiABINKT BATHS FOR LADIES AND
\J gents, . ALICE FAY, 128 Seventh St.. top tia'.
SPIRITUALISM.
MME. OSMAN. SPIRITUALMEDIUM, GIVES
messages anl advic>> on all matten pertain-
ing to mortal atYairs. 838 Mission st. - ;•'.:?
Vf RS. FULTON— MATERIALIZING SIIANCE
IVI to-nlgut, 50..: slttinss dai.y. 31 Fell sU
MRS. MAYO STEERS, 112^ OAK: CIRCLES
Tuesday, 8 p. m., Thursaay, 2 p. it.; readings.
AM. FRANCIS. INDEPENDENT SLATE
• writer. 118 Halght st.: hours 9 until 6P. v.
MRS. 0. J. MKY EX— TKSTCIR. 2 ANDB P M. :
tests to all; 10:: sittings. 326 McAllister st.
KEMOVAL— FRED EVANS, THE Si.ATE-
-lt writing medium, is now located at 1122 Market.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY; SPIRITUAL MEDIUM,
for messages an<J advice. 218 Stockton st
. HYI'"N*OTIS3I. v ;
HYPNOTISM CURKS WHEN ALL ELSK
fails: al«o tatisrnt. Hypnotic Inst.. 60' Farrell.
HOUSES. '
"LH)K SALK— A BAY MARK, 7 YEARS OLD; !
-T sound; in good condition; Al roadster; single
or double. Olympic Stables, 603 .Sutter at.
QHETLAND AND BADDLK PONIES, . BUSI-
O ness and roadhorse. 605 Goldeu Gate aye. * m
Cii RSES Foil SALK: WAGONS AND
Of liar. .ess at car stables. 721 Howard st. : auc-
tion every 'luesday. • f
AUCTION SALES EVKFtY SATURDAY AT
11 o'clock of horses, buggies, wagons, harness,
etc. Emporium sales yards, 220 Valencia St., S.
WA'I KIN.-, auctioneer. :  , - . "
J(\ HORSES ' FOR BALE; ALSO WAGONS,
iU buggies, carls, harness; ('rand Arcade HorsY
Market, 327 sixth st. . auction sales every Wed-
nesday. bfUI V AN <fc DOYLK. Auctioneers. <
EIBOLD HARNESS COMPANY; 500 SETS
Xj of gi.od harness, our own make, of every de-
scription, for less money than you can buy Eastern
trash; send for catalogue. 110 McAllister st., S. F.
Cn HKAD OF HORSES SUITAISLK FOB ANY
business 900 to 1500 pounds. Old Turk-st. car
■tables. 1801 Tork: team of tarito young mnlev - '.
/?. r -WAGONS - ANl> CAKKIACJK9. -- ;
ONE GOOD COUPE FOR SALfI CHEAP FOR
ca-h. Apply 3921 California, nr. Second aye,
TVTi W AND-l-KCOND-HAND BAKKR, LAUN-
-+y dry and milk wagon: also ' fine top buggy and
iuck» way. 828 Harrison su -
CITTf KEAL _ ESTATE. >
M£9ftn WILL BUY 4 LOTS 27:9x91 FEET,
tin —OU block 3.- 1 , Fairmount Tract, fronting on
Adnison and • Beacon sts.-- CHAS. C. FISHEK,
507 California st.
$1* tn PRICE RHDUCEK-. 50x125 FEKT;
t$) .1 -JU. E. s'de of i ouclass st . 114 feet N.
of '/"4th; strei-t work done. CHaS. C FISHER,
'507 California st * >■ ';
S' X/» 50:11x114 FEET; X. SIDE VALIEY
«JpUiJw. s t.. 50:11 fe . west Diamond, bet. 28ih
and 29th. CHaS. C. FISHER, 607 California st.
A N uFFKKWAMEU; 3 RICHMOND LOTS;
ft. 1 beautiful corner fronlinu on California St.,
37 :6 feet an>t 2 25-fooL lots on 9th aye; stree;
worn, sewers J sidewalks, etc.,- ail complete.
Mai;K XiaNX, Notary, 602 Market at.
ON EASY TERMS; 5 ROOMS AND BATH;
all modern improvements; new house; on
hosworth st.: near Mission tlectric-cars. Call at
410 Kearny st., room 10.
PLACI-S -TO LET AND FOR SALE: ALL
X parts of ci.y. GEO. W. li. PATTERSON &
CO., 1709 Market st. „
QI«CCfi/\ CORNEK; RENTED 2 YEARS, $35
ifpt)U\J\J. per month: Western Addition. Ad-
dress A., box iO, Call Office.
CC. BEMIS,
. REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
324 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR SALE.
Choice bnlldlnelot on Army and 27th sts.: closa
to electric road. - r
$450— San Carlo* Villa lot: 100x150 feet.
16700— 50x127 16 feet on Jackson St.. overloolc- |
ing the Presidio and bay.
$5500—2 modern houses of H room* «>ach at
riirk: '26x137:6 lent; electric roaa passes houses:
make offer.
*8500-Elej;ant NW. corner of Cole and Carl sts.
*300— Cholc» biiilrllng lots north of park. '
Uancaiu— SW. cor. i-'iftn ay. and <J st : 109x95 ft
THE 3 BUILDINGS ON LOTS RITL'ATKD OX
JL the south side of Stevenson st. beginning 135
feet west of Third and extending sixty (60) feet
westerly. Proposals to be made to R -ID iiRO».,
927 M.irKfit . si. Proposals to state time requireJ
to remove biilldines.
COUNTRY FEAT. ESTATE.
\1 ARIX C 0. —26 MILES FROM CITY; $40 TO
■»»• $80 per acre; choice lands in irnctsof all sizes;
improved farms, chicken ranches, ha}-, grain, fruit
and vege ab e lunds: easy terms; rail and wa.er
transit: good scnools. HOME & FARM CO., 64
Chronicle b:dg.
I £» LOTS, SUBURB OAKLAND, ON ELEO
XU trie line, to exchange. 1105 Van Ness aye.
, LOR SALE-20 ACRES FINE LAND. IM-
V proved; good colony: wi,l take No. 1 piano lirst
payment. Address J. N. THOMPSuN, Kern, Cal.
FINE HOMESTEAD LOCATION: ALFALFA
I lan<*; underwater ditch: wlthiQ few u<iles of
railroad station: $175. Pur.iculars 632 Market
St., room 5, ban Francisco.
RiSAT BARGAIN— ACKEs-; $35 ACRE;
VJT ca i be divilaJ; deep, ricb soil; 4 flowing
springs:, several small improved places cneap;
AianHMl.it o. H. J. DIGG^i-.S, 69 Columbian blrig.
LITTLE HOMES CLOSK TO TOWN; IM-
provel: eas/ terms; also 4 to 12-acre pieces
on 8 anJ 10 years' credit. D. H. T\Vl\u, So-
noma City; every MonJuj' at 63'/ Market St., h. F
SONOMA COUNTY; LITTLK *IOMr-S A SPE-
cialty. a. H. CHESSMORE, real estate agent,
Sonoma, CaL
dh J TO $80; MAHIN CO. IMPROVED AND
•JP^lv/ unimproved land: terms tosnit: fruit, grain,
vegetables: rail and water. R. 65, Chronicle bidg.
<B;K AN ACKE: 1J8!J ACRES TIMBER; GOOD
iipO fur stock or fruit; plenty water. S., box 40.
A, WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS - TO-B
cx WEEKLY CALL, la wraDDer. for mailme.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
A(\ ACRES (CLEAR) FOR LOT JN RlCH-
rtyj niond Tract H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market.
FOR SALE OR KXCHANGE FOR CIT
property— A nice country home, with 6 rooms,
fruit trees, horse, buggy, cow. etc.: suitable for a
shoematcer. fcee owner, 16 Albion aye., nr. 15th st.
MONEY TO LOAH.
BORROW MONEY ON YOUR WATCHES,
diamonds aud jewelry at half the interest you
pay e.sewhere. Ct'T RATE LOAN OfFICE.
room 7, Fiood building, entrance SOt> Market st.
A LOANS ON FURNITURE OR PIANOS,
. In b. F., Oakland or Alameda, at loweit rates;
without removal: no commissions; no delays.
J. NOONAN, 1017 '.o iO2a Mission at., above bixtli.
telephone Jessie 41.
HIGHLY I;E^PKCTABLE AND PRIVATE
place to obtain liberal advances on diamonds
BtiJ jewelry of the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
S;ore, 948 Market st. : telephone Green 204.
flt'-Uin tMU) aT 61 /a CENT ON CITY
<£)O\J\J. \J\J\J real estate; also Oakland: estate*,
life insurance, second mortgage, any sum. Mau-
haltan Loan Co., 10 Mills building, ground floor.
ANY amount: Ist, '*D;OU Hit WOKTtl
estates, undivided interests, real estate In prt>-
' bate: fur:iltur» and pianos wuhoui rcmovi..
j UcCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery «t.. room 3.
1 I OANS ON REAL Ei-TATE B-)ND«, ETC,;
i XJ lowest rates- McAFEE BROS., 108 Mont-
gomery st
ON FUHNITURF., PIANOS; WITHOUT KK-
moval; low inieres'.; no commissions. 1404
Stockton it.
WHY' PAY HIGH INT. ON l-MALL LOANS?
loan at 65c interest per mo. on each $10!)
! en 2d morigage: any security, uold, box 4, C&IL
€iQ9^ nnn Ar **ank rates: vtsaso
iSO4O.\J\J\J 2d mortcages. estate), rents, etc..
Itnd as low as $50. H. MURPHY, 62& Marketsc.
I ANY -A MOUNT O.V PIANO WITHOUT RE-
I ft. movnl; very low interest. 116 McAllister st.
ON tURNMURE; VERY LOW INTEREST;
no commission. BCRIBNKII. 7 City Hall ava.
' T OANS ON RKAL ESTA.TK, BONDS. ETC.;
I ±J lowest rates, by McaKEE BROa, 108 Montgy.
ONEY TO LOAN ON CITY KEAL ESTATE:
any amount WILLIAMS, 214 Pi.ie st., r. 3.
(I].irvo,ooo ON LIFK INSURANCE POLICIES
*Jp 1U low interest.: JOS. B. lOPLITZ, 33J Pine.
s .- i\ Hi $iO,OOU; LOWEST RATE; lbT &2D
<JpOV/ itiorlir. : any proposition. Dryaen. 413 Mont
A NY SUM, I>>T OR 2ND MOKTG..GES. ES-
J\. tatf-s In probate, etc. Rm. 7. 608 California, st
MONEY WANTED.
MOXEV WANTKD TO LOAN MORTGAGIO
•»i applicants; sa*e lo.in;: good income. H. E.
MATHEWS. 120 Suiter st. .
- . ATTORNEYS- AT-L, AW.
ADVICE FREE; PIVOKCK LAWS A SPKO-
ialty private; no fee without success: prol>ate.
Insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale, deeds,
damages, etc. ; private detectives: estab. 10 years.
©. W. HOWE, 860 .Market st, corner Stockton st
7l W. KIN.,, ATTORNEY'-,-, T-LAW, CHRON
XW icle bu:ldiug; advice fiee: lowte.'S: all cases
; STORAGE.
AT LOW RATKS-iUKKITURE. CARPETS,
pianon. household goudu; clean, llgh: com-
panini-rus; advances made. J. MJOXa.V, IUI7
to IUXB Mission st, above htixtn; open evenings.
EDUC ■ D RATES, FURNITUIiE, PIANOS.
II household KOOds.ec J.M I'IERCE. 735 MkU
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENri
j».)i|\A COLONIAL COTTAGE: 1 STORY
«JP»» J UU. ond a half; near Bay-st station;
terms reasonable.
$5000 — A ttuap; house of 14 rooms; large lot;
100x150: easy terms MAKCUSE & RE.MMEL,
Bay-st. station (broad gauge), Alameaa; 628 Mar-
ket st, San Franci-.co; open hoi iJ ay sand Sundays.
m-OOAA SPLENDID NEW COTTAGE OF 5
itr^.OUU. rooms and bath; large lot: near sta-
tion; $300 cash and $25 per month. JOt-EPH A.
LEONARD CO.. 1364 ParK 5.., Alameda.
EXCELLENT opportunity FOR loon,
in manufacturing town of Newark. Alameda
County, Cal.; new . building; rent reasonable;
license lov/. Apply J. H. NOBMANX, 1727
Broadway, Alampda.
TjM-.E PIECE iF PROPERTY FOR 8A L X AT
.Fa bargain: whole or in subiivistom: 169 feet
frontage: 2 corners; 1 corner Improved : on elec-
tric-car line: convenient to I r/iilioad stations.
T. F. BAIRD, l.eal Esute Agent, 1303 Park ,
Alameda. \ ■ ■ ■■- . ■ ■ • > ■ ■'; •■■:': -v..-' --
AIAJIEDA ROOMS ,>NI> HOUSES.
TjHTRNISHED HOUSE OF EIGHT ROOMS
Jr for June and Jnly marine view: nominal rent;
refereucr*. Apply io THOMAS J. DAVIS, 523
MHrketst.
ALAMEDA ROOMS WANTED.
IN AL\M 1)A OR E.-ST OAKLAND. ONE
block from starion, two rooms, kitchen and bed-
room ■ A. X., box 89, C.'.il-..
- KEKKELEY KEAL ESTATE.
ftWßfl A NEW AND MODERN 7-ROOM
L/.'j\J. colonial-style luii'i-; just finished: j
ctric and gas fixtures: cov-d ceilings; porce-
lain bath; open-w.irK plumbing: tine mantel: lot
40x122; electric cars pass floor; 1 bloi'k from
Bericoiey local station: this price includes grad-
ing, macadamizing and sewer, etc. can be had
on terms to suit purcrmser. Apply Immediately
to owner, A. J. sN Yi>EK, 467 N'iuth st, Oakland.
OMLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
.;• OAKLAND KKAL. ESTATK.
FORRKNTIN BEATTTIFUL FRUITVALE—
A nicety fltted-up store, with iiving-rooniH In
rear; suitable for any. kind of business: near rail-
road station. I- or further information appiy to
H. A. 1-LEITNER, Fruitvale station, .
. .
G" REAT BACRIFICK: FROM $5000 TO 93200:
modern cotiagd of 9 rooim and bath: tine
barn; enrriase-house, artesian well, wiiumiil and
tank: obundanceof frnit and flowers; lot 81x207;
locaied on Fruitvale aye. H. A. PLEITNER,
Frnitva;e station. : ?'. I."v1 ."v
O-STORY KOAI>HOUSE IN G lOD CONPI-
•i« (lon, with several rooms, bedroom, barrtom,
lnrge dininx-room. nicely furuUhed: nice garden;
smumor-houses; good loc-tion tor hotel or sum-
mer resort. . A ppiy Ca 1 Office. . . •
ffijX CASH, fo MONTHLY — LOTH $75 A.NIJ
tjpt-' upward; out of 83-acre Ailendale 1 ract. East
Oakland but 72 lots unsold; will build you 3. 4
and 5 room cottae (modern) from $300 to $900,
tncludin.- lot: puyrnent as rent; site, climate and
soil guperb: 3 tieciric roads and fine school near:
conveyance tree. 459 ,\iuth st, bet. Broadway
and Washington. Oakland. H. Z. JONE^, Owner.
FOR SALE CHEAP— A HOUSK OF 9 ROOMS;
high basement, high attic, high loca. Ion; fine
view; lot 2&0xl00: fronts on two str els: uvo car
line* within a b ocic; ulso cneap la-m of 110 acres
8 mill's from Oakland: come and see tbe prop-
erties. I"AY SHAFTER, 97 Clarcmont aye.,
Temescal.
; : : : '
WANTED— RANCH SOUTH OF SAN FKAN-
"» Cisco: will pay cash. Addrest box 7. ca'.l
Office, Oakland.
'• ffIjVFLfJ WILL BUY.: A BhAUTIFUL LOT
•IT' *J\J near s:a- ion; thrifty neiel;boi hood; this
is a bargain: don't fail lo see It: small cash pay-
men;; houses built on installment an to suit
purchhser. BASSETT BROS., Fruitvale Station.
MUST SELL-LOT 223x171, NEAR LaKK
Merritt; good location; $90U. -Particulars
632 Market St., room 5.
<& I (\(\ EACH. 4 LOTS Mh.LKOSE STATION
tJplv/V/ Tract: streetcars and local trains; only
$1 down andsl» week. IX. B. PINNEY, »02
Bioadwav, Oaklaui.
GET A CHOICr ifc-ALTHFIL HOME SITJS
while prices a..- iow; lots tIOO to $150 at
Fitccburq. beyond t'rultvalo; the oest property
for investment now ottered; local trains ani
electric cars: 10 minutes to Oakland and 40 to
San Francisco: splendid climate, out of damp
belt; soil excellent for gardening: very best water
facilities; gooo school: terms to suit. Before buy-
ing in this Jocaiity see the owner of this property,
C. M. hUNKLE. t»lsy a WbsUiugton at., upslairi,
room 28, OaKland. Cal.
OAKLAND FURNISHED KOOMS.
lARGE SONNY RO >MS; GALINUO HOTEL,
J J Oakland; r,oard optional. Bth sU; off Broadway.
Additional Classified Advertise-
ments on Page 11.
ttATISSI SHllVPlJili INTKLLIUrJ-JNCK.
i HARDY CREEK— May 7-Stmr Cleone,
for an Francisco.
USAL— bailed May 6— Stmr Newsboy, for San
Frammco.
i PORT GAMBLE— Arrived May 7-Bktn Cath-
erine snaa n, iience Apr 25: scbr Josepn Kuss,
irom La Libertad. '— *
NEWPORT-Salled May 7-Schr Vesta, from
Port Klaki-lei-.
Ai«.xilAiii-; Lltii.»j^>.
The following marriage Hcens;s have been
lsjued by the County Clerk's office:
Charlei H. i-ictte and Mertha Benz, 39-34.
l.ulolpli Mieulanl Mary Burcb, 28— 20.
J>olph Johnson and Annie Kirnao, 34—27.
JacquM Biiii'i.- an i Maria Laporterie, us— l 9.
Fruz Kddflhuttcl and Uolly >"iebei. 31— 16.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHsT
BOKN.
GRAZER— In this city, April 11. 1897, to the
wife of Dr. F. a. Grazer, a son.
( MACDONALD— In this city. May 7, 1897. to the
wife of U«H»r*» Al Mucuonald. a daughter.
NABtCliiU,
WARREN-MURDOCK-In this city, May 5,
1897, by the Key. Dr. E. K. Dille, William Wir-
r**n an. I H'len Murdock. l both of this ci;y.
IliKJ}.
Ash«r, Mary McCarthy, Margaret
Beban, Rocco McCarthy. Margaret L.
Beujamin, William K. Mcister, Mrs. Louise
Birdsatl. Elizabeth Morgan. Ruih
Bremer, C. H. Oakley, Oliver B.
. Broderick, John 1. Purcell. Elizabeth
costley. An. ile N. . Khdp George J.
Cross, Edwin G. Robert-iou, ■ r Ju'ius J.
Cunningham. Mollie E. Scuueily, Josephine
Damon, Margaret B. Stamp ilia, Marko
Dobbelaar, Mary Stolp, Muriei
Kiliou, Mary Buti-r, Marie
Gillis, Nellie Sutherland, Robert
Hacice, Charles W. Swanson. diaries L.
Inglis. Francli P. Waish, Annie J.
Irvine. James R. Wa.KeareuJer, Tomasa
Jenuings, Frances N. Wesion, Charles W.
Johnsou, Margaret Wimtou, Joha \V.
Lo^khart. Lena M. Wymao, Mary
ASHER— Frienris are requested to be present at
the set " ing ot tne stone of .tiarv, wife of Simon
Asher, TO-MORROW (Sunday), at 2 o'clock p.m.,
at baiem Cemetery. San Mateo County.
BEBAN-In city. May 6, 3897, Rocco, be-
loved husband of Johanna B:bau and fattier of
Lewis,' Isador, Dominick and Geo.-ge Beban,
a native of Austria, aged 64 years.
aS-Notice of fnneral hereaf:er. Remains at
the parlors of McAvoy & Gallagher, 2j Fifth
street.
BIhDSALL-In this city. May 7. 1897. Elizabeth,
wltv of Lieutenant George Birdsali, .a native of
New York, aged 45 years 3 months and 4 days.
BENJAMIN-, i:il« clt-. May a, IH9.V at 2608
I'ine street. William • X.. beloved husband of
trances M. Benjamin, and father of Mrs. D. N.
Place and O. C. Benjamin, a uallve of E ist
' Broom field, N. V., aged 78 years 10 montus
an '17 iiavj. [New \ ork papers please copy.J
49" Friends and acquaintances are respectfully
itivi.ed to auend th» funerai THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock p. v., from st. Paul's
Ep:s oval Church, California street, near Stelnex.
Xntermen: private, 1. o. U. F. Cemetery. Please
omit flowers.
BREMKR— Court Euclelan No. 13, F. of A.: The
officers and memoeis of this court will assemble
at their hail, Alcazar, building, TO-MdKRuW
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock m. sharp, to attend ihe
funeral- of our late grand secretary, c. -' H.
Bremer. By order K. BAKRY, C. R.
C. A. McFadwkn", Rec Sec.
F. of A.— Court ('Olden Era, No. 36, F. of a:—
Ottlcersand meniberiare respectfully rrquest-d
. to assemble at 1 iberty Ha.l. A cuzar building,
12u o'Farrell stree:, '1 0-MOHROW ( -unday), at
1 f..m., to attend tht funeral of our late brother,
C H. Bremer, grand socretary. By order of
THUJdAS MORAN, C, R.
E. A. Smith, Rec. Sec.
F. of A. — Court Wt-sten Addition, F. ol A.;
The officer* and members of this court will as-
semble at Alcnzar building TO-MOKROW (Sun-
day) at 1 2 o'clock, lo ■ ti-nd the funeral of our
late grand secretary, C. H. Bremur. By orJer
' ABE LKVY, C H.
J. H. VoLTiXER, Secretary.
F. of A.— Couri Zenith No. 21, F. of A. : Ofllcers
aud members are respectfully requested to as-
semble at Kide.l:y Hall, Alcazar Duildlng, 120
O'Farrell street, T< -MORROW (Sunlay) at 12
o'cloctc, to attend the fuieral of our late brother,
Grand Secretary C. U. Bremer. By order
A. BRUNs, C. R.
Williah a. Lynch, Recording Secretary.
F. of A.— To the officers and members of Court
Bay City No. 11, For-sters of America: You
are hereby notified to assemble at Alcazar
building TO-MORROW (s nda» ), at 1 :30 oV!o
p. m., to atlend tue funeral < f our deceased grand j
secretary, C. H. Bremer. By order of
M. AKONSUN. C. R.
Attest: R. Liffhask, Fin. Sec.
F. of A.— To the ctlici-ru aud members of Conrt El
Dor..do No. 31, F. of A.: You are heri h.- notiried
to assemi'lea' > oar ha 1 TO-M KKuW (SUN-
DAY), at 1 o'clock p. m.', for th 9 puri>i)Bt-of a -
tendlng the funeral of our late grand secretary,
C. H. Bremer By order A. F. >AOK C. R.
C. Maqinnis, Recording Secretary.
F. of A— Court Inter Nos, F. O. A. Officers and
members: . You uri- hereby notified to assemble
at your hall. Alcazar bnlld us, Tu-MuKßow
(-unuay). at i f I. shirp, to attend the funeral
ot our late brother, < . H. Bremer (zrand sec-
retary). Fines for non-afendanc» accoidtng to
new by-laws will be rictly enforced. ■
. J. vV. SPARROW, Chle Hanger.
BRODKRICK— In this city. .Ur 5, 1897, John T.,
loving father- of Joan T. BroJerick 1 Jr.. and
dearly beloved nephew of .>lrs. Thomas Tier-
ney, a native ot Newbury port, .> Mas 3.. ugud 38
years and 4 days. fNewbur/port (Mass.) pa-
peri please copy, j . - -
aarFrleuds . and acquaintances are respect-
. fnll.v invited to attend tiie funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 7:30 o'clock a.m.. from his late
residence, 911 i-ryant s reei, th.-nee to . St.
' Joseph's Church, Ten:h street. wn<?r* a solemn
requiem mHSs will be celebrated for the reposa of
bis soul, commencing at 8 o'clock a. m. • In-
terment Hoiy Cross Ceoieter/. '
COSTI.EY'— In\is city. May 7, 1897. Annla X.,
beloved wife of Geor*e W. Cos. ley. aanghter of
Fanuie and ib« late PatriCic Sullivan, ani sister
of Patrick. Jennie and Daniel Sullivan. * uiiiv-
of &an Francisco, aged 28 years 8 months and
23 'lavs. s; 1 ■
»tT Friends and acqualntancei nr» respect-
fully lnvitea to attend the funeral MONDAY,
Ma/ : lv, at 9:30 o'clock a. m.. from ; her late
residence, 57 Kausch stre- , thence to St, Jo-
seph's t,:iiurci, where a sol«ma requiem mass wilt
be celebra:ed for the repose oi her soul, com-,
mencing at 10 o'clock a.m. Interment, Mount
Calvary Cemetery. B
CROSS— In this cltv. May 7. 1897. Edwin Neorge.
beloved son of Thorn is aud Emma Crois, a na-
* tive of San Francisco, a.f.-i 2 years 1 month and
13 days. :--.-:•■ «
£9* Friends and acquaintances* nm resne^-
fnilv invited to attend the funeral TO-MORRoW
. - (Sunday), at i . o'clock p. m.. from the resi-
dence of hU pareut^ -36 Day street, betweaa
Twenty-ninth and ThlrMetu. lutermenc 1. O.
O. F. Cemetery. - ; --■-■
CONXINuHAJd— In thl^ cltv. May 6. 1897, Mol-
lie E.. beloved daughter of the late James and j
Ellea Cunuinsh us, aud sister of Katie A. and
Maggie T. Cunningham, a native of san Fran-
cisco, atred 18 years and 5 months. [Xenr Jersey
papers please copy.J • - ..'.
£s"Friend3 and acquaintances and Children
Of St. Mary of M. Joseph's are respect-
inllv invlt-d to a.tend th« fun-ral THIS U.V i
(Saturday), at B:8U o'clock a. m., fr ->m her late
rendeiici.-, 276 Dore sireat, thenc- to S. Jo<epti's
Church for services, commencing at 10 o'clock
a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DAMON— In this city. May 6, 1897. Margaret B,
wife of George D. Damon, a native .of Walter-
bury, Mass., axed 70 years 5 months aad 21 days.
TBojton (Mass.) paDers please copy.J
£9"Frlends and acaualntances ars respect-
fnliy i:ivlt»d to attend tne funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock p. m. from the Howard-
' s.reet- M. E. Cbnrcn, Howard s.reet, between
Second and Third. Intermeut Masonic Ceme-
tery.
DOBBELAAR-In this city, May 6, 1897, Mary,
beloved, wife of captain Jacob D.>bbelaar, ana
ulster of Elizabeth , a native o: Ireland, a;ed
47 years.
SS~ Friends anl acanalntanee? are respect-
fu.lv Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock a- m.. from her late real-
uenc-e. 40 Twelfth stree;. luturiuent I. o. O. F.
Cemetery. " • * V~,;."~'.V
ELI lOTX-In Oakland, May 6, 1897. Mary, be«
loved wile of James Elliott, a native of Count/
Cork, Ireland, aged 66 years.
A3"Frlends au.l 'acquaintances «ri> respect-
fuliv invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from her lat9
residence, 827 Brus.i street, thence toth; Church.
of tbe Im ma:ula.e Conception, where a sol-
emn reauieru mass will ba celebrated for lha
repose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'cloo-c
a. m. Interment St. Mary's Ceraet(>rr, Oakland.
GILLIS— In this city. May 6, 1M97. Nellie, belove I
wife of Cbarlas Gillis. aivl sister of R-v. Father
John Ryan of Moberly. Mo., a native of County
Kilken.iy, Ireland, a<ed 'ii years, f St. Louts
(Mo ) papers Diease copy.J -
gs"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
ful, y invited to a-tend the tunecal THIS DvV
(Saturday), at. 1 :30 o'clock p. m., from her late
resilience. 173 .Minna street, ui-;:ice -v &t. Pat-
rick's ChurcU. where servic-s will be heid for
tbe repose of her sou). Interment Holy Crosi
Cemetery.
HACKE— In Eureka, Cal., May 6, 1897, Charles
\V., beloved son of Chriuopher and Metta
liajke, and brother of FreJerict, Henry and
William Hacke, a native of San Francisco, ageJ
27 voar* il montlis and 26 day-t.
jOTrlends and acquaintances are reap*-"--
fnllviirvliKl to attend tl\e funeral TrflS UAY
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the resideno*
of ills parents, 63J E.ldy street, iuru<;r Larkiu.
Intermeoi I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
MARTIN LUTHER BUND— Members of the
Martin Luther Bund of St. Markus Church are
reauestsd to attend.
INULIS— In thl3 city. May 6, 1897, Francis P.
In;lis, a native of K»n York, aged 62 yean. A
memoer Exempt Fire Company.
8S" Friends and acquaintances and mem-
bers of Crescent KuglUK Company No. 10, S. V.
F. D-, are respectfully invited to attend the fu-
neral THIS DAY (Saturday), at 2:3o o'clock p.m.,
from the parlors of Carew & English. 41 Van
Nes* avenue, near Market ttreet. luierment
Laurel Hill Cemetery. •  ./;v ; ; r .':^.
IP.VINE-In this city. May 6, 1«97. Jamej Kob-
ert, infant son of Jauu. and Sarah Irvine, a na-
tive of Sau Francisco, aged .' year* 8 months and
I 27 days.
%g~ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
• fuliy Invited to attend tne funerai THIS jA %
, (Saturday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from th«
borne of the parents, 118-Vinth street. Intei-
menc Cyprejt Lawn Cemetery, by carriage. ' ■
JENNINGS— in this city. May 6, 1897, Frances
N. Jennln;*. a native of Sau Francisco, aged -
years 3 months and 19 days.
JOUNBON— In this cltv. May 7, 1897. Margaret
Johnson, a native of Ireland, a^ed 58 years.
LOCKHART— In thts city. May 7. 1897, Lena M.,
beloved daughter of A. G. and Ma«ie I. Lock-
hart, and sisier of Athol I. and Aus:ln H. Lock-
bart. a native of Oakland, Ca'... axed 17 years
and 10 months. fNovaScoiia papers please copy. 1
Friends and acquaintances are respec -
fully invited to attend tbe funeral TO-MORHOW
(Snnday), at 11:45 o'clock a. m.. from the resi-
dence of N. F. Macphee, 1609Va Market straat.
Interment Mountain View Cemeiery. Oakland. '
MCCARTHY— this city. May 7. 1897, Margaret,
beloved wife of John McCarthy, and mother of
Dr. John P. and Alar? McCarthy, Mrs. T. F.
Buckley and Hster Mary, Sacred Heart.a native
of Coun:y Donegal. Irelaud. a,-eU 60 year*
MCCARTHY— In nil city. May 6. 1897, Margaret
L., beloved daughter of James aad the la.c
Catherine Alc^arthv. aud sister of Dave Mc-
Carthy, a native ot San Francisco, aged 24 years
and 6 months.
ftirFriends and acaualntances are respaot-
fnlly invited toatiend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 7:30 o'clock a.m., from her late
residence, 29 Boarlmau pUce, between Sixta
and seventh, bryaat and Br.innan, thence to at.
Kose's Church, where a solemn requiem masi
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing uk 8 o'clock a. m. luwrxueai
Mount Calvary Cemetery. -
MEIBTER-In thiscttv, May 5, 1897. Mrs. Louiie
Melsier, a native of Germany, aged 67 years.
MORGAN— Iu this city. May 5.1837, Ruth Mor-
gan, a native of Han Francisco, ajed Si -years 1
month ana 24 days- .
OAKLEY-ln Halfmoon Bay, May 7, 1897, Oliver
8., husband of Annie E. Oakie.-. aativa of
.Sew YorK. aged 81 years. A member ot San
Francisco Loige No. 3, 1. >J. O. F.
j£3TFriend* and acquaintances are resD^ct-
folly invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. m., at 1. O. O. F. Hail,
corner Market aud Seven tii streets. Remains
at tne parlors of Peterson <fc Cj., 228 McAllister
street. lntermens Laurel uill Ceme>ery.
PPRCELL— In this city. May 6,1897, Elizabeth
Purcell, motnerof John and Michael | Purcell
and Mm. H. Welcn. a native o.' Ireland, ageJ Hi
year* 1 month and 19 days.
Jt9~Friends and acquaintance] are respect-
follv Invited to auend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock .a. m., from the resi-
dbnee, 9 south ParK. tuence to -t. Roso's
Church. i!ranna:i street, where a requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at b o'clock a. ii. Interment Holy Cross
Cemeiery.
RAPP-In this city. May 6, 1597. George j., only
and beiovea son of Ueorge ana Theresa Rapp,
ai.d oroiher of Therese K. Rapp. a na;ivo of Saa
i-r.»:iciscJ. aged 8 years and 27 days.
fjTFrlends and acquaintances are respec*,-
fullvinvited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. M.. from the resi-
ueuce of hit pareu.s. 943 caup sLreet, near
Twenty-fifth. Interment 1. O. O. If. Cemetery. ■
BOBr.RT.-UX-In this cltv. May 4. 18-t7, Dr.
Julius J.Robertson, a native of Virginia, agei
- 35 . eari and 2 months.
SCHNEILY— In San Migue'.. May 5, 1897. Jo-
sephine, beloved wife of Joseph .-cuneily, a na- -
. live of New Orleans, aged 67 years. ...
gy Friends and acqualn:ancej ara respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MOKKOW
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from her late
residence, San Pablo avenue, at c ble-car ter-
minus, hmeryvllle, thence to Sacred Hear;
cuurcn, wuere a high mass will be celebrated for
the repose ot he r soul, commencing at 9 o'cioclc
a. M. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
STAMPALIA-ln this city. May 5. 1897, Marko
Stampa ia, a native of Austria, a^ed 44 years. '
sTOLP— May 7, 1897, Muriel, Infant daughter of
F. A. and Addie ilarlari so. p. *
BUTER— in this city. Ma? 6, 1837, Marie, beloved
wife of the late Samuel Suter, and mother •it
Hernv, Sophie and Mary Suter and Mrs. Mil-
dred Quan, a native of Aaran. Switzerland, n-jei
70 years jNe-v Yor< and Brooklyn papers
plens» copy.J ■
Friends and acquaintance! are respec-
fni v invueJ to attend -he funenil TUfs DAY
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock p.m., from her late.
rmiiUnri bO» Montgomery avenue. Inwrmeu.
Maaooic Cemetery.. '.■:-:';. :
SUTHEKLAND-In this city, Mar 7, 1897, Rob-
ert, beloved husband of Janet Sutherland, and
fatr-.er of Alexander J. Sutherland and Mr 3.
James Clyde a native of Catihhesshlre, fccot-
land, aged 65 years
SWAN'SON— In h:i city. May 5. ,1R97. Charles
Lawrence Swanson. a native of California, aged
34 years and 8 months. '
W ACCENREUDE R— ln this city, May 6. 1897,
1 omasa, beloved wife of the late Vitus Wacken-
reuder. anl molheT of Mrs. M. Krause, Mrs.'
Rosa Behnke am Eniest and the lata Henry
Wackenreuder, a native of Mexico, aged- 67
yean b months and 18 aays.
A-STFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fnliv l ivse.l to attend the fnneral THIS DAY"
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock p.m., from her lat«-
residence, 162'J San .Bruno road. ihe. to St.
Peter's Church for services, commencing at 'J
o'clock p. m. Interment ' Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
WAL^H— In this city, May 6, 1897. Annie J.. be-
loved daughter of Patrick and Margaret Walsh,
aid sisier ot Kittle and James Walsh, a native
of san Francisco, aged 23 years. \_*-7->.'
a»-i .-lend* and acquaintance* are respesv-
fu ly Invited to attend the funeral THIS I) \\*
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from the resi-
deuce or her parents, 975 Bryant sireet. tnence
to- SU Joseph's Church, where a requiem high
masi will oj celebratsd for the repose of her
soul, commen6lng at 9 o'clock a. m. | Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. Please omit flowers. .
W KSTON-In thWclty, May 7, 1897, Charles W.
Weston, be oved father of Edgar M. Weston and
brother of Mrs. Myra U»odhue and Allah M.
Wesion of Oakland, a native of New York, aged
70 years. :
WINSTON— In England. April 10, 1897. John.
W. Winsto:i, aeed 34 years.
WYMAN— In San Jose, at Moore Park avenue,
M«y ii. 1897, Mary, wife of Charles F. Wyman, a
native of New York, aged 52 years.
MCAVOY & CALLACHER, I
FUNKRALDIEKCTORS4EMBALMKES, i
20 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
' Telephone South 80.
» ■*.. •■".f.y •'-■■ ■ ■ "•" ■ : . ■ ■ , ~- {
SOTICE.-THEBCSI.NFBt OF Mc-AVOY
& GALLAt-H' X "il. be conducted at the
I old stand. No. 20 Fifth Rtr^et. for the '• benefit
of the widow of the late HI-NKV J. GALLAG-
HER and his sister, MISS ANNIE >•. G.\LLAQ-
HhK. i! US. 11. J. GALLAGHER.
ANNIE B. GALLAGHKK.
' : '
LAUREL HILL
CEMETERY ASSOCIATION
IB PREPARED'TO CONTINUE THE SALB
Of bnrlal plats , and graves in its cemetery anj
glv« deeda -V .> ; ■...:. . .-. ,' -  , ■'..-■.;
Perpetual care of lots will he arranged for at ta«
Faperlntendent's oftica at the cemetery, ' comae
Bush street and Central avenne. San Francisca
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN : MATEO COUNTT: NEAREST CEME-
tery to the city; non-sectarian ; in no sense axt
elusive: location unexcelled." Ofilc* V¥/ *4lfH#
•ueet, Boutiicaji. corner ot sixtu. -
1314
EXPLODED
ALL THE
CHARGES
Report of the Investigating
Committee of the
Grand Jury.
BASED ON TESTIMONY OF
EXPERTS.
No Foundation for the Allega
tions of Carelessness or
Extravagance.
WHOLE GROUND IS CAREFULLY
GONE OVER.
Commissioners "Deserve the Heartiest
Commendation of Their Fel'ow-
Citizans "
The committee of the Grand Jury on
Parks, after a very exhaustive and care
ful inqniry into the transactions upon
which were based the allegations of mis
management, extravagance and even
fraud on the part of the Park Commis
sioners and the superintendent, have filed
a rejiort completely exonerating tho3e
officers.
ExDerts of the hichest standing for
ability and integrity, notable among them
beins; Prolessor George Davidson, were
employed to ma ice measurements and in
vestigations, and their reports were veri
fied by the committee itself, and the
comment made is that "the commission
ers have been and are carrying out their
duties and the trust repo>ed in them in
the best possible manner, and deserve the
heartiest commendation of their fellow
citizens.''
Following is the report in full:
San FRANCISCO, May 4, 1897.
To thf Honorable t tit Grand Jury of San Fran
cifco: Your committee ou parks, etc., having
had the subject under consideration beg leave
to report tiiat a thorough nnd exhaustive
examination has been made of the affairs and
condjiion ot (iolaen Gate Park. Two experts
have been engaged, and every item of expendi
ture and receipt has be<n checked from July
1. 189fi. to April 1, 1897. All items have been
classified and apportioned to the several de
partments, finding all the facis correct, the
totals agreeing with the demands on the
treasury.
The following is a summary of moneys ex
pended for material and labor and for con
struction and maintenance;
Material v*ed for cons' ruction 63,744 76
Material used for maintenance 19,085 20
Labor used for construction i2.?-78 05
Labor used for maintenance 69,732 37
Total $175,110 38
Men employed, including superintendent,
office-boy, secretary and police, were as fol
lows: The smallest number, in December,
1896. 159; the largest number, in March. lß97,
217; avenpe number employed lor the nine
months, 184.
Concerning the consumption of coal, your
committee find from the report of the experts
that all the coal delivered and paid for by the
City and County has been consumed for park
purposes exclusively, and so far as we can
ascertain after a close and critical examina
tion the money has been well expended;
deeming the matter of coal to be of grave im
portance, special care was taken to ascertain
beyond peradventure of a doubt, the exact
amounts of coal bought, delivered and con
sumed at the different stations, such as the
conservatory, lodge' and pumping station;
each load as delivered was weighed at the park
scales by a properly authorized person from
the office, and tag delivered at the lodge.
Test runs were made to ascertain the correct
Consumption for pumping purposes, the details
of which are prepared and fiied with expert's
report; every part has been fully accounted
for; we can find ne.ther waste nor loss.
Total amount delivered trom January 1.
1896 to April 1, 1897, was 551 tons and 130
pounds, at a total cost of $4603 55, as ioilows:
Park Lodae, 35 tons 1770 pounds of
Xamimo. clean (in sacks) $8 79
Conservatory, 92 tons 2040 pounds of Penn
sylvania anthracite, 60 ions 1770 pounds
of Nttnaimo, clean 10 98
Pumping station, 361 tons 1270 pounds of
.Nanaimo 7 19
The stables and appurtenances thereto, in
cluding carpenter and paint shops, were thor
oughly and carefully examined, and we have
to report tnat all ana everything in connec
tion therewith was found in the best possible
condition. The hay, grain and feed in use we
found to be first clags in every particular. The
total amount expeniei for feed from July 1,
1896. to April 1, 1897, we find to be $741875,
which includes medical attendance drugs,
also the labor of four men, two of whom, it is
proper to say, are also employed in other du
ties than that strictly pertaining to the horses
and stables. For the period above mentioned
■we find expended the sum of $457 20 for har
ness, repairs thereto and articles Incidental to
the car- of hi>r-.s and stables of such size. On
July 1, 1896, 54 horses ere on hand; at the
present time there are 47. We especially com- !
mend me policy of the commissioners in pro- ,
curing and maintaining animals that are a
credit to the park, both in appearance and effi
ciency.
The item of loam was a subject of careful
and critical consideration, It was ascertained
that $12,153 99 was exoencied for same from
July 1, 1896, lo April 1, 1897, and that 26,458
cube yards had been received and distributed.
Although at first elnnoe the amount would ap
pear large, a personal examination made the
fact apparent that the need of loam was a
matter of the utmost importance. Of the 1050
ncres composing the aiea of toe park, about
700 acres are well loame<l, and about 300
acres require this imp. irtaut «d junct to pre
serve trees that hove iittuined iroin three to
eight years of growth, but which are threat
ened with extinction if much longer deprived
of this substance. The adV!int>-ge of .oam is
well illustrated on the| north side of the soutn
drive at cb^ut Thirty-second avenue, where
the tall, well nurtured and nch;y verdured
trees growing in loame<l eround form a strong
contrast to tne stuntc-d. sickly looking objects
of the same aEe that «re in sand tnat has not
been loameii for the last four years. A good
substitute for loam has been found in street
sweepings, and in this connection your com
mittee expresses regret that these sweepings
cauuDt be obtained at reasonable cost.
The pumping station we found to be in flr«t
JSTEW TO-DAT.
Her
Pimples, blotches, blackheads, red, rough,
oily, mothy skin, itching, scaly scalp, dry,
thin, and falling hair, and baby blemishes
prevented by Cuticura Soap, the most
effective skin purifying and beautifying
soap in the world, as well as purest and
sweetest for toilet, bath, and nursery.
Boap to •old throughout th* world. Pottk« Dbuo
i»BCmii.COEP., Sole Prop.., Botton, U. S. A
0^ How to Prevent Face Humor*," mailed free.
EVERY HUMOR by Cunc oka Ri mmu, 1 *
class condition and excellent order. Particu
lar attention was given the vertical pumps
and connections, and we find the cos'- there oi
to be $9803. This amount seemed large and
niisht well arrest attention, but after th or
oughly investigating tne subject matter your
committee find that the new pump witn its
capacity of 12,500 gallons more per hour than
the old ones is h great saving in iuel and labor;
that the cost is reasonable and that the Com
missioners have made a wise and economical
investment.
Granite bridge and concrete— On .November
26, 1895, the Board of Park CommUsioncrs
decided by resolution to construct a bridge
across the main drive leading to the new
music grounds an 1 museum. An agreement
was entered into with Gray Bros, to build the
archway according to drawings and specifica
tions furnished liv Edward Swain, architect, at
25 tents per cubic foot. The specifications
were subsequently modified by decrensing the
thickness ot walls from nine feet to two and a
liaif feet, at a saving of about $6000.
Atfer the completion ot the archway the
Commissioners advertised for bids from archi
tects to draw plans and specifications for
granite and concrete work. On January 28,
1896, the plans of bridce submitted by Messrs.
Coxlieatl & CoxbeaU, architects, were accepted
and bids were called for for the granite and
concrete work. On July 27. 1896, the bid of
Alexander McLennon for $27,216 for granite
work was accepted, and Superintendent Mc-
Laren authorized to conter with McLennon
and make the be*t terms for concrete work.
On July 31, 1896, a contract was entered
into with Alexander McLennon to furnisti
granite and do the granite work (except the
lour balustrades and pedestal for statue) and
facing arches of main drive viaduct lor the
Bum of $10,000, granite to be like sample sub
mitted. On August 8, 1896, a second contract
was made with Alexander McLennon ior gran
ite work to the four balluslrndirgs above the
main drive viaduct for the sum of $16,000.
The constru tion of the pedestal was dis
pensed with at a reduction of $1216 from Mc-
Lennon's bid.
On August 1, 1896, the Park Commissioners
entered into a contract witn Gray Bros, for 23
cents per cubic foot for all concrete founda
tion work to the main arches, balustrades and
pedestal to main drive viaduct and for all i
concrete backing to granite work. On com
pletion of the concrete work a settlement was
made with Gray Bros, on the basis of measure
ment and computations furnished by Archi
tects Coxhead &. Coxhead for 24,03111-100
cubic feet, amounting to $5527 3t>.
On January 22, 1397. C. K. Grunsky, engi
neer, at the request of the Park Commission
ers, submitted dimensions and estimates in
detail of quantities of concrete. He reports
the quantity of concrete in the finished struc
ture as 22,943 87 cubic feet (subsequently in
creased to 23,267.68 cubic feet), but says his
estimate does not include four small blocks of
concrete filling, the spaces between tne ends
of viaduct and the wing walls not having any
definite data to make the computation.
Again, at the request of the Park Commis
sioners, Professor George Davidson, consult
ti.g engineer, inspected the reports and figures
submitted by Coxhead & Coxhead ana C. E.
Grunsky; he also obtained from Lieutenant i
Charles L. Potter, U. 8. A. engineer, the basis I
oi his calculation. Mr. Davidson's recompu- |
tationsg-ve 23,267.48 cubic feet. The differ
ence oi 763.43 cubic feet between the meas
ures anu couiDU'.ations of Coxnead <S:Coxhead
and C E. Grunsky he ascribes to the fact that
as the concrete work of the structure had
been finished when Mr. Grunsky made his
measurements, he was necessarily compelled
to take a certain surface line of the work for
the con tact surface between the granite and
the concrete, whereas Messrs. Coxhead &.
Coxhead had measured the actual line of con
tact o every course, and these contacts were
irregular; that a difference oi thickness of
2V£ Inches of the concrete at the contact with
ti.e granite facing would reasonably account
for this 763.43 cubic feet.
With reference to Lieutenant Potter's calcu
lations. Professor Davidson explained the
great difference witn Coxhead &. Coxhead,
Mr. Grunsky's und his own by quoting Lieu
tenant Potter— "that he was simply called
upon to co to the park and look o-ver the
bridge work that could be seen and give nn
opinion of the concrete in place at that time;
that he had no authority to investigate or ,
WUHELM OPPERMANN, a Musician, Who Has Offered His
Body for Sale for $200.
•uncover the work, or 10 consult with the
architect; that th^ work was then not carried
to the top of the concrete, there being one or
two courses unlaid. He was not aware that
there were more than two offsets in the inner
suriace of the concrete, nor iied he any in
formation of the larger buses and their spiny* ;
that the two ba.ustrades to divide the main
drive from the foot pa.-sages were not torn
meaced, and he understood they were to be
granite. The spandrel* were empty, and he
understood : hey were to be filled wiili stone:
that there was nothing In the small plans
furnished him to distinguish granite from
concrete."
Proiessor Davidson asserts that if Lieutenant
Potter had been given the same authority as
Mr. Grupaky and hlmseif to investigate, un
cover and measure the concrete, he would
have arrived at the same results.
We have thoroughly examined all of the re
ports of Ccxhead ACoxhead, Grunsky and
Davidson, and believe them to bo fair and
as nearly correct ns it is possible to calculate.
Ljdge— This buildinz Is but another evi
dence of the good judgment displayed by the
Commissioners iv retiring a structure that is
au ornament nnd a credit to the park, and
conforms to the other improvements recently
made. An examination of lubor and material
accounts convinces r.s that the cost of the
struciun- 1-* vry reasonable. The old lodge
buiidiug had to be removed, and the Commis
sioners disposed of it to the best advantage,
saving the coat 01 removal.
Police — Thi" subject received our enreful
consideration, and we most heartily commend
the manner lv which this branch of th" pub
lic service is conducted. Discipline i- rigidly
maintained, and the men are careful and
alett in everything that comes wituiu the
province of their duties.
Tabulated and itemized statements and spp
clfic reports upon the delivery and consump
tion of coal, hay and grain, the purcln se and
distribution ot loam and water pine, the cost
of granite bridge, embracing all matters per.
taining to its construction, and the cost of
the vtTtical pump are on tile.
The experts report the books and accounts
accurately and neatly kept. Every facility
wa« given your committee to procure the facts
and figures as Riven iv this report, and the
conclusion arrived at is that the Commission
ers have been and are carrying out their duties
and the trust reposed in them in the best pos
sible manner, and deserve the heartiest com
mendation of their fellow-citizens. Sev.-ral
recommendations n ade by your committee
were gratefully received by the Commissioners
Bno will be acted upon by them. Respectfully
submitted, Martin F. Fragley,
C. D. AHK.RNE
Walter N. Brvnt,
AKELTUfI E. Buckingham,
V> II.LIAM E. LUTZ.
WHY ALL THAT CROWD?
Is the question many ladies have asked. When
stept>i ng inside of the Paragon Cloak and Suit
Company they see the rens'>n. Hundreds are
bnyin" fine silk-lined suits at $2750, wortii
$75; $1 \va«sts are going for 25c at the retir
ing sal?, 1230 Market street. •
Barber Fachi Oenles.
S. Fuchs, secretary of the Barbers' Associa
tion of the Pnciflc Coast, who lias been ac
cused by Secretary I. Less of ihe> Free Employ,
ment Bureau o( rnUconductine his office, de
sires to state that there i> no ground for com
plaint. He is> willing to show all books giving
account of tue expenditure of all ices, etc.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 3, 1897.
WOULD BARTER
HIS MORTAL PART
Wilhelm Oppermann Offers
His Body for Dis
section.
Wants Money With Which to
Build Himself an Hum
hie Home.
Tells Secretary Godchaux of the
Hsalth Board That He Will
Take $200
Wilhelm Oppermann, a stalwart, fine
looting German about 50 years of age,
values his body at $200 and has offered it
at that price to the Board of Health, pro
vided tne members are willing to wait
until his spirit has gone to a place where
mortal bodies are not needed. The trou
ble with Oppermann, who is a musical
composer and a teacher of the zither, is
that he is poor.
Of late years fortune has called seldom
at his door and he is haun tea constantly
by the sound of the footfall of the rent
collector. Oppermann called on Dr. Wil
liamson of V.c b ard a few days aeo and
broached the subject of gelling his body
after death. Ho was perfectly serious and
seemed to look on the matter as a legiti
mate commercial transaction. Not cannjr
to speculate in futures Dr. Williamson
referred the musician to the Health Office,
where he conferred with Secretary God
chaux.
"How much do you value your body
at?" asked the secretary.
"Ob, 1 think $200 would be about rif,ht,"
replied Oppermann.
"Now, I thought like this: If I could
sell my body 1 could get a lot by paying
$50 or $100 down. Then I could get a lit
tle house built, and I would have to pay
only $8 a month instead of $13, as Ido
now.
"Money is money these time?, and if I
I could get that I should be very well
pleased.
"If my body is cut up on the dissecting
table I shall not be buried alive, and that
is something I have always been afraid of,
because my uncle was laid in his coffin
tbrne times and once was lowered into a
grave."
Mr. Godchaux advised Oppermann to ad
dress a communication to the board on
the subject, and the musician declared
that h? would do so.
"If I can't make a bargain with the
board," he continued, "I shall offer my
body to some of the medical colleges. I
have no thoughts of suicide or idea that I
am goin£ to die soon, but merely want to
raise money on my body after I am
through with it, just as you would on a
watch that you d'scard because yon have
come into possession of a better one."
Opperrnann lives at '29 Julian avenue, a
iittl» street between Fourteenth and Fif
teenth, Mission and Valencia.
TURNER INDICTED AGAIN.
Frenna, His Nemesis, Brings a
Charge of Perjury Against
Him.
His Clerk ;.n i Stenographer, Miss
Lizzie O'Donnell, Also Inlicted
With Hm
The Grand Jury yesterday returned a
true bill of indictment against J. F.
Tu r ner, real estate operator, and his clerk
and stenographer, Lizzie F. O'Donnell,
for the crime oi perjury.
The crime is alleged to have been com
mitted at the recent trial before Judge
Wallace, wherein Turner was the defend
ant upon a charge of the theft of certain
deeds. Turner had been previously tried
on a charce of bavins forged the deeds
upon which he had borrowed money — sev
eral thousand dollars— from J. P. Frennn,
a barber. The deeds said to have been
forged were stolen during the trial, and
t tie prosecution failed for lack of them.
Then Tumor was tried upon the charge of
having stolen them.
On this trial the deeds were produced.
They differed in essential particulars from
the original deeds ana it is now charged
that both Turner and his clerk swore
falsely when they testified that they were
the original deeds. Miss O'Donnell tes
tified that she wrote fie deeds herself all
at one time. It is alleged that certain
interlineations showing a different hand
and a different ink go to disprove this
statement.
The committee on parks returned a full
report of its investigations of the charges
of mismanagement and financial prodi
gality made against the Commissioners
and superintendent. The report based
upon tne reports of the experts employed
fully exonerates both. It is published in
full elsewhere in this issue.
For the freshest eggs at the lowest cur
reiu prices go to the Fairville Creamery,
411 Taylor atreet.
CHARGED WITH
ROBBING THE DEAD
Homer Love Is Accused
of Many Serious
Crimes.
An Allege 1 Doctcr Takes a Dead
Woman's Wedding
Ring.
Detective Reports Show That the Ac
cused Has Many Living
Wives
One Homer Love, known to the police
as an all-round confidence mnn, larcenist
and bigamist, is wanted at tbe Central
HOMER LOVE, Who Is Wanted for Rotting a Dead Woman.
police station for grand larceny. He is
probably in Salt Lake now awaitine
the appearance of a woman to whom he
is engaged, but she has learned his record
and will not join him.
Though an ex-convict and a desperate
character, Love pretended to be a doctor,
and he assumed to make the cure of
drunkenness his specialty. His office was
recently at 109 Fifth street, where, accord
ing to a report of Detective Anthony, he
recently stole a diamond wedding ring
and fine cape from the body of Mrs.
Elizabeth Lampman just after she bad
died there of alcoholism.
Tbe detective's report shows the follow
ing interesting facts about the record of
Love: He recently had an office at 218
Leavenworth street, then at 20 Sixth and
later at 100 Fifth. In March he took a
partner, Mrs. Inez Robinson of 430%
Minna street, now of Newark, Cal. rie
beat her out of $65 and swindled her
daughter out of $20
On Mnrch 28 Mrs. Elizabeth Lampman
went to his office to be treated for alcohol
ism. She died at the office the next day
NEW TO-DAY
LTMAN J. GAGE,
Secretary of the Treasury, says
"I am well acquainted with Dr. Keeley, and regard him as ■ skillful physician and an ad-
vanced scieutist. li:s remedy has ptTformed many wonderful cures, restoring to tho public
many men of bright talents and intellectual ability, whosu lives have been clouded and almost
destroyed through th* inordinate use of stimulants or narcotics.' His remedy can no loneer
be classed umong experiments, as thousands of have been cured at nis institutes. I consider
Dr. Keeley a gentleman in tlie high sense of that word and a m«n who has won the respect of
the public. His name is a household word in the United States."— LYMAN J. GAGE.
CHANCE OF MAN ACEMENT.
THE KEELEY INSTITUTE FOR THE TREATMENT OF DRUNKENNESS,
THE OPIUM AND TOBACCO HABITS AND NEURASTHENIA ./
Has changed hands. Mr. Ramsey retires, and in future the institute will be under the man-
agement oi Peer Tiffany and William C. Glasson, who have been identified with the institution
for the past five years. - " >'-:"'
THE KBEUET OXTMS
Is indorsed by the United States Government and -used in the Nationnl and State Homes for
lJisabl< d Soldiers. Three thousand patients hnve been cured during the six years the institute
has been located in California. Ladles treated privately. Treatment identical with that given
at the parent institute, Dwlßht, 111. Djn't confusa
the BCEIEIXjiESTEr curiE
With other .*o-called cures which have sprung up iii imitation. There is but one genuine
TyßßijE V IIMSTITUTE
in Northern California. It' costs i more, but it cures more. None of tlie imitation cures can
secure a single drop oi Dr. Leslie E. Keeley's remedies.
THE KEELEY INSTITUTE
: ■■.... (Formerly of Los Gatos),
DON6hOE; BUILDING, 1170 MARKET STREET, SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
W.C.GtASSON,' Assistant Manager.. - PEIiR TIFFANY, Manager. ]
and Love tried to Ret Craig & Co. to bury
her, but they refused to do so without a
certificate, which Dr. J. R. Murdo finally
gave.
Love was seen wearing the dead woman^a
diamond ring, and he offered to give his
partner h?r cape. He then presented a
bill for $300 to the dead woman's husband.
It was compromised for $280 on the advice
of Mr. Lampruan's attorneys.
The detective says Love married a girl
in April, beat her out of $80 and tried to
force her to lead an evil hie. In Septem
ber he is said to have married another
jrirl and deserted her under similar cir
cumstances.
Lovo was arrested for many crimes in
1893, but was always acquitted until July
23, 'when he was sent to San Quentin
from Stockton for three years, which he
serv d. Efforts will be made to get him
here from Salt Lake on the charge of
grand larceny.
It is said that he is now engaged to a
giri who owns property in Ohio, and that
he induced her to agree to marry him,
first disposing of her property in Ohio.
She bought a ticket, as he did, the two
agreeing to meet in Salt Lake, but she
was delayed for a few days, during which
her attorneys discovered Love's record
and prevented the match.
WILL PIONIO AT GLENWOOD.
Annual Outing of the San Francisco
Atbletic Club To-Morrow.
The {fan Francisco Athletic Club holds
its seventeenth annual outing at New
Glenwood Park in the Santa Cruz Moun-
tainß to-morrow, and from the advance
sale of tickets the excursion should be a
big success. The club has appointed a
law and order committee, headed by Alex.
Greggains, to see tnat there is no disturb
ance on the cars or at the park. The ex
cursion will leave the foot of Market
street at 9:16 by the narrow-gauge route
and leave Ulenwood on the return trip at
5:30 sharp.
Long Valley Murderer Here.
Indian "Dick" Bell, who murdered Tom
Tracey, another red man, in the Long Valley
Reservation several months ago, was brought
from the scene of his crime to this City yester
day by a Deputy United States Marshal and
lodged" in the County Jail. "Dick" will be
placed on trial before the United States courts
in a few days.
Christian Endeavorers arc coming, there
fore have your paper-hanging and painting
done now. M. Merigan, 1302 Webster street,
is highly recommended for good and cheap
work. Latest styles of paper 4c, iugrains 9c. *
Dr. Kearney's Promotion.
Dr. James F. Kearney has been appointed
surgeon to the X'nited States revenue cutter
Perry and will leave for Seattle on Sunday.
His labors will be in the Bering Sea country.
»rW TO-DAT-DRT GOODS. /
SACIJCEIALE'
LEADERS
FOR TO-DAY'S TRADE !
Although all our this week's offerings are bargains as the
result of the TREMENDOUS CUTS IN PRICES quoted for our
GREAT UNLOADING SALE OF OVERSTOCK, our rule of offering
extra inducements to our Saturday patrons impels us to
to-day make the following
SPECIALLY HEAVY REDUCTIONS !
COLORED DRESS GOODS!
-t *> „— lO5 pieces 40- INCH ALL-WOOL FANCY SCOTCH CHECKED SUITING,
J-OKj new colorings, regular price 40c, or. special sale at 15c a yard.
OXp— 91 pieces 40-INCH FIGURED ETAMINE SUITING, medium shades, regu-
LdOij jar price 50c, on special sale at 25c a yard.
OX P — 7-' pieces 36-INCH ALL-WOOL OXFORD CHECKS, value for 50c, on special
C,u\j gale at 20c a yard.
QX/»— 5" pieces 52-INCH FINE ALL-WOOL CHECKED DRESS GOODS, fine Value
O'Jij f or 7j C) on special sale at 35c a yard.
CAp- 41 pieces 44-INCH SILK- AND- WOOL FRENCH NOVELTY STRIPED SUIT-
O\J[j LNG, regular price $1 25, on special sale at 50c a yard.
LADIES' HANDKERCHIEFS!
~ o — 300 dozen LADIES' WHITE SCALLOPED EMBROIDERED SHEER LAWN
*J*j HANDKERCHIEFS (slightly imperfect), regular price $1 20 per dozen, on sale
at 5c each.
Ifi/»— 200 dozen LADIES' WHITE SCALLOPED EMBROIDERED SHEER
i-UL> LAWN HANDKERCHIEFS (slightly imperfect), regular price |2 40 per
dozen, on .-ale at 10c each.
1 \o~ 150 dozen LADIES' WHITE SCALLOPED EMBROIDERED SHEER
i-vt» LAWN HANDKERCHIEFS (slightly imperfect), regular price $3 per dozen,
on sale at 15c each.
9^— 100 dozen LADIES' WHITE SCALLOPED EMBROIDERED SHEER LAWN
£iO\j HANDKERCHIEFS (slightly imperfect), regular value $ti per dozen, on sale
at 260 each.
LACES! LACES! LACES!
1 tL p — BUTTER AND IVORY ORIENTAL GUIPURE LACE, 5 to 8 inches wide,
Lu\j regular price 25c, reduced to loc a yard.
9* o -BATISTE LACE INSERTION, linen shade, regular price 40c, 45c and 50c,
uOVj reduced to 2oc a yard.
OXp— CREAM CHANTILLY AND APPLIQUE LACE, 4to 6 inches wide, regular
£*O\j price 45c, reduced to 25c a yard.
6)p 3c, -Jc an<l Sc per yard— VALENCIENNES LACE, in a large variety of
patterns, special at 20c, 23c, 30c, 40c, 50c and bOc a dozen.
LADIES' WAISTS!
OXp— LADIES' FIGURED AND STRIPED WAISTS, detachable collars, tegular
£>'J\j price 60c and 60c, will be closed out at 25c each.
O-p— LADIES' FANCY FIGURED AND STRIPED WAISTS, in all shades, reg-
Oo\j ular price 75c and $1, will be closed out at 35c each.
7 t n — LADIES' LAUNDERED SHIRT WAISTS, detachable collars, regular price
4 Okj $1 25, will be closed out at 75c each.
CHILDREN'S CAPS!
O~ «— CHILDREN'S LAWN AND SILK CAPS, slightly soiled, will be closed out
£iO\j at 20c each.
LADIES' UNDERWEAR!
r A p — 50 dozen LADIES' WOOL VESTS, not pink and white, former price 75c, will
O\3\j be offered at 50c each.
7^^—7s dozen LADIES' NATURAL WOOL VESTS AND DRAWERS, worth $1,
iO\j will be offered at 75c each.
CORSETS I CORSETS !
ry~ _100 dozen LADIES' BLACK SATEEN CORSETS, latest French model, for*
lut inei price $1, will be closed out at 7oc each.
LADIES' AND CHILDREN'S HOSIERY!
1 «*_loo dozen LADIES' FAST BLACK COTTON HOSE, Hermsdorf dye, former
Oti price 25c, will be offered at 15c a pair.
1 - dozen BOYS' HEAVY BICYCLE OR BCHOOL HOSE, suitable for hard
101/ wear and rough usage, will be offered at 15c a pair.
9~— 100 dozen LADIES' OX-BLOOD, TAN AND BRONZE COTTON HOSE,
£O(j double soles and heels, worth $4 a dozen, will be sold at 25c a pair.
n- —100 dozen MISSES' FAST BLACK COTTON HOSE, all sizes, Hermsdorf dye,
._ t)ij good value for H a dozen, will be offered at 25c a pair.
MEN'S FURNISHINGS!
£ —MEN'S WHITE HEMSTITCHED HANDKERCHIEFS, extra large size, marked
O(j down from $1 20 a dozen to 5c each.
C)~ n — MEN'S AND BOYS' TENNIS FLANNEL AND MADRAS OVERSHIRTS
_ •)( made with yoked backs and pearl buttons, marked down from 50c to 25c each
* - —MEN'S FANCY TRIMMED NIGHTSHIRTS, made extra large of heavy mua-
'lOC lin and trimmed with "Cash's" fast color trimmings, marked down to 4sc each.
S\* n — BOYS' FAUNTLEROY BLOUSES, with raffled collars, cuffs and fronts, in a
£O\j variety of new patterns, marked do-vn from 50c to 25c eacn.
rn^-MEN'S UNDYED WOOLEN UNDERSHIRTS AND DRAWERS marked
UVkj down from 85c to 50c each.
CLOAK DEPARTMENT!
Q-t p;rt~" LAI>IES ' BLACK CAPES, in Velvets, Sils and Crepon cloths, fancy Hn-
«]p.L.O" ing an'i trimmed with lace and jet or taffeta rucbiug, regular price $5; Sale
price $1 50.
<fl»-| A~— LADIEH' BLACK FIGURED M.OHAIR DRESS SKIRTS, full width,
JjpX.'it' percaline lined, regular price $2 7o; Sale price $1 45.
GO tt X -LADIES' TAN KERSEY FLY-FRONT JACKETS, lined throughout
tp&mdO with silt, regular price $4 50; Sue price $2 95.
G1 9*;— CHILDREN'S EMPIRE JACKETS, plain colors, trimmed with fancy
tpj. •£•.» braid, size* 6 to 12. regular price $^ Sale price $1 25.
AT- STORE OPEN SATURDAY EVENING UNTIL TEN O'CLOCK.
fmf M^ MURPHY BUILDING, /
[/[/ Martet Street, Comer of Jm /