VOLUME LXXXI.-NO. 130.
INSURGENTS
WILL DEFY
THE POWERS
Getans to Repel Any At
tempt of the Warships
to Interfere.
DETERMINED TO TAKE KISSAMO.
Desperate Condition of the Moslems Cooped
Up in the Town of Sitia, Which
Is Being Besieged by the
Christians.
CANEA, Crete, April B.— The Turkish
garrison at Kiss-amo is extremely anxious
to retire from that place, believing that in
the event of an attack by Christians the
position will not be tenable. The insur
gents notified the foreign admirals yester
day of their intention to attack tne fort at
Kissamo, and it was understood re-enforce
ments would be sent to the Turkish troops
there. Th»*re seems, however, to have
been a change in the plans. It was stated
to-day that, instead of sending further
troops to attempt 10 hold the fort, a war
ship would be dispatched to Kissamo for
the purpose of embarking Moslem troops
there, who would evacuate the position
as soon as furnished with the means.
TRADE WITH TRANS-PACIFIC COUNTRIES.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April B.— "Jim" Hill, president of the
Great Northern, has written a letter to one of the North Dakota Sena
tors touching on the tariff question and incidentally points out the
possibilities of trade in China and Japan. Hill suggests that the tariff
rates in the Dingley bill be so adjusted as not to cut off trade with
trans-Pacific countries. In his letter he says that Asiatic trade is of
the greatest importance to this country, and particularly such portions
of it as are interested in wheat-growing. "A year ago last fall," he
says, "wheat in the Palouse Valley, south of Spokane, sold for 18 and
20 cents per bushel. To-day the same wheat brings 65 and 70 cents.
The province of Amoy alone, which is near the coast, contains 80,000,
--000 people, and at twenty pounds of flour per capita yearly would
consume 40,000,000 bushels of wheat. The large districts of Tientsin
and Shanghai are both easily accessible from the sea and would con
sume about as much more." Hill suggests that growers could ship
wheat from Devils Lake to the Pacific Coast for this trade.
The insurgents have notified the ad
mirals that they will forcibly repel liny
attempt o! warships to interfere with the
design to capture Kis>samo. It is as
sumed that the insurgents will turn their
guns on the warships if the latter fire on
them.
The condition of the Mussulmans, who
have been besieged for a lone time at
Bitia, in the eastern part of the island, is
becoming desperate. They are in great
went, the scarcity of water causing mucn
suffering, particularly among women and
children. The wells in the town are ut
terly incapable of furnishing the supply
necessary, and when the Mussulmans ven
ture toward the springs outside of tbe
is the scene of the recent massacre and shows where troops and guns have been lanoed from a French man-of-war
to protect the Moslems, who are threatened by a force of 2000 insurgents. Siva is situated on the northern side of Crete on »
biy of the same name, some sixty mJea east of Cauea.
The San Francisco Call
town they are driven baclc by the besieg
ine Christians. The warships in the bay
whenever the Moslems venture out rour a
hot fire into the positions occupied by the
insurgents, but they have not succeeded
in preventing them from stepping the
Moslems.
LONDON, Exg., April B.— The Canea
corre'p indent of tne Diily News tele
graphs that the admiral?, having received
instructions to per«uade the Cretans to
accept the scheme of autonomy prepared
by the powers, this morning held a con
ference with the Consuls of >everal na
tions. The matter was considered in
every light, and the conclusion reached
was that there was no probability of sue-
cess, and t c plau was therefore aban
doned. Nevertheless the Russian Consnl
will go to Retimo on his own initiative
and try to arrange a meeting with the
chiefs of the insurgents, to whom he will
explain the benefits of autonomy.
EXGLASIi'h f Ih M STAMi.
Backing th* Greek* for the I'urpote oj
Seizing Suttn Bay.
NEW YORK. N. V.. April B.— A dis
patch to t.ie Herald from St. Petersburg
says: Just at the moment when every
one bad made up bis mind that all the
troubles in Greece and Crete were settled,
and after the bourse had opened buoy-'
antly on the report that Greece had given
way, a very unfortunate counterblast bus
MAP OF SITIA AND VICINITY.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY MORNING, APRIL 9, 1897.
LARISSA, in Thessaly, Where the Greek Troops Are Massing Preparatory to Crossing the
Turkish Frontier*
com* in the postponement of the blockade
and the news of the speech of Balfour. in
which be is reported to have talked of a
union with America in case of war with
France and Russia.
This latter point sounds so remarkable
and improbab'e that had it not com
through the official agency it would seem
incredible. At all eventß it ha^ produced
the strongest impression upon a lur e
party here, whose members persistently
insist ttiat England is backine the Greeks
and wishes to seize Suda Bay. To give an
idea of ti.ese sentiments it has b<»en re
ported that England is about to fo.ee the
Dardanelles
CANADA'S MEW TARIFF.
I It /* Stmi-Officia/fy Announced It Will
Discriminate Against the United
States.
TORONTO. O-nt., April B.— The Globe,
! the Dominion Government organ, to-day I
made an important announcement on the ;
, new tariff bill to b« brought down on
1 April 20. It said:
"Although the Government guards the
tariff proposals with the utmost watchful
: ne«s It becomes more and more evident j
; that the pressure of public opinion in '
: lavor of a nro-British trade policy will |
prove irresistible, and that when the I
tariff comes down it will be found to '
make much greater reductions in the
I classes of goods mainly imported from
, Gieat Britnin than on those from the
State?. A majority of the members favor
something very near absolute free trade
with (Jreal Britain."
WOULD-BK ASSASSIX SLAIX.
Atttmpted to Take the Life of a Mexican
Oori-rnor.
MORELIA, Mexico, April B.— An un
known man made a desperate attempt to
assassinate Governor Aresteo Mercado of
this State while that official was on his
way from Uruapam to Apaizingan. The
bullet went wide of its mark, and one of
the Governor's escort promptly shot and
killed the would-be murderer.
GREATEST
FLOODS OF
A CENTURY
j Conditions Caused by ihs
Alarming Rise of
the Rivers.
VAST TERRITORY UNDER
THE WATERS.
•
I But the Worst Is Yet to Come
and Fearful Devastation
Is Expected.
THOUSANDS BATTLE WITH THE
BREAKING LEVEES.
In the V zoo Delta District There Is
a Pro pet of the Worst Suffering
Ev.r Knwn There.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., April B.— The con
dition of affairs in the flood districts of
the Mississippi Valley is beyond the power
of words to describe. The situation as out
lined yesterday in President McKinley'a
message to Congress far surpasses any
previous experiences. The flood region is
not only more extensive, but from Cairo
down the waters have reached a higher
*tage tban ever known before, and the
worst is yet to come in many place;, es
pecially Louisiana— from the mouth of
Red River down — where a desperate tight
is now being made to stiengtben and hold
the levees against the steadily rising
waters.
This state of affairs does not come or go
in a day, but lasts for weeks or even
months. In the great flood of 1858 the
water at Memphis stood within one foot
or its highest mark for eighty consecutive
days, and the flood that overspread the
St. .Francis and Yazoo districts took sixty
days lo run off.
Above Cairo tbe floods in the main river
and its tributaries while very destructive
in certain localities are not so widespread,
being confined to tbe narrow bottom* and
valleys bordering those streams. Below
the case is very different. The alluvial
region or flood district proper 01 the Mis
sissippi begins a short distance above
Cairo, 111.; at Cape Girardeau, Mo., and
Paducah, Ky., and with a varying breadth
of from twenty to eighty miles, extends to
the Gulf of Mexico. Through thin the
river winds its tortuous length of some
1200 miles on tbe summit of a iow ridge
which it has built up. sometimes inclining
to tbe bluff on trie cant side and again to
those on tbe west. The land sloping back
from its banss to the hisrh ground bring
its surface trom five to thirty feet beiow
the level of the river.
At three points between Cairo and the
month of Red River — New Madrid, Mo.,
Helena, Ark., and Natchez. Miss. — the
high ground on both sid«s approaches the
river, and narrowing the alluvial plain
forms three great flood reservoirs, as it
were, into which the waier backs up from
the main river, or unable to pa^t through
the narrow space between the levees at
these points breaks over and floods the
whole country to a greater or less depth.
In previous flood years sometimes one and
sometimes another of toes* districts have
escaped with very little damage. Only on
a few previous occasions ■ aye all three
been disastrously flooded at the same time.
The water now stands, However, in all
three to a greater height than ever known
before, and each must thus lend its aid as
a receiving reservoir and hold the excess
of water unable to pass through the nar
row spaces at the points above mentioned
until the t-'X on the main channel is les
sened. This may be two months hence.
from the Cairo, or upper pool, the
noodwater can find its way around the
New Madrid ridges to the headwaters of the
St. Francis River, or through RnlfoolLnke
and River to the next pool below. This
includes the basin of the St. Francis, some
10.600 square ruile* in extent, all the coun
try between it and the big river, exctpt
two small nieces of high ground, and all
the low grounds along the Abion, Hatcher
and othrr rivers on the Tennessee side. It
can hold a v«s( amount of water and has
been known to flood until its waters, rising
higher than those in the main river, broke
over the levees from the west until they
were washed away or submerged. The
lev es on the east side, between Memphis
and Helena, are very high and generally
suffice to hold the flood in the St. Francis
reservoir until the water in the main
river goes down. Y"t, on this occasion,
they have broken both nbnve and below
Helena and flooded the Yazoo Delta coun
try, but affording no relief to the flooded
district above.
From Vicksburg to Baton Rouge, La.,
the river hugs the bluff ■> ou the east side
and the aUuvini plain narrows at Natchez
to some eighteen miles, spreading below,
over to and up the Red River. When this
stream is low the surpius flood from the
Mississippi can go by Atcbafalaya Teche
and other bayous over a short route to the
gulf, relieving the country below from
danger. The conditions now prevailing,
however, are such that this avails but little
and the danger of flood threatens the
whole country on botli sides down to N -w
Orleans and over to that city itself, which
is likely to have an experience worse than
when it was inundated some years ago.
The Mississippi, with its many bayous
and tributaries, is well leveed throughout
the alluvial regions. These vary in height
and distance from the natural bank of the
stream in the different localities and ac
coiding to the width of the stream. As a
rule the section between them is more
than double that of the river at the ordi
nary stage of water. Tne laws of Louisi
ana, Mississippi and Arkansas provide for
constant inspection of these during and
after high water, and keeping tiiem some
distance — one to three feet — above the
height of the highest flood. All tbs
levees below the mouth of the Arkansas
River have been strengthened and raised
since the flood of 1803, the highest ever
known: but it avails little against the
present flood. The conditions are unprece
dented.
The total area of the Mississippi ba«in is
1.256.000 square miles, in which 80,400,000,
--000,000 cubic tot of water fall annually;
25 per cent of this, or 22,500,000,000,000,
tinds it* w.-ty to the gulf, at an average
rate of 675,000 cubic feet per second. The
Missouri, with a watershed of 518,000
square milts, has an annual rainfall ot
2.1. 200.000.000,000 cubic feet and di«char<?es
a, 780,000,000. 000. The Upper Mississippi,
with a basin of 160,000 square miles, has
UNIVERSITY BONDS ARE MISSING.
CHICAGO, ILL., April 8. — Endowment bonds to the value of over $400,000 belonging to the Uni
versity of Illinois are missing. They were intrusted to C. W. Spalding, president of the Globe Savings
Bank, which closed Monday. Spalding was treasurer of the university, and as such held over $140,000 in
cash and between $400,000 and $500,000 in endowment bonds. A secret session of the trustees of the
university was held to-day at the Sherman House to hear the report of a sub-committee appointed to com
municate with Spaldiag and secure information as to the funds. When the session ended, almost three
hours later, the faces of the members bore unmistakable signs of great agitation.
Although no member of the board would commit himself, it is learned that the situation is most seri
ous so far as the university is concerned. Spalding has been much in demand by the trustees, but could
not be found. It was claimed by them before the meeting opened this morning that a messenger had been
dispatched to ascertain the exact whereabouts of the banker and also to obtain a statement from him.
President McKay of the Board of Trustees admitted that the board is absolutely in the dark so far as the
$400,000 endowment bonds are concerned. Of this amount $200,000 worth of bonds are said to be nego
tiable, while the remainder are stamped in such a manner as to make it next to impossible to hypothecate
them. The only information that could be gleaned from the trustees after the meeting to-day was the
assurance that not all of the $140,000 cash funds were in the hands of Spalding when the Globe Savings
Bank failed. Spalding w»6 appointed .treasurer of the board at the solicitation of ex-Governor Altgeld.
I 13,800,000,000,000 and discharges 3,300,000,
--000,000. The Ohio basin of 214,000 square
miles catches 20,700,000,000.000 cubic feet
and delivers 5,000,000,000,000 at Cairo. The
other tributaries receive 31,000,000,000,000
cubic feet raiYitall and deliver a much
larger proportion of it than tiie three
larger streams. theYazoo, St. Francis and
Delia streams making as high as 9o percent
return. In 1858 the Ohio first flooded and
REAR-ADMIRAL R. H. HARRIS OF BRITISH NAVY.
Admiral Harris was shot at by a Moslem irregular while crossing a fie'd near
Snda last Wednesday. The bullet plowed the grass at his feet.
increased the volume of the main river
at Columbus, Ky., to 1,190,000 cubic feret
per second. It had pretty well subsided
when the Upper Mississippi rose and
swelled the volume at Columbus to 1,260,
--000 cubic feet per second. This had prac
tically subsided when the melting snows
Continued on Second J^age.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
MORGAN
CHAMPIONS
CUBANS
Declares It Is Time to
Accord Belligerent
Rights.
OUTRAGES TO AMERICANS
MUST CEASE.
Contrary to All Treaties, Sus
pects Are Kept in Loathsome
Dungeons.
IESTIMOSY OF BRUTALITY NOT
FIT TO EVEN EEAD.
Patriots Have Thoroughly Organized
a Civil Government and Sbould
Be Recogniz d.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April B.— The
war in Cuba occupied the attention of the
Senate for nearly two hours to-day. It
came up in the morning hour in tne shape
of the joint resolution introduced by Mor
gan last Thursday, declaring that a state
of 'war exists and that the United States
will accord belligerent rights in its ports
and territory to forces on both sides.
Morgan presented an argument in sup
port of the joint resolution in a dispas
sionate tone and with much less than the
usual bitter invective against Spanish rule.
Lie related several of the recent outrages
perpetrated in Cuba against American
citicens tnere, and spoke of American
citizens in Cuban prisons. He said if
their history there could be lead to the
Senate it would excite in that body a feel-
ing of the most intense indignation. He
asked bow the United States could enjoy
the respect of its own citizens if it stood
by and saw fT^n one American suffer at
toe hands of the Spanish Government.
Contrary to treaty, contrary to interna
tional law and contrary to sacred rights
of humanity, Americans, he said, were
kept languishing in loathsome dungeons2
without so much as a protest from this
Government.
Morgan read from the testimony taken
before the sub-Committee on Foreign
Relations, but said some of it could not be
read without hurting even the delicacy of
men and driving all women out of the gal
leries. The only real burst of indignation
Morgan indulged in was when he declared
that if only one American instead of
seventy-four were subjected to the out
races he mentioned the United States flag
that was not u>ed to protect him was no
better than a rag.
In conclusion, he said that the testi
mony submitted by him to-day would be
followed when ho next took the floor with
proofs that a revolutionary government
in Cuba was thoroughly organized into a
civil government, enacting laws and main
taining a thoroughly organized arm 3.
The rest of the session was devoted to
the consideration of the bankruptcy bill,
Nelson of Minnesota arguing in support
of the substitute offered by him, confining
the law to cases of voluntary bankruptcy.
Neleon declared belief that the passage of
a suitable tariff bill was a crying need of
the hour. His substitute might not be
perfect, but it was an effort in the right
direction. He thought the present a most
inopportune time to press the oanicruptcy
bill. When good times returned the per
manent bankruptcy law should be passed.
Hoar, in charge of the Torrey bill, said
that Nelson's substitute would not meet
the existing need. There were 500.000
poor debtors in the country waiting lor a
bankruptcy bill, and their cases could be
best met by the bill reported by the Judi
ciary Committee.
The movement for the reorganization of
committees, which was started a few days
ago, received an impetus to-day from a
proposition by Chandler, fixing April 20
as the time for putting it into execution.
The matter went over ontil to-morrow.
The Senate at 4 r. m. went into execu
tive session, and at 4:45 r. m. adjourned
till Monday.
HP AIM'S FIXAXCLAL PL Ay 8.
XegoHatlno for a Art* Loan to Carry on
tlie Har in Cuba.
HAVANA, Cuba, April B.— The Spanish
Government is neeotiating with a syndi
cate of English bankers for a new loan,
by means of which tbe war may be main
tained in Cuba until the Corte^ decides
upon some other way of obtaining money.
It is not yet known whether English
bankers have agreed to the proposals of
Spain, but negotiations are being earned
on in London because the bankers at
Paris have refused to make any more
loans. The money asked for by the
Spanish agents is $_'0,000,000 and they
offer 6 per cent interest and for payment
of capital provide a sinking fund which
will bs paid every three months with in
terest.
A dispatch from Madrid says tbe Gov
ernment has decided to issue, in concert
•with the Bank of Spain, a loan of 50.000,
--000 pesetas, which may. if deemed neces
sary, be increased to 100,000,000 pesetas, to
be used in meeting the expenses of war.
It is expected that the Cortes will also
vote further financial aid to the Govern
ment. Later a great loan will be proposed
for the purpose of consolidating the float
ing debt and meeting the old obligations.
Doubt is expressed here as the success of
these financial plans.
JVLIO SAAOV/LLt ARRESTED.
Chargtd by the Sjianiard* With Sending
a J-ilibtixt'rino Expedition.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., April «.—Gen
eral Julio Sanguilly and Colonel Lechun
pa, Cuban patriots, have been arrested
and charged by the Spanish Consul with
sending a filibustering expedition. They
were released on bonds.
NEW YORK. April B.— A special to the
Journal from Havana says: A large in
surgent force recently appeared in front
of fort No. 11, protecting the railway line
between Caibraroen and Remedios and
opened fire with cannon. One of the
shells fell in the middle of the fort, killing
seven men and wounding ten, the rest es
caping. The insurgents then dynamited
toe railway bridge, interrupting commu
nication between the cities. They also
attacked fort No. 12, forcing its surrender
and securing arms and ammunition.
: Tbe r\bel forces under Alexander Rod
riguez and Castillo continue active in Ha
vana province. They again raided Guines
Monday and sacked stores and set tbe
Spanish barracks on fire.
&BA.MSB? SPlt-S OUTWITTED.
The Filibumter Steamer Bermuda on the
ir<»v With Munitions of VTar.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla.., April B.—Span
ish spies and Government officials have
been outwitted and the filibustering
steamer is now on the way to Cuban
shores with a larze expedition. The tug
Kate Spencer is in custody for assisting
her. The tug Spencer has never been
tuspected of filibustering and has not been
watched. Tuesday night she towed the
schooner out to sea. Then, out of sight
of land, she towed a iarge lighter to the
Bermuda and transferred the cargo.
The Bermuda eailed at daybreak with
forty men, 500,000 cartridges, at least 1000
pounds of dynamite, 1000 rifles, one ma
chine gun and 1000 machetes.
HUMBERT'S WANING POPULARITY.
Frigid Reception Tendered tho Italian
Monarch by His Subjects— Growth
of Republ can ism.
LONDON". Exg., April B.— Tne Times
will to-morrow publish a letter from its
Home Correspondent announcing that the
Italian authorities suppressed a dispatch
giving an account of the reception ac
corded by the populace to Kin» Humbert
on the opening of Parliament. Tue
ground fdr the relusal to ailow its trans
mission was that the dispatch was un
true. The correspondent reaffirms that
the King's reception by the people was of
unexampled frigidity." There were frp
quent cries of "Lone live tho Renublic!"
an the King was driven from the Qulrinal
to Parliament.
In the recent elections one district of
Rome elected an outspoken Republican,
while twenty-seven Republicans were
elected in districts outside of the capital.
Enterprising <Jr**e Grant.
HERMOSILLO, Mexico, April B.— Jesse
Grant, son of the late General, is in the
City of Mexico arranging with the Govern
ment for a concession for the establish
ment of extensive sanitariums in Lower
<"aliiornia, in the Thermal Springs region.
He also proposes to establish a townsite,
and will erect several houses and colonize
Americans on an extensive tract.
J- r- Slay or Crieger o; Chicago la Tiffing.
CHICAGO, 111., April 8. — Ex-Mayor
Dewitt K. Crieger is lying dangerously ill
at bis home in (his city. He is suffering
from a complication of diseases and his
recovery is duubtful. Last night he was
resting a 1 tile easier than for several days.
He is attended by a number of physicians,
but they have given out but little hope of
his recovery.
Acquitted of the Charge of Fraud.
NEW YORK, V. V., April 8.-A!onzo
Whiteman, an ex-State Senator of Min
nesota, was acquitted to-day of the cbargt
of passing a bogus check for $680 on the
Columbia Bank here, ,
SECRETARY LONG
IN A DILEMMA
Peculiar Bids Made for
Armor Plates for
Battle- Ships.
The Result Due to the Maximum
Price Fixed by the
Government
None of the Prominent Armor. Plate
Manufacturers of the Country
Submit Proposa s.
"WASHINGTON, D. C, April 8.-There
were many surprised people at the Navy
Department to-day when bids were opened
for supplying the Government with 8000
tons of armor for the battle-ships Ala
bama, Illinois and Wisconsin. It was the
first opportunity of the department to test
the attitude of the armor-plate manufac
turers with regard to the stipulation in
the naval appropriation bill that the aver
a;-'e cost of armor should aot be more than
$300 per ton.
Secretary Long announced that one bid
only had been received. When the so
called bid was examined it was found to
be in the form of two propositions from
the Illinois Steel Company, but neither
was in conformity with the advertise
ment. Both of these propositions will be
rejected. The company offered to furnish
8000 tons at J3OO per ton on condition that
Congress would award it tbe contract for
the entire wants of tbe United States Gov
ernment for armor-plate lor twenty years.
If this were done the firm would furnish
the material at $240 a ton, provided it did
not have to manufacture less than 6000
tons and more than 12,000 tons annually.
The other proposition was curious. It
contemplated the erection by the Govern
ment of its own plant, the Illinois Steel
Company to lease it at a nominal figure
for ninety-nine years and to furnish open
hearth ingots suitable for armor-plates.
Just before this so-called bid was an
nounced, Lieutenant Stone, who was
given the choice by Secretary Herbert of
retaining his position with the Carnegie
Steel Company or resigning his position
in the navy, and who cUose tbe first
named alternative, presented to Secretary
Long a letter from President Schwab of
the Carnegie Compauy stating the reasons
for declining to bid. He said : "With all
our facilities and experience we cannot
supply armor at that price."
The Bethlehem Company's representa
tives 6Ugcested thai if Congress would re
move the limitation of $300 per ton they
could agree on a price not greater than
that paid by any country in the world.
"What the Government will do in view
of| the setback given by the refusals to
bid has not been decided. Congress will
have to untangle the knot. Meanwhile
Secretary Long has reserved his opinion.
GBEftTESI FLOODS
OF A CENTURY
CmUinucd from First Page.
and rains in the Missouri Valley flooded
that stream, which with very high water
from the Tennessee gave the main river a
volume of 1,475,000 cubic feet per second.
This combination, a quick succession of
floods, one coming before the other had
subsided, has rarely occurred — 1815, 1828,
1844, 1858, 1884 and 189J— and even then
the lower part of the basin had little rain
fall.
Now, however, not only have the three
great tributaries combined their floods,
any one of which suffices to put the main
stream up to the dancer line, but all tne
others, except the Red River, are con
tributing an excessive quota. From all
accounts more tban one-third of the
whole annual discharge of the Mississippi
Valley is to find its way to the gulf in a
very limited space of time.
Continuous records of the various
floods, started by Governor Snrgent of
Mississippi at Natchez in 1819, and later
at other points, were kept up until tho
Government began systematic observa
tions in 1841, and the status of all during
that time is well known, as well as the
conditions causing them. These records
show that not only does the present flood
exceed any previous one at any point
from Cairo to New Orleans, but that the
untoward conditions for its subsidence
prevail over a greater area than ever be
fore known and in many cases to a higher
degree.
IS IHB DELIA. DISTRICT
Planters "nd Merchant* Appeal to the
Government for Aid.
GREENVILLE, Miss., April B.— Thou
sands of laborers in the flooded Yazoo
delta are in want. The delta embraces
ten counties and has a population of
nearly 200,000, 70 per cent of whom depend
for daily bread on rations issued by
planters and on credit from local mer
chant!). Planters and merchants secure
advances from money centers on growing
crops. To-day the planters and business
men in Washington County in meeting
decided to call for assistance from the
General Government. A dispatch was sent
to the Governor, to be sent by him to the
Secretary of War.
The Yazoo River, which ia the only out
let for the flood in this delta, is running
up stream from its mouth at "Vicksburg
to Tchula Lake in HoJmes County, a dis
tance of about eighty miles. At this place
to-day the river has become stationary,
notwithstanding numerous crevasses
above and below, and the water is still
higher than it was in 1892, when the high
water record was broken.
VICKSBURG, Miss., April 8 —At 6 p. m.
the river gauge was 49.7 feet, a rise of
three inches in twenty-four hour?. Heels
Bayou and Deer Creek, in the upper delta,
were both putting out an immense vol
ume of water, and all the fine plantations
and towns west of the bank of Deer Creek
are inundated.
NEW ORLEANS, La., April B.— A com
mittee waited upon Captain Derby, United
Stales engineer in command of this levee
district, to-day to ask assistance in closing
the breaks in levees along the Mississippi.
Thuy asserted that unless this was done
the river would entirely destroy the Loui
siana oyster fisheries. Captain Derby re
fused to give anything, declaring that the
$250,000 Bet aside by Congress could not be
used for closing crevasses. It was in
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 9, 1897.
tended for fighting the flood, but a mo
ment a break in the levee occurred the
work of the United States ceased.
CAIRO. 111., April B.— The streets in
the city are flooded to-night. The hsavy
rains of tne past twenty-four hours raised
the water until it finally covered the floors
oi several business houses, and it is still
raining.
BISMARCK, N. D., April 8. -The
water in the Missouri River has risen
four feet since lasc night. A boat-landing
erected by the Northern Pacific Railroad
for the transfer of passengers has been
swept out and telegraph-poles lifted and
swept away by the torrent.
The water has broken through the dyke
at Mandan and Bismarck, and at 8 o'clock
this morning was running into the rail
road roundhouse.
The ice has cone out at Fort Yates, but
is still holding solid at Giencoe. twenty
miles down stream. No trains have ar
rived here since day before yesterday.
FARGO, N. D., April B.— The waters
are receding here and the danger is past.
Hundreds of people are destitute. The
Secretary of War hs^s just wired Mayor
Jo nson of this city asking what amount
is needed for immediate relief. Johnson
wired back $10,000.
ST. LOU 18, Mo., April B.— There is little
change in the flood situation except at
New Orleans, where the river is rising.
From Natchez to Vandalia the situation
is almost hopeless.
Thousands are working on the levees
to-day. Superstitious negroes are throw
ing rabbit feet into the river, seeming
completely terrorized.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., April B.— The
Missouri River is within six-tenths of a
foot of the danger line this rnornine. The
river is reportea to be rising at Leaven
worth, St. Joseph and Omaha. Men have
been called on to throw up embankments.
Armourdale is threatened and a mass
meeting has been called for to-night to
take measure to protect the city.
DINGIEY'S TARIFF BILL.
// Is Thought That Some of the Schedules
Will Be Changed in the
Senate.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April B.— While
the Senate Finance Committee expects to
complete tbe consideration of tbe tariff
bi'l by May 1, differences over the specific
schedules are likely to delay the report
until June. The woolmen are preparing
tc make a stand on lower grades of wool,
and insist on 32 per cent ad valorem.
Wool worth less than 13 cents per pound
shall be guarded by a minimum rate of 6
cents a pound specific duty.
The lead ore people are determined to
i have half a cent a pound more. And yet
I Aldrich and Allison intend to generally re
i duce rates. They want to put pine him
i ber back to $1 a thousand, as in the Me
j Kinley bill, instead of %2 as in the bill be
j fore them. They desire to scale the coal
rate from 7"> cents a ton to HO, and to re
duce the entire woolen schedule so as to
make it tally with the McKinley bill rates,
viewed in the licht o» lower prices now
prevailing.
IN AN ICEPACK.
Perilous Encounter of the Steamer
Brooklyn City Off the Newfound
land Banks.
NEW YORK, N. V., April B.— Scraped
by pack-ice and with her bow stove in by
a collision with an iceberg, the steamer
Brooklyn City, from Bristol March 18. ar
rived to-day. How great the damage is
cannot be ascertained until she is un
loaded, but she bad a narrow escape, and
for two hours steamed blindly through a
sea of peril. Up to April 1 the steamer
bad an uneventful trip. Late that night,
while cautiously steering throuzh an ice
field off the Newfoundland banks, she
bumped into tbe iceberg. The concussion
was not great, but there was an ominous
grinding as tne steamer passed on, with
tne bern rolling along the starboard aide.
As near as Captain Watkins could esti
mate, tne berg was about ninety feet
square and stood about sixty feet out of
tbe water. On tbe evening cf April 2 the
ship passed three Huge icebergs, the big
gest of which was about 1600 feet long.
DJSBTS OF PACIFIC JtAILHOADS.
Senate Committee J-arort the Bill Pra
tirtinrr for a Commission.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April B.—Chair
man Gear of the Senate Committee on
Pacific Railroad? to-day submitted a re
port on the bill reported some weeks ago
providing for a commission, composed of
the Secretary of the Treasury, Secretary
of the Interior and Attorney-General, to
settle the indeotedness of the Central and
Western Pacific railroads growing out of
the i-<sue of subsidy bonds issued in aid of
their construction. The report reviews
the various acts creating the roads and
authorizing the bonds, and the various
unsuccessful efforts in late years to enact
remedial legislation propesed by the com
mittee of this and of other Congresses.
The passagS of the commission bill is
recommended as a business-like measure
and as promising mo re advantageous re
sults to the Government tnan could be
reached by the for eclosure of the Govern
ment liens on the properties.
XEfT JtJECJiPTIoy RX7LKS.
Common- Sen. Method* to lie instituted
at th» tihite 11 out e.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April B.— When
the President ana Secretary Porter return
and business at the White House is re
sumed it is likely that a new code of rules
will be posted conspicuously about the
executive mansion and uptown hotels.
All the principal hotels are now supplied
with a card on which are printed rules
governing the reception of the public at
the White House. The new rules under
contemplation will probably limit the re*
ception of the public to one nour on Sat
urday afternoons. Three public recep
tions are now held weekly, but there is a
disposition on the part of the President to
do away with two of these. Another rule
which will probably be posted will restrict
visits from Senators and Representatives
to morning hours, thereby giving the
President afternoons to attend to business
of state.
Hi:iSSTATI\O USIOX VBT£RA.X&.
Cotnm*n<labln Court* of Secretary of
Agriculture Hilton.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April B.—Secre
tary of Agriculture Wilson has decided to
reinstate all the old veterans with good
military records who were dismissed from
the department toy Morton. Already sev
eral old soldiers have been promoted, and
many who were reduced for "inefficiency"
during Morton's regime nave been restored
to former salaries. Wilson's policy of fa
voring the "boys who wore the blue" has
already commended him favorably to the
Grand Army of the country, and be has
received many letters of thanks from dif
ferent department posts.
To Be Oarer nor of Oklahoma.
Washington, d. c, April B.— it has
been settled that J. M. Barnes will be
Governor of Oklahoma. Ex-Delegate
Dennis Flynn, who has been regarded as
Barnes' most formidable opponent, to-day
admitted thii.
SEAL ROOKERIES
TO BE EXAMINED
Professor Jordan Interested
in Their Preser
vation.
A Special Party to Be Sent to
the Pribylov Islands in
About a Month.
It Will Seek to Determine Whether
the Seals Are Increasing or
Decreasing.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April B.—Some
thing practical is to be done in the matter
of determining whether the seal herds,
which resort to the rookeries on Pribylov
Islands are increasing or decreasing.
Professor Jordan, president of the Lela.id
Stanord Jr. University, a great authority
on seals and fish Jife, spent two or three
weeks in Washington before and after the
inauguration for the purpose of impress
ing upon the officials the necessity of
doing something, and he went home satis
tied with the result of his mission.
After a conference with the Secretary
of the Trsasury, General Duffield, super
intendent of the Coast and Geodetic Sur
vey, has organized a party to visit tt»e
islands t his year. It will consist of W. W.
Duffieid Jr., G. R. Putnam and George L.
Flowers, of tho Washington office, and
Fremont Morse of San Francisco. Gen
eral Duffield hopes to have the party off
by May t but the date of derJSUure will
depend upon the sailing of the revenue
cutter Bear, whiih will carry them to the
islands from Seattle and brine them back,
leaving the islands about October 15.
It will be impossible to complete this
work in one year, or even in two or three,
and for this summer the party will con
fine itself largely to the island of St. Paul,
visiting Walrus and Otter islands, two
small bits of land lying near by. The first
purpose of the survey is to accurately lo
cate and determine the limits of the rook
eries frequented by the seals, and the re
survey of them the following year will
demonstrate whether the herds are in
creasing or decreasing.
£AGJLAAD \i_t.lts WATCJMSG.
Bh» la Sot Doing Her l>utxj in Bering
Sea. ■
WASHINGTON, D. C, April — The
President has decided to appoint a special
j commission with plenipotentiary powers
jto negotiate another agreement with
I Great Britain for the better protection of
seal life in Bering Sea. ■ Negotiations with
two foreign Governments have been in i
progress lor some time. McKinley has
! already selected the representatives of the
! United State?. They are John W. Foster,
ex-Secretary o' State, and Charles S. Ham- !
lin of Massachusetts, who surrendered his j
1 position as Assistant Secretary of the j
Treasury on Tuesday. Both of these gen
tlemen are familiar with the question in
| volved. General Foster was agent for the
i United States in the. business connected
i with the Paris tribunal of. arbitration
i which 'rendered the decision against this
Government and assessed damages against
us. Ham lin has bandied ail Bering Sea
matters under the Treasury Department
for the last four years. He made a trip to
the seal islands to make himself more fa
miliar with ihe condition of affairs there.
The purpose of the Governments o;
Great Britain and the United States in ap
pointing a commission is to devise more
rigid regulations to protect seal life and to
provide for tne better enforcement of the
law than now exists. This Government
toot the initiative in the matter.
Ever since the regulations prescribed by
both countriej in accordance with the de
cision of the Paris tribunal went intoeffect
the British Government ha? not acted its
part to the satisfaction of the United
States.
The regulations prescribe that vessels
found in the close season in the forbidden
zones with arms and ammunition on board
shall be seized and sent to the nearest port
of the country concerned with a prize
crew in charge. Suspicious British ves
sels overhauled by the British patrol have
been merely warned, while the officers of
the United States vessels have endeavored
to carry out their instructions to the let
ter. Another point of objection to the
manner in which the British have acted is
that her Mejesty's patrol has never con
sisted ot more than three ships and some
times only one has been assigned to that
duty.
On the other hand this Government has
maintained a big fleet in Bering Sea every,
year. How soon the commission will
meet cannot be ascertained. Both Foster
and Hamlin are in town, but neither will
talk of the matter.
CHAIRMAN HANNA'S LETTER.
Says Members of Congress Need Proof
That There h a Demand for
Monetary Reform.
INDIANAPOLIS. Ikd., April B.—Chair
man Hanna of the committee appointed
by the monetary conference here in Janu
ary is sending out to business men and
commercial organizations throughout the
country a Jetter urging them to bring
pressure upon Congress to comply with
the demands of the convention. He says
that members of the House and Senate
need proof that there is any demand on
the part of the people for monetary
reform, and if anything is to be accom
plished at the present session of Con r-ss
rigorous measures must be taken. With
the circular are inclosed petitions to be
signed by business men praying Congress
to give relief alon^ the lines recommended
by the conference.
To Eneournqe Sugar- Beet Culture.
WASHINGTON', D. C, April 8.-Secre
tary of Agriculture Wilson intends to en
courage tne cultivation of the suijar beet,
and will distribute gratis to farmers of the
country, and particularly the Northwest,
large quantities of the best seed. Accord
ing to the Secretary's tizures the United
States imports $100,000,003 worth of sugar
yearly, and he wants to encourage home
industry in order to keep part of that s\»m
on these shores. The soil of the North
west is particularly well adapted, as is the
climate, to the cultivation of ttie sugar
beet, which yields as high as 25 per cent
of sugar.
Red .Von'* a>m ii rrtary Celebration.
CHICAGO, 111., April B.— To-day is the
anniversary of the Improved Order of
Red Men. It is being observed this af'er
noon by a reception and banquet under
the auspices of the Tawawa Tribe No. 1
of the order at the Leland Hotel. The
guest of honor is the great incohonee,
Robert T. Daniel of Georgia, and Senator
William E. Mason, together wit • Ralph
S. Gregory of Indiana, will respond to
toasts at the banquet.
MISS MARTIN'S WILL
Magnificent Bequests to Catholic Churches
and Institutions— The Beneficiaries
in California.
WASHINGTON. D. C, April B.— The
wiJl of Miss Winifred Martin, the half
sister of the iate ex-Governor John G.
Downey of Ljs Angeles, which was pro
bated at Baltimore yesterday, bequeaths
more than $150,000 to various Catholic
churches and institutions in Baltimore
and Washington. She inherited most of
tier property from her half-brother, and
until his estate, of which sue inherited
one-fcurth, has been distributed, it cr.nnot
be stated exactly how much she left.
Among the bequests is the sum of $16,
--666 65 to the Catholic University at
Washington, which sura, toother with
an equal amount from each of the two sis
ters of Miss Martin, is intended to founa
a professorsnip at tb« university in mem
ory of ex-Governor Dowaey,
Among other bequests are: $500 to
B shop Mora of Monterey and Los Ange
les; $200 to Rev. A. Maraschi oi St. Igna
tius Church, San Francisco; $5000 each to
her four nephews— J. Downey Harvey.
Peter Downey Martin, Walter Downey
Martin and Andrew D. Martin — and the
same amount to two graudnieces, Anita
Harvey and Genevieve Harvey, all living
in San Franciico; $400 to Mi*s Frances A.
Kelly of Los Angeles, of wtiich $100 is ror
herself, $100 for her eisier Mary, $100 for
her sister Mrs. Harriet K. Cruwley and
$100 for her niece Eva Crowley; $800 to
each of the six children oi Bernard
Gately, a deceased uncle of the
lestatrix, who lived in California;
$800 to Nora Grifhn of San Francises $300
to Kate Gateiy of San Francisco; $30u to
Miss Minnie Gately »vay of San Fran
cisco, a godchild: $300 to Mi-s Minnie
Gately of Alaraed'a; $300 each to Miss
Minnie Martin, M.ss Kate Martin and
Miss Sarah M. McDevitt of San Jose; $600
to Margaret Green of San Jose, c usui of
the testa rix; $400 to Mrs. Maria McCar
del of San Jose; $300 to M ss Sarah B.
Wrin of San Francisco, and $200 to Mrs.
Margaret Egan of San Francisco.
CA.IXFOXNIA.JH a / > WASBIAGTOy.
»». It. Thorpe of This City It After a
Colleetorthip,
WASHINGTON, D. C, April B.— W. D.
Tnorpe of San Francisco is in town. It
is generally understood that he would
would like to succeed Mr. Stanley as
Internal Revenue Collector for the Sacra
mento District.
Colonel Joe Spear, who will succeed
William D. English as Surveyor of the
Port of San Francisco, accompanied by
his wife, left for San Francisco to-night.
Representative Barbara Jeft for Cali
fornia to-day to be gone several weeks.
A. McClellan of San Francisco is at the
Metropolitan, E. Greenbaum of San Fran
cisco is at the Raleifh, S. P. Starr and
wife and R. Speakeman of Ban Francisco
are registered at the National.
bllKA\s COLLECTOR.
A light in l'ro*pect for the 'Hah Com- i
mits ionerahip.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April ß.— Among
the appointments sent 10 the Senate to
day was that of L. R. Woodward to the
Collector of Customs at Sitka, Alaska.
There will be quite a fight for the Fish
commisiionership. Captain J. W. Collins
of Maryland wants to succeed Captain
Brice of California, the incumbent. Cap
tain Collins is said to have the indorse
ment of the entire Maryland Republican
delegation and Senator Wellington. If
this be the case Calif oruians will have a
hard fight to hold their man.
Pacific Coatt Petition*.
WASHINGTON. D. C. April 8. -Pacific
Coast pensions have been issued as fol
lows: California: Original— Francis T.
Moore, B-rkeley; Mark Anthony, Whit
tier; John Hefferman, Veterans' Home,
Napa; John P. Maupin, Escondido; Hen
ry Bane, Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles;
George L. Rich, Maripoaa; John Whaiin,
Oakland; Milton 1.4. Moore, Los Angeles.
Increase — J. H. Raymond, Los Angeles;
Edward Henry. Ban Francisco. Original
widows, etc. — Philena M. Wheatland,
Whittter. Original, special, April 1 —
Mary V. Carroll, Lob Angeles. Original —
Minors of George H. Brown, Nevada City;
Lucy Grace Ornisby, Oakland.
Oregon: Widows Indian wars — Rachel
Chesner, Irvin«.
Washington : Original — William E. Po
len, Puvallup; Alexander Kennedy, Or
ting. Original special, April I—Alvin1 — Alvin I.
Uiterback, Fremont.
Military Irnntfer mnd &itmi*§al.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April B.— By
direction of the Secretary of War Private
Henry bchmid. Light Battery F, Third
Artillery, now the Presidio, San Fran
cisco, is transferred to the hospital corps
as private. Upon receipt ot this order at
the post the commanding officer will order
nim to report to the surgeon for duty at
the hospital.
By direction of the Secretary of War.
Private Louis Vos«, Company B, First In
fantry, now in the hands of ttie civil au
thorities and serving a sentence of im
prisonment, will be discharged without
honor from the service of the United
States.
Confirmed by the Senate.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April B.— The
Senate to-day confirmed the following
nominations: Theodore Koosevelt of
New York, Assistant Secretary of the
Navy ; Thomas W. Cridler of West Vir
ginia, Third Assistant Secretary of State;
Fenton R.-McCreery of Michigan, secre
tary of legation at the City of Mexico;
Captain A. 8. Crowninshieid, Chief of the
Bureau of Navigation.
WiU Xot Obstruct the Tariff Bill.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April B.—Pop
ocratic Chairman Jones, in a letter to a
prominent Democrat, declares that he
will not obstruct the Dingley bill's pas
sage. This is believed to indicate that the
bill will pass the Senate without unneces
sary delay, the D mocratic leaders being
witling to make it a test as a measure of
relief.
Conarenaman Holman Critically 111.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April B.—Ven
erable Congressman Holman, "the watch
dog of the Treasury," is critically ill at
his residence. He was hurt a few days
ago in getting off a streetcar. Since then
he has been in a semi-conscious condition.
I.ib'ld to the Extent of $1 SO.
CHICAGO, 111 , April 8. — Tyndale
Palmer was yesterday given a verdict by
a jury in the Court of Common Pleas lor
$1 50 in a libel suit against the Evening
Repository. The suit is one of the last
of the many similar suits brought by
Palmer against newspapers using a press
dispatch in regard to a land deal. The
petition asked for $50,000. President Me-
Kinley is one of tue stockholders of the
paper.
SOT EL, Mll.lliA BILL.
Under It* Prorition* Colorado May Bare
Women Warrior*. ■ • .
DENVER. Colo., April The new.
militia bill passed by the House and
; Senate introduces a startling revolution
in modern warfare. Under it the Colorado
Guard may in future be composed of both
men and women. The bill has not yet
been signed by the Governor, but there is
little doubt that it will be. Should women
enlist under the new law a change in the
style of uniforms j heretofore ' furnished
will be necessary.
NEW TO-PAT _ J -'-'- -'- -■'_._-■-_- -.-, - -
r^TroH^-rererryya fl a a fl a"6Tnnnf y a 5 a'O'fl 1 i sTsvr»nnnnryinnnpnnnrg'iP
I LIVINGSTON BROS.' i
I Special Sale of Hosiery ]
)o » • • IUK • • •
I To-Day and To-Morrow, [
I April 9th and 10th. I
v We have been well pleased with the great success of the 0
g Introductory Sales held in the respective departments of our %
6 house. We trust that the purchasers have been equally well %
C pleased. We wish to impress the public with the fact that our %
g Special Sales are of true worth, for in every instance we offer «
g Merchandise of SUPERIOR QUALITY at prices ESPECIALLY °
jo LOW. Our Great Hosiery Department merits careful attention ©
t for the. SPECIAL INDUCEMENTS offered for TO-DAY AND «
to TO-MORROW. ©
F ii. Iff a Pair— 1000 dozen LADIES' FAST BLACK COTTON «
g AT |v3C HOSE, re-inforced heels and toes and double soles; regu- %
5 v-^^-» lar price 25c a pair. . . o
U ; ' / o
C ix P^ a Pair— 1000 dozen LADIES' FAST BLACK COTTON £
5 AT £Z}C, HOSE, extra quality, re-inforced heels and toes and ©
» v^'x-' double soles regular price 35c a pair. . °
Ea- £>f.OO a - Pair — dozen LADIES' FRENCH PURE SILK o
r AT. KA%I- HOSE, double heels and toes, in black only; regular <>
£ # m*> vfr« price 2.00 a pair. • °
jo a - |p a Pair— 500 dozen MISSES' AND BOYS' FAST BLACK «
6At ISC COTTON HOSE, sizes 6to B^, double knees, heels and %
(0 v-^^» toes . regu ar pr i ce 25C a pa ij. # o
Jo . • ■ ■ • • .• . - • - : ; ■:'. ; ;.::v o
i? A x F' a Pair— 500 dozen MISSES' AND BOYS' FAST BLACK I
£ AT £r\C, COTTON HOSE, extra quality, sizes 6 to 9; regular ©
g price 35c a pa o
I SEE OtR SHOW WINDOW. i
So • ' o
1° . o
I *^ i
I 123 TO 129 POST STREET. |
JCPJUUULQJWUL^ g-0-9 9 Q s>_B_9_9 P_P P Q 0 P 0 P P_g_o 0 Q. 0 y ,Q 0 0 0 fl ft.J
HE SERVED THE
HAWAIIAN KING
Death of an Ex-Cabinet
Officer of Kame
hameha V.
Had Been a Prominent Repub
lican statesman in the Days
of Line Din.
Hon. S. H. Phillips Ended His Life
Within a Hundred Yards of
His Birtnpiace.
SALEM, Mass., April 8, — Honorable
Stephen H. Phillips died this morning,
aged 71 years, within a hundred yards of
his birthplace.
He prepared for college under Salmon
P. Chase and graduated from Harvard in
1842, and studied law in the Dane School
the three following years, having among
his associates tbe Jate ex-President Hayes,
Chief Justice Lee of the Sandwich Islands
and many other prominent jurists. He
was admitted to tbe bar in 1846, and in
1851 vras attorney for Essex. In 1857 he
was elected Attorney- General of Massa
chusetts, and in 1859 was appointed Judge
Advocate-General of the militia.
In 1836 : c accepted an offer of Karae
bameha V to become Attorney-General of
the Hawaiian Government, making him
one of the four Cabinet Ministers.
At times he performed tbe duties of
Minister of Foreign Affairs, which placed
him at the head of tbe Cabinet, and also
acted as M.nister of Finance. Mr. Phillips
remained in Honolulu seven years, re
turning to th« United Btates in 1873.
For some years he resided in San Fran
cisco as resident <1 irector and solicitor of the
Equitable Life Insurance Company. Mr.
Fhillips was a delegate to the first Repub
lican convention in 1856, helping to nomi
nate John C. Fremont for President, He
was also a dele ate to tbe Republican Con*
vention of. 1861 which nominated Lincoln.
In 1871. whi.e on a visit to the United
States, Mr. Phillips married Mif s Margaret
D., daughter of Hon. James H. Duncan
of Haverhill.
Compulmorii i duration for tlUnoi*.
SPRINGFIELD, 111, April B.— The
HEW TO- DAT.
Madam— what
will you say when
your friends ask
how you like
Jropfip
Baking Powder.
It's rather late
in the day to say
you haven't tried
■*x ' ' -• ■ . ■
it.
121  Tillmsna & Bendel, Mfrs.
compulsory education bill has passed the
Senate, and as it is understood that it is
acceptable to all classes and sects, includ
ing Lutherans and Catholics, it will un
doubtedly become a law in its present
form. It compels every person having
control of a child between 7 and 14 years
of age to cause such child to attend some
school sixteen weeks annually.
ARE YOU
AFRAID OF
What will happen to you if at
some time some one you love
should find out that you are
little more than half a man If
you are you deserve the mental •
torture, because there is no rea-
son for punishing yourself in
that way another moment. .If
you won't be helped you will
have to take the consequence!.
Evil pictures before your eyes
day and night wasting of th«
body; failing sight; no will
power; sudden perspiration
twitchings in the neck and face.
All these show that you are los-
ing your manhood as rapidly as
a fool loses his money when h»
plays with "Confidence men."
In eight days "Hudyan" will
stop your losses, and in thirty
' < you will not be the weakling you
are to-day, but a whole manly
man 1 One that is not at all
afraid of
ANYTHING
OR
ANYBODY. ;
It won't east you one single nickel to
send for circulars and testimonials of
the great "Hudyan" or the "30-day
blood cure" either. Learn how man has
been made in a month. How secondary
and tertiary symptoms fly before the
power of the great Hudson doctors.
Address or call _____ i ■', '. .
Hudson Medical Institute
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sis.,
BAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
Kxxxxxxxxxyooo
AN EXCELLENT
II WE AT Properly prepared and
IVIrY/\ I _ Promptly served, can
***-a-^ * * >A always be obtained in
THE GRILL ROOM OF THE
Decidedly the T"\ A T A /> i r
Most Popular PA AvF
Dining Apart- *• «**.!— < ii %*-*!—<
ment in ■ town. "-'^^^^^^2^^^^^^
<HK>O<KH>d :
DR.MCNULTY.
nL.i!&-?£f X curf ' Private JNervou^BJoM and Skin
™.? P c!T \\ cure * Priv »te,>-ervouB,Biood and Skin
Disuses of Men only. Manly Power restore.). Over
v< rs .x? p * !rleuc *- Send for Booli, free. Patients
n'i^.t « l01 ?^ Terms reasonable. Hoars. 9to I
dai.v.RrTOtnS.SOev'rs. Sundays, M>to 12. fconsulta-
Oon free and sacredly confidential. - Cull or address
P. ROSCOE SeXriiTT, M. ».»
26,^ Kf»iny 8lr»»t. Km Francisco. C»I.
DD 1 1 © U FOR BARBER* BAK-
KKIInnKS 1 '" 1 bootblacks. bsttt-
VllUVlltVlnoiiK«, billiard -tables,
brewers, bookbinders,' candy-makers, canners,
dyers, flourmUls, foundries, iaandries. paper- -
hangers, print en,-, painters, shoe factories, stable*
men. tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
_, -■* ... - BUCHANAN BROS., i •- it "
Brush XanulKcturers. 609Sacrana«ato9hCLEARING OF A
MURDER MYSTERY
One of the Dastardly Assas
sins Confesses to the
Crime.
The Deed Inspired by Anger Over
an Alleged Slanderous
Statement.
A Lot of Valuab'e Eonis Recovered
From the Rcbb:rs Have Dis
appeared.
WICHITA, Kans., April B.— The mys
tery surrounding the murder of W. H.
Orvis of Severy, Kans., the stock man
v ho was sandbagged at the Severy depot
on the night ol his intended departure
for Kansas City in August, 1895, and who
afterward died from his injuries, has
been cleared up by T. N. Webster, now an
inmate of the Hutchinson reformatory.
Orvis, who was a rich Englishman, was
found iying unconscious and badly bruised
beside the depot platform, and his pockets
had been ritied, leaving the impression
that robbery had been the sole motive
for the crime. The robbers got a roll of
bills amounting to $400, $6000 in Govern
ment boiiffo and his gold watch. Upon
the partial recovery of Orvis, he was una
ble to give any description of his assail-.
ants, and no one has ever Deen arrested,
though Greenwood County subsequently
offered a $500 reward for their arrest and
conviction. The injured man died sud
denly about two months after the sand
bagginsr.
In the meantime a letter reached him
very mysteriously stating that if he would
co to Kansas City alone and without giv
ing the detectives a hint of his purpose,
his bonds would be returned to him. He
followed the instructions and the bonds
were restored to him by a man who was
a total stranger.
The confession of Webster is that he,
together with a man named Powell,
planned the robbery and that the original
intention was to kill Orvis outright and
then place hi? body on the railroad track
where it would be mangled by the train
which Orvis intended to take. Powell
etruck the blow and put the bouy on the
track, tiut at Webster's solicitation re
moved it, and the very men who com
mitted the crime gave the alarm to avert
suspicion. According to Webster's state
ment Powell was incensed at Orvia because
Orvis had maiie statements which com
promised a woman with whom Powell was
closely related.
Poweil has been located in Arkansas by
Webster's testimony and County Attor
ney Johnson of Greenwood County, who
has the matter in charge, will cause his
arrest.
The executors of the estate of Orvis
brought suit in the United States Circuit
Court at tort Scott to recover $3000 acci
dent insurance, but the Judge ruled the
case out of courr, declaring that the evi
dence pointed conclusively to suicide.
Ihe Coroner's jury, however, had re
turned a verdict of death from injuries re
ceived at the hands of unknown assail
ants.
Webst-r's confession was obtained by
the officers upon the promise of immunity
for his part in the crime. Greenwood
County offered a reward of $500 for the
arrest and conviction of the murderers of
Orvis.
When search was made for the bonds
which Orvis was known to have recovered,
tte executors were unable to find them.
Orris was infatuated with a woman at
Tojeka and it is suspected that she got
away with the bonds.
RICH MINERAL DEPOSITS.
A Large Area in the W.chiia Mountains
That /s Just Beginning to Be
De ve loped.
WICHITA, Kans., April B.— There con
tinues to be considerable excitement
about the rich mineral deposits found in
tue Wichita Mountains, in the Comanche
and Kio".a reservations, in Indian
Territory. Mining companies are being
organized »t several points in Okla
homa and Indian Territor}'. They
have expert metallurgists at work and
have located quite a number of mines,
both of silver and gold. They have
located the minei according to the
United States statire«, but they seem
debarred from any further entry and work
by the fact that the treaty between the
United States and these tribes — the Com
anche, Arapahoe and Kiowa — forbid any
settlement or occupation of their lands,
either as farming or mining. They are
now taking proper steps to hav3 at least
the best mineral portions of these moun
tains opened np to prospectors and loca
tions of mines.
One assay has been made by an expert
at Phoenix, Ariz., showing $47 worth of
gold to the ton, while silver ami other less
precious metals are also found in paying
quantities. Another assay showed gn]d
bearing quartz running as h gh as $9150
per ton. Tiis mine was located on the
sooth side of Mount Sheridan.
There are tine beds of asphalt formed
into Jakes and so soft that one can run a
stick down two or three feet into it. There
are several lakes of this deposit, and it
continually oozes out of the earth and
has the appearance of thick tar. Around
these asphalt lakes is a continual spring
of sail water in the dryest weather.
Expert geologists say that they are of
the opinion that these asphalt lakes or
streams have their origin in the coal re
gions ot Kansas. One thing very peculiar
about these beds, however, is that there
are mussel shell* to be found all through
them. The fact that they are there is
very apparent, but how they carnn there
is a matter of interesting conjecture.
The strata in most of thete Wichita
Mountains seem to run perpendicular,
showing that their formation was due to
some powerful volcanic action or agency
directly underneath them. Ai: kinds of
minerals can be found in quantities that
would pay Handsomely if properly worked.
Silver in its various sulphate forms can
be found; also iron, copper, slate, granite
and various other quartz formations.
Gold is found most frequently in its dust
formation, being deposited in little cells,
together with iron and silver in and about
the cranuled quartz.
Springs and streams sufficient to run
EiilJs and various mining machinery the
year round are found in the valleys be
tween these mountains, which show the
richest mineral deposits.
This mountainous region ig O uiy fit fox
BRYAN NARROWLY ESCAPES DEATH.
ST. AUGUSTINE, Fla., April s. William J. Bryan narrowly escaped death
or serious injury to-night. He addre«Bed a grett crowd, which afterward
pressed forward to shake lii- hand. Thoir -weight caused the platform to col
lapse, precipitating Mr. I.nan and members of the reception committee, Senator
Frank Coiiover, Clifford Foster, Judge McWilliams and A J. Watts, together
vi a!: the 1 irst United States Artillery band and 100 men, women and children,
into a struggling mass thirty feet below.
R.ivan 'was picked up unconscious, but he soon recovered. His face was cut
and his legs brulned. About twonty-five others were injured.
mining, and will never benefit any man
until it is put in the proper sh«p* to be
legally worked. A few of its va:leys are
good for farming and stock-raising, but
this area is small compared with the
larger portion, which is composed of
mountains, threaded by narrow valleys.
MILLION-DOLLAR CONFLAGRATION.
Heart ot Knoxville, Term.. in Ashes— Two
Lives Believed to Have Been Lest.
Many Irjj.-ed.
KNOXVILLB, Term.. April B.— Two
lives are thought to have been lost and
probably a dozen people badly injured in
a tire that destroyed four blocks of build
ings here this morning in the business
part of the city.
The fire started in a grocery store and
spread to the Hotel Knox, in which were
fifty sleeping guests, next door. The fire
men set their ladders against the sides of
the hotel and rescued most of the inmates.
All are accounted for except L. E. Wil
liams of Springfield, Mass., and W. H.
Hollowav of Newport, Term. It is feared
they were burned to death.
The firemen were unable to fight the
flames to advantage because several large
grocery shops were In the burning dis
trict, and hundreds of barrels of oil stored
in their cellars were likely to explode.
By 9:30 o'clock, after the firemen had
worktd six hours, the whole Chattanooga
lire department had arrived, and an hour
later Hie fire was under control. It did
$1,000,000 worth of damage. During the
fire P. C. Dyer was overcome by excite
ment and was stricken by paralysis. He
fell to the sidewalk, fractured his skuil
and will die. John Bogle of London,
Term.. was burned seriously and will die.
Many others are injured. Eighteen build
ings were burnad in all. among them
being tne largest and handsomest busi
ness and office structures in the city.
The wholesale district was almost wiped
out. It was ouly partly insured.
Drstrutred by Fire.
SHIRLEY, Mass., April B.— The Fre
donia Mill of the Sampson Cordage Com
pany was destroyed by fire to-day. $50,010.
TWO NOTABLE DEATHS.
Horace G. Bird and Robert Cunningham
Pcss Away — Both Achieved
National Fame.
NEW YORK, N. V., April B.— Horace
G. Bird, composer, organist, singer and
choral conductor, died Wednesday at his
home here, rie imluced Patti to come to
Chicao the first lime, led the music in
the Wigwam when Abraham Lincoln was
nominated for the Presidency, and at the
dedication of Bunker Hill monument in
Boston sang a solo part in the dedication
song. Ha was born in Watertown, Mas:?.,
sixty-seven years neo.
Robert Cunningham died of apoplexy
to-day. He is said to be the man who
gave out the news whicn caused the Black
Friday panic of 1809. As the story goes,
he happened to be in the teleeraph office
and overheard the message from the cec
reiary of the Treasury to the sub-treasurer
saying that $4.000, 000 in gold would be
soiii by the Government. He gave infor
mation to Fisfc and Gould. Gold dropped
from 160 to 135 and the panic followed.
UMl*y MISHIO-\AKT CO>FEItEXCB.
Grand Gathering of JJitsines and Stu
dents at 2*ittiburr/.
PITTSBURG, Pa., April B.—Represen
tative divines norn different parts of this
country and abroad participated to-day in
the opening exercises of a union mission
ary conference held under the auspices of
250 students of the three theological semi
naries in this city. Amonir those present
from abroad were Rev. Dr. Hunter Cor
bett, Hie veteran missionary to China;
Rev. Dr. F. L. Somerville of New York,
who has just returned from an extended
tour to the missionary fields of Syria;
Evangelist Bell of Chicago and Professor
W. G. Moorehead of the United Presby
terian Seminary at Xenia, Ohio. i'he
conference will continue for two days.
••SOUXIi JUOMJEX."
Aeir Monthly Publication Appear* at
Chicago
CHICAGO, 111., April B.— The National
Sound Money Leugue, the headquarters
of which are in this city, has just itsued
the fir?<t number of a monthly paper en
titled "Sound Money."
It idvccates the goid standard, the
gradual retirement of greenbacks and the
enlargement of national bank circulation.
The officers of the league are: George
E. Leighion, St. Louis, president; Gusiav
rf. Sci.wab. New York, chairman of the
executive committee; A. B. Hepburn,
New YorK, treasurer; C. I. Hutchinson,
Chicago, associate treasurer, ana E. V.
Smalley, Chicago, general secretary. The
league is a non-partisan organization.
BRITIbH U \ llit.lt Ot O £IiMA*X.
It Manifests Itnelf in the Organimation
Of n I -rr 7<< ■-.
LONDON, Exg., April B.— The British
feeling against Germany which came into
existence in this country when the present
Emperor first began to manifest his anti-
Eugli-h proclivities, and which was fanned
into a fl ime by the Emperor's recent tele
gram to President Kruger, has taken tangi
ble form in the organization of a secret
movement which is to be known as the
"British Anti-German League." The Gov
ernment bill now before Parliament pro
hibiting the importation of prison-made
eoods is. it is known, directed mainly
against Germany, while another recent
evidence of the feeling against that coun
try is the protest of British waiters against
the bringing over of Grman wuiters to a&
sist at the Queen's jubilee banquets.
The objects of the newly formed league
have not yet been defined in print, but
they are stated to be a promotion ana
cultivation of a sentiment against Ger
many and everything bearing the stamp
of that country and the boycotting of
German trade-men, of whom there are
thousands in London alone.
In a circular for private distribution
issued under the anspices of the league
it is declared that the sole mission in jife
of the German Emperor, who is half mad
and will probably «nd his days like Georpe
111. under restraint as a lunatic, is to
thwart England.
The circular declares that the German is
to be found iy every occupation in Eng
land, and that the country is harboring a
nest of enemies whose chief purpose in
life is to oust th« native Englishman and
to spy upon him in every walk of life for
the purpose of using thJ knowledge thus
acquired to his detriment.
'1 he Germanizing of England, it is tie
dared, must be stopped, and Germany
must be regarded us the chief enemy of
the country. German influence ia stated
to have penetrated Parliament to such an
extent that there are over twenty mem
bers o! the House ol Commons of that
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 9, 1897.
orisin in the supporters of the Salisbury
administration.
The court, too, is crowded with high
salaried Germans who hold places in the
army and navy above the heads of Eng
lishmen.
The circular concludes by declaring that
the German bacillus hud affected the en
tire nation. "Every patriot," it says,
"must lie up in arms against the German
iz nc of England, so ihpt we may make it
manifest to the mad Emperor and the
multitude upon whose neck he tramples
thai we an» aware of his animosity, that
we recard Germany as our chief enemy,
and that we will be prepared when the
occasion arises to show by our deeds that
a nation which in' great part owes its ex
istence to our blood ana money shall be
sternly taught the reward of international
ingratitude. 1 '
It is understood that a member of the
House of Common? was recently dissuaded
from questioning the Government regard
ing the league and its legality by the per
sonal intervention of the Marquis of Salis
bury, who was fearful that if the matter
were elevated to the dignity of parlia
mentary discussion it would give cause to
the young Emperor to break loose once
more with his tongue or pen.
ENGLISH MILITARY DUBS
Why the Fi:ti Battalion of the
Scottish Rifles Was Dis
banded.
During a Drill They Appeared in
Such a Slovenly Condition It
Created a Sensation.
LONDON, Eng., April B.— There was a
sensation among the volunteers and
militia of the country over the disbanding,
by order of the Secretary of War, of the
Fifth Battalion of the Scottish Rifles, BuO
strong.
The disbanding is the outcome of a re
port made by Sir Francis Grenfell, wbo
was sent by the War Office to inspect the
battalion, the latter being given twelve
hours' notice to appear on parade.
The report in question leads more like a
piece of exaggerated American humor
than a serious official statement to the
Government.
It was shown that some of the men
appeared for drill in their slippers. Dur
ing the drill the officers and privates ad
dressed each other by their Christian
names. The swords, riflas and other ac
couterments were in an astounding con
dition of rust and general uacleanliness.
Three of the officers kept saloons, and
took turns in supplying liquor a; the
shooting ranges, and another officer was
a plumber who repaired the targets.
One colonel was shown to have sold 18,
--000 rounds of ammunition furnished by
the Government to a rifle club.
One officer, when ordered to put the
corps tbroueh battalion drill, was found
to be ignorant even of the words of com
mand. The disbanding of so large a bat
talion and under such circumstances is
without precedent in the history of the
War Department of this country.
PORTO RICO'S REVOLUTION.
It Would Seem That the Movement of
Insurrection Was Suppressed
ct the Start.
NEW YORK, N. V., April B.— Mail dis
patches from Porto Rico say that the revo
lutionary movement there began March
24, when an insurgent band under Jose
Nicolas Quinones attacked the town of
Yauco. Two other bands appeared later
at La Quebrada de Yauco and Sabana
Grande.
Copies of newspapers from San Juan
and Ponce to March 29, brought by pas
sengers on the eteamer Senior, say that
the movement was suppressed at the star, t
Most of the insurgents surrendered. It
is admitted by ton.c newspapers, how
ever, that some forty men remained in
the field and that several Spanish col
umns had started for Torres Hills; where
the insurgents under Velez and Cubano
had taken retuge.
TROUBLE IN THE\TRANSVAAL
Large Section of the Couniry in Open
Revolt — British Troops Leave
for the Scene.
LONDON, Exg., April B.— A dispatch to
the Times from Cape Town says tnat ad
vices rece.ved there from Delagoa Bay an
nounce that the country bordering on
and across the Limpopo River, forming
for many miles the northwest and north
ern limit of the Transvaal, is In open re
volt.
It.is added that the situation is serious.
Troops are leaving for Delagoa Bay by
the steamer Carnarvon. A furthor upris
ing is expected in Mapuialand.
CAPE TOWN, South Africa, April B.—
A dispatch from Vreyburc says that the
volunteers have captured and burned the
insurgents' stronghold at Guissepe. Lieu
tenant Harris was among the kilied.
CHILEAN .UiJUY ni&SEXIHOXtI.
Officers Meet and Plot for the Memorial
of General Korner.
NEW YORK, N. V., April B.— A Herald
dispatch from Valparaiso, Chile, says:
The Ley, an ultra-Radical newspaper in
Santiago, has disclose i certain facts with
regard to the situation in army circles
which have bad a disturbing effect upon
the public mind. The paper say* that re
cently a meeting of great significance was
held at the house of General Canto, a
division commander, at which were pres
en four other generals and two colonels.
The paper declared that the object of
the meeting was to frame a petition to
the Government for the removal of Gen
eral Korner as chief of the military staff.
The Government papers at first denied
the truth of the alleged disclosures made
by the Ley, but it now seems to be ad
mitted that such a meeting was held and
10-duj the Chileno, the Porvenir, the Ley
and other papers say that the Government
has investigatrd the matter and will
adopt severe disciplinary measures against
General Canto and all those who took part
in the criticism of General Korner.
General Canto was the chief of the
revolutionary army of 1891, which over
threw the Balmac?da Government.
Itaxlroad < otnbiua t<> . Uiitnor Denied.
MONTREAL. Querec, April B.—T. G.
Shauhnessy, vice-president of tlie Cana
dian Paritic Railway, states that the re
port m New York that a traili.: arranse
ment had b?en effected between the
Canadian Pacific and the Great Northern
and the Northern Pacific railways, with
regard to transcontinental and Pacific
Coast business, is not true.
HAWAII IS IN
JOYFUL MOOD
Action of Congress on the
Treaty Delights the
People.
Mrs. Dimond's Attorney Makes
a Statement of His Conduct
ot Her Case.
Those Japanese Immigrants Still
R. fused a Landing— Another Ship
load on the Way.
HONOLULU, Hawaii, April I.— The ar
rival of the Australia, with the news of
the favorable action of Congress on the
Hawaiian treaty and the tariff on sugar,
Has brought joy to the planters and the
whole people, for all here are more or less
dependent on the price of sugar. The
good news that the treaty is likely to bo
continued in force for another Presiden
tial term pleases everybody.
At the headquarters of the Annexation
Club there is also joy, it being announced
that the prospects of annexation at Wash
ington were never better. Your corre
spondent learns that the news was con
tained in a letter from a close friend of
President McKinley, who intimates that
Hawaiian affairs will be attended to after
the tariff bill is passed.
The Evening Bulletin of to-day an
nounces the appointment of "William A.
Kinney as Special Commissioner toWasu
ington and an interview with President
Dole confirming it. Mr. Kinney goes in
the interests of annexation and will carry
the answer of the Government to certain
queries made from Washington in the last
mail. Mr. Kinney is a brilliant young
member of the Honolulu bar, a fluent
speaker and an ardent annexationist. He
was formerly in partnership with Charles
L. Carter, the only victim of the late revo
lution.
In a published and signed statement A.
S. Humphries, one of Mrs. Carrie H. Di
mond's attorneys in the trial of Her divorce
case, refutes the statements made by her
in certain San Francisco papers that he
advised her to withdraw her appeal on
the ground that certain members of the
(supreme Court were related to Mr. Di
mond, as was also the trial Judge, A. W.
Carter. He says in part:
In justice to myself 1 wish to deny in toto
every reference to Judge Carter as to his de
cision being controlled by his relationship to
Mi. U.mouii. lam not now aware that there
is any relationship, either by affinity or con
sanguinity, and was not when the case was
being i ried or since.
My reasons lor advising my client against
an apj.eai was based upon the evidence in the
Circuit Court and upon the actions of Judge
Carter throughout tne trial. At the close I
declined 10 argue the case, but I too* occasion
to thank Judge Carter lor the fairness of his
ruungs and tic learning he displayed in trv
iug the case. There were many things brought
out in evidence, which while not clearly prov
ing the charges ot adultery, certainly influ
enced Judge Carter, and would have iuilu
enceQ any other fair-minded Judge in the same
way.
Mrs. Dimond's statement that I advised her
to compromise her case is unqualified
ly false. 1 hud heard that Mr. 1/imuud
wa* willing to give my client a sum of
money to enable ncr to go to her home in
lowa. I sent ior Mr. Kinney to inquire if the
report was correct and he referred me to J. O.
Carter, tromhiml learned that some auch
arrangement might be made, and I afterward
learned from him that the amount Mr. L>x
moua would pay was $1(XK).
I then called on Paul Neumann, senior coun
sel in the case, and reported the matter to him
ana asked his views. Personally I was opposed
to her accepting the money Jrom a hand
which she scorned and which I felt satisfied
acorned her. 1 presented my views to Mr.
Neumann and we agreed that I should advise
her against accepting the momey. I then sent
for Mrs. Idinoud and told her what
could be obtained, but cautioned her
against accepting it, as it would bar her
from making any statement to her friends. It
is the privilege of any person who loses a case
to tell their friends the trial was not fair and
that justice was not meted out; any one can
say that, whether it is the truth or not.
I told Mrs. Dtmo:.d she had better leave
here without a dollar with the verdict against
her than to accept money from the man who
had charged her with an offense, and of which
she had been convicted in the court. I went
even further than this, and ottered to advance
her B'ifficipnt money to enrry her to any point
in the L'nittd States and reiy upon her father
to reimburse me. Sue preferred the $1000
and signed a letter to that effect. Here it is:
A. 8. Humphries— D-eau Su: I hereby author ze
you to eff. eta settlement of all my matters upon
i lie best leruis which you can make. Very respect
fully. tAKRY HIQLKY J'lilOSD.
On March I wrote J. O. Tarter taat I would
close the matter up for #1000. the same to be
applied as per schedule lurnisned. Mr. Carter
responded tiiu next day, ucoepiing ou beliall
of Mr. Dimond the proposition I had made. 1
accepted each of tliu conditions named, but
requested (hat the draft for $450 be made on a
San Francisco bank rather tnan on Williams
Dimond & Co., for reasons which 1 felt sure he
would appreciate.
The settlement of $1000 was made and the
money paid as agreed on, Mrs. Dimond receiv
ing no more, no less. 1 regret exceedingly
that Mrs. Dimond has given out the impres
sion in San Francisco that unless a person is
related by family or religious ties they cannot
get justice In the Honolulu courts. As her
attorney I can say, and without violating any
of the confidences which exist between lawyer
and client, that the trial ot the Dimond case
before Judge Carter was as fair as li could have
been in any court in the world.
The Japanese brou.ht here by the Sa
kura Maru and refused a landing, 224 in
all, are still confined at tbe quarantine
station awaiting the arrival of a steamer
for the Orient. Captain Brady of the Sa
kuramaru and William G. Irwin & Co.,
the agents of the Nippon Yusen Knisha
line, pave a joint bond in the sum ot |C>ooo
that they would be returning on the rir.st
steamer to Japan and their expenses paid
while here. This was done to allow the
Sakura Maru to make her regular trip to
Seattle without risking any trouble with
the United States authorities over the un
desirable immigrants she carried as pas
sengers.
Another Japanese steamer, with some
700 more immigrants, should be on the
way here unless stopped by cable message.
Her passengers will be subjected to the
same rigid examination as tbe last two
lots, and undoubtedly a large proportion
will be sent back.
Tne Chinese colony is making preat
preparations io receive the Chinese Min
ister to the United Biates, who is due here
on the Gaelic on the 3d. It is possible he
may not be allowed to land on account of
quarantine regulations.
K!Vltl.t.-MAK r.lts JT WAX.
One Ohio Company tsuei Another for a
r-itf,>t Infringement.
CINCINNATI, Ohio. April B.— The
Miami Cycle Company, of Middietown,
Ohio, manufacturers of the Racycle wheel,
has brought suit in the Unite i States
court against the Union Manufacturing
Company of Toledo to restrain the latter
from using the crank-hanger on which the
former claims to have a patent. Suit is
not only brought lor infringement of pat
ent but also for an accounting of profits in
the manufacture of all wheels that have
their crank-hangers on them. It is
claimed that other suits will be brought
against the manufacturers of nearly all
wheels for royalties on this crank-hanger.
4 1 rtnpormrij Jitceieer.
NEW YORK, N. V., April B.— George
Norris was to-day appointed temporary
receiver oi iuc L. t. Deac Company,
NEW TO-DAY CLOTHING.
All we ask of you to do is to look at what other stores are showing, examine
closely the tailoring of the garments, look at their antiquities and ancient styles,
get their prices, and then come to us.
A r ot only do we cut their prices in half, but what else do you get ?
THIS IS
"W"P3" T YOU G-ET T
You get the pick from the only new stock in all San Francisco.
You get the pick from the richest and choicest buds gathered for Spring.
. ' • You get the very cleverest and new ideas of the swell tailor's shops of both Eu,
rope and America.
THESE YOU Griii 1 X 1
AT
]/*^/ : \ ' (ft «,/ " fdf^vf
j^vM i w_y v^p4
A %*o# ' %s, * -^ 1
Li !te 4 Hi / -./^a
/CSS* • c? ' \ X
*9* \ W I 4lr v ■/ w
m Js^ l 'ft-d--2MLBsbßaJ£x.,*
OUR
BIG
CORNER
WINDOW
Shows these remarkably clever garments.
They're the very newest Spring styles.
The colorings are marvel ously hand-
some. They're the top notch of high-
class art tailoring.
We merely made the introductory
price $8.50 to popularize and to launch
our Spring business with a hurrah. It's
gone beyond us. It has proven one of
the greatest successes in our remarka-
ble onward and upward history.
T^^t"^^" \ ■»"'»v(/ D*^M^ g^*^T |I^^ I i^"p|* f~j g^
9, 11,13 and IS Kearny Street;
TWO 3EJ3XT»I7I3FI.JEJ JBX7ZXjiX>XZa-O-S FXiOORS.
THE FABRICS
Represent Scotches, those very nc^tty
Worsted Serge Cheviots and those very
clever Athlone Tweeds, colorings for
dress wear, colorings for business wear.
Such a grand aggregation of high-class
Suits were never seen in this city or ever
held under one roof and especially at
such a tiny price,
—$8.50—
THE STYLE
OF GARMENTS.
That distinguished and dressy look-
ing garment, the Cutaway ; that awfully
jaunty and swell looking garment, the
Double- Breasted Sack, and that true
Spring garment that always looks well,
the Single- Breasted Sack.
How they look and how they appear
can best be judged by the crowds that are
daily attending this sale, and also by a
peek into our big corner window.
34
FACE STARVATION
IN SEEKING GOLD
Miners Along the Yukon
Confront a Scarcity of
Provisions.
Fiour Sells for Fifty Dollars a
Sack in the Cloudyke
District.
Though Hunger Threatens, Fabulous
Discoveries Nerve the For
tune-Hunters.
SEATTLE, Wash., April B.—Sensa
tional news, and apparently of a most re
liable nature, as to rich gold discoveries
in the new, but already famous Cloudyke
district, came via the steamship Mexico,
which arrived from Alaska to-day. A
correspondingly unfortunate condition
pertaining to the scarcity of food supplies
at Cloudyke and towns on the Yukon are
also reported.
Edward Thorp, who went in last June
with a herd of cattle; Hup;h Day, the Gov
ernment mail-carrier; J. E. Binet.Charles
Lamb, William McKenzio and George
Rounds, constituting a party of six, have
just returned from the Yukon. They say
the stories concerning the extraoidinary
richness of the discoveries in the Cloudyke
district have not been exaggerated in the
least.
Thorp arrived there last fall and spent
the winter along the various creeks tribu
tary to the main stream. The prospects
thus far located. Thorp says, are on Bon
nanza and El Dorado creeks. The amount
oi gold contained in many of the claims,
which has been computed with a reasona
ble degree of accuracy by sinking pros
pect holes in various portions of the pay
streak and taking an average of pans of
gravel from each one, is almost incredible.
In these districts 10 cents to a pan is
considered paydirt, but Thorp solemn ly
declares v<&\. there are many claims yield
ing from $5 to $100 to the pan.
Even richer discoveries were made by
FranK Berry, owner of No. 6. at El Do
rado. A single pan has yielded $338, in
cludine a nugget worth $2SB. Berry oper
ated his claim almost all winter, paying
his laborers $1 25 an hour. He located the
pay streak for a width of 150 feet, averag
ing three feet in thickness, the full width
of the claim. Good dirt is encountered
immediately under the muck (which in
that locality is about nine feet thick) that
yields from 8 to 25 cents to the pan, but
the pay streak is not considered to have
been struck until 75-cent dirt is reached.
Fan after pan taken from the bedrock on
this claim ran from $150 to $200. It is
reported to have almost staggered the be
lief of the oldest Yukoners.
Berry's expenses have been about $150
a day all winter, but he is said to have
enough gravel lying on the dumD ready to
be washed oui to eaual a fortune of six
figures.
"I was standing near Berry's dump one
evening," said Thorp, "when Mrs. Berry
came down from the cabin to call her hus
band to supper. While waiting for him
to come up the shaft she picked up over
$t0 in coarse gold and nuggets that were
lying loose in the gravel, just as it came
from bedrock, not live minutes' time be
ing occupied in doing it."
But notwithstanding the abundance of
gold there appeared to be, at the de
parture of Tborp, grave danger that starva
tion would run some ot the miners in the
Yukon a very close race before the spring
supplies of provisions reached them.
At Cloudyke Hour is selling at $50 a
sack — $1 a pound. There is none to be
had at Forty-mile, and Circle City is with
out bacon. No game to speak of can be
found anywhere in that section. It costs
$1 a pound to take provisions from Circle
City to CloudyKe. "Beans are selling at 30
cents a pound at Cloudyke and 15 cents at
Circle City. No sugar is to be had at
Cloudyke, and any grade sells 25 cents a
pound at Forty-mile.
Meanwhile the Canadian police, as cus
tom officer?, are getting in their deadly
work in the way of collecting duties. On
the cattle tnkeii to Cloudyke, Thorp had
to pay a customs duty "of 20 per cent of
their price.
W OO D LAND'S CONVENTION.
Epworth League Delegates Discuss Meth-
ods of Advancing the Chris
tian Cause.
WOODLAND, Cau, April B.— The sec
ond day's session of the Napa District Ed
worth League opened this morning with
an immense attendance. The first paper
was on "Reverence and How to Cultivate
It." It was written by Mrs. If. L. Tur
ton and read by Miss Kate Amos, both of
Napa. A general and interesting discus
sion followed.
Rev. J. L. Case of Guinda read a paper
on "Methodism and the Moral Life of the
Community," which was followed by a
discussion. "The Christ Life, a Service of
Love," a paper by Miss liertua Clarke of
Guinaa, was one of the best of the con
vention. The free parliament was led by
Miss Alvord, who gave an undress on how
to get all members to take uurt in the de
votional meeting. Tub provoked a
lengthy and ?ntertaining discussion.
"The League and Bible Study," in which
Rev. S. G. Hale was to lead, was omitted,
and consecration services, conducted by
Rev. EL E. Thompson, were substituted.
At the close of these services the noon re
cess was taken.
Dr. J. T. Berry of Chicago arrived on the
noon train and participated in the delib
erations of the convention this afternoon.
The doctor is the editor of the Epworth
Herald, a paper that has a weekly circula
tion of 100,000 copies.
This evening at 8 o'clock Dr. Berry de
livered an address, taking for his topic
"What We Arc For?" Dr. Berry is a
charming and convincing speaker. He
held the attention of his audience from
beginning to end.
Tue delegates will depart for tbeir
homes to-morrow.
ADVENTURE NEAR UKIAH.
San Franc/sco Deputy Sher.ff Rescues
Two Young Women From a Swollen
Torrent.
URIAH, Cal., March B.— The story of
an exciting rescue by a tsan Franncisco
Deputy Sheriff of three companions, who
were threatened with drowning Jn the
rain-swollen river, came to light here to
day and has caused much comment. De
puties "Jim Degan and "Jack" Tracy of
Sheriff Whelan's force came up with two
insane patients who had been committed
to the a- yium, and alter landing tlieir
charges at the institution started out to
ace the sights during the few hours that
intervened before their train for San Fran
cisco left. Meeting two youni; ladies of
their acquaintance they decided on a drive
to Vichy Springs and procuring a team at
a liveiy-stable started on their trip.
The Russian River is still high from the
recent storms, and the ford that is gener
ally used was covered Ly a roaring tor
rent. The horses were making their way
carefully across and were up to their
flanks, when the carriage wheels suddenly
caught on some object on the bottom and
the vehicle *tuck fast. The animals were
urped on, but the only result whs the
breaking of the wliiftietroe and the de
camping of the fricluened steeds, leaving
the occupants in water that was running
so swift that it threatened to overturn »he
carnage. It seem«d madness to attempt
to wade ashore, but there wat nothing
else to be done, and Dvgan. who is over
six feet tall and very powerful, leaped in to
the water and struggled toward shore.
Finding that the water did not carry
him down stream he returned to the car
riage, and taking one of the ladies on his
shoulders landed her safely on shore after
a hard battle. The second was also placed
on dry land, and then Degan took com
passion on his iriend. Deputy Tracy, who
is snort and stout, and made a third
journey ashore with him.
Decan was exhausted and wet to his
armpits, but he caught the horses, with
the aid of a boy who happened along, and
eventually got the carriage out and to a
place where it was safe. »
LOSS OF THE THETIS' MASCOT.
Seamen of the United Slates Vessel
Mourn the Death of Their Fa
mous Dog, Turpin.
SAN DIEGO, Cm... April B.— The
United States coast survey vessel Thetis,
which left this port on January 9, steamed
into the harbor at this afternoon,
after a cruise of several thousand miles
down the const and up the Gulf of Cali
fornia as far ns Guaymas- There was
mourning aboard the vessel, for the The
tis' mastiff, Turpin, had been lost on the
trip. Turpin was a faithful canine which
was born on the Thetis, and tDe seamen
looked upon him a- a comrade as well as
a dispenser of goid fortune.
"Turpin was born nboard ship one hot
day — February 17, ISS7— as the Tnetis was
crossing the equator on her way up from
rounding the Horn," said a brawny sailor
in telimg of the loss. "His mother was
down in me forecastle, where some of the
boys bad made a bed for her, wtier Turp
was born, fc-he was a water spaniel.
"From that day Turp became the prop
erty of the men— and didn't wo take good
care of him? — for we loved the dog;
couldn't help it, he was so blamed smart.
He would c.inijb up the mast and perch
himself in the crosstrees ween we was at
sea, and he could scent a storm long
afore the barometer indicated anything,
and he knowed all the navies of the world
by heart.
"On the 20th of February last, just two
days after Turp's tenth birthday, we
dropped anchor near Fichilinquo Island,
in the Gulf of California, where there is a
United States Government coaling Bta
tion. Turp jumped overboard, swam
ashore ana wanaered off alter a rabbit.
That night he aidn't return, and the next
morning & searching party was started
alter him. The island is a rocky desert,
with no water but a few alkali pools that
no ordinary dog would drink out of, much
less Turp. Two days later we found him
dead beside one of the pools. We brought
him back and buried him by the shore
with military honors, all the officers and
men taking part, and built a monument
of stone? with the American flag in tlie
center over his grave. That's the story
andthat's why we ain't feeling to sporty
as we might."
CAUGHT AT SACRAMENTO.
Arrest of a Jewelry Thief Wanted for
Robbing a Los Angeles
Woman.
Sacramento, cal., Avrii B.— a
negro giving the name of Henry Williams
fell into the hands of the police to-day,
and a search of his person resulted in the
discovery of a genuine bonanza in valu
able jewelry. In his vest pocket was
found a magnificent gold watch, the case
being set with diamonds, rubies and em
erald*. From other portions of his attire
were taken diamond pins, ladies' diamond,
rings and other gems and jewels, and his
pockets contained a number of valuable
silk handkerchiefs.
Williams was dressed in the height of
fashion and was seeminsiy very indig
nant over his arrest, eventually becoming
so abusive that it was found necessary to
apply the handcuffs.
At the jail Hall made what he ciaimsto
be a full confession. He says he is 19
years old. Three years ago he commi ted
his first crime in robbing O'Kane's jewelry
store in San Francisco of some $1500 worth
of diamonds. He escaped with his booty
to Chicago, but in attempting to dispose
of it was arrested and returned to Sau
Francisco.
Because of his youth he was sent to the
Whittier Reform School. Last Friday he
was paroled and obtained a position at
the Marlborough Sc&ool, at Twenty-third
and Oafc streets, Los Angeles. Not satis
fied with the treatment he received, he
i*itole the jeweiry found upon him from
Mrs. M. A. Pierce, who is connected with
the school.
He went to San Francisco, pawned one
of the rings and Durchaseci his stylish out
fit, and then came to Sacramento. The
Los Angeles officials have been notified,
and the truth or falsity of his story will
be ascertained to-morrow.
SMKA M L.S I o CKVSAHE.
tntrnt on Sujtpretaing Gambling, Offi
cers Arrrtt tha Proprietor of a Hotel.
SACRAMENTO. Cai,., April B.— A most
determined attempt is being made on the
part of th 9 local authorities to entirely
suppress all the gambling games through
out the city. Not only ore the dealers
and onlookers being arrested, but com
plaints have been sworn out and war
rants issued against the proprietors of
houses in which the games have been con
ducted charging them with misdemeanor.
Yesterday William Land, proprietor of
the Western Hotel and the State House,
and who is one of ttie wealthiest men in
the State, was arrested and charged with
renting the clubrooins in his hoiel, and
to-day Angus Rosp. who is well known in
sporting circles, was abo arrested on a
similar charge. Tha chargos will come
up for hearing before Judge Davis on Sat
urday. The arrests have created no little
excitement throughout the city.
Philanthropy of Sttcramtntan*.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., April B.— A deed
of trust was deposited with the Connty
Recorder to-day by Albert Bonnheim and
wife creating a memorial fund, the pro
ceeds of which are to be expended in de
fraying the expenses of worthy boys and
girls, without regard to race, color or
nationality, in obtaining an education.
The nucleus of this fund amounts to
nearly $15,000 and will be added to from
time to time and invested in good paying
securities. A board of trustees has been
appoiuted and it is provided that the
fund shall be perpetual.
Sentenced to bottom I'rUon.
SACRAMENTO, Cal.. April B— Judge
Hart to-day sentenced Patrick McGinnis
to Folsom prison for three years and
James Reynolds for five years, for re
ceiving stolen property. The two men
found ?1100, which had been buried on
Wood Island by Charles Denicke, a fisher
man, and squandered it. Reynolds was
the leader oi a gang of river pirates.
Ami 7.i for Honolulu.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., April B.— The cruiser
flagship Philadelphia sailed at 3 p. m. to
day tor Honolulu, with Admiral Beard s
lee aboard, under sealed orders. It bsd
1200 tons of coal aboard and a year's
equipment and provisions, and expects to
reach the islands in five days.
tarth quake in J ortnoia
VANCOUVER, B. C, April 8 -A se
vere earthquake occurred at Girau, For
mosa, ou February 14 at 12:30 o'clock.
In that town alone fifty houses were de
stroyed and 120 damaged, while fifty-six
persons were killed ana over one hundred
injured.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 9, 1897.
REVENUE CUTTER
RUSH IN FLAMES
Fire Breaks Out in the
Galley of the Little
Vessel.
Crew Works Valiantly and Soon
Has the Conflagration
in Check.
Splendid Discipline cf the M n Saves
One of Uncie Sam's Ships From
Destruction.
SAU6ALITO, Cal., April B.— Fire broke
out late this afternoon on the United
Slat6B revenue cutter Rush, which is lying
just off cjausaliio. Smoke issued in clouds
from the cutter, and people stationed on
the hillsides in Sausalito, rrho noticed the
dense volumes, brought word into
town of the conflagration. On board
The Revenue-Cutter Rush While Fire Raged in the Hold.
the revenue cntter everything was done
according tn drill, and, owing to the sys
tem, the officers were able to successfully
combat the flames.
The lire started in the galley, and was
discovered by the quartermaster on guard,
who immediately reported, and the cap
tain in command gave the lire signal,
bringing the entire crew out. Men rushed
from every direction and took their
places. Some came ?n undress uniform,
Navigator Johnson bein^ one of these.
H« was shaving at the time, and his feet
were innocent of shoes. Nevertheless he
obeyed the summons.
In less than one minute three large
streams were turned upon the blazing gal
ley. The paint caused the Muoke to issue
in dense volumes and gave ttie impression
that the entire vessel was 01: fire, but
after a vigorous onslaught by the crew the
flames were quenched.
One of the officers, Navieator Johnson,
was *een by a representative of The Call
this evening, lie said that the tire start
ed from one of the pipes in the galley and
would have been quite serious bad it not
been discovered immediately. As it was
but slight damage was done.
"The fire drill on the Rush," said he,
"is quite perfect, and in less than forty
seconds we had three larpe streams of
water playing on the blnze."
The Rush caught tire in Bering Sea last
year and the men and officers ha 1 quite a
tussle before the blaze was extinguished.
There are thirty-five men on the revenue
cutter una all answered the fire summons.
It took but a short time to subdue the
flames and this evening, save for the
smell of burned wood and paint, it would
not be known" that Uncle Sam's stanch
little craft had undergone such an experi
ence.
WON BY STANFORD'S TEAM.
Santa Clara College Baseball Nine De~
feated by the University
Players,
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., April
B.— While the Banta Clara baseball team
DUt in a little more ragged game than it
did against Berkeley a week ago in its
match with Stanford this afternoon, the
game abounded in pretty plays and inter
esting features. At the close of the ninth
inning the score was 11 to 4 in Stanford's
favor.
In the first inning Stanford opened hos
tilities by scoring lour runs by heavy bat
ting. Thompson brought Beckett and
Clemana in with a home-run hit over the
left-lielder's head. When the visiting team
cawe to bat Beckett gave three man their
bases on balls, and a man was forced
across the home plate. "Witn two men
out Sharp, who played right lield. made a
sensational running catch, and the side
was rejtired -vith bu; the single acore.
In the third inning Wi?ht hit safe,
stole second and succeeded in reaching
home on Cl«mans' two-base hit. Thomp
son again connected with one of Kaliey's
swift curves and brought in Clemans, two
tallies being added to Stanford's score.
In the last half of the same inning
Taber Knocked a slow grounder to Clemans
and beat out the throw to first. lie stole
second and third. Kclley drove a long liy
to center lield, which was properly handled
by Thompson. After its having been
caught Taber made a dash for home and
scored a tally.
Longhead of Stanford scored in the
fourth inning, bnt after that no runs were
made until the first hail of the ninth. In
thm inning Stamord scored four more.
Weli-placed hits by Cluiuans, Thompson.
Klauber. Lougbead, Freeman and Jeffs
were responsible for these runs. The
Santa Clara team was unable to even up
matters at all when its tnrn to bat came.
JFIIZ.*IMJUO*S jMtzayASfT.
He J>idicutc» the Idea That < orbttl I rll
from a Clianrr JHotc.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., April B.— Corbett and
Fitzsimmons are stopping at the same
hotel— the Planters.
'•They can talk, about that being a
chance blow that knocked Corbett oat,"
said Fitzsimmont:, "but it's funny how
Sharkey, Hail, Maher, Dempsey and oy«r
a hundred minor fighters have been put
out by the same chance blow.
"A middle-weijrht righting a heavy
weight, virtually with one hand, is not
likely to knock him out accidentally. I
simply outgeneraled Corbett. If he wants
to see me he knows where he can rind
rue. But I don't think he will call. We
have been together in two or three places
since we left Carson C:;y, but he can't
draw anybody. Even in his own town wt
bad all the people."
Courting Sleeting in J'retno.
FRESNO, Cai,.. April B.— The Athletic
Park Association will give a coursing
meeting in this city next Sunday after
noon. Dors from all parts of the valley
have been entered, and excellent sport is
promised. Artificial hares will be used.
There will also be a shoot of live rabbits,
which will ba released from a pen.
WRECKAGE OFF CLAYQUOT SOUND.
Evidence of the Foundering of a Small
Schooner, With Probable
Loss of Life.
POKT TOWNSEND, Wash., April B.—
According to private information re
ceived here to-day from Captain George
E. Delome of the pilot schooner M. M.
Morriil, it is highly probable that during
the recsnt severe storm a wreck of which
no definite information has been received
occurred.
Captain Delome writes thai during a re
cent crnise of the Morriil off Clayquot
Sound large quantities of new lumber
were sighted. There was no evidence be
yond this of any wreck, but the sealing
schooner Mary Taylor, spoken a few days
later, reported having passed the side of
a small schooner, together with other
wreckage, giving evidence, not only of
loss of property, but of life as well.
The Taylor had 111 skins aboard when
spoken and had been meeting with com
paratively good luck up to the time of the
zephyr, since when the seals have Deen
scarce.
EMBLEMS JFOJt MOUXTAIit VIEW.
Army and Anri/ AcenuUrmenls to Decor
ale the Cemetery.
VALLEJO, Cal., April B.— Through the
kind interest in th»ir tftairs taken by
Representative Hilborn and Senator Por
kins the Grand Army and Navy posts" of
Oakland and vicinity are about to have
their beautiful burial plat In Mountain
View Cemetery, in Oakland, still further
ornamented with emblems .of: the army
and navy. Messrs-. Hilborn and Perkins
have obtained from the Secretary of the
Navy a supply of ordnance, mounted
howitzers, shell and other projectiles for
the plat A. p. Smith, superintendent of
Mountain View Cemetery, visited- the
navy-yard to-day with Rear-Admiral
Kirkland, commandant of ttie yard.
Admiral Kirkland' has ordered the
Government steamer Madilla to receive
ihe howitzers and shell and land them at
Oakland wharf, whence they will be taken
to the cemetery. :
SACRAMENTO I. 111 C, All ON.
Legal Fijhl Involving a Saloon li» Ban
Jt\''-i J-'rau risen. " ■'..'. "'^-.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., April The at
{orneya for Mrs. Fred Gibson, in the case
of Gibson vs. Cook, will have a hearing be
fore Judge Hughes of the Supreme Court
to-morrow and will endeavor to have a re
ceiver appointed ie the interests of F. J.
Fallon, administrator of the estate, to
take charge of the saloon known as "Our
House." at 816 Market street, San Fran
cisco. 'V*-'. • *
Some yaars ago Fred Gibson and his
partner. Cook, purchased the property
from Barney Conway, paving at the time,
it Li claimed, $22,000. The. venture was
successful and both made money. On
March 31, 1896. Fred Gibson died and
trouble ensued over the division of his es
tate. It ia claimed that Cook lias since run
ttie saloon on his own account and has
rande an immense profit, of which he, it is
also claimed, refuses to give any account
ing to the heirs of Gibson. • -
JTKESSO ltAJ\CUt£ll POISOSED.
Declared Before Hit Heath That Be
Tonk Mrychntne 67/ 31i*tak0.;-'".
FRESNO, Cat... April B.— W. T. Hard
ins, a well-known rancher, who lived
about three miles southwest of this city,
i took a fatal dose of strychnine this morn-
I ing. After he had swallowed the poison,
Harding called for help. Lorenzo B
Church, his father-in-law, responded, and
the young rancher said that He had taken
strychnine by mistake. TUe victim began
to show symptoms of cramps immediately,
and Church brought him to town for
medical assistance as : fast an two horse.-.
could run. The doorstep of Dr. Aiken's
residence was reached, and here the un
fortunate man died in a convulsion.
It is peeled that Harding tooK the
poison with srncidal intent. According to
his own statement before he died, he had
intended taking a dose of quinine and
made a mistake. i - ■ ?■.;.':*:■:
U'brUnh i.,.d,j, at Campbell.
CAMPBELL. Cal., April ß.— Aßebekah
Lodge, I. O. O. F., has been instituted
here. It has a membership 01 twenty
three. The offioers are: Laura J. Patch,
N. G.; MarcelU L. Black, V. G. ; Lottie
Wilson, secretary; Marie A. Yong, treas
urer. The appointed officers were: Grace
Veazi*. warden; Mattie More, conductor;
J. G. O. G. ; H. R. Wade, I. G.;
C. S. Patch, R. 8. N. G.; H. B. Hall. L. S.
N. G.: Mrs. Martha P. Hall. R. 6. V. G. ;
Mrs. Jessie Campbell, L. 8. V. G. ; CarrU
Watson. R. A. S. : May Wiilett, L. A. 8.;
Mrs. Virginia Parr, chaplain ; Martha J.
Wilson. A. P. G.
Itobb'ry at Man Diego.
SA N DIEGO, Cal., April B.— Two dis
charged ssilors from the United States
steamer Monterey walked into a restau
rant on Fifth street, between I and J, this
evenine, and when they left they had the
landlady's gold watch and chain and $15
in money. They mounted two bicycles
left standing by the pavement and rode
away. A rancher passed them on the
Escondido road, bound north, about 7
o'clock. The police are after the men.
SPIRITS LED HIM
ON TO AFFLUENCE
Secret of Charles D. Lane's
Success in Mining
Ventures.
Said by a Friend to Depend
Entirely Upon Trance
Mediums.
Takes Their At vice When Consider
ing tha Acquisition of Prospect
Propsrties.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., April 8.-The
luck of Charles D. Lane, the millionaire
mine-owner of San Francisco, as a pros
pector and the purchaser of prospects,
whioh have subsequently proved to be
immensely rich properties, is often com
mented upon throughout the mining
regions of the Pacific Slope. Lane has a
large acquaintance among practical
miners, who regard his judgment about
mining properties as almost infallible.
An expression heard among miners is that
"wherever Lucky Lane goes fortune surely
follows."
In view of his uniform good fortune
miners and prospectors watch his numer
ous operations with eagle eyes. Lane, it
is said, never touches a claim which does
not turn out well. Some of his most
valuable mining properties were most un
promising when he acquired them.
Many a poor prospector has laughed
over the millionaire's credulity in buying
a "prospect hole," but in each case the
man who parted with his mine has been
made to regret his hasts. In a few days
usually tbe properties purchased for a few
dollars have been found to be worth
thousands and tens of thousands.
But, what has passed for luck with Mr.
Lane for so many years is declared by a
frient to have been based on a careful and
methodical procedure, wherein the occult
has figured extensively. A miner just in
from the desert, who knows the owner of
the famous Fortuna well, says that Mr.
Lane never makes a purchase of any min
ing property without hrst consulting a
snirit medium for pointers and assurances.
When a claim is offered to Mr. Lace he
procures specimens of the ore and then
coes direct to his medium lor advice.
Seances are always held over the frag
ments of quartz or granite, and if the
medium says "buy" he does so. If she
says "nay" no amount cf persuasion or
cut rates can ever induce the millionaire
to put up money on such a claim. The
medium on whom Mr. Lane now princi
pally depends for his great good luck re
sides in Oakland.
RIGHTS OF PULPIT AMD PRESS.
Novel Points Raised in a Libel Suit
Brought by an Evangelist Against
a Newspaper.
LOS ANGELES. Cau, April B.— The
trial of the sait of Evangelist I. T. John
son of the M. E. church against the Fresno
Republican for libel, now on in the United
States Circuit Court in this city, revives
the memory of some very warm times a t
the center of the famous raisin bei t 01 the
San Joaquin Valley about -one year ago.
Johnson's declaration wi.ich cause d the
rumpus imputed a lack of chastity among
the young women of Fresno and was
made, the preacher claimed, upon infor
mation given to him by "a graduate of
Brown University."
A motion was made by the defendant's
attorneys to-day to nonsuit the reveren d
gentleman, because of admissions by his
counsel iv his opening statement to the
effect that the plaintiff aid make (he state
ment imputed io him by the newspaper.
In the arguments a nice point was
raised by F. H. Short, of counsel for the
defense — a point that has never been
passed on. In brief it was whether there
is any limit to the promulgation of a
slander from the pulpit respecting the |
private character of citizens, and when a
slander has been so promulgated, even
though it be in the form of a repetition of
the words of another, whether the press
has a right to review such a slander and
hold the promulgator responsible, whether
it originated with him or was only an
nounced by him as the reported words of
an informant.
Having made the admission referred to,
defendant's counsel claimed there could
be no libei, for the reason that the news
paper bad the right to make such com
ment as it chose in order to protect the
reputation of the girls of Fresno against
a slander in whatever form it might be
in acie public. Another point made by the
de fense was whether an individual in the
KEW lODAT.
' m /^HIXDREN ought to
j£^^ !■/ brighten a mother's
C/^JJ daily cares and help
"T-j, § • her to be strong, capa-
\- C. We and cheerful. It
y/\ys is'nt right for mothers
/\ •W. *? feel the burden of
I v\. l'*>^V life growing heavier
I \\. <jLfeJ?Oj an< * heavier year by
/ v"^^&\2L/^y ear Decause of child-
\ / J> LAdr\T^ bearing and child-rear-
VUiW \ Ing. That shows sotne-
jM \ thing is wrong in the
EL 1 tnotaer's physical con-
JA Titian. There is some
K!/y\ ./A •'•natural weakness in
KTy-ZyVW ker delicate organism
Wm£~r* »» which disqualifies her
•Mm / 1 for motherhood,
m A 1 Whea this is wrong
wMf Jr\ 1 ev«rvthfttg is wrong.
fir I ) I ■ A woman's physical
Mm / I A life is wrapped up in
j^H_ A (k^JL t^ lc s P cc i*f organs of
HH&-~ttfKfc?CgigS her sex. When these
WWBm«sP£ are restored to health
* i *9 naffß^mi an^ strength the whole
■' -^^ ■-•' .- . woman becomes
healthy and strong. Dr. R. V. Pierce of
. Buffalo, N. V., has made a life-study of this
problem of restoring health and strength
to women. His ."Favorite Prescription"
is the most successful remedy that has ever
been known for women's peculiar ailments.
Its sale exceeds the combined sales of all
other medicines for women. It cures the
most obstinate uterine diseases. It goes
directly to the internal organism which is
the real seat of all the troubles. It imparts
vigor and health , where they are most
needed ; heals ulceration ; stops the weak-
ening drains ; promotes regularity ; restores
muscular power to the ligaments, thus cor-
recting displacements of special organs in
the only natural way.
' " Complete information regarding the "Fa-
-jjjWfr,^ '" vorite Prescription ' ' and tes-
■ P*S isSSi^ . timonials from hundreds who
I TB^S have used it, are embodied in
I • cuatf** Dr. Pierces Common Sense
|*«V H*3jl Medical Adviser, a standard
|Vf^ Sit** me< *' cal work of 1008 pages,
§^*»* profusely illustrated, .which
%■ •; >'- I ; ; f will be sent free on receipt of
, '~I '• & 21 one-cent stamps' to cover
_J^^ cost of mailing only. This
: ; - t C" *i^fci^^-' work is a 1 complete - family
doctor book and should be read by both
young and old. , The profits on the sale of
680,000 copies at $1.50 has rendered possible
this free edition. Address, World's Dispen-
UXj Medical Association Buffalo, N. V.
capacity of a preacher was not just a^ re
sponsiole for the repetition and publish
ment of a slander as if it had originated
with Himself.
TO AID THE UNEMPLOYED.
Salvation Army Froposes to Siart Various
Industries to Emp oy Men
and Women.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., April B.— The
Salvation Army of this city has been in
consultation with its leaders in other parts
of the country for some time as to the best
method of dealing with the unemployed
problem. The army authorities now come
forward with a plan which they have laid
before a number of busiuess men and
workers in the charity field, and which is
considered leasible. It is to start various
industries, one at a time, on a f>mall scale,
to manufacture articles of common use,
where the element of labor is a large fac
tor and which will not conflict in any con
siderable degree with existing locai in
terests.
They are particularly desirous of find
ing lines of work where women can be
empioyed, and the first one to be under
taken will be the mating of rag carpet. '
The army will send out its own solicitors
to procure the rags from tbe people of the
cny, and for so worthy an obiect large
quantities can undoubtedly be obtained
without other cost than that of gathering.
At the beginning, fr m ten to twenty
women can be put at work at $3 a week
sorting and cutting the rags and weaving !
them into carpets. The outlay for the
plant will he small, and it is calculated
tbat|2oo will accomplish all that is neces
sary to start the undertatine and produce
working caniul until returns come in.
As soon as the merit of the enterprise be
comes evident it will be possible to en
large it to employ many more women,
and perhaps some men.
Simpton Tabernacle to He Sold
L,OS ANGELES, Cal., April S.— Owing
to a heavy mortgage on the arreat Simpson
Tabernacle (Methodist Episcopal) here,
the interest on which is now long overdue,
there is a probability that that property
will soon be sold and pass into the hands
of the First Baptist Church of this city.
aligning Witnr.a Jocund.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., April B.—South
ern Pacific Detective Bowies has found
NEW TO-DAY. ■ '•' 7. ■' '
With pleasure
and with pride
we say it— /; .
CHILDREN'S CLOTHING
15 OUR
HOBBY
Our hobby is clothing the youngsters. ;
So much attention have we given this
department of our business that we defy
. ,; .any other house to match our values and .'
,_;■_. -.•.;-■ styles. Our prices are, of course, whole- |
sale prices — same as the dealer pays. §^ " ■
We have just received from our mills >
a splendid line of Boys' and Children's "
Spring Suits. Come and see them.
»■ ♦ — •
BROWN BROS. & CO.,
Wholesale Manufacturers of Clothing,
Proprietors Oregon City Woolen Mills,
121=123 SANSOME ST.
BLUE SIGNS. Second Block from Market.
<^^ IP 1
" Some time ago, " said the County Attorney of Bourbon
County, Ky., "I saw the advertisements of
Ripans Tabules
and believing it was the remedy I "needed, I determined
to get some. I had been greatly troubled with sick
headache, but since I secured Ripans Tabules, whenever
I begin to feel symptoms of sick headache or sour
stomach, . I take one or two Tabules and escape all ''. the
terrors of a splitting headache. One taken; after eatirll I
has aided my digestion and made me feel like a different
person. •» «»uci«iu
'• ' " - ■ v - •'■•••' '•■--; - •- -■ ■♦•■•.-. ■-- - . . •
l^^i^r^^ MAiyynonß^TfißEn McupioE^ f<
■W^£JHF--x^ JflMllllUUll Rtd 1 UIILUJ,^ reatVc c« t * l ' ! «
■ IK "^ fT f5» -^ (€? tlon oi a famous French physician will onl?Ti tall * er>lhe P reocr 'I >
■ VL^ Aul \> ~,\) vona or diseases of the gen^vve ori?J^ ickJ y cure you of aU ncr-
B^ J|/ V. -Z*ij Insomnia, Pains !n the B*ck,£\nuJ\&£?'f achM *<oat Manhood,
S XV V V Constipation. It stops all lo^es by d« t' n A Varlcoc.le and
3 -^"^ v *a fc */ utsa of discharge, which if not rhP^v£?7°I nlght Prevents quirk-
■ BEFORE. «no AFTPR J^uaehorroraof Impot«ncy «wS^gf& to 1 s l l «n»torrh«aand
g'SHfc^^^^»^®^^SSS^^^S2S P " ±* are wit*
SSm^ ri "f Tr mre Biven and m " ne y 'Ptumt-d if six b^xeT dn2= ' tt V 5000 (^timoDl.
Attareu UAVOi* MJSDICI^Jfi Co.. 1170 Mwkrt Bt ree
Charles Etzler, a missing witness in the
case of Kid Thompson, the train-robber,
about to be tried for the second time.
E zler is the witness to whom Kid Thomp
son is said to have confessed his crime.
He was supposed to have fted, but was
found at Yuma and brought back.
LOSES A MAN AT SAN DIEGO.
One of the Cruiser Philadelphia's Sailor*
Poisoned by Drinking Shellac and
Water.
SAN DIEGO, Cal.. April B.— A equad of
sailors from the flagship Philadelphia
came ashore a few nights ago, an i in an
uptown saloon one of the party bought a
drinK which the bartender called "milk
puncn."
"That's pretty eood," said one of the
boys, "can't you give us the recipe?"
Tne barkeeper good-naturedly compiled
and on Tuesday the sailors came ashore
and bought the supposed ingredients, re
turning aboard in a few hours. Some one
blundered, however, for after partaking of
the mixture all the men became ill, and
this morning one cf their number, Klinj;
Victor, died. Another, John Hellman, is
very low and two others are so sick that
ihey could not be around for a good many
days. Victor's foody was transferred to
the Monadnock this afternoon because of
the early departure of tne Philadelphia
for Honolulu and the remains will be in
terred in Mt. Hope cemetery to-morrow.
The sureeon attending pronouncea the
cause of Victor's death to be acute gas
tritis, with strong symptoms of uraenuc
poison. An autopsy upon the body late
this afternoon revealed the fact that the
man's stomach was fairly lined with
shellac, which the sailors are said to mix
with water and drink. They get the
snellac to Daint the ship and use it in
stead for the alcohol there is in it. It is,
of course, very poisonous and its use will
kill in time.
Suteld* of a Salem Woman.
SALEM, Or., A.>ril B.— Mr?. Catherine
B. Livermore, aged 78, committed suicide
this mornine by taking strychnine. Her
son was recently arrested for the larceny
of $60 from his mother, and brooding over
his arrest induced her to taJte her life. lit
a note she referred to her suicide as being
cowardly, but said she was unable longer
to stand the burdeu of life.SPANIARDS KILL
CAPTIVE REBELS
Horrible Massacre of Pris
oners on the Island
of Guam.
Philippine Islanders Shot Down
Without M rcy by Their
Guards.
Bu.chery Centimes for Tbree Nights
and Scores of Natives
Are Si in.
VANCOUVER, B. C, April B.—Accord
ing to Oriental advices by steamer arriv
ing to-day the Japanese schooner Minato
gawa Afaru, wh.eh arrived in Yokohama
harbor, brought news of grewsome hap
penings on the island of Guam. Toward
tbe end of December last a vessel brought
from the Philippines a cargo of rebels as
prisoners (some 400 in number), of whom
half were put on shore at Gnam, the rest
being taken on to another island.
Food was scarce, and the chief official at
Guam bnd only a few guards at his dis
posal. Emboldened by this knowledge
ana actuated also by the hope oor. r seizing a
Japanese senooner then lying in the har
bor the prisoners tried to break out of
prison. The Spaniards were warned in
time, and it is stated by the Japanese that
during three nights armed men outside
continued firing into the place of confine
ment, probably to discourage attempts at
an emeute. An average of from forty to
fifty represented each night's butchery,
the survivors escaping only by hiding be
hind tbe bodies of their companions.
When at last the massacre ceased two
thirds of the wretched rebels were dead.
A correspondent writing from Hakodate
on March 22 says: The American whal
ing bark Cnarlcs W. Morgan, Captain J.
O. Layton, arrived here yesterday, having
taken no oil since leaving San Francisco
on December 3, 1896. Captain Layton
confirms the report of tbe Japanese
schooner Minatogawa Maru regarding the
massacre of rebels at Guam. He give the
number of those killed at 180, and states
that they were shot while breaking oat of
prison.
SAN RAFAEL'S WEALTHY PRISONER.
Millionaire Finigcn Will Stay in Jail All
His Life Rather Than Pay Alimony
to His Wife.
SAN RAFAEL, Cau, April B.—Million
aire Peter A. Finigan is atill a guest of
Henry Harrison of Marin County, and if
the colonel has bis own way tie will con
tinue to hnve his quarters in the County
Jail for some time to come.
Coionel Finigan has instituted a new
order of things in Mann's County Jail.
He has bad a bed sent from the Hotel
Rafael, and this has been set ud in his
cell. He has not complained at, the treat
ment he received, but says that he will re
main in jail all of his life rau.er than pay
tne $750 alimony to his wife's attorneys.
Colonel Finican has recired many
visitor* since he has been incarcerated in
the County Jail. His two daughters visit
him <lai.y, and all his meals are sent into
(be prison from a Hotel near by.
Tne colonel says that the woman who
is suing him for a divorce ,*•• already
cost him thousands of dollars, and that
she will never get another cent so long as
he can prevent it. Thirteen years ago
they were married and ther spent most of
the time in traveling abroad. Mrs. Fin
lean's suit for divorce was originally
commenced in San Francisco, but was
transferred to Marin County. The depo
sition on fiie in the County Clerk's office
in tan Rafael discloses some startling
facts. One of the colonel's cruel acts was
bis refusal to accompany Mrs. Fiuigan
to a barber-shop to have her arm shaved.
The contempt proceedings will have to
be settled before the divorce case can be
tried. Colonel Finigan does not bear any
ill feeling toward Judge Angelotti, who
remanded him to the custody of the
SAUSAUTO CORNERSTONE LAID.
Pretty Little Helen Thomas P/acea the
BiX in /.'» ResUng-P/ace in the
News Building.
SAUBALITO, Cal., April B.— The cor
nerstone of the Snußauto News building
was laid this afternoon in the presence of
a large crowd. Commodore C. H. Harri
son acted as master of ceremonies. Helen
Walcott Thomas, a pretty little miss 8
years of age, placed tbe iron box in itr
final resting-place in the soft mortar. Her
little hands than placed the bricks in po
sition.
Rev. Mr. Hamilton of Christ Church
opened the ceremonies with a prayer.
Commodore Harrisoa in bis remarks said
that twenty-e:ght years ago he landed
with 'or: v laborers in Sausaiito ana they
turned the first shovelful of eaith in tti'e
town on tbe lot next to the new building
and there erected a house in one day *nd
in which they slept that night. From
that time until now the town had steadily
advanced.
The Richardson brass band supplied
patriotic music during the ceremony this
afternoon.
COULTERVILLE'S BOGUS DUNHAM.
Practical Jokers Circu'ate a Sensational
Report of tie Murderer's
Capture.
SAN JOBE. Cal., April B.— A sensation
al Dunham story was sent out from Coal
rerville, Mariposa County, to-day. The
dispatch said a crazy miner, who made a
murderous assault on a companion, bad
been identified as James C. Dunham, the
fugitive murderer from Campbell.
Sheriff Lyndon immediately began a
thorough investigation with a view of
ascertaining whether there was any truth
in the story. A telephone message was
sent to the Justice oi the Peace At Couiter
viiJe. The reply was that Dr. Theo lore
Koenie, formerly of Ban Jose, had at a
first glance identified the crazy prisoner
as Dunham, but afterward was inclined to
change his mind. The Justice of the
Peace added that the prisoner bad been
taken to Mariposa.
Communication was established with
Sheriff Prouty by telephone. The message
received was that the prisoner bore no
resemblance to Dunham and the Dunham
part of the story had nrobaoJy Deen start
ed by one of Coulierville's practical joKers.
San Rafael 1 irore* Came.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., April B.— Albert
Jerome Freeman has commenced tuit in
the Superior Court of Marin County
against Mary E. Freeman for divorce.
STOCKTON DOG SHOW AWAhDS.
Trophies Won for Their Owners by the
Aristocratic Canines on Exhi
bition.
STOCKTON, Cal., April B.— The second
night of the bench show of the Stockton
Kennel Club opened with a small attend
ance. Ihe following awards were made:
Field spaniels, black, open, dogs— To wler,
owned by M. J. Church, Oakland, first: Tom
Sawyer, C. Leonard. Stockton, second.
Other than black, open, dogs— Rex, G. F. C.
Glfford, Stockton, and Nellie X, Mrs. H. J.
Kueehier, Stockton, equal first.
Cocker spaniels, black, open, dogs — Pittsburg
Tommy, D. Winders, Stockton first: Woodland
Jersey, Oakland Cocker Kennels, second.
Black, open, bitches ßlack Duchess. Echo
Cocker Kennel second: Lady, W. G. Barker,
Stockton, third.
black challenge Brouta, Echo Cocker
Kennels, Siockton, first.
Red or liver, open, dogs— Doctor P, Echo
Cocker Kennels, Stockton, first;- Van, Belle
Hoffman, Stockton, second.
Ked or liver, open, bitches— Kailette, Pas
time Cocker Xeuiiels, Oakland, first; Lady D.
C. E. Dorr, Stockton, second.
Any other color, bitch pups— Meggies, C.
Leonard, Stockton, first. •
Any other color, novice dogs — L, *. E.
Lane, Stockton, first; Don, M. Cutting, Stock
ton, second. . t _ . _ . _
Any other color, novice bitches— Lady, W. G.
Barker, Stockton, first. . .
Any other color, ..pun, dogs— Knight 01 Los
Angeles, I. D. Holden, Los Angeles, first;
Woodland Patchio, A. N. Merrelt, San Irau
ciseo, second. ... V»" ,
Any other color, open, bitches— 8,
George Snell. Siocktou, tirst; Daisy P.Mrs. D.
Pease, Stock ion, i-econd; Khea S, Thoinhill
kennels, Fiuitvate. mird.
Any other • color, challenge dogs— Royal
Dandy J. E. Doak, Stockton, first.
Local bitches— Lady Etta, Echo cocker ken
nels, Stockton, first.
Local dogs— JacK L, F. E. Lane, Stockton,
firM ; Van, Belle Hoffman, Siockion, second.
Irish water spaniels, ope;., batches ßelle
Marsh, W. H. Williams, Sail Francisco, firs;.
Challenge dogs and bitches — Nora, W. H.
William!), San Francisco, first.
Col ties, puppydogs— Ormsklrk Jack, W. de B.
Lopez, P.easauton, first.
■Puppy bitches— Ormskirk Jean, same owner,
first. - N
Novice dogs— OrmsKirk Jack, same owner,
first; Eric, Oscar Groves, Stockton, second.
Novice bitches Ormskirk Jean,- W. de B.
Lopez, Pleasanton, first.
Open, dogs Capsule, Mrs. C. 11. Jouett, San
Francisco, first; Hadfield Don, Verona ken
nels, San Francisco, second; Alto Clifton, O. J.
Albce, Law: nee, third; Crags, Verona ken
nels,very highly commended; likewise Mascot,
William True, ban Jose.
Open, bitches— Juauita, Beach Hill kennels,
Sail Jose, first; Baby Due, O. i. Albee, Law
rence, second.
Challenge dogs— Clalr Laddie, Verona
kennels, San Francisco, first.
Retrievers, open, dogs — Rube, George Ditz,
Stockton, first; Zulu, R. G. Fife, Stockton,
second.
Bulldogs, open, bitches— Topsy, Mrs. M. £.
Welsh, Stockton, first. '
Bull terriers, open, bitches— E. R. Fol
ger, Oakland, first.
Challenge dogs— Harper WnUky, John Spar
rows, San Francisco, first.
Boston terriers, open, — Topsy, Mrs.
Welsh, Stocktou, first.
Fox terriers, smooth-coated puppy dogs—
Midlight, J. lieffornan, Stockton, first; Defi
ance, A. £. Ms ;>•■-, Stockton, second; Domino,
Laura Kaher, Stockton, mini. -
Smooth-coated puppy — Golden Rest
less, lira. £. M. Simpson, bacrainento, first;
Lady L, B. Levy, ■; Stockton, second; Georgie
Me, John McLeod, Stockton, third.
Smooth-coated novice — Golden Rest
less, Mrs. E. M. Simpson,' Sacramento, first.
Open, does— Golden (lash 11, J. B. Martin,
San Francisco, first; Lathrop Rich, John Ladd,
Stockton, second.
Smooth coated, open, bitches— Golden Rest
less, Mrs. Simpson, Sacramento, first; Golden
Leaf Trilby, W. F. Adams, Stockton, second;
Clover Leaf China, Mis. A. E. Mapes, Stockton,
third.
Smooth coated, local, dogs— Domino, Laura
Naher, Stockton, first. ■
Dachshunds, cpen, bitches— W. H.
Anderson, San Jose, first.
Beagles, open, bitches— Lena B, John Doaks,
Stockton, first.
Irish terriers, open, — Josie McManon,
John Doaks, Stockton, first.
Open, bitches— Doctor X, same owner, first
Yorkshire terriers, open, dogs — 11, E.
Attridge, San Francisco, fir.-:.
Pugs, novice, bitches— Tip B, John Busch,
Stockton, first
Open, dogs— Razzle, W. J. Bates, Stockton,
first.
Open, bitches— Baby Gibson, William B. Gib
■on, Stockton, first.
Japanese spaniels, open, dogs and bitches—
Wang, May Hume, Oakland, first.
Pomagian, open, dogs — Diamond, Mrs. Bet
tenconrt, Stockton, first:
Poodles, open, black dogs— Frnncett, George
Aimer Newhal, San Francisco, first.
Miscellaneous, dogs and bitches— Countess
Golden, Belle JenUon, Stockton and Dandy,
R. C. Person, Stockton, equal, first.
Unclassified (received too late)— Mastiffs,
local, bitches— Sybil C, Fred Clark, Stockton.
Bull terriers, open, — Woodcott Vernon,
S. Christensen, San Francisco. Great Danes,
open, bitches— Ora, W. E. Lovdal, Sacramento.
Fox terrier, open— Beverick Covalin, F. S.
Casey, San Francisco. Bulldogs — Commis
sioner.
Special awards wer* made as follows:
Best mast if?, Bess II ; best mastiff puppy in
San Joaquin County, ch&uncey; best mastiff
in San Juaqum Couuty, Chauncey ; best rough
coated 8;. Bernard, open dog, Roxle Savage
Taylor; best rough-coated St. Beruard bitch,
Florence; best Ht. Bernard in (-an Josquin
County, Queen of the Han Joaquiu; best St.
Bernard, Prince Oscar II; beat bloodhound,
Buckshot II; beat New Koundland,
Carlo; best greyhound, Laurelwood II;
best fox .ounu. Si>ort; best pointer
pup, Gleubeigh III; best pointer bitch,
haul Croxteth; best pointer, Baldy;
best English setter. Queen Bee; beat aetter
dog In San Josquin County, Spread; beat Eng
lish setter bitch. Queen ot Counts; best Irish
setter, Queen of Kiidare; best Gordon setter,
J'ickll; best Cocker spaniel. Novice, Jhclc L;
btst bark Cocker, Bronta; best other than
black, Royal Dandy; oest any color, Royal
Dandy; best bull terrier, Fiy ; best water
spaniel, Belle Margii; best fox terrier in ban
Joequiu County, Midiight; beat pup and best
entered by lad.. Golden Restless; best in
show. Goldon Fi&6h II: b^-st beajle. Roy F;
rest Irish terrier, Doctor X; best Yorkshire
terrier. Joker II; best Jtpauese spaniel, Wang;
best pug, Judy II; h--si Dachahund, Queen;
best Great Dane. Hex K.
CHAOS RJhiliiSs IX BRAZIL.
The Government Fuicerl«*» to Suvpreti
thm Tended. Fanatic*.
NEW YORK, N. ,Y., April B.— A dis
patch to the Herald from Montevideo
Bays: The republic is greatly alarmed at
the failure or the Government to suppress
the rebellion.
Tbe administration officials admit that
the news from the front is unfavorable.
The Government column - under Maner
has been dispersed by Sarava. Lamas is
now said to be marching on Modus. .-.
The revenue from customs for the last
six months is $1,240,000 less than for the
preceding six months. Several deputies
have made a demand on the Chambers
that the President shall change his ores
en policy.
Barava, the Brazilian rebel chief, is at
San Luis, near the Brazilian frontier,
while Lamas is marching toward tbe cen
tral part of the republic. The Govern
ment troops were defeated with heavy
loss at Trecinta y Tres.
The Government, has issued a call for
the immediate mobilization of 6000 troops
of the National Guard. -"
The Herald's correspondent in Rio
Janeiro telegraphs that C'onselhtiro will
use the hrad of Colonel Morecia y Cesar,
the Brazilian commander killed by the
fanatic?, as an ensign for bin troops when
In r action. The ghastly, trophy will be
carried in the van of the religious lnsur
reciionlst* transfixed by a pike.
"' The fanatics continue to gain- eround in
Babia, and are also making inroads into
other status. They pillage and burn all
villages which they enter and commit
many atrocities.
A serious fall in the price of coffee has
taken place in Urazii.
Hor*«- Kvederu* Hilt.
ST. LOUIS. Mo., April B —Governor
Stephens to-flay signed the horse-breed
ers' bill. It piobibits more than ninety
days' racing during the year at any one
track. It provides that noolseiling be
carried on only at the racetracks.
Kilted In, l.i ihluini.
GAINESVILLE, Texas. Ar-ril B.— While
stauding on v porch wiih her babe watch
ing a thunderstorm, Mrs. Tom Gwynn
was struck by lightning and killed. The
babe waa uuhurU
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 9, 1897.
BURGLARS FIRE
UPON A WOMAN
Shrieks for Mercy Wasted
On Ears Calloused by
Crime.
Visitors to Santa Monica At
tacked in Their Room by
Murderous Thugs.
Engineer Pace of Los Angeles Is
Seriously Wounded, but His Wife
Escapes Unscathed
SANTA MONICA, Cal., April B.— Two
murderous ruffians entered the residence
of William Pace and wife of Los Anpeles
in this city, and attempted to murder its
two occupants. That they were nnsitccess
ful was due only to poor marksmanship,
caused by the absence of a light in the
room. Face was wonnded in the leg, and
several bullets from one of the intruders'
revolver penetrated the walls of the room
and the mattrasses of the bed on which
Mr*. Pace lav. x
Pace is a fireman on the Southern Paci
fic Railway. He and bis wife came to
Santa Monica to visit Mrs. Pace's father,
Henry W. King, ex-Chief of Police of Los
Anteles. They were given rooms in a
cottaee near King's residence. Mrs. Pace
awakened her husband at about 2 o'clock
this morning, telling him that some one
was in the room. Pace rose and struck a
match. As the blaze was flaring up some
one shouted a demand for bis money, en
forcing it with a bullet from a revolver.
The ball penetrated his leg near the knee.
Tiie match having gone out the room
was left in darkness, but from the noise
and muttered conversation Pace and his
wife became aware that the intruders
were two in number. The Angeleno told
the ruffians to take his money and bis
clothes, and one of them 'rifled h\-> pock
ets, obtaining about $10 in cash.
Meanwhile Mrs. Pace, who had been
screaming for help, began to plead with
the intruders for her life.
"You have killed my husband; do not
shoot me!" she cried.
"I'll Kill both of you," was the reply from
one of tbe ruffians, and he commenced fir
ing at the bed on which the woman lay
shrieking for mercy. Owing to the dark
ness ttie robber could not take aim, but
had to fire at random, and it so happened
that none of his buliets took effect upon
his intended victim. While the fellow
was shooting at Mrs. Pace his companion
gathered up a few articles of value in the
room and they then made their escape.
Mrs. Pace burried over to the bouse of
a neighbor end excitedly related her ex
perience. City Marshal Dexter was sum
moned and made a care.ul examination
ot the prembes, while physicians dressed
the painlul wound from wbich Pace was
Buffering.
Marshal Dexter found tracks made by
heavy-nailed boots leading away from the
window by which the robbers had entered
the cottage. Later he caused the arrest of
two men near the Arcadia Hotel who an
swered to the description given by Pace.
They were traveling tinkers and cave as
their names Phillip Btraube and Georgs
Baunders. When the Marshal approached
the pair be asked them if they had taken
out a license for peddling. One of them
at once replied in an insolent manner:
"Why don't you say tbat you want us
for that shooting and be done with it."
The men claimed to have walked from
San Francisco. The shoes they wore ex
actly fitted the tracks leading from the
Kinc cottage. They were this afternoon
held for examination, and in default of
$1000 ball were committed to the County
Jail.
CAMPBELL'S POSTAL DELIVERY.
Gratifying Results ot the Test of the
Government's Proponed Carrier
System.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April B.— The test of
the free rural postal delivery system in
stituted at Campbell on February 1 is
proving very satisfactory and there are in
dications that the innovation has come to
stay. The volume of business is steadily
increaning. In tbe month of February
there over 8500 pieces of mail matter were
bandied by tne carriers, while in March
it ere over 12,500 pieces were bandied, an
increase of 4000, and it is expected that
the total for tue present month will be
a'out 15,000 pieces.
Tne district enjoying the advantage of
the delivery consists of fourteen square
miles and contains nearly 4000 bouses.
Three carriers are engaged in delivering
and gathering the mail. Campbell was
one of the three places in the United
States selected for the trials of tbe system.
PL AS JFOB FUTURE CAMPAIQSS.
fTonicit R-iolrr to Aid Political ( ham-
; inn* of I qua I Stiff rnrj«.
SAN JOSE, Cal, April B.— The Santa
Clara County Equal Suffrage Club held an
Interesting meeting this afternoon in the
parlors of the Unitarian Churcb. There
wa* a large attendance, which included
members of the branches of the organiza
tion in Los Gatos, Palo Alto, East ban
Jose, Santa Clara, Willows and this city.
The president of the club, Mrs. L. B.
Wilson, opened the meeting with a brief
address. Mme. Sorbter of San Francisco,
who earnestly worked at Sacramento for
eqnal suffrage during the last session of
the Legislature, related the history of the
attempt to gain woman suffrage. She
read tbe list of legislators voting for and
against tbe measure, and suggested that a
fight should be made to re-elect tbe friends
and defeat tbe enemies of equal suffrage.
Alexander Mackey told of the imj rove
ment that followed allowing women to
vote on school questions in Massachusetts.
A generai discussion followed.
t onrietrd. of Mnnalavghttv.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April B.— The jury in
the case of An Sing, charged with the
murder of Alt Wah, returned a verdict of
manslaughter this afternoon. The killing
occurred in Sixth-street Chinatown on
October 6 last. The testimony showed
that Ah Sing and Hong Gong held Ah
Wah while Ny Gong shot him. Hong
Gong's trial will next be taken up. Ny
Gong is still at large.
Worden Clrc.tr «i Delegate.
SAN JOSE. Cal., April B.— The Ban
Jose Association of Postoffioe Clerks has
elected 8. L. Worden delegate to the Na
tional Contention of Postoffice Clerks
which will be held in Baltimore in Septem
ber. E. C. Mintie was chosen alternate.
Jo Jtrprrmrnt ttantn Clara.
BAN JOSE, Cal.. April B.— Chairman
Rea of the Board of Supervisors has ap
pointed the following delegates to repre
sent Santa Clara County at the Pure-food
Congress, to be held in Sun Francisco on
April 30: Dr. William Simpson, Dr. J. J.
Miller, Dr. G. W. Seifert, W. C. Andrews,
J. H. FlicKenger, R. T. Pierce, W. H.
Wright, Dr. J, T. Thayer. Dr. H. R. Ches
bro, Dr. R. P. Gober, Dr. E. W. Charles
and Professor E. E. Smitn.
K»rnp** a I ri'nn Cell.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April B.— George fl.
Potter, the young man wno made a busi
ness of looting the Garden City creamery
and peddling tbe stolen wares, is to es
cape State prison. To-day a petty-iarceny
charge was preferred against mm, and he
will plead guilty to this, the felony com
plaint to be dismissed.
Sau Jon-'t AlhUtie Club.
SAN JOSE. Cal., April B.— A number of
young men met at Y. M. C. A. Hall to
night and formed tim San Jose Atbletic
Club, electing William McCormick presi
dent, C. C. Bird secretary and Ancele
Birtch treasurer. The ciub proposes to
have a gool gymnasium, give rxbibiiions
and take part in competitive tournaments.
Called to t><m J ranelaeo.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April B.— Captain and
Mrs. J. Railton, who have been in charge
of the Post of Volunteers of America for
the last four months, have been called to
San Framisco. A farewell meeting was
held at the armory this evening.
Dfiath tSndi a Mrltnont Tragedy-
REDWOOD CITY, Cal., April B.— Mrs.
Manuel Conda, who yesterday morning,
near Belinont. made an attempt to take
her own life by shooting herself twice in
the bead, died this morning from the ef
fects oi the wound*. At the inquest no
reason could be assigned for the act, ex
cept th.it it was done while in a tit of
temporary insanity. The jury rendered a
verdict in accordance therewith. Mrs.
Conda had been ill and suffering for the
past six months. The funeral will beheld
at Menlo Park on Saturday morning.
Killed Aear Hull Creek.
BUTTE CREEK, Cal., April B.—Wil
fred de Varila was killed near here several
days ago by a vicious horse. He entered
the stall while intoxicated and was kicked
to death. He was 38 years of age.
ACTUBM I' I.E. Alt tUX QRSTKT.
1 ' #
Truing to Save the *ccfc of Madge York*
3ltirdnrer.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., April B:—Mem
bers of the theatrical profession through
out the country are interesting themselves
in the case of James B. Gentry, the actor
who is under sentence of death for the
murder of Madge York.
Application for a commutation of the
capital sentence to life imprisonment has
already been tiled, but tbe board of par
dons does not meet until April 21, while
the execution is fixed for the following
day.
i nless, therefore. Governor Hastings
grants a stay of execution, it will be hardly
possible lor the pardoning board to act
upon the petition with deliberation before
the time fixed for the hanging.
Gentry is confined in Moyamensing
prison, and is contemplating his prospec
tive late with equanimity.
•:
HUI BOX iAl\n t.s IHBABTER.
Train of Fourteen J-'relghtear* Destroyed
by fire.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., April B.— A Big
Four freight was nnr.ihiliated by an ex
plosion at Belt Junction to-day. The
trouble probably originated in a car loaded
with whisky. The car had a hot box. The
entire train of fourteen cars caught tire
and was destroyed. The train men escaped
injury but Otto Grenshaw, sleeping in
one of the cars, was pinned to the barn
ing floors. He is a serious condition.
' /»» MrKiixi'u* at AnnrtpoHt.
ANNAPOLIS Mo., April B.— The dis
patch steamer Doipfain stopped at the
Naval Academy to-night, having on board
President and Mrs. McKinley. The party
was received by Superintendent Cooper
and other officers of the Naval Academy
nnd given a salute of twenty-one guns.
They remain in Annapolis to-night and
will return to Washington Friday.
CHIEF JUSTICE JUDD.
He Tells of His decision Against the
Japanese — Immigration Lairs the
Same as Here.
Among the arrivals by the Monowai
last evening was Chief Justice A. P. Judd
of Hawaii, and Mrs. Judd, who are at the
Occidental. They will, so the Chief Jus
tice says, go to Los Angeles for a few days'
stay, and will then go to New Haven,
Conn., where the Chief Justice will attend
the annual meeting of Yale College
alumnae and witness the graduation of
his two sons. It is seventeen years since
he has been East.
He mentioned bis decision against the
landing of 700 Japanese recently in Ha
waii, and said the statute was exactly the
same as thai of the United States, where
the decision bad been made.
"There are six emigration agencies in
Japan," he said, "and they all make
money off the Japanese that are sent.
We had 1501 Japanese once in a week.
The census ot November, 1896. showed we
then had 24,000 Japanese and 2600 Chinese,
while our population was very much less.
At the came time there were 31,000
natives, besides 8000 of mixed native
blood; 2259 British. 1452 German and
15,000 Portuguese. We feared if the
Japnnese were allowed to come they
would soon outnumber us, and then they
would «oon w. nt to express themselve*
politically. Our immigration laws being
the same as in the United States, we
stopped them.
"I don't know what the Japanese
authorities may conclude. The Consul
will not say whether be has asked for a
war vessel or not."
T. H. KELSON'S SUICIDE.
Ha Killed ITimtitlf With Illuminating
Orb Last Night.
T. H. Nelson, proprietor of the furni
ture-store at 126 Fourth street, committed
suicide in bis private office last night by
inhaling illuminating gas.
He left a note addressed to his wife, in
which he said he had been overcome by
some peculiar malady, and he asked her
to come at once and bring Dr. "B."
He did not send the note, but left it be
side him. • • '
Nelson did not return at his usual hour
last evening, and his son, A. 8. Nelson,
bad the door of his office broken.
It is thought be had suddenly become
mentally deranged.
Hn. Saroni'« Will.
Judge Coffey has decided that the will
of Mrs. Marianne Saroni is Invalid.
On January 20 last Mine. Saroni died in
Alameda, leaving an estate valued at 530,
--000. The property she bequeathed by a
holographic will to a number of favored
relatives. At the bottom of the document
following the signature were the words:
"Alanieda, Novor 6. 95. 1832 Pacific Ave
nue A.araeiin."
As soon as the will *vas filed a son of
the decedent wno thourhi he had not
been properly treated instituted a contest
and raised the objection that the date of
the will was insufficient on the ground
that the figures 95 do not express the year
1895.
Judge Coffey drew attention to the re
quirement of the code that a holographic
will must bp written, signed and dated by
the testator, and held that tho figure* "95"
did not indicate the year 1895. The prop
erty will be distributed among the heirs
at-law as if no will bad been made by the
decedent
LAWYER MORGAN'S
SUPERB NERVE
Appeared Among His
Former Wife's Rela
tives Near Ukiah.
He Claimed to Have Done so to
Avoid Persecution ac
Her Hands.
Another Tale of His Dark Doings gt
Kings bnry Brought to the Light
of Day.
"Morgan's tears" has become a stereo
typed phrase when speaking or the traits
of the attorney who fled this City to avoid
prosecution at the hands of Capitalist
Alsip for black ma iling, but late discover
ies place Morgan's nerve on a high plane,
A letter was received from Mendocino
County yesterday by the missing attor
ney's former wife from relatives, who
show that his audacity is unequaled.
According to the epistle in question,
Morgan app a red at Orr's Hot Springs,
fourteen miles from Ufciab, about two
weeks ago, and claimed that he had come
to them to avoid Mrs. Morgan and her
persecutions. Taken in conjunction with
the fact that his former wife had not seen
ii:m in three months, and had never in
troduced him to her relatives because she
had no confidence in his character, this
action deserved a leather medal,
Morgan disappeared from the springs,
where be was known to other than rela
tives under the name of MeNamara, sev
eral days ago. Ue must have returned di
rectly to this City, as he was seen here
only a few days ago by two credible wit
nesses, an account of which meeting was
published exclusively in I he Call.
Another tale has come to light regard
ing Morgan's Kingsbury career, which, if
true, and it is given by a person of probity
and good reputation, will hardly tend
to increase the esteem in whica he is at
present held by the public.
The story is to the effect that a certain
Fresno capitalist had a daughter, who fell
in love with a young civil engineer of
favorable reputation. Her father wished
her to marry the son of a local banker,
but she chose rather to marry the man of
her choice.
The father was incensed at this action
and upon going to Kingsbury was In
formed by .Morten, it is alleged, that tne
son-in-law had not been divorced from a
former wife.
The youne husband procured a situation
as assistant engineer in one of the steam
ers plying Letween this port and Hono
lulu, and the rather in order to protect is
daughter had influence brought to bear to
induce her to sign an application for
divorce. This all occurrM in the fall of
1885 and in the spring of 1886 the divorce
was granted.
Afterward the father found that he was
in error and that his former son-in-law
had been properly divorced from his first
wife, who was then dead. He made
proper restitution by permitting his
i laughter to remarry the man she loved
and they are now Jiving happily in
Fresno.
MRS. GAGAN'S TESTIMONY
Declined at First to Take The
Stand on the Advice of
an Attorney.
The Wife of a Former Foreman of a
Grand Jury Was Up on Order
of Examination.
Justice of the Peace Groezicger was com*
pelied yesterday to mention the fact to
Mrs. William Gagan, wife of the dmegist
nnd former foreman of a Grand Jury, that
refusing to obey the orders of the court
constitutes contempt and that people are
sometimes sent'to jail for that offense, in
order to get her to take the witness-stand.
Mrs. Gagan was up on order of exam
ination in the case of William Schaefer vs.
John J. O'Brien in order to ascertain
whether or not she is indebted to the de
fendant.
Mrs. Gagan built an elegant residence
for herself and her husband and some of
the workmen were not paid by the con
tractor. Among them was Schaefer, who
obtained judgment for $175 and coats for
painting work unpaid for. There seemed
to be nothing on which to fasten an exe
cution, so Mrs. Ga^an, as the capitalist of
the firm, was served with an order of ex
amination for the purpose mentioned.
At the time the examination was first
set for hearing the druggist's wife did not
appear and the matter was continued.
Before it came up the second time an in
junction was pued out in the Superior
Court ordering the plaintiff to proceed no
further in the matter of the examinat ion.
Mrs. Gazan appenred, however, with
her husband, a former newspaper re
porter, and when the plaintiff's attorney
insisted on questioning her. Justice
Groezinger ordered the examination to
proceed, the injunction having no appli
cation to him. It was tnen that Mrs.
Gagan's husband grew angry.
On the advice of her attorney, Mrs.
Gagan at first declined to take the stand,
but later when the law of contempt waa
quoted to her by the Justice she consented
to testily. Her husband was angry, as be
did not like people to know the sources
of the Ga-an income.
On the stand Mrs. Gagan stated that the
money with which their house was built
was ail hers and that she had signed cer
tain documents relating to the transac
tions apoertaining to the work, but did
not know what they were, tint did not
know whether the owed the contractors
anythinS or not, but she did know that
the edifice had cost something like $13,000.
She was finally released from the ordeal,
but not before the plaintiff's attorney had
announced that he would require her to
appear again to answer other questions.
Mr. Gagan stated that his wife was per
fectly willing to pay the bills that had
been contracted in the building of their
home, but would rather know who was
entitled to toe money before disburs
ing it.
JOY'S VEGETABLE SARSAPARILLA WILL
brine to your cheek the pink of health, the
roses ol life. It cleanses the blood.
TOY'S VEGETABLE SARSAPARILLA TAKES
** away the surplus bile and leaves the liver
iv perfect order. It ia a true liver regulator.
T _ VJ _ [ ______ < __^. NEW TO-DA.T
T*7E HAVE A BRAND OF CONDENSED MILK FROM WHICH THE BOARD
»» of Health says the "animal" fat, or butter fat, is extrac.ed. We are not in a posi-
tion to contradict this statement.
Can only say that it i? packed by respectable representatives of American industry
as their i.igh grade, it is but little known on this coast, but we have n::d large sale
among missionaries in China, Japan sna Korea, where we sold quant; les each
month. Have been nine yeara in »ecurin<; tins trade, which formerly went from New
i ork via Liverpool or London. It is now "knocked out" by three lines from the
city s representatives. They seem to rejoice at this, but it pinches us terribly.
5 GENTS.
We do not recommend this fine milk or guarantee its contents. In fact we warn
purchasers against its u-e because we have to in orler to escape arre«t and punish-
ment for selling it. We will close out the balance on hand to-day. 100 dozen at
5 GENTS
And agree to import no more until after the Drasent officers are retired or acquire a
more wholesome view of what is to the interest o. buyers. From 20 cents dowu to
5 GENTS.
You can experiment with a single can. If found O X set a case. If not in every
way satisfactory we will return the amount you pay us for the trial can.
5 GENTS.
An intelligent miner writes: "Seni us a case of that milk from which the 'animal'
fat baa been removed. When I want milk I want purs milk: if I want AXLE
GREASE I know where to get it."
Our bargains of yesterday in Underwear continued for two more days.
Our High-Grade Baltimore Oysters still on saie at 7 cents.
Currant Jelly, which the lady who put up claims i- pure, 6 cents.
Great big Bath Towels 20x46 <;o to-day at 10 cats.
Fine high-grade good width Black Goods for Dress, tiJ4 cents.
S, ca.s:h:
STORE,
- - MARKET ST., NEAR FERRY.
<Y tf.BS FAI L Oq
DOCTOR SWEANY
20 TEARS' EXPEBIINCE.
Recognlßtd by the entire medical fraternity as the
LEADING AN. > MOST SUCCESSFUL
SPECIALIST
IN THE WORLD.
The doctor is a graduate from the best medi-
cal colleges in the world. Diplomas and
licenses bang on the walls of his office. He
has had many years of experience in the lead-
ing Eastern hospitals, besides his many years
of wonderful success in practice. .
' He publishes no names of patients nor their
diseases, but cures them, and any one in need
of his services desiring references can be shown
hundreds of testimonials on file in his office,
which grateful patients have requested him
to use.
I\7Ll\r DO THE SICK TEOPLE OF
W II V THIS VICINITY 'CROWD HIS
▼ ▼ a m ■ OFFICE DAILY ?
I r> ¥"}/"♦ A I Tr r^ The" wonderful
■""» I~~\L jf\. \ 1 l~i en res he has made
! m "^r^*rz- ... *A"'.*<.*p have created con-
fidence and delight In the haarts 01 those
who have struggled In vain for years against
the ravages of disease, until the successful
doctor, whose picture appears above, gave
them the opportunity to get well.
BUSINESS MEN
Now realize the fact that DR. SWEAXY can be
depended upon to fulfill his promises in every
respect, and he now numLers aoiong his pa-
tients many of the most prominent business
men of this city and vicinity. ■ lie treats ail
medical and surgical diseases.
VOI TNO MFISI If ? ou » re troubled
lUUIIU ITICrN with, pimples, tired
feelings, gloomy foreboding", palpitation of
heart, hot flushes, blood? rushing to the head,
ringing in the ears, evil dreams, night emis-
sions, wandering mind, weak memory, dark
circles under the- eyes, dizziness, poor appe-
tite, stupidness, despondency, loss of energy,
ambition and . s-lf-confidence, which, abso-
lutely unfit you for study, business or mar-
riage, you should take -treatment from this
noted specialist before it is too late. : M ;■■■■
MIDDLE-AGED AND OLD MEN
There are thousands of you troubled with wssk,
aching backs and kidneys, white or brick dust
sediment in urine, too frequent urination and
other unmistakable signs of nervous debility
and premature decay. Many die of this diffi-
culty, ignorant of the cause. The most ob-
stinate cases of this character treated with un-
failing success. Delay is dangerous. ,
DD |V ATP Diseases— Uonorrhea,
ri\.l 1 C strictures, Syphilis, Hydro-
cele, Vttricocel*, Tenderness, Swellings, Weak-
ness of Organs, quickly cured without pain or
detention from business. * •-..
C A T A PD H— Which poisons the breath,
v ' r » ■ r * I > I V | ' stomach and lungs and
paves the way for Consumption, Lung, Liver,
Heart, Kidney and all constitutional and in-
ternal troubles; also Rupture, Piles, Fistula,
treated far in advance of any institution in the
country. ■ .
BLOOD AND SKIN l\\ls*^
Pimples,- Sciofula, Ta'nts, Tumors, Tetter,
Eczema and Blood Poison, primary or secon-
dary, thoroughly eradicated, leaving the sys-
tem In a strong, pure and healthful state. .
I A TUP 1 ? :ii you are suffering from per-
Li/IUILiO sistent Headache or any other
distressing ailments peculiar to your sex, you
should consult Dr. Sweany without delay. 1 He
cures when others fail. . .
SCIENTIFIC TREATriENT.
In Seminal Weakness." like all other ail-
ments, the peculiarities shown in each case
will differ and each ; case 1 must be studied by
itself and treated according to the conditions
existing in that particular case. No two cases
can be cured with the same treatment, as no
two cases are alike. This is why Dr. Sweany
has no single remedy which he deals out as a
"cure-all," nor any mechanical contrivances
such as "electric belts," which are heralded to
the world as a remedy for all ills. His medi-
cal education condemns such methods. -. Every ■
case that he undertakes to cur« is treated
scientifically with such remedies . and- such
means as in ' his judgment that particular
case requires . in ' order to effect a speedy and
permanent cure. •• ■ ; - • ■ ;■; -.-■
WPITP Your J troubles '■ if « living away
f."i!v* *■•-*■ from the city. Thousands cured
at home by correspondence and medicine sent
as directed. Letters answered in English, Ger-
man, French, Italian, Swedish, Norwegian or
Danish, r*!; ■v -, ....■-■ *-...-■.- .;■-■, <-;:.< *<; .?>: *.■-■■,■-.
Absolute secrecy in all professional dealings.
Office hours: 0 9 to 12 a. m., 2 to 5 and 7 to 8
p. M. Sunday, 10 a. m. to 12 M. Address '
DR. F. L. SWEANY,
737 Market St., San Francisco, Cal.
• (Opposite "Examiner" Office). '
STATEMENT
OF. THE .'.
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
NORTHfESTINIUTUAL
NORTHMEN IIIJTOAL
LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY "':
OF MILWAUKEE, IX THE STATE OF WlS-
consln. on tne Slst day of December, A. D.
1836, and for the year ending on Him. <Uy. mane
to the Insurance Commissioner or th>. State of
California, pursuant 10 the requirements ot sco-
tlon 613 of the Political Cede of sai 1 state ,
(APHAL.
Amount of Capital Stock paid op
in Cash $
■^. A<SKTS.
! Net value of Real Estate owned by
the Company 814,791 83
Amount of Loans secured by Bond . .
and Mortgage on Real i.ttate 66,871 974 65
Premium uote< and loans in any . .
form taken in -payment of pre-
' ■liunn on pclicles now in force.: - - 886,804 03
Cash market value of all Mocks
and Bonds on ned by the Com- '
P»»y ................... 14,613,770 06
Amount of Cash 011 hand in Com- *
pany's office 126,840 72
Amount of Cash deposited In"
. Banks 1,794.44338
Interest due anrt accrued........... 1,U3r,b51 44
Rents line and accrued :.v V, 166 88
Net amount of iremtnms In pro-
cess of collection, and of deferred
premiums 1,567,146 St
Cash loans to policy-holders on this - ■■
Company's I'OUcies esslcn^d as ,
collateral ..:..... 3,817,235 00
Total Assets....... .$92.853.603 74
, LIABILITIES. ~~~v~vT
1 Claims for death losses and ma-
turret ' endowments, due and un-
paid ....... ...................... , $75,670 50
Ciaims for death losses and ma-
tured rn;on':Len!i in proce.ll of
adjustment, or adjusted ' but not
due V..... :-..:...:. 184,856 CO
Claims r^oatrd 1 ., the Company... 112,701) Oil
Net present va'ue on all the out-
standing policies, computed at.*
corUiug to the combined Experi-
ence lubes 01 Mortality, with
four per cent interest..... ' ..:..:.. 751,601,674 00
Amount of all unpaid dividends to -
policy-holders 102,170 00
Jfresen: value of amounts not yet
. due on matured installment, poli-
cies ' 86.5J7647
All other demands against ' the
Company. 49 349 03
Total Liabilities $73 122,596 00
INCOME. ~~
Cash received for premiums on =
new policies during the year $1,771,950 53
Cash received for renewal of pre- , -: ' .
miums during the year...... 12,479,473 49
Cash received for sale of annuities. 11,750 28
Cash received for interes .;..... : 4,182,709 32
Cash receive.! for rents 124.&03 89
Cash received from all : other
•r sources....'.. _ 19,140 87
Total 1nc0me..... $18,589,838 43
expenditures! ■ ■•. ."
Cash paid for losses : and matured
endowments $4,058,670 74
Cash paid to annuitant 5...... ....... 3,086 28
Paid for surrendered policies 880,262 18
Paid tor dividends to policy hold- ' • -
er5:."..;..:.....;... 1,572.627 ; 61
I'remium notes voided by lapse ■ 10.b81 68
Commissions paid to agents ' 1,591,835 74
salarleii and o.her compensation of ■
 ofllcin and employes, except -■■•jo.-;.i
agents anJ medical examiners... 326,739 48-
Jletiicr.l examiners' lee 3 and sal-'
aries..:... 119.198 78
Cash paid lor taxes.. . 1*31,475 07
Cash paid for rents r 33.010 00
I a-iti I aid tor commuting c0mmi5-
5i0n5...... ............ 28,209 85
All other cash payments 40. ,'296 0-"
To a; Expenditures during the ■ ->
year :......... $9.146,783 43
PREMIUM-NOTE ACCOUNT.
Premium notes and ,
other premium ob-
ligations ai b-gin- >
niuij of th- year... 18, 301 84
Premium, note* and •
other premium ob- .
. llga.ious • received .
during the year..... 87,724 35—
T0ta1............ $306.026 19
Deductions during the year as
follows:
Amount of notes and . ■
other premium ob-
ligations used, in
payment of ' losses '
■ and c1aim5........... $19,435 44
Amount of noes and '. .
other -premium | ob- ■ '
- ligations used ! In '
. purchase of surren-
"■■ dered policies. ' 7,356
Amount of note* and g
. other premiuci ob- .
llcutloi.s • used in
payment of divi- -
dends . to policy- • .
holcers. 66,902 71  .-'■.:
Amount of notes and
other premium Ob- '■■ "■' '-.
ligations voided by w^BBSSSH^&^^^gS/
lapse of policies..:.. 10 88168
Amount of notes and S|l*
other premium ob- ; . ,
* ligations 'redeemed
.by maker in casu... 25 055 57— - .
iotal red uc ion of Premium- '-'-■■. . '
Note Account..... ' 119,633 '•
Balance, no. • assets at end of . ; .
the year ....'.'. 8386.39403
' H. L. PALMER, President
> ; : u-'-ii J. W. SKi.N.VKR, Secretary. -
.Subscribed and sworn to before me this 3d day
of February, 1897. '- ' ••"' ' " "
- : P.K. SANBORN, Notary Public. "-»
CLARENCE~M. SMITH,
(JEjiußAt "AGENT, ■ -'I
Rooms 110, 112, 114, Phelan Building,
San Francisco, Cal.
1 ■ . ■ . ..' '
56
FRIDAY APRIL, 9, 1897
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDUE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-PostajoFree!
Dally and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier.. $0.15
Dally end Sunday Call, one year, by mall 6.00
Dally and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 3.00
Daily and Sunday Call, three months by mail 1.50
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mail.. .65
Bunday Call, one year, by mall 1.60
WfcUtLY Call, one year, by mall 1.60
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco. California.
Telephone Maln-1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay Street.
Telephone Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
627 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
9 :30 o'cUclc
339 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Parkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
t-\V. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, open
until 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth street, open until 9 o'clock.
1506 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
NW. cermer Twenty-second and Kentucky
Streets; open till 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICB
-9JB Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE;
Booms 31 and 32, 34 Park Row. Sew Tor* City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Eastern Manager.
♦ THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
i'areweii. Chief Crowley; all bail, Chief
Lees.
We have lost a good Chief of Police, but
there is another.
It is springtime, says the almanac It
is summer, says the weather bureau.
The experience of the boulevard workers
is that even a barbecue isn't always what
ii is cooked up to be.
Th« wool industry has already felt the
effect of the corring protpctive tariff and
prices have begun to climb.
The touievard fund claims attention
once more. Now is the time to give it a
lift and keep the work moving.
There seems to be no leader in Europe
either for war or for peace and everything
is drifting to a general cataclysm.
It seems about as difficult to blockade
the war movement in Europe as it is to re
strain the Mississippi in this country.
This is the kind of weather which gives
a man the tired feeling at his business, but
a superabundant energy for a holiday.
The Qaeen's jubilee will be a wasteful
holiday for the American tourist and a
harvest time for the London shopkeeper.
It will be noticed that McKinley hasn't
overworked himself nnd been forced to go
fishing for a rest. He isn't that kind of a
statesman.
The Mississippi floods tnls year are said
to be the largest in the history of the river.
They have a faculty of growing up with
the country.
The workingmen in the East who have
beeun striking for higher wages are de
cidedly premature. The Dingley tariff is
not in operation yet
The Dingley bill will have a hard strug
gle in the Senate, but there is no danger
that it will corue out so tattered and shorn
as the Wilson bill did.
Now that the lowa has been tested for
Breed and proven good it wouldn't be a
bad idea to send her to Cuban waters and
try her fighting powers.
Carnival talk is now heard all over the
State from Los Angeles to Lateport. It
is going to be a festal sea«onfor California
and a trood time for all who have a frolic
some spirit.
Jerry Simpson's attack on Speaker Reed
emphasizes the importance of the Reed
rules to the House. Just imagine what
the proceedings would be like if Jerry
were permitted to have his own way.
Protection to American ships should be
provided for at the same time as protec
tion to other industries. With the in
crease of our products there should bean
increase of commercial power to send
them all over the world.
It is said tbe loss entailed by the Missis-
Bippi floods this year would have more
than repaid the cost of works which would
permanently prevent them, but the trou
ble is nobody seems to know how such
works should be constructed, even if the
Nation were willing to pay for them.
Not a single alliance arranged by the
diplomatists of Europe has withstood the
strain put upon it by the Cretan crisis.
Public opinion has overcome secret in
trigue and the press is now doing more to
shape the course of the nations than all
the diplomatists and statesmen put to
gether.
The Board of Health hai adopted a good
Jine of work in enforcing the pure-food
law. and if it hews to the line it will have
public support, no matter where the
chips may fall. California produces an
abundance of good foods of all kinds, and
there is no reason why adulterated arti
cles should be sold here.
In attacking the Salisbury Ministry and
supporting the cau'e of Greece, the Lon
don Chronicle declares: "England's higb
est and holiest concern is to be the helper
of free nationalities." It is evident from
this that enthusiasm can attain to uncon
scious humor just as easily as the sub
lime can reach the ridiculous.
The city elections in the East this year
constitute a decided case of mixed pickles.
Chicago went Democratic, bnt St. Louis
went Republican. Several towns in Ohio
elected Democrats, but in Kansas the Re
publicans had the best of it. It looks as
if the people everywhere wanted a change
and had started a variety show.
St. Helena has organized a Board of
Trade and will work fdr the establish
ment of a sugar refinery, a creamery, a
cannery and a fruit-dryer. These aims
are not beyond the attainment of the com
munity, and if the people generally give
proper support to the leaders in the enter
prises all of them may be accomplished
in a comparatively short time.
The fact that a steamship is to be fitted
with refrigerators to carry ice from Cali
fornia to Alaska is one of the cariosities
of commerce. It is not stranger, however,
tban many other commercial ventures.
In fact, "carrying coals to Newcastle" is
now a commonplace of trade, and there is
scarcely a department of commerce that
does not show some apparent paradox of
the kind.
WATCH THE TARIFF.
The Senate Committee on Finance is busily engaged in revising the tariff bill as
it came from the House. What alterations will be made cannot^e foreseen. Parties
are closely drawn in the Senate, and tne chances for a reduction of duties from the
House rates are hardly less than those for an increase. The situation is at any rate
one which requires watchfulness on the part of the members of every industry whose
interests are involved in the bill.
Incessant vigilance is particularly necessary to Californians. Reports from Wash
ington show that New York importers are making earnest efforts to obtain a reduction
on the duties imposed upon fruit, nuts, olive oil and other products which are pro
duced no where in the Union except in California. A strong attempt will be made
also to break down the duty fixed on woo!. In fact, a fight for free raw material and
food products will be waged all along the line, and in the present evenly divided con
dition of the Senate these assaults constitute a danger we cannot afford to ignore or
despise.
Well-informed correspondents say that the pressure that is being brought to bear
upon the committee is tremendous. That pressure we must counteract so far as it is
antagonistic to California industries and interests. The Senate can make a tariff bill
without our aid, of course ; but if it does so it will ruake one against us. If we are not
vigorous in maintaining our cause ourseives we cannot expect others to be so. The
California influence should be felt at Washington not less than the New York in»
fluence, for otherwise the industry of the California producer may be sscrificed to the
greed of the New York importer.
It must be remembered that the Senat9 is so divided at this time that it may be
impossible to enact a tariff which will not be to a large extent a compromise bill.
The party of protection as a National sy«tem does not control the Senate. The Ding
ley bill, so wisely drawn in the Home, may be badly distorted before the Senators
finish with it. This is the danger which confronts us. It is sufficiently serious to
call for earnest attention on the part of the people of California. We cannot afford to
have the Dingley duties reduced on wool, fruit, raisins, lumber or any other product
of the State. This, therefore, is the time for incessant vigilance on our part. Watch
the tariff.
EX-OHIEF CROWLEY.
The retirement of Patrick Crowley from
the position of Chief of Police, which he
has so long and so worthily filled, affords
to the people of San Francisco a good op
portunity for makins known to him the
popular esteem for his c aracter and the
public appreciation of the manner in
which he has performed the arduous,
dangerous and complex duties of the
office.
It is right and fitting that the press
should give some expression to public
sentiment in this regard, and The Call
gladly and cheerfully does so. J?"or many
years Chief Crowley has been the most
noted Chief of Police in the United States.
He has enjoyed a N&tional fame rather
than a local reputation. Among oiticers
of the law throughout all parts of the
United States bis work has been known
and the esteem in which he has been held
has been high. No other city in the
Union has had an official in a similar
capacity who has served it so well or
whose general repute has been so wide
spread, and in whose energy, honesty
and sagacity there has been so much pub
lic coniidence.
The duties of a Chief of Police are of a
nature that require the highest personal
characteristics in the man who is to per
form ihem with success and honor. A
Chief of Police must be a clean man per
sonally, free from all evil association. He
must be a man of marked sagacity, able
to see his way cUarly to the solution of
the most difficult problems of law and
crime so that the evildoers may be sup
pressed and the innocent saved from
wrong. He must oe a mau of couraee,
whom no dangers can daunt, and of hon
esty which no bribes can subvert. He
must have, moreover, that discretion in
the management of delicate matters which
will enable people to entrust him with con
fidential secrets without fear that they
will bo disclosed. All of these character
istics Chief Crowley possessed, and along
with them he had an energy which en
abled him to put them into gooi effect in
every emergency that arose.
After more than twenty- four years of
service, in which he has faithfully per
formed every duty entrusted to him, the
Chief now goes into retirement with a
record on which there is no snot or stain
or mark that mars. It is a clear, clean,
honest record, one of which the Chief may
be proud and iv which his children and
his children's children may rightly re
joice.
The people of San Francisco may also
take a just pride in having bad so excel
lent an officer in this difficult position
and in having supported him in it for so
long a time. His career is as creditable
to the community that upheld him as it
is to himself. Now in his old age, as he
goes into retirement to enjoy the rest and
pension he has so well deserved, he will
continue to be honored as he has been in
the past. He will long serve the people
of San Francisco as a model by which all
future chiefs of police may mold their
standard of action, and it will be ac
counted praise for even the best of them
to be said that he is a worthy successor of
Patrick Crowley.
THE MISSISSIPPI FLOODS.
The act of Congress appropriating $200,
--000 for tbe relief of the sufferers by the
Mississippi floods will be well received by
the country. Congress in fact could have
hardly done otherwise. Since we have
been liberal in giving aid to India and
o:her foreign countries we could not hesi
tate in extending help to our own cuun
trymen when they need it.
The fund thru bestowed by the Govern
ment will be but a small part of the help
which will be given to the stricken peo
ple. Private charity will far exceed it in
generosity and in amount, and it Is certain
that so far as charity can repair the evil
wrought by the flood it will be done.
The serious feature of the situation is
that the relief granted by the Government
or given by private generosity will be only
a temporary expedient. It will not in
any way prevent the occurrence of simi
lar disasters in the future. In fact the
Mississippi problem is rapidly becom
ing chronic. Floods to a greater or less
extent occur every year, and, moreover,
they increase in the amount of damage
and disaster which they bring to the peo
ple who live along the banks of the great
river. Thus the work of relief done this
year will probably have to be repeated
next year, and so on until at last appro
priations for the Mississippi flood suffer
ers may become a permanent charge upon
the Government
It is evident that the attempts made to
restrain the river by levees are worse than
futile. They aggravate the evil instead of
applying a remedy for it. The higher the
levees are built, the higher is raised the
bed of the river. The more narrow the
bounds of the stream are made the more
terrible are the floods that overflow them.
All the waters which drain into that im
mense basfn whicn lies between the
Rocky and the Allegbauy mountains must
be carried off by the single great stream,
and it is a physical Impossibility to dam
up these waters on their way to the sea.
The problem is one of the most difficult
which confronts American engineering.
It seems that the only solution must bo
one which will widen the mouths of the
Mississippi so as to allow a freer flow of
water to the sea, or else a system of irriga
tion which would enable it to overflow
the whole of the lowlands of Arkansas,
Louisiana and Mississippi, as the Nile
overflows Egypt. To each of these plans
there are objections, but they are not ao
serious as those which can be urged
against the ievee system. While the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 9, 1897.
levees stand there will be overflows of in
creasing magnitude, whereas by the adop
tion of either of the other plan*, such
evils as result would be of a fixed nature,
easily calculated beforehand, and would
not entail the dangers which rosult from
a continual rise in the bed of the river and
a continual increase in the extent of its
recurring floods.
THE REED BULES.
The attack of Jerry Simpson upon the
rules under which the House of Repre
sentatives does business is not wholly to
be regretted. As Speaker Reed himself
said, it is juat as well to have the subject
brought up for consideration in order that
the people may understand it and if any
thing wrong be discovered the remedy
applied promptly by Congress.
Mr. Simpson began his attack by read
ing an article from a Washington news
paper and an extract from an article in
the current number of the Forum by Sen
ator Hoar to which we called attention a
few days ago. These articles, according
to Mr. Simpson, afforded him authority
for declaring tnat the present rules of the
House are subversive of the independence
of the members and deprive them of the
power oi riphily representing their con
stituents. Using them as texts he deliv
ered a harangue in which he alternately
denounced the Speaker as a czar and tne
House as a body of cringing slaves.
The article by Senator Hoar affords Mr.
Simpson no authority for his assertion,
although some passages in it could be
selected which teem to do so. The gen
eral tenor of the article is that it would be
impossible for the House to transact busi
ness at all without the new rules which
have been adopted, and which are so vig
orously enforced by Speaker Reed. Sena
tor Hoar points out that obstruction in
the Senate is as nothing when compared
to the obstruction practiced iv the House
whenever it is permitted.
Under the former rulss of the House it
was possible for one or two men by filibus
tering to render it impossible for a ma
jority to carry out any legislation what
ever. What Senator Hoar said about the
new rules, therefore, was not intended by
him and would not be construed by any
intelligent readeras a condemnation either
of the Speaker or of the majority in the
House. Hts whoie object was to show
that the House is not a better legislative
body than the Senate, and that current
criticisms on Senatorial proceedings which
account them as inferior to tne method of
procedure in the House are unjust, un
fair and not supported by facts.
The reply of Mr. Reed to the attack of
the member from Kansas was exactly
what it should have been. Clearly and
coolly the Speaker called attention to the
fact that be is simply the agent of the
House, entrusted with the duty of execut
ing tha rules which the House itself has
adopted. He has no power to exercise
except that which has been given him by
the majority. That power, he has reason
to believe, is not seriously objected to by
any considerable number, even among the
members of the opposition.
Leaders of the House of all parties
recognize the necessity of the new rules
for the transaction of business. This was
shown by the mariner with which Mr.
Simpson's attack was received. It found
no support Jrom any man of weight and
influence on either side of the House,
while on the other hand the delense of
tlje Speaker was greeted with general ap
plause. The sentiment of the country is
the same as that of Congress. The people
desire that public business shall be
promptly transacted, and by enforcing the
rules which enable the House of Repre
sentatives to fulfil] this desire Mr. Reed
lias made himself the most popular
Speaker since the days of James G. Blame.
THE NEw THEORY.
New York Sun.
"Greet the brethren with a holy kiss" was
the old Christian Injunction. "Greet the
brethren with shot and shoil" is the new
theory of the great powers of Europe. And
the heathen rejo.ce exceedingly.
OLDEST WEST FOJNI GRADUATE.
A correspondent of the Washington Star cor
rects the statement that General Ruggles is
the oldest living graduate of West Point. The
honor, he says, belongs to Brevet Major-Gen
eral George S. Greene (flrst lieutenant, U. S. A.,
retired), who entered the academy on June 24,
1819, was graduated In 1823, nine years be
iore General Kuggles, and served with gal
lautry in the volunteers during the Civil War.
He is now iv his ninety-sixth year, and is ntlll
able to attend banquets, reunions, etc. He is
the father of Colonel Francis V. Greene of this
city.
THE RICHEST AMERICAN.
Chicago Record.
It is said that William Waldorf Astor will be
a billionaire before be reaches the allotted age,
and that he will follow the precedent set by
his great-grandfather, John Jacob Astor, iv
transmitting hi* fortune to his eldest son.
Should he become a billionaire his income at 6
per cent Interest would be $60,000,000 a year,
$.1,000,000 a month, $1,171,154 a week. $106,
--849 a day. $<>952 05 an hour, $115 87 a min
ute and .* 1 93 a second.
As to the wealth of Andrew Carnegie and
John Wanamater, tin- iron and steel king is
said to be worth $20,000,000, and the mer
chant prince $10,000,000.
ORIGIN OF IHE WORD TARIFF
Harper's Round Table.
Every day when we own our morning news*
paper and read the political discussions In Its
columns, we are sure to come; across ionic
thing about the tariff. Every one knows the
meaning of the word tariff, but It is not gen
erally known where it originated. It is of
Moorish origin, and descended to us from the
time when the Moors occupied a goodly part
ol Spain. In those days they built a fort to
u * rd ,t Ue ? trait ol Gibraltar, «nd they called
it lama, it was the custom ol these people
to levy duties according to a fixed scale, which
they adopted and cnanged from time to time,
even as much as we do our own tariff laws, on
the merchandise of all vessels passing in and
out of the Mediterranenan. They claimed the
right by virtue of strength^ and for years
netted a rich income.
CABINET MEMBERS AS SINGERS.
Secretary Lone is reputed to be the musical
member of the Cabinet. He sings bHss in the
choir of the Unitarian church at Hingham
and belongs to a musical society in Boston
which gives oratorios, cantatas and other seri
ous music. It is claimed that the Secretary
can carry the bass to an anthem, writes W. E.
Curtis, as well as any singer in all the six
States of New England, ana that he used to
sing in church when he was yountr.
Secretary Alger is a good deal of a hand at a
war song, and will be a great addition to Sen
ator Halwey's choir at Loyal Legion banquets,
but he does not pretend to have any technical
knowledge of religious music.
Mr. Sherman does not know one tnne from
another. During the lasi campaign, while he
was stumping in Ohio, the band played "I'm
Looking for the Bully of the Town" to open
his meeting. As soon as it finished that splen
did air Mr. Sherman arose and declared that
nothing so inspired a citizen with patriotism
for the performance of his duties to his coun
try as tne majestic strains of our grand old
National hymn, '-The Star-spangled Banner,"
and he thanked the band for giving him the
text for his speech. Everybody laughed, of
course, and Mr. Sherman said afterward that
it was the most irreverent audience he has
ever addressed.
PERSONAL
J. M. Life of Fort Jones is at the Rms.
F. P. Johnson of San Diego is in the City.
A. G. White of U>ndon is at the Occidental.
D. H. Griffin of Washington, D. C, Is at the
Palace.
Robert L. Hargrave of Madera arrived here
yesterday.
Walter McDougal, a business man of Chicago,
is in town.
John W. Butler of Marshfleld, Or., is on a visit
to the City.
Dr. H. P. Mttheweon of Vlsalia is registered
at the Kan.
General N. P. Chipman of Red Bluff is a
visitor here.
L. Lorenz of the steamsnip Ciiy of Everett
is in the City.
Dr. Oiborne Knight of Auckland is here on a
tour of ihe world.
General P. W. Murphy of Santa Margarita
is at the Baldwin.
J. A. McKenzie, a merchant of Merced, ar<
rived here yesterday.
Charles Mugirleson of Janesville, Wig., Is
among recent arrivals.
J. D. Bradley, a business man of Merced, is
quartered at the Grand.
George G. Stead, a leading merchant of
Christchurch, X. Z., is in the City.
Colonel J. E. Campbell of the British army
in India is hero en route to England.
I-aac Gibbs, manager of the New Zealand
Shipping Company, Auckland, is in town.
Andrew Brown, a general merchant, mine
and mill owner of Ke-nville, is at the Grand.
C. C. Clarke, a wealthy resident of New York,
is at the Palace, accompanied by his servant.
George Pirie, who is connected with an ex
tensive woolen-mill in New Zealand, is in the
City.
O. E. Krau«*e, a business man of Sslem, Or.,
Is at the Lick accompanied by his wife and
children.
Colonel T. W. Brooks of Pomona arrived here
yesterday and is at tne Grand. He has not
been here before for ten years.
Hon. A. I. Clark, Attorney-General of Tas
mania, was one of the arrivals by the Mono
wai yesterday. He is at the Occidental.
John Brockman, the discoverer o( thePearce
mine, Pearce, Ariz., and D. M. Barringer of
Philadelphia were among yesterday's arrivals
here.
Major Elliot of the Fortieth Regiment, and
secretary to the Governor of New Zealand, who
is the Earl of Glasgow, Is at the California.
The major is a cousin of Lady Glasgow.
John C. Lynch of Cucomonga, San Diego
County, ex-epeaker of the Assembly, who, ac
cording to a late Washington dispatch, is to t c
Collector of Internal Revenue, is among the
guests of the Baldwin.
CALIFORNIANS IN NE >V YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 8.-At the Plaza,
F. T. Brennan; Continental. H. B. Chapin,
Miss Chapin; Grand Union, Mr. and Mrs. C. L.
Goddard, H. Waldick, E. B. B'ackwell, of Cali
fornia; Ashland, J. F. Valentine; Grand, A.
Goldberg; Gilsey. W. G. Harri-on.
FOR MAHOMET.
BALLAD OP THE Tim
It was the good Lord Salisbury
Blood at the ensile Kate.
A many men and many snips
Upon h\% bidding wait.
"Go for.h." he said, "ye seamen,
Great la the Sultan's need,
Ihe crescent fall* fire the cross
Unless ye make good speed.
"To sea! to sea! brave sailors,
Hold roe the sea-*atei fast,
For Marathon and ."-alamls
▲re living from the past.
Mahomet fears Greek valor
Led by the sea king's son.
Oh. countrymen of Nelson !
Haste, ere the tight ba won!"
Then, put to pea the vessels.
While hearty English cheers
For Proohet and for Crescent
Amazed surrounding ears.
And In tn* ancient Hellas
The so. (tiers lathered free,
Prom the cities and the country
And the land beyond the sea.
But all the warships clustered
Like lions round their prey,
And Italy am Germany
And KianoA were there that day.
King Lou. s the Crusader
• Gazed down from heaven high
V ith many » Hohenzo tern
And many a Pope theieoy.
Chi woe for slaughtered Christians!
V\ o* ! for the wasted land !
Alas and woe when time shall show
The lightning* of God's baud.
His purpose w.il not tarry,
Ills messages are strong.
And they who fight against that might
Wage not the battle long
M: __^ —New York Time*.
WITH YOUR COFFEE
Jenks— That was a tough thing about Lowry,
wasn't it ?
1 Jones— What was that?
Jenk»— The rubber hose he got tangled np in.
McPherson— McLaurin must be a man of
Tery large wealth.
McKlrdy — I hear that everything he has is
in soak.
McPherson— lmpossible I I thought all his
wealth was in real estate.
McKirdy— So it is, but It's down along the
Mississippi.
A slate fell off a roof and fatally injured an
aged office-seeker, whose life had been spent in
a ceaseless quest for pie.
When the doctor told him he must prepare
for another and better world he faintly smiled.
"At last," he feebly murmured, "at last I'm
slated for a mighty good place."
And then ho died.— Cleveland Plain Dealer.
"When you are absorbed in your business
cares downtown to-day, Herbert, you will for
get your little wife entirely."
"No, darling, that steak you cooked for me
with your own sweet hands this morning for
breakfast will keep you in my memory every
minute of the day." — Chicago Times.
"What do you consider the hardest problem
of a man's existence?"
"Getting his own consent to crawl outof bed
In the morning."— Chicago Record.
Moss— This paper says that 5000 people ran
be crowded into La Rcula In Ml an.
| Foss— We have something In this country
that can beat that.
Moss— What is it ?
Foss— A New York elevated train.— New York
Tribune.
Dr. Ende— There's nothing serious the mat
ter with Patsy, Mrs. M ulcahey. I think a little
soap and water will do him as much good as
anything.
Mrs. Mulcahey— Yis.docther, an' will Oi give
it to him bef oor or aither his males.— Judge.
Amy— Mabei, do yon ever think about mar
riage 7
Mabel— Think is no name for it I worry.—
Harlem Life.
STEALING COFFIN BOARDS FROM INDIAN GRAVES.
That is what led to the famous Indian outbreak on the Rogue River, Oregon, forty years
ago. The white settlers ravaged the graves of the Indians' dead for the boards of which the
coffins were built. The Indians, whose relatives were thus horribly insulted after death, finally
uprose and precipitated a massacre. Lieutenant George W. Miller, an active participant in
that remarkable affair, now resides at Belvedere, where a Call writer interviewed him this
week. His graphic narrative, fully il.ustrated, will appear in next Sunday's Call.
The advent ol Easter week will see the advent of the Easter Girl, decked out in the most
wonderful of fine leathers. An Easter girl has written all about her lovely type and what she
has been doing in the way 01 preparing for Easter, and on one of the pages of next Suxday'B
• Call she will bloom in regal splendor.
If you're a man, perhaps you marvel at the awful cost of Easter bonnets. The Call sent a
man out shopping among the milliners' stores this week, and his experiences were rich. Cal
ver went along and took snapshots of him while in the first shock of surprise at what he
learned, and while in the act of retreating from the milliner's austere glance as she demanded
to know why he didn't send his wife along.
The picture of a trolley-boat flying across the Atlantic under water, together with the text
explaining how it might be done will be another singular feature of The Sunday Call.
Did any of our Sin Francisco girls ever hear of a "chloroform spree"? One who tried the
experiment, "just to see ho tv it felt," has related her thrilling sensations for the readers of
The Sunday call
"Reminiscences of Adolph Sutro," with an interview, recalling the days of the great Sutro
tunnel agitation ana for the first time presenting the famous capitalist in illustration as a
miner, will appear in the same paper.
There will also be:
A freshly illustrated and carefully written book page.
A complete theatrical page.
An up-to-date society mirror.
"Marcella's" inimitable fashion letters, fully illustrated, supplemented by some special
Easter designs.
A chatty New York letter.
A letter from London on Alfred Parsons, the artist, who recently attained fresh dix-
Unction.
An unusually readable mining review, illustrated.
A page devoted to the Childhood's Realm, which every little one in California knows and
loves and watches for eagerly every week. Something very important next Sunday.
A well-informed fraternal review.
Adeline Knapp's "Idyls of the Field."
Weekly whist rewiew, announcing something new in local whist clubs.
Another admirable art:cle on the State University by John Bonner.
And all the usual details which go to round out the family Sunday paper of the Pacific
Const.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS
W. A. Smith, editoi ot the Santa Cruz Penny
Press, is one of the new converts to the belief
that California is the coming country. Editor
Smith came from Chicago about five months
ago and bought the little Santa Cruz daily,
since which time ho has been content with life
ami enraptured with the world.
"I have been in many parts of the world
lately." said Mr. Smith, as he smoked a Havana
at the Grand Hotel, yesterday, "but I had not
believed there was such a paradise on this
continent as Santa Cruz, l'ou couldn't get me
back to Chicago, with its jam and noise of
human beings and its erratic climate. The
dust and smoke, blizzards, winds and sun
strokes of the East are enough to drivo one
mad.
"Santa Cruz li a dream in climate and
scenery, and business is picking up now. New
stores are being opened, tourists are coming
EDITOR W. A. SMITH of the Santa Cruz Penny Press.
in, tront-flshlng is beginning and everybody
down our way is happy.
"The E!g Creek Power Company Is about to
start in on a large scale to supply power for
the electric-cars. It is only one of many
possible enterprises that are yet to make the
city and county famous. I have come to stay,
and the Penny Press pleases me greatly. It
has also come to remain, rumors to the con
trary notwithstanding."
ANSWERS 10 '-L.RRESPONDENTS.
MrsiCAL Glasses— W. W.. City. Some indi
viduals who perform on musical glasses dip
the ends of their lingers in lime juice just be
fore the performance.
Location* of Ranpsbukg— F. E. H., Woodland,
Yolo County, Cal. The locution of Randsburg,
Kern County, is section 35, T. 29 south, 40
east, and section 2, T. 30 soutb, 40 east,
M. D. M.
Federal Officers— Subscriber, City, and F.
N. 8. C, Gilroy. Santa Clara County, Cal. Jonn
Daggett as Superintendent of the Mint took
office August 1, 1893 ; John H. Wise as Collec
tor of the Port took office June 1, 1893.
Birthplace and Education— A., Alameda,
Cal. The Individual named in your communi
cation has been asked the question asked in
your letter, but for reasons best known to
himself he has decline dio f urnish the answers.
Disposing of Property— E. A. 8., Los Angeles,
Cal. If a married man vi i«hes that after bis
death his widow may enjoy his property with
out cost and trouble oi an administration in
court he can in his lifetime deed his property
to her.
Telephones— W. W. 8., Sebastopol, Sonoma
County, CaL In the City of San Francisco
there is the main telephone office and nine
stations or branch officts. There are telephone
stations in about 600 cities and towns in the
State outside of Sau Francisco.
Tennyson— Correspondent, City. Alfred
Tennyson the poet, died at Al; worth House,
near Haslemere, Surrey, October 6, 1892. The
temporary restine place was St. Faith's Chapel,
in Westminister Abbey, and on the 12th of
October they were laid to rest in the poet's
corner, close to the grave of Chaucer. The
magazines of 1892 and 1893 contain many
articles on the poet and his lue. These can be
seen at the Free Public Library.
Sailed for Alaska— R. S. P., Arroyo Grande,
San Luis Ofcispo County, Cal. The following
named vessels sailed from San Francisco for
the far North on the 6th, 7th, 10th and 11th
of April, 1896: 6, schooner Prosper for Cooks
Inlet; 7, brig Hidalgo, on whaling voyage; 7,
ichooner R. \V. Bartlett for Nicholaefski ; 11,
bark Theobald, Cooks Inlet; 10, barkentine
Marlon, Cooks Inlet; and 11, ship Llewellyn
J. Morse for Karlck.
Atjthorttt— o. E. M., Watsonville, Santa
Cruz County, Cal. If a postmaster or a
United States marshal should be murdered in
the State of California the State authorities
would have jurisdiction of the murderer.
When United States Marshal Richardson was
killed in San Francisco in 1856 by Charles
Cora the authorities of San Francisco took
charge of the murderer, aud would have tried
him had not the vigilance committee taken
him out and hanged him.
MEN AND WOMEN.
The Princo of Wales has a collection of over
172 walking-sticks.
Richard Harding Davis has resumed connec
tion with Harper's Magazine, and sailed for
England to write up the Queen's juoilee for
that periodical.
The fact is noted that with Mme. Hirsch's
¥1,800,000 the total amount of the Hirsch
charities is $14,300,000. The Hirsch family
holdi tne record for charity.
Mary Reed, the missionary to the lepers, has
been requested by the Rajah of the province
to establish a school at Ascoti, he promising
her the ground and building.
The Financial Scorcher is the name by
which Baron Alfred Rothschild was known
during his recent sojourn in Vienna. He is a
nrst-rate bicyclist, but somewhat too quick and
rash in his flight to suit either the Viennese
cyclists or the pedestrians.
General Scbofield and his wife are passing
the winter In one of the Ponce de Leon cot
tages at St. Aueustine. The general has a book
of army experiences and recollections in the
press.
Eugen D'Albert, the pianist, who was only
recently playing in London, has just been giv
ing a series of recitals in Moscow, where be
has met with great success.nettingover $1500
at each concert.
Mine. Sarah Bernhardt is passionately fond
of bull-tights, and makes it a rule to visit the
"ring" whenever she is in Spain. Intact, at
the end of a performance not long ago. she
presented the toreador with a diamond scarf
pin.
The Countess of Warwick, better known to
fame as the Lady Brooke, who testified in the
Prince of Wales' baccarat mess, was thrown
from her horse while following the hounds
near Kinoulton recently and dislocated her
arm.
Hex Majesty the Queen has a double in the
person of an elaerly lady who occupies — or
occupied— a position in the Middlesex Hospi
tal, where she was known as the "Queen of
Middlesex." She is the exact age oi the
Queen, and became a widow in the same year
that the Queen lost her consort.
While the Emperor William was celebrating
the birthday of his little daughter, Victoria,
recently, by a children's party at Po-Rdam',
KEW TO-DiT.
There are times when the
variation of a pulse beat
tells the practiced physician
Whether the scale will go
down and mean death or up
and mean life. But suppose
the medicine he prescribes is
not the medicine which your
child is taking, but some-
thing the druggist thought
would do just as well ! Who
is going to regulate the bal-
ance then ? A druggist who
will offer you something else
when you ask for Scott's
Emulsion will do the same
thing with his prescriptions.
Get whit you ask for! .
the children wanted to dance. It being In
convenient to call In a military band, the
Emperor sent out into the street for an organ
grinder, and after the dancing was over gave
him£B.
Miss Mary French Field says that her father
didn't make a cent out of his popular poem,
"A Little Peach iv the Orchard Grew." Her
bert Smith, the man who set it to music, real
ized $35, while publishers of the song cleared
$50,000. „
The latest Easter eggs at Townseni's. "
Tourists— California glace fruit, 50c lb., in
elegaut fire-etched bxs. Townsend's, Palace.*
Fpkcial information daily to manufacturers,
business houses and public men by the Press
Clipping Bureau (Alien's), 510 Montgomery. •
"I guess," remarked Willie Washington
hopelessly, "that I have said the wrong thing
again."
"To whom?"
"Miss Seeranbraun. I was complimenting
her on her costume, and on a venture I told
her that she looked the part completely — that
it was positively lifeline. I nave just found
out the character she was assuming."
"What was it?"
"A lady of the preceding century."—Wash
ington Star.
Santa, F« Limited from San Francisco
Three and a Half Days to Chicago
Via Santa Fe Route.
To accommodate our Northern California pv
trons, on Mondays and Thursdays the first
class Pullman sleeping-car leaving San Pi Ml
Cisco at 6 p. m. will connect at Barstow
with the Santa Fe vestibule train, carrying
dining-car, buffet, smoking-car and Pullman pal
ace drawing-room sleepinc-cars for both St. Louis
and Chicago via Kansits City. This shortens the
running time twelve hours. Bend for llteramra
descriptive of our rente. San Francisco ticket
ofilce, 644 Market street, Cbronlc'.e nuildin?; tele
phone main 1531. Oakland. 1118 Broadway.
Railroad Tickets to the -Kiist via Rio
Grande Wentern and Denver nud.
Rio (irande Railway*.
At lowest possible rates, with through Pullman
buffet and tourist sleeping car service everyday.
Personally conducted excursions leaving Tuesday.
Wednesday and Thnniday. Only line permitting
stop-over at Salt .Lake City on all classes of tickets
Detailed information and tickets furnished ai 14
Montgomery street, or 814 California streeu
Change of Timn
Taklnsr effect March 28, the Northern Paclflc
overland train will leave Portland at Ha- if. In
stead of 1 p. i£., thus making connection at Spo
kane for all points In the new Kootenal mining
district. Tickets at lowest rat-s to Rosslan :,
Northport and Trail. T. K. Stateler, geneial
agent, 634 Market street, tsnn Francisco.
"Mm. Wlnalow'a Soothing; Syrup"
Has been nsed over fifty years by millions -of
mothers for their children whiie Teething with per
fect success. It soot hes the child, softens ihegama,
allays Palo, cores Wind Colic, regulates : he Bowels
and is the best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether aris
ing irom tee. hing or other causes, ior sale by drug
gists In every part of the world. Bs sure and aslc
Mr Mrs. Winsiow's Soothing Syrup. SSo a botUe.
Cohoitado-— Atmosphere Is perfectly dry,
•Ad mild, being entirely free from the mists com'
■dm further north. Hound-trip tickets, by steam
ship, Including fifteen days' board a; the Hotel Jal
Coronado, *tss: longer stay $2 60 pertlay. App./
4 »«w XoiUfOmery si., San Franciaco.
Hindebcobks removes corns easily. Makes
walking a pleasure. 15 cents, at druggists.
I'akk.kk a Hair Balsam is life to the hair.
Colds, caused by the sudden changes of temper
ature at this season of the year, make Ayer'a
Cherry Pectoral indispensable.
"Whatever became of Bigtatvlk?" Did he
ever make any progress in his profession."
"Well, I should say so. He began as a circu
lation swearer, was promoted to a Cuban war
correspondent lor a New York paper, and now
he's the assistant weather clerk."— Cinciunaii
Commercial Tribune.
NEW TO-DAT.
When
W W Jb Mb adb
Quality Is Desired
IN
Teas, Coffees, Spices
a-o to
Great American Importing Tea Col
MONEY SAVING STORES:
140 Sixth st. 325 Hayes st.
965 Market st. _ 218 Third st.
146 Ninth st. 2008 Fillmore st.
617 Kearny st. 3005 Sixteenth st.
1419 Polk St. 2510 Mission st.
1344 Market st. . 521 Montgomery are.
3285 Mission st.
OAKLAND.
1053 Washington st. 1510 Seventh st. <
917 Broadway . E. OAKLAND.
131 San Pablo aye. 61 6 E. Twelfth st.
v • ALAM EDA— I3SS Park st.
Headquarters, 52 Market St., S. F.
OPERATING 100 STORES—
That's Why
QUALITY
Is Our Stronghold.
Philadelphia
Shoe CO. No, 10 Third St.
STAMPED ON A SHOE MEANS STANDARD OF MERIT
BLOOD plf I I
CHEAP ENOUGH.
QX-BLOODAND CHOCOLATE TANS .
V are th proper colors. • Lace Sbo 9 ? are
the latest aD S swellest style. We have
tbem. r , e * tfl L ler "- solid wearera. I^t
wear last year's stock. and styles when
y°" <*n buy the latest from us for s\ a"
tedium pointed toe, and tips, cloth iop
INFANTS' y; fry
OX-BLOOD J3 1
50 Cents^g^^^J
Br o te£ r .or ce H Ba J t)leB ' I""' style. Ox-
fn° d iahi? «* , a Pd-tnrn«i ole a , verysoft
sues 1 m 5iJ? eat nY shap « d U P S ' »" widths.
• cents a nalr^'T^ 111 b " SOld thls week or 60 I
cents a pair. Thtati shoes have no spring
21 Conntry orders gotlcttei. : - '" 'Si
J^^Send for Sew HtuatraaM Catalof as.
B. KATCHINSKI,
! PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.,
I :♦■■ 1O Third St.. San Framolsoo. :["FKIUAY APRIL 8, 1897
AMUSEMENTS.
rUMra Thkateb -"A Soldier of Fortune.-
Cahfornia Theater.— "Hamlet-"
Columbia Thkatkr - For Fair Virginia."
Moboscos OPKBA-Uot-SK- 1 The Stowaway."
AI.CAZAR TnEATKB Wild Oa!S .*
Tivoli OrERA HiirsK - Don Juan."
Cm-hfum.— Mich-Class Vaudeville.
L.i Ri.iNK BATHB.- Ball Water Bathing, etc.
tu i.t. Baths— Bathing and lerformances.
I'nv. chutks ani> Skatixo RiNK-Dally at
li bight urtet, ore block east of the Part
El, Campo-Muslc, Dancing, Boating, Fishing,
every Sunday.
ujiu.\i, Rack Track.— Kac<»s to-day,
AICTION SALES.
By Chas. I '"■"■' * Co— This day, April 9,
Furniture, at 1138 Market street, at 10 o clock.
By G. H. Imii^kn A Co.— Saturday evening,
April 10, Heal Kstate. la the City of Stockton.
By Kastox * KLi>KiiMiifc— April 13,
Heal Estate, at 638 .Market street, at 12 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
M. E. Frank, insolvent, owes $13,517 55;
assets, nominal.
Chief of Police I. W. Lees made a full state
ment last nislit outlining his policy.
Mine. Thea Sanderlni's concert at Golden
Gate Hail last night drew a well-filled house.
I. Shapiro, a butcher, has failed fors764 24.
He ha* $300 worth of property exempt from
execution.
The attendance at the Pure Food Congress
will be much larger attended than was at
first expected.
Twenty new members joined the Mer
chants 1 asm elation yesterday, making a total
of 845 members.
At the election for officers of the Southern
Pacific Company yesterday all the incumbents
were re-elected.
There will be a grand convention of all the
traffic men of the Southern Pacific Company
on April 12 at Monterey.
Peril, Gotta Percha, Front de Boeuf, Sallle
Clicquot, Cabrillo and Etta H were the win
ners at Emeryville yesterday.
Judge Slack has made an order allowing Dr.
W. G. Miznersl6so for services during the
last llletß of the late Senator James G. Fair.
The session of the Grand Lodge of the
A. O. U. W. closed yesterday, and William
Yin ter of San Jose was re-elected grand master.
The wife of William Gacran, formerly fore
man of the Grand Jury, was upon order of ex
amination before Justice Groeziuger yesterday.
In the Fair estate distribution a consider
able amount of cash will be covered into the
county treasury on account of the inheritance
tax.
The Evening Post has applied to the courts
for a writ enjoining the Associated Press from
supplying its news service to the Daily Re
port.
Several houses on Geary street near Octavia
have been entered recently by two men and
the police have as yet been unable to capture
them.
The State Supreme Court has denied Dur
rant a writ of error In order that he might
take the case to the United States Supreme
Court.
John Kalaslch, charged with grand larceny,
was acquitted by a jury in Judge Cook's court
yesterday. It appeared to be a case of mis
taken identity. •••.-.
The regular quarterly rally of Company H
of the League oi the Cross, will be held at St.
Brendan's Hall, corner of Fremont and Harri
son streets, this evening.
Charles A. Hebard brought a libel suit
against the schooner Alta in the United States
D. strict Court yesterday to recover $73 which
he alleges is due him for wages.
Mac E. Bernhnrd has sued tha Grand Lodge
A. O. D. W.. for $2000 said to be due for the
liie insurance of Oscar Frederick Bernhard, '
formerly a member of Valley Lodge No. 30.
Two demurrers have been filed by Deimas it
Shortridge in the suit of the Fair estate execu
tors against Nettie R. Craven. The argument
will be heard in Judge Slack's court this morn
ing.
Criminal negligence is ascribed as the cause
of the explosion in Carroll's drugstore yester
day morning. A can of benzine and it, pnial of
nitroglycerine bad been leit next to a lighted
gasjei.
Alter thirty years ot popularity Ambroise
Thomas' opera of "Hamlet" will receive its
f;m .San Francisco -presentation at tne Califor
nia Theater to-night for the benefit of Henri
Albers.
William P. Harrison, John 11. Roberts, E. S.
Lawrence, Samuel S. Green and J. Munseil
(. has*' have incorporated the California Hotel
and Wine Gazette Company, with a capital
•stock of $50,000.
W. B. Erndbury, who was arrested for expec
torating in a Market-street car, says he has no
complaint to make against anybody concern
ing the matter, but will test the validity of the
ordinance in court.
Dexter, Horton & Co. have sued E. H. Kit
tredge lor $37.j0 on account of au elevator
alleged to have been constructed for the de
fenaant, who has responded with a cross-com
p.aiut for $23'JG 98.
.President H. Bailey and Manager O. P
Posey of the celebrated Tomboy go-d mine
have arrived here to formally * transfer the
property to the representatives of the London
Exploration Company.
Lawyers regard the point raised in the
Federal court in the Blythe ruse as one of
crent importance. The attorneys of the
X ntucty Blyt&es bold that aliens cannot
inherit lands in the United States.
The accusations of the Census Committee of
the Board of Education, that the census rolls
of two years ago were stuffed, were based on
the inspection of mere pencil memoranda, and
the Investigation has been dropped.
The Board of Supervisors sat as a committee
of the whole last night and examined Mayor
Phelan, ex-Mayor Poud, Silas A. White, K. II
Stettin a d Engineer Schussler. The board
will conclude the investigation next Thursday
night.
Dr. Mathews will not leave the State Library
until he has been elected secretary of the
ftate Board ot Health. Other Democrats will
follow hisexamp;e end withhold th»ir resigna
tions from existing places until elected to fill
other positions.
Divine services this evening at the Temple
Emanu-El will commence at 7 :45 o'clocfc. Dr.
Voorsanger will conclude ttie discussion of
•Tne Virtues, Vices and Eccentricities oJ
Brother Jonathan." This will be the closing
lecture of the season.
At a meeting of the teamsters nnd draymen
with tho officers of the Merchants' Association
last nighi it was resolved that sample pave
ments by the way of experiment be put down
on a tew blocks on Market street. They will
be of asphalt and wood.
Yosemite Commissioner John F. Pheohan
has been commanded by the Superior Court to
show cause uny he should not draw a warrant
In favor of T. (t. McCandelish for nairi to
be due tor work and material furnished to
the Yosemi:e Forestry Commission.
Suit was brought yesterday by United States
District Af.orney Foote on behalf of the
UniteQ States against Rufus Hull lor the re
covery of forty-two cords of tanbark col on
Government land nnd valued at Q893 20.
Damages are asted for in the sum of !j>loo.
United States Commissioner Heacock yester
day ordered Jens Ngan Ying remanded into
custody tor the purpose of being sent back to
China, whence she came. He found that she
had committed perjury during her examina
tion a< a witness and that her witnesses had
alto commuted perjury.
TOW TO-DAT.
Skins on fire with torturing, disfiguring,
itching, burning, bleeding, scaly, and pimply
humors, instantly relieved by a warm bath
with Ccticcba Soap, a single application of
Coticura (ointment), the great skin cure,
and a full dose of Ccticura Uesol
xi »oW throughout the world. Pott«» V. » i, Co«r.. Ml* -
Props., Boston. " How to Curt Torturing Uamon,"fn«. I
DAd I O OMII tiO.d by Ccticoka BoAr.
BRADBURY
WILL FIGHT
He Will Not Plead Guiliy
to Unlawfully Ex
pectorating.
INTENDS TO TEST THE
ORDINANCE.
Says He Has No Complaint to
Make Regarding His
Arrest.
IT HAD TO BE SCMS ONE
SOMETIME.
Wants lo S?e if the Supervisors Can
Regulate the Conduct of Pass n-
ger3 on Streetcars
W. B. Brndbury, previous to his having
been selected to advertise the new anti-
The Hayes-Street Facade of Carroll's Drugstore, the Windows of
Which Were All Blown Out by the Benzine Explosion.
expectoration ordinance, was one of the
best-known men in town.
The great and sudden spread of his
fame which has resulted from his arrest
be is meeting with that bland pood
nature that characterizes him. Naturally
enough he encounters it everywhere, and
while it be ins to grow tedious, still he
makes no objection.
"I don't know that I'd give $2 to have
avoided it." he said yesterday. "No, 1
have no kict coming. Somebody had to
be the first man arrested, if they were go
ing to do any arresting, and it might just
as well have been me as somebody else,
mightn't it?"
"But it will cost you more than $2 if the
precedent is followed that lias been es
tablished in such cases — a line of $2 50."
"Well, I don't know whether it will or
not," said Bradbury, allowing the twinKie
in bis eye unusual license. The trial has
not come on as yet.
"You are going to make a fight on it,
then?"
''Certainly. lam opposed on principle
to pleading guilty to anything. Mind
you, I say there is no fault to find witti
anybody, if I may except the bad printing
of the notice in tne car It is a very little
card and over the small type is printed a
red cross that nearly covers it. It is diffi
cult to read under tne best conditions, but
at night almost impossible. It was only a
day or two after the passage of the ordi
nance, and I did not know of us existence.
"But there is a question of law as to the
right of the Board of Supervisors to pass
such a regulation that shall be effective in
a streetcar. The Market-street Railway
Company is a corporation conducting
business in the City. For the sum of 5
cents it guarantees to carry me or you
from one point to another on its lines.
When I get aboard the car and pay my
fare they are responsible for carrying me
saiely to my destination, and that is all
there is to it — they take charge of me for
the time being. If the company itself
passes a regulation requiring its passen
gers to do ttius and t.o wbile in transit
then it becomes a condition to Which the
passengers must sub-cribe in addition to
the payment of fare as a consideration
for being carried on the company's cars.
Notice of such a regulation would hare to
be posted in a conspicuous place and not
obscured by any printing over it to be
effective. The question in as to wnether
any regulation passed by the Board of
Supervisors could be made effective in the
streetcars.
"Now, mind you, I am not objecting to
the ordinance if it can be enforced. lam
only going to test its limitations through
a constitutional objection to pleading
guilty. A grocer down in the next block
was arrested a short time ago under the
pure-food regulations for Belling a box of
honey, thai, under the analysis, was dis
covered to be 95 per cent pure, but con
taining 5 per cent glucose— a substance not
at all deleterious to health and necessary
to make it stand up in the box and keep
its form. He got me to go on his bonds;
got a poor lawyer; the prosecution seeing
they bad no case got him to plead guilty
under a promise that he would not be
fined. He did so, but baa been regretting
it ever since.
"Now, 1 am not going to have any such
regrets. Toe offense I com muted, U any,
THE SAS FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 9. 1597.
in the streetcars does not come under the
definition of 'expectoration' as made uv
Webster. Ido not chew tobacco, smoke
or drink intoxicants, iind my health is
perfect. According to Webster, then, my
ppiitmg would not be expectorating.
Look it up in the dictionary and you will
see. At least the courts will be required
to pass upon that question. Counsel?
Yes, 1 i.aye engnped T. V. O'Brien.'
THE GRAND LODGE.
Election of the Grand Officers of the
Order of Workmen for the En
suing Year.
The Grand Lodge of Ancient Order
of United Workmen concluded its busi
ness at 5 o'clock yesterday and adjourned
to meet in this City next year.
At the morning session the appeal of
Annie E. Kelly was dismissed, the claim
having been rejected lor the reason that
the one whose beneficiary she waa waa at
the lime of his deatli delinquent ana not
in good standing in tho order.
In the case of Millar Ish of San Jose,
who has not been heard of for more than
six years, his wife in the meantime hav
ing paid his assessments and dues, it was
ordered that at the expiration of seven
years, which terminates next July, the
beneficiary p. ppear before court, establish
her claim, give an indemnity bond, and
that the $20>X) be paid to her, and that she
be not required to pay any more assess
ments.
Tlie grand master workman offered a
premium of $">0 as a prizs to be given to
the best drilled team that will exhibit at
the next session of the Grand Lodge.
Representative Orr added $25, making the
prize $75.
The constitution was amended bo as to
allow the payment of the per-capita tax
at various dates instead of twice a year
as in the past.
The committee on honored domi paid a
tribute to the memories of 313 brothers
who died during the past year.
Grand Master Workman William Vinter
of San .To<-e was re-elected by a unanimous
vote. The following are the grand officers
for the ensuing year: W T iliinm Vinter,
grandmaster workman; A. F. Mackay.
grana foreman ; fleorge H. Balirs, grand
overseer; D. S. llirshberf, grand recorder;
Samuel Booth, grand receiver; J. M. Col
lins, grand mnde; J. Popert, grand inside
watchman; J. D. Neild, grand outside
watchman; K. D.mf >rth. Geo:ge B. Kat
zenstein and William Vinter, s-uireme
representatives; J. L. Mayon, grand med
ical examiner.
The officers were installed by P ist Su
preme Master Workman \V. H. Jordnn,
assisted by Past Grand Masters Toohy
and Barn 's.
The corporate directors are: IP AW H.
Jordan. William Vinter, D. S. Hir.-liberg.
A. F. Mackay, & Booth, (i. 11. liahrs,
William Broderick, E. J. Fennon, F. B.
Poland, L. M. Manzer, J. L. Mayon.
The finance committee is compose! ol
William Broderick, L. M. Manzer and E.
J. Fennon.
Frank S. Poland was dep
uty grand masU-r workman.
HEARST EEPUSED.
Would Not Pay Kent for a Building
Without an Elevator.
The suit of Dexter, Horton & Co. against
E. H. Kittredge was on trial before Jndee
Seawell yesterday. The plaintiffs de
manded $3750 for an elevator that was put
in the building on Mission street now oc
cupied by W. K. Hearst as publication
office for me Examiner.
In defense Mr. Kittredge said the ele
vator was not finished on tune and that
Mr. Hearst refused to pay rent for the
building until the elevator was completed.
Because of this delay and for other ex
penses Mr. Kiltredge declared that he
owed the plaintiffs nothing on account of
their work, and filed a cross-complaint
for $2326 8& ;
Argument in regard to 'lie law and the
facts will be hoard next Monday morning.
fIOBBED WHILE ASLEEP.
W. Abbott, a Saloon-Keeper, Believed
of Hiit Gold Watch and Chain.
William Hunt was arrested yesterday
afternoon by Detectives Gibson and Wren
and booked at the City Prison on a charge
o! grand larceny.
The complaining witness is W. Abbott,
a Faloon-keeper on Grant avenne. Abbott
aileges that he was in a house at 512 Busii
street Monday afternoon with Hunt and
several others. He fell asleep, and when
be nwoke his irold watch and chain and a
diamond locket worth $400 had been taken
from bis pockets.
He suspected Hnnt, and says that he
can produce a woman who wul swear she
saw Hunt taking the articles.
Divorce* Grantsd.
Divorces have been granted by the Superior
Court as follows:
Carrie Sioner from D. P. Etoner for ! allure to
provide; plaintiff allowed to resume her for
mer name of (Jnrrio Duncan.
Mary Anderson from Charles Edward Ander
son for willful desertion.
Trunks Stored :.' o Cents.
Commercial Transfer Company, 43 Sutler st.
Tel. Maiu i'J. furuit uic moved xcasomil/ly. *
THEY ALL HAD A
NARROW ESCAPE
Three Hundred Guests in
the St. Nicholas
Hotel.
It Was Nitro- Glycerine That
Blew Up the Carroll
Drugstore.
A Partly Filled C n of Beuz ne Next
to a Lighted Gas J.t Com
plot A the Wreck.
A partly filled can of benzine and half
an ounce of nitro-glycerine make a dan
gerous set of neighbors with a lighted gas
jet as a connecting lint.
Early yesterday morning, at exactly
2:34 o'clock, these two deadly engines of
der-truction, by the merest accident, failed
to kill 300 jjue-ts in the St. Nicholas Ho
tel, and by their relative forces, one de
stroying the oiher, and the assistance of a
chern oil engine property to the value of
hundreds of thousands ot dollars was
saved.
The Call published exclusively in yes
terday'B issue an account of the blowine
up of George Carroll's drugstore at the
The Benzine Can Left by Clerk McDonald Next to a Lighted Gasjet.
The Cross Indicates Where the Vial of Nitro-Qlycerine Stood
Eefore the Explosion Occurred.
gore of Hayes and Market streets. The
lateness of the hour prevented any more
than a general account of the affair being
given, the sujr^estive details having to be
held over for investigation until yesterday
afternoon and for publication this morn
ing.
Marshal To we, who took charge of the
store immediately after the fire was ex
tinguished, interviewed Night Clerk Mc-
Donald yesterday. The latter was too be
wildered to Rive any coherent account of
his doings Up to the time he quit work
and shut up the store after 1 o'clock in
the morning.
"As the young man calmed down," said
Towe, "he first recollected that be had
left the gas burning behind the screen j
where the prescriptions are filled. Subse
quently he denied this, but eventually
admitted that as be had done so before,
he might have done it again.
"When I examined the premises, I
found the gas cock half turned on, but
tie gas which no doubt was the prime
cause of the trouble was not burning, no
doubt having been put out by the explo
sion. . . .* : ' *
"McDonald * says that 'he had a five-,
gallon tin of benzine on the prescription
table next to the gas stove fed by the jet,
but that there was only a quart of benzine
in it. That, in itself, was a dangerous
thing. A quart of benzine in a five-gallon
tin gives the space of nineteen quarts for
gas. A full can of benzine would have
been less dangerous. * .
, "But worse than all, within two feet of
the benzine can and the gas stove stood a
bali-ounce vial of nitre-glycerine, used
sometimes by druggists in remedies for the
cure of Brights disease of the Kidneys. .
"There was enough nitroglycerine there
to blow up the entire block. Fortunately
the benzine' explosion; blew out all- the
wind panes hi the store and when the
fire and excessive heat exploded the nitro
glycerine there was but little resistance
and the force of the explosion only
wrecked the shelving and other things
spared from the first explosion. Had the
nitro-glycerine been confined it would
have carried away walls, pillars, hotel and
a great deal of the neighborhood.
"The explosion of the nitro-elycerine
bad torce enough to temporarily ckecK the
fire caused by the benzine, ana the prompt
arrival of the chemical engine saved the
entire structure from destruction by the
flames.
- "Nieht Clerk McDonald failed to report
to me about the nitro-elycerine beinß in
the store, and I have not seen him since I
sent him to Hay wards to get George Car
roll, the proprietor or the drugstore, who
is a cripple and lives in the country most
of the time.
"I learned of the presence of the ex
plosive from George Murphy, a boy who
works in the store daily, ana whose atten
tion was called to it that he might be care
ful not to go near it.
"Right bact of the prescription screen a
dozen shelves towered high and were
tilled with essential oils, chloroform and
ether. When these encountered the
flames there were a number of smaller ex
plosions and an increase of fire.
"I am not prepared to say that there
was anything more than criminal negli
gence in this affair. Future investigation
may show otherwise.
■ "I have iound that Carroll transferred
all the property over to his wife about
three years ago, and not until last month
did they deem it advisable to insure the
place for any sum. At this time they
took out policies in four companies for an
aggregate of $7000. Maybe they have
more.
"Another thine I find is that they are
behind about $1500 la their rent to B. and
J. 8. Doe at the rate of $300 per month.
The Joss will not exceed $5500."
GEART-STSEET BUEGLAKIES.
Several Houses >e»r Octavia Street
Have Been Knterert.
1 he police have been for some days look
ing for two men who have terrorized the
residents on Geary street near Octavia by
entering their houses.
Abont a week ago they entered the
house of Morris Raphael, jeweler, during
the absence of the family, turned on the
gas and departed with a few articles of
jewelry. The residence of Samuel
Oitroski, 1214 Geary, was entered the
same night and several articles of jewelry
were stolen. The following night they
again entered Ostroski's residence, but
did not steal anything although the
contents of a bureau drawer hud been
emptied on the floor.
I-adore Goodman's house, 1217 Geary
was enterid Monday night, but the
burglars wtra frightened away without
securing anything of value. They visited
the house the following night, but were
again frightened away.
An attempt was also made to enter the
bouse of Joseph Franklin, 1227 Geary,
but. the men were seen by a lady alight
ing from a car who gave tlie alarm and
the men disappeared.
HALF INTESEST DEAL
Warrant Out for the Arrest of H.
Langley.
Fred A. Brewer, 28 South Park, ap
peared in Judge Low's conrt yesterday
morning, and swore lo a complaint charg
ing H. Langley with obtaining money by
false pretenses.
A few minutes previous he had paid to
Langley $295 for a half interest in the New
York White Enamel Sign Company, 205
Ellis street.
In tne complaint Brewer alleges that
Lineley represented to him that,the*busi
ness was paying and should pay from $%Z*.o
$18 per week profit to each of two Da'rt
ner?, and referred to the books to substan
tiate his statement. Brewer raid the
money and then examined the book- 1 , and
alleges that he lound the business was not
paying more than $3 per week profit.
Dennis Jordau'a Trouble*.
Abner Doble has brought suit against Dennis
Jordan, Wells, Fargo & Co., Stale Treasurer
Ratdiffe and all others interested to prevent
the payment of Jordsn's claim against the
State oi California until Doble's bill lor $1400
against Jordan ha-* been paid. When Jordan
went through Insolvency several years ago he
owed a great many persons, Doble nmong the
number. As no settlement was made with the
creditors those claims are now being presented
in the shape of lawsuits acainst Jordan's ap
propriation lor $63,563 66 now available in
the State treasury.
KEW TO- DAT.
Schilling's Best
Pound Half-pound
Japan 50 c 25 c
English Breakfast 60 30
Oolong 75 4O
Ceylon 80 40
Blend $1.25 65
Money-back tea
DEMOCRATS SHY
OF RESIGNING
Dr. Mathews Will Not
Leave the State Library
at Present.
Oihers Will Emulate His Ex
ample and Hold Back Their
Resignations.
Governor Budd His a Choicj Lot of
Official Plums for Distribution
lo tbe Faithful.
Many Democrats and some Repuplicans
are anxiously awaiting the distribution of
the official plums at the disposal of Gov
ernor Budd. It is given out that the Gov
ernor will shortly appoint three directors
of the State Board of Agriculture. Ac
cording to the gossip, Jamea O'Brien of
Marysville ia already slated as one of the
three.
The five persons to be appointed by the
Governor to constitute the auditing board
to the Commissioner of Public Works
must not all belong to the same political
party, so the Governor will isave an op
portunity to recognize a Republican or a
Populist. Mr. Ferris of San Francisco
and Sol Runyon of Sacramento are said to
be slated for service on the board.
The proposed changes in the State
Library, the State Board of Health, the
Governor's secretaryship and the Code
Commission will not take place until
April 20.
One who knows the inside of the deal
sums up the situation in tnis style: Dr.
Mathews will not resign the office of State
Librarian until he is appointed secretary
of the State Board of Health. The doctor
is a Democrat of the old school. He read
ily comprehends the cold and gloomy fact
that the tth'ces n\ existence are not suffi
cient in number to enable tue Governor
to give all Democrats one apiece. He
holds one now and will not be foolish
enough to resign it until he is elected to
another equally as eood. Therefore when
the State Board of Health elects thedoctor
to the place of secretary ho will resign
from the library.
Miss Green was recently promoted to the
position of Assistant Librarian. When
Dana Perkins died Dr. Mathews was pro
moted from the position of assistant to
Librarian, but the vacancy In the office of
assistant was not filled untii a lew days
since.
E. D. McCabe, the present private secre
tary of Governor Budd, is slated to succeed
i>r. Mathews, but with that abundance of
caution which impels a good Democrat not
to relinquish one office until he gets a farm
grasp on another, Mr. McCabe will not re
sign the private secretaryship until his
election to succeed Dr. Mathews is made
saie and secure. McCabe utterly abhors
an interim. Later on, when Harbor Com
missioners Colnon and Harney are r«*-en
forced by Rudolph Herold, Mr. McCabe
may be elected secretary of the board.
Peter Shiels, secretary of the Code Com
mission, is slated to succeed E. D. Mc-
Cabe as private secretary to the Governor,
but Mr. bhiels is also a man of superior
sagacity in holding office. He may not
have a ■war-horse record to boast of, but
be knows the path to the public treasury
and how hard it is to find when one is un
fortunate enough to lose it. So Mr. Sbiels,
guided by war-horse judgment and ani
mated by Democratic repugnance to
resignation, will not resign the ofnee of
secretary of the Code Commiss.on until
he receives his appointment as private
secretary to Governor Budd. Meanwhile
A. Caminetti, ex-member of Congress and
ex-member of the Legislature, is waiting
to step into Mr. Shiels' place as secretary
of the Code Commissioners.
Before Governor Budd retires from of
fice he will have the agreeable duty to
perform of appointing three Commission
ers for Golden Gate Park. It is said that
he will appoint three of the best men in
San Francisco.
At last accounts A. J. Clunie had not
reeiyed his warrant as Insurance Com
missioner for Mr. Higgins' unexpired
term, but insurance men expect that Mr.
C unie will be appointed.
sew to-dat: •
t >^_—_^_ii_^^ "'i t*-* c?S5_Ky
I* M \*^"*flHv__9_^^^^^_^nB_B
"S v vhS__l 4 4t _b_&_B_____R^^___3
\*. KTBHB»fMaaj*»^jJM HB
*'\ s ■- ■ -' ' .j'^l!Sft%^jJi__MgSsst^s^^ ■
• * l_9K__^Sa__Bmr * *
I -A BEAUTy DRINK I
I '■farhetfer-/J!)?/icrltffiep3foaf' i
1 /ofibnj . 7he glow of/jpalff; /'s. 1
H on every one's cAee/f who i/sej i
1 - arw&RPfLLrs cocoa. 1
| 32 cups -255 . fit/ grocers. |
hew to-dat:
EL CAMPO,
THE POPULAR BAY RESORT,
NOW OPEN EVERY SUNDAY DURING THE
SEASON. Music, Dancing, Bowling, Boat-
ing, .Fishing and Other Amusements.
Refreshments at City prices- Fare, round . trip,
25c, Children 15c; including admission to grounds.
THE STEAMER UKIAH
Will leave Tiburon Ferry at l»:30 a. m.; 12:10.
2:00 and 4:00 r. v. Returning, leave Xl Campo
at 11:15 a M . l:0J. 3:00 and 5:!)0 p. U. .-..■•
THE CHUTES.
EVKRY AFTERNOON AND EVKNIXO.
GRASD OPEX-AIR PERFORMANCES!
ANIMATOSCOPE Every Nleht. . : . ■ .
Pocket Ktnetoscopes to children Saturday free.
ADMISSION, lOc. . CHILDREN. sc.
LUUiMG SALT WATER BATUS,
Cor. Bush and Larkin sts. — Kecent Improvement*.
ENAMELHD SWISIMING TANK.
•" Additions to Tab Department. •
Admission, 10c. Admission, including swim, -'5c
Open Day and livening.
ALL IN ONE SHORT DAY.
Variety of Spring Weather and What
It Leads To.
In the morning the snow fell as if mill
ions of wh te birds were shedding their
feathers. By noon the snow had turned
into a sullen, beating ram, yet the sun set
ia unclouded glory. That is the history
of ait American spring day. This sort of
spring does not inspire poet, but it un
ciiains the demon called Grip, and what
havoc he makes in the community! No
trouble to tell when he has begun bis mis
chief. The headache that banishes rest
by day and makes the night a long tor
ture; the pain in bone and muscle; ihe
nervousness; the cough that refuses to be
quieted, and the rawness ot" throat and
the soreness of lung, all tell the story.
Naturally tnis vicious loe to life has set
the doctors thinking, talking, and writing.
For once they are agreed. The best of all
Grip medicines is a stimulant to rouse
every latent energy of the body, and at the
same time to be free from every trace of
deleterious matter.
The ono stimulant that meets these con
ditions is Duffy' a pure malt whisky. 80
says public opinion; so says the medical
profession. Always, at this time of the
year, keep a bottle of this whisky in the
bouse, and you need have no fear of Grip
or of its consequences. For sale by all
druggists and grocers.
xevt to-dat-amuseueiiis.
> p^~"^ <>> 7 > ~~^~'^>~««—'-— ■—■.'X
BALDWIN THEATER,
Ai.iXjk.yuxs £Ca <]n»—>-*v-. rated) rroprUij;i
2d WEEK-ENOAOEMENT OF
OTIS iSX£LI.JSrJSr32^L.
10-NIGUT— LAST TIME.
The New and successful Komantlc Drama,
••A SOLDIER OF FORUMS."
Saturda/ Matinee.....' "KOMKO AND JULIET"
Miturdnv Night— Grand Doable HiII— ••MER-
CHANT OF VENICE" and •'KATUKKINB
AND PETRUCHIO."
NEXT WEEK- Third and Last of
OTIS SKINNKR.
Monday and Saturday Evening*— "Richard III."
Tuesday Evg. and .sat Mau— "Lady of Lyons."
Friday— "Hamlet." JBS" seals Now Heady.
SUNDAY. APRIL 18
PRIM It OS & WEST'S MINSTRELS.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
AlHavman it Co. .(Incorporated)... Lessen
GRaND OPEHA SEASON— The Famous
FRENCH :-: OPERATIC :-: ORGANIZATION!
F. CHARLEY.. ....U .IMPRESARIO.
FAREWELL NIGHTS and SATURDAY MAT.
POSITIVELY FAREWELL WEEK!
18th SUBSCRIPTION PERFORMANCE.
To-Night (Friday), April 9...... HAMLET
(Bone tit HENRI ALIS.UKSJ. .
Saturday Matinee. April 10 CARMEN i
Saturday Evening. April 10— IMMENSE BILL.
Second act " L'Afrlcaine." intermezzo "Caral-
lprla Rusticana." third act "La Favorita . "
overture •' William Tell." and for the Grand
Farewell to * oedor, Massenet's Lyric Gem,
"LiA NAVARRAISB."
Sunday EveotDg, April 11— Grand Pooular Per-
formance—" i a Travlaia" and a Grand Ballet.
Prices, 60c to $1 50. ......
TniCDLAfIOtR.OOTTU>D<» o>- u»»A.iirUKMrJtv-
FAREWELL NIGHTS!
MATINEE TO-MORROW AT 2.
MR. and MRS. RUSS.WHYTAL
In the Koraantic Drama, by Mr. Whytai,
"FOB FAIR VIROINIA"
NEXT MONO AY EVENING, .
America's Favorite Society Actress.
MISS GEORGIA CAYVAN
AND HER ADiiIRABLB COHPANY
Presenting for the First Time
Robert Buchanan's Charming Pastoral Drama,
"SQUIRE KATE"
- r-eats and Boxes Now on Sale. 1
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUS2
' alas. Jinx usti.vk X RKtix >. Proprietor <& Manama;
LAST NICrHTS- —
Of the spectacular Operatic Burlesque,
DON JUAN!
(ADLIB.)
EVERYTHING new IN
MIRTH MUSIC DAN OB!
:NBXT WEEK I——^^
The Komantlc Irlsn Opera,
THE LILY OF KILLARNEY!
(The Colleen Bawn).
Popular Prices- -25c and 500
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WALTER .MuROSCO. .."nl« Lessee and Alaa*£».-
- PRODUCTION..
Of the Wonderfully successful Melodrama,
THCE STOWA"WA.7T!
A Realistic Representation, with New Scenery,
Elaborate Appointments and Surprising Effects,
SPECIAL ENGAGEMENT
- Of the Graceful. Sparkling Soubrette,
. MOL LIE THOMPSON.
Wonderfully Real Yacht Scene!
Keat Safe Blown Open!
Evening Prices— lOc, 25c and sOa.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
__ _______ .
ANOTHER BOUNTEOUS BILL! —
DELHOKE and LEE, Revolving Ladder Per-
formers; TITJSNIA. Descriptive Toe-dancer;
BAKNKS and SISSON: MISS LILLIB LAUREL
and WKRNBR and RLBDBR. Last three-nights
of the RAYS, COHAN FAMILY, 3 RICHARDS
and VILONA BIBTEKB.
Reserved seats. 25c; Balcony, 10o: Opera-chairs
and. box-seats. 60c , . -.
Concerts in the Orpneum Annex every evening
A I P_7AR « DELIGHTED OUR
mlaUrl— mil DELIOHTED OUR
Belasco&Layaille.Mra. FOREFATHERS t
One Hundred Years Later It Delights Us!
. The Famous Old English Comedy,
'•"TCTXXj33 OATS!"
Superbly Played by the Alcazar Company,
■ . : . . - Including
GEORGE OSBOURNE and HUGO TOLAND.
Our Popular Prices. Seats by Telephone, Black 991
DACING! RACINGI RACING!
— CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB- v
WINTER MEETING, 1896-97.
Beginning Monday, April 6, to April 17, Incluslva
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
"AJuursday. Friday and Saturday.
Katn or shine. . " '
FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAT.
Races Start at a: 15 P. 31. Sharp-—
Ferry Boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. anl
12:30. 1 .00, 1 :30, 2:00, 2:30 and 3 p. M.. connect-
ing witti trains stopping at the entrance to track,
Buy your ferry tickets to Hi ell Mound.
Returning— Trains leave the Tract: at 4:15 ail
4:45 p. m. and immediately after the last race. ■
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JK, iTesldeui
R. B. MILROY, secretary.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN DAILY— 7 A. 31. TO 6P. M.
Grand Concert Every Sunday Afternoon.
General Admission. lOc; Children. 5o
SUTRO BATHS.
GRAND MAYDAY FESTIVAL!
' All children wishing to take part call at Scottish
Hall, Larkin and Grove streets. " . .
t -patents! :)
V° r tit
MARKET ST.SI^Sr
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIAXA BITTERS. THE
great Mexican - Remedy: gives Health and
ttrangiU to Hit t»«xufti Organ*.
78
HUNTINGTON
IS AGAIN
ON TOP
Re-elected President of the
Southern Pacific
Company.
HIS ELECTION WAS NOT
UNANIMOUS.
Mrs. Stanford's Votes Agaio
Cast for General T. H.
Hubbard.
WILL H. CROCKER REFRAINED
FROM VOTING.
All the Former Oificors of the Corpo
ration Retained in Their
Places.
Collis P. Huntington was re-elected
president of the Southern Pacific Railroad
Company yesterdayat the meeting of the
directors held in the private office of the
chief executive of the corporation. Ten
of the newly elected directors were pres
ent, as Jollows: C. P. Huntineton, H. £.
Huntington, Charles F. Crocker. Will K.
Crocker, Thomas H. Habbard, Rui-seil J.
Wilson, Charles G. Latbrop, J. 0. Stubbs,
Julias Kruttschnitt and N. T. Smith. The
only absentee was Thomas E. Stillman,
one of the Searles estate representatives.
General Hubbard presided and called the
meeting to order at noon.
The only- business transacted was the
election of officers for the ensuing; year.
It resulted in the re-election of every in
cumbent, as follows:
C. P. Huntington, president. New York;
Charles F. Crocker, vice- president, San Fran
cisco; Thomas U. Hubbartl, second vice-presi
dent, New York; J. c. Stubbs, third vice-presi
dent, Ban Francisco; H. K. Humington, as
sistant to president, San Francisco; 1. E. Gate*,
acting vice-president and assistant secretary,
New York: William Maul, second assistant to
president and controller, New York; E. C.
Wright, secretary and assistant controller,
Ban Francisco; C. F. Krebs, assistant secre
tary, .Louisville, Ky. ; William Hood.chlel en
gineer, San Francisco; N. T. Smith, treasurer,
Ban Francisco; F. H. Davis, assistant treas
urer. New York ; C. li. Kedington, assistant to
treasurer, Han Francisco.
Mr-. Stanford adhered to the same. pro
gramme that she carried out a year ago.
Sue was not present, out her two repre
sentatives— Charles G. Laturop and Rus
■ell J. Wilson — acting under her instruc
tions, voted lor General Thomas H. Hub
bard, one of the representatives of the
Searies estate, for president, though with
out that gentleman's consent. This was
done in order to record her opposition and
disapproval of the Huntin^ton regime.
Will H. Crocker also followed the course
be pursued a year ago, and refrained from
votine for president. The otner directors
voted the stralgnt ticket, as previously
given.
The outcome was what was generally
predicted. The action of Mrs. Stanford
and Will H. Crocker was a disappoint
ment to the friend* of Huntinglon and to
the railroad people generally, it was
thought that Mrs. Stanford would be sat
isfied with having gone on record last
year as opposed to C. P. Huntington, and
that for the sake of having perfect har
mony in the directorate of the corporation
slie would lay aside her personal feelings
and vote with the majority. Strenuous
efforts to induce her to take such a con
servative course were made without avail.
Attempts were also made 10 prevail on
Will H. Crocker to come into the Hunt
ington fold, but he, too, remained obdu
rate. . •
The entire meeting did not last more
than half an hour.
THIBTIETH EXPOSITION.
Ad Official Announcement by the Me
chanic*' Institute.
The following is the official announce
ment of the thirtieth industrial exposi
tion of tlie Mechanics' Institute:
The trustees of the Mechanics' Institute an
nounce the thirtieth industrial exposition. It
will open August 17 and close September 18.
The Mechanics' ir.irs of San Francisco hnve
co long 1 een » popular enterprise in this City
ard Slate, they have received such uniform
commendation and support, and ara a public
function of such social and economic Impor
tance, that they have come to be regarded a
permanent annual institution expected and
rt<i"ired of the Mechanics' Institute.
.ho institute will again respond to this ex
fectmion, and the trustees propose to offer to
i» members and the public a lair which in
eve.y •Jepartmeut shall equal, and in several
features of attractive interest excel, all pre
vious exhibitions.
The fair \t ili beheld in the Mechanics' Pa
vilion, a building of two stories, covering a
whole block adjoining the City Hall, ana in
the very heart ol Hie town. It bas an ample
floor area oi three and a ball acres, and is
easliy accessible by all car l:nes.
Exhibitors will lie aided by generoun conces
sions and a liberal management to present
their exhibits in the most attractive form- and
• large attendance will be ensured by low
rates of admission, exceptional attractions
special days and excursions from the interior
towns.
Power for machinery will be supplied free
of expense. Space, water and lighting will
also be free to exhibitors. Liberal premiums
Will be given.
Music, as heretofore, will be a chief element
of entertainment aud attraction, but it is the
purpose oi :be management to surpass all lor
mer successes in this respect
The Mechanics' Institute haa a membership
of nearly 5000, and the proceeds ot these fairs
are devoted to the building ux> and main
tenance of a large and growing library, free
lectures and classes and the dissemination of
knowledge.
Premium-lists and other Information will be
supplied on application to the secretary, 31
Post street.
By order ol the board of trustees.
Ernst a. Denicke, President
K. P. Hkald, Recording Secretary.
San Francisco, Cal., April 7, 1897.
MME. SAHDEEINI'S OONCEET.
Golden Gate Hall Well Filled Last
Night by Local 31 u me- Lovers.
A weli-filied bouse greeted the Sanderini
concert at Golden Gate Hall last night.
Mme. Sanderini has many friends and ar
dent admirers in this City, consequently
she was just about smothered in flowers.
The reception was indeed most flattering.
Her "Salve Maria" was so well received
that she obliged to respond with ""Ye
Merry Birds." The other numbers were
well rendered. Following was the pro
gramme:
Trio .'or violin, 'cello and piano, Harold Kav
ton, Dr. A. Regensburger, Sig. Martinez;
"Salve Maria" (Garcia). Mme. Thea Sanderini,
violin obligato Harold Kay ton; rhapsodic
Honcroise No. 12 (Liszt), Pig. Martinez; "Let
Me Love Thee" (Arditi). Miss Rae Landecker;
lute solo (selected), Samuel Adelstein ; "Spirito
Germ" (Donizetti), A. Werner; "Romance"
(Bohm), Dr. Arthur Regensburger; duet,
"Parigi q Caro" (Verdi), Mme. Thea Sanderini
and A. Werner; "Zigeunerweisen" (Sarasate),
Harold Kayton; "A la Stella Confldente" (Ro
bau<ii), Mme. Thea Sauderini, violin 'cello ob
-lgato Dr. A. Regensburger.
PAINFUL SCENE AT
FAIR'S DEATHBED
Dr. W. G. Mizner Described
the Disgraceful Game
of Grab.
Men Carried Off Everything
Movable From the Lick
House Chambers.
eyertheless tha Bill cf the AttenJing
Physician Was Reduced From $5000
to $1650 by Judge Slack-
A partial glimpse of the remarkable
scene in the death chamber of the late
Senator James G. Fair was disclosed by
the testimony in Judge Slack's court
while the payment of Dr. W. G. Mizner's
fee was under consideration. It seems
to have been a most extraordinary
affair. Di. Mizner, who claimed a fee of
$5000 for his services, gave a description
that will be interesting to other wealthy
men who are thinking of shuffling off the
mortal coil under circumstances similar
to tho«e attending Senator Fair's death
at the Lick House.
According to Dr. Mizner it was a dis
graceful spectacle. As the Senator lay
gasping his last upon the bed, men were
bundling papers and clothing into valises,
clearing tables, making away with every
thing in sight. Even a surgical instru
ment which Dr. Mizuer had laid upon the
table was taken; also the dying Senator's
watch. Charles L. Fair, Dr. Marc Leving
ston, J. S. Angus, L. C. Bresse, Herbert
Clark, the valet, and others were of the
party.
Some predatory strangers took advan
tage of the grief-stricken associates of the
dying millionaire and drove their nefari
ous operations to the extreme limit.
The scramble began while Fair was
breathing; his last, and continued after he
had expired. The physician had removed
his coal and cuff*. >.L.c better to render his
professional services to the Senator, and,
he said, he found it necessary to grasp
the garments quickly to save them from
being swept away with the other articles.
Dr. Livingston was asked to corroborate
Dr. Mizner's statement as to the scramble
in the death chamber, and particularly
with regard to the conduct of Angus and
Bresse. Bnt the doctor was conservative
and refused to describe the scene unless
compelled to do so. Judge Black decided
that the testimony would be immaterial.
Further testimony on this subject was
postponed till this morning.
The executors opposed the claim of Dr.
Mizner on the ground that be was em
ployed by Dr. Levingston, and not by eithei
the Senator or his son. Furthermore, as
the claim includes a fee for an autopsy
and for embalming, they said that these
latter services were performed for the
heirs, and the bill was therefore not justly
chargeable upon the estate. At most, they
said Dr. Mizner had no claim agaiust the
estate to exceed $1650.
James S. Angus was called to the stand
and examined by R. B. Mitchell.
"Mr. Angus, you are one of the special
administrators of the Fair estate?"
"I am."
"Did you have anything to do with the
appointment of Dr. Mizner to attend Sen
ator Fair?"
"I did not."
"After the death of Benator Fair did
you make any arrangements for an au
topsy ?"
"No; I consented to one being made if
■o desired by the heir"."
"But yon did not request Dr. Mizner to
make one?"
"No."
••After the death of Senator Fair did
you remove any paners and effects from
the death chamber?"
•I did."
"Why did you do so?"
"Because 1 thought the proper place for
them was the sale in Senator Fair 1 ! pri
vate office. There were a good many
around, and I thought some might be
taken away."
In reply to cross-examination Mr. An
gus said that Dr. Mizn«r performed the
autopsy, but it was a; the request of the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 9, 1897.
Meeting of the Southern Pacific Directors in President Huafington's Private Off cc.
heir?, and to them he must look for hia
pay.
Attorney Mitchell "aid he was willing
to have allowed to Dr. Mizner $600 more
than the originally computed $1650 lor
twenty-five analytical examinations at $8
and twenty microscopical examinations
at $20 apiece. These had been accident
ally added to the services performed after
the death of Senator Fair.
Judge S ack, however, decided to allow
only $1650. If there were any more claims
they must be settled by the heirs.
COLLATERAL INHEfiITANOE
« ...... i v Clerk Curry "Will Collect I.irg«
Sums From Fair l.state Legatee*.
County Clerk Curry will have a chance
to handle some of the Fair estate funds
that will be paid into the county treasury
on account of the collateral inheritance
tax. The amounts to be collected on ac
count of orders of distribution recently
signed by Judge Slack are as follows:
From Charles O. Stewart, $158 13; Herbert
Clarke. $105 42; Virginia M. Kair, $376 50;
Kvnlena Fair, $37<> 50: Emma J. Fair,S376 50;
John A. Fair, :j*{76 50; William Jam«s Fair,
$:-S7O 50; James S. Angus, $527 11; Uustave L.
iJresse, $527 li ; estate oi L. C. Bresse, $25301.
Archbishop Riordan obtains a legacy of
$50,000, but is exempt from the payment
of the 5 per cent tax levied on others be
cause of a law passed by the last Legisla
ture exempting legacies lor charitable,
educational and religious organizations
from the operation of the collateral inher
itance tax.
PURE FOOD CONGRESS.
The Attendance Will Be Much
Greater Than at First
Expected.
Thi Object to Decid Upou a Uniform
System of Enforcing the S ate
Laws.
From all accounts the Pur* Food Con
gress to be held in this City on April 30
will be of greater scope and larger at
tendance than its projectors expected.
Invitations will be sent all over the State
in the hope that of the many invited a
large number would respond. To the
gratification of the pure food committee
more invitations have already been ac
cepted than was expected. Governor
Budd will preside and with him will come
fifty delegates at large, all selected by
him.
Half of the members of the last Legis
lature have Minified their intention to be
present. Within the past three days the
chairman of the committee has received
letters showing thai, the interest in the
preservation of pure food is general all
over the State. The Supervisors of Santa
Barbara County decided to send ten dele*
gates aud $300 was appropriated for ex
penses. Los Angeles and San Diego coun
ties will also be represented by ten dele
gates eac:j. The people of those counties
are particularly interested in the move
ment, because it so materially interests
the honey industry of those sections. For
years the honey-raisers have suffered from
having the product of their bees adulter
ated with a number of cheap substances.
If there is any way to put a stop to this
practice they will do so.
From Santa Cruz will come the Mayor
and ten delegates, and a hke number will
be present from San Jose and Oakland.
Large representations will be present
from the Chambar ot Commerce, City and
btnte boards of trade, the Manufacturers'
and Froduc^rs' Association, Merchants'
Association, Mechanics' Institute, the
City and State boards of health and sev
eral other j ut.iic institutions and organ
ization?.
The number who have promised to at
tend is so great that it is believed that
the Chamber of Commerce hail will not
be large enough to accommodate them.
If possible, Metropolitan Temple will be
eiiL-ag.-d for the congress.
Many interesting papers will be re«d,
but no two will be on the same lines.
Fifteen minutes will be allowed for each
in order that all may be heard.
The object of the* congress is to decide
upon a uniform system of enforcing the
State laws prohibiting the adulteration o f
and the sale of impure food products.
Struck on the Back.
T. A. Parrisn, a stonemason working on the
new ferry building, was. struck on the back
yesterday afternoon by a large piece of iron
piDe that fell lrom a scaffold one story above
v nere he was working. He was t.ken to the
Receiving Hospital in the ambulance and it
was iound that he had escaped with a frac
tured rib and a contused back
LAST TRIP OF
THE MONOWAI
She Arrived Yesterday
From Sydney and the
South Seas.
The Steamer Moana Will Be
Put oq the Run in Her
Place.
Waiting for the Doctors— Prospectors
Charter the Winchester
for Alaska.
The Monowai arrived yesterday 24 days
and 15 hours from Sydney, via Auckland,
Apia and Honolulu. Except for bead
winds and seas between Apia and Hono
lulu she had good weather during the trip.
When she arrived here the Inspector of
Immigration was on hand, but the doctors
were not, and after waiting an hour and a
half Captain Howard, superintendent of
the dock, ordered ail steerage passengers
ashore on his own responsibility.
This is the Monowai's last trip under
the house flag of tfce Oceanic Steamship
Company. Tne Moana wili take her place
on what would be her next run out. An
almost new set of officers will come with
the Moana, l he only ones to be taken from
the Monowai being Purser Bendell, Chief
Engineer McCraig ana Chief Officer
Graham. Captain Carey will stop by the
Monowai, and he will probably be kept in
southern waters.
When the Monowai arrived off the City
Hawaiian Cormul Wilder had a boat off to
meet her, seeking his mail from Honolulu.
Ho was anxious to secure it and his haste
coat him $5. The boat bailed the steamer
and asked for the Consul's mail. It was
thrown over but landed in tue water, and
it cost him just five to have the papers
fished up lor him.
The first mate of the bark General Fair
child fell overboard Wednesday night as
the vessel was passing over the bar in
tow of the tug Rescue. Captain Dan
Thompson of the Rescue dropped his tow
and went after the struggling seaman.
The mate, whose name was not learned
by Thompson, was hauled on board the
tug and afterward placed on the bark. Ke
suffered no ferious result* from the duck
ing he received.
The Alaska Traders' and Prospectors'
Company has chartered the schooner
Winchester that is now lying in Oakland
Creek. The Winchester is 300 tons bur
den, and she win be got ready for the trip
before April 25. The destination decided
upon is the mouth of the Yukon River
via Cooks Inlet and Bt. Michaels Island.
The ichooner will be sone about six
months, and each member of the expe
dition must pay $_'00 for the trip up and
down and his slay during the time tne ex
pedition remains in the north. A. P. Mc-
Ivevin, P. J. Newman, A. H. Slate, W. L.
Smith and A. Wright have been appointed
a committee to select rules to govern tne
association.
J. Hewston, who was formerly Harbor
Commissioner Harney's assistant, has
Deen P ut in Harney's old place an agent of
the California Transportation Company.
THE CAUSE OF CUBA.
A Big Meeting Planned to Arrange for
Raining Funds.
There was a largely attended meeting of
the executive committee of the Cuban
League at 2006 Mason street last evening
at which arrangements were 1 made for a
big general meeting next , Wednesday
evening at California Hall, 620 Bush
street. . ,
An invitation was extended to all sym
pathizers in Cuba's straggle for freedom
in particular ana the public in general to
attend the meeting. The purpose of the
gathering will be to devise ways and
means for raising money for the cause.:
All of the other States in the Union
have contributed, and there is a^great de
sire to have this State represented in the
good work in a monetary way. The in
surgents require medicines, bandages, sur
gical instruments, food and clothing, and
•very dollar counts, so the local members
of the league state, and they hope to be
able to send to the headquarters a
eocd, fat purse. At that meeting tnere
will be a largp number of able speakers.
The secretary reported that every day
large numb rs of names are being received
of people who have siened me petition to
Congress to take action in the Cuban
struggle for liberty. Signatures are com
ing from ail directions, Los Angeles, San
Jose, San Diego and Butte, Mont. L'ltalia,
the local Italian paper, has received over
300 names.
It is expected, when tha country
papers take up the matter, as they have
been requested, that by June 1, the league
will have nearly 20,000 names to present
to Congress.
HUNTINGTOFS CONTRIBUTION.
He Sends SIOO to Svr^U the Balboa
Boulevard Fund.
Funds continue to come in to provide
for giving work on Balboa boulevard to
the unemployed, and the drive is being
pushed to completion as rapidly as the
treasury of the committee will permit.
New subscriptions were recorded yester
day as follows: The Scotcn- Irish Society
of California, $100; a modest lawyer, $50;
the Sheriff's office, $100; the Bullock and
J< nes Company, $20; Kahn Bros. & Kline.
$10;, Dorr Bros. <fc 1.0., $10; Edward Pro
ben, $20; cash. $20; J. K. Prior, $50; C. P.
Huntington, $100.
With his subscription Mr. Huiitington
sent the following letter:
San Francisco, April 5, 1897.
William M. Bunker Esq., chairman Citizens'
Committee for Relief of Vnempl yed. Chamber of
Commerce, Sun Francisco, Cal.— LH;ab Sir: lam
in receipt ol your letter ol the Ist inst., which
I have read most carefully and with much in
terest. 1 will subscribe to the relief fund one
hundred dollars ($100), and trust that you
may find as many otliurs to do their part as
will suffice to make up the $16,000 needed. I
do this all the more readily because I am
assured by you that the money is given
to men who are willing to earn it. It
does seem to me tnat there ought to be enough
work, either in the City or country, to keep
constantly employed the 2600 men who, you
say, have registered their applications. In too
many cases it is a tact that men who are out
of work and whose families need it are not
willing to go into the country and onto the
farms, preferring worry and suffering, and
sometimes almost starvation, to even a tempo
rary exile from lhe large towns, which return
them in some degree the pleasures of life- I
think this is the case very largely at the
East, where the streets of our great cities are
tramped daily by multitudes of idle men,
some oi whom are willing to work any where
and at anything, many of whom are willing
to work providing they can get it in the
city, and I believe the greatest number of
whom do not want work at all, but the where
with to keep them from the necessity of work
ing. lam inclined to believe that the great
majority of men who really want work can get
it somewhere, ana I am certain that if such a
man goes to wi rk with an honesty of
purpose, nnd exercises an intelligent econ
omy, making a point of living on less
than he makes, no matter what he makes,
and no matter how much sacrifice of
comfort or pleasure it Involves, he will not, in
one case out oi a hundred, ever need again to
seek employment; for such men tire valunble
everywhere and always. They make good
citizens and are the foundation of a prosper
ous people.
I Know that when I was a boy I never had
any difficulty in finding plenty to do, nnd I
think perhaps one reason was because when I
worked I went at it with a;l my might, never
watching the clock to see when it was time to
begin or when the regulation hour for stop
ping had arrived. My income was small then,
but the outgo waa invariably something less,
and it was only a question of time in my case —
as it must be in the case of every man whose
rule of life is the seme — when I should have
three hands instead of two to work with, for
capital i» a great servant, and its strength
when careinlly and intelligently exercised,
grows greater and greater. Men and women
require, as a matter of necessity, very few
things to make them comfortable, and
if they have small means the surest way to
contentment and happiness is to reduce their
desires to the levol of their needs unll they
can afford to Indulge them. Particularly In
the ca.to of the young does this seem to me to
be oi first importance, for one can well afford
to sacrifice the pleasures of a few of his early
years for the sake of lhe free'iom from anxiety
which he will find such a boon and comfort in
his declining days, nnd if we had schools to
teach these simple first principles of right liv
ing I think it would be money well expended
to establish them. lam very truly yours,
C"P. HUNTINGION.
The total subscriptions to date amoun tto
$19,505 70, and $10,123 30 had bean paid
out up to last night.
Grove A. Deal.
The many friends of Grove A. Deal of Nevada
City, Cat, will be pained to learn of his serious
illness at Sweetland, He has just passed
through a very paiuful and critical operation
from an acute attack of appendicitis. His
mother and sisters were nastily summoned
from this City a lew days ago to his bedside:
as his condition was considered very critical.
He has had the best medical attendance from
Grass Valley and Nevada City, and by the ex
pert nursing •of his wife, mother and Bisters
who have constantly been at his bedside, the
patient is at the present writing in a lair way
of convalescence. : . .•
: ■'"■..'■ ~ » m *
At the first of th*».yenr the armies of the
world numbered 4,500,000 men.
•'— - — ""•»»' . ■ ■ : ■
■ TO CCXX A COLD : IN ONE DAT.
Take laxative ßromoQuinine Tablets. AUdrug.
guts reiund the money uit tails to cure. 2%>a
GIGGLING MISS
YING REMANDED
She Will Be S^nt Back to
China, Whence She
Came.
Commissioner Heacock Scores a
V-ctory for Truth Aga nst
Perjury.
Op rations of the Coolie Importing
Gang Received a Well-Tinud
Check
There is grief in Chinatown became
United States Commissioner Heacock yes
terday afternoon decided that Jenc Ngan
Ying, tbe Chinese woman who swore yes
terday that she was a native of San Fran
cisco, should be aent back to China,
whence she came.
Commissioner Heacock, in renderine hi<*
decision ordering the girl to be remanded
in custody, showed that be had a keen
appreciation of the untrustworthiness of
Chinese evidence in sued cases. The court
agreed with Lawyer Mowry that the
burden of proof lay upon the prosecution
to show that Miss Ying was not born in
the United States, but he took issue with
the statement of the lawyer that the pros
ecution had not produced a scintilla of
evidence to show that she was not a native
of this country. On 'the contrary, the
Commissioner had found ample proof of
the fact that she had been born in China.
He found that Miss Ying, the defend
ant, had made various contradictory
statements to serve her purpose. She
made denials to Dr. Gardiner on two
widely separated occasions and had re
peated her denials to Inspector Jackson.
The court was of the opinion that the
Collector of the Port had not had access
to all the facts in the case and had not had
the available evidence before him, other
wise he would have ruled differently. As
it was he was simply mistaken. The.
Commissioner added that he was fully
convinced that the woman was not born
in the United States, but that she was a
native of China, and he recommended
that she be depot ted to the country
whence she came.
The esses of the two other Chinese
women arrested by Inspector Jackson will
be taken up at 11 o'clock tin-* morning.
HEW TO-DAT.
SUFFER^
His Friends Astonished at His Wonderful Cure by
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt.
' ' ■^■^g/^vxt^/^ " F? R , a k ong , TIME J HAVE BEEN
I 111 l ■ ifr l^"*Tiniri >t,, „ "treated by various (! or;; for kidney
S&7*S£^SfJdWL /^J^^^f disoase, with great pain in the b»ck na well as
WHilvS^'wWl'fyWpisft/jfyL other parts of the bo.! y. I hnve Leen a great
Mf I (f^^, *£&*&( // & sufferer '° . about five years, bein* terribly
WsJjigP P "[^ W^/;Ji nervous and afflicted with severe rheumatism
■B f i ,7 s * ' '%tr?sm Blso - lho doctors hud tried to euro me with-
■bN*W&> isii-iji^il out producing any beneficial results arm L
•f^3*s^Ki[fe «as*fH «•" not able to find reliei until I tried your
HJTl^^^S^^^^^flJi Eioctrlc Belt. Alter wearing it only one week
my paln was all remoTed . *n<l I have found
outiincemynervousnps: and patas ar- per-
JJ LiU JTWJM^II njanently cured as I have had no return of
"• - •' Tffil^ : :i-<RBBaP tsie trouble. This astonished me as well as
■ I . •■ my friends, but it is truly so, as lam willing
and glad totes 1 \ tlfy. Everyone knows me in Sacramento. have already com-
mended your vcra Belt to my friends, and shall continue to do so, as it is a sure cure
and does its <JsoejU work well and quickly." Your grateful patient, ■■, -
? W? DR SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT: Sacramento, Cal
W DR. SANDEH'S ELECTRIC BELT.
With a reputation from coast to coast this wonderful appliance goes on caring, strengthen-
ing and mating happy the thousands of sufferers who have turned to it after years of useless
drugging. : For kidney troubles it has no equal for pains in the back, rheumatism, weakness
and debility it is a quick and permanent cure. "Electricity is life." The even, sieadv. vital-
izing power from Dr. Sanden's Belt sends the -blood coursing gladly througn the veins- it
charges the weakened nerves with a fresh vitality and makes the body and brain strong. ' *
"Three Classes of Men" is the name of Dr. banden s famous book tor ; men. It is worth
$1000 to any weak man. A pocket edition will be sent free, closely sealed, on application
Call or address. ■,- ■••; --" • >.;■•; " ;■■' • - '•'/'- 'f.X ■ "'^ ' :■<- -■• • ■■"' •■■ - ■ .■■ •
SAN DEN ELECTRIC CO., £L,X,2 & ?S3t
Office hours— A. M. to 8 P.M.; Sundays, It) to 1. Los'AngelejOfflca 204 bouta iiru*V
way; • Portland. Or M 233 Washington street ; Denver. Colo., 935 Sixteenth street . *»*»••
. . KOTJS.— Make no mistake in the number— Market street : Make note of it
OK. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC TBUSJI CURES BUPTUBK.
JOOST'S
MERCURY
DEPOSIT
It Was Discovered by the
Railway Builder's
Little Son.
THE LAD WAS PLAYING
PROSPECTOR.
Confidence of the Father That
There Is a Fortune in
the Mine.
SAYS HE WILL HOT SELL THE
PRO PERI Y.
He Declares He Will Proceed at
Ones to Erect a Plan*, but
Wants No Callers.
Behrend Joost is more positive than
ever that bis recent discovery of the pres
ence of native mercury on his Twin Peake
property Is destined to put an immense
fortune in his hands.
He bad experts at work on the rock
taken from the mine yesterday, and they
agreed that unless the vein tarns out to be
too small a grand strike has been made.
So far as can be ascertained at present the
vein is three feet wide and runs obliquely
into the earth— how far, though, noDody
can tell. Mr. Joost also submitted some
of the rock, and the free mercury taken
from it, to the Tread well brothers of Brad
ford mine fame, and they, too, declared
that the discovery gave promise of return
ing great profit*.
It develops now that Joost's mine was
not discovered by a workman, aa at first
reported, but by Mr. Joost's eleven-year
old son, Benny. Tbe lad, it is said, long
since exhibited a taste for mining and
minerals, and in this was encouraged by
his Darents. It has been tbe boy's custom
for some time past to jio out on the hills
with his iittle pick and shovel every after
noon after scbool and practice at pros
pecting. It was his ambition to locate a
vein of gold-bearing quartz, for he had
leard once that ote of that character had
been found several tiroes in this vicinity.
So it happened, then, that one day about
a fortnight ago he due into a ridge not far
from his home and uncovered the rock
which the officials ot tbe State Mining
Bureau, the experts and the Treadwella
say is rich with native mercury. The lit
tle fellow did not know what it was at the
time and was puzzled when he saw the
bead-like globules of quicksilver tumbling
out of the rock. He took it to his lather
for an explanation, but the elder Joost
was equally in the dark until after he had
submitted the ore to experts.
Tbe elder Joost professes to be consider
ably put out over the publicity that has
been uiven to his supposed good fortune,
it having been his intention to keep tbe
matter quiet, he says, until be had ascer
tained just what he bad. The Call's ex
clusive story yesterday was a great sur
prise to him. But now that the secret is
out, he has cast ull raticence aside, with
one exception, and that is that he will not
divulge tbe exact location of the mine.
"I feel confident that Benny has discov
ered a fortune," said Mr. Joost when seen
i yesterday, "and out of compliment to him
I am going to name the mine after him.
I am sorry that this matter got to the pub
lic ear so soon, because I hoped to go on
developing the mine and testing the pro
ductive qualities witbout having a crowd
of idlers and curiosity-seeker* — and I may
add, rcoffers, as well — around the place.
"You know stories have gone out re
garding alleged discoveries of gold, quick
silver and other precious metals on the
San Francisco peninsula, but none of
tbem ever amounted to anything. lam
serious about this affair of mine, but I
don't care about being looked upon as a
dreamer, and to be laughed at.
'•I want to say one thing right now, and
that is that none of my land in the vicin
ity of this mine is for sale, and therefore
I "do not want any boom worked up for it.
I liavp about 700 acres upon and around
Twin Peaks, and I propose to keep it.
If I have a good quicksilver deposit
there, and I nope I nave, it seems to me
that I can profit better by keeping it and
working it myself, than I can by disposing
of the property. It may not amount to
anything at all, and in that event nobody
i: out a nickel but myself. It is my
intention to begin wotk modestly and
economically. I will have constructed a
small retort shortly ana get right down to
business. I don't think I wiJl be long i
finding out whether I have made a strike
or am doomed to disappointment.
Slipped on a Hook.
Annie Duval, a servant, 40 years of age, liv
ing at Twentieth and Minnesota streets,
step: ed on a rock in the yard of the house yes
terday and slipped, breaking both bones of
her ripht leg. She was taken to the City and
County Hospital.A LARGE CROWD
AT THE TRACK
Three Favorites and Three
Outsiders Won
Purses.
Gutta Percha Captured the Sec
ond Event at Odds of
15 to I.
Thorpe Took the Opening Scramble
With Peril— Etta H Ran to
Form-
The delightful weather and a rather
catchy - lookins card attracted a large
crowd 10 the track across the bay yestei
terday. The betting, which on the day
preceding! was inclined to be sluegisb,
suffered a reaction, and the men on the
block indulged in no naps and wnistlea
do rhapsodies in minor keys.
K^ord- break ing was freely predicted,
bat the class of horses starting never cave
old Father Time cause for alarm. The
sport was devoid of incident or accident,
and as three of six favorites crossed the
wire rirst the ta!ent grumbled not.
■ Charley Thorpe, who could ride a saw
horse and get him home first, had the
mount on Peril in the opening event, a
six-furiong sprint with welter-weights up,
and landed the mare winner from Ve
ragua, a well- backed tip. Logan, starting
an 8 to 5 choice, finished third.
The wise ones said the track was too
hard for Gutta Percha and allowed her to
go practically friendless in the betting on
the six-furlong spin that followed. At
odds of 15 to 1 she led all the way, and
tvon cleverly from Trappean. Colonel
Wheeler, the favorite, was never promi
nent.
It was freely distributed around that j
the .Baldwin stable folts fancied the j
the chances of Key Salazar to carry off '
the purse hung tip for the two-year-olds, !
yet his odds receded from 5 to 2 to 18 to 5. j
Isom handled him badly and third was !
ihe best he could do. Front de Boeuf, the j
4 to 5 favorite, won easily from Elsmore, |
an 8 to 1 shot.
Tally Coulter's old horse Redskin was
the hot one for the seven-furlong run, but
he couldn't land. Jones rushed Salhe
Clicquot away in the lead, and Green
Morns' mare was never headed, leading
Coulter's norse out at the wire by four
lengths in zhe ordinary time o* 1 :29. Lady
Diamond, on which "Skeets" Martin in
dulged in considerable filagree work, was
a bang-up third, and will bear watching
in future.
All of the big bettors jumped aboard
Cabrillo to capture the mile, and, backed
down from 6 to 5 to 7 to 10, he was in
iront almost from the start, and led Don
Clarencio out at tue finisu by half a
length. The latter colt was last of his
field down th^ back stretch and made a
great run. With a better rider he would
have given the winner a very strong argu
ment. May R, with odds of 40 to 1 about
her, was third.
The good Flambeau filly Etta H defeat
ed her rield in the last "event decided, a
-x- furlong purse affair, very cleverly.
Starting a 6 to 5 choice, Snider goi her
ov r the line a length in advance of Shasta
Water, a filly which started here lor the
first time this season. Midiight, the sec
ond choice, away from the post none too
veil, took the show.
>OThS.
Dreylus, who rode Grandeziajwas set
down for incompetency.
Trainer AVilliam Murry and Ed Purser,
owner of Perseus, were yesterday exoner
ated from any blame in connection with
THE "CALL" RACING GUIDE.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB. Oakland Racetrack. Thursday, April 8. Sixty-seventh Day of
*" the Winter Meeting. 1896-97. Weather fine. Track last. yo
Q9l Kll'.HT RACK-Three-quarters of
: parse $300.
Jrdex
Horse, age, weight.
Vi
»/♦
I
Str.
Fin. I
Betting. .
o«>. 0 1
705 Peril, a i;^ 7
791 Vr-rasua, 4 138 4j
(799). Logan, a 144 1 |
795 iUoldßu;. a 141| 3
815 Lasi Ctiaiic.-. 6...141 2
756 TwoCneers. 6....141 6
768 Maho K aiiy. 6 ....141 : 5
7H7 Walter.!, 1 141 8 ' i
718 Billy Ayers, a.. ..141 9 \
1 h
23
5b
31
74*
6%
86
12 ;
2 2 '
6%
4 2
•A^
85
7 1
9
6 Mi
i 13 I
n \
! 71
6 3
8
9
11 Thorpe.
2 4 H. shields :
BY* W. Shield*-....!
4 Va ! Uoyd...
5V2 Freeman:
68 ' shaw
7 8 (Hennesay I
810 Coady 1
9 Allmark |
6-2
6
6-5
12
j 12
I 30
4
7
8-5
10
3O
15
20
4
60
Good start. Won handily.
Wipner. W. R Boeder's br. m., by imp. Dare bin- Iris.
Time, l:l6Vi-
-832 bMJOSII KACi: — Three-quarters of a mile; selling:
Index.
Horse, age, weight. SL
h»
lOp.
746 Gutta Percha, a. .114 4; 11
804 Trappean. 4 ......106 1 4 h
Km Nebula. 3 100 3 . 3iA
SO7 JlontaUade, 4....108 5 51,
818 'l»atGlri, 3 ioj 2 ■■"■■■  {?
716 Col. Wheeler, .106 6 6 b
:.. Mlrambo. 4 lot; 7 ' ' a
821 Viking. 3. 102 X 71
11 12
54 .52
21 2 h
41 4 1
3d 3 1
64 64
8 8
73 7 1
12- j
53*
S3*
6 10 .
74
.8
|.Slanuh.er. i
Solder  j
Isom j
, H. Martin :
Keiity :. ]
Jones j
Eozeman 1
Mitchell I
8
■ 8
10
a
9-2
6-5
25
50
12
4
15
_ 4
5-2
100
150
Good start.
Yon
Winner, V. Brown'e b. m., by Imp. Galore-Igsaqnena. Time,l:l6.
833. IHI -" l>ilACl! — H * lfam ' 1 c: two-year-olds; purse $350.
Index.
Horse, weight.
I St.
V*.
%
Beittar.
Op. VI.
822 ; Front de Bceuf.... 104 ' 4 .
B*2. ElKinore. 100 •-• ... ••••••••
(814) Key Salazar 301 1 "'l'"
687 Malka. 0" 7 ..
(630) Irriiator 108 3 .... '
822 Miss Dividend 97 9 " '
8-2 -Midglen 100 6
Twinkler 100 11
Evlrato 104 8
822 Poteaie 104 10 ......
822 I Nellie Macdonald 97 5 "
i 23
3 3
6 1
51
1 2
9
!l
4 1
10
I 8%
; 73
9 2
3 4
4 1
5 1
J}*
8 1
7 1
91
10 5
11
14 jH. Martin
•J 4 Jones.
36 llsom
4 1 j Relay
6 1 IShaw. j
6 1 Stevens I
7 1 IHn Jder
8 a I H. Brown.
9 4 : Slaughter j
10 10 'Hennessy
11 'I in Jiii.virj I
6-5
8
5-2
I 10
5
611
26
20
i 10
10
I 20
4-6
8
7-2
100
10
100
60
60
■M
12
VO
tiood start. Won easily.
Winner, T. W. Coulter's b. c. by Fiesno-.Mlsfortane.
Time. :50.
834 KOUKTH
a mile;
; pur.se S4OO.
Index. !
JTorsr, age, wp| E ht.
St.
SI
6
2
4
8
3
! 6
1 9 j
7
. 10
fc'.-i'.K.e.
Op Cl.
799 Eallie Clicquot, 4.100
457 l.f-d-sk-in, a ..... 109
768 Lady Dlaraoaa, 5.102
816 Una Colorado, 6.. 109
703 St. a itcnon, 4 105
778 Imp. Disparity, a.lOO
805 Montalvo, 6... l'» 9
361 Grady. 4 114
706 Monterey, 4... 10«:
823 IMolIIe i.,-5 "loo|
14
• 61
j 4 V
3l /a
7 2
2h
5 Uk
9 *
! 10
i 81
13
3?
3 1
S3*
IX
6'/j
9»
10
«2 .
I 12 15
n 11*
7? 4 6 2
•-• 2 3 5
«Vi 7 3
10 i 8 2
*V% ' 10
810 , 9
13
l%*
4 4 i
64
63 ;
76 i
86 .
91
10
j Jod»h
jW. Martin
H. Manin
Hbaw
iThorpe
; Thompson
v 3 -.8
I 8-5 8 5
ill- 5 5-2
! 10 16
6 15
26 30
20 SO
26 100
; 100 200
! 60 100
jHeonesiy
Cole
Macklin
Keidy
Good Bt «rt Won handi.'y. WlnDer , G . B . MorrlB , „' by Salva.or-WldowCJicauot. Time. ■, :V9.
FlFru RACE-one mile; t
Jndez.
Horse, age. weight.
6t.
*4
str.
We
Op.
823 ICabrilio. 5 113 | a i 7~T~
(813) Don Ciareucio, 3_ 95 10 10
(724) I May H. 3 '.... 9 0 ; g V,
M 8 Do 1... 5 .no S rY*
816 Pollock. 4 ios; 5 91
8 -4 Uaudiana. 3 90 1 7. iv
(«J6) Devault, 4 108 6 5tT
812 Klenzi. 3 95 h So
812 Grandezia, 3 flj 4 hi
784 [Joan, 4 103 9 7 l/if
1 1
9
k
6 1
61
7 1
lo 3 *
12
7 2
2 h
6 1
8 a
6 J *
414,
9 1
32
10
12
4 ■_'
•31:
2 2
6 1
s*
9
7
10
1 v a
;22
8h i
44 '
6 10 !
6 3 ;
I?
96
10
W. Martin .■.:.. .
H. Brown
J. W00a»..».»...
H. Martin
i»baw
J. W«rd
J. HhU.d5.......
Slaughter
Drey Jus
! Thompson
1
5-3 "
'M
•
20
40
6
12
26
8
7-10
4
40
12
100
100
21)
16
30
12
I :43ff *"• W<>Bl>ma^ r Winner. P. iTunne'. b. h.. ( by «. t .Tlonr-i mi ,Tl«l7l i M ,D. Time,
r,e\r* RtXTH M» i ' l< _ti, ! ——________
836 BIXTH itACJi - Thr^-n..a r ter S
fillies: purs 3 C4OO.
1
Index.
Hor«p, welKbt.
Jockey.
sin<.
13.
802 litta H 107 2 I
Shasta Water.. ..IU7 Si"
802 Midliirbt 303 5
818 Chenille..... 107 4
69 Knfalba 97! I l '
524 Fannies 97 6 '."'"
........ DlablHa 87 7 """
712 Ked Fork 97 8
818 Glbblttiflibheu... 97J »|
4i/j
1 h
6 10
2 1
6 1
w
8 10
9
4 1
1 b
SP
6 30
3%
• 8 20
78
9
. 2 3
1 1
i I
S2 ' '
61
6 10
7 1A
8 10
9
1 1
26
3 2
4 6
ia
H 15
7 1
X IS
9
i snider I
Thorpe
W. .Martin...
H. Martin . .. '
lsotu
H. brown ... !
McCarthy ...... i
Kller
J. Woods .. "
0-5 4-5
8 4
6-3 5-2
5 10
40 300
Ml . 600
HO & O
)00 1000
. • " suu
lllfci" 0 * 1 * tmrU W ° n ** ndliy - Wlnn «-. H. R Edward.' eh. f.,
the poor showing made by the horse Per
sens some days ago.
, Following are to-day's entries:
First race, selling, seven-eiebths of n mile.
708 J«rumo 8 li>S| 816 Volt 104
829 Gov. Biidd 101 ts'24 Cherldah 83
824 lng>side 90 825 Big Chief 106
827 Mr fed ward.... 104 789 Woodchopper.,ll2
675 Kal Mcl 104 829 Hotspur 102
829 bocladain 99
Second rece, half a mile.
763 Barn'yischr'ib'rlOa 826 Torsida 102
<826>Bliss Kucker...lO6 826 Marvelous ' 103
(772) Outlay no; 819 Tom Suencer.'lOl
794 Tne Chew, 110 822 Fi dlr . . 106
823 ilughington 98 778 Miss Remsen..lO3
.... Clma 103 819 Uleuower IDS
758 Kxtfrnpore 95 819 Ponea ..... 106
ail ssaaMlliffi 819 Xopos 106
819 Morinel 107 '
Third race, one mile.
24 Santu7.r.a 107 («21)Bernardillo 96
! o?.i Orevhurst fl3 771 Applause 307
I 8124 Uidow Jones.. »i; 82S)Alvaraao 108
Fourth race, one and an eighth miles, selling.
8'« Oakland 104 831 Veragua. 100
£03 MorteFonsPi...lo7 H29 Leon vllle 104
§no r« terll ~- 107 BU3 Hazard 100
.98 Foremost 104 803 Collins 104
B*7 Ad. Buchanan. los 825 BlUyM'Closkeyl<>3
; «35 Doyle 104 829 Mary Kelvez.. 98
Fifth race, seven-eighths of a mile, selling.
j 818 Cousin Joe 101; 820 Kduemoant.... 96
795 Elmer F. 109 798 Coda 104
B^4 Roy Carruthera >■•» ' >?BO'Fleeta 99
813 Charlemagne... 98 693 AW P. »7
8 6 Nervoso It. 4! 812 Cavallo 98
HXu Sonlro 98 8-5 Lit lie Scot 102
786 Olive 107 827 Klmids ...;.... 10*
(681)Hfrmanita 107 1 827 Toano ..;.... 108
Sixth race, eleven-sixteentt.r- of a mile, selling.
812 Reel 10'J (Blß)Dunboy .. ...... 110
; 622 Lou Lou It 102 818 .Mercutio Un
I 830 Buisun. 102 813 A ptcv. 102
! (Hlv)Elsie Smith. ...loß 813 Hallelujah 102
I 797 sweet William. lo7 si-' ««no d'Ur. 110
i 708 Queen -Nubia... The Plunger ...107
j 725 KoUnire 107 812 Ualsey ..107
i 8)3 oanta Paula. ..10.' 824 Chappy. .v 107
I 818 Scotch R05e... .108. •. |
1
SELKCIIOXs FOR TO- DAT.
First Karp Jngleside. Hotspur, Je
rome 8.
Second race— Outlay, The Cheat, Tor
•ida
Ihlrd race — Alvarado, Bernardillo,
Applanse.
Fnurth race— Hazard, 3Tort« Fonse.
Collins.
Fifth race— Herinanita, Olive, Charle
magne.
Sixth race— Elsie Smith, Suisnn, Dun
boy.
JEFFRIES IS ALL RIGHT.
He "Will Meet Van J'.usUirk To-Mght
and Is in First-Clasa Con.
ditioo.
It was reported yesterday afternoon
that Jeffries, the Los Angeles heavy
weight who is to meet Van Buskirk this
evening at the People's Palace, had
sprained the ankle or his right foot yes
terday while practicing in an Oakland
athletic club, but when the managers of
the National Ciub were seen last evening
they said there was no truth in the rumor,
and that Jeffries was as sound as a dollar.
Gibbs thought the report was started by
some of tt;e gamblers to influence the bet
ting, which was liveiy last evening in the
poolrooms, Jeffries selling favorite at 10
to 7.
Tne backers of Van Buskirk will, it is
thought, open up their purse-strings this
evening, as the suoporters of the Los
Angeles champion will not give any better
odds than are now offered. Professor
Watson of the Olympic Club is very
sanguine that "Van 1 ' will whip Jeffries,
because he thinks "Van 1 ' is as hard a
hitter and a better ring general than his
opponent.
Two ten-round bouts will be witnessed
before the event of the evenine is called
by the "Honorable" Hiram Cook, referee.
; Homer McCoy, a brother of the well--
I known pueiliat "Kid" McCoy, will engage
in a passage-at-arms with Hen Slater.
The sports are of the opinion that
Slater will be declared a winner, as Mc-
Coy is too delicate a fellow to stand much
punishment.
Morrisseyand Maxwell should "put up"
[ a good hard fight, and as they are pretty
! evenly matched the gnessers will have no
i easy time to call a winner, but Morrissey
will, in all probability, tnfce the lonr end
of the purse. A large gathering of the
lovers of the game of fisticuffs is expected
| tc-night at the People's Palace to witness
the scraps.
Kobbed Ilis Partner.
Harry J. Fortune was arrested last night by
Detective Graham on a warrant charging him
with grand larceny. The complaining wit
ness is T. J. Walsh, saloon-keeper, 13 Third
street. He and Fortune were partners, and
Walsh alleges that Fortune stole $165 from
the safe and $30 trom the cash register last
week and disappeared.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 9, 1897.
COLONEL WILLIAM R. SHAFTER, Who Has Been Made a.
Brigadier-General.
AT LAST A STAR
FALLS TO SHAFTER
He Is Nominated Brigadier-
General of the Regular
Army.
During the Past Ten Years He
Was "Jumped" by Five
Junior Crioneis.
The New General's War Record and
His Splendid Campaign Against
Hostile Indians.
The President yesterday nominated
Colonel William R. Shatter, First In
fantry, U. 6. A., to be brigadier-general,
to till the vacancy caused by the promo
tion of Wheaton major - general, vice
Ruger retired.
The promotion of Colonel fehafter, al
ready long delayed, is bailed with satis
faction In army circles at the Presidio and
by thousands of civilians of California.
Last evening Coionel S. B. M. Young, pest
commander at the Presidio, sent a mes
sage of congratulation Dy wire to Colonel
Shaiter. The latter is in Washington on
a month's leave of absence.
When this leave expires he will return
to the Presidio, pact up his effects and
proceed to tne command of whatever de
partment he may be assignod to. It is
presumed that he will be ordered to the
Department of the Columbia to succeed
General Otis, who will go to the Depart
ment of Dakota.
Colonel Shatter has an excellent mili
tary record. He entered the volunteer ser
vico as first lieutenant of the Seventh
Michigan Infantry August, 1301, and
served one year as adjutant of that regi
ment.
lie was wounded at the battle of Fair
OaKs, Va., and promoted to major of the
Nineteenth Michigan Infantry. He was
again promoted to Jieutenant-colonel of
tne Nineteenth Michigan. In 1864 he was
commissioned colonel of th* Seventeenth
Colored Infantry. On March 16, 1565, he
was brevettei brigadier-general for gal-
Jant and meritorious service. He was
mustered out of the volunteer service in
18tiG and the same year appointed lieuten
ant-colonel of the Foriy-first United
States Infantry and brevetied colonel in
the regular army for gallant services at
the battle of Fnir Oaks.
By the consolidation of regiments in
1869 Colonei Shatter wa9 assigned to the
Twenty-fourth United States Infantry
as Jieutenant-colonel. In March, 1879, he
was promoted colonel of the First United
States Infantry.
Colonel Shatter since the war served
with renown in Texas, on the Rio Grande
frontier. He was mentioned by General
Ord as one of the most active and ener
getic officers of bis rank in the pursuit and
punishment of hostile Indians. It was
tne custom of the Indians of that region
to make desperate raids and when pur
sued io scatter to the Slaked Plains, where
they alone knew where water could be
lound. -Colonel Shatter in one pursuit
pushed across the plains to toe Pecos
River, going nearly sixty hours without
water. The campaign was conducted with
so mush'activity and resolution that the
hosiiles, renegades and thieves were pun
ished severely.
The First' lnfantry, United Btates army,
is regarded as one of the best infantry
regiment*, if not the best, in the regular
service, and much of the credit for its
efficiency and superiority is due to Colonel
Shatter.
Ii is a mystery in military circles why
Colonel Sbttfter's promotion has been so
loni: delayed. As a coionel he was lbe
senior in rank of Brooke, Otis, Forsyth,
Bliss and Coppiuger, each of whom has
been commissioned brigadier-general.
During his service in Texas he was ac
cused of being what was tuen termed an
"offensive partisan." It is surmised that
influence was exert«d against him in
Washington on this account. The theory
that prevails in the army is that socieiv
and personal influences "of a powerful
character were exerled in behalf of the
successful colonels rather than against
Bbattpr.
Colonel Shatter was recently nominated
to succeed Colonel S. B. M. Younp as
commander of the Loyal Legion, Califor
nia Cornmandery. There is no doubt of
his election, but it is thought he may re
sign iuiß honor on his departure from the
Btate.
Lieutenant- Colonel Cook of the Fourth
Infantry will probably be promoted to
the coionelcy of the First Infantry, vice
Shafter, ana may come to the Presidio as
post commander. Colonel Young, Fourth
Cavalry, who has been appointed superin
tendent of the Yellowstone Park, will re
main at the Presidio as post commander
until May 1. He will not start on the
march from Walla Walla to Yellowstone
until tho mountain passes are clear of
deep snows.
TO CUBJE A COLu IN ONK Way.
Take laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All drug
gists iciuiiU Uic money if v lails to cure. Jibe
GRAND GATHERING
OF TRAFFIC MEN
The Staff of the Southern
Pacific to Meet at
Monterey.
Agents Summoned From All
Parts of the United
States.
An Innovation to Be Inaugurated or
the Suggestirn of President
Huntington.
Collis P. Huntington has decided to in
augurate a new departure in the traffic
department.
Already instructions have gone out
to every traffic officer and commercial
agent of the company throughout the
United States and to the European agent
stationed In Hamburg, to be present on
the I3ih of April at Monterey, Cal., at a
grand gathering, designed to strengthen
the esprit dv corps of all the members of
the traffic manager's staff. The reunion
will also nartake largely of a social func
tion.
Traffic Manager J. C. Stubbs has charge
of all the preliminary arrangements and
yesterday made the following statement
relative to the matter:
By the approval of the president and direc
tors ol the .Southern Pacific Company a meet
ing of the traffic officers and commercial
agents, located in the various places iv the
United States, including the European gen
eral ageut, hag been called and will take place
at Hotel del Monte on Tuesday, the 13th inst.
For several years the principal officers of
the company have thought it advisable that
such a meeting should be held, and it is ex
pected that this meeting will be so instructive
and beueticial as to warrant repetition bien-
I nlally.
The object of the meeting is: First, to give
the foreign officers and agents — those located
nt i>oints noi on the line of the road— en op
portunity to see the linen ana the country
they serve, so that they may the more intelli
gently give information to the public; sec
ondly, to meet and know each other person
ally ; thirdly, to confer and advise with each
other as to the characteristics of the traffic
peculiar to the many separate districts and
territories in which they are employed to
work, to ouggest improvements in the" direc
tion of efficiency in accommodating the pub
lic and economy in conducting the traffic
affairs.
Those who will be present are the fol
lowing:
J. C. Stubbs, third vice-president; E. Haw
ley, assistant general trnffic manager.
Eastern territory— L. 11. Nutting, New York:
L. J. Spence, Now York; E. E. Currier. Boston
X J. Smith. Philadelphia; R. Falck. Ham
burg; W. G. Neimyer. Chicago; Q. G. Herring, j
Pm^tmrj:; W. H. Connor, Ciucinuati- V B
Prlmm. St. Louis; K. D. Willinms, Chicago- j'
H. llarmun. Chicago; 11. W. Nathan, Atlanta!
<iv.; w. R. Pagan, Atlanta, Ga.; R, O. iiesn
Nashville, Term.; L. E. Townsiey, Nashville
Tenu.; A. E. Wpodell. Uauville, Va.
Atlantic system— J. G. Schriever, New Or
leans, La.; I. S. Morse, New Orleans La. ! O
J. McCariy, New Orleans. Lb.
Texas lines— H. A. Jones, Houston, Tex. ; L.
J. Parks, Houston, Tex.; G. B. Robbini Hous
ton, Tex. ; W. J. Craig, Victom, Tex. ; C. Fa hey
San Antonio. Tex.; 1L C. Reene, Houston, Tex. '
J. K. Christian, Galveston, Tex. ; R D Berrer'
i>alUis, Tex.; P. A. Miller, Kort Worth T*x • J
<.. Mey«mofer, Waco, Tex. ; T E. Hunt. El Paso' I
Tex.; h. J. Martin, ban Anionio, Tex. • J H At- !
keisspn, Ga.vesum. Tex.; A. Irvin, ban 'An-'
tonio, Tex.; J. h. Brook", ban Antonio Tex ■
A. V. Martin, Waco, Tex.
Mexican International Railroad— C X Dun
la.p, C. P. Diaz, Mex.
Pacitic system— C. F. Bmurr, San Francisco;
T. H. (ioodmin. San Francisco; A. D. Shei.ard
Los Angeles; William Hproule. Han FrancVco'
G. W. Luce, .Sun Krancisco; R.A.Donaldson'
San Francisco; James HorsburgU Jr., Sun
Francisco: H. K. Judah, San Francisco- E P.
Rogers, Portland, Or.: G. Vi. Fletcher San
Francisco; W. K. McAllister, Denver Colo • D
R. Gray, Salt Lake City; E. A. Steifel, Hel'enn'
Mont.; T. A. Graham, Tacoma. Wash. ; U. B
McMillan, Sun Diego, Cal.; c. H. Markham' I
Fresno, Cal.; E. H. Prentice, Sun Francisco! I
C. J. Steeple, San Jose, Ca:.; & F. Booth, banta
Barbara, Cal. j
Many of the first-class railroad corpora
tions have followed this idea in the past,
and have found that good results follow'
Up to within a few years aj.-o a similar
practice existed in connection frith the
Southern I'aciric Company, but to a lim
ited extent only. It Was the custom on
the annual visits of C. P. Huntington for
him to give a dinnec to the principal
officers of the comcany, but for some rea
son this function was discontinued. It is
believed that the forthcoming reunion
will ezteud over several days and that it
will be contined exclusively to the gentle
men named and the d. rectors and Higher
officials ol the company.
Kailroad men outside of the Southern
Pacific building see in this gathering a
significance in connection with the recent
decision of the Supreme Court They
ioo* upon it as beinp in the nature of a
grand council of war in view of the een
eral apprehension that Has been preva
lent that a great rate war is imminent.
Dartmouth College Alumni.
The Alumni Association in this City of Dart
mouth College sat down last night at the Occi
dental to their tenth annual dinner. Fisher
Ames officiated ai toastmaster and Frank
Morton nad charge of the muiic. Th»re we c
a number of spe-^hes, some of which were
amusing and other* rather serious.
VALUE OF THE
WATER PLANT
Testimony Before the Sup
ervisors on the
Subject.
Ex-Mayor Pond Gives His Judg
ment as a Financial
Expert.
Engineer Schussler Explains Why
Spring Vdlley Stock Hjs Risen
Two Points in a Few Days-
More testimony was taken last night by
the Supervisors in committee of trie
whole on the water question. Engineer
Scbussler explained that Spring Valley
Water stock had risen two points within
the last few days because the public had
confidence in the showing made by the
company during the present investiga
tion before the Supervisors.
When the board assembled Dr. Eottanzi
moved, and the motion was unanimously
carried, that when the board adjourned it
should do so out of respect to the mem
ory of Supervisor Smith's father, who
died on tho day be f ore.
Dr. Clinton presided over the delibera
tions of the committee of the whole and
called K. ii. Stettin as a witness with ref
erence to the complaint made by him at
a previous meeting that he had been
charged by Agent Perley of the Spring
Valley Water Company a rate of 20 cents
for every 1000 bricts used on his new
building on Leavenworth street, near Mc-
Allister. Mr. Stettin explained that Mr.
Perley's brother, who is not employed by
the water company in any capacity, bad
informed him that 20 cents per 10C0 bricks
for the water used on the building would
be charged him. At that time there were
6000 bricks in the building, and when the
building was finished it had 11,000 bricks
in it.
Mr. Stettin's contract with Agent Per
ley was read. It snowed that he had
agreed to pay $2 for water used in the
construction of the building "according
to the established rates." Mr. Stettin had
not paid, and had not been charged a cent
more than $2 for the whole building. The
gentleman evidently misunderstood the
matter, and the board, threatened with
astigmatism of the intellect, dropped him
and called Mr. Perley.
Perley's initials are A. S., and he proved
to be a very intelligent witness. He had
made an estimate of the number of brick
and the Darreis of cement to go into the
building, ami he had lumped the value of
the water at $2, and got a contract for that
sum from Mr. Stettin. He should have
charged $4, because there were a cement
sidewalk and considerable plastering in
the house.
Ferley made the surprising announce
ment that since January 1 of this year hs
had collected $272 15 for water for build
ings at a cost oi $300, and Mayor Fhelan
facetiously inquired whether he didn't
want a partner ai that business.
Hilas A. White, a p:oneer school
teacher, was called by Dr. Clinton as an
expert on the market rale of interest on
gas and other securities. Mr. White con
fessed that he owned two buildings, one
erected in the days of '49 the other in
the spring of '50. and he could not
keep them filled with tenants all the
time. He thought tbat 5 per cent would
be a fair rate of interest, He did not own
any water stock. In fact, he said, he was
too poor to buy any. He could cot get 5
per cent on his real estate investments.
'Would you be satisfied with 5 per
cent 7" asked the Mayor.
"I wouldn't be satisfied if I got 25 per
cent. I am a Tery grasping man," re
sponded Mr. White amid the laughter of
the board. He added ttiat he would swap
his real estate at current rates for water
stocK at Its market price and would pay a
bonus of $1000 beside.
It was his opinion that the water com
pany could iigure better than the Super
visors.
"The company will always get the best
of you," he s<aid. "Sau Francisco should
own her own water works."
Ex-Mayor E. B. Pond pave his opinion
to Ihe effect that 5 per cent upon the com
pany's valuation of its stock would be
fair, and t! per cent on the actual value
would be plenty.
In answer to questions by Mayor
Phelan, witness said mat $23,000,000" of
bonds of the City ana Coumy of Sau
Krancisco could be placed at '6% per cent.
The interest on that sum wouni amount
to $805,000, while the City was paying the
water company 1400,000 a year more "than
that sum.
The company paid 15 per cent to its
stockholders some years ago, but the rate
of interest has declined within th»> last
ten years. British consols return 2?4 per
cent interest and sell for 114. The h.ber
nia Bunk, he said, paid its term deposi
tors 4.-0 per cent and its ordinary deposi
tors 3.50.
On second thought, Mr. Pond believed
that water bonds of the City and County
of San Francisco could be sold at par ami
at 3 per cent interest. He believed that
an equal sunply of water could be brought
NEW TO-DAT
B.i fl
fl Mr. B. Wood has arrived at last. He comes If
■ :-."■ in our midst with important instructions to his ' §
a firm. Commencing next Monday the firm of 1
■ S. N. WOOD & CO. (Columbian Woolen i
■ • Mills), will hold the greatest sale of Clothing 1
1 .ever known in this city. Watch paper an- 1
I nouncements. - ' 9
fl fl
' ■ ' 191
SS 9
to this City for much Seas than $23,000.0G0,
the bprine Valley's overvaluation. More
than tne present supply could be brought
to this city lor $15,000,000. He cased that
statement upon the opinion of experts and
his own knowledge of the country.
Dr. Canton asked Engineer Schussler
ana Mr. why the company had
not obeyed the recent order of the board
to place meters in certain public squares
and schoolhouses in this City, and both
gentlemen replied that they did not know.
Mr. Schussler, in reply to tne Mayor,
said that the present stock issue of the
company was $12 800.000, and it was the
intention to issue $800,000 more, provided
that the company should carry out its
plans of new construction for the Potrero
Heights reservoir and other work.
"It the interest is reduced to 5 per cent,"
he added, "I don't ihink we would realize
more than SO cents on the dollar, and wu
would have to sell a good many more
shares in order to raise the money
needed."
The Mayor asked why it was that the
stock of the company had risen from $97
to $99 since the beginning of the present
investigation, when the prospects were
that the company's revenues might be cut
down so as to represent only 5 per cent of
the valuation.
"I suppose," replied Mr. Schussler,
"that the value rose iv the market because
we have made such a goo l showing before
you, and because a good many people
think that we have not been treated ex
actly fairly by you in your conduct of this
investigation. I believe that the public
thinks that we ougnt to have 6 per cent.
Talking about reducing to 5 per cent and
doing so are entirely different things. Re
duce it to 5 per cent and you will see how
soon the stock will drop to $80."
Inquiry was next made into the cost of
the Calaveras property of the company.
Mr. Schussler said that the company paid
$1,000,000 for the property of ttie Alameda
Water Company from Charles N. Felton.
It might not have been worth that sum
then, but the Spring Valley Water Com
pany needed that source of supply for
future demands, and could not do with
out it.
Mayor Pheian took the stand as a wit
ne.-s, and said that the New "York Central
Railway Company's stock paid o per cent.
He considered that 5 per cent would be a
reasonable allowance to the Spring Valley
Company on a reasonable valuation oi its
property.
Money could be borrowed on Spring
Valley stock at 4 per cent. In the City
there is money to loan at 2% and 3 per
cent on United States bonds as security.
Some of the banks here are loaning money
for HJ-2 and 7 per cent. The rate is regu
lateu also by the size of the sum loaned.
The committee of tne whole rose, re
ported progress and announced that it
would meet, next Thursday night. That
will in all probability be the last meeting
at which testimony will be takeA.
NEW STREET PAVEMENTS
The Teamsters Exchange Views
Upon the Important
Subject.
Asphalt and Wood io Have a Trial
Alongside of Bitumen and
Basa t
At a conference recently held between
the directors of tbe Merchants' Association
and the Street Committee of the Board of
Supervisors upon the various materials
used for street pavements in San Fran
cisco and in other cities it was decided to
ascertain which materials are be~t
adapted to the streets of San Francisco.
With this object in view a meeting of the
draymen ana teamsters of the City was
called at the assembly-rooms in the Mills
building for lust night, as it was deemed
advisable to bold a conference with them
for the purpose of ascertaining their
views and wishes in this important
matter.
Various ideas were exchanged regarding
the best pavements for the business por
tion of the City. D. L. Farnsworth stated
that he was in fall accord with the associ
ation in securing good smooth pavements,
but of such material as would be durable
and yet suitable for teaming. The bitu
men had its objection, which every team
ster had discovered to his cost.
After a general exchange of opinions it
was finally decided to permit the use of
aspbalt and wood to be laid on Market
street, under the specifications provided
by the engineer of the Merchants' Asso
ciation, as a sample.
Michael Doane spoke of the manner in
winch the street railroad companies had
been permitted to pave the streets be
tween the tracks so as to prevent the use
of the same by teams. Ho said some
thing should be done to compel them to
pave in conformity with tne other por
tions of the streets.
In response to a question regarding
basalt blocks, Engineer McCulloogh gave
it as his opinion that if the blocks were
laid en two inches of sand as a bed with
half an inch space between them, into
which hot asphalt would be poured, it
would make a good pavement, durable
and binding.
The question of brick pavement was
passed, "as the experiment had no sup
porters; but asphalt and wood was recom
mended by a unanimous vote as experi
ments.
Fire Commissioners.
The Fire Commissioners met yesterday
afternoon, when Frank Skelly, hoseman 01
engine 30, and X Murphy of track 1 ten
dered their r^signaiions, which were ac
cepted. George Lynch was appointed to en
gine 30 and Dau Donovan to truck 1. Mor
timer Kelly of truck 6 was charged with
neglect ot duty and drunkenness, but the
charges were not sustained.
COLDS
Munyon's Cold Cure cures colds in the
bead, co ds on the lungs, ♦ old colds, new
colds and obstinate colds, and all, forms of
grip. Stops sneezing, discharges from the
nose and eyes, prevents catarrh, diphthe-
ria, pneumonia and all throat and lung
troubles.. These peasant little pellets are
absolutely harmless, ha7e ?a^ed thousands
of lives and prevented much sickness.
Price. 25c.
MUNYON'S
Improved Homoeopathic Home Remedy
Company put up a separate curd for each
disease. At all druggists, mostly 25 cents.
Guide to Health free. ' - -
Personal letters to Prof. Munyon, 1505
Arch street, Philadelphia, Pa., answered
with free medical advice for any disease.
The
Worst
Cases Cured
>P^^P^"^S ■"• case which other
)&WjjfF ,-■■ \ physicians have ex-
ufS#2??/ _\ perimented upon and
tyffifrffi -4^^T^^V to cure? if so,
%P&j f\Zy^'^\ a ° JlOt give up in
§TJAVEYOUABAD
- 1 *- case which other
physicians have ex-
perimented upon and
failed to cure? If so,
do not give up in
*J%Jl£s& demn all physicians
} because some ordi-
J^^^tfm&ffliir nary practitioner has
. disappointed you.
/^fflffl^Jjg^^r^S The well-known and
|wK\j!^gfJ*fw m reliable specialist,
MW^^SfiSr 'T *™ ? Doctor Cook, cure 3
(DOCTOR COOK.) when others fail.
Hi* thoughts are continuously with stub-
born cases and their remedies. He can
cure you if any power on earth can.
Suffering Women.
is not only sympathy, but help for you.
There is no earthly reason why you should
longer endure the' miseries arising from
Irregularities, Periodical Headaches, Fall-
ing or Displacement of the Womb, Leucor-
rhcea, NervouiUfess, Hysteria and like ail-
men -.vhici rob you of your strength,
„ health and beauty, and make you prema-
turely old. In sacred confidence, tell
everything to Doctor Cook, who is an ex-
pert on all Female Complaints. ' ■
U/pal- Mpn Young, middle-aged and
VT cctiv XTicti, old wno have viola, eil
the laws of nature: You are now reaping
the result of your former folly. ' Many of
you have Evil Dreams, Exhausting Drains,
Impotency, Atrophy or Me Wasting Away
of the Organs, Lost Manhood; Weak,
Aching Back; Frequent, Painful Urination
and Pediment in Urine; Pimples, Nervous-
ness, Sleeplessness, Biishtuluess, Despond-
. ency, Stupidity, Loss of Ambition or simi-
lar symptoms. In brief, your body, brain
and sexual organs have become weak.
Doctor Cook con restore to yon what you
• have lost— YOUR PRECIOUS MANHOOD.
He can fit you for pleasure, study, busi-
ness and marriage, and seed you out Into
the world with life anew. i
Vflnrnrplp Hydrocele, Gonorrhoea;
" dl IW^LCICi Gleet, Stricture and Syph-
ilis completely cured by Doctor Cook in
the shortest possible time.
k'iHnpv Bladder, Urinary, Liver, Stom-
lYlUMCy, HCn> Heart and Lung Diseases;
Eye, Ear, Nose, Throat and Brain Dis-
eases: Blood and Skiu Diseases, and Piles,
Fistula. Rheumatism, Rupture and Chroma
Catarrh permanently cured by the latest
■ and best -methods known to medical
science.
Mail Treatment Always satisfac-
iuaii 1 reairneni lory / Therefore
write if you Cannot call. Free Book on
nervous and sexual diseases to all describ-
ing. their, troubles. Office hours: 9 to 12
'• .- A. M., to 3 and 7toBp. m. Sundays from
- 10 to 12 a. M. only. Address j
DOCTOR rOOV 865 Market St..
JJ\J\jL UIV tUUA San Francisco, Ca'u
Si <ft*m& I
I 4 GREAT I
i %Co# I
I OP THE AGE I
A FAMILY 111 I
; , Which is an external and internal J \
II remedy without an equal. S
• NOT II NEW PREPARATION, EOT ONE |
I THAI US STOOD MUST OF OVER 5
; ; II QUARTER OF A CENTURY. |
j; ' Thousands of persons all ♦
;; over the United States J
; ; gratefully praise Dr. Mar- |
;; tin's Pain Curer and are J
; ; heyer without it. I;
I 1 ....... - ./;•>/..;;.-■>.. n
< I The Curer is free from all injurious < »
J \ and poisonous properties, and is en- j
(I tirely vegetable in its composition. It X
< ' tones up and strengthens the system; * >
| | purifies the blood, expels bad matter •
( i from the organs of the . body generally, X
J' . promotes' digestion, regulates the appe* ♦
) ! lite and secures a healthy state of the 9
( i system and its various functions. Taken a*
* ' occasionally as a preventive of disease, #
■ I it keeps the mind cheerful and happy | [
( | by promoting healthful action of the 4 J
' ' skin, heart, lungs, stomach, pancreas, < •
' ; bowels, l£er, kidneys, bladder, spleen, x
(I spinal co~tmn, and the whole nervous ( )
' ' system. It is also especially always #
J WOMAN'S FRIEND, and is unequaled •
I FOR THE PREVENTION BSD CURE i
j i -OF- n
I I Rheumatism, Neuralgia, Pains in j j
< • General, Bowel Complaints, I>tk- < ,
' ' pepsin. Dysentery, Cholera Mor- ( I
\ 1 bus, Diphtheria, Sore ' Throat, | !
< > Pneumonia, Diabetes, Nervous < .
1 ' Complaints, Disease *f the Stom- i I
( 1 ach and Bowels Generally,' liiYer j J
< I Complaints, Kidney Complaints, < 1
J[ Sciatica. Lumbago, Colds, Coughs, O
I) Local and General Debility, Head- <i
1 ' ache, Earache, Toothache. Sick- < >
) ; ness in Stomach. Backache, Burns, 'I
I ) Swellings, Boils, Sores, Ulcers, q
'■ ' ' Colic, Cramps, Sprains, Braises, < >
i ] ; Scalds, Wounds,' CostlTeness, In- ' '
I I digestion, Skin Diseases, £xces- | J
*' sire Itchlngs and many other <»
, ' complaints too numerous to name ' '
I I her*. In a word, the great Pain Q
' ' Curer of the Ago is an unequaled ♦
, , family remedy. ■ ■ "2
!.; j ■' Price: 25c, 50c, .00 per Bottle, 5
5 I* CALLISCH, Wholesale Agent for «
, , the Pacific Coast, San Jose, Cal. £
; ■■■■'-■ * ' o
* For sale ny all druggists. The trade +
; m ■. supplied by Reding ton & Co., Mack +
I i & Co. and Langley & Michaels. Ban ' %
a Francisco. q
910
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD
HSIJIAKV W THE M.A.KKISTS.
Bans of England rale reduced.
silver ".he same.
Wheat Futures recovered somewhat.
Barley dull and nominal.
Other Cereals neglected.
Ground Bar'.ey lo»er.
Beans and Seeds du:l.
Middlings in light receipt.
New Potatoes and Asparagus lower
Butter continues to weaken.
Two cars Eastern Eggs In.
Cheese unchanged.
Pouli ry rul firm.
Provisions dull.
Hogs continue to decline.
Wool firm.
.First open-air Strawberries.
BATE OF DISCOUNT LOWEKED.
The Bank of England yesterday reduced its rate
of discount to -Vs. showing easier financial condi
tions there.
Explanation.
Tbe arrow files with the wind. Thetopflgni««
at station indica.u maximum temperature for th«
days: those underneath it. if any. the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow In Inches and uiindredths:
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid]
lines, connect pom s of equal air pressure; iao
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "liieh" means high barometric pressure and
Is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows" usually first appear on the Washington
coast. When ihe pressure Is high In th« interior
and low alone the coast, and the Isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain Is probable:
bnt when the "low U inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon :s improb
able. With a -high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coasi. warmer
»e»ther may he experied in summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these conditions
will produce an opposite result.
WEATHKU ISLKEAU REPORT.
United States Ihtaktmest ok agricul.
IDiik, Weathkr Bureau, i*a> - .Fbancisco,
April 8, 1897, 5 p. m.— Tue following are :he rain
falls for ihe past 24 hours, and seasonal rainfalls
to date as compared with those of the same date
last seasou:
Eureka, past 24 hours .09, this season 48.04
last season 3717: Hed Bluff, past 24 hours.
this season 23.74, las* season 91: San Fran
Cisco, past 24 hours .00. this season 22.67, last
season 18.81; Fresno, past 24 hours. .00. this sea
son 10.53, last Eea*on 5.37: San Luis OMspo. past
24 hours .00, thin season 20.71, last season 15.49;
Los Aofre'.es, past 24 hours .00, this season 16.74,
lust season 8 88; San Diecro, past 24 hours .00,
thin season 11.63, last season 5 C«; Yunia, past 24
hour* .00 ill m leaaOll 6.35, last season .feß.
>an Francisco data— Minimum temperature 78,
I. mum 54, mean 66.
WeHther condilions and general forecasts:
Fair weather pi evails this evening throughout
lh" entire teflon west of the itock/ .Mountains.
1 he pressure in highest in Idaho and lowest in
Arizona, a moderate norther has pr vailed to-day
throughout California and Arizona. Tli.s has been
accompanied by unusually warm weather, lem
peraturrs ar^ove 80 degrees are reported from 'lie
interior ot California and from points along the
Southern California coast: however, the pressure
baa bfcun to increase along tan Southern Caii
loruia coast, while the high tempe a ures in the
Interior will result in lower pressure Inland; this
wilt probably cause winds shitting to westerly,
and cooler weather along the .Southern California
coait Friday.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending at midnight. April 9. 1897:
>ortlitr.i California— Fair Friday ; cooler along
the southern coast in the afternoon; light north
erly, shifting to brisk westenv along the coast.
them California — Fair Friday: probably
cooler along the coast in tbe afternoon; fresh
northerly winds, shifting to westerly along the
coast in the aiteruoon.
Nevada, Utah and Arizona— Fair; warmer Fri
day.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Friday, proba
bly becoming cooler Friday afternoon: light va
riab:e wiuus, becoming brisk westerly Friday
afternoon.
W. 11. II amm on. Forecast OfficiaL
NEW lUKK 11 '.l.hi;i>
jn'EW YORK, N. V., April B.— The general mar- 1
kets were quiet and featureless.
The bond market is neglected.
There was some activity in Sugar and prices were
■bout a point higher.
The coal stocks were off under bearish influences
and the c*n< rai list sagged in sympathy, the mar
ket being 11111. at the c ose.
Railway stocks ruled firm, but changes were in
• gmlicant. , ; r :
1 ur silver $ 61%
Her.n;gon London, 60 days ' 486 Va
Sterling on London, sight 4 8S
U. H. -'a. registered 9rf 60
U. 8, •.'*, new ; ll>4 '25
V. S. 4's, new, coupon 124 75
U. S. 4's ; 11l 50
L. S.4's.couo lla 87%
V. 8. s'» „ 114 50
U. >. coupru 114 oO
SUUAIt-(.u>a, centrifugal, 3%c.
GRAIN KUKIIiIiTa- .-c* Yor< to Liverpool,
by steam, 2i'jd .
WiiEAT- 9:30 10:00 10:30 11:00 11-.3J
M»y 723* 725/, 72% 7a6/ 8 7*
Jul." 7*V« «>* 72V« 71.3/.
September 70»/ 70% "UVa 70(^8
BAULKY— Firm. -New York leedlng, 25»4c c
f. 10 J:utfal»: m. liing, 35®4'2c. as to quality.
KYE-Quiei. Mute, «>B@39c; -No. 2 Western,
B.HjjC c 1 to Buffalo.
CUB » - Spot firmer, sales «6,000 bushels Includ
ing iur ex run ot .No. 2 mixtu. 00, 000 on private
terms, and 24,100 do n*-w nt c 0y 2 c 1. ab. afloat'
(So. 2 mixed in elevator, 1000 nl 29 1: -no. 2 do,'
■000 di'lne-fi lit 30c. Futures advanced Vac
lu-ore sales . o,£oo bushels.
•OATS— Spo. sieudy. s-aes 61,000 bushels, in-
Blodinr SO.COJ .No. '£ wnne clipjHjtl on private
terms:! o. 11 afloat for export. No. 'i white. 2414 c;
No. 3 do, 23c; No. 2 while clipper, Vise: No- 3 do.
?3VaC: No. '2 mixed. 22c: No. M do, lilc: rejected
oilxeii, '^Oc; rejerted white, iO^O ci 'i2®'zii/^c\
No. 2 mixed Uellverrd. i;3c: tra ■» tnixej 11.000
at 21to-'4c: track white, 15,000 at 2»(ai. Oc. tu
lui«s advanced Vie; future oalei, 65.0J0 bJsQels.
COTTON- Spot cotton her..' unchanged, xvnh
tales of i '20 i buies for export and 230 for spinutog.
Middling uplands, 7'ix, a-.-nis' TVgC las: year.
New Oneani and Gulf, 7^%f, acni b. bV&c last
(rear. Southern spot - mar* vis un han»eu. New
Orleans solil : 000, Savannah ;-,90 Mobile 20J
Augusta 165 a:.u Norfolk 16 bales Liverpool on
•pot uncivilised, with sales of 12,000 bales. Fu
tuies : here declined %iol point. j.'./i »
BTOCKS AND BONDS. ' C.'-.',~j
Ojxning. Closing.
American Sugar i.. i>7^ JlH. ; ;ii
Aiuer can Sugar Fid...: 102 60
American Tobacco..... 74 00
American Spirit aiig c 0.... 13 00
Aiclnson V 10 6214 10 7j
L'hlcauo ..us 79 00 80 60
C.H. <t Q 7112% »UU
'•>!). Gas -. 159 50 1»>1 60 '
Delaware & Lackawana.... — — 152 60
3eneral Electric »2 00 ' Hl6'Ji./i
J.rse- Central : 7762Vs 78 triV»
Kansas <& Texas; pid 27 50 • 27 60
Lake Shore 165 50 1655.)
Louisville <t Nashville 4 6 371.4 '," 4t> b •
Mannatian C0n.'.. ....... }.. : > b5 so '
Missouri t'aclil ■ 15»»7Va 1600
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WHEELOCK & CO., * 5"
4 ' XiCldesdorfT St. Tel. Main 1934.
I.V -VI n»I. OFFICE
C 23 Market SI., la I ace Hotel. l»nr ly A Atkinson.
Managers. Tel. .Main 6144.
Uptown Uflici— Baldwin liote! (adjoining lirlU
ltooni). Tel. Main IUBI.
PURDY. ATKINSON & CLAPP, Manager*.
Orders instantly.' executed on latest market quo
tatlona. Reference Ist National Bank. b. i.
' New York Cent r«l 100 00 100 Vft
North Pacific 12 87J£
North Pacific, pM M ; 50 S6B"V»
Northwestern 104 60 10f> 12 Vs
Pacific Mail «7 12% '27 12U.
Hock IsUud 6.! SO «337^ii
Heading : I .o>7iA 'JO 75
81. Paul 73t'O 73 50 •
Texai Pacific. 8 25
Tennease- i 0.14 Iron 26*6 25 12%
Union Pacific 5 75 5 7.1
U. s. Member 6 75
U. S. Leather, pfd f.4 75 65 75
Western Union 80 75 82 26
CHICAoO (iIAKKETi.
WHEAT— 10:?0 i 1 :()0 12:00 1:00 2:10
Mnr e6Vs 6£)"k 6t>Vi 6b»,4 66^/4
July 66% 66Vi «>6V^ t>6Vi 663/ 8
September tiaf-.8
1L':O<) 12: 0 1:00 1:15
April 613/ 4
May 6- J, 4 66»4 6. 66»/
July 6bi/8 66% bti» i lit>6/g
sep:eiuber • tilS'
Produce.
CORK— April. 2:tVi@23%c: May, 23V3325%c.
OATS— , 161/ c; May, 16V«c
PORK— »prl *■> 07; M«y, *- JO.^S l'j%
l>Ali«—Arrll, 54 07: May. $4 07@4 U.
SliOi.T Kit, »-.A|>ri!, if 1 47; M»y, *4 47.
I.iv«-<t«irk.
HOOS-I,i C S3 M)<ttH97i;»: mixed. *3 8034;
heavy. $3 6 >@4: rough. . 3 P&.'ijS 70.
CAT 1 LK— fi< eves, $3 >t@s 2'): coin and heif
ers, f2@4 SO; T. x*s ■lerl , $3 2J(s-l 40: stockers :
and letd-is, $3 iO@4 45.
SHKKP— Mnrkei steady. Nutlve sheep, ?3@
5 20; Westerns, *4Cq..): iambi. ir4@e.
FOKKXuH MAEKKTS.
Loudoa.
Consols 112 7-16
Sliver 28S/gd
Liverpool.
BAT— Quiet. o. 1 standard California wheat,
'.8s; carhops oil coast, dv.l: cargoes on passage,
weak, 3d to tid tower: >.n>;lis'i country markets,
l>HriiHll>- 6.1 cheaper; French country markets,
quiet Liverpool wheat, No. l California, 6s lid®
6s; wheat in Paris, weaic- flour In .Paris, weak.
COT i ON — Uplands, 4 l-S'.'d.
LOXDO.N. i.NO.. April -The managers of the
Bank of Knxlaud io-aay reduced the rate of dis
count to I'Vis*.
FnTUKKS.
The Produce Exchange cable elves the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Hod Winter: May,
is 7 1 2 a ; July, 6s 7y d: September, 5s t>*id.
KXCHANGK AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 83%
Sterling kxchatige, sight — 4 88'
Sterling Cables — 4 88%
.New York Kxchauge, sight — 17V 2
New Yorit Exchange, telegraphic. — 20
line silver, per ounce, — 6181
Mexican Dollars 49V£ 60
PEODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT A>'l> OTHER GRAINS.
WHKaT— A recovery at Chicago gave futures a
corresponding impiovunmt here, but spot prices
remained unchanged. Business is still flat, as
there are f»-w buyers in the market. Quoted at
SI 171/2* 120 ij» ctl for common grades, $1 25 for
average No. 1, ( 1 87% for choice and $1 3S@l 40
9 ctl for extra choice milling.
CALL BOARD sa l.r.s.
In Knit mat. Skssion— 9: l.*> o'clock— December—
20 ' JO c Is, 91 07%; - 00. $1 O •;«,„; 4001). SI 08;
tOOU, $1 083,,; '10,000, $1081/8- M»»- — .oi,o,
$1 143/ : .otiO, SI l*3 /4 ; 4COO, SI 15%: 2000,
*1 156 8 ; 2000, SI 18.
Skcoxi>s>ssion— Mav— 2oooctls.§l 16*4; 2000.
$1 16%; 6000. $1 16V4: 6000, Jl 161/8: 2000,
SI 16%; 20 JO. $1 .71/8 December - 20,000,
$1 fci>%: 2oOi). SIOSS^: 10.000, $1 OeS,i; 62,000,
51 09: I^.OUO. $1 o*%
Kegtjlar Morning Session— December— 2ooo
ens. .51 on%: .4 000. si 08%.
Aj-tkrnoon !?KSSiox—l»«-ceniber— 2o,ooo ctls.
$1 09. -Ma/ -2001., »i 16%; 2000, *l 17.
BaKLKY-Xo change 10 report. Business is
very dulL Feed, «o©67i^c; Brewing, nominaL
CALX BOARD SAJ.RM.
IXFOKMAX. skssion — o'clock— Xo sales.
!>kconij May— 2ooo ctls, tJsi.«c.
Keguub Moils ma session — December— 2000
ctls, bSSgc: 14,0U0. tihl'-c.
afternoon !-KW»i< >n- M ay— 2000 ctls, 67c:
2000, 67V*c. December— Booo, 6^/40.
uaTS— Dealers are selling 1.0. hi of any conse
quence. Milling are quotable at $1 15@1 -JO
%4 ctl; Fancy Feed. $1 25©1 30 1? eil: common
White, 81@1 10; pood to 1 hoice. $1 12i.£@l 2 ■-'».. :
Black for feed. 95c®.$l 05; Orav, *1 10®l 17%:
tsurnrise, $1 35@1 40 %i ell. Clipped Oats sell (lift ,
2 per ton over .lie raw product. » \'
CORN— The demand is practically niL Large Yel- |
low, ttoia.v.:i 2 9 ctl; tmall Hound do, 97% C;
White. 80@8oc ~*> ctL
RYE- 77%@b2Vic ¥> ctl.
BUCK Witt AT— Quoted at $1 15©1 25 ft cU.
FLOUR AXD MILLSTCFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras,
*-;75@4 85; Bakers' extras, $1 50@l 65; Super
fine. $*<g,4 35 i* bbl.
COR.NMKAL, ETC.— Feed Corn. $17 50@18:
Cracked Corn, $18@19 fi ton.
MILLs>TUFF.->— Prices in sacks are as follows,
nsual discount to tbe trade: Graham Flour, $2 85
V 100 lbs; Kye Flour, $2 30 %4 100; Rice Flour,
$5 75; Corn meal, $2482 25: extra cream do, 52 75,
Oatmeal, $3 60; Oat Groats, $4; Hominy, $3 .0®
3 3D; buckwheat Flour, »3 25@3 50: Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4; U'hoio Wheat Flour,
fa; Rolled Oats(bbls). $4 75@5 16: Pearl Barley,
S3 75g4; Split Peas, $3 SU. Greeu do, $4 XS "f 100
lbs.
HAY ANIJ FEEOSTL'FFS.
Receipts of Bran are fair, but hardly any Mid
dlings are coming in. Ground Barley is lower
again.
BRAN— SI 2 50@l 3 for the best and $11 50@12
V ton for outside brands.
JIIDDLINGS-$16@17 50 for lower grades and
$18@18 50 V. ton fur the best.
■ i EEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $14 60@15|
(.-ilcaice Meal at the mill, $26 60 % ton; jobbing,
f27 50.
HAY— Wheat, $8011 50; Wheat and Oat, $7®
10; Oat, ?6@B 50: Barley, *6 50&8: Alfalfa, $6
©7 50: compressed, *6@9 50: block, f&O6; Clo
ver, $6® B $ ton.
STRAW— '2S*SOO %t bale. ■
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS- Bayoa quoted at $1 75@193; Small
Whites, fli^l 20 per Large Wnites, $I@l 20
f» ell: Pinks. *1 06®*l 20: Reds, $1 10@l 20:
Blackeye, *1 60©l 75; Red Kidney. $2@2 60: Ll
mas. «1 60@l bO; Butters, $1 25©1 60. i't-a, $1 10
@1 25.
SKKDS-Brown Mustard, f2 50(32 75; Yellow
Musturd. .*1 50 V* ctl; i'lax ;. SI SO * ctl; Canary
fcei-d, ]«4®. >,*<-• ¥ Ib: Alfalfa. BV*c; Rape, 2V;»@
2 a /ic; Hemp. 3c: Timothy. 41/2 C
UKIEU 1-Kas— Mies, lfl@l 20 & ctl; Green,
*1 25© 1 40 j» ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
New Potatoes and Asparagus are lower.
• POTATOES- New Potatoes. l@2c V Ib: Sweet !
Potatoes, $i@l 75 ctl: Early ilose, 65(575c '
* c-.l; River Keds, (>s@7&c: Burbank Seedlings,
45@65c f» ctl for lUv-r.s, 90c@$l 10 for (Salinas
and 60t&75c for Peiaiumas; Oregon Burbauks, 65c
£$1 10.
ONlONS— Oregons, $2 6003 «i ctl. Cut Onions,
$.' «« sack.
VEi.ETABLKS— RecelDts were 607 boxes As
paragus. 640 iiox»>i Rhubarb a: d 3.9 ska Peas-
Hothouse Cucumbers quotable at 7Li-(q,sl 60 V
dozen; Asparagus, Bi/4@3V<>c for common, 4®sc
i» !b for choice and Lfeßc V It, for fancy: Rhu
barb, 7-c@9l 50 %i box: Marrowfat squash, $7
(as v- ton; las Ancelts Tomatues, *l(a,l "25 '?. bx:
Mexican Tomatoes, $I@l 50 V, box: Dried
Peppers, 6@Sc * lb; ureen Peas. V@4c; Los
Angeles string Beans. B@loc V Ib: Drle . Okra. 8
@9c >» tt»; C'Hbbage, 40^fi>)>- > ctl; Carrots, 25©
Me V sack; Garlic, U/2^2c f lb.
liUTTEK, CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— The market continues to shade off
slowly and is very weak.
Cbkamkiiy— Fancy creameries, 13@13i/2C; sec
onds. i2ai2vic * Tb.
- Dairy— Choice to fancy, ll@l2c ft Ib; lower
grades, B©luc.
Picklki>— l»Vi@l4c ?. !b for new.
Firkin— IH(SI4c fk lb for new.
- Cbkamkby Tub— New, 14(«14%c ?i lb.
CHKksk— choice mild new, bVx(47c %< Ib: com
mon to good, 6Va«l6c: Cream Cheddar, 10(g,llc:
Youn* America, 7@Bc; Western, lie: Eastern, 13
@15c t* lb.
EGGS— Two cars Eastern have arrived. The
market Is dull and unchanged. Ranch Kg?s, 1 1 ',2
@12c; stote ERgs, 2 @lic ¥ dozen; Duck Kggs,
145,15 c>. <107.-n.
POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTKY-Brollers ana Fryers are weak, but
all otber Kinds of Poultry are firm. Hare are dull
owing to th«- lio'. weath«-r.
. Live Turkeys, ir@l6c for Gobblers, 15@16c for
Hens: Grrse 9 pair. $'2@2 25; Goslings. $2 50@3;
Backs. 55@6 50 for old and *7@B 60 tor youi g;
Hens. »4 50&5 60; boosters, young. fB 60®7 50-'
do, old, *4SU(cfIS; f rvi-rs, *sc<i 60: Broilers, »4@5
for large and «2 6U@3 60 for small: Pigeons, $_|A
2 25 %4 doz for yoiinl: and 91 60 for old
. tjAMh-l.are, 76c@i|il; Rabbl;a, *1 25 for Cot
tontails and *1 for small. :pu,; v
DECIDUOUS AND CITKUS FRUITS.
One drawer of Sirawberries. the first grown In
tlie open air, came In from J. a. JBoul ware of Palo
Alto and sold at SI ■» basket.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples. ll@2 V box.
; CITRUS Fill: lTS— Navel Oranges are quotable
at $2 2S@3 26 9 box; Seedling, 75c©$l 26 «
box; Mediterranean Sweets. $I@l6O * box;
Lemons. 75c@$l 2r> lor common and $1 50@2
for pood to ciiolce: Mexican Limes, S4 V. b.x;
California l.imes. 75c; Bananas, f I@'J %i buucn ;
Pineapples, If2®4 «4 doz
DBIED Ills, KAIiIXS, NUTS, ETC.
' Tbe market continues neglected.
DRIED Quotations are as follows:
Peaches, 4@si^c «»' lb; fancy, 6c ft Ib; peeled,
10@12^|C; Apricots, 6@Bcs Hoorparkt, 10®12c;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 9, 1897.
evaporated Apples, S ®s Vic; sun-dried, , 2@2V»c;
Prunes. 2\4#2%C for the 4 sires: white .figs, 3c;
Plums, •lfa4J/j.ij :or i.Hted and l@lVa'" for anpit
ted: Nectarine*. :iiAfcisi,ic'il tb lor piime to fancy:
J J enr^. •Ji.:,<a,4t; for wuole, l.'V"®&- or quarters and
3@4c for halves.
I'.AIM.NM-
Four-crown, loose, 5S4c: 3-crown. 41/4p: 2-crown,
33/sc.fi n»: seed ess rMilianns, bfcCb^c: seedless
Mus~atels 41/2 C: 3-crown London layers. %I©l V 5:
clus em, .* 1 su; l>eii<s& clusters, *-• 60; luiperial
clusters, g!J 50: dried crapes out.
NUT*- (lies nuts quotable at 8(<$10c; Walnu's.
6Vir@7c V lb tor standard and 94691/3 C * lb for
softsnell; Almonds, 6@tiU>c for Languedoc, 3@
3Vic for hardshell hiid B@9c > Ib for papershel,;
Peanuts, 4fa6c ft 11. 101 Kasteru and 4c for Cali
fornia: Hickory Nuts, ■ 11.6 c¥* &>; Pecans, 7 1 2 fl>
8c ft ll>: filberts, 7y«@Bc; l!r*ril Nuts, 7Vs<6»Bc;
Coconn:its .:. r .(ii'i 50 r 100.
lIONKY— Comb. JO(gil 'jy 2 for brijrht and 5(39c
for lower grade*; wat>*r-wh!i.e extracted, s@s^;C;
11-h anib-r extracted. 4i/«®4 :< / 4i-; dark amber,
1«(3m; da:k, ifgi-lr^ ft,. "~
BEESWAX — f« lb.
I'KOVISIONS.
Trade la auiet and prices are unchanged.
CUBED MEATS- Bacon. 7c * It. forheavy, 7%c
« lb for light medium, 10c for light. 10% c%i 11>
for extra light and 12c ft &> for sugar cured. East
ern sugar-cared Hams, 12'/^c ft lb: California
Hams, lie V Ib: Mess Beef, $9 V bbl: extra
mess do, $9 50: family do, $1 '©10 50; extra
prime Pork, $8 50; extra clear. $14 V* bbl; mess,
SJ'J %* bb ; .Smoked I!-.*:, 100 t* Iti.
I. It U — Kutiern tlerc»s ur. quoutd at 5%c for
compound ami 6%@7c lor pi re: palls 7%c;
Calitoi tierces, 4V?c for compound and 60 for
pure: balf-bbls, 7c: 10-tb tins, 7* .c; 'to 5-lb 73/ic.
COTToLENh- 6c In tierces und 7»ifeßHc in
10- lb t.ns.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS — Are weak and dulL
ColN and brands sell lc ft lt> under sound stock.
Heavy salted steers are quotable at 8c ft lb;
medium. 7c ft lb; light, 7c ft !b; Cowhides, 7c:
stairs, 6c: salted Kip, 7c «t lb; salted I'alf, 8c:
sa:t»d Veal. 7c; ary Hides. 12Vfc®13c: culls and
brands. 9 y a @loc ?t IS; dry Kip and Voal. 9@luc;
dry Calf. .sc; culli. 10c; Goatskins. ?(l«a.<sc eacli;
Kids. sc; Ueerskins. goo.l njoimur, *Jsc if lb;
medium, 2Uc: winter, 10c; :-hee ptkins, shear
lings, UlSv-Oc each: short wool, 2BA3&C each;
medium. 3U(g>4sc each; l'>tic wool-, 40iabOc each,
TALLOW— No. 1. rendered 3<a>Hi/4C f, n>; No. 2
2Voc: refined. sc: iireu.se. I'c ft tb.
VWjOL — sprlne clip is quoti-a us folio**: Moun
tain, llullr: Foothill, 1 0® I 'J l a C : >an Joaquin,
year's clip, T.'juiOc: do, seven months, 8«sllc f*
lb: Nev«das, 10(g}14c; Eastern Oregon, 7(gll0c.
HOPS— 6@bc lor lair to choice and 9©loe f! lb
for fancy.
GKNKRAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Ba;s, spot, 6»ic; June-
July delivery, 5«4c; San Uuentin, $6 40; Wool
Bags. 'J4i£.27c.
COAL— Wellington, $8 f* ton: New Wellington,
$8 per ton: Southfield vVelllncton, $7 50 V ton
Seattle, $5 sli: BrjaDt, 85 50; Coos .Hay, $4 75
ton: Wallsend, $7 %» ton; Cumberland,
$13 60 «* ton la bulk and $15 in sacks; Pennsyl
vania, Anthracite Kgg, $1 I(<jl2 %l ton: Welsh An
thracite, $S@10; Cannei. $8 * ton: lock Springs,
Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley, $7 60; Coke,
$M<ai2 in bulk and $13 ton In ska. .
SUGAR- The Western :^ugar Itetinlng Company
quotes, terms net cash: i übe and Crushed and Fine
Crushed. bV4c: Powdered, 53, 4 c; Dry Granulated,
6Vfcc; Confectioners 1 A, 61/8' ; Magnolia A, 43/ 4 c;
Kxtra C, 4. r «,s c : Golden C, 4%c: Candy Granulated,
5' 4 c; half barrels i^cmore, than barrels and boxes
%c more.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Another decline in Hogs Is noted.
Wholesale rates fur dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows:
BKKF— First quality, 6c; second do, 5@5%c;
third do, 4{<s4%c > m.
VKAI.— Large, s<is6c: small. 6@7c ■& Ib.
ML'TI O.v — Wethers, by z 'a.6c; Jiwes, 5c 9 Ib.
LAMB- Spring, 7(g^c '<& Ib.
POKK— Live Ho..s. :;» 4 «H( for large and 4 Vic
for small and medium; dressed do, s(jgißVic.
RECEIPTS OF I'llOiiUUifi.
TOR 24 HOURS.
Flour, or »if« ... 18.0&6 Kuttor. ctit..._ 349
\Va!!hing:on... 3,216 Cheese, c-m 285
>vti(i»-, cli« 760 K(fKS. aoz " 28,110
p.»rley. cil^ 4 o:-.O UWev n0.... "" 453
X eana. ski „ 307 1 Petit bdl*. ".... 210
Corn, ctls 7,010 Win*, cais. _ 47.3110
Potatoes. ales.... 3,318 Wool. Dii 1.097
Oregon 4. Washington... 8
Dnioiii sk>...__ 4^ l I.ealU^r. 1u1u.... 6 -
H ay. ions _ 662 l.ime. bbli. ... 200
Straw, ton*. 16 Flaxseod. W. sks i>2o
l.i»i.. m.l 1,600 Mustard Seed, *£. 18
illddling*, ait Alfalfa Seed, ski 20
THE STOCK MAKKET.
Mining stocks were weaker as a rule and busi
ness was quitter, though Con. Cal. & Va. .-old up
to SI 70.
The Silver King Mining Company of Utah has
dec-lured a dividend of 25 cents per snare, cmount-
Ing to ?37.500, payable April 10.
'1 he official report from the Savage mine, dated
April 5. states that on the 750 level of the Corn
stock workings the west crosscut 6 feet back from
the face of the north driu Is in 71 feet, the face
being in hard porphyry and quartz. On tbe 500
level the oid north drift irom the main wtst drift
is repaired a total distance of 138 feet. On the
850 level west crosscut 3 was advanced 7 feet;
total let h7O feet: th« face Is in hard porphyry.
On the Brunswick lode shaft 1 hits been lank 10
feet on Hie incline since last report and is down
902 fe. t. 'i he tottom Is in porphyry and seams
ofquanz. Have stopped sinking and are raising
the chutes, preparatory to opening the 6uO leveL
400 level— East crosscut 2. started from th« face
of the main north drift '.05 feet from the south
boundary, was advanced 5 feet; total length 55
feet; face in porphyry.'
In the Crown Point mine for the past week 'he
south drifi on the seventh Hi or of tin 800 level
raise wit* advanced 11 feet, and is now out 101)
feet from the raise; the face contit.U's in por
phyry and streaks of low-grade quartz. The raise
from the end of the southwest drift on tae 600
level Is now up two floors, the top snowing 2 to 4
feet wide or quartz giving assays of from *8 to 10
per ton.
In conjunction with the Kentuck Consolidated
and Ye. low Jacket companies the Crown Point
people are cleaning out the south <.riftonthe
-sagebrush" level of the Y»l ow Jacket mine pre
paratory to connecting with the K«ntuck Consol
dated west cro-scut and exploring the west coun
try from it. The drift has been repaired 240 f^et
from the Yel ow Jacket i-h*ft.
The Belcher mine during the past week yielded
sixty-seven mining carloads of ore, the average
top-car sample of which was $20 67 per ton.
The Alice God Mining Company of Montana
paid a dividend of 5c per share on the 7th.
The regular quarterly div.d. of the Ameri
can Sugar h«rliu.uKC«mpti.y were | aid on the 2d.
I The quarterly ulvid'-nJ of the Commercial
Cab c < ompniiy was Dsid on the Is .
The Montana Ore Purchasing Company will pay
a ilivid ml of 3-. per share on the 15tn.
The Western . Union Telegraph Company will
pay a dividend of IV* rercem on the 16th.
The California sure. Deuosit and Trust Company
will pay a dividend of $1 50 for the quarter on the
15.h.
liOAKl) SALES.
f0110w..-,* were the i*les in the San Francisco
Hock Board yesterday:
JUGULAR MOKNTNO BKBIOf, rOVMFvrr V<* f>:3o.
100 Alt*. .....07 100 Caled 121300 KentuclcO6
200 OS jOJ Chalice... V 6 10-» Mexcn-...45
60 Belcher... :*7|IUU Ch0ir. ..1.15 i\)<i Ophtr .1.00
lOOti&B 6ti7O<J CC<JfcV...l.t?i 200 Potosl 33
*00 «i 200 U<fc C 34 10U b Ny 46
800 64 100 HAN 8b
MBnoni KKBBIO.V— i:3O.
10n Aloha...* H' 330 CCiV_.l.eO 103 Ophlr... 1.00
200 Alts.. 0710U Conn B.l3'Ja Fotoil... 33
luo a n<!)>«.. ....'J? 100 U J0;nt...:0 6t> s Npv...'.'47
100 Belcher.. .37 JL' ; U<fcc 35 200 Union O. 26
10< J.ai; 64 100 Alex 46 10«» * J«M)*«t '_>»
200 8u11i0n... .101100 .45
Following wera me ...«■ in the i'aclflo stock
loaid yesterday:
BEGULAB SFJWIOW— IO:3O
400 Alpha 11l 50 Contl 832»0 Ocorl.. ..16
100 Alts Oh 50) V lmD.. ..02 40J ODhlrl 02V2
200 Andes 2V 700 Con Y...C2 100 OTrmn.. 08
4<M Jielcner...:f»rtOJC 1'0im.... 1045J foun .33
600 L i a 6ti ; ,(J KxcliQr...(J.. M) 1 Mvntp. .^8
700 6..4UU udiv. 35 600 Scorpion. .o4
200 tn11i0u....lU I dOU 100 bB.UM. .05
200 Caleda....l.v«:E>o H&N Bfc 400 8 N#v._ 47
3uO Chai ike. ...-»> 500 Jusilce. ...OM 1500 8 Hill 01
340 Chollar.l. 15 1000 L Wash.. ol -JOJ Ouiuu... -27
300 CC&V...I.U!. 700 Mexican. .4- 100 Utah.... 07
4<<o 8 1000 45 250 1 J»ci£i..2#
700 1.00
AFTKBNOOX KFSSIOV— 2:TJ.
2ni a tana..... 10 150 Chllr iy g 4OO 0vrmn....08
900 Alt« 07 100 i urni ... M>2ooPotosl 34
250 Ande5.... .22 4.10 c P0int.. ..1670U . ......S3
-111 £elcbtr....3»tfOJ <..t( 3J'3UO Karate.... 28
6)0 37 250 H&N 88 700 Scorolon..o4
75 lidrß 64 500 Kentck....O6aOO s|:<t.M . .Oft
2110 8u11i0n. ...1u 700 Mexican. 46 -'0l» 8X.v... 47
200 Caleda.... 200 44 100 Stanrd_.l&' 8
100 C&llncaS7V> ONv Qn 05 00 J Uuiou. ..'Zti
20J 3ti3000ccid11....16 V Ju*.....2«
6SU UC*V...l.»>o 4&0 Unti;r UJI .. 800 ..." . "»
ioo u&i  . i
CXOSINti €»ITOTAriONS.
THURSDAY. April 8 4r. k.
Jirt.AUeif. ' Bi<t. .<  4,
?>n<«i»flnifa.... 10 11 Jollr* ......... «4 l>6
Alt». 07 08Jn«tlc^; „ - 05
Andes. "1 '■£$' Kpninclc. 06 06
Belcher 37 3t« Mfxlcan 44 45
£est&Bele&K 65 66' Nevada Qnoaa. — ( t;
fcentoncoa... — 15 Occidental. .. 1 0 17
bullion 09 lu|i)i.hlr 1.00 1.06
Caledonia.. 12' 15- Overman 08 00
Chollar 1.10 1.15 i'oiosL ... ... 33 84
I'on.UalAVa... 1.65 1.6(|-avas«. 27 28
Ciiallene* Cox 35 S6 scorpion... — ' — (4
Con. imperial. 02 -cc. lielcbsr. . 04 —
Commence.... 80 82 .- liver llill 01 13
lon .New Yok 11 — - err* XevaJ*. 46 47
Cjuwii Point... 16 16 -tandard 1.60 1.65
tasiaierraNs? — n -j-ndlcata. ..^ — .1 .1
.Eureka Coa... — £0 UnlOuUou..... 2& 27
Kxctaequer .... OS IK iiu . 07 'IK
bi>utu<kcurrr. 34 36 >tUu«^<4. -J8 29
«*>.f.JH—t«i 86 81
MOCK AM> BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY. April 8-2 P. it.
'.'•". tMTHi STATUS BONUS. .
>'.'4»«i| : • SIX Atked.
PB4s eonr.na^ - v Stares, .. Mil UVft
l>oaew «a»uei24 — |
MISC.- .i.l AN BONDS.
C*t-«tCM*>!i*.ll2 — ,OaltUasss.. _ ]0t
CalKl«cL6* — 130 Lo 2d Li 55. . . — 109
CmimUW&i 96% Hi* OniuiDus o*,. 120V»l-l
bpot-stex-cp — 100 I'&Mltyds. - 113
td«nl.&PH,l29 - )>&uußy69. — 106
titCH«KCiIOS 107 |l'wi-s: lift tit 113 118
«»>«rv-«t Rsa _ 100 |l<t-uo. WUL — 10j .
HiAs 5 100 _ tactoP&f^. - 10U
l.i'sAneLtfi S'JJ^IOO < tM1*At5«..101 8.1103
DoGnleed 6j 9«V^iUO tPKKArIi6i 9_",4 93V*
-MKt-BtCb.e6sl-.':n/ 4 _ i^PKhCaloi. 103y 107i^
LoKyCon 6«. lUiS/glU&lA'si'KK* »lsi. 81 95
Nn:Vlri6slst _ iou -i>BrßCal6i. »6 -
s>.«fVO>KK7i. - ion sVWaiertia. 11714 —
IS HfCal tts.lo.; _ >,V\V«ter«. 1003<81013i.
:> i.y I*. .» b5 - tjikmUdtii j» bgi/aiUOVa
•ttATKt HWKV
Contra Costa 37 40iAl6prai Vaiia/ Bt% sB%
MarlnCo..... ias.i &j3/ 4 | . V "
«>AS AMI KLo.CTBrn 1 TO-Ti
Capttn!. _ 30 iraclfle L!ih; - 51
Central. PBi-, _ s F GAKlec. 1454 tsi/i
M tiec Llgtj; BV2 »>A -an Franc»co is /8 2J^
Oait<it.<fcK S4 54y 2^iOcjCWU.... - <i\t
f«v bu loui 91 s i b3 I
:v- KAN,--; ktoTKV
Flreman'iFrtlß2i^ — | '
«>m >< . . 1% -. >-»vie ■; ;';^;*"
ADCIO-Cal... 60 5H, 4 First Natlonl 111 183
Ban* of Cal.. 240 kondonP&A. 127^)301^
UJbI)JiTCOIO7 lOtf lilerchKx. -
PAVIXWI KAN-IC BTOTC
Grrß<&ljCo~l34o — iSavALoaa.. — 30%
HumbStl..liii 1 _ I|T| iihilij IfH| — %'■
Mutual 38 41 I UuionTru»;.oßo 900
bto»v Union 16 J — j
6TRICKT RAILROAD STOCKS.
California.... 107 no u«lcEsL«fcH»/ -• IV*
Uvary-st... - 35 — Vn-ahlio 4 6
il»r«cei-51..., »4y, 44% :
• -•.. - >T'V'Kl.
Atlantlcn... 18 17 lOlantCoa.... 51% 52%
California.... - no Vljjortu 40; 75c
Kaaiernl).... 80 85 |
"'"' 'uxcnm r T '»-'Ci.
Alaska ritri . 1023/ iNatVlnOo — 7**
tier Lead Co. 10J _ I- > L -ean!cSSob 22 2f»
UawC&MCa. 18 16V4i^ac Aax A 2 3 •
llutchai'v.o 25 3 4 26%|PacBoraxC!o. 17 -
ilelLlAwu. 9j - j,.^f, P«lntOo 614 6%
fAI.E3-ItuKM.SU bKSHIOX.
Koanl —
26 Giant Powder Con.. . 32 00
25 do do '.■.*.".". SI .1714
25 Hawaiian Commercial 16 12%
1:5 -• V Water "* ............ 99 no '
*30008 v i% 80nd5. .'."."■"."".*..".. 101 12%
f4OUOSF<tNP Railway Bonds ...... 101 76
Hrw
-60 Hawaiian Commercial. 16 12%
BALKS— AFTERNOON bfcSJIIO.V.
Board — '■■■•■'..■ \
-25 Hatcblnson P Co. ....- 26 00
15 Mutual Klectrlc Light" "."''..... »00
100 m F Uus & Electric Co 96 00
15 SF Gaslight I „-.. 2 37%
60 Hntchlnson 8 P Co. . 25 87%
6 Pacific Gas Imp '.'.'...'.'..'. 82 0U
MOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HoTEfc.
A Chambry, Grass Val U lumbers, Canada
J Pwart, College City R Hearst & son. Col City
1) Batnes, Brooklyn L Cireeu, letaluma
Miss F.vans. Geneva \V M l^wlor San Rafael
W A Setchell, Berkeley O Wlsscmaan, Sacto
.1 A Macan, Maine Mrs Harper, Colusa
Miss Lacy. < oiu-*i» Mrs Damion. St Paul
J Mackenzie, -Virced O Klntn-y, Los Angeles
A Brown, Kernviiie X CunninKhani, Chicago
II BnrtOO, Richmoud O N Johiisoii, N V
Mrs John>on. H V M Ist Johnson, N V
MUs l.nii|.lill:i, I al C -Nob B «fe w. 11l
Miss If .Noble, 111 Misn Huzel .Noble, 111
E l.owry. Irt-sno J >teirns, Kansas City
Mrs P Oat eg. .\ V Mrs > aiew, N V
.Miss Oaies. N V P Ai.pUh.ld, Cleveland
X Day. Sa Inas .Mrs basieM. Chlrai;o
" Hennessr, Oakland W rislirr, Caiistoga
F Kiifwini; Jfc w, oakdle WMu.cti. Honolulu
Mrs 110-tiung, Minn C \\ h.-eler, .N V
II si Wheeler, N V Miss H Murfey, X V
F Mpeli-. GrariK!?ville D B .Noneu, Los Ang
< ol I W B oo>M,l J omona C M Seeley, Tucoma
!> W f,Hi;er. loronto J M Hamfil, St Paul
J J Uebbrcn Ji w. ial M iss 1" M James, N V
W a >mkh. Ma Cruz G Graham, 91 V
A Kohn, Portlaui 0 M Obeney, Wash
T 1> Mauson, saao Miss Tobin, Vallejo
J (> Biadley, Merced Miss C ToMn, Vall.jo
R B Mil.ci, N V G Attenon, Honolulu
1 J Ktooks, X V Mrs 1' Burn-, Honolulu
F W Carpenter, N* V J Klliott, Honolulu
IS M >peu<:er, Sta Kosa Mrs M.^ Jewell, Cai
W W Thatcher. Hoplnd J i raig. Highland
W J llild.eili. Uklah H D Lawsen, oroville
Mrs G Mauley. Chicago W .- Milter. Willows
Miss l. U ai\-y, hicago D\V llu 1. Chicago
.1 M liavis. > Incago C C btone, Stockton
J s Alk-n, Cuicagu
PALACE HOTEL.
II R Goodman, Napa W >cott. Montreal
Mrs Goodman, Napa .. . . A J Bow*, .s V
Mrs C C Wallace, Cal Sirs tiarvey, Providence
B Cirubam, Los ngeies Miss Garvey. Provldeuce
♦) P Po,«y. Denver R Young & wf, M V
W Bay X V , Miss i; Young, N" V
L I'M uto Colusa . G F Firkins & wf. X J
>« .Mi Farl. nd. tanford Ji Wet more. Melbourne
C C Cia.k. >.' V Mrs W.ta.ore.Melbourne
Mi-» Burns, Kalamazoo J Annan A wt. London
A F Clarke, NY H C X yes, stoclcton
FC Howe, Bosion Mr.tUilmer, Philadelphia
J N Muraock. > V O I. Ullmer. Philadelphia
ilrs (. 11 Ho.den, X V Mrs ti- Sunborn, Wain
\V To huait, Uiiuloti II Hushes, London
1) -trtim: el, London . 'J li UicV:i», ;-an Jose
.1 W Butler &.w, CbicaßO Miss X Thompson, Ind
J Brockiiian, Ariz D Harringer, M Louis
Mies Ml hompsoa, Ind H commpgin, N V
J Berdrn it xrt, Toledo L B Berdan, Toledo
Mrs >hlpp")\, l oledo ft X LefUngwill, > V
Miss 11 Dickinson, Ind T H Wilton, San Jose
J Kaui-enbfim- r. Ind Mr* <> i«ume, Los Gatos
F II Lmihl, Chicago A Mil , K-s\vlCH
i' 11 (iiillin, Wash. DC MM Robßlus, 11 C
N cbjpmuii. Red Bluff U<) Cook, B C :; . -
LICK HOUSE
G S Mrßiid. Sacto M S Porter, Stanford
\V CCarroi:, llHcerville W Hi.l, Petalum*
C X TlrlslH r. simr A crt W H liolmes. Cai
J W B<uJiam. >ioc^ion F Qerstley, Los Angeles
Mrs S X Oi'iv, Congress F A I.ee. *M»dera
Hprloa H i- i;.iT. Turlocic
M Black, I a'.u Alto «. B Katzensivin, Sacto
J Fanst * wf. Conn Miss r- Farist, Coun
Mrs J IS Windsor, conn X L Hargrove, Madera
(i L Allen, hiock^on D B Knight, Marysvtlle
" B Cl.anuleritwf.KlmlraDr L Lee. Modesto'
F P Johnson, tan i>lego M D Et.ton. Stockton
J Hurd.e, Sydney A Seymour, Melbourne
1 H Bond, Lakeport Mrs M 11 Manuel, Angels
Mri L Crosby. Angels 8 R Johnson, San Jose
w i;reen. PresUiu J W Ko» ell, Merced
Mr< 11 i Kirk, Sacto A (i Chambers, Alumeda
Miss X! k. A 1 ewliie, N V
J 11 Thomas, Seattle 8 X Macau. Chicago
1 A Qradjr, Chicago M iseman. Visalia
1! lit'uiuso, -N i C U Gardner, Cal
>• E Kiausse, wf <fe chn. Mrs Feet, Madrone
Mis, IV.L, Madrone
kUSS HOUSE.
0 W Carpenter, Los Ang A \V Carpenter, Los Ang
J Nichols. Dayton It F Deamnde. s Cruz
11 L Wilson, Reno F Moore, sac
Mrs Maher, E Berkeley Miss Maher, E Berkeley
H KMraad. Cat T Mullen, PtLobos
X Par*on<. sonora Q MrCloud, Stocic'.on
11 T Vuu.nan »Nev a X smith, snasta
r- M Uarncs, Reno X Armstronir, Victoria
KLa Forrest, Oakdale X M Uruey, Fresno
C I) Cret:son, I'rosser X Coonty, Paso Kobles
F B Wallace, Chicago ' 0 s (iou.ci. Imusdale
J M Allen, san .lost- D Bel, Los Angr-les
I" \\ lvatody, Vacavllle A II Coy, ilolllster
X A WiUick, Ilolllsicr Dr II M»ihewson«fcw, Cal
1 Ralphs, Ophir \V Io«s, Santa Rosa
W Evans, l;eno J E Sipe, Fort Jones '
J Andrews, Cal Mrs Samuels, jlos Angls
Miss X Wells, Los Angls O A Buvmon, Los Angls
>'• H smith Jr. Minn U G Murrar, Santa hosa
F Mv(iettigan, Vail. Jo W B Hawkins, Acer
il L Hutch, >traffora J W Butler, Marsh field
Baldwin hotkl.
J B McLadder, Los Ang J F Smith, Los Angeles
G X Smith. New York R J North m. L Angeles
J M Curiden, Vallcjo J T Smith, Auburn
J C Lynch, Los Angeles A Mcliean, uaklaud
J F\V liitmine, Dcmlng Q E Ovenon, DS.\
M V Whitaker, Los Ang J S Crooks, Uaywards
D W Williams, Chicago J McKay. Au-traHn
A Carter, .\ustialia B B B. \V. Smith. Australia BB
Jll .stricken, •' •• p a McAllister, " "
COrer, •• " WOlngleton, " ••
J I. \\'ii!!ace, ■ " c Kemy ♦• ••
F Layer. " <• It Emers, " "
II s lrwin, •• ■« X X Wlstman, " "
.%;n,p '-oirj.ria. Ixrndon Ji s l<avnps, Sydney
R W Lemore, St Helena X O McPike, St Helena
B \\ v nil <t wf, s»cto o A Hale, San Jose
Z 'i Fi*ld, San Jose F D Cobb. stoogtou
J F Fultun, Sacramento HW slotis, New YorK
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL.
J G Cmmer. \v>st Point A O Nelson, West Point
A P.an<lo ph <fe w. Contra J B Hul!, lilen Ellen
Costa A W YouupAw. Aiuador
J Hnrey, Stockton C Parker, stcic* ton
A Anderson, l.odi A Asbeuk, Antloih
J Kayion, N V F Dempsey, Seattle
T Jones. Honolulu A Pugh. l:yron Hot Spj»
Mi*s HCeorgan, Norway Slisi X JarphHl. Norway
M:si L .lurphal, .Norway O Knuilson, Norway
Mrs J Hinkell, N Mcx FII Orosshell. rail Lake
t' W Jones. Cal J Lawler, Cul
Mrs C In- ksnii.l us- iatoa X Klrkman, Merced
F Lord, Santa Clara J Clabbiu. Santa Ciara
Miss v Held (.hicago Miss J & Drew, Chicago
rl T Yates, Brooklyn
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
HDunervan.BiKiimbers Miss Munyon. Mich
P Thoma, Han Mateo X W Auplft>n, Boston,
R Cunning h m. Mexico M McDonald. Pescadero
T li Cam pbtll. L" s X C G Smith, Auckland
Mr * Mrs Lewis. N T H 0 Conley. Auckland
.1 J Wieland. Bosion J I Holloren. N«>br
T O'Brien. Chicago A Johnso n, N Zealand
Mrs.lMast-rsoii,->taßa* RJ McCormlck, Ohio
Misll Walk.stuliurbara V J Newman, Oroville
X B \aii, Chicago Mist J Higan, Brooklyn
II .Munyon <fe w, Mich MrsM Hogan, Brooklyn
Mrs Munyun, Mich
Fourteen balloonists were either killed
or badly injured during 1896. Two of
these unfortunates were women and both
were killed.
OUAA si EAliJilW.
Date* of Departurn from San FraneUco.
STKAMKR
nil IMIIIQB I
RUM
Newport.... )
Cor'ina |
Kto Janeiro. •
Poiui.liu.... I
L inßiliia .. . i
liuiuboldt.. !
Czarina
Kiirckn..... ;
Columbia... ;
Art i
Homer •
Santa Kosa. ■
ABiuticimrO
1-aralion .. !
City Puebla
loos Bar-..
Biateoium. |
I Panama
I ■-111 l l»i«-i:o.
China * JaDao
| li UlllliOl<ll |
' Vie & Pet snd I
Humboidißay
i \joo.i ii*v.:....
Newport
i I'uritauU .;....
«-«x« iJar..... |
Coos Bay .....
San Diego |
Dreeou ports..
| V aquiu» iter. I
j Vie A Sna
i Newport.:....
IForuaaa ......
Apr 10.12 Ml
Apr iO.IIAMi
Apr 10. lin
I Apr 10. :ru
Apr 11. '.am
Apr 11, :p«
Apr 18. 12« |
Apr it, w*y I
Apr ' hum
Apr 13.10 am
Apr 13.10 am
I Apr 14. li AM
A p.- 14. DPM
Apr 14. 9am
I Apr 16. Bam
! Pier 1 L
PMS S
i...- 9
Pier 9
i Pier a
I Pier 8
I HIM 1 1
Pier 34
l'l«rll .
Pier 13
Pier 11
Pier 13
Pier I
Pier i
Pi»r 11
PIK 2 k
>TKA3H-.K» TO ARRIVE.
"TKAIfKK |
r'KOM
I-K
i luriua..
Humboldt
Pomona—
Columbia :
Kareka. ....
Gaelic.
North Font- ... .
Mlueola
FaraUon |
( ,'innit I
Area to I
Homer ,
Queen
Ancf Btam.tiur.l >
City Paebla.... I
crescent city...
Wellington... .
City of Para... i
loos Bay
Australia
Orizaba I
Elate ot cm j
Dei Nona ;
Corona .
ariure way
llumrioldt Bar.
Humboldt Bay
I'orUana.
Newport. '....
China and Japan
HUQIDOItU ifci»
T acorn a .*
I Yaqaina -Bar
Coos i lay
koo* Hay
Coos Bay
| Victoria & Puset Bound
| I'ortlanJ
I San ' Diego.
Crescent City
Departure Bar
: Panama.
I .M»wnort
I Honolulu
i Mexico :
Portland.
(•rays Haroor.
,M» Diesrn ■ .V- '
..Apr 9
..Apr 9
..Apr 9
Apr 10
..Apr 10
..Apr 10
Apr 10
..Apr 10
Apr 11
..Apr 11
..Apr 11
Apr 11
..Apr M
..Apr 12
..Apr 12
..Apr 12
..Apr 11
..Apr 13
Apr 14
Apr 14
..Apr 14
.Apr 15
..Anr Id
Apr 16
BUB, MOON AND TII>Ji.
tTjcrnro ptatks coast and Gbodftio Bu*vnr
tlmks and heights of hloh axd low
Waters at loht Point. Entsaxob to
tAN Francisco Bat. Published bt Offi-
CIAI. AUTHORITY" OV THK BUPKEINTKSDKST.
Note— The high and low v.-aier» occur nt tna
City Front (Ml ssior.-stres: Wharf) about twenty
live minuiej Ia:«r than at Kurt 1'olul; vua neighs
of tide Is th» sain* at both places.
April -1897.
Knd.r.. April a
."nn rlsea 6.41|M00n rises
Bun sets ti.4l Mooa sets. O.5f>AM
1 H W I
Il^l\ Feet 11211 Feet
I. W H W
Tftne
10 4.51 8.8 11.39 0.3
i L W H \V
11 0.10 2.8 6.03 S.B
2' 1.15 2. ft .7.05 3.8
3 2.10 1.8 8.05 4.0
41 2.58 1.1 0.02 4 2
.5 3.42 0.4 10.00 4.0
7.14 3.8
L. \»
J2.59 04
1.33 0.5
V!. 24 0.7
HO6! 1.0
S.4B| 1.2
H \V
7.53
8. '2 7
8.57
9.28
10.00
4.2
4.6
47
I S.U
| 6.3
Note— ln the aoova ezpotllloa of tha tides the
•ar!y mornlae tides are clren In tha left hand
column, and the successive tides of the da/ In tha
order of occurrence aa to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the laat or right
hand column Rives the last tide of (he day, except
when there are but three tides, aa sometimes
•ccnrs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a inlnn* sign (— ) precedes me
height, aud then the nnniber given la subtractlv*
from th<» depth given hv tfie ch«r.«.
•MHII X TO M »Xl > I". i:.">-
A branch of the United (States Hydrographto
Office located In the Merobants' EzchaDra is
maintained in Ban Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and free or
expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
Office, where complete aeis o> charts and sailing
directions or the world are kept on hanic or com
parison and reference, and tbe latest Information
eau always be obtained regarding lights, dangers
to navigation and all matters of Interest to ocean
commerce.
The time ball on top o' the building on Tele
graph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and Is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian, by
telegraphic signal received each day from the
United States Naval Observatory ai Mare Island
Cal.
A notice stating whether tbe time ball was
dropped on time, or giving tbe error, if any, is
published the same day oy the afternoon papers,
and by me morning papers t i.e following •:»»•.
W. tl lie cites.
Lieutenant V. 8. N., In charge.
The Time Kali.
Branch H ydroorafhic Office, U. S. N. ")
Mkkchants' Exchanok V
Sas Fhancisco. April 8. 1897. )
The time ball on Telegraph Hi:, was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— i. c.. at noon of the l-'o:a
meridian, or exactly at 8 p. m., Oreenwirh time.
W. S. liUGBES,
Lleutenan" IT. ti N.. in charge.
SHIPPING IMTKJLL.IOKNCIS.
Arrived.
THURSDAY. April 8.
Stmr Cleon»>, Strand, 33 nours lrom Cres
cen; I'lty: lumber, to D T G Per im.
Stmr Whltesboro, Johnsor.. 1-1 hours from
8l Oil wood; iuiiiLer. to L X White Lumber Ca
Nmr Point Arena. Johnson. 15 bours from
A h u:i, Ms; pass aaJ mdse, to Mendoclno Lum
ber Co.
simr Corona, Je son. el boars from saa Diego:
pass and mclse, to Good all, Perkins & Co. '
Simr Gipsy, l.eluni. Ml bonrs irom Mo-s Land
ii;.-. etc: produce, 10 Uoodall. Perkins & Co.
stmr Newsboy. Fosen. IS* boars from Usal;
2tiO Mft lumber, to Usiit He,lwoo<l to. ■
Rt strar Monowai, Carey, 2* days Sydney, via
Honolulu 6 days ana 14 nours; pass and nidse, to
J1) Sprockets <£. Bros Co. ■■ • .. ■.-, ■■ •
Sirur lJonlta, N lino. son. 90 hours from San
Diego and way ports; produce to Goodall, Perkins
& Co.
Stmr Willamette, Holmes, 19 hours from
»-.ii t <• : 2750 ions coat, to Oregon imp Co.
iitctn Retriever, Bol;an, 10 days trom Port Had
lock, via Claliam Bay 14 days; lumber, to W J
Adams.
&chr Fred E Sander, Carlson, 19 days from
Honolulu; 11,610 bags sugar, to Williams, Dlmond
&. Co.
j £chr Bessie K. Lutt, 4 days 5 hours from Co
qullle River: mdse, to J 8 Kimball.
Bchr .Nettie low. Low. 6 Hours from Poia:
Kejes: 50 ax* butter, to J H Newbnuer Co.
Cleared.
THURSDAY. April 8.
>tmr Tlllamoolc, Hanson, Portland; North
PaciHc S S Co. ?} -. :- ;•• ■
scnr Ida gchnauer, Nielsen, Redfish Bay; Bar
anoff Packing Co.
Sailed.
THURSDAY. April 8.
Btmr Greenwood, Fasrerlund.
srmr Tlllamook. Hansen. Portland.
Btmr Yaquina. llinlcle. Port Harford.
Stair Point Arena, Johnson, Mentlocina.
ftmr Coos Bay, Hall. SSan I'earo
Btmr State of California, Green. Astoria.
stmr Navarro, Johnson, L'sal.
Coqutlle Klver. Paton. Conutlle River.
Stmr Noyo, lievinson. tor: Bra;?,
bcbr Corinthian, Zaddart, Biblers Po nt.
Kchr Daisy Rowe, uisen.
Sclir Ocean Spray, Kteinborn. Fort Rosa.
Kchr Eliza Miller. Dannervl£. Tncoma.
bcur ilethu Ne.son, Rice, Seattle.
Telegraphic
roi.vT Loßiii April 8-10 p. x.— Weather
clear: wind NW; velocity 6 .uue*.
Charters.
The brig W G lrwin loads lnase for Honolulu.
Miscellaneous.
LONDON, April 7— Br bark Dnnflon. hence Oct
2>i, groun le I w.ipii en.erlug J-ji-.ii and whs aonar
ciiti • undamaged. H»d heavy w.aiher off Cape
Horn and lost sails and gear and smashed wheel
and skylights.
Domestic Porti.
GREENWOOD— Arrived Aprß-Btmr Excelsior,
hence Apr 7.
TACOMA— Sailed Apr 7— Schr Dora Blnhm, for
Sa:i Francisco.
ABTORIA— SaiIed Apr B— Stmrs Columbia and
Allen Riancbard. for >a:i Francisco.
BOW ENS LANDINO-Arrlved Apr 8-Schr
Monterey, hence April.
SEATTLE— Arrived Apr B— Baric Wllna, hence
War 26.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Apr 7— Schr C 8 Holmas,
for I'ort Blakeley.
PORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed Apr 8-Nor stmr
Peter lebst-n, for NHnalmo
KUHKK A— sailed Apr B— S'.mr Humholdt, for
San Francisco: stmr Protection, for oan Fran
cisco.
ALBlON— Sailed Apr 8-Stmr Scotia, for San
Francis o.
SAN DlEUO— Arrived Apr 8-C 3 atmr Thefs.
Sailed Apr S—V 6 stmr liiiiadeipu.a,- for Hono
lulu.
Foreign Port*.
HAMBURG— SaiIed Apr 6-Br ship Norma, for
Port l.os Angeles.
DUNKlßK— Arrived Apr 7— Br bark Cbeims
fo d from Orezon.
QUEKNSTOWN— SaiIed Apr 6— Br ship Waver
tree, for Hall.
Arrived Apr 7— Br ship Bermuda, hence Nov 27.
YoKOHAM A— Arrived Apr b— Bark Guardian,
from I'ort Blake-ley.
CAPE TOWN— Arrived Apr 7— Br ship Largo
Law, hence Jan 1.
HONGKONG— SaiIed Aor 6-Br stmr Chitta
gonir. for Oregon.
Sailed Apr 7— Br ship Locn
Ln he, for San Francisco.
UU.vijESKsS- Passed Apr 7— Ger ship H F
Glade, from Bremen for Honolulu Apr s— Br ship
Chelmsford. from Oregon for Dunkirk.
UERALDON — ArrtveJ i'ea Ji— Hal bark Laz
zaro, irorn l'liee: Sound.
YDNEY — Arrived Mar 14 — Schr Robert
senrif». trom Puicet sound.
HONOLULU— Arrive. i Mar 25— Bktn Sksgit, fm
Port Townsend. V!6-Bark Matilda, from fort
Townsend; Br stmr Warrlmoo, horn Sydnoi.
VB— Ship Luzon, from Shanghai. 29— Sulp George
Curtis, from Nagasaki: brig Morning Star, trom
Kuk. 30— Mmr Australia, hence Mar 23. Apr 1—
Br stmr Jionowai. irom Sydney.
sai lfd Mar 26 -Shi p. E B button, for Delaware
Breakwater. '27— Kr nru r Warrlmoo, for Victoria.
.'■() - I'-kt i! Kliki at. for I'or-. Townsend: schr Alo
ha, for Sau Francisco: btri Amy Turner, for
Honitkon*. 31— schr Prosper, for Port Towasena
Apr I— Sbia Benj F Packard, for New Yor*. Mar
25— Bktn SG W.ld-r, for Francisco.
To sail Apr -- l'.uri Man ha I'avlt, for San
Francisco. 3— Br bark Koutenbeck, for Lobos
deateuia.
NEWCASTLE. NSW— Salltd Feb IS— Nor bark
Fortuna, for Honolulu. SB— «oftr Wm Bowtjen,
io[ Honolulu. 36— Br^liip Falls of Halladale, lor
San Francisco. Mar 3— Bktn Newsboy and schr
Oceania Vance, tor Honolulu. 4-Bark Topgal
lant, for san Francisco. 6— Ship Reaper, for
Honolulu. 9— Br bktn Knsenada, for Honolulu;
Br ship Trafalgar, fo Sau Francisco. 10— Br bark
BUlrlioy c and Nlc bane Dominion, for san Fran
cisco. Apr B— Rar< Nonantum. for Panama: Br
■hip Barfi.lan, for San Francisco.
In port at Newcastle. NSW. Mar 15-Hr ship
I'.airilian. for San Krauc.sci- : Br bark Darra for
San Diego: Nor bark Dopiaerla. lo MazatUn; ship
Louisiana, bark He. en D-miiiv, bKtn Ken and >clir
LouH. tor Honolulu; Br ships Fantiy Kerr, La
moroa und Miltonburn, tor san Francisco; tier
sb p Kebrewieder, for San Diego.
Chartered to load at Newcastle. NSW— Br ships
Aaaurus, ittkanockburi), Coaib.r-uere, i>«igoa»r (
Hospodar, Loch Torridoa, Pondeon, Kontenburn, '
Thistle, ship Lou Walsu, Haw ship John Kirn,
Nor ship HiawHtba, Bbm sup i'"nma, harks Alex
McNeil. Harvester. .McNea .Sic baric Hu:;daleer,
HriijirKs hiitisli Prince-s. Invecsuld, luveriiPM
suire, LindlMy, all for »an Francisco: 'Br ship An
dicta. tor Oregon; Dark « lias U Kenny, t'kln C C
Funk, baric Coioritiu. Haw hark Muuna Ala •tut
schr .Novelty, for Honolulu: Hr ship City of Delhi,
for Shu Diego: ship I illla X btarbuck. for San
Franc sco or Hoaoiulu.
MAHLKOXa- Arr.vr.l Mar -21 — Schr Allena A,
from Kahuial: schr Anna, hence Mar S.
bulled Mar au— Dchr Allen A. for San Francisco.
Mar :-iO — i- A:ui:., tor Sin Francisco.
11I1.O— Arrlv-il .Mar 15— Brslltp OSenlsta, hence
Mar •_■. 17— Bark Annie Johnson, hence Mar 4.
KAHULI 1 — Arrived ftlnr 17 -cur Helen N
Kimbal, hence Mar 8, and sailed Mar 24 lor San
Francisco. 22— Brig Lurllue, hence Mar 11.
Importations.
SANTA CRUZ— Per Gipsv— sl) cs cheese, 1000
bbU lime, ii« bxs better. 1 cs eijgs.
Most Landing— 367 sks barley, 3 bis butter, 1
CSe<KJ.
Monterey— a cs cheese. 1b 11 saws. 2 bxs glass.
PORT HARFOBD-Per Eonlta-3J9 hogs.
Cayucos— S96 hot;-'.
San Hroeoh— lol' hogs.
Newport >outh-»47 sheep.
liumpoc— ll ales nu 5.3 bb 9 tallow, 61 bdls hides
and pelts. I*6 sks beans, 379 sks barley. 27 slcs
abaloue shells, 1 crt machine, 1 bdl castings, 364
ska ea in.
POINT ARENA— Pr Point Arona-1 keg 50
bxs butler, 31 dressed hags. 10 veal. 4 cs eggs. 1 cs
shoei. 1 coop ducts, • bx hardware, 14 bUls Hides,
4 pkes mdse, 1 bx chickens
Mendocino— 9o M »' lv.a oer.
Albion — 1611 r ties.
SAN DIKGO — Per corona— 4 Cs personal effects,
2 pkies baikeis, 1 cs sh> <•,, 6 ca condensed milk, 1
sewing-machine, l'J beeswax. 1 stick lumber,
*8J . \i lrmons, 561 bxs oranves, 1 cs eiec goods,
>i cs grape fruit, 36 bxs raisins. 1 bx sue ii, 167
bdls hides, 6 bdls cat: hides, 18 bbls tallow, 1 pc
granite.
Newport— l 37 bis oranges, 15 bxs lemons. 1 bdl
trees, sbO sheep. --■•':
Kedondo— s2s bis oranges. 1 keg wine, 6 boxes
ola type, 8 s*s abalone shells, Ib bxs lemons, 14
trunks. ) 8 sks peas, '£ sks potatoes. "J sks dressed
meat. 2 pk^s oouseoold goods. 1274 sks corn. > cs
clothing, 1 pony and cart, 1 cs dry goods, 8 bxs
granite
Port Los Angeles— l 96 bis oranges, 9 bxs type
writers. 3pkgs covers. 11 bxs 1 bale lap robes. 5
bxs tobacco tear, 3 cs drugs. 3 bxs lemons, 62 sks
peas, 1 bbl sugar, 1 sit potatoes.
Santa Barbara— l Dale rattan, 1 bale woolens, 3
bxs clothing, b'i bxs lemons. 2 horses. 1 lot s rap
Iron, 6 sks b mes. 26 bbls 2 bxs old bottles. 3 bbls
olives. 2 trunks personal effect*, 2 ens cans, 43
sks rags, 20 bbls tallow, 43 bdls pells, 147 b.Us
hides, 2<i bxs oranges, 17 sks crawfish.
Port Harford -28 tubs 1 keg 121 bxs butter, 5 cs
hose. 14 oiciu'tie, 69 cs eggs, 1 pkg hardware. ltf
dressed calves 6 coops chekens, 4 coops poultry,
11 bxs fresh fish. 1 coop ducks, 18 sks mustard.
COQUILLK KIVEK— Per hessle K-44,036 ft
lumner, 1700 broom bandies, 93 tons coal, i pkgs
hides.
Consignor.
Per Bessie — Holme & Hart; Kron Tannins
Co; Simpson Lumber Co: J S Kimball.
Per Konlta— C X Whitney it Co: Ctias Tetzen:
South Ban Francisco Packing and Provision Co:
Western Meat Co; standard Oil Co: Roiu, Bum
A (o: C Carp vit Co: WBSumner& Co: Ann-
Ca.onie Co; Goodall. Perkins & Co; A P Hotaling
«fc Co; Jonas Xi lander & Co; J eroiomon & son.
Per G;piy— Standard Oil Co; Jonas Erlanger &.
Co: Lli resovlch & Co: Cal Bottling Co; A \V
Fink; Sherry, Avllia & Co: Dairymen's Union;
Dods*e, bwceney ik Co; H Cowell & Co: FBHaight;
Nathan, Dohmiann Co; Christy* Wise; Abrani
son, ileiinlbch <fe Co: Norton, Teller i£ Co: Hawley
Bros: Hiils Bros.
Per Poiur- Arena— Ross Hewlett; Dennison &
Wilson: Martin, Feusier&Oo: Dairymen's Union;
Cahn, Nlckelsburg «fe Co: Norton. Teller & Co; A
Curaan: F B Haielit: Do Bernardl* Co: Roberts
<tTatt; Dunham, Carrlgan & Co: a NewfieUl; A
Brady, J BoitK«noadi: Mendo Ino Lumi Co.
Per Corona — s F Brewing Co: Cahn, JS'ickeUburg
& CO; Sussman, Wormser & Co; J W'an^enhelm;
New Home Sewing Machine Co: California Pow
der Works; J Jl Cain «fc Co; Wolf <fe Son: George
II Starr A; Co. ; L sea en & Co: Wetmore Bros:
J Demartini & Co: Campodonlco <E Malcolm:
Gray A Barbleri; 11 O Greennood: J Ivancovlch &
Co; Nash & Boessenecker: Pacific Transtvr Co;
Oscar Boldeman; .-. V Novelty Plating WorJcs;
G Glnochioe «£ Co; Porter Bros; Nathan Joseph:
W B Summer A Co; Gould & Jaudin;D X Allison;
Kveleth & Nash: S Glass; J G Johnson & son; Al
bert X Snyiler: American Press Association; Cam
poclouicoifc Malcolm Co; ri Tetzen it Co; AlcDin
ough * t.unyon; Newmark & Edwards: W 8
Scammell; A Levy <fc Co; Zentner & Co; B Frap
poll & Co; Pacific Sheet and M Co; L O Sreso
vich & Co; Ben J Schmidt; Kmmons « <t M ;
Calnornia , Fruit Company; L & M Alexan
der & Co; J J Wertnt-r; Snell & Heitche:
PriiPrvaline Co; 1 Guite::\'eronlca Mineral Water
Co; Blowers & Kineth; D Biagi & Co: G Unesti &
Co: Mina»er & Welbauks; Tillman <fe Bendei: W
F 'Mitchell; C Carpy & Co; P Greenberg & Co;
Swayne & Hoyf. L SpelgHl: Robert Stevenson:
Getz* Co; Harris Bros; Lewis Packing Co: PA
Me Donald; J J Boyce; Chas llarley & Co: M
Solomon & Co; Bisstnger & Co; O II <t N
Co; A Paladlol; P U Ush Co: Anil Union
Fish Co; Milan! it Co: J B Ingugiia;
Dairymen's Union; C k. Whitney & Co: Wiicaton,
Breon <fe Co; Hilmer, Bredhoff & -chulz: E X
Steven*; Hi Is Bros: F B llaight; Marshall & R
O Co; Plow Wonts; Dodge, Swteny dt. Co: Qe z
Bros 4 Co: Cal Bottling Co: M T Freitas; Kow
auky & to; W«-l»it)au, Peck & Co: Norton, Teiier
* « " i l . H Newbauer & Co: Kuss, Early <fc Co:
Witzel & Baser: Ua.l Bros & Co; APalll-s:H
ll»(!kmaa: Lubor Kzchange: H Klrchman .s Co;
Brigham, Hoppe & Co; Western Meat Co: We
Price * Co: O Jt Sml h & Co; J J Gomes: Pacific
Home Supply Association.
ocean TRAVEL.
PACIFIC COAST_STEABSBIP CO.
STKAMEKS LEAVE BROADWAY JfojA.
O wharf, Baa Francisco, as follows: -CsfjEzK
For i.orts in Alaska, April 1, 6. 11, 16, -1, l-'tt.
and every firth day thereafter, at 9 a. v.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C.). Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacorles and
New Wiianom (Kellituhaiu Bay, Wash.). 9 a. it
April 1,6, 11, 10, 21, 28 and every fifth day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P. R.
R., at Tacoma with N. r. R. R., at Seattle with U.
N. Hy., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For Kureka. Arcata and Fields Landin* (Hum-
boldt Bay), Str. Pomona 'I p. m., April 2, 6, 10. 14,
18. 22, 26. 30 and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucon,
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gaviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, san Pedro, East San
Pedro (Los Antreles) and Newport, at 9 a. it.
April 4. 8. 12, 16. 20. 24, 28, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Hanord
(San Luis Oblspo), t~uuta Barbara, Port Los An-
feies. Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
a.m. April 2, 6. 10, 14, 18, 22, 26, 30. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, San Jose del Cabo. Mazatlan, La
Paz and Uuaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
A. m. 25th of each month.
'l he Company reserves the right to change with-
out previous notice steamers, sailing dates and
hours of sailing. Ticket office — Palace Hotel, 4
New Montgomery street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen'l Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE O. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
POR.TL AIM ID
From Rpear-street Wharf, at 10 a. m.
IT A "pT?f»IS First-class > Including
- 1 - 1 -t\ J.t ±J \ $» Second-class /berth & meals
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Columbia March 24, April 3, 13. jj
State or California.. March 29, April 8, 18. 28
Through tickets and through ba^at-e tc a..
Eastern points. Rates and folders upon' apulioi-
tion to
, '-;; I". F. CONNOR. General Asjent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS <t CO.. &ui»^riuitrndea".>
PHnnaaafl s - Australia for
TtO|l|rn ° X° LU I. L only,
• ■"■«■■■'■ Tuesday, April 20, at
M "™ . 2 p. m. Special party
Ta./'^l "A rates.
isJwin^nin<J Tb.es. & monowai
CylCdlllJlllU^ sails via HONOLULU
■ tfrtlTlFfflPU^ and AUCKLAND for
VglllpQlCfcp SYDNEY. Thursday,
April 29, 2 p.m.
LInetoCOOLGARDIE, Aust.,and CAPETOWN.
South Africa.
J. D. SPRKCKELB& BROS. CO., Aeents.
114 Montgomery street.
Freight office, 827 Market street, san Francisco.
COfIPAGIIE GENERAL TE.USATL AI f l^lii
French Line to Havr9. i:£
COMPANY'S PIKR(NEW). 42 NORTH J**n
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by <Ri'J-Mf
this line avoid both transit by English railway an)
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat, New York to Alexandria. Egypt, via Parti
first class $160. second class *1 16.
LANORMANDIE April 17, 10a. St.
LA CHAM* AGNE April 24, 10 a. m.
LA GASCOGNE May 1. 10 a.m.
LATOURAINE.. ........Muy 8. 10 a. M.
LA KRETAUXE "i 1.:, 10 a. m.
MST For further particulars apply to
A. FORGET. Agent,
No. 3, Bowling; Green,- New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Agent* 5 Montgomery
•venue, San Francisco.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington SU
At ti P. 31. Daily. .Freight received tip
to .»:»» P. M.
JB3~ Accommodations Reserved by Telephone
•l i:h only lint* selling through tickets and giving j
through freight rates to ail points on Valley
Railroad. , ; •; » --■
STEAMERS:
T. C. Walker, J. D. Peters.
Mary Garratt, City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 803. Cai. IteT. acd Imp;. Ua
FOR U. S. SAVOYARD AID VALLEJO.
KTKAMEIt "3IO>rTICKLI.O."
Mod., Tues., Wed., Thuis. and 5at....:.........
..9:45 a. m. and 3:15 p. m. (9 p. m. ex. Thurs.)
Fridays 1 p.m.. 9p. x.
Sundays .....10:3<J a. m. and 8 *•. M.
Landing and offices. Mission Dock, Pier 2.
'':*.,- ■■:.'J;- Telepnone Green 381.
FOR S AS JOSE, IOS (JATOS & -SASTA CRUZ
CTtAJIER ALVISO LKAVK^ PIKU 1 DAILY
O (Sundays exempted) ai 10 a. it. Alviso daily
(Saturday excepttd) at 7: P. if. Freight ; and
Passenger. Fare between Han Francisco and
Aiviso, 50c; to San Jose, 75c, CUjr m flKi.
{ 8V W. baata CUr» att Su Jvm.
RAIXROAD TRAVEL:
S»«ITTISi:K?f PACIFIC eo.TiPA.XT.
{tAUITia svmi:m.i
Train* lri»»«- »»inl >"•«" <>«««• l« »rrlv« nl
/KAN FK4NCIMO.
I.EA^-E — ' From March 21. 1337. — ahimvi
•6:OOa Xili.s. San .Jos.- ami Way Stations... *:-4r> \
7:OOa Atlantic KxpnM, Ogilen and Kant.. K:!."ip
7:OOa r.onici v. Vacaville, Rmniey, Sacra-
mento, Oroville and Rfnlflhn via
Davi.-, «:43p
7:30 a Martir.cz, San Himo-.i.Vall-.'jo. Napa,
Calistoga and .Santa Rosa 6:13p
8::iOA Niles, San .hi.-ie. Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, Maiyavillo, Chico,
Tehama and lied IfluS l:i3p
•H:3O\ Peters and Milton *7:13p
OtUiiA New Orleans Kipraes, Raymond (for
Yoscmitc), Kretiio, Bakenltelil,
Santa i:.ulj:ir.i, I. us Anyfli::, Dem-
{•if, El Paso, New Orleans and
B ■■■'t I: I". »
0:00 a Martinez aud Stockton 4»48*
.9:OOa Vallcjo 6: 1 .5 p
....... Niles, San Jose, Lirermore and
Stockton 7:13p
•I:OOp Sacramento Kiv»r Steamers *Il:O0p
l:OOp Nilrs, San Jose ana l.ivcrmore B*4Sa
:30p Port Costa and Way Stations t7:43p
4:0Oi- Martinez, San Kamou, Vallejo
.„ ' Napa, Calistoga, Xl Vrrano and
Santa Rosa 9:13 a
4:OOp Benicia, VacaviUe, Woodland,
Kuishtd Landing, Marysville, Oro-
villo oud Sucraiuentu 11:13 a
4:3«t- Lathrop, Stockton, Modesto, Mer-
ced and- Fresno, going via Niles, ■
returning via Martini z 11:45 a
S:00p Los Angeles ' Express. Tracy,
Fresno, ilojavo (for Randsburg),
Sauta Barbara and Los Angel.-s. 7:4-1 a
StOOp Santa Be Uoute, Atlantic Express
for Mojavo and East 7:1.1 \
6:0 Op Kuropeau Mail, Ugdau and 11u5t.... «:45»,
6:00r IlLiyv.uiils, NiK-saiid San Jose 7:4.1\
J7:«Oi- Vallejo t7:4r> p
7:00p Oregon i:xpr>-»H, Sacramento, Marys-
ville. Redding, Portland, l'uget.
' m .Sound and Kant 11:1 a
_ SANTA < Xl / DIVISION (Narrow (»«URf;.
{7:45 a Saata Cruz Eictirsion, Santa Cruz
and Principal Way Stations 18:03 r
8:43 a Newark. Ceiitervillo,.San Jose.Felton,
Houlder Creek. Santa Cruz and Way
Stations 3i3or
*»:15p Newark, Centervillc, San Jose, New
Aliuaden, Felton, Boulder Creek, °
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations *II:»Oa
4:13p Newark. San Jose and l.os Oatna ... O:3O a
COAST IH VISION (Thinl .CTowiiM-nd Sts.) '"
7:O0a ban Jose and Way .Stations (New *
Almadeu Wednesdays only) l:30i
•:00a .San Jaw, Xcm Pinos, Santa Cruz,
Pacilic Grove, Paso Rubles, Saa
Luis Oblspo. Guadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way Stations 4:1»|.
IO:4Oa San Jose and Way Stations . 6:30p
11:3Ua Palo Alto and Way Stations 5:00*
•3:3Oi> San Mateo, .Meulo Park. San Jose,
<>ilroy, Tre3 Vinos, Santa Cruz,
Salinas, Monterey and PaciticUrove *IO:4O*
•3:: tOp San Joao and Way Stations 1>: I.la.
•4:3oi' San .lose and Way Stations *8:O3a
5:30r San Jose and Principal Way Stations "8:43 a
6:3orSau Joss and Way Stations 0:33 a
til: l'">i» Sau JoEtraiid Way Stations t?:4s*p
SAX LKAXUKO AMI HA¥Vi'AKI.'S M>I!AL. "
t*6:OOA "I ' ' ~ ? tTHvT
8:00 a (U:45 A
io.ooa Melrose, Seminary Park, J'ilisa
"•iiSUp Fitchbnrg, San Leandro \{:\^
«»,: and . .. ■ &%l
£SSf Haywards. .. ] *gr
7:<)Op f :l 5 p
9:OOp * Runs through to Nile*. io-"i«»p
ftll:lsPJ * From Niles. t tia.-'(MM.
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SAN FIUHCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
3S il£. Si; U:fl0 * 2:30 " :0 °-
From OAKLAND— of Broaiwiy.— «c : 00 8-00
10:O0a.m. tl2:00 »l:00 J2:00 *3:00 11-00
"5:00 p.m.
.o A. for Morning. P for Afternoon.
•Sundav-xcepted. t Saturdays only.
. . „ . _ I Sundays only.
— tt Moaflaj. Txic-«dai/ and Saturday night. onl»«. . •
! SMFRAKCISCO & NORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 13:5\_
8:30, 5:10, 6:30 p.m. Thursdays— tria
at 11 :30 p. m. Saturdays— £xtra trips at 1 i J
and 11:30 P. M.
SUNDAYS—^:UO, 0:30. 11:00 A. M.; I:3a 2:3*
6:00, 6:20 P. it
San Rafaol to San Francl>ro.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS. 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. >C.i
12:45, 3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra triot
at 1:55 P. M. and (i:35 p. m.
BUKDAYS— B:IO, WUUk 11:10 a. m.: 1:40, 3:tQL
- 6:00, 6:25 p. M. - ... . ■ , . ;.
Between San Francisco and Scbnetzea Par* sara«
schedule as above.
l^ave Tn p-p-. Arrive
Pan Francisco. o"t 14? * n F ran c '«»
Days. I days, " e » »»on. BAYS- | Da yj-
-7:80 am 8:00 am! Novato. 10:40 am. 8:40 am
B:3opm 9:3oam I'etaluma, , 6:10 pm i 10:25 am
6:10 1 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm' 6:23 PM
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor. 10:25 am
Healdsburg.
I ytton,
Geyserville,
8:30 pm 8:00 AM Cloverdale. 7:3» rW 8:23 pm
5 Pieta. " — '
| Hopland A
7:30 am! 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:35 pm 8:23
7:30 am --: 10:25 am
8:00 am Gaernevllle. 7:35 pm
8:30 PM 6:23 PM
7:30 am 8:00 AM Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Glen KUen. 6:10 pm 6:23 pm
7:30 am|8:00 am Keba. tODO , 110:40 am! 10:25 am
3 :30 1 5 :00 I °*P«top<H. [ 6;10 | ;2 2fm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Geyserville for Slcaggs Springs; M
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for Highland
Springs, Kelseyvllle, Soda Bay and lualceport; as
Hopland for Lakeport and Harriett Springs- at
tJkiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Sprint?*, Blao
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Porno Pottec
Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's, Buck.
cell's, Panhedrln Heights, Hullvilie, Boonevill&
Greenwood, Orr"s Hot Springs. Mendoclno city
Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal, vvuiets, cahto, Co«
Telo, Laytonville. Harris, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at red noes
rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets tA all points bs-
joiul San Rafael at half »t»
Ticket Offices, 650 Market st., Chronicle hnnaini
A.W.FOSTER,, K.X.RYAJC,
Vres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. AgeiH>
Santa Fe <s^^^^
Limited. J||l||f
On MONDAYS and #*sS*«s^*ank
THURSDAYS the first- ffc«&s^s£Zs33
Class Pullman sleeping-car Wl&iz3aL&&rf£t
leaviuc at 5 P. M. connects {Sc^|^^*,t,
at Barstow with th» Sunla {SUrVjH||^H
Fe limited tram carrying SJBm^^SSSOjBm
diiMng-car, buffet smokin»;- *l\&72ehJ*T£
cat and Pullman palace
dniwiuc-roora s!eeplnK-c«rs \2SCfc?V^Q jj 3f
for both Chicago and St. •—" -"Mfmi^^stJJp
Louis via Kansas City.
3?-2 J>ay» to Chicago or St. Louis.
4?« Days to \iw York.
SANTA FE EXPRESS
Leaves dally at 6P. m Pullman palace drawing-
room, also modern upholstered tourist sleeping-
cars, thr<<uchio Chicago via Kansas City. Annex
cars for Denver and bt. Louis.
Boston excursions via Kansas City, Chicago,
Montreal and the White Mountains leave every
Tuesday; St. Paul excursions every Sunday,
Ticket Office, 644 Market street, Uiron-
Icle building ielephona Main 1531.
KORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausalito Ferry).
From San Francisco, Commencing Sept. 13, 189 i
WEEKDAYS
For Mill Valley and San Ratael— »7:2s, »9:15
11-.UO A. M.: *1:45, 3:45, *5:15.*A:4i G:3O p.m
Extra trips for San Rafael on Monday Wedn-i-
-days and fcoturdays at 11:30 p. a.
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San I'afsel— -.00. •10-00
•11:30 a. M-: *l:30, 3:00, *4:30, 6:15 P. M.'
i Trains marked • run to San Viueatin.
'-':■ '. '.;■■ THROUGH TRAINS.
For Point Reyes and way stations— a. m.
Weekdays, 8:00 a. m. Sundays, 1:45 p. v. Satur-
days.
>or Cazadero and wav stations— 7 :2s a. il week.
oays; 1:45 P. K. Saturdays. * i
MOUNT TAjIALPAIS.
Trains connect with North Facias
Coast Kali road.
WEi-K l>AVes— wave S. F. n:l"> a. x. I*4'»p „
Returning— Arrive 9. r. 3:25 p m 6-20 p it'
SUNDAYS— Ba. M 11:80 a. I:3Up m
Beturning— Arrive S.F.I :16 km 4:20 p m. 7-35 p m!
Tickets for sale in Mill Valley or •
... ,'V H ,?-- COUK * " OX;? ' t>/l Market at., 8. F.
Mill \ alley and Mount Tauialpais Scenic Railway.
THE SII FRiffCISIO AI9 SAS 40AQUI3
VALLEY RAILWAY COIPAIY.
Fw^rn J n A U yV tV 31 ' 1897 '' PMSeneer *»"»
So ,%M b ° Q w <L Stations. NorthboonO.
7«0 a. m. 5t0ckt0n.. ........ 6:40 p «
S:4»A.M Merce,!.. . .'"lll'.au" f »
11:50 am...... Fresno ... l-io- 3"
W For Intermediate stations see timetable
Connecting steamboats of the C. N. * i ca>
. l«»ve Jtanciicg and Siscxtou at 6 je. v. daUr*IT MAY MEAN A
MUNICIPAL PLANT
Mayor Thomas' Message
Has Caused Citizens to
Think.
Victor Metcalf Says There Is
No Necessity for Any
Change.
President Diogee Declares That His
Plant Is F^r Sale Should the
City Want It.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
90S Broadway, April 8. )
President Din^ee of the Oakland "Water
Company made the startling announce
ment to-day that if the city wanted to buy
a plant bis company is ready to talk busi
ness.
The portion of Mayor Thomas' Inaugu
ral which referred to the existing war be
tween the water companies in this city
has caused much comment, as it is the
first time that the chief executive has
clearly advocated municipal ownership of
water works. Mayor Thomas said:
''The conditions prevailing iv this city
1 respect to our water supply are most
arious and unnatural. That it will con
tinue is contradicted by reason and ex
] erience. Two water companies strug
gling for supremacy are engaged in a rate
war which has brought about a reduction
to t;.e consumer unparalleled in our
State's history. Both of these corpora
tions claim to be suffering great losses in
money at prevailing rates. It is true that
these losses will ultimately find their way
into the bonded indebtedness of the com
pany, and the consumer will be compelled
to pay not only interest on the present
losses, but eventually on the principal as
well. It is a law that hostile moneyed in
terests invar. ably prefer to bury their
hatred and come together for joint profit
at the public s expense rattier ihan suffer
continued losses."
Victor H. Metcalf, attorney for the old
company, the Contra Costa corporation,
said to-Uay that he sees no necessity for
municipal ownership in Oakland at this
time. 'When a company conies into a
city," said Mr. Metcali. "and establishes
a plant for supplying what I believe are
called public utilities they should be well
treated, as an encouragement to others to
come and do likewise. I do not see why
any one can say at this time that Oakland
needs a municipal water plant. Judging
by what I hear and see, and by compari
son with other parts of the State, I think
Oakland is about as well supplied with
water at this time as any one could de
sire."
William J. Dingee, the president of the
Oakland Water Company, differs in his
views from Mr. Me teal f. He is not particu
larly anxious to discuss water matters for
publication, out when asked hia opinion
o.' Mayor Thomas' statement, he said:
•There is no aoubt whatever iv my
mind that there is a growing sentiment
in this country and especially in th-r State
of California in favor of municipal owner
ship of such things as water and gas
tf.arr.s. l regard Mayor Thomas' address
aU a yer y ae rious proposition, for it seems
ta carry modern ideas one point further
than any other Mayor we have had. Re
garding tvs remarks concerning the man
ner in which capital will ultimately pro
tect itself when brought to bay, I do not
care to say anything. But 1 do think that
municipal ownership is bound to be a fac
tor in future politics of all parties. All
over this State sentiment in its favor is
growing.
"If this city should decide to own a
water plant there is nodoubtthat she will
parebsae some plant already in existence,
for it is absurd to suppose that With the
adequate water supply in Oakland at this
time any government would advocate the
building of another plant. If this city
wants to buy and operate a water plant I
wan; to state clearly that we are out to
?eil and now is a good time for Oakland to
acquire a new plant at a low figure."
CONDEMN BROTHER POTTS.
Afro- Americans Object to Abuse of
the New Civil Klghta Bill.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, April 8. )
The Afro-American Lea.ue of Alameda
County had an interesting meeting last
ni^ht at which resolutions were passed
condemning the action of William Potts,
the colored man who went into a barber
shop and, because he was refus-d a shave,
brought an action under tne new law for
damages.
Several prominent colored folks from
this city were at Sacramento when th»
bill was under discussion. It was shown
that with the protection of the bill a col
ored man with corrupt motives could in
vade any establishment where it was cer
tain his presence would not be desired,
and that when requested to leave he would
be in a position to demand tribute for
doing bo.
I The colored lobbyists indignantly deny
»£at such would be the practice, and stated
that if any one attempted to take advan
tage of the bill in such a manner, they
would be the first to condemn it. William
Potts recently went into a barber »hop
kept by White and demanded a shave,
This notion on his part has proved ob
jectionaDle to the Afro-American Leaguts
of this county and last night the following
resolutions were unanimously passed:
Whereas, The daily papers of to-day, April
7, 1897, report an action being commenced
by one William Potts in Alameda County,
under the recent Dibble civil rights bill,
enacted by the last Leeislatnre, for being re
fused accommodation by some barber-shop in
the city of Oakland; and whereas, while we
believe that the civil rights of every citizen
should be respected, still we seriously con
demn the idea of any citizen Intruding upon
any business place for the sole purpose of
being refused in order to brln< a damage suit
under the provisions of said bill; therefore
be it
Resolved, That the executive committee of
the Afro- American League of Alameda County
condemn in the severest terms the suit com
menced by said William Potts, not only be
cau«e the action appears to be brought for the
avowed purpose of securing the damage*
provided in paid bill, but by reason of the bill
not taking effect and being in full force until
sixty days after its passage, which will not be
until some time in the month of May, 1897.
A. A. Collins, President.
J. F. Summers, Secretary,
EJAiro-American League of Alameda County
Little (hinge in the Recount.
' OAKLAND, Cal.; April B.— The Davie-
Thomas recount is progressing in Judge
Hall's court ana excites but little in
terest. Up to the present time, with
about one-half of the ballots counted,
Thomas appears to have lost eighteen
votes, but ther? are forty-three reserved
for a final decision, twenty-six of which it
is practically certain will go to Thomas.
Unless some unlooked-for incident hap
pens the recount will not affect the ulti
mo -'o result. .
Ask for a Nonsuit.
OAKLAND. Cal., April 8— The
The Rosy Freshness
/ And a velvety softness of the skin is invsv-
Iriably obtained by those who nse Pozzoin's
■Complexion Powder.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
damage suit of Frank E. Booth for
$50,000 for the killing of his two children
by an electric-car was on trial before
Judge Hall and a jury to-day. A large
portion of the time was taken up with the
defendants' attorneys arguing in support
of a motion for a nonsuit.
COMMITTED SUICIDE.
A Prisoner Kills Himself in Hla Cell
by Asphyxiation —No Known
Cause for the Deed.
ALAMEDA, Cal., April B.— Wleu the
cells in the City Prison were opened this
morning ii was found that a prisoner who
had given bis name as C. Johnson had
committed suicide during the night by
asphyxiation. Johnson, who said he was
a Swede, was arrested yesterday afternoon
on a charge of robbing a drunken man of
$10 at the High-street station of the nar
row-gaugo. He was seen in the act by a
neighbor, who notified the police, and the
arrest followed. Johnson said tie was a
tramp, and that he came from San Jose.
He was locked up in a eteel "tank" cell,
about 10 feet by 8 in size, ventilated only
by the wicket in the door and a small
opening in the roof. It is lighted by a
gas jet, the stopcock of which is outside
and cannot be reached by a prisoner. But
Johnson prepared deliberately for death.
He stuffed the wicket and the opening in
the rooi with his blanket, then blew out
the gas aud, lying down in bis bunk,
calmly waited for death. On a scrap ot
paper he leit a scrawl, "I OUgbt to have
known better." So closely did he stop up
all ventilation to the cell that the odor of
the escaping gas did not reach any one,
while as that part of the jail is not visited
at night by the officers the tact that the
light was not burning was not noticed.
He had been dead for hours when his
body was discovered.
NO RECEIVING HOSPITAL.
A Discovery That the Law Does Not
Permit the County to Maiut.iii
Such an Institution in
a City.
ALAMEDA, Cal., April 8. -For some
time past the matter of having the county
maintain a receiving hospital in this city
has been agitated, and it was believed
that the proposition, which is a very ne
cessary one, would be carried out. The
matter was referred to the District Attor
ney, and greatly to the disappointment of
the advocates of the proposition that of
ficial reports that he can find no warrant
in law for asking the couuty to pay for
the maintenance of a receiving hospital in
a city. The expense should be borne by
tne city itself. Besides depriving Alame
dii of the benefit of such an institution
his decision goes further and materially
affects the Oakland Hospital, whoso ex
pense up to this time has been borne
by the county. In ihe luture, if the Dis
trict Attorney's decision holds good, the
city will have to stand tue expense. Ala
me.a will be unable to establish and
maintain a hospital dur.ng this fiscal
year, as the tax levy has been made and
no provision was, of course, made for any
such emereency. Consequently the mat
ter will have to co over a year.
Death or J. L. Fast.
ALAMEDA, Cal., April B.— Judson L.
Fast, a well-known and very popular re.-i
--cteut of this city, died early Una morning
at his residence, 2203 San Antonio avenue.
His death was very unexpected, as he was
a man in the prime of life and, up to his
isr.a. nlness, in the best of health. He
had recently return d from a trip into
Ca.averas County, where he has some
mining interests, a:id while there caught
a sev re cold. Tnis developed into pneu
monia, which terminated fataJlv as re-
Jated. Mr. Fast was a native oi Ohio and
was 47 years of ace at the time of hit
deatii. He came here some three years
ago from Palißades, Nevada, where he
had been employed for years as paymas
ter on the Nevada Division of the Central
Pacific. His funeral will not be held until
after the arrival of his brother from the
East.
The Narrow-Gauge Hole.
ALAMEDA, Cal., April B.— The news
that the narrow-gaune mole is to be filled
in and made a solid earthwork instead of
the trestle-work which is now iv use is re
ceived with joy by Alamedans who have
to travel by that route. With a solid pier,
lighted by electricity, the accommoda
tions by that line will be the equal of any
in the State.
Notea.
R. B. Tappan, candidate for City Attorney,
who has Leeu very 111, nad a relapse yesterday
and as a consequence his iriends are very
much alarmed.
The newly discovered law governing fire de
partments in cities of the class to which Ala
meda belongs still continues to be the topic
of discussion among those interested in the
department.
• — ♦ »
Expectoration May Be Forbidden.
OAKLAND, Cal., April B.— The ordi
nance committee of the City Council has
decided to recommena lor passage the
measure prohioiting expectoration in pub
lic places. The ordinance requiring house
holders to separate garbage from ashes
and keep the same in different receptacles
for the convenience of the crematory
people has also been recommended.
Alameda County Alioer*' Association.
OAKLAND, Cal., April B.— The second
regular quarterly meeting of the Alameda !
County Miners' Association will be held
at the rooms of St. Andrew's Society, En
quirer building, on Friday at 8 p. m. As
busineas of importance will come before
this meeting it is absolutely necessary
that there should be a lull attendance.
A Restaurant Closed Up.
OAKLAND, Cal., April B.— The Pacific
restaurant was closed by the Sheriff this
morning. It has been run by two men
named Davis and Hayne and has always
appeared to bi a paying concern, and
there was considerable surprise expressed
when it became known that there were
two attachments instituted against it.
A Fire on Broadway.
OAKLAND, Cal., April B.— The resi
dence of Dr. Grover at 1607 Broadway was
partially destroyed by fire this evening.
■Ihero was no one in the house at tnetime
and the origin of the fire is unknown.
PRIMATE OF AUSTRALIA.
He Says There Are Lively Time* at the
Antlpodei in the Interest of
Federation.
The Most Reverend William Saumarez
Smitn, Bishop of New Booth Wales and
Lord Primate of Australia ani Tasmania,
arrived on the Monowal yesterday and is
at the Occidental. He is on his way to
England and will stop for a few days in
Chicago, Washington and New York. It
is his first visit to the United States. The
Bishop rules over fourteen dioces?s at the
Antipodes. He is a large man with a ruddy
face and kindly appearance.
"When I left Sydney," he said "they
wero electing dele K aies to draw up a con
stitution which was to be submitted to
the people lor a «reat federation. Ten
delegates were to be elected from each of
the colonies, and they were to meet on
Marcn 22 and draw up the constitution.
Afterward the people were to vote whether
they liked it or not. There was a great
deal of interest In it in New Soutn Wales.
I think federation is sure to come sooner
or later. However, I ilo not expect that
the country will sever itself from England
as an independent country."
The Bishop will only be here a few days.
Converse, Intl., has the moat stringent
curfew law. It forbids all persons under
17 years of age from being in the streets
alone after 7 o'clock in the evening during
the months from September to April, and
after 9 o'clock the rest of the year.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 9, 1597.
MERCHANTS BUY
THE FIRST BOAT
No More Oakland Trade for
San Francisco's Com
mission Dealers. *
Radical Change to Be Made
on the First of Next
Month.
Adams Wharf Will in Future Be the
Center of Fruit and Produce
Business of This City.
Oakland Office Saw Francibco Call,)
908 Broadway, April 8. j
The commission merchants of this city
have taken the fir?t step toward carrying
out the plan of moving to the water front
that was outlined in The Call several
weeks ago. The first steamer has been
purchased and will be ready for service by
the Ist of May.
This steamer is the Harding, a strrn
wbee! craft of 240 tons, drawing only two
feet of water. She was built on Puget
Sound about two years ago and cost f 17,-
BART MORGAN, a Prominent Republican Politician of Oakland
Who Died Yesterday.
000, but was purchased by local parties for
a little less than $10,000. She will be
owned and operated by a local company
in which the Eleventh-street commission
men will be stockholders. With this boat
every other day shipments of fruit, ber
ries, melons, potatoes, cabbages and all
other kind^ of produce will be made di
rect from the Sacramento River orchards
and ranches without going neai San Fran
cisco.
It has been decided that it will not do to
trust to one boat every pther day, and a
second boat will soon be bought so that
fre- h produce will be placed on Oakland
wharves every morning at the same hour
that it is now placed in San Francisco.
This will avoid all the handling of the
fruit and produce consumed in Oakland
by San Francisco whartineer-i, and also
the consequent reshipmeut and handling
in crossing the bay.
The steamer will land at the new Adams
wharves east of Alice-street bridge. The
wharf-owners have not taken any stock in
the steamers, but will invest about $20,000
in putting up buildings for offices. and
warehouses for the commission men, many
of whom will at once move to the water
front.
The removal of the commission-houses
and the purchase of steam- rs by Oakland
merchants is of great significance, for it
means that all t lie produce of the cities
on this side the bay, which has hituerto
pa-sei through the hands of the San
Francisco middlemen, must be deducted
from the volume of business transacted
on San Francisco's water front.
There are large canneries on this side
the bay and all the tons of fruit which
they use daily and which is not grown in
this county has been shipped here via San
Francisco. This will now cease and it is
calculated that by the new method all the
fruit and produce will pass through the
hands of seven people less than under the
old system.
New Knilroad Work.
OAKLAND, Cal., April B.— The South
ern Pacific Railroad Company has com
menced many important change? and im
provements in its West Oakland yards.
The Peralta-street station and sheds and
platform are being removed to a point sev
eral hundred yards east and eight hun
dred feet of additional coal-bunkers are to
be built.
Work has alio commenced on a large
electric automatic scale which will regis
ter the weights of loaded cars as they pass
over it.
This electric scale is a new device. It is
arranged a little below the trrade and on
such gradients that a car will ko down a
small incline, pass over the scale, register
its weight and run up again to grade on
the other eide.
Many other improvements are to be
made in the yards, on which it Ss stated
the company will spend at least $150,000
this summer.
A Deserted Mother's Tale.
OAKLAND, Cal., April B.— Mrs. Mazza
haa told the Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Children a pitiful story of de
pertion. Site is the mother of three chil
dren, and her husband, she says, is now
s] ceding across tne Continent with
another woman. He deserted her some
time ago, but recently be returned and
stealthily obtained possession of the three
little ones, and said that he was going to
-80-ion with 'them and another woman.
Mr^. Mazza is penniless and distracted be
cause her little ones have been taken from
her.
DEATH OF BART MORGAN.
For Nearly Half a Century He Had
Been in Business In This
State
OAKLAND, Cal., April B.— Bart Mor
gan, for many years Supervisor of this
county, who vacated his seat in 1894, died
Ifait morning. He had been gradually
sinking for a coupje of years, and finally
paralysis of The brain caused death.
For many years Mr. Morgan was a prom
inent iacior in Alumeda County politics.
His early life was passed in Lawrenceburg,
lnd., where he was born sixty-eight years
ago. His father was one of the early
setilers of tiiat territory, having gone
there in 1816. His faiher, John Morgan,
was a local preacher of the United Breth
ren sixty-three years and a Justice of
the Peace for many years. His son, Bart,
received bis e^rly education in a little log
sciioolhouse near his father's farm. In
1852 he married Miss Angeline Donnell of
Decaiur County, Ind., and aix months
later was a widower, his wife having died
of consumption.
In 1853 Mr. Morgan, anxious to leave
the scene which nad been made unpleas
ant to him on account of his young wife's
death, started for California by way oi
New York and Panama. After arriving
in Pan Francisco he decided at once to go
to Placerviile, and several years were spent
In mining in that region. In 1866 be
opened a drugstore in Georgetown, in the
mining region, and three years later he
sold out and came to ;Oakland. For some
years he served as a clerk in the assessor's
department in the Unite.l States Internal
Revenue Bureau in San Francisco. After
a few years he went to Georgetown for
another brief period, and in 1874 returned
to Oakland to live permanently.
In that year he opened a drugstore in
this city and remained in business at the
corner of Market and Seventh streets for
seventeen years. In 1871 he married
Catherine Armstrong, who died of con
sura rtion seven years later, leaving no
family.
In 1884 Mr. Morgan was nominated by
the Republicans for Supervisor. He
joined tlie party at its organization in
this State in 1855, and always took an act
ive part in Republican politics. Hisnomi
nation led to his election, and he suc
ceeded himself twice, finally going out of
office in 1894.
The deceased was a member of Uni
versity Lodge No. 144, I. O. O. F.,and will
be buried by his breihren.
WHAT SOCIETY IS DOING.
Winfied Jones Entertains With
a Mid-Lenten Musi
cal c.
Mrs. Alrord Gv s an Elaborate
Luncheon Ccmolimentary to
Mrs. WhitMi.w Reil.
One of the most delightful event! of the
Lenten season was undoubtedly the muslcale
given by Wlnfleld Jones on Friday last at his
homeonHjde street. The programme, con
sisting of vocal and instrumental selections,
was of a hieh order.
Mrs. McGavin's singing was much enjoyed.
There weie about twenty guests present.
On Tuesday, at her home, 2200 Broadway,
Mrs. William Alvord gave an elaborate lun
cheon complimentary to Mrs. Whitelaw Reid.
Mrs. Alvord had originally Intended to make
this enter tainment an EaEter event, but Mrs.
Rel d having decided to return to her Eastern
home on Saturday the luncheon was neces
sarily advanced to an earlier date.
The table decorations were in keeping with
the delicious menu and exquisite appoint
ments. Pink and green tones mingled har
moniously, for the center of the table was a
bed of maioon hair, in which glimmered
countless tiny pink lights. Covers were laid
for fifteen. Seated at table wore: Mrs. White
law Reid, Mrs. A. M. Easton, Mrs. Lloyd Tevis
Mr-. William H. Howard, Mrs. W. Mayo Mew
hall, Mrs. Lawrence Poole, Mrs. Charles Brig
ham, Mrs. J. W. Keeney, Mrs. Easton, Mrs.
Theodore Payne, Mrs. Charles M. Keeney, Mrs
E. W. Hopkins. Mrs. Russell J. Wilson, Mrs.
William Babcock and Mrs. Alvord.
Mr. and Mrs. Lloyd Tevls, accompanied by
their granddaughter, Miss Breckinridge, will
leave on Thursday, the 15th, for Boston, where
they will meet Lloyd Breckinriage and all to
gether proceed to Kentucky lor a thiee
months' visit.
Mrs. Char cs Bancroft has rented her City
home and gone to pass tha spring and summer
months with her mother at Santa Cruz.
Thomas Brown, Miss Brown and Miss Let a
Robinson will sail on the 20th for Honolulu.
The costliest crown is that worn by the
Tsar of Russia on ceremonial eocasions.
It is surmounted by a cross formed cf five
magnificent diamonds, resting upon an im
mense uncut polished ruby. The ruby
rests on eleven large diamonds, which in
turn rest on a mat of pearls. The coronet
of the Empress is said to contain the most
beautiiul collection of diamonds ever
massed together.
RIENZI EXPLAINS
HIS POSITION
Editor Hopper Also Has
Something to Say
About Him
Retractions and Apologies of
Berkeley Students for a
Faculty Roast.
R erz and Hopp.r Each Declare That
the Published Article Didn't Re
fer to the President.
BERKELEY, Cal., April B.— "Rien«i"
has made an explanation of bis recent ar
ticle attacking the university and its pres
ident, which created a wide sensation.
Editor Hopper has also declared nis posi
tion, as the publisher of Kienzi's remarks.
There is nothing in the new statements
tending to establish the identity of the
unknown writer, but his productions are
generally credited to L. M. Solomonß '93.
"Rienzi" declares that he did not mean
to attack President Kellogg, and ex
presses "earnest regrets" that the latter
was brought into the discussion. The
anonymous writer says regarding his sen
sational philippic of two weeks ago:
The article was not an "attack" on President
Ki-llogK or any one else, but on a system. The
article concerned the future welfare of the
university, and President Kellogg was the lnst
person in my mind when I wrote it. Sooner or
later the regents will be called upon to select
President Kellogg's successor, and my remarks
on the subject had to do with that time. That
tney might, could, would or should do any
thing to hasten that time was never for a mo
mem contemplated by me, nor do I wish that
sucn a subject snould" be even suggested. Since
it has come up, I wish to emphatically declare
that I would be amoug the first to oppose such
a procedure. The university has had far too
many presidential upheavals already.
My closing assertion itiat we must, act now
had reference solely to my suggestion as to
the chairmanship of depanmeuts. I believe
that such a change is imperative now in order
to pave the way for the selection, when the
time comes, of the kind of president the uni
versity needs for it 1 * future development. I
neither said nor implied that a cnauge in the
presidency was desirable at the present mo
ment. What 1 did imply, and now repeat, is
that the university, so long as its present or
ganization is maintained, judging by i's past
end its tendencies. Is not llteiy to get ttnd
keep the kind of president it need*. We have
had able presidents, but we have not Kept
them. We have also had presidents who were
not very able. Why it should have been sup
posed that 1 placed our present hmd in the
1.-i.-t any more than in the tirst 1 cannot see.
He has not occupied his present position so
long as to warrant our saying ti.at we have
"kept" him. The lact is 1 was nol thinking
of President Kel.ogg at all.
In closing, I wish to express to President
Kellogg my sincere regret that, unwittingly,
I should have precipitated a discussion which
must have been most unpleasant to him; and
to congratulate the university on the dignity
and good sense displayed by Us head in refus
ing to discuss the subject himself. Also, I
wish to condole with the many persons who
have been suspected of being Kienzi.
Editor Hopper declares that he is re
sponsible fur whatever appears in the Occi
dent, and denies that he ever disclaimed
responsibility. He announces that be will
continue to publish "all sincere, well
written expressions of opinion," regard
less of bow- much stir they create. As to
'•Rieuzi's" famous production, the student
editor says: "Personalities were not
touched. It is not at all derogatory to
President Faure of France to say that,
from the nature of French government,
he is weaker than President AlcKinley."
The new articles, with toe apologies to
President Kellozg, and denial of intent to
say or publish the bard things that were
said and published, is regarded as the end
of the incident.
HAMLET IN A NEW DRESS
Tiu Prince of Denmark as
Ambroise Thomas Saw
Him.
Albers Has Woa Success in Three
Countries as the Prince— His
Benefit To-Night.
Most good things in the dramatic and
musical line get to San Francisco sooner
or later. Ambroise Thomas' "Hamlet"
has been thirty years in reaching here,
but in compensation for this tardiness
when the opera receives its initial Cali
fornia production by the French opera
company to-night the title role will be
played by Henri Albers, who has won
fame as the Prince of Denmark in three of
the most critical of European countries —
France, Belgium and Holland.
Before Albers' time it was the fashion
to play the lyric Hamlet without much
regard for Shakespeare. The prince was
always clad in black velvet, heavily
trimmed with glittering bugles.
"This is all very well for a. troubador,
but it is not Shakespeare's Hamlet," said
Albers when he was about to make his
■lirsi appearance in the role at Antwerp.
He div not discard tradition hastily, how
ever. He studied Shakespeare's drama till
he learned it by heart, he saw, ana care
fully noted the acting of a number of
famous tragedians. Iv minor points,
when he doubted his own judgment, be
sought advice from Sir Henry Irving,
Ernest Passart ol Munich, and other
actors. The result of all this toil was a
lyric Hamlet, which is said to hold it>
own with the great Hamlets o! prose
drama.
When asked last night to give a synoD
sis of the plot.Albers said : "It was neces
sary to cut out a great deal of the dialogue
when 'Hnmlet' was made into an pera,
for if all Shakespeare's plays had beeu set
to music it would have taken from now
till to-morrow night in the performance.
I am curious to know what the San Fran
cisco public will think of the opera, in
France it is Ambroise Thomas' most pop*
ular work. The music is much grander
and more beautiful than that of 'Miguon'
or 'Songe dune Nuit d'etc' "
"Well, for operatic purposes the plot
cannot follow the drama exactly. The
opening scene of the opera i» the corona
lion of Hamlet's uncle. The effect of the
music is very charming in this scene, and
there is a march that Has become so pop
ular that in Denmark it baa been adopted
as the national Danish march.
"In the second act Hamlet sees the
specter, and there are some grand phrases
iv the music of this scene. The next scene
takes place in a garden of the palace
where Hamlet meets Ophelia and is about
to speak to her when he recalls his vow of
vengeance.
"The rest of the scene between them is
in pantomime, with the orchestra tran
scrioipg what is passing in their hearts in
beautiful music
"The famous soliloquy "Etre on ne pas
etre," is Riven in the fifth act, after Ham
let's scene with his mother. The chamber
seen* ends Hamlet's role. In the sixth
act Ophelia dies, but not as in the tflay,
for she tails into the water on the stage
and sinki beneath the flowers and rashes
singing to the end."
Shot In the Hip.
Albert Murdock, a boy 18 years of age, resM-
ing at 332 Thirtieth street, was on the San
Bruno road yesterday and had a revolver to
hiß pocket While changing it to another
pocket it. exploded and the buliet lodged in
his hip. He was taken to the City and County
Hospital.
M. £. PRANK'S DEBTS.
Sad Array of the Haberdasher's Finan
cial Obligations.
M. E. Frank, haberdasher at 238
Kearny street, has filed a voluntary pe
tition in insolvency. His debts are as
follows:
F. H. L<iwton & Co., $48 50; Upton Brothers,
$180; William Kunstler-d: Brother, $180 38;
Loweustein Brothers, $296 63; Bendix, Stern
& Bendix, $296 37; Lew:s Meversteln, $90;
Maorge (ireeuz.weig & C0. ,|514 88; Clueit,
Loon & Co., $1444 49; Porter & D.inieis,
$33 75; J. Nielsen, $12 50; Block & Georges,
$50; hwan, the painter, $1150; Dent, A(
crofi ico., $4125; Sach Krotners. $116 73;
Orion Knitting Works. $43 77; Eagle Sus
pender Company, $64 82; L'nite'l Shirt and
Collar Company. $34 10; Eureka Delivery
Company, $o; V. Zi.'llerba< h &. Sons, $10 88";
Star Summer Neckwear Company, $105 50;
Wesindonck-Luvenz Company, sl'JO; Mnrph.,
Grant & Co., $916 13; Cohri <& Co., $250 25;
B. B.umenthal & Co., $91 14; Lew, ttraus.- t \:
Co.. $1576 60; W. Cohn, Hirs<"h & Co.
$280 09; H. M. Ileineman. $455 45; ,\
Fleis<haker& Co., $10; FollnuT, Clopg &Co..
$150; El«eimtadt Brotnerj, $267; Edmund
Taylor, $34 55; S. Jekind & ( <> $8 07; Mtild
ner Neckwear Company, $372 50; Rmus
Waterhouse Company, $465 50; Leominster
Shirt Company, $653 95; Earl & Wilson, $48;
American Hosiery Company, $142 76; Brown,
Durrell <t Co., $125; B. Abraham, $65;
Jsaack Kohn. $400; Nathan Frank, $3000;
1. Tobrlner, $500. Total, $13,517 55.
Mr. Frank has no real estate. His
stock of merchandise at 238 Kearny street
is estimated to be worth $4626; fixtures,
$385; bills coi:eciibie, $1187 25. The bills
bave been assigned to Napitaly, Fried
enricb & Ackerman as security for their
fee of $250. Household furniture at 2032
Pine street is claimed to be exempt from
execution.
HAVE FOLDED THEIR TENTS
Last Day's Session of the Stat>
Sunday-Scbool Con
vention.
Import -nt Business Transacted and
Officers and Directors
E ret d.
The story of Jonah and the whale came
near disturbing a delightful calm that has
characterized the thirtieth annual con
vention of the State Sunday-school Asso
ciation. It all happened in an innocent
way, stirred the convention for a mo
ment, and then a single timely word
silenced the wranglers and the imper
turbabie cairn was restored.
Miss Helen Wright of the State Normal
School, San Jose, was responsible for the
interesting disturbance. In tier very ex
cellent paper, "Teaching the "Word," she
found occasion to say: "Teach the
prophets and tell the young people how
the prophecies are being fulfilled as the
years go by. Teach that the hand of God
is in every part of the good book. It is a
small matter, it seems to me, whether this
one or that one wrote the wholo of any
booK, or whether the story of Jonah is a
parable or the literal trut!i."
Miss Wright's address was warmly re
ceived, but the allusion to the story of
Jonah brought on even warmer discussion
of a doctrinal point.
Eventually discussion was silenced by a
brother who rose to a point of order and
declared tiiat the session was for consid
eration of methods of tea.hing, and not
for denominational wrangling.
Dr. Case came gallantly to the rescue of
Miss Wright, saying that her address was
the best he ever heard in a Sunday
school convention in his life, and he was
trying to invent some scheme together
down to the Howard-street Church.
Dr. T. H. Robinson of Centerville led
the devotional exercises at the morning
session.
E. P. Vining read an interesting paper,
"Knowing the Word. "
Rev. E. S. Chapman spoke on "Dome
the Word."
At the afternoon session Dr. W. W. Case
led the devotional exercises.
The reports of the nominating commit
tee and the resolution committee, respec
tively, were submitted.
The committee on resolutions recom
mended that a Suniay-closing movement
be made a political issue.
Voluntary contributions from the coun
try schools and individuals were received,
the whole amounting to $150.
The following officers were elected:
President, Frank H. Baft. San Jose; first
vice-president, Rev. H. N. Hoyt, Sacra
mento; second vice-president, Rev. M. M.
Gibson, San Francisco; third vice-presi
dent, Rev. F. D. Seward, Fresno; fourth
vice-president, L. J. Norton, Napa; secre
tary, Arthur B. Hemkin*, San Jose; asso
ciate secretary, Mrs. Eva B. Morrison, San
Jose; treasurer, C. B. Perkins, San Fran
cisco; secretary home class department,
Robert Stuart, Oakland; members ot the
executive committee of the class of 1900—
Rev. R. S. Cantine, San Jose; Rev. M. P.
Boynton. San Francisco; Rev. W. A.Gor
don, San Francisco; Rev. V. G. A. Tress
ler, San Jose.
The evening session was patriotic In
tone. Rev. F. R. Farrand led the praise
services, and papers were read by Rev. H.
N. Hoyt. Sacramento; Rev. W. W. Case,
ana M. P. Boynton, pastor of tha First
Baptist Cuurcb.
SERVICE ENJOINED.
The Bulletin and the Poat Claim the
Associated Press Has Violated
Its Contracts.
Th« Evening Post has applied to the
courts for a writ to have service of the As
seciated Press news to the Daily Report
enjoined on the ground that such service
is in violation of a contract existing be
tween the Post and Bulletin on the one
hand and the Associated Press on the
other. They hold class A contracts, which
they claim entitle the subscribers to a vote
in the association and which they say
were entered into with the understanding
that competitors should not be given the
service of the Associated Press without
the consent of the proprietors of the two
papers mentioned. The Report suo
scribed to the United Press until it went
out of existence, and yesterday on appli
cation to the board of directors ol toe As
sociated Press, now in session in New
York, was given the news service of that
organization through J. P. Dunning
Western manager.
Mr. Dunning stated last evening that he
bed acted under orders in giving the Ke
port tne service of the Associated Press,
and would continue to do so unless
stopped by the courts. No papers had
been served upon him, but he had been
unofficially notified that there would be
to-day.
"Giving the Report the Associated Press
service, he said, "is not, as I understand
it, in violation of existing contracts. It is
in accord mce with the by-laws of the as
sociation, and as such distinctly under
stood by both the Post and the Bulletin.''
Aluminum is now used instead of mag
nesium for "flash-light" photograpny.
The light is said to be equally actinic,
while the metal Keeps better ana barns
away more completely.
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
li&lld ' ■" • It OS '
■• ■ . ™ • . — ■.•"'■■
Auction Sales
CDAS. LEVY & CO.. AI'CTMSBRS.
Salesrooms— i 135 M-%<-k». jtreaS.
1 rlio UAY. '•
Friday April 9, 1537
-v- :*.■ f At 10 o'clock a. M., at Salesroom.
1135 MARKET ST.. bet. 7th aal Bth."
WE WILL SELL , '
The Superior Furniture, Rich Parlor
Uptiois cry, Carpets, Beiliiing, ■.
ltrtiiges. Stoves, etc.
Also: One walnut 24-foot Counter, with French
plate back bar. cost.s6UO; Case.*, shuffle-Board.
Chain, Barroom Tab e<, etc. Also, the stock of a
saloon, compris. n < ounter, Wines, Liquors and
Cigars. Also, stock of >< eiocen -store, comprising
Canned Goods, Spices, Haras Bacon, Scales, pic.
Cllan j.i-.VY < - i.. \ nctiotieflri. •
i REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Frank P. Krenz (guard lan of Katharine Krenz,
; Incompetent) an-i ... P. bey (by Frank J. Gray,
commts>ioner) to Patrick Hyde, loc on S line of
; do den Gateavenn*. 169:t> \V of Franklin street,
W .7:6 by sI'JU. $3256.
John Dunne to 1 aljh B. Klttreelge. sw corner of
50-vara lot. 5. Western Addition blocs 448, ana 50
--v .ialot 1. Western Audi ion blocs 44H, W 37:6,
9, X 37:6, > 13:4 (as recorded), quitclaim dtd;
i hoiuas J. Bridger to Alliance Building and Loan.
Association, lot on I lineof Castro street, 87:6S
oi Hill, s Xl *4 by h 80; $10.
Owen McKennitoThotuasati i Olivie A Hashes,
J lot on S line or Twenty-sixth street, 26i VV of
Church, W!!9l)vsli4: $10.
Alien J. and Josephine V. Yost to John and
j Mary Irvine, lot. on X line of York street, -.67 N of
Twentieth (Naoa), .N i 6 by t 100: $10.
I Marie Weiss to John J T. :-uoru;inn, lot on E
line of Tennessee street, 200 s of sierra, a 25 by X
100: •?:<'
Helena J. W. Stevens to Thorn Kashow, lot on
N line of Clement street, 29 X oJ Kizhtb avenue,
E V6b.- N 113: $10.
Louis Lipman and London and S»an Francisco
Bank (limited) toOlof A. Falk, lot on N 11. Ie of I
street, 57:6 k. of Tenth avenue, E by N 100:
*10.
Louis F. and Lena M. Duna d to Mrs. L. E. Hen
sler, lo 28, block 34. Sunnyside: $10
A. Boyer and 1 ate* -vl.-w and Sunny side Im
provement Company to same, same; 910.
John A. Una Jane C U. Clayton, nee Arms:roDg,
to James K. Iloss lots 42, 43, 44, 52 and 53, Ha
ley's M»i> .No. 1. FUbdivision Precita Valley, low
319 to 333: also, lots 231 aml249.Cobb Tract; *10.
Jnme-< K. Koss to John ai d C. 3d. Clayton,
sami-; $1".
Joseph Hemphlll, executor of the estate or Sarah
Alf>Xtt!:der, to Richard J. Wulshe. .ots 12 to 15
block 5, F»int iract Homey.fad; $3000.
AI.aM KDA COUNTY.
Jennie s. Merritt to Dora, wife of John Murray,
lot on s Hue of West Ihlr.eenth street, 17. :6 \V
of Willow, W U's by S ISS, being the X 12:6 of
lot 8 and W 12:8 of lot 9, blocK A, Oakland Point
Homestead Tract, Oakland: $10.
Henry A. He bard to Birney C. iabrique, lot on
N line of -un;iy Hope avenue. 172 \V o»' lieas&iit
Vfc.ley avenue, N 125 by \\ 40. being lot 9, block
C, 51ai> of Sunny Slope, Oakland ; $5.
William and Emily (J. Delanty to David Frelden
rlch, lot on SK corner of Gram and Union streets
E lUO by JS 100, being lots 56 to 68, b.oo» L, new
town of Lynn, Kasi imkiand, warranty deed: $10.
Andrew and Jane C. Jones to Jacoo \v inkier.
lot on s\V corner of Second street and El mhurst
avenu*. W 60 D-- s 150, being lot 1, block J. «» n
drew Jones' subdivision of Brooklyn Township.
Brooklyn Township: grant.
James A. and Virginia A. Wnymlre to Annie E.
Draper, lot on N line of Clement avenue, SO W of
Willow street, W 30 by H 130. block 16, lands ad
jacent to i.nclnal, Alameda: $10.
Katie B. Dorac to Frances E. Knowles. lot on W
lite of Myrtle street, I'2B S of Twenty-eighni, 8 25
by \\ 128:6, being lot 16, bock 664 Keen.- Tract,
subject to a mortgage for *700. Oakland; $10
Mara 1. Valeria to Vlucenzo and Ciuiseppe
Bodco, lot 22, block 2112, Alden Tract at Temea
cal. Oakland Township. $450.
li O. and I. A. Child to Charles A. Walter lot
1. block 7, map of Fitchburg Homestead lots,
BrooKlyn Township, subject to a mortgage for
*1000: 810.
F. B. aud Auna Granger to Perry and Kmma
Sund rland. lut beginning at a point on S sidu of
Smith street, from whi?h the NE corner of Alva
rado School lot bears IJW 2^o f«?t distant, thenc«
NE 50, Sii 100, BW SU, :s 100 to beginning, Al
varado, Washington Township; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Marie Bloch with Henry P. Conrady. all work
for a three-story bulldlne on X line of Devlsadero
street, 25 N of Fell: $6650: no architect.
TJHE
WEEK.LV
CJiLL
cJ It Publishes the Cream of the
*3 News of the Week and
o< MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
cJ ORIGINAL FEATURES.
C* IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
cJ PAPER ON THE
~J PACIFIC COAST
3 \ /
~J The Best \ / Mining
°S Telegraphic -\/ News That
©s Service on /\ Is Accurate
c< The Coast / \& up to data
c^ Not a Line of it Sensational
j©< . or Faky,and Not a Line of
; J it Dry or Uninteresting.
\O\ Bright, Clean, A Champ'on of
_l Thoughtful. Truth.
3 A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
~J , ALL THE TIME.
;3 IT ADVOCATES SENT BY
i HOME MAIL, $1.50
CX INDUSTRIES A YEAR.
| )5 THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL
STRONG «
THE ANAPHRODISIC,
From PROF. DR. RICORD of Paris is tb.B
only remedy for restoring strength under
guarantee, and will bring back your lost
powers and stop forever the dangerous
i drains on your system. . They act quickly,
! create a healthy digestion, pure, rich
| blood, firm muscles, rugged strength,
steady nerves ana clear brain. Imported
direct from 'Paris. Price per box, direc-
tions inclosed, $2.50. For sale by all re-
spectable druggists. Mail orders from any
person shall receive. prompt attention..
For sale by Dr. V. Condory, 460 Qaincy
Building, Chicago. T
OR. WONG WOO,
Chines*) Drug, Tea and Herb Sanitarium,
776 Clay, Bet. Kearny and Uupont.
I have lons been a suffer-
er from troubles of the J «e=«*.
| stomach, liver and kid- ; I2W
ueys. The medicines of EISSPjSft
the different doctors who ir"*""**«fi9r
treated me only aggravated &'- ■ 1
the disease. In eight weeks K9J V
Dr. Wong Woo, the Chi- '-rl ~ ff
nese doctor, succeeded In LV"^ *■■ r ;■ "
bringing about' a perfect ' -iJsiL. ■
cure, and I am now In (he Jfam&Z(2ii**.
(•<•«[ of health. I recom- -yy^^Ega^^r- '
rnt-ndoii him to my country-^'*^9WBwf«3l lluH
men, the Italians. 'Wf'Wr^-
18)1 Mission St. '■" ¥ '""' >%
Hours -9:30 toll a. m., 1:30 to 3, 7to9T. K.
V^^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
«Oa!%, E * B ' 3r ™' Established:
Hni ffl ln IHS4 for the treatment of Private
sJa .LJftkSKI Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary, '
IfiLTiKEABXTOT. Established
m in I«P4 for the treatment of Private
IS DiseHnes, Lost Manhood. Debility or
«HBgHHP| disease wearing on bodyand mind and '
■ Skin Diseases. Thedoctoreureswhen,
ggHBiBH others fall. Try him. Charges low.
t^wifffßMa < »"«•■ c»arnnlffd. Cnliorwrite.
Dr. J. V. UIBBOM. JBox 1907. 5 an Francisco*
NOTARY PUBLIC.
riEARLES H. PHILLIPS; ATTORNKT-AT.
\j Law and Notary Public, 638 Market at., oppo
■It* Palace Hotel. Telephone 570. Residence l&it
I VmX KnM. i ei«pnoa* - no* - 2691.
1112
FRATERNAL DEPARTMENT.
California Council of the National Union
tine* "a Smoker" to Entertain
Members and Friend*.
Stanford Hall in the Alcazar, which Is tfte
meeting-place of C»Hfornia Council No. 530 of
the National Union, was converted into a
"Btuokehouse" last Wednesday night on the
occasion of "a smoker" given to members and
friends— one of the events given t very now
and theu by this progressive council to relieve
the monotony of routine business
The hall was crowded, and those who were
present were entertained with an excellent
programme got up under the supervision of T
J. Harris, H. L. Tickner. J. R. McCuffick and C.
11. Van Orden, the committee on entemin
xnent There was a short address of welcome
liy Secretary Charles J. Kin-, master of cere
monies, after \vi ich C K. M'Mse °f Berkeley
sang "Rosy O'tirady" and then gave
comic recitations which convulsed the
audience witn laughter. J. N. Bunt
ing, special deputy and secretary
of the cabinet, gave figures to explain the
workings of the order, which showed that the
praded assessment p'.nn up>n which It works
Is tho only sale one, which, he asserted, is b -
ing adopted by ouier beneficiary organ.za
tions thai have discarded the level assessment
plan. L. 8. Carter and Mr. \\a>li favored will
selections on the mandolin nnd guitar, guitar
and coacertin», guitar and xylophone and a
dnot on the "kBZ^o." E. C. Boysen sang h
so o, after wblcta Treasurer H. L. Tickner told
of the progress of ihe council, which numbers
254 members, nnd «xprc- sed the hope that it
may soon reach the 300 mark. James E.
Field, president of the cabinet, called general
attention to the special features of the order,
and to the members up in San Francisco par
ticularly, which the rosier shows embraces
people in ail c asses of life from li c ■vice-presi
dent of the Southern Pacific dowu lo the
man who drires a team lor a living. He ex
plained that the ord-jr stanea a council in
Chicago with thirty-six members and in a few
years a number of council* were organized
with an atnrreijnte membership of 11,000 in
that city. He then almued to the Jaet that
the orderhas not collected for years more tlmn
ten Bs>e-smen!s a year, ami that since the or
ganization <>f tne"ord</r In this State it has
pnid out to benrficiaries of deceased members
&71.000. He alj-o stated that the order will
not take risks in territories in which epidem
ics are prevalent. L. H. Carter, assisted by
B>n Bloomquist and Ira J. Hall, gave illus
trations oi hypnotism, many of which were
the equal of those presented by Kennedy.
Mr. Hosier sang several comic songs, ai;d
tben K. C. Boysen, C. H. Van Orden, 0. F.
Ker and Kd Lotz the "Kouncil Kuartete"
gave charming vocal selections, miH in con
clusion (.'i aplain H. A. Gruves and Treasurer
Ttciiner told amu«ins stories.
During the evening four ccndldates were ob
lieated and twenty-tliife upplications were
presented for admission into what theinvUa
tion to i the smoker 'letlared to be "Cnlifornia
Council, the only peach '.n the orchard."
Independent Order of Foretteri.
Court Seal Rock gave an informal reception
to Court Southern Heights on Monday Even
ing, the sth inst., at wh eh the Oiental team
from Court Southern Heights conferred the
Oriental dtgree on a number oi candidates
from vimous courts in the City. After the
impressive ceremonies had been concluded
musical selections were rendered by visiting
brothers, and refreshments were served.
High Vice-Chief Ranger Charles S. Peery of
this City has Deen holding public meetings
and delivering addresses in the in tere9ts of
the order since the meeting: of the High C"urt,
having visited Court Stan ford at Palo Alt' ;
Court Gllroy, Gilrov; Court Asameda, Aia
meda; Court Oakland. Oakland; Court Corona,
PcUaluma, aod various courts in San Fran
cisco.
Very enthusiastic meetings were held at
Palo Alto and Gilrov, and large^ccessions to
the membership resuted irom both meetings.
The hiu'h vice chief ranger reports the r;eneral
condition oi the order to be flourishing, and
notwithstanding the faci that fraternnl orders
generally have many obsiacie* to overcome
uy re.nsoii of business depression, the lnde
p-nd-nt Order of Foresters hits added over
i<X>o members to it- roll since the meeting 01
the High Court in October last.
The N»ti»riHl Union.
Pacific Counc 1 No. 547, National Union, at
Its last m^Btiug held, in Harmony Hall, Red
lien's building, initiated one candidate. At
that meeting a vote of thank* was tendered to
the Indies who volunteered their services as
rocalists at the entertainment recently ijiveu
by the council.
Yosemite Council No. 39 met in Unity Hall,
Aic»zar building, last Monday ni_'hi an<i re
ceived three applications. K. D. Sou'her was
elected financial secretary, vice F. W. Cooke,
resigned.
Inter No* Clrcl.-, C. O. F.
Lnst Wednesday night Inter Nog Circle No.
215, Companions of the Forest (F. of A.), at Its
meeting in the Alcnzar initiated one candi
date, End in the evening Miss Mac Jennings,
Bub-chief companion, was, by Sol Peiser, G. R.
8.. on behaif of tbe circle, presented a hand
some pin in recognition of her activity in se
curing members and her general interest In
the welfare of the order. After the clo>.e of
the circle there was an impromptu programme
and dancing until xnidri^ht.
Sacramento Parlor, N. S. G. W.
Sacramento Parlor No. 3, N. S. G. W., will
at the nrxt session of the Grand Parlor
presen' the name of Theodore G. Eiier-* as a
candidate for the office of grand secretary, he
having been unanimously indorsed by the
parlors of Sacramento County for that office.
This Is the first name that hi* been publicly
announced in opposition to Henry Lunsiedt,
the incumbent.
Berkeley Lodg», K. and 1., of 11.
Berkeley Lodge No. 1941. Knights and
ladies of Honor, will give a social In Ameri
can Hall, East Berkeley, on the evening of
Tuesday, the 19th li st.
Preparing for tho Picnic.
The Caledonian Club will hold Us annual
j>icsiic and games at Shell Mound Park on the
last Saiurdhy In May. A bis: barbecue will be
one of the events of the diy. All the pipers
on the coast have promised to be present and
the day will be a red letter one in the annals
of the society. The proceeds will go to tie
Burns monument furd.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALU"
BCfITNERS OFFICE of the San Francisco Cai,i-
-710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
Blg-t In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
889 Hayi-s street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
616 Larkin gireni : open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteen. h and Mission streets; open
until 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth streft; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1606 I'o.k str«et: open until 9:30 o'clock.
NW. coroer Twen; v-s«con_ and Kentucky
•ti»«-t«: open till 9 «'cn,ck.
NOTICE OF meetings,
rss* California comm ry -+ _
■F- 1^ No. 1, K. T., Masonic Temple. Post ft
and Montgomery Ms.— Kegular . ssenbly 101
THIS (FRIDAY) KVKMNG at 7:30 *W
Olclock. ORDER OF THE RED CROSS. T'"
All fraters are courteously invited.
sir MaR 1 IN JONFS Km. Commander.
Sir Hiram T. leaves, Recorder.
K3* YERBA BUKNA CHAP- ,', _ L, .
_r-^ ter No. 1. Kni«htn Rose .Oj 1
Croix— Meeting THIS (FRIDAY) Ft~^
EVENING, Apiira,BtB*o'clock.D.l>j. l>|
- ;■-, OEO. J. HOBE, secretary. (
ANNUAL MEKTING - NOTICE IS
m**? hereby given that the tenth annual meeting
of the stockholders of ti.e lialian-.-w is Mutual
Loan Association w :l be held at the office of the
Corporation, .No. 618 Montgomery St., corner "f
Commercial, on WrDSKSDAV, April 14, 1H97
at 7:.0 lock p. M, for the mirpose of electing
directors lor the ensuing year, presentation of the
tenth annual report and the transaction of such
other business as may conn- before the meeting.
Books are now open lor subicriplion to 1000
shares of stock of the eleventh series. Loans
made In San Fianclsco and Mum da counties
only. Interest, 6 per cent per annum free of mort-
gage taxes. Premium, -0 per cent gross, or 50
cents per share installment* at pleasurb of bur-
rower, which amounts to $12 60 per month for
each $1000 net cash received oy in» borrower,
this sum paying both principal and interest,
loan!) may be repaid at any time d 'sired. Order
of the board of Directors. A. KBUJKO, sec
SPECIAL NOTICES.
WTZg' THEY teELL. ALL KINDS OF DRY
m~& goods, hosiery, underwear. bedspreads,
town, table covers, laces, embroidery, linings.
trimming*, vellinzs. etc., very cheap at Pioneer
Dry-goods store, 105 Fifth st- ■ -, .
9P&* BAD TKNANTS EJECTED FOR «4:
WF& ro'.let.tions made: city • or. country. Pacific
Collection Co.. 415 Ifo-hqr •■'.. room 6: tel. 65U0.
SITUATIONS WASTED-FEMALE.
IIIIRBT-CLASS GERMAN LAUNDRESS DE-
X res a situation: also 2 neat Scandinavian girls
for bousewonc with be«t of references desire situa-
tions. Apply :to J F. ChOSETT <t CO., . 316
butter st.
WOMAN WISHES WORK BY-TH*: DAY;
TT housework. .* 1579 Fifteenth, near Mission. .
SITUATIONS 'WANTED-Cotitfnneii.
■U7IDOW OF REFINEMENT WISHES POSI-
TT lion as seamstress or housekeeper In small
family or would care for house during owner's ab-
sence; terms reasonable: itood references given.
Call or address 25 Ninth st , room 6.
GOOD, STRONG WOMAN. |FIR>T-CLASS
cook or housework: b-s: reference*; city or
country Aildr si <<mati Union, 7 Van Ness
aye.; wages $15 to $21); will work by the day. -
SITUATION WANTED BY A cOMPKTr.NT
0 girl jus from the i-ast: is a !:o-.id cook and
bou»eworjc. Please call llilO Baker sl, bet. Bush
and Pine.
T7"XPKRIENCED AND PRACTIO.'L YOUNG
X_ lady desires a 00-I1 ion as typewriter and ste-
nographer; ctty or country. Rooms 3 and 4. 309
Sutler st.
/COMPETENT WOMAN WISHES SITUATION
\J to do chuir.ber or kitchen work, or cooking:
wou.d sl<ep borne. Address A. C, Call Branch
Office, 39 Hayes st.
■\|TA>TISI>— POSITION BY TWO YOUNG
' '» ladies as chambermaids in country hotel.
1144 1-olsom »L
OWr; ■•!.■* 11 WOMAN WISHES HOUSEWORK
O by the day or pint washing at home. Address
A. S., box 118, Call Office.
TKUNO YOUNU WOMAN WOULD LIKE A
> pianola a urn ly; wa.es (10. Address B. N.,
box 118. Call office.
YOUNG GIRL WISHES SITUATION IN
X luht housework or upstairs worn. l'leuae call
a. 163 Tebama st., dowiisl.t.rs.
yOUNO SCANDINAVIAN GIKL. PLAIN
X cook - desires position m boarding-house or
good private family. 3*SH Fremont st.
REFINED ACCOMPLISHED YOUNG
French widow desires a place as housekeeper
or companion, Room '-'. 1-2 Post st.
pOMPETENT W MAN WANTS HOUS •
V j worn ; good cook and laundress. Call or ad-
dress 3480 .-eveii.eenth St.. near Guerrero
KESPI.CTABLE YOUNG WOMAN WISH
XX housework or ch-rnberwork several hours a
day: $1 60 a week: sieep home. S. A., box 72, Cull.
SCANDINAVIAN GIRL WISHES POSITION
O an second girl; wages $-0 per month. 3100 V.
Lag Liv a .
ft ERMAN WOMAN WISHES SITUATION
vJ as experienced cook in city or country: good
references. Call 4U6y 3 Gough sU - -
OMPKTKNT NLR-E WOULi» LIKE SlTU-
tlon: take entire charge of children; best Of
references. 428 Clementina st.
MIDDLE-AGED LADY DESIRES POSITION
a» houkt'.cei-i <-r to widower or bachelor. 1138
Howard st., room 5.
VKAT MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN WILL DO
-A light housework In exchange for go. d home.
Address A. N., dox 11;*. this office.
\UANT ADS AND SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
»T The Cam. are taken at Branch Office, bouih-
west corner sixteenth and Mission sis.
A TTRACriVE YOUNG LADY, STKANGER,
-»" V sires to secure a housekeeper's place in hotel,
bach^U > r widower's home; city or country.
Rooms _ and 3, 2-3 Post SL .
\ r UDKO LADY (PARISIAN) DESIRES A
X housekeeper's ;!ace; good disposition: prefers
lodelng-house, widower's or bacheloiV home; ci:y
orcoun.ry. Rooms 10 ani 11, 122 Post sU
AN EASTERN WIDOW WOULD LIKE Po-
sition as working housekeeper in widower
home; no ob]ec.ii>n to country town. Address
MRS. J. E. R., »741 Tweuty-hixih st.
I V ELDERIY LADY AS HOUSEKEEPER IN
mi widower's family or for buchelor: best refer-
ences: city or country. M. A., 1&53 Fifth St..
Oakland. <
f?IC LAKKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
\JIO. CALL. Subscriptions and want ads taken,
RELIABLE WOMAN WANT> HOUSEWORK:
JV fond of children: best of references. 3b >ouih
Park, near Third st.
SCANDINAVIAN W A NTS POSITION
O to do light housework in small family; simple
work. .4 Howard st.
MIDDLK-AGED GERMAN LADY DE-li'.KS
situation as cook; city or country. Address
156 Minna st.
LADY WISHES SITUATION: WILL TAKE
care or invalid or do chamber work, keep
I." :•-•:. children: can do good common Ameri-
can cookinc: would cor)k for a few boarders; will
feel interested In the work and do the best 1 can.
MRS. M. A.. 1125 McAllister st.
youxc Parisian lady in reduced
X circumstauces drsires a lurratlve position as
housekeeper in hotel, wi-ov.-ei's or bachelor's
home: will do pi lin sewing. 1122 Mantel, rm. 31.
/•I C LAi. KIN — BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
«-»■!«-» CaLL. subscriptions and want ads taken.
GERMAN GIRL WISHES SITUATION IN
VI p. Ival<- Jewish family; would do good cooking
an , iteht housework. Culi 438 Ivy aye., near oc-
tavia st.
EXPKRIENCKD HOU-iEKE! PElt WOULD
XJ li.c a. position in w Idower'sor ba< helor's house-
hold: country preferred. Apply 88 Ninth su,
room 17; call after 11 a. m.
IDDLE-AGKD DRESSMAKER. CUTTER
and fitter wants position as *eanistr ss in ho-
tel or loJging-house: husjuud room and boar-:
$15 or $20. 1165 Mission st.
pOMPKTENT LADY WISHES SITUATION
\J as housekeeper for parties while gone to the
country, call -636 1 . Sutie." st.
/-"I - LARKIN — BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
Ulu CALL. Subscriptions and want ads taken.
pOMPKTENT GERMAN WOMAN WANTS
\J situation for general h usewor_ and sewing;
speaks French. 431 Pine st.
SITUATION WANTED BY 2 YOUNG GIRLS
jus: from Germany for houseworic Please call
927 Va Filbert St.; no postals please.
"POSITION WANTED IN LODGING-HOUSE
X as housekeeper. Address P. W.. box, 111, Call.
SCANDINAVIAN GIRL WISHKS POSITION
Oas second girl. Please call 310l)i/ 3 Laguna st.
A OU NO EASTERN LADY OF EXPERIENCE
X wants a permanent position as housekeeper In
lodging-bouse or widower's home. Room a, 995
Market st. :
SW COR. SIXTEENTH ST!i NEAR MIS
slon: branch office of Tilt Ull - bub—
tcripiions and want ads taken. ■
■\roUNO GKKMAN LADY DESIRES POSI-
X lion as huu ekt-eper. Call 120 a Kddy, room 7.
PREPOSSESSING LADY OF >XPE-
X rience desires a place as typewriter. Apply
room 5, 850 Market St., first tioor.
GERMAN (ii :L WISHES SITUATION AS
VJ chambermaid; city or country. . Call or ad-
dress A. D., 114 Fourth si., room 31.
"VTEAT GERMAN GIRL WANTS SITUATION:
XI good cook and laundress: country preferred.
Address N. W., box 101 Call office.
(*] X LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THK
\>XO CALL. Subscriptions and want ads taken.
VOl'N LADY, FORMERLY IN <;O D CIR-
X cumstauces, desires to secure a place as house-
keeper In hotel, bachelor's or widower's home;
will do plain sen-Ing. Room 11, '-23 Post s .
POSITION WANTKD IN DOCTOR'S OFFICE,
X by nurse with some experience. Address M.
M., 2JI Polk st. ■ . .
'EAT GERMAN GIRL WISHKS POSITION
i-^i as maid or nurse, 10 go hast or I- a rope, In ex-
cnange tor fare. Addiesi Nurse, box 59, CalL
O~O| ;. MISSION — hfBSCRU-noXS AND
_-«J_-U want ads taken for THE CALL.
ATTRACTIVE YOUNG LADY OF AMIA-
A ble disposition desires a position as typewriter
or (opylst. 1-0 Geary at., room 2, first fl or. -
~STX> UNG GERMAN WIDOW WISHES PLACE
1 as housekeeper in widower or bachelor s house-
bo.d. Room 1, 106 Fourth st.
SU U l l'T IO AND V\ AM ADS FOR THE
O Call taken at brancu uUUcsj, 'Mi bayui »l;
open until V :'A> o'clock.
OMAN TO WORK BY THE DAY; $1 AND
carfare. Address W. W.,box 135, Call.
W INCHESTKR HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR,
•T Market: -00 rooms vsc .0 SI 60 per night; -
$1 60 to $tfper week: convenient and respectable;
tree bus and bacgaire to and from tee lerry.
!• 1 C LARKIN-BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
"I" «'A I.L: 'Urmrrlntitins an want ad: tiiken.
SITUATIONS WANTED MALE.
CHINESE & JAI'AN*bE; KsT'D 2O^lfKAits7
help:tel.main 1997. BRADLE V .t Cj.. 6*o aay
VI AN AND WIFE DESIRE A SITUATION
'"In the country; man good gardener,* etc. ;
woman is good cook and -housekeeper. Apply
ÜBS. Da Da MI, 313 Butter st.;, lei. red 2713. ;
AM KEE— CHINESE AND JaPKNKSK EM-
ployment office. 511 y 2 Bush st., nr. Grant aye.
UNI EX & CO.. CHINESE AND JAPANESE
employment office, removed to 614Va Califor-
nia St., near Kearuy. , 'i <-l. main 231.
TAPANKStC ].\li-.L_l()b.\tf; AGENCY. R.
O■. 90. St. Ann's bl'j;, 6 Eddy st.: tel aln 5234. M
pUINESK AND JAPaNESK EMPLOYMENT
\J olnce: best help. 411 y~ O'FarrelL 'l«i. K. 426..
VOI'.NG MAN (SPANISH) DESIRES TO .-E-
-: X cure a good home in exchange for bis services:
isnotafiaid of work; good references: object lo
learn l-.ni.iish. . Address M., box 86, Call Office.
PAINTER, GRAINEH, . PAPER-HANGKR
X and whttener, with tools, want* work b<r duy
ore ntract: or country. Address- WHITE,
box 130. Call Office.
JAPANESE WANTS SITUATION AS PLAIN
O cook, housework and waiter; has best refer-
ences, H. FRANK, 931 Sacramento it.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, FRIDAY, APRIL 9, 1897.
FTTITATIONS. WANTED-Cnntlnn**.
"\rOUNG MAN, 22, D_tSX-tKti POSITION IN
X grocery store to learn: can speak some Ger-
man: will make himself usefu:. Address- Y. D.,
box 120. CalL
QTROXG YOUNG MAN OF 20, WHO SPKAKS
O German, wishes woik of any kind: any pace.
J. S! HWARZ. 810 Mission &t., near Fourth, San
Francisco. . 1
MAN (SCOTCH) OF 18 YEARS' EXl'Eßl-
ence la grocer I.'1 .' business; good canvasser,
ticket-writer and window-dresser; moderate pay.
Scot, box 11, Call Office, Oa_l«_d
JAPANESE, ': FIRST-CLASS COOK. WANT-*
*J situation for blgfamllvln the city or country.
Address K. X.. box 121, Call.
ANTED — POSITION BY ASSISTANT
" druggist, German, 5 years' 'experience; or
work of &ny kind. J. S.. Port Costa, Cai.
SITUATION WANTED BY A COMPETENT
0 i-reuch cook In restaurant, private family or
camping party. Address L C, box 74, Call.
1); LIABLE. STEADY MAN WANTS SITUA-
IX tion aiound private place: city or country: or
take care of horses and cuws and to make himself
generally useful; i- a fair gardener and is handy
with tool*. K. V., box 162, Call office.
/'OMPETENT .MAN WiSHItS SITUATION
"as coachman and gardener; can milk and u«k-
himself generally useful about place: good refer-
ences; . city or country. A. A., 259 Stevenson »t.
4 MARKET ST. — BRANCH OFFICE OP THK
Call: want ads and subscriptions uuceo.
PiARMER AND WIFE ON RANCH: WIFE
V good cook, man can do any ranch work. Ad-
dress R. W., box 134, Call Office.
ARBER, WITH _ YEAR- EXPERIENCE,
wauls situation: not a ■.■ruin from barbers
college. Address O. P., box 134, Call Office.
ANTED— SITUATION BY FIRST-CLASS
" carnnxe and wacou blacksmith, also good
borseshoer. A, ply 191 Ship ey .it.
JAPANKSE BOY, 17 YEARS OLD. WANTS
O p.sition; schoolboy. Address S. T., box 107,
this office.
BRANCH OFFICE OF THE IH7 NINTH
XJ st — ant ads and subscriptions taken.
DV MAN, AGE 37 YEARS. SINGLE, POSI-
-1 ' tion in general merchandise store in country:
experience and recommendations: capable of
keeping books:' speaks different languages. Ad-
dress C li., box 58, Call Office. ..;• .-_•:.
TNDUSTRIOUS MIDDLE-AGED GERMAN;
X handy man with musical instrument*, fair bar-
ber, good gardener and a 1 round handy man; with
best of refeieuce: prefer springs or summer resort;
City or Oakland: fair waxes. F., box 58. Call.
GOOD CORNET PLAYKR WISHES SITUA-
tion. MaX RIEBEL, 17 Alta st.
\ OUNG Man WANTS PO.-ITiON to LEARN
xausa-e making: has some knowledge already.
518 Stevenson st.
n't C LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
vJA *J CALL. Subscriptions and want ads la-en.
£07 MO.VTOOMKRY,COItSER OF CI.A —
• '—• Linen unti k 9:3i) oclock; branch otlice ot
the Call: subscriptions and wain ads. taken. -
TIT AST D-POSITION BY LICENSED DRUG-
' • gist and physician. J., box 20, Call Office.
NGINKKR'M POSITION BY COMPETENT
J man: conversant with electrical, refrigeratiuc,
p:ieu -ii i.tic, hrdniiinc machinery. Engineer L. li.
G., box t>s. tall office.
| yoDKo mas WANTS POSITION in coun-
■L try ; understands care of horses and can - milk
COW. Address J. M., box 136, Call.
QQQ HAVES BT— BRANCH OFFICE OF
• )•>»' Thjc Call: kuObcrlptloua aua wauc i>ds
taken.
_
FEMALE HELP WANTKD.
ANTED— 2 FRENCH SECOND GIRLS, $20
» » and $15: Frencn nurse, 1 child, #25: German
second n\r , $20: French laundress, $2.%: German
or Scandinavian cook, $35; girl to «ew on leather,
; $4 a week: cook, restau'ant, $7 a week: cote,
small lio.~rlin»house. $3U. LEON ANDRE,
308 Stockton st?
GIRL, OAKLAND, $15: GIRL. BERKELEY,
1 $15: girl, Dcvi adeio St., $18: girl. Masonic
aye . 815; girl, country home. $15; girl Larkln
at. $12: girl. Castro st., *15: gir. !->cott si.. $15:
girl, line st., $15: girl. Blake st, $15: girl Air
Sacramento, *15 12 German, 9 Swedish girls; 8
Danish. MARTIN it C ■_ 749 Market st.
GIRL FOR BAKERY, $3 WEEK: KITCHEN
helper, *16 and room: waitress, $4 a week
and room; cook. $6 a week; waitress. $3 50 a
week: _ waitresses, $5 a week; waitress, city, $20
and room; cook for '-alaveras Count y. $20 and
room: 2 girls, learn walling, etc. MARITN <_
CO.. 749 Market st.
MIDDLE- WOMAN. BAKKRY, $10:
i'l gliL family of 2, $10; 3 nuraesirls, $10- 2
housekeepers, city; German housekeeper. MAR-
TIN & CO., 749 Market SU
TRONER FOR COUNTRY LAUNDRY. $30.
X board aDd room: Call early. MARTIN <fc CO.,
749 Market st.
SALESLADY FOR can di ••:■*, etc.: CALL
early. MA UTIN & CO., 749 Market st.
pIANO-PLAYER, $ :0, bovkd AND ROOM.
1 MARTIN & CO., 749 Market st.
GIRL. FAMILY 2, $.0: CALL EARLY.
martin i CO .. V 49 Mark tsl
' ■AM'-TRKSs, $3 TO $4 A WEEK. MAR-
TIN CO., 749 Market st.
SEAMSI LEATHER WORK. MAR-
TIN & CO., 749 Market St.
IX GERMAN GIRLS, $20 TO $25. MARTIN
0 '<& CO., 749 Market sL
SWEDISH OR GERMAN GIRL, FAMILY OF
three. $20. MARTIN & CO., 749 Market st.
IKL. FAMILY OF 3, $25. MARTIN A CO.,
749 Market st.
"IV" ANTED— TO-DAY, FIRST-CLASS COOK.
" $30; German or :-canditmvlan second girl.
$25; French nurse and seamstress $25; iiermin
nurse and second girl, $20: Protestant second
girl for Oakland. $20; 2 >candinavlan gir a for
*ame hou<e in city as cook and second girl, $25
and $20: Protestant ctrl for housework, 2 in fam-
ily. $25. first-class place; a number of neat young
gins for housework, $20 and $25: German or
Scandinavian laundress., $25; a-coml glil for
country, *2f ; 1-rench nurv for country, $20; Ap-
ply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Suiter st.
\\[ ANTED— HEAD WAITRESS FOrt NICE
• • r'Staurant, $30: also 4 waitresses at $6 a
week ; also 6 waitresses for lunch. Apply to J. F.
CRObETT & CO.. 316 : ulter st.
WANTED — FIRST-CLASS COOK FOR
' ' short distance $30: Scandinavian girl for
housework in Napa County, $25. Apply to J. F,
CROSETT <k CO.. 316 Sutte'r st.
T\TAITRESS. RESTAURANT. CITY, $16;
TT cook, hotel, see party here, $40; laundr
private boarding house, < it/, $25; cook, boarding-
house, city. $.0; 10 girls, housework, cily, $15 '
and $20; girl for sewing, day work; . 6 yonnc girls
to assist, $10 and $16. C. R. HANSc-N & CO.,
110 Geary st.
■V" A 1 -APPEARING YOUNG LADY AS
XI saleslady for a candy-store and tend, soda
fountain: good wages. C. R. HANS UN <& CO., 110
eary st.
OOK FOR HOTEL; $40. C R. HANSEN &
) CO., 110 Geary st. i
OOK, COUNTRY, $30; 10 HOUSEWORK
t;iri-., »20 and $25: 6 young cirls, assist, $10 to
I*s. Mlt>3 CULLEN, 323 Sutler St.
p ERMAN OR SWEDISH COOK AND SEC-
U ond girl: $25 and $20. MISS CULLh.N, 323
Batter st.
WOMAN WITH A CHILD; ♦IS. MISS CUL-
tt LKN, 323 Sutter st. ,
p ERMAN OR SWEDISH SECOND GIRL.
VJ $26. .MISS CULLEN, 3.3 Suiter st.
TV"EAT WOMAN FOR LIGHT WOKK, MEN-
Xl lo Park, $10 MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutler st.
BRIGHT, ■ ACTIVE GIRL TO WAIT ON
table boarding-bouse at the mines, *_.*>; woman
cook tor the mines. 925; ranch cook, $26: girl for
housework, Ilanford, $20, free fare: mid others.
MURRAY * READY, Leading Employment
Agents, 634-636 Clay st.
HOU'EGIKL, BAi;SELITO, $25; TWO IN
family: no washing. MRS. NORTON, 315
Butter. • •
TVAITKEBS. COUNTRY HOTEL. $20. R. T.
WARD <fe CO 610 Way s .
BUHWOIITHY YOUNG i.lrtL, LIGHT
X housework; good home: 3 in family; $6. : 2113
Geary St.. near Scott.
IV-4STKD- GIRL - FOR HOUSEWORK:
»V plain cook. App1y .3866 Eighteenth st., near
Sanchez. . , , .
\\ r ANT ED- A N EXPERIENCED" APPREN-
'» tic-eon custom coats. 568 Minna st. ; .
p IRL AS PANTS OPERATOR; MUST BE A
VJT finisher. Call early, 131 V 3 Eddy st. :
DRESS AND CLOAK MAKERS WANTED.
Apply Cloak Department, the Emporium.
ANTED— YOUNG 16 YEARS, TO
TT take care of baby. l«13y 3 Scott st. >
\\TANTi-:D— EXPERIENCED WAITRESS. 26
TT and 28 Fourth su
001 HOWARD- FOR HOUSEWORK;
O_j J small wages; sleep home.-- r
GIRL FOR housework few hours
ea.h day; no Sunday. - 1047 Valencia st. ;
PARTIES LOOKING FOR FURNISHED OR
X unfurnished bouses and rooms call on MRS.
SPENCKR, 1321 Park St.. Alameda.
9 SECOND TRIMMERS. 114 GRANT AYE.
.«-*■-■■- ; -'- '. ■ . •'■ - ' - • .. ■ ',-.i
pEFINED.'UNINCUMBKRED YOUNG LADY
X\- for electric baths, 1346 Market at.; room 1.
HELP WANTED— Contfnn*rt.
FINISHERS ON CLOTHE-*; GOOD BUTTON-
X 1 bole-maker; gooa wages; steady work. 106
Battery st.
I^RKNCH GIRU UPSTAIRS WORK AND
X? sewing. Apply 2108 Jackson, bet. and 4.
\\r ANT t:D — GERMAN Gll'.L. GENERAL
" housework: plain cooking; wages, 920; 933
Kaightst.
"\\r ATKD— GIRI. FOR GEN L HOISE-
» ' work; wages fi om $15 to $20. 1323 Stockton.
A MARKET ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF TliJi
J Call: want ads and subscriptions taken.
1 IRST-CLASS SEWERS ON WRAPPER-",
J waisa. etc. H. FRtIDLASDKR, 310% Fell
st , from Btolo a. m. v.
WANTED— GERM AN GIRL, ABOUT 20, FOR
'» t-eneral housework; no cooking. Apply at
130 Page st
GIRL WA NT DTO LEARN VEST-MAKING;
good sewer preferred. Bvi Hyde st.
SF. DRESS-CUTTING BCHO L— FRENCH
. tailoring taught; 91 week. 916 Market, r. 54.
'T-'IItST-CLAS'i WAISTBANDS, AND AP-
X 1 prentices paid while learning. 330 O'Fanell.
INTELLIGENT YoU>G WOMAN WAKTKD:
X one >.*xperieiic-d in the care of young children;
must have good references. Address B. 8., box
44, Call Offic .
ft! " LARKIN — BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
"l"" Call: subscriptions and' want ad taken.
JATEST SKIKTM, STYLISH JACKETS, PER-
J-i feet-fitting waist patterns cut to order. 25c:
wanted, ladles to learn the McDowell Dressmak-
ing and Miliiuery School, 103 Post st. .
i^LYNN's DRESSMAKING AND CVTTtXti
X Academy. 14 McAllister St.: 91 a week.
VI CST CONVENIENT AND RESPKCTaBLK;
i*i \V Inchester Hous- 44 Third st . near Market:
20J rooms: 25c to 91 5J per night: 91 60 to $3
per week: tr»« 'bus pii.l t,r.crae> to an I trom ferrr.
MALE HKLP WANTED.
6 COOKS, CITY AND COUNTRY HOTELS
and restaurants, 930, 940 and *60; 3 waiters,
city and country - hotels. $25 and 30: 3 waiter
boys, 915; 3 dishwashers. 916 and $20: second
cook and broiler, 936 and found: German cook,
country hotel. 940. MURRAY <fc RKAI»Y Lead-
lug Employment Agents, 644 and 686 Clay st. ■
lAUNDCYM AN, $7 A WEEK AN 1) FOUND:
XJ ha f fare paid. MURRAY <k READY, lea.-
lug j-.iup oyment Agents, 634 ana 630 Cay st.
p ARDEMSK, PHIVATK FAMILY. $25 AND
\JX found. MURRAY & BRADY, Leading Em-
ployment Agen.s. 634 and 636 < lay st.
.aP'NKSE COOK FoR 6 MEN, $25. MUR-
RAY & READY, Leading Employment Agents,
634 and 036 Clay st.
rpAILOR, COUNTRY f-H>>P. MLRRA I dk
IK'-. DV, Leading Employment Agents, 634
and 636 Clay a;.
BLACKSMITH. COUNTRY SHOP; 3 GRAN-
tie quarrym^n, 92 day; 3 granite curb-cutters,
8c each. MUiiRAY & READY, Leading Em-
ployment Agents, 634 and 636 Ciay st. '
3 BOY-* F >R CHORES ON RANCHES, ETC.
MURRAY <& HEADY. Leadiug Employment
Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
r LABORERS AND TEAMSTERS. CITY AND
0 country. $1 60 and 91 75 da/. MIRKaV &
i:KAI)V, leading Employment Agents, 6J4 and
ti •('. Clay St..
T." A RMER AND WiFE WITHOUT CHIL-
I dren, for an orchard: see boss here. MURRAY
.V READi, Leading Employment Agents, 634
and 636 Clay st.
3 MILKERS, $20: FARMER WHO CAN
O keep books, time of men and asslsl superin-
tendent, see .-.* heie: ->> farmers, orchard and
vineya-d -h..nds. 915 and *20. MiRKaY <t
UKAI'V, Leaaiu£ employment Agents, 604 aud
636 Ciay st. . a
\y ANTED— AMERICAN SOLICITOR FOR
*' tbisotlice; one who speaks German. J. F.
CKuSfc.ll & CO., 623 Sacramento at
VyANTED-KARMER AND MILKKR FOR
T? .Virin County, $25 sieedyjob: elevalOr-DOv,
$3 60 a week: ironer. 925 and found: blacksmith
helper. $1 a day and found: sbingle-bolt makers,
■?1 25 to $1 76 a cord; woodihuppers, cooks, wall-
ers and oil.ors. Apply to J. F. CRosii.TT<fc CO.,
628 Sacramento st.
Uf ANTED— SCANDINAVIAN MILKER AND
" farmer, 925; steady Job. J. F. CRoSKTT <fc
CO., 628 Sacramento st. , \
T\r ANT D- WORKING FOREMAN. SINGLE.
" references, stocK and grain ranch, 930 and
found; 6 vineyard ists, long id $10 and found;
s!iow« as -maker, 82 to 92 DO a day; farmers,
tfanistT*. milker*, cooks, waiters, etc. W. v.
i.\V j B & CO., 626 Clay sU
"iy antei-skcond COOK. restaurant,
' • $30: cook, country, small pUce, 930: lunch
waiter: hotel waiter, 925: omce-boy; butler,
French orKnc l«n, etc A.sDßh'f, 30b Stockton.
HKAD MEAT LOOK. COUNTRY HOTEL,
$70; second cook, restaurant. $56; restaurant
butcher, 950. C. it. HAN^E.N <t CO.. 110 Geary.
QUARTZ MINERS, MACHINE D KILLS. $3
A cay: bulier, city, $25. R. T. WA..D & CO..
608 and 610 Clay si~
UTLEK, $45. MISS CULLEN. 3-3 SUTTER
stree..
HEAD WAITER FOR RESORT, $36. HOTEL
XX GAZETTr, 420 K-aruv St.
\\r ANTED V ASSISTANT FOREMAN ON
"» sheep and gral • farm; one experienced who
can keep accounts and be useful: references re-
quired, Apply only between 1 and 2 p. it. to Mo
i,ENNAN. 652 Fifth SU
ANDY BOY 16 YEARS OLD TO LEARN
bicycle repairing; good home for boy without
parents. Address P. O. box 848. San Rafael, CaL
STRONG BOY: RESTAIRANT: $3 WEEK.
bCHWAKZ & BETH. Ph lan bnilding.
Barber wanted for Saturday at 627
X) bacrAmeuto st.
! \A ANTED- YOUNG MAN; GOOD WHITEN-
*» er. Call between 7 and 7:dO, 1587 Fol.som st.
ANTED— SHOKMAKKRS ON SECOND-
TT hand shoe repairing. 706 Howard st.
Tailor WANTED. BOOM IJ3,' PHELAN
1 building.
U r ANTED — SECOND-HAND PAINTER'S
tools. 1587 Foisom st.
IJARBKR-SHOP RUNNING 3 CHAIUB; Al
X> location; v. bargain. Apply (.all utU.o.
OOD 15-« KNT SHOP FOR SALE, CHEAP; 4
Chairs. 11 Ellis 81
ANTED-»TEADY MAN FOR COUNTRY
* V position: must have $5 expense money. Ap-
ply at 9 Geary st., room 2.
WA.NTKD-SOBER INDUSTRIOUS MAN TO
"I assist in light indoor bustneas; must be satis-
fied with $1» per week and have $150 cash. Ap-
ply 777 Market st., room 7.
\\r ANTED— Mk.N LOVERS OF DOGS TO SEE
** the great swimming race bet. the following
docs: J BoyresA 1 a's Eugilsh bull Paddy, F. P.
Pernnj;'* setter Glp, C. Wllle's spaulel .Mg, J.
v\ i ies bros n spauie Dash, also his celebrated pup
Grover Cleveland. Checks for sale a CA.FT.
THOMPSON'S. NW. cor. Bay and Taylor sts.,
Norm Reach, Sunday, April 11; dog* training
every day.
WANTED- YOUNG MAN OF GOOD AD-
dress, pleasing manners and who has a thor-
ough knowledge of Bents' furnish must be a
competent buyer, understand window-dressing and
be fully capable of taking charge of his depart-
ment: fair salary and steady position. Address
fur 2 days, statin? age. . reference, etc.. Modern,
box 134, Call office
1 ED— PARTNER WITH SMALL CAPI-
" tal in show and lecture business: can make
$300 to 500 a month. Address A. 8., box 113,
Call Office. • .
WANTED — WORKING FOREMAN ON
'» ranch: single man; references: wages $30.
W. W., box 108, Call Office.
WANTED— MATE WITH G&RMAN PA-
pers. Apply 48 £teuart st.
f'O'K FOR RESTAURANT WANTED. 202
\J Ninth st.
BENCH HAND AND MACHINE HAND.
Market-street Planing Mills, 2006 Market *v
"V7-OUNG PORTUGUESE BOY: 1 YEAR'S EX-
X perience barber-shop. 2197 Powell su
\y ANTED - OPERATOR ON PANTS AT
tt 409 Fourteenth st,, TCTTMTWMfttH
ICYCLtS AND GUN REPAIRING SHOP
for sale for $150; in county seal town; best
chance for a man who wants to make a first-class,
independent living. Address P. O. box 126. Mar-
tin z. CaL . -
> .-CHAIR B A RBER-8HOP; GOOD LOCATION;
— 2 sunny living-rooms; yard: old siii!i<t: rent or
sale: owner going- to country: bargain. , Apply
Call Office. : '.
BARBER-SHOP SALE ON ACCOUNT
of leaving city. Call 1 12 1/3 Eddy st.
\V~ ANTED— AN IDEA; WHO CAN . THINK
"of some simple thing to patent? ' Protect your
!de»s: tiiev may bring you wealth. Wrlta JOHN
WEDDERBUKN& CO., • Dep:. .L, Potent Attor-
neys. Waahin^ioo, D. C. for their 1800 pnz«
offer and new list of 1000 Invention* wanted.. .
mHE ROSED ALE.. 821 ': KLLI*— CHEAPEST
.'X and best lodging-bouse north of Market st. .; ;. -
9*V/>K MISSION ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
— •>_'.» IHi 1 a Li.: uilwcripiloaj ' aud warn ada
taken. '■"-;.",'. •• ' - >■■' "*' ■'■ ■ •■•;•■'. •'••"• .'■'■ •■ ■■ • : " -
E, SIMO.» WANTS 100 Mr.N lv oliT BOX-
. lie beer or wine 6c: Dest free lench. 64SClaf.
ARBEKS- FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
X) P. C Barbers', Assn. S..FU CHS, 325 Grant aye.;
TuUItNKYAtii.N-iJARiiKKs' LMl'LOVilli.M' ■
O terretary .H. itli.NAf.i), 103 Tenth at.
rrp-T.f WANTED-
"JtEURUITS WANTED FOR THE U. 8. MA-
XV rlne , Corps, U. S. Navy— Able-bodied unmar-
ried men between the ages of 21 and 30 years
who are citizens of the -United States, or those
who have legally declared -their. Intention to be-
come sucb: must be of good character an ; habit*
and able to speak. lead . and write English and be
between 5 feet 5 Inches and b feet In height. For
lurtlier information apply at. the Recruiting uflice,
20 Kills stTMan Francisco. CaL
FIR>-T-CLASS BARBERS FURNISHED BY
International Union Free Employment Bureau.
34 Fourth st. the Modern. 1. Lr.s^, f-ecretarv.
1 l*rj NINTH Sl'. — BRANCH • OFFICE OK
XU I 'lux till; kutwcriptlou aud want ads.
taken. ; -;
STYLISH AND DURABLE C LF SHOES
made to order. 92 60: cheapest place In city for
repairing and second-hand .shoes. 959 Howard si.
ANT EI)— MEN TO LEARN BARBER
'" trade: shops, tools, positions furnished: 8
w»eka required. S. F. Barber Coileire, 1 38 Vs Eighth,
■\A, ANTED.TOIOLLECT E LABOH-
" ers<tclerks KN OX Collection Acer, 1 10 sutter.
DESOLUTIONS ENG O>SKD, DIPLOMAS
XX filled out & all kinds of 1 en work. J. GRIF-
FITH. Ueald's Busin. s-. College, 24 Post >L
I^OR GOOD REPAIRING CALL, AT CEN-
X tral Repairing Shoe Shop, 1534 Market St.. bet.
Larkln and City Hall aye., or 7*:t Mlt»lonst.:
large stock new and second-hand shoes on sale;
shoes made to order, any style, $3 up.
INULK ROOMS 10.: AND 16c NIGHT, 60c
and 75c week. LlnUell House, sixth andUowad.
W'AN'lr.D-LABORERS AMJ MECHANICS
»» to know that Ed Rolkln. Reno Bouse proprie-
tor, still runs Denver Horn*. 217 Third st. : 1&4
large rooms; 25c per night; 91 to $3 per week.
Want ad» and subscriptions for
> ' Th» Call are taken at Branch uiht* sontb-
west corner sixteenth and Mission sts.
I (\l\ ilfiN TO TAKE LODGING AT lOC. 150
X \J\J and 20c a nlgbl. Including cottee aim raUj.
124 Washington St.. near K»arnv.
BKVT IN CITY— SINGLE ROOMS, 15. 20 A.NU
1 J 25 cents per night: $L, $1 z5. 91 60 per weak.
) arlric House. Commercial and LeidesrtorlT fits. .
1«7 NINTH ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OK
JIM TH« Call; auDscriptioa and waui. ads
taken.
■L"ILCHOHOU>K, 863^ MARKET ST.—
XJ 20c. 25c to 50c night. $1 10 $2 wee*. '
rpU^ ACME HoTj'mE. Po/ MARKET ST.. BK
X low Slxtn. lor a room: i&c a night: $1 a »«««.
ANTED, YOUR SUOK>-WE REPAIR 1
' » shoes up to 9 o'clock every night: those work-
lug through the day can have their shoes repaired
at night while you wait: ladles' noting, 35c; men's
soling. 60c: fine shoes made to order from $2 up:
we have a lot or shoes been damaged 1 y water at
less ti.an one-fourth their value, from 76c up to
92 60. 662 Mission st, bet. First and second.
"I I7AA MORE PAIR MEN'S SHOES. BEEN
J I ' " ' damaged by water, at less than one-fourth
their value, from 75c up to $2 50. 662 Mission at.,
bet. First and second.
.VV'AM'KD-SIXIfH, ROOMS, 16c A DAY; #1
'» week; rootni for 2. 25c a day. 91 60 a **»,
reading-room: dally. papers. US Clay st.
11OOMS. 150 TO 76c PER NIGHT; 60c TO $1 60
XV Der week. ' Oriental, 225 Drumm st.
\\. INCHESTEK UOUSK, 44 THIHD ST M NX.
'• MarKe:: 200 room% 26c a night: reading-
room: tree bin and i>a ••••*»♦ "> and irom the terry
AGENTS WANTED.
"iy ANTED— S LIVE AND ENERGETIC LADY
11 canvassers: right parties can make 910 per
day for next 3 weeks. Addre s, stating experi-
ence. S. L. and L. Co., box 59, Call ( like.
AGENTS— BtIYAN'9 BOOK, "THE FIRST
rattio" Apply or address for territory F.
PERSON, subscription department. THE
WHITAI^ER & RAY COMPANY. 723 Market St.
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED— HOUSE OR FI,AT OF 6 ROOMS
*» and bath, not over $27 60; north of Kills,
east of Uough. south of Jackson. Address ti,, box
11 4, Call Office. ■
;j, WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
T>UILDINOS BOUGHT: LUMBER, SASHK*
XJ doors, mantels, etc, for sale. 1163 Mission ».
ELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHINU A»\i> JKVV- .
O «lry to A. KLEIN. 103 Sixth at.: send postal.
EDUCATIONAL-
ANDERSON'S ACADEMY AND SCHOOL Of
-. » Mathematics: pupils prepared In day and
evening classe< nnd by private lessons for Call or-
nla and Stanford universities; teachers,' marine
engineeis' and civil service examinations; special
ev'g classes: mathematics, mechanical drawing;
high school pupils coached. It., 402 Parrot, bldg.
A SCHOOL OF PHYSICAL t CULTURE AND
J\. Elocution, 1215Octavla st., >an Francisco.
ELIZA MACKINTOSH. rnpU of Professor
G. W. Baynham, Glasgow, Scotland, and.graduate
Of the School of Oratory, Philadelphia, Pa.,
teacher. Office days. Friday p. m, Saturday a. m.
BALD'S BUSINESS «-OLLKGB, 24 POST-
Bookkeeping . tnslness practice, shorthand,
typing, telegraphy, langnases, English branches,
tiectrical engineering: 20 teachers; 15,000 gradu-
ates: day and evening sessions; catalogue.
AYBJar. THK LEADING COLLEGE. 321
Montgomery m. : Individual lnstrnctloa la
shorthand, typing. bookkeeping, telegraphy, eta-
We scholarship 950 1- w rates per week and mi
OHORTHAND. TYPEWRITING SCHOOL:
O liimlish. German: pivate or clhss; low rates.
Room 32. Donohue building, over the Maze.
BELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OP ACTING—
Private theutrirals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 6 and 12, 1.0.0. F. block, 7th and Mkt.
EO COOPEH. SCHOOL OF ACTING AND
Opera. Pantomlmo aud Acting; study of reper-
toire and vocal music 81 1 Geary st.
ENGINEERING SCHOOL; MKCH.. ELEC.«
civil wining, sorvey, assay, archlr., X ray
latuht; es.lB6*. A. VAN DER AILLKN.933 Mkt
English, latin, mathematics, miss
ROULSTON, teacher, 724 O'Farrell sL :  , •:
T>IANO TAUGHT IN SIX months: NEW,
X quick method: $2 50 per month. 323 Hyde.;
"OANJOTACGHT TO BEGINNERS, 26 CENTS
X) per lesson. Add: ess A., box 76, Call Office.
MANDOLIN, GUiTAR— AMATEUK PLAY-
erst to join cum. PJfOF. MXXXI, 225 Geary.
PIANO, GERM AN, 75c: PUPIL LEIPSICCON-
X servatory and German High School. 110 Hyde si
AMY J. DEAS, 405 MCALLISTER— VOICE
culture. piano-.prl.les. s'2 hr., vocal classessl mo.
|>OOKKPNO. WttlTNO, ARITHMTC. URAMR.
X>dar <fc night: no daises; $5 month. »45 .Mission.
SINGING; PIANO; PARIS GRADUATE;
French, 111:111 languages: $•_' ma 109 Taylor.
/"I t'lTAil, VANi/uLIN, PiANo AN VoC^.-
VX lesson*. *:•« mo. Marr Westbaus. H9 Fifth.
QUBSCRIPTIONS AND WANT ADS FOR THE
0 1 all taken .at branch ulh'ce. hint Hayes su;
open -until 9:30 o'clock. .
LOST.
LOST— BET. JESSIE. AND SIXTH. MII-SION
and Eighth sts., bunch of keys. Return 441
Jessie si : reward. -
ADY'S GOLD WATCH: HEART-SHAPED
fob, Suitable reward at 318 Battery st. '
OST— BLACK COCKER SPANIEL TaG 3 8;
reward $5. OT 1 0 si VKRs, 1839 Kddy st.
OST— ON APRIL 1, A SILVER-PLATED
J carriage door handle. Return to Roos BROS.,
27 Kearny st.: reward.
BLACK COCKER SPANIEL BITCH; . 808- |
ill: white spot on breast. - Keturnto 1590
Fulton st. ; reward.
BRANCH OFFICE OF THE CALL, 167 NINTH
st.: ' want ads and Biihscrlptlons taken. '
FOUND.
IpOCND— FOX-TERRIKR DOG, MARCH 28.
without' license. Inquire 30 Valley st., after
6 p.m. : ; • . . ■ . -
ON SUNDAY NIGHT LAST, PAIR OF KYK-
lasses. . Owner can have same at 529 ivy aye.'
WAGON; OWNKR CAN HAVE SAME BY
tt paying expenses. Twenty-sixth and Noa sis.
t'OUND- ON MARKET ST., *600 INDORSED
F note; call ana prove ownership. B. D. j_ACA-
ZETTE. 519 Jackson st. . ..... , -
LEGAL NOTICES.
ifOR SALE— SUBJECT/ TO CONFIRMATION
X by the Superior Court— The business of the late
J. P. THOMai- (sw, cor. of Clay and , Davis sts.,
San Fri.ncis-0, and a*, hico. Ca! ). 1 (insisting Of
the stock, fixtures, good will and credits. : - - -
1 Bids will be received by A. C. FREK-SK, SDecia'
Administrator of the estate of J. P. THOMAS, de-
ceased. . ■ .
- 1. For the entire business as conducted' both in
Ban Francisco and Chlco.- -'.'-.- - \v:- ..
-.:■ X, Separate -bliiH for each of the stores at San
Fran cU and Chlco. ■ :• - . ' ■ .
'• 8. For the stock, fixtures and good will of the
Kan Franclsc 1 store. •-■ - . ,
- 4 - Merchandise in warehouses as per inventory.
' 5. Much other bids ■as parlies : may desire ■to
make. vh l V'lM!M><Jl'lß.'lHi>|||ll»'H»'ll«fa*«J"' W"TftJ
AH bids to be filed with A. C. FREESE bf Mon-
day, April 12. 1897, at 9:30 o'clock of said day,'
and.be accompanied- by a certified ch-c-foriO
per cent of the offer. Bidders are requested to ap-
before j J iu«e Slack of the superior < ourt at
l::-0 p. 1 m., "of said day, upon confirmation pro-
ceedings '■•■-■■•:«■• 't - ■ \ ■ ' -..-. ■ -■-:'
A. C. FREESE, Special Administrator of the
estate of J. P. THOMAS, deceased.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
<J£Qfin GROCERY AND BAR WITH 6 LIV-
tiPOUXJ. Ing-rooms; ■ neighborhood of shops,
factories, etc.: only 925; established 15 yean.
M. LESS, 5 Fourth st.
"I /inn -'FIJTE CORNER GROCERY AND
iUUU. baron on- of principal streets, a few
boclts north of Market: .legaut fixtures: larce
stock: more than value In sight; a gift. M. LESS,
6 Fourth st. •.
ffi'iCn FilUlT AND POULTRY BUSINESS
•I? - «J' '. in busiest portion of the Mission: good
horse and wagon: 3 livirnt-roomi: cheap rent; big
yari and stable; good for married couple. M.
LESS, b Fourth st.
<j&7?;n OYSTER and chop house ON
tip I O\J. one o the mo«t prominent. street* a
block and a half from Market; mod ra c rent; Old-
established, well-paying, place: crowded all day
long. M. LEB-. 5 Fourth St.
$O«. y DYEING AND CLIANING BUSI- I
<UJ<"— v. ness In the heart of the city; cheap
rent: 4 nic '' living rooms, eiejantly furnuned. .M.
LESS. 5 Fourth su
'wr.(W) • ORNKR GROCERY AND BAR; IN
«05UV/V/. liveliest location south of Market at.;
cheap rent; living-rooms; large stock; big bar
business; established corner; ' for a bargain see
this.- M. LESS, 3 Fourth st. '
©O^n COR. GROCERY AND BAR IN THE
«JPOOV/. Wesieri Addition; living-rooms: rent
cheap; old-established place: steady cash trade.
-M. Less, 5 Fourth st.
STATIONERY, SCHOOL SUPPLIES. LAUN-
dry office and ciga.-s:ore In choicest portion of
Wesu-rn Addition: well-stocked; 4 nice livlng-
jooms; rent only *20; paying business. M. LES-),
5 Fourth st
ffl; 1 7 RESTAURANT AND COFFEE-
t]pX i *J. house: Market sL; clearings'iA month;
can seat 35: sickness cause of selling HhAI.Y,
917 Mir>rU ■..;>,,;-o
<5;1 (\(\ CIGAH-ST iRK; corner NKAR
«jnXUU. Market; business 98 perday. HEALY.
917 Market st.
DO YOU WANT TO SE'Ji YOUR BUSINESS
promptly for canh? 50 saloous. groceries and
burs cheap. HEALY. 917 Market St.
©09?: LADIES, ATTENTION — BRANCH
*IP •-**-»-'• bakery, confectlonerr, cigars, etc.; re-
ceipts $8 a day; Masou st.; 6 rooms. Uj£ALY, 917
Market st.
HIGHEST CASH PRICK* PAID FOR FURNI-
tore, restaurant, saloon fixtures and grocer?
atocu. STENBKKG. 632 Market: teL main 1013.
MANUFACTURING- AND KEPAIKING Es-
tablishment: fully equipped: ran past 25
years; always made money: suited for man and
wife; 9 bands employed: good outside trade: in-
vestigate this. STENBERU & CO., 632 Market.
StAA BUTCHERSHOP: GOOD CORNER
~i\J\r. Western Add.; rent $16 sJ;oniv 9.630.
including stao.e: cuts 3 cattle, 14 sheep. 2 calves
weekly: horse, wagon. STKNBERG, 632 Market.
C;9XA SALOON AND LUNCHHOUBE;
*IF4«fJ\J. wholesale disu STENBKRO, 632 Markt
HKK-SHOP; GOOD LOCATION; RENT
X) taken in trade. BEHG. 632 Market St.
t)artnek wanted ijs the best oystkb
X and chop house in Oakland; will guarantee the
place clears 9260 a month; big all-nixht trnde;
owner prefers partner to nired help; every investi-
gation Invited. STENBERG & CO., C 32 Market.
LD-ESTABLISHED SALOON; CHOICEST
\J location on water front: doing a large first-class
paying business: net rent only $20: Investigate;
a genuine good business offer; would trade tor
ranch. WIJ.KE, 783 Market st.
©QAA ELEGANTLY FITTED UP SALOON.
tipuvv/. opp. City Hall, with clubroom: side
entrance: large day and night trade; big sacrifice;
owner going East. WILKE, 783 Market st.
<2»f'F: A SALOON ON THIRD ST., CLOSE
«3)l/OU. to new Call building: dolnir good pay-
ing business: must sell at once: disagreement of
partners. WILKE, 783 Market st
SALOON AND LUNCH - HOUSE near
large factories: suitable for man and wife; can
I be bought direct from brewery: not much ready
cash required. WiLKE, 783 Market st.
SALOON— OLD ESTABLISHED, QuOD LO-
catlou, 8 rooms, kitchen, including furniture;
rooms bring rent; cheap. Cor. Battery and Pacific.
OR SALE OR RENT CHEAP— RESTAU-
rant. complete throughout, now running. Ap-
ply at Bailey Block, Berkeley.
RKSTAURANT WORTH $200 GOKS TO-DAY
for $50 cash. Particulars 539 California st.
pIOAR-STANI> WOKTH «200 GOES TO-DAY
\J for $65. 539 California st-
F»R SALE— CORNER GROCERY AND BAR;
no opposition. Call at Call office.
GOoD EQUIPPED BAKERY FOR SALE.
Inquire Call Office.
VonNO WIDOW WANTS A GENTLEMAN
X partner: small capital. Room 8, 207 Post su
ANTED— RENT A FURNISHED DIN-
"" in -ri'Om. .L. M., box 69. Call ufflie.
CORNER GROCERY AND BAR FOR SALE,
\J cheap. Apply 331 Sixth st.
BY EXPERIENCED PROSPECTOR AND
practical miner, some financial backing to go
prospecting in the desert. dress B. X-, box 73.
Call Office.
CM Xll PARTNER WANTED FOR CASH
€■!""• business: exclusive trade of theeitire
coast; suited to plain .steady man satisfied with
918 to 920 a week to start. Apply Business
Broker, 46 Third st.
flj«qX/\ SALOON; OLD-ESTABLISHED
*S)*)O\J. place; best location in th* cltv; owi.er
Is there 3 vrars; also 4 rooms, Including furniture,
kitchen, 2 store rooms; a fine yard; mint be so d
this we. owner has other business in the coun-
try. Inquire 2tis 1 bird su J. LEMLE, or Broad-
way Brewery, 19th s.. and Treat aye.
TO PLUMBERS AND GABFITTERB— 3I3I,4
Sutter st , above Grant aye , has been occupied-
for the last 25 years by a plumber. Apply MAW-
SON A RURKK
TO ALE AND PORTKK BREWERS— INTER-
est In a small brewery for sale;, less than one-
third cost: everything In shape and clear of debt.
Ap. HERRMANN A CO., 309-311 Sacramento.
Good-paying sa. OON CHEAP: OWNER
VJ leaving city. GECX W. CH A PIN, 630 Market.
MUST BE SOLD: HOME BAKERY; GOOD
trade and location; 3 living-roums: parties
going East. 1008 Hyde st.
<S7f;ri FHUIT. POULTRY, GROCERY
tip • O\J . store; good horse and wagon. 3892
Mission SU
<mr»C VERY FINE FIXTURES OF
«ipU«J. butcher-shop. Apply D. (v.cUAJB, 827
Mission st.
\\T ANTED— RELIABLE. PERSON AS PART-
•» ncr in good- paying business: exDerlence not
necessary. Address M. p., box 134, Ca'l Office.
17*RTj IT STORE AND GKOCKRY FOR SALE;
F owner leaving city. 602 California sU
L OR SALE— CHEAP; FINK LIQUOR-STORE;
r g^od outside trade; cheap rent: must be sold.
Call at 820 Valencia su, before 9 am.
pi ENTLEMAN PARTNER WANTKD BY
VT young lad?; small capital. Room 3, 1016
Market st , or 11 Kddy.
lj^Oß SALK— WATER-FRONT SALOON, DO.
y Ing good business: price 9150. Apply 108
Steuart st. . —
"DESTAURAN T: 975: GOOD LOCATION.
XV Call at 1405 California st., nr. Hyae.
FINE DRUGSTORE, WOKTH $5000, WILL
sell for $2600. P. O. box 420, Oakland.
PARTNER WANTED WITH $1000, IN A
X cleaning and renovating works. Address P.
W. box 104, ca 1 Office.
TTt ASTERN YOUNG LADY DESIRES A GEN-
SH tlemau partner: small capital. 850 Market, r 6.
pOOD BAK.RY FOR SALE OR KENT. AP-
VJ ply 712 Valencia st.
*tQOnn GOLD QUARTZ MINE FOR SALE
f O\J\J\J. in operation; . 10-stamp mill fully
equipped; three concentrators; f ee water-power-
Loistlng \torks. snops, boarding-house, other build-
ings complete; three ledges, shafts and tunnels
run ready to stope ore; value in sight.. Address
w., box 89. Call office. . ™
DRUGSTORE: HANDSOMEST STORK IN
the city (Inland) ; no cut rates: best reasons
for selling. Address Drugs, box 139, Call Office.
l/OR SALE— COKNtR GROCERY AND BAR;
r 4 rooms and bath. | Apply cor. Larkln and Val-
lejo sts. : . , . .;-.  .
HALF INTEREST IN HORSESHOEING-
shop; cheap, account sickness. 339 Eddy sU
ANDY, ICECREAM.. AND SCHOOL SUP-
plles'for sale; near school; 4 sunny living-
rooms and bath; reasonable. Apply 2926 a Wash-
ington su, near Broderlck.
i )^>U MiSalON — SUBSCRIPTION* A->iJ
4-*J£.\J want ads taken for The Call. v \
TJUANCH BAKERY.NOTION AND STATION-
XJ cry store; lurniture or 6 rooms for sale. 449
Guerrero st. ■ ' • /. . . ■
\rOUNG, LADY DESIRE^ GENTLEMAN
X partner; small capitaL Apply riOVa Geary su,
room 2. * ' - • -. • - • -
STORAGE WAREHOUSE: GRAND CHANCE;
O good income; must be sold. 211 Larkln st. * ;
CITY itOUA'jB. tun aAiii. . APPLY IKid
Office. .
■_W^ - v- —^ . jTO LEASE.
TO LET OR LKaoK— ACADEMY HALL; 40x
120; cor. Mission and Mary sts , bet- Fifth and
Sixth. Apply to L. .•■ LTSCHUL. 320 Clay SU A
PHYSICIANS.
IiR.CC. O'DONNELL, IiJUS MARKET, RES.
XJ 28t>4 25th au ; diseases ox woman aspedalt/.
LODGING-HOUSES FOB SALE.
m.nf\f\ LODGING-HOUSE OF 23 WILL-
«IpDv/tf. furnished rooms; : cheap reut; excel-
lent ]oc tlou ; v you want a bargain ;ee this bouse.
M. LESS, 5 Fourth sU \:
1 /' ROOMS AND BATH; FIFTH 5T..... $550
X 12 rooms, neatly furnished; easy terms. " 4&0
48 rooms: corner, on gutter 5u.. .;.... 29i>\}
300 more houses on our list. . : . '.' 1 <
.WILKE, 7*3 Market! :
O| ROOM ON MAitKET ST, ....$ fl 0
Zi-T: 14 rooms, only -250
SO room *: corner: new ; 1,200
14rooruson Sntter 3iO
7-.«.0m hi' Use, on.jv. > -50
11. C. DECK lilt, 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
ROOMS, N ICEIiY~FURNIsHED WITH Ev-
erything new. for »ale: will sell it for $130; reat
918. 367 Jessie St.. near Fifth. ,
m.HANSIENT L >DGING-HOUSE; 8 ROOMS
land bath; call bet. 3 and 5 p. m. 139 Taylor sU
FURNITURE FOR SALE. - ;
RETIRING FROM HETAIL BUSINESS:
XV mnst close out stoc* in 30 days: brut sels car-
pet, 42^c yard: floor oilcloth. 18c; mat. lng, 7a
yard : room sets." 3 pieces. «9 60; 4-ro.>i fur-
niture outfit, $65. siliiiKa. «S -SHliiiilk. 71/
Market st . opp. Grant aye. • ; '
FIRE SALK NOW GOING ON; ENTIKE
stock of Carpets and Furniture damaisod by
tire, smoke and water: mus. be sold for account of
underwriter*. tfHIRkK it SHIiU-K, V4<" Market.
L UKMTURE, STOVES f AI'.P" Ts, COUN-
X I ters, showcases. A>DKK.>uN, 111:1 MarkeU
SAVE MONEY — BUY I-UKNITUKE FROM,
Buckingham Fur. Co., 86tt Mission; advances. ,
HOUSEHOLD RANGES AUK THE BEST.
JOHN F. MEYERS CO.. 947 Market SU •
.. . ■ .
FURNITURE WANTED.
AT INDIANA AUCTION COMP<NY, KE-
moved to 1171 Mission st.. near Eighth, tele-
phone Mint 1393. you get highest >■■. -v paid lor
merchandise, furniture, art gooas, pianos, libraries
BEBT PRICKS FOR FURNITURE, MDSE..
etc STREET CRESWELU Auctioneers, 9 27
Market »U rm.316. Houses bought in their entirety.
IF YOU WANT UOOU PRlCiiiJ FOX FURN'l-
tnre and merchandise see KURD. 211 Lartcln.
MUSICAL ISSTKUMENTB.
A RE YOU ABOUT TO PURCHASE A PIANO?)
XV. We sell them for $3, $4, $5. $3, $7. $8. $9, 9ir>
per month; also for cash; the best, makers of ever?*'
grade; don't pay rent when the same month!*
payments will purchase one from us. SHERMAN,
CLAY <& CO., cor. Ke.irny aud butter sis., titein-
way dealers. . ..■•
4 BSOLUTELY THE OLDEST AND LARGEST
,J\. house west of Chicago is KOHLER &
CHASE'S. 26, 28 and 30 o'i-'arrell- Bi.; pianos, or-
gans and all outer musical instruments, of all
' grades and prices; itrms easy: prices lowe.11.;
everything possible done to please and satisfy ilia
customer.
CTU.VLLY THE BEST BAKGAINa IN Pl-
anos; monibly payments from »5 up; deliv-
ered free with stool and cover: correspondence
solicited. THE F. W. SPENCER COMPANY,
salesrooms 933 .Market »L, upp. Musou; tstau'
l.shed over 20 years. '
NEW YOT<K PIANO $80, LADD CO. 97 5,"
Phillips $80, Meinway $I*s, Weber $^50,
Hardman *390. THE J. DEWING COMPANY,
t-econd Floor, Flood Building. Fourth and Market.
ON A FIDK RKDUCIIoy IN PRICES—
Hal lies. Knabe, Bush & Gerts and others; sec.
ond-haad pianos from $100 up. W. C HAMIL-
TON, successor to A. L. Bancroft & Co., 324 i'osu
HAW, BTEINWa\, «250; CHICKEKING,
$185; bargains, $4 a month; a nice small up-
right, 995. HEINE, 136 Ellis at. '
SKI '/'P\ $150— BEST BARGAINS IN THE
*XpX.£.*J. cty; good second-hand uprights. The
ZENO MAUVAI Music Co., 769 Market ,
ffljOKA UPHIGHT PIANO (DECK
*$>*'O\J. Bros.'); cos. $500. Apply 835 Piue st.
djj] AA ELEGANT GROVESTEEN FULLER
tJPXUV/.Dlano 95 installments. 221 Leavenworth
BARGAIN, $75; ERARD. FISCHER AND
otner uprights. HORNUNG's. 218 Post su
ffljl 7K Ni.U UPRIGHT, STOOL. SCARF;'
<pX I O. warranted 5 yrs. BRUKNN'S, 22B Post.
AKGAIN. FINE LAKGK UPK IC4H.T.CHE AP
SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister, next Hiberma Bans.
A'l SHKR.\U.N, CLAY A CO.'ft tXNLY \V iLi.
you find a stock of new isteinwav pianos- -
Wti. BAlJUi.il. SOi.K A- KNT FOKHALLEX
.<£ Davis and Francis Bacon pianos. 415 »act<x
BYKOX AIALZY., tOs i'uaT SA'.— sOHMiiX 1 !,
Newbr * Evans. Brings and other pianos.
CUPiiKIUIA VlOi.lNSs, ZITH^JKS, ULD«fc NK\W
OH. MULLER. maker. repairer. 2 I.»;hßm viucl-.
FOB SALE— BIISt'ELXASKOI'S.
ffIJ4ATO9BO: MARIN COUTSTY IMPROVED
•JpTtv/ »nd untiuprovud land; terms to suit; fruit,
grain, vegetables, rail and water transit. Room
65, Chronicle building.
C A-HORSEPOWER ENGINE AND BOILER,'
U\J complete for first-class steam plant. Addresj
box 113. Call Office.
"I ADIES' SOLITAIRE DIAMOND' PIN-
XJ price $30. cost $50. UNC^Ji HARRIS, 15
Grant uve. .
|/OR SALE— 6-. ELL, 4-5 HORSEPOWER (2
X vots, 60 amperes per cell) batlerv
cheap. 5 .ayior st.
■pARTNER IN GOOD-PAYING BUSINESS-
X tend store: small caDltnl. 223 Fourth at.
SAFES— AND SECOND-HAND. 603
Market su
Q> I(\ IMPROVED HIGH-ARM sIKGEH
<IP I \J. sewing machine; all attachments. 2437
Mission St., near Twenty-first. " '-,:.■-;
ICYCLES, NEW, HIGH GRADES, $45; 810
bargains In second-hands. Waverley lteml!
216 McAllister su Wholesa.e, 61 First St..
A^DXSI' R-T CLI X KDIA M OND, LA DY'S
Din, for f 40; cost $100. UNCLE Harris
15 Grant aye.
HOUSES FOR SALE; TO BE AI6VED 231
Ash aye., between Van Ness and Franklin.
ET Of BLACKSMITH'S TOOLS- »> v I
shrluker, drill, etc. Golden Gai'e ay j. and
pREAM SEPARATOR (NO. •- BABY 1: IV TTaP
\J only 4 months; $80; cost 150- new Anmv
169 second st. , S. ••'. ' vv r
ODA FOUNTAIN, $90: COST $201 APPLY
159 Second s:.. S. V . , . • AtrM
<£.;: FEMALE, THOROUGHBRED FOX-TER-
«I)U. rier pup; finely marked; 4 months eld-
pedigree given. Address Doc, box 41, Call Office.
LOT OF OLD FINE VIuLINS FOR BALE
XJ cheap. Inquire 410 Kearny st., room 10.
ffifOK HANDSOME, ROLL-ruP CHERRY
is>OO. office de*k; cost $85. 1524 Pacific st.
6 -FOOT PORCELAIN BATHTUBS $iO EaCH^
in perfect order. H. a. WHITE, 516 MlsslorA
"V[EW CA.sH-H^CUSTEKS FUK SALk. UR TO
J.l renu MAGUIRK, 130 Sansoroo su, room 9.
UILKRS,KNI>INES,2D-U AN MACHINERY
4-* water-pipes. Alclntosh & Wolpman. 137 Heal*
VINE BLACK hUIT ; »12 60. MIbFIT CLOTH-
X: Ing parlors. 513 Montgomer/ su I
COM- EE MILL. SCALES, LETTER PBES3L
stand desk, money till, safe; cheap. 102 Clay.
EARS. SHOWCASES,; COUNTERS, SHELV-
ing, etc., bought and sold. 1063 Mission, nr. 7th.
T AhOE DOUBLE COMPARTMENT COLN'
XJ bank safs; cheap. 8 Mission su
>. ARSL . BACH. BARS, MIRRORS, SHOW-
i> cases, counters, linoleum, office furniture.
•tore and office turnUure and fixtures, new ana
second hand. J. KOONAuf, iOl7-10itt-10i!l-lu2j
Mission it, above Sixth. . , • , .
Nf l ) V c EL , MWO H? RANGES ARE THE BEST.
Xi W. a BAY MFQ. CO.. 12 California su ■>
NE SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE-SIZS
flr» and burglar proof safe. 109-111 Market su
CABPET CLEANING. V
pARPET-CLEANINO, 3o: LATINO, 3c: RUO
\J samples free; teL Jessie 944. Stratton, 3 Bth su
pARPET* CLEANED. RENOVATED LIKE
\J new. J. MCQUEEN, 463 Stevenson. Tel. 8.228.
CITY STEAM CARPET CLEANING WOKK4-
cleans, moves, lays carpets. - O. H. STEVEN.-i
Jigr. 38 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 260.
W' HEN YuCßlifuM = DL>GUSTEI> WITH
»' poor work send toSPAULDING'S PloneerCar- '
pet-beating Works. 363-57 Tehama st. ; tel. So. wj
aDVA-NCK «-ARPET-Ci.EANUV«* Ctt, 40J
A gutter; tel. Main 394. . GEO. WALCOM, prop!
CARPETS CLEANED* RENOVATED LIKiS
new. 23T»nth;teL South 36. Mackintosh ACq
J" WATTS, reliable oarpet-cleanlug renovte.' alter-
. atlon works. 413 McAllister. TeL Jessie 32L
** . - 240 . 14th su ; cleaning 3c a yard. TeL MlaT? '£
(;°ii. K^ri' * ;AKI ' aT - beating workT
V 333 Golden Gate aye. Telephone Kast l2tt. i ►
s-V- : ■ ■- HOTELS... '..-
BROOKLYN HOTEL, 208-212 BtTsw «t
JD board and room *1W $2 P^da, L s6 H to $li
per Week; choice rooms 60 cents to *1- suits
looms for famUy $i to *1 50 per nleht- arat-claaiHOUSES TO tET.
If) 7 PERRY, BET. THIRD AND FOURTH-
XV I 6 large su.ny rooms, bath : reasonable.
I AROAIN— MUST SELL; NEW HOI'SB: 5
I • rooms and lot 50x125- >. V. water; outhouse;
nice garden. App yat 250 Lobos su', Ocean View.
/ 1 TWENTY-SEVENTH — HOUSE 6 KOOMB
I 1 and bath; stationary tul»s in annex. next to
I kitchen; electric-cars at comer and Val^ncia-su
Vine next bock; n cozy. comfortable home tor
family and good tenants will be appreciated: 917,"
vat^rtree: key at grocery. MaDISON BURi».E,
Agents.
91*?'-i mason, near Lombard— B- room '
*"^*"' J house and bath; newly renova.ed: rent |
cl *'"*"1*" . '*"'"",.•
SUXNY 10-ROOJI HOUSKi MODERN IM-
-0 provemen s; low rent. 35'J'J Nineteenth st-
A ROOMS AND KITCHEN; FIRST FLOOR.
1 "XI Na:oma st.. near fourth. '
WASHINGTON— 7 ROOMS: BATH;
Z,«JUa first-class condition and location; large
garden.
HOUSKS TO BENT FOR VERY LITTLE
money at BALDWIN & HOWELL'S, 10
Montgomery st.
I 990 BUSH — SUNNY HOUSE; 0 ROOMS:
■> —— U yard; rent reasonable to a good tenant.
Qt i(\ 1731 BROADWAY, NKAR (iOUGH-8
(Ply, 100 ms; every convenience: marine view.
■ ■ = I
FURNISHED HOUSES.
"I7INELY FURNISHED UPl'Fn FLAT IN
-T Western Addition: * larce sun'iy rooms and
bath: rent 840. Address K. F., box 74. Call Office. I
-I Af\(' GROVE ST. — FURNISHED HOUSE 10 i
I "JUU rooms and bath: large garden, stable, 1
etc. : rent n-asonab'e. Apply on premise* or G. H.
UMB^KN, IS Mor.lironiery st. .-•••-. ! ,;
- !
JrUKNISHED FLATS.
.-FURNISHED MODERN FLAT, a OR
116 rooms; 251 3 Sutler si. Apply 12 to 2.
aQ» UPFEB FLAT: 1650b HAVES ST., 1
JJ^Oi), block from park p»nhandle: 7 rooms;
bath: laundry. WM. NH'OL. fiSi^-j California.
COTTAGES TO LET. j
SUNNY COTTAGE: 5 KOOMS: BATH, GAB-
den: very desirable home. 3527 Eighteenth 1
St., near Church.
L /COTTAGE, 5 BOOMS, BATH. LAUNDRY;
* \J chicken-yard: line marine view; large lot; gar-
y den. 181t3 (ireen St., bet. Octavia and Laguna.
QIC NICE COTTAGF.; 5 ROOMS; BATH;
<UJ«J. sunny; yard: cellar. Key 711 Treat aye.
SUNNY COTTAGKS OF 4 AND 5 ROOMS,
bath; basement and yard; cheap. Cor. Dolores
and fifteenth bis.
TO LET- COTTAGE 5 ROOMS AND BATH;
rent 918. 449 Bryant st.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — TUB
xi WEEKLY CALL. In ivracrjer. for mallins
FLATS TO LET;
SUNNY UPPER FLAT 5 ROOMS; ALL CON- j
venlencea. 606 Shrader St., between Ha.gbt
and Page; 1 block irom park.
A 071 HAIGHT. NEAR FILLMORE— FLAT
*xO 1 3 4 large sunny rooms; yard: basement;
*11.
SE. COR. HAVES AND LAGUNA—
love upper flat ; 7 rooms and bath; suitable
for doctor or dentist: sun nil Jay.
Q.-I r LOWER FLAT: 543 CASTRO, NEAR
«IrJ '). 19th: 5 rooms: porcelain oath.
Q]9 FLAT OF 3 LARGK ROOMS; LAKGE
O X*-. yard. 212i /3 Eleventh st., near Howard.
Q-l C I.O«KK FLAT: 1411 GUERRERO,
Ci" 1 near 26th; 5 rooms; porcelain bath. -
CIO Crt SUNNY 9- ROOM FLA I : UPPKR.
tJ-L— .O\J. 2821-i Clara st.. near Sixth.
MODERN BAY-WINDOW CORNER FLAT: 5
largo rooms; separate entrance; cheap. 1101
Bryant st.
9 NEW UPPER SUNNY MODERN irLATS.
— 935 Golden Gate aye. and 615 Grove st.
LAT TO LET— S ROOMS. BATH; LATEST
improvement*. 291-tti California st. ■•.,';■
9nA(« AND 2016 HOWARD ST.. BET. 6IX-
— UUU teenth and Seventeenth— Flats. 8 and 9
rooms and bath, new. rent $25; flats, 5 and 6
rooms and bath, on Howard st., near Sixteenth,
rent 91 2 50.
"1 7 NEW. FLATS AND 9 SEW HOUSES
X I ready April 10; low rents. SPECK <fc CO.,
j 602 Siarktt . St.
\ 191 9 AND 1220 MISSION, BET. EIGHTH
\ -I *- J — and Ninth— 9 rooms and bath; rent $40.
ffl»9Jr SUNNY FLAT 6 ROOMS, CAKPKTED
0 — »-'» and cooking range. Keys 828 Lombard.
Q-IJAND »18: NEW FLATs; NF. COR.
<?!" Go;den Gate aye. ana Lyon St.; 5 and 6
rooms and bath each: all modern conveniences;
newly painted aiid decorated; see them. KHAIK-
WALD, BUCKBiiE & CO., 218-220 Montgomery
street.
<Sj."IJ 14 ELLIOT PARK, OFF STEINEE ST.,
O-L"l. near O'Farrell ; ntc*i house of 6 rooms
and bath, worth 95: good yard and neichborhood;
wpter free: good condition. sHAINWALD,
BUCKBKE &CO., 218-220 Mo .tgomery st.
©9/1 6 LARGE ROOMS; 2 STORY, WITH
O^U. large yard and stable; 4144 Twenty- fifth
su, near Castro.
918— 6 rooms: porcelain bath; 1417 Guerrero
St.. near Twenty-sixth.
916— 5 rooms; porcelain bath; 542 a Castro st.,
near Nineteenth. -:'•:•
9 ROOMS AND BATH; 61 HERMANN ST.,
cor. ttevenson; $20 per month; all sunny.
1 QO^ BUSH-FINELY FURNISHED SUN-
XO\JO ny upper flat 5 rooms; bath; laundry;
rent reasonable.
LATS TO LET FOR VERY LITTLE
money at BALDWIN & HOWJEJLL'S, 10 Mont-
gomery st.
pHEAP MODERN FLATS, b AND 6
\J rooms. 98 to 916: «ri> them. 523 Seventh st.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
iiryant Street.
430 B a nt-sunny" room?, FURNISH-
-IO\J ed for housekeeping; also single rooms.
Buchanan StreVt.
f\o9 B Y CH AN A N-SUNN V BAY-WINDOW.
\>\J& and small kitchen. l; with large, 915.
fcush Street
OTA BUSH-NICE NEWLY FURNISHED
U1 1 sunny rooms: convenient lor housekeei>-
lng; reasonable. '
— i
t'app Street.
(nrr CAPP-3 furnished rooms with i
UOO bath, suitable for housekeeping- terms rest
('luu bath, suitable for housekeeping; terms rea- '
FOaable.
Cleveland Street.
I 9 CLEVELAND, OFF 7TH, NX. FOLSOM- I
■*-** Front sunny furnish'd housekeplng suite, »9. |
Eddy Street.
017 EDDY- VERY MCELY FURNISHED
t/X I sunny, connecting housekeeping rooms. '
Eighth street.
•I AQEIGHTH-COMPLETELY FURNIPHF.D !
J \J<J housekeeping rooms; also, single rooms
cheap. . ■
li: in mi'do;.
1 07 nFTH— PLEASANT SUNNY UNFUR-
XVI nished rooms to let. '' : .; •
4901 FIFTH-FKONT~ROOM AND KITCH.
tl<i-«J3 en furnished for housekeeping cheap.
Fillmore Street.
©10 3 SUNNY UNFURNISHED BOOMS;
Ci" 1 good yard. 2212 Fillmore st., near Clay.
Folfcom sirew..
704 FOLSOM-2 OR 3 -MCE SUNNY FRONT
I V 7 I housekeeplu: rooms, furnished or unfur-
nished. -
Q7A FOLBOM-NU-E SUNNY FURNISHED
*J i^Z rooms; bousekeep^; private family: cheap.
Fimon Street. '
-1 (\O FULTON- FURNISHED CONNECTING
-!"*-» room for housekeeping; nan. etc.
. Golden Gato Avenue.
£9ft GOLDEN OATKAVE.-2 OR 3 ROOMS,
UZ.U sunny, fron., complete forhousekeeplng.
ony GOLDtN GATE AYE. -LARGE AL-
n\JO cove and parlor, Kitchen and otber^ooms.
KHyde Street.
OAQ HYDK-4 HJKMSHED ROOMS FOR
-UO housekeeping; cornple c.
Jessie Street.
1 OC'K JESSIE. NR.~FTFrH-3 FURNISHED
1 •)'lt I housekeeping rooms: rent 915. .
\ ones Street.
C-I Q JOWK*— SUNNY FfOOB OF 3 ROOMS
"-IC furnished for hontekeeping: 10 a. k. to 5
P. M-
SiHfion Street.
1 MASON-3 UN FUBNISHED SUNNY
J.UV/O rooms for housekeeping. -
HOUSEKEEPING • ROOSTS — Continued.
McAllister Street.
499 McAllister — house keeping ;
tlZ«i. also single rooms-
illDnn Street.
4Q MINNA- TITO NICELY FURNISHED
«J"iO sunny housekeeping rooms.
:"—'.' • Mission Street.
OCA MISSION, NR. THIRD-HOUSKKEEP-
DDI ing rooms for 2or 3.0r flat ; bath, telephone.
>moma Stree:.
KPjt NATOMA— 2 sri I'ESOF HOUSKKEEP-
xjOO ins rooms: rent * 8 and $9 per month.
rj *~\ NATOMA —HOUSEKEEPING AND
• 'll other roi me to let; cor. Ninth and Natoma.
Ninth Street.
9-1 NINTH-SUNNY WINDOW ROOMS
— I for light housekeeping; running water.
Oak Street.
yJQOAK-»10: UNFURNISHED DOUBLE
lv panorj: first floor; sink aud place for stove.
*.•'! ..rre i suoj«
O9Q O'FARRKLL, NEAR VaN NESS— FUR-
*/ —•) njshed basement, kitchen and sunny yard;
for houseKeeping; cheap. ; ..
1 Oik street.
£AP: POLK — HOUSEKEEPING; ALCOVE i
UV«) Mines; kitchen; double parlors; bath; gas;
cheap.
lon-ell Street.
Ql Q POWELL, SrTcZaY- 'ROOMS UN-
t7Xt7 furnished for housekeeping: top floor.
' >«• \ «-nt h street.
1 AC) SEVENTH (GIRABD)— SUITES AND
li- kitchens ;also single rooms; newly renovated
Silver Street.
In~ SILVER, NEAR FOURTH — RUNNY
lUt) front room and kitchen; furnished fur
housekeeping.
htocicton Street.
"I rj. STOCKTON (EUKOPEAN HOUSK)— NICE
•II front suite and kitchen: reasonable rent.
fjll STOCKTON, NR. PINE— OF 2
v) I X large front unfurnished rooms; furnished
front room.
1 7/jQ STOCKTON— 2 CONNECTING ROOMS
X 4UO furnished complete for housekeeping;
yard; cheap. . _ ," V ..-, •
'lay lor street.
f)A(\ TAYLOR— SUNNY FURNISHED BASE
mm iVJ ment for housekeeping: 3 rooms.
iliird stree:.
"I "I Q THIRD — DOUBLE BOOM. 96: FCR-
X X V nished front housekpg rooms, cheap rent.
Twenty -fifth Street.
dl QR TWENTY-FIFTH. NEAR CASTRO— 3
i i OO nice sunny rooms, with bath, suitable for
man and wife: no children: carpets, curtains, hot
and cold water, gas: appreciated it seen.
ilC'l TWE * TV- FIFTH. fkw doors east
*i I «J— of Castro — 2 sunny unfurnished rooms
suitable for licht bousekeep.n?: no children; bath
and launary; ladies only, rent S6 a month.
Washington Street.
AO WASHINGTON -SUNNY UKFUB-
«JU«- uished housekeeping rooms running water.
Miscellaneous.
p:97 MONTGOMERY, COR. CLAY — OPEN
*->_ i until 9:3>< o'clock: branch office ot Tan
i ail; tut^crlptioris and want ads taken.
ROOMS TO LET.
California Street.
CAR CALIFORNIA — SUNNY, FURNISHED
• v'O rooms; bay view; central location; gas and
bath.
1-ddy street.
1 -I Q EDDY— NEAT, SUNNY BOOM; BUN-
XXO nlng water; for gentleman ; 96 60.
-I "I Q EDDY — ELEGANT FRONT BUITE;
IIC other sunny, clean rooms, $5 up: no tran-
sient.
9I rr EDDY — NICE DOUBLE I'ARLORS;
-1 I rent very reasonable; or suitable for office.
1 1 EDDY. OPP. J> FFER^ON :-Q_UAkE-
JIJ-O\J Sunny furnished room suitable for 2: ref.
A-JCl'th street.
EIGHTH. NKAR FOLSOM-3 LABGK
OxxJ rooms; rent 10. . '.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE. 28 BTH
el, near Market: turntshed and unfurnished.
r Q;Z~-y •?£■:!- --..-■ street. , • ,
POYAL HOUSE. 126 ELLIS— INCANDES-
Xt cent ligbis: reading-room, smoking-room and
ladles' parlor: rooms per . night. 35c to $ 1 50:
week. $2 to 98: month, $8 to 930; elevator on
cilice floor; rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
ROYAL EAGLE, OPP. BALDWIN— NEWLY
furnished suites: single; elevator, heaters, cc.
79-1 ELLIS— SUNNY ROOM WITH CLOSET,
I — .X use of bath, In private family; rent 95.
I'll tn Street.,
THE COSMOPOLITAN - SELECT FAMILY
X hote): 100 Fifth st., cor. Mission; rooms
bOc, 75c and 91 per night: 92 to S3 per week.
Fifteenth Street.
9-1 OR FIFTEENTH, NORTH OF MARKET—
-IOUi nicely furnished sunny front bedroom;
Chance for light cooking; stable If required.
fourth Streec
O1 n FOURTH - 2 bUNNY CONNECTING
• ) 1 U front rooms .with use of piano, $10 and 9&;
both $15; other sunny rooms, cheap.
1 uiion Street.
3 FULTON (FULTON HOUSE) — NICELY
furnished rm»; single or en suite; 98 & 91 tJ up.
Geary Street.
91 7 GEARY. UNION SQUARE — SUNNY
mmL I rooms suitable for Dullness.
Golden Gate Avenue.
1 ACIA GOLDEN GATE AYE.— NICE FUR-
XTcU"i nishel room for two: rent $5. •
Hayes Street.
£97 HAVES— LARGE front room with
U_ I or without board in private family: terms
reasonable. -
'■' : :. ■■";. •'.'• Howard Street.
7Q9 HOWARD — LARGE SUNNY FRONT
4 •)— bay-window room; furnished; suitable for
man and wife: rent low.
V .ion.-- street.
-1 n JONES— SUNNY BOOM FOR 1 OR 2
iJJ O people: newly furnished; #2 50 week.
■: ■ r.k Kearny Street.
A RLINGTON HOUSE. 127 KEABIfY —
-'V Pleasant sunny rooms, eD suite and single; first
class In every respect: terms reasonable.
Lukin Street.
PLf) A LaBKIN, COR. • TURK— FURNISHED
O\J \J sunny corner room; reasonable.
1 9fJQ PARKIN-NICE FURNISHED BACK
XZ.VO room; rent 94. r;*} ;
■' 2iu. k»»t street.
YCRF.MITK HOUSK. 1046 MARKET- PEB
night, 86c to $1 : week, 91 50 t0 95: families.
Mason Streec.
A] o mason, off NATIVE sons 1 HALL— I
o:x o more xunny room, furnished; . 96 month.
lulling • ■ ;««.,
999 mink a — nTckly furnished
£j~j-. rooms; suitable 2 gentlemen; aisj single
rooms. '
AO l MIX NA , NEA R^SIXTH-NICELY FUR-
"3 t»x nished 6uany front rooms, 9& to 99 month;
hot baths. . •. v
Blission btreet.
HANCOCK HOUSK, 7«1 MISSION-. FELECT
family roomlng-huuse: 9 1 50 to 96 per week.
lfWl3 MISSION — FURNISHED FRONT
X\J\iyJ suites; others; no objection to children.
?\- J r Ninth Street.
"I dm NINTH ST.'-LAfIGE, NEATLY FUR- i
X«JU2 nished front room, sunny bay-window;
mantel and grate; $Uto -8.
. I ost Strees.
RANrOLPH HOUSE. POST AND MASON
It sts.— so bay-window parlors; smaller rooms:
gas, running water, etc. 91 50 to 94 per week.
" -,'; ■. •" i owe i >>reo..
9"! 9-214 POWELL (WILLISFORD)-NEWLY
— 1 _ furnished, sunny rooms; telephone.
Shipley Street.
907 SHIPLEY, NEAR SIXTH- A SINGLE
~O I -front room furnished, fur a lady only, ob-
ject, an hour's com piny lor laly la the evening-
reut very low. Apply after br. x. ■
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 9, 1597.
ROOMS TO LET- Continued.
Maun Street. ;
9 A SIXTH. NEAR MARKET— NICELY FUR-
ni.-he'l sunny front suite..- ... ,  
QQ SJXTH— THK UILLSDALE-QUIET, SUN-
-00 ny single rooms; transients so;ici.ed.
■1 «lfr SIXTH-CHEAPEST IN THE CITY;
XZ«J double and single fro.it rooms. ■■■•. .■•■,. :•="-;.
Stevenson Street.
7QO STEVENSON. NX. NINTH AND MAR-
I Uti ket— 2 large, sunny, nicely furnished par-
lor-, en suite or single; cheap.
Mockton Place.
rriHE EUROPEAN, 17 STOCKTON— FUR-
-1 nlsticri rooms, single, "91 50 to $H per week;
suites, $4 to 89 per week ; by the night, 5Uc to $'«';
hot and cold water, bath and elevator.
Turk Street.
I"IOT U R X — LAP.GE SUNNY SUITES
-L ill handsomely furnished: single: board optnl
Taylor Street.
1 HQ TAYLOR-LABGK aUNNY BOOMS, 97
X"« 7 and 99. •
Third Street.
IMPERIAL, 17 - THIRD — NICELY FUR-
X ulshed rooms: tourists a specialty: transient.
Twenty-first Street.
0009 twenty-fibTtTcob. guebrero-
t)l)l '- Sunny bay-window suites and single,
with board: reasonable. . .
\ v >>««• Avenun.
1 dO(i VAN NESS AVK.-ELEGANT FUR-
X IUU Dished or unfurnished sunny rooms. .
Miscellaneous.
SW. COR. SIXTEEN I H ST., NEAR MISSION:
branch office of Tun Call, (subscriptions and
want ads taken.
BOAKDIKO and BOOMS.
0009 TWENTY-FIKSI, COR. GUERRERO—
«J»Jt7«- Bay-window suites or single; furnished
or unfurnished. MRS. A. *. BkaM.
09?. FAIK OAKB-;NICKLY FURNISHED
«J— 'J sunny bay-window roo«a, auilab.e for '£
persons, with board; reasonable. -
OAQ VAN NE>>S AYE.— NEWLY FUR-
OVO nlsbed tunny rooms or suite, with board.
-91 POST— SUNNY ROOM FOR 2: FINE
Omml board, $<0: also single rooms: good home.
HOTEL FAIRMOUNT, 1714 MARKET-NOW
XX open under new management; has been ar-
tistiiaily tinted, papered aud elegautlv furnished
throughout: hot and cold water in every room :
elevators and every modern convenience; parties
now can have choice 01 carpets and fui ni.ure; the
table, under the supervision of Kowaskle, the
well-known French chef, will be unsurpassed.
719 POST — 1 LARGE SUNNY ■ FRONT
I 1- room, with board: also sing c room.
1 d()\ VAN - NES!i > COH - BUtiH-PARLOB
XT.V/X suites; single and double rooms; board.
HOTEL Bh.RTLI.NG. 714 B. SH-A FAMILY
hotel: refrrencei: all modern conveniences.
(ll!llii;i.\ BOARDED. ;X
PLEASANT HOME FOR CHILD; MOTHER'S
X care: terms reasonable. Call 5 Stanley place,
off Harrison st.
ANTED-l OR 2 CHILDREN TO BOARD;
»» good care. Apply 274 Crescent aye., above
Thirty -fourth su
T\ ANTK«< — A BABY TO BOARD; CAN FUR-
»» Dish references. 266 Thirteenth st.
PLEASANT HOME FOR CHILD AT 1727 Mo
X Alllster st. j terms reasonable.
STORES TO LET.
STORE TO LET— SW. COR. PACIFIC AND
Leaveii worth sts.; suitable for drugstore or
general merchandise. Apply 16*5 Leavenwortn.
$1O STORE; 6 LIGHT ROOMS; ESTAB-
J O. llshed saloon 12 yrs. 911 Folsom.nr.Flfth.
CIGAR-STORE WITH FIXTURES TO LET;
1739 Mission. Inquire next door.
TOBE-2 SHOW WINDOWS AND •_» ROOMS:
rent cheap. 1802 Howard si., cor. Fourteenth.
mAILOR>HOP. WITH 4 ROOMS: PRINCIPAL
X street. San Rafael. J.CA KTl.box SOS.ban Rafael.
FOR RENT— BARBER-SHOP; FINK LOCA-
t on: cheap rent. Apply to CAlf i DUNN,
1200 Market st.
7 ARGE STORE, 2 SHOW WINDOWS' AND
Xj 4 large rooms: rent nn y 922 60 422 Sixth.
OFFICES TO LET,
I'IXK Ht-XNY OFFICES, 860 MARKET ST.;
X well suited for professional men or club.
O<JC POWELL, CORNER UEARY— NEWLY
*- — *J renovated sunny parlor suite: furnished or
partly.
MEDICAL.
ALL CASES OF MONTHLY SUPPRESSION
(from whatever cans?) restored In a lew
hours: safe and sure at any time; Instant relief for
travelers; home In confinement; best care and
privacy; regular physician; 30 year*' successful
practice: my celebrated remedies for monthly
suppression never fall: every Case guaranteed :con-
snliatlon free, confiden hour* 10 to 5: pills sL
MRS. Dit. WYiSTH, 818 Post St.. near Larlcln. .
DX. J. H. JO^bELYN, THE GREAT bPECIAL-
-Ist, still offers his valuable services to the un-
lortnnaie. With a mind ma ured and enricbed by
studies of an advanced order, there is hardly a
disease lv the catalogue of human ills be cannot
treat to a perfect cure. Ladles, he is always ready
to assist you. His knowledge has been strength-
ened by extensive experience. No case peculiar
to your delicate organism Is beyond his sure con-
trol. His female monthly remedies are sure and i
tHte In tbelr eff -cti. His tried and valuable reme-
dies for lost manhood are never-falling In their
action, ana are warranted for both youn< and old.
tie excels all others in the cure of private diseases.
over 6U years of practice enab.es him to warrant
a cure la all cases. Consultation parlors, yoti
Market ■••. Call or write direct to 'JOti Market at,
rooms 11 and la.
A PROCESS THAT IS PERFECTLY HARM-
ires; never falls in any case of monthly sick-
ness, no motter what cause: no electricity bum-'
Dug or other dangerous methods; money In every
case refunded if a cure is not effected: traveler*
telped Immediately; rears' experience; home lv
confinement with saniterian convenience. Con-
sult free the only reliable physicians, DR. AND
MRS. iuVIKs, 14 McAllister su, next UlberuU
Bank: hours, 9a.m. to 5 and 7to 8 km. •
A. SjiW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE OR IN-
Btrnment vied: every woman her own physi-
cian for all female troubles, no matter from what
cause; restores always in one day; can be sent
and used a: home; positive cure; genuine new
process can only be had at my office; advertised
20 years. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
A PROCESS THAT NEVER FAILS TO RE-
store every case of monthly sickness from
whatever cause In a few hours when msdlctnes
and others have failed; no instruments used:
many years' experience: every case guaranteed;
advice free; terms reasonable; first-class private
home for confinement. MRS. DR. DALEY. 1123
Market st., over the Owl Drugstore.
R. FOULKTS FRENCH CAPSULES— \
guaranteed absolute cure for all , female dis-
ease* (no macter what cause): positively safe and
sure; no danger or after effects: taken In Urn* lt
also acts as a preventive: price -$1 60 per box;
bent free by mall on receipt vi price. WAU.UU
BROS.. 23 Grant are.
DX. AND MBS. WKGESER, 526 EDDY ST.:
private home; every comfort: separate rooms
before and during confinement: female complaints
skillfully treated; regular physician: quick relief
for tiavelers: test care: terms moderate: bable.t
adopted in good families; consultation free; pills ?'£
R& I.OODWIN, SPECIALISTS. LADIES
near or far; safe, quick cure guaranteed, e.ny
disease or complain:: home for patients: best skill.
lree diagnosis; low fees; eeif-cure. 401 Van Ness
A LPEAU'B FRENCH PILLS-A BOON TOLA-
Jtx. dies with it-male troubles; nodauger; safe and
sure: $•_' 60expre.«» C O. IX; don't delay until too
late. CSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland:Cul.
A bURE CURE FOR ALL FEMALE DIS.
-*V eases "rom whatever cans-: a home In con-
finement with every comfort; satlsfactlou guar-
anteed by MRS. OW.YER, 226 Tur* at.
ALL FEMALE toil PLAINTS AND I>IS-
XX. ease* of the eye permanently cured at MRS.
DR. KCOTTy, 410 Geary st -..consultation free.
DU PRAK'o FEMALK KKUULATIMi PILLS;
safe and efficient eminenacogue; $1 per box.
RICHARDS d- CO.,druggists. 408 Clay si.,soleacts.
OKT FAIL TO COHhULT if A. JuhJJAN AT
JL/ his museum, 1051 Marie--, st : his »0 year*
successful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment;
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mail.
Ni»URPAMsED REMEDIES FOR FEMALE
U troubles; diseases. MKaDK.PUETZ,2S4y 4th.
OMK, A FRIEND AND MOTHER'S CARE
MRS. DR. i X NKK. 1416 i-.ißhth St.. Alamedx
I R. UAJLX, 14 MCALLISTER STREET. Nh.Aa
.1 ' Jones. ■ Diseasej of women and childreo.
, STORAGE.
ST' "It AUK- ROOMS, 25x10. *3 PER MONTH;
rooms 10x12, s*2; new ana dry. DECKEU.
1020 Marke. St.
REDUC D KATES, t'LKXITUnK, PIANOS,
XV hoturholM goods, •.c. J.M . ciliKCtf, 735 Mkb
PROFESSIONAL CARDS.
JOHN E. RICHARD^ LA W OFFICES. P.OOiH
«l 26 and 27, Crocket • biuluiii*^- Mltpneu« Hmu»
IS, ban Francisco, Wai. •
PERSONALS.
IN APRIL, -1896, THE UNDEBSIG.NED BE-
X fired from the firm of Hag*n Bros. (M. M. &
Louis iiagan) ami was apcolnted San Francisco
•gent for the Lancashire Insurance Company
LOUIS HAG AN, 322 California s?., S. F. ,
CCTOR (EXPERIENCED) WANTS GOOD
country location, or position. D. 12., box 117
this office.  '
TRY US ON YOUR NEXT SUIT: MODERN
1 tailoring: lowest prices. 216 Kearny, ups'.airs.
pHEUMATISH curkd OR MONEY Ka>
It 11 tided: poor treated free. 305 Eddy si.
ME." ROWLAND. PALMIST; MAGNETIC
treatments a specialty. Room 1, 223 Post st.
AVK -*OUK HOUSK PAINTKD WITH Al
stock, do dope or fish oil : rooms papered 92
Dp wniteiiea,9lsoup pn»iered,gralued,va nlghed.
$5 up. AMBnOSE & bCUAAV, lOl'9 Kearny su
» DVICE FRKE; DIVORCE LAW- A i*PEC-
XV laity; private; no fee without success pro-
bate, insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale'
carnages, etc. : private detectives, estab. 10 years.
G.W.HOWE, ai:y-at-law. «50 Market.cor.Btocktn
A DIE EVANS' COSMETIC PARLORS RE-
moved to 7 i;rnnt aye., rooms 1, 2 and 3,
MMX. MYRTLE PUTTER REMOVED FBOM
1362 Market st. to S3 Sixth, room 17.
milE OIL OF LIKE."
1 VITA Oil* as its name Indicates, Is a life-giver
and life-saver: cures sprain*, bruises, lameness
and soreness:' *1 a bottle, 6 for 95, 910 a gallon-
charges prepaid. Address 15c3 BUCHANAN ST.
—— , 1
EVERY FORM
Hi of chronic disease, nervous, mental and vital
including I.HEUMATISM, speedily and perma-
nently cured by DX. SMITH'S ELECTBo-M \G-
M'.lu RATuS. Don't wait too long. Hygienic
board: suuny rooms. 1633 BUCHANAN ST.
RELIABLE AND EFFICIENT DKTECTIVE
XV service. P.i oms 19. 20 and 21, Chronicle Dldg.
-1 Ann BUSINESS CAKDB PRINTED. 91 50;
J,vUU show cards, etc. HILL, 2. y Geary St.
ME. LEONA— BKAUTY I'AKLOHS: GEN-
ulne magnetic treatments. Km. 3, 995 Market
PRIVATE DETECTIVE WUKK DONE REA-
X voDable: 10 years' experience: all maters
confidential. O.R. WEBSTER, 1027 Market, rm.tf.
T AMMAKI G ENLARGEMENTS AND IM-
X provements all the time; constantly Increas-
ing patronage will allow me to do It; the very best
bklr-dre3<iiig in the city 25c, no variation;
switches, 91 and 92; best hair, grays included,
92 60 and 93. G. LEDEKER, 111 Stockton St.,
nearest Geary.
MISS JESsIE AND LIZZIE KEEGaN, LATE
!VI with G. Lederer. expert hairdresser, ayeln-
and bleaching » specialty. 124V2 O'Farreli St..
phono Brown 353.
SUITS TO ORDER ON INSTALLMENTS; $1
a week. N. Y. Tailoring Co., 115 Keamy. upstairs
TWO RENOWNED ITALIAN KEsTAU-
rants combined: F. DELMUNTE A CO.. pro-
prietors of the old Ruon Gusto Restaurant, 441
1 roadway, have consolidated with MR. ANUELO
DKLMONTK, proprietor of the celebrated Fior
d'ltalla at 430-432-434 Broadway, just opposite.
HUFSCHMIDT. SANITARY PLUMBER,
• gaslitter. 623 Golden Gate ay. TeL,Sutter47L
\\ ALLPAPEB AT COST -.PAINTING. PAPF.B-
-"» banging ami Interior decorations our specialty;
best workmen only. "MEKIGAN," 1302 Webster.
AGMSCOPE - NEW I'BOJECTING MA-
il chine; us- s the klnetoscope lilms: price re-
duced. 9150- BACIGALI PI, 946 Market su
V I A DOZEN— FIN caw.Nlio <.*• \iiw
«]px SUN'S uallery. lO'.'S Market
810 OUTDOOf. bTKRt-OPTICON SHOW EVE-
X> ry eight cor. Market and Sixth sts.; artistic ad-
vertisements la living light; promoters of bust-
cess. consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market st.
'97 aIONTGOMKrtY ST., BRANCH OFFICE
t)_ i biIUKULL, waul ads aua buuscriptloaj
taken.
|. AKTINGTON'a PCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
X and Newspaper Illustration: particulars as to
terms, etc.. 424 Pine si-; Illustrations :uruisaoa
for magazines, newspapers, etc.
TIUPTUKE A.MJ PILES CUKKD: NO PAY
It until cured: send 1 for book. DBS, ' Mas*
FIELD & PORTKRFIELD. 838 Market, st.
ELKCTRIC LIGHI.-i IN EVEKY ROOM-
Winchester Honss. 44 Third su, nr. Market;
i.OO rooms. 25c to 91 50 per night: 91 50 to 96 par
week ; free bos and baggage to and from the terry.
CLOAKS, FUKbA.M/ aUli's KKTAILKD Al'
wholesale cric«"i Factor?. '20 Stnwme st.
DRESSMAKERS.
DRESSES FROM $2 50 UP: CAPES. 91 UP;
wrappers. 50c up. 431 Minna st.
» CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DX. F. (.LARK, THE WORLD'S MOST
famous medium of modern times. Don't fall
to tse her if you are interested la tba affairs of life:
if marriage, sickness, deaths, changes, travels, di-
vorces, separations, lawsuits,' business transac-
tions, wills, deeds and mortgages, lost or stolen
piopertjr, lost or absent iriends, Interest you: If
you care to know what you should do to be nuc-
ressful, where you should go and whom to avoid,
when to buy and sell s'.o.ks, etc.; in a word, what-
ever may be your trouble, suspicions or desires,
call on ibis gifted woman and she will send you
away happier, wiser and bolder than ever before.
Hours 9a. m. to Br. m., strict. Iff. B— Satisfaction
guaranteed by mall. Send stamp for pamphlet,
special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, 1206 Mar-
ket st., parlors 25 and id. Take elevator.
MMX. OK THOMAS. &CJKNI IFIC REVEAL-
er by eggs and cards: tells entire life, past,
present, lutnre; consultations on ail affairs: notb-
int; ezcepted; names given; good advice: tor*
help: restores lost love by aympatby; mlsUUce lra-
poaslble: fee *1; letter *i t'J'J Post st., nr L&rtcio.
ME. LE NORMAND, WEIRD WIZARDESS
of tbe we rid: life charts; trance character
delineations, ?- 50; readings, 25c; by maul $1.
1 I'oik st. .
13ENOWNED GERM AN. FORTUNE-TELLER,
XV returned from Europe: life, cradle to grave: pic-
ture husband, wife; fee soc up. 116 a Grant av.,r 19.
MMf.. MELBOURNE. GIFTED CLAIRVOY-
ant; never falls; call and be convinced. 419
Geary St., room 22, second floor; only 25c.
ME. LF.GOETTE. LIFe-RKADER; BUSl-
ness advice; friendship restored; one price,
25c. ail Tehaina st., near Fourth.
ME. MORKAU, BEST FORTUNE-TELLER
and card-reader; 25c up. 761 Howard st. '
MISS PEARL RAYMOND. FROM THE
East; magnetic treatment. 7 Grant aye., r. 7.
ME. RAVEN A READS LIFE FLUENTLY;
business advice: names given; 2&c up.s Fourth
OK A VOYANT. CARD READ-
JVi and palmist. lltiy Mission St., bet. 7iband Bth
MISS MELVILLE. WELL-KNOWN CLAlR-
voyant. 51 Fifth St.: water readings specialty.
G 1 * PSY LIFE- READER, 3 BKVENH ST.;
VJt ladies 25c, cents 50c: all questions answered.
ME. SYBILLE TKLLSFROM CRADLK TO
grave; pictures civeu:Udles *Jsc; 014 O'FarraU.
SPIRITUALISM.
T ADIKS' AID, 418 MCALLISTER BT., TEST
-Lj meeting to-nlgUt; 10c; Mines. Mayo steers,
Lad, F 1 nla a n. ' • "A /
CV. MILLER: KTHEREALIZING.MATERI-
• alizing; trumpet seance to-night atB; 25c 35
Post si. • '
MX. OSMAN, SPIRITUAL TRANCK MKDl-
utn: lite readings, love affairs, business Invest-
ments,mlDlng speculations a speciality, has Mlssioa
DEVELOPING CIRCLE TO NIGHT: ME-
X/diums in 12 sittings, trot. William, 2*5 Geary.
RS. STEERS, PSYCHOMEI RIST: ORES
examined; readings $1. ll>V^Oakst.
MR-. C. J. MEYER, 326 MCALLISTER ST.-
1U tests to all; dr. 2to 8 p. M.; 10c. ; sit lags.
MRS. J.J. \« HIiNEY. SPIRITUAL MEDIUM,
for messages and advice. 218 Stockton st.
AM. >iunusi J.>JjKi'i- .\DK.NT sLaTE
. writer. 118 Halcbt st.: hours 9 until 6r.lL
MRS. H. A. ORIFFIN-CiK. SUN. KVK. ; 25c;
test m!(. Thur. eve.; stcs dally. 42bi<. Urove
HYPNOTISM. •■•:• :v 'i'Z;
HYPNOTISM TAUGHT, DIBEASKS
and habits cured. VaL institute, 1346 Marketst
HYPNOTISM CURKS WHKN ALL ELSE
• fails: also tau?iu. Hypnotic Inst., 6 O'FarrelL
' PHRENOLOGY.
PR< F. BEHREXS READS CHARACTER BY
the head of men aba women as an open book;
adaptability in business and marriage. 131 Mont-
gomery, st. . . . .
ATTORNEYS- AT-L, AW.
ADVICK FREE: DIVOKCE LAWS A
iaJty: private; no fee without success : pro>at»,
Insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale, deeds,
damages, etc. ; private detective*: estab. 10 years,
G. W. IiOWK. 860 Market st. corner Stockton st.
A DVICKi'KKK; NU CHAKUE UNLESS SUC-
A. cesafol. W. W. DAVIUoON, 927 Market st
I» W. KINO. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW, CHRON-
JI . iclt* building: advice free- low ■• all cases.
PROPOSALS.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB-SEALED
X proposals for customary privileges at Ingle-
-B,'de racetrack for the season of 1^97-98 will be
received at the office of the secretary, Parlors A
atjd B, !•..»•(• Hotel. Bids will be opened at 6
o'clock i- m.; Saturday. April 10, 1897.
. . F. U. OKEEN, becteiary.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
€11 A E\(\fi ELEGANT • RESIDENCE: 2-
«ID 1 \J.O\J\J. story, basement and attic;' bil-
liard, store rooms, eta : lot 25x137:6: house alone
tost #1U.OOO; this is a great sacrifice: see owner
on premises, 727 Golden Gate aye., bet. Franklin
and Gough.
<iU7^n COT I AGE AKU LOT ON 31 PROS-
•4P 4 t)\J. pect ava. App y 919 Valencia st.
5:1 9nfl 104 aches in SANTA CLARA
>71-<JU. County; must sell or exchange for
grocery-store or lodging-house. Jog Ire at 410
Kea ny si., room 10. ■ ■
I OT 80x106, ON THE EAST LINE OF ASH-
Jj bury St., south 160 feet from Frederick; for
sale. H. FOKSTKN, 423i;u!<hsl. _.
|| t < < < ..iii 0 "^
SACRIFICE; 6 W. COR. TWENTIE H ST
OTreatave.;2sxllO. Herb Institute, 1205 Market
OT' ON 43UAVE. AND T «ST. FOR SALE
■* very reasonable; no agents; also lots in Ocean
View. 6% oolden Gate aye. "
QOOnfl WILL BUILD AN ELEGANT 8-
0— — "*' room. 2-story dwelling, porcelain bath,
wood mantels, etc.: 93200 for 11-room, 2-flat
building; $1600 for 6- room cottage: call and s-e
plans, specifications, etc.: same submitted for any
kind or building. W. W. REDNALL, Builder,
1326 Hayes st.
EAND-<BUHG. KERN COUNTY: MINES,
i building sites and business investments; reli-
able information. C. H. MOORE. 935 Market St.,
ruom 4: branch office at itandsDurg.
ONLY 1 LEFT— NEW HOUSES, JUST COM-
pleted: sunny side Cole St.. near Waller; 10
rooms; large lot, 125 feet deep; street to be bltu-
minlted. Applr on premises. ■ • . -■
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
2 COTTAGES TO RENT OR FOR SALE ON
4* bhattuck aye.. North Berkeley. Inquire at
Thompson's Hotel.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
1 f\(\ HOUSKB AND LOTS, $100 TO 918.000
1 \J\J 150 ranches, all sizes. $200 to 6,000
200 business places, from $25 to 5,000
WHAT HAVE YOU TO OFFER?
. H. C. DECKEII, 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
ELEGANT NEW 10-ROOM FLATS; 2 FAMl-
lles: lot 25x112:6; barn, fences, walks: all
complete; hot and cold water; cash $1900. email
payment down, balance mortgage at 7 per cent.
Address -«. X.. box 8, rail Office.
( SIONEY TO LOAN.
' A LOANS ON FURNITURE OR PIANOS,
JA.. In S. F. , Oakland or Alameda. at lowest rates:
without removal: no commissions; no delays.
J. .noon AN, 1017 to 1023 Mission BL, above Sixth.
telephone Jessie 41.
HIGHLY RE^PKCTABLE AND PRIVATE
place to obtain liberal advances on diamonds
and jewelry of the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry :
S.ore, 948 Market, st.: telephone Green 204.
c»«jnn ncu\ AT 61 * per cent on city
«jp OUu. \J\J\J real estate; also Oakland: estate^
life Insurance, second mortgaee, any sum. Man- j
hattan Loan Co., 10 Mills building, ground floor. \
ANY AMOUNT; IST, SD,t>R MOKTUAOK-i
estates, undivided intrusts, real estate in pro-
bate; furulturo and pianos without removal.
UcCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery st.. room 3.
■ IBKBAL ADVANCE ON DIAMONDS, JKW-
.LJ elry, etc: low interest. Cut-rate Loan Office
r. 7, Flood bIJg, 809 Market: lei. brown lid.
fli'-**^ flfMl A ' r BANK KATES: IST AND
ijpOZjO.\J\JKJ 2d morteages. estate*, rents, etc.:
lend as low as $50. H. MURPHY. 628 Market ii.
WHY PAY HIGH INT. ON .-.MA..L LOANS?
We loan at 95c Interest per mo. on each $100
on 2d mortgage: any security. Gold, box 4, CalL
I MONEY TO LOAN ON FIRST AND SECOND
j I*l mortgages. 410 Kearny St., room 10.
<J> I rv°.° oo ON LIFK INSURANCE POLICIES
«3>±U*low interest. JOS. B. IOPLITZ, 33J Plae.
ON FURNITURE; VERY LOW INTEREST:
no commission. BCRIBNER, 7 City Hall aye.
MONEY TO LOAN ON CITY REAL EsTATE;
amount. WILLIAMS, 214 Pine si., r. 3.
Q^A TO $00,000; LOWEST RATE; IST & 2D
tjt)U mortg.: any proposition. Drvden, 41V Mont
| _ _
* NY SUM, lhT OR 2ND MORTGAGES. ES-
-rV tatps in probate, etc. Rni. 7, 508 California, st.
ON| FURNITURE AND PIANOS; NO RE-
moval: low rales: private party. 219 Powell, r. 3.
ON PIANOS AND FURNITURE. WITHOUT
removal- very low Interest. 116 McAllluer st.
MONEY WANTED.
€•1 infl WANTED OR REAL ESTATE. W.
0 I i UU M.. box 71. I all Office.
FINANCIAL.
ffljCAAfk wanted, ONE I YEAR; SECUR-
tJJirUUUIty, 2000 acres firsUclass grain land;
interest 9 per cent. A. W., box 108, Cull Office.
WANTED— $500 AT 8% PER ANNUM FOR
one year. Address M., box 76, Call.
| mUTTLE & LOFT IS, LAND AGENTS. NE-
-1 gotiate loans. 620 Market at., opp. Palace Hotel.
HORSES.
STRONG BUSINESS BUGGY. HOR-E AND
harness, good as new, cheap. Nevab.e stables,
42 Clay s'-
Tir ANTKII-BCSINESS HORSE AND BUGGY
: '• for solitaire diamond ring anil solid gold
j watch. A. A., box 134, Call Office.
LADY'S HORSE AND TOP BUGGY FOR
sale cheap. Deviaadero-st. stabie.nr.McAlllster.
BUGGY HORSE— GOOD ROADSTER; WILL
sell cheap. 1112 Golden Gate aye.
HOUSES. WAGON. HARNESS; LOCKS:
suitable for delivery, peddling or traveling; lor
; sale cheap, A. W., box 109, Call office.
UCTIOX SALES EVERY SATURDAY AT
11 o'clock of horses, buggies, wagons, harness,
etc. Emporium sales yards, 220 Valencia St., S.
W ATKI N.», auctioneer.
A(\ HORSES FOR SALE; ALSO WAGONS,
I *"1 VJ buggies, carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horsa
; Market, 327 sixth St.: ancilon tales every \Y'«J-
-! nesday. SULLIVAN &DO VLE. Auctioneers.
T EIBOLD HARNESS COMPANY; 600 SETS
I -i of gt>cd harness, our own make, of every de-
scription, for less money than you can buy Eastern
trash; seed for catalogue. 110 McAllister st., B. F.
j en HEAD OF HORSES SUITABLE FOR ANY
OUbusinesj 900 to 1500 pounds. O.d Turk-st. car
•tables. 1801 Turk; team of large young males.
c/wi SET NEW AND bKCON D-HA.N i/ HAH-
O\J\J ness: all kinds: buggy. wagon, carts, surra?
£rockawar; 40 cheap horses. 15lh ant Valencia.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
FOR SALE— COVERED DELIVERY-
wagon; cheap. 5 Taylor st. "■- -;•>; •,.''.;
WANTED-SKCOND-HAND OPEN HACK,
first-class order, cheap for cash; also back
harness. Address H. X., box 102. Call Office.
H PASSENGER WAGONETTE AND MOD-
ern landau and Victoria; almost new.
O'EUIEN & SONS, 500 Gold«-n Gate aye.
"VTi W AND t-KCOND-HAND BAKER, LACN-
Xl dry and mil k wagon; also fin* top buggy and
rockaway. BUS Harrison at. r"'.->";
DENTISTS.
pROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 MAR-
I \J ket, net. 3d and 4th: pa<s specialists: painless
extracting, with gas, 91 ; plates, $7 up: flu, $1 up.
ULL (SET OF TEETH, 97: WARRANTED 5
J- years; painless extraction: see our new combina-
tion plate; thinnest, lightest, coolest plate made;
warranted 1C years: tilings. 50c; crowns, *3 <0.
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS, £4 Sixth street.
<JTj7 FULL SET TEETH: BEs»T MAKE;
C* < . kept la repair; extracting free; tilllngs,soc;
crowns, $3 50. Pacitic Dental Parlors, 18 Third.
•POSITIVELY PAINLESS EXTRACTION. DR.
L HARDING. 600Sutter cor. Powell; ma1u5375
DX. J. J. LEEK, 1126 MARKET ST.; oi'iiJJ
evenings: Sundays till noon; deutlstrv taught
OLIO.\ DENTAL AS>S>OCIA i JO>. bOd JIA.K-
-VJ ket St. DR. CHARLES W. DKuKKIw
Q>rj A SET FOR •ik.HTH— WA'KBANTKD A*
*$) I good as can be made, tilling 91 DR BliliL*
dentist, 930 Market sl. next Baldwin Theater.
|)Al\U.ss >.XTRACI*ION. NO! CROWN
J Orldg« work a specialty: plates 95 up: lUyear*
experience. R. L. WALSH. D.D.S.. 81SS^ Geary.
l^R. LUDLUM HILU 1443 MARKET ST n NR.
\J Eleventh: no chart;* for extracting whea
plates are mad*: old plates made over lute new;
teeth from 98 per Bet; extracting 6Uc; gas given.
8 ICY Or 'Ibiiih WlTitoUx' "■ *.'*—».**« Uti.
H. G. Yonng. 1841 Hoik sb
R. tO it UK W. lekk, TriK (..KM INK
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extractloa
and patentee of improved bridge work or teeUi
l Without any plate, moved from «J 10 1:0 o 1 i'urreu •..
LL WORK KKASONABLK AND Wa*
ALL VVOUK I.r.AM.'N.UI!.!-. AND WAA
ranted. , DR. J. W. KEY. 1320 Market at.
FARTNEIiSHIP NOTICES.
THE COPAii.NERSHIP HEKEIOFOKE EX-
-1 iatlng between J. P. KODE and CHli. .MEi.-
SK\', with business-places at 431 Jesiie st. and
1199 Market St., und-r tn« firm name of ROD &
N.ELE.v.was dissolved April ]. 1597 by mu-
tual consent. J. P. KODE continues business at
sail 1199 Market st. and C. ->lEL-E\ at said 4 .1
Jessie st., each assuming liabilities of said respec-
tive places, . ' ' •• ■■<■■;•■■<■-. J. p. rode. '
' - ." - : CUR. NIELSEN.
Dated, San Francisco, April 1, 1897.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
AN- UNQUESTIONABLE /BARGAIN: COST
-TV $40,000: will be sold for $20,000: 230 acres,
A> acres bMng-best wit c urapeg, 10 acres in
prunes, ■- acres pe.rs: house 7 rooms in good con-
. ition; large barn, stone winery, tanks, hydraulic
press; complete for wincmi>king: water piped from
springs: horses, cows, furniture, buggies, wagon;
everything complete; living trout stream- deer,
quail, etc.: nice grounds: 8 miles from St. Helena ,
in a lovely valley: presen b a picturesqe loca lon
(KA(\ ACRES IN MONTEREY COUNTY. 5
111U miles from rood railroad town: a ponton
now under cultivation, balance In pastuie, making
U a tine h-'g or cattle ranch: tine' well and run-
ning water: house of 5 rooms 2 good baras; all
farming tools; price $25 per acre.
T\rE HAVE 4 VERY CHOICE LOTS IN THE
»' 1 own of ijelmout, beautifully situated for su-
burban homes; will be sold according 10 the times;
investigate this; easy terms.
EDWIN K. al-sip & CO.. room 29, second
fluor. Mills building, can Fran.isco.
A CHOICE 850-ACRE FARM OF DEEP
loam noil, only 40 miles from £an Francisco,
adjoining two of the best vineyard and orchard
farms In State; 450 acres been farmed to grain
anil very table tor fruits and vines; balance has
scattering timber with abundance of wild feea,
principally oat's; very suitable for dairy, cattle or
hog ranch, as there is sufficient feed, besides hav-
ing 450 acres to plant to a crop for market: only
$25 per acre; V* ca-h. balance on time. EDWIN
K. a LSI I- & CO., 29, 2d floor. Mills Building, San
Francisco.
AS EXECUTOR OF THE ESTATE MAR-
-^4- itaret P. McCourtney, deceased, I will sell to
th-» highest bidder tor cash the following described
169.01 acres In Monterey County, I. c. : Lots 1
and 2, sec. 30, Tp. 24 S. of R. 14. and fcl.-Cf, of UK
1/4 Of sec. 25, Tp. 24 S. of R. 13 E.. M. D. .VI. Ap-
ply RICHARD J. MONTGOMERY, executor,
room 67. SO6 Broadway, Oakland.
EARLY FRUIT AND ..TABLE LAND—
1000 acre* of the "WolfsKHl grant." la lots
from 20 acres ud, selling for $.-0 per acre on easy
terms: iocau-d 3mi es west of Winters. Cal. For
particulars address W. H. GREGORY, Winters,
«*
LOR SALE-3 POULTRY RANCHES, CON-
i- sistiDg of eeese. ducks, chickens and pigeons:
also 2: lots, '26x110 each, at $20 a lot. THOMAS
F. CO^iKLI.N, Red Flag, Six-mile station, B>an
Bruno Road.
DEEDED L Nil »3. $5, $8, «15 TO $40 AN
acre; circulars free; state your case fully.
M. M. GR;i FIX, Cottonwood, CaL
TO SYNDICATE OR CAPITALISTS — FOR
sale, cheap: 9 -1 acres, all rich bottom land, on
the Merced River: also 8870 at res on Bear ana
Burns creek*, of which about 2000 acres are good
farming laud; both tracts are fenced ■ and cro.s
fenced, I- or particulars inquire of L. A. GRADE,
688 Washington st., S. F.
BARGAIN: ALAMKDA COUNTY, 30 MILKS
from city; choice land; fruit, vegetables, grain
bay; flowlug springs: $35 per acre. 11. J. DIG- !
GLES, 69 Columbian building, >an Francisco.
SEND FOR ILLUSTRATED PAMPHLET OF
California lands for sale idv H. FRANCIS,
rooms 69-71, Chronicle building, san Francisco, CaL
LITTLE Homes close to town; im-
-Lj proved; easy terms; also 4 to 12 acre pieces
on 8 and li» years' credit. D. H. TWING, So-
noma City: every Monday at 632 Market st.. S. F.
ffl«r AN ACRE; I*Bo ACRES TIMBER; GOOD
«ir«J fur stock or fruit; plenty water. S., box 40.
TUTTLE <& LOFTIS, LAND AGENTS; VERY
J. large list of choice country property, every
class, location, for sale, exchange;* houses rented-
rents collected. 6*o Market St.. opp. Palace Hotel.
I^OR SALE OR LEASE ALFALFA LANDSUN-
J- der canal, San Joxquln Co., on railroad :nr. Stock-
ton: $25 acre. McAFEE BROS.. 108 Montgomery.
A WL'«B<B news FOR 5 cents — TH»
**■ WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE—QOB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND KEAL ESTATE.
II AM INSTRUCTED BY THE BANK TO
sell the following property, taken under fore-
closure: . . :
Ist. A 6-room modern cottage; large lot; 3
blocks to local; 1 bio k to cars: stores, church
and school; soon will be business property- lot
wor.h $2000: price $2400, $400 cash. ■
2d. Hign class rcsidenc • property on Harrison
St.; corner, 7«xl50; hi. use modern, 10 rooms;
best residence portion of the city; mortgaged one
year ago for $15,000; can now be bought for $10,-
-000. ■•....' . : ,- ' * ■
3d. On Parker st.. Berkeley, half block to
Dwlgbt way station, neat 5-roorn cottage; almost
new; forced at $1150: cost $'.!OQO.
J. s. MYEHs, Real Estate, 1002 Broadway,
Oakland. . •
i^OR .RENT. — COMPLETELY FUR-
nished house, 8 rooms; high, healthy location;
grand view of bay and uolden Gate; large lot. In-
quire D. R. KaE, Linda Vista Terrace, Oakland.
<St\ T^n OWNER GOING AWAY- AND
tJP-LltiU. mus- sell his home: price $1750
cash: cottage of 6 rooms in good location; princi-
pal* only. Owner, box .7, Call Office, Oakland.
SNAP— *i5O DOWN, BALANCE $25 PKR
O month: bouse of 8 rooms and bath, lot 35x128,
on Magnolia si., near Fourteenth; mini be sold.
L, Call Office, Oakland.
T> EDUCED RENT-6-ROOM COTTAGE: HIGH
.It basement, large yard. chicken-house and
stab c, $8; 5-room cottage, barn, chicken-house
and large yard, $7; 4- room cottage, city water
free. Apply 2568 1 eiegraph aye., Oakland. «
ET A CHOICE, HEALTHFUL HOME SITE
while prices are low; lots $100 to $150 at
Fltcbburjt. beyond Frultva'e; the nest property
for Investment now offered: local trains and
electric cars: 10 minutes to Oakland and 43 to
San Francisco; splendid climate, out of damp
belt: soil excellent tor gardening: very best water
facilities; good school: terms to suit. Before buy-
ing In this locality see the owner of this property.
C. M. KUNKLE 913% Washington st., upstairs!
room 28, Oakland. Cal.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENT
•
Jl TEAMED A. KEAL KSTATIS.
T?OR SALE— BARGAIN; COR. LOT, 134X176;
■T 4 cottages 6 rooms each. Pacific aye. and Schil-
ler st.: otter wanted; Street work- done. Inquire B.
ARIaS, 1823 Pacific aye.. Alameda.
CI«7XA BARGAIN— A CHEAP LOT 40x160;
<jp 'O\J. street work done. • .
$700— Corner lot 40xlS8; street work complete.
- $6500— New modern a-room house; cholcd loca-
tion ; easy terms.
E. D. JUDD & CO., 1424 Park st., Alameda.
I. ARG AiN: ALAMKDA COUNTY 30 MILES
I. from city; choico land; fruit, bay, grain, veg-
etables, with living springs; 825 10 *35 per acre.
H. J. JiK.UI.Es, 69 Columbian building, S. F.
OTTAC.E 6 ROOMS; LARGE LOT; ' 81500;
VJ ea«y installments. 908 Eagle aye.
ALAMEDA HOUSES TO LET.
TTUNELY i "URN IS H KD 1 1 -ROo3?HOUBE A N D
X 1 grouuds to rent: lbk. irom Morton-st. station,
narrowg uge. M. E. S., 1511 Central aye.. Alameda.
BICYCLES. «
CHEAP: A HIUH-GKADE WHEEL: IN PEK-
fect condition. O. A., box 134, Call Office.
ARGAINS IN SECOND-HAND WHEELS;
high grades in perfect running order from $-'5
upward. Uold«n Rule Bazaar Cycle Department,
25 Geary st.
TRUSTEES* SALES.
TRUSTEES' SALE-1N ACCORDANCE WITH
J. me terms and under the authority of a certain
deed of trust, duly executed by W. D. HOL(.OJI
a.d >iAi lIX >. HuI.COM (his wife), parties
of the nrst part, to HENR\- C CAjUPBELL
and THADDEUS B. KENT, trustees, parties
of the second part, and THE SAN .FRAN-
CISCO SAVINGS UNION, party Of the
i bird part. dated December 14, 18d , and recorded
of the office o. the County Recorder or the coumy
of Mams mm. (State of California, in liber S3 of
deed 3, at pages 4 1 ■• and following, and in pursuance
in a resolution p«ssed on the 4th day of iiur.
1897, oy the board of directors of said HAN
FKANCIBCO SaVI-NGS UNION, a corporation,
and the holder of . the note (No. 11, ), to secure
payment of which the aforesaid deed of trust was
executed, declaring that default had been mane in
the payment of the principal sum and other sums
due under said cote and deed of trust, and re-
questing and dlrec ins- said HKNRV c. CAMP-
BELL and TUADDii.es K. KENT, trustees, to
sell . the real estate described therein to satisfy
said indebtedness.
We. HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
B. WENT, trustees, do hereby give notice that on
TIE DAW the v;7tn day of April. A. D. 1887. at
12 o'clock noon of that day, and at the auction sales-
room of i- Hston, ElurtJge ACo , .no. tf.iS Market
street, in the cut a d County of San Francisco,
State of California, we will sell at public auction,
to the highest bidder, for cash in gold coin of the
United Places, the piece or parcel of land sit-
uate In the county or tunl-ia ■.-, estate of Califor-
nia, described at follows, to wit: r • .
According to the official plats and system or
surveys of the Government of the United (States:
In township twj (2) south, ranse twe ye
(12) east, Mount Diablo base and me.idian;
>•! section i»eut>-eigat (°<!o) tn« southeast
quarter C»E. Vi> ; ■
of se lion th v-three (33) the east half of the
east .ialf ( >• . -Viof K. V»):
Of section tuiriy-lour (34) the west half (W.
UA;
Intownthlp three (3) south rnnga twelve (13)
east. Mount JDUblo has ■ and m-ridi- n:
Of section four (4) the - northeast quarter (SE.
> ontainine In all cijht hundred an I three (803)
icre« of i ■mil. more or less; together with the ap-
purfniinces.
TERMS OF SALE— Cash In gold coin of the
United (states; ten per cent payable to the under-
signed on the fall Of the hammer; balance on de-
livery of need; and if not so paid, unless for want
ot title (ten days being allowed for search), then
said ten per cent to be forfeited, and the sale to be
- void. Acts of sale at purchaser's expense.
HENRY C. CAMPBELL Tra . ".
XHADDEOS U. KENT. /" n »*««»-
UAKKIAGK IACKSHtIa.
Th« followlns; marriage Ileensei hay* b*«a
issued by the County Cleric's ofßee:
H. A. Barsentand Kdltb W. ; Kittredse. 29— 27.
David MicheJs and Hu.da Gerson. 32—31.
hang p. R»smussen and Annie Ha sen. 33— 28.
Thorn Kashow and Catherine Le Mar. 30—27.
Charles N. Taylor and Lol . 0 liennett, 25—20.
John tuar: and Olive Matsen 29—19.
Henry Men -or and Annie sschwar z 85—22.
MARKJAi^^—^ATiil
IJOKX.
ARCHER— In- this city, March 28. 1897, to the
wire of E. E. Arcuer, a son. " • ' . '
SEAMAN— In :hi*city, Aprl 6,1897, to the wife
of William Seaman, twin daughters- ! i
WITTHACK-lo the wife of Fred Wltthack, a
'lH'l-M T. ....
MAKttlKi>.
GOLDMAN-STONE-Near Santa Clara, April 7,
1897. at the residence of the bride's parents.
. by the Rev. H. H. He acock. Christian J. .Gold-
man of Courtiand, Ca.., »nd Eva M. Stone.
ROB RTSO.\-WAITS-In this citr, April 5,
1897, by the Rev. F. W. Fischer. James Robert-
sou and Laura Evans Waits, both or Sao. i-rau-
Cisco.
SHATTCCK-MORAN-Tn this city. April 8.
18J7, by the Rev. Dr. W. W. Case, Charles D.
fhattuck and GeQrgiana A, Moran, both of San
Francisco.
• - ; " DUO, ~' : ~ !
Baumetster, Joseph . Minor. Viola U. D.
lio}M, Sarah M. t'Brien IJanoreh
Bremner. Adolfine -O'Connor, Michael C
Devlin. James '. . O'Dav, i'.ridget
' Garcelon, Walter C. -ynoids John
Haubricb, J-rederlskW. Kiehr. Jonn
Hi. lei. E. W. .- Sadi<>, Matthew
Howfil Johanna sch.l fer, carl C,
' Jacobsen. Helena M. Srau.i. James . ■ -
Jennings, John T. Stepheuson. Ida M.
Leahey. William ' Tracey. Catherine
Lo.z, Charles West, Mrs. Ida M.
Wlckmann. Alice L.
BAUMEISTER-In this city. April 7,1897, Jo-
seph beloved husband ot.lose;>nine Baumelster,
and father of Willie. Freddie and Olga Bau-
mci-)ter. a native of Wu.-temberg, Germany,
a^ed 63 years 11 months am 7 iiavs. A mem
her of Vereln Kintrach.San Francisco Schwaben*
■ Verei» and .-.lssion Turn Vereirr. ■ «►
Friends and acquaintances are respect* •
fully invited to attend the funeral BUNKAY,
*prll 11, at 2 o'clock p. M . from the San Fran-
cisco Turn Vereia Hall, 322 Turk street, where
services will be held. Intermen: 1. O. O. X
meter - • ' » .
BOYD— In this city, April 8, 1897, Sarah M.. be-
loved wile of J L. Bovd and mother of ' George
• and Joseph Boyd and Mrs. J. c. Pierson of . Sac-
ramento, a native of Ireland, aged b8 years.
BREMNER-ln this city. April 8. 1897. AdolUne,
• beloved wife of George St. John Bremner, and
mother of Ada, Georuiana and Carl tit. John
Bremner. a native of Sacramento, CaL, aged 31
years.
#3rThe funeral services will take • place
Taj- .a OR ROW (Saturday), at 'i o'clock p. m.. at
her late residence. 4^B . air Oaics street, between
Tweuiv-flKh and Twenty-sixth, interment at.
'• Sacrameuto on Sunday.
DEVLIN'— a month's mind massof requiem will
be celebrated at, ?a:red Heart Church TO-MOR-
ROW (Saturday), at 9 o'clock a. m.. for the re-
pose of the soul of the late James Devlin,
friends ira respectfully invited to attend.
GARCKLON— Walter C. Garcelon, a native of San
Francisco, aged 20 years 1 month and 17 days.
■ £ii" .Notice or luneral aaraaftj-.
HAUBRICH— In this city. April K. 1897, at his
residence In Golden Gat • Par*, near waier works,
Frt-d rick William, dearly Deloved son of Mary
4 and the Lite Benjamin W. Haubrich. and brother
or Leonard, Evelyn and Benjamin iiaubrlch,
a native of Sau Francisco,, aged .29 years. A
member of Mission Parlor No. 33, N. S. U. W. i
83T Notice of funeral ner3aft»r.
HILLKR— In Martinez, Cal., E. W. Hiller, a na-
tive of Massachusetts, aged 68 years and 10
1 months.- " . ■ ■ . . . ■ ' .
HOWELL— In this city, April 8, 1597. Johanna
Ho.yell, a native or County Limerick. Ireland.
JACOBSKN-ln Berkeley. April 7, 1897. Helena
- .Marie Jacobsen. a native of Berkeley, aged 19
years 7 months and 12 days.
JENNINGS— In this city, April 8.1897, John T ,
beloved sou of John and - Barbara Jennings,
brother of Peter, and MamU Jennings, and
nephew of Mrs. B. O'Dounell, a native of San
Franci co, cjted 31 years ani 3 months.
tirTr Friends and acquaintance) an resjiac"-
-| fully Invited to attend the funeral SUNDAY,
Apr.l 11, at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from his la.c
residence. 453 Harriot street, iii.-uu* to St.
Rise's where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
LEAHEY— In the City and County Hospital,
April 8, 1897, William Leahey, aged 51 years.
LOTZ— In this city, April 7, 18»7, Chari-M, be-
loved husband cf Philomena L'otz, aud father of
Henry and George Lotz. a native or ueruianr.
aged 51 year* and 11 days. fLouiivllle (Kr.)
papers please copy. . . ' - .
«s" Friends aud acquaintances and members of
Vcrelu Eintrucht an 1 Ernst vo i Handel Lodge
i No. 3, 0. -a. H. s., ate respectfully invited to
1 attend the funeral SUNDAY. April 11. at 2
o'clock p. it", trom Eiatracht Hall. 237 Twelftn
street. Remains at the parlors of Tneodor
Dlerka. 957 Mission street, between Fif h aud
Sixth. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
MI.VOX— In tliiscliy. April 8. 1«97. Viola U- D.
I Minor, beloved daughter of Curdeia Minor,
granddaughter of ' Dr. and Mrs- 110.. ani and
bis er of Edith May Minor, a. native of St.
Joseph, Mo., aged 15 yeKrs 1 mon.n and 6 days.
O'BRIEN— In this city. April 7. 1897. Uanjrah
O'Brien, beloved mother of Mrs. Johu Clancy,
a native of .re.aad, a>;e i 74 years.
£7*Friends and acquaintances are re3p»^t-
fnltv invited to attend tuo funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from the residence
or her daughter, Mrs- Joun Clancy. 1152 froi-
som street. Interment Muua; Calvary Ceme-
tery.
O'CONNOR— In this city. April 7. 1897. Michael
C, beloved husband of Ca herlne S. O'Connor,
and father of Mrs. ii. Y. Hobson an ! James S.
. O'Connor, ■ native o. Ireland, aged 67 years.
Friends and acquaintances are resj<>o'.-
-fully invited to a*.t»nd me funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 10:30 o'clock a. m.. from the par-
lors of the Pacific UuJertaKer*. 777 .Mlssioi
street, between Third and Fourth, thence to
Kt.- Paul's Church for services, interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
O'DAY— In this city. April 8. 1897, Fridget, relict
of th<» late Michael i.'Day, a native of County
I onegal, Ireland, aged 08 vear< 7 months and
20da>s. [Boston (Mass.) papers please copy,
£7*Frlends and acauaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Saturday), at fa:3o o'clock a. m,. from her
late residence, Sit) Clara street, tuence .0 St.
Patrick's Churcd. where a solemn requiem
mass will bs celebrated for the repose of her ■
sou:, commencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
REYNOLDS— In mis cltv. April 8. 1897. John,
beloved husband of Mary a. Reynolds, and
father of Jnmei J. and Joseph Leo Reynolds,
a native of Adair, Count./ Limerick, Ireland,
55 years.
RIEHR— In Mission San Jose, John, beloved hus-
band of Anna Ke'.hr. and father of Alpnonse
i'.ienr and Mrs. Charles Bez. a native of Luem-
schwiller, Alsace, France, aged 64 years and 2
months.
Friends and acquaintances are r»spsc:-
fully Invited to attend ilia 'uneral TO-MORROW
(Saturday), at 11 o'clock ■a. m., from bis latn
residence near Mission San Jose. Interment at
Mission San Jose.
SADLO— In this city. April '8, 1897. Matthew, be-
loved hutband of Katherlne Sadlo, and father of
Clara aud Bessie' Sadlo and Mrs. Jennie Wiiui»
man, a native or Bohemia, aged 62 years.
SCHRIEFER— In this city, April 7 IS9T. Carl
C, dearly oeioved son or D. H. and M. C. £chrie-
fer, and brother of Dora S. and thy lata J. H.
so hr icier, a native of San Francisco, aged 12
| years and 1 month. .
A7 Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock p. m., from the residence
01 his pureuts. 165 -\aiooia street. Interment
private, Masonic Ceme',ery.
SMITH— In -hi* city, April 7, 1897, James, be-
loved husband of Hannah Smith, father of K.
. J.. William J., James 8., Albert, Join R. and
F.orance Smith, and Mis. T. Mccord Jr.. a na-
tive of Genoa, Italy, aged 54 year* 11 month*
and 20 days.. [Boston (Mass.) papers pleasa
copy. I ' ;
4S* Friends and acquaintances nr« respect-
ful y Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 9 ' o'clocic a. m.. from his late
residence, 30« Grove street, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, where a soletna requiem nun, mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9:80 o'clock a. m. intermen:
Holy Cross Cemetery. .
STEPHENSON-Inthlsci-y, April 7. 1897. Ida
.v. Btephfruon. a native of California, aged 23
years 6 months and 20 days.
TRACEV-In this city, April 7, 1897. Catherine,
relict of thela:a Tbomat Trace/ and beloved
mother of William, Charles and Joseph Tracey,
and the late Mrs. Sarah Byrnes and Thomas
■ Tracy, m native Of Ireland, ai?e i 6? years. -
.*y Friends are respectfully invited to attend
the funeral THis DAY (l rWay), at 8:39
o'clock a. M. , from the residence of tier's m, 153
Perry »tree.. tm-nca to St. Rose's Chinch. Bran-
nan street where- a requiem high mas) will be -
celebrated for the repose o( her soul, commencing
at 9 o'clock a. *.. Intermen; Holy Cross Cetno-
terr.
WEST— In this city. ♦ pril 8, 1897.' Mrs. Ida M.
West, beloved Hoof f. a: A. West aiirl dauch-
- ter of Robert Wright, a native of San Francisco,
aged 21 years 2 months and 5 da/s.
WICKMAN'-N — In Hut liv, April 7. 1897, Alice
Louisa, youngest and beloved daughter of Charles
'■' a. id i-'aanv Wiekmann, and sister of sad ■ and
- Jennie Wlekmann. a native San Francisco,
■ a •' 1 6 month -i an 1 7«t-ivs.*\"
' MCAVOY A GALLAGHER, T
FUNERAL DIRKCTORS A EMBALMKR3.
to Vlftk St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 308 a » ■
r. I_ GUNTZ. . H. W. 6ASTSEB.
QANTNER & QUNTZ,
Funeral Directors and Embaimers.
8 and 10 CITY HALL tot AUK.
Telephone booth *33. . :
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERf,
SAN MATKO COUNTY; .NKARKST CE.M&
wry 10 the city; non-sec ; la no sens* ax-
cJutive; location unexcelled. OHic« hV7 amitM
■net; M>utA««at cwsu »' .
1314
HAS FOUND A
MONTANA ANGEL
Mrs. Dimond Has a Backer
Who Has Money
to Burn.
Will Furnish a CDmpany and
Star Her in High Class
Vaudeville.
In the Mr a:: time the Lady Is Devel
oping Unusual Talent as a
High Kicker.
Mrs. Dimond has found an "angel."
This particular seraph, who is anxious to
singe his wings with theatrical fire, hails
from Montana, and, according to the lady,
has more millions than he can count off
on the fingers of both bis hands. But he
is not a reckless anyel and there is a limit
to his Dounty. One hundred thousand
dollars will be ventured on the Dimond
theatrical scheme and no more. But so
great is nig faitli in the Indv's talent that
he feels confident that he is going to win
back his money many times over.
Mr*. Dimond is working hard to live up
to the bright future predicted by the gen
erous man from the .Northwest. She is
devoting four hours daily to her music
and half as many to her dancing.
"I am studying under Kiralfy," the
lady explained, "and he <=ays lam making
unusual progress. I can already kick
higher than my hend. I practice in short
skirts and am gradually feeling my way
toward tiehts. Then I take a spin on my
wheel every morning not necessarily to
reduce myself, but to harden me. My
bicycle record is twenty-five miles in two
hours, and that includes four stors."
Mr?. Dimond's "angel" has a repre
sentative her* in the person of W. G.
Hunter. He spends the greater part of
his time with his superior's star and
superintends her studies. Mrs. Dimond,
before she consented to unfold her plans,
appealed to her "'friend Mr. Hunter," who
obligingly took the matter of explanation
upon himself.
"I represent the Montana millionaire,"
he complacently remarked, "and what
ever 1 say 2oe«. He has more money than
he knows what to do with, and he would
just as soon drop $100,000 or so as not.
"He will put Mrs. Dimond at >he head of
a high class vaudeville company and star
her in New Yo'k late in the fall. We will
Hay all the big Eastern cities and San
Francisco can't see our star for a year.''
At present the millionaire who is so
anxious to rid himself of his surplus
wealth is spending money and picking
orange blossoms — Recording to bis repre
sentative — in Southern California.
"He may bring some of those blossoms
home for a certain lady to wear," said
Hunt6r. And then Mr-. Dimond smiled
and blushed a delightful, progressive blush
that made her fair face flush from throat
to eyebrow.
There was a faraway look in her eyes
wi.en she said : "The only fault my friend
finds with me is I'm to iuoaest; but lie
promises me I'll get over thnt."
The Montana "angel," with his orange
blossoms, is expected about Thursday of
next week.
FROM APRIL THE FIRST.
New Law of Congress Regarding
Duties on Present
Imports.
Goes Into Effct Long Before the Tariff
Bill Has B?en Approved and
in Operation.
The Collector of the Port has been fur
nished with a copy of section 27 of lhe
tariff bill parsed by the House of Repre
sentatives on March 31. 1897. The section
provides that all articles mentioned in the
several schedules of the act "which shall
be imported into the United States between
the first day of April 1897, and the date of
the passage of the act, and which were not
purchased or directed by the owner to be
shipped for import into the United States
by any person prior to April 1, 1897, shall
bear the Mime duties to be charged upon
similar articles under this act, and such
duties are hereby made a lien on such
articles wherever and in whatsoever hands
sound, except in the hands of persons who
hold them for final consumption and have
no purpose to sell or barter the same, and
except also in the bands of persons shown
to have obtained such articles without
notice previous to this act; and any per
son, not such final consumer or bolder
without notice, having obtained an
interest in or possession of any stch
articles or article so subject to duty, except
as common carrier or warehouseman,
sbsll be liable for the payment of such
duties thereon, and the same may be
recovered with interest and with penalty
in an action or suit by the United States
against such person or persons in any
District or Ciicuit Court thereof, and all
persons liable under tcis act for such dnty
or any part thereof in respect to any ship
ment, cargo or lot of any such article or
article?, may be joined in the same action
for such recovery without regard to
mutuality or nature of interests or
defenses, and such joint or several judg
ments the court may render therein, in
clude the enforcement of any such lien as
justice or equity may require.
"In every such case or process of court
in the district where the action or suit is
brought and where one defendant resides
the fir*t service should run to and may be
served on any defendant in any other dis
trict. It is hereby mad* the duty of the
Secretary of the Treasury to prescribe and
enforce suitable regulations to carry out
ttie previsions of this section including
the retention in any bonded warehouse of
the United States or any other place where
paid goods are deposited, samples of said
goods, until required for evidence on any
such trial; provided tbe lien hereby cre
ated and the liability hereby imposed
(hall be only for the excess of duly by
this act over and above the autiex paid
and collected at the time of the importa
tion of such articles."
An order has been made in the Cfistom
bouse requiring declarations to be made
before presenting entries of imported
goods to the Custom-house.
Shot by His Young Wife.
Thomas Drinan, a brass-molaer, who re
sides at 11 Madison avenue, was shot and
painfully wounded in the thigh by his wife, a
young and pretty woman, at the corner of
Third and Howard streets at 11:30 o'clock last
night. Drinan was taken to the Receiving
Hospital. His wife was arrested and detained
at the Southern police station on a charge of
assault to murder.
Mrs. Driuan snyu that the shooting wa« tbe
culmination ol long-continued abuse and filial
desertion on the part of her husband.
• — ♦-— •
TO CCBK A COLO IN' ONE DAT.
Take laxative Quinine Tablets. All drug
eVils refund the mone/ v it fails to cure, £>&
THE AUSTRALIAN BASEBALL TEAM.
CLEVER BATSMEN
OF OLD AUSTRALIA
Baseball Players Arrived
on the Steamer Mona
wai Yesterday.
They Were Met and Welcomed
by the Olympic Club
Directors.
The Nine Will Play Its First Game
at Central P rk on Sun*
• day Week.
The Australian baseball team arrived
yesterday on the steamer Monowai and
wan met at the landing by a delegation
from the Olympic Club in charge of Super
intendent William J. Kennedy, Leader
Howard Taylor and Directors Douglas
White, A. C. Forsyth and Percy Morse.
The athletes had a most pleasant voyage
and were feeiing in first-class spirits when
they took their leave of the big ocean
liner.
Their manager, Mr. Mosgrove, who has
been in this City for some weeks arrang
ing games for the team and making prepa
rations for ihe future, was also on hand.
The team drove to the Baldwin Hotel,
where it will remain until it has timshed
with San Francisco.
Last evening the players were taken
in charge by John Mc(ilynnof the Olympic
Club and invited to inspect the grand
athletic structure on Post street.
The director* extended the invaders the
courtesies of the club while they are in
this City.
Manager Mcgrove stated that the team
will rest for c day and that on Saturday it
may indulge in a liltie light practice in
Central Park. On Sunday some of the
players will witness the cricket match on
the other siae of the bay.
Manager McGlynn has a stable of
"0. C." players practicing in some lone
location, where only a select few can
watch their curves. The following play
ers are sanl to be prominent candidates to
represent the club:
J Cooney, pitcher; 0. O'Kane, catcher; H.
Walton, first oase; EL Kcckett, second base;
F. Monfthan. shortstop; H. Krug, thin! base;
W. Harrelion, left field; J. McCarthy, center
field; J. Sheehan, right licld.
The first game in which the Australians
will take part will be piayed at Central
Park on Sunday afternoon, 'the 18th inst.,
and the team will be selected from the fol
lowing athletes:
Sydney W. S"mith. Brut base and change
catcher; Charles Over, pitrher and all-round
plfcyer; James McKay, pitcher and catcher; J.
i>. Wallace, catcher; Char.es Kemp, pitcher;
Walter G. Inrleton, second base; A. E. Wise
man, outfielder; Harry Irwin, shortstop;
Harry .stuckey, outfielder; Alfred P. Carter
left fielder; Peter McAllister, third base;
Frank Layer, captain, first base and pitcher;
R. K. Ewer, pitcher and catcher, and the cham
pion all-round athlete of South Australia.
Ewers has thrown a cricket ball 129
yards, being the world's record. Ed
Crane of the All Americans has thrown a
cricket ball 128 yards.
He it the oldest of a baseball family of
five.
TO PROSECUTE MRS. COHN
Promoter of the Penny-Purchas
ing Agency to Go Before
the Courts.
Members Wbo Claim That They Were
Victimized Will Endeavor to
Rrcover Their Money.
Mrs. A. Conn, the heroine of the
"Penny Purchasing Agency," must
shortly go before the courts and explain
how she failed to redeem certain matured
contracts issued by her into the hands of
unsuspecting purchasers.
This conclusion was reached last even
ing by several hnndr?d members of the
"penny poorman's organization," as Mrs.
Cobn was wont to call her agency, who
assembled in B'nai B'rith Hall to discuss
the gravity of the situation they found ex
isting. «
Attorneys H. B. M. Miller and William
H. Schooler have been retained by the
members who claim they are victims of
Mrs. Conn's shrewd business ability. Mr.
Schooler, who was one of the committee
appointed to devise ways and means to
recover the money paid into Mrs. Cohn's
bands, read an opinion of the committee
containing its ideas as to the best mode of
procedure.
The committee did Dot believe that the
institution of criminal proceedings at the
present time would be profitable.
The "victims" readily acquiesced in the
opinion of the committee, but it was
understood that in case sufficient in
criminating evidence was gathered durin<*
the civil cases Mr*. Cohn would be prose
cuted in the criminal courts.
In the civil suits a number of members
whose claims upgrenate $39y will assign to
some selected member and suit will be
instigated in his name. This will be con
tinued until all members holding claims
against Mrs Cohn are before the court.
They are peers iv their profession— binding
or printing. The MyseU-Kollins Co., 22 Clay.*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 9, 1897.
AFTER BLYTHE'S
MANY MILLIONS
A Far- Reaching Attack
in the Federal
Courts.
Jeff Chandler Has Caused Od
Lawyers to Prick Up
Their Ears.
JuJge Morrow About to Say Whether
Aliens May Inherit Lands in
the United States.
Lawyers throughout the State are greatly
j interested in the legal battle now going
! on in the United States Circuit Court and
| in the Supreme Court of the United States
' over the distribution of the I>J y the mil
■ lions!
The time for the filing of briefs on some
j of the important phases of the controversy
. on behalf of the defendants will expire
in the United States Circuit Court on
! Monday, after which the plaintiffs will
| bave fifteen days for replying. It is likely
i that there will be some closely contested
j points between now and the final subinis
! sion of the case.
Though the litigation has been present
i ed in many phases the general public does
j not understand the scope and possibili
| ties of the assault which Attorneys Burke
Holladay and Jeff Chandler have made
upon Florence Blythe and all claiming
share in the property by reason of her
title.
It is alleged by the aggressors in the
present litigation that John W. Blythe of
Kentucky and Henry 1. Blythe of Arkan
sas are the only heirs of the late Thomas
Blythe. To establish their contention
they have obtained a writ of error from
tb* Supreme Court of the United States to
ti;e Supreme Coun of the State and have
begun a suit to quiei title in the United
States Circuit Court.
The position of Messrs. Holladay and
Chandler is that the power to determine
the rights of aliens is wholly a Federal
power, and that the riehtsof aliens cannot
be the subject of adjudication in State
courts.
The record in tbe Blythe case shows be
yond dispute that Florence Blythe was
born abroad, and that she is an alien whose
rights cannot be passed upon by State
courts.
"There is no treaty or Federal law per
mitting aliens to inherit lands in this coun
try,"said Mr. Chandleryesterday,"and the
; whole question is whether the State may,
I in the absence of a treaty or Federal law,
i occupy the field and pass laws. We say
that the matter is wholly beyond State
: juri>diction; that no State can thrust it
! self into this region of foreign rights or
! project its power so far as to assume juris
-1 diction over th« richts of Englishmen and
other aliens. It was decided in the One
Hundredth United States Reports, in a
'■ Virginia case, that a State cannot forbid
aliens from inheriting. By parity of rea
j soniug a State cannot provide for aliens to
inherit. In other words, we contend that
j the whole question of the property rights
| ot foreigners is a matter for the United
I States courts to decide.
"If the United States courts should
aeree with us it would summarily end the
claim of Florence Blythe, for the judg
ment of the State Supreme Court would
be set aside. Our clients are the only citi
zens of tbe United States who lay claim to
the estate, and we apprehend no serious
trouble with any other heirs if we can get
Florence Blythe's title set aside."
Whatever becomes of the case it will be
important as the first one that has ever
arisen wherein the point was made. It
will therefore be of great value as a his
torical precedent.
The position of Garber, Boalt, Bishop,
Hart and others, who represent the Flor
ence Blythe cleim, is that tbe State has
the absolute right to rezulate tbe descent
of land so long as its laws are not in con
flict with the constitution of the United
States and the laws and treaties duly
made by the Government.
It is generally regarded by well-informed
lawyers that the point above outlined, as
insisted upon by Attorney Chandler, is
one of grave importance, being far-reach
ing in its consequsnces to this case as well
as to many others that may arise.
Cour.ing at Ingleaide.
The drawing for Sunday's coursing at Ingle
side Park took place at Delta Hall last even
ing and brought out a fine collection of high
class dogs. Thirty-two will contest, and, as
the long-tails are very evenly matched, some
roo<l racing will take place. The purse is
$130. Following is the result of the draw
Grace A Dean's Hazel Glen vs. T. Nunan's Fair
View, J. Mccuraiicj£-a WblieLily vs. D. Hooper*
Beau lirumnip], T. nn an's i.l tie Tom vs .M
O'Connor's lady Clifton. T. Butler's Susie vs.
R. Carls' Lightning. .Newman & itauisdeH's
Ked Cloud vs. Dillon <fc Relay's Itlzbt
Bower, M. Tiprnan'g Lass O'Uowrie vs. Grace it
1-iean'n Deceiver. V. Shannon's henorltiv vs. J.
R. Carl's Cinderella, J. f-eigerson's White
Chief vs. J. McCormlck's Black I'rince. Mer
ri»a kennel's Wattlebloora vs. M. Tray
nor's Valley Maid. Merriwa kennel's Kluir
vs. If. Rogers' Sly Boy. J. Talbott'a Lady Blarney
vs. T. a ayes' Tullamore. Healy dt Eagan's Moon
dyne vs. Traynor's Flashlight, Sell <fc I>annon
baum's Grace S vs. P. Ryan'n Move On, Mlra
Monte kennel's Bam vs. M. -Michael Uncle
Sam, Healy 4 Eagaii's Mlaimo vs. Merriwa ken
xx- i? .'IB 0 ** 1 J " Treftcy ' s Speed vs. J. Maginnls'
WlUo'Wlsp.
Flr«t Opon-Air Strawberries.
Trobock <fc Bergen have received one drawer
(0 beskels) ol strawberries from J. A. Boul
ware of Palo Alto. They were the first open
air strawberries received this season and were
of good quality. \V. H. Brown & Co. of the
California Market purchased them for $1 per
basket. %
FAST NEARING
THE GALLOWS
The Supreme Court Refuses
Durrant a Writ of
Error.
3e Was Very Anxious to Take
the Case to the Highest
Tribunal.
Cairns Made Ttat the Murderer Did
Not Have d Fair anJ Im
partial Trial.
The attorneys for Durrant, the murderer
of Blanche Lamont, made another in
effectual effort yesterday to save their
client from the gahows. They petitioned
Chief Justice Beatty of the State Supreme
Court for a writ of error, in order that
they night carry the case to the Supreme
Court of the United States on appeal from
the final judgment of the Supreme Court
of California, rendered last week.
Of course, the appellant had to show
that his rights under United States laws
had not been protected. Ihe effort yester
day was to show that Durrant had not
been tried t>y a fair and impartial jury,
and that two of the City newspapers had
done much to prejudice the public in gen
eral against the defendant when he was
on trial.
The petition was based on these
grounds: That Durrant, on May 'Ji, 1895,
was arraigned in the Superior Court of
Ban Francisco on a charge of murder. On
July 8 "an alleged trial was entered upon
seeking to obtain a jury for the trial of
the petitioner. The jury was obtained
over the objections of the defendant, and
that the jury selected was not impartial,
as required by law, and that tbe mode of
trial by such a jury was in direct violation
of Article VI of the amendments to the
| constitution of the United States, wherein
I it is provided that "'ln all criminal prose
! cations the accused shall enjoy the right
I of a speedy and public trial by an impar
i tial jury of the State and district wherein
; the crime shall hare been committed,
( etc.," and also in violation of article V of
the same laws, which provides that, "No
person shall be deprived of iife, liberty or
property without due process of law."
Also that the lists of selection by the Su
perior Court of talesmen wherefrom to se
lect a jury under th» provisions of section
204, C. C. P., was a direct violation of sec
tion 11, article I, of the constitution of the
State of California, and thereby a direct
violation of the provisions of article V and
article VI of the amendments to the
I United States constitution.
The petition states thnt application
j was made for a change of venue on July
| 25, at he could not secure a fair and im
| partial jury in San Francisco. This, too,
was denied, he claims, in violation of the
same amendments. On August 9 efforts
were made to have the editors of the Ex
aminer and Chronicle punished for con
tempt for publishing articles prejudicial
to the defendant, and action on this was
postponed and was never acted upon by
the court.
In referring to tbe jury the petitioner
declared that Jurors Crocker and Nathan
were not impartial, to hij iujury. In con
clusion he asks that a writ of error be
granted and that a stay of proceedings be
ordered in the case until the final determi
nation of (because.
Chief Justice. Beatty lost but little time
in considering the petition, which ha dis-
I missed in this way :
This petition for a writ ol error Is denied.
It does not appear that any rights secured to
the petitioner by the constitution or laws ol
the United States bare been denied or vio
lated, and no sucn question is presented by
the record. Beatty. C J.
April 8. 1897.
It is understood that the prisoner's at
torneys have not given up the tight yet,
but propose to appeal to the United
States Supreme Court.
A IRIGHTFUL DEATH.
William Haubrink'n Skull Crushed
While Stopping a Kunawuy.
William Haubrick, engineer at the
water works in Golden Gate Park, met
with a frightful death yesterday after
noon. A team of horses attached to a
waeon filled with dirt ran away, and Mr.
Haubrick in aitemptine to stop the horses
was thrown under their feet. Before he
could extricate himself one of the wheels
passed over his head, crushing the skuli
and killing him instantly.
The deceased was "28 years old and had
been employed in the park for about
three years. His death has bereaved a
widow and two children.
Mine. Soldene Has Keturned.
Mme. Emily Soldene, the opera-singer, who
is well known in Ban Francisco, where she ap
peared and sang on different occasions years
?.i?o, was among the arrivals on the Monowai
yesterday. She was in Europe for some time
prior to going to the Antipodes. Mme. Soldene
is the author of a book on tne Engligh nobility
that she has met which attracted great atten
tion in some quarters. She has also com
mented quite freely on some of the million
aires of San Francisco.
Illegal Fishing.
Deputy Fish Commissioner Davis yesterday
took four small mesh nets in the Sacramento
River, near t'ollinsville. The owners thereof
evidently learned of Davis' approach aud fled
to escape arrest. The deputy swore out John
Doe warrants for taeir arrest for illegal fishing.
For lots in beautiful Belvedere inquire of ISobert
i.. ilcuill, H£CIU, 405 CaUforolastreeu
BOUGHT THE
TOMBOY MINE
Close of a Two Million
Dollar Deal in This
City.
President William Bailey and 0.
P. Pcsey Formally Transfer
51 Per Cent of Stock.
Mr. Posey Says He and His Partner
May Now Invest in the Mines
of Th s State
President William Bailey and General
Manager O. P. Posey of the famous Tom
boy mine, Telluride, Colo., have arrived
here to formally transfer the mine to the
London Exploration Company, and are at
the Palace.
The Tomboy ig one of the great gold
properties of the West, and one oi the
newer ones. Messrs. Posey and Bailey
bought it about four years ago, when it
was merely a good prospect, a company
was organized' Mr. Bailey toot the presi
dency and Mr. Posey the direct manage
tnent. Under Mr. Posey' s supervision the
Tomboy speedily became a remarkable
producer and its name was one to conjure
with.
Its fame spread abroad and Henry
Bratnober, through instructions from the
London Exploration Company, began to
negotiate Beripusly for the property. The
result was that a purchase was made, and
yesterday the deal was finally closed by
the payment of the money. Mr. Posey
and Mr. bailey met Mr. Mortson, the ex
pert for the Exploration Company; A.
Wortenweiler and others early in the day.
in the evening Mr. Bratnober ana Thomat
Mem arrived.
The sale is one of the biggest, and in all
respects one of the most important that
has taken place in the West for a long
time. The whole of the mine is not sold,
but the controlling interest. The property
is to be worked steadily.
The exploration company has hitherto
bought the Treadwell, the Mexican and
Alaska United mines in Alaska, the Lucky
Boy in Oregon, the Oneicia in Amador
County, ihe Anaconda copper mines in
Montana and properties in Sonora and
New Mexico. It is picking up great mines
wherever it can over the country. It owns
in South Africa, Australia and South
America — wherever, in fact, it can get
something good at a figure that promises
to be proiitable.
Mr. Posey said in regard to the visit of
himself and associate:
"We have come here to formally trans
fer the Tomboy. The agreement :o tell
was made some time ago, when Mr. Brat
nober and Hamilton Smith came to Tellu
ride and examined the mine. Mr. Smith
did not come on to California, but re
turned to London.
"We are selling 51 per cent of the stock
on the basis of $2,000, 000 valuation of the
mine. It is the Rothscuilds wbo are the
heavy men in the company. They are
baying property all over. We heard of
them and encouraged negotiating.
"They would rather buy a part of a
mine in this country than buy it all for
this reason: They have got pretty badly
cinched in sorr.e places by large taxes and
many other waya — there are a dozen ways
of doing it — and they rind if the people
here are in with them their interests are
protected. For a long time they owned
ie-s than half the stock in the Anaconda
for this reason.
••The Tomboy is producing now abont
$100,000 a month, of which $70,000 to $75,
--OUO is net protit. About 200 men are being
employed. The ore is free milling. We
have instead of stamps eight Huntington
crushers, and all housed in such a way as
to make one of the best equipped mines in
tbe West.
"Oar object now is to turn the property
over. Whether 1 ana Mr. Bailey will in
vest in mines in California now is some
thing we hare not decided on hilly yet.
Of course we are going to continue to
mine. That is our business. Our fami
lies are now in Los Angeles. We may be
come interested in some mines before
long."
A LESSON IN ART.
Exquisite Taste Manifested In
Raphael's Easter Window
Decoration.
No other proof is necessary to establish the
art-loving tendencies of the inhabitants of the
City than the constantly moving throng that
crowded about Raphael's handsomely deco
rated Easter window yesterday. Men, women
and children stopped and gazed and wondered
at the enchanting results achieved by the
skillful decorator.
In the middle of the vast windows is a mini
ature chariot fashioned of a mammoth Easter
eg«r. A snow-white goat with silver trappings
is harnessed to the equipage which seems in
the very act of rolling away to fairy land on
its rainbow-hued spangled silver wheels.
Garlands of deep purple pansles cling lov
ingly round the body of the miniature car
riage. The effect of the whole is as strikingly
beautiful as it is appropriate to the approach
ing joyous Eastertide.
Art and enterprise for once are harmoniously
joined and the handsome figures displaying
the latest Easter fashions, instead of detract
ing, on the contrary ndd to the beauty of the
central figure. Mr. Raphael, who has done
many things for which San Francisco is justly
proud and grateful, is to be congratulated on
this, his last and greatest achievement.
NEW TO-DAY.
El Belmont
Clear ■
Havana— l
Cigars
FINER THAN EVER.
FOR SALE BY ALL DEALERS.
ALL COLORS.
TAKE NO SUBSTITUTE.
RINALDO
fc>KOS. pacific
& Cd *» S . COaST
300-302 Battery Street. S. F.
WnElfs Man Veptable Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons who
have used them for over tort v years to cure
S CX HEADACHE, GIDDINKSs, C >NSTIPA-
TIO.N, torpid Liver, Weak siomuch, Pimples and
purify tbe blood. . /
Grossman's Specific MixtoFß
With this remedy persons tan cure themselves
without th« least exposure, change of diet, or
change In application to business. The ■ medicine
contains nothing that is of the least injury to I the
constitution. Ask your druggist for it. Price, $1
• bottle. .
NEW TO-DAT— DRY GOODS.
LEADERS md t a hi v i
LmjM liu ivu linliA i !
NE"W GOODS
AT CUT PRICES !
Although every department of our colossal New Spring Stock
is BRIMMING WITH BARGAINS we, as usual, close the week with
an offering of
EXTRA SPECIAL ATTRACTIONS!
LACES! LACES! LACES!
1nf»~! VORY AND GUTTER ORIENTAL GUIPURE LACE, 4 to 7 inches wide;
-i-wv Ivory and Butter Applique and Cbantiliy Laces, 3to 4 inches wide; regular
value 25c. *
20r»~i VOR AND GUTTER ORIENTAL GUIPURE LACE, 4to 8 inches wide;
*.\r\j Ivory, Butter and Black Applique and ChantUly Laces, 3 to 5 inches wide;
regular value 30c. .. \ ■
2f>r»,~ IVOR X AND BUTTER NET TOP IRISH CROCHET LACE. 4 to 8 inches
wkj -wide; Ivory, Butter and Black Applique and Chantilly Laces, 4to 6 inches
wide; regular value 40c
35f»,~£ VORY ' BUTTER AN BLACK APPLIQUE AND CHANTILLY LACES,
w\j sto 7 inches wide ; Ivory and Butter Net Top Crochet Laces, sto 8 inches wide :
regular value SOe. .
SI 00 tO B T U T T S S AND IVORY VENISE. CROCHET AND POINT
±mVX ' ?' ARAB ALL-OVERS, 18 inches wide, at $1, $1 25, $1 50, $2 $2 50, $3 and
$3 50 per yard.
NECKWEAR! NECKWEAR!
Rnr^ OVE FR TS ' RUCHES, BOLEROS, COLLARETTES, YOKES, JA-
bUlsand FICHUS at moderate prices.
LADIES WAISTS!
sOc-^ D w s^ "^ 11 ™ SHIRT WAISTS, "Stanley" make, detachable col-
"vu lars, will be offered at 50c each.
75ft~ LADIES ' LAUNDERED SHIRT WAISTS, detachable collars, in all fancy
• wvj stripes and figures, will be offered at 75c each.
$1 LADIE m, LA^ N AND DIMITY SHIRT WAISTS, in all the latest pat-
<p±.\J\J terns, will be offered at *1 each.
©1 tO~~ LADIES ' FANCY DIMITY AND FIGURED LAWN WAIBTS, in the
tjpx.vv very latest figured patterns, regular price $1 75, will bo offered at $150 each.
LADIES' KID GLOVES!
70p~ 110 dozen 3 ' CL ASP CHAMOIS SKIN GLOVES, in natural color and white
I \j\j regular price $1, on special sale at 70c a pair.
70C~^°?mr°v| n - 6 - BUTT , ON , LENGTH MOUSQUETAIRE CHAMOIS-SKIN
• vvj GLOVES, in natural color and white, regular price $1, on special sale at 70c
a pair.
BOYS' SAILOR SUITS!
50C-^d Y v ; s NAVY BLUE AND TAN STRIPED DUCK SUITS with embr ° id -
<J VU ered vests, ages 4to 10, blouse and pants 50c.
7nf»,~ B ?.T S ' D ? CX SAILOR SUITS, in navy, tan, cardinal mode, etc., either in
• v yj solid shades or fancy striped, with embroidered and soutache trimmed collars
cuffs and pockets, ages 4 to 10, blouse and pants 75c '
OO" 1 0^' r>UCK SAILOR SUITS, infancy colors, almost any shade, very
ItUU handsomely trimmed, or in white linen with blue anchor, embroidered
vests, ages 3 to 10, blouse and pants $1.
HOSIERY AND CORSETS!
9^-200 dozen LADIES' FAST BLACK HOSE, black with white feet and Richelieu
£dtr\j ribbed, worth 40c; price 25c
yQlp^-100 dozen LADIES' FAST BjIACK LISLE THREAD PLAIN AND RICH-
ODiij ELIEU RIBBED HOSE, worth $6 per dozen; 3 pairs for $1.
C)^p-100 dozen CHILDREN'S 1-1 RIBBED AND CABLE-RIBBED HOSE extra
£.vKj heavy, double heels and soles, ail sizes, at 25c; worth 40c.
7^/»— 50 dozen LADIES' CORSETS, long waist, handsomely embroidered black
tOKj and drab, at 75c; worth $1. '
AT ABOUT HALF PRICE!
1500 DOZES LAW HANDKERCHIEFS!
We have just placed on sale A GREAT SPECIAL PURCHASE
of LADIES' HEMSTITCHED HANDKERCHIEFS, which we se-
cured AT ABOUT HALF ORDINARY COST on account of manu-
facturer's imperfections. These imperfections are so slight as to
be HARDLY PERCEPTIBLE and at the figures quoted below the
goods are •
BARGAINS NONE SHOULD MISS ! §
At 5 Cents Eaoli.
500 dozen LADIES' WHITE HEMSTITCHED LAWN HANDKERCHIEFS tare
slightly imperfect), regular price $1 20 per dozen, will be offered at 5c each.
AX TV* Cents Each.
500 dozen LADIES WHITE HEMSTITCHED LINEN HANDKERCHIEFS (are
slightly imperfect), regular price $1 50 per dozen, will be offered at 7}£c each.
At 1 1 0 Cents Each.
300 dozen LADIES' WHITE HEMSTITCHED LINEN HANDKERCHIEFS (are
slightly imperfect), regular price $2 per dozen, will be offered at 10c each.
At is'- Cents ESaoli.
200 dozen LADIES' WHITE HEMSTITCHED LINEN HANDKERCHIEFS (are
slightly imperfect), regular price $3 per dozen,, will bo offered at 12J£c each.
AX 15 Cents Each. v^>-<'
200 dozen LADIES' WHITE HEMSTITCHED LINEN HANDKERCHIEFS (are
slightly imperfect), regular price $4 per dozen, will be offered at 15c each.
NEW WASH FABRICS AT BARGAIN PRICES ! |§
HIGH NOVELTY FRENCH PRINTED OPEN-WORK ORGANDY, our 12^c r A
leader, on sale this week at - .....yard <JO
YARD WIDE NEW PERCALES, good cloth and colorings Q n
• yard */C
TAILOR-MADE SUITING, Covert Cloth effects, a new wash fabric ...... mi
yard I£ 2C
FINE WEAVE WHITE INDIA LINOS that is well worth 15c a yard; this 1A „
week at yard JLUO
. NOTE.— As above will not last long samples cannot be given.
/ Mf M~ MURPHY BUILDING, /
{/[/ Mariet Street, Comer of Jones, /