VOLUME "IXXXI.-XO. 157.
DEEP SORROW
SETTLES UPON
ALL EUROPE
Victims of the Paris Fire
Mourned in Many-
Courts
SCORES OF BODIES YET
UNIDENTIFIED.
Full Extent of the Horror
Will Probably Never
Be Known.
BUT ONE AMERICAN AMONG THE
UNFORTUNATES.
Madame Porgas, a Philadelphia
Heiress, Lost Her Life in the
Flames— The Countess de
Castellane Not One of
the Missing.
PARIS, Ff.anoe, May s.— The burning
of the Grand Bazaar de Chaiue yesterday
was more terrib.e than any catastrophe
that has occurred on the Continent since
the burning of the Ring Theater in Vi
enna in November, 1881, where 800 lives
were lost. At 10 o'clock this morning the
bodies of sixty-seven victims had been
identified, and forty-four others whic:i had
been taten out of the ruins were still un
claimed and unidentified.
Margaret Hogan, a niece of Mayor
Strong of New York, was one of four
ladies who was assisting the Duchesse
d'Alencon at her stall at the bazaar. She
was the oi:ly one of the four who escaped.
She was just going to tne farther end ol
the hall with the duchesse when the cry of
"Fire!" wa^ raised. She remembers noth
ing that happened afterward, except be
ing dragged by the hair from beneath a
pile of women and children in front of
the burning building. She is completely
prostrated and confined to her bed.
THE DUCHESSE D'ALENCON, a V-ctims of the Paris Fire.
[Beprodnetd from a picture taken just, ajter her marriage.]
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
Miss Hogan's mother arrived a few
minutes before the catastrophe. Seeing
the crowds awaiting admission she left,
intending to return later.
Mrs. F. B. Gilmore of New York had a
narrow escape. She was a saleswoman
with Mme. Costa Beauregard. Suddenly
a servant cried: "Madame, sauvez vous!
Voila le feu!" (Madam, save yourself!
Fire!) Mrs. Gilmore preserved her cool
ness and hastened to the main entrance,
where the peoDle were already falling in
the crush. She saw the danger of b?ing
trampled and quickly rushed to the rear
and escaped to the street with others
through a window.
Other Americans had marvelous escapes.
Several Brazilians and Mexicans are in
jured or missing.
More than 140 of the dead had been ac
counted for up to evening. Dr. Nachtol,
director of ambulances, says that this
gives a very inexact idea of the total who
lost their lives. He declares that dozens
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY MORNING, MAY 6, 1897.
Interior of the Building in Which the Bazaar Was Held* It Represented a Street in Medieval Paris*
of persons were completely calcined.
Workingmen in large numbers are busy
searching the ruin*, being protected from
danger by portions of the fallen metal
roof, which has been shoved up.
The Due d'Alancon, who was himself
injured in getting out of the burning
building, remained near the scene all
night waiting lor some definite informa
tion with regard to the Duches3e, who is
numbered among the missing. The Due
was finally Dersuaded to leave this morn
ing, the search for the body of the Duchesse
having proved so far fruitless.
A wedding-ring was found in the ruins
this morning. It bears this insciption:
"September 28, 1&68. Ferdinand d'Or
leans to bophie Charlotte de Bavaria."
Immediately after the finding of the
wedding-ring a silver ring and a watch
with a gold ornament were picked up, and
these were identified by a servant as
having been worn by the Duchesse yester
day. Soon after the body of the Duchesse
d'Alencon was recovered. The maid ex
amined the body carefully. The head
was burned to a cinder and most of the
clothing was gone. The maid identified
the lady by a fragment of stocking. To
make the identification more absolute the
dentist of the Duchesie was summoned.
He finally identified the body by gold
fillings in the teeth and other signs.
When it was established beyond doubt
that the body was that of the Duchess it
was placed upon a bier, around which the
family domestics fell on their knees and
offered prayer* for the dead. The scene
was very impressive and the attendant
priests were moved to tears.
Throughout the night immense crowds
surrounded the Palace d'lndustrie where
the recovered bodies were deposited, ana
the numbers increased as the night wore
on. Very few of the friends of the miss
ing ones were admitted until 6 o'clock
this morning. A strong cordon of police
kept order.
General Munier, who was badly injured,
died in the hospital last night. He suc
ceeded in fighting his way out of the
burning building with his clothing afire.
On getting outside he threw himself into
a watering trough in the stable yard op
posite, but he was so badly burned that
he could not survive the shock.
President Faure visited the injured this
morning and redeied every assistance
possible.
Dime. Flores, wife of the Minister from
Ecuador, who died in the hospital last
night, expired just as her husband reached
her bedside.
The following description of the conduct,
of the Sisters of Mercy who perished in
the flames is given by ono of their num
ber who succeeded in getting out of the
burning building:
"Tfae last I saw of my companions they
were clinging together and crossing them
selves, making no effort to escape. As I
was trying to make my way to an exit a
lady whose veil was in flames clasped me
in her arms and kissed me, saying: 'Come.
sister, we will go to beaveir-together.' I
got away from her and escaped. She re
mained iii the building and was burned to
death."
The identification of the victims of the
bazaar disaster proceeded throughout the
afternoon and late to-night. Thirty bodies
lyine in the Palais d'lndustrie are as yet
unidentified. No Americans have been
four.d among the victims thus far except
those who had been living in France for
many years and regarded France as their
country. Mme. Theodore Forges, one of
the victims, was formerly Miss Weiss
we iller of the United States.
The report that Monsignor C!ari, Papal
Nuncio, perished in the fire turns out to
have been incorrect. The Nuncio to-day
sent a long dispatch to the I'ope, inform
ing him of the details of the catastrophe,
and in reply received a message stating
that his Holiness was profoundly affected.
Cardinal Richard, Archbishop of Paris,
who has been visiting Rome, left that
city and is returning to Paris.
At a special meeting of the Cabinet this
evening, attended by President Faure, all
of the Ministers in the City were present.
The President read telegrams of nympathy
which had been received from foreign
rulers. The messaee from Emperor Wil
liam began, "Allow me to share in the
mourning into which Paris and the whole
f France have been plunged."
It concluded, "May God comfort all un
happy ones now weeping for lives dear to
them."
Minister Hanotaux of Foreign Affairs
announced that all of the diplomats in
Paris had visited the Foreign Office to
offer condolences.
The Government has decided to hold a
memorial service in the Cathedral of
Notre Dame for the unknown dead and
for any of the victims whose relatives de
sire to share cherein. President Faure
will attend the services, at which Cardi
nal Richard will officiate. The Govern
ment will ask Parliament to grant a credit
for the relief of any necessitous relatives
of the dead.
President Faure has canceled all social
engagements for the week. Several Min
isters who were in the country returned to
the city as soon as they heard the news of
the disaster.
The Minister of Justice communicated
to his colleagues to-night the first results
of tbe inquiry into the causes of the fire.
The investigatinc magistrate, M. Bertolu,
reports that there was great carelessness
and imprudence in the principal arrange
ments for the bazaar.
Mgr. Clari, the Papal Nuncio, who had
attended to pronounce his blessing upon
the bazaar, says he was talking to
Duchesse d'Alencon at 3:50 o'clock. He
adds:
"Around me was a group of blind
children. Several of these must have
perished. My heart is bleeding to think
of all these poor creatures. It is too hor
rible to speak of. My nerves are in a ter
rible state."
Vicomte Damas identified his wife's
body by a piece of hair cloth, which she
wore next to her skin as a member of the
Third Order of St. Frances.
Former Consul-General S. E. Morris,
who is awaiting the arrival of his suc
cessor, has been unremitting in his en
daavors to learn if there were any Ameri
cans in the fire. He made searches in the
American colony and inquiries elsewhere,
and said in an interview to-day:
"I; was singularly fortunate that there
was only one American victim. This was,
indeed, remarkable, because just now
there is an unusually lar^e number of
Americans in Paris. They are generous
supporters of such fetes as the grand
Bazaar de Chsrite; and, moreover, it gave
them a favorable opportunity for getting
into close quarters with tho aristocracy and
many of the celebrities of Paris.
"Mme. Porges was the only American
victim. She was Miss Weisweiller. Her
daughter accompanied her to the bazaar
and escaped uninjured. The Porches fam
ily reside at Vienna. The rumor that
Cora tense Castellane was among the miss
ing is untrue."
M. Jean Raffaelli, the painter, says:
"My daughter bad the mark of heels
stamped into her back. She was trampled
in a heap at the door near the main en
trance. Her mother tried to pull her
from the blazing fire; bat she said, 'It is
useless. Save yourself, as I shall die in
THE PALAIS DE INLUSTRIF, Where ths Bodies of the Dead Awa t Identification.
any case.' Her mother replied, 'I shall
not leave you. I will take you or stay
and die with you.' Both escaped, though
severely injured."
The mother of the four-year-old child,
Alfred David, one of the victims, arrived
during the day for the purpose of taking
the body away with her. It was decided,
however, that it was impossible to show
her the ghastly remains of her child.
When this news was communicated to
the unfortunate mother, in a}paFoxysm of
grief she tried to force her way into the
mortuary hall, screaming, "I will see my
child !"
Eventually it was found necessary to
forcibly remove the poor woman. Mme.
David lost her husband a month ago and
her only other child died two weeks ago.
Priests accompanied each group of
mourners and very gradually the mort
uary hall was relieved of its ghastly con
tents. The resources of pombes funebres
have been taxed to their utmost, all
PRICE^KJVE CENTS.
hearses and carriages being in constant
nse.
The fact that the faces ana heads of the
victims were so horribly charred and dis
figured is explained by the fact that the
capes worn were generally of flimsy ma
terial and were the first articles of apparel
to catch tire.
An eye-witness describes the scene as
follows:
"The women mostly wore light cos
tumes and those who escaped from the
furnace were screaming 'Fire I Help I'
The faces of many of them were covered
with blood. From time to time children
ran out of the burning building crying
foi their mothers. A number of women
of the poorer classes standing in the
crowd at the risk of burning themselves
tore flaming clothing from the persons of
the fnd;es as the latter dashed in terra*
through the streets.
"The bazaar at that moment was noth
ing more or less than a huge br..zier. as
the heat was unbearable we made our way
to some vacant ground between the bazaar
and Convent of Rue Bayard and joined a
handful of workmen who were trying to
rescue people from the flames by means of
a ladder too short to avail much. While
the work of rescue was in progress,
heartrending cries from the rear attracted
us. Two women who had just escaped
from the flames were lying writhing on tba
ground just beyond the margin of fire.
We darted in that direction, and as we
neared them pieces of burning debris fell
in showers upon our heads and we were
unable to reach these unfortunates, who
were then burning like torches. They
had ceased to stir and they soon entirely2
disappeared in the flames and the wit
nesses of this awful scene moaned and
wept.
"The awful drama was then at its % height.
In tne midst of hissing, cracking flames
heard the shrieks of victims, but they
were epeediiy stifled. Seeing the hope
lessness of attempung to save the bazaar,
the firemen turned their attention to the
adjoining convent, up tne walls of which
the flames were leaping. In a few mo
ments tiie bazaar collapsed with a frightful
crash, envelopinc the vicinity in flaming
debri*. I was then aD'e to approach it.
'On all sides were bodies, many of them
stretcned on their backs, with arms ex
tended as though appealing for help.
Others were still burning, their bodies
emitting a crackliag sound and a sicken
ing odor. The space in which we w<?re
standing was speedily invaded by despair
ing crowds of relatives, some of whom
had to be forcibly prevented from leaping
into the flames. It was impossible then
to find those wnom they sought in the
heap of shriveled limbs, twistad bodies
and blackened, grinning faces."
The bazaar was situated opposite the
Kothscliild stables. Gamard, a groom in
the employ of the Rothschilds, witnessed
the whole scene. He says:
"At 4:20 yesterday afternoon I saw the
Comtes-e de Reese rush into ihe street
from the bazaar shouting 'Firel' I looked
up and saw nothing but a little smoke
rising from the structure, and I could not
tnink why the woman wa» in such a fright,
when suddenly 1 heard a confused mur
mur, deepening into a roar. Then the
roof of the bazaar burst into flames like
a box of matches. Initantly there tss a
terribie rush of reople like a wave into
the street. Fearful frror was depicted
on each face. The hair of some was
burning.
"There was such a rush from the inside
of the building to the door that tea
women fell in a heap on the pavement,
and uose following piled on top, crush
ing and bruising the helpless ones.
Women shrieked with agony.
"I rushed out and tried to lift some of
them up, but was driven back by the
frenzied crowd following. Many of them
threw themselves on the ground and
rolled over from side to side in their at
tempts to stifle the flames. One lady
reached the streets in safety and then,
noticing that her child was lost, she
forced her way back, biting and scratch
ing like a mad creature, and succeeded
in re-entering the furnace. She never
again emerged.
"Men with their hair and beards in
flames came out among the women. Gen
eral Meunier, with his clothes ablaze and
in great agony, rushed into the courtyard
in front of the stables and plunged into a
trough of water. Forty persons sought
refuge in Baron Rothschild's house. La
dies with their dresses in flames rolled
upon the stones of the couttyard, utterine
frightful jhneks.
"I fetched a hose and turned water on
the burning Deople, and so saved several
of them from being roasted alive. I also
assisted several women who wera almost
naked, their clothing having been burned
or torn off their bodies, in reaching the
Hospital Beaujon. According to my esti
mate barely five minutes elapsed between
the time when I went to the hospital and
the time when I returned, when the ba
zaar was no longer in existence."
Mrs. William Astor left the bazaar a
quarter of an hour before the conflagra
tion.
Miss Fane, a sister of Frederic* Fane,
on American residing in Rue Prony, who
was almost totally deaf, was in the center
of the building when the fire broke out.
Her escape was largely due to her in
firmity. She saw the fire without hearing
the tumult ensuing on the discovery and
made her way to an exit, being among
the first to reach it.
The Baroness de Selliers, formerly Mrs.
L vermore, of New York, also reached the
door among the first.
In comparatively few instances of suf
focation the features are placid, those of
Mme. Jacque being almost pleasant in her
sudden sieep of death. In the list of dead
are found no country visitors yet, but it is
certain there was a large contingent, not i
only from provincial chateaux, bat from
Belgium.
The Countess de Castellane, at first !
thought to be among the dead, had been i
invited to be present at the bazar yester
day, but owing to her having attended a
Charitable fete in Rue de Sieze the day be
fore she put off her visit until to-day. To
this she probably owea her life.
Consul-General Morss was passing near
Kue Jena, riding on a bicyc/e, when the
cry of fire was raised. He leit the ma
chine in the street and devoted himself
all night to assisting the firemen. Mr.
Whitney of Boston, an old volunteer fire
man, who is now living in Paris, also as
sisted the firemen in the work of rescue
until daybreak.
One mystery is now cleared. The vic
tims were besmeared with flaming tar
and other inflammable compounds drop
ping from the roof, and this was why
there was no prelude of asphyxia. The
women were singei by licking flames and
literally burned alive, as would-be res
cuers cobbed and wrung their bands in
powerless despair. This accounts also for
the terrific phenomen of bursting bodies
full of blood and life only a few seconds
before.
The unidentified bodies as well as the
jewels recovered from the debris hay«»
been photographed.
Among the last to escape from the burn
ing building was Baronne de Reuter, for
merly Miss Beatrice Potter of Philadel
phia.
♦
BODIES PILED IN HEAPS.
Eye-Witnesses Describe the Fire
and the Frantic Rush for
Exits.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 5. -The Her
ald'? special says in describine the scenes
after tbe tire:
The Rue Jean Qoujon was almost im
passable. Of the bazaar building, in
which only a few hours before everything
had been gay and beautiful, there re
mained only a few charred poles. Inside
the wrecked building there was nothine
but pieces of rags, wood and human re
mains.
The firemen were digging among the
cebris in search of the bodies. There were
rot enough ambulances, and the bodies
had to be placed in wraps. Then tame
soldiers, police and firemen to carry av.oy
tbe dead, and they all worked in silence
and with a will.
Tbe soldiers carried sheets in whi<;h to
wrap up and transport the bodies con
veniently. There were woruen nurses
Roster of the Killed and Injured in the Paris Bazaar Disaster.
The bodies of the following have been recoverei:
THE DUCHESS D'ALENCON.- '-7.^ *'
XILLE. HENRIETTA HINTHSDAL
BARONNE ELIS \BETH ST. MARTIN.
VICOXITESSE MARIE BONNEVAL.
SISTER (HIXOIB, Superior or the Sisters of the
Convent of St. Vincent de Paul at Rainey.
XILLE. DE GRANCY.
I'OMTrSSE ST. PIERRE.
BARON ST. DIDIER.
XIXIE. LAURIENT COSSELIN.
XIi.LE. L. CHIVGn'Y.
XIXIE. FLOBi Z, wife of the Spanish Consul,
COXITESSE XIIKAXIEL.
COM! ESSE BRO.'EiiVILLE.
VICTOR COSSELIN.
SISTER LEONIE GITLLAUME.
XI ME. HAUSSMANN.
XIXIE. SCHLUXIBERGER.
COXITES »E HUXIOLSTEIN.
XIV g QUISE DE XIASON.
XIXIE. VENTLXIESNIL.
XIME. BOCKIEKA, wife of the well-known Bui
sian banker. ' _ '"•
xixrE. POIiEVIN.
XIXIE. JACQUES HAUSSXIANN.
The daughters of XI. Shevlly.
XIXIE. XIANDAT GRANCY.
XIXIE, LAN ERIE.
MXIE DE COSSARD.
XIXIE. DES PIERKES.
MLLE. DE BE ».UVAIS.
XILLE ELOXTE VAUBERVIETTE.
XILLE. LOUISE GERONDAU.
XILLE. XIARIE SIMON.
XILLE. ZIE GOSSE.
THE IUCHESS DE ST. DIDIER.
BARON CARVEL DE ST. MARTIN.
BARON DE I.ACMONT.
BARON DE XIACKOU.
COXHESSE de xiun.
COXITESSE DE serkurier.
c xitesse de GEFFULHE.
COXITESSE de LA bi.elterc.
COXITESSE DE VALLIN.
COXITESSE de SUBERSAC.
COXITESSE carayon la tour. ?
VICOXITESSE DE XIALESIEUX
XIXIE. xioreau, SON AND four DAUGHTERS.
xixie. dp: satang. y
xi me LOWAL.
xi me. BERGES.
XIXIE. de grandxiason.
XIXIE. BERNARD.
xixie DUFRESSEU.
xixie. dp; xiarauval.
xime. GERMAIN de XIAZIESS.
XIXIE. NICOL.
XIXIE. DE VATISXIENIL.
xime. XIONTI.
xime. PIERRE de loxie.
XIXIE. cuvillie.
XIXIE. CHAQUIS.
XIXIE. GOSSELIN.
xixie. chonipp:.
hue. xiostiers
XIXIE. pourges.
XIXIE. bkatieb de THINV.
mxie. DERXIAIN.
xixie. suquet.
from L'Hospital Beaujon also with sheets
waiting to cover up the dead before they
were taken away in ambulances.
When I arrived the men were tearing
away aeDris ue^r the western wall, which
bounded what had beeu the b«aar.
There the bodies were literally found
piled in heaps and their position seemed
to indicate That a terror-stricken rush had
taken place-or was it an instinctive hud
dling together in the face of death?
I saw spools of thread, which had
doubles fallen out of some lady's work
bag There were pieces of underskirts all
over the ruins and fragments of woolen
garments and corset covers. The tiny
little slippers were everywhere to be seen,
crisp but entire, only charred by the heat.
Fragments of bodies were so thickly
strewn around that one had to walk very
carefully for fear of stepping on portions
of the remains. Those codies that I saw
pulled out were almost invariably burned
at the head and feet, and the arms, too,
were generally terribly charred. Moot of
the bodies I saw had the head burst quite
A iittle book at my feet was half burned,
but 1 saw the title, "Eucyclopedie dcs
Ouvroges dcs Dames." Oa one side was
a pile of valuables, jewels, etc., guarded
by policemen. I sftw little metallic purses,
some of gold. There were bracelets and
rings completely free from flesh, showing
how terrible had been the Uames in their
fury. Then I saw reticules, some com
paratively intact.chains, locfcets.pincenez,
watches. One watch I noticed had stopped
at half-past 4.
Mile, le Comte of 22 Rue Jean Goupn
said: "The tire broke out at half-past i.
o'clock. It was terribly sudden. The
haat was worse than the smoke. You
could not go out into the street for fear of
the heat The bazaar burned up just as
if the wood had been soaked with kero
sene. I should think there were 3500 peo
ple there, because, you know, the Nuncio
was there during the afternoon, ana that
Ide it an extra attraction.
He had hardly leit when the flames
•st out. They seemed to spring up
tn ali over. They shot up clear into the
and the heat was thrown out on all
us. So tierce was it that all the win
dows and shop fronts opposite were
! cracked or burst open. Birds in the win
dows dropped dead from their perches as
if struck by lightning, and many of the
neighbors were so paralyzed with lear
that they did not know what to do.
"The tire lasted only about twenty min
utes, but such r twenty minutes I shall
never forget. Women ran shrieking into
the street and fell dead in the roadway,
overcome by the heat and burning from
head to foot."
I found among the dead Mme. Kahn,
cousin of the Lord Mayor of London, of
Sir Campbel, and Lady Clarke and Sir R.
Lawson.
ELIZABETH'S GRIEF.
Austria's Empress Prostrated by
tha News of Her Sister's
Death.
VIENNA, Austria, May s.— Empress
Elizabeth is completely prostrated by the
tragic death of her sister, the Duchesse
d'Alenccn, who died in yesterday's fire at
Paris. She remains in her room, ad
mitting nobody and refusing to teke focd.
As if foreboding something, the Em
press asked for her papers earlier than
usual, but the ladies in attendance shrank
from producing them, making excuses.
Her Majesty, however, obtained them
somehow and tie shi.ck was terrible.
There is serious apprehension for her deli
cate health.
The Due d'Alencon* telegraphed to the
Emperor this forenoon announcing the
dea h o: the Duchesse. President Fame
sent to t*;e Kmperor and Empress a tele
gram of condolence, through the French
Embassador.
Thea.nner which wa3 to be given to
the Queen Regent and Que-n of Holland
at Cn teau lainz, wlure iiie Emperor and
Empress are staying. ha« been canceled.
GOULDS NO. WORRYING.
Are Confidant Tnat the Countsss cf
C3Stellane Was Noc In the
B ziar.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 5 -The repor;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 6, 1897.
XILLE XIADELAINE LANDEUCOUER.
XILLE. LE CRIC. -V.'"' [,:,.. ■
XIXIE. DE HOUVE.
XIXIE. MARIA CATRIAN.
MXIE. KAHN. /'f^^"-
MME. COHEN.
XIXIE. LOUISE LOURXIAND.
XIME. TOULAY.
XI XI f. DE FARDENNER.
XIXIE DE CLERMONT.
XIXIE. DE RIEVIERE.
XIXIE DIVOURT.
MXIE. DE VAUVENARGUES.
XIME. LE NORXIAND.
XILLE. ESTHER CUVILLIER.
MLLE. CARTERON.
XILLE DE GRANCY.
SISTER GILHOUS.
SISTER VIRGINIE THOMAZEAU, Xlother Supe
rior of the Sisters and re.
SISTER JULIA GARIVET.
XIXIE. OE BOUTHILLIER.
MXIE. CHAVIGNY.
XIXIE. DE VALENCE.
XIME. VIXIONT.
XIME. DE XIERNVALLE.
MXIE LA GRANDE.
XIXIE. HUZAR.
XILLE. JACQCIN.
XILLE. VEHH VSSELDT
XI. SABATIER.
XI. JOSEPH DORM.
XI. LEON GCELLAXIET.
XI. JACQUES HAUfcSXIANN.
GENERAL XIEUNIER.
FATHER XIAEBEAU.
BARON DE SHONLE.
COXITE DE BONEVAL.
VICOXITE DE ST. PIERCE.
VICOMTEDE CHAVIGNY.
XIXIE. ZURRIER, wife of one or the most promi
nent generals of the French army.
XIXIE. WIRNED. wife of General Wlrned.
XIXIE. CHEVAL, wife or General Cheval.
XIXIE. CARBONET.
XIXIE. DE BAUDIER.
D. JANG.
XIME. COXICAN.
XILLE. FIN CAUL.
ALFRED DAVID, lour years old.
Among the seriously injured aret
DUCHESsK DE LA TORRI.
COXITESSE DERAINCY.
COXITE DE XIONTCLAIR.
COMTE DE DEVIBIN.
XIXIE MA CEDE.
XIME. R. CAXIIER.
XIME. DE LAUNE.
XIME. HYSTEK.
XIXI i: EDOUARD ANDRE.
XIXIE. DE LA TOUR DUPIN.
XIME. XIALEZIEUX.
MLLE. FEBREVE.
Vlt OXITESSE OE LUCAY.
XIARQUISE DE LUBERSAC.
XIXIE. EAI FOLLI, wile or the well-known painter,
race burned, but her eyes escaped Injury.
MLLE. RAFFOLLI, daughter of the painter, arms
burned and body covered with bruises.
that many Americans might be amoner
the killed and injured in the Paris fire
alarmed friends and relatives of American
travelers who are supposed to be in Paris.
The rumor that Countess Castellane, for
merly Auna Gould, was in the building
at the time of the fire are not generally
credited here, although George Gould said
to-day that as many of his friends had
booths at the bazaar ha thought it ex
tremely likely that she had one too.
"We are not worrying, however," said
Gouid, "because if anything had hap
pened to sister I should have heard by
this time, 1 am sure. Ifine was even
missine we should have he^rd, so I don't
think there is any occasion for me to
worry."
The Vicoratesse d'Avenel who was in
jured in the Paris fire is a daughter of the
late James Meinel, formerly a leather
merchant here. He had three daughters
and all married titles. These were Laura,
who married the Vicorate d'Avenel
twenty years aso, and who has since
lived in Paris; Nina, who became Vicom
tesse de la Tournelle, and Augusta, who
married the Baron de Vlenck. Ail three
girls were conspicuous in society nere and
Laura was a linguist and musician of
ability. Her husband, Vicomte d'Avenel,
has a large estate in a suburb of Paris and
is a famous horticulturist, his collection
being among the finest in France. He ia
a contributor to the leading French peri
odicals and recently published a series of
articles on economics in the Revue dcs
Deux Mondes.
Mme. Uoskir and Mme. Roland-Gosse
lin, second daughter of Mme. HosKir,
who lost their lives in the fire, were aunt
and cousin, respectively, of H. C. Hoskir
of the banking bouse of L. yon Hoffman
& Co. of this city. Mme. Hoskir's husband
is the bead of the Pans banking house of
Hoskir <fc Co., whose New YorK correspon
dents are Heidelbacb, Ickelbcimer & Co.,
ana was on his way to St. Petersburg at the
time of the fire. M. Roland-Gosselin is
one of twenty agents de change of Paris.
Mme. Hoskir's third daughter and Mme.
Pierre GiroJ, another relative of H. C.
Hoskir, were also in the bazaar, but
escaped.
M. LEPINE'S EXCUSE.
Why the Police Supervision of the
Charity Bazaar Was In
adequate.
LONDON. Eng , May s.— There is a dis
position to censure M. L«pine, Prefect of
tha Paris Police, for lack of police super
vision and inspection of buildings. Ac
cording to a dispatch received by the
Daily News Lepine's excuse it that the
patrons and patronesses of the bazaar
were all reactionists, and be feared to
meddle lest he be accussed of trying to
suppress a Catholic enterprise. Moreover,
many of the organizers of the fair were
Rallies whom the Government wished to
oblige. It may be said that the tire pre
vented the loss of thousands of lives at
the coming international exhibition,
where the same inflammable and unsuit
able model of old Paris would probably
have been erected.
The papers teem with interesting narra
tives by survivors and eye-whnesses.
The Times publishes an interview which
its Paris correspondent had with the
Duches-se d'Uzes. She said:
"The first gleam of fire came from a
spot but a short distance from where I
was standing. I was dazzled, so swiltly
did the flames spread. 1 can compare it
only to the bursting of a rocket. There
was no such thing in my case as reaching
the main entrance, but near me was a
small door leading to a waste piece of
ground behind the bazaar structure. I
dnsb d through this and was soon in the
open air, though ntiil in an lnclosure. I
had p.isseJ, as it were, under an archway
of riime?, but was only slightly burned.
The hair above my left temple was
singed."
THE DUCHcbS L'ALENCON.
Her Daath Will Sand Most of the
■ R-yai H m >s of Europe
In:o Mourning, .
The horrible tleatli of the Duchess
d'AI p.con will c.niso nearly every court
in E'iri/p' ,uo iiiu> nv>urn;ii;>. Princess
Sophie Oiiariotte Augustine was Uie sev
enth chid of Maximiliun. Duke in
Bavaria of the line of Palatine Princes
of Zweibrucken-Burkenfeld ana Princess
Ludovics of Bavaria, and was born in
Munich February 22, 1847. She was mar
ried September 28, 18ti8, at Passenhofen
to Ferdinand Philippe Marie of Orleans,
Duke of Alencoa, second son of the Duke
of Nemoure.
Her eldest sister, Princess Caroline
Louise Helene, married Maximilian,
hereditary Prince of Thurn and Taxi-.
Her second sister, Elizabeth Aaiilie Eu
genic, ten years her senior, was married
at Vienna April 24, 1854, to Francis Joseph
I, Emperor of Austria.
Her second brother married, first, Prin
cess Sopie of Saxony, and second, Prin
cess Marie Josepba of Braganza, Portugal.
Her third sister, Princess Marie Sopie
Amelie, married, February 3, 1859,
Francis. Prince Royal of Naples, Duke of
Calabria, afterward King of the Two Sici
lies. Her next oldest sister, Princess
Mathilde Ludovique, married Prince
Louis of Bourbon, Count di Troni.
Her younger Drother, Prince Maximil
ian, married, heptemb?r 20, 1875, Princess
Amalia, daughter of Augustus, uncle of
the reigning Duke of Saxe-Cobur«-Gotna
and brother of King Ferdinand of Port
ugal- , :
7HURSTON PREDICTS RUIN.
Says Abrogation of the Hawaiian Treaty
Means Disaster to the Islands'
Business Interests.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May s.— Not a
few Hawaiians here were taken somewhat
by surprise when they learned of the ac
tion of the Senate Finance Committee in
striking out of the tariff bill the clause
exempting Hawaiian imports from the
operations of the act. It is believed, how
ever, that the committee's action will be
neeatived by the Senate, as under both
the McKinley and Wilson bills an attempt
was made to abrogate the reciprocity
treaty, and each time it failed in the
Senate.
The opinion is expressed that the dis
cussion on this matter will naturally pre
cipitate a debate on the annexation ques
tion. This will result in the latter not
being treated on its merits and in a man
ner which its itnportanca demands.
Favorable action by the Senate on the
committee's report, it is felt, might tend
to jeopardize what prospects for annexa
tion now exist. Minister Hatch refuses
to talk.
Thurston, who is now here on s special
mission, said the abrogation of the treaty
meant disaster and ruin to the business
interests of the islands. He said he had
information that the Republicans on the
committee were not a unit in striking out
the exemption clause, and he hoped it
would be restored.
NO CAUSE FOR ALARM.
Japan Does Not W.sh to Trouble This
Government With /ts Hawai.an
Island Grievances.
WASHINGTON, D. C. May s.— Mail
from Consul-General Mil!s at Honolulu
received at the State Department to-day
contains no reference to the reported ex
| niiement about the attitude of Japan.
Ftom this Secretary Sherman believes
, that the alarm of the Hawaiian Govern
j mem has abated. According to the state-
I meist Riven out by the Japanese Minister
I Here, his Government is dbposed to settle
; the controversy over tho refusal to allow
Japanese immigrants to land without re
course to a threatening naval demonstra
tion. The State Department is hopeful
that no trouble calliiiß for intervention by
! the United States will result. The pres
ent intention, however, of the adminis
tration is to have at least two warships
there until all danger of Japanese inter
j lerf nee has passed.
VI t Trinity* Celebration.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 5.- Rev. Dr.
Rainsford, rector of St. George" 6 Church,
i was the preacher at th«» third d»y's cele
j bration of Trinity's bicentennial. The
| service, which took place at noon, was
j Jarnely attended, and th*- preacher devoted
i himself to a history of ibo development of
I the church.
The fac-simile ' /rf /£&?* T* » Ott every wrapper,
aignature of Cda//ZT^Uc&i :of CASTOKIA/
WE DO NOT CARE
TO ARBITRATE
Olney's Pet Scheme Gets
Its Death Blow in
the Senate.
Too Many Advantages on the
Side of Her Britannic
Majesty.
Mills of Texas Points Out One of
the Crave Possibilities of
Ratification.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May s.— After
more than three months' wrang ing the
Senate to-day by a vote of 43 to 26— nine
votes short of the necessary two-thirds —
rejected the general treaty of arbitration
with Great Britain. Debate on the treaty
was bagun on February 2, and the process
of amendment has continued at inter
vals until a vote was taken this afternoon.
Before the vote Miils of Texas mado a
strong speech against ratification, his
principal objection being 10 the eighth
article of the treaty, which defines terri
torial claims that mi^ht be made. He
tiled as an instance ihe possible purchase
of Cuba by Great Britain, which would be
in direct contravention to the Monroe
doctrine, yet under the terms of the
treaty we would be compelled to submit
this or any other question regarding
acquisition of territory to arbitration.
The suggestion that furtner amendment
might be offered was met by the objection
that the amendment stage had passed.
Hoar urged ratification, and was fol
lowed by Carter of Montana in opposi
tion.
Chandler closed the debate with an ap
peal for ratification. At 4 o'clock, accord
ing to a previous agreement, a vote was
taken. It occupied more than the usual
time owing to the difficulties of pairing
one Senator in oppo ition against two
who favored ratification.
The vote was not made public, but as
near as can be ascertained those who
voted in the negative are: Allen, Bacon,
Berry, Butler, Carter, Chilton, Cockrell,
Daniel, Hansbrough, Harris of Kansas,
Harris of Tennessee, Heitfeld. Jones of
Arkansas, Kyle, Mason, Mills, Morgan,
Penrose, Pettigrew, Pettus, Pritchard,
Quay, Roach, Shoup, Stewart and
Walthall.
. ♦
ISCLISEIt '!<• IK SARCASTIC.
RepubHeant Say ... Amended Tariff
Kill Canno' Bn%B the tiouie.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May s.— Some
of the Republican members of the House
are very sarcastic in reference to the tariff
bill to be reported to the Senate.
Grosvenor of Ohio, a member of the
Ways and Means Committee, and quite
generally regarded as a spokesman of the
administration, says the b U as at present
framed can never pass ttie House. But
Grosvenor may be mistaken.
It was learned to-day tbat the Repub
lican Senators have already outlined the
plan they wiil follow in passing the bill. I
Their plau is to keep tQe bill before the j
Senate constantly alter it is called up for |
consideration on the 18th, and by be^in- I
ning daily sessions at an early hour and '
continuing them at night to complete the
consideration of the bill if possible before i
the end oi the fiscal year.
• The bill will then be sent to the House,
and if a conference committee is asked
the Senate will decline to appoint and
the House will thus be forced to the neces
sity of accepting the Senate bill or pro
longing the contest indefinitely, witn a
prospect of having no bill at all.
This is not intonded to antagonize the
! House, but simply to adopt a plan oi
passing the bill without reference to a
conference committee as the only practi
cal method of disposing of it and avoid
ing the interminable discussion which
would result if any other course were
followed.
In explanation of their action in strik
ing out the entire reciprocity clause the
Republicans claim that this clause wi-1
be brought up in the Senate in the shape
of a general amendment cevering tne
general question of reciprocity, and that
undoubtedly some reciprocity provision
will be adopted.
Aldrich, author of the reciprocity clause
in the McKinley tariff bill in 1890. will
undoubtedly bring forward provisions
based ou the lines of that luw, but prob
ably more general in their application.
It is apparently the opinion ot the ma
jority of the Republican Senators that an
amendment will be adopted continuing
the Hawaiian treaty. It is explained fur
ther that in striking out of the bill the
clause declaring that the treaty shall not
be abrogated, the Republican Senators
are actuated only by a de.sire that the
I question shall come up on it; merits in
stead of a somewhat inappropriate amend
ment to the bUgar schedule.
The Democrats are still sweeping in
their denunciation of the bill, but are not
yet prepared to oppose it in all particulars.
mokgah a cox eii a. pojxx.
Secure* an Appropriation for tho Itn
prorrment nf I' ear I Harbor.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May s.— Deboe,
the newly elected Senator from Kentucky,
was sworn in this morning, after which
the sundry civil appropriations bill was
taken up.
An amendment appropriating $150,000
lor Pearl harbor, Hawaii, was offered by
Morgan and objected to on a point of order
by Al ison, who said that be sympathized
with the Senator from Alabama, but there
was no use in puttinn the item in the bill
as it had been rejected in the House last
session.
"I suppose," said Morgan, "that the
principle of locus penitentiie applies to
the House, and I hope that the House is
open to repentance on this matter."
The amendments were agreed to.
An amendment wss made to appoint a
Nicarasruan canal commission, mid dis
cubsion as to whether the commission
shouid consist of three or rive irom civil
' life or the army or navy went over till to
morrow.
An amendment was offered by Petti
grew authorizing the President 10 sus
pend the proclamation of Cleveland,
issued lajt February, retting aside nmny
millions of acres of public lands as forest
reservations and restore these lands to the
public domain.
The matter went over after some sharp
criticism from Pettierew and Carter on
the result of the Cleveland act. Carter
said this was a most gross proposition —
one which made it a criminal act for peo
ple upon a reservation to cut timber for
fuel or other us s.
The matter went over without action
and the (Senate adjourned.
Jtinnimeil and May Be Imprisoned.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 5.-The
sentence of the court-martial before which
Paymaster John Corvine pleaded gnilty to
charges of embezzlement, desertion, scau
dalons conduct and making a false report is
dismissal. The court may also have added
imprisonment, but this is not ascertaina
bie, as the sentence has been reierred to
the President for review.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Jo fin D. Spree ke/s Takes a Dr.vß With
the President— Senator Perkins and
General Hart at Work.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May s.— By in
vitation of the President John D. Spreckels
of San Francisco took a long drive with
the President this afternoon. They dis
cussed some of the Fedpral appointments
that are to be made in the near future.
Dr. Jordan and William G. Jordan of
San Francisco are among to-day's arrivals.
L. G. Curuniingsof Los Ans-eles is at the
National Hotel and A. D. Cutter and son
of San Francisco are at Wiiiard'e.
Senator Perkins, after speaking at con
siderable lensth in the Senate to-day,
finally succeeded in securing the passase
of an amendment to the sundry civil ap
propriation bill providing for four addi
tional United States Commissioners and
four additional Marshals for tne District
of Alaska. They are intended to serve in
the Yukon Valley or mining interior of
Alaska.
General W. H. H. Hart is interesting
himself actively in an endeavor to have
James H. Humphries reinstated in the
quartermaster's office at San Francisco.
He was dismissed for accepting employ
ment in addition to bis military duties in
connection with the sewerage work in
the Presidio. General Batohelder will
aho intercede with the War Department
and will come down from New York for
that purpose. General Hart was given to
understand by Secretary Alger that Mr.
Humphries wouid probably be reinstated.
Mr. Hart will see the Secretary again to
morrow.
Tne following changes in stations and
duties of officers of the Corps of Engineers
are ordered by the Secretary of War:
First Lieutenant Mason M. Patrick will be
relieved from duty at Cincinnati, Ohio, by
Major Wiiliam H. Heuer, Corps of En
gineers, at such time as will enable him
to proceed, not later than May 15, to
Memphis, Term., at which place he will
then take station and report by letter to
the president of the Mississippi River Com
mission for assignment to the charge of
certain districts under the commission.
By the direction of the Assistant Secre
tary of War Sergeant James R. Puckett,
Company G, First Infantry, now at the
Presidio of San Francisco, will be dis
charpei without honor from the service of
the United Slates, with forfeiture of re
tained pay.
Pensions— California : Original — Wil
liam M. Mouiton, San Francisco; Sumner
B. West, Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles.
Original widows, etc.— Mary Ann Marks,
Los Angeles; Almira Armstrong. Los
Angeles; Hattie S. McCornb, Los Angeles.
Washington: Original— Peter Mills, New
Whatcom. Increase — Thomas F. Pearl
Seattle.
Queen Zil Pleated With Wathlngton.
WASHINGTON. D. G, May s— Ex-
Queen Liliuokalani .«eems to Jike Wash
ington, and it would not surprise her
friends if she should decide to make this
city her permanent residence. She will
eive a reception at the Cairo to-morrow
afternoon from 3io 5 o'clock. It will be
in honor of Mr 3. WiUiam Lee of Boston,
who is a cousin Dp marriage of the Queen.
Hawaiian music will be provided by the
Madrid Quartet.
NEW TO-DATDKY G ODS ■ ' .
SPECIAL SALE
O3F"
Lace Curtains and Rugs
i on.
TO-OAY AND TO-MORROW ONLY,
May 6th and 7th.
Commencing to-day we shall place on Special Sale 590
pairs IRISH POINT CURTAINS, all new designs, and 500
Extra Quality VELOUR RUGS, at the following prices:
At HI ftft A PAIR— I 23 pairs IRISH POINT CURTAINS, Z\i yards
/\l ijAiUU long; excellent value at $2 75.
At H? 7^ A PAIR— I2S pairs IRISH POINT CURTAINS, 3K yards
ZiLvp^r./vJ long; excellent value at $4.
At 4*3 ftft A PAIR— I2S pairs IRISH POINT CURTAINS, 3^ yards
f\L «3>3.UV» long; excellent value at $4 50.
At HI 7^ A PAIR-125 pairs IRISH POINT CURTAINS, 3} a ' yards
fW v4>sJ«/v^ long; excellent value at $5 50.
>
RUGSI RUGS!
At <il 9ft EACH-250 EXTRA QUALITY VELOUR RUGS, all new de-
fW \pi**,\J signs, size 27x60; excellent value at $1 75.
At 4*9 IIT EACH— 2SO EXTRA QUALITY VELOUR RUGS, size 36x70; '
f\L vp.^*lvJ excellent value at $3.
* ...
The above lines are THE GREATEST BARGAINS EVER
OFFERED in this city. SEE OVU WINDOW DISPLAY.
123 TO 129 POST STREET.
DRUNK FOR TWENTY YEARS.
A correspondent writes: "I was drunk on
and off for over twenty years— drunk when I
hHd money, sober when I had none. Many
dear friends I lost, and numbers gave me good
advice to no purpose ; but. thank uo ! , an angel
ha:>d came ai last in the form of my poor wile,
who n'lministered your marvelous remedy,
'Anti-.Tag,' 10 me without my knowledge or
consent. I »m now saved and completely
transformed from a worthless fellow to a sober
and respected citizen."
If "Auti-Jaa" c«nnot be had at your drug-
prist, It will be mailed in plain wrapper with
full directions how to give secretly, on receipt
ol One Dollar, by the Renova Chemical Co.,
6(i Broadway, New York, or they will gladly
mail full na'rtii ulars free.
i
REBELS CAPTURE
PUERTO CORTEZ
Success of the Honduras
Revolution Seems to
Be Assured.
Americans Taking an Active
Part "for the Fun of
the Thing."
Secretary Long May Send a War
ship There— A Filibuster In
Hot Water.
WASHINGTON. D. C, May 5.-Con
sular As-ent Alger telegraphs from Puerto
Cortez, Honduras, that the revolutionists
have captured that place. Secretary Long
may send a warship there.
NEW ORLEANS, La., May s—Passen
gers from Honduras express confidence in
the success of the revolution. A large
majority of the people want De Soto as
President.
The action of the revolutionists in cat
ting down all customs duties has proved
very popular with the merchants. Bo
niila hopes for the assistance of neighbor
ing republics, but the troubles in Guate
mala have prevented all aid from that
quarter and he cannot count on the na
tives. Americans to a man are with the
revolutionists.
The commander of the revolutionist
army— Drummond — is an American, not
an Englishman, as at first reported, and
of the colonels there are Richardson from
Memphis and Wiltz, Maspero, Roman and
Christman of New Oleans — boys who went
into the revolution ior the fun of the
thing.
The revolutionists nre well supplied
with ammunition and clothing, which
they have captured from Government
troops. At Belize an American named
Jackson is on trial as a filibuster. He
was one of the leaders of the Honduras
revolutionists. It is charged that he re
ceived arms and ammunition from Cin
cinnati concealed in bales of hay. The
arms were landed in British territory,
hence the interference of England and
tne arrest of Jackson.
Tirpew liffutnt the German Mitgion. .
NEW YORK, N. V., May s.— lt is stated
on authority to-day that the German
mission was recently tendered to Dr.
Derew by the President. Depew promptly
dec ined. This was some time after his
unsuccessful effort to secure the mission
to England.
Aeu> Presidential Aominallom.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May s. —The
following Presidential nominations were
made to-day: Stanford Newell of Minne
sota, Minister to the Netherlands; Henry
A. Castle of Minnesota, Auditor of the
Postomce Department; Harvey 8. CUrk,
Postmaster a: Loii, Cal.
Hats undergo from twenty to thirty dif
ferent processes, according to quality, be
fore completion. In tne early stages they
resemble simply a conical bag of wool.
o-00000000-000-o
AN EXCELLENT
If 7TTT 1 AT Properly prepared and
l\/| r*.f\ I promptly serred, can
*» ■' ■* *J-^ always b« obtained in
THE GRILL ROOM OF THE
pecidedly tho f\ AT A /^T 1
Most Popular PALACE
Dining ) Apart. 1 JTlJ^il.V *\ *
tnent in town, HHBHanaaaaaaM
0000000000000
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc.
. CURED BY .; ."
Espic's Cigarettes, or Powder
Paria, J. ESPIC : New York, E. FOUQER A & CO.
_ SOLD BY ALL DRUGGETS.OTTOMAN
ARMY HELD
IN CHECK
Greeks at Pharsala Re
pulse Edhem Pasha's
Force.
FURIOUS BATTLE WAGED
TOR HOURS.
Turks Hurled Back Repeatedly
by the Infantry Under
Constantino.
CONFIDENCE RETURNS TO THE
HELLENES.
Wild Rejoicing at Athens When the
News of the Victory Is
Received.
VELESTINO, Thessaly. May 5.-What
appears to have been the main force oi
Edhem Pasha engaged the Greeks at
Pharsala at 2 o'clock; this afternoon. It
vigorously attacKed the Greek positions,
but was repulsed. The fighting was se
vere and ended at 7:30 o'clock, both
srmies retaining their positions.
Crown Prince Constantine commanded
the infantry, which stood its ground
against the charge of the Ottoman in
fantry. Prince Nicholas commanded the
battery of the right v.ing of the Greek
army, which fought a duel with two
Turkish batteries. The gallantry of the
two Princes excited much enthusiasm
among the troops.
Tne Turkish line of battle formed at
noon. Opposing it were 23,000 Greeks.
ATHENS, Gkeece, May s.— An official
telegram received this evening confirms
the reports of the Turkish repulse at
Pharsala. Crown Prince Constantine and
Prince Nicholas acted in a most courageous
manner, risking their lives a hundred
times. Their valor was enthusiastically
acclaimed by the whole army after the
righting. The Government forwarded the
warmest congratulations to the Princet.
The King and the Government issued a
menifesto to the troops, congratulating
tnern upon their courage and patriotic de
votion.
The public is overjoyed and is already
forgetting the blunders that marked the
opening of the campaign. A decisive bat
iJe is expected to take piace to-morrow.
Major Pallis, chief of staff in Tuessa!y
has telegraphed to the Government the
main facts concerning the fighting at
Pharsala, The dispatch concludes:
"We maintain all our positions. The
engagement will certainly be continued
to-morrow. Ttie enemy's numbers are
superior to ours. They are also superior
in cavalry and artillery, and the caliber
of their guns is larger."
It is officially announced that the Gov
ernment has protested to the diplomats
against the outrages and cruelties per
petrated by the Turkish troops in Thes
sa'y.
General Smolenski, in an official tele
gram, says: "My brigade underwent a
terrible baptism of blood. The Turks
were repulsed at Velistino, but reattacked
us at some other points, though feebly."
The Greek Eastern squadron has cap
tured near Platomona a schooner, with
Bir Eliis Ashmead Bartlett, member of
the British Commons, and his son on
board. They will be brought to Athens.
It is 3tated here that Sir Ellis was the
bearer of compromising papers.
LONDON, Ekg., May 5.— A dispatch to
the Daily Mail from Athens, apparently
referring to the battle at Pharsala, »ays
that the slaughter was very great. The
battle was proceeding when the dispatch
was sent.
»
TBSTIXO A. MX» EXI'LOSITE.
Oreeh Engineer* Try a f'oinjion id of
Marrelou* Fore.
BOSTON, Mass.. May s.— Coffins Beach.
Gloucester, a safe, secluded waste of de
serted coast line, was to-day the
pcsne cf some remarkable experiments
with a marvelous new explosive which
may be destined to yet cnange tne com
plexion of the Graeco-Turkish war. A
mysterious party, including a prominent
Greek engineer from New Yorfc and mem
bers of the Henchagist, a Cretan revo
lutionary society, repaired to the scene
with teams loaded with the explosive and
apparatus.
In holes thirty yards apart forty-nou nd
lots of the stuff were planted, with ful
minating caps connected by heavy in
sulated wire with a loop a mile long for
safety. When it was ignited by electri
city the whole beach arose in the air one
mass of sand, while the earth trembled
and the water arose and fell several inches.
The second experiment was with a
triple quantity, buried deeper and covered
with lops and several hundred weight of
stone. When it explosed it seemed a
veritable earthquake. The stone was shat
tered to dust and the logs to minute
splinters.
The new explosive was demonstrated to
be a complete success. It is composed of
three parts nitro-elycerine and one part
a secret dust substance of very high ex
plosive power.
The Greek engineer sails for the seat of
war on Saturday and will take the secret
with him. His intention is to mine the
roads over which the Turkish troops will
pats.
JIEFUBKS MKUIATIO\.
Greece Hrjeetm an Offer J-'ront the Rut
gl'tn Government.
LONDON, Exa., May s.— The St. Peters
burg correspondents of the Chronicle and
Daily Teie^raph say that Russia, with tlie
cognizance oJ the ottu-r powers, offered
mediation for Greece. The latter refused.
Veadlv Boiler Explosion.
KANBAB CITY, Mo., May s.— Tht boiler
of a locomotive on the Chicago and Alton
line exploded this morning. Engineer
Roberts and Fireman Pardoner, who were
on tiie locomotive at the time, were in
stantly killed and their bodies badly man
gled.
THE WHEELMEN'S FIGHT.
President Potier Wires Strong $200 to
Fay Cia ms on Prtpsrty Se.Zid
by the Sheriff.
NEW YORK, N. V.. May 5.-The Na
tion al^ofticers of the L. A. W. lave been
.11 work several weeks mapping out a pro
irramme to forti:y the organization in
California against the inroads of seces
sionists on tbe coast. The league omcers
are now determined to wage an active
campaign throughout California in order
to disrupt the opposition movement.
President Potter said to-day: "The
latest move of the North California Sun
day-racing unti-L. A. W. men came to
light this week in the form of an attempt
on the part of the seceders to criitpie the
division. Henry F. W_, nne, 11. V. Han
cock and Percy V. Long were all promi
nent in the racing department of the
L. A. W. last year. The three combined
lorceß and Hancock began suit against
the division, sued oat an attacnment and
direciea the Sheriff to levy upon tha books
of the division."
This morning Potter received a telegram
from George H. Strong oi San Francisco,
accepting the appointment of chief con
sul, vice F. H. Kerrigan, resigned, and
also one from Francis ±. Dwyer of Sacra
mento, accepting the appointment of vice
consul to succeed Wynne. Potter at once
sent Strong $200 by telegraph with in
structions tofav all proper claims against
the division and release the property
seized by the Sheriff. In response to the
card published in the L. A. W. bulletin of
April 23 President Potter is in receipt of
communications by every mail from North
California members pledging loyalty to
the L. A. W. and expressing their willing
ness to sustain it in the contention.
Furte for O' Itrien and McCoy.
BOSTON, Mass, May s.— Georce V.
Tuohey, editor of the Sporting Review,
to-night received a teJegram Irom William
A. Brady offering a larte purse for a
twenty-round match between Kid McCoy
and Dick O'Brien, to be fought in New
York City June 10 or earner. Since
O'Brien fought the twenty-live-round
draw with McCoy in this city in 1895 he
has been anxious for a return match. He
is now in Maine and will probably accept
the offer.
It inner m fit Coluta.
. COLUSA, Cal., ilay s.— Another large
crowd was at Agricultural Park this after
noon to witness the second day's racing.
The first event to-day was the Colusa fu
turity trotting race for three-year-olds. It
was won oy Lynall, wi;h Dr. .1 second,
Pop Eye third. Best time, U:29v;.
The second was for pacers m the 2:35
class and was won by Telephone, with
Octoroon second and Primrose third. Best
time, 2:24^4. The three-quarter mile dash
wai postponed until Thursday.
Traterday'* Eastern Hasebnll <rame«.
BROOKLYN", N. V., May s.— Brooklyns 5,
Baltimores 3.
BOSTON, Mass., May s.— Bostons 7, Philadel
phias 5.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May s.— No came be
tween ihe Washington and New York teams
on account of rain.
PITTsBUKG, Pa., May 5. — Pittsburgs 3,
LonUvi iles 2.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, May s.— Clevelands 2,
Cincinnati* 3.
CHICAGO, 111., May 5. — Chicagos 7, St.
Louis 1).
Kacitto fit Bakertfi'-ld.
BAKERSFIELD, Cal., May s.— The
races to-day were not as good as those of
yesterday. The attendance was light and
betting slow.
Halt a mile and repeat— First heat, Son tag
won, Gold Bng second; time, :50. The second
heat resulted the same; lime, :-T.n „.
five-eighth:, of a mile dash, (nyrtlfl won,
Apto second. Miss Gentry third. Time, 1:03.
Three-eighths ol a nule and repeat— First
heat, Lady F.int won, Perrtne second ; no time
taken, Second heat, Queen May won, Perrine
second; time, :40. In me run-off Queen May
won.
Another Tr*nt for l'rtnlumn.
PETALUMA, Cal., May s.— The Lady
Minstrels of the Petaluma Improvement
Club, encouraged by the eoodiy profits
and the great success of their first min
strel show, are rehearsing for a repetition
of the entertainment, with new songs and
specialties.
"Old Boss 110-y" Hay Vie.
NEW YORK, N. V., May s— William
Hoey, actor, the "Old Hoss Hoey" of
•'Parlor Match" fame, is confined to bed.
His illness is of such a character that it is
said his recovery is very doubtiul.
Suet for the l'riee of a Hog.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., May s.— Whether
or not the Cuban bloodhound belongs to a
distinct variety of dogs is to be decided by
tne result of a lawsuit begun here to-day.
John Belt, an old colored man, who has a
pacK of dogs always supposed to be Cu
ban bloodhounds, and which have been
used in tracking criminals in this county,
is suing A. G. Frazier for the value of a
doc sold to him. Two animals in court
as exhibits were claimed to be Cuban
bloodhounds, but a local authority on
dogflesh, called as an expert witness, de
clared on the stand that the dogs were
foxhounds, and that there was no recog
nized breed known as Cuban bloodhounds
despite the popular idea.
Tolo Chicken Thief T>yi na .
SACRAMENTO, Cat.., May 6.— John
MrCrea, the alleged chicken thief, who
was shot by one of Sheriff Johnson's
deputiei in "Yolo County last Saturday
while resisting arrest, i« sinking inst and
ha 3 little chance for recovery. Depaty
Fi«her, who did the shooting, was to-day
ar pointed county detective by the Board
of Supervisors.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. >oouan. 1017-1023 Mission.
ihe Clark V-rocker Mansion Where the Gingerbread Fete for the
Benefit of the Children's Hospital Will Be Held.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 6, 1897.
SICK AND
WOUNDED
BAYONETED
Cuban Hospital Raided
and No Mercy
Shown.
TWENTY INMATES SLAIN
IN BED.
Young Soldier Shot Dead for
Protesting Against the
Carnage.
THE TORCH APPLIED TO THE
BUILDING.
A Little Girl Sold at Auction and
Maltreated In the Presence of
Her Mother.
HAVANA, Cuba, May s.— Christina
Herrera, a Cuban woman, was living with
her youthful son and two daughters in a
Cuban hospital, near Govea, this province,
where she acted as nurse. The hospital
was established by the Cuban leader, Bal
domero Acosta, for sick and wounded
Cubans. Acosta himself had the fever,
and, concealed between two hills, the
hospital was believed to be safe from the
Spaniards. Under that belief Acosta sent
his cousin to attack a Spanish column,
which, as he was informed, would pass
some six miles from there. Only six
soldiers remained with Acosta in the hos
pital, and besides Christina Herrera and
her children there was another nurse and
about eve women more, wives of soldiers.
A spy told the Spaniards of the exist
ence of the hospital, and a Spanish
column, 1000 .strong, attacked the place on
April 2S. Torres and his iive men, firing
rides to advise Acosta of tne proximity of
the enemy, tied io the forest.
Acoste, jumping out from his stretcher,
criea to the women to run with the
children, and stood in the door firing at
the advancing Spaniards. Acosta nar
rowly escaped, followed by those strong
enough to ran, and four women also
gained the forest.
Marta Corralies was seized by two
Spanish soldiers, but snatched a bayonet
from the belt of one and killed him.
Christina Herrera was caught by the
Spanish soldiers and driven back to the
hospital to witness the fate of twenty sick
and wounded Cubans, who were ruth
lessly slain. More than twenty perished
in their beds, pierced by Spanish bayo
nets. A Spanish soldier, a younc man
from Pontevedra, Galicia, who refused to
join in the assassination and protested
against the crime, was shot dead by a
l.eutenant.
Most cruel in the work were the irregu
lars of the guerrilla forces— common crim
inals from Spanish penal colonies in Africa.
After the murders and after the hospi
tal had been tired a young cirl of 10 years
was sold at auction. A captain won her
for $6 and assaulted her. The child's
mother unsuccessfully attempted to kill
herself and swooned. When she recov
ered she was told that the child had dis
appeared. The mother is now in the
Havana prison for disreputable women.
A correspondent of La Lucia saw Chrit
tina Herrera in prison and published a
report of this affair, in which tiie press
censor did not allow the facts to be men
tioned.
THE CHILDREN'S FAIR.
Kinetoscope, Animatoscaps and
Other Attractions Are
Listed.
Aa Oriental and Indian Booth Will
Bs There— Punch and Judy
for the Children.
The famous picture called "The Cardi
nal's Portrait," painted by Toby Ro en
thai, has been bought by the generous art
patrons of San Franciso and loaned to
the board of managers of the Children's
Hospital, to ba exhibited at the ginger
bread fete. The ladies are highly elated
at this stroke of fortune, and expect the
hospital to reap a handsome revenue irom
the exhibition of such a masterpiece.
The picture has been upon inspection in
many of the large European cities, and
has been praised by Kadne arti3ts in the
warmest terms. In Berlin Emperor Will
iam saw it and expressed hib admiration.
In Munich n was pronounced the beat of
Ros-nthai's productions, and in the lan
guage of Kaulbach "only to be compared
to a large Meissonnier."
Sitting lor his portrait Ihe Cardinal has
fallen asleep. A book dropping from his
hand upon the fljcr has attracted the at
tention of the artist, a young monk, who
is running his hands through his hair in
perplexity and is in doubt what to do in
order not to displease the dignitary who
siis betore him.
As the Cardinal sits at the table, where
a bottle of Italian wine and a dish ol fruit
awaits his pleasure, he look^ aged and
feeble, but the half-finished portrait on
the yountr monk's easel represents a man
in the prime of youth and strength — a
mute flattery on the youthful monk's part
to one his superior in authority. The con
trast is most amusing.
Toe figures are all in a rich setting,
tapestries, carpets and all being handled
in the clever fashion that has mado Rosen
thfti's name famous.
The gingerbread fete is to be held at the
residence of Mrs. Clark Crocker, corner of
Sutter ami Ociavia streets. It will open
at 7:oO o'cloc.k Tuesday evening, May 11,
and continue until 11 o'clock, Saturday
evening, May 15.
There win tie all sorts of attractions for
young and n!d, both indoors and out, and
the only s'.range thing is that the ladies
have manaeed to crowd ao many attrac
tive features into so short a space of time.
Indoors mere will be a different booth
in many different rooms. One will be the
Orieiit.il booth, where all things Oriental
and Turkish for the gratification of ti.e
artistic sense and the gustatory neryes will
be on hand.
Then Uiere will be an Indian room, in
which such articles as Indian baskets, pot
tery, mats and other things made Dv these
children of nature will be on exhibition.
There will, of course, bo a bazaar, in
which many articles, useful and orna
mentnl, manufactured by the ladies' ileft
and willing ringers, may be found. In the
basement refreshments will be served.
The grounds will be illuminated at
night, and in the garden a big teat will be
pitched, which is to figure as the hall of
surprises. Richard Hauling has charge
of all the surprises to be contained there
in, but jealously guards them from prying
eyes till later on.
In the grounds also will be a kinetc
scone, an iinimatoscope and a shooting
gallery. Punch and Judy will be tuere
tor the children In the afternoons and
gingerbread will simply abound.
There will be a series of tableaux, which
will be a graphic education on an inter
esting subject. The taDleaux will be ar
ranged by Addison Mizner and Miss
Agnes Bates. Those particirjating will
be: Miss Marie Wells, Miss Gladys Mer
rill. Miss Cnarlotte Elhnwood, M 89 Etbel
Deane, Reed Hutchinso?!, Kailiro Barton,
Louis Bruguiere, Charles Fernald and Km
ery Sruith.
t>n the tirst afternoon Ferris Hartman
will sing his funniest songs, and on
Wednesday afternoon there will be given
g!imp«es of Spaiu and the Mediterranean
by Henry Payot.
It requires $2000 a month to keep the
hospital going to minister to the wants of
the numberless iittie ones that monthly
puss through its gates, and this statement
gives an idea of the noble work in which
tne ladies are engaged. Those ladies who
are riving all their time at present to this
work of humanity are as follows:
Mrs. Wendell Easton, Mrs. W. B. Harrington.
Miss May Hoffman, Mrs. L. L. Dunbar, Mrs. J.
F. Merrill, Mrs. William Hardy, Mrs. J. W.
Knrr, Mrs. Robert Oxnard, Mrs. Fred Beaver,
Mrs. I. N. Walter, Mrs. X. D. Hideout, Mrs W.
T. Fonda, Mrs. George Cirant, Mrs. 11. Uutard,
Mrs. Fauny Lent, Mrs. I. tsteinUari, Mrs. C. T.
Holmes, Mrs. Miller. Mr*. W. P. Shaw, Mrs. F.
A. Frank, Mr*. J. H. Dickinson, Mrs. F. H.
GreeD, Mrs. Henry Bothin. Mrs. M, E. Lo«an,
Mrs. Henry L. Fiske, Mrs. Crocker-Alexander
anrt Mrs. Charles Green.
The following young ladies are not mem
bers of the board of managers, but form
an auxiliary committee, which has ren
dered great assistance in the work:
Mi?s Sallie Maynard (chairman), the Misses
Ellen Morgan, i.ertrude Carolan, Laura Bxtes,
KUith Mcßean, Marian Moore, Marie Eyre,
Molly Thomas, Kertha Smith, Cora Smeuberg,
Miss Emery.
The prices of admission will be 50 cents
in the evening and '2b cents in the after
noon.
FIFTY CHINESE ADMITTED.
Distinguished Mongois. en Route (o ihe
Queen's Jubilee, Will Visit San
Francisco.
TACOMA, Wash.. May s.— Fifty of the
114 Chinese bound for the Nashville expo
sition, who have been quarantined two
weeks at Diamond Point, were admitted
this afternoon on instructions from Wash
ington, D. C. They are not actors, but
farmers, tradesmen and clerks, who are
expected to exemplify various phases of
Chinese life at the Tennessee exposition.
No instructions have been received regard
ing the remaining sixty-four in the party,
but Collector Saunders thinks they will
be deported. The •examination of the 206
Chinese, other than tnose bound for Nash
ville, will be commenced to-morrow.
Their destinations are San Francisco, and
Pittsbur^, Chicago and other Eastern j
cities.
The quarantined Japanese, numbering
23, and 322 Chinese were brought down
from Diamond Point yesterday on the
stesmer Kingston. They had barely pot
aboard wfteu the Japs picked a row with
the Chinese. A free fight ensued, result
ing in a victory for tbe Japanese, who
drove the Cninamen into one corner of
the hold and Kept them there, lending
examination both Japs and Chinese are
being boarded on the steamer Sehome.
Kxtra officers have been provided to pre
vent any more fighting.
Chang Yum Tong, Chinese Consul at
San Francisco, arrived to-night and left
for Victoria to meet His Excellency Cbanp,
special Chinese envoy to Queen Victoria's
diamond jubilee, and Yu bai Vi, formerly
Chinese Consul to Cuba, lliese digni
taries will arrive to-morrow night and
will probably go to San Francisco before
starting East.
/• cqiilrea an jlstoria Hotel.
ASTORIA, Ob , May s.— Arrangements
were completed to-day whereby Frank B.
Locke, formerly a prominent hotel man
of Butte, Denver and Omaha, was placed
in charge of the Hotel Flavel, the most
beautiful summer resort norm of Coro
nado. The property is owned by a syndi
cate of capitalists, which is also interested
in the new Astoria- Columbia River Rail
road. The hotel will be opened about
May 15.
NEW TO-DAT. 1
Often the pupil
excels the master.
Baking Powder and
Spices and Flavor-
ing Extracts are an
improvement over
those that have been
the best:
i# 1 . . TiJta»» ft Btndel, lift*.
■ - NEW TO-DAY— CLOTHING. , v. »'
mt^WsL Only Eieht More Days.
H^>" iUS* ow /OLI must hurry in earnest. We
[Yj^^m^Sr have set the date for the end. There
i^fir'Mm w '" eno c °ntinuance, no dilly-dallying.
I^ll^ll We have nearly enough money already
mi I^l H ' n ' anc^ t0 meet our °hlig^tions.
Bw/ll^lm c S ive ou a r warnin nothing
Wl 1 I^li w '" induce us to carry this sale a single
Wi f-^fi 1 day over May 15th.
If §w**\ S Keep in mind that there was a definite
f/ / 1 reason for this sale, namely, the expected
\// I increase of tariff, which induced us to
\ |,||Pl> 1 1 rush an overstock of Wool Clothing into
A I >^%| \ our warehouses; to do which we were
V^|/^^) |\ compelled to borrow heavily from the
iJI banks.
The borrowed money must be re-
turned; hence this sale.
lk-^^->W Everything sacrificed for just half its
original price; profits lost sight of entirely.
: . -~ — . — ,
Here are a few of ' j£%*v U
the prices. Some of mmm<M
these lots are run- If
ning very low. The §1 i| \
$4.85 Suits v for in- . ■/■I^L
stance, are going WW
fast. The $8.
Suits are nearly /^"^
gone, and only a few VZ— L &>- /
hundred of the W^x!
Mv "> nr* f^ \;orr no + c v **/ Cl
$3.75 Overcoats jhrk JN/C'/V
d? . O — Single and Double / r^Q \/l / \ \ // lp I \
J^A-O^ Breasted Sack Arr^ /L/ \ \ I 1 I \ \
Suits, latest shades /^WIW / \ \ 'h L \ \
new fabrics guaranteed pure wool. [ \ \/>J\ A \
Regular price $9- L^T W\ I xL/WA /\
Only a few of these left— odd sizes. V—*^ \ 11. <:^^yj "> \ I /"^ /•'
$5-^5 and double breasted \rtfC\T I)mAV^ > - ■
#Vr t> -in shades of ! TuT \ / / /ui \/ '
brown, Havana, slate and over- !j I IV' 1 //X / / \l\ Lvh\A' :
plaids. Regular price $10. Guaran- || \ X 1\ S^
teed pure wool. 1 1 \ \ W' 1/ W
&S _ Single and Double II \ \ # M \\
»DO»OO Brea sted Suits, in \l \ \ ! A \
cassimeres, chev- \ \ j J\ \.
iots, tweeds and worsteds. $12 is 1 l\ \ I I Ik
the regular price. Guaranteed pure I ' 1 \ r < In w
/J* Exceptional values I \y\ \ // 1
j)7.sO in Single and Dou- | I\\- I //
S 7 / *O^ ble Breasted Sacks, I \\ 1 /I
comprising all the latest colorings in II ' \\ \ If II I I *■
exclusive designs. Regular price $15. 11 j \\\ II I I ''■ I
Guaranteed pure wool. 11 1 \\ I II I / 1 /
(hQ mm i^ Cutaway and Sack Ijl \\| ]/ /*/ I /
JO.SO Suits, in serges, 111 \W •■>//'// I /
i »;^v KJ . tweeds, cassi meres // I SJys. I! I I I /
' and worsteds. Former price $17 00. J>sLL**^' V^-!^ /I S ' \\J f
. Guaranteed pure wool. ■ f=^fj^i=L^- r&js
$10.00 Cutaway and
I I 0.00 fancy Scotch'che- m
fancy Scotch che- m m
viots, in the new brown, gray and . . -■ >.- **m m
olive shades. Very dressy. Regular • , B m
$20 value. Guaranteed pure wool. B& a j£^lk
Jl 7S Will cost double the M s*^ A
J%y money any other Jr/jtßi/ si
rf» Spring Overcoats, Mr Ml
<VO 9 /D very desirable #I^/ Ml
\J M%J shades and fabrics. ML Mtw £/
Worth every cent of gio. Guaran- j^BlM M J;
teed pure wool. ; . Ww //fltf
ml b!l*%> ' v
■ •'■'■' * fff ■ BK ■ l^
(COLUMBIAN WOOLEN MILLS),
54 1 DMuA.R,KIEIT STREET
DIRECTLY OPPOSITE SANSOME. MAIL ORDERS FILLED DURING THIS SALE.
By Special Request We Will Keep Open Every Evening Until 8 o'clock During This Sale; Saturdays Until 10 P. M.
34
SAUNDERS HONORED
BY THE FORESTERS
He Is Elected to the Posi
tion of Grand Chief
Ranger.
Healdsburg to Be the Next
Meeting Place of the
Order.
Delegates Entertained With a Band
Concert and an Illuminated
Parade.
MARYSVILLE, Cal., May 5. - The
Grand Court of Foresters this afternoon
chose Healdsburg as the next meeting
place. The following cities were placed in
nomination: Healdsburg, Hay wards, San
Francisco, San Luis Obispo and Napa. On
the first vote Healdsburg received a ma
jority, and on motion of Frank B. Hooson
of Hay wards the Sonoma city was selected
by acclamation. Delegate J. J. Liver
nash of Healdsburg stated that he would
deposit a certified check in the hands of
the erand treasurer within three weefcs to
pay the mileage of ail the delegates from
San Francisco to Healdsburg and return.
Delegate Livernash delivered an eloquent
speech in placing the claims of his city be
fore the delegates for their consideration.
J. W. Saunders was elected grand chief
ranger by acclamation, as were J. Sam
uels, grand sub-chief ranger; B. Bremer,
grand searetary; S. A. White, grand treas
urer; William Deane, grand recording sec
retary, and J. W. Hughes, grand senior
woodard.
The race for grand junior woodard wa?
warmly contested by H. K. Asher and
John Heenan. The former received a
majority of the votes cast and was de
clared elected.
For grand senior beadle Dr. Weldon of
San Pedro was elected by acclamation.
The contest for grand junior beadle was
between R. E. Bevan of Marysviile and J.
E. Cox of Watsonyille. The former was
elected.
Six candidates were nominated for
grand trustee, and the followins were de
clared elected: Frank Hoag, F. Curtain
and F. Lewis.
The Grand Court accepted an invitation
this afternoon to appenr before the cam
era of Photographer P. W. Grirh'th, an d
marched to the corner of Seventh and B
streets at 5 o'clock this evening, when the
delegates were photographed.
A telegram was received to-day iron
Santa Monica, stating that Delegate
Oppenheim of that city d.ci yesterday.
Tne Grand Court appointed Delegates
Heenan, Orfiia and 1 Horn a committee to
drait suitable resolutions to be sent to the
court of that city, and also to the family
of the deceased.
Tbe illuminated and decorated bicycle
parade took place on D street at 8 o'cloct
this evening.
Tc*night the park was crowded, the at
traction being an open-air band concert.
FRESNO PER JU fir CASE.
Formal Complaint Against Dr. Kc/ntosh
Will Be Filed To- Day, Following
the Court's Order.
FRESNO, Cal., May 5 —The complaint
against Dr. G. B. Mclntosh, who was
ordered into the custody of the Sheriff
by Judge Carroll Cook for having com
mitted perjury in testifying as a hand
writing expert, m behalf of tne defendant,
at tha recent trial of Professor W. A.
Banders for forcing the name of William
Wootton, the missing Reedley rancher,
will be filed in tbe morning in Judge
Austin's court by District Attorney Snow.
The doctor has been in jail since oidered
there upon the conclusion of the trial,
being unable to furnish $5000 bail fixed
by the court. He consideis himselt a
much abused man, and says that Judge
Cook misconstrued ail testimony.
Professor Sanders is still in jail here
under the s'.ay of execution for twenty
<iays granted by the court when the sen
tence of fourteen years' imprisonment
was imposed on the man who is also be
iieved to have murJered William Wootton.
The professor is now thinking of appeal
ing to the Supreme Court. It is not
thoueht that he will do so, however. He
has shaved bis beard preparatory to San
Quentin regulations. It is believed that
tne celebrated case is now terminated.
Dr. Mclntosh will not be prosecuted on
Bny charge for having altered the draft
book, an important link in the evidence
of the prosecution. Judee Cook stated
that lie believed him to be guilty of hav
ing done this.
SACRAMENTO'S GRAND JURY.
Editor Sheet, an Indicted for Libel and
Two County Supervisors
Accused.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., May s.— After a
protracted session of several months the
Grand Jury of Sacramento County tiled
into Judge Hart's court at a late hour this
afternoon and submitted its final report.
The document is voluminous and con
tains the usual criticisms of the various
comity institutions. It contains five ac
cusations and one indictment, the latter
being against John A. Sneehan, editor of
the Sunday News of this city, charging
bim with libel in having published arti
cles accusing the Board of Supervisors of
illegally appropriating moneys for bridge
building in this county.
The accusations are against Supervisors
Jenkins and Dreman for voting to allow
the claims of more than one newspaper in
the county for publishing election proc
lamations. Those members of the board
who were re-elected and who also voted to
allow the same claims during their former
term of office escared accusation on ihe
ground that they had gone out of office
since so voting, and the Grand Jury had
no legal right to bring accusations against
them as new members of the board for
acts done by a former board.
An accusation was presented against
Charles E. Leonard, president of the
Board of City Trustees, alleging that he
accepted a half interest in an iron safe
ownea by leaders ot the gambling fra
ternity, for which he is claimed to have
used his influence to procure the passage
of an ordinance licensing upstairs club
rooms. This ordinance was passed by the
board and vetoed by the Mayor, and was
allowed to die without any attempt being
made to pass it over the veto.
It is claimed by President Leonard's
friends that he was opposed to attempt
ing to pass the measure over the Mayor's
veto, and that the accusation will fall
Mat.
CODE COMMISSION JPLIGBT.
Bat >o Fund* n herewith to Purchase
Supplies.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., May s.— From
ali appearances ihe Code Commission has
encountered a snag w.bich bids fair to
&wamp it. The law which, created the
commission failed to provide for sup
plies, and as Secretary of State Brown
has gone on record, as a member of the
Board of Examiners, to the effect that
he will not tolerate any deficiencies, and
as no deficiencies can be created without
the consent of the entire board, the com
mission is like a woodcutter without tools
and has nothing to do and no office
porter to assist in doing it.
ELECTIONS AT STANFORD.
John Bruntcn Becomes Captain of the
Track Team — Student Body
Names Officers.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., May
5. — John Brunton was to-day elected
track captain of the Stanford team to suc
ceed Charles Dole '98. The selection was
expected and meets with general ap
proval, as Brunton is well qualified for
the position, both as a conscientious
trainer and an athlete. His example will
be wortn everything to the men under
his direction. Since his entrance at Stan
ford he has taker, great interest in ath
letic matters. Personally he is a great
favorite v:ith the students.
Among bis records are: 10 seconds for
the 100-yard dash, 23 1-5 seconds for the
220-yard dash, 51 o-5 seconds for tht quar-
ter-mile, "21 feet 5 inches in the broad
jump. In practice he has beaten his
official time in the three sprints. Hi*
lime in the 220-yard dash in practice is 22
seconds flat.
Brunton comes from Sao Paulo, Brazil,
where he has lived for several years. He
prepared Jor Stanford at a preparatory
school in Palo Alto and is at present a
member of the sophomore class. His
m:!Jor subject is geology.
An exciting student body election was
heid to-day to select officers for the
organization next year. Interest centered
in the contest for the treasurership. In
several cases there was but one candidate
lor the office.
The election resulted in the choice of
the following: President. A. B. Morgan
'9S; vice-president, C. M. Fickert '98;
secretary, C. E. Haas '98; treasurer, i
Horace Pomeroy; editor-in-chief Dsiiy |
Palo Alto, C. E. Schwartz; business man
ager Palo Alto, F. S. 1-isher '98; editor
Sequoia, Dan Cooiidge '9B; business man
ager Sequoia, L. 1. Gregory; executive
committee — P. A. Adams 'OS, W. W. Kemp j
'98, C. M. Bradley '9H, P. L. Berry '99. R.
N. Diggles 'CO, G. H. Woodruff '00; ath- i
le-ic committee — C. S. Dole '98, J. Brunton j
'99, F. Birtch '00, H. E. Longheed '00, F.
S. Fisher '98, C. G. Murphy '00, A. S. I
Jeffs '93.
PORTLAND'S YOUNG THIEF.
R.ch Man's Son Pleads Guilty to the
Theft of a Woman's Purse on
a Steamship.
PORTLAND, Or. May s.— Miss Lu
cinda Holiister was robbed of her parse as
she was about to leave for Stella on the
steamship Potter last evening. In the
car that brought her from Forest Grove
were two young men who followed her to
the vessel. They proved to be Leander
Nordyke, 16 years nf age, ana his brother,
■whose home is at Gaston. Miss Holiister
incautiously laid her purse on a table in
the saloon* of the steamer, and Leander
snatcoed it and made his escape.
The young lady reported the andacioas
robbery to the police, and soon thereafter
the thief was arrested by Detectives Welsh
and Maher. Leander disclaimed having
stolen the lady's purse, but alleged that
she dropped it on the steamer, and he was
seeking the owner. The accused really
had no occasion to steal, for when searched
he had ?56 on his person, which he said
his father, a very wealthy man, cave to
him before leaving home this afternoon.
However, he plead guilty in the Munici
pal Court. He was sent to the reform
school.
AFFRAY AT INDIANA RANCH.
Edward Fage Fatally Wounded by the
Superintendent of the Good
T,t/e Mine.
MARYSVILLE, Cal., May s.— Edward
Page was fatally wounded at Indiana
ranch, thirty miles northeast of this city,
last evening at 8 o'clock by James G.
Daley, superintendent of the Good Title
Mining Company. This morning Daley
came to Marysville and swore to a com
piaint charging Pace with assault with
attempt to kill. Sheriff Donahue ascer
tained that Daley was the aggressor, apd
arrested him twelve miles from this city
on a similar charge.
Daley says that Page and himself had
trouble about the latter being ordered to
leave the mine, and Page attacked him
with a Winchester rifle. Daley, who has a
crippled arm, took the rifle from him and
threw it to the ground. Page then attacked
him from behind, and Daley, believing he
had a knife, drew a revolver and shot him
in the abdomen with fatal results.
OUTRAGES VPVS AJUZOMAAS.
Cattlemen 2'hrown Into Mexican Prisons
Without Cau.tr.
PHOENIX, Ariz , May s.— Complaints
of iirjustices perpetrated upon American
citizens by Mexican petty officials are ac
cumulating here. The latest of these is
contained in a letter from Deputy Collec
tor of Customs ri. W. Brady, which is
dated Lochiel, April 20.
While speaking of other flagrant wrongs
Mr. Brady calls particular attention to
the case of Toney O'Donnell, the stock
man who, while looking alter his cattle a
short distance over the line, was seized by
Mexican officials and hurried off to the
Masrdaiena Bastile. Here he has been
contined since the 17ih of April, without
any charge being preferred or examina
tion accorded, and if kind Providence
does not intervene in his behalf he is
likely to remain there for many months.
The outrages complained of by Mr.
Brady are not confined to this section
alone, but are perpetrated along the en
tire Mexican border. An effort is now be
ing made to get the Territorial officials to
!ake cognizance of tliem and ask for the
intervention of the General Government.
MVJAVK ET>ITOH>.S ABTESTVRB.
Arous*s the Ireof Ttco Squaxts by Killing
a HaHlennake.
FHCENIX, Ariz., May s.— EJitor Anson
H. fcmith of the Mojave Miner, was the
hero of a remarkable incident that oc
curred on the table lands near Needles.
came upon two Mojave squaws hold
ing an excited powwow over a big rattle
snake that lay coiled in the middle of the
road. With true tjajlantry he dismounted
and struck the reptile a dextrous blow on
tiie head.
Then the excitement becan. Instead of
thanking their deliverer the squaws began
to disrobe, and with many incantations
t row their garments as offerings to his
snakeship. The editor began to get
scared. He tried to mount his horse, but
the squaws insisted on his presence until
the charm was broken, and it was not
broken until they had discarded all their
clothing and had gone through a weird
dance over the remains of the rattle
snake. This was done in order to pro
pitiate the gods and break the spell that
portends the death of a big chief upon the
wanton slaughter of a venomous reptile.
Editor Smith left the scene *is soon as he
dared.
A'egrn Atitaiain. f'onrir rd.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., May s.—Retri
butive justice has been meted lo the three
negroes who killed James Bellew in this
city on January L' 3. To-day William
Warner, the third member of the trio
charged with murder, was convicted of
manslaughter, and, like the other two, he
will be given a Jong term in the peniten
tiary. The negroes conspired to rob Bel
lew and Mat Howarton, and in attempt
ing to carry out their plan killed Bellew.
Emanuel Brown and Maud Pierce were
previously convicted and sentenced.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 6, 1897.
CAMP TALK AT
VENTURA TOWN
The Woman's Congress
Discusses Life Out
of Doors.
nArt, Flowers, Shells and Ter-
perance Are the Other
Subjects.
Parllament Adjourns to Next Octo
ber With Thanks to Ven
tura Ladles.
VENTURA, Cal., May s.— The second
day's session of the Woman's Parliament
opened at 10 o'clock this morning with a
very large number of ladies in attendance.
The opening pappr, "Latest Thoughts on
the Temperance Question," read by Miss
Jane Stewart of Riverside, was well writ
ten ami took advanced ground on the
question of the banisnment of the liquor
traffic. In the discussion tnat followed
the ladies showed by the earnestness of
their remarks the deep interest they taKe
in this subject.
"Art in the Home" was the title of a
most interesting paper read by Mary
Weaver of Santa Monica. This subject
was one that caused a great amount of dis
cussion, and showed the wide ranga in the
taste of the delegates in matters of the
adornment of the home.
At the afternoon session the general
subject for discussion was "Out-of-door
Life for Women." Mrs. Mary Sheriff
Fowler of San Jacinto was on the pro
gramme for tbe first paper. The subject
was "Camping." Mrs. Fowler wasnnable
to be present, therefore the time for this
paper was given over to hearing accounts
of camp ng trips taken by tne various
women of the parliament.
Mrs. O. V. Sessions of Hueneme gave
an interesting account of a six months'
trip she had taken through Southern Cali
fornia. Her description of the "house on
wheels," which was built for the occasion,
proved that with a little thought and
careful planning in this direction much
pleasure and comfort may be added to a
camping trip.
Dr. Rachel Reid of Pasadena very de
lightfuily described a trip she had taken
up Wilsons PeaK, in Los Angeles County.
Otheri followed, proving to all that
camp life was a benefit as well as a great
pleasure to the women of Southern Cali
fornia.
Alice J. Merritt of the State Normal
School, Los Angeles, was introduced, ana
gave an interesting talk on the subject of
"California Wildfiowers." She had
brought with her several varieties of wiid
tlowers, which were distributed among
those present, and she confined her re
marks mostly to the growth and customs
of the«e canicular flowers. Alter a gen
eral discussion of this subject, Mrs. M.
Burton Williamson of Los Angeles read
an excellent paper, the subject of which
was "Shells."
Mrs. Williamson handled her subject
well and brought out points in shell study
that are often overlooked, but are most
interesting and instructive. This closed
the programme and a most interesting
and instructive meeting.
The president, Mrs. Galpin, In a few
well-chosen remarks thanked the ladies
of Ventura for the entertainment pro
vided and the many courtesies shown
them. The next meeting of the parlia
ment is the regular annual session, which
will be held in Los AngeJes next October.
MR. BhUSH OF SANTA ROSA
Says the Trouble With Mr. Fish Springs
From the Construction of a WnU
ten Contract
SANTA ROSA, Cal., May s.— The start
ling story that a charge of perjury had
been preferred against j. H. Brush, presi
dent of tiie First National Bank of this
city, was read in to-day's Call with great
astonishment by the people of this vi
cinity. It seems, however, that the arti
cle in question was wrong in saying that
the controversy between B. L. Pish and
Mr. Brush arose out of any transaction
connected with the water works of this
city. Mr. Brush bad nothing to do with
purchasing of machinery for the water
works here, and the amount sued for by
Mr. Fish was for a balance claimed as due
for machinery furnished to the water
works at Utiah, in which Mr. Brush is
largely interested. When interviewed by
a Call representative to-night Mr. Brush
said:
"it is not customary for me to try any
cases in which I am interested in the
newspapers, but since Mr. Fish seems to
want to air the matter it would perhaps
be well for me to say a few words. The
article in 'Ihe Call of to-day seems to be
mure the inferences of Mr. Fish than any
thing of a definite nature. It does not
seem possible that the Judge of a court
would publicly state His opinion on the
; veracity of a witness in an actic» su!l
j pending. The differences bstween Mr.
: Fish and myself all arose out of the con-
I struction of a written contract. He claims
l there is $13? due for extras based on verbal
j agreements outside of the written con-
I tract, and I think the contract covered
everything. The transaction occurred
some rive years ago and had almost
escaped my n.emory when the action was
j commenced. Mr. Fish has done what he
' thought would hurt me the most and has
I in a measure succeeded in his desire, con
l aitlering the delicate position of trust I
j occ;ipy. Our differences will be decided
! by the Superior Court of San Francisco in
j due time, and neither the Grand Jury nor
: the newspapers can affect that decision."
BIG FIRE AT MAY BIRD.
A Portion of the Plant of the Famous
Yuba Mine Destroyed by a Con-
flag ration.
NEVADA CITY, Cal., May 5— News
reached here to-day of the destruction by
fire last Monday afternoon of a portion of
the famous Yuba mine at Maybird, in the
Washington Mining District. Maybird is
about twenty-live miles from hare and the
news traveled slowly.
The Yuba, which at one time was a
spiendid paying property, has not been
operated for several months, and the
works were in charge of H. R. Ayers,
a watchman. On the afternoon men
tioned he discover flames issuing from the
superintendent's dwelling, which he oc
cupied, and attempted to subdue them
unaided, but they soon got beyonrt his
control and he was compelled to call for
assistance from the inhabitants of May
bird.
They responded to a man and battled
with the tire for several hours. The con
flagration spread irom the superintend
ent's house to a boa'dlng-house patron
ized by the miners when the mine is in
operatioo, and tbence to the bunkhouse
all three structures being reduced to'
smoldering ruins.
The strenuous efforts of the fire- fighters
saved the works themselves, including the
hoisting apparatus and compressors, from
burning, though it was some time before
they were out of danger.
The cause of the fire, which caused a
loss of from $2500 to $3000, was a defective
flue. There was no insurance on the
property. It belongs to the Yuba Gold
Mining Company, of which George A.
Hare of ban Francisco is superintendent.
The fire came at a particularly inoppor
tune time, as the owners were negotiating
with prominent Ban Francisco capitalists
to invest a large amount of money to the
property and develop it to a larger ex
tent than was ever done before. The
deal is still progressing, however, and the
mine may be opened at an early dale.
PORTLAND ARSON CASE.
Self-Confessed Incendiary Alleges That He
Was Employed to Start a
Blaze.
PORTLAND, Or., May s.— Marcus Wolf
of San Francisco, a member of Wolf Bros,
here, whose wholesale clothing-house was
set on fire last July, went to trial on a
charge of arson to-day. Henry Jacobs
was the star witness for the prosecution.
He confessed to being a professional incen
diary, and the one having done Ihe ''job"
for the Wolfs. He declared that the
Wolfs promised to protect him, and
finally went back on him, whereupon be
changed his mind and turned State's evi
dence. Marcus Wolf, the witness averred,
planned the tire in the clothing-house Jast
July.
When the witness made his accusations
it was all the defendant could do to re
strain himself, and at times he indig
nantly called his attorney's attention to
the remarkable statements which were
being made.
Jacobs' story commenced at a time not
lon a before the tire on July '20, 1896. He
told of conversations with ths partners in
the firm. He went down to the Wolf
store and Marcus began to mention some
of their business troubles.
"He said 'I wish you'd burn this place,
it would b« the making of me,' or words
to this effect," said Jacobs. "He said
business was not any too good of late, and
he was tired of seeing tho.-e old brand* in
the house."
Jacobs unhesitatingly admitt-d carry
ing out the instructions of the accused,
but says the latter failed to execute his
part of the agreement. The trial will
consume several days.
BELIEVES THE SAMARIA FLOATS.
British Shipmaster Henderson Confident
That the fifssmg Vessel
Will Return.
PORTLAND, Or., May s.— Captain W.
S. Henderson, a British master just in
port, does not believe the Samaria lost.
To the Telegram he said this evening:
"It is my belisf that the Samaria was
thrown on her beam ends and the cargo
shifted. Captain Mcßae tindins it impos
sible to light his ship with the weight of
spars dragging to leeward, ordered the
masts and standing rigging cut away.
With the clearing of t.'ie wreckage from
the ship she was righted and walloweii
along in the trough of the seas until the
gale broke. Then an effort was made by
Mcßae to rig the jury- masts.
"The Samaria is "in the coasting trade,
and, as is well known to mariners, coast
ers carry but lew spare spars. In all
probability tbere were not more than two
topsail yards and possibly a topgallant
mast left lashed in the scuppers of the
Samaria after the gale subsided. With all
these stepped and sail made upon them
Mcßae would have hardly enough canvas
spread to keep steerage way on his ship,
laden as she is, in a favoring wind.
"For him to lose the Samaria the ship
must have foundered, and with the sight
ing of these spars I don't believe she has.
She has been blown far to the northward
out of the track of vessels, and it would
not surprise me to hear any day of some
roving halibut schooner coming into port
with the tidings of the mi-^iiig ship."
WARRING SAN JOSE HEIRS.
Sons of the Late Elezer Frost File Charges
Against Exr-cuir ces of His
Estate.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May s.— Erwin and
Minor Frost, sods of Elezer Frost, de
ceased, to-day filed a petition in the Su
perior Court asking that the powers of
Mrs. Dora Frost Vinter and Mr 3. Sarah
Wissxnan, executrices of the Elezer Frost
estate, be suspended ; that their letters of
administration be revoked and that a spe
cial administrator of the estate be ap
pointed.
In the petition it is alleged that Mrs.
Frost Vinter. the late widow of Elezer
Frost, atid her husband, William Vinter,
contemplate an extende I visit to Europe
for the purpose of delaying administra
tion of the estate. The executrices are
charged generally with neglecting the in
terests of the estate, allowing it to be
come non-productive and less in value,
while the petitioners confidently believe
the estate could long ago have been dis
tributed. They are also accused of appro
priating funds of the estate to their own
use. i
Judge Hyland ordered Mrs. Frost Vinter
and Mrs. Wissman to appear in court on
May 14, with all the necessary papers,
vouchers, etc., in their possession and
show cause why they should not be re
moved. The Frost estate is valued at
$125,000.
A similar petition was filed a few days
days ago by Mrs. Mary Laedericn and
Mrs. Mary Taylor, daughters of the late
Elezer Frost.
Chargrd Titth. Subornina Perjury.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May s.— Frank Don
son, an officer of the Humane Society,
was arraigned to-day before Justice Kirk
patrick on a new complaint charging
subornation of perjury. The first com
plaint was dismissed on account of defects.
Donson is accused of manufacturing evi
dence to convict Mrs. McGettigan of sell
ing liquors to minors. The arrest was
ordered by Justice Gass, before whom the
case was tried. Donson is alleged to have
induced four boys to falsely swpsr that
they purchased Hquorof Mrs. McGeiiigan.
His examination was set for Saturday
morning. Bail was fixed at $500.
RAILWAY Mb* AT FUfESJX.
Santa Fe Official* Talk of Propoied
Chantje* and Jmproeemant*. .-•.
PHOENIX, Ariz., May s.— Aldace F.
Walker, chairman of the reorganization
committee of the Santa Fe, arrived thin
afternoon on a special train, accompanied
by a large party of railroad officials. A
short stop was made at Prescott, where a
District Court order was procured affirm
ing through Arizona the sale of the At
lantic and Pacific at Gallup on Monday.
The party left to-night for Los Angeles,
where a similar order of confirmation will
besought in the Southern District Court.
Chairman Walker stated that in all
probability the Santa Fe would not under
take the active operation of the Atlantic
and Pacific before July 1, when business
might ba commenced with the fiscal year.
Simultaneously will occur the exchange
of the Sonora road for the Mohave divi
sion of the Southern Pacific, tha latter
line being already operated by the Atlantic
and Pacitic. The California Southern,
Mr. Walker stated, would in no wise be
nffected by the changes, but would con
tinue to be operated as an independent
line. He said it had not been decided
whether or not to retain the name of the
Atlantic and Pacific. Ample lundg are
available, and the road will be placed in
tha finest condition.
Stanialau* Irrigation Bond*.
MODESTO, Cal., May s.— ln view of the
general desire to see the irrigation system
in this county finished with as little delay
as possible the board of directors has in
structed its cleric to advertise for bids for
$200,000 worth of bonds as required by law.
Tae bids will be opened on June 1. When
the bonds are sold the money will be im
mediately put into the completion of tbe
system.
STOCKTON STORES
NEATLY BUNKOED
A Clever Ruse Worked
on the Prominent
Merchants.
Sharper Collects Prizes for an
Imaginary Picnic at
Linden.
Made H!s Escppe With Everything:,
From Kees of Beer to the
Latest Neckwear.
STOCKTON, Cal., May s.— Last week a
nura ber of the merchants of this city were
victimized by a clever sharper.
The picnic season has commenced, and
it has been the habit of a number of the
leading storekeepers and merchants to
donate merchandise prizes for advertising
purposes. Tnis has been the custom for a
number of years past, as the donors win
i lie good will of the picnickers and have
their generosity advertised on the pro
grammes.
The enterprising sharper took advan
tage cf this and last week made a tour
of the principal stores. He said that he
represented the citizens of Linden, wtio
were to hold a picnic there last Saturday,
and that any gifts for the occasion would
be acceptable. He would not take orders
for goods, saying he wanted to Bave the
merchants all the trouble possible, and
wou.d take the goods themselves along
with him.
The merchants knew that the Catholic
ladies of Linden were to give a picnic on
the 12th inst, and confounded the dates,
so when the enterprising stranger left he
had kegs of beer, wine, clothing, groceries,
hats, shoes, neckties and dozens of other
articles of value. And now the merchants
who were bunkoed are trying to keep the
matter quiet.
A BJOCKIOy WAIF.
It* Temporary Protector* Want to Qlve
a liain/ Away.
STOCKTON, Cal., May s.— Early m the
forepart of last February a nice-appearing
and rather pleasant-faced woman of mid
dle age and medium height and build,
called at Mrs. Abbott's lodging-house in
the second story of the flat on the north
side of Main street, midway between
Stanislaus and Grant streets, No. 721, and
asked whether she conld get a room there.
In her arms she carried a little baby.
Rooms were shown her, and then she said
that she was acquainted with certain
people here, and that if she could ascer
tain their whereabouts she would prefer
to live with them, but that if they could
not be found she would return and take a
room there.
"It is so tiresome," she added, "carrying
my baby on the street. Would you mind
if 1 left it here while I am hunting for
my friends?"
"Certainly not," said the lady ad
dressed, and with that the little fellow
was taken in. The woman has not since
IIL LUUIXLU UU 9 lI HO UIiLI lt.
YOU OFTEN MEET A MAN WHO LOOKS OLDER
than he really is, but you seldom meet a man who be-
lies his looks 36 years. Certainly this was no ordinary
man who could run through his life so rapidly as to lose 36
" years of looks in 24 years. Yet this is an actual fact. A
man applied for the HUDYAN treatment not long ago. Ho
gave his age as 24 ; he was a miner, had worked hard for
seven years, came to the city twice a year and dissipated.
His cheeks were hollow, his eyes were like burnt sockets,
his lips were bloodless, fearful gaunt emaciation had set in.
His legs were like spindles, his hands trembled, his knees
knocked; he looked at you, but he really was looking into
space. He could not remember the name of his town. He
slept on the doctor's chair for twenty minutes. When he
awoke he told a tale of woe. He said he could not sleep in
bed. Horrible nights and fearful days he spent. He had
lost thirty pounds in weight. He was constantly losing.
He seemed to think he was draining away. He attributed
his troubles to his early life of dissipation. And this man
wanted to get back to a new life. He was willing to promise
to do anything that was right and just. It took two years
to make this man a perfect fellow. He regained l^is
strength and vigorousness by the use of the HUDYAN
remedy-treatment. He is now an active man. His testi-
monial can be had along with the 9999 others. The Hud-
son Medical Institute has 10,000 testimonials from men
whom the doctors treated and cured. You can see these
testimonials if you write or call for them. You can consult
the Hudson Doctors free. It will cost you no money to
consult with these doctors. Address
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Ellis, Market and Stockton Streets.
put in an appearance, and now the land
lady wants some one to adopt the babe.
EEL UliLli UUl.!>>. IIS DEAD.
The, Body of Father Jernn* of Eden
Valley Mot Recovered.
CAHTO, Cal., May s.— The body of
Father Jeram, who was drowned in the
North Eel River yesterday, has not been
recovered. A most vigorous search has
been in progress all night and day. The
river banks are being patroled to-night
and friends are casting all manner of hur
riedly improvised grappling tackle in
their anxiety to recover the body. lHuqe
bonfires at night i.luminate the* river
bants at intervals of a mile apart while
the faithful colonists are industriously
pursuing tneir grewsome labor.
The Eel River at this point and period
is at its highest, owing to the heavy snow
still in the mountains, and which is melt
ing rapidly. Tiie north fork of the river
takes ils head in the Yollo Bolle Moun
tains, trie stream being eighty yard 9 wide
and the current switt. Grave fears are
now entertained that the body will be
washed into the sea.
The commiseration depicted upon the
faces of the colonists at the 1033 of their
leader bespeaks with pathetic emphasis
their love for Father Jeram. All hope
seemed centered upon him to further their
colonial enterprise.
IHE QRJZEXWOOD ASTER.
Xatnea of the Seaman l.oit Front the
Steamship Whitesboro.
CAHTO, Cal,, May s.— Additional ad
vices from Greenwood state that the
steamer Whitesboro returned from sea
this morning, the ocean moderating suffi
ciently to admit her into the harbor
again, and she is now moored at her wharf
loading, and will soon leave for San Fran
cisco.
The unfortunates who were drowned by
the capsizing of the small boat in attempt
ing to sever the buoy lines were: Second
Officer August Folrerson, unmarried,
resided in San Francisco; Seaman John
Johnson, married, lived in Berkeley and
had a family there; Seaman John Lind
hoim, unmarried, resided in San Fran
cisco and had no known relatives. Lind
holra's body was the one washed
ashore and recovered yesterday. It wil!
be buried here. The bodies of the others
have not been recovered.
UKIAH' S SOCIAL SENSATION.
Merchant Abraham Charges His Domestic
Woes to His Wife's Ungcvern-
able Temper.
UKIAH, C£l., May s.— The account in
to-day's Call of the altercation in Hop
land on Saturday between Mrs. Louis
Abraham of this place and Miss Varner of
Hopland has created considerable stir in
social circles here and in Hopland, where
all the persons concerned are well and
favorably known.
Mr. Abraham claims that Miss Varner
came to Hopland to visit her brother and
his wife two months after Varner com
menced clerking in Abraham's store, and
that she did not come, as claimed, when
her brother was first employed. He
further says that she has never called at
his store since she came to Hopland. and
has always, as far as hid knowledge is
concerned, acted in a perfectly ladylike
manner.
He declares that the young lady has
never followed him, but that the sus
picious harbored by Mrs. Abraham were
aroused solely b> r his wife's insanely jeal
ous disposition and ungovernable temper.
Abraham says that legal papers for a
separation were drawn between himself
and wife some two montns ago. and their
property rights and other matters ar
ranged to the satisfaction of both at that
time. He has no words of censure for hia
wife and says she has always been a good,
true woman and a good mother, but her
temper is the cause oi their troubles. He
feels keenly the notoriety which attaches
to his family and himself by reason of bit
wife's recent escapade.
ESCAPE FROM WHITTIER.
J Seven Male Inmates of the Reform School
Make a Successful Dath for
Liberty.
LOS ANGELES, Cal.. May s.— Seven
male inmates of the Whittier State School
escaped from tbe institution last night.
They had been working in the electrical
and power department under the direc
tion of John Taylor. The boys are sup
posed to have taken their departure about
8 o'clock, but it was not until some time
after this that their absence was dis
covered.
Superintendent Van Alstyne ordered all
of his available force out in pursuit, and
they spent most of the night in searchins,
Din their efforts were without reward.
Early this morning a part of the posse,
headed by Fire Chief Daniel Monarity,
arrived in this city and save descriptions
of the seven escapes to the police ana
Sheriff Burr. The name-* of the boys are
Lawrence J. Keogau, John Foley, Ed
Wilson, George Wilson, Harry Monomy,
John Kice and Pedro Garcia.
It was predicted that the change in the
administration at the school would result
in many inmates making breaks for
liberty, the boys attempting to take ad
vantage ol their new guards. As the
standing reward for the capture of tho
runaways is $10 a head, the escaped boy»
are beine diligently sought for.
NEW TO-PAY.
A Correction.
Yesterday our advertising man
made us say WOOL hats, 95 cents.
This was a mistake. Should have
been FUR hats.
Fedoras — the fashionable shape
— 95 cents. Colors, black, brown,
steel, otter and maple.
Made of fur — not wool.
We know — we don't surmise ;
we positively know that these are
the very best hats sold in this city
for 95 cents.
They were manufactured for us
— specially — so we ought to know
what they are, eh ?
When it comes to higher quality
hats — we have them at $1.35,
31.75, $2 and $2.50. Youman and
Knox shapes, same as you would
i buy in New York City.
New store — new goods, remem-
| ber.MARIN'S HERMIT
PULLS UP STAKES
The Angels Tell Him to
Change His Place
of Abode.
"Jerry" Leaves Reed-Lyford
Canyon for Regions
Unknown.
Goes Forth Into the Wilderness to
Indulge His Strange Religious
Vagaries.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., May s.— The
hermit of the Mann hills has deserted
bis abode in the Reed-Lyford Canyon near
the picnic grounds of El Campo and left
for regions unknown. Last evening he
was seen by Constable John Mahar on
the county road near Tamalpais station.
He was trudging along with nis coat over
nis arm and his long, reddish hair flying
with the wind.
The Constable, who was one of the party
that discovered the hermit's retreat some
time pgo, called him familarly by the
name of Jerry. The hermit stopped and
shookbands and when questioned as to
where he was going said ti.at he didn't
snow. He intended to reach San Rafael
that evenine and from there he would
seek some wilderness where he could live
In peace and continue his religious
studies.
When questioned as to his ear'y life he
Baid that lie h d worked as a policeman
in the Palace Hotel in San Francisco, and
that be had a brother in the City. He
could not »tate how long he had lived
the life of a hermit; he had kept no track
of the flight of time. Here he branched
off into liis relieious talk and told of how
the angpls watched over him and taught
him great truths.
At his strange habitation in the Reed-
Lyford Cannon which he has just deserted
he had a pate erected ;n from of his hut.
Tnis pate was supported by posts, but no
fence was on either He said last
nipht that the angels had sent this to him
and told him to place it where he had it.
He would open this gate and carefully
close it after him, when he approached
hi? hut.
The hermit is intelligent and talks well
•on eveiy i-utject. Hi- reiieiom views are
strange and upon this topic alone does be
exhibit signs of insanity. When he was
discoverer some time a<;o in his secluded
retreat away from civilization he was
dressed in buckskin clothes, and was read
ing aloud from a bible. In his hut were
pictures of Catholic prients and volumes
of books such as "The Lives of the
Martyrs." For days at a time, he said, he
wi'Uiu fast in order to do penance.
Thus the life of the hermit became a
mystery to the people living in the
vicinity of Tiburon. They knew be lived
.somewhere about, but never could get a
glimpse of bim or his habitation. Now
he is gone and when he will return to his
old quarters is a matter of speculation.
A NEW HUMANE SOCIETY.
Friends of Dumb Animals Will Educate
the Rising Generation.
An organization to be known as the
Humane Educational Society of Calilornia
will be formed to-morrow afternoon in
t.'>« Young Mpd's Christian Association
building. The purpose of the society is
to protect the dumb animals of the State.
The means by which this is to be ac
complished are very different from those
of other bodies, with which whenever
possible ;he new society will co-operate.
In the fir- 1 place the society will establish
county branches or societies wherever the
field is not covered by any other society.
The next movement will be to educate
the prople to treat their dumb animals
with more kindness and this will be be
gun in the public schools, Sabbath-scliools
and churches. The plan proved success
ful in England arid France. In Massa
chusetts, Washincton and a lew other
States humane education is required by
law. In this State the work ot humane
education hag been commenced by the
California State committee, which is com
posed of a number of ladies and gentle
men who wili organize the State Society
to-morrow. The committee was formed
last September and it has created several
county societies.
Among the members of the committee
are Rev. Dr. Gardner, Chnries H. Hol
brook, secretary ot the local society, and
Miss Emma M. Gay. The latter in dis
cussing the proposed organization stated
that but few people realize the cruelties
practiced upon dumb animals in th<?
mountain and farminz districts of the
The horse is the principal sufferer.
Those familiar with inese cruelties do uot
appreciate the inhumanity of the careless
and brutal owners. Punishment ior
cruelty will do much, but the greatest
good, she says, will be accomplished by
educating the growing generation.
HYSTERIA IN COURT.
Mrs. G. W. Gagan Overcome by Her
Fee ling* in the McLeod Trial.
Mrs. G. W. Gagan became very much
excited in Judge Carroll Cook's court yes
terday, and went into a fit of hysteria
while on the witness-stand. She was con
veyed from the room, but finally returned
and concluded her testimony in the case
of William McLeod, on trial for man
slaughter, the accusation being that he
caused his wife's death without malice on
the 17th of last March.
Mrs. Gagan testified Mrs. McLeod ran
into her house and cried out tnat she was
gaing to die. The woman was suffering
from nausea and soon afterward died.
The horror of the circumstances appeared
to overcome Mrs. Ga>;an while making her
second attempt to give her testimony, but
sbe finally managed to tell her story.
Mrs. Ella Bates testified that ehe saw
' McLeod put his hand on his wtf»'s t.<roat,
but there was no signs of choking.
Officer Redmond, who arrested the de
fendant, Bwore that McLeod told him that
her depth had been caused by her own
tierce temper. He also told the captain of
pdf ice that he did not intend to choke his
wife, but was only loving her.
There was some testimony to show that
Mrs. McLeod died of iieart disease.
In his own behalf McLeod testified that
the trouble was made by Mrs. Bates, who
had thrust herself into their home, and
that he was trying to eject Mrs. Bates
when his wife had an attack of heart dis
ease which resulted in her death. He said
he did not know that his wife had heart
disease.
In reply to a question by Attorney Ar
thur Mack the defendant swore that he
had always supported his wife to the oesi
of his ability, and had never struck her in
his lite. It WBB shown that they were in
comfortable circumstances.
Daputy District Attorney Ho=mer ar
gued that McLeod was responsible for his
wife's death, whether he choked her or
■not, since, if she died from heart disease
on account of his acts, he must be pun
ished.
Darkened Hearthstonr*.
The record of disrupted family circles was
increased yesterday by the fillncof the follow
ing divorce suits: Belle F. Harris* against
Carles S. Harris*, failure to provide; GiusepDi
Campi against Maria Campi, desertion and
cruelty; Maria Tavarez against Jaymes ,
Tavarez, for cruelty; Celia Fourtner against
Louis Fourtner, failure to provide. fSSpBj
* — « — • — :
THE TURNERS' PICNIC
The San Francisco Verein Hold* Its
Annual Outing at Schuetzen Park.
The forty-fifth anniversary of the San
Francisco Turner Verein was celebrated
by a picnic held at Schuetzon Park, near
San Rafael, Sunday. The early trains
conveyed a large number of the members
of the society and their friends, and by 12
o'clock about 1500 picnickers were on the
grounds. The preat dancing pavilion was
comfortably tilled.
The committee in charge of the picnic
consisted of G. A. Frost (chairman), Dr.
Brune, A. Bergman, J. Beran, J. Schmidt,
A. Schoelkops. The ollicers of the society
are as follows: President, Dr. Brune;
vice-president, F. Attinger; secretary, J.
Schmidt; financial secretary, A. Muller;
treasurer, H. Planz; trustees — W. Place
man, L. Schneider and C. Markus.
JOURNEYMEN BARBERS.
Thoy Will Start the Karlj-lloilug
Movement in (September.
The Journeymen Barbers' International
Union No. 27 met Tuesday evening and
{•even new members were initiated. The
committee selected to agitate the 8 o'clock
closing movement reported that it had
decided to inaugurate the movement on
September 1. The following committee
was appointed to visit the Labor Council,
Labor Alliance and the various labor
unions to get them toco-operate in the
early-closing movement: F. Hoages,
G. A. Drenger, I. Less, William Bruie
stiaw, G. H Hr.rd, W. J. Foster, R. F.
Shinn ami W. Berliner.
BURIED WITH ALL HONOR
Remains of Drilimaster Mar-
shall at Rest in Odd Fe!-
lows' Cemetery.
An E cort Furnished by ths Police
and the National Guard— Choral
Service
Robert A. Marshall, the late senior cap
tain of the First Infantry Regiment, N. G.
C, who died so suddenly Monday last,
was buried yesterday in Odd Fellows'
Cemetery. The funeral ceremonies were
conducted by the Rev. Edgar Lion of St.
Stephen's Episcopal Church.
At the time of his death Captain Mar
shall was drillmaster of the Police De
partment, and as such he was entitled to
the honors due bis rank.
Captain Wittman and his company of
thirty- two policemen, the second bat
talion neaded by Sergeant Nash, acted as
escorts, wmle the members of the Police
Choral Society ana the members of the
Widows' and Orphans' Aid Society were
the mourners.
As a body tne two companies and the
two societies marched to the late home of
deceased. 20% Frantclin street, and paid
their last and tad res pec's to their-com
rade.
The Choral Society sang "Nearer, My
God, to Thee," and "The Soldier's Fare
well."
The National Guard was represented by
all the officers of the First Regiment
excepting Lieutenant-Colonel Duboce,
who is still walking on crutches.
Company M, Captain Thomas O'Neil,
ana Company D, Lieutenant Sullivan,
escorted toe remains to their last resting
place.
The cozy little home, where deceased
leaves a young widow and a lovely child,
was more than crowded with friends and
sympathizers. Floral pieces and cut
flowers had been sent as parting tokens
with such proiu.-ion that it was impossi
ble to get them into the flat. The .Police
Department and the two companies of the
National Guard in attendance also sent
immense floral tributes.
MARQUIS OF BREAD ALBANE
A Famous Nobleman to Arrive Whose
Ancestors Fought in the Highlands
Ijong Before Hoy Boy.
The Marquis of Breadalbane of Scotland,
whose house is one of the oldest and most
famous in his country, ana who has
achieved much in his lifetime, is in quar
antine in the ship Empress of India off
Victoria, B. C, and is expected to visit
Seattle and San Francisco shortly. He
The Arms of the Marquis of
Breadalbane, the Nobleman
Who Is Expected Here in a
Few Days.
comes of the powerful Campbell family of
Scotland, which for hundreds of years
have cut such a great figure in the aff.iirs
of Great Britain.
The Scottish nobleman was Lord in
Waiting to her Majesty in 1873 and 1874,
Treasurer of her .Majesty's Household
from 1380 to 1885, Lord Steward from 1892
to 1895, and Lord Hir;h Commissioner to
the General Assembly of the Church of
Scotland for three years, dating from 1892.
He ia Sir Gavin Campbell, Knight of the
Garter, baronet and first marquis of
Bread al bane, was born April 9, 1861, and
succeeded to his title in 1871. He was
educated at St. Andrew's University in
Scotland. He was lieutenant of the
Fourth Batahon of the Argyle and
Sutherland Highlanders and captain oi
the Shropshire Yeomanry Cavalry. He is
a Justice of the Peace for County Perth
and a Justice of the Pi-ace for Argyleshire
and is a major in the famous Black Watch
Regiment of Royal Highlanders. He is
also Eail of Ormelie, County Caithness,
and Lord High Commoner to general
assemoiv of the church of Bcotland in
18b3, 1894 and 1895. He married Lady
Alma Imogene Carlotta Leonore, fourth
daughter of the Duke of Montrose.
His country residences are: Taymouth
Castle. Aberfeldy, Perthshire; Auchmore
House, Gienfalloch House, Perthshire;
Arrnaddy Castle and Blackraound, Tyn
drum, Argyleshire. His London residence
is Harcourt House, Cavendisn square.
He is a member of Marlborougn, Reform
and National Liberal clubs.
As soon as the nobleman gets out of
quarantine he will visit Victoria and Van
couver and will then spend a short time
in California. He will no doubt attract a
great deal of attention here.
Cruelty to bailors.
Patrick McXichols, mate of the American
bark Harry Morse, was arrested yesterday by
United States Marshal Baldwin on a charge of
cruelty on the high seas. United State* Com
missioner Heacock sot next Friday morning at
10 o'clock as the time for hearing the case.
A Cook ( <'il I>ead.
Marks SUmpalia. n vegetable cook in Engel
brccht's restaurant, on the corner of Kearny
and Sumner streets, fell dead in th« kitchen
yesterday morning. Aa autopsy by Dr. Galla
gher snowed liat the cauia of death was heart
disease.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 6, 1897.
DR. HOBBS HERE
TO FORWARD CORN
He Will Load the City of
Everett With Prairie-
Grown Cereals.
Five Cargoes Are Now Ready
for the starving People
oi India.
California to Be Asked to Contribute
500 Tons— Story of a Great Pub
lic Cbarity.
Dr. Richard Gear Hobbs of Jackson
ville, 111., secretary of the Illinois Con
ference of the M. E. Church and special
representative of Dr. Louis Klopsch of
the Christian Herald, has arrived here to
attend to the loading of the whaleback
City of Everett with corn for the starving
India. He reached here yesterday,
and is at the Occidental.
The corn which is needed to load the
ship, or at least 2500 tons of it, is coining
by rail from Nebraska, lowa, Kansas and
Illinois. About 500 tons 01" it is here
already, being stored in the warehouse of
G. W. McNear, at Port Costa. The rest
will come along as fast as possible, so Mr.
Hobbs says, and he hopes to get it all
loaded and ready to sail for Calcutta, the
port for which it is destined, in three
weeks. The City of Everett la expected
down from the Sound in a day or two.
Though Dr. Hobbs has done a great deal
to get contributions of corn for the suffer
ing people of India he says he has done
nothing compared to Dr. Klopsch, who is
the head and front of this great public
charity, and he desires to have him receive
the credit for it His paper, Christian
Herald, Mr. Hobbs says, has a circulation
of 200,000 weekly, and Dr. Klopsch has
used its influence in favor of the people
of India and has already got enormous
contributions for them.
"He has enough at this date," said Dr.
Hobbs, "to load five ships. One of these
cargoes will go on the City of Everett and
another will go from New York on an
other vessel furnished by the United
State? Government. This last cargo will
consist of aboat 4000 ton*. The other
three cargos will be taken from New York
in British ships, as England has offered
to join us and carry away this grain.
"The City of Everett, which will be
loaded here, will carry about 3000 tons of
corn. As 2500 tons are coming from the
prairie Siates, and as there is room for 500
tons more, we hope that California will
make up this amount.
"The 4000-ton ship will sail from New
York first. After that England will con
tribute as many ships as are needed. The
movement is just at its height. I think
Dr. Klopsch is sure to get two or three
sbiplonds besides those already obtained.
"The Mennonites in Kansas have con
tributed no less than ninety carloads of
corn. They raised mo^t of the corn they
contributed in theircolony. The rest of ft
they bonuht. The farmers turough Illi
nois, lowa, Kansas and Nebraska have
contributed liberally. The Rev. Dr. T.
DeWitt Talmage, Dr. KloDsch and Mis*
Leach, the latter a returned Indian mis
sionary, have just completed a tour of
these States. Ihe meetings were thronged
and were attended with a great deal of
enthusiasm, while the contributions were
very liberal. The concludin*.- meeting was
to be at the Auditorium in Chicago, where
it was proposed to a«k for a shiDload of
corn. 1 haven't heard from the meeting,
but I think they got it.
"We are asking only for corn, first be
cause it is cheaper than wneat, and next
because the Indian people are accustomed
to it and want it in preference to anything
else. Dr. Kiopsch has been identified
with many great charities. He raised
and- forwarded $60,000 to the Armenians.
He sent $30,000 and thirty carloads of
supplies to Kansas and Nebraska at the
time'of the drouth. He also sent a cargo
of wheat to Russia during the famine."
Dr. Hobbs is accompanied by Mrs.
Hobbs, who will go with him to India.
FORGERY CHARGED.
Investigation Into Haln A N'orrrnn
Company Affairs by the District
Attorney.
Attorney Baggett and M. W. Fox have
Jodged information of a sensational char
acter with District Attorney Barnes, pre
liminary, It is said, to the arrest of those
accused, alleging that certain weil-known
mining men connected with the Hale <fe
Norcross Company are guilty of forging
the seal of that company. The persons
accused constitute the board of directors
of the company, elected, it is charged, by
Attorney J3aggeit in direct defiance of an
order of the court.
The men involved in the accusation are:
Thomas J. Cole, president ot the Potosi
mine; A. J. McDonnell, a broker; George
W. Grayson and R. R. Grayson. The case
of the rival boards of directors has been
in court from time to time.
It is alleged that the Grayson board,
after organizinc for business, sent the
necessary certiticate of election to Ne
vada to be filed, and, as it needed the
official seal of the company, which the
other board refused to give, did away with
the old seal and made a new one, with
which the documents were stamped.-
The prosecution, according to Attorney
Bazgett, w .]| be based on that provision
of section 470 of the Criminal Code which
declares that the making of a seal of an
incorporation by unauthorized persons
constitutes a forgery.
District Attorney Barnes admits that
he is considering the matter oi the allega
tions of forgery, but will not be prepared
to render an opinion in the matter either
way till Saturday.
When R. B. Grayson, son of George W.
Grayson, and secretary of the Hale &
Norcross board of directors, accused ot
the alleged forgery, was seen last night
he made the following statement:
This matter is a surprise to me, but you may
put it down as another attempt of Fox and
Bagfrett to complicaee the litigation in which
the Hale & KorcroM Company is now involved.
We have done nothing illegal or criminal In
this mntier. The statement that we represent
the Hay ward interests is false. Hay ward has
no interest in the company at a.i. At tho
meeting where Fox served the injunction
upon us antl prevented our voting prnxie* nnd
regular certificates of stock we lia<J 86,000
shares, more than enough to carry the elec
tion.
Subsequently we met again, according to
order of the court, and Fox refused to cog
nize our proxies. We tuen held a separate
meeting and demanded, as a matter of form,
the books and seal of the company of Secre
tary R. U. Collins. He declined to turn the
property over to us. whereupon the directors
met a^ain and after rescinding the old seal of
the company adopierl a new. one. This we
wern privileged to do by law, aud if that is a
forgery, the law must be very defective.
We have inHtilut-.-d proceedings to recover
possession of the company's books and they
are now pending. Fox and his people are
getting impntient and all they desire is to
clog the record. They will find us ready to
answer the charge ii they bring It In court.
It has no weight whatever.
Attorney Bageett states that Alvinza
Hayward is believed to be behind the men
aimed at and that warrants charging them
with i'orjtery will in all probability be
secured even if the District Attorney ren
ders an adverse opinion.
•— ♦ — •
A royal folio volume has a page 9 by 12
inches
THE EMPORIUM. I
I ' COME {MORNINGS IF POSSIBLE.
SCOME ORDERS FILLED IF TIME.-
MAIL ORDERS FILLED IF IN TIME.
I »Vk%JE OP TME^^v^^-^l^^j^
I Created a Sensation!
I Aroused the Whole City!
- - . .
I Smashed All Records!
SSuch values as we're offering now are a revelation. They have never been
I equaled! The magnetism of our matchless bargains in fresh, clean, new season's
i j merchandise brought buyers from every part of the city and nearby towns. In excel-
I lence, in variety, in value-giving and in magnitude it surpasses all former sales. Two
I hundred extra salespeople, a dozen extra delivery wagons. WE'LL DO OUR BEST
I TO GIVE YOU PROMPT AND SATISFACTORY SERVICE.
I Prices for To=Day, Friday and Saturday.
I Read this list of Extraordinary Reduc- Read this list of Extraordinary Reduc-
I tions from the Domestic Department. tions from the Suit and Cloak Department.
H 53.95 pair-White Blankets, 66x80 -D. &H. price was $5.50 55-00-Ladies' All-Wool Outing Suits-were $15.00
a $5.95 pair-White Blankets, 72x84 -D. &H. price was... 7.50 , •• Light or dark colors-all si es.
U $7.50 pair-White Blankets, 72x84 -D. &H. price wTs 12.50 5r5-00-Lad.es'Silk-lined Tailor Dresses, were $25.00 and $30.00
I 8 5ceach-MarseiHes Pattern Quilts, 11-4 -D.&H. price was 1.25 • nt Skirt and Jacket lined throughout mth Stlk Taffeta.
9 $r.ioeach-Silkaline Comforts, 72x84 -D. &H. price was 1.50 *6. 45-New Tan Covert Fly-front Jackets-were. $10.00
ft 08c each-Cretonne Comforts, 60x72 -D. &H. price was 1.35 Di ; 0.,, ,-, All stlk Imed-all stz/s.
9 50c yard-Linen Table Damask, 72 inch-D. &H. Price was 75 $7-50-Black S.lk Velour Moreen, separate skirts-were $12.50
I 90c yard-Double Table Damask, 72 inch-D. &H. price was 1.35 $2.8 5 -Fancy Silk Foulard Wa.sts-hned-were.... ...J4.00
I ioc each-Huck Linen Towels, 17x34 -D. &H. price was doz 1.50 69c-D.rn.ty and Lawn Sh.rt Wa.sts-were $1.00 and $1.25 .
I 20c each-Huck Linen Towels. 21x43 -d. &h. price was doz 35° R ea( this st o Extraordinary Offerings
'{& 5c yard—Lace Stripe Dimity D-. &H. price was 10 • ' »
V t^c yard-Printed Batiste -d. &h. price was .15 from the $30,000 Eastern Manutacturers
I 15c yard-Printed Organdies -D. &H. price ":::::::: 25 Clothing Stock, now being sold in conjunc
| 20c yard-Scotch Lappets -D. &H. price wa5..... 30^ V,lOining OLOCK, nOW Ueing S»UIU 111 LUlljUlll
I tion with the Doane & Henshelwood Dry
I Read this list of Extraordinary Reduc- Goods. the Doane & Henshelwood Dry
Read this list of Extraordinary Reduc- Goods,
I tions from the Dress Goods Department. ■ 53 95-Mens wool sack suits-reduced from $7.50
r $6.Bs—Men's Tweed and Cheviot Sack Suits-reduced from 10.00
Q 22^ yard—Choice Printed Challies—D. &H. price was :..$ .50 $1.25— Boys' All-Wool Suits— 4 to 14years—reduced from 2-5°
ra $1.20 Suit—Novelty Dress Patterns—D. &H. price was 3.00 $I.Bs—Boys' Braid-Trimmed Reefer Suits—reduced from 3.00
61 yard—Choice Printed Patterns —D. &H. price wa5....."....'... $ 5.00 $1.95 — Boys' Fine Dress Pants—spring colors—were..... 2.50
$1.20 Suit —Novelty Dress Patterns—D. &H. price was 3.00 51.85—Boys' Braid-Trimmed Reefer Suits —reduced from 3.00
$2.00 Suit—Novelty Dress Patterns—D. &H. price was '. 5-oo j r. 95 —Men's Fine Dress Pants—spring colors—were 3.00
I) $2.50 Suit—Novelty Dress Patterns —D. &H. price was 7.50 . $3.35 —Boys' Long Pants Suits —12 to 19 years—were 8.50
r $3.50 Suit— Novelty Dress Patterns—D. &H. price was 10.00 50c—Mother's Friend Shirt Waists —always .90
(f $5.00 Suit—Novelty Dress Patterns— D. &H. price was 12.50 *-••!•- _r *. j» n_i
I 56 .00 suit-Noveity Dress Patterns-D. &h. price was .15.00 Readthishst of Lxtraorclinary Keduc-
158 00 Suit-Novelty Dress Patterns-D. &H. price wa5...... 22.50 t j 0 f()m the M en's Furnishing Department.
I $10.00 Novelty Dress Patterns— D. &H. price was 27.50  UDn_. ... . _ 5* „r. ,
I 59c yard-Novelty Dress Goods -D. &H. price was 1.25 soc-Men s English Balbnggan Underwear -D. &H. pnce was... $1.00
I 69c yard-Novelty Dress Goods -D. &H. price was 1.50 25c-Mens Lamb's Wool Underwear -D &H. pnce was... .50
I 35c yard-Black Dress Goods -D. &H. price was 95 750-Men s ■ Vicuna Un derwear -D. &H. price was... 1.50
I 59c yard-Black Dress Goods -D. &H. price was 1.25 35c-Men s Blue Ba Ibr.ggan Underwear -D. &H. price was... .75
1 53.00 Suit-Black Dress Patterns-D. &H. price was 6.50 9Sc-M«i;s Austalifin Lamb's Wool Underwear-D. &H. pr.ce.was... 1.50
3 $.50 Suit-Black Dress Patterns-D. &H. price was 8.50 $i.oo-Men s^A I-Wool Sweaters reduced from 1.50
I $4.75 Suit-Black Dress Patterns-D. &H. price was 10.50 Qoc-Men s Golf Sh.rts, reducedl from. 1.25
I $6.75 Suit-Black Dress Patterns-D. &H. price was 15.00 6 5c-Men s French Percale Sh.rts reduced from 1.50
54.75 Suit-Black Dress Patterns-D. &H. price was .0.50 foe-Men s Golf Shirts, re duoed from 1.25
16.75 Suit-Black Dress Patterns-D. &H. price was 15.00 650-Men s French Percale Shirts reduced 1.50
»- jw./5 ouil 40c—Men's White Laundered Shirts —D. &H. price was 75
H . " . n j 60c—Men's White Laundered Shirts .—D. & H. price was 1.25
SRead thlS llSt Of Extraordinary KedUC- 45 c-Boys' White Laundered Shirts -D. &H. price was 75
. _ .- o. gl al/ 1 4- f\ *^«^ 4. 25c—Bovs' Flannelette Neglige Shirts —D. &H. price was 50
tlOnS from the Silk and Velvet Departments. 25c-Men's Percale Nelige Shirts, reduced from 50
jt _4.jcij no mr n «ri---«roc « m 50c—Assortment Men's Neglige Shirts, reduced fr0m........... 75
25c yard—lmported Foulards —D. &H. price was .75 •> »,,»«• ° v r-i c v j '-1
a 40c yard-Printed Indias (French)-D. &H. price was.... 8 5 i^c, 3or soc-Mens Merino Hose -D. &H. pr.ce pair. .35
f 70c yard-French Printed Indias-D. &H. price was 1.25 2fr 25c-Men's Lamb s Wool Hose-D. &H. pr.ce pa,r 25
1 05cyard-FinestCreedeChen-D.&H. price was 1.25 **> 3 <°< *sc-Men \Ba 1 bnggan Hose-D. &H. pnce pair 25
I 50c yard-Fancy Figured Silks-D. &H. price was 8 5 50c—Men's English Buck Driving Gloves, were 1.00
£1 50c yard —Fancy Figured Silks —D. &H. price was... 05 •>wv# b
I 75c yard-Fancy Figured Silks-D. &H. price was : .....1.25 Read this list Of Extraordinary Reduc-
S 65c yard—Black Brocade Silks—D. &H. price was 90 •■ ,„ . _ '
75c yard—Black Brocade Satins— D. H. price was.. 1.00 tlOnS trOm the LUrtain Uepartment.
85c yard—Black Brocade Silks—D.& H. price was 1.25 75c—Lace Curtains, 3 yards by 50 inches —D. &H. price $1.25
$1.00 yard—Colored Silk Velvets—D. &H. price was 1.75 $I.so—Lace Curtains, 3^ yards by 54 inches—D. &H. price........ 2.25
-. i $I.7s—Lace Curtains, 3>£ yards by 58 inches—D. &H. price 2.75
S Read this list ■of Extraordinary Reduc- 51.75 —Lace Curtains, m yards by 58 inches—D. &H. "ZZZZ.. 2.75
Read this list of Extraordinary Reduc- Z%%ls£z:Z~ %
I tionS from the Hosiery Department. $2.75-Fine Tapestry Portieres, heavy fringe, reduced from... 75
1 7 / $3.7s—Fine Tapestry Portieres, heavy fringe, reduced from 5.00
P i2}^c pair—Ladies' Black Hose —D.& H. price was .20 $3.00— Chenille Table Covers, two yards square, reduced from 5.00
W 17c pair-Ladies' Black Hose v -D. &H. price was ; 25 " rVXD 4 mA I
\ 25c pair—Ladies'Black Hose -D. &H. price was .35 . ' t\l KA . OrtUAL.
I 25c pair-Ladies; Fancy Hose _D. &H. price was ,00 1000 pa j rs Satin Hose Supporters, with Satin Belt, drilled elastic
l%sZss£SZl£* l£*£-I£3ZZZ: t; and loop, D. &H. price was 75c a pair. GoonSALE
S ioc Ladies' Vests and Drawers—D. &H. price was .25. TO-UAY 25c pair. ;
\ 25c each-Ladies' Union Suits -D. &H. price wa5..:..... .50 ffiQot More .Than Two Pairs to Any One Customer.
Ijj 25c each—Ladies' Vests and Drawers—D. &H. price was 1.00 500 pieces Taffeta and Moire Ribbons, extra wide, all colors, D.
ft 75c each—Ladies' Union Suits —D. &H. price was —.............. 1.25 &H. price 50c yard. Go on SALE TO-DAY 24c yard. .
W 1214 c each—Child's Vests and Pants— D. &H. price was 25 . A -«_• ■• * x r * j- n j
I "* Read this list of Extraordinary Reduc-
I Dr. Jaeger's Sanitary Wool Underwear tions from the Notion Department.
lat a DiSCOUnt OfF D. &H. price. , 5cs 001-Cutter'sSpoolSilk -D. &H. price wa5...........: .$.lO
W ■ 2^c spool— Cutter's Spool Twist —D. &H. price was 05
» . 5c yard—No. 9 Satin Ribbons —D.& H. price was 10
I Read this list of Extraordinary Reduc- '^pJe^BfneSn^V^P^-atH'pto %
I tions from the Lace Department. ]M§^§Sj£i% liSl||glii||is
\ 5c yard— Dotted and Fancy Veilings— D.& H. price was.... $.35 12c yard—Percaline, double width—D. &H. price was .20'
|| 50c each—Fans —D. H. price wa5........ 2.00 38c yard—Black Woolen Moreen— D. &H. price was 55
If 50c each—Fans ' —D. &H. price was.. 2.50 ioc yard—Organdie Linings —D. &H. price wa5....... .15
ffl 75c each—Fans —D. &H. price wa5........ ".... 3.00 • 50c yard—Jeweled Trimmings —D. &H. price was 2.00
§| 75c each—Fans —D.& H. price was 5.00 . 75c Jeweled Trimmings —D. &H. price wa5............ ...... '3.75
|l 15c each—Ladies' Silk Scarfs —D. &H. price was ■ .35 75c each—Beaded Garnitures —D. &H. price wa5.............. 2.50
D 15c each—Ladies' Satin Scarfs '— D. &H. price wa5..........: ..:.. 50 ■,'; ioc pair—Shell Side Combs » —D.& H. price was 25
(L 68c yard—ace Flouncings —D.& H. price was. .............2.50= 15c pair—Elastic Garters' —D. &H. price was 25
J 25c each—lrish Point Collarettes —D. &H. price was 1.00 5c Shell Back Combs —D. &H. price wa5....... .25
1 The Emporium.
THE EMPORIUM. I
_ I HE _ EMPORIUM. ' I
THE EMPORIUM.
56
She «> «Sill
IHUBSDAY MAY 6,1897
CHARLES M. SHORTRIIMIE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Posta^e Free:
raUy acd Sunday Call, one week, by carrier.. $0.18
Daily BDd Sunday Cam., one year, by mail. . 6.00
Pally find Sunday Call, b)x months, by mall_ 8.00
Dally nnd Sunday Call, three months by mall 1.50
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mall.. .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mall 1.60
WKIK.Iv Call, one year, by mall 1.60
BUSINESS OFFICE:
? It) Market Street.
c an j mnciico, California.
Telephone .. .^ M*ln-.1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay Street.
Telephone Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
627 Montgomery s.reet, corner Cl»y; op«n until
6:30 o'clock.
889 Hayes street; open nntll 9:30 o'clock.
615 I.arkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW. corner SlxteenVtt and Mission street* open
until 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open nntll 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth street, open until 9 o'clock.
1505 Polk street; open until 9;30 o'clock.
N\V. corner Tweuty-second »nd Kentucky
■treeis; op«n till 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICB: .
808 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICB:
Booms 81 und S2, 34 Park Row. New Tor* CUf»
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Kastem Manager.
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
THE SUMMER MONTHS*.
Are you polng to the country on a vacation ? If
co, It Is no trouble for us to forward THE CALL, to
your address. Co not let it miss you for you will
miss it. Orders given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
>'O EXTKA CHAKiiK.
Tne charity bazaar is as dangerous as
the theater.
What we have done for Balboa avenue
will be largely labor in vain unless we do
more.
Paris has learned by a fearful lesson
that accidents will happen in even the best
regulated cities.
Mr. Dingley may still recognize his
littls bill, but he would never have done
ii without the label on it.
The arbitration treaty goes to the waste
la?ket. We can settle our difficulties
■with England one by one as they arise.
Bryan is expected to visit California
cities, but fortunately vacation time is at
hand and we can take to the mountains.
The tariff bill as reported is a trne sur
prise party. It was not only made unex
pectedly, but came in an unexpected
shape.
It is said by the Philadelphia Inquirer
that we are to have an onion trust, and it
is scarcely necessary to add it will be in
bad odor.
It is time for us ail to be giving consid
eration to the Cnristian Endeavorers.
They will be with us pretty soon in large
numbers and full of enthusiasm.
It is not surprising to learn that the
Greeks would rather deal with the Turks
than with the power?. An open enemy
is never so dangerous as a false friend.
San Diego may now be expected to join
the list of cities thatclaim to have doubled
in population since 1890. There is a con
siderable increase in the school census.
We may as well settle down for a long
siege on the tariff quenion, as it is now
evident that the bill in its present form
can never be carried through by a storm
ing party.
The powers when encouraging the Sul
tan to whip Greece never thought of the
possibility that he might get so bold that
it would become necessary to whirl in and
■whip him.
As no explanation of ex- President Har
rison's absence from the Grant celebration
has been forthcoming we may as well set
tle down to the conclusion that the baby
had a tooth.
The export of gold is not altogether a
bad thing at this time, as it will have the
effect of inducing the Senate to hurry up
the tariff and provide the Government
with a revenue.
It was a wise move to take the Hawaiian
treaty feature out of the tariff bill. A
measure of that importance ought to
stand on its own merits and not be mixed
up with other things.
It was only a little while ago that some
people were declaring that Senator Jones
had lost all his pr?stige, and now he holds
the balance of power in the Senate and is
a bigger man than anybody.
With faster fruit trains to Eastern cities
we will be able to get tetter profit in those
markets, and the consumers there will get
better fruit, «o in this instance we may
account the Southern Pacific officials as
public benefactors.
The correspondents who so forcibly de
scribe the disordered retreat of the Greeks
probably went along -with the stragglers
who led the backward movement, and did
not scav 1o see the troops who held the
Turks in check and puarded the retreat.
The bonnet which Victoria wears on
state occasions is a ponderous affair of
black velvet, with huge white plumes,
and it is said that the shape has not been
f-hnnged in twenty-five years. If it de
pended on her Majesty to lead the fash
ions milliners would have time to go
bicycle riding and become experts.
One Now England paper declares that a
craving for pie is a perverted taste, which
is sapping the health of the American
p»nj>!e an 1 making them a race of dyspep
tics, while another New England paper
say: any man who does not relish pie is a
degenerate; bo there you have another
controversy to disturb the country.
It is said that at the present time there
are either building or completing for the
British navy fourteen new battle-ships,
eight first-class and nine second-class
cruisers, two sloops, four gunboats, tifty
two torpedo-boat destroyers and eight
light-draught steamers for special service.
Auy power, therefore, that aspires to take
J'.ritannia'e place as ruler of the sea will
have to fight for it.
It is said that over 780 applications have
been made for the erection at the Paris
Exposition of what are known as "sen
sational novelties." They embrace almost
every sort of engineering feat imaginable,
from revolving towers to a glass tunnel
under the Seine. Only a few of them of
course can be permitted, but it is likely
that some among them will make the
Eiffel tower and Ferris wheel look like
cbromos.
FRUIT TRANSPORTATION.
The announcement published yesterday
that the Southern Pacific Company has
made arrangements for establishing a fast
service for fruit trains from Sacramento
to Chicago, New York, Boston and all the
principal shipping centers of the East
will be in the highest rtegree gratifying
uot only to our fruit-shippers, but to the
people of California generally. The im
provement is likely to be of immense
benefit to the State in many ways, and it
is to be hoped the experiraant will prove
so successful as to lead to further improve
ments in the same direstion hereafter.
The object of the scheme as announced
is to snip fruit from Sacramento between
6a. m. and midnight and land it in Chi
cago wiihin about 125 hours, so that it
will arrive there at 3 a. m., or in New York
at the same hour a day later, thus enabling
the auctioneers to get it unloaded and
catalogued ready for sale on the day of
arrival. This will mean an immense gain
in the value of the fruit, and will result in
securing for our shippers much better
prices than they have obtained lately.
Reports from all parts of the State
show that there is now every pros
pect of a good fruit crop, and as
those in the East seem to have
been largely damaged by frost the chances
are that the demand in the Eastern mar
ket for our products of this kind will be
exceptionable good. The improved schel
ule of freight service is therefore a most
opportune one, both for the California
shipper and for the Eastern consumer. It
offers to us an opportunity to make a
larger figure than ever in the Eastern
fruit market and to obtain there advan
tages which it will be our own fault if we
do not make permanent.
The season for shipping green fruits to
the East will soon begin, and it will not
be long before we are realizing some of the
benefits which may be expected from tha
new service. Fresh California fruit will
be in the East in large quantities as soon
as the return of warmer weatner there in
clines the people to desire fruit and ren
ders it an object oi universal demand.
We have to congratulate ourselves upon
obtaining this improvement, which so
materially widens our markets, and we
owe thanus to the officials of the South
ern Pacific Company, who have arranged
for the service and are prepared to do
their utmost to make the experiment a
successful one in every respect and for all
concerned.
AN APPALLIM HOSROR.
The city which usually bears and merits
the title of the gayest capital in the world
is to-day the saddest. Throughout Paris
there is a feeling of horror and of
caused by one of the moat appalling ca
lamities that has happened i:i any Civil
ized country for many a year. The dig
nity, the eminence ar.d ;he wealth of those
wto have fallen victims w:ii add to the
sensation of horror, lor death never seems
more terrible than when it comes sud
denly and cruelly upon those who have
the best means of enjoying ail the hopes
and splendors of life.
The swift and terrible destruction of the
fire is the mure noteworthy becauso it oc
curred in Paris, where the peoDie of the
world have been taught to beiieve muni
cipal regulations guarding against the pos
sibility of such accidents are most com
prehensive in their nature and most rig
idly enforced. Here, however, it seems
that a building was prepared for the re
ception of large numbers of persons which
in its nature was but little better than a
barn, and was made and decorated with
the flimsiest and most inflammable ma
terial. It appears from all reports that
within a comparatively few minutes after
the fire broke out, the roof fell, burying
beneath its weight in the flaming furnace
the throngs of men and women who,
packei at the doors, were unable to escape.
The calamity, however, was not dv.
-wholly to a neglect of proper precautions
against the possibilities of fire. Flimsy as
was thft structure in which the bazaar
was held, it bad eight door;, and had
there been anything like reason and good
order among those within all could have
escaped in safety. The crowd, however,
became panic-stricken, and in their terror
crowded and crushed one another at the
doors of the main entrance, leaving the
others unnoticed.
Against accidents of that kind there
is no possibility of guarding. Rea
son is gone when panic begins,
and the world has had many a fearful evi
dence that terror-stricken men and women
will trample one another to death in the
fearful rush, no matter how wide open
may be the means of escape. In fact, it is
only a short time ago when in the broad
open plains on the suberbs of Moscow
thousands of peasants died in the same
sort of panic-stricken rusti at the feast
attending the coronation of the Czar.
Many instances are known where dan
gerous panics have been averted by the
presence of mind and coolness of a singie
dominating intellect, lla 1 such a man or
woman been present in the throng that
crowded the Parisian bazaar Paris might
to-day be celebrating a hero instead of
mourning a direful calamity. Possibly,
however, not even the coolest head could
have withstood that, fearful wreck, and
there is no knowing but what some among
those who perished made every effort to
do so. In the presence of such a horror
as this humanity will not undertake to
criticize, and all the voices that are heard
will be those of sympathy and sorrow.
IT EISES IN CALIFORNIA-
California, with its new factories, its
new industries, its new public enterprises,
furnishes a solution to a problem over
which Now England is gloomily lengthen
ing its face. It bus for several days been
a matter for solemn foreboding on New
England's part that no wave of prosperity
has hove in sight thereabouts according
to appointment. By day and by night the
waiting community has mounted a hill
top with a telescope and searched the
horizon without discerning to much as a
prosperous bee in the daytime or an opu
lent firefly at night. Never pausing to
reason the thing out according to the laws
of cause ana effect, New England has laid
the blame for this upon the new adminis
tration, which has:i' t been in power long
enough to catch its breath and light a
cigarette after the magnificent race to get
there.
But tne correction of our misguided
brethren of the far East ia plain before us,
and we lay hold of the duty gladly. The
reasou why Now England cannot yet dis
cern the promised wave ol affluence which
is really to overlay ihe country according
to the best calculating within a few
months is because it is too far away. The
wave has chosen to do its rising in Cali
fornia, and as yet it has not proceeded
very far easiward. If a few Chicagoans
will take the Yerkes telescope up in a bal
loon and get a focus down this side of the
Sierras they will behold a wave of pros
perity that is setting ready to travel over
the continent, with factories, railroads,
beet ranches and everything else that is
profitable in the waks of it.
Just keep California in view, ye gloomy
■ons of eiprctancy. We Are acquiring
new industries of all kinds. Tobacco
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 6, 1897.
raising, canaigre cultivating, beet-sugar
refining— these are examples of the more
recent developments from our soil;
while the building of new factories all
over the State for the accommodation of
the more familiar and older industries,
such as blanket-making, shoemaking, etc.,
etc., is additional evidence of an awakened
spirit of confidence and enterprise in the
people of this vigorous State.
Here the wave of prosperity will have
its source. To westward let New England
and the middle country peer for the first
glimpse of the approaching flood.
TRAFFIC AGREEMENTS.
The decision of the Railroad Commis
sioners on the complaint of the Union
Transportation Company against the San
Francisco and San Joaquin Valley Rail
road, which was published in The Call
yesterday, is in thorough accord with
public interests, and it can hardly bo
doubted that it will be sustained by the
courts should an appeal be taken by the
complainants.
In its essential elements, the decision
declares traffic agreements between con
necting common carriers are valid and
are matters only of private concern to the
parties directly interested. In the par
ticular case under review.Chairman La Rue
said that the contract was ciearJy made in
the interest of the public, in so far as it
made it possible to establish lower rates
to shippers than would otherwise be the
case. It might be inferred from thii that
an arrangement which Is not for the
public benefit would be overruled, but
i hat inference is one which cannot be re
garded as settled until a case involving
the exact point arises for determination.
It will be remembered that the Union
Transportation Company, running a lino
of steamboats, alleged lbat a contract
exists between the Valley road and the
California Navigation and Improvement
Company, which controls a competing line
of steamers, and it was further alleged
that this contract was illegal because tt
excluded the complainants from partici
pating in the business of the road between
San Francisco and points south of Stock
ton.
The defense made was based on the
ground that the contract caused no dis
crimination to any shipper and therefore
was not in any sense a matter whicli
could be reviewed by the Railroad Com
mission, or was in any way a violation of
the law. It was further alleged by tlia de
fendant that the •contract resulted in a
material reduction of through rates to all
shippers over ti.e lines and was therefore
in the nature of a public benefit.
As evidence for the defense the contract
was submitted to the Commissioners for
private examination, and it was after an
investigation of it* terms and their opera
tion that the decision was made. The
complainant has asked leave to amend
the complaint, and it is understood
that the object is to lay the basis for
taking an appeal to the courts. The con
clusion of the matter will be awaited with
no little interest. The issue is one of con
siderable importance, not only to com
mon carriers, out to the public generally,
and a final decision of the points involved
is a matter of no little concern.
As we have stated, the decision of the
Commissioners is well founded from the
point of view ot public interest, as well as
for tne transaction of the business of com
mon carriers, and there is every reason to
believe that it will be sustained by the
Judges should it come before them.
PERSONAL
I J. A. Stmd of Fresno is at the Grand.
R. H. fcequard of Los Gatos is in town,
ft. Eraporan of Sonoma Is at the Ruse.
C. H. Hopkins of Kellogg is at the Russ.
Dr.Wakefield of San Jose is at the Occidental.
R. P. Morris of Stn Jose is at the Cosmopoli
tan.
D. L. Dominick of Chicago is at the Cosmo
politan.
A. K. Reynolds of King City, arrived here
yesterday.
E. S. Churchill, the banker, of Xapa, is here
for a few days.
Ur. A. T. lladsonof Stockton is among the
arrivals here.
J. t'. Cluie of £'. Dorado Canyon, Nev., is at
the Cosmopolitan.
George S. B ss, a general merchant of
Stockton, is in town.
A. Marifisse. owner of a large tannery at
Xana, is in the City.
Senator Robert M. Bulla of Los Angeles ar
rived here last night.
Otto V. Pfister of Munich, Germany, arrived
in the City yesterday.
F. E. Kingsbury of Nevada City is spending
a few days in the City.
C. C. Carson, a well-known resident of Las
sen County, is on a visit here.
G. F. Downs, the mining superintendent, of
Sutter Creek, is at the Occidental.
George 8. Ramer, proprietor of a general
store at Davis Creek, is at the Russ.
Chaplain J. 11. Macomber of the United
States army, Los Angelea, is in town.
John \V. Hepburn of Chicago nrrived here
on last night's train, and is at the Palace.
Louis A. Hicks, a leading business man of
Bakersfield, is visiting San Francisco for a
short time.
K. Randolph, a mining and businets man of
Tucson. Ariz., arrived here yesterday. He Is
at the Palace.
R. Lowenburg, a mining man and general
merchandize dealer of Tuscarora, Nev., is at
the Grand.
R. M. Swan, S. S. Swan, T. T. Swan and J.
H. iio-r.H-.«l of Gunnison, Colo., are at the
Cosmopolitan.
E. J. Reynolds, a business man of Priest
Valley, is in the City on business and will re
main a few days.
Dr. O. L. Barton of the Harman mine, Placer
County, came to the City yesterday, accom
panied by Mrs. Barton.
Benjamin Welch ot Sacramento, master car
builder at the Southern Pacific railway shop
in that city, is at the Grand.
Colonel W. A. Herron, a banker and real
estate dealer of I'ittsburg, is at the Palace,
accompanied by Mr?. Herron.
Thad Huston of Tacoma, an attorney and
prominent politician and member of the
Grand Army, is at the Palace.
\V. 11. Shanahan, the "tall sycamore of
Shasta," is down from his mountain retreat
for a few days, and is at the Grand.
J. M. Williams, the wealthy owner of a large
general store at Newman and of mining prop
erty in the Tehachapl Mountains, is here on a
business trip.
D. H. Bair of Sacramento, road foreman in
charge of the engines on the Southern Pacific
between San Francisco and Tucion, Ariz., is
among tho arrivals.
A prominent party of Denver mining men,
consisting ol William Laurence, M. Fitzgerald,
L. V. Caloron and G. £. West, were among last
night's arrivals.
P. D. Fraser, a mining man of Pi-kiyou
County, who has for some time past been in
New York, where he went on mining busi
ness, is in the City, on his way to Siskiyou.
The Rev. Henry Nagle, the only Episcopal
minister in the new gola camp of Randsburg,
is here on a brief vacation from his arduous
duties among the miners and is at the Occi
dental.
Among the arrivals here last night was C. A.
Williams, formerly of California, now ol Jo
hannesburg, who has made a record in the
Dark Continent, as he did here, as a skillful
engineer. He will remain here for several
weeks.
Father Jerara, who was drowned In Eel
River on Tuesday while trying to swim his
horse across that stream, was a well-known
figure around the Grand and Russ. He
founded the Slavonian colony in Mendoclno
County a year ago and had great influence
among the colonists who had come from over
the ocean on his advice. He was an Austrian
and but 39 years old.
W. E. Baines of Portland, Or., who recently
sold out his interest in the Joggins rafts from
the mouth of the Columbia to this City, has
arrived here from Los Angeles, where he has
been for several weeks, and where he wit
nessed the fiesta. He is at the Lick.
Enard Bain, the millionaire wagon-maker of
Kenosha, Wis., the headquarters for oak,
hickory and ash in that region, is among the
arrivals here. He has come to California on a
protracted vacation from his labors in the ley
north, and is accompanied by Mrs. Bain and
Mr?. A. E. Gray, the latter of Chicago.
Ex-Judge J. D. Bicknell, the wealthy lawyer
of Los Angeles, arrived here yesterday with
several friends and is at the Palace. The ex-
Judge early acquired a large amount of prop
erty in the southern city, and the possession of
this, combined with '.he rapid advancement
of Los Angeles, has caused a big fortune to
accrue to him in recent years. He is under
stood* to be here on Dusiness In connection
with the Los Angeles streetcar lines,
Patrick Lyons, a big grain farmer and cattle
and horse grower of Walla Walla, is at the
L'.ck, accompanied by Mrs. Lyons and the
Misses Kate and Theresa Lyons. They will
probably be in the City several days. Mr.
Lyons Is one ol the old residents of Walla
Walla. He early acquired a large area of the
rich, ashy soil of Walla Walla County, and
ever since has been a heavy producer of
wheat, barley and other grain. He is repre
sented to be one of the wealthiest men in that
part of Washington.
A. B. Wood, long interested in copper mines
in the Lake Superior country, afterward man
ager of the Montana Sapptiire Company Lim
ited, and in the early days ol Leadville one of
the owners of the noted Iron Silver mine, has
returned here after making au extended trip
through the mining districts of the mother
lode. He also went up into the snows of the
Sierras and examined a number of properties.
What with his experiences on mountain tops
and in the bowels of the eanh he says he has
had a lively time.
Professor T. a C. Lowe, the silver-haired
builder of the scenic railroad on lofty Mount
Lowe, the picturesque mountain of the Sier
ras named for him, the owner of several
hotels, residences and other property, and a
great promoter of enterprises of different
kinds for the past ten years in Southern Cali
fornia, returned from the East yesterday, after
two months absence, and is at the Pa;ace. He
said he had visited New York and the leading
cities, and he thinks things are brightening a
little on that side of the continent. He will
be here for several days.
CALIFORNiANi iN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V., May s.— At tho Plaza—
J. B. Leach. Gilsey— G. C. Baldwin. Ash
land—J. B. Hall. St. Denis— S. Mcnzie. Am
sterdam— B. Jeffery and wife. Holland— Mrs.
and Miss Lincoln. Colonnade— f. P. Wilder.
Union-square— Dr. Aund. Aslor— J. A. Filcher.
J. A. O^ilvie. Mrs. O^ilvie and Mr. Smith
left the Plaza to sail on the St. Paul.
WIIH YOUR COFFEE
The merchant must labor and watch every leat,
And he seldom can knock off to play;
But the cook in his kitchen who works by the
week —
She's ihe lady can quit any day.
—Chicago Record.
"Every woman has a fad," said the obser
vant lady to the one who had buried tnree hus
bands.
"Hm! I'd like to know what mine is."
"Marriage."— Louisville Courier-Journal.
"My family," said Miss Antique, "came over
in the Mayflower."
'•Did they really?" exclaimed Sayso, "How
interesting! And were you seasick?"—
Twinkles.
"You ought to be ashamed of yourself," said
the Judge to the gentleman who had been
caught picking pockets at a funeral. -'Have
you no tense of decency?"
"Yes, Judge, but then, you know, people in
a place like that are ho easily touched."—ln
dianapolis Journal.
Nell— Flora going on tho stage.
Belle— l didn't known she had any talent.
Nell— She hasn't; but her aunt, the great .
actress, has just died and left Flora her entire j
wardrobe.— Philadelphia Record.
"No," said Madge, firmly, "I would never !
marry a newspaper man,"
'But why?"
"Why, gracions; you can never scold them
for coming home late."— Philadelphia North
American.
" 'Scuse me," said Tommy, as he helped him
self to another piece of cake.
"Why didn't you ask me, Tommy, if you
wanted jaore?" smiled the hostess.
" 'Cause 'tain't p'lite."— Detroit Free Press.
CRY OF lnE DISCONSOLATE.
My thumbs »re bruised, my head aches and
BotD of my stiint ure raw!
My hair Is full of soot and saud,
And i've a crippled Jaw— , .
We've moved!
The scene that meets my weary gaze
Mends sadness to my heart:
The cnairs are tangled la a maze,
The beds ate torn apirt—
We've moved!
The stove Is shy a lid or two, ■
The mirrors are all crucitt <l
My books— cheap, costly, old nnd new—
In one big heaD are stacked—
•-,;•: • We've moved!
There's nothing but cold s'.uff to eat,
I'mmin.ry. sick and sore;
My shoes have ceased to fit my feet, -
There's naught, to sit (id but the floor—
» We've moved!
'\ -' ,>-', ■.;-*V-.— Cleveland Leader.
MEN AND WOMEN
Prince Ranjitsinhji, the Hindoo Prince, who
headed the English batting list at cricket last
year, has written a book on the game.
Fred Ramsdcn, a Michigan artist, has had
one cf bis pictures accepted by the Paris j
Salon. It was one of 700 selected from 5000
presented for admission.
The statue of Lord Randolph Churchill, or
dered by his nephew, tho Duke of Marl
borough, is almost finished. The statue will
be life size, and it will be placed in Benheim
palace.
A fine bronze statue of the late Sir Richard
Owen has juct been placed in the Natural His
tory Museum, South Kensington, facing the
statue of Darwin. The funds of the statue
were raised by public subscription.
The death of Congressman Milliken will oc
casion the flr«t change in the Maine represen
tative delegation for a peroia of sixteen years, !
all four of the Pine Tree members in the pres
ent House having been colleagues in consecu
tive Congresses.
The Methodist Bishop Thomas Bowman has
chosen a home in Eranston, 111., for the re
mainder of his days. He is 80 years old, was
chaplain of the United States Senate in war
times, has presided over conferences in four
continents and dedicated 1200 churches.
Mrs. Clara Fisher Maeder, the once famous
actress, has published her memories. She is j
80 years of age, and first went on the stage
when 6 years old. For laventy-two years she
icted continuously, and at tho age of 78 re
tired. She was at one time considered the
best Shakespearean actress of her day.
The venerable Gabriel Harrison, actor, man
ager, dramatist, historian of the drama,
teacher, dagucrreotyper, photographer and
painter, and acquainted with the most fam
ous men of forty and flity years ago, still lives
in Brooklyn, on the verge of 80 years, and is
yet busy in writing, teaching and painting.
Engravings from Bir Joshua Reynolds col
lected by the third Earl of Bessborough
Drought very high prices recently In London,
588 pictures selling lor $33,400. They had re
mained In the possession of the collector's
family till sold, and many were first states.
"Lady Catherine Pelham Clinton" bronght
$1500; "Mrs. Pelham Feeding Chickens,"
if ni-JO; "Lady Elizabeth Compton," one copy
$1375, another $«jys; "Jane, Countess of Har
rington," $1250; "Lady Catherine Howard,"
$700; "Miss Sarah Campbell," $800; the
"Ladies' Wftldegrave," second state, $550.
An engraving of Gainsborough's "Georeiana,
Duchess of Marlborough," brought $1200.
MUSIC AND MUSICIANS.
It is expected that there will be sucti a
gathering of the clans of music-teachers as
never before at the Music- Teachers' National
Convention noxt month in New York. The
affair will take place from June 24 to 28,
at the Grand Central Palace, ond the man
agers are already a-sured of an attendance of
over 14,000 teachers from all parts of the
country. The Metropolitan Permanent Or
chestra will be present at the orening meet
ing, at which proceedings will be inaugurated
by speakers representing the Slate ani city
governments and the association. The musi
cal features of tne opening meeting will be
under the direction of Arthur Claassen, who
will also conduct on another evening the
singing of part songs by tie Ariou Society of
Brooklyn, the society which won the highest
prizes at a recent meeting of theSaengerbund.
"The Messiah" will be given by a chorus of
nearly 1500 voices, the nucleus of which will
be the People's Singing Societies, organized
by Frank Damrosch, who will conduct.
The department of women's work in music
promises startling and interesting revelations,
Mrs. Theodore Sutro, who is at the head of
work of this sort, being well known for her
MRS. THEODORE SUTRO, a Musician of Many Gifts,
enthusiasm in the exploiting of women's
work, especially ia music. Mrs. Sutro is a
wonderful woman. She can paint in a way to
make artists admiro her gift; she is a musi
cian of a broad type, who has made more than
one poor struggling man or womau recog
nized and successful ; she has studied law, and
actually graduated at the top ot a law class,
and she can address cr lead a meeting as few
men can.
Thegrep.t idea of the Mußic-teachers' Con
vention is to give the musicians of the coun
try an idea of the progress that has been made
during the last few years. Prizes «re offered
by the- association for American compositions,
full particulars of which can be obtained by
addressing K. 11. Woodman, chairman of the
executive committee, 10 West Fourteenth
street. New York. Professor (low's special
committee on music in the college and uni
versity will give a detailed report, und the
committee on public-school training and
slgnt-reading, of which Frank Damrosca is
chairman, will consider the subject in three
sessions. The American Guild of Organists
will co-operate in the convention.
The music critics of Berlin are very much
wrought up over an article by Dr. Kurr which
appeared in tin; Frankfort Zeitung. The doc
tor plainly staled thnt the honesty of some of
the Berlin critics was doubtful; in fact, that
very few of them were not open 10 bribes, and
that among artists their veniality wa< a mat
ter of common comment- No sooner was their
attention called to this article than the indig
nant music critics called a meeting at their
verein, to which they invited those writers on
music who did not belong to their society. A
formal protest was drown up against Dr. Kerr,
and he was branded a liar ana a slanderer. All
ihe leading papers in Berlin printed the pro
test, which was signed by twenty-nine music
critics. A very few writers on music refrained
from signing the protest, chief among them
belnc Wilhelm Tappert of the Klelne Journal
and Wilhelm Lackowitz of the Lokalanzeiger.
Dr. Kerr now says that they are the two meu
whom ho meant to brand with dishonesty.
Their confreres are now trying to egg Tappert
and Lackowitz on to sue Dr. Kerr for libel, and
it Is believed that the lawsuit will have some
very interesting developments.
Max Hirschfeld, formerly musical director
of the Tivo'.i, has produced an opera, "Au
Clair de la Lune," at the Castle Square Thea
ter, Boston, with a very fair measure of suc
cess. Hirschfeld, who Is the musical director
of the theater, has written both book and
music, and the book is said to be much better
than the music. He has laid his scene in Mar
seilles, in 1812, and has imagined a plot that
admits of strong dramatic music. His fault
seems to be that he has tried to ba realistic,
out at the same time has not had courage
to follow In the footsteps of the radical young
Italians, who bow the knee to realism. Philip
Hale says "he fails to be dramatic when drama
cries to him." Into the score of his opera
Hirschfeld has woven tho old French »ong,
"Au Clair de la Lunc." Martin Pache played
the leading tenor role, and he does not seem
to have added to the success of the perform
ance. Hirschfeld has written two other
operas, a romnntlc comic opera, "The Star of
India," and "Dorcas," played here by Pauline
Hall on her last visit.
Lillian Nordica seems to dog the footsteps oi
the Grau Opera Company and continue to fan
the flame of her dispute with Grau and the
De Re«zke«. The Convent Garden season in
London under Grau's management is just
about commencing: Nordica is there also and
the papers are pathetically, asking "Cannot
this dispute be patched up? Nordica is will
ing if Jean de Reszke ca:i be compelled to
make me amende honorab'.e for havin? induced
Melba to study the part of Brunhilde, bo cov
eted by Nordica." Poor Melba has come off
worst in the dispute, for she has withdrawn
entirely from the Grau fold. She is to make a
coucort tour through the British Isles in the
autumn and next winter will sing in New
York with Walter Damroseh's company.
A number of letters of the late Emperor Wil
liam 1 have just been published in Berlin.
One of them, dated February 2, IS6I, is con
sidered verr interesting by Wagnerians.
Translated, It runs: "My daughter, the Grand
Duchess of Baden, has asked me if it Is not
possible to produce at Benin one ot the last
works written by Wagner, which, I think,
form a cycle. All I know about his works is
that they were rehearsed at Weimar by Liszt,
but that the music was so crazy that the idea
of producing them was abindoned. I beg
you to give me some information on the sub
ject."
Wagner's more advanced works seem quite
unable to meet with populnr favor in Italy.
The people complain that they prefer the ad
ventures of human beings to the semi-mytho
logical-adventures o( de:ni-gods and people of
myth and fable. Nevertheless the impresarios
continue to produce the advanced Wagner
works, probably on the principle that if
Italy does not like them it mmt be made to
hear them until it does. "Tristan and
Isolde" has just been coldly received at Turin,
but nevertheless the work is to be given at
Rome, Milan, Florence and Naples.
In a book entitled "A Journey in China"
(just published by Dunckler & Co., Lelpsic)
the Russian traveler, Obrutscheff, speaks ad
miringly of the aerial concerts made by
pigeons in the Celestial Kingdom. It seems
that a sort of teollan harp is attached to each
pigeon, either to make music or to frighten
away birds of prey. "The sound produced
by these winged musicians," says the traveler,
"is sweet, soft and melancholy, and when a
band of them pass together it sounds like a
concert of seolian harps. The Chinese seem
very fond of these aerial concerts ; for at Peking
I saw on all sides bands of winged musicians,
each pigeon having its curious little instru
ment attached to it."
In ratifying the lease made with Maurice
Gran, the directors of the Metropolitan have
decided that there will be no grand opera in
Italian next season, which means that there
will be no grand opera of any sort under
Grau's direction. The artists, like tne De
Reszkes, will remain abroad next reason,
visiting New York the season after next. Grau
will act as manager of the Metropolitan, and
will book certain entertainments, and pos
sibly ii short season of German opera. It is
doubtful whether Mapleson will again try to
become an active factor in New York operatic
affairs. A great many people who profess to
be well informed believe that Grau will be
persuaded to give an opera season after ail.
Sonzogno, the great Italian impresario and
publisher, has taken the Fenlce Tneater in
Venice, where, among other novelties, he will
produce Leoncavallo's new work, "La Bolieme."
W:,en all the arnnigemants wore completed,
another impresario took the Rossini Theater
and announced his intention of giving Leon
cavallo's new opera, "La Boheme," which has
been running with such immense success at
La Scala. Experts say they see in this move
the fine Italian hand of Ricordi, a rival pub
lisher of Sonzogno's.
The following programme will be performea
ai the Biggerstaff testimonial concert in Gold
en Gate Hall to-night: Sonata op. 31, No. 3, E
flai major (Beethoven), F. M. Biggerstuff ; Kus
sian fantaisie (Popper), Arthur F. Weiss; "'My
Dreams" (Tosti), Dr. Gilbert F. Graham; nov
elette (Schumann) and ballade (Chopin), F. M.
Biggersuff; barcarolle, G (Rubinstein), "Mem
ories of an Artist" (Seeling) and "Luetzow's
Wild Jagd," (Weber-Kullak), F. M. Bigger
staff; "O, Don Fatale" (Verdi), Mrs. Sedgley
Keyno'ds; "Berceuse" (Weiis) and "Spinning;
Song," (Popper), Arthur F. Wens; waltz ca
price (Strauss-Tausig) t. M. Biggerstaff.
The Musical Courier speaks in the highest
terms of the California contralto, Mrs. Francis
Graham, who is studying in Paris. Her voice
has a clear range of three octaves, and she can
trill without effort on the high C in spite of
its pure contralto quality. She has been with
the Carl Rosa Company, and made a hit as
Hansel in "Hansel and Gretel."
The tenor, Van Dyck, has received from the
Emperor of Austria the cross of knight of the
Order of Francis Joseph, which Bhows that In
Austria a man of merit may aspire to high
distinctions, whatever may be the circle of his
activity. I n some countries it is a sort of un
written law that actors, singers and journalists
snail never receive any but small and trivial
decorations.
Mme. Adellna Patti has ended a successful
season of opera at Monte Carlo and has re
turned to her castle of Craig-y-Nos in South
Wales. She is reported to be very much out
of health, and so serious is her indisposltton
that ihe has canceled all her Immediate en
garments.
What Is known as the "normal pitch"
(diapason normal) la making such headway in
European countries that foreign musical Jour
nals express the hope that it will soon be
known as the '•international pitch." Most
singers would be glad to see the normal pitch
accepted In America. The difficulty is that
many bauds would have to go to great expense
in buying a uumber of wind instruments.
The City Fathers of Aix-la Chapelle have
prohibited the performance of Offenbach's
"Orphic aux Enters" for moral reasons.
De Vries of the Metropolitan Opera Com
pany has a queer way of expressing his liking
for this glorious country. Ha sars; "My de
fect is thai I am fond of America."
MRS. McKINILY KISSED HIB?.
The Easter ho'.idnys brought many school
excursion parties to Washington, say* the cor
respondent o( t tie Sun. Hall a dozen gray
uniformed youngsters from a military institu
tion at Montclair. N. J . came in charge of a
teacher, ana were in the Whits House at an
early hour when Mrs. >UK.uiey was receiving
her friends. When the boys heard this they
asked and obtained permission to pay their
respects. They shook hands gravely and
proudly with the tweet-faced lady, all except
ing one— a handsome little fellow by the name
of McCutcheon, the smallest of the party,
whose natty gray clothes fitted him to perfec
tion. Mrs. McKinley drew him to her when
he held out his hand.
"I think I shall huve to kiss you," she said,
■'you're such a nice-looking boy," and kiss
him ehe did.
While tne cadets were writing their uame3
in the register of visitors kept by Mr. Morgan,
the Treasurer of the United States, at his of
fice in the treasury building, the teacher told
the story about Mrs. McKinley and the lad,
and opposite the signature, "N. McCutcheon,
Greenwich. Conn.," the Treasurer has in
scribed, "Mrs. McKinley kissed this boy to
day."
FRATERNAL DEPARTMENT.
Sau Francisco I-odgre No. 3, B. P. O. X ,
Declared to Be the Only Lodge
in San Francisco.
Meade D. Detweiler, the grand exalted ruler
of the Benevolent and Protective Order of
Elks, published a notice in the advertising
department of The Call yesterday to the ei
fect that under the laws of the order there
can be but one lodge thereof in a city, and
that the only legally existing and recognized
one In San Francisco is San Francisco Lodga
No. 3. which on last Friday dedicated its new
lodgeroom in Central block.
The reason for this publication Is the fact
that there is another body in this City— Golden
Gate Lodge (Incorporated)— which has set up
the claim that it is a lodge of Elks. Prior to
last August there arose some trouble in the
then existing lodge of Elks in this Citr, and
the matter, coming before the Grand Lodge,
was referred to the grand exalted ruler, who
was empowered to investigate the causes of
complaint and act. As a result of his investi
gation, which Involved, among other things,
the elving of masquerade balls against the
wishes of a number of the members of the
lodge, he took away the lodge's charter, and
subsequently, upon petition he organized
and Instituted a new lodge, to be known as
San Francisco Lodge No. 3. It had at that
time twenty-six members, and the instltutiou
was on the 23d of last August. »•
At the time that the grand exalted ruler
took away the charter from the then existing
lodg« there was on hand certain funds whlcn
the official named ordered turned over to the
Grßt'd Lodge, which was done. To this those
of the former memDership, or, more properly,
a certain number of that membership, filed a
protest against the proceedings and laid claim
to the funds. With a view to have the matter
passed upon judicially they commenced an
action in the Superior Court to have the title
to the money denned. The case is still pend
ing. la the meantime these and other* who
sympathized with them organized what is
known as "Golden Gate Lodge, B. P. O. E. (In
corporated)."
Alter San Francisco Lodge was instituted a
number of San Francisco's prominent citizens
became members of that organization. In the
now body of the twenty-six who became mem
bers at the time ol institution bpt nine had
been members of the old organization. Since
then a hundred of the members of the old
lodge have been admitted to membership, and
new members were added until now the lodge
numbers 201 and the following: named are the
officers: Exalted ruier, J. R. Howell; es
teemed leading knight, Thomas A. McGowan
esteemed loyal knipht, J. H. Wood; esteemed
lecturing knight, W. W. Briggs; secretary.
Harrison Houseworth; treasurer, H. a. Hagan
tyler, L. G. Wcatherly; trustees*— D. McMillan,
J. P. Dunne, V. R. Ullman. The newly elected
officers were installed by J. O. Reis, acting as
grand exaited ruler, and C. B. Stackpole at
grand esquire.
The Ben Hur Entertainment.
Mizpah Court No. 1 of the order of Ben Hnr
will hold a social meeting and give an enter
tainment to its friends on the evening of the
13th inst. in Golden West Hall, Red Men's
building, on Post street. Tnis is a compara
tively new organization on this coast, and the
court named is the tirst established in this
City, but its committee on entertainment it
wide awako and will present a good pro
gramme. '
Knlghta and Ladies of Honor.
Mrs. Belle W. Conrad, grand protector of the
Knights and Ladies of Honor, has made the
following appointments for the eusuing term:
Standing committees, laws and supervision—
H. C. Trephagen, Mistletoe No. 1336: J. J. Cahlll,
Harmony No. 399; Mrs. Lizzie K. Kennlson, Pa
cific No. 815. Finance committee— Z. T. Whltten,
West Knd No. 1102; H. Friedlander, Martha .\o.
'..41: Mrs. K. M. Vincent, West Knd No. 1102. Staie
of the order— H. K. C'unimlms. Oakland >o, 935;
Mrs. K. J. t'olombet, Verba Jluuna ,Va 1655: Mrs
Annie Thompson. Aurora .No. lIOU. l'r«d«ntiat«
and returns— K. 11. Boargulgnoo, Mistletoe No.
1335; Jennie L. Copp»ge, Magnolia rvo. 1248; a.
J. Hall, Laurel No. 332. ■■:■■ •, ,■
Special committees: Foreign correspondence—
Adna Phelps, Kquity No. 1362: Miss E. T. Par
ker, S-onora.-So. 861: Mrs. Susie Pierson, Har
mony No. 399. Honored dead— E. R. O'Don
nell, Kmplre No. 832: J. C. Kern<teln, Bay City
No. 619; A. B. Hopiins. Marysvllle No. 774.
Printing committees— Mrs. Belle W. Conrad, So
nora No. 861; S. Cunradi. Anuel City No. 1443;
B. B. Larletou. West End No. 1102. Press Com
mittee—J. A. Coiquhouo, Oakland No. 935; Mrs.
M. K. Carleton, West Knd No. 1102; T. A. l*u
der, Equity No. 12163.
• — — «
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb., at Townsend's. •
• — ♦ <
FnccTAi. information daily to manufacturers,
; business houses and public men by the Prau
i Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. '
• — — •
Christian . Endeavorers are coming, there
j fore have your paper-hanging and painting
done now. M. Merigan, 1302 Webster etreet,
is highly recommended for good and cheap
work. Latest styles of paper 4c, ingrains 9c. •
• — — •
Mark Hopkins Institute of Art.
The spring exhibition is now open daily
irom 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. and gra:;d concert every
Thursday evenlne. •
• — * —
Penelope— Why should the groom obtain the
marriage license?
Leola— Because he's never allowed any after
the ceremony.— New York Journal.
The Swiftest Train in the West—
Z\s Days to Chicago or St. Louis
4\i Days to New York.
The Santa Fe Limited has dining-car, bnffet
smoklnp-car and Pullman palace drawing- room
sleeping-cars. Leaving San Francisco at •p. v.
Mondays and Thursdays, connection Is made at
Btrstow with this handsome train. Thronsrh cars
to Chicago, both Pullman palace drawing-room
and modern upholstered tourist sleepers, run
dally. Tickets also sold via Portland, Ogdeo, Los
Angeles. Demlng or El .Paso to all points In tb«
United States, Canada, Mexico or Europe. See
time table In advertising column. San Francisco
ticket oflice 644 Market street. Chronicle build
ing. Telephone Main 1531. Oakland, 1118
Broadway.
Railroad llcketi to the Esit via Rio
Grande Western and Denver aud
Rio Grande Kuilwayn,
At lowest possible rates, with through Pnlim*i
buffet, and tourist sleeping car service every d»7.
Personally conducted excursions leaving Tuesday.
Wednesday and Thursday. Only line permitting
stop-over at Bait lake City on ail classes of tlclcsti
Detailed Information and tickets furnished »i 14
Montgomery street, or 314 California striM:.
Dispel your headache, weakness, pain and sloep-
Iprsiu'ss with Parker's Ginokr Tonic.
I'akkkrs Hair I'.ai.sah is life to tbe hair.
Spring Chickens are not always tender: bin
Ay»r's Pllis enable the stomach to digest the
toughest meat.
Friend— Are you rehearsing for your new
play?
Society Actress— Oh, yes; I go to mj dress
maker's every *f ternoon. — The Jester.
NEW TO-DAY.
The Royal— White and I*art>
as the Driren Snow.
*AkiNo
POWDER
Absolutely Puro
BOVAI B*KINQ POWDER CO.. NEW YORK.Wilt mmAIM . €Tntt
THURSDAY MAY 6, 1«)7
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin- Thtcatkr — "Xl Capltan."
Columbia Thkatkr - A Run on the Bant."
MoßQsco's Opera House —• An American
Utro.
"Alcazar Theater — -Hast Lynne."
Tjvoli Opera House - Miamus O'Brlea." "
ORPHKi-M.-Hlgh-Class Vaudeville.
Oekron.- Grand Concert.
■ Cttro Baths.— Bathins; and Performances.
The Chutes and skating Rink— Daily at
Baight street, one block east of the Park.
Oakland Race Track.— Kaces to-day.
picnics EXCURSIONS.
".. El Campo— Mnslc, Dancing, Boatiug, Fishing,
tvery Sunday.
AUCTION SALES.
By F Tracy.— This day. May 6, Bakery, at 217
Eighth street, at 1 o'clock.
By G. H. I'mbsix & Co.— Monday, May 10,
Teal Hastate, at 14 Montgomery St., at 12 o'clock.
Ty Faston «£ > i.iuupoe.— Tuesday. May 11
Ufal Estate, at salesrooms, 63h Market street,
si 12 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Police Officer Madden has been suspended
by chief of Police Lees.
The Journeymen Barbers will start the early
Closiog movement on September 1.
The Legion of Honor concluded Its labors
and aujourned for two years y ester lay.
Cloudy weather Thursday, with conditions
favorable for light showers In the morning.
The Harry Unna Company has sued G. M.
Antrim for $476 02 for money advanced to the
defendant.
A new State society for tho prevention of
cruelty to animals will be formed to-morrow
in this City.
Taranto, Barney Echreiber, Ransom, Tea
Ttose, Ostler Joe and Babe Murphy won races
at Emeryville yesterday.
Mrs. G. W. Gn«an had en attack of hysteria
while testifying in the McLcoi trial in Judge
Carroll Cook's court yesterday.
Another enthusiastic meeting of the Queon
Victoria diamond jubilee celebration commit
tee was held la Scottish lle.ll last night.
R. G. Wenzel, the clock-winder ot the City
Hal!, lias gone on a striku. and most of the
municipal building timepieces are idle.
L. B. Goldberg denies that bis wife either
whs or had cause to be jealous of him, and
that she took carbolic acid with suicidal
intent.
.- Drill Master Robert A. Marshall of the
Police Department was buried yesterday by
his fel'ow oflicers and his comrades from the
National Guard.
Senator Perki::s arid Maik 1.. McDonald will
represent the California State Board of Trade
st the Philadelphia Museums Congress, which
opens ill June 1.
Mrs. Gerald M. Fenaell testified in the Jos
• ourt v,'-;,.i'iay that she paid Theodore
C. Marceau $30,000 to permit her to secure a
divorce from him.
Tne greater park for the Mission received a
setback from the associated clubs last even
ing. It was recommended that a lesser tract
o: land be purchased.
Fire Marshal Towe says he cr.nnot as yet
gather enough cv Idence to warrant his arrest
ing any one tor blowing up Heidtmf.u's saloon
early Tuesday morning.
Toby Eosentha'.'s masterpiece in painting,
■The Cardinal's Portrait," will be on exhibi
t o:r at the gingerbread iete for the benefit of
the Children's Hospital.
Several committees have been appointed
and an HCtive interest Is beintr taken both in
the Mission park question and U-e establish
ment of a zoological garden.
Rev. Father O'Ryan delivered a lecture to
tlie Socialist Labor party la^t night in the
-treec Temple on the topic, "The Catholic
church and the Social Problem."
The Olympic Club directors will meet at the
club on Friday for the pnrpo^e of being driven
by Howard Taylor to Blanken'sSix-miie House,
where Baker and Leonard are training.
C. P. Huntington entertained about 110 of
the officials and employes of the Southern Pa
cific Company and the ' Market-street Railway
Company at dinner at his home last night.
Attorney Baggett snd M. A. Fox have filed
Information wiiix District Attorney Barnes ac
cu.Ning certain men in the Hale & Norcross
Silver Mining Company with an alleged for
gery.
Marcus Markowitz. a contractor, while tar
ring the roof of a house on Geary and Stockton
streets yesterday afternoon, became tempo
rarily insane and jumped Into a kettle of boil
ing tar.
I'nitcd States Marshal Baldwin will next
Tuesday morning, in front of the Merchants'
Exchange, sell by auction the bark Sonoma,
on which their is a lien of SfIOTC, due for sea
nen's wages.
The old-time steamer of many names, the
S."Hridinnvia, Si rius, Santa Clara, Kahului. is
HKBin in commission and has been renamed
tlie Cleveland. She will be placed on the
Puget Sound route.
Judge Hunt yesterday decided in the cage of
ncr against the Travelers' Insurance
Company that a person injured while riding
• Mve engine cannot recover an ac
cident insurance policy.
Michael Fc.ley, 238 Fourteenth street, was
driving a milk wagon near his residence when
ii collided with a cnbie-car and he was thrown
He sustained three wounds
to the ground.
on the scalp and a contusion of the leg.
There is a lively row among the local brew
■ i.sedby a member of the employers' as
tion usiug the labor union's red label on
bis beer barrels. I'nces on beer have gone to
smash end two lawsuits ure threatened.
The "97 chorus rehearsal to be held at Cal
vary Presbyterian church to-morrow evening
has been postponed so as to allow the En
d-ay irers to attend the great mass conven
. i.< n at the First Congregational Church.
Commencing this evening there will be a
musical :estival lasting; for three evenings in
the basement of new St. Brigid's Church, on
Van Ness avenue, for the purpose ol raising
funds to compete the interior decorations.
The crpo of Eddie Kline was continued un
til Saturday by Judge Camrjboll vosterday,
with the understanding that the hypnotists
who are alleged to have him under coutrol
will use their influence to make him go home.
John E. O'Meara, assistant cashier of the
Neiv York Life Insurance Company, fired a
revolver bullet into his left breast yesterday
morning. He had become temporarily insane
through overwork. .Manager McLane says
that his accounts are correct.
Dr. R. G. Hobbs, secretary of the Illinois
conference of the M. E. Church and reprt
pontative of Dr. Louis Kiopich of the Christian
Herald, has arrived here to attend to the load
• ing of the whale back City of Everett with corn
and go with it to the starving people in India.
. In consequence of the decision of the Rail
road Commission that the trnflic contract be
tween the Valley road and the California
Navigation and Improvement Company is
valid a similar agreement hns been entered
into by the Southern Pacific Company and the
Union Transportation. Company.
Amended articles of incorporation of the
MontKomerv Block Real Estate Association
have been filed. The incorporators are Joseph
I'es'la, Leopold V. M<"rle, Foul Barbieri,
■ Gesualdo Deluca, Na'taie Ferrogyiaro, Gianvlto
Tacconl, John Leyaggi, Glacomo Costa, Egisto
C. Palmleri, and the capital stock is $200,000.
Yesterday's session of the Fair-Craven trial
-was spent In legal sparring between the op
posing attorneys. The plaintiffs' were seeking
to get into evidence some copies of notarial
blanks, by which they want to show that
Cooney's acknowledgments of Mrs. Craven's
deeds are not genuine, but they failed. The
effort will be resumed to-day.
KKW TO-DAY.
mm / g or diseased hearts, that
¥L%> £\ £3k 1/ flutter and palpitate,
T V \JQ||\ may readily and easily
bo cured and become
Hearts made strong
and well again with proper treatment and
■ care. If you suffer from pain in the regioa of
" • the heart, if your heart flutters or palpitate*, or
you are short of breath after an unusual exer-
tion, or 'from going upstairs, or If you feel a
■ smothering, choking sensation, or have
-- . mmm* n weak, hungry spells,
-" I If* re/llif^C you have heart trouble
■-. Lfl • IYIIIC7CJ and should get
Book on the ■ ■ jg_ £>
fspusi Heart Cure
.■ . Address
DR. MILES MEDICAL CO., Elkhart, lnd.
GROVE L. JOHNSON
TTAB RKMOVED HIS LAW OFFICES FROM
, JJL Sacramento to Han Francisco and formed a
partnership with Walter H. Lin forth and George
£. Wbitaker, with offices at 310 Fine St.
TO SEND
HIM HOME
HYPNOTIZED
Judge Campb3H's Advice
in the Kline
Case.
THE BOY'S MOTHER BEGS
IN VAIN.
How He Was Saved From a
Dose of Carbolic
Acid.
THE '•DOCTOR" RECONSIDERS
THE MATTER.
Dees Nat Think Hj Should Influence
the Boy to Gj Home Against
His Will.
Judge Campbell yesterday disposed
temporarily of the peculiar case of Eddie
Kiine, hypnotic "subject," with one of
those Soiomone3que flashes of judicial
wisdom that have given him more or less
fainp.
E.ldie Kline ran away from a very good
home some days ago, and his mother on
the day of his disappearance received a
letter from him bidding her good-by, ana
saying that he had shipped as a cabin-boy
on an ocean-going vessel, was to receive
$35 a month, which he would send to her,
and charging her not to worry about him.
Ttie letter was dated on board the vessel.
This letter Mrs. Kline subsequently
found was misleading, and she traced her
boy to the Hypnotic Institute at 44 Sixth
strpet, only a stone's throw from her home
at 511 Minna streer. Mrs. Kline, after she
learned of the whereabouts of ncr boy,
was still unable to secure an interview
with him until an officer of the Society for
the Prevention of Cruelty to Children, H.
McMarray, wa3 called in. To him the
boy was delivered up. He refused to go
home, and was accordingly taken to the
lockup on a charge of vagrancy preferred
by the mother.
The hearing took place before Judge
Campbell yesterday morning. The
mother, a little German woman, with
flushed face, laboring under excitement
and wearing the siens of distress, told her
story— that her boy, formerly very duti
ful, was entirely changed, had deserted
his home, had iried to conceal Irom her a
knowledge of his whereabouts, and finally
refused to come home; that his appear
ance was as changed as his conduct, and
that she hardly Knew him when she t rst
saw him after his disappearance. She said
that sue had visited the instituts, and had
been toid by both Baker and Thornton
that the coy was not there, but that they
promised to send him home when he came
there. They did not do so. She learned,
she said, that he attempted to commit sui
cide. She was convinced that he was un
der evil influences, and that great harm
was being done to him.
Then l 'Dr." M. M. Thornton, business
manager and one of the operators of the
institute, was called, and in the course of
his testimony told some remarkable
things. He confessed that he assumed
the title of "doctor" being a doctor of
science. Thornton, by the way, is the in
dividual who has figured in the news
papers recently through his wife's sensa
tional attempt at suicide on the day of
her weduing, because of the report carried
to her that the groom was already mar
ried and the father of children; and hiu.
Thornton's, following the attempt of his
wife by being overtaken by fits, necessi
tating the removal of both to the Receiv
ing Hospital.
"1 left him in the office that evening,"
said Thornton, "while I went to attend a
patient. I cure the liquor, cocaine and
morphine habits through hypnotic aug
gestion and I work best, in such cases
when the patient is asleep. A leay want
pa rue to treat her husband and I received
word from her by telephone that he was
asleep.
"I "went, and returned to the office at
about miunieht. The boy was lying on a
lounge semi-conscious. 1 saw something
was wrong. He told me he had taken a
dose of carbolic acid. I examined his
mouth and found it burued. I immedi
ately placed him under hypnotic influ
ence, and by suggestion counteracted the
effects of the poison. He was all right
next morning, although I was careful
about what he ate, as his stomach was
sore."
"Do you mean to say that without ad
ministering antidotes and by mere sug
gestion you overcame the effects of car-
Dnlic acid," said the court.
"Yes, sir, and could do the same with
any poison. I would not fear the result
of "giving a dose of strychnine to a subject
and telling him it was water, allowing
him to drink it. On the other band, I
would not take the risk for thousands of
dollars of giving a suoject a drink of
water, sugjeiting it was strychnine."
Judge Campbell declared flatly, not
withstanding, that he believed the nerves
and the mind of the subject must neces
sarily be weakened until, if pursued, he
became a driveling idiot.
During all the testimony the boy in
question, a good-looking, neatly dressed
young man, stood by with downcast and
sullen expression. Questioned, he said
his parents had "treated him well enough
in a way," but he did not wish to return
home. Judge Campbell advised him that
that was the best place for him and that
his mother was his best adviser. Turning
to Thornton he said:
"When you wish you have this boy
under complete control, can make htm do
anything you wish?"
"Yes."
"Then cause him to go home to his
mother; cause him to want to remain."
The ''doctor" was taken by surprise and
did not reply.
"Will you do it?" said the court.
"Yes, I will."
"Then do so, and this case is continued
until Saturday to see if you keep your
word."
••Very well, we will see now what thero
is to hypnotism," said Thornton, turning
away. " "Shall I take the uoy with me ?"
'Yes."
The scene in court quickly dissolved.
Seen at his office a little later Baser and
Thornton had been discussing the situa
tion. A*ked if they were going to send
the boy home Thornton said: "I will see
that he gets home by Saturday— the day
we are to report in court."
Baker, his partner, said : "The boy does
not want to go horns, and we have no
right to influence him to do what he does
not want todo."
MORTON* SrKCI M. DELIVERY.
Baggage transferred to trains, steamers, etc.
Also moved in the city.
Furniture moved; estimates furnished.
Freight transferred and shipped.
408 Taylor street and 050 Market street.
Telephone Main 46. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY. MAY 6, 1897.
FATHER O'RYAN
ON SOCIALISM
Address by the Reverend
Gentleman in the
Temple.
Trades Guilds in the Middle
Ages Organized by the
Catholic Church.
Popes end Cardina s Raised Their
Voices on Behalf of Down
trodden Humanity
Roy. Father Philip O'Ryan, spiritual
adviser of the League of the Cross, deliv
ered a lecture last night before the Social
ist Labor party, at the Temple, 117 Turk
street. His subject was "The Catholic
Church and the Social Problem." The
hall was crowded, and the lecture gave
rise to much discussion.
The speaker began by saying that the
world had to confront and solve the great
social problem during the comine cen
tury. At the present time, he said, capi
tal had gathered to itself all the wealth
and all the productive machinery of the
world. Ali these things were in the hands
of the few, while the masses of the people
were poor and their faces were trodden
upon by the feet of the rich.
The Catholic church had been in exist
ence for nineteen centuries, daring the
whole of which time she had been the
church of the people, and such she would
and must continue to be. The seat of the
highest dignity of the church is called
"The Throne of the Fisherman."
The speaker areued that the labor prob
lem was solved in the Middle Ages, when
the church was supreme all over the civ
! iliztd world by tue workmen's guilds or-
I ganized under the auspices of the church,
j and every trade and profession throughout
Europe when Europe was Catholic had
its guild. These guilds bound all classes
together in the practice of religion and
morality, for that was possible when all
Europe was Catholic. They defended the
innocent and helped to punish the guilty.
They visited and comforted the sick and
•buried the dead. They covered the face
of Europe with a netword of sympathy,
benevolence and charity.
The speaker said that in 1885, where a
concerted invasion of Africa was made by
Europeans partly for the purpose of ac-
I quiring choice territory aud partly for the
j purpose of gathering slaves lor sale, Pope
j Leo sent one of his Cardinals through
j Europe demanding that they should put
i down tbe slave traffic. At the Congress
! of Nations soon after his voice was heard
and needed ana traffic in negroes aDol
ished. Pope Leo soon after that «»vent
issued his famous encyclical on the con
j dition of the working people. He was de
, nounced for that by the conservatives and
] he was called a socialist.
Pope Leo's solution of the labor qups
j tion was founded on the Gospel of Christ;
i justice and charity founded on religion,
j binding on every man, employer and em
j ploye. These are the great virtues -which
[ should rejuvenate the world; tbey are the
! great and the only virtues that can bring
] material prosperity to the world again.
'■ When the Pope said that In casp of ex
-1 trome destitution, when men were brought
! to the verge of starvation, property then
i became common, and there could be no
; robbery, be was denounced as being worse
' than a socialist, in fact an anarchist. The
' Pope held that the employer should prac
i tice justice, and that there should be a
; fair day's wages for a fair day's work —
' wages sufficient to support himself and
family in a decent and respectable man
| ner. He said :
"It is neither justice nor humanity to
I grind down men with excessive labor so
as to stupefy their minds and wear out
their bodies. Daily labor must be so reg
ulated that it may not be protracte 1 dur
ing longer hours than strength permits. "
Cardinal (iibbons' defense of the Knights
of Labor wa3 spoken of as bein : in line
with the sentiment 3 and policy of the
! church.
HARRY TERRILL. 808 TERRILL.
The announcement made in The Call yesterday that the Terrill brother, of the
Bay City Wheelmen, would leave this morning for Paris and try their speed there
against the foreign cracfcs created considerable discussion in cycling circles yester
day. Some time ago Harry Terrill stated that he thought of going, and he has
finally induced his brother, William, or "Bob," as he is more generally known, to
accompany him. V. Yenlhac of Paris, who raced at the recent indoor tournament,
will accompany them, and besides racing in Paris they expect to ride at every promi
nent meet on the Continent.
Harry Terrill stated to a Call representative yesterday that the prospect of this
trip is what prevented himself and his brother from entering the Velodrome races
last Sunday, as the foreign associations have not yet recognized the California Asso
ciated Cycling Clnbs, and he would be an outlaw, in a racing sense, there. Under
these conditions Otto Ziegler Jn cannot go to France next month, as he expected, un
less the foreign associations recognize the V. A. C. C. sanctions.
Nevertheless, Terrill predicts a big success for the new movement in this State,
and said if he and his brother had intended to stay here they would most certainly
have entered. He thinks the L. A. W. and C. A. C. C. will soon come to an agree
ment, and that Sunday racing will be sanctioned by the L. A. W. ; if not, that the
control of all racing will be taken from the L. A. W.
A large party of the Bay City Wheelmen will be down to the 7 o'clocK boat this
morning to bid the Terriil brothers bon voyage.
WRANGLING OVER
MISSION PARK
The Associated Clubs Dis
cuss the Question Pro
and Con.
A Much Smaller Tract of Land
Recommended by Various
Delegates.
The Zological Collection Finds N~
Favor From the Cub.' Rep
resentatives.
The question of a park for the Mission
district was the only theme under dis
cussion at the meeting of the Associated
Clubs last night.
The ball was set rolling by the motion
of W. L. Williamson for indorsement of
the club on the proposition of providing a
park for the Mission district as advocated
by the Mission Park Association.
Judge F. W. Van fteynegom took the
floor and spolci against the proposition on
the ground that such an undertaKiug
would not benefit the Mission residents.
He claimed tnat what the people there
needed was a smaller recreation ground
for the benefit ol the families of the Mis
sion. And besides he said, there is no
tract ot land sulliciently large to be had in
the Mission proper. He considered it was
a real-estate scheme to foist a tract of land
upon the taxpayers to benefit some at the
expense of all.
Dr. fealrield coincided with Judge Van
Reynegom and recommended the pur
chase of the cemeteries, where an excellent
botanical garden could bo maintained.
T. F. llapgerty offered a resolution that
the Supervisors be requested to purchase
thp cemetery grounds for a park.
Marcus Kosenthal amended Haggerty's
resolution by striking out the cemeteries
and leaving it optional with the Super
visors to i>urchase a site within the bound
ary of Fourteenth and Thirtieth streets.
This prevailed, and consequently gaye
the preater Mission Park a black eye.
The committee on public utility handed
in the following recommendation?, wnich
were deferred to a special meeting of the
club next Wednesday evening:
Resolved, That tne Board of Supervisors be
requested to appoint a corps of engineers to
examine into and report to the Board of Su
pervisors as to the cott, quantity and quality
of water and practicability of the various
propositions now pending before the Board ol
Supervisors for the municipal ownership of
water works by the City and County of San
Francisco.
Resolved, That if said corps of engineers re
ports favorably upon any of said propositions
that the Supervisors immediately proceed to
acquire such property and take such step? as
will lead to municipal ownership of water
works.
Reaolved, That the secretary of this associa
tion be instructed t> transmit a copy of these
resolutions to the Hoard ot Supervisors, and
also to nil civic organizations, requesting their
early consideration and joint co-operation;
and
Rtxolred, That we commend the efforts of
the Mayor and Board of Supervisors and the
public press of this City and County in elicit
ing the detailed information in reference to
the subject of water rates ana properties now
available for the promotion of public in
terests.
ResolroL, That the .Supervisors be requested
to discard tne Illumination of street cross
ings on prominent thoroughfares by gaslight
and to substitute electric lights on such
crossings.
The committee was instructed to urge
the Supervisor? not to throw the City into
a condition of darkness by extinguishing
the street lights, as proposed by that body,
for the purpose of making up the impend
ing financial deficit.
Art Institute Concert.
An elaborate concert will be given to-night
B,t the Mark Hopkins Institute of Art under
the direction of Henry Heyman. The talent
will consist of: Miss Eva C. Shorey, soprano;
Christian Jor«;ensen, t*nor; Miss Annette
Johnson, banrturria; Miss Mabel Johnson,
mandolin; Professor J. Lombardero, ban
aurria; Emilio Cnk'l'r, organist and plan'st.
Advances made on lnnmure ana pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 MJgsioa.
PECULIAR
RUSE OF
MR. GILLIS
Raised a Pretended Issue
Over a Traffic Con
tract.
HIS MOTIVE NOW MADE
CLEAR.
Has Entered Into a Similar Com
pact With the Southern
Pacific.
SOME NEW PASSENGER SATES
ANNOUNCED,
They Were Put la on the Very Day
the Railroad Commission Ren
dered Its Decision
Havine made a pretense of contesting
the validity of the contract between the
Valley roaa and the California Navigation
and Improvement Company, and having
secured the decision of the Railroad Com
mission ttiat such a traffic agreement is
legal, James Gillis of the Union Trans
portation Company has new entered into
a similar compact with the Southern
Pacific Company.
From developments which came to light
yesterday it would appear that scarcely
had Chairman La Rue on Tuesday con
cluded the announcement of the commis
sion's opinion relative to the contract
under fire when a similar agreement was
signed at the ottice of the Southern Pacific
Company between that company and the
Union Transportation Company, at least
so far as relates to passengers.
A3 a result agents ot the Southern Pa
cffic Company throughout the San Joa
quin Valley as far south as Fresno were
notified on the same day of the arrange
ment, and wera given a new schedule of
passenger rates to apply on the main line
between Ban Francisco and Fresno, and
on the Oakdale line between San Fran
cisco an d Merced.
These rates are for first-class fares, lim
ited to six months, via the Southern Pa
cific Company and the Union Transporta
tion Company. They went into effect on
Tuesday Jast. The new scnedule is as fol
lows, being from San Francisco to the
points named:
They are made to conform a* nearly^ as
possible to the rates charged over the Val
ley road to competitive points, and are a
considerable reduction from the former
first-class rates charged to the same points
by the Southern Pacific Company.
It is considered probable that the Rail
road Commission will hear nothing fur
ther on this subject from the original
complainant against the Valley road, al
though when the decision on the contract
was rendered the Union Transportation
Company made a pretense ot desiring to
carry the controversy into the courts.
ST. BRIGID'S FESTIVAL.
Three Nights of Miuic in the Basement
of the New Church.
At St. Brigid s Church on Van Ness
avenue and Broadway, this evenine, will
be given the May musical festival arranged
by the ladies of the parish for the purpose
of raising lands for finishing the interior
of the basement.
Tne festival will last to-morrow and
Saturday evenings, and will partake of '
the nature of a promenade concert. About
$2000 is required to decorate the interior,
and it is believed that the sum realized by
the concert will go a long way to meeting
ibis end. . ...
As soon aa the interior work is done
Father Cottle will hold services there.
Sunday, Jnne 6, is set as the date for the
first services.
Most of the instrumental nans ic will be
by a local parish orchestra. The church
choir is arraneing for the vocal pro
gramme, and the following ■well-known
vocalists have been selected: Mme.
JCEW TO-SAT.
If the average so-called two-
ounce bottle of lemon extract
is worth 10 cents, Schilling's
Best (which contains 40 times
as much flavor — finer flavor
too) is worth $4.
But Schilling's Best lemon
is only 25 cents.
Your grocer acknowledges
this; but he says, "My custom-
ers won't pay the difference;
they'd rather have stuff one-
tenth as good at half the price;
and, to be frank with you, I can
make . more money on these
cheaper extracts than I can on
Schilling's Best"
A Schilling & Company
San Francisco 607
NEW TO-DAT. .
FEET.
IT IS QUITE A FETE TO FIT THE FEET OF ALL WHO COME, BUT WE
can certainly come nearer to it than any other I.ouse. We make a specialty of
wide easy shoe 3 for tender feet and wide feet, especially for grown folks— as wide
as EEE made specially for our sales in good shoes only at $2 25, $2 50 for ladies and
$3 for men's fine calf plain toes.
Child's Oxfords, 3to 7^ • ■ -. • 25c | Butter, fresh, per square • • • 25c
Child's Oxfords, Bto 11 - . , • • 35c Butter, fresh, per roll .... 25c
Misses' Oxfords, 111 to 2 ■ T • 50c to. fresh laid .--••:.• 12c
he=e are fine Black Oxford,, a few San- K,'™VS«7 "o^'pSS*
dal, amon them. Th,y are the bPtt-look- Xoibini do«S2 m '»™ good lv this U ire*
!£. %?»:**s/££?£& h^ X '%?*:% tlo ": than tbe b «»" «* ™> we ••"•
\*Z?Z>Vnr n r~ MUI Si^ tTa P erS ' 5C
ir» p- t " — tQ -a " ]^ * a P ers d( >
LaUieS I* me 1 UrnS • - • • $O.O\! . ThesparethetnperstobamaHmght with
We used to get $7 for «uch a shoe; are glad oil - Price neari • ev-r.- where Is lOca box. .
to accept half this price now. The same We close 10c dozati ctit-aper. '
shoe Is sold yet lv many places at *5 50. .
\M'm> Fine Bals — t» r >o Granulated Sugar, 100 lbs. - • $4.88
LdUICS fllie DalS- • • • • ■ .>i..JU Buy this for canning while thfl price Is
This line will be opened to-day. They are mht. We handle only straight grades : no
as pretty as a picture and as good as men off lots al nny price. 5000 barrels and 100-
-anct material can make tnem. See them lv. on sale this a. m. Also small pack-
before you buy. i ages. - » ■•■ 1 m
Ladies' Dress Shoes • - • - $1-25 Prunes, per lb. • • - . . ... 3c
i l* > n cil j.i m These are as nice and bright as yon ever
Ladies Dress Shoes .•- • . $1-59 tried. we ought to ReteoT but they go too
• 1.-.. slow, so we say half price.
Ladies Dress Shoes . . - . $1.7 d —
FadiW Fir Ass Shnp« . t» (\(\ Ruby Coblets, halfdozen ... 20c
LaaieS uiess »nOeS - ... MM J hese are not tne smallest ones, but a good
Complete lines of all these, mostly in but* lamily sizt*: SI per dozen is a fair price for
ton and lace, all modern toes, and all at a them, See our windows for bargains in
money -saving price to wearer*. Mason Jars.
Did you get our Black Sateen with black stripe, dress or shirts 6^£c
Did you get the Wool Challie, 28-in., regular 2-bit poods, darfc 8c
Did you get l.'J^c Gingham. 40-in. wide, with stripe on side 8c
Navy Duck, the 12>^c quality, a few pieces solid blue at 6K C
A few pieces of High Life Ductc, good width, c105ing... „... 5o
To-day we close our All-Bristle Shoe Brushes, they are good 5c
To-day we close our Girls' Little Work Baskets, 10c 0ne5..... 3c
To-day we try to close our Universal Stove Black ; 2c
To-day we offer All-silk Ribbon Nos. 5, 7, 9, 12, all colors 5c
To-day we offer to close Dr. Rogers' Heart Tonic, $1 size.... .....25c
hH i i Bsß WXmm Hfl » hBIq ihm ■
\^WKmßj wWSm^ W I IM HSaX wl^Bl Ik^b \ ux^B V^^QJ^H^^'
Dd We thank our friends fnr libeml pfttronage.
wJBmMB . Our free delivery all over the city is appreciated.
_ / EMmHi' Try our Fine Tea served free every day.
KflWI / MSmS&MJ You'll find it convenient to check packages here.
■ wSafl 'JBBmßrt Across the bay towns supplied free of cost lor freight.
\^MBf>fcTa>^aßßf!fwy / XVe understand packinß and shipping goods everywhere,
T^WWfßaM)W^BHfalyr , x Our patrons find it pays ro work on n cash, basil.
N^^^HhM^Sb^^X We have a 40-page price list, free to all.
Address— The Big Store at the Ferry — 25-27 MARKET STREET.
Coursen-Roeckei, Charles Pechin, Edward i
Lotz, Miss Mojica, Mr. Barboeand Charles ]
Morel. There will also be refreshments |
in denty. Tliese entertainments promise
to be a decided succ-ss from a musical, |
social and financial stananoint.
' • • ■ ■
Young Men's Concert.
The closing concert for the season In the j
Young Men's Christian Association special j
course will take place this evening at the j
association auditorium, Mason and Kills ;
streets. A special programme has been «r- i
ranged of music, songs and readings. Dr. E. j
E. Kelly of the socinl and literary committee
will preside, and Mrs. Martin SchuHz, Miss
Elisabeth Btutlett, Miss Susie Blair, W. G. I
Wood and Samuel Ad<>l*tein will partlcipnte.
rrw to-dat: j
************************** !
| There Is No Place |
| Like Home i
I t
t And no BEER like {
I Blatz |!
t _^_ *l
* The Star D/%/\4« J
t Milwaukee |)^g j* {
t ■¥■
t ; ; ..;' v v- i
i to order home and to drink a<| j
* home, because there is Health, * !
X Cheer and Comfort in its *
i. sparkling drops. Call for + j
5 BLATZ. See that "Blatz" *|
* is on the cork. ♦ j
* * '
t VAL BLATZ BREWING CO. |
t Milwaukee, Wis., U. S. A. *
I LOUIS CAHEN & SON, ♦
j Wholesale Dealer*. .
li 416-418 Sacramento St. ¥
************************** !
Dr.DOuerty'SinstS
Class of Cases Treated.
rpHK MEDICAL. AND SUHGICAL DIHEASEB
1 of kUUT. I'ItIVATE and CHKOMC Dli<-
EABES, ihe KBRORS of YOUTH, LOST MAN-
HOOD, BLOOD DISEASKS, from any canse,
KIDNKY and SKIN DISEASES, and MENTAL
and PHYSICAL WEAKNESS privately, speedily
and permanently cured. Thirty years' practical
experience, onsultntion frei». Charges reason-
able. Patients in the country cured at home. Call
oraddre.s DX. W. K. DO HEBTY,
850 Market Street, San FrancUcc.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
A. J. HENRY, NOTARY PUBLIC,
/JOQ MAHKKT r-T., OPP. I'ALACK HOTEL,
DOO Telephone C7O. r.esidenje 909 Valencia
street. Telephone ' Church" 16. ' '
NEW TO-DAY-AMUSEMENTS.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WAJUTKK MOROSCO. ..SoIe Lessee and .\lam;t:
Initial Production on Thii Coast of Ford's Spac-
tacalar Corned y- Dram a,
AN AMERICAN HERO!
A Play Full of Kxcitement and Interesting
Situations, tented With Elaborate
Scenic Pictures.
Thrilling Wreck Scene !
Kealistic Storm at Sea!
New Songs!- — Dances ! New Songs!
Evening Prices— lOc, 250 and 500.
Blntiuees Hatnriiity ana sun«l:-»sr.
TO-NIGHT !— — TO-NIGHT!
■ ;.-"; l>lreu from Paris,
iT.jT^, inijHSXJI^-ECrrTE!
And her "FOURFUUItsdeLIs," and MLLK.
ANI, Kurope's Greatest Aerial ArtliW. Great
surcess of IACIA>U, SauEU »nd FA NNY
MIDGLEY. XI) LATi-.LLK. the ANDK RsONS
ana isig. ALBERTI and Mme. UKLANDL ;
A Big Olio of. Novelties!
Reserved Seats, Ba cony, 10c; Opera Chairs
and Box teats. stic. .
OBERON. OBERON.
■;-~N r'Farrell Street, near Stockton.
FERDINAND SIA«K COKCBBT
Kvery Evening.
Tremendous Hit of Watus, the C arlonet Vlrtaoso
ADMISSIO-N fItKK.
, iarw TO-DAT— A_T7SEMEirT_
tnirOLAWILMOOTTLODVo" u«t3A.iDrvuiAoM»--
--FAREWELL PERFORMANCES!-
The Funniest Show In Town,
WARD AND YOKES
"A RUN ON THE BANK."
Last Performance annday Night.
cm- _3__lTl^V !
NEXT MONDAY NIGHT!
rice's aoßaeous
RICfS EXTR AVAOANZ A
EXCELSIOR JR.
Intact and direct from Its 200 nights' run in
New Vorlc.
70 PEOPLE IN THE ENSEMBLE 70
Seats and Boxes Now on Sale.
BALDWIN THEATER.
A*JMY__ Jtca (Incorporated) xTopr.a.j.-i
ONLY 9 NIQHTS MORE.
2 MATINEES % ?'■■'*■
BRILLIANT MUSICAL SENSATION,
"EL CAPITAN"
Interpreted by
HDE WOLP T^
o ip fe n
And His Incomparable Company.
Next Week— Second and last of DkWOLF
HOPPEB and "El Capiun." seats now selling
for all remaining performances-
May 17-NAT. C GOODWIN.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUS3
MM*..b_i_i'Ucic kxt.i i. I'roprlotor <X il»aajt:
THIS ' EVENING
THE GREATEST MUSICAL SUCCESS
IN YEARS.
Jessop and Stanford's Komantic Comic Opera,
"SHAMUs'o'BRIEN"
— — WITH
MR. DENIS O'SULLIVAN,
The Favorite Barytone, the creator of the tiusrola.
PRODUCTION PERFECT
IN KVERY DETAIL.
Popular Prices — — 250 and 500
fll PA7AR ENORMOUS
Belasco* LaF allle. M t s. DU^tOOJ
EAST LYNNE.
A Triumph for
GEO. OSBOT7RNE, ADELE BELQARDB,
HI]aOTOLA^D and the Entire Company.
Prices, 16cto 50c. Scan by telephone. Black 99L
THE CHUTES.
IJrerr Afternoon and Evening.
Grand Free Open- Air Performance"
SPECIAL.— No Admission Charge Weekday
Atternoons During May.
Evenings-Admission, 100. Children, 50.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN DAILY FROn 7 A. T\. UNTIL n P. n.
Concert Eyery Afternoon and Evenln
BathiiiK. Including Admission: Adult*. 25c: Ohll.
dren, 20c: General Admlslon, 10c: Children, Be.
School Children Admitted i'ree Saturdays, 7 a.
M. to 6 P. M. ■ •
DACINC! racing i RACINQ I
— CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB — ■
WINTER MEETING, 1896-97.
Beginning Monday, May 3, to May 18. Inclasiva
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racing 3lon<lay. Tuesday, Wedm«*»r.
ihursUay, J-'riday and Saturday.
; ... Kaln or Shine. ■
SIVK OR MOKK KACE3 EACH DAT.
—Races Start ac 2:15 P. M. Sharp-—
Ferry Boats leave Han Francisco at I*2 v. aal
12:30, 1 .00, 1 :aO, 3:00, 2:30 and 3P. H.. connect
in« wi'.n trains stopping ai Ute entrance to uaolc.
Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
Returning— leave tbe Track at 4:15 aal
4:45 r. m. and Immediately after the last race.
IH,,.\IAMI. WILLIAMS JK, frejidsai.
B. & MJLKOY. becretary. :
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
~
EL CAMPO,
THE POPULAR BAY RESORT,
NOW OPEN EVERY SUNDAY DURING THB
SEASON. Music, Dancing, Bowline, Boat-
ing, Fishing and Other Amusements.
Refreshments st City prices. Fare, roand trip,
25c, Children 15c; including admission to grounds.
THE STEAMER UKIAH
Will leave Tibnron Kerry at 11:30 a. X.: 12:10,
2:00 and 4:00 p. K. Returning, leave Xl Campo
at 11:15 a. X, 1:00, 3:00 and 6:00 r. U. ■
78
THE ECHOES
PROVE VERY
UNPLEASANT
Hebbard's Attorneys Are
Fighting to Shut Out
Evidence.
LIVERNASH'S STORY NOT
RELISHED.
Interesting Side Lights on the
Doings of Sheehan and
Watt.
MORE TALES OF FINANCIAL
HODGE - PODGE.
The Battle for Free Speech Has
Developed Into a Prize Attraction
for Spectators.
Metaphorically speaking there appear
to be quills on Edward J. Livernasb.
Judge J. C. B. Hebbard and his attorneys
surveyed the newspaper man very critic
ally yesterday afternoon, and concluded
immediately that he was a legal porcu
pine which they were not quite ready to
quill. This rather upset the programme
in more ways than one in the Marriott
libel case.
It was not Livernash's fault. He was
in court for sacrifice at the appointed
hour, but at the last moment Attorney
Julius Kahn and Assistant District Attor
ney Hmkle concluded to postpone matters
for a day or two at least. He desired
further consultation with his client's
friends, ex- Receiver John F. Sheehan of
the People's Home Savings Ban* and his
confidential ana trusted friend, James
Aiva Watt. The lawyer was proiuse with
excuses. He had beeu very busy, so had
Judge Hebbard, >o had John F. Sneehan,
und Livernash's testimony came so sud
denly, ergo would the court be gracious
enough to give him twenty-four hours
more to study the newspaper man's story?
Judge Daingerrield did as he was asked
after Attorney iShortndae, in behalf of
Editor Marriott, interposed no serious ob
jection. And so Kahn and Hebbard were
another twen'.y-four hours to
t-harpen their weapons preparatory to their
dissection of a very interesting and reada
ble chapter of tne iuside manipulations of
the bank's al'iairs.
The case is a, prize attraction now and
draws a crowded courtroom at every ses
sion. A battle as it is for the right of one
man to criticize the carniidacy of another
lor a t>oink::: "face or, to be more explicit,
tne right ot E.mor Marriott to intimate
that Judge liebbard was more or le«s
morally responsible for John F. Saeehan's
management of tlie affairs of the savings
bank, it presents many interesting issue?.
The men that controlled the bank for
nearly two years in defiance of the wishes
of stockholders and depositors do not
relish the revelations that are daily being
developed.
James Aiva Watt and John F. Sheehan
are ever close a i hand to fill any breach
that threatens danger to the cause of
Judge Hebbard, who is resenting ai the
County's expense the insinuation that ha
is the "tool" and "creature" of these two
friends. Throughout the case are run
ning echoes ol'the last political campaign
and the connection Oi Judge Hebbard
witn the men in charge of me savings
bank after its light went out. Somenow
or other these reminiscences seem painful
to tne Hebbard clique, and scarcely a
■witness is allowed to answer a question
until the lawyer- have exhausted every
method of quibbling known to law and
courts. As a result, the case is proceed
ing slowly.
Benjamin F. Lucy, who wai the first
witness of the day, said that just a lew
day? previous to the time when Hebbard
procured the Indictment of the member*
of the depositors' committee, who issued
a circular opposing his candidacy for re
election to the bench, he was approached
at his place in the shops of the Union
Iron Works by John damage, a private
detective in Hebbard' s employ. Gamage
acted mysteriously, but finally requested
Lucy to call at the office of Attorneys W.
T. Bazgett and henry Eickoff. It was
a sort of fool's errand, thought the toun
dryrnan, and he paid no attention to the
detective's request. When Attorney
Shortridge attempted to establish the fact
that both Bazgett and Eickoff were attor
neys for Hebbara he stirred up a veritable
hornets' nest.
A. B. Fraesch, another committeeman,
related the efforts of the committee to se
cure the election of a board of directors
favorable to the interests of the depos
itors. After the members of the old board
bad signined their intention to step down
and out the depositor's committee met
and canvassed various names a-t their suc
cessors. The selections being made,
Fraesch said application was made to
Judge Hebbard to inouify the injunction,
but with no effect. Attorney Suoriridge
desired to draw from the witness the
various manipulations oi Sheehan and
Watt to thwart the wishes of the depos
itors. This was a tender spot to Judge
Hebbard. and Attorney Kahn succeeded
i:i having this portion oi an interesting
story shut off.
The attempt of Hebbard and Sheehan
to break into the meeting of the bank de
positors at the Jiush-street Theater on the
Saturday evening preceding the last elec
tion was the reason for the appear
ance on the stand of Aivlrew EL
Jenkins, who was the doorkeeper on the
occasion, and the cause of many inter
ruptions on t tie part oi Kuhn. Entrance
to the meeting was by bankbook, and sup
posed to be confined to depositors. Shee
han and Sam K. Thornton put in an ap
pearance first an-.l presented bankbooks
which, according to Jenkin>, were "so
new as to excite his suspicions" that
everjthing was not right. A few mo
ments iater Jud^e Hebbard came along
and beckoned to Serjeant Cook for a
private conference. After some parley
ing Cook assisted Hebbard through the
door in spite of Jenkins' protest.
"I asked him for his bunk book," said
Jenkins, "but he waved me aside unier
the orotection of the police sergeant and
passed in."
Attorney Shortridjje, after elicitin? the
information tntil Hebbard had no right in
the meeting; made an effort to have
Jenkins repeat the attempts of Hebbaid's
friemis to ureak up the meeting, but this
was such an unpleasant narrative to Knhn
that Judge Daingerrield granted his re
quest to stop the testimony.
' . Herry S. Htedman was one of the three
depo-itors who were induced by Secretary
C. E Palmer to sign a petition in Shee
ban's behalf to retain him as receiver in
6pito of tie protest of the majority of
those who bad money in the bank. Sted
man subsequently, upon learning for
what purpoue bis signature bad been se
cured, wrote a letter to Judge Hebbard,
informing him that he wished to with
draw his name. Stedman had no copy of
the communication, and, &■* Kahn de
clared Hebbard did not remember receiv
ing it, further inquiry along thesa lines
ceased.
Attorney John L. Flournoy was called
for, but could not be found. Kahn was
for preventing Flournoy from testifying if
his story wat simply to corroborate the
narratives of Committeemen McCarthy
and Uonant relative to bheebau's man
agement of the bank's assets. Judge
Daingerheid was for ruling that if this
was the case Flournoy need not be heard.
Attorney Shortridge, however, curtly in
formed the court that he would exercise
his right to have his witnesses sworn.
By stipulation Thomas Mahoney, William
Harris and William Quatman wt-re ex
cused from being cahed, the Hebbard
faciion agreeing ttiat their evidence would
corroborate that of McCarthy and Conant.
Thomas S. Williams Jr., one of the
directors of the bank, was called to tell
something about the circumstances at
tending a transaction between the Kansas
City Real Estate Association and the bank,
in which Watt was paid $250 for an exten
sion of time on the association's indebted
ness of $35, 000.
Another protest went up from the Heb
bard faction. Judge Daingerrield asked
if it was proposed to prove that Judge
Hebbard knew of this transaction.
"We are accused," said Attorney Bhort
ridge, "in our ulleged libel of saying that
Judge Hebbard's inaction caused widows
ana orphans to lose money. We are pre
pared to show that t!ie assets of this bank
were depreciated. We will prove that this
took piace witn the knowledge of Judge
Hebbard, who, as we contend, was morally
responsible for the action. Now, if it be
true that through Sheenan there was a
loss to the depositors, and that this was
done after Judge Hebbard had been ad
vised of and warned against his servant's
doings, by open letter, resolutions and pe
titions, we may contend that he is mor
ally responsible for the losses of the bank."
"Do you know if Sheehan, as receiver,
drew money without an order of court?"
Kahn interposed an objection wiih suc
cess.
Attorney Shortridge desired to learn if
Williams knew that Sheeban had been
allowed money by Judge Hebbard, which
action the Supreme Court declared null
and void.
Also Attorney Kahn would not soe
his client impaled in this manner. He
objected with both hands at once, apd
Judge Daingerneld would fain grant his
request.
"Do you know if Receiver Sheehan
drew money from the bank's assets be
fore authorized to do so by either Jud<;e
H board or thwboard of directors?"
Kahn was shocked again, and the court
poured more balm in his nerves by refusing
to permit Williams to answer the question.
It was slow work, but Attorney Short
ridge finally drove a center shot when he
inquired from Williams if he thought that
Judge Hebbard was aware of these facts.
"Certainly," was the reply. "Attorney
Bartnett, in behalf of the California Safe
Deposit and Trust Company, objected to
allowing Sheehan money in his cour\"
Assemblyman George W. Dixon was
called to give the details of a certain in
terview tetween himself and Attorney
Watt in the Union League rooms at the
time Dixon was selected as a candidate
for director by tne depositors.
"Did Watt ask you to retain him as at
torney for the bank?" queried Attorney
Shortridge.
Kami disputed the question.
"Did he likewise ask you to vote for his
retention as attorney for the bunk?"
Kahn again successfully "objected."
"Did Watt say t.'iat you did not favor
Sbeehan and himself — that he would see
that the injunction was not modified, and
that the old board would not be allowed to
resign?"
The reply to this Hebbard's attorney
managed to prevent. Dixon could :mt re
member if at this time Judge Hebbard
had been asked to modify the injunction
allowing Directors McDonald, Jenkins,
Strauss and Boushey to resign, as they de
sired to. Watt's political afli iations for
Hebbar.i were familiar to Dixon. He
knew that the two had long been friends
and active workers in campaigns.
"Did Watt say that he was a particu
larly warm friend of Judge HebbarJ, and
that unless he was provided for he would
use his influence with the Judge to pre
vent a modification of the injunction?"
This was a red rag to Kahn and Heb
bard, and a lively wrangle ensued to pre
vent Dixon giving his reply. Judge
DainKertiehl finally sustained Kahn's ob
jections and Dixon was dismissed without
further examination.
Judge S. C. Denson gave some side lights
on a transaction between himself and the
bank in September, 1894. Judge Denson,
as attorney for the Lower Kings River
Reclamation District, got a judgment in
default of unpaid assessments, amount
ing with interest to about $2500, against a
Mrs. Humphreys. Aoout the same time
the bank foreclosed a mortgage for $2Q,00u
on the same property. The affair was ar
ranged amicably by selling the property
for the amount of the two claims. Jurlee
Denson related that after the bunk failed
he settled his claim for $ISOD.
Attorney Shortridge was anxious to
show thnt the books of the bank showed
that $2500 had been diverted to pay the
reclamation judgment, but again Kahn
threw himself in the breach, and the
jurors will have to wait another day to
learn what became of tho difference be
tween these two sums.
The refusal of Hebbard's attorneys to
cross-examine Livernash at the appointed
time wai the cause of much confusion.
Attorney Shortridge exDected tnat this
work would occupy the entire afternoon
and had excused many of his witnesses.
Judge Uaiiigerrield promised that such a
hitch would not be allowed to occur aeain.
After searching for Deputy County Clerk
Fitzgerald about the City Hall, only to
learn he was "downtown," Attorney
bhortridge put Dr. Frea W. Harris on the
stand to relate Watt's attempt to swing
the physician's influence In favor of him
self and bheeuan.
"Did you have a conversation with Watt
in June, 1894?"
"Yes, Wait called to see me."
"Had you at that time consented to
serve as a director in the bank if the in
junction was modified so as to allow the
old bonrd to resign?"
"Yei, sir."
"Did Watt ask of you your vote or in
fluence in Sheehan's favor if eiected?"
Kahn objected.
"Did he say that unless you did consent
to act favorably to tne interests of Shee
han ana himself he would . 'see to it
ihat his influence with Judge Hebbarn
would prevent the injunction bafng modi
fied?"
Kahn again made a protest and Judge
Daingerfield would not allow the ques
tion. The case goes on this morning,
when the bank books will be examined.
HAS LOST ITS LUSTER.
Police Officer Maddeu'a Star Will
Likely Not Shine Again.
Chief l>ees has suspended Police Officer
Henry A. Madden until his conduct may
be investigated by the Police Commis
sioners.
Madden was arrested luesday night for
taking a shot at John O'Brien of 1129 Mis
sion s.reet in a saloon at ceventh and Mis
sion streets.
Fortunately for all concerned Maddens
aim was poor, and he hurt no one before
he was placed under arrest by Captain
Spillane.
Drink and an argument over a woman
caused the trot: le.
Sold the Piano.
Mrs. Etta B. Loring of the Irvington House,
318 E'.Hs btreet, was arrested yesterday on a
wnrrant charging her with grand larceny
Tim complainin? witness is E. W. Lick, llti
McAllister street. In his complaint he alleges
that Mrs. Lorl:i(t purchased a piano in Octo
ber. 1895. Xrom him on the installment pian
iiu retaining a mortgage on the instrument'
and thai she sold it on January 1 while $80
was null due upon it.
Times Are Dull in Chinatown. —
James L. Martel has sued Woo Hip and sev
eral other Chinese for recovery ot the posses
sion of premises known as 811 Washingrtoii
street. The Mongolians complain that they
are unable to pay rent on account of hard
times la Chinatown.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JI AT 6, 1897.
BRITONS EAGER
FOR THE JUBILEE
Enthusiastic Meeting of
the Celebration Com
mittee.
All the Preliminary Arrange
ments Now in a For
ward State.
The Question of Whether Ladies Will
Be Admitted to the Banquet
Not Yet Settled.
An enthusiastic meeting of the Queen
Victoria diamond jubillee celebration
committee was held in Scottish Hall last
night, President Doxey in th« chair.
The following additional names were on
motion added to the committee: William
Chalmers, W. D. Harper, Edward Kerr,
D. B. Davidson, William Corniack, Dr. K.
J. Porter, 8. Haslett, Hugh Craig, Captain
W'aiiiwright, Angus McLeod and James
Boyes.
Consul-General Warburton, Captain
Metcalf, Rev. J. J. Fell and James McNab
were appointed a committee to confer with
the captains of British ships in port as to
bavin? some of them on the committee.
H. J. Stewart, chairman of the commit
tee on musical exercises, verbally reported
recom mending that a band of thirty-five
pieces" be engaged for all day June 19;
that a string orchestra of fifteen pieces be
engaged for the literary exercises and ten
pieces lor the dancing in tiie evening. He
ulso recommended a chorus of 100voic.es
;or the literary exercises and two soloists.
He promised to present a written report
in a day or two to the finance committee
with the amount required for expenses.
Tne report of the meeting of the chair
men of committees held Saturday was
read and adopted. It recommended the
following programme for the celebration:
Saturday, June 19— Grounds open at 10 A. M.
At 9:45 a baud to meet the clans irom Oakland
at the ferries to accompany them to the
grounds. The outdoor games to commence at
9:45 a. M. and be continued till Gp. m. Lite
emry exercisus to commence at iue Casino at
2 p. M., as follows: Overture; ode; prayer by
Key. John Hemphill; music; orailon by Gene
ral W. H. L. Barnes; music; poem; music,
"The Star-spiingied Wanner"; benediction by
Rabbi Nieto. Tne grounds to be closed from 6
uutil 7 :30 P. M. At Bp. M. tableaux on a stage
in tne open trrouniis; 10 P. M., fireworks;
dancing in the Casino fruni 8 i\ H. till mid
night,
Sunday, June 20— Services In the Metropoli
tan Temple Ht 3 p. M.
Monday, June 21— Banquet at the Palace
Hotel, 7 P. m.
The decorations and oadges will be of
the California colors — red, blue and gold —
and a medal will be presented to the sail
ors successful in the games.
John M. Duncan, cnairman of the
games committee, reported 1 hat the games
would include special dancing, including
the maypole, wrestling, broausword con
test, fencing, boxing, tub race and water
polo. The report was referred to the
iinance committee to consider the amount
for prizes.
Chairman Chidley of the tableaux com
miite recommended the following tab
leaux: "Coronation of :he Queen" ; "Open
ing oi the Great Ex ibition"; "Decora
tion of the Victoria Cross Upon the Cri
mean Heroes' ; "Grand Durbar iii India,
presided over by ttie Viceroy"; "Allegori
cal tableaux of Britannia surrounded by
tlie nationalities under the British juris
diction." During the waits between the
tableaux appropriate stereopticon views
will bo thrown upon a canvass in front of
the stage, and W. H. Campbell will deliver
recitation-. The report was relerred to
ti>e finance committee.
Rev. W. AY. Bolton reported on the
Sunday services and recommended that
thty be held in the Metropolitan Temple,
and to consist of vespers and responses;
Te Deiun; prayers by Rabbi Nieto; ad
dress by Rev. John Heruphili; Twentieth
Psalm; anthem; hnal prayers by Rabbi
Nieto; benediction by Rev. W. W. Bolton.
A band will be engaged and t.o clergy will
appear in their robes and the Consul
general in his uniform. The considera
tion of the report was deferred.
Rev. W. W. Bolton read a circular to be
printed and sent to British- born residents
and the press throughout the State, aelc
ing their co-operation to make the cele
bration a success. This was adopted.
Chairman Doxey, James McNab and J.
T. Marsh were appointed a committee to
report on a souvonir medal commemora
tive of the occasion.
It was decided to defer the discussion of
whether ladies should be admitted to the
banquet until the next meeting, and it
was arranged that the chairmen of com
mittee? should meet the finance com
mittee next Monday afternoon to decide
upon the question of expenses.
AnvjiNCES nia4e on furniture and pianos with
or without removal. Noouan. 1017-1073 Mission.
NEW TO-DAY
| °P., When You j
||W Feel Strong,j
H Js^ "^^ W HEN your brain is CLEAR, your NERVES 2
•^ j|ct =^ steady, your heait beating regularly, and your =^S
<d&&8&*SF J wnole body ireo from the debilitating effects of past
•*" /Ffs?^isMM& follies, then you ought to be happy, because you are so
mZ i^nJi^^Bo' JE^y much better than the average man. When you have 13
•^ ra»Hß<» health it is possible to overcome adversity— to make
JbHSF flß^ money; but if your nerves refuse to carry you thronerh -~S
: frfllPw^J W- tight places, when they break down and expose your 13
U^l wßffw \ weakness, then, ah, that is when you mus l be careful; -^
Z-iJ- juvfU*^ tliat is when you ought to look to y^ur future health, -^
S^= WfeWWfliW rwW*^'* because you are suffering inwardly from that baneful -^ I
■*». disease, nerTous debility. Come, muster together the nerve that you have 13
•j^. left and save yourself. Saturate your body with the life-giving fluid —
•£: Electricity. It is given by nature for such as you. This name has a charm
S»~~ for such troubles. ' =^
| DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT. 1
J£z There are already 10,000 happy men in the Western conntry who owe
their happiness to it. And how simple it works. You put it on at night --g
•Tl when you go to bed. In a few' minutes you begin to feel the warming, 13
S*- stimulating effects of the electricity flowing through the nerves.' It finds =^S
fc; its way into every part of the body, and its presence brings new life. It is. ■
Jj: a grand thing ior weak men and women. . ;^j
S^ "When I bought yonr Belt I had given up all hope ,of ever, refining zZ2>
SI my health, being broken down entirely, physically and mentally. I 13
g~ thought there was no hope for me, but now, after giving your Belt a fair .-^
J^: ' trial, I am completely restored to my old health, and never f,elt better in . -^
S^ my life."— G. W. AMSTEIN, Foreman St. Nicholas Hotel Laundry, San rSS
g>>- Francisco. i • :: " '^S j
g— Call and te»t this wonderful Belt free or get the book. ■' -^
»= SAr\DFM Fl FfTßir PO 632 M » rk «t str««t, o PP ogit« 2
af\\WL.\H LLLLIIfIL, tU., Palace Hot- 1, S.n Francisco
J~ ofiice Hou b— H a. ic. to 8 p.m.; Sunaays, 10 to 1. Anee.ea , office, 204 South ■ . —^
. Broadway; Port. and. Or.. 253 Wasuiagtoo street: Denver, col.. 935 sixteenth street.
g— .NOTE.— Make no mistake in the number— o3Z Market street. • Make note of It. v , —jg
RAN THE GAMUT
OF NOMENCLATURE
The Old - Time Steamer
Sirius Again Changes
Her Name.
Will Now Run Opposition on the
Puget Sound and Alaskan
Route.
Big Cut in the Steamer Rates From
Ccast Ports for the Christian
Eadeavorers.
The old-time steamer Sirins has taken a
new lease of life and a new captain is in
command of her. Several years ago she
came to this port with a general cargo,
ana later on was placed in the South
American trade. The venture was not a
success, and when the vessel changed
hands she was ivchristened the Scandi
navia. Hot next venture was in the sugar
trade ana her name was changed to the
Kahului. The new owners found that
there was no money in the island trade,
and for nearly a year the steamer has been
tied up in Oakland Creek. Last week she
received a thorough overhauling, Captain
Hall, late of tne Corona, was placed in
command of her, and in a few dayß she
will start on the Puget Sound route. She
is now under tne American flag and will
be known in future as the Cleveland. The
Lakme will run in connection with the
new steamer, and opposition to the Pacific
Coast Steamship Company on the Sound
route is now in order.
In connection with the meeting of the
Christian -Endeavor Association to be
held in San Francisco next July the Pa
cific Coast Steamship Company has issued
tne following special rate circular:
Puget Sound route, from San Francisco to
Tacoma. Seattle, Port Townsend and Victoria
to San Francisco and return, $22 50. Elect
ive on the steamer WaJla Walla, sailing from
Tacoma June 27, until aud including the sail
ing of the steamer City of Puebla July 7, 1897.
Good to return trom San FranclßCo on any
steamer up to and including the sailing of the
steamer Walla Walla July 20. 1897.
Eurelta, Humboldt Bay route— Effective on
the steamer Pomona, sailing from Eureka
Friday, July 2, and subsequent sailings up to
and including July 11. Good to return lrom
San Francisco on any sailing up to ana includ
ing July 17. Cabin, upper deck, $12 for the
round trip; saloon, $8 lor the round trip.
Southern California route— Effective on the
steamer Santa Rosa, sailing from San Diego
June 28, 1897, and steamer Corona, leaving
San Diego July 2, and Santa Rosa, leaving San
Dieeo again Jul< 6; steamer Coos Bay.leaving
Newport June 29; steamer Eureka, leaving
Newport July 3, and Coos Bay, leaving New
port July 7. "Good to return on any steamer
leaving "dan Francisco up to and including
tantft Rosa July 19. .
Santa Cruz 83 75
Monterey * 50
San Simeon 9 u0
Cayucos 9 00
Poit ilarford H DO
Wavioia 15 00
Hanta Barbara }!> 00
Ventura.... 16 50
Hueneme 16 50
Port Los Angela 18 OU
Kedondo 18 00
Bu Pedro 18 00
East *an Pedro 18 00 |
Newport. 18 00
San iJiego 22 60
Another attempt is to be made to dis
cover the guano island that the Moonlight
went In search of Jaat year. On that occa
sion Captain Spencer ianaed his vessel in
a South American port and finally re
turned to this port with a cargo of guano,
which was not procured on the island In
auestion. According .to him a volcanic
eruption sank the island to the bottom of
the sea. J. A. Magee Jr., however, has
still faith in the deposit and is now fitting
out the schooner Luisa L> to make an
other search for the spot. CaDtain Fred
Erratt, who was mate of the Moonlight,
will go out as master of the little sealing
schooner and if no guano island is located
the crew will put in their time*"huntlng
sea otter and seals.
The steam - schooner Navarro has
changed hands and Captain F. Higgins
will go out in command of her.
Business is picking up on the water
front, and a number of vessels are going
into commission again. To-morrow the
Alcazar will be brought ever from Oak
land Creek to have new boilers put in.
She will go into the coast trade again.
Work on the new City front receiving
hospital will begin to-day. Chief Engi
neer Holmes has the plans all ready, and
before the In of next month an ambu
lance and a full corps of attendants will
be Btalioned on the water front. Acci
dents on East and adjoining streets will
be attended (o at the ferries in future,
thus saving the long trip to the new City
Hall.
The old Enoch Talbot is going back
into her old trade again. ' Years ago she
carried lumber from the Sound to San
Francisco, but latterly she was turned
into an oil ship. The venture did not
prove a success, and now the oil tanks
are to bo taken out, the vessel cleaned up
and again put into the lumber trade.
ON THE ENGINE
Passengers Thus Traveling Cannot Re-
cover insurance Against Accident*.
Two important in regard to
life insurance were considered in Judge
Hunt's court yesterday during the trial of
the case of Mrs. Mary I. Berliner against
the Travelers' Insuiance Company for
$2'),000 said to be due because of insurance
on the life of her late husband.
There were two counts in the com
plaint, one lor $20,000 on account of an ac
cident policy ana another for $5000 on a
life Dolicy.
In the course of the testimony the fact
was developed that Berliner was killed by
a raiirood accident in Mexico in Decem
ber, 1895, and that at the time of the acci
dent he was riding on the engine.
This being shown, the defendant cor
poration moved for a nonsuit so far as
the accident poi oy for $20,000 was con
cerned, on the ground ttiat ihe engine
was not the ordinary place' for a pas
senger, and that Mr. Berliner was not
insured against accident except while
traveling in the usual way.
After argument and the citing o: many
*j*&k* Ji :J fife*" j ' JkjlA-jJt: ?' v jWSJJfff
f ~~~^~--r^^ >^^^^ v^*^S~^^^^^Ty r -^^ nn ' ' '-'■'/*. -." "- :"■ .-- ? -■;.' ,**';"■ •■---■ *" ■ ; ■■■ ■ '
BARTLETT SPRINGS!
GOOD WATER AND
GOOD HEALTH,
A Positive Cure for Kidney,
Stomach, Liver and Rheu-
matic Troubles.
THOtSANDS OF REMARKABLE CURES.
CWIMMING TANK, TUB AND VAPOR
Baths with competent masseurs.
Tennis Court*, Bowling Alleys, Croquet
Grounds, Billiards, Dancing Pavilion; Orciies-
tra plays daily ; burros for mountain climbing.
RATES— HoteI and hotel cottages, $10 to
$15 per week; houseceeping cottages, $2 50 to
$t> per week.
Call or address BARTLETT SPRINGS CO.,
22 Fourth street, Ssn Francisco, or B. S. Co.,
Bartlett Springs, Lake County, CaL
Pamphlets mailed ree. \
HOTEL VENDOME,
SAN JOSE, CAL.
THIS BEAUTIFUL HOTEL 18 TOO WELL
-i. and favorably known o require extended men-
tion here as a charmlm; summer resort, access-
ible. Homelike, and every department In willing
and filiclent hands. Write (or rates and illus-
trated souvenir.
GEO. P. SNELL,
Manager.
SEA BEACH HOTEL,
SANTA CRUZ, CAL.
California's favorite resort.
Located on a flowering slope from the beach.
Unsurpassed view of
teach, Bay and Mountains.
SALMON FISHING.
Tennis Court, Croquet Grounds and Music.
Kensonable Rates. '
For t rms address
JOHK T. SPLI.IYAX, Manager.
MPA SODA SPRINGS,
California's . Famoni Honntain Spa t
JDftf) feet, above Napa Valley. Climate nnsnr-
passed. Views magnificent. Table supplied from
orchard and ocean, field and farm. Hot and cold
Napa Soda water baths. Telephone and Postoffice.
Burros to ride. Bowling alleys, tennis, croquet,
■wings and hammock*. Gaa and running water In
every room, tte i-i for asthmatics. WARM
WATEK SWIMMING TANK. Au ideal sum-
mer resort. • uiidren's. paradise; mothers' de
light; husbands' rest. Address
ANDREW J A CSSOX,
Napa Soda Springs P. O.
pALIFORNIA'S MO"*T KNJOYABLK "RE-
sort" : noted for its Curative Powers of ih»
springs.' Best equip:>«-d .Mineral Baths in I.ako Co.
Hates to sutl all. Also finest facilities ior camp-
itiK. lor pHrtlculars aiplv to F. MAKTEN*.
Prop., Bnchior 1\ 0.. Lake County. Cal.. orln San
i-ranclaco at 416 Pine St. FKA-K A. BU>SE.
THE GEYSERS,
Sonoma Co. 6 Hours from San Iran citro.
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS.
- Grandest scenery. The hotel an enchanting em-
bowered home. New Bathhouse, Tennis-court, etc.
NATURAL BTEAM AM> MINERAL
BATHS.
Tepid Swimming Lake. New and Inviting trails to
iuteretting poluts. Table unsurpassed. '
J. B. HORTON, Manager.
HOWARD SPRINGS.
..„;.-.■- F. O. Butah. Luke County. : >
•pENOVATED AND IMPROVED; ACCOM-
XV modatlons and tnble service strictly first class;
910 tosl2; special terms to families: postofflceand
telephone on premises; , round trip $10: tickets at
Southern Pacific <>tli-es: tiiest baths In Laice
County. WALLACE &PAULMNG. Manager.
LAUREL DELL. ;
"PLEASANTLY LOCATED ON LAUREL DELL
X Lake: new dinlnct-room, new livery stable. It
Is now one of the most attractive outing places - In
Lake County. Kates $8 to $12 i>rr wee*. Boating
and bnthinr free Brlnir .your bathing suits. Ad-
dress H. WAN BOLD, liertha P. v,. Lake co.. CaL
PALACE HOTEL, URIAB.
HEADQUARTERS FOR TOURISTS : AND
II commercial men. Free bus and baggage to
I and from all trains. -
authorities, Judjre Hunt held that the
point was well taken and granted the
motion for a nonsuit on the $iO.OOO claim.
In regard to tne claim of $5000 for lire
insurance an objection to paying it was
made by AY. W. Hask-Jl, a eni for the
company, who swore that th«re was no
money i;aid as premium on the policy.
Attorney Daniel Titus showed that the
po icy was delivered to Mr. Berliner, and
read a letter which tended to prove that
tnere was an un«ier"tan(iin£j in regard to
giving credit to Mr. Berliner for the
premium. Mr. Titus declared that Mr.
Haskell had not given fair testimony in
the case, and insisted that the widow was
entitled to recover the lif" insurance.
The jury, composed of William J. Arm
strong, S. N. Wood, Sylvain Levy, E. C.
Fowler, Emil Kehrlein, George H. Knight,
Theodore P. Schaller, 11. H. Heckman
Sr., William M. Green baum, Cnarles E.
Lantr, James E. Blair, Lippman Elias,
took that view of the case and gave a ver
dict for $5000 in favor of the plnintiff, with
interest at 5 per cent from December 6,
1893.
Ju'l gment for Iniurmc*,
InJud.e Hunt's court yesterday judgment
was given 1n faror of Henry Mnhan, adminis
trator oi the estate o( Samuel Mosgrove, de
cen«ed, against the Fidfiitv tintl Casualty
Com> nyof New York for $3250 without In
terest or cost.
BIGHLAID SPRIGS,
LAKE COUNTY, CAL.,
On the Border of Clear Lake.
OPEN EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR
r-
New hotel erected this spring Lighted by Elec-
tricity. Finest dining-room north of San Frau-
cisco. The greatest variety of mineral springs in
America. Waters unsurpassed for health or
pleasure. Bathing, boating, iiuntin,- arid lishins;
swimming tank, dancing, lawu tennis, croquet, '
billiards, bowling, etc .
TAKt; STAUE AT PIKTA, SHORTEST AND
BEST ROUTK TO ALL POINTS IN LAKE CO.
Round trip from San. Francisco $8.
Rates $10 to Slti per week.
J. CRAIG. Managec
P. F. Office— 3l6 Montgomery st.
n ■ n ja i 4% 4« hot
U AD A I V II Monterey coaa.
rAHHIOUiip
_■.■■■■ ■ ■ >9jr M 0 health,rest,jpleiw
nn>, cllmAt«, sccommodatlons, scenery, flower
beds, cleanliness, table, hot soda tub and plunge
I baths, hot sulphur tub and swimming tanks, ma*>
I nage treatment, bunting and fisblnz. children's
! playground, croquet and dance hall for families. ,
Paralso stands unsurpassed In the state. Plenty
enjoyment for young and old. Take train Third
and Townsend streets, San Francisco, 8:15 a. jc
daily, for Soledad; Return-trip ticket, *8. Seven
miles by stage. Telephone and Postotßce. For
Illustrated pamphlets and special inducements fox
la« 8, address R. ROBERTSON, Manager.
SODA BAY RESORT.
, CHANGE OF MANAGEMENT.
Soda Bay, situated on C'ear Lake, Is most pic-
turesque. Spring is famons for tbe vast, volume
of delicious soda water. Hunting, fishing, boating
and swimming are unsurpassed anywhere. The
table is supplied -with the very best the market
affords, and the comfort and welfare of the guests
carefully looked after. Daily stage from Pleta to
Soda Bay direct. Fare from San Francisco $5 50;
round trip $10. NKSSS**
F. B. II h TH. proprietor, Soda Bay, Kelsey
TiUe, Lake County, CaL
A If A A AAI HOT SPRINGS, Sonoma
V If flßlV' <O. only 41/2 hours from
J\ II U\\ llaA Slin 1-rancUco, and but 9
UllllUUv miles 1 staging. Waters
noted for their medicinal virtues and generally
conceded to be the finest natural bmh water in tne
Mate. Excellent climate and grand mouutain
scenery. Long distance telephone: daily mall and
express; well-stocked trout streams. Round trip
from San Francisco only $5 60. Take Tiburon
ferry at 7:80 a. m. or 8:30 P. m. Terms, $2 a day
or $12 a week.
.J. F. MCLCREW, Proprietor.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LARK COUNTY.
fTIHISDICLIGHTFUL WATEKING-PLACE IS
1 located in the mld-t of the Coast Rauge.
Abundance of mineral springs, hot and cold
plunge batot. large swimming-tank of mineral
water, fine stone dining-room; telephone con-
nections, electric lights, livery accommodation;
good trout-fishing and bunting. Round-trip tick-
ets at a P. Offices, $10.
JOHN SPAULDING, Proprietor.
/ETNA SPRINGS.
mHERE IS HEALING IN THE WATERS
X (for Rheumatism, Malaria, Nervousness, Dys-
pep >ia. Diabetes, etc.); there is life in the ar;
swimming tank, tub and steam baths; fine hotel;
anjus"nipnti. Rates, $10 to $14. ! Take 7:/fO a m!
I Southern Pacific train lor St. Helena; stage con-
nects at 10.30 a. m. ■ Unlimited round-trip tickets
$7. l'articulars ut 818 Battery .st., or of W L.
MITCHELL, Lidell Postoflice, Napa County, Cal.
BURUNGAME.
THIS SPA- E RESERVED FOR THE RED-
-1 lngton Place. Address
■ „„ - IRA HOITT.
■ BnrUngame, San Mateo County Cal.
SIMMER BOARD, SANTA CRLZ MTS.
A PLEASANT, HOMELIKE RESORT- KLK-
eanf climate, fishing, hunting and scenery;
low price. •■.-.•
Terms of W. T. TROMBLY, Gilroy.
ALPINE HOUSE.
Ft l^ 1 ?? 0 AND , HUN TING HEADQOAR.
s ters: livery stable connected: In tue vicinity of
; Big Basin: streams alive with trout; monntalns
full of game. Write McABKK & MONTACiUIfi,,
Boolder Creek. Santa Cruz county. »~w*i
ORR HOT SPRINGS,
! 1 4 MILKS FROM UKIAH. FINK lISHIKG
•. *"?i buntln Baths lre«. - Water sure cure for
rheumatism and all BKln diseases. Round trip.
*,« °- ,. Isoarl - * 7 P er weet •>• H - ORR, Orr Post-
I Office, Mendocino County, Cal. . ■
HOTEL DE REDWOOD.
TN THE HEART OF THE SANTA CRUZ
-L Mountains; board from $7 to $10 a week;
campers' return tlcltet S2 50. fen t for circular to
-... '. .M. a COX, Laurel, CaL
WHITE OAK FARM,
■VTEAR CLOVERDALE: SPECIAL ATTEN-
-«-' tlon clven to table: terms $7 ocr week. For
particulars address W. H. HIATT, Cloverdale, C*L
SEW TO-DAT.
"\^^^M^Py^
If your eyes are beginning to trouble
and annoy you, if you suspect they need
attention, we will examine them free of
charge. If you need glasses wo will tell
you so frankly; if you do not we will tell
you so just as frank y.
A. NORDMAN, t NORDMAN,
STANDARD OPTICAL Co.
217 Kearny Street, S. F.
SANTA CATALWI ISLASD!
SEASON OF 1897.
Breatest Attractions in the West.
Charming climate, wonderful naural attrno--
tlons, iumous fishing and wild goat shooting. The
new scenic ride fr.<m the ocean to Middle Ranch.
Splendid coaches, famous Western drivers. De-
lightfui coast txciirsions. Novel ouidoor sports.
Grand concerts every day. Dancing. Pyrotechnic
displays, wa rr Carnivals, etc
Hotel Metropole always open, remodeled and
enlarged, new addition, elegant room* with bath.
Grand ballroom, etc., ready this season. Island
Villa opens July 1.
iull information, rates and illustrated ramphtets
Wilmington Transportation Co.,
222 S. SPRING ST.. LOS ANQHLES CAU
HOTEL ROWARDEMAN, :
rpHE J'ICTLP.KSQVE SPOT OF BKX LO-
-1 MOND, in the *anta Cruz Mountalvs. New
hotel ana rustic cottages, conliicing 60 rooms,
ALL HAKI) FIMSHKI), with large closets.
Two tennis courts and bowling alley. Buildloss,
grounds xnd river lighted by electricitr. a m.ie
of riv.r for boating. l;ound trip tickets. S3. For
: particulars address THOS. L. BELL, Proprietor,
! lien Lomond, \ al.
SEW CARLSBAD MIMRAL SPRIXGS.
LAKE COUNTY.
fTIHE GREATEST HEALTH-GIVING WATER
i- in America. Specific for a:l stomach, liver,
kldnev anu bladder troub New bo;el, new
I management. Terms, $8 10 $10 per week. For
I particul«rs address \V. R. Mc-dVtRN, Kelsey-
ville. Lake 0., or DR. McGOVERN, 1577 Fol-
som street, San Francisco.
PLANTATION HOUSE.
I Q MILES FROM CAZADERO, ON STAGE'
| O line. Good trout flthing. plenty fruit, cream
and milk; free conveyance for parties of two or
more: grand re<lwooii .enery. Address J. LUT»-
TRI.NGEK, seaview, Sonoma Co., or apply E.
KRUSK, 207 Front St., S. F., for particulars.
ADAM SPRINGS, LAKE CO.
FAVORITE RESORT OF THE STATE: THE '
water is unexcelled for medicinal purposes;
table unsurpassed; fine fishing and hunting: stase"
daily from lallstoga direct to springs: round trip
at southern Pacific offices $10. DX. W. K.
PRATHEK, Adam Springs.
LAUREL GLEN FARM
FINE SPRING WATER: PLENTY OF MILK, .
J- cream, fruit and home comforts. For particu-
lars address MRS. V. STUBKNRAUCH, box 159,
i\ap», Cal. ■.-."-. ." ..--■{-.■! ••- .;
SOLID COMFORT HOME.
HMILEB FROM .NAPA CITY, ON MOUNT
Veder;, elevation 1555 feet: mountain spring '
water; line scenery; healthy climate: a postlve
cure for asthma. Address MRS. A. F. ALLEN,
Napa city.
HOTEL DE THORNTON,
POTT VAL.I/EY.
First-Clag4 in Every Kespeot.
E. I-. HOLKROOK, PROPRIETOR.
Rates, $7 per week, isaih and all modern con.
▼enlences In connection with hotel.
UKIAH STABLES.
U, H. MILLKR, PROPRIETOR, STATE -
• » • street, adjoining Paluce Hotel. Stage for
Blue Lakes. Laurel leil, Sara, Springs, Upper
Laice and Vichy rprinjts. Rest of care, taken of
transient stock. Good wagons ' for commercial '
men and tourists.
GLENBROOK,
ONE OF THE MOST CHARM I RESORTS
In the state. Fine scenery, hunting and flsh-
; ing. Excellent table. For circulars and further
j lnform&t.on address O. \V. R. THEUWAY, Ulen-
■ brook, Lake County, Cal.
AURORA SPRINGS HOTEL.
pLOVKRD.ALK, SONOMA COUNTY; FIRST-
\J class hunting and trout streams; fresh milk,
butter, egg* and vegetables;, tents If desired;
terma $7 per week. Address D. T. GILLIAM,
Cloverdale. ■ :
.. . \
LOVELY BKN LOMONH.
HAVE YOU CUOSiSN A PLACE FOR THE
summer outliiK? Have you thought of Ben
Lomond, i i Santa Cruz Mountains? It is beauti-
ful, hea thful. accessible Land and homes for
sale. Houses, cottages and camping silei for renu
Write or call BKN J. LLuYD, : en Lomond, CaL
AGUA CALIENTK SPRINGS HOTKL SO-
noma Valley; 2 hours f om san Fraicisco via .
Tiburon ferry, s. F. & N. P. R. R.; warm mineral
swimming and tub baths; hotel completely remod-
eled, enlargedatid handaonietvreturuUlied: water
ga% electric bells in all rooms: *10 to $ia per
week, sf'J perday. Address AnuaCallente Springs,
Aqua Calient e. Sonoma County, CaL • ■ ■
T>ftD\VOOD RETREAT - "IN A QUIET
X\i r.ttie nook .by the babbling rroofc";* in the
Santa Crnz Mountnins, 9 mtlea from Gilroy; g<-od
trtble, climate, scenery, etc.: large swimming
*>ath: terms low. Address C. t. oANDEKS A
SONS, (iilroy, Cal. > ". ;
IOOD BOA D ON RANCH, SUBURBS Of
' Calistoca: plenty fresh eggs, butter, chicken*
and milk: $6 nnd S7 v\eek: hot ml nera' baths free.
MRB. J. MONTGOMEKY. Callstoga. Naps, Co., CaL
mPKKSSLAWN FRUIT FARM-GOOD TA-
\J ble; home comforts. T. H. EPLEV, box 286,
A NDERSON SPRINGS, LAKK COUNTY*
-rt. optn May 10: telepho:re connections- w.lte
for circular Address J. ANDERBoX, Mlddl'etown!
ESORT CIRCULAKS. CARDS OR BIGNSi
cheap rates. HILL. 22', a y.atj »tis?F.BABE MURPHY
FOND OF ODDS
Furnished a Very Pretty
"Reversal" at Emery
ville.
At the Weights Buckwa Was
Easily Downed by Ostler
Joe.
Barriry Schreiber Eeat a Big Field
of Two-Year-O!ds-Rsnscm in
Gcod Foim
H.i be Murphy, carrying the colors of the
- mber-iooking St. Louis turfman, Louis
i rented local racegoers to one of the
refreshing reversals of form fur
; sh*d in quite an age. The past few
of the "Babe" would not indicate
-he had much chance to capture the
■::M in which she was entered (the last),
htl the ring opened her up at 12 10 1. It
#aa a mile selling affair, for which Judge
•:ny closed a 2 to 1 choice, with Strath
and Mercutio fancied in the order
.mcd. Babe Murphy strolled leisurely
;ck in the betting until she touched 25 to
.. when the coin went in and her odds
- were speedily reduced to 10. Bozemau
rushed her to the front when the barrier
was raised and tne mare won all the way,
beating out Strathiol easily in 1:41. Hen
v.essy landed Judge Denny in thud place
i:i a drive.
Crotchety as the racing was first
choices managed to take three of the
events decided. The attendance and bet
ting was good.
The mile and a furlong purse simmered
down to a duel between Buckwa and
Ostler Joe, the other entries being
scratched. If prognostications counted .
for anything;, Buckwa. with his 118
rounds in the saddle, was a "moral," and
Purser's horse was 13 to 20 in the ring. .
wDiie against the "Montana Domino" 13 !
to 10 was laid. He carried but 102 pounds,
and setting the pace from the outset won
Very easily in t:.e announced time of 1:53, i
clipping one-quarter of a second off the i
Caiiiornia record. The winner was clev- i
>:■: . ridden by Joe Piggott.
Eighteen selling platers strolled to the
in the opening live and a lialf fur
long scramble. With Roltaire in the
la of the undertakers, it looked Tery
ro»y for the 11 to o choice Taranto, which
allowed to make his own pace and
won easily from the 12 to 1 shot, Gold
B.a-. Snider permitted Roltaire to take j
the show.
The Cheat and Towanda both opened at i
5 to 2 in the betting in the four-furlong
two-year-old scramble. The Cheat re
ceded to 7 to 2, while Towanda wa3 \
pounded down to Stos. Barney Schreiber, |
■an 8 to 1 shot, led all the way, beating
the favorite, which was away poorly, over
a length at the end in 49 seconds. Saticoy 1
was a close third.
Opening a 2to 1 favorite for the mile |
and a sixteenth, Lovdai showed signs of j
lameness and went buck to 10 "to 1.
Backed from 6 down to lb to 5. Ransom, \
with Piggott up, passed Midas in the j
stretch, in a drive led Galen Brown's
mare Treachery out a head in 1:48. Peter i
the Second came from the rear, taking the I
show.
. Tea Rose was a 7 to 10 chance for the i
five and a half furlong sprint, and leading :
trom the jump downed the 100 to 1 sLot I
.Sea Spray a length in l:08j^. Perhaps, a I
60 to 1, ahot took the show in n drive, i
THE "CALL" RACING GUIDE.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB, Oakland Racetrack, Wednesday, May 5. Seventy-eighth day
of the winter meeting. 1896-97. Weather fine, track last.
Mainstay, Dun boy and Bellicoso per
formed very poorly.
NOTES.
Glover was suspended for an indifferent
ride astride Masoero.
Babe Murphy, entered to bs sold for
$100, was bid up to $500 by B. C. Holly.
She was retained by her owner. "'
A stable adjacent to the track was
burned yesterday afternoon, together
with two fillies owned by Mike Hennessy
and the personal effects owned by William
Bloombaugh. Old Toano was quartered
in the stable and was with great difficulty
driven from the burning barn with a blan
ket all ablaze. The age«l sprinter started
no a street leading to the foothills and at
last accounts it had not been learned
whether he was alive or not.
Two extra days of rr.cing will be given
for the benefit of the Fabiola and Little
Jim hospital funds at the end of the
present meeting. A special feature will
be offered each day.
Eddie Ame* had the mount on Sprine
neld. which fell in tbe opening scramble.
He was quite severely bruised.
Ostler Joe covered the first mile or his
race in 1:391.,.
Following are to-day's entries:
Klrst race, five-eighths of a mile, selling.
0-1 DaCapo 107| 832 Viking 95
921 rh«Piunger.... 107 892 Roy CarrulherslOU
S7.S Ha sey 110 960 .\uucomar lU7
842 liano dOr 110 050 Cogent 95
782 Attlcua 104 952 Lucky Star. 110
921 Rosa bra 110 965 Maxsm II (for
946 Cba;>pie S5 Joe Maxim). .110
Second race, three-quarters of a mile, selling.
965 (on Moio 114 i 947 Joe X 110
»10 Belaric 114 <K>7 »rvoso 109
96s Los Cerillos 100 9C4 Booladaln 116
968 <nranfWia 93 9.29 La E l*cba 105
*44 Cavallo... Ins 8-1^ Alvero... 114
958 Adam Andrew. 9S ; 8-5 Heartsease 112
96K Beel 93 721 uibberiiflibbet.loo
957 Billy Vice 105 940 Veva. 105
I 940 Kasel 112
'1 hird race, one mile, sellin?.
94'> O'Fleela 1021 952 Two Cheers.... 102
971 Musier 98 *77 I'olioclc 101
861) Marionette. 10:.' 829 Silverado ...... 105
972 B a Spray ....102 911 Tom Ism ore..
974 bir Philip 101 9ti9 Mollle X 100
Fourth race, nine-sisteeuths of a mile, two-year
olds, selliug.
i 959 Klsmore 110 927 Twlnkler 100
] 96S Miss Dividend. 97 959 George Lee 100
I 968 Doim»rswivel..llO 966 s>an Durango... 97
.... Ch«pu!tepec....lO7 956 Ked Fox 1< 0
■ 963 Morincl wT i 951 S*!abar 103
I 9t>6 Clias. Le 8e1. ...110
| Fifth race, three-quarters of a mile, selling.
j .... Nevita 112; 952 Doubtful 107
i 94 « Wm. Fiukertonll4 934 Our Climate..
; 965 Howard )(»9 2SI i osa Clark 114
SS4 Madrone 116 H27 K^ected 114
j Leon 119 553 Detective, by
943 Kmma D iO7 Comet 116
1 946 Ricardo ll'9j
sn;h race, one mile, selling.
96! Manchester lO6l(949)Montal!ada. 101
967 Alvarado 98 924 Ad. Buchanan. lCO
9«5 Major Coot 103 957 Walter J 100
(957)Ve.agua 104 907 Unity 98
Charlie 800t5... 98 958 Doyle.. 102
964 Logan 108 j
«
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAT.
First race— Lucky Star, Nuncomar,
Chappie.
Second race — Adam Andrew, Gran
dezia, Xervoso.
Third race— Tom Elmore, Two Cheert,
Pollock.
Fourth rice- tlsmore, Salabar, Mlsg
Dividend.
Fifth race— William Plukerton, Ricar
do, Howard.
Sixth race — Addle Buchanan, Montal
laile, Vnitv
TEIENDS OF CHILDREN.
What the Eureka Society Has Done.
Many Members Elected.
The Eureka Society for the Prevention
of Cruelty to Children held its monthly
meeting yesterday afternoon in room 96,
Donohoe building, Mrs. John Pettee in
the chair, F. A. Holbrook secretary.
From the report presented it appeared
that 71 complaints were received and 6f>
were investigated. These involved 95
children. Of this number 18 were re
lieved, 12 were placed in institutions for
the care of minors, 2 were placed in fami
lies and 3 were referred to the Associated
Charities. There were eight prosecutions
and a conviction in each case.
The names of 85 persons were presented
for membership and all were elected.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 6, 1897.
HIS NERVOUSNESS
SAVED HIS LIFE
John O'Meara's Unsuccess
ful Attempt at
Suicide.
Was Assistant Cashier of the
New York Life Insur
ace 3 Company.
Overwork Drove Hm Temporarily
Insane— His Wound Not Con
sidered Dangerous.
Overwork, continued on week days and
on Sundays, broke down the constitution
of young John E. O'Meara, assistant
cashier of the New York Life Insurance
Company, and hi 3 mind gave way under
the strain.
That is why he attempted to kill him
self yesterday b? firing a bullet in the di
rection of his heart. Being nervous the
muzzle of the revolver wobbled and the
bullet, after entering below the left nipple,
was deflected by a rib from its inward
course and passed downward between the
skin and the rib, Emerging: about four
inches below the point of entranca.
He walked into his office, room 20, In
the Mills building, at 9 o'clock in the
morning and seemed to be in his usual
spirits. Cnshier Fred G. Redding was en
gaged in looking over the morning's mail
in the adjoining room. O'Meara had not
been in room 20 for more than five min
utes when Mr. Redding heard the report
o! a pistol. He ran in and saw O'Meara
lying on the floor with a revolver beside
him. His office coat and shirt on the left
side were blood stained.
"I wish to make a dying statement,"
said O'Meara, "and that is that I am not
short 1 cent in my account?."
Mr. Redding helped the young man to
rise to his feet and assisted him to a lounge
in Manager McLane's room.
In the meantime, the report of the
revolver had attracted the attention of
several persons passing along the corridor,
and in response to their demands for ad
mission, Mr. Redding ordered them off
the premises. He denied that any one had
been shot or that a firearm had been Gis
charged at all. This falsehood naturally
caused the bystanders to be;ieve that Mr.
Redding was trying to conceal a crime,
and they went down stairs and called for
the police. Mr. Kedd:ng attempted to
keep out even the police, but the three
patrolmen who were summoned by the
alarm convinced him that they had aright
to investigate an affair which lrom the
mystery sought to be thrown around it
might have been an attempt at murd r.
Young o' jleara was able to walk with
out difficuay and was escorted to the Oc
cidental Hotel, and shortly afterward to
room 51 in the Lck Honbe, where Drs. P.
J. H. Farrell. E. N. Johnson and W. E.
Martin examined the- wounJ and dressed
it. He was then removed in a hack to
his residence, on the southwest corner of
Bush and Laguna streets, where be re
sides vrith his parents and his sister.
Wflen the reporters called at the office
of the New York Life Insurance Company
they were told by Mr. Redding and every
one else of whom tney inquired that there
was no truth whatever in the report that
a pistol had been h'red or that any one
had been shot. Charles A. McLane,
agency director for the company, how
ever, was wise enough to make a plain
statement, which made the attempts at
mystery on the part of the ethers all the
more ridiculous.
He denied that young O'Meara had
been short In his accounts. The books
had been experted only two or three
weeks ago, and the account? of the assist
ant cashier were found absolutely correct.
O'Meara had Deen working very hard and
his nervous system had begun to break
down, bo much so that tie was given a va
cation. He came back from his vacation
about three weeks ago, and there was not
much improvement in his condition. Re
cently a physician bad been prescribing
for him.
The pistol with which the shooting was
done belonged to McLane, and was left in
a drawer in his office. The drawer was
not locked, and O'Meara under a mo-,
mentary attack of insanity seized it and
shot himself.
"I came back from the East recently,"
added Mr. McLane, "and I greeted
O'Meara very cordially. That, perhaps,
may have made him suspect that he was
not giving satisfaction or that there was
something wrong about his accounts. He
had been worrying lately about some
missing vouchers lor something like 10 or
15 cents apiece, paid to agents for postage,
etc., and which the agents had neglected
to send. He had the handling of pre
miums paid in and checks, so that if
there was a shortage it could not have
been large. But there was no shortage
whatever. He was oversensitive, and his
nerves were unstrung. That was what w^s
the matter v.ith him."
Mr. and Mrs. O'Meara and Migs O'Meara
declined to allow the reporters to sea the
wounded man. They said his mind had
given way temporarily on account of over
work. They said he worked ap to 10
o'clock nearly every night, and that he
worked on Sundays as well. He had been
under the care of Dr. Leonard lor some
weeks, they said.
Miss O'Meara, hi 9 sister, said his actions
and speech recently showed bo much de
rangement that she had intended to have
had him examined yesterday evening to
ascertain whether ho was sane or not.
Tiie young man had been connected
with the New York Life Insurance Com
pany for many years, beginning work
there as an office boy. He had held the
position of assistant cashier lor about
three years.
NOTHING CAN BE DONE
The People Who Blew Vp Heidtman'g
-.il-.i.n Will Go Scot Free.
Fire Marsha! Towe is 'as much in a
quandary over the explosion that shat
tered C. F. Heidtman's saloon at Folsom
and Twenty-sixth streets Tuesday morn
ing as he was when Georpe Carroll's drug
store blew up one month ago at Hayes
and Market streets.
"I can make no arrests in these cases,"
stated the marshal yesterday, "for I have
no absolute proof of guilt on which to con
vict.
"As a matter of fact Heidtman's place
was blown up by means of dynamite, and
everything would indicate that it was not
au accident. Tbis morning I found empty
shells six inches lons, that must have con
tained some explosive, in the ruins of the
building. Heidtman declares that these
shells never were in bis possession.
"I find also that Henry Webner, the
barkeeper, tells a rather nsuy story of his
connection with tbe tire and explosion.
He first claimed to bave been knocked
out of bed, burned and badly bruised. In
that condition he says he ran four blocks
to Heidtmar.'s house. Several witnesses
testify that immediately alter the explo
sion Wehner was fully dressed and on "the
street.
"However, tbe proof of|cuilt is not suffi
ciently strong for me to charge these
people with arson."
The fac-simile y^ y/VA . j^** *■ on ever y wrapper >
signature of Wta&}f7<cuc«#ti of CASTOEIA. r
A DAY OF SHARP
LEGAL FENCING
Notarial Blanks Are Not
Yet Evidence in the
Fair Case.
Attorneys for Mrs. Craven
Cleverly Outpoint the Op
posing Forces.
C erk Stanford of the H. S. Crocker
Company Was on the Stani
Throughout the Session.
To the uninitiated observer aud listener
yesterday's proceedings in the Fair-
Craven case were dull and devoid of
interest. Just one witness, William E.
Stanford of the H. S. Crocker Company,
occupied the stand throughout the day,
and his was not a new face, for it had
been seen in court on the two previous
days of the hearing ami both .times as a
witness. And besides his testimony de
veloped nothing of a startling value.
But, while the case was apparently
dragging and droning and the same ques
tions were seemingly being asked over
and over again, and the same arguments
being made by the attorneys, there was
an undercurrent— purely technical and at
timesalmost indistinguishable— in motion
which when analyzed exposed one of the
prettiest contests of legal fencing that has
taken place in a local courtroom for years.
In fact one of the most important battles
of the trial was waging, and while victory
seems to perch upon the defense's stand
ard tne smoke has not yat cleared away
and there will bs more of it to-day when
Judge Slack bugles the charge.
It was ail over the attempts of the at
torneys for executors of the Fair estate —
the plaintiffs in this action to determine
the validity of Mrs. Nettie Craven's deeds
to two valuable parcels of property claimed
by the estate— to squeeze in evidence that
was declared by the court to be inadmis
sible.
They tried and tried, by every hook
and crook, by every play known to the
game of law, to achieve their purpose, and
were still pegging away when the adjourn
ment was taken.
It was thus that the entire day slipped
away and nothing was accomplished prac
tically, save the masterly defense put ud
by the attorneys for Mrs. Craven, led by
D. M. Delmas.
The evidence sought to be Interjected
was that by which the plaintiff's side de
sired to prove thai Notary J. J. Cooney's
acknowledgments of Mrs. Craven's deeds
were executed on blanks that were printed
by the Crocker establishment several
months after the date of those acKnowl
edgments and at a time when Cooney had
ceased to be a notary. This evidence
comprises copies of those blanks, and
proofs also, w:»ich are alleged to show
typographical defects peculiar only to the
series printed on that subsequent date.
The story of the plaintiffs s-ide is that
Captain Lees of the Police Department
and others discovered these defects, and
that Witness Stanford also noted them.
Attorney McEnerney's energies were cen
tered in endeavoring to prove the alleged
fact by Stanford, and thus save Lees from
tbe torture of the witnest-stand. It seems
to be a foregone conclusion that the new
Chief of Police will not take the stand un
less his presence is absolutely necessary,
for everybody knows that be will De in for
a great scorching at the bands of the de
fense if he takes the step. This because
the charge has already been made by the
attorneys for Mrs. Craven that Lees and
other officers under him, ia the employ of
the City, have been taking sides in the
case, despite the fact that it is merely a
civil proceeding.
But Stanford was not equal to the occa
sion and the day was lost to the plain
tiffs. This witness was williug enough,
but his testimony proved to be of a hear
say nature anu was therefore not ad
mitted despite the frantic efforts made to
net it in.
Attorney Pieraon was still on the sick
list when court opened yesterday morn
ing, so Garret McEnerney acted as chief
counsel and questioner for the plaintiffs.
Judge Denson aid the cross-examining
for the defense during the forenoon, but
was succeeded in the later session by Mr.
Delmas. Stanford's testimony under the
forenoon cross-examination was in chief
as to the details of conducting the legal
blank department in the Crocker estab
lishment
Ou redirect examination Stanford pro
duced a copy of a notarial blank that was
printed after January 8, 1896. It went
into evidence without objection.
An effort was then made to put into evi
dence Stanford's order-book, but an objec
tion met it, ana there was quite an argu
ment. As it was now tim 3 for the noon
recess, Judge SlacK said he would not de
cide the point until court reconvened.
In the afternoon he gave his ruling on
the objection to the offer ot the entry
book. His Honor said he had carefully
looked up the authorities, and was satis
fied that the objection to the book was
good and should be sustained.
Mr. McEnerney essayed by several dif
ferent routes known to the craft to get the
book in, but ull to no purpose. The book
had to stay out.
Stanford was asked to positively identify
the proof of an acknowledgment blank
that was printed on or about the Bth of
January, 1896. In doing this he endeav
ored to get in some additional evidence,
and had to be admonished by the court.
Stanford then said he could only recog
nize and identify the proof because he re
membered having looked it up in Novem
ber, 1896, for Attorney Pierson, and hav
ing with him compared it with a blank
thai had been used as the original copy.
Mr. McEnsrney then offered the proof in
evidence, but met with another objection.
An argument followed in which Messrs.
Delmas, Wheeler and McEnerney indulged
in some clever legal fencing. Mr. Mc-
Enerney announced that he proposed to
prove the proof of ihe copies printed in
January, 1896, would show certain defects
in type and general construction that ap
pear on the Cooney acknowledgment al
leged to have been executed in Septem
ber, 1894. This, he declared, would be
strong evidence ttat the deeds held by
Mrs. Craven were not genuine.
Mr. Delmas objected to this statement.
He said Mr. McEnerney had no right to
talk that way in the presence of the jury.
"A superficial scrutiny of this proof and
blank," he said, "will render what was a
bungling imitation appear to be identical.
Others have made a more careful ex
amination of them than has Mr. Mc-
Enernoy and have found them to be
wholly different— and a very poor imita
tion at that. What does this witness
know about this proof? He cannct Bwear
that it is a proof at all. He says he found
it in a package in the printing-room and
does not know whether it is the original
proof or one put there subsequently for a
purpose. ''
Judge Slack ruled that Mr. Delmas was
right and would not admit the proof.
Stanford now went DacK to Mr. Delmas
for another siege of cross-examination.
In answer to that gentleman* questions
he said that some time after Mr. Pierson
visited the stationery-store C. H. Crocker
directed him to open some packages of
the reserve stock of acknowledgment
blanks and furnish him with samples.
These packages were kept in a bir. at the
rear of the store. The blanks were
wrapped iv ordinary nianiila paper, the
corners being held down by blotches of
seaiing-wax. Ttiere were no identification
impressions on this wax. The bin, too,
was open and unlocked, and the witness
admitted that there would bo nothing to
prevent their removal by any one so dis
posed connected with the establishment.
The witness did not see the blanks in
question printed. Tney were delivered to
him by Foreman Yon Ahn of the print
ing department, already wrapped, num
bered and sealed.
Stanford, replying now to Mr. McEn
erney's queries, said he and Captain Lees
examined these blanks several weeks
after Mr. Pierson's visit with a magnify
ing glass. A question as to what this ex
amination disclosed was sliut off by an
objction, Mr. Delmas showing the court
that it vras a violation of the rules of evi
dence. The original document would
have to be produced, so the jury could
make the comparisons and conclude as to
the disclosures; otherwise it would have
to be ordered that tnose particular blanks
had been lost or destroyed.
Mr. McEnerney tried to get relief by ask
ing Stanford regarding the whereabouts of
i Muse blanks, but failed again, as Stanford
could not state where they were. He
only supposed that Mr. Pierson had them.
After quite a deal of sparrinir McEn
erney got the witness to sny that there was
a defective letter "o" in the blanks
printed on January 8, 1896, and that this
was the subject of several conversations
between himself and Mr. Crocker and be
tween himself and Captain Leee.
An adjournment was here taken until
this morning.
HIS WIFE NOT JEALOUS.
Sirs. Is. B. Goldberg Without Doubt
Took Carbolic Acid Through
Mistake.
L. B. Goldberg, whose wife took carbolic
acid with supposed suicidal intent on ac
count of jealousy during- a recent trip of
tbe husband to Salt Lake, denies and
quotes good authority for hia denial
either tbat he had taken another woman
with nua to Salt Lake or that his wife
(suspected him of iniidelity or knew that
she was taking poison.
Me says that his wife and he had been
in the habit of gargling, using twenty
drops of the acid in a tumblerful of water
for sore throa:; that on the ni^ht in ques
tion she gargled with a slightly larger
quantity than usual and left the glass and
the remainder of the water on the table
near the bed, nnd growing thirsty during
the nijrht drank it without thinking that
it was the water she had used for sore
throat.
A Snioker and Joker.
To-morrow evening Harmony Lodge No. 9,
A. O. U. \V., will give its first invitation
smoker und joker in the Social Hall of the
Alcazar building. The committee having
charge of the aff.tir is composed of Taomas
Ryan, C. 8. Perm and Dr. F. F. Lord, and it
promises to all who have been invited un en
tertainment that will give the greatest satis
faction.
Holt's Blackjack Wounded Aloriarty.
John Moriarty hes sued Isaac Holt for $5150
damages. Mr. Jloriarty claims that one day
last month Mr. Holt struck him seven or eight
blows on the head with a club commonly
known as a "blackjack," causing wounds that
penetrated to tne skull. He demands the
amount here mentioned as a balm to his hurts.
I'ailure of a .-ainci .- Keeper.
Andrew Coleman, a saloon-keeper, has filed
a petition in insolvency, lie owes £3013 62,
and has real estate in Los Angeles, fcan .Diego
and San Mateo worth $1000.
KEW TO-DAT.
NO a-a /
MORE 0m
DHEMrwr
OF
THE DENTAL CHAIR
•oa ■■ gp ■ ■ Extracted Without Pain.
I |_ |_ I U Filled Without Pain.
I PP I II Crowned Without Pain.
I La La I 1 1 Bridge Work Without Pain.
These are the only dental rarlors In San Fran-
cisco that have the paieut appliances and Ingre-
dients to f-xtract, nil or apply sold crowns and
porcelain crowns nndetectaole from natnral teeth
and warranted for ten year^ without the least par-
ticle ol pain. We are not competing wltn cheap
dental establishments, but with first-clags dentists
at prices less than half those charged by them.
For the purpose of at once Hpri aging Into
prominence, until .May 20 we will make
FULL SET OF TKETH f0r...... ; $5.00
GOLD CROWNS, '22k..: 4 00
BKIDGE WOKK, per Tooth 4 OJ
ISILVKK F1LL1NG...... ....25s up
GOLD FILLING.. .*. 75c up
CLEANING TKKTH 50c
By leaving order for Teeth In the morning you
can gel them tne same day. * •
No charge for Extracting Teeth when plates are
ordered.
Work done as well at night as by day-
light by tbe modern electrical devices
ugett here.
VAN VROOM ELECTRO-
DENTAL PARLORS,
997 Market St.
Three Skilled Operators. Laly Attendants.
German and Krench spoken. Open Evenings till
8; Sundays. 9 till 12. All surgical work; done by
G. Yv\ Williamson, M.D.
"doctor swe an y, "
Whose Reputation Ik Egtablighed by
Ten Years of Unparalleled Success
• at 737 Market Street, San Francisco
The ablest and most successful specialist of
the age in the trea'ment of all Chronic Nerv-
ous and Private Diseases of both Men and
SYomeu. All diseases of the Eye, Ear, Head,
Throat, Lungs, Stomach, ; Liver , and Bowels,
.Kidney, Bladder and Urinary Troubles. Rup-
ture, Catarrh, Elles, Eczema and Varicocele
treated with unfailing success. Diseases of
womau peculiar to her sex scientifically treated
and permanently cured. Loss or partial los 3 of
manly power and visor in young, nrddle-aced
or old men positively restored. Weakening
drains which sap the yitalitv, destroy the
health, cause paralysis, jusauity and prema-
ture death, quickly and permanently stopped.
Private diseases of every name and nature
cured without leaving any bad effects, and
that disease which poisons the blood, decays
the bones and cause* more physlcnl and men-
tal suffering than any other known disease
thoroughly and forever cured. : •;i > % ;■■
• Heart, Brain, Nerves and Blood.
If you have a dizziness of the head and pal-
pitation of the heart, difficult treHthing and
suffocating feeling, a tired, irritable discon-
tented feeling, and a fearjof ioopendingdanger
or death, a dread of being alone or the reverse;
i I your memory is failing and you are gloomy
and despondent and feel an aversion to so-
ciety, you are suffering from a disease which
may soon prove very serious. You have no
time to lose. .
■ Write your troubles if living awny from the
city. Thousands cured at home. Letters are
answered in all foreiern languages. - Corre-
spondence strictly confidential. Book, Guide
to Health, sent free on aDplicatiop. Address,
F. L. SWEANY, M.D.,
737 Market San Francisco, Cal. ,
NEW TO-DAT-DRT GOODS.
STARTLING REDUCTIONS!
To keep up the tremendous rush of customers that is making
the GREAT UNLOADING SALE OF OUR GIGANTIC OVERSTOCK
OF SPRING GOODS so overwhelmingly successful we present a
few of
TO-DAY'S ASTOUNDING BARGAINS!
COLORED DRESS GOODS!
9X P — 79 pieces 36-INCH ALL-WOOL OXFORD CHECKS, regular price 50c, on
£i<J\j special sale at 25c a yard.
9Xp-57 pieces 52-INCH GOOD ALL-WOOL SCOTCH CHEVIOT CHECKS, regu-
OO\j lar price 75c, on special sale at 35c a yard.
SILK DEPARTMENT !
QXp— 3oo yards BROCADED FRENCH CREPE, in Cardinal, Lavender, Pink and
OuLi Purpie, lormer price $2, wiil De closed out ai 030 a yard.
LADIES' GOWNS!
XAp— so dozen LADIES' GOWNS, made of heavy minlin, trimmed with embroid-
J"v cry, very slightly soiled, regular prices 75c, $1, $1 25 and $1 50, will be placed
on our center table at £0c this day.
RIBBONS! RIBBONS !
81p— No. 16 2-INCH ALL-SILK COLORED SATIN AND GROS-GRAIN RIBBON,
3V in assorted colors, value 12J^c, will be offered at B;^c a yard.
lAp— No. 22 2><-INCH ALL SILK, COLORED SATIN AN*D GROS-GRAIN RIB-
1-Vvj JBON, iv assorted colors, vaiue 20c, will be offered at 10c a yar^l.
lOlp-No. 30 3] 2 -INCH ALL-SILK, COLORED SATIN AND GROS-GRAIN RIB-
xLi-^j BON, in assorted colors, value 25c, will be offered at li^c a yard.
1 Xp— No. 22 2J4-INCH ALL-SILK COLORED TAFFETA MOIRE RIBBON, value
xuij 25c, will be closed out at Ijc a yard.
OAp— No. 30 3K-INCH ALL-SILK COLORED TAFFETA MOIRE RIBBON, value
£-\J\j 35c, will be closed out at 20c a yard.
2~p— No. 60 4-INCH ALL-SILK COLORED TAFFETA MOIRE RIBBON, value
'Jvj 4jc, will be closed out at 25c a yard.
LADIES' KID GLOVES!
XKp— loo dozen 6BUTTON LENGTH MODSQUETAIRE CHAMOISE-SKIN
OO\j GLOVES, in white and natural colors, on special sale at 55c a pair.
XX p— loo dozen 3-CLASP CHAMOIS SKIN GLOVES, in white and natural colors,
itO\j on special sale at 55c a pair.
LADIES' WOOL VESTS!
XAp— 9o dozen LADIES' RIBBED WOOL VESTS, natural, pink and cream, gocd
O\J\j value for 75c, will be offered at 50c oach.
DRESS SKIRTS AND CAPES!
CO OX— LADIES' FANCY CHECK DRESS SKIRTS, double lined and velvet
«p — .UO bound, worth $4 50; sale price $2 95.
QO XA~ LADIES' BLACK GRENADINE CAPES, double lined with silk in as-
«pO»uU sorted colors, Empire front and pleated back, richiv trimmed with ribbon
bows and lace, latest styles, worth $10 50; sale price $8 50.
I mf M MURPHY BUILDING, /
[/[/ Martet Street, Comer of lw\ - /
, ■ ■ San. Francisoo.
ttf GOIiDBJJ Ft.TTI-iE BA.ZA.^LXI.. ff
1 Positively Last Week! !
I— ~ i : — hi
][[ OXJPI GREAT ][
£ Reorganization Sale g
6 "Will Continue 6
ONE WEEK LONGER !
<> DO3STT 3ytISS IT.- 9
:I.vS>o«aai_j ;
i in
718-722 MARKET ST. AND 23-27 GEARY ST. ( J
Close one eyeanothenthe other
IF Y9U CANNOT SEE EQUALLY WELL BOTH NEAR.
AND FAR CALL AND SEE US.
OPTICIANS photo^^ lies
; yi, ■OciENTific Instruments w,
642 Market St: vF
UNDixCHRoniCIE BUILDING^
SDR. HILLS REmiGOnTO* .'
Five hundred reward for any case w»
cannot cure. THIS SECBETHEJI-
BuY stops nil losses In 24 hour*,
cures Emissions, Impotency, Vartco-
cele, Gonorrhoea, Gleet, Fits, Btrl>
tares. Blood • Disease and all wastlnj
effects of • -cit' Abnse or - Kxceasaj.
Seuc bealed. $'i per bottle. I'HRiiJ
i COTTLES, 55- ■ guaranteed to car* any case.'
Bit HALL'S UEMCAL INSTITUIJH
b65 Broadway. Oakland. CaL
All priv» Olseases «olcJ(ly cured. **ad fat
&m boob
#♦»♦»♦»»♦♦♦♦»♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦»
♦ Dr. Martin's I
x *
I Pain Curer
♦ Is Hot Stuff, ;
T Bat Will Not Blister or Barn. £
* For internal use, diluted with water, it *
# is an agreeable medicine to take ....♦:
♦ 35c, 60c and SI Per Bottle. j
t AUdrpcgifltsselllt. %
! !***«***♦♦«♦+»♦»♦%*******£
Hu7uH»Yni ! ; Toroat, ri:;ir;.'3 Copper-18l
BtiAlC'lUU Colored Spots, Achps, Old Bores!H|
■Ucers in 51 out Hair-Kalling! "VVrito COOKSSI
■ KUtKDV CO., SOT Masonic Templeffi
HjChlcairo, 111., for proofs of cores. ('upl-KS
Btal, eSOOjOOO. Worst cases cured in IoH
Mto 35 day. IOQ-page book free. Hg
910
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD
SUMJIABV OF THE MAKKIiTS.
Silver firmer.
Wheat quiet.
Some sales of Brewing Barley.
Oats Corn and Rye unchaujed.
Beans and b^edsdull.
Green Peas decliniDg.
More new Oat hay In.
Eggs firm. Butter and Cheese steady.
Poultry unchanged.
Charriesand Stran terries lower.
Dried Fruits the same.
Provlslous quiet.
New York Exchcnse lower.
Kxplanatlon.
The arrow flies «itli the wind. The top figures
at station Indicate maximum temperature for the
days: those undtrneatli it. if any. ttie amount of
rainfall, of nielteU snow in inches and bundredtbs,
during tlie pas; twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connfet po!n s of eciua! ;ii: pressure; iso
therms, or doited lines, equal temperature. Hie
word •■h-.cli" moans liich liarometrlc pressure and
Is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by oloudv weatlierand rains.
"Lows' 1 usually first appear on the Washington
coast. When the jiressure is blgil in the interior
and low alo:ie the coast, and the isobars extend
north and south itlonir the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "low is inclosed with isobar, of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is Improb
able. With a "his;li" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California < -oast, warmer
weather may be expected 111 .summer and colder
weather 111 winter. The reverse of thesecotidltioas
will produce an opposite result.
W£ATHER BUREAU KKPORT.
United STATICS DKPARTVKVT OF AnßlCfl
tuke, Weaihkk Xi kkat, San Fbancisco,
May 5, 1897. 5 i>. Sf Th; to] owing are the ralu
fals tor ilie past. 24 hour* nnd seasonal rainfalls
to date, as compared with those of the same date
las: season:
> ureka. pisr 24 hours .01, th's sensoa 49 27,
last season 48.49; lied Blnff. past 24 hours .00,
this season -J4.08, lest seasoa '20.88: -a: Fran
cisco, p: s 24 hours .03, tfus season 23.81, last
season -0 57; Fresno, past J4 hours .00, this sea- .
son 10.53, last season S. 18; San i-u;s Obiapo.
past 24 hours .00, tills teason 20.71, last season
17,t5-'; Los .\ngees, past 24 hours .00, this sea
son 16.80, last season 9.07: «an L»iego, past 24
hours .00, tii'S i-easou 11.(57, las: soisoa 5.92:
S'unia, past 24 hours .00, ilm season .''•.35, laststa
-6011 .8»
>an l-'ranc 'lata: Maximum temperature 56,
miiiimuru 47. mean 52.
WeaihPr conditions and general forpcaus:
Tbe pressure has f*llen rapidly during the past
tuc!:ry l.ours over Waaiiington aud i>rvi;ou.
A weii-mai area of low pressure lisa tO-nlgbt
over ihe ncrthwesteru portion of the country, «nrt
conditions are f±vor,ib;t> tor a break in the long
nr>e lof iirv weather. Ku:n has already fallen in
light .-iiowrrs over Washingion, urecon »nd
>ortbwestern California; aud the conditions are
such that further chowerj are likely. Thunder
storm." are reported at Spolcane and Walla Walla.
The t-mp'-rature has fallen over >oiitnern Oreeoii
and Northeastern California. Th» following maxi
inuiii wind velocities are reported: Fort can by,
•-8 miles per hour from the ea-t; -kane. '6'i
somh: Winnemiicra, "_'6 eouthwesc; Carson. 26
gnmhwest; Hed JiiuiV, 26 soutneas .
Forecast made at -nn Francisco tor thirty hours
endlnu miduiunt. May 6. 1897:
Northern Ciliforma— Cloudy weather, with rain
In northern portion Thursday; possibly thunder
showers: frt-sii •iiii;licr!y winds.
sou. hern California— Fair Thursday; westerly
win ls.
Nevada— Showers Thursday morning and after
noon in noriht-rn portion, fair in southern portion;
cooler central auu ease
Utah — CiOudy we«ther Thnrsday: probably
showers Thursday Dl#ht; | ossibly thunder-storm;
cooler north luiir-(iay and in the whole Mat*
Thursday ni^ht.
Aiizona— J-air Thur day; continued warm
weal her.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy weather
Thursiay with condi ions favorab for light
show<r< In tlie morning; southerly winds.
ALKi>>'HKK MtAi'iK. I.OLiii t orec Ullicial.
>UV XUKK MARKETS.
KEW TOBK, N. V., May 6.-The Stock Ex
change opened with pr.cea generally slightly
lower than last nights close ou protit-taKlng.
Sugar was off 1 i-j on heavy dealings.
■lock trading became Jvcldcdiy erratic, changes
In th? tariff scatduU-s bein^ responsible for
marjcfd movements in either direction >ucar
and Lead uioved up l',« and I*.^ respectively.
Kenewed realizing iv bugar lorced the price down
to litii At auout 11 a. it. the list generally
ea*ed eft', depression in the Uould aecur.ties accel
leraimi; the leactlon.
The market subsided Into dalness after 11
o'clock, but wa.i fairly steady, except tiusnr. which
fluctuated erra icai.y .itiln a narrow range.
To-day's sto.-.< market was He logical sequence
of ye»tercli.y'.t covt-nng of 'shoiti," icularly
In Sugar Kelining. Yesterday derrivea tlie
mr.r.et of about the only support it enjoys. The
biocks bougnt yetterdoy because ot a .tpesm of
enthusiasm caused by the senate Finance (_oin
mittee's modification ot the tariff bill were fur
Bale piomp.ly at the opening Hi mornln;, as
London >Uil not re<ponl to the improvement here
yeserday, and to. e. >i nouses also sold upou a
liberal scale. .Nol, om,- dil yesteeiay'-t enthusi
asm disappear, but tLe beariih leeJinc engendered
by the advice* lroru ,v ashtrigiuii th.n the Hciua»
v\ 011. .1 contest man,-' of the changes in the tariff
bill proposed by tue.isejiate. In the a'.teruoon the
proiestlnnal element sold the market 0.1 the
theory that tne differences between the two
J-iouses of Congress regarding the urliT mlsrht de
lay the passage oi tho bill for several month*.
Sugar, which supplied more than 25 percent of
the tran tactions, lost two-thirds of yesterday's ad
vance, closin* at. a vet decline of 2 points Hud
aon anJ all the Goild s'.ocits were exceptloiiA 1 .
wean. The sustained net decline was from li/g
points in Missouri Pac:h'c to i:; 4 points in WesL
ern Union. '1 he decline iv Am ■ fcaa Tobacco was
a triaiii'-d to the prob»ule retirement from the
directorate at tin annu»l njee.in.- of the Htock
holderg uext week 01 two or thre>- manutficturers
prominent in th- nianagem":^. A report waa cir
cnlaied that erToris were being made to form a
anti-gold exporting comoluation among the
principal drawers of foreUn excnani;e. But so far
as learned there is no basis for the repur;. Asa
matter 01 fact the preseni ra:es for sterling make
It hardly worth while to deny the possibility of a
new agreHiuo.it. Money on call is iVa(g»l% per
cent: time money, sixty days, 2 perc«ut:'tnree
and four months. \i\ jicr cc.it; mo it as. 6 per
cc.it. and the balance of the ye.tr 3y» percent,
and li months, 4 per c-fnt on /ooi mTxed Stocn
tic!ian;e oiutersi. Commercial pap^r Is quiet:
prime Indorsed bils receivable. Si/b'-^-'U per cent;
choice prime single names. 3%@«"per ceni; ,ood
nam>-s. 4@5 per cent. B erliug KXC&aage Is weak
and lowei. Continental haustß is dull. I'osted
asking rates for Hierling, $4 87 for long bills and
$4 B*V<i '°r demand. AC'uai rates long bills,
*4Sb@4 K6V4; sUbt drafts, $4 87t04 8714- and
cable trans:er.», S4 >il\Uq,\ 3 /2- J'omestiu ex
change on New York and San Francisco, sight
I^VSj c premium: telegraph, 15c premium.
' Wheat nnd Flour..
WBKAT- 10:30 11:00 12:00 1:00 2:10
M«y 7C»4 765/ 8 76% 77y 8 775/ 8
Jnly 74% -7o 751/4 -7&S/,, 756/ 8
September 7& 71% 7-V* : 72»/ 7-1/8
December.... .. 73Vi 73y 4 73^8 ■'3»^ 74V«
(■pot. quiet: f.o. b. afloat No. 1 Northern spring
New YorK, 79%e;,N0. 1 Northern spring, Dulutb,
80y*c:' N.i. 3 hard winter, 7e5, c; No. 2 hard
winter, 7 S/8-- hale* 15. .000 b»au«,s.
Future c.oiiug: May, 776/ c: June. 76% c; July,
FINANCIAL. ;
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WHEELOCK & CO.,
4 Leidesdorff St., Tel. Main 1954.
< KNTHA I. omci
623 Market St., I'alace Hotel. l ur ly & Atkinson,
Maua.ers. Tel. Main 5141. ■ :-'.-.r_
Uptown Office— Uald win Hotel (adjoining Grill
ituoinj. Te! Main lJi)l.
PURDY. ATKINSON & CLAPP, Managers.
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo-
tations. lUference Ist National Bank, 8. V.
CHICAGO. . tKIVATE WlttJS. YORK.
76% c: September, 72iAc; Octobor. 72% c; Decem
bt-r. 74V B e.
Fl-OUK-Fairly active. Pprlng, In bbls. : No. 2
extra. $3 30@3 40: No. 1 extra. $3 50@3 76;
straights, $3 bl)@4 Oft: patents, $4 20(gj4 30.
GKAIX l-15Klt.ilTS-.New "xorit to Liverpool,
by steam, I'd.
Dried Fruits.
RAISINS — Rather morn active. California.
50-lb boxes, 2%c: crown, 4(ffi&si.c; seeded, 7»4@
bV»c: seedless muscatels. sVa@ a %°
CURRANTS— UVre tirn.i'i : upward tendency
c»i:ss some speculative buvlng. Prices quoted :
4%@5i4 > ? In barrels: s@syic In cases: cleaned
bulic, si.' S @6c: cartons, «S(oi7Vsc.
PRUMisi— Firm, dulL *'uniornia, 25-tt> boxes,
4@7VaC: 50- lb boxes, 3y 2 @7c.
APKICOT>— F.i riv aciive and steady. Califor
nia, t.oxi-8. !'<g:lsc: bags, B!s lie, V . ;
P£..iCH. r>— California, vii) ee!ed, bass, 6@B^<jC:
boxes, 7y @9Vic: peoltxl. lU@l2c.
l-'lLiss— rin er, demand tive. iancy ordinary,
12@lSc: lancy wasn°d, 21@24c.
DaTBP— Poor demand, easier. Persian, 60- 1b
boxes, 2ii.(g ) o-'Vic: lard, boxes. 4%tfljsc; cases,
5y 2( g>-sc.
CITRON — Dull, firm, ll@l2y 2 c for fancy boxes.
w I.NCTS -California standard, bVic; »of:
shell, Be.
ALMONDS-Shelled, 160>S9c-
Prndnce.
PBOVIBIONS— LardL dul'. weak. Prime, $1 25.
PORK— I- iim but quiet. Mess. $8 75@U iis.
TALI.O\V-3y B r.
II iliKn— Galveston, 14c; L'uenos Ayres, dry,
li>Vi©2oc.
Mi<AK-R«w, dull, firm: refi tied active, iirm;
88-degree, 2%: 96-degree. 3yi@3 5-16 c.
. IM'TTh.R— Creamery, Western, 17a
K<;<.S— Maie, fresh cathered, lOi/ic. P
PETROLEUM— New 1 ork renn $6 25: PhH
adelphia and Baltimore refined, $t5 20; refined in
bulk. *3 70.
LEATHER— HemIock sole, Buenos Ayres, lttfht
to heavy weights. 20@.'lc: acid. 20uA'23.
HOPS— rrODOf '35, JVa(t»<> 1 ': 'i>o, 6(3>10c; coast
'95, 3@6c; coast '9t>, 6@liy.jC.
WouL— Quiet domes. ic fleece, j6@2lc; pulled,
15(S-00.
Metal*.
PIO TlN— Firm; straits. $13 15®13 25.
Stocks and .Bonds.
Opening. Closing.
American Sugar f 1 16 7a «115 62y 3
American Sugar Pfd 108 75
American Totiacco 69 60 68 76
Amoncan Spirit Mig Co 10 871/ a 10 V 6
Aichlson lOS7Vj 1025
l>ay Gas 9 25
Canadian Paiitic
Central Pacific.
Chicago Has. 82 50 K3UO i
C. B. <fc Q 73 75 73 37V
Con. Gas 162 00
l ordace
Cordage Pfd
Denver & Kio Grande Pfa.
De!;ivv«re «£ Lackawana.... — — — '
l-.rie 12 12V4 1
Fcrt Wayne. 170 00
General Electric 8150
Hocking Valley
Jerser le-itrai 79 50 78 f>o
Kansas <fe Texas. Pfd 27 313 27 S7i&
Lake Shore 162
Louisville it -Nashville 4i37V* 43 75
Mar.natlan Co:i 83 M* 82 37%
Missouri l'acifi.- 13 00 12 12y«
National L-ad 24 i'Jl^ 2:60
New Haven 16S 00
New York <fc .New Kng!anl.
New York central 99 si< s 9 oo
North Pac;:ic
North Paci Pfd 84 62ya
Nonhwestern „ 104 6U 10375
North American 3 75
Oregon .Navigation. .. - 1000
Oreaon Navigation. Pid 4.') On
Pacific Mail 27 50 27 25
Pullman
Quicksilver (Con Exchnge). 100 00
Rock Island l>2 50
Heading 1887 - IS2B
Southern Pacific ' 15 50
Paul 16 25 72 76
Texas Pacific. 8 50
I Tetinesse.- Coil <fc Iron 19 87ya 19 371/3
! Union Pacific 5 62Va
U. S. Leather
I". 8. Leather, Pfd 5 ' . r >o f>3 00
Western Union • 77 75 76 1 ul'g
Wabash, Pfd
Bar silver $ 60 '•/$
sterling on London, 60days 4 87
Sterling on London, sight 4 8-y 2
(7. S. ji'a, recl«iered 96 00
U. s. 4's, new 12M 00
r. S, 4's, new, coupon 1-3 0')
U.a'4'a 11l 00
U. S. 4's. coup 112 IVVi
U. S. £>'* 113 371/2
U. S. s's, coupon 113 37y 3
CiIICAUO MAKKETS.
CHICAGO, In.. ilay s.— Provisions opened
lower and fairly active. The toniinued heavy re
ceiits of live hogs and tne dullness of the cash
marKet were the principal bearish factors. I'art
of the early loss was reiovered in later trading.
o*ing tocoveriuc by "aborts" and good buvln^ by
pacK er=. he market for live hogs was steady a'l
unchanged prices.
WHEAT- 9:30 10:00 10:*0 11:00 11:30
May 6t>3/ 69V 69V a 691^
July..: 6>3'g 6t< bs»,* ti«i, 4 69'
September 65-.i 65* i t>sV 8 661,4 b6Va
I 1^:0') 12:o0 1:00 1:15
May b9% 70V 4
July 6F3/» 69«* 69% . <i^
September b6i/4 H6y« 69% 6o(j-a
COHN— 2:%%c: July. ?47',jc.
OATS— May. 17c: July, i7S. ©l7^4c.
RYE_32ffl36c
KARI,EV-2S(a33c
FLAX-77V>c.
TIMOTBY—
. Produce.
PORK— May, $8 52; Joly, J8 60.
LAKD— May. J4 : July. 54 05
KIBS-May, (4 60; July, $4 63.
Livestock.
HOGS-LiRM, *3 80(33 95; mlxM. 9$ 75(53 95;
heavy, *3 45@3 90: rough, S3 45@3 6a Kecelpts
26,000. Saies J.OUO.
CATTLE-Beeves, 93 75@5 2S: cows and belf
ers, $1 90<£4 35; Texas steers, $;< 20»« 20: stock
ersand feeders, .f3 45©4 40. Receipts 11,000. Mar
ket steady.
SliKKP— Firm. Receipts 11.000.
FOKKIOX MAKKKTS.
London.
LONDON. Kno.. May s.— Consols. 112 11-16;
sliver, 27 15-1 6 d; FrPnrh rentes, 103f 40c. Bullion
Into bank of England, £34.1)00.
Liverpool.
WHEAT— Quiet. No. 1 standard California
wheat, 20s 9d; carcoes off coast, easier; cargoes on
passage, quieter 3d to 6d lower: J-.nslisb country
markeLs. part-aily Id cheaper; French country
markets, iirmt r: wheat in Paris, easy.
UN -Uplands, 4 7-32 d.
nmna,
Ihe Produce Exchange cable given the following i
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: May, !
5s 9'/4d: Ju.y, os lOd; isepteuiber, bs 9a.
i;XC'iIANGiJ ANL> BILLION.
Flerllnc Exchange, 60 days — (4 87
Sterling lxchange, slgb: — 48HUi
feterllng Cables _ 489
New York Kxchauce, Bl«ht — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — l'Ji,,
Fine silver.per ounce. — 60f' s
Mexican tioilnrs ... ; 49ya M>
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AM) OTtUCK ORAINS.
I WHEAT— Futures were steady. fcpot, Wheat
! was nil and not materially changed. Quoted at
$1 26i«l '271/2 iot common grades, $1 SO(ail 354V4
for average No. 1, »1 35 for choice and $1 37i1,
@l 45 lor extra < holce milling; f^onora, $1 30to
1 S5 for No. 1 an>l*l 35@1 40 for milling.
CALL BOABD SALES.
Informal Sksbios— 9:l3 o'clock— December—
80C0;c:!8. si icy : »UOO. $1 19%: 2000. *i 19S/
--8000 *1 19V4- Aluy— 4ooU, SI 36.
>k<;ond ssion — iPtiember — 10,000 ctls.
$1193/*:' 2000, $1 i9ya
Bkouub Morning Skssion — December —
22,000 cus. $1 '-ui4: 20,000, $1 20i 30,000
*1 201/8! 4000. fl 203/g.
A ftkhnoox iskssicot — December — 2000 ctls,
$1 2'J%; IH.OOU. *1 21.
BAKivKY— Some sales of Brewing are being
made. FeeJ, 70@72y c; cnoice brigut, 75c *ctl:
Jtruwlug, 80(sb5c.
CALL BOA BALKS.
Ikfobuai. t-KSSioif— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second .->kssion— No sales.
&WUI Mob.mso Hksßion— December— 4000
Ctls. 746/gc: 800U, 74^,c.
AITEKNOON bESSION —Xo SaICS.
OATS— Fancy J'URet sound, $1 3001 40 t» ctl;
good iocho.ee, *l l^y JS) 96; common, $l@l 07i/ 2 .
Clipped OaU se.l at, is. ion over the raw
product.
<'<)K.\ — No further change in quotations. Large
Yellow, $I@l <i 5; Small KounJ do, $I@l 02y ;
\V h i le. BVo>a7V c# ctl.
KVK-7 7V2<a,B2'/ 2 c * ctl.
I" KV,i, .Ai-h nominal at about Si 25@
1 40 t» ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash price* are: Family extras,
$*76@45<5; Bakers' extras, $4 60@4 65: Super
flne. s-tia.4 35 «t bbl.
COH.N.MKAL. ETC— Feed Corn. $19@21:
Cracked Corn, $23 ?i ton.
MILLsTUFFs-Prlces In sack* are as follows,
usual discount to the trade: <>r»bam Flour, $2 85
100 lbs: Kye Flour. f 2 50 V 100: Kice Floor,
$ ■«; Cornmeal, $:lrg)2 v:6: exira cream <10. *2 75,
Oatmeal, 83 60; Oat Oroats, *4: Hominy, »3 10C<4
3 3U; buckwheat Flour. »3 25@3 50; Cracked
Wheat, *3 BO: Farina, *4: Whole Wheat Flour,
$3; Kolled Oats (bbl»). $4 75@5 15: Pearl Barley
S3 75(£4; Split l' us, 96 50. UraendO, $4 v! 0 « 100
H.
HAY AM> FKEIISTUFF3.
Another lot of new Wild Oat Hay Is In, selling at
$7 p. ton.
EKA.N- *14(3114 50 for the best and $13@13 50
V ton lor outride brands. •
. MIDDLIXGB-sl7 60@18 60 for lower grades
and 19@2 0V- ton for the best.
FEJSDjiTUFFc— Boiled Barley, $16®17 f» ton:
Ollcaice Meal at the mill, $26 00 % ton; lobbiuK.
27 50. . . *
HA V— Wheat, $B@lo 50; Wheat and Oal. $7©
10; Oat, sftiteh 50: Barley, $6 50>g;8: Alfalfa, $8
ml .10: compresaiftl, stj@9 10; klock, $5^6: Clo
ver, $6@B 1* ton. .
BTKAW—^6 a,SOc %i bale.
lil-.A.N> AND SEEDS.
BE ANB-Bajos quoted »t fl 60®l 80; Smtdl
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 6, 1897.
Whites, $I®l 20 per ctl; Large W nltes, $I@l 10
<P ell; Plnkß. fltgil 10; Reds $1 10@l 30: Black
eye, SI 45@1 55; Red Kidney, nominal: Ll
mas, $1 40@l 60; Butters, $1 25@1 60: Pea, »1
@1 25.
SKKDS-Brown Mustard, *2 50(32 75; Yellow
Mustard, $1 60 t& ctl; Flax. SI f>o %i <tl; Canary
fceed, 13 4 <§>■-' ViC f* lb: Alfaira, 6y*c; Rape, 2VsO
23/ic; Hemp, ile: Timothy. 4y 2 c
-I>HIEI> PKas— Nilei, nominal; Green, $120®
1 bO y> ctL
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
Peas continue to weaken. Oiherwise there Is lit
tle new.
POTATOES— New Potatoes. *A@l l^c V lb:
Sweet Potatoes, $1 60@l 75 f< ctl: Early Kose, 6u<a
650 f« cil; River iteds, bO@7Oc: Burbank Seed
lings, 30<a40c > ctl lor- Rivers and 40® 60c for
Peta:uman: Oregon Burbanks. Mj@.Boc
ONIONS— Cut unions. «1 2SC<fjl 60 %\ sack; Aus
tralian Onions jobbing at »i 5U@4 60 "$ ctl. New
Reds, 75c@$l \ sack.
VEUKTABLKS- Recelms were 864 boxes As
paragus, 614 boxes Rhubarb, 1778 sacks Peas and
&] xaclca Beans.
Hothouse Cucumbers are quotable nt 50c(3)5l * j
dozen; Asparagus, 76c@$l L 5 1* box for common,
$1 £o@l 75 forchoice and $2@2 25 '& bx for fancy:
Khubarb, 35($S0c lor ordinary and 6l>@76c for
choice laree: Marrowfat Squash. $tj@7 ?> ton;
Drted Peppers, e@Sc * lb; Green P.-,pers, 25c
t* lb; Mexican Tomatoes, «2@2 25 "9 box: Green
Peas, «o@s(tc V sk for common anil 60@75c tot
Fay; String lienns. 10c %Hb: Beans, 50@60c
* sack; Dried Olcra. fc@.l'c *• lh; Cabbage, 75@85c
3cU; Currots, 25@00c "r> sk: Garlic, iy a 5J2c iji lb.
BUTTEK, CHEESE AND >GGS.
Eggs rule firm. Butter and Cheese are steady.
BUTTKK-
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 13y2@14c: sec
onds, 12013 c lb.
Dairy— Choice to fancy, llyo@l2V«,c; lower
gr«des. B@llc.
Picklki)-13V.@141/<.c ft lb for new.
I'irkin— 13y 2 <al4i/t,c »« Ib for new.
Ckkameky Tub— New, 14@14%c * tb.
CHEKSE— Choice mild new, 6Msßfi7c ?> lb: com
anon .to good, 6y^@6c: Cream Cheddar, 10@llc:
Youna America, 7@Bc; \Veatern, lie; Eastern, 13
@15c$lb.
EGuS-Ranch Kgsrs, 12@13c; etoro Eggs, 11@
12C It doz; Duck Eggs, 12($12y c.
POULTKY AND GASIB.
POCJLTRY-Quotations are about the same. An
other car of Eastern will be put on to-day.
Live Turkeys. 11@1 3c for Gobblers. ll<sl3cfor
Hens: Geese ?> pair. *1 26©1 SU: Ducks, $3 f0
(g.4 tor old and *5 50@7 for young; Hens. $3 50<fl>
4 50; Roosters, young. $7f<tß: do, old. *4@4 25;
fryers, $6 &o<<Sß: Broilers, $5@5 50 for large and
$2 '.'6(0:3 60 for small : Pigeons, *1 50@l 75 & do*
tor young and $1 2ftJor old.
GAME— Hare, uomlnal; Rabbits, nomtuaU
DECIDUOUS AM) CITRUS FRUITS.
Receipts were 682 chests Strawberries and 185
boxes Cherries.
cherries and Strawberries were lower aijain.
Gooseberries were slow of sale at 40c fi drawer.
Citrus t'ruiis were uncnanped.
DKCIDUOCS FRUITS—
Strawberries, $3@4 9 chest for large and $3 60©
6 for small.
Apples. «I@2 «4 box.
Cnerries, 50c@$l. V* box for white and red and
$1 50@2 for black.
CI'IKUS Flil'lTS— Navel Oranges are quotable
at S3@4 Vi box for choice to fanry mid *1 \>s(d>'l
: %^ box for common; Seedlings. $I@l 50 %i box;
Mediterranean Sweets, $1 .'0(0)2 t* box: Lem
-1 ons, 75c(gi$l 25 lor common and $1 50@2 25
for good to choice: Mexican Limes, $6 50 f* b \;
Bunanas, $I®2 t* bunch; Pineapples, $2©4 doz.
DRIED FiiUIlS, HAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUlTS— Quotations are as follows:
Peaches. 4V 2^)6c fi tb; fancy, 6y»c * tt>: peeled,
Hiallc: Apricots, ti(a,Hc: Jioorparks. 10@12c;
evai>orated Appe?. r@JV-jC; sun-dried, 2@3c;
Prunes, 2V>©3c for I lit- 4 sizes: white *'lgs, 3c;
Plums, 4(84i/j,c lor tltted and li« 6]V 2 c for unpit
ted; Nectarines. S»%@6%Cii lf> tor piime lofuncy;
Pears, 2'/ @4c tor wuole, 2yj@sc for iiuarters and
S@-C for halves.
BAIBINH—
Fonr-crown, loose, s*^: 3-rrown. 4V4c: 2-crown, j
S s /s c V lb; seed. ess sultanas, 6(<i6y c: Reedless
Muscatels. 4y c; 3-crown l.onioa layeri, 41@1 "<!5:
clusters, $1 50; I>ehena clusters, 9a 50; Imperial
clusters, 92 50; dried srraies out.
NUTS— Chestnuts quotable ai 8(^10c: Walnn's,
6ysC47c t* Ib for staudnrd and i)©9yac 9 lb for
BOfishell: Almonds, 6@6Vjc lor Languedoc, 3@
3y c for hardshell und g@9c f» lb for papershell;
Peanuts. -»@.6c th lor Kastern and 4c for Cali
fornia: Hickory Nuts, =@6c p> lb; l'ecann, 7yia
8c "f* tb: Filberts, 7y-@Bc; Brazil Nu:s, 7Va®B«:
Cocoanuts fs©s 50 t< 100.
1 HONKY— Comb. 10@12y2 for briclit and s®9c
tor lower wat»»r-wUiie extracted, 6@sy2C;
lichi amber extracted. 4y«@}4%c; durlc ambttr,
4«4\*.c; dark, V@3c fl tb. "
BEESWAX— 22&2SC %» lb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS- Bacon. 7ys.cH Ib forbeavy, 80
» It. for licht medium, »c for llcht. 10c * lb
for extra lielit aud 12c %* S> for susnr cured. Ea>s*.
ern sugar-cured Hams. 12y 3 c f* lb: aliforula
Hams, lie V lb; lies? Bet,f, S9 H bbl: extr»
mess dn, $9 60: family do, $10@10 SU; extra
prime Pork, $8 50; extra near. $14 t* bU; mesa,
*ia r bb. smoked Beer. 10c ¥ lb.
LARD— Eastern tierces are quotod at 6 3 /ic for
compound and ti'/jc tor ptire: pails, 7c; Cal
lforma tierces, 4' 2 c for compound and f>'oC for
pure: half-bbls, bv a c: 10-lb tins. 7c; do 5-Ib 7J c.
COTTOLENE— ocIn utrce.l aud 7*i@ByßC in
I 10-tt>nni.
HIDES, TALLOVT, WOOL AM> HOPS.
HIDES AND BKINS— CuIH and brands sell lc
under sound stuck. lieavv salted steers, 8c: me
dium. 7c t> lb: liirht, 6ys@7c: Cowhide*. 6ya@7c;
Btasa. 6c: saiu-.i Kip, 6.a.7c *> lb; suited Calf, 7»8c:
galtwl Veal. f@7c: Ory Hides. 12J/,®l3c; culls and
brands. 9Vi©loc fi B>: dry Kip aud Veal, 8@10c:
dry Calt. isc: culM. 10c; Goatskins, 20@35c euch;
Kids, 6c; Deerskins, Kood summer, 25c '?, lb;
medium, 20c: winter, 10c; >heepikin«, shear
lines. lOO'.'Oc each: short wool, 2l*(<S4oc each;
medium. 40@50c each: long wool>, rO(u-T.ic eacn:
TALLOW— No. 1. rendered, 2S/4@3c ** lb; Na 2,
2V3C: reOued. sc: Urease, 2c t* lb.
WOOL— .-prlnit clip: Mountain, ll@l3c "$
lb; Foothill, 10@12y 2 c: ban Joaquln. year's clip,
7@loc: do, neven months, B©llc y. lb; Nevadas,
9©l2yjc; Eastern Oregon, 7 g;10a
UOl's- 6(d,tc ior fair to choice and 9®loc "$ tb
lor Jancy. Contracts ere being drawn ut 10c tor
new Orepons and 7@9c for new \Vnshln?tons.
GENERAL Mi UCU ANDISK.
BAGS- Calcutta (iraln Ba;s. spot, sc; Jnne, sc;
July, Be: San Quentln, $5' 40; Wool Bags. 24<a27c.
COAL— Wellingion, $i): New Wellington. »8:
Southfleld Wellington, ,' $7 60: Keattle, f5 SU:
Bryant, 35 50; Coos Kay, $4 75: Wallsend, $7
T ion; Cumberland. $13 50 »■ ton In bulk and .*1
in sacks: Pennsyl A ntbraclteEujc, $11(4)12 %4
ton; Welsh Anthracite, 38410: Cannel, $8 V ton:
1 ock Spruik-s, Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley,
(7 60: Coke. *1 MIS in hulk and $13 Tfr ton In sks.
SUGAR— The Western stiftar Retlnlnc Company
quotes, terms net cash: < übeand Crushed nnd Flna
Crushed. 6c; Powdered, 6V»c; Dry Granulated,
4%c: Confectioners' A, 4V 8 c: Magnolia A, 41/<jc:
Extra C, 4s /8 c: liolden C. 4y*c: Candy Granulated,
sc; bait barrels y*c more man barrels, aud boxes
V2C more.
SAN FKANCIisCO BIKAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates fJr dredsed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows:
BKKF— First quality, sVa36c; aecond do, sc;
third do, 4@4i/ 2 c «« tb.
VKAl.— Large, sf*6c: small, 6@7c f, tb.
MUTTON— sra)s>-ic; Kwe3, 4@sc & Ib.
LAMB-Spring, 6®6i/ c *i Ib.
roitK-Uvpllo<a, 3Via33/8<: for large and 31^
Oi; j .*ic for small and medium; sort llogs, 2^4(^31:;
aresaed do, s@6c. rj^
KJcX'l£IPT.$ OF I'KODUCK.
j-«vr '.4 nooßi.
JHmjr. or nlc*.... 18.297 Middlings, «I£v.. 100
Oreion 9,574 buiutr. aii.._' 063
lir»'. cili. 40 Cheeje. cu»...,,_ 336
Oregon 6l»0i Krjtj, cor. _ 14 9SO
Barley. ctls..._ . 1,440 Hidei no 61
Beans. aica.....^. 9,951 | PelM. bdln ..„„ 5.252
Corn, ctls .. 3,920 Wine. pals.-.. _„ 7,600
Rye, ct15......... 205; Wool. Dis 585
Potatoes, sics.... HStil Oregon So
Oregon 860 l.eatner, r01n:... 82
Onions, bics 394 1 I.nmber. M raw.. '20
Hay. tons _ 3So'QolcKsllv«r. tK<i 32
Bran, eks -JO ' Broom Corn, bl*. 135
KEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Bay City Building and Loan Association to
Pauline H. Bloom, lot on X line of Broderick
stretM, 87:650f l'a«e, S 25 by X 107:6: $10.
Dora (Jhaimi hi (Sherwood), Marlon H. and
David P. fielknap and Gustav Frlederlch to Lon
don and Sun Francisco Bank (Limited), lot on s\V
corner of ■-Hormnento and Walnut streets, W
137:6 by 5201:7y ; also lot on N line of Wash
ington str»et, 127 of First avenue, X 60, KB to
point, W 81, SW 267:6; $5
George 1». an-l I- liz:ifo>tli M. Graham to Clara A.
Graham, lot on W line, of Capp street. 275 N of
Seventei-mh, N 24:914 by W 105; $10.
atherine McSweeney to Peter J. McSweeney,
lot on \V line of Capp street, 180 N of Twenty
inird, N2obv W 122:6: elft.
Hallie s. and Henry K. Graham to Hamilton Mil
ler, lot on s line of Alvara-l>> street, 254:7 X of
Noe, E 101:10 by B 114: $10.
Dominique Cazeaax to I.,ouis C. Breffetlb, lot on
Slineof Jackson street, 78:10 E of t-.toc»ton, E
61:4 by S 70:6; *0.
John W. Filnn Jr.(trusteeof the estate of Esther
Qoodfellow) to Mary A., Jarues and Kranris 1.
Goodfellow and iiosc A. i-chmesur itJoodfellow)
lot oa N Hneofßusu street, 35 W of Jones, YV a 7:6
by n 100; 91. ! tj .
Johu W. Flinn (and as trustee) to same, same;
*iO. . ',
Mar • J.. .lamps and Francis L Goodfellow. Al
bert C and Hose A. Schmesar (Ooodfeilow) to
isarah A. Flinn. >im«: $1U
Hulda I. or Irene 11. Hall to Alice M. Lidd, lot on
SK line of Bryant street, 25 NX of Kate, .NE .5
ySK 105; also lot on SE liae of Bryant street,
Tib NE of Eighth, SK 25 by SE 105; also lot on
W line of Fair Oaks street. 11l 8 of Twenty-sec
ond. 8 37 by W 117:6; gift,
Taggart ana Pinkliam <by L. Wadham, lax Col
lector) to John E. Millar, lot on »W corner of
t-anta Clara ami .Mississippi streets, W 2,'N to a
point NE to W line of Mississippi, S 67 to begin
nlng: $:<. ,
Livingston and Tafreart (by same) to same, lot
on 8 line of < enter street, 19:2 V of 1 ennsylvnnia
avenue, W 4. SW 134:10y . 4, NE 134:10y ;
*3.
lJavid .V Miller to Watson H. and Sarah G.
Heury, lot oa N' line of A street, 82:6 E of
Twentletn avenup, E 25 by N 100; $ 10.
. ■ ALA VEDA COUNTY.
W. F. B. Lynch to Antonio J. d'Bem, lot begln
nlug at X coiner of lands of P. Q. Leonard, thence
NW 326:6 by NE 60. leing portion of land for
merly known as the MethodUt Parsonage Tract,
Washington Townsh.p: $000. ■
Eti ward J). and Thomas H. Juod and Richord E.
Parr to Katarlna Devorak. 10l on N line of Crltten
den avenue. 50 E of Vlcksbnrgstre»-t, X 100 by N
123.82, teing lots \> and 3, block A, JudU Tract,
Brooklyn 'township; $)0.
James 11. ana .Mary H. Haven to F. C. Jarvls,
Jot on B line of Broartwtw. 50 N of sixth street, N
50, E 125, s 25, W 50. S 25, \V 75 to /inninir,
being lo.s 3 and 4 and N 25 feet of lots 27 and 28.
block 65. subject to a deed of trusi for *7500, Oik
land; 810.
italian-.Swiss Mutual Loan Association to Mrs.
E. E. Vaughn, lot on \V line of Filbert street, 3B
N from Enciiial lane. N 25 >•» W 125, being 10l 3,
W.-ssing»r Tract, Oakland: $I >.
Jennie E. Parmenter to Charles H. and Mary
Parmenter, lot on W line of Market street, 111:8
ot West E chteenth, s 3ts:ti by W 125, being lot
o an<l N 13:0 f. et of lot 6, bloc* 593, Mar..ei
street Tract, Oakland: gift.
Alfr.u aid Elvina Wood to Lizzie A. Rhode 3,
lot becinning ut a point i i the center line of Wals
worth avenue at the intersection of a lin>» parallel
with the NX boundary line of Walsworth 100
--acrn tract and diatunt SW 129:6 from said NE
boundary live, tnence NW 203, SW 31.97, SE
203, Ni, 32 to beginniiifr, OakluuU; $10.
A. A. 1-ink to Georee L. Mi>hr, lot on W line of
Shattuck avenue, 77 87 f of Delaware street, J4
76:7. W 9.'.07, N 75.52. E 97.39 to beginning, be
ing lots 4 and 6, block 5 >ea View Park, Berkeley:
$10.
George H. Turner to Hattie A. Turner, r»-record
467, d. ;«47, lot on X line of Kirn or Twenty-fourth
si reel. 050 \V of Telegraph avenue, \V 30 by N
135, bei-ig | or.i.jn of lot 42, block O, Kelsey 'lract,
lakland; cilc.
Juaquina H. Marsball and as executrix of ihe es
tate oi Richard Marshall, Abel Marea and A. (i. de
koia (by Commissioner) to Antonio r.. D. Mii:er,
lot on \V llflH ot Louis street, 1-5 X of B, M 50 by
W 133, beiris? subdivisions B and C in lot 11, i.lock
799, Wans Tract, .Map : . i akland: als> lot on NX
cor.ierof Jt and J.ouise streets. -N 100 by X 33, be
ing lot J, block BSIO B-street subdivision. Watts
Tract, Oakland: $B;-SU5.
Frank 31. Lelaud to Lydia A. and James T.
Colliy, lot on X linn of Twenty-third avenue, 60 S
of Nineteenth street, 8 50 by X 135, being a por
tion of lot, i, bli.ck J, subdivision 50, Associates
Tract. Ka«t Oak. and, quitclaim deed: *1.
JainesT. and Lydia A. o.by to Frank M. Le
land, lo; on X line of Twenty-third avenue, 60 S
of i-.ast Nineteenth street, S 60 by E 135, i-ast
Oakland; $1500
Frank M. Leland to Leah F. Mott, lot on 8E
line of Twenty-third avenue, 50 SW of East Nine
teenth street, h\V 60 by sK 135, being a portion
of lot 1. block J. subdivision SU, Aaiociates Tract,
East Oak and; $lv
Alexander and Jennie B. Kosb to Helen M.
Wetisietn, lots tito 9, Llock 2105, Alden Tract at
Temescal, Oakland Towiiihip: $10.
George T. and Adelia Jiawley and Edna 8.
Poulsou to Mrs. Charles F. Robinson (wife of «'.
F.), lot 3, block I;. Buenaventura Tract, Map 2,
Biooklyu Township; $10.
Joseph and Margaret A. Plaw to Emma M.
Til>mnnn. .487 of au acre beginning at tbe roost s
corner of tract laud heretoioie conveyed by Mar
pnret E. and Joseph Flaw to Bnoruann by deea of
May 21, li>9-.', and recorded in 469 d 458, ii cen
ter of .Miusai Creek, thence N\» 78, s>W 179 60,
M-. 170.90 to cei.ier of Sau.sal Creak, thence up
said creek NW 78.20, Stt 60, NW 67.50 to be
gmnlrfr. Brooklyn Township: $10.
Pacuic Land Investment Company to Manuel S.
Sinih.H, iot 26 bii>c< 231, Town of j>ewark, Wash
inmon 'lowuship; $10.
George W. and Abrllda I.ynde to Robert L. Pot
ter, undivided two-thirds interest in lot on s line
of Tenth street, 100 E of Castro, X 50 by S 100,
lots 10 aid 11. bloik 114. Oakland: $2100.
lioberc L. I'otter to Abrllda 1-yiide, ull iatereat
in same, Oakland; $10.
Builder's Contract.
D. Yon der Mehden w th Kelt * Ahlgren. to
erect a two-story building on \V line of i'olsom
super, ISO S of Twenty- fourth, $3300; Martens it
Coffey architects.
THE STOCK MASKET.
While prices showpd some recovery on the
morning sessions from the closing figures Of the
preceding day. the best pr ces were below those of
sday and business was quieu
. Some Blocks were itrroer al ilie close.
The Beg. Belcher falls ilellnqueni iv board to
day and the confidence delinquent sale takes place
also.
On the Bond K.xchantje the FJtiear stocks broke.
Hawaiian omnnrciu sold down to $9% and
Hutctiinson to $17, both depreciations being about
$'J from the preceding day. The decline was due
to the action of the Senate committee in recom
mending the abrogation cf the Hawaiian reci
procity trea'.y. • "t
UUAiUi SALES.
rniovlsc xwm ihe n-«.-» In the San Franc'.ico
Ptock Eoard yesterday:
SXGI'LAR MORMN'ri CKSS'nv. rOMXTWCW* P:3D.
100 A1n1» •• OJ>|2*)t> Choir 83 400 Occidtl....lß
4U'I Altn 07 00 82i.'0J bNev 62
200 Belcher _. 36 10U0 CCfcV.Ss.25 <00 63
100 >. A i iOi) «-onn ...l.'J' 2'JO M
-00 Bullion... .O&ibO l ** AC. ...34 300 L'niou C..a 7
100 Change... 3K JOIJ Ke:iick....Oti,3sO V aw«l..-81
100 ...... 37 200 Sliic. 46
AFTKRNOO.V MTSBiiiv — 'i:3O.
10n Alptm l)P7(>0 CCAV-.a.2oilSt»Ophir...l.ot>
-iOO Andes >sjO C i'01ut... 341100 1.00
250 iielcher...3e l!) 0 83I10U •■> N«v....6S
(50 i? 100 <i& C 33:30J Uuiou 20
'M ) >;AB bi IO'» Me>trn....*7 10J Ulali .06
100 ri)llloi 1 SliON <SC.lv YJ<m>l£«..3l
iOO Chollar...b4 lUO Oroli 1830U 32
•JOO bo •/•> :•_-•■;
Followlnc wera cv »*" In the P»ciflo Btoclt
lctrO yemerday:
300 >irn« 140J Cb01r....83'300 Occid 20
400 Alta ....07 81 200 19
20'J Andes 25 250 B.V_>oo 18
SO) Kelcner....:-v7 100 8B 6 • Uoblr. I.UO
40J b& B 70 100 Conn 1.22W-JOO 1.02
300 Bfc -00 1.2y|950 l.Oi
10:1 tu1110n....06 700 0 iroo ....02 WOO 1.07y
10U li6|lo'> U P0tnt...35 60< Poioai bi
20J Caleda....l'iJoo 34200 52
EOJ ChalUa...! 8 4 10 Exchqr...O,- 301 •<■.... 20
1 110 CC&V..2.10300 C&C 31 400 88<feM....05
450 2.15 401) 3:-l4'»0 SMev... M 54
ltiOO 2.17^|2J0 H<tX 700 ail HIU...
3250 2.2Ut500 Justice. —o3 -tou union..... '.'7
500 2.2:! V> 700 aiex 4H7uO Utah 07
190 2 35400 47750 i J»cm..3o
800 2.-7Va 7OU 0vrmn....06 500 81
A*I*.RNOOX SESSION — 2:T>.
3nn » ir-tia..... 09:401) ConU. ...1.i'51 60 Opbirl.o2V
4110 Alia. 071200 1.30 HO I.Oj
250 Ande5.... .2617(0 1.86 300 Ovrmn... .06
330 -JOO 1 s 100 Potosl 51
200 8e1cher... 39 iOSJ Crwn l't..:t;-i 100 63
95>i BAB 67 200 _36 170U (Savage.. 2(J
■,'OU Ch11nge...37..iU0 Kxcbqr... 1)^,20 J a >v 5S
1200 is7Vi->'Ji lidcC 32 300 54
600 3fi'2OO « H«' 6'J Stnrd...l.BO
200 Chollar...B:i ! loJ H&N 83 ! '.'Utf Union.. ...ae
100 84200 Mexican. 4 6 -'lO UtaU......07
500 CCV 2.2i.|300 47J30J * Ju»fc....31
600 2.2i!Vk suO Ny an-..06 »00 32
660 '2.'-' 100 Occd 18200 33
460 C0U11.1.2.V2;
CLOslMi f)UOTATIO3J3. \
WEDNESDAY, May 6-4 r. it.
JHl.Ai*-"': MlrL Atlttd,
AlpbaCon 08 10 Inlla 04 ,- —
Ait*. ..... ft} 07 Jnstlca.......^ — 05
Andes."';!...-. "6 2b Kfntnclt 05 1)6
Belcher 39 40 Mexican 46 47
J>si ■'. Hetensr Ct> esj .Nevada ttas«X — 1 0
Ecntoa C0n.... 10 -I OcddentaL.... 17 - IB
iJnllton 05 06 Ophlr 1.08 1.10
Inledoata...... 13 14 Overman.. 05 1-7
I'hollar 83 84 I'otosL „ 62 6A
Con. Cal&Va... 2.2b -»i«t«. „ 19 20
Cballencd Coo. 38 3D >c0rpi0n. ....« — <4
Con. JmperiAi. 01 t. -!■■. Uelchar... 04 06
deuce.... 1.30 1.35: -liver Hill 01 <3
ton >'ew Ytx< — t3 - err» Nuvtlk 53 54
trown Point... 36 37 itandard — I.tSO
Kasthlerra^id/ — I- -vnciiua:*. -.„ — L«
1: urcka ... — Ml 1u10u00u....* 25 2tt
ls-xclieuuer — <>; Umu . l<6 ttt
ObUla«uCurrf. 33 34 .<m*j»«u» 32 33
fetwfctib^iurvtt. 83 —
tXOCix an:< BONO CXCHANQB.
WEDNESDAY. May 5-2 p. M.
ryiTKPBTATK* liliMJi '■
J,,ri 4»a-«c.| -BIA. UtXe.l
rp«ii eooD.II2VJi - o t*»reg...l«9 »IV*4
Lomnv issue 128 — I
MISCKX.I.AVKi)t7I BONDI
Ca>BtCt>l»sn. H2 - UaKGas 65.. - JO4
CalKlecL6l - 30 |Uo2d Is 65... 107 108
CntraU W6s - Omnibus os.. 1;«U%122^i
Dpnt-stex-cp — 100 iPAORydi. - 113
Cdsn <Js - 128y |l'&Ch iiy Bs.
F&Clil'.H6alO6V% — |l'wl-st BRBiIIJ >18
Gearv-stKss - 105 I Keno,WL<feL - 111*
11 i ■-..%. 11)11 — IMlCtol'&L.. — 10U
LosAngLtif 82V&100 t*'4JSl'Ks<..lo2VßlU2V*
liot.ntee.l 6s - 98 e>FßßArizßi 92% 931/4
MKt-stCb;casl23V la4B / 4 >-l*KKCai6i. 107 ll'HV*
DoßyCon bs. 10tJ - SPKKIUM. 88 -
NatVinUslst - 100 |^FBrRCal6». 69*4100
r>evCN«K7s. — fc>VWaterb\i. 118V4 -
NByCol Os.U/4 - bVWater^. 100^1008,4
MiyUlM. _ - stktnU&Koi «<jy»lUOVa
WATVK BTOCKI-
Contra Costa 35 . 38 |Sprn* Vallay 97% -
MarlnUo..... Bli 14 I
••AS AKU KLK'TRr" 1 TOTKV
CftptM. - 30 I Pacific Lleai — 61
Central.'.'."'' PHV 2 - SFUdcKlec. 3y «3»4,
MH.lecL.ifnt 9V a 10 *an Francsoo n3/ g 2P/
OaItULJiU — 64y,i^lOcJUOU 13 —
tiut i.aa Imit 90 S-- I i -
nsibaNls ktooKi.
Flreman f sF«i!bo 182 |.....
CUMrt<Ca.l\^ HAVIC «to";ic« ■">•':'■:
Aticlo-Cal 60 — IFirst NatloullSO J9O
Bankof Ca1..2»8 240 M.ondonP&A. — 131
OUbD&TCo — 107 ilerch tix.... la —
KA'IN'- • HA N'K STtWCC .
o#rs&t,Co.. 1340 1400 Pav&Loaa.. — Jn^
HnmbS«tlj.lloJ - Security.. 250 - 300
Mutual. 38 40 Ttuat.adO .- —
bli'SitV Umo'n449 — ■
• - BTKBKT KAII.KOAI) HTOrKV
California.... 10' V* — OalcßL<fcH»/ — 109
lirarj-st 38 —' j lTtsldiO. .... 4 —
iiantcfsi.... --'M/j, 43 3 /4
.«.».. -.. «TOOKI- '
Atlantlen. lfl 17 iGlantCoo.... 3»i,4 SO
Calliornia.... -80 110 1V1g0rU....... — 600
tauttrn 80 85 I
m»CKi.i,AV«:orT» >ti""CI
Alaska Pkrs. — lOOy* Nat VlnCo.. — 7
Ger Lead 00. 100 : 140 oceanlcSSCo —S3
llawC<fc»Ca. 9>/i 10 FacAnxKA 2 3 '
inui-ii l l ' j 17 38 . PacßoraxCo. 99 —
MerKxAaau- 90 '— ' jParf PalntUa 0 7
BALKS— MOKNINU UKUaIO.V.
jioanl— ,■■■.-• -
SOU Hawaiian Commercial 10 50
t 450 do do 10 00
175 Hutchlnson S P C 0........ 17 00
165 do ao .-^.— 17 00
$10,000 Hl'ol A Bond* >«3 00
BALKS— AFTEBNOO.V SKaSIOX.
Board— : \ v;, ; v-'v-.: 1 .-'-' :v-'
60 Alaska P»eken' Association........ 100 00
■ 30 do do 100 25
l'l do do 100 12Vi
160 Hawaiian Commercial. 10 00
35U do oo .— 8 87%
75 Uotchinson 8 P Co. „ — 17 Ol)
60 do aosSO 17 00
25 8 F Gas & Electric Co P3 621/3
25 isVWßier 97 6^
$5300 sfiK P Railway Bonds. ...... 10* '^5
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
' BALDWIN HOTEL. . ,
L Haven, Spokane J Volypka. Sta Rosa
M X Vlner. NY (i M Antmlr. Chicago
J M Campbell, Wash C a I'itkins <fe w. s n Jose
T s M l.on & w. aauslito Miss C Milton, SHiisalito
G \V Jenks, Detroit J McCuciden. VaUejo
C Wilson, Los An? Ml«s L Laurel, Chicago
W H Southard, N V > rs H X Monaghan. Ca!
X R Oiftord, Auburn J C Martin, N V
J J Ju-i.ice, .N V II loth <fe w. Alcatraz
T a Lyon, sac o H Jones, \allejj
F Anrterson. Los An? G B Jennings, ban Diego
F Richard, Fresno
NEW WESTERS HOTEL.
C A Koburt, Placerville G Grauchle. Los Angeles
J E Chawey, L Angeles L Murry, Los Angels
M *niith. Los Angeles G Covey. Los Ansjeles
J ViillHda^.Hlfmoon Bay J H Frank"lm. Alcatraß
MH Raymond, Mich C Gowbade. ffany
B J Morgan, Petaluma W Hidden «fe w. -■» V
II L Porter, Carson J M Hawkins, Sacto
Mrs J M Keels. Tacoma \V Holliriitswortli, Oal
M 11 II rker. Foisom J Jones it w. Denver
C Adams, Ciiicago J J McUonell, N V
J Dillon, N V
LICK HOUSE. •
T G Yancey, Xewraan Dr R M Hunt. Nev City
Mrs Yancey, Newman J L Sawyer, Paris
A ,r Ross & wi, Sho o ■ C C Carl ion. Lansen Co
C X Uar.ey, California <: Kos"s. Stockton
P Lyons it w. Walla VVa Miss X Lyons, \\"ash
-Miss T Lyons, Wash J M \\'illi»nn. Newman
W E Bains, Tulara J O'Mara, California
F Sanford & fm, Stan- R btevenson, Palo Alta
forrt University N I Ba'.rlwin.WooUbridge
J Johnson <fc frn. Utah W A Farlsh, Denver
K. Caspt-r. Vallejo J W Wilson, Chicago
G B Auailn, Vallecito Miss B Arnold, Brentwd
G Nlcholsen, Meaford, Or ,
PALACE HOTEL.
Tom Lane, Angels Camo s H Bhoninger, Chicago
Mrs F B Klngsbury.Nev R *S Dougla*. U S N
C B Hawkins, NY AH Branner, N V
E G Burnham, Conn Col W A Herron.Pittsbrg
R H Horron. Pi tsbnrg Mrs k. G Burnham, Conn
WrsWAHerron.Pittsbrg Mrs E h Churchill, Napa
Miss Ciiurchill, Napa W D Shea, N V
O V Pflster, German,- O H Babcock, Cal
N T f-mitli, San Carlos TSC Lowe. Pasadena
T Hustom, Tacoma WM Henn^Bsy,LAngelss
J V BiCKnifll.tos Angeles F W Wood, l^os Angeles
Wni Kerchoff, Los P Thomas, Berkeley
Dr O L Bartou, Cal Mrs Kercbuff. L Angeles
E s Chijrchlll. Napa Mrs O L Barton, Cal
1. L Lippeu, Petaluma
GKAND HOTEL.
M Smith, Sacto J A Ha^sdale, Sta Ros*
CM .Mannou, Stanford J B Williams Fresno
A Gordon, Oakland B AWorihinston.SMateo
Thos Docter, San Jose M V Stafford, Callstoga
15 \velch, >acto D H liair, Sacto
T Huntington, Sacto J A Quill & w, Kureka
X C Claric, Monticello 11 Ciaric, Moniicello
J H McDonald, Marin J A Woodman, Ariz
J C Jones <fe w.Salt, Lake Mr Mors^ >t w. N V
Mis Holmes, NY J \V Dayon, Palo Alto
I. lyte, St lielena W McKay, Oakland
F D i.onnallev, Los Anjj J B Quigley, los Ang
0 ballars, Lodi J U Isa- cs, Oakland
VV s Palmer, Oakland FC Oliddinsr. Chicago
(i If Siewan, Los Ang O Linus, Birds sanding
A Mannsse, Nit pa J H Klide, iracto
Cll CummiDga Sacto U B Morris w.Sabastpl
J >" (iovvney, An^eis C J Freeman&w,Petalma
d X Kennedy, Livermore
uCJiA.X S'I'KAJi-t-ttS.
Dat«>« of T>*>p«irture from Pftn Frannlnoo.
STKAMKKS XO AKKIVIS.
STKAMKB | IBIIM | I>VK
bt.N. MOON A>l> Xll>Jt;.
Uirrntti PTATiea coast an-d G«or>KTto Bttrv«t-
TIMICN AND HEIBHTB OF Uidr AlfD Low
Watkrs at *oht Point. Extranob to
hAN Fbaxcisco Bat. POBMSHKU BT OrFt-
OAL AUTHOBITIf Or THK SUPKBINTKNDKIfT.
Kotk— The btßh antl low waters occur ai tn
City Front (MlMios-stree: Wharf) about twenty
live minuiei lafo( than st Fort Poluc: laa net^ot
ot []•!•■ is tnu miui a: both placei.
Jlay -18».-.
Thursday, May 6.
(•nn risPfi R.o7|Moon rls»n
Sunsets 7.oß|Moon sets. 11.34pm
Note-- fn the Above exposition of the tides the
oarly morning tides are given In the left band
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
order of occurrence aj to time. The second time
column Klves the second tide of the day, tha third
time column the third tide, and tha last or rijht
band column gives the last tide of the day, except
when them are but three tides, as sometimes
limn inn heights Riven are additions to tha
soundings on tha United States Coast Survey
rbarts, oxcttpt when a 11111111.1 sign (— ) precedes th»
belgh:. and then the number given is nubtractiva
from the depth g'ven by the chart*.
iVMlffc 1O .'IAIU.M.US.
A branch of the UnltcJ Slawj Hydrographlo
Office located In tba Mere!. ant-.' Kxchanire is
maintained In Ban Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and free of
expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited 10 visit the
Office, where complete sets of chart* und saiiint
directions of the world are kept on hanJr or com
parison and reference, and the latest Information
oan always be obtained regarding lights, dangers
to navigation and all matters of Interest to ocean
commerce.
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill U hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian, by
telegraphic signal received each day trooi the
United States Naval Observatory a-. Mare island
Cal.
- A notice statin? whether the time ball was
dropped on time, or giving the error. If any, it
pßhli.ihet the same day oy the afternoon papers,
and by. the morning paper* the following ilav.
. W. S. HOOHBS.
Lieutenant. U. 8. >'•, In charge.
The Time Ball.
BjLANCH HTDROBKAPHIO OTTIOK, V. 8. W.
Merchants' Eichanhe r
San Fbakcisco. fllay 6. 1897. )
The time ball on Telegrapn Hll. was drop
exactly at noon to-day— l. «■., at noon of the 120t&
meridian, or exactly at 8 p. m., Green wlrn time.
W. 8. HU«HE3,
llwunun'. V. *• N.. in char;i».
SHIPPIJSti ENTKX<UOK2fCS.
Arrived. &'-' : ' i
WEDNESDAY. May 6.
Sctar Ruby A Conslns, Knudsen, 6 days from
Columbia River; L'4o Mfilumoer, to D H Bibb
Lumber Co. ■ .
Schr Glen, Jorgensen. 41 (lays from Tres
arias; locs, etc, 10 X 0 Kldrldce.
Bcbr JNettie lx>w. law, 5 hohm from Poms
Reyes; 60 bxa batter, to J H Sewbsuer Co.
Cleared.
i V . WEDNESDAY. May 6. ■
Stmr Walla Walla, Wallace, Victoria ana Fort
Townsend: Uoodall. Perkins it Co.
Stmr Homer, .lessen, Astoria; Geo Frltcb.
Ktmr Eureka. Parsons, San Pedro; UoodaU. Per
kins .ft Co. ■ ■• , ■ '■ ■ .
f?ch- Luiia V. Erratt, New BaUayo Island, N
Pacific Ocean; J A Magee Jr.
tailfvl.
WEDNESDAY. May 5.
Stmr nomer. Jessen. Astoria.
■ V a atmr Richard Rush, Robrrt*. Puget Sound.
1 U stmr Tbomas Corwin, Reed. Puget Sound.
Stmr Mineola, Pillsbury, Tacoma.
StmrTruckee. Daniels, TlUaraook Bay.
Bark Aureo.a, Van Dalhern. Columbia River.
Schr Luisa D, Erratt, Xew Baldayo Island, N
P»r*flc Oopan. •; .; , .
Schr John A, Hellquist, EureKa.
Schr Rioßey, < r-tiKle. io<:'iio.
Schr Del JSorte. X .ndson, Kogue River.
bchr Alary U, Camp dou. Jttodega.' :. . .
>. Telegraphic
poist liOßos. May 4.— 10 r. M.-Weatber
cloudy: wind B\Vr Ttioclty 20 mliWh ■ ;fe^;
Charter*.
The Br baric Auldgirth loads wheat at Portland
for Europe, 21s 3d.
Spotepn.
Mar 15— 21 S. long 27 W. Ger shlD Nlobe,
hence Jan 1. for Queen^town.
Mar 2 —About the equator— Br ship Miltlades,
hence l;ec 29, for London.
ii.i.iip.tii' Port«.
A BTOBlA— Arrived May s— Stmr Columbia,- ce
May a.
HOQCTAM— SaUed Apr 30— Scbr EnterDrlse.for
San Francisco.
Arrived May 30— Schr Jennie Tbeltn. hence Apr
17.
.Sailei May I— «e»ir s Snllor Boy, and James A
Gafl»ld, ror FrancUco.
PORT TOW XSEXI)- sailed May 1— bark
Pornonn. 'or Chemalons. /
SKATTLK— sailed May I— Stmr Walcott, for
Alas a.
KUREKA— Sailed May 5-Stmrs Xorth Fork
and N'utional Cii\-, for San Kranctsca
Arrlv d May s— Strar Pomon:i, henre May 5.
lACOM a— Arrived May 4— Sc_r Zampa, from
G v m as.
WHI TESBOHO-Arrived May s— Stmr Green
wood, from Port Los Ansreles.
COOS BAY-Arrlved May 5-Stmr Czarina, hnc
Apr 30.
HARDY CREKK-Arrived May 5-Stmr
nonce .May 1.
CASPAR— SaiIed May 5-Bchr Maxim, .'or Moss
Landing.
SOWKXS LAXDING-Sailed May 6-BchrNew
ar!-:. for "an Krnn Is; o.
HAN PEDUO— ArnveJ May Stmr Westport,
from Navurro.
YAQUI.N A BAY— Sailed May 5-Stmr Farallon
lor San Francisco.
ASTOKIA— SaiIed May 5-Schr Beporter. for
Keiondo.' ' ■
TACOMA-Salled Muy 2— Nor bark White Boip.
:or Kurope. May ' 4— isrsliip Superb, tor Jree
mantle.
BANDOX— Arrived May 6— Stmr Coqnille
Rlvtr. hence May 3.
SAN PKDRO-Arrlved May 5-Stmr South
Coast, irom Newport. I
EURKKA- Sailed -May s— Stmr Laguna, for
San Francisco; scar Jienha l)olbeer, for Ean
Diesro. ■ ■•
EELRIVER-SalledMay B-Stmr Chilkat, for
Ban Francisco.
SEATTLB-Salled May 5— V S stmr B«ar, for
BerluK sea; U S stmr Oolden Gate, for iSan t ran
cisco. ■
! NEWPORT— SaiIed May 6— Stmr South Coast,
for San Pedro. '
GREENWOOD- Sailed May 5-Stmr Whltes
boro, for -an Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed May Stmr Rival, for
San Francisco. ■:■"-, ■
PORT BLAKELEY— May 5-Barks Mer
cury and Columbia, for Sau Francisco.
(iRAYS HARBOR— Arrived May s— Schr Ida
McKay, hence Apr 23.
iCastern Ports.
NEW YORK— Sailed May s— Ship Jabez Howes,
for San Diego.
Foreign Port*.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed May 4-Br stmr Belgic,
for San Francisco, via Honolulu.
NEWCASTLE. NSW— \rnv*l May 4-Baric
Harvester, from Port. Klizabi-th.
Sailed Mar 20— Br bark. Dirra, for San Diego.
DELAUOA BAY— Arrive- May 3— Br bark Port
Anelaide from Musi lius Mill.
FALMOUTH— Arrived May 4-Br ship Vallarol.
troru Oregon: F.- bark Jeane d'Arc. hence Dec 28.
LON DON— Arrived May 4— Dan ship Jupiter.fm
Tacoma.
ADELAIDE-Arrlved Apr 30— bark Casa-
I blanca. hence Jan SO. • :
KINSALK— PaaMd May 4— B ship Drumlan
rlsr. from Victoria, for London.
NAN A IMO— .•sailed May S— Ship Elwell, for San
Frauci>.co.
DEPARTURE BAY— May Ship John
C Pettier, for San Kranclnco.
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Sailed May 4-BarkChas
B Kenn, for Honolulu.
SANTA Rosalia— Arrived Apr 30— Schr De
fender, from Grays Harbor.
Imnort^Hon*
TKESMAKIAS-Per Glen-549 cedar logs, 12
tons Ugnumviue, 2. bales cotton.
COTl«!^rt|--».
PerGlen-KC Eldridge: C D Bunker Co; B
H Currier.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
PACIFIC COAST_STEAMSHIP CO.
QTEAMER9 LEAVK BBOA.DWAY /V»a,.
O wharf, San -Francisco, as follows: "**®T&r
ForDOrts Id Alaska, May 1, 6. 11, 16. '-'1, M 6,
31 and every Ufth day thereafter, at 9 A. M.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacocia, Everett. Anacortes and
New Wi.atcom (BeiliKKliam Bay, Wash.). 9 a. m.
May 1, 6, 11. 16, 21,'JHan<1 31 every Bfth day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P. K.
R., atTaooma with N. P. R. R., at Seattle with U.
N. Ry., at Port Townseud with Alaska steamers.
For liureka, Arca:a and Fields Landing (Hum-
boldt Bay), Str. Pomona 'I p. m., Slav 4, 8, 12, 16,
2J, 24, 28 and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Crux. Monterey, San Simeon, Cayacos,
• Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Oavlota, Santa
I Barbara, Ventura. Jiueneme, San Pedro, East Han
1 Pedro (Los Angeles) unJ Newport, at 9 a. ic.
I May 2, 6. 10, 14. 18. 23. 26. 30 and every lounh
day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harrori
(San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Los An-
reles. Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
a.m. May 4, 8, IZ, 16, 20, 24, 28 and every fourth
day thereafter.
For Ensenada, San Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan, h%
Paz and Guaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
a. m. . June 2, and 21 of each mouth thereafter.
The Company reserves the right to change with-
out previous notice steamers, sailing dates and
I hours of sa.lln?. Ticket office— Palace Hotel, 4
New Montgomery street.
OOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Oen'l Agents,
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
THEO.R.&N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST ST.EAAIEBS TO
JPOR.TMLs.AJNr ID
From Rpear-street Wharf, at 10 a. m.
F\ PP/*1! Kirnt-claM > Inclndlnjr
X .\lii/!«ii; Second-class /berth t&mea'i
SCHEDULE O±" SAILINGS:
Columbia April t> 3, May 3. 13, 23
State of California.... April 28, May 8. IS, 28
Through tickets and through baggage to all
Eastern points. Rates and toliier* upon appllc.*-
Uoa to
F. F. CONNOR, General Agont.
630 Market street.
POODALIi. PKRK <fc CO. supTlnleniic ■
PMnn&Blffl s. s. AUSTRAL! Afor
TtDWisT H °N o l r '■ L oniv,
a^flsalai Tuesday, May Is. at
M™ 2 p. n. bpeclal party
fL /i^N rates.
NtWmMlinJ TheS. S. ALAMKDA
O)ltflllljlll r sails via HONOLULU
. /^lTiranil* and AUCKLAND for
\v||ipUlWj sYDNKY, Thursday,
May 27, a p. ic
Line to COOLG ARDIE, Aust.,and CAPETOWN,
Eouth c RECK ELS<fc BROS. ca. Aeents, •
114 Montgomery street.
Frelcht office, 327 Market street, fran FrancUco.
COMPAGJIE THimTUITIQOi
French Line to Havre.
nOMPANVa PIER(NKW),42 NORTH J+teL.
(J River foot of Morton tz. Travelers by &C&Z2
this line avoid both transit by English railway unl
the discomfort of crossing the channel Inaamall
boat, xew York to Alexandria. Egypt, via Fart*
first class *160, second class »118.
LABOURGOCiNE....: '. May 1% 10a. jf.
LA CHAMPAGNE vl'^'.H? 1 JO*- M *
LAGASCOGNE May 29 10 a. *.
LA TOURAINE Jineß. 10a. *
LA BRETAGNE June 12. 10 A. if .
itjr For fnrtner partlcnlani npply to
A. FORGET. Agont,
No. 3. Bowlmg Green, New YorK.
,T. F. FTTOAZI & CU, Agents it Montgomery
nviiMio. San Franoisca
<jaM*TL.K BAMBURCAMERICAS LHB
_Lnj#tf.'ny ■ Iwl.v-scr.EW EXl'RKil
fc'i^SL'^as*^- Une from Mew York to
piymouth(Lon<lon). Cherbourg, l'aria <fc Hamburg
Columbia . Aiay la 1 Columbia June 1J
F Bismarck May 27 Aug. Victoria. ..June 17
Normanuia Juue 3 | X l.isniMrck.... June 24
H»mi)nre-AmnrlcauLlnß,37 B'way. V.V.
KAHN&HERZOU, Agents, 401 California St.,
San Francisco, Cal.
STOCKTOS STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washlnsrton St^
At t". I*. 31. Daily. i-"reiKUL received 119 1
to .>::il> F. 81.
gpr Accommodations Reserved by Telephons.
The only line Belling through tickets and giving
through 'freight rates to all points on Valley
KaUroad. gTKAMERS:
I. O. WalVer, J. D. P«ter«,
Unry tiarratt. City of Stockton*
Telephone Main 80S. Cau Kav, and Impu Ua
FOR U. S. MY-YARD AID VALLEJO.
STIiAMEU ••SIONTICKL.L.O."
Mon., Tnes., Wed., Thurs. aud Sat
..9:45 a. it and 3 :1B p. sc (9 p. M. ex. Thurs.)
Fridays Ip.m.. 9 p.m.
bnndays 10:8i> a. m. and 8 c. St.
.Landing and ofnres, Mission Doc<. PlerJ.
Telepnone Oreon 381.
FOR JOSE. LOS GATOS A CRUZ
QTICAMER ALVISO LEAVES PIER 1 DAILY
' O (Sundays excepted) at. 10 a.m. Alvlso dally
.(Saturday excepted) at .7 v. v. Freight, and
Passenger. Fare between San Francisco an 4
Alviso, 50c; to Saa Jose, 75c, Clay su fi«*JL
liU W. banta Clara su siu> Jom. ';c, -.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.'
THE SAS FRASCISCO AUD SAS JOAQUII
VALLEY RAILWAY COVJUY.
FROM APRIL 15, 1897, passenger tralus wUI
run daily:
bonthbuund. Stations. Northbound.
7 -'2O a M Stockton 5:10 m.
9:19 a. M Mercel 3:14 P it.
11:10 a m Fresno 1:10 p jt
lor Intermediate stations see time-table.
' Connections— At Stockton with steamboats of
C. N. & I. Co., leaving San Fmnclsco and S.ockton
at 6 p. M. dally: at Merced with stages from Snell-
Ings, Couitervllie, Yosemite, Mariposa, etc; at
Lank.erah.lm wiih stage to and from Madera,
HXTtMOKV rBAVgQ _
HOCTIIMM rA«l»«> COMPAKT.
. (PACIITIO SYSIKM.)
Train- 1«»v«j »n«l nreduc to »rrl»e,»l.
" SAN FKANCIMO. [,
fMaln Litie, Foot of Market Street) k.
leave — From May 1. 1897. - ARRivg
"•3:OoXNiiis7Sau Jose and Way Stations .. . ••«•
7:O0a A Untie express, Ogue.. and liaat.. S:*3P
7:OOAUenieia. Sacraincnto, OroyUla and
■^Sbafste:^^ Ms?
7:OO i Vacavillc and Pvum5ey. . . . .......... «s43p.
7 3OA Martinez, San ßamon.yallejo. JM*
Caliatoga and Santa R05a. ........
*-i«» XiliM Man .lose, Ntocktou, lone, .
:3OA^&me»to M^ville. Chico. _
Tchamaaml.Keaiiluir £Ab£
•8:30 a Peters and Mi1t0ii....."........... e^.ia^
| 9;UWA New Orleans l':xi.r«H!.Meroe4Vresno.
UakcrsUcM. hanta l.arlmra. J.os
Angeles, Xtanli*. El *"•»
Oilcans ar.d Hast 2 J-
-9:00a Martinez &\vl Stockton V.t'iZ
•I:OOp Sa^ento iiwVr'sVcX^rs::::::::: Iffi
I :OOp NUes, San Joeo and lavermore 4 5:1**
1 1 i»Or Port Costa and Way Stations ....... t?.45»
4:«0i- Martinez, Kan Uamo'J. Aa ,"^°i
Napa. Callstoga, ICI Verano aua
- !0 - B s,il^^i-:-::-
villc iiudHaciHiuuntc.............. n-*O4l
* J3O " L S3S'|oSe^na
Tic'svn. going via Niles. returning ,
Tia Martim z •— • • • **>™n
s:9opLos Angeles Express. Tracy.
Freano, Mojave (tor nandsbarg),
Santa Uarbara and l.«m Augeles. T..a^
S:oOp.SanU I'o Koule. Atlantis Express
for Mojave anil Ku5t. . . . . ... .-.•■■ '•r.? Ai
6:O«r Kuropeaii Mail, Og.len and luist.... *»2J A
6:««i- ll:i.v»ard«. NUoaMHi Sau Jose <_-!««
{9:OUi> Vallejo a 1 ?•*»*?
6ioop Oregon Kx|«rcss, Sacramento, Marys-
villt-. Iteddli.K, Portland, Pii.et
Si ilan«l l':»<t <.1--»A
' »A> L-AMltiO AM» lIAI'WAKIW LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
i*6:OOAI ~ n ' ( J^JSf
»:OOa Uelrose, Semlnarr Park, jo-.5aT
«>oa Fitchburg, Elmhnrst, 11:« a.
ilt:O»A San Lenndro, South San Vf:i^»
tl V°oVv Leandro, EstudUlo, jaii^P
! S2*[ LoreD.o,Chern_ .VA*-
4:««i> . ''2..
5:00p ■«"> £'««-
-SJ3OP Ha,n.rd g . Zs&
8:OOp Runs through to Niles.' iSlsor
ttll:l"p; tFromXiieB - lttl2:»OP
NAMA (IH Z DIVISION (Narrow buugei.
__ (Foot of Market Street.) .
' }7:45 a Santi Kisci:r3iou, Santa Cruz _-_,
and Principal Way Stations J8:O_B<
B:_Sa Newark. Centervllle,K_ii.l<ise.Feltoii,
r.ouldtrCreek.SautaCruzandWay
♦ Stations 3«3«#
•8:1 Newark. CeiiterTi]}*, San .loae, NeW
Atiuadeu, Fclton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cm/ and Priuciiial Way
Stations 'IIIMA
4:1.1r Newark. S:;i. .li>ic i and l.<w (Jittos... iti'tOi,
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
FromSAS FRiJiCISCO— Foot of Mirktt Street (Slip 8) —
•7:15 0:00 11:00 a.m. U:OQ *2:00 t3:C3
•1:00 t5:00 *6:COr.M.
OAKI-RD— Foot or BrosdwiT.— '6:oo 8:00 10:OOa._:-
-tl2:00 »l:00 t2:00 **3:00 U:CO *S:OQp.IIh
COAST I>l VISION (llilril * TowiiM-ml Hit*.) ■
7:00 a Sau .leme uiul Wiiy Stations (New "T^
Almadcn Wednesdays only) 1180^
9:00 a San .lose, Tres I'inos, Suuta Cruz.
Pacilic Grove, Paso Robles, Sau
I.vis OUapo, Guadalape, Surf ami
Principal Way .Stations 4:l»Pi
1O:4Oa Sau Jose and Way Stations O:3Op-
M:3Oa Palo Alto and Way Stations 5:00p
•2:3« - San Mateo, Mcnlo Park, S_u Jose,
. Gilroy, Tres Piuos, oauta Cruz,
Salinas.Monterey PacilicGrovo MO: .0 .
•a::iOpSan Jose and Way Stations 9:40/_
•4:3Oi'SanJoeeainl Way Stations *H:Osa.
S:3(»r ,Sun.lotit;aijd Principal Way Stations •8:43 a.
6:»Op Sau Josoaud Way Stiitions O:".>A
f11:45i- San Joga and Way Stations +T_I«»P
« A for Moruing. P for Afternoon. •
• Sundays eicei>ted. t Sundays ODly. t Satunl.iffi onl^i
tt Monday, ThurB,lay and Saturday niguts only.
FRANCISCO & SORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Xlburon Ferry-Foot of Market Sb.
San Francifico to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00, 11:00 a.m.: 13:3T
8:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. M. Thursdays— trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— li;u trips at l:su
■nd 11:30 p. v.
6l;^•l)AYs^-^:00, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.: 1:30, 3:30k
6:00, .:20p. m.
San Kafael to Sin Francisco.
WEKK DAYS— 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. tt.-
-12:45, 8:40, B:1O p. it. Saturdays—
at 1:55 p. m. and 6:35 p. m.
BUNDAYS-8-.10, 9:40, 11:10 a. U.; 1:40, 3:10k
5:00, 6:25 p. M.
Between Ban Francisco and Schaetzea Parlc aanM
schedule as above.
.Leave I Tnolfoot Arrive
6an Francisco. ] A pril 26. Ban trancl
_1)a Y3. | bays, "-stlnation. BAYg^ | Day^
T:Soam 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 AM 8:40 a
S:3opm 9:3oam Petaluma, 8:10 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 PMj 6:22 pm
Fulton, \
1 :30 am Windsor, ! 10 :15 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
! GeyservtHe,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Clbverdale. 7:35 PSf 6:22 r*u
_____
j PTeti, 1
7:30 am Hopland & 1 10:25 am
8:30 pm l 8:00 am Ukiah. | 7:35 pm 6:22
7:30 am i 10:25
8:00 am Guern*iUe. 7:35 pm
S :30 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 1 8:40 am
and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm; Glen KUen. 6:10 6:22 pv
7:30 AM|8:00 am| Seba-t-n-i 110:40 AM'lo:2\ AM
8:30 pm 1 5 :00 pm | 0 " 810 01 - | 6:10 pm| 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Kosa for Mark \V><m
Sprines: at Geyservtlle for Ska^KS Springs; as
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for Highland
Springs, Kelseyvllle, Soda Bay and i.akcport: at
llopland for Lakeport and Bartlett Springs; at
Ukiah for Vichy Borings, Saratoga Springs, Blui
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Porno, Pottet
Valley. Jonn Day's, Kiverside, Llerley's, Buck-
nell's, sanhedrin Heights, Hullville, Booneville,
Orr's Hot Springs. Mendocino City, Fort Bragg.
Westport, Usal.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at rßdueed
rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to ait points t»
yond San Kafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chrontcln rralMln*
A. W. FOSTEK, K. x. RYAN,
I'rt-B. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. AgenL
Santa Fe
Limited.
On MONDAYS and
THIIIISDAYS the flrjt- _53^"l3S2*fe*Spft
class jfnllman sleeping-car H£SgfiS^&S^3
Uavl'is at & P. m. ronnf ts MBikrrcSgfrm^iMf^
at uarstovi- with th™ Santa MBavK*'^V4eji^B|
Fe limited train carrying gSg^^JSfßKa
dlnlng-cnr, buflt-t smoking- •J^Htjs.T'Kt^Sy
car and Pullman i:t.uc« 4%ru_&A>>£T?T^&
drawlnis-room sleeplnp-cxrs l22SS^2ii^fel
for both Chicago and St. , '^> "■•!%* «Jl|«f
Lnuls via Kansas City. f ■'.:..
IV-., Hays to Chicago or St. Louis.
€)4 D*j» to New York.
SANTA FE EXPRESS
Leaves dally at 6p. M. Pullman palace drawing*
room, also medern uphointered tourist sle*p!o -•-
cars, thrush to C hlcago via Kacsas City. Annex
cars for Denver and M. Louis.
Boston excursion* via Kansas City, Chicago,
Montreal and the White Mountains leave every
Tuesday; St. Paul excursions every Sunday.
Ticket Office, 644 Market n'reft, t rtron-
-1010 building. Telephone Main 1531.
SORTII PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Saaaallto Ferry).
Ifrom San Francisco, Commencing May % 1897
•' WKEKDAYi ..-/;
For Mill Valley and San Kafael— 'SrlS,
•i): 45. ll:-0 a. M.: *1:45, 3:. 0.4:00. 6:IS,
•t):00. 0:30 P. M.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, Wednss-
days and Saturdays a', 11:30 p. M.
:,....;; SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Kafael— »B :oo. *c:00,
•10:00.11:00. 11:30 a.m.; 1:00, »l:-!>, *2:BJ,
*4:00, 5:30, 6:45. 11:00 P. m.
11:00 a m. does not run to San Rafael; 5:80 and
1. :00 p. M- do not run 10 Mill Va'ley.
Trains marked « run to San Uuentln.
. THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a m. weekdays for Caiadera »nd way sta-
tions: 1:45 p m. Saturdays for Cazadero and
• way stations: 8:00 a. m. >undavs for Cazi-dero
and way stations: 9:00 a. M. Sundays for Po nt
Reyes and way station*
HOUiW TAMALPAIS,
TrainH connect with -North Pmolfla
Coast Railroad.
SK^SiMfuRV 1 * sau " uto fenyi
day?l V -1 4 V e 20 n p f amalpalS <U " y> MCept Bnn "
r Bztn trips leaving Tavern.Monday.Wt >«day
a .? t^»^;,7 m A - M M - : "O'day, Wedn*.:
PVNDAYS-Leave S. F. 89, 10, 11 a. k.; 1:45 i
: _.«•»■ v«; ; I'avern of Tamalpais— lo '■ 11:1 ° » _r •
12: 0 •':M>.4:l5. r.:2Sp m ' U>lo *• *-
Tlckts for sale In Mill Valley or THOS. cook
• BOKB, 6.1 Market st., S. iy (undeTt^acV-io.
t«l). Xelepnone, Main 60ti_, «. uaa e"^ac« **■WHY BRINCKERHOFF
REFUSED TO ACT
Says Secretary Thomas
Gave Him Inaccurate
Information.
Two More Appointments Are
Made on the Board of
Health.
Special Meeting Called for To-Night,
at Which the Programme May
Go Through.
Oakland Oftcie San Francisco Call,)
90S Broadway, May 5. \
Tfie Board of Health ia at last com
pleted. This afternoon Mayor Thomas
filed the appointment o! Drs. H. A. L.
Kyfkoeel and John P. Kitchings, who,
•with., Drs. Chamberlain, Itucker and
Eaton, now compose the board. With the
exception of Dr. Chamberlain ell are al
lopaths.
Dr. G. E. Brinckerhoff, who was ap- i
pointed Saturday and resigned yesterday,
tells a most peculiar story of the manner
in which he was induced to accept the ap
pointment. His statement shows that the
work was done by Harry Thomas, secre
tary of the Board oi Work?, acting for bis
father, the Mayor.
"I resigned because I found that I had
been misinformed 8S to the situation of
affairs at the time of my appointment,"
said Dr. Brinckerhoff to-day. "In reeard
to Dr. Pierce, the veterinaiy surgeon, 1
objected to his being put out of otiice, bui
1 was told by the Mayor's secretary, Harry
Thomas, that Dr. Pierce was not in the
contest, that he had no idea of being per
mitted to retain oflice, and that he had
worked against the election of Mayor
Thomas. I have since learned that these
statements were not true. Dr. Pierce al
ways has been an applicant for reappoint
ment, and be worked in tbe interests of
Captain Thomas during the campaign.
"This phase of the situation is a serious
one, because Dr. Pierce is a friend of mine
and has the reputation of being one of the
beit posted men in the State on tuber
culosis, and I know that he has rendered
this city invaluable service while in
office.
. "I cannot 8 fiord to put myself in the
position of endangering the health and
i.yes of the children, especially by voting
to put capable men out of office, when I
know that they worked on behalf oi the
Ilepublican ticket.
"In advance of my appointment the
name of Mr. Snow for secretary was pre
sented to me, and to him I had no objec
tion. Then Dr. Dunn's name for Health
' iilicer was presented. To this I objected,
Lvi young Thomas said that it must be
l>r. D.unn or the whole board would be
given to the homeopaths. There is a
bitter warfare just now in this city be
tween the regulars and the homeopaths,
and rather ttian see the board be given to
the homeopaths I agreed to Dunn.
"Finally Harry Thomas presented to
me a list, of names already written out.
When I saw it I particularly objected to
Dr. Pierce being superseded, but upon the
representations to which I have referred
1 cave way. 1 did not see tbe Mayor at
all during the negotiations until Satur
day, when our appointments weie formally
raade. We met that afternoon and car
ried out the programme as previously ar
ranged.
 "The Mayor was opposed to my resigna
tion and suggested a compromise regard
ing some of the appointments of the board.
Jut I would not consent to this. When I
found that I had not been correc'.ly in
formed, I made up my mind to resign and
have nothing more to do with the Board
of Health."
A special meeting of the board will be
held to-morrow night. There will be a
political rumpus should an attempt be
mad' to appoint a Democrat to succeed
i>r. Pierce, as the Republican platform
contained a strongly worded plank con
damning inch action. Now that it is
known that the Mayor, tbrough his son,
ip suggesting to the doctors certain people
to fill the offices within the gift of the
board, it is not believed that the pro
gramme of last Saturday will be carried
cut in its entirety.
ST. MARY'S FIELD DAT.
To-Dsy'j Events Will Include Cham
pion Hammer-Throwing.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 5. -The annual
field day of St. Mary's College Athletic
Association will be held on the college
campus to-morrow afternoon. A pro
gramme of more than ordinary interest
has been prepared, and one of the features
of the day will be the exhibition of ham
mer-throwing by the champion, Tom
Carroll. For two months Carroll has
been training the boys at throwing the
iron, and after the exercises there will be
come lively exhibitions of this branch of
athletics.
The following are the entries for the
various events:
100-yard dash (college championsbip)-Oli
ver Welch and Nestor Armijo.
1-00-yard maiden race— First heat: F.Michel,
V. Grey, E. Butler, J. Killian; second heat— J.
Jessen, M. Murphy, A. Huff.
16-pound hammer throw (handicap)— J. J.
Jessen, M. Murphy, M. Ferry.
Putting 16-pound shot (handicap)— J. Jes-
Feu, J. Brady and M. McCarthy, scratch ; M.
Ferry, 6 Inches: G. Cuneo, 10 incties; M. Mui
queeney, H. Huff ana G. Haywood. 1 foot.
2-0-yard handicap run— First heal: O.
M'elch, scratch; J. Ca=tro, 6 yards; G. Meyers,
7 yards; E. Butler, 8 yards: second heat— M.
Armijo, 3 yards; F. Michel, 5 yards; V. Grey, 7
yards.
Pole vault (lor distance;, handicap — O.
Welch and M. Murphy, scratch; J. Jessen, 6
inches; G. Cuneo and A. Pezzola, 1 foot.
Kunning high jump— J. Castro, J. Jessen, E.
But:er.
120-yard hurdle race— Fir»t heat: M. Mur
phy, J. Castro, V. Grey; second heat, G. Cuneo
and J. Jessen.
440-yard run (handicap) —M. Armijo,
scratch ; iV. Grey, 5 yards: J. Jessen, 3 yards;
H. Huff. 4 yards; E. Buuer, G yards; M. Mul
qoeenoy, 9 yards; G. Cuneo, 6 yards; J. Brady,
7 yards; J. Castro, 10 yards.
Running broad jump (handicap)— O. Welch,
scratch; J. Kllliau and F. Michael, ti Inches;
A. h'inan, 8 inches; V. <irey, 1 foot.
75-yard junior dash— P. Lomigin, C. Carroll,
K. -fcheely, B. Sheely, R, Coleman, A. HerTno.
Miie run, hundicap —J. Castro, H. Huff,
FCra'ch; V. Grey, 5 yards; K. Butler and A.
I'ezzola, 10 yard's; G. Cuneo, 15 yards.
Tug-of-war: First tf-am— F. Silva, captain;
M. Murphy, F. Samim^n, L. Torm«y, E. But
ler, M. Ferry. A. Finaii, EL Guichard, J. Asca
har. Second leam— W. McCarthy, captain; J.
Brady. J. Jessen, G. Haywood, M. Muiqueeney,
0 Welch, H. Huff. G. Cuneo, F. McGuire.
The officials of the meet will be: Track
judges— J. H. Donovan, J. Magulre, W. J. Mc-
I'onald, L. Aurrecalchea. Timers— F. M. SUva,
J: F. Atteridge, W. McCartney. Field judges—
M. Ferry, Leo Tarmey, W. Sullivan. Inspec
tors—A. Finan, H. Frierinuth, B. Phelan, R.
Guichard. Officers of the day— J. W. Solen,
referee; G. E. Hayward, announcer; John J.
McDonald '91, starter; M. J. Rattigan, mar
thai: B. J. Fiood, clerk of course; J. F. Cone,
scorer.
Change of Superintendent*.
OAKLAND, Cal.. Way s.— William F.
Gibson succeeded W. F. Rudolph as gen
eral manager of the Grove-street system
to-day and Mr. Rudoloh retnrnel to the
Central-aveuue line, which he left Janu
ary 1. No n-K^on is given for the chance.
The Soft Glow of the Tea Rose
is acquired by ladies who use Pozzoni's
Complexion Powdbr Try it.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
REV. S. A. STEEL, D.D., OF NASHVILLE.
OAKLAND, Cal , Mny 3.— The leading feature of the sixth annual State conference of the
Epworth League of the Methodist Church South will be the address of the orator of the confer
euce, .Rev. B. A. Steel of Nashville, Term. He will deliver his celebrated lecture on "The Pio
neers of Methodism in America," which will be the only session open to tno public. The pro
gramme for the conference extends from the evening of Wednesday, the 19th. to the following
Minday evening. About 200 delegate*, representing the seventy-four leagues throughout the
State, will be present. The c >mmittees of the Oakland league who are making the necessary
arrangements for the conference are:
Arrangements and entertainment— W. H. Waste (president), Miss Gertrude Prather (secre
tary), S. H. Stuart, Mrs. I.O.Nielsen, Miss Mary Prather; decoration — Miss Ida Hawn, 8. H.
Stuart, William Dailey, Miss Minnie McKnight; finance— J. D. Harris, Rev. H. M. McKntght, I.
O. Nielsen; music— Mrs. W. H. Wast*. Miss Mlunle McKnight, Miss Kittle E wing. Miss Lulu
Jolly, "The Sweet Singerof California," who captured Eastern Y. P. 8. C. E. conventions sev
eral years ego, will probably be present.
TO BEAUTIFY THE PARK.
Many Competitors Anxious to
Win the Board of Works'
Prizes.
The Great Dream of John P. Irish I>
About toßr Realized on tbe West
Oakland Marsh.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
UOS Broadway, May 5. j
The Board of Worfcs had a very agree
able task this morning. When it met its
desks were covered with some elaborate
and artistic plans for the adornment of the
West Oakland Park.
Tlie board offered a prize for the design
that was most acceptable, and eleven com
petitors submitted tfceir efforts in twelve
colored drawings which were opened to
day. Two of the designs are particularly
attractive, though it would cost a erood
sum of money to carry them out
These plans provide for a large flapst&ff
in the center, a grand triple fountain, a
music pavilion, an observatory three
stories high, concourse grounds, an open
ampitheater with seats, baseball grounds,
tennis lawns, cafe creamery, bicycle track,
gymnasium, conservatory, twin lakes,
bridges, police stations, drinking-foun
ains, grotto, parade around, aquarium,
sheds and electric lie lit pole 3.
Ti is is about all that can well becrowded
on the eleven acres purchased by the city,
but it is hoped that an equal amount of
land to the north, reaching as far as
Twenty-second street, will soon be added
to tne West Oakland Park. Another very
beautiful plan is that of Leon Boiliot, tne
newspaper artist.
The contractors are ready to begin work
at once on filling in the marsh, and, as
the dredger in use has proved to be very
powerful, it will not be many months be
fore the great dream of John P. Irish's
life has been realized.
SCHOOLS TOR PRUITVALE.
District Development Demands the Is-
suauce of Bonds.
OAKLAND, Cal., May s.— On the 22d
of May a bond election will be held in the
Fruitvale School District. Owing to the
growth of the district a new school has
become an absolute necessity in the lower
end. The big building in the upper part
of Fruitvale is full and cannot accommo
date the children of the whole district.
Applications for admission to the school
have had to be denied for some time be
cause of lack of room.
The trustees own a lot on Twenty- sixth
avenue and the bonds to the amount of
$10,000, if voted for, will be used to erect
on this lot a building suitable to the pres
ent needs and future requirements of
Southern Fruhvale.
PISE AT EMERYVILLE.
A Home and llarn Destroyed, bat the
School Saved.
OAKLAND, Cal., May s.— There was a
fire at the Emeryville schoolhoase to-day,
which burned a large shed which forms a
part of tne building. The new town has
not as yet acquired a tire department, but
an engine was sent from this city, and
although too late to save the shed It did
save the schoolhoase.
Two stables in the rear of the school
hou<>«» were also destroyed. A filly valued
at $500 was burned to death in one of the
staoles, and the hor*e Toano broke her
fastenings and ran off with her blanket on
fire, and was not caught for several hours.
Price of a Wife'g Affection.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 5.-Tne suit of
W. H. Frost agninst (irove L. Tinkham
for $10,000 damages for alienating the
affections of his wife hag been set for trial
the 21st of September. Tinkham is a son
of tne late propneior of the Tinkham
stables and was clerk at the narrow
gauge railroad denot. Frost was also an
employe of tlie company and was recently
granted a divorce on the ground of
cruelty. Afier the divorce Tinkham and
Mrs. Frost left town ai the same time,
and it was reported they had gone off
together, but a few day* later Tinkham,
who was ti»«n in San Jcse, denied that
such was tne case.
falibury Declared Insolvent.
OAKLAND, Cal., May s.— Another
stage in the financial troubles of Monroe
Salsbury, the Pieasanton horseman, was
reached to-day when he was adjudged an
involuntary insolvent upon a petaion of a
number of his creditors. The petition de
clares that the Pieasanton stoci; tarm was
a dummy corporation, and that it was in
reality an. alias that Salsbury used to the
disadvantage of his creditors. Upon the
9howine of the creditors' attorneys Judge
Hall granted the order prayed for.
An Old Man Waylaid.
OAKLAND, Cal., May s.— Morris Rosen
berg was beaten near Lincoln plaza last
night by a younsc fellow with a cane. He
turned on his assailant and with his own
cant- he gave him several blows on the
head and shoulders. Mr. Rosenberg be
lieved that the man was waiting to cane
some other party and fell upon him by
mistake. He is over 80 years of age and
THE SA;N FRAJS i CISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY fi, 1897.
does not believe that he has an enemy
who would willing commit any such out
rage.
THE PUBLIC LIBRARY.
Breaking the Record for Reading— Class
of Books Most in Demand.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 6.— The report
of Librarian Harbourne for the month of
Apr 1 shows that more books were called
for during that period than in any other
month in the history of the library. The
total number was 11,489. Fiction consti
tuted 48 S per cnt, juvenile 15.9 and other
classes 35.3. While the record of with
drawals was the largest there was a de
cided decrease in tic! ion and a correspond
ing increase in "solid" reading.
Small Fire.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May s.— There was a
small blaze in the residence at the corner
of Ban Antonio avenue and 6t. Charles
street this afternoon, caused by a spark
from the chimney. The department was
promptly on the ground and extinguished
the flames before much damage was done.
The building belongs to Mrs. Lottie
Meneke.
Notes.
Yo«emlte Council of the Junior Order United
American Mechanics hold an enjoyable
smoker last evening, which was enliveued by
speeches, songs and other amusements.
Some Alameda ornithologists have discov
ered a colony of blue cranes whose nests are
built on the ground instead of in trees. It has ;
always been claimed by naturalists that these !
birds never nested anywhere except la trees.
City Engineer Poyzer ol Alameda has been
called on by the Oakland authorities to give
his opinion as to the use ol salt water in
sprink.iiiK the streets. He is heartily in favor
of it and enumerates many advantages to be
gained by such use.
A call has been issued by prominent gentle
men in this city for a convention to discuis the
work of Christian men for men. It will be heid
in Oakland on the 17th lrut.
The remains of Charles J. Schultheiss, who
died on Monday from the effects of a full sus
tained in San Francisco, will be cremated at |
the Odd Fellows' Cemetery to-morrow.
Company G, First Infantry, N. G. C, was in
spected to-night by Brigade Inspector Jan-
Ben and Captain Carrinjjton, U. S. A. The
muster-roll looted up 65, those present to
night 51 and the regular percentage of attend
ance 93.
Kbell Hose Show.
OAKLAND, Cal., May s.— Mrs. A. W.
Bishop, who is in c'large of the rose show
to be given at the Ebell rooms to-morrow
afternoon and evening, has extended an
invitation to the public to attend. In the
evening Mrs. Charles G. Reed will give a
talk upon roses and Mrs. Olive Reed will
render a vocal solo.
Friend of the Poor Man.
The Poor Man's Friend Company has been
incorporated by Samuel Lesser, Henry Bres
lauer, William Creger, Harry Friedlander and
9. JoseDh Theisen, with a capital stock of
$5000, of which $4980 is subscribed by Mr.
Breslauer and $5 each by the other incorpo
rators. The purpose announced is to deal in
all kinds of merchandise.
THE NEW OFFICIALS AND THEIR IDEAS— NO. 2.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 4. — Councilman Cavellier's father was a brave soUier, and
taught his children to love flags. The Councilman has the Idea that flags should be
c very where. When he ran for office he had flags on his election cards; he made a SDeech and
said flags were at the head and foot of his children's bed so they could see it last tning at
night and first thing in the morning. Mr. Caveliier nas worked hard for the West Oakland
park, ana wants every tree on it decorated with flags. He says there is a place for everything
and the place for the flag is everywhere. In fact Councilman Cavellier's flag idea was so well
bruited during the campaign that whenever a flag was seen some one would ask "Where is
Cavelliert"
THE TESTIMONY
WAS DOCTORED
Felony Charges Against
Old William Clarke
Dismissed.
Little Msb3l Samson Had Been
Instructed in What She
Sbou d Say.
A Famous Case Speedily Disposed of
by a Jury, Wbich Was Re
quested to Acquit.
Oakland Office, San Francibco Call }
908 Uroadway, May 5. ,f
William Clark, the old man of East
Oakland charged with assaulting little
eirls, was released to-day, the jury hav
ing found him not guilty.
About a year ago this case created great
interest, owing to the manner in which
Dr. J. W. Ellis, pastor of the Centennial
Presbyterian Chureu, criticized the pro
ceedings of the Prosecuting Attorney' 3 of
I lice in the newspapers. The minister wrote
j several letters in which he alleged that
improper means were being taken to ob
tain testimony from the little girls.
Harry H. Melvin, the court prosecutor,
, indignantly denied the insinuations of
j Dr. Ellis, and at the preliminary exami
| nation Clnrk was held to answer on a
I charge of felony.
In the Superior Court to-day testimony
| was given which did not suit Mr. Melvm,
I who was conducting the case for the rro-e
--cution, and he promptly asked the Judge
to instruct the jury to acquit.
In the morning the testimony of Mabel
Swanson was taken. She made certain
statements in which she Baid she had not
been coached regarding her testimony by
any one. Other witnesses followed and
from the trend of their testimony it was
seen that the Siranson girl had been in
structed.
Later in the afternoon Mabel Swanson
was recalled and during her cross-ex
amination spoke of having forgotten cer
tain things and of having made mistakes
and of having conversations about testi
mony in which sue was to say certain
things and not to say other things, and
all this so convinced Mr. Melvin that
somebody had allowed her zeal to over
come her discretion that he therefore
asked for the prisoner's acquittal.
The court stated that it did not feel that
it was empowered to instruct the jury to
acquit, but a little later when the jury
went to the juryroom to consider their
verdict they were only absent three min
utes before they returned with a verdict
of not guilty.
Clark is 70 years of age and he has stated
all along that the evidence against him
was doctored. The tales told by the girls,
however, seem to fco particularly straight
and convincing and Clark was held under
heavy bonds.
LIGHTING THE MOLE.
n-1.-iy Caused by the Poles Being Too
Light to Carry the Wire*.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Way s.— The narrow
; gause mole will not be lighted by elec
tricity as soon as had been expected.
City Electrician Wiese has been stringing
the wires, but has found that for a portion ;
of the distance the poles are, in his
opinion, too light to stand the strain or
(he metal daring a gale of wind, and he
! tbioka they are apt to give way just at the
most inopportune lime and leave the mole
in darkness, thereby causing unjust re
> flections upon the quality of electricity
| furnisbel by ttiis city. The railroad offi-
I cials do not a^ree with him and say the
poles are heavy enough. There are only
ten poles in the gap to be covered, but
Wieee has stopped work and will not re
sume operations until the af'alr is settled
to bis satisfaction.
INDUSTRY'S TROUBLES.
A Stockholder in the Newspaper
Charges Conspiracy.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 5. —W, B. Soule
haa brought suit acainst the stockholders
of Industry, ths Populist weekly paper,
for several hundred dollars which he
claims aa wage?.
In his complaint Soule makes many
allegations against J. C. Buttner, secretary
and manager of the company, whom he
charges with having illegally gained con
trol of much of the otock and refusing to
trive Soule a share of the proftta. It is
also charged that Buttner conspired with
Messrs. Moore, Hennessy and Bnsh of the
Populist State Central Committee to cet
1600 shares, which is a majority of 3000,
mid that by so doing he could throw out
Editor Preble, and to prevent Soule from
having any share in the management. It
is alleged that the corporation did not
comply with the law and ha« therefore,
no legal existence, and tuat Buttner has
transferred 1000 shares to his wile to avoid
his responsibility.
CANNOT BUILD A TUNNEL.
An Unexpected Decision From the Dis
trict Attorney Dampen* the Ardor of
the Oakland Supervisors
OAKLAND, Cal., May s.— The joint
meeting of the Supervisors, the represent
atives of the Oakland and Aiameda gov
ernments, the Merchants' Exchange and
the Board of Trade to consider the tunnel
proposition was held to-night.
District Attorney Snook rendered an
opinion that was somewhat disappoint
ing to those present. He stated that
under the law the Supervisors were em
powered only to build bridges, and that
they could not assist in any undertaking
to tunnel beneath the estuary.
This opinion dampened the ardor of the
meeting, and it was decided to make an
effort to have the tunnel built by the two
cities, if possible, independent of the
county.
QUIZZED BY HOWISON.
E. B. McGilvary Becomes a Doctor of
Philosophy.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 5.— E. B. Mc-
Gilvary passed his linal examination for
the degree of doctor of philosophy to-day,
being publicly questioned for three hoars
by Professor Howison on logic and phil
osophy.
The examination was a searching in-'
quiry into ihe history of logic and phil
osophy, as well as into present systems of
thought, and attracted a large audience of
students and professors. At tho end of
the trying ordeal the new doctor of phil
osophy was congratulated by many who
had heard the discussion on the showing
he had made.
Dr. McGilvary is an instructor in logic
at Berkeley college. His stuuies for the
degree of Ph.D. have been under Profes
sors McCosh. Patton, C. W. Hodge, W. H.
Green and Moffatt in Princeton Univer
sity, and in California under Professor
Howison.
Meeting: of the Library Trustees.
BERKELEY, Cal., May s.— The library
trustees met last evening. F. iv. Shat
tnck was elected president and D. R.
Moore secretary of the board. The salary
of the secretary was fixed at $15 per
month. D. K. Moore also receives $70 per
month as librarian, to which position he
was elected. The board also elected W.
R. Dickieson curator of the reading room
in West Berkeley at $-5 a month salary,
and Mrs. S. Stiilwell curator at Lorin at
$25 a month.
Trustee Ketrigns.
BERKELEY, Cal., May s.— John Mar
tin has tendered his resignation as Trus
tee, as his private business does not give
him time to attend tbe meetings. The
resignation will be considered next Mon
day.
All Miy Make Doctors.
BERKELEY, Cal., May s.— The Acad
emic Senate to-day decided that doctors'
degrees may be granted in all colleges of
the university, except that of civil en
gineering. •
SECOND DAY'S SESSION
Grand Council of the Legion of
Honor Instructs Its Dele
gates.
Officers Who Will Gavern the Order
in California for the N xt
Tw i Years
Grand Commander Thomas Filben of
the Grand Council of the Le.ion of Honor
called the delegates to order for the second
day's session yesterday morning.
The delegates to the Surreme Council,
which will convene in Buffalo, X. V., next
August, were instructed by resolution as
to tne need of several amendments to the
eeneral laws. Among these is one ex
tending by filteen days the time within
which suspended members may be rein
stated; also one to favor such action as
shall allow members of the order, who
are in insurance class B, which is to be
done away with, to enter class A at any
time in the future instead of compelling
them to do so, if at all, by July 1.
A long discussion was had on a proposi
tion to so amend the suicide clause in the
insurance certificates of the oraer ns to
make it conform to the ordinary usage of
commercial insurance companies. In
other words, instead of having tue fact of
a man's death by suicide vitiate his policy
in ail cases, the amendment proposed that
it should liave no effect whatever unless
tue act of suicide took place within two
years after the issuing of the policy.
A spirit of retrenchment seized the body
in muking its appropriations lor the en
suing two years. The salary of the secre
tary was cut down from $I*2oo to $900 per
year and the contingent fund of the grand
commander from $500 to $400 per year,
while economy will be practiced in the
secretary's office wherever it can witnout
actually hampering the administration.
The per capita tax was fixed at $1 20 per
member for the next two years.
Under a special order of business the
election of officers was taken up last night.
The result was as follows:
Grand commander, Thomas Filben, Marys
ville; grand vice-commander, William Motz
ner, San Francisco; grand orator, J. H. Sea
well, Uklah; grand secretary, C. O. Burton,
San Francisco; grand treasurer, \V. H. H.
Hamilton, Oakland; grand chaplain, Rev. 1).
O. Kelly, San Francisco; grand guide, Mary
C. Snyder, Grass Valley; grand warden. John
A. Hryer. Nevada City; erond sentry, Aimena
M. Moser, Mokelumne Hill; grand trus
tees — E. V. Joues of Los Angeles, A. 11. Cum
in ings of Sanger and J. O. Jephson of San
Francisco; finance committee— John F. Pint
ham of San Francisco, Gus Pohlmann of San
Francisco and J. EL liaker of San Francisco.
The new officers were at once instailed.
A Concert to Mr. White.
A testimonial concert was given to Henry
Kirke White Jr. at the Choir House of the
Church of the Advent, 1534 Mission street,
last evening. A full house greeted tha artists
and enjoyed the select programme. Tiie ac
companist wns R. Fletcher Tilton. Among the
iiuiiibura especially enjoyed were the two songs
by Frank Coffin, the sextetto from ''Lucia"
and the bass solos of Mr. £rskine and Mr.
Williams, and Mrs. Wood's and Mr. Lombard's
concerted numbers.
Tne programme was as follows:
Chorus. "Hall, Smiling Morn" (Spoffortn),
Chuich of the Advent Choir; quartet, "Comrades
In Arm*" (Ailasn), Messrs. J<ombaid, Mct.aslin,
While and William*; duet, "La <i uarem" from
'•Don Giovanni" (Mozart), Miss Hpsier and Mr.
White; song, selected, Frank Cofliu; sextet,
'■Miserere" from "II frovatoro" (Verdi), Mrs-
Wood, Mr. Lombard and semi-chorus: songs, (a)
"Que sdegno," (6) "Fossenti isunti" (Mozari), Mr.
F.rskinn; chorus from "Kobin Jlood," Mr. Wil
liams and cno.'us; sextet, "Chi ml frena" from
'•Lucia" (Donizetti), Mrs. Wood, Master hiugden
and quartet; duet. ''Lost, Proscribed" from
"Martha" (Flotow); song, "Will o' the Wisp"
(CtK-rry), Mr. Williams; quartet, "T.hey Kissed."
lioulevnrrt Fund.
The Balboa boulevard fund at the close of
yesterday's collections stood:
Previous subscriptions ft $28,867 16
Added from butchers' Board of Trade.. iJ.iO 00
M. Le Baron 10 00
J. G. Gobey 5 00
I>. Stone <fc Sou 6 00
Total $29,137 16
The committee thinks that with a couple of
thousand dollars the boulevard would be put
in such condition as would make it passably
goori until alter the next winter's rains, when
some repairs will possibly be necessary. There
are 250 men at work there at presenr.
The fac-simile /rf Jl&?* *** v Olx ever wrapper
signature of yta^^Z^Zi: of CASTOEIA.
OLD MARS HONORS CUPID
Presidio O.'icers Give a Dinner-
Dance for Miss Ethel
Cohen.
Roses end Forge t-Me-Nots and Old
Battle-Flags Mingle in the
Decorations
The officers of the messroom of the Pre
sidio gave an elaborate dinner, followed
by a dance, at their Assembly Hail last
evening in honor of their brother officer,
Lieutenant Bent, and his fair young
fiancee. Miss Ethel Cohen.
Lieutenant Palmer took entire charge of
tiie affair, and by his able management
won qraise from all quarters.
The upper end o! the Assembly Hall
was partitioned off with Hags and the
National bunting, making a handsome'
dining-room. Here the long table was
spread and elaborately decorated with
roses and forget-me-nots. At either end
and in the center of the board was a mag
niticent banquet-lamp, shedding over the
entire scene a subdued light that greatly
enhanced the beauty of the scene.
In tiie hail proper old battle-flags were
suspended overhead, crossed sabers
adorned the walls, and in each of the four
corners was placed a shining stack of
arms.
The messroom was made bright with
fragrant flowers ana was used for a recep
tion room. Stationed opposite the dining
room, in the billiard-ball, was the
Presidio band. Mrs. Berkhimer and
Dr. White, president of the officers' mess,
received the guests, who were: Miss
Ethel Cohen, Miss Emma Butler, Mrs.
Gil'bons, Mis 3 Kate Salisbury, Miss
Mamie McNutt, Mis* Kip, Miss Ber:iice
Drown, Miaa Murjone Young, Miss Pratt,
Miss Berkhimer, Miss Voorhies, Lieuten
ant Bent, Dr. EJie, Lieutenant Croxton,
Lieutenant Noble, Lieutenant Carson,
Lieutenant Rutherford, Lieutenant Gard
ner, L'euteDant Boyd, Lieutenant Nolan,
Lcutenant Kilburn and Lieutenant
Hams.
Dinner was served at 7:30 p. M., and
after the elaborate menu dancing was in
augurated.
The juveniles attending the dancing
academy of the Misses Shean wM give a
grand May festival at Franklin Hall on
Filimore street, between Suiter and Bush,
to-morrow evening. The grand march
will begin at 8:30, and the fancy figures
will be brought into relief by calcium
light effects.
WILL VISIT THE PUGS.
Olympic Directors Will Drive to Blan
ken's in h Stagecoach on
Friday.
Howard Taylor, the handsome and mus
cular leader of the Olympic Club, has
been practicing for the past few morn
ings driving eight spanking horses to a
tally-ho in Golden Gate Park.
It is said that hs has mastered the rib
bons, and on Friday afternoon Mr. Taylor
will give a select number of members of
the Olympic Club an opportunity of see
ing how neatly he can perform the trick
that made famous some of the stagecoach
whips of early days in California.
At noon on Friday, and in accordance
with instructions from Sir William Ken
nedy, the noted linguist of the Olympic
Club, the directors and a few prominent
members will take possession of a reaJ
couch that has been selected for the oc
casion by the Hon. Jack McGlynn and a
start will be made from the club for
Blankens' Six-mile House, where Henry
Baker and M;ke Leonard are training for
a fistic carnival that will be held on the
evening oi'the 18th inst.
Kennedy is desirous of proving to the
director* ihat Baker is really training
properly for his match with Jeffries, and
to satisiy the visitor* of this fact he has
ordered Patricius Corrigan, Josepuu* Rea,
Billy Smith and Jue Kennedy, pusilists of
sutne local note, to be at Blanken's train
ing station sliarp at 3 o'clock on Friday
afternoon.
According to programme Baker will box
each of the men named three rouuds, and
Mr. Kennedy is of the opinion that the
te»t will give tbe directors an opportunity
of seeing for themselves the condition
Baker is in at present. Leonard will also
be given a try-out, and as a matter of
course a few hours of good sport at
Bianken's is anticipated by those who will
witness to bouts.
Steve O'Donnell, who has been matched
by the club to tight Alex Greggains in
June, will arrive on Samrday with his
trainer, Billy Madden. The club is now
figurine on matching McCoy and Creedon
:or its July entertainment.
Possibly one of tue best caras that has
buen arranged by any of the local clubs in
many days is the Green and McKeever
twenty-round contest, which will be held
in tho hitter part of this month or early in
May under the auspices of the National
Club. McKeever will arrive from the
East to-day, and as he will bring with
him a great record doubtless a large gath
ering of sports will meet him at the ierry,
JUMPED INTO BOILING TAR
The Insane Freak of Marcus
Markowitz, a Small Con
tractor.
It To k Sjver.iL Policemen to Hold Him
While Being Taken to the
Receiving Hospital.
Marcns Markowitz, a small contractor
living at 16 August place, created a sensa
tion in the neighborhood of Stockton and
Geary streets about 5 o'clock yesterday
afternoon.
He had taken the contract to tar the
roof of a house on Geary street, near
Stockton, and was boiling the tar in a
large kettle in the rear of a house on Mor
ton street.
The tar caught fire and MarKOwitz seized
the kettle and rushed out into Geary
street with the kettle in his hand. He
ran down Stockton street, and at Morton
street he threw down the kettle and
jumped into the boiling tar with tne in
sane idea of stamping out the tiames.
Several citizens rushed forward and
grabbed hold of Markowitz and dragged
him back. Several policemen were at
tracted to the scene by the man's furious
struggles to get away from the men who
were holding him a-< he fought to get free
and jnmp into the boiling tar again.
Maruowitz was taken to the Receiving
Hospital and it look the combined
strength of four policeman to hold him in
tlie wagon.
When he was placed on the operating
table he got quieted and Dr. Thompson
was able to attend to hi-j injuries'. His
right foot and leg and left hanil were
badly burned.
As he appeared to be temporarily out of
his mind lie was placed in a Dadded cell
and last night he was able to talk quite
rationally. He was suffering intense paio
from the burns.
Shot Her Son-in-I-aw.
The preliminary examination of Mrs. Maria
Latham for assault to murder was held before
acting Police Judpe Ktrngan yesterday
morning. Slie was uccused ot shooting her
faction Sales
AUCTIOJ SALE TODAY,
May 6, commencing at 1 o'clock of Branch Bak*
cry, Notions, Candies and Jars, Counters and
Shelves, Show-case; also 1 Bedroom set, complete,
Chatrs, .Lounge, Tables, Dishes and Crockery, 1
Cookstove, as a whole or in lots, at 817 Eighth st.
FRANK 'IRaCY. Anctloneer.
son-in-law, Julius Pinto, an attorney. The
Judge held her to answer before the Superior
Court in $3000 bonds.
PHILADELPHIA'S CONGRESS.
Senator Perkins and Mirk L McDonald
Will Represent This State.
Word was received by the State Board
of Trade yesterday that the Philadelphia
Museum's industrial coneress will meet
on June lin that city. Delegates from all
of the Spanish-American countries will be
present, and it is expected that it will be
the most representative gathering of its
Kind ever held in the United States. The
lirst day will be devoted exclusively to
business, the discussion of commercial
questions and the devising of ways and
means by which the Western countries
will work more to the benefit of each other
and all.
The second day will be more of a social
feature, and the delegates will get better
acquainted. On that occasion President
McKir.ley and his Cabinet and the foreicn
Ministers will arrive from Washington by
a special train and participate in the
sociability of the occasion. Tnis meeting
will be held in the Academy of Music
building.
Some time ago the California State
Board ol Trade decided to send on an ex
hibit of the products of the State to the
Philadelphia Museum. The board will be
represented at the coming congres* by
Senator Perkins and Mark L. McDonald
of Santa Rosa.
MIDWEEK THEATER NOTES
The Vim and Spirit of "El
Capitan " Find Popu : ar
Favor.
•'East Lynne" Can Still Extiact
Tears— Disguises at the
Grand.
"El Capitan" has so much to recom
mend it that no wonder the Klein-Sousa
operetta is nightly filling the Baldwin
Theater. The stage pictures pres-nted by
the beautiful scenery and costumes are
veriiable triumphs of scenic art; the
sparkling libretto cives splendid comic
opportunities to De Wolf Hopper, of
which he avails himsblf to the utmost,
and the marches in which the score
abounds have all the wel -known Sousa
swing and crispness to them. The en
gagement of De Wolf Hopper is limited to
two weeks. Nat Goodwin follows him.
Ward and Yokes are still filling the Colum
bia Theater with amused audiences in "A
Run on the Bank." Next week they will be
succeeded by Sadie Martinot and the "Excel
sior Jr." company.
That champion tear- extractor, "East
Lynne," is proving one of the mou popular
productions that the Alcazar has seen tor
sometime; evidently age cannot wither it.
Next week a farcical comedy, "Nita's First,"
followed by Frances Power's Chinese play,
"The First Born," will be produced.
"An American Hero," at the Grand, Is an
interesting play, In which the characters as
sume an unusually large number of clover
disguises, either lor purposes of villainy or
else to foil it. The disguises are all well car
ried out, and the many scenic opportunities o(
the play are made the most of.
"Shamus O'Brien" continues to pack the
Tivoli, and the demand for seats is so heavy
that It has been resolved to prolong the opera
through next wtek. The song, "Maureen,"
which Denis O'S'jilivan has introduced into
the first act, has made a hit.
The Opheum's bill contains a long list of
popular acts. Al and Mamie Anderson have
made quite a hit with their colored specialty
turn. Fleurette arid tier four dancers have
danced ihemse!ves into the eood will of the
public, and Mile. Ani's gymnastic act is thril
ling and picturesque.
Stole a Horse and Buggy.
Robert Critcher was yesterday held to an
swer before the Superior Court by Judge
Campbell in $2000 bonds on the cnarge of
grand larceny. He was accused of stealing a
horse and buggy in January last belonging to
E. \V. Schwartz and disposing of the rig.
Police Trib mal.
The Police Commissioners met last night.
Policeman Joun P. Woest was fined $50 tor
drinking in a saloon when on duty and re
porting off duty in a drunken condition. Po
licemen H. D. Jackson and H. H. Murphy were
each fined $25 for using improper remarks
during inspection.
NEW TO-DAY.
A TRUE VITALIZER.
il\ ■ v9nM s|m wffiß B
&[■ fJLL+jxL ■■ ■-.- r-t - -^.TTT^7-,-- . v '
U . 13
"DR. PIERCF/.S ELECTRIC B'LT."
AN APPLIANCE THATGIVKS SPAKKS OF
Xl. life Into your nerves. S'psrlcs that you feel.
Its power Is felt upon tho surface of the body in
one moment. It permeates ev?ry vital func.ion.
Every lecturer on the public platform, every
Dliysician of note, every scientific woric tnat you
read, tells yon thai "Klectricity Is Life." hvery
element of your being givts denjons ruticn of the
truth or this assertion. It is a f act. ■■?• o one doub:s
it. With your nerves and blocd charged with -.his
electric force there is no cliancs for disease, no
place tor weakness. It is th" fundamental princi-
ple of vlgoroui iiiiinho. & and womanhood. - \Vh
It is diiense cannot be. It cures without drugging
the stomach. Hive It a trial. Dr. Pierces I'at-
ented jKelt is warranted to be superior to all oth-
ers, and Is sold at KKASONaULE PRICE*. Buy
no belt till you see Dr. Pierces.
Cull or send for FKKt; BOOK. Address DR.
PIERCE & SON, 704 Pacramentost.. cor. Kearny,
or 640 Market st. , below Kearny, Saa FrancUco.
Agents as follows: Hodeii trug Co. , t-tocWton ;
R. K. Gogings, bacramemo, ana O. O. Morehead,
San Josn. '
JB5- For RT'PrVHE use "DR. PIERCE' 3
Ma netic El»stlc Truss." t
MADE .ME A MAN
§AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CUEE
kr "I I Hi JSVrrou* IHaettsts— Failing Mem-
K-f £,] ory, Impotencr, Sleeplessness, etc., caused
If ,\ I by Abase or other Excesses and Indis-
X cretions, TJiey quickly and Murelu
\ ~"~7 re6toro Lost Vitality in old or yoang. ana
fit a man for study, business or m.irriaga.
*Vvf|^Q(> Prevent Insanity and Consamptioa if
taten in me. Their ase shows immediate improTe-
ment and effects a cli vrhero all other fail In-
pi-t npoa having tho gennine Ajax Tablets. They
have cared thousands and wil 1 care yoa. We eive a pos-
itive written guarantee to effect a care CA tf*TC in
each caso or refund the money. Price 9V V I Wiper
package; or six pkgps (full treatment) for $2.50. ' By
mail, in plain wrapper, npon receipt of price. fircnlar
«"° AJAX REMEDY CO Chlrafo, 111.
For sale In San Francisco, ("a 1 ., by Owl Drug ro.
1128 Market St.. and Leipnitz <fe Co.. 250 Sutterst
a Gibbon's Dispensaiy,
625 KK.tR.VV «T. Established
I in 1854 for the treatment of Privato
' Dise«s«-s, Lost Manhood. Debility or
| wearlnßon body and mindand
.Sltin Dispast'B. doctorcures
others fail. Try him. Ohnrgas low.
urex^iiar jini«-«d. CullorwritC
Or. 4. V. viIBUOJi. Box 1937. 5 an Francisc*
1112
CLOCK-WINDER STRIKING
Most of the Cit7 Hall Timepieces
Have Stopped Keeping
Time.
Weuze', Denied Increased Fay, Gives
Up His Peculiar Posi
tion.
Time is money, and as he cannot get
the money he wants R. G. Wenzel, mv-
nicipal clock-winder, refuses to put in his
time on the clocks at the City Hall and
has gone on a strike. The consequence is
that two-thirds of the clocks at the City
Hall have not been running for the paat
three days and those city employes who
do not possess watches often have to go
into adjacent offices when they desire to
know whether lunch hour has arrived or
when it is- second drink time.
When the clocks stopped three days ago
a roar went up from the big building and
half a dozen departments straightway
sent notices to Wenzel tnat the timepieces
were out of repair and needed bis imme
diate attention. Tula is a sample of the
answers received:
Health Office. New Ctty Hall. )
City, May 3, 1897. j
Postal card in regard to clocks received.
They are all stopped on account of no: being
able to make arrangements with the Commit
tee on Public Buildings of the Board of Su
pervisors in regard to pay for attending to
them.
6hould yon send them notice that they
(clocks) are a necessity in your office, it may
help to have them started again. Yours, etc.,
R. G. Wenzel.
Then the plaint went in another direc
tion and reached the ear of Chairmnn
Sheehan of the Public Buildings Commit
tee, who sent it echoing bacic with in
terest.
"This man Wenzel wants the earth," he
said, "but he is not going to get the small
portion that my position as chairman of
the Public Buildings Committee gives me
a right to have a hand in.
"this City paid Wenzel $2000 several
years ago to put in a number of clocks and
then hired him at $50 a year to see that
they were kept wound. A few years later
the City Jtlall Commissioners had him put
in more clocks in newly constructed wings
and raised his pay to $10 per month or
$120 per year, more tnan double what he
originally received. When this board
came into office he made a demand for $25
a month or $300 a year and we sat on him.
■'The demand was refused, and a few
days aco he stopped the clocks at the hour
th«y now stand and turned over the keys.
It now appears that he constructed clocks
that no clockmaker, without a careiul
study of the mechanism, can understand,
and he thinks he will force the City to pay
the exorbitant price he asks because other
wise we must ?o timeless. I think we will
fool Mr. Wenzel."
Tbere are a few offices in the building
that are fortunate in not possessing Wen
zei clocks, and the employes do their own
winding, so the municipal headquarters
has a little time on its bands.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BTTBINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Caia—
T3O Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
Bight in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
SS9 Hares street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW, com°r Sixteenth and Mission streets; op*n
nntii 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth street; open until 8:30 o'clock. '
1505 Polk street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets: opfn fll 9 o'clock.
NOTICE OF BIEETINGS.
»^3S=» CALIFORNIA LODGE NO. 1, F. m
B^ andA. M., will meet THIS (THURS- J\
DAY) EVENING.May 6. at 7:30 o'clock.
Stated meeting. By order of the Master. /Nr^
FRANKLIN H. DAY, becretary.
g-^Sp DORIC LODGE No. 216. F. AND m
CF-C a. M., 121 Eddy st. — stated meeting JV
THIS (THURSDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 VY
o'clock. /^r\
J. R. GOLDSMITH, Secretary.
St^S= FRANCO -AMERICAN sStoSOWIrs
U-* 7 Lodge, Xo. 'JO7, I. O, O. F,-^)H6fe.
Officers and members are requested^§3^4S^S?
to meet at their hall IUUK-DAY, '"'Wl*.**
May 6, at 8 o'clock p. is., on important business.
L. L. REMY, N. O.
R. Lavigse, Secretary.
tops' HARRISBURG, PA.. APRIL 29, 1897.—
-a-^ To whom it may concern: This is to certify
that under the laws of th? Benevolent and Proiec-
ttve Order of Elks there caa be bat one lodge
thereof in any city; that the only legal, author-
ized or recognized lodge of the B. P. O. E. In the
City of Sun Fraucisco is San Francuco Lodge No.
3, which has its meeting-place and lodgeroom In
< ci tral Block, 223 futterst.: that «nr other or-
ganization, lodge or society in said city claiming
or pretending to be Elks or members of B. P. O. t.
is illegal and without authority.
[Signed.] MEADE D. DETWEILKR,
Grand Exalted Ruler.
Attest: George a. Reynolds, Grand Secretary.
tops' ANNUAL MEETING-THE REGULAR
W^ annual meeting of stockholdfrs of the
Hutchinson Pngar Plantation Company will be
held at the office of th? company, 327 Market st.,
San i-ranclsco, California on TUESDAY, the 11th
day of May, 1H97, at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.,
for the purpose cf electing a board of directors to
serve for the ensuing year and the transaction of
ench other business as may come bPfore the mc»pt,
Ing. Transfer books will close Friday, April 30-
-at 3 o'clock p. m. E. 11. SHELDuN, .-ecretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BpJS* THEY SELL ALL KINDS Olf DRY
m^Sr goods, hosif ry, underwear, bedspreads, tow-
els, table covers, laces, embroidery, linings, trim-
mings, veilincs, etc.. very cheap at Pioneer Dry-
goodi store, 105 Filth st. \
mZrS* TURKISH CABINET BATHS FOR
IF-w* gentlemen and ladies. 120 V& Geary su,
room 11.
RpS* PRIVATE HOME IN OLD AGE— FOR
m^ payment of a cerain sum against security
fpw agreeable old gentlemen or married couples
can secure a comfortable home and good rare for
life in a gool private family owning a nice
healthy located home near San Cruz, well suit»d
for au Ideal home in old age. For personal inter-
view address Aged, box 2 call Office.
tops' BAY CITY TRANSFER CO., REMOVED
*-*^ 244 to 3ili-2 Sutter. ruuks delievred, 25a
tops' BAD TENANTS EJKCTJCD FOR S4:
Ib*& rollertions made: city or country. Pacific
Collection Co.. 415 Monts^- r«., room 6: tel. 5580.
SITUATIONS WANTED-FEMALE.
STRONG SWEDISH HOUSEGIRL; GOOD
cook and laundress: best references: City or
country: $30. MRS. NORTON, 315 Sutter st-
pKRMAS; FIRST-CLASS COOK; 5 YEA
VX last place; can take full charge; city or coun-
try. MRS. NORI 315 butter st.
r\ ERJIAA' KMI'LOYMENT OFFICE, MRS.
vJ LAMBERT, tel. main 5332, removed to 417
Powell st.
17>XP: RIENCPJD NURSE WOULD LIKE FEW
-i engagements by ladies or invalids; good in any
sxkness; colored: best reference; no objection to
country. O. N., box SH, Call Office.
■EXPERIENCED GERMAN GIRL WOULD
-Li like to go 1 or to Eu ope OIP.L WOULD
like to go Kg't or to En ope taking care of in-
valid lady or children if full or half fare is paid.
Address German uirl, 621 Geary st.
pOMPETENT SWEDISH GIRL WISHES
\J situation as cook and do general housework in
small family: good cook and laundress; cily or
country. Address S. C. box 09. Call.
SITUATION WANTED BY GOOD COOK TO
do cooking and downstairs work or would take
care of house for the summer; tirst-class city ref-
erence. Call at 'Mi' 6 Pine St.
■yOUNO GERMAN WOMAN OF 23, WITH
■ X 1-year-old chid, would like a position: Is a goo«i
cook acd worker. 670 Walnut aye., bet. Post and
butter, near Laguna. •
• AMERICAN WIDOW, 34, INTELLIGENT
J\- and refined, wishes position as housekeeper or
scaD stress lor widower or bachelor. A. 8.. box
VI, Call Office.
r\ ERMAN WOMAN WISHES SITUATION TO
\J do general housework and keep house; from
910 to $12 per month; no objection to country.
f>vi Howard st.
■nriDOW (STRANGER IN CITY) WANTS A
" poslt:on as housekeeper for note , widower or
aped couple; widower preferred. Address W. W..
box 63, Call.
■yOUNG GERMAN WOMAN WOULD LIKE
J- work by the day: good wastier; wages $1 a day.
670 Walnut aye., bet. Post and butter, nr. Laguua. j
*ITnATI<TNS WANTED-ConHnneil.
RESPi- CTABLE WOMAN WISHES POSI-
-1\ tion in city or country to do general housework
In respectable family. Call or address 630 How-
ard sL /
BY KLDERLY LADY AS HOUSEKEEPER
in widower's family or for bachelor: best refer-
ences; < ity or country. M. A., 1553 Fifth St.,
Oakland. -'
yOUMJ GIRL WISHES TO ASSISI', I.IG HT
X housework, la family 2: wanes $8; neat, will-
Ing and obliging Address Y. \V., box 34. Call.
WrOHKING HOUSEKKEPEIi WISHES POSI-
II tion- is neat and trusty: countiy preferred.
Apply 1L H., box 88, 1 all Office.
WANTED— SITUATION FOR CHAMBER-
TT maid and waitress. ApDly at present employ-
er's, 2411 Jackson st.
AY ANTED— BY COMPETENT GIKL, SITUA-
-11 tion to do general housework: city or country.
612 O'Farrell su -
■QELIABLE WOMAN WISHES WORK BY
XV the day in private family; $1 a day and car-
fare. 114 Fourih 5.., room 43.
VOUN<; WOMAN OF EDUCATION WILL
X give part of each d.iy in return for home ; refer-
ences. '1 eacher, box 96, Call Office.
pOMPKTKNT WOMAN AS FIRST-CLASS
\J laundress in private family; city or cotuitry.
476 Jessie st.
I'ofNQ LADY as COMPANION TO MID-
L die-aged lady. Call after i 2 at 864^ Mission
St., room 3.
pOMPKTENT WOMAN AS COOK IN PKI-
\J vate family; City or country. 476 Jessie st.
YOUNG WIDOW OF ' EXPERIENCE DE-
X sires bousekeeper'splaceiugentleman'shome;
city or country. 223 Post St., room 1.
YOUNG GIRL, 14 YEARS OLD, WANTS TO
X take care of children and assist: sleep home.
2 Alice st between Third and Fourth, off Folsom.
YOUSti LADY WANTS POSITION AS TYPK-
X writer or copyist. Call 838 Mission, room 2.
MIDDLE-AGED GERMAN WOMAN, GOOD
liX cook, wishes a position where there Is no lady
boss: will only work for men; her husband to do
the dishwashing and chores: city or counirr: no
children. Call at 130 Second sU, MRS- WIER.
pOLORED WOMAN WISHES SITUATION TO
\J do ir^nerai housework, cooking, nursing, work-
ing by the day or washin: to do at home; wasres
$15 to $20 or $1 10 per day. Address W., box 77,
Call Owce. '
ni = LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
Ul«' CALL, hubscriptlons and want ads taken.
.^ _
yoUNG FRENCH WIDOW, GOOD DISI'OSI-
X tion and of expi/r:ence, desires a housekeeper's
place In widower's or bachelor's home. 122 Post
St., room "_'.
yOI'SO WIDOW (STRANGER) WISHES A
X position In (>.*ntleaiau's home as housekeeper;
city or country. Call after 12, 120 Ellis st, room
17, second floor.
pERMAN WIDOW WISHES SITUATION;
V.I cooking, washing and ironing. 38 Tehama st,
upstairs.
yol'SO GERMAN GIRL WISHES SITUA-
X tion to do light housewok; will sleep at home.
Call or address 119 Albion aye.
yoUXG WIDOW WOULD LIKE POSITION
X as bousekee; er; city or country. Call 12 Eddy,
room 15.
yOU.NO WIDOW WISHES POSITION AS
X housekeeper in bachelor's or widower's home.
Kooml, IU6 Fourth st.
WANTED— BY A GOOD WOMAN, GENERAL
M housework; Is a good cook and breadmaker;
city or country. 1065 Market st
POSITION WANTED— NURSE OR HOUSE-
mald; also cook or laundress; call 2 days. 707
Ellis su
NORWEGIAN GIRL WISHES PLACE FOR
cooking; references given. 1029 Minna st.
n-[ P. LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
Ol «_) CALL. Subscriptions and want ads taken.
■
VKAT, INDUSTRIOUS AND OBLIGING
i-\ youne lady desires position as stenographer
and typewriter, or will assist with accounts; best
of reiereDces from practical experience: salary
$6 per wee*. Address L. A., box 23, Call Office.
T^XPERIENCED NURSE WOULD LIKE EN-
Xli gagements; $10 per week: best of references.
Address E. N., box 18, Call Office.
yOUNQ GERMAN WIDOW DESIRES PO-
X slilon as housekeeper. Call 120 a t ddy st,
room 7.
YOUNG LADY DESIRKS A POSITION AS
X housekeeper. Call 520 Bush St., room 21.
EDUCATED GERMAN LADY, MIDDLE AGE,
Xli wishes situation to take care of children; U
first-class seamstress. 613 Powell st.
PANISH LADY, 28. WILL TAKE CHARGE
0 of lodging-bouse, or housekeeper's position;
no other but reliabe persons need aniwer. Ad-
dress IS. L , box 77, tall Office.
TMRSI'-CLASS LAUNDRESS WANTS A SITU-
X ation: wages $30. M. L., box 165, Call Office.
GERMAN GIRL WISHES SITUATION AS A
vjr chambermaid In hotel, or as a waiiress or pan-
try-glrl. 109 Fifth st, room 22.
YOUNG LADY (PARISIAN) IN REDUCED
X circumstances would li';e paying housekeeper's
place; hotel, bachelor's or widower's home pre-
ferred. 1122 Market st, room 31.
ANTED— 2 SPECTABLE YOUNG
11 English women situatlous, one as infant's
miwe.the other to do second or general housework;
tioth experienced. Call or address 118 KdJy st, r. 9.
-I /-7 N Tit ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
10 IUK Call; subscription, auil want ads
taken.
TRONG YOUNG DANISH GIRL WANTS
1 work by the day; plain waihing. Ironing or
hocsecleanlng. Apply 1331 Fulton su
ASTERN WIDOW, .oATE OF FIFTH ST.,
XJ wouid like position as housekeeper. 209 Eday
St., room 12.
yousß lady (stranger) desires
X housekeeper's place In gentleman's home.
Room 1, 17 Grant aye., near Market st
f*-\ r LAKKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
O1«J CALL. Subscriptions and want ads taken.
yOI'XG FRENCH WIDOW, AMIABLE AND
X accomplished, wants position as housekeeper;
bachelor or widower's home; city or oountry.
Room 2, 120V2 Geary st r-- r; \
Y ou:s 'G AND ATTRACTIVE GERMAN GIHL
X desires to necure a housckeeper'3 position in
hotel; widower's or bacbe.or's home preferred.
223 Post su, room 11, second floor.
T\rANTED — POSITION AS GOVERNESS
II duringthe summer months by a Stanford stu-
denu Addres3 M. H., Stanford University.
SW COR. SIXTEENTH ST., SEAS MIS
slon; branch office ol Tub Cau. buO-
Kcriptions and want ads taken.
wa:;teu-by a YOUNG Parisian lady
It (stranger) a housekeeper's position In a gen-
tlemau'shome. 122 i"ost s'.., rooms 10 and 11.
Y ou - LADY FltuM THE COUNTRY
X would ilke a situation as housekeeper for gen-
tleman. Call 223 Post st, room 17, third floor.
POSITION BY YOUNG LADY AS CASHIER
I or assistant In doctor's or dentist's office, or pho-
tograph gallery: best of references. Address S. F.,
box 131. Call Office
SITUATIONS "WANTED MALK.
r^HINESK & JAPA.NKSE; KST'D 20 YEARS;
\Jhelp;tel.maln 19»7. BRADLEY <k 0u.. 640 Clay
SAM KEE— CHINESE AND JAPANESE EM-
ployment office 611 V2 Bush st , nr. Grant aye.
TT UNTER & CO.. CHINESE AND JAPANESE
i~i employment office, removed to 614y 3 Califor-
nia st. near Keurny. '1 el. main 231.
CHINESK AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
office: best help. 414% O'Farrell. Tel. E. 426.
JAPANESE, CHINESE r.MPLOYMT OFFICE:
waiters, bousecleaners. 30 Geary: tel. Grant 6tl
SITUATION WANTED BY EXPERIENCED
retail grocery clerk; city or country. H. 1.,
box *•>. Call.
ADVKRIISING MAN
■t V. of loug experience on leading daily of New
York City seeks position In newspaper or commer-
cial house: highest references. Address MON.,
box »4, Call Office.
MIDDLE-AGED GERMAN WD-HEB SITUA-
tiou in a private place: first-class coach-
man and good plain gardener: good milker: gen-
erally useful; city or <ountry. Address C. G.,
box 88, Call Office; reference.
yoUSO MAN WI-HES SITUATION IN A
X grocery-store: ssveral years' experience: can
give eood references: small wag<s to start with.
Call or address H. E. J.. 2971 Howard st.
COMPETENT CUSTOM CLOTHING CUTTEB
\J wishes position with some local merchant
tailor; highest reference; wsges no object. M. T
box 139, Call.
YOUXO SAN FRANCISCAN, 2T USES
X neilher tobacco nor liquor, wants situation iv
b>.si:iess house; best references: small sa:ary at
first, li. M. U,, 4548 Twentieth st.
A LL-AKOtIND BLACKSMITH, '.WITH FAM-
XX. lly, desires plate In city; understanas wooden
work. Call or address 105 Caroline st., bet. Ninth
and Tenth, off Folsom.
AN, YOUNG. AS GARDENER, MILK, ETC.:
can care for horses if required; four years' ref-
erences last place; small wages. Address P. S.,
119 Fourth st.
rRONO RESPECTABLE BOY WISHES TO
work on a ranch; sma'l wages. 1519 Pine st
AN AND WIFE DESIRE A SITUATION
ifl on ranch; man Al teamster and foreman;
wife thorough housekeeper: references furnished.
1 Addrcsa M. D., bcz 107, Call Office. .•; (
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 6, 1897.
FITfATIONS WANTED-rontlnnfrt.
mRUSTWORTHY YOUNG COUPLE WANT
X siiua'ions; man good gardener, hostler, all-
round bandy about place; wlf.^ flru-class coolc
and housekeeper; are capable of taxing charge of
place during owner's absence; have best of refer-
ence. I.ease call be. ore lii a m. 513 McAllister.
EFINED AND PLEASANT GENTLEMAN
(35 years) speaking l.nglish, French, Spanish,
Italian and a little German, desires position as
companion, teacher or manuger in private family;
highest references: salary $30. Address care of
DR. GRAMMONT, 1106 Van -Ness aye.
POSITION IS WANTED AS WORKING FOKE-
man on lady'R or gentleman's place: is capable
in all its branches: handy with tools: can flu
place between 10th and 16th of present montn;
best of reference. Address C. .L. F., 207 Mont-
gomery aye., San Francisco.
ÜBSCRIPTIONB AND \Y ANT ADS FOH THE
O Cam. taken at branca office, 33» Haye* «v;
open until 1) :3j o'cloclc
"DESPKCTABLE COUPLE WISH SITUA-
XV tions on stock farm; man understHnds stocn-
raising and general farming: wife first-class house-
keep, r aiid understands poultry: reference first-
class. Address E. G., box 93, this office.
pOACHMAN, THOROUGHLY COMPETENT,
\J wants situation; care for garden, milk, etc.;
ample city reference. Address J. V., box 68, Call.
ANTED— BY COMPKTKNT ACCOUNTANT
who Is employed during the day, set of books
to keep in evening. li., 346 McAllister st.
I? IKST-CLASS BELL-HANGING AND KLEC-
tric gas-lighting at low rates; work guaranteed.
Address B. 11., bo x 32, Call.
riir MONTGOMERY COHNBB OF CLA V—
OZil Upen until 9:30 o'clock; branch Offlc« of
the Call; subscriptions and want ads. taken.
T)ELIABLE YOUNG MAN WANTS SITUA-
XV tion as teamster or any work in city ; wages
reasonable. Call or address 434 i/ a Third st.
pARPENTER (SCOTCH) WANTS SITUA-
\J tio.i asall round handy man at summer resort
Address C, box 76, Call.
yonNG BARB 17 YEARS OLD. WOULD
X like position in city or country. N. U., box 43,
Call.
p OOD GARDENER, UNDERSTANDS HAND-
VJ ling horses, good driver, good milKer, desires
situation private residence; 7 years' references.
G., box 19, Call.
f»-\ p. LAKKIN-BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
U 11/ CALL; tubscrlntlons ann want ad< taken.
pOMPETENT nOUSE - PAINTER WITH
\J tools wants work for private parlies, by the
day or piecework; will work cheap. Address
Paint, box 28, Ca.l Offic*.
yOUNG GERMAN LATELY LANDED
X would like to learn the liquor or grocery busi-
ness. Address 62 Clementina st
pOACHMAN AND GAKDENER WISHES
\J position; Oakland and San Kafael references.
Address C. G., box 193, Call Office.
MAN AND WIFE, EASTi.KN PEOPLK, PKl-
vate place; man understands general work In
private place, good driver; wife competent house-
Keeper, cook or second work; both competent
house servants. Adaress B. 8., box 123, Call.
(>]r LAKKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
Ui.U CALL. Subscriptions and want ads taken.
pOACHMAN, 10 YEARS EXPERIENCE;
Vj thoroughly competent; Al horseman; good
gardener; strictly sober; cl y and Eastern refer-
ences; single. Address N. P. NELSON, care of F.
M. WjLSON, Berkeley.
\U ANTED— BY FIRSi-CLASS PHOTOG-
-11 rapher of long experience, position as onera-
tor or primer, or will take entire charge gallery.
Address Photographer, box 105, Call Office.
TANITOR WITH EXPERIENCE WANTS A
0 position: can give good city references. Ad-
dress J. G. L.. 3ti4 Kast Twelfth st, Oakland.
"L^XPERIENCED HOTEL CLERK. YOUNG
Xli man, want^ position; highest California refer-
ences: first-cla.s house only. A. G., box 65, Call.
JAPANESE FIR&T-CLASS COOK WISHES
«J position to work: will do seneral housework.
Address K. V., 758 Castro St., Oakland.. -
T>RANCH OFFICE OFTHKCALL, 167 NINTH
X 3 et— Want ads and subscriptions taken.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. JJB.
11 Market: 2l>o room 3 25c to 81 60 per night:
$1 50 to Ct> per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus and barjpure to nnci irom tt-e ttrry.
FK3IAXE HKLP WANTED.
WAITRESS, COUNTRY HOTEL, NORTH,
11 $20, fare paid; German or Scandinavian
chambermaid, country hotel, $20; IS girls for
houseworc, <->untrv, $15 and $20. MURRAY
X:. I>V Leading Employment Agents, 634 and
636 Clay st
W AITKES ~- HOTEL, COUNTRY, «25; 2
•I irouers, same laundry, country, t6O; 6 girls,
housework, S2O; young girl to assl3t in kitchen,
Berkeley, fis; cirl. houework, Stockton, see
party liere. $20; cook, German style, private
family. $25: 3 girls, country, housework, $15; 6
Kir housework, city, $26; 10 yuung girls to
assist, $15; housekeeper, country, sea party here,
$10. C. R. HAJSBEN & CO., 110 Geary st
\\" ANTED— FRENCH MAID. $30: GERMAN
" pecond girl. $25; French Durse and second
girl, $25; colored cook for small country hotel,
$20: neat Protestant girl for housework, family of
6. In country, $25: 2 waitresses aud chamber-
maids for same country hotel, $20, see lady in
city; neat waitresses for cafe and restaurant, $6 a
week: nursegirl for baby. $16: Ocrman second
girl, $20; French cook, $30: 15 girls for house-
work, city ami country. $15, $20 ard $25. Apply
to J. F. CRO:-ETT & CO., 316 Suiter St.
GIRL, LIVBRMOKB, $15; GERMAN GIRL,
vl no baking, $15; girl, Diamond St., $16; girl,
Illinois su, $15: secot.d girl. Van Nesnave, $12;
tirl, Golden (iate. $i. r >;girl, Santa Cruz, $15; girl,
Devisa-Jero, $15: second girl, Laguua, $12: 20
young $8, $10 and $13 per month, assist,
etc. MARTIN & CO., 719 Market st.
pHAMBKRMAID AND WAIT SOME. $20
V,' and room; waitress for Ha'wardi; cook, $_0:
sook, $20 and room; 2 chambermaids, $12:
chambermaid and wait some, $la aid room; cook
lor Glenn Couuty. MARTIN <fc CO., 749 MarkeU
SPANISH OR FRENCH OIUL. SAUSALITO,
Cal., $25 and room; cooking only. MARTIN
<fe CO., 749 Market »U
SWEDISH OB OERMvN GIRL, WASHING-
ton St., $20. MARTIN <fe CO., 749 Market.
GIRL VALLEJO ST., $20. MARTIN & CO.,
749 Market st
IRL FOR BOX FACTORY. MARTIN &
Cu., 749 Market st
SIRONER!\ $25, ROOM, BOARD, ETC., AND
$1 50 i-er day. MARTIN & CO., 749 Market,
9 WAITRESSES, CITY, $20 AND ROOM.
MAR & CO., 749 Market su
5 WAITRESSES, $15 AND ROOM. MAR-
TIN <ft CO., 749 Maruetst.
■J i) WAITRESSES, $5 A WEEK. MARTIN &
1 <-• CO., 749 Market sU
/ -IRL, ALAMEDA, $25. MARTIN & CO , 749
\J Market st.
3 HEAD WAITRESSES. $25 TO $30 AND
room. MARTIN & CO., 749 Market st.
O WAITRESSES; NICK COUNTRY HOTEL:
£i $20 and room. MARTIN <fc CO.. 749 Market.
ERMAN GIRL, $20, AND NURSEOIRL, $8;
VJ Eddy st MARTIN <fc CO., 749 Market st.
SECOND GIRL, $25: INFANT'S NURSE,
$'J0: 8 housework girls, city aud country, $20
and $25; 6 young jir's. assist, $10 to $15. MISS
CULLEN, 323 .Suiter st
riOLORED HOU-KWORK GIRL; $20 MISS
\J CULLEN, :12.1 Sutter st
(1 CHAMRERMAIDS AND WAITRESSES,
— $20 each. Api-ly MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutler.
TTOUSEWORK GIRU EUi.EKA, $26. MISS
II CULi.EN. 323 butter st.
CAOOK, SONOMA, $25; SMALL B')ARDING-
) house. MISS CULLKN, 323 Sutler st
L^RENCH OR GKRMAN cuOK, *35: COOK,
-T German style, $30. MISS CULLEN, 323 sut-
ler st.
TVfKAT YOUNG (JIRL, LIOHT HOUSEWORK,
1> *iotosls. MISS CULLEN, 323 cutter St.
GIRLS OF ALL NATIONALITIES TO FILL
various positions from $15 to $30. MRS.
LAMBERT, moved to 417 Powell St., near Gutter.
■yoUNG GIKL WITH REFERENCES TO DO
X general housework and is a good cook; no ob-
jections to going in country; siate age, etc. Ad-
dress A. T. B , box 39, Call Office.
WANTED — TAILORESSES ON LADIES'
gowns and cii.it i; experienced hands only. H.
LIEBES & CO., 133 Post st.
/GERMAN OR SWEDISH GIKL; SMALL
VJT family: plain cooking; small flat; $12. 3648
Twentv-lhlrd sU
WANTED— COMPETENT YOUNG GKRMAN
girl to take care of child 3 years old and as-
sist; light upstairs work. 1131 Laguna, cor. Eddy.
FIKST-CLAsS BUTTONHOLE-MAKERS AT
Ladies' Tailors, P. KEVIDON& CO. 330 Setter.
GIKL T<> CARE FOR BABY; BEST REFEU-
enoe r. quired; wa^es $10. 404 Oak st.
TMRHT-CI.ASS FINISHERS ON PANTS. AP-
X ply 411 Vi Kearny st, second floor.
VOUXG GIRL FOR CARE OF BABY. 2003
I Pine si.
WANTED- AS APPRENTICE FOX DRESV
makiug; good sewer. 424 Post st
ENGLISH GIRL WANTED FOR GENERAL
housework: wages $20. 102 Mission st.
WANTED-YOUNG GIRL FOR GENERAL
housework. 1626 Vallejo st
i»T ANTED— FIRST-CLASS WAITRESS AND
" chambermaid In private boarding-house;
none other apply. 1270 Weber it, AUmeda. |
HELP WANTED- Continued.
WANTED— FIRST-CLASS PANTSMAKER.
»» 55 Second st, room 24.
IRST-CLASS FINISHFR ON COATS. 605
X 1 seventh st, near Washington, Oakland.
AKTKt-A FIRST-CLASS WAI6T-TRlM-
mer. 406 Suttar st., room 83.
APPRENTICE ON PANTS: GOOD SEWER;
xi- paid while learning. 559Ya Stevenson st.
l/i IRST-CLASS WAIST AND BKIKT HANDS.
X 1 Columbia Clcak and Suit House, 1022 Markeu
TAT ANTED — FIRST-CLASS D ESSMAKEB ;
11 steady employment. 416ya Kills st.
WANTED— YOUNG GIRL TO ASSIST GEN-
erul housework. 1936 Howard st.
GIRLS LOOKING FOR POSITIONS WILL DO
well If they call on MRS. DRUHM, 217 Geary.
BRIGHT GliiL ABOUT 15 TO WORK FOR
good home and wages; opuoitunity to learn
trade: orphan preferred. Call 1506 Polk st.
ANTED — FIRST-CLASS . STARCH-IRON-
ers at St. Nicholas Lau/idry, beventeeuth and
Folsom S 8. T
'?£**?« MISSION BT.-BRANCH OFFICE OP
_«J_U TMJt Call: subscriptions tuia waui ada
taken. ; - -. ->. ff-^~ :
OUNG GIRL TO ASSIST LIGHT HOUSE-
J- worit: $10 month. Address Y. G., box 85, Call.
ri.NISHKKS.A.ND APPRENTICES ON CUS-
X torn vests. 628 Jessie s., bet. 7th and Bth.
4 MARKET BRANCH OF'FICS OF IHiS
"1 Call: want ads and subscriptions taken.
LADIES, ARE YOU LOOKING OR SOME-
Xj thin; to do? we will help you. Take elevator,
room 38. 14 McAllister st; a few more earnest
workers wanted.
A MARKET BRANCH OFFICE OF THK
i Call; want ads and subscriptions itucen,
EXPERIENCED LADY SOLICITOR FOB
printing. BaKNLTT BROS., 622 Clay St.,
room 19.
WANTED — UERMAN GIKL; GENERAL
11 housework; 3 in family; wages $12. 1500
Jackson st.
LAIN FINISHER WANTED ON CUSTOM
coats. 38 Grove su
(>-\ X LARKIN-BRANCH OFFICE OF TH*
Ul Call; subscriptions and want ads. taken.
EST AND QUICKEST PLACE ON EARTH
to learn dressmaking and millinery; patterns
25c: call and see our mammoth institution. Mo-
DOW ELL'S. 103 Post St.
SF. DRESS-CUTTING SCHOOL— FRENCH
• tailoring taught; $1 week. 916 Markeu r. 54.
MOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
iIL Winchester House, 44 Third st, near Market;
200 rooms: 25c to $150 per night: $1 60 to $3
per week: free 'baa and baggage to and from terry.
/•I C LARKIN— OFFICE OF. THE
"1 O CA IL. Subscriptions and want ads taken.
HALK HELP WANTED.
r\rr FARKERS. ORCHARD AND VINEYARD
• O hand*, city aid country, $26 and $20; man
to take contract to cultivate 130 acres of vineyard;
garden boy, $15 aud found; 3 chorebovs for
ranche.«,slo. MURRAY <fc RKADY. 634 and
636 Clay st.
JA LABORERS AND TEAMSTERS, CITY
tU and country, $25 per monh and found, bed
Included: 50 men to build a canal, $20 and found.
MURRAY & KEADY, 634 and 636 Clay BU
4 COOKS; COOK AND WIFE; 3 WAITERS;
3 dishwashers; boy for candy factory, etc.
MURRAY <fc READY, 634 and 636 Clay »U, tele-
phone Main 5- -1.8.
A(\ R. R. MEN FOR A NEW RAILROAD; 2
11/ and 4 horse teamsters. MURRAY A
READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
MAN AND WlFfc. FOR I VERY NICE VlNE-
yard, see boss a: our office. $40 and fouuJ.
ML' RI'.A V & READY, 634 ami 636 Clay St.
6 AMERICAN FARMERS, AMERICAN
ranch. *2U, and harv-st wages paid. MUR-
RAY <t RE A DV, 634 an.l 636 Clay sU
I r MILKERS, $20 AND $22 60: BUTTER
I O and cheese maker, $30. MURRAY <fe
READY, 634 and 636 C lay su
1 C DRILLERS FOR A QTaRRY; S CURB-
-10 cutfrs. MURRAY & KEADV, «34 and 636
Clay su
T>LACKSMITH, NEAR CITY, $4.") AND
-L> found; cooper, sla. k vrork. MURRAY <fe
READY, 634 aud 636 Clay St.
on HAYMAKERS FOR DIFFERENT
OU places: 2 men to pull muitard out of barley,
etc. MURRAY & READY. tiS4 and 636 Clay si.
J TOR 'MAN FORA WNl'-YARD: SEE BOSS
hei« MURRAY A READY, 634 and 636
Cluy s..
I/v FARMERS, L'IKFERENT RANCHES,
I" ' $20; 3 larmers, $lt>: 2 Scandiuavlan or
German tariaers, S2O; (ierman milker, $20: 24-
-mule teamsters, city, $1 7'> a day: ranch black-
.-111. !h, $1 50 a day;' buaer aud cheese maker. C.
R. HANSKN & CO., 110 Geary st.
LAUNDRYMAN AND WIFE, BOTH MUST
be ii:s:-vlass ironers, country aundry, $100;
laundry man and wife to wash aud iron, country
laundry. $50 aud found. C. R. HAN&EN & CO.,
110 Geary su
BASER, COUNTRY SHOP, $50 AND FOUND;
st-coud cook, country hotel, $60 aud fare *d-
vauced. C. R. HANfcjEN <fe CO., 110 Geary sU
WANTED —50 TEAMSTERS $20 AND
board; 50 laborers, $1 75 a day for railroad
track. G R. HA.nsEN <fe CO., 110 Geary at
WANTED— YOUNG SWEDK FOR PRIVATE
family. $25 and found; b acKsmilh, $45 to
$50; lunnelman, $j a day : plairi carpentfrs, $2 a
day; farmers, milkers, clioreman, woodchoppers
ami others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT <& CO., 628
Sacramento st.
ANTED— FRENCH COOK, PRIVATE FaM-
ily, $30 to $35: restaurant waiters: French
butler, |30: and other*. J. F. CROBETT & CO.,
628 Sacramento st.
TV" ANTED — NIGHT COOK FOR REBTAU-
»* rant, *35: Frenchman cook, private family,
$30; experienced night porter for restaurant, $*J6.
Apply to J. F. CROSETI' & CO., 628 bacramento.
TirANTED-WAITER. FIR>-T-CLASS HOTEL,
" $30: German waiter, $35; French waiter,
$25: .hird cook, French, $50: boartilag-house
waller, $25: colored boy: cook, $10 week, etc
ANDRh/S. 308 Stockton St.
\\r ANTED— PHOTO-ENGRAVER; ONE WHO
II is elthe a good line etcher or line photog-
rapher. Apply >IcCABE& SONS, 611 Merchant.
DISHWASHER, $5 A WEEK: TWO LUNCH
waltors, 50 cents: 2 waiters, $'J5 and room:
second conk, S> a week: cook, country, *5U and
room; second cook. $35 and room: dishwaslirr
$20 anl room; baker's helper, $15, room and
board; secon I cook, SHO; restaurant porter, $4 a
week; dishwasher. Sl2, etc.; waiter, ?20 and
room. Martin & co., 749 Mark»t st.
JAPANESE COOK: SEE PART If HERE 10
A. M. MAIUI.N cfc CO., 749 Market st.
WASTKD-A CUTTER AND TAILOR.
"» SMITH, 944 Mnrket sU
i>C MORE LAP.ORERS; CITY. MARTIN A
<-O CO. .749 -Market su
«■) II v RNESS-JIAKER& MARTIN <t CO., 749
£i Market st.
W AITKR: f3O AND ROOM. MARTIN & CO.,
»» 749 Mnrket st.
COOK, SMALL PLACE, COUNTRY: *30 AND
room. MARTIN & CO., 749 Market st.
pAXTKVMAN; f3O. MARTIN & CO., 749
-I Markei sU
"Mr ANTED— STOVE MOUNTER, WITH GOOD
>» references. Apply to STEIGER <t KKRR
Hanse Company, 350 Mainsu, S. F.
ANTKD-OFFICK BOY TO RUN ERRAND-!
for this oiUce; $2 50 a week. J. F. CuOSETT,
316 Sutter su
\\r AN T E D-ASSISTANT BOOKKEEPER
"» App'y MEYKR BROS., 121 Post, bet. 10 <fe 4.
BOY WANTED. STALLS 1 AND S, UNlON-
square Market, Powell and O'Farrell sta.
/'OOD, STKADY SHOEMAKER FOR NEW
"J work and repairing. 2140 Fillmore su
EAMKN IMMEDIATELY FOR ENGLISH
and Americau vesse s. 37 Pacific st., nr. Davis.
ITIRST-CLASS BARBER FOR COUNTRY;
steady; good wages; call early. 102 seventh st.
\\ T ANT ED— A CARPENTKR. 803 GEARY
"» street.
ANTED— AN Al BUTCHER. APPLY 3318
Mission st.
WANTED_2 BOYS TO PEDDLE PLANTS ON
' ' comini-s on. Call 512 Halght st.
ffli')nA COOK AS PARTNER, CHOPHOUBh;
«JpZ-UU. $100 monthly. App.y barber.22 Mason.
STKADY MAN AS PARTNER; \\ ELI^-ES-
tablished business; centrally located; $150;
prcflts $15 to «ia a week euch. 777 Market St.,
room 7-
OTEADY MAN FOR COUNTRY POfI'ITON;
O must have $5, expense money. Koom '2, 9
Geary su
O-CHAIR BARBER-SHOP: CHEAP. ON AC-
O count of departure for Europe. 114 '.^ Fourtb.
qO(J HA VKS— BRANCH OFFICE OF THK
OOt7 call; subscriptions and want ada taken.
PANTS AND VEST MAKER FOR COUNTRY.
X REISS BROS. <fe (JO., 26 Sutter st.
PRESSER ON PANTS; STEADY WORK.
206 Minna st.
SW. COR. SIXTEENTH ST., NEAR MISSION:
branch office of Txus Uu. tuUbcxiptions and
wane ads taken.
frail* WANTED-ConttnnM.
ANTED— STEADY MAN TO ASSIST IN
'• taking orders in store and make himself gen-
erally useful; mu»i have $150 <asb and be sutis-
fied with 918 a week to start. 777 Market, rm. 7.
9^'/>«; MISSION — KUBSCRIPTIOX3 AND
ZiO£\J want ads taken for THK CALL.
ANTED — BLACKSMITH-HELPER; ONE
that can drive on shoes Apply to J. H.
DUTCHER, Livermore, Alameda County, Cal.
DETECTIVE-SHREWD, RELIABLE MAN
X-/. wanted in every locality: act under orders; no
experience needed. Write American Detective
Agency, Indianapolis, Ind.
1 C*H NINTH ST. BRANCH OFFICE OF
XU I THis iill, lubscnutiou aoU want ads
taken.
\> ARBKRS- FOR EMPLOYMEN" I CALL SEC.
X» P. C. Barbers' Assn. S. FDCHS, 325 Grantave.
TOURNEYMEX BARIiKRS' EJIPLOVJIiuVr
O eenretarr JI. BEKNAHJL). 102 seventh st.
THIRST-CLASS TAILOKS ON LADIES' CLOTH
-L coats and suits: apply Immediately. H.
LIKBES & CO., 133-135 Posi I St.
TT^ORGOOD REPAIRING CALL AT CENTRAL
X! Repairinc Shoeshop, 1534 Market St., bet. Lar-
kin and City Hall aye.. or 749 Mission St.; large
stock of new and second-band shoes on sale; shoes
made to order, any style, 93 ud.
OAT, VEST AND PANTS MAKERS WANT-
ed. Apply at 11 a. m. at Steveuson-st. en-
trance to CHARLES LYONS', London lailor, 721
Market st.
FIRST-CLASS BARBERS FURNISHED BY
X International Union Free Employment Bureau,
34 Fourth St., the Modern. I. LESS, secretary.
3OQ HAVES BRANCH OFFICK OF
000 Turn Call; ■übacriptlooa and want ads
taken.
T ADIF.B' SOLING, 85c; MEN'S SOLING, 6O0;
Ju fine sboes made $2 up. 562 Mission st.
9000 PAIK - ANOTHER LOT MEN'S SHOES,
£j \j\j\j been damaged by water, at less than one-
fourth their value, from 76c up to 92 6a 562
Mission St., bet. First and Second.
Wanted— M EN to LEARN barber
»» trade; shops, tools, positions furnished: 8
weeks required. 8. F. Barber College, 138% Eighth,
ELCHO HOUSK, 863% MARKET ST.— ±tUOM3
XU 20c, 2&c to 50C niciht; $1 to 92 week.
CO7 jUUNTUOMKttY ST., BRANCH OFFICE
OLii uiajtuu. waucada and subscriptions
taken.
HE ROBEDALE. 821 ELLIS— CHEAPEST
and best lodging-house north of Market st.
SI.NGL.K ROOMS 100 A.YD 16c NIGHT, 600
and 75c week. Lindell House, Sixth and Howad.
■ ■
"DOOMS. 15c TO 75c JPER NIGHT; 600 TO 60
XV per week. Oriental, 226 Drumm st.
ANTKD-LABORER3 AND MECHANICS
to know that Ed Roikin, Keno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third st. : 160
large rooms; '-'5c per night; 91 to 93 per week.
EBIMUN WANTS 100 MKN TO GET BOT-
• tie beer or wine 6c : best fre» lunch. 643 Clay.
BEST IN SINGLE ROOMS, 15. 20 AND
25 cents per night: 91, 91 25, 91 50 per weeic
J mciiic House, Commercial and Leidesdorff sts. s
1 C\t\ MEN TO TAKK LODGINQ AT lOC, 150
\J\J and 20c a nlgnt. including cottmt and roia.
t24 Washington St., near Kearnv.
WANT ADS AND SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
Tub Call are taken at Branch Oflice, soath-
west corner Sixteenth and Mission sts.
ANTED-SINGLB. ROOMS, 150 A DAY: 91
week: rooms for 2. 260 a day. 91 60 a weak;
reading-room: daily papers. . 36 Clay st.
\V ANTKD.TOCOLLECTWAGEsDUE LABOR-
»f ers4c!erks KN OX Collection Agcy, HOSutter.
ryif.\ ACMK IIOUiSK. pf>; iIAJtKKT &T., Bi">
1 low fclxtn. tor a room; l!6ca night; $1 tww<.
VIT IN CHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIKD ST., NB.
*» Marcet: 200 rooms, 25s a night: reading-
room: free bin and ba-cnee to and from the ferrr.
AGENTS WANTED.
<3>p: A DAY EASILY MADE; NEW INVEN-
<Jp«J tlon; required in every home. 18U8 Geary.
AGENTS— A BOOK WRITTEN BY GKN-
eral Miles, commander-in-chief of tee United
States army; fu'.l of interesting Indian experi-
ences by the great Indian fighter; one agent's
commissions over $40 the first 2 days. F. PEK-
bON, Mgr. Subscription Department, The Whlla-
ker <Sk Ray Company, 723 Market st.
AGENTS— A CALIFORNIA AND NEVADA
map: best; latest; you can coiu muney. F
PERSON, Mer. Subscription Depu, The Whitaker
& Hay Co., 728 Market st.
FURNITUKB WANTED.
AT INDIANA AUCTION COMPANY, RE-
moved to 1171 Mission st.. near EightU. tele-
phone Mint 1383, you get highest rush paid for
mercbandist-. furnitnre, art goods, pianos, .iDraries
EBT PKICKS FOR FURNITURE, AIDSE.,
etc. BTKKET& CKESWELU Anctloneers.72l
Howard Htreeeu Houses bought lv their entirety.
UCRMTUBE, STO V E B CARPKTS, COUN-
F ters. showcases ANDERSON, 1121 Market.
WANTKD-MISCELLANEOUis.
WANTED— 2 SQUARE BUTCHER BLOCKS.
Address or call al 50 Steuan st.
CHEAP SECOND-HAND TRUNK WANTED.
126 Fourth su, room 30.
WANTEU-A '96 BICYCLE AT 118 BUSH
» • su to-morrow morning; call 9to 12 o'clock.
OLD GOLD BOUGHT; HIGHEST PRICES.
O. NOLTE, Jeweler, 222 O'Ffcrreli st.
WANTED- GOOD BUGi'Y HORSE; CHEAP.
»T Apply G. U., box 165, Call.
SELL YOUR BOOKS, NOVELS AND CLOTH-
ing to A. KLEIN, 109 Sixth St.; send postal.
LD GOLD AND SILVER BOUGHT. W.
MUND, watchmaker and jeweler, 226 Ellis st.
BUILDINGS BOUGHT: LUMBKR, SABHEH
doors, mantels, etc. for b«l° 1166 Mission i 5.
EDtCATIONAI,.
» NDERSON'3 ACADEMY AND SCHOOL OK
J\. Mathematlos: puplU prepared in day and
evening classes and by private lessons for Callor- -
nin and Stanford universities; teAchers,' marine
engineers' and civil service examinations; special
ev'g classes; mathematics,, mechanical drawing;
high school pupils coached. R., 402 Parrot: bldg.
SCHOOL OF PHYSICAL CULTURE AND
A SCHOOL OF PHYSICAL CULTURE AND
Elocution, 1216 Octavia st., ssn Francisco,
Mis-S KLIZA MACKINTOSH, ruuil of Professor
G. W. Baynhazn, Glasgow, Scotland, and graduate
of the School of Oratory, Philadelphia, Pa.,
teacher. OiUce days. Friday p. it., Saturday a. m.
SKALD'S BUSINESS COLLKQJH 24 POST—
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, telegraphy, languages, English branches,
elec'.ricat engineering: 20 teachers; 15,000 gradu-
ates; day and evening sessions; catalogue.
AYRES' BUSINESS COLLEGE, 325 MONT-
gomery s:. Individual instruction in short-
hand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc. ; liie
scholarship $50; low rates per week and month.
Telephone black 2795.
BELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
XJ I'rlvate theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. b and 12, 1.0.0. F. block, 7th and Mkt.
ENGINEERING SCHOOL; MECH.. ELEC
Xv civil, mining, snrvey, assay, archlt., X ray
tauEht; e5.1864. A. VAN DKR NAILLi:N,933 Mkt
PIANO LESSONS 500 HOUR. MR. WATTS,
X 218 Golden Gate aye.
"PROFESSOR OF MUSIC WISHES TO EX-
X change lessons for room. 707 Market St.
SINGING, VOICK CULTURE, PARIS GRAD-
uate; French, Ger. lang.; t- mo. 109 Taylor.
BOOKKPNG, WRUNG, ARITHMTC, GRAMB,
day <& night: nocla^ses; $5 month. 845 .Mission.
GUITAR, MANiJOLIN. PiANo AND Yut--..-
-lessons. &.'■ mo. Mary Westhaus. M Fifth. '
OUBSCRIPTIONS AND WANT ADS FOR THK
k5 Call taken at branch ©JUce, i»au Hi^yes su;
open until 9:30 o'clock. -
LOST.
LOST— 26 APRIL ON TIBURON BOAT OR
train ladles' small satchel contains large
amount of money, jewel case aud other valuables.
Beiurn to AIKS. W. B. DOLAN, 13<!9 Waller st.
Liberal reward. . .
V OST — ROAN JIIULEY COW; FRESH
I.j calved. Finder please report to K\'\ N «fc
1.1.VV, stockyard. Mission road and i'ive-mile
House. . . -
; — : ; ; —
T OST— POCKET CASE SURGICAL INSTRU-
LOST— POCKKT CASE SURGICAL IN«TRU-
meni.s: reward. DR. BECK, i4O Geary st.
m H E V NDERSIO» ED HAS LOST HIS CHECK
-L male on: to his own Older on tiie Nev»da Banlc
of San Franclvco for the sum of $2090; ?a d theck
W'» cenifl^d July 2.', 6,underNa 15 2»: all per-
sons are hereby warned against negotiating ibe
same, as payment tliereof i<ai been stopped. 8. C.
JtiKINEMA.s, Tempe, Arizona.
LOST— A PA^SBOOK WITH THE HIBKRNIA
Savings a d Loan Society of San Frunrlsco, In
the name of WiLLIAM F. TAYLOR No. 182,965
The finder will please return to banlc.
LOST— PEARL BROOCH, WITH DIAMOND
setting: liberal reward. Return to Mrs. 8,,
Oriel Hotel, 1616 Market St. /. >
FOUND.
VOUND-ST. BERNARD BITCH; OWKKR
P can have same by proving property. Call 1617
Pacitto st.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
ft^flfl COFFEK SALOON AND LUNCH-
«Jj t_M/U. house on Montgomery St.: doing first-
class business; net rent $40; bargain. WILKE,
783 Market st. .
f\f\fl most elegantly FURNISHED
<IP± \J\J\J. millinery establishment; best loca-
tion, near Market: selectei stock of goods, large
patronaue; owner going Kast and mnst sacrifice.
Apply WILKE, 783 Market st.
©O7K OLD ESTABLISHED CORNER GRO-
<uJ"lt), eery ' and bar In busy location; fine
stock of groceries, good bar trade, low rent; a bar-
gain. Inquire WILKE, 783 Market st.
ftJflO we LL patronized bestatj-
tipivu. rant in wholesale district; fine class of
customers; no Sunday work: a good paying place.
Particulars, WILKK, 783 Markets.
THE LARGEST, THE BEST LOCATKD. THE
X most money making branch bakery, stationery,
fancy grocery and candy store of this city lor sale;
owner to make trip to Kurooe; living rooms: no
triflers need to inquire. WILKE. 783 Market st.
ftl9oft °RNER GROCERY AND BAR
<^)±^\J\J. with 4 living rooms; choicest loca-
tlon In Mission; a straight, genuine Al paying
business. WILKE. 783 Market st.
<2iAf\C\ GOOD PAYINU SALOON ON EAST
«IT"iUV;. st, opposite the Oakland ferry;* bar-
gain. Apply WILKE, 783 Marjcet st.
ftzL^n BRANCH BAKERY WITH 3 LlV-
tS>rtO\f. ins-rooms; rent*^2; a genuine good
business offer: daily receipts $14; kept by owner
for years; rarest chance. WILKE, 783 Marset su
m»7-n LUNCH AND CHOP HOUSE; ES-
tH) I O\J. tablished years; patronized by mer-
chants and brokers; money-making place; no
Sunday or night work. WILKK, 788 Market st.
fljjQcrv CORNER BARROOM; CHOICEST
«JpOtJv. downtown location; doing a first-class
paying business: low rent; Investigate at once;
you will find .No. 1 bargain. WILKE, 783 Market
<£1 7F\ FIRST-CLASS CIGAK-STORE: THE
<lp-L I O. best location neat Market su: fine fix-
tures; large patronage; owner has other business.
Apply WILKE, 783 Market si.
mjcrrk SALOON WITH 11 FURNISHED
tJpcJOv/. rooms: only $60 rent: choice corner;
1 block from water front. • WILKE, 783 Market.
©9£ft RESTAURANT IN PROSPEROUS
«Ip— «Jl/. country town; lhoui'srid* from city:
6 living-rooms: long established, ch>ap rent;
owner selling on account of other business on
band: thorough Investigation. M. LESS, 5 Fourth.
ft9^H CORNER SALOON; NOT ON MAR-
<P^i«JU. ketsu; Al paying place; mus: be sold
at once: owner going to Europe; thorough Investi-
gation solicited; rent cheap. M. LESS, 5 Fourth.
QlJQfrn CORNER SALOON: NOT ON MAR-
»IT Oitxf. ket st. ; 4 elesant private rooms: one of
the best corners off of Market St.; well worth
$1000; must be sold to-day; on account of family
trouble. M. LESS, & Fourth su
©QflA 8 LOON IN VICINITY OF MANY
tnSOUU. theaters: well established and doing an
excellent paying business; good, steady ana targe
transient trade; rent cheap; good reasons for sell-
ing. M. LESS, 5 Fourth st. ' ■
WANTBD— ARELIABLK MAN OF ORDIN-
ary business ability as partner In commission
business, oldest egtab;ishea of the kind In the city,
to look after inside work and keep plain ac-
counts: knowledge of German desirable, but not
Indispensable; a first-class opening for suitable
man, who will need but small capital: owner in
absolute ne d of a live man whom he can depend
on; full investigation ax to past and present re-
turns from the business: references exchanged.
Apply M. LESS, 5 Fourth St.
ft I Z.(\f\ SALOON; ONE OF THE OLDEST
; «JDJ-*-'"v7. places near the Chronicle building:
place crowded all day; finely fitted np: easily
worth $250J; rent moderate: must be seen to be
appreciated. M. LESS, 5 Fourth st.
MILLINKRY STORE: TWO DOORS NORTH
of Market sL; fine large store; four nice
living-rooms; rent low: has a good new stock on
hand; good business. M. LESS, 6 Fourth st.
ffl»f»AA SALOON IN AN EXCELLENT BUSI-
tp\J\J\J. ne«s locality one of the oldest-estab-
lishfd and best-known places in its neighborhood;
rent reasonable; large s:ock; does a business that
wou justify an investment of at least £1000,
which will be proven oy a trial; thorouga investi-
gation allowed to any one meaning business; sa: •
isfactory reasons for selling. M. LESS, 6 l-'ourth
ft^^fl CORNER GROCEUY AND BAR; A
tUiliOl/. few blocks north of Market street;
finely fitted up: good, large stock on hanu: 4 nice
living-rooms: rent low. M. LESS, 5 Fourth st.
ft 1 9fkn SALOON— ONE OF THE FINEST
t\pi£\'\J and oldest places in the immediate
vicinity of many larpe theaters; elegant private
rooms; magnificent fixtures; clears $160 to $200
per month. M. Le.S», 5 Fourth su
HIGHEST CASH I>RIC*K- PAID FoH FURNt-
ture, restaurant, saloon fixtures and grocer,-
•tocKs. STENBEKG, 632 Market; tel. main 1043.
ft 1 f\(\(\ GROCERY AND BAR; FINE CQR-
«Tp-Lv/v/U. ner in Mission; large stock: owner
has other business: must sell: brewery will ad-
vance | art of purchase price. STENBKRO <fc CO.,
632 Market su
ffIJJ£A LAUNDRY ROUTE, CLEARING
W±O\J. $100 month; good horse and wagon;
trial given. STENBERG «fc CO., 632 Market St.
<sjOnfk RESTAURANT AND OY*TER-
<ipij\J\J. house: great bargain; near Maiket and
4th;low rent. BASILE«fcBARRETT,B73V Market
ft7nn bakery AND confectionery;
«Jp I \J\J. good outside trade; bake- 45 bbls flour
monthly; cheap rent. Bus. Exch., 777 Market st.
ft! f\t\ partner wanted— LiGHTBLSI-
dPIvv. ness; $18 a week each. 9 Geary st.,
room 2.
ft9flft LOOK AT THIS FINE SALOON;
<jp^UU. good stock; fine location; cheap rent.
805 Howard st.
OATENT FOR SALE OF COMPOSITION FOR
X yellow-fever, malaria and cholera nostras; the
patent is red-tered at Washington, D. CL. on the
17ihof Junr, 1889. and granted on the 16th of
July, 18*9. for the tf-rm of 30 years for the United
States of America and Canada: price $3500. For
particulars address J., box 2, Call Offlce-
S ALOON MEN, ATTENTION— S4OO TODAY
buys large saloon and lunchhouse: finely fitted :
gpleudid location: good stoclt: kitchen and back
rooms; large basement; two rooms upstairs:
business established 20 years: mini sell on ac-
count of other very important business. Particu-
lars 539 California at.
Ipoß SALE— f SOO— CANDY-STORE IN M.lS-
slon, with elegant soda fountain, icecream par-
lors and factory; buyer can learn easily the mak-
ing of candy; clears $100 monthly: satisfactory
tr al given. Address C. S., box 91, Call Office.
/-IROCERY AND BAR: SOUTH OF MARKET
VJst.: establishrd 20 years: must be sold this
month. COMMINh it CO., Wholesale Liquor Mer-
chantM, 5 and 7 Pine St., near Market
G- OOD BUSINESS IK LADIES' UNDKR-
wear, corsets and general notions: goon living;
rent low; a bargain. ;\il,i C, box 148, Call Olnce.
T ADIES, ATTENTION ! STATIONERY, NO-
XJ tions, ■ iinilv and cigar store; also papers and
laundry; for sale cheap. 2002 Mason st.
T7>INE ESTABLISHED G'-'OOKRV FOR SALE.
X I Ap. WELLIIAN. PECK & CO, 201-207 Market.
yOUXG LADY DESIRES A ''ENTLEMAN
X partner. 9 Powell s'.., room 8, second floor.
/GENTLEMAN PA i TNER WANTED BY
VJF young lady;country business. 17Urant av.,r. 2.
QPLENDID CHANCE FOR A GOOD HOHSE-
-0 sboer and general blacksmith in all its
branches; building; to let on reasonable terms, the
owner having considerable work in the above line.
Inqulre;at 706 Ivy aye., Hear Buchanan st.
ilk ranch, 6 cows, and route- |
large placp, suitabie for poultry ranch, includ-
ing pigeoi.-h< use with 6(0 i i^eons; for sale or
leut. O. MOLEMA, Tenth aye. and I at., Ban
1 rancisco South.
DARTNEB WANTED IN OLD ESTABLISH-
X ed furniture and undertaklnK business: must
have $900: doingicood business in thriving interior
town. Address F. 8., box 88. (-all office.
LD ESTABLISHED BUSINESS; WELL
fitted up: dancinc academy and lodgerooms'
cheap rent and In good ruunlng order. 121 New
Montgomery st.
U ARGAIN-FIRST-CLASS SALOON. SAFE
X< Improvements, cardroomi, eta; a sa Title*
proprietor must leave for the East; good business
iuvestme:it. 100 Me Ailister st., opp.dty Hall.
PARTNER WANTED FOR WELL-ESTAB-
lisbed. wholesale and retail bnslnees, to take
charge of •nice and collect. Address W E box
34, Call Office. '
ALOON AND RESTAURANT; 4 FURNISH-
ed rooms; steady trade; eood reasons for sell-
ing; no agents. Apply at 339 Batter St.. from 10
to 3. MAX KERN.
I/OR SALr— THE GREAT HEIiR INSTI-
r tute. 1205 Market St.. at a sacrifice; those
wishing to consult DR. sh a PKHO call at once, as
he will soon retire from business.
NE OF THE OLDEST COKNEIt SALOONS
for sale: near city front Inquire WICHMAN,
LUTUEN & CU, 218, 220 and 222 Clay St.
PRINTING PLANT-IN FiRST-CLASS CON-
X dltion; rent $25. E. SI. RAITO, 626 Washing-
ton st.
I !30-ACRE HOMESTEAD CLAIM,
tSiXOKJ. near Cazudera Inquire 1236 Market
St., room 12(5.
4;€>9FL GOOD CORNER GHOCERY AND
•» •' —O. bar; cheap; no opposit.on; 4 living-
rooms- 331 Sixth st.
Tj'Oß SALK— BRANCH BAKEItT AND DELI-
X I catessen business in good business street;
cheap; g.od reason given. Ap. M., box 116. Call.
pORKER SALOON AND C lOAH-STORE, OR
V- separate; fitted up first class. 500 Kills st.
rOK SALE— ROUTE ON MoRNTNO PAPER.
X Call }»i,-3 Dtkeman pace, off Mason st.
ALF-INIEKEST IN -MEAT MARKET;
must be prnctical man: full investigation. Ad-
dress B , Call Office, Alameda.
BUSINESS CHANCES-Continued.
GEO. STEWART & CO., 632 MARKET ST.,
opposite Falac? Hotel
Wholesale produce commission, partner. .. .52.300
Restaurant and coffee saloon, nr Market.. 2.000
Partner In large ouarry plant..... •%<u>[
Manufacturing busiuess. one-naif °n/iV
Carpenter-shop. esL 20 IMA rartner. ,001
Groceries aid delicacy si-re in *a» i.afael. 600
Coffee saloon, esrabiished 13 years 350
Drugstore; stock will invoice $500. ...... 450
Dry-goods business: at invoice price about. 600
Lodclng-hoases, partnerships, hotels, saloons
and all kinds of business propositions.
OALOON, CHEAP, ON ACC'UNT DEPART-
Onre: centrally located; btars investigation. In-
quire Albany Brewery.
STOkE FOR SALE; PRICE $1000: FLRNl-
ture, notions, bicycles, other busiuess. Box
314. Gllroy, CaL
ARK CHANCE: RESTAURANT IN BU*l-
ness location ; cheap: rent low. 210 Drunim.
JCNTLKMAN PARTNER WANTED BY A
young widow. Room 8, l! 07 Post St.
Al GROCERY AND BAR SOUTH OF MAR-
ket st. ; near firehouce; fine family trade; no
agents. Apply Call Oilice.
O-CHAIR Bißßh R-SHOP. GOOD LOCATION,
& with 4 living-rooms. Apply tuis office.
d> \l\C\ SALOON FOR SALE: OLD EsTAII-
<Jp4UU. lished place: no night work. Apply this
office.
aUQfkfk HALF-INTEREST ESTABLISHED
»JpOUU. manufacturins; business; no experience
needed. 827 Mission st.
UOR RENT — FAMILY RESTAURANT:
-T large uining-room; French range: 2 suites of
rooms; bath, eta Apply W. B. CLUFF, 17 sixth.
ogn/\rv CIGAR AND STATIONERY STORE;
«JpOUv/. clearing over $100 per month above all
exneuses: trial given before buying; cheap rent,
with living-rooms; value in sight. C. S., box 88,
Call Office.
FOR SALE OR TRADE: GOOD PAYING
lodging-house north of Market st. ; trial given;
goes cheap for cash: owner going to Europe. Ad-
dress Barber, 405 Hxth St.: no agents.
COUTUERN PACIFIC RESTAURANT FOR
O sale, cheap; f;ne location: doing good busi-
ness; owner going to the old country; investigate.
202 Townsend St., cor. of lhird.
ADY WISHES GENTLEMAN PARTNER;
$50; country business. Room 2, 223 Post st.
ft .If 10 GROCERY AND BAR; S LJVING-
rJp'II'Lf. rooms; rent $36. Hiberuia Brewery.
ftlinO OKOCERY AND BAR; FINE
t[pl 1 \J\J. s-.ock: nice family trade. Apply Call.
FOR SALE — STAR AND GA RTEH SA LOON,
137 Fifth St.; established 188U; 3 living-rooms;
no agent.
KKSTAURANT: FINE LOCATION; CHEAP;
good place tor two. 324 Larkin St.
i^UR SALE— GROCr.RY AND BAR; OWNER
selling on account of sickness. 240 Minna st.
"1/<OR SALE —SACRAMENTO AGENCY OF
-T this paper. For particulars inquire Call Office.
"PORTLAND AGENCY THIS PAPER. IN-
X quire this office or at 133 Third st., Portland,
LODGING-HOUSES FOX SALE.
"I A-ROOM HOUSE, CORNER $300
J" 8-room new flat, best in city 800
108-room house, clearing $350 6,000
13 rooms on Eddy st 650
60-room house ou Pine St., rent $85 2,000
12 rooms on Van Ness aye., only 1,400
17-room house on Sixth street «50
H. C. DECKEIt, 1020 Market su, opp. Fifth.
qjj 7 P-/| HOUSE OF 26 ROOMS; LOCA-
•J; 4 i)U. tlon on Mark't su; a rare bargain;
owner is leaving for Europe. WILKE. 783 Markeu
FUKSITUKE FOB SALE.
ENTIRE STOCK T. H. NELSON, DECEASED,
now being sacrificed to close estate: household
furniture every description, newand2d-hand; pos-
itively below cost; geauine closing ouU 126 4th.
OR SALE-FURNITURE OF S ROOMS;
rent $11; nodealers. Natomasu
AYE MONEY-BUY FURNITURE FROM
Buckingham Fur. Co., 866 Mission; advances.
Household ranges are the best
JOHN F. MEYERS CO.. 947 Market St.
CARPET CLEANING.
A DVANCE CARPET-CLEANING CO., 402
A sutter; tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, prop.
CITY STEAM CARPET-CLEANING WOSKS;
cleans, mo v«s, i ays carpets. G. H. STEVENS,
Mgr., 38 and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 250.
J WATTS, reliable carpet- cleanlug renovtg, alter-
. atlon worics. 413 McAllister. TeL Jessie 3VJL
CARPET-* LEANINU, 3c: LAYING, 3c; RU(J
samples free; tel. Jessie 944. Stratton, 38th su
pARPKT-> CLEANED, HK.NUVaIED LIKB
\J new. J. McQf KEN, 453 Stevenson. Tel. fe.223.
WHEN YuL' BECOME DISGUSIED WITU
poor work send toSPAULDING'S Pioneer Ca-
rpet-beating Works. 353-67 Tehama St.; tel. Sq 4J.
CARPETS CLEANED* KENUVaTED LJKfci
new. H3 Tenth; tel. South 36. Mackintosh <fe Co.
E. MITCHELL, CAKPET-CLEaNING 00.
. 240 14th su ; cleaning 3c a yard. TeL Mis. 7J.
pONKLIN'S CARPET - BEATING WOKiic.
\J 333 Golden Gate nve. Telephone East 126.
HORSES.
FOR SALE— A BAY MARE, 7 YEARS OLD;
sound; in good condition; Al roadster; single
or double. Olympic Stables, 503 Sutler st.
QHETLAND AND SADDLE PONIES, BUSI-
-0 ness and roadhorse. 605 Uolden Gate aye. J aj
C/\ HORSES FOR SALE: WAGONS AND
O\J harness, at car stables, 721 Howard st. ; auc-
tion every Tuesday.
AUCTION SALES EVERY SATURDAY AT
11 o'clock of horses, buggies, wagons, harness,
etc. Kmponum sales yards, 220 Valencia St., &
WATKINn, auctioneer.
A(\ HORSES FOR SALE: ALSO WAGONS,
I\J buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horsa
Market, 327 Sixth St.: auction sales every W«d«
nesday. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers. .
T EIBOLD HARNESS COMPANY; 500 SET 3
XJ of gi'od harness, our own njake, of every de-
scription, for less money than you can buy Eastern
trash: send for catalogue. 110 McAllister St., S. F.
rf\ HEAD OF HORSES SUITABLE FOR ANT
OV/buslness 900 to 150U pounds. Old Turk-sU cat
stables. 1301 Turk: team of larze vouog mules.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
"VTKW AND s-ECOND-HAND BAKER, LAUN-
i-' dry and milk ira?on: also iiui lop buggy anil
rockaway. 828 Harrison st. .
ocoo mission — SUJ:SCKIPTION3 AND
J-O£.\J want ads takon lor 'in k L'alu
FOR SALE- MISCELLANEOUS.
FOR BALE— FRESH JERSEY COW; RICH
milk; gentle, quiet. 1312 Folsom St.
IjILLIARD-TABLE FOR SALE: BRUNS-
I > wick & Balke; cheap; been used but little:
balls, cuerack, etc., complete. Address Billiards,
box 77, Call Office.
pOMPLETE OUTFIT FOR CHICKEN-RAIS-
\J Ing: also furniture for 5 rooms: compelled to
sell on account of death of owner. MRS. KLANG,
box 260, Petaluma. ,
fli7ftn 2 LOTs . FRONTING ON FALCON
«]p \J\.'. and Ocean road, near Twrnty-second
st. Apply 865 Mission st.
Fine family cow, with calf. m. a.
KRETH, 1445 Thirteenth aye., South S. F.
QECOND-HAND SHAFT, PULLEY AND
IkJ be ling for sale. 827 Hampshire st.
"I 7-HORBE-PUWKR ENGINE, 1 4-HORSK-
-1 power engine, with oiler, gas-engine, lathes,
planers and shapers. 51& Sixth st.
... ARS, BACK BARS, MIJKKOKS, SHOW-
JL* cases, counters, linoleum, office turnitura,
■tor* and office furniture and fixtures, new and
second hand. J. NUONA.V, xolv-10iU-iU-l-JUi;j
Mission su. above Sixth.
SAFEB— . AND SECOND-HAND. 609
Market st.
L>OILERS,ENIiINKS,-.'D-HANi> MACHINERY
X> water-pipes. Mclntosh Wolpman, 127 Beala.
I^IOFFKU MILL, SCAI»ES, LETTER PRESa^
\J stand desk, money till, sate; cheap. 102 Clay.
ARS, SHOWCASES, COUNTERS, SHELV-
Ing, etc, bought and sold, j 1063 Mission, nr. 7th.
LAHGE DOUBLE COMPARTMENT COlif
XJ bank safa; cheap, b Mission st.
ATEW ELMWOOD RANGES ARE THE BEST,"
I> W. RAY MFU. CO.. 12 California sl
ONE SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE-SIZS
\J lira and burglar proof safe. 109-111 Market at,
l> RANCH OFFICE OF THE (.'ALL. 167 NINTH
L> su: want ads and subscriptions taken. . -■«,..,
SEWING MACHINES. V- '
A LL KINDS BOUGHT, SOLD, RXCHANGED
-4.1. rented, repaiied; needieasupiiile*. 1559 Market
NEW DOMESTIC SEWING MACHINE-
IN ch*«v. 301 Fourth St., upstair*. mA^ g.
STORAGE.
pEDUCED RATES, FURNITURE. PIANOa
Xi householu goods, etc. J. il. PIJSKCJS, 755 Mitfc•- .. HOUSES TO LET.
TOLKT- AN ELEGANT SUNNY RESIDENCE
- ,JL- in-tho Mis^ion; 13 rooms, bath, stable, lawn, !
etc ; Jf desired will sell or lease al or ai:y part of ;
tin- fiirimtir'" which it now contains: it is suited I
tora sanitarium or oarding-hous ■■: rent $55 pi-r ! ■
i OBlh. water included. Address 8., box 81, (all. j
I II OI'SE To I,ET; 11 ROOMS AND BATH; 1 1
¥ 11. 114 Kleventh St., near Mission: rent »30. /
I \' SUXNYIIOOMS; NKWLV PAINTED: RENT
fj 1 > reasonable to good tenant. 12U8 Folsom St.,
r»iir Kighth.
QQ(| NEW, 2-STORY: PBHSIDIO HEIGHTS; i
■;• ' y '• line marine view. DR. DAVIS, Murphy !
buiiaing. j
HOUSE OF 10 ROOMS AND BATH: STREET I
In rear, and sunny; suitable for doctor's office 1
or dressmaker; rent $50. 1117 Sinter st.
HOUSKS TO RENT FOX VERY LITTLK
money »t BALDWIN & lIOWELL'S, 10
Montgomery -•.
-1 ' !
|^|-i|§Jg FUEXISHEI) HOUSES.
VlfkLY FURNISfIFD HOUSE TO RENT
i-j for summer; desirable location. Apply 11 10
rddv st.
< 9 ?\C\ FOX ADULTs: 4 COMFORTABLE
V— — •O\'. rooms: bath: i beds; 2 stoves, gas
andc^al. 1817 <-i-:.r." st.
1 IKMSHKU FLATS.
T JPPER FLAT 8 ROOM-! TO RENT 6 MONTHS
kj 01 less; piano; $35. 93* Fillmorest.
C: ORTABLE FURNISHED FLAT OF 4
\J rooms aud b»th for sale cl*>ap . K. G., box 77, ;
Call tiftice. •'.'-.::■
COTTAGES TO LET.
Q-IA AM) ?8 50-2 OOTTAGKB; 11 RUS-
O1 v/ sell st. aud 3 Tay su.ofl' Clay, near Mason. !
. pOTTAGK, 4 BUNNY KOOJIs, YARD. $11;
■ ,XJ also flat 6 rooms, $15. 6.'3 second St., bet. j
Branuau ana Townsencl.
IJO rft COTTAGK OF 8 LARGE ROOMS;
kj-Cj.O\J. gmrden; yard. 18 Prosp ct aye., bet.
T-wejity-seveuth and Twenty -eighih sts.. near i
.. Mi«6ion.
TO LET- COTTAGE 5 KOOMS AND BATH; !
1 rent $18. 449 Bryant st. * t
FLATS TO LET;
7117 HA\ F.s ST.— NEW LOWER FLAT: 5
IV rooms, bath: gas; rent cheap.
'■V:E\V FLATS, JUST FINI-HED, 1945 AND
■J-i 1947 Kddy 6t., near Devisadero; sunny aiid
■ moderu: 6 and 7 rooms und caih.
.-.CIO rA NEW BAY WINDOW FLAT OF
, .TiTl— .O\J. 3 rooms, ga3, tubs, bath. 9J9 Fol-
,sam st., near Fis;h.
HiIFULIOM- EXTRA FINE MIDDLE
1 tt~ flat, 6 rooms and bath; new; $30.
1 71 fl HYDE-UPPER FLAT; 7 NICE SUN-
X l-i-\J ny rooms: $-'6.
•' ffif I A TAKE YOUR CHOICE; 4OR fi-ROOM
. CIU. flats; near Call. SPECK <fc CO., 602
Market st.
1-41 KDDY — NICE. BUNNY, CORNER
. 1012 fljf, 6 rooms; modem; rent reasonable.
• ICA7 l STEINKK — DII.N'XY MO D R N
J«Cv/ I s lower flat: 5 larg<« rooms aud bath.
<5»"I (\ FOUR SUNNY ROOMS. IVY AV£.,
•_ J v". near Van Neis.
T^LAT OF 8 ROOMS AND BATH; RENT KKA-
-" 'l£ sonable. SE. cor. Page and Lyon sts.
ftnC MODERN FLAT, 8 ROOMS, BATH; 1
ijpZ O. or 2 families- 1128 Howard st.
CHOICE SUNNY FLAT^, MODERN CON-
\J veniences; cheap to good tenants. See owner,
6 Collingwood st.
' C;-! Q UTPEK FLAT; 5 ROOMS AND BATH.
vlO. 16-5V4 Pine st., abov* Van .Vess aye.
1 7 KLLIOTT PARK, Oi F STEINER, NEAR
1 I Geary— 3 large sunny rooms, yard and cellar:
rent $12. Inquire 1911 <>eary st.
O YOU WANT A NEW FLAT OR COT-
tage: cheap. See hl'iCK & CO., 602 Market.
■ • FLATS TO LKT FOR VKKV LITTLE
X money at BALDWIN & HOWELL'S, 10 Mont-
gomery st.
CHEAP MODERN FLATS. b AND 6
V^ rooms. $S '.o $16: m»e them. 523 sr-venth st.
.4 WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — TH»
-tx WEEKLY CAT.L. in wrapper, for mailing.
HOUSEKEEPING EOOMS.
tiehth street.
1 1 9 EIGHTH— FRONT AND BACK PAR-
-1 1_ lors and 'A iiiruiju-.-iI rooms for housekeep-
ing.
1 illmore Street.
QIC 6 SUNNY ROOMS: BATH; LARGE
C-l«J. yard. 2208 liUmore St., ntar Clay.
iiu.'i >ir«e>.
1 A 7 FIFTH-PLEASANT SUNNY UNFUB-
JUI Dished rooms to let.
_ I j FIFTH— LAKGK SUNNY FRONT BED-
• >li ro»m and kitchen, bath; no children; pri-
vate; $11.
_ QC FIFTH-CLEAN FURNISHED HOUSE-
04.0 keeping rooms; 3, $13; 1, $7; single, $5.
t'raiiklin Street.
7 FRANKLIN-2 HU.nIsHED ROOMS FOR
• huusekeeniug; cheap.
Golden Gate Avenue.
A 99 GOLDEN GATE A YE.-SUNN Y HOUSE;
*J «J— 9 rooms; porcelain bath; reasonable to a
good tenant.
• £99 GOLDEN GATE— FRONT PABLOR AND
v>_— kitchen, $18: 3 sunny front housekeep-
ing, $20.
Q-l GOLDEN GATE AYE.— 2 OK MORE
Oil connecting rooms; light housekeeping.
Jlarrisoi) Street.
.. 7Q9 HARRISON— 3 ROOMS FOR HOUSE-
-1 OO keeping: large yard: $13.
t Hawthorne Street.
•I 79 HAWTHORNh. NR. HARRISON-
J i —■ able for man and wife; desirable and rea-
sonable: rtferences-
Howard Street.
n9l 1 HOWARD. NEAR SEVENTH— 2
— la large sunny rooms complete for house-
keeping in private American family.
•untie -treo».
ADO JESSIfC— i'RO.NT FURNISHED HOUSE-
rtOO keeping room 3. $6; ai.-o single, cheap.
McAllister street.
79_1 McALLISTEK-NKWLY FURNISHED
\£ri.% front rooms with housekeeping privileges.
* "" • Stree;.
F\_f? minna-fur">ished rooms, COM-
.*) _D piete for housekeeping: lari:e yard.
Allaaion Stree:.
QOQ MISSION-2 OR NEATLY FURNISH-
ODO ed, complete for housekeeping.
■I (\f»O MIfeSION ST. — KLEGANT FRONT
. J.I/OO suites: new: b.ue- flame stoves: gas.
" 1 I^^ MISSION-QUIET FAMILY HOUSE;
Xi-OO famished suites to rent for housekeeping.
'■■• ■ Slogs Street.
I p MOSS, OFF HOWABD. NB. BEVENTH-2
J. O rooms, furnished complete for housekeeping |
Nsiioma Stree..
r'C NATOMA— SUITE HOUSEKEEPING
000 rooms: single rooms; $10, $4 per mo ith.
Nintii street.
OA NINTB-FRONT SUITE HOUSEKEKPINQ
Z.\J rooms: stove, water, gas; elso 246 Klghth st. |
91 NINI H ST.— SUNNY SUITE FOR LIGHT
«-l housekeeping; running water: other rooms.
O'Farrell Street.
Q-l Q O'FARRELL-2 NICELY FURNISHED
OX') front rooms complete for housekeeping;
reasooable.
Page Street.
ciftn PAGE-3 SUNNY UOOM!*, FURNISHED I
_Zt) tor housekeeping; cas and bath; fits.
Fine Stree...
-i 90A PINE. NR. LA BKIN— FLOOR OV 3
J. OuU or 4 sunny furnished housekeeping rma. j
J-o.lc stree:..
1 AAO polk, con. gea ry -A modern
J \)\jj. apartment-house; 4 connecting rooms
and bath; nicely -and completely furnished for
housekeeplne; evtry convenience; first floor;
stp.raie entrance: $30: references exchan.pd;
also 3 connecting rooms, complete for housekeep-
• lng: $-Ji 80.
second straeU
A 99 SECOND-SUNNY ROOMS FOR HOUSE.
___ keeping, water, bath; other rooms, $4 up.
hevcntli Street.
IJ9 SEVENTH (GIRARD)— SUITES ANI>
1 __ klicnens;al»o single roomajnewly renovated
HOUSEKKEPINO BOOMS- Continued. I
Taylor Street.
"j AO TAYLOR — FUR. n IS II ED SUNNY ,
-IV/O hon*ekfeping rooms: small family.
199 Taylor — furnished rooms TO |
J .—_ rent for housekeeping; also o.her nice ;
sunny rooms, cheap.
Trpenty-fifth Street.
41 T^yiNTY-FIFTU ST.. FEW DOORS
*■*- tJ — east ol Castro— sunny unfurnishedrooms
(private family), suitable for light housekeeping; I
bath aud laundry; ladies only; rent SU per mouth. I
Valencia Street.
Om 1 VALENCIA, COR. TWENTIETH - I
""is Furnished housekeeping rooms in suites
or single; a 1 froat roams; private family: these
are eems compared wiih the majority of those of-
fered: no foui-amelling halls; no dirty wails; no
children: everything ntat, and you must be neat
if you want them.
\ -»• .\f« A.vt:uaa.
909 VAN NESS (BELLEVUF, CHANGBD
_«>.».' hands)— >e.vly furnished sunny suites, 2
or 3 rooms; -eparate kitchens: gas ranges.
■Miscellaneous.
a 97 MONTGOMERY, COR. CLAY — OPEN
O£.i until P-.3 o'clock; branch office 01 Thx
1 li.: subscriptions and want ads taken. I
EOOJIS TO LIST.
i>i'»h Mrtse..
00 A BUSH— NICELY FURNISHED SINGLE
•JO"± rooms; c.eau; quie:; s5 to montn.
California Street;.'
1 Q9O CALIFOKNIA - DOUBLE PARLOR, I
l.i>^.tj wiih dlninc-room aDd kitchen: gas and !
bath; suany yrd; $12: bouseKpg.rms. for ladies, 1
Clay Street.
9QI £ CLAY, IN RKAii - LARGE FRONT
iOii) rc#m; well furnished: cheap: board if
desired; hot and cold water: other privileges.
i-UUv Streoi.
yfOO EDDY— NICK SUNNY BOOMS: PHY-
'J_O slcian: bath: private family: other rooms.
iijghtli Street.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE. 2S FTH
0 Ft., near Market: Jurnlshed and unfurnished.
Ql n F.IGHTH. NKAR FuLSOM-3 LARGiS ',
ij L\.' rooms: rent $10.
*-.*is Street.
ROYAL HOUSE. 126 ELLIS— ANDES- 1
cent lichis: readln?-room, smoking-room and
ladies' parlor: rooms per night. 35c to $1 60:
week. *2 to ?S: month, f 8 to $30; elevator on '
ofiice floor; rooms with hot anJ coid water: baths.
OVAL KAGLE, OPI . BALDWIN— NKWLY i
furnished suites: single: elevator, heaters, e;c. ;
LIFFPRD, 204 ELLI^, COR. MASON— FEW '
des.rable sunny room*: prices reasonable.
i.iltr» mi'«»..
THK COSMOPOLITAN — SELECT FAMILY |
hotel: 100 Fifth St., cor. Mission: rooms
60c, 75c and $1 per night: $2 to $5 per week.
_^^^__^_^^ ___ —^__. j
i t-lsom Streo..
QC)(\ FOLSOM — SINGLE AND DOUBLE j
O— U furnished rooms: $1 per week.
I uin-iii -tree;.
-I f\n FOURTH. FIRST FLOOR— FURNISHED !
IUO front room for gentleman; by widow.
Q.. - FOURTH— NICE FRONT ROOM SUIT- i
—— 0 ab e for two, $7 a month.
,11; FOURTH— 2 FRONT ROOMS NEWLY
4Oi» furnished, $6 to $10; quiet hcuse.
Fourteenth Street.
1 9QB FOURTKENTH— 2 SUNNY UNFUR-
LJLO nijheJ, bay-window, housekeeping : rooms.
■ ~~ ' i
uiton Mitdt.
3 FULTON (FULTU^ HOUSEI — NICELY
furnished rms; single or en suite; $8 <fc $15 up. ;
Obarv Stree;.
QO£ GEARY — LOVELY SUNNY ALCOVE
o^.o rooms: doube and single; larg»; roomy: ;
all conveniences; well kept; neat; clean: these
rooms or- select: quietness «nd comfort assured: ;
reasonable to propor persons; location convenient
for busir.e s men.
GEARY — FRONT SUITE PARLORS;
• >1C othersuites; double and singie; lighthouse- j
keeping or board; piano. 1
THE MARTINET, 1101 GEARY. SW. COR.
Van Ness— Handsome suites, newiy furnished.
_. Harrison Streec.
Qor H.A R R ISO N -FURNISHED FRONT !
t/ZO room $5 a month or $15 with board.
00l HARRI ON— NICE ROOMS; RENT, •
_O—l 53; water and ashes free.
Hyde Street.
/TAQI HYDE, FLAT 2— 2 JLOVELY SUNNY
IUOg front connecting rooms; unfurnished;
bath: gra.e: references.
ue»bie street.
nZA JESSIE ST.— LARGE SUNNY FRONT ;
U«Jt room, bay-window, also small room if de-
sired, in private family.
Oonen street.
II A JONES — LOWER FLOOR, 3 ROOMB,
11U bath, yard and laundry.
9/^7 Junes (-rHE van wlnklk")-hand-
.U I somely furnished rooms, suites or single.
Kearny struus.
» BLTNGTON ■ HOUSE, J27 KEARNY — '
J\ Pleasant sunny rooms, co suite and single; first ,
class In every respect: term* reasonable.
, _^_^_ j
Lagans Street.
-I A9Q LAGUNA — 1 OR 2 GENTLEMEN; '
ll'_O rooms, priva'.e family; newly furnished;
home comforts.
3^aiket tstreec.
"VJOSEMITE HOUSK 1045 MARKET-PEK 1
1 n.'ght, 35c to $1: week, $1 50 to ss: families.
I
Martha Place.
O MARTHA PLACE, OFF GF. A RY. BET. TAY- |
0 lor and Mason— .-ingle front room furnished $6. :
J.cA:liii!c>r &>r«e;.
90m McALLISTtR-NICELY FURN [SHED '
__U'2 double aud single: aUo bay-wlnaow
suite, suitable for physician: excellent location; !
opp. Cl'.y Hall: ■ ?6 per month, up. ;
3>anon Streec.
■1 r\Q MASON— SUITE NEWLY FURNISHED I
J.UO $20, and other rooms $5 to $8.
A\ Q MASON-BEAUTIFULLY FURNISHED
"ri 1 O sunny comiortable parlors; lower floor; j
reasonable.
I
MUui ,-.rro«..
anrr minna. cor. eiuhth-newly fur-
UU t nished bay-window room: $1 per week.
Mission (street.
/♦O9 MISSION— NICELY FURNISHED STJN-
XjOZi ny front rooms : cheap; quiet place.
HANCOCK HOUSK, 781 MISSION; PELECT
iamiiy rooming-house: $1 50 10 $8 per week.
o'j.»rr«ll aneo..
7]A O'FARRELL-LARGE SUNNY FRONT ■
1 I\J parlor.- sunn? double atid single rooms; j
ens: liath: mnnins water, hot and coU ; $6 to 1 18 1
month; private house; also housekeeping rooms. i
iuitell Streec
THE WILLISFORD 212-214 POWELL ST.— j
Newly furnished sunny rooms: telephone.
■:.<!*.• mill Si res .
1 />Q SIXTH— NEWLY RENOVATED STJN- j
luO ny rooms; quiet; double or single; $5 up.
HE PIEDMONT, 119 a BIXTH— NICE SUN- j
ny roouis: modern veniences.
1 9- SIXTH-CHEAPEST IN THE CITY: t
iZt) nicely urntshed doube and single rooms. j
Ql A PLEASANT SUNNY ROOMS;
Ol rt $1 to $1 25 per weok.
■ . Stevenson Street.
A 97 STEVENSON, BET. FIFTH AND
"i^ii Sixth— $8: 4 rooms, rear.
A(\ni STt.VKNSON-SUNNY ROOM SUIT-
1U I 2 able for 2 ladies: call after 6 p. m.
. ;,\'..- , Mucklon Place.
rpHE EUROPEAN, 17 STOCKTON — FUR- i
1 niabed r< oms $1 50 to J2 50 per week: suites !
$3 50 10 t* per week; by night, 50c to $1 60; hoi
and cold water; elevator: transient.
Tuylor Street.
■I AQ TAYLOK— ROOMS; $1 75 AND
X\J'J $2; snnny single, 91 25 and $1 SO week.
• • 'X uik Street.
OA TURK"— TWO NEW FURNISHED ROOMS;
£\J reasonable. !
OFFICKS TO LET.
OFFICES TO LET-19 POWELL ST., OPPO-
site Baldwin Ho tel.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 6, 1597.
BOARDING AND ROOMS. "
71 9 POsT-FURN IIHKD SUNNY BOOMB,
1 I _ with board, for 2; $18 eacn up; use parlor
and plaso. .
I] 9 EDDY— 2 SUNNY PARLORS OR 2,
"-L*J with board, $^0 each; back parlor (or 2,
$18 each.
FEW SUMMER BOARDKRS WANTED AT
S- 254 Kast Sixteenth ht., Kast Oakland.
OOM FoR 2 UK.VTI.KMES WliH BOARD;
German home cooking; <i>j a week, ti'-'a Valen-
cia st. • .
Q(\Q VAN NESS AYE.— NEWLY FUR-
OvO nisbed lunny rooms or suite, with beard.
HOTKL 81-RTLING, 714 BUSH— A FAMILY
hotel: refer nces;'all modern conveniencea; \
RiUston tabes, if sired: new niannaement.
illLUlit.s IH)AKDKU.
GOOD HOMEFORI OR 2 CHILDRKS; MOTH-
vT er's care, 1 all 4307 Twenty-fourth st.
ATICE HOME FuR 2 CHILDREN: MUSIC.
XN and clo=e to too.l school: $10 per month. Ad-
dresi MRs. E. L. BILLI -, Golden Gate, Alameda
< onnty. Cal.
STORES TO LET.
CORNER B '.'O EONGEAHYAND WILLIAM
s reete, Taylor; cheap rent. Apply 516Vs
Geary st.
T>ART OF STORE AND CIiOICE SHOW-WIN-
dow ou Murk't st: reut *7 50: suitable for
watchmaker or cigarmaker. Inquire tins olhce.
rpo LKT-CIGAR STORE, WITH HXTUKKS;
A renttheap. 1739 Mission, near Foutteenfh
BA'-EJIENT; PLUMBER OR PAINTER. 600
Kearny St., cor. Sacrumento.
ONE OF THK BEST KRUITSTORES IN THE
Mission. Apply UMUsEN & CO., 14 Mont-
gomery st.
BUTCHER-SHOP, FIXTURES: $10 MONTH.
JNO. T. GRAHAM, cor. Twenty-seventh ana
Alabama sts.
. ARGE STORE, 3 SHOW WINDOWS AND
J-J 4 lar^'- rooms: rent on v $22 bO 422 Sixth.
MUSICAL INSTKUBIEKTT3.
A RE YOU ABOUT TO PURCHASE A PIANO?
J\. We sell them for $3, $4, $5, $6, $7. $a $a. $10
per month: alsoforcash; the best makers of every
grade; don't pay rent when the same mon.hly
paym nts will purchase one from us. SiIKR.MAX,
CLA V >t CO., cor. Kearny mid butter sis.. Stela-
way dealers.
A BbOLUTELY THE OLDEST AND LARGEST
A house west of Chicago is KuHLER &
CHASE'S, 26, 28 and SO arrell s'..; plauoj, or-
gans and all other musical instruments, o: all
grades nnd prices; it-rms easy: prices lowes.:
everything possible done to please ami b&iisry ma
customer.
ACTU THE BKST BAUUAIXs IN Pi-
anos; mon;hly payments from $6 up; deliv-
ered free with stool and cover: correspondence
solicited. THE F. W. &PEXGER COMPANY,
salesroom] 933 Market ml, opp. ilusuu; etiiaa
lished over 20 years.
BONA FIDE REDUCTION IN PRICES-
Halnes. Knabe, Bush it Gerts and others: sec-
ona-hand pianos iroiu $10u up, W. C 11AMIL-
TuX, successor vo A. J. Ki.ncroft & Co., £24 rost.
\ DMIXIbTBATOB'B SALE- MU.-T SELL*.
J\. pianos at inimense reduction for casboron
lusullnients. Ea'ION K>TaTE. 735 Market st.
BK U TIFUL $500 WALNUT DECKER &
Son npri:ht, good as new, for if-'JO cash.
AL VAIS, 769 Market St.
SHAW, STKINWaTi, *250; CHICKKRING.
$185: bar.-uins, $4 a month; a nice oniail up-
right, $95; rent $2 up. HtISE, 13tS Ellis It.
C«9^: GOOD PIANO: MUST BE SOLD AT
{^_U. once. 326 Thirteenth sU, bet. Mission
aud Valencia.
VTKW RENT CONTRACT; NO INTEREST
-•A to bigiu wi h: come, let us explain. 136 Ellis.
T?LEGANTSSOO WEB: X UPRIGHT, CHEAP.
S-J BRUENN'S Piano-house, 228 Post st.
KNABE PIANOS: NEW bCALE; NEW
styles. KOHLKR <fc CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st.
ftlt;- RODGERS' CABINET GRAND
«Jp±^-«J.Kranken:bargalnsHOßNUNG.2l6POBt
•VTEARLY NEW BABY GRAND STLINWAY;
iy great bargain. 1021 Van Ness aye.
BARE CHANCE; GOUD UPRIGHT CHEAP.
It SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hlberniaßank
AT bHh,KJI4\ CLAY <fe CO. '.-> ONLY »> JJLL
you h'nd a stock ot new ste:nwav pianos.
\V U. BADOJCft. SOi.E A "KN Tiu it HALLEX
*' .<£ Davis ami Francis Bacon piano*. 415 >&cvx
BYKOX MALZY. ciJV V<iaV bl.-.^UMiii,
JJ Newby <£ Kvanj. Jirjs^s an.l o:ner pianos.
SUPERIOP. VIOLINS. ZITHhKS, OLD «t NKW
k ii. MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 i h-.ii.im piaca.
UEDICAL
ALL CASES OF MONTHLY STJPPKESWION
tfrom whatever causa) restore>t in a iew
; hours: safe and sure at any time: Instant relief foe
travelers; home in confinement; best care and
j-rlvacy; regular physician; 30 years' successful
practice: my celebrated remedies for monthly
i tuppression never fall: every case guaranteed:oou-
' euitatiou tree, conliden .lal; hours 10 to 5: pill*sL
! MRS. DR. WYKTH. 916 Pos: 3L. near Larkla
R. J. H. JO>&ELYN, THE GREAT SPECIAL-
is:, still offers bis valuable services to the uu-
i lcrtuaate. Witii a mind ma ured a:id enriched by
1 studies of an advanced order, there is hardly a
disease in the catalogue of human ills be cannot
' treat to a perfect cure. Ladies, he Is always realy
, to assist you. His knowledge has teen strength-
ened by extensive experience. No case peculiar
; to your delicate organism Is beyond his sure con-
troi. His female monthly remedies are sure and
, rhfe In tLeir iff -cm. His tried and valuable reme-
-1 dies for lost manhood are never-failing in their
action, and are warranted for both youn 4 and old.
: He excels all others in the cure of private diseases.
! Over 60 years ot practice enables him to warrant
a cure la all cases. ConauiLa'.ion parlors, aud
■ Market st. Call or w rite direct to you M*.r*ei »:.,
room.* 11 and 12.
PRUCtSS THAI IS I'fc.KFfc.v/IXY jtlAKJl-
less; never falls in any case of monthly sick-
-1 cess, no m otter what cause; no electricity hum-
Dug or other dangerous methods: money in every
case refunded if a cure is not effected: travelers
helped immediately; years' experience: home In
\ confinement with sanitarian cor.venienca Con-
: sult free the culy reliable physicians, DR. AND
1 MRS. DA VIKs, 14 McAlllsier sL. next Hlbemla
! Bank: hours, 9 a. m. to 5 and 7 to 8 v . *.
A LL LADIES USE
KENARD REGULATING WAFERS.
An Infallible cure. For further particulars rail
ior send 2c stamp to Pacifl" Coast Agency,
I KSNARH MEDICAL CO., 323 Sprtckels build-
! ing, 927 Market st., S. F., Cal.
PROCESS THAT NEVER AILS TO RK,
store every case of monthly sickness lrom
! whatever cause In a few hours when uiidlcmes
' and others have failed; no instruments used;
! many years' experience; every case guaranteed;
: advice free; terms reasonable: first-class privaie
I home for confinement. MRS. DR. DALEY, il2d
M&rket st., over the Owl Drugstore.
* XiW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE OR IN-
i J\. strumeiit used: every woman her own physl-
' cian for all female troubles, no matter from what
I cause: restores always in one day; can be xeut
1 and used a: home: positive cure; genuine new
1 process can only be had at my office: auv other is
1 imitation, worthless. DX. POPPER, 318 Kearuy.
R. FOULET'S FRENCH CAP-ULES -A
guaranteed -absolute cure for all female dis-
eases (no matter what cau*e): positively safe and
sure; do danger or after effects; iak-n in time It
also ac s as a preventive; price $1 50 per box;
gent free by mail on receipt of price. WALLER
BROS.. 33 Grant aye. ■■ '
DR. AND MRS. GENER. 526 EDDY BT. :
private home; every comfort: separate rooms
before and a urine; confinement; female complaints
skillfully treated; regniar physician: quick relief
for travelers; best care; terms moderate: babies
adopted in good families; consultation tree: Mils $4
DRSI GOODWIN SPECIALISTS. LADIES
near or far; safe, quick cure guaranteed, any
disease cr complaint: iiome for patients: best skill,
tree diagnosis: low fees: self-cure. 401 Van Ness
T ADIES. CHICH ESTER'S ENGLISH !
XJ royal Fills (Diamond Brand) are best; safe, re-
liable"; take no other. bend 4c stamps, for partlcn- !
iars, "Relier ior Ladies." in letter by return mail: <
•t druggist's. Chichester cnern. Co.. Philadelphia
A. LPEAU I RKNCH PILLS— A EOON TOLA-
J\. dies with female troubles; nodauger; safe and
■nre; $2 60express C. O. D.; don't delay until too
late. OSGOOD BRO-.. Coast Agents. Oakland;C<il.
feURK CURE >OK ALL FF.MAI.b Dls7
eases from whatever c:ius»; I a home la . con-
finement witb every comfort; sntisfactlou guar-
anteed by MRS. GWYER. 226 Tur.c at.
* LL FEMALE COMPLAINTS AND. DIS-
JT\- eases of the eye permanently rured at MRS.
DR. SCOTT 410 Geary st : consultation free.
U PRAE's FE"MALK KKGULATINU PILLS:
safe ond efficient emmenacogue: $1 per box.
RICHARDS <£ CO., drutgisn, 406 Clay stMSOleagtS,
N.^KPAtSED REMEDIES FOR FEMALE
J troubles, diseases. MRS.DR. PL T ETZ,2S4i/ 4tu. I
I .H. HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET, Si-.Au |
1 ' Jones. Diseases ot wumea and children.
BICYCLES. ;V
"OR SALE-HIGH GRADE '96 WHEEL; Air
moß'. new: $30. 2824 Howard st.
rpAKDEMS, "96" PATTEKN, GOOD AS NEW,
1 $70 and upward: : bargains in second -
wheels. Golden Ku c Bazaar cycle department,
26 Gt-ary st. ■; . . . • • . ; ■ " . - •''•■■. ;
;» PBOFKSSIONAI. CAKDS.
E. KICHARDSI UWuI'FJCJSS. ROOM*
(i ■ w «od 27, Crocker lauiaut*; Mtltrvuuu* u*M
V 5, ttat if'rancisi:o, C*t, ; ■' ■ ;vH> •
- PEKSOSALS. "
CLOAKS AND TAILOR-MADE SUITS RE-
lailed at wholesale llgures. 20 Sansome st ,
upsuirj. •>'•<'. • ' '
MASSAGE TREATMENT -GIVKN BY MRS.
EMMA ROSK, formerly at the Hammam
Baths; hours 9to 9. 17 1-ounh st., room 1.
MMK.VIOLB.T CHESTER, FORMERLY OF
223 Post st., removed to 17 Grant ay., room 1.
p AL. HYPNOTIC INSTITUTE,] 546 hKET:
\J hypnotism taught; $5; diseases & habits cured.
AG CARPETS WOVE TOORDI.R AND FOR
Xl> sale: also chenille-wove -rugs, silk portieres:
dealer iv carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW, 709 Fifth st., Oakland.
I >IOOD TROUBLEa
I > Rheumatism permanently cured by short treat-
ment at DX. SMITH'S ELriCTRO-MA<JN'KTIO
BATHS; try them and be hea'ed: sure cure; con-
sultations free, 1t03,6 to 8 M.;. (Sundays 10 to
12; hygenic board: sunny rooms. 1533 Buchanan.
DVICE FKKK: DIVORCE LAW- A SPKC-
inlty. private; no lee without Encces.s; pro-
bale, - insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale'
damages, etc. ; private detectives: estab. 10 years.
G.W.HOWE, at.y-at-!a\v. fcso cor.Stockia
MME. HOLLAND HAS RETURNED AND
located par. or 1, 223 Post St.; palmist.
HAIR OR SCALP TROUBLES? USE 'QUINO-
nIa" Hair Tonic, 35c bottle. G..LEDEKER,
111 Stotkton st.
MISS PEARL HARRISON. FORMKRi.Y 223
Fost St., removed to 12jy 3 Geary, room 2.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIRS REMOVED BY
O ele.-iroiysls. MR. DX WJsLCH, 2115 bush.
UITS TO ORDER ON INSTALLMENTS: $1
a week. N. Y. Tailoring Co., 115 Kearny. npstairs
T>HEUMATISM CURED OR MONEY RE-
-Tv funded; pjor treated free. 305 Kddy St.
HHUF.-CHMIDT, SANITARY PLUMBER,
. gasiitter. 623 oolden uateav. Tel. butter 471.
MME. V RTLK POT IER REMOVED FROM
1362 Market st. to 33 Sixth, room 17.
DIVORCE AND ANNULMENT (IF MAR-
1> riage; legal everywhere: terms and payments
obliging. Address iocibox F, 1538 Market St.,
San Frnnciaco, Cal.
QPECIAL AND LAST CLASS OF SEASON IS
0 hairdressing and maiucuiiug begins Monday,
April 2ti: half rates given. Up-To-Date Parior-,
1026 Market st.. over The Wonder. Tel. Mint 1595
1 \RUNKENNESS- CURES GUARANTEED.
XJ Gold Cure, Sacramento, Cal. ; 26 Page St., 8. F.
\ RK YOU SATJSFItt' WlXfcl YOUR HAlR-
■t* dresser? Have you tried L^erer? My nair-
dressin^ costs only 25c for any siy!e (only one
rice), and is easily the best In town; swi.chea
run from $1 to $3; bleaching roots of hair, 50c;
restoring gray or bleached hair, from $1 5j to $5.
G. LEDERER, 111 SIOCKtOn SU
T^ACIAL BLEMISHES, WRINKLES, SMALL-
J ' pox pittinES and superfluous hair removed by
latest discovery; sunken eyes and cheeks filled
out; ialdn.ss cured. MRS. E. KING, 6^4 Sutler.
VINE BLACK SUIT; $12 50. MISFIT CLOi'H-
-T ing parlors. 513 Moutgomer/ st.
IAAA BUSINESS CARDS PRINTED, $150;
IUUU weading work. HILL, 22V Geary St.
HOME, A FRIEND AND MOTHER'S CARE.
MRS. JJR. Ft'NKE. 1410 Klgtath st.. A lamed*
! fTRY US ON YOUR NEXT SUIT: MODERN
i J. tailoring; lowes: prices. 216 Kearny, upstairs.
USEPH GKEVE.x'S OPERA SCHOOL FUR-
nlslies solos, duets, quartets or entire opera acts
for the proiessional age, auo for oratorio, concert
or church as well, on (shortest notice. Murphy
building, Market and Jones, rooms lil and I^2.
RELIABLE AND KFFICIENT DKTECTIVE
JA service. Ri.oms 19. 20 and 21, Chronicle bldg.
I IG OUTDOOR STKRKOPTICON SHOW EVE-
-1 ' ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts.; artistic ad-
vertisements In Jiving ligbt; promoters of bun-
| ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market st.
, I>ARTINGTON"I SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
1 1 and Newspaper Illustration: particulars 11a to
term 3. e:c 4'_'4 Pine su: llluatrauoui :umi*ii«a
lor magazines, newspapers, etc.
■|>UPTURK A-M> PILES CUKED; JSO PAY
li nntll cored: nend for book. DR3. JUA'4
l-.L.U & RFIKLD «3S Marke: .;./;
LKCTRIU LIGHTS IN EVK±tY ROOM:
Winchester House. 44 Third su, nr. Market;
100 rooms, 25s to $1 to per night: $1 50 to $6 par
week; iree bus and baggage to and from the terry.
* WEEK'S NEWS FOII 6 CENTS — TUB
<r\- WEEKLY CALL. In wrarjr>er. for mailiao-.
DRKSSMAKEKS.
DRESSKs $2 IP; CAPES $1 UP; WRAP
pers 50c up 431 Minna st.
CLAIKVOTASTS.
W vat is your vocation?
1 >» HAVE YOU I'KOSPERED?
WHAT ARE YOUK HOPKS?
Mrs DR. F. CLARK will lift the dark veil of
j your future life: she gives you valuab.e ADVICE
j and AID in all affairs of life, of private us well as
; of business nature as, for instance, pertaining to
Love, ilutrinoony, Friendship, Business, Law-tuits,
Contested Wills, Divorce. Damage Suits. Mining.
She discovers lost or stolen property, finds buried
j treasures, prevents sickness misfortune: recon-
ciles the separated, thus restoring lost happiness.
I Every person b adapted to some rarticiilar busl-
I ness proftsjion or iraae, which may Justly be term-
-1 ed thei true vocation, and yet mnre than half of
you «re fighting against an unknown fate for fame,
; lortuns nnd position which you do not and Ciumot
obialn until you fiud your true vocation. Hours. 9
to 6 daily, send stamp for circular and special
terms. MRS. DX. F. CLARK, 1206 Maiket, S. F.
MISS VAN DE VERB. CELEBRATED PaLM-
ist, trance rnfdlum; If there is anything you
wish to know, any aesire o yuurhear; ungratifiid..
consult one- whose power ties mysti tie : the most
Uteptloal; sh" not only possr-s*es tne unborn irift
of B'iul c.alrvoyancy, but studied for vearj with
masters in occu.tism, and guarantees satisfaction;
I "Napoleonic" charms m ake you infallible in love
and business. 1 Fifth St.. parlors 1, 3 and 3a.
MME. DR THOMAS. SCIENTIFIC REVEAt
er by eggs and cards: telis entire life, past.
1 present, future; consultations on all affairs; uotii-
: ing excepted; names given: good advice; sura
! help; restores lost love by sympatny; mistake Im-
; possible; teetsl: letter «J. V2K Post st., nr Larkla.
M.M K. Pu Rl ER— WON DERFU L CLAIR VOY-
iint and card-reader; boru with double veil
and second sight; dlag icses diseases, with fuil life
reading: adies 50c: gents 91 : palmistry and clxir-
; voyant airings, $1 50. 126 Turk st,, near Jones.
MMX. ARNDT, GEi MAN FORTUN K-TKLL-
er; tells past and future; gives picture future
husbund or wife; 25c up; never fails. 9j7 Harrison.
MJlr.. AIELHOUKNI . GIFTED CLaIRVOY-
ant; never fails: call and be convinced. 419
; Gear - su, room 22, second floor: 25a
ML RAV J-.NA READS LIFE FLUENTLY:
business advice; namesgiven: 25c up.s Fourth.
DX. "KINKS' BIRTHDAY PARIY SOCIAL
hail at 909 Market; all welcome; 8 p. m.
MME. SYBILLE TKLLS FROM CRADLE TO
grave; pictures given:ladies 2sc. 914 O'Farreil.
MRS. MKLVILI.E, UKLL-KNOWN CLAlR-
voyant, 51 Fifth St.: water readings specialty.
i fUKINET BATHS FOR LADIFS AND
I \J gents, AL.ICE FAY, 128 Seventh St., top fia..
MME. MOREAU, BEST FORTUInE-TKLLKR,
medium, card-reader; 25c up. 764 Howard st.
GYPSY LIFE READEH, 3 SEVENTH ST.:
Udles 25c, gents £.()■-: a 1 questions ans-.vered.
I ,
briKITUALISM.
MME. OSMAN, SPIRITUAL MEDIUM, GIVES
messages an.l adviCß on all matters pertaln-
| ing to mortal affairs. 838 Mission su
MME. YOUNG'S TEBT CIRCLE TO-NIGHT;
10c. 418 McAllister St.; convi cinq test.
I AIRS. FULTON-SLATE- WRITING SEANCE
! IVI tonight, 50c; sittings dally. 31 Fell st.
I L'RANK JiXkLaND. KLATK-WKI ING sK-
! * ance to-night 2oc: sittiugsdaily. 1063 Mission.
I \/!RS. HEN DEE ROGERS; TRANCE CIRCLE
I JJJ to-night; readings daily. 122 Taylor st.
MRS. MAYO STF.ERS, 112y 2 OAK: CIRCLES
Tuesday, 8 P. M-, Thursday, 2 p. m.; readings.
M. FRANCIS. INDEPENDENT BLATE
. writer. 118 llaight St.: hours 9 until 6p. m.
i \* RS. C. J. MEY ER— TEST CIX. 2 ANDB P M.:
M testa to all; 10j. sittings. 326 McAllister a:.
PK.MOVAL— FRED EVANS, THE SI.ATK-
It writing medium, is now located at 1122 Market.
MRS. J. J. \» HITNEY, SPIRITUAL MEDIUM,
for messages and advice. '218 s:ocktou si.
HYPHfOTISM.
HYPNOTISM CUKKS WHKN ALL ELHE
fails: a)«o tangliu Hypnotic Inst.. GO'FarrelL
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS *"OK FUBAUK-QUAR I ERM KS-
-L ter's Office, Beniciu Arsenal, eal.. May 6. 18J7.
.-ealtd proposals, in triiiicato.will be received here
nn:ii 12 M , June 4, 1897, and thwi oi.ened, for
furntshinKa B.^nici.i Arssnal. o*l., (taring fiscal
year comm> ncing July 1, 1897, such quanti 11*3 of
bran, oats and hay as may oe required ny the Q.
M. department there, V. S. res»ivcs righ 1 . to re-
ject or »ccr-pt any or all proposals, or any pan
thereof, PreferfhCH given to nniclos of dornrsuc
production, oundiltoo of price an i (juality (includ-
ing In tbe price <>t foreign productions tbe duty
thereon) being equal, and snoh prefi'ience givi n lo
artlci'-sof Au.eric»n produc.lon produced on the
lac fie (Juasi to the extent ot inn consumption
required by the pub ie service there Information
furnished on aypllc tiou. Envelopes containing
pn p .sals shoiiM be marked -Proposals for
inru.i- '- and addressed & B. BABBITT, Ord.
Dept , Q. ix.
->~~:l~t~ CITIT-KEAI/"' ESTATE.
ffi>orr;-rk 25 GLOVER ST.. NEAR JONES,
tjp— I O\J . between Broaaway and Vallejo;
ren s $38 1 par annum: net annual income
3-story uame: 3 flats: lot l'3xt>U feet. CHAULES
C. FI*H:=.R, 507 Calnomla st. 1
<S>?.(U\ 100x125 "FEET. MIXKEVA ST., N.
tjPtJUU. s-rte. 2SO feet W. of (apiol; I ail road
lioraestead Association; Ocean View. CHARLES
C. FISHER, 507 California st.
<S!. O(\r\ LOT '-'39. GIFT MAP NO. 1. W. SIDE
tZ)O\J\J. Anderson su, 75 f>et N. of Blame.
CHARLES C. KISHER, 507. California st.
<mi O(\ 50x100, RAM-ELL ST., K. SIDE
«jpj. D". near Palmetto av--., City Land Associa-
tion. CHARLES C. FJSHER, 507 California st.
niiiyrA 60x125 FEET: DOUGLASS ST.,
<T J.tiUV/. E. siae; 114 feet N. of Jith sU; street
work all done. CHARLES U FISHER. 507 Cal-
ifornia st.
SOL GETZ <fc BROTHER,
REAL, ESTATE OWNERS,
Room A, First Flour, Crocker Building.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
LOW TRICES. GRKAT BARGAINS.
mAKBS ADVANTAGE OF OUR JUDICIOUS
I purchases, get a lot cheaper ihau yoa ever will
*Ql\ f\f\ $150 TO 300: BUILDING LOTS:
1 \J\). no eradins:; near 2iis*lon-st. and San
Uateo electric cur lines; only $5 montblv.
C;'-' $100. »15U TO $B00; CHOICES LOTS
tj) 10. south of the park; uear Affiliated Col-
leges, new music sund and boulevard; only $5
and $10 monthly installments.
ffl<t>£n TO $1100: RICHMOND LOTS; ,WE
tj*_«)U can positively suit you in location, price
and terms.
Call on us first before purchasing; get map and
diagrams.
SOL. GETZ * BROTHE
Boom A, first tloor, Crocker building.
mHE 3 IIUILDINGS ON LOTS SITUATKD ON
JL ilie south si'le of Stevenson St.. beginning 135
feet west of Third and extending sixty (60) feet
westerly. Iropo^als to be made to R• ID i;RO>.,
927 M ri;et si. Pioposals to state time require
to remove bulldlncs. ~~**
\\riLL BUILD COTTAGES, HOUSES AND
II flats at lowest prices, for cash or installments,
ou your own lot, or will liirnish lot; call »nd exam-
ine plans. DAN EINSTEIN, builder, 630 Marke .
PACIFIC HEIGHTS NEW HOUSE-2420
JL Gough St., near Broadway; contaius 8 rooms
and bath: all the latest improvements: prlcj
000; on easy terms .
PKOPEKTV TO KXCHANGE.
FOR SALE OR KXCHANGE FOR CITy
property— A nice country home, with 6 rooms,
fruit trees, horse, buggy, cow, etc: suitable for a
shoematter. See owner, 16 Albion aye., nr. 15th st.
FOR SALE OR TRADE— 2O ACRES RICH
Eold-beariue, gravel; mineral patent. M. E.,
box 50, Call office.
EXCHANGE FOR CITY. OAKLAND OR ALA-
meda; will pay equal difference; 480 acres: San
Luis "bispo county: all can De cultivated; 250
acres level price J37.0. '.*-~->\ :■-■:;*;■ .•*:■;■!■;
1
SIOSEI TO tO AN.
BORROW MONEY ON YOUR WATCHES,
diamonds aud jewelry at half the interest you
pay e.sewhere. Ci'T RATE LOAN 01-FICE,
room 7, F.ood building, entrance SOU Market st.
LOANS ON FURNITURE OR PIANOS,
. In S. F., Oakland or Alameda, at lowest rates;
without removal; no lommissions; no deiays.
3. NOONAN, 11)17 to 1023 ilissiou ai.,abovo bixtU.
telephone Jessie 41.
IGHLY KESPKCTABLE AND PRIVATE
piace to obtain liberal advances nn diamonds
and jewelry of the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
b'.ore, 948 Market «t.: telephone Green 204. •
fi!4an i\(U\ AT 6 Va PER CENT ON CITY
tjPOUv/. UUU real estate; also Oakland; estatev
life Insurance, second mortgage, an y sum. Man-
hattan Loan Co., 10 Mills buildiug, ground floor.
ANY AMOUNT; IST, £D;OR 81>MOKT(4AOK-i.
estates, undivided interests, rtal estate' in pro-
bate; furniture aud pianos wltnou: reiuovau.
tIcCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery st.. room 8.
ON FURNITURE, PIANOS; WITHOUT HE-
moval iow inieresi; uo commissions. 1404
Stockton St.
WHY PAY HIGH INT. ON i-MALL LOANS?
• I We loan at 65c interest per mo. on each 810U
on 2d morlgagd: any security. Gold, box 4, Call.
<2iQ9^ nfWl Al ' HANK KATES: IST ANO
tJJ)O— O.\J\J\J 2U mortgace.l. estates, rents, etc.:
knd as iow as Ji'J. H. MUltl'ilV. tIJ-4 Market 45.
NY AMOUNT OX PIANO WITHOUT RE-
ANY .'.MOUNT ON PIANO WITHOUT RE-
moval; very low interest, 116 McAllister st.
ON *URN"ITL T Rl£; VERY LOW INTEREST:
no commlssloa SCRIHNKK. 7 City Hall aye.
LOANS ON RKAL ESTATK, BONDS. KTC:
JU lowest rates, by MCAFEE BROS., 108 Montgy.
MONEY TO LOAN ON CITY RK Alt ESTATE:
any amount. WILLIAMS, 21,4 Pine sL, r. 3.
<n«ino,ooo ON LIFr. INSURANCE POLICIES
«JplU low Interest. JOS. B. IOPLITZ, 33J Plue.
Q.CA TO f60,000; LOWEST RATE; IST <fe 2D
«J)t)l/ n:orts. : any proposition. Dryden, Mont
ANY SUM, I>iT OR 2ND MORTGAGES. ES-
tat<>s in probate, e:c. Km. 7. 508 California, st.
MONK! WANTED.
ANTED —TO LOAN, $2500 FROM PRI-
TT avta pa-tyatBper cent, on property in Santa
Cruz worth $h"io<). Address A. S., box 71, Call.
DENTISTS.
VAN VRuOM. & CO.'B KLECTRO- DENTaL
Pailors, 997 Market at. : lady attendant; no gas
or 01 her dangerous nsesthetici given; electric. ty
the gr>*at agent used to relieve paiu; teeth filled
ana extracted pmnlessly by our new electrxal
process: a written guaram«e given with all work
done: lowest prices: best work; all surgical work
attended by U. W. Williamson, M.D., physician
and surgeon: examination free by the use of our
new electrical appliances: porcelain and gold
crowns: bridge-wurk and teeih without plates a
specialty. Electro-Dental Parlors, 997 Market st.
\ FULL SET OF TEETH. $5; PAINLESS
J\- extraction: sco our new combination plate:
thinnest, lightest, coolest plate made; warranted
10 years: tilings. 60c; crowns, *3 50 : lady assist-
ant. CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS. 24 S.xtn.
1 fiKOOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 MAK-
\J ket, i.et. 3d and 4th; ga4S specialists: palnlesi
extrat-Jns, wiih gas, $1; p.ates, $7 up; fill, $1 up.
Oj c- hULL SET TEETH; BEssT MAKE;
tjpO. kept In repair; extracting free: fillings,soc;
crowu3, $3 st>. Pacific Deutal Parlors, If Third.
ET OF TEETH WITHOUT A PLATE. DR
H. C. Young, 1841 Polk st. .5 V,
"POSITI Vfc.LY PA IN I.ES-. EXTRACTION. DR.
X HARDINO, SUOSutter cor. Powell; U'1.ma1n5375
R. J. J. LEEK, 1126 MARKET ST.; OPEN
evenings: Sundays till noon; dentistry tau.-h.
ULTON DKMAL ASSOCIATION, BOd -iAit-
CULTON CHARLES W. DECKER. -J.AU-
ket st. 08. UHAJRI/Ka W. DECKEii.
fl» n A SET FOR TEETH- WAKKANTED A^
»T • good as can ba made: filling §1. DX felMit*
dentist, 930 Market at., next Baldwin Theater.
"I LUDLUJi HILL, 1443 M.AKKET ST., NX,
XJ Eleventh; no charga lor extracting whaa
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
leeta from $8 per eet: extracting 5Uc; gas given.
itTuKOitUli; W. LEEK. THK UENUINS
Xf Leek dentist, discoverer of painlaes extractloa
and patentee of Unproved bridge woric ot ta«UB
Wltaeut any plate, moved from tt to 'M uf Farrallac.
IZ WUKK REASONABLE AXU WAit
ranted. DR. J. W. KEY. 1320 Market v.
I LEGAL. . NOTICES.
ATOTICK TO CREDITORS— OF JOHN
11 SCHWETSCH* U, deceased. Notice is here-
by given by the undersigned, A. C. FREKSK, ad-
ministfiiior cf th- •state of juliS SCHWET-
I BCHEK, deceased, to the credltcri of, and all per-
I sons having claims against, the said deceased, to
! exhibit them wiih tbe necessary vouchers within
| lour months af er the first publication of this
I notire to the said adminls ratorat room 35, Chron-
! icle butldin;;. corner of Geary and Keainy sts., the
same beini; nis place tor the transaction of the
Lusiness of the said estate in th» city and county of
San Francisco, state of California.
I A. C. FRI-ESi . Adminls ra or of the Estate of
JOHN SCHWETSCHER, deceased.
' Dat»d at San Francisco, April 6, 1897.
J. D. SULLIVAN, Attorney for Administrator
ITY AND COUNTY TREASURY, SAN
CIITV AND April 15 . 1897.— 1n compliance
) Francisco, April 15. 1887.— 1u coiuplianre
with the provisions of section 5 of order 1598 of
the Boar . oi Supervisors, approved September 15,
lbBo, there will be sold at public auction by E. S.
Spear <& Co., at their salesrooms, Hi and 33 Suttcr
itreet, on
MONDAY, MAY 17. .
At 10 o'clock a. m. sundry articles cf stolen. lost
and unclaimed property recovered by the police
i force of San Francisco, r s detailed In an Inventory
thereof on file In the office of the Clerk of tho
Board of Supervisor*, and consisting o! jewi' ry.
wearing apparel, pi-toK knives, etc.; alsoalotof
trunks, valises, clothing, oic. property of deceased
persons received from the Corouerof this City and
County. Open for inspection on morning of sale,
■ A. C. WiDBKH,
• City and County Treasurer. •
HOTELS.
TJROOKLYN HOTEL. . 208-212 BUSH BT.,
JD board olid room $1 to fz per day. (6 to $1J
per week; choice rooms 60 cents to $1: suita
rooms for family $i to si 50 per night: ' nrst-claaa
ftCJ-Vica: tfee toacb. CHARLES MuNTGuilKlt*"
PHYSICIANS.
r. c\ oTsb^NiELTri2o?lsiA rketTres
£864 25th st,; diseases of women a specialty
tdtSTEI REAI. ESTATE.
OH ACRES: NAPA COUNTY, NEAR ST. HE-
CU lena: exce lent for viney rds, poultry, etc.,
with flowing springs; 7 acres cleared: will be sotd
cheap. Apply to W. =-OHL, 1400 Pacific st.
I OR BALK— 2O ACRKS FINE LAND, |M-
'<■ 1 proved: good colony: will take No. 1 piano first
payment. Address J. N. THOMPSON, Kern, Cal.
FIXE KOMESTKAD LOCATION; ALFALFA
JDland; underwater ditch; within few uiiles of
raUiOHd sta;ion: $176. Par.iculars 632 Market
St., room 5, >an Francisco.
GREAT BARGAIN— B3 ACKES; $35 ACRE;
VJT can be dtvtda&i deep, rich soil; 4 flowing
springs: several small improved places cheap;
Alameda Co. H. J. DIGG S, 69 Columbian blrtg.
ITTLE HOMES CLOSK TO TOWN; IM-
proveJ: eas/ terms; also 4 to 12-acre pieces
on 8 and 10 years' credit. D. H. TWI.Svj.Bo-
-noma city; every JuonJsy »t 63 Market St., Sj. F
OXOMA COUNTY: LITTLK HOM A SPE-
cialty. A. H. CHESSMORE, real estate agunt,
bonoma, Cal.
ffiJ4r»TOsB(): MARIN CO. IMPROVED AND
't V unimproved laud: terms o suit; fruit, grain,
vegetables: rail and water. R. 65. Chronicle bidg.
<D» - AN ACRE: 1281) ACREo TIMBER; GOOD
iJPO for stock or fruit; i>lenty water. S., box 40.
AvV'E^KS NEWS FOR 5 CENTS—
A WKEELY CALL. In wrapaer. for mailing.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND KEAI. ESTATE.
ffl«99ArV NEW COTTAGE; 4 ROOMS AND
tlp.fc<^-wv/. bath; n«ar station; easy terms.
$2850— New cottage; 6 rooms aud bath; iflSO
cash, $30 moathiy.
ARCUSE <S RKMMELL, Pay-st. station
(broad gauge), Aiameda. . 628 Market St., San
Francisco. Open Sundays and holidays.
<£• - CASH, $5 MONTHLY— LOTS $75 AND
«Jp«' upward; out of 33-acrs Allendale Tract, East
Oakland, but 72 lots unsold; will tuil.l you 3. 4
and 5 room cotta.e (modern) from $300 io $900, I
iiiCindin • lot: piiymeut as rent; site, climate a:id
soil superb: 3 e;ectric roads and fine school near:
conveyance free. 459 .Mnth st., bet. Broadway
and \v ashington, Oakland. H. Z. JOKEs, Owner.
C-'-P,n WILL BUY A BEAUTIFUL LOT
•4P.« OV near s:a ion; thrifty neighborhood: this
isabarcalu: don't fail to see it: small isii pay-
ment: houses built on installment plan to stilt
purchaser. BASSETT BKOS., Fruitvale Station.
MUST SELL— LOT 1:23x171, NEAR LAKE
I>l Merritt; good location; $900. Particulars
632 Market St., room 5. \
2-sTOhY KOaDHdUSG IN GOOD CONDI-
*t tion, with several rooms, bedroom, barro im,
large dining-room, nicely furnished: nice garden,
summer-houses; Kood loculon for hotel or sum-
j mer resort. Apply Call Office.
<J> I l\(\ EACH. 4 LOTS MKLKOSE STATION
I UU Tract: streetcars and local trains; only
$1 down and f1 a week. 1L B. PINNEY, 902
Bioadwav, Oakland.
GET A CHOICE, HEALTHFUL HOME SITE
while prices are low. lots $100 to $150 at
Fitcbburg. beyond Fruitvale; the best property
for investment now offered; local trains and
electric cars: 10 minutes to Oakland and 40 to
San Francisco; splendid climate, out of damp
belt: soil excellent tor gardening; very best water
facilities; good school; terms to suit. Before buy-
lug in this locality see the owner of this property,
C. M. hUNKLE. i)l5Vi« Washington si., upstairs,
room 28. Oakland. Cal.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
CJ9' TO RENT; FURNISHKD COTTAGE 5
<3p O. rooms anl bath: lot 75x200: irui; and
flowers: near electrx-cars, etc. 1321 Twenty-
sixth aye., Fruitvale. hast Oakland
OAKLAND FURNISHED ROOMS.
ARGE SI'NN'Y RO MS; GALINDO HOTEL,
Xi Oakland: board optionnl. Bth St.. off Broadway.
ALAMEDA ADVERIUNfS
.«T,A>Tim V i'liAL r«TATf,.
EXCELLENT OPPORTUNITY FOR MALOON,
J-J in manufacturing town of Newark. Alameda
County, Cal.; new building; rent reasonable;
license lov.'. Apply J. H. NOBMANN, 1727
Broadway, Alameda.
IJM.nE PIECE OF PROPERTY FOR BALK AT
X a barcain: whole or In sub visions: 169 feet
frontage: 2 corners; 1 corner Improved: on elec-
tric-car line; convenient to 2 railioad stations.
T. F. BAIRD, Keal Estate Agent, 1303 Parksu,
Aiameda. ■ ■"''' -.•••■ ,
AIAMEDA KOOMS AND HOUSES.
I^URNISHED HOUSE OF EIGHT ROOMS
JT for June aadJnly: marine view: nominal rent:
referei Apply to THOMAS J. DAVIS, 623
.Muriift st.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
rtU.)O,T/\ A NEW AND MODERN 7-ROOM
<|P — £O\J. colonial-style home; j.isb fi isaed;
electrio and gas fixtures; coved ceilings; porce-
lain bath; open-Wi/rK plumbing: fine mantel: lot
40x122; electric-cars pass door; 1 block from
Berkeley local station; this price includes grad-
iuc, macadamizing and sewer, etc. Can be hud
on terms to suit purchaser. Apply Immediately
to owner, A. J. S.N'YDIiK, 467 Ninth st., Oakland.
SACRIFICE-MODERN 7-ROOM COTTAGE;
O 1 block of Asnby station; only $1601). M. L.
WURTS, opp. Dwlstht-way «at|. v. Berkeley.
ATTORNEYS- AT-L
ADVICK FREE: DIVOKCE LAWS A BPEC-
ialty : private; no fee without success: riro>»ts,
insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale, deeds,
damages, etc.; private detectives: estab. 10 years.
G. W. HOWE. 850 >i arket St.. coruer Stockton st.
KW. KING. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW, CHRON
. lcle building: advice free: lowfe-s: all caaej
JIAKKIAGK LICJi.Na^J.
The following marriage licenses have been
Issued by the County Clerk's office:
William H. Malt ana Madeline Lapslev, 27—24.
Bruce s. Garrison ani Mary E. Bell. 36—30.
Will am Warren anl Hel -i Muriock. 53-42.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES—
[Birth, tnartia<re and death notices sent br m&ll
will not le Inserted. Tiiey must ba handed in %i
either of lha publication oltices and ba ndoraal
with the name and residence of penoai aaihorizaJ
io have the same puolioheX J
BOKN.
DOWD-May 4, 1897, to the wife of V. F. Dowd.
a son.
HEENAN— In thsrlty, May 6, 1897, to ths wife
of *i C Heenan, a daughter.
NICHOLL?— In this city. May 5, 1597, to the
wife of George O. Nicholls, a son.
PIPER— In thii city. April 1897, to the wife
of Harry Piper, a daughter. .&' '
TERItY- April 28, 1897, to the wife of A. F. M.
lvrry, a daughter. . .
MAKKIEO.
MAIT-LAP=LEY— In this city, Way 6, 1837. by
Judgs G. W. F. Cook, William H. Malt of Oak-
land and Madeline C:t.ap<lev of San Francisco.
::.nv" -•._.' DIED. . ■.
Ahem, Birtholpmew. Ueath. Thomas J.
BecKwlth, Frank R Heenan. Mtmle
Benjamin. William K. Hogan, Michael
Benz, FrederiKze Hyde. Helen . ,
Bloomin^ton, Adolpa H--nes, Bridget
Brodorlck, John 1. Kohn, Joseph K.
■J. Brown. William W. Llguori. homas F.
Cole, Captain Ueorga M. Meyer, Albert G.
Darrow, Lelia A. bchultheUs. Charles J.
Donald (Infant) :-m th, John L.
Epstein. Edgar 'laylor, Hon. Clay W.
Feete, May Vahey, Michael J.
AHERX— In this city. Jlay 4. 1897, Bartholomew
Ahem. beloved brother of Roger, William and
Ar hur Ahem and Mrs. Mary Finn of San Fran-
cisco and Patrick Ahem of Oakland, a native or
. County Cork, Ireland.
. 49~Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend :he funeral THIS UAV
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock a.m.. from tha resi-
deucaof his sister, Ma Mary Finu, 2525 Nine-
teenth s.raei. between Potrero avenue and
Hampshire s.reet, thence to St. Cuarles Borro-
meo Church, whera a rea.uiom high mass
will :be celebrated for tha repoia o: bis soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock a. h. , Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
BECKWITH-In this city, May 5, 1897. Frank
Jlyer, beloved son o? Charles M. and Catherine
R. Beckwlth, a native of San FrancUco, a;dd ' 5
years 1 uon.hacd 14 days. . ■
BENJAMIN-ln thli*r|i». May 5. 1897. at his
residence. 2UOB Pine street. William Kibbe Ban-
]:.unin. father of Mrs. D. N. Place and O. C. B-n-
-jamin. a native of East Broomileld, N. V., aged
78 years 10 inontiis and 17 day*. [New York
papers please copy.j - .' :
BS" Friends and acquaintances oJ deceased ara
re>i'«-ctiuliy invited to attend the fuieral
SATURDAY. May 8. 1597. a 2 o'clock p. v..
from St. Paul's Church. California street, near
- Steiner. Interment private, 1. O. O. F. Ceme-
tervr. Please omit flowers., ..
BENZ— In East Oakland. Mar 4, 1537. Fr;<»er-
ikz3 Benz, sister of Mrs. Caroline Rodsers, Dr.
Montoux and William E. and Emll -W. ->lou-
toux, a nat.ve »r : Frankenberg, Uermany, a^ei
. CO vt-ars 1 month and 27 days. < ; ,-..•
Friends and acquaintances ara respect-
ful I v invited to attend the funeral TO-MORKOvV
■ (Friday), »* 9:SO ■ o'clock a. m.. from the resi-
dence of Mrs. Caroline , liodgera. lltil Kus Fif-
teenth street, Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery,
' Saa . Francisco. J " .
BLOOMINGTOX— In thii Cltv and County Hospl-
-• tal. May 5, 1897, Adolph • Bloomlngton, aged 50
years.
FUNERAMIOTECE.
OrriCE of TEE Grand SECBETABY.")
ok and i.odBe, f. axii a. m., of >
Caufobnia. .• )
The Grand Lodge of Free and Accepted Masons
of the State of California will hold a special com-
munication in King Solomon's Hall, at the Ma-
sonic Temple, in this City, on THURSDAY, the
6th inst., at 2 o'clock p. M., for the purpose of con-
ducting the funeral of our late esteemed and be-
loved brother, the
ML. W.\ CLAY WEBSTER TAYLOR,
Past Grand Blaster of the Jurisdiction.
The Grand CBicers, Past Grand Officers and
members thereof, and the officers and rr.embersof
the several Lodges in this Jurisdiction are hereby
notified and requested to be in attendance.
By direction of the Grand Master.
GEO. JOHNSON,' [
Grand Secretary.
r^^^^HW^HBWfr^tiffflßiiiifrißnitfKiin(BPTSil
TAYLOR— In this city. May 1, 1897. Hon. Clay*
* Webster Taylor, beloved husbandof Viola Tay
lor. father of Atibv ana Kayard Taylor, and
brother of Fred Taylor, ana ive of MiJhi, r uti,
aged S'J years 7 months and 20 days.
KF-Funi-ral THIS DAY (Thursday), at
2 o clock p. it, from Ma.o.-.i- Teiaple, corner
Post ami Moateomery strf»ts, under tne auspices
of the Grand Lodge of California. F. ani A. M.
Intermen; Cvpresj Lawn Cemetery, by special
cars leaving Third and Townsend streets at 4:30
o'clock p. h.
BHODKP.ICK- In this city, Mar 5, 1897, at his
residence. 911 Hryaut street, John T. Broderlck,
loving father of John T. Brodericic .Ir., and
dearly beloved uephew of .Mrs. homas Tipr-
ney, a native of Newhury port, Mass., aged 38
years and 4 days. [New bury port (Mass.) pa-
pers please copy.j
£3"NOLiceof funeral herearta-
BROWN-In this city. May 4. 1897. William W.
Brown, a well-known m»rchrnt of Llvermore,
Cal., a natlv» or Indiana, aged 50 year* 11
months and 17 days.
Friends and- acquaintance* ar=> respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 2 o'clock p. St., from the Pr»sbvte-
ri.*n Chnrch, LivHrmore. interment Masonic
Cemetery, Livermore.
COLE— this city. May 5, 1897. Captain George
M.. husband or tsophle R. Cole, and father of
Mri. Frank Dalton and Charles M. and Clar ; M.
I Co c, a native of Vermont, aged 70 years 5
j months and 13 days. . -;'--
DARROW— In Oakland. May 4. 1897. Lelia A.,
beloved daughter of Mrs. M. E. Darrow, and
sister or John W. and Ben Darrow, a native of
Healdsburg. Cal., aged 29 years aud 6 months.
Friends and acqiiHliuanc^s are I usu«0"
fcliy Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 2:. 0 o'clock p. m.. from the par-
lors of the First Presbyterian Church, corner
Fourteenth and Franklin streets. - Interment
Mountain View Cemetery.
DONALD— In this city, May 4, 1897, infant son of
George and Tlliie L'onald, a native of Saa Fran-
cisco, aned 4 days.
EPSTEIN— In this city. May 4. 1897. F.dear. be-
lovel son of Henry and Jennie Epstein, and
brother of Kl?a, O!«aaiid Milton Epstein, a na-
tive of San Francisco aged 7 years.
j£3"Frlends an 1 acaualntances are resDsct-
fully invited to attend tha funaral THIS D.\V
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock a. \i.. from the resi-
dence of Mrs. F. Mandelbaum. 2202 Jackson
street. Interment Home of Peace Cemetery,
by 11:30 o'clock a. 3t. traiu from Thiru and
Townsand streets.
FEETE— Ia this city. May 4, 1597, May Feete.
a native oi California, aged 1H years 7 months
ani 9 days.
HEATH— thi3 city. May 4. 1597. Thomas J.,
beloved husband of Jennie Heath, fattier of
George, Maoel aad Marcella Heath, and brother-
in-law of Harri -i Johuson, a native of Virginia,
agei 41 years 8 months and 27 days. .... . ;
43" Friends and acquaintances are resnac;-
fuliv Invited to attend tie funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock r. n., from his lata
re-tiuericn, 373 >anciei slr<*tH, tbenca io St.
John's Episcopal Churca. Hit'-enth street, noar
Valencia, servicss to commence at 2 o'clock
p.u. Interment I. ij. O. F. Cemetery. Please
omit flowers.
Ei-ENAN— In this city, May 1897, Mam!e, tu-
far;t daughter of Steve C. and Mamie Hsenan.
HOGAN-In this city. May 5, 1897. Mlc.iael. be-
loved son of the late William and Margarn
Hogan. and brother of Patrick J. Hogan, Mrs.
MiLiiael Gleasoa. lonn Hogan, Mrs. William
• O'Br.en and Thomai. William, Dennis aud Mar-
tin C. Hogan, a ua'ive of Palace More, near
Nenagh. County TipDerary, Ireland, aged 61
year< 2 months and 5 days.
JO~i:rieu(l3 and acaualntances are respec'-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORKOW
(Friday), at 2 o'clock p. it., from the resldenea
of his brother, Martin C. liogan, 206 Fourteenth
street, thence to tha Church of St. Charl-a Bor-
romeo, Eighteenth and bhotwell streets, for
services. Interment Monnt Calvary Cemetery.
HTDK-In B8nlc;a, May 4, 1897, Helen Hyde,
a native of California.
HYNES— In this city, May 5. 1897. Bridget, be-
loved wile of Fnomas Hynes, mother of Patrkflc.
Jonn, James,- Andrew, Tbomus and Peter
Hynes. slater of Mrs. Mary Burke, mid aunt of
Miss Miry Ford, a native of the parish of Bur-
rlns, County Clare, Ireland, aged 61 years.
£9"Friend3 and acquaintances are r9ipec;-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORKOW
(Friday), at 8:45 o'clock a. sr., from her late
residence, 350 Fremont street, near Harrison,
thf to St. Br<*n la i's Church, wiiere a solemn,
requiem mass wi.l be celebrated for the repoie of
her soul, commencing tt 9 o'clock a. m. In-
terment Holy Crass Cumetery.
KOIIN— In thiscitr, May 4. 1897, Joseph 3. Kohn,
a native of Uermanv. ajred 67 years.
j^TFriends and acquaintances and members of
the r-iempt Firemen.' a sj funeral committee
of I O. O. F. Rlief, are respect invited to
attend the funeral THIS DAY (Thursday), at
10:50 o'clock a. Jf.. from the undertaking par-
lors o: James Ilaea i. 445 Valeaela . street.
Interment Home of Peace i.emetery.
LIOUORI— In Mount Bdeo, May 4. 1897, Thomas
Fruncis Llguorl, a nntive of Mou.it Eden, Ala-
meda County, aged 23 years 11 months and 26
cays :
Friends and acquaintance* ara rest>act-
fully invited to attend the funeral Trflsi DAY
(Thursday), from his late residence in Mount
Kden. thence to the Catholic Church In Hay-
wards, where a solemn' requ:cm m,-u mas:
will be celebrated for the repose of ins soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock a. v. interment
In atholic Cemetery, Hay wards..
MEYER— In thU city. May 4. 1«97, Alhert G.,
beloved son ot Albert and Julia Meyer, and
brother o: .Mr*. D. W. Geary, a native of San
Fmncisco. aged 2d years 3 months an'l 15 days.
£s" Friends and acquaintances ar > respect-
fully invited to a:teud ia« funeral THI3 L>\ \
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the resi-
lifi.i-f <>: his parents, 1889 Howard stree:. near
ilie;nth. Interment 1. O.O. f. cemetery.
SCHT'LTHEIS-— ln Alametla. May 3, 1897,
diaries J.. belovei husband of Nellie Schult-
heis-i. and ia:h-r oi' Knymon^ f-chultheias, a na-
tive of Uermany, aged -_'v yeais 11 raoutii-i aai
13dnys. ?^ -; ■'•■.,■...' '/ : ' - ; .',' '•■<
J^y Friends are respectfully Invited to a'wnd
the fiineral services THIS DAY (Thursday),
at ll:yO u'clock a m.. at nis lHte rest lence.-1419
Ninth street, Alameda. Interment private.
SMITH— in Ukiau. May 2. 3897. John L. Smith,
a nativa of New York, aged 10 years b months
and 11 days.
VAHEY— In this city. May 5, 1897. Michael Jo-
seph, dearly beloved sou of Patrick and.Han-
nau Vahey. and brother of John, Thomas. Pat-
rick, Martin and William Vahey, a native of
bau Francisco, aged 20 years 7 months and &
days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
folly invited toatend the funeral TO-MORKOW
(Friday), at 9:15 o'ciock a. m.. from his late
residence, 1805 Montgomery street, between
Ureeuwich ani Lombard, t:ienc» to St. Francis
Church, where a soinn>: requiem hijfh mas»
will be celebrated for tne repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock a. it. suarp. Intermen:
Mouuc Calvary Cemetery.
ST. DOMINIC'S CHURCH BUILDING ASSO-
elation — Tne regular monthly requiem high
mass for the deceased members of the abova
association, and for the deceased parents and
relatives of the members, will be celebrated in
St. Dominic's Church. Bu3h and Sterner streets,
THIS DAY (Tii rsday), at 9 o'clock A. M.
Friends are invited to attend. ■
WIcAVOY & GALLAGHER, |
FUNKRAL DIEECTORS & EMBALMKRS,
20 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoin School.
Telephone South 80. ;.
• NOTICE.— THE BVBIHKBS OF McAVOV
& GALLAt-H R will be conducted at tha
old atand. No. 20 Fifth street, for the Lenehs
cf the widow of the late Hl-.NIiY J. GALLAU-
HJEK and his sisier, MISS ANNIE B. C.ALLAG-
Hiiß. K.S. H. J. GAi.LAGHEK.
.;,. • , ANNIE B. GALLAGHER.
■^ *~ . * * ■ ' ■
-AB "jAaSs M McMENOMi:i: jss son. X.
riAJihS McMENOMKI & SON.
IUNUJt-KXAKKKS AND t.MItALAIEUS.
lUoi Mxit»lon Street, Near aovtiutu.
IXUoi ALisslon Street, Sear Sevouai.
lelepUuna miuiii ;554.
LAUREL HILL
CEMETERY ASSOCIATION . .
IS PREPARED TO CONTINUE THE SALB
of buria; p.ats and graves in Its cemetery anJ
give deeds. ■ •
Perpetual care of lots will oe arranged for at th»
Snperintendent's olhce at (he cemwery,' i-,ornj«
Bush street and Central avenue,' tM<n Francisco.
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN MATEO ; COUNTY: NEAREST CEMB.
tery to the city; non-sectarian : in no sense ex-
clusive: location . unexcelled. Omce VW/ UMiui
street, Kiiuheaat corner ot aixtu. ■-
1314
GUESTS OF
PRESIDENT
HUNTINGTON
The Railroad Magnate in
the Role of Host at
His Home.
COVERS SET FOR ABOUT
SIX SCORE.
One of the Most Elaborate j
Affairs Ever Seen in
San Francisco.
DECORATIONS OF A TASTEFUL
CHARACTER.
Spaeches and Music CLarm Away
the Hoars Until LoDg After
Midnight.
Collis P. Huntington. president of the
Southern Pacific Company, entertained
about 110 of the principal oilicers and em
vioyes of the two threat corporations with
which he is so prominently connected at
dinner last night at his residence on the
crest of Nob Hill.
It is three years since he has unbent in
this social manner. Theretofore the Hun
r.ngton dinners were a regular feature of
the magnate's annual visit to this City.
All the previous affairs were given at the
l'aiace Hotel, and partook less of a pri
vate character than the Junction of Jast
night.
In making out the list of invited guests j
great c:ire was exercised to include oniy
tentiemen who were in some capacity
connected with the Southern Pacific Com
;>.iny and its leased prop^rac, or the
JMarket- street Railway company. An
other departure from former custom was
the presence of a delegation of three
ruemoers from each of the locomotive en
gineers' and conductors' orzanizationd.
The invitations were engraved in script
type on hevel-edr.ed cards, ahout 3x4 |
inches, and read as follows:
Mr. Huntington requests the pleasure of |
company n't dinner, May 5, at half
past 7 o'clock, 1020 California street.
The euests began to arrive at the man
sion on the corner of Caliiornia and Tay
lor streets at about 0:45 f. M., in order to
pay their individual respects to Mr. Hunt
inpton before tating their seats at his
hospitable board.
The covers were set on tables arranged
in the form of a horseshoe In the art cal- I
lery, a magnificent room, twenty-two feet !
high, its walls hung with huge canvases
in handsome frames. One hundred and
forty electric lights furnished a brilliant
illumination, and elegant floral pieces set
off the ornately and richly dressed table.
Prominent among the decorations was
tne handsome siiver punch bowl, pre
sented to the host of the evening at the
last dinner by those who were present
thereat. Inscribed on it are the names of
every individual who had been invited.
Mr. Huntington is extremely proud of I
this testimonial of the friendly feelings of
the gentlemen connected with the rail
road and street railway corporations in
which he is a controlling factor. On this
occasion it was heaped full of Mme.
lestot roses, choice and beautiful pint
blossoms.
About midway on each side of the
horseshoe was a floral 3htp six feet long,
with full ringing and sails and topped
with pretty siilt flogs.
At the head of the table near where the
ho^t sat was a train of three cars, also
built of flowers, about six feet high. All
along the tables were vases of the choicest
roses grown in the State. At each guest's
plate was a dainty boutonniore. Palms
were profusely scattered about the room,
and tne floral display altogether was one
of the grandest ever seen in California.
The decorative effect of the tables was
greatly heightened by lighted yellow can
dles in handsome candeiabras with pink
shades.
The menu was all that an epicure conld
desire. It was as follows:
MENU.
Huitres.
Sudesheimtr.
POTAGE.
Consomme sevelgne.
HOBS D'CEUVBE.
Boucnee a la Belne.
POISSOK.
Terrapin a la Newburg.
ZToei <£ Chandon.
BKLKVK.
Filet ds Boeaf a la Richelieu.
New Peas. Bermuda I'oiatoes.
Sorb«t de nthe Vert*
BOTL
Golden Plover, sur Canape.
Salade a la Waldorf.
Grand yin Chateau iMflie.
FBOHAOE.
Petalama Cream and Koqaetort Cheese.
ENTKKMKNH.
Pudding Dlplomate. .Neapolitan Icecream
Petit Fonrs Assortis.
Cafe.
After due attention bad been j;iven
to tne caterer's contribution the "feast
of reason and flow of soul" began.
W. H. Mills, a pastmaster in the art of
presiding at post-prandial functions, acted
as toastmaster. and by his clever persi
fla«e added to the enjoyment of the even
ing. He was introduced by President
Keqna of the Central Pacific Railroad
Company.
The first toast was, "The Health of C.
P. Huntington." To this the host re
sponded as follows:
"Gentlemen: Again I have the sincere
3TBW TO-DAT.
• In all the world there is no other treatment
bo pure, so sweet, so safe, bo speedy, for pre-
serving, purifyiag, and beautifying the skin,
scalp, and hair, and eradicating every hu-
mor, as warm baths with Ccticura Soap,
and gentle anointings with Cuticcba. (oint-
ment), the great skin cure.
I§ (old throughout the world. Fotxib
XJzva ft Crew. Corp., Sole l'ropt., Botton.
oar " All About the Skin, Br»]p, and liiiLr," free.
ETJEKY HUMOR^SWS •S* 1 '
. .^
C P. HUNTINGTON.
\Fiom his jwrtraU, which was the frontispiece of the menu card.]
I gratification of welcoming you to my
home, and again I anticipate the enjoy
ment of listening to the kindly and fra
ternal words which have always niiirked,
and I hope may ever distinguish our so
cial reunions, although I confess that 1
am selfish in this anticipation, for 1 am
sure the pleasure is more mine than yours.
"I have added to the number of our
friends this evening some representatives
of a class without which our vocations
would be gone, and the feet of our idol,
: tne railroad, would be as of clay; for what
I could the railroad do without the men
who run the engine andthetraiu? They I
have done me the honor 10 accept my
j invitation, and on behalf of all of you, as
' well as myself, 1 extend to these gentle
j men who come to us from the engineers
' and conductors of the Southern Pacific
I Company our cordial greetings.
"We all serve the same roaster — the
public I think, indeed, that of all the
classes of labor in the world, trom the
highest to the lowest, there is no body of
j men who are more immediately the ser
vants of the ppople than we. We exist for
their convenience, and we cannot live
without them.
"At the same time, it may as justly be
1 sail that without railroad men the world
! to-day might be living in huts, and Cali
: fornia herself would have little to recom
; mend her except a glorious climate and
the illusions of a pa-toral life. Since we
I are, then, at once the servants and the
] civilizers of mankind, it would seem to be
' a plain duty, in the interest of ourselves i
as of the public, that we get closer to the |
people, acquaint ourselves with their situ
ation and their needs, and, as far as pos
| sibie within the lines of our duty to the
; company, meet their requirements.
"Ihe gentlemen who represent the con
! ductors and engineers this evening come
' closer to the people than some of the rest
of us. Their responsibilities are of the
highest order, because they concern the
lives and the safety of the traveling pub
' lie. There is no higher type of hero than
j the man at the lever, who, at the supreme
• moment of peril, faces a dreadful .ilterna
: tive and stands fast a: his post. No blare
I of trumpet, no roll of drum, no encour
j aeing shout of comrades, no passion and
1 excitement of battle, stimulate his cour
tage. With his engine plunging into the
! fire of a burning bridge, or into an abyss
i which yawns at his feet, orinto the wreck
! of other engines and trains like his own,
: he holds on because his duty bids him
i stay.
"It is not the fortune of most of you,
gentlemen, who are the administrative
officers of the railway company, to ever
I attain saintship by this heroic method,
: and 1 presume I could count on the lin
! gers of at least both hands the number of
; you present here to-night who honestly
! regret it. At the same time the duty reals
i upon us, as officers, to do our part in mm;
; imizing the risk sustained by the travel
-1 ing public, *o furas it enn be done through
' a perfect roadbed and equipment, and m
j teiligent management ot the properties,
' and in eliminating as tar as possible the
I danger to our trainmen.
"I huve many times expressed my pride
in tne personnel of the Southern Pacific
Company, and it lias been justified by the
letters I have received from travelers over
our lines, who have praised in the high
est terms the uniform courtesy of our
railway employes. It is only fair to say
to you, gentlemen, who are the oflicers
and heads of departments of the respec
tive companies, that I have no doubt the
: same thing has been written about your
■ selves, only the letters were probably
written to some other person, or else
I have for the moment forgotten
. tbem.
"iSince our last reunion the Nation has
elected a new President. For his predeces
sor I have alwuys had the greatest respect
because 1 have felt that while he was in the
chair the country was safe. He was a
strong man, believing firmly in his own
theories, but confronted by conditions
which prevented him from carrying out
those theories. Mr. McKinley is likewise
a strong man, and under his patriotic
guidance we have no fears for the ship of
state. His administration commences
under encouraging auspices and promico?,
and we all loot forward to the fulfillment
of the latter, which means so much of
substantial prosperity for the whole coun
try.
"Already we hear of mill? and factories
starting up ail over the East, in anticipa
tion of the good times, coming. Whether
realization or disappointment is in store
/or them no one can tell; but after all it
must be remembered that it is true in a
large degree that the restoration of busi
ness confidence means the actual revival
of business itself, for business is simply
the expression of people's confidence in
each other, and when that is lost business
languishes. I wish that the capitalist",
large and small, of California would re
spond freely to the countrj r 's call for con
fidence, for upon the utilization of capital
depend the progress and prosperity of the
State.
"Agriculture may be the basis of a na
tion's existence, but the vigor of its life
and of ita progress lies in its manu
factures. Travel over the world where
you will, and you will tinrt that the
greatest advances in those things which
make up material prosperity have been in
those countries where the thrift of the
people has been expended in manu
factures and the arts. Tho difference be
tween the value of a product in its crude
state and its value alter it has passed
tbroueh the hands of the artisan is very
great, and in some things so prodigious
as to astonish any one who has not re
flected upon it.
"In my shipyard at Newport News we
are building some great battle-ships,
weighing each 10,000 tons, and 1 get for
building one of them something over two
and a hall millions. I "hull not make
over 10 percent on it, whicli leaves more
than $2,250,000 to be distributed between
the labor and tho cost of the material used
in its construction. Of this fully $2,200,
--000 will be paid out to labor alone; so that,
of the vast total of two and a half millions,
1 verily believe that less than $50,000 rep
resents the cost of the iron in the mine,
the timber in the forest and the coal in its
bed before the wheels of commerce had
THE RAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 6, 1897.
brought it to market or the hand of man
had touched it.
"California is magnificent in her climate,
in which people can labor with the mini
mum of fatigue. Her soil is not only
prolific in agricultural produce, but rich
in the products of her mines and forests.
She is unsurpassed in all the primary
conditions necessary to a great future.
There is no other place in the world. I be
lieve, where people can buy what is needed
for comfortable living so cheaply as they
can here. lv her aericultural develop
ment the people of the State seem to be
doing very well, and if they continue, as 1
hope they will, the best possible will be
rpached. But there is still much to be
desired in tne direction of manufacture.
"The imports of California are much
greater than her exports, and while the
latter are of raw products, what comes to
us from outside the State consists largely
of manufactured goods. This is not as it
should be, and I would like to see Cali
fornia take her rightful place among the
States as a great manufacturing center, in
stead of accepting a t i t tie for her raw mate
rial and paying the other nine-tenths to
have it fashioned by her more skillful sis
ters into shapes and forms for the use of her
people. California needs a more varied
distribution of labor, a distribution
which shall weave the interests of her
people together and make them more de
pendent on each other's skill and handi
work, rather than on the labor of those
outride her borders.
"People are never at their be9t where
they sell their products raw and buy them
back in manufactured forms. They tell
you thai this cannot be corrected because
labor is too hi^h priced, yet wo do not
utilize the labor ws can Ret. For yean
the fiber of India was taken to Scotland,
there put into woof and in the form of
{train sacks was sent to California by the
million*, when California had the climate
ana the cheap food for the workmen, and
the only thing to make the manulacture
impracticable here was the price of labor.
If we could have had tke cheap labor of
Eastern Asia with which to do a portion of
the work tne industries created would have
given employment and support to two
Americans for ev?ry Mongolian, but ihe
Americans lost the work for the lack of
the industries which would spring up in
the development of the raw material.
This could only be done by workmen
whose average price was not much above
the rate paid by other manufacturing
countries of the world. The State must
have more industries if she is ever to be
great and prosperous — for I know of no
people who sell their raw material and
buy their manufactuied goods who ever
attained success — and the only way to
have more industries is to have Jnbor at a
price which will permit of its utilization.
"No Intelligent man questions the gen
eral benefit of our labor-savins machines,
whicn have added 90 immensely to the
prosperity and progress of our country;
yet we might as well rule them out as to
turn away the labor of the Chinese. We
Mave received very Jittle benefits from
Eastern Asia in comparison with what we
ought to have had. The commerce of
China and India have been enriching
Western Europe for many centuries and
Duiling up prcat cities all along tne line of
its march, while the west coast of Amer
ica has turned away this trade from our
doors. Large manufactories could nave
been in existence here to-day if we hail
availed ourselves of the cheap labor which
is at hand, and, as I have said, the in
dustries created by these would have sup
ported a large population of our people.
There are mouths to feed and bodies to
clothe and minds to educate and the in
dustries necessitated by these wants are
many and varied.
"I had the pleasure of beinp oresent at
the anniversary dinner of the Bohemian
Club a fortnight ago, and witnessed there
a scene not only memorable but signifi
cant in San Franc bco. I saw the Chinese
Minister and his suite welcomed with a
heartiness and hospitality wnich did
honor to the good sense and friendly
hearts of those well-known clubmen,
whose reputation for wit, keen Hpprecia
tion of the best things in the intellectual
world, and independence in expressing
their opinions, have made the club fa
mou?. Courteous, Kind and manly were
the words in which the club's president—
who is with us to-night— greeted the dis
tinguished envoy from China; and, when
tbe cneers which welcomed Wu Ting Fang
had subsided, the Minister begun nH re
sponse in words which were beautiful to
hear, for they touched the hearts of his
listeners.
" l l hays come,' said he, 'to find an old
friend.' He miaht have added. 1 think,
with truth that he had found many new
ones, and friends, too, wtio would assist
him in righting any wrongs, if wrongs
thoy were, which had been suffered by h'.s
people at the hands of ours; and as he
proceeded with his speech it seemed to me
that China had sent us a representative
who would do honor to his own country
and at the *ame time show us Americans
that all the virtues did not belong to any
one race or creed.
"I hope that the fine spirit of the Bohe
mian Club may find many imitators on
this side ot the continent, as it no doubt
will in the East. China can wait, for she
is a country which counts her age by cen
turies instead of years, and was old wtien
the first Egyptian kings were crowned.
".Perhaps I should apologize lor intrud
ing here a subject which may seem re
moved somewhat from the field in which
our thoughts and allusions would natur
ally gather, but we are to-night a brother
hood, and within that comprehensive
circle one may be permitted to speak for
that part of humanity which in this
country must be more or less defenseless
because it has no vote, and whose offense,
I have sometimes thought, lay in its
ability to .save money where others
waste.
"All these economic questions we,
as officers of the Soutbera Pacific Com
pany, are deeply interested in studying,
for our prosperity runs on parallel lines
with those of the State. California, coni-
Dared with the rest of the United States,
has already more railroad facilities than
her population would warrant. Wo are
prepared to carry a vastly greater ton
nage than we ara likely to get for many
years to come.
"The railroad wants tonnage, for only
by an increase in business can it return
anything to its stockholders ai the present
rates. California, with an area of nearly
4}4 per cent of the entire acreage of the
United State?, has a population of Jess
than 2 per cent. The Slate could easily
support a population of ten million?,
where ;here are now, I Buppose, not over
a million and a half of people. Does
California welcome the coming gnen ex
cept with the personal, social hospitality
for which she is noted? I meet many
Eastern people on their return from a
visit to this State who uniformly
praise, and praise extravagantly, the ser
vice given to the State by the Southern
Pacific Company, declaring that they
have ridden over no finer roads anywhere
and that the charges are lower than they
are on any other important railroad in the
wor!d, considering the conditions which
prevail. I th.nlc we can justly congratu
late ourselves lhat we are doing our part
in the evolution of t:.e State's future, and
I tru-st you mar live to see our glorious
California overflowing with thrifty work
er!* and teeming witn. countless hives of
industry.
"Ouce more, gentlemen, 1 greet you
with all my heart and with the sincere
hope th.it I may often have the pleasure
of again welcoming you under my own
roof."
J. C. Stubb?, third rice-president of the
Southern Pacific Company, responded to
"Questions of Traffic" ; W.G.Curtis, en
gineer of maintenance of way, to "As
Others See Us"; Fred B. Meyers, president
of the local Brotherhood of Locomotive
Engineers, to "The Eneineer'; W. B.
Stafford, president of the State Organiza
tion of Conductors, to "The Conductor":
A. A. Moore to"Con tributary Negligence" ;
Horace (t. Platt, the local representative
of the Searles estate, to "Steam and
Electricity"; W. G. Spronle, assistant
general freight agent, to "Wind and
Water"; J. J. Valentine to "Pioneer
Times," George F. Richardson to ' 'Inci
dent? Relating to Transportation," Gen
eral W. H. L. Barnes to "The Builders of
the Nation."
Vocal music by the Knickerbocker quar
tet anu instrumental music by Ronco-
jy^\y TO-DAY — DRY GOODS. '■ U- ' '■■_ -'_ _ _
x»©<>©©<>o©c<SmiS^
X i INCORPORATED. X
i C ®<SXS)®®<SX^®(2XS)®®®®®®(sXS^ Jl
1 EDITORIALS FROM I
I ANNIVERSARY WEEK! . I
¥ Five years of success and popularity crowned by the busiest birth- §c
I _£ day of them all ! That's Monday's history. To-day we continue the i|
2£ record-breaking values. Additional specials quoted. AH bright, clean ofe
o|° merchandise. Staple stuff you trust in and know about. _$i
I DOMESTICS. CLOAK ! DRESSJjOODS. p
; 3)o No time to talk and argue r\Cn A HTM C\TT Novelty dressings in assort" cOo
3>o these busy days. Just prices. LJJt}r /\lx I iYjltil^l I. • ments galore. Prices very small _$_;
% fruit of the MusLiN. 3 c | for anniversary week. " 2^
% fuii36inchesw.de. At ale ' s ?a 4 rd Outerskirts, Underskirts, Capes, foulakd siLic-our 22-mch q«3S
PEQUOTSHEET^r lo 4w.d;h full 90 J^ketS, Outing Suits, bilk WaiStS. foVon^area; 11 . I !^..! 00 !. 11 .^: "Ed «&
_j^ PE ?MhJ.wW^ E A?Hkltf.i * etc. _____ (All uar^-colored grounds.) _fe
c 3° UnbEed lhcvard NOTICK-We have still a few $3 95 Outing Snit.. i-'AXCV TWILL K..ULAUD-, all __g "
3/o unoieacnea... ibcjara The d<-man<l was grea-er than »vh aniicipaied. of our 75e and 85c a4-lnch fou- CQC fOf
oi>° masdnvtt v tv fnil 86 rir ana we fear their exiiaintlou before ihe end of I lards to be thrown In as sale «__^_<g
of» inches wide, son finish. At 7i° the week. Call e»p.y ir pos .b. to avoid dis- goods at Yard 000
) cx)o n.i B v»rrt appointment. This suit i» thorou^nly well oQo
oKo ■ HttleB ard made, fitted, al ered and guaranteed. It la : ALL FRESH, STYLISH STOCK. o§o
oflo BATE'S BEDSPREADS, full size, actually %vorth »7 60. On sale at BLACK FIGfRK FT^ri KS-\Vp 3u
eAo hennaed ana leady to use. boih $3.95 Each. guarantee thU all pure silt and 75 C 3g
ol)o and H:lln K >u«deoi heavy .00 LADIES' TAN JACKETS, very special va.u^atHa.e's.... 10 ±
cvto 3-Uy yarn, e<iu..l to any $125 W ±— - very special value at Hale's ... Yari %™
oAo spread. At U ale's Kach LADIES' TAN JACKET*. sllK-lined.
otf° nvorifAnnirT.pr^' vrr «v -. r . velvet collar, fly front, 23 inches Ion?, | FANCY MOSAIC SI7ITIXGS— A °V°
cOo XJNBLEACHEDCAMOM^LAN- 7 1 stylish, neat mid nobby: a swell lit- <£0.95 ' floored novelty 38 Inches in o C °S^°
os° NKL, 31 inches wide an extra I 2 tie garment at a very special price; C-^ I widtn, a.l the swellest spring OO °{>°
_^_ heavy 10c flannel. On sale at. Yari strictly up to date Kach shading At Hale's !.... \ard «*«
cX? 0 TABLE FELT— A good heavy A'ZS' v\xrv ■nu-Tru.-e—* iino nt r-.£
aS _t_[_,x r s4lncheswlde - At fo ALL GARMESTS FIT [ED ASD ALTERED PA^ Y o «lssd"Su«^SS okc $
otf^ ales for iara rnrr incaes wide, a splendid dust- ZO orto
3g p. TDM I H IMr'Q tMAi. aheddinjs fabric _Aiiiale'B..... Yard «U
o<)o I* UlV.l^l l^n liMvJo. • FANCY JACQUAKDS— Our 60c qqC 2^
3U LADIES' BLACK COTTON HOSE LADIES' BLACK FIGURED Mo Imported German Novelty Suitr oJ T)C
3C -A good heavy stocking nign- IAC li AIR SKI KTs, very large patterns. , Ings, to go on sa.e »t Yard 3£
°V» spllceJ heels, double soles and IU han?s well, look^vell. made well, a . 3£
36 ties. A leader all week at I'air sknt for vacation <,r snoppln?. thor- m t>.95 . 3g
o/>° on^chly lined and bound. On sale at <tjp^ ZjCL
o<S BOYS' BLACK -KOTTON X AST- Hule ' 8 **en BUTTONS rtto
°(>° IKON" SCUOOL STOCKINGS «-»*-»!! V-/i^l«J. OU°
<=\l° —Can't wear them out: double Our BLACK FIKUUED ALPACA PKIRT at Zj!Z
o(io knee, sole and toes, narrow rib, IXC $1 49 slill ou sale. The d ■mand is increasing I WHITS PEARL BUTTONS— On sale— °v°
obo heavy, tough, familiar at 25c. 1O every da.-. Ouc lady said it was wor;h $3. (It ! Line IB 18 20 24 28 30 *y°
o{» On sale Pair is our $'2 skirt.) I'eraps enongti to last to- I 4c doz. 5c do/. scuoz. 6ci107» 9c doz. lOcdoz c y o
o/>o day. Call early for pattern'} °"°
o<>O LADIES' EGYPTIAN COTTON • FANCY MOTTLED JioRV BUT- re erfo
o,U VESTS, H. N. L. S., Jersey IONS-All colors, 24 line. On O oi<t
niCn ribbed and shaped, medium sale Dozen o<.o
_,C weight, crochet si:k edge. lhis Of^.C IV T T I i~\ IV T C — of»
°T, garment is slightly damaged. AD vJ I IUIN^. j IMITATION PEARL BUTTONS— re 3)o
ZJIZ On sale at Each All colors, 22 line. All week... O 3»
2f2 * • '• • Dozen -*lm
r 4 DIFS' PERCALE WAIST** • *r
J\ LA full back and tront. big sleeves, | WHITE FINISHING BRAID. 12 dlf- re BUFFALO horn BUTTONS-A good Wg, A
V all colors, extra fine percale, QQC fTent styles iv 6-yard pieces, worth a O heavy dress button: X
il^ bought at a sacrt lice, ac:ually . itO dime, on sale for Piece 30 line 100 dozen *%
1# wor.h 76c or $1. Sold at cost... Each . — 55 line '40c dozen
jf^ : CANVAS BELTS, blark or white. 2 to £$>.
%m ——^—^———— Inches wide, fine for picnics. Marked O ——^————. •^ r
_^t t"f s"*^~\ from 10c to Kach j » y^ JnL
/V Wv> /^c» f / /V^y->*~ -/» ODD LOT OF LEATHER BELTS, ! 77^0" /^ / /^V->^ / £i
%m S~~/Tf7 / yfA Sy siJTJ plain and with girdle, some 8 0.. i for lAC,ry / 1 J y{ ASy /fj7 / V
jf \^ I UUt/LSyS* /t^t/» 25c, others as high as 50c Your I.U V -*^/ / «- /^*' XLS t/j. / .
V / (INCORPORATED], pick from the tabes ao Each / (INCORPORATED] _gf
O Q^7-Q4R |UI 9r G+ SHIRT Waist SETS, look like sliver. (\C Q37-Q4 c Marlfpt St %'
JT ydZ-y^O iviarKet Ot., 4 studsand one pa ir link buttons, ah 1U »o / -»*+O ivicirKei. ot,, Jj
*# SAX FRANCISCO. lor Set! SAN FKANCISOO. ijr
lilfc ,^ j^ 000000 0 0 0 0 50 SJL2JLfi_C JJJ2.JLSJLP.9 J? S.SJLSI JJ. &JLJLBJLQ. %_^>L<V_i<fc <"fc <fc <^ <T><l*
vieri's band was interspersed with the
tonsts.
Every one present was in full dress. It
wa» long after midnight when the last
guest departed.
MARCEAU MUST PAY.
His Ex- Wife Says She Paid 530.000 to
Him to Allow Her a Di
vorce.
Mr*. Gerald M. Fennell, formerly Mrs.
Theodore C. Marceau. testified on the
stand in Justice Barry's court yesterday
that she paid her ex-husband $30,000 to
allow her to regain her freedom through
the courts. She al-o stated that she paid
$10,000 out of her own pocket to satisfy
the claims of the attorneys in the matter.
The case on trial was that of Emily M.
Solly against Theodora C. Marceau and
Mr. and Mr. and Mrs. G. M. Fennell. Mrs.
Solly made some dr?sse? tor Mr?. Fennell
while she was still Mrs. Marceau and the
suit wa« brought to determine who was
responsible for the bill, which amounted
to $155. Charles Wesley Reed repre
sented Mrs. Solly, Rogers cfc Patterson the
photoerapher and Attorney McPike Mr.
and Mrs. Fennell.
The main idea of the Fenneiis and Mrs.
Solly seemed to be to fix the responsi
bility on Marceau, and it was shown that
he had sanctioned the purchase and al?o
others in which dresses costing $800 each
fieured.
The efforts were successful, for Justice
Barry decided that Marceau was the per
son who should foot the bill and he en
tered judgment accordingly.
League of the Cross Kally.
The quarterly rally of the Fourth District
League of the Cross will be held at Metropoli
tan Hall on Sunday afternoon next. An essay
contest will be the principal feature of tne ex
ercises. The winner will receive a silver
medal and will also be entered as the repre
sentative of the district at the annual contest
for the Archbißhop Riornan gold mpdal to be
held In August The representatives of the
parishes are: lieutenant Edward Deasy, St.
Mary's Cathedral; Joseph Colligan, St. Brigids;
James McCarran, St. Francis; Jonn F. Owens,
Holy Cross; Charles Carew, Sacred Heart.
The address of the day will be given by Wil
liam Humphrey, president of the Pacific
Coast Amatenr Association. The other num
bers on the programme will be selections by
the Sacred Heart College orchestra; recitation,
William L. Curtin; solo, Theodore Jacobus;
selections. Glee Club of Company A, L. C. C.
HEW TO-DA.T.
Pure Food
OUH STRONGHOLD.
Teas, Coffees,
Spices, Extracts,
Baking Powder,
AT THE
Pure Food
STORES
Great Americanlmportinir Tea Cbl
EXPERTS with
100 Pure Food Stores.
PURE FOOD
Our Stronghold.
HERE
ARF_jBARGAMS
These 5 bargains are this
week's hints for careful buy-
ers. We have two stores
full of good things at low
prices — why we invite
your trade.
SPECIAL REGULAR
BACON...'. 13V2C lb 18ctslb
Fancy iiastern brand.
OLIVES ... SOcjal $I.oogal
Kipe and delicious.
Great reduction on tne3e.
CT^ABBT 40c gal 76 cts gal
Another popular
California product.
WHISKY 75cbot $1.00 bot
E. CL Berry, Spring '90. S3 gal $4.00 gal
The genuine, pure
articla.
liKN'OX SOAP.... 7 cakes 25c 5 cts cake
Will lathpr f eely
even in hard water.
21 Stockton Street, 13253 Fillmore St.,
NEAR MARKET. I Near Lombard.
Telephone Main 5522. 1 Telephone West 152.
We have a wry ; rompt mail orJfr service.
Good* delivered ci» nil around ihe bay.
Just Arrived:
1 Car Stoves,
1 Car Parlor Goods,
1 Car Sideboards & Bookcases,
1 Car Bed Sets.
CASH OR EASY PAYMENTS.
LOWEST PRICES
ARGEST STOCK
ARGEST STORE
14 Pianos <P7» up
Kefrlneiators from $6 BO up
100 rolls Carpets, i ew patterns 65c yard
IMattines fiom 7%c Y«rd
Mantel Cloc-ks from.. $3 up
FolUlng-Beds from : $12 £>v up
400 becoud-haiid Carpets from $4 60 up
Large Line of Second-
nand Furniture, Carpets,
■ Showcases — always on
£: Hand ::::::::
J. NOONAN
1017-1019-1031-1023 Misulon St.
516-518-520-53-J Sliuna St.
Above Sixth.
PHONE JESSIE i\
' : • OPES KYENINGB
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
18 A POWERFUL APHKODISIAC AND
J- specific tonic for the sexual and urinary orxaos
of both sexes, and a great: remedy for diseases ol
the kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative
liivigorator and Nervine. Sells on its own Merits;
no long-winded testimonials necessary.
>Ai>liii. Ai.i'» <k i>UU>'*i, A ent«.
32^ Market St., b. i . - isl-hJ lor Circular)
*AT AUCTION
TUESDAY.
TUESDAY MAY 11, i 89 7,
AT OCR SALESROoSr^TIIARKET ST.
Opposite Palace Hotel, San Francisco.
Van Nes« Avenue Re«idence Lotn.
SR (50 vara) co Ji 1 Van Ness aye. and Francisco
St., in 5 large subdivisions: 27:6x1*8 feet. Ttiis
eleiant locatlou for residences is on the' erana
boulevard, which is to be continued out Lombard
street, making a contii.uous graud driveway
around our city, Is near the Government reserva-
tion and commands a magnificent m.vine view
van .Ness avenne is bitumlnized: examine this
iroperty for choice homes.
Stelner*Street Cottage.
E. line. (No. 1812) of Stelner St., 82:6 fee: s.
of Bush; handsome bay-window cottage of 7
rooms arid bath; choice location; Melner street
bltuminized: cement stone sidewalk- sunny ex-
posure, qual to northwest corner: examine this
for a home; several car Hues; lot 27:6x100 feet.
Point Lobos Aye. (Klchmond) Corner
Lot.
SE. cor. Point I-obos and 10th ayes.; an elegant
<"O-ner lot fur bnsineis or residence, on the graini
w.de boulevard; Point Lobos aye. Sntro electric
road; grand coiner lot, 32:6x100 teet.
Elegant Corner Residence Lot.
SE.' cor. of Church and Libnity sts.; an elegant
corner lot for a gentleman's residence; fine view;
choiie surroundtnss; several car lines; large cor-
ner lot, 61 :tixlO6 *set.
Ontside Land Klock No. 1090.
Alaree piece of outside land block No. 1090
(comprising 39 city lots), south of Golden Gate
Park, bounded by R and S streets. 3!id and 83d
ayes. : lot 240 feet on R st., 476 teet each on S2d
and 33d ayes.
Kroderlck- Street Residence Lot.
W. line of Broderick, 100 feet S. of Oak st.; ele-
gant lot to build upon; choice surroundings: street
in basalt rock: composite sidewalk; street sewered,
and lot slde-sewered; several car lines; lot 25x100
feeu ■;"*'.'
Twenty- Fourth Street Cottage.
S. line (No. ) of 24th st., 25 feet W. of Doug-
la<s: Day- window cottage of 6 rooms, bath and
basement: 'J4!h-it rars pass ihe door: street la
rine i ondltion; examine this fur a home; lot 25x
85 feeu
Ocean Boulevard Lots.
East line of 48th aye. (Ocean Boulevarfl), 100
Sof X St., and near ihe ucean Hons*. Th s grand
l>lece of prope rty fronts the ocean and boulevara,
which is being completed; will soon become a
prominent location tor grand home or business:
will be sold entire: 100 feet on 48tU aye., runuing
through to 47ih 240 ieet, on which it fronts 100
feet, maslng this lot 100x240.
Aghbury Heights French Flats.
West line (Nn. 28) De Lone aye., 200:3 S of
Waller s:., bcu Masonic aye., Ashburr, Waller and
Frederic sts. Improvements— 4 French flats of 3
rooms and bath each: full rent, $*6; near Golden
Gate Park; Cuncr<<te foundation and sidewalk;
several car Hues; lot 26x80.
Large Richmond Lot.
West line of 27 .* aye., 265 sof Point Lobos. A
larce residence lot, .<■; -dv lor building, ne>tr Point
Lobos Sutro electric cars: grand lot, 7Ux120.
HASTOX. JEJ-OUIOGB & CO.,
Office and Salesroom, 638 Market s*.., opposite
Palace Hotel. .
DR.MCNULTY.
THIS WELL KNOWN AND RKLIABI.E OL1»
X Spet-.lall.Htcurej Private,Nervous,Bloodand Skin
l>is ( >:isHs of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over
•JO years' experience. Send for Book, free. Patients
■ cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Honrs, 9to 3
d.iily;6::» ti»s.:iOev'j:"«. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consulta-
tioufree and sacredlycontlderitial. Cail oradclress
P. KOSCOK Me JIUI/rV, M. ».,
1 2O'_ Kcarny Street. tinn Francisco. Cal.
sVrtftfHfrtP WILCOX COMPOUND
m tpANSY9PILLS
Sfht only reliable remaie regulator
gm Never Falls. Sold by druggisU S2 OO
OT Senrt 4c for Woman's SaroKuarrt.
1 »WILCQXI(K>ICALCQ.22B B.BthSt,nii» I P*.