VOLUME LXXXI.-NO. 50.
LABOR AND
THE LAW
Joint Committee Meeting to
Consider the Assembly-
Bill.
EMPLOYMENT AGENTS TO
BE REGULATED.
Senator Morehouse Questions the
Representatives of All
Concerned.
INJUSTICES TO BOTH SIDES
INQUIRED INTO.
Statements Tliat Show "The Call" to
Be the Champion of th-i Working
People.
SACRAMENTO, Cat,., Jan. 18. — The
Committees on Labor of the Senate and
the AsseniDly held a session lasting until
after midnight in hearing ihe arguments
for and against Ass< rubty bill 150, regu
latinc employment agents.
Section 1 of the act provides that tbe
employment office fee must be immedi
ately returned to the applicant upon his
failure to secure employment or upon his
being proved to De incompetent, unfitted
or unsuitea for said employment. No fee
8ba!l he charged ir. excess of 5 per cent of
the lirst month's wajjes of the applicant
and in no case shall it exceed 5 per cent o'
the wages earned by the applicant during
any time less than one month. Section 5
reaus as follows:
It shall be unlawful for any employment
Bgent to Insert an advertisement in any nnvi
paper, or in any other manner advertise for
help of afcy kind, unless the said advertising
is done in pur-uuni uf actual bona li Jc orders
lor help which shall have been rece'vert by the
said agent. The Commissioner of the Depart
ment of Labor may at any time investigate
paid order= in order to satisfy himself of their
authenticity.
Violation of the act is punishable by a
fine of not more than $200 nor less than
$00, or not more than thirty days' impris
onment, or both rine and iniorisonment.
A communication was read, sieved by
fcOQO laboring men anri 23*6 laboring
vomeu, asking the Legislature to pass
tr.e bin.
A protest was read from Los Angeles,
netting forth that a free employment
bureau would be an unnecessary tax upon
the people, and statins; that a free em
ployment bureau in Los Angeles had
proved to be a lailure. Reference was also
made to the free employment bureau
Btaried in San Francisco a few years ago
and whicn collapsed and was never more
heard from.
Mr. Morgenstern and Goare A. Went
•worth appeared on behalf of the prote-t
--ants and Labor Commissioner Fitzgerald
and his assistant (Mr. Dam), and air.
Arthur appeared for the bill.
The chairman of the lommittee decided
that the negative proposition or tue op
ponents of the bill should open the dis-
cussion. Mr. Morgentern began by argu
ing that middlemen were necessary in
business where there was a demand on
onesideand a supply on the other. Being
necessary they were legitimate so lons as
they transacted their bu-iness honestly.
It it is true that this is a iopnimate bnsiness
and the laws are sufficient to punish dis
honesty in it, what need is there, he asked,
of burdening the already overburdened
codes with an additional law on the sub
ject. Taking up the first section, the
speaker asked when it became necessary
to make a law to declare illegitimate
a business which has been held to be le^al
ever since its birth. The attempt to regu
late a business which is perfectly legiti
mate, and which does not admit of being
interfered With, is clearly unconstitu
tional.
Senator Morehouse asked Mr. Morgen
stern his grounds for declaring the first
sec Lion unconstitutional, and Mr. Mor
gen=tern replied that in a case where a
man engaged a lawyer and paid him $200
to win a case for him, there could be no
| law to compel the lawyer to refund to the
J -it the fee.
* What would you say of a man going
xo an employment agent and representing
himself to be competent for a certain po
sition, while, at the sams time he was
lying to the a^ent. Then when that man
goes to work he is found to be totally in
competent an<l is discharged on the sec
ond day, do you think tUat the agent
should not be paid for his trouble, when
it was no fault of his that the applicant
was found to be incompetent?" asked Mr.
Morgenstern.
Assemblyman Mahoney of the commit
tee asked whether the agent could not
Bend a man to an employer on irial for
two or three days, and Mr. Morgenstern
replied that that could be done, but that
supposing that the agent should have to
Bend five men one after another to the
same place in vain the agent would have
done five times the amount of work for
nothing.
The speaker added that ther* was not a
reputable employment agent in the State
opposed to section five which prohibited
fake advertising. They would do all in
their power to have that section made a
law, because it would protect all reputa
ble acents in their business.
The next sections were objected to by
Mr. Morgenbtern. They are as follows:
Sec. 4. Every employment agent shall in
connection with his business -keep a book, or
1 i-et of books, showing the number of applica
tions for employment made to said emDloy
■inent agent, the number of applicants
' by him to employers, the number
of applicants for whom employment has
been secured by Raid employment
agent, the amount of fees and commissions,
and the character and value of any other
property taken by said employment agent in
return for securing employment for ap
plicants, and the amount of money
and the character and value of other
The San Francisco Call
property returned to applicants who
have tailed to obtain employment; and
every employment agent shall upon the first
day of each month furnish to the Commis
sioner of the Department of Labor a writ
ten statement from said book or set of books
plainly setting forth said facts upon a blank
form to be furnished by said Commissioner.
Bee. 7. 1 lie Commissioner of th« Depart
ment of Labor shall, during business hours,
have free access to all offices used by any em
ployment agent or agents, and shall be per
mitted to post therein copies of any laws or
notices concerning the conduct of the busi
ness of the said employment agent or other
information corcerning labor. The said copies
of laws or notices shall be conspicuously
posted and shall not be hidden, removed or
defaced.
"This act would allow the Labor Com
missioner to walk into any employment
office and post up a notice asking for 500
men for certain wotk which they could
have by applying to him," added the
speaker. "The effect of the law, in
connection with another bill before the
Assembly, would be to erect a throne in
the State Capitol and seat upon it La
bor Commissioner Fitzgerald as a king."
The speaker called attention to the
power and influence that would be wielded
by the Labor Commissioner if employ
ment agents were driven out of business
by the law. The bill gave the Labor Com
missioner too mucn power and influence.
It was a parly measure, be argued.
"It may be good politics, but it is not
good morals or common sense. This bill
would throw all persons seeking employ
ment into toe hands of one man, and it
would be conferring upon him a greater
power than that possessed by the Gov
ernor of this State or the President of the
United States," »aid the speaker.
Senator Morehouse said that the bill
had been framed for the purpose of doing
away with a serious evil like that which
happened a short time ago, when 500 men,
in answer to an advertisement, went to
Fresno and found that they had been
duped. The speaker calied attention to a
bill prepared by employment agents and
already read in the Assembly requiring of
all agents a penal bond in the sum of
$5000.
Mr. McArthar followed for the Labor
Commissioner and ihe workingmen and
repudiated the idea that there was any or
ganization behind the bill except the or
uanizsd workingmen of the State. With
reference to Mr. Morganstern's contention
that the bill was unconstitutional Mr. Mc-
Arthur argued that it was a man's consti
tutional right to earn his daily bread, and
that whoever attempted to preven: a man
from getting employment violated that
man's constitutional right.
The Speaker read from the Revised
Statutes of the United States the law pro
hibiting any one except a shipping com
missioner from receiving or demanding a
fee irom a seaman for obtaining employ
ment for him. Here the United States
had legislated against the right of a sea
man, to make a contract, because he is
usually without resources or mends, and
the Federal Government steps in to sive
him from the exactions of the crimps.
If the Federal Government has a right
to legislate against the seamen making a
contract, why should not the State have a
right to legislate on beha.'f of tbe working
ruen, be asked. No reputable employ
ment agent should object to the bill. Its
object was to protect the working people
irom being swindled by dishonest agents.
It baa happened too often that an em
ployment a^ent has sent an applicant to
■work in the country. This applicant has
paid the agent two or three dollars. At
the end of two or three days the man is
discharged ant the agent sends another
man who has paid two or three dollars,
and so on as long as the game will last,
the employer and the agent dividing the
money received from the victims.
"There is only one clause in the bill,"
continued Mr. McArthur, •'that the em
ployment agents object to and that is the
5 per cent clause, but 5 per cent is a pretty
good fee. It is a matter of notoriety that
employment agents as a class are swin
dlers, that they trade upon the necessities
of the poor; in many instances they
take money and don't give any return for
it, and when they do give a return in
most instances it is inadequate. If this
law will not permit employment agents to
do business in their own way let them give
up the bu-iness and go to work at some
thing else. Mnssachusetts has a similar
law and it was working well."
Mr. McArthur closed by saying that the
problem of the day was to put men and
women to work.
K. M. Fitzgerald, brother of the Labor
Commissioner, iollowed on behalf of the
bill. He recalled the time when, two
years ago, an effort was made in the Legis
lature to abolish the Labor Bureau, and
he had had considerable difficulty in con
vincing the legislators that if the bureau
wa- properly conducted it would be of
much pood to workingmen and women.
Mr. Fitzgerald read the deposition oi
Robert H. Murray, stating that while act
ing as employment agent he bad paid to
Hogan & Burns, contractors, to B. Galla
gher, foreman of the stone quarry at No
vato, and to Mr. Carey of Harbor View 50
cents for each person furnished them by
Murray. This was a common practice
among employment agents, added Mr.
Murray's deposition.
Mr. Fitzgerald read several instances in
which Charles Miller's ranch at Livei
raore figured in ihe advertisement, and to
which poor men had been sent by un
scrupulous agents only to find thst they
had been duped out of the fees paid by
them to the agents. The speaker went on
to show that the State, which fixed the
fees of doctors, the rate? of car fare, and
so forth, could also fix the fees and com
missions of employment agents.
California was not the first or the only
State to legislate against dishonest em
ployment aßents or to establish free
public employment offices. He
showed by official reports that
wherever public offices were established
the private employment offices ceased to
exist. There was nothing in the bill, he
said, to which an honest employment
agent could object. There was only one
thing.and that was the 5 per cent commis
sion, but that was large enough fee for a
person doing an honest business.
In answer to a question by Senator
Morehouse, Mr. Fi'zgerald said that it
was the practice of dishonest agents to
conspire with employers to discharge
men for incompetency, when, in fact, the
men were competent. For thai reason
the clause was inserted in the first section
requiring the agent to surrender the fee
when the applicant was discharged for in
competency.
Senator Morehouse asked would not an
injustice be done an honest agent where
an applicant had made false statements
as to his competency and where the em
ployer had discharged him for in-
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY MORNING, JANUARY 19, 1897.
WHO IS LABOR'S FRIEND?
The organized Labor of this City and the unorganized as well learned with surprise
yesterday morning that The Call had been denounced at a public meeting as their
foe. The denunciation appeared in the Examiner, in what purported to be a report
of the action of some workingmen and women not connected with the Labor Council,
who met in a hall on Turk street. It appears that these people, without making any
investigation, censured The Call for opposing Commissioner Fitzgerald's labor bureau
bill, which it has not done, and passed resolutions in accordance with the alleged facts.
It might be a difficult matter to show that one who opposes Mr. Fitzgerald's plan is an
enemy of labor, but The Call has not opposed it. It has given both sides of the
matter and will continue to do so. A significant and a suspicious fact is that the
only press representatives at this meeting on Turk streefwere a reporter and an artist
of the Examiner. '
How this uncalled for and unwarranted denunciation of The Call by people
who must have been deceived is regarded by those who must know the facts is
shown by the following record of a meeting held by The Call 1 Chapel last night.
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDGE, Editor and Proprietor SAN FRANCISCO CALL :
DEAR SIR:
At a meeting of The Call Chapel, held on the evening of Monday, January 18, 1897. the following
preamble, resolution and statement of facts were unanimously adopted:
Whereas, There has been made what we consider an unjustifiable attack upon the paper by which
we are employed, and an attempt has been made to place it in the position of an enemy to labor; and
Whereas, Any such attempt to mislead the public may convey the impression that we are work
ing for an unfair paper, we deem it our duty, as employes of said paper, to lay the true facts before the
reading public that it may judge for itself who is the real friend of labor; therefore, by the San Fran
cisco Call Chapel, in meeting assembled, it is
Resolved, That we have perfect confidence in the SAN FRANCISCO CALL under its present
management as an ally of labor; and while we have no differences with any organization or individuals,'
we most emphatically deny any assertion to the effect that THE CALL is other than a true friend of
labor, and most respectfully submit the following facts that the public may be able to determine how
our employer treats his employes.
Since Mr. Shortridge became the proprietor of THE CALL the composing-room has been enlarged,
greatly to the comfort and convenience of the workmen; incandescent electric lights have taken the
place of foul-smelling coal-oil lamps, and the office has been • otherwise improved in a sanitary way,
much to the benefit of those who are compelled to labor in it at night; and all this without any solici
tation on our part.
The following statement of wages paid the employes of THE CALL in the composing-room for the
year 1894, before Mr. Shortridge assumed control, and for the years 1895 and 1896, during his pro
prietorship, is convincing argument as to his position on the labor question :
1894 - - -• - - - - - - • $ 80,143 10
1895 106,115 95
1896 116,764 00
All of which sums have been paid .in wages to compositors, payments being made each Monday after
noon, and the money has been put in circulation in the City and County of San Francisco.
Not only is the full scale of prices established by the San Francisco Typographical Union for
labor paid in all departments of .THE CALL composing-room, but in many instances faithful and re
liable employes are voluntarily paid wages considerably in advance of those called for by the
schedule, or to which under the laws of their governing body they are legally entitled. .
Almost at the introduction of ; Mr. ; ' Shortridge to San : Francisco journalism .the publishers of , the
other dailies of this City resorted to the employment of labor-saving machinery (typesetting machines),
thus reducing the expense of running their composing-rooms alone from $10,000 to $25,000 a year at the
direct expense of labor, and that, too, without the necessity of competition as an incentive for seeking
■ such relief to the utter demoralization of human effort.
With two-thirds of the hand-compositors being displaced in all the other daily papers of this City
by machinery, and seeing our elderly brother typos robbed completely of their means of living at a
period of life too late to commence the acquirement of another trade, it took but little to induce the pro
prietor of THE CALL to postpone resorting to the same method of retrenchment, and thus was saved
to the hand-compositors the only large daily newspaper in the City of San Francisco, and we may say
in the United States.
In our opinion the best evidence of a man's future intentions can be determined by what he has
done for labor in the past and what he is doing at the present time.
Signed by committee, C. M. JONES, Chairman,
D. G. POOLE,
A. C. SCHWATKA,
W. G. SMITH, Father of the Chapel,
H. L. BRADLEY, Secretary.
Here are a few facts that will be read with interest by workingmen, by storekeepers and all
who are interested in keeping our own men and women employed and in keeping San Francisco money
in San Francisco. THE CALL, as will be seen from the subjoined list, employs 140 men and women
in its composing-room. The Examiner, which poses as the friend of labor, employs 64, the Chronicle
41, the Bulletin 13, the Report 15, and the Post 13. Thus it appears that/the Chronicle and Examiner
together employ 105 compositors, just 35 less than THE CALL. It will also be seen that the Chroni
cle, Examiner, Bulletin, Post and Report combined employ but 146 compositors, or only six more than
THE CALL employs. The list below given is official, and is taken from the current number of the
Pacific Union Printer. *
x».£LXXj-sr r s3?ivr i3n OHAFe£iS.
CALL CHAPEL— W. Q. Smith, Chairman.
Alberti, W. G. Cooke, W. S. Harlow, F. M. Little, J. P. O'Donnell, E. H. Shay, Miss M.
Alexander, E. C. Cooper, L. Harris, W. W. Livingston, F. E. Orr, M. D. Shay, Miss E.
Assam, A. L. • Craig, L. W. Haskins, P. J. Livingston, J. J. Parker, C. H. . Shay, Miss A. Q.
Barron, Geo. Daly, Miss M. Hartson, C. H. Lynch, C. T. Parry. A. M. Smith, A. F.
Belcher, E. S. Darr, H. I. riawrecht, H. W. Lynch, M. Payne. A. A. Smith, A. J.
Benoit. A. J. JJerham, 0. J. Henry, A. K. Lyncn, J. J. Perry, W. H. Smith, Mi«s M.
Best, E. Denny, J. B. Hickey, Thomas Maxwell, J. M. Petersen, E. A. Smith, C. J.
Beresford H. Devirie, R. J. Hickok, H. D. McAvoy, J. A. Phillips, J. Smythe, J. T.
Blumer, H. Dowline, Miss K. Hill, J. J. • McCain, R. E. Poole, D. G. Snell, J. A.
Bowen, W. U. Dyer, C. E. Hilt, W. F. • McLaughlin, Ed Powers, C. E. Splitgerber, T.F.
Bond, Emma Ehrhardt. F. Hochdorffer, F. McLaughlin, J. Rae, J. A. Squire, C. H.
• Bradley, H. L. Eoff, S. R. Isaacs, Miss M. McLean, Miss A. Reyburn.'E. A. Stanton, Ed.
Brown, Carrie Espy. R. J. Jacobs, C. W. Meade. C. B. Reed, F. F. Starine, H. F.
Brower, J. M. Fairfield, Alice Jones, C. M. Miller, E. J. Recce, H. P. Taylor, F. G.
Burke, Thos. E. Fowle, J. A. Keefe, L. Miller, W. J. Rushmer, E. L. Thurman. E. W.
Burke, H. Gallagher, W. A. Keser, D. J. Mitchell, G. E. Robbins, S. L. Walsh, Wm.
Carroll, J. C. Gage, C. A. Koefoed. W. G. .Mitchell, F. Ryan, J. A. Waltham. C. F.
Carroll, J. H. Gilmour, J. T. Krei*s, E. F. Mooney, F. A. Simop, Paul Walton. Geo.
Clay pool, F. W. Grady, Miss M. Lake, F. E. Moore, H. C. Smith, A. D. Ward, H.
dough. E. Grant, A. E. Lamkin, E. A. Neely, J. J. Sutherland, F. B. Watts, H. H.
Cochell, J.T. Grimwood. A. J. La Shelle.O. C. Newton, J. W. Saunders, G. W. White, H. L.
Coleman, W. D. Gundry, F. E. Leahy, S. C. Norcross, F. G. Schwab, George Winders, J. R.
Compton. L. F. Hammond, Harry Lewis, D. J. O'Connor, R. E. Schwatka, A. C. Younger, E. R.
Council, 1). Hamshar, R. K.
EXAMINER CHAPEL-S. H. Jenner, Chairman.
Anderson, E. B. ' Carr, T. C. Faler, R. G. January. P. T. Miller, W. F. Riordan. R. R.
Apoerson. Edgar Carey, E. H. Free!, John Kelsey, James T. Murray, J. D. Ryan, P. T.
Atkins, M E. Clayes, H. M. Fulton, Hugh King, H. Olweil, J. P. Saunders, George H.
Backess. C. E. Collner, John Galvin. J. J. Leeper. A. G. Parker, E. A. Shearer. J. L.
Baker, F. Costeilo, John Gitt, K. M. Lvon, L. Pelham, C. G. Smith, Miss E.
Bard, Ellsworth De Ahna, H. C. Hartman, T. Mahanny, J. A. Pew, E. W. Totherotb. W. H.
Baviess, George Doan, S. Harvey, John D. McClaire, J. H. Printz, F. . - Trimble, Sinclair *
Boyle, OM. Dormer, J. M. Henderson, J. A. McDonnell, M. J. Reeaudiat, A. J. P. Ward, L. P.
Brvant. John ■■• Duffin, E. J. Hodge, Lou . Michelson, Leo Reed, C. N. White, W. J.
Butler, T. M. Edgar, W. F. Hooper, J. E. Middleton, A. B. Rickard, J. G. ■ Wilson, U. G.
• Buchanan, C. A. Ellinghouse, E. C. January, \V. H.
CHRONICLE CHAPtL-M. Dobrin, Chairman.
Allen, J. B. Cullen, C. ■ Gately. T. B. Higglns. H. E. Lawler, H. J. Pray, P.W.
Alexander, G W Davidson. A. D. Gnekow, F. E. : Horn, N. R. Lindsay. Matt Schleeel, E. L.
Armstrong, W. Devine, K. P. Gibb, Harry • Hughes, David Lonan, George H. Sparrow, A. R.
Branch, G. H. Eger, W. F. Hackett, H. L. Hunter. H. A. Minor, B. T. Streeter. E. E.
Collins, J. C. Fish, L. E. Harlow, J. C. Irving, W. F* Morse, J. A. Torres, Z.
Collins, R. Francis, D. G. Hart, R. r"- Kirk. W. S. . O'Brien, J. M. "Wainwright, J. 8.
Crowell, G. C. Forbes, \V. H. Hearn, Thomas JT. Knell, G. H.
DAILY REPORT CHAPEL— J. W. Kelly, BULLETIN CHAPEL— J. T. Houston, POST CHAPEL— E. R. Bushnell, Chair-
Chairman. _. *, ; • , ■ ( hairman. • ' ''/   v man.
Bunker, G. W. Murphy, j. A. Crittend«>n, C. E. • -'"■ Johnston, J. M. Ackerman, W. C. - Mansfield, C.
Coffin, O.C. Oiofson, J. L. A. Dillon, G.B. . - Locke, J. E. , Hawkes, C. E. Murschel, A.
Cohen, Morris Sargison, E. K. .Green.'Joseph , Older, H. ' Howard,' 0. A. Sawyer, S. T.
Cowpertnwaite, W. Titlow, J. O. Hazeltine, W. J. Phillips. F. , ,IsraelsKv, Leo Smith, C. C.
Hennessey, J. F. "Wandress, F. : Houston, J. T. ' Pierce, Miss E. B. • James, R. A. Beaton, H. J.
H^ister.E.C. W hite, D. R. . Hiegins. R. . Prentiss, J. A. , Johnson, A. J. , Wright, W. A.
Kilian, A. , Wilcox, J. E. Irving. Miss M. ' w . , ' "
Competency it the agent were re
quired to return tne fee, Mr. Fitzgerald
replied that in that case an injustice
might be done to the agent, but that
no law on any subject could be framed
that wouia not injure somebody. He
added as an instance of dishonesty that
one emrloyment tirm in San Francisco
sent 8000 men to the Guadalupe Railroad
section near San Jose to do work that
could be done by 600 men. His informant
was Mr. Hood of the Southern Pacific
Company, he said.
He added thai be had been informed that
in yesterday's issue of a newspaper was
an advertisement from one firm calling
tor 600 men, when in fact he did not be
lieve that the employment agency had
places for sixty.
Mr. Morgenstern closed the argument
by reiterating his statement that ihe bill
was a Democratic job. If it was not for
political capital why did those niass
meetings pass resolutions that it was not
for political effect.
Mr. Fitzgerald replied that the resolu
tion was passed became Employment
Agent Ready had stated six months ago
that the resolution was for political effect.
Mr. Morgenstern argued that the object of
the bill to establish a free labor bureau
was to drive all employment agents out
of the business The Labor Commissionet
would be a competitor in business.
Senator Morehouse called attention toa
clause requiring the Labor Commissioner
to keep secret the information be might
gain from his inspection of the books of
employment agents. He did noi believe
that the Legislature had a right to pass a
law fixing fees or compensation so low
that the a.ents could not make a living.
He did not know whether 5 per cent was
a sufficient or an insufficient compensa
tion for the employment agent. If the
agent had to advertise or look abuut to
find a suitable man he did not think that
5 per cent was s reasonable compensation.
Agent Hansen was asked to describe to
the committee the manner in which he
transacted his business in the matter of
furnishing help to employers. Mr. Han
sen told of the labor involved, of the ad
vertising expenses, of the correspondence
with employers and of the other details
that take up the time of the employment
agent.
"Suppose that I wanted a skilled type
writer in my office, how would you set
about getting me one?" asked Senator
Morehouae.
Mr. Hansen explained that he kept a
register of applicants, with the length of
their experience and their capacity, their
references, etc. For this no charge was
made. The charge ior getting a position
was 10 per cent for a position of that kind.
There were other places for which only 5
per cent was charged.
Mr. Hansen said that he averaged 400 or
nOO men per month. He had four persons
in his office assisting him in the business.
In the majorfty of cases where a man was
earning $20 a month he did not charge 10
per cent; he took $1 or $1 50. or 50 cents.
He considered that the bill was an in
fringement on his constitutional rights
and Raid -that if it became a law he would
close his door and take his name off it.
Mr. Murray next made a statement. He
made charges against Uansen and other
agents and created much lacgbtcr. The
committee then went into executive ses
sion at 12:35 A. m.
The committee at 1:15 A. m. decided to
recommend the passage of the bill with
some slight amendments in the wording.
LOCAL LABOR VIEWS.
Commissioner Fitzgerald Favored
as a Champion of Socialism.
Most of the local trade union leaders
favor the Fitzgerald bill in a general way.
because they regard it as a step toward
socialism, and they are anxious to stop
the abuses that have existed among cer
tain labor bureaus in the past.
Theodore Lynch, speaking of the mat
ter, said : "Fitzgerald and his crowd
might make political capital of the affair,
but it is a step in the right direction any
how — a movement toward pure socialism
—and it is such a millennium that all true
friends of labor hail with joy.
"Those who denounced The Call, how
ever, made a wild leap in the dark, lor
The Call simply gave the news of what
the employment agents were doing; gave
their speeches and contemplated move
ments, thus patting us in possession of
real information."
Labor Agent Ready said: "This is a
scheme of the Examiner to get our advertis
ing away from The Call. The Examiner
sent as an agent named A. P. Sinclair, in
troduced by tbeir Mr. A. Atkins, and be
agreed to give us a page to fight Fi:zger
ald and to aid us if we would take our ad
vertising away from The Call. When
we refused to accede to iheir terms they
began to work on the labor unions."
P. Ross Martin said: "Bills similar to
Fitzgerald's have been adopted elsewhere.
They are one step toward socialism, and
socialists welcome them."
John W. Alexander, carpenter and labor
orator, said: "I am opposed to Fitzgerald
and his bill. It is only a political scheme
and it will cut many a workingman out of
a job. None but the Commissioner's
political friends can ever expect any
favors if you once wipe out private indus
try in the agency line. It is a delusion to
imagine that any political scheme of this
kind is a move toward socialism. It is
only a plan to give fat jobs to a lot of ex
haberdashers and political bums now in
politics."
Sam McKee of the Ironmolders' Union
does not take much stock in the State
Labor Bureau or in any undertaking it
may have. He said: "I do not see what
particular good this bureau is as it has
been conducted in the past. It was cre
ated for the laboring classes, but it has
been converted iiito a soft snap for politi
cians. All the statistics it has gathered
in the past have been taken from the
daily newspapers, and as a rule the Labor
Commissioners have published reports
of labor matters to suit the employing
class.
"The latter have been able, by means
best known to themselves and the Com
missioners, to have published in the
annual Reports just such matter as best
suited themselves and without regard to
facts. This Free State Employment
Bureau subject is savory of political bun
combe, with an increase in the appropria
tion from the State and a corresponding
increase of good places for the pol itical
friends of the Governor and the Commis
missioner.
"Fitzgerald may be sincere in his efforts,
but who can tell wuai sort of a stick the
next Labor Commissioner will be. And
as to this union, I do not believe that as a
Continued oh Second Page.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
WRECKED BY
THE REBELS
Dynamite Used to Blow Up
the Spanish Gunboat
Relampago.
NAVAL TACTICS WITH
OUT A NAVY.
Insurgents Cause Consternation
While Regulars Are Ascend*
ing a River.
BIG TORPEDOES PLANTED IN
THE CHANNEL.
While the Shipwrecked Crew An
Struggling in the Water They
Are Fired Upon.
HAVANA, Ccba. Jan. 18.— Though the
insurgents have no navy, they do not hes
itate when the opportunity offers to attack
the Spanish warships. The latest instance
of this kind occurred yesterday morning,
when a Spanish warboat was sunk by an
explosion of a torpedo and many of her
occupants were iost.
The rebels had made an attack on
Guama, some distance up the river, in the
Province of Santiago de Cuba, and the
Cuban trooparfearing that they wouhl not
be able to hold it asked for assistance from
Manzanillo, on the coast. Saturday night
the gunboats Centeneli and Relampago
left Manzanillo under orders to ascend
the river and protect the forts.
The commander of the gunboats made
all possible speed in running up the river,
but when they began to ascend the stream
ttiey proceeded very cautiously, susptctiug
the rebels might have planted torpedoes in
the channel.
All went well until the gunboats were
opposite a place called Mango, when, de
spite all the precautions that had been
taken, the Relampago struck a -.torpedo.
Instantly there was a terrific explosion
and masses of water were hurled to a
great height. The boat had a hole torn in
her and she immediately began to sink.
Those on board the ship who were not
injure! jumped into the river and made
their way as best they could to Centeneli.
As soon as it was seen what had happened
to the Relampago the Centeneli's boats
were ordered to the rescue. The rebels
appeared to be in strong force on both
sides of the river and when they *aw the
Spaniards in the water they directed a
heavy rifle fire on them.
The Centeneli opened fire, but as their
positions could only be determined by the
smoke from their guns, it is not believert
any serious losses were inflicted upou
them. When the C nteneli's boats went
to the rescue of the men struggling in the
water, the rebels fired upon them, but the
Spaniards bravely proceeded in their work
of rescue until all the men had been
taken from the water.
The commander of the Centeneli was so
seriously wounded that doubts are held as
to hii recovery.
The Centeneli returned to Manzanillo,
where the news of the disaster caused in
tense excitement.
Official reports of the accident say that
the commander, second mate and three
engineers of the Relampago were killed,
and her boatswein, second omcer and four
sailors wounded.
The pilot of the Centeneli was killed in
the pilot-house, and the engineer and
gunner and several sailors wounded.
HORRORS Of WARFARE.
Women Among Those Arrested and Im-
united With Criminal.*.
KEY WEST, Fla., Jan. 18.— The follow
ing Havana news has been received here:
By order of the civil government of Puerto
Principe the following distinguished per
sons have been arrested in this city : Con
cepion Monegrante, widow of General
Sanchez, and mother of Benjamin, Calixto,
Armado, Alfredo and Eugenio Sanchez,
all in the revolution, the latter (Eugenio)
being Gomez' physician; Maria Agnilar,
sister of Antonio ' Aguilar Varona, ex-
Cuban civil Governor of Puerto Principe.
It is also rumored that President Cisueros
and other prominent citizens have been
arrested: also Jose y Liquias, Carlos Adan
y Masvidal, Ramon Bosa y Bosa, Ajjra
monta Bosa, Jose Mora Pera, Vincente
Ramerez y Lerlesma and many others.
The city is terribly excited, not only on
account of these arrests, but also on
account of the suppression of El Pueblo.
Citizens wishing to leave are unable to
do so, the Government prohibiting their
departure. The condition of the jail is
frightful. There are no accommodations
for ladies, and those arrested are confined
with common criminals.
Gomez was last reported at|the rancho
La Camp'ana, near Sancto Spiritus. There
are many rebel movements in that section
and Remedios. Gomez appears to be
making a concentration of rebel forces
preparatory to a formal advance. Tha
Government is rushing troops to that
section and establishing a strong line on
the border of Matanzas and Santa Clara
provinces.
It is said Gomez has given orders to
begin the skirmishing policy and press no
tights with itie troops, but harass them
until the dry season is over. It appears
Gomez will not come to Havana province
yet, knowing he woul'i be caught in a
trap, as this section affords no facilities
to deploy his forces. There are no woods
or hills, and besides it is crossed with too
mnny roads, railroad towns at a short dis
tance, etc. Then, too, Weyler would
throw on Gom'Z 10,000 men Weyler has
in hiding. Gomez knows Weylor's plan
and is too smart to be caught.
The condition of things is becoming
alarming. Smallpox has extended to all
wards of the city and has assumed fright
ful proportions. The death rate is 47 per2
cent. Smallpox has been officially de
clared epidemic.
The censorship is more rigorous than
ever. The publication of all news of the
burning of the cane field, farms, es
tates, etc., known to be occurring in all the
provinces, especially in Havana, is pro
hibited.
The news reaching the city is never
printed. Pre>s censorship is exerted over
the local correspondents, and they are not
allowed to transmit important engage
ments or rebels' movements.
WIN A VICTORY IN COURT.
Cuban Insurgent* Gain a Decision in
the Three Friends Cane.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., Jan. 1&-The
Cuban insurgents won a decided victory
in the United States court to-day when
Judge Locke rendered a decision in the
case of the United States vs. the steamer
Three Friends. He decided that no state
of war existed and no law had been vio
lated. The libel afsrmed that "the Three
Friends was then and there furnished,
fitted out and armed with one certain gun
or several, the exact number being un
known to the United States attorney, with
ammunition, there to be employed in the
service of certain insurgents or persons in
the island of Cuba, and with the intent to
cruise or commit hostilities against the
subjects, citizens or properiy of the King
of Spain on the island of Cuba." To this
the exception of the respondent's answer
was: "That said libel does not show that
the vessel was so armed or fitted out or so
furnished with the intent thai such vessel
should be employed in the service of any
body politic recognized or known to the
United States as a body politic" ; : ';"
The answer of the libelaut, the United
States Government, to this exception was
that the law as Bet forth in section 5283 of
the Revised Statutes did not require that a
vessel that was subject to condemnation
for violation of the section should be em
ployed by any body recognized by or
known to the United States as a body
politic. The point made by the respondent |
was that the statute contemplated a con- i
dition of war already existing, and that
when no war existed there could be no
violation of the statute. The case was
then suggested as to how the state of war
was to be determined. It could come only
by action of Congress. It was far beyond
the power of the judiciary to determine
the fact. In other words the insurgents
must be recognized as belligerents before
the statute could be violated. The court
sustained the exceptions of the respond
ents and gave the libelants ten days to
file an amended complaint.
If a new libel is not tiled within that
time the $1000 bond is to be canceled and
the vessel released.
LABOR AND THE LAW
Continued from Firtt Page.
body it cares a bit whether the State runs
the employment bureaus or not. These
men go from shop to shop when tht-y
want work, and they never go near
bureaus of any kind. 1 '
W. T. Boyce, for the past year presi
dent of the Ironruolders' Union No. 164.
slated that be is in favor of tbe Fitzgerald
bill for the establishment of free State
employment agencies and said: "These
private employment agencies have been
and are now the worst kind of swindles.
Hardly a day passes but that Eome poor
fellow who can't afford to lose a cent is
ruthlessly robbed by these sharks.
I j"ln many cases these fellows have an !
agreement with some one who employs
large numbers of men. The applicants
for work are charged \fee and s nt to the
confederate, who gives them work for a
day or two and then sends them adrift
without reason, cause or excuse — or
money. Another batch of laborers, who
have paid the employment agent for their
positions, are put to work and they in
turn are sent away.
"And so it goes.one crowd alter another,
until the poor as a whole are made still
poorer, and these robbers reap the unjust
profits and grow rich. It is simply a le»al
manner of robbing men and there is no
redress. Put me down for any chance
that will put a stop to this nefarious sys
tem of stealing from the poor and needy."
L. D. Gardner, president of Carpenters'
and Joiners' Union No. 483, spoke as fol
lows: "The o'd system of conducting
private employment agencirs is simply a
system of robbery under the guise of a
legitimate business. From what I can
learn as many men have been robbed as
benefited by these private employment
agencies.
"Maybe, the new proposed free agencies
or bureaus would be seized upon by the
politicians; but even so, the poor people
could better afford tbe expense or their
support by taxation than to be bunkoed
out of what little they baye when they
need that little the most. As I under
stand it, tbe bill does not propose to ab-
Bolutely abolish j rivate enterprise in this
direction, but it does propose to make the
private employment agents deal honestly
with their patrons and the public, and for
this reason if for no other I hope the bill
will pass."
Joseph Walters, secretary of the Brew
ery Workmen's Union, said: "1 am in
favor of tbe bill. It will practically do
away with these bunko agents, who rob
men by taking tbeir money without giv
ing the equivalent in positions. I would
like to see these private agencies abolished
altogether.
"They are the worst enemy that orga
nized labor has to contend against.
Whenever there is any trouble between
labor and capital these agents step in and
furnish the capitalists with scabs, who
take the places of the men who have quit
work. Ido not believe that a free bureau
would take such a part in case of trouble
between an employer and bis men. I
believe that the State should furnish the
unemployed with the means of making a
living, by bringing employer and laborer
together, free of cost to both.
Guy Latbrop, manager of the* Labor Bu
reau Association at Ololj Market street,
said:
"I am in favor of the Fitzgerald free
employment measure. In Illinois, Ohio,
Minnesota and other Slates the plan has
worked with success. The Governors of
those States have practically placed the
matter out of politics and selected Labor
Commissioners on merit alone.
"These Commissioners have had the
exclusive right to select tneir own assist
ants. The wotk of the bureaus have been
carried on in a systematic and business
like metnod, and great benefits have re
sulted to those who really need assistance.
1 don't see why the pian should not work
in this State, and I believe it wilL"
Senator Hill's Empty Honor.
ALBANY, N. V., Jan. 13.— The Demo
cratic members of the Legislature met in
the Assembly to-day and tendered David
B. Hill the empty honor of candidate for
United States Senator. Senators Coffey
and McNulty of Brooklyn and Guy of
New York and Assemblymen Cain and
Zarn of Brooklyn bolted the caucus.
WOULD SHE THE
STATES FUNDS
Evidence That the Wave of
Econcmy Has Struck
the Senate.
Withington Startles Atiaches by
the Introduction of an
Amendment.
It Prcvides f)r a S.ving of Ab ut
$800 a D-.y During the Session
of the Legislature.
SACRAMENTO, Cal , Jan. 18.— There
was evidence to-ilay that the wave of
economy superinduced by the exposure of
extravagance in the preliminary organiza
tion of the Assembly has struck the
Senate. Senator Withingtoo rather
startled that body this tnomina when he
introduced a constitutional amendment
providing as follows:
The officers of the two houses, other than
the president and speaker, shall be a secretary
of the Senate and t'lerlt of thj' Asaenibv and
such assistants as they may appoint, but the
clerical expenses of tne Senate shall not cx
ce t 'd $2Ou per aav fur each session, nor trios:
of the Assembly $200 per day lor oach session.
The secretary of the: Senate and the clerk of
ihe Assembly shall be required to give bond
and security tor the faithiul discharge of their
respective duties.
\v : at this wou-'d mean can be imagined
from the fact that the present daily ex
penses of both houses in the shape of sal
aries of attaches, covered by this proposed
measure, reach nearly $1200, of which $700
is paid by the Assembly. Under the
Withington amendment the total daily
expense for both branches could not ex
ceed $400.
"Tbat's a stem winder, "• ejaculated one
of the clerks after the meaure had been
read. "But it will be smothered iv short
order in committee," he remarked consol
ingly to a fellow-attache, who had not yet
time to recover his breath. And this is
the general impression.
Withington states that he got the idea
of the measure from Speaker Coombs and
Governor Atkinson of Georgia, who was
an honored guest of the Senate to-day.
Senator Wolfe carried the Pesthouse
fii,'ht into the Legislature to-day. At tbe
request of the Ashbuiy Heights and Pan
handle Improvement Club he introduced
the totlowing measure:
Section 1. It shall be unlawful for any per
son or corporation to establish, locate, place
or maintain any hosDital, sanitarium, build
ing or other structure used or intended to be
used lor the reception, care or treatment of
any person or persons afflicted with any con
tagious or infectious disease, in any city,
county or city and county of this State within
3000 feet of any lake, pond, river, creek, ditch
or reservoir, ihe water of which is or may be
used for domestic purposes other than iv said
institution. >"or shall any person or corpora
tion receive, accept or treat any person
afflicted with any contagious oz infectious
disease in any such hospital, sanitarium,
building or other structure which Is within
3000 feet of any lake, pond, river, creek,
ditch or reservoir, the water of which is or
may be used for domestic purposes other than
in said institution.
Sec. 2. Every person and any director,
trustee, officer or agent of any corporation, or
eny person who shall violate section 1 of this
act, shall be. guiliy of a misdemeanor, and
shall be fined in a sum not less than $50 and
uot more than $500, or shall be imprisoned
in the County Jail not less than ten nor more
than 180 days, or by both such fine and im
prisonment ia the discretion of the court.
Sec. 3. This act shall take effect immedi
ately.
If this is passed it will effectually pre
vent the building of the Pesthouse on the
Atmshouse tract. The recent conflict of
authority between the San Francisco
Board of Health and Board of Education
relutive to tho closing of certain schools
alleged to be infected with diphtheria is
sought to be avoided in future by the foi
lowing measure, introduced by Senator
Wolfe:
The Board of Health of every municipality
and of every coun:y in the State shall have the
same powers with respect to the adoption and
passage of ordinances relating to matters of a
sanitary character and to such matters which
affect or relate to the health of such munici
pality or county * * * as are now or may
be hereafter conferred upon the Common
Councilor other covenant; body of such mu
nicipality or the Board of Supervisors oi such
county.
Every violation of any ordinance so adopted
or passed is hereby declared to be a misde
meanor.
In all cases of conflict between the or
dinances ot any board of health and those
of tbe local governing body the latter are
declared to be paramount. t This would
virtually make the boards of health co
ordinate legislative bodies with the local
boards of supervisors, counciimen and
trustees, and would give them valuable
and extended powers for preserving and
protecting tbe public health.
The bill for tbe issuing of bends not to
exceed $1,000,000 for the construction of
tbe seawall southward from Mission
street to Channel was introduced by Braun
hart to-day. To-morrow he will present
an amendment to the county government
act, providing that all county officers hold
office for only two years, instead of four
as at present.
DONE IN THE SEN ATE.
Some Important J-illn and Resolutions
Are Introduced.
SACRAMENTO. Cal., Jan. 18.— After a
lengthy discussion this morning the
Senate finally rejected Dickinson's reso
lution to prevent tbe introduction of bills
"by request." The vote wa«: Ayes 18,
nays 16.
The entrance of Governor Atkinson of
Georgia caused an interruption of the
regular business. Tbe vi.-itor was intro
duced by Lieutenant-Governor Jeter.
Gilletie introduced a constitutional
amendment to allow the Legislature to
divide the State into fish and game dis
tricts and enact laws for their regulation.
Measures were iniroduced as follows:
By Voorneis — Appropriating $5000 for
more land for the Preston School of
Industry; $15,000 for a reservoir at the
same place; $81,500 for additional build
ings and $10,100 for an ice plant. Also, a
bill giving firemen retired fcr disability a
pension ot $25 per month.
By Smith — Concurrent resolution call
ing on Congress to pass the .Nicaraguan
Canal bill. Adopted.
By Witnington — Constitutional amend
ment limiting the extenses of each house
of the Legislature to $200 per day.
By Lucbsinger— Joint resolution calling
on members of Congress and Senators to
take steps to have a channel dredged from
San Fablo Bay to Mare Island Straits.
Adopted.
. By Ilollaway — Appropriating $35,000
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 19, 1897.
MR. PORTER, Assistant Minute Clerk of ths Senate, in a Beautiful Attituch of Repose.
for the California Home for the Feeble
minded, and to admit epileptics and idio's
to this home. Aiso appropriating $15,000
for a storage reservoir, and $105,000 for ad
ditional buildings at the home.
By Wolfe— Giving boards of health
power to execute and enforce sanitary
legislation ; also prohibiting the location
of any hospital or sanitarium for the
treatrunt of infectious or contagious dis
eases within 3000 feet of any lake, pond,
creek, ditch or reservoir.
Adjourned.
WORK IN THE ASSESMBLY.
Majority and JHin-rlttt Report* on Chief
Cleric Duckworth'* Conduct.
SACRAMENTO, Cau, Jan. 18.—Ma
jority and minority reports on Dryden's
resolution to appoint a special committee
to investigate the acts of Chief Clerk,
Duckworth, were presented in the Assem
bly to-day. Vosburg, on behalf of the
majority, reports the amount actually |
paid without justification of law, except ]
as explained at some length, is $3296 30,
and suggests the immediate passage of a
law to limit the number and pay of em-
ployes.
The minority report, presented by Kee
gan, finds that tbe chief cleric appointed
thirty-nine attaches who were not statu
tory officers and entailed an unnecessary
expense of over $3000, and recommends
the appointment of a committee of three,
with power to administer oaths, to fur
ther investigate the matter.
Both reports were made the special or
der for to-morrow on motion of Dibble.
The Committee on Retrenchment re
ported a resolution forbidding the grant
ing of leave of absence to committees for
t c purpose of visiting institutions. The
Committee on Contested Elections alone
excepted. Referred.
Bills were introduced as follows:
By Jones — To prohibit unauthorized
persons wearing the rosette of the Loyal
Legion.
By Gately — Relative to the propagation
of shrimps.
By Henry — Prohibiting the imposition
of license on Califorr la-tnade articles.
By Bettman — To enable consolidated
cities and counties to use voting
machines.
A recess was taken until 3 P. M.
A bill was reported by the Ways and
Means Committee appropriating $75,000
for the State Printing Office. It was put
upon first reading.
Tbe bill forbidding a county officer act
ing as notary public was recommended
for passage.
Ttie Speaker announced that as Emmons
was absent he would not name a com
mittee to investigate the purchase of fur
niture until his return.
The Senate concurrent resolution on the
Nicaraguan canal was^ taken up under
suspension of the rules and, after dis
cussion, was made a special order for
to-morrow morning.
SENATOR WITHINGTON, Who Is After the Attaches* Salaries
With a Great Big Ax.
Upward of twenty bills were introduced,
among which were four by Caminet:i
making appropriations for th" lone School
of Industry, and others by Dibble to com
pel witnesses to appear under subpena
is^uea by the board of healtn, and by
Sims for the construction of a guberna
torial residence at Sacramento.
The joint rule 3 were adopted and
ordered Drinted.
Caminetti introduced a resolution call
ing for a report from tho Harbor Commis
sioners relative to railroad affairs along
the water front of San Francisco. North
opposed the resolution, which was, how
ever, adopted, but notice of reconsidera
tion was given.
A motion to adjourn was lost and the
third reading of the file was called up.
Treacy's bill providing that $2 per day
shall be the minimum wage raid on all
"public works was the only bill on the file.
It was supported by Tieacy, Dennery and
Shanahan, and opposed by Belshaw, Chy
noweth and Brid^f rd, Chynoweth stating
that the bill would operate disastrously
against irrigation districts.
Bri;ipford offered an amendment ex
empting irrigation vQistricts in counties of
the second class from the operation of the
law. Lost.
Tbe bill was then pas-ed, only nine
votes being recorded against it. Ad
journed.
PASSED IN THE ASSEMBLY.
The Bill Fixing the Hate of Compensa
tion for L<>bor on Public Works.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 18.— The de
bate of the day in the Assembly was on
AssemDly bill 17 fixing the minimum rate
oi compensation for labor on public works
at $2 per day. *
Chynoweth of Anaheim was the first to
object to the third reading and passage of
the bill. He said that it would impose a
very great hardship on poor counties like
Orange and might prevent them from pro
ceeding with public works now under way
because of the additional expense. The
town of Anaheim was putting in an elec
tric light plant, and was paying laborers
$1 50 a day. If that sum were raised
to $2 a day the town would be unable to
go on with the work because the proceeds
of the bonds sold for that purpose would
be inadequate.
Valentine of Los Angeles raised the
point that the bill was inoperative because
no penalty was provided. He favored the
proposed law and suggested an amend
ment that all contracts for public work
should contain a proviso that the work
men should be paid not less than $2 per
day, and that the contracts should be
void if the contractor violated its pro
visions.
Briclgford, Democrat nnd Populist from
Colusa, wanted to'have irrigation districts
and public highways outside of city, ci;y
and county and swamp land districts ex
empted from t-e provisions of the bill.
Treacy of San Francisco, the author of
the bill, replied to the effect that contract
ors in irrigation districts paid their men
$1 50 a (fay and charged them 75 cents a
day for board. Ou Sundays and holidays
when a man did not work he was not al
lowed any pay, but wa-> charged for his
board just the same. In San Francisco
contractors paid their men on.y 90 cents a
day.
Belshaw thought it was a dangerous
precedent to establish. Some man would
next offer a resolution to the effect that a
contractor should pay $10 a thousand
more for his lumber or $2 a thousand
more for his brick.
The bill was finally passed by a vote of
59 ayes to 7 noes. It will now have to run
the gauntlet of the Senate and the Gov
ernor before it can become a law.
AN IRRIGATION SQUABBLE.
Long- Standing fnnfliet Jtrn'tred at a
Joint Committee Meeting.
SACRAMENTO, Cal , Jan. 14.— At a
joint meeting to-night of the Senate and
Assembly Committees on Irrigation it
was decided to bold a similar meeting on
Thursday next at 7 :30 p. m. to hear sug
gestions on the subject of which those
committees have charge. Tne meeting is
to be open, and outsiders will be beard,
but musi present their views in writing.
After this had been determined Dibble
ingenuously asued if there was not some
one present who would like to speak on
tne subject of irrigation. Of course, there
was, and the long-standing conflict be
tween Ihe Wright law advocates and its
opponents was reviewed, to the edification
of a few members and the evident dlsgnst
of the veterans.
T. J. Blake of Modesto was the first to
take advantage of the opportunity to
castieate those who he declared were en
gaged in a "gigantic swindle." He added
that more than $400,000 had already been
expended in the Modesto irrigation dis
trict and the ditch had not yet even been
cut into the district proper; it had not
even reached one of its boundaries. In
the Turlock district, he claimed, $600,000
had been spent without bringing a drop of
water for irrigating purposes into the dis
trict. He charged that the directors who
had charge of the expenditure of these
vast sums of money were elected by means
of what he termed the "floating" vote, an
irresponsible element, which was used to
defeat the wishes of the taxpayers. x
His remarks were supplemented by
those of C. W. Eaton of Modesto. He
stated that the figures of Blake were
wrong, and that $300,000 in Modesto and
$1,200,000 in Turlock would have to be ex
pended before either could expect to get
any benefit from the canals now beipg
constructed under the su ervision of the
respective irrigation distric- directors. He
disavowed any intention of charging de
liberate fraud on any one, but he thought
the directors were not generally men com
petent to handle such vast sums of money,
and lost t eir head?.
One of the most unjust features of tbe
Wright act, he said, wa3 the clause pro
viding only one year for the redemption of
property sold by the irrigation district
directors for taxes. He believed the
Legislature should amend this section so
as to extend the time for redemption, and
that the penalties should be reduced. He
had a bill, which he would present at the
next session of the joint committed on
Thursday.
He afterward explained that his bill
extended the period of redemption to two
years and male the penalty only ten per
cent every six months on tbe amount of
the delinquent tax. The present law
exacts fifty per cent of tbe delinquent tax
and two per cent per month. His pro
posed bill also gives delinquents whose
time of redemption has expired and
whose property is still in the hands of tbe
irrigation district, three months from the
passage of the bill to redeem.
Wright, the author of the act which
bears his name, has announced that be
will appear before the committee on
Thursday. An exciting session is antici
pated, as ti.ere is promised to be some
interesting encounters between the irri
gation district factions, and he is expected
to lead the ti^ht on •behalf of his measure.
DIBBLE'S GREAT ENERGY.
By Si* Dreltir* Action Be It the leader
*n tht /Harmltly.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 18. — The
casual victor to the Assembly chamber
cannot fail to be im tressed with the fact
that Judge Henry C. Dibble of San Fran
cisco is the leader of tue Republican ma
jority in that branch of the Legislature.
He is & man of commanding presence, has
a good clear voice and distinct articula
tion and is a worker from Old Troy, for he
works like the proverbial Trojan. Al
though the author ot a large number of
highly important bills and belonging to
some of the most important ct mmittees
of t!ie Assembly, he is never rattled and
no question ot importance comes before
the Assembly that does not find him pre
parea to take an active Dart.
For instance, when a question came up
this afternoon with regard to the hours
during which the two postmistresses of
the Assembly should remain on duty,
Judge Dibble stated that the reason wuy
there wt<re two postmistresses was
they could divide up the time.
"When I became a member of the
Assembly," he said, "I was prepared to
work eighteen hours a day, and I do work
eighteen hours a day." This statement is
absolutely true. There is no harder
worker on the floor than Judge Dibble.
Judge Dibble has remarkable energy.
Nothing of importance seems to escape
his attention. He is often on his feet, not
to make windy speeches, as many of his
Democratic colleagues do, but to make
motions, all of which are designed to save
time and prevent confusion. The Judge
is specially active when the interests of
San Francisco are at stake. He took the
leading part to-day in a discussion on a
Senate joint resolution regarding the
early completion of the Nicaragua canal.
The canal, he said, would bring San Fran
cisco 3000 miles nearer to Europe than the
present route by way of Cape Horn.
"The canal," he said, "will make San
Francisco the greatest seaport of the
world. It will bring to San Francisco the
commerce of Asia. It will make this
State the proudest seaboard on the globe
in the course of time.. There should be
no hesitation en the part of the- Legisla
ture to indorse the measure."
On Judge Dibble's motion the matter
was made the special order for to-morrow
morning.
BATES' BIG DREDGER.
Great Jtesults Clairwd. for this Wonder-
ful .Itachin*.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 18.— If the
claims of Mr. Bates, inventor, are correct,
his dredger is one of the most useful and
wonderful machines in the country. It
will work a revolutionary era in farming,
hydraulic mining and river navi.ation,
and will relieve Californians dwelling
along river bottoms of an enormous ex
pense incurred in building mammoth
Jevees. The claim made is that the
dredger can make a channel forty feet
wide and twenty feet deep at the rate of a
foot a minute. The greatest capacity of
the best and largest dredger in the State
is 3000 cubic feet in tweuty-four hours,
while that of the Bates dredger is 6000
cubic yards in one hour.
Judson C. Brusie, clerk of the Commis
sioner ot Public Works, predicts wonder
ful things for the new dredger, and \s
working for the passage of a bill appropri
ating $300,000 for the purchase and opera
tion of one of the Bates dredgers, to be
used on the Sacramento and other rivers.
The shoaling of the Sacramento by reason
of crevasses and sluggish currents has
tilled up the bed of the stream so much
that in certain low locations farmers have
built levees 100 feet wide at the base, forty
feet wide at the top and fifty leet high.
Even these are beginning to be unsafe,
and the time has come when the sandbars
and shoals must be removed and the cre
vasses closed.
Mr. Brusie says that civil engineers are
unanimous in the opinion that the re
moval of the Newton Shoals will remove
the evil. The shoals are near Rio Vista
and not far trom the mouths of the Sacra
mento and San Joaquin rivers. Here the
river is about 2000 leet wide and only two
feet deep. In 1854 the depth was eignt
feet and it has been gradually filling up
ever sine. By deepening the river at this
point to about six feet and by narrowing
it to the average width of the stream it
will by increasing the speed of the cur
rent clean itself out and deepen the chan
nel, thus preventing breaks and overflow?.
With the Bates dredger this work could
be done very cheaply and ezpeditiously
and would relieve farmers of the vast bur
den of expense in building and maintain
levet's, the cost of which has ranged as
high as an average of $30 per acre in ma*iy
localities.
The miners will be benefited by the
dredger also, for the deepening of the
channel will so increase the speed of the
current that the silt escaping from the re
straining dams in the hydraulic and min
ing regions will be carried away by the
stream.
The bill provides that the dredger shall
be built in this State. '
TO REDUCE STREETCAR FARES.
Braunhart'.t Bill Before th« Senate Com
mittre on Corporation*.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 18.— At the
meeting of the Senate Committee on Cor
porations this afternoon among the im
portant measures that were under consid
eration was the bill reducing streetcar
fares to 2\i < ents between the hours of 6
a. M. and 8 a. m. and 5 p. M. to 7 p. m.
It is contended by some of the members
of the committee that such an act if
passed would work an injustice to the
smaller cities, but the author of the bill
declined to accede to any propositi n ex
empting any cities or towns from tne oper
ation of the measure. He argued that the
privilege of a franchise should at least be
worth this much of a concession to any
streetcar line. Action was deferred until
Thursday.
For the Affi iated Colleges.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 18.— At the
meeting of the Senate Finance Committee
to-day the sum of $125,000 was reappro
priated for the Affiliated Colleges. This
amount was appropriated by the last
Legislature, but had lapsed.
Delaware's New Senator.
DOVER, Del , Jan. 18.— The Democratic
caucus reconvened after midnight and
elected General R. R. Kenny for Senator
on the twenty-sixth ballot. The nomina
tion of Kenny is virtually a victory for
the silver men, although his real attiude on
the money question is unknown. He was
a member of the Democratic Na ional
Committee and supported Bryan. When
Bryan visited Delaware, he was enter
tained at Kenney's home.
BLACKWELL'S I- . WANT ~~~~~"
A BtflcS" :sl)UffiillB '
' illlfK _ H-/V an dNOOTHEF? -
GENUINE V^vy I Xv \ W^Maar*
Yon will find one coupon k **v_ : ' y -**^^ / J rv7fsT~
Inside each, two ounce bag, ■ 1 1^""^^"^"^"^"^^^/^% ~~ *^^r* ■ )^ 111 \jL i ==>
and two coupons Inside each || //^JB^M ■ it^^? ■ i i I
four ounce bag of Black- I L— -___ ft^/^^SM ,JJ" ■ i I — '
well's Durham. Buy a bag _ ■ ■■ C "^Jisjw lmPl!!f**<fl ;| \ I
of this ;■• celebrated ■ tobacco SSS^j^ffZ^^j^ iJP^^nLJ^fllfffe^ '
and read the coupon — which *^\ \ Jmb^A(
gives a list of valuable pres- PT^SbhsSSTIiS
eats and how to get them. ",„--"- ,t M *s ft*» WJPp iTi^ j III"! ' .
TAKE
YOUR CHOICE
WILL YOU BE
Wise -or- Foolish
Weak- or- Vigorous?
Puny ■ or ■ Powerful?
Manly- or- Bashful?
Nervy -or ■ Nervous?
Now it has to be one thing or the other
with you, and no one is to be blamed il
you choose foolishly. Pool mortal that
you are, why do you keep on and on in
your folly? That lassitude, that shaking
—which sometimes almost amounts to
paralysis; those fears of death; that bash-
ful and weak-kneed way that you hare
of getting around, and that knowledge
that you have that you get no joy out of
life that is worth speaking about— all
these thlnjrs are signs that you are suffer-
ing from tnat dangerous disease Nervous
Prostration. Get rid of It 1 Yes, get rid
of it, and start in at once. There's him
and. strength and manhood and virility
and vigor ahead for you if you.want them.
■^HUDYAN—
The marvelous remedio-treatment that is
used at the Hudson Medical Institute,' the
great white building at the corner of Ellis,
Market and Stockton streets, has. saved
thousands upon thousands from all the
horrors that you are afflicted with, and
your case is by no means too far gone.
Go there or write and ask for circulars
and testimonials aDout this grand remedy.
Why, in thirty days you won't know your-
self, and no matter whe\her you have got
kidney, liver or bladder trouble; whether
you have bad a bad case of blood-poison-
ing and have a face and a body covered
with bad pimples and blotches, or whether
you are run down and unable to perform
the big functions of nature — it will be all
I the same to those wonderful physicians.
j You ask what they will do for you! They
will curs you and make a whole man of
yon. '
DR. PIERCES
IS THE BEST. .
, A PERMANENT CORE.
Flainsbubo, Cal., Nov. 5, 1896.
Dr. .fierce it Son, San Francisco.
GEKTtEMSx-The fifteen-dollar Belt haa been
received and delivered, but have not beard from
-. r vi" i> the erson yet about the
. ,'s\-. >,-^> •?■■'*?/! .>t. A. result, but lam not afraid
of him comin? back on
#wK^^4|TMk me. as I used one of your
Eg£??^'' i^'-^pZ?ssGj Belts nine (9) years ago
H???T->-i-\iiLv£^— «^fWm »wd have never been
JlfcMfy»3TMP^ troubled with pains in
•^?S>P»l3f=H*Sj^ my back or hips alnce.
:^2xJti/.-' i yi So you see why I am not
■"V <G».f* "■ ' afraid to recommend your
isE^? Belt to anyone suffering
W with a weak back, pains
In the hips and side, as I was, because it will cure
them — never to be doubted.
I remain yours to help the sufferer,
UEO. A. KAHL,
$£3~ There are no -quack" doctors connected
with our establishment. Our electric belts cure
without drugs Prlc s reasonable! No robbery!
Established 1875. .-end for free "Pamphlet No.
2." Magnetic Klastic Truss Co. (Dr. Pierce *
Son). 704 Sacramento St.. cor. of Kearnv, second,
third and fourth floors. Branch office, 640 Market
St., below Kearny. 3. F. ■
I*. A. Bertellng Pres. H. Nordman, Vlce-Pres.
A. W. Kirk, bee. Jos. Nordman, Tress.
427 KEARNY STREET,
Is the very best place to have your eyes examined
and fitted to glasses with Instruments exclusively
our own, whose superiority ha* not yet been
equaled.
we have no rivals. We value onr reputation;
we guarantee satisfaction, and depend solely upon
the merits of our work for success.
Ely's Cream Balmj§pp||
Cleanses the Nasal W^'*fefi teii?!
Passages, Allays Pain WHrfmr* (Th 3 i^M
and Inflammation, IfcJr""** 298 > ML
Restores the Senses of IBS *SJs&Mga
Taste and Smell. ggj _i^"^Ja
Heals the Sores. P^23^\,^^^^a
Apply Balm Into each noitrtl Vi£&&^\S&£iyus£2ii
■LT BROS.66W>rr»n tt.N.Y EBgrvg > 'i^'^S3
& pate: nts! 3
MARKET ST.S.F:%s3^
g~\»ll II !»■■ I Jill..- - . . • • ■ . . ■ .
IWITH DUE MILITARY
AND CIVIC HONORS
Impressive Funeral of the
Late Minister Willis
at Honolulu.
Blue Jackets and Marines Joined
National Guardsmen in
the Precession.
It Was the Most Elaborate Manifes
tation of Mourning Sinci the
Death of Kalakaua.
HONOLULU, Hawaii, Jan. 11.— The
funeral of the iaie Albert S. "Willis on
Friday attcrnoon last was the most elabo
rate event of the kind that, has occurred in
Hawaii since the death of Kalakaua. All
the Government buildings were closed for
the day a* well as all the courts and with
very few exceptions all the business
houses. Flags were at half mast all over
the city and on the shipping in the har
bor, the Stars and Stripes predominating
to a great extent.
Up to the time of the removal of the
body from the residence a corporal and
Jour marines from the Onited States
steamship Alert stood guard over the re
mains, together with representatives from
the Foreign Office detailed tor the purpose.
At nooti on Friday the body was taken
to the Executive building, escorted by
marines from the Alert, the coffin being
completely hidden in the folds of a large
American flag. The handsome coffin was
trimmed wita velvet and richly mounted
in silver. A guard of honor from Com
pany E of the garrison troops, unaer the
command of Captain Coyne, bore the
coffin to the building, while the rest of tne
garrison was lined up at the entrance.
The coffin was laid upon a bier in the
middle of the main assembly hall, form
erly the throne room of the monarchy.
The position was the same as that occu
pied by the body of King Kalakaua when
lying in state.
The body was dressed in a black mourn
ing suit, the face of the dead Minister be
ing revealed beneath a glass lid. It
looked exceedingly natural. There was a
peaceful expression on the face, as of
sweet sleep. At the head of the coffin
stood Colonel Soper and Major lalKe, of
the President's staff and representing him,
while at the foot were Captain's Asnley
and Garten berg of the field staff, a guard
of honor from the regulars being ranged
on either side. Major Potter and A. St.
M. Mackintosh of the Foreign Office and
E. R. Stackable of the Finance Office rep
resented the Cabnet Ministers.
Upon the guard of honor being estab
lished the public were admitted, and filed
slowly around the coffin, pausing at the
.head to take a last look at the honored
countenance. Besides prominent men of
public and private affairs, the visitors in
cluded many workingmen, who took ad
vantage of th« noon lioar to pay tneir
respects to the memory of the distin
guished American representative.
About the base of the bier and lying
upon the coffin were numerous floral
tokens from all classes of society. Promi
nent among the senders of these loving
tributes were British Commissioner
Ha'wes, the Foreign Office, Mrs. W. G.
Irwin, Mrs. H. A. Widemann, Mrs. F. W.
Macfarlane. Mrs. W. O. Smith, Mrs. Dil
lingham, the Misses Afong, the Justices
of the Supreme Court, Pacific Tennis Club,
Mystic Lodge, K. of P. ; Mr. and Mrs. S.
M. Damon, Mr. and ilrs. Ellis Miln and
a host of others. Miss Dulaney, sister of
Mrs. Willis, sent a beautiful anchor of
roses; the Christian Church a basket of
purple and white asters; President and
Mrs. Dole a large basket of white flowers;
the Hui Aloha Aina, a native patriotic
organization, royal palm flowers, the
floral offerings being numbered by the
hundreds. There never has been a time
In the history of this land of flowers and
sunshine when Honolulu has been so
completely denuded of flowers as at the
present time and never a funeral in the
history of the country when they were so
freely used.
At 2:30 o'clock the starboard watch of
the Alert landed and marched to the rear
of the Executive building. A portion of
this battalion was detailed as body
bearers, and at 2:45 received the casket
from the guard of honor in the building
and conveyed it to the hearse at the rear
Btairs. From tbere the remains were
taken to the Central Union Church, a few
blocks away, under escort of battalions
from the Alert and the Guard of
Hawaii.
Long before the hour set for the service
the church was crowded, many hundreds
of natives being assembled outside and in
the building. When the funeral proces
sion arrived there was not standing room
in the big cburch and a vast crowd
thronged the vicinity.
The procession slowly wended its way
along the aisle, Rev. James M. Monroe of
the Christian Church, under whose minis
trations the dead minister bad sat so often,
read from the Scriptures the solemn words
beginning wiih "I am the resurrection
and the life."
The casket was placed just in front of
the pulpit, the pall- bearers occupying the
nearest pew. They were M. Louis Vossion,
Consul and Commissioner of France; F.
A. Scbaefer, Consul for Italy and dean of
the consular corps; Commander F. Han
ford, United States steamship Alert;
Hon. S. M. Damon, Hawaiian Minister of
finance; A. de S. Canavarro, Charge
d'Affaires and Con&ul-General for Portu
gal; A. G. S. Hawes, Her Britannic Ma
jesty's Commissioner; Japanese Consul-
General and Diplomatic Agent Snimamura
and W. Porter Boyd, Vice- Consul for the
United States.
Immediately following the remains
came Mrs. Willis, supported by Ellis
Mills (the United States Consul-General
and Charge d 1 Affaires), Albert Willis (the
only son of the deceased), and Miss
Dulaney (sister of Mrs. Willis) and a
number of their immediate friends.
After the reading of the Scriptures a
select quartet from the church choir sane
"Peace, Perfect Peace." Rev. D. P.
JJirnie, pastor of the church, who assisted
in the services, read another selection
from the Bible, being followed by the
singing of "Abide With Me" by Miss
Grace Richards. Mr. Monroe offered up
an earnest prayer, and Miss Kate McGrew
Bang the beautiful solo from Handel,
"Augels Ever Bright and Fair." The
Lord's Drayer was then repeated by the
entire congregation, led by Mr. Birnie,
the quartet sang "Lead, Kindly Lijht,"
the benediction was pronounced and the
services were over. At the express re
quest of Mrs. Willis no sermon or eulogy
was delivered. The hymns and solos sunn
were selected by her and were old favor
ites of her late husband.
The church was boautifully decorated
with flowers, ferns, palms and potted
plants, the American nag being con
spicuous on either side of the organ. Im
mense palm leaves ran up from the sides
of the choir, the railing of which was com
pletely hidden by masses of cut flowers
and ferns. The many floral offerings were
disposed about the pulpit platform and
in front thereof.
At the conclusion of the services in the
church a platoon of police marched up to
the doors and led the way for the proces
sion. They were followed by the Govern
ment baud of twenty-eight pieces. Then
came the grand marshal, Colonel McLean,
and the following staff all mounted: Cap
tain Bhaefer, chiel aid; Lieutenant-Col
onel J. H. Fisher, Major C. B. Cooper,
Captain W. G. Ashley, Captain J. M. Ca
maraand Captain E. O. White. Follow
ing them came the entire First Regiment
of the National Guard of Hawaii under
the command of Major McLeod and the
battalion from the Alert. The pallbearers,
in carriages, came next, the hearse follow
ing and the body-bearers. The officiating
clergymen, family of the deceased, at
tending physicians and chief mourners
came next. Following were President
Dole and his aid, Major Potter, Hon.
Henery E. Cooper, Minister of Foreign
Affairs and the Chief Justice of the Su
preme Court, Circuit and District Court
Judses, Senators and Representatives,
Captain Hanford and officers of the Alert
and all the members of tne consular corps
and foreign diplomats. Then came Oahu
Lodge No. 1 and Mystic Lodge No. 2 of the
Knights of Pythias, to which order the de
ceased belonged. Immediately following
came a delegation of more than 100 mem
bers of the Hawaiian Patriotic League and
the general public in carriages and on
foot. The funeral procession was over a
mile in length, and was the largest since
that of Kalakaua.
The route from the church to the ceme
tery—over a mile — was lined with specta
tors. Reaching the gates the military
formed on either side and the procession
passed through. The Alert's battalion
went into the cemetery and took up a po
sition near the Paty vault, where the re
mains of the lamented Kate Field so
lately rested, and which was now to re
ceive the remains of another distin
guished American. The large cemetery
was so crowded with people that Colonel
McLean deemed it wise to order the
troops to remain outside the gates.
At the vault the quartet sang another
hymn; Rev. J. M. Monroe read the Scrip
ture lesson; Miss Grace Richards sang
"Asleep in Jesus"; Rev. Mr. Birnie pro
nounced the benediction, and with "taps"
from the drum corps of the Alert the im
pressive services came to an end.
During the march to the cemetery a sa
lute of fifteen guns was fired at intervals
of one minute from the Government
building. _______^_______
WAR ON TRUSTS AND COMBINES.
Nebraska Will Be an Unhealthy State
for Manipulators of the Prices
of Farm Products.
LINCOLN, Nebr., Jan. 18.— The Legis
lature of NebrasKa has declared war on
trusts and the first move looking to the
enforcement of the statutes began to-day
in the Senate with a long resolution in
troduced by Senator Dearing of Cass
County (Fusionist). Following is the cist
of the resolution:
Whereas, There is an association or com
bination of persons in Nebraska, organized for
the purpose of controlling the prices of iarm
cereals and restricting competition in buying
and selling of the same; and whereas, said
combination or organization is formed and
operates to restrain trade, and tnereby iostar
a trust that fixes and controls the prices paid
for all larm proQucts; now, therefoie,
Resolved, By the Senate of the State of Ne
braska, the House of Representatives con
curring,that the Attorney-General be and he is
hereby authorized and insiructed to proceed
at once to en' jrce the provision of the statutes
in such cased provided: and, further, that he
be instructed to urge county attorneys, in
every case where combinations are known to
exist, to institute proceedings to compel the
officers and members of all corporations or
combinations so existing to forfeit their right
to do business in Nebraska.
The Nebraska law provides for a for
feiture of business on conviction, a fine
and imprisonment or both.
SEADING CORN TO INDIA.
Food for Sufferer* of the Famine to Go
From Thin Country.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 18.— At s meeting
of the Methodist ministers of Chicago
to-day it was decided to co-operate in a
plan originated by Rev. R. G. Hobbs, sec
retary of the Illinois Conference and pas
tor of the Centenary Cnurch at Jackson
ville, to send corn to the starving people
of India.
Mr. Hobbs has asked the farmers in the
vicinity of Jacksonville to make contri
butions of corn for the relief of the famine
sufferers and met with ready response,
the farmers to put the corn on the cars.
The plan was suggested to Rev. S. B.
Leonard of New York, secretary of the
Methodist Missionary Society, who sug
gested that the corn be shipped to Chicago
and the proceeds be used to buy old corn
for shipment in New York. Mr. Hobbs
suggested and asked the ministers to
handle the corn when it arrived here. A
committee was appointed for that pur
pose. _
A MANIA FOR BOOK- STEALING.
Plea of a Waterloo College Profetior
Who la Under Arrest.
BOSTON, Mass., Jan. 18.— Carl B. Chris
tenson, who says be is a professor in
Waterloo College, Waterloo, lowa, is
unaer arrest here, charged with stealing
sixty-three books from the public library.
Christ«nson admitted taking the books,
hut asserts thai he i« impelled to do such
things by a force over which he has no
control.
Most of the books taken from the Bos
ton public library were histories. Thirty
volumes were found in his room, with
several volumes bearing the bookmark of
the Hartford public library. Many of the
books taken from the library here have
been sold, and the police say that they
have witnesses to prove that'Christenson
is the man who sold them. Chrlstenson
was detected by a description furnished
by a second-hand book-dealer who pur
chased books from him.
FOUND FROZEN TO DEATH.
Youthful South Dakota Hunter Caught
in a It Hazard.
BIOUX CITY, lowa, Jan. 18.-While
hunting near Elk Point, S. D., late yester
day, W. J. Murphy, aged 17, became sepa
rated from his companions and was frozen
todeatb. When first missed he was sup
posed to have returned home, and not
until late in the day did searching parties
start after him. His body was found at
noon to-day. There was a flurry of snow
lasting about an hour yesterday afternoon,
and it is thought Murphy lost his bear
ings during the storm.
Requisition for a Murderer.
CHICAGO. 111.. Jan. 18.— Detective
Cedarburg of the Chicago-avenue station,
armed wiih a requisition from Governor
Tanner, left to-day for Portland, Or., to
bring back John Bingham, who was ar
rested in Portland. He is wanted in Chi
cago for the murder of Gustave Collender,
a politician, in November, 1895.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 19, 1897.
Rfemains of the Late Minister Willis Lying in State at the Executive Building, Honolulu.
IVORY BEFORE A
BRITISH COURT
Pleads Not Guilty and the
Trial Is Formally
Opened.
The Prosecution Narrates Events
Leading to His Arrest
in Glasgow.
Every Effort Will Be Made to Prove
His Complicity in a Dynamite
Conspiracy.
LONDON, Esq., Jan. 18.— The trial of
Ed ward J. Ivory, alias Edward Bell, of
New York, who was arrested in Glasgow
on September 13 last, charged with con
spiracy to destroy life and property by the
use of dynamite, was begun in the Central
Criminal Court of the Old Bailey this
morning, Justice Hawkins presiding.
Ivory's counsel comprised Messrs. J. F.
Taylor.Thomas Mathews and Cecil Dwyer.
Solicitor-General Finlay, Solicitor Sutton,
Q.C., C. F. Gill and Mr. Bodkin appeared
for the prosecution on behalf of the
Treasury.
Mr. J. R. Carter, second secretary of the
United States embassy, and United States
Consul-General Patrick A. Collins were in
court. Ivory was well dressed and ap
peared to be perfectly composed. He
pleaded not guilty.
After the prisoner's plea had been en
tered Solicitor-General Finlay proceeded
to narrate the evenu ieading up to the ar
rest of Ivory in Glasgow, beginning from
the time he left New York.
Mr. Taylor, for the defense, objected to
the introduction into the case for the pres
ent by the prosecution of anything that
had taken place outside the jurisdiction of
the United Kingdom which was calculated
to operate to the prejudice of the prisoner.
Justice Haweins overruled the objection.
Mr. Finlay then stated to the court and
the jury that there were two charges
against the prisoner. The first of these
charges, he said, was that of conspiracy
with Tynan and others to cause explo
sions, endangering life, and the second
charge was that of conspiracy with the
same parties to cause explosions which
would endanger property.
Mr. Findlay went on to trace Ivory's
movements and actions after his arrival in
Great Britain, and called attention to the
fact of his having endeavored to find cer
tain men whom be could engage to actu
ally cause the explosions. He next spoke
of the prisoner's letters, in which be said
the words "finding stock" meant rinding
agents. These letters, he contended,
showed that the prisoner was acting in
concert with Tynan and Kearny.
The Solicitor-General proceeded to read
another letter in which the prisoner had
written these words: "Things look very
bad fot me as regards London stock, so
much so that Billy Burt won't do."
This letter, he said, proved that Ivory
had been engaged in making inquiries in
London similar to those be had made in
Glasgow in an attempt to engage men to
cause the explosions. Counsel then read
a letter written to Ivory by Tynan in
which the writer said, "We must have
self-respect from the men— not men wno
are losing their manhood through drink.
We are both capable of doing this business
personally in any event."
Mr. Findlay, continuing his argument
said that the evidence which the prosecu
tion would produce would linK Ivory with
the doings of Kearny in Antwerp, and
also show that the prisoner belonged to
the order of United Irishmen. He would
also bring evidence to show that Ivory
had attended a secret meeting of the Uni
ted Irishmen in Chicago and that he had
left the United States in concert with Ty
nan, Kearny and Haines.
At the conclusion of the opening argu
ment by Mr. Findlay, the taking of testi
mony was begun.
The first witness called to the stand was
Julius Opholßer, a waiter employed in the
Victoria Hotel in Amsterdam. Opholster
produced the register of the Victoria
Hotel, showing the arrival on August 30,
1896, of an American who gave the name
of Wilkins. He was accompanied by a
man supposed to be a German.
Clerks employed in the St Pancras
station hotel in London identified the
prisoner as having arrived at the hotel on
August 26 last, and registered under the
name of Edward Bell.
A chemist named Peckham
Ivory as having applied to him for the
purchase of a large quantity of sulphuric
acid.
Thomas Charles Jones, a chemist, testi
fied that Ivory had called at His place of
business and asked to purchase twenty
five pounds of chlorate of potassium, say
ing he wanted it for the purpose of mak
ing experiments.
Solicitor Taylor, for the defense, cross
examined the witness with great severity
as to the identity of the prisoner as the
man who had called at his laboratory.
Associated with the prisoner's counsel,
wnich also includes Solicitor Charles Rus
sell, son of Lord Chief Justice of Eng
land, is Mr. John F. Mclntyre, formerly
Assistant District Attorney of New York
County, who was engaged by Ivory's
friends to come to England and assist in
his defense. It has been said that Mr.
Mclntyre would perhaps be permitted to
plead on behalf of Ivory, but it is now
known that his action in court will be
limited to aiding the other counsel for the
defense in an advisory capacity. Mr. Mc
lntyre watched me proceedings closely
and occasionally conversed with the other
lawyers as the case went on.
Witnesses from Antwerp were called to
testify when Mr. Taylor interposed, say
ing that no sufficient foundation had be ;n
laid by the prosecution upon which to
show concerted purpose or action on the
part of Ivory with the other alleged con
spirotors. Ivory and the others, he ad
mitted, had been seen drinking together
and there had also been an exchange of
letters between the prisoner and Tynan,
but these circumstances furnished no evi
dence of the existence of a conspiracy.
The admission of the Antwerp testi
mony was postponed.
The manager oi the Hotel Havre, at
Havre, testified to the arrival of four men
at his hotel, who were supposed to have
been ivory and bis three alleged asso
ciates.
The court then adjourned.
WASHINGTON CABINET GOSSIP.
Senator Perkins Wants a Secretary of
Mines and Mmmg — McKenna May
Not Accept.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 18.—Sena
tor Perkins is preparing a bill which he
will soon introduce, providing for a new
Cabinet portfolio — that of Secretary of
Mines and Mining. He believes that this
place should go to California.
The Cabinet sharps are still at work
making slates for President-elect McKin
ley. The treasury secretaryship is what
bothers them most since Mr. Dingley has
declined it, likewise Allison of lowa, and
Mark Hanna, who was mentioned for the
place, wants to be Senator from Ohio. It
is, of course, conceded that Senator Sher
man will be made Secretary of State, and
it was pretty well settled by the gossips
to-day that Long of Massachusetts will be
Secretary of the Navy; Goff of West Vir
ginia, Attorney-General; Henry C. Payne
of Wisconsin, Postmaster-General; ex-
Congressman Wilson of lowa, Secretary
of Agriculture; General Alger of Michi
gan, Secretary of State.
It is conceded that Judge McKenna of
California can be Secretary of the Interior
if he wants toe place, but it is considered
doubtful whether he would be willing to
resign his present life position unless he
received an assurance from the President
elect that he will be appointed to the first
vacancy on the Supreme bench. If he
should decline the honor the place might
be offered to ex-Senator Charles N. Felton.
BLISS REUSES TO ACCEPT.
So Some Other >>ie Yorker Will Enter
McKinley'* Cabinet.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 18— It has be
come necessary lor the Republicans of the
State to put forward a candidate for Mc-
Kinley's Cabinet in place of Cornelius N.
Bliss, who, for personal reasons entirely,
could not accept the proffered portfolio.
In view of this situation an important
conference of Republicans was held last
night in the Fifth-avenue Hotel. It is
well known that McKinley desires to give
a Cabinet place to New York, and Bliss'
withdrawal has become a matter of uni
versal regret.
There is talk of putting forward Bliss as
the Republican candidate for Mayor of
Greater New Yore. He could thus re
tain his home in New York and at the
same time be of service to the Republican
party.
Meantime, who is the representative to
Deselected for a place in McKinley's Cab
inet? The conference adjourned last
night without arriving at a decision. It
was the opinion, though, that he will be
known within a few days, and that then
McKinley will be asked to take under
consideration the name presented to him.
A ligeld for Senator.
SPRINGFIELD. 111., Jan. 18.— The
Democrats of the Fortieth General Assem
bly met to-night m caucus and unani
mously nominated ex : Govemor John P.
Altgeld as their candidate for United
States Senator. The nomination was
greeted with enthusiastic applause. The
steering committee selected Joseph P.
Maloney of Cook County and Representa
tive Joseph O'Donnell to present the name
of Governor Altgeld to the House to
morrow.
SOUTH DAKOTA BLOCKADES.
Heavy Snowdrifts Delay Train* in All
HURON, S. D.. Jan. 18.— During the re
cent snowstorm eight inches of heavy
snow fell and was b:own into drifts and
railway cuts by a forty-mile-an-hour wind.
The Chicago and Northwestern train due
here Saturday evening from the south
was caught in the snowdrifts nearCavour,
arriving here this moining thirty-six
hours late.
Tho train from the East was held at
Brookings, but wiil reach here to-night,
when trains will be sent west and north.
No effort will be made for several daya to
raise the blockade on the Great Northern.
The temperature is warm and no stock
losses are likely to result. The storm ex
tended over the State from near the Min
nesota line into North Dakota and west
into the Black Hills.
MORGAN FOR THE
NICARAGUA CANAL
Prompt Action of Congress
Urged by the Ala
bama Senator.
Would Give No Opportunity for
the British Government
to Step In.
Insists on the Bill Being Either
Passed or Defeated Without
Farther Delay.
WASHINGTON. D. C, Jan. 18.—Sena
tor Sherman (R.) of Ohio was in his seat
at the opening of to-day's session of the
Senate, and was compLmented by many
of his associates on his prospective trans
fer to the premiership of the McKinley
Cabinet. Senator Cameron (R.) of Penn
sylvania was also in his seat, and for
some time held a colloquey with his col
league, Senator Quay, andoiber Senators.
Among the curious petitions and me
morials presented during the morning
hour was one by Peffer (Pop.) of Kansas
for some of his constituents, urging such
an amendment to the constitution as will
rcauire the Supreme Court in ruling
against the constitutionality of a law of
Congress to submit its ruling first to Con
gress, as in the case of a Presidential veto,
and if Congress snail insist upon it the
act shall be deemed constitutional.
A petition from the Bankers' Club of
Chicago, urging the ratification of the ar
bitration treaty, was presented by Cullom
(R.) of Illinois, and referred.
Quay (R.) of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds, reported back the bill intro
duced last week by Murphy (D.) of New
York to provide for the erection of a cus
tom-house in New York City, and it was
placed on the calendar. It limits the cost
to $5,000,000, and fixes on the present cus
tom-house site.
The legislative, executive and judicial
and the military academy appropriation
bills were reported and placed on the cal
endar.
Chandler of New Hampshire introduced,
on behalf of Wolcott (R.) of Colorado,
now in England, an act to provide tor the
representation ot the United States by
commissioners at any international mone
tary conference hereafter to be called.
The bill was read in full. It provides that
whenever, after March 4, 18i)7, the Presi
dent of the United States shall direct that
the United States shall be represented at
any international conlerence called by
the United States or any other country,
wituaviewto securing by international
apreement a fixed relative value between
gold and silver as a -money, with free
mintage at such ratio, i c shall be author
ized to appoint live or more commission
ers to such conference, and it appropri
ateg $10o,UOO to cover all expenses.
Chandler stated that the bill was in the
exact language of the three previous acts
providing for representation of the United
States at international conferences, except
the insertion of the words "free mintage
at such ratio." The bill, he added, pre
sented but a single point and one which
all Senators understood. He asked unani
mous consent that the bill be taken up to
morrow for consideration without being
referred to any committee, and there being
no objection, it was so ordered.
The concurrent resolution prohibiting
the use of any part of the new library
building for other than library purposes,
was passed.
Petiigrew (Sil.) of South Dakota of
fered a resolution calling on the Secretary
of State for information as to the doings of
the Venezuela commission and also to fur
[ nisi) a copy of the agreement on the sub
| ject between this country and Great
Britain, which has already been submitted
to the Government of Venezuela.
Gray (D.) of Delaware suggested that
the resolutions should be referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations, but fet
tigrevv pieferredtbat.it lie on the table,
saying that he would call it up to-morrow.
The army appropriation bill was taken
up, Quay being in charge of it. The bill,
as reported, appropriates $23,129,344, or
$2000 more than the House bill, this item
being an increase of the appropriation for
the signal service. The total is $155,558
less than the total for this fiscal year.
There was no discussior., and the bill was
passed with no other delay than that re
quired for its reading rapidly by the clerk.
A bill to provide lor a permanent census
was introduced by Chandler (R.) of New
Hampshire and referred to the Committee
on Census.
The House oleomargarine bill was re
ported to the Senate and Gear(R.) of lowa
moved its reference to the Committee on
Interstate Commerce.
Hill (D.) of New York thought that the
proper reference was to the Committee on
Agriculture, and at the suggestion of
Cockrell (D.) of Missouri the bill was laid
on the table for the present.
At 2 p. m., when the morning hour
closed, a motion was made by Morgan (D. )
of Alabama to proceed io the considera
tion of the Nicaragua canal. The motion
was agreed to.
The President's messige transmitting
the report of the commissioners appointed
to inquire as to the feasibility of construct
ing a canal between the Great Lakes and
Atlantic O;ean was laid before the Senate
and referred to the Committee on Com
merce.
Tlie Nicaragua canal bill was again
taken up, and Morgan (D.) of Alabama
addressed the Senate. He said that the
Committee on Nicaragua canal was unani
mous in its ap-proval of every feature of
the bill. He was satisfied that it was the
best bill yet presented on the subject. It
was more conservative and left more
power in the hands of the President than
any other bill. He mentioned the names
of ex-Senators Edmunds of Vermont and
Brown of Georgia, as enthusiastic friends
of the Nicaragua canal bill, and said that
from all over the United States— East and
West. North and South, and in the cen
ter — it had been supported both in the
Senate and House by men who had con
curred mo>t heartily in regarding the pro
ject as one of indispensable National
necessity, and as one affecting the Na
tional glory and honor.
In the course of his speech Morgan said:
If we do not pass this measure, how are we
to prevent Nicaragua from saying, "Congress
has abandoned the project, and now the Gov
ernment of Great Britain has a right to come
in?" I insist on this bill being passed now or
on its being defeated right now.
We have got matters lying just in front of us
relating to the arbitration of differences be
tween the Governments of the United States
and Great Britain. I want to know wnat the
differences are. 1 want to know what we are
signing our names to in ratifying this treaty.
If the differences relate to the Monroe doctrine
or to the Clayton-Bulwer treaty 1 want to
know. If this is to be an American canal,
under American control, I want to know it. 1
want to know whether we are prepared to
settle a difference of that kind or a difference
in relation t«5 the Monroe doctrine by a court
to be established through the triumphage of
King Oscar of Sweden, or whether it is to b*
settled by the strength and power of the right
arm of the United States, duly asserted in de
fense of its rights.
Morgan then went on to discuss and ex
plain the financial features of the bill,
and said:
If the decision of the Senate is against this
bill on the ground either that the canal is im
practicable or that it would cost too much,
or that it might involve us in conflict with
foreign Governments, express that voice. Let
these men, the directors and managers of me
company, go, and let us no longer stand as
a shadow over them or as an obstacle be
tween them and other parties. Let ut either
accept the measure or discard it, or let us take
our ground where honor and justice calls.
After Morgan closed his speech the bill
went over as unfinished business, and the
Senate, after a short executive session, ad
journed at 5:15 until to-morrow.
HOUSE PROCEEDINGS.
The Day Spent in Contideration of Mit
erlinneout Matter*.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 11.— The
House began business to-day by passing a
bill reported by tne Indian Affairs Com
mittee to prohibit the sale of intoxicating
drinks to Indians.
On motion of Sherman (R.) of New
York a bill was passed extending for two
years the time of completion of the Kan
sas, Oaklahoma Central and Southwestern
Railway through Indian Territory and
Oklahoma.
A special order was "reported from the
Committee on Rules, making private pen
sion bills the order for to-morrow.
On motion of Sherman (R.) of New
York, a bill authorizing the construction
of a bridge across the Rio Grande at El
Paso, Tex., was passed.
On motion of Draper (D.) of Virginia a
bill was passed relating to patents. It
provides that the granting of a foreign
patent to the same inventor or his assign 3
shall not affect the United States Datent,
unless the application lor such foreign
putent was filed at least six months prior
to the application in this country. The
bill provides that the term of two years in
which an inventor can complete his ap
plication may be reduced to one year and
an additional section provides a statue of
limitation in patent cases.
A special order from the Committee on
Rules making private pension bills the
special order tor to-morrow was adopted.
Then the house took up District of Colum
bia business for the rest of the day.
TO BE TALKED TO DEATH.
tale That Probably Awaits the Harrison
Refunding Bill.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 18.— It
seems to be the general belief here that
the Harrison bill for a commission of
Cabinet officers to arrange a settlement of
the Pacific roads debis will be reported by
the House Committee and that it will pass
the House of Representatives. Senator
Gear said to Judge Maguire to-day that
the bill would not be considered in the
Senate until the House had disposed of it.
Judge Maguire does not favor the Har
rison bill and will oppose it vigorously,
but if he sees that it is bound to pass the
House he will propose an amendment
providing that the commission to be ap
pointed shall not report any plan which
contemplates refunding. The Harrison
bill (or Gear bill) is almost certain to fail
in the Senate. The Californians are con
fident it cannot become a law, as Senator
White and other Senators will talk it to
death.
NEW TO-DAY.
WB fi?
I Ar3\- cy a\ /r^
I ii SAVED.
! iflfi!!iiiii ■ $9.35
c if If ''lß ' ! '
$15 Suits for $5.65.
We've a thousand Suits and Overcoats to sell this
week Suits we've regularly sold at $15, and worth
every cent of it. But they are not $15 this week, nor
$10, but cut right down to $5.65! \ :
All-wool, single and double breasted sacks, in Cas-
simeres, Cheviots and Scotch Tweeds ; strong, long-
wearing fabrics of latest patterns, dyed in the yarn and
warranted not to fade. They are made up by experi-
enced tailors in fashionable cut ; hard bone and horn
buttons ; linen stays to pockets ; silk sewed throughout.
Overcoats are fashionable Blue Kerseys and Light:
Meltons, handsomely tailored in correct styles.
f \'\): , • Money cheerfully refunded if they are not satisfac-
tory. Kept in repair one year free. •
S. N. WOOD & CO.
(COLUMBIAN WOOLEN MILLS),
541 Market Street,
Directly Opposite San some.
3
FROM OCEAN TO
THE GREAT LAKES
Report of the Waterways
Commission Sent to
the House.
With It President Cleveland
Submits a Message Favoring
the Project.
Asks for an Economical Appropria
tion to Cover the Cost of
Preliminary Work.
WASHINGTON. D. C, Jan. 18.— The
President to-day sent to the House the
report of the deep waterways commission,
made in pursuance of an act of Congress
in 1895, its worfc being to make a pre
liminary examination regarding a deep
waterway from the ocean to the great
lanes. He accompanied it by the follow
ing message:
To the Senate mid House of Representatives: I
transmit herewith the report ol Messrs. James
B. Ancell of Michigan, John E. Russell of
Massachusetts and Lymau E. Cooley of Illi
nois, who were appoiuted Commissioners
under authority of law passed March 20, 1895,
to make inquiry and report after a conference
with such similar Commissioners as might be
appointed on behalf of Great Britain or the
Dominion of Canada, concerning the feasi
bility of the construction of such canals as will
enable vessels engaged In ocean commerce to
pass between the grcut lakes and the Atlantic
Ocean, and the most convenient location and
probable cost of such canals, together with
oiher facts and information in said act relat
ing to their construction and use.
The Commissioners have prosecuted the
work assigned them with zeal and intelligence,
resulting in the collection of a mass of in
formation embodied in their report and its
accompanying exhibits, which is of great im
portance and interest as related to the project
subjected to their examination.
The main advantages of direct and un
broken water transportation of the products
of our Western States and Territories from
convenient points of shipment to our sea
board points are plainly palpable. The re
port of the Commissioners in my opinion,
demonstrates the feasibility of securing such
transportation and gives grounds for the an
ticipation that better and more uninterrupted
commerce through the plans suggested be
tween the great West and foreign ports with
the increase of National prosperity which
must follow in its train will uot long escape
American enterprise and activity.
It will be observed that the report oi the
Commissioners, though as comprehensive as
the time and facilities as their disposal per
mitted, does not definitely deal with the cost
of the work they were called upon to considei
and omits some oi the other details related
to it.
Thus far they have labored without compen
sation and a part of the small sum appropri
ated for the payment of their expenses still
remains unexpended.
I suggest to Congress the availability of
making an economical appropriation for the
further prosecution oi iheir work which will
more surely develop their work to an exact and
complete understanding o! this important
subject. Grover Cleveland.
Movements of Warships.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. ia~ The
flagship Philadelphia, left Callao to-day
for Acapulco, Mexico, where Admiral
Beardilee will meet the battleship Oregon
next week. The Philadelphia will remain
with tne Oregon until early in March
when the latter vessel will return to San
Francisco and the admiral will go in the
Philadelphia to San Jose de Guatemala
to attend the opening of the Guatemalan
exposition. The Bennington and Marion,
which have been for some time engaged
in a survey in Salvador, arrived at La Li
bertad yesterday, having completed their
work.
Placed on the Retired List.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 18.— The
Commissary-General of the Army, Mar
shall R. Morgan, was placed on the re
tired list to-day on reaching the age limit.
It is confidentially asserted that his as
sistant here, Colonel Thomas Sullivan,
will succeed him.4
Gay REVEL
IN TRUCKEE
Denizsns of the Lowlands
Invade the Ice- King's
Domain.
SFOET ON SLEIGH AND
TOBOGGAN.
Skating, Coasting and Moonlight
Rides to Nearby Points
of Interest.
PILGRIM SHEINERS AT A COLI
OASIS.
Well Entertained by the People Who
Dwell at the Mountains'
Summit.
TRUCKEE, Cal., Jan. 18.— Truckee in
winter! What spot more attractive ior
the denizen of the orange land? Wha*
new pleasures are opened to those who
have spent their lives in the lowlands,
where Boreas never leaves the ermine im
print of his frigid fingers. The winter
carnival, now at its best, is a revelation to
even native Californians who have never
tasted of the delights which this moun
tain town affords its guests. It surpasses
all of its predecessors in every condition
which ministers to universal jollity.
Man and nature seem to understand
each other perfectly and co-ODerate
earnestly in an effort to make the fes
tivities of 1&97 memorable in the history
of this locality. From this it may be in
ferred that the weather is ideal — cold cer
tainly, but withal crisp and invigorating.
Bnow fell a iew days aco in sufficient
quantity to make the Bleighing good, but
subsequently ceased in time for the in
auguration of the festival. The sky to
day was without a cloud to threaten the
advent of unpleasant meteorological dis
turbances for some time to come.
lhe influx of excursionists began at an
early hour and continued with very little
intermission throughout the day. The
favoriie diversions were sleighing, skating
and tobogganing, though the piece de
resistance of the celebration was admit
tedly tha ice palace, which has proved, as
it well deserved to do, the great center of
attraction. It is indeed a thing of beauty,
but fortunately for those who are not well
disposed toward Jack frost it cannot be a
joy forever.
The first glimpse of daylight saw the
rink covered with skaters, many of whom
had not participated in this glorious exer
cise since the days of childhood, and
■when the merrymakers "heard the chimes
at midnight" they were still reluctant to
discard their skates and take their ease at
their inns, or wherever else their lives had
fallen. The tobogaan slide was even then
running and moonlight sleighing parties
were just returning from Prosser Creek.
It was, in short, a day oi unparalleled
and unbounded revelry. Never was the
ice so smooth, the snow so well packed,
the toboggans so swift or the air so full of
sunshine, song and laughter. Every one
in "Uncle Ben's" party of Shriners, who
came up from the lowlands yesterday,
voted the excursion the grandest ever
planned.* All the people in the surround
ing country turned out to share in the en-
joyment.
The coasting was the feature of the
afternoon, and many a tip-over occurred
to stimulate fresh outbursts of merriment
and friendly chaff.
One accident only of any consequence
temporarily interfered with the general
jollity. A long bob-sled containing a large
party of lady Shriners overturned at the
foot of Tower Hill, and a heavy sled
which followed closely in its wake dashed
right into a crowd of excited people who
had gathered in the vicinity.
{supervisor Daniel McPheters was struck
squarely and described an arc A medical
examination afterward showed that one
of the small bones of the leg bad been
broken by the impact. Mr. McPheters is
one of the most popular and distinguished
residents of the Truckee Basin, and his
misfortune is deeply regretted by the en
tire town.
But with this exception the sport of
tobogganing proved productive of none
other than the pleasanter emotions. All
sorts and conditions of men, women and
children indulged therein, and an occa
sional spill was always provocative of
huge delight on the part of spec
tators, and accepted with resignation
by the unhappy victims. Incidentally,
the coasters had to run the gauntlet of
a perfect storm o! snowballs every time
the ascent was made, and this phase of
mimic warfare furnished an absorbing oc
cupation for those who were not so fortu
nate as to possess sleighs or skates. It is,
perhaps, a trifle unpleasant to receive an
unannounced snowball on the back of the
neck while engaged in "maiden medita
tion, fancy free," but it Is de rigueur to
look pleasant and return the compliment.
Quite a party arrived yesterday from
Ban Francisco, among the visitors being
forty-two Mystic Shriners on one of their
pilgrimages. From Sacramento and other
way stations, similar bands of excursion
ists helped to swell the incoming tide,
until the town assumed the aspect of a
metropolis at holiday time.
The ice palace presented a superb spec
tacle at night, when countless arc anJ in
candescent lights shed their rays upon
its interior, which reflected them back a
hundredfold and in fantastic variety. The
scene reminded one of a stage-setting of
"cloud-capped towers and gorgeous pal
aces," destined to vanish all too soon and
leave "not a rock behind."
Falling barometers and steady west
windi indicate that those who come this
week may enjoy the cherished novelty a
little longer.
It seems too bad that shortsightedness
on the part of the company prevents the
attractions from being appreciated by
those who wish to come on other days
than Saturday and Sunday.
Yesterday's excursion, however, gave
new hope to the carnival company and it
is planning new attractions and prepar
ing additional novelties and spectacular
effects for future visitors.
No wis the time to visit Truckee. If the
Btorm comes it will be very welcome, bnt
it Isn't needed for sleighing, coasting or
anything else, except, perhaps, its own
intrinsic grandeur.
MOONLIGHT SCENES AT TRUCKEE'S WINTER CARNIVAL
JORDAN SPEAKS IN
STANFORD'S CAUSE
Why the University Should
Be Exempted From
Taxation.
Thirty Thousand Dollars Taken
From Its Yearly Income
by the State.
California's Poor Appreciation of the
Princely Gift From the Late
Senator.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cat,., Jan.
18.— Concerning the bills recently intro
duced in the Legislature for the relief of
Stanford University Dr. Jordan makes the
following statement:
In none of the Eastern States and none of
the countries of Europe are universities,
whether of public or private foundation, sub
ject to taxation. The general rule regarding
such matters is that all institutions which are
not for the purpose of making money, and of
which the income is all devoted to public pur
poses, aa those of education, scientific inves
tigation or popular enlightment, shall be free
from the burdens of taxation. In all of the
States, bo far as I know, except California, col
leges, public libraries, museums and acade
mies of science are also exempt.
In France they have a system by which an
institution is declared to be one of public
utility, and then, whether of public or private
foundation, it is exempted. If our constiiution
■were amended so as to exempt endowed uni
versities, public libraries, colleges and muse
ums outside of sectarian control, and of which
the whole income is devoted to public service,
from taxation, the change would be a wise
one.
There is no other State in the Union that
receives outside gilts iv co cold a, spirit, as
California, and for that reason there is no
large State which hag received so lew gilts.
TMs not because the State is really unfriendly,
but because its constitution and statutes were
framed before these matters came .to 19t con
sidered. For instance, when Mr. Rockefeller
founded the University of Chicago it was ex
empted from taxation and the citizens of Chi
cago furnished all the buildings, duplicating
dollar for dollar the millions which Rocke
feller gave. Mr. Stanford in making a larger
gift than Mr. Rockefeller's exacted nothing in
return, and has received nothing. It would
be fitting as a graceful act of recognition for
the State, which has already sent upward of
3000 students to Stanford University for their
education, to relieve the endowment from
taxation. Already through the generous way
in which Mr. Rockefeller's gift has been
treated tho University of Chicago is able to
expend twice as much each year as Stanford,
though the original gift was less.
The State of New York received Mr. Cornell's
gift of $1,000,000 in the same generous spirit
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 19, 1897.
and has added in one way or another some
$4,000,000 to the original endowment, besides
freeing it completely from taxation.
A few years ago Dr. Dohrn and his German
associates established in the city of Naples an
institution for studying the natural history of
the sea. Naples at once exempted the institu
tion from taxation, gave it a site comprising
an acre or more of froutage in one of Its fiDest
parks, duplicated the building, doubling its
capacity ana aided it materially in other ways.
Without going into detail I iay say that, i!
Stanford University had been offered to any
large Eastern city or to any city of Europe, ar
rangements could have been made without
difficulty to duplicate its buildings and re
lease its endowment from taxation. In Cali
fornia, however, out of its present income of
$150,000, more than $30,000 each_ year is
taken for State and county taxes, and the bal
ance of the $200,000 representing its annual
cost of maintenance is taken from Mrs. Stan
ford's private mean* — pin money which she
had saved up for the building of kindergartens
and for additions to the museum. As fast as
she is able to get control of the balance of her
husband's estate it will doubtless be turned
over to the university, but with the increased
income the taxes also increase. On the will
ingness of the State to relieve the institution
oi this burden in great measure depends its
future growth. Thirty thousand dollars a
year saved in the income of the university
means much. The continuance of several of
its most important departments, as mining,
engineering and law, depends on tnis saving.
For tne State to tax endowed institutions of
public utility like Stanford University, the
Academy of Sciences, the Throop Polytechnic
School and the Lick School of Mechanical Arts
is to rob Its own pockets. It takes money from
the highest use to put it to a lower. "A dollar
in a university," Emerson says, "is worth
more than a dollar in a jail."
In the original statute under which the uni
versity waa founded it is provided that the in
come is to be forever devoted to the purposes
of education, non-sectarian, and so far as may
be, free; in other words, to the same purposes
as are reached by the public school system of
the State. You will notice also that by the
constitution of the university the trustees are
required to make an annual report of their
actions to the Governor of the State of Califor
nia. In case of a failure on the part of the
trustees to conduct this trust aa a public trust
should be conducted, as for example, if they
should force sectarian tests, then it is the duty
of the State to take possession of the property
and carry out as a trust tb.6 intention of the
grantor. In other words, Mr. Stanford ar
ranged to make the university property prac
tically a gift to the State, but put its control
in the hands of a board of trustees so that It
could never be influenced by the political
changes taking place instate affairs; while
on the other hand he left It to the State of Cal
ifornia to *cc that the property was forever de
voted to its proper use.
STANFORD DEBATERS.
Tveenty Aspirants for Place* on the In
tcrcolleoint* Team.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., Jan.
18.— Interest in the preliminary debates at
Stanford has never been so great as it is
at present. Matters were so arranged this
year that a large number of students were
induced to compete. Although but three
can represent Stanford in the iritercol-
legiate contest, twenty are competing for
the positions. Many of the under-class
men do not expect to be chosen by the
judges, but with commendable spirit they
have persevered, trusting to the experience
obtained and to future debates for their
reward.
The question for the first debate to
morrow evening has been changed some
what from the original one selected. It is
as follows:
Resolved, That the use of injunction in cases
prominently affecting public interests la dan
gerous and unnecessary, it being agreed that
1. Injunction shall be construed as includ
ing the ordinary m^ans of enforcement at the
discretion of the court.
2. Dangerous shall be interpreter solely with
reference to the sutisiactory working and de
velopment of American political and soclul in
btituuons.
The speakers for the affirmative are:
J. AI. Ross '97, W. Hull '98, and B.
Wells '97. Tho.«* on the negative are:
Miss Steboins '97. E. H. Rotbmck '98,
and S. Dickson '98. Professor Abbott of
the law department will preside and in
troduce the speakers. Professors B. A.
Ross, S. J. Brun and G. E. Howard will
act as judges during the series of debates.
MITCHELL STUCK GOES UP.
Given JEnourjh Tote* to , Elect in a Re
publican Caucus.
SALEM, Ob., Jan. 18.— The House met
at 10 A. M. Three rolls were called, show
in thirty-four members present, six less
than required for organization. Three or
four Democrats came in to-day ana an
swered the rollcall. This is looked upon
as if the combination against organiza
tion is breaking up, and may predict the
organization of the House to-morrow.
In the Republican caucus Mitchell was
given 47 votes lor the United States Sen
ate, one more than required, but a num
ber of these will not vote for Mitchell
until Jonathan Bourne is elected Speaker.
Bourne claims that Mitchell promised him
alx votes for Speaker for the votes Bourne
secured for Mitchell. Mitchell having gone
back on this, Bourne, with twenty-five
followers, stays away so as to prevent or
ganization. Five of those who stay with
Bourne are Mitchell Republicans, but in
sist first on Bourne being Speaker. If the
organization is effected Mitchell will be
the next Senator.
The Washington Contest.
OLYMPIA, Wash., Jan. 18.— The Sena
torial situation on the eve of the first bal
lot is decidedly mixed. Judge Turner,
free silver, seems to have the lead, with
Cline, Populist, second. Squire, free sil
ver, is considered out of the race, though
he was working hard to-day and may
gain unexpected strength. Davis, Popu
list, who was reported to have withdrawn,
denies this and says he will go in to-mor
row with a strong vote. Tne fnsionist>,
consisting of Iree silver Republicans,
Democrat* and Populists, are caucusing
to-night, as are the Republicans also. The
first vote will be taken in joint session to
morrow noon.
Arraigned at Los Gains.
LOS GATOS, Cal., Jan. 18.— George
Dreaves, who was charged wLh assaulting
Thomas Thompson with a deadly weapon
during a row near Los Gatos on Saturday,
was arrested by Constable Reynolds this
morning and arraigned before Justice
Beggs to-day. His examination was set
for to-morrow, pending which he was re
leased on his own recognizance. The men
quarreled on the ranch where they were
employed, during which Dreaves scratched
Thompbon up pretty badly with a can
opener.
Body found Near Bush Point.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., Jan 18.—
The corpse of an unknown man was found
near Bush Point this morning. The de
ceased had been fairly well dressed, and
in the pockets of his clothes were a num
ber of railroad maps and time-tables, be
sides a pair of eyeglasses. Tuere was no
other clew to his identity.
SENATOR JONES
TO BE RETURNED
Nevada Republicans Settle
the Senatorial Fight in
Caucus.
Receives Thirty-Five Votes to
Three Cast for George
Nixon.
Practically Insures His Re-Election
on the First Ballot in the
Legislature.
CARSON, Nsv., Jan. 18.— At a Republi
can caucus to-night thirty-eight silver
Republicans, or a majority, were present,
and of this number United States Senator J.
P. Jones received thirty-five votes, the re
maining three going to his only opponent,
George Nixon. This insures Senator
Jones' re-election on the 19ih inst., when
the first and probably the only ballot for
United States Senator will be taken.
Nixon received the vote of the Hum
boldt delegation. All day Sunday and to
day the Hum boldt delegation were urging
him to come to Carson, but be refused to
leave bis sick wife. Seeing that bis elec
tion was impossible, they met and dis
cussed the best way of disposing of the
situation. There was considerable differ
ence of opinion. Some wanted Nixon' to
go into the caucus, accept bis defeat
gracefully and bow to the will of the ma
jority. Others held that this would be a
sacrifice of the principles fought for and
they wanted to refuse to let his name go
to the caucus at all, but to carry the fight
into the joint session and make some red
hot speeches.
Nixon was again wired to, but be
merely replied that his wife was atill
quite low, and that his friends could use
their own judgment. It was finally de
cided that Nixon's name would be placed
before the caucus, where he could "take
his medicine like a man." A.uy other
course would simply land him outside of
the party and be his political rum. it
was argued that if Nixon were in the city
he would consent to no other plan, as he
was a politician who always stood by the
rules of the game.
The caucus was called at 7:30 o'clock,
and but two members remained away.
Nixon's name was placed before it for
United States Senator along with that ol
John P. Jones, and some very hot speeches
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
were made on both sides. Oralorv could
be beard resounding through the Capitol
building as the battle royal was fought.
The caucus resulted in the naming of
Jones.
The eighteenth session of the Nevada
Legislature convened here to-day with
every member of both houses pres
ent. A caucus was held last even
ing and agreed upon the usual
appointments as follows: A. J. Mc-
Cone of Storey, president pro tern. of the
Senate; T. J. Osborn of Lincoln, secretary,
and Patrick Corbett of Btorey, sergeant-at
arms. In the Assembly Lemuel Allen of
Churohill was made Speaker; S. L. Mc-
Naughton of Esmeraida, speaker pro tern .;
George R. Bradley of Ormsby, sergeant-at
arms, and Nate Roff of Washoe, chief
clerk.
The Senate was this morning opened by
Governor Sadler, and the oath of office
was administered to the new members by
Justice Belknap. The Governor's mes
sage was received and laid on the table.
No other business was transacted except
the routine of organizing and the intro
duction of a resolution regarding the
granting of pardons.
Secretary of State HowelJ opened the
Assembly and Judge Bonnifield admin
istered the oath. No further business was
transacted to-day.
IDAHO'S DEADLOCK.
Democrat* licfu»« to Vote for Ihe Popu
l<*t Choce.
BOISE CITY, Idaho, Jan. 18.— The
Populist caucus this morning again
switched to Claggett and used all possible
effort to induce the Democrats to join and
give Claggett the necessary thirty-six
votes, but without avail.
The first ballot resulted: Ciaggett 26,
Dubois 25, Lewis (Pop.) 17. The second
ba.lot: Claggett 29, Dubois 19, Nelson
(Pop.) 13. The votes for Nelson and
Lewis were cast by Democrat*.
There was great activity in the Claggett
camp all day. mair.ly with the object of
inducing enough Democrats to insure his
election to vote for him to-morrow, but as
far as could be learned this evening his
supporters were unsuccessful. Whether
the Populists will in the next ballot
remain with Claggett or switch to Nelson
or Lewis and by the aid of the Democrats
elect one or other of those geutlemen is
uncertain.
The Dubois men claim there is little
chance of the Democrats and Populists
coming tOKether, and that ultimately
Dubois will receive enough Democratic
vote 3to elect him.
Arizona's Legislature.
PHOENIX, Ariz., 'Jan. 18. -The Ari
zona Legislature convened to-day in bi
ennial session. Fred J. Hughes of Tucson
was selected president of the Council, a
position he held, six years ago. D. G.
Cn&lmers, also of Tucson, was chosen
Speaker of tne Assembly. Masterson of
Yuma, a member of the Assembly, re
signeO, necessi ating a special election.
Governor Franslin, who is confined to his
bed, was unuabie to transmit his annual
message. Of twelve councilruen three are
Repub'icans and in the Assembly of
twenty-four but two are Republicans, the
rest being Democrats.
KEW TO-DAT.
Philadelphia
I Shoe CO. Wo. 10 Third St.
■ stamped oh A SHOE means STANDARD OF merit
%■ 4 co a -
id. I}.1 }. fi% nllP
DOUBLY BLOCKADED.
Our Blockade Sale has proved a grand
success and wIU be continued tor the com-
y,g week, and if good values for little
money b* any inducement, this Is the
time and place to buy your footwear, We
nave a big assortment of Ladies' HneOx
ford Ties that « itl be sa< riflced this week.
These Ties are mostly small sizes, running
from 2%to3Vi>. and widths AA. A. B. C,
but a few largo siz s are also in stock.
ihe Ties are an assorted lot, including
cloth and ki i tops pointed or square toes
and patent-leal Up-s. and sold legularly
from $2 50 to $3 50, but we will cose them
out for
«300 a, P»ir. ■
01.23.
* ttrru _ A few fairs left.
I h2Jk^ f.H<ile»' extra fine
B^tiJ !^ id r.imon shoes
p2t,'w or * 1 -.'5. sizes
M-yEg I -ya to S l 'i- widths
Jsj^Si aA,A,B, C, ri'gu-
JfSJHRpU^ 'ai price $4. Odd
Jfs&tj?t3&% °' 8 ' small sizes.
JPQSs^'^3 'f your feet are
i^Tim ~_l iiigy -"I"* 1 ' inn will be
SI.OO
The harzain'of the i «L^_^_
season— Children's S(3Z%&
p..tern - Leather lK*laf
Button Shoes.cloth riie^v?
or kid tops, made /ri'>
oy Laird, Schober >JjiaH
A Mitchell, sold >R3£iiis!
below co*. Finest y/\;i£f"-
I'a.ent Leather, ...litL'^jir n- stf&&?£i''
hand-turned soles «*tftMiE«B**^BelBijl
anil very dressy. ■ _."^r"i«iii«»>^«^P»
Sizes 1 to 5, with-
out spring heels, 75c: slues 4 to 8, with
spring heels, $1.
\ 850.
■ Mil special.
_. ""I 4 Ladles' Black 6-X
V;* * f Beaver Overealters
h * all sizes, fine niters,
H * / sold this week for
/? « .7 35c a pair.
>T ■« 1 Worth regular $1.
go JJ Ladles' Storm ■
Au, ii|Mi**~lr Rubbers, medium
£>*?[ round toes, reduced
to 33c.
AT" Country orders solicited.
**- Bend for JNew Illustrated Catalog oe.
Address
B. KATCHINSKI.
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO..
10 Third St., San Jfranclaeo. .-";-/
FOR THE
BEST TREATMENT
: f^^^\ • DR. COOK
fl^ '^^W Market St., S. P., Cal.
w^^j^ OFFICE HOURS:
1 '^yjAf^^xm 91012 - M - * nd 2to 6
/\Tiß| RjkiSjr Sundays 10 to 12 a.m.
t^^^mL^M^iw<>n Electricity Given
||^pi^€p^F j^B when Advisabl# -
vDOCTOK COOK.) — —
If you are afflicted do not rely too much
upon the recuperative powers of nature.
Lose no time in getting back your health.
A little medicine now will do more good
than a whole drugstore by and by.
DR. COOK CURES
Catarrh, Rheumatism, Rupture, Piles,
Blooa and Skin Diseases, and Diseases of
the Eye, Enr. Brain, Nose. Throat, Lungs,
Heart, Liver, stomach, Kidneys, Bladder
and Urinary Organs.
DR. COOK CURES
stricture, Vnricocele, Hydrqcele and all
other sexual diseases, deformities or disa-
bilities.
DR. COOK CURES
The evil effects of early indiscretions— Ex.
h&usilng Drains, Impotency, Pimples, Ner-
vousness, Sleeplessness, Bash fulness. De-
spondency, Stupidity, Loss of Ambition,
and similar signs of physical, mental and
." sexual weak ness,
DR. COOK CURES
Every form of Female Complaint — Falling
or Displacement of the Womb, Painful, Ir-
-1 regular, scanty or profuse menses. Period-
ical Headache, Leucorrbcea, Nervousness
and Hysteria.
DR. COOK CURES
By mail. Thereiore write if you cannot
call. A valuable book on men's diseases
sent free to those describing their troub-
les. His address, as above stated, is 863
Market street, San Francisco, Cal. v
•o-o-00-o-0000-o-o-o-o-
AN EXCELLENT
Jt TfT"* A T Properly prepared and
|\/| Hi\ I promptly served, can
XVII Al always be obtained in
THE GRILL ROOM OF THE
Decidedly the r\ A T A /TT7
Most Popular rALALK
Dining Apart- *• *'*Jui XKuJLJi
ment in town. Biui«.in._»uim, ■■■.■.....■ m .*
0000000000000
DR.MCNULTY.
WELL-KNOWN AND RKLfABLE OLl>
A bpeclallstcwe* Private.Nervous.Bloodand Skin
Diseasespf Men only. Manly Power restore*!. Over
.Oyfars^xperience. Send for Book, free. Patient*
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours, 9to 3
; dally; 6:3o tnB.3oev'ics. Sunday*. 10 to 12. Consulta-
tion free and sacredly confidential. Call or address
I». DOSCOE McNTI/TT. M. D.,
2«'i Kcainj .Street, San Francisco, Cal.
' if"(<ili!7flßl?litlHi"«i ifl nig 6ls a non-poisonona
4C[inHP a^nMH remedy for Gonorrhoea,
AWU^^CUnv.a^fflL Gleet, SpermstorrhoHa,
iraViD ImS Whites, unnatural dls-
JBV QauiDtecd V charges, or any inflamma-
m^*m n " to itxletare. tion, irritation or ulcera-
3~^PrtvenM conttglon. tion of id v co as mem*
fiVITHEEvAHSCIIEMtCHno. branfs. Non-astringenr.
I^^CIHOINNATI.O H I Sold by Or »*« i »* c '
' dba Z3t!m or sent in plain wr^ppsr,
' '-J9m by expreßn, prepaid, foe
<>g£2ffi&m!t3&%W 11-00. or 3 bottles, &7V
*»^@Q^!»V JJ N Circular sent or. '- iwjst
■, ;A ;. . ■-.• ■ . /; .' v -. ~~ " :■; "
WJJTy^Yni|^re 'lnroat, Pimples, CopptiJi
KfinAYt TUU colored Epots, Aches. Old Sores.M
■Ulcora in Mouth, Hair-Vailing! Write COOKCs
■BF.MEDV CO., 807 Masonic Tempi JB
■Bchionao, 111., for proofs of cures. Capl-fgl
Jt^tal, 8600,000. Worst cases cored In XSM
Bgto as day*. 100-page book free. fr-jFORGER SANDERS
AGAIN IN COURT
Twice Convicted, He Still
Strives for Free
dom.
Third Trial of the Man Who
Last Saw William Woot
ton Alive.
Beginning of Another Chapter in the
Mystery Veiling the Rancher's
Disappearance
FRESNO, Cal., Jan. 18.— The third trial
of Professor W. A. Banders for forging the
name of William Wootion to a $4000 draft
on the Kutner-Goldstein Company ot this
oity was begun before Judge Webb in the
Superior Court to-day, and before evening
four jurors had been sworn.
the cate involves the mysterious disap
pearance of Wootton from his ranch in
the foothills above Reedley nearly three
years ago. Although sufficient evidence
has never been gathered to prefer the
oharge, Sanders is believed to have been
responsible for Wootton's disappearance.
Wootton was last seen at his ranch on
January 31,1894, according to authentic
information. He was then seen driving
away with Sanders by a farmhand named
Charles Rohloff. Since then no trace of
him, either dead or alive, has ever been
found, although & determined search was
made. At Banders' second trial the de
fense had a witness who claimed that he
had met the aged rancher in San Fran
cisco after February L
The jury evidently did not believe the
witness, as it took them only forty min
utas at the conclusion of the trial to
arrive at a verdict of guilty. At Sanders'
first trial, whioh was held in June and
July of 1894, the Jury disagreed. The sec
o.nd trial took place in April, 1895.
Upon his conviction Judee Webb sen
tenced tne professor to ten years' im
prisonment at Folsom. The defendant,
when refused a new trial, appealed to the
Supreme Court, which last September
reversed the denial of Judge Webb and
granted a third trial.
The same attorneys appear in the pres
ent trial as in the former two. The pros
ecution is being conducted by District
Attorney Snow and Samuel J. Hinds, who
is employed by relatives of Wootton. The
defendant is represented by Frank H.
Short and F. E. Cook.
The prosecution claims that it has some
new and very important evidence to pre
sent against Sanders at this trial, which
will prove beyond question, they assert,
that he is guilty. What this new evidence
is cannot be learned, but the men back of
the prosecution are not given to making
statements of this kind that cannot be
relied upon.
The alleged forgery for which Sanders
i« on trial is believed to have been but a
beginning of a wholesale execution of for
treries whereby the <!efendant expected to
u-ain possession of Wootton's wealth after
having got the ranch out of the way.
The prisoner says that a man named
John Knausch, who, as Sanders testifies,
"had the longest beara of any man in
California," purchased the ranch from
Wootton, and that He (Knausch) trans
ferred the property to him (Sanders) ac
cording to a huge speculative scheme they
had formulated.
The prisoner says that Knausch was
present at the Wootton house on Janaary
31, 1894, when the big deal was consum
mated. But tie defendant has succeeded
in finding only two witnesses who ever
-aw or heard of the mythical John
Knau«ch. When placed upon the stand
at the last trial these two men gave en
tirely different descriptions of the man.
The mystery surrounding the disappear
ance of Wootton has neypr been surpassed
in the Btate's history. For miles, toward
source and outlet. Kings River has been
dragged for the aged rancher's body, it
bf ing the general supposition that San
ders disposed of him there, but never a
trace was found.
Sanders is nearly 60 years of age and the
two years' confinement in the county jail
here has told seriously on his health. He
appeared in court this morning looking
pale and emaciated, and expressed the
fear to a Call correspondent that he would
not be able to bear up under the "torture"
of the three or four weeks the trial will
lasu
MURDER NEAR CUCAMOGA.
Aged William Hespe Waylaid and Killed
While Returning to His Ranch
From Ontario.
LOS ANGELES, Cal.. Jan. 18. — Accord-
Ing to the opinion of officials in the vicin
ity of Cucamonga and North Ontario,
William He^pe, an aeed resident of the
former place, was clubbed to death yester
day on the road between Ontario and his
home.
The body of Hespe was carried home in
the family carriage, to which was attached
a gentle horse, which kept to the road as
though driven by its careful owner. The
sight of her husband covered with blood
on the floor of the carriage, his temple
crushed ana his face cut, came near prov
ing fatal to Mrs. Hespe; Slie is still in a
critical condition.
Coimable Murphy and a posse went
back over the road that Hespe had
traversed from Ontario to Oucamonga,
and carefully investigated every foot of
iLte way. They found Hespe's hat lying
at the roadside, and at one spot discovered
<i pool of blood. Beyond these there were
no indications of a Straggle.
The wind was blowing heavily at the
time and this had the effect of obliterating
trace* o'" the crime by drifting sand over
the road.
The Coroner was notified to come from
Han- Bernardino, and the Sheriff also was
acquainted with the fact that a mimier
bad been committed. Every suspicious
character in Cucamonga and Ontario is
.under surveillance, but up to this time no
one has been arrested.
Robbery w»s iinqueotionably the motive
for the '.-rime. Hespe bad come to town
to meet his son-in-law, D. J. Bergstrom of
San Pedro, and was to have received a
sum of money with which to purcuase
nursery stock needed on the Hespe ranch.
Berg.troin missed the train to this city
for Ontario and telegraphed to his father
in-law to wait until next Sunday. This
telegram was not delivered to Hespe.
Bergsirom oolioves that some one learned
of his intention to giye the old man money
and that had he renched Ontario ami ac
companied his father-in- law to Cuca
monta, he too would lave been mur
dered.
Ii is believed that Hespe confided the
lact that he was to receive money to some
one,, and that this information reucuud
desperate characters who waylaid and
murdered him.
SAN JOSE GRANGE'S PETITION.
Legislature Asked to Pass a Law Making
Shooting in Orchards a
Misdemeanor.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 18.—Horticul
tural Commissioner Elirhorn and a num
ber of prominent orchnrdists appeared be
fore the Board of Supervisors this morn
ing—the time set for hearing the petition
of the San Jose Grange and Fruit-growers'
Convention, asking ttjat robins be pro
tected—to discuss the merits and demerits
of the robin as a destroyer of insects and
pests injurious to orchards and vineyards.
The board adopted a resolution asking
the Legislature to pass a law making it a
misdemeanor for auy person to 3'ioot in
side of an orchard or vineyard witnout
first obtaining permission of tne owner.
Ho action was taken to protect the robins.
Commissioner Ehrhorn presented a
verbal report as to his investigations as to
the diet of the robin. He said his exami
nations had convinced him that tne bird
was an all-round feeder. The crops of
biids taken from the Goodrich orchard
were full of olives. Also pepper berries
and many bettles were found in abund
ance. He had found no ladybirds, but
the fact that the bird iiad not hesitated at
beetles, with tneir hard wings, ied him to
believe that they would readily devour
the ladybird and other pest-destroyers.
He had been toJd the robin would not eat
the ladybird because it was bitter, but he
thought it did not exceed In bitterness
either the olive or the pepper berry. He
had as yet found no peach-Dorer in a
robin's crop. He thought an investi
gation should be made of the food habits
of all birds found in the country. Re
ports had reached him of sparrows de
stroying the tender huds on trees.
E.E. Goodrich spoke of the depreda
tions of the robins. He thought they
should not be protected, as they did great
damage to olives and grapes.
Frank Burkholder and W. D. Lewis
spoke of the experiment recently made
on the Cozzens ranch with the robin as a
destroyer of the peach-borer. Tue former
had never seen a robin eating -worms, but
had seen them devouring fruit buds, and
the latter had seen robbins gather in great
number and devour every worm they
could find while the men were uncovering
the trunks of trees so the Dirds could get
at the peach-borers.
G. W. Wortben of the San Jose grange
said he had seen robins eating canker
worms and catching and eating the canker
worm moths. He thought further inves
tigation as to the bird's diet should be
made.
Colonel Hall was of the opinion that
the robin was a benefit to orchards.
Hunters did great damage to the trees by
shooting at the birds. Shooting injured
the limbs and destroyed the buds. J. P. C.
Murpny was of the same opinion. S. S.
Haines thought the present laws sufficient
to protect the orchards, if enforced.
Commissioner Ehrb m said shot was a
most damaging thing to a tree. Tne
wound makes a running sore that will
never heal. He said hunting in an orchard
was a nuisance and thai when signs for
bidding shooting were put up hunters
shot them down.
SUES FOR A DIVORCE.
Sirs. Xioumibo* Declare* That She Wat
Crvilly Treated.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 18.— Mary A.
Loumibos to-day began a suit for divorce
from J. G. Loumibo9 on the ground of
cruelty. They were married at San Lean
dro in 1894. Plaintiff alleges that soon
afterward her husband began. treating tier
cruelly and she was obliged to leave him
and return to her come. Her husband
entreated her to return to nim, and his
father, J. Loumibos, agreed to give her a
home at El Verano, Sonoma County, val
ued at $3000, if she would return to her
husband. She accepted her fatber-m
--law's office, but in a short time Her hut
band resumed bis cruel treatment. She
now wants a divorce and half of $7000
worth of community property. There are
no children. J. Loumibos, the father-in
law, is also made a party to the suit, to
compel him to convey to plaintiff the
home promised her in Sonoma County.
Fought Near San Jose.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 18.— "Kid" Evans I
of this city and Charles Cox of San Fran
cisco met on the Aiameda last night in a
finish fight, for a purse of $20. Six-ounce
gloves were used. Billy Dacey was referee
and James Wallace of San Francisco held
the watch. Evans, who weighed 123
pounds, had no difficulty in besting his
opponent, who weighed 145 pounds and
was several inches taller, and in the sec
ond round knocked him out.
Valley Land Company Incorporated.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 18. -Articles of
incorporation of the Valley Land Com
pany were fiieu with the County Clerk to
day. The object of the corporation is to
i/Uy and sell l&nc* and deal in agricultural,
horticultural and viticultural products in
Santa Clara County. The capital stock
is $100,000. Thomas F. Campbell, J. M.
Sto-Aell, S. J. CampbeJ!. M. E. Campbell
and E. F. Campbell are named as directors.
Co-operation Proved a Failure.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 18.— By petition
of two-thirds Df the members of the Co
operative Association of tne Santa Clara
Valley, filed with the County Clerk to
day, the affa rs or that concern will be
brought to a :lose.
The rea'Oi given for this action is that
t. c business was not paying. George B.
Johnson, F. K. Shafter and C. H. Fuller,
members of the association, are named to
act in liquidating the debts of the associa
tion within lix months from date.
BAKERSFIELD FIELD TRIALS.
Fourteenth Annual Meeting of the Pacific
' Coast Club.
BAKER.sFIELD, Cal., Jan. 18. -The
fourteenth annual meet of the Pacific
Coast Fie?d Trials Olub opened under
favorable auspices at 10:30 o'clock this
morning en the Wible place, twelve miles
southwest of town. The grounds were in
fine cond-tion, the birds somewhat scarce
and the lay. though somewhat foggy at
first, tunfod out to be fair enough. While
the attendance was smaller than usual
there wi-je more entries than for several
s-asons »nd an unusually lively interest
was manifested. The crowd is expected
to increase before the sports have con
cluded. ( There are eighteen entries in the
Derby and eight in the all ages.
First brace— H. T. Payne's 'Count Harold,
handled by Allender, and John Lucas' Wick
low, tmf>die<l by Lucas. The former made one
point j»ii the latter three. Tneir wori was
good, * ■ "
Second brace— Herman Oelrich's Dock H,
:• hi: let by Allender, and Mr. Guise* SAdie
Hopkins, handled by Hueh Hopkins. Dock H
scored «ne and Sadie five.
Third brace— Glenwood and Speedy. No
birds.
Fourth — Don Graphic and Countess K.
Each made five points.
Fifth - brace— Fandango and Kern of Ken
wood. No birds. , .
This ended the events of the day. The
work done by each of the braces was favor
ably criticized by the experts present.
Juoee C N. Post. William Dormer and J.
M. Kilganff acted as judges.
Overdue at Port Townsend.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., Jan. 18.—
The schooner Luua Madsen is out fifty
eight days from Salvarry, Peru, and grave
apprehension is manifested in shipping
circles. It is loaded with a cargo of raw
suirar for Vancouver. The vessei is owned
in San Francisco by B. H. Madden, and
was under charter to J. W. Grac9 & Go.
Trendwell Pleads Not Guilt y.
SAN JOSE, Cal , Jan. 18.— James G.
Treadweli, through his attorney, pleaded
not guilty of striking Mis 3 Louise Buch
iinan Saturday night, and tlie trial was
set fur Friday afternoon.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 19, 1897.
CLAIMS HEIRSHIP
TO PIETRA'S LAID
Los Angeles Prisoner Say.i
He Was a Son of the
Millionaire.
Attacks the Will Which Gave the
Estate to the Dead Man's
Brother.
Contest for a Princely Domain B gun
in the Ventura County
Courts-
VENTURA, Cal., .Jan. 18.— A docu
ment was this afternoon filed in the office
of the Clerk of the Superior Court of
Ventura County which gives promise of a
series of sensational developments. It is
a petition to revoke the probate of the
paper claimed to be the will of the late
Antonio Schiappia Pietra, the wealthy
Itslian rancher of Ventura.
Schiappia Pietra died on February 1,
1895, at San Kemo, Italy, whither" he had
gone in search of health. He was never
married, and, it was generally supposed,
had no kindred nearer than a brother. In
January, 1896, nearly a year after
Scbiappia Pietra's death, a small riece of
paper purporting to be in his handwriting
turned up in Ventura in the possession of
his brother, Leopoldo Schiappia Pietra.
By the terms of this brief document
Leopoldo was made his brother's sole heir
and the executor of the will. On the 18th
day of January, 1896, this alleged will was
admitted to probate, and Leopoldo quietly
stepped into a-n estate that is estimated to
be worth anywhere from $1,500,000 to
$2,000,000.
Now comss the most interesting feature
of the case. In the Los Angeles County
Jail is now confined on a serious charge a
man called John Lee, but whose baptismal
name is Michael Antonio Ortega. The
paper filed in Ventura to-day comes from
Ortega and is presented by his counsel,
the Hon. Frank F. Davis of Los Angeles.
It sets forth among various other interest
ing matters that Ortega is the son and
only chiM and sole heir-at-law of the de
ceased Schiappia Pietra; that the paper
admitted to probate as Schiappi Pietra's
will is a forgery, and that Ortega is the
lawful inheritor of his father's immense
estate. It is currently reported that Or
tega's parentage is within the knowledge
of a dozen reputable witnesses, and that
he is backed by friends sufficient to enable
"him to conduct a most vigorous fight for
his patrimony.
The estate, which is one of the richest
and best-paying in Southern California,
was originally a Spanish grant, and con
sists of several thousand acres adjoining
the city of Ventura, all ot which is under
a very- high state of cultivation. Besides
this there is choice business property in
the cities of Santa Barbara and Ventura.
The home of Leopoldo Schiappia Pietra,
in this city, is one of the finest in the
county, and is luxuriously furnished
throughout.
Ortega, who is now contesting for his
interests, is charged with an attack upon
the 13-year-old daughter of a wholesale
saddler of Los Angeles, whioh is alleged
to have been made two months ago. He i
is about 28 years of age and quite intelli
gent. His mother, Mrs. Carrie Bisbee, is
at present a resident of Oakland. The
latter admits Ortega to be her son by An
tonio Schiappia Pietra, but never allowed
it to become known on account of the un
pleasant notoriety which she would gain
by going to court. Mrs. Bisbee is very
highly connected throughout Southern
California. Her brother, Joseph Brobbo,
was until recently manager of the Arling- j
ton Hotel at Santa Barbara, while her |
niece i» Mrs. Richard Hearne, wife of one j
of the leading grocers of this city. She]
h.HH other relatives who are also highly
connected here.
UKIAH MURDER MYSTERY.
Body of a Man Who Was Slain While Ht
Slept Is Found on a River
Bank.
UKIAH, Cal., Jan. 18.— While fishing
for salmon in Russian River yesterday
evening, Marion Hoss discovered the hand
ef a human being protruding through
the sand on the west bank, about
100 yards south of where the county road
between this place and the Insane Asylum
crosses Clark Bridge, two miles southeast
of town. The discovery was reported to
the Coroner, J. H. Barter,? who repaired
to the scene. Barker succeeded in recov
ering the body of a man from the sand
and debris by which it was covered.
A jury was empaneled this morning and
an inqueßt held. The verdict, which was
approved by Coroner Barker, found that
the name of the deceased was unknown;
that he was aged about 40 years and came
to his death aoout four months ago at the
hands of parties unknown, and that tiie
immediate cause of his death was a blow
struck on the back of the head with some
blunt instrument which crushed his skull.
He was described as a man of light com
plexion and iighL brown hair, 170 pounds
in weight and 5 feet 9 inches in height.
The cas« is now in the hands of the
Sheriff. The generally accepted theory is
that the murdered man was one of the
mahv hoppickers who come to this part
of the country each year in September
and October. These men generally camp
along the riyer bottom, and it is believed
that this one was murdered and robbed
while asleep. His skull was broken in in
a number of places. He was evidently
buried to hide eviuence of the crime, but
the flow of the water in the river uncov
ered the body. The theory that he was
murder.'d while asleep is borne out by the
fact that when found the body was
clothed only in an undershirt and a pair
of drawers. A two-bit piece and a plug of
tobacco were found in a shirt Docket. No
papers were found which would give a
clew to the identity of the body.
LIBELED BY NEIGHBORS.
Mountaineer Ben ion found Innocent of
a Murder Charge.-
FRESNO, Cal., Jan. 18.— Coroner Long,
Deputy District Attorney Williams and
County Health Officer Ad air returned to
day from Burrough Valley in the moun
tains, whether they went to investigate
the report brought down by Constables
Dentis and Burton that- Edward Benson
had strangled his three babes after the
death of their Indian mother. The result
of Ihe inquiry was that the oJd and pe
culiar mountaineer. was proven innocont.
and the officers are somewhat wrathy over
being !ed to make the expensive and dis
agreeable trip for nothing.
It appears that the report was started by
neighbors who are at  outs with Benson.
It was ascertained that his wife died im
mediately after giving birth to triplets and
they, died shortly afterward.
ROSAMONDE O'CONNELL, Who Made Her Debut Last Night
at the Grand.
CLEVER "TURNS"
AT THE COLUMBIA
"The Devil's Auction" Con
tains Many New
Sp?cialtieg.
Military Display in "A Fair
Rebei" at the Alca
zar.
Rosnmoide O'Conneli, a Local Debut
ante, Makes Her F.rst Appaarance
at the G, an .
"The Devil's Auction," which opened at
the Columbia Theater last nignt, has
come back with so many new "turns,"
new songs, new costumes, scenery and
people, that it is almost a new perform
ance.
The filmy thread of action on which
"The Devil's Auction" hangs cannot be
called a plot, it is merely an excuse for in
troducing a number of specialties and for
displaying pretty scenery, costumes and
dances.
Not one of the turns last night was dull
and most of them were very clever as
THE CENTER OF ATTRACTION
FOR MEN'S AND BOYS' FINE CLOTHING !
WE MUST CLOSE THE DOORS ON AN EMPTY STORE BY FEBRUARY -15th.
THE PEOPLE MUST MOVE US!
They Will be Brought to Our Store by Truly Meritorious Bargains and Not by Bands
of Music, That Make a Lot of Noise to Mislead the People.
Superior A _ MEN'S BUSINESS SUITS, I Peerless
OVERCOATS. STYLE, FIT, MAKE, and THOROUGHLY PROPER. You'd OVERCOATS.
To describe them, they're blush to wear an old suit if you knew, the value <Xlf^ Ap^ They're of a make and
of Kersey, Melton and Chin- that's in these that we must move at - - - - : . S?vf«T*w finish that only skilled tai-
chilla, in blue and black _ r ~— —^^^ lors caa produce.
They have a smart tailor In imported Meltons, Fur
tone to them— refined and ySl^^^^i I "^^^k^N. Beavers and Shetlands.
correct in detail and finish. . ' . // / &£[Zlj \ >> VSjiv S \ Duplicate 'em at the tai-
You might duplicate, thorn /y^^fll'l"-''!'^!!""" — 7^^-\ >^\\ lors' for .$25.
elsewhere at $10 or $12. /&/ § ' V fe^Tj) Thoy're"in the Rush,
F OVERCOATS. iff f^H^^^»V D \\ Men?s Pants -
We moan it! They're W . IBBH^HBHM^ 01^ 10^ \ They'll be hurried out at
Fine! In imported and do- W M^^^^^M^MWThis Is 3 a hurry-out price They
fabrics, silk and satin d Wr^ai C righVlhough the price
lined throughout. Intended 2 'ffi^Hll; «9- W^^OVAL" UJ \ sounds ridiculous,
cheap at from. $20 to $30. _I W WM SP^^k' fr H / 98C
Attractive . v^v . * :^^i^-^^^^^^oW/ Furnishing
Boys' Suits. /^A^'^^Si^^^ Goods.
juovTona^as'nottoV X^V^^^ "^kJh As in every department of
predate the losses we'll sus- V^^^" ( s&s' our store we calculate oil'-
tain in this department. \o^^=^JlS^^^^^ haff on^e^er a^ticle^se"
Attractive Styles. -^^.^ --^ o^'^ lected. -
Attractive Makes. -_. ~~ jg r>
crowds 9 to Attract the MEN'S FINE DRESS SUITS. Hats and Caps.
r You'ye known them al- We've done a heap toward paralyzing the tailor business with gji^ cheap" aJ's^^C^>
ways as the $3 and $3 50 our values and ability to fit perfectly. • and $2 50 .. - - DOC
Boys' Short Pants Suits; Among the extensive lines which must be made to move out
TO MOVE 'EM ; ! quickly is a big lot of the choicest designs of the weavers' art Caps, all sizes, never offered
*1> 1 r~'r\ and never sold for less than $15 to $25. ALL dJO O^ for " less than 50c, 1 Q/>
$1.50. MUST MOVE AT -< - - - - - - - - - 3>0,0U | at ■ - - ----- iyU,
924-930 Market Street.
well as being marked by a refinement
which is too often lacking in acts of their
kind. The ballets were especially good.
San Francisco is so used to ballets com
posed of untrained young women gathered
toeether and given a few weeks' hasty
training that it was quite a treat to see
the skill of the corps de ballet at the
Columbia last night. It is a long time
since two such accomplished premieres as
Emelia Bartoletti and Amelia Mayer
hoffer have been seen here. Some of the
prettiest of the ballets were tne Feast of
the Lanterns and the riack of Roses.
Among: the many specialties which won
the applause of a large audience were the
feats of agility performed by William
Ru«e as Chaos, the imp of darkness, and
the musical comedy acts given by Richard
T. Brown. Some of the latter's songs are
not unknown to frequenters of the Or
pheum, but most of them were new and
his jokes and pantomime work were clever,
the burlesque of a grand opera singer be
ing especiail good.
In the Benedictine vaults, a new scene,
Richard T. Brown and William Huge in
troduced some funny pantomime work.
William Frabel was good as the auction
eer and as ihe Mandarin's doctor, In the
gardens of the Mandarins, anotner effect
ive new *cene.
The New York street scene with its
"Hoboes' Soiree" was a "turn" that took
well, and the fancy bicycle riding intro
duced in this act" evidently appealed to
the cyclists piesent. To enumerate all
the specialties worth seeing in "The
Devil's Auction," however, would be to
name them all. With the strong tide of
popular favor for variety acts which pre
vails at present it is safe to predict a pros
perous run for tne latest edition of the
•'Forever Devil's Auction."
Alcazar Theater.
- The Alcazar presented a martial appearance
last night, when "A Fair Rebel" was per
formed, with the assistance of Company L,
F,irst Regiment of Infantry, N. G. C. The foyer
of the theater was prettily decorated with
numerous flags, fernp, palms, etc., and a guard
of honor lined the entrance from the street to
th.' auditorium and saluted officers from the
Presidio, Alcatraz and Angel Island as they
passed in to the boxes, which were all pleas
ingly ornamented with flags. Governor Budd
and his staff had been invited to grace the
opening nigh.', of "A Fair .Rebel," and some
members ot tne staff were present. The^Gov
ernor sent at telegram to say that if it nad
been possible he would have been present.
A number of nalistic features were intro
duced into the performance ot "A Fair Rebel."
Rial telegraph wires wuro set upou real tele
graph poles before the admiring eves of the
auditnce in the first act and later on real dis
paiehes were received by Operator James F.
Hogan from the main office oi the Postal
Telegraph Company, the said dispatches pur
porting 10 be real war dispatches. Another
feature was the large number of soldiers on
the stage. As a rule in theatrical
warfare the battles on which
the fate of nations depends are lost and
won by iess than a dozen men all told, but
there teemed to be wiiole battalions of soldiers
marching about the Alcazar stage— so many
thui the stage would nothoid them ail at once,
and the head of the army had to disappear in
the wings belore there wus room for tho flank
to come vii. T:ns abundance of gallant guards
men gave a very realistic appearance to "A
FairKeb'J."
On tne whole the play was well acted by the
Alcazar company.
May Buckley made quite a hit with her com
pany of pickaninnies, and had to give an en
core parade. Miss Katu Belmour was clever as
Mrs. Wood, the lady who shoulders a musket
and gees forth to fight. Mrs. Bates was thor
oughly effective as Aunt Margie, a Southern
spinster with designs on the heart oi a North
ern officer. George Osbourne, who played the
role or the victim of her machinations, de
served Ril the applause he received.
Hugo Toland. who acted the lover oi the
Fair Rebel, labored under difficulties last
night, as he had not thoroughly recovered his
voice and was not very sure ot his hues.
Francis Powers, who r«.veied in his favorite
role of a wicked ioreii;n adventurer, might
also have been on better speaking terms With
his part. Beatrice Lieb acted the heroine and
shewed a tendency to overact. F. S. Clayton
acted well and won immense applause for a
startling fall wnen he climbed up to the tele
grapn wire and was shot down. The wonder
was that he escaped without breaking any
bones.
At the Orpheum.
The Orpheum's chief new feature this week
is the Franz family, a team of acrobats who do
startling fe^ts of strength and agility. The
Franz wear ordinary evening dress, and at
firSt sight it looks startling, to say the least, to
see ladies, in long black smin gowns and
gentlemen in dress suits forgetting the rules
of etiquette and building aiem^eives into
columns and hopping over one another like so
many grrssh«>pper.-<.
Binns and Bums are doiignn amusing mu
sical comedy act, and John \Vilsou and Bertha
Waring appear as the tramp and the dancing
girl. Wilson has pleased this City before as a
tramp, and Bertha Waring seconds him fairly
well.
The Hungarian orchestra vary their pro
gramme nightly and Kiralfy's coryphees have
new and gorgeous costumes. Noble and Abuchi
and Marsaud remain.
Grand Opera-house.
"Against the Stream" opened at the Grand
last night to a crowded house. Miss Ro.su
monde O'Connell's debut was, of course, the
topic of conversation among the audience.
-vliss O'Conneil s part, Lively Majj, was but a
sm-11 one, but the little lady got all there was
to be got out of it, and she showed heisel;
to be a capable and painstaking actress.
Mortimer Snow as Dick Radlord, in various
disguises, did his b st with tlie small material
furnished, him. Edward Heron made a gen
uine hit as Fritz Oppenheimer, ms specialty
with Lottie Williams being loudly applauded.
Fred But ler, Fran , is Hatch, Johu J. i J ii;rsun,
Leslie Morusuo and the rest of the gentlemen
in the cast did well, but there was not much
for any one. Nettie Graham, the usual
dramatic heroine, impersonated by Victory
Bateman, was well acted.
The fire scene was very effective and received
great applause.
At the Tlvoll.
"Jack and the Beanstalk" was enacted at the
Tivoli last uight. A new style of programme
which is almost a pamphlet in size is adopt
ed, the interior adorned with a picture,
a la Beardsley, representing an esthetic
looking lady playing an antique instrument.
The programme bears the'leseud "1879-1897."
This is probably the last week of the clever
burlesque "Jack and the Beanstalk."
People's Palace.
Mahara's Mammoth Colored Minstrels com
menced their second -week to a fair-sized house
last evening. The company is a large one, and
pleased its hearers, if applause goes for any
thing.
At the Baldwin Theater, this evening," will
take place the first Nordiua operatic concert.
TO SWIM ABOUND SEAL ROOKS.
R. B. Cornell Challenges J. Cogglin to
a Match for a Gold Medal.
R. B. Cornell of the Olympic Swimming
Club has challenged J. Coggiin of the
Dolphin Swimming Club to swim a r;ica
around the seal rocks, off the Cl iff House
shore, for a #olt medal of the ralae of $35.
TLe medal is to be furnished by the Olym
pic Swimming Club.
Cogglin is the man who attempted
on two different occasions to swim
the Golden Gate subsequent to
the accomplishment of that feat by
Charles Cornell, and failed, it is said, ow«
ing to cramps.
Cornell is one of the best, strongest and
most ambitions of the young amphibians
in the City. He holds all the American
amateur records from a quarter to *nve
miles. He is also a memoer of the Cali
fornia Swimming Club.
Coggliu's friends say he wiil accept tho
challenge, and that tue match will take
place in a short time.
Cornell is now in training. He takes a
swim out to the seal rocks every day or
two.
Butchers Form a Union.
To-morrow evening there will be a mass
meeting of the journeymen butchers of the
City at the Templo, 115 Turk street, to form a
union of those engaged tn the butchering y
business for mutual benefit and improvement.
The commi: tee of organization has received
promises of support to the new union from
quite a number oi signers to the call lor
VVednesduy night's meeting. Good speakers
will be on hand to exp.ain tho nou'i ot an
organ izat:on, and all journeymen butchers
are requested to be present.
VALLEJO CONFLAGRATION.
Fire Destroys the Schoolhouse at the
Good Templars Home for
Orphans.
VALLEJO, Cal., Jan. 18.— The school
building at the Good Templars' Home lor
Orphans was destroyed by fire on Satur
day night The blaze was discovered at
11 o'clock, and word was telephoned to
town. Soon half the male population was
on its way to the home. It was at first
supposed that the home itself, containing
upward of 200 children, was on lire. When
the townspeople arrived at the scene tha
children were found tip and dres«ed, and
the larger boys engaged in removing furn
iture irom the burnins schoolhouse.
Nothing c< uid be done toward saving tha
structure, and it was soon a mass of em
bers.
The Vallejo Board of Education has
been renting the building for some ye;trs
past, and, for the present, schooi will ba
carried on in a temporary structure or in
rooms in the homo. 'Jho building was
erected several years ago and was insured
for $4000.
Two plasterers had been en^a^ed in tha
building during the day repairing some
broken spots on the walls, but they claim
to have left no fire behind. At 5 o'clock;
in the afternoon the janiior went through
the rooms and closed the ou;er doors and
locked them for the night. He reports
that there were no signs of tire.
Gires Escondido a College.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Jan. 18.— Henry W.
Putnam, a capitalist of this city, has pre
sented to the Escondido sciiool district
the property known as Escondido .College,
including the building and five acres of
ground fora campus, valued at $25.CM). It
i 3 understood Escondido will offer the
property to tne State tor v branch naval
school to be established within the limits
of San Diego County if the appropriation
bill before the Legislature passes. Escon
dido is thirty miles northeast of this city
and an ideal place for the school.
56
Whit ■ •. fifkll
TUESDAY .J M AR Y 19, 1897
, CHARLES M. SHORTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES— Postage Free:
Dally and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier.. $0.1 8
Pally and Sunday Cam., one year, by mall — 6.00
Dally and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 3.00
Dally and Sunday Cam., three months by moil 1.60
Pally and Sunday Call, one month, by mall.. .66
Sunday Call, one year, by mail 1-60
VvKEXLY Call, one year, by mall 1.60
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone Maln-1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
017 Clay Street.
Telephone Maln-187*
BRANCH OFFICES:
627 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
D:3O o'clock.
359 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 l,arkln street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
until 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth street; open until 9 o'clock.
1305 Polk street; open until 3:30 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
608 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICB:
Booms 31 and 82, 34. Tark Row, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Eastern Manager.
TMB call SPEAKS FOR all.
Now for the Nicaragua canal.
Attend the mass-meeting this afternoon.
See Truckee in her glory and try a
healthy skate.
The monopoly is now ready to make al
most any kind of terms.
San Francisco should speafc urgently for
the great inter-ocean waterway.-
Truckee is killing off all rival festivals
With a most delightful system of sleighing.
If we can secure the passage of the
Nicaragua canal bill we will have a jubilee
indeed.
The ereat powers of Europe probably
think themselves great simply because
they move slowly.
The tramps who ate a Stockton dog vio
lated civilization. It should have been
the dog that ate them.
It is said Spain will offer Cuba autono
my, but Cuba wants the smaller word
and bigger thine— liberty.
It seems to be a sure thing that Califor
nia will get a Cabinet position this time.
It was harmony that did it.
Chief Clerk Duckworth seems to be
right in saying -There are others," but all
the same, he was in bad company.
The Turkish crisis has swung back to
where it was, and Ihe Sultan is still won
dering, when the coercion is going to
begin.
Cuba calls for more ammunition, and
we offer her sympathy— she asks for a
powder factory and we give her a mass
meeting.
The Legislature will take steps to pre
vent a recurrence of the stuffed payroll
scandal, and for that much we must be
thankful.
The announcement of the completed
UcKinley Cabinet is now so near at hand
the prophets have quit predicting and are
content to wait and see, like the rest of us.
The Senatorial contest in Illinois has
developed such a storm that every promi
nent Republican in the State has raised a
lightning-rod and made ready for the
stroke.
Whitelaw Reid has written to the New
York Tribune that Arizona, in reality, is
not at all like the Arizona Kicker, and thijs
wiil doubtless be regarded in the East as
a scoop.
From the vigor with which the Legis
lature has set about mending its ways we
can reasonably expect from it a good
measure for the improvement of the
public ways.
An experience in the State office will
give John Sherman a chance to write
another volume of his autobiography, and
the very tbougnt of it makes the diplo
mats shudder.
Hotel-keepers and boarding-house keep
ers in Washington are sending out reports
that charges during the inaugural will be
reasonable, but of course they reserve the
right to decide what reason is.
There are prospects of as many Senato
rial deadlocks this year as there were two
years ago, and the time is approaching
When we shall have to elect Senaiors by
the people in order to get them elected
at all.
A Chicago audience won a victory over
the high theater-hat by hooting at it, but
it was a fleeting triumph. The hoots
passed away with the occasion, but the
hat remains and is still regarded as a
thing of beauty.
The salient feature of the Cuban ques
tion is the fact that Spain cannot conquer
the island, and, that being so, it would be
in the interest of business and diplomacy
as well as of humanity to interfere and
prevent a further destruction of property
and effusion of blood.
Although Mr. Wanamaker will not go
to the Senate his idea of a tariff ought to
have a place there. In a recent Interview
he sand: "1 favor a tariff high enough to
remunerate manufacturers, that they may
be able to keep their employes going the
full week at eood wages, and to exclude
everything- that we can grow or make in
this country."
A resolution in the State Senate in
structing our Senators and requesting our
Representatives in Congress "to use their
utmost endeavors to secure for ourvarious
industries the full measure of protection
which they deserve" wan opposed by every
Democrat in the Senate except one. Much
allowance must be made for inveterate
free-traders, and yet it Is hard to under
stand why even they should oppose a de
cree of protection which is limited to
what our industries "deserve."
The Washington Star quotes a promi
nent citizen of Cape May as saying: "If
whales were as profitable as they formerly
were a fortune could now be easily made.
I was at Santa Barbara last year and the
school of whales protected by the Gov
ernment has so increased in numbers that
it is seldom some of them are not in sight
of land." Here is a hint for Santa Bar
bara's next festival. Let her decorate her
echool of whales and give a marine show
that will cast Venetian carnivals into the
pale shades.
A PUBLIC DUTY.
It is a duty to the public on tha part of
every citizen of light and leading to at
tend the mass-meeting which is to be held
at the Merchants' Exchange this after
noon. The meeting is called for the pur
pose of petitioning Congress to pass the
Nicaragua canal bill, and it should take
no urging to induce every man who takes
an intelligent interest in the welfare of
California to be present and add to the
petition all the weight which his influence
can supply.
It is expected the Nicaragua canal bill
will be taken ud in the Senate this week,
and there is a probability that it may also
have a hearing in the House of Repre
sentatives. The Senate seems inclined to
favor the passage of the bill, but the House
is more doubtful, and a resolute expres
sion on the part of the business men of
San Francisco wilt therefore be of value
to the advocates of the measure in urging
its enaction.
The Senate steering committee decided
last week to give the bill the right of way
in that body and it will be taken up there
at once. Senator Morgan will have charge
of the measure, and it is reported that he
is desirous of reaching a vote before the
end of the week. It is said that not many
Senators will care to speak on the ques
tion, though most are believed to be favor
able to it. If this is true the Senator's de
sire for. an early rote may be attained,
and one-half of the battle in Congress be
won before the week closes.
In the House a different condition of
affairs prevails. There are no bills of
great National importance on the House
calendar, and it will be remembered that
the Committee on Rules gave a bearing to
the Nicaragua canal bill last week. From
this we may draw a promise that the sub
ject will be taken up by the Representa
tives at a comparatively early date, even
if it should be postponed until after this
week. The House, however, i 3 not- so
much inclined to the measure as the Sen
ate, owing to the fact that a considerable
number of Representative-* believe there
should be a strict economy in all National
expenditures.
Such being the condition of affairs in
Congress, a decided action on the part of
the business men of Ban Francisco will
undoubtedly have considerable weight in
advancing the measure. It will give evi
dence that the people do not regard the
construction of this canal in any sense as
an extravagance or waste of public money ;
that on the contrary it is looked upon as
an economy in the highest sense of the
word, and is urgently needed for the pro
motion of all the industries and interests
not of the Pacific Coast only, but of the
whole Union.
We urga every citizen, therefore, to at
tend the mass-meeting. The assembly
should be large enough to render it cer
tnin the resolutions adopted express the
sentiments of the business men of San
Francisco. The meetinsr is to be Held this
afternoon at the Merchants' Exchange.
Be sure you are present.
GOOD ROADS.
It is noted that wherever a State Legis
lature is in session at this time the subject
of improved highways is receiving more
than ordinary attention from the Legis
lature and from, the public. In fact
measures looking to that end are regarded
as more important in every Northern
State than any other. The Southern
Legislatures seem to be devoting their time
mainly to school improvements, and there
can be little question that they are right in
doing so, since all things taken into consid
eration good schools should precede good
roads.
In California we are as a matter of course
in nearer touch with the Northern than
with the Southern States. Our school sys
tem is so near perfect under existing con
ditions in the State that the advancement
occupies but little part of public attention
or legislative study. It is different, how
ever, with the road system. In the con
struction of our highways we are so far
behind our needs it is not surprising to
learn that no less than seven biils designed
to promote road improvement will be sub
mitted to the present Legislature.
It is reported that during the fiscal years
'94-95 there was expended in California up
ward of $2,000,000 for repairs on highways.
That is an enormous sum to be expended
merely for repair work and is in itself an
evidence that the roads have never been
well constructed. It would therefore very
clearly be an economy to expend more
money on the first cost of the roads an 1
save s iarge portion of -this enormous out
lay required to keep them in order.
The subject deserves the most careful
consideration on the part of the Legisla
ture. It is not one on which a decision
should be reached hastily. There are
good arguments why the construction of
the main roads of the State should be
placed under State control, and there are
also gdod arguments why the present
system should be maintained. The ex
ample of Santa Clara County in road
work shows us what can be accomplished
under the present laws if rignt men are
elected as Supervisors. On the other
hand, there are some counties too poor 10
construct and maintain thorouehly good
highways, and it would seem to be expe
dient for the State to assist, them in pro
viding the main roads of travel.
There is no reason why California
should not have as goud highways as any
State in the Union. We have not the
severe climatic conditions to contend
against that are so hard on road construc
tion in the East. Moreover, a large por
tion of our roads run through level
valleys, where the first cost of construc
tion is comparatively slight. We have in
abundance all the material needed (or
road worK, and we certainly have the
skill and energy necessary for construc
tion. It is to be hoped, therefore, the
present Legislatura will devise some
means for promoting this much needed
improvement, and that California in this
as in other things ■will take rank among,
the most advance: Stites in the Union.
ARIZONA.
The publication in the New York Tribune
of an article by Whitelaw Reid which was
republished in The Call ol yesterday will
serve to direct the attention of Eastern
people to the advantages of Arizona as a
place of winter residence for those whose
lungs are not strons enough to endure
either the severe cold of the East or the
damper weather of California.
To persons in normal health no better
winter climate can be found anywhere
than that of San Francisco and California
generally. Mr. Reid, however, like &o
many other persons of weaker lungs, has
found a drier atmosphere necessary to his
health, and has discovered during a flve
months' residence, in Southern Arizona
what is to him and those like him a veri
table winter paradise.
In giving his experience Mr. Reid stated
that during the live months he was in
Arizona in wmter there was but one day
when the weather made it actually un
pleasant for him to take exercise in the
open air. He goes on to say: "Of course,
there were a good many days which a
weather observer would describe as
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 19, 1897.
'cloudy* and some that were 'showery,'
but during thes* five months (rom No
vember, 1895, to May, 1896), there were
only four days when we did not have bril
liant sunshine at some time during the
day."
The large nnd varied experience of Mr.
Reid in searching for winter sunshine en
ables him to speak as an expert. He has
tried all the lamous lands of the Old
World in search of a pleasant winter cli
mate for weak lungs and has found none
equal to that which we have in our own
country. He says:
The atmosphere is singularly clear, tonic
and dry. I have never seen it clearer any
where In the world. It seems to have about
the same bracing and exhilarating qualities
as the air of the Great Sahara in Northern
Africa, or of ttie deserts about Mount Sinai in
Arabia Petrsea. It is much drier than in the
parts of Morocco, Algiers or Tunis usually
visited, and arier than any part of the valley
of the Nile north of the first cataract. It seems
to me about the same In quality as the air of
Die Nile between Assouan and Wady-Halfa,
but somewhat cooler.
The visitor who goes to Arizona for the
winter will find more attractions than
that of climate. Although regarded as a
desert Arizona has wonderful possibilities
of wealth. Her sands can be made as
fruitful as the richest soils in the Union
by irrigation. Many of her valleys are
already becoming noted as fruit-growing
districts, and there can be little doubt
that, like California, Arizona will yet be
richer in her orchards than in her mines.
People who go there simply to seek for
health will find abundant inducements to
remain and make comfortable homes for
themselves all the year round.
One feature of Mr. Reid's article is
worthy of special note. He informs East
ern people that those who go to any con
siderable Arizona tawn with idea 3 derived
from novels or from the Arizona Kicker
will be greatly mystified. • "He will find,"
says Mr. Reid, "as many churches as in
towns of a corresponding size in Pennsyl
vania or Ohio, and probably more school
houses." The standard of living and the
general culture of Arizona is thoroughly
American, and not inferior to that of any
district of equal number of inhabitants in
the East. Arizona is, in fact, a thoroughly
American community, sharing the desti
nies of. American States, having the same
aspirations with any of her sister com
monwealths, and it is gratifying to see
that these facts are beginning to be under
stood by the representatives of high cul
ture in the East.
WINTER SPORTS.
A writer in MeharCs Monthly comment
ing upon the reports of abundant violets
displayed in California on Christmas day,
and the fact that they were gathered in
the open air, expressed some regret that
Eastern States do not have the enjoyment
of this fragrant flower in midwinter, but
found consolation for himself and for his
readers in the thought that while Califor
nians have midwinter violets and roses
they have not the delights of toboggan
ning, skating and sleighriding.
It is evident the writer had not read re
ports from all parts of California. He
was unaware of tiie fact that at this very
time the Californian who desires to do so
can leave the region of blooming violets
and with a comparatively short ride can
transport himself to the rezion where
snowy fields and icy lakes afford him
every sport known to the midwinter
eayetiesof the East. There is at this time
at Truckee a festival of such gayeties go
ing on. In that mountain city can be
found every pleasure which ice and snow
afford, when conducted under the most
favorable circumstances.
The recent visit to Truckee of the mem
bers of the Mystic Shrine from this City
calls renewed attention on our part to the
delightful sports which are now under
way at that place. We are told in the re
ports that the visitors to Truckee enjoyed
themselves with sleighridingfrom Truckee
to Dormer Lake and there 1 had the pleas
ure of fine stating. In Truckee itself the
toboggan slide was running to its full ca
pacity and the skating-rink and ice-palace
were crowded. Good hotels afford ample
accommodation for visitors, and the hos
pitality of the people of the city make
every stranger realize that he is a wel
come guest.
There shonld be more visitors from San
Francisco to Truckee. The changes of
climate, scene and amusement would be
advantageous in more ways than one.
There is a certain health-giving tonic in
the icy air of the snow-covered mountains
which to many people would be more
beneficial than the breezes of the ocean or
the perfume of orange groveß and violet
beds. The. ice festival furnishes some
thing more than a mere variation from
ourcitrus fairs and rose festivals. It offers
health, strength and abounding vitality to
all who take part in it.
We have not made as much use as we
should of our mountain region. We have
dug gold from it; we have cut down trees
on its high slopes; we have made of sev
eral places in it summer resorts, ' and
Truckee of late has led us to behold the
pleasures it offers for midwinter festivals.
Nevertheless these are but ».he beginnings
of the things that should be. Our higher
mountain slopes and the lofty valleys are
destined to become the dwelling places of
8ome»of the sturdiest manhood and most
beautitul womanhood that are to make up
the glory of the California that is to be.
In the dawn of this new era of pros
perity we should begin to profit by all the
advantages and opportunities which theßO
mountain lands afford. We should seek
to bring immigrants not for our valley
lands only to make the desert blossom as
the rose, but to subdue the forests of the
higher hills and transform the mountain
wilderness into civilization.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Lady Randolph Churchill is described as be
ing one of # the most graceful skaters in Eng
land, bhe learned to skate in New York.
M. Hanotaux, French Minister for Foreign
Affairs, has been invested by the Japanese
Charge d' Affaires, M. Kato, with the Order of
the Rising Sun.
The Marquis of DufftTin has accepted the
presidency of a movemoirt started in Bristol,
England, to celebrate the 400 th anniversary
of the discovery of Newfoundland by John
Cabot on June 24, 1497.
Helen Kellar, who is obliged to do her writ
ing laboriously with a pencil on a board
specially prepared for her use, received a most
welcome Christmas giit in the shape of a type
writer. It will be of great service to the re
markable blind girl. .
The Duchess of Portland's gardens are full
of carnations, the latest of which is of unique
coloring, a peculiar heliotrope. The Malmal
son is first favorite of the Duchess, who never
appears without a knot of them, or some other
variety, tucked into her dress.
Joseph B. McCullagh left no will, and his
estate, now in the hands of Dr. William C.
Richardson, the Public Administrator, will be
divided between seven sets of heirs, part of
whom live in Dublin, Ireland. A conserva
tive estimate of the value of the estate is
$210,000.
Said George Da Maurier once in a private
chat: "I think that the best years in a man's
life are nfter hu H 40, A man at 40 has
ceased to hunt the moon. I should add that,
in order to enjoy life after 40, it is perhaps
necessary to have achieved, before reaching
thai age, at least some success."
AROUND THE CORRIDORS
George Russell, the cattle king of Nevada,
who was chairman of the National Livestock
Commission at the World's Columbian Exposi
tion and who was chosen one ol the three
Presidential Electors from Nevada in the re
cent election, is among the arrivals at the
Lick.
Mr. Russell has been in the cattle business
in Nevada for about twenty-five years. His
partner is Mr. Bradley, and the firm of Russell
& Bradley own an enormous rancn, reaching
through the three counties of Elko, Lander
and Humboldt. This ranch is stocked with
many thousands of cattle. However, there are
not so many there as formerly, nor through
out the State, for many cattle were sold early
in the fall and shipped away to be fattened on
the Eastern corn.
"The cattle in Nevada have been pretty well
cleaned up," said Mr. Russell. "Beef cattle
GEORGE RUSSELL, the Nevada Beef Karon, Presidential Elector and Recent
Chairman of the National Livestock Commission.
[Sketched from life by a "Call 1 ' artist.]
there now are worth from 6% to 7 cents, and
stock cattle that were worth irom $12 to $14
last summer are now worth $18 to $20.
"The growers are at last making money and
the ruture promises very well for the cattle
men. For five or six years past they have had
a hard pull.
"There seems to be a better demand than I
ever saw before for Nevada cattle in Kansas,
Missouri and other States. Our cattle are not
accustomed to eating corn, but it is said that
after a week or so they take to it and grow
right along.
"The East especially likes our Hereiords, of
which we produce a great many, and for these
from 15 to 25 cents a hundred pounds more is
paid tnan tor other cattle. Everybody who is
in the cattle business is encouraged greatly
by the present condition of things.
"So much money has been lost hitherto
that now the stockmen are getting aroused by
the advanced prices to the place they had
long wanted to get.
"Mining is looking batter in Nevada, too.
North of Elko a big company is opening up
some largo properties. Hundreds of men and
teams are at work there. The supplies are
drawn from Elko."
Mr. Russell will probably be in the City for
some time.
PERSONAL.
G. H. Beard of Chicago is in the City.
F. Tillinghast of Tacoma is at the Palace.
A. B. Thompson of Angels Camp is in town.
Dr. Thomas Flint of San Juan i»at tbe Grand.
R. A. Carpenter of Marysville is at the Lick.
George E. Walker of Juneau, Alaska, is here.
R. J. Widney of Los Angeles is at the Bald
win.
Bertram Hunt of Cripple Creek Is at the
Lick.
J. W. JohnEonof San Luis Obispo is at the
Rues.
G. G. Kimball, the banker, of Red Bluff, is in
town.
W. R. Stitt of Denver arrived here last
night.
R. -A. Howard of Monterey arrived here yes
terday.
Dr. W. A. Phillips of Reno, Nev., is in San
Francisco.
J. D. Culp, the tobacco-grower, of San Felipe,
is in the city.
Mr. and Mrs. H. Newman of Tulare are at the
Cosmopolitan.
F. E. Lusk, the attorney, of Chico, arrived
here yesterday.
John Morris of Petaluma is a recent arrival
at the Cosmopolitan.
Dr. Gilatrap, recently from Tulare, is a guest
at the Cosmopolitan.
Fred S. Proctor is down from Sacramento,
and ii at the Palace.
John Henderson, a business man of Fort
Jones, is in the City.
Captain Dornfeld and family of Santa Monica
are at the Cosmopolitan.
J. M. Murray, a furniture manufacturer of
Minneapolis, is a visitor here.
E. M. Mannion, a hardware-dealer of Los
Angeles, is one of the arrivals here.
State Prison Commissioner Robert T. Devlin
of Sacramento is a late arrival here.
John A. Mclntyre, a mining man, who re
sides in Sacramsnto, is at the Grand.
Ex-Superior Judge A. P. Catlin of Sacra
mento is among the arrivals at the Lick.
R. M. Clarke of Carson, ex-Attorney-General
of Montana, Is a late arrival in the City.
Walter C. Lewis, a mining and business man
of Butte, Mont., is among recent arrivals.
E. L. Sargent, general freight agent of the
Texas and Pacific Railroad, is in the City.
Henry S. Mackay and Kobert B. Blodgett,
business men of Boston, are at the Palace.
C. H. Cook ot the new camp of Gold Creek,
north oi Elko, in Nevada, la a late arrival here.
District Attorney Barnes was able to be at
his office yesterday, after several days' illness.
Dr. A. E. Osborne, superintendent of the
Home for the Feeble-minded at Eldredge, is in
town.
President David Starr Jordan of Stanford
University is among the arrivals at the Occi
dental.
Thomas B. Dorsey, the mining man and
stock-raiser, of Stanislaus County, is a late ar
rival here.
P. D. Russel of East St. Louis, general freight
agent of the St. Louis and San Francisco Rail
road, has arrived in the City.
W. D. Tobey of Carson, the wealthy lumber
manufacturer and business man, is at the
Palace, accompanied by Miss Tobey.
J. J. Brown and James A. Shinn, mining men
lof Colorado, who have been visiting It and s
burg and making investments there, are in
town. They were some two weeks at .Rands
burg and think well of that camp.
James H. Wadsworth, a ranch-owner, cattle
raiser and business man of Yreka, is here for
a few days, and is registered at the Lick.
C. H. Hammett of Chicago, who hsis been
making purchases of property in Tehama
County, is among those registered at the Grand.
Captain T. S. Hlnsdale, who owns several
vessels here, returned yesterday from Santa
Barbara, where he has been on a visit for
recreation and pleasure.
E. F. Cullen, with the Sander Lumber Com
pany, Mellwood, Fresno County, a well-known
Bohemian boy in this Cily some years ago, is
on a visit to his parents here from the lumber
camp.
Walter T. Blake, city editor of the Stockton
Independent, who a couple of years ago was
set upon by a footpad near the southeast cor-
ner of the Palace. Hotel and badly injured, is
on a visit to the City.
Hon. R. R. Bigelow, formerly Chief .Justice
of the Supreme Court of Nevada, has removed
to this City, and will take up. his residence
here for the purpose of engaging in the prac
tice of his profession as an attorney-at-law.
O. H. Woodward, president of the First Na
tional Bank of Fresno, and T. C. White, who
is Interested in the same bank, were among
the arrivals here yesterday. Mr. Woodward is
one of the early settlers of Fresno, and is one
of the most substantial business men in the
San Joaquin Valley.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 18.— At the Hoffman,
C. Banderman; Marlboro, J. C. Siegfried;
Broadway, H. Rodgers ; Imperial, F. M. Leland ;
Amsterdam, G. H. Keddig; UDion-square, C. A.
Lindner; Metropolitan, C. L. Porter; Conti
nental, A. Mcßean.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
•Schoolboy — I alwas envied Csesar.
Teacher — Well, he was a Treat general.
Schoolboy— Yes ; and he didn't have to Study
Latin.— Somerville Journal.
Some poets write on inspiration, but most of
them write on an empty stomach.—Philadel
phia Record.
"How is it that Watley has so many new
suits? He gets a small salsry."
"Oh, he is an electrician, and his clothes are
all charged."— Detroit Free Press.
An Englishman was once in a train which
was "held up" by Carlists in Spain, and over
heard a Spanish gentleman who was over
come with fright murmuring to himself: "To
dif> so young; to leave my wife and babies; oh,
iiissadl and I haven't even had my break
fast."—London Tit-Bits.
Mrs. X. Peck— Papa always was a great joker.
Mr. N. Peck— That's so. When I asked him
for you he said, "i'ake her, young man, and
be happy."— lndianapolis Journal.
The Government having bought 75,000
pounds of dried apples for the Indian schools,
these institutions may be expected to turn out
some swell graduates.— Kansas City Journal.
Yes, the old songs are the sweetest,
But, ulas, and luckaday,
When the old Riris try to slDg them,
People rise and flpe away.
Suitor (seeing a flower on the table)— May I
take this as a token of your friendship?
Fashionable Miss — Good gracious, no, slrJ
Why, that's my new bonnet. — Spare Moments.
CARNIVAL AND CYCLISTS.
A Meeting Calleil for Thursday Night
at the California Hotel.
Hon. F. H. Kerrigan of the executive
committee of the Golden Gate Carnival,
who bas charge oi the wheelmen's inter
ests in the carnival, has called a meeting
of the representatives of the Association
of Cycling Clubs, members of the Cycling
Board of Trade and others interested in
bicycling matters, to be held in the assem
bly-room at the California Hotel onThurs
day evening next at 8 o'clock.
Bicycle men are enthusiastic over the
prospect of havine a day entirely devoted
to themselves and promise to render
hesrty support to the carnival. In view
of this fact it is desired that a full attend
ance shall be present, S3 the representa
tives of local wheelmen go East to attend
a meeting of the National Wheelmen at
Buffalo next month. It is expected that
bicycle men from all parts ot the United
States will be there, and local representa
tives desire to be in a position to know
what to tell Eastern riders what they may
expect when they reach San Francisco.
Among the features thai it is proposed
to introduce on bicycle day is a platoon of
police mounted on wheels. There are a
number of riders in the department, and
the novel effect of a body of police on
wheels is considered a matter of attraction.
Lecture on Venice.
To-night at 8 o'clock the third lecture in the
university extension course before the Young
Men's Christian Association will be given at
the association auditorium, Mason and Ellis
streets, by Professor M. S. Gross, Dean of the
University of the Pacific. The professor's
lecture will be on "Beautiful Venice," and it
will be extensively illustrated by dissolving
views. Venetian music and serenades will be
rendred under the direction of Professor H. J.
Stewart, assisted by Messrs. John Marquardt,
Frank Coffin, F. G. B. Mills. Mrs, Frank L.
Wratten and Miss dough. The lecture will be
open to the public.
A DAY OF REST,
AND AID FOR INDIA
Pastors Will Try to Hold
the Public to Only Six
Days' Work.
Horrors of the Famine in Asia
Described to the Minis
ters.
A Big Mass-Meeting Will Bo Held,
With These Two Objects
in View.
It is now practically settled that a mass
meeting will be held in order to stir up
public interest in sending relief to the suf
ferers from the famine in India.
The petition circulated by members of
the faculty ot the University of California
and citizens of Berkeley is being widely
circulated and long rolls of signatures are
accumulating to the request that prompt
aid be sent to the starving sufferers.
"Yesterday the clergymen appointed by
the various bodies held an enthusiastic
meeting at the Young Men's Christian
Association in conjunction with well
known citizens of this City and of Berke
ley. The feeling was freely expressed that
the time .had come for prompt action.
The following gentlemen were appointed
a deputation to wait on the Mayor and
request his co-operation and call a mass
meeting of the citizens of San Francisco.
A committee consisting of Rev. F. J.
Masters, i). D., representing the Methodist
Episcopal pastors, James L. Barker 'of
Berkeley, Rev. FranK S. Ford, represent
ing the Christian church; Rev. William
C. Pond, representing th© Congregational
pastors; and Rev. James Sunderland,
D.D., representing the Ba-ptist pastors,
was appointed to wait on Mayor Pneian
yesterday afternoon, but owing to a pres
sure of public business he could not re
ceive them, and it was therefore decided
that James L. Barker, chairman of the
committee, should communicate with
Mayor Phelan and arrange an early date
for the mass-meeting. In the meantime
Mayor Phelan has issued the following
call for aid for the starving sufferers:
Any contributions of grain or money for the
relict of the people oi India, now suffering
from famine, will be properly cared for and
forwarded if consigned to the Columbian
Bnnking Company of San Francisco, which
volunteers to act as custodian or agent.
The Sabbath observance committees,
appointed by the various ministerial
bodies, met at the Young Men's Christian
Association Hall yesterday with the ob
jectof arranging a mass-meeting to agi
tate rest on tne first day of the week and
also to take preliminary steps for having
a Sabbath law introduced into the Legis
lature.
Rev. Dr. Ketcham of Berkeley was ap
pointed a committee of one to go to Sac
ramento and lobby for a Sabbath observ
ance bill, which it is hoped will be intro
duced by the Assemblyman from Ban
Mateo County. It was resolved to utilize
the old bill of 1895 and to leave its modifi
cation to the Committee on Morals. Rev.
Dr. Spalding of St. John's Episcopal
Church, Rev. Dr. Case antt Rev. F. Far
rand were appointed a committee to ar
range for a mass-meeting. Most of the
pastors were in favor of stirring up
workinernen to a sense of their right to
one day's rest a week. Rev. F. Boynton
of the First Baptist Church, however, con
tended that the demand for a State Sab
bath law should be based solely on re
ligious grounds.
Rev. Dr. Chalfant of Pittsburg gave an
interesting address at the Presbyterian
Ministerial Union on missionary wark
in Northern China. In speaking of ;he
financial aspect of the case he said that
the churches in Northern China when
once established become self-supporting.
"Money goes a long way there, a man who
has an income of $3 a month is well oft,
if he receives $5 a month he can live at
the top oi the style and keep open house.
The native churches in order to show
their respect for their pastors fixed the
ministerial salary at $5 a mouth, but
recently they advanced the sum to $8 a
month. The missionaries do not want it
to be more for fear of cultivating a mer
cenary spirit, as a higher salary might
possibly induce people to enter the minis
try from mercenary motives." Dr. Chal
fant said he wanted his bearers to keep
before them the fact that China is yield
ing to the Gospel.
The Baptist Ministers' Conference was
given an encouraging accovnt of bis work
by Evangelist NoryelL Frank Sullivan,
editor of the Baptist religious organ in
this City, spoke in an interesting way on
"Religious Socialism."
Rev. D. Carroll spoke at the Methodist
ministers' meeting on "Evangelization in
Cities." He strongly urged the needs of
tho work, saying: "The f'lture of the
City is the future of the Nati >n."
At the Congregational ministers' meet*
ing Rev. Dr. Aron Willian-s spoke on
"The True Conception of God."
At the Christian Church Meeting yes
terday Rev. J. W. Hudson, associate min
ister of Central Christian Church of Oak
land.spoke on "The Attitude cf the Minis
ters Towardthe Scientific Spirit."
The specia'i meetings at the iSpworth M
E. Church, conducted by Rev. H. W.
Baker, will continue till Thursday. The
revival meetings at tho Third Baptist
Church on Powell street are proving very
successful.
C. V. S. Gibbs, at the earnest solicitation
of the board of trustees of Sw .Luke's
Hospital, has consented to continue in
the office of the presidency of th*t institu
tion. His .three years' administration
has been so successful that the hospital
has a balance of $7000 cash in hand.
The fifteenth quarterly convention of
the Epworth League Alliance wil: be held
in the California-street M. B. Church on
Thurbday.
"HARD TIMES SOCIAL"
A Unique Entertainment to Be Given
at Howard Church.
The young people of Howard Jfresby
terian Church will give a "hard times
social" and banquet on Friday evening
next, in the parlors of the church, corner
of Oak and Baker streets. The manage
ment announces that all persons wearing
any of the superfluities of dress will be
arrested and fined accordingly. The fol
lowing are quoted as samples of what may
be expected:
Patent leather shoes.: 5c Silk waists Be
Polished boots or Silk skins 6c
5h0e5.......... ;•»... 6c Gloves. 6c
Razor or toothpick Walking sticks 6c
5h0e5...... 6c Sweaters 6c
Bald heads....". -.6c Fresh laundrled
Witts...... '25c shirts 2V 2 c
Hair pompadour. .... 6c Fresh laundried
Men's nair, parted in collars ...:...i....2%c
center V .6c Fresh laundfaed
Ladies' hair, parted i cuff5......... ...>...2iAc
onslde 5c Neckties (fashion-
Fashionable dresses.. 6c able)... ...2Vic
The. following excellent programme of
vocal and instrumental music will be ren
dered: piano duet, the Misses Baldwin;
recitation, Miss Cranston; vocal solo,
Miss tollman;' flute »010, Mr. Carruthers:
piano solo, Miss Mary Erown; recitation,
Mr. Orr; vocal solo, Miss Hapburn.
"Mechanics' Night."
If tie demand for tickets on the part of
young men for Mechanics' night at the Young
Men's Christian Association Auditorium,
Mason and Ellis streets, next Thursday even-
Inc, is an indication of the interest taken in
the HtFair the hall will te crowded to its ut
most capacity. Professor NuWton, the elocu
tionist, will give several of his best selections.
Kdwßrd Coleman, president ot the Pacific
Kolliug-raills, is to preside, and a brief ad
dress will be made by Irving M. The
California Quartet will also King and there
will be insti umtmtal music by a select or
chestra. Ail mechanics desiring to attend
should apply at the association building at
once for tickets as the evening promises to be
one of preßt enjoymeut. There will be special
class work ami a besket-bal game in the
gymnasium following the exen Ises in the hall.
S. H. Tacy's Advice.
The members of the Manufacturers' and
Producers' Association have recently received
letters from S. H. Tacy, who was formerly
manager of the association. In these he urges
the association to affiliate with the Phila
delphia Commercial Museum. He states that
the cost would be only $50, and the a 'vantages
he •claims would be great. The museum has
an exhibit of raw and manufactured products
from all parts of the world, and it is a dis
tributing center for all news and information
that would be of value to commercial and
manufacturing bodies. The museum will
probably be a State body. Tacy's proposition
will be considered. v
• — •- ,
Two pounds cream mixed candies in hand
some basket; only 50c. Townsend's, Palace bg. %
Standard patterns, highest perfection, lowest
price. Domestic office, 1021 Market, nr. 6th.*
• — * — • __
Finest eyeglasses, neckties, 10c to 40c. Sun
days, 740 Market, Kast shoestore; week days
65 Fourth, next bakery. • '
• — » — •
Special information dally to manufacturers,
business houses and public men by the Prasi
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery.*
— ♦ — •
Husband's Calcined Magnesia— Four first
premium medals awarded. More- agreeable to
the taste and smaller dose than other mag
nesia. For sale only in bottles with registered
trademark label. *
• — — »
Sir Arthur Sullivan is at work in his villa at
Nice on the balletTmusic for "The'Alhambra,"
which some time ago he agreed to furnish.
Rehearsals ot the new production are to begin
In March. _______________
Phillips' Bock island Excursions
Leave San Francisco every Wednesday, via R|»
Grande and Koclc Island Hallways. Through
tourist sleeping-cars to Chicago and Boston. Man
ager and porters accompany these excursions to
Boston. For tickets, sleeping-car accommodation!
and further Information, address Clinton Jones,
General Agent Kock Island Hallway, 80 Mont
goiuery street, ban Francl-on.
• — « — •
A COT7OH Shotjxd SotßeSkolectid. "Brown' i
Bronchial Troches" are a simple remedy and give
Immediate relief. Avoid imitations.
Aiwats keep in the house a bottle Of Ayer*s
Cherry Pectoral, for throat and lung troubles.
Your druggist has Ayer's Almanac.
"You allude to a lot of smoking ruins in
your story," remarked the city editor.
"Yes," replied the reporter; "they were
there.".
"But I didn't send you to write about a con
flagration. This was a semi-social occasion."
"I know it. But there were a lot of cigarette
fiends present."— Washington Star.
sew TO-DAY.
Yoftfemifsbiiot
buy trophy'
Baking Powder
simply for econ-
omy's sake, but
for the clean,
pure, fresh, frag,
rant cake and
pastry you are
after. That's
why we repeat:
Will any bak-
ing do? Then
Trophy is
too* good fo^
you." i
19 Tillmann StßcnSel, -Slfhb j
MASS-MEETING!
NICARAGUA CANAL
The Chamber of Commerce of San Fran-
Cisco respectfully invites all the Civic As-
sociations and Citizens of our City to at-
tend a public meeting at the Merchants'
Exchange Assembly Hal] on
TUESDAY, JANUARY 19, 1897,
At 1 o'clock P. M. sharp, to take favorable
action on the Nicaragua Canal Bill, now
pending in Congress. The time has ar-
! rived when we should aid the friends of
the Pacific Coast in Washington in pro-
curing the construction of this beneficent
work, of such vital advantage to the Pa-
cific Coast and to our country. .
ANNUALMEETING.
The Chamber .of Commerce will con-
vene in Annual Session at 2 o'clock P. M.,
game date. Reports of officers and the
following subjects will be presented:
1. The State Quarantine Service.
2. Life-Saving Station at Point Arena.
3. The Arbitration Treaty.
4. Seawall and Belt Railway. ■ f
All members are requested to attend.
By order of the Board of Trustees.
Attest: . HUGH CRAIG.
WILLIAM L. MERRY, ' President.
Secretary and Treasurer.
IlilfillS £1 "7* we have to sell and what
fijpjf II n I we sell it at has always
■fill n JU I been ollr strontrhold in
II II f| |J : advertising. We leave
the' grand displays,
fancy pictures, fancy borders and glitter-
ing generalities to tiioso who can pay for
a whole page; our modest notices may
not attract every reader, but the quality
of our goods and the prices will commend
them.
Toy wagons or carts, little folks ...*.. . . 6c
Bigger ones, all wood bodies,.. 14c
Ingrain carpets, yard wide, low as 'Zoo
Ladies' sandals, rubber overshoes, 2%
Tto 6 ................. „.... 25c
Little boys' high boots, stout i....5l 25
Men's genuine call b00t5.......... ... $3 00
All-wool, 36-inch ladies' cloth ....... 24c
](X) bargains every day.
SMITH S STORE.
New place, on Market st., near iheferrjr.
>33w ,„ « n » ta (fell
TUESDAY..'. JANUARY 19, 1897
AMUSEMENTS.
JUimrrN* TnKATKB.—
Columbia 1 nKATKR-"J)evil's Auction."
Moboscos CrMtA-Hovsk. — "Aeainst the
Stream."
Alcazar Theater.— "A Fair Rebel."
Tivoli Opera Uot'SK.— "Jack and The Bean-
stalk.
Ok rHFrM— High-Class Vaudevill°.
• Peoplf.'h Palack.— Mahara's Refined Minstrels
\. M. C. A. Hall (Oakland)— Oriental Enter-
tainment, to-night, at a o'clock.
"hie Chutes ani> Skati.nh TUxk.— Daily at
Height street, one block east of the Park.
fcuTßo Baths— Bathing and performance*
Pacific Coast Jockey Club.— Races to-day.
AUCTION hALES.
Ft Chas. Levy <& Co.— This day, January 19.
Furniture at salesroom, 1136 Market street, at 10
o'clock.
By Indiana Arcriov Co.-This day. January
19, Furniture, at 1057 Market St.. at 11 o'clock.
■By J. C. Muther— This day, January 19, Fur-
niture, at 313 Gough street, a.t"ll o'clock.
Ey I* H. BrßD— This day, January 19, Fur-
niture, at 216 Golden Gate aye.. at 11 o'clock.
By M. J. Mcßride— Thursday January 21,
Horses, at 507 Jessie street, at 11 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Cloudy Tuesday, but probably without rain.
Light northerly winds.— Foreoaater McAdie.
The Hayes Valley Improvement Club elected
permanent officers at Its meeting last nieht.
Pastors of various denominations arranged
yesterday to hold a Sabbath day mass-meeting.
The Golden Gate Park Driving Association
■met last night and elected officers for the en
duing year.
Frederics Albrecht was acquitted of the
charge of forgery in Judge Carroll Cook's
court yesterday.
The Grand Jury did not hold its special ses
sion yesterday on account of the death of the
wife of Cuptain Lees.
Margaret McCormick has sued Mrs. M. Wat
son for on account of rent due for an up
per flat, 413 Eddy street.
Bella Odlin has sued Charles Odlln for
divorce, and Ralph L. Knapp has applied for a
divorce from Eleanor Knapp.
George F. Cameron has been appointed as
signee of Barrett & Sherwood, insolvent debt
ors, with bonds fixed at $6000.
A mass-meeting is to be held to lay before
the public the horrors of the famine in India
and create sympathy for the sufferers.
There was a minor change in clerkships in
augurated yesterday in the headquarters of
the Southern Pacific Railroad Company.
The winners at Emeryville track yesterday
■were: San Marco, Jack O'Lantern. Lost Girl,
Hey del Bandidos, Salvable and Benamela.
The annual meeting of the Chamber of Com
merce will be held to-day and many important
matters of public interest will be discussed.
The house 423 Eleventh avenue was en
tered by a burglar yesterday alternoon and
eet on fire to cover the evidence of his crime.
Judge Belcher yesterday dismissed 152 cases
that have been incumbering his calendar
with no apparent prospect of ever coming to
trial.
Julius Ming has been sued by Joseph O. To
bin and others to recover $100 rent and- to re
gain possession of premises Known as 531 Cal
ifornia street.
The funeral of the late Jane Amelia Lees
was attended yesterday by representatives of
the bench, bar and mercantile as well as
■ municipal circles.
George Moore pleaded guilty to the charge
of burglary yesterday and Judge Dunne sen
tenced him to two years' imprisonment in
SauQuentin States prison.
An unknown man, evidently insane, caused
Fome excitement on Sutter street, between
Taylor and Jones, last night, by firing shots
from a revolver into the air.
The preliminary case of ex-Xotary Public J.
J. Cooney, charged with perjury, will; bo heard
in Judge Carroll Coot's department of the Su
perior Court at 9:30 this morning.
Advices from Honolulu show that the Ha
waiian Xational Guard team of 100 men was
defeated by the California riflemen in the
iuter-republic match for a trophy.
Hon. M. M. Estee lectured last night for the
Young Men's Institute before a laree audience
i t Metropolitan Temple, his theme being
"The Groundwork of Our Liberties."
The residents of Ocean View, at a meeting
held on Sunday, complained of general neglect
on the part ot the City authorities regarding
the sanitary condition of their town.
T. W. Harris, a conductor on the Valencia
street car?, was arrested yesterday on the
charge of assault to murder by stabbing James
Creamer, a young man, In tho abdomen.
John W. Mackay and James L. Flood have
sued H. Gudehus, administrator of the estate
of Henry E. Trubenbach, for .«41,722 31, due
on promissory notes made by the decedent in
1893.
Sausalito is likely next Monday evening to
adopt the plan of issuing bonds tor street im
provements. The plan* has proved a success
in several of the cities in the southern part ol
the State.
Gus f-orger, a teamster, Fred Gerbardy, a
cook, and Wiiliam Roderwald, a laborer, were
srrested early yesterday morning for a brutal
assault upon Mrs. Alary E. Aiarkey of 120
Folsom street.
. Railroad Commissioner Stan ton says no 4
per cent compromise in grain ratea would be
considered by the commission and that it is
the duty of the commission to make its own
investigation.
State Organi«er John S. Clark of the Labor
Exchange addressed a meeting at Pythian
Hall last evening, reporting the establishment
of half a hundred branches in the State, all
doing good business.
Ellis Swain, son of Dr. bwain, dentist, and
James w ilson, an attorney's clerk, were ar
rested early yesterday morning for an attempt
.to commit a criminal assault upon Mrs Belle
Kower, the wife of a barber.
Harry Goldmeyer, teamster, living at 135
Rusa street, was tnrown from his wagon last
evening at Second and Howard streets and
had his left ankle broken, which was attended
to at the Receiving Hospital.
. J. Boas has sued Ly On Wing <fc Co. and Chov
Art Kirn Lung <fe Co. for .*IOOO, due on a
promissory note, with interesa at i\ p' el f .,. n .
a month from August 24, 1894, ana for 8600
with interest from September 15, 1895-.
The Rosedale Club, a social organization
■with headquarters at 535 Washington .street'
has been incorported by Ferdinana Zi.-'l
mayer, Peter Mnrtiliano, August Mortola
Frank Mortola and William H. Murphy.- '
Miss Rose O'Hal!oran,;whose astronomical
work has caused mnch favorable comment,
will lecture on "Celestial Scenery* at the
t:iion Square Hall Thursday evening next.
J ne lecture will be profusely illustrated with
. Btereopticon views.
A bonded indebtedness of $500,000 has
been created by the San Francisco and Ban
Joaquin Coal Company. The certificate of in
debtedness is signed by Henry Williams, J. I).
Fry, Henry F. Kortma'n, K. B. Pond, James
Treadwell, Jacob C. Johnson and E. W. Hop
kins.
W. L. Watts of the State Mining Bureau lec
tured at the Academy of Sciences last night
upon his extensive explorations of the oil
fields of Southern California, and exhibited a
large number of fine stereoptieon views of oil
regions, showing particularly the geological
formations.
A bill willbe presented before the Legislature
providing for the appointment of a park com-,
mission of five or scvou instead oi tnree as at
present. It may contemplate the removal of
■the present commission, Irving M. fccou thinks
1m possibly the cause of the rabid attacks be
ing niado on the commission.
RAILROAD NOTES.
Change of Clerk*— Magnates Go North
and South.
There was a change of clerks inaugu
rated yesterday in the passenger depart
ment of the Southern Pacific- Kailroad
Company at its headquarters on Mont
gomery street. William Ros3 is now in
charge of the scalp ticket business and the
adjusting of baggage claims, Chris Lin
coln is chief rate clerk and E. Wade local
rate clerk. No fault was found with the
clerks displaced, who are provided for
elsewhere.
(On Saturday First Vice-President
Cnarles F. Crocker and Manager -Jerome
A. Fillmore left for El Paso. Sunday H.
E. Huntington, Third Vice-President J. C.
Assistant General Passenger
, Agent R. H. Judah and General Freight
Agent C. F. Smurr composed a party
which left for Portland, Or.
A Cigar-maker's Suicide.
William H. Hubbard, a cigar-maker, 336 Bush
Street, was found dead in his room yesterday
morning. He bad turned on the gas because
without Junuß. He baa a wife in tue iiast.
LAUNCH OF THE
STEAMER HELENE
A New Vessel for the Island
Trade Successfully
Floated.
She Will in Future Fly the
Wilder Steamship Company's
Flag.
Scaling Schooners Have Not Done
Well Off the Coast and Hunters
Are Despondent.
The new steel steamer Helene built for
the Wilder Steamship Company of Hono
lulu was launched yesterday from tne
Union Iron Works. Miss Dickson per
formed the ceremony of christening the
new craft and as the graceful vessel glided
toward the waters of the bay she broke a
bottle of champagne over her bow and
gave her the name under which she will
sail from San Francisco. On arriving at
Honolulu the Helene will be put under
the Hawaiian flag and a native name will
be given her, the present one being be
stowed only for the save of her American
registry.
The new steamer is 175 feet long, 29 feet
11 inches broad and 14 feet 10 J^ inches
deep. She will be used in the inter-island
trade, and is expected to be one of the
fastest boats in the company's fleet. The
latter consists of the Kiuau, Claudine,
Likelike, Hawaii, Kilauea-How, Lehua,
Mokoliiand the Helene. The directors of
the company are the following men, who
are well known in San Francisco: C. L.
Wight, president; W. Q. Irwin, J. F.
Hackfeld, W. F. Allen, S. B. Rose, J. A.
King and G. C. Beckley. The company's
CJaudiue will be remembered as the
steamer that brought the news of the
revolution to San Francisco and the es
tablishment id a republic in Hawaii. The
tonnage of the vessels 13 almost the same,
but the Claudine has more than double
the horsepower of her rival.
Nevertheless the builders of the new
vessel are willing to wager that on her
trial trip the Helene will make a better
record than the CJaudine. The engines
and boilers will at once be put in the new
steamer, and by the end of the month she
will probably go on her trial trip. If she
proves a success she will at once sail for
Kqnolum. The engines have been built
under the supervision of W. A. Johnston,
chief engineer ot the Wilder Steamship
Company, and C. L. Wight, president of
the company, arrived on the Monowai in
order to. be present at the launching. A
drawing was made by the Union Iron
Works showing the Helene as she will ap
pear when on her way to Honolulu.
The Pacific Mail Steamship Company's
Rio de Janeiro got in from Hongkong via
Yokohama and Honolulu yesterday.
Among the passengers were Mrs. Enarna
L. Hunt, and Miss Emma Hunt. Mrs.
Hunt is the representative on this coast
of the tirm of | Jesse Moore-Hunt Com
pany, and her father is Harbor Commis
sioner Cole. She and her daughter have
been on a holiday trip to Japan and China,
and yesterday Commissioner Cole went
out in the tug Governor Markham and
boarded the Rio before she docked.
Other passengers on the steamer were:
C. J. btemier, Paul Strebe, E. Griffin and
wife, H. Kruse and wife, S. G. O. King
and wile. C. S. Moore, T. Monre, H. Alt
man, S. H. Kruse and P. FunKe.
The sealing schooner Rlary Taylor put
in here yesterday to land Thomas Irvine,
one of "the hunters, who was suddenly
taken ill while off theFarallones. He was
senl to St. Maiy's Hospital and if all goes
well will return home on the next Victoria
steamer.
The latest news from Eneland is any
thing but reassuring to hunters ana seal
ers. The latest telegraphic returns are to
the effect that 9kins have brought 12% Der
centless than they did last month and
that tbe general average is only 30s
4J, a price much below what skins
brought last year. In consequence both
owners and hunters will be losers on the
season's catch.
Lulu Gwinn, a 16-year-old girl, was ar
rested on the water front yesterday by
Officer George Lake and booked at the
•Harbor Police station for the reformatory.
For weeks she has been making her head
quarters in a water-front resort, and being
under age the police determined to arrest
her.
The Branch Hydroeraphic Office has
issued the following notice to manners:
Notice is hereby given that a post light,
fixed white, to be known as Martin Island
(lower) post light, has been established off
the lower end of Martin Island, Columbia
River, channel across Martin Island Bar, on
the following bearings: Hodman Landing
Post Lijrht, NW. by W. W.; Murtln Island
(lower) Post Liirtu, S. by k. : }i E.
The light will be shown from a lantern sus
pended from a single pile, painted black,
which stands in Bbout four feet at low water.
The light marks tho turn in the ship channel
at the foot of Martin Island and is about 28
feet nbove low-water mark. The light hitherto
known as Martin Island Post Light will here
after be known as the Martin Island (upper)
!■>.-; Light.
Nonce is also given that the Point Partridge
bellbuoy has been replaced on its bearings
about one mile t«> the westward of Point
Partridge, Strait of Juan de Fuca, Wash.
Point Wilson Lighthouse, southeast half soutn.
Admiralty Head Lighthouse, east southeast
eighth efift. Right tangent to Protection Island,
south by west three-quarters west.
This notice affects the Lin of Lights and
Foe Kignals.'Pncifit; Coast, 1890, page 22, No,
1069. and the List of Beacons and Buoys, Pa
cific Coast, 1895, pages 48 and 59.
Louis Guthrip, an A. B. on the Ameri
can ship May Ftint, was seriously injured
yesterday. While assisting in beuding
sails he fell from alo!t and was cut about
the face and upper part of the body by
the rigging, with which he came in con
tact. He was attended aboard ship, but
the chances are that he will be unable to
sail with ti:e shin when she leaves port.
LIGHT-WEIGHT DOLLARS.
The Sweating l'roceis Detected at
the United States Bab-
Treasury.
United States Sub-Trea3urer Campbell
P. Berry has received a letter from the
Treasury Department notifying him to
keep a sharp lookout for silver dollars that
have been reduced in weight by the sweat
ing process.
"It is supposed that this work has been
by photograohers," said Mr. Berry yester
day, "for they use silver in making photo
graphs. Complaints have come to the
department from bankers all over the
country, Including San Francisco."
Divorces Granted.
Mrs. Alice Arundel has been granted a di
vorce from Frederick \V. Arundel on the
ground of failure to provide: Tilde Pitts from
James Al. Pitts for desertion; Luleamy Turner
from John Turner, failure to provide.
He Fell to Death.
Frederick W. Runge, aged 60 years, fell down
a stairway at 1913 Howard street yesterday
and ditd at once. He was on his way to the
basement when he tell.
Trunks Moved 25 Cents.
Commercial Transfer Company, 43 Sutter st
Tel. main 49. Furniture moved reasonably.*
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 19, IS9T.
The New Steamer Helene That Was Launched From the Union Iron Works Yesterday. When
Completed She Will Be Put in the Inter-Island Trade Under the Flag of the Wilder
Steamship Company. The Accompanying: Sketch Was Made by Mr. Coulter From a
Drawing Furnished by the Union Iron Works Showing the Vessel When Completed.
THE FORFARSHIRE
PLAYED IN LUCK
Murderer Butler Was
Twice Refused a Pas
sage on Her.
First He Wanted a Berth aDd
Then Offered to Ship at a
Shilling a Month.
One of the Crew Was Held on a
Charge of Manslaughter at
the Time.
"Is the Swanhilda the four-master
sighted outside by the Rio de Janeiro?"
is the question everybody along the front
is asking just now. Only two vessels
rigged in this manner are dne, and as the
Oiivebank left before the vessel on which
the murderer of Captain Lee Weller and
Arthur Preston is supposed to have taken
passage, it may be her.
The ves3el in question was sighted at
2:15 o'clock on the 16th inst. in latitude
33 north, longitude 132.02 west. She was
in the regular course of the Australian
sailing ships, and according to the officers
of the steamer should reach port in a few
days. The Oiivebank is out sixty-one
days and the Swanbilda fifty-six days
from Newcastle, N. S. W., but as the lat
ter is the smartest vessel of her class in
the Australian trade, the chances are
somewhat in her fnvor.
Captain Evan* of the British ship For
farphire tad a narrow escape from having
Butler for a passenger. Had he been in
the mood to give the necessary accommo
dation both the murderer and his wife
would have sailed for this port on the
clipper. ,
"It happened just this way," said Cap
tain Evans yesterday. "We were lying in
Sydney harbor getting ready to sail for
Arthur Preston Was the Last Known Victim of Butler, the Supl
posed Murderer Expected on the Swanhilda and for Whom
the Detectives Are Waiting at Meig-gs Wharf. The Above
Sketch Shows the Spot in Which the Murderer Buried
His Victim.
Newcastle to load for San Francisco,
when a man and his wife came along and
wanted to take passage with us. lie
gave the name of Frank Pierce, and ex
plained that his wife wns a very sick
woman and that the doctor had ordered
a long sea voyage for her. I explained
that I bad no accommodation, as my wife
and children were aboard, so he went
away, and I never saw Mrs. Pierce or But
ler again. Later -on I learned thatahe se
cured a passage on another British ship,
but died before the vessel sailed for San
Francisco.
"After reaching Newcastle I again baa
an encounter with Pierce or Butler. He
explained to me that his wife had sailed
for San Francisco on another vessel, and
that he, being out of money, wanted to
work his way across. He offered to ship
at a shilling a month, and, saying he had
a captain's certificate, proposed to stand
one of the watches. He was a big, strong
looking fellow, and at first I felt like ship
ping him, but something deterred me and
I said no. I am glad I did, because then
I would have had two hard characters on
board."
Captain Evans referred- to one of his
crew, who is accused of at least man
slaughter and who made his escape as
soon as the vessel dropped anchor in this
port, when he said "two hard characters."
The tragedy occurred in Cape Town and
the British authorities ordered the culprit
taken back toKngiand for trial. The For
farshire was getting ready few sea and all
hands were called to bend sail. Joseph
March', the boatswain, noticed that Desire
Poweils, one of the men, had not come on
deck. He went into the forecastle and
ordered him out. Powells relused to move
and the boatswain went in and forced him
out. In the fracas that followed Powells
was knocked down, ana then he went for
March like a crazy man. He bit and tore
like a wildcat, and getting the forefinger
of the boatswain's right hand between his
tteth he almost bit. it off. He chewed
pieces of flesh from the unfortunate man's
neck and almost tore all his clothes from
his back belore he was secured.
Marcfi was earned to his bunk and a
few days later blood poisoning set in and
he died. On the preliminary examination
Powells was remanded on boara the For
farshire and went on her from Cape Town
to Newcastle and thence to San Franci3co.
From here the vessel will go to England
and there he would have to stand trial, so
he thought the best thing he could do was
to escape, and now the Forfarshire knows
him no more. He and Butler would have
made a threat pair in the ship's crew.
Captain Evans was here last in the
Cromartyshire as chief officer. That was
ten years ago and ever since he has been
master of the Forfarshire, but this is his
first voyaue to San Francisco in her. The
vessel has been almost continuously trad
ing to Portland, and last year Captain
Evans' little daughter was born there and
was christened Jane Willamette Evans.
Complaints have been made In regard to
the food served on the ship, but the
mate's log shows that the. sick men got
eggs and milk, while the little babe had to
go without. The whole trouble was over
a question of potatoes, and everybody
who has been to sea knows what an
important question that is. They cost an
enormous price in Cape Town, but never
theless the captain laid in a good supply.
When a couple of weeks out the men
refused to eat potatoes, and the captain at
once told the coot "well and good. Let
them go without until they come to me
and ask for them.'' Hence the trouble.
The Forfarshire is a welt-foun.l ship in
every respect, but she seems to have more
than her share of sea lawyers aboard.
Captain Evans is accompanied by his
wife, and while many of the crew do not
like "the old man," there i 3 not one of
them but what would risk hi« life for "the
old man's wife and the baby." Mrs.
Evans is not a nervous woman, but still
she shudders whenever the name of Butler
and the possibilities of his having been a
sailor on the Forfarshire are discus3ed.
At Meiggs wnarf everybody is on the
qul vive.
The Pacific Mail Company's City of
Sydney aid not get away until nearly
midnight yesterday. She left the Mail
I dock at the usual houi, but came to an
anchor off Meiggs wharf to await the
arrival ol Chinese who were in transit and
who had been detained on Angel Island
by the quarantine authorities. The mail
was also delayed, and when the Millen
Griffiths put U aboard and brought the
Chinese from the station the City of
Sydney went on her way.
Hotel Rafael Incorporated.
Articles of incorporation of the R. H. War-
field Company have been filed in. the office of
the County Ulerk. The purposes of the Com
pany are declared to bs to lease and carry on
the Hotel Rafael in San Rafael, Cal.; to con
duct a general laundry business, livery-stable,
florist, business and all ovhor kinds of business
necessary in the premises. The incorporators
nnd trustees of the company are: R. H. War
field, L. K. Warfield, F. E. Hush, D. P. Dorn and
Sam [» Naphtaly. The capital stock is fixed
at $50,000.
DRIVING ASSOCIATION.
The Golden Gate Par* Horsemen Sleet
and Elect Officers for the En
suing Year.
An enthusiastic meeting of the Golden
Gate Park Driving Association was held in
Judge Joachimsen's courtroom last night.
There was a large attendance, the occasion
being the election of officers ior the en
suing year.
Following were the officers elected:
President, Dr. G. W. Leek; vice-president,
Dr. E. J. Egan; treasurer, C. .F. Kapp;
secretary, W. J. Simpson; directors— F.
W. Thompson, D. F. MeGraw, R. W. .Rob
erts, A. Schwartz, L. Richardson, Dr. T.
J. Frazer, J. C. Ahlandii, W. C. Miller, F.
Meyer, T. B. Broderiok, J. D. Hines and
J. McGrath.
It was decided to have drives erery Sun
day on the speed track in the park, com
mencing February 22, and in the spring
the usual big events will be held which
proved so successful and so attractive last
year.
The treasurer reported that the funds
were in a flourishing concfition, and the
association was in every reapect on a solid
ioundation.
NO COMPROMISE
WITH STANTON
A Four Per Cent Grain
Rate Is Not to Be
Considered.
Duty of the Railroad Commis
sion to Make Investiga
tions Alone.
He Thinks Such a-Ccurse Wou d Not
Interfere With Pending
Litigation.
Railroad Commissioner James Stanton
returned yesterday from a several days'
duck hunt and a tramp in the marshes.
The Railroad Commissioner said he re
turned with some webfeet dangling from
his belt, but he would not say how many.
In regard to the reported willingness of
the Southern Pacific to compromise on a
4 per cent wheat rate Commissioner Stan
ton said last evening:
"No such proposition has been made to
me, nor to any other member of the com
mission that lam aware of. The sugges
tion may have been thrown out as a feeler
and if that is the case I do not think it
will go. i have no idea that the commis
sion would enlertain such a thing. Let
the litigation go on if we cannot settle the
matter in any other way.
"As to therights and duties of the com
mission there can be no controversy.
They are clearly and specifically denned
by the constitution, a section of which,
relating to the Railroad Commission, was
published in to-day's Call in connection
with the interview with Mr. Clunie.
•The statement by Mr. Clnnie of
the powers of the commission under
tbe constitution, and to some extent
his presentation of the situation are cor
rect.
"We have the powers and the authority
of a court. We can subpena Southern
racihc officials before us to testify, and if
they do not come we can punish them
for contempt. We also have tbe power to
compel the production of their books and
other material evidence.
"These things," said Commissioner
fitanton, "it is not only in our power to
do, but in the scope of our duty. The
constitution says so. I made a motion at
a meeting of the commission to proceed
under the authority given us, but it did
not prevail, I understand, for the reason
that it was feared it might interfere with
the pending litigation. My- opinion is
that it would not in any way embarrass
the litigution. We could proceed with in
vestigation along other lines.
"I expect to bring the matter up again
at the next meeting. We can make more
progress proceeding under our own au
ti ofity than we can through any court.
I think the Southern Pacific policy is one
of delay, by which the authorities hope
to get a commission at the next election
which may be more favorable to them."
The next meeting of the commission is
one week from to-morrow.
BONDING STREET WORK.
Sausallto 'Likely to Adopt a Plan That
Has Proved a Success -Else
where.
An experiment is being tried in Sausa
lito which is exciting much interest
among local street contractors. Seven
blocks of macadamized and sewered streets
are being advertised at present, which is
some cause for excitement, but; the mode
of payment for the work is the feature
which is discussed earnestly on the aide
walks and on the exchange.
When the contract is let the contractor
obligates himself to take payment in
aerial bonds, which will run for ten years
with interest at 7 per cent. The interest
is payable serni-annually and one-tenth
of the bonds each year. This is a new
feature in this neighborhood, bat in Los
Angeles all street work is now done on
that plan. Some two years ago a piece of
work was done under the ten-year bond
system, as it is called, which led to I. W.
Hellman protesting against payment and
alleging that the law was unconstitutional.
The Supreme Court decided last summer
that the law was all right and street work
has received an impetns since.
A large asphalt paving contract on Main
Btreet has just been completed and the
contractor has received an assessment
which is over $100,000 in value, all to be
paid in the ten-year bond?. Visalia in
1894 did over $30,000 worth of work in the
same manner. The reports from holders
of the bonds show that they value them
as good Investments. In several Southern
California towns and cities the plan is in
use, but in the region round San Francis
co it has never been tried, and Sausalito,
in making the experiment, is going to
help other places wondejfully if the ex
periment is successful and contractors
will take the bonds.
Ernest McCollough, City Engineer of
Sausalito, in speaking of the movement
said:
Ii Sausalito lets Its contract next Monday
night it will be in order for San Francisco and
some of the Cities around the bay to do like
wise and help remove the burdens of taxation
from the shoulders of the people. So long as
street work is necessary there should be easier
metnods ol payment required than at present
exist. Many people now have to sell their
property to pay for its improvement, when
they might uasily be able to raise each year
one-ten tli the amount with interest.
TO KNOW HER WAS
TO ESTEEM HER
Last Tributes Laid on ths
Bier of Mrs. J. A.
Lees.
Burial of a Woman Who Was
Thoroughly Gcod and
Charitable.
The Clergy, B'nch and Bar, Mer
chants and Municipal Officers
Were in Attendance.
Surrounded by her sorrowing family
her bier covered with sweet, delicate,
flowers, all tokens of the great love borne
her by friends who wept sincerely that
she had passed away, Mrs. Jane Amelia
Lees lav yesterday in tne drawing-room
of her late home at 1022 Pine street.
The lovable wife, mother and friend had
many callers, who paid her their last re
spects and accompanied her to the grave.
The old home in which she and her ven
erable husband have lived for a score of
years, and in which they have brought up
their children, was entirely inadequate to
accommodate those who wished to be in
attendance and give a glance of farewell
to the' deceased.
Early in the day floral tributes began
arriving, and long before the hour set for
the ceremony the parlors of the house were
overcrowded with pieces that were tri
umpbs of the florist's art, and fragrant
tokens from sad-hearted ones the de
parted had left behind.
Two floral offerings, monuments In
themselves, were there from the "upper
office," where the men under Captain
Lees hold headauarters, and from the
officers of the police station proper. Each
of four companies of patrolmen was also
represented by superb offerings. These
were irrespective of two magnificent
pieces ordered by telegraph from Chicago
by William and Robert Pihkercon, Cap
tain Robinson and Sergeant Lindheimer
and Captain John Curtfn.
The small flowers, violet?, cut roses and
hand bouquets, filled up the interstice?
between the larger offerings, so that the
casket barely peeped out from beneath
the mass of verdure and colors*
Captain Lees, the chief mourner, saw
many of hia friends and hers around the
casket of his loved one yesterday. During
the four decades he has been one of this
City's representative men and one of its
executive officers, he has conje in contact
with almost every one worth knowing,
and they joined with him in his sorrow.
Aside Irom the leading bankers, merch
ants, attorneys, Judges and municipal of
ficers of the present and of days past.it
must have been gratifying to him if he
saw through his feverish eyes the com
rades who worked their way up through
life with him in his profession, but who,
one after the other, dropped out as time
pinned its limit on their term of servitude
and emblazoned their names on the re
tired list-
There was ex-Chief of Police Burke, now
nearly 76 years of age, who handled the
department when there were but only
fifty officers on the iorce. Ex- Captain
Short, wuo is on the shady side of 89 years
of ape, came with his word of consolation.
Ex-Captain Douglass, "Washington Irving,
ex-Sergeant Harmon and ex-Sergeant Duf
tield were some of the relics of the days
when Captain Lees was himself a youth
and their companion.
The religious ceremonies were conducted
by Rev. Horatio Stebbins, himself a com
panion in youth of Captain Lees and a
dear friend (and adviser of the deceased.
There was but a prayer and later on a
benediction prior to the conveyance of the
remains to the cemetery at Laurel Hill.
The choir, consisting of Mrs. Martin
Schultz, Miss Xena Roberts, Alfred Wil
kie nnd J. F. Fleming, led by Martin
Schultz, rendered "Jesus, Lover of My
Soul" and "Thy Will Be Done."
The pallbearers were: Chief of Police
Patrick Crowley, Reubon H. Lloyd,
Thomas W. Walkin-ton, Dr. John Night
ingale, General W. H. L. Barnes, Citv'and
County Treasurer A. C. Widber, Judge
SEW TO-DAY.
STEINWAY
PIANOS
ARE USED AT ALL
NO R D I C A
Concerts.
SHERHAN, CLAY & CO.,
. Steinway Dealers.
SAN FRANCISCO - Kearn? and Sutter Streets
OAKLAND - Broadway and Thirteenth Streets
PORTLAND. OK. - Fifth and Yamhm Streets
SKATTLK. WASH. ■- - - 71 !> t-pconi street
TOW TO-\t AT— AMUSEMENTS.
A I (lA7AD AN ENORMOUS
ALbAfcflK sucoessi
"A FAIR REBEL!"
The Greatest War I'lay Ever Written.
■L THE LIBBY PRISON SCENE
Aroused Enthusiasm.
The Laying of Tele?raph Lines and Sending and
Receiving Dispatches Caused
Salvos of Applause.
GEORGE ©SBOIIRIE-tBUGO TOLASD
And All the Favorites.
100 Man Of Co. L, Ist Re*., N. G. C, on the Stage.
Our Regular Prices. Phone for.seats— Black 991.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
WALTER MOROSCO. ..Pols Lessee and Manama:
First Presentation on the Pacifle Coast
Of the Emotional Melodrama,
AGAINST THE STREAM !
An Intensely Interesting Story of Love -
and Hatred. Tragedy and Comedy. "
MARVELOUS FIRE SCWEt
Excruciatingly Funny . Specialties I
Thrilling and Exciting c Situations of
Living Interest.
F.rcnlne Prices— l<io,-ar»o anil %n-j,
-Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
TO-NIGHT! — 8 P. M. — TO-NIQHT !
ORIENTAL ENTERTAINMENT.
,\ HASKETT SMITH, ' M.A.
"Tne City of the Great Kins" (Jerusalem).
Y. C. A. Hall, Oakland.
SUTRO BATHS.
Open Daily From 7A. 1. to 8 »'. M. .
Bathine. Including Admission— Adults
. ■ ; 330. Children mix-. ' •■•;.-,■ /.r:- --■;
General Admission, : 10c; Children, 5c
NEW TODAY.
Sag? ■e'sgV?-!""?" i —
A Little Child
With a Little Cold.
That's all!
What of it?
Little colds when neglected
grow to large diseases and
Ayer's Cherry Pectoral
CURES COLDS.
Davis Louderback and Sergeant Joseph
Bee.
The body-bearers detailed by Captain
VVittman were: Officers G. Brown, J. Mc-
Govern, C. C. Wells, P. McGee, J. B.
O'Connor, E. Murphy, J. J. Carroll and M.
Barry.
Captain Wittman was in charge of
thirt3*-two patrolmen, who, in two
platoons, led the funeral march out Pine
street to Hyde, thence to Bu:«h street and
the corner of Van Ness avenue.
Police Pension Fund Attacked.
Counselor Alfred Clarke has filed a petition
In tne Superior Court to have the police pen
sion fund declared insolvent in order that his
clients may have a dividend of 52 cents on
the dollar. At the effice of the Police Commis
sioners it is asserted mat the fund is not only
solvent, but that it has a yearly surplus of
about $20,000, which is turned into the gen
eral lund of the City treasury.
. ; *XEW to-dat:
The very terms on which
Schillings Best tea is sold
are proof of its goodness
and cheapness.
. Your grocer pays you
your money back if you
don't like it. No condi-
tions: your money back ii
you want it. .
A Schilling & Company
San Francisco 51?
XEVT 10-DAT- AMUSEMENTS.
tn!COLAfIOLR.OOTTLOD « a>- Ann rwriAOCßS • • •
MAGNIFICENT ~P GORGEOUS
INDEED. __ EXTREME.
NO SPECTACLE EVER LIKE IT!
••FOREVER."
DEVILS AUCTION.
SO — PEOPLE — SO.
Magnificent scenery.
Gorgeous costumes.
Dazzling armor.
iteautiful ballets.
Noted premieres. ■ .', ■
iiuropean specialties.
A mammoth production.
Dazzling transformations.
Bring the children.
You can't afford to miss it.
NEXT WEEK
ENTIRE CHANGE OF PROGRAMME.
BALDWIN THEATER,
4Lll*iiiA.\iu. (Incorporated). ...fropria.j.-i
NORDICA OPERATIC CONCERTS
Direction of A). Kayman, Klaw A Erlanger.
NORDICA, SCALCHL. BERTHA (Tenor),
DBMPSKY (Basso). LUCKSTOKE,
Pianist and Cooductor.
To-Night (Tues.), Jan. 19. ..3d act "FAUST."
Thurs., Jan. 21.. Last act TROVATORE."
Sat. Mat., Jan. 23. -Last act "SIEGFRIED."
Monday Next, January 35, ■ ■ ."
MODTSSKA,,
Assisted by JOSEPH HAWOKTH and Conmlßt*
Company.
Five Nights and Saturday. Matinee, "Magda."
• Saturday Night, "Mary Stuart."
8E ATM READY THURSDAY.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
M.BB.Ebxkstinii: Kjw.m* Proprietor JkMaiwsK
TO-NIGHT!
A GLORIOUS TRIUMPH!
THE SECOND EDITION'
Of Our Holiday Spectacle,
JACK AND THE BEANSTALK.
11l- SONGS.
I I I DANCES.
NEW B A L.L.ETS.
I I I MARCHES.
11l TRANSFORMATIONS
THE "A REAL- BALLET."
NKXT OPKBA, MARITANA.
■;\ ! '~;~ LOOK out FOR .
UA.DDZ 3>J:
OUR NEW EXTRAVAGANZA.
Popular Prices ...250 and sOa
O'Farrell Street, ieiween Rtociton and Powrs'.l.
Strongest Bill Ever Offered at this Popular
House. NEW STARS-11
7— —THE FRANTZ FAMILY 7
The Most Wonderful, startllntr and sensational
Acrobats on the Face of the Earth— Ladles and
4 Gentlemen in Full Evening Dress.
JJIJiXS ANDBINNS,
. The Musical Comedians.
WILSON' AND WARING,
The Tramp and Dancing Girl.
• A Powerful Bill or Novelties!
The Royal Hungarian Court Orchestra,
Composed of Soloists, Under the Direction 01 the
World- Famed Clarionet Virtuoso and
Conductor, P. K. Mai is.
Entire Change of the Grand Double Ballet !
NILSSON'S AKKIAL ana KIRALtI'S GRAND
*OPKKA BALLET*, • ,
Reserved Seats, 23c; Balcony 10c; Opera Cnairs
and Box Seals, 50c.
The Royal Hungarian Court Orchestra will ap-
pear in concert in the Orpheutn Annex imme-
diately after the regular performance..
PEOPLE'S PALACE. '
WEEK COMMENCING JAN. 18. 1 897.
Matinee Saturday and Sunday, 2 P. M.
LAST WEEK — —
MAHARA'S COLORED HHSTEEIS!
; See the Funny Comedians, *
LEROY BLAND— — BILLY YOUNG
• —And 35 Others.
DON'T FORGRT THE CAKEWALK.
PACING I RACING! RACING!
, —CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB — ■
WINTER MEETING, 1896-97;
Beginning Monday, Jan. 11, to Jan. 2.3, Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACETRACK. ,-.
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, .
. ' .Thursday,- Friday and 'Saturday.
Wain or Shine. ■- ,
- FIVE OB MORE RACES EACH DAY.
Races Start at 2:15 P. 31. Sharp—
Ferry, Boats leave San Francisco at 12 M. aaj
12:30, 1 .00, 1:80, 2:oo*2:3o and 3P. M.. connect-
ing with trains stopping at the entrance to traclt.
Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Hound. : : • '
; Upturning— leave the Track at 4:15 aaj
4:45 p. M. and immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JK, iTeiiaeufc
K. B. MILKOY, secretary.
78
RED-HOT FIGHT AT
OREGON'S CAPITAL
0. H. Paxton Tells of the
Keen Strife Over the
Senatorship.
The Masterly Play of Jonathan
Bourne to Even Up With
Mitchell.
The House Controlling the Situation
and Doin; Nothing — Position of
Joseph Simon and Others.
The Oregon fight for the Senatorship is a
red-hot affair, with many sides to it.
There is a myriad of candidates and all
kinds of quarrels have been eprung.
Grievances that had in a degree been
buried for many years have been dug up
and are being aired all around.
Senator Mitchell, Joe Simon and Jona-
PRESIDENT O. H. PAXTON of the Portland Consolidated Ratf
way Company, Who Tells of the Oregon War Over the
Senatorship*
[Sketched from life by a " Call" artiit.)
than Bourne are all tilting their spears at
each other, aad lots of other people are
chipping in and lending variety to the
contest. O. H. Paxton, the well-known
lawyer of Portland, who has been a num
ber of times a member of the Legislature,
District Attorney of Multnomah County,
and who has filled other offices, is here and
gives graphic particulars of the struggle.
Mr. Paxton is president of the Portland
Consolidated Railway Company, owning
about forty miles of street railway, and is
on his way East on business in connection
with the road.
"The Senatorial fight now on," said he,
"is peculiar. At present it is Senator
Mitchell against the field. He is opposed
by a number of gold-standard Republicans
and by the Democrats, the Populists and
•.he union bimetallic members. The last
three are all free silver parties. The gold
standard Republicans oppose Senator
Mitchell's re-election because be declines
to make a public pledge not again to vote
for the free and unlimited coinage of sil-
Ter at the ratio of 16 to 1. The free-silver
parties refuse to support him, notwlth
standing he has always in the past been a
free silver man. because of the fact that
he supported McKinley on the St. Loui3
platform in the late Presidential election.
"Our State elections occur in June.
The present Legislature, except the hold
over Senators, were elected last June.
Jonathan Bourne of Multnomah County,
who might be termed the leader of the
free-silver forces in Oregon, was elected to
the Legislature as the joint nominee of
tne Mitchell Republican faction and the
Populists. He is now a candidate for
Speaker of the House. He claims that
Senator Mitchell and his managers prom
ised to support him for this office in con
sideration of his services in electing Mitch
ell members to the Legislature in June.
"Senator Mitcheli refuses this support,
finding that by supporting Mr. Bourne
he would lose the votes of some of the Re
publican members who are now support
ing him. Mr. Bourne, by' reason of this,
has withdrawn his support from Senator
Mitchell, and is now actively opposing
him.
"Mr. Bourne is supported in his- fight
for the speakership by the union bimetal
lic members, the Populists and the Demo
crats, all free silverite?. The Mitchell
forces are supporting H. L. Benson of
Grants Pass.
"The constitution of Oregon provides
that two-thirds of the members elected
should be necessary as a quorum to trans
act business in either nous<* There are
sixty members of the House— hence the
presence of forty is necessary before any
business can be transacted. On the day
appointed the House met and effected a
temporary organization by selecting a
temporary Speaker, a Bourne man, and a
temporary clerk.
"Since then the Bourne forces, number
ing more than one-third .of the members
of the House, have remained absent, and
because two-thirds are not present no
business-can be transacted by the House.
The result is a comDiete tie-up of the
House. Mr. Bourne is a very determined
and able man, and has no superior in the
State as an organizer and leader of an op
position. He was the organizer and
leader of the opposition which defeated
Senator Dolph's re-election two years apo.
"From appearances he has the power to
prevent the organization of the House
until the Mitchell forces join in electing
him Bpeaker. Should they do this it is
said several of the Republicans now will
ing to vote for Senator Mitchell will leave
him, which would probably defeat him.
If be does not assist Mr. Bourne it seems
certain that the Bourne forces will not
vote for him. Tnus it would appear that
Senator Mitchell is in a precarious situa
tion. Everything at the present time
points to a prolonged and bitter fight,
with a probability of a deadlock or the
election of some new man on ihe last bal
lot.
"We have had a number of such Sena
torial fights of late years in Oreeon. In
1882 Senator Mitchell was the leading can
didate, but could not secure his election.
The fight continued until the last half
hour of the session, when Mr. Doiph was
sprung as a new man and elected on the
last ballot. In 1885 Mr. Hirsch was the
ieading candidate, but failed of one or two
neces.-ary votes. The fight continued
until the end of the session and there was
no election.
"Two years ago Senator Doiph was the
leading candidate. He secured the caucus
nomination and it was supposed his re
election- was secure, but a few members
bolted the caut:us and refused to vote for
him. The result was a bHter fight until
the session was closing, -when Mcßride,
an entirely new man, was elected on the
last ballot.
"The State Senate oreanized promptly
by electing Senator Siruon of Port
land president by unanimous vote. Mr.
Simon is an able and experienced legis
lator, and is generally conceded to be
without any superior as a political organ
izer and manager. He is the leader of the
gold standard Republicans and opposed
to Senaior Mitchell's re-election.
"The friends of Senator Mitchell en
deavored to prevent his election to the
presidency of the Senate, but fonnd him
so strong that opposition would be of no
avail and withdrew from* actively oppos
ing him.'' ■
ALBRECHT ACQUITTED.
Xo Cloud Upon the Uecord of a Long
and Honorable Life.
Frederick Albrecht, charged with com
plicity in a forrery, was acquitted by a
jury in Judge Carroll Cook's court yester
day.
Attorney Alexander Campbell, speaking
for the prisoner, drew the attention of the
jurors to the fact that Albrecht was an
old man vrho had pursued an upright,
industrious course through the many
years of his life; that he was manifestly
not connected with the alleged crime, ex
cept that «ome of tho witnesses thought
the defendant knew it was eoing to be at
tempted, but he denied the truth of the
charges.
This position was established to the sat
isfaction of the jury, and an acquittal fol
lowed. The deiendant was visibly af
fected upon the announcement of the ver
d.ct and decree of the court that he waa a
free man again.
"A MAGIO GARDEN."
Unique Chnrch Entertainment Prom
ised in the Near Future.
The Ladies' Aid Society of the West
Side Christian Church, under the direction j
of Miss Nettie Gardner and Mrs. N. F.
Remington, will give a strictly uniaue and
entirely new class of entertainment in the i
church, Bush street, near Devisadero, on
the 22d inst. Jt is designated as the
"Magic Garden of Singing Flowers."
When the drop-curtain is withdrawn
there will be revealed a canvas 13 by 18%
feet, painted "by Clarence Love of this
City, which represents a beautiful garden
of variegated flowers. Later on, the lily,
the pansy, the rose, the violet, etc., will
burst into song, the faces of rhe vocalists
appearing in the center, and apparently a
part of the numerous flowers represented
on the canvas. Other unique features will
be introduced, and the novel programme
is expected to be a great success.
The canvas lias already been engaged
for like entertainments in different parts
of the City. The following singprs will
participate: Miss M. Lee, Mrs. H.
Grenelle, Miss Estella Wilson, Miss Irene
Hanovan, Mr. F. Alumbaugh, Merle
Allen, Mr. Marcellas Clarke, Baby Young,
Bpssie Long, Miss M. Van de Mart, Fred
Griffin, Mrs. R. L. Riguon, Clarence Love,
George Van de Mark, Ethel McFadyen,
Mr. F. Parker, Miss A. Gardner, Miss Ida
Remington, Miss Blanche Clinton.
HEED INTO THE AIr.
An Unknown Man, .Evidently Insane,
Causes Excitement on Slitter Street.
A man about 28 years of age caused a
good deal of excitement on Sutter street,
between Jones and Taylor, ldst night
about 8 o'clock. He had a revolver in his
hand and fired three shots into the air.
.Policeman T. J. Bailey happened to be
near him and he rushed up to him, grab
bing hold of the revolver from behind.
The man wheeled round and pulled the
trigger, the bullet almost grazing Bailey's
side. After a desperate struggle Bailey
succeeded in wrenching the revolver from
the man and putting the handcuffs on
him.
As the man appeared to be insane he
was taken to the Receiving Hospital and
placed in a padded cell. There were no
papers on him that could give a clew to
his identity. He is apparently a native of
France.
Dr. Smith in Oakland.
The Rev. Haskett Smith will give his in
teresing and fascinating entertainment on
Jerusalem, under the title of "The City of the
Great King," at the Y. M. C. A. Hall, Clay aad
Twelfth streets, Oakland, this evening.
For business men or country merchants
the Ritas House is the best place in S. F.*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 19, 1897.
OFFICIAL HEADS
WERE PARED OFF
The Supervisors' Guillotine
Was in Smooth Work
ing Order.
There Were Hot Words, and
Talk About a "Solid Seven"
Slipped Out
Fish and Game Warden Was Dropped
by the Superyisors, but Two N w
O:fices Were Created.
The meeting of the Board of Super
visors yesterday afternoon was lively at
times. Mayor Pbel'an put in his first veto
against Order No. 3053, which prescribes
the same rules for plumbing to new and
old buildings alike, giving notice that the
Board of Health has proposed a new order
to meet the hardship to be worked by a
uniform rule. The Mayor also submitted a
communication recommending that the
Board should "declare vacant the office of
Fish and Game Warden in this City and
County, which cost the City and County
$1500 last year and yielded in fines only
$105, and his recommendation was carried
out then and there.
Pheb« A. Hearst gave an inkling of the
plans of the Hearst estate, by requesting
permission to alter and repair and add to
the Nucleus building with the proviso
that the total height of the building shall
not be made to exceed 150 leet.
A dozen or so of official beads fell, and
after the decapitations other incumbents
were placed in office. Up rose Supervisor
Clinton during these proceedings and said
that he did not lilce the way public busi
ness was being done. He declared that
there was a "solid seven" in the board
and that he had been told tnat a boss con
trolled the majority. Ud rose Supervisor
Kottanzi and denounced the statement
that the making of appointments then
under way was the work of a ring.
Whack! The gavel fell on Supervisor
Clinton's words as he was answering a
point of order made by Supervisor Shee
han that his remark- were personal.
Whachl whack 1 lell the g:.vel again as
Dr. Clinton responded: "My words may
be personal, but they are strictly true."
The gallery and lobby were filled with
interested and often grinning spectators.
One office was made permanently vacant,
but two new offices were created — the
office of historical cierk to the Committee
on Legislation, upon the recommendation
of Supervisor Britt, at an expense of $100,
the clerk to report to tne committee t.tie
papers of all bills at Sacramento affecting
the interest of San Francisco; also the
office of gardener of South Park at a
salary of $70 per month.
Heads fell around ttie City Hall very
lively. The following-named were elected
to fill tne positions designated, and every
such appointment meant a decapitation of
an incumbent: P. Willis, janitor of the
Justices' courts; Wiiliam A. Tobin, jani
tor of Police courts 2 and 3; Hermann
Armour, srardener of the new City Hall
grounds; James Hines, operator of ele
vator No. 2in the new City Hall; M. C.
Brophy, keeperof the Sixth-street dumps;
M. Doyle, fireman of the heating-rooui of
the new City Hall; "Edward Leonard, gar
dener of Hamilton square; John Cook
man, janitor of Department 12 of the Su
perior Court; Peter Moloney, keeper of
the Sixth-street bridge.
The head of the chief janitor in the new
City Hall, Dennis O'Callagban, fell in the
basket and T. J. O'Neil was elected to
take his place. While the appointments
were. going one striking and unusual imp:
pening illuminated the proceedings. Two
weeks ago J. J. Silvey, who had been a
janitor in the Tax Collector's office, was
removed and another placed in the posi
tion.
Yesterday Dr. Clinton made a plea for
the appointment of Silvey and told a
story about him. "He was crippled by
being badly injurea in a burning building
into which he went to rescue a friend and
he was badly distieured. He can only do
certain work. He has a wife and family."
Silvey sat inside of the railing in the lobby
and looked on at the proceedings with a
very anxious expression. After some
motions to reconsider and to postpone,
Silvey was rs-elected to fill the office
which he formerly occupied.
The hot words on the subject of a "solid
seven" occurred during tne election of
janitors and others, but there were hot
words later. The appointments were not
made without obstruction. Dr. Clinton
and Dr. Dodge took turns at suggesting
some other persous for the various offices
and insisted on a rollcall every time and
also put through a suggestion that some
Supervisors should vouch for every one
who was nominated.
Supervisor Britt. who moved for a his
torical clerk tor the Committee on Legisla
tion became, ruffled at a motion made by
Supervisor Haskins that an investigation
be made to see whether a bureau of infor
mation could not supply all the historical
information.
"Mr. Chairman," said Supervisor Britt
indignantly, "I move >s a substitute to
abolish the committee, on legislation."
This was put to a vote and was lost by 8
to 4 and Mr. Britt was pleased. Espe
cially so when Supervisor Dodge, who
originally mentioned the bureau of infor
mation, threw oil on the waters.
Dr. Dodge had stated that he thought
that the information desired could be se
cured for $5.
To fill tne new position of gardener of
South Park Thomas Clancy was ap
pointed, hi 3 pay of $70 per month to come
trom the Street Department fund.
Considerable routine business was trans
acted, which is summarized as follows: It
was voted that three nights before and
two nights after the full moon the streets
need not be lighted; voted to attend a
meeting at the Merchants' Exchange As
sembly Hall this afternoon to act with
others in favor of the construction of the
Nicaragua canal; voted to adopt the re
port of the Committee on Buildings, which
set forth that the janitorial work of the
new City Hall has been such as to give
rise to scandal, and that the work has not
compared well with the work in other big
buildings like the Crocker and Mills build
ings; voted to refer back to the • Water
Committee several petitions for hydrants
in the Richmond district and elsewhere.
It was also voted to buy a Jot 19:6x80
feet, udjiiinng tne new engine-house on
Bryant street, for $500; to reconsider the
vote concerning the location of the Pest
house on the Almshouse tract; to appoint
a janitor and messenger, both being em
braced in one person, for the^ Mayor's
office; to permit Kohlberg, Strauss &
Frobman to extend their show-window 12
inches.
The sanitary condition of the City and
County Hospital was discussed at some
length. It sounded a little odd to hear
Supervisors say that the City would be
liable for damages on account of the
typhoid fever to be contracted in an insti
tution where peop'e go supposedly to get
cured; but Supervisor Clinton made this
statement. Supervisor Dodge said that
words could not express the situation.
The resolution to anate the nuisance was
passed to print unanimously. The cost of
making a better sewer system for the hos
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
pital will be between $2000 and $3000, ac
cording to the statement made to tl.e
board by the clerk, Mr. Russell. It was
voted to sell the horse and buggy at the
hospital, to expend $50 for laundry, ma
chinery and to have the steward remain
constantly at the hospital and to require
that all- demands issued by him be ap
proved by the superintendent.
A proposition to have the janitorial
work m the new City Hall done by con
tract was lost. It was voted to hold the
head janitor responsible for tb9 work of
all his subordinates and to increase his
powers.
The proposition to issue bonds for the
purpose of raising money to Improve the
streets and sewers came up in a com
munication from H. Levi and a long list
of other merchants and others, asking
that bonds be issued for a term of iorty
years, to carry 4 or 5 per cent interest per
annum.
Petitions were received from the West
ern Union Telegraph Company, the
Magdeburg Fire Insurance Company and
the Pacific Transfer Company to have cer
tain assessments declared erroneous and
duplicate as against them.
The Bank of California, San Francisco
Savings Union, the Frenc Bank, the Ger
man Bank and Daniel Meyer asked the
board to provide specifications for street
paving with California asphait in order to
give taxpayers the benefit of the competi
tion oi this material with other street
paving materials and in order to produce
the best paved streets at the least cost.
STREET IMPROVEMENTS.
Work Considered by the Board at
Yesterday's Meeting.
The following is a complete record of
the street improvements acted on at
yesterday's meeting:
• r '■ FOII, ACCEPTANCE.
Seventeenth, Church to Sanchez— Bitumen.
Bay, Polk to Van Ness— Bitumen. . -
Nhrader, H;:U-ht to Pa^e— Bitumen.
Bay and Polk, crossing— Bitumen.
Hayes and Scott, crossing— Bitumen.
Green, Folk to Van .Is ess— Basalt. j
Bay and Van ess, crossing— Bitumen.
~,C. BIDS OPENED.
Andover avenue, Cortiand to Eugenia— Grading,
macadam, twelve-inch sewer.
Polk, Greenwich to Lombard— Grading.
Fifteenth avenue south, San Bruno to S south—
Grading, macadam.
Prospect avenue and Lizzie— Grading, eight-Inch
sewer, curbs, etc.
Brannan, Muth to ■ Potrero avenue— Granite
curbs, bitumen. - ... ■ . '
Highland avenue and Mission— Bitumen.
Waller. an'l Laguna, crossing— Bitumen.
. Shrader, Haight and Page— Granite curbs, bitu
men.
Eighteenth, Folsom to Shotwell— Stone side*
walks. . y
Sutler, Webster to Fill more— Stone sidewalks.
Seventeenth, Folsom to . : Shotwell— stoue side
walks. \
Valencia, Eighteenth to Nineteenth— side
walks.
Washington, Devlsadero to Broderick— Stone
sidewalks on south side.
York, Twentieth to Twenty-first — Bitumen side
walk on east side. •::."■
Cortland and Andover avenues— Storm- water
Inlets, etc .-.•";' ;
NOTICE TO OBJECTORS TO STKEET WORK.
Green and Pierce— Ccsspoo a, sidewalks, etc, to
be hoard January 25, 3 P. m.
J.yon, Union to chestnut— Sewers, etc., to be
beard February 1, at 3 p. m. '
Chestnut, Lybn to Devisadero— Same.
Devisadero, Chestnut to Beach— ;
APPEAL FBOM ASSKSSMKNT.
Octavia, Greenwich to Lombard— Bitumen, to be
beard January 25, at 3 P. m.
CONTBACT BEPEAIESi
Laurel, First to Essex— To J. F. Lorenz, to pave.
SPECI-AI. PERMIT.
rill more, near Lombard— retain a tree on
sidewalk.
WORK SUSPEND FD.
Thirteenth avenue south, l to M— Grading until
property-OA-ners desiring change of grade enter
Into a private contract for grading on n ew lines.
' PETITION RKFHtR"D TO CITY ATTORNEY.
i orland, Dolores to Church— Petition for estab
lishment or lines.
PETITION REFERRED TO CITY ENGINEER.
Q south at Seventeenth and Eighteenth ave
nues south— Petition for change of grade.
PETITION' BEFKBBED TO STBEKT SUPKRIN-
T UNDENT.
Hares. Grove to Fulton, etc.— Petition of Pan
handle Clnb for grading.
EXTENSIONS! OF TIME BBANTKD.
Gough and Washington— To J. J. Don ling, sixty
days on contra :t to pave.
Pierce and Filbert— To Pacific Paving Company/
sixty days on contract to pave
SIDEWALKS REDUCED.
Cortland avenue. Mission to North avenue —
Reduced from 15 to 12 feet, provided property
owner* pay for reconstructing angular corners.
RECOMMENDED PABSKD TO RESOLUTION ORDER
INS. . »
Army, Church toSancnez — Plank sidewalks.
Devisadero, Waller to Thirteenth— Stone side
walks.
Broderick. Haighi to Waller— sidewalks.
Cole, Uaight to Waller— Bltnmen. ;
EXTENSIONS OF TiME RKCOMMENDED.
Fifteenth avenue south ana Ij south— To Garrett
BurKe, thirty uay» on coniruet, to grade, and
sewer.
STREET WORK RECOMMENDED BY SUPERINTEN
DENT OF STREETS.
Fourteenth. Guerrero to Dolores— Rpgradlnis,
granite curbs, bitumen roadway and sidewalks.
First avenue, niton to Point Lobos— Upgrading,
redwood curbs, macadam, plank, sidewalks.
First avenue. Point Lobos to California— Same.
Tenth avenue, B to C— Grading, macadam.
Fourth avenue, Point Lobos to California—Be
gradlng, macadam.
Twelfth avenue, B to Grading, macadam.
Flftu avenue, Point l-oboi 10 California Gra
ding, macadam, nlaii'k sidewalks. .
Thirteenth avenue and C— Grading, macadam.
Second avenue. Point Lobos to California—Re
gradiug, macadam, plunk sidewalks.
C, Ninth to Fourteenth avenues— Grading, mac
a Jam.
Sixth avenue, Clement to California— Regradlng,
macadam, plank sidewalk;.
Eleventh avenue, B to C— Grading, macadam.
Clement, F!r<l to Fifth avenues — mac
adam, plank si'l"«:il ■>. .
Third avenue, Point Lobos to California—Re
grading, macadam.
Laguna, Halght to Waller— Granite curbs, Bit
umen.
Stockton, east side, 107 feet south of Sacra
mento Stone sidewalk. , '
Browns alley, M> A I lister to end — Bitumen.
. RKSOLCTTON TO CHANGE GRADES RI-.PK.A I,Kr>.
Center line ot Chenery street, at a point 79.28
feet northeasterly from Miguel, .25 and establish
at 254.15 feet.
Center One of cbenery street, at the first angle
northerly from Miguel street, 1.5 feet and estab
lish at 230.80 feet. • .
Westerly curb line of Chenery street, at the first
angle northerly from Miguel street, 1.80 feet and
establish at 2311.80 feel.
Easterly curD line of Chenery street, at the first
angle northerly from Miguel street, 1.69 feet and
establish at 231.10 feet.
Center line of Cnenery street, at second angle
northerly from Miguel street, 2 feet and establish
at 22 1 teet.
■ Westerly, curb line of Chanery street, at the sec
ond angle northerly from Miguel street, i.76 feet
and establish at 221 feet. '
Chenery street, at trio first ansle southerly from
Miguel .street, 0.70 feet and establish at 215.12
feet. . . •. r - . ■■ • . ■ y . . • ■
•Easterly curb line of Chenery street, opposite
the southeasterly corner of Charles street, 2.75
feet and establish at 222. 25 feet. *
Easterly curb line of Uhenery street, opposite
the northeasterly corner of Charles street, tf.u2
feet and establish at 220.70 feet.
Easterly line of Cnenerv street, at the northerly
curb line of Charles street, at 22U.50 feet.
Easterly line of Chenery street, at the southerly
curb line of Charles street, at 221.25 feet.
Chenery street, between Miguel ana Fairmount
streets, to conform to the grades above named' and
to the present official grades at the crossing of
Fairmount ana Miguel streets.
Charles street, between Chenery and Academy
streets, to conform to the grades above named and
to beofUotal grade at the crossing of Academy
street. . '..•
GRADES FINAIJ.T ESTABLISHED. . ■
Blchland avenue, northerly' line; 325 feet west
erly from South avenue, at 229 feet.
Kichland avenue, southerly line. 325 feet west
erly from South avenue, at Til feet. ,
Hichlnnd avenue, northerly line, at - South ave
nue, at 283 feet. ■ •
Kichland avenue, southerly line, at South ave
nue, at •£•*s feet.
Kichland avenue, northerly line, at 500 feet
easterly from .south avenue, at, 196 feet.
- Kichland avenue, southerly line, at 600 feet east
erly from South avenue, at 194 feet. .
Kichlaid avenue, northerly line, 827.25 feet'
easterly from South aveuue, at 16«. 62 feet.
Kichland avenuu, soutuerly line, a,t 826.75 feet
easterly from South avenue, at 164.92 feet.
Kichland avenue, between Hoi street and Its
eastern termination, to conform to the grades
above named and the grade now official at Holly
street. -' -^i- J:;;, ;;-t ... .'. .-- : y.-. .-_■-■. '.'-■
Li-ast Park street, northerly line, at a point fifty
feet easterly from the northeasterly corner of
Holly Park avenue, at i!3O 76 foet.
tast Park street, souther. y line, at a point 450
feet easterly from the somheasterly corner of
Holly Park avenue, at 200 feet.
East Park street, northerly line, at a pom» at
right angles opposite from the last above described
point, at 202 feet.
Kast L'»rlk street, southerly line, 614 feet easterly
from the souiheasterly corner of Holly Park ave
uue, at 180.75 leet.
East Park g ie^i. northerly line, at a point at
right angle* opposite from the last above de
scribed point, at 181.88 feet.
Kast Part street, between Holly Park avenue
and It! eastern termination, to conform to the
grades above named and 10 the g»ades now official
at Holly Park avenue.
PETITIONS REKEBBEB TO BTBKET COKMTTTKK.
Highland avenue and Mission— l'roperty-owners
for rejecUon of bids on pavinjt.
fetockton (Nos. 710 and 712)— Joseph Cune for
City to repair damage.
BFuHom. Lyon to Central avenue—Property-own
ers for stone sidewalks.
Twenty-second. Sanchez to Castro—Property
owners for six-foot stone sidewalks.
Chapuitepec, coso to Kacueraiua — Property-own
er* to srane.
Railroad avenue, Eighteenth to Twenty-fonrth
South— Mrs Minna Forest for revocation of per
mit to blast.
Ki^hih to Ninth avenue — Property-owners for
bulkbr>ads-
Pierce, Lombard to Chestnut — H. E. Law for
grading.
Twenty-founh avenue, A to Fulton— Point Lo
bos Improvement nub for regrading.
Firs, avenue, Clement to California— Same, that
property-owners be com celled to construct sewer.
J.omi.ard, Van Ness to Presidio—Property-own
ers to start paving.
Q, at s, ventfenth and Eighteenth avenues — For
change of prade.
Mission. Cortland to Highland avenue — Prop
erty-owners for paving.
Steiner, Union to Filbert— August Lacrolx to re
pair.
Vau Ness, Broadway to Lewis— Polk-street Im
provem'?'..t Club to expunge from official map.
Lombard ana BrodericK— H. £.. j aw, that grade
be lowered and established at twenty feet above
base.
PROTESTS REFERRED TO STREET COMMITTEE.
S;anyan, Haight and Waller- Property-owners
to retain railroad fences and other obstructions.
Green, Umoo to Taylor — Property - owners
against stone sidewalks.
Chenery — James Kerrigan against change of
grade.
Street Committee Ucpnrt.
TJnlou ana Franklin— Superintendent of Streets
to construct cestfnoo's. etc., a:, C'ky's expense.
Ninth, Market to Mission — Petnion for newside
walkj referred to Superintendent or Streets to rec
ommend worif.
Chenery— Potition of Fairmonnt Improvement
Club ret'errt'd to superintendent of Streets to ex
amine ai-d recommend tbe necessary work.
Cortland, Jlission to Aodover avenue — Petition
for sid' walks referred to superinendent of Streets
to reiommwiJ .work.
Oak, Baker to Manyan— Petition to readVertise
bids recoil) mended placed on file.
Prospect, Virpinia to Esmeral da— Petition to
grade p.^ced on file.
Chenery — Proiest of property-owners against
lo'.venm gradf; p acert on file.
Vau Ness, north of Hayes— Petition to pave
with bitumen placed on file.
Seventh and Erannan— Petition for plank side
walks placed ou file.
chambers^ Front to Davis— Grading barred for
six months.
Chapul tepee, Virginia to Eugenia — Grading
barred tor six months.
Uiii-ht, shnder to Stanyan— Petition to pave
with bitumen by private contract reported ad
versely.
THE JURY DID NOT MEET
Postponed on Account of the
Death of the Wiie of Cap
tain Lees.
The Judge Campbell Investigation
May Be Taken Up To-Day— Fish
and Game Warden All Right.
The Grand Jury did not hold its special
session nxed for yesterday on account of
the death of the wife of Captain Lees.
Tne jury will meet to-day and go on with
its regular business. The special session
was called to hear evidence in the alleged
pencil-deed conspiracy.
It is net known whether this business
■will be taken up at to-day's session or not,
as other matters were scheduled for the
regular session, and it is more than likely
that a special day will be set for the
Cooney matter. However, this will prob
ably lie with Captain Lees himself.
The new Grand Jury has plenty of big
business on had for a young thing. It was
to nave taken up the investigation to-day
of Judge Campbeli's alleged habit of lear
iner jail releases about among the more
popular and convenient saloons, and will
do so unless the alleged conspiracy is
given precedence. The park commission
scandal in waiting its turn, and after that
tne straw-bond traffic in the policeconrts
wii) be reviewed, the Dockery scandal in
the Heal in Department and some half a
dc zen other uely-:ooking things in the
public service will be taken up, each in its
turn.
W. N. Brunt, chairman of the Health
Department committee, is preparing his
report on the Fi«h and Game Warden, as
called for by the foreman". The committee
vns instructed to tind out what the duties
of the Fish and Game Warden really are
and whether bis office was not one that
might well be dispensed with. Mr. Brunt
will report it as the opinion of the com
mittee that the officer earns his salary ;
that his inspection of the markets pre
vents the sale 01 fish and frame oul of sea
son, as well as otherwise guarding the
public health. It was found that he had
made a number of arrests during the past
year. It is likely therefore that a report
favorable to the officer will be made by
tne jury.
Burlesque Social.
A novel kind of social will be held next
Thnrsday evening by the Young People's So
ciety of Christian Endeavor connected with
the First Christian Church, on Twelfth street.
The. organizers of ihe entertainment announce
that they hnve engaged ;he most surprising
array of talent. Pailerewski, Ellen Beach
Yaw, Scalchi and a number of- other world
wide celebrities will appear — if not in person,
at least in burlesque representation. A re
markable male quartet is also promised, and
one solo is to be sung through a speaking
machine, which is warranted to be heard, a
mile away.
The correspondence of the Pope is car
ried on in Latin.
i HEW TO-DAY.'
SOPERIT OWNERS!
ATTEWTIO3XT.
ISi CENTS
Per Square Foot (no discrimination) is what you
can get, your street paved with BITUMINOUS
j.OUK for by the
PACIFIC PATOG COMPANY.
Office 106 and 108 Phelan Building.
Call on us or send your address and our repre-
sentative will call on you. Telephone Alain 656.
Yale Locks
17 AND 19 BEALE STREET.
D 0 D COMPOSITION AND
I ■ « 0' GRAVEL BOOFIHB.
Paralline Paint Co., 116 Battery Street.
■ CITY
Street Improvement Co.
Rooms 11 & 45, Fifth Floor, Mills Building. :••".
.' Telephone Main 5377.
iTACftAMENTO OFFICE: 411 J STREET.
H. DUTARD 1 C 3. W. MCDONALD. Pre?
C. B. STO^ E . jo W. E. DEXN'TSON. Sea
T. B. BISHOP 5-9 COL. G. H. MENDELL,
J.W. McDONA It. Corps of Engineers, U.3.A.
W.E.DKNNISONJO : (Betired).
V :-' ! • CoNsui/riNS Enqinkkk.
PROPRIETORS CONTRACTORS
' Santa Cruz, Cal., All Kinds of Street
and Work. Bridges- and:
King City, Monterey Co., Kailway Construction.
BITUMP MM. IS^k. Jettu " ***:
P A D BUILDING
Ti « Pi PAPER, , ,
>; SOLD BY ALL DEALERS.
™p(iIADDIN(i,McBaN&a)I
raWSI3SB-1360 MARKETS!
liliiilft'l'ljllO WORKS.LINCOLN CAL.
HEW rO-DAT.
WKFuT
FOR SUCH A
RAPIDJSURE."
Another
Grateful Patient
Testifies.
CHARLES SCHILL,
Residing at 263 Eighth Street, S. F.,
Relates the Story of His
Cure by
THE STATE
ELECTRO- MEDICAL
INSTITUTE.
TESTIMONIAL :
San Francisco, Cal.. i an. 14, 1897.
I, Chanes Schill, aged 30, residing at 262
EiKhth street, desire to testify to the benefit
and cure that I have experienced by treat-
ment at the STATE ELECTRO-MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE, corner of Powell, Market and Eddy
streets.
For four years I have been ailing with ner-
vous debility and heart and stomach trouble,
which greatly hindered me in my work as a
teamster, the business I have pursued for the
past seven years in San Francisco. I suffered
with pain and oppression of the chest, and
stomach, shortness of breath, flatulent dyspep-
sia and palpitation of the heart, and after ex-
ertion would feel weak and nervous. On
January 4, 1897, I applied, for treatment at
the INSTITUTE, where Dr. W. K. Vance made
a careful physical examination, found that my
heart and stomach were both disordered. I
was placed under treatment and at once began
to improve rapidly. and feel like a new num.
The doctor applied electricity and prescribed
certain electric fluids for internal use, also
magnetic oil for external application. These
remedies combined have had a magical- effect, '
and now, on January 14, I can truthfully say ;
that my health is fully restored. I am VERY
THANKFUL FOR SUCH A RAPID CUKE,
which enables me to pursue my daily work
without experiencing any exhaustion or wear-
iness. I may add thai I derive decided bene-
fit from wearing an Electrical waist appliance
prescribed by Dr. Vance.
Signed. . CHARLES SCHILL.
This marvelous electro-medical treat-
ment is creating a tremendous sensation
among the people of this coast because of
the remarkable cures it is daily effecting,
and for this same reason it is stirring- the
medical world as no discovery pf recent
years has stirred it. There has not been a
single failure to cure in any case where
the treatment has been given. ";-:.:<
If yon are sick or ailing, if yon want to
know what is the matter with you, and if
you want to be cured, yon should resort
without delay to the State Electro- Medical
Institute. The Institute I ATS AND
CURES Diseases of the Heart, Brain and
Nerves, .Blood Diseases, Rheumatism, Can-
cer, Catarrh, Kidney Diseases, Throat
Diseases, Stomach Diseases. Disease's ol the
Liver. Bowel Diseases.- Eye Diseases. Ear
Diseases, Diseases of Men, Diseases of Wo-
men, and all Curable Diseases.
$5 RITE FOajLl DISEASES.
WRITE if you cannot call at the In-
stitute, describe your troubles by letter
and the Doctors will advise you what to
do. Strictest confidence observed.
STATE ELECTRO-MEDICAL INSTITUTE.
Located at the Corner of Market,
Powell and Eddy Streets. ;
ENTRANCE No. 3 EDDY STREET,
San Francisco, Cal.
... v - . -.■.--..
IPESTORS^iTTESTION!
THE ABHFORD MINING Ca ARE OFFER-
feringa smalt allotment of shares to enable
them to purchase the necessary milling machin-
ery for their valuable property at Itandsburz.
THOMAS BULL, the President, will be In thecity
to complete the purchase or engine and hotstit:^
machinery on the 20th and 23 st of January. 1897, j
and can be seen at tbe Grand Hotel between 4 nnd I
5 P. it. by parties wishing to invest. .-:::-.
NOTICE IITITHG SEALED PROPOSALS
For the Purpose of Sale of Bonds of
the City of San Jose.
rpaß MAYOR AND COMMON COUNCIL OP
X the Ciiy of San Jose, having by ordinance en- .
titled "An ordinance providing for the Issuance
and sale of bonds of the City of i-an Jose." etc., .
passed ou tne 21at day of December, 1896, and
approved on the "3d .day of December, 1893, 1
ordainei that there should be issued by said city
of San Jose six hundred high school building
• bonds, of thedß^omiMation of $125 each, and four
| hundred sewer bonds of the denomination of $100
! each, -both classes of bonds to bear interest at the
rate of 4% !er cpnt»,tior annum, payable semi-
anu dally, and also by said ordinance authorized
aud directed the City Clerk of said city to give
notice inviting proposals for the sale of said bonds,
now therefore • »
Public notice Is hereby given that the City of San
Jose intends to issue one thousand bonds aforesaid, ■
and that sealed proposals will be received at tbe |
office of said City Cleric, at the City Hall in San '
Jose, California, until the hour of eight o'coc>c ■
p. m.. on the eighth day of : February, 1897 (at
which time, or as soon thereafter as .said Mayor,
aud Common Council shall duly convene, said bids
will be opened), for the purchase of the whole or
any part of said high school building and sewer
bonds, or either thereof, said bonds are to bear
date June 1, 1897, anil the interest thereon to be-
paid seir.l-annually on the first day of December
and the first day of June of each year thereafter
both principal and Interest payable in gold coin or
lawful money of the United States
- Said high school building bonds shall be num-
bered consecutively from one to six hundred, both
Inclusive, and be divided into forty, series, num-
bered consecutively trom one to lorty, both in-
clusive, .each series consisting of fifteen bonds;
the first series is to include those bonds which are
numbered from one to fifteen, both inclusive, aad
each succeeding series is to include the fifteen
bonds numbered cons?cutively after thosa la-
cluded in the next preceding series-
Said sewer bonds shall be numbered consecu-
tively from one to four hundred, both inclusive,
and b- divided into forty series j numbered ''on-
secutively from one to forty, both- Inclusive each i
series consisting of ten bonds: the first series is to
include thos» bonds which are numbered from '
one to ten, both inclusive, and each succeeding '
genes is to include the ten bonds numbered con-
secutively after those included in the next pre- '
ceding series. .
The first series of gala high school bnlldlnz
bonds and said sewer bonds stun be made payable
on the first day of June, 1898. and one of the re-
maining series is to be made payable on the first
. day or June in each succeeding calendar year
« M e 2£ nntll '"£ nd including the year 1937.
bald bonds are to be made payable to th.- order of
the purchaser or payee by name, and to each of \
said bonds there is to be attached interest-bearing 1
coupons, double in number to the number of Vfari I
which such bond has to run before its maturity. I
Proposals must state the price offered, the descrip-
tion of the bonds desired, and i be accompanied by
"'X *?* 0Q some responsible bank, pay-
nble to the order of the Mayor of said . City, for at i
; be S r n Pe [ ? nt .?l the amoUnl bid, said <*•« to
be returned to bidder in case the bid is not ac-
£ M , *m i n .■P urrhaae monP >" f °r said bonds shall
be pa.d In gold coin of the United .-tates within i
ninety days after notice of acceptance - '1 he rl "he
to accept mi or all bids and to reject ; «ny or "l
served' P ° rtiOnS ° f bid8 r' « B .h"eby expressly r":
; jgjdjMjhy 2,1, 1 89 J 7.^- COOK| Cily Clek :
WeaSen and Women
NOTARY PUBLIC.
HEW TO-PAT.
G BAZAAIT
REDUCED
CAB FARE.
Even the poor can ride
as well as the rich.
Baby Carriages.
All our Carriages have" Varnished Bodies,
Steel Wheel* and Patent Brake.
All Carrlaees over $9.00 have Patent Hubs,
RUBBER TIRE. STEEL WHEELS.
Parasol Top, Reed Body, lined with figured
Sateen, steel wheels . »3.7»
Hood Top, full size Rattan body, lined fig-
ure! Sateen, novelty springs, ste^l
wheels »5. 75
Parasol Top, Reed body, upholstered In Art
fabric, steel wheels and springs 866.35
Hood Top, Heed body, upholstered In Fig-
■ urea lateen. sleel wheels and spiD?s..»7.OO
Hood lop, Reed body, upholstered in Derby
Cloth with Plush roll 8*7.90
Hood Top, Kattan body, upholstered In Tap-
estry with Plush roll, RUBBER TIRK.
STEEL WHEELS... ........ *9. 50
In addition we have a large assortment of
Hood and Parasol Top Carriages in newest de-
signs of bodies and upholsteries, selling up to
$30 each.
We make a specialty of Carriage Repairing.
_ * — . <s
IO^DR. HAIL'S REMIGORATOK
ruSiul Five hundred reward for any cass wi
flm Hag cannot cure. THIS SECRET KEM-
I 9 BUY stops all losses in 24 hours,
M • ■» cures Emissions, lmpotency, Varico-
•■Mi <P¥n cele, Uonorrhoja, Gleet, Fits, Stria-
lilLj it'J'J tures. Blood Disease and all wasting
F&: Sff! effects of -elf Abuse or Exch.-hoi.
F*K.H!HW|fl| Sent (sealed. $2 per bottle, THRUjI.
BOTTLES, 55: guaranteed to cure any case.
I)K. BALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE.
b&5 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
! All private diseases quickly cured. bend for
I tree book.
OCEAN TRAVEL. '
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP CO.
STEAMERS LEAVE BROADWAY /W«
wharf, San Francisco, aa follows:
For Mary Island, Lorinft, WrangeU Juneau, Kll-
llsnoo and Sitlca (Alaska), at 9 a. m., Jan. 9, '24.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
■end, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
New Wr:atcom (iiellini?ham Bay, Wash.), 9a. it
Jan. 4,9. 14, 19, 24, '29, and ever}' fifth day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P. It.
R., at Tacoma with N. P. R. R., at Seattle with U.
N. Ky., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For Kureka, Arca-.a and Fields Landing (Hum.
boldt Bay), str. Pomona 2 p. m., Jan. 4 8 12 18.
20, 24. 28. and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon, Cayneoa.
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gavlota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, &ati Pedro, East San
Pedro (Los Anceles) and Newport, at 9 a. m
Jan. 2, 6, 10, 14, 18, 32, 26, 30, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harrori
(San Luis Obispo), santa Barbara, Port Lot An--
f eles. Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
a.m. Jan. 4, 8, 12. 16, 20, 24, 28, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For Ensenada. San Jose del Cabo. Maz.v.lan. La
Par. and Guaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba. 10
A. m. 26th of each month.
The Company reserves right to change steamers
or sailing-dates. Ticket office— Hotel, 4
New Montgomery street.
GOODALL, PERKINS <ft CO., Gen'l Agents,
- 10 Market st., San Francisco.
THEO. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMEK3 TO .
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf, at 10 a. k.
V A T^TTilf 13 Fli-st - cl * sl! X Including
X XIJ.»/X^\»t} Second-class /berth 4 mean
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Columbia Jan. 3, 18,23, Feb. 'i
State of California. Jan. 8. 18, 28, Feb. 7
Through tickets and through baggage to all
Eastern points. Rates and folders upon applies
tion to j. -\:. -•-•
F. F. CONNOR. General Agent.
630 Market street.
OOODALL. PERKINS <fc CO.. Superjntendftaa
f(S|?i?S3P&SfIJ Tuesday. Jnnuar.- 28.
#J I^B'Stf £ HONOLULU only,
LH Tuesday, Januar/ 28.
a — -^ at ■■!■ p. m. Special party
(SiS^ I* A rates.
is}fcim<;n|n J The S. S. MO.NOWAI
QAMIIiJI!I|/ . salls v . a HOXOLULIT
(n[nF);ir?il-.anci Auckland toe
VWilipUittp S y EY, . Thursday^
February 4. at 2 p. m
LInetoCOOLQARDIB, Anst.,and CAPETOWN
6-outh Afrloa.
J. I). SPRECKELS & BROS. CO- Agnnt*.
114 Montgomery street*
Freight Office, 327 Market st, san Francisco.
CO3IPAGSIE GESERAL TRAISATLAITiQUS
•?i"-" ■■; • French Line to Havre.
COMPANY'- riER(NEW),42 NORTH Jflgm^
\J River, loot of Morton st. Travelers by vS3h&9l
this Hue avoid both transit by English railwavYni
the discomfort of crossing the channel In a small
boat. -New Vorjc to Alexandria. Egypt, via Paris,
first class $ItSO. second class $116.
LABOURGOUNE...... ...Jan. 23, 6 a.m.
LA GASCCGNE... >.... Jan. 30. 9a. m.
LABKETAGNK ......Feb. B, 5 a.m.
LA NORMAN DIE ...Feb. 13, 9 a.m.
LA BOURGOtiNE '.../. .....Feb. 20, 6 a. v.
jjfjr For further particulars apply to
■A. FOKWKT, Agent,
- >'o. 3, Bowiing Green, New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Agents, 6 Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco.
: '
WHITE : JSTAR VSSL
United States and Royal Hail Steamer)
BETWEKSI .
New York, Queenstown & Liverpool.
•>.» ULii .-. vv *. V «. k. x \» t;KK.
CABIN,SSO AND UPWARD, ACCORD- dwa
\J Ins: to steamer and acrommndatior:* mSMBu
selected: second cabin, $4-2 50 and .Si,' 60: 3tajes;id
and Tentonic. Steerasss Tickets from England. 1; -
land, Scotland, Sweden, Norway and Dec mar
through to San Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets^
Bailing dates and cabin plans may bo procured
from W. Id. AVERY. Pacific Mail Dock, or at tha
General Office of the Company, 613 Market strew,
under Grand Hotel. a. W. FLETCHER.
■-■ General Agent tor Pacitic coast.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
! Leave Pier No. 3. Washington St.,
\ At 8 P. M,. Daily. l'r^lK»" recelvod up
S3- Accommodatioiis Reserved by Telephone.
•1 he only « selling through tickets and giving
throu?h "freight rates to all points on \ alley
I Knllroa t.
Walker Feter,.
Mary ™rat r t. Cl^>"hm 1 S. < o5
Telephone Main 806- ("■ > ay - a M lU "' °°
FOR VALLFJO m C. S. mum.
BTUASXKR "MOKTICKIXO."
Dally ex. Saturday & Sue. 10:30 a. if . and *
Saturdays ..••■ »10.30 a. if., 4p.»
Sundays ...V.... •• •••••? *■ »
Landing Mlsslon-atree-, Donic, Pier i. .
Telephone Black iSKI.
•Trip gives a hours s'.'- :• a- Navy-Tart.
FOJI SI.UOSK. m GATOS& SASTACRIZ
STIiAJIER ALVISO LKAVES PIER 1 iiOX-
iiay.- Wednesday. Friday, at, 10 a. st Alvlsa
'i uesdar. Thursdiiy. Saturday, at 3p. m. Freight
i and Passenger. Faro between H«n i'runcuco ao4
Alvlso, oOC; to ban: Jose, 75c. Clay tit) i-r i.
lift vf, b&uift CUra n,, «>au j oa*
1. ■• .... .j ■■: -ESTEE TALKED
TO THE Y. M. I.
Metropolitan Temple Filled
by an Appreciative
Audience.
He Tcok for His Theme "The
Groundwork oi Our Lib
erties."
Many Prominent Members of the
Catho ie Frat -ma! Order Were
Seated Upon the Platform.
Metropolitan Temple was filled last
nichtto its seating capacity of 1800 per
sons, th •• occasion being the annual lect
ure of Washington Council -No. 4, Young
Man's Institute.
The audience was ma^le up equally of
men and women. Tne principal speech
of the evening was delivered by Hon. M.
M. Estee of this City, whose theme was,
u The Groundwork of Our Liberties."
A number of musical selections were
rendered during the evening. The first
was. a piano prelude by Miss Marie
Gioreiani, a vocal solo by Mrs. F. L.
V," ratten, followed by a 'cello solo by Dr.
1 . l\e;:ensburger.
All were heartily applauded ana each
was followed by an encore. Miss Marie
Giorgiani also r;lay d a piar.o posilude.
The siape was strikingly decorated with
National flags and the cross-emblazoned
banners ot theY. M. I. Two large grace
fully draped silken rlatrs formed a central
backeround. Delicate white cheesecloth
covered with silver stars and caught up in
loops extended round the whole front of
the platform, just below a row of small
potted palms placed where footlights are
usually seen.
On the Mace were some thirty men
prominent in the Catholic fraternal order. !
Among them were: Father Peter C.Yorke;
Colonel James Smith, president of the Y.
M. I. of • California; John Lync .., the ex
president; John Green, president of
Council No. 4; Peter Kretz, president
of Council No. 1; Dr. J. H. Morri-on,
James O'Donnell, James Larkin, John
Buddy, Chas. Cain, Frank I. Kierce. John
Caliauhan, John McLauphlin, K. J. Tobin,
P. Hyland, J. O'Brien, Dr. C. A. G over.
H. J. Cuells, R. A. Miller and Joseph
O'Donnell.
Some opening remarks were made by
Colonel James F. Smith, who as president
of the evening and as president of the
Y. M. I. briefly outlined the purposes of
trie organization.
He then introduced the Hon. M. M.
Estee, who, greeted by frequent applause,
spoke in part as follows:
Mr. President, Ladies and Gentlemen: It
has been sflid that "to gain an empire is easy
and common ; to govern it well is difficult and
rare indeed." However this may be, the binh
and childhood of a nation is t period of great
«i;d profound peril. The creation of a new
government by tree men is always perilous,
becausfe the conflicting and varying opinions
of people who think for themselves, the uncer
tainty of ihe result, the daager to the indi
vidual who rebels against established au
thority—all conspire to make the first steps
toward statehood full of danger and grave
•vvith doubt.
The American Government was a growth,
nor a hurried creation. It did not spring into
<"2isterice iv a moment of exuberant patriot
ism, nor did tr>e battles of the Revolutionary
War; Bo bravely fought and won, alone estab-
I lish this Republic
The isolation and the solitude of life in the
voiceless woods made the early American get
tiers self-reliant. They nad little or no Gov
eminent. They needed none. They were ac
customed to no restraint and knew no law but
self-preservation. They soon began to feel
the-ir.own importance and to assert it. They
knew that in unity there was 6irength; and
while but few of the colonists asnired 10 Na
tional independence, all of them claimed to
tie, and really were, independent. The people
of trie Colonies were more opposed to foreign
rule than to the kind of rule they suffered.
. from the beginning new conditions con
fronted them. They were compelled to meet
these conditions by physical and intellectual
efforts, which were unparalleled in the his
tory of that age. Thus from necessity they ;
became inventors of new systems of govern
ment. They grew to greatness by the neglect
of England, not by its aid, and they thus owed
no debt of gratitude to the English King, and
when the ties which bound them were finally
severed they separated without regret.
Even before the Declaration of Independence
they had line experience in self-government,
lor they commenced at an early date to ho d
colonial congresses. In 1754 the drstof these
congresses was held at Albany, in the State ot
New. York, seven colonies only being reDre
bented. And the holding of these congresses
was continued from time to time until 1776,
when the Declaration of Independence was
• made. The war of the Revolution was then in
evitable.
No living man can appreciate the dangers
that confronted the American people after
ipeace was declared. Up to the adoption of the
constitution, there was no National executive,
no Federal judiciary, no means of raising
money except by contribution of the States and
no power to en force equal contributions. Final
ly the Colonial Congress recommendea the
States to send delegates to a convention which
should "revise" the articles of confederation
and report to Congress and the several Legis
latures such alterations and provisions therein
| as should when agreed to in Congress and con
tinned by the States render the Federal con-
Miiuiion adequate to the existence of Govern
ment and the preservation of the Union. This
convention ruined the National constitution.
The first National Congress met in »New
York in 1789. It was a memorable occasion
in American history. It was opened with
prayer and it is reported that the stillness
which pervaded the vast audience gathered
around the few representatives who met there
' to legislate for the first time for the American
Ration was awe-inspiring. Old men wept
■with joy. Washington stood calm and serene
X ■•! h ways, immobile in countenance and so-
V''--nie In convii:tiou. He had the great honor
Hki addressing »n American Congress for the
first time as President, and he was the only
President who ever personally addressed the
Congress of the United Slates. He carried
with him to that lofty position, not oniy the
love and affection of the Continental army,
but the confidence of the whole American
people. Neither sectional nor local strifes
could touch the universal confidence which
the peppie reposed in him.
The changes since then have been so mar
velous, our increase in wealth and population
has been so great, that the world wonders at
the phenomenal growth of this Republic, a
growth due largely to the lact that ever since
the adoption of our constitution this country
< has been the beacon light of liberty and thus
attracted to our shores a bold, hardy race of
men as immigrants. It has inspired no wars
for conquest, but to-day, through its wise and
peaceful counsels, it controls the govern
' mental policy of tne western continent. The
Monroe doctrine has thus become the doctrine
of peace.
. The United States was made one Nation by
the constitution, and yet the question whether
American nationality or State »>overeignty
should hold the mastery occupied the public
mind for many years. This was largely due to
the fact that the American colonies (afterward
the States of/ the Union) maintained local
governments long before the Union was cc- '
mented together into one Nation by the con
stitution. The people has thus become at
tached to their State before the United States
was in existence. For the first seventy years
of our constitutional history the problem of
State sovereignty, or State right*, was the
cause of most of the political divisions among
the people. Some leading statesmen claimed
to owe their first allegiance to their State and
not to the Nation. ' ~
The preamble of the National constitution
Rots this matter, however, at rest. It is the
iraost splendid phrasing of national principles
iuiat man has ever devised.
• "We, the people of. the United States, in
Yrder to form a, more perfect Union, establish
jVstice, insure domestic .tranauillity, provide
lor the common defense, promote the general
welfare and secure the blessings of liberty to
ourselves and our posterity, do ordain and
establish this constitution for the United
States of America."
If that declaration did not make a nation
nothing could. -
,- To, secure the blessings of liberty in its
broadest sense ana to carry out the principles
enunciated in the preamble to the eonstitu
tton, the convention proceeded to make and
did make a constitu.ional declaration in
favor of religious liberty. In terms that ad
mit oi no mibconstruciio;i it prescribed:
"That no religious test Bliall ever be re
quired as a Qualification to any office or public
trust under tlie Uniied States." And further:
"That Congress shall make no laws respect
ing an establishment of religion or prohibit
ing the tree exercise thereof." The broad and
enlightened position thus assumed by our
foreiatbersou the question of religious liberty
is the more remarkable for the reason that
nearly every one of the colonies was originally
settled by gome religious sect, strong in lUowi
convictions and unbending In its prejudices.
And yet, when the representatives of these
met to make a constitutional law for them
selves and for future generations they forgot
their creeds aud legislated for all men and all
creeds, aud thereby engrafted upon the Ameri
can constitution the most sublime principles
of complete religious freedom. 1 his declara
tion did more toward buiiuing up this great
Republic thau any other one principle made
prominent in turn chartered liberty By in
viting to our shores the people of ail faiths it
made Amer;ca the asylum of those who loved
God and wished to worship him according to
the dictates of their conscience; and it af
lorded additional proofs to tne world thai
the Americnn people by defending religious
liberty would perpetuate civil liberty, for the
security oi the one is the perpetuation of the
Nowhere in the constitution is the name of a
Supreme Beim to be found, and yet every sen
timent of th»t constitution teaches the princi
ples which Chris. ianity inculcates. And so
America has sought to teath oiner and differ
ent lemons from those incu cated by the earlier
Civilizations. Nay, within a month, this Repub
lic has adopted a treaty of arbitration with
England, wherein the differences between
these nations, should any arise, shall be nettled
upon ttie principle of equity and justice and
uot Dy the aroitrnmet oi arms. America has
thus shown that natious, iike men, should set
t.c their differences by peaceful Wians, for the
time is fast approaching '-when nation shall
not lift sword iigainst uatiou; neither shall
they learn war any more."
My iriends, therf ure dangers confronting
this Republic, as there Hre dangers commut
ing every nation, some of which it Is lolly to
disregard or puss unnoticed. Safety rests in
knowing our mistake^ and correcting them.
MRS. BELLE NAVA.
Whenever virtue ceases to be a substance in
American affairs this great KepuDlic will fall
to pieces, because the virtue and intelligence
of the people is the rock upon which this Gov
ernment staads. When either wealth, igno
rance or corrupt political ambition supplants
virtue and honest intelligence in the policy of
this Nation this great Republic will be in
dancer.
There are other perils, however, imper.-ding
ovor our country, ana these are of a political
nature. The saiety and the perpetuity of this
Nation depends largely upon the wisdom, the
stability and the purity of American politics.
If we maintain pure politics we will have pure
government. But when the American people
shall become so imbued with factional political
sentiments as to be willing to risk the Nation
forlthe success of a party or a cause, then the
onn'.ry will be in danger.
Remember always that nothing can survive
the loss ot liberty. With its loss will fall all
that civilization holds dear. II we wish to
cunt'nue this Republic in the course marked
out by the constitution we must maintain the
moral sentiments of the people. If we would
perpetuate the principles ot freedom and sus
tain American institutions we must cultivate
a patriotic devotion to our country. Then the
temple of liberty built by our fathers will
stand through time untouched by vandal
hands, but the great mission of the American
Nation will tie accomplished only when lib- !
erty, regulated by law, shall be the inspiring
principle of all the nations ot the earth.
THE HMD OF FELLOWSHIP
Singular Death of a Member of
Sargent Lodge, Order of
Oid Fellows.
At the close of the installation of the
officers of Sargent Lodge No. 368, I. O. O.
F., by District Deputy Grand Master Mer
schon and his staff, Frank E. Smith, the
retiring noble grand, was presented a
handbome past grand's jewel in token of
the esteem in which he is held by the
members of the lodge. After the presen
tation and the transaction of routine busi
ness there was an informal smoker, and
all the members had a general eood time.
Short but interesting addresses were made
by the district deputy and visiting Odd
Fellows.
At a meeting of this lodge held last night
one member was admitted by a deposit of
card and two were initiated, the work be
ing done in a creditable manner by Noble
Grand A. P. Ely, assisted by the other
officers of the lodge.
This lodge was organized about six years
ago and was named for the late Aaron A.
Sargent, who was a United States Senator
from California. Its rise has ben re
markable, and it has increased in the
point of membership and finance in a
manner that la cnditabft to those who
have had its advancement at heart. It
has to its credit in bank nearly $7000. The
officers and members nave the credit of
dome ail in their power to make their
meetings interestine and instructive. At
its last held meet ng the sum of $75 was
ordered paid to the mother of one of its
members, who died six hours after reach
ing his mother's home in tne East. The
excitement and joy of meeting his mother,
from whom he had been separated for
many years, brought on an attack of
apoplexy, which caused his death. Reso
lutions of condolence were ordered for
warded to Ins mother.
Excelsior I-ortgo So. 166. F. and A. M-
To-morrow night, m St. John's Hall, Masonic
Temple, tuere will be an unusual event. It
will be the conferring of the third degree on
a candidate by the officers of 1884, and the
following named will occupy tbe stations- F
C. Hensley. W. M.j Carroll Cook, S. W ■
Samuel H. Daniel*, J. W. ; John H. Conrad S.
D., and H. J. Owens, J. D. For special reason*
a request was made that the candidates re
ceive the degree from officers who presided
thirteen years ago and the request was
granted, a dispensation being granted to en
able them to do the work. '
A child should be ab:e to speak per
fectly at the age of 3^ years.
Many persons think tliat all Ales, are alike
until they have tried Evbtis' India Pale Ale,
then they find out the difference and know
why. Sherwood & bherwood, Pacific Coast
agents. *
THE SAN, FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY JANUARY 19, 1897.
THREE ASSAULTS
UPON WOMEN
A Servant-Girl and Two
Married Women the
Victims.
Brutal Attack Upon Mrs. Mary
E. Markey by Thres Mid
dlfAged Men.
Petriona Quinones Wounded E v n
Times and Mrs. Belle Nava Is
Beaten, Choked and Bruised.
It lias been frequently remarked in po
lice circles that when a crime out of the
usual run of offenses is committed it is
generally followed very soon by two
others of a similar nature. Such a coinci
dence happened within a few hours on
Saturday night and early yesterday morn-
Injr.
The first, which was briefly referred to
in yesterday's issue, was the case of
Petriona Quinones, a servant girl em
ployed in a lodging-house at 1008 Van
Ness avenue. She had retired to rest and
was awakened by a loud knocking at her
bedroom door. On inquiring what was
wanted Herman Colin, a son of the pro
prietor of the lodging-house, told her he
wanted to see her.
"1 refused to open the door," she said
yesterday, "and he bepged me to do it
just for a minute. 1 got up and opened
the door. I saw be had beeji drinking,
but before I could shut the door he thrust
himself in the room.
"He said he would fix me in two min
utes for showing favors to Nathan, his 15
--year-old brother, and asked me for the
rat poison his mo her had bought, saying
that he and I would swallow it and die
together. I told him I did not know
where it was, and then he pulled a knife
FETRIONA QUINONES.
out of his pocket and began to stab me
with it.
"I screamed for help and seized the
knife with my left hand and tried to
wrench it from him, but I could not do it
and he continued to stab me. I ran
screaming out of the room and knocked ct
two doors calling for help, but no one
answered.
"I was afraid Herman would renew his
assault upon me, but on going back to
mv room I found he was not there. I
threw on my dress and ran to a doctor in
the next block, but be would not attend
to me, and then 1 met a policeman and
was taken to the hospital."
Dr. Fitzgibbon found three wounds on
her back, a deep wound in her abdomen
and six wounds on her left band. It took
him a considerable time to stitch ana
dress the wounds.
Herman Cohn called at the Central Po
lice Station about 1 o'clock yesterday
morning and surrendered himself, ac
knowledping that he had done the stab,
bing. He was under the influence of
liquor, and refused to say why be bad at
tempted to murder the woman. He was
taken to the hospital and the woman
identified him. He was then taken to the
City Prison and a charge of assault to
murder was booked against him. The
right wrist Dand of his shirt was covered
with blood, and it was cut off aud will be
held as evidence aerainst him.
The woman is 28 years of age, and has
been in this City for the past six years.
She gave birth to an illegitimate child
about a year before coming to this Uity.
She had been a servant in the Conn lodg
ing-house for the past two months, and
acknowledged to having bestowed her
favors upon the boy Nathan and his
brother Herman, and that the latter was
actuated by jealousy in making the mur
derous attack upou her. The wounds are
not dangerous.
Mrs. Mary E Markey was the victim of
a brutal assault about the same time as
the Quinones. woman. She lives at 1116
Folsom street, her husband, Charles A.
Markey, being an engineer on the water
front. She had been visiting her mother
at 727 Clementina street Sunday night and
left to return home shortly after 11
o'c ock.
As she was passing a stable at 374 Isa
toma street a men who was standing at
the door accosted her in German and
asked her to come into t c stable. With
out deigning to reply she pushed past him
and he grabbed hold of her, forcing her
toward the door. He placed his hand on
her mouth to prevent her frini screaming
and when they pot to the door it was
opened by two men who were inside.
She was carried upstairs to a room in
the rear of the stable. She was kept there
for half an hour and tlie man who accosted
her on the street maltreated her and at
tempted to criminally assault her. He
struck her in the f.tce and tried to choke
her, but she fought desperately and baf
fled the efforts of the ruffian. Then he
began to plead with her to live with him.
During the strugglw her purse contain
ing $3 15 was taken from her pocket and a
gold ring lrom her finger.
She finally succeeded in making her
escape, and she rushed home and told her
husband of her treatment. He seized a
butcher-knife and was hurrying in the
direction oi the stable when he met Police
men T. F. Burke and McEntee. They
accompanied him to the stable and tound
the three men. They were taken to Mrs.
Markey's Louse and she identified them.
The man who accosted her is Gus Sor
ger, a teamster, 52 years of age, and be
was charged with robbery and an attempt
to commit a criminal assault. The other
two men are Fred Gerhardy, a cook, 40
years of age, and William Roderwalu, a
laborer, 43 years of age. They were each
booked on a charge of robbery. The
policemen returned to th' room in the
stable and found the purse and the ring.
The prisoners were arraigned in Judue
Conlan's court yesterday morning.
Mr?. Markey is confined to bed from the
shock to her nervous system, and was too
ill to appear in court yesterday.
The third victim was Mrs. Belle Nava,
the wife of a barber living at 325J^ Bush
street. According to her story sue was
accosted on the street by three young
men, who suggested that she should ac
company them. She knew one of them
and walked along with them until they
came to a building at Fourth and Howard
streets, where Dr. Swain has a dental
office.
They asked her to go upstairs with
them, but she declined, and two of them
carried her up to the dental office by main
strength. There they choK d and beat
her and tried to criminally assault her.
Policeman James Cook and W. Meyer
were notified of the affair and they raided
the place. They met Ellis Swain, a son
of Dr. Swain, coming downstairs and he
was placed under arrest. Proceeding to
the dental office they found tho woman
on a lounge and James Muivey beside her.
She was under the influence of liquor.
Her clothing was torn and there were
marks of violence on her arms and throat.
Swain and Mulvey, who cave the name
of Wilson, and the woman were taken to
the City Prison. The two young men
were pooked on a charce ol attempt to
commit a criminal assault and the woman
for being drunk. Subsequently R. J.
Thomas, an ex drnmmer, who was with
Swain and Muivey, was arreftud and
booked for disturbing the peace. He did
not go upstairs to the dental office, but
remained outside. Thomas pleaded guilty
in Judze Joacbimsen's court yest« rday
and was ordered to appear for sentence
to-day. The other two were arraigned.
Muivey is a clerk in an attorney's office
and is a brother of Thomas M'ulvey, a
Deputy County Clerk.
The two young men's story differs from
that of the woman. They said they were
in Abbott's saloon on Grant avenue, near
Post street, when the woman came ud to.
them and said her lorer had beat n her
She snowed bruises on her arms and throat
°and said that she was afraid to go home,
as he might go there and kill her, and she
asked if they would take care of her.
Tney had two or three drinks with the
woman and took her to the dental rooms
so that she coulJ stop there all night. She
complained ol being hungry and it was
while he was out to get some sandwiches
for her that Swain says he was arrested by
tne policemen. They positively denied
that they attempted to criminally assault
her and cannot understand why she should
make such a charpe ae-ainsr them.
Levin Brothers' Creditors.
Creditors of Levin Brothers held a meeting
In Judge Slack's court yesterday. Jacob Levl
Jr. was appointed Mssienee by creditors whose
claims aggregate #90,000. His bond was fixed
at $50,000. The stock, fixtures, eti» Jof five
stores belonging to the Insolvent jfcrm have
been valued at $31,290, and there are book
accounts worth #14, 232, o£ whith about one
quaner are good.
Ocean View Club.
A meeting of the residents of Ocean View
was held Sunday afternoou.
The attention of »he Board of Health will
be drawn to a hog ranch near the town, which
has become a nuisance. Additional electric
lights will be ssked for.
The club decided to co-operate with the Im
provement Association, in order the better to
prosecute its woik.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
WHERE OIL FLOWS
FROM HILLSIDES
Character of the Petroleum
Fields of Southern
Counties.
Watts of the State Mining
Bureau Tells of His
Investigations.
Cattle Stick Fast and Die in Warm
Asphaltum Like Fus on
Flypap-r
The oil resources of California are being
carefully investigated by the State Mining
Bureau, which looks for a great develop
ment some day of the oil industry along
the slopes of the Coast Ranj;e from San
Francisco southward almost to the Mexi
can border iine. The recent extensive
explorations made in ihe southern part of
the State by W. L. Watts of the Mining
Bureau lormed the subject of an interest
ing popular lecture given last night before
the Academy uf Sciences.
The discourse was made additionally
entertaining by a stereopticon display of
about 200 v.ews ol the oil wells, bitumin
ous deposits and petroleum-bearing re
gions visited by the lecturei.
One of the views showed an asphaltum
flow in which were sticks and stones and
bones of animals. Sometimes, the lec
turer explained, cattle lie down in ibe as
pbaltnm when it is warm; they never get
up again. At other times, on warm days,
cows attempt to walk through the soit
black stuff, but they stay in it until they
are rescued or until they die.
In some localities, particularly in the
Sespe oil regions of Ventura County,
horizontal tunnels have been bored into
the precipitous hillsides in search of oil
flow. The gas accompanying the oil de
posit makes life in the tunneis impossible
without a constant blast of fresn air sent
in by water pressure.
Some of the tunnels are lighted by in
candescent electric lights. Others are
lighted simply by an ordinary mirror, op
erated by a man on the outside, so that
the sun's rays are reflected straight into
the tunnel. By tbis simple means light
may be thrown in a di-uauce of 1000 feet,
ai a with such power that ordinary news
paper print may be read by a person at
toe far end of the tunnel.
During his discourse Mr. Watts, when
describing the commercial aspects of his
scientific explorations, spoke in substance
as follows:
The minerals of Californfa consist not only
ot most; irom which metals are obtained, but
also of numerous other substances which
are constantly becoming in greater demand
as civilization advances and as the arts and
manufactures are further developed. Th c most
important of the latter class of minerals are
tlioße known as the hydrocarbons. They are
formed of the elements of njdrogeu and
carbon. They furnish light and ' heat
and are utilized in many different ways
which contribute 10 man's comtort and well
being.
The hydrocarbon minerals treated in this
lecture are the petroleums.
Researches in various parts of the world
have led to the conclusion that petroleum de
posits may be divided into two classes, namely,
primary and secondary deposits. The primary
deposit is contained by the rocks in wnich ihe
petroleum was formed or originally accumu
lated. The secondary deposit is formed when
petroleum wanders from strata in which it
originally accumulated and finds a resting
place in other rocks which are favorable to its
storage.
Primary deposits have been found to belong
to definite geological horizons; that is to say,
the rocky strata containing such deposits
have a definite position with regard to the
other rocks which have been formed before
and after them, and which, tHkcu together
with the petroleum-yielding rocks, constitute
a geological series in the localise* where such
deposits of petroleum are found. Such oil
yielding strata are conformable to all the
other strata included withiu their geological
horizon, and frequently the oii-yielding rocks
can be traced 1 oin mountain to mountain
wherever the characteristic rocks representing
their geological horizon are exposed.
The secondary deposits are, in the nature of
their occurrence, erratic and local. In some
cases it is difficult to distinguish primary from
secondary deposits, but when rocks belonging
to a certain geological horizon are found to be
oil-bearing, not only in one place, but on
different lolds and in different localities, it
may be assumed that such oil-oearlug rocks
belong to a primary deposit of petroleum.
Another important question is that of the
structure of the rocks which has resulted in
the accumulation of petroleum in valuable
quantities. The characteristic structure of
the formations is that oi cioseiy compressed
anticlinal lolls. By fir the greatest number
of remunerative wel s penetrate the rocks
which iorm the upper portion of t !i ese folds.
During the year 1895 about 1,250,000 bar
rels of oil were produced in CnLfornia. Of
this amount very nearly 1,000,000 barrels
were produced in Los Angeles County, and
something less than 250,000 In Ventura
County. It Is probable that the yield for 1896
will not fall very far short of this amount.
The geologica. horizon of the oil-yielding
rocks in tne southern part of California is as
follows:
About Los Ange'es, pliocene; and in th«
Puente district, older than pliocene. Tne
petroleum deposits north of the valley of the
Santa Clara River, in Ventura County, consist
of dark-coiored shales and soft sandstone de
posited between the eocene and miocene pe
riod, and rocks deposited during the eocine
period. The geological horizon of the oil
yielding rocks at Summer-lam 1 ,, Santa Barbara
County, has yet to be determined.
The L >s Angeles oil and the Summerlanrl oil
is heavy ; its principal value is for fuel. It is
usual. y estimated that from three and a half
to four barreU oi it have a fuel value equal tr>
that of aoout one ton ot good bituminous coal.
M> st of th.' Ventura County oil is much
lighter than the Los Angeles and Summe;
land oil. It is handled by the Union Oil Com
pany, which has a refinery at Oleum, Contra
Costa County.
The oil irom the Puente wells and from the
weHs of the Pacific Const Oil Company, near
Newha.l, in Los Angeles County, is still lighter
than the Ventura County oil. The Puente oil
is refined by the Puente Oil Company, which
hHS its works at Chino, in San Bernardino
founty. The Pico Canyon oil is refined by the
Pacific Coast and the Slur 0.1 Company at its
works in Alameda County.
PrOPoSEd MINING LAWS
Fighting for a Commission to
Pass on the Nature of
Lands.
Miners" Association Preparing an Act
Relative to Acquiring M ning
Rirhts
The miners of the Srate are watching
Congress with a keen interest to see what
action will be taken upon the several min
ing measures now before the Rational
lawmakers. One in particular is House
bill 4080, providing for a commission to
determine upon the mineral or non
mineral nature of land in railroad grants.
A. H. Rickett*, chairman of th^- commit
tee of mineral lands of the association,
has sent letters to all the Pacific Coast
members in Congress upon this matter,
uraing them by voice and vote to do all
in their power to carry the bill.
Several have sent replies. One from
Senator George V. Perkins says that he
will give the matter his careful considera
tion. Congressman Eugene F. Loud in
his answer, said: "I have in the past
and shall continue to use such influence
as is in my power to further the measure."
Congressman Hartmann made a similar
promise. Senator Stephen M. White also
promises to do what he can, but he throws
cold water over the matter by adding in
conclusion: "If Mr. Reed would consent
to its preseniation to the House it
would undoubtedly pass; but 1 am very
much afraid that he will refrain from
favorable action. lam doing my utmost
to force it through. " The answer of Sen
ator George W. Mcßride shows that the
measure has friends, for he writes as fol
lows: -.
* * * In reply I have to say that I am a
member of the Committee on Public Lands tnat
condemned the bill at the last session. As
your letter states, the bill was amended so as
to include Oregon in its provisions, and the
members ol the Oregon delegatiun in Congress
are unanimous in its support and very anxious
that the bih shouid pass tne House of Kepre
sentaiives at the present session.
The executive committee of the associa
tion is not overlooking the State La isla
ture and before tne session is over will
have prepared a number oJ measures ihat,
it is believed, will be of gre>t benefit to
the miners of the State. One matter
which ia of more than usual interest re
lates to the acquisition of mining rights
upon public domain. The committee to
which this mailer was given to irame an
act was instructed to confine the proposed
law to the following purposes:
The enactment of a law providing for the
recording of notices of location, and making
bucii notice when recorded prima facie evi
dence of the facts therein recited.
The enactment of a law ailuwing the dis
coverer of a lode claim sixty days irom the
date of liis discovery to perfect his location
and mark ais boundaries.
The enactment 01 a 1- w providing for the de
posit wiih the County Recorder ot the several
counties of all district recoris heretofore ex
leiin !, making euca County Recorder the legal
custodian ot such records and authorizing
copies certified to by such recorder to be ad
mitied in evidence, with like eft' ct as ii cer
tified to by tne original custodian of such
record.
Making provision for the amendment of
location novices where the originals are de
fective.
Providing for the proof cf annual labor by
affidavit filed with the County Recorder on the
lines of the existing law.
The Anti-Saloon Influence.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 18.— At a meet
ing o; the Trustees the liquor license of
A. Franck was revoked at the request of a
committee of the Anti-Saloon League.
They charged him with seling or giving
liquor to a daughter of X.. H. Fallmath
and others. A secret session of the board
waa held several weeks ago, but no idea of
the verdict was out. This is tte
first case the league has attempted to deal
with, and will serve as a lesson to the pub
lic as to what may be expected of them.
The French Minister of Commerce has
issue i a decree authorizing t lie employ
ment of pure nickel for tne manufacture
of measures of capacity intended for the
u*e of liquids.
NEW TO-DAT.
THEY KNOW.
Opinions of Some Skillful Chicago
♦ Physioiana.
The new article now being used in place
of coffee has made many friends, and it
may interest these friends and others to
know the opinion of some of the well-
known physicians of Chicago on the sub-
ject. The following are extracts from a
lew of their letters now on lile in the office
of the Fostum Cereal Co., Lim., at Battle
Creek, Mich.:
Dr. G. E. Bass., So. Chicago, lll. : "I have
tried Postum and was well enough pleased
that I would like to use more of it. Kindly
inform me where it can be obtained in this
locality."
Dr. Almond Brooks. 21 Quincy street,
Chicago, 111.: "The test I have made of
Postum makes me think I can use it in
practice as a substitute for coffee, the use
of which I daily prohibit."
Dr. Wrn. Bonart, Emerald aye. and 43d
st., Chicago, III. : "Your Postum I have
tried and like it very much."
Dr. Joseph P. Cobb, "Tue Clinique," 3156
Indiana aye., Chicago: "Your sample of
Fostum is received and brewed. It is
pleasant, and when a substitute for coffee
is desired will, I believe, be of value."
Dr. Archibald Church, attending physi-
cian to St. Luke's Hospital, Professor of
Nervous Diseases, Chicago Folyclinic and
Home for Crippled Children, Pui man
Bidg., Chicago, in a letter to the Postum
Cereal Co.. Lim., Battle Creek, Mich. : "I
nave made a trial of Postum and think it
will serve admirably as a substitute for
coffee for those who are accustomed to use
sugar in that beverage."
There are many more letters of a like
character from prominent physicians in
all parts of America expressing their
thanKs for the help gained and to be
gained by their patients in the use of the
health coffee, "Postum.''
There is but one genuine original Postum
Cereal coffee, wit'i a multitude of imita-
tions off erf das "just good."
•♦••♦•♦•♦^•••••♦•* •♦•♦•♦< I
I Coughs and Colds II
<i n
;; CAN BE CURED. ji
<> v
1 1 If neglected they cause that dread dis- < |
X ease, Consumption. <*
S- J[
o ~~ i
;; Dr. Martin's Pain Curer ;;
A - . ' <>
© Is a remedy that is unequaled. Q
a ♦
I 1 Price, 25c, 50c, $1 Per Bottle g
( I ______ o
J | L. CALLISCH, \\
♦ Wholesale Agent for the Pacific Coast, _?
♦ San Jose, Cal. , [
♦ For sale by all druggists. The trade **
♦ supplied by Redington & Co.. Mack &. 1 •
♦ Co. and Langley & Michaels, San Fran- X
P Cisco. J
S+o »•♦»♦•♦«♦•♦•♦•♦# ♦»<#•♦#
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
Atlantic 1^
RAILICOAD
Trains leave auJ Arrlvj n^StKIfISCSiISHH
SANTA FE EXPRESS. WMs%m
To C'hioHKo via A. & P '\§ggsPgjo
I>ireot Line
Leaves da ly a: 6: -0 v. M..carrvlnc Pullman Palacs
.Drawing-room and .Modern Upholstered Tourl.u
Sieeplnß-cars. which run dally through to Chicago
via Kansas City. Annex cars lor Denver and 8u
Louis.
Uo-i.on I-Tcunlr.ns. va Kansas City, Chicago.
Montreal and the white Moan talus leave every
ii esday.
I he best railway , from California to the East.
New rails, new lies: no dust: interesting scenery,
ana good meals in Harvey* dining-rooms.
San Francisco Ticket Office, 644 Market
St., Chronicle Huilding. Telephone Slain
1&31. Oakland, UX»iiruaU»dy.
KORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausalito Kerry).
fnm. San Francisco, Commencing Sept. 1& 1891
WEEKDAY* .
For Mill Valley and -an Kafael— *7 l3s, •9HI
11:UO a. M.i *1:45. 8:45, •5:18. •5:45,0:30 p.m.
Extra trips for Ban Rafael on Mondays, Wedas*
days and faaturdays at 11 :30 P. U.
.. BUXDAYB.
For Mill .Valley and Bon Bafael— *B :oo, •10:01
•11:30 A. M. ; *1 -.. 0. 3:00, *4:30. 6:16». M.
Tralna marked * run to San Uuentin.
THROUGH TB AINB.
For Pol Reyes and way stations— x. «,
Weekdays, 8 100 a. m. Sundays, 1:45 ax. data*
Cays. ' '■"■-■•.■.:■. .•■■
t»r Casndero and way stations— l ;2B a, X. nftfe
tern i.iii iv «. sayir4w*_.
A TIMELY TOPIC.
What the Leading Papers Say About the
Great Danger of These Days. •
The leading question of the day among
scientific men and in tne leading papers is
tne alarming increase of pneumonia, the
death rate showing an increase of over
FIVE HUNDRED PER CENT within
the last few years. , Doctor Gouverneur
M. Smith, in an article in the Medical
Record, says that while medical art has
advanced of recent years in many direc
tions, "so far as pneumonia is concerned
science has shriveled." The New York
Sun, writing on this subject, says: "The
great increase in the fatality of pneumonia
is very alarruintr, especially as the disease
carries off so many in the fullness of life
and health." The New York Herald
says: "Considering the impending weather
changes, this dread disease opens its cam
paign very vigorously." Surgeon-General
Moore of the army in his annual recort
says: "The principal cause of death in the
army is pneumonia." #
There is one thing that every doctor,
every surgeon and every nurse does upon
the first appearance of pneumonia, and
that is to stimulate the system. The life
is weakened and must be stimulated to
throw off this ■. terrible disease. Puro
j spirits do this; imiure spirits do not.
The amount of Duffy's pare malt whiskey
used by the doctors and nurses in the
land in case of pneumonia is enormous
Great care should be exercised in securing
the genuine, and great promptness in
taking it oh tbe approach of the first
symptom*.
RAILROAD TRAVBTJ
HOt lIU:K> I*A« IKIC « O'U'ANV.
{PACIFIC raatuM.)
Trains leave mid »•■«• da« la itrrlve at
NAM I'KANCI.SCO.
leave — From January 1, 1697. — arriv
"*S:O»a Niles, San Jose and Way Stations... 8:45 a
7:OOa Atlantic Expresß, (Jgilen and Mart.. 8:-lSp
7:00 a Benicia, Vacaville, Kums.-y. Sacra-
mento. Oroville and Redding via
DarU 6:45p
7:20 a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, Xapa,
(Jalistoga and Santa Rosa 6:13 »
NiIIOa Nile% San .lost-, Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, Marysville, Chico,
Tehaina and lied -«jll»p
•B:3©a Paters aud Mlltou *7115r
9:OOa New Orleans Kxpress, Raymond (for
Yossmitc), Fresno, .Dakersfield,
Santa Barbara, lios Angeles, Dem-
ing, £1 Paso, New Orleans and «
East 4»45p
9:OOa Martinez and Stockton 4:4.%p
9:00 a Vallejo 0:15p
Kilua, San Jose, Liveimore and
Stockton 7:1.1 r
. *I:OOp Sacramento River Steamers *O:OOp
' I :OO v Nileg, San Joae and l.ivermore 8:49 a
' tl:3»r Port Costa and Way Stations t?:43p
4:OOr Martinez, San Ramon. Vallejo,
: . ' '. • . Napa, Calistoga, El Verauo and
Santa Rosa OtISA
' 4:00p Benicia, Vacaville, Woodland,
Knights Landing, Marysville, Oro-
villa and Sacramento 11:15 A
4 : 30 p Lathrop, Stockton, Modesto, Mer-
ced and Fresno, going via Kiles,
returning via Martinez lli4BA
SiOOpLos Angelas Express. Tracy,
Fresno, . Santa Barbara and Loi
Angeles ■•„ 10:43 a
StOOp Santa Fc Route. AMautlc Express
for Mojave aud Kazt...: 10:43 a
6:OOp European Mail, Ogden and Kaat..,. . 9:43 a
6:OOr Haywards, Niles and Kan Jose 7:43 a
t7:OO p Vallejo 17:45*
7:00p Oregon Express, Sacramento, Marys-
ville. Redding, Portland, l'ugtt
Sound and Ka-it .; lIiIUa
•JIOiOOp " Sunset Limitod." Fresno, Los
,' •■■<■■• Angeles, HI Paso, New Orleans
:■ and East ■■ §ia»4gp
SANTA CUD/ DIVISION (Narrow iiaoge).
M:lsA~Newark,(JeiiterviU<',San.lo9e.l<'clton,
' BoulderCreek,SanUCruzandWay
Stations ; siso*
•a«lsp Newark. Centcrville, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and. Principal Way
Stations •ll:aK)A
4:15 p Newark, Bui .lose and I.us tiatos ... 9:50 a
f11:43p Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
1 Way Stations , j7taof
COAST DIVISION Qllilril X lowiihcihl iSts.)
6:43 a ban Jose and Way (Stations (New
Almadeu Wednesdays only) llSOp
8:13 a Han Jose, Tres Pinos, Santa Cruz.
PaciHc Grove. Paso Rubles, San
Luis Obispo, Guadalupe, Sun aud
Principal Way Stations 7ioop
IO:4Oa San Jose aud Way Stations B:OOp
1 1:»Oa Palo Alto and Way Stations 3:30"
*2:30p San Mateo, Menlo Park. Han Jose,
Gilroy, Tres Pinos, Santa Cruz,
Salinas,Monterey and PacincGrova MO:*!©*
•8:HOp San Jose and Way Stations 9:45 a
*4:3opSao Jeseaud Way Stations *8:O3a
' 3:30p 8» . Jose and Principal Way Stations *8:43 A
«:3Op San Jose and Way Stations fl::i.%\
IU:4Sp San Jose and Way Stations t7:45p
SAX LKASUKO AM* lIAVWARUS LIMiAL.
t'OiOOA ', ' " ~~ C 7:15 a
8:OOa \ t»:43A
iS'SSt Seminary Park, 5 1 list
"IJSop Fitchbiinr,S.iiLeandro "^g'
3:00p « d \ 4:43p
4:OOp 1 5:43p
XI HaTTfards 6:1 3p
«:BOp uajwara*. 7 . 45p
7:«0p - »:41i
8:00p , _ . . . __ 9:43p
9-OOp » Runs through to Nile*. 1O:3Op
ttll:lspj tFromNilea. I m2:OOp
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
FromS&S m.\'ClSCo— Foot ofHtrket Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. U=oo ♦2:00 J3:00
•4:00 *6:00 *6:00 p.m.
From 01IUHD— Foot of Broadway.— *6:00 8:00
10:00 a.M. {12:00 *l:00 12:03 *3:C9 t*:o3
"5:03 p.m. |
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
* Sundays excepted. t Saturdays only,
t Sundays only.
ft Monday. Thursday and Saturday nights only.
TfTuei days and Saturdays. § Sundays and Thursday.
SIN FRANCISCO & NORTH PI-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
! WEEK I)AYS-7:30. 9:00, 11:00 a. jc: 12:3%
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11 -.30 p. h. Saturdays— Kxtra trips at 1:60
and 11:30 p.m.
i 6CNUAYS- 8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. it.; I:3a 3:3*
6:00, 6:20 p. K.
San Rafael to Ann Francisco.
! WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. if
12:45, 3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trl ni
at 1 -.55 p. M. and 6:35 p. m. •
! SUNDAYS— B:. O, 9:40, 11:10 a. M.: 1:40, 3:41
6:00, 6:25 p. H.
I Between Ban Francisco and Scbuetzan Park sams
schedule as above. , -
JL*are Tn '-„. Arrive
San Francisco. oct 14? Ban Francls0 *
Wbkk I Bdn- I ,p. Itfn1 t fni 5 ; lon Brx- Wkkic J
; Pats. | payB. destination. DAY9^ | DxYa-
-7:30 AM 1 8:00 am Novato, - 1 10:40 ami 8:40 am:
8:30 I'M 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:10 pm 110:25 Ate
6:10 5:00 pm | Santa Rosa. I 7:35 pm 6:22 PM.
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 a*
Healdsburg,
■ i ytton,
Geyservilie,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:55 pu 6:23 pm:
Pleta, -
Hopland ifc
| 7:30 am 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:35 pm 6:23 px
! 7:30 am I lU:2sam;
8:00 am Guerne ville. 7:35 pm
8:30 PM : | I 6:22 pat
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 ay
and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 PM 6:22 PM
I 7:30 AM|8:00 am sehMtonoL 110:40 AM 10:2. a*
j 8:30 PMJS:OO pm seD * Blo P ou | 6:10 pm 6:22 PX
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Marie Wess
i Springs; at Geyservilie for Skaggs Springs: at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pieta {or Highland
'Springs, Kelseyville, Soda Lay and LAkepori; at
Hopland for Lakeport and Bartlett Springs; at
I Ukiah for Vichy springs, Saratoga Springs. Blao
I Lakes, Laurel Del! Lake, Upper Lake. Porno, Potter
i Valley. Jonn Day's, Riverside, LierUy's. Buck-
: nells, Sanhedrln ; Heights. Hullville, Boonevtlls,
: Greenwood, Git's Hot Springs. Mendoclno City,
I Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal. 'A'Uieis. eahto, Co-
i veto, Laytonville, Harris, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets atreduoej
r&tfflu ' ■ ■ ' •
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all point* be-
j yond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle bntldlnji
U. CL whiting, . B. X. by aw.
Gen. ilanagcr. Gen. Pass. Agent.
THE SAS FE.UGISCO M 9 si» JOIQUI.I
VALLEY RAILWAY COIPAM.
FROM JANUARY 1, 1897, passenger tralus
will run dally, excepting Sunday:
Southbound. - station*. Northbound.
7:2* a m Stockton 6:40 P. m.
9:49 a. x ....Merced ...y..S:I4P M. .
11: tO A m... ....... ..Fre5n0.; 1:10 p.m."
For Intermediate stations see tlme-tisole.
• Connecting steamboats of the UN. « 1. MV
leave San Fran isco at 6 p. m. dally, excepting
Saturday, and Stockton at 6 » K. dally, excepting
' bund ay. : ' '■• - . L " ' ' —
PUT TAJIALPAIS.
Train* connect with North Paoifl«
Coast Railroad.
WEKK DAYS- leaves. F. 9:1"S a. m. l:ih p. k.
Returning— Arrive S. »■". 3:25 p m. 6:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— Leave S.F. Ba. M 11::H0a. M. 1:30 p.m.
Returning— Arrive 5.F.1:16 p. m. 4:20 p.m. 7:35 p.m.
Tickets for sale in Mill Valley or ... ■
TIIO-. IOuK <fc -O.\s, 621 Market st., S. F.
iilU Valley and Mount Tamalpala Bceaic Kauwa/.
910
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Wheat Futures weaker.
Barley somewhat lower.
Oats and Rye very dull.
Corn lower. Beaus weak.
Hay unchanged.
Cracked Corn and Cornmeal lower,
Coffee In light movement.
Potatoes and Onions firm.
Butter weaK. Eggs lower.
Poultry and Game dull.
Limes higher. Oranges inactive-
Provisions unchanged.
Explanation.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top flgurat
at station indicate maximum temperature for the
days; those underneath it, if any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and hundredths,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect, popi s of equal air pressure; Iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "hfeh" means high barometric pressure and
Is usually accompanied by fair weather: -Mow"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather'and rain?.
"Lows" us. ally first appear on the Washington
coast. When the pressure is high in the interior
and low along the cons;, and the isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain is probable:
but when the "low It inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is lmprob
nble. Wlih a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, find
(he pressure falling to the California" coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather In winter. The reverse of these conditions
•111 produce an opposite result.
WEATHER EUREAC REPORT.
United States Department of Agricul
ture. Weather Bureau, .San Francisco. Jan.
38. 1897, 6 p. m.— Weather conditions and general
forecast :
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to data
as compared with those of ihe same date last sea
son and rainfall during the past twenty-four
hours:
Kureka i' 3.32 inches, last season 19.3 J. last 24
hours. oo: Red Biuff 11. 82. last season 9.20. last 24
tours .00: San Francisco 11.14, last season 7.73,
last 24 hours 00; Fresno 4.73. last season 2.03, last
24 hours .00; San Luis üb:spo 9.70, last season
7.82, last '24 hours .oo: Los Angeles 8.40. last sea
son 2.77 last 24 hours .00: (ran Diego 6.52. last sea
son 1.65, last - J4 hours .00: Vuma4. o2, last season
.32, last 24 hours .00.
Saa Francitco data— Maximum temperature 62,
minimum 41, mean 46.
Aiiaieaof hlKh pressure is central over Utah
and Nevada .A u area of low pressure lies over
Washington and Vancouver to-night. The
pressure lias fallen rapidly over Idaho and Eaat
ern Oregon.
The temperature has remained stationary over
the emire country west of the Bocky Mountains.
Heavy rain lias fa'len over Washington and
Oregon.
Snow is falling in Northwestern Washington.
The following maximum wind velocities are re
ported: Fort Canbv 48 miies per hour from the
southeast, Yuma 28 from the north.
Information signal is hoisied at SaD Francisco
to wain northbound vesse.s of heavy weather off
the northeru coost.
Southeast storm signal is hoisted at Eureka.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnight. January 19, 1897:
.\orthern California— Cloudy Tuesday, and
probably rain on the northwestern coast; warmer
in the Sacran-euto Valley: southeasterly winds on
the coast, light northerly winds inland.
Southern Califotnift-^Kair Tuesday, probably
frosts in the morning; light northerly winds.
Nevada— cioudy Tuesday.
Utah— Fair Tuesday.
Arizona — r air Tuesday.
Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Tuesday,
probably without rain; light northerly winds.
Alexander Me a die.
Local Forecast Official.
NEW YOi:K MAKKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 18.-Tbe opening
deals at the Stock Exchange were characterized
by firmness. Trading was on an unusually large
scale, and commission-houses, for the first time In
a month or so. transacted a good share of the
business. Higher cables from London and foreign
purchases of St. Paul added to the bullish feeling.
The great abundance of money, the steady in
crease lv the treasury gold holdings and the mas
nificent trade statement just issued by the Bureau
of Statis ics continued to be the moving causes.
The rise during tbe first hour of trading was equal
to %@2 per cent, Lackawi-.ua, Jersey Central,
Erie first prefened Sugar, .Manhattan and
Grangers leading The demand for stocks abated
during the atterßOon and at the same time the
buyers began to reduce their loans. There was a
decline of Kg,;-, 1.4 per cent, Manhattan leading
with sales as low us 903,4.. Wheeling and Lake
.trie preferred dropped from V±@li4 on light
dealings.
The heaviness of the bituminous coalers Is due
to the unsatisfactory condition or the trade,
which, it Is be ieved, will necessitate heroic action
of the managers of those companies to restore the
business to a paying basis. A meeting of the
roads interested will be held this week and the re
sult of the conference is awaited with no little In
terest h,- Wail street. Sugar jumped to 118 at tbe
opening and later settled back to 116. There
were no new developments in the coffee war, but
the op nion still preva.ls that the light will be car
ried on with vigor for some time to come. In
Rome quarters the afternoon selling was attributed
in part to Kentucky bank failure*. Humors were
also current of embarrassments in uptown busi
ness circles, but the reports could not be con
firmed.
A story which gained currency for a time was to
the effect that there would be no dividend on ;
Nickel Plate first, preferred stock this year. It
was subsequently slated that no action will be
taken on the matter until the latter part of Febru
ary and that all talk on this matter is (he merest
SID. .
The umaba people to meet shortly to declare
a dividend on common. In the opinion of the
street It will be 'd per cent. Speculation closed
weak in tone. Net changes show loses of 14®
1% per cent. Total sales were 301,968 snares.
Including 43,900 -ugar, 42,100 Burlington, 29,300
Si. Paul and 20,700 Reading.
Tiie bond market was active and strong, The
transactions aggregated $30,701,000. Cotton Oil
debenture eights rnsH 1 to 108; Beech Creek first
fours, 3 to 106: Canada Southern second fives. 1 to
107; Chesapeake and Ohio series A, 1v 3 to 120%:
do second consolidated fours. 1 to 88; Colorado
Coal and Iron consolidated sixes, 2 to 100; Kdison
Electric Illuminating of New York consolidated
fives, 1 to 10B: Fort Worth and Denver > liy first
sixes, 1 to 54: Georgia Pacific first 5-6's, 1 to 112;
Houston and 1 exas Central first fives, 2
to 1051/2; Iron Mountain fives, 1% to 75 / i:
Jefferson Railroad first fives, 1 to lots;
Kansas Pacific consolidated fives. 2 to 71: Lake
Shore dividend sevens, 1 10 Ili8i^; Missouri, Kan
sas and Eastern fives, IV'2 to 95: Nashvilie, Chat
tanooga and St. Louis lirsi consolidated fives, 1 to
101 ; Oregon Short Line consolidated fives cer
tificates, 1% to 67: !-cioto Valley and New Eng
land first fours, 1% to 83%: Texas Pacific firsts,
V 3 to 89: Un on Elevated sixes, 1 to 72; Union
I'Hcitic general four and one-half 3, sto 60: Vir
ginia Midland general fives, 1 to 101; Wabash
debenture, series B, 2Vi to 25; Western New
York and Penngviranla firsts, ltol05V ; and
'Standard twine sixes, 13/ to 78.
In Government bonds .tU'.OOO registered fours
of 1925 sold at 1203/, and $10,000 of 1007 at
iiiVi-
Grain.
FLOUR— Market dull and steady. Winter
wheat, low grades, $2 30@'2 25: do fair to fancy,
83 50@4 75: do patents, $4 95@5 15: Minnesota
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WMEELOCK & CO.,
<k Leideadorff St., Tel. Main 1054-
CENTRA 1- OFFICE
623 Market St., Palace Hotel. Tel. Main 6144.
Uptown Office— Baldwin Hotel (adjoining Grill
Room). Tel. Main 339.
PCRDY & ATKINSON Managers.
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo-
tatlocs. Reference Ist National Bank, a F. •■
CHICAGO. PRIVATE WlKit JiBWYOBi'
» clear, $3 50@6: do straights, $4@4 45: do patents
$4 35@5 15: low extras. .s'-' 30(&3 35; city mills,
•t-ifft.i; do patents, $5 2 @5 45; jtiye mixture, $3®
3 70: superfine. $2 20if1»3 10; line, $1 80@2 85.
southern flour quiet, steady. Common to lair ex
tras. $3 30®3 65: good to choice, $3 45@4 05. Kye
flour, dull, steady at $2 85@3 35.
COR.NMKAL-Quiet. Yellow, $1 90(d>2.
RYE— Quiet, firm. Western, 42@44c at track.
HAItLbV- Dull, steadier. Feeding, $8 <-. i. f.
New Yonc.
WHEAT— Spot market dull, easier. No. 2
red, f. o. b., B7V c; ungraded red, 97@98c; No.
1 Northern, 92fi/k .
Options ope in d rirm at Vi@Vfcc advance on bel
ter cables, deer a ed stocks, loreicn buying ami
Watl-jtreet buying, and declined %&lc on local
liquidation, wiui tables easier; railieJ Vs c an<l
closed steady at V4@^* c below Saturday, with
trading moderately active. May and July most
active January. 8»s/ gC ; March, 903/ 8 c; May,
865/ 8 c: July, 863/ c.
CORN — spot uull, weaker. No 2, 283/ic elevator;
28*4 c afloat.
options were more active and weak at Vac de
cline on increased vlsiule, easier cables, de. leased
receipts and fine weather .M ay and July only
traied in. January closed 28y M a • 30y 8 @
30 9-16 c, closing 80y 8 c; July, 3iy @3lViC clos
ing 31i/8 c -
OA It— :-pot dull, mixed firm.
Options quiet, easier. January closed 22c:
February, 2« Vie; May, 22S/ 8 (g)22%c, closing
22*40.
:-'pot prices: No. 2. 22% c: No. 2 while,
24V a c: No. 2 Chicago. 23y a c; No. 3, 203/ic: No.
3 wmte, 22c; mixed Western, 22&24 c; wnite do,
23@30c.
Provisions.
I TV- Quiet: firm. Western steam closed at
$4 25 asked; city, $» 85: January, (4 20: re
fined, doll: Continent. 4 69; & A., $4 80; com
pound, 4l,4@4Vi;C.
rOKK— Firm. New mess. $8 20@9.
lil'Tl'tii— Moderate demand ; fancy, firm.
Western creamery. 13@'2Oc; do factory, 7@>l4c;
Eigins, 20@20Vac; imitation creamery, ll®l4c.
i_MhKS> — Firm. Part skims, 4@B%c; full
skims. 2Vi@3c.
EGGS— Steady. Icehouse quiet, 12y 2 @I3V2C:
Western fresh. 14c; do case, $1 5U@3; limed, 13@
1 3 y 2 c.
TALLOW— Quiet; steady. City, 3%c; country,
i! 3 B®-%C.
i '/i loNSKED OIL— Dull: steady. Crude,
J>o@2oy<»c: yellow prime. 23yaC.
RlCt— Fairly active; firm. Domestic, 3%®6c;
Japan, 4Vi@434c.
JluLasssjiS- Quiet; easy. New Orleans, new,
22@32c <
COFFEE— Quiet: ea«y; 2 to 5 points down.
March. $9 60; May,' *9 55@9 60: July, $9 65©
9 70; September, $» 6fi@9 70; December, 49 7C@
9 75. Spot Rio dull, nominal: No. 7, 10c.
SUGAR-Quiet; steady. Off A. 3%<i4 l-16c;
mold A, 4S /8 c; standard A, 45/ 8 confectioners'
A, 4 Vic: cut loaf, sc: crushed. sc; powdered,
4%c; granulated, 43 c; cubes, 4%c.
Fruit and Produce.
A FRICOTP— Bags. 9(<£llc.
1 if A cms— Peeled, boxes, 2 @lsc: do an
pee:e.i, bags. 7@9c
PRUNES— our sizes, nominal, Bygc.
BAJSINS— Two-crown. loose mv catel. 4^c ft
Hi; S-crown, 6V2C: 4-crown. 6Vic; London layers,
$1 40<g*l 5.0; dusters. $1 66(32.
A MONDS- Soft shells, S@9y 2 c; do paper shell,
ll@l2c.
WALNUTS— Standard. 7c: soft shell. 9c.
HOPS— Firm. Pacific Coast, 3%@13c.
WOOL— Quiet. Domestic fleece, 16£23 c; pulled,
18@31c; Texas, 7@l2c.
Merchandise.
FIGIRON-Quiet. American, Sll®l6.
COPPER— Steady. Lake. $11 85@12.
LEAD-Strong. Domestic *3 07y 2 10.
"UN— Higher: strong. Straits, «12 50@13:
plates, quiet.
SPELTER— DuII. Domestic, ?3 8504.
CHICAGO MAKKKTS,
CHICAGO, It!,. Jan. 18.— The business in tne
wheat market was slow to-day, and a very slight
advance was gained by her bulls or bean,
simply because the trade was too light to make
much of an lmpresUon on prices. Liverpool again
showed disinclination to sympathize with Ameri
can markets, cables quoting but Vi'l advance,
whereas we made */± Of a ceut improvement on
Satnrday. The world's shlpmen s were light at
4,600,000 bushels. Liverpool stocks decreased
37,000 bushes. Receipts in the Northwest were
fair at 313 curs, against 361 last Monday and 652
a year ago. Chicago received 25 curs and In
spected 119,387 cusheis.
The amount on ocean passage decreased 720,000
bushels. This was adecrease in the visible supply
of 1,413.000 bushels Closing Paris cables were
higher, Berlin lower and Antwerp unchanged. The
feeling became weak as the session progressed,
prices fa ling away about, a cent from the opening.
Export cleara ces amounted to 181,932 bushels
The English visible supply increased 371.000
bushels. May wheat opened trom 81Vic to 80% c,
dec ined to 80y B e, where it closed, s/gc under
Saturday. Es imated cars for to-morrow not
given. No. 2, red, spot wheat, ranged Irom 87y 8 c
to 89y 8 c closing about 87s/ 8 c to 88VsC.
COKN— A f<tiny good business was transacted
in corn during the first hour of the session, but '
the effort at activity seemed to exhaust the trade
and a lifeless appearance was again noted. Liver
pool cables were unchanged. Receipts were SSI
cars. There were no withdrawals from store.
The amount on ocean passage increased 640,000
bushels- The tone of the market was firm early.
Later the fee Ing altered in sympathy with wheat,
prices receding. The visible supply increased
996.000 bushels. Exports amounted to 292.095
Dushels. In erior offerings of corn are reported
on the increase May corn opened at 24%'<9
24% c; declined to 24 Vic closing at 24Vi@21s/ gC ,
s.g'a.V 2 c under Saturuay. Estimated receipts
not given.
OATS— Were firm early and easy la'er, the mo
tive for this being the action of wheat. Receipts
were 227 cars, and 45,782 bushels were with
drawn from store. The visible supply decreased 1
600,000 bushels. Exports were 6100 bushels, j
May oats closed i/ 3 c under Saturday. Estimated
receipts lor to-morrow not given.
FLAX— Was easy. Cash No. 1, 75@75yaC nomi
nal; Northwestern. 77Vi@78c; May, 78Vi(g)78y 2 c.
lit ceipta were 42 cars.
PROVISIONS— AIthough the receipts of hegs 1
were heavy this morning they were nevertheless
short of anticipations. The prices at me yards
under the circumstances opened steady, later ad
vancing. Product was affected by toe informa
tion, lard, however, not showing much sympathy.
This was due to the large world's stock of that
commodity. At the close May pork was 2Va(<sSc 1
b ghtr, May lard a shade higher and May ribs 5c
higher.
BUTTER— W«s firm to-day, the colder weather
serving to stimulate the demand while receipts
were I. enter
Creameries— Extras, 19y 3 c asked: first*, 17@18c;
seconds, 6c: imitations, fancy, l.i@l4c. Dairies
—Extras. 17c asked: firsts. 14(#15c: seconds. 93
10c. Ladles-Extras, 10(£llc: arsis, BY 2 a c;
packing hoc it be; grease, 2 2 @3c: roil buitur, 10c.
EGGs — Were nrm; cooler weather was reported
as responsible for the improvement. Fresh
stock, 13c %i dozen.
MONEY— Was quoted at 5@6% on call and time
j loans. New lor* exchange was sola at 50c
discount.
Closing Prices.
WHEAT— January, 773 / ic; May. 80y 8 c; July,
76c.
CORN— January, 22y 8 c; May, 24i4<£243/ July
253 c.
OATfe— January, 15% ci May, 18Vl@183/ 8 c;
July. 18%©] 8% •
PORn — laiiUury, $7 87V«; May, $8 07V<>-
LARD— January. «3 97V2: May, $4 121/3".
January, 84 12%; May, *4 17y 3 .
Livestock.
UNION STOCKY A 111. Jan. 18.-The
demand for cattle to-day was good. The supply
was fair. Choice kinds were firm, but o her sorts
were only steady. Notwithstanding a heavy run
of hois, the feeling was strong. Packers were lib
eral buyers, which accounted for the strength.
Sheep «nd lambs were in active demand , and
stronger.
CATTLE— Receipts 16.000. iancy beeves. $5 25
&6 50: choice to prime steer*, $4 80@5 20; good to
choice steers. $4 40@4 75: medium steers. $4 00@
4 35; fair beef steers, $3f>u@3 95 : good to prime
stockers ana feeders, .13 75(®4 15: fair to good
stocker3 and feeders. 83 10@3 70: bulls, choice to
extra, $3 50@3 85. do, poor to choice. $2 15@3 . 0;
cows and heifers, choice to prime, $3 60(g»4 10;
cows, fair to choice, $2 50(u>3 50: cows, common
to fair canntrs, $1 75@2 45; calves, gooa to fancy,
$5 60@6 1/0; calves, common to good. S3 5U@5 4a:
Texas ted steer*. $3 su®4 50: milkers and spring
ers, 1* head, $25040.
HoGS-Heceipis, 32,000. Heavy packing and
shipping lots, $3 25@3 4" 2 ; common to choice
mixed, 83 30&3 50; Choice assorted, $3 40@
3 50; light, $3 SOt&ii 50: pigs, $3 iO@3 50.
BHKJ-.P— Receipts. 15,000. Infer ior to choice
12 50@3 80; lambs, $4 50®5 25.
% Receipts at Omaha.
FOUTIt OMAHA. Nebr.. Jan. 18 HOGS— Re
ceipts, 1900. Market opened weak, closed firm.
Light and mixed, S3 2 5 (So 35; heavy, $3 16(3(3 25.
CATTLE— Receipts. 190 J. Market, steady to
weak. Steers. 83 6004 25; cows, SI 60@J 50;
feeders, $:^@4 10.
bHiiEP-Recelpts, 1100, all to killers.
Receipts at Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. Jan. 18 HOGB—Re
ceipts, 9000. Market fairly steady. Light. $3 15
tg>332V a ; medium, $3 20@3 35; heavy, 83 00&
3 30.
CATTLE— Receipts of cattle, 11,000. Native
steers, $3®4 95: cowd and heifers. 83® 1 60;
bulls. $1 90©3 60; stockers and feeders. «2 50©
4 15. '
bHKEP- Receipts. 3000. Steady. Lamos, S3 60
@4 90; mutton*, 82@3 t>o. \
NEW YORK. STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Shares.
Money on call easy at V2®2%: last loan »t TViX
and closed at I%^. Prime mercantile paper,
3(33 Sterling exchange easier, with actual busi
ness in banners ' bills «i S4 85@4 8614 for 60
days «nd «4 b7Vi:@4 »7 ,i for demand. Posted
rates. *4 85V*©4 bo%. Commercial bills, «4 «ay 2
@4 fc4V*. Bar silver, 64» / 4c. Mexican dollars,
Hi.4c:)li,4|C. Government oonds firm: State bonds
dull: railroad bonds a tive and strong. Silver at
the board was quiet.
CLOAINO STOCKS.
Am Tel A Cable... 88 • North American... 1714
Atchtson 14% Northern Pacific 4%
Preferred 246/ 8 Preferred.... 13%
Adams Express. ..l6o Northwestern 34 y 8
Alton, Tene Haute 54 Preferred 104
American ExpresslOHVj N V Central..; 163Va
American l'obacco 77V± N V, ChlcaßO&St L 94iA
Preferred 106 , Ist preferred 12
Bay State Ua5..... l.V* 2d preferred 05
Baltimore «fc Ohio.. 15V* X V <fe N H 28
BrunswlcK Lands. -y2 N ■* Now Eng...116
Buffalo, Koch &P. 18 iN V Hcsq&W.... 45
Canada Paclflc 6t> I Preferred.. 9U,
Canada Southern.. 45 V. Ontario . . . . 25 Vi
Canton Land 60% Ontario & Western 10 Vi
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 19, 1897.
Central Pacific 133/4. Orezonlruprovmnt 15i/ 8
ches & Ohio 173^ Prete-red — —
Chicago Alton 165 Oregon Navigation—
Prelerred 174 Oregon Short Line. 15
Chiraao, B &Q.... 75% i'neinc Mail 17 -
Chicago & E 111.... 40 I»eori3. D <fc Evans 2r>94
Preferred 90 jPittsbur,' & W Dfd. 2Vi
Chicago Gas.. 78y 8 Pullman Palace.... 169
Cleve<fc PlttsDurg.l66 Quicksilver 2
Consolidation Coal. »« i Preferred liy a
Consolidated 0a5..1445/ ]Readlng "27y 3
CC (J & st Louis... HloGrande&Westn 12
Preferred 73V 2 1 referred 40
Colo Fuel & Irca.. 26 j Rock Island 68%
Prelerred 70 IRomeWat<feOzden.ll7Va
Cotton Oil Cert.... 1414' St L & W. 4y a
Commercial Cable. 155 Preferred Hi/4
DelHiidson HlVi «t Paul 763 /8
Del Lack&Westrn. 166 | Preferred i3iy±
Denver * KG 12 St Paul <fe Duluth.. 23
Preferred 431^1 Preferred 85
Distillers St Paul|& Omaha.. 503^
General Electric... 34 I Preferred 134
Erie 15 St V M & M 112
Preferred 34 Silver Certificates. 64%
Fort Wayne 166 Southern Pacific. 15y 4
Great Northern Dfdll9 Southern Rb. 9 3 '4.
lireen Bay i Preferred 29y 8
Harlem 292 Sugar Hennery 116
Hocking Coal_ ny 8 ! Preferred 103
Hock Valley... 16 V JTenn Coal & Iron.. i' 9%
Homestake 35 I Preferred VI)
HA Texas Central i Texas Pacific 9%
Illinois Central.... 933/4 Tol A A& N Mich.
lowa Central. 8 Tol Ohio & Central 20
Preferred 27 i Preferred 60
Kansas ik Texas... 14 |Tol st Louis &X 0 6y 3
Preferred 31 ' Preferred 15
Kingston & Perm.. 6 | Union Pacific 7
Lake Erie & Westn IK Ui' Den &Gulf.... 2
Prelerred 68 U » Cordage ~""
Lake Snore 154 | I'referred •
National Lead 26 Guarair -it
Preferred b9V4 U S Exur^ss 37
Long Island 60 Leather. 9V4
Louisville & Nash. 61Vi Preferred 6-- /+
Louisville, N Aiouy V* U S Rubber 24Va
Preferred iy* Preferred 75
Manhattan C0n.... 90% Utica & B River. ..lso
Memphis & Charts Wab S L «fc Pacific. 7y 8
Mexican Central... 16 Preferred 16%
Michigan Central.. 8 Wells-Fargo. 97
Minn & L 95 Western Union.... 80
Preferred — Wisconsin Central. 2
Minn <fc St L com.. Wheeling & L X... 2y
Ist preferred 18y» Preferred 10
2dDreferred 18 Am Cotton Oil pfd. 663/g
Missouri Pacific... 47 W U Beef 63 /4
Mobile* Ohio 28% Ann Arbor 10 a /i
Nashville A (.'hntt. 82 Preferred 26
National Linseed.. 67 W, Brooklyn Traction. 19
NJ Central 1 4 1,2' Erie 2d pfd IHVi
Norfolk <t Westrn. 102 ~i American Spirits . 13»/i
Preferred 11 14) Preferred 30
CLOSING BONDS.
Ala Class A 4*... .104 1/4 Northern Pac lsts.H4y 3
Do Clas* B 4, 65. 103 Do 2d«.
Alabama, class C. 95 Do Sds. bO3 /8
Atchison 4s 8 V* Do consoles 6t>V a
Do2dsA 46 Or lmprovmnt Ist. 90Vi
Canada South 2d5. 107 I Do 63 20
Cen Pac of '9s. O RAN lsts. 110%
Cherokee 4s. 1896.103Va Do cons 5s
Do 1897 lOaVj Or Short Line 65.. .113%
DOIB9B 1031.,! Doconsol 5s .... 663,*
Do 1899 Pacific 6so( '97....
Ches <fc Ohio 55. .. aO9V 8 Phila>fc Reading 4s 813/ i
Ch<tNPTr Rets 5s 43%) Do Ist pfd in com. 47y
D 0 3-665. IOBX/4 X Grande West 74
Den &KG Ist 11l St L&lronMtGenss 76%
Do «s 89 St Li S FGen 65..110 Vi
Erie 2ds 6434 st Paul Consols 130V 2
FtW&DenClty lsts 64 Ist PCit Pa lsta ..115y 2
t> H&8 A6s 104 SO Carolina 4y25...102y
Do 2d 96 [Southern X R as. .. 903 /4
Gen Elec Deb 55... 9'Ji^, Do Pac Cai 15t5. .107
H A Tex Cent 55.. .106 V-iTenn new 3s 77%
Do con 6s. 10iyo|Te«as Pac lsts 89
lowa Central lsts.. t>6J,i lexas Pac 2d5... . 22%
Kansas Pa Consols 71 Union Pac lsts 98.10M1/4
KsPalstsDenDivll4 US 4s reg of 1925.121
La Cousol 4s. 95 Do 4s, coupon 121
Missouri funding... C S 4s reg of 1907.111
MKT-Jds 62Vi Do-is, coupon. ...lliVa
Do4s 84 1 Do 2s P534
Mobile A Ohio 45.. 67% Do ss. Reg 112%
Mutual Union 6a.. 110 Do 6s. coupon 114%
N J Cent Gen ss. ..11 614 Va funding deot... 62
X YCiSt Louis 45104 Do registered
Nor <fc West Gen 6sll7Vi 1 Do deferred 65... 5
N Carolina con 4s. 100 Do trust rcptstpd 6
Do 6s 122 Wabash Ist 6s 107 Vi
NorthwestConsols.l4l West bhore ia lUeVa
lH>a«t> Ca 109
FOREIGN 31AKKETS,
WHEAT IN LIVERPOOL.
■LIVERPOOL, Em, Jan. 18.— The spot market
Is quiet at 7s lV&d. Cargoes are dull at 365, sellers,
prompt shipment.
FUTURES.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations lor No. 2 Red Winter: Jan
uary, 6s 4 d: February. 6s 9:>4d; Match, 63
lOVid; May, 6s 10y a d.
BKCURITIES.
LONDON, Eko., Jan. 18— Consols, 1128' 8 ; sil
ver, 29 11-16 d; French Rentes, 102f 30c.
EXCHANGK AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days. — $4 85Vi
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88Vi
Sterling Cables — 4 HBB/i
New York l-.xchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 17* 2
Fine silver, per ounce — 643
Mexican Dollars 63 62Vj
PRODUCE MAfiKET.
WHEAT AND OTIIKU GRAINS.
WHEAT— The Bacchus takes for Cork 40,856
ctls, vain a at $54,000; Manchester, for Hull, 70,
--759 ctls at $109,645.
Futures were weaker. Spot prices were un
changed. Quoted at $1 35@1 60 for common grades,
?1 52y 2 @l &5 f>. ctl for average No. 1, fl 57y 2 for
choice and 91 60@l 65 fl ctl for extra choice
milling, latter figure being the asking price.
CALL HOARD BALKS.
Ini-of:mat, Session— 9:ls o'clock— May— 2000
Ctls, $1 555/ 8 .
bVCOVD SESSION— Mav-2000 CtlS, $1 651,4:
4000. $1 65; 2000. *1 54%: -000, $1 548/*.
Rksi'i.aii Morning mission— May— l:ooo ctls.
$1 543/ 8 ; 2000, $1 54V4; 14,000, $1 54: 8000,
$1641,8 . aooo, si 58%; 12,000, $153%; fcooo,
$1 53»/i ; 8000, *1 63^.
AFTKRNOON session— May— 2ooo ctls, $1 64;
10.100. $1 0414; 18,000, $1 54V 8 December
-2000, $1 293/4; 8000, $1 a9Va-
BARLEY— shipment of 30,712 ctls Brewing,
valued at $33,71*. to Hull.
Both spot and future prices were off. We quote
Feed, HO(&,S2y a C; choice orlghl, 8334(g.85c: Brew
ing, »o@wVi»c; .No. 1 Chevalier. $1 10©l 20 f* Ctl.
CALI> BOARD SALES.
Informal Suasion— 9:ls o'clock— May— 4ooo
ctls. B.c
sxcoirs Session'— May— 2ooo ct s, 843/ic; 2000,
K4%c: 6100, 84 y 2 c; 4000, 843 /B e.
1 Kefi.AK SIOKSI.VO -KBSlo.S— May— 2ooo ctls,
»4c; »OUO, 8:-6/ . ■: 6000, »i>S/ 8 c; 4000, 83l^c.
Afteekoos Session — December — 2000 ctls,
80c.
OATS— Nothing new. Trade dull. Fancy Feed,
$) 46. Common to gooa White range $1 10(31 35,
according to quality. Black. for feed, 95c@81 10;
for seed, 81 20@l 30; Gray, noniina ; Red, $1 07V2
@1 12y ? ; surprise. $1 6t.@l 60 t* ctl.
CORN — Otter Ings continue altogether too large
for t:ie demand and still lower prices are quo:ed.
Large Yeliow, 75fi$77 1 /i»c fy ctl; Small Round do,
90095 c; White, 76@80c %i ctl.
RYE— Flat and neglected at 901395 c%i ctL
BUCKWHEAT— Quoti-d at 81 Is@l 23 ■$ ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Tho China steamer S-a'.urday took out
9665 obis. Net cash prices are as follows: Family
extras. $3@5 10: Bakers' extras, $4 90(a)5; Super
fine, 84 1 b@4 50 i* obi.
CORNMKAL, ETC.— Feed Corn, $17 50@18;
Cracked Corn. $18 50@19 IS ton.
MlLLSTUt">S— Prices in sneks are as follows,
usu I discount to the trade: Graham Flour, $2 85
¥ 100 tt,s; Kye Flour, $2 75 ft 100 tb<: Rice Flour,
SB 76: Corumeai. 82 35: extra cream do, 83:
1 atmeal, 83 60; Oat Groats. 84; Hominy, *.*3 10
@3 30: Buckwheat Hour, 83 2a@3&o: Cracked
Wheat, S3 60; Farina, $4; Whole Wheat Flour
83; Rolled Oats (bold), 86 60@5 90; Pearl Barley,
$3 7E@4; Split Pens, 83 50; Green do, $4 25 %
100 lbs.
HAY ANU FKEUSTUFFS.
Prices snow no change whatever.
BRAN— sl3(dll3 50 for l he best and $12@12 50
ton for outside brands.
MIDDLINGS— for lower grades and
20@20 50 1* ton for the best. ;
STUFFS— Rolled Barley, $19 bo@2o-
Oilcake Meal at the mli., $26 60 V ton; joobing
$27 60: clipped fats, $1 4u(^l 50 * < ti.
HA V— Wheat, $>-@ll; Wheat, and Oat, $7®
10: Oat, $6®J: Banoy. $7@B 50; River Bar.ey\
$5©6 50; Alfalfa, $6@7 bo; compressed, $6w)
9 60; stock, *s(n ti: ( I. ver, W(&H « tun.
STRAW— 3O(g»aOc ® bale.
BEAMS AND SEEDS.
Beans are very dull and the tendency is toward
still lower prices.
BEANS— Bayos, $1 40@l 55 ~$ ctl; Small
Whiten, $1 16<d>l 30 ctl; Large Whites, * I@l ls
ctl; Pinks, $1 06@l 20: Reds, SI 10@l 20: Black
eve, $1 1(j@1 20: Red Kidney. $2 50: Llma3, $ 1 60
(ft) 80; Butters, $1 26@1 50; Pea, *1 16@1 So.
SKEDS— Brown Mustard, $2 75ff113: Yellow Mus
tard, $1 0O«»21O 9 oil; Flax, $1 »s@l 40- Canary
Se»d, la^ftj-.i^c ~ir Ib; Alfalfa, 614 c; Rape. 2Va@
VS B /ic; Hemp, 3c; Timothy, 4VaC
URlhi) PKAS-NUes, *I@l 15 1* ctl; Green
«1 40@l 60 %i ctL _^
POTATOES, UNIONS, VEGETABLES.
Onions are still higher P.iver Burbanks are up
again. Vegetables are dull.
POTATOES— New Potatoes, 3@4c $* Ib; Sweet
Potatoes, $1 25@1 75: Early Rose, 70(d;75c; Hiver
Herts, 5(/(<!,t!Uc; Bnrbank bcediines. 70@75c t* ctl
for Kivera and 70c<&$1 for baiiuas; Oregon Bur
banks. — .
ONIONS- $ctl.
VEGETABLE.-*— Hothouse Cucumbers. 50c@$l
y, dozen: Hothouse Asnara.-us, B@l7v!|C* tb: Rhu
barb, %*■ box; ' Los Angeles bummer Squash,
76c@$l $ box; Los Angeles Gret-n Peppers, ..5@
60c %* box: mushrooms. B@lsc Ib, lat er fig
ure; lor buttons; Marrowfat (-quash. $5 "$ ton;
Los Angeles Tomatoes, 75c@*l %i box; Dried
Peppers, 7@Bc * Ib; Green Peas, 4@tic * Ib: Los
Augel<s String Hcans, 6@loc; Dried Okra,»@9c^
Ib: Cubb.ge, 40@50c %< ctl; Carrots, 25@a00 . %t
sack; Garlic, li/a@2c %* Ib.
BI'TTKK, CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTEp— The situation remains unchanged,
but the market Is very weak.
Ckeamkky— Fancy near-by Creameries. 'Jo@
21c; some specials bring more; seconds. 18<»19c;
iancy Huinboidt, 23@24c i» Ib.
DAJRY^Fancy, 16@17c: good to choice, 13®
1,1 c; lower grades, lO(g»12c * fo.
PICKIiED— I3@I4C T< tb.
Firkin— K-'fai. 4c $ It..
Creamery Tui»-lti<g!lßc pi Ib.
, ». lir. Eat— Choice mild new, ll@HVic V ">:
common to good old, B.'<tloc %* lr>; Cream i-hed
d»r, ll@12c; Youn? America, ll@12c; Western,
liy 2 @12V2«: Eastern. 13@14%c %< Ib. .
EUUS- There was quite a break in ranch Kzgs
yesterday. Ranch F.srs, 22%@25c: store Eggs, 19
@21c; Eastern, if @-jOe V- i "' / ~
POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY — Nominal— None in of any conse
quence.
Live Turkeys, 12@13c IS Ib for Gobblers. 12U;®
14c 'is Ib for Hens; Dressed Turkeys, 14@15c H ft>:
Geese. $» pair, $1 fto@; 75; Ducks, $s(<£« SO %* doz;
Hens, $3 50<&5; Roosters, younu. *4 60g,4 75: do,
old, $4@4 25: Fryers, $3 75<a»4 25: Broilers. $4
for large and $2 60@3 50 for small; Pigeons, $1 75
5* doz lor young and $1 26 for old.
UAMK— It is no longer lawful to sell Quail and
Ducks. English -nipe are quotable at $'- 50
¥ dozen: Jack Snipe, $I@l t>o t* dozen: Hare,
$1: Rabbits, $150 for Cottontails and $I@l 25
for small; Gray Geese, $£@2 50; White Geese, $1;
Brant, $125@1 SU; Honkers $3 50@>4.
DKCIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 75r@tl 9 box for choice, $1 10@l 25 for
fancy Red, 3&@65c for common; Eastern, $I@3
V bbl. • . .;.: ; <,7
Pears, 86®75c ?» box. i
Persiu mons. 3i:@6sc $ box. '
BERRIES—
Eastern Cranberries. *6@B $ bbl.
CITRUS FRUlTS— Oranges continue very dull.
Limes are higher. Grape Fruit, $2 60@3 60 9 Dx:
Mandarin Oranges. 60@8&c; Navel Oranges. $1 50
@2 6') irt box; Seedlings, 75c@$l 25: Lemons.
75c@$l 50 for common and $2@2 50 for good to
choice; Mexican .Limes, $7 %* box; California
Limes, $1 '25@1 60; Bananas, $I@2 # bunch; Pine
apples, $2@4 f* doz.
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS—
Quotations oa the Fruit Exchange are nominally
as follows :
v'aki.oai) Lots— Apricots are quotable at 6@9e
for hoyals and Iiy 2 @l2c for choice to fancy
Moorparks: Prunes, 3y»c for the 4 sizes. Peaches,
4(a,5V 2 e for prime to choice, 6yj@7c tor fancy and
9(a»Joc tor peeled in boxes; Apples. 6%:? lb fir
evaporated and J^^i/aC for sun-dried; Pears, 2%
®5c for prime to choice, 4@sV?c for quarters and
6@6y.jC for halves; Plums, 4c for pitted ana iy 2 c
for unpitted; Nectarines, 3y 2 @4Vac for choice mid
&y 2 c for fancy; Wulte Figs, 3c; Black Figs, 214
@2y 2 c.
Jobbing Prices— Peaches, 4y2@sJAc «» Ib;
fancy. 6y 2 2 c $ lb; peeled. 12y 2 c $ lb. Apri
cots, 6y 2 (g)9c %i Ib: Jaucy, 10c; Moorparks. ~i'i@
13c; evaporated Apples, 5%c; sun-dried, 2%@3c;
Prunes, 3%@4c for the 4 sizes; Figs, black, 3c for
impressed an 3@3y 2 c for pressed: white Figs, 4c:
Plums, 4%(£scfor pitted and l^c for unpitted;
Nectarines, 4<g,6c %i Ib for prime to fancy; Pears,
2Vz@sc for whole, 4y a @sy 2 c for quarters and
4y 2 rdi6i/jC for halves.
KAISINS— - 'X-
Carload Pricks — Four- crown, loose, 5s/ 8 c;
three-crown, 43/ 8 c Ib; two-crown, 3% c *t* a;
seedless sultanas, 2 c; seedless Muscatels, 4S/ 8 c;
three-crown London layers, $1 15; clusters, $1 60;
Dehesa clusters, $2 60; Imperial clusters, $3;
dried Grapes, 3c ia Ib.
Jobbing Prices— San Francisco— Four-crown,
loose, 5%c; 3-crown, 48^0; 2-crown, 33,4 c: seed
less Sultanas, 6%c; stertless Muscatels, 4yac;
3-crown London lav-ers, $1 25; clusters, $1 60;
Uehesa clusters, $2 76: imperial clusters, (3 26.
NUTS— Chestnuts quotable at 8(4)1 Walnuts,
6y 3 (s7c "$ Ib for standard and 9@9y 2 c Ib for
soitshell; Almocds, 6®6yjc fur Lauguedoc, 3@
3y 2 c for hardshell and »«9c ip Ib for paper-shell;
Peanuts. 4@6c f> Ib for 1- astern ana 4c for Cali
fornia; Hickory Nuts, s@tic '?. Ib; Pecans, 7yg@
8c Ib; Filberts, 7y 2 @Bc; Brazil Nuts, 7%@Bc;
Cocoauuts, f4@s Q 100.
HONEY— Comb, 10@12%c for bright and 6@9c
for lower grades: waitr-whlte extracted, 6^5%c;
light amber extracted 4ys@4%c; dark amber,
4<a4%c: dark. 2@Bc * lb.
Bti!.bWAX-23@'. > 6c * Ib.
PKOVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 6c ? Ib for heavy, 7c
V- lb for light medium, 9y.sc for light, 10c $ Ib for
extra light and ll%c «4 Ib for su?ar-curad. East
ern sugar-cured Hams, 12%@13c: California
Hams, lie V !b: Mess Beet, $7(g»7 50: extra
mess do. SS(aiH 50: family do, $9 60@10; extra
primo Pork, »7 50 @ 8; extra cleari $16 * bbi ;
mess. $14 •$ bbl; Smoked Beet. 10c V Ib.
LARD— Eastern, tierce?. Is quoted at 6%c for
compound and 6@6%c for pure: palls, 7c: Calii
fornia tierces, 5@5%c »i Ib for compound and 6V4C
for pure: half-bbls, 6 ;j ic; 10- Ib tins, 7 Vie; do, &-tb.
7%c %> Ib.
COT TOLENE— 6@6V4c In tierces aud 73 / i@Sy c
in 10-lb tins.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell lc
under sound stock. Heavy salted steers. 7y 2 @Bc:
medium, 6y 3 @7c; light, 5y 2 @6c; Cowhides, 6y 2
c; sailed Kip, 4%@65c: sailed Calf, 7(s»bc; Baited
Veal, 6@7c: dry Hides. 12@13c V lb : culls and
brands, 9@loc: dry Kip and Veal,99ioc: dry Calf,
15c; culls, 10c; Goatskins, -' (fl.:i.'> • each: Kids,
6c; Deerskins, good summer, '2U(g.-bc ~i\ tb: me
dium, 15@JOc; winter, 7@9c; bheepsklns, shear
lings, ]U(<slsc each; short wool, 25@35ceach; me
dium. 30@i5ceacn; long wools. 40@6Uc each.
TaLI.OW— No. 1, rendered, 3<g,3i,4c; No. 2,
2 Vic: refined, sc; (Crease, 2c %< tb.
WOOL— We quote Kail Wool: HumboMl ana
Mendocino, B@9c: free northern, 7@B%c: mid
die counties, free, 5%@7c: do, defective, 4y 2 @tic:
Kan Joaquin, 3@sc: no, foothill, 6@7c: Eastern
Oregon spring, 7y 2 @9c: Valley Oregon, 10%®
12c; do, fall and lambs', 10(»llc
HOl's- 6SSC for lair to choice and 9@loc f> Ib
for fancy.
UEXERAL MKKCHANDISE.
BAGS-Calcutta Grain Bags, spot, 4*4 c; June-
July delivery, 4%c: Wool Ba?s, 24Vs@2tiy a c.
COAL-Welllni{ton, $S ft ton: New Wellington,
B%i ton; Sou thUeld Wellington, $7 50 t». ton;
Seattle, #5 50: Bryant. 85 50: Coos Bay. $4 75;
Wallsend,96 60; scotch. : Brymbo, ; Cum
berland, $13 60 in bulk and $15 In sacks; Penn
sylvania, Anthracite Egg, *ll(iil2 %i ton; Welsh
anthracite. $H@10: Cannel, $8 V ton; Rock
Spring-", ( astle (iate and Pleasant Valley, *7 60;
Coke, JllwlJ in bulk and $13 '$ ton In sks.
COfcFKE— E. Blckfori's circular says: "The
arrival of the steamers Newpori and Colon on the
9th and 10th lnst. with 3502 bags Coffee, mostly
new crop, gave the bails for some activity during
the past week. Nearly all Hi.- finer qualities of
washed Guatemala* and Mexicans arriving were
placed at 20V4@'-iy 2 c for good to fancy, princl-
I ally for shipment overland. Locally the move
ment has teen light, owing to the dull condition of
trade generally, although the narrow assortment
of stock in first hands tends also to restrict busi
ness. To-day's stock consists of 85 Nicaragua,
801 Salvador, 223»> Guatemala and 86 Mexican —
In all H2OB bugs, against 6864 bags same time last
year." Wequde:
< osta Rica— l 9y 3 @2oy a c nom. for good to
prime; 17V:>(g)19o nom. for good mixed wltn black
beans: 16®1 Tc nom. for fair; 12@l5Vgc nom. lor
common 10 ordinary.
Salvador— 18@19c for good to prime washed:
17i/4<g)l7%cfor ialr washed; 19@20c tor good to
prime washed peaberry. 17i^@17s,ic for superior
unwashed: lie for go d unwashed; lSiy 2 @l9cfor
good to prime, unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican - 2 c $Ib for
prime 10 sirlc.ly prime washed new crop; "JOVi
(m'M<s\t for go' dto sirlctly good washed .v crop;
lflV2@ Oc >< Ib for fair washed new crop;
18y 3 «tl9c for good washed old crop: 16@18yiC
lor fair washed old crop; lH@lsc for medium
old crop: ll@l3c f* lb for ordinary old crop; 831
l(l%c tor interior to common old crop: 19 1 /a@2oi/ a c
for good to prime washed peaberry oid crop;
IBV2(<U9c for good to prime unwashed peaberry
old crop.
st'UAK— The Western Sugar Refining Company
quote-), terms net cash: Cube and Crushed, 6y 2 c;
Powdered, 6c; Fine Crushed, sJ^c; Dry Granu
lated, 43/gc: Confectioners' A, 48/gc: Magnolia A,
4c; Extra (', 3y 8 c: Golden C, 38/ic; half barrels
14c more than barrels, and boxed 1/3 C more.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows:
BEKF— First quality, 6y,@7c; second, s@6c;
third do, 4@sc %* ft).
VEAL— Large, 6(#7c; small. 7@Bo Tfr tb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 6%@7c; Ewes, b"@6Vic
$ It).
LAMB— Spring, 12y 2 @l6c; yearlings, 7@Sc «i
tt>.
PORK— Live Hogs, :-;i4@33/ a c 1? Ib for Urge and
medium and 3Vi@33/ 8 tor small; dressed do, 4Vi
(a 5 14 cf* lb. , ■ -
RJKCtIPT, OF PRODUCE.
• . FOR 24 HOURS.
Flour, qrsks... 14,791) Hay. ions .- 591
Oregon 6 12 Butter. ctl«..._ 1.8
Meal. e115...... 124,4891 Chees* cUj......
Farley, ct15. ....'. 3,095 Kkc*. "OS *.' "0
Corn, ctls V 5 Hides, no 348
Eastern 800 Pelts, bd15. ...... 2.630
Oats, ctls 215 Wine, calg „ 82 800
Eastern 4*6 Sugar, bbls...«. 2,255
Rye, ct15. ........ 390 Leather, r0115.... 46
Beans. Hies „ 1,330 Lumber. M tax.. 10
Potatoes, slcs.... 1.860 Lime, bbls 187
Onions, ■«..._ 2 0 Raisins, boxes . 600
Bran, nks  2.H90 Quicksilver, flsKi ' 134
Middlings, him... 6iO
THE STOCK MARKET.
Stocks were considerably higheryesterJay,espe
cially on the morning session. Con. Cal. <fc Va. sell
seiling np to fl Bft, Cnollar to $1 30, Ophirto
$1 40. Best A Belcher to Bfic, and so on. Business
w»s lively in Hesl & Belcher, Choi lar, Con. Cal.
<fc Va. and Crown Point.
The market .subsequently weakened and was
lower all around in the afternoon. The close was
very wealt at a further declin6.
The Gould (ft Curry assessment falls delinquent
in ottue to-nay.
Eureka Con. is assessed 25p.
The Berkeley Electric Light Company has de
clared its first quarterly dividend, payable on the
25th.
Thp Bank of Wat«onvllle has declared its semi
annual dividend at the rate of 8 per cent per
annum.
The Main-street Savings Bank. Los Angeles, de
clared 5 per cent on term deposits and S per cent
on ore i nary deposits.
Rpcent dividends have been paid ai follows:
The Market-.-iireet Kailway Company, a quar
terly dividend 016 c on the llih.
The Marin County Water Company, a quarterly
dividend of 75c on the 11th.
The Natoma Vineyard Company, its second
monthly dividend of 6c on the 11th.
The Gas Consumers' Association, the usual divi
dend of 16c on tbe 15th.
The Oakland Gas Company, 25c on the 16th.
Tin- Nairn ton. Quicksilver Mining Company
paid a diviJend of $10,000 on the econd for the
last quarter of 1896.
The mini al meeting of the Fireman's Fund'ln
surance and Pacific Auxiliary Fire Alarm compa
nies will be held to-day
Weekiy reports from the mines are ts follows:
Consolidated California and Virginia 1000 level —
From west crosscut 2. starred at a point in the
north drift 550 fen north from the Consolidated
Virginia shmt sta ion, or 85 'eet south from the
north boundary line of the mine, a' a po nt 4i>6
feet from its mouth from the donb'e comnart
ment upraise 86 feet above the sil< floor of this
level, iho west crosscut has been extended 10
feet, passing through poruuvry and clay; total
leng:i> 160 feeu From tbe wrst crosscut at a
point 124 feet in from the oprais- a south drift
has beeu started and advanced 15 feet, passing
ihrough Clay. i orphyry and quartz, of low as-ay
va.ue. 1650 level— We are r.pfclring an i easiug
limbers on the ninth floor sou.h drift. 1750
level— From tbe twenty-sixth floor the west drift
has been extended 10 feet through '-orphyry and
quartz assaying low; total length '200 feet. From
ihe tenth, eleventh and sixieenth floor' on east
side— above ihe si'l floor of this level— at the
north end of the stopes in old ground of formes
workinj.B, we have extracted 18 toosofore: the
average ussay value, per samples taken from the
cars in the mine, was *32 16 per ton. From the
west drift at h point 190 feet in from its mouth a
north drift has been advanced 20 feet, passing
through porphyry, clay and quartz assaying $3
and f4 per ton; total lengih 20 feet. Opposite
ttie nortii drift a south drift has been advanced 20
feet, passing through purphyry. clay and streaks
or q .artz assaying $3 to $6 p?r ton. On ihe
tweu y-fifth, floor the east crosscut has been
s.art.d and advanced 6 feet through porphyry:
total leiutli 104 feet. From the east crosscut at
a point 50 feet in from its mouth a south drift has
been advanced 17 feet through porphyry a °d
clay. We continue filling open space In the stopes
between the eighteenth and twenty-sixth floors
with fine rock. The otal extraction of ore for the
week amounted to 18 tons: the average assay,
from samples taken from cars when raised to the
surface, was $34 per ton.
In the Ophir mine, on the 1000 tevel, west, cross
cut 2 is In 310 feet: the face is in porphyry,
clay and lines of quartz. In the old Central tun
nel workings of the opuir, from the si 1 floor from
the west crosscut from the Mexican snaft, at a
point 132 feet in from its mouth from the south
drift 50 feet in from its mouth, an upraise has been
started and carried up Ib feet through old slope
wo kings, assaying from $5 to $10 per ton.
In the Hale and Norcross mine, on the 900-foot
level, in No. 1 upraise, they have advanced the
south drift from the south cud of the sixth floor 6
feet: total length 30 feet. The ore streak con
tinues aliout the same in stren.tli and value. In
No. 2 upraise they have finished raising to the
ninth floor and started north on the ore. On the
975 level the water pipe from the stopes having
become choked, they took it up and cleaned it
out, and have put it back, and have also made
necessary repairs throughout the mine. Ex
tracted 7 carloadE of pay ore, assaying $19 in gold
and 32 ounces of silver per ton.
Reports from the other mines are unimportant.
I.UAI.H v.It,ES.
Following were the sales In the San Francisco
Stock Hoard yesterday :
RKGULAK MORNING SESSION, COMMENCING 9:30.
200 Andes 16 60 C0nn"... .1.30 400 savage. ..29
200 17 60«) Kxchr.-.. 0(3 400 28
100 B*icner.._s3 200 UA. C 53 50 Scorpion.. o3
400 62900 65 300 Seg 8e1. ...12
350 61 200 64 MA) a Nt 65
800 BAB 80]90J H<5N;..1.45 1600 68
600 7& 1f.03 MezlcanbO 00 Union C...55
300 8;- 300 61 -00 63
10J Challge.. .sß 400 0ccU1.._..17 200 64
600 Ch0ir. ...1.2f> 750 0ph1r...1.:-i. . 200 -....62
600 l.Sl) 250 1.4' 1000 Ut»n....07
950 CC&V...1.8. ,'ooOvrmn....lM 00 X J»Ci«-.42
300 l.bt 103 F0t0a1_...7 200 ~.4l
100 C P0int. ...44 iOO ..7.« >50 4.0
200 4b
AFTERNOON SESSION— 2 :30.
100 AJPhu 16100 C0nn....J.20«00 0phir...1.15
300 A1t«.....«08 3uo C Point 38]200 0vrmn....16
250 Andes 161000 U<fcC SOjlOlt Potosi 65
400 Belcher ...so 400 H&N.. 1.3011000 Bav*ge..2B
200 B<fcß 76|56J Mcx 5! 400 A Nev....f i
1200 75U50 61100 Uni0n.. ..46
200 Chllnge...6< 200 N O & C..45 200 45
1150C'h11ar...95 400 60 iOO Utah 05
160 96d00 0cctdt1....16 20U IJWKM..J7
100CC&V..1.6&1
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
BKOIT.AR SESSION'— IO:3O.
6*>o Alphu CC<feV.. 1.66 90U 0ph1r...1.20
3700 A1ta.....1" -'00 1.6U 400 1.17%
60J Andes 16200 lourt.. .1 200 I.lb
6U'J BelcDer...s 2000 C 1mp.,.02 ttiJU 0Trmn....19
40!) IW 2000 03 1400 18
300 Si. 1000 C NY.,.0. 700 17
500 4b 10U CrwaPt..4s *0> Jfotost 75
200 BAB 76 6JO 44 300 74
700 1200 4 1200 72
400 79(500 40 300 71
200 »UO 39 2400 70
600 - 600 Kxchqr...<>€ 300 68
1000 &- 1200 U<fcO. ..6618)' b»va«e..3l
200 »: j 1000 65 4900 30
900 84 100 „ 64 500 -29
700 86 1600 6b 500 scorpion. .OH
37i»tl • ulliOD.-OT 400 62 200 58<fc&1....12
4UoCaleda....l) 200 6) 400 8Kev.....66
30U 1ua115e...&71100 H<fcN-1.4£ -500 66
200 65 100 ....1.4C 00 63
600 5: -200 IS/goOOBtIHUI. —Ol
leOJ Cb01r..1. 21 500 Julia Ob iOO 02
700 1.15 300 us' ice... 400 5tnrd...1.60
500 iy 200 ........05800 Union. 53
100 I.lk i! 800 K«>ntck..o6i4oo 52
600 1.05 1500 L Wash 01 800 50
200 1.02% 100 Mxlc 56500 46
300 1.00 -'300 65,1400 Utah. ...07
200 ..98 500 51300 06
50 i CCV....1.85 300 ..528Ui» V JCKI...-42
bOO 1.80 400 OCOd 20,800 41
1200 1.77% 300 19 600 40
3000 18/1 f40a0ph1r.. 1.30 600 39
300 1.721* 1000 1.261200 86
3600 1.70500 1.22% l
ArTKR.NOOS SESSION— 2:3O.
SOn Alpha 15|700 Ch011ar.. ..98,20 J Mexcn....62
-00 Alt* OmoO 96lviUJ 0ccidt:....17
200 Andes. ...16!l50 CC*VI.67V2 80 J ODhlr. .1.15
HOO 8«1cn«r...47 S' 0 1.7 c 100 1-17%
900 -62 100 1.72Vj 1400 oTrmn..i6
300 61 50 Conn 1.22J, a 50J Potoil 66
40J B*B. 77 500 Con Im.-.OL' 30J bayage.. .29
600 78,500 OS 200 80
80U }'.a1110ii....0t (0;i C P01nu..371-'OO 88& M...12
200 Caleda.. 1J 200 Exch(jr...oelsoU bi\«v 52
300 ChaUge. ..6l|ißoo U AC... 50 200 61
1800 5.' 850 61 100btnrd...1.50
i!(W 67 .31 30l> Uu10n....47
200 68 li>J li^>l.32Vj2oJ UjUi 06
200 601100 Justice. ..o4Jsoo 05
20U 54 Uou Kentnck..os]6oJ VJO*i...S6
.'OO es'sOO Mexican M 6ll
closure quotations.
MONDAY, Jan. 18- 4 r M .
jW.AHif<t.\ ■ * Btrt.At'Ci.
AIP«»CVW 16 17JolI» „ - 06
Ait» 18 09[Jnstlc«L 05 t>6
Andes. ' 16 17 Kentucfc...^. 04 ■ <:5
Belcher 60 62 Lady Wash.... — 12
Best <t BeloUec 76 7? Mexican....... Dl 52
Benton C0n.... 06 — | Nevada QneM. —■•■l/4
Bullion - UU 07: Occidental. .... 15 18
Caledonia. 11 12 Ophir..... 1.15 1.20
Cbollar 96 97 Overman... ... 16 '17
C0n.Ca1&Va...1.65 I.76:l'oiosL 66 68
Challenge Cox 64 S.'. savage..., 29 30
Con. Imperial. 02 13 scorpion _ 03 05
Confidence.... 1.20 I.2s;seg. Belcher... 10 12
Con New — 03 silver Hilt 01 12
Cruwu PolnL.. 37 39 sierra Nevada. 51 6vs
KastHierraNev — 14 -staadard....... — 1.56
hurekaCoa... — 25 syndicate. .... 02 It
Exchequer .... 06 (7 UnlouCou.,... 45 47
oouiaiK curry. 49 60 Utah.... 04 (16
JU Adorers. LI'S 1.35 1 «uuw j«CJk«> 37 48
b'lOCJi. A.\l> BOND EXCHANGE.
MOM AY. Jan 18- 2 r ie
rKTT«!> BTATB» bonus.
firt »*"'. I V."/-' 1 > Bill. ■ A ike A.
V S «s conp.llOi^llls/8 U hi 4s re?. ..lotf HOVa
Do new issuel2uVa — I ' , -r'-J'
MISCKLUANfcotT* t>ovw.
Cal-stCbleßs.HO — Oak Gas 63.. — 104
Cal Elec L 6sl2H — Do «'d Is 65. . . 108 —
CntraCWss I l '-"-/a 66 Omnibus a3..H9-"' / ;i2oi / i
Dpnt-stex-cp - 8714 P&O Ky 6s. ' — 11
KdsnL<6P6sl27i/i' 6s. — 104
F&CH KR 6slUsVslO6 |Pwl-st RR 6*1121^117
Gearv-stRSsIOO — |Reno,WL<fel4 — 105
H»is 6 Vis. 103 — fcactoP<fcL. - 100
LosAngL6i - 100 SF&NPRS<.. 9SS/ 8 9^34
Do Un teed 63 — 101 SPRRArIzSs 90 95
Mkt-stCble6sl2ol/ 3 — bPRRCaI 6s. 110 -
DoßyCon 6s.lu6V4lo6y 2^PßKlalss. — 100
Nat Vines Ist — 100 -PBrßCal6s. 963/ _
NevC.Ngß7s.loo — SVWater«ss.llßS/ 119
Ry Cal 65.100% —'. |:-V\Ya!er4». 100 100%
>" Ry Cal 6s. - 95 |StktnG.£Eaj — 102
•W4TKH KTOCK*
Contra Costa 351,4 3tU/ 2 i.-;prng Valley 68 £B Vi
MurluCa.... - 52 |
6ASA.NO EIjKCTRIC STOCKS.
Capital. - Sa Pac >as Imp — 921/4
Central 95 — Pacific Light 48 4'JU
Edison L1«h1127 127% San Francsoo 98Va 8884
M Elec Llghs 9y a 95/ 8 -jiockton — ' ... «0 -
Oak G L <fc H 63% 64V4 ■
, - INSURANCE STOCK*
Flreman'sFdl76Va — |Sun ..... _ — 
COMMKIWIAt, BANK STOCKS .
Anglo-Cal 60 — First Nationl — 184 .
Ban* of Ca1.. 2*8 244 London 7 Vi —
CalßD<tTColo7 IOBV3 Merch Ex.. .. 14 —
RAVINGS BANK STOCK*. ,
Ceis.tLCo.. —1600 Sav&loan.. — . 106
lltiinbSAL.lloo — Security 250 800
Mutual 33 — Union Trust. Bo .860
! SI say Union — 490
STRKItr ha ll, Road XTOOKI.
California.... 107 1/.13 2 lOak SL&Hay — 100
Uearyst - .60 Presidio — 6»4
Marlcet-51.... 43 U *3Vz\ ■
* roWIJKK STOCK*.
AtlantlcD... 16 17 GlantCoa.... 29% 29%
California.... 76 — IVlgoriL — 9Uc
Eastern D.... 80 85 | v
" MISCELLANEOUS STOCK
Alaska Pkrs. 100 100 V 8 Nat VI Co.. - ju*
UerLeadCo. BO 100 iceanlcSSOo 36% 28
HawC&SCo.. "17V* '8 Pac Anx b* A - . .4
Huubsl'Lo '-5Vi 'i^h PacßoraxCa 95 — '
MerExAssn.. — 110' JFarf PaiatCo — : 7 r.
BAI-ES— HOK.M-N'l I>«AJIJ».
Poarfl—
65 Edison Light & Power C 0...... 127 «0
10 do do : 126 87Vj
20 Giant. Powder Con ....'.. 2« 75
\ 6 do do .'.;.-.;■.:. ..'.... a 9 62Vi
25 Hutchlnson 5PCa. ...;.;........ ~_ - -!5 25
5J Market-st Rallwav. „ . - 43 00 .
$2000 Marker-st Ry Con 6% Bonds 106 25
6 Oakland Ga5...... ...;.. ............... 64 00
.'6 ■- V Water.... : »>8 12V»
?'.'' 00 BF4SP Railway 80nd5. ....... 98 60
Mrwt — '■■■ - : ' -■ ■ . '■< ' ■ ■'.' ■"• '-■'
25 Hawaiian Commercial...... 17 37i£
105 8FGM11gtU.. .'.....-....■ - S8 60
SALICS— ArTIBXDU.V BKSIi:)..
Jtourd —
6 Contra Costa Water ". 35 00
26 Gmnt Powder Con. 29 60
30 Mnrket-st Kauwav 43 S7V<»
$8000 Market-s: Xv Con 6% Bond* 10j 25
150 Mutual I lectric Light V 50
20 Oakland Gas 63 75
$9000 Omnibus Cable Bonds I*o 00
20 8 F Gaslight..... *8 5'J
Hrfpi
-25 Hutchinson 3 P Co. -. 25 25
60 Market-st Railway, s 3 43 00
60SVWater.. »8 \i*h
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
I John F. and Catherine O'Rourke to Ellen
| O'Kourke, lot on S line of Pine street. 144:11 E of
Van .Ness avenue, E 23:5-b» - S 120: $5.
Victor R. and Ida S. Ulman to Leopold ell, lot
on 8 line of Clay street, 131 Wof Scott. \V 25 by
S 127:814: $10.
Tessie 1. Shipman (Jennings), Jolla A. Witt
land (Jennings). Josephine L. Smith {Jennings).
Beatrice K. and John D. Jennings to Julia T. Jen
nings, lot on E line of Baker street. 70 Sof Val
lejo. S 69, E to \V line of Louis P. sage, tt tosh
corner of lot of Charles Hopps, W to beginning:
gift. ■ : •
Charles H. and Tlllie G. Kinsrsley to Robsrt D.
Cranston, lot on N line or Page street. 50 E of
Ashbury, E25 by 82:6; $10.
Carl D. and Libby A. Salfleld to John J. Crone,
lot on X line of Grove street, 106:3 E of rstauyan,
E 50 by N 1.'5; $10.
George Geittier to Cathe and Matthias Steln
metz. lo' on E line of York street, 118 N of Twen
ty-flrst, N 25 by B 100; $1660.
Jeremiah Murphy Jr. to Daniel Keardon, lot on
8 line of Twenty-fourth street, 90 E of Florida
(Columbia), E 28 by S 100; $10.
William and Annie M. Linden to David H.
isiritsall, lot on NW corner of Twenty-fourth and
Vickßburg streets. N 85 by \V 26: $10.
Joseph J. and Ann Lewis to MatlU a M. JEwart,
lot on SK corner of Noe and Valley streets, N
20:6 by E 105: $10.
Frame p. and Grace I. Madison to George Whit
tell, lot on X line of Sto.'kton street, 68:6 X of
Geary, N 17:6 by E 70; $10.
Annie C. Hanseo, William Bowden. Jacob E.
and Cathe C. Jensen and John Schmidt (b/ It. 1.
Whelan. Sheriff) to Marquette M. Reed, lot on N
line of Haven street, 183:4 W of Leavenworth, W
22:11 by N 68:9; $56.
Marquette M. Reed to Alfred G. Gross, all inter
est in tame; $!0.
Peter Jonensen to rnge M. Jorgensen, lot on 8
line of Pine street, 171:10 Wof Hyde, W 34:4 V a
by 9 137:6: gift.
George H. Hahn and Rosa S. uarron (Hahn) to
Katharina Hahn, undivided 2-6 of lot on .\ W line
of Mission street. 48:9*SW of Jane (or 333:9 SW
of Second). SW 51:3 by NW 60; $10.
Lizzie Measor to William and Charles Betz, lot
on IS \V line of Clementina street, 500 SW of
Fifth, BW 25 by NW 75: $10.
Fernando ana Julia A. Nelson to Michael G.
Ott. lot on E line of Vermont street, 160 N of
Twenty-fifth (Yolo), N 25 by E 100; $10.
Horace 6. Seaton to Mary E. Seatou, lot on SB
line of B street and Twenty-first avenue, E 10 7:6,
S 100, E 132:6, S 60, W 120, S 26, W 120, N 175;
SlO.
Charles McCarthy to Henry Gibbons Jr., lot 4,
block 14, Lakeview; $10.
Sunnyside Land company and California Title
Insurance and Trust Company to B. C. C. Kng
ben, re-record 1567, deed 1, lots 14 and 15, block
10, sunnyside: $10.
R. P. Hammond to N. H. Harris, lot on S lino of
Belgrave avenue, 171:3 E of £tanyan, E 25 by 8
100. lot 14, block 8, subdivision 1, Clarendon
Heights; $10.
. Ann Flynn to Edward McTiernan, lot on E cor
ner of Thirtieth avenue and G (or (<uadalonpe)
street, SE 76 by NX 100, portion block 533. Bay
Mew Homestead Association; $10.
Louise A. Littleton to Mary M. Littleton, lot on
S line of Montana Htreet, 165 E of Orizaba, E 26
by 8 125, portion block R, Railroad Homestead
Association; $10
William H. and Henrietta E. Wright to John L.
McLaugblin. lot on li line of Chenery street.
493:3y 8 N of Miguel. N 25:2, E 102:7%, S 25, W
105:4y ; $10.
ALAMKDA COUNTY.
W. W. and Etta P. Washburn to Florence Moore,
I lot on W line of Adeline street, 60 S of Twelfth, 8
I 65, W 138:3, N 115, E 10. s 60, E 128 to begin
ning. Oakland: $10.
Annie K. Baroteau to Antonio Ghirardelli, lot on
N line of West Third street, oB E of FilD'-rt, E 41
by N 94, being portion of lots 7 and 8, block 481,
Adeline and Market Street Homestead, Oakland;
$10.
Robert and Amelia Andrews to Antonio I.
Lopes, lot on XX 1 ne of East Sixteenth street,
112:6 SE of Eighteenth avenue, HE 37:6 by NX
140, being the E half of lot 5 and all of lot 6, block
34, Mn Antonio, East Oakland; $10.
Maurice Woodhamsto Irene B. Wooahams, lot
on SE corner Suiter and Vicente streets. E 259.04,
100, W 210, N to beginning, being lots 97 and
' 98, and portion Of lot 99, block D, Vicente Peralta
1 Reservation Tract. Oakland Township; gift.
Theodore and Ida Wagner to Louise F. Dnnand.
I lot on NE corner of Eunice and Pine streets, X
134:6 by N 50, being portion of Tuohy's addition
to Berkeley, Oakland Township: $10, etc.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to Stephen
T. Gage, lot 165, in plat 14, Mountain View cem
etery, Oakland Township: $341.
George yon Hti.ll tried to Helen yon Stillfried, lot
on X line of Johnson avenue, 427:5 W of Court
street, W 27 by >' 130, being a portion of lot 12,
Johnson Tract, Alameda; gift.
O. Pearl Logan to Unity J. Lo^an, undivided half
Interest In lot 19, block A, Blake Tract Map 1,
Berkeley; $ . iiffi'llffi
Unity J. Logan to O. Pearl Logan, undivided hal I
of same, Berkeley; gift.
F. K. Whitcomb (administrator of the estate of
J. B. Whltcomb) to Frederick Hoffmann and Ja
cob Sleg, undivided half Interest In lot 31, block
12, Amended Map of Central Park, Alcatraz and
Newbury stations, Berkeley: $260.
Christopher C. Webb (by attorney) to same,
undivided half same, Berkeley: $10.
Mary A. Mallineto Jessie 8. Stride, lot 10, re
subdivision of block 34, Warner Tract, Brooklyn
Township: $10.
Henry Z. and Sarah M. Jones to John Grleser.
lot on bW line of Allen da'e avenue, 50 NW of
over street, NW 60 by toW 100, being lots 6 ana
( 6, block 8, Allendale Tract, Brooklyn Township;
*iO.
A. C. St. and Anna F. de Vargas to A. C. Jr. and
Mary C. Vargas, undivided half of lot N. block 22,
town of San Leandro, Eden Township: $10.
A. Sheakley (executor of the estate of Alexan
der sheakl>-y) to G. A. Scott, all interest in lot on
8 line of Thirty-second street, 161.58 W of Tele
graph avenue, W 25 y S 140, being the W half of
lot 6, block 2036, Rowland Tract; also lot on 6
line of Thirty-second street, 183.68 W of Tele
traph avenue, W 50 by 8 120, bein,; lot 7, block
I 2036, same, Oakland : $1526.
J. N. and Susan Brensel (by commissioner) toB.
Fernandez, lot on N line of Twenty-seven or
Park street, 165 W of West, W 25 by N 100, being
lot 29. mock 2025, Whltcher Tract Map 2, Oak
land: $1000.
Adam and Mary J. Follrath to Oaklan l Build
ing and Loan Association, lot on SW line of East
Eleventh s reet, 75 sr of Twenty-seventh ave
nue, SE 1:5 by SW 100, being lot 4, bloiK M,
Knowles and Potter subdivision, Kennedy tract.
East Oakland; $10. -X's- . ; •
Francis J. and Del C Woodward to Harriette
', H. Chamber; lot 30 anl NE 25 feet of lot 29,
{ block C. Fella Vista Park. East Oakland; *5
> Christina K. and Joseph H. Bogle to Ma.-gie
I Fowden (wife of Frank), lot on E line of Wheeler
I street, 350 N of Prince, N 100 by E 11:5, being
lots 25 and 28, block A, Woolsey Tract, Oakland
Township; $950. . : . ..
Builders' Contracts.
I Pan Francisco Gaslight Conmany with Peterson,
i Schump & Co., cabinet worK, etc.. In building on
8 side of Post, street. 115:4 W of Powell, Clinton
Day architect: $3133.
same with San Francisco Novelty and Plating
Works, metal works, etc., In same building, same
architect; $1128. _ _ ■
Wax came into use ior candles in the
twelfth century, and wax candies were
esteemed a luxury in 1300, being but little
used.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
January, 1897.
W.
©New Moon.
W Jan. 2.
4
«
9
3 First. <J
Jan.
13
I 16
11
14
21
fS\ Full Moon.
30 Jan. 18.
17
33
29
f7*\ Last Quarter.
Jan. 25.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
r>at«« of Depurturfi From Sun Kranelnen.
BTKAHKB | DKSTZNATIOK. |
SAIIJS.
| PI KB.
Arcata......
Homer
Walla Walla
C0r0na......
Mexico.
Czarina
Farallon
Eureka
Colombia. ..
Rio Janeiro.
Queen
Umatllla....
Orizaba
Coos Bay- . .
A Blanc hard
Australia.
Htnr*nf Oaf;
Coos .Say j
Coos Bay :
Vie * Pgt Sno
Hnmboldtßat
San D1ec0....
Coos Hay
! Yaaulna Bar.
| Newport ......
I Portland ......
j China & JapaD
I *an l>le?o. . . ..
Vie & Pgt Snd
I Mexic0........
j Newport .
j Oregon ports..
Honolulu-..
I Pnpf.nl
| Jan 19. .Oam I Pier 1J
Jan 19. spu ' Pier 13
Jan 19. 9am Pier 9
I Jan 20. Urn pier i.
inn U(t Haji Pier 11
lan 21, 6pm pier 8
Jan 21. Bam Pier '2
Jan '22. 9am i Pier 11
Jan 2.1.10 am I PI»"J I
Jan 28. Ipm PM9 8
! Jan -■; 1 laii I"-.- I I
Jan 24. 9am Pier 9
Jan V! 4. 10am Pier 11
Jan 26. Pam Pier 11
I Jan 26. spm: Pier
Jan '20. 10am Pier 7
1 lon 2K 1< am PIT 2*
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
|
H0mer.......... Coos 8ay..........
Corona. ........ Hnmbold: Bay.
C1e0ne... ....... Crescent City
Czarina......... Coos Bay.: ..
Korelca. Newport... ....
rmatiila. ...... Victoria & Pubod Sound
Columbia ...... Portland.
Australia....... Honolulu
Mackinaw...... iacoma -
Truclcee Tlllamoolc Bay
Alllaacß.. Coos Bay
Pr0gre50. ....... Seattle .. •
Qaeeu .;........ San Diego
San Juan.....;. I Panama..
Ailceßlancnard I Portland......
Crescent City... I Crescent City ............
Coos Bay ...... Newport ...*... :
0ae11c. .......... 'China and Japan
City Puebla.'... ! Victoria & i'anvl bound
State of Ca1.... | P0rUnna....... ..........
Arcata .....:. Coos Bay
Del .None 'frays H»r00r.. .........
8nn0i... ......... Grays Harb0r..........;
Mexico -an Dlpgo ;.....'..:.-..:.
..Jan 18
..Jan 19
..Jan 19
..Jan 19
..Jan 20
..Jan 20
.Jan 20
u.Jan 21
Jan 21
..Jan 21
..Jan 22
..Jan 22
. .Jan 22
..Jan 23
I ..Jan 24
..Jan .'24
I -Jan 24
•..Jan 24
..Jan 25
I. Jan 25
| ..Jan 25
..Jan 25
I . Jan SB
. . 'an '.'6
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United Statks Coast and Okodktic Survey
tlmks and hkiokts of hlqh and low
Watkbs at Fobt Point, Entrance to
San Francisco . Bay. Published by Offi
cial Authority of 1 THK SITPKRINTENDENT-
Note— high and low waters occur at the
City Front (Mission-street Wharf) about twenty
five miuu os later than at Fort Poiut; the height
of tide is th* sume a: both places. .
January— lß97. J
Tin s lav. Januar/ 19. '
*nnrts«* 7.3*1 Moon rlsmi.... 6.24 Pit
.Pun s»t« . 5 19 Moon «>m. ..
I " lm ! | Feet | »2» ! Fen ! "E^l j Feet j 'El^l I Feet
g H >* I. W H t 1. W
*U ll&i 4.5 &.s:>i 29 i 1.61 0.0 l «..V/|-0.4
21 1.41 4.7 1 6.4*! 2.5 12.43 4.7 7.15 0.1
221 2.1:1 4.8 7.47 if. I 1.42 44 8.00 0.7
23 2.44 4.9 H. 47 1.7 j 2.46 4.0 8.47 1.3
24 • 3.22 5.0 9.50 I.X 4.00 3.6 935 1.9
26 1 4.05 5.2 11.00 0.8 5.35 3.3 10 Via 2.3
26 4.55 5.3 12.14 0.3 7.01 3.1 11.24 30
Not«— Tn the above exposition of the tides tha
•any morning tldt-s are given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the d»y in tht
order of occurrence tn to time. The second tlm«
column elves the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or rlstn
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when tnere are but three tides, as sometlmnj
>ccurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given U subtractiva
from the depth eiven by the charts.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographto
Office located in the Merchants' Exchange is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and free of
expense. •
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets ot charts and sailing
directions of the world are kept on hand tor com
parison and reference, and the latest Information
can always be obtained regarding lights, dangers
to navigation and all matter* or interest to ocean
commerce.
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian, by
telegraphic signal received each day from the
United States Naval Observatory at, Mare Island.
Cal.
A notice stating whether the time ball was
dropped on time, or giving the error, if any. la
published the same day by the afternoon papers,
and by the morning papers the following dar.
W. 8. HUGHEa
Lieutenant. U. 8. N.. In charge.
The Time Ball.
EjuircHHYCKosßAPHioOrram TT. 8. nt.. >
Merchants' Ezcsastsk J-
Ban Francisco. January 18. 1897. )
The time ball on Telegrann Hill wait dronoel
exactly at noon to-day— l. c., at noon of the 120ta
meridian, or exactly M tt if. m.. Greenwich lima.
W. a HUSHKS,
Lieutenant U. 8. N.. In charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Arrive!.
MONDAY, January 18.
Stmr City of Rio de Janeiro, Ward, 30
days 5% hours from Hongkong, via Yokohama
18 days 9 hours ai.d M mm, via Honolulu 7 days
7 hours: pass and mdse, to Pacific Mail Steam
ship Co.
Stmr Mexico, Jepsen. 61 Va hours from San
Diego and way ports; pass and mdse, to Goodall,
PerKlns & Co.
Stmr Bonlta, Reed, 46 hours from Coos Bay,
etc; mdse, to O C <fc N Co.
Cleared.
MONDAY, January 18.
Stmr Walla Walla, Wallace, Victoria ana Por»
Townsend : Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Stmr City of Sydney, Johnston, Panama; Pacific
Mail S S Co.
Sailed.
MONDAY, January 18,
Btnir Crescent City, Allen, crescent City.
Stmr State of California, Green, Astoria.
Ftmr Geo Loomls. Bridirett. Ventura.
Stmr Coos Bay, Hall, Newport and way ports.
BKin Eureka, Paulsei, New Whatcom.
fcchr Nettle Low, Low, Point Revev
Schr Esther Buhne, Anderson, Eureka.
Bcnr Etta B. bourne, Fort Koss.
Bcnz I'-aitKr, Ni--Men. seal and otter hunting, E
side North Pacific Ocean.
Telegraphic
POTNT LOBO* Jan. 19.-10 » if.— Weather
cloudy; wind NE: velocity 10 miles.
|jPS?Sg? Domestic Port».
SAN DlEGO— Arrive! Jan 18— H B M stmr
Pheasant, hence Jan 14; Br bark Ancon, from
Newcastle. NSW.
SEATTLE- Arrived Jan 18— Htmr Signal, from
Portland: Jap stmr TiosbLn Mara, trom Yoko
hama.
Sailed Jan 18— Stmr Progreso, for SaD Fran
cisco.
ASTORIA— HaiIed Jan 18— Stmr Columbia, tor
ban Fran;
EUREKA— Arrived jan 18— Bktn Monitor, bnc
Jan 8.
Arrived out Jan 18— Br bark W'oollahra. from
Honolulu.
Sailed Jan 18-Stmr Corona, for San Francisco.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived Jan 18— Br ship
Kate Thomas, from Rio de Janeiro
bulled Jan 18 --v-hr Baugor. tor San Pedro: brie
Guardian, for Yokohama.
COOS BAY— bailed Jan 18— Stmr Homer, for 1
San Francisco. 1
TATOOSH— Passed out Jan 18— Stmr Umattlla, }
from Victoria, for San Francisco.
USAL— Sailed Jan 18— Sim: Scotia, for San
Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND-Arnved Jan 17- Brig
Courtney Ford, from Tahiti.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Jan JB-Stmr Sunol.
hence Jan IS.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Jau 18-0 S
i itmr Monailuo k, hence Jan 1; Sstmr Uedney.
Foreign "or'i
A CAPULCO— Arrived Jan 17— 8tmr San Juan.'
for San Francisco.
HONOLULU— Arrived Jan 7— Jap stmr Satcura
Maru, from Seattle. Jan B— ship s P Hitchcock,
hence Dec 19; Haw achr Honolulu, from Toco
pill a. Jan 9 — Bark Matilda, from Port Blanc. cv :
Br stmr Monmouthshire, from Portland; barkntn
Amelia, from Port Gamble. Jan 10— Haw stmr
Bo ray, hence Dec 30.
Sailed Jan 8- Jap stmr Shlnshln Maru, for Yo
kohama: Haw bark Andrew Welch, for San Fran
cisco. Jan 9— Jap stmr Sakura Maru, for Yoko
hama.
KaHULUl— Arrived Jan 5-Schr Mary Dodge,
hence Dec I*2.
To sail— Hr stmr Monmouthshire, for Yoko
hama.
ISLE OF WIGHT— Passed Jan 15— ship Loch
Broom, hence Aug 24, for Leitb. .
CORON Sailed Dec 24— Br stmr Condor.
ANTWERP— In port Jan 14— Br ship Lailmer,
for ban Francisco.
Movements of Trans- Atlantic St«»m>»ri-
NEW- VOUK- Sailed Jan 18— 3tmr Dresden for
Bremen.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived out Jan 18-Stmr Kai
ser Wiihelm 11.
BREM A VEN— Arrived out Jan 18-Stmr
Norman die.
ROTTERDAM— SaiIed Jan 18-Stmr Rotterdam
tor New York,
Importation*.
PAN DIEQO— Per Mexico— l keg olives, 39 ski
abaione meat, 47 sks abalone shells, 1 books,
214 bxs oranges, 3 bxs lemons, 1 bdl clothing, 1 os
dr.- goods, Isk beeswax, 1 sk sad lie, 1 box type*
writer, 2 pfcgs marble, 45 csee?s. 8 limes, 1
tx tangerines, 1 cs cigars, 6 pkgs groceries, 1 cs cd
goods, 0 rolls paper, a cs tobacco, 3 cs b powder, 1
lot household goodi.
Newport— 4 pugs mdse, 12 bxs oranges. 8 bblss
potatoes, 3 cs exits.
. Port Los Angeles— ll2 bxs oranges, 8 sks peas. 1
cs hardware, 12 pkgs mdse, 8 cs boots and shoes. 7
bxs tomatoes, & bxs tope, 1 box rollers, 1 Ddl rem
nants. - - -■'. ; \ '
Redondo-833 bxs oranges, 134 bxs lemons, 2 cs
tobacco, 36 sks sweet potatoes, 10 bxs limes, 5 cs
flour, 2 bdls busks, 13 cs tablets. 2 bxs registers. 1
screen, 053 sus barley, 1 Dump, 13 pkgs mdse, 1
bx fillings, 2 sks aUi cement.
| Santa Barbara— l pkg mdse, Ibx oranges, 1 keg
1 olives, 10 bxs tobacco, 1 bx walnuts, 2 bxs butter,
| 1 box wine, 16 sks crawfish, 30 bxs lemons, 1 box .
1 lamp. 1
Port Harford. etc— 27 bdls hides and pelts. 35 cs W
old type, 83 bxs butter. 82 cs eggs, 129 bxs apples. •
401 sks beans, 6 cs cheese. 2 coops chickens, 1 hf»
i bbl tallow. 20 dressed calves. 4 bxs tish, 1 sack dr
fruit, 22 sks popcorn. 523 sheep, 1 coop ducks.
COOS BAY— Per Bonita— 2Bl sks potatoes. 1 sk
coin, Ibx fish. 4 cheese. IS bdls hides and pelts,
2 soars, 32 pkgs green bides, 4 pkgs express.
CHINA AND JAPAN— Per City of Rio de
Janeiro— 9737 pkgs indie, 27.755 bags rice, 1433
cm oil. 643 pkgs tea, 48 Cs curios. 36 pkcs opium.
30 bags sugar, 20 parcels 27 pkgs silk goods, 1155
rolls matting. ' -
Foroverland-426 pkgs raw silk, S3«pk([« mdsa.
135 bags rice. -j-JOti pkgs tea, 17 parcels & pkgs
silk goods, a-j roils matt ng.
For Central and south America— lo6 pkgs mdse,
41 pkgs silk goods, 14 ro Is matting.
t'oniiijtipov
Per Mexico— Gray A Barbteri -.Garcia <fc Msgglni;
OC4X Co; San r- run isco Brewery: Chas T-t7.»-n:
Wetmore Bros; Payot, Upliam A Co: Page A Son;
Hawley Bros; A (ialli Fruit Co: J ivaucovicn <£ (Jo;
Levt Spiegel ACo; C X Whitney ACo ; Hlll» Bros:
Hllmer, Bredboff A Schulz: Erlanger it Oallnger;
McDonough A Kunyon: Wolf A Son: JBPuwull;
Imitou Bros; Pacific TransierCo; DBiagiiCo:
L Scatena & i o: D X Allison & Co : George tl >larr
<fc Co: Newmark & Edwards; L G Sresovlch. A Co:
Campodonico A Malcolm; Amer I res» Assn: Pac
and M. t I Co; Dunham, Carrigan A Co: J a
Allen; American Union Fish Co: Koss* Hewlett;
Dodge, .Sweeney A Co; Marshall A Relm rs: Amer
Tobacco Co; Norton, Teller A Co: Macondray A
Co; Wheaton, Bruon A Co; Dairymen's Union: W
F Klotz; Goodyear Kubber Co; H Klauber; S Ja
cobs: Lsteiner; W H .Adams; O 11 Fuller Desk
Co; Bell <fc Co; HO tireenhood: F R tstewan; J
Van; Oregon Fruit Union: fS H F.merson A. co: F
J Hilth; Fassine A C»llagh.iu; Wation A Co; J T
Connell: J Mayer; A Licutensltin <fc Co: Lecount
Bros; H Kuoen: HHHogan; PitrceACo; JB
Bowie*; Miiiß-.er A Weibanks; LI) Wlndrem; J
Di-rench; Kulluiun, >alz A Co; L, A Woodbuiy:
M O'Brien; Davis. Haber A lo: M IJe A Co: \V H
Morrhou: V Cavagnaro; Uen Electric Co; Labor
Kxcnan c: S trauss A Co: De BernardiA Co; j
H Cain A Co: GetzßrosACo: Witzel A Baker; a
Levy Ai o; F B Haight; H Klrchmann A Co: A
Pollies: B G Ruhl A Co: Wellman. I'ecK A co; A'
Kana; H Dutard: Kowalsky A Co; J B Inguglia- .
Western JMeat Co; Noym.au A Mitnkey; You Kohn'l
Henc.e&L'o; H Heckmau A Co; cuas Jacooso M
A Co; Judsou Fru t Cu. T
PerCio' oi Rio tie Jaueiro- A Schilling A Co- 'J
II Bodi;n A Co. Hi.oper A Jennlaga; Hau< Bros; '
H Matuews: H H B r«er A Co; no, butoml A Co:
ACKobinson; t< Hankin; J Penton ■ ?ua!toonx
Dangiaaa; Demote Bros: Chinese merchants; M i
Brandensletn: J F Langhorue; Older; Purroa «t
Per Bonlta- Marshall. Teggart & Co ; A Faladim :
De Bernardl A Co; Standard Oil Co: oC A Co:
McDonough AKunyon; Thomas Louehran; Wie
land Brewing Co; a H Frank A Co: . W B Sumne*
A Co; Wells, Fargo A Co; Hays & Wright.OAKLAND'S TWO
CONVENTIONS
Republicans Meet, Organize,
Appoint Committees
and Adjourn.
Talcott Made Chairman, Which
Points to the E ection of
Thomas as Mayor.
Populists Elect Hitchcock Chairman,
but Being I 1 He Withdrew and
Gregg Was Chosen.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. IS.— Only two
delegates were absent when Chairman
Fred Campbell called the Republican con
vention to order to-night. After a short
tribute to President-elect McKinley, nom
inations for temporary chairman were de
clared in order.
H. D. Talcott, W. G. Manuel and J. R.
Scupbam were placed in nomination.
The voting was very lively. Talcott and
Manuel ran close, and there was some
surprise that the Seventh Ward should
V.ot have gone solid for Manuel, its vote
/ ig, Manuel 12, Talcott 8. This placed
f , . ott in the lead, and then the Fourth
*Ward withdrew Scupham and swung 21
votes to Talcott. The name of Manuel
ts as withdrawn amid great cheering, and
T&lcott's election was made unanimous.
A. W. Bishop, the secretary without
whom no Republican convention would
be complete, was again appointed to that
position, and a young man named Cotton
was appointed assistant secretary.
Chairman Talcott |tnen announced that
the appointment of committees was in
order, and one member from each ward
was appointed by the delegation.
The committee on credentials named
was— C. W. Kellogg, I. I. Boak, F. M.
Walsh, Dr. H. B. Carleton, J. A. Beckwith,
Y. Kahn, A Kayser.
On permanent organization and order
of business— H. 0. Trow bridge, M. D.
Merrick, E. A. Heron, \V. F. Pierce, C. C.
Lombard, I. H. Henderson, H. L. Nash.
On platform and resolutions— C. BuTk
halter, A. H. Breed, W. G. Manuel, P. E.
Daniels, C. D. Vincent, Dr. W. J. Wilcox,
Victor H. Metcalf.
After tiie recess the committee on ere- !
dentials reported in favor of the delegates j
call«d by the secretary, with a few substi
tutes. The report on permanent organiza
tion and order of business reported the
following:
That the temporary officers be made
permanent; that the order of nominations
be as follows: Mayor, Auditor, Treasurer
and Tax Collector, City Engineer, " City
Attorney, four Councilmen at Large, four
School Directors at Large, five Library
Trustees, ward nominations for Council
rnen, ward nominations for School Direc- j
tors, one City Committeeman from each !
ward.
The committee on platform and reso
lutions chose Walter G. Manuel as chair
man, and when called upon to report he
said that the time allowed them, fifteen j
.minutes, was altogether too sbort in j
which to frame a piatform for the Repub
lican candidates to pledge themselves by
fcftivA asked for iurther time.
As nothing further could be done the
| vention adjourned till to-morrow
at.
The vote for chairman of the convention I
practically settled the vote for Mayor. H. !
D. Talcott, the G. A. R. man, showed that
the convention's cnoice would be for W. i
R. Thomas, and as soon as this was seen
Auditor Snow at once announced that he
was a candidate to succeed himself only,
"as he has always been." As Mr.
Snow had been unable to tell what office
he was seeking before the convention
met the public did not quite understand
what kind of a candidate he "always had
been," but they know now. He will prob
ably be nominated for Auditor, and it
seems certain that W. R. Thomas, the G.
UNCLE JOE DILLON, for Twenty-Five Years City Assessor of
Oakland, Who Died Yesterday.
A. R. candidate for Mayor, will have a
walkover for the nomination.
The Fifth Ward caucused to-ni£?ht and
decided upon Mr. Parcells for a Council
man. The Seventh Ward also caucused
and decided upon Kenneth M. Hayden
for School Director.
THE POPULIST SESSION.
They Don't Want Smoklngr and
Will Act All at Once.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 18.— The Popu
l'st city convention assembled to-night in
Johler <fe Chase Hall. There are only
xty-three delegates, but it did not ap
tar t at lessening toe number increased
the speed of transacting business. C. N.
Hitchcock was elected chairman and
Lewis Barkman and W. H. Chapman sec
retaries.
A resolution was passed forbidding
smoking in the hall, and then committees
were appointed on permanent organiza
tion and order of business and platform
and resolutions. The reports were re
ceived and adopted, except that of •be
committee on platform. They reported
progress and asked for further time, and
were granted till to-morrow night.
At this point Chairman Hitchcock
stated that he was too sick to act another
ni.-ht, and asked the convention to ap
point a successor. Mossrs. Dennison,
Gregory, Preble, Judge Gibson, Barkman
and Hennessey were nominaieC and all de
clined, and finally A. J. Gregg was pre
vailed upon to accept.
A long debate took place on the manner
in which the ballots for nominees should
bd taken. A. A. Dennison advocated the
printing of blank ballots with the list of
officers upon them, for which candidates
were to be nominated. Each delegate will
then write in each space his choice for
each office. By t!iis method all the voting
will bo done at once. After some heated
discussion this method was adopted.
The convention adjourned till to-mor
row nieht.
LETLLR FROM LAMONT.
Webster-Street Bridge to Be Completed
in Fifteen Months.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 18.— The Board
of Supervisors at its meeting to-day re
ceived a communication from Secretary
of "War Lamont relative to the Webster
street bridge. It is as follows:
In response to your letter of the 3d ultimo,
urging for reasons stated tliat the notice ot
alteration of Webster-street bridge in Oakland
harbor be extended to fifteen months from
the end of the ensuing session of the Legisla
ture of California, I beg to inform you that
upon favorable recommendation by the Chief
of Engineers, the time for making the altera
tions in the bridge referred to is hereby ex
tended to June 1, 1898. it being understood
tnat the relief to navigation sought to be ac
complished by the said notice be effected by
that date. Very respectfully,
Daniel s. Lamont,
Secrerary of War.
HONEST IN PUBLIC LIFE.
Death of "Uncle Joe" Dillon
After a Long, Active
Career.
Was Assessor tf the City of Oakland
for Twenty-F ye Years Con
secutively.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Jan. 18. )
"Uncle Joe" Dillon died this morning at
his home on Linden street. Although the
immediate cause of death was paralysis
he has been failing for some time, and his
demise was partly due to old ase.
Joseph M. Dillon held the record for
having served a greater number of years
consecutively in office than any other
man in the State. In 1864 he was elected
City Assessor and the following twenty
four annual conventions nominated him,
and in each case he was re-elected.
In 1559 "Uncle Joe" met his defeat In
thai year the tj rst election waa i eld under
the new charter add Dillon was beaten by
R. W. Snow, who has held the office *»ver
since. After his defeat Dillon was given
a place in the Mint, which he retained till
a few months ago.
Joe Dilion came from New York State,
where he was born seventy-five years ago.
He settled in this county in pioneer
times auu was one of the very best known
men in public life in Oakland. He has
been many years a widower and leaves
two children, Miss Kate, who kept hia
trome on Linden street, and Malachi,
named after his uncle, Malachi Fallon,
who was one of the earliest officials of
San Francisco.
"Uncle Joe" was equally well known for
his open-hearted generosity and his love
of the humorous aide of life. One of his
practical jokes will live for years, although
it occurred more than two decades ago.
In the noon hour two men were noticed
to be fighting desperately on the top of
the Cameron block, now known as the
Athenian Club building. Joe stood on
the City Hall steps calling attention to
the battle, and he very soon succeeded in
gathering a crowd of not less than a
thousand people. The combatants ap
proached very near the railing on the side
of the roof, and to the horror of the crowd
they saw the larger of the two fignters lift
the other from his feet and hurlhim over
the railing to the sidewalk below.
The crowd at once rushed across Four
teenth street to inspect the crushed man,
when they made the discovery that it was
only a very cleverly made dummy. At
this stage of the proceedings "Uncle Joe"
called their attention to the fact that it
was April Fool day.
Joe was a politician and knew how .to
humor a convention. On one occasion,
when several candidates had made
speeches of stupid length to the delegates,
Joe made a record.
"lam a member of a society," he said,
"that has for its object the prevention of
cruelty to animals. I thank you for the
nomination." Joe then retired, and the
relieved "animals" cheered lone and
lustily.
The funeral of the deceased will take
place to-morrow morning from the Church
of Bt. Francis de Sales.
Moffitt for President.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 18.— At a recent
meeting of the Livermore Water and
Power Company, Frank J. Moffitt, by a
majority vote, was elected president The
company has valuable water rights in
Murray Towiiship and is capitalized for
$200,000. •
Roumania is the highest taxed conntry
in the world.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 19, 1897.
THEY EXCHANGE
PRACTICAL IDEAS
Agriculturists Attend the
State Farmers' Institute
at Livermore.
Valentine Alviso Tells of Early
Farming in Pioneer Days
in California.
Professor Connell Believes That a
Farmer's Education Should Begin
at High School.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, )
908 Broadway, Jan. 18. j
The Farmers' Institute, which is being
held under the auspices of the University
Specimen of Tobacco Plant Grown in Alameda County Now on
Exhibition at the State Farmers* Institute at Livermore«
E. G Hahn Has Made a Specialty of Tobacco-Growing;.
of California, convened this morning at
the Masonic Hall in Livermore.
There was a large attendance for the
opening day, and many people from Oak
land and all the surrounding towns were
present.
The hall is very tastily decorated by the
ladies' auxiliary of the Livermore League
of Progress and by the league. Vine and
olive culture, cattle-feeding and creamery
products and many other allied industries
were represented, but perhaps the most
interesting feature was the exhibit of
tobacco culture by E. C. Hahn, who has
spent considerable time in experimenting
with tobacco plants in this county.
E. S. Adams, the well-known agricul
tural writer, opened the proceedings with
a paper in which he showed clearly the
relation of the State University to the
farmer. The various experiments made
at the university and the data which are
there compiled and sent out were touched
upon, and the speaker expressed the
opinion that the farmers did not fully ap
preciate or are not aware of the vast
amount of benefit they can receive by
taking advantage of the university experi
ments. He showed that a very small per
centage of the farmers of the State take
the trouble to place themselves in com
munication with the univeisity, and thus
rob themselves of the resuitant advan-
tages.
A. P. Hayne dealt with resistant vines.
He has spent many years in practical
vine-crowing and spoke with authority of
his experience. According to his data,
there is a great deal of loss incurred by
growers because they do not attach suffi
cient importance to the scientific feature
of their business. He stated that it is not
sufficient to put vines in the ground and
to expect them to grow and produce fine
grapes unless the conditions of soil and
climate and the nature of the vines are
studied and care is taken to protect tljem
from the ravages of insects and weather.
The culture of olives was the theme of
J. M. Doty's paper. Mr. Doty is one of
the best known olive - growers in the
county, and he handled the ■subject in an
interesting and practical manner and con
vinced the audience that his conclusions
were a result oi useful experience.
Valentine Alviso, the beat known
pioneer rancher in Livermore Valley, read
a paper which was largely historical and
which dealt with some reminiscences of
early farming in California. His refer
ences to the hardships encountered in
early days and to the difficulty of trans
portation were somewhat of a surprise to
the younger generation of farmers pres
ent. Mr. Alviso is at present owner of a
large ranch which be has cultivated for
forty years, and his treatment of the sub
ject of the development of farming in this
country was very valuable and no doubt
suggestive of much that will be put in
practice by others.
Professor J. W. Connell of the Liver
more High School spoke on his favorite
subject of the relation of agriculture to the
high school. The professor nas taught
for years that the training for a practical
farmer should commence in the high
school, and that lads whose future makes
it practically certain that they will be
come agriculturists should lay the founda
tion of a practical knowledge of farming
as early in life as possible. He enlarged
upon this subject, and in earnest language
convinced his audience of the truth of his
remarks.
Professor M. E. Jaffa gave an interest
ing account of the result gained by ex
periments at the State Agricultural Sta
tion with cattle-feeding. H:s paper wa^
eminently practical and it is very evident
that the professor had thoroughly mas
tered his subject.
To-morrow Professor Jaffa will open the
institute with a talk upon California
creamery butter. E. C. Hahn will illus
trate with a large number of specimens
the results of experimental tobacco cul
ture. H. P. Mohr will read a paper on
horse-breeding. J. A. Filcher will discuss
foreign markets. Mrs. W. W. Cunningham
will speak on her favorite subject of home
markets and State Highway Commis
sioner Marsden Manson will close with a
talk on good roads.
No Need to Have Resigned.
OAKLAND, Cax., Jan. 18.— D. Edward
Collins nas been placed in the position of
resi nine: from an office to which he was
never appointed. A few days ago the di
rectors of the Board of Trade, Merchants'
Exchange and Good Roads Association
met and decided upon three names to sub
mit to the Governor to appoint as park
commissioners for this city. A wrong re
port was given out, and as soon as Mr.
Collins saw his name in the newspapers
he declined to act on account of his large
business interests, which require ail his
attention. It now transpires that Mr.
Collins was not one of the three, and that
the names were N. W. Spaulding, Robert
M. Fitzgerald and John A. Britton.
PFOR GREATER OAKLAND.
Linda Vista Terrace Now Wants to Be
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 18.— "Greater
Oakland" is daily becoming a more pop
ular idea. The following circular is being
distributed about Linda Vista Terrace and
the surrounding country :
As there seems to be a growing sentiment in
Piedmont district in favor oi tne formation of
a sanitary district or of annexatlort to the city
of Oakland, and as either proposition is of
direct interest-to every resident and property
owner of said district arrangements have been
rnnde lor a. meeting of the above named resi
dents and properry-owners to be held at the
Piedmont schooihouse on Friday evening,
January 22, 1897, r.t-8 o'clock, for the purpose
of discussing tlie subjects of sanitation, an
nexation and such other subjects as might re
bult in bei.efit to our district.
You are earnestly requested to be present,
and as the subjects reierrcd to are of especial
interest to the ladies tliey are particular. y re
quested to attend.
D. Edward Collins. Myron T. Holcomb, G. W.
Kelly, Lyman T. Kinc, P. J. Keller, P. A. Leach
Jr., C. A. Boyntun, Al. D. L. Hadley.G. B.
Daniels. . .
Wedded Late in Life.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 18.— James P.
Condon, a well-known resident of Fitch
burg, is 69 years of age, but he has not yet
tired of matrimony. He called at tne
County Clerk's office this afternoon and
obtained a license to marry Susan F. Paui
lin of San Francisco, wHo has already
lived 73 years.
Akerly-Buok Engagement.
OAKLAND. Cal., Jan. 18.— Dr. J. C. S.
Akerly and Miss Annie Buck will soon be
married. Dr. Akerly is the son of Rev.
Father Akerly of St. John's, and Miss
Buck is the daughter of the late Senator
Buck of fc-olano County.
WILL ADMIT LIQUOR ADS.
They Will Have Free Access to
the Pages oi Blue and
Gold.
Stormy Meeting ot the Junior Class
at Berkeley— Co-:ds Out in
Full Force.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 18.— Liquor
"ads" will have carte blanche to the
pages of '98s Blue and Gold. Such was
the decision of the junior class at the
State University this afternoon after a
lengthy war of wordi, in which a dozen or
more of tiie "eds" and one "co-ed"
participated.
The set of resolutions introduced to de
bar liquor advertisements from the an
nual was overthrown by a vote of 51 to 42.
This action of the class is the result of an
extended controversy over the principle
and propriety of admitting such advertis
ing matter between the combined forces
of the college ST. M. C. A. and the Y. W.
C. A. and the other members of the class.
The co-eds were out in force to-day. Iv
fact it was the largest delegation of young
lady members of the class that has assem
bled since the .freshman year. The side
they took on the question soon became
approved, and they voted almost to a
single person against the insertion of the
disputed ads. AUer the discussion over
the question had Deen brought to a close,
a secret ballot was demanded, and during
the count the excitement ran high be
cause of the almost uniform Bcores which
was run up until- the last when the sup
porters of the ads male a spurt aud fin
ished nine ballots a cad.
W. W. Bristol, author of the condem
natory resolutions passed by the A. M. C.
A., opened up the tight. He reviewed
the case from a standpoint of morality,
principle and finance, and was followed
by H. L. Wast-? and F. R. Faircliili. who
spoke in the sunie tenor. Editor Rector
of tbe B. and O. turned the tide by offer
ing the excuse for the insertion of tlie
liquor ads that tne book needed the money
winch they would yield. 0. H. Allen
came in with a like ODinion. C. C. Boyn
ton did not want the ads to go in because,
he said, the public conception of a college
student now is a young man with a book
in one hand and a wine-glass in the other.
Then came the single co-ed speaker,
Miss L. R. Haenlehn, who acted as stakes
man for her college sisters. She made a
valiant stand for the cause of temperance
and against the "nefarious influences
which lurk In the liquor ads."
The matter then came to a vote with
the result that the Y. M. C. A. and the
Y. W. C. A. were forced into the back
ground.
A shout of approval went up when it
was found that the liquor men had been
given the privileges oi the back pages of
the book.
The principal arguments offered in favor
of admitting the ads was that the publica
tion needed tbe money, and that their
appearance would work no harm to any
one.
More trouble is anticipated before the
question is finally settled.
New Board of Editors.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 18. -The Daily
Berkelyan of the State University ap
peard to-day for the first time this term.
It has an entirely new board of officers,
which is as follows: Editor-in-chief,
Charles A. Elston '97; managing editor,
Allen v Chickering '98, exchange-editor,
Harold S. Syrames '99; associate editors,
A. H. Alien '98, H. H. Gable '98, A. M.
Elli- '99; assistant editors, T. R. Kelly
'96, W. B. Reynolds '00, H. C. Gamage
'99, E. T. Clark. '99, W. B. Hoa«c '98, F. W.
Dorn '99, T. W. McPhers'on '00. Owen S.
Case '97 is business manager.
Republican Masi-Meetlng.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 18.— A raass
meetin? of Berkeley Republicans will be
held at Odd Fellows' Hail to-morrow even
ing for the purpose of considering the ad
visability of placing a Republican muni
cipal ticket in the field for the coming
campaign.
May Be Murdered.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 18.— A rumor is
current that Thomas P. Koarck of West
Kerkeley, who disappeared about four
months ago, has been murdered. He was
a carpenter by trade and left for work one
morning and has not been seen since.
MINISTERS PROTEST.
Supervisors Table a Petition to Re
peal the Kacetrack
Ordinance.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 18— The mem
bership of thirty-six churches was rep
resented in a petition to-day which was
presented to the Supervisors,- asking for
the suppression of racetrack gamblers In
this county. The communication came
from Rev. Dr. Coyle and Rev. F. F. Bo
vard and in addition to the petition con
tained a letter stating % that the protest is
signed by the pastors and official members
and a sufficient number of prominent
Christian people to inform the Supervisors
beyond any reasonable doubt as to the
Christian sentiment of the people in this
county. The petition reads as follows:
Whereas, The racetrack is a place in which
pool-selling, gambling and all accompanying
victs are carried on almost without restraint,
annulling the lundamental laws of society,
viz: a manly dependence on honest labor,
corrupting the public conscience, endanger
ing the peace aud safety of society, disgracing
tne fair name of our county,' preventing
citizen* with high moral convictions from lo
cating in this part of the State and practically
driving scores of families irom their homes;
and whereas, the ordinance \ assed by your
honorable body August 17, 1896, is general in
terms, permitting racetracks to be opened in
every part of the county, and is therefore a
menace to every community in the county;
therefore we, the undersigned ministers and
official members of the churches of Alameda
County, acting In the capacity of citizens, rep
presenting, as we beiieve, the strongest con
victionsof our congregations and the Chris
tian sentiment of our respective communi
ties, Join in an earneßt and respectiul protest
against the action of rour honorable body in
passing the above ordinance licensing race
tracks within the county, witb permission to
sell pools and carry or all kinds of gambling
within their enclosures. We furthermore
urgently petition your honorable board to re
consider and repeal said ordinance, substi
tuting therefor an ordinance making it unlaw
ful to sell pools or carry on any kind of gam
bling within the limits of this county.
Supervisor Church made a motion that
the petition and protest should be laid on
the table. His motion carried, with only
Talcott opposing it.
Supervisor Roeth attempted to have the
protest referred to the Judiciary and Ordi
nance Committee, bat his motion received
no second.
ACME NOT TO BLAME.
President Allen Has Secured a Kehear-
Ing for His Club.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 18.— The Pacific
Amateur Athletic Association has de
cided to'grant the Acme Club a rehearing.
The club was suspended about two weeks
ago for sixty days.
'"The situation was not clearly under
stood," said President Allen to-day, "and
I think, at .least, we deserve a rehearing.
The trouDle ;<.rose over the Tye-Muller
contest, which was given by the Cycling
Annex and not by the club. While the
cyclists are all club members and we rec
ognize the annex, we ought not to be held
responsible for anything they may do
which we have not sanctioned. In regard
to the Tye-Muller nff air, the directors
were asked about it, but we did not have
time to consider the matter before it came
off. Mul'er is generally recognized as a
professional, and probably the annex
overstepped tne rules. Bui it was not
sanctioned by the Acme Club, and when
we presented" this view to the association
they agreed to reopen the case.
"It i* a matter of very little importance,
however, as the sixty dnys will have ex
pired before there are any big events in
which the Acme would "care to partici
pate."
TOLD TO HANG HIMSELF.
Peculiar Story Belated by a Child at
the Prison.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 18. —Frank
Fisher, a boy about 12 years of age, was
taken to the City Prison last night, where
he told a most remarkable story. He said
that his mother was dead and his father
was cruel to him.
"My father took me to the ferry in San
Francisco last night," said the boy, "gave
me t n cents to Duy my ticket across the
bay and a small piece of rope with which
he told me to go and hang myself."
Tbe boy when found by an officer was
wandering about in West Oakland, and
had a small piece of rope with him. He
was turned over to Mrs. .PrescoU of the
children's society to-day, and that officer
took him across the bay and gave him into
the custody of Mr. Welch of t: c San Fran
cisco society.
REV. DR. McLEAN RESIGNS
Cannot Do the Work Required
of a Professor and a
Pastor.
He Will Occupy His Old Pulpit Whil
His Successor Makes a Trip
to Europe.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Jan. 18. i
Rev. J. K. McLean, D.D., has resi ned
from the pastorate of the Plymouth Con
gregational Church. Tbe news that ho
had decided to sever hia connection with
the church to which he has ministered
over a year was a great surprise in church
circles, as a few months ago, when the
report was circulated that his resignation
wus possible, it was denied.
Tbe resignation of Dr. McLean has not
yet been acted upon by the trustees, but it
will certainly be accepted, as the doctor
has definitely stated that he cannot, under
any consideration, reconsider his action.
l"n a short time Rev. C. R. Brown, the
successor to Dr. MoLean at the First Con
gregational Church, will go to Europe on
his wedding tour and his pulpit will be oc
cupied by Dr. McLean. Mr. Brown ex
pects to be absent some months.
"I have resigned," said Dr. McLean to
night," "as I find it impossible to attend
to my duties at the Pacific Theological
Seminary, and also do the work of a pajj
tor. I shall occupy the pulpit at my old
church during Mr. Brown's absence, and
on his return shall devote myself entirely
to the work of. the seminary.
Salisbury's Insolvency.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 18.— A petition
has been filed for the appointment of a re
ceiver for the creditors of Monroe Salis
bury, the well-known horseman of Pleas
anton. The petitioners allege that for
some time past Monroe Salisbury has been
the leading spirit of a ''dummy" cor
poration and that he has done other
things which are not for the benefit of his
creditors.
Judge Hall has made an order citing
Salisbury to be in court on February 1, to
show cause why he should not be declared
an involuntary insolvent. John Stewart
represents the following claims: H.
Arendt & Co., $562;. Bank of Pieasanton,
$1896; Chadbourne Warehouse Company,
$1456; P. V. Wenig, $378; J. A. Blitz, $83.
Democrats Make a Move.
OAKLAND, Oal., Jan. 18.— The Demo
cratic City Committee has issued a notice
to meet at the office of Fitzgerald & Ab
bott next Wednesday evening for im-
Dortant business. Con Brosnahan, one of
tie committee, stated to-day that the
Democrats intend to put a very strong
ticket in the field. He said they intend to
nominate John R. Giascock for Mayor,
R. M. Fitzgerald for City Attorney and
Police Commissioner, and others of "equal
weiebt for the other offices.
Auction Sale*
CfIAS. LEVY & CO., AUCTIONEERS.
Salesrooms— ll3s Market Street.
THIS DAY.
Tuesday January 19, 1897,
. At 10 o'clock a. M, at Salesroom,
1135 MAKKET ST.. bet. ,7th and Bta.
WE WILL SKI/L ■ '
AN ELIGAXT LINK Of FURNITURE,
Carpets, Bedding, stoves, Ranges, etc.
CUAS. LEVY <fc CO.. Auctioneers.
L H. BIRD, AICTIOAhEU.
Office 211 liarkin Street
THIS DAY,
Tuesday January 19. 1896,'
At 11 o'clock a. St., on the premises,
216 GOLDEN GATE AVENUE,
On account of immediate departure, I will sell all
the Furniture ana Household Goods, consisting of
Parlor, .bedroom, Dining- room and Kitchen Fur-
niture.
, : -i' " : -I ' , I* .H. BURD, Auctioneer.
J. C. MUTUER, AUCTIONEER.
• Office— 633 Market Street.
THIS DAY,
Tuesday January 19. 1893,
At 11 o'clock a. M., on the premises,
313 GOUOII STKKKT, NJS AIt HAYI2S,
....I WILL SELL ....
The Contents of a Floe Fiat of 7 Rooms, includ-
ing Fine Parlor and Chamber Furniture, Good
Brussels Carpets, 2 Fine Ranges, Handsome Bed
] ounge, Bedding, Crockery, etc. All must be
sold ;no limit or reserve. ■ • '
CHANGE WITHE ENCINAL.
George F. Weeks Purchases a
Controlling Interest in
the Paper.
Rev. F. S. Brush Inclined to Deal
Liberally With His Amateur
Comedians — Aiameda Notes.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Janl 18.— The Rev. F.
S. Brash is not inclined to deal narshly
with the members of the Christian En
deavor Society who refuse to accept a sug
gestion from him and abandon the farce
they are preparing to g:ve in the church
parlors on the 9th of next month. While
it is opposed to his idea of propriety and
the proper way of raising funds for the
convention assessment, he has decided to
allow the present arrangements to be car
ried out rather than to raise a division in
his congregation. Not in years has any
thing caused such universal comment and
aroused such interest in church circles in
this city as the publication Sunday morn
ing of Mr. Brush's views. He is well
known here, and is the pastor of the
largest and most fashionable church, of
the city, wLere he is universally liked and
respected.
Joseph Falkingham, the chairman of
the social committee which has charse of
the coming production of "My Turn
Next," is a young commission merchant
of San Francisco and a leading worker
both in his own society and church and
the Alanieda City Union, of which be is
the treasurer. He declares that the pastor
should not have waited until the eleventh
hour and then tried to have placed them
under a ban.
Mr. Brush will use educational rather
than, prohibitive measures with the young
people, and in the near future he will
E reach upon "Proportionate Giving" as is
eing aviated at present in Oakland. He
is greatly pleased with the worfc being
done by the Oakland City Union, which
will hold a rally Thursday evening for the
discussion of the money-raising subject
and which has asked ail of the Protestant
pastors of the city to preach upon the sub
ject next Sunday.
"I intend to take up this matter and
make it a subject for a sermon soon," said
Mr. Brush to-day. "The arrangements
already made Diay be carried out,- but I
hope it will be the last thing of the kind
undertaKen. I am not a believer in rais
ing money that way, and I will prepare a
sermon soon that will place the matter in
the right light."
On Friday the junior superintendent
has arranged for a "missionary dialogue"
in the church parlors, for wbicii an a mis
sion will be charged, and next week a
iunny sketch entitled "The Old Red
Scl.oolhouse" will be given in Linde
man's Opera-house. The latter is under
the direction of the Young Men's' Club,
composed of young men who have out
grown the Boys' Brigade. J. E. Baker,
ca?hier of the Aiameda Bank, is the presi
dent of the club.
Change in the Enclnal.
ALAMEDA, -Cal., Jan. 18.— George F.
Weeks, editor and proprietor of the
B:\kerstield Californian, has purchased a
controlling interest in the Encinal of thia
city, and will place it in a new dress on
thelirstof the month. He has also pur
chased a new press and all necessary sup
plies to make i-t one of the finest appear
ing papers on the coast. He will bring a
considerable portion of his job outfit with
him from Bakers-field. Mr. Weeks was in
town to-day looking over the field and
making all of the necessary arrangements
for his business.
The deal is - consummated, but the
papers have not been signed, owing to the
proprietorship of the routes, which are
owned by a private individual. Mr.
Krauth has agreed to give a clear title to
them, so the deal is now assured.
"I virtually assume control to-day,"
said Mr. Weeks to a representative of The
Call, "but owing to business in
Bakersfield I will not take up *he editorial
work until the first of next month, when
the paper will appear in an entirely new
dress and be printed on a new press. I
have the press purchased now and it is in
San Francisco. I am considering the
ground floor of the water company's build
ing for an office. It is centrally and pleas
antly located for a newspaper office. I
snail bring a considerable quantity of
type from the Ca:ifornian office when I
ccme back. I am going back to Bikers
field to-morrow evening to prepare for my
removal to this city."
Mr. Weeks is a thorough Republican
and a bright ana energetic newspaper
man, having had considerable experience,
which the ordinary man would term as
successful. He is nearly six feet in height
and weighs about 200 pounds. His face is
covered with a heavy growth of beard
while his eyes are large and expressive
behind a pair of spectacles.
Aiameda City Notes.
Miss Mamie Morse, the assistant in the
office of the Superintendent of Streets, is In
receipt of a photograph and autograph, of
President-elect William McKinley.
Father £gan, just from Maynooth College,
Ireland, has been chosen assistant to Father
Sullivan at St Joseph's parish. Father Egan's
predecessor is at present in the hospital with
the grip.
The funeral of the late Captain Charles
Thorn occurred to-day irom his late residence,
the Rev. W. W. Scudder officiating. In 1852
he commanded the Sophie McLean. Later he
took the Pacific, plying between San Francisco
and San Diego.
M. Joost, the grocer, left suddenly yesterday
for his ranch near Los (jatos in answer to a
telegram stating that a serious affray had
taken place. It was learned to-day tnat
Thomas Thompson had been cut seventeen
times by another laborer.
Emanuel Levy's residence, 2240 Centrnl
avenue, has been raided and considerable
siiverware, such as spoons, forks, toothpiek
hulders, all solid, and $6 in cash are missing.
The latter was made good by Miss Ade.e Levy,
as she was only the custodian.
Pardee Will Contest .
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 18 — The Pardee
will contest was brought up in the Su
perior Court this afternoon. Messrs. Reed
& Nusoaumer and Judge Van R. Pater
son appeared for the widow, while A. A.
Moore represented Dr. George C. Pardee.
The petition of Dr. Pardee to have certain
j.arts of the complaint stricken out was
the car?e on trial. Attorney Tread well
iwiAii ArrrroT company.
THIS DAY.
Tuesday January 19, 1897,.
At 11 o'clock A. M., at -.
1057 MARKET STKKKT, OPP. JONES,
.... WE WILL SELL....
By order of W. Gilbert, a ice 1 o:. of Miscellaneous
Furniture; also one Magnificent Eric-a-Bra- Man.
tPI Mirror. Wardrobes, Kxtenslon I able*. Chairs,
Sideboards, Rauges, Bedding and Crockery.
At a p. x -Sale of Millinery Goods.
INDIANA AUCTION COMPANY.
AUCTION SALE
By Order
Assignee at the ew York Stables, 507
Jessie Street, Above Sixth,
We will sell to the highest bidder, Thursday, Janu-
ary 21,.at 11 a. it.. 1 pair Bay Horses: 1 Double
Ham ss, Robe, Whip aad Blanket; Brewster
Bugjy, l'ole and Shafts; also 3 good Businesi
Horses; a Topßnsrgies; 2 Open Buggies; 1
Grocery Wacon, 1 Top Laundry Waston: 1 Top
Rockaway; 1 Butcher Cart; 7 sets Single liar-
ness: also a Gentle Pony, for lady or boy to
drive or ride. This stock cau be seen after
Tuesday, January 19, 1897, atd must be sold
» ithout reserve or limit.
31. J.McBRIDE, Auctioneer.
asked thai certain items ba eliminated,
and his argument was controverted by
Judge Paterson, who stated that his
client was entitled to be permitted to
prove her assertion that the will was se
cured by fraud, and that Dr. Pardee enter
tained a vioient dislike to his father's sec
ond wife.
No decision was reached.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
BUSS HOUSE.
F S Reider, Or M 0 Logan, Or
G H J-airbank, Or F Scott, Stockton
H Walkman, Cal N Brlghtman, Chicago
A C Simon, San Mateo E N suetner, Sao Mateo
P AnnstroDß, Cal F T Armistrade. Cal
W S Montgomery, Cal E C Wood, Vlsalla
J B Overton, Nev W S Sbaw, Nev
C sober man. Cal J W searles. Borax
A S liaiDe, Conn A S Invan, Idaho
I H Howard, Fresno F Rhoans, t'resno
J S Young, Redding F M Smith <£ w, Cai
H D Curtis <t w, Cal J H Andrlck, Chicago
Q F Sparks, King City W Elliott, Denmark
F \V Fuller, Cal J Terry, ban Raf.tel
A R Jones & w, Cal H Bulger. Sacramento
H C Holbrook.Fetaluma D W Wise. Los Angles
C A Perkins. Los Ant; V X Perkins, Los Angles
Miss R S Perkins, Cal R L Parker, Oregon
J Henderson, Ft Jones N Burns, Nelson
Mrs R A Bojd. Nelson Mrs J A Hememon, Sao
S> (i South <t w, N J \V L Andron, <ft w, CBay
Miss l. Noah, Cooa Bay I W Johnson, S LObUpo
J H Andrick, 111 Mrs Fairchlld, Texas
Mrs E Beesley, Tex Miss E Forte. Kellogg
GRAND HOTEL.
N E Malcolm, Sacramto J Butler, Colfax
W H Miner Jr, Calaveras J (ireely, Marysville
A Boweu. Port Costa R r Devlfu, Sacramento
R P saunders, Napa F Thomas, San Jose
W H Freman, Los Ang AM Robb. Port Costa
v P il pklns. Port Costa E M MarmionAw, L Ang
R R Clarke, Canon B C Kinyon, Los Angeles
W Atcbison. Brisbane Mrs Atchlson. Brisbane
Mrs M Bristow. >n Mateo \V B Lawrence <fe wife,
John A Mclntyre, Sacto Vacaville
C M Neal, Arkansas J E Nicicerson, Chicago
Mrs M J Jones, San Jose Dr A E Osborne.Eldridga
T X Westfall, Jackson J M Murray, Indiana
J Jacobs, san Jose Mrs (i i. Mills, Los Ang
I Keek, Florida Mrs Ji Naher, Napa
O Muller <fc wf, Napa I L> Bradley, Merced
W a Stovull, Williams J J Jones, California
Mrs RM Taylor, NY W F Jordan, Stockton
F Banlett, J-l verinore
PALACE HOTEL.
H B Thompson, Angels C Mrs J * flattens, Belved
W c Peytin, Santa Craa G H Baird, Chicago
C Wachmelster. Sweden R C Jack, San Luis Obis
Cll Cooke. Gold Creek B Berthold, N V
J C Dempson, NY J Luckstone, S V
C W Dolon <fe w, Chicago B E Vlatch. Chicago
A BAbbOlL <Sfc w, N V Mmc L N ord ica, N V
Mrs G H Walker, NY HE Sanford, N V
D J Smith <fc \v, N V AB Thompson, Angels O
W 0 Peyton, Santa Crua M Kahn, Ohio
W D Tobey, Larson Miss Tobey, Carson
N Beal, NY W C Thompson & w,N V
F D Russell <& w, St Louis D T Paxton, Portland
P Tlllinghaat, I acoma C F Beck & w, Los Uatos
F 8 Proctor, Kac
BALDWIN HOTEL.
H Spring, San Jose J 8 O'Brien, Lot Banos
Miss M Watson, Merced D Kellly, Merced
G J Ken -edy. NY T E Could <S w, L Angel
W H Miller, Ukiah M Gnldschmldt, L Angel
J P Seymonr, Chicago J F Parks, Jackson
L Klmb.e, Los Angeles Z S Meyer, N V
T H Wells, Tomaco G H Brown, Boston
F A Smith, NY C Jones, Vallejo
J Blum, Sacto H T Berry, St Panl
A J Jennings, N Jersey C B Billon, San Diego
Mrs C Abbott, Portland Miss Abbott, Portland
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
C E Mitchell, Benlcia W Hawley, Centerville
G Best & w, San Jose J R Fuller, st Panl
Henry WatheD, St Paul D Breyton, Victoria
P Dunerian, Victoria F Paie <fe w, Buffalo
Joiin Ferguson, Cal J A Earl, Chicago
"\\'m M Madden, N V P Johnson, Sacramento
W. A Wilson, Vallejo J S Turner, Springfield
E J R other, cal EH Clark <fe w, Cal
8 Fitch. Los Angeles W B Rlgbey, Santa Cras
H H Gardner, Albany
COSMOPOLITAN.
C H Carmer, L Angeles J P Kay, Texas
E N Bobo, Sac A D Duffey, Santa Crua
C A Weaver, Delano PJ McHenry, SLOblspo
F J McHenry. S L Obis J Fahey, Sonora
J Phoenix, san Jose F Ito, N V
PDornfeld,Santa.MomcaH Newman <fe w, Tnlars
J Morris, Petaiuma T Potts & w, Monterey
Dr Ollstrop, Tulare P Mahoney, Vallejo
H H Madden, San Rafael T H Rocklngham, S Raf
THE
WEEKLY
GJILL
ol It Publishes the Cream of the
p/ ;. News of the Week and
=* MANY . ATtRACTIVE AND
el ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°) IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
°\ PAPER ON THE
cJ PACIFIC AST
5 Always Republican, but Always
~j Fair and Impartial in Its
°\ Rendering of the Po» .
ol litical News.
©/ It's the Paper to Send East If
J : You Want to Advertise . .
3r California.
oi _____^
1
0 The Best \ /Mining
•Ti Telegraphic \/ News That
°^ . Service on /\ Is Accurate
p< The Coast / \& up to data
ol / . \ t
CM . ■". " ■ -■ ££%?'
°{ Not a Line of it Sensational .
ol or Faky, and Not a Line of
erf it Dry or Uninteresting.
3 A PAPER FOR THE COUNTRY FIRESIDE.
rsl Bright, Clean, A Champion of
V Thoughtful. Truth.
I) A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
*J ALL THE TIME.
3 FT ADVOCATES SENT BY
°) HOME MAIL, $1.50
Oi '-INDUSTRIES A YEAR.
5 THE CALL SPEAKS FOR Alt
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
«2o KEAItXV «T. Established
l in 1854 for the treatment of Private
f Diseases, l^ost Manhood. Debility or
\ diseasewearingou bodyand mind and
j Shin Diseases. The doc torcureswhen
J others fail. Try him. Charges low.
ICnrcnenaraiitrrd. Callorwrite.
. Sis. J. V. «»ibbo.\. Box 1937. San Fraacifica
1112
FIRST CHOICES
DO NOT THRIVE
Four Out of Six Favorites
Bowled Over at Emery
ville.
Salvabe Got the Decision Ovsr
Cabrillo in a Close
Finish.
Lost Girl A»ain in Front at Odds of
25 to I— R^y del Bandidos in
Race Form.
The downfall of foar favorites— not an
unusual occurrence at the Emeryville
track across the bay — a good-sized attend
ance and one very close finish tell the
etory of a day's racing. One who discards
the "dope " book at OaKJand will do well.
The form-player will eventually land at
the revulsive-looking iron doors of the City
Prison, applying for a night's lodging.
Such is the vast difference in affairs exist
ing between two tracks situated not
twenty miles apart.
The judges in the stand stated that
Ealvable won by half a length. Other
keen observers made it a short head, while
just a few spectators thought Cabrillo was
first over the wire. The race in particu
lar, a mile dash, solved down to ttiree
starters — Saivable, who receded in the
betting from 7 to 10 to evens, Cabrillo and
Schiller. Cabrillo, with Isom up, made
all the running and was beaten out in
l:Al%. Show honors, of course, went to
Schiller.
Olive was a 6 to 5 favorite for the open
ing seven-fur.ong selling event. The mare
met with a little hard luck at the outset
and in a hard drive was beaten out a
head by Ban Marco, tbe second choice,
ridden "by Sam Doggett. Jack Richelieu
at 50 to 1 was a goefd tlnrd.
Johnny McHale's eood colt Basqnil was
a Tedhottip for tiie five and a half furlong
maiden dash that followed, going to the
post Bto 5. Ridaen by Charley Thorpe he
wa« badly messed about and beaten two
lengths by Jack o' Lantern, against whom
7 to 2 was laid.
Lost Girl again secured winning brackets
in the third event at six and a half fur
longs. Twenty-five to one was obtainable
against her, but whether she waa the best
or the lot starting in the race is a matter
ot conjecture. Rienzi, against, which 10 to
1 was laid, ran an excellent race under
Slaughter's rather poor piloting, and was
beaten out but three parts of a length.
Tempestuous was third. George Palmer,
the 8 to 5 choice, running in next to last
position down the hack stretch, made a fine
run, but was unable to get witnin the
money.
Pat Dunne's Formal ruled a 3 to 5 fa
vorite for the mile and a quarter ruu, and
looking all over a winner at one »:age of
the journey was eventually beaten out by
both Rev del Bandidos and Unity. The
winner, Rey del Bandidos, who went back
in the betting from threes to 6 to 1, came
from last position at the head of the
Ftretch and downed the pacemaker,
Unity, nearly a length in 2:ußJ^.
With La Mascota possessing no speed
whatever, the final five and a half f uriong
spin was n^tnintr but a galiop for the 6 to
J5 favorite, Benamela. Hazel D, a 200 to 1
shot, look the place from Petrarch in a
drive.
NOTES.
Amos "White is again training the bones
owned by W. 08. Macdonougb.
Monita was well backed to win tbe firpt
race, but bis tyro hard runs of last week were
riot without their effect. Tbe gelding was
unplaced at the finish.
Ciaudiana, tbe filly, by imp. Brutus
from Swayback, starting in the second
event, made a very creditable showing,
and will bear watching in her future races.
Imp. Mistral 11 was quite extensively
played on some recent good workouts,
THE "CALL" RACING GUIDE.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB. Oakland Racetrack. Monday. January 18. Thirty-fourth
*~ day of the winter meeting, 1896-97. Weather fine. Track fast.
Af\A FIRST KACJB — Se '
and upward; parse 9300.
Horse, age, weight.
382
882
381
382
39 x
I'JS
37 .
396
a^2
282
' 398
San Marco, 4 100; 7
■ live. 5 iOS «
Jack P.icheheu, a.llO 9
Miss Ruth, 5 98 4
Monlta.a 107 11
Heartsease, 4 105 5
XiC .Vac, 4 10;> 10
j P.oadrunnpr. a... 110 8
Minnie tee, a lO'> 2
Big Chief, 4 100 1
bl r, a 108y 2 3
10 2
11
7h
Bi/ s
5?
3h
5 h
sy.
4b
9%
8%
6%
1-) 4
2 1
11
3 I
71
11
4 b
5 h
72
t>y
3%
10 4
2 1
lh
4 1
l!*
8 1
93
72
6y a
4 1
8 2
2 1
lb
3%
5 Va
10
11
lh
■z iy 2
31
42
5 2
6
7
8
9
10
11 VV
|Doggett
: K. Isom
P. Sullivan
ißeidy
Thorpe
Hennessey
I'arker
Burljngame ....
Siaoicbter
Spencer
C. tsloan
3
6-6
30
60
6
4 .'
60
10
6
200
40
3
6-5
50
200
5
15
300
15
8
400
100
Good start.
on driving. Winner. I-..
, by
BECOSDRAi
AQ~ SECOND KA
purse $350.
In<l.
Horrp, weight.
V 4
Fin.
12
, 26
IV*
6 y^
6 Vz
73
82
9
10
11
JockeT.
lL
386 jjacx o' Laateru.. 1051 4
Basqull luH 5
389 Phillip H 112 9
128 Claudiana 103 3
39-' Modestia 110 8
148 Dr. Martin 108 7
271 Moscow... 115 1
39'J h"he stockbroker. 112 6
172 Claudia T lOSIIO
392 Vaidua 112 2
i Iron Packer 103 11
I
l*i
5 n
9 2
4 h
8h
6h
2 h
7h
10 4
i! %
1 2
2 1
6 1
4h
72*
5 2
is*
if*
12
21
51
7?'
7 x
81
61
io 3V3
9
11
R. Isom.
Thorpe
Coady
H. Martin
Jones....-
805eman.. ......
Cla-.vs >ii
DogKett
oncer ../.
C. Sloan.
Thompson
3
9
15
c.O
4
"0
30
3
50
20
50
7-2
8-5
20
40
60
100
3
100
•20
100
I::::::::
Good mar:.
vv on easily.
Win
H. H. Hunn's eh. k., hy Flambeau-Ul^ndew.
TUne, 1
A()U THIRD HACt-T
purse $400.
Jtidex.
(375)
(889)
394 I
294 '
(377)
389
. 3.5
389
389
389
LOitGirl 105 6
Hlenz: 108 5
1 Tempestuous IU7 4
'Torpedo 108 3
I George 1'»1mer...105 9
Fortunate. 1118 2
luij). Aiistral JI ..108 7
Viking 105 10
Wroiiland Belle. .103 8
Roy Cairutners.. ill I
Horse, weight.
St.
I
4 2
51*
3 h
6b
91
1 h
8 1
If
10
_ 'A ■ str -
-41 1 h
6% 6 3
3h 3 3
« V 2 4 3
91 63
11 ' 2V4
82 71
72 9
iS 1 * ,5*
Fin.
¥
4 1
6 2
62
74
H2
9 10
10
Hennessy
-daughter
Thorpe
C. Moan
R. 150 m...
H. Martin
F eeman ........
Mitchell
I Jones.
I Doggett
Betting.
Op. Cl.
12
12
4
3
60
8-6
10
50
30
8
10
15
10
8
100
6-5
9
30
60
6
40
I
Good start. Won handily. Winner, A. Martin <fe Co.'sch. f., by Tyrant. Time, l:22y a
aAy i'OUKTH KACfc.— One and a quarter miles: purse $400.
Index.
Horse, age, weight.
St. Std. 14 % 84 Str. Fin.
4 7 .' 7 7 7 7"V 1 3/.
512 12 11%1 1 . 11 Hi
2 4h 42 41 4 2 2V, 3 3
6 r> n 5b 5h 63 6141
liJh»y,'3h»h 3h 61
72 2 21 2y a 2 v 41 6 3
3 62 68 63 5 h 6Vi 7 •
Betting.
Op. (1.
(SHS) Rv (11 Bandidos,*. 112
381 Onltr, 4 98
395 Formal, 4 11l
393 Little Bob, 5 105
397 ilermanlta, 5. ...100
387 Tuxedo, a K;O
393 Foremost, 5 100
( oa<ly
Jones
W. Martin
Hennes'iy
H. Martin
G. WiUon
Isom
3-
-10
7-10
8
8
200
30
6
35
3-5
10
9
600
60
Good start. Won easily. Winner, Cambridge stable's eh. h., by imp. True Briton- Collier'
Tlniy. 2 'oB V^-
A(\^i. 9UTfS. RACE— One mile; four-year-olds ana upward; purse 8400.
Index.
884 ;
3fco I
390
Salvable, 4 108 i
iialrillo, :.; 105
— .h.iler, 5 104|
Horse, ane, weight.
■ » ! o
1112
2 I 2 h
U b
1 I
3
2h
1 1
3
Btr.
23
3*
fin. Jockey.
1 h W. 1 Manln
21 Isom
i - 8-v-V slaughter
7-10
3
3
1
6-2
2
Good start. Won ariv.ns. Winner, P Dun lie's eh. h.. by Salva or-l.ydia. Time, 1:41 J£.
/ifVJ SIXTH KACk.— Eleven-sixteenths ol a mile; selling:
Index. Home, weight.
(365) I Benamela. 1 10
363 I iiazfl I) 93
(381 ): Petrarch 101
376 ilhabeila 93
2!»5 Don Pio Pico i) 6
206 Vlrgie A 96
3:8 Coda 96
371 LaMascota 98
286 Palmerston 106
1
3
5
8
2
6
7
4
9
V* _%_
........ l h !
....... 42
........ 3 ii
::::•::: Vfr .
:::::::: §■*
7 h
........ 8%
%
1 2
4 3
3 1
ft
•81 '
Str.
12
31
iY>
21
7
61
8
c
14
2y a
3 3
4 1
5h
62
7 1
8 10
8
W.Martin
K^idy
Thorpe
C1awa0n. ........
Frawley.
Brock
180 m..v;
H. Martin......
Hennessey .....
Betting.
Op. Cl.
1
20
6
16
103
100
\i
2
8
6-5
200
It'
30
200
a rill
30
2
4
Biraeciing start. Won easily. Winner, P. Dunne's br. b,, by Ben All- Prose. Time, 1:081^.
but failed utterly to run up to them in tne
race.
Great things were expected by the pub
lic of La Mascota, second choice in me
betting on the last even', and what a dis
appointment she proved. One spectator
said, "he heard after he got his bet down
that she wa* not good." Now that is in
deed soothing consolation, and if such
was tbe case wny was the mare started.
With 99 pounds up she shou'd have been
fightine for the money, yet she was mis
erably beaten off. When a poor stable
lad on a 500 to 1 shot goes out in front of
his field tbe "crab" under him dies away,
he is set down for incompetent and sus
picious riding When a jockey of note fin
ishes a most shoiny exhibition it is a mis
take of judgment. One jockey can run
another out wide and almost force turn
iqto the judges' stand and it is not foul
I riding. Another horse may swerve a tri
fle with his jockey and the rider is set
down for questionable riding* The racing
game has some pecu iar phases and the
regular patron has indeed become a phil
osopher.
Following are the entries for this after
noon's running events:
First race, three-quarters of a mile, selling.
556 Bramettft 94! 387 Greenback Jr. .107
3t9 Monlior li>4 388 Monterry 10b
3.<b Myron 99 404 Koadrunner.... 102
276 Abalanza 99 i-80 Arundel 100
3*7 Irina 97 376 Banjo 9B
876 Tonino 100 387 NorvofO 99
3d3 Haz-'i D 98 260 Jack Atkins.. .. 96
382 Prcksnlff 106
second race, three-eighths of » mile, two-year
olds.
399 On Got Mta...100 399 Count of Flan
-399 D ik.ofYorkll.lo3 (Krs. 103
Blitz 108 Irrltator 108
396 La Biisca (tor- Vreeland 108
m. rly oolden 399 Gunst. 103
Horn filiy)... .lCo 399 Boadicea. 100
.... Queeu Mab 105
Third race, one mile, selling.
40-; Minnie ccc 301 ; 355 Earl Cochran ..104
597 Sea Spray 103! 393 Doyle 103
1 097 Scimitar 104 407 Hermanita. .. 104
378 LitUe Cripple.. 103 407 Vnlty 101
fourth race, seven-eighths of a mile, purse.
384 Salisbury 11. ...107 305 Ferrier. 100
40V! Preston 107 (352) Yankee Dood:e.lo7
(40-')lnstttllator 110| 387 Double Quick.. 97
Fifth race, three-quarters of a mile, selling.
175 Migs Gentry...'. 97| 3<i4 Cadenza 98
H69 l-ainie E 97 398 Contrition fc>7
371 Zjolei.i 102; 14:< Aiesandro 100
398 America. 97! 60 Blue Belie 105
(39-*)Klv 106 388 \Voodehopper..lL'9
SH7 Mahorany 99 393 Foremost 99
88 ■ st. Algno'n 104 593 su Apollo 118
369 Detective 107
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
First race — Monitor, Nervogo, Abalan
za.
Second race— Blitz, Count of Flanderi,
Vreeland.
Third race — Little Cripple, Sea Spray,
Hermanita,
Fourth race — Preaton, Ferrier, Instal
lator.
Fifth race— Fly, Mis* Gentry, St.
Aignon.
PLANTING SALMON FEY.
Thousands of Young Fishes "Will Be
Liberated in Streams Contiguous
to the Ocean.
As an experiment the California Fish
Commissioners suggested some time ago
to J. J. "irice, United States Fish Com
missioner at Washington, that the raising
and planting of salmon try at some place
contiguous to the ocean would be replete
witn good results.
The State Fish Commissioners are of the
opinion that a large percentage of the
salmon fry planted in the head waters of
the Sacramento Kiver near the site of
Battle Creek hatchery never reach the
ocean, as predatory fish destroy lar«e
numbers of try while on their long jour
ney to the sea.
To obviate this, • 750,000 eggs of the
Qumnat salmon were shipped from Battle
reek on January 1 to a small hatchery
which was built a few years ago in the
vicinity of Olema. Marin County.
United Slates Fish Commissioner Brice
acquiesced in the opinion of the local Fish
Commissioners and at the Government's
expense the experiment is now being
tried.
The little fishes will be liberated in Ole
ma, Lagunitas and Paper-mill creeks as
soon as they commence to feed, which will
be in March or April next.
F. A. Shebley, foreman of Taboe City
hatchery, is looking after the Olema
hatchery and under his watchful eye it is
expected that very few of the iry will per
ish. Experts contend that the youug sal
mon will not return to the waters in which
they will be planted, but that after they
are in the ocean for some time they will
seek the Sacramento Kiver or some other
large body of fresh water. The experi
ment will be watched with much interest
by the Commissioners.
• — ♦; — •
The idea that alcohol keep's out the cold
is wropg, as mountaineers have found by
repeated experience that the opposite of
this holds true.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 19, 1897.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Cam^,
710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICEB— 527 Montgomery Kreet,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
SS9 Hayes street, open until 9: 30 o'clock.
615 l.arkln street, open until 9:B0 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixieenui and Mission street*, open
until 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
1805 Polk street; open un '1-9:3".
NOTICE Oi JUl^i-IINCiS.
HSS» CALIFOKNIA CHAPTER SO. 5, ■
Ifr^ B.A. M\, will meet THIS (Tt'E^-^jft^
DAY) EVENING, January 19. at 7:Holf2f
o'clock. Stated meet Ui;. By order of tiie 'v >
H. P. FRANKLIN H. DAY, So retary.
SC3S 3 ORIENTAL LOD . NO 144. F. i[
t^and A. M.-F. C. degreee THIS^jSV.
(TUESDAY) EVENING a: 7:30 o'clock. "wriT
A. S. HUiiBARI). Secretary. /Hr >
■Tag" GOLDEN G A 'IE LODGE N»». 30. a
Bfr-*^ F. and A. M.— Called meeting THIS Jl
(TUESDAY) EVENING, January 19, at "JO?
7 o'clock. .D. 8. GEO. J. HOBi--. Sec /▼>
MASONIC CEMETERY ASSOCIATION.—
16^^ The annual meeting of lot-owners In the
Masonic cemetery will be held at the Masonic
Temple O> TUKSDAY AFTERNOON. February
2. 1897, at 2 o'clock, for the election of three
trus ees and such busine s as may legally come
before it. GEO. J. HOBE, secretary.
Ifc^S* TBE REGULAR ANNUa L MEETING
*&£?■. of the stockholders of the National Ice Com-
pany will be had at the . nice • f the company, 327
Market St.. San Francisco, Cal.. on WEDNES-
DAY, the 3d day of February, 1897, at the hour of
11 o'clock a. m., for the purpose of .electing a
board of directors to serve for the ensuing year
and the transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting.
J. i. DONAHUE, Secretary.-
Office 827 Market st., San Francisco, Cal.
»^S=» NOTICE— THE ANNUAL MEETING
mr*& and election of the board of directors of the
Consumers' Ye lit and Vinegar Works will be held
on THURSDAY, January 21. 1897, atTeutonia
Hall, Howard St., near Ninth, at 2 r it.
JAMES A. STULZ, President.
Chris Brusk, secretary.
tST^S- GEOGRAPHICAL SOCIETY OF THE
Wf^s? Pacific— annual election of directors
and councilors of socioty will be held on
TUESDAY, 19;h lust., at the rooms. Merchants'
Exchange building. rolls open from noon till 6
p. m. Meeting at Bp. M. By order
GEORGE DAVIDSON, President. ;
Johk Partridge. Secretary. .
flf^S=> ANNUa J MEETING— THE REGULAR
ur^S' annual meetlncof the stockholders of the
Oceanic Steamsnlp Company will be held at the
' office of the rompair. 327 Market street, San
Franciico, Cal., on THUHSDA If, the 21st day of
January. 1897, at the hour of 11 o'clock; a. m. for
thepnrpos« of eUcting a board of directors to
serve for the ensuing year and the transaction of
»uch other business as may come before the meet-
ing. Transfer books will close on Saturday, Jan-
uary 9, at 12 o'clock M
E. Jl. SHELDON. Secretary.
MiaUl- NOTICES.
tt^S= SAN FRANCISCO, CAL., JAN. 11, 1897.
BK^? The orphans and half-orphans that were re-
ceived liUiv St. Francis Girls' Directory Orphan
Asylum since July 1, 1896. to January 1, 1897,
are as following: Orphans, females— Klla Andrew,
age 4 years: Teresa Melissa, age 9 years; Nellie
Allen, age 8 years; Echo Allen, age 5 years:
Phoebe Allen, age 2 years 5 months; .Marie St.
Clalr, age 1 hour. Half orphans, females— Mamie
O'Farrell, age 7 years: Henrietta O'Far/ell, age 3
years: Nellie O'Farrell, age 5 years: Katie Dillon,
live 12 years: Irene Cam be 1 age 5 years il
months: Nellie StocKing, age 10 years; Augus-
tine Hulton. age 11 years: Millie Crowley, age 10
years; May Crowley, age 2 years; Ethel Crow-
ley, age I year; Rena Matti, ag ■ 9 years: males-
Frank Hopper, age 7 yeais; Charlie Hopper, age 5
years: Frauk Kane, age 4 years: Ed'iie Burk, age
8 years: i,ouis Bur.:, age 6 years; Dante Matti,
age 7 years: Hobert Matti. age 4 years: Frank
Matti, age '2 years 6 months: George Dillon, age
I rear 6 months'.
tl^jp BAD TENANT^ EJECTED iOK $4.
'S-^of collections made, city or coontrv. Paclfle
Collection Co.. 415 Montsy «... room !>'.. 658 J.
mvii)EM> NOTICES. ;\
B^S* DIVIDEND NOTICE— DIVIDEND NO.
E^ 89 (twenty-five cents per share) of the
HUTCHINSON SUGAR PLANTATION COM-
PANY, will be held at the ollice of the Company.
827 Market street, on and alter Friday, January
22, 1897.
Transfer books will close Saturday. January 16,
1897. at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
SITUATION'S M A>TKU-tKJIALIi.
pOMPETEN T WOMAN 7 lv'!TllA SIRLff
\J years o'.d, desires situation; best references;
$15. Ml.->S <ULLKN. »23 suiter St.
AMERICAN WOMAN WANTS WORK BY
j\. the day; good washer and iroiier; thorough
housecleauer; $1 a day. 731 Folsom.
COMPETENT WOMAN WANTS WORK BY
\J the day. washing, ironing, cleaning. MRS.
ALLEN, 3's3Va Minna St., bet. Fourth and Filth,
rear.
\\rANTED-SITUATION TO DO GENEKAL
" housework; neat reliable worker. Address
34 Maple court, bet. Guerrero and Dolores -its.,
off Fourteenth.
F.SPEI TABI.K PERSON WANTS WORK BY
xi the day. wasliin. or nouseclea iln^. 217 Polk.
TWO GEttMAN GIRLS, JUST AKKIVED
x from the East, seek situations in German fam-
ily. Call or address 1018 Minna si., off Eleventh.
KEFINED ENGLISH WIDOW. SUNNY NA-
XL ture: exDerienced housekeeper: good cook; for
widower: 1 ountry preferred. 989 Howard St., cor.
Sixth, room 27. second floor front.
.'ANTED —BY STEADY, RESPECTABLE
»» woman, position to do light housework or take
fur charge of cht.dren. Call at 4 Church place, off
Dupont St.. near Greetiwicn.
T7'BEN"CH~~COOK'r"FIP.ST CLASS, CITY OR
Jr country: references; $20. Torrence court, off
Clay, between LarKinand Hyde sis. • ...
MKKIC.AN WOMAN, FIRST-CL.ASS L'uUK,
wants situation in boarding-house or privaie
family; first-class references. Call for Manuco,
325 butter, employment oflice. .
TJESPECTABLE GERMAN LADY WISHES
II work by the day; wa lung, ironing or house-
cleaning, or any kind of work. A., box 2, Call.
\ MERICAN LADY WISHES POSITION AS
-i\ companion, nurse or nursery -governess, with
family iOitig to Honolulu. it., box 37, Call fflce.
VOUNU LADY DESIRES POSITION JN of-
JL flee: understands bookkeeping, typewriting
and shorthand; work for $3 per week. IS. E., box
88, Call Ofllce.
■YOUNG WU.HA.V WAN IS SITUATION AS
x eh. mb-Tinaid, either la hotel or lodging-house;
3 years' reference. I'M Sixth st., room 12.
pULORED GIHL WOULD LIKE POSITION
\J as child's nurse, or will do secoud work. Ad-
dress G. <- box 108, Call Office.
IRJ. WANTS SITUATION AT tIENKKAL
vj housework; good Knglish coot at low wages.
Call 10 Wetmore place, off .Washington bt., be:
Mason and Powell.
| ADY WOULD LIKE TO DO PLAIN SEW-
Xj ing and mending at home. 131 '1 aylor st., rm 2
OMPKTENT WOMAN. WANTS OKK BY
Vj the day wksh.HK> ironing or housecic-aniug.
Address or call 4 it) Natoma St., rear.
Wr.DISH WOMAN WANTS' A SITUATION
to do housework and holp with cooking. . Ap-
ply 3t)u7 Twenty-fourth St., near Sanchez.
SIIUATIb.N WANTED BY A WOMAN WHO
O is ■ competent cook and understands the cure
Of a small dairy; reiereuce. Address 935 iiuwurd
m., bet. Fifth and sixth.
V UlI.Mi oWi. iJISM WuliAN, WITH A
X baby, like to do light housework. i lease call
at 967 Mission s .
SITUATION WANTED BY MIDDLE • AGED
0 woman to do housework, wiiere «he can take
son 018 years: country pref.-rred. 45 y a Fifth st.
wism girl WANTS a ice i LACK IN A
small family; can do all kinds o: work, from
10 a. m. to l p. m. U. P., 217 heconi st.
/ >IRL wishes GEM-.UAL HoUSKVXORK
Vj or plain cooking. 323 Tehama su.'nr. Fonrtn.
ERiMA.N WOMAN WI>Ht.S WORK BY THE
\JT day at washing, ironing or bouHecieaning. Ad-
dreg* 741 Minna St. '. • • ■
L IRVr - CLASS SEAMSTHfc;>S WILL SEW
1} for 60 cents per day and board. Address box
C,, Call Braucb. Sixteenth and Mission sis
MEAT sWi.DI&HoiRL WISilKs To DO GEN-
XX eral housework; is a good cook; good worker;
wages «20. 513 McAllister st. '
1 BIGHT WOMAN OF ABILITY Wjhidi-.» A
i ' jiosillon m an institution as managing house-
keeper. Address W.. Call office, ll>7 Mntu st. :
\\r ANT^D-GEJSEBAL 11OU8KWOKK BY A
if young tlrl in - American family; good cook;
best reterenCHS. . 516 Klguth si., UaKland.
YOung girl of 16 wants place to
X mind baby. 1 221 Fill more st., near Halght.*: > ",
7} NORWEGIAN OUtLS Wl.-H A PLACE TO-
— geiher; one as cook, other as second work;
wages $25 hud $20;: American family. ■ Call after
10 a. m., 17 Stockton st., room 64. ■ ■. -^aSSS^S^i
EFINED GERMAN GIRL DESIRES POSI-
X\ tlon as maid: take entire charge of children:
woulddo second work and sewing; city references.
734 Guerrero street. : • ' ■..-.-■
OMI'ETKNT WOMAN WANT-* SITUATION
/to do general housework; also cooking; no ob-
jection to going short distance in the country
139 Eleventh st. ■ '
; L ASTERN WIDOW OF EXPERIENCE
i^> would like first-class place as housekeeper for
lodging- noose, widower or bachelor. Boom 9, 47
Stevenson st., corner Sixth, after 12. . '
ART, EAT - APPEARING - LADY
wishes work at counter in battery or wal ress
n restaurant. 419 Geary st., room' *22.' ■ . .
t&PECI AHLU,. ; COM Phil' iN 1 1 WOMAN
wants to do general housework In. cl.y In
American family; good reference. Call 1807 Mis-
sion st. :-•; -. •■>: -
G"l KKMAN WOMAN WANTS WORK WASH-
r Ing, Ironing or cleaning by the day; GINS-
BEKG, 152 Perry St., bet. Third and Fourth. "
EXPERIENCED NUUSK WAN 18 SITUA~-
tIon to take care of invalid; city or country;
first-class re;erencc. Address.Nurse, 22^£ Perry au
SITUATIONS WANTED- Contlnned.
"YOUNG WOMAN WITH 1 CHILD WISHES
X situation, housework; Is a good plain cook. 616
Broadway, Oakland, room 11. " ' '
rpKUST WORTHY HOUSEKEEPER WISHES
-1 cham'nerwork, where she can go home at night;
best city references. 345 Pore st. '. - ■ ■ ~
Air AMERICAN LADY OF REFINE-
* ment wish s position as housekeeper or care
of grown children, and sewing; pleasant home the
object. J. P., box 22, this office. ' '"■-■
POSITION v\ ANTED iiY SWEDISH WOMAN
-T as cook in first-class family. L.. box 73, Call.
/'OOD WASHER WISHES FAMILY WASH-
,VT. ing or i flannels; ■ out or home. Apply or ad-
dress 105 Prospect place, room 6. •
IDDLE-AGi D WOMAN WISHES SITU-
.at lon as housekeeper or as a nurse; city or
country: best of reference. Call or address for 1
week at 36 Moss st., bet. Howard and Folsom,
above Sixth. ■ :
T EAT SWEDISH GIRL WISHES GENERAL
J-i housework in small family. Please call nt 515
Myitle aye., bet. Geary and u'Farrdll sts., below
Octavia. . .
XPERIKNCED DRESSMAKER WOULD
like to get some sewing: j made very reasona-
ble. 2 Rose aye., upstairs. .
WANT ADS "aXD" SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
"•.The Call are taken at Branch Office, .south-
west corner sixteenth and Mission gts.
Y° 5 * GIRL WANTS SITUATION TO DO
X general housework or upstairs work 6 Enter-
prise, bet. sixteenth and .seventeenth. oft Foliom.
V' HUM. WIDOW WOULii LIK»-. To DO GEN.
X tlemen's plain men Ing at home. 106 Fourth
St., room 2.
OUNO LADY WITH MANY ACCOMPLISH-
X m«. t» desires a place as housekeeper in a
widower's or bachelor's home. Room 2, 223 Post.
/sition wanted by educated and
refined lady of 37, with best of reference, as
housekeeper or seamstress; is handy at any kind
of work. . 8., cox 31, Cm 1 Office.
ÜBSCRIPTIONS AND WANT ADS FOR THE
Call taken at branch office, 339 Hayes st;
open until 9:30 o'clock. .
4 TTRACTIVE YOUNG WIDOW, UNINCUM-
.A. bered, desires place an working housekeeper.
122 Post st., room 2.
"VrOUNG GERMAN WIDOW DESIRES POSI-
X tion as working housekeeper. ■ 106 Fourth
St., room 2. V ■
W COR. SIXTEENTH s-T., NEAR MlS-
sion; branch office of TH{ Call. Sub-
scriptions and want ads taken.
\\r ANTED— SITUATION AS HOUSEKEEPER
Tf by a middle-a^ed lady in widower's family;
city or country; best of references. Call at 616
Eighth St.. Oakland.
WEDISH GIRL WANTS PLACE TO DO
general housework: Jewish and American
cooking; wages $25; city references. Call Tues-
diiy and Wednesday at 1170 Market st, room SO,
fourth floor. . .
XPERIENCED HOUSEKEEPER (WIDOW)
J J wants wor.v in widower's or bachelor's house-
hold; country prefer '88 Ninth St., room 17;
hours, 11 a. m. to 9 p. »t.
'Jj'j LARKIN-BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
• J. O CALL: subscriptions an I want ada taken.
\l, - INCUE.I 1 ER HOUSE. 44 THIRD IST.. NX.
»» Market; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night;
»1 60 to s6 per week: convenient »nd respectable
iiee bus ana rai'trai-e to find from the lerrr.
. bIXUAXIUJSS \VA»X*.i> — HALL.
HUNTER .^CoT^CHINK-SE AND JAPA-
nese employment office. 17 Webb tit, below
K>arny, nr. Cal. ; teL main 231. W.C.YOUNO, m%t
/CHINESE JAPANESE: EST'D. 20 YEARS;
VVhelp:tel.maln 1997. BRADLEY&CO.. 640 Clay.
/"^HINKSK A2iU JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
V^ office; best help. 414% O'FarrelL Tel. E 426.
T APANESE INTELLIGENCE AGENCY. It
O 73, St. Ann's bllg, 6 Eddy St.: teL Main 5*234.
STRONG YOUNG AlA> WITH EXPERI-
ence as watchman wishes situation: has best
of references and can give gool security: can at-
tend to engine or do other work if desired. Ad-
aress 8. . box 1, Call Office.
VUO.NG .MAN WISHES TO LEARN BAR-
X tending; no wages expected. Bar, box 12. Call.
pARPE.NTER TV ANTS PLAIN FURNISHED
\J room In return for carpenter work or furniture
repairing, near Call building. Address S., box 13,
Call Office.
T/IRST-CLASS BLACKSMITH' ON MACHINE
X work or mining machinery desires situation.
Address B. X, box 106, Call Office.
T/IRST-CLASS HOTEL COOK AND HELPKR,
T man and wife, thoroughly competent, will take
place, -city or country; first-class references. Ad-
dress W. C. COLLINS, Cosmopolitan Hotel, Fifth
and Mission ats. . .
ARBER-YOUNG MAN WISHES EVEN-
BARBER-YOUNG MAN WISHES EVEN-
ings Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday job.
■Address P. LEICH, 112 William St.
■yoUNG MAN (23) DESIRES POSITION
X with private family; understands horses; can I
nuii. and do main gardening:, will matte himself
generally useful around place: can furnish good
references. Address E. C, box 98, Call Office. '
yODNG'MAN, HERMAN, WAN POSITION
X as janitor, porter or night watchman. X., box
ISB, ■■ all Office. . t_
STEADY, RELIABLE SCANDINAVIAN
wants work of any kind; can drive and care
foriiorses. F. A., box 82, Call Office.
OBI'R AND RELIABLE YOUNG MAN
O wants situation as porter or driver: not afraid
or work. Address H. R., box 11, Call Office, Oak-
land. ■
■youNG MAN wants A JOB as plumb-
X er: wages reasonable. Apply 48 Sacramento st.
■yOUNG JAPANESE WANTS SiTUATION TO
X do cooking and housework in a family; city;
has experience. Address H. 1., 1329 Pine a-
ITUATION WANTED BY SWEDISH
O coachman in private family: city; good horse-
man and houseworker; careful driver; knows the
care of finest carriages and harness; willing and
obliging; four years with one family; best ref- j
erence. D., box 160, this olMce.
TjARBERS— SITUATION WANTED BY BAR-
Xf ber Of 3 years' experience in some pood shop:
willing to work for small wages and do janitor
work if required; best of references. Barber, box
135, Call < Bice.
ITUATION WANTED BY YOUNG MAR-
riedmanof any kind; best of reference and
security, if required: willing to work for small
wages. Address M.JT. ALLIMaN, 623 Seventh.
TRONIi GERMAN YOUNG MAN WISHES
any kind of work; well acquainted with city.
C, box 131. ■ - ■-. .
ARDENrR, GERMAN, SINGLE, WHO
\JF thoroughly understands landscape gardening,
carpet bedding, greenhouse, ordinal and vegeta-
ble growing, and who has first-class references of
some of the best known private places in this
Mate wishes a situation in a private or public
place. Address B. 8., box 40, Call Office.
AN OF 45 (WIDUWKB), BPKAKING ITAL-
ian and English, understands the fruit and
grocery business, wishes employment at same, or
as a nurse in private or public hospital, or as a
bedmaker or gardener, or any other like occupa-
tion for very moderate wages. Address FRANK
MARTINKLLI, 600 Francisco st.
~\ MARKET ST.— BRANCUOFFICE OF THE
' Call: want ads and subscriptions taken.
ALESMaN WANTS POSITION: 8 YEARS'
O experience In groceries and general merchan-
dise; steady habits; reliable; best referenced. (_;.,
box t>4. Call Office. - . .
i . AN" AND WIFE (SWISS), WITHOUT
-'< children, wish work on dairy; man, first-class
dsirvman, run any kind cream separator: wife,
good cook: references. Address A., box 7, Call
Office, Oakland. .
■yOUNG MAN, AMERICAN, STRICTLY
X sober, wants position as watchman or porter in
hole:; best of Eastern recommendations. Address
M. G., 321 l-.lllsat. *
TjURsT-CLAKS CREAMERY MAN DESIRES
-I a position as buttermaker. creamery or city;
fiist-class references. Address .Buttermaker, 415
Brannan st. •
yoU.\6 MAN WANT* SITUATION, ANY
x kind of worK : city or country: worked 2 years
In coalyard: reference from last employer and
o'.hers. Address JOHN A. MACDONALD, 821
Fllbervtet.. Oakland.
OACHMAN OR GROOM, ETC.. BY EX-
XJ perienced and steady man; best reference* for
past 16 years. Address J. H., care of 1379 Jack-
son st., Oakland. . ,
ENGINEER WANTS SITUATION": 20 YEA
Xli experience: can do repairs, also biacksmtthiog.
Apply 227 llghthst. . ;
•>»>Q HAVES ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
• )Ot/ Thk Call; subscriptions and want ads
taken. .
RANCH OFFICE OF THK CALL. 167 NINTH
J->. st — Want ads and subscriptions taken.
■A MARKi-.T >T— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
j: Call: want a:ls and subscriptions taken.
KO7 MONTGOMERY, COi:NEK .OF CI.AY—
i»*_l open unti 9:30- o'clock; branch office of
I the Call: subscriptions and want ads, taken.
VyiNCHhSTER HOUSK, 44 THIRD ST., Nkl
Market; 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night;
$1 50 to $6 per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry. :
nCMAXiS J.I I!" WANTED.
WAITRESS, $16: LAUNDRESS, $25; TWO
second girls. $20 and $26: 12 housework
girls, city and country, $20 and $26, and young
Mrii to assist, $10 to *16. -MISS CULLEN, 3A3
Sntterst.;-'. .;■■■■■' .';: -.
CiioK,- ma VKIklI), $26: taN JOSE: $25:
secona girl, same house, $20. ' MISS CULLEN,
323 -inter st. ■-...-■ . ■ ■ ■. . ■
oLui.h D COOK, $20. MISS CULLEN. 323
. Sutter st. > --. ■,■■■•■■ . /
AID AND .vJiAMsjBhSS, SLEEP HOME,
. $20. MISS CU4.LEN, 323 Suttcr St., ■
,-VTI- AT. SKGUMJ) • GH:L, $15, SLEEP HOME.
XV MISS CI'LLES, 323 Slitter St. _. .
( •'OOK, JEWISH FAMILY, $85. MISS CUlr
V l.n, 3-J3 Sutler st. . ; /
I""RK.\CH SU..SE. COUNTRY, $^0. MISS
CULLEN, 323 gutter St.
VV' ORKING HOUSJtKKiiPKR, $20: SECOND
*' girl, $26; nurse, $20. MISS CULLEN, 323
Sutlerst. . ,*
CIOOK, MAYFIELD, $25. MISS CULLaN, 323
> Sutler st. ..-:■ •;. : ,^.-,,
OUSEKKEPKR, HOTEL, $25. MISS CUL-
LEN, 323 Sutler st
ITEI,P. WANTED— Contlnn«<l. .
0 GERMAN : SCANDINAVIAN AND FRENCH
*■> chambermaids and sewing,:. $20; 4 second
girls, $20 and $25: cook, no wash, a short dis-
tance, $30: 2 German and Scandinavian nurses,
$20 and $25: 4 cooks, German style, $25 and $30:
restaurant tress, $25: and a large number of
girls for housework. J. F. ci.oBfc.TT & CO., 316
S utter st. ■ ;
VTEAT, PROTESTANT WOMAN. CARE OF
-I-' children and general worK, institution, $20;
German or Scandinavian girl, care of children,
etc., city, $16; neat woman, general housework,
near city, *«); waitress. $20: cooks, etc MUR-
RAY <fe READY, Leading oyment Agents,
634-636 Clay at. "
\\T Al IBE -S. COUNTRY HOTEL, $20. C R.
»' HANSEX <fe CO., HO Geary st
CTIVE YOUNG WOMAN; (-OOK ON
ranch; 12 men: see party here; $20- C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 110 Geary si. . ■
CIOOK WITH REFERENCES; SMALL
J wash; $30. call early. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 110 Geary st.
Y T OUNG AMERICAN HOUSEGIRL WITH
X references-, small family; $20. C. R. HAN-
SEN & C 0.,. 110 Geary at.
ipRENCH SPE iKING HOUsp:GIRL, $20; 5
X' young «tir s. light housework, $12 to $15. C. R.
HANSEN &CO., 110 Geary 3 ■ ■
EAMSTKESS TO ASSIST WITH CHILDREN,
$15-. neat young second girl, $16. C. R. H AN-
SEN & CO., 110 Geary st. '
GIRL, WEBSTER ST., $20: GIRL, WASH-
ln.^ton st., SjO: girl, Hvae St.. $20; girl for
Milton, Cal., 520: girl, Grove St.. $15; girl, O'Far-
rell st, $15; girl, Octavia. $15: girl, Guerrero,
$15; girl, Eddy si., $15; girl, Webster St., $15;
girl, Powell st., $15; girl, l.arkin st., $15, no
housework: middle-aged woman, Berkeley, Cal.,
$10: girl for Livermore, Lai.; girl. Broadway,
$15; girl, Polk St., $15; girl. Pierce St., $15: nurse-
girl, San Mateo, Cal.; nurse girl, Clay St., £15;
girl, Suiter st, $15; 17 young girls, $8. $10 and
$12 per month, assist, etc., small families. MAR-
TIN'S, 749 Market st.
C^OOK, SMALL PLACE. $20; WAITRESS, $4
V^ a week: waitress country hotel, $20 and
room: 2 waitresses, $15 ant room, country hotels;
cook for mining camp, 820; dishwasher, $15 ana
room; waitress, city, $20 and room. MARTIN'S,
749 Market st. -'
GENT *OR INSURANCE CO., . $50 PER
month. MARTIN'S. 749 Market st.
COOKS. $25 AND S3O; MAN UPSTAIRS
Ai girl. $20: 10 girls for housework, small fi.m-
il.v. $20 to $25 MR-. HIRD. 721 Ellis st
ANTED— 3 FIRST-CLASS .SECOND GIRLS,
$25 each; Swedish housekeeper, $30; second
girl, $15; 4 housei^irls, $20 to $25. Apply AIRS.
NORTON, 315 Sntter St. !
V Of NO Gl RL FUR BAKERY; CALL EARLY;
X $12. MKS. LAMHEKT, 306 Mason at.
i, GERMAN SECOND GIRLS; G(>OD SEWER;
$20. MRS. LA MB i. 306 Mason st
t> COOKS, NOT OVER 40, GERMAN STYLE,
0 $::5 and $20. MRS. I.A.MBiRI, 306 Mason.
SALESLADIES IN c DIFFERENT DEPART-
-0 ments of a new dry-goods house to be opened
in this city early next month are wanted. U.S.
industrial Agency, room 165, Crocker building.
OUSKKr.hPr.K WANTED FOR SMALL
family; mus. be fond of children and under-
stand their requirements. J. box 13, Call office.
-\r OUNG EXA'KRIENCED LAUNDRESS;
I X steady work every Monday: private family.
Call between 9 und 12 o'clock 609 ;-:ddy »t.
OMPETENT GERMAN GIRL FOR GENER-
VJ al housework and plain cooking. 917 slitter.
YOU NO GERMAN GIRL FOR UPSTAIRS
A and sewing. 1710 Geary st.. near Webster.
/OFFICE FEE REDUCED; 25 CTS.; OIR^'OF
\J ail ijationall.les to till various positions. Ger-
man Employment Office, 306 Mason st.
L l.«I He- Its AND BUTTONHOLE MAKERS
1 on custom coats 291 Everett st, near Fourth.
\ OUNG GIRL TO ASSIST IN LIGHT HOUSE-
X work: sleep at home. 1607 Broderick st
\IR-DRESSER, STOPPING IN ALAMEDA,
please send your address again to MME.
FAL'9 I, 91/2 Stockton st.
'/ 'EKMAN OR SCANDINAVIAN GIRL FOR
" » general housework; must be good, plain cook;
w»;es $20. 210 Ninth st.
\Y' ANTr.D-GIRL, LIGHT HOUSEWORK,
»» small family, $15. Call after 12 M. 912 i/ 2
Pierce st
AAQ MINNA — FINISHER AND APPREN-
T. j:£7 lice for oustom coats.
YOUNG LADY FOR OFFICE WORK FEW
X hours each day. Address G., box 117, Call.
A PPKENTICES ON COATS. APPLY 221
A Sixth st. ' '
1R LS TO WORK IN TAILoRSHOP, ALSO
VI 10 learn. 511 Third st ■
\\J OMAN TO LKAKN BAItBER TRADE,
" paid while learning. . 8., box 14, Call Office.
\\! ANTED— FOR GENERAL HUU.-EWORK,
'» small family, competent Swedish or Nor.
wegiau girl; must be good cook: reference re-
quired. Apply- 1016 Morton si., Alameda, Nar-
row Gauge Mortou station.
PROTESTANT GIRL FOR COOKING AND
XT general housework; wages $20: reference re-
quired. 909 Broderick st. bet. 9 and 12 o'clock.
S" TRONO COMPETENT GERMAN GIRL:
must understand cooking and nous; work. In-
quire bet. 10 and 12 a. m. at 317 1 arKin at.
\\T ANTED— PUPILS FOR A PRACTICAL
'» millinery school; course thorough; class now
forming for spring work; satisfaction guaranteed;
evening lasses. 221/; Geary or 410 Leaven worth.
l) EXPERIENCED GiRL> IN PiCKLE FAC-
Zt tory. Lewis Packing Co., 625 Front st.
01 t LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THK
DXc/^Call; subscriptions and want ads. taken.
OUNG GIRL FOKTITgHT HOUSEWoRKT
616 Fourth su
IRL Oil MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN DOR
general nous* work and cooking. 736 McAl-
general uousd work and cooking. 736 McAl-
lister st
PERFECT FITTING AND sTYLIoH DRESS
JL cutting and making taught; <asv payments:
unlimited lessons; patterns 25c. |McDO WELL
J "rest-out ling Schoo', 636 Market st.
W A TED— MEN. WOMEN TO LEARN BAR-
*» ber trade; only 8 weeks required; tools given:
catalogue sen S. F. Barber School, 1515 Howard.
11 (> NINTH ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
K I D The Call; subscription and want ads
taken. '
I AWRENCE CUTIING SCHOOL IS THE
XJ only reliable place for patterns: every one
guaranteed to be perfect. 1231 Market st
W ANTED — GIRLS, FROM 11TO1. INQUIRE
IT between 3 and 5. 1103 Geary. " ■
\| OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
iVI Winchester Houso, 44 Third st, near Market:
200 rooms; 25c to $1 5J per night; $1 50 to $6
per week: tree 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
T/LYNN'S DRESSMAKING AND CUITINO
V Academy.' l 4 McAllister at. $1 a week. .-■-.--;
MALE HELP WANTED.
C~ookT~ am c r ica n " Famil y7"s3o. STis
CULLEN, '3^3 Suiter st.
\\' AITER, ?40: GKRMAN WAITER, $25
»» and room; cook, $20 nnd room; bellboy, $10
and room. MAR < INS, 749 Mar st.
AN TO GRO V BLACKBERRIES ON
shares; 2 ranchhands, $10; canvasser for
toilet articles, $60 per mouth. MARTIN'S, 749
Mark- 1 st.
\\/ AVI ED - BLACKSMITH AND WOOD-
>' worker: teams-er and wife, 8:->5: French or
Spanish drug clerk; French kitchen-man, $20;
cooks and others. Apply to J. V. CROSETT &
CO., 628 sacramento St. - ■
I FARMERS, PRUNERS AND OBCHAH D-
hands. $15 and $29: foreman for . ranch, $30:
man to herd sheep: boy to drive milk wagon, city,
$15. MUR ■; AY it lihArV, Leading Employment
Agents, 634-636 Clay st. : .-. ■ : .:■■ • . ■ .
OOK FUR AN INSTjTUTjON, COUNTRY,
$60; baker and pa-try cook, country hotel, $35
to $40; cook, $40; dishwasher, $'JU, for countiy
hotel: waiter who can make salads for country
hoiei: pantryman for an institution, country,
$.5: short-order and oyster cook, restaurant, $45;
porter, country hotel, $20. ,C R. HANSEN &
CO., 110 Geary street. '
»> J-.XPERItNCEKME.N TO kuN BURLKIUH
/- dr.lls. C. R. HANSEN <fc CO., 110 Geary st.
WA ITE I. COUNTRY HOTEL; $25. R.I.
WARD 608 and 610 Clay st.
\\f ANTED — OFL-'ICj-.-BoY: REFERENCES
• TT required. Apply from 8:30 to 9 a.m., room
416, Parrott bulldiug. .
Ei-P IN *LL DEPARTMENTS OF A NEW
JZL dry-goods house to be opened in this city
early next month is wanted.- U. "S. Industrial
Agency, roo.i. 165, l.rocKer building. .; .
\\l ANTED— YOUNG MAN WELL RECOM-
'» mended for grocery-store. R. &., box 2. •
C/\ CANVASSER- KOit CITY. CALL. BET. 9
D\J and 4 a. 113 Valencia at. .
GOOD PAINTER, STACK HAND, WANTED
by 8 A. m. : Call 407 Brannan.
/"I OOD BOOTBLACK WA N I ED FOR BARBER-
\X snop. / Cur. California and Devisadero sts. •
\\r ant>;d— iiutii-cLAss ■ cabinet-mak-
' » ers with bench and tools. 1602 California.
"PRESSMAN ON CU&TOM COATS; bTEADY
X work. 291 Everett St., near Fourth. :•.-■;
4- "I ~ a mo.nth AND BOARD To a SOBER
«3T' 1« ) youug man who can advance $lv>o on good
security, ci, oox 84, Call ■. ilice.
ANT^D-DRUGCLuRK; RELIEF; GRAD-
uate: references, etc. Address Clerk, box Si,
Can Office. ■■■-■-. ; ■ ■?•
GOOD COOK WANTED FOR RESTAURANT.
1807 Halght st. ; call early ;
-ORDER COOK. 427 LARKIN =>T. rt - t
~A PPRENTIO. TO A BARBER; GOOD AD-
A vantages offered. Apply 325 Bryant. -
\\: ANTED-CLOr-HiNG-CUTiER. . 20 BAN-
some st.
HETWKEN 14 AND 17 YEARS OF AGE.
Apply at 200 Gutter st. , -
OOTBLaCK-S>TA> D. COMPLETELY FUR-
nlshetl, for rent, j 737% Market st.
RECRUITS WANTED FOR THE U. S. MA-'
XX rine Corps, U. S. Navy— Able-bodied unmar-
ried men be. ween the. ages of 21 and 30 years
who are citizens of the; United S.ates, or those
who have legally declared their: intention to be-
come such; must be of good character an habits
and able to speak, read and write English and be
between 6 feet 6 inches and 6 feet >in heleht. For
further information apply at the Recruiting Office
20 Ellin |U, San Francisco, Cal , < ■ ■ '
HELP WAJfTEP— Contlmiwil.
-tin NINTH ST. — BRANCH OFFICE OF
110 Thk Call: subscription and want ads.
taken. :■■■•■ ■
TO PROCURE AND SELL YOUR PATENTS
1 quickly. Hall of Inventions. 216 Sansome st.
OTENOGKAPHUTSPEED CLUB NOW BEING
O organized at Heuld's Business college. 24 Pos:
St.: the club will meet two evenings each wee*
(Tuesday and Thursday); club lees 91 fiOarnoiu...
l > a uith'iis' I'KOTI'CTI VK' UNION k.MPIAJY
B ment^r^/cONRAD TROKLL. »W» M
L.AKBKR— FOR EMI'LOYMKNI CAU sKC.
-D P. C Earbfrs' Assn. *. t LCH>. rf^-5 »'rantav*
rOURNi^YMEN BARr.KR»' t..JI-Lo..Ua-s.
J ferretarr .it. BERNARD. .o'^ >^veiitii st.
ARBERS-3 .REVOLVING CHAIRS AND
fixtures for sale, almost new, on account of re-
moval. 921 Market st. • ■• '__
(D.l in 2-CHAIR BARBKR SHOP: GOOD
«Sb L-iU. location; receipts $16 a week; rent
$10; a trial given. 24 Montgomery St., room 1.
rpWO-CHAIR B »KBEK-SH.OP . Foil SALE
i- cheap; good location. 415 Hayes st.
. i^ARBEK-SHOP,- $125; 4 LIVING-ROOM&;
1> rent only Apply Call Office.
LCHOHOI -,-, Bti3Vi MARKE J 1 ST.— P-OoMd
20c, 25c to 50c night; $1 to $2 weeK.
Oil Q MISSION — SUBSCRIPTIONS AND
-ul O want ads taken for THE CALL.
IJOOMS 16c To 75c Fi.lt NIGH * ; 6OC TO *1 5J
JX per week. Oriental. '-'25 Dmmm st.
QINGLEFURNISHU.D ROOMS; 16c ANIGHT:
0 75c week. Llndell House, Sixth and Howard.
NTED-4 MEN To SOLICIT ON A NEW
plan; no goods to carry; salary if preferred.
156 Filth st. ■ .
TYLISH AND DURABLE CALF SHOES;
our own make: «1 75. 959 Howard, nr. Sixth.
,'ANTr.D-LA BORERS AND MECHANICS
"to know that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third St.: 15<J
Urge rooms: 'Jsc per night; $1 to $3 per week.
YV ANT ADS AND SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
'» Thk Call are taken at Branch office, south-
west corner sixteenth and Mission sts,
W'l ANTED.TU (JOLi.ECT WAUJia DDE LABOR
ergifeclerk^. KNOX Collection Atrcy. llosuttsr
OKI Q MISSION ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
liuiO The Call; subscriptions and want ada
taken.
SIMON WANTS 100 MhN To i.XT 801-
-. tie beer or wine sc : best free lunch. 643 Clay.
fPRY ACME HOUSE. 857 MARKET ST., BK-
-1 low Sixth, for a- room: '-?><■ a night: $1 a weelc
OSEDALK, 321 ELLIS ST.— SINGLE FUR-
Xt nished rooms, L'Oc to 25c night, $1 to $1 50 wk.
L'OK FULL AND CLEAN 100 Mr.AL Oil
S- coffee and cakes 5c no to 13V^ Grant aye.
E>T IN CITY— SINGLE ROOMS, Ift, 20 AND
1 > 25 cents per night: $1, $1 25, $1 50 per week.
Paeiric House, commercial and I.eidesdorff sis.
\\T INCHESTKK HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST., NR.
'» MarKei: 200 rooms, 25c a night: reading-
room: free bus and ba-»e»ge to and from the terry.
I i-k/» jIEN TO TAKE LODGING AT 10c. 150
lvU and 20c a night, including coffee and rolls. .
624 Washington st. , near Kearu I.1 '.
ANTED— AN IDEA: WHO CAN THINK OJ?
some simple thing to patent? Protect your
ideas ; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN & CO., Dept. L, Patent Attor-
neys, Washington. D. C. for ttaelr $litt>4> yriM
offer and list of 200 inventions wanted.
ANTEdI-SIN(jLE rooms, iso A day: $1
week; rooms for 2, 25c a day. $1 50 a wee*;
reading-room: daily papers. 36 Clay st.
ANTED. YOUR SHOES— WE REPAIR
shoes up to 9 o'clock every night; those work-
Ing through the day can have their snoes repaired
•1 night while you wait: ladies' soling, 35c; men'i
soling, 60c; fine shoes made to order from $2 up:
we have a to*, of shoot been damaged by water, its
less than one-fourth ' their value, from 25c up to
$2 50. 562 Mission St., bet. First m. unit Second s:
A<* liN 'iS V>A.MIiD.
WANTED — LADY AND GENTLEMAN
agents to se 1 our transparent knives and
goods; good wages made: also best mopwrioger,
pail and mop: send stamp for circulais. Address
MAJOR A. VIGNOs, Canton, Ohio.
ADY AM- GENTLEMEN SOLICITOUS t OR
musical ass' elation: city Or country; $50
mouth; references. Address P.O. box 362, Oak-
land. .
GENTS'FOR MERCHANT TAILORING ES
tab'.ishment; only, experienced need apply.
525 Geary st.
A GENTS— A BOOK THAT OUTSELLS ANY
J\ publication since Grant's book is "General
Miles' Personal Recollections"; every one wants
the book written by the commnnder-ln-chief of the
United Sta'.es army; first agent's commission
$22 In 3 hours. E. PERSON, manager subscrip-
tion department, Tne Whliaker dc Ray Company,
728 Market st. '
>. ii ii..> IT »j At Aai' Kit. .
TT'URNITURE, STOVES. CARPETS, COUN-
X I ters, showcases. ANDERSON, 1121 Market.,
"O IGHER I'IUC IHAiN AXVWiIWitjiPAIU
XI by inuiaikH Auction Co, 1057 Market.opp.Jone*
IF YOU WANT "GOOD PRICKS FOR
J ture and mr-r rmnalse s»»f BUKr>. 211 Laricln.
. FLATS WANTED.
N^ : URNIsHErroBr FURS isiIETTFirATr?
U4 or 5 rooms: kitchen, bain: cheap: located
bet. Mason and Octnvia, Hayes and Post sts.: by
steady f- •■ nts. S. CA RO. room V. Pholan b dg.
HOUSiiS WAMTKI), '
Ail/^sR ; El>^T^rhrE^ r r7FU^N^H^^^
'' or flat of 5 rooms. Room 613, Parrott bilg.
IiOOiW \» A> X
Xarge^ uSTfijrni^hed rooms for
llcht housekeeping by man and wife: sunny:
bet. Stockton. Tayior, Sutter and O'Farreil. sis.
Address B. D M.. box 72.
• > AM tl)-illSCiiLl,A.Sl-;t)f'(.
a^t^d^TScon^hX?TjTg\ls^l7n^en^
gine, 8 or 10 horse-power; also, hoisting gear;
Address E., box 114, Call Office. >
UILDINUS JiuMiU'l; LUMBi-.R, SASrtES,
X> doors, mantels. We., for sale. 1166 Mission su
CELL YOUR BOOKS, t'LOTHI.VU AND JEW-
iT? <.lrv 10 a. KLEIN. 109 sixth st.: scnrl r**»t<*l.
LI)tVAIIO>'AL.
H BALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST—
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, telegraphy, languages, English branches,
electrical engineering; -0 teachers: 15,000 gradu-
ates; day and evening sessions; catalogue.
YKES 1 , THE LEADING COLLEGE, Xii
Montgomery St.; individual instruction la
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.:
life scholarship $50: low rate) tier . week and mo.
ADY TEACHES PIANO AND MANDOLIN
thoroughly: 50c a lesson; excellent Dian island
accompanist, entertainments, parties. 12U9 Octavla
IJOOKKEEPINU THOROUGHLY IN o WEEKS
1) or year's course free; only accountant teachinc
TARR, room 572, Parrott Emporium building.
RS. MELVILLE S YDE R, 2517% CALI-'
fornia — music, piano and elocution;
practical acttne; vocal classes. $1 per month.
TIEHL'S SHORTHAND AND BUSINESS
College, 723 Market st. ; students trained: office
situations secured ; lowest rates or credit for tuition.'
NGlNJvcltlNU SCHOOL; MECH., ELKC.,
civil, mining, survey, assay, archlt.. X ray
taueht-.es. 1864. A. VAN DERNAILLKN.723 Mkt
tLABCu'o LV »Jl-. U ii bCiiOOL \Jf AC'iliNtr—
I > Private theatricals arranged; pupils reheanwl
on Ptttge. R. 6 and 12, 1. O. O. F. block. 7th and Mkt
DESCRIPTIONS AND WANT ADS FOR THE
Call taken at branch office, 339 Hayes st.;
open until 9 : 30 o'clock.
AN JO. MANDOLIN AND GUITAR THOK-
oughly taught at 50c per lesson. PROF. AP-
PLEBY. 214 Ellis st. :
BANJO, PIANO. MANDOLI AND Ul lTAii
thoroughly tanght; lessons 50c. 125 Tenth st.
RAWING AND PAINTING TAUGHT; EU-
ropean artist; $5 mo. 305 Larkln, r. 105; p m.
INGING; PIANO; PARIS GRADUATE;
French, German languages: $2 mo. 109 Taylor.
r OICE, DRAMA, ORATOkY; PRIVATE AND
class. Prof.RO^-?, Donohoe bldg;l2 to 1, 7 to 8.
L»ROF. L. KA.nKIN — VIOLIN. MANDOLIN
I mandola; terms reasonable. 225Geary,nr. Powell
GUiIAR. .\!AM/ulii.>, i-iAiNu aMi VoL'ak
lessons. $3 mo. Mary Weslhaus. 39 Fifth.
OOKKPNG. WKITNG, ARITHMTC. GKAMR,
day A night: DOela<»«; $5 month. 845 Mission.
* CAKi'Jb.f CLiIANIXO.
CITY RTEAM CARPET CLEANINxTwORKS^*
cleans, moves, lays carpets. G. H. STEVEN*
Mir. 38 and 40 i Ignth at.; telephone South 256. v
\\f HEN YoU 81-.CO.Mr. DISGUSTED WITH
" poor work send toSPAULDING'S PloneerCar-
pet-beating Works, 353-57 Tehamast.; tel. So. 40.
/ 'AKPETS CLEANED & X RENOVATKD LIKE
Vnew. 23T«mh; tel. South 3ft- Mackintosh & Co.
.1- V ' Hl!ilj^ CARPET-*. LEANING CO..
0 . 240 14th su ; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mis. 74.
rAARPET-CLEA.MNO. 3c: LAYING, 3c: RUG
\J samples free; tel. Jessie 944. Stratton, 19 8tii si
C O £?&£ >a , CAi 'l > » < -T- BEATING ' WOKKv
l±. SzS Golnen Onto pvp. Te >-r>lionp Kast IJQ.
AIIOKNEKS-Al-LAW. ~~~~
A DVTCE FREE— DIVORCE LAWS A SPECI-
f*- aity; private; no charge unless successful; all
lawsuits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc at-
■tended G. w. HOWE, at>'y-at-law. 850 Market!
C O "n S £ IE^ NTIOUS ' RELIABLE ATTORNEY:
V ii bu * 1 ness strict v confidential; terms real
L.E.PHILLIiVS.9I-2 BupremeCourt^ld,3Os Larkln
ADVICE FREE; NO CHARGE UNLESS SUC-
-1 -^^ cessfu.. J. G. JEFFRh-SS. 632 Market, rm.23.
P W -KING. CHRONICLE BLDG; CONSUL-"
J-t/. ■ tatlon free: probate: all cases: fees low.
ADVICK FKIiK: iNO CHAKGii UNLESS
cessf ul. W. , W. DAVIDSON 927 Market a'-
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. DON NELL, 1206 MARKET, COR.
uoldeaOate ay. ; aiseases 01 women a specialty-.
■ '.'■.•■'■'"i; ■ ' - ' - ■ . " .' . ... - ...
I?rR^WKS^ CRAJTCKX.
QfiAA FIRST-CLASS RESTAURANT; NR.
tITUUU. racetrack. H. C. DECKKR, 10-0
Market st.
CIOFFEE saloon and RESTAURANT;
> must be sold. DECK ER. 1020 Market st. \
Q!.Q(WI " A .MANUFACTURING BUSINKS-^4
<POUl>. large profit. Ap. PECKER, 1020 Mi!, 1
"DAKTNER; PHOTOGRAPH KH PREFER-
X red: established photo developing and Qnisar
Ing; $250 rtqnlred. DKCKr X, 1020 Market t*.
<£Q.";A STATIONEIIY. CANDY AND NO-
*IFVtJ\.r tlon store. DECKER, 1020 Market st. .
I -AttGAl *s THIS WEEK AT THE ttELIA-
-L» blt-onicesof HKALV & CO, 23 Kearny s;.
*rench i:quor-6;ore at invoice p ice.
Dairy produce and fancy grocer. etc.. kept by
present owner 12 years: living-rooms: $250.
«.ii.T Knch bakery, candy, stationery, notions,
cigars, etc; 4 livitig-iooms; near -Uarket; $125.
#500 TH « La «gest coal business
-ii«rk- ~\ Berkeley; yards, wagon.l, bOISM,
?-nnm» etC , ; _ nil ' mt >«Tship ticket to Alan.eia
coumy loal Dealers' Association; value $200:
business pays *1 30 per month? will give reaso s
for soling. Apply STEPHEN L. HARRIS, 238
Montgomery st. City, at 8 : 45 a. m.
JEWELRY. BUSINESS IN THE BOOMING
0 mining town of Sonora: preui»st store in
town; reason for selling tailing hea h: will reduce
stock. Address R., box 72. (.all Hue.
CvPABLfc. WOMAN WISHES TO TAKE
VJ charge of laandry work-, thoroughly under-
stands the business; beat of reference ABC
167 Ninth st. • ' "*
wTOCK OF groceries; BAR AND fix-
i^ 1 tures; good chance; investigate. Cor. UyUa
and Post sis.
AKERY AND STATION SELLING «>>?
account of sickness; would sell fixtures. 182&B
Howard st.
EAT MARKET USING 2% bEEVKS, 8
sheep. 1 hog, etc: this is a snap; owner has
another business. Butcher, box 9, Call.
(T>r^/\ CORNER A LOO ON FOURTH. ST. :
tjpcMU. sickness cause selling. Inquire CalL
pi f\f\ WAN 1 i.O— y 8 INti-.R-iST In GOOD"
O\J\J mine claim; money to haul the ore to
mill. 1359 Stevenson St., hours 7t012 a. St.-
SPAC - FO.'v LUNCH BUSINESS; RENT
free first mon.h. t>39 California st.
/-IOALYARD FOR S.iLK: GoOD LOCATION!
\J 4 horses; 2 wagons. Inquire 1783 Mission st.
KSTAURANT NEATLY FITTED UP: MUST
be sold: great sacrifice: see It. 45 Third at.
-VI IN G-OF.FI • E; $700*; A BARGAIN. AD-
X dress >. M., box 55, Call. .
TO CARPENTERS AND MJ.LLMEN— TO A*
practical man a first-class opportunity presents V
itself to establish a paying nuslness in a location J
where there will be practically a monopoly of mill-
work and building: cash required $2000. for par-
ticulars see CHAS. W. POPE, room 43, Crocker
building .
RANDSBURG DEVELOPMENT CO. WILL
sell V 3 Interest in Its property and business for
$8000 cash; money wanted to extend the business
of comp'y: mining, real estate, commission. Oscar
T. Shuck, 509 Kearny, E.F. Bean.Randaburg. Ca:.
ANTED AT ONCE— ACTIVE PARTNK ti
in established, paying general agency busi-
ness; $60 a month salary and share 01 profit*;
only $75 cash, balance can be paid out of busi-
ness; full value in sight. 215 sansome, room 11.
d].Q-n STEADY AND RELIABLE MaN IN
tJpO»-)l/. general contracting business: no for-
mer experience necessary; no risk: plenty of con-
tracts: too much for one man. L. M., box 100,
tills office. ' '
UTCUKK - SHOP: ESTABLISHED BUSl-
ness; for Sile cheap. Apply New Klectrio
Market, 4066 Twenty-fourth st . near Castro.
PKACTiCAL MECHANIC AND INVENTOR
X wants PArtner with a few hundred dollars to
assist in testing and patenting an invention that
promises a iortune. Address S. R., box 91, Ca I.
<sj(W|<k SALOON: BARGAIN; GOOD LOCA-
<JT | »7UU. lion: good fixt ri's: good business. In-
quire McLEOD & HATJK. 517 Market st.
"l-'OR SALE— SALOON DOING GOOD BUM.
X ne-s: owner going to Alaska; no agents. Ad-
dress Call Office.
OK NEIL SALOON: OLD - ESTABLISHED
yj business. Apply Chicago Brewery, 1420 Pirns.
/GENTLEMAN PARTNER WANTED~BY A
VJ lady of means, i-:oom -. 223 Post st.
A LOON POR SAI.K-rAPPLY AT ANCHOR
brewery. 1431 Pacific st.
s'.intinc; material for sale cheap
at 8 Montgomery aye., room 14.
A LOON FOlt SALE, 3398 MISSION ST.,
0 northwest corner i bir.ieth. .
VERY CHEAP: CORNER GROCERY AND
V saloon. 331 Sixth St., corner Clara.
. T-CLASS RKTAIL BUTCHER- SHOP j
-T for sale; fine location: paying well; good lease:
low rent; good horses,' wagons, etc.: everything
first class. Fur particulars cail or address Butcber
2924 v lay st.
1 -OR SALE— T AM ALE PARLOR; CENTRA L-
i ly located: pays $80 clear; nicely fitted; $350:
full investigation given. Box 8, Call Office, Oak-
lund.
SALE— AT A. BARGAIN, THE STOCK
-I fixtures and good will of the Senator saloon.
124 deary St. Apply at premises b«t. 2 and 6 P. v.
IpOR SALE— RESTAURANT HAT IS DOING /
1 a steady and fair business; rent moat-rate; lo- I
cation good. Call at 654 Mission, about price. : I s
ARTNER IN GOOD CASH BUMNES«j'
X good outside trade; small capital. 223 Fourth.
(£■7^ COFFEE •PA 1. LOR] NE A R CAK-
•3S I O. house .-cheap rent. Inquire 1200 Webster.
p ROCERY AN D BAR; $750: 3-YKAR LEASE.
VJ HILBERT BROS., ton Powell and Ellis sts.
ESI AURANT T~?f GOOD LOCATION;
XV clears $100 per month. 642 Clay st.
GENTLEMAN PARTNER WAN BY
VT young widow of means. 104 -Mason st.
JOB PRINTING OFFICE; COST $2500; A
bargain, $830. 4 California st., room 5.
OH < MISSION — SUBSCRIPTIONS AND
£.01. 0 want ads taken for Thk Call.
OQQ HAVES— BRANCH .OFFICE OF THE
OfJfJ Call; subscriptions and want ads taken.
01STEK, COFFEE and CHOP HOUSE; A
desirable place of business: neatly fitted up;
rent reasonable, with lease. 2iy 2 Ninth st.
"5j»77m VERY cheap: A NEAT SALOON;
*$)£>\J\J. low rent; good location. Inquire 120
Montgomery aye.
GROCERY AND BAR FOR SALE CHEAP
on account of other business; no opposition.
Apply this office.
O/1 I l\ GKARY— CO.aJLYARD FOR SALIi, Oil
illy lease without stock.
AIRY PRODUCE ROUTE, HORSE AND
wagon, for sale cheap account of other busi-
ness. Apply 52 Seventh st,
UTCHKK - SHOP : ESTABLISHED BUs£
ness: for sale cheap. Apply New Electric
Market, 4066 Twenty-fourth St., near Castro.
IF YOU WANT TO SELL YOUR SALOON OR
grocery for spot cash address D., box 120, Call.
Ci-Unn AURANT; COST $600; BAR-
<POV/U. gain; rooms; no agents. R., box 18, Call.
\i EWoPAJfitK i.uui'ii i-N i.sifiiuuu cirv
1' close to San FtmncUux *or paruculars atuu.y
this office. *^
I/or SALE— SMALL restaurant, CALL
£ 1429 Market SU . •
C»l>F.i\ PAYING CIGAR-STOR-. OTHEH
*W>OQ\r. business Inquire 1001 Mission m.
i-OIiGINO-UOIISKS J-OK SALE.
DECKER'S BARGAINS ' H
27-rOOm house $700 22- room house... $500
room house.. 150 24 rooms, corner. 760
65 rooms, cor... 3,000 14 rms on Sutter. 700
•11 rs., must sell 20 J 66 rms, best city. 3,
H. C. DECKr R, 1020 Market st., opp. Fifth.
(JUQ,^/\ H ROOMS: SUNNY CORNER i
«E)O«JV/. rooms all rented.' For sale by H. CIS
DECKER, 1 020 Market st. W
00-ROOM HOUSE ON POST >TBEKT AT
__ your own 1 rice. DECKKR, 1020 Market st.
ni ROOMS NORTH OF M.. 1— 1 in Al'
ZiX rent, paying well. H. L.. box 83, Call office.
A 10 ROOMS ML VAN NESS AYE.; $100
. cash, balance easy terms; price $450.
SPECK & CO.. 602 Marketat. ■ ; .
A 30 ROOMS NR. NEW CITY HALL; ONLY
.$lOOO. sPi.CK &CO.. 602 Market st.
40 ROOMS; PRESENT OWNER CLEARED
. 43000: $1000 down, or .xchan.'e for home
In Oakland or Alaineda: price $2500." Si'ECK &
CO.. 602 Market sL
RE AT BARGAINS jN LODGING-HOUSE-J
this week; 150 bouses, from $200 to $3000.
UNDERWOOD <fe CO., 765 Market st.
E WANT BKANCu HOUSE MANAGERS
in largo towns. Men who mean business and
want large returns 01 small outlay may audresi
CARL, box 91, Call Office. -. ■
FINE LODGING- HOUSIc7~32 ROOMS; ONl'>
of the best locations in the city: satisfactory
reasons for selling. 704 ■ Howard St., cor. Third.
OUGING-HOUSE. 1 ROOMS: SUNNY:
corner: making money: sacrifice: owner leav-
ing city for the south: see It. Apply 217 Second st.
<5!71»n 21 ROOMS; ALi> ON ONE FLOOR;
,<IP I \I\J. doing good business. Apply Call Office.
ING-HOUSE FOR SALE— 3S ROOMS.
■Li 617 Mission st.: cheap. •
iiO FURNISHED ROOMS FOR -« ALE CHEAP,
xO, on account of departure 916 Howard st.
jc UKNIXUIUi iOil SAijS.
A(\t\ CARPETS: CHAMBER SBiS, $14:
tUI/ stoves. $5: parlor sets, $20; folding-bed %
$10: bar outfit*. T. D. MCCARTHY. 764 Missioa.
T L. J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH. FOR
lowest prices on household goods: new or good
ss new; cast or on time: open evenings. 1
toil F UKTII— FURNITURE OF HOUSE fl
OoU. rooms and bath; reasonable] 1
BUCKINGHAM FURNITURE CO. — LOWEsr
J ' pners: furniture. carpets: all crades. 886 MIS'*'
PROFESSIONAL. CAKI>B.
JOHN E. ivICHAKDS, LAW OFFICES KOOM?
O 26 and 27, Crocker building; leiepnoua Main
76. Kan 'Francisco, CaL ',- ....
1 OHN K. AITKEA" AND MAURICE L. ASHEK.
O atiys ai law. mis 515. 6 la sth floor. Parroit old*
4wS?v?iM 8 t FOR B CENTS -TH» -
*a- vy hk.h*±. \ CAl. l.. in wraooer. lor m*iUM.norsv.* TO i.ft. ,
HOUSE OF 4 ROOMS, REAR 1310 I.ARKIN
•st. Apply 1318 Lartcln at.
P.T>,\ GOLDEN GATE VK.. NEAR VAN
»J_») Ness— Rent reduce! from. sss 10 $45: fine
1 •window house; it rooms: suitable for a doctor.
I J ]OtsE 8 ROOM S: YARD; FINE VIEW.
#y L Lombard st , rear Hyde; rent $16.
♦ WO|| 2814 LAGUNA; HOUSE 6 KOOK&
«3T— "'• $16—1835 Union: corner; 4 rooms.
.$14— 1b33 Union: 4 rooms.
2^.0 (CALIFORNIA ST.. NEAR PIERCE— «
_.> _, rooms, bath; basement with laundry;
rent $30.
ROOMS; .)33b s.-.COND ST.: $15 PKii
month. Key at 539 ecomi st.
7 ROOMS; 537b Sr.OOND s>T. ; 817 Ph.R
1 'mo ith. Key at 539 Second st.
C ROOMS; NK W HOUSE; MODERN IM-
*J provements; 4o Federa s.; $15 per month to
desirable tenants. Key at 539 - ero st-
uf &!'..*> To luvnT i<oit VtHV l^ll'im
HyUsr.a at B__i)WlX >- V_KV LITILK
monoy fit L-i—Dulj* _ iiA__luNi>'!i lj
Montyomg— • « '
HKMSHED HOUSKS.
X'URNISHED IIOU>E OF 10 ROOMS AND
-T bath for sale. 622 Sacramento st.
tUi'IAU-j lv _._.X.
Qn RE AR CoTT_tGE. S^ROOMS; NO ill:;-
-tJpU. dren. 715 Tehama si., near Eighth.
OTIAGK; 4 ROOMS: LARGE YAKD. 2i4
J Coliing«ood St.. bet. 19. h am! 20tb.
SUNNY COTTAGE: 5 ROOMS; BATH: HA F
ment: yard: rent cheap. Dolores and ±11-
-teenth.sts. -
ei^ NICE COTTAGE 6 ROOMS; BATH:
- tglt). sunny; yard; cellar. Key 7 : 1 Treat aye.
Q1 A COTTAGK; N. DX Oil V\ ENTI ETH
_• tipJU. St.. near Ca^iro. ______———
rtltMsHlil) FLATS.
4 ROOMS OF FLAT: NICKLY FURNISHED
for housekeeping. 1023 V- 1" st.
_ LAU '**-> Li.l.
C-l n~ilTvi isD .-a i-i.Ai- ,OF 4 ROOMS.
& 1 __. 1384 xtevetisoa.fcear Thirteenth.
.AT EAR CITY HALL- Lfc-GANT TOP HAT,
JN 6 room , bath: renu $25 145 Grove street.
Vich; JJAY-WINDOW flat, 4 ROOMS. 14
JN Moss St., bet. Sixth and Seventh, nr. Howard.
• >T n - l-KLL-2 ILATS-, 4 ROOMS EACH;
(r,'- batu, large basement, and yards; $15
pl'O bath, large basement and yards; 415
¥ »nd 816.
\ no.i CALIFORNIA, KEY 2818— 6, SUNNY
* _C_rU rooms and bath; modern; rent $30.
CUNNY FLAT NICELY FURNISHED. 706
0 Van Ness aye.
"^7^ UPPER FLAT, 5 ROOMS. APJfLY -'643
C* i . Bryant St.. near Twenty-fifth.
T^r-r MCALLISTER- 1 FLAT OF 7 ROOMS
010 and bath: terms reasonable.
11) i D KDIiY ST.— 6 ROOMS AND BATH;
_1O furniture for sale cheap.
'of i' GROVE ST., NEAR gough— sunny
ODO flat, 5 rooms and bath.
/"IONVENIENT 5-ROOMFLAT: BATH. COR-
V' 1 ncr Nineteenth and Hartford sts ; Castro cars.
-f\ FOLSOM— IO SUNNY ROOMS; RENT
< U $22; water free. UMBSEN, 14 Montgom-
ery su .
FLAT; ft ROOMS AND BATH: SUNNY BELT:
$15 per month; 2610 Va Mission st. Apply 844
Capp st. "
WANT GOOD TENANT; HALF MONTH
'» free: 4 rooms; tath; $10. 1063% Broadway.
ATfcW SUNNY UPPER FLAT: 4 ROOMS; 3175
i.i 25th, cor.Folsom. J. A.ULRICH.4I rocker bL
»li> AND 624 UAJGHT ST.— 2 FLATS OF 6
— •— and 7 rooms, with bath; cheap rent to good
tenant. Apply to 1838 Ellis st.
4) NICE FLATS: 4 GOOD ROOMs EACH;
— 1 cheap rent. 524 Sixth St., near Bryant.
*l"I GKAKY — 4 UNFURNISHED ROOMS,
«- 1 0 suitable for business Key 217 Geary St.
1A 41 FULTON— EX IRA FINK N_W UPPER
I *±_. flat? rooms; oath; $35.
O I Q AND $20: MODKKN FLATS, 5 AND 6
olu rooms. 94 and 96 Belcher su, near S. end
yillmore.
-ROOM FLAT; FKDEHAL PLACE, OFF FED-
er-1 st.: to a tenant without children; $10 per
. month. Key at 539 >econd st.
(_ 1 I LOVELY bUNNY FLAT 6 ROOMS,
Cli, bath and gas. 3928 Nineteenth st., beu
Noeand Sanchez.
HEAP MODERN FLATS, 5 AND 6
rooms, $8 to $16; see them. 523 a Seventh st.
17>LATS TO KENT FOR VJiRY LITTLK
: money at BALDWIN _ HAMMONirab 10
iiionTtorpsn* «r'.
J_w_ __._.__._» J_N_- iiOOJlai.
Clay Street.
1 nor: CLAY — SUNNY FRONT ROOMS:
lOOt) closets, bath; convenient; furnished or
k unfurnished: low rent; single inrnisbed room, $5.
In- furnished; low rent: single lurnished room, $5.
tiidy Street.
3 EDDY, COR. POWELL - NICELY FUR-
nlshed rooms, $1 50 up; housekeeping priv-
lieges.
*7 i Q EDDY-FURNISHED BACK PARLOR,
*-lO $8; double tide room, $7.
. ' a mil mi eel.
Ql A FIFTH — SUNN Y~FRONT BAY-WIN-
Ol" do room; kitchen; bath; no children; $12.
Fifteenth Street.
IP] A FIFTEENTH— SUITE HOUSEKEEPG
. 1011/ rooms: also single rooms; oath; gas: sun.
Fulton Street.
I 1 n FULTON— LA LIGHT HOUSE-
. _. JLD keeping room cheap.
•1 1 /_• FULTON — LARGE SUNNY FRONT
I 1 D room: good for housekeeping: complete.
Golden Gate Avenue.
Qf\O GOLDEN GATE-LARGE ALCOVE AND
CUO kitchen for housekeeping; other rooms.
_ow_rd Mreo..
rrr\ * HOWARD. COR. FINKLYFUR-
I Un: nlshed rooms: also sunny housekeeping.
-j -I OQI HOWARD-SUNNY FRONT SUITE
lIZO3 nicely furnished for housekeeping;
bath, etc.; »12.
liyde Street.
Pf\Q HYDE— 3 ROOMS COMPLETELY FUR-
'('.'•' n'sned for housekeeping; separate en-
trance: $18.
oe.s>ie rtreoi.
'Ol 1 JESSIE, NEAR SEVENTH— 4 ROOMS;
D—Li rent $9.
[•Xii j"ESSI_T— 2 NICE FLOORS OF 3 ROOMS
UO\J each; unfurnished: rent $11 and *12 each.
uones street..
OA'P JONES, COR. FILBERT-3OR 4 HUN-
— '<)\J D y uniurnuhed rooms; conveniences;
very heap.
l._rki_ rue..
joqlarkin— sunn y;furnished rooms
M_t/ complete for housekeeping; terms mod.
McAllister Street.
JO9 MCALLISTER ST. — HOUSEKEEPING
_1~~ rooms; also front room.
*'-■ '' Minna Street.
"^ 5?)4 "-'A-NICE SUNNY FRONT ROOM;
\f ■v v" : llab * 'or 2 gentlemen or man and wife;
3___ a * p j n g.
• * . Mission Street.
868^« ? lOX - TW -' FURNISHED HOUSE-
\ U " U kee PiPg_rooms complete
2724 li^ 10S ' - tAR TWENTY-THIRD—
water- era." irjy ba >- window room: running
forho'nse>e'>-V,4 M; CoDliecUD X room; complete
Montgomery Street. I
':. b2l^ T^\:^OK. CLAY -OPEN
Call; subscription,' r ' ranc office of Ihi
— — _!Zz ; v ' lT " «<ls taken.
' °" - r.,«..
■ •715r,°,gL ( . C af S J_;a-2 FRONT ROOMS
: . I!^f^iP"manen-. parties.
■ '• .. ' llu «»J^reet.
; lj_____^_______^^ie^p l -
Mre^TT~ ~"
r-l c 6ECOND-4 FCRXISHPn on
010 housekeeping; kitcuea 5 ?, nOOMSI for
room^; rent $14.- ' ! ' " riOr and 2 Ded-
Seventh Mr^~
lOC SEVENTH-1"~KOOM vl r KTV
- 100 Pished forhoniekefepng; ,),,. V I>DJEU
u.ir(iM. eo ' ■
1 4Q THIRD — SUNNY " n OIISn . c
J tO rooms; compete; first _fL^K^ || EF -PINQ
'I— «Uth Stre^ - —
1 Ap T\-_LFTH-__B_E AND WPT r r-
ov.tS. nl3htd „«,_? S^l
HU > AVUUUei '
V J K1 O VAN NEVJS-PUNNY Pvptod t>r
(.-".I Q VAN NESS- $26; alsojurn,^ „
010 nnfurmsherl: 826; also f urnUh.-d JTVS° R;
I 1 fi9 1 VAN NKBS AVE—sirNTv^rFr-^— -
\ IUZi I rooms and kitchen, gas raiu-i f™^
rent $22 50. •-. ' sas rall comj)iet»;
»O>,J», lo LKi.
\ . •^tJystreetr~ ~~~ v '
O-l - EDDY-NICELY KORNIS H
-j I < front and back i arlor; rem "isor^b^
J I OV _le^antly fmnished largs b -v vi . '~
rooms; references requUed. - arge o<i y-wiuaow
BOOMS TO _ET— Continued.
Clementina Street.
09 CLEMENTINA, BUT. FIRST AND SEC-
O— ond— s unfurnished ipoms to let.
_ighth Street.
QHERMAN APARTMKNT HOUSE. S8 BTH
0 su. near Market: iurnlshei and unfurnished.
tlli« Street.
ROYAL HOUSE 126 ELLIS — IN"CANDK"V
cent lights in ever y room; reartinc-room, con-
tainlne Valfy % ers: snaoklng-room and ladles'
i,«rlor- .irvpn all nUlit: rooms per night. 85c to
SI SU-' week $2 to $8: month. $8 to $30: lire es-
fapes-' elevator on office floor; annex of 65 rooms
i ow VeadV: hot «nd cold » ater In each room: batus.
rPHK RAMON A, 130 ELLIS, MRS. KATE -8.
J n.anager-A quiet hou-e -.centrally lo-
cateff: newly Mi nish_d_: e.evator; hot & cold water.
i Uid !M rt'O.. .
1 nn FIFTH-CARNARVON CASTLE: NICE-
LU"'Iy furnished rooms by day or week; from
j SI '.'5 up per week.
00 - FIF«H— CLEAN FLRNIsHE ■« HOUSE-
O_.O keeping: single. $5 to $7; 3, $13.
~~~ Fifteen h Street.
-1 -nn FIFTEENTH— 2 NICE SUNNY FUR-
-1 .)_.,' niched rooms for light housekeeping. In-
quire grocery store, 1858 Howard su
1-ourth Street.
pi /'A FOURTH —NX W L V Fr7RNISH_D
010 sunny rooms, with grate; new building.
Ueary Street.
1 OH I GEARY— SUN JSY SUITES; GOOD FOR
I _.Ua office.
< i GEARY— LARCi -; SUNNY FRONT AL-
tr_iW cove suite; also single room; running water.
AQQ GEARY— SINGLE sUNNY"~ROOM. FOR
tOO gentleman: rent reasonable.
oumen bam .iubuo.
OAO GOLDEN GATE AYE.— ALCOVE AND
O\JO kitchen for housekeeping: other rooms.
"1 00/ l GOLDEN GATE— -UN. \Y ROOMS;
J-—OI7 finely furnished: terms reasonable.
i.uttmii Sirte..
nO~7 HOWARD — LARGE FRONT AND
UOI o;hor rooms: furnished, with stove: cheap.
QQ(I HOWARD, CO i. OF SIXTH— NICKLY
OO'J farmshe I suites, $3 50 a week, si gle beds
I $1 25 to $1 50. donble b da $1 50 to 92 50 a week.
UN NY FURNISHED FRONT AN.' BACK
O parlor: bay-window; good for a dressmaker.
Call at 1052 Howard
Hyde Street.
SUNNY FURNISHED FRONT AND BACK
parlor; bay-window; good for a dressmaker.
Call at 105- Howard St.
Jones Street.
9f17 JONES— THE VAN WINKLE: NEW
-.IS ( management; elegant sunny suites and
single: newly furnished: bath, etc ; $10 to s3o.
Kearny Street,
A RLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY —
A Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first
class in every respect; term reasonable.
"VTi-W AVENUE HOUSE, 904 KEARNY ST.,
J-N corner Jackson— single rooms 15, 20, 25. 50
cents per night: special rates per week or month.
_eavenworth Street.
mLF.AVENWOKTH - SUNNY SUITE,
parlors: also front alcove room; rent very
reasonable.
Market Street.
MARKET— ELEGANT SUITES AND
I Ol single: newly furnished and carpeted.
VObbMIT', JUICa-U. 10* i MAKKK.r- rtß
1 niftbu Hso to $1 : week. XI f.O 10 $5: families.
Dißbt. Sso to 91 : week *l t>U 10 95. famine*.
J.iAuiKier Street.
riC MoALLI«TER-sUNNY ROOM; LARGE
0 1 0 closet; hot and coll water; reasonable;
gentlemen only.
McLea Court.
TARGE FRONT ROOM. FURNISHED OR
i J unfurnished; bath, fireplace: in private fam-
ily: terms reasonable. HVa McLea court, oS
Ninth su
Minna Street.
QCiG, MINNA— NICELY FURNISHED SUN-
I «jOO ny single rooms; also double room; cheap.
I CiGrj MINNA, COKNER EIGHTH— NEWLY
OO I furnished bay-window rooms, $1 a wee<c.
Mission Street.
HANCOCK HOUSE, 781 MISSION; SELECT
XI family rooming-house: $1 50 to $6 per week.
l oik Street.
nni POLK— 2 NICKLY FURNISHED SUN-
__l ny rooms; $7 and $8 a month; single or
donble.
lost Street.
OOQI POST (THE DuMUS)— SUNNY FUR-
_._.Og nished rooms; fine location; reasonable.
7-1 »> POST —2 NICELY .FURNISHED
(Id rooms partly furnished ;.bas>menu
Powell street.
CAQ POWELL, NEAR SUTTER-SUNNY
UUO double parlors, furnished or unfurnished,
also kitchen.
-••< on.i Streec.
Q7 SECOND — WEBB HOUSE: ELEGANT
0 I furnished rooms. MRS. LINDSAY, Prop.
Sixth Street.
-1 Ql SIXTH-NICE bUNNY FRONT SUITE,
1 O' suitable for bath or manicuring; cheap.
QQ SIXTH — QUIKT SUNNY ELEGANT
DO rooms: ill conveniences; fireproof building.
KUNsWICK HOUSE, 148 sIXTH-UPKN
a.l night rooms: 25c to $1 per night, $1 25 to
$5 per week. J. G. DRAKE, manager.
91 /-I SIXTH— NICE LARGE FRONT ROOMS
-51 Og to rent, cheap; also sunny back rooms.
Stockton street.
mHE EUROPEAN, 17 STOCKTON ST.— FUR-
J. nished rooms, en suite or single: hot, cold water
in every room: baths: elevator; transient solicited.
tuner »iree..
QQ/f SUTTER— NICKLY FURNISHED ROOM
t/Z.'x in private family; gentlemen only; central.
'■kHjlor Street.
1A Q TAYLOR— NEWLY FURNISHED SUN-
l_t/ ny rooms, single or en suite-
lentli Street.
1 OX TENTH— BRIGHT SUNNY ROOM; GAS
IZO and bath: 85. ;
Turk Street.
o SUNNY RrfoMsl RENT $5; PRIVATE
_J family; gas, bath. 242 Turk au
\ _v ->e>-s a venae.
rnf)l VAN NESS AYE.-SUNNY FRONT
i \JJLi2 bay-window room, with grate; also two
other rooms, cheap.
Miscellaneous.
SW. COR. SIXTEENTH ST., NEAR MISSION:
branch office of The Call. Subscriptions and
want ads taken.
« *rx__ra news FOR 5 cents—
A WEEKLY CALL. la wrapper, for mailing.
KOABBLNIi ANI» KOOMS.
"TTsiXTri "THE~M ; ANC'HESTER-^KLE^
TT gant furnished sunny rooms, with fine table
board.
aI O EDDY-LOVELY SUNNY PARLORS
_:! _- and other rooms, with board: $20 np.
Oi. .^.-.itUl.i", 714 ..UsH-A FAMILY
hot"l i«-I>t -.-■: all nr ■•■'- """•>"'■"' <•<>■*.
{ tlllLUKliA bOAKDKD.
ELDERLY LADY WISHES CHILD TO
board no other children. 238 Seventh, rear.
IV ANTE U-LIT ILK UIR:. 1O BOARD; 5
VV years old: $10 month. 116 a Eleventh st.
A ( MOlHi-K'S PERSONA L CAKK; SUNNY,
__ healthful rooms: dry, sandy yard; wholesome
food; reasonable terms. E. P., box 72. .
fX*J——* ••' I-KT.
QQ CLEMENTINA-STORE AND 9 ROOMS;
CO che re t; key at 23.
EiOO SIXTH-STORE, 3 ROOMS; LARGE
DZZyard; rent $12: water free.
STORE AND- 3 ROOMS GOOD LOCATION
for drensmaker? sunny belt: $16 per month:
2610 Mission «v Apply 844 Capp su
'At /' FOLRTH-SM ALL STORK WITH room
416 in rear: low rent. Apply to G. H. UMESEN
_ CO., 14 Montgomery st. •
AKBER-S>HOP. WITH BATHS: estab-
llshedlGyeari: $18 per month; key at 639
$7 per month. 5 Ie Boom St.;
k ?nmoln 9 g 6 s e hop;sa per month. 3 DeEoom.u;
k 7^"?,2nSi u b«»-4 ft $14 p.r month:
key at 539 second st. ■ . ,
On/iAND 806 POST-HALF OF STORE TO
oOOTentT reasonable term, to desirable party.
~\ . LOW iih NT-PAR I" or (STORE ASD
fV ha em-nu 324 Pos" st.
OFFICES if i>KT. w^^
"cmjn^T'lnTcl^^^^
O table doctors or dentists; alterations made
to suit lenanu. 14 Third sU ■
T)E5k HOOM. WITH FULL U>li OF OFFICE:
17 r ent 15. Apply 509 Kearny St., room 8.
VL^TaNTLY F U ibHED ",^^26
f- offices lor doctors or dentists; central- 426
B u i iersu '• • -
Il^__S__^___^____*l___!___
T)Ksk hooil, WITH FULL USE OF OFFICE;
•*■' rent $a. Apply 60S Kearny aU, rooms.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 19, 1897.
PRIVATE DETECTIVE WORK DONE AT
i- reasonable rates: 10 years' experience: best of
references given: all matters strict! v confidential;
addreasorcall223 Stevenson. ;a. D. WEBSTER.
ADVICE . FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
cialty: private, no. charge unless successful:
all lawsuits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc
attended to. O. W. HOWK. atty-at-law, 850 -Market
THE YOUNG WOMAN
Who has those dizzy spells, headaches, heart-
burns and other we.l-known indications of NERV-
OUS trouble;, will be easily and quickly cured by
going directly to DR. K_ITH"S ELECTHO-MAG-
NETIC BATHS, Call or address 1533 BU-
CHANAN ST., San Francisco.
NE TRIAL OF N E'S~~CATARRH CURE
will convince you of Its efficacy; 50c bottle, at
1633 BUCHANAN ST.
ONE APPLICATION fREE FOR RHKUMA-
vy tis'm. Bos. on Shoe Store, 341 sixth st, near
Harrison.
T LINCOLN BROS.'. CASH (iKOCEKS, 228
Sixth su , middle of the block ; 3 cans corn beef,
25c; 5 cans trin^ b aus, J.ic; • cans milk, 26c: 6
cans deviled ham, 25c; o cans baked ans, 26c: 3
cans jam, 25c; 5 cans tomatoes, i!5o; batter. 25c
roll; dates, 5c lb: cheese, Uc ib; 22 lbs granulal d
sugar. $1; flour, $1 10 sack. Remember the name,
LINCOLN.
F.TROPOLITAN I'EIMTIVE HUtIKAC,"
INrrott building, over Emporium: offices, 540-
-541: hours • a m. to 12 p. m. tele. Mint 1471.
A FEW KTLDiiNU-. U'A.vlR.'BY Dk ii. H.
COWAN, chiropodist, 126 Kearny, room 24.
I \ ENTLKMAN, WIDOW t-.K. AGED 45, IN
vj comforiao.e circumstances, wishes to make
the acquaintance of a Chris ian widow: object
matrimony. Address A. F., box 45, Call office..
INGUGLIEKI KOLD OUT HIS BU>-I-
A I N G UGLIER! SOLD OUT HIS BU-I-
-• ness, i i.c American Poultry Depot, 517
Washing on st , and will not be responsible for any
bills contracted irom this date.
\.i V HAiKDi;KSSING SUITS THE FACE;
i'l my prices (25c.) suit the customer: my par-
lors are neat and clean and so are the attendants;
Ires ore 1 ray or bleached hair to natural color.
G. LEDKRER, 111 Stockton St., nearest t>eary.
MISS JARVIS. HAIRDRESSER AND MANT-
curlng, Is now at Jlme. Rugs's cosmetic par-
lo s. 413^ n ayes st. : hairdressina any style Vie
O_D GO_U BOIGHT: HIGHEST PRICES. O.
NOLTE, Jeweler, 222 o'Farrell st., nr.' Mason.
I 1 ENTLKMAN PaRTNi-.R WANTED, WITH
' T 25, by uolncumbered lady. 120 Kills, r. 17.
PAIxTING. w »i i r k ing. Papering,
etc. ; times are hard- must have work. F. ED-
WAia.S, 1200 Webster sU. cor. Eddy.
rpWO WILLOW BASKETS ADDRESSED TO
1 B.JO Sanaome st. lef for delivery; owner-please
inquire 1200 .-tockton st.
PAINTING AND TINTING: FURNITURE
J- polished and enameled at lowest figure. Ad*
dress 122 Broad St.. station L.
1 (Win CARDS, $1 50. SHOW CARDS, KTC.
IUUU Tel. Black 141. HILL, 22y a Geary st.
ASS AGE AND MAGNETIC HKALING;
ladies on'y; one treatment free. 407 Octavia.
(J> I A DOZKS-fLNK itAiilM&'l'a _i' \vi_-
<pl SON'S Gallery. 1028 Market.
RS. THOMPSON, HAIRDRKB&ER AND
manicure. 7 Powell st., room 14.
GET A SHAVE A. THE LADIK»' BARBER.
shop, 757 a Howard st., near Fourth.
i 'IH_ PiiOPLK'.-s OAK DOLLAR MEDICAL
Institute, all cases trea.eU and medicines fur.
nished for $1: call or write. 1029 Vis Marital »-,
bet. t-lxtli and Seventh, ban Francisco. Cat
P. 97 MONTGOMERY ST., BRANCH OFFICE
*)~ • • oi'Tkb Call; want ads and subscriptions
taken.
I. .ARTINGTON'S t-CHUOL Of MAG \ZINE
' and Newspaper Illustration: particulars as to
terms, etc.. 424 Pine St.; illustrations :uriilghed
for magazines, newspapers, etc. '
ARTISTIC H AlßlMtErvd.VG, 25c; $25 FoR
cases of hair failing or dandruff 1 cannot cure.
MRS. HUBBARD, 1104 Alarkel St., room 28.
HE ANIMATOSCOP*. THE PERFECT
1 screen machine. For price of hand or motor
machines call or address Animatoscope Company,
9.13 Market su, Ban Francisco, seventh floor.
1 JR. C. E. FAKNUM HAS MOVED TO THE
XJ Parrott building, over Emporium, 3d fl.,r. : 0:-l.
IJUPTUKK AMI l'lLi-,.3 CUKKD: No PAY
IV until cured: send for book. DR3. Mass.
FIELD _ PORTKRFIELD. 838 Market St.
V{ AGNIsCOPK — NEW PKOJfc.GTI.NG MA-
itl chine; uses the klnetoscope tilms; price $250.
BACIGALUPI, 946 Market St.
C Ulla CLKANKi). rKlvSliU, $1; REPAIRS
dyeing done. 131Montcomery.r.}6 te).redv;37^
\\r all PAPER. 40 a ROLL; I'AHKtt HANG-
«* Ing. painting. etc., by contract or day's work, at
yonrown price. N.E. MERIGAN, 1302 Webster st.
1G OUTDOOR STEREOPTICON J-HOW EVE-
i> ry night cor. Market and Sixth Bts.: artistic ad-
vertisements' In living light; promoters of bust-.
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Market st.
LKCTRIC LIGH.IS IN KVERY ROOM;
Winchester House. 44 Third su, i r. Market;
200 rooms, 250 to $1 M) per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week ; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
HAVK YOUR .FEATHER-BEDS AA'D*J?lL-
lows filled. McCaBE'S, 870 Mission, cor. sth.
IVOKCr. AMD ANNULiIKNT oT JlAK-
riage> terms of paymen: obliging: legal every-
where. dress lock box F, 9U6 Market St., 8. F.
AZOK EXCHANGE, CoO M AKKK 1—
ment: fine edge put on razor for 25 cents.
pLOAKS, FUKS4 ANii SUITS KETAILKD Ai 1
V^ wholesale ririces. Factory. 20 Sansome st.
_K_a&_.AK_US.
pOMPETENT DRESSMAKER WISHES PRI-
-\J vate pup Is In dressmaking. D., box 22, Call.
ME AX.
A SURE. SAFE AND SPEED* CURE FOR
all female diseases: ladies may have the bene-
fit of the skill and attention of a physician of long
and successful practice, A home In confinement
with b> st care, with the privacy of a home and the
conveniences of a hospital. Those who are sick or
discouraged should call on thedoctor and state their
case. All consultation free and confidential bole
agent Rex Magnus, the great world-renowed rem-
edy for home treatment. MRS. DR. GWYER,
226 lurk st.
DR.J.IL JOSSELYN, THE GREAT SPECIAL-
Ist, still offers his valuable services 10 ihe uu-
fortnnate. \v ith a mind matured and enriched by
studies of an advanced order, there is hardly a
disease In the catalogue of human Ills he cannot
treat to a peifect cure. Ladles, he is always ready
to assist you. His Knowledge has been strength-
ened by extensive experience. No case peculiar
toyourdelic -te organism is be ond his sure con-
trol. His female montuly remedies are sure and
safe In their effects. H:s tried and valuable reme-
dies for lost manhood are failing in their
action, and are warranted lor both young and old.
He excels all others i . cure of private diseases.
Over 50 years of practice enables him 10 warrant
a cure in all cases. Copsuitatiot parlors. 906
Market su Call or write direct to 906 Market st.,
rooms 11 and 12.
Ni.W K—MKDY THAT la PERFECTLY
harmless; never falls In any case of monthly
sickness, no matter what the cause may be. Price
$5 to $10. No electricity or Instruments; never
makes sick to make well: travelers helped; no
delay; years' experience: first-class home in con.
finement. Dr. <fe Mrs. Davles, 14 McAllister st.,
next Hlbernla Bank. Consult, free; French pills
$2: hours, 9 a. -. to 4, 7 to 8 p. _.
_ iKoCKSS THAT NEVER FAILS TO RE-
J\- store every case of monthly sickness from
whatever cause in a few .hours when medicines
and others have failed; no Instruments used;
many years' experience: every case guaranteed;
advice free: terms reasonable; first-class priva
home for confinement. MR* _K. DAL_V, 11:54
Market St., over the Owl Drug Store.
A NEW PROCESS— MEDICINE, INSTRU-
J\- ment or worthless pills used; every woman
her own physician foral female troubles, no matter
from what cause; restores always In one day;caa be
sent and used at home; a.l cases guaranteed; do
not trust Incompetent female physic ana. DR.
POPPER, the wel-k.iown pioneer, 818 Kearny st.
R. FOULKT'S FRKNCH CAPSULES— A
guaranteed absolute cure for all female* dis-
eases (no matter what cause) : positively safe and
sure; no dang r or after effects: taken In time It
also acts as a preventive; price $1 60 per box;
rent free by mail on receipt of price. WALLER
BROS., 33 Grant aye.
R. AND MRS. WEGENER, 526 EDDY ST.;
private home with every comfort; separate
rooms before and during confinement: all female
complaints skillfully treated; regular physician;
quick relief for travelers; best care: terms moder-
ate; consultation fre-: pills $2.
A.DIES, CHICHKSTER'S ENGLISHPENNY-
royaI Pills (Diamond Brand) are best; safe, re-
liable; take no other, bend 4c, stamps, for particu-
lars, "Relief for Ladies," In letter by return mall;
at druggist's. Chichester Chein. Co., Philadelphia,
Li., casks of monthly SUPPRESSION
restored In a few hours: safety assured at any
time; Instant relief for travelers: bom* in confine- '
ment: suit free; confidential: hours. 10 00.
MRS. DR. \V YK'IH. 916 Post St.. near Larkln.
RS. GOODWIN, SPKCIALIST: LAD IKS,
near or far, safe, quick cure guaranteed, any
disease or complaint: home for patients: best skill;
free diagnosis: iow lees; self cure. 904 MoAllisterst.
LPf-A 'S FRKNCH PILL*— A BOON TO
Indies with female troubles: no danger; safe
and sure; $2 50 express C. o. D. ; don't delay until
Isolate. OBGoOD BROS., Oakland, Cal.
bUR— CORK FoK. ALL FI.M.ALK lv*
eases, from whatever cause; home in confine,
men:: every comfort: satisfaction guaranteed or
money refunded. MRS. DR.GWYKR. 226 Turks;.
ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT Dit. JoKDAjV AT
his museum, 1051 Market st. : his 30 years'
mccessful practice Is a guarantee of fair treatment;
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mail.
'"_» ' i\t\ PAIU FOR A 1 fail to CURE
. DU of iemale complaints or diseases of the
eye; consultation free. MKa. DR. SCOTI,3^S Geary
"MICE PRIVATE HOME IN CONFINkMKNT
XV at the most reasonable price in the city. MRS.
j_ PFEIFFER, midwife, 2012 Fo. sum su .
UFRAK'- FKMaLK RKGULA PILLS;
safe and efficient emmenatogue; $1 p»r box.
RICH ARDS A CO.,drngglBts, 406 Clay St., sole
S F. LYING-IN (PRIVAT ) HOMK; : DIS
„> . eases of women and children. 235 Kearny, r. 9.
OME. A-RIEAD AND MOTi.KR'S CARE.
MRS. DX. FUNKE. 1416 Klghth St., Alameda,
— w IRREGULAR OR ANY FK.MALK J>l K.\s_
J ,„, M KS.DR. PPKTZand becontent. .l64*/^ 4th.
T\r, HALL, 14 McALLI SI EX STREET. N__tt
V Jones. Diseases of women ana cblidno. j
CLAIRVO- ANTs.
ME. DR THOMAS. SCJENriFIC REVEA_-
er by eggs and cards; tells entire life, past,
present, future; consultations on all affairs; noth-
ing excepted; names given: good advice: sure
help- restores lost lov* by svmpatny; mistake im-
possible: fee $1: letter 2. 929 Post st., nr Larkin.
MUSS VAN DE VERK, THK MARVEL OF
many lands— Past accurately reviewed: iu:ure
precisely loretold; .nines located; business and
love affairs a specialty; magnatlst; letters an-
swered. Koom 1, 1 Fifth sU
x , MX. HAN 'EX, PALMIST, CARD-READER;
"' past, present and fu> re; 2Jc. 148 6lh St., r. 5.
\liiK. sYiSI-i.Jii I 1-.1.L-. Kuu.M CP.ADLis. TO
l»i grave: pictures given: ladles 25c: ! 14 O'FarrelL
Mb. MOKKAL', IiKST CLAIKVOYANT
and medium in city: fee 25c up. 764 Howard st.
ME. HAN SENT'rHE~B£ST FUTURE SUC-
as-ured. 25c; one price. 41 Minna st.
ISSMELVIAA.CLAIKVOYANT: PIOTURK
future husband or wife, soc- 76 >% Howard.
A I _K. KAVE.NA RKAD- LIFK FLUENTLY;
l'J business advice; names given ; 25c up.sFourlh
M . MABEL WOODS, MAGNETIC WON-
der, card reader; charms. Room 8, 207 Post.
MMX. V ANSON, CLAIRVOYANT AND MAG-
netic healer. 1 Fifth St., room 22.
MX. WALTERS OF TEHAMA; CARDS; LA}
dl»3, 25c; gents, 50c. 951 Mission, nr. 6th.
GYPSY LIFE-IEADER REMOVED TO 3
\J Seventh st nr. Market; ladies 25c, gents 50a
ME. LENKMAR — FORTUNES TOLD BY
i'l planets. 815 Mission st.. room 2: walk in.
MX. LEGKTTE, CLAIRVOYANT AND BUS.
advice; 25c: one price. 311 Tehama, nr. 4th.
MX. RI.TH HAKKISON OF N. V.. MAG-
neiic hpa pr: card-reader. R. 17 109 a Powell.
bj.-J.Xvx A" (U A— jlo Ji.
MMK.OSMAN, BPIKITUAL TRANCE MEDl-
urn; life readings, love affairs, business invest-
ments, mining speculations specialty. 838 Mission.
• t/ki/. MCALLISTER— MRS. ~, J. MEYEK:
C_O test meetings every nieht. 10c- Tue., Wed.,
Fru. 2 p.m.; trance cir., Hai. _ Mon.eve 25c; bus.slgs
KS. J. J. WHITNEY, CLAIRVOYANT 7
trance test medium and life reader. .218
Stockton st. '
\ I ME. YOUNG'S CONVINCING TEST CIRCLE
I'l to-nlglit: 10c. Oriental Hail. 418 McAllister.
LA.E-WKITING DEVELOPING seance
to-nlght.2sc: sits dally. MRS. FUi, . ON.alFell.
DX. DDIKSUAI3<K TURNE:>; SITTINGS
and treatment to ladles: fee moderate. 51 Fifth.
R. HAN-EN's PUBLIC TE CIRCLE, 10c :
107 Fifth st. Skeptics invited. . :
M. F KAN CIS, I D P_ 1* KN T - SLATE
• writer. 118 Halcht St.: hours 9 until 6P. m.
T, US. KLLIS, MEDIUM: BITTINGS.9 TO B, $1;
ill rlrclesTup-t. Kri.. 2P. M. ' r.c. 233 Valencia.
k»\I'NOTIS3I.
HYPNOTISM SCIKNTIFICALLY TAUGHT:
cress arid. vpnoiic. Mesmeric I ns.BO'Farre. l
j>.l^ttAL H^Xiili— LKAXtf.
he you~contkmpTating the
chase of a piano? if so our warerooms con.aln
the most desirable stock from which to make the
selection; bargains for cash, insta lments or rent
contract plan: we are selling some pianos for 83,
$4 an 1 $5 per month; beautiful new uprights for \
$6, $7, *■<, $9 and $10 per mouth; no cash pay-
ment required larger than the above amounts all {
purchasers of 111 right pianos from us have the
privilege of exchanging same fora Stelnway any
time within 3 years from date of purrhtise with-
out sacrifice SHERMAN, 1 LAY _ Co., repre-
sentatives of bteinway _ Son's pianos, cor. Kearoy
and suiter nts., San Francisco; also Oakland,
Cal.; Portland. Or.: Seattle, v* ash.
\\f X HAVK SECURED THE AGENCY OF
« ' the.wonderful Ivers <& Pond pianos, a specially
felected stock; all styles, uprights and grands;
just received; It is impossible to make a better
piano: absolutely without a weak point: sole
agents for Ivers _ Pond, Llndeman, Connor,
Muehlfeld, Haynes »nd Singer pianos. J. T.
BOWERS _ SON, Metropolitan Temple building.
BSOLUTKLY' 'IHEOLDi-.ST AND LARGEST
house west of Chicago is KOHLER _
CHASE'S, 26, 28 and SO O'Farrell sL; pianos, or-
gans and all other musical instruments, of all
grades and prices: terms easy; prices lowest;
t very thing po_ibla cone 10 pleads and auttsty cud
customer.
CTUaLLiY THK BKST BARGAINS IN rt-
anos; nee our list for this week; pianos on $1,
$4, $5, $6. $7, 88, $9, »10, $15, $20 monthly pay-
ments: fine stool and cover with each; delivered
Iree anywhere In lha city and kept tuned by ex-
pert concert tuners. The F. W. SPEjSC-- CO,
talesrootus 933 Market su opp. Mason.
HAINKS, BUSH _ GERTS AND KNABE Pl-
anos; get our reduced prices; fine second-hand
uprights. $135: organs, $35. W. C. HAMILTON,
successor to A. L. BANCROFT & CO.. 324 Post st.
"PIANOS S'.i.X), RENTKD, TUNED. R_-
X paired, polished, shipped, stored, for lower rates
than any other firm in tua ct:jr. J. HAKKY
BCOTT, 526 Hayes st.
BARGAIN — FINK CHICKERING $10
SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister su, next Hlbernla
Bank. ,
A DMINIBTRATOR'S SALE — JIU.--T SKLU
J\. pianos at immense reduction for cash or on
aliments. KaTON ESTATE, 735 Market.
I. INE SQUARE, $c 5; STEINWAY OR
I Decker Bros., $350. New uprights, best and
cheapest, at MAUVAIs', 769 Market st.
<_■(,!» A GOOD 7-OCTAVE UPKIGHT; FINE
(*)""• condition : $5 ins mt s. 221 Leaven worth.
STEINWAY, GOOD CONDITION, $175.
Room 10, 809 Market 8 1.
QUAKE WEBER PIANO IN GOOD CONDI-
-lion for sale cheap. 102 Taylor st.
SHAW, STEINWAY $250. CHICKERING
$185:ereat bargains: s4 mo. H_INK,lB6El?is.
fIU 1 &i\ DKCKKK BROS. -. IN GOOD ORDER.
3j) IO\). BRUENN'S piano house, 228 Post.
Vf AGNIFIC-NTBTKINWAY UPRIGHT AND
IVI Schubert: little used: sacrifice. 1019 Van Ness
W G. BADGER. SO_E A' ENT FOR HALLE
'» . _ Davis and Francis Bacon pianos. 406Sacta
YKON MALZY, bO» Pv>sT ST.— i-UHMKU,
Newby _ Evans, Briggs and other pianos.
eUPKHiOI'. VIOLINS, ZITUKUS, OLD NEW
OH. MULLER. maker. rep«lrer. 2 i.a.ham piaca
DOLLAR A WK_K ON RENT CONTRaUT
buys new piano. 136 Kills st. '
I Uii • i-MIStELLASbOUS.
tToR^ sTLE^T~BECON r D-HANI) 36-INCH
JT bellows; almost as good as new. 69Va leieral
at., off Second, near Bryant.
ffl» 1/v IMPKOVKD -NEW FAMILY SINGER
*$> 1 .17. machine, with attachments. 2437 Mis-
sion st., near Twenty-first. _j
\[EW SINGER SEWING MACHINE: $25.
IN 252Kigh.hsU
ATEW &LMWO >D RANGES ARE THE BEST.
x\ W. S. RAY MFG. CO , 12 California st.
A NIMATOGRAPH; LATEST BCREKN MA-
A chine for showing Kinetoscope pictures. Ad-
dress H., box I'M, 1 all Office.
 INKS,.; D-H AND MACHINERY
1> water-pipes. Mclntosh — Wolpman. 137 Beale.
AKS, BACK BARS, MIRRORS. SHOW-
I • cases, counters, linoleum, office furniture,
store and office furniture- and fixtures, new and
second J. NuONA'is', 1017-1019-. 021-1023
Mission s. , above Sixth.
AKS, SCALES. MIRRORS, FRENCH
ranges, etc., bought, sold. Mf.EK, 1118 Mission.
ATIONAL CASH REGISTER, GOOD OK-
li der; also large folding-door safe. 8 Mission st.
pOFFKJB MILL. bCALKS, LKTTKR PKE33i
\J stand desk, money till, safe: cheap. 102 Clay.
ARS, bHOWCAaKo, COUNTERS, BHELV-
■ ing, etc M ought and sold. 1063 Mission, nr.7th.
NX SMALL MKUIUM A.ND LAKGE-SIZK
11 re and burglar proof safe. 109-111 Market su
SKIVING MACUINJSS.
A_L KINDS BOUGHT, SOLD EXCHANGEri
rented .repaired: lowest rates. 206 Fourth su
___________ .
UliN TISTS.
fflj'7' FULL BKT OF 'IK—TU WORTH $15:
0 I . warranted 5 years; extraction free: fiUiusi
50«. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
"POSITIVKI.Y PA Im. ess extraction.
X DR. HARDING, 600 Sutter: tel. main 5375.
HALKANT <fc CHAI.FANT, MOVKD ROM
\J 8 Mason to 119 Powell: bridi;eworlc aspeclalty.
OLiON DK.nIAL ASSOCI.i 1 lON, 80b AiAH-
\J ket St. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
<_7 A SET FOR WAI RANTED A3
»J) • good as can be made: filling $1 DR sI.MAIs,
dentist, 930 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater.
AINL_.»S < i-.XTKACIIO^, tOe; CROWN
X bridge work a specialty: plates $5 up: lSyeari
experience. R. L. WALSH, D.D.8.. 815S^ Geary.
DR. LUDLUM HILU 1443 MARKET ST, NR.
XJ Eleventh; . so charge for extracting whea
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set; extracting soc: gas given. .
LULL SET OK 1 Kr.TH. 87; FILLING, 50c;
J crowns $3. Pacific Dental Parlors. 18 Third.
SET Or TEEI li W ITnuUt' A P_Ai_, lilt.
0 H. O. Young, 1841 Polk si.
1 \K. J. J. LtJiiiv, XZV6 MAKKKT, COiw I.wLUKN
XJ Gate aye. ; open even ines: >nndavs i till noon.
ROOMB DENTAL AS-O^IATION, 7ii9 MAti-
\J ket, bet. 3d and 4th; gas specialists; painless
extracting, with gas, $1; plates. $5 up; fill, $1 up.
K. utoaua w. leek, 'I A K gknuink
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of improved bridge work or teeila
without any plate, moved from 6 to 'M o'Farrell a.
XL WORK I.KASONABLK AND WA_-
ranted. DR. .1 \\. KKY 1122 Market su
' bicitt-s.
E^^nURT^RTNTo^ETwTi^rBA^GATN-
in , second-band whee s. DAVIS BROS.,
cycle department, - 5 Geary st. *
U_ 1 >J(\ SWELL SPKCIAL CLEVELAND IN
«IrlOU. perfect condition for 450. 405 Geary.
;■_ HOTELS.
7~ROOKLYN jtfOTfcTL! 208^212 BUSH^ST^
I board and room $1 to {2 per day, 16 to $115
per week; choice rooms 50 cents to $1; suite
rooms for family $1 to *1 50 per night: first-class
eervic»; trse coach. CUAMLiiS _lontg.gm_&y, i
CITY REAL ESTATE.
E ASTON, ELDRIDG X & Co.
KASTON, ELDKIDSK&CO. . , s .
ASTON, EI.DRIL»OJi & Co.'
6: H MARKET ST.
638 MARKET ST.
63» MARKET ST.
LIST OF INVESTMENTS.
SUBSTANTIAL PROPERTIES.
PA 1 ING GOOD INCJMfc-S.
SI '■> '\i ,f\ KLLIS ST., N'R. LAGTTNa: 3
«Jp I «).l7v \J. fine fiats of 7. 9 and 10 rooms and
bath; pi-ys $1200 pet annum net; lot 6x120 feet
to rear reet; ruor gage of $t>soo can remain.
QJOnnfl CALIFORNIA. ST.. nr. devi«a-
€nfJ\J\.)\J. dero: two Ha: 3 of 6 and 7 rooms and
bath: In fine condition: elegant location: sunny
sloe; lot 27:4x13^:6 fee.; street accepted; mort-
gage of $40C0 can remain. .
9iW7^f\ BELVEDERE ST.. NR. FRED-
tlpn | O\J. crick: two n flats of 6 and 8 rooms
and bath: all modem Improvements; grand view
of the park: lot 25x121 : 10 ieet.
<H'^l^A NEAR ASHBI.RY AND FRED-
♦irO I t)U. crick st».; two handsome flats of 5
and 6 rooms and bath: only '£ years old; sunny
side of street: lot 25x116:6 feet. -
<HM9fifV NEARGrARY ND JONES STS.;
«jp*iZ,VU. 4 tenements; pays $40 per month;
within 87 feet of Geary st.: good speculation.
MODERN RESIDENCES
AT BAIGAIN PKICES.
ALL PARTS OF THE CITY.
C£l ' fU\l\ Rr DICEK FOR IMMEPIATE
tJpJ.i).UUU. sale: elegant residence in th-
\ Western Addition of 12 spuc.ons rooms, bath and
basement, stable, etc.; lot 47:dx137:6 teet; cost
over 826,000. . \
©11 Z\(\(\ GOLDEN" GATE AYE RESl-
tlpli.tJl-/U. dence of 10 rooms and bath, bil-
liard- room and all modern improvements; lot 25x
137:0
<Si. 1 n f\f\f\ POST ST., NEAR VAN NESS
tjp 1 u.UUU. aye.; fine house of 9 rooms, bain,
mem, aundry, etc.; lot 27:6xl'_'O feet; street
work all done.
(J]4Q £>.f\f\ ELEGANT CORNER RE«I-
*\TV .O\'\J. dene* on Paste St.. close to Golden
Gate Park: 9 l>irge rooms, bain and basement;
thoroughly renovated throughout and in first-class
condition; lot 80x106:3 feet; easy minis if de-
sired.
&r> £>f\r\ NEAR FELL AND ASHBURY
(jpO^Ol/V*. sti.: house 7 rooms, bath and base-
ment; lot .5x103 feet property in this vicinity is
rapid. improving in value.
LISTS OF LOTS
FOR BUILDING OR SPECULATION
AT LOW PRICES.
$2500— Must be sold; 24th St., near Folsom;
37:6x1t'0: a bargain.
$2400— Fulton st., near Baker; 25x137:6; street
wo: ail done.
$2000— Clayton St., near Page; 25x106
$20U0— Green st.. near Pierce; *-!5xl00: mort-
gage of $1000 can remain. . - •
$18j5-c.olden Gate aye., near Baker: 25x137:6.
1 1810— Douglass St., nr. 23d; 60x100; will sub-
divide.
$1600— Corner on China aye., one block from
MissiO'i road: 75x100.
$1000 each— San Jose aye., near 29th st. ; 5 lots
ready for building.
$800— NE. cor. Silver aye. and Craut St.; E>Ox
107: College Homestead. ■
$500— X St., near 11th aye.: 25x120.
EASTON, ELDRIDOE & CO.
EASTi'N, ELDRIDGK & CO.
EASTON, ELDKIDGE & CO.
638 MARKET ST.
638 MARKKT ST.
638 MA KET ST.
\\TANTED— TO BUY A NICK COTTAGE
' »» from $15U0 to $2500. near car line; no agents.
Address G. b.. box 45, Call office.
n ROO.vlb: NEW; JUST FINISHED; EASY
• terms: see It to-day; 35 Joost aye.: close to
cars: bun vside Tract. THE MCCARTHY COM-
PANY. 646 Market at.
VOX »ALE ON EASY TEKMS-JJODERN
J houses on Masonic aye. and Waller st.; housei
conialn salon parlors, dining-room, bliiihrd-room
and *> large bedrooms, batb, kitchen and laundry;
rooms beautifully decorated; sun in every roum;
see them to-day. TaKe Haightor Ellis street car,
j.el off at Masonic aye.; owner on premises.
CM/mfl IOK "ALK OR EXCHANGE.
»JpT:Uv/v/. New cottage on 23d aye.. East Oak-
land; 6 rooms and bath: high basement; brick
foundation; buy windows; lot s'Jxlt>o.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery st,
*01;^^n WIIOiBUILO ANEAT4-KOOM BAY-
»>O«)U window cottage. GEO. M. SALSBURY,
2010 Kills st.
COUXTKV KEAI KSTATK.
-4
CIO f\f\t\ 75 ACRE* VERY CHOICE SO-
i LS.xJyJ'i. noma County valley land; 3y
mi!e< south of Santa Rosa: house 10 rooms, fur-
uiibed: large barn and outhouses! 15 acres orch-
ard; complete lot farming imp.ement*. M horses, 2
cows, 250 chickens. 30 hozs: on main coun.y road:
wi 1 se 1 or exchange (or first-class cl.y improved
property. :
QQnnn 102 ACRES very choice land
t!rOV/V'U. near Watsonvl I°, San a Cruz Co.;
house 5 rooms, good burn; 15 acres orchard, 10
acres vineyard: fine waier:- also large reservoir
stocked with rish: horses, cows, chickens, farming
implements, wagons, all complete; cneap aud easy
terms.
QQZ,.r\(\ 15 31-100 IN THE SANTA CLARA
ilpOiJUv. Valley: only about 200 yards from
station; 2-story house 10 rooms; flue barn: all in
orchard, and full beari i?: will sell on easy terms
or exchange lor city property; no i cumbrances.
ciHAINWALD, BTJCKBEE A CO.,
218-220 Montgomery at.. Mills building.
ERN COUNTY INVEST NT-BAKERS-
fIe d Is one of the moil advantageous points
In California for investment right now; I have to
offer some of the best business and residence prop-
erty at very low prices; sure to increase in value:
also Improved property that will pay: corre-
spondence solicited. It. B. SWAYS X, Bakers-
Held, Cut.
1 OT 60x108 FT., 4 KOOMS, BARN, WELL,
J ■ $600, chickens anil ducks are th>» best money-
makers on this tract: lot 225x265 ft., 6j fruit
trees, 4-room house, furnished, barn, well, tank,
horsepower, poultry-sheds, only $1200, terms
$250 cash, balance flu per month, 7 per rent in-
terest: also 5V_ acres adjoining above for $900 or
mortgage on San Francisco property. Address
The Owner, box 172, Gilroy.
ARGAIN— ACRKS CHOICE FRUIT,
hay, grain, winter vegetables, $26 per, acre;
83 acres rich soli, 4 flowing springs $ 5 per acre;
18 acres, running water all the year Boil very pro-
ductive, all fenced,. ? 10 per acre, near Pleasamon,
Alameda County. Call or write, 57 Chronicle
building.
I OR KENT— HOUSE AND FEW-ACRES OF
J- land suitable for nursery. Address E. MAGK_,
.M librae, nl., ban Mateo county.
"|)A ACRES; 100 ACKKS BOTTOM -LAND;
OVjVJ runuini? water; exchange for anything; no
rea»onab c offer reiused. Address C, box 4, Call
Office, Oakland. •
ANTED— TO 14UY A SMALL ORCHARD,
with hi use and barn; no agents. Address C.
P., bo* 45, Call offlce.
_O'iiA 4 CKES; NICELY IMPROVED:
«S)_jOUU. intida city NICELY IMPROVED:
iZiOVIV. inside city Umiis. GEORGE C.
YOUNG, Peta uma.
LEG ANT ViNEYAKD; Wi'ULD EX-
J—I change; rare bargain. ltooai 70, Columbian
building.
I>ANCH BARGAIN: $5 PER ACRE; li! 80
-It acres timber: plenty wat> r; excellent stock
ran h; best par; of Kern Co. 8., box 20, Call Offlce-
SKND FOR ILLUSTRATED PAMPHLET OF
California lanas for sale Dy H. FRANCIS,
rooms 69-71 Chronicle building. San Francisco, Cal.
1 11TLE HOMES. CLUsK To TOWN. 1M-
Jj proved: easy terms: also 4to 12 acre pieces
on and 10 years' credit. I). H. TWING, Somu_
City: ev»rr Monday at. «■<•} Murk** V.. S. F.
LOST.
T~ OST— BET WEEN "?:MPOR^IU_r AND HYDE
J J aud Eddy, a gentleman's gold watch. Ketnrn
to Candy Department, Emporium, aud receive re-
ward. •
OST— OPKN-FACED WALTHAM SILVER
watch. Please return 1. Third st. and receive
reward. ■
I OSi— A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBER-
J ' nia Savings and Loan Society of San Fran-
cisco in the name of Mil HAEL ROONEY, No.
186-1004. The finder will please return to bank.
O T— AN ENGLI H FOX HOUND: WHITE,
with black ears ail nose, collar, with ; name.
C BOOS, 14 I.eavenworth St.; liberal reward.
T) RANCH OFFICE OFTHr. i ALL. 167 NI..TH
X) St.: want ad. and subscriptions taken. ■ \
1 O-T— 4 A BOOKS WITH HIBEKNIA
Jj Savings and Loan .-O';ieU of San Francisco, in
thenamt-sof MORI HEN JoHAN sKX.JuSr.PH
F. PERINI. JOSEPH DE LA RIVIERE and
FILOMENA HE LA RIVIERE. Nos. V 504.618,
188,331, 189,165 and 155,431. The finder will
please return to bank. . -
LOST— PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBERNIA
Savings and Loan society of San Francisco, in
the name of JOHN BARKY, No. 5.07,363. The
finaer will please return to bank.
LOST-IIOND .V, BET. 11 TO 12, TKA\S-
ferrine irom W shington- t. cars to Powell,
then Post to Stockton, circular feather boa: value
as keepsake. Send postcard to J. OSBORN,
-' 119 a Clay st» y.> :
.-,-; :'■';■ -V .. ' HORSES. ~ ~~~~
jTV^* o^^^"^ o^ B^aTeTTI^O~W^GONS^
ttv/ buggies, carts, harness; Orand Arcade Horse
Market, 327 sixth st.: auction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN <_ DO l LX, Auctioneers.
flilm,, EMPORIUM, bALr.fi \ AKiiS, a'JO VA.
1 lencla su, is the place to golf you want to buy.*
sell or exchange horses, bugsles, wagons .or har-
ness: auction sales every Saturday at 11 o'clock.
tijj| bii'i' NKW AM) bi.CU.\' U-i±A..\ HAH-
tJUv' ness: all kinds: boggy, wacon, carts, surra/
A rocka war -.-40 cheap horses. 15th ami Yale i
HEAP— FINK HOKSE AND DUMP-CART.
Inquire 1232 Vallejo st., near Hyde, In rear.
UINt 6-YEAR-OLD MARK; SUITABLE FOR
F buslni-ss or private use. : 605 McAllister. .
EfiHh.xu DKIV.NU a-.' WO,. v HOKSKs;
O\> wel"lr '000 in *70') 'in. *■>•>. Hnw«rrl st.
t)AUUi>j A^ij » : CA-» (iit_(i_3. :-^;/-
QjQF^n GOOD PAYING COUPE STAND
«jpO«)U. ana basinet for sale. 11, C. DECKER,
1020 Market it. • ■ (
■■-;..■- ■..-■.■ "
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND IJEAI. ESTATE.
\\T ILL BUILD 7-ROOM HOUSE .ON 'LOT '4O
»' xlso to suit buyer; well located: $400 <ash;
easy installments. Address A. L. TOlii-, Arling-
ton Hotel, Oakland.
I A M All HuklZi-;D 1O SELL THt-J FoL-
lowing propeity, taken under foreclosure of
mortgage, at, cost of foreclosure:
I . No. I— Coitage; 5 rooms, bath: No. 1 condition:
newly papered and palo.ed: 1 block to local sta- .
j lion and electric-cars; price $1500; $200 to $400
cash, b lance o sun. '
No 2— A well-oullt house. 6 rooms; bath: large
lot; 3 blocks to local station; 1 bloc* to car lines;
street « oik all done; ill soon be business prop-
erty: stores now located in same block;- prlc-
*-50(): 8400 cash. ', ■
.No. 3— Home 8 rooms; bath; barn; lot 60x115;
suuny expo ure; wry convenient to business;
neighborhood first class: lot at ne worth price
ashed tor property; street work complete: price
**6IJO. . J. S. MY RS.
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
EAT COTTAGE OF 5 ROOMS .»ND BATH;
i-> situated on Adeline st., near Fourteenth; part
cash; pric- reduced t0 51750. WM. J. DING fc.E,
460 Ki.;h:h s  Oakland.
ffl.')- i\ C .SH. BALANCE $26 65 A MONTH—
(J)O.)U fine home; cost $4100 price $2350.
Address WILLIAM P. TODD, 1002 Broadway.
Oakland.
iw AN 1 ED— Ranches to EXCHANGE for
»» Oakland property. App ytoP. W. ANDER-
SON, 23 ft.m Pablo aye., Oakland.
CjrrxTO $15U FUR CHOICE BUILDING
O '■-' lots la the town of Fitchburg; a new sta-
tion established near Oakland, on the Haywards
and San Leandro local line, by the Southern Pacific
Company; only 45 minutes from San Francisco
and 6 minutes from Oakland: electric-cars every
<-iv minutes: terms to suit buyers. Apply to
C. M. 1:1 NKLE, owner, iU6y 2 Washington bl,
Oakland. Cat. . -^
IpORisALK— OYSTER A.ND TAMALE GROT-
■ to, cheap. 847 Broadway. Oakland.
tfl '(I LOTS NEAR THh. ALTENHEIM IS
iiplOXJ. Fruit vale: electric cars; only $1 down
and $1 a week : selling fast: good Improvements.
H. B. I'IXXKY .owner. 902 Broadway. Oakland.
i.i.i.ivtLr.i RAAIj ESTATE. .
•\f UST BE SOLD TO CLOSE AN ESTATE:
XU. lot 123x^70; 2-Wocks from station: street
work done; an ofteTVanted. Jus. J. MASON,
Berkeley station. ■ -
li.ufi.i.ii *./ i..vv.UAM»iS. '
"CEKDFOK OUR LIST OK ORCHARD HOME-4
O for sale. WiiQ><TK't it WHfTTON*. San Josa.
FEOPKKIX WANTED.
UJ ANTED— ABOUT ONE SECTION GRASS
land: living water, Cash, box 86, Call.
— v,-*~4. * LUA^V.
QQAA (inn AT PER CENT ON CITY
<jr>OVl/."Uv realeaiate: also Oakland, estate*,
life insurance, second mortgages, any sum. Man-
hattan Loan Co.. 10 Mills building, ground floor.
IGULY RESPECTABLE AND PRIVATE
place to obtain the most I beral advances on
diamonds and jewelry at the very lowest rates.
Baldwin Jewelry Store, 948 Market.
NY AMOUNT; IST, 12D;OR 3D MORTGAGES,
estates, undivided Interests, real estate In pro-
bate: furniture and pianos -without removaL
McCOLGAN, '24 Montgomery St.. room 3.
Ci£sll (\l\l\ ON FIRST AND SKCONDMORT-
<3pOv/."JV/1. 1 gages; city and country or furnl-
nlture. R. P. QUINN, 63 Chronicle building.
WISE A-\D SAVE IMr.KtSi-MU.VKY
loaned on everything. Cut Rate Loan Office,
room 7, Flood building. Pledges for sale cheap.
1 \lKEirr O.N YOUR FURNITURE UR PI A NO,
\J no removal: no delays; no commissions: low
interest. Km. 68. lionohu^ bldfr. 1170 Market «•_
t)«>" ||(in aT HANK i.ATE>; Ist AliU
O£iO.\'\J\J 2d mortgages, estates, rents, eta;
lend us iow as 50. H. MUKPHY. 628 Market
HY PAY HIGH INT. ON (-MALL LOANS?
We loan at 55c interest per mo. on each $100
on 2d mortgage; any security. Gold, box 4, Call.
N FURNITURE; VERY LOW INTEREST;
no commission. SCRIBNEK, 7 City Hall aye.
.IVaIK PARTY -LOAN'S ON ANY GOOD
security: ow interest. H.D.. box 160, Ca1l Office.
U.\ YTO LOAN ON REAL ESTATE: ANY
amount. \V 'LLIAMS, 214 Pine St., room a
Cj-rv 1O $50,000; LOW Eat I.AIt: IM&iU
x^O\J mortgage; a»t or lnstlmnt. Drytien, 535 Cal.
DVANCES ON DIAMONDS. JEW
ColumbK Loan & < ollateral Office, 9 «-rant aye.
PA ** > UKl)ivi.i;s.
VDVANCEHONDIAMONDS.JEWELRY, SlL-
verware, pianos ;low rates. Nbtl.Loan,l33Taylor
l<iHE->i J KKi. ) AID i-vjfw v AST OFlf
rluthlne. < osmopoitan • o»n Offir-. 49 Third.
Jr aAAJHCIAL.
\\r ANT $700 LO \ N ON <^OOD REAL ESTATE
*' gecurt'-. Apply this office.
STOKAGK. 1
TORTG^^HI^A^E^T^rT^UE^nTTrFTB^
proof building: advances made. 211 Larkln.
TJvURNITURK PIAJSOS, TRUNKS; AD-
J vances. shipping 1 HAS. f^. TA YLOK.2O4
TKUSTJEES' SALES.
TRUSTEES' SALE— IN ACCORDANCE WITH
X the terms and under the authority of a certain
deed of trust, duly executed by CHARLES E.
WILLIAMS and HARRIET A. WILLIAMS (hi*
wife), parties of the first part, to HENRY C. CAMP-
BELL and THADDi.I'a B. KENT, trustees, parties
of the second part, and the SAN FRANCISCO
SAVINGS UNION, party of the third part, dated
June 7th. 1889, and recorded in the office of the
County Recorder of the county of ■< basta, State of
California, in liber No. of trust deeds, at pages 67
and following, and in pursuance of a resolution
passed on the lt«th day of November, 1896, by the
board of directors of said SAN FRANCISCO SAV-
INGS UNION, a corpora ion, and the holder of the
notes (No. 9398). to secure pa merit of which the
aforesaid deed of trust was executed, declaring
th it default had been made in the payment of the
principal sums and other turns due under said
notes and deed of trust, and requesting and direct-
ing said HENRY C. CA-MPbKIX and THAU-
DcUS B. KENT, trustees, to sell the real estate
described therein to satisfy said indebtedness.
We, HEN C CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
B. KENT, trustees, do hereb.- give notice that on
Tl Esi>aY, ,he 26th day of January, A. D. 1897,
at 12 o'clock noon of that day, and at the auction
salesroom of Easion, Eldrldg- & Co., 63£ Market
s 1 reel, in .he City and County of San Francisco,
State of California, we will sell at public auciion,
to the highest bidder, for cash in co.d coin of the
United Stales, the pieces or parcels of land situate
in the county of Khasta, State of California, de-
scribed as fo.lows, to wit-
According to the official plats and system ot
surveys of the Government of the United States:
In townsnip twenty-nine (29) north, range four
(4) wist, Mount Diablo base and meridian:
Of sect. on two (i!), the east half of tne north-
east quarter (E. V 2 of NE. V*), the northwest quar-
ter ot th northeait quarter (NW. 1/4 uf NE. 14),
and the nonheas quarter of the northwest qu*i-
ter (NE 1/4 of NW. 14);
In township thirty (30) north, range four (4)
west, Mount Diablo base an I meridian:
Or section twenty- (i.9) the whole;.
of s ction thirty (30), the southeast quarter
(SE. Vi),and
of section thirty-five (35), the east half (K. *&)'.
Containing in all one thousand two hundred and
eighty (1280) acres of land, more or less; together
with the appurtenances.
TE Ms OF SALE— Cash In gold coin of the
United States, 10 per cent payable to the under-
signed on the fall of the hammer, ralance on de-
livery of deed, and if not so paid, unit for want
of title (ten days being allowed for search), then
said 10 per cent to be forfeited, and the sale to be
void. Acts of bale at purchaser's expense. .
HENRY C. CAMPBELL, Trn , t ...
THADDEUS B. KENT, / Jru te
TRUSI'EEh 1 hALE-IN ACCORDA>CK WITH
X the terms and under the authority of a cer:ain
deed of irust, duly executed by ANIoNIO
SILVA, party or the first part, to HESKY
C. IAMPBELL and THADDEUS B. KENT,
trustees, parties of the second part, and
the 'BAN FhANIISCO SAVINGS UNION,
party of the third part, dated January
i, 1891, ana recorded in the office of the
Couuty Recorder of the county 01 Tulare,
btute of California, In liber 7 of trust deeds, at
pares 39-1 and following, and in pursuance of a
resolution passed on the Oh day of January,
1897, by the boar I of directors of the BANK OF
V Sa ■ IA, a corporation, and the holder by assign-
ment of the note (No. 10,5 75). to secure
pavm nt of which the aforesaid deed of trust was
ex cuted, declaring th.a a. fault had be n made in
the payment of the principal sum and other sums
due under sa d no.*? and of trust, and request-
ing and directing said lli-.Nio c. CAMPBcLL
and TUADUIiUs B. KhKT, trustees, 10 sell the
real esaie described therein to satisfy said in-
debtedness. ■ •-•-".'
We.HENKY C.CAMPBELL and 1 HADDECS
B.KKNI, trustees, do hereby glv<* notice that on
TUESDAY, the 9ih day of February, A. D. 1897,
at 12 o'clock noon of that day, and at the auction
salesroom of Easton, Kldridge & Co., 638 Market
Street, in the City and County of !»au Francisco,
State of California, we will sell at public auction,
to tne highest bidder, for cash In go.d coin of t..e
United Mates, the pieces or parcels of land situate
in the county of -h.ii.gs, formerly part of the
county of Tuiare, state of California, described as
follows, to wit: •
According to the official plats and system of
surveys of the Government of the United hta.es:
In township eighteen (18) J«outh range twenty-
one (21) east, Mount Diablo base and meridian:
(if section thirteen (13), he southwest quarter
of the southwest quarter (&\V. 14 of SW, V*) and
the west bait of .he west haif of the nouifieas
qnanerof the southwest quarter (W. ■ Vii of W.
Vi of SE. 1/4 of sw. Vi).
' Of section 'twenty-lour (24), the northwest quar-
ter of the nor bwest quarte. (NW. Vi of NW. V*).
and the west half of the west half of .tie northeast
quarter of the northwest quarter (W. V« of W. y%
of .NE. V*of NW. 1/4).
Containing in all one hundred (100) acres
land,' • more or less, together, with .he appur-
ttnanccs.
TERMS OF BALE— I ash In gold coin of the
United .">taics: ten per cent payable to tbe under-
signed on the fall of tbe hammer: ba ance on de-
livery of deed; and if not so mid, unless for want
of title (ten cti.ys b ing allo.wed for search), then
said ten per cent to be forfeited and the sale 10 be
Void. Acts of sale at purchaser's expense.
HBNEY C. CAMPBELU\ Tr ,.-. pp .
LEGAL NOTICES.
CUSTOM-HOUSE, SAN FRANCISCO. JAN-
_ vary 5, 1897. Notice— Certain goods . remain-
ing one year in bonded warehouse will be sold at
public auction at th» United Stales Aipralvr's
Store on tho 25th of January, 1897. Descriptive
rataogues can be had at the Custom-house on
January. 1897, or at time and place of sale. JOHN
__ W SR. i o tec or I nstnins
1111 MARK! i/LlTdi
[■Birth, marrta?) and death notices sen* by mall
will no:, be Inserted. They mus; be banded in a;
either of the publca'.ion offices and be indorsed
with the same an 1 residence of auuiorudi
to have the same published. I
EOKV.
BANGS— In this city. January 11, 1897, to the
wife of F. C. ban,';, a son.
WIJG- To the wife of Chung Wing, a son.
YOUNG— In this civ, January 15. 1897, to the
wi »■ of rnest K. Yonng. i -■> i
HAiMluiiil.
KATZ— LANGREHR— In this city, January 17.
If- 97. by the Rev. F. R. 1 arrand. George Kat»
and Marie Langrebr. both of .->au Francisco.
KAUFMANS- NEUBERO-In this city. January
3, 1897. by the Rev. Dr. Nleto, Mo^e Kaufmana
and Lottie Neuberg, both o aan irancisco.
LITTLE— WOODS— In this city, 11, 1b97, J. W.
Little and Maude N. Woods-
LYNCH— MILLEN— In this city, January 18,
1897. by the Rev. C. J. Larsen, Thomas K.
Lynch of Fresno and Carrie M. Milieu, daughter
of the late William P. and Jennie B. Mu.eu of
San Francisco.
MILLER— BRAUN— In this city, January 17,
1897. by the Rev. S. Goldstein, Luis Miller and
AUKUSte Kraun.
DIKD.
Barradas. Viola E. MorelDg, Catherine
Brooks. Mrs. N. C Nash, John
Dugan. George F. Newhousa, Henry
Egar, John S. Kunge, F. W.
Inglis. Margery Sharp, Frederick E.
Killlp. Robert A. Toy, Harriet
Klat , Teresa Weinzapfel. Marie O.
Levy, Ko3alie WVimore, James I.
Michael, Robert Woodwor.h, Lincoln G.
BARRADAS— In this city. January 17.1597. Viola
Kv.ingeline infant child of Maithew an 1 Lizzie
Burradas, a native ot sail Francisuo, aged 1 year
S months and ii days.
JBS~Fnends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited toatteni ihe funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from the par-
lors of the Golden Gate Undertaking Company,
24-^9 Mission street, near '1 wenty-lirst.
BROOKS— Entered into r^st in New York City,
January 1». l-< 97, Mrs. N. C. Broods, widow of
Frank W. Brooks, and mother of Mrs. 51. B.
Ryan Mrs. ErwinHoey and Miss A. M. Brooks
of -anta Monica.
DUGAN— In this city, January 18.1897, George
Francis, beloved son ot Klien and the la'.e Pat-
rick Dugan, and brother of EdwarJ, Daaiel and
Charles Dugan, a nan ye of Su Paul, Mlv n., aged
23 years 4 months and 23 days.
EGAR-^ln this city, January 17, 1897. John S.,
beloved husband of Rose E^ar, and father of
Mrs. Ellen alley an 1 Alice, Mary aud Robert J.
E-'><r. a native of Ireland, aged 68 years.
aST'Friends and acquaintances are resnect-
fullv invited to attend tlif funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from the par-
lors of H. C. Poner & Co., 1-J2 Eday s:reet.
Imermeut Mount Calvary Cemetery.
INCLIS— In this city. January 17, 1897, at 2033
Hryan: street, .Marccrv. wife of ihe late James
Inglls, mother ot ..rchina d sterling Watson,
daughter of the late Archibald Sterling Wat-
son, and sister ef the late Catherine David-
son, a native ot Perthshire, Scotland, aged 62
years and 17 day.?, [iloxberrysuire (Scotland)
pacers please copy.J
fIS-Frifiids and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from 20 .12 Bry-
ant street, lntermeni Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
via K:4O o'clock p. m. train from Twenty-fifth
and Valencia s reets station.
KILLIP— in this city, January 18, 1897, Robert
Amos Killip, a n i.ive or England, aged 4J years.
KLATT— In this cltv, January 17, 1897, Teresa,
beloved wife of Walter F. Kiatt, mother of Edith.
Monica and Tbeo Kiatt. daughter of Mary and
the late James Casey, and sister of James. Peter,
Annie, Josepuine aud Eva *. as 1 y. a native of
San rranciacj, aged 27 years 4 months and 1 J
dWTfI
jjyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
ful y Invited to attend ihe funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at — o'clock p. it., from h -r late
residence, 1201 Treat avenue. Interment Ma-
sonic Cemetery.
LEVY —In this city. January 36. 1897, Hosalle,
beloved wife of --iruon Levy, aud mother of Mar-
cus, Edward, Leopold. Floret and Alelaui-' Levy,
Mrs. H. Lauter. Mrs. C. Leioer aud Mrj. G.
Walters, a native or ueruiauy, aged 69 years 9
months and 6 days.
ayirii-nds and acquaintances ara respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock a. m.. from the fa uilv
resiaeiice, VilO-1 Pos street. Interment Home of
Peace Cemetery, by train leaving Third aud
Townsend streets at 11 :S0 o'clock a. m.
MICHaEL— In this city, January 17,1897, Rob-
ert beloved hu-sb md of Henrietta Michael . and
father of Frea Michael, a native of Germany,
aged 56 vcara.
JJ£S" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invteJ to attend tne funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at a o'clock p. it., from the par-
lors of H. C. Porter <fc Co.. \\il i^ddy street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
A. O. U. W— .Funeral notice. Unity Lodge No. 27.
A. O. U. \V. : Please take notice 10 attend the
funeral of our late brother. K. Mlctiae , THIS
DAY (Tueiday). at 1 o'clock p. m. sharp, at our
meeting-nail. Flues for n on- attendance will be
strictly enforced. Byorier,
J. R. FITZSIMMONS, M. \V.
I. D. Mabtin', Recorder.
MOREING— In Hay wards, January 17, 1897,
Catuerine Morelns, loving motner of C. C, M.
J and W. B Moreing and Mrs. M. A. Bird, a na-
tive of St. Charie3. Mo., asted 77 yean 2 months
ami 10 days. [Siocicion Dapers please copy.]
O~ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend tbe funeral 'I HIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 12 o'clock m.. from her late resi-
dence in Hay wards.
NASH— In this city, January 16, 1897, John Nasn,
a native ot Ireland, aged 65 years.
gJ-Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 1 0:30 o'clock a.m., from the par-
lors of H. C. Porter it Co.. 122 Eddy street. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
NE\VHOU>E— In this city, January 18, 1897,
Henry, beloved husband of Dma Newhouse, and
father of William D., Hu;o and Anhur New-
house, a native of sulzbur^, Bavaria, Germany,
aged 61 years and 7 months.
S^jT Notice or (uaeral aereaftar.
KUNGE— In this city, January ia 1897. F. W.,
beloved husband of the late Anna Runge, and
father of Johu F. Runge, v nauvo of Germany,
age t 52 years.
£J~Fnends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited 10 attend the funeral To- MORROW
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock P. m., from his late
residence, 191 a HowarJ street, between Fif-
teenth and sixteenth. Interment L o. O. F.
Cemetery.
SHARP— In this city, January 15,1897, Fredpr-
lck Edward Sharp, a uaave or Jinjiand, aged 77
years
aa~Frlends and acquMntances are respect-
ful.y invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 1 :30 o'clock p. m.. from 909 Mar-
ket itre*t, undT tbe auspices of Metropolitaa
Lodse No. 24, K. of V. interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, by electric funeral-car from Eight-
eenth and Guerrero stress
TOY— In tnis city, January 17, 1897. Mrs. Harriet
Toy, beloved mother of Mrs. D. H. Hasten of
ban Francisco and Mrs. L. J. Chipmau of San
Jose, a native or Kugland.
jJ3"Fr»n(is and acquaintances ara respect-
fully invltei to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 'I o'clocK P. m., from the Howard-
street AleihoJis. Churcn. Interment private.
WKINZAPFKL- In this rlty, January 18,1897,
Marie Ottilie, beloved wife of Benjamin W'eini-
ap el, a native of Uermauy, aged vi. years.
WETMORE— In this city. January 17, 1897,
James L Wetmora (sailmakar). beloved hus-
band of Waitle .Inn • Weimore, a native of Netr
York, aged 77 years 2 months and 28 days.
(Maine papers please copy. J
j^yFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fui>y Invited to attend tne fuaeral THIS UAY
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from 163S
Bush street. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery, by electric funeral car from .Eighteenth
and Guerrero stree.s.
WOODvvoKTH— In V orbestown. Cat., January 18,
1897, Lincoln a Woodworth, a native or Wat-
son ville. Cal., a?e I dl yean. [Sao^ Diego and
Watson ville papers please copy. |
gyFriends and acquaintances ara respect-
fu ly Invitel to attend tv« fuaeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 2:: 5 o'clocK p. m., from the Dar-
lors of Halsted <fc Co.. 948 Mission street.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by 3:30
o'clock p. m. train from Third and Townsend
streets.
' (VicAVOY & GALLAGHER, T
FUNKRAL DIBECTORS 4 EMBALM KK^,
SO WUth. St., Opp. Lincoln School.
' Telephone 3080.
y - — .
J Att. MC^I ENOMKY. ■ ■ CIIAS.
JAMKS McMESOMJii & SON,
USUKKXAKjbKS AND KMBALMiiKS,
IV i MiHHion Street, Near Scveutii.
. •■■ ■ lt!lepiioi:e fouth «54.
JAS. ENGLISH. T. R. CAiLhivV
CAREW & ENGLISH,
L.NDERTAKERS AND EMBALMKifc*
>r IHJ>IinAJL I>IK4;CIUItS,
3P Van Ness aye.. nwir -xiorio. au, ss«u a'raaclssa
Telephone so. 16ti.
F. L. GUNTZ. ' ' H. W. GANTNEIi.
QANTNSR & OUNTZ,
Funeral Directors and Embatmers.
8 and 10 CITY HALL SQUARE.
Telephone h-outh 432.
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN>MATKO COUNTY: NEAREST CKME>
tery to the city; non-sectarian; in no sens* ex-
clusive ; location unexcelled. Olbc* .WW Htlo
tueeu . koutheasi corner tv oixiu. : .
UOSMOPOXjIT
Opposite U. 8. Mint, 100 and 102 fifth St., Ha«
Francisco, — The most select family hotel la
the city. Board and room $1, 91 25 «nd $1 50 pot
day, according to room. Meals 25c.  Booms s'Ja
and 76c a day. Free coach to and from the oim.
I<oolt tor the coach bearing the name of the Co*
■WWUfa tt9Ml Wit I'MUV, ttOWU*
1314
WHETTING THE WEAPONS IN
THE BUTTLE OF MILLIONS
Notary Cooney and the Fair People to Begin to Fight
It Out in the Criminal Courts
To-day.
BOTH PARTIES APPEAR
CONFIDENT.
The Grand Jury Not Going to
Interfere in the Con
troversy.
STEPHEN RCBSRTS PUTS OK
WARPAINT.
Ha Scathes the H"irs and Reviews
Their Course in the Famous
Suit.
Both sides in the Fair delegation were
bu-sy yesterday sharpening their weapons.
The Fair people claim that they are pre
pared to impale ex-Notary J. J. Cooney
this morning, when the case on the per
jury charge made by young Fair's lawyers
is to come up.
The Craven people say there is no
danger of serious damage resulting to
the young notary, and thus both sides are
standing grimacing and winking wicKedly
at each other in this came of millions.
The Fair people are still strenuously en
deavoring to get the Grand Jury into the
right. They stated yesterday morning
that that body would present a batch of
indictments shortly. Then District At
torney Barnes said just to the contrary.
Stephen Roberts took a hand in the con
troversy, and offered to bet a new hat
against a penny that the whole affair was
a bugaboo built up by the Fair attorneys.
And so the breezes blew.
The Fair people want Cooney's scalp
very badly, if all the efforts they are about
go for anything. They say they have a
printer who will swear that the paper in
the certificates on Craven pencil deeds was
not in existence in 1894.
They declare that they have the plates
and electrotypes, which will be intro
troduced as evidence to establish that the
engraving was not done until 1896. two
3'ears after the date of the Cooney indorse
ments. Then there is the water-mark of
the paper and a whole batch of similar
items that will follow in line.
Captain Lees is, of course, going to take
a hand in the affair, and so is the District
Attorney, and so are half a dozen of the
big lawyers in the City. The Craven in
terests will be defended by many able
lawyers, as Cooney is one of the principal
supports to the deeds.
Stephen Roberts donned his war paint
when he heard that the Fair attorneys
were endeavoring to have the Grand Jury
interested on the side of the e-tate.
He hunted up the District Attor
ney to learn it was decided that
the whole matter will be passed by, and
then he unburdened himself about the
tactics of bis opponents in a way that was
intended to make ti.eir ears tingle.
"This constant reiteration of forg
ery, fraud and perjury by the
Fair people," he began, "is simply to
prejudice the public mind. The pres
ent proceedings against Coon^y are
taken, not with any hope of success, but
simply to blacken him in the eyes of the
people. It's an old trick, and wa.-< tried in
the Sharon estate when one of the expert
witnesses was arrested on the eve of the
trial of the civil case.
"It's singular that all this inud-slinginc;
comes from the Fair children. For two
years they have been talking of what they
are going to prove and thus far have
proved simply nothing. We have kept
quiet under" all sorts of attacks. Nearly
two years ago the heirs and all their at
torneys vouched for the integrity of Mrs.
Craven and for the genuineness of
the will left in her keeping. Dur
ing her absence in the East for
the purpose of bringing that will
out here tne three children of their own
accord authorized Richard V. Dcv to pay
Mrs. Craven not exceeding $500,000 for her
claims against the estate. At that time
they knew of the existence of the deeds
and had reason to know of the contract
marriage.
"After that will wa« brought out here
they said in court that it was genuine,
but the moment Mrs. Craven asked them
to live up to their contract they gently in
sinuated fraud. They did, howevor, agree
to pay her $300,000 at that time. The offer
was refused and the deeds put on record.
It has been said there was something sus
picious about the way that was done.
Weil, I Knew that the trust will had
been stolen and I didn't care to see
our deeds disappear from the Recorder's
office in a similar way. We knew that
the three children were* seeking to derive
the benefit of the will without paying
the cost of Mrs. Craven's action. I
knew that they were in pencil
and that no excuse would answer at
a trial for their non-appearance. For
these reasons Mr. Williams and mysell
refused to leave them with the Recorder,
but various abstractors and myself had
examined them and knew that they
existed.
"Immediately after this the attorneys for
the children began to cry forgery and con
spiracy. A number of depositions
were taken, and the testimony of
Mrs. Craven, M;ss Craven, Mrs. Cos
ack, Mrs. Has Kins, Mrs. Johnson,
Judge Sullivan, J. J. Cooney, Lee
D. Craig and myself, which to strongly
showed the genuineness of these deeds
and the truth of all the other portions of
Mrs. Ciaven's story. It was said that aW
tne witnesses were perjured with the ex
ception of Judge Sullivan.
"Months a.EO Charles L. Fair swore in
NEW TO -DAT
FACES
Pimples, blotches, blackheads, red, rough, oily,
mothy skin, itching, scaly scalp, dry, thin, and
falling hair, and baby blemishes prevented by
Citticcra Soap, the most effective skin purify-
Jng and beautifying soap in the world, aa well as
purest and sweetest for toilet, bath, and nursery.
(pleura
Ii told throughoutthe world. Pottbb D. ant> C. Corp.,
Sole Props., Boston. W'Howto Beautify the 9kin," free
BLOOD HUMORS <MS3Pk&2i>&.
an answer brought by Mrs. Craven to
eject the heirs from her property. In that
answer, to show with what ease
such affidavits can be made, Charles
Fair swore that his father died on a
day other than the real day of his death.
About this time what is known as the San
Rafael story was brought to light, and the
prominent connection with it of Captain
Lees, the co-laborer of Detective Seymour.
"Then the children had positive proof,
so they said, that they would prove that
their father was not in the City on the
day the pencil will was made It was
an item of Senator Fair's health. They
knew all these things by the millionaire's
valei, and yet it was on the programme
tiiat this same valet was, -a ye;ir previous,
of the opinion that his master was sick at
the Lick Hou?e on this same day.
"And so it goes. Resort was atrain had
to the old general charges of fraud. People
wanted to know what Captain Lees was
doing in matters of a private litigation.
Well, alone comes the present criminal
charge against Cooney to discredit him.
Now Cooney said six months ago just
what he said the other day and for
saying which he is now charged
with per jury. • If he committed per
jury in December he committed it
in July last? Where were the police then?
If they were moving in this matter be
cause crime had been committed they
were criminally slow. Six months ago
all the testimony was in and it was public
enough to give any one who had the least
fear a chance to escape.
"The truth of it is that they have
adopted these means to frighten Cooney
into making a false confession. One of
the attorneys for tne Fair children has re
marked that 'Cooney was a weak sister,'
and t;.fv thought to make him show the
white feather.
"Let us look at the positions of the two
camps. On the one side is Mrs. Craven,
who is vouched for as a respectable, hard
working schoolteacher, living on
I her salary, the Intimate Iriend of
| Senator Fair, and so vouched in
j court by the attorneys of two
lof his children. She stands alone and is
i admittedly poor and is represented by
i Delmas & Shortndge, Denson & De
j Haven and W. W, Foote. These are
honorable men and would not advocate
her causa if they did not believe
in the geuineness of those deeds.
I One ot them is an ex-Judee of a
I Superior Court whose record is above re
proach. One of them is an ex-Judge of
the Supreme Court and has been men
i tioued as a possible member of the next
! Cabinet. Another is an ex-regent of tue
State University.
"In the other camp stand the three
children with their concentrated millions
at their back. These same chil
dren in matters of wills have stood
on every side and on most sides
at least twice. What they have
stated in court one day they have denied
the next, now crying forgery and fraud
against a man of whem one of their own
attorneys said, 'Cooney never did a dis
honest thing in his life. He has attended
j to my business, and I know him well.'
One of them has so carelessly sworn to an
affidavit that its falsity is absurd.
"The truth of the matter is the Fair
1 children are using the influence at their
back to blacken the character of witnesses
against them in the minds of the people
and a jury. Some people are prone to
look no deeper than the surface, you
I know."
PERMANENT OFFICERS.
Hayei Valley Improvement Clnb Now
Organized for Business.
At a meetine of the Hayes Valley Im
provement Club last night at Mowry's
Hall, on Lagun a street, the following offi
cers, who had been temporary, were made
permanent: Charles Apers, president; J.
Hnrry Scott, vice-president, and Fran*
Fall, secretary. The election of a treas
urer and the appointment of an executive
committee were laid over to a subsequent
meeting, at which time other sub-commit
tees will be provided for.
A code of by-laws and a constitution
similar to those which have beeii used by
the other improvement clubs in the City
were adopted.
The sub-committee on street liehts re
ported that on the block irom Larkin to
Polk street, owned by the Mechanics' In
stitute and the St. Nicholas Hotel, $13 50
was collected, with a prospect of more
from the directors of the institute at the
next monthly meeting of the directois of
that association.
The 100 block reported $13; St. Ignatius
College and church subscribed $5 per
month. The 200 block handed in $10; the
300 bloc* $17 50; the 400 block $41. A
similar condition existed on the block on
Laguna street, between Hayes and Grove.
Following are the names of the addi
tional subscribers:
J. Harry Scott, Camp & Southerland, H.
Schattler, Jonn Thode, F. G. Fall, Mrs. N. Sav
age, H. P. Woelsel, H. Tonji, Joseph Engeseh,
S. Krohman.J. E. McUrath, H. Gra^ie, J. H.
Leyden, L. Lartigue. H.;.Mesenley, St. Ignatius
College, F. A. Miller, \V. H. Goreka, J. H. & H.
Mangels, *Jaraes R. <fc Ira H. Doolittle, St. Nich
olas, Con way <t Bourrul, Mrs. M. A. Fanner, D.
Leenan, Fred Bohiem and Edward Haley.
CASES DISMISSED.
Judge Belcher Knock* Out Over 150
Negligent Litigants.
Judge Belcher yesterday made a clean
sweep of the dead cases that have been
incumbering his calendar*. There were
325 actions listed in his department, but
for one reason or another the litigants or
their attorneys have lost interest in a
great many ot them, and consequently
152 of them were ordered not only stricKen
off, but actually dismissed.
It is expected by Clerk Morris that
quite a number of the litigants will arouse
themselves as soon as tLey find that they
are out of court, and that they will be
rushing around like chickens with their
heads cut off trying to get back. To ac
commodate nil such Judge Belcher issued
the following order:
All causes on general calendar called this
day, numbered below 50,349, and marked
"dismissed" by the court suh sponte, may be
restored on proper showing; and as to all
causes numbered 50,349 and subsequent
there »o, to be restored on payment of calendar
fee within five months from date.
Judge Belcher intimated that the court
could not be expected to manifest more
interest in the litigation than the attor
neys ana the participants in the suits, and
that the time of the court was too valu
able to be frittered away in calling up
cases when no effort was made to secure a
hearing or settlement in any manner.
For the Emergency Home.
On Thursday evening a fine entertainment
will be given in the Native Sobs' Hall for the
benefit of the Emergency Home for waifs.
The affair is under the direction of Mrs. Wil
liam Fisher of 314 Hayes street. A fine array
of talent will be presented. Orchestras, glee
clubs, athletic organizations have contributed
lioerally, while many persons clever in
specialties of all kinds will appear on the
programme.
lii China a man cannot by will dispose
of his land in favor of any one person,
whether relative or stranger. It must be
distributed among all his male children
without exception.
Jewelry store, 6to 7 Third street, removed to
303 Kearny street.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 19, 1897.
CAPTAIN McFEFS SUCCESSOR.
Major W. W. Winchell of the Salvation Army arrived yesterday from New
York, accompanied by Mrs. Winchell and their baby. The raajor comes to take
charge of the social department of the local army work, vice Captain and Mrs.
McFee, called to promotion in Washington, D. C.
Major Winchell has been twelve years with the army in various capacities.
He first served as field captain for three years in Michigan, his native State, where
at Shalott College, one of the leading institutions, he graduated. He went to
Boston and served on the New England division for several months, and was then
appointed representative at the twenty-tifth anniversary celebration of the army's
existence, held at the Crystal Palace, London. While in that metropolis he
received twenty-one different appointments, calculated to give him an insight
into all lines of work, including the country and social departments. He was in
London at the time of Mrs. General Booth's death, and General Booth gave him
one of the first copies of "In Darkest England."
On his return to America he was placed in charge of the Men's Training
Garrison in Brooklyn, and was shortly afterward, in 1891, marriea to his present
wife by Mrs. Ballington Booth, his being the first wedding ever performed by a
woman in this country.
Subsequently Major Winchell went to Milwaukee and Chicago. In Milwaukee
be practically opened the regular work and afterward had charge of the entire
work of the State.
In Chicago some of hi 3 most important work was done. For four yeers he
served as aid-de-camp to Chief Divisional Officer Fielding, and for three years was
in charge of the training garrisons. It was he who engineered the famous distri
bution of food during the Pullman strike in 1894. Lieutenant-Colonel Blackhurst,
now of the Volunteers of tbi3 City, was then his lieutenant. Fifteen hundred
people in Pullman were literally starving, and after Governor Altgeld had in
spected the town Major Winchell put thirty subordinates at work, who made a
thorough canvass and in thirty hours raised hundreds of dollars' worth of pro
visions, which Kept death at bay until the regular relief work could be organized.
Major Winchell left Chicago three months ago, and has since had charge of
the headquarters of the Men's Training Garrison in New York City. Last Christ
nias he distributed 1000 pairs of shoes alone among the poor.
Ho is at present looking over the local field, for which he has many plans.
He brings to his work experience, faith and enthusiasm.
Captain and Mrs. McFee leave for the East Wednesday night. A farewell
reception will be tendered them to-night at army headquarters.
IS POLITICS IT
THE BOTTOM Of IT?
A Step Being Taken Toward
Ousting the Park
Commission.
Irving M. Scott Thinks This May
Explain the Attacks Upon
That Body.
Tie Commission Has Been Investigate
ing for Weeks the Charges Made
by the Last Grand Jury.
A bill is to be introduced in the Legis
lature providing for the increase of the
number of the Park Commissioners from
three to five or seven. The bill provides
that the Governor shall appoint the mem
bers to the commission. The term is for
four years. It may or may not contem
plate thn removal of the present board at
once and the appointment ot an entirely
new body.
Coming as it does at a time when the
commission is under fire, the Grand Jury
investigating and making grave charges
of mismanagement and even dishonesty
against the members, this announcement
is provocative of some speculation.
Irving M. Scott, Park Commissioner,
was told last evening of the proposed in
troduction of this bill before the Legisla
ture.
"If that be true," said Mr. Scott, "it pro
bably is an explanation of the sudden
and, one might, say vicious, attacks on the
commission. If there is suspicion of any
wrongdoing in the matter of hand
ling public money it should cer
tainly be looked into, but it seems
to me that the extreme zealousness of
some newspapers in searching for cause of
complaint, and the vivid fashion of pre
senting what they claim to nave found,
indicate to me something more than the
mere exercise of the province of a news
paper to secure and print the news.
There has seemed to me to be a some
thing back of it, and this story of the bill
to be presented to the Legislature proba
bly explains it. It is politics. So far as
this bill is concerned I have no objection
to any part of it except that providing
that the Governor shall appoint
the members. I do not believe that
the Governor should have any
thing to do with it. I stood for
that — local self-government— in the fram
ing of the charter. We have a young and
active and capable Mayor. He should be
allowed to appoint the commission, I be
lieve in young men in office, and I would
very gladly step aside to make room for a
young man in my place once these charges
are cleared up. But I want to see that
done first. These offices seem to be much
sought after. To me the office is nothing,
aside from the great interest which I
feel of course in the park. I believe all
the other rrembers of the commission feel
the same way about it. The criticisms
seem to be directed most severely at Mr.
Austin. 1 may say that I feel certain that
he is perfectly straightforward in the
whole matter.
"Now, I have only this to say about
the alleged scandal," continued Mr. Scott.
"Charges of irregularities have been made
and the members of the commission are
determined to get at the truth — to rind out
the bottom facts. Ido not propose .to
make any answer to the charges what
ever, except to say that if there is any
dishonesty there I do not know
it. The last Grand Jury in its
report made some mild criticism
of the maim euient of the park, i imme
diately called a meeting of the commis
sion and at that meeting it was deter
mined to begin an investigation of the
causes of complaint. That investigation
was begun and is still going on. The
Grand Jury is also investigating. I shall
insist that that investigation be very
tnorough. Between the two of us we
must certainly get at the truth. That is
what we want. That ia all I have to say."
STABBED IN THE ABDOMEN.
Jamra Creamer Dangerously Wounded
by T. W. Harris, a Conductor.
T. W. Harris, a conductor on the Valen
cia-street cars, was arrested yesterday
morning at his home on Guerrero street
by Policeman Brown and taken to the
Seventeenth-street Station, where he was
charged with an assault to murder.
Sunday night about 8 o'clock Harris,
after reporting off duty, went into a saloon
on Twenty- fifth and Valencia streets.
James Creamer, a young man living at
1921 Valencia street, dropped in and he
and Harris shook dice for drinks.
Creamer made some disparaging remars
nbout Harris and the latter resented it.
They struck at each other and Creamer
landed on Harris' right eye. Harris re
taliated by plunging a knife into Crea
mer's abdomen.
The wounded man was taken to Dr. Mc-
Laughlin, at Twenty-sixth and Mission
streets, who stitched and dressed the
wounds. Tne knife had penetrated the
bowels and the doctor considered the
wound dangerous, as blood-poisoning
might sot in.
Harris denied using the knif\ but the
police say they have witnesses to prove
the contrary.
STRIKING INNOVATION.
Proposition to Have S«-mi- Annual Pro-
motions In the Public School*.
The subject of semi-annual promotions
in the public achoois is under agitation.
The principals of the School Department
hay* just talked it over in meeting. Super
intendent Babcocu considers the matter
one of great interest to parents and chil
dren. "It is not intendod," Superintend
ent Babcock says, "to compel the comple
tion of a year's work in six months, nor
does it mean merely the promotion of
hold-overs. If a class is ready for promo
tion on March 1, it should be permitted to
go on with the next grade work, instead
of being kept in review worK for the next
three months.
"In other words, let the pupil 9 who ac
complish work in less time than one year
pass on; others go slowly." These views
have been presented to the principals, and
at the last meeting a discussion on this
point was i ad by Principals Jones, Me-
Kenzie, Smith and Fairchiid. It was de
cided to leave it to the Superintendent to
decide upon, and send notice to principals
of a uniform method for designating the
advanced and lower divisions of a class,
such as A and B.
A Curious Custom.
A curious custom prevails in certain
parta of India, which may be called a
symbolic marriage. In families where
there are several daughters the youuger
sister may marry only alter the elder sis
ter is married. That, of course, is not al
ways the case, but the obstacle can easily
be surmounted if the elder sister declares
herself ready to marry some tree or
flower or some other lifeless object. In
this way the disagreeable consequences of
disregarding the popular custom may be
avoided and the younger sister can safely
be wedded to her living choice. The elder
sister, however, must take care not to wed
a poplar tree, an elm tree or a pine; if she
chooses a plum, apple or apricot tree she
may get a divorce — that is, shake it off as
soon as a real man will ask for her hand —
while if she marries one of the first three
named trees she cannot easily shake her
marital bonds, for these trees are sacred
and must not be trifled with.— Cincinnati
Commercial-Tribune.
Alaska.
Yukon Minors— Archie Burns will carry freight
from Dyea to Fort Llnderman for $100 per ton.
Inquire Edward Holland, proprietor Commercial
Hotel.
WHAT LED ROE TO
THE SCAFFOLD
His Brain Revealed but
Slight Evidences of
Insanity.
The Demon of Destruction Is
Veiled in Psychic
Mystery.
Surgeons Will Keep and Examine at
Leisure the Murderer's Organ
of Thought.
The brain of Roe, thn murderer, the bit
of flesh that batched his plans and held
his secrets and alone knew the emotions
that made him a peer among criminals,
was taken from his skull last night. It
weighed but 44 ounces, and as the staff of
doctors of the College of Physicians ana
Snrgeons gazed at the insignificant mass,
they found it no different from that which
might have guided the statesman,
prompted the philanthropist or carried
the conscience and affections of the purest
of the pure.
Although some slight abnormalities ex
isted they were not of sufficient impor
tance to place the dead murderer among
the physically insane criminals who have
expiated their crimes on the gallows. In
fact it is the opinion of the college faculty
that Roe was a psychical pervert and
morally irresponsible for any acts he com
mitted.
One hundred and twenty students and
the entire faculty of the College of Physi
cians and Surgeons witnessed the autopsy.
It -vas a grewsome spectacle.
Dr. E. Z. Hennessey of Napa, who at
tended the prisoner during his incarcera
tion preceding the execution, addressed
the students, placing before them a his
tory of the man.
He said in part that Roe had confessed,
he believed truthfully, to having commit
ted nineteen murders unaided and to
having been a party in the commission of
seven other similar crimes.
Dr. J. R. Lame, president of the faculty
of the College of Physicians and Surgeons
and professor of surgery, assisted by Dr.
E. E. Kelley, professor of anatomy, and
Dr. Howard, demonstrator of anatomy,
then proceeded witn the autopsy.
The brain was removed by taking off
the top of the skull, and then the doctors
began their explorations with the scal
pel.
There was no engorgement and no su
perficial Hemorrhage. It weighed forty
four ounces, which is five ounces under
the average. This, however, has no
special signification, as brilliant men fre
quently carry an organ of thought weigh
ing less than Roe's, and a gibbering idiot
it was once found carried a brain weigh
ing sixty-four ounces.
The right temporal bone was found to
be very thin. A ridge or depression was
found on the left side of the skull, and the
right temporal Done deviated to some ex
tent, the latter abnormality probably pro
ducing a slight compression of the brain.
The convolutions were normal, and bar
ring a slight adhesion alone: the median
line the brain itself seemed to be uninjured
by disease.
The right hemisphere of the brain was
sliced in three pieces and the other was
put in a preserving fluid and will be exam
ined thoroughly for evidence of degenera
tion. It i 3 the intention of the doctors to
examine with equal care the otner organs
of Roes body.
The faculty of the Colleee of Physicians
and Surgeons, in which the autopsy was
held, is as follows:
Dr. S. M. Mouser (president, board of trus
tees), Dr. J. R. Lame (president, faculty;, Dr.
Winslow Anderson (dean of the college), Dr.
S. O. S. Potter, Dr. W. F. Southard, Dr. A. E.
Osborne, Dr. E. E. Kelly, Dr. D. A. Hodghead,
Dr. A. E. Regensburjter, Dr. E. G. Frisbie, Dr.
F.H.Payne, Dr. Bartholomew Noyes, Dr. \V.
S. Whltwell, Dr. E. Goodman, Dr. Howard, Dr.
Healey, Dr. G. C. McDonald and Dr. J. O'Con
nor.
VICTORY FOR CALIFORNIA
The Hawaiian Guards Lose in
the Great International
Match.
They Were Eighty-Five Points Be
hind in the Grand
Total.
The First Regiment team of 100 men
which shot a match with the Hawaiian
National Guard team has won the inter
republic match. The California team
made 3952 points out of a possible 5000.
while the total of the Hawaiians was 3867,
or 85 points behind.
The news of the victory was brought by
the steamer Rio de Janeiro that arrived
yesterday from China, via Honolulu.
When the California team shot tor the
$100 trophy the weather was most unfavor
able. It was expecied that the island
marksmen would have an easy victory,
and without great effort beat a 39.52 aver
age. The Hawaiian team was equally un
fortunate as to weather, for on the day the
match was shot— January 10— the wind
blew a gale in Honolulu. As a conse
quence, the shooting was far below the
average, the men scoring less than 39
points average. Marksmen who usually
went close to 45 were fortunate in get
ting 40.
The California team was represented Dy
Lieutenant Philip V. Lansdale and Pay
master W. J. Little, of the United States
warship Alert, who were specially dele
gated by Commander Hanford for the pur
pose.
The scores made by the Hawaiian team
were as follows:
W. N. Smith, Company D, 44; G. Overbacn,
E, 44; Schmidt, B. 43; Austin, F, 43; Hone
void, F, 43; Lemon, D, 43; Morse, G, 43, E. O.
White, B, 42; Fisher, staff, 42; Gouvea, X, 42;
Amark, I>, 42; Moore, E, 42, Fresher, B, 42:
Eivin, staff, 42; Johnson, P, 42; Johuson, U,
42; Kulike, G, 42; Bordfield, A, 42; Coyne, E,
42; Rose, G. 42; Gumffer, F. 41; Gere, D, 41;
button, E, 41; Wilcox, G, 41; Muleltner, F,
41; Luahiwa, F, 41; Taylor, E, 41; Peter
son. A. 41; Frudersdorff, F, 40; Olsen. B.
40 ; Reily, B, 40 ; Wallace, G, 40 ;
Peterson, F, 40; Lewis, D, 40; Cummins,
B, 40; Devanschelle, F, 40; O'Connor, E, 40;
Smith, D, 40; Wilder. D, 40; Sohoefield, B,
40; Charlock, D. 40; Watson, A, 40; Fitzsim
mons, F, 40; Viaa, D, 40; Florel, E, 40;
Camera, C. 40; Hinds, F, 40; Mnhoney, G, 39;
Cook, F, 39; Asblv, staff, 39; King, staff, 39;
Dochalsky, A, 39; Winaut, E, 39; Burnette,
P, 39; Buchanan, D, 39; Sproat, E. 39; W.
Wilder, D. 39; Ferreira, C, 39; Hagerup, B,
39; Nakuina. G. 39; Hapai. B, 39; Giles, B,
39: Kiester, E, 38; Vollberg, F, 38; Ludewig,
F. 38; Miller, E, 38; Ordway, B, 38; Middle
ton, E, 38; Keielpio. G, 38; Mackenon, D,
38; Bailer, D. 38; Bechert, F, 38;
Boyd, D, 37; Kaaloher, G, 37; Sherwood, G,
37; Whitehead, E, 37; Ewtng, B, 37; Ross, F,
36; Johanson, F, 36; Mayne. E, 3ti; Harris,
D. 36; Short, E, 36; Bolster, B, 36; Souza, H,
35; Carlyle, H, 35: Cooitley, D. 35; Schaefer,
stsff, 35; Macy, J0.35; Ferry, F, 35; Rose. G,
35; Speckman. C, 35; Zirbe, P, 34; Jones,
staff, 34; Nott, D..33; gey bold, £>. 33; Spott,
E 33. Kea, G, 31 ; Gippert. E. 31 ; Wall, stafl
28; Coofce, D, 27. Total, 3867.
ERRATIC GEOGRAPHY.
Mountains and Lakes Found on the
Map, but Nowhere Else.
Among the anomalous results that geo
graphical exploration is constantly call
ing to the front is the annihilation of
"landmarks" which have oeen considered
to De firmly established. Less than three
years ago it was discovered that Mount
Iseran, a peak of the Graian Alps, which
figured on all detailed maps of the Alpine
regions with the very respectable eleva
tion of upward of 13,000 feet, had no ex
istence in fact, and the assumed mountain
has since been consigned to oblivion. A
somewhat less complete effacement was
announced in the early part of the past
year in the removal of 7000 feet from
the height of Mount Brown, in
British America— generally credited with
an altitude of 16,000 feet in place
of the 9000 feet, which is now given to it
by Professor Coleman — a condition some
what similar to the experience of Mount
Hood, in Oregon, which, when being
gradually reduced irom its presumed
height of 16,000 to 11,000 feet, brought out
tlie facetious remark that with a few
years more of grace the mountain would
be a hole in the ground. It is not alone
the miner explorer, however, who is re
sponsible for the perpetuation of great
errors of observation. Sir Samuel Baker,
the discoverer of the Albert Nyanza, the
second great basin of the Nile, stated that
from his position on the laKe no boun
daries of it could be traced southward to
the limits of vision; whereas Stanley and
others have since shown that not only did
the lake terminate within a few miles of
wnere Baker stood, but that its southern
shore was actually bounded by high
mountains.
G. Scott Elliot, in his recently published
work, "A Naturalist in Mid-Africa," in
turn corrects Stanley's errors with the no
insignificant statement that "Mount Gor
don Bennett, Mackinaw Peak and Mount
Lamspn are not mountains, but quite in
signinant hills, if tuey had any existence
at all." He also said: "I spent much
time and trouble in trying to discover
where on earth the enormous fresh-water
sea, discovered and christened the Alex
ander Nyanza by Mr. Stanley, could possi
bly be. , This, of course, it is now clear,
has no existence whateyer." And finally,
as the latest negative contribution to geo
graphical knowledge, we have in the
Jackson-Harmsworth report from Franz-
Josef Land (recently brought to London
by the vessel of the expedition, the Wind
ward), the assurance that not a trace of
the so-called Peterman Land of Lieu
tenant Bayer could be discovered, and
that even Lichy Land was merely a dis
jointed arch i pelagic mass of entirely in
considerable extent.
Mistaken Identity.
Senator Hoar tells this story, says the
Washington Post: He was riding on a
train down on Cape Cod this summer,
when he felt a tap on his shoulder, and,
glancing back, he saw a benevolent-look
ing old lady studying his face. "Excuse
me," she said, "but aren't you Mr. Jeffer
son ?" The Senaior thought at first lie
had been taken for Thomas Jefferson, and
he was inclined to be piqued. Then it oc
curred to him that Joe Jefferson, the
actor, inhabits that part of the country, so
he replied benignly: "No, I am not Mr.
Jefferson. Will you be kind enough to
tell me which of his characters I remind
you of? Was it Bob Acres or Itip Van
Winkle?" "A little of both," was the
reply.
NEW TO-DAT.
iODNEY DISEASE.
Evidence Which Proves That Dr. Sanden's Electric Beit Will
Cure It After Physicians Have Failed.
fWr .,,, ■ Disease of the kidneys cannot be con-
<^'^ : -'&m*p'-'& sidered anything but serious in its dangers
•SJ^^^SW^Wi^Tte?^^ to the general health. When the kidneys
/ml!'' -' ' v MIL ■'Jiit;^f''/s%L are weak ' irritated or inflamed th>y refuse
mM /f dS&^^^f^-^^fJf&f^^^ " .' J9 to perform their work properly, and allow
■jwWp '' '',* -■ Y^-fil a great deal of poison to get into the blood.
■F§S»^jb_ rtvl/if//,  : v ££%j*M This destroys the nerve tissue, and soon
SjSSs^^i-^^i^Sffii' the trouble has sot beyond the reach of
\ r \f f-^'y^^Stk-lJly^ medicine. It is sad to contemplate the
: 'l|b^'-'' final result unless a remedy more power-
'w/jj'jftV ' I t'!|jKS'.i'''* ful than drugs is used. Physicians are
I < powerless to relieve a patient in advanced
stages of Kid \Mt : ne disease. The thousands who die of Bright's disease
and other <Mp&- forms of kidney trouble every year prove the impotency
of medicine cSJ|y^| It is in this extreme condition that the best results are
found from "?Aso^ Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt.
'■*** CURED AFTER DOCTORS HAD FAILED.
SACRAMENTO. Cal.. Jan. 18, 1897.
, DR. A. T. SANDEN— Dear Sir: For a long time I have been treated by various doctors for
kidney disease, with great pain in the back as well as other parts of the body. I have been a
great sufferer for about five years, being terribly nervous and afflicted- with severe rheuma-
tism also. The doctors had tried to cure me without producing any beneficial results, and I
was not able to find relief until I tried your Electric Belt. After wearing it only one week my
pain was all removed, and I have found out since my nervousness and pains are permanently
cured, as I have had no return of the trouble. This, astonished me as well as my friends, but
it is truly so. as lam willing and glad to testify. Every one knows me in Sacramento. I have
already recommended your Belt to my friends, and shall continue to do so, as it is a sure care
and does its work well and quickly. Your grateful patient,
E. HIMMEL, 1225 Third Street, Sacramento, Cal.
GET THE BOOK, "THREE CLASSES OF MEN," FREE.
It will be sent, closely sealed, free, to any one interested. It is chock full of let-
ters like the above, and has information of great value to every one who is sick or
weak.
s^SLisrooiswr eliEcthio 00..
632 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
Office hours— B A. M. to 8:30 P. M. ; Sundays, 10 to 1. Los Angeles Office 204 South Broad*
way; Portland. Or., 253 Washington street; Denver, Colo., 933 Sixteenth street.
NOTK.— Make no mistake in the number- 632 Market street.
Any curable disorder is a needless burden. All disorders arising from
indigestion are curable because the cause can be cured to a certainty.
RIPANS TABULES
1
are not a " guess-work " remedy. They give quick relief. The proof of i
this claim may be found in a single tabule. A sense of relief will be felt f
in the stomach as soon as the tabule begins to dissolve. Everyman
employed indoors should carry a few in his vest pocket. Every woman
should keep them in the house. They are composed of the very medi-
cines your physician would prescribe were he called on to treat you for
dyspepsia or any manner of stomach, liver or intestinal troubles.
BURGLARY AND
ATTEMPTED ARSONS
A. House on Eleventh Ave
nue Broken Into and
Looted.
The Burglar Sets Fire to One
of the Bedrooms to Cover
Up His Crime.
The Smoke Is Observed and Firemen
Extinguish the Flames Before
Much Damage Is Done.
A burglary and a deliberate attempt to
destroy the building to cover up the crime
were perpetrated in the house at 423 Elev
en th avenue yesterday afternoon.
The building is occupied by Thomas F.
Denny and William J. Denny and their
sister, who is a teacher in one of the pub
lic schools. All arq absent during the
day attending to tbeir business, Thomas
being a joiner and WUlian: a carpenter.
Shortly after 3 o'clock a smooth-faced
young man was seen to hurriedly leave
the bouse with a large bundle under bis
arm, by a neighbor named Andrews, and
immediately afterward smoke was seen is
suing from the house.
Andrews ran to the fire station on Sec
ond avenue and notified the firemen.
They hurried to the scene and soon extin
guished the fire, which was confined to
one of the bedrooms. The bedclothes had
been deliberately set on tire and the
flames had consumed nearly the entire
bed before the firemen reached the scene.
An examination showed that the burg
lar had effected an entrance by breaking
the glass in a window in the rear and un
fastening the catch.
Every room had been ransacked.
Drawers had been pulled out and their
contents scattered over the floors. Trunks
bad been forced open and money and
jewelry stolen, besides other articles of
value. The place was practically looted,
and the loss will be considerable.
A telephone message was sent to police
headquarters, and detectives were sent
out to the bouse. A careful examination
was made of the premises, and several of
the neighbors were questioned, but none
appeared to have seen him except An
drews, who was, however, able to give a
good description of the burplar, and the
detectives expect to have him in custody
soon, as they think they know him.
Every effort will be made to find bim,
as it is seldom that a burglar resorts to tire
to destroy the evidence of his crime.
The highest lakes in the world are in the
Himalayas, in Thibet, where there Are
some bodies of water as high as 20,000 feet
above the level of the sea.