VOLUME LXXXI.-NO. 85.
DECLARED
A GROSS
OUTRAGE
Greeks Are Enraged by the
Bombardment of the
Powers.
PITTING MIGHT AGAINST
RIGHT.
Hellenic People in a Frenzy
That Would Make War
r Welcome.
i *
FORTS JOINED ■ WARSHIPS IN
THE CANNONADING.
« .
British, Italian and Russian Consu _
Recently F;rtd Upon by
Insurgents
ATHENS, Gkeece, Feb. 22.— indig
nation caused by the bombardment yes
terday of the insurgent position near
Canea by the foreign warships has in
creased, and the action of the powers is
denounced on every hand as a gross out
rage and a wanton disregard of the rights
of Greece. A very largely attended in
dignation meeting was held to-day at
, which strong protests were made against
the interference of the powers, who, it was
declared, were pitting their might against
Greek rig.it. The speakers vehemently
asserted that the country was now more
firmly resolved than ever to spend its
blood and treasure for Crete.
Prime Minister Delyanns addressed tbe
meeting. He declared that the Cabinet
was in perfect accord with the nation.
The Government knew its duty fully, and
would perform it in the face of every
obstacle.
The audience was carried away by the
"warlike words of the speakers, who were
frequently interrupted by cries for war.
There is no denying the fact that the
whole Hellenic people are in a temper
which would make war welcome, v even
against overwhelming odds. They are de
termined to uuhold . Greek - rights and
honor aha will persist in helping the
Christians in Crete, notwithstanding the
attitude of the powers in supporting the
Turk-.
It is reported that Colonel Smolentz,
■ Minister of War, has resigned.
M. Skouzes, Minister of Foreign Affairs,
visited the foreign Ministers to-day and
.protested against the bombardment and
the consequent encouragement of the
Turks. It is stated that several Chris
tians were killed or wounded by the shells
tired by the foreign warships, and that
great havoc was done to property. x,' '
One hundred Turkish prisoners, Includ
ing several officers, are in the camp of
Colonel Vas.os, the commander of the
Greek army of occupation.
Karorakas, a Greek, at the head of 5000
Cretans, has invested the town of Herak
lion. He has cut the water supply and
has summoned the place to surrender,
promising protection to those who do so.
" Eight mndred Turkish troops will leave
for Heraklion and Canea to-morrow. The
transport conveying them will be con
voyed by British and Italian cruisers, to
prevent interference with them by the
.Greek warships.
CANEA, Ckete, Feb. 22.— 1t was learned
to-night that fifty Christians were slightly
wounded during the bombardment yes
terday. The nuns in a convent adjacent
to the insurgents' position were injured.
* The Greek warship Hydra landed sur
geons and obtained permission to embark
the wounded.
It is stated to-day that the forts fired on
the insurgents concurrently with the war
ships.
" The British, Italian and Russian Con
suls, who recently went to Belino to in
quire into the situation there, returned
to-day, bringing with them 170 Mussul
im-ins, who feared to remain in the town.
& The Consuls state that they were unable
V negotiate with the combatants, who
were resolved to right to the end. Both
„side?,. Moslems and Christians, refused to
be hampered with prisoners and therefore
ma-sacred all their enemies who fell into
their hands.
Two thousand civilians and 250 Turkish
troops, with three guns, are still holding
Selino against the Christians, but their
position is critical.
When attempting to approach Canea
the Consuls were fired upon by the Chris
tians, despile the fact tbat they were bear
ing a white flag. The Christians had been
. advised of their arrival, ana this made
their firing on them all the more inex
cusable, as they could not plead that they
thought their carrying of the white flag
was a trick on the part of the Moslem--.
•As they returned to Seiino the Christiana
there fired on their boat*. Nobody is re
purled to have been injured.
The Greek troops have saved the lives of
a nunib.r of Mussulmans who were cap-
! lured by the insurgents at Kisamo Kastel.
Sixty Turkish soldiers who escaped from
VouKoulis, which place is now in the
hands of the Christians, have arrived here.
The account of the capture of the place
agrees with the report already cabled by
the representative of the United Associated
Presses.
l The insurgents at Halena have again
■misted tbe Greet* flag, but have not re
newed their lire on the Turkish position.
/which is about 1600 yards distant from the
' town. • _■'*•'_•".£'■
ENGLISH PEOI'LE CEASED.
An Outburst Blag Take the Hatter Out
of Salisbury's Hands.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 23.— A special
cable dispatch to the Sun, after referring j
The San Francisco Call
Scene on Broadway, Oakland, Yesterday, When the Great Parade in Celebration of the 65th Anniversary of the Birth of
V:!. . . George Washington Was in Line of March, Five Thousand Strong.
to an animated debate in the House of
Commons yistenlcy over the Cretan ques
tion, says: * r -;•*.. *'• ■ ***; ;*"
The British public is becoming daily
more incensed over the Eastern question.
Yesterday's bombardment led by British
ships has .brought the popular temper
almost- to the boiling point. It will not
I require much more to cause such an out
burst of public protest as will in effect
take the matter out of the hands of .Lord
Salisbury's Government.
Already it is necessary to appeal every
day and hour to the popular fear of a gen
eral war in order to prevent the force of
public opinion from breaking all usual
bounds.
This is rapidly becoming ineffectual. As
a matter of fact Lord Salisbury, rightly or
wrongly, has no expectation that war will
develop from the present situation.
It follows that the grewsome language
used in the House of Commons regarding
the dangers of the crisis is designed solely
to quell the public resentment against the
execrable policy which the Government
thinks it necessary to adopt. .'?>-\.
M. Hanotaux in the Chamber of Depu
ties yesterday also succeeded temporarily
in quieting French opposition to the dis
graceful policy which the powers are pur
suing. • - '■"''.'
He, like Mr. Curzon, relied upon the |
Chairman Edward B. Thomas Addressing the Large Audience at the V, IVL L Exercises in Metropolitan Temple.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 23, 1897.
technical vitiation of international law by ,
Greece and insurgents lor justification
of the action of the powers. It must De
admitted in spite ot the absolute confi
dence expressed in ail the great capitals
that the impression is growing that no
progress is being made toward a practical
solution of the problem in Crete.
WILL AOT DRAW BACK.'
To Back Cut Would Cost Ring George
"''.".*.'_;:•. His Crown.
LONDON, Eng.. Feb. 22.— The Athens
correspondent of the Chronicle telegraphs j
that Greece will instantly declare, war if j
the Turkish troops give provocation. He
adds that it would, be impossible to exag
gerate the intensity of national feeling..
Greece cannot and will not draw back. If
she did there would be neither a crown j
nor a Government in. twenty-four hours. '
The correspondent admits that the oppo- j
sition in the Greek Parliament is partly I
responsible for the warlike demonstra- !
tions.
The Daily .Mail . has a dispatch from
Athens staling that the German legation
there is guarded by marines. ; -i" •."-.
x A dispatch to the Times from Heraklion
states that the Mohammedans in the
vicinity of Hierapetra were given a safe
conduct to the latter place on condition
that the Moslems in the town allow the
Christians to , dept-.- nmolested*' The*
Moslems have broken .anh and are detain- !
ing 150 Christians as hostages. . ... .
The Bishop has, urgently appealed to
■ the Consuls of Heraklion to procure the !
liberation of the detained Christians. The I
| dispatch adds that the Mohammedans are j
I pillaging tbe shops of the Christians.
The correspondent revives the story of i
the massacre of the Mohammedans at Sitia
despite the denials of it. Peasants who
have' arrived at Heraklion declare that j
j 1147 were killed through treachery.
GREAT SLAUGHTER IX CRETE.
lteettty-tive Tillages Burned and 97,000
Moslems Stain.
LONDON^ Eng.. Feb. 22.— A dispatch
to the Central News from Constantinople,
says that official reports from Crete say
that the total number of Moslems men, -
women and children — who have been
killed during the present troubles in that
island is over 27,000, and that twenty-live
Moslem villages have been pillaged and
burned.
" 08, SHAME," THEI CRY.
Bnglish Statrsnten Do -Ant All Approve
of Bombarding Cretans.
LONDON. Eng., Feb. 22.— 1n the House
of Commons to-day La.ouchere. Radical,
moved to adjourn with a view of discuss
■ ing the situation in Crete, and tbe motion
" ! was seconded* by John 5 Dillon, the leader"
;of the Irish Nationalists. -
j Right Hon. A. J. Balfour. First Lord of
! the Treasury arid the Government leader
j in the House, opposed the motion, and in
I tne course of his remarks said that there
i was a unanimous agreement among the
! powers to avoid war. The great powers
I of Europe moved with the greatest caution
'■, tc avoid war, and such fears were illu
i sory. The united forces were responsi
l ble for peace, and the naval action which
| they took at Canea yesterday • was forced
; upon them in the interests of pence. ; jfi
Balfour expressed hope tbat the debate
I on Laboucbere's motion would stop, where
j it was, as it would not serve the interests
, | of Europe, nor. would it benefit Greece or
I Grete.
Sir Vernon Harcourt, leader of the oppo
sition, said the country wanted to know
i if j the Government was acting upon their
i old formula, the integrity of the Ottoman
j empire, and if they were doing so he pro
j tested against it. Todettch Crete from
I the rule of the Turk was the only policy
j worthy of . Great Britain, and he hoped
that such a policy would be pursued. The .
Liberals in the House of Commons, he de
clared, would continue to protest against
i any other policy until the emancipation
jof Crete was accomplished. To take up
arms against a people who were, fighting
for their .freedom would not be indorsed
by the country. . .
Prior to the introduction of Labouchere's
motion to adjourn, George N. Curzon.
Under Secretary, stated that the procla
mation issued by Colonel Vaasos, com
manding the Greek troops in Crete, had
promised peace to the inhabitants of the
island. So far, however, the. presence of
the Greek troops in Crete had had an
opposite effect, and it was extremely un
likely that the powers would delegate to
Greece the duty of keeping peace between
the Moslems and the Christians in that
island. The international squadron, he
declared, had no option bat to forcibly
prevent the insurgents from making an
attack upon Canea as they had done in
August. [Cries of ' 'Oh and "Shame!']
H. Campbell-Bannerman, who was Sec
retary of War in the Ministry of Lord
Rosebery, asked that the House be fur
nished with a copy of the instructions
which had been given to the admiral
commanding the British warships at
Cane., and said that the House would be
glad to know whether his instructions
bound him to do anything which the con
certed European powers directed.
Balfour said he would inquire whether
. Continued on Third Page. ,
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
TWO CITIES
CELEBRATE
THE DAY
San Francisco and Oakland
Honor Washington's
Memory.
A GRAND PARADE OF THE
J. 0. U. A. M.
The Y. M. L Hold Patriotic
Exercises at Metropolitan
Temple.
FINE NAVAL AND MILITARY
KEVIEWS.
Races on the Bay— Pigeon-Shooting.
Appropriate Evening Fes
tivals.
The one hundred and sixty-fifth anni
versary of George Washington's natal day
was appropriately celebrated by San Fran
cisco and her sister city, Oakland. The
day was all that could be desired, a slight
crispnesa in the air lending zest to tho
prosecution of outdoor sport,
A grand parade engaged much attention
in Oakland, while patriotic exercises of an
unusually impressive character fitly
honored tbe National hero's memory in
this City. There were military and naval
displays and the people took advantage of
tbe general closing of business houses to
enjoy the holiday largely in the open air.
OAKLAND'S GREAT PARADE
San Francisco Joins in the
Successful Celebra
tion.
Oakland is all right. --^v-
If the Father of his Country could hays
stood at a good post of vantage on Broad
way yesterday morning and gazed upon
the great parade held in honor of the day
that gave him birth his bosom would have
swelled with pride. As it was the breasts
of San Francisco and Oakland patriots
did all the swelling necessary to a proper
sense of appreciation of the magnificent
scale on which the celebration was carried
out.
Even the elements seemed to revel in
the general scene of jollity and gayety,
the air was pure and clear, the sky was a
deep, ultramarine blue, and the god of
day gazed down from his exalted throne
in the heavens wit "i a smile that lit up and
gave warmth to the general effect, and
added the last artistic finishing touches
to what was a day of happiness and gen
eral rejoicing. .* ; ■ -
rejoicing.
There were at least 15,000 spectators
of the celebration in honor of the
one hundred and sixty-fifth anni
versary of the birth of George Washing
ton, held in the beautiful city across the
bay, and it is safe to say tbat few of them
will ever forget it. It will remain a day
to be pointed to with pride as the stand
ard of celebrations. •
When some great event is celebrated in
Oakland in the future there is* no doubt
that there will be many to stand by and
shrug their shoulders with the remark:
"Oh, yes, this is a good enough parade,
all well enough, but you should just have
seen the one held in honor of Washing
ton's birthday in 1897!"
Bright skies, banners, tall-masted flags,
brilliant uniforms, marching columns,
thousands of onlooKers, the blare of
trumpet and roll of drum, martial music,
song, cheers and a waving sea of starry
emblems — that was the programme: and
through it all the great kaleidoscopic
throng surged to and fro, nither ana
thither, to see first one attraction and then
another.
.Long before 10:30 o'clock, the hour set
for the start, the streets were filled with a
dense throng of people from the city and
the surrounding country. The streetcars
gave free transportation to all the scnool
children, and every car that came in from
the suburbs was almost concealed by the
mass of children on' it. They filled the in
side and the car platforms, stood on the
steps, clung to the posts and rails, and a
few of the more daring and ambitious
were perched on the top.
The hour following 9:30 o'clock was a
busy one. The different divisions formed
on the side streets below Broadway, and
though the time of starting was fifteen
minutee behind the schedule, there was
far less confusion than is generally seen
on such occasions, owing to the perfected
plans of the committee. When the
final command was given the column
moved forward in excellent military order.
Little tots in kilts trudged along as
proudly and a great deal more noisily
than their elders, all carrying a flag and
most of them bedecked with bunting. A
large number of girls were also in line.
The councils of the Junior Order of
American Mechanics from Oakland, Ala
meda, Berkeley and this City made a fine
showing with their uniformed organiza
tion. This order took the rear of the line
on account of the fact that the parade was
under its auspices.
Over 5000 persons were in line, and it
took just three-quarters of an hour for it
to march past a given point. The column
marched up Broadway to Durant street,
countermarched on Broadway to Four
teenth street, thence to Washington, on
to Eighth, thence to Alice and finally to
i Tenth. The reviewing stand was placed2
on the east side of Alice street, between
Tenth and Eleventh.
The marshals and aids of the various di
visions were: Second division — Marshal;
C. B. White, Sheriff; aid, H. L. Weitzel.
Third division— Marshal, Al White, dep
uty Sheriff; aid, E. S. Wilkins. Fourth
division — Marshal. J. Sands; aid, L. W.
Carpenter. Fifth division— Marshal, Mars
ton Campbell; aid, George H. Vose.
Sixth division— Marshal, M. K. Miller;
aid, A. P. Heise. Seventh division —
Marshal, A. R. Wilson ; aid. J. Munson.
Eighth division— Marshal, J. C. Sweet;
aid, R. E. Langworthy. J .-.;
The aid--de-catnp to Grand Marshal
Henry Y. Dalton were announced as fol
lows: L. Gilliam, Captain Ellis, Mrs. Cap
tain Ellis, Mr. Simon, Mr. Bartiett, W.
M. Gardner, L. M. Frick, Dr. £. E. Fall,
J. J.James, George Remson, C. H. Haines,'
J. F. Francis, J. W. Dutton Jr., A. M.
Manning, Miss Taggart, L. E. Madison,
H. L. Weitzal, J. L. Lyon, H. P. Lyon, J.
R. Elley, N. W. Leitcb, A. S. J. Woods.
Officers Morrison and Keegan, mounted,
went ahead of the parade to clear the
streets of the throngs. The advance was
led by Chief of Police Charles E. Lloyd,
Sergeant Hodgkins acting as chief aid
and Officer Meyers as adjutant.
The patrolmen marched in platoons.
Company A was commanded by Captain
Fletcher, which consisted of Officers
Peterson, Arnest, Scbroeder, Curtis, Mc-
Carthy. Piillips, Sill, Scanlon, Murray,
Leighton, Henderson, Murphy, Nedder
man, Ham ton, McCloud and Kyte.
Company B was under the command of
Captain Wilson, and consisted of Officers
Andrews, Cooney, Green, Moore, Cocker
ton, Powers, Stable, Kingsoury, Wood,
Sherry, Quigley, Carson, Ely, Keefe,
Jacobus and Clark.
Daring the last lew months the police
have been thoroughly drilled by Captain
Fletcher, and on this, the first occasion
when the two companies have appeared in
public together, -hone to the best advan
tage. Their uniforms were neatly
brushed, their accouterments brightly
polished, and their marching done with
great precision and fine effect.
The police were followed by the grand
marshal and his aids, all mounted on
blooded animals and cutting a dashing
figure. After the grand marshal came
Webb N. Pierce, chief of staff, and C. H.
Miller, chairman of the parade commit
tee. Next in order were the aids.
The aids were followed by the Fifth In
fantry, which led the military contin
gent, in command of Major J. F. Hayes,
commander proper of the Second Battal
ion, Fifth Infantry Regiment, N. G. C.
Three companies were in line: Com
pany A, commanded by Captain C. T.
Poulter; Company G, commanded by Cap
tain W. M. Simpson, and Company F,
Captain G. H. Wethern.
The second division consisted of Oak
land's gallant fire fighters. Marshal
White and his aids were followed by Chief
W. H. Fair and Assistant Chief Fred Mur
doch in a buggy decorated with the Na
tional colors.
Behind the Chief's buggy 'came chemi
cal engine 1, driven by L. W. Calvert, and
ridden by Foreman W. B. Smith and Stew
ard John Fitzsimmons. The engine was
artistically draped with flags and bunting
and banked with white lillies and cypress.
Hose Truck 3. L. G. Walker driving
and Steward James Galvin with him on
the box, followed. The foreman and ex
tramen of the company, attired in their
uniform-- and carrying wicked looking fire
axes, which gave them quite a belligerent
appearance, marched in irontof the truck.
This was true of all the companies, each
marching before the apparatus to which
it belonged.
Next in turn was Engine Company
1. Stoker S. Towns drove the heavy
horses which took: the prize at the recent
horse show and his delight at the honor
conferred on him showed in his glowing
countenance. The ribbons of the lighter
hose wagon were handled by Louis Hoff
man, the veteran driver. A gaudy Jap
anese parasol was spread above the en
gine aud from it hung draperies of red,
white and blue. The drapery on the
wheels was grouped to represent stars.
The hose wagon was loaded down with
American flags and on it stood the silver
trophy won by the department in San
Francisco.
Hook and Ladder Company No. 1 fol
lowed the engine. E. D. Barnett was
driver. Ribbon-trimmed harness decked
the huge black horses of the truck, and
the apparatus was gay with bunting aud
streamers.
Division 2 was closed by engine 6,
driven by Philip Reader, and its hose
cart, over which was spread a Japanese
umbrella. The engine was also appropri-
ately decorated.
The third division was in command of
Marshal P. J. Keller aDd Aid E. P. Wil
kins. Charles Corner, attired as Uncle
Sam, came behind them. Corner, on ac
count of his remarkable resemblance to
the popular pictorial representation of
that famous personification, has long been
known in Oakland by the title of "the
natural Uncle Sam."
He was guarded by Police Officer Rand,
the oldest man on the force, who carried
the old flintlock used by his grandfather
in the Revolutionary War.
Homeier's concert band came next, pre
ceding, the Patriarchs Militant, Oakland
Canton No. 11, I. O. O. F., and a delega
tion from San Francisco Canton No. 5.
The Oakland Canton was commanded by
Captain F. B. Ogden and Lieutenants E.
D. Parish and James FranK. Captain
Duncan headed the San Francisco delega
tion. Colonels J. S. White and J. H. Ap
plegate, Major F. E. Whitney, Captain
G. S. Nai«miih and George Kirk were also
seen in line.' .*'■..■'-_
The School Department was first seen
in the line at this point.. Lincoln School
marched proudly along under vision
of Principal T.. 0. Crawford. The com
pany was composed of about 200 children,
under the command of Captains W. E.
Dargie Jr., Harmon Edwards, Fitzmau
rice, Hannifin and P. Valentine. All the
children wore rosettes and carried flags,
while the school standards were borne
haughtily aloft by Walter Ford and E.
Warner. The drum corps of the school
led. It consisted of fifteen boys, kept In
good time by Leader Fleming and Drum
major Armstrong.
Five posts of the G A. R. followed, Lyon
Post No. 8, Appomattox Post No. 60, Por
ter, Joe Hooker and Lookout Mountain
post*. .Seventy of tbe veterans turned out
under the direction of Commanders W. C.
Barnes of Lyon, S. P. Knight of Appom
attox and C. E. Lancaster of Porter posts.
They were led by the Oakland Junior
Drum Corps, Drum-major William Walsh.
; The Mexican War Veterans followed in
carriages. Twenty-live of the old guard
were in the parade under the direction of.
President Sidney J. Loop.
', The Prescott School children came next
in order, nnder tne command of Captains
Frank- Small, William Wilson, Leland
Sterling, Conrad Grove, Rushton Winder
son and Lawrence Brakett. The children
were supervised by Principal Gulick.
At the head of the children rode little
Herbert Chase, attired in colonial garb,
powdered hair and all. As his diminutive
palfrey pranced around the ladies just
filled the air with "Isn't he cute!" "Whose
chdd is that, anyway ?" and other remarks
indicative of admiration.
A gunboat with a brass howitzer which
every now and then belched forth fire and
smoke, closed the division.
The fourth division was - led by John
son's band, and Company 11, First Regi
ment, Uniform Rank, Knights of Pythias.
Colonel J. P. Abbott of the brigade staff,
Colonel W. J Kidd, Major P.J. O'Kane
and Captain Kauffman of the regimental
staff, were in line. Liberty Company was
commanded by Captain Hussey, Lieuten
ant Dye and J. D. Moller.
Durant School, Principal Dunbar, had
120 boys in line, led by a drum corps of
sixteen pieces. ;
Grant School, Miss Powell principal,
had 80 children, led' by a ccrps of six
drums. ~ •■ .
The Central School, P. M. Fisher princi
pal, had seventy young men in line and a
drum corps of eighteen pieces. The boys
marched like soldiers and made a most
effective showing. " -^« :
Perhaps the most interesting feature of
the whole procession was the company of
Exempt Firemen. The men were in lull
uniform. Miles Doody was in command,
with M. J. Hallahan and B. Barrett as
assistants. Lee Murphy, Joe Doland and
Lincoln Hallahan, as mascots, carried the
colors. This company had in tow the old
engine, "Vigilant 9," which came around
tbe Horn in 1846.
Captain J. J. Harron was the only uni
formed representative of the Veterans'
Fire Association of San Francisco in line.
He is an Exempt of New York, Brooklyn,
Alameda and San Francisco.
Owing to the absence of Clan Macdonald
of the Scottish clans and Court Oakland
of the Foresters, the fifth division was
flattened out to a certain extent. . '■-" ■"•:.
The Clawson School, Miss Colbv princi
pal, was on hand with a representation of
about 100 pupils an.l a drum corps.
Lafayette School, Miss Aldnch princi
pal, also turned out in force.
The sixth division was composed of the
Junior Order of American Mechanics and
auxiliary organizations. Johnson's band
of sixteen pieces took the lead.
Then came California Ccmmandery No.
1, United American Mechanics, in uni
form, H. L. Zimmerman commanding
and G. A. Montol vice-commander. The
Home Guards of San Francisco, also
auxiliary to the Junior Order, was next in
line in uniform, Major Brandon com
manding. Captain Plate, Troop A, Lieu
tenant Cohen and Lieutenant Whiting,
Captain W. Peterson, Troop B, Lieutenant
Manning and Lieutenant Merviu.
The following was the arrangement of
the San Francisco Council of the Junior
Order of American Mechanics': Abraham
Lincoln Council, F. B. Dickson com
manding: Grant Council, W. H. Lord
commanding; Garfield Council, C. G.
Noble commanding, and Starr King Coun
cil, E. W. Close commanding; members
of Alexander Hamilton Council and car
riages containing ladies of the Daughters
of Liberty.
The Oakland councils of the Junior
Order came next, as follows: General
George H. Custer Council, T. Br&dsbaw
commanding; General John A. Logan
Council, Marston Campbell commanding;
Henry Clay Council, W. M. Gardner com
manding, and James Monroe Council.
The members of the Junior Order wore
white canvas cap- and carried red, white
and blue pampas plumes. There were
about 1000 men in line. The Cole School
and Tompkins School assigned to this
division were not represented.
The Alameda councils then came in
turn. George Bennett and C. Irish acted
as standard-bearers for these councils.
The seventh division was composed of
Company D of' the Second Regiment of
the Boys' Brigade, Captain L. Cobbledick
in command; pupils of the Franklin
School to the number of 150, and the Gar
field School, about 50 in number. The
Swett School marched with the Franklin.
The young drum major of the Boys'
Brigade. Cassie Turte.ot, proved to be an
expert in handling the baton, and attracted
only less attention than Master Herbert
Chase.
Following came the Mayor of Oakland,
members of the City Council, Board of
Education, Board of Trade, Merchants'
Exchange, city and county officials and a
long line of citizens in carriages.
First in the eighth and last division
came the Temescal school, of which Mrs.
Wilson is principal, with about 1.50 pupils.
Tbe smaller tots Were trundled along in a
bus and other vehicles, while there was a
carry-all for the ladies R. Maundo, drum
major, led the drum corps.
The Oakland Turn Verein failed to
"turn" out. Fourteen bicycles took their
place. A banner was carried by Wallace
Clark and Everett Rose on a tandem, with
Earl Williams and J. Barry as outriders.
The small boy was in his glory at the
appearance of the Piute Indians. They
rode mettlesome ponies and were in full
war costume, including the red paint
some of them making use of an internal
variety.
The procession was closed with another
long list of carriages and decorated ve
hicles of all sorts.
When the procession reached Alice
street the grand marshal and his assist
ants took up their positions at the grand
stand and reviewed the column. Then,
as the various organizations passed by
they disbanded and the greatest parade in
the history of Oakland was at an end.
There was only one feature that marred
the day. It was understood that no ad-
vertisements should be in the line, for
such was the request of the committee.
One firm of bicyclists on Broadway,
however, violated the tacit understanding
by placing an exhibit in the parade, which,
to say the least, was not even a decent
exhibit,
ON THE CAMANCHE
The Naval Battalion Inspected
by the Legislative Com
mittee.
The National Guard of this section of
the State had its day yesterday, being in
spected by ti:e adjutant-general, A. W.
Barrett, and members of the Military
Committee of the Senate and House. It
was expected that Governor Budd, com
mander-in-chief of the Guard, would have
been present/with his staff, but he was not
present, and the excuse for bis absence
was tbat public business prevented him
from coming to this City.
The day commenced with a visit to the
Naval Battalion on board of the monitor
Camanche, at anchor in the bay off i ol
som-street Wliarf. It had been arranged
.that there was to be an inspection of the
v-ssel and men and then a boa trace be
tween crews of the First and Second divi
sions of the battalion, but the order was
reversed, the race came off first and then
followed the inspection.
The party that went on the Camanche
was conveyed there on the tug Governor
H. H. Mark-am, made attractive by a
liberal display; of bunting. Tbe vessel
was placed at the disposal of tbe party.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1897.
Finish of the Great Annual Race Between the Crews Selected From Divisions \ and 2 of the Naval Battalion. The
Contest Was Stubbornly Fought, but Division 2 Lost Five Lengths on the Turn and Cou-d Not Make It Up.
There were in the party Adjutant-Gen
eral A. W. Barrett, Assistant Adjutant-
General R. L. Peeler, Senator Pedlar,
chairman of the Senate Military Commit
tee, Senator And rous, Assembly man Cross,
chairman of the House Military Commit
tee, Assemblymen Jone-, Godfrey, Mabo
ney. Powers, McLaren and Treacy of the
House Committee, Lieutenant-Colonel
Burgin and Lieutenant Sanborn of the
Governor's staff. Lieutenant-Colonel ""C.
H. Crocker. Captain D. A. Smith, adju
tant of the Fifth Infantry, Second Brigade.
They were received on the tug by Lieu
tenant Dennis of the First Division, who,
in tbe absence of Lieutenant-Commander
Turner, commanded the battalion, and
Lieutenant Elliott, adjutant of the bat
talion. The tug first followed the racers
and. the party on board witnessed some
good work by the men of the naval re
serve.
When the tug was moored alongside of
the iron ship the visitors were received by
Lieutenant Gunn of tbe Second Division,
acting executive officer of the batialion.
The men of the reserve, who were mus
tered on deck, in their neat uniforms pre
sented a, picturesque appearance and
drew from tne visitors many expressions
of satisfaction.
The customary ceremonies observed on
an occasion of this kind being over, the
visitors were invited below, where they
were shown over the berth deck and in
the ward room, where refreshments were
served and they were briefly addressed by
Lieutenant Dennis. He explained What
the naval reserve has done in the past,
what it is doing and wbat it needs.
The party was then shown over the
ship, a number of the inquisitive legisla
tors crawling through one of the port
holes into the turret to see the guns in
side. They asked a great many questions
and they learned a great deal. They ad
mitted tbey saw much to admire in that
branch of the service, and they were of
the opinion that the water militia ought
to have the State assistance it asks for.
The inspection over the party returned
to the tug and was saluted by the boom of
tne Hotcbkiss gun*. Then by direction of
Colonel Chadbourne tin* party was taken
along the City front and out toward the
heads until abreast of the Mabel Gray, tbe
schooner that was dismantled by light
ning. The tug rounded that vessel and
returned to her berth.
When passing the Corwin, which was
dressed in gala attire, tbat vessel fired a
National -lute of twenty-one guns. Some
of the guileless individuals on the tug
were of the opinion that the salute was in
their honor, until they were reminded
tbat the day was a holiday and that the
salute was the one usually fired at noon in
honor of the occasion.
THE BOAT-RACING.
Division I of the Naval Battalion
Captures a F.ag for Fast
Rowing.
"A better, fairer or more hotly contested
race was never seen in California," was
the comment of Henry Peterson after the
first division of the Naval Battalion bad
won the champion flag yesterday. "They
rowed stroke for stroke up to the stake
boat, but on the turn the first division
gained a decided advantage and finally
won by about five lengths." * '?'• J%l'
After the race the men in Division 2's
boat became the guests of the winners in
the boathouse, and a merry half-hour was
spent.
Last year the crew of the Second Divi
sion won the race, and on this occasion
the First Division determined to win back
the flag presented by Irving M. Scott for
annual competition. It has to be won
three times in succession and ' then be
comes the property of the division that
proves victorious. Yesterday R. Shuailer,
W. Giesler, F. J. Murphy, P. Murray, J.
Meyers and George Green, with J. T.
Healey as cockswain, upheld the honors of
the First Division, while T. P. Shroeder
and Messrs. Undgen, ' Olsen, Hansen,
Johnson and Halleday, with T. Rowe as
cockswain, .ought out tbe battle on behalf
of the Second Division. Henry Peterson
was the referee, Lieutenant Calden was
judge for the First Division, L'eutenanf A.
H. Elliot for the Second Division and S. J.
Pembroke was timekeeper.'
The course was from the Camanche to a
buoy anchored off Mission Hook and re
turn, a distance of about three miles.
Considering that the men covered the dis
tance in 20 minutes and 26 seconds, there is
some truth in the remark made by Henry
Peterson, "The best time eve.* made by
green amateurs, in a ship's boat, in* the
world." " v.- ; .? ';'/
The start was a perfect one. Neither
gained a foot during the first mile and a
half, ana when the stakeboats were
reached it was anybody's race. It was
then tbat Howe carried his boat wide, and
Healey, who is an excellent cockswain,
made bis men slow down, and making a
short turn gained at least six lengths on
Division 2. With all that distance to make
up, the boys never lost heart, and set out
on a stern chase. They made up two
boats-lengths, but the strain told on them,
and during the last quarter of a mile they
fell back a length. ; - >
The boys of Division 1 earned their vic
tory. They were all out at the finish, and
not one of them could have rowed an
other half-mile. Murphy was bleeding at
the nose, and his rowing shirt and arms
were covered with his blood; but just the
same he stuck to bis work and stayed by
his ' oar until the boat was alongside the
monitor. When passing the Oregon and
the bark Las Adelpbes the men were
heartily cheered, and when opposite the
schooner on which Schnalier ot the bat
talion had a party of friends the winners
received au ovation. It was a perfect day
for the races, and it was rowed at slack
water and with little or no wind.
"Little Jack," whose clever maneuver
ing really won the race for "Division 1, was
afterward carried down below to tho
bertbdeck by his delighted crew.
Then followed several races from the
battle-ship. The course was from the
Oregon, around the Camanche and back.
The big cutter 13 was beaten by barge 32.
It was nip and tuck with them until they
got into the backwash from the stern
wheeler A. C. Freese. Then the cutter
lost headway and 32 finally won by four
lengths.
In the next race No. 32 was pitted
against . cutter 41, and this time 32
turned the tables and won cleverly by two
lengths. ,
The third and last race of the day was
between dingeys 14 and 24, the former
winning by three lengths.
Harrison, Folsom and Howard street
wharves were crowded with spectators, all
of whom enjoyed the sreciacle. The
British and American ships were covered
with bun tine, and it was one of the gay
est spectacles Been on the bay in many a
day. In point of decorations the Occi
dental and Oriental Company's Doric
easily took the palm, and next came the
battle-ship Oregon. The American fleet
in port showed more flags and made a
better appearance than they have in
years. -J:-.
INSPECTING THE FIRST.
A Review and a Parade on
Van Ness Ave
nue.
In the afternoon the party that visited'
the Naval Reserve proceeded to Van Ness
avenue to inspect the' First Regiment of
Infantry, Second Brigade, Troop A, the
Signal Corps and tbe Cadet Company.
The first carriage contained Adjutant-
General Barrett and Senators Pedlar and
An rous. In the second were Colonel
Peeler, assistant adjutant-general, and
Assemblymen Cross and Powers; in the
third. Assemblymen Jones, Mahnney and
McLaren; and in the fourth. Assembly
men Treacv and Godfrey, Captain D. A.
Smith and D. G. Troy.
The party moved along the avenue to
Sacramento street and took up a position
on the west side of the avenue near Cali
fornia, where also stood Brigadier-General'
Warfield and staff.
The regimental line was formed on the
avenue, and, preceded by Colonel Duboce
and staff, marched up the east side of the
avenue in column of fours. The infantry
marched well, kept distances well and in
service uniform presented a very credit
able appearance, appearing to much bet
ter advantage as real soldiers than when
out in full-dress uniform. The cavalry
and the signal corps also made a good ap
pearance, while the cadet company and
the ambulance corps looked well. There
were about 500 men in line. In counter
matching the companies passed by tbe
reviewing oflicers and committee in com
pany front.
After the inspection the guardsmen es
corted the inspecting party to the Palace
Hotel and then were dismissed.
The chairman of the Senate committee
said: "I am very much pleased with the
appearance of our guardsmen, afloat and
ashore."
Captain Cross of tbe House committee,
an old soldier who has seen service in the
field, said: "The men presented a fine
appearance and marched well, but they
need new hats, and they ought to have
new fatigue uniforms, as those they have
are rather shabby. The Military Com
mittee of each house seems tb be inclined
to do what is right for the guard, but
what will be done I cannot say, for there
is a desire to retrench on all sides."
THE Y. M. I. CELEBRATION.
Saa Francisco Councils Com
memorate the Natal
Day.
Washington's birthday was commem
orated at the Metropolitan Temple by an
annual reunion of San Francisco councils
of the Young Men's Institute. The pro
ceeding*? were patriotic and were highly
enjoyed by a large audience occupying all
tbe seating capacity of the house.
The ball was profusely and handsomely
decorated. The front of the great organ
was draped with many American flags,
and on the ornamented pipes was a pic
ture of George Washington surrounded by
looped-up ; flags. Along the front of the
stage were potted palms, and festoons of
bunting were held up between them by
golden stars. Pendants were draped from
{ the center of the ceiling of the auditorium
to the sides of the ball. The galleries were
also gay with bunting and shields. In
front of the stage sat an orchestra which
played about all the national melodies
that could well be suggested.
Edward H. Thomas presided, with the
following vice-presidents, who were seated
on the stage :
James P. Dockery, John J. Daddy, P. A
Buckley, James R. Kelly, P. C. Kreti, M.
O'Shaugnessy, c. McAoltff. P. E. McCarthy, J.
J. Sh.ehan, J. E. Curran, J. J. Began, William
D. Hicks. William F. Humphrey. Charles F.
Healey, D. C. Dinan, R. E. Fazackerley, James
E. Britt, Edward R. Myrick. Anton. Pilco
vich, J. F. Fitzgerald, Thomas P. James, J.
Bpody, Thomas H. F. Allen', Thomas P. Gren
nan, Edward F. Fay, D. J. McGlory, James W.
McCarthy, J. F. Curley, William H. McCarthy,
William A. Kelly. Fred F. Dunne, Frank A.
Sullivan, Jame* Kingston, R. A. Miller, Ed
ward J. O'Rourke, Martin E. King, D. J. Ma
honey, James J. GUdea, Samuel J. Raskins, J.
J. Barrett, F. J. Kierce, J. J. Lynch, Colonel J.
C. O'Connor, George W. Fattiaon, J. H. Sulli
van, V. Aguilera, Dr. J. R. McCarthy, N. J.
Hoey. - , v
The proceedings were opened with an
overture. Then Edward B. Thomas, who
presided, rose to make tiie introductory
remarks, speaking in substance as fol
lows: ' • *-• ;
Rev. Fathers, Ladies and Gentlemen and
Members of the Young Men's Institute, we
meet here to-day to join with our fellow-citi
zens In celebrating the day which has become
one of National observance, ant which will Le
ce.eb-_ted for all time by the American people
as a National holiday. This will le done in
memory of one wh» was first In war and first
1 1 peace, and who has left a name never to hi
forgott n, lor he stood' for the freedom of
country and of religion. We hope that the
Young Men's Institute will always show it*
love lor the wi-dom and patriotism of George
Washington. W.; .^'-V :
Mr. Thomas introduced Colonel James
F. Smith, who spoke concerning the cele
bration of Washington's birthday by the
institute. Colonel Smith said:
It was fitting that the Young Men's Institute
•hould take some Dart in restoring to its
place In the patriotic calendar the name ot
George Washington. The Young Men's Insti
tute was patriotic. Its principles were love of
God and love of country.
So it was fitting that the Young Men's Insti
tute should have part in ths restoration to the
calendar of the name of George Washington.
It is strange to say that It has ever become
necessary to use the word restoration in con
nection with the great name of Washington.
But it was nevertheless true. In the time of
prosperity the memories of heroes have been
forgotten. But shall it be so that the memo
ries of heroes shall be buried in the season of
our pride? No, no; a thousand times no!
It should be remembered that in the past
twenty-five years the influence of practical
politics has had Its effect on our history. What
has been considered practical has usurped tbe
place of what was patriotic. It had been said
that tne American- people were conservative
and moved slowly. This was not true.- The
calling to mind by the institute some years
ago that Washington's birthday was becoming
a mere ordinary holiday was sufficient to
awaken an outburst «f patriotic feeling; and
the Young Men. Institute tad a conspicuous
part.in calling up afresh the memory of the
glorious services of George Washington.
This was a Christian nation. Its Declaration
of Independence declared a belief In God.
This was reasserted in courts, even on the face
of the money which passed from hand to band.
This was a Christian nation in that It recog
nized God and Jesus Christ. * Here men could
stand together In love with a common God
and in love of a common country.
Miss May Cook sang a set number, and
as an encore sang "The Star-spangled
Banner." The orchestra played ; then
the oration was delivered by John J.
Barrett. He said ?;,'*-'*'-
The day is rich In the cluster of its
memories, In memories of Mount Ver
non and its matchless dead. Washing
ton's birthday would always have the first
place among the festal days of the Young
Men's Institute. The key to Washington!,
life was bis love for God and bis coun
try. His deeds, his genius, his heroism did
not alone give an index c f his career. It was
the love of Washington for God and his native
land that lifted bis life above that of other
warriors.
I This country bad been rich in statesmanship.
This country has bowed to the great of other
lands. So rich was this country in this respect
that It envied no other. This day was there
fore commemorate, with this in view, that the
world shared in our glory In the contempla
tion of the great and good of every age and
every land. In his greatness Washington em
bodied the great qualities of all heroes, and
that made him the most majestic figure In all
secular history— the matchless one of the ages.
The chiefest force in human actions was mo
tive, and that was the supreme test of human
worth. The controlling motive of Washing
ton's life was hl<i love of country and his abid
ing faith in a Supreme Being, He set this ideal
before him in bis youth, and to this be ad
hered. This it was that vitalized bis life and
made h*lm immortal. No one loved liberty
more than be. No one better obeyed a just
law. With him, also, was resistance to tyranny
obedience to God. * ;/ ; .v-.
Mr. Barrett spoke of other names illus
NEW TO-DAY. .
tMen Grow Old
in Vital Power.
— . —
A^n B n 0 Vi 0 ; A £* D DO YOU *" E F.L LIKE A
h?_««si SL bj? , D °y:'« And your powers ex-
-v«m» -_-^_y? tnrel3rT l 8 all ambition, all
v„„™-??"f. from oar nerves? Do you find
which „h^' h inthalelem « jnl of manhood
Thi« ?~? uld , h c lts greatest force now?
?.?« %\Z r a " y of t . hem « are evidences of preina-
lu l? °Re— early decay. ■*■<-■■■-•
«- po * we i' 11011 *_ tho nerve or vital force
_\_-,.VIt. y « d, *J>e<*ds upon the amount of
' When stored in your nervous system,
&-" a«^. y °-, a ***-?*,*_ * row weak your condition
= means decay, It throws in your face th «
_i2at e ion°,,, y0 . UT * Past errors, your excesses, dis-
alty which nature inflicts upon you for disobeyin K P her weTl.knoW-^aw" eaonß - U*' the P en '
Youth Restored.
The vigor of youth may be restored by the proper means. Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt is _
remedy which enjoys a wonderful sale for this so. purpose. It never fails a« i, in -■_. „_
vital energy into the cold, flabby nerves it will and does warm them up ft -Vwiinl in th*™
a new life, a fresh, healthy vigor, and removes the effects of all pa_t mistakes. P v lhem
Old Age No Barrier.
Men past 80 have been restored to the full vigor of manhood by DR. SANDEN'S EI FPTRir
BELT. "I am as strong in that respect as I was twenty years ago " says Tat -.in™ T.J t
Gatos, Cal., after having been cured by Dr. Sanden's Electric Beit at the age of % it «hm
renew the full strength and vigor where there is any nerve power left. Get the hoot .•t_,__
Classes of Men." free, sealed, by maiL Address «*.«_■. tne DOM Three
»_f___>_"T_»-_3_Nr 3_.Xj_E_C3 , , __=B.XO <_}<_>.-
-632 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
- Office hours— A. M. to 8 P. M. ; Sundays, 10 to L Lo» Angelas Office 204 gouth Broad-
way: Portland. Or.. 253 Washington street; Denver. Colo., 983 Sixteenth street"
KO-J-.—p-iake no mistake in the uumber— Q3S Market street.--
-■_W_>e_ft--_-8-_K*fiB l *pm!-tt---._c-i_a»»«-^ -
trious in American history — Lincoln,
Serra, Marquette and others— winding up
with some eloquent remarks, which caused
the audience to pay htm the compliment
of applauding until he twice bowed
acknowledgment. •
Tbe remainder of the programme was
as follows : Tenor solo, William J. O'Brien;
recitation, Miss Lottie Dwyer; bass solo,
John £. McAuliffe; trombone solo, F. K.
Tobin; singing of "The Red, White and
Blue" by tho audience; finale by the or
chestra. All the solo numbers went so
well that encores were demanded.
The annual reunion of the San Fran
cisco councils of the Young Men's Insti
, tute at the Mechanics' Pavilion last night
was a social event of almost unexampled
magnitude, viewed with regard to the
large attendance and fraternal feeling
among the participants. .- ;
From 8 o'clock until a late hour thou
*>ands shook hands, renewed acquaintance,
danced and enjoyed the occasion without
reservation.
A great many visiting delegates and
past presidents of the order thronged the
i-reat pavilion. Major William Fahey,
himself a past president, had charge of
a large visiting delegation. The various
committees of the order were busy
throughout the evening entertaining their
guests, the following being in charge:
Committee of arrangements— E. B. Thomas
(chairman), Edward J. O'Rourke (secretary),
F. J. Drlscoll, M. E. King, M. J. Connerton,
Dr. C. A. Glover, P. J. Wnelan, J. A. Riley,** M.
F. -"ilk, A Pllcovtch, C. Cummins, • James P.
Foley, E. R. Myrick, H. L. McGlnnls, T. P.
O'Brien, J. H. Maloney, J. F. Comyns, D. E.
Hayden, Jobn Hyland, J. E. Owens, P. J. Law
ler, A. T. Coakley, R. Tobin, E. J. O'Rourke,
M. GJbney, M. E. King. T. P. O'Brien, P.J.
Lawler, J. F. Comynt, J. A. Riley. ,
Floor committee— P. J. Hagan, P. J. Whelan,
J. Looney, E. J. Callan, Dr. J. Richard?, T. B.
Slevin, J. J.. Duddy, James Larkin, Charles
McAuliffe, George M. Kelly, M. Flaherty, Frank
J. Foran, George E. Atwood, Chester J. Smith,
H. J. McGinnis. Levin T. Fox, B. J. Seiberlich,
. Thomas F. Harney, A. P. Mulligan, J. J. Smith,
jP. J. O'Donnell, C. R. Gagan, A. Sullivan,
Harry A. Burke.; . w
Floor manager— James P. Foley. Assistant
floor managers— M. F. Silk, Dr. C. A. Glover,
T. P. O'Brien.
V Reception committee— G. J. Youngman, P.
C. Kre.z, W. Adams, D. J. Moynfhan.'R. J.
Shepston. S. 1. Warren, W. J. Kellv, James
Boy.c. Frank Grimes, Fred F. Dunne, E. J.
Gallagher, John Regan, Chares F. Healey,
John A. Dun'eavy, Jose) K. Hawkins, Dr.
-5. J. Cunningham, George R.Maxwell, Louis
& Kast. William J. O'Couuell, C. T. McCarthy,
J. J. liagerty, T. S. Cronin, K. J. Dowdall, Dr.
H. L. Vundre, Antone Dicovich.
The evening's entertainment consisted
of a concert and dancing. »
'7*.:-:: .m • ■
LADIES WERE PATRIOTIC
Puerta del Oro Chapter, Daugh
ters of the Revolution,
Celebrate.
£
It was an artistic as well as a patriotic
programme that the Puerta del Oro Chap
ter, Daughters of the American Revolu
tion, had arranged for the celeoration ol
the immortal Washington's birthday.
The Daughters, beaming, proud and
nappy, crowded Beethoven flail, and the
Sons fringed the walls and stood up in
tbe corridors, givine to the whole scene
an appearance of strength and security.
On the platform, from which the speak
ers delivered their patriotic orations and
the vocalists, in clear, strong notes, sang
patriotic hymn-, the folds of Old Glory
made a picturesque and inspiring back
ground.
Mrs. Gibbons, regent of the chapter, in
a few well-chosen words, bid the -em
bled audience welcome to the first public
meeting of the chapter. She alluded to
the slow, steady growth of the society,
which organized on the 4th of last April
with but twelve members, and now boast
ed a membership of sixty. She described
the organization as an aristocracy fon ndec
on patriotism and not on wealth, and to
Its influence attributed the revival of
patriotism. ':-'■':'."
The most ambitions effort of the day
was the address by Professor Moses of
Berkeley. .  . . -~- -
In a few rapid, ready sentences he coy
ered the early colonial history of the
States, claiming for Washington histori
cal precedence as an ideal good citizen
rather than a general. Coming down to
tho present time Professor Moses de
plored the class distinction that the pos
session of the vast wealth in the gr«*t
cities was fast creating, and considered X
perilous to the Republic. r
To such institutions as the Daughters of
the Revolution the learned gentleman
looked for the" continuance of a Govern
ment of the people and for the people.
The programme of the afternoon in full
was as follows:
"Blue Bells of Scotland," Alta Quartet-
Mis* Ruth Kirke. Miss Isobel Kerr. Miss Ouida
Sargent and Miss Isella Van Pelt; address,
Proiessor Moses; Alta Quartet, "Thee Is One
That 1 Love De rly" ; recitation, "Aunt Ma
haley and the Britishers," Elizabeth Strong
Worthingtoa: paper, "Colonid Musi:" (by
Lydia Bolles Newcome), Waller Campbell.
This paper on -Colonial Music" was
written for and read at the National G. A.
R. Convention at Washington, D. C, in
It was vocally illustrated yesterday
afternoon by Mr*. Rathbone. Mi ss Isobel
Kerr, Mrs. Bert Stone, Mrs. Campbell, W.
C. Campbell and D. M. Laurence
Mesdame* Gibbons, C. A. Weihe C R
Greenleat, H. 0. Hose, B. W. Stone Hor
ace Davis, M. L. Branch, George F." Bow
man and Miss Gibbons and Miss A. W
Beaver acted for the chapter as reception
committee.
THEY SHOT FOR BLOOD.
Olympic Gun Club's P.geon
Tournament at Ingleside
Yesterday.
The formal dedication cf the Olympic*-
Gut* Club's new grounds at Ingleside was
continued yesterday, when live birds re
placed bluerocks. The programme com
prised a twelve- bird match and a freeze
out shoot, something like ninety dozen
pigeons biting the dual in both.
The glorious weather yesterday attracted
an enormous crowd to Ingleside, and the
gun club's tournament secured a very re
spectable percentage of patrons.
There were no less than sixty-three en
tries in the first match of the day, that
number including most of the club's crack
shots.. The prizes consisted of the en
trance money and $25 added by F. R.
Webster, a director of the club, the total
being divided into sums of 50,30 and 20
per cent for 12. 11 and 10 birds respec
tively. In this match the following scorn
were made:
Haight 11, Neustadter 9. Potter 9, Merrill
12, H. Brown 10, Justi:is 9, Barker 12, "Blade"
11, Shlell 11, White 9. Ross 10. Durham 11,
S-aver 10, Lougee 8. Ditz 10, Moore 9. W. C.
Brown 6. Forster 11, "Johns" 10, Holmes 12,
Andrews 11, Eaton 6, H. C. Golcher 12, Whit
ney 12, Owens 8, Grant 11, Lake 10, Wein
mann 10, E. Schuitz7, W. J. Golcher 9, Bosqui
9, Winders 12, Wagner 9, Webb 12, M.skey
12. Black 10, Neumann 12, Weigel 8, Carr 11,
Hall 8, F. Feudner 12, 0. Feudner 10. J. B.
Fanning 12, Fox 12, Clabrough 6, King 10,
Alderton 8, "Coffin" 10, Webster 10, Cum
mings 11, Pritch 5, Smith 8, Randall 11.
(Competitors in the freeze-out received
MR. T. STACKE.
Mr. T. Stacko lives at the Santa Rosa
Hotel, corner Fourth and San Pedro streets,
Los Angeles, Cal. He has used several
bottles of the native sarsaparilla, and is
now convinced Joy's Vegetable Sarsa
parilla is best, "for," said he, "when I be
gan using the Sarsaparilla I had a desire
to rest all the time. My blood was dis
ordered, my tongue coated. At times,
just for a moment, my head swam ; . I was
not the least bit dizzy. I knew my needs
and determined to use a bottle of Joy's
Vegetable Sarsaparilla. I easily procured
the first pottle, and after using for six days
felt better in every way. When I bought
the second bottle I had a little trouble in
getting it. The drug clerk tried to talk me
into using something else. I knew what I
wanted and insisted on getting Joy's
Vegetable Sarsaparilla. I am heartily
glad I bought the remedy and will gladly
recommend it to anyone. Joy's is cer
tainly fine."
No druggist owns- ock in Joy's Vegetable Sar
saparilla. Anydraggist claiming to pay lis ad
vertising bills Is a fraud. .''•'■ .
Don't let the druse clerk talk you Into buying
Something else for Jo. 's Vegetable Sarsaparilla.
He laughs at you wneu > eu leave the corner store
with a substitute. Watch him. V
I Philadelphia
I Shoe CO. No. 10 Third St.
8 STAMPED ON A SHOE MEANS STANDARD OF MERIT
NOBBY, rfl in I
SEAT, Itt M |
STYLISH. L^. f
OEY $2.0,). lilrSlt^***---.
WILL STAND THE TEST.
Our competitor- of en claim that they
sell as good shoes for the mo.nev a* we do.
Don't take heir word for It. or ours either.
But judge for yourself, compare our shoes
and prices with others before purchasing.
W*» know what the result will be. Our
Shoes will *-tand the test, and tnat
Is how we have built up our reputation.
Special for this week: Ladles' Extra rine
Vici Kid Button Shoes, Cloth or XI i Tops,
Kazor or .Medium Square Toes and V-
shaped Patent Leatner Tips, Circular
Vamps and Heel Foxing, Flexible Soles,
Keversed Button Files. Ked ced during
tbis sale to -_.;■. OO. Tlilsline is complete...
new, nobby and stylish. Why buy odds
and ends elsewhere when you can bay
such, a bar.am here for less money?
MS" Country orders solicited.
t_r- Send for Sew illustrated Catalog...
Address — —
18. KATCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.,
10 Third St., San Francisco.distance handicaps all the way from 26 to j
31 yards, in accordance with their skill as '<
exemplified in the foregoing event. The '<■
conditions of the match were as follows: '
The four men last in, out of forty-eight
entries, to divide the pool, and the final
winner to receive n handsome trophy pre- j
sented by F. R. Webster. This was the
most exciting contest of the day and was
not decided until the eighteenth round,
when of the original number the fortunate
residue consisted of Messrs.' 0. Feudner,
Golcher, Seaver and Liddle. Feudner !
eventually won the cup, with Golcher |
close at his heels. The appended scores !
show the number of birds killed by each ;
competitor:
H. Brown 0. Fredericks 2, Shiell 2, Fox 1, j
Lake 2, Carr 3, Whitney 3, Owens 2, White 0, !
Bosqui 3, W. J. Golcher lo*, Webster 0, H. C. i
Golcher 1, Haight O. Wagner 4. Slade 1. Coffin
10, Rindall 3, Grant 1. O. Feudner 10, Justins
_. Black 4, Potter 2, Xaumann 3, Fanning 7,
\\ ebb 7, Winders 3, Roberts 2, W. C. Brown 5,
Mat-key 0. F. Feudner (5, Moore 1. Hall 1, Lewis
0, Ladd 0, Sloan 0, P. Alderton 2, L.ddie 9,
Andrews 1, Neustadter 0, Lougee 3, Barker 0,
Ditz 3. Holmes 3, Johns 6, Cuthbert 0, Seaver
9, Foster 7.
FRATERNITIES CELEBRATE
A Function by Red Men in
Odd Fellows Hall— Degree of
Pocahontas— Other Events.
Modoc Tribe No. 57, Improved Order of
Red Men, celebrated the anniversary of
the birth of Washington by a grand ball
in Odd Fellows' Hall last night.
There were present many noble Red
Men and handsome richly attired lades,
the following officers ot the tribe: G.
Mattson, sachem; I. J. Chapman, se
nior sagamore; J. P. Hoff, junior aaea
more; B. W. Cameron, prophet;
H. J. Hoey, chief of records; F.
E. Jones, keeper of wampum, and
Dr. E. C. Mervfiy, medicine man. The
lollowing-nataed great chiefs were also
present: Great Sachem Josiah Sims,
Great Senior Sagamore F. A. Whipple,
Great Junior Sagamore Georee W. Col
lins, Great Prophet A. Jackson, Great
Chief of Records C. F. Burgman and Great
Sannap Porter L. Bliss.
To the rhythm of excellent music those
present danced until a late hour and were
loud in their praises of the committee of
arrangements, composed of P. L. .Bliss, J.
F. Holman, Gus Mattson, H. J. Hoey, I.
J. Chapman, E. H. Culver, B. W. Came
ron and R. Stevens. B. W. Cameron, the
floor manager, was assisted in his duties
by I. J. Chapman and V. Demarais.
LEAGUE OF THE CROSS.
Company H. Celebrates the Day at
Native Sons' Hail.
Company H celebrated Washington's
Birthday in a very appropriate manner
by giving a grand patriotic entertainment
and ball at Native Sons' Hall. The chief
feature ot the entertainment was an ap
. propriate address by the Rev. Joseph if.
' Glca'-on. Besides the address the follow
ing programme was rendered:
'. Overture.-orchestra; remarks by Chairman
"' v.. A. Breslin; vocal solo, Miss Flora Bristol;
recitation, "'Ostler Joe" (by request), Joseph
Hansen; piano selections. Professor Felix
011(_rt; sentimental solo, "Don't Tell Her Tnat
You Love Her," Jumes Donahue, accompanied
b\* Miss Kitte Donahue; vocal trio— Miss Ella
Malihour, Miss Annie Shuster and Jossph
. *-huster; descriptive solo, Private William
Coghlan, Company H ; National airs, orchestra.
'• „ This' company is the largest in the regi
ment and has recently obtained a new
headquarters at Second.and streets,
which they have entirely furnished and
refitted. To pay off the debt incurred
they planned the entertainment and
_ dance. The arrangements were attended
to by the following committee: Captain
' James C. Power, Lieutenant Joseph Re
" gan, Lieutenant Louis Healy, Sergeant
Thomas Eccles, Sergeant Richard Teller,
Corporal A. King. Private A. McDonnell,
. Private William Walsh, Private John T.
SuHivan, Private William Ryan, Private
John Guinte.
Pocahontas Council No. 3.
.Pocahontas Council No. 3, Degree of Po
cahontas, the ladies' branch of the Im
proved Order of Red Men, gave an inter
esting and entertaining social reunion
last evening in St. George's Hall. The
programme, which had been prepared by
James Hagan, Miss Walworth, Mrs,
Scary, Miss McMahon, Miss L. Tillie, Mr.
Hatfield, Mr. Scary, Mrs. Weisel and J.
Fowzer, included dancing, tableaux, reci
tation and song. %
There were some tableaux, a recitation
by Miss Josie Walworth, vocal solos by
Mrs. Narjot and J. fi. Nichols, and a duet
by Messrs. Castello and Inman. During
the evening the council was visited by
Great Sachem Sims, Great Senior Saga
more Whipple and Great Chief of Records
Burgman, and the grand sachem deliv
ered a timely address on Washington and
the inspiration that the Red Men drew
from his patriotism.
Loyal Rebekah Lodge, I. O. O. F.
Loyal Rebekah Lodge gave an enter
* tainment last night to a large number of
friends in Memorial Hall, Odd Fellows'
building. The committee of arrangements,
composed of Mrs. Lillian McFarland,
Mary J. Bell, F. Linehan, M. J. Simpson,
A. ,N. Copser and F. W. Warren,
ppjffered a very fine programme of
music, song and an original shadow pan
tomime entitled "The Bogus' Dime."
This as it was shown on the canvas was
explained by a recitation of the plot by a
• poung lady, and it afforded a great deal of
.musement. It was a clever production.
After the programme there was a fish
pond party and dancing.
Sunset Council, O. C. F. *
A very pleasant time was had last even-
Bg by the members of Sunset Council of
the Order of Chosen Friends in Social
Hall, Alcazar building. The programme
presented to the members and their
friends included a lecitation by Miss
Irma Scott, duet, banjo and piano, Miss
Carrie Belle Brown and Mr. Hastings; a
mandolin quartet and a zither duet by J.
Regensburger and H. Sonnenberg. This
was followed by dancing.
Ml* Carrie Belle Brown, Mrs. B. Levy,
Mr. Berry and Mrs. Lowe formed the re
ception committee.
Kequieni Mass for Dead Members.
Requiem mas-* was celebrated in St.
Mary's Church on California street yester
day in memory of dead member* of Igna
tian Council ot ti.e Young Men's Institute.
The services were attended by the council
in a body. ■ • 7 -. ,:'J
DECLARED A
GROSS OUTRAGE
Continued from First Page.
the instructions forwarded to the British
admiral could be produced. He would
say, however, that the admiral was not
bound to act with the other powers
against his own judgment.
Sir Charles Dilke said that the Greeks
had reason to believe that Great Britain
had twice Jed tbe concert of Europe to
prevent them from getting what they
otherwise would have obtained. The feel
ing of the country, he declared, was al
most unanimously on the side of the
Greeks.
Labouchere's motion was rejected by a
vote of 243 to 125.
ERAACE'S EVIICV CRITICIZED.
Deputies Who Do Xnt Favor Interference
of the Fuxoers.
PARIS, France. Feb. 22.— 1n the Cham
ber ot Deputies to-day the Government
was sharply questioned by the Socialist
leaders, M. Jaurrz and M. Milieraud and
others, in regard to the situation in
Crete, and in the ensuing discussion
on various motions the Government's
general policy in the East was severely
criticized. BP_B
In references to Crete, M. Jaures and M.
Milleraud, who were supported in their
views by a number of other Deputies, held
that the manifestations in favor of tho
severance of the island from Turkish rule
which had been made by the French
students was in full accordance with the
generous and humanitarian sympathies of
France, and declared that if Crete should
be left to the Sultan a renewal of the mas
sacres in the island would result, and civ
ilized countries would alone be responsible
for the outpouring of blood.
Replying to the interpellations, M.
Hanotaux, Minister of Foreign Affairs,
read the obligations of France to co-oper
ate with the other nations of Europe.
Crete, he declared, had been placed in the
hands of the powers, who would not re
store the authority of the Sultan in the
island, but would not infringe on the
authority of Turkey. The will of Europe
would be forcibly impressed upon Greece
and also upon Turkey. Greece's inter
vention in Crete was capable of inciting a
general war. The powers would know
how to check such ambition.
In conclusion M. Hanotaux said it
would be necessary to effect reforms in
the entire east without the co-operation
of the Sultan.
Turks and Greeks Meet.
VIENNA, Austria, Feb. 22.— dispatch
received here trom Salonica states that an
indecisive encounter between Turkish
redifs, or reserves, and Greek troops has
taken place at Na«chliuza, on the Greek
frontier. About 180 men were engaged
on each side.
BENIN CITY CAPTURED.
Success of the British Expedition Sent
to Fun sh the Murderous
King.
BRASS, Niger Coast Protectorate, Feb.
22. — The expedition which was formed to
punish Drunami, King of Benin, for the
murder of the members of a British expe
dition which was attempting to reach
Benin City, has been entirely successful.
The expedition has captured Benin City,
and the King is a fugitive. He fled north
ward, but a part of the expedition is in
pursuit of him, and it is expected that he
will be taken prisoner.
When the expedition entered the town
it wa3 found that it well deserved its
name of the "City of Blood." Many vic
tims of the juju, or fetish priests, wer'*
found crucified, they having been . acn
ficed to the various gods.
The juju-honses and the compounds
were reeking with the blood of those who
had recently been beheaded in the re
ligious ceremonies. In the firing that
took place before the town was captured
seventeen European and twenty-three na
tive members of the expedition were killed
or wounded.
No trace was found of Mr. Campbell, a
Consular official who was captured by the
Beninites at the time of the massacre, and
it is supposed that he was killed by his
captors shortly after he was made a pris
oner.
Harrison's Baby Httih.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind , Feb. 22.— 1t is
understood that General Harrison's baby
will b? called Ruth, though Mrs. Harri
son would have preferred the name Mary,
after ber mother, but for tbe fact that
there is already one Mary in the family,
that being Mrs. McKee's name, a friend
suggested Italine to Mrs. Harrison, but
she preferred the plainer one of Ruth.
Features of the Big Oak and Parade Held Under the Auspices of the Jr. O. U. A. M.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY" FEBRUARY 23, 1897.
COLLIS LANDS ON
HIS PINS AGAIN
The House Decides to Pay
the Southern Pacific
$1,300,000.
An Item in the Deficiency Bill
Bitterly Fought by Sayers
of Texas.
D:ck*;ry of Missouri Scores the Rail
. road Magnate, Accusing Him of
Ma querading.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 22,—Al
though the House was in session to-day
tbe members were not allowed to forget
its historical significance. Flags floated
from tbe acme of the Capitol and Chap
lain Couden in an eloquent prayer made
patriotic reference to tne father of his
country.
This happened to be the day set apart
under the rules for the discussion of busi
ness relating to the District of Columbia,
but Chairman Babcock of tbe District
Committee graciously gave way to Chair
man Cannon of the Appropriation Com
mittee, by which, arrangement District
bills were to come after the deficiency and
naval appropriation bills had been dis-
I posed of.
, When the deficiency bill had been taken
up in the committee of the whole the bit
ter fight that was waged in the House
some weeks ago over the Pacific funding
bill was renewed to some extent.
Sayers (D.) of Texas offered amend
j ments to the paragraph in the bill for the
! payment of judgments to the Southern
! Pacific Railroad Company, one ot them
j striking out $1,300,000 to pay the balance
j of the judgment of the Court of Claims in
j favor of the Southern Pacific Company.
Savers said with vigorous emphasis
| that this was the old fight that had been
I going on since the Fiftieth Congress.
I Now the question was whether the com
mittee of the whole would reverse the ac
i tion of the House and give to the South
j crn Pacific this $1,300,000. That company
| had control of the Central Pacific and all
its branch lines, and he asked should not
! this be held as an offset to secure its pay
| ment of indebtedness to the Government?
! Congress ought to '■cc now that it was en
! gaged in a death grapple with these rail
roads; that no money was appropriated
| for the settlement of the indebtedness be
tween the Government and these com
j panics; the validity of the judgment was
dmitted, and it could not be denied that
! the Government owed the amount named.
I But as the stockholders of the Southern
j and Central Pacific companies were one
and the same and one was in a condition
I of bankruptcy the House would be dere
j lict in its duty if it paid over the $1,300,
--1000 to the Southern Pacific Railroad,
which was one and the same as the Cen
tral Pacific Railroad Company.
North way (R.) of Ohio maintained that
the amount of the bill was a legal judg
i ment and should be paid. He quoted the
Supreme Court of the United States ln
support of • is contention. ■-•■•.
In the course of a short speech Dockery
(D.) of Missouri criticized C. P. Hunting
ton. He contended that Mr. Huntington
j had diverted from the Central Pacific
j traffic which belonged to that line and in
■ that way deprived the Government of the
j amounts to which it was justly entitled
| under the Thurman law, and looked for
, ward to the time when it could be bought
| for a nominal sum.
Dockery said he appealed for even
handed justice and would not discuss
legal technicalities. The Southern Pacific
was but a mask, a disguise behind , which
the Central Pacific masqueraded at the
expense of the Government.
Dockery replied somewhat testily to an
interruption by Bingham (R.) of Penn
sylvania and said dramatically: "I chal
! lenge the gentleman from Pennsylvania
! to read the list of stockholders of the
Southern Pacific and of the Central Pa-
I cific to see how nearly alike they are."
He referred to ''this defaulting corpora
tion, alias C. P. Huntington, and his
brother stockholders." and went on to
read figures showing that on January 1.
1899, Mr. Huntington would owe the
I United Slates over $60,000,000. He ap
i pealed to the House not to pay this claim
I at a time of widespread depression.
A vigorous defense of the judgment was
. made by Grosvenor. (R. of Ohio. This
matter presented a simple question of
| law, he said. It was not a matter of pas
sion or prejudice. He did not know C.
j P. Huntington personally, but ho knew of
aim as a man who ployed. 40,000 labor
j ers and paid them high wages; who had
! built up a great industry at Newport
News, Va., in a time of wide depression,
i and against whom there had never been a
strike of laborers.
Grosvenor objected to any attempt to
make the Southern Pacific suffer because
another company had defaulted to the
United States. Here was a railroad that
had never defaulted and was never given
a dollar by the Government to aid it-* con
struction. It had entered into a lawful
contract with the Government and the
contract-price should be paid.
Bell (R.) of Kansas spoke in favor of
paying the judgment, while Maguire(D.)
of California opposed payment. The lat
ter contended that an equitable right had
risen in the United States sun rior to this
judgment and any court would support
that right in case of a conflict. The ques
j tion was whether the Southern Pacific was
j in such relation to the Central Pacific as
! to justify the treatment of this judgment
I in law in the same way as judgments of
the Central Pacific were treated.
Hepburn (R.) of lowa defended the ;
item. He asked the opposition if they
were going to refuse to pay this debt sini'
ply because they had the power to refuse
w^___ ww^ w _ ww _"» .*-..*_ ' NEW TO-DAY-CLOTHING. .V:' i. *.. : J '.''. J. --\i:'t 1 :' % 'v- v i
-: fi * _^^^I^^S!v" The Last Days
fijaSf js_r; H wlJ^^^K!^^ 3 * Hp^^^^ Wonderfully large is the fig- a ry will be in- /:/ '\,
W 11 |9Bi^#| i -a; ure above ' wonderfully large teresting for <---^' S'
11 Rill 1%^ N 1 s^^T- _m\v*^\%' The figure is bold and silent, price Tuesday at
11 ill I •Hi 1' 1 \\ 1 1 bSfe^Sk" a7t^ popular store. It's the nr --^^,j^ a
\1I! i I ill I •- \\ 1 :^^© highest grade of fine clothing Tuesday Again
• lin 5 \lilll x\\ \ \'W&W&& ever offered at even double the
I 41(1:1 j |!| T^ II : fe%^ challenge price. ... m,tV\^h some Scotches
II Hi if -?^m\ \ 1 v S>i li L some Scotches
I " illlll 111 I .-^~'#\\ \ • Opposite yon see the graceful, V^^^te&, in Short Trous-
\ imJl \l I \\'\ dressy Cutaway Suit, the swell ~^S!^^(\J\ er Suits, a^es 9
II llfl l ,fc 11 \\ l 1 Double- Breasted Sack, -made nTi U VdV \% «^o 7-T 7/ />% t- <-
-11 if f; M Hft A.i from those imported Black Clay B|£&f gfl handsome ml
ll ill 1/ \Bi II 11 1< > 77"/* J. J «—__»_»»,__> «7 ¥ yl /•■'St. *i — !■'" l-'/l naibuoume COy-
I 111 I VM. 1/ ft worsteds, exquisitely tailored. Ws-pS D*L/>/ 77 7
Will m X&% Your tailor Wouldn't dream of KM^rWf all-wool
MST' c£? Y\ ■ making a like suit under $40- Oh suits ; the trous-
*&r \^. we're not overdrawing the price /swWf ers made with
—we know what we're talking ' •MJfnßVf double seats
™ , ,^^^ ' — about. VJa_j# and knees; blues
rII I— l ¥_-/ _) A I^.Tl^.Tl "™^ in^ Our price, the Challenge price, £~ | among ' em, in-
I I™"^ /% j j 1 &w^ to make our competitors put up eluding
Vl M JL___* JL__*#.ll_l 1 I -if Jfv^ or forever be silent, is An Extra Pair of Pants.
*■ . -.-.-.jlnQ OO— — ■■
trvTrrrziiTrriiinratt^^ --—sp^.w^ — -Y ne g g u t an^ p arh f S are wor t7i
k not less than $Jf..70. Your pick
CHALLENGE! '^Akm^ -So-
ryT-Trff7rrsTT-irinnnnr_'r pftK^lS^^^^P^^l^P^S Some 600 g^ — c_ 2 -= —^
J"f^9f ei^fei (Zflr7/,9 to-day since we threw to the breezes llf-4; iPf^^^^^K?^^^B som6e^ ects ' ex " I
our challenge flag, and how the people have enjoyed it, HP'™ t^| W^^^y^H the 'cloth ™ alone \ I j
how the people have bought, how the people have been im X^_y 1 (ffp\l_ 3 will cost more, \ \ \
pleased, and how silent our competitors have been is ¥// i\ I 11^5?""" hut the last \ 1 j
i simply astonishing, and it's surprising that such a\Vf^ !\%S*A 11 ==^ days ti? e \ U^
big business, such an awfully big business, should be ¥1 I \__MrS JH o MtoJiw2%*%
done in the month of February. wl Ij fisß-H fl 15c
It is simply wonderful ; it shows that the people are 9 fN| fl If
excellent judges of merchandise. It shows that they if- | B|Bi' f 1 1 "
realize that when a, house is offering bona-fide $18, I I fillll _ 11— J Ladies' Fedora Hats.
$17, $16 and $15 Suits, Overcoats and Ulster's at j Jffi-^^^SrfWL \ 1 /i/nRv r^ / f/7
NINE DOLLARS . Wf^^^Bl^wi:; ;
_»•'■*. i. * ' ** * *a^——^a—i ——^mmam amm\. -****k _---_ __k *^-M^P*  7 / L»—sr^ ' "** JCfftt/g*% V9_ff__Jllf 7/7 1 T ll l) ii fj f* H*
That they know it, that they appreciate it. It's merely £^J*^™ eaut y ,R?«^-S_3__fe
done as a challenge. We wanted our competitors to P SZ^'Ju^^ a K^^^ t and steel gray.
put up or forever after be silent. They've never put un E^tr^ltli^m^'^ -S»J*_S-_{3. ' m&£tFs%?
such values at nine dollars-they can't do it-thats all °'S u m - w and ** '»"' SpecMtTduyL J J
there is to 7,, $9.00 —65c—
liA _S_E__-_F '' S^ == MDUIW^
aasroo-=?,FOK-_A.T__]D), OPEN || IX F rj H n I J If
the Fiasco boys EVENINGS XtlX X JLXIHJJLI U
9, 11, 13 and 15 Kearny Street. S? 9, 11 13 «ISj am
when the highest tribunal in the land said
it should be paid.
Closing the debate Cannon (R.) of Illi
nois said that tor ten years the appropria
tion bills, in Republican and Democratic
Congresses, had been devoted to pay
ments for services over these bond-aided
roads without protest.
Cannon sketched the reasons for paying
the judgments, adding: "Here is the
opinion of the courts; here is the judg
ment; hare is the practice. But some
body says: 'Tt'is a railroad. Throw it
into fits.' He did not stand for corpor
ate interests, but he had never done any
thing against them merely to win ap
plause from an unthinking people.
The vote on Sayers' amendment was
then taken and resulted : Ayes 72, noes 97;
so that the judgment in favor of the
Southern Pacific was not stricken out.
The other two Pacific railroad amend
ments were also rejected.
Objection come from many parts of the
House when an attempt was made to re
insert by unanimous consent the para
graphs stricken out Saturday for the pay
ment of special employes of the House.
A lively time ensued while this question
was before -the House, and the greatest
confusion prevailed, but Cannon finally
ended matters by moving that the com
mittee rise. This wa* agreed to, and the
bill was reported to the House. The first
amendment asking a vote was that sink
ing out an item of $12,000 to pay members
the amounts deducted from their salaries
j for absence. It resulted: Ayes 112, noes
| 96, the House refusing to refund the
! amount deducted.
Before the vote was announced Owens
(D.) of Kentucky made a point of order
against the vote of Maddox (D.) of
Georgia on the ground that he was one of
the beneficiaries under it. Maddox said
he believed he had a right to vote, as he
voted against his own pecuniary interest
Sneaker Reed declined to entertain the
point.
A motion to recommit the bill with
instructions to strike out the Southern
Pacific judgment was defeated, 120 to 138.
The bi.. was then passed.
A conference report, on the bill to pre
vent Federal officials from speculating in
or prosecutiut- claims against the Govern
ment was presented and greed to. The
House then went into committee of the
whole on the naval appropriation bill.
Daizeli (R.) of Pennsylvania wanted an
opportunity to reply to McMillin's criti
cism of Justice Shiras of the Supreme
Court for his action in the income-tax
case, but Boutelle (R.)of Maine, in charge
of the naval, bill, was afraid this would
lead to a political debate, and would not
grant the request.
In explanation of the bill Boutelle re
ferred to the armor-plate investigation
and told now the committee had arrived
at its conclusion regarding the plate.
Congress had provided at its last session
that no contracts should be made for
armor for tho three battle-ships then
authorized until the Secretary of the
Navy could investigate and make a report
on the cost of manufacturing armor-plate.
That report had been made at this ses
sion, and the Committee on Naval Affairs
by providing that the total cost of armor
for the three ships should not exceed $400
a ton had followed the report. It was fair
to say that the manufacturers of armor-
did not agree with the Secretary's
conclusions. But the Secretary ;said 'he
had given his best judgment, and the
committee, without attempting to fix the
price themselves, had most wisely ac
cepted the report of the Secretary of the
Navy as in the nature of the depart
mental estimate.
Concerning the action of the committee
in leaving out an appropriation for new
ships, Boutelle explained that that omis
sion represented in no possible sense any
laxity on the part of the committee in
pushing forward the building of the navy.
The committee had done so out of con
sideration oi the condition of the finances,
and of what is believed to be the temper of
the House and the inability to obtain
armor for the three battle-ships now on
the stocks.
During the reading* of the bill Barrett
(R. of Maine made a point of order
against the item for clerical hire at the
Puget Sound (Wash.) and Port Royal
(S. C.) naval stations, and they were
passed over temporarily.
The committee then rose. A joint reso
lution was passed directing the Secretary
of War to deliver to the citizens' com
mittee of the National encampment of the
G. A. R., at Buffalo, N. V., one con
demned cannon to be used in furnishing
memorial badges.
A conference report on the bill appro
priating $250,000 for closing , the crevasse
at Passe a I' Out re, La., was presented and
agreed to.
The House then, at 5:20, adjourned
until to-morrow. .: >
WORK OX THE HOLIDAY.
Senators Listen to the Reading of Wash
ington's Farewell address. -
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 22.—De
spite the rainstorm, the galleries of the
Senate were crowded when the session to
day opened, but the attendance of Senators
was unusually small. On the Democratic
side of the chamber there were eight Sena
tors in their seats while the journal of Sat
urday was being read and on the Republi
can side twelve. J^-'^-Ui-l
The reading was closed at 12:20, and
then the "absence of a quorum was sug
gested. The roll was . called and was
responded to by fifty Senators, and then,
in pursuance of the order made a few days
since, . Daniel (D.) of Virginia took a
position by the side of the Vice-President
and proceeded to read Washington's fare
well address, in commemoration of Wash
ington's birthday.
The reading occupied one hour, and at
its conclusion consideration of the Indian
bill was resumed. The pending question
was the committee amendment making
temporary provision for contract schools
for Indian children, the vote having been
ordered for 1 o'clock. The amendment was
agreed to by a vote of 48 to 8. The nega
tive votes were given by Senators Brown,
Cannon, Chandler, Gallinger, Lodge, Pef
fer, Piatt and Thurston.
Hill (D.) of New York • presented the
credentials of Thomas C. Piatt as his suc
cessor in the Senate from March 4 next.
An amendment was . offered by Gallin
> ger (R.) of New Hampshire and wa'p
agreed to, declaring it to be the settled
policy of the Government hereafter to
make no . appropriations whatever for
education in auy sectarian school.
Another amendment was offered by
Gallinger declaring that all appropria
tions for contract schools shall absolutely
cease and terminate at the end of the
fiscal year 1898, but it was ruled out on a
point of order that it was general legisla
tion by a vote of 28 to 22.
Gallinger attacked an amendment of
the committee appropriating $8000 for the
purchase of 320 acres, at not over $25 an
acre, for an industrial farm at Flandrau,
S. D. He did not think farming lands
out there were worth any such price.
' Pettigrew defended the amendment, but
action on it was postponed. A similar
item for the Indian school at Pierre, S. D.,
was also postponed.
In the further course of the debate Gal
linger criticized some of the minor items
in the bill.
Pettigrew retorted that the place to
begin economy was not in matters of small
appropriations; it could better be com
menced in matters of greater im
portance; it should be practiced in con
nection with the millions that were ap
propriated for the construction of ships
that would not float; in the building of
battle-ships that were rusting away, and
in striking out the appropriation of ten
millions of dollars for fortifications that in
view of the treaty of arbitration would not
be needed.
Gallinger said he shared the feeling that
we ought not to go too deeply into naval
appropriations in view of the deple'ed
condition of tbe treasury, but he did not
believe he was violating any of the secrets
of the session when he said there was very
little probability of the treaty arbitration
being ratified, at tbis session of Congress
at least.
Gallinger said tie understood very well
that the Senator from South Dakota took
very little interest in the naval bill, for
the reason, situated as be was, that he
could, in case of attack, take to the Black
Hills for safety.
The bill was laid aside.
A message from the President vetoing
the private pension bill for Maria . S«-mer
lat, widow of a private soldier, was laid
before the House and was attacked by
several Senators. Among others Morgan
sneered at the idea of the small aggregate
amount of all tie pension bills passed by
this Congress as compared with the
amount paid to the "bond syndicate."
Gallinger referred to Cleveland's vetoe 1 *
of pension bills as "trivial and foolish,"
and Hoar asserted that such private pen
sion bills had never been questioned until
the modern method of finding fault with
them came in vogue.
The veto was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
A resolution was offered by Allison and
was agreed to for daily sessions at 11
a. m. from and after Wednesday next.
The Senate at 6p. m. adjourned until to
morrow. . -
Lord Brasxry Injured.
MELBOURNE, Australia, Feb. 22.—
While out riding to-day Lord Brassey,
Governor of this colony, was thrown from
his torse and severely injured.
34
WORK OF THE STATE LEGISLATURE.
Bills Introduced by Wholesale,
But Very Few Measures
Have Become Laws.
So Far the Assembly Leads in Activity,
Though Only a Small Fraction of the
Business in Both Houses Has
Been Disposed Of.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 22.— This is the fiftieth day of the thirty-second session of the Legislature of California, and
were it not a legal holiday would have been, under the joint rules, the last day on which bills could be introduced without the
consent of two-thirds of the members. As it happened Saturday was the last day for the introduction of bills, and several
members in each House were taken rather unaware by this circumstance, and now mourn the lost opportunity of paternity to
a more numerous progeny.
Taken on the whole pretty fair work in the matter of introduction of bills and other measures has been done, though
the aggregate has not come quite up to that of the last session, In view of the fact that the flood of new business has now
virtually stopped, it is interesting to review what has been accomplished during the fifty days in both houses, and to ascer
tain in reference to the Legislature as a whole "where it is at."
Notwithstanding the large amount of time consumed in the Assembly over the Duckworth and State Printing Office
controversies, that body holds the record for greater industry, both in the number of measures introduced and in the amount
of business dispatched, as tbe following figures will show:
Bills introduced in Senate, 728; bills introduced in Assembly, 973; joint resolutions in Senate, 15; joint resolutions in Assembly, 28;
constitutional amendments in Senate, 39; constitutional amendments ia Assembly, 39; concurrent, resolutions in Senate. 4; concurrent
resolutions in Assembly, 7; total measures in Senate, 780; total measures in Assembly, 1047. _-,-.( ' _ ,* . 7.
Bills finally passed la Senate, 171; bills finally passed in Assembly, 199; measures on the file of the Senate, 380; measures on the file
of the Assembly, 420; measures for third reading in Senate, 58; measures for third reading in Assembly, 111; measures for second reading
in Senate, 180; measures for second reading in Assembly, 217. ;-— - '•; '■ .'
So much for a comparison of the work in the two branches. An equally interesting showing is made by the figures giving
the business of the Legislature as a whole:
Total number of measures introduced, 1833; total number finally acted upon (passed or killed), 245; measures that have become laws,
18; measures that have been killed, 109; measures that nave passed both houses, 58; measures that have passed the Senate only, 95; meas
ures that have passed the Assembly only, 123; measures still in the hand ot the committees of either House, 782.
From the latter group of figures it will be seen that but a small fraction of the business has thus far been disposed of, as
hut 245 out of the 1833 measures introduced have been finally acted upon, while nearly half of the measures are still in the
hands of the various committees of one or the other House. Those who have been watching most closely the progress of
affairs are of the opinion that it will be at least another four weeks before adjournment sine die is taken; that is, March 20
while the more hopeful place the date for dispersion on March 13.
Measures Hint Hare Become Laws.
The following bills have passed both
houses and received the approval of the
Governor:
S. B. 00, by Dwyer— An act conferring power
upon the governing body of cities of the first
class to provide for the erection of a munici
pal hospital, and to levy a tax tnerefor.
S. B. 107, by Pedlar— An act to reouire an
Inventory of State and county property, and
directing that a record of the same be kept.
S. B. 195, by Pedlar— An act to regulate
medical practice to prevent blindness in in
fants. .\ ..
S. B. 200, by Voorhies— An act making an
appropriation to pay the expenses of electors
of President and Vice-President of the United
States of America,
A. B. 10, oy Bridgford— An act lo amend
section 29 of an act entitled "An act to pro
vide for the organization and government of
irrigation districts, and to provide for the
acquisition of water and other property, and
for the distribution of water thereby for irri
gation purposes," approved March 7, 1887.
A. B. 41, by Linden berger — An act to amend
section 1409 of an act of the Legislature of
the State of California entitled "An act to
establish a Code of Civil Procedure," relating
to the support of families of deceased persons
and the distribution of the estates of deceased
persons, where the value of the whole estate
does not exceed the sum of $1500.
A. B 70, by Foreman— An act to amend sec
tion 165 of the Code of Civil Procedure of the
Plate of California, relating to the powers of
Justices of the Peace to call in other Justices
of the Peace to act in their place and stead.
A. B. 120, by Wright— An act to provide ad
ditional support and maintenance, and for
the acquisition of necessary property and im
provements for the University of California,
by the levy of a rate of taxation and the cre
ation of a fund therefor.
A. B. 152, by Dibble— An act to amend sec
tion 529 of an act entitled "An act to establish
a Political Code," approved March 12, 1872,
relating to public printing. JSS-jM
A. B. 164, by North— An act to amend sec
tion 2131 of the Civil Code of California, re
lating to luggage.
A. B. 253, by McLauren— An act to increase
the number of judges of the Superior Court of
the county of Santa Clara and to provide for
the appointment of one additional judge.
A. B. 261, by Bettman— An act for. the ap
pointment of a commissioner to represent the
State of California at the Central American
Exhibition, to be he'd in the city of Guate
mala on March 15, 1897; and to prescribe bis
powers and duties; and to authorize the ap
pointment of a clerk; and to provide for the
expenses of said committee ana the compensa
tion of said clerk, and for certain expenses of
tbe California exhibit at said exhibition, and
to appropriate money therefor. *"•***■*
A. B. 280, by Canavan— An ant directing the
State Prison Directors of the State of Califor
nia to employ at least twenty prisoners in the
construction of. roads to the State prison at
Pan Quentiu.
A. B. 300, by Robinson— An act to provide
for the management and operation of railroads
above certain elevations.
A. B. 410, by Committee on Revision of
Codes ana Statutes— An act to amend section
389 of the Code of Civil Procedure.
Passed Both Houses.
The following bills have passed both
branches of the Legislature, but await the
action of the Governor;
a B. 1, by Anurous— act to amend an act
to enable school districts in cities of the fifth
class to Issue bonds and to repeal an act to en
able cities of the fifth class to issue bonds for
school purposes, approved March 23, 1893.
B. B. 10, by Bert— An act to reappropriate
$125,000 for the erection of buildings lor the
use of affiliated and other departments of the
University of California in San Francisco.
S. B. 28, by Boyce— act to add a new sec
tion to the Political Code, to be known and
designated as section 1889}., relating to the
authorization and employment of a specialist
In sociological education in counties, and
cities and counties, and providing for the
duties and execution of the work of such spe
cialist.
8. B. 35, by Bulla— An act entitled an act to
authorize cities and towns owning public
parks outside their limits to lay oat, con
struct and maintain roads, streets and boule
vards, from the boundaries oi such cities and
towns to, into and through such parks, and to
acquire lands for that purpose.
B. B. 36, by Bulla— An act to extend the juris
diction and authority of cities and towns over
parks owned by tnem, situated beyond the
limits of such cities and towns, and over
streets and avenues leading to the same.
S. B. 37, by Bulla— An art to authorize cities
and towns to grant franchises for the construc
tion and maintenance of railroads beyond the
| limits of such cities or towns, leading to pub
lic parks owned thereby.
8. B. 47, by Bulla— act to amend section
61 of the Civil Code relating to the granting of
divorces.
S. B. 55, by Doty— An set to authorise State
agricultural societies under the control of the
State to 8 -It property.
S. B. 268, by Bert— An act to amend an act
entitled "An act to amend section 7 of the
Civil Code of the State ot California relating
to legal holidays and judicial days," ap
proved March 23, 1893, relating to le^al holi
days.
S. B. 269, by Bert— An act to amend an set
entitled "An act to amend sections 10 and 134
of the Code of Civil Procedure of ihe State of
California relating to egal holidays and non
judicial days," approved March 23, 1893, re
lating to legal holldoys.
S. B. 270, by Bert— An act to amend an act
entitled "An act to amend section 10 of the
Political Code of the State of California, relat
ing to legal holidays and non-judicial days,"
approved March 23,1893, relating to legal nol
days.
8. B. 285, by Voorheis— An act to amend sec
tion 388 of the Civil Code of the State of Cali
fornia, relative to the sale of a franchise to
collect tolls. ...
8. B. 312, by Langford— An act to provide for
the payment of interest at the statutory rate
to every bona-fide owner and holder of any
j unlocated or uncanceled school land warrant
issued under the act of the State of California,
approved May 3, 1852, providing for the dis
posal of the five hundred thousand acres of
I land donated to the State of California by tbe
Government of the United States, and to each
! and every person having owned and . anceled
' any such warrantor warrants under the act
of March 23, 1893. , ,-
S. B. 338, by Voorheis— Au act to amend sec
tion*, 2292. 2293 and 2294 of chapter 111. title
V of the Political Code, relating to the State
Library.
S. B. 583, by Morehouse— An act to provide
I for the appointment by the Supreme Court of
five commissioners, to be known us Commis
-1 sioners of the Supreme Court, and to appoint a
secretary therefor, to relieve said court from
' the overburdened condition oi its calendar,
; and to provide for the compensation of said
Commissioners and secretary, and to aporo
j priate money therefor.
A. B. 7, by Dibble— An act to compel all de
positories of money and commercial banks to
S publish a sworn statement of all unclaimed,
deposits. - - — ' *
A. B 11, by Bridgford— At act to amend sec
i tions 8 and 49 of au act entitled ."An act for
• the relief of insolvent debtors, for the protec
tion of creditors and' tor "tho punishment of
. fraudulent debtors,*' approved March 20, 1885.
A. B. 12. by Bridgford— An act to amend sec
! tion 312 of the Code of Civil Procedure of the
State of California, relating to the time, or
: commencing actions.
A. B. 21. by Kenyon— An act to amend sec
j tion 1 oi an act entitled "An act to provide tor
; the disincospora of municipal corporations"
1 of the sixth class," approved March 26. 1895.
A. B. 22, by Kenyon— An act vto amend sec
tion 5 ot an act entitled '-An act to provide for
j a system of street improvement bonds to
! represent assessments lor the cost of street
| work and Improvements within municipali
• ties, ana also fir the payment oi such bonds,*'
; approved February 27, 1893.
A. B. 76, by Hill— An act to amend section
i 201 of the Penal Code of the State of California,
I relating to the crime of rape and what consti-
I tutes the same.
A. B. 134, by Cutter— An act to amend an act
entitled "An act creating a Commissioner of
I Public Works, defining his duties and powers,
i prescribing his compensation and making ap
propriation," approved March 24, 1893, re
i lating to the office ol Commissioner of Public
Works.
A. B. 182, by Cross— An act to authorize any
I city or city and county of this State to take its
census.
A. B. 283, by Cutter— An act to change and
permanently locate the boundary line between
' the counties of Bu'.te and Yuba.
A. B. 293, by Lacy— An Bet to amend an act
entitled "An act to amend section 10 of the
Political Code of the Slate of California, re
' lating to legal holidays and non-judicial." ap-
I proved March 23. 1893, relative to. legal holi
{ days.
A. B. 294, by Lacy— An act to amend an act
i entitled "An act to amend section 7ot the
! Civil Code of the State of California, relating
I to legal holidays and non-judicial days," ap
! proved March 23, 1893, relating to legal holi
day?. :.. .
A. B. 295, by Lacy— An act to amend an act
entitled "An act to amend sections 10 and 134
of the Civil Code of the State of California, re
lating to legal holidays end non-judicial
days,'-' approved March 23, 1893.
A. B. 316, by .Treacy— Au act to provide for
increasing the efficiency of fire departments
within municipalities of the first class.
A. B. 399, by Austin— An act to amend sec
tion 1213 of the Civil Code of the State of
California, relative to the recording of con
veyances.
A. B. 415, by Committee on Division of Codes
and Statutes— An act to amend section 383 of
the Code of Civil Procedure.
A. B. 419, by Committee on Revision of
Codes and Statutes— An act to amend section
542 of the Code of Civil Procedure.
A. B. 451, Substitute for Assembly Bill No.
73 and Assembly Bill No. 102— An act to amend
eeections 032 and 034 of the Penal * ode of the -
State of California, relating to fish.
A. B. 453, Substitute for Assembly BUI 28—
An act to amend sections 1 and 3of an act
amendatory of an act entitled an act for the
better protection of the stockholders in cor
porations formed under the laws of the State
of California for the purpose of carrying on
ana conducting the buslncs- of mining, ap
proved March 13, 1874; April 23, 1880.
A. B. 482, by shanahan— An act to provide
for the appointment by the Supreme Court of
five commissioners, to be known as Commis
sioners of the Supreme Court, and to appoint a
secretary therefor, to assist said court in the
performance of its duties, ana in the disposi
tion ot numerous causes pending in said
court, and to provide for the compensation of
said commissioners and secretary, and to ap
propriate money therefor. .....*.-
A. B. 496, by Valent n»— An act to amend
section 1238 of tne Code of Civil Procedure of
the State of California, concerning the right of
eminent domain. , ,
A. B. 081, by North of Alameda— An act con
cerning briages across navigable streams/ :
A. B. 738, by. Belshaw— Au act to amend sec
tions 237, 245, 246 and 268 of an act entitled
"An ac: to establish a Political Code," ap
proved March 12. 1872, relating to tne officers
and employes of the L.-jrislaiure.
A. li. 840, by Guy— act to provide for an
appropriation for the contingent expenses of
the Assembly.
Bills Passed by the .Senate.
The following measures have been passed
by the Senate, but are yet to be considered
by the Assembly and the Governor:
S. B. 2, by Androus— An act providing for
the destruction of municipal bonds of cities of
the fifth class, where the same have been ex
ecuted and remain unsold.
S. B. 7, by Aram— An act providing for the
election or appointment of a separate Judge of
the Superior Court for each of the counties of
Yuba and Sutter, and fixing and providing
for the payment of the salary of each of such
Judges.
8. B. 8. by Aram— An act to amend section
1880 of the Code of Civil Procedure ot this
State of California relating to witnesses.
S. B. 13, by Bert— An act to amend an act en-'
titled "An act to create a police relief, health,
mmmtamMiamitidai l ,i,t"\aimm. i ' *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY ,23,.: 1.897.
life insurance and pension fund in the sever*
counties, cities and counties, cities ana towns
of the State." approved March 4, 1889, and to
amend also the amendment to section 7 of said
act, approved March 31, 1891.
S. B. 14,. by Bert— An act to validate the or
ganization and incorporation of municipal
corporations.
S. B. 15, by Bert— An act to amend section
■ 090 of an mi entitled "An act to establish a
! Code of Civil Proceaure," adopted March 11,
1872, by adding a new article exempting sea
j men's and fishermen's wages from execution.
S. B. 17, by Bert— An act to amend :ection 1
of au act entitled "An act to create a police
court in and for the Cltv and County of San
; Francisco. State of California," approved
March 5, 1889, and the. amendment thereto
i opprovea February 23, 1893. and fixing tho
term ol office of the Judges thereof.
& B. .27, by Boyce— An act to prevent col
lusion between employers of labor and em
: ployment .-.gents. ■-':•• -.:.
8. B. 32, by Braunhart— An act to amend sec
- .Hon 3033 of the Political Code of the State of
.California, relating to the assessment of prop
erty of persons neglecting or refusing to make
or give to the Assessor a statement of his
! property.
| S. B. 33, by Bulla— An act for the certifica
tion of land titles, and the simplification of
the transfer of real estate.
S. B. 42, by Bulla- An act to provide for the
, adoption of children maintained in any
! orphan asylum or orphans' home in this
, State.
S. B. 44, by Bulla— An act to amend section
I 1189 of the Civil Code, relating to the ac
i knowledgment of instruments.
S. B. 50, by Dickinson— An act defining the
different grades of cheese and for branding
, the M-« manufactured in the State of Cali-
I fornia. •
B. B. 53, by Dickinson— An act to prevent de-
I ception in the manufacture and saie of butter
j and cheese, to secure its enforcement and to
appropriate money therefor.
, S. B. 57, by Doty— An act to regulate and
: govern the operation of the rock-crushing
j plant at the State prison at Folsom, to provide
| lor the sale of crushed rock and the disposi
tion of the revenues derived therefrom.
aB. 62, by Dwyer— act amending section
i 3245 of the Political Code, relative to labor.
S. B. 08, by Dwyer— An act to amend section
j sof an act conierriug power upon the Com*
mon Council, Board of Supervisors or other
I governing body of cities, or cities and counties
I and counties of over 100,000 inhabitants, to
acquire or condemn land for a suitable site
and erect thereon a suitable building or build
ings for municipal purposes, approved March
I 27. 1895.
! S. B. 05, by Dwyer— An act to regulate the
! erection of buildings and structures by the |
j authorities of cities, counties or cities ana
counties ana to regulate contracts relating
thereto.
S. B. 07, by Flint— An act to add a new sec
tion to the Code of Civil Procedure of the
State of Caliiornia, to be numbered 1703J_,
concerning the distribution of estates and dis- I
charge of executors and administrators.
S. B. 70, by Hall— An act to provide for the
employment of citizens of the United States
upon public works within this state.
S. B 73, by Henderson— An act to provide
for a bond for the protection of laborers upon
public work. Action of Senate: Read second
time and amended.
8. B. 75, by Holloway— An act to amend sub
division 9 ol section 802 of an act entitled
"An act to provide for the organization, incor
poration aud government of municipal cor
porations," approved March 13, 1883.
S. B. 77, by Holloway— An act authorizing
certain corporations to loan and invest money
and regulating the same.
& B. 93, by Langford— An act to keep open
natural channels, not navigable, which run
through agricultural land and are subject to
overflow, to the injury of the land, aud the
duty of the Board of Supervisors in relation
thereto.
8. B. 100, by La Rue— An act to amend an
act entitled -'An act to prohibit the sophisti
cation and adulteration of wine, and. to pre
vent the manufacture and ..sale th.reof," ap
proved March 7, 1887, and to provide the pen
alty therefor.
8. B. 104, by Mahoney— An act prohibiting
ring-fights, prize- lights, glove contests, or any
other premeditated fight, contest or conten
tion (by whatsoever name or names it or they
may he called), and prescribing penalties for
j the violation thereof.
S. B. 105, by Mahoney— An act relating to
{ pawnbrokers, companies and corporations do
ing business as such, prescribing their duties
and obligations and also prescribing penalties
I for the violation of any of the provisions oi
this act.
S. B. 106, by Pedlar— An act to amend sec
tion 412 oi the Penal Code relating to boxing
or sparring matches and prize or ring fights,
p S. B. 108, by Pedlar— An act to amend an act
entitled "An act to provide for the organiza
tion, incorporation and government of muni
cipal corporations," approved March 13, 1883.
S. B. 111, by Seawell— An act to amend sec
tion 10.3 of the Penal Code relating to order
of trial.
S. B. 113, by Seawell— act to amend
section 085 of the Code of Civil Procedure, re
lating to the enforcement or carrying into
execution of judgments after the lapse of five
years from the date of entry.
8. B. 114, by Seawell— An act to amend sec
tion 1127 of the Penal Code, relating to
charging the jury.
8. B. 116, by Seawell— act to amend sec
tion 398 of tne Code of Civil Procedure, re
lating to a change of place of trial.
S. B. 120, by Seawell— An act to legalize cer
tain acknowledgment*.
S. B. 122, by Seawell— act to add two
new sections to the Code of Civil Procedure,
said sections to be designated as sections 663,
663}., respectively, providing for the setting
aside of a judgment of a Superior Court and
the rendition of a new judgment without a
new trial.
S. B. 126» by Seawell— An act to amend sec
tion 607 of the Code of Civil Procedure of the
Stale of California, relating to order of pro
cedure on trial.
s*. B. 128, by Simpson— An act to amend sec
tion 1723 of the Code of Civil Procedure, relat
ing to th* disposition of life estates or home
stead or community property on owner's death
in certain casis.
8. B. 129, by S m*>son— An act to amend sec
tion 104 of the Civil i ode of the State or Cali
fornia, relating to conveyances" of real prop
erty by married women and limit nj* the time
in which ty commence actions lor recovery of
community property by husbands.
.S. B. 131, by Simpson — Aa act entitled An act
to amend section 3878 of the. Political Code of
the State of California relating to the revenue
an J taxes of the Stat aof California, and pro
viding for tho taking of tax deeds by the Stat.,
and fixing & limitation as to the time within
which deeds may be mken by purcha ers
other than the _»t_ie of California.
S. B. 132, by Simpson— An act to amend sec
tion 1207 of the Civil Ced r.latlng to trans
fers ol real property and fixing a lime when
detective certificates of acknowledgment shall
become valid. *
8. B. 133, by Simpson— An act entitled "An
act in relation to liens upon real property for
expenses Incurred by any public board or com*
miction, a..a prescribing me manner of mak
ing said lien effective."
8. B. 135, by Simpson— act to prohibit the
adulteration of honey and to provide a pun
ishment therefore.
8. B. 130, by Smith— An act to establish a
uniform system of county and township gov
ernments, p*.
S. B. 137, by Smith— An act to amend the
Political Code ol California by adding a new
section, to be known as section 204*4, relating
to Road Commissioners.
S. B. 140, by Stratton— An act. providing for
general primary elections within the Stale of
California, and to promote the purity thereof.
8. IS. 141, by Stratton— An act to amend sec
tions 541 and 542 of the Code of Civil Pro
cedure of the Stale of California, relating to
attachments.
8. B. 142, by Stratton— An act to amend sec
tion 088 oi the Code of Civil Procedure the
State of California, relating to executions.
S. B. 145, by Stratton— Au act to amend sec
tion 475 ol the Code of Civil Procedure of the
State of California, relating to' errors and de
fects and reversals of judgments and orders.
S. B. 150, by Stratton— An act to amend sec
tion 1323 of the Code of Civil Procedure of the
State oi California, relating to the probate of
foreign wills.
S. B. 155, by Wlthington— An act for the cre
ation of a commission for the promotion of
uniiormity of legislation in the United States,
and to appropriate money for its expenses.
S. B. 158, by Wlthington— An act to amend
an act entitled "An act to regulate and con
trol the sale, rental and distribution of appro
priated water in this State, oilier than In any
city, city and county or, town therein, and to
secure the rights of way for the conveyance of
such water to the place of use," approved
March 12, 1885.
S. B. 101, by Within --ton— An act to amend
section 798 of the Political Code of the State
of California, fixing the fees of notaries pub
lic. • •
S. B. 170. by Morehouse— An act to amend
section 1008 of the Political Code of the State
of California, relating to public schools, and
emyioyment of teachers of physical culture.
S. B. 177, by Stratton— .Yu act to amend sec
tion 038 of the Civil Code of the Stale of Cali
fornia, relating to the interest to be charged
and security to be taken ny mutual building
and loan associations.
&B. 178, by Stratton— An act to add a new
section to the Code of Civil Procedure of the
State of California, relating to the voluntary
dissolution of corporations, and to be known
and numbered as section 1*234.
S. B. 180, by Braunhart -An act authorizing
and empowering the Board of Slate Harbor
Commissioners to grant, exchange or transfer
property.
& B. 189, by Braunhart— An act to amend
sections 566 anu 641 of "An act entitled an
act to establish a Code of Civil Procedure of
the State of Caliiornia," approved Match 11,
1872, in relation to receivers and referees. -
S. B. 240, "by Voorheis— AU act to amend par
agraph 11, section 200, of the Code of Civil
Procedure of the State of California, relating
to exempting exempt firemen from jury duty.
S. B. 200, by Simpson— An act to provide for
the purchase of a portrait of ex-Governor John
Mi D.ugal, by the State Board of Examiners,
and to appropriate money therefor.
a a. 201. by Simpson— An act to provide for
the purcnase of a portrait of ex-Governor
Henry 11. Marknam, by the State Board of Ex
aminers, and to appropriate money therefor.
S. B. 276, by Voorheis— An act to amend sec
tion 516 of the Civil Code of the State of Cali
fornia relative to rates of toil to be posted at
gaes.
a B. 235, by Simpson— An act to add a new
section to the Civil Code of the .tale of Cali
iornia, to be known and numbered as section
79* _, relating to the procuring of licenses for
marriage, the solemnization of marriages, and
the recording of the declaration of marriage.
a B. 289, by Stratton— An act to chance the
name of the Industrial Home of Mechanical
Trades for the Adult Blind of California to'
"Home for Adult Blind."
B. B. 290, by Morehouse— An act authorizing
and empowering the Board of School Trustees
of the city of San Jose, county of santa Clara,
State of California, to erect, construct and
build and maintain, 1 at the expense of the
said city of San Jose, a high scnool building
on the north side of the Statu Normal grounds
at San Jo»e, between' Sixth and seventh
streets in said city. ~ « .. il?r* t -:-..- -. ...-..- j
P. it. 332, by Arum— An act to amend section
1881 of ;he Code of Civil Procedure, to provide
that persons in certain relations to . parlies
are prohibited from testifying.
S. B. 331, by Gillette— Au act to amend sec
tion I*l3 >i an act entitled tAn act to estab
lish a civil Code," approved' March 21, 1872,
relating to cemetery corporations:
S. B. 344, by Voorheis— An act transferring
from the estate of deceased persons fund to
the Slate school land fund the sum of $100,
--000, and directing the State Board of Ex
aminers to invest tne fame in Interest-bearing
bonds, to be held in trust for the benefit of the
State school fund.
8. B. 345, by Voorheis— An act transferring
the sum of ¥80,000 from the general funa to
the estate oi deceased persons fund. '
ft, B. 370, by Aram— An act to amend sectirn
3495 of the Political Code byaddinja pro
vision relative to adverse occupations.
a B. 373, by Langtord— An act to amend sec
tion 450 of tne Civil Code, relating to rail
roads. To Judiciary. Recommendation of
committee: Do pass. ,\.-y
S. B. 441, by Bulla— An act authorizing the
Common Council, Board of Trustees, or other
governing body, of any incorporated city or
town, other than cities of the first class, to re
fund Its Indebtedness, to issue bonds therefor,
and to provide for payment of the same. <».-:.' i
S. B. 443, oy Deni.on— An act to amend sec
tion 758 oi an act entitled "An act to provide
for the organization, incorporation and gov
ernment ot municipal corporations," approved
March 13, 1883. • f -••
S. B. 403, by Stratton— An act to amend sec
-1114 of the Political Code of the State of Cali
fornia relating to leglstration. :-i,r. :.iv.:-./
S. B. 533, by Committee on Judiciary— An
act ceding to the United States of America jur
isdiction over all lauds within this State which
have been or may hereafter be acquired by the
United States for military purposes.
S. B. 539, by Committee on Judiciary— An
act relinquishing to the United States- of
America the title of this State to certain lands.
Bills Passed by the Assembly.
• The following bills have passed the As
sembly, but have yet to be acted upon by
the Senate and the Governor:.
A. B. 4, by Dibble— An act to protect all cit
izens in their civil and legal rights. ,
A. B. 8, by Dibble— An act to amend an act
entitled, "An act to provide for the burial of
ex-Union soldiers, sailors and marines in this
State who may hereafter die without leaving
sufficient means to defray funeral expenses,"
approved March 15, 1889.
A. B. 14, by Bridgtord— An act to amend
section 2955 of the Civil Code of . California,
respecting the mortgaging of personal prop
erty.
A. B. 17, by Treacy— An act fixing the min
imum rate of compensation for labor on pub
lic works.
A. B. 23, by Sownrd— An net entitled "An
act to amend section 1575 of the Code of Civil
Procedure." . .-vt.
A. B. 26, by Soward— An act to amend sec
tion 15 of an act entitled "An act nmendatory
of and supplemental to an act entitled 'Au
act to authorize and direct the County Judge*
of the several counties of this State to execute
certain trusts in relation to the town lands
granted to the unincorporated towns in this
State by the act of Congress entitled "An act
for the relief of the inhabitants of cities and
towns upon public lands," approved March 2,
1867 '" approved March 13, 18.8.
A. B. 40, by Lindenberger— An act relating
to estrays, and repeating all other acts and
parts of acts now In force relating to estrnys.
A. B. 45, by Sanford — An -act- requiring
every corporation in this Stale to pay ih**lr
employes and each of them, at least once i,i
each and every month, the. wages earned by
such employes; to define th- duties of the
Labor Commissioner nnd the District Attor
neys'of th* several counties <f this Slate in
enforcing this net; to limit the defenses which
may set up by such corporation* to assign
ments of wages, set-off or counter claims, or
the absence of such employe at the time of
making payment; and in cn.se ot such absence
the wages are payable upon demand;* to pro
hibit assignments of wages' for the purpose of
evading the provisions of this act. and agree
ments to accept wages at longer . periods than
as herein provided as a condition of employ
ment; to fix a penalty for this violation of the
provision of this act by such corporation, and
to provide for the disposition of any fines re
covered from corporations violating the same.
A. B. 57, by Sanford— An act to. amend sec
tion 792 of the Political Code so as to prohibit
a count; officer or his deputy from being a
notary public. v
A. B. 65, by Guy— An act establishing a State
normal school in San Diego County, Califor
nia, and making an appropriation of $75,000
therefor. . -. .,;.,.•?-' , ■.-• ..-..*. ■
- A. B. 68. by Mellck— An act to amend "An
act to establish the fees of county, township
and other officers and of jurors and witnesses
iv this State," relating to fees to-be paid
County Clerks. W- ; ■•. -.- ,♦ -r ?-*y /
A. B. 71, by Foreman— An act to amend sec
tion 4428 of the Political Code of the State of
California relating to the lowers of Judges of
police courts to call in Justices of the Peace to
act in thejr place and stead.
A. B. 86, by Soward— act to amend sec
tion 1197 of the Code of Civil Procedure, relat
ing to independent rights of action ln cases of
liens. MHLW
A. B. 89, by Boward— An ' act to amend an
act entitled, 'An act for the relief of insolvent
debtors, for the protection ot creditors and
for the punishment of fraudulent debtors,"
approved March 26, 1895, by amending sec
tion 669 thereof, relating respectively to the
appointment of a time for the election of an
assignee, and to costs in cases of involuntary
insolvency.
A. B. 100, by Cutter— An act providing for
the election or appointment of. a separate
Judge of the Superior Court for each of the
counties of Yuba and Sutler, and fixing and
providing for the payment of the salary of
each of such judges.
A. B. 104. by Leavitt— act to amend an
act entitled, "An act to create and organize
the University of California," approved March
23, 1868, approved March 28, 1872. amenda
tory of section 25 thereof, relating to the con
struction of buildings.
A. B. 108, by Gofl— An act making an appro
priation to pay for the support of the Southern
California State Asylum for the Insane and
Inebriates for the remainder of the forty
eighth fiscal year.
A. B. 113 by Harris— An act to repeal section
415 of the Political Code of California relative
,to the translation of the laws into Spanish,
and their distribution. *•*-*."•_
A. B. 114, by Harris— An act tc provide for
the publication of the State B ue Book.
' A. B. 128, by Waymire— An act to enable any
county, city and county, city, or town to lease
property to associations of ex-soldlers and
sailors.
A. B. 139, by Deanery— An act relating to
fire departments of municipalities ol the first
class, and fixing the salaries ol offices thereof.
I A. B. 157, by Lindenberger— An act to regu
late the width of tires of wagons used on the
public highways of the State of California.
: A. B. 170, by Dibble An ac* to protect can
didates for certain public 'ffic.s, to prohibit
certain acts by sucn candidates, and to pro
vide a punishment for infractions of this law.
A. B. 172. by Shanahan— An act to amend
sections 702 and 703 of*tne Code of Civil Pro
cedure, relating to tne redemption of property
sold on execution. ... - ...
A. B. 173, by Shanahan — An act to add a new
section to the Penal Code of the State Ol Cali
fornia, to be known and designated as Section
180, relating to the acceptance and holding of
private deposits of moneys or other valuables
in the county treasury by the County
Treasurer.
A. B. 183, by Godfrey— An act to amend sec
tion 090 of the Code of Civil Procedure, relat
ing to exemptions from execution.
A. B. 208, by Guy An act making an appro
priation to pay the deficiency in the appropria
tion for support of Southern California Hospi
tal for the Insane and Inebriates for the forty
seventh fiscal year.
A. B. 209, by Guv— An act making an appro
priation to pay the claim of It. S. Broughton
for trausnortation of prisoners. :;-.•.:-■ ,7:
A. B. 210, by Guy— An act maxlng an appro
priation io pay the deficiency in the appropria
tion for transportation of prisoner.":, for pay
ment of the claim of W. C. Conroy in convey
ing children to Whltcer.
A. B. 211, by Guy— An act making an appro
priation to p ty the deficiency in the appropria
tion for pay of salaries of agents or essistantt
' for traveling expenses and for other con-,
tingei.t expenses of the Bureau of Labor
Statistics, as authorised by statutes of 1889,
page 7. 7,-7
A. B. 212, by Guy— An act making an appro
pria'i>n to pay the claim of Charles Phipps,
or services rendered as assistant secretary of
tne State Board of Examiners, from February
15. 1891, to March 21, 1891.
• A. B. 214, by Guy — An act making an appro
priation to pay the d ficiency incurred by call
ing the National Guard of California into
service, by order of the Governor, in 1894.
A. B. 210, by Guy— An act making an appro
priation to pay the deficiency in the appropria
tion for postage and contingent expenses of
the clerk of the Supreme Court for the forty
sixth fiscal yoar.
A. B. 217, by Guy— act making an appro
priation to pay the claims of the State Board
of Health, for traveling expenses.'
A. B. 218. by — An act making an appro
priation to pay the deficiency in the appropria
tion for pay of stenographer for the Sate
Board of Railroad Commissioners, for services
rendered by Frank 11. Lombard.
A. B. 219. br Guy — An act making an appro
priation to pay the deficiency in the appropria
tion for the forestry stations for the forty-sixth
fiscal year.
A. B. 220. by Guy— An act making an appro
priation' to pay the deficiency in the appro
priation for care of State burial grounds, for
services rendered by W. C. Farusworth.
A. B. 221, by Guy— act making an appro
priation to pay the deficiency in the appro
priation for the arrest and conviction of high
way robbers, to pay the claim of George A.
Parker for the arrest and conviction of Ed
Ward.
A. B. 222, by Guy— An act making an appro
priation to pay the deficiency in the appro
priation for the arrest and conviction oi high
way robbers, to pay the claim of George A.
Parker. ; ' ' *
;A. B. 223, by Guy— An act making an appro
priation to pay the claim of Edwin F. Ingles
for the arrest of F. J. Morgan for attempted
highway robbery.
A. B. 220, by Guy— An act making an appro-"
priation to pay the claim of Ham Macdon
ald for expenses Incurred in the funeral of
Governor Jones of Nevada.
A. B. 227, by Guy— An act making an appro
priation lor expenses incurred by calling the
National Guard ot California into service, by
order of the Governor, in 1894 and 1895.
A. B. 228, by Guy— An act making an appro
priation to pay the claim of Earl 11. Daggett,
lor the arrest of Daniel McCall for attempted
highway robbery. -*-
A. B. 230, by Guy— An act making an appro
priation for the payment of the claim ot A. J.
Bogard, administrator of the estate of J. J.
Bogard, deceased, for the arrest of Samuel
Magutre for attempted highway robbery.
A. B. 231, by' Guy— An act making an appro
priation to pay the claim of W. N. Hei_*f»-icks,
for the arrest of John Keener for attempted
highway robbery.
A. B. 235, by Guy— An act making an appro
priation to Day the claim of Casassa's First
Regiment band, for music furnished for the
funerals of the late Generals Dimond and Mc-
Comb.
A. B. 230, by Guy— An act making an appro
priation to pay the deficiency in the appro
priation for traveling expenses of the Board of
Railroad Commissioners. .
A. B. 237. by Guy— act making an appro
priation to pay the claim of W. J. Deater, for
publishing notice and summons in foreclosing
interest of delinquent purchasers of State
school lauds.
; A. B. 238. by Guy An act making an appro
priation to pay the claim of George A. Sturte
vant for costs uf suit in foreclosing delinquent
purchasers of State school lands.
A. B. 239, by Guy— An act making an appro
priation to pay expenses incurred by the Com
mission for the Revision and Reform of the
Law. :■■'-■< -...■ -■■■-■
A. B. 240, by Guy— act making an appro
priation to pay the deficiency in the appro
priation "To provide lor the erection and ope
ration of rock-crushing plants at the State
prisons," etc. '•-'-'.
A. B. 243, by Guy— act making an appro
priation to pay the deficiency in the appro
priation for the payment of the expenses in
curred in calling the National Guard of Cali
fornia into service by order of the Governor in
1894. ,
.A. B. 244, by Guy— An act making an appro
priation to pay the claim- of. the Examiner
lor advertising the constitutional amend
ments.
A. B. 245, by Guy An act making an appro,
priation to pay the claim of James H. Barry
publisher of the Star, for advertising the con
aliiulioiial amendments.
A. B. 240* by Guy— An act making an appro
priation to pay the claims of James Mc-
Clatchy i Co., publishers of the Bee, for ad
vertising the constitutional amendments.
A. B. 248, by Guy— An act making an appro
priation to pay the claim of the Herald Pud
lishing Company for advertising the constitu
tional amendments.
A. B. 247, by Guy— An act making an appro
priation to Day the claim of Dennis Jordan for
balance due for work done on the Statu prison
at Folsom.
A. B. 250, by Guy— act making an appro
priation to pay the expenses incurred for the
luneral of the late Lieutenant-Governor Mil
lard.
A. B. 251, by Guy— An act to amend an act
entitled "An act to establish a Penal Code,"
approved February 14, 1872, by amending sec
tion 397 thereof, relating to penalties for sell
ing liquor to habitual or common drunkards
and Indians. -
A. B. 255, by Chynoweth— An act to amend
section 874 of an act entitled "Au act to pro
vide lor the organization, incorporation and
government ot municipal incorporations,"
approved March 13, 1883, in relation to
notice for bids for public work.
A. B. 202, by Guy— An act making an appro
priation to pay the claim of George E. Law
rence, .for services rendered the State of
California, at the funeral of the lato Lieu
tenant-Governor Millard. i |
A. B. 264, by Elliott— A i act to amend sec
tion 172 of the Civil Code, relative, to the
management and control oi community prop
erty.
A. B. 273, by Caminetti— An act to amend
section 170 of an act entitled "An act to
establish a Code of Civil Procedure," ap
proved March 11, 1872, relating to the dis
qualification of judges, as amended by an act
approved March 23, 1893.
A. B. 275. by Bridgford— An act to add a new
section to the Political Code, to b- known and
designated as section 3466%. relating to the
payment of invalid assessments in reclamation
districts and the crediting of the amount
paid (to the tract or land upon which the -am
was assessed! upon subsequent assessments. |
• A. B. '_88, by Guy An act making an appro
priation to pay the deficiency in tne appro
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
priation for repairs to the Capitol budding
and furniture, etc.
A. B. 121, by Ryan— An act supplementary
to an act conferring power upon tne Common
Council, Board of Supervisors or other govern
ing bodies of cities and counties of over 100,
--000 inhabitants to acquire or condemn land
for a suitable site and erect thereon a suitable
building or buildings for municipal purposes,
approved March 24, 1895. , ,■ *'
A. B. 304, by Sims— Au act to provide for the
Appointment of an auditing board to the Com
missioner of Public Works, and makiug an ap
propriation therefor. ". - - .
A. B. 332, by Committee on Revision of
Codes and Statutes— An act to amend section
1880 of the Code of Civil Proceaure relating to
A. B. 341, by Shanahan— Relating to rights
of way across mining claims.
A. B. 372. by North— An act to amend sec
tions 739, 709 and 2314 of the Political Code,
relating to officers of the Supreme Court and
their salaries.' :^ : ' : ;_7'-- _V ■
A. B. 385, by Ennis— An act to amend section
2043 of the Political Code, relating to the du
ties of Boards of Supervisors respecting roads.
A. B. 417, by ■ Committee on Revision of
Codes and Statutes— An act to amend section
390 of the Code of Civil Procedure.
A. B. 418, by Committee on Revision or
Codes and Statutes— act to amend section
407 of the Code of Civil Procedure.
A. B. 420, by Committee on Revision of
Codes and Statutes— An act to amend section
581 of the Code of Civil Procedure,
A. B. 421, by Committee en Revision of
Codes and Statutes— An act to amend section
032 of the Code of Civil Procedure.
A. B. 422, by Committee on Revision of Codes
and Statutes^-An act to amend the Code of
Civil Procedure, by adding a new section
thereto to be numbered 635.
A. B. 423, by Committee on Revision of Codes
and Statutes— An act to amend section 653 of
the Code of Civil Procedure. * *tr?q
A. B. 424, by Committee on Revision of Codes
and Statutes— An act to amend section 659 of
the Code of Civil Procedure. v
A. B. 425. by Committee on Revision of Codes
and Statutes— An act to amend section 060 of
the Code of Civil Procedure.
A. B. 420, by Committee on Revision of Codes
and Statutes— act to amend section 661 of
the Code of Civil Procedure.
A. B. 452, substitute for A. B. 38— An act to
amend section 026 of the Penal Code, relating
to fish and game.
A. B. 454, by Committee on Mines and Min
ing Interests— An act to amend tho Code of
Civil Procedure by adding thereto a new sec
tion, to be numbered section 676, relating to
conveyances under order of court.
A. B. 455. by Committee on Revision of
Codes and Statutes— An act to amend section
lot an act entitled "An act for the further
protection ot stockholder! in mining compa
nies," approved March 23, 1880.
A. B. 457, by Committee on Revision of
Codes and Statutes — To add a new section to
the Code of Civil Procedure, to be known as |
section 811 thereof, relating to the dissolution i
of corporations.
A. B. 459, by Committee on Revision of j
Codes and Statutes— An act to amend section
939 of the Code of Civil Procedure.
A. B. 460, by Committee on Revision of
Codes and Statutes An act to amend section
943 of the Code of Civil Procedure.
A. B. 461, by Committee on Revision of
Codes and Statutes— An act to amend section
973 of- the Code of Civil Procedure.
A. B. 462, by Committee on Revision of Codes
and Statutes An act to amend section 903 of
the Code of Civil Procedure.
A. B. 463, by Committee on Revision of Codes
and Statutes— An act to amend section 980 of
the Code of Civil Procedure.
A. B. 470, by Valentine— An act to amend
section 862 of an act entitled "An act to pro
vide for the organization, incorporation and
government of municipal corporations," ap
proved March 13, 1888.
A. B. 478, by Funis— An act making an ap
propriation to pay the deficiency in the.appro
priation for the payment of expenses incurred
in calling the National Guard of California
into service by order of the Governor during
the year 1894.
A. B. 483, by Shanahan— An act making an
appropriation to pay the claim of Modoc
County against the State ot California. .
A. B. 495. by Valentine— An act relative to
the granting by municipalities of franchises
for ti.e construction of paths and roads for the '
use of bicycles and other horseless vehicles.
A. B. 536, by Belshaw — An act to authorize
the Board of Fish Commissioners to dispose of
the hatchery located on Battle Creek, in Te
hama County, and expend me proceeds of the
same.
A. B. 007. by Committee v^n Education— An j
act to amend section 16700 i the Political Code j
of California.
A. B. 079, by Committee on Mines and Min- j
ing Interests— An act prescribing the manner >
of locating mining claims upon the public do- |
main of the United States, recording notices of I
location thereof, amending defective locations !
and providing for the deposit of district rec
ords with County Recorders, and prescribing
the efleot to Iw givan to recordations of notices
of location and affidavits.- (Substitute for As
sembly Bill No. 551.)
I A. B. 727, by- Arnerlch— An act entitled "An
act to form agricultural districts, to provide
for the formation of agricultural associations
therein, and for the management and control
of the same by the Stale, and to repeal all acts
and parts of acts in conflict with this act."
A. B. 730, by Committee on Irrigation— An
act to provide for the organization and gov
ernment of irrigation districts, and to provide
for the acquisition or construction thereby of
works for the irrigation of the lands embraced
within such districts, and also to provide for
the distribution of water for irrigation pur
poses.
A. B. 742, by Committee on Mines and Min
ing Interests — An act to amend an act entitled
"An act to provide for the appointment, duties
and compensation of a Debris Commissioner
'and to make an appropriation, to bo expended
under his direction in the discharge of his
duties as such Commissioner," approved
March 24, 1893. (Substitute for A. B. 83.) ;
A. B. 709, by Soward— An act to amend sec
tion 1159 of an act entitled -An act to estab
lish a Civil Code," approved March 21, 1872,
lelatlve to recording certain instruments and
validating records heretofore made.
A. B. 803, by Dlbblp —An uct for the relief of
the Slate Printing Office and making an ap
propriation to pay the deficiency for the cur
rent fiscal year that may be found to exist in
the appropriation for the support of said
Printing Office for the said year at the date of
the approval of this act.
A. B. 864, by Dibble— An set masing an ap
propriation for the support of the State Print
ing Office for the remainder of the forty-eighth
fiscal year.
A. B. 870, by North of Yolo An act to regu
late the, business of commission merchants,
agents, factories or brokers dealing in farm
produce, grain, fruit, seeds, honey or dairy
produce. '••'- .* -
m ' -
Bills Killed.
Following are the measures that have
been refused passage either in tbe Senate
or the Assembly, have been withdrawn oi
been vetoed by the Governor:
S. B. 0, by Aram An act to amend an act en
titled "An act ereatlng a Commissioner of
Public Worts, defining his duties and powers
prescribing his compensation end making &%>■
propriation," approved March 24, 1893, re
lating to the office of Commissioner of I'ablic
Works.
S. B. 9, by Beard— An act amending section
704 of an act entitled '*An act to provide for
the organization, incorporation and govern
ment of- munlcpal corporations," approved
March 13, 1883, relating to powers of the
Boards ot Trustees of certain citie-.
8. B. 18, by Bert— An act authorizing the
appointment of un interpreter of the Japanese
language and dialects in criminal proceed
ings ln counties and cities and counties of
100.000 inhabitants and over. "* uunues oi
A. B. 390, by Committee on Corporations— An
act providing for the sa.e of street railroad and
other franchises in municipalities, and pro
viding conditions for the granting of such
franchises by the legislative or other govern
ing bod v. and repealing conflicting act*
A. B, 405, by Sims— An net making an "appro
priation lor improving the Capitol buildings
and grounds. . »-■"*,■
S. B. 24 by Bert-An act fixing the mini
mum rate ° compensation for labor on pub.ic
8. B. 30, tby Braunhart-An set to reduce the
rates of fares on street railroads in cities
cities and counties, and towns, and to requite
the issuance of commutation tickets for not
less than sixty trips at educed rates.
B. B. 34, by Bulla— An act to amend section
5 of an act entitled -An act to provide a sys
tem of street improvement oo^ldi "to repre
sent certain assessments for the cost of street
work and improvement withiu municipalities,
and also r toe payment of such bonds," ap
proved February 27. 1893. *■■*««•*, au
-.. 40, ( by Buiu-An act to regulate the
practice of .architecture.
nn -8.45, by Bul1 »— An net to amend section
r«i?L CI J apter c^XXXIVof the Statutes of
California, approved Match 24, 1893, and en
«. IS?- £* " ac i to establish a uniu.rm system
oi county and township governments."
♦p--™ V by . Bulla— An act entitled an act
to amend section 883 of an act entitled "An
act to establish a Code of Civil Procedure, re
lating to trials by ** "' in Justices' courts,"
approved March 11, 1872.
_iL i !L 51, by Dickinson— An act making an
appropriation for reimbursing the county of
Marin lor moneys expended by it for the pros
ecution of crimes committed within the State
prison at San Quentin. and for inquests held
over the bodies of convicts who have died
within said prison. - •
S. B. 58. by Doty— An act to appropriate
money lor the erection of a monument upon
the plat of ground belonging to the Sacra
mento Association of Veterans of the Mexican
war, situate in the City Cemetery of Sacra
mento, and for the improvement of said
grounds. °""*
-8. B. 61, by Dwyer— An set providing for the
election of delegatei to party conventions, reg
mating the conduct ot such conventions, |nd
prescribing punishments for violation of du
ties imposed herein. .
S. B. 64, by Dwyer— An act to establish a
State hospital for special diseases, to provide
for the management and maintenance of the
same, and to make an appropriation therefor.
: S. B. 71, by Hall— Au act to enforce the
prompt payment of the wages of laborers in
lawful money of the United States of America.
8. B. 72, by Henderson— An act to provide
for the omission of costs in justices' courts in
actions to recover for personal services.
& B. 74, by Henderson— An act to protect
citizens iv their civil rights.
8. B. 76, by Holloway— An act providing for
the dissolution of certain corporations doing
a banking business.
S. B. 78, by Holloway— An act to amend sec
tion 1918 of the civil Code of California relat
ing to interest. .I.'**": I
8. 8.79, by Jones— An act relating to estrays,
and repealing all other acts and parts of acta
now in force relating to estrays.
S. B. 80, by Jones— An act to amend section
1469 of an act of the Legislature of the State
of California, entitled "An act to establish a
Code of Civil Procedure," relating to the sup
port of the families of deceased persons, and
the distribution of the estate of deceased per
sons, where the value of the whole estate does
not exceed the sum of $1500.
S. B. 84, by Jones— An act making an appro
priation for furnishing a central build. for
the Southern California State As.Turn for the
Insane and Inebriates.
S. B. SO, by Jones— An act making an appro
priation for a system oi storm drains and im
provements of the grounds of the Southern
California State Asylum for the Insane and
Inebriates.
8. B. 88. by Jones— An act making an appro
priailon fqr the erection of a central builuing
for the Southern California State Asylum for
the Insane and Inebriates.
S B. 94, by Langford — An act to amend sec
tion 3491 of the Political Code, relating to the
•election of trustees of reclamation districts.
8. B. 95, by Langford— An act entitled "An
act to provide for the Inheriting of community
property by a married woman upon the death
if the husband intestate " - -
S. B. 97 by Langford— An act to amend sec
tion 47 of the Code of Civil Procedure, relatlnr
to the Dlace of holding the sessions of the Su
preme Court.
S. B. 110, by Prisk— An act to provide for the
management and operation of , railroads above
certain elevations.
S. B. 112, by Seawell— An act to amend sec
tion 1137 of the Penal Code, relating to papers
a jury may take when retiring.
*_ B. 115. by pSeawell— An act to amend sec
tion 612 of the Code of Civil Procedure, relat
ing to papers a jury may take when retiring.
S. B. 123, by Seawell— An act to amend sec
tion 792 of the Political Code, so as to prohibit
a county officer or his deputy from being a
notary public.
S. B. 138, by Smith— An act appropriating
money to pay ihe expenses of collecting, pre
paring, forwarding, installing and maintain
ing, taking down and returning an exhibit of
the products of the State of California at the
Tennessee Centennial Exposition to be held in
Nashville in 1897.
S. B. 143. by Stratton— An act to amend sec
tion 974 of the Code of Civil Procedure of the
State of Caliiornla, relating to appeal from
judgment of Justices' or Police courts.
S. B. 144. by Stratton— An act to amend sec
tion 939 of the Code of Civil Procedure of the
State of California, relating to time within
which an appeal may be taken.
S. B. 148, by Stratton— An act ; to amend sec
tions 739 and 769 of the Political Code, relat
ing to ihe appointment of phonographic re
porters by the Supreme Court.
S. B. 149, by Stratton— An act to amend sec
tions 379 and 1913 of the Code of Civil Pro
cedure of the State of California, relating to
partiei defendant to civil actions and the ef
fect of decrees.
S. B. 152, by Voorheis— An act to amend sec
tion 3555 of article VI of the Political Code of
the State of California.
S. B. 103, by Wolfe— An act for the appoint
ment of a commissioner to represent the State
of California at the Central American Exhibi
tion, to be held ln the city of Guatemala on
March 15, 1897, and to prescribe bis powers
and duties. .
S. B. 173, by Bulla— act to amend sec
tion 1409 of the Penal Code, relating to new
i trials on appeal from Justices' courts.
8. B. 174, by Bulla— act to amend an act
entitled "An act to establish a Penal Code,"
approved February 14, 1872, by adding a new
section thereto, to be known as section 1430}..
relating to trials without a jury in Justices'
courts.
S. B. 183, by Withington— act to enable
j cities incorporated and operating under sec
tion 8, article XI, of the eons itution, to
abandon and annul such charter and organize
■ under general laws.
S. B. 188, by Braunhart— act to amend
an act entitled "An act lor the relief of in
! solvent debtors, for the protection of creditors
j and for the punish men tot fraudulent deb-.ors,"
approved March 20, 1895.
j S. B. 190, by Biaunhart— An set to amend
section 1727 of an act entitled -An act to es
tablish a Code of Civil Procedure of the State
of California," approved March 11,1872, re
lating to Public Administrators. . -..
S. B. 191, by Braunhart — An act concerning
champerty and maintenance and to punish
those guilty thereof.
S. B. 192, by Braunhart— An act to amend
sections 1444 and 1445 of the Code of Civil
Procedure in relation to appraisements of
estates of deceased persons.
S. B. 194, by Braunhart— An act to amend
section 1309 of an act entitled "Au act to
establish a Code of Civil Procedure of the State
of California," approved March 11, 1872, re
lating to persons entitled to administer upon
estates of deceased persons.
; S. B. 207, by Voorheis— An act making an
appropriation to pay the claim of George A.
Sturtevant for costs of suits la foreclosing de
linquent purchasers of State school lands.
S. 15. 244, by Voorheis— An act making an
appropriation to pay the claim of Sarah H.
Wing for the killing of her husband, O. H.
Wing.
8. B. 250, by Androus— An act to amend an
act to establish the fees of county, township
and other officers and of jurors a. id witnesses
in this State, relating to fees to be paid County
Clerks.
aB. 252, by Dickinson— An act directing the
State Prison Directors of the State of California
to employ at least twenty prisoners in tne
construction of roads to the State prison at
San Quentln.
S. B. 279, by Seiwell— act to amend sec
tion 312 of the Code of Civil Procedure of the
State of California, relating to the time of
commencing action. •.„■ .
S. B. 280, by seawell— An act to amend sec
tions 8 and 49 of an act entitled "An act lor
the reiief of insolvent dcb:ors. for the pro
tection of creditors and for the punishment
of fraudulent debtors," approved March 26,
1895.
S. B. 295. by Pedlar— An act to amend sec
tion 270 of the Code of Civil Procedure, rela
tive to the qualifications and competency of
phonographic reporters of the courts of the
State.
8. B. 296, by Pedlar— An act to amend sec
tion 1/0 of the Code of Civil Procedure, rela
tive to the disubatificatlons of Judges and Jus
tices of the Peace.
Ksm Hudyan
_Wm Cures.
If yon are suffer-
■ps<*s* © %k. £Qa ing wiih pain; in
| jffl \*m j2_^|sl tbe small of your
l»V??* f^jfaM back, also pains up
V^^w-^O^^T^ra each side of back-.
t^^^ r y^__WmW bone to lower points
fiwJ^lssvi^M the great cure is the!
i«_pvr!*vT **"*^ Hudvan Remody)
S^^*^^.^*v^^ . Treatment. If you
i?§3*s^^ifr^F-5w have dizziness, oal-
Wat/pi* ImSr- i pitation, rush" of
HK-r jSLWkw.M blood, faintness, the
§_pTOB«^Wpp_^_U Hudyan cure is cer-
tain in your case.
ISlia YOU CAN
get Hudvan only
from the doctors of Hudson Medical In-
stitute.
Wuilyan cures falling sensations, Lost
Manhood, Nervous Debility and : diseases
and disabilities of man. Hudyan is to be
had only from Hudson Medical Institute.
•■. . -
Cir_CtT-j--.]FIS _E , ii=t.3_---3
DLuUD r0.0U.l ternary form of Blood
BLOOD POISOi Poison cured with the
DLUUpU rUIOU.f 30-day cure. Consult
BLOOD POISOM o^wrTtefo^ 013 **
30-DAY CURE
CIRCULARS.
Hudson Medical Institute
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.& B. 297, by Pedlar— act to amend the
' section referring to jurors' fees in "An act to
establish the fees of county, township and
other officers and of jurors and witnesses in
this State,' approved March 23, 1895. ,
S. B. 301, by Braunhart— An act requiring
street-railway companies in any city, city and
. inty or town of this State to issue package
/ ets, nnd providing lor the redemption
. p^-.ii'-reof. •
S. B. 325, by Mnhoney— An net providing for
• a general primary election within the State of
California, and to promote the purity thereof. !
8. B. 331, by Bulla— An act to amend section !
1042 oi the Penal Code of the State of Call- !
fornia, relating to jury trials in criminal i
cases.
S. B. ,335, by Gillette— An act to amend sec- |
tion 729 of the Code of Civil Procedure, re- |
lating to the compensation for commissioners* i
services in the loreclosure of mortgages, ap- '
proved March 9, 1893.
S. B. 319. by Wolfe—An act to authorize
boards of health of municipalities and coun- I
ties of this State to issue _u*>penas for wit
nesses and to compel attendance ot witness's
before such boards.
S. B. p350, by Wolfe— An act to confer further ■
powers upon the boards of health of the ma* ;
niclpalities and counti s in this State.
S. B. 352, by Morehouse— An act to amend
section 1881 of the Code of Civil Procedure of i
the State of Caliiornia relative to the exam- ;
ination r>f witnesses holding certain rela.ions.
S. B. 377. by Linder— An act to nnund an act
entitled an "Act to establish a uniform system j
of county and township governments," ap- j
proved March 24, 1893, by nmendi.tg section
173 there.! relating to counties of the eleventh
class.
S. B. 378, by Henderson— An act to prevent
the use of paranzella or dragnet in the waters
of this State.
S. B. 390. by Braunhart— act to amend !
section 60 ol an act entitled "An set to estab- |
lish a uniform system of count-.- ana township I
governments," approved March 24, 1893.
S. B. 420. by Morehouse— An net to -menu '
"section 580 of the Code of Civil Procedure of ■
the State of California relating to judgments.
S. B. 432, by Doty— net to amend an act
: entitled "An act to establish a Penal Code,"
approved February 14, 1872, by amending sec
tion 1329 thereof relating to the payment of
expenses of witnesses in criminal cases.
B. B. 433, by Seawell— net to amend sec
tion 3700 of "the Political Code of the Slate of
California reining to the publication of tho
delingu -nt tax list.
S.JJ. 444, by Denison — An act to amend an
act eu titled "An act providing for the erection
and oDeratinjr of rock-crushing plants at the
State prisons for the preparation of bignway
material for the benefit of the people of the
/ b," and for other purposes, approved
•J .on -28, 1395.
j .-. B. 452, by Simpson— An act to amend see
n o 1238 of the Civil Code Procedure of the j
State oi California, concerning the right oi
eminent domain.
8. B. 453, by Simpson— An act relative t . the |
granting by municipalities of franchises for
the construction of paths and roads for the
use of bicycles and other horseless vehicles.
S. B. 465, by Morehouse— An act to amend I
an act entitled '-An act to provide for the ap
pointment and salary of a clerk in the office of
the Superintendent of Public Instruction and
to make an appropriation therefor," approved
March 27. 1895.
.B. B 400. by Dickinson— An act to establish
a uniform system to enable any city, city and
county, city or town or municipality to fur
nish tho inhabitants thereof with water for
• domestic, irrigation or manufacturing pur- i
poses or use within or without their corporate j
limits.
8. B. 470, by Bovce— An act to amend sec
tions 1003, 1771, 1772. 1775 and 1858 of the
Political Code of California and to and a new
section thereto, to be known as section 1523,
relating to the public schools.
S. B. 505, by Dickinson— An act to provide
for the making of a certain map of the several
counties of the State of California.
S. B. 503, by Hall— An act to amend an act
entitled "An act appropriating 5f40,000 for the
purpose of the establishment an . manxgement
of the industrial Home for Mechanical Trades
for the Adult Blind of the State of California,"
approved March 5, 1885, and to prescribe the
ties of the officers thereof, and of the State
officers in reference thereto.
8. B. 511. by Jones— An act to amend section
* 4161 of an act entitled "An act to establish a
Political Code," approved March 12, 1872, rela
• tive to County Treasurer loaning public money
or making general deposits.
- S. B. 540, by Jones— An act to amend section I
690 oi an net entitled "An act to establish a
< q«de of civil Procedure," approved March 11.
1872.
is. B. 576, by Pedlar— An act to prevent im
position and fraud by persons representing
ti.emseives to be members of lawful organiza
tions, and to prevent the wearing of the badge
or insignia of such lawful organizations, by
persons not entitled to wear the name.
8. B. 578. by Simpson— An act amending
pection 071 and section 674 of the Cede of Civil
Procedure of the State oi California, approved ;
March 12. 1872, relative to docketing judg- J
ments, and mating the same a lien upon real ."
property. . . .'."
S. B. 537. by Dickinson— An net to nmend !
I section 595 of the Civil Code of the State of
Vi 595 relating to religious, social and '
.-.a, relating to religious, social and j
T&enevolent associations.
. I S, B. 599, Dy Cleaves— net to amend sec
tion 2653 of the Political Code of the State of
California, relative to property highway tax.
S. B. 000. by Braunhart— An act to "amend
section 103 of an act entitled "An act to estab- I
lish a unliorm system of county and township |
governments," approved March 14, 1883, re- j
lating to salaries of county officers in counties '
of the first class.
S. B. 607. by Henderson— An act to amend I
section 2032 of the Code of Civil Procedure of
the State of California relative to the taking of
depositions in this State.
S. B. 603, by Henderson— An act relating to
the falsifying of evidenc. and amending sec
tion 132 of the Penal Cod. of the State of
Californli).
S. B. 613. by Langford— An act to regulate
the practice of architecture.
S. B. 617, by Dickinson— An net to amend
section 717 of the Civil Code of the State ol
California relative to leases of lots.
S. B. 638, by Jones —An act to
amend section 10 of an act entitled
"An act to establish a uniform system
of county and township governments," at
proved March 24, 1393, and as amended by
an act approved January 25, 1835, which
said section 10 relates to ana defines the basis !
of computation for classifying the several
counties of ihe State, according to popula- I
tion, and classifyinsr the said counties, and to
emend section 102 thereof, relating to the '
Classification of counties, and to insert a new j
section therein, to be numbered 173'_. creat- I
ing a class of counties of the eleventh-and-a- !
halt class, relating to the government of
counties.
8. B. 649, by Gillette— An act to amend sec
tion 3909 of an act entitled "An act to estab
lish a Political Code," approved March 12,
1872, fixing the boundaries of Del Norte
County, Cal. "CBSE
S. B." 656, by Flint— An act to amend tne
Penal Code oi California by adding a new sec
tion thereto, to be known as s3ction 626j, re- i
lating to come.
S. B. 657, by Flint— An act to amend section
626 of en act entitled "An act to establish a
• Penal Code," as amended and approved March
27, 1895. , . --,; -. ■
A. B. 13, by Bridgford— An act to amend sec
tion 3817 of the Political Code of the State of
. California, relating to the redemption of real
estate sold for taxes.
A. B. 24, by Sownrd — act entitled an act
to amend section 175 of the Civil Code, relat
ing to the power of the husband over com
munity propei .■•-,--.■
P B. 35, by Goff— An act to amend section
2:|oi an act entitled "An act to provide for
tt|* organization and government of irrign
ti-Vi districts and to provide for the acquisi
tip..' of water and other, property, and for the
' di-tribution of water* th ere for irrigation
purposes," approved March 7, 1887, relating
to redemption of property sold lor non-pay
ment of assessments.
A. B. 42, oy Lindenberger — An act to amend
, sections 3746,3756, 3758, 3759, 3764 and
3767 of the . Pol.tical Code, relating- to the
time of payment of taxes. , '
A. B. 43, ry Austin— An act appropriating
the sum of $3500 for the erection of a Califor
nia inaugural exhibition arch in the city of
• ashington, D. C.
A. B. 48, by Sanford— An act to provide for
the employment of citizens of the United
States up<iii. DUfaiie works within this State.
IA. B. 49, by Sanford — An act to provide a'
lunch hour lor employe*.
A. B. 60, by Sanford— An act to amend sec
tion 035 of the Code cl Civil Procedure, relat
ing to me enforcement or carrying into execu
tion of judgments after the lapse of five years
from date of entry.
a. i:. 09. by Melick— An act to prohibit the
ration, of honey and to provide a punish
ment therefore. .
'. . B. *-7, by Sowerd— An net to amend sec
tion 318 of the Penal Code, relating to war
rßiits issued by magistrates and their delivery
tp -rence officers, and to repeal sections 819
and 320 of the Penal Code, relating to.the is
suance and execution of warrants in a county
oilier than the one la which they were issued.
A.B 83. by Soward— An net to nmend Rec
tion 090 of trie Code of Civil Procedure, relat
. ing to property exempt from execution, and to
"rep section 1196, relating to property sub
ject io attachment, execution or other" legal
• process.
A. 15. 90, by Dibble— An net to amend section
38 of an ac: approved March 9, 1893, amend
. ing sections 3. to 33 inclusive of an act ap
proved March 31, 1891, adding those sections
to Ai set to provide for work upon streets, nl
)er|, limes, courts, places and sidewalks, and
for fine construction of sewers within munici
jsii lies, Approve*] March 18, 1885.
/. B. 92, by Goff— An act malting an appro
priation for furnishi g a central building for
the Southern California State Asylum for the
* sane and Inebriates.
A. B. 90, by Goff— An net making an appro
priation for the erection of a central building
lor the Southern California State Asylum for
e lnsane abd Inebriates.
A. B. 98, by Moultrie— Au net to amend sec
tions 1369 and 1379 of an act entitled "An act
to establish a Code of Civil Procedure," ay
I
proved March 11, 1872, relating to the com-'
petency and appointment of administrators of
estates 01 deceased persons.
A. B. 109, by Goff— act making an appro
priation for a system of storm drains anu im
provement of grounds of the Southern Cali
fornia State Asylum for the Insane and In
ebriates. jKBBB-pH-'^
A. B. 110, by Goff— An act making an ap
propriation to pay for the support of the
Southern Caliiornia Asylum for the Insane
and Inebriates for the forty-ninth and fiftieth
! fiscal years.
A. B. 115, by Cross— An net. regulating detec
: tives and detective agencies.
A. B. 135. by Treacy— An act to amend sec
i tion sof "An act conferring power upon the
I common Council, Board of Supervisors or other
I governing body of cities or Clues ana counties
i of over 100,000 inhabitants to acquire or con
-1 demn land for a suitable site nnd erect thereon
a suitable builiing or buildings for municipal
! purposes," approved Mi rch 27, 1595. ,
A. B. 14G, by Price— An act providing for the
dissolution of certain corporations doing a
banking business. .— -< -. 3_S"__9M39 \
A. B. 149, by Cross— An act to amend section
'-. 702 of the Code of Civil Procedure, relating
j to redemption of property sold under judg
| ment.
A. li. 153, by Hill— An act to amend section
i 2of "An ac to author. ze the Board of Super
visors of the several counties of the State to
' transfer certain funds," approved April 23,
ISBO. -i**-:'*, ■";
A. B. 154, by Sanford— An act to pay the
' claim of George A. Sturtevaut for services ren
dered us District Attorney of Mendocino
County in foreclosing certificates of purchase
of State school lands and to appropriate
money to pay the same.
A. b. 155, by Elliott— An act to amend sec
tion 1121 of the Penal Code, relative to juries
| in criminal cases.
A. a. 170", by Vosburg— An act to amend an
I act, entitled "An act to amend an act entitled
| 'An net to crotect and ' promote horticultural
interests of the Stale,'" approved March 19,
. 1889.
A. B. 184, by Godfrey— act conferring
j power upon the governing bodies of cities of
the rust class to provide for the erection of a
municipal hospital and to levy a t_x therefor.
A. B. 1.8, by Keegan — act to amend sub
division 9 of section 802 of au act entitled
"An act to provide for the organization, Incor
poration and government of municipal cor
porations," approved March 13, 1883.
A. B. 193, by Canavan— An act making an
appropriation for reimbursing the county of
Marin tor moneys expended by it for the pros
ecution of crimes committed within the State
prison at San Quentin, and for inquests held
over the bodies of convicts who have died
within said prison.
A. B. 195. by McClellan— An act to amend
article 047 of the Penal Code of California
i repeal of the vagrant act.
A. B. 215, by Guy— act making an appro
! priation to pay the claim- of C. E. Cunning-
I ham and IV. C. Kodgers for services as elevator
J attendants in the Capitol building.
A. B. 203. by Leavltt— An act making an ap
propriation for the support of the State Print
ing Offi c for the lorty-eighth fiscal year.
A. B. 230, by Goafi.y— An act to amend an
act entitled "An act amendatory, of and sup
plemental to au act entitled 'An act to create
a Police Court in and for the City and County
lof San Francisco,' which said amendatory
': and supplemental act now amended was ap
\ proved February 23, 1893, «md to fix ihe term
of office of Judges of said court.
A. B. 290, by Cross— An act removing land
j used as soldiers' homes from school districts
, within the State and designating school facil
j ities for children of school age residing within
i such territory. •«'•-.-
A. B. 305, by Sims— An set appropriating
$287,000 to pay claims against tne State of
Ca.iforniH, known a- coyote scalp claims.
A. B. 313, by Cutter— An act to amend sec
! tion 1 of an act entitled "An act authorizing
! certain corporations to act as executor an 1 in
other capacities, and to provide for and regu
! late the administration of trus s by such cor-
I porations." approved April 6, 1891.
A. B. 315, by Lindenberger— A; act to amend
[ an act entitled "An act to establish a uniform
j system of county and township government,"
I approved March 24, 1893, by amending sec
! tion 235, relating to the classification of new
! counties, and the reclassification of any ex
! isting county whe c the population of such
| county shall have been reduced by reason of
; the creation of any new county from the terri
tory thereoi.
A. B. 331, by Mead— An act to amend section
i 359 of an act entitled "An act to establish a
; Civil Code," approved March al, 1872, relat
; ing to corporations, and the increase and
; diminution of the capital stock, and the crea-
I tion, increase and diminution of the bonded
' indebtedness thereof.
A. B. 335, by Soward — An act to provide for
the establishment of a board of examiners for
the California Therapeutic Society and Col
lege, which is to be self-sustaining.
A. B. 338, by Lendsborough— act to
i amend an act entitled "An act to establish a
; Penal Code." by amending section 1329 there
, of, relative to the payment of witness expenses
i in criminal cases.
A. B. 344, by Kenyon— act to amend an'
; act entitled "An act to amend an net * to pro
j tect and promote the horticultural interests
I of the State," approved March 19, 1889.
A. B. 387, by Elliott— An act to amend sub
j divisions 7, 11 and 15 of section. 1543 of the;
\ Political Code, relative to the powers and dv- i
| ties of School Superintendents and Boards of
' School Trustees. ,* "7 i
A. B. 392, by Guy— An act transferring from !
| the estate of deceased persons fut'd to the State
school land fund the sum of $100,000 and di
! recting the State Board of Examiners to Invest
the same in interest-bearing bonds, to be held
! in trust for the benefit of the State school
fund. * -•»-* •-
A. B. 403, by Goff— An act amendatory of an
act entitled "An act to amend an act entitled
an act to protect and promote horticultural
interests of the State," approved March 14,
1881; approved March 19, 1889; approved
March 31. 1891.
A. B. 412, by Committee on Revision of
Codes and Statutes— act to amend section
337 of the Code of Civil Procedure. .
A. B. 414. by Committee on Revision of j
Codes and Statutes — act to amend section |
339 of the Code of Civil Procedure.
A. B. 429. by Jones— act to amend section
571 f»f the Civil Code, relating to savings and
loan corporations.
A. B. 443, by.McCandlsh— Au act to provide
j for the construction of a free wagon-road or
: highway from a point on Bean Creek, in Mari
i posa County, to the Yo-.emite Valley, and ap
propriate t* money therefor.
A. B. 456, by Committee- on Revision of
i Codes and -statutes— An net to amend section
I 691 of the ' ode oi civil Procedure.
A. B. 458. by Committee on Revision- of
i codes and Statutes — act to amend -ecllon
868 of the Code of Civil Procedure.
A. B. 494, by Canavan— An act to prevent de
ception in the manufacture and sale of butter
and cheese, to secure its enforcement and to
appropriate money therefor.
A. B. 507, by Canavan— An act to designate a
day to be called Arbor day.
A. B. 511, by Burnett— An" act to amend sec
tion 4046 of the Political Code, relating to the
powers ami duties of Boards of Supervisors.
A. B. 512, by Burnham— An act to amend
sections 2292, 2293 and 2294 of chapter 111,
title V, of the Political Code, relating to the I
State Library.
A. 8.518, by McClellan— An act to amend an I
act entitled "An act to establish a uniform
system of county and township governments,"
approved May 24, 1893, by amending section
»7 thereof, relating to the custody of public
moneys by the Treasurer.
A. B. 525, by Price— An act to provide for the
erection of n suitable storage reservoir, to lay
mains with all necessary connections, and to
provide power apparatus, to make complete a
new waterworks system for fire emergency,
storage and motive purposes, at the California
Home for the Care and Training of Feeble
minded Children, and making an appro
priation therefor. v * y
A. B. 526. by Price- An act to provide for the
completion of the main building of the Cali
iornia Home for the Care and Training of
Feeble-minded Children, by the erection of
the east front thereto and thereof,. to provide
for necessary additions to the kitchen wing
and making an appreciation therefor
A. B. 537, by Robinson— An act protecting
the claims of those who may furnish materials
or labor for the working or development of
mining properties under powers which are
obtained oy bond or a trust deed.
*A. B. 576, *by McClellan— An act to amend
section 647 of the Penal Code of Caliiornia ■
A. B. 580, by Cross— An act to provide that
all codes and statutes furnished to the Legisla
tures shall at the Cos? of the session of the
Legislature be returned to the Secretary of
Stnte, to be kept by him lor the use of succeed
ing Legislatures. ,
A- B. 589. by Canavan— An act to amend an
act entitled "An net to establish a hnitorm
i system of cnuntynnd township governments "
apptoved March 24, 1893. by amending sec
tion 188, relating to county officers, their ap
pointment, duties and compensation.
A. B. 019, by Cutter— An act to authorize
and direct the State Board of Harbor Commis
sioners to establish and maintain a free public
marKet upon the water front of San Francisco
and providing for tne expenses and regulations
thereof. -■-_-»; . . ...
A. 11. 624, by Emmons— An act amendine
section 407 of the Code of Civil Procedure of
the State of California.
.A.B. 625. by Cross— act relating to cer
tain banking corporations and the manage
ment and administration of the affairs of such
corporations. . ■-, ;
A. B. 628. by Robinson— An act to amend
sections 1517, 1520. and 1521 of the Political
Code relating to the public schools..
A. B. 732. by Vosburg— An act to nmend an
act entitled "An act relating to commitments
to the State school «t Whitticr and to the Pres
ton School of Industry, fixing the authority
to examine and commit to such schools with
the Superior Court Judges of the counties and
fixing the responsibilities from which com
mitments are. made to the State lor mainte
nance of the persons commuted , therefrom,
providing for the manner of payment thereof,
and fixing the responsibility of the parents to
the counties from which their children are
committed
A.B. 833, by Treacy— act to authorize
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1597.
the Board of Education of tbe City and County
of San Francisco to lease a school lot in said
City and County. . "
A. B. 889, by CommitteV,on PuDlic Print
ing—An act making an appropriation for the
support of the state Printing Office for.the
forty-eighth fiscal year and repealing certain
existing law?, as far as they may be incon
sistent with this act. (Substitute for Assem
bly bills 863, 864 and 8.5.)
AMERICANS FEEL
UNSAFE IN CUBA
So There Is a Great ' 'Exodus
From the Distured
Island.
Secretary O'.ney Has Demanded From
' Spanish Authorities an Explana
tion of Ruiz's Death.
WASHINGTON, D. CL, Feb. Secre
tary Olney has demanded in Havana and
in Madrid a full explanation of the death
of Dr. Kicardo Ruiz, who was secretly ar
rested on a charge of complicity in derail
ing a train carrying Spanish troops.
Ruiz was said to have been a naturalized
American citizen. He died in jail un
der suspicious circumstances. Other pris
oners said he was murdered, but the Span
ish authorities insist that be committed
suicide.
Ever since the arrest of Ruiz the au
thorities have refused to give Consul-
General Lee any information, and it was
not until he mado a peremptory demand
for Ruiz's body that the Marquis of Ahu
mada issued the necessary order. When
the body was turned over to Consul-
General Lee an inspection showed that
the face and head haa been battered in.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. '22.— dis
patch to the Sun from Havana says: The
attitude assumed by Consul-General Lee
in the case of tne death of tbe American
citizen, Ricardo Ruiz, has made the Amer
ican representative very unpopular among
the Spaniards. The communication sent
; to General Lee. by the Marquis of Ahum*
j ada is highly praised by the Spaniards.
! The case is very similar to that of Charles
Govin, who was undoubtedly assassinated
by the Spaniards. In that cases all the
protests of General Lee were useless
against the formal official denial by the
Marquis of Ahumada tbat Govin had been
j killed by the Spaniards and in the face of
! the indifference shown in the matter by
| the American administration.
Ricardo Ruiz was slain in a manner
j called componente here, that is, be was
! struck over the head with a piece of wood
! or iron and his sKuil wa<- fractured so that
| be died. But how can this fact be proved
i if tbe Spanish authorities certify tbat be
| committed suicide by dashing bis head
i against the wall? The autopsy can only
I show tbat the man suffered from violence,
i but whether inflicted by himself or by an
j otner person is difficult to tell.
Since the death of Govin the belief is
! general here that the Spaniards can kill
all the American citizens in Cuba without
being called to account for the crimes.
The great majority of tbe American resi
dents of Cuba are leaving the island.
LEE H AS RESIGNED.
Such Is the Report That Cornea From
Key West.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 22.— A dis
patch to the Herald from Havana via Key
West says: Consul-General Lee has re
signed. His letter tendering his resigna
tion under certain conditions goes by the
next mail. He determined some days ago
to take such a step if he were not upheld
in bis efforts to protect all American citi
zens in Cuba. *' * •
The Consul-General asked tbe State De
partment that he be authorized to de
mand the release of citizens of tbe United
States confined , in Cuban prisons under
the same illegal circumstances as was the
ill-fated Ruiz. Sncb authorization has
not been granted him.
Spanish warships in Cuban waters have
since Sunday been concentrating in tbe
harbor of Havana. This is regarded here
as very significant in view of the impor
tant incidents of the last few days.
Great anxiety is felt at the palace and
in all official circles at tbe news from
Cienfuegos, which is tbat that city is in
mutiny of the Spanish troops. Large ar
rears of pay are due the army in Cuba,
and the discontent caused by this has cul
minated in open disobedience in the
Spanish ranks in the Cienfuegos district.
The insurgents in the eastern end of tbe
island have captured. Bayamo, an impor
tant town in Santiago.
— : — ♦
FOR AX AUXILIARY LEAGUE.
Professors and Students at Stanford
Sympathize With Cuba.
STANFORD. UNIVERSITY, Cal., Feb.
22.— A mass meeting will be beld in the
chapel to-morrow evening to form an
auxiliary organization .of the Cuban
League of the United States. Professor
Bolton Colt Brown has the matter in
charge. Ewal.l Flugel, professor of Eng
lish philology, and George Elliott How
ard, professor of history, will speak
during the evening. Several other pro
fessors and students are expected to ad
dress the meeting. Tbe object Professor
Brown has in view is to form an efficient
league with as little machinery as pos
sible.
A subscription list will be started and
the money raised will be used for the pur
poses of the Cubans. Most of the students
have followed the course of the strife, and
the indications .are tbat the meeting will
be well attended.
'. •
So Contingency for Warships.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 22,—Ac
cording to advices at the Navy Depart
ment Admiral Bonce's fleet is now practi
cally dispersed, though so advantageously
distributed that it could be assembled in a
few-days if an emergency arose. , While
the fleet will be nearer Cuba than ever be**
fore it is explained that this is merely due
to the necessities of tbe service, and, the
administration foresees no contingency
under which the vessels could be placed
in a position at all offensive to the ami
cable relations existing with Spain.
•**>' — —
Was Ruiz a Citizen 1
WASHINGTON. D. C, Feb. 22.— 1n re
gard to the Ruiz case it is said at the State
Department tbat his naturalization was
not wholly incontestibie; that his natu
ralization papers, as a matter of fact,
have not yet been found.
m
Last of the Fortin Brick Company.
• BAN RAFAEL. Cal , Feb.* 22.— big
brickyards* at Point San Pedro will soon
be -a thing of the past. J. J. North, the
assignee of the Fortin Brick Company;
will disnose ot the machinery and bricks
next Thursday by order of court. The
F run Brick Company has manufactured
millions upon- millions of bricks at the
point and its works are quite extensive.
_ . m, «
Removal— Dr. 13. W. Dennis, dentist, has re
moved from 115 Powell street to Parrott build
ing, 825-855 Market, over Emporium. ; *
SANFORD AND
THE MILLMEN
Reiterates His Charges as
to Abuse of Northern
Lumbermen.
Will Rise to a Question of
Privilege in the Assembly .
and Answer Criticism.
At Some of the Mendocino Loggia?
Camps, He Says, Workmen Are
Unjustly Treated.
SACRAMENTO. Cal,; Feb. 22.—To
morrow, after the reading of the journal
in the Assembly, Santord of Mendocino
will rise to a question of personal privi
lege in reply to a dispatch from TJkiab in
last Sunday's Call, in which bis state
ments with reference to the treatment of
employes by the lumber companies are
denounced as false. Mr. Sanford will say:
"I see in The Call of last Sunday a pro
test from Mendocino County in relation
to what I said in my speech on Monday,
February 15. 1597, regarding the treat
ment of laboring men employed by the
milling companies in Mend.cino County.
In my opening statement I said that some
companies wanted to do what was right
and treated their men fairly well, while
others were tyrannical in the extreme and
refused to do the fair thing by the men.
"I have no apology to make for any
thing I said. On the contrary, I set forth
the condition of affairs very miialy. There
is not a single mill company in Mendo
cino County that I know of, and I know
them all, that does not withhold tbe
wages of their men all the way from two
to six months, charging them from 15 to
20 per cent discount, and virtually com
pelling the men to trade in the truck
■tores, thereby again charging them exorbi
tant prices for the goods.
"The companies from Gualala to Caspar
treat the men better than others, but the'
companies north of Caspar are. the ones
from which the greatest complaints come.
These companies on the Northern Mendo
cino coast are the ones that treat the em
ployes so shamefully, namely, Fort Bragg,
Cottoneva, Hardy Creek, Usal. \
"In order to meet the ; charge as to
whether I have misstated facts I will read
some letters from worKinemen in those
sections. This will snow you what they
think of the treatment they receive at the
hands of these companies. All those let
ters are on lilo in Labor Commissioner
Fitzgerald's office."
Tbe following aro extracts from the let
ters to be read to-morrow by Mr. Sanford.
C. I. Smith, an Eastern man, writes as fol
lows concerning a visit made by him to
Fort Bragg:
If you value your time, your lire or your
rights as au American citizen, stay clear of the
Union Lumber Company at Fort Bragg. In
the first place, they want a man to work twelve
hours for a day'?! work, on wages ranging all
the way from 76 cents up to $1 34; but in or
der to get the best wages (or $1 34) a man has
to be able to run a steam skidder, keen it in
repair and do his own firing, and then, for an
appetizer for breakfast, it is quite necessary
for him to get up in the morning at 4:30 and
start his fire no he will have steam by 6
o'clock— their regular starting slme.
When dinner time comes one of our native
sons (John Chinaman) comes out with a horn
(that some poor old ox has been robbed of
after he got so feeble that he could not stand
the hardship of the company any longer) and
blows a blast that causes the blood in the fel
low-oxen's veins to run cold; for, should he
happen to make a misstep and injure himself
so no could not work these 180 men that are
being called to dinner would be picking the
meat off his bones inside of twelve hours.
When It comes to the sleeping part, if you
have not your own bed complete you are not
mil. All that is provided is a board shanty,
and they take particular pains to have tbe
boards far enough apart so there is no need of
windows; for bedsteads they have provided
little wooden boxes with straw ln them, the
same as I used for my dog. A pile of sand in
the middle of the floor, with a holexut in the
roof directly above, constitutes the fireplace
and you have what they call the "Union Lum
ber Company building."
They also have a fine system of paying every
three months. As regular as the time comes
you get a sixty-day sight-draft, whether you
need it or not; or, in. other words, you get a
written guarantee that there ls so mnch com
ing to you that you cannot get until sixty
days from date, unless you will sell it at a dis
count from 7 to 10 per emu But, to cap the
climax, they took $6 out of what was coming
to me, and I don't know what it was for— they
sold it wag for taxes, but I would as soon be
lieve it was to buy fireworks for the Fourth, as
I never saw a tax collector, and was never
asked to pay any taxes, or even told how much
they would be if I was assessed.
If that is California's law, allow me to con
gratulate the lawmakers on their success of
dealing out justice and freedom; but lam
glad I got away alive, for there were two men
killed while I was there, and five crippled,
and some of them crippled for life.
H. Land of Usal writes to the Labor
Commissioner as follows:
Dear Sir: My object ln writing to you Is to
gain a little advic. and information regarding
a lawsuit of which I will tell you in tbis letter.
I went to work for a corporation, which is
known as the firm of Cottoneva Lumber Com
pany, at Rockport of this county. I started to
work on the 22d day of May of last year, and
stayed there until the 6th day of August, on
which day I was discharged. I went to the
office to get my money, and in payment for my
work the superintendent offered me a time
draft, payable sixty days after sight. I would
■ . NEW TO-DAY .' . • ■ ..»„• .
SUPERB SKUJL
That Is the Kind Required in Certain Cases— The Afflicted of San
Francisco and Vicinity Have It at Their Command— One
Need Suffer. 
It is often said that San Francisco is expert knowledge, born of great volumes
overrun with doctors, which may be, and of experience and practice. They require
doubtless is, true. MPf the deepest, clearest possible insight into
_Bar, then, why re 8 ° many people sick 'he mysteries of human functions. shroud-
Why do they continuously, take mcdi- ed, as they often are, in darkness where
cines, and yet never get well ? The ex- the ordinary medical eye sees but little
planation is easy enough, it is because and guesses at facts.
they secure only ordinary drctors, and or- ; Doctor Cook has the skill, the knowl-
dinary doctors cannot, cure them. Nor edge, the experience and the scientific
can worthless belts or so-called "Restora* equipments essential to the successful
tives 'or "Invigorators" or "Vitalize..." treatment of the worst cases that afflict
.^- ~^^ . . anffe ring humanity. By his record. he is
v,^^^-^—;^^****-^ .. known throughout the medical world as
/s" /f%f^to?^^l^^ the greatest specialist of modern times.
// IM/M^^^^^S. Among other ills his specialty embraces
// jWlnfflffr \ \V' Female Complaints, Sexual or : Seminal
If w£s&"f \ Vi Weakness, Men's Private Ailments oleverv
il Wm^W ri*m. \V* name and nature, Blood and Skin Diseases
// t&*&fy *$-W£)mT*W*)> \\ ancl Functional Diseases of the Heart,
S suffering humanity. By record is
known throughout the medical world as
the greatest specialist of modern times.
Among other ills his specialty embraces
Female Complaints. Sexual or Seminal
Weakness, Men's Private Ailments ol every
name and nature, Blood and Skin Diseases
and Functional Diseases of the Heart,
Lun-rs, Liver, Stomach, Kidneys, Bladder
f9_,^ni / • '/Gs£*''l~ : I and Urinary Organs. '
\\ vio^vJ >-_p^_-^ • // Doctor Cook's system of mail treatment
\\ n rwl't^^^C-^r // is perfect Therefore describe .your trou-
u fK-%t^o^^S-^ II bles to him by letter if you cannot call at
V. j[^*3f(ci&^&uMr If his office in person, and. receive, FREE
\_<ll\. I^W^ V OF CHARGE, his new and valuable boo *
< P^l,,^r*|^®^K>^^ on diseases of the Nervous and Sexual
System. He is in bis office, which is
permanently located at 865 Market street,
each day from 9t012 A. M. and 2 to s and 7
Chronic, obstinate, deep-seated diseases to BP. M., except Sundays, when, he may
require extraordinary --kill. They require be consulted from 10 to 12 A. M. only.
i'J_Hi ii if!" ' "^WMMI M i*lllliUhi_i_! Lilil TTTTTCfIir ** V*"Y *" 7"-.tSfi*__W_S__H_B_l_pSftl_S_*s' * >,'-7-jHmm_____m,
not take it. I wanted cash, but the superin
tendent told me it was the best he could do.
I accordingly sued them, and the case was tried
in the Justice of the Peace Court at Westport
on the 22J of August. I got judgment against
them there, but they appealed me case to the
Superior Court at Ukiah. ; Now, my can- has
been set for trial three differ .nt times, but it
has always been put off aud continued for
some reason or another.
Another working-nan, whose name is
suppressed by the Commissioner, writes
as follows: ?■>*;.»«.*-.■..*'«,,-.
My Tear Sir: * * * You spoke in ycur let
ter about looking into the lumber industries,
time-check system, etc., up In this locality. I
wish to say right here, I have often thought of
writing to you on the subject. The Mendocino
cons employs something like 5000 men, and
you have no idea how these men are treated —
words cannot express it. Take this company
here. They pay their men every ninety days
with sixty-day time checks. When the wort
men set "these sixty-day checks they cannot
get them cashed here unless they pay from
15 to 20 per cent discount. Those who cannot
get their checks cashed here at the above dis
count send them to San Francisco, and when
the sixty days expire this" company will not
pay them for months. Then there are thou
sands of dollars of sixty-day checks belonging
to the laboring men ln San Francisco. Now
they have been due since last September, ifn
pnld. Lost summer this company had about
100 nead of old bulls, which they have been
working for years, hauling logs with them in
the woods. They commenced to use machin
ery lor getting out their logs. They then
killed their old rotten bulls and fed them to
their laboring men in the woods. Every man
in this section will teli you this. Men wno
worked in the camps at the time tell me ihey
went months without eating meat— tbey could
not eat it.
The following will be quoted by Mr.
Saniord from the Fort Bragg Advocate.
The letter is dated ■•Rockport" :
With regard to Rockport, I would say that,
judging the future by the past, and speaking
both by observation and experience, there is
very little inducement for any self-r^spac ing
man to come here, unless he Is willing to
leave all bis earnings in the company's oon
and store at prices which would make a '49t*r
blush. Should anything of bis earnings es
cape the rapacity of barkeeper* and . store
keeper, he receives a sixty-day draft on the
15th of each month; this he can take home
ana frame and hang it up to remind him of
all the hard licks he put in to acquire it, for
it is about as negotiable as a Confederate
greenback, without possessing any value as
a historical relic. At the end of sixty days
be can take it back to the -bookkeeper, who
will take about ten days more to exchange it
for a draft on some bank down below the
Mason aDd Dixon line. If by this time the
bank ls still in existence and the cost of col
lection don't eat it all up, he gets bis money.
A man would naturally think he had some
title to his money by this time, but no. Should
he object to paying a dollar for a pair of 40
--cent overalls, or 10 cents a pound for sugar,
ana patronize such enterprising merchants as
Shafiky Bros., he will quickly find himself
upon the retired list, io matter what his
capacity is, and get blacklisted the coast over
in the bargain, and it is about time for Labor
Commissioner Fitzgerald to look this up.
Joseph Brier of East Oakland writes:
On the morning of May 5, 1596, 1 asked and
received my time check; 1 ure v. $3 worth of
goods at the store during my mon ill's stay,
»nd that was deducted from the check: the
clerk informed me that I could have the check
cashed xt the company's store in Fort Bragg.
I accordingly presented mycneck at the store
at Fort Bragg and In return received two re
ceipts, amounting to $6 and $1 90— that was
all I received for ray mouth's work. The com
pany only pays out a time check once in every
three months, and 'hen each man has to send
the same to San Francisco at his own expense,
and will have to wait for sixty more days be
fore he gets any returns. li he does not wish
to wait he can sell his check at Fort Bragg at
10 per cent discount on the dollar. All this is
not told you at the employment office, or that
you will have to wait five months lore you
get any pay, or that tho work is very danger
ous, and that many men get killed or crippled
every year. (I myself know of lour men get
ting seriously hurt, and one getting killed in
oue week.) .EKES '7""-7 '
Alter reading the letters Mr. Sanford
will say:
"In those protests it was said tbat my
bill was a good one and that all the mill
men wanted it passed. Yes; those com
panies are very likely to want such a law
enacted I .They want a law passed that
will prevent them from robbing; working
men I Why do they not do . justice to the
men without waiting to be compelled to
do so by law? If they are in favor ox such
a law why did tbey turn over heaven and
earth tryinc to, defeat me last fall?. Why
did they in some .instances even threaten
to turn men off if they voted for me?
Mill superintendents took particular pains
to ride my opponent all over the country
in a fine surrey and pleaded with the
working-men to vote for him.
"With all this opposition on the part of
the superintendents in those districts
where superintendents fought the hardest
against me my vote was the strongest, In
the seven precincts near Point Arena, my
home, where they did their utmost to de
feat me, I ran 107 votes ahead of William
J. Bryan, and taking the whole coast
through I ran nearly . 200 votes ahead of
my ticket, and had it not happened for
the fact that there was a United States
Senator to be elected I believe I would
have left the coast with over 600 votes
ahead of my. ticket. - '-. _•;« 1 . a -tut '4
"What is "the object of this protest? It
is simply to create a sentiment to defeat
the biil in the Senate." One of those men
who Is represented as protesting against
this bill is W. P. McFaul, one of the own
ers of the Hardy Creek Lumber Company,
which company pays off its men in checks
that could not be sold for 15 per cent, as I
discovered on my visit to Westport during
the last campaign. I found a number of
men in Westport who had checks of this
company, and they would have been will
ing to have sold them for almost any
thing. \
'.'The reason why laboring-men do not
say more about these things is because of
terrorism. They lear that they would be
discharged if they signed petitions for
relief." 7 . -. - * ■■■-.■>
Mr. Sanford will also point out the fact
that in the communications published in
The Call last Sunday not one of the pro
tectants denied any of the charges he had
made with reference to the time checks
and the exorbitant rates charged by the
truokstores.'4lißHin_SS.|jß|j '*?..'.'•«;
Drow ted .it Salem.'
SALEM, On.. Feb. 22.— Charles Kreiner.
cook: of a river steamer, was drowned this
morning, falling overboard from the ves
sel. His body was not found..
'"'___ *''*'* _"-"•'' _tEW TO-D AT — CLOTHING.
— ra — — ii
Couple of weeks ago we held
a sale. Offered every suit in
store marked under $16 for $6.
Success of sale astonished us.
Showed that even in hard times
Jp|L_Jl folks would buy clothes if gen-
vine bargains were offered.
\&. JH We're going to do same thing
V&t again. For two weeks, begin-
mm^iW^Sm. nin S to-day. Your choice of
/\^^MS^[\ an y $ 10 » $ 12 » $ 15 aad $ 16 suifc
B \ Vj lV * n *k Q house for $6.
M \ I i^-liX Not cheap. Satinet Suits ; not
Ji A I \ * ast season ' s styles.
__l^»/_k I* W\\ Every thread in every suit
if^ipf | §L \ we guarantee to be pure wool,
14i g--^ I PL I and to show that we have con-
t Showed that even in hard times
folks would buy clothes if gen-
uine bargains were offered.
We're going to do same thing
again. For two weeks, begin-
ning to-day. Your choice of
any $10, $12, $15 and $16 suit
in the house for $6.
Not cheap Satinet Suits ; not
last season's styles.
Every thread in every suit
we guarantee to be pure wool,
and to show that we have con-
fidence in them we will keep
l^J |p___y | every suit in repair one year
£r**^\^ 'ft 1 *"/^p ___, free of charge.
It The Suits are made up in sin-
T^f J gle and^double breasted sacks
\W® i 1 in the very prettiest of the late
pi p/ll 1 colorings ; light grays, Havana
ill / I brown ; also in Blue and Black
ill « Il " Cheviots, and some exception-
If I H ally neat Worsted Serges in dark
, fM I i\ shades. The Eastern fashion
v Ii It I plates have Men followed
=- U S In I closely as to styles. * '
~ <^ S **^GJjf This sale will positively last
. for only two weeks.
Don't be deceived by fakers
who imitate our name and num-
ber. Look for the name S. N.
WOOD &CO.
S. N. WOOD & CO.
(COLUMBIAN WOOLEN MILLS),
541 Market Street.
ptMrec'ly Opposite Sansome;
*IHB_H__---__B_________B____a_a_--S_B_--_-_B_--DB
AUCTION.
THURSDAY FEBRUARY 35
At 12 st. sharp, by
YON RHEIN & GO.,
513 CALIFORNIA STREET.
FOURTH STREET. j
RENTS $.900 PER YEAR
3-:4*/_x137:6— 126 4ih St.. south of Mission;
rents $.-■•_& per month; large furniture-store and
basement and 40-r.oni lodging-bouse. ■
Cor. Ellis and Leavenworth; Rents s24o.
* 77:6x63— N\V. cor. Ellis and Leavenworth sta.*.
a prominent transfer point; bar, fruit-store, bar-
ber-shop and lines; rents $'_40. .
Bush Street Dwelling. .
25x90—2122 Bosh st, east of Fillmore: sunny
side; 9 rooms and bath: with some repair, will
rent for $51); must be sold.
24th Street— New Cottage.
25x11.-411*7 24th St., west of Castro: a tasty
cottage of 5 rooms, bath and basement; must be
sold. •VV,Viv-JX., i ,.J
Large Corner— Slat Aye. and California
.. '.il-'' ■'■ ■ Street
67:<"_100, in 1 or 2 lots— SE corner California
st. and 21st aye.;. California-.-- cars about to be
changed to electric. * • -.v v"- r - "•*.:* ';"■-".?'■
Kearny, near Green — Rents 539.
20-80. through to Sorora St. 1315 Kearny st.;
--story house, cottage and stable lor 5 horses:
rents $39.
Large Valencia Street Lot.
61x117:6-134 feet south of 25th st-: in 1 or 3
lots, to an alley; facing S. P. R. R. station: thou-
sands of passengers get on and off the cars at this
point.
Church Street, North of Market.
24x125— West line of Church St., 363 feet north
of Market: Flllmore-st. electric cars pass. \
Erie Street. ' *•
25x84—56 Erie St., bet. Mission and Howard and
13th and 14th: 8 room bouse; must be sold: a
good bargain assured. , ..:,.-
-11 St.. near Bth' Aye.— Fronts Park.
25x100— south line of II St., 57:6 feet west of
Bth aye. ' '
'Tehama Street, near 3d— Rents 953.
25x80— 250-250*/*{ Tehama St.; front and rear
house: bet. 3d and 4th; rent ?.3; must be sold.
DR. PIERCES
IS THE BEST.
A PERMANENT CURE.
- ins bubo, Col., Nov. 5, 1898.
Dr. .Fierce & Son, San Francisco
Gentlemen— The fifteen-dollar Belt has been !
received and delivered, but have not heard from -
.. v.f, , ."is " the 'V eraon yet about the j
.N*-iii:*7-a-,*-^ v ,'i;- ---V', * result, but lam not afraid
.iSo2^^W^_pK"V^ ci hlm lomin. back on
|M.Wy__X Jr.. me. as I used one of your
Ejayjjj. ? p'Ajsv^-^^^B Belt, nine (9) years at-o I
Wk^r^___^__^r^-je« l if^g and have never . been '
jP'-.jn^^Mpn^rfgj^ troubled with pains ln
"^fffTH^' m\\\\. 3 tßtv* my back or hips since.
j* •~?^P^~'-^« % So ** ou Bee why ! m n *» '
■% . <Gi^ " ' • afraid to recommend >ur :
' <iCrf,i '' -Belt to anyone suffering ;
 s>^. ■ . . . = with . a weak . back, pains '
in the hips and side, as I was, because it will euro .
them— never to be doubted. I remain yours to
help the sufferer, , - .. .., OEO. A. KAHJU, I
- -f3~ There are no * "quack" . doctors connected i
.with our establishment. Our electric belts cure ]
without drugs 'Frie s reasonable! No robbery: ' I
Established 1875. >end for free "Pamphlet No. i
2." Magnetic Elastic Truss co. (Dr. Pierce" & j
: Son). 704 Sacramento St.. cor.' of Kearn---, second, '
third and fourth floors. I Branch office, 640 Market i
St., below Kearny. S. F. . . .-_•,•."
"AGENCIES— X. V. Goglngs. 904 J St.. Sacra- |
mento: Hoiden Drug Co.. cor. Main and El
Dorado ais., . toe. ton; Ueo. G. M or -house, cor. '
Second and San Fernanao sts., San Jose.
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
IS A POWERFUL APHKODISIAC .AND }
* specific tonic for the sexual and urinary oncans
of both sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of <
the kidneys and bladder. A great Kestorativa,
lnvigorator and Nervine. Sells on its own Merits; !
no long-winded testimonials nece.sary.
7 NAUEK. ALES <_* URUNE, Agents.
8% 3 Market St., b. F,— (Sead • tor circular) j
!.I_ A.Bertellng. Pre* B. Nordman. Vlce-Prea,
A. W. Kirk, Sec. . Jos. Nordman, Treat
__jffi _S__k. __^5 I Cbk
(Formerly 427 Kearny St.)
HAS REMOVED TO
16 KEARNY STREET
NOTARY PUBLIC.
CHARLES H. PHILLIP!-. ATTORNEY-AT-
Law and Notary Public, 638 Market st., oppo-
site Palace Hotel. Telephone 570. Residence 1629
Pell street. Telephone •* Pine " 259 L
THR
WEEKLY
CWLL
!It Publishes the Cream of ths
<__-< News of the Week and
<=< MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
o< ORIGINAL FEATURES.
» | IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
caC PAPER ON THE
cJ PACIFIC COAST
qJ Always Republican but Always
CN I Fair and Impartial in Its
0 Rendering of the Po-
-0 litical News.
3 It's the Paper to Send East If
o/ You Want to Advertise
cJ California. -
rJ ~ S_ /T '
°\ The ; Best \ / Mining :
oc Telegraphic \/ News That
©/ Service on sS. .' Accurate
J The Coast / \& up to date
2/ v .
P\ Not a Line of it Sensational
•°J or Faky, and Not a Line of
°\' it Dry or Uninteresting.
■*3 A PAPER FOR THE COUNTRY FIRESIDE.
J Bright, Clean, j A Champion of
OC Thoughtful. . Truth.
» i p.. I u__y
3 A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER ..;':•
Jj.-. ALL THE TIME. V
.^1 IT ADVOCATES 1 SENT BY
©< HOME - MAIL, $1.50
cJ INDUSTRIES I A YEAR.
o{ THE CALL SPEAKS FOR AIL
56
®fee «_,,, oTall
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
Pally and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier.. $0.18
Dally and Sunday Call, one year, by ma 11 . .. 6.00
Dally and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 3.00
Pally and Sunday Call, three months by mail 1.50
Pally and Sunday Call, one month, by mail.. .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mail 1-60
v. _i.XLv Call, one year, by mall a-M
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone Main— lß6s
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay Street.
Telephone Main— ll74
BRANCH OFFICES
627 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open nntfl
9:30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street; open nntll 9:30 o'clock.
616 1 arkln street: open un - 9:80 o'clock.
BW. corn-r sixteen- and Mission streets; open
• lull 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street open until 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth street; open until 9 o'clock.
1305 Polk street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICB:
908 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICB:
Rooms Cl end 32, 3. Park Row, Xew York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Eastern Manager.
c . "
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
t ■
TUESDAY FEBRUARY 23. 1897
During the week ending Sat-
urday last THE CALL published
4SOO inches
of advertisements, which is
492 inches more
than was published by any other
San Francisco newspaper during
the same time.
Once more our climate resume, itself.
It was a glorious anniversary and a glo
rious day for it.
It looks as if the spirit of Washington
bas a pull on the weather bureau of the
upper world.
»
If Crete ever had any idea of getting up
» water carnival with a warship regatta,
now is her time.
Perhaps the European concert thinks it
is coercing Turkey, but it doesn't appear
so from this distance.
The warships of the powers have turnsd
loose at last, but they picked out tho
smallest foe they could find.
If Governor Budd will hit the sociologi
cal expert bill with tbe veto ax, he will
corner a favor on San Francisco.
Affairs in the Levant can be best ex
plained at this time by the theory that
the. Sultan has hypnotized Europe.
A man has arisen to local eminence in
Kansas who bears the name of Tinshirt,
and it would seem that his bosom ought
to be safe against the shafts of criticism.
a .1. p. * j]
The San Diego water carnival was bril
liant enough to afford some show of rea
son for the people of the city to boast that
their bay yesterday was the brightest spot
on earth.
Tahiti follows Cuba, Crete and the
Philippines in striking for liberty and the
peace of the continents of the world is
being everywhere disturbed by the turbu
lent islands.
Democratic prophecies of a Republican
faction fight in Ohio nave gone glimmer
ing. Governor Bushnell will appoint
Mark Hanna to the Senate and every
thing is lovely.
. From the way legislators, both at Wash
ington and Sacramento, aro rolling up the
appropriations it is evident they are san
guine that prosperity is coming and tax
paying will be easy. "■ VV'
»
The patriotic celebrations, in this City
yesterday were both numerous and ex
cellent and it may well be doubted
whether any other city in the Union more
worthily observed the day.
Newark, N. J., is the latest city which
has the .••greater" fever. She wishes to
annex suburbs enough to make a city of
500,000 inhabitants, so she can call herself
a metropolis and make faces at Boston.
The proposal to remove the State Fair
from S , cramento to Oakland has added
to the liveliness if not the gayety of tbe
Legislature, aud if the movement is
pushed there will be fun and a fracas
ahead.
The physicians of the Czar of Russia
have ordered him to quit smoking, and if
he were not the most benevolent despot in
the world he would at once issue a ukase
and compel everybody 'else in Russia to
quit also.
. The acceptance of the office of president
of Washington and Lee University by
Postmaster-General Wilson lakes that
eminent free-trader out of 'politics and
places him in a congenial position without
hurting politics in the least.
The House Committee on Weights and
Coinage has unanimously reported a bill
favoring an international monetary con
ference and the chances of its passage are
good. This may make the gold bugs
buzz, but the people will be pleased.
It is reported that cars are now painted
with colors forced by compressed air
through a sma.l hose, and the work is so
rapid a car c_"n be painted in tbiriy-five
minutes. By the next step in art a man
will.be able to get his portrait painted by
a .quirt gun in thirty second!*.
One of the minor scandals, at Washing
ton is the discovery of the fact that many
important documents have been stolen
from the Congressional Library. The
thieyes have not yet been found and Con
gress is now looking askance at the lobby,
while the lobby is glaring at Congress.
The surest way to avoid being involved
in a war with Spain over the treatment of
Americans in Cuba will be to take active
steps toward bringing the war to a close.
If it continues much longer, something
will certainly be done by the angry Span
iards which will force us to fight' in spite
of ourselves.
The New York Sun states that some of
the richest men in that city are utterly
unknown to the general public even by
name, as they take care to avoid anything
which would render them conspicuous or
get their names in tho paper..: Among,
these is a young bachelor who is heir to
more than 520,000,000. It is a rather rich
city where such Wealth is unnoted. -
HANNA FOR THE SENATE.
The announcement made by Governor Busbnell of Onio that he would at the
proper time appoint Marcus A. Hanna to succeed Senator Sherman as Senator from
Ohio is gratifying in a double respect. In the first place it assures the accession in
the Senate of one of the strongest and ablest men in the country to the Republican
side, and in the second place it makes evident that the Republican party will work in
harmony during the coming administration.
E«*ch of these ings is in itself notable and will give satisfaction to the people.
Though he has had no long political experience, and none at all in office, Mark Hanna
has shown himself by his conduct of the McKinley campaign during the last year to
be one of the most successful managers of men in the Union. He entered the contest
as the captain of the McKinley forces, and though for a time he was opposed by such
able leaders as Speaker Re d, Piatt of New York, Quay of Pennsylvania and Clarkxon
of lowa, he successfully accomplished the task which he had undertaken, of attaining
the nomination of McKinley for the office of President by the Republican National
Convention, on the first ballot. He did this, moreover, without creating any hostility
or personal antagonism in th? minds of any of his opponents, and won his victory in
a way which made it a genuine triumph of judicious party management.
Having been chosen to conduct ibe Republican campaign during tbe canvass
which followed Mr. Hanna showed himself to be as Ecod a general in the broader flald
of an appeal to the whole people as he bad been in supporting the cause of his candi
date in the ranks of the Republican party. There can b/j no question that the cam
paign of 1896 on the Republican side was tbe best organized and most vigorously
conducted canvass known to our history. The results of the election attested the
efficiency of the party organization as well as the statesmanlike judgment shown in
selecting the tactics to be used during tbe canvass, and the arguments by which the
great measures advocated by the Republican party were upheld and sustained in the
discussions which followed in the press and from the stump.
During the course of the campaign Mr. Hanna was more bitterly assailed than
any other man who took part in it. He was caricatured with a grossness that in the
Examiner once or twice descended to absolute obscenity and indecency. He was re
viled and maligned in a thousand ways. Nevertheless through the whole course of
the fight he did not once turn aside to consider his personal interest in it or to make
any defense of himself against bis assailants. All his thoughts and all his energies
were devoted lo the one object of achieving an overwhelming victory for the Republi
can candidates. How completely he succeeded is now well known. The Democratic
and Populist fusion was absolutely routed, and the Republican candidates for the
Presidency and Vice- Presidency were elected by the most overwhelming vote in onr
history with the exception of that by which General Grant defeated Greeley.
The accession of such a man to the United States Senate is an important event not
only to the Republican parly, but to the country. We need just such men as be to
take- part in the great councils of the Nation and assist in shaping legislation for the
public welfare. Over and above the value of his selection to the office, however, there
is a further gratification in the fact that bis appointment means an end to what
threatened to be a Republican faction fight in Ohio.
It has been so often predicted by the Democrats that Senator Foraker and Gov
ernor Bushnell would oppose the McKinley wing of the Republican party that a con
siderable number of people began to believe there was some truth in the story, aud
that the administration would be weakened by antagonism among Republicans
in the Senate. This fear is now happily dispelled. There will be no stronger sup
porter of tbe administration in the Senate than Mr. Hanna, and the fact that he is to
be appointed by Governor Bushnell, who is known to be the firm friend of Senator
Foraker, gives assurance that the McKinley administration will be uniformly sup
ported in all its great measures for the welfare oi the people.
We had occasion a short time ago to call attention to an address made by Senator
elect Piatt of New York, in which that gentleman stated in the clearest and most
emphatic terms that he would support the McKinley administration with a genuine
loyalty. Tbat speech disposed of the Democratic charges that any portion of the
Republicans of New York would be hostile to the incoming administration. The
announcement now made by Governor Bushnell ends tbe stories of a faction fight in
Ohio. The outlook for a successful administration is therefore promising in every
respect. There is not this time a sign or symptom of discord in the Republican party.
We are to have a business administration conducted by men who know the needs of
the country, and who will promptly support every measure designed to remedy exist
ing evils and speed the coming of prosperity.
SWING THE VETO.
It is gratifying to note that public
opinion amply sustains The Call in de
nouncing the bill providing for the ap-
poin.ment in this City of a specialist in
sociological education. It is, indeed, a
subject on which there should be a perfect
accord among all who are interested in
education, in economy and in opposing
everything in the nature of a job to make
a place for some person at the expense of
the taxpayers.
We denounced the bill some days ago
when it had been adopted by the Senate.
Since then it has been passed by the As
sembly and is now in the hands of the
Governor. It should be vetoed at once.
San Francisco has no need whatever of
such an official and the taxpayers can ill
afford to pay his salary and costs of his
offlce. Money devoted to such a purpose
would be literally worse than thrown
away, for it would fasten upon the City
an official who would not only draw from
the treasury a large sum of money this
year but an equally large, if not a larger,
sum for years to" come. *
It is something of a surprise that such a
bill should have succeeded in passing both
houses of the Legislature. Theie is noth
ing in the nature of the measure itself to
recommend it. It has never been advo
cated by any considerable numb of peo
ple in this City. On the other hand, as
soon as attention was called to it it has
been denounced by those who have the
best means of knowing the needs of our
educational system. It seems on the face
of it to be a job of the worst description
and the people confidently count upon
the Governor to veto it.
THE RUIZ CASE
If we had any other President than
Grover Cleveland, or possibly if Cleve
land's term of office were not so soon to
close, it is probable tbe Ruiz case would
bring our relations with Spain and Cuba
to a crisis which would compel some
prompt and definite action within a com
paratively few days. From all reports
that are given out the case seems to have
been one of gross outrage, which fully
justifies the United States in demanding
speedy redress, from the Spanish Govern
ment. ___m\
It is asserted that Consul-General Lee
never at any time believed the story that Dr.
Ruiz had committed suicide in a Spanish
prison,* and that having compelled the
Spaniards to disinter the body for a post
mortem examination, evidence was found
which fully confirmed his suspicions. Act
ing upon this General Lee is reported to
have cabled Secretary Olney declaring that
the administration must uphold him in
his demand for the instant release of all
Americans imprisoned by the Spanish au
thorities in Cuba as political suspects or
that they be speedily given trials in open
court. It is further asserted that the Con
sul-General has notified tbe Secretary of
State that unless be is supported in these
demands he will resign.
It is not always certain that the papers
which pass between the Consul-General
and the State Department are fully re
ported or accurately digested. Some cau
tion has to be observed in basing conclu
sions upon such reports. It would seem,
however, in this case that the affair is so
simple in its nature and at the same time
so important there is hardly room for
any great mistake to be made. It is fair to
assume therefore that the Government at
Washington has taken decided steps to
protect Americans in Cuba and that Dr.
Ruiz by his death will have so aroused the
administration mat other Americans in
Cuba will either be secured in their lives
and their property or else we will be nearer
to a war with Spain than has seemed prob
able for some time past.
Tbe intensity of tne crisis will have its
influence upon the Cuban movement in
this City. It will afford a . reason why
prompt action should be taken here and,
indeed, throughout the United States.
There are many Americans in Cuba who
are now in dancer of the same (ate which
befell Dr. Ruiz, and the Government at
Washington should be supported by the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1897.
sentiment of a united people in demand
ing of the Spanish Government either
their immediate relea-e or a prompt and
fair trial.
SAN JOAQOIN EDITOES.
The action of the newspaper editors of
the San Joaquin Valley in organizing a
pre-a association is a good step in the direc
tion of many reforms. It offers a means
of uniting the power of the press in that
valley and thus enabling the editors toco
operate and work more effectively toward
accomplishing every undertaking which in
their judgment is designed to advance
either the Interests of the press itself or
the whole valley.
The work which has been accomplished
by the press association of the Sacramento
Valley shows what can be done by such or
ganizations in all important sections of
the Stale. Thar* can be little question but
what the new association just lormed at
Fresno will prove itself a most potent aid
in developing the San Joaquin Valley, in
advancing every reform and improvement
which is needed there, and in making
known its manifold resources to all who
are seeking homes or a place for the in
vestment of capital.
The newly formed association contains in
its membership some of the brightest minds
and most energetic managers anion, the
newspaper men of the State. The officers
elected for the first year are notable men.
C. D. Radcliffe of the Merced Sun, John
W. Short of the Fresno Republican and W.
W. Barnes of the Han ord Democrat, who
hold respectively the offices of president,
vice-president and secretary, are men who
can bo counted on to fulfill all the respon
sible duties of their position and to make
the first year's work of the association a
good and broad foundation on which to
build for the future.
We have had many occasions of late to
congratulate tne San Joaquin Valley.
Ever since the beginning of the work of
constructing the competing railroad
through that section there have been evi
dences of a determination on the part of
the people to profit by the new oppor
tunities which the competing road will
afford them. Enterprise has followed en
terprise, and from one end of the great
valley to the other there has ben mani
fest a vigorous activity among all classes
of citizens. The organization of the edit
ors of the valley into an association will
tend to promote all of these new under
takings, and this, therefore, is another
movement on Which people of the valley
may be rightly congratulated.
SHE !iELE-TED GAGE.
New York Mail and Express.
Lyman J. Gage, gentleman, philanthropist,
who is to be the next Secretary of * the Treas
ury, has stamped indelibly on his features the
benevolence which is a prominent trait in his
character. Ever since Mr. Gage was ln a finan
cial position where he could give, and give
generously, the recording angel has been kept
busy recording the good deeds of which even
those nearest and dearest to him often know
nothing. A little anecdote will serve as an
illustration of how his character has marked
his face. One .veninit during the year pre
vious io tbe Wortd's Fair, of which Mr. Gage
was first president and always a director, a so
cial party was assembled at the home of a
minor official of the fair. For the entertain
ment of the guests the dining-room table was
turned into a photograph gallery, on which
were displayed thirty or forty pictures of
prominent men connected with the different
departments. A woman from the East who
was present and who was familiar with only a
few of the faces, was asked to select the photo
graph which she thought represented the no
blest and truest character among them. She
chose that of Lyman J. Gage.
HOW 10 ReACH iHE POLE
; At a recent public dinner Lieutenant Peary
said that a man standing over the north pole
would have but one point to his compass, and
that would be south. Time would be un
known to him. He would know no night or
day. Experiences of Nansen and himself dur
ing the last three years, he said, had shown
that the Ideal part * to discover the pole must
consist of only two or three persons. The old
Idea of a larpe party must be abandoned. By
mc dern methods the pole could be reached
without any of the horrors of tne Franklin
and Greely expeditions. He considered that
the man who makes the discovery will rank
with Colambu*. The question as to what good
* would be to .uCh a man ta discover the pole
would be like asking what good was the
wreath at the Olympian games.* It would be a
tribute to endurance, eneigv, persistence, the
conquerinj of- obstacles. It would be the
peerless prize of the day end should go to an
American. It had become possible with all
the recent light on the subject, he said, for
him to advise and propose within the last
month a practical pl«n to gel there. There
were only 260 miles beyond th» highest point
already reached to be travers<d. He thought
the only way to reach the pole would be to fol
low up Greenland, as it reaches t-ward the
pile. A certain tribe of Equimaux there
could be relied upon to lurnlsh assistance. , A
fund of $150,000 would keep such a small
I any a* he advised for ten years working
away, Under the arrangement be pro; osed,
he said, to reach the pole would be "entirely
practical."
t-HR-tUN.-.L'
Senator H. T. Power is at the Grand.
S. W. Kimball of Roseburg, Or., is in town.
R. H. Solomon of Monterey is at the Grand.
Captain J. W. Bryant of Seattle is on a visit
bore.
Senator Thomas Flint of San Juan ia in the
City.
Tne Rev. C. Ben Ham of Napa is at the Occi
dental.
William B. Filter of Grass Valley is at the
Palace. ."7
Harold 8. Charming, a merchant of Pasadena,
is in town.
J. H. Page, a leading fruit-dealer of Petalu
ma, is here.
G. W. Drysdale of Crescent City ls here on a
business trip.
Mrs. Zena Cannon and children of Salt Lake
are at the Russ.
D. D. Oliphant, a wealthy resident of Port
land, is iv the City.
William c. Amos, a wholesale druggist of
Chicago, is at the Palace.
Ex-Mayor A. J. Pedlar of Fresno, now a State
Senator, is at the Grand.
5. L. Moreland of Butte, Mont; is among the
latest arrivals at the Lick.
W. E. Chess, a business man of Dcs Moines,
lowa, ls at the Occidental.
Perclval Moore, a wealthy resident of Louis
ville, Ky., is at tho Palace.
W. H. James ot Fort Apache, Ariz.,' is among
the late arrivals in the City.
J. C. Adams and wife of Santa Cruz are stay
ing at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
M. Simm, a general store owner of Hanford,
is among the arrivals at the Lick.
Superior Judge W. M. Conley of Madera
County is here for a few days' stay.
R. H. Garratt. a wealthy tobacco-grower of
New Orleans, arrived here yesterday.
J. H. Johnson, a well-to-do business man of
Livingston, Mont., arrived here last night.
Reginald Petre, a mining man who lives
much of the time in Baltimore, is in the City.
E. Williams and J. V. Moran, of ValVejo, are
in the City and staying at the Cosmopolitan
Hotel.
G. C. Warrington, a young business man of
Kansas City, Mo., is registered at the Cosmo
politan.
Frank Coombs, a business man of Great
Falls, Mont., arrived here yesterday. and is at
the Grand.
J. A. Munroe, one of the lea-ling officials of
the Union Pacific Railroad, Omaha, arrived
here yesterday.
Thomas Blythe and Charles R. Blythe, busi
ness men of Evanston, Wyo., are among the
arrivals at the Palace.
J. A. Smith, a prominent business man of
Benicla, is in the City and accompanied by
his wife. They are at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
W. J. Walters, the architect connected with
the Palace Hotel, has returned here after en
joying a vacation at his old home in Birming
ham, England.
J. N. Gillis, the mine-owner, of . Jackass Hill,
who has lived and mined there and at other
pieces in the vicinity of Table Mountain
for some forty years, arrived here last night
He has come down on a brief vacation.
James Shields of Anaconda. Mont., a broth
er-in-law of Marcus Daly, »he bonanza king,
and who has long been prominent in politics
In Montana, Is in the City, accompanied by
James E. Shields, his son. Mr. Shields ls an
expert miner and has been on a visit to Carter
Creek. Aria., to examine the Robert Groom
property which has developed handsomely
during the past few months. There are five
claims in the property. It was once owned by
William Wilson of this City.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
"The Romans," said the teacher, "were good
at bridge-building."
••I should say they were," murmured the
bad boy on the back seat. "Look at her
noeel"— Washington Times.
"I wonder." said the young man, "whether
there is much money to be made by writing
novels?" £tf9J
"Some, ■perhaps," replied the professional'
amanuensis, "but not so much as by type
writing them."— Washington Star.
"Do you pray for your dear teacher often
Tommy?'' asked the visitor to the school.
"Yes, thlr," replied Tommy the Truthful;
"whenever thee whipth me I pray tor the devil
to git her!"— Cincinnati Tribune.
A woman was arrested in Brooklyn tbe other
day for wearing out a bed slat on her oldest
son. She was very much surprised, and told
the magistrate that she had no idea that it
was a violation of the law for a woman to
"bang her Tammany Times.
She— l understand that Miss -Crochet played
on the piano at th-> reception last night. Did
they appear, to enjoy her performance ?
He — immensely 1 It was the most enjoy
able time o." the whole evening. Everybody
was talking away as if tbey would split their
throats.— Boston Transcript.
"Our new neighbors are very polite," said
Mrs. Perkaste to her husband when he came
home at night. .
"Are they?"
"Yes; I sent to boirow their stepladder, and
they told me they hadn't one, but if I'd wait
awhile they'd send out and buy one."—Har
per's Bazar.
"You cannot say that I encouraged you,"
she said, after rejecting him.
"No, Miss Flirt," he replied sarcastically';
"you never actually told me that you wished
me to marry you."— North American.
PARAGRAPHS A- OUT .PEOPLE
William Waldorf Astor owns 4000 bouses in
New York City, and has an Income of more
than $6,000,000 a year.
It is said that Dr. Dansen, the Norwegian
explorer, la much annoyed when he sees him
self referred to as a Swede.
Mrs. Lucinda Perm Fisher, a direct descend
ant of William Perm, is living in Buffalo, and
at the age of 80 is dependent upon charity for
her support.
Miss Frances E. Willard has had a memorial
tablet placed ln the old church at Horsmon
den, Kent, England, in honor of her ancestor,
Simon Willard, who founded ln 1635 the town
of Concord, Mass.
The Queen of Portugal perseveres in her
medical vocation. She goes regularly to the
dispensary for children that she founded. On
arriving she dons a nurse's uniform and pro
ceeds to work. The managers are the Daugh
ters of St. Catherine of Sienna.
Mrs. Althea Brlggs-Stryxer, who is coming
to be looked upon In Kansas as Mrs. Lease's
most formidable rival, is a quiet but persist
ent young woman of 40, with a soft voice and
a pleasing presence. She Is the wife of the
State Superintendent of Education.
Jules Verne is at present busy in the execu
tion of a plan to publish a series of stories
bearing on different countries. Unlike many
author., be thinks of the 'plot last, letting it
for-, in his mind as he reads up geographical,
historical and other books of scientific nature
on the part of the world he ls going to treat.
It is designed in restoring the old home of
John and Abigail Adams. at Quincy, Mass., to
preserve for future generations a good exam
ple of the New England cottage of ' the last
century. The house is a little less than 200
'years old, and ln it more than a century ago
John Adams and his bride began their house
keeping. John Quincy Adams was born there
in 1767. •
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
Ex-Consul-General W. D. Tillotson of Japan,
who was appointed from Tacoma early in
1891, and served four or five years thereafter,
during which he tried the famous Heathering
ton case, is at the Grand. He returned to the
coast from Japan over a year ago and located
at Redding, where he is engaged in practicing
law. «_. 1: . v ... -. ~_,
General Tillotson says many things are
under way In and about Redding to make
that section very prosperous. There is an un
usual amount ot work going on in the mines.
"Shasta County promises soon to become one
of the liveliest mining counties 0:1 the coast,"
he said. "For several years times have been
dull there owing to the shutting down of the
placer mines. Mow, however, people are turn
ing their attention to tne development of the
vast deposits oi low grade and base ore lying
EX.CONSUL-GENERAL W. D. TILLOTSON of Japan, Now of Redding, Who Tells
of the Development of Shasta County Mines.
[Sketched from life by a "Call" artist.
within that district, and so far the results arc
all that could be desired.
"Foremost among Shasta County's entert
prises at the present time is the plant of the
Mountain Copper Company. Limited, an Eng
lish syndicate of very large capital, located at
Keswick, seven miles northwest of Redding.
This company is working the celebrated Iron
Mountain mine and it is already treating 500
tons of ore each day, and I understand that it
is intended to increase the capacity in the
near future to 1400 tonaper day.
"The ore is brought from the mine to Kes
wick over the company's own railroad and
treated in roasters before being passed through
the furnaces. About 500 men are employed
by this company, which number is being added
to dally. . >7. :iiii/cy. ;, <
. "A furnace has been erected by Mr. Enright
at the After the Right mine, which is said to
be a success, and it is announced that work
will be resumed on that property early in the
spring. ;|k'VvC
"There are quite a number of large properties
near Redding undeveloped as yet, that will,
from all appearances, bring a rich reward to
the capitalists fortunate enough to secure
them.
"At this time there is apparently but one
condition retarding the development of Shasta
County, and that is the tendency on the part
of owners of the large low-grade properties to
hold them at too high a price. They do not
seem to realize the enormous capital required
to properly develop them, and that they must
give the man of capital a chance to share the
profits or their properties will lie idle until
they themselves have passed off the stage of
life.
"Some, however, are beginning to look at
the matter ln the proper light, and are in
clined to take a little now, rather than to
wait until too late to do them any good, and
the prospects indicate that in tho near future
Shasta County will be known as the land of
smelters. JjJt.J
"since the establishment of the smelter at
Keswick many small quartz ledges are being
developed where the ore is of a quality to
make it valuable for flux, which ls another
element tending to enliven the mining busi
ness of that county, and through the market
furnished by the smelter for fluxing . ores
many men are enabled to work claims which
otherwise would lie idle.
"It seems to me that the prospects for the
entire State are of the brightest hue. Tne
weather conditions presage an abundant har
vest and we have reason to believe that prices
will be better than for come years, and with
the great mining activity I see no reason why
the State should not advance all along the
line." ' " " -';--.*.;«y.V
PUN. 1 URED.
The preacher spoke of little things,
Their Influence and power.
And how ie little pitted speck
Made all the apple sour.
He told how great big sturdy oaks
From little acorns grew [
And iow the tiny little stone
The burly giant slew.
Bnt the cyclist sat there unimpressed
By a 1 the speaker's fire.
Unti he went outside and found
A pin bad pierced his lire.
. — Wllkesb*rre News Dealer.
Letters From the People.
QUIT TALKING SILVER.
Be Hare a Xational Flag and Want a
Money Like It.
To the Editor of the San Francisco Call— -Sir:
Let me celebrate Washington's, birthday by
writing The Call a letter on a National money.
Men who are free to think, because ' unbiased
by personal interests or political prejudices,
are rapidly reaching common ground on the
money question, and scientific money Is this
common ground. Like Government bonds, It
will be based upon the entire resources of the
country, including gold and silver, as well as
houses and lands, horses and cattle, and all
products of Industry, with the additional
value of all the valor and patriotism of ihe
Nation, backed by the army and navy, upheld
in honor and authority Just as our National
flag. It will not be a dependent promise to
pay, but an abs lute money, receivable for all
dues and debts, both public and private, and
will be the only full legal tender. All other
forms of paper currency to be abolished, j bold
and silver will be limited legal der, tut
may be redeemed iv the National paper
money. A fluctuating part will then no longer
be by law greater than the staple whole.
National credit, now used ln th. form of
bonds for the benefit of , men who deal in
money as bankers and capitalists, will take
tbe place of banker.' credit -ased upon a few
National bends, for National credit will be
based upon * all property, Including the
bankers' own capital. Checks and drafts will
be used as now, but they will be In tho (orm of
postal orders for any sum. issued as bank
cheeks and drafts now are. for then the
bankers will not control the Government
postal money-order department, as they now
do, to limit the amount to be transmitted and
to render it as Inconvenient and expensive as
possible. In fact, postal orders may then be
Issued payable t.i bearer, and they may circu
late as fractional currency at tbe option of the
holder.
This scientific National money will settle
the "silver agitation" and the gold standard,
too. In time, both metals will practically go
out of use as money. Gold will at once* take
its place beside silver as a form of token
money, and will cease to vex the Nation and
oppress the industries of the country. Most
men now know that outside of California gola
Is seldom used in business transactions,
checks end paper money being almost
exclusively " employed. Even in settling
foreign balances of trade, that is. the differ
ences in the exchange of products, crude or
manufactured, gold is not now used as money,
but as a commodity, and it Is thus used only to
a limited extent, "bills of exchange serving
the purpose better than go.d. Scientific
National money will not disturb or check this
foreign trad *.
A scientific National paper money would not
appreciate as gold or depreciate as silver, but
would remain as stable and free from fluctua
tion as the Government iiselt, with its wealth
and resources. This money, like the stars and
stripes, would become a symbol of the Nation's
sovereignty, dignity, honor, authority,
prowess and power. It would be regulated as
the National revenues are now adjusted to the
needs of the country. Panics would never oc-
cur. Contraction would not be tolerated. Ex
pansion would be limited to the actual re
quirements of business
Under a rational financial system, such a
here proposed, inflation is impossible beyond
the absolute needs of trade and industry.
People are strangely fooled by the cry of infla
tion. It :s raised by one small class of men—
indeed, a very small class— the men who deal
in money as a business, but mainly as money
lenders. True, it is sadly true," this small
class of men now own and control nearly all
the great newspapers and magazines, as every
body knows, and they can ins-antlv raise a
clamor from Maine to California over
inflation, which immediately alarms the
fool people, and more especially the
budness men, as they modestly call" them
selves, who claim to understand the laws of
finance because they buy the ducts of other
men's industry as cheap as they can, and sell
them to consumers as deir as they can, and so
a.c "business men"; whereas they ought to
know that, with the adoption of a scientific
National money, business would never be dis
turbed as now by inflation or contraction at
the will of money-dealers, but would always
he elastic and respond at once in a rational
and natural manner to the demands of trade
and industry, as less or more money may be
needed. Inflation Is a bankers' raw-head and
bloody-bones with which they scare financial
ignorance. -*'. 7.'
States, counties and municipalities may ob
tain this National money from the Govern
ment on their bonds without interest for a
term of twenty-five years for public improve
ments and utilities, 4 per cent of the loan to
be repaid to the Government annually and
canceled; provided, tbat the bonds so issued
by Slates, counties and municipalities shall
not exceed 25 per centum of the assessed
value of property within said States, counties
and municipalities. That will close up and
end the business of the usurer, the most dan
gerous foe to human progress.
Joseph Asbpry Johnson.
San Francisco, Feb. 22, 1897.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
When Aluminum Melts— E. G. S., Livermore,
Cal. Aluminum melts at red heat.
Postal. Appropriation Bill— M., City. Up
to the lOtn inst. the postal appropriation bill
had not been passed by Congress.
Spain— N., City. If Spain assisted the
United States during the Revolutionary War
historians do not make any mention of it.
Charles de Young— G. W. M.. Jamestown,
Cal. Charles de Young was shot and killed
by I. M. Kalloch ia San Francisco April 23
1880. 1,..;-.
Back Dates— S. R., Evergreen, Santa Clara
County, Cal. The 17th of January, 1857, fell
on a Saturday, and the 4th of Match, 1859, fell
on a Friday. -
Inheritance Tax— Subscriber, City. The in
heritance tax in New York by a law passed in
1892 is 1 per cent on clear value on property
in excess of $10,000. y *
To A Theater— X. J. G., City. A young lady
may accept the invitation of a gentleman to
take her to a theater without the same being
considered more than a mere act of friendship.
Wheeley— E. G S. , Livermore, Cal. Neither
map, gaz.tteer, nor book of reference sets
forth that there is a town by the name ol
Wheeley, Whelley or Wheley in the county of
Essex, England.
A Nickel— G. S., Livermore, Cal. The in
trinsic value of a nickel 5-cent piece depends
on the value of copper and nickel. The coin
contains 57.87 grains of copper and 19.29
grains of nickel, equal to 77. 1tt full weight in
Nicknames of States— E. N. M., Palermo,
Butte County. Cal. None of the books of refer
ence make any mention of nicknames having
been applied to the following-named States:
North Dakota, South Dakota, Montana, Wy
oming, Idaho, Washington and Utah.
Shebeening — L., City. "Shebeening" is an
English localism used to designate the crime
of selling liquor without a license. It is de
lived from "shebeen," a term used In Ireland
and Scotland to designate an unaccused
bouse in which excisable liquor is sold ille
gally.
Owners op Steamers— 8. T. C, City. The
steamers Alameda, Australia, Mariposa and
Zealandia are not owned by an English syndi
cate. They arc the property of the Oceanic
Company, the majority of the stock is held in
this City and Spr.ckels & Brothers are the
agents of the company.
Civil Service Examinations— W. H. g., City.
When civil service examinations are to be
held in San Francisco due notice will be given
by the commission through The Call and
other papers, and applicants will, niter tne
appearance of the notice, have plenty of time
to obtain papers and instructions.
A Play— E. L., Sacrameuto, Cal. If you have
written a play ''and would like to d» some
thing with It," submit it to a critic, who will
tell you if it has sufficient merit to offer it to a
theatrical manager. II It is meritorious you
can then put it in the hands of a manager who
will tel you if it is of sufficient interest to
place it before the public.
Sonoma and Napa— F. C. City. The climate
of Yolo County, as a rule, is colder in winter
than it is In Napa County. The distance by
wagon road from Napa City to St. Helena is a
little over eighteen miles. There is a road from
Napa City running west and leading into So
noma County. It passes through ElVerano,
Glen Eilen and runs to Santa Rosa.
McKinley's Vote— F. 8., City. The official
vote for President and Vice-President declared
on February 10 does not alter the vole as pre
vious. announced. The vote of California
and of' Kentucky was divided, but by the rule
of majority McKinley carried those two States.
These added to the twenty-one other States he
carried gives him twenty-three States.
German Naval Ordnance— Mechanic, City.
The caliber of the new Krnpp steel guns of the
German navy is: 12.01, 11.02, 10 33. 9.45
9.37, 8.24,. 6.80, - 5.87, 4.92, 3 96, 3 43.3.1%
2.36. The armament of the Aegir, the eight
oi the series of coast-guard ironclads launches
at Kiel in the latter part oi last year, has ah
armament of breech-loading 9% Krupp guns,
10% quick-firing guns, small quick-firing guns
aua torpedo-tubes.
The Presidency— X. M. , J., . City. The ques
tion "Is the son of an envoy of the United
States, born in a foreign country while his
father was in that foreign country in the ser
vice of the country he represented, eligible to
the Presidency of the United States?" is a
question tbat cannot be answered for the rea
son that no legal construction has ever been
putupon the following words of the constiu..
tjon of the United States: "No person except
a natural born citizen." etc. It Is contended
that a son, as the one described In the ques
tion being a citizen of the United State, he is
a "natural born citizen," while there a:,.
others who hold that "natural born" citizen
means a person born on the soil of the United
States.
A Stamp Cut in Two— Philatelist. City. If
the story following, which you inclosed as a
clipping from the New York Tribune of the
23d of last January, is true, it simply shows
that some one in the postal department in the
city of New York was negligent as to his du
ties, for the stamp was mutilated, and Uncle
Sam will not recognize such mutilation:
At a business office in this city tne other day a
five-cent a. amp was needed for a certain purpose,
It was not forthcoming, and one of the clerks sug
gested tbat a ten-cent stamp cut in two would
answer the purpose. His suggestion waalaoghel
at. but he .tuck to his assertion, and it was finally*
agreed to put. the matter to ihe test. Accordingly
two envelopes were addressed to one of ih<> voud?
men. A two-cent stamp was cut ln two Hugo: -
ally and a half was affixed to each letter. The
letters were left unsealed and contained to writ
ins-, in which condition a one-cent stamp a sum.
cient to carry them to their dcs ination. Tbey
were mailed and we c promptly delivered to the
young man to whom they were tressed.
The flap of one had been folded outside, and this
was marked -'One cent due"; but the fact thai it
was unsealed had evidently been discovered alter.
ward, for the cent was not collected.
Progressive Halma— M. • F., City. The
game of halma is played on a checker-boi>-<\
of 256 squares. Two or four persons can P*'*?t
the social game and one may 'enjoy the soll
taires. In each corner of the board a yard or
thirteen squares is inclosed by a dotted red
line. These yards are used when four persons
play, ln two corners a heavy red line incloses
six additional squares, forming yards of nine
teen squares each, to be used when but two
persons play. In progressive halma tables
are numbered and sides are chosen as in pro
gressive euchre, but Instead of all waiting for
the head table to finish the game the players
at all the tables have an equal chance. In th_
four corners of the progressive nalma board a
yard of ten golden squares is marked off. The
corners of the board are lettered, A and Al are
partners and B and Bl are their opponents.
Ten men are used by each player, and the
object is for the player to transfer his or her
men into the opposite yard. The player who
first wins the game at any table blows a
whistle, when play instantly stops at all the
tables. The winner with his or her partner
then advances to the next table, when all
must change partners. The side which is
ahead at other tables also progresses. Prizes
are awarded for progression instead of remain
ing at the head of table as in progressive
euchre.
CHRISTIAN MINISTERS.
Doleful Report by Dr. Gray of the Gait
Outlook. O/V
The Christian Ministers' Clnb met as
usual yesterday morning in the Y. M. C.
A. building. Rev. Dr. Gray, who has just
returned from Gait, spoke oi his work
there. He said all the denominations
were moribund except tie Congregational
ists, and they were dead.
Rev. Matthew Small of Woodland spoke
on "Christian Unity," and incidentally re
marked on the theatrical display of some
of the Christian ministers who called on
the newspapers to advertise them. He
said that the news in the newspapers
was unevenly balanced, as whole pages
were given to prize-fighting, and several
sermons were crowded into one column.
"Of course, the most stirring news must
be given due ptominence," he said, "but
if tbey would only devote one month to
reporting the good work that the Chris
tian people of the world do it would do .
much good." < =■: ■•:?-*;■;> *■ _i
— • ■» — • W
Extra fine salted Jordan almonds.Townsend's* *
First Spanish officer— General Weyler
distinguish himself in the battle
Second Spanish officer— Oh, he was out of
sight.— Brooklyn Life. -S^gf.
Special Information dally to manufacturer*,
business bouses and public men by the Preu
Clipping Bureau .(Allen's), 510 Montgomery.*
The famous Kelmscott Press at Hammer
smith, on which the late William Morris ex
pended such constant care and personal at
tention, is about to be closed, no one having
been found to carry on his work. When the
few books now in hand are worked off no
more will be executed.
Excursion Rates to Washington.
For the benefit of those desiring to witness the
Inauguration of the next President of. the United
States the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad will sell
excursion tickets at one fare for the round trip
from ail points on Its lines in Ohio, Indiana and
Illinois. Tickets will be sold March 1. 2 and 3,
valid lor return until March 8. Similar tickets
via B. and O. K. K. will be sold by all the railroads
throughout the West. In addition to being the
shortest and most direct line to Washington the
B. and O. passes through a region of greater seen
magnificence and historic interest than any ln all
America. Passengers also have tbe option of trav
eling via Akron and Pittsburg or via Bellalre and
Grafton either going or returning. The through
trains of the B. and O. are vestibuled throughout,
equipped with Pullman sleepers and the dining
car service Is unsurpassed. Information in detail
will be cheerfully furnished upon application by
L. & Allen, assistant general passenger agent, ___,
and O. P. A., Grand Central station, Chicago.
"The Overland Limited "—Only Three
and a Half Days to Chicago.
\ The Union Pacific ls the only line running Pull
man double drawing-room and tourist sleeper*
and dining-cars, ban Francisco to Chicago dally
without change. Buffet, smoking and library cars,
Ogden to Chicago. Tickets and sleeping-car reser
vations at 1 Montgomery st. D. **"". Hlt.tico.-,
General Agent. San Francisco. */•**...
For relieving Throat Diseases, Coughs a -A.
Hoahskn-khs, use " Brown's Bronchial TroOaA."
Bold only In boxes. Avoid Imitations. " J
-_ > m »
There can be no doubt that a timely use of
Ayer's Cherry Pectoral would prevent many
serious throat and lung troubles.
Some criticism was aroused in Maryland a
year ago by the appointment of a woman-
Mrs. Annie B. Jeffers— as the State Librarian.
But she has justified the appointment by the
admirable way in which she has fulfilled the
duties of the offica. "Her success," says the
Baltimore American, "is another proof of the
Let that in work of this kind a woman can
prove herself fully as capable as a man."
NEW TO-DAY.
!'sl_n
mm
Saki m \
POWDER
Absolutely Pure.
Celebrated for it i great leavening strength an*
healthfulness. Assures the lood against alum <s"d
all forms ol adult. rat. on common to the che^p
brands. _=*--*""***i*l«**"*"_"-_*^ y
hoyal Baking Powdj-u Co.. New Yoric.Wat + . efall
______k_Z_l __ISS__S_iE_Sif__c/^^
TUESDAY F_B„i;aßY 23, 1397
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
The weather office promises a fair Tuesday.
There are exceptionally bright bills at the
various theaters this week.
A large number of San Franciscans attended
Oakland's monsier parade.
Washington's birthday was appropriately
celebrated in this City and Oakland.
Thousand? attended the Y. M. I. ball and re
union at the Mechanics' Pavilion last night.
Ah Poo, a Chinese burglar, had two charges
booked against him at the City Prison yester
day.
The California Sons of the Revolution held
their annual banquet last night at the Occi
dental.
The unemployed closed their register yes
terday, in the afternoon they paraded tnrough
ti.e public streets.
There was an informal gathering at the
Union League Club last night ln honor of
Washington's birthday.
Imp. pFullerton Lass, Formal, Salvable, Nap
amas, Reddington and Preston were the win
ners ai Ingleside track yesterday.
Nellie Conroy, Myrtle and Belle Brandon
ere the winners yesterday nt the close of the
Inters, ate Ccjurslng Club's meeting.
The Seventh-day Adventists have opened a
free medical mission in connection with their
religious work at 1380-Market street.
The struggle over the Fair millions between
Mrs. Craven and the bonanza interests will
begin this morning before Judge Slack.
The Olympic Gun Club held a live-bird tour
nament at its new Ingleside grounds yester
day. Some ninety dozen birds were slain in
all.
The new Worklngmen's Institute was opened
by the Salvation Army yesterday morning. It
ls located on Now Montgomery, corner of How
ard street.
Dr. R. Beverly Cole celebrated Washington's
birthday by laving the first brick of the foun
dation of the dental college on the Affiliated
Colleges site.
Thomas Behan, an amateur baseball-player,
while throwing a ball at Central Park yester
day morning, had his right arm broken in
three places.
Mr. and Mrs. L IV. Hellman entertained fifty
guests at a colonial dinner at their residence,
corner ol Sacramento and Franklin streets,
last evening.
The marriage of Fred Marriott, editor of the
News Letter, and Mrs. M. B. Magulre, took
place yesterday afternoon at the First Presby
terian Church.
The soldiers' baseball team was defeated yes
terday afternoon at Central Park by a gelec.eJ
nine wearing the uniform of the California
Market employes. . *s*np_
The Salvation Army distinguished the holi
day by a signal celebration. There was an
"auction of children," phonograph exhibition
and other features.
Martin Julian, Bob Fitzsimmons' manager,
was in town yesterday on a flying visit. He
denies the rumors ot the pugilist's sickness,
and says he is as '-fine as silk."
Jose.h Wahls, a salesman formerly employed
in the White House, was booked at the City
Prison yesterday on charges ot forgery aud ob
taining goods by false pretenses.
The finding of four small steel saws in one
of the windows of the City Prison about three
weeks ago will likely result in an investigation
before the Police Commissioners.
The annual session of the State League of
Iroquois clubs was held in this City yester
day. Max Popper was elected grand sachem
and a banquet was held in the evening.
Jockey Sims had his badge taken up at In
gleside yesterday for threatening to whip
Jockey Thorpe and Clerk of Scales Harry
Kubl. He will not again be allowed to ride
on the local track.
The preliminary skirmishing in the Fair case
is r. bout at an end and the contending forces
will join battle in heavy array to-day before
Judge Slack. The case promises some interest
ing develODments.
Punta del Oro Chapter, Daughters of the
American Revolution, celebrated Washing
ton's birthday by giving a reception and
patriotic entertainment at Beethoven Hall
yesterday afternoon.
The Junior Order United American Me
chanics and the Daughters of Liberty held a
reunion, entertainment, ball and banquet in
Golden Gale Hall last evening in celebration
ol Washington's birthday. v
The street.railroad employes resent the Ex
aminer's misrepresentation to the effect that
in opposing the Braunhart bill for the reduc
tion of fares they were mere. acting at the
Instigation of the railroad officials.
Martin Julian says thai he refused Jim
Groom's offer to divide profits on an exhi
bition fight between Fltz and a local pugilist,
to take place In this City. Julian -.aid he tola
fnoo-n -he had had enough of the "National
Club."
W. E. Becker of Minneapolis rode five miles
at the Velodrome yesterday in 9:54 3-5, lower
ing the previous world's record nearly half a
minute. There was a big attendance at the
meet and the sport was marked by last time
and electrifying finishes.
Electric-car 1054 ol the Ingleside line ran
into a swlli-cari driven by Julius Tlel at the
loot of College Hill about noon yesterday. The
wagon was smashed and Tlel was thrown from
his seat* to the ground. He was stunned by the
fall, but was able to go to his home at Colma.
The members of the Union League Club
celebrated Washington's birthday v. iih egg
nog and an elaborate lunch, in which several
kinds of wild fowl and toothsome salads
formed a pari. Everything was free. Over
.100 persons partook of the lunch, which began
at 12 o'clock. There were no addresses of any
kind.
The Women's Federation voted yesterday
that the annual election oi officers take place
on the '2'2<\ of March. The federation is hunt
ing for new quarters lor the Home of Ketuge,
the present home being so crowded that the
matron was compelled to sit up two nights
latft week because there were not beds enough
for the applicants.
R. M. Welch returned from the National as
sembly of the League of American Wheelmen
lastn.ght. He said Culilornia's interests re
ceived .ittle thought at the hands of the dele
gates, and unices more consideration is shown
he thinks the State should secede. It would
have the support of Illinois, Miniouri and all
the Western biates in such a movement.
A great audience gathered at the Metro
politan Temple yesterday afternoon, the
occasion being the annual reunion of the San
Francisco Councils of the Young Men's Insti
tute. The memory of George Washington was
celebrated in- speeches and song. JThe
auditorium was profusely and handsomely
decorated with flags and other emblems.
The fire alarm through box 35 at 9:50
o'clock last evening was for a small blaze in
the .econd story at 117-119 Sanaome street.
occupied by Maurice Rosenthal, a who.esala
dea er in ladles' and gents' furnishing goods.
'J lie fire was caused by a defective flue. The
damage caused by smoke and water to the
furnishings will amount to $200, which is cov
ered by Insurance.
The teams for the big tug-of-war tournament,
Which opens at the Mechanics' Pavilion, are
Industriously putting in their evenings at
neadquar.era in practice. The various photo
graphs, which are displayed about the City,
showing each team in group, are being eagerly
Wsmieu by many people. The men present a
lormidabie appearance in the photos and
create a good impression as to their caliber
ana fituessior the struggle.
Trunks Moved 25 Cents.
Commercial Transfer Company, 4.3 Sutter st
Tel. main __. Furniture moved reasonably.*.
BED AND A BARBER
FOR A NICKEL EACH
The Salvation Army Opens
Its New Institute for
Workingmen.
Free Labor Bureau, Night School,
Library, Reading- Room and
Dispensary.
The New Social Secretaries Installed
in OJfic —Street Parade and
Fireworks.
Yesterday was a great day in the history
of the Salvation Army in this City.
Patriotic demonstration in celebration
of Washington's Birthday was mingled
with jubilation over the openingand dedi
cation of the Salvation Army Institute for
workingmen.
A street parade followed the dedication,
in which a number of attractive floats ap
peared, and the Salvationists were dressed
in fancy and representative costumes.
Several banners were carried in the ranks
inscribed "We want work" — the demon
stration being a plea for the unemployed
in connection with the institute. .
At Congress Hall, at the Salvation
Army headquarters on Market street, a
unique entertainment took place, being
an allegorical representation of an anction
sale of children.
In the evening another street parade
took place with an illemination. It
wound up at Metropolitan Temple, where
another big demonstration was held, the
feature of which was the installation of
Major and Mrs. Winchell as social secre
taries of the social wing of the army for
the Pacific Coast division. Pictures taken
from the social work were shown from a
stereopticoc.
The institute was dedicated in the morn
ing. It is located on the cortier of New
Montgomery and Howard streets. It has
been in operation for a month past supply
ing beds at 5 and 10 cents a night. It is
equipped with 150 oeds, to be let nightly
at 5 cents each, 100 other beds with lock
ers and extra bed-clothing at 10 cents;
thirty single bedrooms with writing-table
and washstand at 15 cents; together with
a number of furnished rooms at 25 cents
The plan contemplated that the institute
will be a rendezvous for tbe unemployed.
A free labor bureau is to be established
here, a "woodyard and window and step
cleaning company," organized; a night
school established, with a library and
reading-room; a free medical dispensary;
a barber-sbop, bathroom, a restaurant
and lunchroom and a laundry are to be
added.
It is stated in this connection that an
interstate labor bureau is being estab
lished by Commander Booth-Tucker, all
over the United States, and agencies are
to be established all through this State.
The dispensary is in c arge ol well
known city physicians, among them : Dr.
D. B. Ply mire". Dr. H. C. French, Dr. X.
Rodgers, Dr. J. Anderson and T. B. de
Wilt-
The ceremony of dedication was con
ducted by Lieutenant-Colonel Keppel.
He introduced A. S. Hemphill of C- vary
Church, who made an enthusiastic ad
dress in support of the work of the army.
He .aid he was ''lor the army every
time."
"It is nothing to stand up for the army
now," said Dr. Hemphill, "but I stood
with them in the streets twenty years ago
when they were greeted most of the time
by dead cats and eggs. It has been my
high privilege to re cuke those who have
sneered at the workers in the army."
Dr. Hemphill said that he was pastor of
a big and rich church, but he found it
difficult to secure funds to meet its ex
penses ana carry on its work. The, Salva
tion Army had always been a mystery to
him, he said. How it had progressed
from small and despised beginnings and
gone forward to the establishment one
after the other of self-supporting institu
tions for the relief and succor of man -
kind—half a dozen of them that bad each
accomplished great work in themselves
and the army kepi growing and establish*
ing still other and greater institutions
tbat bid fair to nourish and continue the
work — it was a mystery to him how it was
accomplished.
Dr. H. C. French was introduced as rep
resenting the physicians who will have
charge of the di-pensary. He said "the
world is sick." He thought that Use word
of God was the greatest remedy, but be
(Dr. French) stood prepared to alleviate
their suffering so far as he could with
physic. He said thai the Salvation Army
in its social institutions has given the lie
to the agnostics of the world. He advised
those present to tell whatever poor neigh
bors they may have to come to the insti
tute in caso they needed medical treat
ment for which they were unable to pay.
Major Winchell stated that a committee
of tbe Y. M. 1. had visited him' and offered
the army the use of the decorations at
Metropolitan Temple which the Y. M. I.
hurt placed there for its afternoon enter
tainment.
A volley was fired for the Y. M. I. and
the courtesy was accepted with applause.
Adjutant Montgomery, "the million
sire Salvationist," in a short address said
that he was glad that he bad bad time to
investigate tbe Salvation Army and its
methods. In tbat investigation* he had
looked behind the curtains, and it had
stood tbe test. It had been the means of
turning him to a life of usefulness. He
had seen the Salvationists swallowed up
in their work for their fellowmen, and he
bad found joy in joining them.
Lieutenant - Colonel Keppel offered a
final prayer and benediction upon the
dedication, and tbe services closed with a
great volley for the institute.
Shortly after 1 o'clock in the afternoon
the parade formed on Howard and New
Montgomery street, in front of the insti
tute. ' Floats representing "the cherry
tree" and "the old log cabin," and others
carrying the army lassies, in red, white and
blue, were in the line. Bells and brass
horns awakened the echoes all along the
line of march. The Chinese corps of the
juniors, a band of gayly dre-sed little
Celestials, attracted much attention.
Congress Hall was crowded by the lime
the head of the procession reached there.
The little children, 100 of them,' were
given places on tbe stage and presented a
pretty picture. After a short musical and
literary programme, among the numbers
of which was the sin. ing of the baby
Chinese, the whole band was offered for
sale by Major Winchell, social secretary,
in the capacity of an auctioneer. First
Pleasure bid for them • (in the person of
Ensign W. S. Barker); then Wealth 'Cap
tain Isabella Wise); then Education (Mrs.
Adjutant George S. Montgomery); then
Morality (Ensign N. J. Lewis.) None of
them were high enough, according to the
auctioneer, because they only pretended
to care of the bodies of the littleones, and
their care could not extend beyond this
life. Then Christianity bid, in the person
of the auctioneer's wife, Mrs. Winchell,
and to ber tbey were sold, as she was able
to care lor their souls in the after life us
well as for their bodies and souls in this.
It was a very pretty entertainment.
In the evening the parade, with red
lights and firework?, started from "White
Wings" Hall, Mission street, near Third,
at 7 o'clock. It traversed the principal
streets and broke ranks in front of Metro
politan Temple. ~
The temple was crowded at the begin
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 23. 897.
ning of the entertainment, which was
characterized throughout by the en
thusiastic "volleys" of the Salvation
Army. It began with a running talk on
the social work of the army,' illustrated
,by stereopticon pictures. **
The entry of Lieutenant-Colonel and
Mrs. Keppel, Major and Mrs. Winchell.
with musicians and their following at 8
o'clock, was the signal for an outbust.
Major and Mrs. Winchell were formally
installed as social secretaries.
Ensign Lewis sang "We'll be well fed
and have a bed," and in response to the
encore explained the uses of the "mercy
box." The first public exhibition of the
army's new adjunct, "the grapbophone
as a missionary and nickel collector," was
illustrated with son us and speech.
Some spectacular object- lessons of
the army's work among the poor were
shown with telling effect. The entertain
ment closed with the singing of "Amer
ica."
CHINESE BURGLAR.
Ah Poo Has Two Charges Booked
Against Him at the City
Prison.
Ah Poo, a Chinese ex-convict, was
booked at the City Prison yesterday morn
ing by Policeman L. C. Clark and De
tective Harry Reynolds on two charges of
burglary. , v . - '.£
For some months the establishment of
Mrs. Bowhay, ladies' tailor, 501 Sutter
street, has been periodically visited by
thieves and portions of the stock stolen.
On the night of December 25 a valuable
seal-kin sacque, a quantity of silk, $5 in
coin and several articles of jewelry were
stolen. Previous to this the thefts had
been trifling, but such a big steal com-
R. M. WELCH, Who Has Just Returned From the National
Assembly of the League of American Wheelmen.
pelled Mrs. Bowhay to report the matter
to the police, and Detective Reynolds was
detailed on the case.
Nothing more was taken till Tuesday
night, when Policeman Clark saw AhPoo
leaving tbe premises with a large bundle
under his arm. He arrested him, and on
opening the bundle found it contained
a bout $500 worth of silks. Ah Poo told the
officer that some man bad left the bundle
.here and bad asked him to call for it.
Detective Reynolds ascertained that Ah
Poo was formerly emnloyed by Mrs. Bow
bay. He had entered the premises by
climbing a fence in the rear and sliding
down a rope through a ventilator. He
had used some of the silks stolen on De
cember 25 to line bis underclothing.
Ah Poo is an old offender. On June 14,
1882, as Ah Poe, he was sent to Ban Quen
tiu for three years lor burglary in San
Joaquin County, and on April 8, 1887, as
Ng Ah Pngb, he was sentenced to eight
years for burglary in this City.
SOLDIEES' TEAM DEFEATED.
A Picked Nine With an Innocent Name
Humbles Presidio Pride.
The soldiers- baseball team from the
Presidio was defeated yesterday afternoon
at Central Pari, by a nine nominally made
up of employes of the California market,
but really a picked team, including much
of the available professional and experi
enced talent of the City.
The score was 8 to 1, but the teams were
very nearly matched. Wheeler, who
pitched the last few innings for the sol
diers, showed form that might have saved
tbe blueboatt tbe game had it been used
from tbe start. Amonr- the few brilliant
plays was a pretty right-hand stop by
Lanigan of a high liner that he took in
time to. double up on a soldier stealing
from second. About COO persons were
present. Many of -hem lingered on the
grounds after the game, hoping that a big
hot-air balloon ana a pendant airship with
an advertising notice attached rai.ht
finally be made to raise, but they wen
disappointed. The big balloon would
only swell out slowly and barely maintain
a rotund form.
Following is the detailed score of the
game:
CS.RKoni.ABS. A.B K. BR. SB. P.O. A. B.
Meyers, c. Act.... 6 0 10 6-1
Wheeler, p. <_. r. 1.. 4 0-0120
Toy. s.B. 4000101
Kelle .lb ...4 0 0 0.20
Cameron, 2 b 4 0 3 2 It 2 1
Bains I. f 3 0.0 U 0 O 0
*.lttl-,3b ...4 0 0 0.4 2 0
.Nov os, c 2 0 114 3 2
.'eddlcord. p. _-.. 1. 4 10 0 0 o°*
Uilaen.c. f 2 0 0 0 0 0 0
Totals 88 1 7 3 **7 13 8
Cal. Markkt. a.b. a. B.n. s.a. P.o. a. x.
Smith, a. s. 3 3 2 1-10
Heart}', 1.1 4 110 10 0
Murphy, 1 b 4 12 3 8 0 1
Lnnic-n, 2 b 4 0 1 1 « 3 1
Strrib, C 4 0 10 8 0 0
Lee.3b 3 0 2 110 1
Mc.M-Domy, r. f — x 1 0 1 0 0 0
Ib-rg, 3 10 112 1
bpeiiCiT, c t 3 1 0 0 1 0 U
T0ta15...... 81 8 9 8 27 13 4
... buns BY INNINGS. -
C. S. Iteatnlars. 0 0 0 0 10 0 0 o—l
Base hits. .....1 0 112 10 1 0--7
California Market 1 5 0 2 0 0 0 0 *—
Base-Its. 1 2 13 10 10 *-9
' BUMMABT.
Earned rnn— U. S. Regulars 1. Sacrifice hit-
Meyers. First base on errors— C". fc-. Regulars 4,
California Mai 3. First base on called ba IS-
C', h. Hegalars 1, California Market 4. l.rft on
bases— U.S. .Regulars 4, California Marx et 9.
Mrurk out— By .Wheeler 4, by I'eddlcord 2, by >
Ib-rg 8 Hit by pitcher— McMenomy. Double
plays-iVVht-eier to Kelley, -.anlgan to -Smith, j
las-ed bal a— Meyers 1, -*o> es 2. Time of game
1 hour and 30 minutes. 7Urapl>e— McDonald.
The Unemployed Parade
The unemployed celebrated Washington's
birthday by a street parade yesterday. They
marched over the principal streets to the City
Hall and back to the armory on Mission street
The day was otherwise uneventful. The parade
was postponed from the morning, as. was the
original intention, until the afternoon.
Flatulence is cared by Beech Fills.
SOUR, SELFISH
AND NARROW
Attitude of Eastern Wheel
men Toward Western
Brethren.
Return of R. M. Welch From
the National L. A. W.
Assembly. *
What He Thinks and What He Says
of the Delegates He
Met.
Robert M. Weich, a member of the
National racing board of the League of
American Wheelmen and one of the dele
gates from the North California division
to the National assembly of the league
recently hela at Albany, N. V.. returned
last evening. He was met at the Six
teenth-street station, Oakland, by a num
, ber of his friends prominent in local
wheeling interests, and representatives
from the different papers.
As is pretty generally known the pur
pose of tbe North California division in
sending its delegates East was to secure
an amendment to the racing rules provid
ing for divisional option on the question
of Sunday racing, that is, that each State
should have the right to decide for itself
whether or not it would sanction cycle
racing on Sunday. This division was en
titled to seven delegates, two of whom,
Mr. Welch and Judge Frank H. Kerrigan,
went in person, carrying the proxies of
the other five. In New York City th-y
met Frank W. Fuller, who accepted a
proxy, went with them to Albany and
materially assisted in the work.
Mr. Welch felt rather tired on his return
last night, but said to a CaLl reporter tbat
he was glad to be home and among his
friends once more, and to have an oppor
tunity to express himself on the L. A W.
. "We went there," be said, "expecting
that we were going to. at least a quasi
fraternal association, to deal with a lot of
fair, generous men. We found them sour,
selfish and narrow-minded. We received
absolutely no courtesies from any of them,
and, accustomed as we were to the warm
hearted hospitality of Californians, the
surprise was roost complete.
"To "bow you bow little sympathy the
L. A. W. has for its racing interests—
the time we were discussing the admission
of professionals to membership, which
was defeated, by the way, and the argu
ment was made that we controlled them
and yet allowed tbem no representation,
the reply was that we did not ask them
to come tons, they sought us and asked
for, our protection. If tbey don't like
what they get, let them get down and out.
"During the argument on Sunoay rac
ing one man from Louisiana was telling
bow badly they needed it there; tnat
meets were only .held on Saturdays or
holidays and tracks were a financial loss
or had to be abandoned entirely. I saw
and heard men in that assembly nudge
each other and say they were glad to
hear it.
"As a matter of course, the L. A. W.
does not care a snap for racing. It's hue
and-cry is good roads; and yet that is tbe
biggest farce in tbe world. There is abso
lutely no Interest in it and the L. A. W. is
not creating any. I saw that man Potter
I presiding at a good roads meeting nt
Albany and listened to some crank tell
bow you could put down cloth and lay
asphalt or macadam on it and make a
splendid road. The good roads banquet
was a farce. There was to be a night ses
sion of tbe Good Roads Congress, so the
members ot the legislature could attend.
Well, I believe there were six people
present, newspaper men included. It was
an awful lizzie. Nobody of any import
ance took any notice of it. The league
gets its prestige and its name from its
racing interests, tbe very thing those
shortsighted Easterners are trying to
down.
"Now, the position I take is just this:
At present we cannot do much, although
Illinois, Missouri, Colorado and ail the
Western States, save and except that little
South California' division, are only wait
ing for us to take the initiative and tbey
will follow. But there must be some or
ganization, some bead to it, and- who is
going to take it? There must be somebody
of character and energy to take hold of it,
and the trouble is those who have been
doing the most talking have no standing.
"What 1 suggest is that we first wait
and see. what action the executive com
mittee takes at its met ting in New York
to-morrow. Kerrigan is there and will
ask them to instruct the racing board not
to suspend any rider* who race in Califor
nia on Sunday. If they agree to this our
point is partly gained and we can struggle
along for a while longer. If not it is time
to call a meeting of the local board of offi
cers and discuss what action is to be taken.
"If tbe racing board gets into shape and
a . circuit . is . arranged •to start from here,
and many Eastern riders come here, per
haps it would be best to wait until they
have gone. Our tracks cannot exist as
they are, however. They must promote
Sunday racing to pay even expense?. If
the executive committee permits it all
discontent will be allayed and we will
have no immediate grievance. Otherwise
the tracks will promote it anyway, and
there will be plenty of men who will ride.
Who of our California boys will co East
this year? Probably only Ziegler,
McFarland, Wells and "Bob" Terrill.
Sunday racing for plethoric purses may.
keep them hero to say nothing of attract
ing the Eastern cracks.
"I don't believe there will be much of
this so-called circuit racing this year. I
don't believe the manufacturers are going
to support teams. I heard Tom Eck dis
cussing it at the New York show. He said
he thought there were only about twelve
men signed so far. And there are 1900
professionals in America, whom the league
felt itself too good to admit to member
ship. With no teams or circuits what are
these men going to do? I think, with
frequent opportunities fcr racing here and
good purses, we will attract a large num
ber of them. I imagine Sunday racing
will develop new men fast, too. We are
really in a better position to start out lor
ourselves than any other State.
"The only reason for California adher
ing to the league is for our racing interests.
If we cut loose in that regard nothing re
mains. In what manner did the East as
sist in the passage of our baggage bill?
It was by our own individual efforts. We
could have got it under any other name
besides the L. A.W. with the same efforts.
And this applies to our roadbook and
everything else. Everything is done by
the divisions, and yet we turnover one
third of our dues to the home olhce which
helps to pay fat salaries to a favored few."
Continuing, Mr. Welch, talked very
rapidly as he enthused 'to his subject.
He said the racing interests of the league
just now were badly demoralized. Mr.
Gideon would not accept reappointment
as chairman of the racing board, and he
himself would no longer represent it in
California unless Sunday racing be per
mitted, i Mr. Croninger of Kentucky
would probably be the only incumbent
reappointed. A. G. Batcneider of New
York was a likely candidate for chairman.
Mr. Welch said Gideon had been an ex
ceedingly fair and impartial man, gentle
manly and popular, who ruled with a rod
of iron, yet was admired and respected.
He compared him with George H. Strat
ton, late chairman of Associated Cycling
Clubs' racing board of this State. Of
ex-President Elliott of Boston he could
not say too much. He was a splendid
man and deserved re-election. But he
was a victim of the questionable politics
of the New York division and was turned
down for Potter.
Monahan, the chief consul of the South
California division, stood .in with the
Potterites and fought the Sunday-racing
proposition tooth and nail. He was very
unpopular with the delegates, but
could be utilized to good advantage, and
they made the most of him.
Mr. Welch said both he and Mr. Ker
rigan were thoroughly disgusted. They
had given several years to the work of the
league in this State and felt they had
accomplished much good for its members
here. He says Kerrigan is all broken up
over the result and of their treatment
there, and does not feel that he can come
back here and do any more.
The Potterites promised their support
to California and to every one else who
wanted anything at the assembly in re
turn lor the election of the Potter ticket
This ticket went through with the excep
tion of the treasurer. And then the fall
came. Delegation after delegation was
turned down, California included. Ot
course New York with the liity-six dele
gates, whose vote Potter held in the palm
of his hand, so to speak, had practically
the control of everything, and Potter
broke his promises fa-<ter even than be
made them, eager as he was. Massachu
setts. Illinois, the South and in** West, all
have grievances, and they will not be
easily assuaged. Some of the methods
employed at that assembly would make a
ward politician turn green with envy and
put Tammany Itself to shame.
"We had an agreeable trip both going
and coming." Mr. We. concluded.. "It
snowed a little in New York and also at
Albany the morning of the day our Sun
day racing proposition came up. It was a
Friday and I remarked something about
superstition to Judge Kerrigan at break
fast. The Judge was pretty glum then,
for our defeat was foreshadowed by tne
turn of events of the previous day, but his
usual wittiness asserted itself and be said
it would be a cold day if we got left and
it was."
Mr. Welch returned alone. Mr. Fuller
stopped off at Chicago and Judge Kerrigan
is still in New York. B th will be home
in the course of the next ten days and
their return will signal something startling
in the North Californ a Division of the
League of American Wheelmen.
MINGLED IN THE DANCE.
Councils No. 28, A. P. A., and No. 11,
W. A. P. A., Enjoy an Enter
tainment.
An interesting and enjoyable entertain
ment and hop was given in honor of the
anniversary of Washington's birthday last
night in California Hail, 620 Bush street,
by Council No. 23, American Protective
Association; ably assisted by Council No.
11, Woman's American Protective Asso
ciation. The address delivered by Dr.
George L. Fitch was the event of the
evening. The large hall, which had been
decorated for the occasion, was full to
overfl 'Win. with invited guests and mem
bers of the councils as tbe doctor spoke
his words of welcome. He then entered
at some length upon the subject of his ad
dress. "The Lost Ten Tribes of Israel."' .
: Following is the programme rendered:
Overture, Mearns' band; song, Miss Ethel
Wollenberg; address, Dr. George L. Fitch;
Si.no soio, Mrs Sadie Wollenberg; vocal duet
Irs. Ginglesand Mrs. Hicks.
At tbe conclusion of the programme the
many dancers present were enabled to
enjoy themselves until a late hour. The
dancing and entertainment were exceed
ingly enjoyable affairs. The following
committees were in charge:
Floor manager, Mr. Williams; assistant,
Miss Ella Hughes. • . . .
Floor committee— Mrs. M. A. Clark, Mrs.
Anna Crosby and Mrs. H. L. Howard.
Reception committee— Mr. Batchelder, Mrs.
B. Bachman, Mr. Werner, Miss Ingemhron
and Mr. Kohner.
A healthy babe should cry three or four
times a day, to give its lungs needed exer
cise. So asserts a medical authority ; but
he doesn't say how long each cry should
last. . .
A musical bicycle is one of the latest
inventions. The motion of the vehicle
grinds out the tunes, and the wheelman
whirls along to the strains ot lively har
mony. __3i-S_HBBB_BHHKBRH£ii-BIS
XEW TO-DAT.
N Dr. Miles' l
ervihel
The Nerves are the life conduc- |
tors. Let one nerve centre become j
inactive and some part of the ■
body gives out. Dr. Miles' Re-
storative Nervine is the greatest
body builder ever discovered.
Try it, there's no risk. All drug-
gists sell it under a positive guar-
antee to , refund • money if first
bottle fails. Book on Heart and j
Nerves free by Dr. Miles' Medical
Company, Elkhart, Indiana. )
Restores Health.
AT A COLONIAL
DINNER PARTY
Mr. and Mrs. I. W. Hellman
Entertain Fifty
Guests.
The Little Hatchet and the Cherry
Tree Artistically Utilized for
Decorations.
Clinging Ivy Vines From Washington's
Grave Twined Round the
Menu Cards.
In no world more than in that sphere
where pleasure rules supreme does nov
elty make a leader and create a following.
In spite of this undeniable fact for
some time past it has appeared as though
society had exhausted all tbe resources
for the creation of the new, and it remained
for Mr. and Mrs. I. W. Hellman to present
to the devotees of fashion an entertain
ment at once patriotic, unique and
original.
• This entertainment was nothing more
nor less than a colonial dinner to cele
brate the birthday of Washington.
The history of the father of his country
and that of the cherry tree are so closely
allied that it was most natural that the
decorations should consist entirely of
cherry blossom.. Neither was the historic
little hatchet missing, but was found
deeply imbedded in the cherry bark that
nestled in the midst of much floral love
liness. Tbe menu cards were an inspira
tion—each course was marked by some bit
of wisdom of the first President, and the
card was tied to a tiny piece of cherry bark
and trimmed round with ivy that bad
been brought from the last resting-place
of Washington.
Mrs. Hellman and Mi-. Hellman, at
tired in- colonial gowns, received the
guests, fifty in number.
Three round tables were used and an
elaborate menu discussed. During the
service of the dinner there was music,
patriotic airs, of course, being shown
preference.
IN HONOK OF THE DAY.
Junior Order United American Mechan
ics Entertains Its Friends.
The Junior Order United American Me
chanics and the ladies' branch, the
Daughters of Liberty, gave a grand enter
tainment, reunion, ball and banquet in
Golden Gate Hall last evening. The
hall was elaborately decorated in Fational
colors, flags and bunting una on the lour
walls were large paintings of George and
Martha Washington, General U. S. Grant,
James A. Garfield, Abraham Lincoln,
General Phil Sheridan, General "W. Sher
man and Admiral Farragut. Long before
the entertainment began tbe main ball
was filled to the doors with members and
Iriends of the order. Tbe overture was
NEW TO-DAY.
The test after all is do
you like it ? Schilling's Best
tea is wholesomer than most
other tea ; but that isn't why
people buy it. &
They buy it because they
like it.
If they don't like it, they
only borrow it — they get
their money back of the
grocer. '
A Schilling & Company
San Francisco §44
CATARRH t A I AhUll
ISA _-___—_ -
LOCAL DISEASE Kfc/^^B
and Is the result of colds ___F C 4> A! * BAl*"£s|
and sudden climatic ■^^-fe_£«lfS co i.l
change*. RSrS«V» H^J
This remedy doss not con- _u!/""E8 jw__? Af _____!
tnin mercury or any other "Vi tiVSsJgm
Injurious drug. S~'*&£3a
cream balm fe|i
Opens ana cleans the Nasal 1,(11,11 I'l If IC 111
Passages. Allays Pain and VVLI/ **■ IiUAU
Inflammation, Reals and Protects the Membrane
Irom Colds. • Restores the Senses ot Taste and
Smell, is quickly absorbed Gives relief at once.
60 cents at Druggists, or by mull; samples 10c by
mail. - ■
ELY BROTHERS, 53 Warren stree- New York
NEW TO-DAT — AMUSEMENTS.'
ALCAZAR. Bte Curtain Calls after
ill RA_f An each Act!
nbUnfanßll Two big audiences yes-
: terday were with us!
Enthusiasm Reigned From Start to
Finish!
SAINTS a« d SIHHERS
The famous Madison Sq. Theater, N. V., Success.
An Unqualified Artistic Triumph for
GEORGE OSBOURNE, FRANCES JOLLIFFE,
HUGO POLAND and Every Member of the Co.
-TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
Our Regular Prices! Telephone tor seats BlacK...
PACIFIC COAST JOCREI CLUB
(INGLESIDE TRACK), -•-.'-
The only I'erieet Winter Racetrack iv A merles.
urn gjjfc RACING
Racing From Monday, Feb. '-"2, to Satur-
day, March 6, Inclusive. ' * •
Five or More Races Daily, Rain or Shins.
FIRST RACE AT 2 P. M.
Take Southern Pacific trains at Thirl ani
Townsend sta depot, leaving at 1 and 1:20 p. St.
Faro for Round Trip, Including Ad-
mission to Grounds, 3*1.00.
'I.k» iiisslonst. electric line direct to trace
The >! oet & Chandon White Seal Stakes Mon-
day. February 22. ,
The p-chreiber Stakes Saturday, February 27. I
The Crocker Slakes Saturday. March 0.
A. a -SPRECKELS, President
; W. S. Leake. Secretary. '
THE CHUTES.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
BCSCH, the Golden Yam.ire: BRESINO. Wire
Wa:ktT. the ANIMA'I OPE and a
Host of Attractions at Night.
ADMISSION lOc — CHILDREN So
GOLDEN GATE HALL.
To-Night East Lecture To-Night
HABKEKT SMITH, M.A.
"ARriENIA AND CONSTANTINOPLE;"
Or the Crisis in the Turkish Empire.
NEW TO-DAT.'
the fading or falling of *V"^r
tresses are far more to the
matron than to the maid -whose casket
of charms Is yet unrifled by time.
Beautiful -women will be glad to be
reminded that falling or fading hair
is unknown to those who use
Ayer's Hair Vigor.
rendered by Professor Johnson's or-
chestra.
George 0. Perry was introduced as the
speaker of the evening, and he delivered
an able address upon the life of George
Washington and what he accomplished.
Songs and recitations followed and at
the conclusion of the entertainment the
floor was cleared and dancing was kept up
until midnight. Then all went to the
banquet hall, where a splendid repast had
been prepared by the Daughters of Lib-
erty. The whole affair was very pleasing
and will long be remembered by those
who participated and by those present.
> * m
At the better class of Parisian cafes,
writing-paper, envelopes, pens, ink, etc.,
are furnished to the guests free; in hotels
of the same city the guests have to pay for
them.
XEW TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS.
BALDWIN , THEATER.
A__-_,y_._„- __co. (Incorporated) -Toprtaio:.
THREE WEEKS
EVERY EVENING EXCEPT SUNDAY.
Matinee Saturday Only.
JAMES A. HERNE
As NATHANIEL BERRY in
"SHORE ACRES"
Direction of HENRY ('. MINES.
CALIFORNiA THEATER.
Ax. Hat-mas _- Co. (Incorporated). .. . Proprietors
Extra!— Matinee Wednesday— Extra!
TO-NIGHT AND WEDNESDAY NIGHT
Last Performances of
"OUR LITTLE CINDERELLA"
COMPANY.
Remember! Last Performance Wednesday Night.
Thursday, Feb. 25-SOUSA'S CONCERT BAND.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
{Thursday February 25
Evenings < Friday February 86
(.Saturday February 27
rFriday Febru try 2(1
Matinees Saturday.... February 27
(Sunday- February 28
SOUSA
ELIZABKTH NORTHROP soprano
IIAKiINA JOHNSTONE Violinist©
Prices— soc. 75c, Si, Sl 50.
Aiw__\a@^^
■ tBIMUnOtiLCOrriOD* e>* mm A-iorufiA-wv--
IF I HAD
YOU I COME
LAST NIGHT
And Heard the Shouts of Laughter and
Applause
You would certainly come to see DAINTY
FANNY RICE
In Her New Version of
"AT THE FRENCH BALL!"
A Delightful Company of Comedians and
Specialty Artists.
MATINEE ONLY ON SATURDAY.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
FrikijuS-eb, Uottlob -C Co., Lesseea&ilanagers
ti_:tjr,sd_a-Y, march 4,
At 3130 P. M.,
- — THIRD SYMPHONY CONCERT! —
Special Engagement of
MLLE. TREBELLI
Seat. Now on Sale— soo and 81.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
!__,_._.__% apbtin- KsiLisa. Proprietor & Manager
. TO-2NTXO---ET
GRAND I_)OXJ_3__.__3 BULiIjI
Yon Suppe's Beautiful One- Act Operetta,
the __-o"v__n___i-y
"a-_-_.l_i_-_.TH3_A."
AND
Gilbert & Sullivan's Esthetic Two-Act Opera,
"PATIENCE."
GRAND CASTS !
Beautiful Scenery and Correct Costumes
- IN PREPARATION — ■ —
"THE MERRIf WIVES OF WINDSOR !"
Popular Prices 25c and 50c
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WA_.-i.lt MOBOSCO...SOI- Leasee and -_*-•_•;
SPLEN DIJ REVIVAL
Of Oliver Byron's Sensational Melodrama,
10,000 MILES AWAY-
Presented With a splendor Never Before
Attempted In a San Francisco Thea.er.
BEAUTIFUL SCENERY !
STIRRING SITUATIONS!
Many Specialties by Numerous Clever Artists.
Evening: Prices— lOc, 25c and 50c.
• Matinees Saturday ami Sunday.
BPECIAL ! Owing to the length of the Pro-
gramme the performance will begin at 8 o'clocic
sharp.
BARNEY FAOAN and HENRIETTA BYRON
Farce Comedians; THE FINNEYB. Champion
Swimmers; HAVES, LYTTON «fc HAVES, In
Up to Date." THE PAN TZER3: THK
RE Fu.S; GRAN v OPERA ARTISTS, Odills,
Abbamoff, Miss Cottk and Miss Bcsch, and
nitrous Novelties.
Reserved Seats, '2 5c; Balcony 10c; Opera Chair i
and Box Sea* s, 60c.
Concerts by the Royal Hnncarian Court Or-
chestra immediately after the evening perform-
ance in the Orpheum Annex.
_ -
oJkiums
O'Farrell siri-et, ut-ar sioc_iou.
San Francisco' Enmity Concert Hull,
A MAGNIFICENT SUCCESS 1
HOUSES CROWDED TO THE DOORS!
HERR FERDINAND STARK,
The famous Hungarian Violin Virtuo.o. and his
Brilliant Organization,
THE VIENNA OK.HKSTRA.
jgg-Grand Concer; Every Evening at 8 o'clock.
SUTRO BATHS.
FINE PROGRAMMK.
Grand Concert Every Sunday Afternoon.
General Admission, 10c; Children, aa.
78
MASONS CONDUCT
DEDICATORY RITES
Impressive Ceremonies in
the New Temple at
Los Angeles.
4 Scottish Rite Lodge Takes Pos
session of Its Splendid
Quarters.
Praises Showered Upon the Men Who
Labored for the Building of
tbe Edifice.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. 22.— One
year ago to-day an event of great moment
to the local Masonic fraternity took place
in Los Angeles., This was the laying of
the cornerstone of the splendid temple
which now adorns the west side of Hill
.street, between Fourth and Fifth. The
grand officers of California were present
and conducted the ceremonies.
The elegant building, with the lot, cost
about $60,000. It was formally opened on
' December 28 last. It is planned for five
stories, three of which are completed and
now partiaily occupied. On the second
floor are rive Blue Lodge rooms, three of
which are now in use. Then there is one
of the most elegant dance halls in the
State, a banquet hail and a room for the
Eastern Star. The ladies of this order
dedicated their hall last Saturday with a
banquet and dance.
On the third floor are two capacious and
elaborately equipped rooms for the chap
ter and commandery and the Scottish Rite
lodge. The latter of these has been occu
pied this week in dedicating its hall in
the most imposing manner. Following
the dedicatory exercises and lectures a
banquet was spread. The grand officers
of this lodge had charge of the ceremonies
and of course participated in the subse
quent festivities. The commandery will
soon dedicate its hall, which will com
plete the dedicatory services in this great
temple of the south.
The officers of the Masonic Temple Asso
ciation are: Hervey Lindley, president;
Judge S. J. Beck, vice-president; Niles
Pease, treasurer; Julius H. Martin, secre
tary, and the board of directors includes
those four, with James Cuzner.George Sin
fabaugb, George Varcoe, Frank Rader and
Jolm E. Jackson, lately deceased. These
men are well enough known in the com
munity without any special reference to
their qualifications for the duties they
have undertaken and performed.
The construction of this temple was un
dertaken at tne tequest of Hervey Lindley
while eminent commander of Ccenr de
Leon Commandery. On the evening
Wip.n the suggestion was made $8000
worth of stock was subscribed, which
started the enterprise. From that time
on the officers and the bo-trd have labored
diligently and raised $50,000, and built,
furnished and equipped the temple so that
now, as they are beginning to occupy the
premises, they have a home of their own
ail paid for — something unusual in the
construction of a building of a public
character; but the proposition from the
start was to build, equip and own the
premises free of incumbrance.
Judge S. J. Beck is a retired capitalist,
having been a resident of this city for a
longtime. He was at one time president
of the City Council, and has occupied dur
Frail Rader, Eminent Commander.
Los Angeles Masons to Whose Untiring Efforts the New Temple Stands as a Monument.
ing his life various official positions of re
sponsibility, in all of which he has ac
quitted himself with great credit and with
the entire approval of the people whom he
has represented. He has been an enthu
siastic supporter of the work of building
the temple, and has devoted a great deal
of time and energyto that end, his bard
common sense and business capacity con
tributing largely to the success.
Niles Pease is one of the leading mer
chants of the city, of irreproachable char
acter and sound business judgment, whose
standing in the community is ' equal to
that of any one, and who has officially oc
cupied the most important positions in
the Masonic fraternity. He has been one
of the prime movers in this enterprise
which has been so successfully accom
plished. His energy and diligence have
been of great service.
Julius H. Martin is the present candi
date for Mayor of the city of Los Angeles
on the Republican ticket.. He has been
secretary of the corporation from the start
J and has been untiring in his efforts in
collecting the money and attending to
various duties incumbent upon him in his
official position. His character and stand
ing and well-known honesty of purpose
have been of great assistance. 7
James Cuzner of the Kerckhoff-Cuzner
Mill and Lumber Company has been a di
rector from tbe start an 1 constant in his
attention upon the duties incumbent upon
him in his official capacity, and ail who
know him and his devotion to. any enter
prise with which he is connected Know
how faithfully and well he has worked.
George Sinsabaugh, while he was not a
director the first year, having succeeded
Professor Innes, who was a director dur
ing the first year of the corporation, has
rendered valuable service and by his en
ergy has contributed largely to the success
of the work during the present year, as
did Professor Innes during the year pre
ceding.
George Vanoe, the efficient . deputy
County Clerk, has been on the board from
the beginning and has been untiring in
his efforts and what he has done has been
well directed.
Frank Rader, the present commander of
Los Angeles Commandery No. 9, also
Mayor of the city of Los Angeles, has
(<iuce coming into office at the beginning
ol this year as the successor of Judge M.
T. Owens, who was director for-, the first
rear, been a great acquisition *to the
board. His advice and assistance have
The Stately Masonic Temple Now Almost Completed at Los
Angeles.
been valuable and he is held in high es
teem by all the fraternity.
John E. Jackson had nerhaps spent
more hours in connection*with the worn
than any member on the board and all re
gret very much his recent death. Ke will
not only be missed as an active, intelli
gent and working member of the board,
but as a Mason in high standing and of
high character4fmong Masons.
Hervev Lindley, tbe president of the
association, is one of the best-known per
sonages in California. He is a man of
affairs, of great ability and of unquestion
able weight in tho community. He has
been a highly successful business man,
and many people look upon him in poli
tics as the coming Tom Piatt of Cali
fornia. He is public spirited and enter
prising to the last degree, and no worthy
object or project is without his helping
nand. He was the soul of the building
committee, and to his unflinching perse
verance and energy undoubtedly much of
the success of the association is due.
The work connected with the raising of
the money and the building and equip
ping of this institution done by this board
during the "hard" times has been a great
deal more than persons who have not been
closely connected with it can imagine, but
the entire board has devoted itself to it
with snch constancy and energy as to
have brought about a successful result,
and one of the greatest pleasure * con
nected with the affair is the fact that
while the building is now occupied by ten
different Masonic bodies there 13 not a
word of fault found nor criticism rendered
by any of them. In fact, the board has
been backed at every step by the united
support of the entire Masonic fraternity.
Rialto'a Canaigre Industry.
LOS ANGELES. Cal., Feb. 22.— The
transfer of the several thousand acres of
the defunct Serai- Tropic Land ana Water
Company to Eastern capitalists is working
a revolution in Rialto. The grabbing hoe
George Sinsabaugh, Generalissimo.
and plow are at work preparing 2000 acres
for canaigre. It takes two years for
canaigre land to come into good bearing,
and a factory will be erected later on for
preparing the root for tanning, and per
haps there will also be a tannery on tbe
grounds. •,.-•*.-
Next week all of the members of tbe
company are expect. d to make a visit to
their purchase. The managers are ex
perienced men from Chicago, and the
moneyed men or backers are from Eng
land and Scotland. It is thought the
company will expend $1,000,000 on the
tract in improving the grounds, putting
up buildings and* developing water. The
trolley-car line from Rialto to San Ber
nardino, the county seat, for which a fran
chise has been granted, is among the im
mediate possibilities.
PATRIOTISM WAS LACKING.
Washington's Birthday Pqsses as Any
Other Day in the City of the
Angels. i
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. 22.— Except
for the presence of a large number of gayly
garbed college students in this city, the
blare of the tally-ho horn and the fact
that the banks and public offices were
closed a casual observer would never have
su.pected that patriotic Americans had
set apart this day to do honor to the Na
tion's hero who was "First in war, first in
peace and first in the hearts of his coun
trymen." It Was a sort of repetition of
St. Valentine's day. Few flags were flying
and none of the clubs and few of the other
social organizations did anything toward
observing the day.
The Jack of enthusiasm in the various
patriotic institutions has been particu
larly marked. The patriotism that re
cently wen t out to Gomez seems exhausted
completely, and left nothing for Wash
ington, the man to whose name Napoleon
doffed his hat and before whom Corn
wallis made genuflections. In many of
the stores business went as usual all day.
Some enterprising fellows brought in a
load, of, snow from Mount Lowe and
amused themselves with creating a sens
ation by letting people of the city dabble
a little in tbe strange substance. It was a
delightful treat to many who have not
■ had the privilege since coming -to this
land of sunshine. •...--.
THE SAN - FRANCISCO CAM*, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1897.
STOCKTON MEN
COME TO BLOWS
Society Agog Over a Fight
Between Two of Its
Leaders-
William Beresford and A. F.
Naher Pummel Each Other
on a Street.
One Man's Attentions to Another's
Wife Leal to a Lively
Fracas.
STOCKTON, Cal.. Feb. 22.— A1l Stock
ton is talking to-night about the latest
sensation in social circles. William
Beresford and A. F. Naher, both of whom
are lions of local society, were the princi
pals in a lively affray in front of the Im
perial Hotel last evening. Mr. Naher
attacked Mr. Beresford, knocking him
down with a right-hander such as Carson
will probably never see, even though Cor-
Hervey Lindley, Tat Eminent Commander.
bett and Fitzsimmons do scrap there.
Mr. Beresford held a cane in bis band and
he brought the stick down upon Naher's
forearm, and then there was a mix-up.
Beresford was knocked into the cutter.
Naher appeared to be very wroth and be
landed bis fists right and left on the oppo
nent. He then lifted Beresford up and
administered several kicks to him. . Naher
started in to do more drubbing, but Beres
ford called upon spectators to check the
angry liquor-dealer and Naber was pulled
away.
Beresford picked himself . out of the
mud, and as he arose he made a remark
which aroused Naher again and the latter
started after him once more. This time
the two mixed up in the mud in the mid
dle of the street, and they had it hot and
heavy. Naher bad the better of the round
in the mud, as be bad of the whole en
counter. .
• Tnere are two stories as to the occur
rences that lead to the hostilities. This
much is admitted by both persons: Mr.
Naner and Mr. Beresford had been'friends
up to about three months ago. Tbey
moved in the same society, attended the
same social functions and had rooms
at the same place— the Bud J House. " Mr.
and Mrs. Naher then took apartments in
the Imperial Hotel, and shortly after that
Mr. Naher asked his friend, Mr. Beresford,
to take dinner with him at the Imperial.
The invitation was accepted and the two
entered the lobby of the hostelry one Sun
day afternoon. Naher, in a spirit of fun,
went to the register and proceeded to reg
ister himself and guest- In registering
Mr. Beresford be wrote "Lord de la Poer
Beresford." Mr.' Beresford took umbrage
at the attempt to "josh" him, and, wetting
his forefinger, he blurred the fresh ink so
that the writing could not be read.:77;
"I thought you were a gentleman," said
Naher, taking offense at Beresford for
having blurred his name on the register.
With that Naher entered the elevator
and ordered the boy to take him to his
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
room. Beresford attempted to follow bim
into the cage, bnt Naher had' the door
closed against him. * To the remark, "I
thought you were a gentleman," Beres
ford had reported, ''Oh, are you* able to
judge?" p. ■' '"7 7 ;
They did not dine together that day,
which coldness marked the beginning of
a feud, which resulted in the memorable
encounter of last evening.
The immediate trouble that led up to
yesterday's difficulty is best told by the
persons themselves. The two accounts
are somewhat different. Last night Beres
f.»rd attempted to enter the apartsments
of Mrs. Naher to bid her good- by, so he
says, and the angry husband gave him a
thrashing.
PORT BLAKELEY TRAGEDY.
Seaman Charles Miller Murders His Wife
and Fatally Wounds Him
self.
SEATTLE, Wash., Feb. 22.— Port
B-3keley, Kitsap County, this afternoon,
Charles Miller, a seaman of the coasting
freighter, Laura Madson, while in a
drunken condition, murdered his wife,
shooting her through the head.
Mrs. Miller lingered about an hour, dy
ing aboard the steamer while en route to
Seattle, whither she was being brougnt
• for treatment.
After this murderous assault upon his
wife Miller turned the weapon upon him
self, inflicting two wounds about the head,
which may prove fatal. He is now under
arrest.
Justice of the Peace Duelly stated that
Mrs. Miller had for several months lived
in fear of her life because of her husband's
frequent threats to kill her. With the
repot t of the murder 300 Port Blakeley
millhands surrounded the house where
the crime was committed, threatening to
lynch the murderer, and they desisted
only upon learning that Miller himself
was in a dying condition. When found
he was lying prostrate across the body of
bis wife. Mr. and Mrs. Miller have one
child, now crossing the Pacific on a steamer
from Japan.
SAN BERNARDINO GOLD.
Quartz Lead Struck by a Man Who Was
Dgging a Ditch Upon His
Homestead. ,
SANTA MONICA, Cal., Feb. 22.—
Thomas Liljegren has just arrived from a
point fifty miles up the coast in a rather
mountainous and unsettled section of San
Bernardino County. There he bad filed
upon a homestead claim, bur. a dis
covery made while improving his prop
erty caused him to change his mind re
garding tbe uses to which he would put it.
•In cutting a ditch for irrigation pur
poses be drove squarely through a vein
of gold-bearing quartz, which runs well in
copper also. This bonanza, as he believes
it to be, is not more than two feet from
the surface and runs at right angles with
the work. He prospected further both
ways from the first discovery, and the
vein was as large at other points. He has
come to Santa Monica to make arrange
ments to more thoroughly prospect and
develop bis find, and with him will return
two otner men whom he has interested in
th« prospect.
This discovery is in a section of San
Bernardino County little prospected, but
years ago it was said by old California
miners to contain gold. Mr. Liljegren is
a painter by trade, and has been working
here for a year or more for means where
with to establish a home. '7*.
JVXKETERS *AT _(_l_V JOSE.
Legislators Favor Removing Whittier
Girls to Santa Clara. '$
SAN JOSE. Cal.. Feb. 22.— The com
mittee appointed by the Legislature to
inspect the State institutions, and which
arrived in this city last evening, this
morning visited Agnews Insane Asylum
and the grounds of the old Home for
Feeble-minded Children at Santa Clara.
The conduct of affairs was praised and
highly commended. It was the general
view of the members that the feeble
minded home property was suited for a
home for wayward girls and that the wel
fare of the girls would bo greatly bene
fited by their removal from Whittier. The
committee visited tue Normal School and
inspected the proposed site on the grounds
requested of the State for a high school.
The committee left for Sacramento tbis
afternoon.
Close of the Bulb Show
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 22.— The bulb
show of the Santa Clara County Floral
Society in Turn Verein Hall closed this
evening. The exhibit was the best ever
held on ihe coast and proved a success
financially ana otherwise. . There was a
large attendance this afternoon and even
ing. Splendid musical programmes were
rendered. Mrs. Schultz, Miss Erna
Schnabel and Mrs. S. W. Boring had
charge of the programme this afternoon,
and the evening's en tertainmen t was under
the. direction of Mrs. C. D. Wright, Mrs.
H. J-orimer and Miss Lizzie Abbott.
Happy Badgers Celebrate.
SAN JOSE, Cai,., Feb. 22.— The Society
of Happy Badgers, composed of natives
and ex-residents of Wisconsin, celebrated
Washington's birthday with apnropriate
exercises and a dinner at the Unitarian
church. President C. H. Allen presided.
About 150 Badgers were present. After
the exercises and feast a reunion was
held and the participants divided into
groups and' related incidents of life in
Wisconsin. "i^?-*
Death of Fierce Bowden.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 22.— Pierce Bow
den, an old resident of this county, died at
the residence of bis daughter, Mrs. Mary
A. Carroll, in this city yesterday. He was
a native of County Kilkenny, Ireland, and
87 years of age. He came to America in
1846 and to California in 1876. He was the
rather of William A. Bowden and Nicholas
Bowden, attorneys, of tbis city. He will
be buried to-morrow morning. *
Will Give .Minstrel Shows.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 22.— The Garden
City Cyclers' Minstrels have reorganized
and intend to make a two weeks' tour. of
the towns along the coast this spring. A
special car will be chartered and the com
pany will play at Redwood City, Menlo
Park, Gilroy, Santa Cruz, Salinas," Watson
ville and liolli-ter. •- . \
The Deadlock at Salem.
SALEM, Or., Feb. 22.— The rollcall of
the joint assembly to-day showed only 33
present. Mitchell has virtually with
drawn from the contest and an organiza
tion with Jonathan Bourne as Speaker
will likely take place to-morrow. Mitch
ell's forces are now breaking away and
when enough decide to leave him out
organization and the election of some
other Republican will take place. The
victory will be with the "stayouts."
Stanford Defeats Santa Cruz.
SANTAS CRUZ, Cal,, Feb. 22,-The
Stanford.! and the Santa Cruz Electrics
played eight innings of baseball this after
noon at Vue de l'Eau Park without a run.
In the ninth Stanford made five in quick
order and Santa Cruz failed to score. The
game was without special features, though
the . teams worked hard. ••Billy". Lar.ge,
Stanford's coach, umpired satisfactorily.
To-night the visitors were entertained by
Mr. and Mrs. E. B. Pixley of the Pacific
Ocean House at a social hop.
PIUTE INDIANS
THREATEN WAR
! Murder of a Brave Causes
Trouble on a Nevada
Reservation.
Yerington Citizens Call Upon
Governor Sadler to Send
Assistance.
f
Belligerent Redskins Cowed by a
Slight Display of Military
Force.
CARSON, Nicy., Feb. 22.— The Piute and
Shoshone Indians on the reservation near
Pyramid Lakes were reported to be in a
belligerent mood this morning, but a
slight display of force by the State author
ities cooled them down, and all is quiet
to-night. The first intimation, of trouble
came in the form of a message to Gover
nor^Sadler, which read as follows:
Yeeington, Nev., Feb. 20.
- Governor Sadler, Carson: Indians have threat
ened to burn and kill all whites within reacn
ol the valley. Send us fifty men by special
train and fifty extra stands of arms. By order
of citizens' committee.
Yferringti^ is a small station on the
Carson and Colorado narrow-gauge, thirty
miles from this .'city. At Mason Valley,
near Yerington. three white men met an
Indian and two squaws a few days ago
and attempted to kidnap the women. The
buck interfered and was struck over the
head with an iron bar and killed. * The
local authorities released the murderers
after a perfunctory examination and the
Piutes determined to punish the whites in
their own way. The squaws were sent
away from the valley and the settlers fled
pellmell to Yerington and wired for as
sistance.
Adjutant- General Galucha was dis
patched to Yerington with instructions to
report on the situation immediately, and
the State National Guard was placed un
der arms at Virginia City. This evening
reports of a pacific nature were received
from the reservation and the guard was
dismissed. The fighting bucks do not
number more than 100 and could easily be
dispersed by. the Mason Valley cowboys,
who are well armed and always ready for
trouble. 7:7 -
TROOFS IX REaDIXESS.
Prepared to Leave Virginia City at a
Moment's Xotiee.
VIRGINIA CITY, Nev., Feb. 22 —
Colonel F. C. Lord, commanding officer of
the First Regiment, N. N. G., received the
following dispatch this morning:
. Carson, Feb. 22.
Colonel N. C. Lord: Hold one company of
your command in readiness for active service
at a moment's notice. It is reported there Is
a serious . outbreak in Mason Valley. I go
to Wabuska on this morning's train.
Have filtv muskets ready for shipment
at once. The Governor has received following
message: "Indians have threatened to burn
all the property and kill all of the white men
and women within reach of this valley. Send
us fifty men by special train and fifty stand of
arm!- as soon as possible." I will wire from
Wabuska
C. A. Galusha, Adjutant-General.
Colonel Lord immediately ordered the
following details from the three focal
companies *of the National Guard: Com
pany A, one officer and twenty men; Com
pany B. captain, first lieutenant and
thirty man ; Battery. A, one officer and
ten men. The_officers selected to com
mand the details were ordered to have
their men equipped in marching order for
field service. .; i*- =: - ..
Besides the rifles carried by his com
mand,, the colonel ordered fifty stands of
rifles and ammunition boxed up ready for
shipment, to arm the settlers of the valley.
Colonel Lord will take command in person
of the detachment of troops from this
place, should their services be needed.
Should the situation become serious
enough to warrant, the full strength of the
First Regiment will be ordered to the
front. ..;• .
The number of Indians m the State, in
cluding the Washoes, is about 6000. Of
this number about 4000 are Piutes. There
are 2500 Piutes on the Pyramid Lake and
. _ TEW to-pat:
A Wonderful Medicine
for Billons and Nervous dlsorders.such as Wind
and Pain ln the Stomach, Sick Headache, Giddi-
ness, Fullness and Swelling after meals, Dizzi-
ness and Drowsiness, Cold Chills, Flushings of
Heat, Loss ot Appetite, Shortness of Breath, Cos-
tlvenese, Blotches on the Skin, Disturbed Sleep,
frightful Dreams, and all Nervous and Tremb-
ling Sensations, Ac., when these symptoms are
caused by constipation, as most of them are.
THE FIRST DOSE WILL GIVE RELIEF IN TWENTY
MINUTES. This ls no fiction. Every sufferer is
earnestly invited to try one Box of these Pills
And they will ho acknowledged to be
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
BEE( HAMS PILLS, taken as directed,
will quickly restore Females to complete health.
They promptly remove obstructions or Irregu-
larities of tho system. For a
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
they act like magic— a few doses will work won-
ders upon the Vital Organs; strengthening the
muscular system, restoring the long-lost com-
plexion, bringing back the keen edge of appe- i
tite, and ; arousing with the Rosebud of
| Health the -whole physical energy of
' the human frame. These are facts admitted by
thousands, in all classes of, society, and one of
the best guarantees to the Nervous and Debili-
tated Is that Kcccham'S Pills have the
Largest Sale of any. Patent -"ledlei-*-
-to the World.
-WITHOUT A RIVAL.
Annual Sales more tharr 6,000,000 Boxes
25c at Drug Stores, or will be sent by V.lk
Agents. B. F.ALLEN CO., 363 Canal St., New
lork, post paid, upon receipt of price. Book
free upon application. '
DR.MCNULTY:
HMIIS WELL-KNOW**! AND RKLIABLE OMj
™.~£__ V,^curcs Private.Nervous.llloodaiid Skin
£?2 ?° fMp " onl »- Manly Power re.tore.l. Over
:,', p: . lr *<'** P eriei,<, e- Send for Book.free. :* Patient*
Vi,.c •_ .'"l, 1 ;. Terms reasonable. Hours, 9 to;!
Hnns■»•p..• 8 V!:, ■ Sundays, 10 to 12. Consulta-
tion tree and sacredly couflden Ual. Call or address
MI , .J*' EOSCOE McSCLTT. M. _»..
SB's Kearny Street, San Francisco. Cal.
Walker River, reservations. The number
located in Mason Valley is. only 150/ but
this number would, in tbaeventof trouble,
be augmented by a great force from the
Walker River Reservation, which is ad
jacent to Mason Valley. Pyramid Lake,
the other large reservation, is about sixty
mile's from Mason "Valley.
p A dispatch from Carson said there was
a possibility of the militia demurring to
the call made upon them on account of
the State having failed to make provision
for the maintenance of the militia since
1895. There is no danger of the Virginia
City Guards failing jto turn out. All
troops called for were under arms within
a half-hour after l ha arrival of the adju
tant-general'sMlispatches this morning.
The operator at the Virginia and Truckee
depot caught a dispatch Hashed over the
wires this afternoon from Wabuska, stat
ing that 300 lives in Mason Valley were in
jeopardy. ".-•"7 7 .
Wabuska is the railroad station nearest
to Yerington. the chief town of Mason
Valley. The Virginia and Truckee Rail
road has a locomotive in readiness at the
depot here to take troops to Mound House,
the junction point for Wabuska. at a mo
ment's notice. There is another locomo
tive in readiness at Mound House. ■
QUIET AT I RRISGIOS.
The Town Is Xot in Danger of an At
tack From the Indians.
YERINGTON, Nev., Feb. 22.— The ex
citement here over the threatened Piute
uprising has abated somewhat to-night.
A Coroner's jury is now investigating the
killing of the brave who died yesterday,
and justice may be meted out to his mur
derers, as the attention of high officials
has been directed toward the affair.
Large numbers of Indians congregated
during the night from Smith Valley, Pyr
amid Lake and Walker River reservation.
Most of the women and children of Yer
ington sought refuge in the stone building
of Senator Leaviit The Piutes threat
ened . to burn the town and kill the citi
zens. . ", . . .
At midnight two Indian policemen from
Walker River reservation arrived, bring
ing a letter from Agent Ellis to the local
officer, asking that the murderers be held
until he arrived, but they had already
been liberated. The policemen, after tak
ing supper, went over to the mourners'
. J**\ TRUE
f_, \ MANLINESS
a RESTORED.
RESTORED.
_-'^^(pS____3pF^~^y^i_> Excesses of early youth, careless and intem-
s&mF7fiSsffl WSM&/>, perate livingand inherited tendencies all com-
!x^JF(3aWs*i&» <^^^&>- bine io make thousands of men in the middle
i C^^ J M*^'^,^^■yy//ii^^^^ , ai?e, who should b.- m the prime of life and in
the enjoyment of their greatest manly vigor.
%4&&m^Wymlr\^ W-^ffiislP . old, enfeebled and pitiable spectacles of wasted
_^#«MvsJj^ manhood. The world has no use for the puny,
V^m^^ill^^^^mmmmX-^^-^^^^^^ debilitated man. Only the manly man in the
__ _ ___ „,,. . ~ fu!l visor of his magnetic manhood makes
DOC OR SWEANY, everybody happy around him. Sparking
_.. __, -, . .. » _._,-.--,_■' p. eyes, a quick-beating heart and the rosy blush
Whose Reputation Is Established by of pleasure greet him wherever he goes. His
Ten Years of Unparalleled Success touch thrills because it is full of energy and
at 737 Market Street, San Francisco nerve force.
7. '■'•■'■ '■-*• . • ■ • . . To all those who are worn out.who would have
the vigorous spark of youth restored, and would have life given back to them again with all
its pleasures and possibilities In the fullest degree; to all those who find themselves lacking
the manly qualities of courage, endurance, perseverance and magnetic power there is hop*
hope for even the mo-*t severe cases— by consulting DR. SWEANY, who has been all his profes-
sional life relieving afflicted mankind to such a successful extent that "he cures when all
others fail." > v •>-.
I VHIINP MFII If ' ou hft indulged in early indiscretions and a«i a consequence have
11/UnU 111 & lli losses, exhausting drains, pimples, bashfulness, aversion to society a
tired, siupiJ, bloomy feeling and failing of memoiy, lack of vigor, absolutely unfitting you
for study, busines-i or marriage, do not neglect yourself until too late. Do "not allow false
| pride and sham modesty to deter you in seeking immediate relief. Get cured and be a man.
l/fIRIPpfIPEI _C Hydrocele, Pile., Fistula, Weak Organs. Swellings and tenderness of
V v 811 UUU I- !_._■■ the organs and glands treated with unfailing success.
DHOTI IRC New method, sure cure, painless treatment, no detention from work, no
pflUt I U Ilk* experiment s, no truss. A. positive, certain and permanent cure.
'• QDEPIAI Diseases, Tenderness, Swelling, Contagious Blood Poison, Stricture, etc., quickly
; OrCUInU cured without pain or detention from business.:
I 'A. I^l p ''will receive special and careful , treatment for all their many ail-
WJ&I E? I T Br. if away from the city, as DOCTOR SWEANY has a system of home treat-
ww W\ I a {___■ ment that is entirely his own. Thousands are cured at home. Book,
"Guide to Health," a treatise on ail the organs and their disease., free on application. Strictest
confidence observed. Cail or address
F*. __L_. S^l7s7"_E___-knJ'S', _*/__.!_».
737 3VC_--_-- : l.--__;-E.'Z l STnSEiT.
7. (OPPOSITE EXAWiNF.R OFFICII). SAN* FRANCISCO. CAI,.
" I had what the doctors call indigestion, said the groceryman, " and
I suffered from it day and. night. I tried several doctors, took electric
treatment, in fact everything that I could hear of, but nothing did me any
good and I made up roy mind there was no help for me only to grin and •
bear it. One day, however, I bought a box of
RIPANS TABULES
and it seems to me the first dose tock effect. I have been taking them
ever since whenever occasion arises, which is not often, and they have .
surely worked wonders with me. When I look back on the past and '.'
then on my present condition, it seems to me that lam a new man. I
am enjoying elegant health now, but I must say that Ripans.Tabules
were a God-send."
I MARTIN'S CHEAT Pi CURER
OF THE HGE
IS A CERTAIN CURE FOR
Rheumatism, Neuralgia, Pains in General, Dyspepsia, Dysen-
tery, Cholera Morbus, Diphtheria. Sore Throat, Pneumonia,
Nervous Complaints, Liver ana Kidney Complaints, Sciatica,
Lumbago, Colds, Coughs, Local and General Debility, Head-
ache, Earache, Toothache, Sickness in Stomach, Backache,
Burns, Swellings, Boils, Sores, Ulcers, Colic," Cramps, Sprains,
Bruises, Scalds, Wounds, Indigestion, Skin Diseases, Excessive
Itchings and many other complaints too numerous to name here.
PRICE, 25c, 50c, $1.00 PER BOTTLE. \
L. OALLISCH, Wholesale Agent for the Pacific Coast, San Jose, Cal. •
For Bale by all druggists. The trade supplied by Reding^n & Co., Mack A Co. and
Langley-i Michaels, San Franc_*». ■ •«.•»«
camp and had a long talk with, the
Piutes to pacify them.
The military showing made to-day
seems to have "frightened the braves and
they are quiet to-night. . •.;•<'•*-'•:•-!
•-. :
Los Angeles Field Day.
LOS ANGELES, Cal.. Feb. 22.— The
fifth annual field day of the Southern
California Intercollegiate Athletic Asso
ciation was held here this afternoon. The
summary follows:
100-yard dash— H. L. Avery, Pomona, won ;
E. O. Edgerton, U. S. C, second. Time :13 1-5.
Throwing 16-pound hammer— E. A. Fuller,
Chaffey, won ; L. M. Johnson, Pomona, sec
ond. 100 feet 4 inches.
440-yard dash— E. E. Elliott, U. S. C. won;
R. I*. Zolman, Pomona, second. Time, :55 4-5*
Running nigh jump— A. O. Marti-. U. S. C.
won; A. R. Condit, Pomona, second. 5 feet
4J_ Inches.
One-mile bicycle race— A. Y. Gordon Po
mona, won; D. B. Cromwell, Occidental' sec
ond. Time, 2 :20 3-5. ' C
220-yard dash— H. L. Avery, Pomona, won-
L. S. Francis, Chuffey, Occidental, second'
Time, :21 3-5.
Polo vault— H. L. Sloan. Pomona, won; Her
bert Coulter, Chaffey, second. 9 feet.
50-yard dash— Ray. Cree, Cnaffev, and E. O
Edgerton, U. S. C, tied. Time, :05 3-5.
Putting lli-pound shot M. Johnson, Po
mona, won ; R, W. Avery, U. S. C, second. 35
feel 11 Inches.
Two-mile bicycle race— A. Y. Gordon, Po
mona, won; D. B. Cromwell, Occidental, sec
oud. Time, s:o4*<.
One-mile run— if. E. Elliott, U. S. C. won;
H. M. Voorhees, Pomona, second. Time, 4:5 _.
FOOD COFFEE.
A HEALTHY FAMILY
Will Be the Result.
HART, Mich.— Postum Cereal Co., Lim.,
Battle Cre6k, Mich. Gents: Please send
me $2.00 worth of Postum by express; in-
closed find money order for same.
My family all like it; no more coffee for
us. Yours truly, J. A. Collier.
A reliable grocer will never offer a cheap
or weak imitation of a genuine original
article because he happens to make a little
extra profit. But it is well to observe,
when genuine Postum Cereal coffee is or-
dered, that you get turn and not a spu-
rious imitation offered as "just as gpod."FITZ CASTS
BOUQUETS
AT JIM
Tears He Cannot Sprint
• ' Fast Enough to Whip
the Champion.
WILL WIN IF RUNNING
IS BARRED.
Intends to Demonstrate That He
Can Thrash a D z n
Corbetis.
.THE SAN FRANCISCAN WANTS
MORE TRAINERS.
• While McVey Is 111, H* Is Losing
°, . tile Benefits Der ved From
f\. Wrestling Bus.
CARSON, Net., Feb. 22.— This being a
' holiday, there was little to denote in Car
' son that anything out of the ordinary was
; about to happen here, unless one chose to
take* a ride out to the training-quarters of
: either Corbett or Fitz-irnraons. It was
like a Sunday in town. All of the principal
business houses were closed and flags
• floated heroically from the roofs of the
.mint, postoffice, capitol and other public
buildings.
'=•„ Now. that both of the big pugilists have
arrived in town and have been seen by
tiie multitude the excitement attendant
upon the expectancy accompanying an oc
casion of the present magnitude has sub
sided to a remarkable degree. It is no
doubt destined to experience a lull for a
fortnight or so. The only inquiries heard
on the streets now are in reference to the
health and behavior of the men stationed
Out at the training quarters.
- .True, rumors are constantly coming in
to the effect that either Corbett or Fitz
simmons has broken an arm or bowed a
tendon while engaged in his practice
work with trainers, but these invariably
prove to be without foundation.
, "For instance, the early risers this
•.morning were told that Fitzsimmons
;.w»s -on his back with a slight ,
attack of pneumonia, as the result of his
carelessness in exposing himself to the
'chilling atmosphere of the Sierra Nevada
J while journeying to Carson. A trip to the
• Cook ranch resulted in finding the Corn- j
. ;ishman"cbasing yellow chickens through
the sn'bw and enjoying himself generally
". i ."Me. laid up?" lie echoed. "Not much.
• I am -feel ing great and enjoy this crisp at
••'mpsphere hugely. You see, 1 am used to
k. it*. 1. have just come out of Colorado and
V'S alt. Lake, where they live on rare atmos
*--p|ier.e, and have had a chance to accustom
.myself to it. In fact, I prefer high alti
..tudes. .1 think they agres with me and
giVe:'tny lungs a better opportunity to ex
, pand*. -
.-. '/If I should get whipped on St.
V-P-atriek's day it will not be because of my
■inability to stand a long race. Mr. Corbett
• will have to beat me in short order if he
= .wants to win at all. He has the reputa
tion o-f being a long-winded fighter, but he
''wVj.iin'd the tables turned on him this
lime if he elects to string it out.
"•.'.' l am ready for him, no matter what
''.soft*. of a game he presents to me. ' He
•nj lakes. a great fuss about telling the world
■jt) general how he has studied my meth
ods and how he can block my favorite
jb'tows. Now, I don' t propose to tell any
j bod yC just how I propose to meet him, but
-.1 will pet a new hat that he will regret
every thin 2 he ever uttered regarding his
.'knowledge of my ring tactics. 1 have
-.never fought two men alike..
'■ I always adopt my methods to fit the
; style of my opponent. That is all lam
g.oi-*rrg to say about the matter. Corbeit
-.cain 'talk and write aboni his alleged new
; blows and his programme for thumping
.me put of the championship, but he will
.find that he has been talking ancient his
tory. I have a surprise or two in store for
L.m.
•'*. "All I ask is that be shall stand up and
'fight and not expect me to footrace with
him. lam a pretty good runner myself,
-bin- 1 don't consider myself in his class at
that game. lam a fighter, and I expect
to have a fight on the 17th of March. If
'be .uns away he is not fighting, and
Under no circumstances should be en
. titled to the championship.
' . 'I want to win this fight clean and
'■ )i_re, so that there will be absolutely no
aftermath to the story except the ease and
dV? aw... with which i disposed of him. I
,'a'ih .going to win — there is not a shadow of
ja; dodbt about that — and I want to do in
a*- manner that will convince everybody
that I am the superior of a dozen such
. men as C-rbett." ■'■{. ' >■ J.
:-. Filzsimmons did not go to the trouble
.6.1 exerting much in the training line to
day.* His trainers had to convince him
• that be should get out and work for at
• ljea'st a'few hours, but the Cornishman in
"fr}*"-,iab!y replied that there was plenty of
, time, and, besiae*s this was a holiday that
•""every "American citizen should respect.
Fi't^simnions prides himself on his citl
.ze*oship, even though it was but recently
-obtained through the application for the
• -necessary papers. He scoffs at Corbett'e
. appeal-- for sympathy to the American
'. p.ublic because of his nativity and declares
/that the' Cali ornian has now no more
'..right to claim that he is to defend the
.American flag in the ring than himself.
. 'I am au American citizen," -aid Fits
.*im.«nons to-duy. "1 furthermore, am
' .the American champion and the cham
pion pugilist of the world. I'll confess
that Corbstt held the championship after
. be defeated poor old John L. Sullivan;
•but -then you must remember that in
order to avoid a meeting with rile he sur
rendered the title and tendered it to Peter
Mther, who was then matched to fight
Pi *
. ll'orbett hoped that Maher would best
BjA so tbat he could turn around and say
that I had succumbed to a second-rater,
and would have to get a reputation before
I could get a battle with the alleged cham
pion. But you will, also, probably re
member that I whipped Maher practically
■rith on. punch. X
"That "transferred the title of champion
MR. CORBETT WRITES AGAIN.
v CARSON, Nev., Feb. 22, 1897.
Editor Examiner-Journil, New York and San Francisco :
Here goes for another exclusive. I can whip Fitzsimmons.
It's true, of course, that Fitzsimmons whipped Sharkey and that Sharkey
would have whipped me if he'd been let alone, but that doesn't count.
I wasn't so sure that I could whip Fitzsimmons until 1 read in yesterday's CALL
that he was ill. I felt better myself right away.
By the way, I want to tell you that THE CALL is doing us up. We get the
letters and they get the news. Couldn't you turn on a little more gray matter and
energy and get us up with the procession ?
I had pancakes for breakfast to-day (exclusive).
I think I ought to have an assistant up here. If I don't I'll soon be do wn with
brain fag. This thing of writing a lot about nothing every day has a fearful effect
on one's intellect.
It hurts me to think of the raw work you've been doing since I came up here,
and I'm half tempted to drop a line to his Softness— which is — about your
coarseness.
On Sunday we had a man out in San Francisco pasting bills on the fences,
which bills were to tell the public of your great enterprise in getting me and Fitz for
special correspondents. Now, there's no doubt thai you crowned yourselves with
honor and glory when you got the aforesaid on the staff, but on the dead quiet you
didn't have to paste those bills on Sunday, did you?
Of course it's all right to snub the church cranks who won't put up a bean for
the fight, but why do it at this time? Haven't we trouble enough with the Monitor
jumping on us for desecrating St. Patrick's day? Well, I guess.
I ran ten yards without stopping to-day (exclusive).
Here's^ something else that's rather raw. I've been here a week at least and
you haven t sent a lady reporter to write me up. You were speedy enough when
Butler was arrested and you've had other murderers written up by ladies until some
of us have got to thinking that you care more for murderers than you do for pugs.
Now mind, if I'm not written up by a lady within a week's time, his Softness gets a
I will eat a raw egg before retiring to-night (exclusive).
Now, . m, tired of jawing, which is something remarkable for me, and have
something heavy to say. The railroad is going to charge $16 a ticket for the ride
from ban Francisco to Carson and back. We expect at least 10,000 people up to
see the fight. There will be seats for 17,000, you know. Now 10,000 people at $16
a head is $160,000. That's a nice little figure for the railroad, isn't it? Of course
you don t get any of it. You're booming this thing for the love of sport. That's
what you re doing. And I'm here just because I love fighting, ain't 1?
Maybe you can take a hint.
You've got everybody copyrighted now except Al Smith, the stakeholder. Why
don t you put a barbed- wire muzzle on him ?
I broke a suspender while punching the bag yesterday (copyrighted).
Yours affectionately,
rrz «■* -iVu ;;^ J. exclusive CORBETT.
Let the affidavit follow. JAY.
of the world to me. didn't it? Now,
where does Mr. Corbett come in for his
claims for the championship? He signs
all of his show bills, 'James J. Corbett,
champion of the world,' when in reality I
am the only simon-pure champion.
"But Ido not care to dispute this mat
ter with him at the present time. He can
claim to be tbe President of the United
States if he wants to, but there will be a
different story to tell on the evening of
the 17th of March. I will be square with
him then for all of the indignities he has
attempted to heap upon me."
This afternoon the Cornishman became
more reasonable vith his trainers and con
sented to indulge in some exercise. Hickey
and Roeber chided him about it by telling
him thp.t he was taking the advantage of
the absence of Martin Julian, his manager
and brother-in-law. This "riled" Fitz
simmons and he made an engagement
with both of them for heavy bouts late in
the afternoon.
Immediately after luncheon be ex
pressed a desire to take a jog into town,
and, thinking that he meant it, the train
ers hitched np a buggy and instructed
Fitzsimmons to take a grip on the rear
axle and run behind tbe vehicle. The
Cornishman ran a few hundred yards
through the deep snow and then called a
halt. '77 ■
It was too wet and sloppy, he said, and
getting into the bu-gy he rode into
Carson. He made a few purchases of
underwear and sweaters, and then rode
back to the ranch.
Upon his arrival there he stripped and ,
cuffed Hickey around the gymnasium for
» quarter of an hour, and then seized
Roeber around the neck for a wrestling
bout. 7.7 7.: - *.7
Fitzsimmons alternated with his train
ers until both wore tired out, but did not '
give any evidence of fatigue himself ex
cept for the snuffling resulting from a
light cold he contracted At Salt Lake.
The tall lizhter boasts that no cold ever
clung to him mora than a week, and tbis
being one tbat he considers not severe he
pays practically no attention to it.
After the rub-down Fitzsimmons took
matters easy and declared he would do
no more work until to-morrow. Then, he
says, he intends to begin with a long road
run in spite of the snow and slush. He
argues that a man can cultivate good
wind by running through the snow as
well as by sprinting over dry roads, and
at all events he intends to try the experi
ment.
Corbett put in a quiet day out at Sbaw : s
Springs, but nevertheless it was a day of
hard work and serious training. James
L. went to bed early last night and had a
great sleep. In consequence he arose
strong ana fresh, and ordered out bis
trainers lor tbe day's work. The bulk of
this unpleasant labor fell upon Billy
Woods and Joe Corbett, for big Jack Mc-
Vey, the wrestler, is still sick and unable
to work.
Indeed, it may be a week yet before Mc-
Vey can again don the harness, for the
climate has prostrated him, and he may
have logo through a siege of pneumonia.
Woods was compelled to again don the
pneumatic mask in order to escape a broken
jaw cr other damages to his countenance,
and it was well that he did, for Jim
lashed out bis blows vigorously and sev
eral times sent poor Billy staggering over
against the wall, mask and all. Joe Cor
bett stepped into the breac > when Woods
had enough, and when Joe called time
they all stopped for a few games of hand
ball. After that there was more boxing
and then a rundown before lunch.
In the afternoon this performance was
repealed, but in the presence of a larger
crowd of visitors than called at the springs
during the morning. Corbett is worried
over the lack of exercise he gets because of
the unfortunate illness of McVey.and tele
graphed to his brother, Harry, in San
Francisco this aiternoon to engage Pro
fessor George Miehling, wrestling instruc
tor of the Olympic Club, or Vincent
White, if possible, to rake McVoy's place
until he recovers.;.. I
Corbett says that wrestling is one of the
most important features of bis training,
and he cannot shape himself for the fight
without it. The pulling and hauling he
gets by this metboi harden him for the
clinches which he expects will play an
important part in the coming contest.
The "champ"' was overjoyed to-night
by the receipt of news that hi« wife and
sister would leave San Francisco for Car
son next Friday evening. He says he is
lonesome and believes that the presence
of the ladies will add new life to tbe
training quarters. Mrs. Corbett will su
perintend the cooking of all of Jim's
meals. It is not known whether or not
she will remain here until the 17ih of
March. pjJfWWtfSHBWS
Ground was broken this morning for
Dan Stuart's mammoth amphitheater. A
number of men provided with teams at
tached to "V" scrapers went to work at
daylight and by tbis . afternoon had the
site completely cleared of snow. Then
a stake was driven in the center of the in
closure and a horse and plow attached to
a rope 150 feet long were sent around in a
circle.
This marked off the size of the proposed
building— Boo feet in diameter— -and the
work of laying the foundation began right
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY,: FEBRUARY 23, 1897.
\ away. Carload after carload of lumber
j has been coming in all the afternoon, and
! It is thought that by to-morrow night all
j will be in readiness to put the uprights in
, position.
The plans for the bnildmg have been
j ordered changed by Stuart, so that the
i box seats adjoining the ring will be placed
on an incline similar to the reserved rows.
The original design provided for the plac
i ing of the boxes on a level plane for a dis
tance of thirty feet back of the ring on
; each of the eight sides of the building.
Orders for box seats are coming in so
rapidly, regardless of cost, that the space
i for them will have to be widened, and in
! order that all of the high-priced seat
' holders may have an unobstructed view
it was found necessary to raise the seats
\ on tiers.
Under the new plan each row of boxes
j will be ten inches higher than the one in
I front of it and that means that nobody in
i the house will be deprived of a full view
|of the stage. W. K. Wheelock, Smart's
' chief lieutenant, says that nearly 4000
p box seats have been spoken for already.
Dan Smart to-day dispatched Al Smith
on a still hunt for his hard-fisted name-
I sake, "Mysterious" Billy Smith, who will
| be given an opportunity to face George
| Green of San Francisco on March 16.
j Smith is looking for a match and has fre
quently tried to get one with Green.
j Stuart thinks the men are about of equal
'■ ability and is willing that they should
! open the great carnival.
; One pair of heavy-weights will satisfy
j the, Texan sport, but he has a notion of
I signing a couple of light or bantam
'weights to round out the carnival. Who
they will be nobody can say until the
. directo: -general is able to attend to busi
-1 ness. He received a ntimb-r of callers to
! day and is in much better spirits than at
any time during his illness.
Secretary Wheelock has on file letters
! from men of more or less prominence in
every State in the Union asking that
women be admitted to the carnival. The
majority reason that, as the glove contest
will be held under State license and pro
tection, ladies have as much right to ad
mission as they now enjoy at theaters.
Their presence would tend to preserve
order and give tone to the performance.
A meeting of Stuart'- aavisors will shortly
be held to consider the matter.
Forecast officials ventured on the street
to-day without fear. The thermometer
ranged from 8 below zero at daybreak up
to 40 above 4 p. m.
When the sun dipped behind the Sierras
ice began to form, and a fall to 15 below is
predicted for the night. At tbis rate the
snow will last four weeks, but warm
weather is certain to follow when the
wind shifts from the northeast, where it
has held steadily for several days.
STOPPED WITH A BULLET.
Deputy Shtr.ff Timmms of Fresno Kills a
Horsethisf Jim D.-n man's Costly
Break for Liberty.
FRESNO, Cal., Feb. 22.— James Den
man, a horsetbief, was shot and killed by
Deputy Sheriff L. P. Timmins to-night in
the Courthouse park while attempting to
escape from the officer, who had placed
him under arrest. Deuman lived only a
lew minutes after being shot. The bullet
hit him in the back of the head, crashed
through the brain and came out over the
left eye. 7/7
Denman is known to have been guilty
of several thefts of horses and cattle in
Kings County, and was a man whom the
officer** always had i their eyes on. The
charge on which D-puiy Sheriff Timmins
arrested him to-night was that of stealing
a band of horses about two month ago
from R. B. Butler's pasture, at Wild
flower, in the southern part of the county.
Timmins found Denman in the New
Palm Garden, a saloon at the corner of J
and Fresno streets, at 9 o'clock to-night.
The officer placed the hor-ethief under
arrest and started with him for the jail,
which is located just back of the Court
house. As the Deputy Sheriff with his
prisoner entered the walk which leads to
the Jail at the southwest corner of the
park Denman began turning his head and
looking back. The Deputy Sheriff warned
him to look straight ahead.
A moment later Denman wheeled
around and ran. Deputy Sheriff Timmins
is lame and unable to sprint. He pulled
his pistol and commanded the fugitive ;o
halt. Denman paid no heed and the of
ficer called to him a second time with the
warning tbat be would shoot.
The horsethief did not stop and then
Timmins fired, Denman being about
twenty feet distant. The deputy's aim
was good, for he hit the fugitive the first
shot. Denman fell . headlong on the
ground and uttered not a word. The
officer called for a hack as quickly as . pos
sible to take the injured man to jail, but
he died just as he was' being carried into
the prison. He made no statement before
he died.
* — ■*> — •
"Your Good Health."
Drink the toast ln a bottle of Evans' India
Pale Ale or Brown Stout, The best health in
surance, Sherwood <_ Sherwood, Pacific Coast
Agents. ••■
ON PLACID WATERS
HUNDREDS REVEL
San Diego and Her Guests
Observe the Nation's
Holiday.
The Goddess of the Fete Presides
Over a Gala Demonstration
At Night.
Fighting M:n of Army and. Navy
Review d by R a -Admiral
Beards. e.\
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Feb. 22.--As the. big
clock in the cout house tower rang the
hour of noon to-day there was a flash of
flame and smoke from tbe port side of the
flagship cruiser Philadelphia and a mo
ment later a deafening report rang out.
Ii was the first of the salute of twenty
one guns from each of the ships of the
North Pacific squadron now in port in
honor of the first President of the United
States, whose birthday San Dieeo to-day
celebrated with the grandest water carni
val ever witnessed on ibis coast.
The scene on the bay as the Philadel
phia fired her first shot was one of gran
deur and sublimity. Not a cloud in the
blue sky obscured even for a moment the
warm rays of a southern sun.
The wind blowing gently from the west
ruffled the surface of the water into a
million wavelets, each separate crest dia
mond-tipped and sparkling with nature's
own jewels. On the broad bosom of the
bay floated the mighty machines whose
construction was designed for war rather
than for peaceful celebrations.
Ten thousand flags, pennants and ban
ners floated in the wind. Just off the
Santa Fe wharf lay the big flagship Phila
delphia, the flower of the fleet, with the
ad miral's pennant floating gracefully from
her masthead.
To the westward, up the bay, was the
big monitor Montery, a magnificent arch
running from bow to stern, its apex touch
ing the topmast and its enas dipping into
the sea. From this arch fluttered a
hundred pennants, while all around
hung strings and festoons of Japanese
lanterns and electric lights, ready to do
their part in the brilliant spectacular dis
play that opened with the nightfall. Be
yond the Monterey lay the British cruiser
Comus, with flags and pennants
flying, and 200 sturdy men and
true upon her main decks, ready at the
word of command to lire a royal salute in
democratic waters in honor of the man of
all others who was responsible for the
severance of the ties which bound this
nation to theirs.
To the eastward, in succession, lay the
monitor Monadnock, the United States
steamers Albatross and Corwin ana the
gunboat Marion, all their rigging deco
rated in gala attire and with flags flying
at every masthead.
The men were dressed in their neatest
holiday uniforms; the bands on the
decks discoursed their- most magnetic
music; the wharves- were lined with spec
tators, all straining their ears to catch the
sound of the first order, or their eyes to
see the first puff of smoke from the big
guns.
At 11:59 o'clock all was as silent as a
farmhouse at midnight. The next moment
an officer on the bridge of the Philadel
phia stepped forward and gave a com
mand to the gunner. Flash! boom l boom 1
and the vast crowd on shore cheered and
veiled as though a real battle had been
fought and America had won the victory.
The shot from the Philadelphia was
answered by a broadside from the Comus,
and a minute later the firing became gen
eral for a mile along the water front,
where the vessels were anchored. Then
the dense white cloud of smoke lifted, and
the crowds dispersed to their dining-rooms
and those ot their neighbors.
At 2 o'clock those not on military duty
returned and assembled along D street to
witness the great street parade, which
started promptly nt 2 o'clock from India
and D street*, under the leadership of
Grand Marshal Colonel A. G. Gassen. ■ '
It bad been generally expected that the
crew of the British gunboat Comus would
march in the parade, permission to this
effect having been received by Captain
Dyke from Admiral Palliser of the Pacific
squadron. *. r
At noon, however, a final message was
received irom Sir Julian Pauncefote, Brit
ish Ambassador at Washington, stating
that, while no international breach or
etiquette would be committed, still the
fact of permitting foreign troops to
march on American soil as an armed
force was unprecedented, and it was not
deemed advisable to permit it to be done.
Captain Dyke reluctantly conveyed this
intelligence to Mayor Carlson and Grand
Marshal Gassen, and there being no help
for it they were compelled to submit.
"Ten Thousand Miles Away."
The many patrons of Morosco's brand Opera
house were yesterday treated to a revival of
Oliver Byron's play, entitled, "Ten Thousand
Miles Away," which bids fair to enjoy a very
successful -run. It is constructed upon ortho- j
dox inclodrp' malic lines and affords free scope I
for the varied talents of Mr. Morosco's stock
company. Humor, pathos, tragedy and com- }
edy are combined in wholesome proportions.
The situation)* are thrilling or ludicrous, as i
the c«se ma y be, and vice receives a terrible
object-lesson. Young Bert Morrison, in the I
role of Harper, the head turnkey, did excel
lent work, and proved conclusively to his ad
mirers that his choice of a profession was well
advlted. Of the very extensive cast which
gives the play au interpretation, Mortimer
Know, as Joe Ferris, the Ferret, and Lorena
Atwood, as Louise Goodwin, won the sympa
thy of their audience, while Pierson.as the in
dispensible .villain, Adderly, aroused the
proper degree of detestation. The specialties
oft. .1. Heron, Frank Montrose, Nat *>". Wills,
Arline Watt- and Lottie Williams werj so
much enjoyed, and the remaining characters
were in capable hands. .
Sousa's Band.
, Sousa's Band opens at the California
Theater next Thursday and will no doubt
be greeted by a largo house, as the popular
bandmaster always receives a good wel
come in San Francisco. Among tbe soloists
is Herr Franz Hell, the fluegelhorn player,
who was so popular here during the Mid
winter Fair, when ne played with the
Vienna Prater Orchestra. Among the at
tractions promised is a new march by
So USA. *~ 7 •
Hlrschbaoh Benefit*.
The grand testimonial benefit .to Joseph
Hirschbach, the well-known leader, will occur
at the Tivoli Opera-house next Thursday after
noon. Among the features will be an orches
tra of seventy of the most pibtninent mem
bers of the Musical Union, under the direction
ot Curl Meriens. . - '
TURKEY DINNER
ON THE STAGE
Bucolic Scenes Applauded
in "Shore Acres' at
the Baldwin.
Fanny Rice Receives a Warm
Reception at the Colum
bia Theater.
"Saints and Sinners" With Miss J>l.
liff. at the Alcrztr— The
Tivoli's Bill.
"Shore Acres," with the author, James
A. Heme, in the title role, was warmly
received at the Baldwin Theater la"*t
night. The play represents a picture of
rural New* England life which abounds in
touches of homelike, everyday existence.
A turkey dinner is eaten on the stage,
with a real turkey, which fills the theater
with the odor of cooking, the viands
are prepared before the eyes of the audi
ence and other details of life are presented
with minute fidelity. 
Simple and almost commonplace as
most of the action of the play proved to
be, it delighted the auditors, and even tbe
turkey was warmly applauded. The
reasons for this were no doubt the per
fect truth to life of "Shore Acres," both in
I the characters and the way they were put
! on the stage, added to the exquisitely
j artistic acting of James A. Herue himself.
The plot of the play is ot the simplest.
I It is the old story of the girl who runs
I away from home to marry because her
! father wants her to have the wrong man.
; After Helen Berry is cone her father re
| pents, and returning on Christmas eve
I abe is forgiven. The girl's uncle plays a
j conspicuous part in the elopement. Uncle
: Nat Berry is the good genius of the lovers
• and of every on the farm, and he is
| the hero of the one melodramatic scene in
• the play.
Nat and Martin Berry, the brothers who
i farm Shore Acre", are also the lighthouse
j keepers, and when Martin realizes that his
! daughter has eloped and gone to sea with
j a young man who has rejected the ortho
j doxy of the neighborhood he is so scan-
J dalized that a daughter of his should
! marry a believer in D-rwinianism tnat be
i decides to leave the lighthouse in dark
ness and let the brig on which the lovers
sail go to pieces on the rocks. Uncle Nat
finds out his design, and there is a strug
gle in the lighthouse, which ends in Nat
winning the day and l'ghting the lamp.
At times "Shore Acres" recalls mem
ories of "The Old Homestead" ; at other
times the mind of the -spectator wanders
back involuntarily to "The Cricket on the
Hearth." But these resemblances are to
a great extent superficial. The real charm
of "Shore Acres" lies in its character
drawing and its local coloring, which are
studied in every detail from life. The
weakness of the play is in its lack of
drama'.ic'action, whicn makes it drag a
little here and there. It is impossible to
: say too much in praise of James A.
Hearne's acting. 7.7
One long monologue in the first act, in
which he described why his mother was
buried beside the sea, was so simply and
| pathetically delivered that many people
! shed tbe! responsive tear, and the house
I clamored for several minutes to get a
speech, when the curtain went down, but
Mr. Hearne did not respond. All through
the play he was the simple good-hearted
i farmer to the life, a character quite as mi
l teresting, if not quite so vivacious, as Dsn
i man Thompson's role in the "Old Home
j stead."
Most of the star's support was good.
Robert Fischer gave an excellent render
ing of Martin Berry, the stern parent;
James T. Galloway made the most of the
role of Joel Gat the grass-widower, who
was given a "hand-out" at a turkey din
ner, and little Gladys Carotins as Mandv
Gates aroused roars of laughter by the
new and fascinating way in which she de
voured pie and celery.
Grace Gayler Clark was natural and
clever a-* Martin Berry's wife and one of
the most successful characters in the play
was Master Alexander Paul the youthful
son of Martin Berry, whose strict ortho
doxy in matters of Sunday-school training,
added to a consuming desire to wear Ions!
pants, endeared him to the audience. The
other Berry child ten acted prettily. Lucy
Morrow as the Helen Berry might have
improved her part by being less lackad
aisical.
The staging of "Shore Acres" showed
careful and conscientious study in every
de tail. '
Columbia Theater.
Fanny Rice was welcomed last night by an
audience which filled the Columbia Theater.
The play in which she appeared was "At the
French Ball," which has been seen here be
fore, but Fanny Rice always seems able to in
vest anything she perlorms with the charm of
novelty, and the laughter and applause which
greeted her efforts showed how much the audi
ence appreciated her.
"At the French Ball" was written for Fanny
Rice, with a view of giving her every oppor
tunity for the display of hertale-nt-; she has
most of the jokes, and all the situations aro
hers. As people had come to see Fanny Rice
and not the play, this state of things just
fitted in with their tastes.
The story of "At the French Ball" describes
tie adventures of Nancy Patch, a shoemaker's
wife, who becomes discontented with her lot.
She is given an opportunity of seeing the
KTEW TO-DAT
■■Rnßn_-H__l_Bg^__B__B_H_B
lan
UNUSUAL
| OPPOBTUWITY.
if We will continue our great clearance
I sac this week at a loss, as we desire
| to clean out our winter slock to make
S room for spring goods.
! Infants' Mocassins, sizes oto 4... oy-.
Child's Black Cloth Tup Button, liana- .-'
turned soles, spring heels, patent-
leather tips, s zes 5 to 7\m 95 c
M Child's Fine Pebble Giaiu Button"
stout soles, pebble tip, spring he«l'
B** . sizcssto7U " ' 75 c
; "sizes Bto llj,. 7.7 90c
,_ Misses' Fine Pebble Grain Button*
; spring heel, pebble tip, zes 11 t02.5l 15
In* Ladies' Fine lilac. Xi J Button, narrow
square toe and tip, also pointed toe
and tip, reduced irom $2.00 to $1.80
Kast-s
738-740 Market St.
Carry a Full line of Buckingham
<_; Hecht'* Fine Shoes.
SEND FOR CATALOGUE.
world while she delivers shoes at the houses
of her husband's customers. The peeps she
gets of aching hearts Deueath the ttlamor of
wealth effectually cure Nancy of any further
desire to live in the whirl of society. Her ad
ventures end at a French ball, where Nancy
gets some queer glimpses of life.
Miss Rice acted with her usual verve, and
sang as she ever does— that is, not very bril
liantly from a vocal standpoint, but with
enough vim to call form encores and ap
plause. The star has surrour.d herself ***ith
an efficient company. Miss Kate Mlchelena,
who look the role of the prima donna whom
Nancy befriend*, acted her part cleverly and
sang satisfactorily. - * - • •
George Broderick. who possesses a
pleasant barytone voice, took several
parts in the various adventures which
befell Nancy. HI- principal role was
that of an insane Duke, who proposes to
the shoemaker's, wife under the impression
that she is a great heiress He overacted the
affectation, but his whimsicalities raised a
good many laughs. Charles Drew played the
several parts, well, so did John Conley and
John S. Terry. The rest of the cast was satis
factory.
* At the Alcazar.
The Alcazar was crowded to the doors last
night by an -enthusiastic and fashionable
audience. The attractions were, the sterling
drama "Saints and Sinners," the first appear
ance of Miss Frances Jollitf. at this bouse, and
last but not least, the reappearance of George
Osbourne. . ■ .• V
Curtain call after curtain call was received, 1
both for Miss Jollift'c and Mr. Osbourne. The
play is a strong one , and well calculated to
bring out the best work of each member of
the company. '*
Mr. Osbourue's impersonation of Jacob
Fletcher, the kindly old minister, is only a
repetition of his former successes in the same
role. Miss . Jolliffe as Letty Fletcher,
the minister's erring daughter, a
strong emotional role, went through
the part without one tinge of the nervousness -
one might expect in the rendering of so diffi
cult a character by one so inexperienced in
stage work. There is a brilliant future in
store for this young lady if she develops as she
has. begun. The management may congratu
late themselves on so strong an acquisition to
the company.
One 01 the hits of the performance was a
very clever bit of character work in the tilth
act,- done by Miss Juliet Crosby, a recent
debutant-, who relentlessly sacrificed her
preky features to play a silly country g.rl.
Miss Buckley, Mr. Foster and the rest of the
company all did exceptionally fine work.
On Saturday afternoon there will be a sou
venir matinee to celebrate the two hundred
and fiftieth performance of the stock company.
At the Orpheum.
The newcomers at the Orpheum this week
are Barney Fagan, composer of "My Gal Is a
High-born Lady" and other popular ditties,
and Miss Byron, singing comedienne. They
appear in a dialogue which abounds with
puns that raise many a laugh. Barney Fagan
and Miss Byron also give several songs, and
last night these brought them a number of
encores. ; <.?.•■*'■+
Eraiiy Lytton. and the Hayes Brother-; are
appearing in the burlesque on "Camiile"
which took so well last week. The members of
the Grand Opera quar.et seem to have be
come very popular with the Orpheum audi
ences. Last nieht all the singers appeared in
solos. Aoramoff sang the lufelice from "lir
-11 ani," Miss Busch gave the Flower Sung from
Gounod's ''Faust.'" and Miss Cotte and Guilt"
obliged respectively with Ardlti's "Purla" and
"Ceeste Aida." . •'■
The vocal numbers concluded with the i
grand trio from •'! Lombardi," sung by Miss
Co: it- and Sienors Guille and A brum off.
Professor Kinney continues to astonish the
audiences with his performances in the tank
and the length of time he remains under
water, and Miss Marie Finnic still circles
about gracefully under water. The aerial ar
tists—the Renins— remain on the programme,
as well as the Panizer trio.
At the Tlvoll Op House.
"The Lovely Galatea," by yon Suppe, la con
junction with Gilbert and Sullivan's ever
popular ''Patience," was the double bill pre
sented to the patrons of this theater, and the
lovers of good music turned out in numbers to
prove that comic opera w asas popular as ex
travaganza.
Elvia Crox Seabrooke, the fickle statue who
came to life, did some of the best work she has
done since she came here, and that's saying a
good deal. She was in excellent voice, and
her singing of the drinking song is beauti
fully done.
Bernice Holmes' lovely contralto voice as
usual charmed the audience, as did Rhys
Thomas; and William West, always good, com
pleted a particularly fine cast.
"Patience" Is an old iriend and it is
sufficient to say that the present cast equals
any of the others that have been presented
here. 7* 7
Little Cinderella.
The Little Cinderella Company began Its
second week at the California with quite the
swing of old stagers. Very much of that un
certainty of sound and step and situation that
is a part, of new things on the stage and more
particularly of new people, and most particu
larly of very young people, had disappeared.
The little people are now well accustomed
to their parts nnd make as much of them
as is oiten done by more experienced
players. Cinderella, ■ Resins D'Eaner/;
Pedro, Jimmy Horn; Nina Cook, uiis
Tait, Nellie Shaw, Jennie Flossie,
Gus Levick, Daisy Grogan and Baby Ruth
Rowland, all captured the audience both in
the performance of their pans and in their
specialties. The singing of Matthew Keefe
from the upper box was encored again and
again. The house was fairly well filled.
The Oberon.
The old Oberon, which is so well known to
epicures as a restaurant and grillroom, opened
as a first-class music and concert hall last
evening.
Dunn, tno past few weeks the place has
ben thoroughly renovated and remodeled,
and those who called last evening to hear the
initial concert hardly knew the establishment.
Stark's Vienna Orchestra furnished the music,
the programme being as follows-. —
March, "Deutschmeister," (Ertl); overture,
"Tambour dv G*rde," (Titl); waltz. "Re
membrance," (Waldleufel); selection, "GJpsv
Baron,'-' (Strauss); tarantella, "Forosetta,"
(Ardtti); largo, (aandel); violin so o, "Gipsy
Dances" (Hubay), llerr F. Stark; fantasia, "11
Trovatore," (Verdi).
March, "C. G. V." (Vottler); overture, "Hun
garian Comedy" (Keler Bels); cello solo, Pol
onaise de Concert (D. Popper), Herr A.
Weiss; waltz, -'Vienna Tempesi" (Strauss);
"Hungarian Dances" (Brahms); selection,
••Gasparone" (Millccker); waltz, "Nacht
warmer" (Ziebrcr); finale.
At the Chutes.
The fireworks"attracted over 6000 people to
the Chutes last evening. The night was per
fect and the pyrotechnic display excellent. !
The pleasant weather is proving a blessing to
the Haight-street grounds and every after
noon and evening the performances on the
open air stage by Bre^iuo, the wire-walker,
and Busch the "human vampire," are well re
ceived. Bristol's trained horses will be one o
trie features for Sunday.
KEW TO-DAT.
Bang-SB »«»M»M«-«MpIIIMIM^^
TO THE POINT. ; 7 |
While some aim to and others claim B
to we really give best value for least fi
money. Note the following prices : ti
Men's Calf Cork Sole, Lace or Con- -
gress, reduced fr0m.... "....53.50 to $2.45 I
Men's Calf, Cork Sole. Lac* or Con- |
gress (Buckingham-: Hecht's make), f
reduced from.. $-1 00 to $3.25 I
Men's Best French Calf. Lace or Con- \
gross, cork sole (Buckingham & H
Hecht's make), reduced from H
.: $."-.00 to $3.85 I
Meu's Buckingham & Heeht's NOVA M
SCOTIA , SEAL, Lace or Congress, la
cork sole, absolutely waterproof $5.00 I
Kasts
735-740 Market St. |
*We Ho Not Prepay Mail, or Ex- I
press Charge* on .the Above Ad ver- I
tise-1 Goods. jj
MAIL ORDERS PROMPTLY FILLED. g
THIS LADY KNEW WHAT TO DO
. ;
And So She Gave Some Valuable Advice
"*;V'-*i - to Her Friend.
A lady who recently happened to visit a
neighbor found her in a terrible state of
misery. Her head was tightly bound
with a handkerchief, and there were dart
circles around her eyes.
"Why, whatever is the matter " in-
quired the visitor, with some alarm.
"Oh, I don't know, but for days I have
been feeling so weak, tired and unstrung.
I have no appetite, feel bilious and dyspep-
tic, and now I have a' racking headache."
"Ah, now, "l can plainly see what the
matter is," was the reply, "for I have been
through the very same experience myself.
I was feeling precisely as you are when a
friend advised me to try a pure medicinal
stimulant, and I derived wonderful benefit
from doing so. Take my advice and try a
little pure malt whiskey. "
"But you know I never touch spirits of
any kind."
"Neither do I except as a remedy.
When I was feeling as you are I took
Duffy's pure malt whiskey and made
me strong and well. ■ I am convinced it
will do the same for you."
The experience of this lady has been
verified in thousands of other cases, and
vast numbers of women are kept in health
by the regular use of this great remedy.
All grocers and druggists k-ep Duffy's
pure malf, but in purchasing care should
be taken to secure only the genuine.
AT AUCTION
BY
7___7**g'' l '' l * .' 1 ' ' ' 7 I/, *mrrn
c* ,^Q^__|__i7_T^*'' <^
Wmjk i_r»i T_r "h
REFEREES SALE,
By Order of Probate Court,
WITHOUT LIMIT OR RESERVE.
TO-MORROW,
WEDNESDAY, FEB. 24, 1597,
At 12 O'Ciock, Noou,
AT SALESROOM, 626 MARKET ST.
Following: Property Belonging to Es-
tate of Mary B. Pease.
Nds. 16 and 17 SOHTH PARK AYE., NE. cor.
Center place: lo: 47:6x97:6 along Center place to
an alley: 8 frontages: -J 4-story brick houses,
rented to one par.y at if 65 per month ; tenants pay
water; street work completed.
Xos. 370 and 37.5 P.KANNAN ST., N. side, ad-
joining Third st. : lot 35x80 to rear street: a
-story frame houses and stable ln rear: rents
$34-. tenants pay water: streets and sidewalks
accepted by city.
No 37 SOUTH PARK, adjoining SE. cor. of
Thiid St.; lot 21:9x137:6 to rear street; street
work accepted by city; rents $27 50; tenant pays
water.
i"or abstract and terms of sale apply to
■p~ ■■- ".p*. - 1..-.--- •- -. ■
MADISON & BOSK.].,
626 Market St., Opp. Palace Hotel.
"bazaar 11
Here
Are Prices
and goods that carry the
conviction of their cor-
rectness.
Silver-plated
Ware
Is what we are talking
about this week.
Quadruple plate Cake Baskets, B. C ***t.on
" .... .. '*'....*... .52.50
'■■- '-' " Pickle Casters 910
" *\ "' «t.50
- '• " Fruit Stands..: -tt.so
" " " '" Persian gUss. _« 1.35
4- Piece Tea Sets, quadruple plate "ft3.**s'
",- ' . " " 354. '58
Little Prices
IwllllV JL 1 itV-*
V<'p.p""'-:
and Big Values.
i 5-Botile Dinner Casters St. oo
6-Kottle Dinner Casters, quadruple plate,
embossed.. 93. OO
Embossed Butter Dishes, iclass stand 750
Quadruple plate Butter Dishes 51.35
.< . " L y- ..;.■_- -.. with knife
„ rest •• «1.50
Roger Brothers Tea Spoons, set of 6 St. 25
" '• Table Spoons, set of 6 **2.5i>
■ 1 Table Porks, set of 6 52.50
24 Pieces— Knives. Forks and Spoons, In
p'.ush case $4. 50
Cut Prices
Aluminum Tea c poons. set of 6 50c
Table Spoons, set of 6 SI.OO
'• Tab' c Forks, set of 6 S .00
Russell's "stag" Carvers, persel S3. 50
Ivoride '• ~•• 53.50
" Ebonized Knives and Forks, set
of 6 75c
t "Sterling" Triple-plated Knives, set of 6.. 750
Bed=rock Prices
7* and guaranteed qual-
ity go together.
VIS 2^[_-_._=2,_E-:__3T STREET.
<KHHKK>O<KK>OOO
AN EXCELLENT
TI >| 17 AT Properly prepared and
JVlr7i_r\ I . promptly served, can
* T *"■—"■•* *• •*-"' always be obtained in
THE GRILL ROOM OF THE
Decidedly the PAT A _»' 1 1 *
Most Popular f-' A I AC H
\ Dining Apart- -L ■* *•-*— X. Km* I A
ment in town. -a_____a__e9_B_H-_-_a_____Bß_---_i
I<HH><KH><HK><><>oo1 <HH><KH><HK><><>00
I E&m DR. HALLS REimoIUTOil
j R2s__*"ws*J *"" lve bun ' lrec " reward tor any cass \*a
■ £&&i Baa cannot cure. THIS SECRET It £*>*,.
SDR. stops all losses tn 24 hours,
Five hundred rewar- :or any case w»
cannot cure. THIS SECRET REit-
BUY stopj all losses In 24 hours,
I s_fe"_S S"C*§ cures Emissions, 1 111 potency, Varlci>
I nMi •vpJ'rr cele, Gonorrhoea, Gleet, Fits, Strio-
' M-Ul *Wi tares, Blood Disease and all wasting
Sm\m CiSiS effects of :-'e!f- Abase or E;ice_,_iB__.
j |SS«5"'*Ki > H Sent sealed. $2 per bottle. THHi__l
! BOTTLES, 95*. guaranteed to cure any case.
• DR. HALL'S MEDICAL INSTiTUXK,
860 Broadway, Oakland. Ual.
All private ai_ea_«_i quickly cured, bend for
I f»e book. ■ -•.■■■ . .
i^^l^^^2__3-i_S
ppf-WlillCVnir^r- Turo-it, Pimples, Copper-^
HIIAVE lUu --lored Spots, Aches. Old _ores,_|_
_WC leers in Month, Hair-Fall Write C"OOB.___
MS"BI-____»Y CO., SOU Masonic TempleM
pßM Chicago- 111-, for proofs of cares. Cup'-VB
KriU-1, *<Ui>->O,OOO. Worst cases ccred In l&B
. Hfto 8& dssya. 100-page book free. fej
910
MAX POPPER IS
GRAND SACHEM
Annual Session of the State
League of Iroquois
Clubs.
:■
Strong Resolutions in Favor
of Free Cuba Adopted
Unanimously.
Speeches by Leading Braves Predict
ing Future Success— The Ban
quet Last Evening.
WHEREAS, The people of Cuba are
'now engaged In a determined and fierce
struggle for freedom, be it therefore
Kesolred, By the State league of Iro
- quois Clubs in conference assembled.
That we give that brave and suffering
people our heartiest sympathy, and
earnestly hope" that our National Gov
ernment will do all in its power to
compel the Spanish Government to pro
tect our citizens in that island from the
cruelty and butchery of the Spanish j
authorities and use all legitimate ef
forts to give freedom to Cuba.
This resolution, presented by Delegate
Keller of Marysville at the annual con
vention of the State League of Iroquois
Clubs yesterday, was adopted unani
mously.
The gathering was held at Iroquois
headquarters in Pythian Castle and was
in many respects a notable. one, promi
nent braves from all parts of the State
being present.
The programme included the election of
officers for the league, adoption of resolu
tions and amendments to the constitution
of the league and the discussion of im
portant topics by leaders of the organiza
tion. Morning and afternoon sessions
were held, and in the evening the dele
gates assembled about the festal board
and listened to speeches and toasts while
they disposed of choice viands. Those
who answered the rolicall were as fol
lows:
San Francisco— Louis Metzger, L. J. Welch,
Max Popper, James T. Flynn, L. V.
Merle, Charles Giidea, Thomas Ashworth,
L. J. WELCH, Grand Secretary of the I oquois dub*
J. E. Craig, Charles Edelman, C. H.
Holcomb, John Kreling, Joseph Leegett, Sam
McKee, P. J. Mcßride. Raymond Robbms, T. J.
Walsh, Peter Kelly, George 11. Cabaniss. J. L.
Franklin.
Sacramento— J. C. Gorman, E. I. Woodman,
P A. Byrne.
Martinez— E. J. Randle, A. A. Bally, R. H.
Latimer.
Oakland— Thomas F. Gsrrity, B. 0. Wier.
Oneida— T. A. Burns, Frederick Raabo, Ru
dolf Herold.
Ukiah— John C. Ruddock. Harry Baechtel,
T. J. We.ilor., F. M. Wigger, J. B. Gill.
Alameda— J. 11. Hubachek, J. T. Fleming.
Vallejo— J. V. Fleming.
V-caville— W. B. English.
Yuba- Augustus Keller. T. P. Kaich.
Stockton— Frank H. Gould.
Tulare— William H. Alford.
Sausalito— Edwin Lewis.
Raleigh Barcar, the retiring grand sach
em o! the leai-ue, was absent and Vice
Grand Sachem Louis Metzger occupied the
Chair.
After the meeting had been called to or
d"a committee on resolution-, consisting
of Edelman, Gorman, Cabaniss. Lewis and
Popper, were appointed, and a number of
m-asures presented for its consideration
with instructions to report during the
afternoon.
The election of officers for the ensuing
year was ta«.en up and the following
chosen : Grand sachem, Max Popper of
,0 Francisco; vice grand sachem, John
V" & a ? dock of Ukiah ; grand secretary, L.
J. Welch of San francisco; r_nd treas
urer, Louis Metzger, San Francisco; vice
grind sachem at large, Joseph Leggett.
Vice i. rand sachems for the various Con
gressional Districts of tne State were
elected as follows: First District, Fletcher
A. Cutler; Second, F.ank H. Gould ; Third
Raleigh Harcar; Fourth, Charles Gildea :
Fifth, J. E. Craig: Sixth, Harry Paiton
Seventh, Daniel Baker. .
Club sachems were then taken up and
the following chosen: Sacramento, Frank
Lyman; San Luis Obispo. William Graves:
Martinez, R. H. Latimer; Oakland. B C*
Wier; Oneida, Fred Raabe; Ukiah, T. C
Weldon; Alameda, J. T. Fleming; Vallejo
J. V. Fleming; Vacaville, Frank H. Buck:;
San Francisco, Raymond Robbins.
At the beginning of the afternoon ses
sion. Chairman Popper of the committee
on resolutions read the committee's re
port, which was adopted without a die
senting voice. In addition to the Cuban
resolution, previously referred to, resolu
tions were passed commending Governor
, FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WHEELOCK & CO.,
4 Leldeedorff St., TeL Slain 1954. -.
■ (:-,NTB_I. OX- ICE
-'__ Market Bt., Palace Hotel. Pur.ly A Atkinson
Mana-ers. Tel. Main 6144. - ■
Uptown Baldwin Hotel (adjoining Grill
Koom). Tel. Main 1091. , .
PURDY. ATKINSON A CLAPP, Managers.
Orders instantly executed on latest ' marital q_»
stations, inference Ist National Bank, S. _".
CHICAGO. _-_UV ATS Will-- smW YOWL
MAX POPPER.
Budd's administration, thanking those
who had participated in the fight against
the funding bill, and particularly Con
gressman Maguire, and favoring the im
mediate foreclosure of the mortgages held
by the United States Government; in
favor of restricting the employment of
pri-on labor on branches of industry that
compete with free labor and in favor of the
bill bearing on the subject recently pre
sented to the Legislature by the Manu
facturers an Producers' Association; in
dorsing the Stratton primary elec
tion bill as a measure calculated
to purify and elevate local politics
and promote good government, and
appealing to the Iroquois organizations
throughout the State to use their best en
deavors to see that it is enforced if it
becomes a law; • refusing to accept tbe
result of the recent Presidential election
as a final and permanent determination
of the money question «■* between gold
and silver, and declaring William J. Bryan
to he the best living incarnation and most
eloquent exponent of Democratic princi
ples; refusing to r cognize the right of
any person to be called a Democrat and to
participate in Democratic primaries who
did not support the platform and candi
dates adopted and nominated at Chicago
on the 9th and lO.h of June, 1896.
Addresses on political subjects and the
good of the league were then in order.
William H. Alford, chairman . of the
Democratic Slate Central Committee, was
escorted to the platform. He delivered
an eloquent speech, frequently inter
rupted oy applause, in which he lauded
the principles of Democracy, and pre
dicted the success of the party. with Wil
liam J. Bryan as leader in 1900.
- He was followed by Frank H. Gould, ex
chairman of the State Central Committee;
Max Popper, the newly elected sachem;
John C. Ruddock, George Cabaniss and
Senator Samuel 8.-aunhart and Edwin
Lewis.
The installation of officers closed the
formal proceedings of the session, and the
delegates were then given their creden
tials for the final entertainment — the ban
quet.
IROQUOIS BANQUET.
Braves Who Sat About the Festal
Board and Heard Patriotic
Speeches.
Nearly a hundred members of the league
and their friends were seated about the
tables in the banquet-room of Delmonico's
restaurant last evening when the gath
ering was called to order by President A.
D. Lemon of the Iroquois Club.
The apartment was 'decorated with
palms and choice flowering plants, the
table being buried in a profusion of blos
soms and green branches. About the
tables were seated Democratic war horses,
young and old, who did ample justice to
the bountiful repast.
In the north end of the room, draped
with the National colors, was a large pic
ture of General Washington, and at the
opposite end on an easel was a portrait of
William J. Bryan, whose name was ap
plauded to the echo whenever mentioned.
Judge Lemon, in a . neat and appropri
ate speech, welcomed the guests of the
evening, and dedicated the banquet to the
memory of Washington and the cause of
constitutional government, which, he
said, bad been begun by the father of
thia country, perpetuated by the pen of
Jefferson and adhered to by every Demo
cratic President since the latter's time.
After the good things that were brought
on bad been disposed of from blue points
to the nougatine of vanilla, Toastmasier
Louis Metzger called for the reading of
the answers that had been received from
prominent men of the country in response
to invitations to be present.
Telegrams and letters expressing regret
at not being able to attend the gathering
and banquet were received from William
J. Bryan, Lincoln, • Nebr. ; Vice-President
Adlai E. Stevenson, Washington; Ex-
Governor Robert E. Pattison, of Pennsyl
vania. Philadelphia; Arthur Sewell, Bath
Me. ; United State Senator James iv. Jones I
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1897.
Washington; United States Senator John
W. Daniel, Washington; Postmaster-Gen
eral W. L. Wilson, Washington, D. C. ;
Governor Robert B. Smith of Montana,
chairman Democratic National Commit
lee; C. A. Walsh. Ottumwa, Iowa; United
States Senator Stephen M. White, Wash
ington; Congressman Marion De Vries,
Washington, D. C. ; Governor James H.
Budd, Sacramento; Mayor James D.
Phelan: Raleigh Barcar, ex-grand sachem,
and Congressman James G. Maguire.
Bryan's letter of regret was as follows:
Lincoln, Nebr., Feb. 15, 1897.
Louis Metzger, Iroquois Club— Dear Sib: I
am just in receipt of your Invitation to attend
banquet on Washington's birthday. I regret
that I cannot be present, but commend the
members of the club for doing honor to the
memory of Washington, and to express the
hope that the occasion will stimulate those
present to the highest patriotism and citizen
ship. Yours truly, Wm. J. Bryan.
Mr. Metzger began to mention the
speeches ot the evenin;*, but was inter
rupted bp E. P. E. Troy, who said that he
had charges to prefer against the new
grand treasurer. The charges consisted
of accusing the toastraasterof being a good
fellow, a good Democrat and one worthy
of receiving a lasting remembrance.
In the name of the Iroquois braves he
presented Mr. Metzger with an exquisite
scarf nin fashioned in the shape of the
emblem of the club and set with diamonds
and rubies.
When the grand treasurer had thanked
the assemblage for the present he intro
duced Lewis F. Byington, the second vice
president of the Iroquois Club, who re
sponded to the toast 01 "California."
He was followed by William fl. Alford,
who spoke to the toast "Washington";
Hon. J. J. Dwyer, "United States"; Hon.
W. W. Foote, who lauded the Democracy,
and Hon. J. C. Ruddock, who told of the
glories 01 the Iroquois. >
The gathering disbanded at a late hoar.
FATE Ot- A IS Ear *£& A DO.
*«» MHswss and .'hot to Death by Officers
in Oklahoma.
GUTHRIE, O. T., Feb. 22.— John Gris
son, one of tbe members of the gang that
raided the town of St. Stroude three weeks
ago, was killed in a battle with a posse of
deputy sheriffs eighteen miles northeast
of Chandler yesterday. The officeis had
been watching the house nearly all night,
and when Solomon Grisson, the father,
appeared at the door he was told to sur
render. He refused to comply, and jump
ing back into the house called to the boys
and women to get their guns and fight.
The battle followed. John Grisson, whom
the officers were after, ex osed himself
nnd was shot dead by Deputy Sheriff
Beniley. Solomon Grisson and his
youngest son, Garfield, then gave up their
arms, surrendered and were taken to the
Chandler Jail. <
HOTEL AEEIVALS.
RUSS HOUSE.
*v"l-.s Jenkins, Alameda J Geh»r A w, Mich
B J Fraer, Rio Vista A \V Be-sac. Lincoln
J F Wllco", ltlo Vista W W Hall, Hickman
J Marsh. Rio Vista J McCarthy, Vallejo
; J .1 Hairl-on, Cal \V I. Jav.'te, Napa
C Hansen, Los Ang S W Gr.nt, Oakland
; J Madden. Norfolk L. W Osen. Or
j S H Look. !-eatt'e X Beruharli, Oakland
j Mrs R M Lasaile. Wash R B Knapp i w, Sn Jose
; A Harrln.tou, Ohio FN La. ell, Martinez
T Johnson Aw. Bo lie J Collins, "-acto
F Halerman it w. Ohio Q N Drysda Aw, Cal
Mrs <> llalstead. Cal R C Cole, Liverpool
G Gentry, O^k.and Miss C Co ton, Liverpool
j C Clanton, Nev Mrs Browning, Liverpool
1 W franks, Fresno A H Harlon, Reno
1 E \V tv'ood, i-tock'Oii Geo Tar«, Portland
j J J Smith, Modesto A "-filer A w, Cal
i Mrs S H Look, Seattle Mrs B Can on, salt Lake
! Miss O Look, -eattie L Cook. Denver
i R W Look, Seattle J M .Mc.Murr.iv, Cal
FI) Masel A Sy, Mont H Q Base. Vacaville
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL.
B a Baldwin, Los Gatos S j Baker, Chicago
T A Barnes, Los Gatos Van Hart, Chicago
V O Peterson, Madera A Funk <fe w, NY \ -7~*
J It "shin*, Sonora P 1" Gallagher, Donegal
J D Ine, sonora J A-_mlt_<*s w, Benicia
J H Carmtchael, Nev M W McDonald <": w, Cal
E V Williams, Vallejo J Installs, Gllroy
jJ V Mown, allejo Q E VVanlncton, Mo
D Col Ins, Vallejo J vory, Mich
I J McKenna. Denver J C Adsms, Santa Crnr
i) Leahy, Oakland J Shield. Needles
I J Phells. Denver Fred Berger, Denver
! E Hayes, Vallejo C Baulge, Germany
C B Price, Portland M Micbaelson, M Y.
Mrs C L Dickson. B C R F Tar.eion. X V
C W dough, Chico o P Peterson, < hicago
H M Walsh, Chico a T Eversen, Phlla .
GRAND HOTEL.
J L Gill's, Sacramento .1 C Rice, Cal
J 11 Page, Portland II Gray, Maine
Dr W F Wlard, fat to W Travis, Los Angeles
L Wlard, Sacramento CM Root. Call-nte
Mrs 1 J Smith, Portland D D Crowley, Oakland
I J J McLaurln, :-a< to jM M Ward, hed Bluff
G Detz Jr. Stockton B Graham, Chico
| Mrs MJ Wl sou, N V W E Mack, Chico '
J Rice A w. Csr.on \V W ->mlth A w. N V
J V Ellis, San Rafael J Marshall, Vancouver
CC Gallagher, N J I. H Frankeuhelmer, Cal
R It Latimer, Martinez E J Randall, Carson
j .1 V. Hill. Petaluma J H Klrkpatnck, Hawaii
!•' It Dawson, Grass Val T Flint Jr Aw. s»n Juan
P Coombs, Grea - Falls J D Bradley, Merced
H N- Blair, Cal Mrs N T Biddle. fan Jose
, W W Foot* Oakland J Kech, St Helena
Mrs J Weston, Cal J W Bntterworth, Everett
PALACE HOTEL
0 H Lawrence. Chicago J Cross, Los Angeles
H T Power, sacto Miss A Polck, Sa.to
■ C 'Pawning. Sacto G Hun-old, Stanford
J Corhart, Stanford J H Sears, Boston
s Gilioky. .Seattle J S lelds. Montana
J E Shields. Mo tana H Charming, Pasadena
W c Amos. Chicago T Blytbe A w, Wyoming
C the, Wyoming J Heme, NY
CV iius Pa. R H Blnns. Pa
Mis F D E«rle. N V Mrs X Wemple. N V
W- Fisher. Orass Valley P Moore & w, Ky
R Petre. Baltimore C J -"teedman, I'al
G Chamberlain. Chicago R G Hopkins, Boston
A .rarkhursi, Portland . > i j
NEW WESTERN* HOTEL. ..
; L Lane A w, ban Jose Charles Golden, Cal
I L Lpoda. Cal - Paul C Mayford, Chcgo
j L Seal, Cat . A Precht. Vail j> .
j Jack Turner. San Jose H Klc-ban, 1 tistei
J It Murphy, NY B C Truman, Chicago
| D Griffin, Watsonvllls R H Handy, Rodeo
j D Magiaoskr, Arizona . John Green. Arizona
a Astering, Paso nobles H H Worth. Sta Barbara
Miss Sadie Dillon, <al Miss A McCarthy, Cat
M surgard, Oakland - ■ - Jim Myler. Cal
J H Best, coos Bay W Mornssay," Cal
John orair.. Cal J Judge, Sacto
N Morris, Benicia
7.-77 BALDWIN* HOTEL.'
1 Dannenhaam. Vallejo C La Rue. Yountville
P C Well, Vallejo . W H Howell, Chico
J TCorlmv. Los Angeles H Churchill, Boston
Miss G X Clark. NY; Miss L Morrow, NY
TW CO want, NY W B True «fe w. San Jose
M Haunwltz, London v C Foster.' Oakland
W D Davis, Oakland *' A J Jones. Los Angeles
Dr J Pannlngton, Arts G Alexander. San Jose
Mrs Llnwood. Stockton G Wilson A w, Colo
J Bonwey, sisson
SONS OF THE
REVOLUTION
They Celebrate Washing
ton's Birthday at the
Occidental.
; '__
Eloquent Addresses, Music and
a Sonnet in Honor of
the Patriot
William M. Bunker on the Boyhood
of Washington— Rjpid Growth
of the Society.
The California Society ot the Eons of
the American Revolution celebrated the
natal day of Washington by an elaborate
banquet last night at the Occidental Ho
tel. The large dining-hall, in which
covers were laid for 140 persons, was beau
tifully decorated and festooned with flag*-.
Sidney M. Smith, the president, occupied
the chair at the head, and among those
present were Colonel W. M. Shatter,
Colonel 8. M. li. Young and others con
spicuous in the army and navy, as well as
distinguished citizens.
On the cover of the menu was an origi
nal design, showing Columbus rocking a
cradle, by Miss Caroline L. Cook of the
Sketch Club. A printed poem, entitled,
"Mount Vernon," by Charles S. Greene,
was handsomely illustrated by one of tbe
young ladies belonging to the Daughters
of 'the Revolution, with the picture of
Washington ana hi- country home. It
was sealed with a stamp belonging to the
Washington family. One ot the principal
peakers was William M. bunker of the
Report. The toasts and responses were as
follows:
Introductory remarks by the president, Sid
ney M. Smith; "The Spirit of Washington's
Time," Aimarin P. Paul; "Washington the
Soldier," Colonel Frank W. Sumner; "The
French Republic," Alexandre Laurence de
Lalande; "Washington as Boy and Man," Wil
liam M. Bunker; "Washington the Surveyor"
(Z. U.Dodge), read by Charles L. P. Marais;'
"Mount Vernon," Charles S. Greene; "The
Swiss Republic," Alfred A. Borlini.
A number of the speeches were very
happy and elicited much applause. Mr.
Bunker responded to the toast "Washing
ton ms Boy and Man." He said in part:
He was a proud, mettlesome, dignified boy,
with a temper and will of his own and a fond
ness for athletic sports. Ai the age of 14 he
romped in recess with the largest girl in
school and thus early showed a regard for the
fair sex that to the last was one of his leading
and most admirable traits. He ever held
woman in respectful admiration, and while
shy as a reporter under some circumstances,
in the presence of the fair ones he was always
at home.
Washington inherited his military spirit
from tne great-grandfather who, eighty years
before ihe birth of this great-grandson, was
the hero ot co.ouia. Indian wars; his physique
came from his mother and his early training
and education were due to the two elder
brothers with whom he went to live at the age
of 11.
At 17 Washington was county surveyor
at a salary of $250 a year; later ad
jutant of a Virginia military district,
then aid to Bra. dock, tnen a burgess
and later . a general and statesman. He
was singularly modest, and, strange as it
may appear to those familiar with the public
men of to-day, he. blushed at words of praise.
Elected chancellor of William and Mary Col
lect-, lie wrote thai he feared he was not fit tor
the position and thought the trustees might
east y find a better man. Imagine a public
man of '97 declining an office' on the score ol
his unfitness! The bravery of Washington
balanced his modesty.
When we consul the early environment of
Washington and the rude methods and free
style ot his period; when we think of the temp
tations besetting tne handsome, high-spirited,
successful young soldier; when wo recall the
countless social, official and military dangers
surrounding him, we are amazed beyond
measure that he passed through the ordeal
without a single stain, that be always bore .he
whtte plume of a blameless life, and that to
day, knowing him as boy and man, we, as a
people, and all the free peoples of the earth,
can meet on -a common plane and Join ia his
apotheosis.
About twenty years ago the California
Society of the Sons of the American Revo
lution was organized in San Francisco.
The society is composed of lineal male de
scendants of the patriots who assisted in
establishing American independence.
All applicants for membership must be
able to present documentary or other sat
isfactory evidence tbat they are lineal
descendants of sires who were loyal to,
and rendered active service in, the cause
of American independence. Tbis condi
tiiion of membership is indispensable,
and must be without flaw.
The managers of the society are: Sidney
M. Smith, president; Edwin Bonnell, sec
retary; Colonel J. C. Currier, senior vice
president; Hon. Horace Davis, junior
vice-president; Charles H. Warner, treas
urer; William Scnuyler Moses, marshal;
Colonel A. S. Hubbard, register; Roberts
Vandercoolt, William M. Bunker, Z. U.
Dodge, M. L. Requa and A. B. Paul.
Tne roll of the society shows 230 names
and additional members are being gained
at the rate of twelve a month.
A singular circumstance and one very
unusual at roost banquets was that every
seat was filled. It was one of the largest
and finest gatherings that has been seen
in a long time.
Explanation.
The arrow flies with the wind. Tbe top figures
at station Indicate maximum temperature for the
days: those underneath It. If any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow ln inches and hundredths,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect po!n s of - equal air- pressure; Iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. I The
word "hleh" means high barometric . pressure and
Is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied 'by cloudy • weather and • rains.
"Lows 'usually first appear on the Washington
co * t : When the pressure is high In the interior
and low along the coast, and the isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain is probable:
but when the "low is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these conditions
will produce an opposite result.
WKATHKB BUREAU REPORT.
United States Department or Aaßicui/
-ti.'be. Weather .bureau. San Francisco, Feb.
22, 1897, sp. St. Weather conditions and general
forecasts:
1 The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of the same date last sea
son and rainfall during the past 24 hours:
Eureka, this season . last season 24.89,
past 24, hours .00; Red Bluff 20.56, last season
13.83. past 24 hours .00: San Francisco, 17.76.
last season 12.43, past 24 hours .00; Fresno 8.33,
last season 4.09, past 24 hours .00; San Luis Obispo
17.13, last season 17.25, past 24 hours .00: Los
Angeles 15.83, last season 5.91, past 24 hours .00:
San Diego 9.32, last season 4.44, past. 24 hours
.00: Yuma 4.7-!, last season .46, past 24 hours
.00. . "
San Francisco Maximum temperature 63,
minimum 41. mean 47.
The pressure is highest this evening throughout
the plateau region of Nevada and Utah. At Car
son City the pressure is Ho 54 inches. ■ Unusually
low temperatures are reported irom the Pacific
Coast states from Oregon southward. At "-'arson
City this morning the temperature was 6 decrees
below zeio. Killing frosts and freezing tempera
tures were general in California and Arizona tbis
morning. The temperature approached the dan
ger point ln a large portion of the citrus region of
the -taie. Equally low, if not lower, tempera
lures will occur to-night . .. " "
Forecast made at san Francisco for 30 hours,
ending at midnight. February 23. 1897:
Northern California— Fair luesday. killing
frost Tuesday, hardly so severe as to-night; light
northerly winds. .«•*:•-
Southern (a iiornia— Fair Tuesday; killing frost
Tuesday night, but hardly so severe as to-night ;
fresh north, rly winds.
.Nevada— Fair: continued co.d Tuesday..
Utah — Fair; continued cold Tuesday.
Arizona— Fair Tuesday; freez ; n« weather to
night and Tuesday night; injurious to citrus
fruit.
.--an Francisco and vicinity— Fair Tuesday;
fresh westerly winds.
W. 11. Mammon, Forecast Official.
THE COMMERCIAL RECORD.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
} CHICAGO, 1i.i,.. Feb There was no grain
or provision market day.
BUTTER— There was very little business trans
acted In the bu ier market to-day, tbe holiday bs
ing generally observed. The feeling was easy.
Creameries— Extras. 19c: firsts, _Bffll9c; seconds,
14@16c; imitations, fancy, 13® 14c. Dairies
— Extras. 17c: firsts. 14<-Usc: seconds.. 9® 10c
Ladles— Extras, ll&l'Jc: Cists, _,K_>9*,aC: pa.-i.iai
stock. 8c; grease, _@3c; roll bolter. 10®10y_.c
EGGS— ReceiDts were lane, and the U. man 1
was lair. An unsettled feeling prevailed. Fresh
■took sold at 16c per dozen.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS. lii . Feb. 22 —The
week opened with receipts of about 14,000 head of |
cattle against 14,689 last MonJay, and 10.686 on j
the corresponding Monday a year ago. This was I
not a heavy supply for the first business day of the j
week, and, after the moderate receipts of last
week there was a good general demand Prices
were generally steady, and the comparatively
small number of well-... attired cat t c sold readily
at strong quotations. About 4-*,OO- hogs ere re
ceived here to-day against 31,9.'7 las. Monday,
35,123 the corresponding Monday In 18:?**, and
43,".6°* ln 1895. Tie ma-get was weak ana a
shade lower than "Saturday, but au active .lemand
from both Chicago packers an.l Eastern shippers
soon firmed up prices, aud the day's sues aver- i
aged at tne same figures as were paid at the close
of last week. Old nogs have been well marketed,
and present receipts are mon:. us spring's pigs.
The ocs*. hogs sell 6-c lower than » year ago 70c
lower loan two years ago, $1 65 lower than three
years ago, and $.60 loner than four years ago.
Tne better pilces realized las week for clioce
sheep and lamos bad the effect of encouragln:
country shippers o mar.cc: their slock, and there
was a run of about 20,000 head to-day as compared
with 16,444 last Monday and 16,665 on the corre
sponding day a year ago. There was a fair.y good
demand, hut tiie llbeial supply caused a weaker
fee ing, and prices were about 10c per hundred
pounds lower.
CATTLE— Receipts. 14.000. Fancy beeves, $5 26
_*5 35; choice to prime steers, *' 85p*t5 '.0; good
to choice steers. $4 40®4 »0; medium steers,
$4 10® 1 35; fair oeef steers $3 80®. 05: com
mon beef steers. $3 60@3 75: good to prim" sto.-k
--ers an I feeder*. $3^o@ll*>: common to good
do, $3 0044 .5; bulls, choice to extra, $3 60
(_£.'. 76: do poor to choice, $i 40@3 40; cows and
heifers, choice to prime. $.' 7o®l 5 : cows, fair
to choice, *2 As@3 65; do common to fair canuers,
*1 80.i®'_ 60; calves, good to fancy, $5 75©S -5;
do common to good, $4 2 *>®*> 50: 'lexas ed steers,
fair to choice. $3 50®4 30: Texas cows, bulls and
oxen, .?.' -'ft®:' 50; milkers and springeis, ' per
head. $_5@50.
UuUS-Kecelpts, 42.000. Heavy packing and
shipping lots,' $3 30(_S3 5: common to choice
mixed. $3 40(<_3 65; cnoice assorted, $3- 60®
a 60; light. $3 15® ; .6: pigs $3 25®3 65. -
bHEEP— Receipts. 20.000. Inferior to choice,
$2 50&4 25; lambs, $3 5023 55.
Receipts at Omaha. i ':
-ni'TH OMAHA. M-rr.. Feb. 22— HOGS- Re
ceipts, 2800. Mirket stronger. Light and mixed,
9» '65(016 45: heavy, f.i 40.
CATTLh. — Receipts. 170 >. Market steady: best
strong. (Steers, $" 50©4 50; cows, $1 60@3 CO
feeder-, *3 2? (a, 1 25. i- > •-%- -
SIIKKI'- Kecelnts. :-500. Market steady, active.
Western muttons, $3 00. ..'^ :
Receipts at Kan sis City.
KANSA« CITY. Mo.. Feb. 22. — CATTLE—
Receipts, 4000. Market steady. Native dressed
beeves, $- 60@i 70; cows ana heifers, $2 40(<_)
3 30: s'ockers and feeders. $3 20@3 80; Texas
and Western, 92 7_@.l __&; calves, 4(_*lo.
hous- Receipt*. 770U Prices same as on Sat
urday. Llttht. 93 33@3 43; Heavy, S3 40(B3 47"A
--pigs, 9S 50©4 .0. '.'„ 7 ** r *'
MiKKI'-ltcMnU. 4000. Market steady.
OCEAN ST_-ABIEKS.
Dates of Departure From San Francisco.
STKAMKIiS TO A. RIVE.
cU.v, MOON AM) TlDii.
UT-rntn States Coast and Geod*.™. Btr-nr-r
Times **• Heights of "'«H AND LOW
Waters at Fort Point Evra»».--_. w
Kan Francisco Bay. Pdrlishe^by Or_?
: CIAL AUTHORITY OI" THE T«D_ar"
Note—Tho high and low waters occur at. tr>_
City Front (Mlislon-strast Wharf) at^St twenty"
of tide Is li- me a- both plncp*. «
reftruary- 1807.
Not*— ln tho above exposition of tho tides th«
early morning tides are given In the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in ths
order of occurrence as to time. The second llm«
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
band column gives tbe last tide of the day, except
when there are bnt three tides, as sometime.
.ccors. Tho heights given are additions to tho
soundings on tho United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— precedes tho
height, and then the number given la subtract!
trom the depth given by the charts.
NOTICE TO MAKINJSKS.
' A branch of the United States Hydrographic
Office located in th* Merchants' , Exchange is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and free of
expense. . ,'..-■'■.'-.-.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sailing
direc.lons of the world are kept on nun 1 1 or com
par. and reference, and the latest information
can always be obtained regarding lights, dangers
to navigation and all matters of interest to ocean
The time ball on top of the buildln™ on Tale
graph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and ls dropped at noon. 120 th meridian, by
telegraphic signal received each day from the
United .tales Naval Observatory a: Mare Island.
Cal. > . .
! A notice stating whether the' time ball was
dropped on time, or giving the error. If any. v
pu bushel the same day oy the afternoon papers,
and by the morning papers the following day.
W. 8. Hughes.
Lieutenant, V. S. N., lv charge.
SHIPPING IMELLIGKNCK.
■■r- - ...„.,-.. -- ■ '- ~'"
Arrived.
MONDAY. February .22.
Stmr Alcazar. Gunderson. 18, 5™ "J'™"?
Gr-er.wo>d; oOOOn.iroad lies. 130 Mft lumber,
to LE White Lumber Co.
Bark Annie JoH-iao-i. Madsen. 20 days from
Bllo; pas- ai.l -u.ar, to J !• Spreckels * Mros Co
Schr Laura May, Hansen. 9 days from Port
laud; jm. it lu.uter. to D H Bibb.
Sailed.
MONDAY, February 22.
Stmr Jewel, Madsen. Caspar.
Stmr Washtenaw. Croscup, Tacoma.
Ktinr Florida Hansen. Nanalrao.
Stmr Geo W Elder. Lewis. Portland.
Stmr -Navarro, Dugnau Eure«».
Stmr Czarina, seaman. Co js Bay.
Stmr Whltesooro. Johnson.
pSimr Green wood, .agerluud.
Whal bark Ly 1 la. Jenks whaling.
Bark Oakland. Whitney. Champerlco.
benr Kettle Low. Low. Pome iteyei.
;'•■.':.;• ir-f.iT ■'■ -. Toieg;raphic. ' ;'•'-■ Hkj
POINT LOROS. Feb. 'i-L.-i> - m. — Weathsr
clear: wind XX: veioci / fl inlie*.
Domestic Porta.
SAN PEDRO- Arrived Feb 21— ->chr Alice, frm
Eureka. _, . _
E-REKA-Arnved Feb 22-Stmr Corona, hce
Feb 21. j „ m'
sailed Feb 22— Br bark Woollahra, for Sydney;
stm rs North Fork, scotla and Protection, for san
Francisco. • 7 „ '*'
PORT BLAKELEY— CIeared Feb 18-Brstmr
Pelican, for Japan. '«•"_.'»"
TACOMA— Sailed Feb 22— Schr Zampa, for
Guaymas ~t- s'-'-f
VENTURA— Arrived Feb «*tmr G Loomls,
hence Feb 20, and sailed for San Francisco.
Foreign Port*.
VANCOUVER— -"all.- 1 Feb 10— '^er bark Ari
adne, for Valparaiso. Feb 11— Br bark Wythop,
for Algoa Bay
CHEMANUIS— Feb 11— Bktn Addenda,
for Tientsin.
MOODY VlLLE— Sailed Feb 12— Br ship Speke,
for Sydney. _
HONGKONG— Arrived Feb 16— Br ship Falls of
Dee, from New York, to load for »an Francisco.
-ailed Feb 21— Br bark Sumbawa, lor San Fran
cisco.
Movements of Trans- Atlantic Steamers.
NEW YORK— Arrived Feb 22-Stmr St Paul,
from Southampton; stmr Adriatic, from Liver
pool and Queensiowu; stmr Siberian, from Glas
gow. Feb 22— stmr MiislsslssippU for London.
Sailed Feb 22— stmr Mi Mississippi, for London.
Importations. .7 ,
KILO— Per Annie Johnson— •-8,127 bags sugar,
235 green bides.
Consignees.
Per Annie Johnson— J D Spreckels ABrosCo:
William-;. Dlmond <fc Co
OCEAN TRAVEL.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP CO.
STEAMERS LEAVE BROADWAY __/bg!lm
wharf. San Francisco, as follows: Wslliifff.
For Man Island. Lorlng, Wrangel. Juneau. Kll-
Usnoo and Sitka (Alaska), a: 9 a. St.. Feb. 10, 25.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send. Seattle, Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes and
New Wi atcom (Belllngham Bay. Wash.), 9 a. tt.
Feb. 4, 10, 15, 20, 26, and every fifth day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P. R.
R., at 'I 'aroma with N. P. R.R., at Seattle with U.
N. Ry., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For ICureka, Area. a and Fields Landing (Hum-
boldt Bay), str. Pomona 2r. St., Feb. 1, 5,9, 13,
17, 21. 25, and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cayucos,
Port Harford (San 1 uls Obispo), Gaviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme, San Pedro, East Saa
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. tt.
Feb. 3. 7. 11, 15, 19. 23, 27, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For san Diego, stopping only at Port Harrorl
(San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Los An-
ceies. Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
a.m. Feb. 1, 6, 9, 13, 17, 2 L 25, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For Ensenada, San Jose del Cabo. Mazatlan, La
Pat and Guaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
a. m. 25th of each month.
'1 be Company reserves the right to change with-
out previous notice steamers, sailing dates and
hours of sailing. Ticket office— Palace Hotel, .
New Montgomery street.
GOODALL, PERKINS <fe CO., Gen'l Agents.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
THEO.R.&N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
E^O-FLTII- .AJXT ID
From Spear-street Wharf, at 10 a. St.
FA DPf-13 First-class 1 Including
m\ IXIJ , Sti Second-class /berth & meals
SCHEDULE OF BAILINGS:
George W. Elder Feb. 12,23
Statu of California Feb. 7. 17, 2?
Through tickets and through baggage to all
Eastern point*. Rates and folders upon applica-
tion to ; .
F. F. CONNOR. Gene-al Agent.
y i 630 Market street
GOODALL, PERKINS CO.. superintendents
Pan __--_«( 8. S. AUSTRALIA for
_H pfS&aalC HONOLULU only.
»■■■■■« Tuesday, Kebruar - 23.
. -. at ap. is. Special party
MSIIIP^ 1118 *• "■ ALAMFDA
HuIIIIjIHI/ & ' falls Via HONOLULU
@nPa^ S^DN^^^r^di 0 /
Vyilfp-UIMSP SYDNEY. Thursday.
Mnrch 4, at 2 p. tt.
Line to COOLG ARDIB, Aust.,and CAPETOWN
South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO- Agents.
114 Montgomery stree-.
Fre'ght Office. 327 Market st. mii .---»nH«— »
WHITE mW LOB.
United States and Royal Mall Steamer.
BXTWKKK "
New York, Queenstown & Liverpool.
SAII.tM. 1* Visit A i_„K.
CABIN. «50 AND UP WARD, ACCORD- jftrm
Ing to steamer and accommodations -BExnl
selected: second cabin, $ ,2 50 and *>l 7 60: Maj>-s..j
and Teutonic. Steerage Tickets from England, Ire-
land, Scotland, Sweden, Norway and Denmark
through to San Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets,
sailing dates and cabin plans may be procured
from W. H. AVERY, Pacific Mail Dock, or at th*
General office of the coupanv, 613 Market street,
under Grand Hotel. G. W. FLETCHER.
_ General Agent tor Pacific Coast.
COMP AMI GENERAL T-UISATUJ'fI^&i
French Line to Havre.
COMPANY'S PIER(NEW),42NO*ITH _S_tt_
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by jWi'mUl^
this line avoid both transit by English railway ani
the discomfort of crossing the channel In a small
boat. New York to Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris,
first class $160. second class $116.
LA CHAMPAGNE .Feb. 27, 8:30 a. v
LA GASCOGNE March sa. tt.
LA BRETAGNE March 13. Ba. it.
DA NORMANDIE Mar.-*) -0, 6a. tt.
t_r For further particulars apply to
A. FORGET, Agent,
No. 3, Bowling Green. New York
J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
avenue. San Francisca
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St-,
At 0 P. Ml. JJaily. Freight received up
to >::*0 P. M.
$_r Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
The onl v line selling through tickets and giving
through freight rates to ail poin.s on Valley
Rallroat'. . STEAMERS: '■ ' "•"» -.■• -.' i: '•» na'
STEAMERS:
T. C. Walker. Peters,
Mary Garratt,- City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 805. Cai. Nay. aud ImpL Cc
FOR VALLEJO ASD U. 8. MVY-YARB.
STEAMER "MONTICELLO."
Dally ex. Saturday & Sun.. 10:30 a. m. and 4 p _
Saturdays »10:30A.tt.. 4 p. __
Sundays .....S _.. St.
Landing Mlsslon-stree; Dock, Pier "*.
Telephone Black 261.
•Trip gives 6 hours stop at Navy- Yard.
FOR m JOSE, LOS GATOS & SUM CRUZ
OTEAMER ALVISO LEAVES PIER 1 MOV
O-tar. Wednesday Friday, at 10 a. tt. TaJvlsa
'1 uesdav. Thursday. Saturday, at 3p. St. Pre-rh?
and Passenger. Fare between San Francim £_?
Alviso, 50c: to Ban Jose. 754. CUy £S p__ml-
_U W. banta CUraafc, San Jo__. mm, itatm
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
MTfl PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD !
IVia Sausalito Ferry). , \ ,
From San Francisco, Commencing Sept. 13, 183 i
WEEKDAYS.
F ?^i ll Va,l «*y and San Rafael— *7:2s. *3:15,
11:U0a. m. «1:45. 3:45, •5:15. *>:4j, . :30 p.m.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, Wednes-
days and Saturdays a; 11 :30 p. if.
SUNDAYS.
r l , -} 1 .l Valley and Sun Rafael— *8:00.»10:00
•11:30 a. St. : •l^O, 3:00, *4:30. 6:15 st.
trains marked ■* run to san Uuentin.
THROUGH TRAINS.
For Point Reyes and way stations— a. st
Weekdays, ,8 :00 a. ML Sundays, 1:45 p. m. Satur-
■ i- or Caiadero and wav stations— 7:2s a. ii n eet
days : 1:45 p. m. Saturdays. X !
I
Bißaiaß-i_S-5-C-ag--S-__BB__ESBa-_
U3b#s MANHOOD RESTOREDSSI
BIK <^" Pi X* 1 '*»""(*? tlon 0I » 'amous French physician, will quickly cure you of all ncr- I
■ \\\ s__\ I\> . ! \l -1 008 or diseases of the generative organs, such as Lost Manhood '
I \ MM V» ______ . 1 1ls °mti la. Pains In the Back, Seminal Emissions, Nervous Debility' <
1 I j^^^ A ' , "*y Pimples, Unfitness to Marry, Exhausting Drains, Varicocele aiid
3 ■ J \fc___ J Lonstipation. It stops all losses by day or night Prevents quick.
jx *»*ak^*^ hess of discharge, which if not checked leads to Spermatorrhea and
BBEFORL a.no AFTER ?.' the horrors of Impotency. «' I DESK cleanses tbeUver, p__6
■ oir-m-vn ♦-_-.-._ kidneys and the urinary organs of all imparities. . *
riI,ESE strengthens and restores small weak organs. .*•••■■
p«__.A, he .. r * e . aso 9,s?,f?J?.C*S^ e ' no ' wired by Doctors is because ninety per c-nf. are troubled wlt_
■Toots! I tin. _SFJ_I? KN , the on, *»>** remedy to cure without an ration. 5000 testimnn-
_ S A« written guarantee given and money returned If six boxes does not effect a permanent xu»
|LOO a box, six for $5.00, by mail. Send for frse circular ami testimonials. • F-»uuuie_,ictt-«
A_dre-. A* A VOL M-SOICIN-. CO.. 1170 Market street, San Francisco, CaL For sa.e by
> V lil-OUK-s' I'UAHi'-.tV, 118 Powell a.U
RAILROAD TRAVEL. %-J\ •*7.'
-toMiiKßi _-A«*I*"IC wWAmr.
(PACIFIC: S-KTBH. 1
LEAVE — -bom February 15, 1597 — a nni via
-tt:OOA Niles, San Jos.- and Way stations ... »:•*-".,
7:«>Oa Atlantic Express. Ogdeu and Mart.. 8:4.1,
7:OOA.Benida, Vacaville, Kutf*^-. Sacra-
mento. OroTille and Redding via
Davis v,-;,--;" »*__' 0:451>
7:*«>A Martinez, San Ramon, \ allejo, Napa,
Caliitoga and Santa Rosa 6:13»
B:3Ua Niles, Sun Jose. Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, Marysville, Chico,
Tehama and Red J 'lull ".:**...
•8:30.v Peters aud Mi1t0n..... •7:15 ! .
9-OOa New Orloans Kxprust, Raymond (for
VosumiteV Fro-no, llakcrsllelil.
Santa pßarbata, l«aA«g«I«s, Dc-a-
ing, El Paso, New Orleans and
East 4:4-1.1
»:00 a Martinez and Stockton 4:4.-. ?
U:OU A Vallejo .••• 8:15 P
Nilus, Han J^e, Llvermoro and
Stockton 7:13r-
•I:OOp Sacramento River Steamers •-:«»•?
l:OOp Niles, San Jo-e and i.ivermcre 8:43 A
1 1 :;;Op Port Costa and Way Stations 17:45,
4:UOi> Martinez, San Ramon. Vallejo,
Napa, Callstot'a, I*l Verauo and
Santa Rosa 0 1 1 5 *
4: OOp Benicia, . Vacaville, Woo.llanii,
Knights Lauding, Marysville, t)ro-
villo and Sacramento 11:13 a
_:3n_- Lathrop. Stockton, Modesto, Mer-
ced and Fresno, going via Niles,
returning via Martinez 11i43a
S:OOpLo9. Angeles Express. Tracy.
Fresno, Santa Barbara and Los 7.....
Angeles '.«-A
SiCHIP Santa Fe Route, Atlantic Express -,
for Mojave and East .' '• 45 a
8:00p Europuaii Mali, Ogden and East.... 9:13 A
6:OOi- Hay-vanla, Nilesand Nan .lose 7:13*
{7:00 p Vallejo 17:43»
7*80.1 Oregon E.preas, Sacramento, Marys-
ville, Redding, Portland. Puget
Sound ami East H:l3a
*_10:08p " Sunset Limited." Fresno, Los
Angeles. HI Paso, New Orleans
anil East jl2>4*lp
SANTA CKD's_l»lVl**loy (Narrow GauitO).
SIISA Neivark.C'entervili. -.San. lose.
Boulder Creek.Santa Cruz and Way
• - 7 Stations .' Bi3op
•a«lsp Newark, Centerville, San Jose, New
\ Almaden, Felton, lluulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations , "II :80a
4:15 - Newark, San Jui-o and Los <iatos ... 8:30 a
tll:_*"P Hunters' Excursion, San Joso and
Way Stations - 7 * 20 ?
COAST DIVISION (Third X Towiiwpiiil Ms.)
4*:-13 a Sau Jose ami Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) 1:30?,
Bil3a Hun Jose, Tres Pino-, Santa Cruz,
Pacilic Grove, Paso Roliles, Sau
Luis Obispo, Guadalupe, Surf and '•''
Principal Way StaMous 7:00,
lOi.Oa San Jose and Way Stations 5:00-.
I1:30a Palo Alto and Way Stations -:lt0»
•2: 1- San Mateo, Menlo Park, San .lose,
Gilroy, Tres Pinos, Santa Cruz,
Sallnas,Monteiey and PacilicCruvo *|0:IOa
-«::»op Sau Jose mid Way Stations -:-*"a
•4:30 - Sau Jose ami Way Stations *Bi(Ma
S:3Up .'oso and Pruiciiial Way Stations *8:43 a
0:30p San Joso ami Way Stations fi::i.*-v
1 1 1 : 4 .3 1 • S.-.n Jose ami Way Stations 17:4.1.',
SAN IiEAM-RO AM* llAVHAltl*> I.UCaT. "
>»0:OOa *. ? 7:LU
8:OOa 1 .!*:4.-"A
lo.oJla I Melrose, Seminary Park, J^Jf*
! *":SSpI >^hburg, San LeauUra *^g;
-iSon I Hazards. £•£
7:»Op I s.-i-i,
0:00p I < Runs through to Niles. io-'-Ob
»fll:l3pj From Niles. j IH2. : U_.
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Trom SAN FRANCISCO — Foot of Mirktt Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11-OOa.m. 11:00 *2:30 13:00
•*:00 15:00 *6:00 p.m.
From OAKLAHD— Foot of Bro-dwaj.— «fi : 00 800
10:00 a.m. 112:00 *1:03 J2:00 »3:00 t*.o3
' 'O^Qp.m. ■ -_•..: ;■:. ;■ .
A for Morning. for Afternoon.
• Sundays excepted. t Saturdays only.
J Sundays only.
___ tt Monday. Thursday and Saturday nights only.
STn« days and S»rt'rlsvs * lavs and Thn--d«v«.
SMFMCISCO&MTHPI-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry— of Market it.
San Francisco to San Kafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00, 11:00 a. St.: 13:***.
8:30, 5:19. 8:30 p.m. Thursdays— Extra trip
ax 11 ..JO p. St. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:5
and 11:30 p. si.
I "SUNDAYS— 9:30, 11*00 a. St.; 1:30, 3rjJ,
6:00, 6:20 P. St.
San Rafael to Sun Frsncl-cn.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. it.-
-12:45, 3:40, 5:10 p. M. Saturdays— Extra trips
at 1:55 p. v. and 6:35 p. _.
i "SUNDAYS— v; .11, 9:40, 11:10 a. St.; 1:40, 3:13. ,
6:00, 6:25 P. v.
: Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Pari saras
schedule as above. ■
Leave t n .>,_-. Arrive
San Fruuclsco. Oct? 14. __________________
Wkkk I Sax- ___}___lli__l I Sox- I Wkkk'
Days. I days, destination. I BAYS. | Da V.__
7:30 am 8:00 am I Novato, 10*40 ami 8:40 ast
3:30 pm 9:30 AM' Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:25 a*
6:10 pm j 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 est
Fuiton, [
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
HealdsDurg,
1 ytton,
Geyservllle, 1
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:22 p_t
1-ieta,
:::•'-.'-". Hopland <&
7:30 ah' 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:35 pm| 6:22
7:80 AMI *+ I __, 10:25 am
- 8:00 am GuernevlUe. 7:36 pm
8:30 pm[ __! 8*22
I 7:30 am 8:00 All Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 AH
and
6:10 PH| 6:00 PM Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am|8:00 ami sebastODOl l 1 _ : JR AM t I 2 : H„ AS *
3:3oPMis:oopM| aebaato P°'" I 6:10 PM; 6:22ph
•Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Map. West
Springs: at Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs: at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pleta for Highland
Springs, Kelseyvllie, Soda Bay and i-alceport; at
Hopland for Lakeport and Bartiett Springs; at
Ukiah for Vichy springs, Saratoga Springs. B.uj
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter
! Valley. Jonn Day's, Riverside. Llerley's, Buck-
■ nells, Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville, Booneville,
1 lireenwood, Orr's Hot Springs. Mendocino City,
i Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal, wilier... cahto, Co-
I velo. Laytonviile. Harris, Scotia and Eureka-
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets atreduoeA
"on Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
yond San Rafael at halt rata-
Ticket Offices. 650 Markets*., Chronicle hntldlnf.
A. W. FOSTER, * R. X. RYAN.
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent
Atlantic
Trains leave and arriv* at -H-yroMt-S-l-S-A
ilarkei-Street Ferry. '9__^^^_|__e3_
SAMA fFexpress. Si
Xo Chicago via A. & P .^S__J_H_So 1
\ Leaves daily at Kir. M..carrvlnr Pullman PalacJ
Drawing-room and -Modern Upholstered Tourl*;
Sleeping-cars, which run daily through to Chicaea
via Kansas City. Annex cars for Denver and £
Louis.
Boston Excursions, v. a Kansas City, Chlcage,
Montreal and the White Mountains leave evst*
Tuesday.
The best railway from California to the East
New rails, new lies; nodust: Interesting scenery,
ana good meals in Harvey's dining-rooms.
San Francisco Ticket Office, 644 Market
St.. Chronicle Kullding. Telephone Mala
, l_-.i. Oakland, Ills Broadway. l - '__
■oujrr TMiLPiis.
Trains connect with North Paclß«
Coast Railroad.
WEEK DAYS— Leave a F. 9:11 a. m. 1:4% P. H.
-..,%? t, i rnln «f-- Arrive S. r. 3:25 p M. 6:20 p. m. -
SUNDAYS— LeaveS.F.BA.M 11::"Ca.m. 1:3- ph.
Returning— Arrive 1:15 p. m 4:20 p.m. 7:35 p. It
Tickets tor sale In Mill Valley or
_r.>.T. HO ** COOK * UONpS, tin Market su, 8. F.
MUX Valley and Mount Tani-Jpals beaale kiUtai,
THE m RISC-SCO ffi SAU.Apj
VALLEY lIILWiI CO.IP.iU.
FROM JANUARY 31, 1897, passenger trains
will run daily: .
s^uihbound. Stations. Northbound.
7:20 a. M :. ...Stockton ...t:40?. m.
9:49 am Merced 3:14 p m.
11:10 a M.: ...Fresno 1:10 p. *.
• For Intermediate sta'ions see ti. -'--table.
Connecting steamboats of the C. N. & I. , Co.
j 'cave Ban -Rauclsco a d Stockton at 6 p. m. daily.LIVES IN FEAR
OF A TRAGEDY
Strange Story Told by a
Wife About a Hus
band's Jealousy.
He Is Ordered by tie Police to
Cease His Espionage of
Her.
The Couple Have Separated and Mrs.
.. Reeder Says a Divorce Would
B7 Agreeable.
• Oakland Office Ran Francisco Call,
9-8 Broadway, Feb. 22. f
Mrs. Reader, who resides at the Henry
Hou<e, told a peculiar story to-day, in
which her husband and a friend of the
family figured prominently.
Several months ago R»eaer and his wife
separated and Mrs. Reeder went to work
at tho' Henry House on Ninth street so
that she could support her two children.
Ever since she has bean thero her husband
has kept watch over her in. a most un
pleasant manner and bas had not the
slightest excuse for so doing. Las: night
the police were called to the house to pro
' tect the life of Christopher Miller.
Mr. Miller has long been a friend of the
Heelers and Mr. Reeder is extremely jeal
ous whenever Mr. Miller calls at the Henry
House. Last evening Miller was at the
house, and as he was about to leave h« no
ticed Reeder patrolling about in front of
the house on the street. Fearing that his
intentions were not altogether pleasant
Miller called up the police by telephone
and when they arrived he reported the
situation to them.
•The officers searched Reeder and found
that he hud no weapons on him. They
therefore sent the two men in different
directions, but refused to make an arrest.
"I only wish he would get a divorce,"
said Mrs. Reeder to-day; "and if that is
ail he wants he can have it as soon as
poss.il le. He deserted me last Septem
ber, when my baby was only six weeks
old. 1 have Been married to him for ten
years, and we have live children, and
when he left me my friends advised that
I net a divorce, but I hated the notoriety
and trouble. The baby and the oldest
child, a girl, are with me, and the Chil
dren's Society forced him to support the
three little boys.
"Ii is not at all pleasant to live in fear
of a tragedy. I have been working I ere
since last October, and Mr. Mi ler has
always been a friend of ours. Reeder's
position is an absurd one, and I wish he
wouid get a divorce and leave me alone."
Mr. Miller is a well-known business
man, and Mrs. Reeder says she is sorry
tbat her husband's actions have created
borne notoriety, as she fears it will hurt
his business.
JUNIORS WIN THE TROPHY
They Capture th: University
EasebaiJ Champion sbip From
the Stomatologists.
< , i
In Their Freshman Year ths Class of
. '58 Won th 9 Trophy and N.w
Tfcey Have It Again.
' BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 22.— 8y a score
of 24 to 15 the junior class at tbe State
University won the class chamnionsnip
pUd silver trophy for the year 1897 from
the dental college team tbis afternoon on
the Berkeley diamond, thus adding
another victory to its long list of suc
cesses.
In their freshman year tbe juniors won
the championship and cup. They lost it
to the freshmen last year, and now they
bave it again.
The day was clear and the diamond in
; perfect condition, thus rendering good
■ field work and fast base-running possible.
• So evenly were the teams matched ana so
( close did the score run that it was a toss
up even at the beginning of the eighth in- j
ning as to who would finally win cut. Up j
to that time it was anybody's game.
In the eighth the Juniors started their I
procession around the diamond and by
'the time the third man was out they bad
eight run*. When the Dentals came to I
the bat for the last half of the same in- !
■■nine they did not make a tally. The game
was characterized by the many base hits
and errors, especially those of Finlay at
third. H ag made several brilliant' left
field catches, and Foster and Kuster each
made a Home run. Wheeler did well be
hind tbe bat, and dest.ite bis loss through
errors Finlay did some clever base-steal
ing.
The Dentals seemed particularly un
fortunate in having men left 0:1 bases.
When their side retired at the end they
• had three players on bases. From the
following notes on the plays tome idea as
. to the general run of the game may be
' gleaned:
/• Base bits— Dentals 16. Junior* 8. Errors—
1 Dentals 13, Juniors 14. Home run"— Foster
I fca-l Kuster. Two-base hit— Hoajr. Three-base .
libit— Wilso p. Struck out— Jarvis 4, by
.• Xn«ter 7. Pastel b ..lis— Foster 2. Bases on
bail.— JarvisG, Kuster 12. *
The players and their positions were as
follows:
Junior-, Position. Denta'a.
loser U-tcner Wheeler
Jarvisj. ....Plu.ber Kusier
Wiisoa First base Men ton
Biasing- rue >eroa_ base Henderson
*Baer Third ba.e.. Fiuiiiy
Budd Sli rt-iop MiKee
Yeung Kiuht Held M Ihr
Proctor Ct-n.er field Jones
lira? Left, field ..Baco .
tmp'rea — Hennessey and Coho. Scorers —
'Crawford ana Baiter.
Exempt Firemen's Ball.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 22.— The Exempt
• Firemen gave a masquerade ball to-night
at Germania Hall. Although the old fire
laddies were very much in evidence there
was a large attendance of gues'.s of a
younger generation, and dancing and
merriment were continued till long after
midnight.. Many of the characters were
! striking and original, and the carnival
was one of the most successful of its kind
ever given in this city.
A Young Patriot'^ Accident.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 22.— Wi1l Bar
ris, who resides on Madison street, was
seriously hurt this morning by being
thrown from his horse. He was riding
down Twelfth street when the horse be
came frightened, broke tbe bridle and
threw tbe lad on the stone sidewalk. He
was seriously bruised and after being at
. it- nded to in an adjacent doctor's office,
I'vas conveyed to his home.
I --y. Father Yorke to Lecture.
/ OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 22.— Rev. Peter
' C. Yorke will lecture next Friday evening
in reply to Dr.Coyle's lecture of a month
ago. Fattier Yorke was to have pelivered
this lecture three weeks ago, but was pre
vented from doing so because of illness.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
It is to be given under the auspices of the
League of the Cross. The lecture will be
even at the Macdonough Theater and the
subject is. "The Catholic Church the
Fortress of Freedom."
VERY SLIGHT HOPE.
The State Fair Bill Cannot Be Fat
Through.
OAKLAND, Cat.., Feb. 22.— 1t is not
probable that anything definite will be
done toward bringing the State Fair to
Oakland at this session of the Legislature.
Several of the Alameda delegation were in
Oakland to-day, and they said that the
scheme, while a good one, is hardly feas
ible at this time.
At a general meeting of the Board of
Trade and Merchants' Exchange held this
afternoon Assemblyman Leavitt discussed
the matter with the directors present .
"This subject has been brought up very
late in the session," said Mr. Leavitt.
"The time has not passed for the presen
tation of bills. The one providing for the
removal of the fair to Oakland was handed
in Saturday, and it will be impossible to
get it through inside of five days for ac
tion by the House. Every member of our
delegation is ready to push matters to the
utmost, but it is almost impossible to suc
cessfully handle the measure at this late
date. Rather than make a losing ficht it
would be better to let the matter pass for
the time being. Then, too.* it is under
stood that Governor Budd is opposed to
the removal of the fair, and even if we
should secure the passage of the bill there
is every chance thai the Governor would
veto It."
Assemblyman Howard Wright expressed
similar views to the directors, and it is
probable that the bill may not be pushed
at this session.
LITTLE HARTLEY DIES.
Another Chapter to the Foley Tragedy
in Nevada.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 22.— Attorney
George W. Baker received a dispatch from
Reno to-day announcing the death o: the
infant chill of Mrs. E. C Hartley, the
artist, who shot Senator Foley in 1894.
The death of this child abruptly ends a
most important probate case pending in
the courts of Nevada. Th- case was to
have been bitterly fought out during the
next month, but to-day's news practically
ends it. - ."'.* "7 *
The child in question was born after tbe
conviction of Mrs. Hartley for murder in
the second degree; and she produced an
instrument in writing, in which the
Nevada Senator recognized the child as
his own. Proceedings were commenced
several months ago to recover one-half of
the Foley estate for the child, the other
heirs being the widow, mother, sister and
three brothers of the deceased. Attorney
Baker represented the Eastern heirs,
Harry Mayenoaum of San Francisco
represented the child and various other
counsel represented the otner interests.
The case would . aye been tried in a few
days, but now nothing more will probably
be heard of it.
BIMETALLI3TS BANQUET.
Enjoyable Occasion of a Feast of Ilea
son and Flow of Soul.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. 22.— Tbe Bi
metallic Club partook of a sumptuous
banquet at the Park Hotel to-night.
Forty covers were laid, nearly all
of which were used. F. W. Voogt,
president of the club, acted as
toa-tmaster and read a letter from M. F.
Tarpey, first vice-president, who is now in
the City oi Mexico. "Oar Country" was
the first toast, and was responded to by
N. J. Manson. Dr. W. O. Smith followed
on 'Our Club," and F. S. Crandall on
"Practical Politics.".- -. -•.-".- ' - •.
"The Press" was ably treated by A. P.
Steifvater of the Areas. "Tne Advance
Atrent of Prosperity" was handled by CL,
Wei or, after which Mr. Horst sang a solo.
"The Absent Ones" (Goldites) gave Post
master T. C. Stoddard an opportunity to
get off considerable humor. Dr. llobin-on
spoke upon "The Irrepressible Conflict,"
and Jonn O'Brien told "Why I Voted
for Bryan." "The Men Tnat the Times
Require" was the subject of an earnest
appeal by Mr. Cubery. Mr. Haucb ex
plained the "Cause of the Prevailing De
pression." "Our Leader and Our Cause"
was G. W. Arbuckle's subject. The pro
gramme was completed by Kane on
the "Patriarc 1 of the Club" at a late hour.
PLANTED A TREE.
How the High School Class Celebrated
Yesterday.
OAKLAND, Cal, Feb. 22.—At the high
school to-day a walnut tree that had been
grown from a seed taken from Washing
ton's grave was planted with due cere
mony by the students. Will Stewart
acted as master of ceremonies and made a
patriotic speech, in which he character
ized George Washington as an example
for every one to follow.
Clarence Creed spoke of the home life of
Washington; the literary life of the great
man was set forth by Walter Fncksiadt;
Jewett Earle -.poke of Washington's mili
tary life, and Principal McChesney fin
ished the oratory with a tribute for the
benefit of schoolboys.
The tree, which is about six feet high,
was planted in the southeast corner of the
grounds, and several pupils helped to
throw in the earth.
Protected the Pigeons
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb 22.— Mrs. San
ford, secretary of the Humane Society,
sent Constable Lerri to Haywards to-day
to watch a live-pigeon shooting-match
given by the Haywards Gun Cub. It was
reported that she intended to stop the
match, but this was not true. Mrs. San
ford said: "I sent Officer L3rrl down to
Haywards and instructed him to act in a
conservative way. Wo do not object if
■ the birds are shot dead, but if they are
merely wounded we are ]u-iitied in inter
fering." There were no arrests made.
•h" Republican Campaign.
OAKLAND, Cal.. Feb. 22.— Repub
lican City Central Committee has ar
ranged the following meetings for the
campaign, at wh eh all of the candidates
are invited to be in attendance:
First Ward, at Hansen's Hall, Friday
evenine, February 26: Seoond Ward
Thursday evening, February 2.-); Fourth
ard,\\ ednpsday evening, March 3; Fifth
«X ar< _' i' aay evening, March 2; Sixth
Ward, Thursday evening, March 4; Sev
enth Ward, Wednesday evening Febru
ary 24, and Friday evening. March 5.
Death of Two Citizen*.
OAKLAND, Cal, Feb. 22.—Michael
Fox, the fathei of James Fox. the well
known amateur boxer, died suddenly early
this morning. As no physician could be
summoned before death intervened an in
quest will he held.
Edward V. Sourdry. a wealthy property
owner of this city, died Saturday night at
his home In Linda Vista Terrace, lie
was unmarried and lived with his mother
The deceased was 41 years of age. *
Suspicion Rests on Hla -on.
OAKLAND. Cal.. Feb. 22.—William
Stanelf and Fred Devote have been ar
rested on suspicion of bay ng ransacked
the Stanelf residence at Frutivale. They
were captured in San Francisco and were
brought to the County Jail this afternoon.
One of the young men under arrest is a
son of the man whose house was robbed.
m m »
I
'7-. 7 Gun Club Soore
HAYWARDS. Cal., Feb. 22.— The Hay
wards Gun Club had a bluerock content
to-day. The scores were: H. L. Mann 18,
Frank Hofleng 17.. John Ooermueller 16,'
George Smalfey 14. S. Simons 15, G. S.
Langdon 5.- Twenty was the possible.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1897.
RAISED THE FLAG
AND NONE FORBADE
No Further Trouble at
the Eighth- Avenue
Church.
The Difficulty With the Trustees
Adjusted and the Boys
Triumphant.
Visiting Brigade Handsomely Enter
tained Dr. Carroll Explains
the Unique Ceremony.'
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,.
908 Broadway, Feb. 22. J
The flax-raising by the Boys' Brigade
at tbe Eighth-avenue Methodist Church
this afternoon came off according to pro
gramme, notwithstanding the opposition
of Trustee Watson, who forbade the plac
ing of the 11-.pole upon the church Satur
day afternoon. .7 7
The difficulty was adjusted yesterday,
and there was no necessity for the brigade
to carry out its threat of using force to
protect the workmen while placing the
flagstaff in position this morning.
In the auditorium of the church exer
cises were held, presided over by Dr. S. J.
Carroll and Colonel William de Wolf of
the Second Reeiment. The altar was
decorated with flags, oue of which, a band
nome silken affair, with a glided stand
ard, was presented to Company B, Second
Reeiment, two years ago, when the com
pany carried off the honors in a competi
tive drill in the Mechanics' Pavilion.
Miss Mabel Walker and Mrs. Minnie K.
Henderson sang patriotic solos, after
which Dr. Carroll delivered a short ad
dress. Among other things he said:
"The hoisting of the flag over the church
to-day is a startling innovation to some
and yet it is entirely proper 10 do so. A
short time ago there was not a cross upon
tbe Methodist Episcopal church. It was
the first to have one put upon the church
and now many of the churches have fol
lowed our example. The flag-raising is
another innovation. Surely if the stars
and stripes are proper as a decoration
upon our altar it is suitable on the.ex
terior of our churches. The flag is raised
over the part of the church which is de
voted to social meetings. Its presence Is
most appropriate and fittng from its
significance as a symbol. The flag stands
for a great idea, human liberty."
The flag-raising then took place. As the
firing squad, consisting of Sergeant
Schnoor, Privates C. L'oyd, De Wolf and
Evans, tired their talute the flag was
raised, and as soon as it reached u»e mast
head tbe "Star-spangled Banner" was
sung by all, being led by Sergeant Kemp
kev on his silver cornet.
The visiting companies from San Fran
cisco and Aiameua were entertained at
luncheon by the officers of Company D.
The other companies who joined in the
ceremonies were Company Fof the How
ard-street M. E. Church. San Francisco,
and Comp in Gof ths Congregational
cburcb, Alameda. .-■-•- •
NELLIE CONROY IS QUEEN
Closing Day of the Great Inter
state Coursing Club's
Meeting.
Myrtl* Won the Derby Stakes and
Eelle Brandon Took the Mayor
Phelan Pr:zj
It has been tbe province of the Inter
state Coursing Club to put tbe bound aud
rabbit sport on a healthy footing in this
City. Their annual meeting which began
last Sunday at Ingleside Park, terminat
ing at sundown yesterday, brought to
gether the better class of sportsmen and
the finest breeds of bounds.
The rabbits, strong and fleet after a fow
weeks feeding in tbe corrals of the club's
vast field, were able to give the bounds a
run and make the races more exciting.
This is the first time in the history of
coursing here that men, women and chil
dren have crowded into a grand stand to
the number of over 2000 each day and
viewed the races in comfort, and it may
also be mentioned that never before have
the judges' decision been accepted without
adverse criticism. '-:>.:.'.:-
John Grace, who held that exalted posi
tion, and his son, James F. Grace, the
slipper, have registered themselves at this
meeting as the most impartial and clever
est that the coursing people have had to
rely upon.
Tne three stakes that were run off in
the two days were: Tn.- all-axed dogs,
forty in number, the prizes ranging from
$300, $150 and $75 to $37 60. Tnis stake
was, ot course, the ni.t.n one. The next
was tbe derby with fourteen entries, lor
puppies whelped on or after August 1,
1895. Finally came the saplings, lourteen
entries, whelped on or after February 1,
1896.
The silver cup to tbe winner ln the last
class was presented by Hon. James D.
Phelan, and the .stake will henceforth be
known by the name of Belle Brandon,
yesterday's winner, who is owned by Tom
Hall oi Merced. She is a Johnny Rex out
of Annie Laurie.
However, Nellie Conroy is queen!
tine is the monarch of the California
coursing field, and as pretty a black-and
white hound as ever pursued a hare. Her
winning of the John Grace challenge cup
for all-aged dogs earned her the title. She
proved her right to it by defeating the
pick of the best dogs in the kennels of
tnis and adjoining States, and a half
dozen of the crackerjacks ought here
irom the East7;glS§
She is ir. m importe 1 stock. Royal Crest
out of Daisy 11, but she was bred in Cali
fornia. Her owners, Messrs. Grace and
Dean, are two of the leading coursing pa
trons in the State, and their win is a pop
ular one.
In the all-aged stakes the runs were as
follows: 77.
FIRST TIES.
Eclipse-Valley Mad— On a good run Eclipse
got tho turn, worked the hare lor three turns,
placed the Maid, who cleverly retained pos
session until she had rolled up hall a dozen
points, when Eclipse came ln, turned, killed
and won. Score, I) to 7.
S-ircssUc-Mooudyne— got the turn by
half a length ln a very close run up, placed
Sarcastic, wno we;. ton for thre- points, when
Moondyne came In, turned, killed and won.
Score, 0 to 3.
Bed of Stone-Susie— After a no-go race Susie
led to the hare by three lengths, and in a long
course clearly showed bet superiority, win
ning after a clever, merited kill. Score, 20 to 0.
Brandon Belle-Mohawk— Brandon Belle got
the turn by three len-tns, simply smotUerinK
Mohawk thereafter, winning by a score of 12
to 3.
W«yfarcr-Fla<-hlight— a no-go Flash
light got the i urn. by a length. Some very
clever give-and-take work followed, Flashlight
scoring a neat kill and winning a good race.
Score 9 to 6.
Emln Pasha-Commodore— led to
the turn by a length and a half, went on for
two turns, placed Pasha for a point, came in
on the turn. Pasha driving in, turning, killing
and losing. Score 7to 4.
St. Lawrence-Master Glenkirk— Lawrence
was awarded the run-up by five lengths. In a
grueling course of 31 points St. Lawrence al
lowed Glenkirk but 8 points. Score 23 to 8.
Old Glory-Fear Not— Old Glory took the turn
by two lengths, and in a well-run course al
lowed last year's cup-winner but 3 points.
Score 6 to 3.
Grace Darling-Nellie Conroy— Grace led to
the hare by a good length, Nellie coming in on
the turn and working puss for three points,
placing Grace for two points, Nellie again
coming in lor a turn, kill and win. Score, 6
to 3.
West Slde-Granuale— a no-go, West Side
led to the hare by two and a half lengths, clev
erly picking the nare up. Score, sto 0.
SECOND TIES.
Ecllpse-Moondyne— pair of dogs were
slipped to a demon of a hare, who took them
clear across the field. In a great course
Eclipse demonstrated that ne Is a great dog.
leading the crack Moondyne three lengths to
the hare and more than holding his own every
time they came together. Score, 14 to 9.
Susie-Brandon Brandon Belle led all
the way, taking tne turn by two and a naif
lengths, working puss very cleverly and win
ning a corking race by a .core of 10 to 7.
Flashlight-Commodore — Commodore got the
turn by two lengths. Some fast work fol
lowed, mostly in favor of Commodore. Score,
9 to 5. :.:' '•.•".7,----, :.;'
St. Lawrence-Old Glory— a very short
course St. Lawrence led three lengths to the
hare, Glory coming in for the kill and losing.
Score, 3 to 2.
Nellie Conroy-West Side— was one of
the longest courses of the day, West Side get
ting the turn by a scant length, placing Nellie,
who kept possession for seven points, scoring
a great kill and winning a great course.
Score, 7 to 3.
I p . . . . THIRD TIES.
Eclipse-Brandon Belle— ln a short course
Brandon Belle got the turn by a length and a
half, when Eclipse drove in, killed and lost j
Score, 3 to 2. '■'■Vj J
Commodore-St. Lawrence— ln a straight run
up the field St. Lawrence shut out the Com- !
modore pontiles-, leading him two and a half
lengths and picking up the hare. Score. 4
too.
Nellie Conroy ran a bye with Sarcastic, Nel
lie getting the flag, not allowing Sarcastic to
score. Score, 6 to 0.
FOURTH TIES.
Brandon Belle-Nellie Conroy— a great
course Nellie Conroy got the flag after some of
the finest coursing ever seen in Ingleside
Park. Nellie got the turn by a length and
simply beat Brandon Belle every time they
came together. Score. IS to 10.
FINAL.
St. Lawrence-Nellie Conroy— After a no-go
the dogs wire slipped to a veritable demon of
a jack. St. Lawrence got the turn from Nellie
and went on for two more points. Nellie then
came in on her turn and kept possession from
that time on, placing St, Lawrence on her turn,
but going by him like a flash whenever they
came together, winding up with a great kill.
Score, 14 to 9.
In the Derby stake tbe rang were:
FIRST TIES.
Hazel Glenn-Alice I)— Hazel led to the hare
by a length ana a hail and ln a slashing course
defeated Alice D by a score of 14 to 8.
Tessie Falr-Conuemara— Connemara got the
turn by two and a halt lengths, worked very
cleverly, allowing Tessie four points. Score,
IU to 4.
Myrtle-Miss Sadler— ln a short course Myrtle
led by three lengths and made a sharp pick
up, Score, sto 0.
Doncastt-r ran a bye with Tessie Fair, Don
caster getting the Aug.
SECOND TIES.
Hazel Glen-Con;. emara—C'onnemara got the
turn by a length, and in a close corner got the
decision. Score, 5 to 3.
Myrtle-Doncasier— ln a long course across
the field Myrtle showed the speed and clearly
outworked Doncaster. Score, 16 to 4.
FINAL,
Connemara-Myrtle— ln a long course across
the field Myrtle shut out Connemara, taking
tbe turn by three lengths, following up with 2
points, when puss escaped. Score, sto 0.
In tbe saplings stake the runs were:
FIRST TIES.
North role-Occidental— Occidental got the
first two turns, when North Pole cam* in and
kept possession to a win. Score. 12 to 8.
Cnile Pepper-Gallant Foe— Chile Pepper led
to the hare by two lengths, and in a short
course got the Aug. Score, 8 to 5. .
Perfecto-Belle Brandon —In a fast course
across tho field Belle Eronden gave Perfecto a
good thrashing. Score. 15 to 7.
SECOND TIES.
North Pole and Belle Brandon. After a
no-go Belle Brandon simply made a monkey of
North Pole, leading him to the hire by three
points and putting him out pointless in »a
slashing course. Score, 10 to 0.
Chile Pepper and Cavalier. All in favor of
Chile Pepp.-r, who led by three lengths and
won a good course. Score, 8 to 4.
'.■777 FINAL.
Chile Pepper and Belle Brandon. Belle
Brandon leu by three lengths to a corking
hare mid simply worked all around the -'hoi
stuff" dog. Score, 10 to 5. Be.le Brandon
therefore won the P-elan cup.
BARRY Off LIBERTY.
The San Francisco Editor at the
• T. mm. i. Celebration.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 22.— The local
councils of the Young Men's Institute
hold a grand celebration to-night ,at the
Exposition building. The committee of
arrangements was selected from all three
councils, as follows:
From Council No. O— R. H. Hammond, George
W.Brown, C.J.Harrington, A. D. McK.nnon,
William F. Duddy.
From Council No. B— Dan McCarthy, James
Henneberry, M. K. Bronner, J. Healy, Thomas
Nnone.
From Council No. 31— M. A. Mclnnis, C. H.
O'Connor, J. D. Mulgrew, Dau Hark ins, George
L. Doolan.
The officials were: W. V. Harrington,
chairman; John S. Gilmore, secretary;
Fred D. Healy. treaurer. *
In addition to being a Washington's
birthday celebration the occasion also
marked the second anniversary of Y. M. I.
day.
The opening address was made, by R
H. Hammond, president of Oakland
Council No. 6. He paid a very eloquent
tribute to the man whose memory was
honored, and Introduced Frank Valerga,
who sang a solo. A vocal trio, consisting
of J. W. Solen, W. J. Rattigan and G. G.
Havward, rendered one number and Mrs.
M. W. Carr sang "Waiting."
James H. Barry of San Francisco was
the orator of the evening. His subject
was "The Spirit of tbe Constitution."
He referred to the unemployed in .San
Francisco and said that such a spectacle
was opposed to the spirit of tbe constitu
tion and that so lon.' as a million men
had to slave that one might get rich there
could b° no such thing as liberty and the
constitution might never have been
written.
Mr. Barry's remarks were applauded,
and as he referred to the large portrait of
Washington over the^ platform, which
was draped with tbe National colors, the
cheering was deafening. The exercises
concluded with* the singing of "Three
Cheers for the Red, White and Bine."
Ladies Honor the * vires.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 22.— The Ladies'
Republican League tendered a banquet
this evening to the Airay and Navy Re
publican League at the la ter'a headquar
ters. Several of the candidates for muni
cipal offices' made short speeches. The
object of the banquet was to welcome
Captain Thomas, the mayoral candidate,
after bis severe illness, but at the last min
ute a doctor's message was received stat
ing that Captain Thomas is still too ill to
attend. The hall was crowded and the
banquet tables were filled more than once.
Of Jnter-*t to the Coast.
WASHINGTON. D. C, Feb. 22.— Julian
Morton of California has been. promoted
to a position in the Treasury Department
at $1200 per annum. 7;'
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original— Alexander Conne,
Veteians' Horn*, Napa; Myron St. Clair
Cox, Laurel; Joseph 11. Keeney, Soldiers'
Home, Los Angele-. Original widow-
Kate S. F. Hale, Oakland. Widow Indian
wars— Susan A. Boyce, Calistoga. ■'-'■'■
Washington: Original— Jacob F. Harm
Spokane; Daniel Weatricg, Olympia. In.
crease Charles Mattis. Clifton. '
Oregon: j Original— William T. Kane,
Medford. ' -J *77- 0
IMMENSE THRONG
VIEWED THE RACES
The Greatest Crowd Ever
Gathered at Ingleside
Track.
Napamax Spreadeagled Her
Field in the Stake -"
Event.
Ferrier Disgrace ally Beaten by For
mal—Preston Outsprinted a Good '
'Field— Reddington Won.
On New Year's day, last it looked as
though that portion of the inhabitants of
this big City that were looking to kill
time found their way out to Ingleside
track, and if such really was the case the
same big throng filed in through the turn
stiles of the local course yesterday, the
birthday of the father of our country,
only with allot their relative*! from far
away added. The beautiful weather at
tracted the greatest crowd that has as yet
been gathered within the confines of this
magnificent racecours . From end to end
the spacious grand stand was packed with
beautiful women and their escorts. The
elite of society graced the balconies of tbe
clubhouse, and in the great betting ring
such a crowd was never before gathered.
It seemed as though every man in that
busy crowd tbat knocked and bustled one
another about had previously paid a
visit to the Mint, quietly purloined
a pocketful of -hitting twenties and then
slunk away, fully determined that' tbe
fame of Riiey Grannan as a plunger should
be dimmed. On some ot the races they
were still trying to bet the bookmakers off
the block as the gong announced that tne
horses were off. Ten thousand would be
a conservative estimate of the number of
people present.
And the track 1 It was the wonderment
and surprise of all. Where form players
had expected to find a heavy, muddy
course, what was their consternation to
find, Instead, dry, dusty going that re
quired the services of the sprinkling cart
before the races were over. This confused
followers of tbe dope, and another reca
pitulation of the past week's racing was
necessary.
Of the afternoon's sport nothing but
praise can be said. The finishes were,
witb one or two exceptions, close and ex
citing, and it looked as though all of the
starters were trying. The big crowd was
somewhat startled when imp. Fuilerton
Lass took the opening event at odds of
100 to 1, but thereafter matters went a
trifle easier. Of the six favorites sent to
the post four were returned winners, and
tbe crowd left for home well satisfied with
the day's outing.
The special feature of the programme
was ifie White Seal stake, valued at $1300,
for two-year-ola Allies at four furlongs.
Twelve buxom misses went to the post,
with the Burns & Waterbouse pair, Na
pamax and Miss Kowena, first choices in
the b-ttine, while -Free Lady, owned by
Billy Magrave, was next in demand.
The latter was unfortunate enough to
get left at the post. Among the entries
was Tom Griffiu's Martha, a daughter of
imp. Dandie Dinmoat, and reports of her
fas' work caused the cdds against the filly
to be speedily swiped from 30 down to 4
to 1. h was a wild plunge, though, for
Napamax, quickly showing out in front of
her held, won easing up from Queen Mab.
carrying Louis Ezeli'a colors, showing her
self to be oii»i of the 'very best two-year
olds yet uncovered here.
The winner is a daughter of tbe dead
sire Maxim from Napa, and this was her
initial start The muchly vaunted Rosor
monde was a . ood third. .
The sport opened with a great dump for
the crowd. Andy Blakely's Snowctow:.
was the supposeu good thing for the mile
purse, but after leading unt 1 within a
lurlong from the wire quit badly and imp.
Fuilerton Lass, a 6J to 1 shot, getting
through on the inside won in a wild drive
from Tar and Tartar, another outsider.
Scimitar, the 'econd choice, was third.
The mile purse affair that followed fur
nished another upset. Ferrier was backed
to a standstill at odd. ot 4 to 5, but ap
peared dead on his legs and was defeated
THE "CALL" RACING GUIDE.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKFY CLUB. Ingleside Racetrack, flonday. February 22. Fifty-second
■day of the Winter Meeting, 1896-97. Weather fine. Track sood.
Auction Sale*
CHAS. LEVY & CO.. AUCTIONEER.
Salesrooms— 1135 Market -tree:.
THIo DAY.
I Tuesday February 23, 1897,
At 10 o'clock a. St.. at salesroom,
1135 MARKET ST.. bet. 7tb aud Bth.
....WE WILL. SELL . . .
10 Mantel Mirrors to .lug Revs. 5 Elegant Parlor
Sets, 50 Oak Bedroom Seta. Hair and .-prlog Mat-
tresses, Best ot Bedd m, 250!) yards Carpets just
like new, oak Sideboards, Bookcases, Chiffon ers,
Pic tires. Lace Curtains, Portieres, Willow Chads
and Hookers, Euro's . Br. akf.ist Tables. Ext nslon
Tables. Chairs. Crockery, Glassware, Stove* and
Ranges, 1 National Cash Register, 1 Double-door
Iron safe. These goods have been in use only two
months and are as good as new.
CHAS. LEVY & CO.. Auctioneers.
as mm SALE.
Notice ls hereby given that on !
Wednesday, the 24th Day of Febru-
ary, 18 » 7, . .
At 10 o'clock a. si., we will sell
The Hotel Known if th« New Washing-
ton, 348 four h Street,
Comprising 120 Furnished Rooms, Barroom,
Dining-room and Kitchen. The atove will be ot-
tered as a whole or in small lots, to suit pur-
chasers. House open for inspection up to date
of sale. House in full runnin» or-ier.
CHAS. LEVY A CO.. Auctioneers.
GRAND GROCERY AUCTION. ~
THIS DAY (TUESDAY). AT 11 A. .M.,
LONDON TEA CO.,
40 THIRD STREET, NR. MARKET.
Large variety and all fresh and salable. Horse,
Wagon, etc
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD. Auctioneer,
-•-.... . . 602 Market Street.
without much effort by Gene Leigh's
Formal, against which 7to 1 was obtain
able. The mile was covered in I :_.}_.
Naranja, the Baldwin entry, was third.
Salvable struck another soft spot and in
the betting on the mile and a furlong
selling race was barred in most of tbe
books. He made all the inning and won
under a gentle wrap from Camelia, the
Corrigan entry. Marcel finished strong,
taking tbe short end of tbe purse.
Montalvo, which looked a moral for the
mile and an eighth hurdle event, was
scratched, which left it apparently as
much of a "pine" for Reddington, the
Corrigan jumper, which with his stable
companion. The Bachelor, were hot _ to 5
favorites in the betting, coupled. Red
dington soon showed in advance of his
company, and, although developing his
usual tendency of bearing in toward the
rail the last quarter, experienced no diffi
culty in downing Mr. Reel at the finish.
The latter was backed down from threes
to 9to 5. Herman ran a creditable race,
ending up in third position.
In tbe last run of the day, a six-furlong
spin, there was quite a collection of speedy
ones gathered, - among them Preston,
George Miller, Davie* and Salisbury. In
the betting Pat Dunne's brown horse
Preston was a pronounced 1 to 2 choice
around post time, possibly from the effect
of a ton of money bet by the wise ones.
Willie Martin- took all sorts of liberties
witb him the first part of it, and then,
cutting loose in tbe stretch, led out George
Miller by half a length in the slow time
of 1:17. The miserably riddan David was
a close third.
•
... Notes. . .
Tommy Griffin disposed of Nine Ninety-
Nine to "Frisco" Lind yesterday for $300.
Frisco recently lost Boreas out of a selling
race.
Scimitar was plainly, the. best horse in
the opening event. Jones got him away
last and if tbe distance had been further
'"Curly" Shields' horse would have car
ried away the coin.
The running of tbe horses owned by
Walter Hobart, but carrying the colors of
H. H. Hunn, is causing much comment
in racetrack eire! s. Ferrier was disgrace
fully beaten some days ago at. Oakland by
David, and yesterday his defeat by Formal
should not have been passe i by without
explanation, especially as tbe stable for
some reason did not "go broke" on him.
The Sinner also when at long odds could
carry bis gre\i speed for s x furlongs, but
when the public got aboard he quit going
a shorter distance.
Of late Cash Sloan bas been doing some
{ good work in the saddle, but the ride he
put up on David in the last race will earn
him no laurels. Sent to the front early in
the game, David : would certainly have
won. It seems strange that ne could fin
ish no better than third, with the six fur
longs covered in 1:17.
Following are to-day's entries:
First race, five and a half furlongs.
496 Hazard Ill) 532 Morven 115
Imp.. Trance. ...l3ll 675 Roy a. aruthers.luS
680 Play 80y....... 1 0 .'.70 Blue Bell 113
670 Soniro 116 575 Chappie 103
661 Nuncomar 10U 668 Imp. Ivy 113
i 605 Brametta 1.9, 445 Six Richard 118
COMPLETE STO'K OP GROCERIES
To Be Sold "Ibis At. Tuesday, Feb-
" ruary 23, 189.. and Wednesday.
«_ F. b. -4, 1fc.97 at 11 A. M„ at
1057 MARKEi ST.. OPP. JONES,
CONSISTING OF
Over $4000 worth of clean new goods In staple
and fancy articles. This s ock Is the most com-
plete and emprises the finest line of groceries
ever offered for sale at public auction, and we
recommend all buyers to inspect th sto. fc before
the sale t«kes place The canned goods bear the
names and are put up by the best known houses in
the country, and all Imported goods are of superior
brauus, In fact the stock taken as a whole la of a
very Una selection.
INDIANA AUCTION CO.,
H. J. LEUTIir LIZ, Auctioneer.
1057 Markets*., opp. Jones.
MUSIC. CORSETS.
BANKRUPT STOCK.
SEALED BIDS ARE INVITED FOR THE EN-
tire slock of music, musical instruments, cor-
sets, fixtures, etc., of the Pacific Music Company,
insolvent, at 81« Market street. Elds may be
made for the whole sock or for the musical de-
partment separately from the stock of corsets,
etc., and from the fixtures. ' Inventory, of the
p above stock on file at the office of assignee's at-
torney, W. M. Willett Esq, bills' building, where
all bida must be left and where they will be opened
TUESDAY, February 23, at 4 o'clock p. St. As-
signee reserves the right to reject any and ail bids.
Terms: Cash on confirmation of sale by the
court; good* to be removed immediately there-
after; W. P. HUP A US, Assignee.
Second race, seven furlongs, selling.
425 Mldlo 98 584 Roadrunner.. .104
.... Alt-max 107 (494) Haro d Lindsay 89
(532)i»eadowlarlr....i01 (583)M->ylan 11l 1
677 Cabrlllo 10_| 448 Olive 99
Third race, .• and a half furlongs. ...
540 Fly 129, .'44 Simmons. 115
674 Sweet William. l lß(s39)Uoo_ Time 5. ...109
(51«)Palmeraton.... 120 |(847) Haahllght 124
Fourth race, _ - nnd a sixteenth miles, selling.
577 Moulta '.ill 563 Eck.rt.. ..'..'.. 11l
(585* Formal 109 (572) Boreas 114
239 Joe Terry. 109 489 C.lssleß 104
602.Klmer** 11l 57'- . oda 104
602 Mosier 106 1 498 Fran _ X 112
466 Japonlca 104 677 Foremost 11l
495 San .Marc 0.."...1091. ."...109 1
Fir h race, six furlongs, three-year-old Allies.
(549)Su1p-ud... .1101 515 Sty .110
68.i Narania.....,..Uo .60 Tea Ho.c 110
635 Nebula 110] 548 Cappy 110
sixth race, Aye and a half furlongs.
550 Stentor 1031 572 WoodchopDer..llß
561 The --Inner. 10" 589 ->alisburv H....127
516 Yemen 121 1 6„9 George Miller.. 121
* ;
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
. First race— >*uncomar, imp. Ivy, Mor
ven. i
Second race— Moy lan, Olive, Mldlo.
Third race— Good Times, Flashlight,
Simmons.
Fourth race— Frank X, Formal, Joe
Terry. -.-,"'.- 7*
Fifth race— Tea Ruse, Saisun, Sly.
Sixth race— The Sinner, George Miller,
Steutor.  . ■
PUGNACIOUS WILLIE SIMS
Threatens to Whip Jockey
Thorpe and Clerk of Scales
Kuhl.
H s Badge Taken Up and He Can No
Longer Ride at Ingleside
' Track.
Willie Sims, the crack colored rider, bad
the leg up on Snowdown in the opening
race run at Ingleside track yesterday, and
it probably marks bis last appearance
before a crowd of race-goers at the local
track, lor he is now in disgrace.
Sims, who fsavery dressy sort of a chap,
well impressed with himself in public life,
has only been here a couple of weeks,
and during that time has piloted several
winners, among them being Schiller,
| winner of the Thornt n stake. Yesterday
he was up on Snowdown, the "good
thing for the opening race.
The horse led until within a furlong
from the wire, where some jostling oc
curred. ■ Charley Thorpe on Tar and
Tartar here headed Snowdown, but
was in turn beaten out by
the outsider. Fuilerton Lass. In
the weighing-room under tbe judges'
stand Sims was very wratby, and threat
ened to land all sorts of swings on the
jaw of Thorpe, whom he accused of
bumping his mount.
The colored lad was cautioned by Cleric
ef the Scales Harry Kuhl that such an
action would not be tolerated in the room,
and Sims then threatened to show Mr.
Kuhl some points in the art of self-defense.
Upon bearing of the jockey's insolent
action Secretary W. S. Leake ordered his
badge to be taken up, and he will not
again be allowed to ride at Ingleside track.
This action of Secretary Leake i- worthy
of commendation and cannot but meet tbe
approval of all racegoers. Jockeys spring
up from stockingless stable-boys, rapidly
develop a liking lor "small bots" and Afri
canese, -trut about hotel corridors as an
earl would in his castle, and the poor ordi
nary mortal who can only ride in ordinary
vehicles and streetcars worth but a
$100,000 or so must kneel in homage
before them. Public and horsemen alike
are tired of these insipid fragments of
humanity whio know not their place,
and the sooner they are brushed off the
turf the better.
SUMMARILY EXPELLED.
Union League Club Resent Anything
Like Extortion. -■ "• 77.7'
OAKLAND, Cal , Feb. —There was a
very important meeting held by the Union
League Club to-night. For several days
reports have been received stating that
members were collecting money from can
didates under false pretenses. ;:'-7
A few days ago it was reported that a
man named George McLaughlin had ob
tained money from A. C. Henry, the
banker, and an independent candidate for
Mayor. A committee was appointed to
Visit Mr. Henry, and to-night they made
their report. They found that Mc-
Laughlin had visited Mr. Henry and had
obtained $5 from him for hall rent. He
had toi -i Henry that be was a member of
the executive committee of the league
and' that there was need of hall rent. .
hen placed on trial by the league for not
turning in the money McLaughlin stated
that he bad been paid tbe money for ped
dling tickets for Mr. Henry, but this was
denied by Henry, who stated that it had
been paid for ball rent.. McLaughlin is
not a member of the executive committee
and after a heated debate be was expelled
from the league. His friends rallied to
his support, but their help did not save
him. ■ ; . ,7?; 7 . ;c.'-i\
Mrs. Chi- holm'.- Death.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. 22.— Mrs. Clara
Alice Chisholm, one -of best-known resi
dents of this city, died at 10 o'clock this
morning oi gastric ulcer. Sh» leave- four
children, Mrs. Percy Haslett, Miss Ethel,
Harry and William H. Chisholm. The
deceased was born at Morrisburg. Canada,
in 1843. She came here from San Fran
cisco, where she and her husband arrived
in the early day«.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625KEAB1VT-T. Established
in 1854 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearing on bodyand mind and
Skin Diseases. Thedoctorcureswheu
others fall. Try him. Chargas low.
tni-o-fnaianti-ed. Callorwrite.
Or. J. r. t-IBBQJf. Be jc 1937. 5 an Franclsc*,
1112
NOW FOR THE GREAT FIGHT
OVER THE FAIR MILLIONS
The Struggle Between Mrs. Craven and the Bonanza
Estate Interests to Open This
Morning.
AN ARMY OF ATTORNEYS I
INTERESTED.
Some of the Peculiar Aspects ol
a Famous Piece of
Litigation. __
PROMISES OF SENSATIONS IN
NUMBER.
Th. Story of Two Wills hid Their
Bearing on the Famous Pencil
Deeds.
What promises to be the most Interest
ing lawsuit in the history of the State
•will open before Judge Slack this morn
ing—at least, that is what the court pro
gramme calls for.
It is the fight between Mrs. Nettie R.
Craven and the Fair interests for the pos- i
session of property which the principal of |
tne Mission Grammar School lays claim to
under the famous, pencil deeds.
The case comes up in the nature of a
suit to quiet title between Mrs. Craven
and the special administrator, of the es
tate of the dead millionaire, although in
the background are other interpleaders,
ejectments and many other audi things
that go to complete the complicated liti
gation that has surrounded Fair's millions
since his death. The value of the stake is
about $I,soo,ooo quite a snug sum as
things go, even in this country of big
wealth. X
Tne property Craven claims con
sists of the lot and the big five-story |
building on it on the southwest corner of ;
Pine ana Sansome streets and a half block |
on Mssion street, between Eleventh and i
Twelfth. The deeds under which Mrs. j
Craven asserts her ownership to this lor
tune in land and buildings bear date Sep
tember 27, 1894. and were acknowledged
by ex-Notary J. J. Cooney. The docu
ments are written in ieadpencil, even to
the signatures of Fair himself.
Tne case that is promised this morning :
is, of course, legally speaking, confined
strictly to issues involved in a plain j
suit to quiet title, but undoubtedly there I
will be echoes of other and more interest- j
ing subjects in the evidence. The ghost !
of the famous pencil will — that remarka- !
ble document that the Fair children and
tneir attorneys once swore was genuine
nnd afterward swore was forged — must of
necessity stalk in the background, for tbis
wilt and the deeds are more or less insep- 1
arably related. ' Then there is Mrs. |
Craven's contract of marriage to James G. !
Fair and the trust will to be heard from.
The story of the pencil deeds is an In
teresting chapter in the strange character '
of James G. Fair. Mrs. Craven at ihe
time of their date was living at 2001
Caliiornia -treet. The millionaire and
she were iniimale friends lor years. Sep
arated from his family, the lonely old man
of money was wont to seek in o.her places
the home he could not find for his own.
He had been a frequent caller on Mrs.
Craven— her marriage contract bear-- dale '
May 23, 1892 — on the afternoon of Sep
tember "2*, 1894, he was a visitor at her
house. It was rather an eventful time for
"the millionaire, apparently, for he ma c
history in wills and deeds that day that
has kept lawyers and courts since busy
studying it.
•The pencil will was written on that
afternoon in Mrs. Craven's parlor in the
presence of the mistress of the house and
Mrs. Elizabeth Haskins. The deeds he
must have drawn up previously, for when
he was through wiil-makiug the bonanza
king drew the documents from h.s
pockets and banded them to the woman
who declares s. c was his wile by contract.
Subsf-quently they were returned to Fair
for acknowledgment, and this is the part
Notary James J. Cooney takes in the
drama. Three days later the millionaire
'called at Cooney's office in the Lick
House and formally admitted that it was
his signature.
Fair died December 23, 1894, and left as
a legacy an estate valued at $16,000,000.
There was a trust will in the hands of
Attorney W. K. Goodfellow, dated Sep
tember 21, 1694, ihree days anterior to the
day of his visit to Mrs. Craven's house on
California street. Under the terms cf
' this will these millions were left in the
custody of W. K. Goodfellow, Thomas R.
Croibers and James S. Angus in trust for
o Mrs. Herman Oelrich"*. Miss Virginia
Fair and Charles L. Fair. The trust
• phase of their inheritance was not to the
liking of the heirs. In fact, from the day
•this will made its appearance their attor
neys began to mature plans to fight it.
L"gal storms began to gather on nil sides.
About a month after Fair's death Mrs-
Craven made, public the fact that she was
the guardian of the pencil will. This
document bequeathed the property in three
equal parts outright to the children, and
3 was. received by the attorneys and heirs
With open arms. In it they saw a deliver
ance from the hated trust document, and
• the fi7ht developed into a contest between
the "two" wills, and the Fair children and
the trustees "named by their father.
.Tbe trustees raised the cry of forgery
and -fraud. The children answered that
.the new will was genuine, and intimates
conspiracy and undue influence on the part
•of Goodfellow, Angus and Crothers. Mr«.
= Qelrichs and her sister and brother fol
lowed this up with a formal protest against
the trust document, and asked the court
to admit the pencil will to probate.
• The existence of Mrs. Craven's deeds
was made known at this time to tbe attor
neys for the heirs. It was her wish toes
cape notoiic'.y in the case, and an agree
■ m-jnt was arrived at, making Richard V.
Dey, one of the executors of Mrs. Fair's
will.'nnarDiter of her claims with power
to ray her $500,000 in settlement. This
was the state or affairs at the end of the
first year after James G. Fair's d-»ath.
A decision by Judge Slack on February
3. 1896, that the trust clause ot the Good
fellow will' was invalid was the means of
completely changing the aspect of the
famous case. Charles L. Fair immediately
withdrew his opposition to the document.
This transfer of allegiance was followed
by a declaration that' the pencil will was a
"forgery."
Mrs. Oelrichs, and Miss Fair made a
similar change of front, and the agree
ment to Fettle Mrs. Craven's claims for
$500,000 was repudiated on the grounds
• that both the will and the deeds, were
, spurious. This was followed by the
woman's business agents putting the docu
ments on record, and her own startling
declaration in court that she had a con
tract of marriage to the millionaire. Then
followed voluminous hearinc of testimony
from all the principals in the famous case.
Mrs. Craven, Miss Craven, Mrs. Oelrichs,
Miss Fair, Charles* L. Fair, attorney*, and
witnesses on each side were in turn called
upon to tell their stories. The withdrawal
of the Fair children from the support of
the pencil will left Dr. Marc Levingston,
who was one of the executors under it, as
its only friend. When the trial on this 4
>
document was reached Levingston hauled
it out of court, leaving tbe battle straight
between Mrs. Craven and the Fair people
over the pencil deeds.
This is the manner in which the case
comes up this morning. The charges
against the deeds are that they are forger
ies. To this end ycung Fair has already
had Notary Cooney, who acknowledged
them, arrested on a charge of perjury.
The services of Daniel Ames and Day.d
N. Carvalho, the famous New York ex
perts, have been engaged to back up the
charge of forgery.
On Mrs. Craven'? side is ber statement
that the deeds are genuine and the word
of Mrs. Haskins, who was present when
Fair made tbem, and that of Cooney, who
swears that Fair acknowledged them be
fore him. These of course are but the
principal witnesses. Behind these arc
others in great number not yet known
on either side with their accompanying
promises of sensations and startling de
velopments.*"--:;
The case will be tried by a jury. For
Mrs. Craven appear Attorneys _). M. Del
mas, 8. M. Shortridge, W. W. Foote, S. C.
Denson and J. J. de Haven. The burden
of the fight for the Fair people will fall on
Garret McEnerney, W. M. Pierson and
It. B. Mitchell as the attorneys for the
administrators. The Fairchildren, whose
interests are identical with the adminis
tra ors. will be represented by George A.
Knight, Charles W. Heggerty, Reuben
Lloyd, Russell J. Wilson. Mountford S.
Wilson and Charles L. Wheeler. All in
all. it promises to be a lawsuit tbat will
eclipse the Sharon case in dramatic in
terest.
The Cooney case will be called in Jud_e
Cook's court this morning, but it is prob
able that his attorneys will not introduce
any evidence In his defense at all, but
allow the case to go to a jury.
The Gulf Stream flows at an average
speed of thr-e miles nn hour. At some
places, notably in the Straits of Bernini,
the current attains a velocity of fifty-four
miles an hour.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL.'
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call—
710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
night In tbe year.
BRANCH OFFICES-527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock. ~jra_|
SS9 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
815 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, open
nntll 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street, open until 9 o'clocic.
167 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock
_305 Polk street: open un 11 9:30.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
"P_^» GOLDEN GATE COMMANDERY^ » „
•**& N«* 16, K. T., Golden Gate buil Una. limp
625 Suiter st.-speclnl assembly THI^ "ili
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. The Order of W
the Temple and the Drier of M«:ta will be
conferred. All fraters are coorieouslr invited.
CHARLES H. MUI PHY.
, Eminent Commander.
William T. Fonda, Recorier.
{J_r*_f=> OrtIENTAL LODGE NO. 144. F. a
» ; & ' and A. M.— 3.1 decree this (IUES- i%
DAY*) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. V Jf
A. & HUBBARD, Secretary. /^r^
pp»^sS» CALIFORNIA CHAPTER NO. 5, M
iF-C R. A. M.. will meet THIS (TUES- _§_
DAY) EVENING, Feb. _.'". at 7:30 o'clock. "^Jf
M. M. degree. By order of the H. P. r^y\
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
•r_S=- GERMANIA LODGE No 116, _^_M,/
mfmtv 1. o O. I. —The funeral com-^S^^gfe
mitt»e, officers and members of tfte tSsJSJC??
above lodge are requested to assemb.e m t*n m
in the Odd F. lions' build. corner Seventh and
Market sts., TUESDAY. February 23, at 1:30
p. m.. for ihe funepKl of ourlate brother, ('. Woinke,
Emu, Nikmkikr, R. a F. MaRKS, N. G.
C;^-' THE ANNUAL MEETING OF THE
*-«*' stockholders of the Marin County Water
Company will be held at the effice of tbe com-
pany, 406 California streeu San Francisco, on
WEDNESDAY . the 3d day of March, 1897. at the
hour of- 12 o'clock m., for the election of trustees
for the ensuing year and for the transaction of
such other business as may come before tne meet-
Ing. A. DALTON HARRISON, Secretary.
rS-THli REGULAR ANNUAL MEETING OF
msr-iir the members of the B. shop A rmitage Church
Orphanage will beheld at the otlice of the secretary,
630 California St., room 38, on i-eoruary 23, 1897,
at 12 m., for the purpose of revising or amending
the by-laws of said corporation or adopting new
by-laws and for the election of trustees for the en-
suing year: also for the transac. ion of such other
business as may come before tbe meet
L. WA MI AM. Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
*t__S» DR. MYRTLE POTTER HAS REMOVED
mtm& from 1362 a Market to 1346 Market, rm. 27.
■^S*- BAD TENANTS : EJECTED FOR $4
mSTmsy rolle< tions made: city or country. Pacific
Collection Co. 415 Montgy st., room 6: tel. 5580.
Bf-SS?*' DR. BAZ..T REMOVED FROM PHE-
mrmsr lan i.utldinir to 908 <-"eary «t.: tel. East **57.
SITUATIONS WANTED-FEMALE.
O NEAT COLORED GIRLS DESIRE BITUA-
-m 1 tions at ho -work or care of children: $12 to
$.5; best references. MISS CULLEN, 323 sut er.
A TTHE SWEDISH AND GERMAN EMPLOY-
mem Bureau a number of first-class glr.s
awaiting situations. 3.5 Sutter st.
<> COMPETENT SWEDISH GIRLS WISH *IT-
• I nations; one Is first-class cook, one plain cook-
ing and housework and one Is first-class chamber-
maid: wages $-0 or $25: no less. Apply IiOOL',
Stevenson sU, near Twelfth.
THOROUGHLY EXPERIENCED GERMAN
J. Protestant infant's nurse: w..u11 t-k<- entire
charge of baby In city or country; best refereuces.
1221 '.'Farrell st.
COMPETEVT SWEDISH GIRL WISHES SIT-
) tiati'.n as first-class cook, or to do general
housework in nice American faro I ly; 613 McAllis-
ter at.
pESPKCTABLE WOMAN. MIDDLE AG *,
It wants a place to do housewosk la a small fam-
ily; no washing. 746M:slonsu
GERMAN COOK WISHES SITUATION IN
private "ami yto do housework. 1024 How-
ard St., room i 6.
yOUNG SWEDISH WOMAN, WITH 3-YEaR-
X old bjy, wishes housework; good cook and
laundress; best city references. Address O. P.,
box 148, this office.
"yOUNG CO-ORE!" WOMAN DESIRES WORK
X by the day washing, Ironing* is good thorough
housecleaner: reference* Address 11 JO i/_ Pacific.
WOMAN WAN . S FINE HAND-SEWING TO
II do at bom"*. MRS M., 1590 Fifteenth st.
iy F L I.- RECOMMENDED NORWFGIAN
IT girl wishes position to do general housework.
Apply 1504 Franklin st_
MIDDLE-AGED GERMAN WOMAN-WISHES
situation as housekeeper. Address 11., box
4, Call Office.
Housework wanted BY middle-aged
woman; is go>d cook ;wages $15. 911 Howard.
COMPETENT, WOMAN WANTS WORK BY
\J the Jay washing, ltoninr, general "housework.
353i,2 Minna St., bet. Fourth and Fifth:' In r. ar.
COMPETENT WOMAN WANTS WORK BY
*J the day washii.g, Ironing or housecleanlng.
Apply 411 Polk st.
WIDOW FROM NEW YORK Wo. LD LIKE
II a po-ltion as typewriter. Call 167 iseveuth
su, room 10, second floor.
*VY r AN TED-POSITION AS HOUSEKEEPER
. "I by .widow with best of references: country
preferred. A. 8., 1563 Fifth st , Oakland.
OUNG GIRI, 14 YEARS, WANTS TO HELP
around hous - and to take care of baoy. 2
Alice sl. -
POSITION AS HOUSEKEEPER CAMP
looking by a respectable' young woman; good
cook and housekeeper. Call from 9 a. m. to 6 p. st
.126 -dUrth st., .00m 2.
ESPECTABLE MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN
desires a place to do cooking or light house-
work ; small wages. 28 4 1. Tehama st.
"11 WO SCANDINAVIAN , GIRLS DESIRe
X*. places to do general house-vork. 318 Brannan
su. rear.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1897.
•SITUATIONS WANTED-Cotitlnn. *. i
"WANTED, BY* A COMPETENT WOMAN
I » piece to do housework, cooking or downstairs -
work; no objection to large family. J. H., box
105, Call Office.
RESSMAKER, FIBBT-CLASS FITTER,
stylish draper and : designer; thorough dress-
maker: by the day. 104 Grove au
OUNG LADY: POSITION AS WORKING
x housekeeper. Call or add. 777 Market, rm. 16.
RESSMAKING BY THE DAY. OR TAKE
work borne. Call or address 232 Shipley su
GERMAN GIRL WISHES A PLACE
for light housework; sleep nome. Call at 122
Grove st., beu Van Ness aye. and Polk at.
\"*OUNO LADY, HOLDING FIRST-GRADE
X Normal certificate, desires position as gover-
ness, companion or nurse for grown children;
good references: willing to travel. Address 8.,
box 114, Cal Office.
I EXPERIENCED NURSE WOULD L.IKE EN-
J g*gemenl-p; $10 per week; best of references.
Call or address 900 Van Ness aye. :. . ;
LADY AND HER DAUGHTER WANT POSI-
aj Hon as working housekeeper and assist or
chamberworK ln hotel: understand all kinds of
domestic work: no objection to country. Call or
address 1 16 Russ sU
PERMANENT POSITION AS HOUSE-
keeper wanted by Eastern lady; lodging-house
or widower's home preferred. 995 Market, ro.m 3.
yoi'SG WIDOW, RECENILY FROM THE
J- East, wants a ace as housekeeper tn hotel or
bachelor's home preferred; city or country. Room
2, 2-3 Post su
MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN WANTS POSITION
to do housework: kind to children: wages
moderate: city. 28 .-oath Park, off Third.
*V7*OUNO WOMAN WOULD LIKE POSITION
X as housekeeper. 144 Filth su, room 6.
YOUNG GERMAN WIDOW WOULD LIKE
-I position as housekeeper. 38 Eody. first floor.
■yOUNG WIDOW WANTS A PLACE AS
-l housekeeper; city or country. 122 Post at.,
room 2. y/» •'......
yOUNG GERMAN WIDOW DESIRES PO-
x sition as housekeeper. 38 Eddy su, room 1.
"yOUNG LADY. FORMERLY IN GOOD CIR-
X -umolanici desires a lucrative position pas
hous keeper; or will do gentlemen's mending.
120 Ellis su, room 17, second floor; call after 12.
MEAT, RKLIABLE SWEDISH GIRL WISHES
xi situation to do second work. Please address
MISS LINDBEI.G, Golden Gate Postoffice (no
postal cards), Alameda County.
SUBSCRIPTIONSAND WANT ADS FOR THE
Call taken at branca office, 339 Hayes su;
open until 9:3- o'clock.
WANT ADS AND SUB-CRIPTIONS FOR
1 Hit Call are taken at Branch office, .outh-
west corner sixteenth and Mission s.s.
7*l LARKIN-BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
I XO CALL; subscriptions ami want ads taken.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
'» Market: 200 rooms --5c .o $160 per nUtn;
$1 50 to $6 per week ; convenient and respectable;
free bus and bap-gage to and from the Jerry.
SW COR. SIXTEENTH ST., NEAR MlS-
sion; branch office of Thj Call. Sub-
. scriptions and Kurt ads taken.
SITUATIONS WANTED MALE.
HUNTER A CO, CHINESE AND JAPANESE
employment office, removed to oT4*£ Califor-
nia su, near Kearny, 'lei. main 231.
CHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
office: best help. 411"^ O'FarrelL Tel. E. 426.
JAPANESE INTELLIGENCE AGENCY. R.
90. St. Ann's bl'g, 6 Eddy st.: tel »_ 5234.
CHINESE A JAPANESE; EST'D 20 EARS;
help-.teLmain 1997. BRALLEY A C.J..640 Clay
COMPETENT MAN To CARE AND DRIVE
horses; good plain gardener; can milk: handy
with tools; best or references. Address Compe-
tent, box 9, Call Office.
SITUATION WANTED— PAPER-HANGER;
can do painting and timing; will work for
$1 50perday. ARTHUR VERVOnT, 223 Stev-
enson st.
AS BARKEEPER: SOBER AND RESPECT-
2\. able: with the best of references; single. Bar-
keeper. 681 Mis. lon st., room "16.
EXPERIENCED COUPLE WISHES WORK:
man flm-clats cook, wire smart waitress. 419
Geary su
Cll UATI N; BOY 17 YEARS OF AGE; TO
doanv-Ind of work, . call at 64% Minna St.,
1 the rear, JAME GAYNOR.
O 01-CHMAN, AGED 40, WAMS PLACE;
O good plain cook; do garden work: care for i
stock: handy wltn too a v. 8.. box 119, call.
SOBER, INDUSTRIOUS MIDDLE-AGED !
O German wishes situation as coachman and ;
gardener: generally useful about p ace; refer-
ences. . Address WIL ui-. I.M, 279 Stevenson st.
I?IRST-CLASS B xRKEEPEK WAN SITU-
x ation; perfect gentleman; best of references:
at present employed I. ban Francisco's best sa-
loon; country preferred. L.. box 6, (all.
GERMAN MAN, STEADY, SORER. WANTS
a place as waiter or to do kitchen work; City
orcoun:ry. C. M., 812 Kearny »t.. room 51.
BOY. IS. NTS FINISHER'S POSITION IN
plumbing estnbll hment: served lVa 'ears;
wants to serve ha lime out. Address 1048% Fol-
som st. r-JjiESg
\I**ANTEI"-FOSITION IN LAUNDRY BY A
" man of 14 ye. experience; thoroughly tin-
d-rstands all machinery, engines and bot. ers, soap
and starcn making and all wort around laundry.
Address W. P., box 106, Call Office.
A NTED- BY MIDDLI--AGED AMERICAN,
»i with ref. rences, s tuition on priva.e place;
norses, cow. garden; handy .. ith tools; moderate
wages. Add re '_. 4 seventh sl.
INTELLIGENT BOY. 14 YEARS OF AGE,
X wishes a position; good home and small wages,
ail or address GEORGE CU-illT, 817 Jessie si..
ot! Ninth.
HANDY JAPANESE WANTS POSITION Ah
janitor or would work In shop or factory:
it peaks good English. F. M., 10 Ceutral place, off
I'ine with best recommendation.
GARDENER. FIEST CLASS, WITH THE
T best of references, wishes position; understands
carpet bedding, greenhouses, propagating; can
mlik and take care of i oullry. Addiess Gardener,
box 69, Call office.
QQQ MAY-US oT.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
a>,)o lux Call; subscriptions and waut ads
taken. IST-^SE
.-.07 MONTGOMERY. CONNER OP CI.AY-
Omm, I open unti 9:3U o'clock; branch office of
the Call: subscriptions and want ada taken.
1 MARKET ST.-BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
"i Call: want ads and subscriptions lateen.
BRANCH OFFICE OK THE CALL, 1«7 NINTH
st — Want ads and subscriptions taken.
I MARKET ST. — BRANCH OFFICE OP THE
x Call: want ads and subscriptions taken.
VV* INCH ESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST., NIL
'» Market; 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night:
$1 50 to (6 per week: convenient and respectable;
lree bus and baggace to and from the lerry.
II.D.Mi: HELP WANTED.
WAITRESS, PRIVATE FAMILY, $25:
waitress, country, $i 6: nurse, 20; second
girl, $20: 12 housework girts City and country,
.0 and »25: 8 y ting girls, assist, $10 and $.5.
MISS CULLEN", 3 "3 Sutter at
SECOND GIRL, COUNTRY, $15: NURsp
country, $15 to $20. MISS CULLEN, "'•__>
su ter st.
VTEAT IRISH GIRL TO WAIT ON TABLE,
xl $16. M CULLE n, 323 Stitt-r
yOUNG IRISH NURSEGIRL, $10. MISS
1 CULLEN, 323 sutler su
LAUNDRESS, $K0: COOK, BOARDING-
housc, $30. MISS CULLE. », 323 Suiter st.
GERMAN OR FRENCH OOVERNES-, $26.
MIT'S CULLE.N, 323 Sutter st.
IRL. MUTTER ST.. $15; GIRL, LOMBARD
$15; girl, Fillmore, $15: girl, Twenty-third St.,
$15. girl, McAllister. $15: girl. Broderick, $6;
girl, Gough it., $15; girl, Webbter, $15; girl, Gold-
en ate aye., $15; girl. Geary St., $15: girl, Wash-
ington st., $16: glr., Haight St., $15; second girl,
$15; girl, Livermore, $16; girl, Gliror, Cal., $15;
4 housekeepers; VI young sir s, $8, $10 and $12
per month, assist ci.c . nice families: 20 German,
13 Swedish, 4 Danish girls. MARTIN'S 749
Market su _fl_9_H_Ml
GIRL, LOMBARD St., *20: GIRL, SUTTER
\J su, $25; housekeeper, $16: girl. Geerreio at.,
$18; girl, Bemeley, Cal.. $20: gir', Geary st., $20:
girl, Gcugb St., $18; girl, Alameda, lai., $20: »ir .
Scott st, $20: girl, Gough st.. $26; girl, Webster
st.. $20; girl, Santa Barbara, $25. see party here;
girl. Fillmore sU, $30. MARTIN'S, 749 Markei.
WAITRE SKS. $5 A Wl EX: WAITRESS,
$25 and room out; 2 w_iiie<ses, $20 ana room:
waitress, $18 and room; .waitress, $6 a week;
oh a 1 bermald and wait some,' slB and room; cook,
$26 and room: head waitress, $25 and room.
MARTIN'-. 749 Market su .
-: MORE WAirRES-Es, $20. 6 HOURS*
O work: »e_ party 3 p. sa..; no Sunday work.
MARTIN'S. 749 Market st.
COLORED GIRL; PINE ST.; $15. MAR-
TIN'S, 749 Market st.
ERMAN GIRL; GOUGH ST.; $25. MAR-
TIN'S, 749 Markets-- . •
AMILY COOK; GERMAN STYLE- $30l
MARTIN'S. 749 Marke. St.
PSTAIRS GJRL. $20: COOK. $30; HOUSE-
c.' girl, 3 ln family, $26: German nursegirl, 9M-
housrgirl. same place, 925; waitress, country $»o-
hou»eglrl, $.0. MR*. NORTON, »15 Sutter su" '-
-
fTFLT* WANTED— Coi-tinn**.
WAITREBS. COUNTRY HOTEL, $20: GIRL
for housework and cookin/. private family,
country town. $20.. MURRAY <fc READY, Lead-
lng Employment Agents, 634-636 Clay
PBOTESTANT LADY' NOT OVER 36 YEARS
of age to take fUil charge of three children, teach
them, etc.; country; $25 and found. MURKAY
<fc READY, .34-636 Clay st. "______
a COOKS IN GERMAN AND AMERICAN
v» rsmilies, $25 to $30: S German and English
nurses, $20 o $20: res lav rant waitress, $ 5 and
a large number of girls for cooking .aid house-
work^ J. F. CROSETT A CO., 316 Sutter sU
2WAITRESSESS, RESTAURANT, CITY. $15:
chambermaid, city, $20; housework, country
town, $15; a girls, faousewo k. $20: 6 young girls
toasiat, $10 to $16; cook, private family, $30;
cook, private family, $20. CR. HANSEN A CO-
-110 Geary st.
LADY'S MAID CITY REFERENCES; $30.
ME". J A BERT. 306 Mason at.
'(.-lit.-: Gr.N AL HOU-KWORK; MUST
VJ under*. German cookiag; $23. MRS.
LAMB. RT, 306 Mason st. *' "
AM RKAN COOK; 2 IN FAMILY*: $30:
se lady at 10:. 0 a.m. MR . LAMBERT,
306 Mason at,
SE OND GIPL; MiST DO Wa.-HING; $25.
MRS. LAMB RT, 806 Mas^n sU .
"yOUNG GiRL FOR UPSTAIRS WORK. $15;
X also girl, light upstairs work. $10: 2 cooks, $25;
12 girls for housework. MRS. BIRD. 721 Bills.
OFFICE FEE REDUCE I *25 CENTS; "'IRLS
of all nationalities wanted to fill various posi-
tions, Gsrmau Employment Office. 306 Mason st.
ANTED— GIRL TO DO HOUSEWORK AN I)
i-ssist in cooking; small family. Call 1522
Webster st.
WANTED— A YOUNG GIRL FOR COOK AND
11 general housework; wages $20; references.
Call 1816 Finest.
ANTED— GIKL BETWEEN 23 AN D .0 FOR
II general housework; must be good cook and
laundress; wages $15; good home. 1525 O'Farrell.
Y\" ANTED— FOR HOUSEWOiK: MOD-
I' crate wages; references. Call 10 to 12, 1614
Broderick su . .
"yOUNG GIRL OR ELDERLY LADY. ASSIST
X housework; $6. 3681 Twenty-fourth st, near
Dolores- *
WAN ED GIRL TO ASSIST IN HOUSE-
II work. Appy after 9 a.m., 34481 wentiethsU
ANTED - GIRL FOR UPSTAIRS AND
II children. 1151 Octavla st.
GIRL TO WORK. FAMILY 2 WAGES $10.
Apply 1704 Buchanan St., Tuesday.
GIRL FOR H'IUSKWORK. ETC.: SMALL
family. 110 De Long aye.; afternoon.
GERMAN GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
work: $16. 1803 Devisadero sU, corner Bush.
GIRL, HELP CARE OF BABY: SLEEP
home; SS. '2740 Fine, corner Broderick.
Girl for housework and plain cook-
ing; references. 708 Broderick st.
W ANTED-A GIRL. IN FAMILY* OF TWO,
II assist lUht usework. 2222 V. Geary st.
GIRL WANTED ASSIST LIGHT HOUSE-
I work; sleep home. 3456 Seventeenth st.
MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN FOR LIGHT
housework. Apply 704 Howard su
WANTED-EXPERIENCED 1 AILORESSON
custom coats. 2*>o seventh sU
100 EIGHTH -WOM vN TO TAKE CARE
XV sick lady, baby and do general work-
EXPERIENCED APPRENTICE WANTED
to help on coats. ' 461 Jessie st. %» a|3£E
GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK; LIGHT COOKING,
VJ small family; wages $15. 1216 V. Golden
Gate aye.
*iy ANTED— YOUNG GIRL FUR GENERAL
II housework. 2241 Sutter.
"WANTED— A SILKER ON GLOVES. COS-
-11 mopolltan Hotel, room 32.
WANT D— ELDERLY LAD»" FOR SMALL
it family: $6 a month and good home. Call 2to
5 o'clock 2215 Polk st.
"iy ANTED — PUPILS FOR MILLINERY
II school: course practical and thorough: c. asses
now tormlng for spring wor : satisfaction guar-
anteed: evening classes. 2'_V_t Geary or 410
Leaven woith.
YY ANTED— A CLEAN GIRL TO DO HOC : "*.-
II work: country: $10 moutn; steady hoi_*«.
239 Post su, room 12.
EXPERIENCED OPERAIORS ON FLAN-
neI oversbirts and underwear. -JiVI
STRAUSS & Co., 32",% Fremo-t su
I EARN DRESSCLTTING AND MILLINERY;
Jsl per week; unlimited le<«ons: patterns
25c. McDowell Dressmaking School, 636 Mar_eu
MOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
Winchester House. 44 Third si, near Market:
200 rooms: 25c to $1 6J per night; $1 60 10 $3
per week: free 'bus and baggage to and trom furry.
WANTED— IO YOUNG LADIES TO LEARN
II barber trade: shop to open May 1. Particu-
lars call l-B"j% Eighth sU, S. E. Barber College.
£1 X LARKIN-BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
VXO Call: subscriptions and wan-, ads. taken.
L'LYNN'S DRESSMAKING AND CUTTIN-.
X Academy. 14 McAllister su $1 • week.
LAWRENCE CUTTING SCHOOL IS THE
J only reliable place tor patterns: every una
rnsranteed to be perfect. 3231 Market su
lit- NINTH BT— BRANCH OFFICE OF
I . ') Hit Call; subscription and want ads
taken.
MALE HELP WANTED.
FOREMAN FOR A VINEYARD AND OR-
chanl : single man, age 30 to 45; state If ref.-r-
-ence, where employed and name of employer:
wages, $50 and found MUR AY A READY.
Lead In; Employment Agents, 34 and 636 Cl-y.
FOREMAN FOR A GRAIN" RANCH— SINGLE
man. age 30 to 40; state references, where em-
ployed and name or employer; wages, $ 0 to $50
and found: buggy washer city stable, hostler, city
3 pruners: 2 farmer.-. MURRAY _: X ADY",
Leading Employment Agents. 634 and 636 ■ lay.
0 COOKS, $50 AND «0: 2D COOK. $40: 2
•"wal.ers, -.25 and $:-.0; 2 di-hwasheis and
others. MURRAY A READY, Lead n. Employ-
ment Agents 0 -4 and 636 Clay st.
, LACKSMITH FOR CAMP, $50 AND FOUND;
' borseshoer for a camp. $25 to $'(0 and found:
farmer, near city, $15: man and wife for a res rt
near city, $2i>. C. R. HANSEN _-Ci'., 110 Geary.
yoUNG ASSISTANT HOTEL STORE KEEP*
1 er with refeier.ces, $30. C. R. HANSEN A
CO., 110 Geary st. : *8-_aH_
YY A NTED-FRUIT FARMER AND WIFE,» 3);
II quart, mln r: "-can Inavlan milker, $20:
farmers; brushmaker: 4 Italians to clear land;
restaurant waiter, country. $30: extra waiter. $5
week; Japanese cook for 3 men, $?5. and others.
Apply to J. F. CROSKT 1 <fc CO.. 628 Sacramema
\\J ' ITER. COUNTRY, $30. MARTIN'S, 749
II Market sU
HOP BAKER, $30: BOARD, ETC. MAR-
TlN'-, 749 Market sU
BUTLER; $40. MISS CULLEN, 323 SUTTER
street. Tftf-BI
*VY r ANTED-M FN TO CANVASS ON AN EN-
II tir<iy new and money maklnp; business: com-
mission and salary if desired: call le.wetn 2 and 4-
r. St. 156 . iflh sU
"TREASURER FOR DRAM ATIC COMPAN V:
I $150 cash security. Call to-day between 12
and -', room 21, Central Hotel, 530 Third sU
Al MERCHANT TAI.O l CUTTER; BIG
salary to proper man. Apply to C. C , box 96,
this office.
W" ANTED— AN APPRENTICE ON CUSTOM
II coats; steady place. 966 Folsom st.
WANTFD- BARTENDER FOR COUNTRY.
Inquire 1111 Mission sU .
OLD Man OR BOY TO WORK AROUND
hotel; small wages. 419 Brannan st.
WANTED— DISHWASHER. 660 HOWARD
st.Ger nan Hotel.
i ERMAN BOY, AGE 16, FOR GROCERY;
* J references. 0., box 17, Call.
EXPERIENCED CLEPK FOR LODGING-
bouse. Lludell House, sixth and Howard.
\IECHANIt- WANTED TO BUY CYCLERY
i'l gun and bicycle repair-shop tor $160: good
business for little price; in the county-seat tow n:
40 miles from big city. A. M., box 97. this office.
BRIGHT MA TO SELL PATENTED NOV-
eliy: experience: references- S.. box 116, Ca11.
WANTED— A GOOD BLOCK BUTCHER. AP-
II ply 3318 Missions:.
,W"ANTED-SijBER INDUSTRIOUS MAN TO
II assist in tight Indoor business: must be satis-
fied with $18 per week and have $160 cash. Ap-
ply 777 Market at., room 7.
WANTED— STEADY. RELIABLE MAN FOB
. II position in country: must have $5 expense
money. Call after 10 a. m.. 9 Geary, room 2.
AGENTS: MALE OR FEMALE; CITY OR
country: $3 per day ea»y: samples by mall
12c. s. M. *co . 810 san Pablo aye., Oakland. :
WANTED— CANVASSERS IN. THE CITY
II and State to sell lots in the city of Stockton ;
liberal commission: lots will sell readily. Address
C, box 148, this office.
STYLISH AND DURABLE CALF SHOES
made to order, $2 60. ; 959 Howard, nr. Sixth.
SINGLE FURNISHED ROOMS: 16c A NIGHT;
-5c week. Ltndell House, Sixth, and Howard.
HEtP ■ WANTEP-Conttnn»«l.
JOURNEYMEN BARKERS' EMPLOYMENT
-eoretarr .H BERNARD. 102 i»*venth su
ARBER WASHSTANDS. L a AND 3 BOWIS,
cheap. ILHUFeCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate ay
BARBER WANTS TO BUY HALF INTKR-
est ln shop; pay part cash. H. H., box 161, Call
Offlc^sgHHmg""_|tii_[l__H_"_EßßWß_H&_H;
-chair barber-shop and 4 . living
rooms very cheap: no reasonable offer refused:
low rent: fine chance. 408 v 2 Sixth st. .* . -
TWO- CHAIR BARB R- SHOP FOR SALE;
cheap. Cor. Twenty-ninth and Church sts.
-CHAIR BARBER-SHOP; GOOD PAYING
stand; 4 fine living-room-; no reasonable offer
refused. Call Immediately 408% "-ixth st.
LADIES' AND GENTS'*- MISFIT 'HOES
Ij bought and exchanged; new vamps and sec-
ond-band shoes for sale.; large stock; shoes made
to order: bes stock; work gui<ra» teed: all kinds
of repairing. 743 Mission, noarGrand Opera-house.
WANTED— AN IDEA; WHO CAN THINK
ii of some simple thing to patent? J rotect your
ide a: they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERRURN & CO., Depu L, Patent Attor-
neys. Washington, D. C. for their $1800 prize
offer and new list of IOuO inventions wauled.
ii*LCKOHOU-*E, bbS -^ MARKET ST.— liuoMS
J 20c, 25c to 60c night: $1 to $2 weeg.
OXOi: MISSION — SUBSCRIPTION- AND
— •.' —I) want ads taken for THE CALL..
BE>T IN SINGLE ROOMS. Id. 20 AND
25 cents per. night: $1, $1 .5, $1 50 per week.
Pacific House, commercial and l.eidesdorff sts.
II Li NINTH -BRANCH OFFICE OF
110 Tub call; subscription and want ads.
taken.
1. BUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 SIXTH ST.: OPEN
> - all night; rooms 25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to
$5 per week. J. G. DRAKE, Manager.
ROOMS 160 TO 76c PER NIGHT; 50c TO *1 5d
per week. Oriental. 225 Drumm su
KECRUITS WANTED FOR THE U. 8. MA
rine Corps, U. S. Navy— Able-bodied unmar-
ried men between the ages- of 21 and 30 years
who are citizens ot the United Spates, or those
who have legally declared ihelr intention to be-
come such: must be of good character an. habits
and able to speak, read and write English and be
between 6 feet 5 Inches and 6 feet in height. For
lurther Information apply at the Recruiting Office,
20 Kills st.. San Francisco, CaL
want ads and subscriptions for
it Thk Call are taken at Branch office, south-
west corner Sixteenth and Missiou sts.
TRY ACME HOUSE. . 957 MARKET ST.. BK-
X low Sixth, tor a room; _*.<. a night: $1 a weak.
\f\i\ MEN TO TAKE lodging at 10c, iso
Lire* and -_0c a ulgnt. including coffw- ana roil-.
124 Washington st. . near Kearny.
9 ■•>)£-; MISSION ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
m-OmmtV Th* Call; subscriptions and want ads
taken. ._-,, ./.-...-. , ,
\\r ANTED-LABOBKRS AND MECHANICS
it to know that Ed P.otkln, Reno House 'proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217* Third sU: 15J
large rooms; 26c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
K OSEDALE, 321 ELLIS ST.— SINoLE FUR-
nished rooms, -0c to 25c night, $1 to $1 60 wk.
IP SIMON WANTS 100 Mr.N TO LET BOT-
J. lie beer or wine sc : best free Innch. 643 Clay
W ANTED-BINGLE BOOMS, 16c A DAY; $1
it week; rooms for '_. 26c a day. $1 60 a week.;
reading-room: daily papers. 36 Clay su
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
it Marxet: 200 rooms, 25c a night: reading
room: free bus and -page to and from tbe ferry
ANTED, YOUR SHOES —WE REPAf X
• » shoes up to 9 o'clock every night: those work-
ing through the day can have their snoes repair*!
at nlgnt while you wait: laoies' sollog, 35c; moll
soling, 60c: flee shoes made to order from *-' up
we have a lot of shoes been damaged by water. _;
less than one-fourth ' their value, trom 26c up v*
$. 50. f-.6_ Mission St.. bet. First s.. and Second st
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS— BRYAN'S BOOK, "THE FIRST
Battle." Apply or address for territory, F.
Person, manager subscription department, THE
WHITAKEIt RAY COMPANY, 7*.3 Market St.
HOUSES WANTED.
"WANTED— BEFORE MARCH 1, A HOUSE
'I or upper flat of 8 rooms, between Bush and
Jacso.i. Taylor and Van Ness. Address 15.. box
116,t all.
WANTED-MISCELL.ANEOUS.
"WANTED— A NICE, NEAT UNO MAN.
II between 18 and -2, as a room-male: willilkelv
rrmn'.n for severa mouths; more a compamoV
than anything cist-; no reuu Address T. M. A.,
box 164. Call Office. . ti?
THIRTY OR THIRTY-FIVE FOOT SLOOP OR
scncouer. Address MoNK BUTTON, 1188 Mis-
sion st.
WANTED- 1800 ON FIRST MORTGAGE OR
ii inner on $8000 property. Particular* 412
Natcmast.
SECONP-HANDUPiIGHT PIANO WANTED:
cash state price. Addiess N.. box 104. Call.
Sa;f\ BONUS WILL BE PAID TO ANY ONE
iIP - " securing josiiiou for \oung lady in s:ore
or offlce Address W. W., box 51, Call Office.
\\r ANTED TO RENT-BY RESPONSIBLE
II parties, furnlshrd hotel. Address Z, box 14.
Call offlce.
BUILDINGS BOUGHT: LUMBER, BASHES,
doors, mantels, etc, for sale. 1166 Mission st.
SELL -OCR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW
elry to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth at.: send post-..
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ALL HAIL HER MAR ELOUS PREDIC-
t ous; only medium guaranteeing dead win-
ning tips on the Corheit-Fit-simmons prize-fight:
named 3 winning numbers In the last lottery
drawing: can give you a sure thing at the race-
track: ladles, consult her on domestic and love
affa rs; removes evil influences and possesses onl.-
••Napoeou" tall man. MISS VAN DE VERE,
Parisian prophetess, parlor 1, 1 Fifth su
ME. DR THOMAS. SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
er by eggs and cards: tells entire life, pas',
present, luture, consultations on all affairs: noth-
ing excepted; names given: good advice; sura
heip; restores lost lov- by sympatny: mistake im-
possible: fee $1: letter $2. 929 Post su, nr i.arkl:i
RS. L EHRHORN, CLAIRVOYANT, SITS
dai'.y; circle Monday and 'I hursday evenings
8 o'clock; 26c up. 1147 Mission s:.
IPSY LIFE- HEADER. 3 SI-VENH ST.;
ladles 25c. gents 50c: all questions answerea.
ISS MELVILLE, WELL-KNOWN CLAlR-
voyant, 61 Fifth st.; water readings a specialty.
ME. SYBILLE TELL-» FROM CP.ADL.t-. TO
grave: pictures giveuriadles 25c: Fl4 O'Farrell.
At ME. RAVEN A READS LIFE FLUENTLY:
ill business advice: names given; 25c up.s Fourth
MME. MOREAU, BESI CLAIRVOYANT AND
medium In city: fee 25:? up. 764 Howard st.
MX. WALTERS OF TEHAMA; CARDS; LA-
dlss 25c, gents 50c. 961 Mission, nr. Sixth.
MRS. WILSON, CARD-READER, REMOVED
lv. to 38 Eddy su, first floor, room 1. from 106
Fourth su
\i ME. HANSEN, PALMIsT, CARD-READER:
111 past, present and future: 25c 148 6th, r. 6.
M. . LEON A RETURNED: CARDi EADER;
magnetic treatment. 995 Markei. room 3,
— — **— ———^ *___ sSs _S— s *^ — »
SPIRITUALISM. '
MRS. C. J. MEYER, CIR. TO-NIGHT. TUES..
Wed. and Fri , ap. St.: 10c: trance dr.. Mon. A
Fri. eve., 2. c: sittings dally. 326 McA lister su
VI ME. OSMAN, SPIRITUAL TRANCE MEDI-
Xtl urn: life readings, love aff.lrs, business vest-
ments, mining speculations especially. 838 Mission
EDNA WALLACE, "THE ORIGINAL" ME-
dlnm and magnetic healer. b.5y 2 Market st
room 10. -. * • ■■ . . • '
AT 997 MARKET -T. TO-NIGHT; TESTS
to all ; full names; -Mr. Keegan and o.hers.
A* ME. YOUNG'S TEST CIRCLE TO-NIGHT
X 10c; 418 Mc .Ulster; investigator, invited.
1 Of? OAK-MRS. KATE HO- KINS; TEST
LOV circle to-night, 25c; also Thursday night.
1 1 1 LARKIN c-T., AT 8 SHARP-MRS.
111 LIMe, Mr. LUlie and others. _- •?*
ME. GWINN, WRITING MEDIUM* r>2
Xi-l Post su. room 9 . 1- to 5 o'clock.
CV. MILLER RETURNED, EUROPEAN-
. American tour;sean>e 8 o'clock ;"!6c. 635 Post.
VI BS. MAYO -TEERS. 112% OAK: CIRCLE
lv. Tuesday, 8 P. St., Thurs., _ p. m.: readings $1.
MRS. H. A. ORIFFIN-CiR. SUN. EVE.; 25c-
test mtg. Thur. eve. ; stgs daily. 4_6",_ Grove'
AM. FRANCIS, INDEPENDENT SL..TE
writer. 118 Halchi a..; hours 9 until 6 p st,
MRS. ELLIS, MEDIUM: SITTINGS.9 TO B. $I-
circles Fr:.. 2p. si., 26c. 233 .Valencia.
VI RS. J. J. WHITNEY. CLAIRVOYANT.
i'l trance test rredlum A life reader. '-'IS Stockton
HYPNOTISM.
HYPNOTISM SCIENTIFICALLY TAUGHT:
success grtd.HvpnotlcMesmerlclns.6 CFarreil
STORAGE.
REDUCED RATES, FURNITU RE, PIANOS.
household goods, etc. J. M. PIERCE, 735 Mku
! BUSINESS chances.
CASH PRICKS PAID FOR FURNI-_
ture, restanranu saloon fixtures and grocer^
stocks. STENBERG. 632 Market: teL main 1043.
<Bt_inn RESTAURANT; NEAR RAI. ROAD
tJT'iv/l'. depot: large number regular boarders;
neat, attractive place: circumstances compel sale
will exchange for real estate. STENBERG CO.,
6!*-* Market sU r'J'--
<s_ I QikA SALOON. MARKET ST., FINELY'
O 1 0"l/. fitted. STENB RG. 632 Market sU
$Z7nn COFFEE SALOON AND CHOP-
«E> I VV. bouse: finely fitted up: block north of
Market St.: trial given. S: ENBERG, 632 Market
CL'O "^n SALOON; ELEGA >TLY* FI.TED: 1
M UOV. block north of Market at.; low rent:
stocked with fine liquors, cigars, etc.: private
rooms: owner tins other business: makes big sac-
rifice; Investigate this. STENBERG, 632 Markeu
CM "".A SALOON WITH 11 ROOMS, FURNI-
VD^OV. niture included ; oest location uorth of
Market; present owner, in same place 15 years;
present owner has another business in the country.
A. S. LES--. 1032 Market su
%7(in GROCERY AND BAR NORTH OF
*£> • MV. Market: 4llvin.-rooms: rent only »25;
present owner there 6 years; bl bar trade; other
business causes sale. A. S. LESS, 1032 Market.
QOfi^n CORNER WHOLESALE AND HE-
tiP^mUUV. tail wine and liquor business: old-es-
tablished place; doing fine business: cheap rent:
owner'- attention required in ouier manufacturing
business; must sell, a. S. LESS, 1032 Market St.
BR ANCB BAKERY. STATIONERY
-4- out;, and school supplies: good location:
I. vine-rooms, furniture include^ near a school;
good, steady business. A. & LESS, 1032 Market.
© SOn CORNER SALOON. WITH 6 LIVING-
"iPOUO. rooms, building Included; no opposi-
tion: cheap ground rent; long lease; worth $1500
loanyoue: owner muse leave the city: must be
sold at once. A. -•. LESS, 1032 Market sU
ffij/lil SALOON, N. OF MARKET; 4 FINE
Ki^TVV. furnished rooms; kitchen; -torerooms:
fine stcck: best location: cheap rent; greatest bar-
gain ever offered; owner has other large interests.
A. S. LESS. 1032 Market sU
fi;Qr-.A CANDY STORE AND FACTORY;
tipoov. the best location In the City; line ice-
cream parlor; elegant fixtures, AB. LESS, 1032
Market st.
-
©^(Ifl SALOON WORTH MORE THAN IS
tiPOsiV. asked for it; good location. THE
PROPERTY EXCHANGE, 850 Market
FIRST-CLASS REAL ESTATE MAN OR
woman wanted at PROPERTY EXCHANGE.
<SI7K NUMBER OF BRANCH BAKERIES
*4PP I O. and notion stores; .175 to $300. PROP-
ERTY EXCHANGE, 850 Market.
. ©07"^ SOME GOOD LODGING- HOUSES;
KDO I O. dolus: good business; from $375 up.
PROPERTY EXCHANGE, 850 Market.
fflJlTxA LARGE LIST OF SALOONS; ALL
-IP 1 OV. prices, from $50 to $3000. PROPER-
TY EXCHANGE. 850 Market.
«5» 1 OHO SOLID.GROWING MANUFACTUR-
-g) IVVV. ing business: only one on the Pacific
coast; the city of san Francisco has used large
quantities of the goods: lar c profits, established
trad ■ with hardware-stores; the business taught
and a fu 1 running plant included: owners going
I asu Apply to H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st„
opposite Fifth.
IftOß THOSE WHO ARE SEEKING Busi-
ness it will _ay them to call on he reliable
firm of THOMAS A CO.. 33 Sixth St., room 18.
RESTAURANT: ' SEATS 50; PRIVATE
rooms: doi: _ a good business; first-class run-
ning or. er; across from depot; living-rooms:
electric 11 his; .ar^e Fteuch ra-.ge: pr. sent owner
8 years made money to buy ranch: must move on
it ; chance for you to do same. N., box 44, CalL
Q*_inn ONE *' THE OIDEST KSTAB-
•JPIVV. lished butcher businesses in the c ty,
cutting fr m 4 to 5 ca lie: 30 sheep: 4 calves and
4 ho. a week; rent reasonable; stable Included.
Apply 389 Fourth sU
<_?XAA DRY GOODS, Ml-N'S FURNI HING
t£OVV. goods, notions; splendid fixtures, cheap
rent; living-rooms; good business; no agents. Ap-
ply Cail Office.
rOR SALE— A RARE CHANCE: SALOON
J- for sale; worth $1000. to be sold for $300;
owner In serious trouble; no agents. 8., box 65,
Call offlce.
<2»->;",A SALOON; ON BUSIEST STRKET
OV. north of Market; cheap rent and In-
surance, lea- etc. no agents. 1. -quire Call Office.
BRANCH BAKERY AND DE-ICA CV STORE;
mus . s.i d: living-rooms; nice sunny yard;
no agents. 340 Fourth st.
TO LET— A COALYARD; ESTABLISHED 9
ye rs: finest place in the cltv; no opposition;
5 stalls: scale, etc.; rent £8. 1915Vs McAllister.
qTEa PAI.TNER WANTED IS COFFEE-
OV. house. Address B. M., box 113, Call
ffico.
UXMiI SALOON FOR SALE ATA SACRI-
-0 fl.e; average $8 per day. Make an offer; 33
Sixth st, roim 18. .... ......v.;
OR SALE — LAUNDRY OFFICE, CIGARS,
J tobacco, etc. B b., box 88, Call Office.
L"OR SALE-FINELY FURNISH -.D HOUSE;
U 10 rooms; all tented; cheap. 618 Taylor st.
PARTNER WANTED WITH SMALL CAPI-
J. tai toluvesu 33 Sixth St., room 18
"I /."-ROOM LODGING-HOUSE: WldL SELL
IU cheap: inquire 33 Sixth su. room 18.
RESTAURANT FOR SALE; GOOD PLACE
X\i for man and wife: cheap. pply 324 Larkin.
WANTED— PARTNER IN FI -E PAYING
II Lusinesa. Particulars 539 California sU
1 BUTCHKR-SH. iP; FINE LOCATION;
cheap .-ent; lnves tgate. Call 4b Third sl.
OR ALE-AN ELEGANT TWO-CHAIR
XJ barber-shop; near Market: a real bargain; only
$60; good reason for selling. 12 Ha, sU
ARTNER WANTED TO JOIN ME IN PUR.
cbase of a splendid business, in the line of
which I've had long experience, and know the
opening In question to be exceptionally good; re-
quires only $750 for half interest, of which $350
may be pal I from the business if so desired, which
with pioper alien ion bou d easily clear $31100 to
Ssojo a year: present owner has ma a fortune
in last few years, but must bereauer devote undi-
vided attention to other in crests: duties wouid be
principally office work: this proposition is posi-
tively all right aod I mean business, so none but
principals, naming time and place for personal in-
lervlew, need at. ply. Address OPPORTUNE, oox
64. Call Office, city. .
LEA UN PARTICULARS OF PARTNER-HIP
opening in thoroughly established and very
extensive business: actually worth ten times the
$400 required. Particulars Of N. D. SICKeLS.
r-20 Markei st- rf*-_KWB_>ftg__j
RESTA D * ANT AND C" .FP'E R SALOON; OPP.
depot: $I*6. DECKER. 1020 Market su
PROSPEROUS REPUBLICAN WEEKLY
newspaper; golden opportunity: easy terms;
owner leaving, Address -> box 61, this office.
OTATIONERY-STORE— OLD, GOOD-PAYING
O place; nice for woman to make a good living.
Inquire Call Office.
GRAND CHANCE FOR RPSTAURANT
man— First-class oyster and chop house for
sale: woith $800: will sell for $300; owner leav-
ing the city; call and Bee L. 216 sixth su
SIAA OLD-ESTABLISHED SALOON,
<ff" 1 UU. with 5 living-rooms, Inquire 911 Fol-
som st.
('ANDY, ICECREAM AND SCHOOL SUP-
\J piles for saie: near school: 4 sunny living-
rooms and batii; reasonable. Apply Call Office.
I/OR SALE CHEAP— A PAYING PRODUCE-
X' store on Fifth street. Call 427 Fiont su
WANTED- IO RENT OR EXCHANGE
tt property for paper route P. O. box 204,
Oakland.
SALOON FOR SALE. INQUIRE McLEOD _:
HATIE, 515 Marketst.
FOR SALE— CORNER GROCERY AND BAR:
I „*'! 1 *»«*-l <-beap on account of sickness. Apply
1044 Pacific st.
Q^nfl PAY ING BUTCHER-SHOP
-JP« UU. on Market su Inquire GEORGE, 633
Californ a st.
CIGAR-STORE AND LAUNDRY OFFICE ON
Market su; cheap. Inquire Call Offlce.
fS OOD CHANCE TO INVEST IN A PAYING
VJ manufacturing businesi: entirely new. Ad-
dress Business, box 57, Call Offlce.
Ij-IRST-CLASS SALOON. CHEAP: SALE AC-
X count of sickness. . Call 119 Olive aye.
FOR SALE— GiiOCERY AND BAR; NO Op-
position, Inquire at call Office.
V-'UNG WIDOW WANTS A GENTLEMAN
X partner; small capital. . Room 8, 207 Post st.
FIRST MORTGAGE, $1200, 10 PER CENT,
on first-class property, for sa c atadiscount;
mortgage due. Address IX. C- H. 32. Minna su
FOR SALE— DINING-ROOM; ESTABLISHED
X trade of 25 biarders; central location: r_nt
boarded out. Address P. T., box 47, Call Offlce.
O\E«F THK BEST MILK ROUTES IN AL\-
meda county for sale: run by present owner
lor li years; sickness cause of set. lug. Addre.s
A. T. NEWTH, box 1140, Alameda, or al ranch
at Fltchbarg; ''-SSB-JSE-SSSt
OX»W' MISSION — SUBSCRIPTIONS AND
m-Om-V want ads taken for Thk Call
LATEST CAR FENDER PATENT: BEST IN
Xv ventlon. Apply 623 Golden Gate aye.
CITY ROUTE FOR SALE. APPLY' THIS
Office.
A NIMATOSCOPE— PROJECTING LIVING
mi\. pictures. Anlmatoscope, 933 MrkL, 7th floor
"VTEWSPAPER ROUTE IN INTERIOR CITY
X*l close to tan Francisco. For particulars apply
. this office.
LODGING-HOUSES FOB SALE.
! on ROOM HOUSE ON MARKET 5T..... 51400
OV 22-room bouse, only. 8 400
65 rooms, cor. . . 3,0001 14 rms on Sutter. 700
11 re.,' must sell 20 -J 66 rms, best city .3,500
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market su, opp. Fifth.
oc RMS; ELEGANT; N. MxRK.-.T $2000
mCo 30 rooms; north; great . irealn S**so
16 rooms; cen ral ; goo! furniture $325
UNDERWOOD & CO , 765 Market St.
_C'X.l\ LODGING-HOUSE, NEAR MARKET;
tJpOO''. 23 well-furnished , rooms: rent low:
always full: best class of roomers. A S. LESS,
10 _ Market su ' : \ ::'• ■':.
LODGING-HOUSE, 704 HOWA'D, COR. 3D;
32 rooms; furnished. 1020 Market st.
"1 a ROOM*: NK\v FURNITURE: FULL OF
J. 'a. roomers: off^-r wanted. 402 Geary st.
QQQ HAVES— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
000 call: subscriptions and want ads taken.
FURNITURE FOB SALE.
RETIRING FROM RETAIL BUSINESS;
must close out stock In 30 days: brusseU car-
pet, 42V_c yard; floor oilcloth. 18c; mat Ing, 7c
yard ; bedroom sets, 3 pieces, 49 "0: 4- room fur-
niture outfit, $65. sriIREK & SHIREK, 7.47
Market st . opp. Grant aye.
A MONEY-RAISING s-ALE— SO DAYS ONLY
Bedroom sets, 3 pieces... $3 50
Solid oak dining chairs.. ; . 75.
4-room furniture outfit. ..$67 50
Brussels carpet, laid 55cyarl
SHIREK a* sHIREK, 747 Market su. oppj*it a
Grant aye.
a»"LX. 6 ROOMS: COMPLETE FOR HOUSE-
<p 10. keeping; rent $13 162 Snn Carlos aye.
OR SALE-2 FOLDING-BEDS, BUREAU.
I 1 Call morning. 1406 Hyde su
T L. J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH. FOR
lowest prices on household roods; new or gooj
rsnew: cas or on ilme: open evenings.
FURNITURE WANTED.
FURNITURE, STOVES. CARPETS, COUN-
ters. showcases. ANDERSON. 1121 Markeu
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICKS FOR FURNl-
ture and merchandise see BURD, 211 Larkin.
HIGHER PRICE THAN ANYWHERE PAID
by Indians Anction C 0.1067 Markeuopp-Jopes
CARPET CLEANING.
CARPETS CLEANED, RENOVATED LIKE
new. J. McQUEEN, 4S3 Stevenson. Tel. 8.228.
CITY STEAM CARPET CLEANING WORK.:
cleans, moves, lays carpets. G. H. STEVENS,
Mgr. 38 and 40 Eighth su ; telephone South 250.
HEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
" poor work send toSPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet-beatlng Works, 353-57 Tehama st. : teL Sa 40.
CARPET-CLEANING, 3c: LAYING, 3c; RUG
samples free; teL Jessie 944. Stratton, 3 Bth st.
ADVANCE CARPET-CLEANING CO., 402
Sutter; teL Main 394. GEO- WALCOM, prop.
J WATTS, reliable carpet-cleanlug renovtg, alter-
. ation works. 409 McAllister. TeL Jessie 321.
CARPETS CLEANED* RENOVATED LIKE
new. 23 Tenth; tel. South 36. Mackintosh A Co.
JE. MITCHELL, CARPET-CLEANING CO-
. 240 14th su ; cleaning Sc a yard. TeL Mia 74.
CONKLIN'S CARPET- BEATING WORK.
333 Golden Gate aye. Telephone East 120.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
INE HARDM ' \N UPRIGHT.I IKE NEW;" A
chance to save money. Room 12, 809 Markeu
AN ELKGANT STEINWAY AND WEBER
for sale cheap. Room 10, Flood Building.
FINE UPRIGHT PIANO LIKE NEW, CHEAP.
833 Castro sU
CALL AND HEAR NEW STYLE BRUENN
pianos: patent sounding-board; new principle;
the delight and wonder of all musicians. 228 Pose
BEST BARGAINS IN THE CITY FOR THE
next 6 days at MAUVAIS', 769 Market st.
ELEGANT BRUENN PIA .O: G.HJD AS
new; sacrifice. BRUENN'S, 228 Post sU
ACTUALLY THE BEST BARGAINS IN Pi-
anos; mon hly pa ments from «5 up: deliv-
ered free with siojl and cover: correspondence
solicited. THE F. W. SPENCER COMPANY,
salesrooms 933 Market sU, opp.. Mason; estab
lished over 20 years.
<B* Inn UPRIGHT IN GOOD CONDITION; A
tJPi-Wl/. bargain. BRUENN'S, 228 Post st.
fflj IOA HAZELTON UPRIGHT, STOOL,
tjpL^.V. cover; $5 install-.::. 221 Leavenworth.
YOU ARE WELCOME TO CREDIT AT
X BRUENN'S piano house, 228 Post su
BSOLUTELY THE OLDEST AND LARGEST
house west of Chicago is KoHLER &
CHASE'S. 26, 28 aud SO u'Parrell si.; pianos, or-
gans and all other musical instruments, 01 all
grades and prices; terms easy, prices lowest:
everything possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
. ONA FIDE REDUCTION IN PRICES—
> Haines. Knabe, Bush A Gerts and others: sec-
ond-band pianos from $100 up. W. C. HAMIL-
TON, successor to A. L. Bancroft A Co., 324 xOsU
OUR RENT CONTRACT PLAN ENABLES
every family to have a fine new piano. SHER-
MAN, CLAY & CO., Kearny and Sutter sts.
DMINISIRATOR'S SALE — MUST SELL,
pianos at lruueuve reduction for cash or oa
ius. ailments. EATON ESTATE, 735 Markeu
WHY PAY RENT FOR A PIANO WHEN
the same monthly payments will purchase
one at SHERMAN, CLAY' it CCS.
THE BEBT PIANOS OF EVERY GRADE,
from stelnway down, can be found at SHER-
MAN, CLAY A CO.'&
A AIN. FIN E LARGE UPR IGHT.CHE AP
SCHMITZ. 16 McAlllster.next Hibernia Bank.
AT SHERMAN, CLAY A CO.'S ONLY WILL
you find a stock of new stein way pianos-
ORNUNG'S PIANO; MOST PERFECT;
brilliant and powerful tone. 216 Post su
WG. BADGER. SOLE A- • ENT FOR H ALLET
.A Davis and Francis Bacon pianos. 415 Sacto.
PIANOS SOLD AT SHERMAN, CLAY A CO. 'a
on very easy payments.
BYRON MALZY. 308 P-ST ST.— SOHMEB,
Newby d: Evans. Briggs and other pianos.
Q UPERIOR VIOLINS. ZITHERS, OLD* NEW
OH. MULLER. maker, repmrer 2ia ham placa.
HORSES.
A A HORSES FOR SALE; ALSO WAGONS.
"" buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse
Market, 327 Sixth sU: auction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN «fe DOYLE. Auctioneer-.
CA HEAD DRIVING AND WORK HORSES;
OV weight 1000 to 1700 lbs. 862 Howard su
LL KINDS OF TURNOUTS TO LET AND
for aisle. M.F. BOYCF.'S livery stable. 38 12 th st
Cf\ HEAD OF HOBSES SUITABLE FOR ANT
OV/business 900 to J 6OO pounds. Old Turk-su Car
stables, 1301 Turk: team of larce young mules.
ti||> SET NEW AND SECOND-HAN HAK-" \
OVV cess: all kinds: buggy.wagon, carts, surrey J
A rocka war: 40 cheap horses. 15th ant V alert.- \. I
— _»— -^ — m m .^— p p— m ■■» -»-— —^,7
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
TE», COFFEE AND SP CE WaGON: ALSO
new and second-hand wagons. 1340 Turk st.
■fCJEW AND SECOND-HAND BAKER. LAUN-
-L\ dry and mllk-waeon: also fine top buggy and.
rockaway. 828 Harrison su
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
©9A HANDSOME, EQUAL TO NEW,
a£)m.V. latest style White sewing-machine: at-
tachments complete; cause, depar.ure. 812 a Fil-
bert st.
"V"" A TION* A L CASH REGISTER CHEAP AT
Xl meat market, 1105 Mission su .
FOR SALE — 50-HORSE- POWER ENGINE
and boiler; everything complete for flr.t-cUss
steam planu Address J., box 10, Call.
AND LAUNDRY MACHINE-: NEW AND
second-hand ; tools supp led, etc. 766 Bryant
i ARS, BACK BARS, MIRRORS. SHOW-
'■'.cases, counters, linoleum, office furniture,
store and offlce furniture and fixtures, new and
second hand. J. N< ON AN, 1017-1016-1021-1023
Mission a., above Sixth.
L'URNITURE _-RO>>M MODERN FLAT; ALL
-V new. • Call 1 to 4, 833 Pine su
■\TKW ELMWO-D RANGES ARK THE BEST"
X\ W. 8. RAY MFG. CO. 12 California su - - '
IjOILER_,ENGINES,.D-HANu MACHINERY
X> water-pipes. Mcintosh it Wolpman, 137 Beala,
BARS, SCALES. MIRROR-, .FRENCH
ranges, etc.. bought, sold. M-.EK, 1118 Mission.
COFFEE MILL SCALES, LETTER PREsaf
stand desk, money Mil, safe: cheap. 102 Clarit
, ARS, SHOWOA&Ea, COUNTERS* SHELVJ
-1 ' Ing. etc., t ought and sold.* 1063 Mission. nr.7ih7
O^ SM A MEDIUM AN D L ARG L :
Are and burglar proof safe. 109-111 Market si
.HOTELS.
B^OKLYN7HOTEIT^O^__~^^r^TC
board and room $1 to $2 per day 56 to *12
per wee*; choice rooms 50 cents to »l- -uiw
looms for family $1 to *1 50 per night- first-class
service; lre« coacfc, CHARLES MONTGOMERIfHOUSES TO LET.
Gj-I % 6. ROOMS AND YARD; MARINE I
tpXO. view. Apply 1. 25 Washington St., near I
Jones. ...
Q9Q GEARY. NIL LARKIN— ROOMS.
:.',r:,7, b 1 th: r *' nt ver - v tow. Baldwin &
IiowELL. 10 Montgomery su
<i 1 •_» iiuUS.. OF 6 ROOMS; 912, ONE OF 4
ij «J. rooms: on Lawrence place, off Fremont
SL, bet. Harrison and Bryant; grand view of bay.
"CJI.A 2-STORY FRAME, 4 ROOMS AND
c iv. basement; water fre*-. quiet and rt-sp'.ct-
-blo* neighborhood, b selina place, off north side
California st.. below Stockton, ke - at 8.
9 SUNNY HOUSES: 7 ROOMS. HATH, PAS-
- try, yard and basement: lent $20. ->3() » app bt.
l"1 .. 1-E..L, NIL VAN _r_s AYE.— HOUSE
{ X of 1 . rooms and bath.
"1 99) BUSH — SUNNY HOUSE: 9 ROOMS;
1 — — V yard; rent reasonable 10 a good tenant.
<2*A(\ 731 BROADWAY, NEAR GOUGH— B
■_ "IV.. rooms; every convenience; marine view.
BAP TENANTS i -.lECTED: 93. SMITH,
. .collector, 14 McAllister st.. rooms 10-11.
-ROOMS; s_3u Sr.cc.ND ST.: 916 PER
0 month. Key at 639 - econd st.
- ROOMS; 5378 SECOND ST.; 917 PER
1 month. Key at 539 Second st. . jßSwfl-S
iX ROOMS; NEW HOUSE; MODERN I.M-
-y provements: 45 Federa a;.', 916 per mouth to
ceslrable tenants. Key at 539 .-eco.idsu
HOUSES iv KENT P'Olt VERY "Little
money at B_tl__uWlA _. HAMMOND'S. Ij
■y ' n-.ron.erv st. - - IL *L*ffT M*
FURNISHED FLATS.
T °» W^. FLAT 8 ROOMS, DETACHED: PON
-» ' A sides-, reasonable; de-lrablc. p-l'.'i^ Kills.
7 COTTAGES TO LET.
pOTTAGE, 4 SUNNY ROOMS, YARD.
\j also flat. 6rms..j;i4. Grotery.'Jd, nr.Townsend.
SUNNY COTTAGES OF 4 AND 6 ROOMS,
bath, basement, yard: cheap. Cor. Dolores
and Fifteenth sts.
fl", NICE COTTAGE; 6 ROOMS: BATH;
<C XO. Minny: yard: rellr.r Key 71 1 Treat aye.
- ■ . "— "*■* mmmmmm *— ■*■ — — — —
FLATS TO LET;
<£ lft A. NEW upper flatTVTarge
Vi «-"• rooms: bath: modern improvements:
stable if required: yard and cellar. 38 .-.naron
sU, beU 15th and 16th. Church and Sanchez.
rpO LKT-A BEAUTIFUL BAY- WINDOWED
.«,*S,* 0^. 5 rooms and bath; rent reduced to $15.
ISl6*^b McAllister st.
"VICE BAY-WINDOW FLAT; 4 ROOMS. 14
xi Moss st., bot. sixth and Seventh, nr. Howard.
71'>? > VIA, NEAR McALLI-TBR-
-1 X.- lovely lower flat, seven looms: bath- all
modern Improvements.
VLATOF 5 large sunny ROOMS, base-
A ment, yard and 5tab1e.. .241 Sixteenth s., near
Dolores.
SUNNY CORNER FURNISHED FLAT OF 3
rooms, with gas cookin- stove; rent 916: also
one of 4 rooms; rem 914. Apply 515 second sl
Q9CI TEHAMA— MODERN FLAT OF SIX
O-mO rooms: latest improvements: rent reduced.
TOWER.UPPER FIATS-5 ROOMS: BiTrf:
-Li yard; 915, 918. la Shotwell si.,ur. Fourteenth.
IQ9 0 1 SACRAMENTO -FLAT 5 ROOMS.
1 OmmO-i modern lmprovemeuts: rent 916.
Qa^fl LOWER FLAT; 5 R.OMB, BATH:
'.m~V. modern. 1730 Baker, near California,
Hj'l'9 LOVELY" SUNNY FLAT; 4 LARGE
V 1 — - rooms, bath, gas and yard. 3928 Nine-
teenths:., bet. Noe ana sanchez. water free.
Qlfl LOWER FLAT: 4 ROOMS: GOOD
♦. LSI . yard. 22 De Boom at., off Second, near
Bran
Cjl J AND .9 — 2 NICE LOWER FLATS.'
'-. -1 ' Nineteenth and Collingwood sts.
ELEGANT CORNER FLAT: 7 ROOMS. 654
Church st. near Mission Hign school.
fflk'R TO 910 SAVED MONTHLY. 3UO FLATS
$- TO $10 SAVED MONTHLY. 602 FLATS
O lo let cieap at SPECK A CO "S, 602 Mar_et-
S()~ MODERN FLAT; 8 ROOMS, BATH.
«J) —O. H"-Sa Howard sl, near Seventh.
PLAT 5 Sl'XvY ROOMS AND BATH;
-F cheap. 1511 Taylor st., bet. Pacific and Broad-
way. Bi-H
J-ROOM FLAT; FEDERAL PLACE. OFF FED-
-1 eral St.; to a tenant without children; 910 per
month. Key at 639 second st.
/•HEAP MODERN FLATS, 6 AND 6
v r- o_is. 98 to fid: see them. 623 Seventh st.
I'LA'iS lo U-tNT toil V-.KY LITTLE |
t_ouey at BAXmUVfIm. at liA_l__ONLr-_ Id ;
"jicntconiery •<:.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
Buchanan street.
(i(\o BUCHANAN.CORNERFELL— 2ISUNNY
VVS furnished keeping rms.; from 913 up
Lush Street.
9QI 3 1 BUSH— NEWLY FURNISHED
-'*I'J2 sunny rooms for housekeeping: sink;
bath and yard: cheap.
Capp Street.
9>Y CAPP - TWO SUNNY JtOOMS: NICE
-— " kitchen and small bedroom furnished com-
plete.
- nili Street.
Q9K FIFTH-CLEAN FURNISHED HOUSE-
OSO keeping, 2, 910: 1. 97; sunny hall room, 95.
tOQI FIFTH— FRONT ROOM AND KITCH-
tmCOz en fornl-hed for housekeeping: first floor.
- 1 olsom Street. -
pQln 2 OR 3 FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
0 XV . housekeeping. 820 Folsom, ne.tr Fourth.
Harriet Street.
3 Harriet st.. off Howard, near
0 Sixth— 2 nice sunny housekeeping rooms: 99,
. __
Howard Street.
1 19ft 1 HOWARD-SUNNY FRONT SUITE;
JLXSO2 furnished for housekeeping; baih; 912.
Kearny Streer.
9QA KEARNY— 2 OR 3 ROOMS, FURNISHED
S.OV for housekeeping; coal or gas stove.
Market Street.
1 nfi^ MARKET, OPP. J ONES-FRONT BAY*-
-1 VVO window rooms and sunny honsekeeping.
trriQQ MARKET — 2 OR 3 NICELY FUR-
mmjyjoO nlshed sunny rooms, housekeeping.
Mason Street.
Al MASON— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
'il O rooms; suitable light housekeeping; reason-
able.*
/--■' -. in ii » ttIMM
OK Ql MINNA, BET. FOURTH AND FIFTH-
•-•JO-4 _ housekeeping rooms; furnished com-
I'ete. ■ ' - ' ■
Z.AL' MINNA — FURNISHED ROOMS COM-
cJ)"±c) piete for housekeeping; large yard.
no a MINNA — HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS;
• Otr cheap; no children.
Mission Street.
"I/YfJO MISSION*— CHEAPEST CLEAN SUN-
-J-UUO ny rooms: housekeeping; and hers.
Montgomery (Street.
C 97 MONTGOMERY, COR. CLAY — OPEN
OS I until *:3 o'clock: branch office of The
C all: subscriptions and want ads taken.
Nutoma Street.
rAI NATOMA, COR. CONNECT-
I'M Ing front room, housekeeping, with sink;
cheap.
CT-'H[| Ninth Street.
9/Y NINTH-FRONT SUITE OR SINGLE; GAS
mmV water; stove. 246 Eighth— 2 large rooms.
7 - Pacific Street.
V W. COR. PACIFIC AND HYDE- 7 SUNNY
■*■' • unfurnished rooms and bath. ---- • :
Pine Street.
f.9.1 PINE— ROOM WITH KITCHEN CON-
. '— 1 nectlng: for man and wife; cheap; refer-
"oces. ■ . • -'
i o.k street.
('I 9 POLK— SUNNY NEWLY FURNIBHED
'' — housekeeping rooms; kitchen: gas. batb;
'..e. _t_f__f/___BtmmWmWEsl*i
lir;qo polk-rare chance FOR RIGHT
[ 1 ''•-•— party to rent dining-room, kitchen and
i living-rooms; cheap. call upstairs.
'•! l'kd'l. POLK. COR. CLAY— 2 LARGE, NICE-
■i «*>lv furnished sunny . fiont rooms for
bousekeeping; rent $15. '
Tot: street.
Q99 POST-2 PLEASANT ' BACK ROOMS.
.--»-. furnished for housekeeping: large yard; $10
Scott Street.
1.1. Q SCOTT-TWO . PARTLY FURNISHED
Ax aj rooms lor housekeeping, and bath. ".-.>.■;
HOBSEEEEPIXO ROOMS - Continued.
Seventh street.
99_L SEVENTH— SUNNY ROOMS SINGLE;
**mVX or light housekeeping; rent reasonable. .
.south Park.
"1 Q SOUTH PARK-3 PLEASANT CONNECT-
XV ing rooms furnished for housekeeping; 912;
also 1 room, "*".
Stockton Street.
I 7AQ STOCKTON — 2 CONNECTING FUR-
-1 tvis nlshed rooms for housekeeping; yard;
sink; cheap.
Ihirrt Street.
-1 (.Ol THIRD ST. — NICELY FURNISHED
JLUOa housekeeping rooms: very reasonable. .
Cl ft TniRD — HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
O X O range and running water. .-
\ »v Nee* Avenue.
yjAOVAN NESS AYE.— 2 SUNNY FUR-
iv- nished rooms: ll?bt housekeeping; lfronu
ROOMS TO LET.
Eighth Street.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE. 28 BTH
St.. near. Market: furnished and unfurnished.
-£Ut_ Street.
ROYAL HOUSE. 126 ELLIS — I.VCANDE*.
XX cent lights ln every room-, reading-room, con-
taining dairy papers: smoking-room and ladles'
larior; opeu all nUiit; rooms per night. 35c to
6.: week, $2 to 9**: mouth. 98 to 930: fire es-
capes: elevator on office floor; annex of 65 rooms
cow ready : bot and cold water in each room: baths,
rPHK RAMON A, ISO ELLIS, MR*. KATE S.
a HART, manager— A quiet house; centrally lo-
cated: newly furnished: elevator; hot it cold water.
Filth street.
THE COSMOPOLITAN — SELECT FAMILY
hotel: 100 Fifth St., cor. Mission: rooms
60c, 76c and 91 per ulght: 92 to 35 per week
Geary Street.
"I (SO GEARY — E. EGANTLY FURNISHED
J-UO sunny rooms; en suite or single; offices.
tYIX GEARY ST., OPP. UNION i-Q'ARE—
-li) 4 unfurnished rooms: key at -17 Geary st.
QQ7 GEA :Y— NEWLY FURNISHED SUN-
-00 I ny front rooms.
. Gougb Street.
ncsX GOUOH-ONE SUNNY FRONT ROOM,
U-.-J newly furnished; rent 98.
Harrison Street.
QO' HARRRISON — FURNISHED FRONT
VSO roam with closet; 93 50.
uuimr.i Strait-.
QCO HOWARD— UNFURNISHED ROOMS IN
t/i. aj suites or single.
01 OC HOWARD — NICELY FURNISHED
— 1— a' rooms; cars communicate a.l over city;
reference exchanged.,
Hyde Street. '
7 HYDE— FRONT SUNNY SUITE; FUR-
I nished: 915.
7*l 7 HYDE— SUNNY FURNISHED FRONT
11 i room; rent moderate.
Kearny Street,
* RLINGTON HOUSE. 127 KEARNY —
JA. Pleasantsunny rooms, en suite and single; first
class in every respect: terms reasonable.
Leidesdorff Street* "
"I 1 ft LEIDEsDORFF— NICE SUNNY ROOM:
X 1 U private; gas; 91 25 per week.
Mai ket Street.
■\roSEMITE HOUSE. 1045 MARKET— PER
-L night, 935 to $1 : week, 91 60 to $5: families.
1 Z.IIQ MARKET — sUNNY FRONT AND
J duO back rooms; suitable for offices; terms
moderate.
Martha Place.
6 MARTHA PLACE, OFF GEARY, BET.
Mason and Taylor; sunny rooms; $5 month..
Minna Street.
AOI MINNA, BET. *>TH AND BTH— NICE
"-I- ) J front rooms,(s mo. tin; hot. cold water baths.
(MM MINNA, COR EIGHTH— NEWLY FUR-
VV I nlshed bay-window rooms; 91 per week.
Mission Street.
HANCOCK HOT'SK, ?Sl MISSION; SELECT
family rooming-house: $1 50 to 94 per week.
£»00 MI OX— N ICKLY FURNISHED
DO- snnny rooms; a quiet place; prices reason- '■
able. .
Q'Q MISSION— LARGE FRONT ROOM, NEW-
-000 y furnished, 99; others $4.
__ |
19-11 MISSION — NICELY FURNISHED
lwl sunny rooms; g em en only; no bl.l.
Post Street.
RANDOLPH HOUSE, 601 POST— CHANGED
hands: 50 bay-window parlors: smaller
rooms; running water; gas and grates; 91 50 to 94
per week.
Powell Street.
"1 90 POWELL— NICELY" FURNISHED
XmUO rooms; suite or single; cheap.
Sixth Street.
QQ SIXTH QUIET . SUNNY ELEGANT
00 rooms; ill conveniences; fireproof building.
Stockton at reel.
THE EUROPEAN, 17 STOCKTON— FUR- *
nlshed suites from $■» to 910 a week: single
rooms, 91 .0 to $3 a week: hot and cold water in
every room: baths: transient specialty: elevator.
butter Street.
p: "I /4 SUTTER— NICELY' FURNISHED
a.) l"x rooms; suite or single; low rent to desirable
tenants.
Turk Street.
Q*| A TURK— SUNNY FRONT ROOMS;
ol" new furniture; bath; private family.
Miscellaneous.
SW. COR SIXTEENTH ST., NEAR MISSION:
branch office Of Tux Call. subscriptions and
want ads taken. . . i*^-_-_tinß9Hß
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
mQVAN NESS AYE.— SUNNY FRONT
X 1 J ai alcove room: ins-bed; hand omely
furnished; running water; large closets: board
optional.
1 -101 VAN NESS. COR. BUSH-SUNNY
LtVX double and single rooms with board; -el.
HOTEL BKRTLING. 714 Bl SH-A FAMILY
hotel: references: all modern conveniences.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
MOTHER'S PERSONAL. CARE: 1 MONTH
old up: sunny rooms; wholesome food; low
rate*. R J., box 122. Call Office.
STORES TO LET.
QO CLEMENTINA ST., STORE AND 9 ROOMS
00 cheap renu Key 23.
BARBER-SHOP. WITH BATHS: ESTAB-
lished 16 years: $18 per month; key at 639
Second st.
Carpenter-shop; 97 per month. 6De Boom St.;
key at 639 Second sl
P.umolng-shop; 98 per montn. 3 De Boom ;
key at 539 second St.
Corner store, 531 second it.; 914 per month:
ker at 639 Second st.
-I ill] MISSION, NEAR NEW POSTOFFICE
11 — 1 site— Large store, 3 rooms at.ached:
suitable for grocery or liquor-store.
1 1 Qpd VALENCIA - OPPOSITE BCHOOL.
XXOt bouse; has living rooms attached; 916.
ABHTON & o AliDNEti, 411 Montgomery st.
1 Q/»*^ POWELL. NEAR PACIFIC— 2 SHOW -
1 OVO windows and living-rooms; cueap rent;
flft- , ' .
TO LET— STORE AND 21 BOOMS; SUNNY':
27 Minna St.; rent very cheap. MADISON A
BURKE.
-I 1 | .ft UNION— SI ORE, » ROOMS, SUITaT
JLJ.UO able any business; front carnouse; 912.
©O^ STORE; 3 ROOMS; LIGHT CELLAR.
tJpZ»_). 1128 Howard St., near Seventh."
iii* FOURTH— ALL STORE WITH ROOM
ttiO in rear: low renu Apply to G. H. UMBSEN
A CO., 14 Montgomery st.
JUNE. BASEMENT SUITABLE FOR ANY
business: one block from Market. 16 Grant are.
AT LOW RENT— PART *J-' STOKE AND
baem»-nt- 324 Post st.
OFFICES TO LET.
PART OF FURNISHED OFFICE TO RENT;
good locution. 509 Kearny, room 8. •
DESK HO 'M CHEAP; LARGE SUNNY OF-
lice, furnished. Call 69 Columbian building.
ST. ANN'S BUILDING, 6 EDDY ST.. CORNER
Powell— Desirable offices, with gss, janitor and
elevator. • JBOVEiiVTOY d»CO., 90 Mout«omery.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1897.
PERSONALS.
I HAVE imitators, LOTS OF THEM: BUT
there's only one ' G. LEDERER, and that's me.
My .trictly one price for all kinds of hair-dressing
is 25c. Hair-dressing with shampoo. 60<-, - ' QUI-
NuNIA" Hair Tonic 3 c. Gray or bleached hair
restored to natural color with perfectly harm.
preparation. 0. •. EDERER, 111 Stockton st. Be
sure of the number. !sS9B_M__Briß_i-SBHHi
GF. -WRITE SO AS I CAN UNDER-
. stand you, or come up. DORA.
PITNTING MATERIAL FOR SALE CHEAP.
8 Montgomery aye., room 13.
ADVICE FREE: DIVORCE LAW- A .--PEC-
ialiy. private: no fee without success, pro-
bale, insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale'
damages, etc, prlv.te detectives, estab. 10 years.
G.W.HOWE. a. y at- aw. 860 MarXet.cor.Stocktn
SUFFe.RER!
Your rheumatism will be cured If you will only
go at once to the rl.ht place; there is but the rue
place in the city where you can be qulcklv ured.
Uo to DR. SMITH'S ' -MAGNETIC.
BATHS. BANTTA i lUM. 1533 Buchanan st.
1 PRIVATE DETECTIVE WORK DONE REA-
X sonabie: 10 years' experience: lir*. 10 to 12 M ,
2 t0 5, 7 to B p. St. G.R.W-.8-TER, 1027 Market,--.
MM . J. PHILLIPS. HUMAN HAIR ME '.-
chan ; artist In hair and ladies' hairdresser.
Removed to 120 Geary, above Graut aye.
LDGOLD BOUGHT: HIGHEST PRICEa O.
NOLTE, Jeweler, 222 O'i arrell st., nr. Meson.
FURNISHED ROOMS: REASONABLE. MRS.
J L. DEAN, 908 Howard St., near Filth. '
MISS ULLIE LAKE. CARD READER AND
magnetisu Rooms 3 and 4, 300 Sutter.
H HUFSCHMIDT, SANITARY PLUMBER,
. gasfilter. .23UoidenUate ay. Tel. .Sutler 471.
STROZY.NSKI. 24 _(' AR V ST., EXPERT
. European hairdressers and coiters; employs
no apprentices; prices equal to other-..
CVEGRANT WILL HEAR OF SOMETHING
. to his advantage by calling upon LANDRY
C. BABIN, 4*3 Kearny st.
DIVORCE AND ANNULMENT OF MAR-
rlai-e: terms of paimentob latug; legal every-
where. Address lock box F., 806 .Market st,, 8. F.
PAINTING, WHITENING.' PAPERING;
lowest estimates .best work guanine d; wall pa-
per 3c roll. EDWARDS. 1200 Webster, cor. Eddy.
MIS KEEGAN (FORMERLY WITH G. LED-
erer) has opened a stylish halrdreailng par. or;
latest effects tprlce 25c. 124% O'Farrell, ur.Powell.
l'/HWI CAKOii $160. SHOW CARDS. ETC.
IVUU Tel. Black 141. HILL. 22% Geary at.
0» 1 A DOZEN— FINE CABINET-* Ax' \yli_-
tjpl teON'Suallery. 1028 Market.
-97 MONTGOMERY ST.. BRANCH OFFICE
OS l .1 Tut Call; want ads and subscriptions
taken. '
PARTINGTON'S i-CHUOL OF MAG \ZINE
J and Newspaper Illustration: particulars as to
terms, etc. 424 Pine au; illustration- -.uruiabed
lor magazines, new spatters, etc.
ARTISTIC H AIRDKES^INI'. 25c: 925 FOR
cases of hair failing or dandruff 1 cannot cure.
MRS. HUBBARD. 1104 Market st., room 28.
RUPTURE AND PILES CURED: NO PAY
XX nntll cured: send for book. - DRS. MAN->
.1.1.1) A PORTERFI ELD 838 Market St.
MAGNISCOPE — NEW PROJECTING. MA-
chine: uses the klnetoscope Uinta; price 1 260.
BACIGALCPI. 946 Market st.
\l* ALL PAPER, 4C A ROLL; PAPER HANG-
' ' Ing. pai uti us-, etc., by contract' or daya work, at
yoorown price. N.E. MERIGAN, 1302 Webster sk
BIG OUTDOOR STEREOPTICON r-HOW EVE-
ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts.: artistic ad-
vertisements in living light: promoters Of busi-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market St.
ELECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM:
Winchester House. 44 Third st, nr. Market;
.00 rooms. 26c to $1 50 per night-.. 91 60 to 4*5 per
week ; free bus and baggage to and trom the ferry.
C CLOAKS, FURS A.Mi bUHs RETAILED AT
) wholesale prices. Factory. 20 Sansome st.
% WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — mi.
mA. El. KEY CALL, la wracper. for mailing.
UKDICAL.
ANEW. PROCESS-NO MEDICINE OR IN-
srument used; every woman her own physi-
cian for all tenia trou lies, no matter from what
cause: restores always in one day: can be sent
and used at home: all cases guaranteed; genuine
new process can only be had at my office. Adver-
tised 20 years DR. PoPPfiK, 318 Kearny st. .
DR. J. H. JOSSELYN, THE GREAT SPECIAL-
ISE still offers his va uab c services to the tin-
lortunaie. Wltn a mind ma ured and earlcued by
studies of an advauced or.tr. there is hardly a
disease In the catalogue of hum -in ills he cannot
treat to a perfect cure Ladles, he Is always ready
to assist you. His knowledge has teen streng h-
ened by extensive experience. No case peculiar
to your delicate organism Is beyond his sure con-
trol His female monthly r> tnedt-s are Mitt* and
safe in their off ct-. His tried and valuable.reme-
dles for lost manhood are never-failing li > heir
action, and are warranted for both youn< and old.
He excels all others in the cure of private diseases,
over 5J years of practice enab es hlm to warrant
a cine lv all cases. Consu. I parlors. BUB
Market st. Call or write direct to 900 Market st.,
rooms 11 and 12.
A LL CASES OF MONTHLY* SUPPRESSION
mt\. ifrom whatever cans*) restored in a few
hours: safe and sure at any time; Instant relief for
travelers; home in confinement: best care and
privacy: regular physician; 30 years' successful
practice: my celebrate, remed.es for monthly
suppression never fail, every Case guaranteed;pcon-
sniiation fr. c, contiden lai; hours 10 to 6; pills 91.
MRS. DR. WYETH, 910 Post St., near Larkin.
* SURE CURE FOR ALL FEMALE DIS-
Sl eases from whatever cause; a home ln con-
finement with every comfort: satisfaction guar-
anteed by MRS. GWYER, 228 TurK SU
A PROCESS THAT IS PERFECTLY HARM-
i.ss: never falls in any case of monthly sick-
ness, no mooter what cause: no elec ricity hum-
bug or other dangerous methods: money In every
case refunded if a cure is not effected; travelers
helped Immediately; years' experience: home In
confinement with sanitarian convenience. Con-
sult free the only reliable physicians. DR. AND
MRS. DA VIES, 14 M-Aiilsiersb, next Hibernia
Bank: hours, 9 a. m. to 6 and 7 to 8 p. _.
PROCESS THAT NEVER FAILS TO RE-
•store every case of monthly sickness from
whatever cause in a few bonrs when medicines
and others have failed: no instruments used:
many years' experience: every case guaranteed;
advice free: terms reasonable; first-class private
home for confinement. MRS. DR. D.\LEY, 1128
Market st-, over the Owl Drugstore.
DR. LET'S -FRENCH CAPSULES- A
guaranteed absolute cure for alt female dis-
eases (no matter what cause): positively sate and
sure; no dang or after effects: taken in time It
also acts as a preventive: price 91 60 per box;
rent tree by mall on receipt of price. WALLER
BROS.. 33 Grant aye.
DR. AND MRS. Wl- GENER. 526 EDDY" ST.:
private home; every comfort: separate rooms
before and onring confinement : female complaints
skillfully treated; regular physician: quick relief
for travelers; best care; ier i s moderate: babies
adopted lv good families; consultation free; pills "*'_.
LADIES, CHICHESTER'S ENGLISH PENNY-
royal Pills (Diamond Brand) are best: safe, re-
liable; take no other, .-end 4c, stamps, for particu-
lars, "Relier tor Ladies," iv letter by return mall
at druggist's. Chichester Chem. Co.. Philadelphia
MRS. GOODWIN. SPECIALIST. LADIES
near or tar: safe, quick cure guaranteed, any
disease or complaint: home for patients; best
skill: free diagnosis; low fees; self-cure. 401
Van Ness aye.
ALPEAU 8 FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TOLA-
dies with female troubles; no danger; safe and
sure; 92 50 ex press O. O D. ; don't delay until too
lata. OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents, Oakland;C'al.
A T THE PEOPLK'SONE DOLLAR MEDICAL
JA. Institute alt cases treated and medicines fur-
nished for «1 ; call or write. 1029*/ 2 M rket st.,
bet. Sixth and Seventh, san Francisco, Cal.
nOn PAID FOR A CASE I FAIL TO CURE
OVV of female complaints or diseases of the
eye consultation free. MRS. DR. SCOTT ,410 Ueary
DC PRAE's FEMALE REGULATING PILLS;
safe and efficient emmena.ogue: 91 per box.
RICHARDS & CO.,druggis(-, 406 Clay si., sole agts,
DON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
his museum. 1061 Marxec st. : his 30 year.
pfoccessfui practice ls a guarantee of fair treatment;
the wont cases treated satisfactorily by mail. ■•
HOME IN CONFINEMENT; IRKEOULARI.
ties restond. DR. AND MRS. RAY, 61 Fifth.
HOME, A FRIEND AND MOTHER'S CAR It
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1410 Eighth st, Alameda,
"I F IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE Ul-KAsK
X-ea MR* DR. PUET'Z and ibe content. mblUj Alls.
I \ll. HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET. NEAR
1' Jones. Diseases of women ana children.
LOST.
LOST— SUNDAY IN lOHT, A LADYS' OPEN-
faced gold watch, wiln mtnogram on back.
Will be rewarded at 1170 Market st., room 6.
LOST FOX- TERRIER: BITCH: -WHITE,
black and tan head; chain collar; reward. 26
Tenth st. ' . - ■ ■ ■ -
BRANCH OFFICE OFTHE CALL. 167 NINTH
st.: want ad. and subscriptions taken.
• ATTORNEYS- AT-LAW.
ADVICE FREE: DIVORCE LAWS a SPEC-
laity; private; no fee without success: probate,
Insolvency, wills collections, bills of sale, deeds,
damages, etc.; private detective. t estab. 10 years.
O. W. HOWE. 850 Market st. corner Stockton »v
ADVICE FREE; NO CHARGE UNLESS BUC-
ctssful. W. W. DaVIDmjN. 927 Market st.
RW. KING, ATTORNEY-aT-LAW, CHRON-
. icle building; advice free; lowfe.-s; all cases.
ADVICE FREE; NO CHARGE UNLESS BUC-
cessfui. J. G. JEFFRES3, 632 Market, rm.23.
EDUCATIONAL
LUCKHARDT'S COMBINED ASSAY OFFICE
and School of Instruction (incorporated);
PRAi-TICAi* and INDIVIDUAL instruction in
the latest improved methods io assaying, analysis,
electroplating. CYANIDE process, etc.; SPECIAL
ATTENTION given to caieful a say and analysis
of ores, waters, etc. 26 O'Farrell «L: elevator.
'•/ URBIVE SHORTHAND" EASIEST,
*> best 'and cheapest: vowels aud consonants
joined: no positions: descriptive pamphlet free;
also Pit!, an. Graham, Munson and Marsh writers
corrected and speeded:- tint-class references. EOS-
COE EAMrS, room 70, Flood building.
A SCHOOL OF PHYSICAL CULTURE AND |
Elocu' 1215 Octavla st., San Francisco,
MISS EI-.ZA MA KINTOSH. pupil of Professor
G. W. Bi ynham. Glasgow. Scotland, and graduate
of the .-chool of Oratory, Philadelphia, Pa.,
teacher., (ffice days, Tuurs. and Sat. r. __
HEALD'S BUSINESS (OLLEGE, 24 POST—
Bookkeeping, business practice, short haul,
typing, telegraphy, languages, English branches
eleclrical engineering: 20 teachers: 15,000 gradu-
ates; day and evening sessions; catalogue,
ffl. I C COMPLETE COURSE, SHORTHAND
♦. I *'• and typewriting (Pitman or Graham) by
Eastern law stenographer: axy orevening instruc-
tion. 1816 V. Post. . _'•_,;.-.
AYBES-, THE LEADING COLLEGE. 3*l
Montgomery St.: individual instructloa ia
tbortband, typing, oookkeeplug. telegraphy, eta.-
liie scholarship 950 l«w rate, per week and mix
STAMMERING, LISPING, .ALL IMPERFEC-
tIons of speech, positively cured: voice bn tid-
ing. Individual instruction; references from best In
California. PROP*. R. *■>. DWVIs. 1608 Market
ENGINEERING *81 HOOL; MECH.. ELEC."
J civil, mining, survey, assay, Mrchi-., X ray
tau.hl; e5.1864. A.VAN DER NAILLEN.933 Mat
TIKHL'S SHORTHAND" AND BUSINESS
College. 723 Market su; students trained; office
situations secured- lowest rates or credit for tuition
LOCUTION AND DRAMA; I EI.SARTE
thoroughly taught; appearances arranged: 1 to
Bp.lt. OLiVE HOFF-SCHROEDEK, 299 Hyde sU
PIANO TAUGHT IN SIX MONTHS: NEW.
quick method; $2 bO per month. 323 Hyde st,
PROF. LOl IS MERKI; VIOLIN. MANDOLIN,
guitar, cornet; reasonable. 225 Geary, ur.PowelL
FRENCH.SPANISH.Etc.: Prof. Dk PII.IPPK'S
X Academy of Languages, 320 Post; e.iao'u 187 L
OOKKPNG, WRUNG. ARITHMTC. (iHAMP.
day Anight; no causes; 95 month. 845 Mission.
SINGING; PIANO: PARIS GRADUATE;
French. German languages: $2 mo. 109 Taylor.
EO COOPER'S SCHOOL OF ACTING. DaNC-
lug, voice, pantomime, stage. 814 Geary at.
GUITAR, MANDOLIN. PiANO AND VOCAL
lessons. 96 mo. Mary Westhaus. 39 Fifth.
ÜBSCRIPTIONS AND WANT ADS FOR THE
■O Call taken at branch office, 339 Hayes St.;
open until 9:30 o'cl* c* '
TRUSTEES' SALES.
TRUSTEES' SALE— IN ACCORDANCE WITH
the terms and under the autho It v of a certain
oeeil of trust, duly executed by- EDO AR L. DOW,
party of the first part, to HENRY C. CAMP-
i.ELL and THADDEUs R KENT, trustees, par-
ties of the second part and the SA \ FRANC. SCO
SAVINGS U » lON, party of the third part, dated
June 21st. 1892,' and recorded 1 1 th. office of the
County order of the county of Alameda. state
ot California, In liber 445 * f deeds, at pages 429
and following, and in pursuance of a resolution
passed on the IMb day of October. 1896. by the
Board of Directors of said SAN FRANCISCO
SAVINGS UNION, a corporation, and the holder
of the note (No. 11.7-5), to secure payment of
which the aforesaid deed of trust was executed,
declaring thai default had been made In the i ay-
ment of the principal sum and other sums due
under said note and deed of .trust, an 1 requesting
ana dlreciin said HENRY C. CAMPBEi.L and
THaDDEUs B. KENT, trustees, to sell the real
estate described thereto to satisfy said indebted-
ness.
\» c, HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
B. KENT, trustees, do hereby give notice that on
FRIDAY, the 26th day of February. A. D. 1897,
at 12 o'clock noon of that day, and at the anc.ion
salesroom of Wm. J. Dlugee, Nos 460 and '462 !
Eighth street, In the city of Oakland,' county of ,
Alameda, State of California, we will sell at public
auct on, to the highest bidder, for cash In -old coin '
of tne United states, the piece or parcel of land i
situate In the township of Brook yn, county of ;
Alameda, State of Caliiornia, described as fol-
lows, to wit:
Commencing at a point on the westerly line of
Orange avenue, distant ihen-on two hundred and
fifty (250)' feet sou-heriy from the southerly line
of East Tweuty-seventh street, and running
thence southerly along said lli.e of Oran .c avenue
one hundred (100) feet: thence at right angles
westerly one hundred and fifty (150) feet to the
easterly line of Suunyside avenue: thence at
right amies northerly along the lsst-nnuii-d line
one hundred (100) feet, and thence at righi angles
easterly one hundred and fifty (160) feet to the
point of commencement:
Being lots numbers twenty-five (25) and twenty-
six (26) in block numb, rone (1), as .laid down and
delineated on the map entitled "Map No. 9 of the
Blasdei Tract, ' East (.akland Heights resubdi-
v.dt-d June, 18.0, W. F. Bonraiuan. C. E.,' .filed
June 9. IW9O, in tbe office of the County Recorder
of said county of .Alameda. . - . . - ...
'1 ogetuer with the appurtensnees.
Terms or sale— Cash In go.d cam of the United
Stales; ten per ceut payab.e to (he undersl.ned on
the fall of the. hammer; balance ou del, very of !
deed; and if not so paid, unless for want of tlile
(ten days being allowed for search), then said ten
percent to be furteited . nd .be sale to be void.
Acts of sale at purchaser's expeus -.
HENRY C. CAMPBELL, >-,_,.._..
IHADD.-US B. K. NT. / Truste * s *
ry RUSTEES' SALE -IN ACCORDANCE
1 with the terms and under tit. authority of a
certain deed of trust, duly executed by CARRIE
L. COOK (femme sole), party of .he firs: part,' 10
HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS R
KENT, trustees, parties of the second naru and
the SAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION,
parly of the third par;, da ed July 13th.
1832, and recorded in the office of Ire
County Recorder of the county of AlameJa,
State of California, ln liber 445 of deeds, at pages
461 and fol owing: and in pursuance ot a resolu-
tion passed 0.1 the 28th day of January, - 1897, by
Hie hoard ot Directors of said saN FRANCISCO
SAVI -GS UNION, a < orporation, and the holder
of the note (No 11.771), to secure payment of
which the -.foresaid deed of trust was executed,
declaring that- >.efault ha 1 been made In- the pay-
ment of the principal sum a d other sums due
under said note and deed of trust, and requesting
aud directing said HENRY 1. CAMPBELL and
THADDEUs b. KENT, trustees, to s 11 the real
esta.e pescrlbed therein to sat sty said indebted-
ness, i •.imiunnsaaeMSwftn'liliap^
We, HENRY .0. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
R KENT, trustees, do hereby give notice that on
FRIDAY, the 26th day of Febr ary, A. D. 1897, at
12 o'clock noon of that oar, and at the auction
salesroom of Wm. J Dingcc. Nos- 460 and 462
Eighth street. In the city of Oakland, county of
Alami-da, State of California, we will sell a: pub-
lic auction, to tbe high s bidder, for cash in go.d
coin of the Un led Slates, the pieces or parte sof
land, situate In the town of Berke.ey, county < f
Alameda, State of Calif 01 ula, described as follows,
to wh:
Lots numbers eight (8) and eleven (11) as laid
down and delineate*! on the map entitle 1 "Map of
Peraita Park, Berkeley, Alameda Coun y, Cal.,"
filed March 24th, 1888. In the office of the County
Recorder of said county of Alameda, and now of
record In liber 11 of maps at page 40, ai.d to
which map and tbe record (hereof special refer-
ence I* be eh.- ade for further or more particular
description, to -ether with the appurtenances.
Terms of sa c— Cash In gold cola of the United
Hates; ten per cent payable to the undersigned on
the fall of the hammer; balance on delivery of
deed: and If no. so paid, utiles* for want of title
(ten days icing ai. owed for search); then said ten
per cent to oe forfeited and tho sate to be void.
Acts of sale at purchaser's expense.
HENRY C. CAMPBKLL.\_ „ .„.
IJB THADDEUS R KENT, J Trustees.
TRUSTEES' SALE— IN ACCORDANCE WITH
the terms and under the authority of a certain
deed of trust, duly executed by James a
WAYMIRE. patty of the nmt part, to HENRY C.
CAMPBELL and THADDEUS B KENT, trust-
ees, parlies of the second part,- and THE SAN'
FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION, party of the
third part, dated March 29th, 1892, and recorded in
' the oflice o. the County Recorder or the coun y of
Kern, state of California, In liber 41 of deeds,
at pages 124 aud following, and In pursuance 'of a
resolution pissed on the 21st day of Jannary,
1897, by the board of directors of said SAN
FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION, a corporation,
and the holder of the note (No. 11,552), to secure
payment of which the aforesaid deed of 'trust was
executed, declaring that default had been made in
the payment of tbe principal sum and other sums
dun under said note and deed of trust, and re-
questing and dlrec Ing said UKNRY *C CAMP-
BELL and THADDELS B. KENT, trustees, to
sell the real estate described. therein, to satisfy
said Indebtedness. , *.■-■••*
We, HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
B. KENT, trustees, do hereby give notice that on
Tt E DA the .3d day of Feboary. A. D. 1 897. at
12 o'clock noon of that day, and at the auction sales-
room «.f Easton, Eldrl Ige A Co , No. 6.18 Market
street, in the CUT a d County ol San Francisco,
state of California, we will sell at public auction,
10 the highest bidder, for cash in gold coin of the
United States, all the pieces or parcels of land sit-
uate in the county of Kern, State of California, de-
scribed a « follows, to wit:
- According to the official plats and system of
Surveys of the. Government of the United states:
In township . twenty -six (26) : south, range
twe.ty-six (26) eatt, Mount . Diablo base and
me idlan; • . . -.
Of section thirteen (13), the whale and ;..
Of sec tion twenty-three (23), the whole;
In township " twenty-s x (26) south, range
twenty -seven - (27) east, Mouut Diab.o base and
meridian:
of se. tioi nineteen (19), the whole; and ■' "
'■ of section thirty-one (31), the whole, together
with the appurtenan es.
TERMS OF SALE— Cash in gold coin of the
United states; ten per cent payable to the under-
signed on the fall of the hammer; balance on de-
livery of deed; and if not so paid, unless for want
of title (ten days being allowed for search), then
said ten per rem to be forfeited, and the sale to be
void. Acts of sale at purchaser's expense, ' ■ ■
.1,- HENRY C CAMPBELL, !-,__-,__
THADDEUS B. KENT. /Trustees.
— — — — -»— ■ — — — -—p.—^^—
'. BICYCLES. %
■CMR" "BEN-HUB," BRA NEW: REGU-
tjp'XO. i«r price 9H6: guaranteed < high grade.
GOLDEN EUI.P* BaZAA H. 718 Market su
PHOTOGRAPHERS SUPPLIES. '
BEST GEL -TINE PAPER IN MARKET IS
-Defender"; price low; try It. sole Coast
Agency, California Camera Company, 22 Geary bl
. . CITY . REAL ESTATE.
"L'ASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO,
Xli EASTON. ELDRIDGE A CO. *•
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO. -
638 MARKET ST.
-:•:•• 638 MA i- KET ST.
638 MARKET ST.
IMPROVED PROPERTY. ■
**fi"!PWI IREDKRICK, NEAR ASHBURY;
tSTVIOV. 2 handsome flats of 5 and 6 rooms
and bath; lot 26x116:6. .»-MH_____BK-__E_____
<5»R*-\fifi flmtg, NEAR OCTAVIA: FINE
ifrOOVV. hous'of 11 rooms and bath; sunny
side; lot 3Jx 137:6.
QjppfiT^fi BELVEDERE, NEAR FREDER-
«Jpv) ' OV. ick; new modern flats of 6 and 8
roim. and bath; lot 25x121:10.
<_pp£S\fifi A'BBI'RY, NR. FELL; MODERN
«"pU«JL"U. bouse of 7 rooms and bath; base-
me.it: lot 26x103. _ •
<s*_l9nn NEAR GEARY* AND TAYLOR; 4
t^rrSVV. tenements rents $40. .
© 99^fi DOUGLASS. NB. 24TH: COTTAGE
aySSOV. of 5 rooms and bath: lot 25x126.
ffiOOCft SHIPLEY, 6TH- STORE AND
t?Ommt)v . 2 rooms and 2 flats of 6 rooms each;
lot 25x75.
QUAE.nn CASTRO, NR' 24TH: HANDSOME
aptOvV. house of 8 rooms; bath and base-
menu " j
<CQfififi 'CLARA, NR 6TH; 4 TENE-
<JSOUUU. menu; lot 25x80.
Q/l_lfifi NEAR-VALENCIA AND 16TH;
<Jp -J-JtvU. good house of 9 rooms and bath;
large lou 36x120; mortgage of $3300.
<_e",fififi RIDLEY*, NX. MARKET— 2 MOD*
iJtiUUU. em flats of 6 and 6 rooms and b..t.>.
C_l__Z_(\n "TH. NR MARKET: PAIR OF
•J H tJI'U. good fiats of 5 and 6 rooms and b»*.h;
lot 25x115. , '..-;.-
Oil inn COTTAGE OF 4 ROOMS AND
{p 1 SVV. bath; halt a block from electric cars:
Mission and. 80th. su Homestead; terms io suit
purchasers.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
$n-HM)O OAK , ST- > * NEAR DEVISADERO;
S-,4000 CORNER CHURCH AND ARMY:
<KQ9fifi SANCHEZ, NR. 23D; 65x117:6 to
-JpO_-UU. rear street.
S ( P>.nn 2 * TH ST., NEAR FOLSOM;
SOVV. 37:6x100.
©94 QC) * LOTS NR SANCHEZ AND23D;
©9'JftA FOLSOM ST., NEAR I4TH;
tJ)--jU'J. 25x122:6.
©9<>?:a ASHBURY ST., NEAR ' FEU.:
a&SSOV. 26x106. _.
QL^nit. OAK ' NEAR DEVISADERO; 60
CI.I COS GOLDEN GATE AYE., NEAR
tJfXOSO. Baker: 25x137:6. *
C»"| 750 19TH, NEAR CHURCH; 60x114.
©■J "^QO 18TH, NEAR DOUGLASS; 60x121.
©1 nnn each— san jose AYE. NEAR
fl» Qfif) DUNCAN, NEAR DOUGLASS; 60:11
EASTON. ELDRIDGE A CO.,
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO,
638 MARKET RT.
638 MARKET ST.
638 MARKET ST.
G. ruin WILL BUY PRCPERTY WHICH
ajOVV nets $15 per month. EASTON, ELD-
RIDGE A CO., 638 Market st.
SACRIFICED FOR CASH— SW. COR. FOLSOM
and 21st sis . 65x90. will subdivide; also SW.
20 h and Treat aye., 25x110.
Page su. N. side, 37 :6 feet from cor. Shrader,
bet. Shrader and St an van; 50x100. Inquire of
owner, Herb Institute, 1205 Market St.
'-ROOM COTTAGE: BRICK FOUNDATION.
O patent Sidewalk, stationary tubs. 7-foot base*
ment boarded; glass 100 m adjoining kitchen for
flowers: workshop in rear; beautiful garden: halt
block from cars. 25 minutes from ferry ; <$25u0;
sum I amount cash, remainder in installments at
$17 a month, o. iv. box 147.
rpHREE NEW MODERN* FLATS.
■ '' _ BIG BARGAIN.
PRICE $5750.
RENTS $636 PER YEAR
Flats contain 5. and six rooms and bath each,
with every known modern convenience contained
in a new building; street bitumiuized; cement
sidewalk: high separate basement for each fiat:
lot 25x105: only one block north of Mantel s:.;
flats" Open for inspection to-day; 176 No. sU, bet.
14th and 15ti>. *' '..•-••--.-.
KING A McNALLY, Real Estate Agents.
*; . . _„ * 630 Market sU
<B__lfififi roR SALE OR EXCHANGE. "
tjp~±VVV . JJew cottage 0n. 23d aye. Eas: Oak-
land; 6 rooms and bath: high basement: brick
loundau«n;-eay windows; lot 62x160.
:7/ £ - l». H. UMBSEN A CO..
14 Montgomery su
QQCXII SOMETHING EXTRA FINE: A
-Jjjt lU''. new 11-room house in the bonton of
the We. tern Addition; rooms finely frescoed: gas
;.nd elec ric fixtures throughout ;" terms tosuit;
will la-e in i art payment a good building lou
DRY MOUSE* TO LIVE IN". OR CHEAP LOTS
to build on. PATTERSON A CO., 2 Valencia.
MONEY TO LOAN.
A LOANS ON FURNITURE OR PIANOS.
. in S. P., Oakland or Alameda, at lowest rates:
without removal: no (ommissions; no delays.
J. NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission su, above Sixth,
telephone Jessie 41.
SliQfifi Ann AT 6 V- per cent on CITY
tgiOVV.VVV real estate; also Oakland testates,
life insurance, second mortgages, any sum. Man-
hattan Loan Co., 10 Mil s building, ground floor.
HIGHLY RESPECTABLE AND PRIVATE
place to obtain the most liberal advances on
diamonds and Jewelry at the very lowest rates.
Baldwin Jewelry Store, 948 Markeu
NY AMOUNT: IST. 2D"OR 8D MORTGAGES.
estates, undivided interests, real estate In pro-
bats: furniture and pianos without removal.
UcCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery st.. room 3.
, A— PRIVATE AND RESPECTABLE, WITH
JA very light interest, is the secret of our success.
Cut-rate Loan Office, Flood building, *09 Markeu
a2__in nnn TO loan on city real
-3 > t:v".U'UVl estate at 6 per cent. M. B.LEVY,
11 Montgomery su
__lQ9e* nnn AT bank RATES.- Ist AND
tJpOSO.VVV 2d mortca.es. estates, rents, etc.
lend as low as $50. H. MURPHY. 628 Market su
WHY PAY HIGH INT. ON SMALL LOANS?
We loan at 65c interest per mo. on each $100
on 2d mortgage: any security. Gold, box 4, CalL
ON PIANOS. WITHOUT REMOVAL: VERY
low interest: no-coui mission. 1 16 McAllister st.
ON FURNITURE; VERY LOW INTEREST;
no commission. SCRIBNER, 7 City Hail aye.
CJ.C OO,OOO ON CITY AND COUNTRY PROP-
V "Jerty : low rates, A. SCHILLER, 420 Cala. su
LOAN-*. ON REAL ESTATE; LOWEST RATE
of Interest. JAS.RBIOOKS. 214 Pine, r 58-69.
MONEY TO LOAN ON REAL ESTATE; ANY
amount. WILLIAMS, 214 Pine su, room 3.
___A TO $50,000; Low KM' LATE: . IST A 2D
-3?*J V mortgage: nat or InsUmnu Dryden, 635 Cal.
ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS. J
Columbia Loan A Collateral Office. 9 < rant aye.
DENTISTS.
CROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 MAR-
keu bet. 3d aud 4th; gas specialists; painless
extract ng. with .as, 91: plates, $6 up; fill, $1 up.
FULL SET OF TEETH, $7: WARRANTED 5
years; painless extraction: see ournew combina-
tion plate; thinnest, lightest, coolest plate made;
warranted 10 yiars: fillings. 50c; crowns, $3 0.
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS, 24 Sixth stree..
d£7 PULL SET TEETH: BEsT MAKE;
O I • kept l-i repair; extracting free-, fillings, 50c;
crowns, $3 60. Pacific Dental Parlors, 18 Third.
DR. J. J." LEEK. 1126 MARKET ST.: OPEN
evenings: Sundays till noon.'
POSITIVELY PAIN LES-* EXTRACTION*. DR
HARDING, 6OOButter cor. Powell, tel.
HALPANT & (HALFANT, MOVED PROM
8 Mason to 119 Powell:, bridgework aspeclalty.
GOLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 806 -AC-
ket Sfc DR CHARLK-* W. DECKER.
CJ.7 A SET FOR TEETH— i. RANTED A 4
C I good as can be made; filling $1 DR SIMMs,
dentlsu 930 Market St., next Baldwin Theater.
1} A IN" LESS - EXTRACTION, BOO: CROWN
. bridge work a specialty: plates $5 op: lSveari
experience. EL WALSH. D.L-. *s.. 815**4 Geary
DR LUDLUM HILL. 1443 MARKET ST, NR'
Eleventh', .no charge tor extracting whea
i plates are made: old plates ' made ever like new;
teeth trom $8 per set: extracting 60c: gas given.
SET OF TEEI H lTiit-Ui' An.*!! - , mill,
H. G. Young. 1841 Polk st. •• •*-.
DR GEORGE W. , LEEK. > I .'HE GENUINE
Leek den-ist, discoverer of painless extractloa
and patentee of Improved bridge , work or teem
without any plate, moved from 6to 20 O FarrelUt.
ALL WORK REASONABLE- AND WAR*
JA. ranted DP, J. U. KEY. 112- Market au
__________________________________ mmtmmma mmm — p— -— --^gS,
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL; 1206 MARKET, RES
XJ 2864 -st_ su ; diseases Of women aspecialiy.
_ COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
Q9pnn PER ACRE; CHOICE 5- ACRE
«jP_.wj tracts In ihs Polhemu« Tract at Menlo
Park: sprt-adlng oaks: beautiful drives; water
piped to each lot: cheapest property at Menlo;
one-quarter cash.
T7*OR RENT— IO'IO TO 3000 ACRES CHOICE
_. paiture land in Alameda County; abund-
ance of wood and water. \
SU.-.INWALD, BUCKBEE A CO.,
218-2.0 Montgomery st., Mills but ding.
BARGAIN: 825 TO .35 PER ACRE; CHOICE
land: 2 hours' ride from the city. H.J. DIG-
GI.ES. 69 Columoian buildini*, < F.
Filß SAI-E— 12.0 A RESGRAIN AND FRUIT
land; fencea and improved. Inquire •*>.. A.
BR l TON, Williams. Cal.
GARDEN LAND FOR GR IN LAND
prices: very <ho cc for fruit, vegetables or al-
falfa; no irrigation needed: cheap transp rta: lon
to market; we.l improved. LAKE, room 70, 918
Market st., S. P.
END FOR ILLUSTRATED PAMPHLET up
California iiinili for sal.* ov H. FRANCIS,
rooms 09-7 1, Chronicle bu Idlng, >an Francisco.Cal.
RANCH BARGAIN: $5 PER ACRE; 1280
acres timber: plenty water: excellent stock
ranch: best part of Keru Co 8.. box 20, Call Office.
LITTLE HOMES. CLOSE TO TOWN; IM-
proved: easy terms: also 4 to l'_ acre pieces
*on 8 and 1 * years' credit. D. H. TWING. So-
noma City; every Monday at 632 Market St.. S. F.
.A 'WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — TH*
«- WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for muilin*.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
_____
OFFICE— pOd BROADWAY. .
.OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
WANTED— PLACE IN ELMHURST IN EX-
. change for very lame lot and modern 5 room
cuitaicein Lorin: price 92250: no mortgage. Ap-
ply immediately to A. J. SNYDER & (JO. , 467
Ninth su. i.aklaud.
(JV-7CTO **150 FOR CHOICE BUILDING
-JP I -J lots In the town of Flichburg; a new sta-
tion established near Oakland, on the Haywards
and San Leaudro local line, by the southern Pacific
Company; only 45 minutes from San Francisco
and 6 minute, from Oakland; electric-cars every
ea- minutes; term, to suit buyers. Apply to
C M. P.UNKLa., owner, .15i_ Waanlugiua su,
Oakland Cal.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENT
I-T.A3IKI)*. REAL rSTAT*F*.
I OWN NICE RKSIDKNCE 1 OT. 60 FEET
front. In Milwaukee, Wis., worth $30 per front
-.oot; woulir like io exchange for same value in
Aiameda. D. B. HANSON, 9 Fremont su, S. P.
$9_t A FRONT FOOT; 100x150; STREET
Sri work all dons: on a main avenue: _ blocks
lrom Willow-street station. W. B. IX! H, Bay
Station. Alameda, or GaMAN LYON, 215 Kearny
su, San Francisco.
, ARGAINS-830 Pi- R FOOT;LO TS ON NORTH
1 ■ Hide San Antonio aye., near Grand su
81250—50x150; fan Joss aye., nr. Willow st,
91750—50x160. new modern house. 5 rooms
and batb: nortu side of street: mus: be sold at
once. :■'--.-■'
Many other sacrifices.
MpM ALAMEDA LAND CO..
1500 Park St.. Alnmeda.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND HOUSES.
C-ROOM MOliliß^rHoi^pTwiaA'LO^
O *35. See H. A. SMITH. 27 Market st , or at
residence, 2067 San Jose aye., Alameda. '
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
UST BE SOLD; NO REASONABLE OFFER
refused; house of 6 rooms: bath: stable; chic *-
en-house; street work done; near the cars. JOS.
J. MAS in. Berke'ey stutlon
—————''^ — —^^mm^ -_— —
BERKELEY HOUSES. -
L' URNISHED 8-ROOM HOUSE COMPLETE,
T bath, gas, laundry; near 3 car lines. MRS. S.
J. I.NGALLS, 2122 Bancroft way. Berkeley.
. PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
FOUR-ROOM COTTAGE ON HATTIE ST..
near Eighteenth-street cars; price, $2000;
bank mortgage of $1100, 6 V. percent, can remain;
will exchange for some small place in Oakianu or
Los Angeles, Cai. Address W. H. STANLEY,
4460 Seventeenth St.
QEND FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
iJ for sale. WOOSTER «*. WHITTON. <--*.n .Ins-..
p». - ." PROPERTY WANTED.
TV" ANTED— RESIDENCE IN WESTERN AD*
» » dltion or income property from $4000 to $15,-
-000. Address L. box 52, Call Office.
.... LEGAL, NOTICES.
V* OTH^fcTI^IIER^^Y^HVE rTTHA T THTfitE
Us are funds In the treasury to redeem bonds
Issued on Levee Dlstr.ct ..o, 1 of Sutter i ounty,
Ca.. accoiduig to an act of the Legislature ap-
proved April 9 1880. as follows, to wit: Bond No.
93, $500; bond No. 92, $500: bond No. 91, $-00;
bo d No. 90, $.00; bind.No. 89. $500; bond No.
88, $500; bo. id No. 87. $500; bond No. 86, $500:
bind No. 85, 9500: bond No 84. $500; bo.id No.
83, $500: .ond No. 82, $500; bond No. 74. $500;
bond No. 73. $500; bond No. 72, $500; bond Na
71, 9500, and bond .no. 70 $500; and that at the
expiration of thirty days trom the date of this
notice if said bonds are not presented for redemp-
tion the Interest thereon will cease, from and after
which lime uo Interest shall be allowed on said
bonds. * . J. COPE,
- ; Treasurer of su.ter County, CaL
Dated Yuba City, February 18 1897.
. PROFESSIONAL CARDS.
JOHN E. RICHARDS, LAW OFFICES. ROOMS
26 and -7, Crocker cu-aiu*" telepuoue Maw
76, Kan Francisca Cal.
JOHN R. AITKEN AND MAURICE L. ASHER
ailys at law. revs 515.618. sth noor, Parrott old*
BIKTffI.— MARRIAGES— MATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by mall
will not bt* Inserted. They must be banded in a;
either of lie publication offices and be lndonsj
with the name and residence or parsons authorised
to have me same published. i
BORN.
ANDERBON-In Belvedere, February 21. 1897,
to the wife ot Charles M. Anderson, a son.
BOWEN— February 11, 1897. to the wife ot Shel-
ley -I. Bowen, a daughter.
CLARK— Pebruary 21. 1897, to the wife of Henry
J. C.ark. a daughter. ..
O'BRlEN— February 6. 1897, to the wife of J.
O'Brien, a daughter..
PITTMAN— In this city, Febrnary 21, 1897, to the
. wife of J. N. Pltiman. a son.
___________
MARRIED.
SCHROEDER— KELCHNEH— In this city, Feb-
ruary 17. 1897, By the Rev. H. Gehrcke, J. N.
■-chroeder and Mary A. Kelchner, both of San
Francisco.
ERBE-February 20, 1897. by the
Rev. Paul Branke, Adam Trescher and Lizzie
Erba-a-HH*_B*n_B_rtn_k_B-B___tS__B__B_**_n """-
-*
— .
DIED.
Archer, Albert ' Nelson. Olot
Baxley. John W. O'Conneil. Harry
Chtnholm, Clara A. •• - Orndorff,- Nettie ■
. . Collins, Annie . < Ostrom, Chart as -I.
Donovan, William J. Passet, Willie
Ebernart, Matthew Pullllps, P. Albert
Fox, Michael CL Richardson, Mabel U.
Gill, Francis A . Rooney. D. J.
Golden, H-nora K. Ryan, Mary
li off man n, George Shannon, Thomas B.
- Kammerer, Minnie ■'< Shea, Margaret '
Kenuey, Mary E. - Sourdry. Edouard V.
McFadden Daniel Wenzel, Adolph
McKewen, He.ena Wood. Mrs. Emily
Murphy. Mary Young. Annie McKee
ARCHER— In this cliy, February 22, 1897,
Alb rt, sou of Charles H. and Mai cells Archer,
and grandson oi William and Mary *nne
Archer and Ellen Ryan, a native of San Fran-
cisco aged ■» years 3 months and 15 days.
. . XWNotice of. itinera! hereafter
BAXLr.Y— In Oakland, February 22. 1897. John
W., beloved husband of Fannie E. Baxley, a na-
tive or We.it Virginia, a.ed 67 years 10 months
and 9 days M BBll a T*W^_l_l|||lD__l__R M -H|tHl
CHISHOLM— In Alameda. PeDruary 22, 1897,
Clara All c. beloved wife of W. H. Chisholm, a
naive of Morri b itjg, Canada, aged 54 years
' _B-Frlends and aconaintancss are res ,ect-
fully Invited toattend th** uneral TOMORROW
; (Wednesday), at 11 o'clock a. m., from her
late residence. 1313 Weber street, Alameda.
Interment private. .
COLLINS-In this city. 'February 22, 1837, at
1013 Post street Annie, beloved wife of th* late
- J. J. Co lias, mother of Mr-, T. L. Bender and
William and Joseph Collin-, and In-law
of Mr- M. a. E. Rob rts. a native of st. John,
New Bruitswicic, age <60 years. -
. 9ST Friends and acquaintances are respect*
Invited lOatiend the fun -ra: TOMORROW
(Wednesday), at 9:45 o'clock a. k., from the
residence of her 1 1st* a- law. Mrs. M. a. E.
Roberts. 1013 Post street, thence o St. Mary's
CathedraL where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated tor the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock a.m. Interment
int.rme.i Mount Calvary Cemetery.
DONOVAN— In this city, "•'ebruari- 22, 1817. Wil-
liam J., beloved son of John ,md Ka c Donovan,
and grandson of i*atric« J. and th. late Mary
■' Shiiughueisy. a native of San Francisco, aged 10
1 mnii in and 18 days. - ..-..
BTg"Frifnds an. acquaintances are respect-
fully Inv toJ to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. St., from the- reel-
at-nc.of the .parents. 6 Zoo place, off Polio.
street, between Heal* and Fremont. Intermeut
- Mount C-lv r/ Cemetery. ;
EBERHART— In tnis city. February 20, 1897.
- * Matthew, oeloved husband of B-.-muardine Eber-
hart, father of Phillio M. Eberhart, and brother
of Joe Eb rh art, a native of Wurtemberg. Ger-
many, a-_e.i 41 years 4 months and 3 days. A
member of San Francisco. Scnwaben Verein.
Mission Lo.ii-*> No 10. O. d. H. a. Mission Turn
Verein an I Vermin Deutscher Wlrthe.
Friends and acquaintances are respsct-
fttllv invited to attena the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock p. m., from his late resi-
des c. 147 a Capp street, between sixteenth and
Seventeenth, tne.ic* to San Eraucisco Turn
Hall, 823 Turk street, where funeral services
will be hei i, commencing at 2 o'clock p. St.
t-.terineu. Laurel Hill Cemetery.
FOX— In Oakland. February 2-. 1837. Michael C,
beloved husband ot Ellen Fox. and father of
Joseph P.. John E., James S.. >a lie and Nellie
Fox and Mrs. Joseph Kenny, a nativ. of Ireland,
a.ed 85 years
GILL— In th» Cltv and Conn v Hospital, Febru-
ary 22. 1897. Francis A. Gill, aged 54 years.
GOLDEN— In this cltv. February 21. 1897. Han0ra
X, relict of the late Maurice M. Golden, and
aunt of Katie and Jul* O.ifford, a native of
Catiirciveen, county Kerry, iroiaud, a_ed 35
years
XT-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
ful: . invited to attend ti.e funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday!, at 9 o'clock a. St., from her late
r-*>l_euce, 1701 Mason street, thence to St.
FrajicU Cnurcu, Valiejo street, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated or the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock a. ic. Inter-
men. Holy Cross Cemetery.
HOFFMANN— In this city. February 22. 1597,
George, beloved husband of Augusta Hoffmann,
father of Til. le, Erneit, George, Henry aad Died-
rich Hoffmann, brother of I. rnest an 1 Dledr.ch
Hoffmann, and Quota of Frank and Wllilam
Hoffmann and Mrs. P. Mehrkens, a mitlve-of
Hanover, Germany, asje*! 52 years 1 mouth and
'_'.: days, a iuemb-r>f Verein Kintracht. Co.irt '
Kensington No. 7901. A. O. F., and society
-*c"i:ler Bund.
flSlTKrlends and - itoon-ttntances are respect-
fully Invited :o attend the funeral .MORROW
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock r m., from Duven-
eck's Hal., corner Twenty-f .uitn and Church
streets, interment I. O. O. r. Cemetery.
KAMMKREK— In tills c tr. February 22, 1897,
. Mini.ie, beloved wife of Frederick merer,
ami mother of Mrs. Louli O. Lucchesi and
Frederick and Gnstave Kammt rer, a native o*
Rraunschweig, Germany, aged 03 years 7 months
ami 31 days.
ft*" Friends and acquaintances are resnect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock p. si., from her late
residence, 43l "■,_ Clementina street, ween Fifth
a.id Sixth. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
KENNEY— In this city. February 22, 1897. Mary
Ellen, beloved daughter of John J. and Mary A.
Keuner, a native of San F.aucis.pj, aged 8 years
and 3 months.
McFADDEN— la this city, February 1897,
Daniel McFadden, a native of Ireland, aged 42
years.
Jo~Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend Us* funeral THIS DA If
(tuesday), from the Chapel of St. Joseph's
nome for lucurajles. Par.< Hill, where a
solemn requiem ma**s will ba celebrated for Hi j
repose of his soul, commencing at 10 o'cloc-
a. St. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McKEWEN— In Alameda. February 21, 1897,
Helena, beloved wife of the late Thomas Mc-
Kewen. and motberof Thomas, Robert and Ed-
ward McKewen and Mrs. A. G. Powell, a native
of Irelmri. aged 57 years.
ifc?" Friends of deceased are respectfully Invited
toai. end tue funeral THIS DAY (Tuesday), at
11 o'clock a. m., from 15j« Schiller street, Aia-
meda. Interment I. o. O. F. Cemetery, San
Francisco.
MURPHY— In this city, February 21, 1897, Mary
Murphy, dearly be oved mother of Jeremiah
Murphy, Mrs. John H. Darling and the late John
T. Murphy, a native of County Galway, Ireland,
aged 60 years.
*SrPrieads and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tile funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock a. St.. from the par-
lors of the United Undertakers. 27 and 29 Fifth
stree, thence to St. Patrick's Church, for serv-
ices. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
NELSON— Drowned ac sea, February 19, 1897,
Olot Nelson, a native ot Norway. a<ed 35 years.
O'CONNELL— In this city, February 20. 1897,
rry, beloved son of the late Jeremiah an i
Annie O Connell, and brother of Tnomai, Wil-
. Ham. Lizzie and Mary U'Connoil and Mrs. Mar-
garet Do*d, a uatlv. 01 County Cor_. Ireland,
aged 27 years.
_K__rFrtemis and acquaintances arc resoect-
fuil. Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock p. St.. from his late
residence, 312 Fifth street, thence to S- Pat-
rick's Church, where services will be held for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 2 o'clock
p. it. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
ORNDORFF— In this city, February 21, 1897.
Nettle, wife of James W. Orndorff. and mother
of Harry F and Fred C Orndorff, a native of
Bethel, Maine, aged 65 years 6 months and 3
days. ...
U-F-The funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. St.. from her late rest-
dence, 113 Powell street. Interment private.
Please omit flowers. -?-. 7*.;;7
OSTROM— In Berkeley, February 20, 1897 Charles
M., son of Hon. D. A. Ostrom. and husband of
Ivy Hager Ostrom, aged 35 years 4 moutns and
9 days.
«-TFuneral THIS DAY (Tuesday), at 11
o'clock a. ii . at Wheatland. Yuba County.
PASSET— In this city, February 21, 1897. Willie,
only and beloved son of Mrs. Sophie and the
late William Passet and brother of Lizzie. Lena.
Josie and Alice Passet, a native of Oakland,
aged 12 years 1 month and 1 da.-. -
Friends and acquaintances are - respect-'
ful Invited to attend the funeral. THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. M., from the res'-
deuce of his mother, 101. *,-_ Minna street, be-
tween Eleventh and Twelftu. -u_er__j_: LO.
O. P. Cemetery.
PHILLIPS— In -"an Leandro, February 21, 1897,
. P. Albm. beloved husband of Minnie S. Phillips,
and father of -om.c J. Phillips, a native of New
York. .i;e l 47 years. ...
jJ-TFuneral THIS DAY (Tuesday), at I
o'clock p. St. from residence. Interment private.
RICHARDSON— In this city. Febrna-y 2*. 1897.
Mabel Undine, beloved daughter of James and
Frances Rlcbardso i, a native of nun Francisco,
aged 1 year and 17 days.
ROONEY— In this city, February 20, 1897, D.J.
Rooney, a native ot New York, aged 61 years.
RYAN— In this city. February 21. 1897, Mary,
beloved wife of .D. J. Ryan, a native of County
Cl re. ir->int aged 36 years.
49* Friends of the family are respectfully In-
vite i to a. .end the funeral THIS. DAY
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock a. m., from her late
residence. 2935 Washington street, thence to St.
Dominic's Church, Rush and Steiner streets,
where a requiem nigh mass will be celebratal
for the repose of her soul, commencing at 9:8.
o'clock- a.m. Interment Holy Cross Cc meter.*.
SHANNON— In this city. February 21. 1897.
Thomas B. Shannon, a native of Pennsylvania,
aged 69 years and 5 months.
4E__rFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully .nvited to attend the funeral TOMORROW
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. St.. from the par-
lors of Piou er Hall, Fourth street. Interment
Ma-,ouic Cemetery.
SHEA— In ni» Ciir and County Hospital. Feb-
ruary 22, 1897, Margaret Shea, aged 70 years.
SOURDRY — In Oakland. February 20. 1897.
Edouard Victor, beloved son of Mrs. C. and the
late John G. Sourdrv. aud brother of Mme.de
Begen of Paris, a native of Columbia, CaL, aged
' 41 yearn 6 months and 29 days.
£3"" Friends are respectfully invited to attend
the funeral TO-MORROW (Wednesday), at 10
o'cloc- a. m. from his late residence. S8 santa
Clara avenue, thence to St. Francis de Sales
Church, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of bis soul,
commencing at 10:30 o'clock a.m. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery, San Francisca
WENZEL-In Haywards, February 2_, 1897.
Adolp Wenzel, a* native of Germany, aged 88
years 9 mouths and 27 days..
9 _»* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited io attend the funeral THURSDAY.
February 25, at '. clock p. m., from his laic
residence in Haywards. Interment at San
Lorenzo. -
WOOD— In this city. February 21, 1897.Mr5. Emily
Wood, mother of Joseph M Wood, captain P. G.
Wood. Mrs. John F. Swift and Mrs. George A.
Norrls, a native of New York, aged 86 years.
[New York and Cincinnati papers please copy. J
_C_r*FriendB are reDectfully Invited to attend
the funeral services THIS DAY (Tuesday), ac
12:30 o'clock p. m.. from her late residence. 824
Valencia. street, Interment: Mountain • View
' Cemetery, Oakland.
YOUNG— In this city. February 20. 1897, at 645
Wisconsin street. Annie McKee Young, belovel
sister of Mrs. Mackin. osh, Mrs. McMillan and
William B- John, James, Rob?r:, Grace and
Isabella Young, a native oi England, aged 22
- years 6 months and 3 days.
jj___r Friends and acquaintances are . respsot-
fuliy invited to attend the funeral services
THIS DAY (Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock m.,
a: her late residence. 645 Wisconsin street.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by 3:30
train from Third and Town«end streets.
1 . IVicAVOY A GALLAGHER, T
FCNRRAL DIBECTORS * EMBALM EB_,
SO Ftftti St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 3080. '
- "■"■■■----■---■ ■"■ mmm. mamm ~-n--M_______ H _la
Mc.MKNO»n!7
JAMES McMENOMKIi A SON,
UNDERTAKERS AND E3IRAL3IER3,
ixsol Mission Street, Near oeveuta.
'telephone ?outh 354.
— — ■— — — mmam — — m i
J AS. ENGLISH. • • T. R. lA.t_..V
CAREW & ENGLISH.
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMEK* .
- -7 FUNERAL DIRECTORS, '
JP Van Ness aye.. near a_bi».op. b«. Frandsts*
Telephone no. 156. ;7 '
""P.l- : GUNTZ. ' H. W. GANTNER.
: GANTNER & GUNTZ,
Funeral Directors and Embaimers.
Hand IO CITY MALL SOI ARE.
Telephone South 432.
LAUREL HILL
CEMETERY pISSOCUTIOA .
IS PREPARED TO CONTINUE THE SALE
X of burial p.ats and graves in Its cemetery and
jive deeds.
Perpetual care of lots will be arranged for at the
Superintendent's office at the : cemetery, corner
Bush greet and Central venue. San Francisco.
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY
SAN MATEO COUNTY: NEAREST I 'BUI*
& tery to the city; non-sectarian; in no sense ex.
elusive: locution unexcelled. Offio* *¥* .__-._■
street, southeast corner «* ttutu_
1314
BECKER
SMASHES
ANOTHER
The Minneapolis Champion
Cycler Rode Five Miles
in 9:54 3 5-
NOW HOLDS A WORLD
. RECORD.
Coulter Celebrates His Reappear*
ance on the Coast by a
Clever Exhibition.
BACON'S SPEEDY MILE-RECORD
TRIAL.
A Splendid Meet at the Velodrome
Track, Marked by Fast Time
and Lightning Finishes.
The Velodrome cycle track and grounds
are evidently a popular resort with the pub
lic, for, despite the many counter attrac
tions on the cards yesterday, a big crowd
assembled there :n the afternoon to wit
ness the bicycle races. The people were
well repaid, as the sport provided was of
an excellent character, marked by fast
time and exciting finishes, with never a
hitch to mar the day's pleasure.
In "the five-mile match race, paced, be
tween W. E. Becker of Minneapolis, the
National champion for the distance, and
Horace Slater of Arizona, who is said to
have a liking for long distances, Becker
put up the most remarkable performance
seen here in many a day. As a match
race the event did not amount to much,
as Siater suffered tn accident to his wheel
early in the journey, and was compelled
to drop out. But Becker kept riding on
and on. lap after lap, constantly calling
to his pacemaker,3 to quicken the pace.
when they were already going at a killing !
gait, and finished amid deafening sp- I
pla use in the startling time of 0:54 3-5,
which lowers the previous world's record
nearly half a minute. The former record
was 10:20, held by the Welsh champion. 1
Michaet, and was made at Manhattan {
Beach, N. V., last fall. At that time this |
was considered a most remarkable per- I
formance, lar eclipsing as it did all pre- !
vious rides at that distance. Michael has i
since ridden it in 9:12, but that was j
against time and not in competition as
was Becker's ride yesterday.
The racing was done by two triplet
teams and a tandem, the former being
manned by R. Dow-Boyden-Freeman and
McCrea-Sulltvan-C. Dow, and the tandem
team being Chapman- Allen. Becker went
the first mile in 1:58, two in 3:54 3-5, three
in 5:55, four in 7:54 3-5 and five in 9:54 3 5,
the last mile being ridden in exactly two J
minutes.
This gives him the professional competi
tion records for all intermediate distances
up to five miles.
Becker ha? been on the coast a couple
of months now and has been looked upon
as a star performer. When he won the
five-mile National championship at Louis
ville last August at the annual meet of
the League of American Wheelmen all
the cracks of the country competed against
him. He has held the Velodrome shield
while here, and won a five-mile race on
Christmas day at the Velodrome against
the Terrill brothers. Wells, Whitman and
' Bovee, all crack professionals. At the
distance he is probably better than any
man on the coast to-day and possibly the
• best in the world.
Only a short time before his ride yester
day be competed in the mile open profes
sional event and won the second heat and
almost had a final, when he swerved and
fell near the tape. The bruises he then
sustained evidently affected him but little,
judging by his later performance.
The Velodrome shield race opened the
day's program and was won by C. E.
Dow of Seattle in 2:16 4-5. He had chal
lenged Whitman of Los Angeles, who has
held the shield for the last three weeks.
Whitman originally won it from Dow.
The result yesterday was a surprise to
many, who thought Whitman the better
man.
The half-mile handicap amateur was
run in five heats and a final, those who
qualified being A. Thiesen, E. F. Russ,
Morris M. Cook, George W. Tantau and
C. D. Gooch. Thia foretold the result of
the final in a measure, as Russ outclassed
his opponents, and he won as he pleased
in 1:03 3-5 from scratch, Gooch second,
Cook third. -MB
The only professional event on the pro
gramme open to all was at a mile, run in
three heats and a final. Slater of Arizona
won the first heat in 2:27 3-5. closely fol
lowed by Byrne of the Imperial Club.
The next heat went to Becker of Minne
apolis, with Freeman, Bay City, a good
second; time, 2:30 3-5. The third heat
was won by Downing of San Jose in 2:27,
Dow of Seattle being second. These quali
tied for the final and the finish was some-,
what of a surprise. Decker had the race
wed in hand unlil he fell mar the tape.
There was then a general scramble to
avoid running over him and his fallen
wheel and Byrne landed across the line a
winner, for tne first t:me in many moons,
Freeman being second and Downing third.
The time ol the final was 2:10 1-5, which
is remarkably fast for a six-man mile race.
C. R. Coulter, the unpaced- mile cham
pion, was down to ride in the open pro
fessional event, but did not feel well and
was scratched. Later he came out for a
half-mile exhibition, unpaced, and did it
it in 1:04 4-5, which is fast going under
the conditions. Coulter will soon round
NEW TO-DAY.
RED"
ROUGH
HANDS
Itching, scaly, bleeding palms, shapeless nails,
and painful finger ends, pimples, blackheads,
oily, mothy skin, dry, thin, and falling hair, itch-
ing, scaly scalps, all yield quickly to warm baths .
with Coticura. Soap, and gentle anointing*
with Ccticcha (ointment;, the great akin cure.
Qticura
' It told throughout the world. Pot t bb Dbuo Cb em.
Corp.. Sole Propt., Botton. - '
ar " How to Produce Soft, White _"«"* d§," free.
ITCHING HUmS i SS&a fiE-Jr
A MYSTERY IN " CASTE."
When society shall have assembled at the California Theater next Monday
evening to witness a performance for charity there will be one name on the pro
gramme that society does not know; that tbe audience will be at a loss to place.
The young man who is to play the leading part of Captain Hautree in the
comedy of "Caste" is well known here, and yet the stage name that he has as
sumed will hide his identity on the bill as well perhaps as his make-up will dis
guise his personality.
There are hints of a bit of romance making this precaution necessary, and of
paternal objections coupled with an older brother's disapproval of the stage.
However this may be "Selden Stuart" will be in the cast, and, as a play-lover of
pretty Miss Leila Burton, will be a very conspicuous figure before the footlights.
The mystery of bis identity may add a charm to the whole affair for those who
will know by name or reputation all the other young social lights that will take
part in this rollicking little three-act comedy for the benefit of the Armitage
Orphanage and the Children's Hospital.
into his old-time form and is a cracker
jack when he is in shape.
The Olympic Cyclers have a fast
amateur in one W. Bacon. He tacked on
to the Dixon- Kraft- Loos amateur triplet
team yesterday afternoon and did a mile
naced in 1:55 2-5, which was a very cred
itable performance.
George W. Tantau rode half a mile,
paced by the same team, in :53 2-5.
The following is the summary:
One-mile open: First heat— H. Slater, Ari
zoua, first; P. M. Byrne, Imperial, second.
Time, '2:27 3 5.
Second heat— W. E. Bec~er, Olympic, first;
H. B. Freeman, Bay City, second. Time,
2:30 3-5.
Third heat— H. Downing, Garden City, flr.t;
C. E. Dow, California, second. Time, 2:27.
Final heat— F. M. Byrne, Imperial, first: H.
B. Freeman, Bay City. second; H. Downing,
Garden City, third. Time, 2:10 1-5.
Half-mile handicap, amateur: First heat —
A. Thiesen, CaliforniH. 50 yards, first; Tony
Alboreile, Olympic, 25 yards, second. Time,
1 :04 3-5.
Second heat— E. F. Russ. Olympic, scratch,
first; Bert Elford, Reliance, 20 yards, second.
Time, 1:02 2-5. :-.-:
• Third heat— Morris Cook, Olympic, 20 yards,
first; Ralph Robinson, San Francisco, 40
yarns, second. Time, 1:03 3-5.
Fourth heat— George Tautau, Olympic,
scratch, first; E. C. Barley, imperial, 50 yards,
second. Time, 1 :04 2-5.
Fifth heat— C. D. Gooch, Reliance, 20 yards,
first; L. Schmltt, Barker, 70 yards, second.
Time, 1:03 1-5.
Final heat— E. F. Russ, Olympic, scratch,
first; C. D. Gooch, Reliance, 20 yards, second;
M.M.Cook, Olympic, 20 yards, third. Time.
1.03 3-5.
Velodrome shield race, one mile, unpaced,
between D. K. Whitman of Los Angeles and C.
E. Dow of Seattle— Won by C. E. Dow. Time,
'_:!♦> 4 5. .-:•-.
Half-mile exhibition, flying start, by George
W. Tantfiu, Olympic Club Wheelmen, paced by
Dixon-Kraft-Loos triplet team. Time, :53 '2-5.
Unpaced exhibition ride by Clinton R. Coul
ter. Olympic Club Wheelmen, half mile. Time.
1:04 4-5. .. - .
One-mile record trial,. W. Bacon, Olympic,
paced. Time, 1 :55 2-5. 7
Five-mile match race between W. E. Becker
of Minneapolis and Horace Slater of Arizona.
Won by Becker In 9:54 3-5, world's. record.
The meet was handle/i by the following
officials: "-."'*
Referee, Frank D. Elwell; judges— J. F.
McGlynn. C. S. Mynck,* A. P. Swain;
timers— George H. Stratton, W. I. Pixley,
H. D. Hadenfeldt ; scorers— S.G. 3covern,
George W.BrouUlet.' Sol Rieser; umpires
—J. S. Egan, R. S. Duncan, Joe Lewis, T.
J. Flanigan; clerk of course, . George E.
Dixon ; assistants— A. .W. Wehe. E. H.
Weatherhead, Giles Cooper; starter, Doug
lass White; announcer, John C. Hines.
A fORGED EECEIPT.
•Joseph Walsh, a Salosiuan, Booked on
. Two .Serious Charges.
Joseph Walsh, a salesman, was booked
at the City Prison yesterday by. Detectives
Dillon and Crockett on two. charges one
of obtaining goods by false pretenses and
tne other of forgery. -777 i
He was formerly employed at the White
House on Kearny street! On February
12 he went to the hosiery department in
Murphy, Grant & Co.'s and ordered half-a
dozen pairs of ladies' silk hose on the rep
resentation that they were wanted by the
White Hou-c. Questions were asked him,
and he was so familiar with the names in
the White House that begot the goods,
signing the name of "J.Watson" to the
receipt.
Next morning the invoice was sent to
the White House, and they denied order
ing or receiving the goods. The police
were notified and Walsh was arrested.
He acknowledged obtaining the goods,
and pleaded as an excuse that he was
drunk at the time.
A Generous Bequest.
The Maria Kip Orphanage has just received
a very generous bequest from, the late. Mrs.
Ellen Vinsonlialer in the form of twenty-five
shares of the Pacific Gas Improvement Com
pany and twenty-five shares of the California
Wire Works. Mrs. Vinsonhaler; was very
much interested in the budding of the new
home, and the money realized win be devoted
to that purpose. She had always been a great
worker ana did everything .in . her power
to advance the cause of this worthy, charity.
If your printer can't get "Genuine Bank
Stock" ptii-er, send to My sell-Rollins, 22 Clay.*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1897.
A START ON
THE COLLEGES
Dr. R. Beverly Cole Laid the
First Brick in the
First Wall.
With a Few Friends He Cele
brated the Holiday in His
Own Way.
Wanted to Havj the Affiliated
Buildings Date From Wash*
icg'on's Birthday.
4
The first brick in what wdl be the dental
college building of the Affiliated Colleges
was laid yesterday by Dr. R. Beverly Cole.
There was not much of a ceremony, and
■ what exercises there were were of a patri
j otic character. Dr. Cole is dean of the
! medical department of the University of
J California. *7'"7
On March 20 the cornerstone will be
I formally laid, with fitting ceremony and
j in the presence of the Regents, the Gov
: ernor and those who are sufficiently inter-
I ested to attend. It is intended' to make
! that occasion a memorable one.
The grading of* the lot for the colleges
j will be finished a' out the Ist of April,
| after which the buildings will be com
pleted with all possible speed.
The buildings intended for the depart-
I ment of medicine and pharmacy will be
! under one roof at the east end of the prop
| erty. Beside this will ba the dental col
i lege, while on the west end will be located
j the college of law. Those three buildings
will face Parnassus avenue,' formerly J
street, while to the rear, close to the bluff,
I will be located the veterinary, college.
The first stories of all the buildings will
be constructed of Caliiornia granite.
In speaking of. the work yesterday Dr.
; Cole said: "I could not permit so im
i portant an occasion as tbe birthday of
I George Washington* to pass without
j coupling up bis memory with that of the
j Affiliated Colleges of -the great State of
I California. And I thought nothing could
i be more appropriate than to go out there
j and just set half a dozen of bricks on this
| day. If for no other reason than that it
j will go into; history ..that the first brick
I was laid on Washington's birthday in 1897.
"Consequently I did it in the presence
of a few friends "and' at the same lime
made a few remarks such as I now express.
"I -fought .--hard to have tbe colleges
located where they will be, and I trust I
may be soared to see them finished and
occupied. -It will take about two years to
complete the work. But we expect to
have them roofed .in before the end of
eighteen month?."
AN EDITOR WEDS.
Fred Marriott of the News Letter United
to -lira. M. 11. Mag-ire.
A quiet wedding took place yesterday
afternoon at the First Presbyterian
Church, corner of Van Ness avenue and
Sacramento street, when Fred Marriott,
editor, of. the News Letter, was united to
Mrs. Maria B. Maguire.
The ceremony was performed by the
Key. Dr. Mackenzie at 3:30 o'clock, only
relatives be ng present. The happy pair
leave for the East this evening.
MR. JULIAN
AS CATERER
Came to the City to Get
Eatables and a Cook
for Fitz.
SAYS THE AUSTRALIAN
IS ALL RIGHT.
Nothing- the Matter With Him,
He Declare., but Too Much
"Mountain Ccffe.."
■
JIM GROOM "TURNED DOWN"
IN QUICK ORDER.
Stelzn*r Secured to Spar— Predictions
and Gr*ssip About the Big Fight
A Side Bet.
Martin Julian, brother-in-law and man
ager of Bob Fitzsimmons, arrived yes
terday morning irom Carson in the com
pany of Harry Corbeit and Colonel Burns.
Julian looks fat and healthy. He was
not dressed in his best, but looking to
comfort he had donued a blue sweater and
the conventional cap that is worn by
sporting men of all kinds nowadays.
"How is Bob, Mr. Julian?" was asked.
"Why, brother-in-law is as fine as silk
and is now in condition to hop into a ring
to decide the championship. But you
know that Bob is the champion and I can't
understand why Ccrbett forgets to in
struct the reporters to say so when they
mention Bob's name. He won the title,
you know, by defeating Peter Maher, the
man to whom Corbett cave the title. But
that doesn't cut any ice with us, as Bob
will prove to Corbett and his supporters
on St. Patrick's day that CorDett has no
right claim to any such honor. I don't
fancy saying much now, but you can rest
assured that friend Corbett will be made
to understand the difference between fancy
sparring and good solid punching on the
17th of next month.
"Fitz may not be as good at dancing as
Corbett, but he is a figater, and the al
leged champion is aware that he will
meet hot shot when the time arrives for
exchange, of fistic compliments. I tell
you tbat Fitz cannot lose.
"Well, my object in visiting this City
now is to purchase provisions for Bob.
He wants certain eatable- which I can
not procure in Carson, and 1 have ordered
a whole Ist of stuff to be shipped to the
training quarters Several hampers of
good things will go over the line this
I evening, and the balance will follow in a
| few days.
"Then, again, you know that my sister,
I Mrs. Fitzsimmons, cannot be with 800 to
see to his cooking, etc., as she must at
tend to the wants of my dear old mother,
who is sick in New York:.
"I have secured Sam,' the Chinaman
j who cooked for us in Sausalito when Bob
{ was training for Sharkey, and be will jour
, ney with me this evening to Carson. He
is a first-rate cook and thoroughly under
stands bow to doctor things up for Boh.
"Yes, I haye also secured the services of
Stelzner, the pugilist who was to moet
Jeffries. He says that he is all right and
that the physician of tbe California Club
should not have blistered his back in such
a manner. In fact, Stelzner says that he
believes that it was a put-up job of the
club to avoid putting up the stake he was
to fi<-ht for.
"Stelzner is a good man and I really
think that he can whip Jeffries, but this is
only my opinion. However, Jeffries may
be a great fighter, but nevertheless be is
an untried man and we cannot place any
estimate on his vain -.
"Yes, Stuart is a pretty sick man, but I
guess be will pull through all right. He
is a rustler, and I think he can get away
j with the climate, which is severe on
strangers who do not look out for them
selves."
"How about that side wager, Mr. Julian,
of which so much has been said and writ
ten?" '7-7.
"Well, our money is up. Al Smith, the
stakeholder, has $75.0 of our money. You
know tbat $5000 of that sum is the side
stake and $2500 is the amount I guaran
tee for Fitz's appearance ia* the ring. I
believe that Corbett's money is also up,
and on that point i will have a chat with
Smith when he arrives in Carson.
"Groom, who managed the Sharkey-
Fitzsimmons contest, met me this fore
noon, and what do you think? Why, the
fellow asked ' me to go into another
scheme. He wanted to * have Bob meet
some fighter— l don't know whom, be
cause I was amused at his impudence in
a contest of ten rounds at the Mechanics'
Pavilion in April, and that we could di
vide the pot. I simply told him that I
j had had enough of the the National Club,
and left him to soliloquize on the side
walk.
"Well, I guess that Bob will fizht pretty
i close on to ISO pounds. He will not re
! duce much in flesh, as be is now as hard
a; nails and feeling as frisky as a colt.
"What do I think of Corbett ?
"Well, to be candid with you, if Bob
looked like Corbett does at present I
would never allow him to enter the ring.
I am afraid that Corbett's friends will say
after Bob has* put him to sleep that Jim
was not in condition, otherwise be could
not lose.
"I can't see how Corbett can be. physi
cally in good condition to engage in a
championship battle, bnt that cuts no
figure in tho game v now. They tell me
that he always wore a graveyard look
! and that he fights best when his features
resemble those of a very sick man. I
hope the report is correct, because if there
is anything in this world that I do detest
it is to hear a man offering an excuse for
defeat.
. "I do not look for a long fight, in fact it
would not surprise me a bit if Corbett
found the hard side of the boards in the
first round.
"The papers said that I intended to have
an array of friends ready to anticipate any
trouble at tbe ringside. Well," I did not
have them at the Pavilion, when I knew I
I was going to be jobbed; then why should I
have them in Carson ? No, there will be
no trouble, as the knockout will be too
clean to leave an opening for a dispute.
. "The business men of Carson should
make a small fortune. They are charging
good prices' for everything and tne news- ,
RAILROAD MEN RESENT "EXAMINER" LIES.
Streetcar Employes Denounce That Paper's Attempt to Represent
Them as "Tools of Officials" as Scurrilous, Preju
diced and Dishonest."
The Examiner is endeavoring to convey the impression to the general public
that the street-railroad employes of San Francisco were coerced into opposing the
bill for the reduction of fares. >. 7- -7
There is absolutely no foundation for any such impression. . ..
I want to say that there was no pressure or influence whatever brought to bear
on the boys by the railroad officials. The officials had no knowledge of the movement
we intended to make until after the petition had been drafted and put into circulation.
The plan emanated entirely from the boys themselves. A number of us origi
nally met at the Mission-street carhouse. W. C. Carpenter was elected chairman of
the committee and I was made secretary. I drafted that petition and it met with the
approval of the boys. It was immediately put into circulation without the knowledge
of the railroad officials and without their being consulted in any way concerning it
or its objects. Within twenty-four hours 3000 signatures were obtained to it. If we
had felt that we could have spared more time before hastening to Sacramento
we could most certainly have obtained the signature of every railroad employe in San
Francisco. 7.7'
_ Concerning our resolutions denouncing the Examiner that paper knows that it is
deliberately lying when it says that those resolutions or their sentiments originated
with any of the railroad officials.
I drafted those tesolutions myself in the hall where and at the time the big
meeting was in session. They were written men and there and not previously, and
they were thereupon signed by that committee immediately before they were read to
the general assemblage and unanimously and enthusiastically applauded. Even the
Examiner representative who was present cannot honestly deny this. 7-7
There was never any intimation from the railroad companies that our wages
would be cut, but we felt that if the bill did pass such would naturally be the result.
So, simply to protect ourselves, we organized to defeat the measure. We sent a dele
gation, of which I was a member, to Sacramento to work against the bill.
The entire expenses of that delegation are borne by the employes themselves.
Subscriptions are now being taken up among the boys to pay not only the expenses of
the delegation but the membsrs for loss of their time, and these subscriptions are
being willingly and readily paid.
I resent tbe imputation that I or that any one of the other members of that dele
gation went to Sacramento as the tools of a corporation. We went there to fight our
own battle, and when we returned victorious it was on our own account that we held
a big jollification meeting and passed resolutions thanking the Senators who bad
given us their support, and denouncing the Examiner for the scurrilous, prejudiced
and dishonest course it had pursued toward street-railroad men in this City.
paper men must pony up or they cannot
see the inside of a cart. The game is
pay or play and pay has the call. 77.
"That story about Bob having a little
trouble with his stomach is bosh. He
drank soma mountain coffee that did
not agree with him, and Bob has a happy
way of removing such things by a system
of heaving which he has practiced to good
advantage. He believes in keeping on
friendly terms with the inner man, and
when anything enters his stomach that
upsets bis -internal arrangements he
heaves you know what I mean by that.
"Why, half an hour after be expec
torated the stuff he started off on a run of
three miles to bis training quarters and
arrived feeling as trim as a racehorse.
"Say, I am not blowing, but just as
sure as my name is Julian Bob will give
Corbett the greatest licking on March 17
that a pugilist ever got in a ring. Now
just wait and see if my words don't come
true."
Julian and his man "Sam" left for Car
son last evening on the 6 o'clock train.
Stelzner will leave tnis evening.
FRACTURED HIS ARM.
-Singular Accident to Thomas Behan,
an Amateur Baseball Player, at .
Central Park.
Thomas Behan, an amateur baseball
player, met with a singular accident at
Central Park yesterday morning and it
will be a long time before he is able to
play again.
Behan was playing shortstop for Precita
Parlor, N. S. G. W., in their match against
Miller, Sloss & Scott's nine for charity.
The Precitas before the game started went
into the field to practice a little. Behan
was at third base and had made several
catcher and throws. . His brother was at
first base and he called to him to throw
the ball.
Beban drew back his right arm and was
about to throw the ball when his arm fell
helpless to his side and the ball flew off at
a tangent. Behan uttered a cry of pain
and his brother and some of the other
members ran toward him. One of them
lifted his arm np, but the pain was so
excruciating that be drooped it suddenly.
Behan was taken to the Receiving. Hos
pital, where it was found that his arm was
broken in three places between the shoul
der and elbow. The only plausible reason
advanced by the surgeons for the fractures
is that Behan's bones are • exceedingly
brittle and his muscles particularly strong.
A NEW MEDICAL MISSION
Seventh-Day Adventists Will
Treat the Sick Free of
Charge.
An Interesting Religions Movement
With Hea quarters on Mar
ket Street.
. Quite a novel and successful religious
enterprise has recently been started at 1380
Market street by the Seventh-day Ad
ventists. * It is called the Market-street
Mission and its purposes are humane as
well as religious.
The new enterprise is under the control
of Rev. E. E. Andross and Elder H. H.
Dexter. There is a song service every
evening at 7:30 and preaching at 8, fol
lowed by a r-raise service and questions on
the Bible.
"We have a free reading-room open all
day," said Rev. Mr. Andross yesterday,
"and have introduced another feature of
much value in the form of a free clinic.
We have men physicians from 9 io 10 a m.
daily and women from 12 m. to 1 p. m. Tbe
brief experience we have had here shows
that a free clinic is badly needed. There
are many sick men, women and children
in this City who are destitute and need
attention. We also get a great many ap
plications from the unemployed.
"While, the main purpose'of our enter
prise is to revive an interest in religion
and do helpful work in the clinic we are
open for humane work in general. If
people are too ill to call at the mission we
shall try to send some of our physicians
to them."
The sermons to be delivered this week
will be on the nature and obligations of
the Sabbath.
"Subjects are also being considered that
will reveal tne Adventists' view of the
closing work of the Savior," said Rev. Mr.
Andross, "and we hope to elicit consider
able attention from the people."
HEESSEMANS WIN.
Redskin* Defeated by a Score of
25 to 9.
The Piute Indian balltossers were
scalped' yesterday at the Emeryville
grounds by the Heesemans, the score
being 25 to 9. The Heesemans did very
heavy stick work and the curves of Harry
Nolan somewhat puzzled : the Indians.
T c, Piutes played a very slow game and
were no match for the Heasemans, who
established themselves as favorites in
Oakland at vpsterday's exhibition. 7
. Manager Waiter Fry has arranged for a
series of twelve games to be played In
Oakland in the near future. Next Sunday
the Heesemans will meet tne Silver
Sprays of San Francisco.
Jkw_wy store. 5 and 7 Third street, removed to
20. Kearny, street.
W. C. COOK.
THEY BOXED HARD
FOR TEN ROUNDS
Spider Kelly Won a Hard
Decision Over Lon
Agnew.
An Evening of Swings and
Uppsrcuts at Woodward's >
Pavilion.
Austra'ian Billy Smith Won a Victory
Over Peppers. of Los An
geles-
The revived California Athletic Club
gave its inaugural entertainment last
evening in Woodward's Pavilion. A fair
crowd was present, but the house was
pretty well papered.
The first brace of pugs to enter the ring
was Patsy Corrigan and Charles Goff,
alias Joe McAuliffe.
Corrigan was no good as a fighter, and
his opponent was still worse. They
mauled each other for four or five rounds,
to the disgust of the spectators.
Billy Smith and Henry Peppers boxed
ten rounds and Smith got the decision, as
he was the aggressor from start to finish.
. The event of the evening was a ten
round bout between Lon Agnew and Spi
der Kelly and it proved to be one of the
most exciting contests that has been
witnessed under the roof of the fighting
pavilion for many moons.
Agnew was a strong favorite, and his
frienas expected to see him win handily,
but he found a pretty tough opponent in
the "Spider," who was trained to a turn.
1 Kelly and his attendants put in an ap
pearance at 10:30 o'clock. Kelly was sec
onded by Dal Hawkins and Young
Mitchell. Agnew soon followed. He was
looked after by George Green and Bert
Brown.
Tom Sharkey was selected by both con
testants to referee the match. Master of
Ceremonies Jordan announced . that the
principals weighed 137 pounds.
Kelly fought well, but he resorted to
several tricks which were not altogether
fair. Agnew soon made himself a strong
favorite with the spectators on account of
his very clean style, which- was free from
clinching and other methods used by some
pugilists to avoid punishment.
ln the first round Agnew immediately
cut out a hot pace and kept his opponent
on the retreat from the time the gong
sounded until it rang again for corners.
Kelly evidently expected a lively mill and
he trained accordingly.
He got away from a few right and left
swings by clever ducking, add as the
round was drawing to a close he dropped
his left glove a dozen times on Agnew's
mouth, but the blows lacked driving
power. Sraß
Agnew came up as fresh as a Baltimore
oyster for the second round, and immedi
ately resumed the aggressive. He forcd
Kelly to the ropes and tried hard to land
left hooks and swings, but the Spider was
cunning and avoided the blows by swift
ducking. The boys mixed up when the
round was about halt over, and Agnew re
tired with a blood-stained mouth.
It was give and take in the third round,
but Kelly landed the most blows, none of
which seemed to annoy Agnew, who kept
close up to his game, forcing Kelly to
dance from end to end of the rim- to avoid
some jaw-disturbers that were aimed at
him. .
In the fourth round Agnew fought very
wickedly and warmed the Spider's jaw,
but the blows landed too far back toward
Kelly's ear to do damage.
Alter a very lively exchange Agnew
though he had an excellent chanc. to send
the Spider to dreamland, and he swan.
his right which missed tie point of Kel
ly's jaw by half an inch and Agnew fell
under the ropes, Kelly giving him a slight
push as ha was going downward. This
round was about equal in points.
The fifth round was very exciting. Ag
new grew tired of being jabbed in the
mouth, as Kelly was continually getting
his left fist over his opponent's guard and
Lon determined to get into close quarters.
A hot scrimmage resulted, and Kelly time
and again grabbed Agnew by the
legs to avoid upper-cuts and nooks. "Kelly
was growing tired, and resorted to clinch
ing tactics, which style of fighting did not
please the spectators in the least. Agnew
fought a great battle to the end, but failed
to land any of. his favorite hooks and
swings, all of which were cleverly ducked
by the Spider.
Referee Sharkey awarded the battle to
Kelly, although nearly all present thought
that Agnew should' have the decision.
Kelly landed the most blows, but Agnew
was the aggressor from first to last, and in
a finish fight would certainly have won,
as the Spider was showing strong signs oi
weakness at the end of the tenth round.
A draw would have been the right thing.
Suicide of a Chinese.
Wong Fook, a cigar-maker living at 716J_
Jackson street, committed suicide yesterday
morning by cutting his throat with the knife
ho used .for ' cutting cigar tobacco. Fook's
friends stated tbat the man had been acting
queerly for several days and that they be
lieved bim to be crazy. Deceased was 47 years
of age. The case was reported to the Coroner.
THE MYSTERY OF
FOUR SMALL SAWS
They Were Found in a
Window of the City
Prison.
Captain Robinson Failed to Re
port the Discovery to
Chief Crow'ey.
A Rigid Investigation Will Likely
Be Made Into City Prison
Methods.
A discovery alleged to have been made
by Captain Robinson of the City Prison
'about three weeks ago may lead to com
plications that were never anticipated.
About that time the captain said he
found a small parcel stuck through the
steel- wire screen of one of the windows
looking into the "tanks," where prisoners
are confined pending investigation. On
opening the parcel he found it contained
four steel saws from six to eight inches
long and about half an inch wide. The
parcel had been shoved into the wire
screen from the outside.
The captain locked the saws in the
drawer of his desk and did not consider itv
necessary to notify Chief Crowley or any J
of the desk sergeants of his discovery. The f
only person who was in his confidence was
a "trusty," who is now en joying his lib
erty, having completed his sentence.
By some means the finding of the saws
leaked out on Sunday, and it was reported
that they were put there with the 'object
of effecting a j til de livery. - Such an idea
was so preposterous that it was at once re
jected, and various surmises were made aa
to who put the saws there and what waa
the motive that prompted the act. The
probability is that Chief Crowley will in
sist upon a full investigation, as he said
yesterday he could not understand why
Captain Robinson should not have re
ported the matter to him at once.
Guarding all the windows in the City
Prison are chilled steel bars about six
inches apart and about one and a half
inches thick. There are two rows of these
bars, one on the outside and the other on
the inside, and between them is a thick
steel wire screen. The saws and the bars
are about the same quality of steel and to
attempt to saw any of the bars would be
a case of diamond cut diamond. It would
be utterly impossible to sever the bars
with such saws.
Assuming that tbe saws had been put
there with such an object, none of the
prisoners could have got possession of
them without collision with one of the
"trusties." The cells are from twelve to
fourteen feet from the windows, and the
prisoners are confined behind iron bars,
so that it was impossible for them to get
the saws without the assistance of a
"trusty."
"I cannot understand," said Chief
Crowley, yesterday, "why Captain Robin
son could be so derelict in hisduty as not to
report the finding o the saws to me. Of
course it is absurd to imagine for a
moment that there could be any idea of a
jail delivery, and it is not worth while
discussing such a proposition, but why the
thing bas been kept so secret is what I
cannot fathom. I have been unable to
see Captain Robinson to get his ex
planation, and therefore am unable to say
anything more about it,"
As stated in Sunday's Call, Captain st
Robinson has preferred charges against '
D.sk Sergeant Shields for not visiting the
"tanks" every half hour, as required by
an order of the Chief, and it is said that
when the case is heard before the Com
missioners to-morrow night there will be
interesting developments regarding the
workings of the City Prison.
One of the results of the investigation
will probably be the abolition of the
"trusty" system in the prison and the
appointment of salaried guards.
Disastrous Sirs nt Grand Forks, Jf. D.
GRAND FORKS, N. D., FeD. 22.— At 2
o'clock this morning fire broke out ia
Thomas Beard's dry -goods store, a three
story brick. The fire was* of unknown
origin, but had gained much headway.
The clothing-store of Ephraim Bros., the
shoestore of Rand Bros, and the hardware
store of Higam Bros, and Beard's store
were totally destroyed. The loss is esti
mated at $225,000, and . insurance at half
that amount. 777"
_-r_*rw to-dat.
If every
pound of *
sfrouhif
Baking Powder
contained a
handful of)
starch it would
not be neces-
sary to keep it
always dry.
But "Trophy"
is real baking
powder — not
starch mixed
with drugs.
48 Tillmann & Bendel, Mfri.
Wilt's Mai Yeptalil. Fills
Are .cknowledged by thousands of persons wijo
have 113 -d ttiem for over fort-- years to cure I
H CX HEADACHE, GIDDINESS C 'NsTTpl.
TIO.n, torpid Uver, Weak stomach. Pimples Bali
purlfv the blood. ■ . I
CrossMU'sSiificiricliir.
Wuh tula eiueuy (..prisons .an cuie luem.elves
without the least exposure, change of die. or '
change in applicat on to business. The medicine
contains nothing that is of the least injury to the
constitution. Ask your druggist fori*. I'ilce, 81
a bo* i.e. _"■■•-"