VOLUME LXXXI.-NO. 70.
NICHOLAS II
IS FAILING
Epileptic Seizures Becoming
Frequent and Alarm
Relatives.
t
GUARDED AS A FAMILY
SECRET.
Now the Czar Is Urged to Turn
Over the Duties o the New
Council of State.
COMPELLED TO CEASE SMOKING
. AND LIMIT DRII.KING.
Cmsump Tendency in th Russian
Imperial Hcuse Has a Parallel
in Austria.
BERLIN, Germany, Feb. 7.— The pecu-
Crar Nicholas II of Russia, Whose Weakened Condition Is Causing
His Royal Relatives Great Alarm. It Has Been Suggested
That He Turn Over Most of the Duties of His Office to the
Projected Near Council of State.
liar ailment of the Czar has been no secret I
at the German court for some years, \
Since he was a lad emerging from boy- i
'■ hood it has been known that he was sub- !
. • jeet to occasional fits. Tbey were rare, j
however, and were supposed, aftet the j
closest medical diagnosis, to be likely to
disappear as his physique strengthened.
The seizures, which in his early life took j
place about every four months, be- |
came more frequent and more distinctly I
epileptic, but they were never particularly j
•trying to his constitution until alter he j
became burdened with the work and j
troubles inseparable from the throne. !
During the last year he has had pro- I
nounced epileptic seizures about once a
month. These are not mere matters of
• press reports or diplomatic correspond- j
ence. The private correspondence which I
Continually proceeds between the Dan
ish, German, Eneliah and Russian royal
ties—their family correspondence, which
is quite distinct from the diplomatic—con
tains much that never leaks out. But
■ each, high royal person, male or female,
has a confidant, and through this source
the alarm as to the Czar's condition has
' "^become known.
_ Not that any serious fears are enter
. ! tamed as to his being obliged to create a
regency nor any as to immediate danger
A YARD OF KITTIES- A COMPANION PIECE TO THE -YARD OF PUPS."
Suwestion for an " Examiner " Chromd to Be Given Away With aJ 5c Ad. ' — " -
The San Francisco Call
to bis life. His royal relatives are dis
tressed, however, by the possibility of body
J and mind being weakened if these attacks
do not lessen in frequency, and are under
stood to concur in ur:'in_ the Czar to give
up most of his imperial duties to the pro
jected new Council of State. His medical
j attendants have prescribed a strict regime
j designed to strengthen especially the
j nervous system. He has abandoned
j smoking and only takes a very limited
I quantity of ,wine. Apart from his epilep
( tic condition bis health is good.
There is better news about the condi
tion of the Cz >rowitch, the Czar's younger
j brother, the Grand Duke Michael, who
j though always in delicate health, is
I Decerning stronger. . .
J The consumptive tendency in the Rus
j sian imperial house has its parallel in the
Austrian. The political consequences
arising from the suicide of Crown Prince
Rudolph and the illness of tbe present
heir presumptive, the Archduke Franz
j Ferdinand, have been long under consid
; eration by Emperor Franz Jos ..
It is whispered in court and hi_:h
political quarters that the Emperor has
■ counseled his Ministers and political
■ leaders, botn Hungarian and Austrian, to
ascertain what suppoit they would give
to his grauitdauehter, the Archduchess
Elizabeth, and that he has found ready
support from Hungary, bit little or none
jin Austria. The Emperor, who has
readied his sixty-seventh year, has by nc
means abandoned his design to set aside
j the. Salic law in Austria. Meanwhile the
j health of the Archduke Franz Ferdinand
i is, according to newspaper reports, greatly
improve!, but the story which the Arch
i duke's supporters in Vienna have caused
■ to be circulate i that his diseased lungs
• are healing and that he was able to go
. mountaineering recently in Persia is con
! s'. tiered doubtful. He looked doomed
about six months ago, emaciated and sub-
jeet to severe coughing, and only bis re
turn to active duty in the army and his
reappearance in Vienna society will con
vince the court and public of his restored
health.
There is the very best authority for the
statement that the draft of the reform
protocol as completed by the Embassa
dors at their conferences in Constantino
ple is drawn up on the assumption that
tbe Sultan will accept the proposals, but
there is no reference therein either di
rectly or indirectly to any possibility of a
resort to coercion on the part of the pow
ers to enforce them. Copies of the docu
ment reached the Foreign Offices in Vi
enna and Berlin on Saturday, and it is un
derstood ihat the text of the proposals
coincides with the desires expressed by
the Emperor and Count Goluchowsky, the
Austrian Minister of Foreign Affairs, at
their recent conference at Kiel. The op
position of the Kaiser to any further con
sideration of the question of coercion to
enforce the Turkish economics may have
the effect to neutralize the effects of the
Ernbassadorial conferences, though it is
said that in deference to the wishes of the
other powers Baron de Calice, the Aus
trian Embassador and president of the
I Continued on Second Page.
SAX FRANCISCO, MONDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 8, IS.)T.
CAPTURED
BY CUBANS
Daring Raid on a Stone
Fort Just Outside of
Guanabacoa.
SPANIARDS TAKEN BY
SURPRISE.
Slaughtered by Insurgents as
- They Run Down Into
the Streets.
FULLY HALF OF THE GARRISON
ARE KILLED.
By Their Darin? Tactics the Patriots
Cause the Minions cf Weyler
Great Const atio% )
NEW YORK, Feb. B.— A World special
I from Key West says: All Havana is gasp
( ing over the audacity of the insurgents,
I who destroyed a stone fort right under
I Major Fondeviela's nose, just outside of
j Guanabacoa, Saturday night.
The building, a big three-story mansion,
strong and well made, was the advanced
picket post and had a garrison of 100 men.
There also were kept supplies lor the out
lying detachments, ammunition, etc.
At midnight a force of 200 Cubans came
up secretly aad captured and bound the
outside sentinels before any alarm could
be tiven. Admission wis obtained by
giving the name of the officer of the
guard, but a sentinel, as the Cubans
poured in, fired his rifle, killing Lieuten
ant de Rosna.
As the garrison filed into the street the
j fire of the Cubans was terribly effective,
while in th. confusion the Spaniards'
shots did little execution. Fully half of
the garrison were killed, the others es
caping :ro:n the windows
The Cubans looted the building. The
| wooden portion was set on fire and a
! dynamite cartridge tore down the stone l
1 walls.
A cavalry detachment came from Guan
abacoa and .or half an hour the two forces
engage 1 , at short range, the Cubans being
protected from th« rjiarfe*^ the t-o.po_^
:>.c>'......cd wire ■4i.ln-_._M_ across the street. ■
The Cuba an then rift-tea sortie, driving
back the Spaniards, and then retreated,
firing as they left It is supposed that
Hernandez was in command.
Thirty wounded soldiers were brought
to Havana, and it is reported that twenty
four were buried at Guanabacoa. • The
• Cuban loss is not known, as they took
tbeir dead and wounded with them. .
DE LOME rust* ■I, E FOB MA.
Mother Spain Would Welcome He- Babel
j Children With Vpr-n Ar>,i's.
WASHINGTON, jj). C, *I*_D. 7.-The
Spanish Legation has received with the
full abstract of the new reforms for the
islands of Cuba and Porto Rico, the pre
amble of Senor Canovas announcing tho
terms of the new decree. This preamble
expresses tho kindliest feelings toward
the Cuban people and declares that their
mother Spain is disposed, as she always
has been, to open her arms to them and
to extend amnesty for past offenses and
that the application of the reforms only
depends upon the insurgents. Minister
Dupuy de Lome discussed the scope of the
reforms .c-day with a representative of
the United Associated Presses, and said,
among other things: ■%.-___
"The electoral reforms were not referred
to at length in the decree of the Ministry
for the reasons stated in the preamble of
Senor Canovas — that they will require the
action of the Cortes. lam informed, how
ever, that tbe Government contemplates
extending greatly the basis of the suffrage,
but they desire to do it in such a way as
to prevent undue influence being acquired
by the illiterate portion of the population.
Any educational qualification which may
be suggested by the Cubans and which
seem reasonable and proper will undoubt
edly be adopted by the Cortes.
"It is the purpose of the Government,"
said Senor Dupuy de Lome, "to show the
greatest generosity toward the insurgents
who lay down their arms. The reforms
cannot well be put into full effect until the
sovereignly of Spain is acknowledged in
all parts the island. The Government
will not remove its military activity in
any degree if the insurgents show any dis
position to continue the contest and fail
to appreciate the great concessions made
by the home Government.
"The tariff features of the new decree,"
Senor de Lome said, "mean a great deal
for the United States as well as for Cuba.
The first column of the new tariff sched
ules providing for revenue will contain
the greatest number of items, leaving the
list on which discriminations are made
in favor of Spain not exceeding 20 per
cent of the value of the imports, a com
paratively short one.. The duties levied
will be against all countries except Spain ;
and American manufactures and export
er . in view of their familiarity with the
Cuban trade and their nearness to the
island, are likely to appreciate the im
portance of these concessions. Tbe situa
tion wili be much more favorable to
American trade than under the reciproc
ity treaty of 1890."
A SOLID __f.i-._VX) OF CUBA.
Senator- Eh Ma. on of Jllinoi. Emphat
ically Declares Himself.
CHICAGO. 111., Feb. 7.— Senator-elect
William E. Mason was' given a reception
last night by the Menoken Club, of which
he is a member. In the course of a
speech he said :
"I have disagreed with people some
times, but what I am going to say now is
a question of patriotism, not politics. I
was in the Supreme Court on Monday
when the Attorney-General sought to ad
vance the interests of the Cubans who
wanted to get out of their own country.
And if I get into any trouble it will be on
on this score.
"Have you read how the Spaniards are
killing women and children? Do you
know bow boys are shot every day? Tbefe
is no precedent for it in international law.
The strongest nation makes it. I tell you
I am sick and tired ot men and women
and children being murdered at our door
step and turning back and saying, 'We
are not our brothers' keepers." I say we
are our brothers' keepers. And whether
I am blamed or praised I shall never be
silent until the belligerency of Cuba is
recognized."
CAB /MET CHANGES LIKELY.
Great Dissatisfaction at Madrid Over
the JV-«0 tie farm Scheme.
MADRID, SrAiN. Feb. 7.— There is much
dissatisfaction expressed here over what
are alleged to be the excessive concessions
to the Cubans in the scheme of reforms
and it is thought that Cabinet changes
are likely to result. It is reported to-day
that Marquis Pidal or General Martinez
Campos will shortly replace Senor del
Castillo, tbe Prime Minister. The latter,
should he resign, would place himself at
tbe disposal of the crown, which would
probably advise him to support Marquis
Pidal.
In an interview to-day Prime Minister
Canovas del Castillo declared that the
Government would legally execute the re
forms in Cuba and would not wait for tbe
complete pacification of the '.land. It
• - . .1 »•'_■_ :
confined to the eastern provinces. .
_► —
Vubti.hed ntllartina. ' '"
HAVANA, Cuba,; Feb. 7.— The authori
ties here have at last given their consent
to the publication of the scheme of Cuban
reforms issued last week by" the Cabinet at
Madrid. The Lucha and the Diario de la
Marina to-day i-i-ued extras containing the
reforms, but neither of these papers made
any editorial comment*. It can be stated,
however, that loyal Spaniards are pleased |
with the scheme. •
CARNAGE CONTINUES IN CRETE.
Moslems Still  massacring Christians
and Looting Their .Homes Sailors
Landed to Subdue Fires.
ATHENS, Greece, Feb. 7.— A dispatch
from Canea sates mat incessant rifle and
cannon firing, was heard outside Canea
yesterday and to-day and that tho Turk
ish troops took part in the firing, using
artillery. Many Christians were killed.
. It is reported that the Christians have
captured the arsenal at Suda. The corre
spondent adds that *he , saw Moslems
pillaging the Christian quarters and kill
ing and wounding Epirot bakers.
LONDON, Eno., Feb. 7.— The Standard's
Athens correspondent telegraphs that
sailors were landed from the foreign ves
sels in the harbor of Canea to prevent the
entire destruction of machinery by the in
cendiary fires that were started on Friday.
The flames were not subdued until they
had burned for thirty-six hours.
The dispatch says that a number of
Turks, aided by the troops, nave' marched
to Halpa;" which place is defended by
Christians. With the exception of Canea,
Retbmo and Hecklion, nearly the whole
island is report- d to be in tbe possession
of armed Christians, who are only await
ing a signal from Greece to proclaim the
union of Crete with Greece.
Mrs. Jteeeher'e Condition.
BTAMFORD, Conn.,' Feb. 7.— There is
no material change in the condition of
Mrs. Henry Ward Beeeher to-night.
MAY COST
A CAPITOL
Infamous Sling of Certain
Journals at Honest
Legislators.
LESSON OF THE PAST
FORGOTTEN.
An Editorial Says the Entire
Bcdy of Lawmakers Should
Be Indicted.
SCURRILOUS COMMENT THAT
RESULT SERIOUSLY.
Already a Bli Is Being Drafted for
the Removal of the Capital
to Oakland.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 7.—Mem
bers of the Senate and Assembly are in
dignant over the following editorial, which
appeared this morning in the Sunday
Leader of this city :
The Sacramento Grand Jury very wisely re
fused to have anything to do with the Legis
lative scandal. If they should investigate
that body they would have to indict the entire
outfit. Our County Prison is not big enough,
and then 120 members and 200 attaches
would eat us out of house and home. Let the
Legislature wash its own dirty linen.
They say that it is bad enough for legis
lators to be obliged to drink the muddy
waters of the Sacramento River impreg
nated with the bacilli of burglary and
bigamy from the State prison at Folsom,
without being called felons by one ot the
two rosettes (one daily, the other weekly)
which ornament the coat lapel of Sacra
mento journalism. If the Leader had a
representative on the floor of the Senate
and Assembly be would be ignominiously
expelled.
Senator Morehouse said to-day that he
was not aware that he and his fellow Sen
ators bad dons anything to merit the
■-«*>^.s^.3" fcis 1 -. , '♦ _».*..*js*:t# rt,_m_ : _*« A*»{j__*v., _f__
on them for having braved tne dangers
of malaria and typhoid to come here and
live during the two most disagreeable
months in the year.
_ Indignation was ,so high that certain
legislators are now at work drafting a bill
to remove the State capital to Oakland.
They consider that they have been scurri
lously treated here by the existence of a
public sentiment which tolerates such un
founded editorials.
Several Senators delare that it is time to
make a law punishing such malicious and
unfounded libels and felonies. They say
that the publication was inspired by the
fact that the manager of the paper. Major
John N. Lsrain, held an eight dollar a
day job during the last session; that he
applied for a similar job at the beginning
of the present session and failed to get it.
The major is now persona non grata and
will not be allowed upon the floor of the
Senate hereafter.
SECRETARY SEARLES AT CANTON.
Mystery of the Visit of the Missing Sugar
Witness to the Home of
McKinley,
CHICAGO, 1n,., Feb. B.— A special to
the Tribune from Canton, Ohio, says:
John E. Searles, secretary of the sugar
trust, not only paid a visit to President
elect McKinley last Friday, and tried
to keep bis visit a secret, but he met
Chairman Hanna at the Valley Railway
station here and took him away to some
unKnown place for an hour's conference.
Mr. Searles' visit is causing more com
ment here the mo. _ its mystery becomes
known.
Tbe fact that he was under contempt at
Albany, N. V., for not appearing at the
Lexow Committee investigation of the
sugar trust on tbat day has caused all
sorts of speculation here over the subject
of his visit. - ■{- rJ7 : .^i-_?iH-i .:'
Searles reached here from the East on a
Pennsylvania train and was driven di
rectly to the McKinley home. When he
was asked by a newspaper correspondent
what his me was he replied, "Jones."
The President-elect unwittingly gave it
all away, however. He was standing in
the hall when Mr. Searles came up the
steps, and the front door was open.
Nearly all arrivals are shown into the
library first, where they register and give
their cards to Secretary Cooper. Major
McKinley, however, recognized his visitor
by sight and did not wait for an introduc
tion. Whether be knew he was coming
cannot be ascertained.
Wnat Mr. Searles came to Canton for is
much of a mystery. The President-elect
has said that he does not know Mr. Searles 1
initials, and Mr. Searles' only explanation
of his visit, in reply to the usual question
put to callers at the McKinley house, was
that he came on a social call.
It is generally believed that the Presi
dent-elect knew he was entertaining the
secretary of the sugar trust, but that he
did not know he was in contempt of court
at the time. The most plausible explana
tion of the visit is that he was looking up
the question of tariff legislation, and
that Friday was considered most conven
ient for him, although it was embarrass
ing. to Mr. Lexow.
It is regarded here as doubtful whether
the matter is brought up to Albany on ac
count of the unjust criticiom to which it
might subject the President-elect.
PLEADS FOR HAWAII
Colonel Palmer Says the Natives Will
Never Consent to the Scheme of
Annexation.
WASHINGTON. D. CL; Feb. 7.—Colo
nel Julius Palmer, private secretary of
ex-Queen Lihuokalani, has sent a com
munication to the Washington Times in
otate Senator Voorheis of Amador County,, Who Is an Active
Champion of Both Mine and Farmer.
which he extols in the highest manner '
the deposed ruler, and refers in the
course of his article to the question of the
annexation of Hawaii to tbis country.
Colonel Palmer says annexation is now
dead forever.
"For there is no escape," he writes,
"from one. of two positions. First, the
10,000 native voters now disfranchised by
a minority, that by official statistics in
1893 numbered 637. wili be allowed to re
sume suffrage. In this case they might
vote for one of their own chiefs of their
nation, but they will certainly vote
against annexing their country to any
other land.
"Second, the 10,000 native voters would
be still denied the right of expression of
their rights at the ballot-box. Tbev will
be held down by manacle and musket as
they are to-day. 1 have seen noble speci
mens of Hawaiian manhood laboring on
the roads carrying a ball and chain for no
other reason than their own loyalty to
Liliuokalani. If this course is pursued the
American people, under whatever party,
will never admit them to this great and
glorious Union, simply on the vote of
their oppressors, because these latter wish
to be relieved of the consequences of their
own rebellion and folly.''
Death of a Gas Magnate,
CHICAGO, 111., Feb. 7.— Albert Bel
lings, founder of the People's Gaslight
and Coke Company in this city, died to
night at his old homestead on West Lake
s'.reet, leaving an estate of about $10,000,
--000. Mr. Billings was more than 82 years
of age and died of heart failure.
TRICE FIVE CENTS.
FOR MINER
AND FARMER
Legislation That Will Cause
Them Both to Work
in Harmony.
LEFT FOR REPUBLICANS
TO ACT.
Senator Vcorheis the Active
Champion of All Classes
of Miners.
EXPLAINS IMPORTANT BILLS
PENDING.
Provision to Be Made for Restraining
Dams and the Dredging of
Navigable Streams.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 7.— One of
the most pleasing features of the present
session of the Legislature, and one of its
unprecedented features as well, is the fact
that in matter* of legislation the farmers
and the miners are working together in
harmony. For years the Democratic party
has been promising with one face that it
would create such legislation as would en
able hydraulic miners to proceed with
their work, and with the other face it has
been promising the farmers that hydraulic
mining should not be resumed unless the
miners would go to the enormous expense
of buildine solid dams to keep the detritus
from being washed down into the rivers.
lt remained tor ihe brain and the genius
of ihe Republican party to evolve from
amidst the confusion of those two jarring
interests a plan which has now united the
interests of th* miner end the farmer.
That plan has been perfected and has as
sumed tangible shape in bills now before
the Legislature. -j..*.
Senator Voorheis of Sutter Creek, Ama
dor county, has taken much interest in
NEW TO-DAT.
cine man cures by
\&jo^iCA¥ charms and incan-
\sß^§|3®' tations. He fright-
_^3JJ£j|j|r_M ens away the "evil
aJ/J^_§ShSi spirit" who causes
\2Ss<ssffi tne sickness. He
■*i^^^^___l_!X* does all sorts of
jSß__f___Jß_?___&'% things that civilized
cine man cures by
charms and incan-
tations. He fright-
ens away the "evil
spirit who causes
the sickness. He
does all sorts of
things that civilized
____«_!>_3_«lif people would call
idiotic and barbaric,
___y^ff^__ but the civilized
•"■W VHfjs folks are not so very
MplM jf-y much ahead after
Jf ll_^_tt____ a^' Th-ay do just
jtffl I'fegaiisjr as foolish things as
r^^l^^S^ does the medicine
mxJr i^C^ man. They go along
*s_s^V carelessly, and al-
low the little sickness to grow into the
big sickness. They allow constipation to
grow into indigestion, heartburn, dizzi-
ness, headache, insomnia, and a aundred
other distressing conditions. They do
this frequently because they do not know
the cause of their trouble. It is a pretty
safe rule to look for the source of 9-ioths
of human sickness in this one simple and
appallingly . prevalent trouble. Another
foolish thing that smart people do is to
take some alleged remedy for constipa-
tion and keep on taking it, day after day, '
month after month and year after year.
Perhaps it is better to take the medicine
than not to take it at all, but of course if
they stop taking it, their trouble will
come back. This last statement is true
of __<cry other medicine prepared for this
purpose except Dr. Pierces Pleasant Pel-
lets. One " Pellet "is a gentle laxative,
and two a mild catharic. They are gentle
and efficient in their action, -permanent
in their results. You don't become a
slave to their use,' as with other pills. *•
*k^*s""*'-% >^ / The People's Common Sense
r^^_fc*J^___l Medical Adviser, in plain En-
tK_^o?v33 glish, or Medicine Simplified by
JpiwiM^j R.V. Pierce, M. D.. Chief Consult-
g -„» l-__<*n ing Physician to the Invalids' Ho-
|tA\l _»£**] tt . and Surgical Institute. Buffalo,
Vr__» __«-& _j'N. V., iocs . pages, illustrated.
r'^^^l J 6*50.000 copies sold at $1.50. :. Now
I . i ser.t. paper-bound," absolutely -
_»__ I tSVt FREE on receipt of -at one-cent
Vimi stamps to pay for mailing only,
"**•*■■ sm\w address Urn Author. __s above.2
mining legislation, so much so that unlike
many of his colleagues, he remains over
here on Sundays instead of going home to
restor to San Francisco to mingle among
the dizzy throng of pleasure-seekers. He
told a Call reporter to-day what the min
ers wanted; things which the agricultur
ists were willing to concede.
"Among these," said the Senator, "will
be some amended election laws adopted
by the Miners' Association. One is for
the purpose of practically abolishing dis
trict recorders. In the old day?, miners
in sparsely settled districts elected dis
trict recorders whose duty.it was to re
cord mining locations and were independ
ent of the County Recorders. As the
counties were organized the office of dis
trict mining recorder was done away with
in many instances. In some places, how
ever, they still exist. It is the opinion
of mining people that those things should
be turned over to the County Recorder.
If they still continue to keep district re
corders at long distances from the county
Beat their records must be sent to the
County Recorders and this involves un
necessary trouble and delay.
"Two of the most important bills before
the Legislature are those making avail
able the appropriation of $500,000 to build
restraining dams to bold back the detritus
and mining debris now lying in the can
yons and the bill known as the dredger
bill. Of this appropriation $250,000 has
been made from the United States treas
ury and $2j0,C00 from the State, the money
now being in the S ate treasury, Paving
been appropriated by the State some time
ago. The bill makes no new appropria
tion and simply prescribes the manner in
which the money may be u«ed. I have
heard of no objection to the bill.
"The other bill appropriates $300,000 for
the purchase of the Bates dredger, etc.
It is designed in the interest of the
farmers along the banks of streams which
are now subject to overflow by reason of
the filling up of river beds and breaks in
the levees.
"These restraining dams will hold the
debris in the canyons that is already there
by reason oi mining or other causes. It is
a question whether hydraulic mining is
the cause of all this trouble. There has
been practically no hydraulic mining for
ten or twelve years, yet tbe debris accumu
lates in the river in about the same ratio
as it did before. Dams are necessary, be
cause the stuff that has been washed from
the hills comes down with every flood, and
it is, therefore, to the best interests of the
farmers to keep the debris out of tbe
American, Feather and Sacramento rivers.
These dams are to be constructed of stone
and cement, and, according to the reports
of the United States engineers, will last as
long as the mountains themselves. The
United States estimate of tbeir cost, if
they are built far enough up in the moun
tains, is $490,000. If it shall develop after
fair trial that the dams will catch and
hold ail the accumulations without injur
ing the lands adjoining, hydraulic mining
can be allowed to go on without complaint
from the farmers along the rivers.
"Tbe engineers are ready to proceed
with the work as soon as the season will
permit, for the work must be done in the
summer.
"The dredger will clean out the bars in
the rivers farther down, and will admit a
greater flood of water and a swifter cur
rent to run in the channels and scour out
the river beds. This will be effective in
preventing overflows and damage along
the river.
"The Federal Government does not re
claim lands nor provide against floods. It
takes care that there shall be water at the
lowest stages in navigable rivers, and its
duty ends there."
NICHOLAS II IS FAILING.
| Continued from First __-__?«.]
conferences, will be authorized in pre
senting the Sultan with the proposals of
the powers to inform the Turkish Sul
tan that the powers are prepared to en
force their acceptance and operation. In
regard to the extent or character or the
method of applying the coercion meas
ures, however, nothing has been decided
upon.
A pretty good idea of the situation may
be gathered from the utterance of the
Vossische Zeitung. in which an article on
the subject says:
"The greatest task of the powers will
only begin when the question is forced on
them; that a long time will yet elapse
before the protocol, after being approved
by each of the Governments concerned in
its formulation, goes through the formal
diplomatic course of presentation to the
Porte. This formality having been .one
through with the proposals will be pre
sented to the Sultan by his Ministers, and
they will be certain to be referred back to
the Embassadors, throughout a prolonged
process of examining of communications
extending until 1898, unless events in the
meantime shall scatter tbe Sultan's plans
and compel the powers to play each its
own game. The plain truth is that now,
as before the so-called concert, the powers
are insincere and do not intend to take
concerted action in the matter of coercion,
and the Sultan knows that they do not."
Since tbe return of Baron Marschall yon
Bieberstein from recuperating in Switzer
land his old political opponents have re
opened their campaign against him and
much on the old lines. He has been ac
cused of influencing the Kaiser in renew
ing the tension of relations with Prince
Bismarck, inciting him against Count
Herbert Bismarck and trying to divert the
imperial policy generally towards favoring
the Anglo-Austrian rather than the Rus
sian policy in the East.
The Bismarckian papers, however, at
tribute a great deal more power to Baron
Marschall than he possesses. His influ
ence with the Kaiser is simply that of a
State servant who suggests little, but can
be relied upon to follow out his instruc
tions. Last of ail would be dare to make
suggestions which could be suspected ol
personal bias. A gauge of his position
may be taken from the fact that at the
recent conference between the Kaiser,
Count Muravieff and Prince Hoheniohe
the Baron Marschall had no conspicuous
place.
The Hamburg Correspondent, Baron
Marschall's organ, explains the absence
of the foreign minister from the dinners
given in honor of Count Muravieff by the
Imperial Chancellor. Prince Hoheniohe,
and the Russian Embassador, by saying
that his digestive organ?, which have re
cently been affected, were too weak to
justify him in undergoing the ordeal of a
banquet. He made his appearance at
these reunions, however, after the dining
was over. His speaking form in the
Reichstag, when be defended his course in
the prosecution of Baron yon Luetzow
ana his fellow libelen, was amiable, but
his face showed some traces of illness at
the conclusion of the effort. The impres
sion left by Count Muravieff is distinctly
that of friendship toward Germany. He
seems to bave no authority from the Czar
to go further than a general expression of
friendliness.
The appointment of several socialists to
the Reichstag committee on the bill
amending the assurance law is satisfying
to the socialists and has the assent of tbe
majority In the House. Dr. yon Boet
ticher, the imperial Home Minster, is in
clined to consider favorably the conces
sions which the labor party want, includ
ing an increase of compensation and home
representation of workmen on the Board
of Trades committees.
Prince Bismarck's presence at the Ira
peror Wilhelm fetes is now not expected.
Many old associates who desire to see him
the prominent figure at the Berlin ce'e
bration and who have urged him to be
present get the same reply — that his health
is variable and that his undertaking tho
journey, with its attendant excitements,
depends upon the advice of Drs. Schwen
inger and Chrysander.
The Prince will not admit that the We
-1 del-Count Herbert- incident, when the
Kaiser insisted upon the withdraw
al of Count Herbert Bismarck's in
vitation to the marriage of the
! daughter of Minister yon Wedel to Lieu
tenent Yon Bismarck-Behlen, a cousin of
Count Herbert, being considered as a pre
requisite to bis own presence at the wed
ding, has anything to .do with bis reluc
tance to attend ceremonies which will
bring him into contact with the Kaiser.
The feeling shared by many leaders in the
aristocracy is distinctly with the Wedel
family, who were compelled to obey the
Kaiser's behests. It will be remembered
that a void was left in Berlin society last
season by a number of tbe highest and
princely families absenting themselves
rom Berlin as a demonstration against
the Kaiser's ill-judged interference with
the private affairs of several high placed
personages. A similar movement again
seems imminent. If the Wedel affair had
occurred two months earlier there would
have been noticeable gaps in Berlin soci
ety tbis season.
The court ball which was held on
Wednesday was a perfect crush, 2000
guests being in attendance. The Empress
wore a satin gown, embroidered with gold
and silver arabesques and flowers fes
tooned over the bodice and skirt, a diadem
of brilliants and a collar of emeralds.
Mrs. Uhl, wife of the United States Em
bassador, wore a white brocade robe
trimmed with embroidered gold and dia
mond arabesques and real flowers.
The electoral campaign in Austria is
proving the most interesting and keenly
fought that the country has known. The
new German Popular party, which has
the warmest sympathies of kindr.d in
Germany, is actively working in Austria
proper, Bohemia, Styria and Silesia.
They hope to gain some thirty seats,
chiefly from their opponents, th. Clerical-
Anti-Semitic parties. Their programme
proposes the formation of a great German
party in Austria on the single basis of
nationality, tbe union of the middle classes
with a view toward gradual social reforms
free from socialistic theories, but still op
posed to the crowing preponderance of
capitalism.
Perhaps the most interesting of the
many manifestoes covering the walls in
all the _?*_.ai towns is that of the Austrian
Episcopate, signed by five cardinals, four
archbishops and twenty-six bishops. It
advises voters to vote for men who will
pledge themselves to defend the princi
ples and interests of the church, notably
that of religious education against the
attacks of the anti-religious.
The new category of deputies to be
elected for the first time by universal suf
frage and who will number seventy-three
out of 428 members of the Reichsrath
will, according to all appearances, be
composed of anti-Semites and Socialists.
The speech of Sir Michael Hicks- Beach,
Chancellor of the Exchequer, in the Brit
ish House ol Commons, on the position
of Great Britain in Egypt, the renewal of
the troubles in Crete and the relapse of
the Paris Bourse caused a marked de
pression on the Bourse yesterday. Fon
tigues lost from % to I*., per cent, Aus
trian credits 2}i and bank shares 1 per
cent.
Ou Friday the executive committee of
the trades guilds held a meeting at which
was discussed a motion supported by the
Socialists in favor of admitting domestic
servants and prisoners working in the
jails to the benefits of the law regarding
the guilds. After a somewhat warm de
bate the motion was rejected. The com
mittee subsequently agreed to admit
smiths, brewers and a number of other
trades. _^^_^_^^_^_
WARSHIPS IA A HVHUICAJIE.
Anxiety for the t quad ron hat Left
Hampton Roads 'i hursday.
CHARLESTON, S. C. Feb. 7.— The ex
pected warships did not arrive to-day.
The water front was lined with anxious
people all day, but no gunboat came over
the horizon line.
The Clyde liner Commanche, some
hours overdue, came in to-night from
New York, and had not spoken the war
ships at Hampton Roads Thursday morn
ing. Captain Pennington told of a severe
storm encountered off the capes on Satur
day, and from bis description of it tne
warships must have caught it. The ships
that left Hampton Roads on Thursday
were the cruiser N w York, the battle
ship Maine, tbe cruiser Minneapolis and
the monitor Amphitrite. This last-named
vessel is built with a very low fr. eboard,
and it is thought would have an extreme
ly rough time in a storm.
At a late hour to-night the warships bad
not been reported, but it is confidently ex
pected they will show up in the morning.
PECULIARLY PATHETIC 'CASE.
Paralyzed Veteran Secures a Pension
and the Aews Kills Dim.
HUBBELL, Nebb., Feb. 7.— A peculiar
and pathetic case, illustrating the futility
of belated justice, occurred here to-day.
Lewis Reiser, an old soldier, had been for
tbe past fifteen years a paralytic, his sole
attendant being his aged wi c, whose care
and fidelity were unsurpassed. Some
time ago he applied for a pension, Con
gressman Hainer visited Mr. Kai-erand
indorsed bis application. Yesterday he
wired the veteran that his bill allowing
him $72 a month had passed the Senate
and only awaited the signature of the
Pre ident. The news was gratifying, but
the shock was too much. Mr. Kaiser died
at 6 o'clock this morning and his loyal
wife suddenly finds her years of unswerv
ing duty and devotion fittingly rewarded.
Fraternal Aid Association,
WICHITA, Ka___, Feb. 7.— The Cali
fornia delegation to the National Council
of tbe Fraternal Aid Association, which
meets in this city Tuesday, arrived to
night. It is composed of the following:
Past President J. H. Frederick of Orange;
J. W. Ham ble of San Jos» ; C. F. Young
of Los Angeles; William Scott of Grange.
temale Suspects Released.
HAVANA, Cuba, Feb. 7.— of tbe
female political suspects who were brought
here from the province of Puerto Principe
were released yesterday from the Casa'Re
cogidas, or woman's penitentiary.
Charles 11. Brooke Dead.
NEW BRIGHTON, S. 1., Feb. 7.—
Charles W. Brooke, the international
lawyer, is dead. '
Sanborn, V_.il & Co. have removed their re
tail p. cture department from second to main
floor, adjoining frame department. Picture
buyers will find tbe change a great conven
ience. . *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1897.
ON THE NEEDS
OF THE COUNTRY
Long of Massachusetts Sets
Forth S3me Interesting
Views.
Tariff Schedules Shou'd Be So
Adjusted as to Provide Suf
ficient Revenue.
_________
H?arli'y in F .vor of an Arbitration
Treaty With Englani and Other
Foreign P. wers-
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. B.— The World
this morning prints the following as the
views of ex-Governor John D. Long of
Massachusetts on the problems confront
ing the incoming administration, as given
to a correspondent of that paper. In giv
ing his opinions ex-Governor Long reiter
ates that no definite tender of the Secreta
ryship of the Navy has been made to him,
although he has been invited to take a
place in the new Cabinet.
Ex-Governor Long declined to discuss
financial questions as beyond his pro
vince, and continued:
"I believe that the tariff schedules can
be so adjusted by the incoming Congress
that the present very unfortunate condi
tion of our inadequate revenue can be
rectified and adequate receipts secured.
The revision can be so arranged as not to
oppress our foreign trade or diminish cus
tom revenues. I see no reason why, with
ample revenue, the treasury gold balance
should not take care of itself.
"As to the Cuban question, the Presi
dent and Congress are leaving it just
where it ought to stand. What may be
the effect of any unexpected develop
ments in Cuba no one can now predict,
but whatever at any time may be the situ
ation, then will be the time to meet it with
wisdom and regard for international obli
gations. I should deplore any condition
tbat would necessarily invite war, a threat
of war, or anything to impair the present
promise of better times and era of peace.
"I am most heartily in favor of an arbi
tration treaty with England or any other
power. * * * lt is a step and a very
great one in the advance of human civili
zation.
"Whether the free-silver movement is
dead or not depends upon many consider
ations. I regarded it as a manifestation of
certain conditions that found expression
in that way and which might have been
expressed in another manner. An era oi
prosperity or an international agreement
will settle it. If the good times I confi
dently expect progress we will hear noth
ing of free silver throughout the country.
"Of course tbe Republican party should
welcome the co-operation of the sound
money Democrats; that is only Baying
that tbe Republican party should wel
come the co-operation of good citizens.
It ought to welcome not only sound
money Democrats, but all Democrats who
will co-operate with it in the cause of good
government, good finance and good times.
"I do not see why any proper demands
in reference to trusts or any other form of
the consolidations of capital or labor
should not be forced. It depends on
whether they are so drawn as to com
mand public sentiment and have its back
ing. Next comes the question of the
proper regulation of the forces and inter
ests existing at any particular time. These
forces and interests, at bottom, are all in
harmony, yet there is often a seeming
conflict.
"After all, this conflict is only the com
petition and manifestation of energies
which make up life and which work out
ultimate. progress and common welfare
and cause each century to advance on its
predecessors."
PEOPLE'S PARTY POLICY.
Leaders Differ on the Question of Per
petuating the Late Alliance With
the Democracy,
BOSTON, Maps., Feb. 7.— At a meeting
of the state Central Committee of the
People's Party of Massachusetts in Com
mercial Hall Saturday, officers were
| elected with George F. Washburn as
1 chairman. A resolution was adopted "af
firming the National platform adopted at
St. Louis and declining to recognize any
other authority as a ruide to our political
welfare." The following letter was given
out by Chairman Washburn:
Hon. J. A. Edrniston, Secretary National Com
mittee People's Party, Lincoln, Web.— Dear
Sir: I congratulate you on your very able
letter. It is plausible and will do credit to any
lawyer with a witness, but you hav9 not made
plain why two parties should force one Issue,
nor have you reasoned away the actual dan
gers that threaten the life of our party and
reform press. Ido not favor the abandonment
of silver or any change in the platform, and
my apn' al must not be construed to mean
that. You do not discriminate between planks
and issues. Our platform contains many
planks, but the platform was fought on one is
sue, though we did not abandon the other
planks. We made a subordinate plank the
issue, trusting to win by an alliance. By the
order of the platform scientific money comes
first. ■-:',
We forced the Democrats to champion sil
ver, but we stand reedy to defend it when
necessary. I have received hundreds of let
ters coming from nearly every State in the
Union, representing every faction of the party
and Including nearly every leader, and the
unanimous sentiment sustains my appeal.
Your letter bears the distinction of being the
only one opposed to silver that the Rocky
Mountain News has so far received.
While I do not ascribe to you the intention,
nevertheless your plan of having an identical
issue with the Democrats would result in a
union of the Populist lamb and th ■ Tammany
tiger, but with the former inside the latter.
While it was possible to unite during a fight
ing campaign, it is not wise to continue the
union during the educational one. Your plan
would force us to follow the Democrats under
their banner when we should lead them under
our own. Your plan would humiliate our
brave people, whiie mine would inspire and
ennoble them.
You favor retaining a subordinate plank as
the issue. I favor mailing the main one, which
includes yours, the Issue. You favor a plan
that would factionize the party anddivide the
W.st and Soutb. I favor a plan that would
unite all factions and lead to victory. You
favor a plan that would suppress our mam
pia ks. 1 favor a plan that would open them
to discussion when the people want to talk
about them. You favor a plan that would add
thousands of adherents to another part..- 1
favor one that would add thousands of adhe
rents to our own.
Fusion for a campaign may be politics, but
permanent fusion on identical issues means
absorption and disintegration for our party.
Disintegration from the same cause killed the
Greenback party. Why should we Invite a
similar fate? *•
You favor an issue that may be abandoned
by the Democrats through gsome form o;
compromise. I favor a plan that cannot be
affect d by these changes. You favor a plan
that would enable the Democrats to absorb
Populists and pave the way for a union of the
two wings of Democracy, leaving the future ol
reform but a forlorn hope. l favor a plan that
would force the. Democrats to our positions
rather than to recede from theirs. You favor
a plan that would wreck and ruin the reform
papers of the land. I favor a dan that would
preserve and prosper them.
Should other questions absorb the attention
of the people, or should UM Republicans se
cure an international agreement, it would
leave the silver forces strand.-d without any
(MM, and afford them an excuse for backslid
ing. The issues I fay >r are the ones that will
command th . attention of the people during
the next four years. "Why attempt to force
one issue when the people will discuss the
others? This move on the part of the Popu
lists will place our party at the head of the
column of reform, with the Democrats pro
tecting the rear. Our defense of the green
backs will add thousands of voters to our
ranks.
The radicals of to-day are the conservatives
of to-morrow. if we educate the people be
tween elections on scientific money, metal
money will become the conservative measure
of tne future, until the invariable paper dollar
shall also take its turn and become the money
of all nations. The next battle may be fought
on scientific versus metal money. .
There will be an informal, unofficial confer
ence in Memphis, Term., on February 22. It
will be attended by leaders of our party from
every section of the country. I believe the res
olutions adopted at that time will be so em
phatic in favor of independent action as to
lead to official indorsement by our National
Committee. In favoring a separate conference
you have unwisely added to the confusion.
Yours fraternally, *
George F. Washburn.
HASyA'S St..\A l olilAL BOOM.
Senator Perkins Says Washington Senti-
ment Strongly Favor* Htm.
CANTON, Ohio. Feb. 7.— Major McKin
ley attended church this morning. Sena
tor Perkins, secretary of the National
Committee, who has charge of the perma
nent headquarters in Washington, arrived
in Canton to-night. He came by way of
Cleveland, where he had a long interview
with Mr. Hanna about the work and plans
of the committee. Mr. Perkins said:
"The sentiment in favor of the appoint
ment of Mr. Hanna to the Senate of the
United States is very strong in Washing
ton and seems to be national in scope, for
0 is exppressed and echoed daily by pub
lications from all parts of the country.
The Republicans who come here think
Mr. Hanna's services to the country and
to the party, which were freely given and
without thought of reward, are deserving
of substantial recognition, and tbat the
people of Ohio could hardly do less than
to send him to the Senate."
Mr. Hanna's friends in Cleveland are
pretty open in the assertion that he will
not accept a Cabinet portfolio. It devel
ops here from talks with prominent men
who have visited Major McKinley re
cently that he does not expect to make
any appointments to the diplomatic and
consular service until the extra session is
well under way. His notion is that the
business of the country ought to be at
tended to before the work of apportioning
the patronage is taken up.
SVUTH DAKOTA'S DEADLOCK
May Lead to the Flection of a Bepubli-
can S, u.i tor.
PIERRE, S. Dak., Feb. 7.-Judge John
son, the member of the Democratic
National Committee, who has been sent
on from Washington to look after the
Senatorial difficulty, has arrived. He is
reported to have said that be is not sent
and does not intend to interfere or at
tempt to interfere as between the different
free silver candidates. He simply comes
to examine and report upon the situation.
There is no doubt there is great uneasi
ness at Washington lest a Republican be
elected. Mr. Johnson's mission is to try
to unite the different factions upon some
one candidate who is a thorough ex
ponent of free silver, be he Populist or
Democrat.
WENT DOWN A TRESTLE.
An Excursion Train on the Cumberland
and Pennsylvania Road Wrecked
by an Ice Gorge.
CUMBERLAND, Md., Feb. 7.— An ex
cursion train on the Cumberland and
Pennsylvania Railroad, a brancn feeder of
the Baltimore and Ohio, went down a
trestle at Franklin Mine, Md., at mid
night last night. There were fifteen pas
sengers on board.
John Howard, fireman of the train,
jumped from the engine as it was topplin_
over and received injuries from which he
died to-day. Engineer Ross was also fa
tally injured.
The accident was caused by the center
props of the trestle being knocked down
and carried away by an ice gorge.
UAiox pacific affaius.
Special Master Appointed for the United
■ Stites Circuit Court.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Feb. 7.— Judge San
born of the United States Circuit Court,
sitting in chambers, yesterday signed an
order appointing William D. Cornish of St.
Paul, Minn., special master for the court,
to receive all intervening petition? that
may be filed in the case of the United
Siates against the Union Pacific Railroad.
The master is also authorized to examine
and report upon all accounts submitted by
the receivers of the same railway com
pany. «
The petition of the city of Cheyenne,
asking for an extension for two years of its
contract with the Union Pacific, was con
sidered and an order entered granting the
same. It appears that several years ago
the city of Cheyenne, being on the point
vi building water works, made a contract
with the Union Pacific lor a low rate of
freight on all material to be used in the
work of construction, in return for whicn
tbe city agreed to build a viaduct over the
tracks of the company. The contract ex
pired some weeks ago, but the water works
are not finished, hence a renewal of the
contract was rendered necessary.
DURAAGO'S GO VERA OR dead.
After a Feast Be Retiree to His Room
and Suddenly Expires.
DURANGO, Mex., Feb. 7.— News has
reached hereof tbe sudden death of Colonel
Juan Manuel 'Flores, Governor of the
State ot Darango. Governor Flores was
un a visit to the mining town of Santiago
Papasquiaro and bad attended a leas,
given in his honor. Immediately after
eating be retired to a room and was found
lead a few minutes later. Governor
Flores was well known throughout Mex
ico. Cipnano Gn rrero bas been appointed
acting Governor. . .•/■*.
."outh Dakota After tlie Trusts.
PIERRE, S. Dak., Feb. 7.— The Senate
yesterday passed the bill prohibiting the
formation of monopolies or trusts witbin
tbe State, or any corporation or company
in this State acting as agents for trust-
which will limit production or fix the r
prices to the detriment of tbe public. The
i enalty is a fine of not less than $5000 or
more than $10,000 for the first offense and
not less than $10,000 nor more than $20,000
for the second offense.
Aged Italia » General Dead.
ROME, Italy. Feb. 7 —General Rafaela
Cadorn, one of the best known of Italian
soldiers, died to-day. He waa born in
Milan in 1815.
CLOSING DAYS OF
THIS CONGRESS
Much Important Work in
the Hands of the
Senate.
Indications That the Arbitration
Treaty Will Be Talked
To Death.
W bile the Nicaragua Canal Bill and
Cameron Reso ntioas Are to
Be Sidetracked.
WASHINGTON, D. C. Feb. 7.— Three
weeks and three working days only re
main of this Congress, and there are
marked evidences on the part of the Sen
ate to catch up with some of the work that
has been neglected. Appropriation bills
cause little uneasiness, for tbey can be
speedily passed, and, besides, no great
harm would follow, in view of the extra
session which is to be called lor March 15,
if some of these bills fail to become
laws before the 4ih of March.
The arbitration treaty with ; Great
Britain will be taken up to-morrow, Sher
man having given notice to that effect.
The chairman of the Foreign Relations
Committee is very sanguine, and expects
to see the treaty promptly ratified. He
will ask the Senate to remain in secret
session bo that tbey may be able to reach
a vote on it by Tuesday if possible.
Sherman's sanguine views are not
shared by other Senators, who are prob
ably better informed as to the feeling of
the Senate on the matter.
Hale fears that 'he opponents of tbe
treaty may be able to defeat it. Other
Senators anticipate an organized effort to
start an interminable debate on the treaty,
with the view of holding it up until after
March 4. It is well known that several
Senators have prepared elaborate speeches
on the subject, and the men who are op
posed to the treaty are those who will de
bate it most.
When the treaty is called up to-morrow
a motion will be made to have the discus
sion proceed with open doors. It is doubt
ful if this will prevail, but a very consid
erable vote will favor it.
As a result of a conference of the Repub
lican and Democratic steering commit
tees tbe Nicaragua bill, owing to the fili
bustering against it, will be dropped
to-morrow and the bankruptcy bill substi
tuted in its place as the regular order.
This action is not calculated to make
Morgan, who has been the special cham
pion of the Nicaraguau bill, any less vig
orous in his opposition to the arbitration
treaty, which he regards as being mixed
up with the Nicaragua question.
The Cameron resolutions, recognizing
the independence of the republic of Cuba,
which were supposed to have disappeared,
is a possible disturbing influence. They
are to be called up again by Morgan, but
the bankruptcy bill will probably be given
the right of way after tbe arbitration
treaty has consumed a couple of days.
Tba bill reported to the Senate differs
materially from the bill whicn passed the
House. Many speeches have been made
on it in the Senate.. .... ,
©The House bill provides merely for
voluntary bankruptcy and is drawn solely
in tbe interest of the creditor class. The
majority report to the Senate provides for
voluntary bankiuptcy except in cases of
fraud. The text of the proposed measure,
which made sixty-four pases when passed
by the House, has been condensed by the
Senate to eighteen pages. Hoar has made
-i minority report in favor of the House
measure, and Nelson, representing some
of the Western ideas, has prepared a sub
stitute for sixteen of the sections of the
bill reported by Teller on behalf of the
minority of the committee.
Following the bankruptcy bill tbe Sen
ate may take up the Hawaiian cable
measure, providing for the payment of
$160,000 a year for twenty years to a com
pany building and maintaining a cab c
be ween the United States and Honolu v
and between Honolulu and Japan. There
is no prospect, however, of . this measure
becoming a law during this Congress.
On Wednesday next both Houses of
Congress will go through the form of
counting and declaring the vote which
will make Mr. McKinley the next Presi
dent of the United States and Mr. Hobart
Vice-President and President of the Sen
ate.
Statements as to probable protests and
interruptions are regarded as most un
likely of development.
Pursuant to the law of 1887 the Senate
and House of Representatives will meet
in joint convention in the Hall of Repre
sentatives at 1 p. M. and consider a form
of proceedings prescribed by that law, the
votes of the several States will be opened,
tbe vote . will be counted and the result
will be declared by the Vice-President of
the United Slates. This declaration will
be ihe only official not fication which Mr.
McKinley and Mr. Hobart will receive of
the high offices conferred upon them.
They will take official cognizance of the
facts without requiring a "communica
tion in writing."
TO REDUCE _P-S.A__iO-.V ..GEACIBS.
A'umber to Be Limited to Sine Instead of
Eighteen.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 7.— The
President has signed, on the recommenda
tion of Secretary of the Interior Francis,
an important order reducing the number
of pension agencies in the United States
from eighteen to nine. Th* object of the
order ijT.o eSect a very large saving to the
Government without inconveniencing the
pensioners. This demonstrates that by
this redaction of the pension agencies the
cost of disbursing pensions can b. re
duced, by at least $150,000 per annum.
Under the consolidation tbe pensioners
heretofore paid at Dcs Moines and To
p>ka are to be paid from i St. Louis, where
a new agency i. established.
A new agency is established at St. .Louis
because of the better mail facilities than
at Dcs Moines or Topeka and for the
further reasons that there isa Govern
ment building at St. Louis which can be
occupied without cost to the Government.
- The following are the nine agencies and
the number of pensioners paid thereat
under the new order: Boston, 94 357;
70000000
People know Hood's Sarsaparlda is the best
medicine ever produced becau c it cures when
all others fail. Seventy millions of people have
an abiding confidence in the curat ye power of
Hood's
Sarsaparilla
The best— ln fact the One True Blood Purifier..,
H_r___rl*_. Dille are tasteless, mild; effec-
11UUU _> fills tive- All druggists; 25c.
*.•*.
New York, 98,833; Philadelphia, 106 735;
Washington, 140,-65; Columbus, 104 492;
Indianapolis. 116066; Chicago, 125.123;
St. Louis. 161.703; San Francisco, 23,098.
Total, 974 678.
The change is made possible by the law
requiring pensioners to be pad by checks
remitted by mail. It goes into eff-ct
September 1 next.
*
ISJCBIES OF .HE BBOOKLYX.
A Broken Propeller in Addition to Her
Dam-tried Bottom.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Feb. 7.— The
damaged cruiser Brooklyn was brought
from Marcus Hook to League Island Navy
Yard this afternoon. The trip was not
made under the Brooklyn's own steam,
but she was towed by four tugs, and one
of the most experienced pilots on the
river was in cnarge of the cruiser. To
night the vessel is anc: <red in the Dela
ware River off Leairue Inland and will
probably be put in the dry dock there to
undergo repairs on Tuesday. It was dis
covered by a diver that in addition to
damaging her bottom when she struck, a
piece a foot-long and six inches wide was
broken off one of the blades of the pro
peller on the port side.
Ex-Priest Slattery Mobbed.
PHILADELPHIA. Pa., Feb. 7— When
ex- Priest Joseph Slattery concluded his
lecture at Industrial Art Hall tbis even
ing and appeared at the door to take his
carriage to his botel a mob gathered. Two
policemen got in the carriage with Slat
tery and his wife and drove off. The
crowd at the hall was he'd in check hy
the police, but parties of men and boys
armed with stones an i brick s were lying
in wait in the alleys along Broad stree'.
As tbe carriage passed these points vol
leys of stones greeted it. The windows
were smashed. Policeman Clements was
cut over the right eye, Policeman Doris'
finger was slightly cut and Slattery had a
similar injury. They reached the hotel
safely, but the carriage was badly wrecked.
Portugal. .\ etc Ministry.
LISBON, Portugal, Feb. 7.— The new
Ministry to replace the Rubeire Cabinet,
which resigned on Friday owing to the
fact that it was unable to deal with the
economic and financial situation now ex
isting, will include Senhor Tucano de Cas
tro, who will be Prime Minister and Min
ister of the Interior; Senhor de Barros de
Gomez, Minister of Marine, and also Min
ister of Foreign Affairs pending the re
turn of Senhor de Carvalho from the
Quirinal, where he is now Minister Pleni
potentiary, and Senhor Frederico Garcia,
Minister oi Finance.
Mishap to a G-rman Steamer.
HAVRE, France, Feb. 7.— While the
German steamer Polaria, Captain Gron
meyer, from Hamburg for New Orleans,
was entering this port to-day, she ran into
a pier ani damaged her bow.
Senator Harris Improving.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 7.—Sena
tor Harris passed a quiet and comfortable
day, ano. to-night is resting easily. He is
quite weak, but his doctor thinks he will
from now on gain strength.
Kstrwegietm Bark Stranded.
DUNKIRK, N. V., Feb. 7.— The Norwe
gian bark Manitoba went ashore near this
port, for which she was bourn). She is Iv
ing in a critical position. All of her crew
are safe.
MAXIM'S .NEW GUN.
New Machine of Destruction Fires Four
I i in «- _ in Three Seconds.
A new machine gun, which it is confi
dently expected, will cause more damage
to life and property than any other quick
firing piece hitherto known to science,
was introduced to public notice, and its
construction and capabilities explained
by Mr. Hiram S. Maxim, in a lecture at
tbe Royal United Service Institution yes
terday. A sample of the gun was on view
in an anteroom <Jf the -Buita-io**.
. It was pointed out that this was .the first
fully automatic ' gun above 1 1-2
inches which had been an unqualified
success. With this new terror a gunner
who knows bis business can deal out four
nine-pound shots in a shade under three
seconds without even so much as taking
his eye off the object to be attended to or
his finger off the trigger. The danger of
death to the gunner by the explosion of a
cartridge while the breech is open has
been rendered impossible by the applica
tion of a simple device which prevents the
gun being opened until the charge has
been fired.
This may seem a slight matter, but Mr.
Maxim holds that nowadays, when the
full mental pressure of the scientist is
being brought to bear on the invention of
new machines for the rapid annihilation
of an enemy, the risk of accident to those
wno work the complicated mechanism is
found to increase. Hence the emphasis
laid by the lecturer upon this feature of
the new gun. — London Mail.
The Mosque of St. Sophia at Constanti
nople was built over 1000 years ago, and
the mortar used is said to hav-. been
perfumed with musk. The musky odor is
still perceptible.
NEW TO-DAT.
jy GIFT DIYL*
Cl Wednesday, Feb. 10. F §
N **-a_____S'^ Nii;*^
EVERY PURCHASE AMOUNTING TO 25 CENTS OR OVER. ,
YOUR CHOICE
A Bottle of Peri Shampoo,
A Box of Peri Face Powder,
A Cake of Dr. Weizman's Skin Soap.
COME ONE, COME ALL I
§ WALLER BROS., *S?
CUT-RATE /W\
DRUGGISTS, bskm
|33 QUIT AYE., Cor. Geary St. \^Jr
__. A.Bertelln? Prea. H. ..ordman. Vlc»-Pr__.
A. W. Kir__. sea Jos. 2. ordman. Treat '..
427 KHARNY STREET,
Is tbs very best place to bave your eyes examine!
and fitted to glasses with Instruments exclusively
our own, whose superiority has not yet oeea
equaled.
We . have no rivals. We valne onr reputation;
we guarantee satisfaction, and depend solely upon
the merits of oar worlc tor success.
TO CONTROL THE
WORLD'S ALCOHOL
-
Ambit Plans of the
American Spirits
Company.
President Rice Tells How the
Revenue Requirements
Handicap Trade.
If the F.uid Is Sent Abroad in Tank
Steamers Foreign M rkets Can
B> Competed With.
CHICAGO, 111., Feb. The Herald
this morning says: If the ambitious
plans of S. M. Ri. c are realized, the
American Spirits Manufacturing Com
pany, of which he . is president, .vill
soon lo<k horns with the alcohol pro
ducers of Europe in an effort to control
the alcohol markets of the world. Mr.
Rice arrived from • New York yesterday
and was in conf rence all day with Levy
Mayer. Angelo Myers of Philadelphia,
principal distiller for the company, came
on fiom Phiadelphia to attend the confer
ence.
President Rice is after the alcohol pro
ducers of Germany, Hungary and Rou
mania. For years American manufac
turers of spirits have been unable to com
pete with them in markets consuming
more than 100,000,000 gallons of spirits,
owing to the technical requirements of the
United States revenue laws. The mere
sub Mention of tank cars for barrels in
shipping spirits to the seabord will en
able American distillers to compete in
foreign markets, and incidentally furnish
an outlet for nearly 20,000,000 bushels of
corn every year.
It has been rstimated that the removal
of that volume of grain trom a surplus
that is steadily increasing would raise tbe
price of core 4or 5 cents a bushel. It is
now selling at prices ranging from Bto 12
cents a bushel on the farm.
"All we ask," said Colonel Rice yester
day afternoon, "is a chance to forward
alcohol to the seaboard in tankcars.
There it. will be transferred to tank steam
ers, just as petroleum is now handled.
The present revenue laws require all dis
tillers to immediately put alcohol in bar
rels and store the product in Government
warehouses. The single item of cooperage
makes it impossible for American distillers
to compete in the European market,
at present is supplying the world. The
selling price of a barrel of alcohol to-day is
about $5 43, of which $4 represents the
value of the alcohol and $1 45 for the bar
rel. It is obvious that we cannot hope to
get control of freign markets as long as
we are forced to pay $1 45 for every pack
age containing goods valued at $4.
"The plan we are working on now,"
Colonel Rice continued, "is to have the
revenue laws so modified that distillers
would be allowed to store alcohol in huge
tanks under Government control, draw
the spirits out into tank cars under Gov
ernment supervision and forward the
goods in bond in these cars to the sea
board. - That would enable us to entirely
eliminate an enormous expenditure fo<
barrels and the freight thereon, and im
mediately put us on a basis where compe
tition with European producers would be
possible.
"The distillers of Germany, Hungary
and Roumania control, in addition to
their own markets, the other markets of
Europe and those of Japan, China and
the African coast, where vast quantities
are used. To open such an enormous con
sumption to American producers would
be of great benefit to the farming ele
ment." '
Killed by a Collision.
ATLANTA, Ga., Feb. 7. -A special to
tbe Constitution from Montgomery says a
head-end collision occurred a mile south
of McGhees on the Louisville and Nash
ville Railroad, near Montgomery, this
morning at 6:15 o'clock, resulting in the
death of two men and serious injury to a
third one. Tbe dead are Engineer Sydney
Kirtland and Fireman J. S. Weller, both
ol Montgomery.
•CK>o<X>oo-*-><><--0-C* i
AN EXCELLENT
"If 7n~7 A T Properly prepared and
IVUd AL Promptly served, can .
AVAJ— 4mm mmmmmst always be obtained in 1
THE GRILL ROOM OF THE/
Decidedly the r\ AT a Sll"*
Most Popular HAI A I L
Dining Apart- A A ___._!__/___ JLV»_il—
ment in town. ______.M.iiiMH____.__________________________________i
0000000000000CARSON AWAITS
STUART'S COMING
The Kingpin of the Sports
Scheduled to Arrive
To-Day.
Will Be Greeted as a Monarch
. Going Forth Among His
People.
-
Champion Corbett May Train at the
Famous "Sandy" Bowers
Mansion.
CARSON, Nev., Feb. 7.— This being
Sunday, all was quiet in Carson. Most of
the members of the Legislature spent the
day with friends, and there was a lull in
authentic prize-ring gossip.
The Western Union is about to string
extra wires from Eeno to Carson. The
business is already rapidly increasing and
the two wires out of Carson are taxed to
handle the work. Newspapers all over
the United States continue to encage
quarters for their men. The London Tele
graph will nave a personal lepresentative
and an artist here. All the photograph
_ ers, typewriters and shorthand writers in
the city are being engaged at their own
prices and kept busily at work.
Stuart expected to arrive to-morrow, but
it is not believed that he can make con
nections before Tuesday, although he may
reach the city at 4 to-morrow afternoon.
He telegraphs Wbeelock several times a
day, and Wheelock cannot walk along the
street from the telegraph office without
being pounced upon by 100 people wild
for news.
The contest between Carson and Reno
seems about over, as the indications are
that it has already been settled by the
leaders in favor of Carson.
Edward Cooke, the agent for Corbett,
returned this morning from Walleys
■ Springs, and said he was well pleased
with that place as a site for training quar
ters, but he wanted a handball court. He
will go to-morrow to Bowers' Mansion in
Washoe County, to see what advantages
■it offers. It is the famous house of stone,
built years ago by "Sandy" Bowers at an
expense of $600,000, in the flush days of
' the South End. He cleared $1,000,000 in a
few months on a deal in Comstock stock,
and built bis mansion at the foot of a
• rugped mountain, where a hot spring
" bubbled forth.
The- hinges on the doors cost $100 apiece,
' and the furnishines all came from Europe.
Tne place was once famous for its grand
entertainments and at least $100,000 worth
of champagne was disposed of at those
big suppers of "Sandy" Bowers' givtn to
the elite of Nevada the year his wife (now
telling fortunes for a livelihood) was pre
• sented to the Queen of England. There is
a bowling alley connected with the nlace
and this, Cooke believes, will be just the
' spot for a handball court for Corbett to
practice m, while the big stone edifice j
■ will house 100 people.
"FITZ" JA FIAE FETTLE.
Ihe Antipodean Tells What He Expect*
to Do to Corbett.
. CHICAGO, 111., Feb. 7.— A special to
the Tribune from New York says: With
in a week, probably, or next Wednesday
.Fitzsimmons will depart for Nevada to
make final preparations for meeting James
J. Corbett on March 17, in what, ';" it is
universally admitted, will be the greatest
pugilistic event in the annals of fistiana.
Corbett has been training assiduously
for tbis fight for some months, until at
the present moment be is in condition to
do battle. Fitzsimmons, on the other
hand, started in to take exercise and that
of a light character, only ten days ago.
Tbis delay in beginning heavy training is
in stronely- marked contrast to Fitzsim
mons' behavior on all former occasions, as
it- has been customary with him, when
matched for a 'fight, to move with his
family and belongings to some quiet
place, where he systematically carried out
a prescribed system of training some
months before the event. His failure to
act according to his time-honored custom
in this the most important battle of his
career has given rise to much speculation
among the sporting fraternity.
■• Corbett's friends are loud in proclaim
ing their doubts of the antipodean's sin
. cerity. To these cynics it will be more or
less gratifying to learn that, first of all,
Fitzsimmons' prime condition releases
" hm from a long siege of heavy training,
and secondly, that bis delayed departure
' for Nevada is due entirely to the serious
■illness of a member of bis family, a crisis
lor better or for worse having been daily
expected.
Could these same critics see Fitsim
-_pons, well muffled up and wearing
■ sweater and cap, trudging along in the
. morning to and around Central Park on
k his twelve-mile jaunt and returning to his
_6tel dripping with perspiration, tbey
would think differently. And, perhaps,
could these alarmists follow Fitz to his
room in the Bartholdi Hotel and see him
strip for his exercise with the dumbbells
and wrist machine, and note his condi
• tion, they would hesitate long before
again commenting unfavorably on the
Cornish man.
; Bob Fitzsimmons is in superb condition
for this fight, and he looks it. His flesh is
firm and smooth, bis muscles hard but
pliable, while his massive chest and back
denote great strength and power. His
face and eyes show that he is not dissi
pated. In fact, he could not possibly be
in any better physical condition than he
is at present, and he knows it.
While he was being rubbed with alcohol
after his bath to-day, Fitzsimmons said:
"So the latest talk is that I am not
training properly? Well, I suppose that
Corbeti's friends will want me to follow
their instructions. It should be just their
.'pie if I don't get right and my loss. Such
kickers and cranks I never beard of. Why
tbey will expect me to tight to their direc
tions soon. I hay. beard so much talk
lately about what I am doing and what
Corbett is going to do to me on March 17
that I often wonder where the tales come
from. Well, I don't care what people
..think about my training. lam going to
(do the lighting and know just how I
should.be. 1 feel great and am fit to enter
.the ring now. My wind is good and
strong, and the only thing necessary for
me iB to become acclimated to tbe high
altitude of Nevada. I will have four long
weeks to do this before the fight." '--»
"How do you propose to fight Corbett?"
•'I don't know; but be does, or rather
pays he does. I have seen where Corbett
says lam a tricky fighter. Perhaps I am,
but the best trick 1 know is landing my
fists on the jaw just hard enoueh to knock
men out, and I hope to show Mr. Corbett
how this little affair is accomplished. It
is nonsensical for him to talk about tricks.
What fighter does he know whom I have
tricked unless, as 1 say, be calls the knock
out a trick?"
"Corbett says that yon are rehearsing
several new blows for this fight. Is
that so?"
"Well, he must be a mind-reader.
Where does he get his information?
New blows for him? Not on his life.
Any of the other ones will suit me, and if
1 get my right or left to any part of bis
pompadour head he will hit the floor, and
hard. I don't think that he will get up,
either."
"Have you any idea* formed on the way
you shall fight Corbett?"
"No, I have not, and if I had I
would not tell. It is 'just this way
with me: 1 might make up my mind to
do a certain thing in a fight, when a blow
from my opponent, or even a feint, would
compel me to change my tactics. When I
meet Corbett my fighting will be governed
entirely by his movements. I may see
my opportunity in the first round, and,
then, it may take me several to find his
weakness. You may depend, however,
that I will find his weak points. I am
just as confident as ever that I will win."
"How many rounds will the fight last ?"
"How can I possibly tell you? That's
the xind of bluster Corbett indulges in,"
said Fitzsimmons with a disdainful look.
: Tben brightening up and clasping his
| hands he said: !§_*§§
"So Corbett is going to have a doctor in
his camp, hey? Well, is not that a bit
surprising to his friends? Now, there is
just one thing that I am going to insist
upon before we fight, and that is to have
my physician examine Corbett. I have
my own ideas why this should be done.
I know that this new Nevada law calls for <
a medical examination, but 1 want my
own physician to examine Corbett before
we fight. I bave had one peculiar experi
ence and 1 don't propose to have another
if I can help it."
COBB Ell GTOHS UA'EASY.
Fears That Fitzsimmons Ie Inviting
Official Interference.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Feb. The re
port telegraphed from New York two or
turee days ago that Fitzsimmons had torn
up tbe old articles of agreement and signed
a new one, in which provision is made for
a side bet of $5000 between the two big
men, gave Corbett some uneasiness. Com
menting on the subject to-day he said:
"What has Fitzsimmons got to do with
these articles, anyway? Now, I am not
saying a word about any side bet. 1 don't
say there is one or there is not one. But
Fitzsimmons has no articles to tear up,
and don't you forget it. This bluff of
Fitzsimmons' is just a red flag to the offi
cers of tne law, that's all. Why, we are
both under indictment there for arrang
ing a prize-fight in the State of New York;
and won't this talK of his be just a dead
tip to the officers that we had arranged a
fight?"
NEW BASEBALL RULES.
Umpire to Be Absolute Master of the
Field From Beginning to End
of the Game.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 7.— The
recommendations of the committee to
prepare new playing rules for the Na
tional League and American Association
of Professional Baseball Clubs has been
given out for* publication.' * Under the
caption, "The Umpire," the insertion of a
note calling attention to "advice to um
pires" printed in the addenda to the play
ing rules is recommended. It is as fol
lows:
You are the. absolute master of the field
from the beginning to the termination of the
game. You are by these rules given full au
thority to order any player, captain or man
ager, to do or omit to do an. act which you
may deem necessary to maintain your dignity
and compel respect from players and specta
tors.
No cnanges are recommended in the
rules governing the playing of the game
proper, the changes being more in the na
ture of improving tbe discipline surround
ill-- the game and making certain rules
less ambiguous. The report concludes:
We are emphatically of the opinion that
whenever trouble has arisen on the ball field
it has invariably been caused by the fact that
the umpire ha* failed to observe the rules.
Manyiruporta.it rules which have been cre
ated to maintain the dignity of the game have
become "dead letters" and Inoperative, simply
because the umpires have declined to enforce
them. This we consider radically wrong. It
is useless to adopt rules or make changes in
rules already adopted unless the rules are en
forced by the umpires.
James a. Hart, Chairman.
Lasker Won as Usual.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 7.— Laaker
and Tischigoriu played a game of chess in
St. Petersburg yesterday. Tischigorin
opened with an Evans gambit. Lasker
won alter fifty- even moves.
TACOMA CLERK'S REVENGE.
Denied Increased Salary by the Northern
Pacific, He Issues Many
Passes.
TACOMA, Wash., Feb. 7.— A sensation
in railroad circles has been caused here
during the past week by the announce-
ment that more tban adozen passes of the
Northern Pacific Railroad were in the
hands of people who had no right to them.
Systematic investigation by railroad de
tectives was commenced, resulting 'in the
discovery that at least one of these passes
had fallen into the hands of ticket-scalp-,
ers, who were making remunerative use
oi it. Another result has been the dis
missal of Clerk Eaton from the oflice of
Assistant Superintendent Pearee, where
he had been employed since Pearee came
from St. Paul last fall.
Eaton was formerly employed in tbe St.
Paul offices and later in the land depart
ment under Paul Scbulze. He was
out of work for a time after Scbulze's
deatb, but having a family was soon given
another position. He asked for an in
crease in salary at the beginning of the
year. It was not granted, and it is
claimed tbat he then made use of the
signed pastes, which were in his pos
session, either to increase bis income or
to settle personal bills. He was given a
severe overhauling by the legal depart
ment, but it is understood there will be no
prosecution. The passes were good over
the western divisions of the road.
WATSOA* ILLE'S MYSTERY.
Sheriff Bees Believes Watchman Alford
Committed Suicide.
WATSONVILLE, Cal.. j_eb. 7.— The
inquest in the case of Night Watchman
John W. Alford, who was found dying
with a pistol wound in the head on the
street yesterday morning, will be held to
morrow. People here are still divided be
tween the theories of suicide and murder.
Sheriff Besae, who came from Santa Cruz,
believes it to be a case of suicide, and so
does Dr. Watters, who first, examined the
body. . The question as to whether the
pistol had been recently fired, or whether
it was Alford 's custom to keep one cham
ber empty, will be investigated by the
Deputy Coroner. Tbe .funeral -of Alford
took place this afternoon.
Sanborn, Vail & Co. have, the best leather
goods department In San Francisco. Always
something new In ladies' pocket books, alli
gator bags, valises, card and letter cases, bill
books, etc. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, % FEBRT7ARY 8, 1897.
ENGINE CRASHES
INTO COACHES
Southern Pacific Passenger
Trains in Collision
Near Chico.
The Engineer of One Too Hasty
in Attempting to Pass at
a Siding.
ti '• "■■ "■■■
Two Men Sustain Fractured Bones
and Others Recsive a Rough
Shaking.
CHICO, Cal., Feb. 7.— Northbound Ore
gon express No. 15, on the Shasta division
of the Southern Pacific Railway, was in
collision this morning with southbound
express No. 16 at Notd station, seven
miles north of Chico. The tourist car at
tached to the latter was overturned, the
sleeper forced from the rails and tbe
second-class coach slightly damaged. One
passenger, an army deserter who was be
ing returned to Alcatraz Island, had an
arm fractured and another sustained a
broken ankle. The rest escaped with a
bad shaking up. The accident was due to ;
the failure of the engineer on the north
bound train to observe that tbe rear end
of the southbound express, was not clear!
oftbe main line.
The trains were scheduled to meet at
Anita, but the southbound express was
fifteen minutes late at Chico, and in con
sequence the meeting point was changed
to Nord, which is a few mile- to the south
of Anita. No. 16, the belated train in
charge of Conductor Moulter and Engineer
Bowsher, reached the crossing first and
was drawing into the side track when the
northbound train arrived.
A box-car which stood near the south
end of the siding obscured the headlight
of the locomotive behind it from the view
of Engineer Orr, who was piloting the
northbound train, and he did not observe
that three cars of the express were still
afoul of the main line. He slackened the
speed of bis train to about five miles an
hour, and was traveling at this pace when
the collision occurred.
Orr's engine struck the second-class
coach about midway and derailed the rear
trucks. The tourist car, three parts of
which stood on the main line, was com
pletely overturned and badly wrecked,
and the sleeper was also lifted from the
rails before Orr could stop the train. His
engine was crippled and the northbound
express was detained almost nine hours
before another train arrived from Sacra
mento. After a little delay the south
bound Pullman was replaced on the rails,
the tourist and second-class cars detached,
and the train started for Oakland.
SAN DIEGO BURGLAR CAUGHT.
Found Looting a Pastor's Residence
While Its Owner Was A tending
Church.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Feb. 7.— Larry Ham
ilton, alias Lawrence, a bard character
about town, was captured to-night about
9 o'clock by R. H. Young, F. J. Villa and
two others while trying to escape from
the house of Rev. C. W. Maggart, pastor
of the First Lutheran Church,' which he
had entered. The first intimation any one
had that there was a stranger in the douse
was the sight of a light moving from one
room to another. It was seen by two or
three persons who were leaving the church
at the close of the service. The parsonage
adjoins the church, and Mr. Young and
the others, seeing the light, rushed over
to investigate.
The noise evidently startled the in
truder, for he rushed to the nearest win
dow and started to jump through. Seeing
the men outside, he rushed back to jump
through another window, only to ' fall
into tbe bands of those outside. He
jumped to his feet, drew' a revolver and
red, but before be could shoot again he
was thrown to the ground -and disarmed.
Inside the Maggart house all was found
in confusion. A sack of silverware was
lying just inside the window, where it
had been by the burglar.
MARIN COCATY BOULEVARD.
Government to Build a Road to the Lime
Point . Reservation.
SAUSALITO, Cal., Feb. 7.— The Gov
ernment boulevard to Lime Point reserva
tion is now assured, and, according to
Judge J. H. Pryor ot Sausalito, a connect
ing boulevard through the town of Sausa
lito will be constructed. The work will be
commenced on the Ist of April, it having
been ordered by the Board of Town
Trustees. Judge Pryor has been identi
fied with the . good-ioails movement in
Marin Connty from the first. He said to
day that the new road, for which Congress
had appropriated a large sum of money,
would be one of the finest boulevards in
tne State of California.
"A movement is now on foot," said he,
"to build a boulevard from Sau Raiael to
Sausalito. When this is accomplished
the town of Sausalito will have its boule
vard finished and will connect the San
Rafael road with the one to be built by
the Government. The Lime Point boule
vard will commence at the dividing line
between the town and tbe reservation and
will extend around - Lime - Point and a
short way up tbe coast and connection
will be made with the San Rafael road by
continuing the boulevard through Tenne
see Valley." 9__£_t6§i£' '
ALL So A OMA LE It DIM ft AID.
Zeal and Harmony Insure the Success
of Clorerdale's Fair.
CLOVERDALE. Cal./ Feb. 7.— A1l So
noma is eagerly looking forward- to-Clo
verdale's fifth annual ' citrus fair, to ' be
held February 17 to 22. Much preparatory
work is being done the different com-,
tees, and every one is working with
a zeal and ; energy, auguring well for the
success of : the 1 lair. ; The weather ' tor the
past ten days has been anything 1 but en
couraging, still to-day the pin vian god
shows signs of yielding to the beneficent
rays ofthe sun. \ ', ■ ?_ _./...
The exhibits this year will be on a larger
scale and ol a more artistic nature than in
former years. Electric lights will ■be ar
ranged through the large new pavilion.
The main social feature of the fair will be
the ball to be given on Friday, February
19, by the Cioverdale Band. .
May Locate in Santa Crum.
SANTA CRUZ. Cau, ; . Feb. 7. ri. The
Board of Trade has under consideration
a proposition from A. Hamburger of Ash
land, Or., who is now here, for the estab
lishment of a woollen-mill in Santa Cruz.
Such - a • proposition ' has " been made here
before, and the Board of Trade will . loot
very carefully into the present plan, as it
considers tbat Santa Cruz is much in heed
of additional industries of a. manufactur
ing character. There is a growing dispo
sition on the part of business men to seek
other means of inducing growth of the
town than mere offerings of - a beautiful
climate.
HILL VALLEY ADVENTURE.
Sausalito Physician's Horse and Carriage
Imbedded in a Bog for Two
Hours.
MILL VALLEY, Cau, Feb. 7.-Arthur
H. Mays, a physician of Sausalito, had a
thrilling experience near Mill Valley last
night shortly after 8 o'clock. The doctor
was notified that his services were re
quired in Mill Valley, and accompanied
by his wife started to drive from Sausalito.
The roads were in a wretched condition
because of recent rains, and the night was
dark and forbidding.
All went well until a point just below
Millwood station was reached, when the
horse stepped over a loe and sank into the
soft mud. The buggy also began to settle
in the mire, and the doctor jumped out to
extricate the horse. He found that both
horse and buggy were firmly imbedded.
Leaving his wife with the horse he
waded through the mud and slush to Mill
Valley, a mile distant, in search of aid.
He engaged the services of William Miller
and a pair of horses and sent them to the
relief of the stranded outfit, while he con
tinued on bis way to the patient's house.
When Miller reached the I orse ana
buggy he found that the animal was
breathing with difficulty, and immedi
ately efforts were made to drag the horse
out of the soft mud, In which it was slowly
sinking. A rope was put around the ani
mal's neck and the team brought from
Mill Valley was attached to the other end
and started. This means of rescuing the
poor beast was tried a number of times
and finally, after the animal had been in
the mud over two hours, it was dragged
out.
This morning it was found that a huge
landslide had occurred and the doctor in
the darkness had driven off the road. At
one spot a test was made to ascertain how
lar down the soil mud extended and an
eighteen- foot scantling was pushed down
completely out of sight. Dr. Mays and
his wife had a narrow escape.
SMALL SUJI *SKED FOR.
Funds Wanted for the Repair of the
Lick Observatory Road.
SAN JOSE. Cal., Feb. 7.—A bill asking
for an appropriation for repairing the
Mount Hamilton (Lick Observatory) road
and a yearly allowance for keeping it in
proper condition will be introduced in
both houses of the State Legislature tbe
coming week by Senator Morehouse and
Assemblyman Arnerich of this county.
The bills are being prepared at the in
stance of Supervisor Stern by Deputy
Districi At orney Beasly. An appropria
tion of $3000 will be asked for, and a
yearly allowance of $1000.
The road is used principally by visitors
to Lick Observatory, and as the road tax
in the thinly settled section through
which it runs is not sufficient to keep it
in repair it is thought the State should
aid in maintaining it. Tbe road was built
by the county at a cost of $100,000.
A DBAGQ I> BY THUGS.
San Jose Laborer Beaten at the Threshold
of Hi. Dwelling.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 7.— An attempt
was made to sandbag and rob Charles
Hammond, a laborer who resides on North
Eleventh street, near St. James, about
11:30 o'clock last night, as he was about
to enter a house in which he lives, in the
rear of the yard. As Hammond opened
the door a masked man attempted to seize
his throat, but Hammond caught the
man's fingers in his mouth and chewed
on them until the fellow yelled. An ac
complice then rushed up behind Ham
mond and struck dim over the bead with
a sandbag several times. Hammond re
leased his hold on tbe man's fingers, and
the pair escaped over a back fence.
The police were notified, but found no
trace of the footpads. . The back of Ham
mond's head is bruised and swollen.
KEPT THE FIREMEN BUSY.
Reinhart Hellwig Accused of Turning In
False Alarms.
SAN JOSE. Cal., Feb. 7.— Reinhart
Hellwig, a former superintendent of the
fire alarm system of the city, was arrested
last evening on a charge of sending in
false alarms of. fire. The .complaint was
sworn to by Chief Ford of the fire depart
ment, who alleges that Hellwig sounded
a bogus alarm of tire from box 32 on Feb
ruary 2. At the time the alarm was rung
in a portion of the department bad re
sponded .to a small fire on. South First
street and the false alarm summoned the
entire force to the scene' of the fire, leav
ing the rest ol the city unprotected.- ;
Hellwig was released on .'s2o bail.- He
wiil be arraigned before Justice Gass to
morrow on the charge.**.
Accused of Stealing Cattle.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 7.— John Rosen
burg, who has been employed in the vi
cinity of Morgan Hill for some time, was
arrested in this city last evening by
Deputy Sheriff Sturke on a charge of
grand larceny. He is accused of stealing
a number of cattle from the G. F. Reinlee
ranch in Las Uvas Valley, twelve miles
west of Gilroy, and disposing of tbem at
Morgan Hill. Rosen burg will be arraigned
on tbe charge to-morrow.
Teachers' Convention Date..
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 7. -The execu
tive committee of the State Teachers' As
sociation, which met in this city yester
day, has fixed on December 28, 29, 30 and
31 as the time for holding the annual
State convention in San Francisco. The
selection "of a ball was left to tbe San
Francisco executive committee. Tb. to
tal membership was reported as being
1117. .
Free Rural Mail Delivery.
SAN JOSE. Cal.. Feb. The free rural
mail delivery, which was inaugurated at
Campbell last week, is greatly appreciated
by the settlers in the district. Three car
riers are employed. One delivery is made
daily. The district includes fourteen
square miles. The delivery has greatly
increased the receipt ol mail at the Camp
bell office.
MISSING FROM VALLEJO.
Victim of Footpad* Fails to Appear in
Court to Prosecute.
VALLEJO, Cal., Feb. 7.— ln some way
Anthony Smith, the old soldier who was
beaten and robbed on a recent night, has
been spirited away. The examination of
one of the young men under arrest was to
have been held before Justice Ryan last
evening.; Owing to the . non-appearance
of^ the prosecuting. witness this youth —
named Hus«<ey — was admitted to bail in
the sum o. $1000, in default of which be
was remanded to jail. Officers scoured
the country during the day to find Smith,
but were unsuccessful, and it is now sup
posed that he has left town to avoid ap
pearing against Hussey.
f.tiwanda Shipper's Scheme.
LOB ANGELES, Cal., Feb. 7.— Arthur
Gregory, an orange shipper of Kan /Ber
nardino, is destined to bring upon him
self maledictions . and possibly, suits at
law, . brought ! by the orange-growers of
Redlands and Highlands.' Gregory, it
seems, . has bad ' a force ,of men packing
oranges into boxes bearing the label "Red"
lands and Highlands,", at Etiwanda for
Eastern shipment. As oranges bearing
the names of those towns bring higher
prices than those grown in less-advertised
communities, Gregory has* been able to
pay more for tbe local crop .than dealers
who ship under the brand of that section.
TO CUIIE A COLD IX ONE DAT.
Take laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All drug
gists refund the money ii it fails to cure. __5c
LED A BAUD OF
BORDER RAIDERS
Reckless Career of Black
Jack," the Captured
Bandit.
Five Murders and a Score of
Robberies Charged to His '
Cutthroats.
Once Refused to Loot a Railroad Sta
tion Because a Woman Was
in . Charge.
SILVER CITY, N. M., Feb. 7.— The
capture on Saturday near El Paso, Texas,
of John McDonald, alias ''Black Jack,"
leader of the border bandits who have
been operating in New Mexico, Arizona
and old Mexico for the past year, means
that this section is at last rid of the mar
auding band. Col . Estis, alias Cole Young,
and "Bob" Hayes have- been killed in
fights with officers, and the remaining
two members, George Musgrave, alias
Jeff Davis, alias Jesse Williams, and Tom
Anderson are believed to have made their
escape into Mexico.
The gang had been in existence about
two years. Until nine months ago its op
erations were confined chiefly to smug
gling on the Mexican border. From July
20, 1896. until November 19 of the same
year the outlaws engaged in frequent
forays. Their first appearance was at
Separ, N. M., on July 20, when they held
up tbe postmaster, robbed the postoflice
of $20 and took about $200 from tbe store
in which it was located. Thence they
went to Nogales, Arizona, where they at
tempted to rob a bank, but failed to get
any cash.
"Black Jack" and his band were fol
lowed by a posse and a tight took place in
SKeleton canyon. Line Rider Robson,
one of the bravest officers who ever strad
dled a horse, was ambushed and killed.
Then tbey crossed over into New Mexico
and stopped the White Oaks stages, going
and coming, within four miles of each
other and captured the mail. From there
they went to Rio Puerco, and, in attempt
ing to rob an Atlantic and Pacific train.
Cole Young was killed by Deputy United
States Marshal Loom is. They returned
southward and again robbed both the
White Oaks stages. Coming on to Dom
ing, N. M., they boarded the Southern
Pacific train, westbound, but the conduc
tor backed the train into Deming, and the
robbers struck out for their horses and
made for the range.
On October 27 they were at Teviston,
where they robbed the postoffice and got
$15 from a store. They were next beard
from at Separ again on November 2. There
they took in the postoffice, store and sta
tion. Then they sped over to Hnachua
Siding, Ariz., where on the 7th they held
up tne agent and took $130. Their object
was to fob the United States paymaster,
who was"' supposed to * have "* been due on
that date. From the Siding tbey went
into . the Dragoon Mountains, making a
feint against Teviston, but landing at Will*
cox, where they bad intended to halt the
United States paymaster on his way to
Fort Grant. They again missed their date.
From /Teviston. they went, to Stems Pass
to hold up the station, but found a woman
in charge and said they would not molest
a woman.' -_V
They robbed the section boss to get ex
pense money and then struck for the
Chihuahua line, where they had* a des
perate fight on Novemher 19 with a mar
shal's and a Sheriff*, posse. "Bob" Hayes
was killed and Musgrave wounded.'
Besides the many robberies laid at its
door, the gang murdered five men. They
were Robson, the Tin erider; Parker, near
Rose water, N. Mex. ; a stockman, against
whom Musgrave .had an old \ grudge; m
rancher on the Gila,, who had informed on
them, and a cowboy, who had a fine horse
tbey wanted and had also informed on
them. Besides, they have beaten several
of the persons they robbed.
"The rewards for the capture of "Black
Jack" will aggregate over $3000. The cap
tured leader will likely be tried at Socorro,
N. Mex., on the charge ■of stage robbery,
tbe punishment for which i. life impris
onment. He will be confined in the Silver
City jail for safe keeping until his trial,
and will be brought to this place by United
States Marshal Hall on Tuesday.
NEWS OF MARE ISLAND.
Departure of the Adams With Its Crew
of Apprentices.
VALLEJO, Cal., Feb. 7,— The gunboat
Concord will be the next to be completed
at the Mare Island yard. .
The Adams, with, a crew of apprentice
boys, steamed away from Mare Island the
middle of the week, to be absent six
months. The boys were in high glee at the
thoughts of their first real sea voyage on a
man-of-war. From here the Adams went
to the anchor grounds abreast of Sausalito
to adjust compasses prior to going outside
the beads.
The Oregon is on its way up from Aca
pnlco ana will stop in Magdalena Bay for
target practice. From San Francisco the
battle-ship will go north, according to
present talk, and remain during a portion
ol the summer months.
SANTA AAA INN OVATION.
Bicycle Storeroom ' Built in Connectio
With a Church.
SANTA ANA, Cal, Feb. 7.— The pastor
of the First Baptist Church of this city,
instead of railing against tbe bicycle on
Sunday, has done what he could to en
courage its use on that day by counseling
the trustees of his church to provide every
convenience' for those who desire to ride
the silent steed to the house of worship.
As a result this is the first religious organ
ization in the county to provide a place
where the bicycles of the church-goers can
be stoicd whiie Sunday services are being
held. This church ' has just completed a
neat little barn on one side of the edifice,
and this has been fitted up for the accom
modation of the members and others.
Guests of Salinas.
SALINAS,' Cal., Feb. The Grand
Lodge Dan ia, which has been in session in
Salinas for the past week, has just finished
its labors. It will next meet in San Fran
cisco on February 8, 1898. The following
officers - were "elected " and installed by re
tiring Grand President Jessen, to serve
for/ the ensuing year: O. Kieldeen of
Fresno, grand president; Jacob Petersen
of San Francisco, grand vice-president; J.
P. Kofod, San Francisco, grand secretary ;
C. M. .beck, grand' treasurer;"- C. H. Du
borg of Reno.- Nev., grand marshal; Peter
Rasmussen of Salinas, grand vice- marshal.
Monterey's Output of Fish.
, MONTEREY, Cal., Feb. 7.— The fish
shipments from this place during the last
year prove Monterey to be one of the lead:
ing . fish marts on the Pacific Coast The
amount of fish sbipned by Wells- Fargo
alone in 1896 was 1.213,_.60* pounds. The
least amount shinned in any one
month was in July, 62,730 pounds. The
largest shipment was made in September—
152,310 pounds. The figures. are only of
fish for the San Francisco market; but
large shipments are made to San Jose
and other places. There are less than
thirty fishermen in this city who ship
their catch away.
Body Found in Eel River.
EUREKA, Cal., Feb. Tbe body of
Clarence Somerville, who was drowned by
the upsetting of a boat in the south fork
of Eel River, near Garberville, on New
Year's day, was found in Eel River at
Fortuna yesterday. Recent floods had
floated the body thirty-five miles down
the south fork, and thence thirty
miles more down the main stream* to
Fortuna, wnere it was discovered in a
mass of driftwood in Stillwater. Somer
ville was a half-breed Indian, aged about 2L
Redwood City Entertainment.
REDWOOD ClTi*. Cal., Feb. 7.-A
select entertainment and ball were given
here last night under the auspices of the
local parlor of the Native Sons of the
Golden West and the San Mateo Band.
The proceeds will swell the already
large fund which the Native Sons
are raising for tbe entertainment ot the
Grand Parlor the latter part of April. The
programme was an excellent one.
. The Marion at San Diego.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Feb. 7.— Ths United
States steamer Marion arrived at noon,
seven days from Acapulco, with all well
on board. It will remain until after the
water carnival. There are now "six war
vessels in port. The Oregon left Acapulco
on the 21st uit. and is supposed to be
working its way up the coast. H. M. S.
Comus is expected here from Callao about
February 12.
Lion Falls Before the Eagle.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. 7.— Absurd
as it may seem, the managers of the great
Santa Fe Railroad system bave yielded to
the prejudice against what is considered
too English in the figure of a ferocious
lion tbat has decorated their stationery
and advertisements. In consequence, the
picture deemed so ••blarsted'' British has
been superseded by that of the eagle bird.
General Mastellar at Salinas.
SALINAS, Cal., Feb. 7.— General T. C.
Mastellar, Department Commander of the
G. A. R. of California aud Nevada, is here,
arranging for the department encamp
ment to be held in April. General Mas
tellar is accompanied by bis staff. After
completing arrangements they will go to
Monterey. '-v.*
Auditorium for Santa Monica.
SANTA MONICA, Cal., Feb. 7—lt has
been decided at a citizens' meeting that
Santa Monica is to have an auditorium of
large dimensions and massive in finish
and architecture. The plans forthe build
ing have not fully materialized, but the
specifications will soon be made public
HUNTING WITH A MIEEOR.
Effect of Reflected Light "Upon Birds
and Rabbits in the "Woods.
A taxidermist at Northwood, N. V.. has
been matting experiments as to the effect
of light reflected in a bird's eye. A glass
seven or eight inches in diameter has been
found most serviceable. I«he antics of
blue jays are remarkable* when the light
strikes them as tbey sit in the shadow of
an evergreen tree. T_ey jump to another
branch and try to look into the light, but
they have to turn away, as the. light
dazzles them. Then they fly around the
reflector, but after practice one is able to
keep the light always on them, and the
birds not infreauently come within reach
ol a man's band.
A ruffed grouse gives a startled look
when the light strikes it. Then it jumps
and away it goes. Hawks, too, are usually
startled or annoyed so that they fly off.
Woodpeckers don't seem to mind it at ail.
: Rabbits blink and stare .at a glass for
awhile, then go around a stump and sit
up again, as if waiting for the light to play
tag with them. New York Sun.
Where Dukes Are Burled.
'. Then we pursued the rest of the party
to Hamilton Palace, which is like a monster
London house ßelgrave square covered
in and brought into the country. In the
park is a huge domed edifice, something
like the tomb of Theodoric at Ravenna.
It was erected by tne last Duke- for him
self, his son, grandson and his nine pre
decessors. "What a grand sight it will
be," he said, ."when twelve Dukes of
Hamilton rise together here at the resur
rection ;He himself lies just under the
dome, upon a pavement of colored marbles
and inside the sarcophagus of an Egyptian
Queen, with her image painted and sculp
tured outside. He had this sarcophagus
brought from Thebes, and used frequently
to lie down in it to see bow it fitted. It is
made of Egyptian seyenite, the hardest of
all stones, and could not be altered; but
when dying he was so haunted by the idea
that his body might be too long to go in
side tbe sarcophagus that his last words
were "Double me up; double me up!"
After he was dead no amount of doubling
could get him into the mummy case, and
they nad to cut off his feet to do it. Alas,
that I should have to add a note to say
that the mummy case has been since dis
covered not to have belonged to a Queen
at all, but to the court jester. The Remi
niscences of Augustus J. C. Hare.
There are three habitual criminals in
.London to every two policemen.
NEW TO-DAT. ';_**_.*...
"Red Letter Day."
We explained last week about having a
"Red Letter Day" every Monday. Remem-
ber, please, it is for Monday ONLY.
To-day — Rugs and Cribs. >
Japanese You can buy \[ sT""" T —
$1.25 instead Rugs that are p^ , i^ffillTr%
of $3.00. not worth I^TrnTr^*^^
taking home. . Or, 3*oll can "v^^S^^^^^Sp^^P^T*
buy them that will give years Sl^^i^^pSpfe^iil^llP
of service, that will hold
their color, brightness and W^^^^ffF^^". §\MLm
freshness. mkw , W;^^p|l« t*^ 1 ____-^^"w'^__!______32 .
That's the sort we're.' of- ' gjjjii. _, _■'i j '* I L________^SstfgJ__l^l_^Z^_^^-^'
* e S-« Sx^hes. Choicest Oriental ' YoU Can buy this Crib to-
colorings— copies of genuine Turkish rugs, day for $4- 25-
All difterent. It's light maple with stout woven wire
Just 200 in all— loo fringed, 100 plain, mattress. ' . : .'_/.'
Your choice, $1.25. Has brass knobs on the' posts; good,
A rug *;x6 feet for $1 .2 .— strong casters-and all for $4.25.
__* &° 11 ,^ *> -, You've been paying $6 and $8 for the
need we tell you to hurry ? me thing.
California Furniture Company.
N. P. Cole & Co., ; c^ petBi
.117-121 Geary Street. ;": Swings. ■'
CHANCE MISSTEP
COSTS TWO LIVES
Appalling Accident on a
Railway Bridge at
Caliente.
Miss Akers of Fresno and Her
Escort Run Down by an
Engine.
The Young Woman Stumbles and
H.r Companion Vainly Attempts
Her R . scue-
CALIENTE, Cal,, Feb. John Har
disty. a popular rancher 32 years of age,
who lived near Bakersfield, and Miss Cora
Akers, a beautiful Fresno girl, were run
down and killed by a Southern Pacific en
gine on a bridge three miles from Caliente
to-day. The young man sacrificed him
self in an attempt to rescue his companion,
. who bad stumbled and fallen in an at
tempt to escape from the bridge. No more
appalling accident has' ever occurred in
this vicinity and it has cast a pall of gloom
over the community.
A party of four young people started
for a pleasure walk and to gather wild
flowers. On returning two of them walked
ahead of the otbers for some distance, and
the couples were on different bridges when
the engine rushed down upon them. The
first couple barely saved their lives by
jumping from the bridge. Hardisty and
Miss Akers, who were on the lower bridge,
started to ran when they heard the engine
approaching. At the end of the bridge
Miss Akers fell. Her companion, in en
deavoring to save her, was caught by the
engine, which passed over his legs above
the knees. Miss Akers' body was severed
in twain by the wheels, death being in
stantaneous. Hardisty died shortly after
the accident. «*- *
Miss Akers was . the only daughter of a
prominent family and a young lady highly
respected in Fresno. She was here visit
ing relatives, and intended to return to
her home last evening, but was persuaded
to remain one more day. The young man
owned a large ranch on the Weed Patch.
His folks live in Newport, N. C.
SMALLPOX ON THE VICTORIA.
Second Assistant Engineer of the
Steamship Attacked by the
• Dread Disease.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., Feb. B.—
Despite the careful watch maintained 'by
officers of the United States quarantine
service, with headquarters here, two cases
of smallpox have been reported, both from
the steamship Victoria. This vessel, be
cause it had come from an infected port,
was compelled to go through fumigation
at Victoria, B. C, and the Diamond Point
station here. ,_,. --
One of the cases developed yesterday
among the Chinese passengers who have
been in quarantine, but to-day the great
est excitement was caused by a tele
graphic communication bringing to Dr.
W. G. Stimpson the information that last
night, two bours before the time set lor
the sailinc of the Victoria from Tacoma,
bound for the Orient, the second assistant
engineer had been stricken down. It is
probable that the vessel, crew and passen
gers will spend the next three weeks at
Diamond Point. >, Dr. Stimpson left for
Tacoma this afternoon to investigate.
m.
RIVERSIDE CYCLISTS COLLIDE.
One Cannot Survive ' and the Other Ie
■ Badly Injured.
RIVERSIDE, Cal., Feb. 7.— Roy Smith
and Percy Davis, young men of this city,
were seriously injured about midnight in
a s bicycle collision. Smith's skull .was
cracked from the forehead to the back of
the bead, and also across from ear to ear.
One of : Davis' arms was . broken and it is
feared he was internally injured. . He was
unconscious for several hours and Smith is
still unconscious sixteen hours , after the
accident. Two physicians worked on the
injured men all night. It is believed Davis
will recover, but there are no hopes for
Smith, as his skull was so badly fractured
that it was found necessary to remove a
piece of bone one inch in diameter.
Tragedy at Port Townsend.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., Feb. 7.—
David Phillips, an 18-year-old boy, resid
ing here with his parents, and known all
over the Sound country because of bis
superior talent as a violinist, accidentally
killed himself last night in bis bedroom.
Preparatory to retiring, young Phillips
took a small pistol from his pocket and
threw it into a bureau drawer. _ It ex
ploded, the ball penetrating his skull.
34
MONEY FLOWING
INTO RANDSBURG
Capitalists Eager to Own
Mines in the Desert
District.
Its Future Pictured in Glowing
Colors by a Returned
Visitor.
Says Every Claim Yields a Profit to
Its Owners From the Grass-
Roots Down.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 7.— 0. H. Savage,
Western manager for the Feron & Bal
lon Company, has returned from Rands
burg and Johannesburg, in the great
Mojave mining district, which has aston
ished the entire country by its marvelous
richness. Mr. Savage gives glowing ac
counts of the mines, and says they much
more than justify all that has been said of
tbem. Teaming from the railroad station
keeps many outfits busy, and so great has
the traffic become that the Southern Pa
clflc Company is arranging to build a rail
road from Mojave, and the surveyors are
now at work running a line back from
Randsburg and Johannesburg. When
asked as to the stability of the mines Mr.
Savage said:
"The half has not been told. No such
extensive or such rich mining section has
ever been discovered anywhere before,
an.d the beauty of it is the mines have all
paid their way from the grass roots down.
The mine-owners are not inviting any
body to come; they are too busy working
their mines and taking out the gold to
worry their heads about anything else.
"The boom we all hear about is worKed
up by the railroads and town-lot owners,
and, strange to say, nearly everybody who
has bought lots Has made a good turn o.i
them, and improvements are going in rap
idly. Hundreds of wagons laden with
lumber and merchandise travel from Mo
jave to Randsburg and from Kramer to
Randsburg. The procession never ends,
day or night.
"There are fully 5000 people in and
around the Rand district, and a great
many valuable mines , are now being
worked. The milling is done within a
radius of ten or twelve miles of Hands
burg, where plenty of water is obtainable.
Prominent capitalists and mine-owners ol
Los Angeles and Randsburg are now de
veloping a big water supply within a few
miles of Randsburg, and extensive
mills will soon be erected, together with a
cyanide plant. The water question wiil
not be a drawback much longer.
"There is enough ore on the dumps
to keen 100 stamps going day and
night, all within a radius of one to five
miles of the towns of Randsburg and
Johannesburg.
"Wealthy mining men of this State and
from Colorado have at last ceased crying
down the Rand district in the hope of get
ting mining properties at their own fig
ures, and are now quietly buying every
good mine which is offered at anything;'
like a reasonable figure, and in many in
stances where very little development has*
been done, which shows their faith in the
section."
Mr. Savage was asked concerning the re
port that he had purchased the Winnie
and Yucca Tree, both valuable mines,
located within a mile and a half of Rands
burg, in the rich Yucca section of the
Rand district, for a round sum in siot
cash, and that be had been offered a hand
some profit on his investment by promi
nent California and Colorado mining
men.
"The statement is correct," said Mr.
Savage. "Several persons have been fig
uring with me to get the prope-ty for an
English syndicate, but I will soon push
work with a big force, as the mines are
both opened up and not mere prospects,
there being lully $15,000 worth ot rich gold
ore in sight already uncovered."
A remarkable feature of tbe many towns
is that the cost of living is not much
greater than it is here, and everything de
sired can be had almost as easily. There
is a thorough organization of the citizens
and life and property are as safe as any
where. ]-'•: ■' >..
HIGH SCHOOL ATHLETES.
Best of Them to Meet Univer
sities and May Go
East.
Field Days and Many Baseball Games
Arranged by Filteen Big
Schools* '
■ — '-■'
The Academic Athletic League of Cali
fornia is planning to send a crack team
East this summer to compete with the
best scholastic teams. The league has re
cently been increased to fifteen of the
largest' and most prominent schools of
the State. Belmont School, which estab
lished a remarkable record for itself on
the gridiron during football season just
ended, has joined the league. It is con
sidered a most powerful acquisition. ■ .; '
A series of field days has been arranged
leading up to the semi-annual inter
scholastic championship meet to be held
in this City on April 3. According to the
rules of the league each of the fifteen
schools must enter a team for this meet or
pay a fine. A very large entry list will be
the result. The school winning the great
est number of points will be awarded the
championship.
At present the Berkeley High School is
supposed to have the best chance for first
place, Oakland High School, now and for
some time the champion, being conceded
the second place in any event, and Lowell
High School and Polytechnic High
School being looked upon as fair possibil
ities for third place, unless some of the
other schools prove a surprise. '
The first and second place man in the
interscholastic field day will represent the
league as a team in the annual amateur
championship field day to be held here
some time during April under the auspices
of the Pacific Association of the Amateur
Union. Berkeley, Stanford and the big
athletic clubs of the State will enter
teams. . .. - " ■yS- '.v. '****_■
The league has also arranged a series of
baseball games for the sctiool champion
ship. The school that shall lose two out
of its three preliminary matches will not
be eligible to compete in the finals, which
will be arranged later, j Oakland High
School is expected to win first place, with
Belmont School and Berkeley High School
close up. But there may be. some sur
prises.
Cycling races, too, have been provided
for. On February 27 all the schools of the
League will enter their best" riders in the
interscholastic bicycle meet which will be
held on the Velodrome track, in this City.
Lowell High School has recently com
pleted a cinder-track near Bush afid
Pierce streets. It is nine laps to the mile
and is eight feet wide. The boys have"
built a house on the ground for dressing
rooms. Polytechnic High School, a long
and well-matched rival of Lowell, has a
cinder-track of its own also on Bush
street. Berkeley and Oakland High
Schools have the use of the State Univers
ity oval. St. Matthew's and Belmont
Schools nave tracks of their own.
The dates of the field-days and the
schedule of baseball games to be partici
pated in by the different schools of the
league are given below.
Coming Field Days.
February California School of Mechani
cal Arts at Olympic Grounds.
March 6— Lowell High School, interclass
contests lor points and medals, at Olympic
Grounds. From the competitors in this field
day a representative team will be forme I to
oppose Polytechnic High School on March 27.
March 20— Polytechnic High School, inter-
Class contests for points and medals.
March 27— Interscholastic match between
Lowell High School and Polytechnic High
School at Olympic Grounds.
April 3— Academic Athletic League semi
annual track meet, in which will participate
teams from the fifteen schools constituting
the league. The first and .second place in this
meet will then be formed Into the Academic
League team to compete in the Pacific Athletic
Association annual championship field day,
in which will participate teams from Berkeley,
Stanford, Olympic and other large athletic
organizations. _____• ■'
Baseball Matches Arranged.
Feruary 13— Polytechnic High School vs.
Boone's University Academy, at Presiaio
Athletic Grounds, San Francisco; Selbourne
School vs. Mt. Tamalpais Military Academy, at
San Rafael. <:,::'?>
February Berkeley High School vs.
Boone's University Academy, at Berkeley;
Calilornia School of Mechanical Arts vs.
Holtt's School, at Presidio Athletic Grounds,
San Krancisco.
February 22— Belmout School vs. Polytech
nic High School at Belmont; St. Matthew's
Military School vs. Mt. Tamalpais Military
Academy, at Presidio Athletic Grounds, at
San Francisco.
February 27— Sacramento High School vs.
Stockton High School, at Sacramento.
March 6— Oakland High School vs. Hoitt's
School, at Burlineame; Belmont School vs
Boone's University Academy, at Berkeley.'
March 13— Berkeley High School vs. Stock
ton High School, at Stockton; Lowell High
School vs. Alameda University Academy, at
Presidio Athletic Grounds, San Francisco.
March 20— California School of Mechanical i
Arts vs. Sacramento High School, at Sacra
mento; Stockton High School vs. St. Matthew's
Military School, at Presidio athletic grounds,
San Francisco.
March 27— Hoitt's School vs. Alameda Uni
versity Academy, at Burlingame; Belmont
School vs. Selbourne School, at Belmont.
April 10— Polytechnic High School vs. Oak
land High School, at Presidio athletic
grounds. San Francisco; Lowell High School
vs. St. Matthew's Military School, at San
Mateo.
April Sacramento High School vs. Ala
meda University Academy, at Presidio Ath
letic Grounds, San Francisco; Oakland High
School vs. Berkeley High School, at Berkeley.
April Lowell High School vs. Selbourne
School, at Presidio Athletic Grounds, San
Francisco; California School of Mechanical
Arts vs. Mount Tamalpais Military Academy,
at San Rafael.
AN EMBASSALOE SLIGHTED.
Why the French Kniba.nador Was Not
Invited to the Bachelors' Cotillon.
There is considerable agitation in the
diplomatic corps and high society circles
because the committee of young men who
are managing the bachelors' cotillon this
season have boycotted the French Embas
sador, says the Washington correspondent
of the Chicago record. The bachelors'
cotillon is the most select and exclusive of
all the public functions given in Wash
ington. It corresponds to the patriarchs'
ball in New York and the charity ball in
Chicago. The attendance is limited and
the list of those whose presence is desired
is made out by a committee which has its
origin and headquarters in the Metropoli
tan Club. The invitations are sent to a
selected number, who are permitted to
contribute to tbe expense of the enter
] tainment by buying tickets. If the pro
| ceeds happen to be in excess of expenses
; the balance is divided among certain local
charities.
The diplomatic corps is always invited.
The corps belongs ex-officio to the district
aristocracy, and all the members bave re
ceived invitations to subscribe to the
; bachelors' cotillon this year except tbe
French Embassador, who is the hand
i somest man among them and a gentle
man whose social distinction is equal to
his professional reputation.
All the other members of the French
embassy received invitations, and it was
i therefore supposed the Embassador's
J name had been omitted by mistake, but
when one of his attaches called upon the
committee to notify them of the error he
discovered to his astonishment that it was
intentional. He was coolly informed that
the committee had stricken the names of
Mr. and Mrs. Patenotre from the list be
cause he had slighted Mrs. Rockhill, the
wife of the assistant Secretary of State.
It was also intimated that the members of
the committee were friends of Mr. Rock
hill, and proposed to stand by him in the
social feud that has been going on for
'some time between him and the French
Embassador. The story is an old one.
Eleven years ago Mr. Rockhill was sec
retary of the United States legation at
Peking aud his wife was a leader in the
amusements of the diplomatic circle.
While arranging for a picnic or some
other function she asked the assistance of
Mr. Patenotre, who was then the French
Minister to China. That amiable eentle
man rode twelve miles on horseback on a
hot day to keep an appointment with Mrs.
Rockhill aud when he arrived at her
house she asked to be excused from seeing
him. He explained to the servant that
he had come in from the country a long
distance to see Mrs. Rockhill at her re
quest and was very certain that she did
.not understand that it was he when sue
sent the message. The servant went back
to his mistress with the explanation. She
retorted, impatiently: "Tell him I cannot
see him. It is too hot to talk business.
Tell him anything to get rid of him. Tell
him I am dead."
It so happened that the Chinese servant
repeated her words literally and accu
rately to the Minister of France, but that
was unnecessary, for he had overheard
them through the lattice work, and since
he left her door that day he bas not recog
nized Mrs. Rockhill. When Mr. Rockhill
was promoted to be First Assistant Secre
tary of State he and bis wife were ad
mitted to the diplomatic circle here, and
soon after met the French Embassador
and his wife at a dinner party. Being
ignorant of tbe situation, the hostess as
signed Mr. Patenotre to escort Mrs. Rock
hill to the dinner table, and when he re
ceived his card fie asked to be excused,
saying that he did not know the lady.
"But 1 will present you," said the host
ess. '•
"I do not wish to be presented," was the
Embassador's reply. "This lady told me
more than ten years ago that she was dead,
and I do not care to be a resurrectionist."
Through a lack of tact on tbe part of
the hostess thi< dramatic situation be
came known to almost everybody in the
party, and within twenty-lour hours the
story was all over Washington,' which ir
ritated Mr. Rockhill to such an extent
that he sent a very indiscreet note saying
that if the French Embassador would not
recognize Mr. and Mrs. Rockhill socially
he could not recognize the French Em
bassador officially, and advised nim that,
in the future, he must transact his busi
ness in the State Department with some
other person. The French Embassador,
smiled, and put the note in his pocket, in
order to show it to Secretary Olney the
next time he visited the State Depart"
ment. He has studiously ignored the
Rockhill* ever since, and to some of their
friends who have endeavored to effect a
reconciliation he has said: "She told me
she was dead.' One must accept the word
of a lady, especially when she speaks of
herself."
In France 4,000,000 tons of potatoes are
annually used in the manufacture of
starch and 'alcohol. ..._..
TO CURE A COLD IX ONE DAY.
Take laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. AU drug
gists refund the money iX it laiis to cure, 25c.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1897.
COMPANIES SHOT
FOR GLORY ONLY
Yesterday Comparatively
Quiet at Shell Mound
Park.
Company D of the First Regi
\ ment Resumes Active
Practice.
Medal, Class and Practic; Firing, and
a Private Match Filled the
Programme.
Yesterday was a comparatively quiet
day at the Shell Mound Park shooting
ranges, the attendance and the interest
attaching to the various events on the
afternoon's programme both being smaller
than usual. The weather, too, proved de
cidedly unfavorable to bigh scoring and
professional enthusiasm alone could in
duce the marksmen to stay long at the
targets. The scorers' noses were purple
and the numbed lingers of the marksmen
sadly interfered with a steady aim. Un
der such inauspicious conditions the aver
age maintained was highly commendable.
The members of Company ' D, First In
fantry Regiment, N. G. C, formerly
known as Company A, resumed rifle prac
tice yesterday after two years' intermis
sion, many of the old-time experts being
present.
The company has purchased four fine
medals, distributed as foUows: Cham
pion and classes A, B and C. Tbe first is
said to be one of the handsomest trophies
of the Kind ever offered by the company
for competition, and the others, though
necessarily somewhat inferior, are well
worth winning.
A committee, composed of Lieutenant
T. J. McCreagh, Sergeant C. I. White and
Corporal J. C. Seagrave, will hencefor
ward bave full control over these competi
tions. The committee's fond ambition is
to make Company D first in rank among
the military sharpshooters. In addition
to the medals mentioned 'above the com
mittee has arranged for the bestowal of
fifteen prizes upon the members making
the highest average scores during the year.
The company turned out in force yester
day, and, though rusty for want of prac
tice, made the following totals in the
class shooting:
Lieutenant F. J. McCreagh 39, Sergeant C.
G. White 42, Sergeant W. E. Meadows 34, Ser-
I geant K. W. Newbert 41, Corporal J. C. Sea-
I grave 33, L. H. Anthers 9, D. J. Daly 36, J.
| Brown 25, J. O. Staples t>, E. Scharf 10, O. Lan-
I duccl 5, W. Beck 27, W. W. Cross 2, T. P.
I Leonard 27, T. K. 1 .aS" 27, A. C. Llewelling
32. M. Wilkins 21, G. W. Newbert G, Corporal
J. G. Swan 24, W. Russell 12, T. Taylor 13.
Divisions 1 and 2 of the Naval Battalion
also did some class shooting in the course
of the afternoon. The tirst division com
pleted both its January and February
shoots yesterday, the following scores re
sulting:
Lieutenant C. C. Dennis 26 and 36, Ensign
Gaild 30 .nd 25. Luderman 40 and 47, Quln
lan 32 and 36, Drogmund 20 and 32, Corliss
37 and 36, 'i'ous-alnt 34 und 16, Casey 29 and
41, Bealey 23 and 15, Rich 33 and 34, Landon
: 25, Walker 0 and 4, J. Murray 9. Kearney 32
! and 38, Emmrich 30 and 30, Peters 37 and 39,
Smith 38 and 34. J. F. Murphy 28 and 36.
The second division scored as follows:
C. P. O. Mills 35, R. Jones 32, Russell Reed
36, J. C. Kelly 33, E. Donnellan 30, A. D.
Stevens 16, F. R. Sutton 31, D. Weir 29, Henry
Peterson 37. :.■■. .:-*:.; _V
The Independent Rifles held their regu
lar medal shoot, with the following result:
~Dr. F. Hau 44. C. J. Staude 39, Lieutenant
E. Meenning 36, Corporal J. Mindermann 36,
J. A. Stang 35. P. Schonig 25, Dr. R. A. Morris
25. N. Blegel 24, Charles Andrews 20, J. Daneri
14, C. Hilar. 29.
Company A of the Fifth Regiment, N.
G. C, did a little practice shooting, some
of the best scores being as follows:
Captain Poulter 45. Sergeant Poulter 45,
Lieutenant Vaughn 38, G. W. Packet 4l, C.
Pucket 38, Sergeant McCormick 39, A.
Jahnigan 41, C. Poulter Jr. 30. Cleveland 41,
Corporal Littlefield 39, C. 11. Ellis 42, Brink 27.
The Deutscher Krieger Verein held its
monthly medal shoot on the German ring
target, the result being:
Champion class, C. Weggemann, 391; first
class, N. Plegel, 321; second class, "W. Llnde
man, 315; third class, Mohr, 262; most bulls
eyes, C. Weggemann; first best shot, C. Wegge
mann, 24 ; last beat shot, 1. Bendel, 24.
A special match was decided yesterday
between H. Wicker and two teams com
posed of F. 0. Young and F. F. Bushnell,
J. £. Gorman and A. H. Pape respectively.
Wicker was given 50 points on the Colum
bia target, and won by virtue of his handi
cap, with 277 points against Young's 303,
the next best. It should be added by way
of explanation tbat the lowest numerical
score indicates the best marksmanship
on the Columbia target. The complete
scores were:'
Young 89, 48, 70, 51, 45—303.
Bushnell 113,93,93,99,80—484.
Total 787.
Pape 63, 54, 63. 64, 61—305.
Gorman 96. 63, 78, 93, 73-708.
Wicker 54, 60, 78, 68, 67—327, less 50—277.
Pane's team, therefore, beat Young's,
and Wicker, solus, defeated both. '
Captain L. Siebe, proprietor of the
ranee, announce., that he has enlarged
the stalls occupied by the Columbia Club
some three feet and has put in a side
table and another wheel on target C.
The Nord Deutscher Schuetzen Club
will hold a competition on the man target
on Sunday, March 7, for $225 in cash
prizes. This competition will mark the
opening of the park for the picnic season
of 1897. ' '
The I-ifle Match Postponed.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. 7.— The rain this
morning deterred the Oakland team from
coming over to shoot against Company
G's men in the fifteen-men match. If the
weather is suitable and the Oakland com
pany willing the match will be shot next
Sunday. The" high wind this afternoon
prevented the home company from mak
ing a good showing, although Shafer cor
ralled 42 points, Wolzen 41, while Captain
Simpson and Russell each scored 40. The
score in detail was: "
Elliott 26. Morton 22, Latn born 39, C. Wea
sel 28, Riehl 39, E. Harvey 27, Okerluna 34,
Loring 16, Cardltiet 19, Ladue 29. Born 37,
Hasten 37. Whalley 30, Rivero 35, Mayer 31,
Higby 39, McMeckan 32, Henderson 29, Shafer
42, L. Wessel 27, Hanley SO, Wittlch 35, Wood
ward 11, Lodtman 36, Forderer 10, Wolzen 41,
Slmosou 40, Pickett 36. Schrelber 19, Greene
22, Hoff 35, Thompson 31, Russell 40.
At Schuetzen Park.
About a dozen members of Company E,
First Regiment, braved the storm yester
day morning and crossed the bay to
Schuetzen Park for the purposo of holding
their regular monthly shoot. The scores
are not as good as usual, but the weather
conditions were not in favor of nigh
scores. Following are the results: Cap
tain Fitzpatrick 41, Lieutenant Ralph 3C,
Lieutenant Robertson 43, Sergeant Car
diff 30, Privates Magee 35, J. Ralph 41,
Sullivan 24, O'Connell 27, Rocks 23, Mur
phy 25.'. .W- —•■■-'• - '-
-'-^vi <■- -.__ '* .. - ===:
American Legion of Honor.
Pioneer Council of Sacramento wu visited by
Grand Secretary Burton lost Thursday, and in the
.presence of a large membership be explained the
recent changes that have been made In tbe order.
The grand secretary installed tbe officers 'of
olden Shrre Circle on Saturday and then told
the mem bers about the changes that the order Is
now working under. —He' will 'visit' the councils at
Stockton to-morrow, the one at Gilroy on the 24ih
and probably other Councils ln the meantime.
. ■ .- — ♦ — * ■
Knights and Bailies of Honor.
West End Bodge has inaugurated a series of
socials, to be given on the thirl Tuesday of each
month.
The officers of Bay City and Pacific lodges were
installed by Deputy L. Kraimer last week.
Aurora Lodge, which hai been very active of
late, held an interesting meeting last Monday
night aud Initiated one candidate. The indica
tions are that this lodge will secure one of the
prize watches offered by the supreme protector.
District Deputy Mrs. K. R. VVever reports the
lodges in Alameda in a prosperous condition.
Woodmen of the World.
Assessment No. 80 has been called for and it
will be delinquent March 1.
I The local councils have made arrangements to
give an entertainment on the 27th inst. in "Native
tons' Hall in aid of one of the hospitals.
Head Consul Falkenterg will be In the City this
week and he will engage iv active work In behalf
of the order.
Kedwood Grove of the Woodmen's Circle has
been organized and Is doing well. It Is a bene
ficiary organization which Issues certificates irom
$500 to $2000 and places a $100 monument over
the grave of a deceased member. y
Companions of the Forest.
Loyal circle, Companions of the Forest (F. of A.)
will give an entertainment in Foresters' Halt to
night. * * i~<~. .:"'
olympia and Artlmas Ctroles gave entertain
ments last Saturday night and each was well at
tended. I
x he supreme chief companion and the supreme
grand secretary visited Alba Circle of Vallejo last
week. _ -night they will visit Columbia Circle in
Mrs. Gee of California Circle was on last Wed
nesday piesented by the members of the circle, a
beautiful $!n as a token of their esteem.
AROUND THE DIAMOND
The Piute Indians Defeated by
the Alameda Alerts
Yesterday.
C.htral Park Crowded With Spec-
tators to See the Red Men Play
the National Game.
"Nearly 10,000 spectators saw the Ala
meda Alerts scalp the Piute Indians at
Central Park yesterday, the score at the
end of the ninth inning being 6 to 2.
Tbe game, as an exhibition of baseball,
did not reach the expectation of the
crowd. The Indians seemed to bo afflicted
with stage fright, and at times their fran
tic playing kept the crowd in a happy
mood.
The Alameda Alerts had a large crowd
of rooters with them, but their noise was
slight compared with that of the Piutes'
sympathizers.
The game started with the Indians at
bat and Clattwa was given an ovation,
but he struck out Daubuke hit an easy
grounder to first, going out, and Wish
shon followed Clattwa's example.
The Alerts were unable to make con
nections with Aquartra's speedy ball until
the third inning, when J. Hammond started
the run getting by hitting safely to third;
Goldsworthy was hit by pitcher and went
to first, advancing Hammond, and Bird
then tilled the bases by a pretty bit to left
field. The Piutes' pitcher became nervous
and hit Brochoff, giving him his base and
forcing J. Hammond in. Aquartra settled
down for a moment and struck Muskimon
out. __rug then followed with a hot
grounder to left field for two bases and
bringing in Goldsworthy and Bird. W.
Hammond hit safely to center and Brochoff
scored. McCarthy threw to third to put
out Krug, but Clattwa let the ball go
through his hands and Krug came home.
McKee was next up and reached first on
a hit to third. McCarthy became anx
ious at Aquartra'B wild Ditching and took
his place in the box, and Mertes, an old
time player, went in as catcher. Aquar
tra retired to the bench. The crowd did
not fancy this move and they hooted the
new pitcher, but he set himself right by
striking out Jacot sen, who is one of the
Alerts' star batters. Hammond hit to
Chickwa, who made a lightning throw to
first, in time to put the speedy runner out
and end the inning.
The Alerts gained another run in the
sixth inning. McKee led off with a high
fly to second. Wishon ran from short to
capture it, as also did DanbuKe. The
former allowed the ball to slip through
his hands, but eagle-eyed Danbuke made
a grand-stand play by getting under it
before it reached the ground. Jacobsen
redeemed himself by bitting past center
for two bases. Hammond went out on a >
long fly to right field, and Goldsworthy
brought Jacobsen in on a two-base hit.
Bird hit to center, and a quick throw to
first retired the side.
In the seventh inning Zubie made a
wild swing at the first ball thrown, and to
the surprise of himself and the crowd sent
it over third for two bases. Chickwa,
becoming imbued with the same enthusi
asm, hit to right field, bringing in Zubie.
Dahu was hit by McKee and was given
bis base. McKee' s arm either gave out or
he felt be deserved a rest after striking
eleven men out. so he went to short and
Krug took bis place in the box. Krug be
gan hostilities by bitting Clattwa, who
went to first, filling the bases. Danbuke
struck out, and Wishshon hit to pitcher
and out. ■' . '.".'*:.•"» *""
McCarthy had a chance to go down to
posterity as a great player, there being
three men on bases and two men out, but
the effort was too great and he ignomlnl
ously struck out. The Piutes scored an
other run in the eighth inning, but the
Alerts had enough runs and did not take
their last inning.
The Indians played a good fielding
game, but were weak at bat. The playing
of Chickwa and Danbuke was of a high
order. ;! ■. -
The Alerts put up a ragged game and
had the Piutes been able to bat there
might have been a different story to tell.
The score is as follows:
I .DTK Indians, ab. c. e_ b-b. P.o. a. _b.
Clattwa, 3 b 6 000 112
DanbuKe, c. f 6 0 0 0 110
Wishon. as ...... 4 0 0 0 0 0 2
McCarthy, p. node. 3 0 0 13 10
Aquartra, p... 1 0 0 0 0 1 v
Suutia, 1 b.... ..... 4 0 0 0 6 11
Zubie, l. f 4 12 0 0 0 0
Uhic-wa, _ b. ...... 4 0 10 13 0
Dahu, r. t 2 0 0 0 10 0
Mertes, c l 1 0 3 10 0 1
T0ta1..... ......S3 2 3 _ 23 1 "a
ALAMEDA ALEUTS. AB. B. BE S.B. P.O. A. B.
Bud. c. f 4 110 0 0 0
Brochoff, 3b 3 10 0 110
Muskimon, I. f...... 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
Krug. ss. and p..... 4 1113 2 3
W. Hammond, c..4 0 1 114 2 2
McKee. p. and ss.. 4 0 110 10
Jacobsen, lb. 4 110 8 2 1
J. Hammond, r. .4 1 0 0 O 0 0
Golds worthy, 2 b... 3 1 1. 0 1 a 0
Total 34 6 6 3 27 10 "i
BY INNINGS.
Flutes 0 0 0 0 0 0 11 0-2
Basis hits 0 0 0 0 0 0 2 1 o—3
Alameda Alerts 0 0 5 0 0 1 0 0 o—6
Base hit 5. ..:... ......0 0 4 0 0 2 0 0 *— 6
SUMMARY.
Earned runs— Alameda Alerts 1, Plates 1. Two
base hits— Krug, Jacobsen, Zubie. First base on
errors— Alameda Alerts 5, Piutes 3. First base on
called halls, Blutes 5. Left on bases— Alerts 7,
I'iutes 8. struck out— McKee 11, Acquartra 3,
McCarthy 8, Krug 4. lilt by Pold&wortby,
Brochoff and Dahu.' Passed ' balls— Hammond.
Wild pilches— Aquartra. Time of game— l hour
and 4b minutes. Umpires— : Murphy on
bases and McDonald, balls and .-..rites.
* ■*,' ♦ "«," " "
Ancient City.''
"Mother," said; a thouehtful Boston I
child to his maternal relative.
"What is it, Waldo?".
"Is Philadelphia older than Boston,
mother?" ~ ( * ***
"Of course not,' my son.* .The first set
tlement was made in Charlestown in 1030,
while William Perm did not arrive on the
site of Philadelphia until fifty-two' years
later." ''* ">'/•■; •■_-";■' ."-'" •' ".'• '
"That was always my impression,
mother; but how is it that Philadelphia
is mentioned in the Bible," while Boston is
not?" Pittsburg Chronicle- Telegraph: "■
* — ■»■»-» — — — -
The wo best 'Medicines i for Consumption la Dr.
Jayne'a Expectorant and' Alterative. They ab
sorb the grannies of disease and heal the lungs. ■;'''.
■ They cure flatulence- Sanative' Pills. -
THE PARK PREPARED
TO HELP THE HURT
A Well- Equipped Ambu
lance Station Estab
lished There.
Celestials at the Chutes Make
the. Scene Bright With
Showy Silk. v
. At the Sutro Baths Swimming Sports
Were Well Attended — High
Diving the Feature.
The long continued wet spell cleared up
yesterday just in time for the people to
enjoy a good Sunday afternoon's outing
at the park and beach. There were a large
number who hastened out almost as soon
as the sun did. The Cliff flouse was
crowded and a large number took in the
sports at the Sutro Baths. The pictur
esqueuess of the park was aided by a
number of Chinese in their gayest silk
attire, enjoying their New Year's holi
days. •
There has just been completed a new
ambulance station at the park and here
after there will be a doctor there day and
night. He will have an assistant and a
driver and they will be ready to attend to
an emergency call at any hour of the day
or night. A receiving-room has been
fitted up adjoining the Park police sta
tion and the ambulance team will be
stabled near by.
At the Park Museum the curators have
just installed their collection of coins and
medals. They number 3,000, and there are
somo rare pieces among them. The Col
onial room has been rearranged and some
relics now displayed, which have been
sometime in possession, but are 'not yet
open for inspection. A number of new
gifts were received last week, among them
being the following: A Dresden china lace
group, "Tne Sleigh Ride," from S. and G.
Gump; four pairs of black-tail deer horns
from Hon. John Daggett; one pair walrus
tusks, elegantly carved, from J. L. Bard
well. All of the above were from city
givers. From Albion, N. V., came an egg
of the wandering albatross, the gift of F. H.
Lattin, and H. L. Dempsey of Stillwater,
11. 1., sent some historical relics. The at
tendance at the museum bas been very
ligbt for some time on account of tbe
weather. ' -:*.* ■'.:-
Out ou the beach some of the United
States life saving men rescued a fine piece
of timber from the surf. It was pro
nounced to be no part of a wreck, however.
The bO-yards boys' swimming race at
the Sutro Bat s was won by F. Clongh,
with F. Durand second. The 100-yard
race was won by H. F. Brewer and J.
Ringrose had second place. Fancy diving
by Shulte and Radican was one of the best
features. Shulte'9 long leap through the
air from the roof of the building — a dis
tance of sixty feet— was a pretty perform
ance, and J. Radican made a handspring
high dive, which made it hard to decide
which excelled. The clowns furnished
laughter for the afternoon with a repre
sentation of "Mamma's Pet" and*,bis irate
mamma, who catches him smoking ciga
rettes and gives chase to him with many
misfortunes to her skirts. The obstacle
race was very closely contested by Otto
Schulte and R. B. Cornell. They climbed
all the barriers and took every leap into
the water at the same instant, thus afford
ing a very pretty sight. In shimming
tbe last pool Cornell got a little ahead
and so won the prize. .
At the Chutes there was a good balloon
ascension, and on the stage which has
recently been erected there, the Japanese
acrobats, | the Hagiharss. did some won
derful balancing feats. The grounds were
crowded with richly dressed Chinese who
have been invited there to enjoy their
New Year's holidays, and the spectacle
they made was tbe best part of the show.
The Celestial children were fairly
i georgeous in their bright silk costumes.
The Chutes are now being run every after
noon and evening. The entrance has a tine
new electric sign, and many new electric
lights have been added to beautify the
grounds. ' *
MUSICALE FOR CHARITY
Doctors' Daughters Will Give
an Entertainment on
Wednesday.
Xi Psi Phi Banquet at De.mcnico's.
Colonial Dames Meet— Mac*
Farlane Surprise.
''_ . ■,*;r » .*■•■■ . .---V .'.:'• .•.■>•
On Wednesday evening next, February 10,
the well-known charitable organization, the
Doctors' Daughters, will give an elaborate
musicale at the residence of Mrs. B. F. Norris,
1822 Sacramento street. Every member of
this worthy association has taken an active
interest in this affair, and no pains have been
spared to make it the most delightful concert
of the season. The proceeds of the entertain
ment will be used by the daughters in pur
suance of their worthy chanties, and it is
hoped that all who fully realize the good work
constantly being done by these ladies will aid
the cause by their presence.
Among the popular talent who have kindly
offered their services on this occasion may be
mentioned Frank Coffin, Berkeley Mandolin
and Glee Club, Miss Ardella Mills, Miss John
son', Mr. Hughes, Mrs. Riggs, Mrs. Wightipan,
Miss Ferrer, Clara Schuman Quartet, the Press
Club Quartet.
.The price of tickets is 75 cents, including re?
Ires nts, and may be obtained from the
following Doctors' Daughters:
Miss Blair, Miss Goewey, Miss Horton, Miss
Cluness, Miss McEwen, Miss McMillan, Miss
Margo, Miss McKenzie, Miss Spinney, Miss
Stubbs, Miss Hyde, Miss Pleroe, Miss Jessie
Fillmore, Miss Quagn, Mrs. George H. Roe,
Mrs. E. McMillan, Mrs. Ballard, Mrs. John
Flournoy, Mrs. F. W. Tallant, Mrs. James Say
dam, Mrs. A. L. Tubbs, Mrs. Belcher, Mrs.
Stack, Mrs. Samuel Knight, Mrs. Watt, Mrs.
Win slow, Mrs. Tuttle; Mrs. Shreve, Mrs. Mc-
Kee, Mrs. D. T. Murphy, Mrs. E. H. Horton,
Mrs. Frederick Green. Mrs. William V. Bryan.
On Thursday evening tbo parlors of Del
monico were the scene of the usual banquet of
lota Chapter of the XI Psi Phi Dental Fra
ternity. The dinner was well attended and
many toasts were listened to with ' interest.
Among those present' were: Dr. A. A. D'An
cona. Dr. John M. Williamson, Dr. Charles A.
Litton, Dr. Paul C. Erbardt. Dr. H. Edward
-.edge, Dr. E. O'Connell, Dr. E. R. Waterman,
W. R. Hugees, J. W. Glnns. J. M. Stalder. A. J.
Colegrove, C. L. Morey, S. S. South worth, S. L.
Piper, Joseph Hooker and others. 
The Colonial Dames were extended the hos
pitality of Mrs. Henry Darneal's home in
Alameda last Tuesday. Mrs. George A. Crux
of the Virginia society, C. D. A., the first to
become a aame from California, read an inter
esting paper on one of her ancestors, John
Stanley ot noble English birth. ■ Susie Darneal
rendered some choice piano music. Those
present were Mrs. and - Miss Darneal, * Mrs.
Selden S. Wright, Mrs. George A. Crux, Mrs.
Henry Gibbon?., Mrs. and Miss Maddux, Mrs.
J. L. Moody, Mrs. c. Eiwood Brown, Miss Mary
Bowen, Mis? Raymond, the Misses A. B. Rose,
"Van Brunt and Mason ol Alameda." - " —
A very jolly " party surprised Mr. - and Mrs.
John E. MacFarlane on the evening of Febru
ary 1, the tenth anniversary of their wedding
day. ■•.:--. _• . ..♦ ";.-.--■.-,;
The happy couple soon made their guests
welcome. Mr. MHcFarlane is the president of
the Little Diamond Amateur l Yacht Club,
lately organized, and also a prominent mem
ber of the Caledonia Club.
The evening passed all too' quickly with
songs, recitations, "games, etc, and at 12
o'clock the guests spread a feast, of which all
partook. The toasts were witty and appropri
ate/as wero the decorations of the table, con
sisting of a miniature Stow Lake with Straw
berry Hill in the center and yachts and row
boats gayly floating in the lake. ,
The guests who took part in the surprise were
Mr. and Mrs. Alec MacFarlane, Mr. and Mrs.
Dan MacFarlane, the Misses MacFarlane, Mr.
and Mrs. O'Brien, Gordon Halliday. David
Halliday, Miss Hallidav, Miss Cruikshank.
Captain ami Mrs. J. Hayes. Miss Hayes, Mr,
and Mrs. T. D. Tunstead, Mr. and Mrs. C. Put
nam, Mrs. Putnam, Mr. and Mrs. Fred Hess, J.
E. Powell, Miss Nichols and Mrs. Simmons.
A very pleasant party was given to Miss Ida
Jennings by the "Aim wells" at her residence.
2547 Folsom street, last Saturday evening.
The parlor was gayly decorated for the occa
sion. Games and dancing were indulged in
until early in the morning. Those present
were: Miss I. Jennings, Miss F. Welsh, Miss
M. Culleu, Miss K. Cullen, Miss McGouglan,
Miss Dorthv. Miss. K. Hassett, Miss If. Ha.sett,
Miss M. Rei.ly, Miss E. Quinn, Miss P. Mus
cles.o. Miss A. Brennan, Miss H. Christson,
Miss La Valle, Mjss Forster, Miss .V. Forster,
Miss K. Forster, A. Cohnan, R. Gaughan,
J. Reilly, M. Leddy, S. Feeney, F. Sullivan,
T. Kent, T. Miichell, J. Gaughan, F. Sire,
<_. Sanders. D. Murphy, V. "Muiler, H. Colman,
J. Long, F. For J. O. Thompson, J. Toohey,
Mr. Clarnot, L. Orchard, Mr. Welsh, R. Steels,
F. Plunklet, E. Forrester, T.Malley, J.Rttford.
The Fin de Siecle Whist Club met at the
home of Miss Susie Logan on Tuesday evening,
February 2.
The decorations in the dining-room were
very pretty and novel. A net draped with
smil ax and evergreens formed a canopy over
the banquet-table. Those present were:- Miss
Alice Swift, Miss Di Golder, Miss Susie Logan,
Miss Trixy Lyons, Miss Benjamin, Miss Little,
Miss Emily Harris, Miss Birdie Gambitz. Miss
Faith Gambitz, Miss Lee of San Mateo,
Miss Lilly Beuman, Miss Alice Murphy, Miss
Stella Friedlander, Miss Cora • KeUey, Mr.
Wheeler. Charles Drury, George Devine,
Charles Hildebrecht, Dr. Taylor, Horace Mor
fan, Lee Gambitz, Mr. Brown, Ed Banning, Dr.
Stone, Mr. Schwartz, Mr. Burner, Charles
O'Kane, George Golder. '
The ladies connected with St. Paul's Lu
theran Church, corner of Eddy and Gough
streets, propose having two entertainments
for the benefit of that organization in the near
future. On next Thursday. February 11, they
intend celebrating the third anniversary of
the dedication of their handsome church
building In the spacious Sunday-school rooms
both in the afternoon and evening. The pro
gramme includes an address by the pastor,
Rev. J. M. Buehler, vocal and instrumental
music, declamations and a supper, for all of
which no charge will be made, voluntary of
ferings only, deposited into the basket and un
restricted as to amount, being expected. The
society, with its large membership approach
ing the 200 mark, has from its very beginning,
nearly thirty years ago, been an active and
successful auxiliary to the church. They are
already taking steps for a proper celebration
of its thirtieth anniversary, in May next.
Miss Florence and Arthur Raymond enter
tained a few of their friends Friday evening,
the sth inst., at tbeir mother's residence,
•3227 Twenty-first street. The early part of
the evening was spent playing ''progressive
ahem," at which Miss Janette Patridge and
Herbert Brace captured the capital prizes. A
number of musical selections were then ren
dered. The rest of the evening was spent in
playing games and dancing. Those present
were: Miss L. Brace, Miss M. Crandall. Miss F.
Denny, Miss E. Fairfield, Miss M. Griffith, Miss
J. Patridge, Miss A. Patridge, Miss J. Williams,
Miss F. Raymond, G. Crandall, F. Cutler, H.
Brace, G. Doaue and others.
A charming wedding took place last Wednes
day evening at the residence of Charles
Hoppe, 1717 Larkin street, the bride being his
sister. Miss Isabelle Hoppe, and the groom
Jesse J. Langa of New York. The Rev. Charles
Parkins performed the marriage ceremony, at
9 o'clock, in the presence of relatives and
friends of the contracting parties. .
The bride was given away-toy her brother,
Charles Hoppe. She was attended by Miss
Cappie Knight and Fred Hoppe acted as best
man. Master Aldrich Harris was floral bearer
and carried the ring in a basket of Bride roses.
The bride wore a pale blue silk gown
trimmed -vith Honiton lace.
The house was beautifully decorated and
after the ceremony a sumptuous wedding
supper was served.
A surprise party was tendered the Misses
Edna and Marguerite Honn by their many
friends Thursday evening at their residence,
3508 Twenty-third street. The evening waa
spent in the enjoyment of songs, games and
dancing.
Those present were: The Misses Eva and
Ella McCloskey, Miss Emma Labadie, Miss
Doia Healy, Miss May Daggett, Miss Mabel
Hindy, Miss Flossie Wyatt, the Misses Alice,
Josephine and Gussie Murry, Miss Tlllie Em
hofl, Miss Til!ie Erb, Miss Ethel Wedge*, ood,
the Misses Virgie and Mabel Rice, Miss Virgie
Potter, "* the Misses Anna, Mabel and Maggie
McDonnell, Miss Rose Healy, Miss Mercy Bos
elly, Miss Juliet Healy, Mrs. Erb, Mrs. Em
hoi-, Mrs. . Horan," Mrs*. McCloskey, " Mr. and
Mrs. J. 8. Houn, Mr. Potter, Harry Stafford,
Charlie Boselly, William and Arthur Wedge
wood, William and Ralph Maurer, Eugene
Moss, Elmer Ellis, D. Broderick, James Healey
and Frank Peters.
A most enjoyable surprise party was given to
Miss Mary Stolberg at her home, 2303 Twenty
fourth street, on Wednesday evening, Febru
ary 3. The large and magnificent parlors were
taken possession of by the merry surprlsers at
8:15 o'clock, and dancing and games were
participated in.
At 10 :30 o'clock Miss Emma Lawton and T.
Walker lea the grand march to the dining
room, where a sumptuous repast was spread.
Upon returning to the parlors a varied literary
and musical entertainment was given, In
which Miss Mac O'Connor, Miss N. Dolan, Miss
Stolberg, Messrs. E. D. Sulllvan. T. Walker and
E. P. Barry took part.
Among those present were: Miss N. Dolan,
Miss T. O'Connor, Miss E. Lawton, Miss Mac
O'Connor, Miss Mary Stolberg, Miss K. Nash,
Miss K. Costeilo, Miss Stanwood, Miss Rose
/£**■"'* \stSSSSmmmmmmmMMmm\m f X*y I JJJO^^ r^ I
MR. WILLIAM MYCROFT,
546 Minna Street
AS STRAIGHT AS A STRING," "AS
■**■*■ bright as a dollar," "as strong as an
ox," is William Mycroft of 546 Minna
street In the parlance of. his trade he
"slings the hammer," and right merrily
does the anvil resound as the sparks sput-
ter and fly and the great big beads of hon-
est toil fall down around and about the
cheerful, healthful face of William My-
croft, I saw him yesterday. He. stopped
tor a few moments and told me what he
thought of the great California herb
remedy, JOY'S VEGETABLE SARSA-
PARILLA. He told me how he had been
suffering from a liver trouble, then pains
in his back, how he kept awake at night
scratching, scratching— always scratching;
how he took a medicine with iodide of
potash ; how the scratching became worse ;
then he used the California herb remedy,
JOY'S VEGETABLE SARSAPARILLA.
He mended from the first week. He got
better and better; was now well. He said :
"lam glad I insisted on getting JOY'S
VEGETABLE SARSAPARILLA. You
know some druggists always try to make
you take just what you doa't want. When
I went in for my second bottle I had to
talk an hour before I got it. . You bet, I
get JOY'S VEGETABLE SARSAPA-
RILLA when I want a good blood purifier.
See — look at my hands and face. They
are not filled with blood blotches, are they ?
Well,' they were six weeks ago; * that's be-
fore I began to use JOY'S VEGETABLE
BARSAPARILLA.!' As I * left I could
hear the good man beat out on his anvil—
JOY'S, JOY'S, JOY'S for the jaded.
ij^pHj CT^#Xr I>, V_Tr^jVivfpf^a ff^t"'^ fl&A*^ tio^^l
olberg, Mr. and Mrs. Stolberg, Mr. and Mrs
Ddinpsev, Messrs. E. D. Sullivan, G. H. Burgers,
H. Dempsey, B. Lawton. E. P. Barry, A. Tyrill,
T. Walker, F. XV. Burgers, G. Peterson, J. Nash,
E. Lynch, \v. Fisher and William Dempsey.
Dr. Benjamin Apple lett on Wednesday by
the Sunset Limited for an extended trip
through the East and Europe. ' ' "
Mrs. I. Ulnars of 1231 Vallejo street has re
turned from- an extended visit to her
daughter, Mrs. I. Green, in Los Angeles.
' Mrs, Lauron Ing els ot New York City, with
her daughter. Miss Chellah 0t"«a Tneels, ar
med last week and will spei d the winter
mouths with her parent..
Mr. and Mrs. Morion Llndley (nee Davis) of
San Francisco, who have been visiting places
of interest in the Rocky Mountains, are now in
Denver. - ..».,._.-
The .San Francisco Grutli-Verein will hold
its annual mnsquerade ball at San Francisco
Turner Hall, 323 Turk street, Saturday even
ing, February 13. ,_
congregation Nevah Zedeck will give a
grand Hurim ball at Odd Fellows' Hall Sunday,
March 7.* • .•_-._:,■■__■; *, ■ . "
Stanford Parlor No. 78, N. S. G. W. will hold
its eleventh anniversary ball Friday evening.
February 26. _ «■ ■ . _, .:.*-• B
Fi* tjure |T
Sore Throat pJIDC IT
Sore Month. ; [ CURE IT
Enlarged Lumps. PI IDC IT
Falling Hair. PIJBC IT
SHn Ernpttons. PIIDC IT
Glandular taps. PIIDC IT
Partial Loss PIIRF IT
Of EyeDrow. QURE IT
EtjXlXs)®_tX_D®(_D__*__K_^^
I Means Blood Disease I
i(_x?)(_**_**xs)<_x^^
30-Day Cure Is Safe.
30-Day Circulars Free.
HUDYAN hm * m
HUDYAN cm ftr
HUDYAN mm MaiM '
HUDYAN H6r ' m **^'
HUD if AN Blnes * Losses '
HUDYAN Mela " clloIla *
HUDYAN ™of Hen.
|> _X-*_D_*"<_"*_^^
I CIRCULARS FREE,
®___D___tX_X_X*_^^
Hudson Medical Institute
Stockton. Market and Ellis Sta.
THE ~
WEEKLY
CALL
Ilt Publishes the Cream of th*
News of the Week and
MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
ORIGINAL FEATURES.
IT IS THB BEST WEEKLY
PAPER ON THB ,
PACIFIC COAST
Always Republican, but Always
Fair and Impartial in Its
Rendering of the Po-
litical News. .
It's the Paper to Send East If
You Want to Advertise
California.
pi The Best \ /Mining
©< Telegraphic \S News That
c* Service on /\ Is Accurate
mj The Coast / \& up to date
P*j Not a Line of it Sensational
°) or Faky, and Not a Line of
°S it Dry or Uninteresting.
2 * PAPER FOR. THE COUNTRY FIRESIDE.
g ; •,. ■ .... - —•••■■■■-
J Bright, Clean. A Champion of
OC Thoughtful. Truth.
3 A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
3 ALL THE TIME. " .' r." . .'.'-./
°) IT ADVOCATES SENTRY
OC HOME ' ' MAIL, $1.30
d INDUSTRIES A YEAR. ■
3 THE CALL SPEAKS FOR AltNATIONAL GUARD
OF CALIFORNIA
The indications from Sacramento are
that the National Guard will receive an
appropriation that will enable it to secure
that which it needs badly, namely, uni
forms, overcoats and blankets, but tbe
chances for encampments are very slight
as the energy of parties interested ap
pears to be in the direction of securing an
appropriation for camp sites. If the bill
for sites passes there is but little hope for
an appropriation for encampments.
The bill which was introduced by Sena
tor Pedlar will, it is asserted, not trouble
the guard any more in this session, as it
is claimed that it has teen killed in the
military committee; but there are others
and one which is likely to meet with favor
in the committee is the one known art the
Cross bill. This is said to have some good
features in it and those who are interested
in the guard have promised to have those
good features retained and have the ob
jectionable ones eliminated. This bill,
among other things, aims to prevent the
possibility of placing at the head indi
viduals who have not seen service in the
guard, that ia crowding out politicians
lor men of experience, men who know
something about the formation of a regi
ment out of a column of fours. The bill
increases the number of companies in the
guard from sixty-five to seventy, the ad
ditional companies to be located where
needed, that matter to be determined
upon a review of the military condition of
the State. It adds the brigadier-general
of each brigade to tho board of location
and organization within the brigade
limits, it also provides that the major
general and the brigadier-generals shall
have served four years in the National
• Guard before appointment and of that
time to have served two years as a field
officer, lt further provides that all staff
officer*: must be residents of the brigade
territory of the brigade to which such
officers -.re attached.
Further the bill provides tbat each com
pany, troop or battery shall be composed
or not less that fifty nor more than 103
officers and privates. There shall be an !
annual inspection and muster of the
Guard in the month of March of each
year, and company officers must make out
triplicate reports to tbe major-general,
brigadier-general and adjutant-general.
The hospital and ambulance corps shall
not exceed six men; the present law al
lows not to exceed twelve. A regiment is
io consist of not less than eight nor more
than twelve companies, to be divided into
battalions of not le.s than lour companies.
Tue new sections regulate rifle practice !
and the organization of a sanitary corps. i
Section 2094 is amended so as to do away I
with Galling puns and permit the intro- !
duction of artillery. The appropriation of
$4000 per annum for the promotion of rifle
practice is reduced to $.500. Certain ap
propriations for the equipment of the
brigade signal corps are cut off.
Major Tilden, who bas always proved
a friend of the guard, went to Sacramento
ast week, and when before the military
committee discovered tnat in one of the
hi. was a provision that members of the
National Guard should not be exempt
irom the payment of poll tax. Under the
old constitution it was expressly stipu
lated that National Guardsmen, or militia
men, as they were formerly called, shouid
i.c exempt Irom the payment of poll tax,
but me uew constitution leaves the mat
ter in doubt as to whether the men should
pay such tax. The major soon convinced
the committee that it was a rank injus
tice to compel men to give their time to
the State without compensation, drill and
"be ready to turn out in case of need at a
moment's notice, and then pass a law
compelling them to pay poll tax. The
clause was stricken from tbe bill in which
it had been inserted.
It is probable that the call for the elec
tion of a colonel to iiil the vacancy caused '
by the resignation ot Colonel Macdonald
will be issued during the week, some time
after the meeting of the board of officers
on Thursday next.
Colonel Frame V. Sumner has during
lhe past weeK declared that although his
name had been mentioned in connection
with the colonelcy of the First of the
Second Brigade, be did not want to be con
sidered a candidate lor the place, and
added that he would not accept the re
sponsibility ol the command.
This narrows the numberof possibilities
to two — Lieutenant-Colonel Duboce, acting
colonel of the regiment, and Major Huber.
The lr ends of the acting colonel say that
he has not declared himsel: as a candidate
for the position, and that- with a spirit of
independence that is commendable, he |
will r.ot ask for the position, taking the !
ground tbat the office should seek the I
man and not the man the office. They i
claim for him that, as he practically has I
been the head of the legiment from the j
time Colonel Macdonald was named, the i
officers have had an opportunity to de- j
termine his fitness fur the position, and I
that if they desire to retain him in it they '
should maKe the offer and then give him
such a vote as would demonstrate, not by
a mere majority, but by unanimity, confi
dence in his ability.
Next Monday the signal corps of the
Second Brigade, which has been captain
less sines the resignation of Captain Board
man, will elect his successor. It is very
probable that tbe election will result in
the unanimous choice of First Lieutenant
i'_ji*i ( * J. Perkins.
Companies C and G (the Nationals) will
give a party on tbe evening of the 10th
ins.
There is a possibility that Company F,
First Infantry, Second Brigade, may go
into camp for two days shortly.
There is to be a battalion shoot next
Sunday.
The recommendation of the officers of
the Fifth Infantry, Second Brigade,
for camp ovens, has met with favorable
..-ration from tbe military commit
tee at Sacramento, as well as from the Ad
jutant-General.
The Third Brigade.
SACRAMENTO, Cal.. Feb. s.—Bat
talion drill in the Third Brigade drew a
• full attendance last night, Company G be
ing represented ny fully sixty men and i
Company X having < l 8 many present, j
Owing to the sickness of Colonel Guthrie 1
-.-•._-_-_
Captain Steams, as ranking captain, was
in command and fully demonst'ated that
he was familiar with all the duties of an
officer of the National Guard. After assem
bling at the armory the two companies
were divided into four companies, but
owing to the lack of space but three com
panies were drilled at a time. Tbe men
l show marked improvement in tactics and
all marching movements and are enthu
siastic in all pertaining to the welfare of
the guard.
On Washington's birthday tbe battalion
will have a field day and will march to Ag
ricultural Park witn full equipments and
twenty rounds of blank cartridges.
Company G received four applications
at its last held meeting, which will be
acted upon on next Monday night. One
of the applicants is Heath, formerly of
Company B.San Francisco, and wno for
some' time has held the position of military
instructor at the lone School.
At the school for instruction of non
commissioned officers of Company G. held
Tuesday evening, the members became so
interested that Captain Steams had con
siderably difficulty in persuading them to
retire even after a two-hour drill. Troop
_$, Captain Cook, is rapidly coming into
form, and only lacks outdoor exercise to
bring it in condition to make any troop in
the State look to its laurels. The mem
bers are looking forward to a ten-day
outing, mounted, during the summer.
The following is a copy of a letter in
answer to one received by Adjutant-Gen
eral Barrett from Adjutant-General Axline
of Ohio:
Sacramento, Dec. 16, 1896.
General 11. A. Axline, Adjutant-General of
Ohio, Co umbus, Ohio — Sir: Re-plying to your
letter of the 10th inst. relative as to what the
United Stales Government should do in the
matter of additional appropriations for the
purpose of assisting the several States in
maintaining its National Guard I will briefly
state mv views in the matter:
First— The National Guard of the different
States are practically to-day the standing army
of tne Government, and should trouble arisi
with any foreign nation they would be the
nucleus of the army of this country, Bud
therefore I claim that it is but just that this
Government shoum furnish to all of the States
modern and uniform arms and equipments so
I that all Stales would be equipped aliKe; as the
I condition of the National Guard of the differ
ent States now stands no two States arc
equipped the same and in case of war there
would be a difference oi arms, equipments,
rules and regulations.
i am a firm believer, so far as possible, in the
principle that all officers and men should be
schooled and disciplined in the rules and
regulations as adopted by the United States
I Government, so that if the time should ever
I occur that the troops irom aifferent States
should be called together they would all be
accustomed to the same rules and regulations
and practices.
Ido not think that the United States Gov
! ernmental the present time is appropriating
Its pro rata expense of maintaining the Na
| tional Guard ot the different States. For illus
tration, the state of Calif. .spends annu
' ally about the sum of $150,000 on its National
■ Guard a.-.a tht.- United States Government only
allots to this State *7700.
• Second— l believe the amount should be so
I increased that in addition to furnishing the
i proper arms and equipments to the States, the
I United States should pay an annual per diem
of $2 to each member of the National Guard
for a ten days' encampment for the purpose ol
drills and instructions. Such encampment
snould be thoroughly inspected and instructed
1 by a competent officer of the regular army.
In this State the members of the National
Guard assemble for the purpose oi drills, pa
rades and target practice on an average oi
about fltty times a year. This is done entirely
without compensation, but for pure and pa
triotic motives, and I believe that the Govern
ment should pay for a camp of instructions
once a year, and I am satisfied that it would
be an incentive to' all National Guardsmen
which would be highly appreciated and would
be beneficial to this Government, and result
in having a National Guard which, when
called upon, would compose an army of which
the people oi this country would feel justly
proud: and I believe ihat Congress should ap
propriate, annually, the sum of at least
.-3,000,000, to be distributed to the different
I States pro rata, in accordance with the num-
I ber of National Guardsmen they may have,
| and 1 fee. assured that the people of this coun
i try would be exceedingly gratified to know
that their money was thus expended.
I shall take great pleasure in co-operating
with you i.i any measures that miv be for the
best interests nl the National Guard. lam,
very respectfully, A. XV. Barrett.
Adjutant-General.
-he Sixth Infantry.
The resignation of Colonel J. J. Nunan
as commander of Sixth Infantry has been
accepted, and the election to fill the va
cancy has been ordered for the loth inst.
This, it is generally believed, will result
in the promotion of Lieutenant-Colonel
Stuart S. Wright to the colonelcy and of
Major Colin Chisholm to be lieutenant
colonel, Should that programme carry
the headquarters will be removed from
Stockton to Fresno.
The Naval Hut .lion.
The members of the Naval Battalion at
this port have, like the other members of
the National Guard, been more or less
troubled about the possible action of the
legislators, but last week word came from
Sacramento that there would not be any
disturbance of the boys who drill on the
Comanche, and consequently there is more
quietude in the ranks. And, better still,
the battalion has the promise of assistance
from the lawmakers.
The battalion is beingdriiled thoroughly
both on land and sea and tbe men are
taking a great deal of interest in the work
assigned to them and in the instructions
imparted. The battalion is at this time
virtually the only body of artillery in the
guard. It is provided with the finest
rapid-firing guns in the service— guns that
are effective in action.
Of late there has been opened a school
for the instruction of the men and the
petty officers. The tactics of the battalion
are somewhat difficult to understand with
out thorough explanation, and it is for the
purpose of preventing each individual
trom placing lis own construction on
these tactics that there is a s< hool of in
struction in the quarters on East street.
At stated times the petty officers are
called together and informed by one com
petent to do so the exact meaning of every
movement required and of the necessary
commands. If this was done in other
branches of the service it would result in
much good.
Then there is the lyceum, at which
lectures are to be delivered at least once a
month. The lirst of these was delivered
last Tuesday by A. H. Elliott of the sec
ond divi.ion. His subject was "The
Siege of Vicksbu.g by Land ami Water,"
and it is said by those wne heard it that it
was a masterly and most interesting and
instructive exposition from a staudpoint
of the army and the navy. The second of
these will be given on the evening of the
2d of March by Lieutenant Commander
louis H. Turner, who will talk on "The
Methods of Naval War.are, Past and
Present." He will dwell on the manner
of ship-fighting in the days of the Consti
tution ana La Guerriere, the Alabama and
the Kearsnrge, and the present methods.
Crews of the first and second divisions
are getting ready for the second boat race
lor the flag that was given by Irving M.
Scott, and which was won by the crew of
the second division on the occasion of the
first race. The following is the make-up
of the crew: First division — J. R. Healey
(cox-wain), F. Scbnalle, F. Murphy, C.
Ludeman, George Greene, P. Murray and
JacK Meyers. Second division— T. Bowe
(coxswain), W. Odeu, 11. Hanna, C. John
son, C. Undegrea, A. Halliday and H.
Schroder.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1897.
Prize Winner John Greeley Speaking at Metropolitan Temple in the League of the Cross Contest.
THE SILVER MEDAL
WON BY GREELEY
Third District Rally of
the League of the
Cross.
i
i Young Men in Five Essays
Told Well the Cost of
Drunkenness.
Extracts From What the Speakers
Said — A Fine Audience and
Much Applause.
I
The League of the Cross of the Third
district held their rally at Metropolitan
Temple yesterday afternoon. It was en
joyed by a fine audience which havine
filled every seat overflowed, into the aisles
along tho side walls.
The main event on the programme was
the oratorical contest between tbe young
men representing the several parishes of
the third district on tbe general subject of
"What Drunkenness Costs," for the silver
medal. The winners of silver medals in i
the various districts are to compete finally j
for a gola medal next July. There was
also a musical programme.
The several parishes were represented \
as follows, and the young men spoke in
this order, which was deemed by lot:
Thomas Horan, St. Rose's.
James O'Donnell, St. Theresa's.
John Greely, St. Brendan's.
Paul Frateesa, All Hallows.
W. Hampton Sbadburne, St. Mary's.
Company H, League of tbe Cross Cadets j
of St. Brendan's parish, in fatigue uni
form, 115 strong, in command of Captain
J. J. Powers, First Lieutenant L. J. !
Healey and Second Lieutenant J. I*. Re- j
j-an, occupied seats on the platform. Tel
, chairman was Thomas G. Spillane. He
; was introduced by W. A. Breslin, grand j
, secretary of the league. He reviewed the •
i history of the order. Others who occupied
seats on the platform were Rev. Father P. !
O'Ryan, spiritual director of the league,
I and Rev. Father M. D. Connolly, pastor of
j St. Paul's Church. Tbe former delivered
I the invocation. All the parishes were
! largely represented in the audience and
; liberally applauded their young cham
pions. Following are extracts from the
essays delivered.
Thomas Horan said that "What Drunk
enness Costs'' can be answered by the
many starving children. Christ said no
j drunkard shall enter heaven. The drunk-
I ard wrones himself and his Goa. He
neglects his religious duties, public and
private. Drink is the greatest foe to tbe
church. How can God respect the man
I who does not respect himself? "We ad-
I monish Catholics engaged in selling liquor
j to consider tne danger of sin. Let them re
j remember tbat there is an avening heaven,
wnich will bring a terrible retribution.*'
Physical and mental wrecks, insane asy
lums, 'haritable institutions, the Coro
ner's office, the jails, show what drunken
ness costs."
James O'Donnell of St. Theresa's Parish
said drunkenness is the cause of nearly all
I evil. Fifty per cent of all crime is due to
liquor. He went extensively into statis- I
lies showing to what extent crime has its
inception in drink. But statistics left out
the great thing of all— the loss of tbe soul
"The prime agent of vice is intemper
ance," said John Greeley, representing St.
Brendan's parish. He spoke without
manuscript. Lost manhood, lust, lost
womanhood and all otlier evils' were
created and lostered by liquor. Drunkards
begot drunkards. About 00,000 persons in
this country yield their lives to Bacchus.
Tbe world laments that bard times and
strikes are undermining society, but $156.
--000.000 more are spent for liquor than for
the necessaries of life.
"Eighty thousand paupers are now
wandering through the land. Thousands
of men, women and children are crying
out bitterly airainst the evil of intemper
ance. Drunkenness in this country leads
to 19 per cent or divorces. But Bacchus
could not always remain supreme, for
while there's life there's hope. Another
army is steadily being organized to meet
him and would draw their swords for
victory."
Paul F. Fratessa of All Hallows parish
was frequently interrupted by applause.
He said tbat in America the liie of the
inebriate is comparatively short and the
per.od of moderate drinking not so
marked. When a young man went out
into the battle of life not even parental
counsel could protect him Iron the temp
tation of the social class, the good com
panion and the saloon. He pictured in
excellent language the degradation of the
drunkard. I: each saloon in San Fran
cisco made but $1 per day the total
amount in one year would build 1200
homes at $1200 each.
W. H. Snadburne of St. Mary's parish
said that man since tbe earliest ages has
been prone to intoxication. Drunken
ness, even in the worst of Roman de
bauches, did not produce the maddening
influences of modern John Barleycorn.
The epidemic of drunkenness dates from
the close of the seventeenth century.
Then distillation came into use. The
speaker cited numerous instances of habit
ual intoxication among noted characters
of history. Retailers of gin were accus
tomed to bang out a sign in England stat- j
ing that their customers could be made
drunk for a penny and aead drunk for
twopence. Drinking was then universal
and a social vice in this country
and in England. Private families have
now much improved, but, he asked, how
about the public? He called attention to
the wide influence of saloons in modern
politics; said the Nation is debtuched
and there seemed to be no law to remedy
it. Yet the Knights of the Cross had mul
tiplied in tho face of the enemy.
Rev. Father Connolly also made an ad
dress. He highly complimented the !
young speakers on their subject matter
and tneir delivery. He said that if the
movement of the Leaeue of the Cross had
been started twenty-five years ago San
Francisco would have had an entirely
different set of young men to-day.
li was here announced that the judges*
thought the essay of John Greeley of St.
Brendan's parish was the best and he was
awarded the silver medal. The St. Bren
dan cadets and partisans loyally aud
rotisingly rose up and emitted their
parish yell. The nidges were Miss N. F.
Sullivan, John J. Barrett and Fred Jung.
Rev. Father O'Ryan also made som_
remarks, and others entertained the audi
ence as follows:
Vocal solo, George V. Wood; cornet solo,
M. Greunan; vocal solo, Miss Katharine Black ;
humorous vocal selections, J. C. O'Donnell;
accompanist. Miss M. Georgian!.
MRS. LILLIE MADE REPLY
j Answered Recent Criticisms o!
the R?v. Dr. Farrand on
Spiritualism.
: She Said Spiritual Belief C early Has
Its Foundation in the Carlstian
Bible.
The Society of Progressive Spiritualists
resumed public meetings last evening at
Scottish Hall, 105 Larkin street, after a
vacation of eight months. Mrs. R. S. Lii
ie, the noted inspirational m* dium of
j Boston, was speaker. A previous an-
I nouncement that Mrs. Lillie would reply
! to the attack recently made upon spirit
; ualism by tbe Rev. Dr. Farrand of How
! ard Presbyterian Church attracted a large
• audience. William Rider, the president,
introduced Mrs. Lillie.
She stated that the influences control
| ling her desired to reply to the attack.
i She said spiritualism is as old as any reli
■ gion. What is known as modern spirit
ualism had its origin in Hydesville, N. V.,
through the mediumship of the Fox fam
ily, in the year 1848.
Men of scientific attainment have thor
oughly investigated the phenomena of
spiritualism, and when not absolutely
j convinced of the source of the manifesta
| tions have admitted that they could not
i account for them on any other than the
j spiritual hypothesis. Some stubbornly
declare them to be diabolism. Tbe speaker
I said that many reforms and advanced
! thoughts were directly traceable to spirit
! ualism. She said that if spiritualism was
| dependent upon any book for its founda
i tion, that book is the Bible. Spiritualism
j could get along without Christianity, but
■ Christianity could not get along without
i spiritualism, as the Bib is full of ac
l counts of spiritual manifestations.
Referring to the statement that the Fox
sisters at one time denied tbeir medium
ship Mrs. Lillie said that the Fox family
were all church members and the mother
a praying woman. If spiritualism was of
the devil why did not God answer that
good woman's prayers and suppress those j
early manifestations instead o. permitting
t them to spread like prairie fire all over
j the civilized world? Referring again to
the exposure of spiritualism by the Fox
girls th*- speaker said that Christianity
had its Judas and Peter, and spiritualism
had its Maggie and Kate.
The charge of fraud made by Dr. Far
rand the speaker did not deny. She said
that all things of value were counter
feited, and Presbyterianism would have
been had it been worth while. That
fraud -was practiced by some dishonest
persons claiming to be mediums spiritu
alists did not deny. The chnree ot infi
delity was answered by a quotation from
Scripture, "God is a spirit, ana whosoever
worships him must worship in spirit and
in truth."
At the close of the address Mrs. Lillie
gave an inspirational poem upon subjects
given by the audience. Mr. Lillie sang
some solos. The subject announced for
next Sunday evening waa, "The Bible
and Spiritualism."
NEW TO-DAY.
7 II .JT the reduced price
«Of the Utica Kitchen Stove, the King of
ail cheap stoves. This stove has six 7-inch
flUT'lCA li 1 holes and an oven ISxlBx9J^ inches. We
rpja*iri_f|^ii are really giving this stove away by selling
■<■ — - it at this price. And to make the gift more
lE^ complete, two joints of pipe and elbow go
— i__Lh*L with every one. We guarantee them on a
money-back proposition.
.our specialties. I JOHN F. MYERS CO.,
..IYER'S Improved Oil Heaters and '
Blue i iame Cookers. 947 Market Street. S. F.
FERRY-BOATS ARE
RAVING BAD LUCK
The Oakland Laid Up for
Repairs and the New
ark Breaks Down.
A Steamer That Has Been Laid
Up tor Years Put in Com
mission.
She Will Carry Freight Until the
0:d Timers Are Ready for
Work Once Mare.
The Southern Pacific's ferry steamers
have been playing in nard luck lately and
in consequence th traveling public has
had to suffer. Some days aco the Oak
land gave out and had to be taken off the
route for an overhauling. She was so foul
tnat the limit set on her steam gauge by
the Government inspectors of hulls and
boilers had to be exceeded in order to
make time. The Newark was accordingly
taken from the creek route and put in her
place and the old Garden City was hauled
out of retirement and put into the freight
business.
Yesterday tbe Newark broke down. On
one of the early morning trips a crank
pin cracked and the steamer had to reach
her slip under a slow bell.
Then the trouble began. The Bay City
was ordered to take the place of the New
ark, and the cooks and waiters, barkeep
ers and bootblacks had to pack up their
stock in trade and move in quick order.
The men on the Newark went aboard the
Bay City and those on the latter vessel
transferred themselves, bag and baggage,
to the Ei Capitan. For a couple of trips
contusion reigned, and frequently when a
man ordered a chop he got a steak, ana
when he ordered whisicy straight he was
just a-* likely as not to get rum or brandy.
The El Capitan is a small but fast boat,
and on several trips yesterday afternoon
she was very much overcrowded.
It will be several days before the Newark
is repaired, and in the meantime the
people on the narrow-guage route will
have to put up with the overcrowding on
El Capiian. To fill up the want on the
creek route the old Thoroughfare, which
has not done any steady work for years,
will be tit in commission and will run
between San Francisco and the foot of
Broadway until the regular steamers are
in commission again. The people of Oak
land and Alameda will thus get tbeir
freight as usual, and the only sufferers
will be the traveling public.
The youngest vessel in the fleet men
tioned is the Bay City, and she was built
in San Francisco as far back as 1873. The
next in point of age is the Newark, which
was also built in Sun Francisco in 1877,
and, strange to say, she celebrated her
birthday by breaking down. The Oakland
was built in Oakland in 1875. the Thor
oughfare in San Francisco in 1871 and the
smart little El Capitan in 1868. It will
thus be seen that there can be no cause
for wonderment when an occasional break
down among the Southern Pacific's
steamers is reported.
Old Dutch, Hungarian, English, Japanese
gray and green oaks, fine mat gilts and green
and gold bronzes for picture frames at San
born. Vail & Co.'s. 741 Market street. Picture
department next to frame department, on
ground floor. *
• — ■_► — •
The .Mi/|>.ti_ Charity Club.
The following named ladies have beeen in
stalled as officers of the Mizpah Charity Club:
Mrs. A. C. Kulofson. president; Mrs. H.
Newell, vice-president; Mrs, C. Nutting, re
cording secretary; Miss M. L. Elliott, corre
sponding secretary; Mrs. B. Day. treasurer.
The secretary's report ior 18'.'t» showed that
alter thorough Investigation ns to their
worthiness, both by the club's committee and
Associated Charities, nine families were as
sisted. Four huudred and eighty-six articles
were made for different Charities, viz: Chil
dren's Hospital. Maria Kip Orphanage, Irtt_-.it
Shelter, Nursery Home and Needlework Guild.
There are but few active workers In this club,
bo that all things considered the year's report
was gratifying to Mizpah's members.
MIGHT STOP CARS
TO THE PRESIDIO
| Effect of a Two- and- a- j
Half -Cent Fare on
Union Street.
Streetcar Employes Think the
Companies Would ReduCß
Their Wages.
Assistant Superintendent Collins on
Lower Fare and Its Result
on Employes.
Street-car men are much interested in
legislative proceedings at Sacramento.
Like many other citizens, the gripman,
the motorman and the conductor do not
get up a ball hour before breakfast and
while the coffee is getting hot peruse with
vivid interest legislative proceedings in the
morning paper, but just now the amount
of bis wages is tied up in the Braun
nart bill proposing to reduce streetcar
fare to 2% cents between 6 and 8 o'clock
in tbe morning and 5 and 7 o'clock in the
evening. The men say that if the bill
passes the hrst thine: the streetcar com
panies will do will be to cut their pay,
i and it might result in a walk-out on some ,
j of the roads of the City if it did not become
1 general.
Assistant Superintendent Dennis Col
lins of the Union-street Railway said last
evening:
"The price of coal and bread always re- j
mains about the same. If the bill reduc- |
i ing fares becomes a law I feel that wages \
will be reduced. The wage-earner always
teels tirst the reduction ot expenses. Fuel j
and food prices are not cut."
Assistant Superintendent Collins did
not say there would be a strike on th .
Presidio line, but be added:
"I am satistied that if fares are reduced '
to '_._; cents the line will have to be closed i
od. The company is not making any
money. We have been carrying an aver
age number of passengers less per day
during each of the last five years. As
compared with five years ago, we are now I
carrying 2000 less passengers per day. i
The population is not increasing; it is de- i
creasing, and there are not enough people
to make up the difference. Ido not tee
how the California- street or the Sutter- '
street line could stand a 2};-cen fare. One
thing that we could do would be to issue I
no more transfers. All we get now for
transfers is 2\£ cents, and we certainly
could not carry a passenger for IJ4 cents."
•'Have you received any instructions
to tbe effect that the line will be shut
down if the 2__>cent bill nasses?"
"No, I have not. I don't need any in
structions on that point. It is self-evi
dent to me."
"What are the men on the line paid
now?"
"At the rate of $2 15 per day; formerly
$2 25. They have an hour off for dinner."
Superintendent Vining of the Market-
J street Railway Company recently said
S that they pay their men over 2% cents of
! every fare, and that all the company
| makes on each litre is a fraction of a cent.
A board on tbe side of a house at
Forbes, Mo., was removed the other day
I by the owner, as it appeared warped. He
I found a hive in the wall and 125 pounds of
I honey. The bees had entered through a
[ knothole.
KEW TO-DAT.
"The use of tea in the United States has
fallen off one-half in twenty years." —
The advertised confes-
sion of one of our great-
est tea merchants.
The once great power
of tea and coffee is no
longer what it used to
be.
Chocolate has been
accepted as a better
substitute. To drink it
is to drink the most de-
licious and invigorating
drink in the world.
The Pacific Coast
chocolate — Ghirardel-
li's is the best of all.
Always fresh, with a
guarantee of perfect
purity.
DEWEY &CO.^
patents! 3
!-^-MafJketsSs!fSSSS^
_><"__►•©<-_.©<■-__- s^a^e^o^e^e<k.6'_k'_v3<ve^"_'fi'Qk9^e^B'-.
» 81 IP** A dßfe B& __P !!_*___ K_fe_ RAH __fs__ §
* 9P Jra ________ B^ HB UK HI _■ HI r
; LbH Ql I biilllilw |
I " SIGNATURE £SS!> !
• (^-y^^^l 1 H___L]_L '
> printed in
} BLUE, diagonally W^^^W^^. [a
» across the OUTSIDE wrapper of every bottle of©
I _W_fcf:l J jrlHT^i^fflßfl I
» _b______bbCHH__H^__H____Hhbb^ ©
' The Original and Genuine WORCESTERSHIRE, as a further pro- V
* tection against all imitations. ©
i Agents for the United State,, JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS , N. Y. «
\fm*S\ A
KEW TO-DAT.
tw i £ _ 1-1 I Sc " H*3 >__.
DOCTOR YOURSELF
Munyon's Improved Homoeopathic
Remedies act almost instantly, speedily
curing the most obstinate cases. Mun-
yon's Rheumatism Cure cures Rheuma-
tism in a lew days. Munyon's Dyspensia
Cure cures all forms of stomach trouble.
Munyon's Headache Cure stops headache
in 5 minutes. Nervous diseases promptly
cured. Kidney troubles. Piles. Neuralgia,
Asthma and all Female Complaints
quickly cured. Munyon's Vitalize! im-
parts new vigor to weak men. Price, $1.
Personal letters to Prof. Munyon, 1505
Arch street, Philadelphia, Pa., answered
with free medical advice for any disease.
A Separate Cure for Each Disease
! AT ALL DRUGGISTS— A BOTTLI*:.
CAUTION TO THK P_E.OFI._E OF THB
STATE OF CALIFORNIA: Many u.i-
I scrupulous drusr cutters, who, having
forced the sell price of MUNYON*.
' RK____KDlJ£B to co-it anil, therefore, not
; -leaning to sell them, will tell you thai
Ih. Ie remedies art. uot K oud, and frill
try to persuade you to take some other
preparation, which they will recom-
mend a*, heing better. Such men ars
not deserving of your confidence or
patronage. Therefore do not be de-
ceived by them, but INSIST upon get-
ting M UNTO -VS.
m
______
The number of hud y^___»r^_S____.
cases cured by the /t<fi/#%&^\
noted specialist. Doc- /issii,'l/^ \
tor Cook, is truly won- (i'^'Sr \
clerful. His patients W'xj&r) . .gl
come from every occu- jrat-r.' .•'*^l|Srf*_P\
pation and from all -jPv'.' t\Z^">Y
over the world. Among ~flltV_.fi ' Lm±s I
other ills he -ruaran- _«&-#& | •_■___§_**_-
tees a perfect cure of *_g v "'i >'_?4^_\^ ,
Female Complaints. I V&yjßffiwi
Lost Manhood, Sexual 1 '^'^ "■ jk'itti '
or Seminal Weakness. jtW^.. .1 _'^__r -m>*
Gonorrhoea, Stricture, F^j|^feJ^^__«V'^ .
Syphilis, Varicocele, ft)V^ff'_v>%*-**33fiff ) ■ V
Hydrocele, Blood and 'i_Bi/ <"*
Skin Diseases and all (DOCTOR COOK )
functional diseases of the Liver, Stomach,
Kidneys, Bladder and other internal ortraa.
Office hours 9t012 A. __. and 2to and 7to 8
P. ._..; .Sundays from 10 to 12 A. M. only.
Write if you cannot call. Mail treatment al-
ways successful. Free book on Nervous and
Sexual Disorders to all men describing their
troubles. Address
POCTOItCOOK^a^ 8 ;.;,
I Dr. Martin's g
mi his cue
I Of the Age jj
(<[ A preventive and enre for Rhen- «
'.') matism, Neuralgia, Fain*, in Gen- S)
# ( i eral, Dyspepsia, Sore Throat, $)
cl ( Pneumonia, Nervous, Liver and h'
Vt Kidney Complaints, B«ckache, \\
>> Burns, Swellings, Colds, Coughs. ),»
ft Colic, Cramps, Sprains, Bruises, <('
S) Wounds, Indigestion, Skin Dis- \'>
/} eases, Excessive Itching and >)
(C many other complaints. (i
ft it
>? Price: 25c, 50c, $1 Per Bottle. >>
Si L. CALLISCH, Wholesale Agent for >)
Si the Pacific toast, San Jose, Cal. >)
Ye For sale by all drugelsts. The trade //
?' supplied by Redington & Co., Mack <fc >)
(i Co. and Langley & Michaels, San Fran- iV
WEAK MEN AND WOMEN.
§ CURED AS IF
BY MAGIC.
Jj^K^ Send lor boot that t-ns
___i_r>l_%*9fi__ ~r?Tx\. bo full Manly or Woman-
_S_S_«E_W ly Vigor '-■ quickly °* i 1 '*--
jßjff%ro^ -tgafr^gßßk manently restored. It lells
__E-_L___i -' ']/ »-'*l_«Hi ho '' v strength Is given to
_Re_E__W' -ll' __tif-aBK every part of tbe body,
BfeSaKF AWai-B bow to get health ami how
Imy io keep it. Sent free on
applicatlo _ "Sealed."
yftW^l^^^fs^^tW Tlie Virchow Electric Co.,
100 Stockton Street,
San Fraucisco.
DR.MQNDLTY.
.lis WELL-KNOWN' AND RKLtABLB OM>
_l Specialist Private,Nerv____3loo-l-utdS).ui
Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over
20years'. xperience. Send for Book, free. Hatient*
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours, 9 to 3
dally to. «.:_ev •__, Sundays, 10 to 12. C'oustilta-
tioufree and sacredly contldeiitial. Cull or address
"P. ROSCOE _He_.l_.T T. in. _>..
26'; Kearny Ntre«-t, Nan Francisco, Cal.
** ______9__-.iLl J rj M '*'*- c is * -on -poisonous
< <VB'eg9i» i -"**q'Bi^« remedy for Gouor:'l_*_*_,
___Wa_BF^-'L'Ki:fe <flll Gleet, rm a t orr ham,
tiKLWin Ito 5 d»}_. Whites, unnatural li*-
ffSfSßr Guaranteed f*| charges, or any .n_.an_L.a-
fftj mi la itrloiure. tion, irritation or i_!*-t_r:»-
-3^-*-**<f Prevent* contagion, tion of mucous mem-
K*^%I*HEEvANSCHE._!C«tCo. bran". Non-astringei
IfIAciNCINNHTI.O .^ffl -old by Itrnwifi.-
TBWifW. v 3 i !__l or Beet ' a r lain w r-np?-
-"* f___w.li _rfif^__ ,jy cx rarest" prepaid. f_x
C^^»3feffi£!«*'"i_l l-«>. "r 3 bottles, ."_\7-.
S! ''«< B CilCtilar gen* or »• .nasf.
Weak MenandWomen
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTKKS, THK
O great Mexican Remedy: gives Health and
Strength to the Sexual Organs.
56
3_r_- «■■. <_fitU
MONDAY?. FKBI.UA.RY 8, 1597
CHARLES M. SMOKTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES- Postage Free:
Pally and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier.. $0.16
Daily and Sunday Call, oi_e year, by ma 11 . .. . 6.00
Pally and Bnnday Call, six months, by mall.. 3.00
Pally and Sunday Call, three months by mail 1.50 i
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mail.. .66 !
Sunday Call, one year, by mal! 1-60
V> MOLLY Call, one year, by mall I**o
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Markei Street,
Ban Francisco, California.
Telephone _ Main— lß6B
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay Btreet.
Telephone M__tn-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
527 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
8:80 o'clock.
889 Hayes street; open until 9...0 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; open Until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; opes
ontli 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth street; open until 9 o'clock. .
13C5 Polk street; open until 8:30 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICB:
BUS Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Booms 31 and _2. 34 Park Rot. New York City. [
YIP M. FOLTZ, Eastern Manager.
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
THE FAKE AP THE FACT.
— TKE FAKE
The Examiner published for several days at the [
top of its title page the following fa_ie:
THE EXAMINER PUELISHED
249,757 Inches
Of Ads During 1896.
5964 More
Than were published by any ;
other San Francisco newspaper, j
In the publication of this fake the Examiner j
was probably not aware that a careful record was j
being kept of the actual amount In Inches of Its |
advertising and that in consequence It could be
confronted with the following tact.
— THE -TACT —
THE EXAMINER FUELISHED
236,528 Inches
Of Ads During 1896.
That is one fact and here is an- '
other :
THE CALL PUBLISHED '
239,551 Inches
Of Ads During 1896. j
3,023 More
Inches were published in
THE CALL than in the
Examiner during 1896.
It is to be remembered that during 1896 the
Examiner published approximately 800 inches of
illegal lottery advertisements, or which TnE Call
did not and would not publish one.
The monarch of the falters turn doubtless suc-
ceeded in securing thousands of inches of adver-
tising during the past year by doping and deceiv-
ing advertisers through false at.d arrogant asser-
tions of the Character of the -foregoing fake. It-
would seem, however, from the facts that the
merchants as a rule have not been misled by its
fraudulent pretenses.
The Examiner boasts that Its books are open to
Inspection, but we suggest that it Inspect its own
books before it ventures UDon the publication of
another fake.
We congratulate the public on the fact that the
exrosnre of this fake led the Examiner to drop lv \
In this the Examiner was discreet, and If It is wise j
it will make no more such bold attempts to
deceive the public.
The proposed tariff seem;, to be as full of
good things as a plum pudding.
There are too many people who are
treating tbe Bradley-Martin ball as if it
were a football.
He is known as Wasteful Willie now,
hut before long he will be known as the
tarred bood
_
There were more than ten thousand
prophets who predicted McKinley's Cabi
net, and not one of them guessed right.
In less than a month Cleveland will, for
once in his life, gladden the hearts of the
whole people. He will turn his office over
to McKinley.
A society has been organized in New
York to prevent premature burials, and it
is needless to say that lots of Democratic
politicians are interested in it.
Eminent electricians are discussing the
feasibility of telegraphing without wires,
but in the Examiner office that sort of
thing is done every day just like any old
fake.
.
It is reported that at the present time
there is not a town of note in the United
States that is not figuring on some kind of
trolley enterprise. Even Philadelphia
feels the electric thrill.
The New York man who claims to bo
making a scientific analysis of love is in
that city allowed to call himself a
"psvciic scientist," but anywhere further
west he would be sized up as a masher.
"I never lie," says Ambrose Bierce.
Long Green looked up and almost gave
a start.
"That is," says Bierce, "I never lie unless
I think it witty; and I call that art."
The Democrats who are predicting that
Piatt of New York will oppose the McKin
ley administration will find themselves
mistaken. When the roll of the loyal is
called Mr. Piatt will respond, "Me too."
The bellboy who set fire to a Boston
hotel because he was tired of the work
probably never thought that by resigning
he could get out of the job without taking
the hotel with him. The Boston intellect
is peculiar.
As a swindler under arrest in New York
for obtaining money under false pretenses
turns out to be the author of a poem be
ginning "Ah, I remember the first fair
touch," it is evident he began his swind
ling by striking a woman.
The estimate that by annexing the whole
of Cook County, Chicago will be able to
add 300,000 to her population may be cor
rect, but all the same that is small figur
ing for Chicago. She ought to calculate
on the annexation of all of Illinois. . *; ?'
THE END IS NEAR.
It must be evident to discerning minds that the end of Willie Hearst's wild and
j reckless career in journalism is at hand. The wasteful extravagance with which be
| has thrown about tbe millions which his father left has brought him finally to the
bottom of the chest, or else has caused his surviving parent and her advisers to realize
tbat bis lavishness must cease. For the past several months it has been evident that
the Examiner has been making a desperate effort to keep up appearances and to de
ceive the public into believing that it was other than a shadow of its former self.
' During the past year its local managers have frequently exposed its shaky condition
' by the desperation with which they have exhausted expedients to get for it money
which the estate of its owner's father was either unable or unwilling to supply.
It is plain that the end is near and that, following in the footsteps of others hav
ing weak moral natures and being overtaken with adverse fortune, it has been driven
to the trade of the outlaw at last. It is a part of the history of fakers and ellows
who live by their wits that they run for a season through a course of apparently
unclouded successes. Trading upon that trait of human nature which is either fond of
being deceived or is slow to believe it is so, the faker temporarily succeeds, the impostor
flourishes, the qnack prows sleek upon his earnings from the credulous, and the black,
mailer waxes fat upon ill-gotten gains. So it has been with the Examiner. Under
the oj. r.erFh'p of "Willie Hearst, and by access to bis apparently unlimited exchequer,
its fakers, impostors, quacks and blackmailers have been enabled to make a brilliant
display of tbeir literary and journalistic arts, and if now and then they have been
caught in a clumsy fake or a too transparent imposition, they have been swift to
turn to some new trick and thus divert the public mind from the point of their
offending.
The faker, fraud and impostor always finds an end to his career of public deceit
and the blackmailer's course of extortion is speedily run. It was Kossuth who elo
quently declared that "the people may be blinded for a season, but when their eyes
are once opened they can be no longer deceived." During the past year the eyes of
the people of California have been fully opened to the career of fraud and filth and
folly and falsehood which the Examiner was running in their midst. They saw it
i convicted of willful lying with reference to its circulation when the Chronicle gave the
pnDlic an object lesson of its fraud in this respect which will not soon be forgotten,
! Within the past few days The Call has proven it guilty of an equally gross and willful
j lie with respect to the amount in Inches of its advertising during the year 1396, and
j has shown tbat instead of publishing 5964 inches more advertising than any other San
| Francisco newspaper during that year, according to its boast, it in fact pnblished 3023
j inches less than did The Call. The silence of the Examiner in the presence of this
j fact is as eloquent as any denial of its truth would be false.
In addition to these two convictions the public has been presented with & long
1 array of confessed iniquities on the part of the Examiner. It has long since ceased to
i deny that it blackmailed the Southern Pacific Company out of |22,0C0. It haa not
| aared to dispute the charge that it has often attempted and sometimes succeeded in
j making similar levies of blackmail upon corporations having large interests and men
j possessed of means in various parts of California. In fact, there is hardly a section
Jin the entire State whose industries or whose individuals have not in one form or
i another paid tribute to its predatory habits. Whether the revenue derived from these
| extortions has been devoted to lessening its constant drain upon the Hearst estate
1 does not appear, but the recent increase in its desperate attempts at blackmail clearly
i indicate that herealter they are expected to be its principal source of supply.
The Examiner has taken to the road. It openly intimates that there is not a large
j business interest in or about San Francisco which it will not waylay. It is devoting
1 its columns to the advocacy of every cinch bill now pending before the Legis
j lature. It gives notice to the State generally that it is out lor coin. It c!ain*B of
1 course to be a Claude Duval among highwaymen and to.intend only the robbery of
j the rich, but the truth is that the Examiner has always robbed the rich and poor in
' discriminate^ whenever necessary to satisfy its need of money or its greed of gain.
Whiie it has been levying blackmail upon rich corporations and timid individuals it
has also by premium fakes, by lottery ads, by pretenses of charity and by "yards of
pups" been drawing their scanty doilars from the pockets of the poor.
What do the people of California think of the career of this outlaw among news
papers, this convicted fraud and faker in the field of journalism? this confessed black
mailer of business interests, this admitted supporter of every assailant of property
; and of the right to possess ii? What do the men who have large commercial and
. financial interests in California think of their chances of safety from the attack of this
■ highwayman? How much longer will they endure its presence in their midst and its
pollution in their homes? We think not long. While the funds of the Hearst estate
| held out men might well hope that the fellowship of wealth would finally bring its
■ reckless owner back to decency and might well hesitate to organize against a common
j enemy, but that time is past. The Hearst estate has been drained.
The reckless youth having exhausted his patrimony has either himself taken to
| the road or has let loose his local gang to follow their own natural bent in that direc
i tion. The Examiner must hereafter live by blackmail if it lives at all. It is the plain
j and present duty of men who have property interests to protect and reputations to
j preserve to unite in seeing to it that its career as a highwayman shall be short.
"The earth hath bubbles as the water hath." The Examiner bubble is about to
burst.
THE UffIVEBSITY.
Among the bills before the present Leg
islature is one which provides a levy of
a tax of 1 cent on each $100 of value of the
taxable property of the State for the use
and support of the University of Califor
nia. This bill merits the approval of the
people, and should have cordial support
in both houses of the Legislature. The
measure is directly in the interests of the
State, and the proposed tax is one which
will be cheerlully borne by all who have
any regard for the true welfare of the com
monwealth and the prosperity of its peo
ple.
The demand for university education in
California has outgrown the preparations
made for supplying it by the State. In
1887, the last time t_e Legislature made
provision for the support of the university,
the colleges at Berkeley had 306 students.
There are now 1554 students at Berkeley
alone, besides the 720 students in the pro
fessional colleges in San Francisco. The
number of students, in fact, has increased
more than lour times as fast as the in
come, and the university now lacks suffi
cient instructors, classrooms and appara
tus to supply the demand of the youth
of the State for the education it was in
tended to provide.
At the present time there is not a hall
on the university campus which will hold
all the students at once. For the large
gatherings which are from time to time
necessary tents have been set up. The
classrooms are overcrowded. Moreover,
the present force of instructors cannot
properly attend to the work. Some of the
classes contain from two to three hundred
students, and it is impossible to efficiently
instruct and examine this number in the
hours available for recitation.
It must be borne iv. mind that, while the
university bears the title of the State, it
has been a creation of private generosity
rather than of State munificence. Of all
the contributions to the university that
made by the State has been only about
one-fourth of the total amount. It is
right and fitting, therefore, that the State
should do more for the institution which
it has founded, and toward which it has
attracted the attention of generous and
public -spirited citizens as well as of
students.
It is fair to assume that if the State does
more for the university the contributions
from private fortunes will be larger. In
dividual generosity will be stimulated aim
encouraged by Stale munificence. Let us
once raise the university to the position it
ought rightly to occupy in California and
we can confidently count upon generous
aid to be given by men of wealth and cul
ture from ail sections of the common
wealth. As a matter of expediency, there
fore, as well as of justice, the proposed bill
should be adopted. The tax will be only
10 cents to the man who is taxed $1000, or
less than 1 cent a month. This sum is so
small that all can afford to pay it, and we
repeat that all who take an intelligent
interest in the progress of the State will
willingly do so.
The New York Herald has turned its at
tention from politics long enough to ar
range a calendar for courtship and mar
riage. It allows the young man three
months of attention before he proposes;
the girl is to have three months of reflec
tion before she accepts; three months of
adoration are to follow the engagement
and then the day is to be set. Three
months of preparation come next and then
the wedding. The whole affair is begun
and finished inside of a year. It is a daisy
calendar.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL. MONDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1597.
FABMEF.S' INSTITUTE.
One cf the notable events of tbe week
will be the holding in this City of a
Farmers' Instituie under the direction
of the University of California. It is to
be held at the Academy of Sciences hall
and will continue during the evenings of
Wednesday and Thursday. Later on
there is to be another session on February
24 and 25, and it seems probable that \
these will be the beginning of a series
which will be a permanent feature of our
civic life lor the future.
The session to be held this week will be
opened on the evening of Wednesday by
an address by Professor E. W. Hilgard
on "The Work of the College of Agricul
ture." There will also be an address en
"Highways," illustrated with stereopticon
views by Marsdon Manson, State High
way Commissioner. The programme for
Thursday evening will be opened by an
address by Mrs. Harriet M. Conness on
"The Profitable Uses of Small Pieces of
Land." This will be followed by an ad
dress by Mr. Alfred Holmann on "City
Farmers' Clubs."
The programme, it will be seen, is one
calculated to be of interest not only to
those residents of the City who are owners
of farms, orchards or other rural holdings
in the interior of the State, but to citizens
generally. There is every reason, there
fore, for believing that the institute win
prove successful in point of numbers who
attend, as well as profitable to those who
are in a position to apply the lessons they
learn from it.
It is estimated that the number of
owners of cultivated farms is greater in
San Francisco than in any other county
in California. Many of our people own
country homes of greater or less extent
and will derive practical advantages from
the instruction which will be giveu at the
various meetings of the institute. There
will be a particular interest in the paper
by Mrs. Conness, since a large number of
City residents either own small pieces of
land or desire to do so, and will be inter
ested in learning; how such tract* may bo
made profitable.
The institute will, we trust, be largely
attended. It is designed lor the public
benefit and it depends upon the people
themselves to make good use of it. The
State University has done ail in its power
by bringing the lectures to us and it will
be our own fault if we do not profit by
them. ,
BEET SUGAR.
The latest number of tbe Pacific Rural
Press contains much interesting matter
about the culture of sugar beets and their
manufacture into sugar, and among other
articles a long and elaborate one by Mr.
Gerberding, president of the San Fran
cisco Produce Exchange, in which the
profitableness cf this industry in Califor
nia is clearly demonstrated.
Mr. Gerberding tells us that although
the soil and climate of California are well
adapted to the production of the sucar
beet only about one-twentieth of 1 per
cent of the State's area is devoted to its
culture, and we are paying $6,000,000 an
nually to foreigners for sugar we could
just as well produce at home. In the his
tory of the development of the industry
In Europe, he shows how carefully it has
been fostered by the Governments of the
countries where it flourishes, and this is
the point to which attention should be in
sistently called.
It is well known that we have a soil
richly adapted to the root and a big de
mand for the product in the home mar
ket. These advantages will stay with us
without any effort on our part. There is,
however, a third advantage needed in
order to make the other two fully «ifeoi
ive. This third desideratum is the estab
lishment of such Government protection
as will leave our farmers un handicapped
in the competition with the foreign pro
ducers, who have such bountiful Govern
mental aid.
For the farmer to avail himself of his
opportunities of soil and market he must
have the co-operation of large capital, as a
properly equipped sugar factory is a very
costly thing. In order that capital may
be Induced to take the risks of a vast in
vestment in manufacturing plants it is
necessary to put the profitableness of
sugar-making on an equality with other
great manufacturing enterprises by a
fairly proportioned protective tariff.
Otherwise tne capital, jufit as naturally as
water runs down hill, will seek a use for
it.elf in enterprises less directly ad
vantageous to the farmers of California.
Perhaps the strongest argument in the
armory of the opponents of a protective
tariff .s the claim that it singles out spe
cial interests for favoritism, and there can
be no surer way to remove the opposition
of some farmers to the Republican policy
than to widen the ways in which the
farmer is made a strict participant in the
benefits given. Protection should be
equally distributed to all American inter
ests and in no way can it be made more
beneficial to a large number of farmers
than by affording such protection to the
production of sugar as will open for them
a new and profitable industry.
Thanks to the industrial enterprise and
public spirit of Claus Spreckels California
is well assured of the skill, enerey and
capital needed to develop the industry
within her limits. He ia at present time
constructing what will be the greatest
sugar manufacturing plant In the world.
The one thing required, therefore, is pro
tection, and for that we can rightly look
with confidence to the coming Republican
Congress.
A PITIFUL SPECTACLE.
Poor old Ambrose Bierce is really one
of the most pitiful objects within the pub
lic view. By degrading to the ignoble
uses of a disreputable newspaper talents
which rightly employed might earned
him a permanent place In tbe esteem of
the worthy, he has come at last to the
mangy slate of every snarleyow and lies in
the dust snapping slobbering jaws and
fangless gums at every passer-oy. When
a richly deserved kick brings him
yelping to his feet he recognizes
bis impotency and flies to bis un
sold edition of "Black Beetles in
Amber" for venom to spew at bis assail
ant. The "Post. Scriptum," which the
worn out snarler adds to his former for
gotten growl aptly illustrates bow far he
has fallen from his former estate. If
there ever was a time when Ambrose
Bierce needed a muzzle it is now, not to
pr vent his bite, but to conceal the evi
dences of his driv ling decay.
COAST EXCHANGES.
XV. L. Thatcher has sold the Nordhoff Ojai to
Randolph R. Freeman. No better advertise
ment than this pretty and bright little paper
could be conceived ol for the beautiful and
fruitful Ojai Valley.
The Los Ban os Enterprise wound up Its sev
enth volume last week. It is a successful
paper, an I that is largely because It is sin
cerely devoted to the best interests of the com
munity in which it Is published.
The Fortuna Advance has enlarged from a
four-page to an eight-page paper, and has add
ed to its features a number of special de
partments that go to make it a most complete
and thoroughly interesting publication.
The California Review is the new name
adopted for the excellent magazine which has
heretofore been known as the Santa Clara.
Carrie Stevens Walter Is still the leading
spirit and the clever lady Is ably assisted by
Mr. and Mrs. A. XV. J. Gibbs.
The Sausalito yews is on the high road ol
success. It Is a well-conducted paper and
very Influential in Marin Connty affairs. This
week the construction ot a new home for the
Nemm will be commenced, and when it is com
pleted a new power press will be introduced
and the various departments will bo lighted
by electricity. '
The Santa Clara __w devotes a special edi
tion to a description of that town, showing it
to be quite a commercial, educational, railroad
and geographical center, and picturing its
steady and sure growth. The paper cannot
fail to attract attention [abroad, and Santa
Clara will doubtless reap material benefits
from advertisement.
That excellent paper, the Petaiuma Argus,
has just celebrated its forty-third birthday.
In opening the new volume the editor makes
these observations : "It has not been much of
a money-making concern, though its pres
ent proprietors have had enough to
eat and clothing to wear ever since
they took hold of it thirty-six years
ago. The proprietors are still older than
the paper and they would like to turn it over
to some younger bloods. Tom Thompson and
brother Weston— the founders of the Argus—
had the sense to get out in time to make some
money for their old age, and we are glad to
know that they are both now in clover."
In an editorial about "California Homes"
the Willows Promoter makes these very perti
nent suggestions:
"He who buys land in California secures a
home from which he will be rewarded with a
perpetual income ior the maintenance of him
self and family, a sure dependence case of
sickness, an unfailing annuity to his heirs
after death. It is better than a savings bank,
more profitable than life insurance, and 100
to 160 acres of good productive soil will se
cure the home, the annuity. The rude win
ters of the East are wearing people out; they
love the sunshine and flowers that are only
found in this grand old State of California.
In fact, there are more hour* of sunshine In
California than in any place else except
heaven."
The Merced Star, uuder the caption of "A
New Industry," Btates that P. Dupont of Mer
ced proposes to furnish a market for a great
quantity of fruit heretolore wasted. "He
points out that fruitralsers experience consid
erable loss even in good business years be
cause much oi their product becomes too ripe
for shipment. Being a practical chemist and
skilled in the distilling of liquors from fruit
In his native country, Mr. Dupont is now or
ganizing a company to utilize this waste in
the manufacture of excellent wines, bran
dies and other liquors, which can be made
from every variety of fruit. Mr. Dupont has
entered a field hitherto uncultivated in this
section. A plan which provides a market for
what has hitherto been considered as waste
product is one deserving of investigation and
promotion. Such an industry/it would seem,
should be a paying investment, as it is a known
fact that good fruit liquors are a profitable
and salable article always in demand, a
class of products that gains 07 age, instead of
being valueless if not speedily consumed."
The Eureka Standard, after quoting an edi
torial utterance of The Call to the effect that
"what the voters of the State most desire in
the State Legislature is, first, letrenchment;
second, good roads, and third, more retrench
ment," remarks: "This is putting it in few
words. The Legislature, If it shall do the will
of the people, will cut down Stare expendi
tures and remodel the county government act
so that the expenditures may be lessened in
every county ln the State. Taxpayers have a
just cause of complaint, when the taxes on
their property, as.essed at its full valuation .
range irom Spi 70 to $2 73 on each $100 of
valuation. The most expensive thing in the
world to the farmers ana general public is
poor roads. The transportation of farm pr od
vets in this State over wagon roads alone costs
the people three to five times what it would
oost on thoroughly good roads. The saving to
the people which good roads would . make
would in ten years build macadamized roads
or paved streets wherever dirt road-* are now
used. Let the Legislature cut off needless ex
penses, get down to true economy in all pub
lic business and then give us good roads, or a
law that will eventually create them."
NEWS UF FOREIGN NAVIES
The Terrible, under 2045 horsepower and
49 revolution. of her twin propellers, attains
as peed of 10.3 knots.
Two torpedo-boat destroyer*, the Quail and
the Trasher, lately added to the British navy,'
maintained a speed during their three hours'
trial of 30.12 and 30.03 knots respectively.
Accidents in foreign navies are as frequent
as In our uavy, but not so widely advertised.
The Aurora, belted cruiser, came near collid
ing with another British war vessel at Ports
mouth, last month, owing to a breakdown of
her steering gear, a couple of days niter .-he
started on her steam trials, when the feed
pumps of her after boilers broke down and the
snip had to go to the dockyard lor another
week of repairs.
A remarkably ingenious automatic machine
gun has been adopted in the Chilean navy.
The gas developed by the explosion of the
powder is utilized far operating the breech
action and feed mechanism of the arm and
all the operations of loading, firing, extract
ing, ejecting and cocking are automatically
performed. It has the further advantage of
beiiig simple in construction, and the entire
gun consists of only thirty-one parts.
Portugal has ordered two cruisers, wood
sheathed, of 1800 tons, with the moderate
draught of 13 feet 9 inches. They are to have
triple expansion engines, water-tube boilers
and a sea-speed under natural draught for six
hours of 15 knots. The armament includes
two 5.9-inch, four 4.7-inch, eight 47 millime
ters, two machine guns and two torpedo
tubes. The guns are all rapid-flrers and the
ammunition will be 150 rounds for the lerger
guns and 300 rounds for each of the 46 milli
meter guns.
Creusot's armor-plate works, France, has
produced a plate of very excellent quality for
the Danish Government. A turret plate 7.87
inches thick, intended for the Skjold was
tried at the works with the following results:
Five shots from a 5 91-inch Schneider gun
with chrome-steel projectiles weighing 112
pounds were fired, with a velocity ranging
irom 2030 to 2076 feet per second, against the
sample plate of face-hardened nickel steeL
None Of the shots penetrated the target, as in
every case the projectiles were stopped and
smashed, aud the backing of the plate, when
stripped, showed no indentation.
The German naval estimates for 1897-98 call
for $32,262,225, or $10,779,625 more than for
the preceding fiscal year. Of this amount $9.
--893,885 is denominated as "extraordinary ex
penditures," embracing new ships, guns, torpe
does, etc. Out of this sum the German Admir
alty proposes to proceed with the construction
of an armor-clad of 11,000 tons to replace the
Koenic Wilhelm. The vessel will be on the
type of the Frederick the Great and will be
built by contract at Kiel, at an estimated cost
of $3,400,000, exclusive of her armament.
This cost is nearly equal to that of the United
States battleships Indiana, Massachusetts and
Oregon, contracted for in 1890. In addition
to the armored ships the Admiralty proposes
to build two second-class cruisers, simi.ar to
live now in course of construction, and also a
fourth-class cruiser, two gunboats and several
torpedo-boats.
Pi« KbONAL
John V. Seitz. U. S. A., is at the Cosmopoli
tan.
Dr. J. M. Blodgett of Lodi is visiting at the
Grand.
8. Levi, a merchant of San Diego, is at the
Grand.
Charles B. Younger of Santa Cruz is at the
Palace.
M. T. Stafford of Portland is at the Cosmo
politan.
Raleigh Barcar, a lawyer of Vacaville, is at
the Lick. SQH
Dr. J. I. Stephens of Petaiuma ig registered
i at the Grand.
T. Goldnsh, a merchant of Hollister, is a
guest at the Grand. ,
R. C. Walratb, a mining man of Nevada City,
is registered at the Lick.
H. A. Jastro, a banker of Bakersfield, Is a
late arrival at the Grand.
Dr. T. H. McNeel of San Diego is at the Russ
with his wife and family.
J. D. Lantry arrived last evening from Niles
and is at the Cosmopolitan.
J. D. Bidden, the Hanford banker, is in town.
He is staying at the Grand.
Charles Ross, a wealthy merchant of Tacoma,
Is a guest at the Cosmopolitan.
Btatc Senator C. C. Royce of Chico la in town.
He is staying at the California.
Frank R. Wehe, a mining man from Dov.nie
ville, ls a late arrival at the Lick.
Professor E. H. Griggs, head of the depart
ment of ethics at Stanford University, is at the
Grand.
■ James H. Taylor, a mining man from El Paso,
Texas, arrived here yesterday and is at the
Palace.
F. J. Southerland, a mining expert with in
terests near Oroville, arrived yesterday at the
Palace.
Dr. James D. Hill of Walnut Creek is at the
Lick, accompanied by his wife and his mother
Mrs. X. R. Hill.
William S. Biddle. United States army, ar
rived at the Occidental last night from Van
couver, Wash.
Dr. C. F. Hibbott, U. S. N., returned yester
day with his child from a visit to the south.
He is registered at the Palace.
A. M. Krldelof New York City, an importer
of laoes and dress goods, arrived at the Palace
last night, accompanied by his wife.
Lincoln A. Wagenthals, Miss Kruger and Guy
Llndsley, members of the Louis James Theatri
cal company, are guests at the Occidental.
E. R. Hutchins of Chicago, president of the
California Fruit Transportation Company, ar
rived here yesterday and registered at the
Palace. '^'T": ..I
. Thomas Crouch, a mining man from Mon
tana, who owns some mining property in
Mariposa County, arrived here last night and
is registered at the Palace.
George B. Bobbins, manager of the Armour
car lines of Chicago, is at the Palace in com
pany with A. R. Urion of Chicago, attorney for
the Armour Packing Company.
Louis James, the actor, arrived from the
East yesterday with his wile preparatory to
appearing this week at the Baldwin. Mr. and
Mrs. James are staying at the Occidental.
11. B. Laidlaw, a New York capitalist and
banker, who is agent at New York for the
Bank of California, and whose offices in New
York are a common headquarters for visiting
Californlans, is a recent arrival at the Palace.
He is accompanied by Mrs. Laidlaw, and dur
ing his stay here is receiving social attentions
from prominent churchmen and business men
of the City-
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
"We're getting up a club at our school."
"What for ?"
"To hit the janitor with!"*— Harper's Round
Table.
"I smoke nothing cut a pipe now."
"Practicing economy?"
"No; but the fellows who used to treat me
to cigars apparently are."— American.
"I wish to Inform you," said her lawyer,
"that your wife has filed a bill for divorce."
"Oh, of course," responded the busy banker;
"it's uothing but bills, bills, bills. How much
Is this one ?"— Detroit Free Press.
Mrs. Brown— met Mrs. White just now.
Bhe has lost her father, and she was looking
dreadfully.
Mrs. Gray— H'm-m-'ml What did she have
on ?— Boston Tran->crij-t_
Manager— Everything set for that farmyard
scene ? ._'*_P*'s____MSS&£o.
. Property Man— Everything but the hen.
Once more the eternal feminine and the ex
igencies of realism were in dire conflict Cin
cinnati Enquirer.
Mr. Dakota— lt actually gets so cold up in
our country that the flames freeze to the back
of the grate and have to be chopped off with
an ax.
Mr. Mexico— nothing; why, we have
to iced our hens chopped ice to keep them
from laying boiled eggs.— Up to Date.
'•Now, Violet, can you give me any reason
why I should not punish you for being
naughty?"
Violet— Yes. ma. The doctor said you
weren't to take any v'ient excise.—B oston
Guardian. '
"Your wife has such a liquid voice," Said
Mr. Fosdick to Mr. Tiff.
"Yes. that's a pretty gool name for it,' re
plied Mr. Tiff.
Mr. Fosdick looked up inquiringly and Mr.
Tiff added:
"It never dries up, you know."— s
Bazar.
"Mrs. Faddy has changed her style of pen
mauship again."
"Yes. The other day she me across one of
her old letters and made an awful row. She
thought some strange wt m-n was writing to
her husband."— Cleveland Plain Dealer.
** KEY SAY."
"They say—-ah ! well, suppose they do;
But ran they prove the st* ry true;
- s-usplcion may arise for naught
1 ut malice, envy, ( ant of tni.uabt.
Why count yourst-lf among the "they"
Who whisper what they tiare not say?
"They say." But why the tale rehears*
And" help to make the matter worse?
No good can oossib y accrue
From telling what may be untrue;
And is it not a noble pian
To speak of all the beat you can?
•They say. " Well, if it should be so,
Why need you t«-ll the tale of woe?
Will it the bitter wmns: redress,
Or make one pang of sorrow less ?
Will it the erring one restore,
Henceforth to "no and sin no more"?
"They say"— Oh! pause and look within;
See how your heart inclines to sin.
Watch! lest In dark temptations hour
You, too, should sink ben. ath its power.
Pity the frail. wtep o'er their fall,
But speak of good, 'or not at all."
—New Haven Register.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
George Frederick Watts has sent in bis resig
nation as Royal Academician.
One of the Duke of Wellington's postboys
has just die! at the age of 89 years.
In Brown County, Kan..., a family named
Bryan have had a new baby christened Mc-
Kinley.
Wiliiam Lyman of Mlddlefield, Conn., who
died a few days ago, was the inventor and
manufacturer of the Lyman gunsight, in use
all over the world.
At a public meeting of citizens, held under
the presidency of the Lord Mayor at Belfast,
it was decided to erect a statue of the Queen
in commemoration of her Majesty's reign. The
cost of the statue will be $25,000.
A writer in the Contemporary Review con
firms the old story that the Sultan's cook seals
all the dishes prepared for his royal master.
The seals are broken when the dishes reach
the table, and the food is tasted by an official
to guard against poison before the Sultan
touches it.
The district represented in Congress by John
C. Bell, one of Colorado's two Congressmen,
is said to be equal in area to the States of New
York, Massachusetts, Connecticut and New
Jersey combined. Mr. Bell is a nephew of th«
John Bell who wag the "Union" Presidential
candidate in ISiJO.
Gerald dv Maurier is quoted as saying that
his father invariably pronounced the name
Svengall "with the accent on the first sylla
ble." The learned editor of the New York
Sun. fresh from his summer in Russia, says
that this is in accordance with the usual
method of pronouncing Slavic names.
Silas A. Hudson, first cousin of General U. B.
Grant, died last week ln Bunineton, lowa,
aged 81 years. He was a co-worker with
Horace Greeley on the New York Tribune, and
with George D. Prentice on the Louisville
Journal, and was appointed by President
Grant la 1869 Minister to Central America.
Loochop, China, is excited over the recent
appearance on her streets ot a dwarf, who ap
pears to be about 50 years of age, but is only
twenty inches in height, He has a long gray
beard, which almost reaches the ground, and
talks several Chinese dialects quite fluently.
He says that he is from "the Kingdom of the
dwarfs by tho western ocean," but further
than that no one knows anything about him.
"SLANDERING WORDS."
None Would Mar tlio Pago of Life if
Speech Were in the Name of Jesus.
Rev. Dr. Spalding's text at the morning
service in St. John's Episcopal Church
yesterday was: "Whatsoever ye do in
word or died do all in the name of the
Lord Jesus Christ, giving thanks to God
and the Father by him."
He said that every word and act of the
Christian should be spoken and done to
God's glory; that the Christian's life is
just as much consecrated to God as any
cburch is.
He told of how the material on which
writin -s were made in olden times was so
valuable that by some chemical process
the same was used over and over again,
and that foul slandering words have been
erased and the words of Christ's sermon on
the mount found underneath.
He also spoke of a painter who was so
dissatisfied with the painting of a sin-
SCarred face that he erased it from the
canvass, and when he had done so found
the face of the child Jesus uuderneatn.
These instances he likened to our lives,
and said that when a child is baptized its
life is pure and spotless, but that when
temptation and sin comes Durily and
spotlessness is covered up.
He aiso said that we should watch our
words as well as our acts, and that if they
were spoken in the name of Jesus no
slandering words would mar the pages of
life.
DE. BADEE'S SBBMON.
He Tells oftbe Spiritual Interpretation
ofthe Old Testament.
Rev. Wil.iam Rader chose for the text of
his sermon last evening in the Third Con
gregational Church "Inspiration and Or
thodoxy." He reviewed the sermons of
the Old Testament previously delivered
then dwelt on the books of the Bible and
said:
We must always remember that the Bible is
for spiritual use. Its books are not to be used
as bullets, but as bread loaves. It is to com
fort. If it fails here It fails everywhere. The
psalms have been a spiritual consolation to all
classes of P T opl When the so:diers were im
prisoned at Lucknow they awaited in patience I
for the Highlanders and took comfort in these
immortal psalms. When Cromwell addressed
hU army he quoted one of the Psalms of David.
When savonaro:a was preach. ng in Florence
and Lincoln was bearing the burden of war;
when priests were ministering on fields of cat
tie and saints were contending with foes;
when men have laid away their dead and
cathedrals and churches have resounded with
praise these psalms were used to give spiritual
interpretation to the proioundest feelings of
the human soul.
THE BESTJBBEOTIOIT.
It Is a "Natural Process, Says Key. J. S.
David.
The Rev. J. s. David, in a lectur6 on "The
Resurrection and the World Beyond," given at
Washington Hail, Red Men's building, yester
day morning, claimed that the resurrection of
man was not a return irom the grave, but the
emerging of the spiritual body from the phy
sical at the aeatn of the latter, and the
awakening to consciousness and activity in
the spiritual world. Man, he said, is a spir
itual being, temporarily clothed with a physi
cal body by means of which he is Draught into
sensible contact with physical nature.
As we journey through this vale 01 shadows,
he said, it is always a help and a joy to realize
that what. we call death is a gateway to a
broader and a deeper lit.-, and that the resur
rection alter death is as natural a process as
the birth of a chicken from the egg or the un
folding of torn from the husk.
California glace fruits, 500 a pound, in hand
some baskets. Townsend's, Palace buliding."
Special iniormation daily to manufacturers,
business houses and public men by the Pre 11
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. '
SONS OF ERIN
WILL CELEBRATE
St. Patrick's Day to Be
Observed in an Appro
priate Manner.
Patriot c Address by a Well-
Known Irish
Priest.
Rev. James McFedden Tells of Ire
land's Hope of Relief From
America
St. Patrick's day will be celebrated in
regal style by the Irish residents of this
City. Ju_t what form the celebration will
take has not yet been decided, but at a
meeting of the St. Patrick's Day conven
tion, held at Knights of the lied Branch
Hall yesterday afternoon, a spirit waa
evinced which is bound to result in great
things; and a committee of arrangements
composed of men of intelligence, experi
ence and energy was appointed.
Then, was a large attendance of dele
gates at the convention. John ilulhera
presided, and J. J. Moran acted as secre
tary.
A communication was received from the
Gaelic Literary Society stating that T. J.
Maliett, J. P. Haggerty, J. M. McLaughl
hn and William Desmond had been ap
pointed delegates to the convention. A.
similar communication was received from
the County Monaghan Social Club, nam
ing as delegates Thomas Galnford, James
J. Connolly, Arthur iicQuaid, John Mc-
Quaid and Thomas Madden. The com
mittee on credentials declared those
named entitled to seats in the convention.
The chairman suggested the following
committee of arrangements, which was
indorsed by the convention: Jeremiah
Deasey (chairman), David J. Costeilo,
Frank Conklin, P. H. lynn, John Dev
any, J. A Foley, J. P. O'tonner, J. D.
Roche, M. Morrissey, John P. Henry, T.
B. Hiilard, R. F. Donahue, Michael 0.
Mahoney, Eugene O'Connor, J. Murphy,
T. Gainford, T. J. Mallat, J. J. Donovan,
£. I. Sheehan. James £. Kenny, P. J, Mc-
Cormick, Charles B. Fianigan, R. J.
O'Reilly, If. J. Connolly, John Burns, F.
P. Hunt, James Devine. W. J. Hayes,
William Mulvin, John Gainey, John P.
Dtgnan, Jeremiah Kelleher, M. H. Mc-
Cafferty, Captain M. J. Wren, Charles
McCrystal and J. C. Ryan.
Resolutions of sorrow and condolence
respecting the death of Daniel Hanlon, a
former president of the convention, were
read and adopted.
Owing to the resignation of T. R. Ban
nerman as trustee of the convention's
funds, the election of a successor was in
order, and John Mulhera was unani
mously chosen.
M. Cooney was then called upon for a
speech. He made a brief patriotic ad
dress, in which he referred eulogistically
to the Irish residents, many of whom are
now deceased, who had labored earnestly
to make former St. Patrick's day celebra
tions a success. Wniie he was speaking
Rev. James McFadden, the patriotic priest
who was for some time confined in Derry
jail for expressing obnoxious sentiments
to the Tory Government, entered the
room. He was greeted with hearty ap
plause, and at the conclusion of Mr.
Cooney's remarks he was asked to speak.
"I certainly have a great desire," he
said, "to be an interested listener to the
deliberations which will result in a grand
celebration of the 17th oi March, '97. I
only hope that the celebration will be in
keeping with the affairs here in the past.
I am j interested in these celebrations
as an humble Irish priest who has tried •
to do his duty to his people as occasion
arose. My lot was cast in stormy times
and I, of course, attained some notoriety
from having be n marked out for the per
secution of the Tory government. I have
no doubt the Tory government is still
keeping an eye on me, and is very ill
pleased to find with what cordiality I am
being received by the sons of Ireland in
the city of St. Francis.
"There is something of a lull now In
Irish affairs owing to the large Tory ma
jority in the Government, but we are hop
ing something will happen to England
that will result to our advantage. Our
chief hope is in foreign complications,
and one of the principal places to which
we look hopefully is the land of the stars
and stripes, but it begins to look as
though it were getting tinctured with
Toryism."
The reverend gentleman concluded by
referring gratefully to the warm welcome
he had received in San Francisco from the
Irish people.
P. M. McGusbin followed with an in
tensely patriotic address, in which he re
ferred to Father McFadden as "the lion of
the north, the patriotic priest of Derry
parish." He suggested that Father Mc-
Fadden should be given a public recep.
tion.
The convention will meet again next
Sunday afternoon.
"Mrs. Wltiilown Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over fifty years by millions -of
mothers for their children white Teething with per
fect success. It soot tbe child, softens the go «ny
allays Pain, cores Wind Colic, regulates the Bowels
and is the best remedy for Dlarrb ocas, whether ana-'
ing from teeih ing or other causes. -or sale by d rug
gists ln every part of the world. Be sure and aslc
tor Airs. Wlnsiow 's Soothing Syrup. __••. a bottle
Co*oj.a»o.— Atmosphere is perfectly dry. sort
sod mild, being entirely free from the mists com
mon further north. Bound-trip tickets, by steam
ship, including fifteen days' board at the Hotel del
Coronado. «86 ; longer stay $2 60 per day. Apply
4, yew Montgomery St., fan Francisco.
Every house where there are young children
should be supplied with Ayer's Cherry Pectoral.
In croup it gives immediate relief.
The income of a. teacher in a private
school of China is very small, about a half
penny a day for each DUpiL
WEV. TO-DAT.
Scott's Emulsion of Cod-
liver Oil with Hypophos-
phites brings back the ruddy
glow of life to pale cheeks,
the lips become red, the ears
lose their transparency, the
step is quick and elastic, work
is no longer a burden, exer-
cise is not followed by ex-
haustion; and it does this be-
cause it furnishes the body
with a needed food and
changes diseased action to
healthy. With a better cir-
culation and improved nu-
trition, the rest follow.
For sale at 50 cents and $1.00 by all druggista.
6COTT & BOWNE. Chemists. New YorkWat fejfl « m, (fail l
JONDAY I'tBKL'ARV 8, 1h97
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin Thkatkti - "Spariicn_**
Columbia Thkatkr Jimmy Fad dm.
• Mokos, •■> - Opera-Uocsk. a Mile a Minute.'
Alcazar Thkatku i-ne Professor. '
Tivoli Opera House.— -Aladdin; or, The
\\ onderful Lamp
Orphii'il- High Class Vaudeville.
Sutj»o Baths— Bathing and I erformances.
"The I'HCT.3 ano Skating it ink— Daily at
Haight btreet, one block e».st of the Par**;.
•.Airo.Ni'> 'i match.- Mile. Antoinette Tre-
•bflli. Tuesday evening, February 9.
Pacific Coast Jockey Cub.— Races to-day.
AL_II_ . A. S
By Indiana a rcnoN Co.-This day. February
B. .Furniture, at 310 Tehama st.. at 1 1 o'clock
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Probably fair Monday— Forecast Of
ficial McAdie.
St. Lawrence won first money at the course
at -Lngleside yesterday.
The Miller & Lux litigation is to bo settled
within the coming week.
The patronal least was observed at St.
Bridget's yesterday by a high mass and a ser
mon.
»
The illustrated parable "Too Late," proved
a great success at the First Christian Church
i__t night.
Mrs. K. S. Li'.;:c, a Boston spiritualist.
answered recent criticisms v: Key. Dr. Farrand
on spiritualism.
The opera "Le Educande di Sorrento," given
by the Zitianl .Mu.ical Society last night, was
a decided success.
Frank Butler, alias Ashe, will be examined
before United Spates Commissioner Heacock ut
11:20 a. m. to-day.
. At the San Francisco handball court yester
day T. F. Bonnet and L. Jialoney defeated J.
C. Nealon aad M. Dillon.
/ A new ambulance station has been estab
• lisned in the park and a physician will be in
I attendance day and night.
\ Kbbert "Wieland, the popular breweryman,
has recovered from an illness that brought
him to the verg« of his grave.
The infant son of Prince Poniatowskl-has
been elected a member of the Valentine Holt
Society, Children of the American Revolution.
A big meeting of the Labor Exchange was
held yesterday afternoon in Pvtnian Hall, at
which the method of getting rich without
money was explained.
The remains of the late Fritz Hinckley, ac
companied by the widow, Mrs. Florence
Blythe Hinckley, are expected to arrive from
Portland, Or., this morning.
. Ferry-boats are having bad luck. The Oak
land is laid up for repairs and the Newark has
broken down. Special arrangements have
been made to supply the deficiency.
Rev. James McFadden, Ireland's patriotic
priest, who spent a term in prison ior his anti
• Tory expressions, addressed the St. Patrick's
day convention yesterday afternoon.
The St. Patrick's day convention met yester
day afternoon and a committee of arrange
ments to prepare for an adequate celebration
on the 17th of March was appointed.
The silver medal in an essay contest at
Metropolitan Temple In the tnird district
rally of the League" of the cross wus won by
John Greeley of St. Brendan's parish.
Assistant Superintendent Collins of the
Union-street Railway Company says if the bill
reducing streetcar farts to '-*■■. cents is made a
law by the Legislature that t_.at line will cot
be operated.
' Rev. A. J. Wells of the Second Unitarian
Church discussed the subject of religious re
vivals last night, apropos of the Jordan con
troversy in a sermon entitled: * The Troubled
Waters of Religion."
The moneyed gamblers of the East will be
at the ringside or the Corbstt-Fitzslmmons
I fight when the Callfornian will be a heavy
lavorite. At the present time In this City lit
tle more than even money can bo had.
Frank Robinson, a sailor on the British bark
El. iot at Green-street wharf had a light with
the colored cook yesterday and was arrested
for disturbing the peace after having his arm
scalded with soup and his thumb bitten.
- Professor K. 11. Griggs of Stanford lectured |
before the Socialist Labor puny at 35 E'idy I
sfreet last evening. He declared tint anew
'religion and a higher ideal were needed to euro j
the evils of the social and industrial crisis.
I ; Yesterday was comparatively quiet at the
yi-.eii Mound Park shooting ranges. Company
\I- of the First Infantry Regiment resumed
practice and made some good scores. The
Krieger Vereln. Independent Rifles. Naval
Battalion and Company A also shot yesterday.
SUNDAI'3 00UESING.
A Good Day's Sport for Dog Fanciers
at lngleside.
The first money at lngleside was cap
tured by St. Lawrence yesterday, Bran
don Belle, an Eastern importation, taking
second prize, Will o' Wisp third. Ben
■Hu'r, the great Eastern crack, fell in very
hollow style before Skyball in the first
run-down, Skyball in turn being defeated
by Brandon Belle. The running as a rule
was of a high class. Following is the
result:
• Bartel <fc Rosseter's Brandon Belle boat F.
Butler's finale M. Welch's Tipperary beat C.
•■Gallagher's Hazel; Cronin & McDonald's Sky
ball beat Bartet & Kosseter*s Ben iiur; Bartel
& Kosseter's Kmm Pasha beat Tracy's Speed:
*___ Gibson's .Molly Bawn beat P. J. Welch's Fox
hall; G. Smart's Seminole beat Cupertino ken
nel's Lady Campbell; B.trtel it Kosseter's
Kitty Scott beat XV. J. Shields' Snowbird; J.
JM-aggini's Will o' the Wisp teat Mussiwa ken
nel s Minnosa; Dillon <._ Reiliy's Queen B beat
J. D. Reillv's Belle; J. Kerrigan's ht. Lawrence
beat J. K. Collins' High and Mary; Mira
mohte kennel's Sam beat J. Beggerson's While
Obiei: M. Sogers' Skyball beat Dillon ,t
.Reilly's Granuale.
-First ties— Brandon Belle a bye, Sly Boy
beat Emlu Pasha, Seminole beat Moiiv Bawn,
Will o' the Wisp beat Kittle Scott. St. Law
rence beat Queen a, S.y Boy b.at Sam.
. Second tie-— Brandon Belle beat Skvball,
Will o' tbe Wisp beat Seminoie, St. Lawrence
beat Sly Boy.
.Third ties— Brandon Belle beat Will o' the ■
Wisp', St. Lawrence a bye.
' Finals— St Lawrence beat Brandon Belle.
' At Sacramento the Eclipse stake was
postponed and the other stake was not
finished.
■Lodging-House Transfer.
. Mrs. Lizzie Merrill was arrested yesterday on
a. charge of obtaining money by false pre
•,V"ases. She was released on .*IOOO bonds.
y- °°niplalning witnebs* is Mrs. Christina
'£. .2 '"•i, who Purchased the lodging-house.
.7035 Market street, from Mr-. Merrill and
alleges thai the facts were misrepresented to
' her.
. A machine used by match-making firms
cuts 10,000.000 sticks a day. and then
'arrange- ihem over a vat, where the heads
are pu on nt a surpassing ra-e of speed.
__£W TO-DAT.
PIMPLY
FACES
Firaples, blotches, blackheads, red, rough, oily,
mothy skin, itching, scaly scalp, dry, thin, and
• . falling hair, and baby blemishes prevented by
CtmcOßA Soap, the most effective skin purify,
ing and beautifying soap in the world, as well aa
purest and sweetest for toilet, bath, and nursery,
fijticura
«*.*"■'<__ '"■"•onehontthe world. Potter D. >_t> C. Corp.,
'¥"* -Topi., Boiton. «__—• How to Beautify the Sk_n,"_rea
BLOOD HUMORS c^-K-ffi^i-SL
■ DAP 1/ Kidney and uterine pains, rheu-
DM ■__** fl niatism, sciatica, aching nerves,
and painful muscles, sore lungs re-
I P LJ C k' eT< -*d quick as an electric flash by
film Collins' Voltaic Electric Plasters,
LOST HIS TIES
AND WAS FINED
Captain Higgins of the Ex
celsior Had to Pay for
a Lost Cargo.
Mexican Cu-tom. Law; Permit
No Surplus and No
Shortage.
T.ie Fact That the Gicds Were
WasheJ Ovrboird in a Storm
Is N > Excuse.
Captain Higgins of the steam schooner
Excelsior has not a very exalted opinion
of Mexicans or the Mexican methods of
handling American vessels. The rule in
that Republic is to fine a man if he be
short in the goods called for by his mani
fest, and a fine is also imposed If he has
mora aboard than the bill of lading calls
for.
On the way down the coast tho Excel
sior was caught in a hurricane and 1200
railroad ties that formed part of her deck
load and nearly all of the starboard bul
warks were washed away.
The fact that the steam schooner had
been in a storm did not cut any figure in
the case and the Mexican authorities pro
ceeded to fine Captain Higgins for not
bringing his lull cargo into port. Heap- i
pealed the matter to the American Consul j
and finally the matter was settled to the
satisfaction of all concerned.
While discussing the matter on the |
Steuart-street wharf yesterday, a certain j
Custom-house officer remarked to Captain |
Higgins: "Why, you were in luck. You I
know the schooners Martha W. Tuft and j
Czar? Well, you should bear the captains I
of those vessels talk. Both of them
loaded railroad ties for Mexico and the !
Tuft left here ten ties short, and the cap- j
tain of the Czar found that when his cargo
was all aboard and tallied that ere was
still tea ties on the wharf. He took them
aboard, as the stevedore told him they
had been left over from the other
schooner.
"Now. what do you think happened?
When the Martha W. Tuft reached her
destination the captain was fined $.0 in
Mexican money for being ten railroad tie-,
short, and when the Czar got in, a few
days later, Captain Olsen was fined $50 for
having ten railroad ties more aboard than
histnanifest called for. Both the captains
protested, bnt that was all the good it did
them and the fine had to be paid."
Uncle Sam nets even with the Mexican
authorities, however. The Excelsior
brought up over 400 tons of salt from Car- j
men Island on which duty will be col
lected, while salt from Liverpool comes in |
free. "There is a large salt lake in the j
island," said Captain Higgins, "and it i
only takes a short time to scoop up four
or five hundred tons with a dredger; in
fact, the island iB nearly allincrusted with
salt, and would make a company's for
tune were it only in the vicinity of San
Francisco."
After discharging the Excelsior will
probably make another trip to Mexico
with railroad ties and bring back another
cargo of salt.
THE SCHOONER VINE SAFE.
At Least That Is the Information
Given to "Captain" Burns
by a Medium.
"Captain" Burns, who makes his head
quarters with the J. F. Cunningham Com
pany, on Clay street, near East, is author
ity for tbe statement tbat the schooner
Vine, over which considerable anxiety is
felt, is all right and will be heard irom in
a few days. According to him the chro
nometer is out of order and the vessel in
stead of being near the Carolines is not
within 500 miles of Kusai. Ue is a be
liever in spiritualism and asserts that a
medium described the vessel and told him
exactly where she was.
The Vine left here on June 10 last and
while in one of the Central American
ports the chronometer got out of oraer.
Captain Luttrell could not procure an
other and had to make his way to Corinto
with the aid of his watch. At the latter
port he secured a chronometer and sailed
for his regular cruise in the southern seas.
From that day to this the schooner has
not been beard from and Captain Mellan
der, the company's agent in the Carolines,
had to co to Hongkong to lay in a supply
of provisions on account of the non-ar
rival of tbe schooner.
"I know that the Vine is overdue," said
Burns yesterday, "but nevertheless I am
as confident that she is afloat and that
all are well aboard as I am that 1 am
alive. A friend of mine, while in a
trance, saw the Vine, described her to me,
and told me that the next steamer from
China would bring good news from her."
J. F. Cunningham, wbo is the _:_. it >t
the vessel, is hoping that Burns is correct,
and is anxiously awaiting the arrival of
the Occident! and Oriental Company's
Doric on the 14th Inst.
Work on the steamer Portland (late the
Haytian Republic) is being rushed, and in
a few days tbe new cabins and all the
woodwork will be finished. New boilers
are to be put in position, and the old ves
sel will be as cood as new. When all the
chances are made the Portland will be put
on the Alaska route in opposition to the
steamers Queen and City of Toneka. She
will connect with the stern-wheel steamer
P. B. Weare at St. Michaels, the latter
carrying freight and passengers up the
Yukon River.
The Pacific Steam Whaling Company
will go extensively into the cannery busi
ness next spring, lt has a number of
establishments in Alaska at present, but
in a few weeks a vessel will be fitted out
with a full cannery plant, and will go to
Chilkat River. There the buildings will
be put up, and everything will be in readi
ness as soon as the salmon begin to run.
Tne merchants in the vicinity of Davis
and Clay streets will be delighted when
they reach their respective places of busi
ness to-day. The recent heavy rains
turned the street into a miniature laKe
and business was at a standstill nearly ail
day ..atuiday. Early in the day one ofthe
dealers hung out the following* sign : "A
liferaft given away with each dollar pur
chase." Another merchant immediately
took the hint ar.d put the following, iii
the shape of a sail, on a plank and set it
adrift: "Good fishing in this pond. For
permission apply to tne Superintendent
of Streets." Still another placard read :
"No ducks — only malaria — in this marsh."
The Superintendent of Streets took the
hint, and all of yesterday a gang of men
was at work fixing up the manholes ami
getting tne sidewalks and streets into
proper condition for the next rain.
Captain Drisko of the wrecker Whitelaw
played in haul luck yesterday, lie ex
pected the steamer to Be at Folsom-street
wharf yesierday morning, but when he
got there she was gone. After waiting
around ail day he learned that she was at
section 3of tbe seawall, and about 3 p. m.
started away to find out the cause of the
change. Early in the morning the owner
of the vessel ordered her to the seawall,
and the cap am only learned of it after
waiting at Foi om street six hours.
TO CUUX! A COL. - I . 01.E DAY.
Bake laxative Uroit.oyuln.n t. Tablets. All drug
g__>._ refund the mouey ii it iaiis to cure. Side
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 8. 1897.
SERMONS ON
EMOTIONALISM
IN
RELIGION
Wrt
Wells Supports Jordan.
At the Second Unitarian Church last
night Rev. A. J. Wells recognized the in
terest attaching to the Jordan controversy
by preach, a sermon entitled: "The
Troubled Waters of Religion." His text
was from St. .John, v:i: "For an angel
went down at a certain season into the
pool and troubled the water; whosoever
then first after the troubling of the water
stepped in was made whole of whatsoever
disease be bad."
"Just now," the preacher said, "church
circles are greatly agitated over a state
ment by Dr. Jordan of Stanford Univer
sity. In a casual reference to emotional
religion, at Berkeley, Dr. Jordan said :
A revival of religion in which men loso
their reason in a lorm of drunkenness no
more worthy of respect thaa tho kind which
lies in the gutters.
This would seem to be a reasonable
statement, amply substantiated by the
observations of those who have witnessed
tbe hysterical excitement produced by
professional revivalists. It was qualified
the following day by these words:
The normal aim of a revival of religion is to
bring the various Impulses of life into har
mony and to fix the will to high purposes
rather than low ones. It should build up
noble ideas in the place of vagrant dreams.
Such revivals of religion rarely take place in
a crowd or undef the influence of a profes
sional revivalist.
The so-calied revival of religion too often
aims at producing a temporary mania, ll
tries to destroy the balance of life, to elimi
nate common sense and to substitute hypnotic
suggestion for the conscience and the will.
Its phenomena are those of hysteria or cata
leptic insanity, its victims rarely wholly re
cover and are as likely to enter the prison or
the madhouse when the hypnotic spell lias
passed as they are to become healthy members
of society. Pure religion and undented works
Itself oni in righteous action, while the destruc
tion of the sober mind, whether through
drunkenness, narcotism or religious excite
ment, is a step on the road to spiritual death.
"We are apt to discuss a statement of
this kind from the standpoint of our re
ligious prejudices or prepossessions. It
has accordingly aroused a storm of hostile
criticism, and orthodox ministers have
forgotten the example of the ten tie Mas
ter whom tbey worship and have brought
a 'railin , accusation' against President
Jordan for daring to have an opinion of
his own."
Mr. Wells then proceeded to examine
the question of revivals and the super
naturalism claimed to be involved in their
production, and also the phenomenon
called conversion. A true revival of re
ligion — meaning a new influx of life — was,
ha said, a cood thing; the modern revival,
however, was a combination of influences
— of chorus choirs, of moving music, of
fervent prayers, of enthusiastic speech,
catenated to produce excitement.
"The appeal," he continued, "is to the
emotions.
"The presence of a crowd powerfully
stimulates the feelings. You cannot be
quite as cool in the midst of a crowd as
you can in your parlor. Given a crowd
and a strong personality on the platform
and the nightly gatherings will roll up ex
citement as tbe schoolboy's ball of snow
gathers bulk and weight. The product
may be good or evil according as it is a re
vival of the higher or lower elements in
BUTLER'S SUNDAY
PASSES QUIETLY
An Uncle of Arthur Preston
Visits the Accused
Man.
He Will Be Examined by Com
missioner Heaccck To-
Day.
The R fusee From Australia Has
Preserved a Cool Demeanor Ex
cept on One Occasion.
Frank Butler, the supposed monster of
the Australian bush, will be removed irom
his cell in the City prison at 8:30 to-day
and placed in the prisoners' room in the
Appraiser's building.
At 10:30 A. M. United States Commis
sioner Heacock will hear the evidence
which Attorneys Cormac and Donohoe
will present for the British Government
against the prisoner, after which the ques
tion will be decided whether there is evi
dence enough to justify sending Butler to
Australia. The proceedings will in no
sense be a trial, the function of the court
being to decide whether tbere is probable
cause to believe that Butler has committed
the crime charged, and that he is the
same person for whom warrants are now
issued in Australia.
Attorneys Stone and Pidwell will ap
pear for the prisoner and contest every
step of the proceedings for their client. It
is not believed tbat any substantial part
of the real defrnse will Come to light to
day. Butler has been almost as uncom
municative to his attorneys as to the pub
1c at large. Throughout the entire ordeal
since hi" arrest the man charged with so
many fiendish murders. has preserved a
calm demeanor. He seems absolutely
void of imagination and the ordinary
emotions. T ere has been but one time
since his arrival b re when he appeared to
be moved for an instant.
That was when Captain Lees showed
him the Sydney Mail containing pictures
of the rescuing party that discovered the
bodies of Preston and Weller, together
with pictures of the dead men and
some bits of scenery contiguous to the
lonely spot where the murders were com
mitted.
Butler glanced nervously at the pic
tures, grew a little pale, and those who
viewed him closely saw that bis hand
trembled. With this exception, there has
been no break in the dull monotony of the
accused man's calm demeanor.
The prisoner was with Captain Lees
and two ex-sergeants of the Canadian
religion. There have been revivals of fear,
when multitudes have been seized with
religious panic; there have been revivals
of love and hope, in which multitudes
have shouted and prayed in an ecstacy of !
emotion that was chiefly sensuous; there j
i have been revivals of superstition, like ,
that of witchcraft in early New England." j
He cited several curious historical in- '
i stances of epidemics of hysteria pro- 1
l moted by example, especially among 1
j women, and asserted that the txcitiment i
j of revivals, the crowds at the "mourners'
bench" and '"instantaneous conversions"
belonged to this category.
"They are so regarded,'' said he, "by
President Andrew D. While in his valu
able work on "The Warlare of "science
With Theology.' Read Carpenter's 'Men
tal Physiology' and Mandsley's 'Path
ology of the Mind,* if you desire to inves
tigate the subject.
"That every great revival has an inju
rious moral result I very strongly believe.
Great stress is laid upon instantaneous
conversion, but such an _ experience is for ;
the most part mere emotional excitement. |
It is found, to be sure, in i .olated cases, |
but generally in groupb. It is like the
measles or the mumps — is catching.
"It involves some mental action and
some action of the will, ana so is lound in
individual cases, but chiefly religious ex
periences of this kind occur in revivals
and break out like an epidemic. They are j
supposed to have a miraculous root, and
to be the action of the divine spirit. But
they are philosophically explicable on
wholly natural grounds. To use a philo
sophical term, they are who ly subjective
phenomena, like the faith cures we hear
of."
Mr. Wells criticized the contentions of
the revivalists at further lengtu, and ex
plained what he conceived to be the true
meaning of religion. He concluded: "We
may not care for the old forms of faith or !
the old-time methods of winning assent to !
them and yet hold to the sanctities of reli-. j
! eious life. We may object to revivals as j
j irrational, yet believe la a personal rela- 1
j tion between ourselves and the Infinite |
j Father. It is the business of every man 1
to cultivate the worshipful, the reveren- j
tial, the tender and the spiritual side of j
! bis nature, and enter into the higher J
I forms of religion, thus recognizing the
eternal nature 01 religion while confessing
I the changes going on in human thought
■ as the universe enlarges around him."
J.atior.al Re\Mal.
At Golden Gate Hall Rev. Harold Boice
of the new Cosmopolitan Church spoke of
the kind of revival which he and his co
workers hope to bring about. His subject [
was "The Rational Revival in Religion." '
He prefaced his address with a histori- j
I cal analysis of the world's greatest refor
! mations. These were brought about, he j
argued, by some superior mind seeing l
through the mass of tangle of forms and j
ceremonies which had grown up about the
I religion of hia day— the germ of truth
which was at the ba o of all religions.
He would urge this simple truth until a
new sect would arise and cast aside the !
obscuring ceremonials, but gradually the
new schooi of belief would assume cere
i monials to which it would give more and
j more importance. Then another reformer
Northwest mounted police for two hours
yesterday. 3__B9-_S9_a
Questioned about his life prior to 1891
Butler persistently declined to speak, say
ing that he respected the feelings of his
family. "If anything is to befall me," he
said, "it is best that my family never
know it. It would do me no good to
speak of my past so they would know
who I am, andl shall not SDeak, at least
to-day."
Several hundred people saw Butler yes
terday and to all he was courteous. He
seemed to Miss Thomas Edwards, the
trusty who has been in the same ceil since
last Friday.
Butler was not in a very communicative
mood yesterday When John Preston Sr.,
uncle of young Arthur Preston, who was
murdered, called upon bim. He seemed
embarrassed, and several times was on
the point of making a statement, but
would check himself and start off on an
other subject. To Mr. Preston he ad
mitted having known his nephew, but as
serted that he had no hand whatever in
his death. Pressed to tell ail he knew
about tbe movements of the murdered
man prior to the tragedy, he gave an
evasive answer and said he would give
Mr. Preston ail the information he wanted
"in contidence" before he left San Fran
cisco.
Asked if he had any memento of Ar
thur Preston among his effects, Butler
said he had not, but he t ought that
"some friends that Preston had made in
New South Wales had one or two trink
ets." Further than this the man ac
cused of murder would not go, and Mr.
Presion had to content himself with to.
assurance that Butler or Ashe would tell
him all he knew "before leaving San
Francisco."
"That man knows all the particulars
about how Arthur came to his death," said
NEW TO-DAY.
jp^Bfej^y pain in
.JR ? THE BACK!
iSmml iOF«_N_ _£___>. "WHEN YOU ARE TROUBLED WITH a con-
If' Xra/iTy /""""v^N tinual pain in the back or a dull, heavy
V» «__=-_-___/A*"Wv_^_-V?"V sensation, together with a suff.iess, so that it
<^L If . . ■ ■ ▼//■SJ7 _^_S»«^7 rquires an effort to straighten upfrom a stoop-
•"_!__- sTTTT!]'// 1 * * MV^m^mV^mT* ing position, you can makeup your mind lt is
__f_\v) ri\'f/ ■ 1 * sVC^ -J time for you to look seriously to your health.
"^twy finC\A fe \/ lll\. Such symptoms may be a warning of coming
I/sh\ / jfcj — *j \rWs\ ItW-r in lumbago, rheumatism or kidney trouble. You
iIfXX I J-_S__| Iv V'l^ng, wil. do well to heed the warning of nature,
r H m /NJp-V^v\ \*fJJ T* and to assist her in restoring you to a healthy,
111 M% it ft. . l_i V '- / ir* ? * M * normal condition. elfxtric belt
1 > LffllK^ M - NAMVS imm $ BELT
md *_y -Bar "^ Has won a reputation for restoring weak kidneys
•7/7 *^ "** a.a rellevinir paiu In the back, it has cured
thousands. Why not let It cure your New cures are reported dally Here is another:
BACRAMEN TO, » Ai«, January 18, 1897.
DR. A. T. SANDEN— rear Mr: For a long time I have been treated by various doctors for
Kidney Disease, with great pain in the back as ell as other parts of the body, i I have been a great
stiff* rer for about live years, being terrlblv- nervous and aflli ted with sever* rheumatism also. The
doctors had tiled to cure me without producing any beneficial results, and I was not able to find relief
untl I tried your Kleciric Belt. After w< arl.-g ltonly one week my pain was -11 remov-d, and I have
fou-* d out since my neivonsness and pains are permanently tuied. as I have had no return of the trou-
ble. This astonlsied me as well as my friends, but It is tiuly so, as lam willing an. i triad to testify/
Every one knows me In bacramen o. I have already recomme de.i your Belt to my friends, and
shall continue to do so, as It la _ sure cure and does Its wore we 1 and qu ckly. Your grateful patient,
E. UIiIJIEL I__s 'ihird street, bacramento, Cal.
Dr. Sai den has lately published another edition of his celebrated book, entitled "Three
Classes of Men." It is a pocket edition, and will be sent, sealed, free to any address. Yon
will do we Ito send for this book, if you are weak or ailing. O. course, if you live in town,
you can call and consult the old doctor. Uis advice is free and will be of value to you. Call
and see the Belt, or send ior the book to
fi.__a.__>_rx_>_E3-_?-r ___xj_es<__? , i , c?c_>..
632 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
Offlce hours— B A. __. to 8:30 P. M. ; Sundays, 10 to L Los Angela, Office 204 fcouth Broad-
way; Portland, Or.. _.->_s Washington street; Denver. Colo., 933 Sixteenth street,
.soil*— Auke ao ai-Ute at tae aumoet— 888 -^ar*-*. _>uo«b
would arise, but always the same germ of
truth was the inspiration.
"We believe that the world is upon the
eve of a new reformation," he said, "a
reformation of thought in relieious mat
ters. Everywhere men are looking above
ceremonies and sects. The curve of the
pulpit is too narrow to embrace the
world.
"Your love of humanity, your Chris
tianity, your trust in immortality does
not depend on history. Imagine all the
stories of the Bible to be fables 9 ritten by
clever dreamers. This belief would have
no effect upon a true Christian. If you
could prove Jesus Christ a myth and "his
sayings the worn of exalted dreamers, it
would not shake my faith in the inspired
thought contained in those pages.
"The infinite is not the head of a sect.
Wherever man is doing good for hi- fel
low-man he is laying gilts upon God' 3
altar."
The speaker then outlined bis plans for
the establishment of the Cosmopolitan
Church. He conceived that this could be
made broader and more tolerant than any
organization in existence. It was not his
intention to form a sect antagonistic to
any scientific or religious society. His
idea was to institute a society where rep
resentatives of all schools of thought
might meet in tho common work of up
lifting mankind.
"By tb s means," he said, "representa
tives Of various denominations would not
be burling anathemas at each other upon
the quotation, often irapei fectly, of p-rt
of an address in a newspaper. Here they
could meet and discuss their differences
with dignity.*'
Mr. Boice believed that when the expo
nents of the ideas be advocated could
make people see that they were thor
oughly in earnest tbey would have
no difficulty in receiving material back
ing to erect a commodious and
artistic hall in the central portion of
the City. Here it is designed to
have uplifting entertainments not once a
week, as In the churches, but every after
noon and evening. These would not be
exclusively religious, but would be de
voted to art, science and other subjects
calculated to result in the betterment of
mankind.
Jhe J.or.itor's Gonr.rr.er...
The following appears ia the current
numberof the Monitor:
ROWDY REVIVALS.
Dr. Jordan of Stanford being the president
of a non-sectarian institution is privileged to
pitch into the sacred customs of our dear
friends the Methodists. Among that godly
people the revival possesses a sacrosanct char
acter. It Is the beginning, the foundation of
righteousness. He who wouid attack it is to
them as proiane as he who laid unhallowed
hands on the ark of the covenant.
We wonder what will the brethren say now
to Dr. Jordan. He has described the revival
as "a real drunkenness and no more worthy
of respect than the drunkenness of the gut
ter." The Rev. Dr. Dille and the Rev. Dr.
Case have, it ls true, spurred into the arena to
defend tue peculiar manifestations oi their
creed, but nobody minds them.
it is a common error among the secular
newspapers to describe a "mission" in a
Catholic church as a revival. There is abso
lutely no similarity between them. The mis
sion is a sad sober reflection on the truths of
faith, the revival is a wild delirium and
frenzy like unto that wnich seizes on the Mm
sulman at the sight of the pajamas of the
Prophet.
; Preston Sr. "Whether he murdered him
j or not remains to be seen, and I suppose
it will come out at the trial. It is very
I poor satisfaction, but I would like to know
| nil the particulars of the boy's death.
Butler is not a man that is giving much
; information away. He has a cool head
and I doubt very much whether he will
tell me anything at all. I will call on him
again and if I cannot find thing else I
may lind out where any little odds and
ends of mv dead nephew's belongings can
be found."
Preston feels confident that Butle*- will
i at least give him some satisfaction before
he leaves San Francisco; but the chances
j are that the prisoner will give him some
I "fairy tale" that wi.l prove to be false in
I every particular.
Butler now denies that he was a mem
! ber of t c Northwest mounted police iorce
j during the Rio! rebellion in 1885, although
I admitting that he, in conversation with a
I reporter of The Call on Saturday night,
I said that he was a member of Troop B
j and was stationed at Qu'Appelle Crossing
with Major Short.
If Butler was not a member of the force
; be knows a good deal about the Kiel re
! bellion and the Northwest Territories.
In speaking o; Major Short, who was in
command of "A" Battery of artillery* dur
ing the rebellion, which came from Quebec
to take part in is suppressing, he said
I that when the mounted police joined him
j at Qu'Appelle crossing the major looked at
them critically and remarked: "You look
like dandies. You have come here to fight
not to show yourselves off."
"You know," said Butler, "we nad pipe
clayed our belts and looked spick and span
and it angered the major," and he laughed
heartily os he spoke oi the incident.
Then Butler mentioned that Major
Short was, shortly after the rebellion,
' killed by a powder explosion in ths
Quebec citadel, which was a fact known
to the reporter to whom he was speaking.
In confirmation oi Butler's statement
on Tuesday afternoon when some police
men were talking to him in the City
Prison he said to one of them, Policeman
Coogan: 'T was once a policeman my
self.'
"Where?" asked Coogan, and Butler
replied, "In Canada."
A reporter of The (all saw Butler the
following day and asked mm if he had
been in Canada. He repli»d that he had
audi n answer to further qui*..'. ions he said
he was more familiar win Manitoba and
the Northwest than any other part of the
dominion. He knew "Quebec city, bow
ever, and said he was tnere during a riot
that occurred one Sunday over a stating
rink being started.
"That was in ISS9," said the reporter.
"No," replied Butler, "it was in 1883,"
and he was correct; it v. as during the win
ter of ISSS.
There were other incidents that he re
ferred to Saturday t.i_.-bt that led to the
conviction be was telling the truth. He
now probably sees that there is every
chance of his place of birth ana real name
being discovered, as it would be on record
at the mounted police headquarters in
Regina, the capital of the Northwest, and
he is now anxious to save himself from
this exposure by denying that he was a
member of the force.
Captain Lees was for some days in
possession of information that led him to
believe that Butler had been in the North
west rebellion as a mounted policeman,
and had joined tne force in 1884. The
information he is keeping to himself, but
yesterday he wrote a long letter to Colonel
Herchmer, Commissioner of the mounted
police at Regina, detailing what he bad
learned and enclosing a picture of Butler
in the hope that it would lead to bis
identification. He is supposed to have
enlisted in 1834 for three years, and the
probability is that after serving bis term
he went to Quebec, and sailed from there
to some other country.
WANTED-A NEW RELIGION
Professor Griggs Telia the Socialists
That Is the Nee.l of the
Time.
Edward Howard Griggs, professor of
ethics at Stanford University, delivered
last evening what was declared by nearly
all of the dozen speakers who followed to
be the best lecture delivered before the
Socialist Labor Party in many months.
"All reflecting students of modern civil
ization," said the speaker, "have been im
pressed with the rapidly increasing dis
turbance in our social and industrial
.-.-or.d during the decades immediately
past. Prevalent throughout Europe they
have grown prominent in our own land
within a few years. This condition was
wholly unanticipated in our land, gov
erned by the people and where each is
supposed to have an equal opportunity,
According to the point of view this or that
political party has been charged as re
sponsible for it. Partly this may be true,
but the s at is deeper tbat the measures of
any political party.
" The complications of civilization has
increased with amazing rapidity during
the past few years, thus the problem with
which we deal becomes most intricate con
stantly." Tbe social crisis, he said, was
the key to the industrial crisis. "There is
no hope of solving tbe latter unless we
solve the former. The industrial prob
lem, the condition of poverty and wealth,
increasing so constantly in seriousness,
rests back for their ultimate cause upon
the type of life which we seek and upon
our social attitude as individuals. In
other words, our essential problem is pro
foundly ethical and religious, widely as
that fact is ignored, "
Sanborn, Vail & Co. do all kinds of printing
and engraving. Visiting cards, invitations,
monograms and crests. Sole agents for Berk
shire typewriting papers. Depot for "Water
man," "Swan,*" "Crown" and "Ideal" fountain
HIRSCHBACH BENEFIT.
Musical Stars "Will Appear for the "Well-
Known Conductor, Who Is
Very 111.
A committee, consisting of Eivia Crox
Seaorooke, Annie Suits, Edmond Kosi.er,
Carl Martens, Ferris Hartman, John J.
Raffael, W. H. Leahy and George E. Lask,
has arranged a benefit to Joseph Hirsch
bacb, the well-known musical director,
who is very ill with a heart and lung
trouble. The benefit will take place at the
Tivoli Opera-house on Thursday afternoon,
February 25.V-....V.
A special bill, including the appearance
of Guille, the tenor; Mile. Trebeili. the
contralto; Signor Abramoff, the basso,
and Yves Reneynton, the soprano, together
with an orchestra of fifty from the Musical
Union, will be features.
The Tivoli will contribute Yon Suppe's
one act operetta "Pypma ion and Galatea"
with Rhys Thomas, W. H. West, Eivia
Crox bea Drooke ami Bernice Holmes in the
cast, also George E. Lask's apropos oper
atic bapate.le "Wanted a Singer,** with
Ferris Hartman, Maurice Darcy, Fred
Kavanagh, Arthur Boyce, Walter Cham
berlain, Marcel Perron, H. V. Shentz,
Anna Schnabel, Jennie Stockmeyer,
Grucie Gray, Vera Werden, Sophie Stew
art and Master Jack Robertson in the
cast.
Other volunteers will be announced
later. Seats will be on sale at the box
NEW TO-DAY.
There is money in Schil-
lings Best tea for you and
for your grocer.
There's money -back for
you too yes, and your
grocer doesn't lose anything
either; we pay him.
A Schilling & Company
San Krancisco 529
KEW .0-D\V-»!_DSEMEI.TS.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOU3-
M_--__.__-_*___T-_. __ Kbkt.'?. .. Proprietor <__ Manager
T<3-:_>ffi-_*_-:EXT— - ;
*S- AT 8 JBf
OUR UP-TO-DATE EXTRAVAGANZA,
ALADDIN,
Or, THK WONDERFUL LAMP.
Mirth, Music, Ballet and Beauty.
grea¥~cast.
NOVEL SPECIALTIES!
The Cleopatra Ballet!
Dance or Household Divinities!
The Latest Sensation.
"LaDanie dcs Fleurs Electriquea!"
r*or>i_'-* Pr'co ...25c -.*.( "to.
f_JACINGI RACING! RACINGI
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
WINTER MEETING. 1896-97.
Beginning Monday, Feb. 8, to Feb. 20. Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday.
Thursday, Friday and baturday.
Rain or shine.
FIVE OR MORE RACES EACU DAY.
Races Start ac 2:15 P. M. Sharp-
lerry Boats 1. avi* van Krancisco at la it- and
12:30, 1 00, 1 -.80, 1:00, 2 :1.O and 8 P. M.. connect-
ing ffi.ii trains stopping at the entrance to track.
Buy your ferry tick, to !«bell Mound.
Returning— Trains leave the 1 racu at 4:19 anl
1-6 _•• v. and immediately after the last race.
I'HOM A .-.ii. WILLIAMS JR. PrejlUeat.
R. B. MILROY. -.ecretary.
THE CHUTES.
EVERY AFTEBNOON AND EVENING.
ORDWAY, Trick Bicycle Rider.
| The ANIMaTOssI'OPk and a H0..: of Attractions
l ai uigliu Afl-Blsaion, 10- ; titiidreu. 5&
KT.W TO-DAT.'
I Naked Pills jj
jS are fit only, for naked say- S>
1 1 ages. Clothes are the marks S.
,[> of civilization pills as well l\
Ji) as people. A good coat does (J*
l! not make a good pill, any more f)
)| than good clothes make a good ('[
Ji) man. But as sure as you'd <V
j! look on a clothesless man as a iji
<P mad one, you may look on a (<[•
jo coatless pill as a bad one. $>
ij] After fifty years of test no ('I
jn pills stand higher than <!'
I AVER'S j
j Cathartic Pills jj
jl) SUQAR COATED. |'
office after the 19 h. Tickets can be
procured Irom members of the committee.
PATfiONAL FEAST.
Solemn High Mas* and Sermon in Com
mo m tit. of St. Bridget.
The patronal feast of Bt. Bridget's
Church was fittingly observed yesterday
forenoon. At 11 o'clock a solemn high
mass was celebrated by Father Cottle,
celebrant, assisted by Father Ryan, dea
con, and Father McKinnon. subdeacon.
Father McKinnon delivered 'he sermon,
which was a graphic account of the life of
St. Bridget, from which he pointed many
lessons of piety and patience.
The music for the occasion was rendered
by a special choir under the direction of
Joseph Roeckel and Mme. Ellen Coursen-
Roeck. 1. The vocal numbers were accom
panied by A. F. Johannsen on the violin.
The church was appropriately decorated.
_ _> — • ' .
"Egyptian Wonders.
The first of a series of three lectures to be
delivered by Rev. Hasten Smith of London,
Ens... will take place at the Association Audi
torium, Mason and Ellis streets, next Friday
evening on "The Mysteries and Marvels of
Modern Egypt." He will lecture at the same
glace Monday evening, February 15, and the
22d.
> * — •
Bigamis'.s in Hungary are compelled to
submit to au odd punishment. The man
who has been silly enoujrh to marry two
wives is lesally forced to live with both of
them in the same house.
KEW" TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS.
BALDWIN THEATER.
A_.___,YMA.>f J: _.*_, ilnrorooraitsU) fropno.ji
Two, Weeks—Every Evening Including Sun-
day. Mat. Sat. Commencing To-night.
THE EMINENT ACTOR. Ml..
LOUIS «r_____\___E_l__9
Supported by Ouy Llndlev, Alma Kruger and a
superior company, under the management of
Wagenhals & Kemper.
ALL THIS WEKK
ss_-=»_-_-.__=i-r______.o-_TS
A Magnificent Scenic Revival of Dr. Bird's
Famous Prize Play.
A Carload of Special Scenery.
Fifty People on the Stage.
SECOND WEEK— "My Lord and Some Ladles''
(the first time in ban Francisco); "Hamlet" and
"Othello."
■ .. *
TO-MORROW
NIGHT!
THE MUSICAL EVENT
Of tli© Season.
FIRST APPEARANCE OF MLLK.
TREBELLI!
The Famous Prima Donna Soprano,
AT THK
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
Tuesday Evening, February 9,
At 8:15 O'clock, Assisted by
Gnstav Hinrichs' Symphony Orchestra!
SEATS NOW ON SALE.
PRICES UOc, Sl, 51.50
Look Out for "CINDERELLA."
Js\vm|la@*£^
mDW^tfLOOTTLOD . ty ______ A..fwv__._--
AND ~T~ OF
THE ALL
GREATEST | IS
CHARLES HOPPER;*
TO--_rzOHT.
The one distinct novelty of the year.
Five month* in New ork.
One month ii Chicago.
One mi.ntli in Philadelphia.
One month in Boston.
ORIGINAL COMPANY, INCLUDING
George -•*_, Beth Frankly n.
Jonn Flood, Beren.ce Wheeler,
Rvdney Price, Irine Vtaiicour.,
Will Cowper, Fanny Denbam- Rouse,
W. H. Sh Idon, Marie Bate..
Famey Reynolds, J. K. Furlong.
Harry Rawlins. W. P. Moliere.
All the Original scenery and Effocts.
Attraction to Follow— FAN-NY RICK.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WALTER MOROSCO.. .Sola Lease* and MaasfS;
FIRST PRODUCTION ON THIS COAST
Of the sensational comedy-
•'A MILE A MINUTE!"
In Which an Engine and Tender Dash Across
tbe state at Full Speed.
Firs Appearance of the Two Great Quartets,
PHCENIX QUARTET KNOCKABOUT FOUR
SONUS! DANCES! SPECIALTIES!
> renin? Pr inc. _r«o an I *->.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
*%i^___\
First Time Here of
ARA, ZKLKA AND -ORA.
Equilibrists ai.d I'. depaiisU, and JOHN and
B-.RIHA GLEASON, Novelty Dancers.
Tremendous Success "f
XT lIiIiE.
WARD an i CC I RAN, BES-_*E CL » YTON, THE
FRANTZ FAMILY and Novell Ips without end.
Reserved seats, 'ibe; LulCOny, 10c; Opera-chairs
and box-seats, BUc.
Concerts Dy the Royal Hungarian Court Or-
chestra immediately after the evening perform-
ance in the Orpbeum Annex.
ALCAZAR I S_££2S!
Oue Continuous Boar of Laughter!
Gillette's Funniest Comedy.
"THE PROFESSOR!"
Come and Sea the Professor's Specimens.
Beautiful Scenery! Every hing Perfect!
J. li. Fi )i.K aud tbe Entire Company
Our Rt>KU.ar Prices. Piion„ for Seats— Black 991
SUTRO BATHS.
Open Dally From 7 A. .1. to 6 tt. 91. _~.
Swimming Season 1897.
Bathing, Including Admission— Adult*
■.sc, Children _uc.
1 General Admission, 10c. Children, da*
78
ARE UNITED IN
FRATERNAL BONDS
The following bas been issued from the Tem
ple Islam and it means that the Nobles of the
Mystic Shrine will leave lor the Mecca of Cali
fornia next Saturday at 3 o'clock, and return,
ing from the pilgrimage will leave there at the
snme hour on Sunday:
Tbe caravan will '.pave loot ol Market street,
San Francisco, at 3 r. m and by special train
be transported to the capital, arriving about
6 P. M.. and dine at the Golden Eagle Hotel.
Thirty longing and 'busting pilgrims, earnest
seekers ol the true light, will expiate their
gins upon the blazing sands of the des. rt. Our
lyre has been tuned and our wine bags and
breadskins have been filled; the camels have
been brought in trom the corral, fat, frisky
and eager for the fray, ladened with milk,
honey, dates r.nd salt. OuruieatßX. electrical
appliances, thrashing machines, instruments
. ■:" torture, Galling guns, flphtin_; elephants
and other bric-a-brac have been put in good
order, as well as added to. Gurgatorial re-
Preparing a Novice for the Sacrifice.
freshments will be served during the pilgrim
age by our diyafat. Wear soft hats and bring
fee and jewel.
Then follows the following appeal: Come
ye, all nobles of Islam, we celebrate in honor
of Ya Sittee Khadeejatoo'l-Koobra (Kadceja
the great), first wife of Mohammed (whose
name be praised), died December, (519 A. D.
Remember Yawmoo'l--Qiieeymah, the Moslem
test, wonderful alchemy, endless mysticism,
charge of the faithful, dismay of the infidels,
dervish recitations and the traditional ban
quet at whit.; the chanters-al-Koran will
soothe the Moslem hordes. The document is
signed by V. B. Duboce as katib and C. L.
Field as sultani.
The advice to the novice is: Require the
guide to allow you to be the first novice to
ride the camel. He will be fresh then (ooth
guide and camel), and you can get all you pay
for.
The Sacramento committee of fez-wearers is
composed of Louis F. Breuner, chairman;
Thomas B. Reid, E. W. Hale, Thomas Scott,
William D. Knight, T. XV. Heintzleman, John
T. Pike.
Native Sons of the Golden West
Last Monday Grand Secretary Lunstedt at
tended a meeting of the Native Sous who are
to organize themselves into "El Capitan" Par
lor and gave the required advice as to organ
ization.
Grand Outside Sentinel Norris, who was in
l is City lost week, paid a number fraternal
visits to local parlors.
Precita Parlor is working on the boom line.
The meetings are well attended, the member
ship is increasing and the good of the order
committee is doing all that can be done to
make the meetings attractive.
Sequoia Parlor, one of the youngest in the
order, has set a pace that has astonished many
of the older parlors. The members are most
energetic in bringing in candidates, its affairs
are conducted on strictly business lines, and
there is a spirit of good fee.'ing in the member
ship that cannot be excelled by any body
having a like number of members. And in
addition the parlor has a uniformed band
composed exclusively of its members, and as
one of the members said, ' -They are all good
wind-jammers."
J. B. Blake of San Luis Obispo, one of the
grand trustees.having fully recovered from the
effects of his recent illness, will arrive in this
City this week and at once commence the vis
itation of par.ors.
Many of the parlors are striving to crease
membership in order to secure an additional
delegate each to the Grand Parlor.
The seventh anniversary of Alcalde Parlor
will be celebrated by a ball at Native Sons'
Hall next Friday.
The masquerade ball recently given by south
San Francisco Parlor in South Sau Francisco
Opera Hall was well attended and there was
much enjoyment tor all who participated.
The following names appear on he register
ol visitors to the offi.-e of the grand secretary:
¥. J. Hammerlv oi Piedmont Parlor, Charles
O. Durban of Observatory Parlor, John Leath
ers Jr., district deputy grand president, XV. It.
simpers of Truckee and O. A. Bremer of Ala
meda.
There is unusual activity in all the parlors
and interest, too, in the selection of delegates
to the Grand Parlor; in fad, more so than In
many years pust.
On the last Saturday in January Redwood
Parlor gave an entertainment and dance
which proved a great success in every respect.
There was a large attendance-, including resi
dents of Menlo Park, San Mateo and other
places in the vicinity.
In a letter to the grand secretary, C. R. Run
kel, deputy for Nevada County, writes that he
visited Auburn, Silver Star, Sierra and Dor
mer parlors and found them all flourishing.
On the occasion of his visit to Sierra Parlor a
team from Mountain Parlor of Dutch Flat vis
ited and initiated fifteen cubs into the Curly
Bear degree. Then followed a feast at which
all the good things were not served on plates,
for there were many glasses on the board.
Frank Sabichi, one of the grand trustees, who
recently visited San Diego Parlor, reports it in
a very prosperous condition.
The tenth anniversary of Mt. Diablo Parlor
will be celebrated to-morrow night by au en
tertainment and banquet, at which the Native
Daughters will assist.
The truth of lhe assertion that "a live dep
uty can work wonders" has again been illus
trated in Sonoma County, where Sebastopol
Pdfrlor hod come to a standstilL He weut
around on a hustling tour, with the result
thut lie brought in a numberof candidates ior
initiation, and then installed the new officers,
who promised to keep the parlor awake
irom this time oil.
Charles H. Garoutte, past grand president.
is in Honolulu for the benefit of his health.
John T. Greiuiey, another past grand presi
dent, has been confined to his home for sev
eral days by illness, and C. K. Heverin, dis
trict deputy, has been under a physician's
care for several weeks.
sacrameato Parlor of Sacramento is the ban
ner parlor of that counly. It has 270 mem
bers, and *«03iJ in its treasury, its officers,
recently installed, are: XV. H. Saunders, past
president; J. a. Keefe, president; F. N.
Reuschel, T. A. Cody and XV. J. Featherstone
vice-presidents; Theodore G. Filers, recording
secretary; H. P. Brown, financial secretary;
Wii. lam Henderson, treasurer; George S.ullev
marshal; T. McAuliffe, trustee.
Grand Trustee I: E. Zaba.a of Sali =as will
commence his official visits shortly, starting
at lone Parlor, Amador County.
Tne officers of General Winn Parlor at An
tioch were installed by Deputy C. F. Montz'
those of Solano Parlor were Installed by
Deputy Boyd Parker; those of Santa Cruz Par
lor were installed by Deputy E. A. McCabe as
sisted by F. Helmcs aud XV. F. Chapman, wni. c
the officers of the parlor at Tracy were in
stalled by Deputy George C. Catts. assisted by
A. J. Turner, C. Maiuhey, J. W. Burrlck and J.
wmiher, of Siockton Parlor.
Marysville Parlor will give a masked ball on
the night o! St. Valentine's day.
solat.o Parlor will give a party on Washing
ton birthday anniversary.
Grand Trustee' Frank L. Coombs visited Sll
l'_-.'.. .*' FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WHEELOCK & CO.,
4 Leidesdorff St., Tel. Main 1054.
CKNTBA I. OFFICE
62:. Market St.. Palace Hotel. I'urlv* Atkinson
Maria. ers. Tel. Main 6144.
Uptown Office— Baldwin Hotel (adjoining Grill
Room). Tel. Main P. 61.
PURDY. ATKINSON & CLAPP, Manasera.'
Croers instantly executed on latest market oao>
tatlons. Reference Ist National Bank, s. P.
-inCAt-O. PRIVATE VfUßLxm NUiW YORK.
ver Tip Parlor and witnessed an initiation.
The event was followed by a speech by the vis
itor, a banquet and more speeches.
Masonic,
King Solomon's Lodge has appointed the follow
ing named a committee to take cuurge °* '"he
matter of building the new temple that thai body
will erect In the Western Addition: O. Gun/en
dorfer. G. K. Bacon, William Filmer. W. C. Wise.
.1. H. Goldman, L» schilling. G. R. F.eicher, A. 11.
Kay-oil. Harry Baebr ana the new master of the
loJge, a. M. ttla.ie. as member ex-otllcio. The
committee will rroceed to wor*; with all possible
am*- so as to have the tempi* ready by the time
the officers lor the succeeding term are r<-ady to be
insta.led.
Tbe order of the tetu; le was conferred in Golden
Gale Commsndery, K. ___, last Monday.
Order ofthe LiG.ern Mar.
Last Saturday In the presence of many visitors a
number of candidates ware Initialed into Mission
Chapter.
Harmony Chapter will give asocial In shiela
building on the evening of the 19th lust.
The proceedings of the last grand chapter bave
been distributed by Grand t-ecre. ary Mrs. Kite J.
\V mats, It is a book of 311 pages thai wiil prove
of great Interest to the mi rubers of the order. >
Th.. Odd Fellow,.
■•argent Lodge on Friday night had an Initiation,
an unusual event, as the work Is generally done by
th* degree lodge.
The • vent by the lodges of Fresno and vicinity
will lake place on Saturday next an I no: Monday.
>. hud been previously announced. Grand Master
Warboys. Deputy Grand Master Drew and oiher I
grand officers, it Is expected, will be present. {
Wi.llam uenry Barnes, P. G. M., will deliver the j
princi- al address.
polio Lodge has made all arrangements to re- j
ceive the veterans on Friday night.
'! he rituals for the encampments will not be j
ready tor distribution until the c one of the month. I
Golden West Lodge bas donated $..(> toward the |
fund for the erection of the orphanage a: Gilroy. '
1 he good work goes on, but all the lodges have not
yet contributed, and there is need for more money.
The Rebel-alls.
Mrs. Olive Allen, past grand president of the Re
bekabs, a resident of santa Kosa, has promised to
donate the corner stone for the new orphanage at
Gilroy.
Mrs. Hoxett of G.lroy, who donated the land j
upon which the orphanage is to be built, last
Thursday sent a large box of violets to be made up j
in.o buitou-hole bouquets for those who would at- ',
tend the social of (he Violet Social Club. After i
every one hai been provided in accordance with I
the lady's request (here were many flowers left,
and they were sent to madden the hearts of sick .
children in one of the hospitals.
Templar Rebekah Lodge will visit Fair Oaks I
Rebekah Lodge of Alameda on Saturday.
Ancient. Order United "Workmen.
George W. Day-wait, M. D., graud medical ex
aminer of the Ancient Order of United Wokmen.
had, up to last Friday, passed upou 120 applica
tions presetted duriug the current month.
At the meeting to be held to-night Magnolia
Lodge will amend its by-laws.
..Next Saturday evening the members of the Past
Master Workmen's vs. ocia'.ion will visit Harmony |
Lodge and the grand recorder will deliver an ad- i
dress.
Unity Lodge has removed to Sbiels building
and held its first meeting there last 'I uesday.
There was a good attendance and a number of
visitors, and after the transaction of the regular
I business tbere was an Impromptu celebration in
honor of the removal. This lodge has elected W.
A. Tugsy, A. Tuggy, K. Lawton, J. N. Block, -.
L. Waller, P. A. Smith. W. A. Stephana and c.
H. Bowcotl representatives of the rand Lodge.
Unity Lodge will, in about two wee-is. be enter
tained by a lecture by Pr feasor Jordan, assisted
by P.-o lesser _-auinel M. Waller.
Deputy Grand Master Poland and Grand Lec
turer Dantorth visited Nevada Lodge last Wednes
day evening, and, with the a d of the siereupticon,
conferred the decrees on fi teen candidates.
Grand Medical Examiner Day wall addressed
the members of Eden Lodge at san Lorenzo on tbe
evening of tbe SOth of last month.
Olive Branch Lodge was instituted at brook,
Han Diego Connty, by Special Deputy W. A.
Imffli s on the 29tb of last month.
Eleven applications were received from Reli
ance Lodge of Alvarado last week.
Under the law of the order the representatives
to the Grand Lodge must be elected at the hrst
meetiug to be held in February: consequently
elections have been in order aud' wl.i be during
(be month.
«.n the 27tbu!t. H. B. Truman, for many years j
recorder of El Dora lo Lodge of Placerville, died, I
ana his funeral was held under .he auspices of the I
lodge he servea weli and faithfully for many
years.
Degree of Honor.
A new lodge is to be Instituted at Newman,
Stanislaus County, on the 16th, and almost every I
petitioner has expressed a desire to become a
beneficiary member.
Silver spray Lodge had an Initiation last week
and received several applications
Grand Reco.der Mrs. Poland was in Nevada
City last week. _____■_
Knights of Pythias.
Grand Chancellor C. F. McGlashan has an
nounced the following official visitations for the
current week: Monday, Salinas Lodge; Tuesday.
Park Lodge at San Luis Obispo; Wednesday!
Santa Maria Lodge (.pedal): Thursday, Lompoc
Lodge (special). On Monday next be will pay a i
visit to Exceisior Lodge in this City.
Order of Chosen Friends
Assessment 271, levied January 15, will b* de- !
linquent on the 15th Inst. Assessment 272 was '
levied on the Ist Inst, and will be delinquent on I
tbe 28th.
The officers of Phoenix Council were installed in
public last Saturday night by Deputy T. H. I
O'Brien, assisted by H. C. Wall Is. grand recorder, j
acting as grand marshal. There were a large I
number present number present, Including the j
majority of the grand officers
During the past term Sunset Council lost seven
members, but made a net Increase of thirty-four. I
At its last held meeting ibis council received sev
eral applications.
Forest Gro re Council of Forest Hill duringthe |
last term increased its membership forty and |
had no loss. Los Angeles Council had a net in
crease of twenty-four ana Angels Camp Council
had an increase of seventeen. Tne ..rtiv of the '
reports that have been received a.l snow an in- !
crease. •
During the term new councils were Instituted
st santa Barbara, ban Luis Obis no. Los Angcle-, I
Belmont, Elk Grove and Chico. Two more coun
ells will shortly be luted.
The convention of de egates from the various j
local councils appointed to make arrangements
forthe entertainment of representaiives io the
Grand Council, which is to meet In this Clly, held
a meeting last l hursday in Red Men's 11 all. when ]
they organized by the election of the following I
named officers: Fred A. Taylor, president- J. L
.Homer, vice-president, and A. Weiner. secretary. I
After listening to a number of suggestions the '
committee adjourned to meet on the 18th Inst.
Germania Council lnl'lated three candidates and I
received applications, and America Council at Its I
last held mcc Ing received several applications.
Improved Order of Red Meu.
A new tribe of Red Men was instituted last week
by (;ecrg* ****• Collins, great junior sa-umor . as
sisted by Past Grand sachems Josselyn, Fred
Brandt. G. It. ; A.Jackson, great prophet: Charles
F. Burgman, great chief of records: Frank J. Ful
ler, acting as great guard of the wigwam, and mem
bers of sotoyome Tribe, who worked tbe adoption
degree and conferred the other degrees. The tribe
is -No. 89 and known as Ahwasle. and It has sixty
three char. members. The chiefs cf ibis tribe
are: T. H. sellers, &; Joseph McDonald, _. K.-
Thomas H. Wagstaff, J. ... : J. .v. Newbert, lit S.i
J. K. Hill. 2d S.: J. E. Bullier, Louis Musledlce.
Otto Kanltz, Emil Btckel. warriors: IredStolz,
John P. Fitzpatrick. John D. Summers and W. F.
Lawton, braves: J. B Wingate. C. of R. ; It. \*
Bragman. K. of XV. : Thomas Fletcher, G. of W.-'
V. G. ray more, G. of F. ______in
At a special session of -.he great council held last
Tuesday. G. W. Collins, acting great sachem;
nry A. Chase, aitlng great senior sagamore;
Fred Brandt, acting great junior sag* more: _.*. F.
Burgnan great chief of records: W. J. Smith,
great keeper of wampum: Samuel Berel, acting
great guard of the wigwam, and P. L. Bliss, acting
great sunup, (he past chief's degree was conferred
on tbe following named: Thomas J. Glynn of Al- -
than os. J. It. Richardson. J. W. Pew and F. 8.
Morton of Pawnee. W. T. Foilett of Poanochee. R.
J. Murray and Ft a. Hani of 1 ocahouiaa. F. J.
Fuller, L. Griffith ana Thomas Barrett of Manza
nits, Marcus Kramer of Oshonee, Gus'.ave E.
Darius of Wiunemucca, R. Smith of Bald Eagle,
F. W. Kattleman of White Eagle, and Jacob
I Fowzer of Arapahoe Tribe.
Kiowa Tribe has removed to the Alcazar, and
last Monday under the supervision of -sachem
Samuel L Waller there was a house-warming, an
Impromptu progrkmme being presented to the
members, visitors and to pa, e- faces.
Foresters of America.
Court Washington of the Foresters of America
held high jinks after the business meeting last
Thursday mgnt. here were two Initiations that
night, the work being performed to the presence of
Grand Senior Woodward J. Samuels. This court
which now has a membership of 160, showed its
appreciation of retiring 'Chief Ranger Blllers'
work during the past t.-rm by presenting him »
very handsome badge.
S. Schaben was the master of ceremonies at the
jinks, and be was assisted by J. L. Xagle, Maurice
miner. 11. schmals. Jke Brilliant, Chief Ranger
O.orge H. Boss, Financial Secretary I. v. Levy and
Recording secretary M. C. Laskey. The pro
gramme embraced the hoola-hoola dance by U.
11. Bartels in costume, vocal selections by three
juvenile-, Thomas, . harles and Ed Morris: zi.her
nolo by H. Moll*, Irish songs by » . Kelly and M.
Marlow, a tenor solo by J. SimptOD of Court
reliance, vocal solo by J. Hanson, son*, by W. j.
Feeling and other numbers, which served to make
op a good evening's entertainment.
Court Palo Alto haa fifteen application to act on.
Past Grand Cblef Ranger J. J. Cordy officially
visited Court Rafael in San Rafael laat Wednesday
and was well entertained.
J. Samue.a, graud senior woodward, will officially
visit Court (,o:<len State on Wednesday, and Court
Seal Rock «>u Thursday. •
The grand tub chlei ranger win visit Court Oak
Park to-night, court Sacramento tomorrow, Court
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1897.
Auburn on Wednesday and Court Granite, in
Lincoln, on Thursday.
The annual report of Grand secretary Bremer
shows thai duriii.: i h ■ MSI year ill numberof
initiations was 213.V re-lnslaierrenis sixty-two.
affiliation by card 195. There were stricken from
the roi lor" no .-payment of dues 2390, suspended
or expelled, sixteen, withdrawals fifty-four, left by
card 195, death . i in.t . -: lin-i- these figures show
a net loss in membership 01 ;.."> O.
Knights of the Golden lit .*.-.
Daniel > orcross, past grand chief, met with a
serious accident last week. lie was entering one
of the large hotels, when a dog ran against him
with great violence. Mr. Norcross, who ls in the
seventy-third year of his age, was by the force
throw to the floor, and in falling allied a
fracture of one ot the small bones of oue of bis
legs
Golden Gate Caste whs visited at its last held
meeting by Grand Master of Records G. B. Hanna
and Grand Instructor. W. 0, Macdougall, who in
structed the new officers of lhe castle in the work.
The cas. le will be visited by Die same officers
again on Monday ne\i. Nin- app icatlons were
prs'Cted tor cer ideates in the death benefit
fund. The castle Wlli give a valentine party on
Saiurday next.
I here la one assessment for (he death benefit
fund for th.. current mouth.
The members of California Castle gave m social
hop in Native eons' bunding last -aiurday night,
audit was wen attainted, (her.- betas, a large mem
bership present and n any of the iriends and rela
tives ol members. Among the prominent mem
bers of the oni- r present » ere Samuel McCall, D.
■".. Hanna and .\ . I. Norcross. past chiefs: G. B.
H us, grand master of records; P. A. AicGowan
grand chief ; .F. Pate, grand Kir herald. W. O.
AlacD.i.ga.l, grand Instructor, a_d Niuu<_r Kose.
grand vice chief, Th re was a fine programme of
c d . .* hie.i all enjoyed. The reception commit
tee was composed ci J. P. Sjogren, O. .ocks. T. A.
McGo-.vau, a. K. Plate and c. I*. IJorkniann; floor
manager, i. Kracke, assisted !>•• W. m. Joseph 1, C
A. dsiroiu, E. F. tsi*;bert and U. B. Hanna.
C. lifornia Council has adopted resolutions of
respect to (he memory ot .he late Ed a ard 8.
liouiind, who died nn the 2d of last month. Mr.
Dowand was past supreme chief and founder of
the order.
Alpha Temple will give a party in Union-square
Hall on the i2th ins:
Order B'ne B'lith.
Unity Lodge he.d an open meeting last Monday
at which there was a large attendance.
At a mcc Ing or Go den Gate Lodge on Wednes
day mere was also a good attendance.
'tomorrow night Columbia Lodge will hold an
open meeting in honor of the advancement of Ed
ward Bare, one of its members, to the office of
tirst vice-president of the Grand Lodge.
Two deaths were reported during the past week,
Moses Merer of Modiu Lodge and David Aaron of
Cremieiix Lodge.
tie proceedings of the recently held session of
the District Grand 1 odge will be ready for distri
bution about the 2sth Inst.
The new endowment law of the order is in the
bands of a special committee, which has the su
pervision of the matter whicn has to be revised to
meet the views of the grand body. This commit
tee Is composed of George Samuels, H. Guttsiadl
and F. Sperling. The last named was the chair
man of the comm tie.* of the local lodge that pre
pared a plan that was, with only a tew changes,
adopted. Mr. '-uttsti.dt. who was the chairman of
a committee that presented a plan that was rot
adopted on account of , elng too radical, made an
eloquent appeal to the eraud body lo favor of the
plan he advocated, and his address was so grand
that the grand body p_iu him the compliment of
ordering it printed in full in the proceedings.
The Knights of Honor.
Grand Dictator P. L Arc'-lba.d, who vislt3d the
lodges of Santa Cruz and Watsonville, reports
them both in a prosperous condition. The grand
dictator, accompanied by W. J. i homson, assist
ant grand dictator: M. L. Crowe, supreme repre
sents, T. Lamed, grand guide, and R. A. A.
Summers, district deputy, visited Center Lodge at
Berkeley last Tuesd iy. They initiated one candi
date . and delivered short addresses. The lodge
received seven applications that night. The mem
b-rs are working very enthusiastically for tbe
good ot the order.
Verba Hue. .a Lodge has elected R. H. Noble as
representative to the next session of the Grand
Lodge.
Las- Monday Liberty Lodte, after tbe transac
tion of business, opened the doors of the lodgeroom
to its friends, and a pleasant evening was spent
listening to a very good programme. Duriug the
evening Dictator Goddard was presented a beauti
ful gold emblematic charm for having during a
given time bi ought the greatest number mem
bers Into . he io.ue.
Last Tuesday evening Uuion Lodge chose George
Walcom to represent it iv the Grand Lodge, which
is to meet next March. Charles G. ..chaefer was
chosen as alternate. Grand Reporter Johnstons
was present and delivered an address. George.!.
Vincent, chairman of the Board of Grand Lodge
Trustees, who has r -covered from a receut attack
of Illness, was also present.
Progressive Endowment Guild.
At a meeting of San Francisco chapter. Progres
sive Endowment Guild, held on Wednesday in St.
George's Hall, one candidate was initiated and
two applications were accepted.
The commiitee of this chapter has reported the
following programme forth- entertainment to be
given on the evening of the 3d of March, in Golden
Gate Hall: overture; address b»- M. T. Moses;
m slcal selections »*y Professor Kolander's man
dolin, bunjo and guitar class: soprano solo. Miss
Caroline shindler: dialect specialties. O. W. Cal
vert: tenor solo, J. C. Flood: humorous specialties,
Cyrus B. Newton; contraltos do. Miss Ida Haver
ley; dancing
... W. McGarvle D. B. G., presented the chanter
with a new seal ann for this the donor was ten
derei a vote of thanks.
Order of p. ml..
During the month of January 1 rid applications
were received and four new councils were organ
ized.
Circular 1. containing the proceedings of the
last-held Supreme Council, were sent to the sub
ordinate bodies ast week.
Alexander Roiheustsin. supreme organizer, will
go to Montana to visit i he councils there.
Representative Fortler Is still lingering In this
City.
The Good Templars.
Kvening Star Lodge at its meeting last Thursday
had the following-named officers installed by
Lodge Deputy E. Flntelmann: O. G.Gardner, P-
C. T.; Rev. _'. Frldri C. 1.; Mrs. G. Fridrich,
V. T.: Mrs. M Erring,!!; J. P. Munnlng. a. B__
W. Crow-hurst. F. 8.: Mrs. H. N. Gardner. T.; G.
Stuckey, M. : Miss May Fridrlchs, D. M.; Miss E.
Gibson G. : W. Thon p-on, s.; Miss a. Wallace,
superintendent of juvenile work.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
RUss HOUSE.
B Johnson, Cambr.a B M Hawkins, Cambria
U St Clair. Utah W St Clair. Utah
A H U'Dell. Los Angeles II It Wood, Halt Lake
X J Thomat, l.erkeley B X Burns A, w, Fie-.no
Q W Sickles. Kossland Mrs S J Allen, s Rosa
8 p Lowery, Alameda T H Jenkins, England
W N Woodland, Napa V *-. Raymond, Napa
H Neil, Napa JO Albright, Napa
S W Henry. Fresno (J Hteller, Angels
P. P Hulburt, Redwood Jll .-.mlth, Salinas
Miss A W'llllams.Salinus U Ball A d. Healdsburg
Mr»J Heuderson. rt Jones Mrs vV Fisher, Wash
A W Balla.d. Wash A Wood, it I
B Martin, Rl J It Kent. R I
C X Reed, Mass A c McCullum, Willows
X A Wood, Woodland J H Anderson, f>el
A S Erwit., NY J H Homer, N V
Miss X Beard, Nev AM Wood, Sacramento
<■ J Jerome. Oakland W B( .llle.i. Mass
J _ Langford, L Angeles A L Hiuue, Be
MrsW H siewart. s Jose J A Gill, I_os Angeles
y O'Connell. Anaconda c a Totter, ,\ V
S W Henry, Fresno J II Wauaworih, S Jose
A S Kolb, Henidsburg J A Petty, Merced
__ H Willis, sacramento C W Preston, Ukiab
A J Hart.*.. eL, t. V W Jeffery, Oakland
C H Sainmon, Oa.lar.d J t. Whitehead, Oakland '
GRAND HOTEL
J B Mclntyre Aw, stmr HA Josiln, Baker .field
Alabama • J X Oilier, ilamiburgh
G Shirley, Vallejo T i cvi, sau Diego
P Anderson, Cal P Wilkins, X V
C F 1 erle. --ononis 1" Ulcer, N V
L, C Chapman, s-acio X H uriggs, Stanford
JET Pike, ..uco J lee, Fort Bfdwell
0 0 Harne- 1, Napa .Miss More.-, Salem
M X Maciary, l-resno Miss E Morey, Salem
J Hanks, Fresno Dr J M Blodgeli, Lodl
H P Clair * «-, Va J W Kills, Pa
J Mathlna, Sacto Or J 1 -Stephen. Petaiuma
G C. Evans, Alameda J Weil, sac o
A stack, cal Ci D Dudley, Spokane
X M Hinchteld * w.Cal J C Bannister, Sacto
J I) I Idale, Hanford H X Moore, st Paul
i J C Landram, Merced A W Pluiumer, Colusa
V L Landram, Merced J Craig, Colusa
X B Lyl-y, Sale a, « Go dfish, Hollister
it L> Kil.y, N V J X Warner, San Jose
O BMurray, Sta Clara a P I'atiit &w, Yolo
LICK HOUSE.
Mrs A Carter Oaklaud Mrs S Cummings, Cal
X Casper, Vallejo Thos Reams A ar. Utah
James Ives <fe w, Utah W B Fai •.>, Santa Kosa
Raleigh Barcar. Vacaville Eiw M Bed. Napa
B C Wairath. Nev City J W Scott, Nev
E B Dana, N V Samuel .. Carson, N V
w G Wheelock, Chicago Ms ii B Hill, cal
J B Hill __ w, cal W a Humbert «_ w, Cal
J B Alexander, Denver J Smith Aw, Cal
J O Andrews, oroville J Treadwell. Santa Rosa
A W Johnson, sacto C X Wood, Modesto
BALDWIN HOTEL.
Mrs Stanley, Sausalito F' s -pus A wf, Sausalito
Mrs M C Caro, Sausalito E Malley, sausalito
W F Oliver. Chicago J O Walker. Chicago
Mrs A Pyser. sacto D Uyams. New York
M J tried man. S Lake J Bains, Kr«-sno
C M Hatcher, 8 Jose Airs J Abbott. Mont
Miss Abbot., Mont H Scott, Valiejo
E Miller, Fresno F" St John, Carson
c smith. Sel ma F A Collins, Woodland
J Morris, Seattle H. Walton, New Yor-i
F Richard, Portland
PALACE HOTEL.
C Burns. Denver B R Hutcbins, Chicago
J li Pierce, (iran field W T Trego A w, Chicago
E Mont-ornery, Chicago W Opp*-nh<fim _t w, N V !
J S K.uil., r.y : Wisconsn J Taylor, til Paso
C F Hlbbet., w & c. UsN T Couch. U s N
T C Sutherland. CBN Mr A Mrs >. hurchll ,Bost I
D M Dickerson, Uetrolt It Lansing 4 w. Watertn ■
Miss Lousing, Watertn C P Anderson, N V
C B Warren, Detroit C B Younger, Santa Cruz i
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL.
C A Harper, Ohio W H Green, Fresno •
J D Ritchey, Mloturn J Fisher. Mluturu
8 Kasmussen, Modesto C Coriard. Kings County
F L Noble, Chicago M Montague. Chicago
H Olson, Portland Mrs H Johnson A fm Or
J B .-_ pplt. g, ..onora F W Brown. Va.,. ... '
I! Nelv.ni. Seattle J Ij I_angtry di- \v Nilea
P J- Gallagher, Glen Kiln J Setz. i-r.*.i.i o
C Boss, Tacoma M 8 Stafford Aw, Or -
HOW EVERY MAN
MAY GET RICH
Officers of the Labor Ex
change Tell All
About It.
The Topic Which Mest Inter
ests the Army of the
Unemployed.
A System Which Promises to Work
Out tLe Grrat Pr b em of
the Age.
State Organizer J. S. Clark explained to
a large and very much interested audience
yesterday at Pythian Hall something of
the results of his tour over the State in
th . interests of the Labor Exchange.
The new plan for the ultimate emanci
pation of the workers the United States
— of the world — bad been introduced here
but about two years ago, he said, and
there are now fitty-tive branches in the
State. The movement Is spreading rap
idly over the coast. He explained the
Labor Exchange as an institution that
carries on business without money, lt
has its own system of checks that, among
I its members, serve the purpose of money.
| It is the purpose of the exchange to set
the unemployed at worK by finding a
i market for their product — that is, effecting
exchanges between the members so that
every one may secure whatever he nee J -s
of the product of any other member by
offering the product of bis own labor for
it. To effect this readily a big storehouse
j has been opened at 3-2 Davis street, where
the surplus product of the members of the
I exchanges throughout the State is re
] ceived and distributed. During the past
I eiubt months a business of no less than
$28,000 has been transacted in this way.
"We believe we have discovered the
way out ot our labor and financial diffi-
I culties," said the speaker. "Of course we
! do not expect to overturn tbe old system
in a month or a year, but we are moving
j rapidly and with every day the momen
tum of the movement increases. The
army of tbe unemployed is very large and
with the conditions that obtain the task
of putting them all to work is a big one.
Hut our system is on a sound basis and
we are proceeding under safe, practical
methods, so the relief extended is perma
nent am the area of its good influence
keeps always extending.
For instance, a spicemill has been pur
chased within the pas', few days for the
exchange at Red Bluff; a shingle-mill bad
been purchased at Eureka; there is a saw
mill on Puget Sound and others along the
coast at different points at which the
Laoor Exchange checks are acceptable.
"Now, inasmuch as the laborers or work
men only gets about one-tenth of the pro
duct of hi. labor under the old system, he
will find it greatly to bis advantage to en
list under our system, where he practically
sets the whole product of his own labor.
It is rapidly coming to be understood how
the men who control the circulating
medium control all else. A newspaper
woman some lime ago, by means of dis
| guise, went among the poor classes of
j workwomen of this City. She discovered
I that no less than 300 of them were cm
i ployed at wages that amounted to an
! average of 15 cents a day. Is not that an
j illustration of how the wealthy have power
] to throw the working classes upon the
| charitable institutions while tbey (the
wealthy) secure the product of their labor
to themselves?
Thomas V. Cator was introduced as the
speaker of the afternoon. His discourse
! was more of a general appeal in behalf of
i liberty in reform movements and among
j reformers than an exposition of the prin
ciples of the Labor Exchange. He declared
j bis strong belief in those principles, how
i ever, lie said that be bad watched the
j progress oi ihe Labor Exchange with
j great interest and believed that it would
I eventually spread all over the United
! States and revolutionize the system of ex
! change and with it the waces of labor.
I He said be had talked with Senator Bar
low a few days ago and learned that the
j Labor Exchange of San Luis Obispo was
the biggest and soundest commercial en
i terprise in that country.
He thought that single taxers, social-
I ists, and every other branch of reformers
: working for the same end, the emancipa
i tion of men, should join in this move-
I ment, as its rapid trend was in that di
! rection.
Henry Warfield, president of Branch 26,
! further explained the workings of the
! movement. "The difference between the
j Labor Exchange and any other move
! ment." he said, "is that we do not have to
j wait for four years to get a chance to vote
j again. We are at work now and all the
time."
He explained that tbe next development
of the movement was to build houses for
tne members. He said that arrangements
had been effected for building a house for
a member who owned a lot and which lot
• was deposited with the exchange. Labor
' and materials bad been secured; the
; bouse would be put up through the me
| dium of their checks, just as the Governor
j of Guernsey had built a public market
hou-e. The rent of the house would be
I paid into the exchange and the same re
! sult would be achieved as the single-taxers
; are striving at through the medium of
', legislation.
Great interest was manifested by the
I large audience. Another public meeting
• will be held at the same place next Sun
l day. •
■ * ■»■»■»
It is said that the Eskimo alphabet has
I only five characters; that the language
l itseif is not very difficult, but it is the only
| one the Eskimo ever learns.
— ■***********■■
WEATHER 111 ft .V i.UPORr.
Uniteh States Department of Aobicci>
TUBE, KATK Kit BUBKAU. SAN Francisco, Feb.
7, .897. 6 p.m. Weather conditions and general
forecast:
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
us compared with tho .c of the same dale last sea
son and rainfall during the past twenty-four hours-
Eureka, missing, last sea-con 24.73. past 'ii.
hours .66: Red Bluff 18.50, last season 13.81., past
34 hours .66: San Fra-jcisc. 16.71, las season
-•*'<. par 24 hours. 36: Fresno 7.85, la.l season
j -Oil. past 24 hours .28: Sau Luis Obispo 14.97,
j las. season 12.25, past -.4 hours, .28; Los Angeles,
I 11.01, Inst reason 5.91, pail 24 hours trace; San
Diego 7.25, last season 4.44, past 24 hours ,00-
Yuma 4.66, last season. Oast 24 hours .00.
San Prancisco data— Maximum temperature 66
minimum 47. mean s'j.
A storm of considerable energy appeared this
I morning over Washington and Vancouver. The
i pressure fell rapidly over Northern California,
J Or.gou and Washington. He-* vy rain has fallen
in the -acramento and San Joaqulu valleys.
The temperature bas remained nearly stationary
over the enii country west of the Rocky Moun
tains. a maximum wind velocity of forty
eight miles ncr hour from the southeast Is re
ported at Fort Can by and a velocity of thirty
miles east at Tatoosh Island. Ai Point Reyes a
wind of forty-two miles per hour from tbe north
west is reported.
Conditions still remain unfavorable for perma
nently clear weather over Northern California.
rivers
] The following reports have been received-
I Red Bluff. 16.8 feet, a fall of 2 feel; Colusa, 25.6
| feet, a fal of 4 feet: Marysville. 14.8 feet, a fall
of. feet: l-o.Rom, 13 8 feet, a tall of 3.1 feet; Sac
ramento. 23.7 feet, ana rising; Stockton. 9.7
| feet, a fall of 1.7 feet.
At san Joaquin bridge at 5 p. m. tbe water
: lacked one inch of seventeen feet. This Is very
i high water, if not he highest on record.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
en-ling midnight. February 8, 1897.
Northern California— Showery Monday; fresh
southerly winds.
Southern California— Cloudy Monday and pos
slblv ligrt .showers early Monday morning; light
westerly winds.
- evada— Showers Monday in northern portion.
Utah— Cloudy Monday. ■ - ■ j
Arizona— Cloud Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Probably fair Mon
day; fresh north w«-sit> rl v winds. "
Alexander Mcauie, Local Forecast Ofliciai.
O Clear 3 Partly Cloudy
# Cloudy ® Ram ® Snow
Explanation.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top figures
at station indicate maximum temperature for the
days: those underneath it, if any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and hundredths,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect po!n s of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted Hues, equal temperature. The
word "high" means high barometric pressure and
is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rain-*.
••Lows" usually first appear on the Washington
coast. When the pressure is high in the interior
and low along the coast, and the Isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain ls probable:
but when Ihe "low" is Inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon Is iroprob
able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these conditions
will produce an opposite result.
THIS CALL IAI.KVI.AU.
Febbuary, 1897.
Mo.iTu. !
III!
8 I 9
|
IB ! 16
l
|W.
3
Th. j Fr.;
4( B I
; Sa. i Moon's Phases
6 €9k I*6* Moon
__ *2s Feb. 1.
— —
22 | 23
10
17
11 12 13 ~ Firs: Quarter
v-V F>tx 9.
18 19 20 '
i -j<^ Full Moon.
' -3S Feb. 17
25 '26 |27 .._
j^Last Quarter.
j'V Feb. 23.
-4-J_____ S-T__AM_____.
Unto, of Departure from Run Francisco.
XTKAMKR I DK.HTI NATION. |
SMI,-;.
I pt>:R.
• i .%
•"ewporl.... I
)et None..
lueen
'■orona
iunol
Jmatllla.. ..
001 Bar- . . '
aralion ... !
!.\V. Elder, i
lexico. !
'Om Bay JKeb 8 6pm Pier IS
Panama Feb B.l* 11 pat S3
Grays Harbor. Feb 8. 4pji ...
Ban Dleco Feo 9. Ham Pier 11
Humboldtßat Feb 9. Urn Pier •
Urars Harbor. Feb 10.12 m Pier 2
j Vie <t Bnd Feb 10, 9am Pier 9
Newport t-ebll. Uti Pl« 11
i Yaauina Bay. Feb IX 9am ! pier 'i
Portland F<-b 12.1 Cam Pier 24
San Dlesro Feb 13 11a* ; pw II
China* Japan Feb IS. Ipm P M SB
Oregon ports.. Feb 13. spm Pier 13
Coos liar . Feb 13, 6mjl'terS
Vie A Pgt Snrt F-h 16. Sam Pier 3
Pufbia
hTI_.A_H.KKS TO AUUIVI..
-I AMKB | IROM I I»o I
Crescent our... CroaceDt City !
City of Everett. .Namlma
Corona Hum bow. Bay. :
Costa Rica. Comox '
North Foric ... Mumboldt Bar
City Pueb!a Victoria A Puget Bonn 3 .
Geo W. Klder.. Portland ■■
Coos Bay .Newport
Faralton Yaqulna Bar '.'"'.
Trnckee. l'or:)and „ I
Mexico -an Diego
Alamela Sydney ,
City of Para... I Panama
Allceßlaacbard ' I'orlland !
Amaru poo ra. .. Oscos ; j
Czarina , Coos Bay
>an Mateo ; Com ox
Hereto.. Newport.
Arcata Coos Bay '...
(Hate of Cal ' Portland
Doric 'Cbinaand Japan ......
Orizaba I Mexico '
Wa!la Walla. .. ; Victoria a Pni»iMonnl
..Feo 8
..Feb 8
. Feb 8
..Fee 8
..fett 9
 .Feb 9
. Fob 9
Keb 9
I Fob 10
..Feb 10
1 ..Feo 1 1
..Feb 1 1
..Fob 12
..Feb 12
..Feb 19
i ..Feb 13
..Feb 18
. FeO 13
I ..Feb 13
| ..Keb 14
I.. Feb 14
I.Ffb 14
. . Feb 15
SUX, MOO . ANU TIDE.
UNITED states coast and GEOPFTTC survey
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fo <t Point, Entrance to
San Francisco Bay. Published by Offi
cial Authority of THE superintendent.
Note— The high and low waters occur at the
City Front (Mission-street Wharf) about twenty
five minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the same a' both places.
February — 1897.
Monda -, Febuary 8.
Pnnrlaaa 7.07 1 Moon n,^.,
Sunsets „ 8. 41 1 M00n set.. ...... am '
►i^jFeet'l^iFenll^f Feet \V^\ Feet
S H W I. vv H .. w
I
3. A3 4.611L3J1 0.9! 6.44 &0U0.05 30
4.30 <5 1--.34 0.7! 7.56 :<. II 11.00 SO
I 8.12 4.S LSI O.»| 9.01 82! 11.58 3 2
] 600; 4.4 207-0.1! 9.50 36 '....
\h W B \V ■ L W illttl
I 1.00, 32! 7.06! 4.7 1 '_•.<» -tt4 10..'5 j S.B
I 2.10; 8.0! 8.081 4.9 3. SO -'.).« 10.50 4.0
;l
Nor*— In the above exposition of the tides the
early morning tides are given In the lett hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
order of occurrence as to time, The second time
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
sccurs. The heights given are additions to tha
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes ths
height, and then the number given la subtractlva
worn the depth given by the charts.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of tha United States Hrdrograpblo
Oflice located In the Merchants' Exchange ls
maintained in Bsn Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and free of
expense. , .
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit tbe
office, where complete sets ot charts and sailing
directions of the world are kept on hani ior com
parison aud reference, and the latest Information
can always be obtained regarding lights, danger*
to navigation and all matters of Interest to ocean
commerce
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill ls hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and ls dropped at noon. 120 th meridian, by
telegraphic signal received each day from the
United States Naval Observatory at Mare Island.
Cal.
A notice stating whether the rime ball was
dropped on time, or giving the error. If any, Is j
published the same day oy the afternoon papers,
and by the morning papers the following .lav.
W. s. btniiis
Lieutenant U. a. N.. In charge
SBH'l'i..G iM__LLU.__..\i;i_.
Arrive I.
SUNDAY, February 7.
Stmr Queen, Alexander, 65.1/4 hours trom san
Dieco: pass and mise, to Goodall, Perkins A Co.
Stmr Noyo. Levlnson, 14 hours trom Port Bragg;
pass and mdse. to J s Kimball.
-tmr Washtenaw. Crosscup, 90 hours from Ta
coma: 4500 to is coal, to nP_-o. Oakland direct.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland, 20 hours from Monterey,
etc: produce, to Uoodall. Perkins -i Co.
Stmr Willamette, Holmes, 89 hours from
Seat le; 2650 ons coal, io Ore .on Imp Co.
Stmr Empire, Reed, 70 bours from Coos Bay:
coal, etc.. to i > c & N Co. .
Stmr Albion, Lundquist, 74 hours from Co
qullio River: mda*. to J S Kimball.
Stmr Sunoi. • D. timers, 104 hours from Grays
Harbor; pass and mdse, to Gray, Harbor Commer
cial Co
Schr James A Garfield. Palmgren. 9 days from
Columbia River: lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co.
Schr Mary c, Campbell, 8 hours irom Bodega;
70 bxs butier. to Ross A Hewlett.
Schr Albert Meyer. Marshall, 13 days from
Kahului; 10810 bags sugar, to Allen * Lewis.
failed.
SUNDAY. February 7.
Stmr Eureka, Parsons, san Pedro. :• :■•"."• '_■ *- ;
Stmr Czarina. Seaman, Co Bay. •
Stmr State of California, ..reen, Astoria.
Stmr Weeolt. Miller Menao mo.
G t snip uinm r-.ci.en m<> zer. Queenstown
Bark Coins;-. Kwar., TACom-.-
Haw bark Andrew Welch, Drew, Honolulu.
Schr S Danlelson, Yogel. Nebalem.
*>cnr Etta B, Bourne, Port Rosa.
Tele iiaj. 11:3
POINT LOBOS. Feb 7-1 J p. __.— Weather
cloudy; wind NW. velocity 30 mii<j__
iiiiinotis 'or 1
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Feb 7— Stmr Navarro,
hence Feb 6.
EUR A — Arrived Feb s— Sim- Nor.!. Pork,
bene* Feb 5 V- .-_.ur Pasadena, from san Pedro;
Sailed Fen 7— Stmrs Ne_aboyaud Corona and
s.'br Fortuna, for sau Francisco; scar Her. ha
D oi beer.
VENTURA- Arrived Feb 7— Stmr Geo Loomis,
hence Feu •>. and sailed for -<.-n Francisco. __-•'-.
SAN PKDltO— A i rived Feb 6— Schr Hueneme.
from Port Gamble.
Sailed Feb 7 - senr Lottie son. for Kureka.
Hußl ANGELES- Arrived Feb 7— Bark Ma
tilda, from Honolulu.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived Feb 7— U stmr Marion,
from ciuise.
ASTolt lA— mailed Feb 7— Br stmr Cti itta-;o:ig,
for Victoria; stmr Geo W Elder, for Sa . Frau
cisco. '
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Feb 7-Bktn Kliki
tat, from Honolulu.
Movements of Trans- Atlantic -t «• _m*»?_
_-k\\ York— Arrived Feb 7— Stmr Weimar,
from Bremen: s:mr Bur_unlia. from Marseilles
and Naples: at.nr Auranla, irom Liverpool and
tin _iimov.u; s.mr i.a Normaudie, from Havre:
stmr Furnessia, from i-iitisgow.
mU ci Feb simr Ful.ia forCenoi.
HAVRE— Arrived out Feb 7— tr La Gascogne.
ULEIiNSTOWN-Sallea Feb 7— stmr Servia.for
-New *or*.
Importations.
BAN DIEGO— Per Queen— 67 pcs curbl.ig, 1 bx
grapefruit,! sk nam ess. 4rt siis bones, b bos
glue stock, 26 bbls allow, 179 bdls hides. 1 horse.
It bbls coffee, 3 crts lb ix*. ia .ferine*,. 17.V bdls
dried flsn. 13 pkgi mdse. b66 bxs orange*, 45 b.\j
ittues. 287 -eiuon*., 9 bxs type, 2 cs sbo-s, 10
c, olive oil, •_: t>xs butier. 17 cs abalone mea., 78
sks .ib_ one shells.
Redondo, etc— 2 cs paten: me tic:n*», 1 In grape
fruit, 2 sks walnuts, 1 bit screens 1 D drill. 10
dried apricots, 23 limes, 3 ti.ti.igs. I
sk peanut**., 102 bxs lemons, _9 bxsorauges, 3
s*»s cement, 1 crt labels, 3 rs sbo-s-
Port Los Angeles, etc— 4 aks nuts, 125 c* bottles,
3 kegs olives. 5 D bars. 10 sections harrow, 79 cs
sapj.io, 1 crt priming press. 6 bxs t. pe. I cs mow,
2 bbls 252 bxsorauces, 20 bxs tomatoes. 48 ska
peas, 4 cs honey, 9 pkjjs mdse, 3 bxs lemons 271
bills pells, .6 wheels, 1 sk chili. 61 bd.s blues.
Santa Barbara— 26 sks dried fruit. 1 keg carinas.
2 ins butier, 11 bdls bid*-sand peits, 8 pkgs mdse,
4 bb ! tallow, 39 bxs lemons, 42 nxs oranges.
Port Harford— 2 tubs 95 uxs outltti , 64 c;*<eggs,
9s sks corn, 7 pk_rs uips. 11 pkgs groceries, 2.1 sks
mus. ard, 13 »xs fish. 24 sks flax, 8 dressed c.*..ves,
4 sks green peas, 2 cs lard, 1 cs dry goods, i bx
i.'i-c. . ry, 95 ska potatoes.
FORT BRAGG— Per Noyo-241 M ft lumber, 3
bdls hides, 1 r>x hardware, -8 pkgs mdse.
SANTA CRUZ- Per Gipsy— 4 bxs batter, 250
bbls lime, 1 cs eggs.
. LOU-BAV- P. r Emp re -600 tons coal, 30 eds
wood 50 M ft lumber, 237 sks potatoes.
COQUILLE RIVER— Per Aiu 10n— 44 eds wood.
140 tons co. 1, 130 bdis broom handles, 10 bales
flau nels, 6s_s plaster, 4 sks rags.
GRAYS HARBOR- Per sunol- 300 M ft lumber,
2 bf-bbU br_nd/.
Consignee*.
Per Queen— Hllmer, BredhoiTA Schulz: Buffalo
Brewery: Hills Bros; V E Whitney .ft <J.i ; Juilso i
Fruit Co; Miiwaiixee Brewery; II N Tilden & Co:
Brigham, Hoppe •__ Co; s Levy<fcCo; A Fedora;
Dairymen's Union: Dodge. Sweeney- & Co: M J
Ma. >ay &to California Wine Assn: FBH light;
Wheaton, Breon & Co; Meyertield, Mitchell A Co;
H Klrchmann & Co; Marsnall & Reimers. itotu,
Blum & Co; Van Ronn &Co: Russ, Sanders & Co;
Standard Oil Co: H Heckman _fe Co; A rallies; J H
Cain & Co: Nortou, Teller d: Co; Labor Exchange;
Wltzel A Maker; Schweitzer & Co; A Eana & Co;
M T Freiias & Co; Wellman, Peck a Co; Cereghiuo
& Co; Pacitic Coast Fish Co: De Bernard! & Co: S
Jacobs: Kowalsky & Co; Getz Bros J£ Co; Pacific
i.utchers' supply Co; Western Meat Co; Coburn,
Tevi. d; Co; J P Thomas; Sacrameuto Fish Co;
American Union Fish Co; J B lugu^lla: H Levi
<_ . o; J H Kessing: Garcia & Magginl; Wasbburn-
Mo. Mig Co: LG Sresovich <t Co: Ed Adams A
son; W R Knight & Co; J ivancovich A Co; F C
Gat-house; Levi Spiegel & Co : Trobock «fc Bergen ;
McDonough & Runyon : Campodonico * Malcolm ;
L Scale a<£ to: A Levy <& Co; D Blag*, it Co; M
McD Bullock; H D Thomas: Sawyer Tanning Co;
Mlnaker-fc Wel banks: W F Mitcne.l: Taylor &
Taylor; Goodall, Perkins & Co; J Demartiui; U
Ui.-esti <fc Co: l.odnquez, Howard <fe Co; American
Type Foundry: Evelethdt Nash; Gray _fc Barbleri ;
Amer I ress Assn: Calm, Nickelsburg & Co". Pacitic
Amnion a & Chemical Works; Cal Per s co: D M
Osborne & Co; Redington «__ Co; O H T Jackson:
C X oraham: J X Armsby Ji Co; Geoc Dallamo.-e;
D E Allison A Co: \v C Price & Co: J Jonas: King
Furniture Co; Wetmore Bros; A Monson A Co: A
While; Parke & L.icy; sau Fraucisco Brewery;
Pion.er Wine Vaults; California Furniture Co; J
Salz; Wolf <& Son: Dalton Bros; Gould .£ Jaudln;
A Galli Fruit Co: W B Sumner & Co; G Toohy; W
II _-olan: J X Morrill; C W nesting; Greenhood
A Co: Lewis Packing Co; 8 Levi: A J B immel:
Johnson-Locke MerCo: A Hammond; Flynn &
Tracy; J Pettinson; M S simas; J A Folger & Co;
Chiuda & Flach; Jas Murray; v Finnnegan; G R
Starr A Co.
Per Novo — W B Sumner A Co ; H S Burlingham;
Miller, Sloss & Scott: Union Lumber Co.
Per Gipsy— U Co well <& Co; Enterprise Brewery;
A Fink A Co. :'
Per Empire— O C & Co: Erlanger A Galinger;
Wells, Fargo <fc Co; Thomas Lomchrau; P A Buell;
Murray & Co; Hllmer. BredhoiTdt Schulz.
rer Albiou — J S Kimball: Bandon Woolen-mills;
Ilulme ._ Hart; J H Newbauer <t Co; E H Lyons-
Miller, Sloss <t Scott.
i er »unoi-Grays Harbor Commercial Co; Chev
alier A Co.
— — ! ! — !
OCEAN TRAVEL.
f__Jf_ &■!!!. BBS __. S.S. AUSTRALIA for
EmHIE HONOLULU "niy.
* Rl t ,,,, ■■■■• Tuesday, February 23.
„ Bra ™^—^^^ at '_.' p. *_ Special party
tA*\\ClXstr L* A rat ' 33 -
Va .Mil .nin d ra,^ S. S. ALA M F. A
HWlllJlliy*'-' sails via HONOLULU
** ' •fOdlßHßlK an ' l AUCKLAND for
\yiipUl«_p SYDNEY, Thursday.
M arch 4, at 2 p. m.
Line to COOLG ARDIE, Aust.,and CAPETOWN
South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS A BROS. CO- Agents.
114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office, 327 Market st, San Francisco.
PACIFIC COAST_STEAMSHIP CO.
STEAMERS LEAVE BROADWAY Agjs\m
wharf, San Francisco, as follows: -e^l^S^f
For Mary Island, Lorlng, Wrangel. Juneau, KU-
llsnoo and Sitka (Alaska), at 9 a. * Feb. 10, 25.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes and
New Whatcom (Bellingham Bay, Wash.), 9 a. at.
Feb. 4, 10, 13, 20. 25, and every fifth day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P. R.
R., at Tacoma with N. P. R. R., at Seattle with G.
N. Ry., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For Eureka, Areata and Fields Landing (Hum-
boldt Bay), str. Pomona 2 p. m.. Feh. 1, 6,9, IS,
17. 21, 25, and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos,
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gaviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, san Pedro, East San
Pedro (Lob Angeles) and Newport, _. 9 a. ___.
Feb. 3, 7. 11, 15, 19. 23, 27, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For san Diego, stopping only at Port Hanord
(San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port Los An-
feles. Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
a.m. Feb. 1, 5, 9, 13, 17, 21, 25, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For Ensenada, San Jose del Cabo. Mazatlan, La
Paz and Guaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
a. U. 25th of each month.
The Company reserves the right to change with-
out previous notice steamers, sailing dates and
hours of sailing. Ticket office— Palace Hotel, 4
New Montgomery street.
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO., GenT Agents,
10 Market st., San Francisco.
THE O. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
3E*C_>-_E : tTX__i_ia .3Xr ID
From Spear-street Wharf, at 10 a. m.
FA T___f2-. - rir " t ': CIaM \ Including
- uI,J '-•b Second-class /berth meals
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Oeorg;e W. Elder Feb. jj, ._> 2
State of California Feh. 7, 7, 27
Through tickets and through baggaje to all
Eas.erii points. Kates and folders upon applica-
llou to rr
F. F. CONNOR. General Agent,
_-,_._._ .. . PERKINS A 630 Market street.
GOODALL PERK INS A CO. Superintendent
COIFAGMI. <___SKa.il TRA..SA TLAI J
Frencti Line to Havre.
/-IOMPA Y'S PIE W),42 NO Mygim.
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by -__*S3(»
this line avoid both transit by English railway and
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a sin .11
boat. New York to Alexandria. Egypt, via Part*
first class if 160, second class $116.
LANOKMAXDIE Feb. 13, 9 a.*.
LA BOURGO'jNE *. Feb. 20. si.il
LA CHAMPAGNE '.Feb. 27, 8:30 A. *_
LA GASCOGNE March 6. sa*.
LA RKETAGNK March 13, Ba. _.
J___T For further particulars apply to
A. FORGET, Agent.
No. 3. Bowling Green. New York.
J. F. FUGAZI it CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
avenue, San Francis.o.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washlnerton St..
At U P. 31. Daily. Freight received -up
to •:.-*<> l*. _»I.
K3~ Accommodations Reserved by Telephone
The only line selling through tickets and giving
through freight rates to all poin.s 0.1 Valley
Railroad.
STEAMERS:
T. C. Walker, J. D. re tera, . ..:.-.'
Mary Oarratt, City of Stockton.
'telephone Main 805. Cat. Nay. and lmpu Uo
FOS. YALLEJO A_D C. S. ..AVYYARD.
STEAMER "..IOVTICELLO,"
Dally ex. Saturday A Sua.. 10:30 a. *. and 4r <_,
Saturdays "10:30 a. * Ip._l
Sundays 8 ml
' Landing Mission-street Deck, Pier 2.
Telephone Black 261.
"Trip gives 6 hours stop at Navy-Yard.
FOR SAX JOSE, lOS (.ATOS&SA..TACRIZ
STEAMER ALVISO LEAVES PIER 1 MON-
O ui.y. Wednesday, J ridar. a. 10 a it. Alviso
'1 uesilav. luuradav. s*.tnrdav. at 3p. m. Freight
and Passenger, Fare between san Francisco and
Alviso, 50c; to San Jose, 73a Clay at- •->■— _L
SW W. bMU* Out Ik. oaa Jum. " *
, J RAILROAD
<tOt lIH.K\ PACII'IC COMPAfIT.
(FAonrta HVHTBM.)
Train* Irmi* mi.l mi' <lm- t _ arrlre at
KAN nUKCIMO.
LKAVT. — From Jakuary 1. 1397. — ARittvi
"*S:O«A"Niti 5, San Joee ami Way Stations... S:si-"i ;
7:«»Oa Atlantic Express, Og.len and I. aft.. __:4-'U '
7:OOa Benicia, VacaTille, Rumsey. Sacra- w
meuto. OtO»Hto and Redding via f
I>riTi' ... 6j45,
7s*«»a Martinea, San Ramon, vallejo Napa,
( 'ali>-toga ami Mima Rosa 6:13»
*:»«» Niles, san Jose, Stockton, lone,
Sacramento. ATarysTlile, Chico'
Tehama and Red Bluff ' .4 -is.
*_:ao.\ Peters an.l Miltou * .-!.,'
OiOOa New Orleans f.xpnEH. Raymond (for "
Tossmlte), Fresno, Bakc_.iieliL
Santa lliiiliara, l.os Angeles, Dem.
ing. El Paso, New Orleans and
Fast ... . _
1»:0(.a Martinez anil Stocktou •'■'■' •* i-
-9:0«v Vallejo .".' i;"J''
Niles, San Jose, Livermore "and *' > **
Stockton _ _ .
•l:OOp Sacr-mcnto River Steamers m', : *
1:00;. Niles. San nnd , iTem"^ « «?
IliSOr Port Cotta and Way SUUons- **«■»
•_••!> Martinez. Sau J: .,- 0 „ v_*ii_i_' t<:, ' *
a»ai_*s s *~tt
«:»Ap Benicia, Vacaville, "\v'^,U''y B!l5 *
Kc__AUl^d__g.Mary«TiUc,t__-
ville ami Sacrauii
4:3«i- Lathrop. Stockton, .[.,',,. ."m*."' , - t: *l ; »a
cc.l and PresEO, going vi * v';,-/,'
retutuingiiaiiartiiicz. ' .. _»
SiOOi-Lo- AngcUa Express frar-V 11,4!5 *
Fresno, Santa Barbara an! 1 CJ ;
Augeles '•'**
5K)(»r Santa Fo Route. Atlantic .-'_'.",;."',* ,0 '' , ' *
forMi.jav., ami East ' '"- t3 .„ 
«:0»i- European Mail, . Ig.l, „ anrt ',", ... ■ '".-J^
StOOp Uay-i.i.il. Mies riul San .],..,* ",. A
17»OOi- V__flojO - ; «>
7iU»p Oregon lii|>re_mBacran>ei i 0 -,-.," ,<:4 * i "
rifle. Iteil.llng, Portland. 5 rpimS
Sound mid Last ... b  
_10: OOp "Siraret Liraitod" Fresno'-" ,'ll ; '- ,1 «*»*»-
Angeles Pi Pas,, New o ' rlea '^
and East !•_______«
SANTA CRUZ MITInIOX (Xar'ro w '^ ~ l —
_-.!.-* Newark, (.'eiilerviUi. l Siiii.i„„.Y^77^ ' — _>
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz aiudWa*
Stations * _M»
■»an»p Newark.- Centerville, San Jos.'"l.*»'_ a, ''°*»
Aliunde!), Pelton, Boulder C-.-ek
Santa Cruz and Priucii*'. Way
Stations . 1 .,_
4:1.-1- Newark. Snu .li.so an.l lx>a Gat.'wi '"* tV ._*
fll:15p Hunters' Kxrursion, San Jose and" "
__?__! Statious :7:-_,„.
COAST jn__________in___JiJ_EJ ._ ioi-tiiseiid si
o:**."_A San .10-e mid Way Statloua (New *
.-■_._ A,1! " Wednesdays only) ... Lao,
a.1.-A S_ii .lose, ! i--i Pinos, Santa Cruz
Pacili,: Grove, Paso KoWes, San
Luis «»i.isi>.>. Guadalupe, Surf and 1
l'rin.ipal Way 5tati,,,,*,.... 7«) Or/
I 10:40.. Sun Jose ...id W„y .*.*,;;,„,. "' rj.'JJorf
! ll:_tUA Palo Alto and V. ay __blUe.it " 'l-"o*i
__.»•!• San Mateo, ?lenlo Park, ■* ' i.'.i,'.* "
Cilrny, Tree Pinos, Ssiita i ,.'
.£ .... O Baliaaa.-_oa-ei_yai>ilPaciUeGro.e M. «:«►_,
*3:n»r Ban Josa and Way Stations .. C--15 J
*4:30i-Sau lo3ean,l Wav Stations *_"c_a
s:3(>i- & . Jose ;l,i : ftiucipal "Way Statious •(. i-i.". a
0_:»«i> San Jose and M aj Htatioua fi--. -. .
III:*,.-.!' 8..11 Josi-mi 1 Way .Stations '■'.'.. '.'.'. t7-45r
SAX I.l.A.Milltl AMI IIAVWAKI.s Lot a 1,.—
t*6:C»(. " ~" ' " 7 -. **.
■*«•••* 1 19:4.-1
iHSa i ■■'el row. Seminary Park, Vi!i_t
*"!oop ritchbnr^SanLeaudro | **:***
3:00P j Md . 4;,..,
4:<>Op nuv } 3:43 P
fig^ I H«"**«ta. *«;
7:«» Op I (_:4*'H
0.-OOp I ' RunB throngh to Niles. 10-50?
y.OO|. I » Runs through to Niles. 10-"S(»_>
ftll;l_p>i t From Niles. j .tiuioop
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
I Prom SAS FRiSCISCO— FooI of Market Street (Slip 8)-_
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. 11:00 *2:00 13:08
-4:00 ; JS;00 *6:03p.j4.
s PromOAILARD— Foot of BroaJw»j.— *6:00 8:00
10:00 a.m. U2:00 *1:00 12:00 »3:00 t--03
I *5:00 p.m.
A for Morninc. P for Afternoon.
• Suudays excepted. I Saturdays only.
1 Sundays only.
' ft Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
.Tuesdays and Saturdays. § Sundays and Thursday*
SAS FRI\CISCO & ftORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry— Foot of Market it.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00. 11:00 a.m.: H:S%
8:80, 6:10, 6:30 P. -t- Thursdays— Extra trtn
at 11:30 p. v. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:53
and 11:30 P. m.
SUNDAYS— a:OO, 9:3 a 11:00 ▲.]_.; 1:30, 3:3.1.
6:00. :'JO P. M.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— B:IS, 7:80, 9:20, 11:10 a. K-
-12:45, 3:40, 8:10 p. M. Saturdays— Extra trim'
at 1 :55 p. if. and 6:35 p. if. '
SUNDAYS— B:U», 9:10, 11:10 a. m.: 1:40, 3:11
6:00, 6:25 p. M.
Between San Prancisco and Schuetzen Parle sama
schedule as above. I
l__ave I npffp/ .. Arrive
San Francisco. Oct. 14. San Fr anclaca
Wkkk j Sun- up- 1^^.,,,. Sen- , Wkkk"
Days, j days. I "e»""**"°P- PAYS . | Days.
7:30 Alt 8:00 AM Novato, 10:40 AMI 8:40 AM
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaiuma, 6:10 pm 10:25 am
6:10 5:00 pm Santa Kosa. 7:35 PM 6:22 PM
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am:
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
j Geyserville,
3:50 pm ! 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:85 »m 6:22 pm
T j Pleta. i j "
\ S Hopland <__
7:30 ami 8.00 AMj Ulclah. | 7:35 pm 6:22
7:30 am 1 10:25 am
8 :00 am uernevllle. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm I I 6:22 pm
7:30am|8:00 am I Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
I and
5:10 pm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:22
7:3oam;B7ooaMl sebastonol |10:40 am|lo:2 . am
S:30pm;5:00 pm SeDa3topol - I 6:10 pmJ 6:22pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Geyservllle for ska .ss Springs: at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for Highland
Springs. Kelseyville, Soda Bay and __.a_epor_: at
Hopland for Lakeport and Bartlett Springs; at
! Ukiah ior Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter
Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's. Buck-
cell's, Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville, Booneviile,
Greenwood, Orr's Hot Springs. Mendocino City,
Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal, wuieta. Cahto, Co-
velo. Laytonvllle, Harris, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
yond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Markets.., Chronicle buildin*
A. W. FOSTER, R. X. RYAN.
Prea. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Atlantic "€||||p^
■_p* • ff* _«^^^s__^2____:
s+JnflTif J*__w__Ssi-__\
EAILKOAU
Trains leave aal iuriys «tivKl_?s^*HS^!3
41arkfc_-3treet Ferry. C _^_t"4__^
SANTA fFeaprfss. §MSmM
To Chlcaso via A. A l* . *^_sr_v_§<!_OUT "__lJ
Direct Line v <W-_B ; __p--^£_jJs_||
Leaves da ly at 6: JO p. m., carrying Pullman r__JjJ
Drawing-room and Modern Upholstered Toui-tS
Sieeolng-i.-ars, which run dally through to CCh in»u ___n»
via Kansas City. Annex cars for Denver and 3b
Louis.
Bos. on I*. xcurslons, via Kansas City, Chicago^
Montreal and the White Mountains leave every
1 *. esday.
The best railway from California to the Bask
; New rails, new ties: nodus'.: Interesting scenery,
ana good meals in Harvey's dining-rooms.
Sau Francisco Ticket Office, 644 Markei
St.. Chronicle Building-. Telephone Mala
1531. Oakland, lilt. Broadway.
KORTII PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD "
.Via. Sausalito Ferry).
tinea Baa francisco, Commencing Sept. 13. IS9&
WKSKDAim
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— »7 i_l6. *9 __
11:00 a. M. »1:45, 8:45. »6:16. *3 6:30 i P.*
Extra trips for San Kafael on Mondays, wedsna
«aya and Saturdays at 11 .30 p. m.
■ •■".." ■-: SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and Son l.afael-*8:00. *10Xi
•11:30 a. M. : »1:!.0, 3:00, *4:30. 6:16». M.
Trains marked * run to san Uuentln.
THROUGH TRAINS.
For Point Reyes aud way stations— 7 .28 x. _■,
Weekdays, B*o a. m. Sundays. 1:45 a* K. Sato*
Cays.
>«r Caaadero and way station*— 7:2s a. U. -.__)»
<_Kr9> 1 U.i r. k. Saturday a. -
TBE Sl. FRIAi-iS AAi) SAS JDAUUI.I
VALLEY lIAILWAV I'OMPASY.
FROM JANUARY 31, 1837, passenger trains
will run dally:
southbound. Stations. Northbound.
7:2 ' a. m Stockton 5:10 p. M
9:1-9 a. m Merced »:14 M .
ll:_0 a m Fresno 1 :10 p. m.
For .n:erm»dlate stations see ti*up- table.
Connecting stenrobiats <>f the C. X. <fc i. -. .>.
'eav*. San ! .m I?. -i .1 -in - .t .n at 6 p m dail/-
fflOLifr pALPAIJ^
Trains conn, ct with North Paolflo
Coast Kailroad. *-__»••»-
WEKK HAYS-i.. aye S. F. 9:15 A . m. 1.4-,- m
.<*■ urnlng— .vr. iv*- s. i-. 3.25 P M ~;., 0 1; „
SUN .JAY- v.. S.F. 8a m U__»*i"iS_K*
Returning— Arrive S.E. 1:1 p. M.4:20 p m 7 : .5 _• M.
1 insets for salt- In Mill Valley or
_,, ,V*' *-°__ J S & _0..5, ** 1 Market su, 8. It
Mill Valley and Mount TamalpaU ■(______■ R__Uw__fcSECRET SESSIONS
ONLY IN NAME
A Moral That Politicians'
Are Slow to Recognize
and Act Upon.
. *
Incorporations and Annexations |
Prove the Growth of the
County.
J. C Martin Still Unable to Gratify
the Earnest Wish of His
Many Frknd**.
Oakland Office .an Fkancisco Call,)
90S Broadway, Feb. 7. )
There is great desire among lhe people |
of this city who are interested in poll tips j
. to see the secret system of conducting ;
■ {tarty and non-party. politics abandoned.
The only secret thing desired is the ballot.
Four years ago there was an agitation
against secret sessions of the Board of Ed
. iicai.ion. The School Directors got into a
habit of uie.ung and adjourning into |
."executive session," though everybody [
• thought that every session was an'execu
tive one, and nearly ev.iy one of such
ytf_.cc tings was followed by some wild reve- ]
' /.a. ions.* The explanation was given that
i. tue of the teachers' characters were I
Y'lder d.iecussion, b^t it was soon learned
"that the awarding of large contracts for
: school furniture was really the cause, and ;
since that time secret meetings have not |
been held. -'-i^.-.»j -_c-_«- u;j.
"Witn modern newspaper methods there
isMio such' thing as a "secret" meeting of
any. political body. No matter what pre- I
• •cautions are thrown around the proceed- I
ings a' report ol them can always be found I
'in next morning's papers, though the
moral of this doe*, not seem to have yet
borne much fruit. But whatever excuse
may be offered lor the secret meetings of
city central committees, there will cer
tainly he none offered for a secret couven- j
tion such as that held by the Municipal j
League ia.t week. Asa matter of fact,
mere was nothing said or done at the j
secret convention that needed protection
from the public, but the closed doors in- :
vited suspicion and the public accepted
ti.e invitation. It was perfectly safe in
indorsing the greater portion of * tne Re
publican licket, out there is certainly no
Hope lor the candidates whom it r.omi- :
• nated and who have no other support.
The league is not the power it was four
years ago when Dr. Pardee was its con
trolling spirit and it 3 present attempt to
split tue regular Republican ticket* will
nut be successful.
. Nothing shows the growth of Alameda
I county more than the incorporation of
hew towns. Not long ago Pleasanton re
incorporated as a city of an advanced
class; Livermore will soon do the same
thing, and still more recently the town of
Emeryville has been created. Now comes I
another town for municipal honors and j
•Eim burst is considering the policy of hay- j
.. log a local Government.
A few years ago there was not a house in
Klmhurst, indeed there was no such place. '
'Jhe electric road opened, a churcn was j
built, a public school district was formed, I
/nouses arose iike mushrooms, and soon
I there was a town much larger than Oak-
I land was when she incorporated in the
time when Horace Carpenter was strug- \
gling for hi.- daily bread. *"';
. In this same connection is the growing i
desire to make Oakland a city ahead 01
Los Angeles. There is no reason why all
the outlying territory should still be with
. . out street lights, sidewalks and protec
;ion. The advantages that will accrue \
from being part of the city will soon in- j
crease the value of property to such an 1
ox'.ent that the additional proportion o» I
' taxation would not Le felt. Ail the coun- j
fry between Oakland and Berkeley is set
tled, and it would De impossible for the |
different districts to form separate incor
porations, as the cost of town officers
would be too heavy. Yet tbey cannot re- i
main stagnant or property wiil continue j
•to he of no more value than if it were
located in Palomares Canyon.
The only relief is annexation and now '
that the large property-owners have taken |
|he mailer in hand there is little doubt
but that it will be annexed. The electric '
roa_is run directly through the districts
from the heart 01 Oakland and residents j
would rather live on the outskirts' of a I
town than in the center, if accorded the '
same police protection and conveniences, j
As carfare is the same for three miles as |
one, it wouid naturally seem as if annexa- j
tion would speedily be followed by the
_ rapid settling or the whole territory.
For over a year J. C. Martin has been
removed from the public eye, and proba- I
bh" there are not ten men about whom j
more inquiry would be made were they j
also to drop out of sight. It is not the
will of Mrs. Martin that he should be thus j
confined to seclusion, but a complicated
.malady holds him its unwilling prisoner. I
That he was so popular is the best crite
, r-on by which to judge of his character, !
for he held a position which is not popu- |
Jar with many elements of society. His
Waa the controlling legal mind of the j
Southern Pacific in this district. Upon |
his shoulders, more than upon any other 1
V ICE-PRESIDENT CAMPBELL OF THE ECONOMIC LEAGUE.
I OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 6— The Ladies* Economic L.ague of Oakland has been
- reorganized with a large membership. The league is conducted on lines similar
• to that of the Ebell Society, without the latter's' social features. Mrs. Lydia A.
'. Prescott has been elected secretary, Mrs. Campbell of West Oakland'vice-presi
dent and Mrs. Kellogg secretary. •' ~ """ % ...*.--_
The league meets once a week to discuss questions of economics and to hear
papers from prominent persons who may b^ traveling in this part of the country.
Last season it had a membership of about 100 and it is probable' that that number
will be exceeded in the present course. -'-•••v
one man, was placed the onus of protect
ing the interests of the railroad company
in the courts. But, although he was
often pictured before the people in certain
quarters as "a man who was paid to try to
legally keen a collar around their necks,"
that same public always respected J. C.
Martin. Now that Le has been sick for
over a year, there is not a person In Oak
land who would not gladly welcome his
kindly face and willingly-given hand on
Broadway.
It has often been said, ana with some
trutii, that J. C. Martin's sickness is more
the result of a broken heart than 'an in
firmity of the body. More than a year
ago tu*> partner of his life was taken from
him. His noble wife nad made a chapter
of history that will ever brighten the
pages of local • annals of the kind and
good, and their home was to them both
their altar, at which they worshiped in
perfect accord every hour of their long
married life. (Since "that home was tem
porarily rent asunder the kindly attorney
has not been the same man.
Stuart M. Booth.
YOUNG FOLKS' FARCES.
Colonel Irish's ___.___{ as an Ama
teur Theatric.-! Stage Man-
a X i-.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 7.— The young
people of the First Unitarian Church will
present a couple of clever farces next Fri
day evening In the parlors of the church.
Miss Frances Irish, the clever daughter
of Colonel John P. Irish, has the affair in
charge. John Kendrick Bang's "The
Fatal Message," which deals with the
trials of an amatenr theatrical company;
and William Dean Howelis' larce, "The
Garroter -," are the two plays selected.
Mis. Irish has colored several gorgeous
posters which will herald me performance
of the clever young players.
The casts for the two farces are as fol
lows:
"The Fatal Hes-Mgc*'— Thaddeua Perkins (in
charge of the curtain), Frank Hus; Mrs. Thad
deus Perkins (cm; tor Lady Ellen), Mis Frances
Irish; Edward Bradley .'an under.-iudv), Fran
cis A. Fletcher: Mis. Edward Bradley (cast for
Lady Amaran-.li), Miss Lucy H. Fie -Cher; Rob
ert Yardley (stage manager). George Mars Ily;
Jack Barlow (cast for Fenderson Featherhea-"),
John P. Irish Jr. ; Miss Andrews (out lor the
maid). Miss Clara Funda; Chester Henderson
(an absentee); Jennie (a professional waitress),
Mrs. George Meredith.
- The Garro lers— Edward Roberts (a victim),
Frank Hus; Mrs. Edward Roberts (an excitable
person), Miss Frances Irish; Mrs. eras haw
(Mrs. Roberts' aunt)," Miss l.i.cy H. 1 letci.er;
Willis Campbell (Mrs. Roberts' broth, r), John
P. Iris!. Jr.; Mr. Bemis (another victim),
George Mais ily; Dr. Lawton (our mutual
friend), George Meredith; Bella (the maid),
Miss Clara Funda.
During the evening music will be fur
nished by an orchestra composed of Miss
Henrietta Hus, Miss Marguerite Hus,
Frank Hus and Henri Ha-. '
WERE STRUCK BY A TRAIN
Narrow Escape o. H Crow 2 and
Mrs. M Mo k en the Ala
meda Marsh.
'" ; : '"_:!:■ '
Their Carriage Was Demoli?hei and
Its Occupants Were Badly
Shaken Up
ALAMEDA, Cal, Feb. 7.— The 4:30
--o'clock broad-gauge local from the pier,
drawn by engine 1221, struck and demol
ished a carriage on the crossing in the
marsh, just north of Mastick station, this
afternoon. The carriage was the property
of Martin & Crome, and was being driven
by Herbert Crome of 2506 Eagle avenue,
junior member of that firm. " ' '
Mr. Crome was _ returning from San
Francisco" wnere he had taken Mrs. Mar
garetta Molk and Mrs. Annie Toll, a
daughter, to the burial' of their son and
brother, John Molk. They crossed .the
bay on the 4-o'c!ock creek boat and had
driven up Webster street and taken the
marsh road into 'the city. " The track is !
clear of all obstructions from the Alice
street bridge to tbis point, and it is im
possible to understand how such an acci
dent could have occurred.
Mr. Crome was thrown from his seat
and his head was badly Injured. He was
attended by Dr. Reynolds, who dressed
his wounds and said he would recover in
time. The ladies were badly shaken up
an . suffered a nervous shock which will
confine them both to their beds" for some
time to come.
The carriage is lying in the marsh alone
side the road, broken beyond repairs. The
train stopped, and taking* the' injured
aboard brought them to Park street, from
whence they were taken to their homes.
"Old Red School House."
ALAMEDA, Cal.. Feb. 7.— Tbe "Old
Red Schoolhouse on the Corner.'' an adap
tation of the "District School," will be pro
duced by the Young Men's Club of the
First Presbyterian Church Tuesday even
ing of this wrek in Linderman's Opera
hou-<e. Mrs. V. Hand is in charge of the
affair, and is being assisted by Messrs. Ed
Tabor, E. K. Howe Jr., -Henry Strachn
and Hugo Lorber. * Miss Deborah Klttery
will represent the old fashioned school
ma'am.
Those who will take part in the school
are: /
Mendames J. J. Boyle, Poyzer, Fox, H. R.
Taylor, Starkweather; Mr." and Mrs. WV H.
Pollura, Mr. and Mrs. L. McGlauflln, Mr.
and Mrs. C. F. Bradford, Mr. nnd Mrs.
George A. Bordwell,- Mr. and Mrs*, p. C.
Cortelyou, Mr. and Mrs. Sykes; ' Misses
Constance- Pollard, Ethel Downs, Ada
Renner.'Amy Hunt, Onida Getty,' Alice Hand,
Mac Sutherland. Belle Garrotte, Bell "Shep
herd, Alice McCurdy; Messrs. E. K. Howe Jr.,
George Hand, Will Barber." Ed Tabor, Benja
min Donham, A. J. Smiley, Ed 'Thornton,
Perley Glissman. Roscoe Downs, Bert Burrell,
Hugo Lorber, William Ramsey, Jessie Ives,
A. L. Bchnemau, Frank Foley, JJr. Walter
Hughes. "''' -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1897.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
DID NOT MAKE
HIS EXPLANATION
Dr. Ellis Thinks His Church
Is in an Inconvenient
Situation. **
The Young Ladies Now Object
to the "Marry or Move"
Society.
The Congregation Will Pass Upon the
Unpleasant mess Next
Wednesday Night.
Oakland Office *". an Frakcisco Call,
908 Broadway, Feb. 7. ,
Rev. J. W. Ellis of the Centennial Pres
byterian Church was prepared to make a
Rev. J. W. Ellis, Pastor-Elect of the Centennial Presbyterian Church.
statement at this morning'? service of his
side ol the matter that has split the con
gregation, but owing to the rain the at
tendance was so small that he refrained.
The pastor would have said that he has
no desire to stay in a church where he is
not wanted, but that he proposes that
everything shall be done decently and in
order.
"Somehow or other," said the pastor to
day, "Centennial Church is in an awk
ward position. There is the Elnihurst
Presbyterians on one side and the
Brooklyn Presbyterian Church on the
other and we are sandwiched in between,
with both sides pulling away from us.'
Next Wednesday evening there is to be a
general meeting of tne congregation and
the whole matter will be decided."
The dissatisfaction between the two ele
ments in the church is not confined to the
older members, but prevails as bitterly
among the younger people. Several of the
young ladies have expressed some very
strong opinions about their society which
created much interest some months ago.
The society was called the "M. M." So
ciety, and it was given out that the letters
meant "marry or move," and that if by a
certain time the members did not marry
they must move out of the neighborhood.
Whether this was the idea or not, it w as
generally believed to be the case, and the
young ladies declare that the pastor
■ caused them to obtain much unpleasant
notoriety.
On the other hand, the friends of the
: pastor declare that he is no way responsi
ble for any unpleasantness among the
young folks and that he only helped along
a practical movement for mutual culture
and progress. \ : ■"■'.
Rev. Dr. Coyle recently stated that the
trouble appeared to be between money on
oue side and members on the other "and
that it seemed to be an effort to prevent
Dr. Ellis exercising that discipline whicU.
is essential to church government.
RETREAT OF SECTARIANISM
Key. E. Davis Leans Toward the Views
Advanced by .President
Jordan. •"••»
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 7.— Rev. Edwards
Davis, who is one of the union of pastors
who invited Dr. Munhall to Oakland,
somewhat surprised his congregation 16
--night with the following section of his
sermon, 'which* was entitled "The Ad
vance ol Modern Thought and the Retreat
of Sectarianism' :
Human development depends on conflict,
not peace. Charge iv belief should be no more
appalllnsr than death that leads to life. Con
fidence In the ultimate triumph of truth
should make the Christian fear no foe of
Christianity, Skepticism proves nothing; in
fidelity is- merely the negation ol a ({ting
affirmed, to be confirmed; speculative phil
osophy, if erroneous, will enhance the
worth of faith, to whicn tho wandering mind
will eventually return, andthe-hypotnosis of
science, if wrong, will demonstrate us falsity,
while the truo revelations of the ! mind of
man will only reveal reality. And 1 would
rather know the truth that all were false than
think that all were true and have a faith in
falsity. ; ".*".' * ' •
As religionists we should be sufficiently
scientific to prove all things, lest we hold fast
to those things which are not Rood. If higher
criticism can reveal textual error in what was
supposed to be Holy Writ, if the text be true
ft is no less hoiy writ because it was written
by unhoij- hands; if the miracles be false,
then as allegorical teachings' their principles
are no less true; if Christ was not raised from
the tomb Christianity has risen from nothing
and its existence is a miracle, if the' masses
lose faith in human creeds they will find faith
in something, and that, whatever it may be,
is the divine creed. If the' universe' implies
the existence of a Creator, ono' of His attri
butes is necessarily omnisicence; and hence
truth' will ultimately triumph. * •* '*.'■>■
Science Is not only incidental, but absolutely
essential to theo.ogy, for it is the classifica
tion of truths. But science and theology have
both been iv error, but both by an elimination
of the spurious aie being brought into com
pleteness. * ' " ■■* - "• * - ■_ i ■■-■_. .ri ■■•
Aristarchus contended in vain with his con
temporaries In astronomy nineteen centuries
before Galileo demonstrated the falsity of the
belief that the sun revolved around the earth.
Science first believed the false, then theology
would not believe the true. The land-lubber
ing scientist believed the earth was flat, but
the sailors saw the convexity of the seas. The
physical scientist has advanced a presumable
truth and the theologian has refused the offer
ing.-— Science retaliates- with- a just criticism
of theology's excess of sentiment at the ex
pense of reason. Theology retorts and science
parries.- Mote personally, if Dr. Jordan be so
an tly wrong why does 'his mistake 'need
correction? Revivalist, , it not' hit, do not
dodge; theologian, if he be right in his asser
tion that the revival is a phase of intoxication,
then,' believer in au unbelievable creed, throw
your articles to tbe winds or, standing on the
shifting sands of sentiment, wail over 'a lost
faith. Prove all things, and hold not fast to
things that are not good. ■-- —
WASHINGTON'S PARADE.
To Be tlio Heat Appointed Pageant
J- ver Witnessed in Alameda
County.
OAKLAND. Gal., Feb. The follow
ing circular ias been sent all over Ala
ni ed _ County and San Francisco: ! '
We take pleasure in calling your attention
to the forthcoming celebration of Washing
ton's birthday,
The committee in whose hands depends
largely the degree of success to be attained in
the coming parade fully recognize the fact
that they are merely carrying out, in detail,
the spirit of all our patriotic nnd progressive
citizens. - - --•-•-
We feel that whatever benefit Is to be de
rived from such manifestations of devotion to
our departed hero will accrue to the general
welfare of the community.
' To insure the unqualified success of this un
dertaking we must have the hearty financial
support and co-operation of all merchants and
business meu who feel that all legitimate ef
forts to advance the interests of our beautiful
city should receive the united support of all.
We have received such encouraging reports
of co-operation from San Franefeco-aud Ala
meda County that we feel able, even at this
early date, to guarantee the largest and best
appointed parade of this character ever held
m Oakland. *-.. ""■'*■' .„.*f .--.■■
We will endeavor to exercise as strict a de
gree ol economy as possible, and have pro
vided a simple method for the collection of
subscriptions, which assures all moneys being
faithfully accounted for.
We desire all subscriptions paid on or before
February 15, as we positively will not incur
1 cent of obligation in excess of our cash on
band
Believing that you will meet this appeal in
the same sp-frit in which it is sent, we now
refer you to our solicitor, who will call at an
eat date. Respectfully yours. C. 11. Miller,
chairman; D. H. Ford, treasurer; H. Riel,
secretary. *•' -. '
Bls-iop Nichols at St. Andrew's.
OAKLAND. Cal., Feb. This evening
Bishop Nichols ol this parish made his
annual visit to St. Andrew's Parish. A
class of candidates have been receiving
instructions from ' the rector for 1 several
weeks past, and at this service they re
ceived the apostolic rite of confirmation.
The Bishop, who is a forcible speaker,
preached the sermon and addressed' the
candidates. Since the last visit of the
Bishop valuable improvements have been
made in the church, especially by the ad
dition of costly stained-glass windows to
the end and sides bf the chancel. " The
organ debt has been considerably reduced,
and also the floating indebtedness, not
withstanding" the hard times. It has also
been decided to have a vested choir of
mixed voices, under leadership of G.
Hall ''and' Miss Maxwell, organist/ The
vestments for the young ladies are now
being made, and in a short time the
vested oho:r will take its place in the
church service.
One Wife Too Many.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 6.— Mary Gifford,
the A lameda wife of William B. Gay, filed
an action yesterday to annul the mar
riage' entered into last September. Gay,
who is in jail, says the suit is taken to
help him. "I know that the lady in Ala
meda will do -notning to hurt my case,
and I only want to get out of this scrape
so that I pay legally marry her," sain the
m I
X M- fjjfii ii. '
Wx lll
•A c MABwCS
*
prisoner this morning. "She is sticking to
me through friendship," and tlfo woman
from Colorado is sticking to rae because
of the fiend which is in her. I talked
with Mi«s Gafford about th. proceedings
before they, were brought,* and know that
it will not hurt my defense."." .'.' "
Cyclists Active for Bills.
OAKLAND. Cal., Feb. 7..— The Cali-
fornia Associated Cycling Clubs met last
\ evening "in the Acme clubrooms and
j passed resolutions to be forwarded to the
I Legislature: asking that the bills Intro- - *
■ diked' by. be State Bureau of Highways
Ibe pushed forward and passed this
session. 1 '- ' ■■*'■" *'" ■—•■''•' >*>
To Hi-bat.. With the T. M. C. A. .
BERKELEY, Cal., F.b. The Stu-
dents' Congress has accepted an invita-
tion from the Young Men's Christian As-
sociation Debating' Society of San - Fran-
cisco to meet it in joint debate at an early
date. E. H. Rubottom, the speaker of the !
congress will appoint a committee *to !
make arrangements for the debate within '
the next few days. '.** " "'.'.;'" **- "'""■:
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
•* ••*, '*." ;-* * vs'"}: - •- .
Th. fao- /t
-T«afcg_Sr.saL
. i
TO REVIVE AN
OLD CUSTOM
How the Boys' Brigade
Will Celebrate Wash-"
ington's Birthday.
They Will Have a Flag-Raising
at the Eighth- Avenue Meth- *
odist Church.
If Any One Objects the Pastor Will
Have It Raised Over His
Own Residence.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
; UOt Broadway, Feb. 7. J
It has been decided to have a genuine
"flag-raisinc"" at the, Eighth-avenue
Methodist Church on the afternoon of
Washington's birthday. The affair will
be in charge of Company D, First Regi
ment Boys' Brigade, and it is said to be
the first affair of its kind on a Protestant
church in California."
Already committees have been appointed
and arrangements for this novel exhibi
tion are going forward. The entire regi
ment will be invited as well as companies
in San Francisco and surrounding towns.'
The programme as outlined by. the com
mittee, will consist of speeches by some
of the prominent clergy of Oakland, vocal
solos, cornet solos, and the glee club will
also be features. The last number will be
the honoring of "Old Glory."
It has been arranged as the flag is being
slowly raised, Sergeant Kempkey will play
"The Star Spangled Banner," and as the
flag touches the top, a salute will be fired
by a picked squad. Captain H. P. Hobson
and Lieutenant Manly D. Bird will be in
charge.
Dr. Carroll, pastor of the Eighth-avenue
Methodist Church, referring to the matter
to-night, said: '-;'.', _ »
"During the war certain Protestant
churches erected flagpoles and displayed
'Old Glory' from them, and I see no rea
son why we shouldn't do the same. The
matter will be brought before the official
board this week to decide whether tho
pole shall be placed on the church build
ing or on the ground."
The doctor said that in case of opposi
tion the company couid erect the pole on
his house, "r-"
Last Friday evening, February 5, Com
pany D, of the Eighth-avenue M. E.
Churcb, entertained Company F, of the
Howard-street M. E. Church, in San Fran
cisco. When the large company from San
Francisco had filed into D's armory the
armory was filled to overflowing.
The companies lined up, facing each
other, and after a short address of wel
come by Captain L. N. Cobbledick, Dr.
Carroll and Dr. Gibson of San Francisco
made short addresses. After a short pro
gramme there followed two tugs-of-war,
which resulted in Company D winning
each by a small margin. .
The officers of the two companies then
tried their hands at it nnd this time, after
a hard pull 'of five minutes, it was decided
a tie.
-■ Tbe officers of Company F were. Captain
Pringlp, Lieutenant *H. ' Diamond and
Major Barney, and the officers of Com
pany D were -Captain L. tf. Cobbledick,
Lieutenant M. D. Bird and Lieutenant
0. G. Heaton.
The friends of the boys and the com
panies then repaired to the banquet
rooms and were served with pork and
beans, coffee, brown bread and hardtack.
The following officers were present: '
Captain Pri ngle, Lieutenant H. Dimond,
Major Barney, President C. J. Smith, Dr. XV. F.
Gibson, Lieutenant Woodbury, Dr. S. J. Carroll
and wile. Lieutenant O. G. Heaton and wife,
Captain H. F. Hobson and wife, Captain L. N.
Cobbiedick, Lieutenant M. D. Bird.
PREPARING FOR DEBATE.
Berkeley Orators Reading Up
On French Educa
tion.
They Will Not Know Until the Night
of Meeting Which Side They
Will Support.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 7.— The three
embryo .orators who will uphold the blue
and gold in the contest with Stanford for
the Carriot medal next Friday evening at
Palo Alto are whetting their wits, replen
ishing their vocabularies, burnishing their
A- o\> £ft STREET
logic and rounding out their arguments in
preparation (or their -battle ot words.
These three men are Harry Overstreet, '98,
a student in the college o! letters; Charles
E. Fryer, '99, who is taking a course in
the social sciences, and A. C. Marks of the
law college , in San Francisco. " The ques-
tion which they will discuss is whether
the present centralized system of educa-
tion in France is conducive to the best in-
terests of that Republic.' _ .' ' 1 '"■"-' ' A
A. feature of the contest will be that the
speakers " who 'are to ■ participate— three
from Berkeley and three 'from Stanford-
will not know until a few hours* before
they mount the platform - what side of the
case they are 'to speak on. The sides
which the young collegians are to uphold
are asd-.-ned by lot, so that it is possible to
have both Palo Alto men and Berkeley
speakers talking on the same aspect of the
subject. '*"-'" ... •*-* '-■—*-'-—.' -«--•—.-- «.. ■
Much interest is manifested in the out-
come of the contest, as the "medal went to
Berkeley "last-year,- as did also the honors
ot thi intercollegiate. Though Stanford
defeated rkeley on the gridiron in the
last meet the wearers of the blue and gold
hold the honors of 'logomachy. :i *** * .*, _:-.
The three speakers from Berkeley have
bad more or less forensic experience.
Overstreet, while in the High School, won
much honor as a debater; Fryer was a
substitute in the last Carnot, having
worked his way through the preliminaries
and finals, and' Maries has gained a repu
tation as a rising orator. '
Each year the contest alternates. Last
year it was held in Berkeley, while this
season it will take place at Palo Alto. An
excursion of Berkeley students will be run
down on the afternoon of the debate.
» Death of Sirs. Hyde.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 6.— Mrs. Mary
Hyde, mother of ' Mrs. Florj^ce H. Chick
of Durant avenue, died thSmorning at
the residence of ber daughter.' Mrs. Hyde
was in her seventy-sixth year, a native of
Ohio and had recently come to Berkeley
from Seattle. She came to the Pacific
Coast in the days of the gold fever. The
funeral services will take place from the
family residence next Tuesday morning
nt 10 o'clock.
I.nid to Hest.
BERKELEY, Cal_, Feb."^.— The funeral
ol M. G. Upton tbok place to-day from the
family residence on Durant avenue. ft
was strictly private, only the members of
the family'befng present. Rev. George E.
Swan of St. Mark's Episcopal Church
officiated. The. remains were interred in
Mountain View Cemetery.
Ambitions ited Men.
OAKLAND,' Cal., Feb! 7.— The Red Men
of Elnihurst are about to form among the
member.-, an association, the object of
which will be to erect a handsome busi
ness block and hall. Dudley Kinsell, who
is the attorney of the association, is draw
ing tip the articles of incorporation. The
building is to cost $4000 and $2000 ot the
amount is already subscribed. The Red
Men "number about seventy members in
this vicinity and is the banner fraternal
organization of Eimhurst.
INFANTRY REGULATIONS.
Those Prepared by General
Ruger Have to Be Still
Further Revised.
What the Proposed Reorganization cf
the United States Army Means.
Big Gun Test To-Day.
If the weather is fine to-day the test of
the big ten-inch guns, which had been
announced for last Wednesday, will take
place, commencing at about 10 o'clock in
the forenoon and continuing until about
3 in the afternoon.
Fir%t Lieutenant Louis P. Brant is to be
promoted to a captaincy, vice Captain
Barry, promoted to major in the adjutant
general's department. Lieutenant Brant
entered the military academy from Ohio,
July 1, 1869. He became second lieutenant
of the Twenty-first Infantry June 13, 1873,
was transferred with the same rank to the
First Infantry August 7, 1879/ and was
promoted first lieutenant of the first in
fantry February 20, 1884. ~^ :: . '
First Lieutenant Robert H. Noble, First
Infantry, was relieved from duty at the
Benicia barracks last week and reported
to the regimental commander at the Pre
sidio for temporary duty and with a view
to his appointment as regimental adjutant.
First Lieutenant Richard E. Lacey, First
Infantry, was detailed as judge advocate
of the general court-martial, vice Lien
tenant Noble, relieved.
Colonel Moore has entered upon the
discharge of his duties as chief quarter
master and depot quartermaster at San
Francisco. On last Tuesday he visited
Fort Mason and Angel Island. * ..** W
• Major E. - S. Godfrey of the beventh
; Cavairy is visiting this City and is at the
' Occidental. --,__-.
A very elaborate schedule of athletic
sports for the' men at the posts is being
prepared and from, this a selection will be
maue each ; month. The next held day is
announced for Friday, the 19th inst., at
the Presidio. " ■ ; '""r
For some time the officers of the De
partment of California have been expect
ing the new infantry drill regulations,
but it appears that they are not yet ready
to be sent to the printer. A Washington
paper says word has been received at the
War Department that General Ruger has
decided that it is advisable to further re
vise some 'details of the battle, or open
order, formations. The' communication
from Governor's Island stated that, all
other parts the revision were ready for
the printer, and that these could be J sent
to the War Department at once. General
Ruger asked to be informed whether he
should forward to Washington such parts
of the regulations as were 'completed:
Just what details of the' open-order
formations General Ruger wishes to go
over are not known at the War Depart
ment. Nor is the department advised *' as
to how long it' will be before this work
is completed. Secretary Lamont has in
formed General Ruger" that as it is his
purpose to submit the infantry drill regu
lations to the commanding general of the
army when they are received here, and as
it is preferable, all things considered, that
the entire system rather than sections of
it shonld be laid before General Miles, it
is desirable that the" revision in a com
plete state be forwarded here as soon as
possible. , • ■-■•- ■•--.-.
' Therefore, offic_rs must be prepared for
further delay. It is learned that General
Ruger is anxious that the revised regula
tions should reach the War Department at
an early date, and that he is giving zeal
ous attention to his important Tab'or;with
tnis end in view. But the general does
not intend to neglect thoroughness. ' The
labor Defore him difficult -arid serious,
and is periormin^ it with his accus
tomed regard for completeness arid accu
racy as to details, ; It now seein3 impossi
ble to predict with any certainty how soon
the regulations will be turned over to the
1 _ .... . . ;.;:-.;, . - . .
Public Printer. . Probably within thirty
days thereafter they wiU'be ready for issue
to the service:' " if/* '■': *-..* ".'"' '""
r The report on the bill to reorganize the
line of the army has been submitted to the
House at Washington. The following
•shows the proposed reorganization and the
effect upon the annual expense:'/ 5 / .';": '■':)
For _ commissioned " officers — Increase —
Cavalry— change. Artillery 2 colonels
at $4500, $9000; 2 lieutenant, colonels at
$4000, $8000; '6 majors at $3500, $21,000; "4
captains at $2800, $11,200; 11 captains at
$2500,' $50,400; '19 second lieutenants at
$1400,- 26,600; ; total artillery. $120,200."" In-
lantry— majors at $3500, $175,000; '50
captains nt $2500, $126000; 50 hr=t lieuten-
ants .at $1800, $00,000; 50 second lieuten-
ants at $1400,' $70,000; total Infantry, $461,-
-000. Total all arms, $537,200; total* de-
| Auction dales
■ l_Ml_.t A.CTI.I CMNIT.
1057 MARKET STKKET, OPP. JONKS.
"/' * THIS DA.. ( 3.ONDAY).
The Sth day of February. 1897, at 11 o'clock a.m..
! 310 Tehama St., bet. Fourth a .d Fifth,
I We will sell by order of The colors of the e_tato
of MB.. DRISCOLL, deceated, all lhe fur.iitnre,
carpets, bedding, pictures, lace curtains, line Win-
throp range (with top oven), kitchen uiensl'S, eve.,
contained in the above 12-room house. " "■■• v ":
INDIANA AUCTION t'OAIP _KY,
•--•'■" ' 11. .1. I.enrholls.. Auctioneer
crease, $58,320; net increase, $523,880;
forage for mounted officers' horses, 2
regiments artillery, 44 horses, at $100,
$4400; forage, etc.. for 200 horses for new
batteries at $100. $20,000; total for enlisted
men, $1,216,793; grand total additional,
$1,770,073. -
Decrease Cavalry: No c ange. Artil
lery: first lieutenants at $1920, $11,520;
26 first lieutenants at $1800, $4G,SOOr total
artillery, $58,320. ?
For enlisted men — increase— Cavalry : 20
first sergeants at $300, $6000; 100 sereeants
at $316, $1,600; 80 corporals ot $180, $4,400;
40 musicians at $156, $6240; 60 farriers and
j saddlers at $180, $10,800; total cavalry,
$59,040. Artillery: 10 regimental non
commissioned officers, $2064; 24 fir.it ser
geants at $300, $7200; 244 sergeants at $216.
$52,700; 152 cor|_irals lit -$180, $27,360; 48
musicians at Jl5B, $7488; 42 farriers iiq.l
saddler*, tit $180," IJ9lGO;** 710 'private.' at
$lc6, $110,76'!;' total artillery,' » s2l6 732.
-niun ry— lOO first' sergeants a r $:*.•_.
$30,000; 400 sergeants at *21<;. $86,403; '400
< .■morals at $180. $72,000; '-.DO musician at
, $lcß, 200*; 2700 privates; /it $156, 5421,200;
: 44 privates. >i:ilT, at $156,'56__4; total in
! lairtty, 6 _7,G'._. Tot..! alt arms, $923,436;
; toil ■ decrease, $18..,280; net,'- increase,
$738,156: clnthlm. for 41:94 enlisted men
at -${6 67,' $200,386; subsistence for 4_. _
enlisted men at $64 80, $278,251; total, en
listed men, $1,216,793.
Decrease: , Cavalrv — 100 wagoners at
$168. $16,800; 200 privates at $156, $31,200;
total cavalry, $48,000. Artillery p.O
artificers nt $180, $21,600; 60 oner.- at
$163, $10,080; total artillery, $31,630. In
fantry—4oo artificers at $180, $72,000; 200
wagoners at $165, $33,600; total infantry,
$105,600; total decrease, $185,280.
_ "'. _, m, — .
"THE TEN VIRGINS."
The Illustrated Parables at the . First
Christian Church Crowds tho
Large Edifice.
Rev. Dr. F. S. Ford of the First Chris
tian Church may congratulate himself on
the result of the novel entertainment
given by the young ladies of the Sunday
school last evening. The large edifice on
Twelfth street was simply packed, many
people being turned away. -
'■ The entertainment, as announced in
The Call,' represented _ an illustration
of the parable of the "Wise and Foolish
Virgins." It was a success in every way.
The young ladies did exceptionally well,
the music was good and the sermon that
i followed was interesting and appropriate.
The following young' ladies took part:
Miss Jessie Zilier, Miss Gillou Jagger, Miss
Leah Greenwood. Miss Irene Spencer)
Miss Anna Bahr, Miss Clarissa Norton,
Miss Nellie Norton, Miss Gnssie Stoltz,
Miss Priscilla David and Miss Lila Graff.
''"".— — • » '» ; - : "
SOCIETY ENTERTAINERS.
The Olympic Club Has -Engaged the
Webling Sisters to Appear in
foils ' City. ''
The Olympic Club has made an engage
ment with the Webling Sisters 'to appear
at a club entertainment on March 2. This
will be their _ first appearance in this
' City, but the Weblings are well known in
British Columbia.
* When they were mere ' children the sis
ters achieved popularity in London as so
i ciety entertainers and hostesses vied with
one another in securing the' little Wub
lings as one of the attractions of "at
homes." The young "women gives ketches,
recitations," scenes from plays, dances, etc.,
and in the course of an evening's enter-
I tainment' the whole family of Webling
j sisters sometimes wear as many as twenty
j two different costume . 1 '" il : - ■ -;
RACING AT OAKLAND TO-DAY.
Seven Well-Filled Events wn on the
" Card for Decision.
The feature of the racing card to-day at
Oakland will be the Ban Leandro selling
stake. The card comprises seven events,
and no doubt the usual crowd of regulars
will cross the bay.
Following are the entries:
First race, one mile, selling. , ■
41.4 Trix ....... .111 467' Examiner 11l
457 Don Clareucio. 98 505 Pecksniff.... 114
806 8a5qn11.. ....... 98 450 Phillip H 95
484 Draught 98 476 Jack _tlchel|eu. ll4
Second race, five and a half furlongs, purse.
414 Cadenza 1121 (464) Marionette 112
41.5 -.lgarloot ...... 10.li 496 I almers-On 117
464 Juan Bernard.. 1181 501 Two Cheers ....118
479 15ab.11e.. ...... 112 479 Billy __.yer__....U9
411. MU Koy 118| .-.-
Third race, one mile, match race.
507 Arrez*. ;..:.. 1101(420) OsncIL 110
"- ■ . ■■■ (Good track only.) fl - '
Fonrth race, one and a sixteenth miles, purse.
272 Jay Wheeler/.. 951 490 David/...'.... 107
336 T0r5ina... ...... lU2 i (435) Yankee Doodle.lo7
435 Flash... 1051 497 Salisbury 11... .107
Fifth race, seven and a half furlongs, San Lean
dro selling stakes. :'- -; - - : '>-..;• . --.. x ;»
(su4)Estn<._-..Y.......104 447 California 107
2KB Strathrneath....ll6 1 ...: Los Cerrlllos... 92
___ Kosefcud... 107 482 Bernardino.;... 94
(438) Scarf fin 101 (608) Babe Murphy.. 7
.493 Mi_s Ruth 107 509 Lucky Dog.. -...119
469 =-iy....- 99 1 • .»'?.; ■■■•
Hxlh race, five and a balf furlongs, Hurricane
purse.- 1 '-'-. :.'■'-.' '.- ..:.,• •••-■ 1• . - ■» ■*■
......Elaine 101 (118) Tea Rose. 101
-469 Ca5nar........ 106 H45 Toano .-...;...;. 118
468 The Sinner.. 103, 503 Yemen .........118
416 Quicksilver. ...I_.l| ..'.:■
Seventh race, six furlongs, purse.
(485)Donble Quick. .ll9 385 Candor. 117
.496 : J0an..._._._.._.114 485 Skalkaho. .109
496 Zooleln 112 499 Applause..;;.. 107
281 Mollie A....... 117 402 Imp. Ivy 117
387 Jeromes .....IS2 477 Gntta Percha ..117
5U3 Moylan .119 ..
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
First race—Don Clarencio, Bosquil,
Philip H.
Second race— Two Cheers, Sugarfoot,
Isabelle. "; / : * : ' *
Third race— Osric 11.
. Fourth* Yankee Doodle, Torsina,
David.
Fifth race— Pin, California, Sly.
Sixth race— Tea Rose, Caspar, The Sin
ner. ..'-..' "'",-' 'v.
Seven th race — Applause, Moylan
Double-Quick.- ', Vi '*'■ ' i
'.■■;'•'■'*? v -— —m .
?V"*?as?-s?eetihg^ro-Ni.ijht.
A mass-meeting will be held to-night under
the auspices" of the San Francisco Trades and
Labor Alliance at the Temple.* 117 Turk street,
for the purpose of 'aiding by public sentiment
the bills now pjiidiu-; before the Legislature
in favor oi bnisehou-e sanitation and the regu
lation of the number "of hours per day to be
favored by journeymen bakers, v
' '■ . _ '_ _- — ~m- ' *_. ] _.
It is estimated that about 250.000,000
bricks are used monthly in Great : Britain.
*^ — — m m g
• •■- ••■■--- -.- . . '.:,,, n . .-.. ., - .*.... J . '...^i.. . . — T
he most certain and safe Pain Remedy. Instantly
relieves and soon cures all Colds, Hoarseness, Sort
Throat, Bronchitis, Congestions and lnilai_____-
tion* i &0c per bottle. •. bold by Druggist* *- . ••„.»
•^"V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
m .i_T»im 625k_AK_T ST. Established
■nTr^^ft in 1554 for tlio treatment of Private
fiSL*__tk'«S§i "Wsensrs, Lost Manhood. Debility or
*\\\m\ B| disease wearinsronbodyandmlndand
*-_____H^S__l * kin Diseases, ."be doctoreures when
' _________M others fall.' -Try 'him.- Charges low.
i_____Bii-__<'uie»tiinrunlo'-d. Callorwrite
Sr.J.r.uIBBOK. Box 1957. San Eraaclac*
910
REAL ESTATE
MARKET REVIEW
Copious Rains of the Week
Interfere With Busi
ness.
Volume of Trade in This City
as Compared With Business
in the East.
A Few Important Sa cs of Downtown
Property Reported Daring
the Week
The copious rains during the past week in
terfered considerably with the real estate
business. The volume of trade in TEls branch
of business, as well as in all other lines, had
for the time being been very much circum
scribed, yet Jew find fault, the people know
ing that the wealth and prosperity of the
community depend in a very great degree
upon a heavy rainfall at this season of the
year.
The pluvial dispensation has brought joy to
the hearts of the agriculturists and added
vastly to the prospective wealth of the State,
giving as it does assurance of abundant crops
of grain and large returns from the fruit dis- ]
tricts.
Confidence in real estate as security is un
shaken. Strong faith in land is a pronounced
ieaiure of the situation. Buyers may not be
particularly numerous at the moment, but
sellers from choice are equally few in number.
The market is well cleaned up of compulsory
offerings and this fact helps much to sustain
lne rather firm toue that prevails among the
holding interest.
Business men generally incline to the belief
that trade arteries will soon show increased
activity, when real estate matters will un
doubtedly come in for lull share of any
quicker movement that may develop as the
spring season approaches.
The following, showing the condition of the
real estate market in San Francisco, as com
pared with the Eastern cities, is taken from
Thomas Magee's circular:
"Dull as real estate has been here, and
scarce as money has been, the one has not
here been nearly as dull, nor the other as scarce
as They have been in Eastern cities. Evenin
New York and Chicago this has been true,
while it has been muc i more true generally of
all the other Atlantic cities, t * * In ordi
nary cities of the East real estate was so
boomed and loaded with debt that it oan now
hardly be given away. The worst examples of
this state of things are probably St. P.-tui, Min
neapolis and Denver. Of all the cities of the
United States San Francisco was least boomed
and least mortgaged, and has, in proportion to
its population, most money on hand. There
was plenty of booming and the robbery at
tendant upon it between 1887 and 1891, but
this skyrocketing was nearly all done in out
side properties of comparatively small totai
value, and was perpetrate d •>.* on small buy
er.-.''
During the past week 'he property on the
east line of Powell atreet, 85 feet south of
Geary, having a frontage oi 5:2:6 feet by 77:6
in depth, was sold for $50,000 to M. a. D.*rn.
The four-story frame buiidi%ig at present on
tha land will be altered ana stores will- be
built on the ground floor.
Another piece of property in the same block
and on the same side oi the street, 102:6 ieet
north of O'Farrell, with a frontage of 37:6
feet and a depth of 137:6. has been sold to
Emily M. Chabot for $37,500. The improve
ments on th* land consist of a three-story
building, which will be raised and a brick
story added below, which will be used lor
business purposes.
The property at the northeast corner of
Fourth and Minna streets has changed owners
for the sum of $52,000. The lot is 50x70 feet,
with improvements thereon consisting of a
three-story brick building renting for $375
per month. The seller is Mrs. H. Hampton
and the purchaser J. Calegaris.
Mrs. Phebe Hearst has purchased from the
Crooks estate a lot 20x80 feet on the
northwest side of Stevenson street, east of
Third, for the sum of $20,000. This «trip will
give a rear entrance to the Nucleus building,
which is being reconstructed.
The 17:6x70 feet, with improvements, on
the east side of Stockton street, 58:6 feet north
'of Geary, ha,s been purchased by G. Witteli
from the estate of J. H. Madison for the sum
of $17,000.
REVIEW OF THE RECORDS.
There were ninety-eight deeds recorded dur
ing the past week.
The mortgages numbered eighty-two, and
were for a total of $193,000. Among them
were the following: By the French Bank to
Jane Martel, $13,500 for two years at 6% per
cent per annum, on property on the norm line
of Ellis street, 197 feet west of Jones, 38x120
fee-rand east line of Kearny. 91:3 feet south
of Clay, 31 :3x22:1l feet; by the Mutual Bank
to George H. and Susan M. Richard, $12,000
for one year at 7 per cent on property at the
northeast corner of Twentieth and Capp
streets, 60x100 feet; by the same to Jennie
and George E. Sex ton, $4000 for one year at 7
per cent, on property on the west line of Fair
Oaks, 122 northof Twenty-second, 61x117:6;
by the Mutual Savings Bank to Louis Bazet,
$10,000 for one year at 7 per cent, on prop
erty on the north line of Geary street, 80 feet
west of Larkin, west 30 by north 80; by the
Hibernia Bank to Theresa, Aggie S., Charles
H. and Frederick H. Zacharip.s, $10,000 for
on« year at 6% per cent, on property on the
south lineoi Suiter street, 87:6 east ol Hyde,
east 25 by south 137:6; by the same to Isa
be;le Levy, $15,000 lor one year at 6% per
cent, on property on the west line of Aluson
street, 40 north of Geary, north 20 by west
57:6. on the south line of Suiter, 62:6 east of
Leavenworth, east 25 by soutn 87:6, and on
the not th west corner of Howard and Erie,
north 27:6, west 87:8%, south 50:7%. east
88:1 J_; by the Columbus Savings and Loan
Socie. y to Henry E., Frances E.. Winilred T.,
Eugenia J., Agnes E. and Angela Morrison,
$10,000 lor one year at 7 per cent, on prop
erty on the southwest corner of Sacramento
and Dupont, west 34:4*..; by south 68:9: by
Nathan Dusenberg to Marcus Hart, $6250 for
four years at 6% per cent, on property on the
north line of Caiiiornia. 156:3 east of Scott
east 25 by north 132:7.^; by the Hibernia
Bank to the vestry of St. John's Church and
parish, $18,000 for one year at 6% per cent, on
property on the southwest corner of Fifteenth
street and Julian avenue, west 100 by south
147:9.
The releases numbered fifty-one, represent
ing the payment of $159,397. The following
were the principal one--: From the Hibernia
Bank to Julien Smith, $6000 on property on
the southeast line oi Stevenson street, 315
feet southwest of Third. 70x40 feet; by the
German Bank to Hattie S. Stone, $2000 on
property on the north line of Page street, 281:3
feet west of Scott, west 25x137:6 feet.
The releases were fifty-four i:_ number and
represented the payment of $166,825. From
the Humboldt Bank to M.J. and Hannah Kern
$10 000 on property on the south line of Page
street, 125 west of Webster, west 25 by south
137:6, and $3000, on the south line of Grove
street. 169 east of Webster, east 25 by
south 120; from the National Home and
Loan Association to Lena and Hannah Mark,
$6000 on property on the south line of Eddy
street, 200 west of Laguna, west 25 by south
137:6; irom Anna and P. H. Kenny and Get
tie Plate to William and Teresa 'Romberg,
$16,000 on property on the northwest corner
of Suiter and Scott streets, west 37:6 by north
100; from ibe Hibernia Bank to Harriet XV
and Harry W. Meek, $8000 on property on the
northwest line ot Mission street", northwest
20, northeast 56, northwest 96, northeast 56
southeast 20:96, southwest 112.
The Western Addition Improvement Club
has petitioned the Supervisors to grade and
sewer St. Joseph avenue, between Geary and
Turk streets.
There will be a bill introduced in the Legis
lature this week which, if granted, -will give
the Supervisors the right to obtain land, by
purchase or condemnation proceedings, if
. necessary, for the purpose of extending,
widening, straightening or altering any pub
lic street or highway not to exceed 500 feet.
A committee composed of members of the
Five-mile Improvement Club for the purpose
of circulating a petition to have tbe pound
limits extended have received many signa
tures. The petition will be presented to the
Supervisors. The real estate agents of this
City have taken an active part in this move
ment, and the petition will include the names
of all the leading firms in the business.
The request to be made in this direction by
the reslaents of the southwest Mission dis
trict will no doubt be granted by the Super
visors, aa it has received the support of many
prominent citizens and property-owners.
Members of the Richmond District Improve
ment Club are anxious to 'have Point Lobos
avenue taken out of the control of the Park
Commissioners and the authority vested in
the Board of Supervisors.
G. H. Dmbsen & Co. have been appointed
the Northern California agents for tha Hemet
Land Company, comprising about 7000 acres
of property in San Jacinto valley, Riverside
county, a portion of which is nlghly im
proved.
The residents of Lakeview are anxious to
have their district better lighted and to have
the Spring Valley Water Company lay its
mains throughout that section, as they are at
present without any water supply.
In the matter of securing .some system for
the better lighting of their territory the Lake
view Improvement Club have appointed a
committee to wait upon the Supervisors and
request that seven electric lights be placed in
tbe district.
The residents of Richmond district are op
posing the granting of any further extension
of time to the^jntractors for the paving of
California strait between Central and Fif
teenth avenue*
A referee's sale of the estate of Mary B. Pease
will be held on the 24th iust. at the oflice of
Madison & Burke. There will be offered
three lots, with the improvements thereon—
on the northwest line of Brannan, 64 feet
northeast of Third; on the nortu comer of
Center place and South Park avenue, and on
the southeast side of Park avenue, 45:3 north
east of Third street.
There is to be a new driveway on the south
of the park, commencing in the vicinity of
Seventh avenue And H street, connecting with
the boulevard in the park, and wending its
way southward to Trocadero and on to the
county line. The new driveway will be 100
feet wide. It comprises land donated by
Adolph Sutro and the Spring Valley Water
Works Company to the City.
Ejectment proceedings for the removal of
two squatters who for some time past have
blocked Brady stieet are to be commenced by
the Supervisors.
A petition is to be filed with the Supervisors
for the sewering, grading and macadamizing
of Lower Terrace from the intersections there
with of S_rp.nt.-_* Place.
A committee from the Mission Five-mile Im
provement club is to call upon the property
owners on Mission street from Silver to Court
land avenue lor the purpose of requesting the
owners of that thoroughfare to have properly
repaved.
O. F. Yon Rein <J_ Co. will hold an auction
on the __.-_* Hi of this month. The principal
offering at the sale will be the estate of
Charles D. Root.
Sol Getz <__ Brother report the following sales
during the past week— Lot 25x120 on east line
of Eighteenth avenue, 275 f«;et north of X
street, for $30O; lot 50x120 feet on west line
of Thirty-fifth avenue, 150 ieet south of I
street, for $400; lot 25x120 feet on east line of
Nineteenth avenue, 200 ieet north of Clement
street, for $500; lot 25x100 feet on south line
of X street. 32:6 west of Ninth avenue, lor
$600; lot 25x120 feet on west line of Seventh
avenue, 125 feet north of X street, for $1000;
lot 25x120 feet 0:1 southeast line of Athens
street, 25 feet northeast ot China avenue, lor
$150.
The Clarendon Heights Improvement Club
is to petitiou the Supervisors for eigut electric
lights, at the following points: At the corner
of Moss and Ca>elli avenues. Eighteenth and
Ashbury, Sixteenth and Upper Terrace, Saturn
street and Serpentine place, Eighteenth and
Stanyan, Corbett avenue, between Mars and
Moss avenues; Eagle and Falcon, Lower Ter
race and Pluto.
The Mission Five-mile Improvement Club la 1
to petition the Supervisors to establish grades
along the line ot streets in the Excelsior
Homestead and the Academy Tract, where the
grades have not yet ueen agreed upon.
Sh.-timvald, Bockbee A Co. report the snle of
2000 acres 01 land in Glenn County for$20,000; |
thirty-seven lots in the western part ol the 1
city of San Jose for $14,000, und a residence
in San Rafael. • . • : ".
Charles J. Campbell A Co. will dispose of at
auction on the 23d inst. a large line of mis
cellaneous parcels of City property.
A committee from the Clarendon Heights
Improvement Club is at present ascertaining
the lowest price for which Seventeenth street
can be cut through Mount Olympus from
Uranus to Ashbury.
THE HANDBALL COURTS.
T. F. Bonnet and E. Maloney Defeat
J. C. Noil on aud M.
Dillon.
The San Francisco Handball Court was
crowded yesterday and several exciting
games were played. The chief event was
a game in which T. F. Bonnet and E. Ma
loney played against J. C. Nealon and M.
Dillon. Bonnet and Maloney proved too
strong for their opponerAs and won in
three straight games. \/.
Another interesting game was clayed
between the old-time rivals, M. McNeil
and G. M. McDonald and Phil Ryan and
Dan Rodgers. lt was hotly contested
: from start to finish and was won by Mc-
Neil and McDonald.
Next Sunday afteroon a match that will
draw a big crowd to the San Francisco
court lias been arranged. Jim Corbett, t c
champion pugilist of the world, and T. F.
Bonnet will play against J. C. Nealon and
M. J. Kilpallon.' Corbett is an expert hand
ball player, and whiie he was training for
the glove contest with Sharkey lie D'ayed
a number of times with Nealon, honors
being about even.
The Union court has again changed
hands and J. G. Ersin is now tne man
ager. He will endeavor to make certain
improvements to attract players to the
court, which has lor weeks been practi
cally deserted.
Following were the names played in the
San Francisco court yesterday :
R. Downs and J. Foley defeated E. Barry and
Robert Hauseman, 21—12, 19—21, 21—10.
M. McClure and E. Curiey defeated J. Collins
and Charles Carson, 21—16, 10—21, 21—9. M.
Bash and J. Hogan defeated H. Sullivan and
C. Cullen, 21-6. 17-21, 21—13. P. Tobin and
J. McCarthy defeated D. O'Brien and
J. Kenny, 21—18, 10-21, 21—15. M. Mc-
Neil and J. McDonald defeated P. Rvan
and D. Rodgers, 21—12, 16—21, 9—21, 21—14,
21—13. J. Harlow and J. Slatterv defeated Al
Pcunoyer and G. Hutch. 21—19, 16—21,
21—10. J. Lawless and D. Connolly deieaied
J. Shirley and C. Sweeney, 21—8, 16—21,
21—13. R. Murpby and J. Collins defeated P.
Kelly and E. Toy, 21—11, 10—21, —17
18—21, — 15. T. F. Bonnet and E. Maloney
deieated J. C. Nealon and M. Dillon. 21— 16
21—10, 21—14.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Oall-.
710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
•16 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Slxteenin and Mission streets, open
until 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth street, open until 9:80 o'clock.
1806 Polk street: open until 8-.80.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
»^ss= GOLDEN GATE COMMANDERY. ♦ ".
**=-*' No. 16, K. T., Oolden Gate bu!lrt|iig.' , ij™P
625 Sutter st.—^peclhl assembly THI-* nfi
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. The Order of W
the Temple will be conferred. All fraters
are courteously Invited.
CHAItLE:. H. MUPPHY.
Eminent Commander.
William T. Fonda. Recor-.er.
»___3p KING SOLOMON'S LODGE NO. m
***** 260. F. and A. M., corner Geary »nd A
i-flnpr streets — Call d meeting TlllsVy
(Monday) K.NINO at 7:80 o'cock.
Third Deobek. By order of the Master.
MARRY BAEHR. secretary.
»^g» OCCIDENTA I. LODGE NO. 22. F. ja
*** ' and A. M. Called meeting THIS A\
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock, first degree, VY
By order W. M. /V>
EDW. F. DELGEP., Secy.
KS» SAX FRANCISCO CHAPTER m.
m*** . No. 1, Royal Arch Masons, meets i\
THUS EVENING. K. A. degree. "KZf
• ■ H. G. PRINCE. secretary.' /V^
Bt^S=» A SPECIAL MEETING OF THE MEM-
****** bers of the Bishop .rm stave church Or-
phanage will be held at the office of these- retar.-,
530 California St., room 38. on 1 eoruary 23. 1897,
at 12 it., for the purpu.e of revising or amenJlug
the by-laws of said corporation or adopting new
by-laws and for the election of ruslees for the ea-
sulng year; also for the transaction of such other
business as may come before the meeting.
L WADIIAM. Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES. .
•r_-S= DR. BAZi T REMOVED FROM PRE-
*****' lan building to 908 Geary st.: fl. East 367.
9ZS' BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR M:
****** collections made: city or country. Purine
Collection Ca. 416 Montgy st., room 6: lei. _i!>80.
SITUATIONS WASTED-FEMALK.
/-I ERMAN SECOND OIRL DESIRES SITUa-
VJ Hon. 3. F. CROSETT* Co., 316 Suiter sc.
YOCNG GERMAN WOMAN FROM THE
I- ast with Utile girl 8 years o.d would like
place in a lodging-house or cook for a few men
Call 81.3 Sutter at., MI--8 CUi_LEN.
NEAT YOUNG GIRL DESIRES SITUATION
X . at housework or nurse. 10 to »15; references.
MISS CI'LLEN. 323 Sutter st.
LADY WISHES POSITION AS HOlSK-
keeper, or will do plain sewing and mending at
home, ta i after li. m. or evening, 821 Mission
Mm room 6.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1597.
SITUATIONS WAT.TED-Conttane_l.
GEKMAN EMPLOYMENT OPFICE, 306
* 1 Mason st., tei. main 5332, furnishes best help;
all nationalities.
: '.
COMPETENT ENGLISH COOK, LATELY
' from the East, will bo to wore as working
bou-ekecper; Is a good butter-maker . and nice
laundress: ci y or country; country preferred.
1024 Howard St., room 20.
TirA N TED — POSITION AS WORKING
" housekeeper by an agreeable young woman;
widower's famil* preferred: wages $26. Call
from 10 to 4, 126 Fourth su. room 2.
ANTED—BY A « OMPETENT, EXPERI-
TT enced E.-.g ish person, be l room work, second
wor**; or any plate where a trustworthy person is
required. Apply 1015 McAllister st,
COMPETENT GIRL WISHES SITUATION
bx general housework; thoroughly under-
stands good plain cooking: sleep home. A. A., box
125. 615 Larkin St., branch office.
pIRL FOR GENERAL HOU- SWORE 117
U small family ; reference required. Apply 1832
Eddy si. ■*,-.:- ,' v <
VEAT YOUNG AMERICAN GIRL WISHES
_.. a situ-tlon to do gene-al homework; refer-
ence. Apply at 223 Minna st.
AN EXPERIENCED FR' NCH LADY AS
housekeeper; can also take full charge of chil-
dren. Call room 75, St. Ann'- Building,
LADIES' M \ID; CAN DO SEWING, HAIR-
I ' d res -ting and manicuring, wants a position. J.,
box 69, Call. '
1 IRST-CIASS SWEDISH GIRL DESIRES A
X 1 place to work by the day or month: ls good
cook and laundress. 1 Fifth St., room 32.
YOUNG GIRL WISHES TO DO HOCSK-
-L work or take care of children. Call at 227
Seventh st* ■ ■'.;' ',
YOUNG SWEDISH GIKL WISHES SITUA-
I tion to take care of chUdre.i or ass st in house-
work; 10 to 12. 721 Ell.s si.
RELIABLE WOMAN WANTS A POSITION
as cook; wages 920; thoroughly understands
business; well recommended. 12 .18 Mission st.
\ OI!NG GIKL WANTS HOUSEWORK;
I good cook best of references. MRS. HAR-
OLD'S, 515 Eighth St., Oakl. nd.
GERMAN COOK 'DESIRES A SITUATION
for cooking ml iiowusi»lrs work ln private
family. X.. box 79, Call Office.
YOUNG LADY WISHES SITUATION IN
-L bote: as cook or waitress: city or country.
Call or address 711 tolsom St., room 2.
GIRL OF 17 WANTS A ITUATION TO AS-
VJT sist in bousewo k. 717 Polk s .
SWEDISH GIRL WANTS situ., TION to do
general housework. Call 414 Tenth su
/ OMPETENT won \n would LIKE SITU-
V at ion; general housework; best references.
2 6 i> 6 Vis Sutter si.
WEDISH OIRL WANTS SITUATION FOR
SWEDISH GIRL WANTS SITUATION F<»R
general housework In private lamlly. Call
1715 Howard su
young WOMAN wants uouskclean-
X Ing for Saturday afternoon. E. EL, box 75, Call.
SWEDISH WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE
day; Is a good laundress. Address B. H-, box
12. call Office.
AGOING GiRL WOULD LIKE POSITION IN
1 any kind of office understands suorthand,
typewriting and bookkeeping; $3 per week. Ad-
dress Z. L., box 12, Call Office.
17.1R..T-CLASS DRESSMAKER FROM NEW
. York wishes a few families 10 sew for; $2 per
d;iy ; best of reierencf Address M. A., 915 Polk.
YOUNG <;RL WOULD LIKE A POSITION ;
J. to as .st ln gen ral housework: wages $15. i
Please address MISS .-.'iANLEY, »79 Twenty-
second, near Market s .. Oakland, Cal.
1 .RE(-SMAKEK — FIRST-CLASS CCTTER
1' and filter will go out by the day; refeiences:
city. OaKland and Berkeley. 13 JO Mission at. ■
POSITION AS HOUSEKEEPER IN HOTEL
or lodging-bouse or widower's family: city or
country; Al housekeeper, aso fine Ciok; refer-
ence. M. s , box 137. tai Office.;
HOUSEWORK WAN DBY MIDDLE-AGED
woman who is a good cook; good re. erences.
206 Fifth St.. near Howard.
V*ABIiiONABL DRESSMAKER, PERFECT
P cutter and litter, will c.a*.i- a Cress i. one day
•rom $3 up, or wi<; go out working al S-2 a day.
1015 McAllister st.
C .OOK— GERMAN WOMAN WISHES STEADY
V slliKtion la first-class oo.irdln.;-__ou__» or lunch-
bouse: bett references given. 90 Shipley st., cor-
ner lourth.
SITUATION WANTED BY A GF.RMAN
woman as cook or xeneral housework by the
day. AU dress MRS. P., 114 Eddy ac.
A-OCNG LADY WAN IS PLAIN SEW TO
J. do at home, chilaren's sewing a specialty. Call
at 1140 Shotwell si., near Twenty
OMPETENT YOUNG SWEDISH GIRL
/ lanes second work or place as chambermaid;
good seamstress; wages 920. Call IoOH Bush at.,
san Francisco.
EDUCATED YOUNG WOMAN WISHES Posi-
tion as maid and seamstress; bestc f references
given. Can or address Miss KENNuN, 1&31 Pol*.
GIRLS WISH POSITIONS. ONE AS COOK,
-- .he other as waitress or upstairs work.
Situation wanted by middle-aged
woman; understands milking and maki:<g j
butier; used to ranch life for 20 years; good house-
keeper; references. 740 Mission st.
GERMAN LADY. GOOD SEAMST- Ess. DE.
VT sires few more places for p ain sewing or
mending in bole or private families; 60 cents per
day. Address L. 8., oox 164. c all.
V OUNG AN!) ATTRACTIVE LADY OF
I many accomp'lshments desires a position as
managing housekeei er in widower's or bachelor's
home. 223 Post St., room 2.
C.OMPKTENT WOMAN DESIRES Position
/ as working housekeeper in widower's or bach-
elor's home; wages *i>2o 211 Fourth St., room 51.
i ADY WISHES a PO.ITION AS HOUSE-
sAi keeper: references. 917 Market su, room 14.
EXPERIENCED HOI EKKI. PER (WIDOW)
wauls work In widower's or bachelor's house-
hold: country preferred. I 88 .Ninth si., room 17;
hours. 1 1 a. m. to 9 P. m.
EXPERIENCED DAY OK NIGHT NURSE;
J-' M per week: best or references: confinement
and oilier sickness taken home; private. Call 719
lister su ,•-•_.". v :
YOUNG WIDOW WISHES POSITION AS
A hous. k-epm or do plain gentleman sewing.
106 Fourth st., room 2.
1 ADY OF EXPERIENCE DESIRES A ______
-"U tion as housekeeper in lodging-house or wid-
ower's home. Room 3, 995 Market st.
■7 1 O LARKIN-BRANCH OFFICK OF THK
* A<J CALL; subscriptions an 1 want ads taken.
YOUNG EASTERN WIDOW OF R. FINE-
J. men: ana culture desires .*. position as manag-
ing Housekeeper In widower's or bachelor's house.
Room 2, 122 Post bu
Tin DOW DESIRES POSITION AS HOI'SE-
»» kteper; does not object to 2 children. Ad-
dress 1.. C. V., Peralta Heights, corner Lester and
Hanover ayes, East Oakland.
SUBSCRIPTIONS AND WANT ADS FOR THE
Call taken at branch office, 339 Hayes au;
open unm 9 :3 J o'clock.
WANT ADS AND SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
• » Thk Call are taken hi Branch office, south-
west corner sixteenth and Mission sis.
/ J ERMAN CURL WISHES SITUATION TO
VJ do general housework or housekeeping: good
cook ior small family. 620 Washington streeu
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
»» Mantel: 200 rooms Vsc 10 HI 60 per nisht;
$1 60 to *.« per week; co 1 venlent and respectable;
free bus and bat gage 10 and from the ferry.
OW COR. SIXTEENTH »T., NEAR MlS-
slon; breach office of Th« Call. sub-
scriptions and want ads taken.
— i— -_-_— -_-_-__«__>__________»__. M^.^^
SITUATIONS WANTED MALE. .
THIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND REBTAU__ANT
xv help of all kinds furnished on short notice by J.
K. <_ RoSETT A CO.. 6_B -acramento st
HUNTER A CO.. CHINESE AND JAPA-
nese employment office. 17 Webb si., below
Kearney, nr. Cal.: teL main 231. W.C. YOUNG, mgr
JAPANESE INTELLIGENCE AGENCY. •R.
80. Si. Ann's bl'g, 6 Eddy sU; tei Main 5284.
CHINESE A J.'. I'ANESE; EST'D 20 YEARS;.
help'.tel.mttlu 1997. BRADLEY C 0. .640 Clay
Chinese AND Japanese EMPLOYMENT
office: beat help. 411 a O'Farrell. Teh E. 426.
YOUNG SWEISE WANTS SITUATION AS
A porter or houseman; not afraid of work: beat
of city references. Address T. SV box 61, CalL
RELIABLE, HANDY MAN (MARRIED). HAS
knowledge of gas -fitting, as plumber's help.
J. B . box 1 60. Call Office. . _
COOK, GERM 25. WISHES SITUATION
V> for day ornlgbi work: is sober; would like a'
steady place. Address FRANK, 27V* Minns st.
STEADY, RELIABLE SCANDINAVIAN
wants work of any kind: can drive and
are far horses. D., box 76, Call Office.
JAPANESE HONEST BOY WANTS SilUA-
tlon to do housework. Address I. BANG, 410
Franklin st. j«9____Kg^H-9^K_H__flßHEflHß^B_l
PAINTER,; G.t AINER AND PAPER-HANG-
er wishes some steady work la city or country.
Address 149 Vi Fl-.lh st.
CAPABLE AND HONFST MAN WANTS
Vy place us porter In hotel or saloon, or dish-
washer. Apply oil Piue st.
j MARKET ST. — BRANCH OFFICE Or THE
A. Call; waul ads and subscriptions taken
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continne"*!.
COOK, GERMAN, 26, WISHES A POSITION
> for day or night work; is sober: would like a
steady place. Address FRANK, 27i*V_t Minna sU
OQQ HAVES -BLANCH OFFICK OF
000 Tub Call; aubacriptions and want ads
taken. > .".'."' _': ■
-yoUNG MAN wants advertising
J- matter to distribute or work of any kind ; best
of re-ices. J. J., box 32, Call Office.
ACTIVE BUSINESS MAN WANTS Posi-
tion, any capacity: good office assistant, store
or drive delivery wagon. S., b_x 32, Call Office.
RANt OFFICE CALLTE S I-.TH
st. — Want ads and subscriptions taken.
BY A YOUNG MAN, SOBER AND INDUS-
trious. a situation to travel for a wholesale
bou-«: speaks Spanish, French aud English; ac-
quainted in Mexico; good salesman; can give
a 1 references: wages no object: will take side
lines if necessary. Address H. J., box 40, this office.
GENTLEMAN. FINE PIANIST, DESIRES
steady engagement: best reference, s. P., box
53, all office.
A MARKKT ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
i Call: want ads and subscriptions taken.
yill'SO JAPANESE BOY WANT- A PLACE
J- 10 work either forenoon or afternoon only. S.
T„ 22 Prospect place. ♦
-\7"OUNG ENGLISHMAN WANTS PLACE AS
J- stsgednver or to take care of borses: thor-
oughly competent. Add. F. CLUER, box 109. Call.
STRONG BOY USED TO WORKING IN
bakehouse. Apply Baker, box 72, Call office.
r\*y7 MONTGOMERY. COKNER OF CLAY—
•J— l open until 9:30 o'clock; branch office of
tbe Call: subscriptions and want ada taken.
Y»'INCHKBTER HOUSE, 44 THIRDS'!., NR.
'» Market: 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night:
$1 60 10 $6 per week; convenient aad respectable;
tree bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
FEMALE HELP WANTED. '
Vl' ANTED— PROTESTANT SECOND GIRL, 2
'» In family, $20: 2 German md English nurses,
$20 and $:..; 3 cooks, German stvl », $25; cook,
hotel, $3 ; restaurant waitress, $25, and a large
number of girls lor to, king and housework. J. F.
CRoSETT A CO., 316 Sutter St.
GIRL, UNION ST.. $20; GIRL, LOMBARD
su. $20; gin. Fair Oaks at., $20; gin. Kddy
St., $20; girl, Pacific aye., $26; girl, Post $20;
girl, Alameda, Cal., $20; girl, Geary St.. $20;
gin, Webster sl., $20; girl, Vallejo st., $20; girl.
Lush s: . $25: girl, Fell St., $20; girl. Laguna si.,
$-0; girl, faite s.. $20: girl, Jackson BU, $20:
girl, Kennett, Cal., $20. girl. Lyons at.. $20; girl,
Hayes si.. $20. M Alt IIN 749 Markei st.
CHAMBERMAID, $7 A WKKK; GERMAN
V. waitress, $20 anl room: gir. toasslatin dining-
room: waitress. *5 a week; chambermaid, $18
and room; ironer, steam lauudry. $31); girl for
chamberwork and some waiting; waitress, $16
and room; waitress, country , if HO. woman to wash
and iron, $16, room and board; cook, $45 aud
room: oeimm cook, $25: waitress, city, $20 and
room. Mai. UN's, 749 Markets:.
p Ml, FULTON si., $15; GIRL, LOMBARD,
VJ $15: girl, Livermore, $15; tin. Post St., $15;
girl, o'rarrell sU. *16; girl. Geary St., $15. fid,
Castro st, $15: girl, Alameda, $18. girl. Octavla
St.. $15; girl. Pine St., $15: girl. Golden Gate avi-.,
$15; g rl, Da St., $15; girl. Sutter st.. $16: girl,
Fillmore st., $16. Mai. TIN'S, 749 Market st.
V^URSE GIRL, $10; 23 YOUNG GIRLS. $8
--' $10 and $12 per month, assist, etc., nice fami-
lies. MARTIN'S, 74_* Markets!
SECOND GIRL, STEINER ST., $15. MAR-
TIN'S, 749 -uarket su
COLORED GIRL, PINE ST., $15. MAR-
\J IT *&, 749 Market st.
COLORED COOK, $-10: SECOND GIRL AND ]
sewing, $20. MISS CULLKN, 323 sutler si. j
I^RENCH NUR E, $26: 12 HOUSEWORK I
J- girls, city and country, $20 and $26; 8 young
girls assist, $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN, 323 I
Suiter at.
GERMAN OR FRKNt H GOVKRNEiS, $30.
MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter.
COOK. $35; SECOND GIRL, $25: NURSE, $20.
. ML-S CULLEN, 323 Sutler.
TIT ANTED— laundress AND WAITRESS,
II $26: '/ German cooks, $36 and $30: French
nurse, must speak English, $25, city reference
and a great number of girls for housework and
assist. LEON ANDBE, 315 Stockton at-
CASHIER INJRESTACRANT, $4 WEEK AND
*_> board. C. R HANSEN A CO., 110 Geary st.
C.OOK. private BOARDING-HOUSE. $40;
V. .chambeimaid and wall one mea^ $20; 2 wait-
resses, city, $15, $16: 3 h usegirls, »20; 4 house-
girls, $15 C. R. HANSEN A CO., HO Geary su
KEI-INED PROTESTANT WOMAN FROM
28 to 35 years of age as governess for a J
banker's family; country; $.6. references re- 1
quired. MURRAY' <__ READY, Leading Employ- '
men: Agents, 634-638 Clay St.
GOOD PLAIN. COOK AND do general!
VX housework for American family of 3 grown ;
persons: country town; $20; see lady nere; young j
gin preferred: cal early. MURRAY <fe READY, j
Leading Employment Agents. 634-636 Clay st.
IV AITRESSES. COUNTRY HOTEL?, $15 TO
II $20. fare paid ; cook and laundress. $26; etc.
MURRAY tt READY, Leading Employment
Agents, 634-636 Clay st.
C.OOK, $30: SECOND GIRL, $20: HOUSE-
V I girl, 3 in family, $25: nursegirl, $15: German
houseglrl, 2 in family, $20; c_*>k. $25. house^irl, i
Oakland, $35; Belvedere, $25. MRS. NORTON,
316 suiter at. }■■■'.■
C HAMBEKMAID, $20; WAITRESS, $20;
girl light upstairs work, $12; 8 girls for bouss-
work. MRS. HIRli, 721 Kills su
CHAMBERMAID: MUST ASSIST WAITING;
I country; *20. HOT EL, GAZETTE, 420 Kearny.
OFFICK FEE REDUCED; 25 CTS.; UlR__S OF
a.l nations Itles 10 hli various positions. Ger-
u.au Employment office, 306 Mason st_
/yOUNG GERMAN GIRL FOB GENERAL
X. housework, take care of children. $1 ». Eureka
Valley Bakery and 1 onfeciiouery, 4147* Nine-
teenth st., uear coi;lni_w__d.
/'IRK .FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK AND ■
*_• a. si ;in kitchen: wages $16. 1218 a Fulton !
St., bet. Scott and Devisadera
/'IRC WHO SPEAKS FRKNCH TO TAKE j
VJ caie ot children; references. D. M. C.. box
61, Call Office.
VOCNO, STRONG GIRL FOR GENERAL
' A housework and cooking; washing out. 219
Broderick st. • -* -_*.-.
EXPERIENCED WAITRESS IN LAROE REB-
-tHurant. 9Vi Dykeman place, between O'Far-
rell and Ellis sts.
\Y rAN > El) .GIRL FOR SECOND WORK AND
IT waiting. 11.07 Hyde st.
"yOUNG GERMAN GIRL FOR GENERAL
A housework. 1 709 Post st. _ '- }• ..
GIRL FOB HOUSEWORK; MUST BE GOOD
NX cook* Apply 1205 Eddy at.
AN IID-UIKL TO ASSIST IN LIGHT
IT housework. 1217 Websier.
GOOD YOUNG GIRL WANTED For GEN-
eral housework. Apply 1018 Valencia st.
YOUNG GIRC FOR GENERAL HOUSE.
-L work, with references. Apply 2241 Suiter st.
yOUNG GIRL WANTED lOR LIGHT
A housewor_. call at 2118 Geary St.
GOOD OIKL FoR GENERAL HOUSEWORK
and plain cooking. 1620 Geary st.
YV ANTED- OIKlj TO ASSIST AT HOUSE
•■ work. 3448 Twentieth sL ; call after 9a. m.
TTT A NTED- AN APPRENTICE ON CUSTOM
" coats; stead work. 966 Folsom at,
VV '^ N J* IEU1 EU - Gi * ;RMAN GIRL IN FAMILY OF
■' 2. MRs. HAROLDS. 616 l iguth st., Oakland.
yoUNG GIBL MIND CHILDREN AND AB-
- - - *'»t housework. Apply 28^7 Howard st.
(_ lH }' WANTED FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK;
and 10 Pei " mootn - Call at 18 Meicalf place, beu 9
and 10 a v.
WANTED- PUPILS FOR A PRACTICAL
*• millinery school; course thorough; class now
forming for spring work: satisfaction guaranteed:
evening classes. 22% ueary or 410 Leavenworth.
n.IRL: LIGHT HOUSEWORK; PLAIN COOK-
VA- lug for two; sleep home. R., box 87. Call.
WANTED-YOUNG GIRL TO ASSIST IN
" "gut housework: good home; small pay. Call
-"■ it., 33 Noe su, near Thirteenth.
/-J.£l:UA,\ GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
VA work: 9t012a. M. 604 McAllDter su
GEHMAN GIRL, FOB GENERAL HOUSE-
work; plain cooking. 317 _cott sL .
Ty ANTED— 10 YOUNG LADIES TO LEARN
• » barber trade: shop to open May 1. Partlcu-
lars call 138y_ Eighth au. S. F. Barber College.
GOOD OPPORTUNITY FOR A LADY WITH
small capital, call at 1065 Market st., room 1
1 earn DRESSCUTTING AND MILLINERY;
.-V *"*■ P'-r week; unlimited lessons: patterns
2&C. McDowell Dressmaking School, 636 Market.
L'LYNN'S DRESSMAKING AND CUTTING
A Academy. 14 McAllister at.; $1 a week..
f.l . KIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THB
v ■*-*-* Call; subscriptions and i want ada. taken.
I A WRENCK CUTTING* SCHOOL IS THE
jx- 1 only reliable place for patterns: every on*
guaranteed to be perfect. 1231 Market au
\1 .? UONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE:
n.j; * '"Chester House. 44 Third su, near Market:
-00 rooms;. 26c to $1 s*> per night; $1 60 to $6
per week; free 'bna*aiid baggage to and from ferry.
11 (J NINTH ST— BRANCH OF. ICE OF
xi \J lux Call; subscription and want ada
1 taken. .
MALE help wanted. .""._ _
ANTED — AMERICAN GENERAL MKR-
»' cbandis*" clerk with California experi-nce for
country $50 and found: cooks, waiters and others.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT A CO., 628 Sacramento.
HYDRAULIC MINER. THOROUGHLY AC-
customed to the use cf gravel elevators,
giants, pip-s, etc., must have experience and ref-
erence. $150 and found; man of experience in
country general store. R. T. WA RD, 610 Clay St.
AMERICAN SHOP BCTCHER AND SAC-
sage-maker, country, $5U to $60 and found:
slaughterer, country, $sUand found. R. T. WARD
* CO.. 608 and 610 Clay st. .
AITER. $25 AND ROOM: COOK, $25 AND
I' room; errand boy, $10 tin, l room: young man
to run elevator; waiter, $7 a week:coo_, boarding-
house, $46 nnd room: restaurant .porter, $25.
MARTIN'S, 749 Market st.
WOODCHOIPER, $160 A CORD: KANCH
» i baud. $20 per month; sausage-maker; black-
smith's helper; man to grow blackberries: barber,
country shop. MARTIN'S. 740 Market si.
PAINTER MUST BE A NO. 1 GIIAINF.K.
for country: man to care for 60 cows on shares;
see boss here 9a. m. Monday; 3 cooks; 2 waiters
and other places. MURRAY A KEADY, Leading
Employment AgenU. 634 ana 636 Clay st. _ .- ."
LOKEMAN.FOR A VINEYARD. ORCHARD
« and ranch; "able. to pack raisins, tigs, prunes
and other fruits; run a gang of men to ad vantage;
trom 30 to &0 years; sinvle man; references re-
quired; salary, $50 and found and increase. Call in
person or write slating full particulars former
employers, etc. MURRAY A RKADt, Leading
Employment Agenta, 634 and 636 Clay st.
HEAD PORTER WITH GOOD REFERENCE
for large first* c aas country hotel. C. B.
HANSEN A CO., 110 Geary si.
CKCOND COOK, HOTEL NORTH, $60: NEAT
i* 4 * young ho el waiter, $30. C X HANSEN A
CO., 110 Geary st.
3Y< UNG MEN BETWeEN 16 AND 20
years of age to learn a truce. Apply at Last
Factory, 10 Stevenson St., from 7 to 9 this a.m.
yOU.NO BOOTBLACK WANTKD. SARA-
-1 toga, 91 ie, Larki i St., bet. Geary and Post.
GOOD STEADY BOY ABOUT 15; WAGES
■ $3 per week. 409 McAllister st.
PARTNER IN GOOD PAYING CASH BUSl-
nes.; cleared $60 month. 223 Fourth st.
BOY AGED 16: REFERENCES REQUIRED;
must reside with parents. 114 Powell St.
EXPERIENCED DAY COOK: WAGES $12
week. 113 Sev nth st.
yOUNG MAN WHO UNDERSTANDS MEAT-
X. cutting and can drive wagon. App.y bet. 9 aud
12 a. m., cor. Mason and Chestnut sis. C. GRASS,
butcher.
T\f TAILORS FOR FINE SEAT-
" rooms. 724 1/ 3 Market st., room -.7-
WANTED— STEADY, RELIABLE MAN FOR
*» position In country: must bave $5 expense
money. Call after 10 a. m . 9 Geary, room 2.
WANTED — FOR CASH, SHOEMAKERS'
t" patching machine. LIN K LETTER, San Jose,
California. _ l
THE RICHELIEU RKSTAURANT. 118 a EL-
lis St., bet. Mason and Powell, has changed
| hands, and Mr. Noel Bengue, the new proprietor,
will continue to run it as a hr-u-ciass res-.auraul;
25c a meal; family entrance off O'Farrell st.
T\ r ANTED— SALESMAN 'EXPERIENCED IN
tl school supplies. Whlta-ter-ltay C 0. .723 Markt
BARBER.— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
P. C. Barbers' Assn. s. FUCHS, 525 Grant ava.
JOURNEYMEN BARKERS' EMPLOYMENT
_,c- returv .H. BERNARD, 102 seventh st.
BARBERSHOP. RUNNING »CIUIH.; LOW
rent: good location; price $125; trial given:
this is a rare chance. J., box 67, call Office.
i] ARBER WASHSTANDS, 1.2 AND 3 BOWLS,
J* cheap. H. HUFsCHMIDT. 6.'3 Golden C.ate ay
LADIES' AND GENTS' MISFIT .-HOES
Xj bought and exchanged; new vamps and sec-
ond-hand shoes for Ue; large stock; shoes made
to order; bes stock; work gun ran teed: all kinds
of repairing. 743 Mission, near Grand Opera-house.
i^LCHO HOUSK, B63*l^| MARKET ST.— P.OOMS
a 20c. 25c to 60c nlghl; $1 to $2 week.
O^-O/- MISSION — SUBSCRIPTIONS AND
__-..__. v) want ads taken for THE CALL.
BE^T IN CITY— SINGLE ROOMS, 15. 20 AND
26 cents per nlgbt: $1, $1 _-6, $1 60 per week.
Pacldc House, Commercial and Leidesdorff sts.
I It; NINTH Sl'. —BRANCH OFFICE OF
IIL) Int. call; subscription and waut ads.
taken.
> _*I.UNSWICK HOUSK, 148 SIXTH ST.: OPEN
' ' all night; rooms 25c to $1 per night: $1 25 to
$6 per wee*. J. G. U.uKii, Manager.
I — _____
STYLISH AND DURABLE CALF SHOES
made to order, $2 50. 959 Howard, nr. Sixth.
K ECRUITS WANTED FOR THE U. 8. MA-
rine Corps. U. S. Navy— Able-bodied unmar-
ried men between tbe ages of 21 and Su years
j who are citizens of the United States, or those
j wbo bave legally declared iheir Intention to bo-
| com** sucb; must be of good character au*j habits
and able to speak, read and write English and be
between 5 feet 6 Inches and 6 feet, in beieht. For
further information apply at the Recruiting Office,'
20 Kills su. San Fiancisco, CaU v .; -
ROOMS 16c To 76c PER NIGH'I; 60c -To *l all
per week, oriental, 225 Drumm st.
SINGLE FURNISHED ROOMS: 15c A NIGHT:
75c week. Llndell House, Sixth and Howard.
VY ANT ADS AND SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
" Thk Call are taken at Branch office, south-
west corner sixteenth and Mission sts,
\l" AN! ED.i _»•_ WAGES DUX LABOR
'» rrsAclerks. KNOX Collection Acer. 110 Sutter
Or\-yi- MISSION ST.-BRANCH OFFICE OF
— _.*__-> Th* Call; subscriptions and waut ada
taken.
TRY ACME HOUSE. 957 MARKET ST.. BlC-
low Sixth, tor a room: 1.5 c a night; $1 a week.
1 l\l\ MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT 10c 150
X\J\J and 20c a nlgbu Including coffee and roils.
b'24 Washington st. . near Kearn v.
| _ ,
] Uf ANTED— AN IDEA: WHO CAN TH INK OP
" soma simple thing to Latent* Protect your
i Ideas; th«y may bring too wealth. Write JOHN
; WEDDERBURN A CO., Dept. L, Patent Attor-
-1 nej., Washington. D. C, for tbeir $1601. ,t___
cf.tr and list of 200 inventions wanted.
Ur'ASTt.D-LABtIRERS AND MECHANICS
" to know that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprie-
tor, si 111 runs Denver House, 217 Thirds-: 15.1
large rooms; 25c per night; $t to $3 per week.
OSEDALE, 321 ELLIS SINGLE FUR-
nlshed rooms, 20e to 25c night, $1 to $1 50 wk.
•A? SIMON WANTS 100 MLN TO GET BOT-
AJ. tie beer or wine 6c. best free lunch. 643 Clay
\y INCHESTER HOUSK, 44 THIRD ST., NR.
" Market: 200 rooms, 25c a night: reading*
room: tree bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
VY r ANTED-SINGLK BOOMS, 18c A DAY; $1
"I week; rooms for 2. 25c a day. $1 60 a week;
reading-room; daily papers. 36 Clay su
ANTED, YOUR SHOES— WE REPAIR
IT shoes up to 9 o'clock every night: those work-
ing through the day can have their snoes repaired
at nlgnt while you wait; lames' soling, 35c; nioi'i
soling, 60c; tine shoes made to order from $2 ap;
we have a lot of shoo* been damaged by water, ac
less than one- fourth ' their value, trom 25a up u>
$li SO. 682 Mission at., bet. First a., and Second st
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS— ALL THE BOOKBUYKRS WILL
buy the. new memorial edition of "Uncle
Tom's Cabin"; if you wish to make money don't
lay in applying for territory to F. PK.BsON,
manager subscription department. The Whitaker
A Ray Company. 723 Market st.
V GENTS— A NEW MAP OF CALIFORNIA,
lh<- latest and the best; now is ihe time to
make money: "strike while the Iron Is hot." F.
Per-on, manager subscription dept.. THE WHIT-
AKER * RAY COMPANY, 723 MarKet st.
WANTED — CANVASSERS FOR LATEST
beat-selling novelty: big money made easy.
Apply at once bet. 9 and 12 a. m.. 1664 Alabama.
LADY OR GENTLEMEN AGENTS WANTED
in each town on the coast for office business.
Send 10c for samples and circulars to Nature Sup-
ply C'oinpauy, 24^ Third aU, 8. F.
* WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THU
c\. WEEKLY CALL, In wrapper, for malllna.
COTTAGE WANTED.
TV 7 " aNTED-BRI.-H 1 SONY "OTTAGKOF
IT 6 rooms: mus. be north of Market and west of
Van Ness. Atld'*-ss J. IC, box 69, Call Offic .
WANTED-MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED — AN F LK'S HEAD, MOUNTED
and in perfect condition. Address X. box 74,
this office. {--^ISHHinBSBBKI
GAS ENGINE WANTED; ABOUT 4 H. P.;
lv good order; stale price, make and time been
used. 8.5., box 79, Call office.
BUILDINGS BOUGHT; LUMBER, SASHES,
doors, mantels etc., for sale. 1166 Mission st.
SELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW
elry to a. KLEIN. 109 Sixth su: send post a..
I'IiOTOUKAVHEKS SUPPLIES.
PHOTAKE CAMERA 2x2," LAMP, CHKMI-
Chls, paper and- 6 plates, $2 60. California
Camera Co., 22 Geary at, _3_HMMMMHMBSSn___f
HOTELS.
BROOKLYN ; HOTEL 208-212 BUSH ST.,
board and room $1 to <-__ per day. . .6 to $12
per weeK; choice rooms 50 cents to $1: suite
looms for family $1 to $1 50 per night; tlrst-class
service; tree coach. CHARLES MONTGOMKKY
PERSONALS.
TVrOCLD LIKE TO KNOW WHEREABOUIB
1 1 of Edward Bishop; resided on Market su iv
November. 3895. Call 167 Ninth sU
ENTLEMAN, TEMPORARILY. EM BAR.
rassed, would like to negotiate with private
par ty fo.- the loan of $500; said loan wanted for
15 days; security worth $20 0 win te placed in
toaner's hand* to ensue prompt repayment, and
a bonus of .50 will be given for the accommoda-
tion: party must be responsible. Address B. 8.,
box 132, Call Office. ■-.-?■■.?-:__--.'"'
FEBRUARY 3. 1897— ANY SEAMAN WHO
has left any clothing at my bouse pease
call at W. L'NE'S, 504 Davis sU, and re-
deem them, as I am out of the business. WM.
THOMPSON, 103 Clarke St., City.
* DVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAW- A SPEC-
-A ialty: pr.vate: no fee without success: pro-
bate, insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale,
damages, etc. private detectives; estab. 10 years.
G.W.HOWE, at.y at-lsw, 850 Market.cor.Stocktn
"I A GRIPPE
And all kindred diseases easily cured wPhont
medicine. Ktecirictt] is lift-, and as applied with
the wonderful electrical apparatus used at
DR. SMITH'S- ELECTRO-MAGN TIC BATHS
'I he cure is both pleasant and permanent. Noth-
ing iike it. Go at once ana be well, sunny rooms
anil hygienic board very reasonable. Fiee consul-
tation 1 to 3 and 6to 8, -undava 10 to 12. Call or
address 1533 BUCHANAN sU
— — — :
DOZENS OF MUSHROOM IMITATORS AND
people claiming to have bad connections with
me are springing up every day— people who are
jea.ous Of my success. Don't make any mistakes.
It's G. LEDtREH, 1 1 1 Stockton St., nearest Geary,
that yon wan. 10 see: my price tor hair-dressing is
positively 25c only for auy and all styles; same
price in the store as in the advertisements.
GENTLEMAN PARTNER WITH SMALL
J c pital wanted by a lady. -, 116 sixth St., rm 2.
MMX. J. PHILLIPS, LADIES' FASHION-
abIe hairdresser, removed to 120 Geary au,
opposite California Furniture Co.: popular Drices.
IF HANNAH GILBERT, LA I E OF MAN-
X Chester. England, would communicate with her
relatives she would hear of something to her ad-
vantage.
HONORABLE MAN, 35, SOBER, BHOK-
maker, w^nts to meet lady between 20 and 30
with ome means. Address LEO CAPO, 562 Mis-
sion su .
PRIVATE DETECTIVE WORK DONE REA-
souable: 10 years' experience; all matters
strictly confidential. G. R. WEBSTER, 104 Mason
st, room 6.
AINTING, WHITENING, PAPERING;
lowest estimates -.best work guarante-d; wall pa-
per roll. EDWARDS. 1200 Webs'.er, cor. Eddy.
MI-S KEEGAN (FORMERLY WITH G. LED-
-111 erer) has opened a stylish rdreas ing parlor;
latest effects ;price 25c. 124 Vi O'Farrell, nr.PowelL
MRS. THOMPSON, RETURNED; HAlR-
dresser and manicure. 605 Post it, room 2.
PRO!-. ARNOLD, MAGNETIC HEALER— ALL
disease successfully treated; rheumatism posi-
tively cured. Call or write 786 Stevenson st.
MRS. O. SANCHEZ. ARTISTIC HAlR-
dresser and manicure. 614 Pine sU, room 7.
LAI DE FORCE GORDON. ATTORNEY
at law. 1236 Markei, over J. J. O'Brien's.
METROPOLITAN IETECTIVE BUREAU,
.rrott building over Emporium; offices, 540-
-64 hours! a m. to 12 p. it.; tele. Mint 1471.
1 ftftft CARDS, $1 6_i SHOW CARDS. ETC.
IUUU TeL Black 141. HILL, 22% Geary au,
ffi; 1 A DOZEN— FINK CABINETS JxX' WTL-
«pI SON'S Gallery. 1028 Markeu
-97 .MONTGOMERY ST., BRANCH OFFICB
«'_ I ot Thb Call; want ads and subscriptions
taken.
"PARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF. MAGAZINE
X and Newspaper Illustration: particulars as to
terms, etc.. 424 Pine at.; illustrations famished
for magazines, newspapers, etc.
ARTISTIC HAIRDRES..ING, 25c; $25 FOR
cases of hair falling or dandruff 1 cannot cure.
MRS. HUBBARD, 1104 Market su, room 28.
K UPTURE AND PILES CURED: NO PAT
nntli cured: send for book. DRS. MANS.
FIELD & PORTERFIELD. 838 Market »U
MAGNTSCOPE — NEW PROJECTING MA-
chine; uses the klnetoscope films; pnoe $250,
BACIGALUPI. 946 Market st.
WALLPAPER, 4C A ROLL; PAPER HANG-
I* ing. painting. etc., by contract or day's work, at
yourown pnce. N.K. MERIGAN. 1302 Webster
hIG OUTDOOR STEREOPTICON sHOW EVK-
ry night cor. MarKet and Sixth ats.: artistic ad-
vertisements ln living light; promoters of bu___-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market at.
ELECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM-
II Winchester House. 44 Third au, nr. Market;
200 rooms, 250 to $1 60 per night: $1 60 to $6 per
week ; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
DIVORCE AND ANNULMENT .OF MAR-
riage; terms of payment obliging; legal every-
where. Address lock box F, 906 Market su, & F.
CLOAKS, FURS AND SUITS RETAILED Al'
wholesale prices. Factory. 20 Sansome su
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR F. 1 LARK, THE WORLD'S MOST
'.amous medium of mottern times. Don't fail
to see her if you are interested in the affairs of life;
if marriage, sickness, deaths, changes, travels, di-
vorces, separations, lawsuits, business transac-
tions, wills, deeds and mortgages, lost or stolen .
property, lost or absent triends. Interest you: It
you care to know what yon should do to be suc-
cessful, where you should go and whom to avoid,
when to buy and sell stocks, etc.; in a word, what-
ever may be your trouble, suspicions or desires,
rail on this gifted woman and sbe will send you
away happier, wiser and bolder than ever before.
Hours »a. m. to Bp. __.. strict. N. R— Satisfaction
guaranteed by mall, send stamp for pamphleu
special terms. MRS DR F. CLaRK, 1206 Mar-
ket su. parlors 26 and 26. Take elevator.
CC C. C. C.
• Remaining 2 weeks only; the famous, world-
renown Miss Van de Vera will foretell your fu-
ture, guide your affections and secure you infallible
luck in love, courtship and marriage: business
and mining investments especially; positive proof
of accurate predictions giveu. 1 Fifth at., room L
MMX. DR THOMAS. SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
er by eggs and cards; tells entire 11 — past,
present, fnt ure: consoltations on ail affairs; noth-
ing excepted;, names given: good advice: sure
help; restores lost love by sympathy: mistake Im-
possible: fee $1; letter $2. 929 Post su, nr Larkin.
MME. NEOMA, CARD-READER: PAST,
present and future; 26c. 131 Fourth st. ; sat-
isfaction guaranteed.
ME. RAVENA READS LIFE FLUENTLY;
business advice: names given; 25c up.s Fourth
MISS MELVILLE, WELL-KNOWN CLAlR-
voyant, 61 Fifth st.: water readings a specially.
■\roUNG WIDOW IN GOOD CIRCUMSTANCES
J- wants gentleman partner. 104 Msson sU
CONSULT THE LUCKY MEDIUM: 25c; ONE
price. 41 Minna st., near Second.
G'\ PSY LIFE- LEADER REMOVED TO 3
Seventh St., nr. Market; ladies 25c, gents 50c.
ALICE FAY. MEDIUM AND MAGNETIC
healer, permanent 128 Seventh su, top flau
Ml-. LEON A RETURNED; CARDrtEADER;
magnetic treatmenu 995 Market, room 3.
MME. MOREAU, BEST CLAIRVOYANT AND
medium ln city: fee 25c up. 764 Howard st.
MRS B. BAUMANN, BEST- KNOWN CLAlR-
voyant iv the city. Residence, 132 Turk su
MME. SYBILLK TELLS FROM CRADLE TO
grave; pictures given : ladies 26c : 914 O'FarrelL
ME. WALTERS OF TEHAMA: CARDS: LA
dies, 250; gents, 50c 951 Mission, nr. 6th.
ME. LEGETTE. CLAIRVOYANT AND BUS.
advice; 25c; one price. 311 Tehama, or. 4th.
VI ME. Hansen, palmist, card-reader;
111 past, present and future: 26c. 148 6th. r. 5.
SPIRITUALISM.
TEST MEETING TO-NIGHT, WASHINGTON
Hall, 36 Eddy st. DX. SCHLESINGKR ana
MRS. IRENE SMITH: free.
MME. OSMAN, SPIRITUAL TRANCE MEDI-
um; life readings, love affairs, business Invest-
ment, mining speculations specialty. 638 Mission.
DNA .WALLACE, "THE ORIGINAL" ME-
- ilium and magnetic healer. S6OC3 Market St.,
room 10.
\! ME. YOUNG'S TEST CIRCLE TO-NIGHT;
1»1 10c; orchestra rud quartet. 418 McAllister.
ME. GRAY, 'i HE Wi NDERFIT MAGNET-
Ic healer. 142 seventh st., room 33.
MRS. __,_____]___, MEDIUM; SITTINGS.9 TO B, $1;
circles T ties, Fri.. 'lr. it., l'sc. 233 Valencia.
RS. H. A. GRIFFIN— CIR SUN. EVE.; 23c;
parlor-teat mtg. Thur. eve.: sUs 426 Vi Grove.
MRS. 3. 3. WHITNEY. CLAIRVOYANT,
trance test medium * nfe reader, ii is Stockton
AM. FRANCIS, INDEPENDENT SLATK
• writer. 118 Halchi at: hours 9 until « p »_,
HYPNOTISM.
THE LIQUOR MORPHINE. AND CIGAR-
eue bam;, also nervous complaints, cured by
hypnotism. Prof. I. A. KENNEDY, Eilis.r.'j --30
HYPNOTISM SCIENTIFICALLY TAUGHT:
success end. Hrpnoi I c. Mesmeric I 0'
PROFESSIONAL CARDS.
JOHN K. RICHARDS, LA OFFICE... ROOMS
26 and 27, Crocker building; telepnoue Maut
%5. San Francisco. Cat.
JOHN R. AITKEN AND MAURICE L ASHKR
all, _. a. law, tun 515,516, 5iU uoor, Tanutt ul_i
BUSINESS CHANCES.
HIGHEST CASH PRICES PAID FOR FURN l-
ture, restauranu saloon fixtures and grocery
stocks. STENBERG CO.. 632 Market st.
■*2.7ftft LUNCH HOUSE AND SALOON;
JP'""" rash register, billiard and pool tables/,
fl c mirror, etc. : good corner: low rent; big bar- *.
gain. STENBER,. A CO.. 632 Market SU \"i
5. I 9ftft OLD-ESTABLISHED AND WELL- 1
JU. '-W. known saloon; half block north of
Market st.: this place is elegantly fitted up and
» ell stocked: must be sold, as proprietor has other
rju*.ine-is which require., his time: every tnvestisa-
uon allowed. BTENBEKG & CO., 632 Market sU
$3nft BEST PAYING OUTSIDE ROUTE IN
.*  * th * city; ..ood horse and wagon; no
month C * n ,--e-*3»ry; positively clears $1-0 a
&_£__£" lIta »"« l «a- -BERG & CO.,
C J _^d'a < _*_f iAY -* 375 'LU SECURE AN
flce-'_.ctsaii_^ exi n ive business; great 50,r1 -
5350 a S ,«,°.t n » 00 °* n»» cleared over
better bl?ni h l° , 5 3 __ BrB: Prospects were never
Uv_ -.'prove P» .. "?• CU Investigation will posl-
ket SU - Particulars of SICKELS, 620 Mar-
T2«e? IfTsstAS? **? SEEKING BUSINESS
flrrS Tf THOMLTcS cm V 0n BUlt the rHlable
Telephone South 692. '* iS Uth Bt room 18 \
ply to i c Ma" l\- jf-' f E i D t <-°«n«
ply to wlchma" lv JEN & ct? k Tn J*m
St., beu 8 and 10 a. «■ ; no agent_f M 3 "° C "
«' ANTED -STEADY M AN FOR PERM A
II nent portion in cash bus n*..- J,,, , _..JI ***"
fled , th $20 per week an," have *'_J. .- _? 8 'I 1 ::
ply 777 Maraet st., room 7. 6 **°° casb * A P"
*%9no BUYa A "OTEL BAR AND rksTu-
<&Z\J\J rant; rfent«l2. 2621 Twenty .ourt., «*
near where Ho_ ard st. car stops Pofrero aye" U '
PAYING SALOON; GOODLOCATIOITrTTTTi;
receipts $10 to 12: must be Sold __.coun Z
sickness. Inquire Call Office. account ol
RAFFLE OF TOOL CHEsT AT a2B^7F^ ; 7"
Tuesday, February 8. " o 'JAi__r.,
RESTAURANT AND CHOPHOUSE- Mr .t
■■•II; cheap. Ing. meat market, Mission.
ARTY WOULD LIKE TO BUY H _LF-IN*
t- rest in undertaking establishment: state ad"
dress and foil particulars. G. S., box 32, CalL
PARTNER WANTED IN PAYING Ba_
loon: recently opened: will bear inveatlca.
tion. Room 18, 33 Sixth st. CT " 8 ""
PARTNER WANTED WITH $150 TO IN-
vest in a medical-bath treatment business. 33
Sixth su, room 18. '
FINE CANDY- STORE ON MARKET ST /
• I _,S? ,n _! »*soo< l business; wUI bear Investigation.-
-33 six.li st., room 18.
"ftftftft WA NTED ON FIRST MORTGAGE
_• C _V_ on a 700 to $8000 Property. Panic"
lars 412 Natoma st. «-»-_■ w_.u
ASSAYING OUTFIT AND ESTABLISHED
business for sale. Address Assayer. box 25,
Auburn, Cal. . .
OOD-PAYING CANDY. STATION EBY AND
cl.ar-store; cheap; account of sickness. 1314
Howard st.
WOOD AND COAL YARD FORSALE CHEAP.
564 Howard su
TO LET-CARRIAGE PAIN 1 SHOP; GOOD
location for business. 1340 Turk su
IBM r*.() PARTNER WANTED IN LIGHT
♦ipJ. OU. Indoor business: immense profits:
plenty of work great chance for small Invest-
menu 9 Geary su, room 2.
ARTY WOULD LIKE TO PUT A LITTLE
money Into some business, manufacturing or
otherwise, aa partner. Address S, box 142, Call.
TORAGE WAREHOUSE, $-00 INCOME PER
__** menth. must be sold. Call 1396 Market su
for particulars. C '■?
SALOON FOR SATE; A BARGAIN: ON AC
count of leaving city. 515 Market su
PARTN 1* R WANTED WITH SMALL CA Pi-
tal; no fake. Address J. J., box 46, Call Office.
lit Qfift SALOON NEAR PRINCIPAL MAR-
<jr"-'UU. ket: cheap renu For information ad-
dress 8. P. WILSON, 431 Greenwich su
ENTLEMAN PARTNER WITH SMALL
capital wanted by young widow. 207 Post. r. 8.
ffl?"! Pwftn FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE FOR
-P- 1 OW'. city property.old-established harness
business in San Luis Obispo County: if residence
is wanted $4500. Address W., box 60, Call Office.
UNPARALLELED INDUCEMENTS FOR IN-
veators In good cold mine. For particulars call
H. H. FERNS, 450 Townsend sU
A NIMATOSCOPE— PROJECTING LIVING
pictures. Animatoscope,933 MrkU, 7th floor.
GENTLEMAN PARTNER BY ATTRACTIVE
and refined young lady. 1 Fifth St., room 1.
__ .
FOR SALE-OLD-ESTABLISHED SALOON
and house on account, of sickness; cheap. 250
Spear sU - -.&_'.
fOR SALE— GROCERY AND BAR; 3 ROOMS;
A reasonable. Cor. Fifteenth and Dolores.
EXPRESS BUSINESS, COR. SANSOME AM)
Sutter sta. J. C. FREDERICKS.
BEAUTIFUL SAN RAFAEL; THE OLD-ES.
tabiished CENTRAL HOTEL for sale on ac-
count of death: rare cnance. Apply to proprietor.
GROCERY AND BAR, WITH 6 LIVING-
rooms; kept by^present owner 12 years. Bli.
cor. Twenty-sixth and Bartlett su
HENTX RESTAURANT, 2130 FILLMORE
St., for sale; $160: trial given; cause disagree-
ment of partners: see the cook.
CIGAR -STAND AND LAUNDRY OFFICE;
good location: low renU 210 Gran: aye.
OLD-KSTABLISHED CANDY ROUTE AND
wagon. Address L. PFENNTNGER, 28 Page.
BRANCH BAKERY WITH OUTSIDE cus-
tomers for sale. Cor. Bush and Pierce ats.
ITY ROUTE FOR SALE. APPLY THIS
office.
<or*,-?l2 MISSION - SUBSCRIPTIONS AND
_i)-iD want ads taken for The Caul. -
<&>)(,(. BUYS HOTEL AND BAR; RENT*
ilr_-vU $12. 2621 Twenty-fourth aL, near
Potrero aye. ; car stops.
TUNE BASEMENT SUITABLE FOR ANY
-T business; one block from Markeu 15 Grant aye.
LATEST CAR FENDER PATENT: BEST IN
vention. Apply 623 Golden Gate aye.
■VTEWSPAPER ROUTE IN INTERIOR CITY
I *. close to San Francisco. For particulars apply
this office. *^ *
QQQ HAVES— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
OOV Call; subscriptions and want ads taken.
/CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
%J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1 60, post-
age free
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
Qfi ROOM HOUSE ON MARKET ST $1400
OVJ 22- room house, only ....$ 400
65 room . cor... 3,0001 14 rms on Sutter. 700
11 rs-, must sell 20o| 66 rms, best city. 3,
H. ('. DECKER, 1020 Market st., opp. Fifth.
J '■
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
A MONEY-RAISING SALK— 3O DAYS ONLVLJ
A Bedroom sets, 3 pieces $9 60.
Solid oak dining chairs 7 6a .
4-room furniture outfit. $37 50'
Brussels carpeU laid (55.; yard
SHIRKK A sIIIKKK, 747 Market su. opposite
Grant, aye.
a LL KINDS OF HOUSEHOLD GOODS. MAT-
__nL tresses, chairs, tables, crockery and glassware
sacrificed cheap; party moving away. 211*V_, 9th.
ilftft CARPETS; CHAMBER SETS. $14;
?_V X aiovea, $6; parlor seta, **••> folding-bed%
$10: bar ont-Jta. T. D. MCCARTHY. 764 Mission.
AT L. J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH. FOR
lowest prices on household goods: new or gooi
ssnew: easu or on time: open evenings
FOR sale-furniture of FOUR rooms.
good as new: must be sold In a few days. Cal
and investigate at 35 Dor.and su •
J^OR SaLE— FURNITURE 4 OR 6 ROOMS,
. comple.o fur housekeeping. 563 Naioma st.
Ir-URyiTURE. STOVES. CARPETS. COUK-
ters. showcases. ANDERSON, 1121 Market.
=*=-----.=--! ' 3
FURNITURE WANTED.
IE YOU want good pricks for EURNI- '
ture and merchandise see BURD, 211 Larkin.
HIGHER PRICK IHAN AN V WHE RE PAIU
by Indiana Auction C 0.1057 Mnrket.opp.Jone»
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY STEAM CARPET CLEANING Works"
cleans, moves, lavs carpets. G. H. >*. 1 RVRNA
■_.-•_ 38 and 40 Eighth st.; telephone South 250.
IV*" HEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
• I poor work send to SPA IT.M. no's Pioneer Car-
pet-beatlng Works. 353-67 'l'ehama st.; tei. So. id.
C-ARPET-CLEANING. SC: LAYING, 3c; RVG
> samples free: tei. Jessie 944. Stratto:i,3Bth s.i-
ADVA. Ml CARPET-CLEANIN- Co .7*
Sutter: teL Main 394. GKO. WaL'. Oii'.proJ
J WATTS, reliable carpei-clean|i,g rennvit: alter-'
. ation works. 40» McAllister. lei. J sale 821.
/lARPETS CLEANED* RENOVATED LIKE
*!_. new. 23Tenth;iel. fcouth 36. Mackintosh _t ea
T E. MITCHELL. CA Rl LEA MV.. CO..
O . 240 14th st. ; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. ____»?_
*T. ( __!_ :i : l i .' S « :AKr *--T-BKATL\G WORKS
V »3d Golden Gate ay«. Telephone East 126.1.-^ HOUSES TO LET.
" ■ ©1 8 ROOMS AND BATH; NEWLY PA-
pered; in good condition. 2123 Masou st.
2 WALLER, NR. ' CTAVIA — NICE HOUSE:
rm, 10 rooms and bath; sun ail uay: rent $30. Ap-
. ply MADISON <_ BURKE.
(T» i X S ROOMS AND BATH; NICELY DEC-
• £*__). orated. 1436 Golden Gate aye., N. side.
~W. ii x 1731 BROADWAY, NEAR GOUGH— B
I"*-!!**, rooms: every convenience: marine view.
AD TENANTS KJECTED: $__. SMITH,
collector. 14 Ulster St.. rooms 10-11.
' Cl*.)S\ 2*- 1 - LAGUNA: HOUSE 6 ROOMa
■tj^—c'. $16— 1835 Union: corner; 4 rooms.
$14— 1b33 Uniou; 4 rooms.
5 BOOMS; ->33b SKCOND ST.: $15 PER
month. Key at 539 - econd st.
i- ROOMS; 637b SKCOND ST.; $17 PER
1 mo. Key at 539 Second st.
r ROOMS; NEW HOUSE; MODERN IM-
. . O provements: 45 Federal s-.; $15 per month to
' desirable tenants. Key at 539 .> econd si.
HOUSES lo KENT FOR VERY LITTLE
money at BALDWIN -__. HAMMOND'S. Xj
Montromerv _:
FURNISHED HOUSES.
COMPORTABLY FURNISHED COTTAGE; 6
V_/ -rooms, bath; garden; rent very low. 2441
Larkin st. - .;, .
SUNNY UPPER FLAT, FURNISHED: 6 RMS,
bath; cheap, 1 all 12 to _:. 2514L«i Sutter; large
yar i. - -, -
COTTAGES TO LET.
Ql ft NEAT COTTAGE; 4 ROOMS AND
OA yard. 1703 "lurk st., cor. Scott.
• <2>"l X NICE COTTAGE; 6 H OOMS.' BATH;
OAO. sunny, yard; cellar. Key 711 Treat aye.
"VTEWLY FURNISHED COZY" COTTAGE. 5
' _-> rooms and bath: 520 Baker sU; rent $35 to
responsible party without children.
t-ROOM SUNNY" COTTAGE: LARGE GAR-
-» den: chicken -bouse: modern improvements;
rent $16 60. 317 Clipper sl., near Cas.ro.
S7 AND $9: COTTAGES; 3 AND 4 ROOMS;
* ' .P • good order. Apply on premises, 945 Bryant
St., or G. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
r
FLATS TO LET;
/ NNY middle FLAT; 5 large ROOMS
O and bath: rent reduced. 1525 i-i Turk st.
V; 1 9 NICE FLAT; 4 ROOMS AND BATH.
-*_*> 1-. 913 Buchanan sc, near McAllister.
7-1 «_) FRANKLIN— SUNNY FLAT 7 ROOMS
liO and bath; next house to Golden Gate aye.
T OWER AND UPPER FLATS-5 ROOMS,
- A J bath and yard; $15 and $18. 12 Shotwell St.,
near Fourteenth.
' '• T C BONITA— FLAT OF 4 ROOMS; LARGE
A O yard: rent $8.
"iqOql SACRAMENTO — FLAT 5 ROOMS:
* • XOmjOs modern improvements: rent $16.
T7-LAT; 5 ROOMS AND BATH; SUNNY* BELT;
A *15 per mouth; 2610Va Mission st. Apply Sll
. Cappsu
MODERN SUNNY UPPER 5-ROOM FLAT.
841 Cupp, near Twenty-fourth.
S9._: MODERN FLAT; 8 ROOMS BATH.
O — cl. 1128 Howard at., near Seventh.
ft.ir ELEGANT 6 AND 6 ROOM FLATS;
. "©-_-_>_ reduced to $16 and $18. SPEC-. it CO.,
602 Market su
ELEGANT BAY-WINDOW: SUNNY; 6
rooms, bath; $20. 735 Minna st., nr. Ninth.
!A* SHTON A GARDINER, 411 MONTGOMERY
A 5t.— 1707 Powell st., opp. Plaza; very sunny;
large yard: six rooms; rent $18.
LOVELY NEW SUNNY' FLAT OF 8 ROOMS
AJ and bath: larze yard and storeroom: i.eauti-
ful view; select neighborhood. 2116 Hyde st.
T-URNISIIED FLAT: 2 BEDROOMS, KITCH-
' A en and parlor; rent only $14 per month. Ap-
ply 615 Second st.
Ql 9 LOWER SUNNY FLAT. 3 JANE PL.,
O A — • off Pine, near Mason, Nob Hill, no carfare,
HANDSOME. SUNNY, NEW, 4|RcOMS: ALL
modern; cheap rent. 2927 sacramento su
QIC 1425% SACRAMENTO NR. HYDE —
0 A cl.Flat, 6 sunny rooms and bath.
8 ADELAIDE P. ACE OFF TAYLOR NEAR
0 Post— Nice 4 room flat. $14.
_
TOTHE RIGHT PARTY — 1 CAN SELLA NEW
collage of 4 rooms and bath on terms of «..o
cash and balance monthly. K. M. LONG, 8207
• Twenty-second st., corner Mission. Office open
evenings after 7:HO.
I *
i 9-: HERMANN, COR. MARKET ANDVAL-
-4" m-'J -ncia— at; 6 rooms and large basemeut. ~
• • * J-KOOM FLAT; FEDERAL PLACE, OFF FED-
' ,\rt eral at.: to a tenant without children: $10 per
mouth. Key at 539 -econd st.
CHEAP MODERN FLATS, b AND 6
J rooms, $810 $16; see them. 623 Seventh st.
Ql a LOVELY SUNNY FLAT 6 ROOMS
Oil. bath and gas. 3928 Nineteenth su, beL
Noe and Sanchez.
"L> LATS TO KENT FOR VERY LITTLE
J. money at BAUD WIN <__ LAMMUNI/!j, AU
- mont eon: cry St.
Am— _______________________________________
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
Mush Street.
t'iyi BUSH — FURNISHED OR UK-TUB-
I >— A nisbed rooms; light housekeeping or board:
■ single $6.
Castro Street.
A nj: CASTRO, REAR— 3 NICE SUNNY
. _*. V'U hard-finished rooms, unfurnished; large
yard; cheap.
Lleil&adero Street.
1 7AK DE VIS A D RO— SUNNY FUR-
A t KJO Dished rooms; $4 and $5 per montb.
Eddy Street.
' 71 r EDDY — WELL-FURNISHED ROOMS
•IJO for housekeeping; 2 large closets; $15.
Ellis Street.
• 099 ELLIS _ ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
0— — housekeeping and single rooms; reasonable
QfyC ELLIS— 2 FURNISHED HOUSEKEEP-
OAmK) ing rooms, with bath: reaaonable.
-qqfl ELLIS— 2 ALL P.OOMS FURNISHED
OOK) for housekeeping; In iear; cheap.
Fell Street.
.11 A 1 FELL-SUNNY FRONT ROOM AND
rt X Is kitchen: furnished: no bath nor gas.
_ mil Street.
'QIA WEEK; LARGE SUNNY.FURNISHED
(pi room; closet, bath; private. 314 1-ifihsu
' C 99 FIFTH— 2 ROOMS FURNISHED FOR
- _!___. housekeeping; rent cbeap.
4<yol FIFTH— FRONT ROOM AND KITCH-
v*-*-0:i en furnished for housekeeping; Ist floor.
¥ I our btreet.
' 99***'. FOURTH-FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
. Am Am.) light housekeeping; reasonable.
Golden Gate Avenue.
1 000 GOLDEN GATE AYE., COR. LAGU-
.AKfKfK) ua-street Park— Handsomely furnished,
large, sunny, front room; bay-wludow: also large,
single room.
Grove Street.
i9q;orove-2 SUNNY ROOMS NICELY
1 .mU furnished: suitable for housekeeping.
Howard Street.
- {-.OX. HOWARD-A LARGE FRONT ROOM;
■ _)___) complete for housekeeping; reasonable.
Laguna Street.
Q(IA LAGUNA, NE. CORNER OF McALLIS-
. u'l\J ter— Sunny housekeeping rooms, with or
without gas stove.
Larkin Street.
Cl Q LARKIN-FRONT ALCOVE ROOM,
ci-1 with kiicben ; a.so back roomaud kitchen;
'single.
Leavenworth Street.
99,-. LEAVENWORTH — LARGE, UNFUR-
*~a- nisbed, b y-wlndow, sunny, alcove room;
$12; American family.
Slarket Street.
LARGE FRONT ROOM: AISO SUNNY
housekeeping. 1065 Market, opp. Jones.
Mason Street.
4]q mason — NICE LV furnished,
xt i O sunny rooms; also light housekeeping.
■Jf*. . MINNA, BET. FIFTH AND SIXTH—
fxuu 5 unfurnished rooms; also cottage.
• *.4f. £ ll £ — FURNISHED sUNNY ROOMS
_»_;_• for housekeeping: large yard.
Montgomery Street.
rnn MONTGOMERY, COR. CLAY - OPEN
_#__■ I until V:3 o'clock: branch office ox Tub
C *_.__; subscriptions and want ads taken.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS — Continued.
Mission Street.
Xf'-J MISSION, NEAR SECOND — LARGE
«'' » i front room, wiih use of kitchen: cheap rent.
QQQ MISSION —FRO Vf SUNNY ROOM, $10.
000 also single and housekt-eplne.
Nu 1 0111 a Stine..
tt X NATOMA-1 SUITE OF HOUSEKEEP-
-000 Ing rooms; 1 single room: rent $10 and $4
per month.
1 _ * k street.
pi 9 POLK- HOUSEK ■■ ROOMS. UN-
<>A__ lurnished or furnished; large sunny rooms;
gas; bath; yard.
iQiii POLK— .. URSIMIKD ROOM; ALSO 1
I m. I U large unfurnished for housekeeping, 2
closets; gas; grate.
i ost Street.
Al fl POST (AUDITORIUM)— NICELY FUR-
-41 _» nished sunuy rooms; en suite and single.
Sausome Streec.
Q-I p SANSOM X- NICELY FURNISHED
OID rooms, $3 and up: also housekeeping.
Shotwell Street.
_TQ|-_ BHOTWFLL— 2 FURNISHED HOUSE-
£.O\J keeping rooms; sun; bath: grate: cheap.
M_ili Sireet.
1 1 C A SIXTH, COR. "MINNA-.. OR 4 FINE
110 sunny rooms, furnished complete for house-
keeping, with use of piano.
1 ii I HANDSOMELY' FURNISHED
A -_. _: rooms for housekeeping; suites and single
rooms.
■ Shotwell Street.
a On SHOTWELL-3 FINE SUNNY HOUSE
<J I keeping rooms; closets; bath; water free;
$10. :•* V
South I'ark.
TH SOUTH P ARK - HOUSEKEEPING
1 -» rooms suitable for husband and wife or gen-
tle men: sun all oav. ff;- ■-.
39 SOUTH PAKK-2 SUNNY' ROOMS NICE-
OZ. ly furnished for housekeeping.
Third Street.
-I AO THIRD ST.-SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
J _t»5 rooms, complete; also doub.e rooms; bath,
gas. '....: .
=•1 Q THIRD, COR. SOUTH PARK-HOUSE-
OXO Keeping rooms: lauge and running water.
\«i: Net,-. Avenue.
-rv/. VAN NESS AYE. — NICELY FUR-
. UD nished rooms, housekeeping privileges.
Oil VAX NESS-2 NICELY FURNISHED
tjlA rooms; complete for housekeeping; $15;
other rooms.
Washington Street.
90 WABHINGTO .-— HOUSEKEEPING
\A —\J rooms: newly papered; $4 per mon h.
KOOMS TO LET.
Eddy Street.
-ill EDDY-NICELY' FURNISHED ROOMS;
11- from and back parlor: reasonable rent.
'.07 EDDY— COMFORTABLE ROOM; 1 OR 2
«J U I gentlemen; gas; bath; low rent; private
family.
QQA EDDY— LARGE SUNNY FRONT PAR-
OO- lor, neatly furnished: rent reasonable. .
Ul L! EDDY— ELEGANT PARLOR FLOOR;
Die nnfurnlshed; bath; hot and cold water;
good location.
Ellis Street.
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 ELLIS — INCAND _"*-
-cent lights In every room: reading-room, con-
taining daiiy parers; " smoking- room and ladies'
parlor; open all night: rooms per night. 85c 10
$1 50: week, $2 to $8: montb. $S to $30; fire es-
capes: elevator on office door; annex of 65 rooms
now ready -.not and cold water in each room: vat.is.
rrHE RAMONA, 130 ELLIS, MRS. KATE S.
1 HaRT. manager— A quiet hou-e: centrally lo-
cated: newlyfurnished: eievator; hoi A cold water.
SUNNY ROOM WITH closet; use OF
0 bath: rem *5. 721 Ellis SU
Filth street.
THE. COSMOPOLITAN" — SELECT FAMILY"
hotel: 100 Fifth St., cor. Mission: rooms
60c, 75c and $1 per ui?ht $2 10 $5 per week.
q9' FIFTH- CLEAN, FURNISHED HOUSE
OaZO keening: 1, 2. 3, 4, $7 np; single, .5.
Franklin street.
91 C FRANKLIN— 1 A..01. FRONT UNFUR-
—AO nished Oay-window room.
Eighth Street.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE. 28 STH
C-* St., near Market; lurnished and unfurnished.
lulkom Streei.
1 ..... F OLSOM, COR. SEVENTH— NEATLY
x\J\JA. furnished rooms; private family.
Fourth Street.
"31 <_ FOURTH— ELEGANT SUNNY' FUR-
-01 nUbe-i rooms: single and double; $1 *5 a
week and up.
Gearv Street.
91 C GEARY"— ROOMS; SUITE OR
UIO single; fo ding-beds If desired; reasonable.
OKA GEARY, COR. POI.K-sUnNY, NEWLY
.'_» \J furnished front rooms; lamily two: for
gentlemen.
Golden Gate Avenue.
.97 GOLDEN GATE AYE.— 2 NICELY FUR.
Omm I nished sunny rooms.
1 r\(\Q «OLDEN GATE A YE.— FURNISHED
A u\ju and nnfurnlshed rooms: private family.
Grove Street.
90 GROVE-SUNNY FURNISHED ROOMS
*-0 for gentlemen or man and wife; no cooking.
Harrison Street.
7qq HARRI-ON — 3 FURNISHED ROOMS
I OO for housekeeping, with yard; rent $13.
Howard Street.
£9qHOWARD-NI___LYFURNISHED SUN-
\jAmO ny rooms; single and double; gas and bath.
Hunt Street.
qi HUNT ST„ OFF THIRD-NICE, CLEAN
Ox furnished rooms; 50c we.k and up.
tlesaie Street.
gig JESSIE ST, NEAR FOURTH — WELL
"AO furnished rooms; suitable for one or two;
reasonable.
-Jon.- Street.
907 JONES— THE VAN WINKLE. NEW
—_» I management; elegant snnny suites and
single; newly furnished: batb, etc ; $10 10 $30.
Kearuy Street.
ARLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY —
1 A Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first
class in ever/ respect: term* reasonable.
TV-RW AVENUE HOUSE, 904 KEARNY ST.,
X.A corner Jackson— single rooms 16, 20, 25. 50
cents per night: special rates per week or month.
l.vi kin Street.
41 9 LARKIN — FLAT OF 6 ROOMS AND
-t 1 __ baih for resp ctabie people only.
Ql 7 LA R KIN — NICELY FURNISHED
"II large sunny front rooms.
101 < . 1 -t-A-RKIN-SDNNY FRONT ALCOVE
A-\JXKJ'* room. $12; suitable light housekeeping.
Maiket Street.
1097 MARKET, NEAR SIXTH - ELE-
I "._- I cantlv furnished rooms: private family:
rate reasonable.
10- . MARKET - NICELY FURNISHED
AX). Osoltes or single, from $1 50 to $6 per weec
■ycSKMIIE HOUSE. 1045 MARKET-PEK
A night, $35 to $1 ; week, $1 60 to $5; families.
1 Q9K MARKET-FURNISHED AND UN-
AU.m\J furnished rooms for housekeeping.
Minna Street.
A\Q MINNA FRONT ROOM AND KITCHEN
rtXU furnished for housekeeping, first floor.
4qi MINNA, BET. FIFTH AND SIXTH—
"OA Nicely furnished front rooms; $6 a month
and up; hot and cold wa.er bains.
Gun MINNA. COR. EIGHTH— NEWLY FUR-
yfyj I uished bay window rooms: $1 a week.
Mission Street.
HANCOCK HOUSE, 781 MISSION-. SELECT
family rooming-house: $1 60 to $6 per week.
1 I_J ft c MI sSION, NEAR SEVENTH-COM-
XX TU fortable room. $3 and $4 a month.
Octavia Street.
140**. OCTAVIA, COR. GEARY-TWO CON-
-1 J-\.iO necting bay-window rooms or kitchen if
desired; $18. : _g*!-s_s|
Olive Avenue.
nO OLIVE AYE., OFF POLK AND ELLIS—
A A -ft Nice furnished sunny front room; rent
cheap
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1897.
ROOMS TO Continued.
Fine Stree.. _ *-•'.'•;
/'9l PINE-ROOMS FOR GENTLEMEN;
VJ— X. also use of kitchen for man and wife. ::t - .
7, ft PINE-SUNNY FRONT ALCOVE
I 1 _» room: suitable for 2 gents or couple.
Post Street.
I£l P POST— 3 SUNNY COMPLETE FUR-
l"I" nlsbea housekeeping rooms: rent $15.
Towel I Street.
99- POWELL ST., OUR. GEARY'; 1 LARGE,
— — sunny corner room; nicely furnished.
Ur ILLISFORD — 212-21* POWELL— NEWLY"
'• furnished rooms.
&1 A POWELL-2 NICE SUNNY SINGLE
o±\J rcoms for gentlemen.
Ettoml Street.
37 SECOND - WEBB HOUSE: ELEG ANT
* furnished rooms. MRS LINDSAY', Prop.
CO SECOND-DOUBLE R- OM PER WEEK
O— $1 50 to $3: single, $ 1 to $1 50; per day _;5c
and 50c.
1 I C SECOND— NICE SUNNY FRONT RMS.;
A 1 O $1 50 to $2 50 per week.
sixth street.
Iqi SIXTH -RUNNY FRONT SUITE OF
I O'i rooms: reasonable.
00 SIXTH -QUIET SUNNY ELEGANT
-»_» rooms; all conveniences; fireproof building.
1 OR SIXTH — CHEAPEST IN THE CITY";
1 AmO turulshed sunny front rooms.
Silver Street.
OQ SILVER — LARGE SINGLE SUNNY
00 front room; reasonable.
be. emu Stree..
"J 49 SEVENTH ST.. GIRARD HOUSE-ELE.
Art mm gant furn. suites, kitchen: also single rooms
Silver Street.
OA SILVER — THREE LARGE SUNNY
OU rooms upstairs, $8; three large rooms down-
stairs, $7.
Stockton MWSi.
THE EUROPEAN, 17 STOCKTON— FUR-"
nished suites from $* to $10 a week; single
rooms, $1 -0 to $3 a week; hot and cold water In
every room: baths: transient specialty: elevator.
Sutter Street.
A 9fi SUTTER. NR. POWELL — HAND-
rx.—\) somely newly furnished light, sunny
rooms and offices: bath: central; reasonable; ap-
preciated if seen by doctor.
Taylor Street.
1 fIQ TAYLOR ST.— hIN'Gl-E ROOMS; $1
AvO and $1 25 per week.
y — .
Tenth Street.
1 AQ TENTH— LARGE RAY-WINDOW SUN-
X\JO ny room: running water: with batb; suit-
able for one or two gentlemen; $10 per month.
. mid Stree:.
m third— nice .Furnished front
room; suitable for gruilemen; $10 month.
Turk Street.
Ol A TURK— BAY- WINDOW SUITE: NEW
_> A c/ furni. ure; private tamily ; en suite or single.
X J'* TURK-SINGLE FRONT ROOM; GAS
OrXO and bath; $6: private fami.y.
\ kii Ncsa Avenue.
1-iOl VAN NESS, COR. BUSH-SUNNY
I -tcf A parlor suite, with private oath; telephone
Miacel laneoua.
SW. COR SIXTEENTH ST., NEAR MISSION:
0 branch ottice of Thk Call, subscriptions and
want ads tak. n.
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
PLEASANT HOME WITH REFINED F_\M-
iiy, lor child. 1767 McAllister st.
119 EDDY— LOVELY, SUNNY" ROOM FOR
"A A — '> with board: $20 each: smaller room, $16.
7 At; VAN NESS AYE. — FIRST -CLASS
I \J\J board and rooms: lowest price.
1 -V. 0 CALIFORNIA-ACCOM AT
1 0— \f for 3 young men, with good board; terms
moderate.
997 GEARY — NICKLY FURNISH ROOMS
«_— I en suite or single; -class table; excel-
li nt service.
719 POST-NICK SUNNY" ROOM WITH
I- board, suitable for two young men.
THE VICTORIA, NW. C .R. CALIFORNIA
Land Hyde— Newly furnished rooms: suite or
single: first-class board: terms reasonable.
C A I LEAVENWORTH — >UNNY CORNER:
CUL suites, single; excellent table: rates mod.
t*.ftO VAN NESS AYE.- HANDSOME PAR-
-o\)m. lor sunny suite: board optional.
A A SIXTH i.T.— THE MANCHESTER; ELE-
TT gant furnished sunny rooms; tine table board.
HOTEL BKRTLING. 714 Bl SH-A FAMILY'
hotel: refrredces: all modern conveniences.
STORKS TO LKT.
SjOF; STORE 3 ROOMS; LIGHT CELLAR.
_.«- O. 1 128 Howard st., near Seventh.
OOA HAVES— PART OF FINE STORE FOR
Omm \J rent; suitable for millinery.
41 (' FOURTH— STORE WITH ROOM
TAU In rear; low rent. Appiy to G. H. UMBSEN
A CO., 14 Montgomery st.
BARBERSHOP. WITH BATHS: ESTAB-
lished 16 year,: $18 per month; key at' 639
Second st.
carpenters bop: $7 per month. 5Ee Boom St.:
key at 539 Set ond st,
P. umbing-shop; $d per month. 3 Deßoomst.:
key at 539 Second st.
Corner store, 531 Second st.; $14 per month:
key at 639 Second st.
AT LOW RENT-PART OF STORK AND
£V ba-emt-nt. 324 Post st.
■^^ —___,
OFFICES TO LET.
MODERN AIRY CORNER SUITE; SUlT-
i»i able professional cr high-class trade. 410
Kearny st.
1 SOfi MARKET NEW, L ROE. SUNNY
I d CO front ofli e-rooms; all modern.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AT SHERMAN, CLAY A CO.'S ONLY WILL
__c you find a stock of new steinway pianos
ACTUALLY THE BEST BARGAINS IN
£*. pianos; see our Ist for this week: pianos on
$3, $4. »5, $_. $7. $8. $9, $10, $16. $20 monthly
payments: fine stool and cover with each; deliv-
ered free anywhere in the city and kept tuned by
expert concert tuners. The F. W. SPENCER Co
Salesrooms, 933 Market st., opp. Mason.
OUR RENT CONTRACT PLAN ENABLES
every family to have a fine new piano. SHER-
MAN, CLAY A CO., Kearny and Sutter sts.
ABSOLUTELY THK OLDEST AND LARGEST
house west of Chicago is KOHLER A
CHASE'S, 26, 28 and SO O-Farrell st.; pianos, or-
gans and all other musical Instruments, of all
grades and price.: terms easy: prices loweu
everything possible (1.11. 10 _.!»____ __uu satisfy iv.
customer.
HY PAY REN l' FOR A PIANO WHEN
the same mon'hly payments will purchase
oue at SHERMAN, CLAY A CCS.
I .ON A FIDE REDUCTION" IN PRIOEB-
X) Haines. Knabe, Bush A Gerts and others: sec-
ond-hand pianos from $100 up. W. C. HAMIL-
TON, successor to A. la. Bancroft A Co., 324 , out.
HE BEST PIANOS OF EVERY GRADE
from steinway down, can be found at SHER-
MAN, CLAY A CO.'S.
ADMINISTRATOR'S BALK - MUM' SELL I
> Tt* pianos at Immense reduction for casb or on
ins ailments. EATON ESTATE, 735 Markeu
U. ANO- SOLD AT SHERMAN, CLAY A CO. 'S
A on very easy payments.
GOOD UPRIGHTS $126, _150 AND $175-
I square $65: call soon. MaUVals MUslc
COMPANY. 769 Market st.
BARGAIN — fine LARGE upright-
che p. SCHMITZ. 10 McAllister st., next to
Hibernia Bank.
LEGANT $500 UPBIGHI SACRIFICED-
must be sold at once. 833 Castro st.
ELEGANT WEKER AND STEINWAY; OR-
dered sold at once. 809 market st., room 12.
IfINEUPRIGHT PIANO; CASH OR INBTALL-
A menis- Address Bargain, box 99, this office.
<n*l_m A GOOD 7-OcTAVK UPi.IGHT; FINE
Km>o\f. condition: ssinstallmta22lLeavenworth.
OKNUNG'S PI.NO; MOST PERFECT;
brilliant »nd powerful tone. . 216 Post st. :
Ul ... BADGER SO..E A' ENT FORHALLKT
.A Davis and Francis Kaoon pianos. 415 sacto.
•ft lOH A WALNUT UPRIGHT. STOOL
tIpXyJK). scarf. Bruenn's Piano-house. 228 Post.
A SHAW. STEINWAY $260. CHICKERING
$185; great bargains. s4 mo HEINE. I 36 EPij.
YRON MAIZY. 308 P-.ST ST.— sOHMER,
N cwby A Evans. Briggs and other pianos.
SUPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS, OLD& NEW
O H. MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
EDUCATIONAL. /
LUCKHARDT -.COMBINED ASSAY OFFICE
and school of Instruction (incorporated);
PkA TICa.. and INDIVIDUAL instruction in
the latest improved methods In assaying, analysis,
electroplating. CYANIDE process, etc.; SPECIAL
ATTENTION given to caiefui a say and analysis
of ores, waters, etc. 26 O'Farrell su: elevator.
A SCHOOL OF PHYSICAL CULTURE AND
Elocution. 1215 Ociavia st., San Francisco,
MISS ELIZA MA- KINTOSH. pupil of Professor
G. W. Baynham, Glasgow, Scotland, and cradu -to
of the school of oratory, PblUdelph.a, Pa.,
teacher, i fiice days, Tuura. and Sat. p. m.
EALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST-
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, telegraphy, languages. English branches,
electrical engineering: '10 teachers; 15,000 gradu-
ates; day and evening sessions; catalogue.
AY-RES', THE LEADING COLLEGE 32.
Montgomery St.; individual instruction la
shorthand, typine. bookkeeping, telegraphy, eta -
lite scholarship $50: low rates per week and ma.
STAMMERING, LISPING, ALL IMPERFEC-
Iions of speech, positively cured: voice build-
ing, individual instruction: references from best in
California. PROF. K. S. DAVIS. 1508 Markeu
Ojl T\ COMPLETE COURSE, SHORTHAND
0 X O. and typewriting (Pitman or Graham) by
Eastern law stenographer; day or evening instruc-
tion. 18161 Post st.
TIEHL'S SHORTHAND AND BUSINESS
College. 933 Market su; students trained: office
situations secured ; lowest rates or credit for tuition.
I A NO, VIOLIN, MANDOLIN, GUITAR,
banjo, 50c per lesson. MME. PHCENIX, 622
Clay 8... room 20.
LOCUTION AND DRAMA; I ARTE
thoroughly taught; appearances arranged; 1 to
-P.M. OLiVE HOFF-SCHROi-DER, 299 Hyde sU
ELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R 5 and 12, 1.0.0. F. block, 7th and Mku
ENGINEERING SCHOOL; MECH., BLEU,
U ClvU. mining, survey, assay, archlu. X ray
l«ugu.:es.lB64. A. VAN DER NAILLEN, 723 Mitt
ÜBSCBIPTIONS AND WANT ADS FORTHE
Call taken at branch office, 339 Hayes st.;
open until 9:30 o'aluck.
lANO LESSONS AT PUPIL'S HOME; 50c;
best ref. B. F. . box 76, Call Office.;
SPANTSH.FKENCH.Ltc_: Prof. Dk FILIPPE'S
Academy of Languages, 32o Post st:esiab'd 1871
SINGING, PIANO; PARIS GRADUATE;
French, Herman languages: $2 mo. 109 '1 ayior.
EO COOPER'S SCHOOL OF ACTING, DaNC-
ing, voice, pantomime, stage. 814 Geary su
BANJO, PIANO. MANDOLIN AND GUITAR
thoroughly tanght; lessons 50c. 125 Tenth su
ROF. L. KAN KIN — VIOLIN. MANDOLIN,
X maudola; terms reasonable. 225Geary,nr. Powell
GI.TIAR, MANDOLIN. PiANo AND VoC__.i.
lessons. $3 mo. Mary Westhaus, 39 Fifth.
OOKKPNG. WRITNG, AKITHMIC. GRAMR
day & night: norla«»e.; $5 month. .-.-tr. Mission.
MEDICAL.
A SURE. SAFE AND SPEED* CURE FOR
all female diseases; ladies may have the bene-
fit of the skill and attention of a physician of long
and successful practice. A home In confinement
with b-st care, with the privacy of a home and the
conveniences ofa hospital. Those wbo are sick or
discouraged should call on thedoctorand slate their
case. All consultation free and confidential. Sole
agent Rex Magnus, the great world-ienowed rem-
edy for home treatmenu MRS. DR GWYER
226 Turk su
R J. H.JOSSELYN, THE GREAT SPECIAL-
Ist, still offers his valuable services io .h - un-
fortunate, wi.h a mind matured and enriched by
studies of an advanced order, there is hardly a
disease In the catalogue of human ills he cannot
treat to a pei feci cure. Laities, he is always ready
to assist yon. His Knowledge has been strength-
ened by extensive experience. No case peculiar
to your delic te organism Is be ond his sure con-
trol. His female monthly remedies are sure aud
sate In their effects. H a tried and valuable reme-
dies for lost manhood are never-falling ln their
action, and are warranted tor both young and old.
He excels all others 1 . cure of private diseases.
Over 50 years of practice enables him to warrant
a cure in all cases. Consultation parlors, 906
Market su Call or write direct to 906 Market su,
rooms 11 and 12.
A LL CASE-. OF MONTHLY SUPPRESSION
j\. (from whatever caus ) restored in a few
hours: safe and sure at any time; Instant relief for
travelers; home In confinement: best care and
privacy; regular physician; 30 years' successful
practice: my celebrated rrmed.es for monthly
suppression never fal : medical electricity for ail
fema c comp aims: every case guaranteed: con-
sultation free, confiden ial; hours .0 to 5. MRS.
DR. WYETH, 916 Post su, near Larkin.
A PROCESS THAT IS PERFECTLY HARM-
less; never falls In any case of monthly sick-
ness, no motter what cauie; no elec ricity hum-
bug or other dangerous methods: money In every
case refunded if a cure Is not effecied: travelers
helped Immediately; years' experience: home In
confinement with sanitarian convenience. Con-
sult free the only reliable physicians, DR. AND
MRS. ha VIES, 14 McA.lisier next Hibernia
Bank: hours, 9 A. m. to 5 and 7 to 8 P. it. •
A PROCESS THAT NEVER FAILS TO RE-
store every case of monthly sickness from
whatever cause in a few hours when medicines
and others bave failed; no Instruments used:
many years' experience: every case guaranteed;
advice free: terms reaaonable; first-, private
home for confinement. MRS. DX. DAuEY, Xxii
Market su, over ihe Owl Draz Store.
ANEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU-
metit or worthless pills used; every woman
berown physician lor al female troubles, no matter
from what cause: restores always in one day;can be
sent and used at borne; ail cases guaranteed : do
not trust Incompetent female physic. ana DR
POPPER, the we i own pioneer, 318 Kearny su
DR FOULETS FRENCH CAPSULES -
guaranteed absolute cure for all female dis-
eases (no matter what cause): positively safe and
sure, no daug or after effects; taken in lime it
also acts as a preventive: price $1 60 per box;
tent free by mail on receipt ut prices WALLER
BROS. 33 Grant aye. ■;.:■ r*> ■
DR. AND MRS. WEGENER 626 EDDY ST.;
private home with every comfort: separate
rooms before and during confinement; all female
complaints skillfully treated; regular physician;
quick relief for tiaveiers; best care; terms moder-
ate; consultation free: pills $2.
DKS. GOODWIN. SPECIALIST: LADIE .
near or fur, safe, qu.ck cure guaranteed: any
disease; home for patients: best skill; free diagno-
sis: low lees: set cure. 401 Van Ness aye., flat D.
A THE PEOPLE 'SONE DOLLAR MEDICAL
2*. Institute all cases treated and medicines fur-
ii shed for *1 ; callorwr.ie. 10291 _51 rketsu,
Leu Sixth and Seventh, san I _____ac-, Cal.
DX. AND MRS RAY' — SPECIALISTS IN
female diseases: Irregularities restored with-
out fsil; no instruments: safe and sure private
home: infallible pills; regular physician. 51 Fifth.
.2 '".Hf. FA ID FOR A CASE I FAIL TO CURE
OcJUU of female complaints or disease . of the
eye; consultation free. MRS. DR.SCOTI, . 0 Geary
DU PEAK'S FEMALE REGULATING PILLS;
safe and efficient emmenaeogue: $1 per box.
RICHARDS <__CO.,drnggi3t_. 406 Clay si., sole
LPEAU'S FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TO
ladles with female troubles: no danger; safe
and sure; $2 60 express c. O. D. don't delay until
too late. OSGOOD BROS., Oakland, CaL
DON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
his museum, 1061 Market su: his 30 years'
successful practice Is a guarantee of fair treatment
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by maiL
HOME, A FRIEND AND MOTHER'S CARE.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Eighth su, Alameda.
IF IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE DISEASE
see MRS. DR. PUETZ and be content. 'ibO/. **•>>.
I iR. HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET. NEAR
X) Jones. Diseases of women and children.
FOR .SALE-MISCELEANEOUS.
FRESH DURHAM CoW; THIRD CALF; 20
quarts rich milk; gentle. 1312 Folsom st.
SI ft DOMESTIC.MACHINE IN GOOD OR-
' ' '. der: all attachments. 2437 Mission au,
near Twenty -first su • ''""' "-^
/CARPENTER'S CHEST OF TOOLS; COST
V / $12 5; for sale cheap. 987 Mission su
VICE COUNTER AND -SHELVING COM-
■*■' plete for saloon use. 21 1% Ninth sU
FAMILY HORSE, PHaE ON AND HAR-
ness for sale, cheap. 1212 Golden Gate aye.
THOROUGH HARFORD CoW; VERY
gentle; 14 quarts a day. 3-38 Encinal aye.,
High-st. station. Alameda.
ST. BERNARD PUPS; PRIZE; PEDIGREE;
O stock: sire, champion, Grand Master; dam,
first prize. Beauty; perfect color and markiu.s.
312V4 Fulton si.
YEW ELM WOi»D RANGES ARE THE BEST.
AT W. & RAY MFG. CO, 12 California su
i j OILER.. .ENGINES, -D-HANI- MACHINERY
1) water-pipes. Mcintosh A Woipman, 137 Beala.
. ARS, BACK BARS, MIRROR;.. SHOW-
» ' cases, counters, linoleum, office furniture,
store and office furniture aud fixtures, new and
second hand. J. N» ONAN, 1017-1019-. 0-1-
Mission s.*, above Sixth.
BARS, SCALES. MIRROR-, FRENCH
ranges, etc.. bought, sold. MEEK, 1118 Mission.
NATIONAL CA..H REi.I-.TKR GOOD OR-
Ll der; also large folding-door safe. 8 Mission su
COFFEE MILL SCALES. LETT PRESS,
stand desk, money ill, sate; cheap. 102 Clay.
ARS, SHOWCASES. COUNTERS. BHKLV-
-. ing, etc., i ought and sold. 1063 Mission, nr.7ih.
ONE SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE-SIZE
fire and burglar proof safe. 109-111 Market au
PHYSICIANS." —— —
T»R C. C. O'DONNELL, 1206 MARKET, REB.
XJ 2864 25th st. ; diseases of women a specialty.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
TrOR SALE ON EASY TERMS-MODERN
-I houses on Masonic aye. and Waller st.: house,
contain salon parlors, dining-room, billiard-room
aud 6 large bedrooms, bath, kitchen and laundry;
rooms beautifully decorated; sun in every room:
see them to-day. Take Balgbt or Eli is street car,
feet off at Masonic aye.; owner on premises.
Tftftfi $4000. $4000.
TUUU. On easy terms; $500 cash, laiance
monthly installments; new 2-story modern house
of 6 rooms and bath; California sU. near 6tli aye.
Owner on premises or a iplv to sHAINWAiD.
BUCKBEE <fc CO., 218-220 Montgomery st., Mills
building.
4 1 INVESTMENT— NEW FIATS JUST BE-
ing completed on Fulton su. near Lyon: ex-
amine them and be convinced, house open to-day.
DAN EINSTEIN, owner and builder, 630 Mar-
ket st.
Yf ODERN HOUSES BY COMPETENT BUILD-
-IVL ers; will take part payment in unimproved
property. G., 4Vi Web ter St.
CO 1 ftli HOUSE OF 5 ROOMS; $15110,
Oiiy". house of 8 room $1500, cottage of a
rooms, within 15 minutes' walk of ferries; most
liberal terms. F. A. BERLIN, room 416, Safe De-
po ii building.
-____-{)__ FOR ALE OR EXCHANGE.
ttprtKJKJK). New cottage on 23d sve. East Oak-
land; 6 rooms and bath: high basement; brick
touudauuu; bay windows: lot 52x160.
G. H. UMBSEN _fc CO..
14 Montgomery sf.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
rri HOUSES AND LOTS,*! FKOM Sf_oif~TO
OK) $28,000: 100 ranches, every where.
H. C. DECKER 1020 Market st., opp. Fifth.
OEND FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
~ tor sale. W«iO<TEK * WHTTTOV. s, n .Ins*
PROPERTY WANTED.
\\"Hat"h^V__^YOU TO~_£__C_lX-^E~F_i__
IT equity ln fine Oakland house * Prefer ranch,
vacant lots or gooa mining stocks. C. MONROE,
24 Market St.. i>an Fran, isco.
MONEY TO LOAN.
A LOANS ON FURNITUHE OR PIANOS,
. in S. F., Oakland or Alameda, at lowest rates:
without removal: no commissions: no delays.
J. NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission su, above Sixth.
telephone Jessie 41.
Cj'Jflfk f\Cl(\ AT 61 -'a PER CENT ON CITY
tip OUU. UUU real esiate; also Oakland -.estates,
life insurance, second mortgages, any sum. Man-
hattan Loan Ca, 10 Mil s building, ground floor.
HIGHLY RESPECTABLE AND PRIVATE
place to obtain the most liberal advances on
diamonds and jewelry at the very lowest rates.
Baldwin Jewelry Store. 948 Markeu
NY AMOUNT; IST, 2D|OR 3D MORTGAGES,
estates, undivided interests, real estate in pro-
bate: furniture and pianos without removal.
McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery at., room 8.
A— PRIVATE AND RESPECTABLE, WITH
very light interest, is the secret of our success.
cut-rate Loan Office, Flood building, .09 Markeu
IP.ECT ON YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO.
no removal: no delays: no commissions: low
Interest. Rm. 68. Donohue bidg, 1170 Markei su
ojoo^l inn A ' r bank rate-.* Ist and
,JJ>o_-_».UUU 2d mortgages, estates, rents, etc.:
lend as low as $50. 11. MURPHY, 628 Market su
WHY PAY HIGH INT. ON SMALL LOANS?
'» We loan at 65c interest per mo. on each $100
on 2d mortgage; any security. Gold, box 4, CalL
ON FURNITURE; VERY' LOW INTEREST;
no commission. SCRIBNER, 7 City Hall aye.
00,000 ON CITY AND COUNTRY PRoP-
c_s deny ; low rates. A. SCHILLER, 420 Cala.
I OANa ON REAL ESTATE; LOWEST KATE
1 of luteresU JAS.B.B' OOKS. 214 Pine, r 5B-59.
PKIVAIE PARTY' LOANS ON ANY GOOD
security :iow interest H.D., box 160, Ca1l Office.
MONEY TO LOAN ON REAL ESTATE: ANY
ill -mount WILLIAMS, 214 Pine su, room 3.
(gj-A IO $50,000; LOWEST KATE: lsT_fciiL>
OK) mortgage: tlat or instlmnU Dryden, 635 CaL
ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS JEW EcRY.ETC
Columbia Loan A > ollaieral Office, 9 i rani aye.
CHILDREN HOARDED.
MOTHER'S CARE: LIGHT SUNNY ROOMS;
wholesome food; ages 1 month up; low rates.
H. A., box 6u, Call Office.
INFANT TO CARE FOR; PRIVATE HOME
la confinemenu M., 210V__ Clipper st., S. F.
REFINED LADY WOULD LIKE ONE OR
two children to board: terms reasonable. Ad-
diess G., b«x 10, Call Office, Oakland.
DENTISTS. x
DR. J. J. LEEK. 1126 MARKET ST.; OPEN
evenings; Sundays till noon.
TIULL SET OF TEETH. $7: WARRANTED 6
X. years; painlesi ex raction: see our uew com' ins-
lion plate: thinnest, lightest, coolest plate made;
warranted 10 y<ars fillings. 50c; crowns, 43 0.
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS, 24 Sixth stree..
ipiRST-CLASS DENTISTRY; CHEAP; PAY-
X 1 able $1 week. CHAPMAN, 16th and Mission.
POSITIVELY" PAIN LER . EXTRACTION.
A DIU HARDING, 500 Sutter: tei. main 5376.
CHALFANT A CHALFANT. MOVED FROM
8 Mason to 119 Powell: bridgework aspeclalty.
C.OLTON DENTAL ASt-OCIA TION, «06 JilAi;-
-> ket st. DR CHARLE . W. DECKER.
•JJj*7 A SET FOR TEETH- WARRANTED Ai
0 ■ good as can be made: filling $1 DR .IMM\
dentist, 930 Market su, next Baldwin Theater.
PAINLESS EXTRACTION, 50c; CROWN
bridge work a specialty: plates $5 up: lSveari
experience. R. L. WALSH, D.D.__., 815*4 Geary.
DR. LUDLUM HILL 1443 MARKET ST., NR
XJ Eleventh; no charge lor extracting wbeu
plates are made: old plates made over like new; -
teeth from $8 per set: extracting 60c; gas given.
SET OF 'lEKi H ITiioL'i' A'fl_A'l'H_ DR.
H. G. Young. 1841 Polk s_
( BROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 M AS-
J keu beu 3d and 4th; gas specialists; palnlets
extracting, with gas, $1; plates. $5 up: fill, $1 up.
DR GEORGE W. LEEK, THE GENUINE
Leek dentist, discoverer ot painless extraction
and patentee of Improved bridge work or teem
without any plate, moved from 6 to , FarrelUt.
ALL WORK REASONABLE AND WAi_7
ranted. DR J. W. KEY. 1122 Market su
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS _ THB
-rL WEEKLY" CALL, ln wraoner. for mailing.
LEGAL NOTICES.
VrOTICKOi'EXKCCTRIX'S SALE OF REAL
-_» Estate— Notice Is hereby given that, pursuant
to an order of the Superior Court of ihe State of
California in and for the county of Los Angeles,
duly given, made ai.d entered on the 12th day of
May, A. D. 1896, and an order duly given made
and entered therein on the SJth day of January.
1897, shortening time oi notice, in the matter of
the estate of CHARLES N. HA SBoN, deceased,
No. 1143 of the files and i ecords of said court, i he
pndersigned, MARION E. Has.- ON. as execu-
nx of the last will and testament of said
CHARLES N. HASSON. deceased, will, on or
alt* r the llth day of February, A. D. 1H97, and
within six months thereafter, sell at private sa
to the bigbes and best bidder at the right, title
and Interest which said CHARLEs n. Ha-Son,
d ceased, had at the time of bis death and whicn
said ate has acquired ln and to tba. certain real
proper y situate ln the City and County of Man
Francisco, State of California, and described a.
follows, to wit:
Commencing at a point on the southeasterly line
of Howard street, distant three hundred and fllty-
five (355) >eet sou hwesterly from the sou hwest-
erly line of Fourth sire t, running thenu- sou fa-
westerly along said -iue of Howard street, ;orty-
five (45) feet, hence southeasterly parallel with
lounhstre eUhtv-flve (85) feet, thence north-
easterly parallel with Howard street, forty-five
(45) feet, thence northwesterly eighty-rive (8.)
le t to the point of commencement, being a por-
tion of one hundred vara ioi No. 130 of said city
and County.
And also that certain real proDert - situate in
the city of Los Angeles, county of Los An.eles.
State of Cnllfor la, described as follows, to wit:
Lot nineteen (19), block D, Morris Vineyard
Tract, in said city of Los Ange-es.
Lot twenty (20) In bock two (2). Washing on
Garden Tracu in said city of Los Ange es.
Lot twenty-two (22), block two ( ), Washington
Garden 'l ract, in .aid city of Los An eles.
And also ihe north -riy six.y (60) feet of iot
three (3;, block seventeen (17), Ord's survey of
the ci y of Los Angeles, .ouny of Los An-
geles, S.a'.e of Cal fornla, and being the north-
erly balf of said lot 3. now- being the property
of the estate of sad CHA.-Lt. .-. N. Has ON,
deceased, the said real property to be sold pur-
suant to said order and the same will be so.d in
separate lots, parcels or tracts, or parts of said iota,
parcels or . raois.
The terms of said sale will be cash iv lawful
mouey ot the United state-, on confirmation of
sale, or one-third thereof In cash on co .tirinatiou
of sale, one-third on or before six months, and one-
third on or btt .ire twelve months from .h d te of
sa c. all defe rrd payments to be secured by note
or notes and mortgage or mortgages of the pur-
chaser or purchasers on the rein es aie sold, and to
bear interest at ihe rale of 9 percent per annum;
that oilers or bds In writing will be received by
. he undersigned at the office of Wa ter Hose, e.sq.,
entrance 100 m 2, 238 W. Firs, su, Redick b oc ..
ciiy ot . OS Angeles, county ot Los Angeles, state
of Calif rnia, or Messrs. Easton, Eldridge A Co.
to.. 1 - Markei su, san Francisco, Cal , for the pur-
chase of said property, and said bids may be let _
with Wai er Rose, Esq., Me-, rs Easion. Erdrloge
& Co. or the under "igned, at 631 south Spring su.
in the city of Los Angeles CaL
Dated this 30ih day of January, A. D. 1897.
MARION E. HASSON,
Executrix of the last will and testament ot
CHARLES N. 1 1 ASSON, deceased.
Waltkb Rose, Esq., rooms 1, 2, 3, R. dick block,
Los Aug les, CaL, attorney for executrix, or Bos-
ton. Eldridge <_. Co., 638 Market au, san Fran-
cisco, or .21 south Broadway, Los Angeies.
Dated February 2, 1897.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
T ANDS OF THE
ESTATE OF LELAND STANFORD, Deceased,
FOR SALE
BY ORDER OF
MRS JANE L. STANFORD, Executrix,
BY McAFEE BROTHERS,
BEAU ESTATE BROKER" ' /. *-V.
AND FIXANCI • L AGENTS
108 MONTGOMERY STREET.
REDLANDS. SAN BERNARDINO COUNTY,
the famous orange beit— The property known
as tue "Stillma:! Ranch." within the town
limits of Redlands acd only one mile
from the business center. surrounded
by the beauti-.ul orange groves and resi-
dences for which tbat p aie Is well known. The
property Is planted 16 acres in apricots and
peaches, 150 acres in granes, and also oranges, al-
falfa Hid grain: only a few hundr d feet from two
roads, winery and everything necessary f r
wine maklnc: a.l under irrigation. 1 his property
can be subdivided into tows lots or acre lots; total
acreage 2S2V_ acres. ,
CAN LUIS OBISPO COUNTY— PROP
0 erty known as the "McC'oppln Tracu"
containing 320 acres: two miles from
the town of San Luis Obispo; planted
in barley and hay: rich black soil; farm-
house, barn and other out-houses: suitable for
fruits aud vegetables; picturesque locality and
Hue climate. San Luis Obispo is on the coast line
of railroad which will soou be completed through
to Los Angeles ana be the choice scenic overland
route.
TEHAMA COUNTY'— PROPERTY KNOWN
as the "Copeiand Ranch," containing -000
acre-, adjoining the Vina vineyard, now belonging
to Stanford University. The Copeiand ranch was
used by Governor Stanford as a burse farm, and
every apjlian c for raising and traiulnir horses
exists there, including barns, paddocks, training
tracks and kindergarten, etc., with good duellings,
men's quarters, etc. ; the soil ls rich black riv r
bottom, covered with- hne oaks: the Sacramento
River forms the western border and is navigated to
th s ranch be s' earn boats: abui.daut water for irri-
gation from Deer Creek is distributed all over the
land; the selection of ibis tract by Governor Stan-
ford warrants us excellence as a horse farm.
TEHAMA COUNT PROPERTY KNOWN
as the '-shafer I racu" containing 240 acres.
on Leer Creek, about one mile from Copeiand
ranch; partially piauied In assorted fruits and
vineyard: all under irrigation; farmhouse and
stable, and all fenced.
McAFKE BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery st.
WHY PAY CASH FOR LAND WHEN YOU
can buy it without, and earn lt from the prod-
ucts oi the land ?
At a value of $20 per acre we have 160 acres ifa
a mile from railroad aod %of a mile from New
England Mill*, Station, and also 160 acres at Rock-
lin, Placer County, these are all good tillable
lands and are adapted for the production of the
finest wine grapes. No payments down, but pur-
chasers required t-> improve properties: interest*
from date of purchase, payable annually In ad-
vance; payments on the pur hase money to com-
mence 4 years fiom date, payable In annual pay-
ments. to be increased each year as the places are
Improved.
Also colony land— A tract of 3200 acres In Te-
hama County has been surveyed In. 40-acre lots
and will be sold at 915 to $20 per acre on terms of
1-5 down, the balance to be paid in ten annual In-
stallment at 5 per cent oo deferred payments. If
any one shout ; wish to purchase the whole of this
tract it will be sold for a small payment down on
the purchase price.
These three properties were taken in on mort-
gages, consequently are sold for halt their former
value
EDWIN' K. ALSIP <$_ CO, room 29* second floor,
Mills building.
SEND FOB ILLUSTRATED PAMPHLET OF
California lands for sale ov H. FRANCIS,
rooms 69-71, Chronicle building, san Francisco, Cal.
1 A-ACRE WELL IMPROVED F>RM NEAR
I " San Jose, $2200 See A. M. SPECK A CO.,
602 Markeu
BARGAIN — 26 ACRES CHOICK FRUIT,
hay, grain, winter vegetables, $25 per acre;
H.i acres rich soli, 4 flowing springs, $35 per acre,
near Pleasanton, Alameda County, call or write,
69 Columbian building.
RANCH BARGAIN: $5 PER ACRE; 1280
acres timber; plenty water: excellent stock
ranch : best part of Kern Co, 8., box 20, Call Office.
LITTLE HOMES CLOSE TO TOWN; im-
proved; easy terms: also 4 to 12 acre pieces
on 8 and 1 year.' credlu D. H. TWINO, So-
noma City: every Monday at 632 Market su, a F.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— oOB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
OUR OWN 5-ROOM COTTAGE (MODERN)
and lo for »950, payments to suit: fine lot for
$7 . $ cash, $5 monthly, adjoining East Oakland.
459 Ninth St., Oakland. H. Z. JONES. Owner.
__J1 ft() CASH AND $15 PER .. ON I H WILL
-l* A UK) secure modern 5-room cottage and barn
ou large lot: beauti gaid-n: Fruitvaie; price
9 1250 If taken soon: cost $1750. SAMUEL A
KNoWLh-*, 481 Ninth su, Oakland.
S.'.J-.f.f. »^K-NUID COTTAGE. 5 LARGE
tip _-_/_»_.. rooms; lot 40x128: s reet complete;
lawn ln front: line barn and gravel driv way.
HUGH M. CAMERON, 479 Ninth Oakland.
©7' TO $150 FOR CHOICE BUILDING
«p I O lots In the town of Fltchburg: a new sta-
tion established near Oakland, on the Haywards
and San Leandro local line, by the Southern Paciiic
Company; only 45 minutes from san Francisco
and 6 minutes from Oakland; eloctric-cars every
ew minutes: terms to suit buyers. Apply to
V. M RUNKLE, owner. _ils*V_i Washington sl
Oakland. CaL
OAKLAND ROOMS TO -LET.
TVTEATLY FURNISHED SUNNY FRONT
A' room, convenient to local train, by a widow
with own home. Address G., box 10. Call Oflice
Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
_-.T_A._-.T-_ KEAL F.T.T 
ATTENTION! — I HAVE SOME CHOICE
-TA. land near Pleasanton. Alameda County, which
I will sell for what it will brut,-; title perlect;
make an offer. B. s.. box 42, Call Office.
4 LOTS: 50x150 EACH. NORTH SIDE OF
san Jose aye„ beu Walnut and Willow; must
be sold; an offer wanted. T. F. BAIRD, 13u3
Park si., A ameoa.
. ARGAINS-830P R FOOT;LO IS ON NORTH
I ) side San Anionio aye., near Grand su
«] 250—50x150; --an Jos'* aye., nr. Willow sL
$1750—50x150 new modern house. A rooms
and bath; norm side of street; muse be sold at
once.
Many other sacrifices. -'..''
AL I MEDA LAN D CO..
1500 Park su. Alameda.
I.OST.
LOST, FEB. 6— BLACK BETRIEVER DOG:
collar with tag and part of seel ciain. i.e-
turn to A. P. ADAMs, 423 Washin. ton st., and
receive liberal reward.
IR SH SETTER BITCH; $5 Re WARD AT 901
Haight su and 125 Montgomery.
LOST— A LIITI.K CANVAS BAG CONTAIN-
ing valuable jewelry. A lloeral reward will
be given for lis return to 310 Pine s_, room 39.
LOST— BLACK LEATHER BAG CONTAIN-
J Ing $80 65, on Market St.; reward, li. C., box
32, Call.
LOST— BADGE: CALIFORNIA SCH UEI ZEN
C'L.b, 1890: >merican eagle, flag and shield.
Liberal reward to tinder at 809 Montgomery su
BRANCH OFFICE OFTHK CALL, 167 NINTH
su: want ad*, and subscriptions taken.
ATTORNEYS-AT-LAW.
ADVICE FREE: DIVOi.CE LAWS A B___EC-
laliy; private; no fee without success: probate,
Insolvency, Wilis, collections, bills of sale, deeds,
damages, etc.; private detectives: estab. 10 years.
G. W. HOWE, 850 -Market st, corner Stockton su
ADVICE FREE; NO CHARGE UNLESS SUC-
ctssful. W. W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market st.
I> W. KINO, ATTORNEY-AT-LAW, CHRON-
t. Ide building; advice free: lowfe s: all cases.
ADVICE FREE: No CHARGE UNLESS BUC-
cessfu.. J. G. JEFFR SS. 632 Market. rm.iH.
PROPOSALS.
-JVTOTICE — NOTICE IS HEREBY OIVEX
A . that I will on Monday, February 15, 1897, at 2
o'clock p. m., at the Ci unhou in Ynba City, But-
ter County, > at., receive sealed p qposal. for the
surrender of bo ds issued on Levee District No. 1
of .-utter County. ac< orrting to an act of the Leg-
is ature. approved April 9, 1.-80, to the amount of
eigh. thousand Aye hundred (sBsuo) dollars. No
bids above p. r win be accepted. All bonds must
accompany the bids L. J. COPr;,
_. , Tre surer of Sutter County, Cal.
Nba City, February 1, 1897.
; ___..-^ ~~ : ' ;r BICYCLES.
SH CON D-H A 1.-3 TANDEM-, $30 AND $90;
2 roadsters. $25 and .30 gooda new. Go.den
Rue Bazaar Bicycle Department, 25 Geary su
"V-EW sTEABNs BI YCLE, -ED 6 TIM
A. f rsale lor »30 If sold at once. 616 Geary st.
STORAGE.
REDUCED RATES, FURNiTUuK. PIANOS,
household gooJs, etc. J. M. PIERCE, 735 Mku
HORSES.
Aft HOKSES FOR SALE: ALSO WAGONS,
"" buggies, carts, harness: Grand Arcade ilorsi
Market, 327 sixths;, auction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN A DO» LX. Auctioneers.
*\ft HEAD OF HORSES SUITABLE FOR ANY
OK) mi . mess from 900 to 1500 pounds. O.d Turk-
sU cur stub. 1301 Turk; must be sold.
p./ Vii SET NEW AND SECOND-HAND 11AR-
u"" ness: all kinds: bugey.waeon, carta, surrey
_: rockawav. 40 cheap horses. 15th and Valencia.
C/Y HEAD DRIVINO AND WORK HORSES;
OKI weeht 1000 to 1700 bs. 802 Howard st.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
2 BUSINESS BUGGIES: 1 N W AND 1 SEC-
onj-hand: must be sold. 1202 Webster st.
LOR SALE-TEA, . OFFEE AND SPICE
F wagon. 1340 Turk st.
XTEW AND SECOND-HAND HA KER. LAUN-
x . dry and milk-wagon: also fine top buggy and
rockaway. 8-8 Harrison su
BUITHS— MARRIAGES— i>i_ ATIIS.
fßlrth. marriage and death notices sent by mall
will not be Inserted. They must be handed In a-
either of the publication offices and be Indorsed
with the name and residence of persons autnorueJ
to have the same published. ]
BORN.
LIN DENBAUM— February __, 1897, to the wife Of
N. Una en ban to, a daughter.
PRAGER— In this dty. February 5, 1897, to the
wife of Le-s Prag»r, a rtauvn'.er.
DIED.
Balm, Paulina Martin. Mary
Bones, Joseph Michalltschke, Louisa
Boskowltz. Belle Nunan, Rachel V.
Burke, James Peregrino, James
Dunn, Luke Ruggles, Mary A-
Eicbbaum. Madeline sears, Alinlra R.
Greaves. Henry Shedd, l-nrv P.
Hlncaley. Frederick W. Tilton. Joseph B.
Kelly, Patrick Trapp. John
Levy. Aaron N. Vliiaienor. Tomasa A.
Lynch, James H. Wilson. Augusta
Lynch, loretta Woods. Annie B.
McLaughlin, Mary Wulffing, constine
BALM— In this city. February 6. 1*97, Paulina,
beloved wife of Morltz balm, and sister of Rosa,
Samuel and David Bernstein, a native of Mitau,
Kurland.
43~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from ncr late resi-
dence, 1766 Ellis sireei. interment Horn-' of
Peace Cemetery, by train leaving Third and
Townsend streets at 11:30 o'clock a. m.-
BORIES— In Sacramento, February 6, 1897.
Joseph, beloved husband of Katuerlne Bories,
and father of Mrs. L. Sbueizer. Mrs. A. Jacobs,
Mrs. R. Sielamau, Mrs. H. Bruck and Mrs. __.
Stone.
BOSKOWITZ-In this city, February 7, 1897,
Belle, Infant daughter of C. J. and I_i_iu<_a Bos-
kowltz, aged 1 year 10 months and 2 days.
BURKE— In this clly. Fehruary 7, 1897. Jamas,
beloved husband of B. E. Burke, and father of
James J , Mamie, Peter, A. ice, Frank, Emma
and Annie BurKe, a native of County Galway,
Ireland. 54 years.
DUNN— in this city, February 7, 1897. Luke, hus-
band of Mary i-uuu, and brother of Mrs. J.
lirube. John Dunn and Mrs. F. Tavolara, a na-
tive of the city of Kilkenny, Ireland, aged 38
years.
EICHBAUM— In this city. February 6, 1897,
Madeline, beloved daughter of William P. and
Clara V. Eichbaum, a native of Brooklyn, N.Y.,
a-ed 15 years and 1 month.
Jfey Friends are resDeetfully Invited to attend
the funeral THIS DaY (Monday), at 2 o'clock
p. M., from Holy Innocents' Chapel, Fair Oaks
street, beiween Tweniy-flfth and Twenty-sixth.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
GBEa YES— In this city, February 5,1897, Henry,
dearly belovel husbanl of Sarah Greaves,
and lather of Harry, Edward, Alice and Eva
Greaves and Mrs. W. L. S.one, a native of Liv-
erpool, England, aged 56 years 4 months and il
days. [Liverpool and Belfast papers please
copy.
___~Tbe funeral will taks place THIS DAY
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock m.. from the par-
lors of Charles J. B. Meizler, 636 Washington
street, thence to St. Mary's Church, California
and Dupont streets, where a high mass will be
said at 4 o'clock a. m. sharp, for the repose of
his soul. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HINCKLEY— In Portland, Or., . ebruary 6, 1697,
Frederick XV., beloved husoand of Florence B.
Hi iculey, and son of D. U. Hinckley, a native of
California, aged 26 years 4 months anl 24 days.
X ELLY— In this city. February 5, 1897, Patrick,
belovel brother of Jan Kelley, a native or Ar-
in.i-.-h, County Armagn, Ireland, aged 74 years.
£__rFrieuds and acquaintances are respect-
fun.' invited to a. tend the funeral T'l^ DAY
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., fro .i his late
resident c, 117 Twenty- streeu thence to
Su Paul's Church, Twenty-ninth aud Church
streets, where a requiem hich mass will be cele-
brated lor the repose of his soul, commencing
,at 9 o'clock a. m Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery, by 10:50 o'clock a. m. train from Twenty
fifth and Valencia reels.
LEVY — In this city, February «. 1897. Aaron N.,
husband of Bona Levy, a native of St. Louis,
aged 54 years 7 months and 9 days.
LYNCH— In Oakland, February 7, 1897. James
Homer, beloved Infant of Eugene and Mary
Lynch, a native of Oakland, aged ii months and
10 days.
_K3~Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
ful y Invited to tend the inneral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 2 o'clock p. St., from the residence
of the parents, 702 Webtter aires.; luterinuu.
St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
LYNCH— In this eiiv. February 6, 1897. Loretta,
beloved and youngest daughter of John J. and
Jennie Lynch, a native of bau Francisco, ajed 2
year* 1 month and 17 daya
ay Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited toattend tne funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the resi-
dence of the parents, 677 Clementina sireeu
Interment Mouut Calvary Cemetery.
MCLAUGHLIN— Iu this city, February 7, 1897,
Mary McLaughlin, a native or County Down,
Ireland, aged 80 years.
MARTIN— in this city, February 6,1897, Mary
Martin, a native of Galway, ireiand, aged 76
years.
_____TThe funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m., from the resi-
denteof bis brother-in-law, James Joyce, 1114
Powell sireet, theuce to at. Mary's Church, cor-
ner Dupontand California streets, where a solemn
requiem high mats will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clocic
A. m. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
MICHALITSCHKE— In this City, February 6.
1897, Louisa, beloved wife of Anton Michal-
ltschke, and mother of Mrs. E. F. Gutschow and
Alma Micnalltschlre. a native of Neuwkirchen,
Switzerland, aged 49 years 8 months and 18
days.
4_T- Friends and acquaintances ara respect-
ful, invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 9 o'clock a. it., from her late resi-
dence, 2 10." California streeu tbence to Su
Mary's Cathedral, Vau Ness avenue, where a
high mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock a. it. sharp.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
NAN— this city. February 7. 1897, Rachel
Veronica, oe'oved wife of Frank Nun_n, a na-
tive of San Francisco.
Notice of inner hereafter
PEREURINO— In this city, February 7, 1897,
James, son of J. and Phlomena Peregrino, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 3 years 11 months
and 14 days.
BUGGLF.s— In this city. February 7, 1817, Mary
A., beloved wife of John E. Buggies, a native of
Barrp, Mass.
tSf Funeral and Interment private. Please
omi. flowers-
SEARS— In Oakland. February 6, 1897, Almira
Raymond Sears, a nativd of New York.
SHEDD— In this city. February 5, 1897, at his
residence. 46 Beaver streei, Henry P., beloved
husband of i.line M. Shedd. and father of Wal-
ter A. Snedd. a native or Boston, Mass., aged 69
year* & months and 10 days. [Boston papers
pleas" copy. |
txsT Friends of aeceased are respectfully invited
to attend me funeral THIS DAY (Monday),
at 10 o'clock a. it., irom Slmpiou Memorial
Church, corner i uchanan and Hayes streets.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, via 11:30
o'clock a. m. train from Third and Townsend
streets.
TILTON— In tnis city, February 7, 1897, Joseph
R., beloved husband of Julia t Tilton, and father
of Lorenzo Dow. George, John. Emma and
Noah ii ton, a nalive of Onto, aged 86 years
and 3 months. [Sacramento and Ohio papers
please copy.j
AT* Friends and acquaintances are resDect-
fui invited to attend the funeral WEDNES-
DAY, February 10. at 2 o'clock p. m.. from his
late r_-ldence, 1369 Stevenson streeu between
He.-_n_.iin and Ridley. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
TBAPP— In this city, February 4, 1897 John
Trapp, a native of Germany, __<ed 60 years.
VILLASENOR— In this city, February 7, 1897,
Tomasa A. Villasenor, beloved mother of Mrs.
A. Buckley, Mrs. Svlvestra Irwin and Mail*
Vil.asenor, and grandmother of Mamie sales,
a native or Mexico, a_el 78 years.
JKiiTFrlends und acquaintances are respect-
fully invited io attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 9:15 o'clock a. m.. from ncr late
residence. 740 Broadway, thence to the Church
of Nuestra Seuora de Guadaiupr, Broalway,
near Mas street, where a high mass will be
c. lebraied for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9:30 o'clock a. m. snarp.
WILSON— In Alameda, Febrjary 6, 1897. Au-
gusta V., be.oved wile of Wnliam IS. _ dsoii, a
native of san Francisco.
fiends and acquaintances ars respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tueaday), at I o'clock p.m., from su Joseph's
l hurch, Alameda. Interment at. Mary's Ceme-
tery, Oakland.
WOODS— In ibis city, February a 1897, Annie B.
Woods, a native of Ire. and, aged 54 years.
WULFFING— In this city. February 7, 1897.
Const. beloved huab.m <l of Mary Wu fling
and tether of Katie Wuiffing, Mrs. T.J. Hen-
derson, Mrs. U. s. Mc evi.t and Mrs. P. Hans,
a native of Cologn*, (terma aited 67 years
MCAVOY A GALLAGHER, T
FONKRAL DIBRCTORS A EJIBALMKRS,
to Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 3080.
l * ,,>Ml '^'^'^"** , ***'^"'^ l> ™»'M»M_I
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN MATEO COUNTT: NEAREST CEM&
tery to the city ; non-sectarian ; in no seas* ex-
clusive; location unexcelled. Ofhee bit? Aiatast
•uew. __._u_e._ti corner .*• ______
1112
Don M. D.ckinson, Chief United States Counsel.
DON M. DICKINSON
WAS ONLY JARRED
Chief Counsel of the Sealing
Commissioners Arrives
Safely.
Thrown Out of His Berth by the
Impact of the Colliding
Trains
Explains the Status of the Interna
tional Inquiry — Praises for
Victorians.
Don M. Dickinson, chief counsel for the
United States in the pending international
inquiry into the extent of damages due to
British sealing vessels by United States
cutters in Bering Sea and formerly Post
master-General of tue United States, ar
rived here last night from Victoria, B. ('.,
on tbe belated Oregon train that was
partly wrecked in a collision early yester
day morning.
Mr. Dickinson was accompanied by
Robert Lansing of .Vaterto N. V., as
sistant United States counsel, Mrs. Lan
sing and Miss Lansing; by his own law
partner, Charles B. Warren of Detroit,
Mich., associate United States counsel;
and by Chandler P. Anderson of hew
York City, secretary of the commission.
They all went to the Palace Hotel, where
other members of the commission, includ
ing the leading representatives of Great
Britain, had arrived and temporarily es
tablished themselves the day before.
To-day the entire party will leave for
the East. The brief visit here is simply
for pleasure, the commission having, be
fore leaving Victoria, completed its in
quiries and adjourned to June 16, when
the final session will be held in Montreal.
From now until April 1 the United States
Commissioners will be busily engaged in
preparing their written arguments to be
presented to the British Commissioners,
who in turn will then present their writ
ten arguments to the United States Com
missioners before the final sitting of the
court in Montreal.
By the terms of the agreement under
which the Commissioners met one session
was to have been held in San Francisco,
but the United States Commissioners
waived the privilege and summoned to
Victoria the necessary San Francisco wit
nesses, and there, after a long and con
tinuous session from November 24 until a
few days since, received, examined and
passed upon claims presented by sealers
for damages alleged to have been done
their vessels during a numberof years pre
vious to 1852, when the Paris Tribunal
determined that Bering Sea is not a closed
sea and that consequently neither the
United States nor any other Government
has any special rights there or to the seals
not actually on the seal islands.
When the United States Commissioners
hrst appeared in Victoria, explained Mr.
Dickinson last night, they were looked
upon in their official capacity with very
great disfavor. The witnesses introduced
to give testimony favorable to the side of
the United States were tabooed and
were, generally made to feel that they
were very unpopular with the peopie of
Victoria.
Bu* notwithstanding all these .i^rnra!.
KEW TO-DAT.
pgg»imia__mß__-__n_i_ra_B___n__E_n-BB
THE SAN FRANCISCO I
BLACK GOODS
1 HOUSE,
S3 Geary St., Near Kearny.
U Telephone Grant SIS. I
i
I Enlarging Our Facilities for tlie ;
I Sale of DRESS FABRICS.
I CLOSING OUT OUR _.
I I_.DER.VEAR I
j DEPARTMENT! *|
•j ; ■;■ • ■ -.
I Imported Combination Suits, i
I $5 and $4.50,
Reduced to _>-_.©0 Suit.
I Knit Combination Suits,
$1.50 and $1. 25, '
Keduced to 75c Suit. j
I Lambs-w oo! Vests & Drawers,
$1.25 and $1.
. Keduced to 75c Kach. IJ
I Swiss Ribbed Wool Vests, M
$1 and 85c, |l
Keduced to 65c Kach. |
I Ribbed Lisle Vests, j.
60c and ♦'ic, . £
M Ited need to 35c Kach. I
Fl Every article in department reduced,
I as the space is required for goods in
I transit. >
I Every article in department reduced, I
as the space is required for goods in I
transit.
r. t. ragM warn, |
|rnßWnrTnnT ____.- J __ J ._.uil______ J _m.ui__.__.i_Mn I
ing conditions the United States Com
missioners were able to bring out all the
facts tbey wished to establish.
This antagonistic feeling in Victoria
was due to the very important factor
sealing has been in the litis. ness of the
place, It is estimated tbat 15 per cent of
the total business capital of Victoria is
invested in the ocean sealing bus'ness.
Those primarily interested are princi
i pally sailors and men engaged in marine
| business, but tbeir success and their mis
[ fortunes have an effect upon tbe whole
community, particularly when it comes to
I taking sides in an international contro
versy.
In private social life Mr. Dickinson found
] the people of Victoria most courteous and
most entertaining. He also has words of
; praise for the courtesy and learning of the
' British commissioners. Victoria he styles
; a very cosmopolitan place, with a par
j ticularly enterprising population.
The original claims presented amounted
! to near $1,500,000, but evidence failed to
. sustain many of them. They were re
duced fully one-half. Mr. Dickinson ex
plains that in justice to the people of Vie
: toria it should be known that the most
flagrant attempts to establish false claims
I were those traceable directly to unscrupu
j lous Americans — persons who. while citi-
I zens of the United Stales, had attempted
to get damages as British subjects.
Speaking the collision in which sev
eral of the cars of his train were, shortly
after '6 o'clock yesterday morning, de
, railed, overturned and smashed, Mr.
; Dickinson said that be him-elf was jolted
j out of his berth onto the floor by the force
j of the impact and was slightly bruised.
He was the only one. however, of ail the
' passengers in the Pullman coach that
! suffered any inconvenience, for he hap
i pened just at tbe moment to have assumed
: a position on the edge of the berth, from
which he was easily thrown. .
The Pullman car. the last one on the
! train, was the only coach that escaped
injury. Its front trucks were raised two
feet from the rails by the cowcatcher of
the northbound train which smashed the
tourist sleeper all to splinters. The coup
ling between the sleeper and the Pullman
broke and prevented the last coach from
being overturned.
The escape of the passengers in the
sleeper was miraculous, particularly as a
number of them were United States de
j serters from the army and were compara
| lively helpless, because of being in irons.
! One of these captives had an arm broken.
A commercial traveler was badly rattled,
but instinctively snatched his satchel out
of the pool of water into which the
sleeper had been thrown, remarking as he
did so that it contained his commissions,
amounting to $100 for .roods sold.
Donald McDonald Dickinson, the chief
United States counsel in the Bering Sea
damage airy, was born in New York
State in 1846, and in 1867 was graduated
from the University of Michigan. He be
came a lawyer and was interested in many
: important suits. He was chairman ofthe
I Democratic State Committee of Michigan
i in 1876 and in 1880 was a delegate-at-large
I and chairman of the Michigan delegation
in the Democratic National Convention.
For some lime subsequent to 1884 he rep
resented Michigan in the Democratic
National Committee. He was nominated
for Postmaster-General late in 1887 and
the Senate confirmed the - nomination
early in 1888. He has been noted for his
personal devotion to President Cleveland.
In this connection it may hi stated that
he thinks that free silver will not again
be an issue, but that if it should have any
supporters four years hence it will be
completely defeated in 1900. In the Mich
igan Democratic convention in 1886,
when the chaplain in his orening prayer
failed to mention President Cleveland,
Mr. Dickinson arose at once to protest,
and thereupon offered a supplementary
prayer, in which he invoked a blessing for
i the President, considered as "a Demo
| crat of Democrats, the noblest of them
**"•"
UNSAVORY COOKING.
It -Leads to a Lively Fight on Board
the British Bark Kll iot.
John Williams, a colored man, is cook
and steward on tbe British bark Elliot,
now discharging her cargo of coal at
Green-street wharf.
According to Frank Robinson, one of
the sailors, Williams is a poor cook, and
j during the voyage there were constant
complaints from the forecastle about the
| way he cooked and served up tne meat,
j bread and other edibles.
.Saturday Robinson went to the cook's
galley and remonstrated with "Williams,
who seized a large carving fork and threat
ened to stick it into him. Yesterday at
the dinner hour the bread was, so Robin
son says, nothing but dough, and he took
one of the loaves into the gailey and told
Williams it was not fit for a ling to eat.
Williams seized a fork and said he would
stick it into Robinson's eyes. Then he
grabbed a basin of boiling soup and threw
|it at Robinson. Robinson's arms were
: bare and the soup struck him on the right
! arm, burning it severely.
Robinson grappled with Williams and
! during the scuffle Williams got Robinson's
left thumb in his mouth and nearly bit it
! off. The men were separated and Captain
'. Evans had Robinson arrested lor disturb
| ing the peace.
Robinson was taken to the City Prison
; and booked and was then sent to the Re
ceiving Hospital, where his arm and
thumb were attended to. He says he will
swear out a warrant this morning for
Williams' arrest on the charge of may
> hem.
•*■■*»•*
Young Men's Institute.
Golden Gate Council wi'l give an entertainment
in Native Son*' Hall on Wednesday.
At the meeting of the officers of the Lecture Bu
reau held las. week the fo. lowing work was laid
out for the future; March 11, lecture by Judge
W. W. Morrow on the Federal Government, illus
trated by slereopticon views of Washington City,
before Columbia Council: February 22, lecture by
Rev. Voursanger in the Yosemite Theater before
Stockton Council; February 22. lecture by Henry
E. Hightou before Capita, and Sacramento Coun
cils in Sacramento.
California Council will observe Y. M. I. day by
an entertainment and a banquet In Alameda
This council will in future set aside one meeting
eight in the montb for a smoker.
-• — ♦ — _■
Send books, music or magazines to be bound
to the bindery. Myse.l-Rolllm., __2 Clay. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 8, IS9T.
THE SPORTS ARE
STILL AT SEA
No Gauge on Which They
Can Base Their
Betting.
In a Quandary as to the Cor
bett-Fitzsimmons Priz2-
Fight.
There Will Be a Great Deal of Money
on the Cal-iornian at the
Ringside.
The local sports would like to know ex
actly where they ''are at" in regard to
the betting on the Corbett-Fitzsimmons
contest, which is booked for March 17 in
Nevada.
As a matter of fact there has not been a
single bet made, either here or in the
East, which might bo taken as a gauge
for the consideration of others.
Colonel Abe Daniels, the representative
of Phil Dwyer here in other matters, is a
fair criterion to go by in affairs sporty,
ana he derides the telegraphic reports
from tbe East of heavy-weight bets at
odds of $10,000 to 17000, such as have been
wired across the continent.
"It is the same thing in New York as it
is here," he stated last evening at the
Baldwin Hotel. "Over there they are
getting messages in regular channels that
Corbett is a 10 to 7 favorite out in Califor
nia, which is not a tact. So far as I have
been able to find it here, Fitzsimmons is a
strong man, and at this time, at least, 1
find even money offered me. 1 take it, of
course, for I am a strong Corbett backer
and believe I am getting a shade the best
of the wagers. However, 1 must say there
is little money in sight at this time and 1
have not been able to get more than a few
hundred dollars on the result.
"Corbett has many moneyed friends in
tbe East, and I have no doubt that this
will affect the odds to a great extent.
These friends will be satisfied to wager
even money for the time being, but I
doubt if they will care to give odds ex
cepting in large amounts, such as $10,030
to $9000, until they reach the ringside.
Then I feel sure there will be a great dif
ference. The heavy betters of the country
will be there, and they are nearly all Cor
bett men. The weight of their money
must necessarily be felt, and 1 would not
be astonished if odds of 2 to 1 were given.
"Take, for instance, such men as Ed
Kearney and Ed Kearney Jr., JacK Mc-
Donald, Mattie Corbett, "Smiling"
Johnny Kelly, H. Knanp. John Hun
ter, Phil Dwyer and Billy Edwards, who
is the custodian of a bank account de
posited with him by clubmen whose af
fairs he attends to. These men swear by
Cor bet L When he fought Sullivan they
believed in the young Californian, and he
told them he would not go near Sullivan
for three rounds. He told them, abo,
that he would do out-fighting for a half
dozon or more rounds, and then, when he
would have the big fellow worried, he
would mix up with him.
"Jim carried the programme through
and won is fight. He did the same
thing when he fought Charley Mitchell
and again he carried the programme out
according to his promise. The result is
that Corbett, to-day, could get backing to
the extent ot $100,000 if needed to tight
any man on earth. This is not necessary,
but. the very men who would gladly
make up the purse for him will be at the
ringside and it is quite natural they will
be ready to put up any amount the other
side might want to bet on Fitzsimmons.
"As 1 said before, it will be at the ring
side that the heavy betting will be done.
"Corbett has notified his friends this
time as he did in his past engagement-*-,
not to bet on the number of rounds but
on the resulL"
The local sports are still in a quandary
as to the line of action they are to take.
Whether they will join private parties to
Nevada or go on their own individual ac
count will depend greatly on the financial
tax. The excursion managers cannot as
yet present their prospectus for the reason
that Dan Stuart, the promoter of the tight,
has not settled whether Carson or Reno
will get the affair. Hence rates have not
yet been made by the railroad company
and cannot be handed down to the people.
J. Ostreicher of Elko was in town during
the past week. He is one of the suave
DEAN A. C. PECK.
Rev. A. C. Feck, field superintendent of the Christian Missionary Alliance,
came over from Beulah, where he has been stopping since his arrival, to preach
at Dr. Dille' church tbis morning. The subject of his sermon was "What Consti
tutes Christianity?" and it was listened to by a large and enthusiastic congrega
tion. Last night he spoke at Grace Episcopal Church, taking his text from the
fourth chapter of Kings.
Mr. Peck was very much delighted with Southern California and with Beulah.
He says he "would like to remain here, but — 'business calls.' "
The Christian Alliance has been in existence fifteen years and ha 3 200,000
members. It is interdenominational and so interferes with no one's religious
ideas. It preaches what is callel a four-fold gospel— Christ the Savior, sancti
fier, healer nnd coming King. There are over '.00 missionaries in foreign fields
and a chain of missions clear across the continent.
At the Old Orchard, Me., convention $270,000 was subscribed, and this was
duplicated at the October convention in New York.
The dean will preach in Oakland next Sunday and then he will go to Oregon
for two weeks. '-. .".*'
manipulators when there is something
rood in sight in a business way. He was
in hopes of running against Wheelock or
Stuart with a view to making Elko the
place if the Carson-Reno controversy be
came too acrid. As Wheelock left this
city and Stuart will pass through Nevada
before reaching here, Ostreicher has gone
back to catch them and present Elko's
claims.
Jim Corbett is expected to arrive here
next Wednesday. His brother Harry, who
has been holding off his trip East for a
week, has dated himself to leave this even
ing to meet Jim and accompany him
home.
Dan Stuart and Bat Masterson are also
expected here on Wednesday.
Among the well-known business men,
horsemen, jockeys, bookmakers and oth
ers who are known to be listed to attend
the fight are:
Jack Purdy, Thomas H. Williams Jr.,
Major Frank McLaughlin, Louis Lissak,
"Old Man" Bill Maloney and his three
sons, Eddie Greany, John Humphreys,
Charles Dwyer, B. . Falk, Sam Falk, Joe
Harvey, Paul Ridley, Barney Shreiber
and a party in charge of Mac Burns, Dave
Gideon, Mike Behan, Ed Gainer, Pitts
burgh Phil, Cash Sloan, Sam Doggett,
Charles Thorpe, Green Morris, Joe Ull
man, Cole Ullman, Alexander Ullman,
Harry Hoffman, Frank Eickert,
John O'Neil, Herman Hoffman,
Phil Howell, Jake Gottlob, Bill Henry, D.
Stockwell, Charles Jennings, George Bald
win, Joe Gottlob, Dan Honig, Manny
Greenberg, Jack Neuman. Al Chase, Harry
Lewis, Joseph Levy, J. J. Coleman, Lee
Dennier, Senator J. H. Mahoney, Jack
Sullivan, Henry Dimond, Mutt Storns, W.
Sink, E. J. Baldwin, Jerome Lincoln. Nick
Kittle, Peter J. Donohue. Captain Wain
right, Charles Kinsley, John F. Farley,
Joe Harvey. Charles Fair and John,
Charles and James Quinn.
ROBERT WIELAND IS WELL
Ho Has ll.M.ovored After an Illness
That Hi-ought ll> in Into the
.law-* of Death.
Robert P. Wieland, who has been lying
at the point of death since Monday last at
his home, 2120 California street, will be
out again for an hour or two today.
Wieland, who is one of the most popu-
R. P. Wieland.
iar young men about town, a son of the
late John Wieland, and whose generosity,
is to be seen in every charitable society
among tbe Germans in this City, and a
brother of Charles and Albert Wieland,
has had a rather narrow escape.
He was a bosom friend of Henry Man
pels of the firm of Tillmann, Bendel it Co.,
who died ten days ago, quite suddenly.
Robert Wieland was so struck by the
death of his friend that he was taken sick
himself Monday last with hemorrhage of
the stomach. His life was despaired of for
several days, but his magnificent physique
pulled him through.
There has been a strange fatality in the
Wieland family, and the friends of Robert
will gladly welcome his escape from it.
John Wieland and one of his daughters
were burned to death some ten or twelve
years ago, the father meeting his fate
while endeavoring to rescue the young
girls. Mrs. Wieland, the mother, died al
most suddenly about five years ago. Since
then Robert's young wife, one of .he most
beautiful women in this State, passed
away quits suddenly. His brother-in
law, Mr. Gregory, also died a year apo
after an illness of only two days in Cripple
Creek.
Jkwki.rv store. 6 and 7 Third .sti cci, removed to
303 Kearny street.
LONG LITIGATION
ABOUT SETTLED
The Miller & Lux Legal
Difficulties Drawing to
a Close.
The Papers Will Probably Be
Signed Within the Next
Week.
Concessions Mad. by Both Sides
Basis of Settlement Not Yet
M de Pub
After years of fighting in and out of the
courts the affairs of the vast Miller & Lux
estate are about to be settled to the satis
faction of all concerned.
In fact, the basis of settlement has al
ready been agreed upon, and all that is
now needed to close the matter up is to
arrange a few minor details and sign the
documents that will attest the rights of
the parties interested in the property.
The matter was brought to a focus on
Saturday last, when a meeting of the at
torneys for both sides was held. Certain
concessions were made by each of the
legal representatives, and it was agreed
that the necessary papers are to be drawn
up very shortly. The exact nature of the
settlement will not be known for several
days, as both sides are anxious to avoid
any further complications which might
arise through premature statements.
It is known, however, that the settle
ment has been arranged with the idea of
placing the big estate under the control of
a corporation which will keep it intact
and carry on lhe various enterprises Irom
which the princely Miller & Lux fortune
was built.
The trouble over the estate began some
time after the death of Mr. Lux, which
took place several years ago. Mrs. Miranda
Lux, his widow, was not satistied to leave
the business in tbe hands oi Henry Miller,
the surviving partner, and asked to have
the affairs of the firm wound up. This did
not meet with Mr. Miller's approval and
an action for an accounting was begun.
During the progress of the litigation Mrs.
Lux died, but her heirs carried on the
suit, which was fought bitterly in the
courts by the test legal talent of this City.
For several months past overtures have
been made from both sides looking toward
a cessation 01 hostilities, the consulta
tions finally resulting as stated.
Attorney Thomas B. Bishop, who has
taken a prominent part in the litigation,
i confirmed the rumor of a settlement last
evening.
"The matter has taken a very favorable
turn recently," he said, "and it now ap
pears as though the long litigation is at
'• an end. There are yet some details to be
arranged, but the heaviest part of the
business is over with.
"At present I cannot give the basis of i
the settlement for several reasons.
The main one is that the matter can
not be said to be entirely settled un'il the
necessary formalities are over, and it
would be indiscreet, as well as a breach of
confidence on my part, to say anything of
the nature oi the settlement beyond the
fact that it is under way. The details will
be known shortly — probably within a
week. " ' "
The Miller & Lux estate, which is one
of the largest in California, grew from a
very small beginning. The firm were
cattle-dealers in a limited way in early
times, and, being shrewd business men,
took advantage ot the big opportunities
for money-making in those flush days.
Profits were invested in lands as fast as
they accrued, and the fortune grew to its
present vast proportions.
YOUNGEST OF PATRIOTS.
Prince Poniatowski's Son a Mem
ber of the Valentine
Holt Society.
A Lady Who Hopes to See 1900, So
That She May Say She Lived
in Three Centuries.
Tbe first annual meeting of the Valen
tine Holt Society of the Children of the
American volution was held on Satur
day afternoon at the residence of Mrs.
Emily E. Barstow, 927 Pine street, when
the following-named were elected as the
officers for the ensuing year: Mrs. A. S.
Hubbard, president; David Staples
Painter, vice-president; Harrold S. War
lea, recording secretary; Miss Flora M.
Walton, corresponding secretary; Miss
Isabel Dennison, trea-urer; Miss Helen
A. Hallowell, registrar; Miss Blanche
Merry dv Bois, historian; Miss Elsie
Mooreß, custodian of scrapbook; Herbert
Ross Baker, color-bearer; Miss Lizzie D.
Painter, organist.
Miss Estelle Frezevant Cleveland,
daughter of Dr. Charles D. Cleveland and
d scendant of Mayor John Swan, of the
Maryland line; Miss Harrietts Wing
Moulton, daughter of Irving T. Moulton,
descendant of Jacob How of the Massa
chusetts line: Master Otis McAllister, son
of Mathew Hall McAllister, descendent of
Colonel Richard McAllister of the Pen
sylvanialine, and the young son of Prince
and Princess Poniatowski, descendant of
Humphrey Willard, Massachusetts line;
Sergeant Ebeuezer Sperry and Solomon
Day of the Connecticut line of the Conti
nental Army were elected to membership.
The society now numbers fifty members,
and in the society there is a strong patri
otic enthusiasm wnich is spreading as the
society is growing in age.
Master Herbert Ross Baker, son of Mrs.
L. L. Baker, was elected delegate to the
convention of the National Society of
Children of the American Revolution, to
be held in Washington, D. C, from the
22d to the 27tli inst.. at which there will
be representatives from the several Slates
and Territories. One day of the session
will be devoted to a visit to Mount Vernon
and other historic places; on another
there will be a reception to the officers of
the National Association, and on Wednes
day, the 24th, all the young delegates will
be received at the While House by Mrs.
Grover Cleveland.
A letter was received from Mrs.
Nancy Ray of Rochester, N. V., the
daughter of a soldier ih the Revolutionary
War. The lady is 100 years of age and the
letter was in response to one from little
Eloise Scoville, her great-grandniece, who
asked for something that she might read
to her patriotic society.
The letter sets forth that Mrs. Ray's
father fought for seven years in the war,
under Washington and Lafayette; was at
Bunker Hill and took part in most of the
nrominent battles; that be joined the Ma
sons because George Washington was one.
She tells of many of the incidents of war
times, says she was never sick in her life,
and adds : BBSS
"I have lived through, every Presiden
tial administration, from Washington
down to Cleveland, and I hope to live into
the next century, as I shall then have the
_____ -_^_____^-_-s_s__?__ TO-DAY— DRT GOODS.
PRINTED >
DRESS
FABRICS!
=1897=
We take pleasure in announcing the
arrival of 85 cases NEW WASH DRESS
GOODS. The assortment includes:
French Printed Organdies, French
Printed Challies, Irish Printed Dimities,
French Printed Sateens, French Printed
Jaconets, Printed Tailor-made Suitings,
Japanese Crepes, Printed Etamines,
Printed Mulls, Printed Percales, Scotch
and English Cheviots and Madras
Cloths. . /
We have also opened this week 150
dozen LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS, in all
the NEW STYLES for spring and
summer wear. These waists are in
Lawns, Percales, Mulls, Organdies,
Grass Linen and Etamines.
We invite our City Patrons to inspect the above
goods at their earliest opportunity.
TELEPHONE ORANT IS 4.
_^|^_s_»£_?£y
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET. , /7 ,
proud distinction of having lived in three
centuries. lam ->retty old, pretty old —
UO years— but 1 do not ff* . so old."
The subject of th" lesson for the after
noon was Thomas Jefferson, and many in
teresting facts about huu were related.
As a final feature to the salute to the
flag given in unison by all the members of
the society Miss Helen A. Hallowell re
cited "Our Flag of Liberty," a poem writ
ten by Mrs. Daniel Lathrop, the president
general and dedicated to the National
Society Children of the American Revolu
tion.
At the close of the business meeting
there was a musical and literary pro
gramme and refreshments. The hostess,
Mrs. Barstow, is of colonial and Revolu
tionary ancestry. She is a zealous and
honored member of Sequoia Chapter,
Daughters of the American Revolution.
AMUSEMENT FOR ALL.
There Are Many Attractions at the
Place.* of Amusement in This
City for To-Mght.
The peoDle who are lovers of the drama will
have an opportunity this evening of seeing
Louis James at the Baldwin Theater in the
leading role in "Spartacus," which in the
days of Edwin Forrest was known as "The
Gladiator."
"Chimmie Fadden," the production of Ed
ward .V. Townsend, tho well-known news
paper man, formerly of this city, will be
offered at the Columbia Theater this evening
with Charles Hopper in th,. cast. The play
was produced in this city on a previous occa
sion and it met with success.
Another of Gillette's comedies— the funniest
of all his funny plays— will be put on at the
Alcazar Theater to-night. It is "The Tro
lessor," a mirth-provoking production, in
which J. B. To Ik will appear ln the title role,
supported oy the full company of this house.
The attraction at the Morosco Grand Opera
House this evening will be a sensational
comedy-drama entitled "A Mile a Minute."
Aside from the text there will be some novel
stage effects, including a locomotive moving
across the stage at lull speed.
That very attractive extravaganza "The
Wonderful Lump" will burn again at the
Tivoli Opera House this evening. This piece
drew crowded houses every night last week,
for the singing and the lunnyisms nave
cnught the popular taste and will probab y
hold it for some time.
There are many attractions for the patrons
of the Orpheum Music Hall for this evening,
the principal ones being Ava, Zebia and Vera,
equilibrists Irom Europe; John and Bertha
Gleason. novelty dancers, and Bessie Clayton,
the wonderful dancer.
ITALIAN OPERA.
I_a«t Wight's Performance by the ZIII-
ani Musical Society.
The performance of the Italian opera,
"Le Educande di Sorrento," by the mem
bers of the Ziliani Musical Society at the
Bush-street Theater last night, was en
thusiastically received, and bravos, flow
ers and long-continued applause rewarded
the star performers.
Alfred A. Bordini, the barytone, in his
impersonation of the rollicking Lieuten
ant Rodolpbo, was so good in the scene
representing the tiDsy officer that he was
recalled to receive a large basket of flower.-".
Another gift of flowers went to Miss Isa •
bei P. Coppage, who lias a specially sweet
soprano voice. Mrs. Pauline Wand, whose
contralto voice and fine acting pleased the
audience so much that she was given a
large share of the applause, was also the
recipient of beautiful flowers.
The tenor, Robert Morrissey, was also
well received.
Thia was the fourth opera given by the
Ziliani Society.
Sanborn, Vail & Co. have a perfect artists'
material department. Always something new
in studies, novelties to paint on and things to
paint with. Also house and floor paints, wood
stains, varnishes, liquid glue and gold paint
put up in small cans and bottles for family
use. *
What you buy at our Special
i Saving Sales is exactly what
you can get here at any time,
but you pay more for it at
other times. We sell. noth-
ing poor at any price.
SPECIAL SAVING SALE.
Monday— Tuesday — Wednesday
Hams lb. i 2 _c
regularly 14J^c.
Finest Eastern, suear-cured. Every
one guaranteed.
Eggs doz. 20c
Sold over 3000 dozen last wee*.
Our Choice Fruits can 15c
regularly _Joe.
Peaches, pears, apricots, plums,
quinces, blackberries. Large tins se-
lected fruit, packed expecially for u_u
Miner's Cocoa lb. 37XS
regularly 60c.
If coffee leaves a bad effect, try
cocoa. Miner's is pure and health-
ful, delicious in flavor.
Old Virginia Sweet Pickles
bot. 30c
regularly 35c.
Young tender gherkins, spiced, in
sweet vinegar, palatable, appetizing.
Frontier Rye Whiskey
bot. 90c
regular $1 26.
Bottled where distilled. Can be
safely used when pure whiskey is
recommended.
Toilet Soaps doz. 372 C
regularly 50c.
Made by Kirk & Co., Chicago, who
are as particular about what they
put in soap as we are buying gro-
ceries for food.
Trial packets of tea, any
flavor, ioc.
If our stores are not con-
veniently located, our solici-
tors will gladly call if re-
quested.
Mail orders promptly act
knowledged. i
Send for catalogue.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
CHARLES H. PHILLIPS. ATTOBVEY-AT-
VJ Law and Notary Public, 638 MarKet st oppo-
site Falace Hotel. Telephone 670. Residence lttW
yell street. Telephone •* Pin© " .2591.
■_*_i__?_____S»_i_**3s_3_«_ftl_T- '