VOLUME LXXXI.-NO. 140.
BATTLES RAGE
FROM REVENI
TO NEZEROS
Turkey *s Declaration of War
Promptly Accepted
by Greece*
SO THE CONFLICT GOES ON.
With Great Fury the Rival Armies Are
Hurled Forward, Resulting in a Fearful
Slaughter, but Victories for
the Greeks.
CONSTANTINOPLE, TUBKET, April
18. — Edhem Pasha, Turkish commander
in-chief in Macedonia, telegraphed the
Government to-day thatin consequence of
the Greek invasion of Turkish territory
the Turks had seized me heights of Per
ner and Velinsko. Turkish divisions
rnder command of Haid.i Pasha and Nam
Pasha have crossed into Greek territory.
Fighting continues on all sides. Turk- j
ish divisions at Dodmik, Elassona,
?»orapa and Karya are engaged in de
fensive operations. The Greek force
which invaded Godoman is being driven
back.
The Porte to-day communicated an of
ficial note to the newspapers announcing
that war has been declared against
Greece and giving as reasons thoie cabled
last night. The note adds that Prince
Mavrocordota, the Greek Minister to
Turkey, was handed his passports yester
day, and Assim Bey, Turkish Minister to
Map of Gulf of Arta, With Prevesa Straits, Where Heavy Fighting Occurred Yesterday.
Ad joining the city of Prcvsa at the lower end of the peninsula on the north side are the two Turkish posts, St. Geor"ios
and another, while less than a mile away across the straits on Kephala Panagia Point stands the Greek lort Fanta and
another smaller one.
Gieece, and Turkish Consuls in that
country have been recalled. All Greek
Consuls have been invited to leave
Turkey. All Greeks have been warned to
leave the country in fifteen days.
ATHENS. Greece, April 18.— The Cham-
J>ar of Deputies was crowded by members
fnd spectators to-night. Amid the deep
est silence Prime Minister Delyannis as
cended the tribune and announced that
Turkey had notified the Greek Govern
ment of the rupture of relations between
the countries, using as a pretext the
alleged aggressive attitude of Greece.
JDclyannis enumerated the events of the
Jast few days to show the contrary was the
Case and that Turkey was the aggressor.
The Turks, he declared, bad attacked the
Greeks, attempted to occupy neutral posi
tions and sunk a Grecian steamer at the
entrance to the Gulf of Arta.
"Turkey declares war on us," said Dely-
Bnnis, "and we accept it."
This statement *as received with pro
longed cheerine by the members, the oc
cupants of the galleries enthusiastically
joining in the demonstration.
Delyannis proceeaed to read the official
dispatches confirming the hostilities on
tbe frontier. The showed that the Turks,
efter repeated attempts to force the pas
sage at Keveni in an attempt to move to
Larissa, had been repulsed.
The receipt of tne news of the Greek
victories has causod unbounded excite-
ment. The principal streets are densely
thronged with people of all classes,
eagerly discussing the slightest scrap of
information. AH sorts of rumors are in
circulation, but the majority of them re
port Greek successes.
The last two classes of reserves of 1886
have been summoned to join the colors.
Troops hitherto remaining in Athens
have been hurriedly sent to the Thessa
li&n frontier.
The news of the virtual declaration of
XT** by Turkey was received hers with
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
mingled feelings of thankfulness and mis
trust — thankfulness that the uncertain
course of events had at last assumed a
detinue now, and mistrust as to the out
come of actual conflict. Great faith ia
pinned to the wildly enthusiastic patriot
ism of the GreeK troopi, all of whom for
weeks have been clamoring for war, but
greater faith, *ith better cause, is pinned
to the navy, which has immeasurably su
perior vessels, guns, men and morals to
the TurKish fleet. The Greeks are conn
dent that with ttmr naval forces they can
capture all the Turkish outposts.
Many dispatches were received from the
frontier to-day. Some were wildly contra
dictory, but those from the most reliable
sources make it apparent that the ad
vance of the main body of the Turkish
army has been checked. Ten thousand
men under Ed hem Pasha, the Turkish
Commander-in-chief, crossed the frontier
in the direction of Larissa shortly after
the orders came from the Government to
assume the offensive. They met no oppo
sition until the command reached Reveni,
where a strong Greek force was concen
trated. The Turks attempted to continue
the advance, but were fiercely attacked.
After severe fighting the Turks were re
pulsed with a loss of six gun*. The Greeks
lost two. The number of killed on both
sides was very large. Several Greek of
ficers were killed.
Edhem Pasha was compelled to retire
into Turkish territory, where he is reor
ganizing the forces for another assault
upon Larissa.
Wnile a small Greek vessel was proceed
ing up the Gulf of Arta she was fired upon
and sunk by a Turkish battery at Preveza.
The Greek fleet, which was lying close to
the place, immediately began a bombard
ment of the town. At tbe same time the
Greek land batteries at Kefaie Panaghia
opened fire upon Preveza. Two thousand
Greek* were hurriedly aispatched across
the gulf to attack Preveza on the land
side. One of the Turkish batteries has
already been dismantled by the fire of the
Greek warships.
The bombardment was stopped at night,
but will be resumed at daylight to-mor
row. Preveza is the place where the
Turks recently started the construction of
fortification* in defiance of the provisions
of the treaty of Ber'in. The Greek naval
commander in the Gulf of Arta threatened
to fire upon the work, unless the construc
tion was stopped. This had the effect of
checking the work, but it is thoupht here
it v. as afterward continued surreptitiously,
as the fire from the Turkish batteries was
quite heavy.
LONDON, Esc, April 18.-A drspatch
to the Morning Post, dated MiJouna Pass,
this morning sayi a fierce battle began
yesterday evening, lasting all night. The
Greeks entered the pass, descending
toward the valley. Four battalions of
Turks drove them back at the point oi the
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY MORNING, APRIL 19, 1897.
BATTLING BENEATH THE SHADOW OF MOUNT OLYMPUS.
There was some heavy righting done Saturday afternoon along the sides and at the base of Mount Olympus. The iittle village of Nezeroa was one of the central
points in the struggle. It is twenty miles from Larissa.
bayonet, rescuing the garrison of Turk
ish troops at the blockhouse, which ap
parently was the objective of the Greeks.
Before dawn Edhem Pasha rode out to
take personal direction of the operation?.
A general engagement ensued, in which
20,000 troops were engaged. Tne combat
turned upon the possession of the Greek
blockhouse, which was obstinately de-
fended. Several attacks were vainly
made upon the position. At 9 o'clock the
Turks made a splendid bayonet charge,
carrying the position. The Greeks are
still defending their position at the sum
mit of the hill.
The Turks are fighting like lions. Their
artillery is doing tremendous execution.
Hafiz Pasha, one of the Turkish com
manders, was killed at Milouna Pass.
A midnight dispatch to the Daily News
from Larissa, headquarters ol the Greeks
in Thessaly, states there was fighting all
day to-dar along the whole line from
Reveni to Nezeros. The Greeks appear to
have b*en victorious at all points except
Mentxea, where the position of the Turks
is saiit to be impregnable. It is reported
in Larissa that the Turks are massing at
Milouna, where heavy fighting is expected
to-morrow.
SILENCED THE FORT.
How the Grenk Fleet Bombarded
Preveza After tho Steamer
Macedonia Was Fired Upon.
ATHENS, Greece, April 18.— The com
mander of the Greet warship Aktion tele
graphs the following details of the firing
upon the Greek vessel in tho Gulf of Arta
by the Turks at Preveza:
The steamer Macedonia was leaving the
gulf early this morning, when the bat
teries at Preveza opened fire on her. A
hole was made in the hull, but the captain
was able to run her ashore. Tne vessel
did not link as was stated in the first
reports. The captain of the Macedonia
was wounded, but the crew escaped. The
lorts opened a hot firo on the Aktion at 5 :30
o'clock this morning. They also destroyed
the Greek station garrisoned by 500, killing
several.
The Greek commander telegraphed to
Athens for instructions and received
orders to bombard Preveza. The Greek
fleet onnned fire at 11:30 a. m. The Aktion
xoon silenced the fort. The ironclad
Basileu.s Georgios and the crusier Navar
cbos Miauiis began the bombardment at
/ong range of tae Turkish position this
afternoon. The Hamidieh and Pautoka
toros batteries replied, but their eun
practice was poor. The Navarrhos Miaulis
dropped a shell into the Humidieh battery.
The ironclad Spetzai is expected to arrive
at the mill 01 Arta this evening.
The Asty reports the Greeks have occu
pied the citadel at P.-ev«.-zi. A great blazd
is visible from Arta in ti:e Jirec'iuu of
Voraitza. It is believed the Turks are
bombarding the latter place.
Intelligence reaches here tbat the Greek
steamer Athena, with a number of in
surgents belonging to a secret society on
board, has been sunk by a Turkish torpedo
boat in the gulf of Salonika.
Astim Bey, ?;ie Turkish Mi iister, has
left the city. Prince Mavrocordato, the
Greek Minister, will leave Constantinople
Tuesday.
AT MILOUNA PASS.
Superb Practice of Turkish Batter-
las Causes a Creek Outpost
to Surrender.
LONDON". Exg , April IS.— A corre
spondent, describing the battle of Uilouaa
Pass, praises the superb rractice of the
Turkish batteries at & distance of 3800
metres. He says the GreeKs defended
their positions with conspicuous courage,
ADUD HAMID n, SULTAN OF TURKEY.
Most of the newspaper portraits of the Sultan recently published were taken from pictures made over twenty years
ago, Tiio one printed herewith is reproduced from a photograph taken in Constantinople about eighteen months since.
but the Turks advanced until they held
the Grecian advance line, with the excep
tion of one isolated spot.
Ultimately the Greeks occupying the
outworks sent a request that the Turks
cease the shell fire, as they surrendered.
The losses on both sides were severe.
£ CONSTANTINOPLE, Turkey, April 18.
The German general whom the Emperor
sent to inspect the armies on the frontier
reports everything iii the Turkish army
satisfactory, except the transportation
branch. He estimates the Turkish troops
at 140.000. Many out of the 80,000 Greek
troops he considers incapable of with
standing the fatigue and exposure inci
dent; to a campaign, while their i arma
ments are inferior to those of the Ottoman
army.
VICTORIES REPORTED.
Constantlne Says. i ;iat Turkish Sta-
tlons From Nezeros to Kontra
Have Been Burned.
LONDON, E.\u.. April 18.— The Athens
correspondent of the Daily Chronicle
sends copies of dispatches to King George
from Crown Prince Constantino, com
mander-in-chief of the Greek forces in
Thessaly. The latest one, dated 11 a. m.,
April 18, says: "We have taken and
burned the Turkish stations from Nezero
to Kontra. The Turks have repeatedly
attacked Analipsis, but were repulsed
with great lose. Two Turkish regiments
that attacked Reveni were repulsed.''
UNCLE SAM NEUTRAL.
But Complications May Arise In
Giving Naturalized Citizens
Rights of Asylum,
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 13.—Sec
retary Sherman received a second dispatch
from Minister Terrill to-day. It is not
yet deciphered, but it is believed to con
tain a notification that Greece has asked
the Minister to use bis good offices in the
protection of Greet t-übjocts in the Otto
man empire. The Secretary said last
night that he wanted to avoid any part in
the trouble between the two countries.
He would therefore give careful consider
ation to the request, which, however, was
common in timo of war.
The Turkish Minister received early to
day the first official news of the war. It
said the Greek troops had crossed into
Turkish territory in violation of interna
tional law and begun hostilities without
previous warning or provocation.
It also notified htm of the severing of
Continued on Second /"upe.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
GOMEZ IS
CONFIDENT
OF VICTORY
Says the Final Triumph
of the Revolution
Will Occur Soon.
SPANIARDS CANNOT WIN
THE CONFLICT.
The Cuban Leader Openly
Moves His Forces to
the Front.
AN ARCHBISHOP STANDS UP
FOR HUMANITY.
Boldly Tells a Brutal Central That
Starving Non-Combatants Is
Not Proper Warfare.
HAVANA, Cttba, April 18.— A letter
from Sancti Spintus says last week Gomez
passed three miles from the city on his
way from La Reforma estate, on the east
ern border of this province. His army
was composed of 3000 cavalry, 1500 in
fantry and four pieces of artillery.
Gomez said he was fully confident now
that the final triumph ot the revolution
will be achieved very soon. It is said
that Gomez has scattered his forces in
small bands, which swarm all around the
estates of La Reforma and Juan Criollo.
At Santiago de Cuba the Archbishop,
who is the highest dignitary of the Catho
lic Church in Cuba, had a stormy inter
view with the Spanish Governor, General
Toral, and compelled him to withdraw
the decree already signed prohibiting
souphouses established in that city for the
relief of thousands of countrymen who
are dying from hunger on account of con
centration in the town of all paciticos by
order of Weyler.
The Governor said that, under the cover
of charity, the soupliouses promoted the
cause of the Cub in army. The Arcb
bishop answered that the duty of a soldier
was not to make war on a country by
starving thousands of Don-couibatants,
but by fiyhtins armed foes.
«/..'/— Day in JTaahington.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 18 -Judge
Day. who 13 goin? to Cuba as President
WcKtnley's jptc.al commissioner to in
vestigate the marder of Ruiz, arrived to
nieht and went almost immediately to
the White Hou-e to nonsuit the President.
AUSTRALIAN FOUTXCA L fUTUB*.
Important Jteport of the United State*
Conaul- General.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 18—An
important report upon the political future
of Australia, just sent to the State
Department by Consnl-General .Maratta,
sava that the colonies are on the eve of
federation. An election is to be held at
once to elect delegates to a convention to
brini; about a union of the colonies. It is
proposed to have a governor-general of
the federation, to be appointed by the
Queen, with lieutenant-governors for the
different colonies, chosen by people of the
states. Many differences of opinion, the
Consul reports, exist between the leading
premiers on minor points, but the conven
tion is expected to adjust these. H epre
dicts that in a short time Australia will
be under one government and known to
to the world as the Australian nation.
sx.w to-oat:
fc,_ A queen is only a
jfcVc»»*a woman after all, and
1 /*svsd^fe^ every woman is a
rjSjT/fc^S queen if she be a
T^^Sw^'l' perfect woman.
/S&H^viirfir^Srfftk. The crown of wo»
J^K olK^^^S^ manhood is mother-
AsJ«*£iLjtti;\\ any woman can do
JJfiKA&j|gs|ii \ than to be a mothet
§f?il Ml nflßHlJm can '' n this world.
«g B^liffigjplra ed by a woman who
fflSaymßS^SytßßcV suff ers from any of
WByi^fg^TO^BH the weaknesses or
•. > •—"■... idea of modesty
which prevents the acquisition of know-
ledge, and the carelessness which pre-
vents an application of knowledge are
the most prolific causes of this kind
of Sickness. Thirty years ago, knowledge
of the prevalence of such disorders in-
duced Dr. ■ R. V. Pierce, ■ than .as now,
chief consulting physician of the Invalid's
Hotel and Surgical Institute, at Buffalo,
N. V., to devote a great amount of t*ie
and study to the preparation of a remedy
that would invigorate and strengthen the
womanly organism — that would cure
perfectly and positively all forms Jof fe-
male weakness — that would take the
danger away from childbirth, and greatly
lessen the pains of labor. . This remedy is
called Dr. Pierces; Favorite Prescription.
That it accomplished the object for which
it was intended is proven by its remark-
able and continued success for .30 years.
Women will gain much knowledge by
reading Dr. Pierces great thousand page
"Common Sense Medical Adviser." A
free copy will be sent on receipt of 21 one-
cent stamps to cover cost of mailing only.
I Address, World's v Dispensary * Medical
1 Association. Buffalo. N, V,2
WANTS A NAVAL
RESERVE FLEET
Secretary Long Deems
It an Economical
Necessity
Many Vessels Now In Com
mission Will Soon Be
Tied Up.
The Monterey Among Them— Men
Are Needed for tho New
Battleships.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April IS.—Secre
tary Lone has decided upon a general plan
to organ lze a naval reserve fleet. He deems
it necessary, for economical reasons, to
put a number of ships out of commission
and lay them up in reserve. He also
stated tnat it is proposed to select some
fresh-water basin in which to keep these
vessels. It is not his intention to materi
ally deplete the squadrons in commission,
but he proposes putting out of service
several ships which experience shows are
particularly expensive to maintain and
which are not absolutely required.
The Secretary says that the ordering of
the Katahdin out of commission was a
preliminary step in executing his plan.
The Katahdin has been tested and found
satisfactory for a vessel of her typa. She
is of no value as a cruiser, and to
maintain her in commission is not thought
advisaole by the Secretary. The Katah
dsn will, therefore, be the first ship of the
reserve fleet.
The next vessel to be ordered out of
commission will be the Columbia. Shortly
after the conclusion of the Grant monu
ment exercises at New "York on the 27th
the flag of :h«9 crusier will be hauled down
and she will be prepared for service with
the reserve. Next will follow the Minne
apolis. She will be directed to return to
the United States shortly after the Colum
bia goes out of commission, and upon her
arrival here will be prepared for laying
up.
According to the programme of the Sec
retary of the Navy these ships and all
others which will be added to the reserve
fleet will have constantly on board a
small crew, sufficient to keep the vessel in
good condition with respect to engines,
boilers, battery, decks, etc The crew will
virtually be care-takers. It is prooable
that two line officers and one engineer
officer will be attached to the reserve ves
sels. The ships will be kept in condition
for a call. Secretary Long's idea is that
they shall be so taken care of as to be
available for prompt service in the event
of an exigency.
Although the Secretary has not defi
nitely decided upon this point it is likely
tnat the reserve vessels will periodically
be fully manned and sent on short
cruises for the purpose of testing their
engines and trying their batteries. In all
probability two monitors on the Atlantic
coast and one en the Pacific will shortly
be placed out of commission and be added
to the reserve fleet. On the Atlantic side
the Amphitrite will first be laid up. She
has been quite thoroughly tested and Sec
retary Long is of the opinion that further
cruising on her part is not essential.
The Terror he will keep m commission
for a longer period. In time, however, it
is practically settled that she will jam the
reserve fleet The Puritan is likely to be
kept in commission. She will be em
ployed in the way of a schoclship upon
which to instruct officers ana men in
duties on board a monitor. In all likeli
hood before the summer is over the Mon
terey, on the Pacific coast, will be ordered
to the Mare Island yard and put in re
serve. The Monadnock may joia her in
the winter.
Secretary Long is now considering
which is the best station to which to order
the reserve ships on the Atlantic coast.
He is considering the facilities of New
port News, New London, League Is. and
and a site on the Hudson River. At
present he tavors the League Island sta
tion. An appropriation will be available
in July with which to do considerable
uredging at that station, which will in
crease the depth of the entrance of the
channel. The question as to the selection
of a station wil! probably be considered
by a board ol officers to be appointed by
the Secretary. Ou the Pacific there is no
question that Mare Island will be chosen.
One important point to which Secretary
Long has given attention is the question
of men. He does not intend to ask Con
gress for an increase in the enlisted force.
Therefore be says that a number of cruis
ing vessels will have to be placed out of
service to make it possible to commission
the lowa and other vessels neariug com
pletion.
WORK BEFORE THE SENATE.
Much Important Business Is Overshad
owed by the Question of Organ
izing the Committees.
WASHINGTON, D. C. April 18.—Sena
tor Davis will make another attempt on
Monday in executive session to get a day
fixed for taking a vote on the arbitration
treaty. It U not believed that a great
deal of time will be given to the treaty
during the week.
The bankruptcy bill will continue to
bold its place on the calendar as unfin
ished business, but probably it will not be
pressed seriously. Morgan has an
nounced his intention to insist daily upon
the consideration of his Cuban resolution
during the morning hour, but will not
block other business with it.
Much of the Senate's time will be given
to the question of the organization of
committees. The Republican Senators
will have a caucus on Monday to consider
the subject.
Consideration of the appropriation bills
will be concluded this week. It is ex
pected that the Indian bill will pass early
to-morrow, and the sundry civil and agri
cultural bills will follow in their order.
There is no expectation that there will be
any prolonged debate upon any of the
bills. There will be an effort to amend
the sundry civil bill by the addition of a
provision for the regulation of forest res
ervations. This may lead to some discus
sion, but the friends of the amendment do
not anticipate much trouble.
— -- ♦ -
Jtcpvm-ntative Millilcen Dead.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 18.—Rep
resentative Seth Milliken of Maine died
to-night of congestion of tne lungs and
kidneys. He served continuously in Con
gress since March 4, 1883.
fallrjo'* Vend Interred.
VALLEJO, Cal., April 18.— The funeral
of ihe Lite Edward Longan took place this
afternoon and was largely attended by
friend h and relatives of the deceased.
Key. W. L. Gastoo officiated.
MAPS SHOWING THE EASTERN FRONTIER LINE AND MOUNT OLYMPUS.
It was on the sides and about the base of Olympus that most of the fighting took place Saturday and yesterday.
The village of Nezeros is at the foot of Mount Analipsis, about twenty miles north by east of Larissa. Konrtsiovall is a
small place just within the Greek side of the frontier, about eight miles north of Turnavo. The points are ea«t ana west of
the main road from Larissa to Elassona, which passes through Ligaria and Kokkino Petra Pass. The continual rise of the
hills north of the plains of Larissa enables the flashes of the guns at Nereros and Kourtsiovali to be easily seen from the city.
Should the Greeks push on from Nez a ros to Kanalia and beyond they will endanger Edhem I'asha's communications with
Salonika by way of Katerina, which is itself exposed to attack by sea. "^Vith the exception of those from Larissa to Tsagesi
ou the sea, and by way of Turnavo to the frontier at Vide Melonas on Kokkino Petra Pass, both of which are paved, all the
roads north of Larissa are very poor, especially on the Turkish side of the frontier, and few of them passable for artillery ex
cept with the greatest difficulty. The road from Elasaoua to Katerina by way of Petra Pass is a fairly good road, but full of
steep hill;-.
BATTLES BASE FROM
REVENI TO NEZEBQS
Continued from First Page.
diplomatic relations. The Minister took
the dispatch to Secretary Sherman. The
Secretary and Minister discussed the
critical aspect of affairs.
The only likelihood of bringing this
Government into the imbroglio is pre
sented by questions relating to the right
o! asylum of Turkish and Greek subjects
in American legations and consulates. If
any case arises wnere a Turk takes refuge
in the residence of a consular officer of
the United States in Turkey the State De
partment will be given an opportunity of
declaring itself for the first time during
the present administration. Under the
Cleveland administration the right of
asylum was a very uncertain thing. The
stand of this Government was never
clearly denned.
One case during the war between China
and Japan indicated that the United
States dil not care to go very far in set
tiing a question which has always been
the cause of diplomatic controversy. Two
Japanese who claimed to be students, but
were accused by the Chinese of being
spies, took refuge in the United States
Consulate-General at Shanghai. The Chi
nese Government demanded that they be
turned over to its authorities. Jernigan,
the Consul • General, appealed to the
State Department for advice, and the up
shot of the matter was the Japanese were
turned out.
They were caught by the Chinese and
put to death. The Senate adopted.a reso
lution calling for the correspondence.
This was sent in, ana after some indigna
tion had been expressed over the action
of this Government the Senators and
everybody else forgot about the matter.
The war between Turkey and Greece has
recalled the fact that this grave question
was left hanging in the air. If any natur
alized Americans of Grecian birtn who re
turned to their native land to fight gets
captured by tiie Turkish troops the Gov
ernment may also be brought into connec
tion with the war. One important consid
eration in the event of such happening is
the United States claims the right to have
one of its citizens accused of crime in Tur
key tried by the international courts.
This country has representative* among
the judges of each of these tribunals. Only
last Priday Turkey made an important
concession concerning the rights of Amer
ican citizens brought to trial before these
extra-territorial courts. A man of Turkish
birth, who had returned to Turkey after
becoming naturalize i in the United States,
was arrested on a charge of homicide.
Minister Terrell wanted him turned
over to the international tribunal. Turkey
refused on the ground the man has been
naturalized since 1869, and the Porte de
clined _to recognize the right of mixed
courts to try former Turkish subjects, who
had become alienated subsequent to that
date. Terrell kent insisting, and on Fri
day cabled that the alleged marderer had
been delivered to the international tri
bunal. This important concession may
have considerable bearing if any Greek-
Americans are captured in Turkey.
Prominent men here schooled in in
ternational law agree that the United
States will observe the strictest neutrality.
Senator Davis of Minnesota, chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Relations,
thinks the hostilities will surely involve
the rest of Europe.
The United States is well represented in
European waters, promising adequate
protection to the righis of Americans. The
cruiaer Minneapolis will remain in Turk
ish waters for t: c present. She will have
with her the smaller cruisers San Fran
cisco and Admiral Seifndge's flagsh.ps
Raleigh and Alarbiehead.
Asks Powers to Intervene.
PARIS, Fbauce, April 18.— The Temps
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 19, 1897.
calls upon the powers to intervene by
force of arms to stop Turkey and Greece
from further fighting.
BERLIN, Germany, April 18.— It is
stated here that the German Minister to
Greece will protect the Turks in that
country.
HOME OF THE GODS.
In the Shadow of Olympus Creek
and Turk Are Now Battling:
for the Mastery.
It is in the shadow of the fabled home
of the gods that the Turk and the Greek
| now confront each other in battle array
ana on down its slopes the thunders of
war have begun to roll. Not sines the
days when the mignty Jove hurled ai the
presuming Titans his terrible thunder
i bolts and shoot O^sa piled upon Pelion
! into separate mountain masses has Oiym
-1 pus witnessed such scenes and heard such
sounds aa have now already begun to dis
turb his long repose. Whether restrained
by the fear of the wrath of the gods or
that his forbidding sides frowned upon
the maneuvers of armies, contending
leaders have sought other fields for a trial
of might.
The barbarian Xerxes profaned the sa
cred precincts by leading his mighty host
across the southeastern slope to find at
Marathon and Saiamis the price of his
temerity. It was along this very road
across "Low Olympus," through Nezeros,
where the Greeks and Turns are battling,
that he found his way down to Larissa
and co on to Athens.
The ancient Greeks bestowed the name
of Olympns upon many other mountains
both in their own country and in Asia
Minor, but this triple-peaked mass, with
its precipitous sides and cloud-veiled sum
mits, forbidding the intrusion of mortals,
was chosen beforn all as the most suitable
seat for the rulers of the heavens and tha
earth.
Olympus is, as it were, the forepost of
the Balkan peninsula. The highest sum
mit attains an elevation of 0750 feet, or
nearly as high as pointed Ossa and long
stretched Pelion together, whose heights
are respectively 5250 and 5130 feet. The
lower slopes are covered with beautiful
forest-* of oafc, chestnut, beech and plane
trees, with pine farther up, while naked
rocks complete the way to the summits,
snow-capped nine months in the year.
From the sea on the east is seen a long
array of vast precipices, cleft here and
there by ravines, whose sides are covered
with forest trees, and in whose depths
numerous torrents dash down to the sea.
It really seems to form a world apart
from the one below. Forty-two peaks
form the battlements of the upper moun
tain citadel, deterring alike the bold ban
dit and the zealous monks from attempt
ing to find lodgment there, as they have
done lower down. Fifty-two spriugs feed
the various streams that flow from its
sides to tne river Peneus, or directly to the
sea. Wildcats abound on the lower slopes
and the chamois finds security on the
rugge d pinnacles above.
Olympus, aa well as all the valley of the
Xeragi River to the west, was included
within the ancient limits of Thessaly, but
the frontier boundary line, as fixed by the
pDwers at the Berlin conference in 1878,
runs from the sea westward across its
lower slopes nearly to Elassona, and then
turns to the south along the Melonas
Mountains, across the Xeragi and up the
Ardham Mountains, leaving the sacred
mountain and a large part of Thessaly,
with its Hellenic population, to the Turk.
HACKED DOWN A CRIPPLE.
Murder Committed by an Aged Man, Who
Afterward Cut* Hit Own
Throat.
EXETER. R. L, April 18.-Joseph
Phillips, 80 years of age, assaulted Albert
F. Wilcox, a cripple, at his home yester
day wiih an ax, and then cut his throat,
as a result of which Wilcox died this
morning and Phillips is not expected to
iive through the night. The cause of the
trouble is not known. Hannah Wilcox,
a niece oi the dead man, states that there
had been apparently no differences be
tween the two. When they met Wilcox
addressed Phillips, who seized an ax,
knocking him down and inflicting three
wounds, riisi Wilcox screamed, and
Warren F. Wilcox ran to the spot. When
he saw this man approaching Phillips
drew a jackknife from his pocket and
plunged it into bis own throat on the
right side, mating a deep wound, from
which he soon fell exhausted.
THOSE VERASCQPIC PICTURES.
Manager Brady Closely Scans the Nega-
tire of the Round in Which His
Idol Is Shattered.
BOSTON. Mass , April 18.— A New York
special says: The pictures of the Corbeti-
F.tzeimmons fi^ht are ready for printing.
Some are remarkably yood, but the best
are those of the least interesting rounds.
There is one excellent picture, however,
which will cause an almost endless
amount of discussion. It is a moment in
the fourteenth round following the knock
out blow, as described by one who has
seen the negatives. It shows Corbett col
lapsing, with one knee on the floor, his
hands down, Fitzslmmons bending over
Him and bis right glove in conjunction
with the point of Corbeit's chin. This
blow may or may not have been a foul
and will be the bone of much contention.
Tnis negative is said to be one of the
clearest in the series and has been exam
ined with {;reat interest by William A.
Brady, manager for the defeated com
batant. He is said to have spent two
hours carefully examining with a high
power glass the series following the knock
out blow.
The taking of pictures began with the
camera at the extreme right of the arena.
The space in front was kc.it clear of spec
tators, as but a few favored persons pot in
among them. Stuart and his hat for seven
minutes obstructed tue field of the camera,
so that the first thousand feet of film
bear only pictures of that hat with a
penumbra of ringside incidents. The
sixth round is obscured in important parts
by a fog of smoke from the clears of the
favored few. The following rounds are
fair down to the fourteenth and last,
while the spacing of the pictures is very
uneaven. The camera which took the
final kineto^raphs did not include the snace
near the ropes, into which Corbett crawled
before he was counted out. The pictures
show him painfully crawling out of the
camera's field, and at the end his head,
arms and shoulders are out of the picture.
•
SOUTHERN SUPERSTITION.
Alabama Cotton- Planters Blame the Tele
phone for the Slump in Prices and
Destroy the Wires.
HUNTSVILLE, Ala., April 18.-The
superstitious feeling in this section is as
suming threatening proportions. Until
within the last few months telephone
lines have been unknown. Recently many
towns have linked themselves together.
The more ignorant element could cot un
derstand how a man in Huntsville could
speak to another a hundred miles away.
About the time the long-distance tele
phone was run out of Huntsville tne price
of cotton depreciated. Farmers, unable
to account ior the slump, blamed the tele
phone. At first it was a mere suggestion,
but later it became an actual belief along
the entire line bailt by the Georgia and
Alabama Company. On many occasions
poles have been chopped down and wires
cut by farmers in their mad belief that
they were responsible for the low price of
cotton. One line, extending from Gads
den to Walnut Grove, has been a victim
of this superstition half a dozen limes.
One farmer pulled down seven miles of
wire. The court may grant an injunc
tion, but so thoroughly aroused are the
farmers that nothing short of armed
guards will prevent the tearing down of
the entire system.
JUDGE MAGUIRE
WRITES TO BLAND
Makes a Suggestion
Concerning His Rail
road Resolution.
Agrees With the Missourian
on Every Proposition
but One.
Would Have the Matter Referred tc
the House Judiciary
Committee.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 18.-Al
thougb ihe resolution sought to be intro
duced in the House yesterday by Bland
of Missouri hns no direct bearing on th*
Central Pacific Railroad, Judge Maeuira
said to The Call correspondent to-night
that, us it provides tor its reference to the
Pacific Railroads Committee of the House,
it was a matter of some importance to tbe
California people. Judge Maguire to
night addressed the\ following letter to
Mr. Bland:
I entirely agree with you in all that you pro
posj, except the appointment oi the Commit
tee on Pacific Kailroads to consider the matter,
and, as I uniiemand yesterday, you agree
with me tnat that course shou.d not be urged
by us at present.
The iuiorination requested in your resolu
tion should be promptly called for by the
House, and when received from the Attorney-
General shou.il be reierred not to tiie Commit
tee on Pacific Railroads, but to the Committee
on Judiciary.
What we want is not a plan for the settle
ment of the Pacific railroad debts, such as the
Commiiton Pacific Railroads might formulate
or deal with, but a legal opinion as to the ef
ticiency of existing laws lor the enforcement
o! the rights of the Government against those
companies and the suggestion of remedies' for
the defect, if any, that may be discovered in
the procedure provided for. These matters
belong, under the rules, to the Judiciary Com
mittee, and the r.dvantage of having that
committee consider them exclusively is that it
would have no jurisdiction to report any
scheme for thu refunding or other settlement
by special arrangement of the Pacific railroad
debts, as the Committee on Pacific Railroads
would be sure to do.
When the information called for in your
resolution has been returned to the House by
the Attorney-General, and not until then, in
my opinion, the proper resolution should be
introduced calling for the appointment of the
Judiciary Committee to consider the matter.
It may be impossible, in the present parlia
mentary status of the House, to secure con
sideration for such a resolution, or even for
your original resolution, but I agree with you
that it Is our duty to make the effort to secure
such legislation as may be necessary, in view
of suggested constructions adversa to the
Government, to carry out the plan and Jnst
purposes of the Thurman act, leaving the re
sponsibility for failure where it properly be
longs, upon those who are responsiDle lor the
present status of parliamentary impotence in
the House.
DELTA /S ALMOST D£S£ftTEO.
Residents of Ihe Submerged Town Com-
pilled to Lecve Their Homes and
Flee for Safety.
VICKSBL'KO, Miss, April 18.— At 6
o'clock to-night the- river is 51 feet 8
tenths, a fall of '■> tenths in 24 hours and a
total of 6 tenths since the break in the
Biggs levee.
The situation at Madison parish is grow
ing worse. The Bicgs breaK is fast cover
ing the lowlands, flooding the Bayou "Vi
dal and a greater part of the lands in the
southern portion of the parish. The water
has reached Talluiah, eighteen miles west
of D Ita. which is on the river bank.
Delta is about depopulated, only enougn
persons remaining to look after the flooded
houses.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., April 18.— There is
much anxinty for the safety of the levee
line from Dolta to Henderson. It is now
estimated that not Jess than BCOO persons
will need relief in this county for the next
thirty days at least. Lieutenant Crow
ley of the United States army arrived to
day to purchase rations and distribute re
lief.
John Clinton, one of the leading plant
era of Issaquena County, Miss., said to
il iv: "There is little prospect of planting
a crop this year."
Government statistics show that Issa
quena produces more cotton per acre than
any other county in tha cotton belt, but
the percentage of its acreage not covered by
water is now too insignificant to be noted.
There is little prospect of any but the
front lands north of Tallulen showing up
sufficiently to be planted be'ore June 15,
which means no crop.
JOHN JOSEPH NOURI CROWNED.
Th» Learned Oriental Known Hen and at
Washington Was Not an
Impostor.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 18.-A
strange-looting man came here several
years ago, introducing himself as John
Joseph Nouri, Archdeacon of Babylon.
He wore the garb of a monk, and this,
with the Oriental feature?, made him a'
conspicuous object on the streets. Among
other things, he said he had discovered
the remains of Noah's ark on Mount
Ararat. This met with a denial from the
Turkish Minister, but Rev. Dr. Eiston, a
Marvelous Effects
System Broken Down and Hope
. Almost Abandoned— Re-
stored by Hood's Sarsaparilla.
"For fifteen years I have suffered with
catarrh and indigestion and , my whole
system was broken down. I had almost
abandoned any hope of recovery. 1 pur-
chased six bottles of Hood's Sarsaparilla,
and its effects have • been marvelous. It
has made me feel like a new man. lam
able to sleep well, have a good appetite
and I have trained several pounds in
wei?:it."— Jamkb Wilder, Oroville, Wash.
. "I had a ' scrofula swelling on one side
of my neck and ulcerated sores in my nos-
trils, caused by catarrh. I also had small,
itching sores on :my limbs. I bought
three bottles of Hood's Sarsaparilla and
began taking it, and the sores soon heated.
My blood is purified and the scrofula* has
disappeared."— O.D. McMamjs, Mission,
Washington.
HOOd f S S paff,? a
nOOU S parilla
Is the best— ln fact the One True ßlood Purifier.
L Hood's Pi lie care nausea, indigestion,
nuuu & flllS bUiouaness. 25 cents.
Presbytarian clergyman, who had met the
man in San Francisco, had faith in his
claims and invited him to become his
Ruest. The local presbytery undertook to
lind out whether the man was an impos
tor, but he showed he was well versed in
the doctrines of the Greok church. An
other test imposed was a translation of
hieroglyphic tablets in the Smic sonian
Institution. He performed tne task so
weil that he proved himself to be an abls
Oriental scholar.
Feople began to think him mildly in
sane and he was persuaded to start for
Bagdad. He stopped in London, and
figured prominently in the newspapers
through an attempt to secure the protec
tion of the British Government on the
ground that he was one of her Majesty's
subjects and heir to the patriarchal throne
at Trichur, India.
A letter just received by Dr. Easton
from Rev. John H. Birrows ol Chicago,
who is traveling in India, shows that the
claims of the loneiy Oriental were true
and have been recognized. Barrows says
that John Joseph Nouri, Archdeacon of
Baylon, was crowned Patriarch at the
Chaldean Pontical Cathedral at Trichur
Malabar, and is living in splendor in a
royal palace. The coronation occurred in
February. Arch leacon Nouri's elevation
to pontifical throne makes him ruler over
Syrian Chaldeans of Trichur.
AT OR AST'S SEW TOMB.
A Place That Should ti* Sacred Invaded
by a Ui* order It/ Hob.
NEW YORK, K. V., April 18 A mob
of 1030 inspected Grant's new tomb
today. A solitary policeman t»as wholly
unable to command decorum. Once in
side the tomb the crowd simply took pos
session without reserve, and for three
hours had everything its owu way. Men
wandered about with hats on^ smoking or
chewing tobacco and spitting indiscrim
inately. This last license was made a
reason for closing the tomb again. It was
a surprise to those in charge to find the
crowd paid such scant respect. It will
probably permanently bar the public
now.
You know right well that the losses in-
crease rather than decrease, and why
you go on suffering the tortures that
you do mentally— say nothing
of what you do physically— is
one of the things, that
pass all understanding.
How dizzy you get
when on the street,
for instance I
HUDYAN! HUDYAN
win
do the
work in
your case.
Yes! It will
give you new
life ; it will give
■- you renewed and
more useful en-
ergy. The gloom
vill be gone; the
. twitchings of the mus-
cles of the face will be a
thing of the past, and you
will again love and be loved.
Is it worth making one struggle
for? If not, why are you read-
Ing this? You are evidently inter-
ested in getting well. Why not clinch it ?
Circular* and Testimonials as to the
■nqnestloned efficacy of ths Great
Hadyan," at well as to the grand re-
sults obtained by those who have used
j the SO-day cure for all claaaei of blood
j poiaonin*. are sent free to any one
who will ask for them or write to the
Institute for them. And the advice of
the Doctors Is free, too I Can you ask
more?
Hudson Medical Institute
Ellis, Market and Stockton Sts.
1
BAN CISCO, CAL.
and laSiH^j'BfMi
for Sick Headache, Constipation, Imperfect
Digestion and Inactive Liver. Its occasional
use keeps the body in health and enables those
of feeble digestion to assimilate and enjoy their
food.
Sold by Druggists for 50 years.
SPECTAaS&ErE Glasses
AWJJWTFLY.fITTEDBY
EXPERT OPTIC
AT MODERATE PRICES.
1 OPTICIANS And v^ p hotowaphic {,
642 MARKET ST. SUPPt ' tS
WOE* CMAO/HiciE BU!LDI*G..
DR.MCNULTY.
T^n S AND RKLrABLE OLl>
A Spwlallßt ewr« PriT-ate.Xervous.Bloodniic! Skin
Diseases Of Men only. Manly Power restore!. Over
-•Over.rs •'.Tpcneuce. Send for Book, frfe. Patients
u !', eU .? 1 01 !.'^ Terms reasonable. Hour*. 9 to 3
daily, H:3atoB.3oeV C s. Rnncii.ys.iotol2. Consulta-
tion free and sacredly eou tUL Call or address
I». ROSCOE JHCMI7I.TY. W. »-,
2C>f Kf»in.r Htr+rt, San I'rancitrii. Cal.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
pHARLES H. riULUPS. ATTOKXKY-AT-
\J law and Notary Public, 638 Martcet au, oppo.
all* Palace iio;«u Telephone 67a Residenoa lot
hall ami Tatepaeoa " eta* " 3601.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD Pal DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
O great Mexican ; Remedy: gives UealUi and
ttnngta to lit* Sexual Organ*.
'- , ■ ~ ~ . ■ ■ - ■ *
NEW TO-OA.T. ' _ ;
PROFESSOR J. M. MTJXYOX.
With Munyon's Improved Homoepathio
Remedies in the house there is no doctor
to hunt or wait for when DELAYS ARE
DANGEROUS. Munyon's Guide to
Health will tell you what to use ami how
to SAVE DOLLARS IN DOCTORS
FEES. Sickness often comes suddenly,
and eviiry mother should be prepared by
having MUNYON'S REMEDIES where
she can get them quickly. They are abso-
lutely harmless, and so laDeied there CAN
BE NO MISTAKE. .-^
Munyon's Cold Cure prevents pneumo-
nia anil breaks up a cold in a few hours.
Price. 25c.
Munyon's Cough Cure stops nil coucrhs
and speedily heals the luniks. Price. 25c.
Munyon's Colicand Crying Baby Cure
cures griping pains of every description,
promptly relieves pain from teething, and
quiets crying babies. Price, 25c.
Munyon's Sore Throat Cure prevents
diphtheria and cures all forms of sore
throat. Price, 25c.
Munyon's Fever Cure will > break any
form of fever. Price, 'Joe.
A separate cure for each disease. At
all druggists, mostly 25c a vial.
Personal letters to Prof. Munyon, 1505
Arch street, Philadelphia, Pa., answered
with free medical advice for any disease.
Signature is printed In #• /}
BLUE diagonally a^T
across the •^ JkJ* -^
OUTSIDE f\ J*T^y
y rapper. M q(\ /
JrJ / of every
\l / bottle of
t j3 . / (the Original
/ XV yA and Genuine)
/Qy (jS Worccsterahlra
SAUCE
.. , A3 a further protection against
. '. mil imitations*
&Z*Bt3 for the United States
JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS. N: V,
|i Dr. Martin's j
! vi Pi n 1!
1 . Of ' the Age ■ * ''■ . .
i,<| A preventive and core for Shea- /
Vi matism, Neuralgia, Pains in Gen- j
)!<• eral, Dyspepsia, Sore Throat, ;
|V Pneumonia, Nervous, Liver and }
( iS Kidney Complaints, Backache *
!>,' Burns, Swellings, Colds, Coughs. S
|V Colic, Cramps, Sprains, Bruises, <
(Ji Wounds, Indigestion, Skin Sis- <
eases, Excessive Itching and 5
1 1 many other complaints. r
!' ' - • ■■ s
> Price: 25c, 50c, $1 Per Bottle. \
!» L. CALLISCH, Wholesale Agent for )
S the Pacific Coast, San Jose, Cal. >
C For sale by all druggists. The trade 5
( supplied by Redington & Co., Mack <t )
I Co. aad Langley & Michaels, San Fran- )
S Cisco. }
T.HE
WEEKLY
G7ILL
©{ It Publishes the Cream of the
o/ News of the Week and
MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
©4 ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°{ IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
©< PAPER ON THE
) PACIFIC COAST
©< ~~" \ ~~~ / '
The Best \ / Mining
~j Telegraphic v v/ News That ,
°\ Service on ./\ Is Accurate
dl The Coast / \& up to data •
c^ / \
°< _
o^ Not a Line of it Sensational ;
o/ or Faky, and Not a Line of
L) it Dry or Uninteresting. ,
°j— '. t ,3.
O( Bright, Clean, A Champion of
j Thoughtful. Truth.
2 A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
~) ALL THE TIME.
3IT ADVOCATES SENT BY
HOME MAIL, $1.50
©< INDUSTRIES A YEAR.
3 THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALI,
JJgSmr^ f H r^^K3 Meet. S^rmatorriic.->
gSSm la I'° sfia "'- rSJ Whites, unnatural dis*
Ay Qumrinieea «B cbargcj, or any infiamma.
K*"*b o»t to itrie;nr«. tion. irritation or nlcera.
JFreveau coatuioa. tion of mucous m-ni-
ffJSwTHEEvANSCIIEUICiICo. branes. Non-astringen-.
k G!SCI!<NAT!,O.'^g Sold by Drnjrrlitr, '
c - a jSBT ? r Bent ia Plain wr-ppe-,
&V - 8 Ut r %7( ji
T^g^ r y' B Circular sent ors*- 'iobs/:
>!BVDEWEY A.CO.^ff^
fe^PATENTS? 3GROWTH OF SAN DIEGO.
[Prepared under the auspices of the San Diego Chamber of Commerce!
1 SAN DIEGO, Cal., April 17.— The his
tory of San Diego city and county during
the first three months of the year 1897 is
one full of such satisfactory realization
and promise of a greatly increased pros
perity during the year ahead, as com
pared with the year IS9G, that it is a
pleasure to put the facib before tne pub
lic in an unbiased and unexaggerated
manner, although in many sections of
the West during the past three months
the hard times wnich were experienced
during IS9G in the East have, as it were,
just begun to be felt, as the hard times j
seemingly roiled Westward; but here in
San Diego it beeins as if there had been
less of the feeling of uncertainty caused
by the financial troubles of the Nation
than almost any other city or county in
the Union.
The building operations thus far in 1897,
as an indication of the go-aheadatiyeness
of San Diego, are very gratifying to tne
people here, and must be very convincing
to observers interested in the doings of
the people hereabouts. The permits
issued by the Board of Public Works in
thie city from January 1 to April 1. 1897.
aggregate in value almost fIOO.OCO. In
addition to the permits already issued
there is in contemplation by one of the
capitalists of this city the erection of a
large business block covering MWxSO feet,
VIEWS IN THE CITY OF SAN DIEGO AND VICINITY.
The pictures on the corners show the progress on the dams for the $3 000,000 water system being put in by the Southern California Mountain Water Company.
Morena dam is forty-three miles east of the city. It will impound at 150 ieet height 3219 inches, or 15,226.975,170 gallons of water. The city of Ban Diego will
receive its supply from tnis source. A big force is now at work there.
Lower Otay dam is almost completed and will impound 2918 inches, or 13,706,328,500 gallons of water.
Barrett dam is located thirty-five miles east of the city, eight miles below Morena. The dam site has been located and cleaned and the foundation of the dam
made. The reservoir will impound at 175-foot contour 3304 inches, or 15,630,000,000 gallons.
Upper Otay is a storage and not a catchment reservoir, not being fed by living streams. Considerable work has been done there in placing the foundation. At 120
--foot contour the reservoir will impound 1059 inches, or 4.998,691,250 gallons.
and to be several stories hiern, adjoining
the Fisher Opera-house, in the heart of
tha city, on C slreei, between Fourth and
Fif Lh. It is proposed to make this busi
ness biock one of the most beautiful
buildings in Southern California. Im
provements to the extent of $10,000 are
being mate in the well-known Keating
block, one of the show buildings of this
city.
The San Diepo Brewery, which has a ca
pacity for 150,000 barrels of beer, was
formally opened to-day. It has, however,
been completed and in operation for a
sufficient length oi time to manufacture
very excellent beer. On ihe plaza, in the
heart of the city, President Schaeffer of
the brewery company is now erecting a
nrge business biock.
Besides the many business buildings
here reported, either iv course of erec
t on or about to be erected, there has
been a number of handsome residences
built.
In add it on to these buildinp operations
the Ban Diego Electric Railway Company
has made a number of important exten
sions to its lines into the residence sec
tions on the eastern side, and also one ex
tension udod Florence Heights, The
Citizens' Traction Company, which oper
ates the electric line running on Sixih
and Fourth streets to University Heights
and the edge of Mission Valley, is seri
ously contemplating the construction of
an incline down the side of Mission Val
ley from the present terminus of the road
and along the valey to the site of the old
Ban Diego Mission, the first mission, in
fact, of the lamous twenty-one missions
established by the Franciscans in Califor
nia, this particular ini-sion haying been
built in 1775 by the pioneer Franciscan,
Father Junipero Serra.
The decision of the United States Su
preme Court, upholding tne Wright Ir
rigation act, is already Laving good
results among the irrigation d>s
tricts in this county. In the Es
condiao district, which district, by
the way, had an irrigation system already
established and in operation before the
Supreme Court decision was made,
marked improvements in the system have
been going forward since the courts passed
on the Wright act. Many miles of irriga
tion ditches in this eystem are being care
fully cemented, which will greatly in
crease the efficiency of this establishment.
At Oceanside the public-spirited people
of that city continne to work vigorously
upon plans for the securing oi an irriga
tion system for the country round about
Ocean-ide and for thoroughly supplying
the city with water.
On April 6th the director* of the Linda
Vista Irrigation District, which district
embraces nearly 43,000 acres of the finest
lemon land in California, opened bids for
the construction of a dam at the Pamo
re-ervoir, which reservoir will, when com
pleted, furnish the valuable acres of the
district with a bountiful supply of the
precious fluid. The delinquent taxes in
this great district since the Supreme
Court decision wa» rendered have been
paid up with a commendable degree of
profloptaess, and tiio directors of tiie dis- ,
trict are hopeful of the speedy securing of
the comprehensive irrigation ay^teni so
necessary lor the profitable development
of these splendid acres.
The Southern California Mountain Water
Company uas continued work on the Mo
reno reservoir, which is to form a part of
a comprehensive irrigation system which
will reach tons of thousanas'o! acres and
which has aiready been described in this
correspondence.
The San Diego Flume Company is con
tinuing addi.ional operations for the bet
terment of its system all along the line.
The copious rains of the season nave tilled
its reservoirs in a very satisfactory man
ner.
The efforts on the pnrt of ranchers in
this county durine 1896 for the develop
ment <if tobacco culture, which has proven
profitable in this county, are begniuin&c to
bear fruit, and the result of last year's
work as it is now juit before the people in
the form of manufactured tobacco is
highly satisfactory, although the growers
and the manufacturers of the tobacco ad
mit their experience will enable them, it is
believed, to produce a more valuable pro
duct within another year. As yet tl.ey
find that there is a irreat deal to be learned
concerning the handling and other con
ditions that go to make an excellent to
bacco, which conditions, owing to the
climate and other features found here in
San Diego County, necessitate a differ
ence in treatment over the treatment of
tobacco leaf in other sections of the coun
try- During 1896 one rancher grew three
crops of tobacco successfully on one patch
of land of about fifteen or twenty acres in
area.
This tobacco was grown from Havana
seed, and in color and texture closely re
sembles the genuine Havana leaf. It Has
been manufactured into cigars of surpris
ingly rood quality, consideriii-.' the new
npss of the land and the experimental
methods in growing and curing the leaf.
These cigars tell readily in the local mar
ket. Pipe tobacco made from th:s leaf is
i also h> artily relished by many smokers.
Your correspondent, in discussing the to
bacco outlook of this county with an ex
pert cigar manufacturer wuo has had an
unusually long cigar experience, was told
that for bis purposes the tobacco at
present raided by San Diego growers is
worth 85 cents per pound, and can be used
successfully in the manufacture ofs-cent
cigars. This expert is thoroughly con
vinced tha'. the growers, with a year or
two additional experience in growing and
curing the leaf, can produce an article that
wrll com i are very favorably with the ex
cellent graaes of Havana tobacco, snch as
are imported from Cuba. As it is a very
easy matter to grow three crops of tobacco
on the same land here annually, the pos
sibilities of the county are far greater
than in other sections where there is only
a short single season.
T ere are now in this county 122,000
olive trees, of which 24,000 are in bearing,
and the balance will be in bearing witiiin
a very short time. One of the leading
olive growers of the county tells your cor-
I respondent that he es imates the olive oir
put from this county during the year 1897
at between 3000 and 5000 barrels. Last
year was an "off" year for olives, and thnt
S*2?f J means that the year following an
off year will produce a very bountifdl
crop. There seems to be a growing dispo
sition on the part of ranchers in this
county to engage in olive culture on a
large scale.
They note the fact that for several years
past the California olive supply nas "been
but a mere drop in the bucket in the way
of supplying tue Eastern demand for this
palatable fruit. They real.ze that Eastern
epicures have begun to appreciate that the
very ncn Mission olives of California are
far superior to any olive grown in the
world, and that these olives will readily
take the plnce of the vast quantities of
olives now imported from the che>»p labor
orchards of Europe, which olives are v«ry
improperly cured, and inferior in many
respects, to the olives that are easily
produced in Southern California. Ranchers
in this county are rapidly gaining a
knowledge in the matter of correctly
curing tneir olive product, and the exer
cising by them of great care is met with
almost instant approbaiion from the
leading consumers in the East. The future
for olives in this county is regarded as
except ionally bright.
The United States Government has just
secured a deed to a site on the Coronado
sandspit for the construction of a large
six^een-mortar battery which will form a
part of the fortifications of the National
Government about this harbor.
Contractors are rigorously at work at
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., MONDAY, APRIL 19, 1897.
Ballast Point constructing ?he imple
ments for two of the most effective coast
defense guns in Uncle Sam's service.
Theie impiacements will be completed in
the near future, and the guns will be
place in position at the earliest possible
moment.
The work of the National Government
in extending the jetty at the mouth of the
harbor is being prosecuted vigorously by
the Government contractors and this jetty,
which is already the best part of a mile in
length, has had a very marked effect in
deepening the ships' channel over a depth
of several feet. An experienced engineer
tells your correspondent that he thor
oughly believes that much of tne action of
the water on the Dar, caused already by
the presence of the jetty, will result in
several years' time in the deepening of the
channel between one and two feet and
possibly more. By using seaplowson the
surface of the bar this channel-deepening
process will be greatly facilitated and it
will be an easy matter to make San
Diego's harbor, which already wiil accom
modate vessels of the largest draft, the
deepest harbor entrance on Uncle Sam's
coast lines. East or West.
During most of the first quarter of this
year a fleet of between five and ten war
ships has been constantly stationed here,
including the flagship Philadelphia with
Admiral Beardslee, U. S. N., commander
of the North Pacific squadron, aboard.
The growing popularity of San Diego
Harbor as a naval resort among the of
ficers of the entire navy is a matter of
great interest and the feeline ii stronger
than ever that some day the United
States Government, appreciating the ad
vantages of this Und-locked harbor and
the advantages of San Diego's climate
during the winter, will do something
toward establishing a permanent station
here for the increasing number of ships in
the squadron.
BULLETS FIRED
INTO HIS HOUSE
Fiendish Persecution of
a Tehama County
Rancher.
Unknown Foe Shoots Through
the Doors and Windows
of His Home.
Night Attack Following a Warning
That He Must Leave the
Country.
RED BLUFF, Cal., April 18.— Word
was brought to town last night of a
cowardly attempt to murder at the resi
dence of James A. Davis, about eighteen
miles east of Ked Bluff.
A few days ago Davis found posted on
his gate and door notices to the effect that
he must leave the country or get into
trouble. He paid no attention to the
warning.
Just after dark on Friday evening a
man came to the back of the Mouse and
shot Davis 1 watchdog. After killing the
animal the miscreant fired several shots
into the rear of the building. He then
went around to the front and posted him
self behind a rock, whence he fired several
more shots, making ten in aIL Three
bullets went through the front window
and one of them just missed a woman who
was temporarily stopping at tiie Davis
residence.
After the man had stationed himself
behind the rock Davis stepped out with
his nflt and when a shot was fired he saw
the flash and commenced shooting. The
fellow jumped and ran and as he crossed
an opening Davis fired three more shots
t him, but it was too dark to tell whether
any of them took effect. Probably tney
did not, as there were no traces of blood.
No clew has yet been found to lead to
arrests.
TO CUIiK A COLli IN ONK DAT
Take laxative Bronio Quinine Table us. Ail drug
gisu xeiuad Uie money if it i9.Ua to cut, £>c
CHARGE BERKELEY
WITH COWARDICE
Stanford's Men Bitter
Over the Field Day
Dispute.
Declare That They Have Been
Robbed of a Certain
Victory.
The Intercollegiate Controversy as
Viewed From a Palo Alto
Standpoint.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., April
18. — The news that the intercollegiate
nekl-day between the University of Cali
lornia and Stanford had been declared
off, owing to tii a inability of the mana
gers and the faculty committees of the
two universities to reacu »n agreement,
was received with great regret in athletic
circles at Stanford— not that the senti
ment here is opposed to the stand taken
by Manager Brown, but because the re
fusal of the Berkeley management to agree
to his position is regarded as virtually
robbing Stanford of a brilliant athletic
victory.
The cardinal Athletes have worked
harder than ever before, and were last
apDroaching a form which would have
undoubtedly established Stanford's su
premacy on the track. Brunton, Morgan,
Dole, Burnette, Fickert and Hazzard are
in the pink of condition, ana could have
been expeofed to surpass previous inter
collegiate records in almost every event
entered. The refusal of the Berksley man
agement, coming at this time, is taken as
an acknowledgment of (Stanford's su
premacy.
The fact that the University of Califor
nia management did not make its de
mands until such a short time before the
field day, when the nature of both teams
was well known, is regarded as conclusive
evidence that Berkeley realized that Stan
ford had a greater number of men able to
win first places and that in order to win
Berkeley would have to rely upon second
places in a large degree. By counting
second places three points instead of two,
as formerly, they would raise their
chances of winning the field day propor
tionately.
Furthermore, the time when amend*
ments to the athletic agreement between
the two colleges is regularly made is in
February, when committees from the
athletes of each college meet to consider
amendments, which each college has a
right to propose. Unless amendments
are suggested to this committee the pre
vious agreement i 9 supposed to stand un
altered. The University of California
committee made no proposal last Febru
ary to change the method of counting five
for firsts, two for seconds and one for
thirds, which has prevailed for the last
two years ana was so fixed at Berkeley's
request. To change the scale of points
whenever Berkeley felt her chances would
be improved by a readjustment would be
unjust and unsportsmanlike. Berkeley
did not object to the scale of five, two and
one last year, and Stanford now asks,
"Why this year?"
Manager Brown has the entire support
of the student body back of him. The
view of the controversy from the Stanford
standpoint is well expressed by George
Bliss Culver in the Sequoia.
Last week Dave Brown received a letter
from Theodore Barnes, the U. C. track mana
ger. The letter informed Dave that the U. C.
executive committee of athletic affairs had
met and decided that the points for the inter
collegiate meet should be 5 for first, 3 for sec
ond and 1 for third places. Heretofore the
points have been 5, 2 and 1. We see no rea
son for changing; them, nor aid Dare fancy
the idea of being dictated to. It takes a good
deal to stir up Dave, but there are limits to
patience, and when he telegraphed back to
Barnes the message was something like this:
Wlli yon accept tbe management of the Stanford
track team? Keply at once. D. K. Bbown.
The proposition made by Berkeley at the
eleventh hour, to change the long existing
method or scoring, is absurd and nonsensical.
Our manager has the backing of every one in
the stand he has iaken, and we are in a posi
tion to stand by him.
For years we have conceded everything to
U. C. We have competed against ail sorts of
men, from ball players who had not any pre
tense of being college men, aown to Art School
athletes and men from the various affiliated
colleges. But events have so shaped them
selves that we are now ready to stand for what
we know to be rignt.
TACOMA GIRLS' ADVENTURE.
Reported Attack by an Octopus Upon Two
Young We mm on Puget
Sound.
TACOMA, Wash., April 18.— Katie Her
bruck and Lillian McKeehan while in a
boat collecting sea urchins and star fishes
in Puget Sound yesterday were attacked
by a monster devil fish measuring over
twelve ieet between the ends of opposite
arms.
Their first warning of the presence of
he octopns came when it thrust an arm
into the boat, catching Miss Herbruck by
the foot. She screamed and pulled, finally
escaping by dexterously slipping off her
shoe.
Then began a battle royal. The octopus
whipped the sound until foam covered its
surface, endeavoring all the while to
fasten i i b tentacles about the boat's occu
pants. The youns women responded by
vigorously poundins; the fish with the
ours and a fis-hhook.
Finally the octopus twisted an arm
about the cross piece in the Doat's bow
and headed for the sea. The girls suc
ceeded in catting off the tentacle after be
ing towed for some distance. Another
stroke killed the monster, which was then
dragged into the boat. It weighed 110
pounds and had eight arms.
MiSS BUCHANAN
WIELDS A WHIP
James P. Treadwell of
San Jose Attacked by
His Nemesis.
Cowhide Plied Vigorously on
One of the City's Main
Thoroughfares.
The Young Millionaire Wards Off
the Blows and Is but Slightly
Punished.
SAN JOSE, Cal.. April 18.— Jam«3 P.
Treauweil, one of the heirs of the TreaJ
well millions, was horsewhipped on First
street about 11 o'clock last night by Louise
Buchanan, a young woman with whom he
nus bad considerable trouble.
Miss Buchanan waß a member of the
Bloomer Minstrels, which played here
last week. 6he left the troupe at Salinas
a few days ago and returned to this city.
Last evening she and a Miss Sinclair, also
an ex-Bloomerite, started out with the in
tention of horsewhipping Treadwell. They
met their victim on First street, near Santa
Clara avenue, and Miss Buchanan struck
Treadwell five timos with a small cowhide
she carried.
Treadweli partially warded off the
biows with his cane and received but
slight punishment. He threatened to call
an officer and the women desisted. They
went across the street and stood around
for a half hour, apparently waiting for
another chance to assail young Tread
well.
Louise Buchanan first came to San Jose
from San Francisco several years ago and
made her home with the family of Abe
Golden, the proprietor of a candy-store.
She became acquainted with young Tread
well and the two went together a great
deal. Finally she accused him of causing
her downfall under promise of marriage.
The affair was hushed up and Miss
Buchanan went to San Francisco to live.
When Tread well's alleged marriage to a
young widow of San Francisco was re
ported a few months ago, Miss Buchanan
returned to San Jose with the avowed in
tention of "doing him up." One evening
she sent word to Tread well that she wanted
to see him in a room in the rear of the
Louvre saloon. "When be appeared the
Buchanan woman and a male escort at
tempted to administer a beating. He
fought them off and in the mele the girl
received a black eye. She had Treadweil
arrested for battery, but before the trial
came on she uaid th« costs and had the
case dismissed.
t>erriee* in the Churchta.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April 18.— Appropriate
Easter services were held in the various
churches of the city to-day. The places
or worship were all prettily decorated
with calla lilies, roses and smilax. Ex
ceptionally fine musical programmes were
rendered at St. Mary's, St. Patrick's and
St. Joseph's Catholic churches and Trin
ity Episcopal Church. The Knights Tem
plar attended services at the First Presby
terian Church. Several of the Sunday
schools held Easter exercises this evening.
Odd Fellow* Will Celebrate.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April 18.— The Odd
Fellow societies of this city, Los Gatos,
Campbell and Santa Clara will observe
Odd Fellows' day (April 26) with a basket
picnic at Alum Rock Park. District At
torney Herrington will be the orator.
There will be dancing at the park. This
will be the largest gathering of Odd Fel
lows ever assembled in the county. In
tne evening there will be a ball and enter
tainment at Turn Verein.
Pure Food Congrea* rtelrgatt*.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April 18.— Mayor
Koch has named the following citizens to
represent this city at the pure food con
jrress to be held in San Francisco on April
30: Professor C. H. Allen, W. H. Wrieht,
E. S. Smith, William (iinty, E. H. Weni-
Dle, Colonel T. R. Weaver, J. n. Flick
inger, E. E. Chase, Maurice O'Brien and
L. Callisch. San Jose Grange eelected
Captain Frank Dunn as delegate to the
pure food congress.
Caught Looting a Boom.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April 1&— Jamts
Simpson, a young man about 20 years of
age, was caueht in the act of looting a
room in Turn Verein Hall of a lot of cigars
at an early hour this mcrnin -.•. A Mexican
ball was in progress at the time. A com
plaint chargin? him with burglary will be
sworn to in the morning.
.Fire in a Star* Building.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April 18.— The store
building known as "The Mart," at the
corner of Market and St. James streets,
was badly damaged by fire this morning.
The stock and household goods of A.
Phillips were destroyed. His loss is $1000 ;
no insurance.
LA FIESTA COLORS
DECK EACH STREET
Finishing Touches Put
Upon Los Angreles*
Decorations.
Buildings and Thoroughfares
Clad in Bright-Hued
Bunting.
Chinese Population Preparing
Unique Features for the
Floral Parade.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., April 18.— La
Fiesta decorations have sprang into form
on the principal streets, the public build
ings and the leading hotels during the
past twenty-four hours as if by magic.
The beautiful tri-colors line Broadway and
Bpring street from First south for many
blocks. These are suspended upon wires
which were stretched for the purpose last
night In addition to these double lines
of wires upou which are attached tiesta
colored bunting and which alternate and
are placed at regular intervals of four feet
apart, many arcttes of wire, gaily deco
rated with the colors, meet at the center
of the streets.
The courthouse and other public bnild
ings are beautifully decked. Among
the most gorgeously decorated hotels the
new Van Nuvs leads with a profusion of
fiesta-colored bunting which has never
been equaled heretofore in Los Angeles.
It is now known that the Chinese popu
lation will discount all former efforts in
NEW TO-DAT
"Red Lettei Day?'
To-day's Special is Bedroom Suits— Good Bedroom
Suits. Bedroom Suits that are honestly made — nicely pol-
ished—carved—stylish. Bedroom Suits that add cheer to
the — pleasant to look at and live with.
* .■.■" .v "" V J A
1 .^^^ >
This Suit we regularly sell for $60— To-day's "Red
Letter" price is $38.
Golden Birch— rich, wavy grain. The carvings are dainty, in keep-
ing with the wood. The mirror is French plate, shaped and deeply
beveled. Washstand to match.
Reductions in every grade of Suits in Oak, Golden
Birch, Birdseye Maple and Mahogany.
Remember, too, that every Suit m this store has some-
thing besides low price to commend it.
California Furniture Company.
N. P. Cole & Co., carpct3>
1 1 7-1 1 Geary Street. . Satungs.
u/r a 1/
ACHING ft^w
backs Jbn^
Are a warning of disease. How often men and .W. frfJ^l&^/r^Z^Sshs^f^l
women are heard to remark, "I have a weak « <i3k. fy*&mW,M&r 'WS^WkW*
back," or "My back aches." L'ttle do most of t^OWH rt&'^ttZSr _^^Sp f -ttV-^Rt I V*SSrd?
them realize that these are positive indications vA££sx£Jsti&.'»<& r - . : v!3aaa»J-e***^* ! * v : "*sSii's^)l
of diseased kidneys and that if medical advice
and treatment are not sought at once a*fatal DOCTOR SWEANY
termination is sure to follow. A dangerous *
ture of tnls disease is that there is no pain In Whose Reputation X* K«taiilishf>rl by
the kidneys themselves. Its presence is told by ; Ten Years of Acknowledged Success
other organs. There is often a throbbing at 737 Market htreet. San Fraiiciaso.
headache, the heart action is irregular, the face is pale and pufly, the appetite is rickle, there
is a brlckdust deposit in the urine, and partial or total loss of sexual power; there is a fre-
quent desire to urinate. If you have any of these symptoms your kidneys are diseased and
prompt action is necessary or it will terminate in diabetes or Bright's disease, with the usual
fatal ending of these terri Die maladies. Consult Dr. Sweany; he will cure you! -
Diseases of Young, Middle- Aged and Old Men,
Which weaken the body and the brain, causing nervous debility in all its distressing forms
such as wasting away and atrophy of the organs, night emissions, Anting which
sap the vitality, weak and (ailing: manhood, aching back and disea«<-d kidneys
a red feeling, fear of danger or death, difficult breathing, loss of appotit«. de-
fective eyesight, pains in tue head and shoulders, cramps in the muic!«< of the
body, dizziness and falling sensations, pimples on tha face, dark circl<-« under
the eyes, palpitation of the heart, despondency, poor memory,' ringing in ths
ears, blood rushing to the head, a wandering mind, Inflamed glands, hy irur<-le
Inflammation and irritation of the bladder, difficult urination; gleet, gonorrhea*
stricture, syphilis »nd all other <ti souses of the generative organs are .n: :• . 1.1 1.1 >'
cured by Dr. Sweeny's treatment. This distinguished specialist also treats aid cures 11
Diseases of the Eye, Ear, Head, Throat, Lungs, Stomach, Liver and Bovv.-l*, Kid-
neys, Weak and Undeveloped Organs; also, Rheumatism, Catarrh, Heart Tioubles.
Blood and Skin Diseases, Piles and Fistula. '
Rupture is cured by Dr. Sweany with his new and painless treatment without any deten-
tion from business. His treatment of Vaiicocele has also proved a boon to sufferers of this
distressing a ffliction, as it attacks the cause of the trouble and strengthens and restores tha
parts to their natural condition. • ■ " * U9
Dr. Sweany's purely . ■ .
Scientific Treatment Invariably Cures
The most pronounced cases of any and all the above ailments. It is the result of a lifelon?
study of these diseases, and is absolutely original with him. He has treated thousands of
sufferers throughout the land, and is constantly in receipt of au avalanche of testimonials
from people of all classes and stations in life, who express profound gratitude for the won-
derful cures wrought by him, and who have requested the doctor to use their names Dr
Sweany has always made it an invariable rule not to publish names. Acknowledgments of
cures are not shown to callers unless especially requested to do so by the parties writing
them. Absolute secrecy Is maintained In all professional dealings, j Medicines when sent are
securely sealed in plain packages. All letters are answered by the doctor in person ner-
sonal visit Is always to be preferred, but for those. who are unable to call Dr. Sweany has
developed a system of Home Treatment that is entirely his own. Thousands' are cured at
home by means of correspondence and medicines sent them a* directed. Letters are answered
In all languages. " . - : . ,
:f\ 3-- s"wbany, 3VE.XX,
737 Market Street, San Francisco, Cal.
its part of the programme. The monster
dragon is to be in line. This huge beast
will tax the energies of a hundred well
fed men to support it It is said to have
grown several ieet since its last appear*
ance in public. It was of immense length
before, but a Chinese dragon does not at
tain its full size until it is from 3000 to
4000 years of age.
The dragon is this year to have an amia»
ble companion in the form of an Oriental
lion. The lion of the Chinese jungle is
much more savage than hit brother of the
African wilds. He is g;otesque in ap
pearance and great in size. The one to
take part in the parade on Wednesday ia
the only one in captivity and was im
ported at great expense, rie will be cared
for by iwentv-five men specially selecied
for the work. The lion is recognized
among the Chinese as the bearer of good
luck.
GRASS VALLEY SHOOTING.
Citizen Wounded While Trying to Prevent
a Killing During a Street
Fight.
GRASS VALLEY, Cal., April 18.— John
Low was wound-.'d by a bullet in tne arm
last midnight while trying to save the life
of one of the principals in a street affray.
The shot was fired by Thomas Trenberth,
and the intended victim was James
Rodda, but instead of striking Rodda tha
bullet hit Low, who sought to prevent
Trenberth from using the pistol.
A prize-fight was to take place at the
Athletic Club last nijrht between John
Trenberth, a son of Thomas Trenberth,
and Charles Davey. The former had bested
the latter in a previous con eat, and, it
appears, was anxious tor another battle.
but for aome reason the fight was declared
off yesterday. Rodda had been training
Davey for iwo weeks past, and was eager
to have the contest take place. Rodda
met Trenberth Sr. last night and they
qu.irreled. Rodda remarked:
"Davey can wh p your boy, and I can
whip you."
Trenberth claims that Rodda attempted
to strike him, whereupon he shot at
Rodda, but wounded John Low. Tren
berth was arrested, and is now out on
bail.
34
MONDAY APKTL 19,1897
CHARLES M. SHORTRIUUti,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postajra Free:
J«ally and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier.. 80.15
Dally and Sunday Call. one year.by ma 11 . .. 6.00
Dally and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 3.00
Dally and Sunday Calx, three months by mail 1.60
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mall- .65
Sunday Call, «ne year, by mall 1.60
Wukly Call, one year, by mail 1.60
BUSINESS OFFICB:
?1O Market Street,
aB I mncUcu, California.
Telephone M»ln-1808
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
6 17 Clay Street.
Telephone a£*ln-187e
BRANCH OFFICES:
527 Montgomery street, corner Clay ; open until
9:39 o'clock.
889 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
616 Larkla street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, open
trill 9 o'clock.
'.618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
167 Nlalh street, open until 9 o'clock.
1503 Folk street; open until 0-.30 o'clock.
KW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open till 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICB
908 Broad nay.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Rooms 81 and 82, 3* Park Row. New TOT* City.
DAVIS M. FOLTZ, Eastern Manager.
IMB CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
The Easter bonnets were lovely.
Begin tho week by subscribing to the
Balboa avenue fund.
The bie tbing of the week Is the Los
Angeles fiesta. Take it in if you can.
The Queen's diamond jubilee year Is to
be a blood and thunder season after all.
Now is the time for the Kaiser to prance
forth as the arbiter of Europe ana pat on
another uniform.
The Senate does not expect to finish
with the tariff before the middle of June,
and the House has a tiicnic.
While the Greeks and Turks are fight
ing the powers will pet together and ar
range for a division of the spoils.
It is now clear that the intentions of the
pacilic blockade did no more than pave
the way for both Greece and Turkey to
raise Cain.
McKinley is said to have bought in Ken
tucity a saddle-horse "with all the gaits,"
and possibly he may nave something of a
style also.
A man of the age of Mr. Gladstone may
call the Czar anJ the Kaiser "youthful
despots," bat they are not so very ycuth
3ul af:er all.
It will not be safe to bet on the tight
between Greece and Turkey until the sec
onds on each side have showu themselves
in the ring.
If the financial editor of the New York
Tunes is right in sayine "Wai. 1 street tries
to be hopeful, wants to be confident, but
i? nervous," then Wall street should come
West and invigorate itself.
. All parts of California should send large
de.egations and excursions to take part in
the fiesta at Los Angeles. As tne festival
has now acquired a National reputation
It certainly deserves a State wide support.
The ground on which was fought the
battle of Marathon is now the property of
the Greet Minister of War. and in defy
ing the powers he is sirup y standing his
cvn ground and drawing Inspiration from
bis own fields.
irome British papers are quite vociferous
in declaring a willingness to fight Presi
dent Kru-rer and Kaiser William com
bined, but this show of bravery may te
only a dodge to hide an unwillingness to
fight the Turk and be!p Greece out.
On July 4, ISII, the Pennsylvania Soci
ety of the Cincinnati resolved to build in
Pniladelphia a monument to Washington,
and straightway b n gan to raise money for
the enterprise. The monument is to be
unveiled May 15. Pennsylvania is slow,
but she gets there.
If the Macedonians, Bulgarians and
Servians decide to take a part in the fight
against Tnrfcey, the existence of that em
pire in Europe will be virtually at an end,
and then would come a scramble for the
spoils that would probably continue the
war to the end of the century.
The fight between Greece and Turkey
will be interesting, but all the same pub
lic attention will be directed less to it than
to the big powers that are watching it. A
siigt ?lip in diplomacy somewhere may
start another war that would overshadow
this one and make it seem likea sideshow.
While some people in New York mourn
the disbanding of the Patriarchs, «n ir
reverent critic declares the only public
function the organization ever performed
was to define New YorK society, and be
adds: "It is doubtful whether New York
society was in the least better off for be
ing defined."
Benator Mason's joint resolution provid
ing for an American exhibit at the Paris
exposition doesn't carry the appropria
tion we might have expected from a
Chicago man. What would Mr. Mason
have thought if France had considered
that $2C0,000 wonld be enough for her dis
play at Cuicago?
If all reports are true of the amounts of
money Americans are paying for the lease
of windows overlooking the route ot the
Queen's jubilee procession, it would seem
that her Majesty's parade will just make an
American holiday, but whetheritii worth
while to pay fo much to see so little is a
question for a debating society.
There is a belief prevalent that the peo
ple of New England talk of nothing but
science, art and philosophy, but now
comes a man and writes to the New
liaven Register to Rsk if there Is a board
ing-house in that city where the boarders
can talk of something besides bicycles, so
it is evident that in Connecticut at any rate
the people are as human as the rest of us.
By way of refuting the fljpincy with
which the papers of New Yoik and Chi
cago refer to Philadelphia as an over
grown village the Inquirer ol that city
calls attention to the fact that Philadel
phia has more asphalted streets than N;-w
York, more houses for homes than New
York and Brooklyn combined, more elec
tric lights than New York and Chicago
put together, and, moreover, is the only
city In the Union which maintains a
bourse and a commercial museum. If
these attainments do not lift Philadelphia
above the rank of a village, what do New
York and Chicago call themselves?
CONSTANTINOPLE.
The war between Greece and Turkey,
and the extreme caution of the opposing
statesmen of the nations of Europe on the
subject, attract attention to the magni
tude of the prize that is to fall to new
hands in case the concert of Europe is
broken and the policy of the integrity of
the Turkish empire i 9 abandoned. Con
stantinople, the gateway between Europe
and Asia, in the possession of either Eng
land or Russia, mi^ht, if used ambitiously
and aggressively, niako ihe country that
seized it practically mistress of the word.
Great kings and conquerors and philos
ophical historians have for long ages
recognized this as the best site on earth
for a great dominating world's capital.
Its i osition as offering dual control of two
Kreat continent?. b">th as a vantage point
of war and commerce, makes it the most
tempting spot on the surface of the globe
over which to wield dominion. Russia
once established there could say to Kng
land In the assured language of the chess
player with the game practically won,
"Check to your queen."
Englishmen themselves admit that with
Russia in Constantinople English fleets
could thereafter only visit the Mediter
ranean by courtesy of the bear, and they
say further it would be absurd to suppose
that from such a vantage ground the bear
would deny himself the easy domination
of Asiatic lands that lay southward in
reach of his paws.
It is the inestimable value of the ground
on which the Sultan stands that enables
him so long to feebly play at sovereignty,
while permitted massacres make bis gov
ernment a mockery and shock the sensi
bilities of civilized peoples. The great
nations, jealous of each other, prefer that
a sick man should occupy tho dominant
situation, no matter what wickedness his
weakness does or allows, rather than risk
the passing of such an advantage to a
rival.
Some of the speakers and writers, even
of the Liberal party, in England have
freely confessed this In recent utterances.
There is a certain sense, in which even
the Liberals believe, in the preservation
of the Turk's empire. They seem actu
ated by mixed motives, and half condemn
and half commend the Premier; and by
their flat refusal to accept the challenge
thrown down to them to carry a vote of
censure against the policy of those en
trusted with the Government they prove
a vacillation betweeu desire and dread,
which would most likely make them hesi
tate if the great responsibilities were sud
denly thrust upon them.
The wish to prevent Russia from be
striding the narrow world like a colossus
evidently outweighs their repugnance to
the Moslem's tyrant rule over Christians
in Crete and Armenia. The great prob
lem of Constantinople's lntnre makes an
interesting subject of speculation, and it
has thus engaged the attention of the
worid for generations.
The time for speculating on the prob
lem i*, however, rapidly passing away,
even i! it be not already past. The pres
ent war brings all the factors of that prob
lem into the arena of the urgent issues of
the day. It seem.i aa if the solution can
not be much lonner postDoned, notwith
standing the fact that as Constantinople
and the dominion over a -'arge part of the
world are mighty stakes to play for.it is
not to be wondered that the powers hesi
tate to enter upon the division of such
spoils.
A TRENCH EXPERIMENT.
In an article reviewing the development
of the use of wator power in generating
electricity for transmission to distant
points the Boston Herald gives California
credit for having led the way in demon
strating the possibility of achieving prac
tical results in such enterprises. We have
not, however, kept pace witti other parts
ot the world in work of this kind and we
must now look elsewhere for the must im
portant and impressive results.
The great works established at Niagara
have eclipsed all that has been done in
California, and have been the real stimu
lus to similar enterprises elsewhere. Tnat
plant is built on sucti an immense scale
that it excites the imagination and
prompts men of capital and engineers of
skill to imitate the feat, and therefore has
Had a wide influence not only in America
but throughout the civilized world.
One of the most notable results of the
study of the Niagara experiment is re
ported from France, where the military
and civil authorities at Briancon have
combined to get light, heat and motive
power out of a small waterfall at some
distance from the town.
Briancon is the center of a mountain
ous country and is extremely difficult of
access. Fuel costs a great deal because of
the difficulty of transportation, and even
oil for lighting purposes costs so much
that it imposes a heavy tax upon the
authorities and the inhabitants. It wa<
therefore of prime importance to the com
munity to devise some means of obtain
ing cheaper power for lights, heating and
energy, and the Niagara experiment
turned their attention to the waterfalls in
the mountains as a possible soured of
supply for these requirements.
Under the direction of the War Depart
ment of France an electric plant was es
tablished at a point where it could be fed
by power derived from a waterfall, and
from this plant there has been derived an
energy not only sufficient to furnish the
city with lights, but also to run cars for
the transportation of freight. Aerial ca
bles have been erected between the cen
tral storehouses and de»ched forts
perched at considerable altitudes among
the surrounding mountains, and these
posts are now supplied wltii munitions
and all other requirements at a cost com
paratively slight when contrasted with the
expenditures which were formeriy neces
sary.
The experiment, according to reports,
has been successful in every way. It has
furnished the community with lisht, fuel,
cheap transportation, euergy sufficient for
considerable manufactures and has sap
plied the War Department with a prompt
means of maintaining its garrisons in the
mountains. It therefore embodies a good
object lesson for us. Since California led
the way in matters of this kind it would
soem that we rr.i«ht profitably follow the
procession which we started and once
more take a position in the front rank.
AUSTRALIAN FEDERATION.
It is altogether likely that the most
notable event of the sixtieth year that
Victoria has reigned over the British em
pire will be the accomplishment of the
federation of the Australian colonies.
The creation of a united Australia, which
has been under consideration for a long
time, is now in a fair way to be attained,
and there are prospects that it will be re
alized during the coming summer.
The convention to which was com
mitted the task of formulating a plan of
union and drawing up a constitution for
the new federation has completed its
work in a manner that seems to be fairly
satisfactory to the people of all tne coio
uies. The work performed by them has
been submitted to the Parliaments of the
various colonial, not for amendment or
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 19, 1897.
ratification, but simply for discussion and
criticism. When this is over the conven
tion will meet again and revise the work
in the light of the criticism pronounced
upon it in the various Parliaments and
the constitution will then be submitted to
tha people.
It vai the desire of the promoters of
Australian federation to include Tas
mania and New Zealand as well as the
colonies of Australia itself. It is doubt
ful, however, whether New Zealand will
consent to join ths union. She is 1200
miles distant from Australia and her
people naturally ieel that there would be
a disadvantage to them in having a seat
of government so fnr removed. With the
exception of New Zealand, however, all
the other colonies are inclined to the plan.
The constitution as proposed bears a
close resemblance to the form of govern
ment adopted for the federation of the
Canadian provinces, and is not widely
different from that of the United States.
Tie various colonies now existine are to
remain entirely autonomous in local af
fairs. Customs and excise and army and
navy are to be under Federal control.
Tnere is to be a Federal Parliament, con
sisting of a Senate aud a House of Repre
sentatives, together with a GoVernor-Gen
eral appointed by the crown and a Fed
eral Supreme Court.
The new constitution will go into effect
if adopted by three of the seven colonies.
It will be binding, however, only upon
those that adopt it, leaving the others free
to continue their separate government un
til such time as they see the advantage of
entering the union.
There can be no question that federa
tion will strengthen the prestige of the
Australian people by binding them to
gether at one nation, but what effect it
will have upon tn« relation of Australia
to the British empire cannot be foreseen.
It may awaken a national spirit which
will prompt them to establish complete
independence, or it may serve to confirm
their loyalty to the crown and etrengthea
their pride in being a part of the world
wide empire over which ihe Queen rules.
In any cas«, the successful accomplish
ment of the union of the colonies will be
a political event of the first importance in
the world's history and the starting point
for a new era of development in that part
of the globe.
COASI EXCHANGES
The Morgan Hlil Sun recently celebrated lti
third birthday anniversary.
A special fiesta edition of the Los Angeles
Hc-ald, consisting of forty-four pages, will be
issued ou Sunday next.
The Hollister Bee buzzed around the Easter
flowers in an enlarged edition of sixteen pages
with a bright new Lover.
The newspapers of F.acerville are discussing
a proposition to erect a cauuery in that town.
Tha citixens are called upon to co-operate.
It seems probable that Los Gatos will shortly
issue bonds to tha value of $15,000 to be ex
pended, according to the Mai., in perfecting
the sewer «ys. em, procuring a fire alarm sys
tem and building a town hail and jail.
Santa Rosa recently obtained a large woolen
mill, aud is now iv a iair way to have a shoe
factory added to her enterprises, it will prob
ably be a branch of the Belcher factory m this
City, accordiui,' to tho Santa Rosa Prcts.
Lake View Is to have a carnival. The Clear
LeKe Prtts says that the reports lrom the coia
uiiuee organized to conduct tne same are very
encouraging. Bicycle ami water sports will be
amoug the main leaturaa of the festive occa
slou.
The ChronieU- Record remark! that a practical
step toward a. system of permanent road Im
provement has been taken by the municipality
of chlco in its purchase ot a fourth interest in
a rock-crusher. The other three-fourth* in
terest Is owned by Butte County.
The Winters Independent calls upon the peo
ple of that section to hold a fruit carnival as a
means of advertising the county. It thinks a
fruit carnival will be a novel improvement
over the rose fairs and waier carnivals which
its sister cities have been holding.
The Advocate, published monthly in this
City, hag taken a new departure. Hereafter It
will be largely devoted to mining, irrigation,
agriculture, gooa roads and other kinured
pursuits. Ueorgo H. Mnxweil is the editor,
and be is assisted by George F. Weeks, a well
known newspaper man.
The creamery industry, which Is becoming
so prevalent throughout the State, seems to
have reached Its highest perfection in Co. us*
County. The Coiusa Sun remarks that "it
looks like business to gee thirty or forty wag
ons, buggies, etc., waiting at the creamery for
a chance to uuload their milk."
W. H. Mellck, editor and proprietor of the
Antelope Gaxclte, and a member of the Legisla
ture, has purchased ihe controlling interest in
the Pasadena Sews. The Star of that town,
in welcoming him to the local field, hopes
that ''in the rose leaves which bestrew hU
path there may be but few thorns."
The Republic of Placerville reports that the
Lincoln Fruit Cannery is a success in every
way. Its labor expenses per month while run
ning have been $2000 and ihe outlay lor fruit
$7000. The amount of sugar us«d was 100,
--000 pounds, costing aboul $4000. The man
agement expects to talco on tifty more hands
during the coming season.
The Sonoma County Farmer hns its eye upon
the neighboring towns. It notes that Guerne
ville has organized an improvement club
with a view to rendering the town and the
adjacent country a more attractive summer
resort. The Russian River, where It pesscs
Meeker's Grove, will be dammed to form a
boating aud swimming pool four miles long.
The city of San Diego |hai a proposition be
fore it to allow the free use of sixty acres of
the city park for fire years to a tobacco com
pany for tbe cultivation of tobacco. The ob
ject is not an unadvantaseous one for San
Diego inasmuch as it Has in view the demon
stration in public of the possibilities of the
county in that direction.
The Riverside Preas watches the orange sales
with au eagle eye and has statistics always at
the tipof its pen. It observes that the sales of
California oranges in the New York market
week before last amounted to sixty-nine car
loads, one car of navels bringing prices from
$3 11 per box for 96's up to $4 16 lor 176's,
the hignest average for the season.
Two papers in the State, the Red Blaff Senti
nel and the Colusa Sun. are holding voting con
tests witn a view to sending the most popular
teacher of their respective counties on a vaca
tion trip. The Sentinel proposes to send its
teacher to San Francisco for a week, while the
Sun will send Us choice to Alaska. Teachers
seom to be very popular with the interior
press.
The Salinas Index calls attention to the fact
that on the 4th day oi next month the electors
of its town will vote upon a proposition to
issue $75,000 worth of bonds, $40,000 fora
system of sewerage and $35,000 lor a public
school building. The Index cites this incident
in the prosrrenß of Salinas as an example of the
recent burst of enterprise which has arisen In
the town.
The Petaluma Argu* draws attention to the
importance of the uew law requiring all the
different grades of cheese made in California
to be branded. The State Dairy Bureau will
issue, free of charge, to all persons or firms,
consecutively numbered brands of the differ
ent grades of cheese as required, applications
for which must be mad* in writing. This ii
another movo toward Insuring the purity of
food in this Slate.
The Merced Express caustically remark* that
those persons oi Fresno County who are throw
ing every opposition possible In the way of se
curing me right of way for the Valley Rail
road by holdiuK out lor unreasonable prices
for their land are the kind of people who want
low price* for every thing they hare to buy and
high prices for everything they want to sell.
The Expreti is evidently not enamored of that
particular variety of reform.
The St. Helena Sentinel is the latest paper to
be talking enthusiastically about a board of
trade, such an institution having recently
been established in Napa County. A cream
ery also It among the new enterprises under
discussion. A meetiug of citizens for the pur
pose of furthering these various undertakings
will be held this evening.
The Willows Journal advises the Supnrvisors
of its county to keep a permanent exhibit of
the county's products in a room of the Court
house, ko that visitors to the town, goin? first
to tue Courthouse on their inspection tour,
may find an "index of the county's resources
spread comprehensively before them." It Is a
somewhat original idea and might be profit
ably followed by other counties.
NEWS OF FORE.G,\ NAVIES
Great Britain has ninety-eight first-class
torpedo-boats iv commission.
Chatham dockyard expended $2,400,000 in
wages during the past fiscal year. For the en
suing year the wages account has been re
duced about $200,000.
The German naval budget for 1897-98 pro
vided for $45,720,750 and comprised an addl
tion of forty-six vessels to the navy, namely
five sea-going armor-clads, two monitors, two
harbor-defense batteries, ten cruisers, five dis
pstch boats and twenty-two torpedo boats.
The Reichstag, however, did not receive the
Emperor's plan favorably and the appropria
tion* as linally passed exceeded the present
year's allowance very slightly.
The Blake, British cruiser of 9000 tons, had
a four hours' steam trial on March 25, auriag
which she averaged 14,50<J horsepower and
19.2 knots' speed by log. immediately there
after the ship entered on her twenty hours'
trial on three-fiftns of her natural draught
power and gave an average of 8445 horse
power and lO.iJft knots' speed. The Blake wns
built In 18S9, and on her trial trip in 1891
failed to make the intended speed of 22 kuois
on 20,000 horsepower. The power reached
only 14,450 under natural draught, the speed
19 112 knots, and has not been improved upon
until now after her recent refit.
The Japanese battle-ship Fuji, 12,230 tons,
bu lit at the Thames Iron Works, London, con
eluded her trials March 23. On tne first day
the ship made four runs over a 10-knot course
in the vicinity of the Downs, and on 150
pounds of steam developed 10,200 horse
power, witn 108.5 revolutions and a speed of
16.8 knots. On the following day the Fuji
made her lull-power forced-draught trials, and
on six runs over the 10-knot course averaged
18.5 knots' speed on 14,100 horsepower, 152
pounds of steam and 120 revolutions. The
lowa, battle-ship, United States navy, which
had her trial on April 7, is 11,410 torn, ran
twice over a course of 33 miles and averaged
17 knots, which is one knot faster than her
estimated epeed. The Fuji made exactly her
contract speed.
Detailed accounts of the gun accident on the
Cissoi Veliki, Russian batt!e-»h:p, while at
target practice near Cauea on March 14, show
the frightful results attending accidents to
modern guns. It was In the after turret that
the catastrophe occurred to one of the 12-inch
Canet guns served with acharge of 200 pounds
of powder. The breech screw had not been
screwed up, and as a result the breech block,
weighing about 3000 pounds, blew out and
was driven four inches into the turret, while
the covering of the turret was split in two, one
haf eoing up as high as the maintop, and in
its fall crushing the lorward bridge, killing
seventeen men. Of the ten people in the tur
ret when the accident occurred four were
killed outright and more have died since.
Altogether thirty-three officers and men were
killed and wounded.
The navy of Turkey, quite formidable on
paper, Is to all appearances even worse than
that of China, for in Us preparations for war
with Greece only a few of the most antiquated
snips have been placed in commission, and
the ships recently built in England are
with few exceptions evidently in no fighting
condition. Turkey's navy list embraces
eighteen ironclads ranging from, thirty-three
to twelve years old and therefore anti-juated,
elgnteen cruisen thirty-eight to five years
old, twenty-seven dispatch vessels and yachts,
eleven gauboata and thirty-eight torpedo
boats. Ihe fleet which left the Bosporus on
March 25 for the Aegean Sea consisted of four
battle-ships of ancient build, one armored gun
boat of 400 tons, built In 1875. two transports,
one torpedo gunboat built in 1890, two other
nondescript craft and four first-class torpedo
boats of 85 tons. The small fleet of Greece
consists of serviceable vessels and makes up
in quality lor wnai they mar lack in size and
number.
PERSONAL.
Dr. Eastlake of Tokio, Japan, is at the Palace.
S. K. U Smith of Yokohama is at the Bald
win.
C. Fisher of Oakland is at the Cosmopolitan
Hotel.
K. Gracey, banker, of Merced ia registered at
the L'ck.
W. F. Purnell, stationer, of Sacramento la at
the Grand.
James T. Peck, a lawyer of Merced, is at the
Lick House.
A. J. ShoUhammer of Rocklin is at the Cos
mopolitan.
G. H. Primrose of minstrel celebrity is at tho
Baldwin Hotel.
P. M. Aderof Java registered at the Palace
Hotel yesterday.
George Friiach of Denver registered at the
Palacd yesterday.
Btate Senator Thomas Flint Jr. of Ban Juan
is at the Grand Hotel.
Bertram W. Kills of London registered at the
Palace Hotel yesterday.
R. C. Terry, wine-grower of Clayton, CaL, la
at the Lick House.
William Jackson Llttell, U. S. N.. la a guest
at the Occidental Hotel.
James H. Kinkead of Virginia City, Nev., is
a guest at the Palace Hotel.
Joseph D. Btronp has just finished a portrait
of Robert Louis Stevenson.
A. Neilson, merchant, of Sacramento was at
the Grand Hotel last evening.
J. Well, merchant, of Sanger, Cal., registered
at the Grand Hotel jesterday.
Professor Earl Barnes of Stanford University
was at the Grand Hotel yesterday.
C. H. Shlvley, banker, of OroTilla registered
at the Grand Hotel last evening.
i- U. Giant, a well-known contractor of Sali
nas, is stopping at the Grand Hotel.
Hans yon Schroeder, a capitalist of Berne,
Switzerland, is at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
Dr. Thomas Flint of San Juan arrived in
town yesterday and is stopping at the Grand.
N. J. Nisson, dealer in dairy products at San
Diego, registered at the Grand Hetel yesterday.
GulUermo Enrique Elisco of Mexico arrived
n the City yesterday and registered at the
Palace Hotel.
Professor O. R. Gleason of Denver, the well
known horso-trainor.registered at the Baldwin
Hotel yesterday.
Mrs. H. Grimm and Miss M. A. Fahey are
down from Mudora on a visit and are guests at
tho Cosmopolitan Hotel.
Mm Sang Ho of Korea wts among the pas
sengers that arrived from the Orient yester
day on the steamer City of Peking. His uncle
was the flr»t Minister from Korea to the United
States, and, in fact, the first duly accredited
Embassador from Korea to any o.her country.
Mln Sang Ho Is himself a distinguished Ko
rean. He registered at the Occidental Hotel
on his arrival yeßterday, and will leave San
Francisco for Washington, D. C, to-morrow
evening.
First Ueutenant F. L. Winn, Twelfth Infan
try, U. S. A., at present professor of military
■clence and tactics, University of California,
Berkeley, will probably be succeeded by First
Lieutenant Sydney A. Cloman, formerly of the
First Infantry, bat now serving with the Fit
teenib in the Southwest. Mr. Wlnn'a four
years' tour nt duty will be finished in a few
days. The leave of absence which is "coming
to him" by custom may be extended, so tbat
his desire for travel in Europe may bo grati
fied.
CALIFORNIA*^ lN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 18.-S. V. Coles ot
San Francisco is registered at tne Shore ham.
Senator White returned from California to
night.
WITH YOUR LOFFEE
She— Don't y«i think it is always difficult to
tell a woman's V c T
He— She always acts as if it was.— Richmond
Dispatch.
"Is that a good hen, Uncle Josh ?"
"A gooa hei 1" said Uucle Josh; "why that
'ar hen lays eggs as big as hailstuns."— Detroit
Free Pre-s.
Hobson— l notice that a stenographer has
Just written over 400 words a minute.
Dobson— Yes, but he's some distance behind
the actor who writes a letter on the stage.—
New York Commercial Advertiser.
Nonier— Baron Bastyuu, who married old
Flint's daughter, has the royal lily quartered
on his escutcheon.
Laura— Yes, and he has himself quartered
on his father-in-law.— Pittsburg News.
"The charge against you, prisoner," said the
magistrate, ''is that you were caught in the
act of purloining haberdashery."
"Itain't so, y'r Honor," bniveled the abject
wretch, "an' de cop knows it. All I wui doiu'
wui stealin 1 neckties."— Chicago Tribune-
"The Mississippi River is receding," ob
served the snake editor.
"Toe farmers along its banks will bare to do
the same," reuied the horse editor.
"How la that ?"
"They will have to reseed, too."— Pittsburg
Chronicle-Telegraph.
HEARTS NOi iN THE JOB-
An English officer writing from Canea,
Crete, says: "Our English firing was fairly
good, but the men's hearts were not in the
job." Henry Poole of Toronto writes these
lines, taking the officer's remark as his text:
" Thcli hearts were no: In the lob I" Great God I
What Kngllsb hearts would be
When English Millors and English guns
Are trnuKlit to lire on Kngllsh nuns,
And Salisbury stoops to the thankless work
vi soiling England to save the Turk,
By order ot UermanyT
11 Their hearts were not in the Job I" Thank God I
In at English hearts to-day-
Are as keen for honor, a- true and brave
As when Kelson's warship ruled the wave,
And -Nelson's bigni-ls, masthead high,
Cheered on the sailors to victory
In red Trafalgar's Bay.
" Their hearts were not In the Job I" Good God
If we bad our poison to.v,
With bis heart of fire, his eve of flame.
Would England stoop to such depth of shame
That England's sailors Indignant spurn
The medals taelr blood was sned to earn
If .Nelson were at the prow?
What talk of concert disturbs our rest?
What threats made England small?
When, handed and strong In right,
We burled ourselves against Kurope's might
And fought and conquered, as Greece to-day
Stands ail unaided against the fray,
Ivor fears to fail or fall.
" Their hearts were not In tne job!" Pray God
Our hear:s that word repeat:
God give our Knglanc a nobler work;
Than slaughtering Christians to pease the Turk!
Let England's honor speak out and claim
No voice, no pan in this bloody game:
No right but. 10 cleanse our English name
From the blood we shed in Crete
— Ottawa Journal.
MEN AND WOMEN
Jane, one of the three dowager Duchesses of
JJarlborougb, died in London the other day.
She was a daughter of Edward R. Stewart,
and was the third wlieof the sixth Duke of
Marlbo rough, who died In 1857.
Mlm Frances Bray has the honor of being
the second woman in the United Kingdom en
titled to add the letters LL.D. to her name.
The first. Dr. Letitia Walklngton, is likewise
an Irish woman, and a native of Belfast.
Mother Gongaga Kennelly, who is said to
have been the oldest nun in Ireland, died re
cently at the Ursullne convent, Blackrock,
County Cork. The reverend mother had spent
63 years at the convent, and was 88 years old
whan she died.
The late General William R. Terry of Rich
mond, Va., who died recently, lived for one
day in his life In the very heait of one of the
world's greatest crises. He commanded a
brigade under Plckett at Gettysburg and led it
with great courage i:i the charge on Cemetery
Ridge.
Mrs. Lorsna K. Hinkley of Pea Core, Me., at
tbe age of 94, is able to read and write with
out glasses. She is American all the way
through. Her grandfather fought in the revo
lution, her father and her husband in the war
of 1812, and lour sons, four sons-in-law and
six nephews in the war of tho rebellion.
Count de Pena Kamiro, Governor of Madrid,
has come into great disfavor with his fellow
citizens. A couple ot youthful bull-fighters,
Revertito and Buenvenida by name, were ad
vertised to appear in the capital, but the
Count prohibited the show on the ground that
the latter cf these two heroes is under 12
years of age.
WILLIAM I 10 BISMBRCK.
nis Tribute to the Man who Brought Aboct
the Gloet of Germany.
After the recent speech of William II at the
banquet of the Diet of Brandenburg, giving
his grandfather, William I, all the glory In
the re-establishment of the German empire,
Bismarck's reply was looked for with much
interest. It has just now appeared indirectly
In the fourth volume of the life of the ex-Chan
cellor, by Hcrr Horst Kohl, in which William
Ila himself put upon the witness-stand. This
volume contains a series of letters from the
old Emperor to bis Minister, and among them
is the following m his own handwriting:
Berlin*. April 1, 1883.
As nsnal, I <<mi-i you mr cordial greetings on the
anniversary which marKS the day when the Al
mighty, in bis wisdom and goodness, gave yon 10
the world and to tuel May ibis year pass by for
, you wuh less bodily pains than afflicted you cur-
I lust tbe last months of the preceding one! I know
what pour health Is: 1 have fail it seriously during
the last few weeks, when I was unable to commu
nlcAie with yon, except Indirectly, but always,
thank Hod, in perfect accord. TbU is also th«
reason way 1 am com celled to take up my pen to
day. Instead of personally visit! you. As KaUer
Is not cow very far from us. I send you, as a iou
venlr of your blessed festival of to-day, the inevi
table eec which bears the eagle that you restored
to life. May Its 11 ght be glorious in the future)
Your faithfully devoted and grateful
William
On the 4th of October, 1883, immediate!)
after the inauguration of the Uormanla statue
at Niederwald In honor of the German vic
tories, on which occasion Bismarck was ab
sent on account of illness, William I wrote to
him us follows:
Your absence on the oocaslon of the ceremonies
of th- inauguration of the monument of Nieder
wald caused me great pain, espec ally after tn.
happy is. uc of that festival. It was one of the
most successful that I ever witnessed In its order,
the manner >n which it was conduct- d, the imuoj
lug character of t.ie monument itself, tho unex
pected sunshine, and. above all, the sentiments
with which the combatants In those battles and
victories, to which the monument la const-crated
were Imbued, now, you stand In the font rank
among those men— you who brought about those
mighty event* and conducted them to their ou-
Jn-t, a glorious pence. Jo express to you one*
more publicly my thanks and my gratitude would
have been a tasK dear to my heart. But that was
not to be. .Nevertheless, I thought of yon more
than one*.
Immediately after the appearance of me
volume in question, the Hamburger Nachrlch
ten published a brief artic.e, evidently com
mumcat d, in regard to the vast number of
dispatches that were received by me ex-Chan
celioronthe centenary of William I, and al
most at the same time Count Herbert Bis
marck, speaking in the Conservative Congress
of Dresaen, uttered these bold and bitter
words:
"Bismarck Is still to-day the object of many
eumiiies on account of bis national policy,
but he regards the grossest insult with the
calm, light heart of a philosopher. His per
sonality Is historically consecrated, aud, even
thougb he may not have bis monument in
Berlin, that city in its entirety stands as his
monument."
ONE TITLE THE BISHOP MISSED.
Bishop Doane of Albany, who closely fol
lows the ways of the Church of England, often
sign* himself "William of Albany."
"Bishop," said a iellow prelat« the other
day, who is noted for his democratic ways, "do
you know that I have often r-ere: led tbat you
were uot resident in Buffalo T"
"In leed? 1 ' asked thu Bishop. "And why io?"
"Because," said the other, without a smile,
"jou couid then sign yourself 'Buffalo BilL "
Christian EndeiToreri Coming.
Artistic paper-hanging, painting and Interior
decorations. Good paper in stock 4 cents, in
graiue 9c roll. Mkrkjan, 1302 Webster it •
NOTES OF THE
NATIONAL GUARD
Major-General James Now
Favors Regimental
Camps.
The Numerical Strength of the
National Guard oi the State
of California.
Inspections Have Been Ord red—Some
thing Some of the Retired Officers
Do Net Know.
The probabilities are that there will not be
any opposition to regimental camps this year
and tiiat the request for such will be granted.
Major-General James, wno previous to tho ap
propriation for camps had beeu made by the
Legislature l.ad declared himself In favor of a
division camp, has recently changed hi* views
on the subject and is now favorable to regi
mental camps, yet sti.l holding that at some
future time a division camp would prove of
great benefit to the guard.
The announcement in this department that
Colonel H. P. Bush (retired) had been named
as Judge-advocate on the division staff, vice
James F. Smith, elected colouel ol tha First
Regiment, Second Brigade, created quite an
excitement among the members of the staff.
There is antagonism to the colonel by reason
of matters in the First Regiment Infantiy
under the old organization, and it has been
carried into the new io tne extent thai should
the nomination of Colonel Bush be confirmed
there will be a number of vacancies on the
division staff, not thai those who would re
sign have any objection to the nominee as a
man, but they are opposed to him for military
reasons.
There is, however, a probability that the
colonel will not accept the position for the
reaion that if he did it would, while he held
the position, reduce him from the rank of
colonel to lieutenant-coioneU A section of the
code regulating the National Guard gays: "A
retired officer when placed on duty will wear
the uniiorm of the organiz ition to which he is
assigned in accordance with the position ami
rank he may hold therein. When not placed
on duty he may on proper occasions wear the
uniiorm of the organization in which he was
retired." Another section says that when an
officer on the retired list is detailed for active
duty he shall be entitled to the rank vhicu
belongs to the ofiico the duties of which he is
detailed to periorm.
Tiiere are several of the prominent officers in
the guard appointed from the retired list who
evidently are not aware of the existence of
these sectioii» of the code from the fact, that
they wear the insignia they were entitled to at
the lime of reilre meat, but which they are not
entitled to wear under the appointments they
now hold. A glance at the shoulder-straps by
some ore high in authority might result In a
change in tn« insignia now worn by these offi
cers.
Lieutenant-Colonel William Edwards (re
tired) has been earned ordnance officer on the
staff oi Major-Geutral James with the rank of
lieutenant-colonel. The nominee hus ac
cepted, and he will fill the vacancy caused by
tho death of Lieutenant-Colouei J. H. Mangels,
which occurred on tho 24tn ot last January.
Tho new appointee wa-> captain and aid-de
camp to the commander of the Second Brigade
in 1888; in April, 1889, ho was major and
quartermaster of the Second Brigade, and on
August 29, the same year, he wns commis
sioned iieutenaut-colonei and assistant adju
tant-general Second Brigade, and he was re
tirea May 24, 1895.
Lieuteuant-Coionel George R. Burdict, quar
termaster on the division staff, has on act. unt
ol press ot business which prevents him from
devoting the necessary time to the dunes of
the office, asked to be relieved from duty.
Lieutenant-Colonel Philip L. Bush, uid-de
camo on the Governor's stall", a son of Colonel
H. P. Bush (retired), has been granted a cer
tificate of exemption, having served seven
years continuously in the National Guaid.
He is the youngest officer who has received
such a certiflca c, being but 21 years of age.
In February, 1890, ue was a member of the
Cadet Company, First Infantry, Second Bri
gade. In 1892 he was transferred to Com
fiany H, was promoted corporal-sergeant, and
d July, 1895, was battalion sergeant. He
afterward became corporal, sergeant, second
lieutenant and captain of University of Cali
fornia Cadcta, aud on the 2-d of February of
last year he was commissioned aid-de-camp
on Governor Budd's staff with the rank of
lieutenant-colonel.
In general orders No. 3 the strength of the
National Guard on the Ist of March is given
as follows: Commander in chief and staff. 25;
division staff, 16; three brigades and btafis,
39; three signal corps. 96; four troops cavalry,
26(5; naval battalion, 341; First Infantry (aiv.
proximntely, Company II not yet reported),
864; Second Infantry (Hpproximately, Com
pany F not yet reported), 560 ; Fifth Infantry ,
568; Sixtn Infantry (approximately, Com
panies C, D and E not yet reported), 510; Sev
enth Infantry, 803; total, 4088. Cadet Com
pany, First Infantry, 58.
Largest membership— Signal Corps, First
Brigade. 41; cavalry. Troop C, 71; naval bat
talion, Third Division, 7B; infantry, Company
F, Fifth Infaniry, 86.
The Second Brigade.
The long looked-for inspections are about to
take place. The field and staff officers and
Companies B and I will be inspected May 11.
The field musicians will be inspected on the
afternoon of the same day, and the other com
panies will be inspected on following days, the
inspections keeping up until the 17th.
The cadet company (Lowell High Bchool
Cadets) will be inspected Msy 12, Troop A
May 19 and the Signal Corps May 20.
The i nspectlons of the Fifth Regiment In
fantry will commence May 3. On that day
there will be nn inspection of Company B at
i«anJose; May 4, Companies A and F and the
band at Oakland; May 5. Company G at Aln
meda; May G, Company D at San Kafuel; May
7, Company C at Petalumn; May 8, Company
X at sail i a Kosa, and May 10, Company H at
Napa.
The officers of the First Regiment Infantry
will, through tho commander, ask for a regi
mental rnmp.
The officers of the Fifth Regiment Infantry,
at the me<Mine lust Tuesday, decided lo hold a
regimpntnl camp, and a request lor such has
been forwarded to headquarters, caking that
the time be fixed from July 17 to No
place has yet been selected ior the camp, but
as soon as permission to hold the same is
granted, Colonel Fairbanks, commanding the
regimen', will issue orders to secure a suitable
site and make arrangements for transporta
tion, after which the commissary will provide
the needful.
The lightning rapidity with which business
is transacted in tbe office oi tho adjutant-gen
eral is apparent from the following taken from
General Order No. 3. is>ued 'nst Thursday :
"Signal Corps— Charles L. Hewes to bo first
lieutennnt. stenal Corps, with rank from Feb
ruary 15, 1897, vice Perkins, promoted."
This will be news for the friends of the lieu
SEW TO-DAY.
Go to your doctor for
advice; ho is the best man
to tell you what medicine
you need. Go to your drug-
gist for your medicines; he
knows more about drugs
than a dry goods man.
Stick to your doctor and
to your druggist if you are
a sick man, but don't go to your
druggist for advice. If your
doctor tells you to get Scott's
Emulsion it is because he
knows it to be the remedy
in all conditions of wasting,
the one reliable, permanent
preparation.
Get iv bat you ask for.
tenant, who were under the Impression that
two months ago the National Guard had been
apprised of Hewes' promotion, but they were
mistaken, for a promotion is not known until
officially proclaimed, and from the paragraph
quoted it seems that it takes two months to
make such a fact known.
The Third Brigade. I
SACRAMENTO, Cal., April Company G /
has decided that it will not go to San Fran-'
cisco in May, as has been proposed. As a com
pany it is In favor of going into regimental
camp, instead of a brigade camp, as has been
rumored, will be the case this year. Their
reasons for wishing a regimental camp are
various, one of the most important being that
the movements are ponderous and require too
much unnecessary inarching when drilling.
The members of the company are great
stickers for actual military duty in camp and
are anxious to encourage a general discussion
of this matter with a view of arriving at the
sentiment of the guard at Inrge.
First Sergeant William Kello?g has decided
to give up the military and lias made applica
tion for his discharge and exemption, having
been a member tor ten years. Ihe company
will feel his loss greatly and pressure is being
brought to bear to persuade him to remitiu
another three years, as the company feels that
It can ill afford to lose him. *■>£?*<
A team shoot was held last Sunday between
two sections of the company composed ot
fifteen men each, under the leadership of
Sergeants de Finnes and Guth, the men of the
latter being the winners by a small majority.
A heavy wind was blowing and the scores
were not what they would have been under
different circumstances. The losing team wan
to have paid the expenses of a "smoker," but
ii has been decided to turn the cost of the
"smoker" over to the committee on entertain
ment and ii will go toward paying the ex
penses of a ladies' night, which will take place
some time in May. It will be a social affair
and strictly invitation, to consist of a literary
progrnmme, a series of whist games, dancing
and an exhibition drill. The team scores
were as follows:
Sergeant Do Flnnes' team's snore* were: De
Finnes 40, Brown 40, Corporal Milliken 40,
Koetz 42, Stripling 42, Day 40. Wilson 39,
Petitdidior39, Schardin 38, Lieutenant Zit
ttnger 34, Aine 20, Cook 38, Wray 33, Kies
38, Teugue 34. Total 573, average '38 1-5.
Sergeant Guth's team: Guth 43, Captain
Steams 37, Corporal Blair 42, Sergeant Kllen
30, Private Scholefield 35, YcLane 34, Bates
35, Sergeant Kellogg 38, Thomas 33, Wack
ford 36, T. J. Milliken 25, Penry 36. Kellogg
35, locs 37. Total 536; average 35 11-15.
Company F-'s scores were: Captain Schoe
■maker 40, Sergeant Besaey 38, SergeantGunter
38, Corporal Measure 37, Corporal Perkins 39,
Privates O. E. Hughes 44, Love 43, Sydenham
42, Jones 37, Lucey 40, Torpey 35, Gro»ueveld
45, Nelson 30, Moon 43, Thompson 37, Cook
40, Westfall 39, Pollard 30, Hancock 36,
Meyer* 32, McCreary 35, Olea 37, Flecken
stein 41, Sabin 32, Cutting 43, Trammel 40.
Work has commenced on the 300 and 500
--yard ranges and it is expected they will be
finished shortly. A few of the boys went fish-
Ing In the vicinity of Sulsun, but found it a
great deal harder to eaten the elusive trout
than to make bullseyes, and will in ail proba
bility content themselves with peppering the
targets instead of whipping trout streams for
come time to come. Kuthebfobd.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb., at Townsend's. •
Fpecial information dally to manufacturers,
business houses and public men by the Preji
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. "
Over nine-tenths of the railway passen
gers in England travel third class.
Faster Time on tho Santa Fe Route.
Three and One- half Diyi to
Chicago or St. Lenin — Four
and One-half Dan to
New York.
IveaTlng Pan Francisco Mondays and Thursdays,
at 6 r. m., connection Is made at Barstow with tho
famous Santa Fe limited train. Diulng-car, buffo*
smoking-car, vestibu:ed i'uUman, palace drawing
room, sleepers. The handsomest train on earth—
equipment and appointments faultless. Dally
through sleeping-cars, bo h palace and tourist,
Oakland pier to Chicngo. Tickets also sod via
Ogden. Portland, -Mojave, Los Angeles, Deming or
Xl Paso, to all points in the United States, Canada,
Mexico or Europe. Ticket oflice 644 Maricei
street, Chronicle iJuliding. Telephone Main 163 L
Railroad licketa to the En«t. via Bio
Grande Western and Denver aud
Rio Grande Railway*,
At lowest possible rates, with through Pullman
buffet and tourist sleeping car service ever/ day.
Fersonallr conducted excursions leaving Tuesday,
Wednesday and Thursday. Only line permlttln?
■top-over at Salt Lake City on all classes of ticket*
Detailed Information and tickets furnished at 14
Montgomery street, or 314 California atreau' *■'■ ■"
"Mm. Wluilow'i Soothing Syrnp"
Has been used over fifty years by million* at
mothers for their children while Teething with per*
feet success. It sooihestbe child, softens ihe cams,
•11*78 Pain, cures Wind Colic, regulates '.be Bowels
and Is the be st remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether aris
in* from tee;b Ing or other causes. or sale by drug
gists la every part of the world. Be aura and M ic
for Mrs. V Ibi.ow'l Soothing Syrup. Sfic a bottle.
Cobokado.— Atmosphere is perfectly dry, soft
and mJid, being entirely free from ttie mists com
mon further north. Kound-trip tickets, by steam
ship, including fifteen days' board at the Hotel del
coronado, *60 ; longer stay $2 60 per day. Apply
4 New Montgomery street, San Francisco.
A a everybody is liable to derangements of the
stomach and bowels, the need of Ayer's Pills Is
universal. They are the best cathartic.
HEW TO-DATJ
LOTS
Of Money Saved on
Crockery and Cliinaware
AT
Great Americaß licportiEg Tea Gil
MONEY SAVING STORES:
Operating ioo Stores
That's why we
sell so cheap.
Good reason
140 Sixth st. 325 Hayes st.
965 Market st. 218 Third st.
146 Ninth st. 2008 Fillmore st.
617 Kearny st. 3006 Sixteenth st.
1419 Polk st. 2510 Mission st.
1344 Market st. 521 Montgomery aye.
3285 Mission st.
OAKLAND.
1053 Washington st. 1510 Seventh st.
917 Broadway, 616 E. Twelfth st
131 San Pablo aye.
ALAMEDA-1355 Park st.
Headquarters, 52 Market St., S. F.
1896~-TAXES!--1896
THE SECOND INSTALLMENT OF HEAL
Kstate Taxes will be delinquent
APRIL 26th, at 6P. M., " : '■[
After which 6 per cent will be added.
The < ffice will be open from 7 to 9 r. K. oa
April 24Ui. .
rat or day, April 17, positively last day for re-
ceiving check .
JAMKB N. BLOCK, Tax Collector.
ban Franc ecu. April 13. 1897. .
O-000000000000
AN EXCELLENT
Tl JTTj 1 A T Properly prepared ana
JVI "j/A I * promptly served, can
*" • •* *'*-' alwuys ba obtained In
THE GRILL ROOM OF THE
Decidedly the I~V AT A /1| 1
Most Popular MAI A 1 T»
Dining Apart- *■ ■* \. JL*tJT\.\, 4 8 -I
ment in town. ...-4^—^^a_.^ >
OOO<KK>O-0-O-CK><K>\ - ' A"> APRIL. 19. 1897
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin The. ter — Primrose and West's
Sliustrels.
i'oi.i 'iku Theater — "Mary Fennington,
Spinster.'
Columbia Theater.— Concert Thursday after-
toon
Morosco'sOpkra-Hodke— Brand of Cain."
Alcazar Theater.— 'The Overland Route."
Tivoli Opera House. — -Lily of Klllarney."
Ohphkcm- nigh-Class Vaudeville.
' if.] ink Baths.— Salt Water Bath'np, etc
Sctbo Baths.— Bathing and Performances.
The Chutes and Skating Kink— Daily at
Haight street, one block east of the Park.
hanks' Pavimox— Spantsti Carnival Mas-
querade, Saturday evening. April 24.
Pacific Coast Jock by Club.— Kaces to-day,
PICNICS A>D EXCURSIONS.
El Campo— Music, Dancing, Boating, Fishing,
every Sunday.
f^TtTriON irALhS.
Iv Fhank W. F.rTTJiRFJELD— This day. April
IP. Groceries, at 1037Fo:som st., at 11 o'clock.
By Indiana auction Co.— This day. April 19,
Groceries, at 1171 Mission st., at 11 o'clock.
By Jo«rrH T. Terry— This day, April 19, Fur-
niture, at lob Kearny St., at 10 o'clock.
■ By a. i.. Crksswell- Tuesday, April 20,
Horses, etc, at 721 Howard street, at 11 o'clock.
rv Killip a- Co.— Tuesday, April 20, Horses,
tit Palo Alto Farm.
By .T. c. Muthkr— Tuesday, April 20, Saloon,
cor. HowarJ -nil Third sts.. at 11 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
There will not be a division encampment
♦h:s year for the National Guard.
The Slavonian N. S. Club celebrated Us
fourth anniversary at Germauia Gardens yes
terday.
Lieutenant-Colonel Burdick, ordnance officer
■ d <.T?ncral James' staff, N. G. C, has asked to
be relieved.
The minstrel performance of Primrose &
West's troupe at the Baldwin, last night was a
great success.
Lieutenant-Colonel Cook, U. S. A., will not
come to San Francisco ;o command the post at
ihe Presidio.
Uncle George Bromley entertained his old
comrade, the Chinese Minister, at the Bo
hemian Club.
Easter bonnets and fresh spring dresses
raa<ie the park and ocean beach specially at
tractive yesterday.
The Son 6of tho American Revolution will
this evening observe the anniversary of Lex
ington and Concord.
The Alameda Picific cricket match played
ves-ierday, resulted in a win for the Aiameda
team by eight runs.
Partly cloudy and somewhat unsettled
weather to-day, but without rain, is tne
weather prediction.
At the Sa:; Francisco handball court yester
dayj. C Nealon and P. T. Donnelly defeated
T. F. Eonnet and AJ Hampton.
Captain Charles OMag of the Red Men's
Fcauetzen section won the king prize at the
eagle 6hoot ai Sheli Mound yesterday.
Chinese Minister Wu Ting-fang Das wiped
out the cMft'-rence between the local members
c Yup and bam Yup companies.
Professor Earl Bsrnes of Stanford TJnl
addressed the Socialists last evenine,
■.ng "A Successful Failure."
The Easter offering at St. Luke's yesterday
morning was applied to the building mnd.
which has now nearly reached the sum rc
q aired
The Verein Eintracht gave a magnificent en
tertainment and ball last nigiu for the benefit
turners who will represent it at the
: festival at San Jose.
Golden Gate and California Conimanderies,
Kikklus Temp. ar, attended Easter services at
.rst Congregational and Irinily Episco
pal Churches respectively.
A thorough examination of the bacilli found
In the thr. ats of children at the Children's
Hospital in«y show them to be psuedo diph
. ■ aad, thcreiore, harmless.
The Conway anil Bauiael baseball team, |
with Fle'.ninKit: at the San Francisco Athletic
Club m ihe box, defeated the A. Shirek <fc Com
pany Baseball Club at the- Presidio grounds
by a teore of 6 to 4.
WlUi*m >I. Sears, proprietor of a dance-hall
at 105 Grant avenue, wag arrested early yes
terday morning and is being held pending
the result of injuries received by John Mcln
tosfc, a horse-trainer, during a fight.
Inn barroom row at the Twin Pep.ks last
n:~ .: Thomas McFail, a teamster, residing at
tiOo Herman street, received a bullet in the
faiv :rcm a. piltnl shot fired by a bartender
n- med "Charley." The wound "is not consid
ered necesbarily fatal.
The Australian baseball players made their
debut at Central Park, yesterduy, in a contest
tvi;h the Olympic Club team. The visitors
ivero easily deieated by a score oi 20 to 9.
They demonstrated that they do not know
much about the American game.
J^cit Thursday eveni:i£;Judee W. W. Morrow,
in bis lecture at the Young Men's Christian
Association Auditorium, Mason and Ellis
Btrefts, will show views of the National c.pi
tn'., and explain the interior workings of the
Government from 1840; and aiso full viewi
up to 1897; the statue of freedom, peace
monument, White Home exterior and in
terior views, reception days and ladies of the
White House, pasi presidents «nd many other
views, numbering over 100 in aIL
INGLESIDE COUESING.
Magnet 'Wins in a Good Ban With Fire
ball Second.
Magnet won tbe big coursing stake at
Ingleside yesterday, Fireball running sec
ond. Following is a summary of tne
runs.
Preliminaries— Larkey & Rock's Myrtle heat
r T rHce &. Dean's Hazel Glen, Ryan & Ryan's
I.auky Bob beat G. Woods' Thistle, Mira Monte
Kennel's Fireball beat M. O'Connor's Lady Clif
ton, J. Fuzpatnck's Annie Daly beat J. Trkcev's
Epeed, Mira Monte Kennel's Electric beat *D.
Courtney's bkyiigbt. E. Scott's Lord Byron
r>eat Newman and Ramsden'B Moonlight, T.
Neenan's Little Tom b.'at F. Duane's Reuben
<,lue, J. D. ReiHy's Belle of Moscow beat M.
Micbal; tschke's Uacle bam, Mira Monte ken
: •■.'-West Side beat .T.Tracy's Tuliermore.Gra^e
pnd Denne's Deceiver beat T. Butler's Susie, T.
Neenan's Fair Vi«»\v beat T. Gib Eon's Molly
Bawn, J. Queue's Young Clifton b»*at J. 6ou
ob'e Crack ?, S. E. Postal's Mapnet beat Henry
wring's Premier, \Y. Kay's Eclipse beat Mira
Monte kennel's Mission T:p.
First ties— Myrtle beat Lanky Bob, Fireball
heat Annie Daly, Lord Byron beat Eiectric,
Belle of Mou-ow beat LittJe Tom, West fiiae
beat Deceiver, Fair View beat Young Clllton
Magnet beat Ec- 1
Second Ups— Fir- ball beat Myrtle, Lord By
ron beat Belie of Moscow, West Side beat Fair I
View, Magnet a bye.
Third ties— Fireball beat Lord Byron, Magnet
beat West Side.
Final— Magnet beat Fireball.
Prizes— $30, $15, $15.
--_,__-_ XEW TO-DAT.
TO TATEAKMEK
■^'Hfe-A'i^E'/r- " fTIO MEN WHO HAVE WASTED THE
ill Hi inn** riffni^il' i i t - 1 - vivacious energy of youth by excesses
&7il& : :~&2fMt m'f/s W^T\ Or C h liv . in S. l ° me who have found the
Ml! nS£3k' 'VMS* *?jßmr ?//\ fer ' ark of vitali ty growing fainter, and who
'• ■L 'l Vri* m W i ,*^*&7?F&SS3 fy m nave - » hile >'<"- young in years, found the
ftHtir?^ ■•*.' ' ; %^r^M Pl f ll of manl y rower lessening as if a-c
KS^k, ?'/< .- . „ <*&£?!&& J come on and brought with it the
• H^T*^ l^^!- •?^^s---^5 fifea ?' cay , 01 aU Physical and vital energies—
■ X&|- : Is^igM^? 1 :- -"" -A \M x< i such m , en an d to all men who feel that
-'^IJ \My%&£&2?^ | hC L lr vital lorces are ih >™ of action and
I, illWBl|^rSß&fe*y- % lacking in the tiro of youth. Dr. Sanden's
•4'l\W \7?Jii&&" Electric Belt is worth its weight in gold.
I I " makes men strong ;it removes the
, : effects of early A habits, excesses, overwork and all abuses of the laws of Na-
ture. It helps <£»*£. Nature to mend, and makes manhood perfect.
The failure of <§ysx&r. medicine of quacks, and even of other so-called electric belts
' is no argument Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt. No other treatment, no
other belt, is in ■^\&jsfe.'' lne same class with it. Everything else may fail and still
Dr. San den's %»?5w r Belt will cure. It HAS cured thousands who had tried other
remedies with ""* out avail.
"I feel altogether a different man. 1 have worn your Belt thirty days, and if I
improve as much the next month I shall be a well man. My waste of power has
. ptonDed and I feel so bright and fresh that I am more than pleased with the Belt." —
J. D. Gip3on, Shasta. Cal.
• No man who is weak will make the right effort to regain his power until he tries
I Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt. A fair trial of this great remedy will make it unnecessary
to ever use any other.
Be true to Nature, be true to yourself and friends. Regain your health. Give the
color of vigor to your cheeks, the sparkle to your eye. Regain your manhood for
v good by using the wonderful Electric Belt.
All men who are weak should have Dr. Sanden's celebrated book, 'Three Glasses
of Men," which will be sent, closely sealed, free, on application.
: SA WDEIM ELECTRIC CO., ?JLc!!SS..&:.Ss±U.
\ Office iiours— S A. SI. to 8:30 P. M. ; Sundays, 10 to L Los An^elo^Oilica -04 soiua Hchal'.
irey; Portland, Or.. 253 Washington street; Denver, Colo., 935 Sixteenth street.
«OXii.—iijuj£e no mistake in the aumoer— Q33 Market street Make not* of it
I>li. SANDEN'S ELJ^CTBIC XKUSS CUKES ILLI'ILK:;. ,
"HE IS RISEN INDEED."
Easter Impressively Observed With Sermons
and Music Mid a Wealth of
Flowers*
THE Easter services at the churchos
yesterday were unusually impres
sive, and it is doubtful if any pre
vious Easter has been the occasion
of so much magnificent music as was ren
dered by the various choirs. The decora
tions were everywhere superb, and with
such accessories the ministers could not
well have been other than at their best.
Archbishop Riordan Blesses
The Cathedral Congregation
THE great auditorium of St. Mary's
Cathedral was entirely inadequate
to accommodate the great throngs
that desired to attend the Easter
services. Solemn pontifical mass was
celebrated in the morning by Archbishop
Riordan, assisted by Very Rev. Father
Preodergast. 'The deacons of honor were
Rev. Fathers Bowen, Dompsey and Byrne.
Father Ramm was tub-deacon and Father
Mulligan acted as master of ceremonies.
At the conclusion of the mass Rev.
Jerome B. Hanniean delivered the Easter
sermon. Father Hanuigan spoke of ;he
resurrection as proving the truth of the
revelation in Cnrist. The divine preserv
ing power, he said, mast of necessity be
1 infallible, and a divine preserver must be
as truly infallible as an originally divine
teacher.
At the conclusion of the sermon the
Rixht Reverend Archbishop delivered the
i papal benediction.
A feature of the fine musical programme
rendered was a vocal offertory by Cor
; nelms O'Suihvaa.
Flowers of Spring
Bring Inspiration.
YESTERDAY at St. John's Episcopal
Church Dr. Spalding took for his
Easier text the words: "Christ be
ing raised from the dead dieth no
more; death hath no more dominion over
him."
"On this day," he said, "even the flow
ers inspire ns with the thought of the
resurrection, and nature with a thousand
voices is telling us of it. Do we stop to
think what it means? It means that the
one invincible foe has bren conquered,
anci that is why this is a day for rejoicing.
"Many a person to-day beiievei that tiie
lavs ot "nature cannot ba interfered with,
and therefore hold that the resurrection
of Christ was an impossibility.
"True, there are certain fixed orders of
I nature. The sun rises ani sets, th? days
come and go. etc, but by whom were tnese
orders fixed? Surely the Christian is right
when he believes in a creat God behind it
all, and surely he who made all things,
' tho great ruler of the universe, can and
j will interfere for his people. An earthly
fattier will interfere with his plans for the
saLe of his children and so will the Hea
SPANISH LOSSES
IN THE PHILIPPINES
Nfcws by the Peking Says
the Rebels Are Now
Gaining.
Many of the Spanish Troops De
serting Their Country's
Flag.
Narrow Escape of "Put" Jackson, the
Olympics' Champion, From
Drowning.
The Pacific Mail Steamship Company's ;
City of Peking arrived from Hon,kon?, !
via Yokohama, yesterday with the follow- i
ing passengers:
• Dr. W. H. AbercromMe, P. M. Ader, S. G.
Alexander, Mrs. Anderson, W. Coleman, ths
Rev. Mr. and Mrs. Deans and three children,
the Rev. Mr. and Mrs. Webster and infant, F.
W. Eastlake, B. W. Ellis, Commander M. R. S.
Mackenzie, U. S. N*. ; E. P. Baldwin, U. S. N. ;
W. C Davidson, U. & N. ; E. T. iickhardt, V. S.
N.; J- R. Monoghan, U.S. N. ; F. V. Freeman,
I". S. H.J W. H. Stanley, IT.l T . S. N\; D. W. Todd.
U.8.K.; Miss A. Alexander, Miss F.. Wilson,
F. <". Hnrkneis, Mrs. J. C. Leonard, Mr. Mac
gillvray, Mm Sang Ho, R. W. Playfair, J.
T. Praw, T. R. Price and son, P. Scbuler, L. K.
G. .Smith.
In the steerage there was 169 male Chi
nese and five females, besides thirty-n:ne
Japanese, of whom three were stowaways.
Of the Chinese only fifty-one were for San
Francisco, tbe bulk of tbe remainder be
ing en route for the exposition that is to
be held in Guatemala.
The three stowaway Japs caused'consld
erable trouble, as they tried several times
to "ring in" on tbe Commissioner of Ira
migration as different members of the con
tingent on board. They were finally
locked up in one of the cabin?, and the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 19, 1897.
venly Father for us. The Easter greeting
to us a.l is to draw near to Christ, to draw
near to bis risen life, in baptism, in com
munion, in prayer, and when we fall and
stumble, to reach and take bis out
stretched hand and he will heip us on."
True Meaning
of Immortality.
LIFE Everlasting as Christ Defined
It " was the subject of Rev. William
Kader's morning sermon yesterday
at the Third Congregational. H e
said: "The power of Christ's resurrection
is moro than future existence. Christ did
not bring continued life to light. Men be
lieved that before he came. Jesus denned
immortality as everlasting life plus the re
generation of the individual. He pui pur
pose into existence, and interpreted im
mortality as a present reality rather than
a fui ure hope.
"Easter is a prophecy of the final trans
formation of tne world. The flowers and
grass and beauty of nature symbolize the
time when there shall be no more death.
The power of this spiritual resurrection
transforms duty. Men are greater for be
lieving in the immortality of the soul.
This faith strengthens character, trans
figures duty, and we endure as seeing the
invisible. The theoloey of Easter makes
death not u:i end in itself, but a develop
ment and transition. Life and immor
tality are related as the flower is to the
bud, the man to the youth, the wide sea
to the river. Death is the opening of the
bud, the maturing of the youth, the mouth
of the river.
"To know the power of Christ's resur
rection is to realize the life ol God In the
soul. It is not a dogma, but an experi
ence, 'that like as Christ was raided no
from the dead by the elory of the Father,
even so we aiso should wake in newness of
life.' Easter means nothing if it does not
mean the gospel of the new life. Future
existence is a blank without the redeemed
character."
Baptism a Proof
of the Resurrection.
AT the West Side Christian Church
the sermon at 11 a. m. was on "The
Resurrection of Christ." At Bp. m.
tno pastor, Rev. W. A. Gardner,
spoke on "Baptism, a Proof the Resurrec
tion." He said:
"The resurrection of Christ is a fund
memai fact in Christianity, and the aeity
of Christ is its most important truth.
"If it be established as a fact that Jesus
arose from the grave after he had been
three days dead, ti.en the truth that he is
divine, as hi* Father, ii established be
yond controversy.
"When John the Baptist proclaimed the
coining of Christ he preached 'the baptism
Mail Company will now have to take them
back to Yokohama.
Among the cabin passengers were E. P.
Baldwin. "W. C Davidson. E. F. Eckhardt,
J. B. Monochan, F. R. Freeman, W. H.
: Stanley and D. W. Toad, all cadets in the
United States navy. They are on their
; way to Washington to pass their final ex
'■ amination, after which they will be
gazetted as full-fledged officers of the
Vi'hito squadron.
Dr. W. H. Abercrombie was United
States Consul at Nagasaki under Cleve
land and Mm Sang Ho was the member
j of the Chinese embassy who was left be
j hind at Hongkong when the Coptic sailed
for this port with Wu Tang Fang and his
suite.
In regard to the war in the Philippines
the general impression among the passen
gers was that the Spaniards were getiiru
the worst of it, in spite of all telegrams to
the contrary. Said a Shanghai merchant
who came over on the steamer yesterday :
"Reliable information in regard to the
operation of tiie- Spanish troops iv the
I'iiilippines is hard to obtain. Tu»re is a
superabundance of highly colored reports
appearing iv the Spanish press, but the
information received from our agents is
very different. The Spanish troops are
meeting with a stubborn resistahce in
Cavite, and it will be months r>efor« the
province is cleared of rebels. The latter
continue to attack all convoys with ammu
nition and atores for the front, and the
movement of the Royali&ts are in con
sequence ereativ hampered. The Captain-
Genersl, I learn, has applied to the
Spanish Government for 8000 additional
troops, as those operating in the province
oi Cavite are suffering severely irom
'Executions are of frequent occurrence
in Manila, and from our last advices there
were eighty untried prisoners in the jails
awaitinir punishment. L:«rge numbers of
the native troops are goin^ over to the
rebels, and judging from the last reports
received over the underground wire, the
rebels have received large supplies of' fire
arms."
From the above it looks as if Spain
! were meeting with no better success in
the Philippines than is attending her
j arms in Cuba.
When three days out from Yokohama
| the Peking ran mio a very faeavv "ale
, which delayed her two days. Chief En
! gineer McClure put a little extra pressure
|on the boi.ers, however, and the b g
s;eamer made up ," r >o knots during the
run.
The two cruisers now being built for
Japan by the Union Iron Works are to be
called the Knsapi and the Chitose, accorii
ing to the Yomiuri, the Japanese official
paper.
The schooner Jes?ie Matson came in
from the wreck ot the stearuor Sunol yes
terday with XOO bars of silver and Jead
valued at $0000, one cultivator, a harvester
and a quantity of miscellaneous wreckage.
"Put" Jackson oi the Olympic Club had
a narrow escape last Saturday night. He
stopoed at the newsstand in the waiting
room to buy some papers and only knew
that lime was up when he heard the
steamer's wbist'e. He sprinted for the
boat, but the Piedmont was three feet
away and gathering headway before he
reached the apron. He made a jump,
failed to connect and was left struggling
in the water. It was the 10 p. m. trip and
no one noticed his predicament. The noise
of tho paddle wheels drowned his cries
and he had to swim for a pile. The she. ls
cm and lacerated bis hands and it
took all his skill as a swimmer to keep
himself afloat. When the no se of the
steamer's paddles had died away he made
himself heard.
The night watchman hauled him out
and "Pui" went to the Ferry Cafe whera
"Teddy" O<borne fitted him out in an old
suit tuat the cook had left behind and
sent him home on the next boat. Yester
day Jackson recovered his own suit and
returned the cook*.
The schooner Eppinger, which cleared
from here on an otier-huntinjt cruise, has
done well ulong the coast. She was re
ported yesterday as being off the mouth
of the Columbia River with 140 sealskins
and doing well.
fifth ana Jinul Arbitrator.
WASHINGTON. D. C, April 18— It is
probable that Baron Courcel, the French
Embassador to England, will be chosen
the hftb and tinal arbitrator in the court
of arbitration oetween Venezuela and
Great Britain. Serai-official inquiries
have already determined his availability
should th • otner arbitrators, as em
powered by the treaty, select him as the
lmai member.
of repentance for the remission of sins,'
and each one of the thousands who were
buried in and arose from the waters of the
river Jordan was a prophecy of the burial
and resurrection of their coming Lord,
though like all other references to that
wonderful event, made previous to its oc
currence, it was not understood by hia
disciples.
"It is undoubtedly pleasing to the Mas
ter that his followers perpetuate the mem
ory of his victory over death by the an
nual celebration of his resurrection day,
but it is certainly much more pleasing to
him that there be kept continually be;oro
the minds of the world the 'greatest fact
in all history' by the constant display of
the graphic picture of his burial and
resurrection seen in tbe baptism of each
penitent believer.
"That the importance of this ordinance
might never be doubted by those who
loved him Jesus walked seventy miles to
the protracted meeting being held by John
that he might 'fultiil all righteousness'
and become a perfect exemplar. In the
great commission to his disciples he
coupled baptism with faith, commanding
them to proclaim it to all creation."
"The Immortality of
the Affections."
REV. EDWIN H. JENKS preached
the sermon in the morninß at West
minster Presbyterian Church on Fell
street, between Octavia and Lnguna
streets. This church is without a pastor,
but is expecting a man from the East to
supply tho pulpit when they move into
their new church.
Mr. Jenka' theme was tbe "Immortality
of the Affections." "Christ, by his resur
rection," he said, "had brought life and
immortality to light and told as some
thing of what the state ol the believers
was to be hereafter. The affections we
know endure to the very end of this life,
Christ told us, and showed us that they
survive death. His heaven U our heaven.
His friends are to be with him there, and
so we know we shall be with each other.
He came buck from the tomb to those be
lovid and assured them of his continuous
presence with them forever."
The church wa9 tastefully decorated,
and a wvll-trained choir sang a special
Easter service.
Double Meaning
of Resurrection.
AT WASHINGTON HALL yesterday
the Rev. J. S. David preached on the
"Kesurrection of the Laid," taking
the position that it was a progres
sive wort. He said: '"The resurrection of
the Lord's body from the grave was but
the outermost manifestation of bis real
resurrection. LooKing at it inwardly his
resurrection was a life-long work, an evo
lutionary process. In the Lord's incarna
tion the divine Logos was densely en
shrouded with matter and gross environ
ments and h rciitary tendencies. By de
grees he overcame these and rose above
them, bringing his human nature more
and more into harmony with his divine
nature, every step of which was a resur
rection process.
"In his visible resurrection he emerged
out of the last remains of earthly condi
tions. Henceforth his humanity was psr
fecily one with his liivinity. and he was
God-Man. He is thus a connecting lins
Letween earth and heaven, between men
and God. A similar process occurs in
every regenerating soul. The Cnrist, the
word, is conceived and born within; in
ARIELS FLY ON
FEATHERING OAR
A Number of Spirited Con
tests in the China
Basin.
W. McCausland of the Junior
Class Showed Cbampioa
ship Form.
The Old-Timers nni Ex-Champions
Put Up a G eat Race in
F.st Time.
The opening meeting of the Ariel Row
ing Club was a great success. All the
events were well-contested and the club's
guests thoroughly enjoyed the afternoon's
sport. Long Bridge was crowded with
spectators and the Soutn F.nU and Dolphin
clubs were well represented.
All classes nf sailing craft in the bay
were there, and in some instances the
contestants were seriously interfered with.
In the race for junior skiffs, Carroll had a
commanding lead, but might have lost
the race had he been close-pressed, be
cause a rowboat got in his way. As it
was, he won by at least ten lengths in the
fair time of 11 minutes 5 seconds.
All the races were rowed over the usual
mile and a half course, from Long Bridge
to the Union Iron Works and back. The
turn was an awkward one and many of
the amateurs found great difficulty in
negotiating it. The officers in charge of
the ai'fair were: J. R. Bockman, presi
dent of the club; J. P. Enriglir, starter;
Walter Bleke, timekeeper, and J. R.
Nolan and Charles McAuliff -, judges.
Just before the first race was started the
Dolphins came up in force and made a
very pretty picture as their barges ranged
up alongside the starter's boat. The first
event was for junior amateurs in skiffs,
and the course, as before stated, was one
mile and a naif. Andrew Carroll made a
runaway race of it, and would have "won
by a block" had he not been interfered
with. As it was he got home first by ten
lengths in the fair time of 11 minutes and
5 seconds. C. McA.uliffe Jr. was sccjnd
and H. Pless third. It waa a very pretty
finish for second honors between the two
men, but Carroll outlasted his opponent.
The second race was tb« senior skiffs.
The on v entries were W. McCausland
and R. Ellis. For the first mile it whs nip
and took. Then MeCausiana's form be^an
to show and the race was at hi? mercy.
He won as he pl-ased in the smart time of
f) minutes and 22 seconds, while Ellis was
8 seconds behind him. McCausland's time
was far and away the best made during
the day, the nearest approach to it beinij
the 10 minutes and 5 seconds of the senior
barce crew and 10 minutes 8 seconds of
tb- ex-champions.
The third race wa9 that of tha junior
barges, and the winner* covered the mile
and a half course in 10:33. The crew was
composed of Andrew Carroll, Albert Car
roll, George McGinnis, Frank Wilson and
William Manjjan coxswain. They had a
commanding lead 20J yards from home,
but the second crew came with a fresU
burst o< speed, and little Mangan had to
make his men work to Jaud a boat's
length victory.
The best race of the day was the senior
barge race. It was nip and tuck from
start to finish, and a great deal of the
credit for the victory is due to the skilliul
steering of Mangnn, the coxswain of boat
1. The winning crew was John Nolan,
Robert Ellis, George Phelan, W. McCaus
land and W. Mangan coxswain. The time
was 10:05.
The last rac« of the day was between the
old-time ex- champions, Leandcr Steven
creases in wisdom and stature; passes
through terrible combats with the bells of
our lower ;iature; subjugates them by de
grees and ascends to higher conditions; is
at length crucified and apparently slain by
the supreme effort of the infernal selfhood ;
but overcoming he emerges completely
out "f the imperfections and illusions of
the flesh and ascends and reigns on the
throne of the heart. The Christ of history
is one with the Christ of the soul."
Hopes and Fears
of Endless Life.
K>T after the 1 of a carnal com
mandment, but after the power of
an endless life," was the text
chosen by Rev. H. T. Shepard in
yesterday morning's sermon at Olivet
Congregational Church. He said:
'■The truth of the endless life, which is
faith in the resurreciion of Jesus, brings
relief to the business man wlio feels the
insufficiency of financial success to satisfy
the best desires of the human heart. It
comes with its warning to the man who
caters to immorality, and deals in the
souls of men and women through their
prostitution to worst passions. It brings
! hope to tn- victim of poverty and mis
i fortune and consequent dishonor, and
opens the door to reiorm and purity in the
years to come. Competition in the secular
world ia growing more intense, and in
creasing hostility between different social
elements is ominous of coming storms.
The gospel of endless life relieve* this
conflict of its most trying features by in
spiring hope for the future."
Life Is Not the End
of All Existence.
REV. FRANK S. FORD preached at
the First Christian Church yester
day morning on the subject, "Con
sider the Lilies." He said:
"This life is not the end of all existence,
and God's love ha 3so constituted us that
we should learn the lesson, yet we mias
it bocau-e ot the prominence eiven to
these surroundings. 'You cannot serve
God and Mammon' speaks not of the
worshipx>f gold, but ot the exaltation of
the moment into the place of the ulti
mate.
" 'Life is more than meat and the body
more than raiment,' and yet we exalt the
meat and raiment more than the life.
'Consider the lily.' The beauty of its
corolla is God-given, but is not for beauty
only, but for the fruit.
"Personal adorument, beauty, wealth,
pleasure are not sin ; the exaltation of
any or ail is sin, the end of when is
death."
Christ's Resurrection
Assures His Promise.
PROFESSOR J. H. GOODELL sup
plied the pulpit at the Union-square
Baptist Cuurch yesterday morning.
The edifice had been beautifully
decorated, and the choir rendered an ex
quisite programme of Easier music.
Professor Goodell's adaress was from the
text, 'Now hath Christ been raised from
the >iead; the first fruits of them that are
asleep.'' The speaker, sfter giving Bibi
cal proof of the resurrection, said that this
was symbolical and a literal proof of the
rermanenry of the Christian religion.
"These facts," he saia, "make Christ real
and living — not a mere memory. They
open to us a larger life. They make his
promises credible and reliable."
son and William Growney. It is many*a
long day Mnce either of them palled an
oar, but, nevertheless, they put up a race
that made many of tiie younger element
blush. True ii is that if put on his met
tle AJcCausland could row rinjrs .-'round
the veterans, still tiieir time (10:08) for a
nr.ie and a half with a turn is a
showing. Growney won by a boat's
length.
After the racine the guests of the club
adjourned to the boathou*e, where a most
enjoyable nfternoon was spent. The aff;iir
w:i- one of the most successful ever brought
off by the Ariels.
SONS OF PATRIOTIC SIRES.
They Will Meet To-N'fght to Honor the
Anniversary of I,~xington and
Concord.
A stated meeting of the California
Society of the Soni of the American Revo
lution will be hc;d this evenincr in ttie
rooms oi the Society of California Pioneers,
corner of Fourth street anu" Lick place.
After the business meeting, the society
will honor the anuiver<ary of Lexington
and ConcorU by literary and patriotic
addresses appropriate to the occasion. The
as-eaiblage wiil be addrc-ssed by Hon.
Horace Davis, Colonel A. D. Cutler and
otheis.
The following named were at a meeting,
recently held, elected members of the
society: Giovanni E. Chauning, Charles
E. Haseltine, Charles F. Crocker, William
H. Crocker, Samuel H. Wagener, Robert
T. Brown, Geoige GL "oardman, Samuel
H. Boardman and Thomas D. Boardman,
and the 101 l wing named were elected at
a meeting of the managers on last Satur
day: Eiward B. Cutter, merchant;
Eu-rene A. Hardy, mine superintendent ;
Charies T. Hutchinson, bookkeeper;
Arthur Gowing Towne, merchant; Irving
Farrar Moulton, banker ; Edward .Pickeu
Vandercooit, manager SLreet railroad;
Franklin Fanning Sturges, buyer, and
Milton Antlros, attorney at law.
Mr. Andros is the son of R«v. Thomas
Andros, wiio was a private in the Con
tinental army and Connecticut militia,
and who died in Berkeley, Mass., in 1845,
seventy years after t';e opening of the
contest on the field of Lexington.
The eighth congress of the National
society will convene in Cleveland, Ohio,
on the 30-h inst.
AT THE CITY THEATERS.
What There Is to Be Offered for the
Entertainment of the People
This Evening.
The Primrose and West Miuistrels will open
at the Baldwin Theater this evening with a
company numbering nearly 100, said to bo
the greatest combination that ev^r appeared
on a stage. There will be introduced the old
and the modern idea of minstrelsy.
At the Columbia Theater Miss Georgia Cay
van, supported by her company, will produce
a new conK-dy entitled "Mary Pennin^ton."
It will be the first production of that play in
this City. When it was pluyed in New York it
was most favorably commented on by the
critics.
"The Overland Route," a rattling comedy by
Tom Taylor, will be presented at the Alcazar
Theater this evening, and it v.ill take the en
tire company to render the several parts. Mrs
F. M. Bates will reappear at this theater atter
an absence of several weeks.
"The Brand of Cain" is the Ftriking title of
the scenic play that is to bo offered at Moroc
co's Grand Opera-house this evening. Mamie
Sheridan Wolford will appear in this play in
the character of Nora I- can, as originally per
formed by her in the Ease
"The Lily of Killarney," the romantic Irish
opera that proved bo fascinating last week,
will be given again this evening and will be
continued during the week. Tnere is a great
denl of attractive song and music in tins pro
duction.
There will be six new cards at the Orpheum
Music Uall this evening. Two o; these are
Signor Alberti of the Maplison and Scalchi
concert company and Mme. Onandi of the
Scalchi rorapanv. Tliere will be Horr Graig,
with a trick baboon and donkey, also others.
There will be much to entertain the patrons
of the Chutes to-nigtu. The animaloscope, the
living pictures and the vaudeville perform
ance on the stage in the open air are attractive
features, i la -addition Cavlil, the champion
swimmer, v. ill give exhibitions in tae lake.
AN OPEN LETTER
! To MOTHERS.
WE ARE ASSERTING IN THE COURTS OUR RIGHT TO THE
EXCLUSIVE USE OF THE WORD " CASTORIA," AND
"PITCHER'S CASTORIA," AS OUR TRADE mark.
/ ; DR. SAMUEL PITCHER, of Hyannis, Massachusetts,
was the originator of "PITCHER'S CASTORIA," the same
that has borne and does now —0 _ on every
bear the facsimile signature of Out/^f^^&c wrapper.
This is the original " PITCHER'S CASTORIA" which has been
used in the homes of the mothers of America for over thirty
years. LOOK CAREFULLY at the wrapper and see that it is
the kind you have a/ways bought, '' cam m on the
and has the signature of *~*&ryr. /-cuc&zc wrap-
per. No one has authority from me to use my name except
The Centaur Company of which Chas. H, Fletcher /a
President. .
March 8, 1897. Q^^^^i^^,^^^
Do Not Be Deceived.
Do not endanger the life of your child by accepting
a cheap substitute which some druggist may offer you
(because he makes a few more pennies on it), the in*.
gredients of which even he does not know.
"The Kind You Have Always Bought"
BEARS THE FAC-SIMILE SIGNATURE OF
Insist on Having
The Kind That Never Failed Toil/
"** *'"*•" COMMNT. T T MURRAY tTRCCTi NEW YORK CITY-
NEW IN JOKE AND SONG
Primrose and West's Troupe
Score a Signal Success at
the Baldwin.
Performance of the Pickaninnies Was
Perfect and Cmpslied laimenss
Applause.
The Baldwin was crowded last night at
the opening performance cf Primrose &
West's Minstrels, and a 'arge number
who wished to see it waro turned away
for lack of room. It was tne biggest min
strel show given in thin City for years.
When the troupe was here last season it
was something regarded as extraordinary
in number and quahty.bui now they have
excelled even the strength of that com
bination of stars and the company num
bers 100.
in the opening there ars eighty min
strels on the stage at once, a id tne group
ing makes an attractive spectacle.
A hit was made by George H. Primrose
in the song "There's a Bnlly Gone to
Rest." This song is a sequel to the well
known "New Bully." Primrose was as
sisted by two litt c ooys called his "PicK
aninny Cake Walkers," who are so expert
in their work the house went wild with
enthusiastic applause.
Another son:; that caught the audience
was "Hot Time in Old Town To-night,"
by Primrose. Charlea, Kent san.: two
songs, which were received with immense
demonstrations of pleasure, "Tafce BacK
Your Gold" and "Don't Tell Her That
You Love Her."
Herny Williams in his specialty of buck
daneins was ft treat, and the pair of In
dian club performers displayed a dexterity
that was simply indescribable. They had
three clubs eac i, and between them was a
little fellow, barely 10 years oid, who also
hed three clubs, and the feats of the three
in keeping the clubs in rapid motion were
an admired specialty.
Besides the music, the jokes and the
gymnastics there was a fancy drill with
nccompaniments of vari-colyred lights
flashed upon the evolutions.
Imperfect teeth are a sure sign of civili
zation. Perfect teeth an* found, as a rule,
only among savages.
NEW TO-OAT.
»——-..~.-_—-_-,.-— —..-_._-__■.. _■■_._■■ -____-
You don't
see your grocer often — both
you and he are taken up
with your own concerns.
Your concern is to make
money — and so is your
grocer's; he makes more
money on adulterated
tea baking powder
coffee flavoring extracts
soda spices
than on Schilling's Best.
He ill sell you Schil-
ling 's Best when you say
to him : ' ' Don't sell me any
more adulterated
tea baking powder
coffee flavoring extracts
soda spices
I want Schilling's Best and
my money back if I don't
like them."
A Schilling & Company
San Francisco : 600
_ _ HEW AT-A3IDSEMENTI.
THE CHUTES.
VHABLES CAVILL,
The Champion Swimmer, will give exhibitions
•-■ In ib« (.hate Lake
EVERY AFTEBXOO-N" AND EVENING.
ADMISSION, lOc. CHILDREN. sc.
SUTRO BATHS.
1 OPEN DAILY PKOn 7 A. TV UNTIL II P. n.
Concert Every Afternoon and Evening.
liaibmg, including Admission: Adults, 230; Cbll.
. • dreu, 20c.
General Aamltiion, loo; Children, 6o
XEW 10-BAT- AMUBEHEHTi:
ISItDLAWItR.COTTU)D « »• uiitsAnonAnAititt—
'___ TO-NIG-ELT
THE ONLY NOVELTY IN TOWN !-MISS
GEORGIA CAYVAN
Ana Her Widely Praised Company.
Presenting lor the FIP.ST TIME HERE,
Mary Pennington, Spinster!
A .New and Original Comedy by W. K.
Walkes.
Monday, April 26th WARD <fc YOKES
Presenting; the Satirical Farce,
"ARUNONTHB BANKI"
BALDWIN THEATER.
I.Uilua.v Co. (lceon>orated) .froprit^»;i
TO-NlGttt- — MATINEE SATURDAY.
EVERY ACT A HIT I
PRIMROSE and WEST'S
BIG MINSTRELS
WHITES AND BLACKS
Including GtCOKUE WILSON, Prince of Come-
dlans.
INNUMERABLE NEW ACTS!
ALL, THE LATEST SONGS! ■;% :,
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
ai*3.Eß2*K»Tixjc Kbkun-i. Proprietor *. Manager
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK,
Sir Jules Benedict's Romantic Irish On era.
THE LILY OF KILLARNEY.
SUPERB CAST !
Lovely Ballads, Beautiful Ensembles.
Songs That Reach the Heart.
NEXT WEEK
The London Succns,
"SHAMUS O'BRIENI"
First Appearance of
MR. DENIS O'SUI.I.IVAN!
SEATS NOW ON SALE.
Popular Prices 25c and 500
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WALTER -3J.or.OSCO. ..Sola Lessee and Alaa*t»:
Limited Engagement of the Favorit3 Eastern
a cress. / ■ . ;
MAMIE SHERIDAN WOLFORD!
In Her Original Character of NOK A U.GAX In
Arnola Woiford's ilagnificent Scenic Play. . ■
"THE BRAND OF CAIN"
Realistic and Startling Explosion Scene t*
A Strong Story Graphically Presented!
A Splendid Cast of bxperienced Actoral
Evening: Prices— lOc, 25c and sOc.
.-ilaiinri". Saturday ana .Sunday.
Another List of Great Features:
Special Engagement of MO. ACHILLE AL-
BKKTI, Baritone, and 3! ME. AX.MNA OR-
LAN'DI. Mezzo -.-opraao: MABZKLO & MIL-
LAY, Burlesque Wrestlers; kl> LATELLE,
Musical Comedian, ana HKHK Giuis and bis
■J rlclc Baboon and Donkey, in conjunction with
the MERKILKKSMI>TEK . HAKKis «fc WAL-
TERS. KEOXEMASA BROS.. EVANS &
VJUOCQ.ana DKLMOKE <fc LEE.
Reserved seats, tf&c; BtUcouy, 1001 Opera-cttalra
and box-seats, 50c • :
Concerts In tiie Orpneum Annex every eveain?.
ALCAZAR TO-NIGHT!
f^Sc^L^frlf!!" TO-NIGHT I
■ Tom Taylor's Famous Comedy,
"THE OVERLAND ROUTE."
Produced with Special Scenery and Effects!
The Entire Company. GEORGE OSBOURKE.
Our Popular Prices. Telephone lor Seals,
Black 991.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB
(NGLESIDE TRACK). :
The only derives Winter Racetxac* m America
RACM RACIiG
Kacing From Monday, April 19, to Sat-
urday, May 1, Inclusive.
Five or More Races Daily, ftaiu or Shine.
FIRST BACE AT % P. M.
Take Southern Pacific train* at Thirl mi
Townseud sts. depot, leaving at 1 and 1:20 p. v.
Fare for Sound Trip, iucludiuj; Al<
mission to Grounds. VI. OO. .
TaKo MiaslOD-ac electric line direct to tract
The Ccrrlgan Stakes Monday, April 19.
f lhe Sjireckels Cup .Saturday, April 24.
Tlie California Hurdle Wfdnesiay, April 28.
The Ingleside Stakes, 4 miles, Saturday. May L.
T..H. GREEN, Se^r^* 00 *' President.
F. H. qBEEX, Secretary.
lURLIHE SALT WATER BATDS,
Cor. Bush and Larkin sts. — Kecent lmprovements.
JS>A3IKI.Iir> SWIMMING I'ASK.
Additions to Tub Department.
Admission, 10c. Aa mission, ineludlnx swim, 25a
Open Day and livening.
56
TARGET-DRILLING
THROUGH THE RAIN
Buliseye and Medal Shoots
at the San Rafael
Grounds.
la the Eagle Contest at Shell
Mound Oldae Was Crowned
King.
Good Sport at Both the Popular Re*
sorts of Marksmen— Military
Contests.
The rain which fell at intervals yester
day did not cause the marksmen of the
California Schuetzen Club to forego their
favorite pastime, ana wbiJe thecroundsat
San Rafael were uot crowded the leaden
missiles from the rifles of the members of
the various shooting clubs rained unceas
inzly upon the targets.
An uncertain light did not allow of any
extraordinary scores and a slight breeze
blew over the range. The rain and mist
which made itself evident during the day
did not interlere with the sport.
H. Enge took the first prize in the cham
pion class in the monthly medal shoot of
i he San Francisco Turners, Schuetzen sec
tion. F. A.' Kuhls took first prize in tne
monthly medal shoot of the San Fran
cisco Verein Eintracht.
Following is the result of the regular
monthly medal shoot of the San Francisco
Turners:
Champion class— First prize. H. Enge, 400;
second prize, O. Burmeisier. 377.
First class— First prize, H. t-chroeder, 389;
6econd prize, C. Egiug, 370.
Second class— First prize, C. Neilson, 372;
second prize, C Klauenberi:, 306.
Third class— First prize, Th. uassner, 274;
second prize, not won.
First be^t snot, O. Burmeister; last best shot,
A. Utschig. •
The following were the results of the
regular monthly medal shoot of the San
Francisco Verein Eintracnt, Schuetzen
Section:
Champion ciass, F. A. Kuhls, 397; first class,
noiwou; second class, J. Kohrer, 312; third
class, J. Zahn, 355; last best shot, J. Young,
OLDAG IS THE KING.
The Red Men's Captain Wins High
Honors at the Shell Mound
Rang.'.
The members of the Red Men's Schuet
zen section, accompanied by tnetr fami
lies, assembled in large numbers at the
Shell Mound rifle range yesterday. The
occasion was the annual eagle king shoot.
The marksmen were in the full uniform
of the order. The t agle, made of thick
wood, occupied the top of a large pole on
the bay shore, and a tough bird it proved
to be. It was literally cut to pieces before
any of the prize- winnine parts would fall.
The honor of shooting k;ne fell to
Charles Oldag, the captain of the com
pany, who struck ihe heart aiter fourteen
shots bad been tired, and aiter ail of the
other parts Dad been shot off by the
marksmen. besides the kingly honor,
Captain Oldag won a $50 prize ana a
diamond medal on that snot, lie other
Tvize-vwuners and the parts of the bird
they brought down were as follows:
First prize, crown, John Oldag: second
prize, sapter, George Wagner; third prize,
app.e. Jonu I>. Felderman; fourth Dnze, riug,
F. A. Mohr; riiih prizs. htud, George Heuer;
eixtn pr.ze, neck. John Tiedeman; teventh
prize, rigiu wing, H. Bach; eighth piiz&, left
wing, W. Kraatzkamm; ninth prize, right
claw, C. Stein; temh pr.ze. leit claw, P. H.
Will; eleventh prize, tail, William Dressier.
After tne eagle shooting and cheering for
the new king was over, the company went
to the target range, where they held a
shoot for prizes, three shots to the score.
John Tiedeman was high with 67 out of 75
points, German ring-target. Some of the
others who will win pr.zes are:
H. Weber 54, W. Dressier 30, P. H. Rulffs 55.
Henry Bach 02, C. Oldag 58, C. Steiner 50, M.
Dieckert 53.
The distribution of prizes will be held
next Sunday evening at Turner Hall on
Turk street.
II Ticino, Swiss rifle club, also held a
shoot for merchandise prizes and medals.
Their shooting was done on the Blunt tar
get. The champion class team medal, rive
shots, was won by the San Francisco
Gruetli Verein, the scores standing: Al
Gehret 21. Joseph Fetz 21. John Frei 19,
Ulrich Diethelm 21. The Ticino team
won the silver medal with: S. Moresi 21,
G. L. Camozzi 21, E. Moresi 17, G. Folada
iO.
The other winners and prizes were as
follows:
Public target, rive shots— Al Gehret 25, $101;
G. Folada 24, cock; A. yon Weyle 24, caster;
Joseph Fe;z 24, album; most bullseyes,
Charles Ott 38, silver set.
Society medal, rive shots— First prize, a
Morei 19; second, ten shots, G. Folada 41;
third, ten shots, E. Mori si 40; fourth, ten
shots, G. L. Caxnozzi 38.
There was lots of military shooting for
company class medals, and the following
scores were made, ten shots. Blunt target:
Company I— Captain Richter43, Lieutenant
H. Huber 43. Sergeant O. F. nuber3B. Ser
geant Moore 43, Sergeant Sheeban 43, Ser
geant Lemiteyer 31, Corporal (jolly 41, Cor
poral Abhoran 41, Corpoml C. A. boil 38.
Corporal Bucking 34, Corporal Matthison 37,
Allen 40, Balke 30, Hehling 35. A. Blawot 47,
Castlgnino IK, Cari)37, Cappeiman 34, Hdil
42, Hauser 33. Ka'.lmann 3D, Mi- Hardy SH
McFftrland 39, Meyer 30, O.ten 40, H. M.
Owens 35, Poyou 41, Powora 45, Keid 38
Redell 29, J. C. Rlngen 41, 1^ R;ngen 43, j!
6iebe 35, M. Sunenanu 44, \\eiMuann34 A
Deiz 35, W alien 39.
Company A--Cai>taln Paulter 45, West 15
Corporal Tail 3j, Brown 26. Corporal Bodweli
30, Yost 20, hnnk 38, Peterson 37, Grismore
26. Sumroors 44, Kiug 42, Crow 29, Kohler 31,
Jumper 27. Licuteuan i Hunt 36, De Poy 33
C. Bell 20, Corporal Moore 37, Fairbanks 30.
Whittaker 14, J. Ellis 35, Sergeant ctroug 3!>,
Gass 32, Sergeant iJickerson 33. Sergeant
Downie 40, Monroe 18, C. Ellis 41, Johmgan
40, Lieutenant Vangtit 40, McCorinick 38.
Company B (Ciiy t.uartJ)— J. Fitz 40, W. D,
O'lirieu 33, T. Hammersoii 37, G. iU-izuiHn
37, A. Hammcrson 37, Captain Filmcr 39
A. H. Freeh 40, E. B. Pippin 38, E. j.. Filnur
37, A. McCulloch 39, George Sulhvau 39,
W. Proll 25, G. Uußerman 39, G. Clausgenius
40, Lieutenant B. B. Sturdivant 40, U.King
33, fc. C. Cordell 43, C. Perry 40, J. R. Wear
34, A. Apthrope 42, I* TnwnM.nd 35, H. B
Sullivan 38. T. W. Taylor 35, W. N. Kelly 89
G. D. Bell 28, F. Hawjey 25, X FltzM-rald 20.'
H. B. Taylor 40, M. Cresana 22, J. Cresalia 19.
Company Lof the First— Serjeant Burlison.
38; H. G. Leffman, 39; \V. T. Keardon, 35;
Captain J. F. Eggeri, 37; Corporal J. M. Foley
37; J. C. Lauber, 35; B. Davis, 30; H. J. L'ff
maun,26; Corporal E. A. Wi.liams. 39; Ser
geant (jiundman, 43; S. E. French. 29; W r>
Williams, 30; D. Rodders, 24; H. Reese, 0; J.
S. Slattery.42; Zermer, 7.
Knights oi the Red Branch Rifles— Captain
J. J. Rog'-rson, 42; J. Hoean, 39; Sergeant D.
Russel.. 39; James Hayes. 22; Sargeant M
Gaul, 39; M. Kavanagh. 25; J. I). Loughrev
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WHEELOCK & CO.,
4 Leldesdorff St., Tel. Main 1954.
centra i. orricK
CSS Market Hu, Palace Hotel. Pur A Atkinson.
Managers. Tel. Main 6144.
uptown Office— Bald win Jiote! (adjoining Grill
Room). Tel. Main 1081.
PURDY. ATKINSON * CLAPP. Managers.
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo
Utlona. Reference Ist National Bank. d. i.
csicaou rjuvAfjt wuut, tmw yon*
Their many friends will be surprised and delighted to learn of the marriage yesierday morning of James S. Hawkins and
Miss Maude Kaufmanr.. In the bright gladness of early Easter day they stole a romantic march on their hosts of acquaint
ances, becoming the tirst wedded pair of the accepted hymeneal season.
The bride. Miss Kaufmann, is a daughter of Frederick Kaufmann, manager of the California Wine Company, ownine vine
yards iv Napa and Fresno, besides being a large holder of city property. The young lady is an exceptionally tine artist, a
graduate of the Occidental Art School, her oil painting "The Storm" being one of her best-known works. She is an accom
plished musician and a proficient in boating and swimming i-xercises. A demi-blonde, with blue eyes, her personal charms
are noted in her iargo circle of friends.
Mr. Hawkins, the groom, is a handsome and popular youne Native Son. He is cashier of N. Clark & Sons in the pottery
business and a director and stockholder in the H. T. Holmes Lime Company. A veteran member of the National Guard and
active member of the Nationals he has also been closely identified with many prominent social organizations. Mr. Hawkins,
as director-general, successfully managed the water carnival or "Night in Venice' : at Belvedere during the seasons of 1?94 and
1895. Indeed, it is notable that the idea of the water carnival — the first ever held in the State — originated on board Mr.
Hawkins' ark, the Polhwog, further famed for having housed Governor Budd on a certain celebrated trip of retirement.
And the Poliiwog is to be more romantically honored yet, for after a brief trip to Los Angeles and its fiesta the happy
couple will spend their summer honeymoon on board the ark in Belvedere Cove. They left for Los Angeles on the Corona yes
terday.
28; M. Lane, 32; M. O'Neill, 14: P. Conley,
25; T. Mouogunu. 16; A. Whelton, 31; James
Smith, 44; L. M. Mannix, 32; J. J. Louai'rey,
31; W. I. Hannon, 34; M. Collius, 32; C.
Suav, 10; Jobn MeKinna, 28; P. Brad v, 26.
There was an interesting team snoot in
which the following well-known National
Guardsmen took place, and their scores
were :
Colonel V. Smith 38, Major Cook 41, Captain
ONeil33. Total 112.
Capiain Richter 3D, Lieutenant Raum 42,
Lieutenant Huber4l. Total 122.
PUGILISTS SIGN ARTICLES.
Jeffries and Raker and Steve O'Donnell
and Greggalns to Fight at the
Olympic.
Tne boxine committee of the Olympic
Club met yesterday afternoon and held a
lengthy conversation with J. Jeffries and
H. Baker, the stockyard chain ;>ion.
The heavy-weights agreed finally to fight
twenty rounds under the auspices of the
club some evening in May to be selected
later on. It will be remembered that the
club matched Gans, the colored pugilist
of Baltimore, and Mike Leonard of New
York to fieht in May, but this match may
fall through as some members of the box
ing committee learned recently that Gans
can very easily dispose of Leonard, who is
not rat'd a top notcher by any means in
the East.|
It is thought that "Spider" Kelly would
give Gans a better argument than Leon
ard, and possib v the "Spider" will be
substituted for Leonard. The club has
written to Steve O'Donnell with tho ob
ject of matching him against Alec Greg
gains, and if tne Eastern pugilist will ac
cept of the terms that have been offered
him O'Donnell and Gregeains will meet
in a twenty-rourd content iii June. They
are both very clever boxers and a grand
exhibition of clean hitting and stopping
will be witnessed.
George Green and Danny Needham met
for the second time last evening ai Young
Mitchell's emporium of sports, and ar-
KueJ over weight for quite awhile. Need
ham finally agreed to light Green at 145
pounds, and the pueilists Dromised to
,-ign articles with the Occidental Club thi9
afternoon. Needham at first refused to
fight at any weight less than 150 pounds,
but Green stood out for a cut of rive
pound?, and Needham, rather than go
without a mill, consented to Green's
terms.
The California Club expects to sign
some of the fighters this evenlnc. The
committee expected to niatcn Jeffries and
Baker, but it will be surprised to learn
th.it the Olympic Club stole a march on
the bold California mutch-makers.
THE HANDBALL COURTS.
J. C. Nealon and P. T. Donnelly Defeat
T. F. Bonnet and Al
Hampton.
The San Francisco handball court was
crowded yesterday, and several exciting
and closely contested games were wit
nessed.
The chief attraction was a game in
whicii J. C. Nealon and P. T. Donnelly,
the amateur champion, played against T.
Y. Bonnet and Al Hampton. The game
was keenly contested, and Nealon and
Donnelly won the final by two aces.
Another game that aroused the greatest
Interest was played between It. Lineban,
the overhand swiper, and George Hutch
inson and J. Feeney and E. Toy. It was
either team's giime from start to finish,
Linvhan and Hutchinson winning the
linal by one ace.
To settle a long-disputed controversy as
to who is the be ter player, C. J. Talo and
Harry Kacquillat played a game for a
French supoer. Talo carried off the hon
ors, winning two games to one.
Ihe game for the coast championship
between John R-ordan. the present cham
pion, and T. F. Bonnet will be played
next Sunday afternoon, aud it will De
wll worth seeing.
Following were the games played yes
terday:
J. Nagle and M. Fogarty defeated M. O'Brien
and D. O'Brien, 21-15, 17—21, 21—20. R.
Shea and H. Moffift defeated R. Shields and I'
Barrett, 21-15. 14-21, 21-19. M. Basch and
J. Br.nvn defeaien D. Recall and C. Carson,
21—13. 16-21, 21—14. D. Counolly and P.
Hvan defeated J. Lawless and M McNeil 21—
13. 15-21. 21-19. M. Maguire r.nd W. Stnns.
bury defeated J. Uussev and G. llazuire,
gl— l4, 16-W. 21-17. C. J. Talo defeated
Harry Rocquil.ai. 21—13, 15—21. 21—17. R.
Linehan and G. Htitchinson difeatod X Toy
and J. Feeney, 21—14, 17—21, 21—20. W
Stansbury and E. Toy defeated R. Murphy and
M. Edwards, 21—15, 13-21, 21—17 J c
Nealon and P. T. Donnelly defeated p.F. Bon.
net and A. Hampton, 21—14, 17—21, 21—19.
HOI. MA . CHITHjALIjX IIjI,,
The Venerable Watchdog of the Tr>a\
ur;/ in a Serious < ition.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Apri! 18.—
treasury watchdog, William Hoi man, the
venerable Representative from Indiana,
is critically .ill. Two weeks ago he was
seized with vertigo in the street, falling
heavily to the v stone pavement. Since
then a complication of diseases has arisen.
Hoi man's advanced ace is 76, and ,his
weakened condition makes the outcome
doubtful.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 19, 1897.
THE FIRST EASTER WEDDING.
DOUGHTY TURNERS
ON EXHIBITION
A Clever Show in Aid of
the Competing Team
for San Jose.
Feats of Strength, Tableaux and
a Pantomime All in One
Evening.
After That a Ball, in Which Several
Hundred Participated, Then Voted
That They Had a Good Time.
The turn section of the Verein Eintracht
gnve an elaborate exhibition and ball last
night at Eintracht Hall, the proceeds of
which are to go toward paying the ex
penses of the prize gymnastic class that is
to compete at the coming 'iurners'festi
val at San Jose.
The entertainment opened with an ex
hibition on the horizontal bnr, in which
participated Fred Becker, J. D. Batteux,
George Dahmke, Herman Haustein,
Charles Haas, George Steffens, Al Kuenzi,
D. Wagoner, Philip Knack, C. D. Freid
richs. The boys' class followed with
a long pole exercise, and the girls' class
with a May-poie dance. Then there were
several pretty tableaux representing the
May king and queen and their courts, and
alter that a selection by the Eintracht
singing section.
A series of tabeaux of ancient and mod
ern statuary were given with most artistic
effect. Represented on the stags were
''Theseus and Sinnis." "Ulysses Slaying
Cherjidamas Before Troja," "Seipio and
Hannibal Before the Battle of Zama,"
"Claudius Being Crowned Emperor by
His Soldiers," "Cain and Abel," "Segest
Betraying to Varus the Dans of Her
mann," "Ajax Telamonius Wounds Hec
tor."
Professor H. (J. F. Stnhl and John D.
Batteux gave an expert and clever fencing
exhibition and this was succeeded by a
dumbbell exercise and tableau by the
boys' evening class. A series ol tableaux
of ancient and modern statuary weie
given with most artistic effects, and alter
this some fencing and dumbbell exer
cises.
Tne entertainment concluded with the
pantomime, "Tlie Four Lovers." The
cast was as follows:
Squire Livingston Gu». Audibert
Clara, bU daughter Cha*. Urant.
Davy Copperneld, in love with Clara .■.<■<>. steffens
(Quaker, In love with Clara L Scht-.npler
l'rii-st in lovj with Clara. A. Kr'fiind
Farmer's sod, iv love witn Clara. Chas linns
The farmer Ph. Krlack
Washerwoman A. Freund
aud Caspar Elletiberger as the Squire's servant.
A dance followed t lie entertainment.
As there was an immense crowd present,
the receipts will doubtless show a hand
some surplus for the Eintrachts' repre
sentative team at Ban Jose.
SHOOTING AT TWIN PEAKS.
In a Row in a Grocery- Store Thomas
Me tall Received a Bullet in the
Face.
A shooting scrape took place last night
between 8 and 9 o'clock in a grocery
store at Huttie and Merritt streets at the
base of Twin Peaks, in which Thomas Mc-
Fall received a bullet under the right
Himself, Joe and William Reedy, two
brothers, visited the saloon kept by a
man named Petesall and there a mi-iun
derstan-iing arose between the bartender,
whose first name is known to be Charley,
and McFall and his friends. "Charley"
tired two shots at McFall, one of which
took effect in McFall's face just under the
right eye and close to the nose.
The bail is supposed to be imbedded in
the muscles of the neck, and unless some
unforeseen serious results Jollow, the in
jured man will rerover.
Sergeant John Martin investigated the
case and bis report differs from the «tory
told by McFall.
The sergeant states that McFall, Charles
Taylor, Daniel Schliner and two D»-a ly
boys, all well-kuown tou?;ti characters
went into Charles Miller's bar and asked
him for drinks. They said they hail no
money, and as they had been drinking
Miller refused to accommodate them
They said they wouid have tlie drinks
anyhow, and McFall went one way to get
behind the bar and Taylor went the
other way, while one of the Deady boys
ricked up a chair and advanced upon
** ] 1 1 io r«
Being afraid oi his life, Miller picked op
a piece of lead pipe eight inches long and
struck McFall under the eye with it.
Then they all ran out.
McFall went to Richardson's drug store
and Dr. Bell examined the wound. Mc-
Fall said he had been shot by Miller, who
placed the revolver close to his face, but
there were no powder marks on his face.
No one in the neighborhood heard tbe
report of a revolver and no revolver was
found on Miller's premise?, although a
careful search was made. The piece of
lead pipe was taken vos-e=sion of by Ser
geant Martin. Under the circumstances
Miller was not arrested.
THE GEUTLI VEEEIN
<.ivr» a Concert and Ball in San 1 ran-
vif>co Turn Halle.
There was a large number of the mem
bers of the Swiss colony in San Francisco
Turn Verein Hall, on Turk street, to listen
to an excellent musical programme given
by the San Francisco Grutli Verein.
The programme, given under the direc
tion of Robert Zimmerman, embraced the
following numbers:
Overture, "Popular Airs" (Becker), Rosner's
Orchestra; "Uruss an die bohweiz" (W.
Tschircl>). Orutli Verein; selections, Alpen
rosii Maimerchor; tenor solo, "Kutireihen"
(F. Schn.ebcrger), \V. Schmalz; "Drau
WMlzer" (T. Koschat); zithervortrag, Na
tional Zi her Club, under direction of Pro
fessor F. Luuterbtich; "Das Ziilerthal" (Carl
FlttiK), ten Francisco Grutli-Veroin-Chor,
with L-ary tone solo by (Jlrico Giuge; "Voelker
ireiheit" (ear. Attenhofer), Grutli Verein.
At the close of the programme there
was a dance, in which many couples par
ticipated.
Explanation.
The arrow files with the wind. The top figat«a
•I station indicate maximum temperature for th«
days: those - underneath It. If any, the amount of
r&lnmll, of melted snow in inches and hundredth*.
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid)
lines, connect point of equal air pressure; Iso
tharms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "hich" means hlch barometric pressure and
Is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and Is usually preceded'
mill accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows" usually first appear on the Washington
coast. When the pressure is high in tha interior
and low along the coast, and the Isobars extend
north and sooth along the coast, rain is probable:
but when the "low" Is Inclosed with Isobars of
mar curvature, rain south of Oregon Is improb
able. With a "high" In the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse ot the** conditions
will produce an opposite result. ;'• -
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
I'NiTicn States Department or Aomcrt/-
THBK, WFATHKR BURKAU, «AX FRANCISCO,
A pill 18, 1897, 5 p m. - I he followlnß are the rain
f»l:s for the pan 'Jl hours, and sensonnl rainfalls
to aaic ai compared with those of th ■ same dute
last season.
Kureku, past '24 hoars. .00, this season 48. 04,
last season 42.57: Red Biuff, past 24 nours trace,
this season UH.74. last season 17.63: San Francisco,
past 24 hours trace, ihi* season 22.57, last season
17.38; Fresno, pant 24 hours .00, this season
10 b.i last season 5.99: San Luis Oblspo past 24
hours trace, mis season 20 71. lastseason ir>.Bß: Ix>»
Ange es. past 24 hours trace, this season 16.74.1a5t
season 8.88: San Diego, pait 24 hours .00, this
season 11.63, last season 6.80: Vun.a, past 24 houri
.00, UiU season 5.95, last i*uoa .88.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature
61, minimum 51, mean 56.
A well defined ihrough-lllce depression extends
from eastern Washington southeiiNtward to Ari
zona. Tills is causing cloudy weaher throughout
the Pacific (.oast stales and occasional showers In
central California, iiiictit showers have also oc
curred in th- Columbia River Valley. While this
Sturm is not sufficient to cause general rain, it has
resulted hi such low pressures that unsettled
weather Is probable, ana. should another storm
app- on the coast, general rain conditions would
resu t.
The high temperatures which have prevailed In
<.'all'orni;i for the past ten days have now been
succeeded by cool we-ither. The temperatures to
rn -tit in the interior of California approximate 20
decrees lower than last night.
Weather conditions and general forecast :
Forecasts made at San ranclsco for 'SO hours
ending at midnight, April 19. 1897:
-Northern California— Cloudy and somewhat un
settled weather Monday, but generally without
rain; fresh we terly wic'ds.
■Southern California — 1 artly cloudy Monday;
fresh westerly winds.
Nevada— Cloudy Monday: cooler in the east
portion.
Cloudy and occasional light showers Mon
day ; cooler
Arizona— Cloudy Monday ; cooler in all but ex
treme west portion. : . '.r'- v T'
Sau Francisco ana vicinity— Partly cloudy and
somewhat unsettled weather Monday, generally
without rain; fresh to brisk westerly winds.
W. H. Hammon, Forecast Official.
OVD.AN BTlfAtr rUfMi
Date* of Departure From San Franefneo*
UKSTISATIOS.
H^ir-*
| I- 1 mi.
iy of i'aia
al None..
Panama.
Grays Harbor.
Newport
H0n01u1u......
linn Harbor.
Coos Bay
Vie & Pet Una
China A Japan
Coos May
Han Diego
Humboidtßay
Portland
t.oos Bay
Newport
laamna Bar.
Mexico
Vie & Pet Snd I
Apr 19. 12 m
Apr 19. 6rM
Apr 20, 9am
Apr 20. 2pm
Apr 20.12 M
Apr 20, 6pm
Apr 21. oam
Apr 21. Ipm
Apr 21. 12«
Apr 22.11 am
Apr 23. 2pm
Apr 25.104 M
Apr 28. 4pm
Apr 24. 9am
Apr 26. 9A it
Apr 26.10 am
Apr 2b. 9am
rM » <
Pier 28
Ptwll
Pier 7
Pier 3
Her IS
Pier 9
PMSf
Pier 8
Pier 11
Pier 3
' Pier 24
Pier 1 1
Pier 11
Pier 2
Pier 11
Plerft
nreka
ustralla. ..
anoi
omer
allaWaUa
»ellc
wrtna
inta Rosa.
umboldt..
>lDmbla...
rcata
mm Bay. . .
iraiion
'izaba
matllta
STEAMEKS TO AKIUVE.
NTKAMBR
I niCKOQ ........
)rlzaba
.'rescent City..
Homer
.rnnna
Jolumbia
Santa Kosa
kilneola
Pomona. „
vvlllamette
nilamoolc
Norm >orc- ...
tiumboldt
Loo» Bay
%rcata
fmatllla,
Farallon
hcapulco
TUlamoolc Bay
Mexico
Crescent City
Coos Bay
Coos Bar
Portland.
Han Dieato _..
'1 acorn a
Uumboldt Bay
Seattle
Portland
in bo. ill 1»ay.....
Uumboldt Bay.
Newport
Coos Bay
Victoria A Pueet Bonnd
Yaqnlna Bar
Panama.
Nan Diego
Portland.
..Apr 19
..Apr 19
..Apr 19
..Apr 19
..Apr 20
.Apr 20
..Apr 30
..Apr jo
..Apr 21
..Apr 21
..Apr 21
..Apr 21
..Apr 21
..Apr 2'i
..Apr 22
..Apr 22
..Apr 22
..Apr 23
..Apr 24
i'orona
Jiifen
..Anr n
SUM, MOON AJ*t> Tll)i£.
Cicmro £tatbs Coast aj*d oxoo^tto Bubvht-
TllfM AMD BKIOHTS Or HIOH AITD LOW
WATHM AT i'ORT POIIJT, F..tTBA-.C» TO
tAN Fbancisco Bat. Pttblisbicd by Orrt
ciai. Adthobitt or TEK bDriESiKTxsourT.
Note— The high and low water* occur at ttie
City Front (Mlsslon-sireec Wharf) about twenty
live minutes later than at Fort Point, me uei«tu
01 tide is the same at both places.
April — 1897.
Monday. April 19
«nn risen 6.27 Moon r\ttm 10.21fm
Bnn sets 6.60 .Moon nets.
I !me
i Time | FM^|Tlm»
j H VV ! 11. W
Fe«t Tlme
H W
1.
H \V
■.'0 1 0.40
21 I.VB
22 1 2.1:8
23 3.42
241 6.08
I. W
25 0.3;
6.3
6.2
4 8
4.61
4.2
I. W
7.48,-1.0
JS.6O —0.8
9.55 -U. 6
11.02 -0.2
1 12.04 0.1
H \V
i 0.34 4.0
tt.oU «'.«
H W
3.14 S.B
4.32 .H. 9
6.44 ac
fib 4.1
7.80 4.5
L vtf
1.00 0.6
II w
7.2U
8.27
9.66
11.31
2.9
2.5
2.4
2.3
XM\
ii'Vv
I 8.06
4.5
Not*— In the atx>re exposition of the tides the
early morning tides are Riven In to* left hand
column, and tbe successors tides of the day In th*
order of occurrence m to time. The second time
column (Tires the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column fives the last tide of the day, except
when there are bat three tides, as sometime*
occurs. The heights given are additions to tha
soundings on the United States Coast Burvey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes th*
height, and then the number given is subtractive
from the depth given by the charm.
.lUIIIE 1O SlAKl>l.i:>
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
OftVe located In the MerchantV Excbaops Is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality aad free of
expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, whore complete nets Of charts and salltac
directions of the world are kept on hand, or com
parison and reference, and the latest Information
oan always be obtained regarding lights, dangers
to navigation aad all matters of Interest to ocean
commerce.
The time ball on top of th« building on Tele
graph Hill la hoisted about ten mlnutea before
noon, and is dropped at noon. 120tb meridian, by
telegraphic aifrnal received each day from the
United «iates Naval Observatory a. Mare Island
Cal.
A notice atatlog whether tb« time ball was
dropped on time, or giving the error, If any, U
published the aame day ay the afternoon papers,
and by me morning papers the following :uv.
W. a Hcann.
Lieutenant. TJ. S. N.. In cluvrf.
SHIPPINCi IN I KI.I.IUKM K.
ArriTed.
SUNDAY, April 18.
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson, 38 hours from Port
Los Angeles: oaila.it. to L E White Lumber Co.
Mnir Point Arena. Johnson. 16 sours from
Mendoclno, etc; pass and mdse, to Mendoclno
Lumber Co.
tjtmr Washtenaw. Crosscnp, 78 hours from Ta
come : 4HOO tons coal, to s P Co. Ouklnnd direct.
Stmr National City. Andresen, 16 boars from
TJsal; J ).b76 r r lies, to C A Hooper <& Co.
Ptmr Eureka, Parsons, 70 hours from Newport
•nd way ports; pass and mdse, to Uoodall, Perklnj
Co.
btmr Noyo, Levlnson. 14 hours from For; Bragg;
puss and mils-, to J S Kimball.
stnir Sunot, Dettmers, 73 hours from Grays
Harbor; pass and mdse, to Grays Harbor Commer
cial Co.
atmr Gipsy. Leland. S3 hour* from Mo<i Land.
Insr. etc: produce, to Goodall. Perkins <fc Co.
Stmr City of Peking, Smith, 25 days from
Hongkong, via Yokohama 14 3/. days: pass and
mdse. to P M 8 8 Co.
Btctn Gardiner City, Masters. 31 days from Ban
Marcos Jslan I: 600 tons gypsum, to Lucas & Co.
Schr Moro. Jorjcenien. 72 hoars from CoqulUe
River via shelter Co; mdse, to J 3 Klmball,
.->:. ■.'■.":■"':■.■•„■: . bailed.
SUNDAY. April 18.
Rtmr Bonlta, Nicholson, southern port*.
Stmr Pomona. Doran. Eureka.
Btmr Queen. Green, Astoria,
ittmr Chllkut, Dunham. Eel River,
simr Corona. Jeps«n San Diego.
Blctn to >; castle. Hnbbard. Honolnlu.
Schr C H Merchant. Brannan, Grays Harbor.
ISchr Ivy, Murcblson. Grays Harbor.
Telegraphic.
»-otvt LOBr* 1 * April 18 -12 r. it- Weather
cloudy: wind 6W; vt-ioci .- 20 uiu«s.
Memorandnm.
PerSunol— Apr 18 <pok» schr Mary Taylor of
Victoria 12 miles west of I'mpqua with 35U seals.
All well. Had a broken main boom.
Domestic Port*.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Apr 16— Stmr Pasadena,
from .Eureka. 18— ISttn Uncle John, from Eu
reka.
man DIEGO— Apr B— stmr Excelsior. for
Ban Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Apr 17-Scur Se
quoia, for San Diego.
Arr v- i Apr 17— *chr Orion, hence Apr 2. 18-
schr Fort una, trom Eureka.
REDONDO-Sai!«-<1 Apr 18— Schr General Ban
ning, lor Grays Harbor.
COO!* BAY— Arrived Apr 18-S.mr Arcata, hce
Apr 16-
MENDOCINO— Sailed Apr 18— Stmr Point
Areno, for San Francisco.
- TATOOSH— Passed Apr 18— Stmr City of
Puebla, iifnce Apr 16 for Victoria.
YAQUINABAY-s-alled Apr 18-Btmr Faral
lon. for Han Francisco.
ASTORlA— sailed Apr 18-Btmr« Tlllamook
an 1 Columbia, for san Francisco.
HARDY XXX— Hilled Apr 18— Scnr Nettle
Sundborg. for San Francisco.
Arnvvi Apr 18-Stoir Cleone. hence Apr 17.
EUREKA— Arrived Apr ls-atmr liumbold'.,
hence Apr 17.
GREENWOOD- Arrived Apr 17— Stmr Whites
boro, heaca Apr 17. ■
* Hailed Apr 18— btmr Greenwood, for San Fran
cUvu. ,
CASPAR— Arrived Apr 18— 3chr Elvenla, hnce
Apr 15.
BOWKNB LA NDlNO— Arrived Apr 18-Schr
Monterey, hence Apr 17.
Il**S4gft| MANHOOD RESTORED
9 w^JiV — «. S ■•■•■W«#»# tittM'iJ | WBBfciWVituiizer.theprcscrip.
73* <C^ Sr WSm 55w m tlon °* a ; atuous French physician, will quickly cure you of all ncr-
VsV jcAI \*T '. \l ? or . dl *;''7 scs , o^^ the generative organs, such as Lost Manhood,
S OU \L A*U Insomnia, Pains in the Buck, Seminal Nervous Debility
\ \ Pimples, L nil tness to Marry, Exhausting Drains, Varlcoc.le and
>C T V ■•-"/■ Constipation. It stops all losses by day or night Prevents quick.
X» • X»au*/ ness of discharge, which If not checked leads to Spermatorrhoea and
BEFORE mb AFTER all the horrors of Impotency. CUriOEJJIK cleanses the liver, th|
OLruht •"° * r ' kidneys and the urinary organs of all impurities,
1 CVPinXNE strengthens and restores small weak organs. -
The reason sufferer: are not cured by Doctors is because ninety per c?nt are troubled wltk
■t»ittl«. COPI DENE Is the only kno*n remedy to cure without an operation. 5000 testimony
ills. A written guarantee given and money returned if six boxes does not effect a permanent cure*
a box, six for $.1.00, by matL Send for circular and testimonials. -. -
Addrew I>AVU** aHmmiHU CO., 1170 Market street, San Francisco, Cal. *orsaleby
WKOOJkS* /VfIABMACY, US* toweU airott.
! iiium-l ;i. i.i-t 4
COQUILLK RIVEB-Fer Moro-140 tons coal.
38 M it lumber, 176 sk3 potatoes, 271 pkss broom
handles.
Shelter Cove— 67 bales wool. 2 Dbss mdse.
HI'ESKMK — Per Kureka— '£ bxs butter, 1 pk;
pelts 35 sks wool, 4 bdis Hides. 2 bbls tallow. ;
Nowpor: Sooih— l«42 sk3barley.il bbls sweet
potatoes. 4.- bxi oranges.
Kast San Peoro, etc— l bx varnish, 105 bis wool.
5 rs CHime I fish.
■ San Pedro, etc— l bx hardware, 1 cs druga, 12
bxs chocolate, 6 sec barrows. 3 D bars, til bdls dry
pelts.
Ventura— fi bdts hides, 2 cs dry eoods. 1 pkg
castings, 'i pkus nidse. 5 sks walnuts, 55 sks beans,
-26 bxs oranges, 51 im lemons.
. C-rplnterla- 1 bdi trees. 8 sks green peas.
_ hanta Barbara— 3s bxs oranges, 3 bbis meal, 154
bxs lemons, 2 diesis tea.
Ciavioia— 1 cs shear*. 2 cs eggs, 4 bis batter. 31
sks crawfish, 1 bdi sacks.
Port Harford, etc- 1 2 013 fish. 17 cs e«gs. 1 pkg
mdse. 2 keg* 34 bxs butter, 2 coops ch.ckens. 10
cschi-cie.
Cayuco»— l2 tubs 168 bx-< butter. 13 cs eggs. 10
dressed calves, 4 cs cheese. 8 flasks quicksilver, 1
bbl c ockery, y, bbl whisky.
Sin simeon-58 tubs 102 \ bxs butter, 5 cs eggs,
11 dressed calves.
Mon erey-2 hxs butter, 46 bdis hides and skins.
SOUTH BEND-Per Suuol-1 bx glassware, 1
bx' hardware. 1 bx mdse.
Cosmopolls— 3oo M t lumber.
PIUEoN POINT— Per Gipsy— l 63 bxs 62 drms
cheese, 3 bxs butter, 107 sks beans, 1 keg horse
shoes.
Santa Cruz— 2s pkgs junk. 6 bxs butter, 1 pkg
p pc, 1 pump. 8 cs cheese, 1 csegfjs, s*oo bbis lime.
Moss Landing— 2 bxs cutter, a cs eggs, 1 pkg
m ■ ■•■ Isk beet ■< >e<i
HONGKONG AND YOKOHAMA- Per City of
Peking— For San Francisco— -^tß pkes coffee, 1692
pices matting, 2 pkgs gunnies. 38 pk<s silk goods,
7 pkgs parcels, 4 pkgi cigars. . 769 pigs tin, 850
pkgj hemp, 50 pkgs spice, SJO pkua jute, ■•.'« pkKS
curios, l.*> 6 Dkgs oil. 6 pkgs raw alik, drtl pkgs lea,
13.441 pkgs rice, 4146 pkgs mdse.
For overland— s4l p*gs matting, 131 pkgs
silk goods, 16 parcels, 37 pkgs curios. 1114 pkgs
raw silk, 2376 pitgs tea, 60 pkgs rice, 866 plus
mdse.
For Central And South America— 4o pkgs silk
good*. 20 plcgs matting. 17 pkgs curios, » pkgi
lea, :'.'_> mdse.
FORTBRAUU— Ppr Noyo-1 bx laws, 1 p<g
baric. 12 sks beans, 1 Cs dry goods, 1 a clothing,
257 M ft lumber.
MENDOUiNo, ETC— Per Point Arena— 47 bxs
butter, 2ca egg'i, 2cs mdse, 16 aides ana pa. —
r r ties.
Consignees.
Per Moro— J S Klmball: L G Sresovlch <fe Co: J
A I.yon: Thos Denlgan, Son <&, Co; Hulme A Hart;
Stein <fc Co; s struuss.
Her Soyo— Union Lumber Co; Sirr.ouds Saw Co:
W L Witham: Koth A Co; Heyman «fc Mayer: H
HUp: Jt Blumenthal A Co.
PerKureka— Newmark A Edwards: Wolf .8; Son:
Eveleth A Nash ; Hllmer, Bredhoff <fcSchulz: E P
Ban.-; Thos JJeni*a >, Son & Co; WC Price A Co;
W B Humner ACo ; Erlanger A Galinger; immel
it Co: L Scatena A Co: J ivancovich Berry
Bros: Wetmore Bros; W W Montague A Co; G W
8t C.air; Lievre, Fricke <£ Co; American Union
Fisn Co; Wheaton, Breon &Qo: A Paladlnl : D M
Osborn&Co: J B Inguglla; J H Kissing: Bauer
Pros <fc Co: Milanl&Co: Ross <& Hewlett: Chicago
Bre.\try; Norton, Teller A Co: C E Whitney A Co:
J H Newbauer A Co: Dairymen's Union; sunset
Heed and Plant Co; Witzel A Baker; Hills Bros: A
Levy A Co: Dodce. Sweeney A Co: I) Gbirardelll A
son; E X Stevens A Co: De Bernard! A Co; Home
Supply Assn; Smith's Cash Store. Bros A Co :
O B .Smith A Co; H Heckman A Co: Mac* A Co:
California Construction Co; well in an. Peck A Co;
Cat Bottling C ■: M TFreltas&Oo: V Uri* Co: J
Wielan i ; Western Meat Co: H NTilden Co; H
Meyer: Marshall, Teggart A Co: Blsslncer A Co: B
B Fiim; SawyerTanningCo; arris & Co: J De
mar.lnl; T B Bishop: f Ames A Co: Pac Coast
Flih Coi H F A.leu: Calltornia Fl*h Co: A Wyss:
X Beeneman: Monwoaierv A Co.
Per -uno — Grays Harbor Commercial Co: \V H
Dal ton; Dunham, Carrigan A Co; Wheaton, Breon
A Co; C E Whitney A vJo.
Per Gipsy— Hrrman .loos:.: Norton, Teller A Co;
C Carpy A Co: Enterprise Brewery; B'^ei A Co;
A Gall Fruit Co: Hills Bros; Dairymen's Union:
Dodge, Sweeney A Co: Cowell Co: California
Tallow Co; Wellman, Peck <S CO; Gttz Bros A Co;
Hllmer, Bredhoff A t>cuuiz: Price A Keyed; Giuos
Bros: Sadler A Co; Mtlwuuk-e Brewery; Naber,
Mi* A Brune: X H Sheldon; J M Laughlin; F M
Bergman; Taylor A Co; A W Fink.
Par City of PeKln.-— Anglo-California Bank; A
G Kodnqupz: A Schilling A Co: G Abrahamson; S
L Jones A Co; London. Paris A American Hank:
Ma on i my A Co; M J Bra:;aensteln A Co: OKA
>•" Co: I Okuno: order; Alex Center; Schwartz
Bros: Wells, Fargo A Co; 8 Co; Chinese mer
chants.
Per Point Arena— W B Samner A Co: Dpnnl*on
A Wilson: Wheaton, Breon A Co; Ross A Hew
lott: FBHaight; Dairymen's Union: De Bernardl
ACo.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Plane <X>AST_STEAMSBIP CO.
STEAMERS LEAVE BROADWAY A**
wharf, San Francisco, as follows: JoSfESt
For cons In Alaska, April 1, 6. 11, 16, til, **
and every fifth day thereafter, at 9 a. m.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett. Anacorles an.l
New Wuatcom (iiellinxham Bay, Wash.). 9a. m.
April 1, . 11, 10, 21, 28 and every fifth day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P. R.
R., at '1 'aroma with N. r. R. R., at Seattle with U. ,
N. Ky., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For Kureka, Areas and Fields Landing (Hum-
boldt Bar), Btr. Pomona 2 p. m., April 2. 6, 10. 14,
18. 22, 26. 30 and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon. Cayncoa, i
Port Harford (San Luis Obtspo), Oaviota, "santa
Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme, ban Pedro, East San
Pedro (Los AnealeM and Newport, at 9 a. m.
April 4. 8, 12, 16, 20, 24, 28, and every fount]
day thereafter. ■'
For san Diego, stopping only nt Port Harronl
(San Luis Obispo), >anta Barbara, Port Los An-
geles. Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
A.M. April 2, 6. 10, 14, 18, 22, 26, 30, anil every
fourth day thereafter.
For Enseoada, San Jose del Cabo. MaaaU*a,£a
Paz and Quaymaa (Mexico), steamer cmzuba. 10
a. m. 25th of each month. . ■.. - .
1 he Company reserves the right to change with-
out previous 5 notice steamers, sailing/dates and
hours of sailing. Ticket office— Palace Hotel, 4
New Montgomery street. ■
OOODALL, PERKINS * CO., Gnn'l Agents.
10 Market at.. San Franclsca
THEO.R.&N.CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAM.ERS TO
I^ORTLAN ID
From Spear-street Wharf, at 10 a. m.
FA T?l?/»12 First-class \ Including
- * Jl JV< *.; Second-class /berth meals
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Columbia March 24, April 3,13.29
State of California. .March 29, April 8. 18, 28
Through tickets and through baggage to ail
Eastern points. Rates and folders upon applica-
tion to
F. F. CONNOR. General Agent.
630 Market, street.
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO.. Superintendent*
SMMaalMUdl S. S. AUSTRALIA for
lEffllfaL H v N o L U L C only,
• £■*■"■* Tup 3d ay, April 20, at
y™^^_^^ 2 p. m. Special party
>HSaMninj 'lheS.B. MONO WAI
(j)lulllljll!|y- / sails via HONOLULU
• /RmRTIRU-* nd AUCKLAND for
\yilfflJlMJ^ SYDNEY, Thursday,
April 29, '£ P. m.
LInetoCOOLGARDIE, AnsU.and CAPETOWN,
U J. d/sPRECKELS A BROS. CO., Agents.
114 Montgomery street.
Freight office, 327 Market street, Mm Francisco.
COMPAGIIEGEIERAL TR.f ISATLII
French Line to Havre.
/COMPANY'S I'IER(NEW),42 NORTH A*
V,' River, foot of Morton at. Travelers by -ffIKCGJ?
this line avoid both transit by English railway an |
the discomfort of crossing . the channel In a small
boat. New York to Alexandria. Egypt, via Part*
firs: class *160, second class *116.
LA CHAMPAGNE April 24, 10a. m.
ia oa>COGNE May 1, 10 a.m.
LATOURAINE May 8, 10 a, M.
LA BRETAONE Ma. 15. 10 a. if. ;
LA CHAMI'AfiSK * " 22, 10 A.M.
tW For further particulars apply to ;>,-'
A. FORGET, Agent.
No. 3. Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FUGAZI A CO., Agents, 6 Montgomery
avnue, San Francisca
"~~ STOCKTO3 STEAMERS ,
Leave Pier No. 3, Washlnarton st-
At (i F. M. Daily. Freight received tin
to .>:;*(► P. M. w
jfg- Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
■l lie only lint- selling through tickets and giving
through freight rates to all points ou Valley
RaUroaJ. . STKAMERS: .
T. C. Walker, r :i .-,-J. D. retem,
alary ttarratt. j City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 80S. Cat. Nay. aud Impu Ue
FOR U. S. MVY-YARD YALLEJO.
STKASIKK ".MOXTICKLLO."
Mon., Toes., Wed:, Thurs. and Bat
..9:45a.m. and 3 p. m. (9 P." M "ex.Thuri.)
Fridays 1 p. M., 9 p.m.
Sundays 10:3J a. m. and 8 c. it.
Landing and otllces. Mission Dock, Pier J.
Telepnone Ureen 38 L
FOR SASJOSE, LOS GATOS& SAJTACRUZ
STEAMER ALVISO LEAVES PIE K 1 DAILY
O (Sundays exci-pted) at, 10 a. m. Alvlso dallr
(Saturday exceptcd) at ' 7 r. v. Freight and
Passenger. Far* between Han Francisco aad
Alvlso, 50c; to Bau Jose, 75c. Clay st* Pie* i.
m W. banta Clara «v, aaa Jos*
RAILROAD TRAVEC
SOUTTBIK«Bf I*A«:iF*C COMPAITT.
(pacific: SVSTKM.) ; JVv"
Trnl ■■■ le«¥e/J»n«l i»r«> «lti* to :>rrlvr at
" SAN FItAN<IMO.
leave — From Makch 21, 1897. — arbivi;
"•oToOa Niles, San Jose aad Way Stations . . . «:•* •'u
7:«0,v Atlantic Express, Ugjlen and Kast.. B:4 Hr
7*OOv Benida, Vacaville, Rumsey. Sacra-
mento, Orovillo and Bedding via
Davis .•••' 6:-S,lp
7:30 a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, Napa,
Caliitoga and Santa Rosa 6:13r
•::lOa Nilo.s, San .Jose. Stockton, lone.
Sacramento, Marysville, Chico,
Tchama and Red liliiff 4«l»p
•B:3oa Peters and Mi1t0n..... •7:18p
8:OOa New Orleans Kxpress. Raymond (for
Yosemite). l'resno, BabersQeld,
Santa Uarbara, I-os Angeles, Dem-
i'lir El Paso, New Orleans and
East • 4:4-"»»
9:00 a Martinez and Stockton 4:l."»p
»:OOa Vallejo •••'••: ••; 6:l.>p
.......Niles, San Jose, LiTermore and
Stockton.. • 7:15p
•l:OOp Sacra»»cato River Steamers «0:O«p
l:OOp Niles, San Joso and Livcrmore 8:43 a
fl:3op Port CosU and Way Stations f7:43r
*:oOp Martiuoz. San Ramon, Vallejo.
Napa, (7alistoga,"£l Verauo aud
SauUßosa .OilSa
4ioop Benicia, VacaviUe, Woodland,
Kuights Landing, MarysTille, Oro- '
ville and .Sacramento 11:13 a
4i3op Lathrop, Stockton, Modesto, Mer-
ced and Fresno, going via Niles.
returning via Martinez 11:43 a
• i«OpLo3 Angeles Exi>re«s, . Tracy,
Ifjffjj Fresno. Mojave (for Randsburg),
Santa Barbara and Los Angeles. 7:43 a
OiOOp Santa Fe Route, Atlantic Kxpress
forMojavo aud Kast 7:43*
6:00p Kuropeau Mail. Ogdeu and Kast.... 9:43 a
6:00p Hayv.arda, Niles and San J05e...... 7:43 a
|7>OOp Vallejo t~:43p
7:OOp Oregon Kxpress, Sacramento, Marys-
villc, Recldint', Portland, Puget
--. - Sound and Kast iltlßA
SANTA <:IUIZ DIVISION (Marrow Oaujre).
{7:43 a Santa Cruz Kxcursion, Santa Cruz
and Principal Way Stations JSiO5l
4:43 a Newark, Ceiitervillo,.San .lose, Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations .0100 l
•t:lsp Newark, Centervillo, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Itoulder- Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations "ll:2Oj •
Newark. San Jcmo and T,os Oatos . . . »:50a
CO AVI' IU VISION (lliird A louiim-iul Sis.) '
7:00 a San Jose and Way Stations (New : ~s'"'/ i
Almaden Wednesdays only) 1:301 i I
•:00a San Jose, Tre« l'iuos, Suuta Cruz, §
Piiciiic <3rove, Paso Robles, San- ' F V
Luis Oliispo, Guadalupa, Surf and . .'
Principal Way Stations 4:15f
I«;4Oa San Jose and Way Stations C:3Op
11:30 a Palo Alto and Way Stations 5:OOi
..■2:3upSan Mateo, Menlo Park, San Jose.
Gilroy, Tres Pinos, Santa Cruz,
Salinas,Monterey ami P;icilict;rove MO: 10*
•3:»«p San Jose aud Way Stations 9:4."» a
•4:30p San Jose ami Way Stations.... •«:O-'«a
s:3Oi> San Jose and Principal Way Stations •**:4sa
6::toi> San Jose and Way Stations «::t.">.\
fll:4.>i- San Josu and Way 5tati0n5......... t7:4.tp
SAN LKANIIKO AMI HAV\VAUI>S Lu<!AL.
»»O:OOa") ( 7:13 a
8:00 fO:43A
i«". : ooa Melrose, Seminary Park, \i\\sl
"a-Sor Fitchburff, San Leandro . 'f -«p
™* , &m
■gg; H.rw.r<lv  ' *Jg
7:O0p • ! 8:4-5p
' 9:OOr * Runs through to Nile*. io*sOp
mi:ir>ej < From Niles. j. ftl2:UOp
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
I From SAN FRiKCISCO— foot of Msrket Street (Slip 8)—
*7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. tl:OQ . *2:00 J3:C3
•4:00 t5:00 *6.00r.M.
From 01KL1BD— Feat of Broadway.— *600 8:00
10:00&.M. «2:00 '1:03 t2:CO *3:00 tl:CO
*s:ooi'.M.
. o A for Momiug. P for Afternoon.
• Bunda« -xcepted. t Saturdays only.
. . „ _ t Sundays only.
.~\ * I _Tu.:-<'aa't anil Saturday niahtr onl»-
-j ■ — __
FRANCISCO & SOOT PA-
CIFIC RIILWAY CO.
Xiburon Ferry— Foot of Market
San Francisco to San Rafael.
I WEEK DAYS— 9:00,-11:00 a. *.: 13:3%
8:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. it Thursdays— Extra trla
•t 11:50 p. it. Saturday a— Extra trips as l:io
and 11:30 p. ti.
: BDNDAYS— S:00. 9:SO. 11:00 a. m.; I:3a 8:34
6:00. 6:20 p. it.
San Rafael to San Francisco. j
! WEEK DAYS— 6:I3. 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 A. «.. 1
12:45. 3:40, 6:10 p. Jt - Saturday*— Kxtr» trlp« '
at 1:65 P. m. and 6:35 P. JC . /
I SUNDAYS— H:l(/..0:4U. 11:1.0 A. M.t ,I:4a 3:4.% '
6:00, 6:25 P. K. * - •
Between San Francisco and Bchnetzen Part sam*
schedule ait above.
Ijesve T _ _»„_► Arrive
j Ban Frauclsco. oct! 14. Ban *''»acl«oot
Whk I SITS- i)«., I ,?n«rJr.n BUS- I W»w"
Days. | days. | iJestinaUon. DAYS^ I DxYai
7 :30 AM ■ 8:00 AM i Novato. 10:40 am* 8:40 aic
.8:30 PM 9:30 am 1 I'etalunia, 6:10 pm ' 10:25 Ate
6:10 eu 1 5:00 pm j Santa Rosa. 7:35 ea\ 0:32 pic
: Fulton. .
I 7:30 am ' Windsor, 110:2 fa«t a«
Healdsburg,
l.ytton.
Geyserville,
8:30 PM 8:00 am CIo venial c. 7:3» pm' 6:22 rx
5 Pleta. ■ "■
I Hopland A
j 7:30 am I 8:00 Uklah. 7:35 PM 8:2»p«
! 7 am : 10:25 AX
8:00 OuerceTlll*. 7:35 m
8:30 PM 6:22 pm
7:30 am 00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
6:10 :00 pm Glen lillen. 6:10 PM 6:22
7:30 am 00 am sebastoDoL H«:*0 am j 10:2> .\ij
8:30 5:00 pm oeolulto j 6.10 pm| 6:22
Btages connect at Santa Rosa for Mar* West
Springs; at Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs; ft*
Cloverdata for the Geysers; at Pieta for Highland
Springs, Kelseyvllle, Soda Bay and ijikeport; as
Hopland for Lakeport and Bartiett Springs; at
XJkiah for Vichy SprlngM, Saratoga Springs, Bla»
lAkes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake. Porno, Pott«#
Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's, BucK«
Bell's, Sanhedrln Heights, Hullvilie, BoonevlllSL
Greenwood, Orr's Hot Springs. Mendouluo City.
Fort Brace. Westport, V i, wii! ; s . Cahto, Co»
Telo, Layionvlile. Harris, Scotia and Kureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at red iioa*
rates.
On Sundays round-trio tickets v* all points bs>
youd ban Kafael at half r»M»
Ticket Office, 650 Market su, Chronic!* bnnmc>
A. W. FOSTER, . R. X. RYAJT.
Vres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Limited. j^^^sT
On MONDAYS and ifS?£i3T»fUaii!oV
THURSDAYS ten 11r«- S^^Zg2x£Xg£i& v
class Pullman (.!eepin«-car Im^m^^&J V.
leavine at 5 P. m. connects aM^?^l^n I
at li»titnw with th» shii!i\ MWtrvTJHEwK^
l-'e limited train c*rr-tng JwEak'StSMßjif
dlr.lnc-car, buffet gncokinK- €^55?pV^^iS^j
cur and Pullman palace isoS^2^^fiTv£i
drawiur-room sleepliic-oas I^£t^S^-QjJl— .- 1
I for both Chicago and Su " •ni | «*lll4 g «'TtFl3
\ Louis via Kansas City.
31^ Days to Chicago or Bt. Louis.
I 4% Darn to New York.
SANTA FE .EXPRESS
I j /Leaves dally at sp. m. Pullman palace drawing*
. I room, also modern upholstered tourist sleepln •-
can, tbrnuth to Chicago via Kansas City. Annex
1 can for Denver aud St. Louis.
Boston excursions via Kansas City, Chicago,
; Montreal and the White Mountains leave every*. .
; Tuesday; St. l'aul excursions every Sunday.
Ticket Office, 64-4 Market • rtron-
I lole building. . Telephone Main 1531.
SORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sansalito ferry;.
from Ban Francisco, Commencing Sept. 13. IS3&.
WEEKDAY&
Tor Mill Valley and Han Rafael— »7:2s, •9:](V
I 11:UO A. M.: »1:45, 3:45. •5:15.»3:45,6:30 p.m.
Extra trips for Ban Rafael on Mondays^ Wedn>:»
days and Saturdays at 11 :30 p. m.
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— *B :oo. •10:00
•11:30 a. m.: ntW, 3:00, *4:30. 6:16*. v.
Trains marked * run to Han Clve d tin.
i THROUGH TRAINS.
j For Point Reyes and way stations— 7:25 a. I*.
; Weekdays, 8:00 a. v. Sundays, 1:45 p. ic satur-
JK»r Casidero and way stations— 7:2s a. m. «»ek-
I tfayn; 1:45 p. m. Saturdays. • .
mm TpLPAIS.
Trains connect with Korth Pacia «
Coast Railroad. ■ »»^ii»»
WEKK I>AY«J-^av«S. F. 9:15 a. I:4* P „
Returning— A 8. K. 3:25 p it 6-20 p CT
SUNDAYS— Leave aF. Ba. M 11:307 m i-^;^
. Beturninst-Arrlve S.F.I :16 p.ic.4:20 P m' 7'Ai » 5
Tickew for sale In Mill Valley or *? *•
TIIO--. LOuK <fc ,-O.\S, 6_'l Market «r <» ■»
Mill Valley and Moujnlamalpais »cenic KaU way. i
i THE SJUFRISCISCO A5O SAX JOAQUU
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPAU
Fw{?, K ra J n A^ RY 31> 1897 W ; traJn .
*?&??. SSSSS;. «fig»»*
Xl:tO a. ic....... .•::. Fre5n0^ ""*— ?o« F
le»ve BanFtawlsco a Dd SJockton.t 6 R^iaStSALOON CLOSING IS
IN THE BALANCE
\
The New Council Indirectly
Will Decide the
Matter.
Apologetic Government Leads to
All Manner of Inconve
nience and Doubt
An Argument That Is Novel Against
the Bui ding at Present of
More C:nntv Roais.
Oakland OrricK San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, April 18. >
Ihe saloon-closing proposition which
a .itated this city to such n great degree
at the election a month ago can now be
said to repose with the new Council. This
is not to say that the. present Council will
directly take any cognizance of the mat
ter at all, nor can any direct action be ex
pected of them, as they will certainly lol
low the desire of the people as manifested
at the polls, which was not in favor of
closing at that time.
Indirectly, however, the City Council
will decide this matter during their two
years in office. Although the popular
will was not in favor of absolute closing,
a change of 500 votes would have altered
the result. More than this number, how
ever, are positively in favor of keeping
saloons out of certain resident sections of
Oakland, and it is the people who will de
cide the question the next time it is put to
the popular vote.
One of these districts is Twenty-third
avenue. For several years residents in
this section have successfully opposed all
pstitions for granting licenses. Within
the pabt week, an i almost immediately
niter the new Council took office, it is very
evident that the people who are anxious
to open saloons at Twenty-third avenue
ore determined to make another attempt.
Already half a dozsn applications lor
liquor lincenses in that district have been
rile i with the City ClerK, and as usual, an
organized effort will be mode to prevent
their issuance. Should the will of the
nipjority of residents in this district be op
posed there is no doubt that when the
question of saloon closing shall again be
voted on they will ally themselves solidly
with the temperance people and throw to
them the majority. 1; is in this manner
tiiat the present Council can be said to
have the closing proposition In their keep-
Jug.
One of tbe most conservatively pro
gressive men of Oakland takes a unique
and decidedly practical view of the new
boulevard proposition to connect two ex
istinj; roads near Ciaremont.
He says that, although no city can have
too many good roads, it is a very easy
matter for her to have too many bad ones.
At this time, instead of spending $5000 of
t tie county's money upon building a new
section oi road, for which there would be no
adequate funds to keep it in repair, it
would be far more economical to spend
that amount of money on the existing
driveway much in the time neighbor
hood, wbfch is at present absolutely im
passable for one-half of the year.
"At tbe present time," he said, "we
have more roads and streets than we can
ufford to keep in repair. While it is a
very commendable act on the part of the
Merchants' Exchange to foster any under
taking that would tend to attract people
to this city, it is also necessary to exercise
common prudence. If all the county
roads that are now open were in first-class
condition we should have all the scenic
drives that we should want. I have care
fully inspected this road, an«l, tlihough it
runs close to my property, I will state
that f 30,000 would need to be expended
before it would be a thoroughly pood
driveway for its whole distance. Five
thousand dollars would be simply thrown
away.
"I think that on a little consideration
the majority of my fellow-merchants will
take my view of the matter."
At different times during the past four
years Oakland has seen a good deal of
what may be termed apologetic govern
ment. Ordinances which have been duly
passed and which should take effect "on
and after their passage" have been per
mitted to periodically slumber and to be
enforced spasmodically instead of persist
ently. This is particularly the case with
the ordinances prohibiting Jnickle in the
slot machines; requiring the hitching of
horses on certain streets; riding bicycles
on sidewalks, and permitting grass to
crow on the sidewalks in all parts of the
city. These ordinances, presumably, are
very ri^h t and proper or they would not
have been passed, and having been passed
it is presumably the duty of the Police
Department to enforce tnem in all places
nnd at all times.
Thin, however, has not been done and
the negligence cannot be laid entirely to
The Chief of Police. It has been custom
ary fordifferent Boards of Police Onmruis
sionerk to instruct the Chief of Police at
Tarious times to enforce certain ordi
nances. Thi«, of course, would seem lo
indicate that unless special orders were
Kiyen these ordinances should be j er
mUted to remain inoperative. Conse
quently when a spasm of reform, so
cailed, seizes the Board of Work", citizens
who have long been permitted to disobey
ordinances with impunity consider them
selves aggr.ev.'d and oppressed when per
emptorily arrested lor refusing to comply
with these restrictions.
This is altogether wrong. A bicycle has
no more right to knock a passenger down
on the sikewalk at one per.ol of tbo year
than another. An unhitched horse is as
likely to run away and trample somebody
under foot in January as in June; pnc:.es
of weeds are no more attractive in iront of
residences in winter than in summer, and
a nlckel-in-t e-slot machine, if it be an
immoral agency, is no less so on Sunday
than on Saturday. During the last few
days special orders have gone forth to ar
rentall offender! agein-t the weed and
slot machine ordinances. This is all
rißht, but for aeverai months pas: school
pirls. rmong others, have ba?n arrested
by officers In privste clothes for stealing a
ride on the sidewa.k with their wheels
and have been required to put up $2 to ob
tain their release. Taking ail these things
into consideration, it is but juit ihat
eittoer all f ese ordinances 'hould be en
forced all of the time or else repealed.
There certainly is nothing sugpesiivn of
good government in passing law? and al
lowing their enforcement to be left to the
discretion of the Boanl of Works and the
police, as has been tlie practice up to tUe
present time. Stuart W. .Booth.
liaeebull at St. Mary's.
OAKLAND. Cal., April 18.— Three han
d?ed people witnessed an exciting game
of baseball which was played between the
Academics and Qu c^'step-i on t >c campus
of the St. Joseph's Academy to-day. The
ecere at the windup was 24 to 16.
Confusion of Martin*.
OAKLAND, Cal.. April IS.— Rev. Dr. 8.
M. Martin, an evangehft of the Christian
church, formerly of St. L >vis ami for the
past three years a resident of Oakland and
who it was said had abandoned a p fi -
<cate ion, h&t beea confounded with Rev,
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
Dr. Carlos Martyn of Chica :o, who visited
California some months ago. Dr. S. M.
M:ir;u: has no son, and after twenty-two
years of rubiic life feels thst he should be
set right in the eyes of the public. He
now lives at the Gimrd House and
preached in Odd Fellows' Hall this morn
ing.
il..t to Visit Onklanri.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 18.— Ralph
Hoyt oi Los Angeles wi 1 speak at tne
regular meeting of the Oakland Single
Tax Ciub at Hamilton Hull Tuesday
evening. Chief of Police Lloyd will also
give his views on the subject. It will bo
remembered that he made an interesting
address to the ministers some time ago.
Tiie audience will hsve a chance to a*k
questions, to be answered by members of
tne club.
EASTER IN BERKELEY
Special Services In All the Collet*
Town Churclioa.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 18.— Special
Easter services were held in all the Berke
ley churcheß to-day with music and ser
mons appropriate for the season.
Bishop W. F. Nichols preactied in the
morning in St. Mark's Church, taking for
his subject the two resurrections of Christ
and of Lazarus. Two tt'Xts were chosen
by the reverend speaker, one showing
Lazarus r:sing from the tomb bound hand
ami fi.ot by his burial roles and the other
telling of Christ leaving behind in the
trrave the clothes in which he was buried.
During the service the riie of confirma
tion was administered to a class of thir
teen. Tie chor rendered a beautiful pro
gramme of Easter mus c
At the First Presbv er;an Church a spe
cial choir of twenty-five voices, under the
direction of Fred H. Clark, rendered a
number of beaut;ful clas-aica! selections
ritted for the occasion. Profe«<«or C. S.
Nash of the Pacific Theological Seminary
preached the morning sermon.
The programmes of Trinity Methodist
Church, morning and evening, consisted
of a number of choruse?, solos and recita
tions. In the evening Carroll Mills gave
a recitation of '"Easter Lilies" and Miss
Florence recited "Mary at the Tomb."
The First Congregational, North Berke
ley Congregational, South Berkeley Pres
byterian and the Park Congregational
entireties also had special services in
honor of the day.
PREACHED IN FULL DRESS
The "Booth of the Pulpit" Opens
a Mission at the Cejtrai
Chris! ian Church.
His Unusual Costume Attracted Far
Less Attention Tban H.s Idas on
;he Founiatio": of Scripture
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
9uß Jiroadway, April 18. )
Rev. Thomas Lover of Chicago beean a
series of evangelistic sermons last night
in the Central Christian Church, of which
Rev. Edwards Davis is minister. The sub
ject of the ''Booth of the pulpit" was "Tho
Impregnable Rock of Scripture."
As announced, the preucher appeared
in lull evening dress, ana his manner was
such as to indicate a post-prandial speech,
with possibly a song, rat. er than a ser
mon.
Not long after he be. an to speak, how
ever, the immense audience forgot the un
usual apparel. He spoke, in part, as fol
lows:
The Bible is. It purports to be from God. It
assumes to be the truth, a redemptive bow
thai spans the universe of God and saves
everything from the disgrace of serving no
purpose. It is a microscopic, telescopic, kalei
doscopic fact, a connecting link between dust
ana Divinity. It abides and turvives and en
dures. A few papyrus root I*,1 *, the pyramids of
Egypt »ud the obelisks of the public parks of
Paris or New Yorit is all that remains <>f Cle
opatra's kingdom of the Kile. The classic
shrine* ot Greece, the r«sc3 truck* and roofless
columus of Rome have fallen to aecay. The
Bible lives. It is scientifically impregnable.
The Bible account of the creation of tne
world, the nature and position of man, are bo
scientific and so determinate as lo make Scrip
tural calms to inspiration invulnerable. The
uuity of purpote that brings the writings of so
many centuries into such harmonious relation
as the different part* of the Scriptures indi
cates the divine presence.
The facts of prophecy and history as shown
in ri-e an<t fall of nations, citk-s and individu
als is indicative.
The general acceptance of the Bible wher
ever it nas been taught Indicates the weakness
of man or the divinity of God.
CRICKET OVER THE BAY.
The First Cap Match of the Season Is
Won by Alameda.
The first cricket match of the season in
the Hunter-Harrison cup contest was play
ed at Alameda yesterday, the competing
sides being the Alameda and Pacific club
elevens. While the scoring done by both
sides was anything but remarkable, owing
to lack of practice, the came was a most
interesting one. Captain Sewell of the
Pacifies won the toss and sent his oppo
nents in. Young Ward and Hellinan
played useful innings of sixteen apitce,
but the rest of the combination were dis
missed with comparative ease, for the
side's total only reached three score and
ten. This score, however, proved ade
quate for victory, for the Pacifies failed
to reach it by eight runs, in spite of Wise
man's clean bit winnings of nineteen and
Sewelll&^score, which, by the way, was
terminated by a piece of bad • luck. The
I fielding on both sides was rather lax and
! the bowling of the defeated -team, es
pecially' pecially in the second inning, was .most
deplorable. The two Wards trundled ad
mirably for the victors. The score:
. AinAHBHA C. FIRST INNINGS.
R. B. Hoßtie. run out. .*.... 2
O. Hell man c. McOaw b. Dickinson 16
J. J. More? c. Harbjur b. Dickinson 6
,X S. Price c Sewe 1 b Castdy . a
G. J. BaughC. M< ti w b Casldy.. 6
i H. Ward Jr. b Dickinson 16
j J. J. H. Peel b. Casldy 7
11. Ward >r b. las Ay 6
V. Heetwcic c. «nd b. Dickinson 0
A. F. Cbamters b.<.asidy 2
B. Bird, notoui 3
Extras ft
Total 70
BOWLING ANALYSIS.
Balls. Huns. Maiden*. Wickets.
Dickinson. 108 *7 3 a
Casldy lU9 33 4 6
pacific C. C
J. Myen b. Ward Jr 0
K. J-. Mussoa b Pe-1 a
J. H Harbour b. War.! Jr o
A. li.i-, i:iM> ■b. Ward Jr . '(j
V. Sewell b. Ward Jr .'.'.".'.".".".'.'.'.'.'.".'.".".' 11
O. Wiseman b. Ward Hr . 19
H. C Casldv i). Ward Hr '.'..'.".'.'.".'.'.'.'.'. 6
K. Carr Hilton b. Ward Sr ... . O
i- McO»w I. b. w. > Ward Sr " .-."-. 10
J. C. Johnston, no out, ... --■..-.-. 4
U. TheobolU b. Peel '.....*.*.""..' 8
i'.xiras .'.'.'.'!'.!!'.'. 8
T0ta1.... &
BOWLING ANALYSIS.
Ward J r. B^l* ituni, MaiJeni. Wlcicet*.
Ward Jr. b6 2i 3 4
Fe«! 44 -20 2 a
Ward ti1...... 2* . 1j 0 4
ALAMEDA C C— SECOND INNINGS.
Morey 1. b. m. b. Casi<iy g 0
Bauchc Hilton b. JJlcklnsoa ••••.... v
Price c. Dlcltiu.on b. Casldv ; '* 36
Ward Jr. c. hewell U Dickinson .."** 27
1 eilman, no. out ".'* 10
Peel, not out '." ••••»••
hurai !.!!..':::::: 1
T0ta1..... ......147
Owing to the non-appearance of all the
Californian team their match with the
Bohemians at Golden Gate had to be
abandoned. .
■ — ♦ »
TO CUI.Ji A COLD IN ONE DAT.
Take lajativeßromotiuinine Tablets. Alldrug
tista itiunU the moaey il ii x*ils vt «ur«, 2uo
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 19, 1897.
AN EASTER DAY
OF UNCERTAINTY
Cloudy Skies, but Joyous
ness and Life on
Earth.
Beautilui Decorations and Music
in Churches of Many
Creeds.
Cartloads of Flowers Were Used in
CoTim moratin? the Doctrine
ol the Resurrection.
Oakland Office Ban Francisco Call {
90S Broadway, April 18. I
The threatening clouds hail tiieir effect
upon Easter apparel to-day and ihe streets
end churches did not present that evi
dence that winter is past and summer is
at hand which is usually noticeable on
Easter Sunday.
At all of the churches there was a
wealth of flowers and good music. Easter
lilifs and California roppies banked by
dense foliage and relieved with delicate
wisteria were the materials almost ex
clusively used for decorative purposes.
As the past week has been a particularly
pood one for flowers thay were delivered
at the various places of worship by cart
loads and many busy hands placed them
with artistic effect
Dr. Wendte spoke on "Material and
Spiritual Conceptions of the Resurrec
tion."
Rev. S. S. Palmer took for his text "If
Christ Be Not Risen." Rev. Frank Kobin
son of Centerville presided at the Cen
tennial Church and there w*s also an
ordination and installation of elders and
deacons.
Dr. B. F. Coyle nreacbed at the First
Presbyierian Church on "The Significance
of tne Resurrection." Rev. Robert Whit
aker at the Twenty-thint Avenue Church
spoke on "The Resurrection Fact," and in
the evening there was afree-wi.l offering to
the poor. Everybody who attended took
a pactage of provisions for distribution
among the needy.
At the First Free Baptist Church Rev.
Philip Graif preached on "The Risen
Cnrist." There was an Eastern Sunday
school concert to-night. Easter carols
fi rured in the sppcial music at the Episco
pal churchfs of St. Paul's and St. John's.
Uev. Ui-orge G.uaz conducted the after
noon meeting of the Y. M. C. A. and
spoke on "The Glory of tbe Cross."
Rev. J. K. McLean, D. D., preached at
the Firxt Couprecaiional Cnurch on "Res
urrection Gliuness" at the special Easter
praise service this evening. At the First
Baptist Church Rev. C. H. Hobart
preached on "Tne Empty Tomb," and to
night at the Fir-t M. E Church Dr.
Knrumer spoke on "Easter Thoughts."
The choir at this church numbered 100
voices.
Rey. C. M. Hill, at the Tenth-avenue
Church, chose for his topic "The Resur
rection Easter and Its Events."
The Easter Services at the lint Chris
tian Church were conducted by Evangelist
Rev. S. M. Martin.
ENOINAL GUN CLUB.
Itn Sacond Itluerock Tournament »t
Blrd'« Point.
ALAMEDA, Cal,, April 18.— The shot
guns popped merrily at Bird's Point to
day, where the Encinal Gun Club held its
second bluerock tournament, with a com
plete set of new traps:
First event, ten birds— H. A. Hoyt 3, Mule 8,
Dunshee 9, Fisher 7, Kerrisou 6, F. Feudner 5,
Vernon 6, 11. C. Uolcher 9, Neustadter 8, Du
pont 7, Betten 9. Ouch 5, Crawford 6, Thic
bault 4, Wu zen 8, I'uul 9, Flugler 1, King 7,
Aiiilrus 8, lloylb, Walker 6.
Secona event, fifteen bins— Fisher 8, Kt-rrl
spn 11, E. L. iJun-hee «i, X ng 13, Audrus 112,
Neastadier 9, Golcbe/ 11, Wrnou 8, Little B,
Crawford 8, 8.-tten 9, Walker ti, Duponl 8
Feuducr l-\ Wuizcti 13, Ough 11. f'aul 4,
Cumm;ngg 9.
Third event. 10 birds— Little 6, Neustadier
7, King 6, Dunshee 3, Andrus9, Fisher 8, Ker
r!«on (j, DupontlO, bo.cher 7, Vernon 8. Craw
ford 4, Wulzen7, Betten 6, Feudner 9, Ouga
4, Sears 6, Mitchell 3, Tellrrson 6.
Fourth cv nt, 15 birds— King 11, Neustadter
8, Mitcnell 7, Crawford 4. Feudner 7, Fis-her 9
Vernon 8. Uolcherß, Sears 11, AaUrus. 11, Dun
shee 17, Betten 11.
Fifth event, 15 birds— Crawford 9, Vernon
10, Goicher 12, Mitcheli 9, Usher 8, Dupont
12, Ncu startler 7, Amlruill, Kerrisou !), Wul
z.m 7, Feudner 12, Betten 11, Hoyi 7, Hears
12, Teilerson 12, Tnom 9, Fingler4, Kin» 8.
Sixth event, 20 birds— Batten 16, NViisialter
13. King 10. i raw-ford 10, Fish -r 13. Coite S,
Watseo 11, Mitcnell 11, Ough 13, Audrus 17.
Thorn 12, Dupont 16, Vernon 13, Go.cher 12,
Sears 15, Walker 11, Feuduer 12, Smith 8. Tel
lerison 7.
Lincoln Gun Clnb.
ALAMEDA, Cal., April 18.— The mem
bers of the Lincoln Gun Club spent the
forenoon and the afternoon breaking blue
rocks at their shooting rang* at Alameda
Point. There were three principal events
and a good attendance.
First event — shoot at 25 ''birds" for
prizes aggregating $150, in five classes
Score*: Cmbrouijh IS, Clark 12, Rose 10
Onto 14. Unfred 3. Haight 19. Hruus 20 Ka
ney 23, Eugene Fonder 10, Edward Fomer 21
hotter 18, Wenzell 22, Clabroueh 12 Claris
17, Rose 14, Cate 19. linked 10, Nuuman 22
Franz-n 19, Shaw 18. Price 14, "Shrimp" 10
E. Klevesahl 12, Ostraader 12, Schendel 11*
Lewis 9, Alderton 20. >iereuire 12.
Second event, shoot lor $100 cash, open to
all, 25 birds, $25 in percentages in each of
five classes— Score*: Alderton 10, Brnns 19
H*ight 14, Edward Foster 18, Potter 17, Shaw
19, Nauman 18, K. Kleversohl 15, Jlainn 19
UnfrealO, Cate 14, Swift 10, "Chestnut" 19
Clabrouuh 11, Price 14, Sharp 18. Franzen 18'
AlcKae 18, Untred 12, Wenzell 18, Karney 16*
Thirl event, match shoot between teams at
25 birds— This maicu created the greatest fun
It might have been called "an obstacle
match," for the shooting squad at the sore
was bothered la every conceivable manner by
the squad opposing it In in team. The effort
of the non-shooters was to rattle and discon
cert the shooters by every trick and device
and vice versa. Scores: '
Edward Former's Edward Forster 17
Baum 16. Wenzell 16, Klevesahl 18, Alderton
12, Hai«h! 20, Brnns 18, Sharp 17. Unfred 7,
; Merguire 12, Eugene Forster 18, Potter 16:
total 187.
Karney's team— Karney IS, Nauman 18
Franzen 14 Mcßae 17, "Cnestnut" 11, Shaw
17, Cite 10. Swift 12, Battemby 11, Clabrou* n
7, Lake 15, Allen 14; total 107.
Ketnalna Identified.
ALAMEDA, Cal,, April 18.— The badly
decomposed remains which were found at
Bay F rtn Island on Thursday have been
identified from a description of the cloth*
ing us those of Micbaeli Scaffani. The
body was disinterred this afternoon from
the potter's field and reconsigned to the
grave in San Francisco, beside his father.
Son and fattier of San Leandro went out
hunting in a skiff twenty-one days ago,
and not returning a search was made two
days after and the body of the father was
recovered near San Leandro. How they
met their death is unknown, of course,
but the natural assumption is that the
boat capsized with them. The son was
•iced 21 years and the identification was
by his sister-in-law. -
AMONG TH£ WHEELMEN,
Club Runs of th« ISny Cltya and Road
Club Yesterday.
Captain Day took forty-five members of
the Bay City Wheelmen on a picnic run
to San Anaelmo yesterday, taking the 10
o'clock bttusaUto boat. It was the open
ing run of the season, was well attended
and all thoroughly enjoyed it.
The San Francisco Road Club had a
run to the park yesterday afternoon
under Captain Lewis.
Percy Deacon of the Reliance Club
Wheelmen did not go against tbe ten
niiie record yesterday as be intended, the
Hay wards ron.d bring in too poor shape to
warrant the speed trial.
The annual election of ' fficers of the
Imperial Cycling Ciub win be held this
evp'iing.
Wiil Kuippenberg. the well-known Los
Angeles wlieelmnn, is in the City.
Thoma< H. B. Varney has left on a busi
ness trip to Ci icago. f-
There is ta.k of a match rac« between
Allan Jones ol the Olympic Wheelmen
and C. R. Coulter, the unpaced champion,
at the Velodrome meet on May L Otto
Zienler Jr. wili ulso appear in competition
at this meet, both he an>i Coulter having
decide i to remain on the coast and not go
on the national circuit this year.
SLAVONIAN PICNIC.
The N. 8. Club Celebrates Ita Fourth
Anniversary at Oermanin Gardens.
The members of the Slavonian N. 8.
Club, with a large nutnbjr of their friends,
celebrated their fourth anniversary by a
picnic at Ciermania Gardens yesterday.
In the forenoon the members participated
in a parade, at the head of which were
borne the stars and stripes and the pan-
Slavic flags. Dancing was the principal
amu-emenl at ihe park.
-Tnecub, which was organized in 1893,
has a larire membership ol young men.
Its oflitera are: President, Spito Rucich;
vice-president, V. Fanris; treasurer, S.
C'ertiovich; recordiuj; secretary, George
Leav; financial secretary. S. Cerhooich
trustees—V. Karuza, W. Zan, C. Toniich.
FIGHT IN A DANCEHALL
W. M. Sears, the Proprietor,
and John Mclatosh Badly
Wounded.
The Trouble Arose Ovar a Do'lar
That Hclntosh's Friend Took From
on± of the Gir.s
John Mclntosh, a horse-trainer living
on O'Farr*ll street, near Leavenworth,
and a friend were in the saloon and dance
hall, 105 Grant avenue, early yesterday
morning, when a tight took place, during
which blood flowed freely.
The combatants were Mclntosh and his
friend and William M. Sears, the proprie
tor of tbe saloon. Mclntosh is in the Re
ceiving Hospital and says he has no recol
lection of the affray, and Sears is detained
in the Ciiy Prison.
Sears says that when he was closing up
the place between 6 and 6 o'clock Mcln
tosh and his friend were there, one of
them being asleep. They had both been
drinking hard.
"I paid one of tbe girl waiters, the last
to leare," said Sears, "|2 25, and the
young man picked a dollar up and put it
in hi* pocket. The girl tried to get him
to return it, but he put her off, and she
complained to me. 1 went up to him and
asKed him for the doilar, bat he was in
suiting, and made a pass at me with his
closed list. I struck him, dislocating my
little tin er.
"He awoke his friend and both of them
came at me. I was struck in tbe eye and
noie, which bled freely, and as I backed
behind the bar, I was struck on the fore
head with a heavy match-holder, which
knocked me down. As things were getting
uncomfortable, I seized a club and made
good nse of it upon the one nearest me.
l!ie oilier grappled with me and we :ell
to the floor. I grasped him by tbe throat
an i yelled 'police.'"
Policeman Gillen heard Sears' cries and
stopped further hostilities. Mclntoshand
Sears were taken to the Receiving Hoi
pital ana Dr. Hartley attended to their
wounds. Wclnto^h was in an unconscious
condition and remained so for several
hours. He had rive laceraied wounds on
his scalp, wlrrh was covered with lumps,
und he was suffering from concussion of
the brain.
Fears had a Ircerated wonnd on hi* sca!p
and forehead, the little finger of his rieht
hand was dislocated and his left eye was
di-eoiorcd and swollen and the size of his
nose was considerably increased. After
his wounds were dressed he was taken to
the prison.
Mclntosh's friend, who was apparently
the cause of all the trouble, made his es
cape.
Sears was last ni<jht booked by Police
men Gil'en and J. B. Baldwin on a charge
of assault with a deadly weapon.'
A SUCCESSFUL FAILURE.
Professor Karl Barnes of Stanford Unl-
verslty Addressed the Socialist*
l.imt Evening
Washington Hall on Eddy street was
filled last evening as the American Branch
of the Socialist Labor party had adver
tised a lecture by Professor Earl Barnes
who is at the head of the department for
the education of teacher* at the Leland
Stanford Jr. University. Professor Barnes
took for his discourse the paradoxical sub
ject, "A Successful Failure." In a clear,
unbiased manner he to;d the jstory of the
life of Robert Owen who lived, in theearly
part of his century, in England and wno
established a sort of co-ODerative colony at
New Harmony on the Wabash River, In
diana, 'lhe story briefly to.d was this:
Owen, while a very wealthy man, was a
great lover of tbe human race, and reco.
nizins the very slow progrsss of tbe work
ing cias-es in the line of mental, moral
and physical ndvancemont, spoke what he
believed to be the truth, and in so doing
laid lhe blame for that condition of eff.iirs
wiiere he believed it belonged — at tljedoor
of the Chrisiijn Church, ttien one of the
most powerful and influential institutions
of Enirland. As expected, he was frowned
upon by the English people, and he came
to the United States to work out his
Utopian ideas. Owen purchased the
property of a defunct German colony on
the Wabasn and established a new co
operative institution.
He labored in the cause of free speech,
the mental cultivation of ail — particularly
the laboring classes — the more intelligent
rearing of children and, above all, the
brotherhood of man. While his great
wealth lasted the colony prospered, bat it
was not self-sustaining, and when the
founder departed, broken-down and poor,
it failed. The people would not hold to
gether.
Such was the failure, but the speaker
pointed out the lines on which tbe banner
of success was planted. Out of the ruins
of Ntf* Harmony sprung another small
settlement, whose inhabitants are pros
perous, although their system of govern
ment waa drawn from the old-many of
the principles that Robert Owen estab
lished.
Many of the brightest teachers and
scholars of the Eastern and Middle States
have for their ancestors the original fol
lowers of Owen and they are enlightening
the world with their wisdom and thought.
Thus out of a failure success has resulted.
Preparations are still going on for the
celebration of International Labor day on
May 1 and a "piendid entertainment at
Metropolitan Temple is promised.
The socialists nave resumed their street
meetings and at every gathering able
speakers address the crowds. This even
ing an open-air meeting will be held on
P.uc and Kearny streets.
SECRECY BROKEN
BY STERN LAW
Filing a Marriage License
Reveals a Recent
Elopement.
Two Young People and a Friend
Go to a Pastor at
Martinez
Pledged to Secivcv, but Bound to
Record the Certific te Within
the L gal Period.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, April 18. j
News of an elopement that took placa
on the 14th of last month has just been
receiyed in mis city from Martinez, which
is now becoming the fashionable place for
young Oaklanders who desire to assume
niaritai responsibilities without publicity.
Harry C. Ellis, a clerk oi this city, and
Miss Susie Downer, who resides on San
P*i<lo avenue, have been engaged for
some time, and last month they made up
their minds that they would get married.
They did not care to have the young lady's
parents know of the matter until it be
came necessary, and so they went to Mar
tinez, where the ceremony was performed.
Key. E. W. Stoddard was found at his
study, after tbe young couple bad pro*
cured the license, and as everything was
straightforward the pastor married the
young elopers. They were accompanied
by Harry Gritting, who is an acquaintance
of both the young people, and he acted
the part of a witness. The trio im
pressed upon the minister the necessity of
absolute secrecy, and asked him how long
a time could elapse before it would be
necessary to make ttie affair known.
Rev. £. W. Stoddard looked at the cer
tificate and saw that it was dated March
14. He told the young folKs that the law
only permitted him to retain a certificate
thirty days after performing the marriage
ceremony before h« was required to tile it
with the County Recorder.
Last Wedne.-day the thirty days ex
pired, and Mr. Stoddard, being unable to
keep the young folks' adventure a secret
any longer under penalty of going to jail
himself, filed the marriage certificate.
To-day knowledge that it had been tiled
reached Oakland and the relatives and
iriends of Mr. nnd Mrs. Ellis wore greatly
surprised to learn of the wedding. Tha
reason for secrecy given to the paslor wa->
rather practical. Tuey confided to him
that it would be necessary for the young
lady to remain with her parent- at lea^t a
month, at the end of which time they
would have completed their arrangements
for housekeeping. Now the secret is out
Mr. and Mrs. Ellis are receiving the con
gratulations of their friends.
SIR KNIGHTS WORSHIP.
Two Commanderies of Templars
Attend tbe Easter
Services.
Appropriate Exercise* at the First
Congregational and at Trinity
Episcopal Churche .
In pursuance of the custom of the order,
California Commandery and Golden Gate
Commandery each attended Easter serv
ices last evening. The former body was
the guest of the Trinity Episcopal Church,
where a special children's service was the
order of the evening. This service was
deemed by the rector, Rev. George Ed
ward Walk, peculiarly appropriate for, as
be pointed out in his address, the boasted
chivalry of the order could find no better
exercise than in tbe protection of the
weak and the innocent. And what more
innocent, he asked, than the little chil
dren who had gathered together to wor
ship in the house of God?
Altnoug'i no peculiar ritualistic services
had been arranged for, the Knights par
ticipated in the regular exercises, and tbe
scene was particularly impressive as the
Knights, with drawn swords, the hilts ex
tended toward the altar, repeated with the
children the Apostles' creed. No formal
address wes delivered by the rector, he
slating that the children whom he bad
brought together was the only sermon he
had to offer the commandery. He dwelt
upon the sacred character of their vows of
pioty and cnivalry, and spoke touchingly
of their duty toward the little ones. A
song service wus rendered by the chil
dren.
Tbe decorations of Trinity were elabor
ate and magnificent. The most striking
pieco was a great cross and crown of white
camellias and roses contributed by Mrs.
William Aivord in memory of departed
friends. A rustic cross was outlined with
incandescent lights. Palms wore effectively
distributed about the >anctuary.
Golden Qate Gommandery worshiped at
the First Congregational Church, where
Sir Robert Ash, prelate of the coruman
dery, and Rev. George C. Adamx, pastor,
officiated. The services at this place were
ritualistic, being composed largely of re
sponsive reading by the Sir Knights. The
cnoir rendered exquisite and appropriate
s lections.
Dr. Adams, in his address, recounted
the history of the temple at Palestine.
He explained the saying of Christ that be
could rebuild the temple in three days.
"The temple of the human heart It
Christ's natural abiding p. ace," he said.
"And when the disciples saw Christ arise
from the grave they ramembered what he
had said. For three days, according to
the Jewish reckoning, he had lain in the
grave. 'He spoke of tbe temple of his
body,' said John. He spake of that tem
ple which honors God most."
The speaker referred to tne resurrection
as G ni's interpreter, and showed bow
little by little events thus disclose the
truth to us which is bidden as is the
minerals in the mountains.
The Knights, who were under the com
mand of Sir Charles Murphy, made a
most impressive appearance.
TWO BOY BURGLARS.
Robert McKay and John Murphy
Caught Looting; a Till in a
JPruit Store.
Two mischievous school boys, Robert
McKay and John Murphy, tbe former 11
years of age, the latter two years his
senior, were arrested last evening by
Officer H. H. Murphy and Special Mor
gan on a charge of burglary. The young
sters were in the act of robbing a till in
Robert Burn's fruit store.Seventn and Mis
sion streets, when they were detected by
the officers and placed under arrest.
Found Dead in Bed.
Mrs. Sopn(e Miller, who told fortunes as a
means of obtaining a livelihood, was found
dead in bed in her room at 17 Sixth sti cot last
evening. It is presumed that death resulted
lrom haartdiaeas*. The boay wti removed to
the Morgue,
Auction Baiee
TWE\TY-TWi) ROOMS.
GRAND AUCTION SALE
...0F....
I esirable Furniture, Bedding' Car-
pets, Lnce » utta.ns, Ktc , ».»o
THIS D^Y. MONDAY, APRIL 19.
At 10 r'c oc.i A. M.. on premises,
206 KK.ICNY Sl' , t OKN'EK SI'TTKR,
(Over the Hub Clothin,; store.)
On account of reraodtf.in^ th • oulldlng I am In-
structed to sell without limit or reserve the entire
weil-kept furnlt re of above.
JO>-Kl'U T. TEKRY, Auctioneer.
Office bE. ccr. California and S&niome sta.
IIIUII ACCTIOS COMPANY.
Bemored to 1 l 7 1 Mission st.
THtS DAY.
MONDAY, APKIL 19, 1897. ni 11 A. M, at 1171
Ml-SION >T., near Kightti, we will, by order of
the a."-slg; ec, sell a stocic of Clean, Fresh grocer-
ies: a:so one Computing t-cale, one National Cash
Kegister, stvernl .--ho a cnse.i, (.'offee Mil nn.l Cad-
dies, together with two Pailor Seis, Be Jroorn Fur-
niture, i-00-case, i.s-d Lounge, Kxtension lable,
Chairs, Bange, Carpets and Linoleum.
H J. LtUTHOLTZ, Auctioneer.
J. f. HITHER, AUCTIONEER.
«'III sell TT7HSDAY April 20, cor. Hownrl nnd
'1 hlrd sts., at 11a. m., th>- contents of a very fl.ie
saloon, Including 15 Fine Mi tors, I'ine I'aintiiigs,
Handsome X xtnr ■. an 1 a Full btock of Wines,
Liquors a.d Cigars.
GROCERY STORE.
THIS DAY (MO.M)AV)AI' 11 A. M.
1037 Folnom St., ». Seventh.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD, Auctioneer.
602 Market street.
ITEMS FROM THE ARMY.
Ceremonies That Are to Be Ob
served at the Posts on
M morial Day.
Lieutenant-Colonel Cook Will Not
Ccmmand the Presidio Post — A
Number of Transfers.
Orders will be issued from the War Depart
ment for the observance ot Memorial day.
The National flag will be displayed at each
post, at half-mast, from sunrise to midday.
Just before noon the bands will play a dirge,
and after noon, when the colors are raised,
they are to be saluted by the band playing a
National air.
The army retiring board at San Francisco
having been disaolved, the following new
board has been appointed to meet at the call
of the pre«ident: Detail, Brigadier-General
James W. Forsyth, Colonel Charles R. Green
leaf, A. S. G.; Lieutenant-Colonel Evans Miles,
First Infantry; Lieutenant- Colonel, Third
Artillery, Captain Guy L. Edie, A. S., and First
Lieutenant Richard C. Croxton. First Infan
try, recoraer.
First Lieutenant Joseph H. Oyster, First Ar
f.ilery, has been ordered to report in person to
the president of the army retiring board at
San Francisco for examination by tue board.
First Lieutenant Edwin S. Babbitt of the
Orduauce Duper pent h*s been ordered to
iort and Lime Points on business p -naming
to the replacing of translating studs in the
breech blocks oi the twelve-inch rifles at those
points.
The following transfers in the First Infantry
have be-.'ii announced: First Lieutenant Rich
ard r. Croxtou lrom A to G, First Lieutenant
Francis E. Lacey Jr. from G to B, and First
Lieutenant il.ram MoL. Powell from B to A.
Lieutenant Powell was recently promoted
from second lieutenant in the Second Infantry
to first lieutenant of the First. He was de
tailed from Fort Keogh, Mont., to Company is
at Benicia Barracks anl transferred to Com
pany B at the Presidio reservation. Lieutenant
Lacey had been on temporary duty at Benicia
Barracks and he Is detailed there until further
orders, Lieutenant Croxton talcing his position
in Company G and assuming command In the
absence of Captain N. P. Phister, absent on
duly at the infantry and cavalry school at
Fort Leaven worth.
There Is considerable anxiety In artfiv cir
cles on this coast in regard to the delay in the
confirmation of Colonei William R. Shatter as
brigadier-general. When he is confirmed Lieu
tenant-Colonel Jacob Kline, who is now the
senior lieutenant-coionel, will be promoted
colonel, and luke charze of the Presidio post.
The position, had Colonel Snafter's confirma
tion occurred a week ago, would have fallen to
Lieuteuant-Colonei Henry C. Cook, but the
death o Colonel Kellogg of the Fifth Infantry,
which occurred on last Saturday, has created a
vacancy which must be filled by Lieuteuam-
Coionei Cook, who at that time was the teuior
lieutenant-uoiouel. The law is that the senior
lieutenant-colonel fills the first vacancy of v
colonelcy.
The death of Colonel Keltogg will cause a
number of promotions, in addition to that of
Lieutenant-Colonel Cook, namely: Major A.
H. Baiubridge ol the Tenth to be lieutenant
colonel of the Fourth; Captain R. 1. Eskridge
of the Twenty-third to be major of the Tcntfl ;
Captain James N. Morgan of the Twenty
fourth to be retired wah tho rank of major;
First Lieutenant L. C. Ducat of the Twenty
fourth to be captain of the Twenty-iounn,
vice Captain Morgan; Lieutenant Stephen
O'Connor of the Twenty-third to bo captain
of the Twenty-third, vice Eskridge; Second
Lieutenant H. G. Lyon oi the Seventeenth to
be first lieutenant of the Twenty-fourth; Sec
ond Lieutenant G. D. Moore of the Eighteenth
to be first lieutenant of the Twenty-third ; Ser
geant Ira L. Reeves of Company F, Seven
teenth Infantry, to be second lieu tens ut of
the Seventeenth Infantry, Corporal Edward S.
Walton of Company F, Fifteenth Infantry, to
be lieutenant of the Eighteenth Infantry.
The big 12-inch gun, which is to be
mounted at the Fort Point battery, has ar
rived, and will be transported to destination
this week. It is a breech-loader, weighs fifty
two tons and carries a one thousand pound
projectile.
At the Presidio and the other points thefe
has b.'en but little to occupy the attention or
the officers and men ouuide of the military
tournament that will commence to-day and
continue for several days. Admission to the
grounds will be free, but a small charge win
be made for seats on the grand stand and ou
the siae stands.
The programme for the great military tour
nament between men of t!ie Fourth Cavalry,
Third Artilierv and First Infantry, which is to
commence this afternoon at the Presidio, is h
book of fifty-four pages and is one of the neat
est of the kind ever gotten out. It Is embel
lished with a number of hait-tone pictures.
One of these shows a brigade review at the
post. Another shows the skirmish line in the
act of filing. There are portraits of Brigadier-
General James W. Forsyth, Department Com
mander Colonel W. R. Shatter, Commander of
the First Infantry; Captain James S. Pettli,
First Imautry, piesident of the department
games committee; First Lieutenant Leon S.
Hundley, quartermaster First Infantry; First
Lieutenant J. F. Reynolds LandK First Cav
alry, A. D. C. ; First Lieutenant J. Franklin
Hell, Seventh Cavalry, A. I). C. ; Colonel E. C.
Bnliibridfre, commanding Third Artillery;
Lieutenant-Colonel S. B. M. Young, Fourth
Cavalry, commanding the post; Captain Alex
ander Rodgers, Fourth Cavalry.director-jjeneral
of department athletic contests; Lieutenant
T. L. Ames, Third Artillery, assistant director,
and pictures of contests.
It also contains the names of those who will
contest for medals, and a list of events to be
presented each day.
A Dog •• an An complice.
A short time back a well-dressed stran
ger called at a fashionable jeweler's shop
in Paris and selectnl a watch and
chain, value £15. Placing on the counter
his apparently well-lined purse, the cus
tomer "tried on" the watch and chain in
order to judge of the effect, when, sud
denly glancing out of the door, he shouted
"Punch! Punch! come here— come here,
you brute!" As the dog did not obey he
ran out after it. Punch was a clever ac
complice, and ran all the faster 'he louder
his mabter called. When tie jeweler at
last awoke to the faci that he had been
victimized, both dog and master had dis
appeared. — Til- Bits.
The A?bantees hold that drunkenness
forms no excuse for crime; but, by way
of preventing as far as possible any un
toward results happening through intox
ication, any one who feels that way dis
posed is under an obligation to streak his
forehead with dashes of red paint. This
danger signal warns quiet-goins people to
keep clear of the d^conte'! one.
/ The Rosy Freshness
/ And a velrety softness of the skin is inva-
Iriably obtained by those who use Pozzoni's
lComplexion Powder.
PALO ALTO^TOCK FARM.'
THE ANNUAL SALE
Standard-Bred Trotting and Roadster
Geldings, Blares, Stallions
and Road Teams.
By such stallions' as the following: Adver-
tiser (2:lsVi>, Alban (2:21), Amiso (2:16%),
Azmoor (2:^oVii, Hermvl CJ:I7), Boxwood, i't-.x-
i>r l'rince, V.i.d Boy, I'aoia (2:18), Piedmont
('-':! i i 4). Sport C 2:> 1 2S/.), Electioneer, Kiectricltv
(2U754), oood Gift, i'alo Alto (2:083.i). Hugo
(2:24). Langt-m (2:213,.), Morris (^:'iiVi) *"i
nutwood (2:1 8S4). /4/ l
WILL TAKE PLACE ON
TO-MORROW.
TUESDAY - - - APRIL 20, 1897,
, A.T
PALO ALTO STOCK FARM,
KEAR PALO ALTO, CAL.
Take 9a. if. train at Tnirl and Town tend sts.,
Fan Fran-isco. for Palo Alto s ailon. where vehi-
cles will be in readiness to convey visitors to the
larm. Snle will mice pace tmru-dlately upon ar-
rival Of pa. sender* from train. Luu.li WUI Ln-
served upon the ground
KH.T.IP « CO.,
Livestock Auctinneflrs,
11 Mon:gomer/Streoi, Han Francl<co, cai.
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE OF HORSES
AT TATTERSALL'S.'V •> ■
7il HOWAUI) STKKKi,
TO-MORROW.
Tuesday April 20, 1897 f
At 11 o'clock a. m.. will be sod
Fifty head of well-broki-n horses; 10 unbroken
horse* weighing from 1000 to 1800 pounds; also
some well-broken saddle- horst-s and poults; at the
same line several good wagons, ljii»gte», cart,
phaetons, new and 8 cond-haud' buggy an 1 wagon
harness. Sale positive. No limit or reserve.
A. L. CRESS WKi.U Livestoclc Auctioneer.
Salesyards— 72l and 723 Howard m. ... '
INGLESIDE'3 CLOSING MEETING.
The Corrigan -tuko 1) >-.vn for Decision,
Tu-Dtty.
Ing!e9ide track reopens to-day for the
final meeting of the racing season. The
Corrigan stake for two-year-olds | lends
additional luster to an especially good
programme of running events.
The entries are as follows:
First r»c\ seven fu'ionjs.
TA'i Pelxotto 10* 788 Yankee Doodle.loß
865 Manchester 116 718 B.ue Bell 105
867 Jerome S 1091 H 4 Lady Diamond. 101
869 >antt!zn 101 87S Enema 106
859 Logan lit 879 Brady 106
873 Karl Cochian ..103j 724 Jack -M»rt1n....10.«
f32 Trappeat 106 805 Joe Terry 11. (
750 Dennis. lOd 104 Imp. Trance ...104
861 Sea spray 106 837 Kftl Mot lOii
Second race, three-fourths of a mile, selling.
825 Perhaps 106 .... Myrtle H. 104
825 Nic-Xac iO4j 875 O'Fleeta 109
884 Kiuma D 107 559 Detective. 10i»
Btil Kicur.io 109 807 Riot 10(5
85H 1/zzieH 1"4 1:82 J>ucness 107
848 Schniiz 112 *03 Camoila 104
bib .-uuwdowii llg Mil < oJa 14
875 Tim Murphir...lO>, 820 Kavorjv U'2
»M Kaael 104 875 Mottle it 107
Third race, five furlongs, the Corrigaa stake,
rains f 1300.
800 Louise Hooker. 98! 882 Front de Boeuf 107
849 Michael 116 882 La M aroma.... lOti
(BH2)Ko3oroionde....lO . 88a The Cheat 115
783 Morpilito li 9 80J Salmera 119
772 Aluminum 104 805 s-abaoth 90
8 8 imperious 100
Fourth race, one and a sixteenth miles, selling.
871 San Marco .....105 (Bb9)C'ha leroa^ne .. 87
(859) Key del Tierra. «.' (774)G<-orgePaimer.. 97
RSH The Bachelor. .lo2 868 Don Ciarenclo.. 90
(Ss4)Cnbrillo Hit) 877 Adieliaruanau.l s
871 Babe Murphy.. 104 1
l'iltli race, tbree-quartergof a mile, selling.
(872) Major Cook lt'9 872 Refugee 109
MiO Mainstay lla 852 Montallade 109
82.H Mldlo 106 873 Murphy. 109
873 Ame:iaFonsO..lo4 848 La Mascoia....lo4
873 K0ua1»1£y......109 B •'* Calient* 1/9
873 Potentate. 119 789 Marjorla 107
(825) Dr. McAllister. lo9
' .-l.xtli race, one m:le, purse.
878 Pereonne. ...... 107 879 Bernardino 108
809 (;oou 'Hints.... ill LodeJtar 103
868 JamesPoneoas.lo3 81,9 Vlncitor 107
♦ —
SELECTIONS *OK TO-DAY.
Flnt race — Lady Diamond, Oraily -
Peixotto.
Second race— T.lzzle H, Emma I',
Schnitz.
Third race— Michael, Morelllto, The
Cheat.
Fourth race — Cabrillo, Rey del Tlerm,
Addle Buchanan.
Mfth race— lCefugee, Major Cook,
Caliente.
Sixth race— Good Times, Bernardillo,
Vincitor.
KEW TO-DAT.
Mr Ghirardelli's
B Ground Chocolate \
M is a food drink for all who ra
P want strength and sup- >
M pleness of body and a . «
II clear head. L
If The best chocolate ' g
Ivl^M. must be fresh — the 4,
&§%?£s> freshest is Ghirar- '£
m&* jva \ cause it is - ;
ra^^T'^^ v,\ made here. |j
STRONG AGAIN -3%
THE ANAPHRODISIC,
From PROF. DR. RICORD of Paris is the
only remedy for restoring strength under
guarantee, and will bring back your lost
lowers and stop forever the dangerous
drains on your system. They act quickly,
create a healthy digestion, pure, rich
blood, firm muscles, rueged strength,
steady ne»ves ana clear brain. Imported
direct from Paris. Price per box, direc-
tions inclosed, $2.50. For sale by all re-
spectable druggists. Mail orders from any
person shall receive prompt attention.
For sale by Dr. V. Condory, 460 Quincy
Building, Chicago. ■■ - : ■ • >
,> ~ . ■
/^^^ Or. GiWbon's Dispensary,
fifei&Sm*}-'* KEABSY .ST. Established
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
(iiiii HK.4K.W %T. Established
m is.V» for the treatment of Private
E I Hsetigea, Lost Manhood. Debility or
*S 3H^^a?! s asewearln o " DO <lyandmlndand
X «6£O^ .Skin Diseases. 'I'bedoctorcureswhen
O^SS^^ ottaeisfail. Try him. Charges low.
("•wihMK^arMcnaraiileed. Oillorwrlte.
Or. J. v. ulßßQ9i.lSoxl937.SanFraaclao»
78
THEY ARE NEARLY
READY TO BUILD
Generous Easter Offerings
at St. Luke's Episco
pal Church.
Ready Responses to the Pastor's
Call lor Financial As
sistance.
Easter Sunday had a special significance
at St. Luke's Episcopal Church, though
the sacred services of the day of course
occupied the major portion of the congre
gation's attention. One year ago yester
day at the Easter services it was an
nounced that the offerings would be de-
TOted to the building fund. The flourish
ing congregation at St. Luke's had out
grown the old edifice, and the need of
more extensive accommodations was felt
to be imperative. The response to the in
vitation for offerings was encouraging,
and a substantial nucleus for a building
fund wa* secured.
Dunn;; the last two months the rector,
]Vv. William Hall Moreland, and the
officers of 'lie cburcli, have been making
an energetic canvass for funds, and up to
yesterday but $10,000 of the $40,00J desired
remained to be raise !. Again, it was an
nounced that the Easter offerings would
po to the building fund, and again the re
sults were most satisfactory. Over $400
was secured in loose offerings at the morn
ing collections, and much more was se
cured iv piedges. All through the day
additional pledges kept coming in, and
the deacons now feel assured that the en
tire amount desired will be raised during
the summer.
Tfa« aeryices at SL Luke's yesterday
were moM impressive. About 500 com
ruuniciints were preseni at theearly morn
ing services, and at 11 o'clock the church
was crowded to its uttermost. The raorn
iri£» sermon was by Rev. Archdeacon
Webber. The address wa? not argument
ative, the speaker choosing rather to treat
the occasion as one upon which the joy of
the world in the resurrection of the Savior
fcbould be emphasized.
In the afternoon a children's carol ser
vice wa? held. As this was expected to
be the last Easter obterved in the old
church, souvenir programmes bearing a
likeness of the old edifice were issued.
In the evening Bishop Nichols deliv
ered the sermon and administered the
rites of confirmation to 175 candidates.
HOTEL AEEIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
A Levinsky, Stockton M Maynard, Suinn
C Tci.!», Tennessee T Griffin & w, ires
Mis- Griffin, Ives R M sime, Sonoma
A Zacxerman, Woodland W Allen. Stockton
A Neil.on it w, Sacto J Weil, ganger
E M Mason. Chicago Mrs Baxter, Boston
Miss Baxter, Bos. on blaster Baxter, Boston
\V Hooker, Graliames 1" Joson, Los Angeles
L James CanaJa W Purneil, Sacto
G schlrely, Oroville L U Grant, s-alem
T Flint Jr, San Juan Dr T Flint, San Juan
Mrs Holmes, San Jose Mrs T otmaa San Jose
Mrs Haniinou.P.ttsburg Miss E Shererd, Pa
X Barnes. Stanford W Scarbrougn, Los Ang
G Avlswortb. Los Ang C Zuca, Kansas
P Rocca, Omaha T M Joseph. N V
B Horai.'sou, bacto C Smith & w . -an Jose
W Nisieu, San Diego M l'il<im, Stockton
F R Remelee, Sacto L Frankenheime.^tocktn
E T Cushing, Chicago B M Rosenberg, Ukiah
H M Peiser, Cal
RUSS HOUSE.
a A McDonald, Grizzley S t bamberlaln, Cal
R F Jones, Stockton P X Dow, san Jo<e
X k May, San Jose B li Cottle. xan J.-ise
W O Farrer, Cal J C li l>ana <fc \vf, M.ass
Miss -MJLockwood, Conn W M Btalne, Cal
J Moniigban, Spokane R R Fox, Vallejo
J terzior Cal J Potter, Va;iej >
P. a Jon s, stocttcn a Harris <t wf, Fowler
A Myeri wf, Fla G L Eastoiau <<t wf, Fla
W Brock man, i al J Taylor, r-alinas
J M Willing, Nev City E a 'Brown & wf, S»cto
P R Davis, santa Rosa B Spark, I'ruckee
T J Witbeck, I oa Angles H A Harris, Fovver
J X H l:obert*on. Mexico Miss T A cloae, Fowler
J H Thomas, Rio Vista M B Washburn, Cal
E C Stanley, Livermore J S Devon;, ioreit Hill
-Mrs Ryan, Fresuo L Deaii, I'.eno
J L Cockling, Los An; el \V 11 D^vis. sacto
J Q B sbee <t w, Auburn 0 11 Grey & w. Ukiah
Hiss B Wilbur, st Louis Miss traukliu, St
G 11 Sawyer, Los Angles G D Carlin. Sacto
FaLa.CE HOTEL.
J W W Moore, Pa Mrs E R Seaver, 111
C B Close, Selby G B Cramer. N V
W W Chapin, sacto B Ii Collins, Stanford
X M Collius. Mauford F H Boyce, N V
JJ i art-ton. Mass U triicb, Denver
J D Bick.jell, L A Mrs G Fritch, colo
Mrs Hi arleion, Mass G SuisbaUKh, P.ock Islnd
O.to Huber, Rotk Islnd I B Marshall, China
T Husion, Tacorua Mrs T B Marshall, China
n E r.iisco. Mexico F W Bradley, Ind
J H Kincaid. Nevada I) r astlake, l<-kio
P M Ader, J«va P Sch.eist. r, Java
J T l'ratt, Brook'.yn F E Harkness. Chicago
B W Ellis, London X rt" P ayfair, Lon ;ou
W H Aher>.TOiuble, Jpn C H >tevens, Boston
O E On: by <t w, S Louia N J Jtiley, Indiana
F J Hamm-r, L A W M Petrie, -acramento
Mrs A Hamilton, Pa Miss E Shorrerd, Pa
COSMOPOLITAN.
J E Lewis, Marysville Miss L Marslir, Marvsv
A D Anderson, Stockton Chas i irlood, Stocttou
I' B Gallagher, Donegal E Brvan >auta Barbara
D s \Viib<«r, San Diego J C Ba:io;je. i wf, Cai
M Holstronj, Saa l;iego M Aibeer;i i»|, Italy
T Flcrshei:i., Ciiicago M J Mci.ellan <S: wJ, cal
F Kramer Coiusa L P Smith, Hai ford
J P Peter-on, Sonora Mrs C -wan son, ~e»ttle
H Bwanson, aea tie X Swanson, Seattle
Miss H Swauson, >cattle J La i our <fc tarn, Seattle
A Asbeek, Seattle, J i Kane, Seattle
W Jackson <fc wf, L Ang T Cairns, 1 hiiadelphia
W stai.ard, l hiladeiphia C Fisner & wi, Oakland
M:ss H Grimm. M;.dera Miss ACi Flaliev, .Vadera
I! yon Swit»- F O'Keefe, Liverpool
Prland A J SheUhams, itocklin
J PDempsy. N Mexico It X Enton, N Mex.co
J Dickson & wf, Kureka PD.ikaon & wf, i ureka
T H Morton, Jackson J Lacy, Los Angeles
LICK HOCiK
T S Dickens & w, :-acto C E Thistler, Mare Island
C W Kean, Lodl li liollis, San Kafa-i
F W Carri.u, Fresno James Peck, Merced
R Giacev, Merced t. L Moar, ilerrt^a
N J Ba dwin, v. oodbrge H X Vail, Angels Camp
Mr A Mrs J Lake, 111 J B McDonald, Fresno
1 bos .Macieay, PeialumaF X Mundfty Petal uma
W Jackson Litile, U S N X C Terry, Clayton
Eiias D <-..ird ier. Cal E H Johnson <fe w, Cal
L B .-utliff <t w, :-ac:o B<t L Suiliff, >acto
J Dannenbauin, \a'lejo E B Shankiin, «;al
X U Schwarzkopf, Cal P l.iddexe, Centerville
8 Englander, Cal D P » itchell, Palo Alto
M L Pratt, Boston Chas King, Hanford
C F Jackson, Seattle Wai Campbell, Cal
J M Collier. Fresno Misa Collins, Fresno
M O Rhodes, San Jose D D Ennuger, Saata Cruz
Mrs J McL Harvey, Cal
BALDWIN HOTEL.
A LCarlton, Milwaukee T J Booney, Winters
W P Lewis, Oakland A J .McPnail, Lancaster
G Hart <fe w, Valiejo G H i rimrose & w N V'
Dr J J Willy, Stockton w Kuiffttiberg <fe w Los
L X smith. Yokohama Angeles '
O P Bus'.il, Waisunviile R W Buihanan, Chicago
H Temple <t w, St Louis G M We,tcott, Concord
T H lOui, ->acr*mento X M Tapsott, Red B.ufl
J -^titt <t w. I klah H s m i; n> L..iah
vJ u>si, -ea:t;e ll Jones, Seattle
C Buckley, Vallejo
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
C A Black. Rodeo A Brlzzolor*. Rdeo
G Grayer, Cal J T Day, Ixn Angeles
C t».ent, >t Louis F Ilanßen. N V
W Downey. N V - Jfi Bu h, XT S S Alert
J M Dunn, N V' fa H Hook
F Hess, Chicago L Bostie, Chioago
EEAL ESTATE TEANSAOTIONS.
Henry S. and Isabel Shaffer Markey to Murphy
Estate Company, lot on N line of c;av s.reet 90
Wof Webster, W 13:10 oy N 104:2: 10. '
Murphy Estate Company to tarah E. Madison,
same; $10.
Joseph R. or Joseph ana P. J. or Patrick Hogan
to Margaret Gilletpie, lot on S line of Fell street
87:6 Eof .-cott, E 25 by S 87:6; $10. '
Margaret Gilleapie to Thomas corbett, same;
Lazztra and. Gullla Meranl to Hugh McNab. lot
on E line of Baker street, 24 S of Greenwich, S 24
by E 94; $10.
Hugh McNab \o Mary McNab. same; gift.
James P. i. wing to Ed« ar I J. Vogel, lot on S line
of California street, 131:3 W of Baker, W 25 by S
137:8: $10.
Emma Joseph to George Rose, lot on X line of
Fell street. 31:3 W of Lyon, \V 50 by^ 100; $30.
M. Morgenlhau Company to Louis Bletz*er, lot
on s\V corner of Harri.-on and Eighteenth streets.
W 187:3 by 8 197: * 15.0U).
L. T. and Fannie C. Chapman to Charles T.
Norton, lot on W. line of Mission street, 115 N of
Tweuty-flrst, N 24 by W 90; *10.
Annie Potter (by Murray F. Vandall commis
sioner) to Ivey L. Borden. lot on E line of !-ai.che«
street, 28 N of Nineteenth, N 25 by E 100; $ 600.
Marlon L. and i mily 11. Mowry to Deling
JJowry, lot on E line of Alabama street 208 N of
Twerjiysiconl. N 26 by E 100: also lot on N line
of Locos avenue. 200 E of Plymouth street. W
■MO by M 12:j. block Q, P.iiiroaJ HomesLtad As
.'-,»•>,:. $.0.
Mary Relay .0 William C. --pencer, lot on N line
of Twenty-sixth street, 70 E of San Jose avenue
t. 30 by • 66: »10.
*l 'i U. ;.lck»raon to Charlotte £. and Bar
nnrd Johnson, lot on N line of Elizabeth stre'SU
176:8 E of Douglass. F: -J6 by N 114: *10.
AI.AMKHA COfSTV.
John and Wilhelmlna Mole to I aura A. , wife of
William S. relouze, lot on X line of Chestnut
s:ree,2ol:3 5 of Twentv-elghth, S 31:3 by E
132. block 652, Oakland; $10.
William S. Pelouze to same, same, Oakland:
gift.
Central Land Company to W. H. Loomls, lot on
s line of Tbir.y-thlrd street, 333 X of West stieet.
S 100 b- E 36. bok F, map- cf Central Land
Company's tract, Oakland: $10.
Feter and Sarah M Tiiomson to E. N. and Ger
trude K. Jon^s. o: on E ln.e of Franklin street,
814 N of Delg->r (or Twentieth), N. 8.54. SK
84.J5, P-"W .36, W fe4.15 to beginning, block 3161,
' •;« .lil'.i. •■?..
lifortctmi v niliy M. Bartholomew to Charlotte
Allen, lot on the X line of Harrison street, 26 S of
Fif.h »tr>-ec, B 37:6 by E 10J, being lot 7 and por
tion of lot ■ ti and 9. block 39, Oakland; $10.
J. H. T. and Henrietta W&tkinson to Vary H.
sterling, lots UU. 6.', 64 and 66, map of Piedmont
Tract, Oakland Township; $10.
a. L. Hollls o a. H. He. ey, lot on the SW cor
ner of Grant avenue, 427 HE of Telegraph avenue,
!?E iiO by isW lib, bein; a portion of lots 61 and
51 ', ■>■ amended map of .Mcsswood Tract, Oakland
Townstilp; 910.
L. 11. and Elvira M. Hubbard to August Hend
rlckson, lot on r> line of Glascock stren., I"^s W of
Peterson, v, 25 by -V 100, being lot - i 4, block 18.
>>crt!i j- lambda Tract, Brooklyn Township: $10.
Campbell Pomeroy to Elizabeth J. Pomerov. lot
on Hue of -aratoga avenue. lbO \V of Orchard
street. W 40 by S 132:6, being lot 19, block B,
Amended Map, Moss Tract, Brooklyn Township;
glfu
Christ- an and .Varthine Jenson to Delos Pratt,
lot '^6 in s i bdivislo-i B, l-'rultvaie Terminal Tract,
subject to a mortgage for 800, Brooklyn Town
ship; $10.
Louis H. and Marion A.Turner to Mary E. Ram
say, lo- on X line of Lafayette street. 50 N of CUn
ion avenue, N 50 by X 108, being lot 11. block 15,
amended map of Harwell Tract, .alameda: $10.
Adam M.. .Ramsay to Mary E. Ramsay, same;
gifu
Edwin A. Randlett to Mary A. Randlett, lot on
E line of Chestnut streer, 60 s of Railroad avenue.
S 60 by E 1:0. block 6, Lands adjacent to Enci
nal. Alame a: gift.
N. and Columbia Cerisola to Teresa Filettl, lots
63, 64 and 55. block C, Vicente Peralla Reserva
tion Tract, Oakland Townstup: $10.
ll'-rke ey lank of Savings to Ludwig P. and
Catherma Meinheit.lo. on 8 line of Addison street,
l! 00 XV of Oxtord, W 50 by 8 lL'5. being lot 8, block
A, Berkeley property, Berkeley; SI 7OO.
William M. and Ainut* 1.. r. Stewart to James
It Sloan, lot on SW corner of Eagle avenue and
Willow street, SV 10:-.:6 by S 147:6, being lots 9
and 10, block 12, lands adjacent to Eurinal, Ala
in c-da; SlO.
Builders' Contracts.
A. J. and Sarah T. Scaudrett with Wlliam
Plant, to eiect a two-story buil'ling on Jf line of
Fukon street, 1-5 E of Lyou; 53470.
Muttt'O Compa^ino with J. solanave, alterations
am 1 additions to n three-story frame buildi'ig on
S line o- Green street. 172 East of Dupcnt; $1300.
Edward and Sophia Wharton w:th IV-tterbon <fc
I'erson, to erect a two-story irame bui.ding on N
line of tell street, between Lot. and Lyou. $'JUOO;
D. C. Denei, architect.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
JUSTNESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Cam,—
710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
Blgnt in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery atreet,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
??9 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
616 r.arkin street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
until 9 o'clock.
2818 Mission street, oppn until 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth street; open until 9:'.iO o'clock.
1605 Po'.k street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
struts; open till 9 V ck.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
It-Sp GOLDEN GATE COJIMAXI'KP.Y *_
I^-*' No. 16, K. T., Goden Gate building, TSgp
625 Butter at — Satea assembly THIS Fa
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Ihe Order of C#
the Red Cross will be conferred. All fraters ▼
are courteously invited. jut?SBB
CHARLES H. MURPHY, Em. Com.
William T. Fonda. Recorder.
jf^g=» OCCIOHNTAL LODGE NO. 22. F. m
*-*' and A. M.— Called mt-eting Tills IV
(MOM AY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock.
Second degree. By order of the W. M. /V>
EDW. F. DKLGER. Secretary.
K5S' KING HOLOMON'S LODGE NO. m
tfr^& 260, F. <fc A. M., corner Gearv and A\
>tfiner stß.— Called mefting THIS (MON-lf Tg
DAY) EVENING at 7:80 o'clock. Third /VN
degree. By order of the M aver.
HAKKY BA EH R, Secretary.
B^g=» SAX FRANCISCO CHAPTER . ■
tb*J& No. 1. Royal Arch Masons, meets O\.
THIS EVENING. Business. P. M. and vf Jf :
M. E. M. degrees. /^r\
H. G. PRINCE, Secretary.
ft^S=* AN FRANCISCO LODGE v -xjuw6v
■f-^ No. 3, I. O v. F.— Office n tt .d i&^fX-
members will please taite notice to :it-
tend the funeral of our lat»- brother, *Wlf^*
J. W. DODGE, Memorial Hall, Seventh and Mar-
ket sts., Tneslay, April 20, at 2 :30 l. H.
NIELSEN, N. G.
F. A. Jennings, Secretary.
* DIVIDEND NOTICES.
ttr~jg* DIVIDEND NOTICE— DIVIDEND NO.
K£~=' 42 (twenty-rive cents per share) of the
Hutchinson >ugar Plantation Company will be !
payable at the office of the company, 327 Market !
street, on and after Tuesday. April 20, 18H7. i
Transfer books will close Wednesday, April 14,
1897. at 3 o'clock p. it
F. H. SHELDON'. Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BtrS» C. L. TAYLOR IS HEREBY NOTIFIED
*-*' to redeem trunk at 1654 Market st.
B^S= NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT
& ' the Maria Kip Orpaauage of 638 Folsom st.
has received the following orphan and half-or-
phan girls from December 31, 1896, to April 1,
1897: Carrie Elizabeth Nickerson. 8 year* 1
month; CeciiC Hilloise Williamson, 9 years; Char-
lotte Montanya, 8 years 8 months: Phoebe lion-
tanya, 5 years 11 months; Milfred Nelson, 12
years 9 months; Helen Beatrice iteglan, 1 year: !
Elsie May Knuds >n, 8 yeurt 10 months: Mabel i
Dannevig. 10 years 4 months: Lillian Dannevig, 5
years 1 month; Edith Howard, lOyeais 3 months;
Nellie Bimons, 11 years 2 months: Harriet Flor-
ence Odium, 6 years; Madora Sharp, 1 year 8
months.
gT^- BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR 84:
m*& collections made: city or country. Pacific
Collection Co.. 415 Mont^y s'.., room 6: tel. 5550. |
SITUATIONS W ANTKD— ALE.
A FIRST-CLASS COOK. ACCUSTOMED TO
coo ..ing for institutions, Asylums, schools, eic., I
with the ot*si of reiei ences. is desirom c securing I
a situation. Apply to J. P. CKOSETT <fc CO., 31b" I
Su.ter st.
JMRST-CLASS LAUNDRESS DESIRES BlT-
uatlou; best references; city or country. Miss
CU LLEN, 323 Sutler St.
SITUATION Wasted AS working
housekeeper by a reliable, trustworthy middle-
ag<"d woman from the old country: tbl* to lake
lull charge: best of references; country l referred.
E. W., box 34, Call Office.
RELIABLE WOMAN WISHES SITUATION:
IX is good cook; would do licht housework, plain
washing: kind to children: mod-rate wages;
city or short aisiance in country. 27V 3 Fourth st.,
o\er florist.
pOMPETKNT WOMAN WANTS A SITUA-
\J lion to do general housework; hrs:-c ass cook;
understands German and American cooking: best
ci ty reference, Call or two day* at 523 Minna st.
SCOTCH WOMAN WANTS SITUATION;
O good cook, baker and laundress: references:
competent nurse wants position also. Call 103
E ghth St., near Mi~s o i.
PESPKCTABLK GERMAN LADY, UNDER-
It stands sewing and willing to ass s'. in house-
work, would like h hone for very small waves.
Address L.. box 20, Call Office.
MIDDLE-AGED WoMAN DKSIRES PLACE
in small family to do housework: or will work
by the day. 1503 Folsom St., near Eleventh.
EXPERIENCED DRESSMAKER, IS FIRST-
Xj class fitter and designer, wishes few more en-
gagements. Address 1004 Market room 6.
. !
A GIRL WISHES A SITUATION TO DO
-V houiework and cooking; wages $-0 1383
Baker stieet, near Geary.
SWEDISH <.IRL DESIRES COOKING OR
housework In a small family. Address 4 Sam-
net St., off Howard, be . Seventh and Eighth.
KELIABLE GIRL WISHES A SITUATION
fc to do housework and too-ing. Apply 321
Ellis st.
YOUNG LADY Dl HIRES POSITION AS
housekeeper. 121 Montgomery st., room 8.
T)ESPECTABLE WOMAN WISHES SITUA-
-.- Uon as cook or to do general housework: refer-
ences. 1912 Kleiner at.
YOUNG LADY DKSIRES POSITION AS GOV-
A erness or companion: holds first-class c • rtlfl-
cate; bm; seamstress; wages $20 to $2&. Caa 3
day<. 23<!3 toward st,
C- OMPETENT LADY DESIRr.s SITUAT
\J us housekeeper for a widower with family-
city or country town; . or lady's companion 19"B
Market st, room 32.
IDDLE-AGED WOMAN OF IS YEARS EX-
-1" perience, and daughter 2S years, woulJ like a
position In hotel or boardlng-hou>e; highest refer-
ences. Van -Ness House room 42.
COMPETENT GERMAN GIRL DEMRES SIT-
V uation; general housework in gtod family
good reference. • 2610 Bush at.
RESPECTABLE WOMAN WIHijKS To DO
Xt washing and ironing by the day. 820 Folsom
St., upstairs.,
VUCNO ACCOMPLISHED KASTERN WIDOW
X desires a place as managing housekeeper;
bachelor's or widower's home preferred; will do
plain sewing, .Room 3, 1-0 va (ieary st.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 19, 1897.
WTtATTONS WANTFn-Contlnnad.
A TTRACriVE YOUNG LADY OF AMIABLE
■t\. disposition desires a position as typewriter or
copyist. I'JOVi < ; eary st., room 2, first floor.
■yOITNO GKRMAN GIRL WISHES HITI'A-
X tion as chambermaid; is perfect seamstress:
flrst-cLiss iiuuiiy unly. App.y or adlress 1112
Pierce st-, bet. Eddy and Ellis
COLORED WOMAN WANTS SITUAI lON AS
chambermaid or light housework. Call or ad-
dress MRS. i ARTKB, 370 Natomast.
"I ADV WOULD LIKE TO ACCOMPANY IK-
-» > valid going »st in exchange for p:irt payment
of fare. Cail or address MRS. TELL. 3'Jb ueary st.
■yoUNti LADY HECENTLY FROM THE
X East desires a permanent place as housekeeper
In a bachelor's or •% dower's home: cltyorcou itrv,
or will do plain sewing. R. 2, 223 Post St., after 10.
BY AN ELDKRLY LADY, POSITION IN"
respectab c Protestant family: Is an experi-
enc d seamstress, must* or will be genera lv use-
ful; wishes a good home with small remuneration;
goo l r»ierences Address 23^6 Pine St., near
Fill more.
C"XPKRIENCED AND PRACTICAL YOUNG
\-i lady desires a position as typewriter and st<-
nographer; ctty or country. Kooms 3 and 4, 309
Sutler si.
"y OUNG GERMAN "WIDOW WISHKS I'LACK
X as housekeeper in widower's household. R. 1,
106 Fourtn st.
SW COR. SIXTEENTH - »T.. NEAK MIS
sion; branch office of Tu* Caul. bao-
ecriptlons and want ads taken.
A7"Ol .SO WIDOW RECKNTLY FROM THE
i South desires a lucrative position as house-
keeper in lodging-honse, widower's or bachelor's
home. R. 3, 996 Market st.
p EHMAN GIItL WXSB.BB WASHING AND
vX bousecleaning by the day; wages *1. 216 Va
PoliL st.. iear.
/COLORED GIHL DESIRES SITUATION As
V-' lady's maid, child's nurse; well educated; city
or country. Address 14ia Jackson su - ;
/' i C LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
«J-LU CALL: subscriptions ana hum ad-4 taken.
V EAT RELIABLE WoMA.N WISHES POSI-
I.\ tion as working housekeeper; no objection to
the country. Address Housekeeper, 310 Gough.
WEDISH WOMAN WOULD LIKE WASH-
O lv« cr houi>ecle.aning by the day. Call 2308
Twenty-third si.
\-OCKG WOMAN WOULD LIKE A SITUA-
JL tion as housekeeper; city or country. 138 a
Fourth st., room 4.
\'OU.\G WIDOW DESIRES POSITION AS
housekeeper. Apply I'JOa Eddy st., room 7.
GERMAN GIRL WlisHE^ TO ASSIST IN
housework: wagessl6. Call 1109 Florida st.
U ANTKD— POSITION AS MANAGING OR
'» working housekeeper by nead practical Amer-
ican laily; U good cook; excelleui manager; un-
derstands care of milk: will not object to nice,
quiet country home with all modern conveniences:
»25; refeiences given and required Adoreas
MRS. E. &, bos 187, Chlco, Butie County, Cai.
tr I ~ LAKKIN-BRANCII OFFICE OF THE
U 1 •_> CALL. Subscriptions and want ads taken.
\ I OONG WIDOW DESIRES POSITION AS
housekeeper. Apply 120 a Eddy s;., room 7.
Y-iJUNG LADY (PAKISIA.N) DESIRES A
housekeeper's i lace; good disposition: prefers
I ■UuMig-iiuiisir, }\ iilciui-i s or baebeloi'y home; city
orcoumry. Rooms 10 and 11, 122 Post su
KK-FIM ED ACCOMPLISHED YOUNG
French Widow desires a piace as housekeeper
or tompaiiion. Room 1.2 Fo.it su
eiK LAKKIN — BRANCH OIFH X OF THE
\j I*J CALL. Subscriptions and want ads taken.
VOIXO LADY' WOULD LIKE A SITUATION
-L as housekeeper for gentleman. 223 Post su,
room 17, third floor.
/COMPETENT WOMAN WISHES A SITUA-
\J tion as cook or do general houaework in small
family; city or cou ury. 476 Jrssie, near Sixth.
/•] C LAKKIN-BRANCH OFFICE OF THR
'-'it' CALL, feubscriptiona aud want ad.s taken.
\-oUng Parisian lady ix reduced
circumstances desires a lucrative position as
housekeeper in hotel. wiJov.er's or bachelor's
hoaie; will do pi un sewing. 1122 Marset, rm. 31.
A\ r ULLDLIKE POSITION WITH LADY AS
»» nurse; one going to seashore or springs or
travel. Acdrea* 1640 Sacramento su
\ r OUK LADY, FORMERLY IN t.O D CTR-
cumstances, desires to secure a place as house-
keeper in hote:, bachelor's or widower's horj.e;
will do plain sewing. Km 11, 223 Postal., 2d floor
O- .J ■ .MISSIuN — SUBSCRIPTIONS AND
want ads taken for THE CALL.
YOUNG WOMAN WOLLD LIKE A Sll'UA-
I tton a.s housekeeper. Call or address House-
keeper, room 42, 776 Mission st.
WINCHESTER HOCSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
»» MarKet: 200 rooms */5c ;o 81 50 per night;
f 1 BO to $(> per week; convenient, and respectable;
iree bus and i k .-a^e to anl lrotn Ite :n rv.
SITUATIONS WANTED MALE.
CHINESE & JATANrSE; EsT'D UO YEArIS;
helpueLmaln 1997. BRADLEY A C >. .640 Clay
HI.NTEK & CO.. CHINESE AND JAPANESE
employment orh'ce, removed to 614i /a Califor-
nia su, near Kearny. 'lei. main 23L
/IHINESK AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
V^ olhce; best help. 414Vfe O'Farrell. Tel. E. 426.
JAPANESK, CHINESE KM PLOYMT OFFICE :
waiters, housecleaners. 30 Geary; teL red 143.
SAM KKE — CHINESE AND J A PEN ESE EM-
ployment office. 611 Vi Bushßt., nr. Grant aye.
JAPaNESK l:\li.Li.llih.\ct. AGENCY. K.
90 Ku Ann's bl'g, 6 Eddy su: tel .'-.am 5234.
AI A N AND WIFE, NEW ENGLAND PEO-
i-'l pie, private place; man understands care of
cattle, horses and grounds, general work; wife
Cumpetent housekeeper, cook or second work; city
or country. Address J., box 54. Cull oih'ce. ;
YOU.no man wants work-, handy at
X painting, paper-hanging, wi;itenitig: country
preterrcd: will work reaaouabie by Uay or mouth.
HAKKY X G., box 133, Call Office.
yOUSG MAN DESIKES POSITION AS OUI>
X lector or c;ty drunin.cr: will start on small
salary : cmi kivu best of reference or bond. C. A.,
box 48, • all.
EXPERIENCED MAN DESIRES POSITION
as manager or foreman quartz mine: uuder-
stands as.,, vim;. Bxiue-smrTL-yln*;. umbering, too.-
sh.irpenini;, handling men. A. L, box 98, Call.
QUAI.TZMILL MAN WANTS P. SITION;
understands ..in..U- luati.g and Concentrates.
-••.udresi Ulilman,boz 61, call.
WANTED- POSITION AS BAllllKK BY A
your.g :. an with one year's experience; no
scholar, 'j-i., ii v,.;rd ,;.
yOUNG MAN DESIRES POSITION IN THE
Xciuntry: uudcrstunds care of Horses, milking,
etc. Addiesi J. M., bn J36, Cill.
I>OBTTION WAN" I ED 1!Y FIIiST-CLASS OUT-
. ter and tailor: reforrfnee given. Cutter, box 9
Call ulUce.
MAN GOING ON A TRIP WOILI
dosLn jidvertising. J. 8., box 16,
IJ< SITION AS HELPER IN MEAT MARKET;
X some experience; honest, sot>er and re.iabl" ■
references KlVea. Address ix. C. LAUKSEN, 627
Commercial su
WANTED — POSITION AS ASSISTANT
»» cook; quick and active; not afraid to work-
wages no object. Address E. L. ALiiXAJNDER*
83* Fo!som si.
R97 MONTGOMERY COIt.VEK OF clay-
*Ji. I open until 9:30 o clock: branch office ol
the Call: subscriptions and want ads. taken.
JAPANESE YOUNG BOY WANTS POSI-
O tion as schoolboy; city or across the bay Ad-
aress 4 T., box 10. Call Oflice.
I'KXTLKMAN 36. UNIVERSITY EDUC4-
yj lion, speaking 5 la. guajces well, desires po-il-
tton as manager, instructor or companion in pri-
vate fanvly; salary last question: excellent reft r-
eiic.-s. Please address S. P. sTEKNAU 814 Lar-
kin st.
JAi'A.NESE WISHES POSITION- PLAIV
cooking, housework or any kind ot work -ood
recommendation; wages s4. U. S., 700 calif< rnia.
£J1 - LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF' THE
\J-l-tJ CALL. Subßcriptions and want ads taken.
TfMPLOYMKNT WANTED BY AN ELDERLY"
XJ Canadian man on a ranch or private place-
has han:!i-d horses, cows and poultry; moderate
compensation: city or country: >o*ber and In-
dustrious; references. H. E. A., 674 Folsom su
4J • RONG BOY, 17 YKAKS OF AGE, WISHES
O to work on a ranch. 1206 Polk su
7 IVKSOBEKTKUSIWO THYYoUNGMAN
J-< wants sftuaion: understands care of iiorses
garden; good miiker; handy with p'.umberN ana
carpenter'^ t-ols; references. L. M , box 300, Call.
4 MARKET ST. — BRANCH OFFICE OF THIS
1ai.1.: want ads and subscriptions taken.
yoC.NO, INTELLIGENT MASBKCB AND
X i: cdi- a; avminni, speaks several laugu^gpa,
wishes it place to attend iv valid: travel or summer
resor;. Address E. H., box 85, Call.
"POSITION WAMK.i A> ASSISTANT MIN-
X ing superiute: dent or full charge of small prop-
erty by young man of good habit*; surveyor, book-
keeper and assayer; bes: .references. AdUrest U.
W., box 60, Call Oflice
/M"Uf:SE, VALET C AND ATTENDANT WILL
-1-1 *lye services la return for fare to England:
6 /a years' experience; references- scot. Call
OHice, Oalclani.
Y°HMi MAX, 10 YhAKS' EXPERIENCE IN
x mercantile irade, wants position in office or
any kind of woric. Address C. K. H., box 91, Call.
BBAMH OVFICS OF THE CALL, 167 NLMU
bu— Waal ada and subscilpiions taKen.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
"ITT ANTED— GERMAN COOK. $30; CASHIEK,
'» restaurant, $25; German nurse, $20: French
nurse, $25: head waitress, summer resort, $30;
German or Swedish cook, to cook for men, $20.
1.K0.V ANDRE, 308 Stockton st-
TTOLSEKKBI'ER. LODGING - HOUSE, $12,
ax etc.: 8 gir s, O'Farrell St., $15; girl, l age si.,
• ■5; girl. Haighi st., $16. German girl, Taylor st ,
*10. g rl, Gllroy, $1&: German girl, Scott st.. $18;
| lr '. Redwood City, $16: girl. Golden Gate aye,
S>!s: gH, Ash bury sU, $15: German girl, Castro
IV 1 .* 1 7 : glrl> Eddy 8t -> * 18 : S 1 "" 1 - seond work.
$15; girl. Kills St., $15; girl Waller St., *15; 25
young girls, $8, »io and $12 pf r month, assist,
etc., ni( c families. MARTIN &CO , 749 Market.
\JU AITRKB«, $2N COUNTRY; GERMAN
»» $10; mttnm. $4 a week;
lunch and dinner waitress; waitress, country, *20
and room: 2 waitresses. $5 a week: waitress,
Iruckee. Cal., $20 and room; waitress. #15 and
room: girl as waitnss $12 and room: chamber-
maid and wait some, $15 a- d room: cook. German
style, s30 and room. MaRTIN <fc CO., 749 Market.
rjIRL, VALLEJO ST., $25; GIRL, GOUGH
v st., $20; girl, l'aciflr aye, $20 girl, ?>cott St.,
?18: cirl, Kioadwav, 820: girl, California St.. $20.
MARTI a &L 0..749 Market si.
PIANO-PL\YER, $30, BO*RDAND KOOM.
MARTIN & CO., 749 Market st.
TRONER. HOTEL LAUNDRY. $40; CALL
-L early MARTIN A Co., 749 Market st.
GIRL, BERKKLKY, CAL., »20. MARTIN <fc
CO., 749 Market St.
HOUSEWORK GIRL. EUREKA. $25: LIVER-
more, $20; Berkeley, $20: Alameda, $20: 10
housework girls, city and country. $20 and $25;
8 young pirls, assist, $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN,
323 Sutter st.
* TWO WAITRESSKS, TRUCKKE, $15 AND
-n.. $2'); fare paid. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter.
■V-EATPRni'HSTANTaIRL. HOCSKWOKK, 2
i^l in family; $l-j. MISS l ULLKN. 323 Sutter-.
H.EKMAX OR SWEDISH COOK; «30. MISS
\J CLLLEN, 323 Suf.er st.
VrtJRSR, $20: SECOND GIRL, $-'5. MISS
i-> CULLEN, 323 Sutter si. •
pHAMIiERMAIU, HOTEL. COUNTRY, $20:
\J 4 waitresses, country botels, $20: chamber-
malt, city, s eep horn , $12: bt-ud waitress, $35;
cook and laundress, country $'«!0: - waitresses,
r-staurant, city, $15: 3 Scandinavian girls,
housework, $20; 2 German irirls, cltv, $25: 8 girls,
Housework. $15 and S2O. C, R. HANSEN A CO.,
110 Geary st.
V URSKOIRL, $20; HOUSEGIRL, SAN RA-
-1.1 fpel, 2 In fnmily, do washing, $J5; housemrl.
city, $25: couk. boarding-house, S3O; girl, light
work, $12. AIRS. NORTON, 315 Sutter su
4 COOKS, $'J5 AND $30; INFANT'S NURSE,
1 $-5; seamstress. $^5: I nnrseglrls. *1J and
fls; 10 girl* tor housework. MRS. Hl£D, 721
Ellis st.
<) (URLS, 13 TO 16 YEARS OF AGE. TO DO
— light wurk in novelty factory. Call at 3 o'clock
to-day, 1126 Mission st , second floor.
A PPRKNTICE OF SOME EXPERIENCE OX
-TV custom coats: paid while learning. 2081,4
Seventh st.
irAXIED- FIRST-CLASS FINISHERS ON
»» lad es' cloaks. 1140 Market bL, M. BARG,
manager.
GOOD TAILORED WANTED ON CUSTOM
coats. 1931 Market st.
PANTS FINISHERS AND OPERATORS. 541
Marttet st.
riIAILORKSS WANTFD ON COATS. 724
i. Howard su, near Thud.
V^EAT GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK. 2215
-i-i Jones sl
T r OUNO GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK;
smtUl family. Apply 3124 California »t.
ri ERMAN GIRL FOR OF.NERAL HOUSE-
VJ work: bakery. 1598 Fuitou st.. cor. Lyou.
GIRL WANTED FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
work. 761 iiaighi su
Girl wanted to do general house-
work: one who sleeps home 817 a Hayes at.
GIRI (16) TO ASSIST IN LIGHT BOUSE-
work. 1523 Golden Gate aye.
T^INIbHERS WANTED ON CUSTOM COATS;
X good wages. 106 Battery at.
A PPRENIICK AT IRESSMAKING. 4a AN-
■£\. tonio st., off Jones, nr. Ellis.
■EXPERIENCED GIRL WAITER: COFFEE-
XJ saloon. 413 East xt., bPt. Clay and Merchauu
GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK AND TAKE
care chj.tlrau. 810 McAllister su
GiKL wanted to wait table; ees-
taurant. 233 Sixth si.
/ IKL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK; GER-
\> mau or Swedish preferred. 1218 a Fulton su
fMNIHHKR ON CUHTOM COATS AND US-
derstands buttonholes. 123 Russ st.
PANTS KINISHKKS WANTED; GOOD
steady wages. 617 Jessie Bt.
\ r OUITU GIRL TO DO LIGHT HOUSEWORK.
Inquire 2114 Devlsadero su
\\- ANTED - PUPILS FOR MILLINERY
»T school: course practical: clas* Is now forming
for sprlag wint; satistactlon guaranteed: evening
classes. -2Va Geary st., or 410 Leavenworth st.
4 MARKKA ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF IMS
i Call: want ads and subscriptions taken.
\\T ANTED-GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSKWOKK
IT and to lake care of baby. 1121 Steiner at.
WANTED— 2 GOOD WAITRESSES; WAUE-i
$6 week. 106 Second sU
BhhTAND Ql ICKEST PLACE ON EARTH
io learn drt-asmaklng ana millinery; patterns
26c; call end see our mammoth insu ution.
iIcUOWELL'a, 103 Post st.
fa] C LARKIN-BRANCH OFFICE OF THK
UJ -« Call; subscriptions and want ads. taken.
TAJZ.ORXBBOR CUSTOM COATS AND MAKE
buttonholes; good wages. 140 Rusa sU, In rear.
SF. URKSNfUTIISG SCUO'>L_FRENCH
. tailoring taught; $1 week. 916 Market, r. 54.
L'LVN.N'S URKBSJtAKI.NO AND OUTXUTti
J. Acadomy. 14 McAllister su: $1 a week.
VI OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE-
-1»1 Winchester House, 44 Third st.. near Market :
•^OO rooms; 25c to $1 6J per Dight; $1 60 to $<J
per week; free 'bus and baggage lo and fromierry.
(T*, 1 ?, A . H , I ? STAND BEST IN AMERICA-THB
r fc,>.KLY CALL, sent to an/ address In th«
I nit*>d States or Canada one year for 91 60, post-
HALE HELP WANTED.
WANTKD-CARRIA«E PAINTKR, $2 50 A
»» day; blacksmith, country; married man to
care tor place; 6 woodebeppers, $1 and $1 25 per
c °™; snintsle and shake boltmakers, $1 :<6 to
SI 90 a cord, see boss In c ty : t>a-nster, $1 50 a
day; laborers. $1 50 to $1 76 a day; miners,
$'_ 60 a day ; farmers, milkers and others- Apply
to J. F. CKOHETT <fc CO., 628 Sacramento si.
WANTED— 2 COOKS AND WIVES, $40 AND
»» $60. for country boarding- houses: hotel wait,
era, touiitry restuurant; cooks and others. Apply
to J. F. CKOhfc-T l & CO., 628 Sacramento at.
) LIKE TO
Call wlhi-ti.
EVERYBODY PLKASE NOTE: SOME— YES,
nearly all our opponents— are very, very sore
because we h>-ve : he employment business and
control the labor manceu Sorry as we are for
il) in, we ndvise them to die game, for die they
surely will. * men. MURRAY Jt Rf ADV, Lead-
iiig Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
3CC! MXX WANTED TO-DAY. KKOM $16 TO
' \f fBO per month and found: rea<l carefully;
Hi- following are only a few places we have:
60 farmers, o: chard an l vineyard bands, $25,
9-0 and $16 p<*r month and found: 10 milkers, s26
ai.d $20: 17 laborers and teamsters, city and coun-
try, $1 50 to $l 75 per day and $20 per month and
found: " ijir :, r i-.ii.! cheese makers. $30 an: l $26:
30 wood choppers, 4-foot red pine wood, $1 10 and
fl per cord; 10 men lo ni; ditches on a large
ranch, etc : 4 cr.or*- men and boys for ranches and
vineyards, $10 $12 and * 6; in strong young
men to learn nado. *"!.'> per month and found, in
city: 3 farmers and wives with and without chil-
dren 3 i ruuers for a vineyard and do general
vint-vurd work. $26 and found, >anta Clara
County; carpenter for v rau'-h, *-6 and found; 3
stab'emi n, city and country. *!26 and found;
sht-e|!-she*riT: 20 granite drillers for a quarry,
$1 75 to $2 a day: 4 blacksmiths, shops
and camps. $40 and $46 per month and found;
3 b.ackMimhs to tun s'ioos ou «lnres: 15 cooks,
city aiul country jobs. $60, $50. $40 and $30: 2
second i '•■ K.i. $-_\> and *:-i0; second cook for an in-
stitution, §<:5 and found; 3 dishwashers, *15 aod
*2>J: steward tor a gentleman's yacht, $30 and
found: cook for same yacht, *3u. see boss Here; 3
wait'-rs, $25 and $30: 2 trontr-t. $80: cook and
wife, $36, easy, steady place; camp cook, $25;
and many other good placex. Everybody wanting
work come and see us. MURRAY * RKADY,
Leading Employment Agents, 6M4 and 636 Clay
su ; telephone 5848.
PEU AND COMPOSITION ROOFER: ISPEK
.Tday: steady jo • year round. MURRAY d;
READY, Employment Aleuts 634 and 636 Clay.
CHK^SKMAKKR, $30 AND FOUND; BUQOY-
•am- her-, city stable, (30 and found: 10 men
for a vineyard, $1 8a day, Sana Clara County.
MUI'.RaY <fc RKAIJY, Leadinx ktuployment
Axents. 634 and 636 Clay St. Telephone main
RESTAURANT BUTCHER, $50; COOK,
country restaurant, $10 a week: second cook,
country hotel, $36; man to make tainalrs, coun-
try. $k!6; bWiboy, botel, city. $10; lunch co<MC
for saloon: washer and starcher lor hand Uundry,
country, $.'6. laundryman fur resort, $25. C. R.
HAN -EX .t « 0., lib Uearv St.
GARDENER FOX hPRIXG-, $i:5 AND
found: carrla^e-palnter, country, $2 50 a day;
2 farmers, $15 and found: stableman, city. $15;
choreman for dairy. $15; Swiss farmer, $15. C.
R. HA'iStS &CO.. lioueary st.
SHAMPOOER FOR TURKISH BATH, $4a
U R. ilANbiii,- dt CO.. 110 Ueary ab
nrZ.V WANTED-Cniitliin*^.
CHr.EsEMAKER, REFERKNCK-, $30 AND
found; 2 wood-choppers toois furnisned, near
city, $1 cord, see employer here: 2 farmer.-) for
Mariu County; 2 farmers for v onom> County, $15
to $2o : Uerman l.ednia.M, $15 and found. 4 mold-
ers lor foundry blacksmith helper, S2O o $'i6and
fouid also milkers, farmers, teamsters, cooks,
waiters, dishwashers, c.c. W. D. E\VKR<fcCO.,
626 Clay st.
WANTKD- BLACKSMITH HELPER; MUST
»» understand something about shoeing; $20 to
$25 und found to start with: with chance of part-
nership: American preferred. W. D. EWER &
Co., 626 Clay st.
Wanted- young uerman for boat-
»» house in city; must be a»handy man and one
willing to do chores. W. i). KWER * CO., 626
Clay at.
TWO WAITKRS, COUNTRY HOTEL, $25;
young man for orchard, $12; choreman, $15. 2
Burleigh crli:ers, $3 a day: farmer and wiie witn
family; solicitor for milk route; canvasser on
commission. K. T. WARD <fe CO., 608 and 610
Cay k.
RESTAURANT BUTCHER, $12 A WEEK;
fecond cook, $30 and room; cook, $7 a wt-ek;
niKhtcook, $hi a week; night cook, small place,
$^0 aud room: young man as waiter, $12 aud
room: waiter, $20 and room; waiter, $25 and
room: waiter. $16 and room. MARTIN <fc CO.,
740 Market St.
BLACKSMITH HELP i t-.R, $7 A WKF.K: MAN
±> for chicken laucb, $1-J; man for privat- place.
X. ,.'\, m ? n for Photograph business, solicitor, etc
MAR 1 IN dt CO., 74§ Jiarket st.
Fl\ NO- PLAYER, $30; ROOM, BOARD, ETC.
Ma RUN & CO , 749 Market *v
A BUTLER, $30. MISS CULLEN. 323 BUT-
ter it.
fc'LLUOY. $16; CITY. HOTEL GAZETTE,
420 Kearny su
WA.MED— 3 STEADY MKN FOR COUNTRY
»» posltlous: must have $5 expense money. Ap-
ply 9 Geary st., room 2.
GOOD OFFICE MAN WANTED; SMALL
capital. 639 California au
pAKWfiNTKR OR PAINTKR WANTED TO
VJ rent One basement. 539 California at.
BOY WANTED TO LEAKS PAPER HANG-
Ing. IMM Webster st.
GERMAN WAITER AND DISttWA&HEK
17 Washington st.
y"OUNG GKitMAN TO WORK IN GROCERY
Him coa'yard. Fourteenth ana Noe sts.
BOY WANTED WHO HAS HAD EXl'ERl-
ence in tookbindery. Apply to FRANK
MALLOYE, 422 Sacramento si.
PAINTERS WANTED: INSIDE WORK.
11 igiu and Stanyan.
YOUNG MAN WHO UN DERSTANDS PRKSS-
A lag. 117 Leidesdorff su
T'OXnStM WAITEK, AT THE NORTH BEACH
Hotel, cor. Bay and Masou ata.
rpAILOR WANTED, AT 722 VALENCIA ST.
I>OY AGED 16, RESIDING WITH PARENTS;
I* references required. 130 Powell su
pOOD2-CHAIR BAKBKR-vHJPAND CIG'.R-
-VT stand fur sale on account of going Easu 133 V*
Ninth su
fflJ7r. BARBKR-SHOP: MUST SELL TO-
«H' tw. day; 2 revolving chairs and fixtures.
241 Third »t.
TVTANTED-2 OR 3 MECHANICS TO ROOM
'» in private family: board ojtional; chenprent;
location Fourth sL, near BryanL Address B. s..
box 40, Call Office.
UHOTOGKAPHKR WANTED FOR OUT-
X door work. Call bet. 8 and 10 a. m., BURKE.
405 sixth su
BARBERS— FOR EMPLO YM ENT CALL SK(i
P. C Barbers' Assn. si FUCH-=, 325 Giant aye.
RO7 iGUAIKttV Sl., BRANCH OFFICB
«'— i uiuinu. want aU4 *.uu tuuscnpuoiu
taken.
IOURNEYMJI.N 1. A X : . iia 1 i-.il i'LO V M ii-N i"
O Berxetarr M. iJKKNAKD. 102 seventh sc
W^ANTKD— GOOD WOODWORKER IN A
»» blacksuillh-shop. 30tt Eleventh st.
SEAMEN FOR COASTERS AND HONOLULU
and Alaska. 904 Kearny su, upstairs.
SHJHT CANVASSERS WANTED. MIT-
CHELL'S, M StOCk;oa SU
OtOt! MISSION SJT — BRANCH OFFICE OF
•_«J--U Tuic Caul; kubacnpiiooa ana waul ada
taken.
LADIf-S' S<jLING, 35c; MKN'S SOLING, 60c;
tine shoes made $2 up. 662 Mission st.
L^IK>T-CLASS BARBKRS FURNISHED BY
I. International Union Free Employment Bureau,
34 Fourth «v. the Modern. L Lris-S, Secretary.
9fjAA PAIR. ANOTHER LOT MX VS SHOES,
•■""" been damaged by water, ai less than one-
fourth their value, from 75c up to $2 50. 562
Mission St., bet. Fi:st and >-e< ond.
OOQ HAVES— BRANCH OFFICE OF THIS
*J*JO Call; subscriptions and want ads taken.
TIT" AN T E U— MEN TO LEARN BARBER
»» trade: shops, tools, positions furnished; 8
weeks required. S. F. Barber College, 138Va -Eighth,
WAKTED-AN IDEA; WHO CAN THINK
* * of some simple thing to pat«ntT Protect your
Ideas: they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN<fc CO., Depu L, Patent Attor-
neys. Wa&hington, D. C, for their $1800 pnxe
offer and new list of 1000 invention* wanted.
ELCHO HOUMi 863^ MARKET ST.— iiOOMd
20c 20c to 60c nishi. $1 to $2 weec
STYLISH AND DURABLE CALF SHOES
made to order. $2 60: cheapest place In city for
repairing and second-hand &hoes. 959 Howard at.
rpuE ROSEDALE 321 ELLIS— CHEAPEST
1 and best lodging-house north of Market at.
WANTi-.D— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
to know that Ed Rolldn. Keno House proprie-
lor. still mas Denver House, 217 Third st. : lit)
large rooms; 26c per night; $1 to $3 i>er week.
Esmo.v wants 100 Mi.n to oet bot-
. Ue beer or wine 6c : ben;, free lench. 643Cluy.
I />7 NINTH SI. —BRANCH OFFICE OF
J.UI 'mis Call; kubscrlpuou ana want ads.
taken.
SINGLK ROOMS 10'J AND 16c NIGHT, 60c
and 75c week. Llndell House, sixth and Howad.
r RESOLUTIONS ENGROSSED, DIPLOMAS
t filled ont A all kinds of tenwork. J. W. GRIF-
FITH, Heald's Business College, 24 Post st.
1/OK OOOD REPAIKINU CALI, AT CEN-
r tra! Repairing Shoe Shop, 1534 Market st.. bet.
Larkin and City Hall aye., or 743 Minion St.;
large siock new and second-hand shoes on sale;
shoes made M order, any style, $3 up.
SW. cor. MXTKKHTH ST., NEAR MISSION:
branch office of lut Call. Subscriptions and
want ads taken.
\\ A NTED.TOC'OLLECT \V'A'.4Es DUX LABOR-
»" ersjiderks KNOX Collection Acer, 110 sutter.
rPKV At ME HOUSK. V-l iIAKKKT B>T.. Bii-
i low tilth, for a room: Ittt night; $1 «»«..
ROOMS, 16c TO 76c PKK NIIiHT; 500 TO $1 60
per week. Oriental. 226 Drnmm st.
WANT ADS AND SUBSCRIPTION** FOR
I hi Call are taken at Branch otttou, soota-
west corner Sixteenth and Mission sts.
\(\(\ MEN TO TAKK LODGING AT 100, isq
luu and 20c a night. Including colXtM <uu roU*.
124 Washington St.. near Kearnr.
BE^T IN CITY— SINGLE ROOMS. 15. 20 AND
2b cents per night: $1, $1 25, $1 60 per weeK.
I'ai'iiic Uouso, i omni-r ... and I.eldesdorlT sta.
IH7 2." 1 - v l' ii ST.— BRANCH OKJ-'ICK OF
lul 'in* Call: kubacrlptloa and waiu . Ada
taken.
WANTED— SINULt, KOOMS, 15c A DAY; *l
week: roomi for 2, 26c a day. $1 ~M » wee^i
readlng-ruom: daily papers. ;'ii ilay n.
\V* INCHtsIKK MOUSE, 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
'» Maricei-. 200 rooms, 25c a night: reading-
room: in* hm and ba~r««re to and from the ferry
AGKNTS WANTED.
AGENTS !-A BOOK WRITTEN BY tiEN-
eral Miles, commnnder-In-ctiief of tlie United
States army; fu I of l'4eiesting Indian experiences
by thereat Indian rlghter: one agent's commls-
aions over $40 the first SI days. F. I E riso.-., aigr
subscription Department, Tue Whitaker <fc Ray
Company, 723 Market st.
LADIES TO HANDLE THE FAMOUS BEAU-
titiivs, Egvptlan Enamel, Medicated Cerate.
BUT I. Kit, 131 Post st
BOARDING WANTED.
I)O'JM AND BOAKD WANTKD FOR LADY
t and 2 chiia>en, 3 and 5. Address 8 Essex at.,
Rincon Hill.
ROOMS WAN TED.'
ar ASTED-fiT , PHYSICIAN FURNISHED
»» room*, well lighted, for an office on or near
Market .it.; to De occupied from ; -z to i p. v. each
day only. Address Dr. BLUKTT, box MM, Call.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS. ■'}
W^^AN * : =^n^^vlSoSr r TIJDRESS~T7
W. J.; box 87, Call Office.
pONFE«JTIOXER'8 COPPER KETTLK.CH A R-
KJ coal furnace and slab; cheap, .k., 11J5 Mis-
sion at. / '
UUILDIMUS BOIUUT: LUiIBJiR, SASHES.
U doon, mantels, etc, for sale. ; 1168 Mission s:T
BKLI4 YOUR BOOKS, ' clothing AAJU3KW-.
O elnr MA. JO^US*. 109 &in m; aend postal.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
WHAT IS YOUR VOCATION?
HAVE YOU PROSPERED?
WHAT ARE YOUR HOPES?
Mrs. DR. F. CLARK will lift the dark veil of
your future life; she fives you valuable ADVICE
»nd AID In all affairs of life, of private as well as
of business nature as, for in tance, pertaining to
Love, Matrimony, Friendship, Kusiness, Lawsuits,
Contested Wills, Divorce. Damage Suits. Claims.
Journeys. >pecu!«t.ions, Miniug, etc.
Sh* discovers lost or stolen property, finds buried
treasures, prevents sickness misfortune: recon-
ciles the separate!!, thus res;oring lost happiness.
Every peisou i< adapted to some particular busi-
ness, profession or rtuie, which may justly be term-
ed tnei • iru= vocation, and yet more tuan half of
you are fighting against an unknown fate for fame,
lortune and position which you do not and cannot
obtain until you fiud your true vocation.
office hours. 9 to 6 daily and Sunday. Send
stamp for circular and special terms. MRS. DR.
*■ CLAKK, l'JO6 Market su, ban Francisco.
FREE. FREE. FREE.
» ,o FOR TWO DAYS ONLY,
April 19 and 20, from 10 a. m. to 3 p. if. Perma-
nently located. Now is the time to comult MRS.
iN ASH.
This celebrated medium, the clairvoyant of all
clairvoyants, who sees it all, tells you all and in-
stantly elves you peace and happiness. 1 never
as* ix question, but before you utter a word I tell
your name, names In full of all that you are inter-
ested in, all dates, f.cts, etc. I tell you who are
true to you and who are false, what hopes you
may have winning your desires and what obsta-
cle* are in your way and how to remove them.
How to make tne best of your talents and pros-
per. How to get money. I flud lost articles and
locate hidden treasure. Before entering Into butt-
ness, law, divorce or marriage consult me. Drive
away evil spells, stumbling blocks, bad luck and
habits, and overcome all evil works, rivals and
enemies. I never fail. I have brouaht about
more happiness than all othtr mediums, others
are be helped: why not you? If you are going to
see a medium, why no: see the very best? It costs
no more. Notiiing to be pal.l in advance, and l If
not entire! satisfactory nothing at all. Do you
desire anything fairer than th»t? Residence, 4 'iO
Eddy St., between l.eavenwortb and ilydu. Office
hours: 9 a. m. to 8 p m.
LADIES RECEIVED ONLY. "
N. — No signs.
MME. ARNDT, THEGRKAT GERMAN FOH-
tune 'filer, the best in the world, can te.l yon
the past and future the best card-reader: she c«n
tell your fortune by Palmistry, the E?g and by
the Planets; will show you a picture of your
future husband or wife, and will tell >ou your
fortune from ihe cradle to the grave. Come and
j-''u will be surprised, she cures all diseases by
sympathy: has never fated, l« the seventh
.sisierof the seven: she has the seven seals. She
is the greatest mind -reader, and can v- 1 you re-
eartiln^ speculations, business and mining; give*
lucky numbers; all family troubles -atlsfactorily
settled, she lias appeared before all the crowned
heads of Kurope from whom ate bas flattering
testimonials. 967 Harrison St., betweeu i ifth
and sixth: price s2sc and upward; office hours 10
A. M. to 8 p. X.
MME. 1»K THOMAS, SCIENTIFIC LiKVii.AU-
er by eggs and cards: tells entire life, past.
present, tntore; consultations on ail affairs; noth-
ing excepted; names given; pood advice; snr*
help; restores lost lovs by synipatny; mistake Im-
possible: fee 91: lettar^a. WT9 Post sL, nr Larlcln.
MME. ARDT. GERMAN FORTUNETELLKf.:
tells pj st and future; gives picture future hus-
band or wlte: fee 25c up. 957 Harrison, nr. Fifth.
MMX MELBOURNE. GIFTED CLAlttVOY-
ant; never fails; call and be convinced. 419
Geary su, room 22, second floor: only 25a
MME. LEGGETTF: PAST AND FUTURE;
business advice: one price, 25c. 311 Tehama.
\\ MX. RAVENA REaDS LIFE FLUENTLY.
X'J business advice; names glv> n; 25c up. 3 Fourtu
MME. WALTERS UF TEHAMA ST. ; CARDS:
ladies 25c, gems 50. 951 Mission, nr. Sixth.
MME. MORICAU, BEST FORTUNE-TELLER,
medium, card-reader; 25c up. 76+ Howard st.
MRS. MELVILLE, WELL-KNOWN CLAlR-
voyant, 51 Fifth st. : water readings specialty.
GYPSY LIFE KEADER. 3 SEVENTH ST.:
ladies 25c, gents 50c; all questions answered.
MISS PKARL RAYMOND, FROM THE
East; magnetic treatment. 7 Grant aye., r. 7.
ErHELGKAY.CLAIRVOYANT.CARDKEAD-
»r and palmist. 1169 Mission at., bet. 7th and bth
MMX. HVBIi.J.K TKI*LS FUOM CP.ADLK TO
grave:picturf»i riren:ladlea a6c: Vli CFarralL
SPIRITUALISM.
MMX. OSMAN, SPIRITUAL MEDIUM. GIVES
messages and advice on ail matters pertain-
ing to more hi v flairs. 838 Mission at.
*DDIE SWAIN'S CIRCLE; HON., WED.,
S\ Fri. evgs.; free sittings to ladies. 114 Jones.
RS. MAY<> STEERS, 112^ OAK: CIRCLES
Tufsday, 8 p. m., Thursday, 2 p. h ; readings.
UEJIOVAL-FRKD EVANS, THE BLATK-
JX writing medium, i« now located at 1122 Market.
MR-. C. J. MEYER, 326 MCALLISTER. TO-
day tests to all: clr. 2 and Bp. v. ; 10c ; sitilngs.
MRS. J. J. V HITNEY, SPIRITUAL MEDIUM,
for messages anO advice. 218 Stockton st.
AM. FUANIIS, I. .DEPENDENT SLATE
. writer 118 Halsrht st: hours » until 6p. it
HYPNOTISM.
TJ YPNOTISM TAUGHT, $5. DISEASES
.LI and habits cured. C'aL Institute, 1346 Market st
HYPNOTISM CURES WHEN ALL ELSE
fails; also taught. Hypnotic Inst., 6 O'FarrelL
PHRENOLOGY.
PROF. BEHRENS READS CHARACTER BY
JL the head of men ana women as an open book;
adaptability in business and marriage. 181 Mont-
gomery st.
LODGING- HOUSES FOB SALE.
tj*> ROOMS, SUNNY CORNER, CLEARING
&£■ $100 $1,500
10-rooui house, fine location 226
14 rooms o<i Van Ness aye, only 460
24 rooms, fine for transient 700
75 rooms, best in the city. 3,500
14 rooms, only 260
14 roonuson sutter 360
7-room house, only 250
H. C DECKER, 1020 Market su, opp. Fifth.
WINSTON <t THOMAS, 646 MARKET ST.
23 rooms: new funiure; $1050.
h7 rooms; corner; rent $75; a bargain.
50 houses from $'.0U to $5000.
Money to loan on inrniture; low rates.
<jW-/\r) LODGiNG-HoUSt OF 23 WKLL-
(ipU\/U. furnished rooms; cheap real; excel-
lent loc tlon ; li you want a bargain see this house.
M. LESS, 5 Fourth st.
GERMAN BOARDING-HOUSE WITH BAR
and 33 rooms; all in best condition; well filled
with steady boanlers: is on a count of sickness;
given away for auy price. Please address A. X.,
box 34. Call.
I.AROAIN— BUSH ST..NEARGRANT AYE.—
D House of 22 rooms, bar, etc.: rent very low:
all large sunny rooms: furniture can be had if de-
sired. SHAI.NWALD, BUCKBKE <fe CO., 218-
-220 Montgomery st.
PA ROOMS; N. OF MARKET: CLEARB OVER
OU $-00 monthly. SPfccK <Sk Ctt, 602 Market.
«_> 1 -ROOM LODGING-HOUSE ON MARKKT
Ol »t.; well filled; must sell. Room 68, 1170
Market st.
$IQfl 6-ROOM I.ODGING-HOUSE; NEW
tJpJLOU. furniture; $18 rent. 367 Jessie st.
m TAYLOR— FOK SALE CHEAP— NEW-
X 1 U ly ftirnisned rooms.
m. j Qf\ 6- ROOM LODGING-HOUSE; NEW
«5)1OU. furniture; $13 rent. 167 Jessie st. *
CAKPET CLEANING.
pARPET-l LEANING, 3c: LAYING, 3c; RUG
\J samples tree: teL Jessie 944. Stratton, 38th
CARPETs CLEANED, RENOVATED LIKK
new. J. McCiUEEN, 4S3 Stevenson. Tel. 5.228.
CITY STEAM CARPET CLEAN INu WOllKM-
cleans, moves, lays carpets. O. 11. STEVEN:*,
M-r. 38 and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 260.
\\[ HEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WIT
•»■ poor work toSPAULDING'S Pioneer
pet-beat 1 115 Worts, 353-57 Tehama st. tel. 80. 4U.
ADVA-NCiU CARPI/r-CLEANIi>a CO. 403
JX Butter; teL Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, prop.
/CARPETS CLEANED A RENOVATED LIKK
View. 23 Tenth; tel. South 36. Mackintosh <& Ca
J WATTS, reliable rarpet-cle»nlus renovti alter-
O . ation works. 413 McAllister. TeL Jessie 321.
JE. MITCHELL. CARPET-CLEANING CO.
. 240 14th su ; cleanln; 3c a yard. TeL Mis. 74.
CONKLIN'S CARPET- BEATING WORKS.
VJ 333 Golden Gate aye. Telephone East l.a.
FURNITURE WANTED.
AT INDIANA AUCTION COMPANY, RE-
moved to 1171 Mission st.. near Eighth, tele-
phone Mint 1393. you 'get highest c»sh paid for
merchandise, furniture, art goons, pianos, libraries
BEST PRICKS FOR FURNITURE, . MDSK..
etc, STREET CRES WELL. Auctioneers, 937
Market st. rm. 3 IB.' Houses bought in their entirety.
TF you want pricks FOR kurni-
J tore nn-t rni-'-hnnilw «■«■«■ rH'Kl' ail l.ar^clT.
PROFESSIONAL CARDS.
JOHN E. KICHARDSC U* OFFICES. ROOMS
O- 26 and 17, Crocker UOUUiiK t*i*vaoiw Hmm
76, Ban Francisco. CaL '
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. CO'DONN ELL, 1206 MARKET; REa
2864 23th St.; diseases of women a specialty.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
flttQ-rA CORNER SALOON: VKRY BEST
«Ir»)Ol/. location; rent, *20: owner keeps 2
places: mast sacrifice; a tirst-c.uss bargain.
WILKE, 783 Market st.
Ul»OA/\ CIGAR--T'»RE; CHOICEST LOCA-
tJ£><*>UV'. tlo i on Market St., b-u Pheian build-
ing and BaM win Hotel, serious sickness compels .
owner to sacrifice. WILKK, 783 Market st.
Q;Ci(\f\ COKNKR SALOON ON KEARNY
«JpDUU. St.; old establlsned and money-m iking
place: few blocks from Chronic c; rent $38; best
business offar. WILKE, 783 Market st.
lit OHO SALOON: ESTABLISHED YEARS;
•JpZUU, close to Thir>! and Market ats.; living-
rooms; rent £50 make offer. WILKE. 783 Market.
<tt 1 PLfl BRANCH BAKERY WITH 3 LlV-
tJpTtllf. ing-rooms; rent $22: a genuine good
business oftVr; daily receipts $14: kept by owner
for years; rarest chance. WILKE, 783 Marvel st.
V±l* \f\ CORNER GROCERY AND BAR;
tJpO '\J. livins? - looms: choicest location in
Western Addition; flrst-ciass paying business;
widow most sacrifice. WILKK, 783 Market st.
HIGHEST CASH PRICE-- PAID FOR FUR-Ml-
lure, restaurant, saloon flxtures and grocer?
stocks. BTENBEKG. 632 Market: tel. main 1043.
<Jfc7^A GROCERY AND BAR; ONEOFTHE
«P I OU. best corners in Mission; large, new
stock: doing good business: low rent; llving-
rtoms: no opposition. bTENBERG «fc CO., 63a
Markei st.
WOOD AND COAL YARD— LARGE STABLE:
central location: will exchange for sma 1 im-
proved ranch. iSTE.NBc.RG it CO., 632 Markeu
<Si fA.fl BUTCHERSHOP: GOOD CORNER
«5> IUU. Western Addition : rent $16 50;
including stao.e: cuts 3 cattle, 14 sheep, 2 calves
weekly; horse, wasou BTKNBKRU, 632 Markeu
Q« 1 AAA KESTAI KANT FOR S .» LE; PART
•T 1 UuU. cash, balance on time; positive proof
that receipts are $900 or mor« per month, cheap
rent. Api ly W. W. 11EALY, 917 Markei St.
ft'>>7f\ RESTAIRANT AND COFFEE S a-
tj) —I O. loon: receipts *10 to $15 per day.
DECKER, 10*0 Market st
fflj^rrv SALOON: OLD ESTABLISHED
tjp ~i«Jv/. place; best location in city; owner been
there 3 years; also 4 rooms including furniture;
kitchen, 2 storerooms and v tine yard: owner has
other business lv country, inquire 617 Sacra-
mento st.
DBBTACKANT; CHEAP; GOOD LOCATION:
-1-V must sell this n:onth ; utensils worth double
askrd; Investigate this. 324 I.arkin st.
Bl TCHh-R-SHOP; GOOD TRADE AND Fix-
ture* Inquire GOLDMEYER, 1105 to 1107
Mission s t-
FINE-PA Y'ING SALOON FOR SALE; CHEAP:
low rent; One ocation: disagreement of part-
ners cause of selling. For particulars, 33 Third.
FOR BALf-:— BARGAIN IN FINE SALOON;
near cliy Hall: must be sold at cue. Answer
D M box 60, Call Office.
ffi»<7r PARTNER IN GOOD BUSINESS;
<p 10. tend store; good outside trade. Apply
223 Fourib st-
■yOUNG WIDOW FROM INDIANA WANTS
-t gentleman purtner. i.ooai 2, 223 Post st.
SALOON. $H.OO: GOKS TO-DAY $400; GOOD
stock. 539 California st.
©1 A f\(\(\ to 9-'o.do'j WANTED IN an
ru>X U.UUU enterprise producing and manufac-
turing a staple ancle of dail consumption having
a steady sale all oocrv c r tins Pacific Coa<t: invest-
ment will yield handsome profit and at least 6 per
cent, p yable monthly, will be gu ranteed If in-
vestor cannot gve active S'-rvice s at fair compen-
sation at some one|ur| principal cities "of the coast.
Address H. M.. box 148, this oUice.
T^XPERIENCF.D GROCKRYMAN WITH
-Li about 9500, to invest in »n established grocery
store; good c hance for reliable, sober man. B. a.,
box 43, Call Office.
CT KOCERY AND BAR FOR SALE; TWO
T b'nc;s from Mark-t st. Inquire CARTAN
MCCARTHY <fc CO., 312 Sacramento st.
ffIJ4FLH DRY GOODS, NOTIONS, UNDKR-
«fi)T"OvF. wear: good business, splendid fixtures.
cases; cheap at 9700; mu3t be sod. Apply Call
Office.
I^OK SALE— CONNER GROCERY AND BAR
X in Mission : well stocked and good trade; cheap
rent. Apply 224 Front st.
CORNER GROCERY AND BAR FOR BALE
at a bargain; fine .ocation; low rent. Address
M. B , box 30, Call.
CIGAR STOKE AT .» BARGAIN. INQUIRE
827 Front st., room 1.
CANDY AND ICKCREAM STAND; KSTAR-
llshed: will sell cheap or exchange. 403 Jones.
IN 1 EI-tIOK AGENi V OF A SAN FKANCISCO
morning paper. 160 Howard st., city.
( Bi^fin nTO $8000 WILL BUY AN INTER.
igUJUW est In a profitable, legitimate business
in this city: a big bargain that ac dona offers to a
competent person who can take charge: part cash
can remain If so desired: none bu: nrmcipal, need
answer; references exchanged. Address F., box
.10. this office.
KINDERGARTEN ANI» GKADKD SCHOOIj
for sale; good location; school well estab-
lished; sickness of principal cause of selling. Ad-
dress K. G., box 140. Call Offlce.
ffl?/innn GROCERY and BAR DOING
<p jtv/VU. cash trade $100 daily: full value In
stock and fixtures: rent low; best reasons for sell-
Ing. Apply this office.
©OK() CORNER GROCERY AND BAR IX
tJpOc".'. Hayes Valler; good business for right
party; owner in poor health. Apply 437 Grove
St., cor. Get a via.
aiji on provision and delicacy
tID-LOV/. s:ore: cor. Twenty-fifth and Shot well
sts.; 4 living-rooms and bath; rent $14. Inquire
on premises.
SALOON— OLD ESTABLISHED, GOOD LO-
catlon, 8 rooms, kitchen, including furniture;
rooms bring rent: cheap. Cor. Battery and Pacific.
VOR SALE— HOME BAKERY DOING GOOD
J business; suitable for man and wife; will bear
Inspection. Address Coll Office.
BUTCHER-SHOP TO LET; FIXTURES-
Western Addition. 1208 Scott sl, near Eddy :
key upstairs. *
V, OR SALK CHEAP— NEW RESTAURANT
J. in leading street. 133 Powell st.
BARGAIN; FEiTAURANT; MUSTBESOLa
Apply 145 Vjfth st.
ri OOD-PAYING SALOON FOR SALE. 2ia
VJf lownsend st.
O EALED BID> RKQUFSTED FOR FIXTURFS
O and stocic of merchandse, consisting of dry
goods, notions, etc, of NATHAN SISTERS, Mo-
desto; inventory of st.-ck may be seen at office of
SCHWE TZER & t tt. » Battery at.; bids to ba
opened Apri -2, at 12 o'clock noon; right re-
served to rfject any or all bids: all bids must be
accompanied with certified checK of 10 per cent of
amount bid.
Ofc'lOh CIGAR ANH STATIONERY STORE
W 'J\J\J. clearing over $100 p^r month above alt
expenses; value in light; trial given; cheap rent,
lmludine living rooms: this is a bargain; investi-
gation solicited. Address C. * box 141, Ca1l Office,
VINE CHANCE— ELEGANTLY FITTEDOUT
J saloon: good location; cheip rent. Inquire at
SCULLY & SON, 420 Sacramento st.
a>ftXA FOR SALE; OLD-ESTABLISHED
*ipi)*J\J. cofTee-saloon and restaurant in one ot
the leading streets. Aj ply this office.
CANDY, ICECREAM AND FACTORY ; FlRST-
class location; reasonable. Appiy Call Office.
YOUSG WIDOW WANTS A GENTLEMAX
X partner: small capital. Room 8, 207 lost st.
GOOIJ-FAYING RESTAURANT FOR SALE;
owner has other business. Apply 210 Drumm.
GOOD PAYING FRUITSTOP.E FOR SALK
cheap. Apply Call ufflc.-.
ipOR SALE —SACRAMENTO AGENCY OP
this paper. For particulars inquire Call Office.
pHOJNIX RESTAURANT, 2130 FILMORB
A. St. ; price $150; cause disagreement of partners.
YOI'MO LADY, RECENTLY FROM THE
-L East, desires gentleman partner. 850 Market
st., room s.
DESTADRANT AND COFFEE HOUSE FOB
At sale; good steady trade; owner going to tha
old country. -0- Townsend st., opposite depot.
VOR SALE— A WKLL-PAYJNG SAUSAOK
JT factory and delicacies store on Market su; on
account of sickness. Inquire < all Office.
pOUNTRY HOTEL FOR SALK OK RENT; 15
V^ bedrooms: bar; range, etc.; good opening. Ap-
ply RUDOLF GKAEK, Uilroy, Cai.
PORTLAND AGENCY THIS PAPER. IX-
X quire this office or at 133 Third st., Portland,
Oregon. . "
CANDY, ICECREAM, STATIONERY AND
notion store for sale; Fourth si., near broMtt -
gauge depot. .\dJress A. PILTZ, ban li.utael,«Cai,
IpINE EXPRESS TEAM AND WaGOjT;
. most be sold at once. 211 Larkln st.
HALF INTEREST in horseskokisg.
shop; cheap, account sickness. 329 Eddy st. -
ITY KOUi'ii iuit sajLji. ApPlTv TiiJ.4
Office. .
" FURNITURE FOR SALE.
VURNITURE 4-ROOll FLAT, 475- KENT-
J ' ■ 1 *»: 2 rooms rented $5 each until May' L
1914 V» Centra? aye. * *•
OF.C OAK ST.; FDRNITURE, 6 ROOMS^
&O cheap for cash if so d to-day; rent riaT !
UURNITURE, STOVES CAKPKTS. COUn"
T ters, showcases a>DERSon, Hal Market.*
OAVE MONEY-BUY I'ORNITCKE PRi^
O Buckingham Fur. Co., 866 Mission" advaS
H o ,^,^ 1101^ 11 "ANOES AUK THE VV*-n'
JOHX F. MJSYKRSCO., 947M»ttot«.HOUSES TO LET.
QROK tw e k TH StT^albOVE~\^ALKnl
« JlJ — «J cia— Fine two-story dwellug, with bath;
rentcheHi>. Apply 3035 Twentieth si.
TTOTJ-E OK 6 ROOMS; NEWLY RENO-
-1 Anted: 1205VJ. Gadeu Gate aye. Apply 1.05
GolAon Gate aye.
*i\\) WATKIt FRKK; KLEGANT HOUSE,
«i! 'l v '« S rooms: a.i the lutes: improvements:
f res^otns, etc. 815 Golden Gate aye.
\ C it NT.- V HOME IN THE CITY; HOUSE
-iV of 10 rooms, large grounds, stable, etc. ; rent
reasonable to resionsible tenant; no wind or fog.
c orner South Brodenck st. end Buena Vista aye.
SUNNY 10-KOOM HOUSK: MODKRN 111-
-provements; lcwr<nt. 5522 Mneteeuth St.
Q] ( TO LET. CHEAP-A 6-KOOM HOUSE
J-T.a:id baseruent. 1145 Folsom s:., b*;U
•-eventh and Eigh.h.
I ROOMS AND KITCHEN; FIRST FLOOR.
'-I 28*2 Na.omasL.. neartourih.
HOUBJ s '1O BBNT FOB YKKY LITTLE
money at BALDWIN & HOWELL'S, 10
r-.outgotnery st.
1 99; BUSH — SUNNY HOUSE; 9 ROOMS;
-» —— \ ' yard: rent reasonable to a pood tenant.
iIKMSHKI) I'LATS.
SS>9 PA FOR ADULTS, 4 COMFORTABLE I
--.i)U. rooms; b-tn; 2 bedi; 2 stoves: gas
ftnd coaL 1917 Gear. • .-:. StaHK j
AN RAFAEL— SO FUKNISHJBn HOUSES; I
iO rents reduced. GEO. D. SHEARER & CO., san
Rat.-.el, opposite broad-K!>uee depot: open Sundays j
COTTAGES TO LET.
<) NICE 4-ROOM COTTAGES, LARGE BASE-
— ment and yard; ren: $9. Harry place, Luguua,
between filbert and Greenwich sis *
(IWQ m COTTAGE: 181/2 PROSPBCT AVB.
QU.OU. Enquire groctry, corner Powell aye.,
bet. i weuty-seveuih and Twenty-eighth sis.
«J SUNNY BOOMJSJ YARD; BASEMENT;
• ) cheap to small lamily. l-3JVs Folsom St.,
tear Ninth.
TTTTi ANDSB 50; 2 COTTAGES: 11 RUSSELL
■; 1U s . 3 Tay at., off Clay, near Mason. :
SUNNY COKNER COTTAGE, 6 it.. BATH,
lnrge yard; low rent. Corner Capp and
Twenty-third.
k f> SUNNY MODERN 4 AND 6 ROOM COT-
i — mses; rent very reasonable. 800b Webster.
TO LET- COTTAGE 5 ROOMS AND BATH;
rent $18. 449 Bryant st.
FLATS TO LET;
QQA 6 LARGE ROOMS; 2 STORY, WITH
O--"« large yard and stable; 4144 Twenty- fcfth
tt., near Castro.
$18—6 rooms: porcelain bath; 1417 Guerrero
el, near Twenty-sixth.
$15— Lower flat: 1411 Guerrero st., near Army;
. 5 rooms; porcelain.
*.>1 CM O'FARKELL, NEAR BRODERICK—
— lO"i Sunny side: large 5-room flat, with oath
and other modern conveniences: has two large
Bt-para:e rear rooms: rent reduced to $-0; must
be .seen to be appreciated.
"L""LAT 3 LAKGB BUSHY ROOMS: CELLAR;
-T $;>. 29 Ringoid su, near Ninth and Folsom.
T)ARELY BEAUTIFUL; NW. COR. BUTTER
Xt nnd Scott sis-: 6 biz rooms; $27 50; water
free'; appreciated if seen. Key 23U0 Sutler St.,
cor. Scott. SB*29
TAPPER FLAT 6 SUNNY KOOMS AND BATH:
U rent $20. 7 Tond sL. intersection Market und
bixteenth.
VtAT FLAT 6 BUNNY ROOMS. ?15: ALSO
j-1 sunny cottage, $11. Key 623 :-ecoua sU
OUNNY. MODERN: 7 LARGK KOOMS: DIN-
O Ing-room; fine view. 72i» Oak. near I i;lmore.
V£W FLAT OF 7 SUNNY ROOMS AND
IN bath: modern improvements. 3435 Twen-
tieth St., bet Howard an Capp.
r.in SUNNY FLAT: S ROOMS, BATH AND
• _ J _.. basement: marine view, 11l Cherry St.,
let \\ ashington and Jackson.
mo LET— FLAT OF 5 ROOMS AND ALL
- -L modern conveniences: rent $22. 613 _roderick.
BEAUTIFUL SUNNY FLAT: 8 ROOMS AND
bat a. 3-3 Van Ness aye., cor. Fuiton st.
17»lfV FILL-OKE — VERY SUNNY; 6
I .U rooms; all modern: large yard; cars.
Cj 1 O 14-513 SACRAMENTO ST.. NEAR
t^ 1 —O. Hyde; 5 rooms and bath; nice yard.
MODERN-BUILT FLAT; 6 ROOMS AND
bath; sun all day. 919Cappst.
Il9n OAK. NEAR PARK— 3-KOOM FLAT;
. U_.U S9; nice order.
'7 r- , rx — rPPBR FLAT; 7 CHOICE
JJ i v sunny rooms; modern; garden: 527 50.
<!• 1 O UPPER FLAT; 5 ROOMS AND BATH,
0 J O. 16-5% Pine si , above Vjfn Ness aye.
1(\ 3TO 5-ROO.M COTTAGES AND FLATS $6
10 to $12. ePECK _ CO., 602 Market st.
OATS TO LKT FOR VERY LITTLE
' money at BALDWIN <_ iIOW ELL'S, 10 Mont-
comery 6t.
1 Tf\(i POST— 3, 4 AND 5 ROOM FLATS;
i I UU baths; garden; rent $15.
-C.-I r LOWER FLAT: 543 CASTRO, NEAR
_IJ. 19th: 5 rooms: porcelain bath.
HEAP MODERN FLATS, _ AND 6
rooms, (3 10 $16; see them. &23 seventh st.
, « WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — TEH
A WEEKLY CALL, la ttraoDcr. or r_a_tn_
BOCS£K£EPI>'O KOOMB.
liuay Street.
Ql C EDDY-2 OR 3 UNFURNISHED OK
OLO furnished rooms; private family.
! Eighth Street.
I ]O EIGHTH-4 FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
11- housekeeping.
Essex Street.
C ESSEX— 3 OR 4 ROOMS FURNISHED AND I
0 large yard.
-ltth stress.
1 A- FIFTH— PLEASANT SUNNY UNFUR-
iU 1 nished rooms to let.
°1 A FIFTH — SUNNY FRONT BEDROOM
•")-_. and kitchen; bath; no children; private;
811. __^
, iJDI FIFTH— FRONT ROOM AND KITCH-
tr«£O2 en; furnished for housekeeping: first floor. |
A oltom .Street.
1941 FOLSOM — BAY-WINDOW ROOMS, 2
J — « 1 or 4, complete; $10 up; children taken; ■
yard. !
f- : _;
/ drove Street.
"< 190 GROVE — 2 CONNECTING SUNNY
\ J — O housekeeping rooms.
Howard Street.
fr 99 HOWARD-UNFURNISHED HOUSE-
; «J —— « keeping rooms; $2 to $10 month; water
free.
71 A HOWARD— FRONT ROOM. FOR
I _._: light housekeeping; also single.
9HHQ HOWAKD— FURNISHED ROOMS
-vuO for light housekpg; gas; private family.
• .'«■(.»,,. Street.
070 JESSIE. NEAR FIFTH— 2 ROOMS, COM-
-010 pietely furnished for housekeeping, only
*10.
Lafayette Street.
011 LAFAYETTE. BET. 11TH AND 12TH—
Ol 2 2 large rooms for Housekeeping; rent $7.
Liurkiii > reo..
Onft LARKIN-ELKGANT SUNNY HOUSE-
O_.U keeping apartments; first floor; central-
' bath.
*OQ LARKIN ST. -SUNNY FURNISHED
I^.U rooms for tousekeepiug; also single; rent
low.
X Market Street.
9DQR MARKI - T -^ 3 HANDSOMELY
_. \JO V lurnished sunny rooms for housekeeping.
McAllister Street.
1 fid MCALLISTER— PARLOR FLOOR- 4
XV/1 U large modern .sunny rooms, completely
furnished; no room»rs; gts, bath; rent cheap.
■', — : ■ . — -
jJJiin« Street.
. Xjr» MINNA - FURNISHED ROOMB FOR
'OrLXj housekeeping; large yard.
f Mission Street.
C-) 1 MISSION — LakipE SUNNY SUITE
, I —I complete for housekeeping, $10.
" .O^Q MISSION—-- EN IE NT HOUSE-
t<-><Jft keeping rooms, modernly furnished; also
I o:hers.
\Q(-'O MISSION— PLEASANT SUNNY HOUSE-
\<-)UU keeping rooms.
EA>T LYNN. 3063 MISSION - ELEGANT
front suite; other rooms; gss; $(5 up.
."1 "I 1 Q MISSION —NICELY .FURNISHED
J--L -L <J rooms from $5 up per month.
1 1 Qr; MISSION-FURNJBHKDbUITESFOR
■ J-f-'J*-' housekeeping; counseling; from »9 to
5->O. H_BB____R________H___ I
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS — Continued.
'NHtuma Street.
C ?:(T NATOMA-2 SUITEB HOUSEKEEPING
000 rooms; $8 and $10: yard.
>iut it • reec.
m NINTH— NICELY FURNISHED BAY-
wji.dow suite for housekeeping; folding-
bed; no dogs; apply middle flat.
. I'oivell Street.
Q1 Q POWELL, XX. Cx^AY— ROOMS UN-
t/J.«7 furnished for housekeeping; top floor.
fcevtiith Street.
1 AC\ SEVENTH (GIKARD)— SUITES AND
X i .<-. kltcnens:also single rooms;newl* renovated
>oui h Paris.
"I (* SOUTH PARK^i OR 3 WELL VV R-
J. U nished sunny housekeeping rooms: also
single,
fctocktoit Street.
"I 703 STOCKTON— 2 CONNECTING BOOMS
X I v/o furnished complete for housekeeping-
yard; cheap.
Tenth Street.
m TENTH, NR. MARKET— I OR 2 LARGE
front rooms; housekeeping if desired.
IOX TENTH— LARGE WELL- KURNISHED
l—O room; grate, gas and bath: $d.
Third Street.
>1 A Q THIRD— SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
x tI«J rooms: complete; b^th; gas; &'2 50 a week.
atu 2««n!i a venae.
"I A9l VAN NESS~AVE.. NR. GEARY— 3
1"*- 1 sunny furnished rooms; gas; range; com- ;
plete: $20.
Miscellaneous.
P. 97 MONTGOMERY, COR. CLAY — OPEN
O~ I until »:3u o'clock: branch office ot Th»
Caix: subscriptions and want ads taken.
BOOMS TO LET.
Bryant Avenue.
O*7l Q BRYANT AYE.. NEAR TWKNTY-
~I 1O fifth— Lovely furnished looms; buuuy;
near school; ?1 —
Jiucbanan Street.
■I enn BUCHANAN (REAR)— 3 BOOMS, UN-
-10 — 0 furnislied; rent $7.
— , ■
California Street.
7HQ CALIFORNIA — FURNISHED BOOMS;
i UO sunny; bay view; bath and gas; rent from
$4 up.
Eddy Street.
n-l Q FURNISHED LARGE FRONT
I) J.i/ bay-window and large sonny back room:
also single.
Ql 7 EDDY— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
• '14 connecting housekeeping rooms; splendid
location.
Eighth Street.
CHERMAS APARTMENT HOUSE. 79 BTH
O ft., near Market: famished and unfurnished.
3] A EIGHTH. NKAR FtILSOM-3 LARGE
lv rooms: rent $10.
t i-iiis Street.
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 ELLIS— INCANDES-
cent lights; reading-room, smoking-room and
ladles' parlor: rooms per night. 85c to $150:
week. t2 to 98: month, $8 to $30; elevator on
office floor; rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
OVAL EAGLE. OPP. BALDWIN— NKWLY
ROYAL EAGLK, OPP. BALDWIN— NEWLY
furnished suites: single; elevator, beaters, etc.
a- xi tli street.
THE COSMOPOLITAN — SELECT FAMILY
X hotel: 100 Fifth St., cor. Mission: rooms
tOe, 75c and $1 per night: *2 to 85 per week.
i ,
tuiton Street.
3 FULTON (FULTON HOUSE) — NICELY
furnished rms; sing.c or en suite; $8 & $10 up.
Oeary Street.
Ql X GEARY— a NICE SUNNY ROOMS;
VlfJ n«nlv renovated; gentlemen preferred;
rent moderate.
Howard Street.
9Hn t -'°* HOWARD AND ELEVENTH—
tvu Newly furnished rooms; gents on y.
QCQ HOWARD — best rooms IN THE
VOO city for the least money: open all -Ight.
1 1 90 HOWARD— CLEAN, QUIET SUNNY
±JLJO rooms; folding bed; closets; Soup.
done- Street.
Kfj' JONES-PLEASANT SUNNY SUITE;
O\JO with kitchen or without.
< ■
Ktitrny Street.
A PLINGTON HOUSE. 127 KEABST —
_-. Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first
class in every respect: term* reasonable.
—-—————-——————-————————————————_____—
4 i.arkm Street.
tnn LARKIN — SUNNY CORNER FUR-
O\J\J nished front room.
Maiket street.
"\~OSEMITE HOUPE. 1045 MARKET— PER
X night, 35c to $1: week, $1 50 to ss: families.
I Z\f\R MARKET-S U N N V ROOMS. FUR-
JLc/V/O nished or unfurnished, suitable offices.
-.!•!..:, Ml'Od..
y«QQ MINNA — 2 SINGLE FURNISHED
Tot/ rooms; $4 a month.
CCQI MINNA— NICE SUNNY FURNISHED
IWO3 rooms; private family ; rent reasonable.
Can MINNA, COR. El .HTH-NEWL.Y FUK-
UU I nlshed bay-window room; $1 per week.
&l is si on street.
MO MISSION— NICELY FURNISHED SUN-
U»>.~ ny rooms: a quiet place; prices reasonable.
HANCOCK HOUSK, 78l MISSION; SELECT
iamliy rooming-house; $1 CO to $ 6 per week.
fine Stree..
r»9l PINE-ROOMS FOR GENTLEMEN; *6
O_JL up; running water; sunny, quiet, respect-
able.
lost Street.
"DANTOLPH HOUSE, POST AND MASON
II sts.— so bay-window parlors; smaller rooms;
gas, running water, etc. : $1 50 10 $4 per week.
POST— ELEGANT FURNI KD ROOMS,
U—.— bath, hot and cold water, {8; sunny suites.
ICid POST— 2 ROOMS (PARLOR FLOOR)
I UU for man and wife or (t<>ntiem»n: hot and
cold water; bath; private fami.y; $10 and 15.
i on«a Street.
Ino POWELL — LARGE BUNNY FRONT
J— O room; suitable for doctor's ol_ce; or pri-
vate.
tixili .S;res..
99 SIXTH— THE HILLSDALE-QUIET, BUN-
-00 ny single rooms: transients solicited.
THE PIEDMONT, 119 a SIXTH— NICE SUN-
ny rooms: modern conveniences. ■
Stevenson Street,
£1 1 STEVENSON-SINGLE AND DOUBLE
1)1 1 rooms, private family; house newly occu-
pied; cheap rent.
Stockton Place.
rnHR European! IV stockton— fur-
J- nisned rooms, single, fl 50 to $3 per week;
suites, $4 to £9 per week; by the night, 60c to 92;
bot and cold water, bath and elevator.
Taylor Street.
1 no TAYLOR— NICELY FURNIBHED SUN-
-LV/O ny front room; ; also back parlor.
"I (\Q TAYLOR-LAKGE ROOMS; $1 75 SUN-
±\JV ny single; 91 25 and $1 50 week.
'lehuma Street.
41 Xl TKHAMA, NEAP. FIFTH — NICELY
"'"2 f jrmshefi large front room, suitable for
one or two young men.
_• Turk Street.
f\AO TURK— RUNNY FURNISHED ROOM;
010 folding-bed; running water; grate, gas and
bath; $10.
Miscellaneous.
E LEU ANT FURNISHED ROOMS, WITH OR
XJ without board, near Morton Station, Alameda.
Address A. H., box 126, Call.
■VT CELY rCHSHHKI) . SITTING - ROOM-
-LV small bedroom; uss of kitchen; $7 month. • G
1/. H.. box 21. 1. all.
CHILDREN BOAKDED.
ERMAN LADY WANTS TO BOARD A
VJ baby; age 1 week up; terms reasonable: best
references at nurse. . MtiS. . WEGNEK, 1240 Va-
lencia at.. up-.!a!rs. • .
GOOD HOME FOR 2 OB 3 CHILDREN-
J French family. 1236 Park aye., Alameaa
narrow- Park-st. station.
"PLEASANT HOME FOX CHILD, NOT UNDEB
i 4 years of age, at 1727 JicAUister it.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 19, 1897.
BOAROINU ANU BOOMS.
/GENTLEMAN TO ROOM AND BOABD;
VJ pleasant summer location;: private family;
home comfort. Call corner Bray avenue and Old
County Road, Frultvale, Atameda County.
QQQOEAKY— SINGLE ROOM WITH BOARD,
t/OOSsSO; for wo from $50. :
!Tf\9 VAN NESS-NICELY FURNISHED
iJvJ-j parlor suite: also singe: board optional.
, OaRD AND ROOM FOR 2 YOU.NG MEN
■ la private family; half a block from the Mint.
Addre*s A., box 85, Call Office. . r
HOVEL BKKTLING, 714 BUSH— A FAMILY
hotel; refer nces; all modern conveniences;
j Ralston tab.c-s, if desired; new management.
Ql\Q VAN NESS AVK NKWLY FUR-
CUO Dished ninny rooms or suite, with board.
(719 POST— 2 LAK'iE SUNNY ROOMS, WITH
I 1 — board, fur -*;-I>l3 up; use parlor and piano.
OTEL FAIRMOUNT, 1714 MARKET— NOW
open under new management: has been ar-
tlstli ally limed, papered nnd elegantly furnished
throughout; hot and cold water in every room:
elevators and every modern convenience; parties
cow can have choice or carpets and fuinl.ure; the
table, under (he supervision of Kowaslcle. the
well-known French chef, will b» unsurpassed.
STORES TO LET.
STORK. WlTii FIXTLRKS. LI VING-KOOMS
::ud cellar. 8652 Twenty-third st., next to cor-
ner of Guerrero.
TORE, CORNER GUERRERO ANDTWKN-
O ty-thlrd its. ; remei-t basement; good location
lor druggist or other business.
tlO/ 1 ' ELLIS— STORK TO IET; RENT «15.
+-£*\) ADply next door, WILLIAM MUND
Watchmaker. "
STORE AND 3 ROOMS: WATER FREE. 456
O Sixth st.
QQ STOKE. WITH STABLE ATTACHED;
K?O. sui able for fruit or produce; opposite de-
pot, Twenty-fifth sU
TORE WITH 2 ROOMS; RENT CHEAP.
118 Fillmore.
£99 GEARY-NICE HI ORE WITH ROOMS-
\J£*£i downtown; $25.
SAN RAFAEL— STORES TO L*. I : LOCA-
lions suitable for furniture and upholstery,
fruits and vegetables, candy and notions. Gl-O
D. MIKARKK & CO., Real t eta c Agents, San
Rafael; opposite broadgauge depot; open Sundays.
IARGK STORE, 2 SHOW WINDOW'S AND
J 4 large rooms: rent on'y $22 .SO. 422 Sixth.
OFFICES TO " LET.
SPRECKELS BUILDING, 927 MAKKETST.;
llKhi, pheasant oilices: cheap. ASH TON &
GARDINEit, room 210. or at 411 Montgomery.
HORSES.
LADY'S HORSK AND TOP BUGGY FOR
XJ sale cheap. Devisadero-st. staole.nr.McAllister.
,"T/\ HORSES FOU SALE: WAGONS AND
O\J harness, at car stables, 721 Howard st. : auc-
tion every Tuesday.
FOR SALE— A BAY MARE 7 YEARS OLD;
sound; in good condition: A 1 roadster; single
or double. Olympic Stables. 503 tutter st.
A UCTION BALES EVERY SATURDAY AT
■I\. 11 o'clock of horses, bungles, wagons, harness,
etc. Emporium sales yards, 220 Valencia st., a.
WATKISs, auctioneer.
Al\ HOUSES FOR SALE; ALSO WAGONS.
"" buggies, carls, harness: Grand Arcade Hors*
Market, 327 Sixth St.: ruction tales every Wed-
nesday. bULLIVAN A DOYLE, Auctioneers.
T EIBOLD HARNESS COMPANY; 500 SETS
XJ of quod harness, onr own make, of every de-
scription, for less money than you can buy Eastern
trash; send for catalogue. 110 McAllister st-, S. F.
r rj HEAD OF HORSES SUITABLE FOR ANY
Übusiness 900 to 1500 pounds. O.d TurK-su car
Etables. 1301 Turk: team of Jurce .voun; mules.
WAGONS AND : CARRIAGES.
TEA, COFFEE AND SPICK WAGON; 1 NEW
peddling wagon; cheap. 1340 Turk st.
"YTrWAND !-ECOND-HAND BAKER, LACN-
i-> dry and milk wagon: also fine top buggy ana
rockaway. B'.'S Harrison st.
; """"""^
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
4 f-OLITAIRE DIAMOND RING FOR «25,
-f\.. worth $50 UNCLK HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
SOLITAIRE DIAMOND RINO FOR $35;
woilh $65 Uncle Harris, 16 Cirant aye.
QrOA AERMOTKR WINDMILL AND 2000-
-vpt/yf. gallon tank, in good condition, together
with gnlvanized ptpUK fur sale. Ajipiy of the
owner, 1-824 Nlueteemb st.
V>LAT FOR SALE IN MOUNTAIN VIEW
X Cemetery, cheap. W., Ca.l Office, Oakland.
PHOTO LENSKS, CHEMICALS FRAMES;
X developing and printing done ch^&p. 708 Turk.
QI (' DOMESTIC SEWING MACHINE IX
«£)1-U. goad order. 1915 Mission st., bet. Fif-
teenth and sixteenth.
LATHES, PLANERS, BHAPKBS, DUILL
presses and gas en^inrs: secondhand. Ameri-
can Iron Works, 515 Sixth at.
SODA FOUNTAIN, WO: COST $lO0; CKEAM
separator (No. 'i baby); use only 4 mouths;
«80: cost $150 new. 158 second s:., S. F.
IfUNE NEWFOUNDLAND DOG; YOUNfJ;
thorough watch dog. Apuly PH.ILLIPE, 514
Bush s:.
1 AUNCH FOR SALE; '.'S FhET, 6^ BEAM-
Xj cabin; 6 horsepower; $900; new. L, box -il
C«U 1 ilii:e.
|)AMBLER BICYCLK FOR SaLK; IN GOOD
It order; price $12. Totter Machine Works, 114
First si.
FINE SEAL-KIN JACKKT FOII SlOO, COST
¥250. Uncie ilarrls, 15 UraDt aye.
SAFES— NEW AND SECOND-HAND. 609
Market st.
BICYCLES, NEW. HIGH GRADES. $45; 810
bargains in second-hands. Waverley Retail,
216 McAllister at. Wholesa c, 61 First su
/--FOOT PORCELAIN BA'l HTUBS CIU EACH;
U in perfect order. H. & WUJ 'X, 51b Mission
V KW CASH-Kl- GlSTEttrs FUK SALr. (-RTO
i-i rent. MAGUIRr., 130 Sansoro-! s:., room 9.
I>(JILERs,i;NuI.NEs,-i>HANiJ jIACHINERV
XJ water-pipes. Mclntosh & Wolpman. 137 Beal*
IjUNE BLACK SUIT; $12 60. MlSilTcLUlH-
ing parlors, 513 Montgomery su
pOFKEE MILL. SCALKs. LKTTKU VKESat
\J Eland desk, money UU, safe; cheap. 102 Clar.
BAKS, SUOWCASKS, COUNTERS. bHKLV-
Ing, etc., bought aud soid. 1063 Mission, ur. 7th.
LA i-i.l. DOUBLE OUMKAiITIU£JiX COIN
bank safe; chea,>. k Mission st.
l/AHS, BACK BARS. MIKKOKS. SHOW-
i-> cases, rounters, llnolenm, office furniture,
• tore and office furniture aud fixtures, vow a;id
second haud. J. NuONAiN', IOH-iyib-ioji-luij
ilissiou su, above Sixth.
MEW ELMWOOD RANGES ARE THE BEST
XI W. S. KAY MFG. CO. la California st.
ONE SMALL MEDIUM AND LAiIUE-SIZE
nre and burglar proof safe. 109-111 Market a-
DENTISTS.
VAN VKOOM ds CO.'S KLECTRO- DENTaL
* l'ailors, 897 Market su : lady attendant; no gas
or oiher dangerous :-n»'3thetlcH given; electric
the great agent used 10 relieve paiu: teeth filled
ai.d extracted painlessly by our new electrical
process; a written guarantee given with ail work
done; lowest prices. *>est work; all surgical work
attended by G. \V. Williamson. M.D.. paysician
and surgeon: examination free by the use of our
new electrical appliances: porcelain and gold
crowns: bridge-work and teeth- without plates a
specialty. Electro-Dental Parlors, 997 Market st.
pROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 MAR-
VJ ket, bet. 3d and 4th; gajs»peciallsts: painiesi
extracting, with gas, 91; plates, »7 up; fill, $1 p.
FULL SET OF TEETH. $7: WARRANTED 5
years; painless extraction: sec our new combina-
tion plate; thinnest, lightest, coolest plate made-
warranted 10 years: ings. 50c; crowns, $3 oO"
CHICAGO DENTAL PAKLORS, 24 Sixth street
©7 FULL BET TEETH; BEST MAKE-
. »£) I . kept la repair; extracting free; fillings
crown.i, $3 50. Paciiic Dental Parlors, ;1£ Third.
POSITIVELY PA lIS LESS EXTRACTION, Dil.
X HARDING, 600Sutter cor. Powell:tel.malns37s
R. J. J. LEEK, 1128 MARKET Si. . OPKJJ
evenings: Sundays till noon, dentistry taughs
/^OLTON" DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 806 ilAit-
V «*• UK. CHARLE-5 W. DECKER.
Q7 A BET FOR TEETH — W A AS TED AS
O ' sood as can be made: lining $1 DR >iMSi^
eeniist, 630 Market hl. next Baidwlo '1 heater.
15AINLKSS V EXTRACTION. 50o: CUOWS
X nridce work •specialty; plates $5 up: lSvearr
experience. U. L. WALSH. UD.Sx, 815% Geary.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 MARKET ST, NR.
U Eleventh; - no chare' for extracting wna*
plates are mad*: . old plates made over likd new;
teeth from $8 per Ml extracting 50c; gas gtveo.
wi--i' U£ 'lliKi IX «l'l'.ioll n *ti<il> jj»>.
O 11. G. Young," 1841 Polk s:.
"I\K UJtOSUJC W. LEEK. THK GENUINE
XJ Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of improved ■ bridge work or leeta"
»lUioui any plate, moved from &v» lAJ*J FarreUki.
LLWVOBK KKABONABLK AND -WAii'
i nuteo. vs. J. \V, xUS. Y, 1320 auutnu.
PERSONALS.
CE. THOMAS-LEAVE PAPERS AT CALL
. Office. M. MKRtiENS.
T\ETECTIVES FURM-HED ALL BRANCH-
XJ es legitimate work. Mullen's Agency, 20 Ellis.
UE LARG«"ST, THE BEST, THE QUICK-
-1 eit, the neatasl, the cheapest, the largest and
be<t uairdri ssiii- establishment on the coast: the
neatest and politest assistants and ■ artists: the
quickest and cheapest service; halrdresjinp, any
style, is only 25c; switches run from dto $3. G.
Lr.DEKEIf, ill mi>-.,;0.i5;.
THE ONLY SPECIFIC
Baths In ibe world decomposins and removing
Rl mercuri.il or any m neral, vege able or animal
POISONS from the system; you iry them; DR.
NMITH'S KLKCfRt-MAGNEUC BATHS core
RHEUMATIBX] hygienic board; sunny rooms.
1-33 BUCHANAN" Sl\
IJLbsSKD OIU
X> Every wheelman and horseman says that of
vita • IL, aud they know: cures uprnins, bruises
la-neness, soreness and st iY<:ess: 51 boi.; 6, $J;
*10 eal.: ch»r<es prejiaid. 1533 IL'CUAN'.NSr.
UKIVATK DETECTIVE WORK DONE REA-
X sonaby; 10 years' experience; all matters con-
fidential. G. K. WEBsTiiB, 223 bleveusou SU
"1 f\(\(\ IiUS:XKSS CARDS PRINTED, $1 50;
IuUU weaalng work. HILL, 22' A Geary st.
WANTED— OLD GOLD FOR MANUFAC'I US-
*» ing. O. NOLTE, jeweler, 'iii O'Farrell s:.
PUPILS — SPKCIAL KATES; HAIRDKESS-
J. In*; 'Jsc. "Up-to-Late" Hairdressing and Manl-
cur ng Parlors, 10.6 Market, over "The Wooder."
'{.''ACIAL BLEMISH i- *. W KIN KLES, SMALL-
J 1 pox }i:t:i,i: s and superlluous hair removed by
lates: disc "Very; suuken eyes and cheeks filled
oik; laldni ss cured. MUS. E. Kl.\Cj, 524 SutU-r.
DKL'NKr.NXESS- 1 IRK- GUARANTEED;
Gtbyear; book free. Gold Cure, Sacramento, C»L
ADVICE FRKE; DIVOKCE LAW- A SPEC-
lfclty. private; do fee without success: pro-
bate, insolveacy, wl'.ls, collection*, bills of sale'
Carnages, etc : prlv.ue detectives; estab. 10 years.
G.W.HOWE, at-.y-at-law, ilark^t.cor.Stockta
HOME. A *'KI KM) AND MOTHER'S CAKE.
MKSw DR. FUNKE. 1416 t.lghth sL. A'.amedsw
TRY US ON YOUR NEXT SUIT; MODERN
tailoring; lowest prices. 216 Kearny, upstairs.
JOSEPH GKEVE-VSi OPKKA SCH>t)LFUR-
(J nishes solos, dnets, quartets or entire opera acts
for the professional Biage. ana for oratorio, concert
or church as well, on shortest notice. Murphy
building, Market and Jones, rooms lxl and 122.
RHEUMATI^H CUHKU OK MONEY Xt
funded: poor treated free. 305 Eddy st.
p ELI ABLE AND EFFICIENT DKTECTIVE
it service. R<oms 19. 20 and 21, Chronicle bldg.
\] I*S JKSsIE AND LIZZIE KEEUAN.LATE
l»i with G. Lederer. expert, hairdresser, ayeing
and bleaching .< specialty. l24Vs O'Farrell st.,
phone Browu 353.
SUITS TO ORDER ON INSTALLMENTS: fl
a week. N. Y. Tailoring Co., 115 Kearny. upstairs
riIWU RENOWNED ITALIAN REbTAU-
J. rants combined: F. DEL.MONTE A CO.. pro-
prietors of the old Buon Gusto Kegtaurant, 431
i-.roadwav. have consolidated with Mli. A.sul-JL'J
DKLMONTK. proprietor of the celebrated Fior
d'italla at 400-402-434 Broad Aay, Just opposite.
HHUFbCIiMIM. SANITARY PLUMBKR,
• gasiilter. Wi Golden Gale ay. TeL,bulter47L
MAGNISCOPE - NEW PROJECTING MA-
chine; u» s the klnetoscope lllms; price re-
duced, $150. BACIGALLPI, 846 Market st.
L)1O OUTDOOK BTBBJtOPTICOM EVE-
XJ xj nighl cor. Market and Sixth (its.; artistic ad-
vertisements in living light: promoters of busi-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Marketst.
I.>ARTINGTON'S KCHUOL Oi' MAGAZINE
and Newspaper Illustration: particulars as to
terms, etc 424 Pine St.; lliustrauou* :uruiaaou
lor tuK^uzines. newspapers, etc
■pUFTUKE AND PILES CURKD: NO PAY
XV until cored: send for book. DR3. U^v^'a.
FIELD & POKTKRFIELD. K3S Market st.
ELKCTRIO LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM
J Winchester House, 44 Third st* nr. Market;
i.OO room^, 25c to $1 CO per sight; $1 50 to (6 per
neck; free bus and baggage 10 and from the ferry.
piOAK», PUJUi A.\lJ bUITa RETAILED AA'
V* wholesale prices. Factory, 20 Sansomest.
.CHEAPEST AND EEST IN AMERICA— THE
\.> WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address In the
United Stales or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
»ee free
EDUCATIONAL-
» MIEKSOS'S ACADEMY AND SCHOOL OK
xV Matneiuailcs: pupils prepared lv day and
evening classes tia-i by private lessons for Calior-
nia and Stanford universities; teachers,' marine
engineers' and civil «erv:ce examinations: special
ev'g classes: mathematics, mechanical drawing;
high bchooi pupils cuoched. It., 402 Parrot:, bldg.
A SCHOOL OF PHYSICAL CULTURE AND
Elocution. 12JB Octavla »v Franclsca
MISS KUZA MACKINTOSH, inpil of Frof«s«or
G. \\. Baynliam, C.lusgow, Scotland, and graduate
Ot the Sciiool of Oratory. Philadelphia, Pa.,
teacher. Oir.ce days. Friday p. v . Saturday a. m.
HEALD'3 BUSINESS COLLKOE, 24 POST—
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, telegraphy, languages, English branches,
t.ec.rical engineering; "-U teachers: 15.00U craUj-
fates; day and evening sessions; catalogue.
A YRES 1 ." THE LEADING COLLEGE. Vl\
»*- Montfomerr et.: Individual Instructloa i.i
thorlhand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy, eta:
Hie echolarship $50: low rate* cer week and ma.
BELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
I'rlvui.e theatricals arranged: pupils rehearsed
en stage. R. U and 12, Lu.o.F. block, 7th nnd Mkt
LEO COOPEK. SCHOOL OF AC II NO AND
Onera, Pantomime and Acting; study of reper-
toire and vocal music, fill Geary st.
VNOINKJKRINU SCHOOL: MECH.. ELEC
-Ci civil, mining, Furvey, assay, arrhlf., X ray
launht: es.lhU4. A. VAN DER NAILLKN.933 Mkt
BOOKKI'NO. WRIINU, AKITHiITC. ORAMR.
day knight: cocnnwn; $3 month. 845 Mission.
BANJO TA GOBT TO BEGINNERS, 25CENTS
per lesson. Addresi A., box 76, Call Office.
MANDOLIN, OU.TAK— AMATEUR PLAY-
ers lojoinc.ua. Pi. OF. MtKKI, 225 Geary.
PIANO, GERMAN, 75c; PUPIL LElPSlCCON-
servatory and German High School. 110 Mydest
SINGING; PIANO: PARIS GRADUATE;
French, t>fimau lanpnases: f2 ma 109 laylor.
GL'll'AK. AIANIiULiN. PiANo AND VutA-
lessons. T.i mo. Mary Weslhans. 39 Fifin.
OUBSCKIPTIONS AND WANT A.Ds> FOR TUB
O Call taken at branch, ciace. ci» Hayes m.;
open until •.• -.30 o'cl(<ck.
SIUSICAI. INSTRUMENTS.
SEEINIi IS BELIEVING: WE HAVE THE
h'Sl BDap of the year and WE know it; \ OV
will acknowledge it au«-r seeing i.; a recent fail-
ure in business causes a man to place on sale with
us a $SUO piano to pay nis rent; a forced sa c: the
first cal.«i will be the lucky one. Full particulars
of THI-: J. DEWING CO., 2d floor FiooJ but ding.
ARE YOU ABOUT TO PURCHASE A PIANO?
JV We sell them for $:<, it, $3, «6, $7, $8, $9, $10
per month; also for cash; the best makers of every
grade; don't pay rent when the same monthly
i>aym- nts will purchase one from us. SHERMAN,
CLAY A CO., cor. Kearny and Butter bis., bieia-
way dealers.
A BSOLUTELY THE OLDEST AND LARGEST
xx bouse . west of Chicago In KOHLER &
CHASE'S. 26, 28 and SO o'Farrell s:.; plano3, or-
gans and ail other musical instruments, of all
grades and prices; terms easy: prices lowest:
every thine poasiwedoud to please and satisfy the
customer.
ACTUALLY THE BEST BARGAINS IN Pl-
anos; monthly payments from $5 up: deliv-
ered, free with stool and cover: correspondence
solicited.- THE F. W. SPENCER COMPANY,
salesrooms 833 Market »l, opp. Mason; «6tao
• llshed over 20 years. ,/
BONA ffIDK RtDUCTIOV IN PRICES^
Halnes, Knabe. Bush & Gerts and others: sec-
ona-baud pianos from $10U up. W. C HAMIL*
'lON. successor io A. L. Bancroft & Co., £24 i'Osu
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALK-JIUST SKLL;
il pianos at immense reduction for cnsh or on
iustoilmenis. KATON ESTATE, 736 Market st.
8 HAW, STEINWA\. *250: CIIICKERING.
81M5: bargains, $4 a month; a nice ■mall up-
right, $95. Hi'.l.NK, 136 Ellis st.
CJf'fk UPKIQHT FRENCH PIANO IN GOOD
«JpUV/. order. 115»seven;n st.
YEARLY NKW BABY OKASD BTEINWAY;
-i-> great bargain. 1021 Van Neis aye.
"OAKGAIN TAN BE HAD AT MAL'VAIS 1 , 769
X> Market St.: agency Decker <S Son's pianos.
ffljOXA UPRIGHT PIANO (DECKER
O — *J\J . Bro».'); cost $500. Apply 835 I'lne st.
DARE CHANCE; GOOD UPRIGHT CHEAP
XV SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hlbernia Bank
BARGAIN, $75; KRARD. FISCHER AND
otner uprights. HOKNUNG'S, 21« Post st.
flj.l 7C NKW UPRIGHT, STOOL, SIARF;
«JpX i O. Warranted 5 yrs. BP.UENN'S, 228 Post.
AT bHKRMA.N, CLAY <fc CO.'s ONLY HILL
you rind a s:oc!c of new Stelnway pianos.
W».. HAi/uKI;. bUi^K A'ENT iUKHALLKT
.<£ Davis and Francis Bacon pianos. 413 >act<x
BYItON MALZV. :-03 Posl' ST.— aOHilcii,
N«-wbv & Evmnv ', l.f-.-ss an 1 otbor pianos. '
W UPitKloK VIOLIN ZITUi-HS, OLD* NKW
ij li. MUI.LEK. maker, repairer 2 1 .a: bam pi aca
HOTELS.
IJBOQKLYN HOTEL, 208-212 : BCSH BT,
X> board and room f1 to %'£ per • day, 56 to 912
per week; choice rooms -50 cents to ■ 91; suite
rooms for family «i to »1 50 pet night: - lirst-oiaa*
tcnruM; iree toaclk C'iiAHLLtt iiuNXtioiiiiU*"
CITX REAL ESTATE.
tf»Qfkr|fk BUSINESS PROPERTY; INSIDE
HpO\l\J\J. of FUlmoresu; rent $85 per month;
large let: must sell.
*525u— Mission St., near 22d: price reduced to
ma > c an immediate sale: rent 525: hank mortgage
which can remain; this is a good , buy. I
175— Lot 25x1*20, on 48it> aye., near the tro-
car line; this is a give away; iost giOO.
ffl»Q« r THE CHEAPEST LOT IN ("CE AN
(TO. «J. View; .30x125: on: Broad st , near
Capital : best s reet ana best block.
(El^nn CASH, BALANCE SAME ASS RENT,
«J7 «UU for new house; sunny side Of Co c st ,
noar Waller: size oi lot Jsil-5: contains 8 rooms
aii.l all modern improvements.
SEE THOSK NEW HOUSES ON WEBSTER
s  bet. Va lejo and Green: Fill more-s'.. cars
one block; moJeru in every particular: finished in
natural wood*; very sunny: floe marine view;
owner will snow bouse 10-day; small cash pay-
ment 11 desired.
iJUVEE, TOY & SONNTAG, .A cents,
30 iloutjiomery st.
OHO KASTLAKE COTTAGE, 330 HILL
tjn- UUv. St., nr. Castro; 5 large rooms, bath
and basement; lot 25x114; partly motrtsssud;
mortgige can remain if desired; good neighbor-
hood: place not large enough for present owner.
Apply UKIGDEN «fc TUKNKY, cor. iCearay and
Commercial.
TVTTI.K4 LOFTUS. LAND A'iENTS, 62J
Market st-.opp. Palace Hotel: city and coun-
try Droperty for :>ale and rxchiui*e cnly.
170 R SALE OK TO LET— 3-SIOKY HOUSE,
-» 315 Uuer ero St.: Hanson Dyetnc; and Cleaning
WorKs; steam power; \%ell and i ump; stable, 5
stalls; 40x112; easy terms; apply on premises, 1
to 4 p.m.; also cottage. 5 rooms ana bath, 302
2d aye . near Clement si.
MONEY TO LOAN.
A LOANS ON FURKITUKE OR PIANOS,
. in b. I\, Oakland or Alameda. at lowest rates:
without removal: no commission*: no delays.
J. NOON AN, 1017 to 10S3 iiuslou uu, above mxlU.
telephone Jessie 41.
HIGHLY KE^PKCTABLK AND PRIVATE
place to obtain liberal advances on diamonds
and Jew elry of the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
h.ore, 948 Market St.: lelophone (Jreen 204.
Gl'-JOn C\lM\ AT 6 Vi ***:« CENT ON CITY
«pOUU.uUU real estate; also Oakland: estate*.
life insurance, second mortgage, any sum. Man-
hattan Loan Co., 10 Mills building, ground floor.
AKY AMOUNT; IST. SITOR 3DMOUT(IAUKi
estates, undivided ln^rcsts, real estate In pro-
bate; furniture and pianos without removal.
alc-COLUAX. 24 Montgomery St.. room 3.
WHY PAY HIGH K.T. ON t-MALL LOANS?
We loan at 65c Interest par mo. on each $100
on 2d mortgage : any security. Uold, box 4, CalL
1 IBKRAL ADVANCE ON DIAMONDS, JEW-
J j elry, etc: low interest Cut-rate Loan otlka,
r. 7, Fiood bldg, 809 Market; lei. brown 191.
CJjO.l- I \(\(\ AT BANK KATKS: IST AND
00-J.UUU 24 mortgages, estates rents, eta:
lend as low as 50. H. MURPHY, 62S Markets'-
QjOn f\ni\ TO LOAN OX CITY REAL
rJr*.V.vUv estate; 6ViV. 6PECK&CO. 602
Market st.
ON FUHNITURE; VERY LOW INTEREST:
no commission. SCRIBNEK, 7 City Hall aye.
MONEY TO LOAN ON CITY HEAL ESTATE:
any amount. WILLIAMS, 214 Plue su, r. 3.
Q>-\ AO.OOO ON LIFK INSURANCE POLICIES
{JIU low interest. JO& B. IOPLITZ, 33J Pine.
fflj ?: t\ TO $iO,000; LOWEST RATE; IST <t 2D
•_•''' mortg.: any propoaition. Drydea, 413 Mont
ANY SUM, IST OR 2ND MORTGAGES. Es-
tates in probate, etc. i'.uu 7, 508 California, st.
ON| FURNITURE AND PIANOS; No RE-
moval: low rates: private party. alO Powell, r. 3.
ON PIANUS ANiJ FURNITURE. WITHOUT
removal : very low interest. 116 McAllister st.
iiNANUIAL.
TirANTED— LOAN OF $3600 ON IMPROVED
»» F.roadwav property valued at 815.000; also
SJ2SO on Improved property valued at $4tioo, ni.A
several smaller sums. D. W. McDO-VALD & CO.,
4G3 Ninth st , Oakland Cal.
MEDICAL.
ALL CASES OF MONTHLY SUPPRESSION
(from whatever cause) restored in a few
hours: safe and sure at any time; instant relief for
travelers; home in confinement: best care en i
privacy; regular rhyskuu; 30 year*' euccessral
practice; my ceiebrateJ remedies tor monthly
suppression never fail: every c«se guaranteed :cou-
saltation f n c, conliden lal: hour* 10 to 5: pillssL
MKS. UK. WYkTK. 9ltf Post su. near Larkin.
Dh. J. H. JOSbELYX, THE GREAT SPECIAL-
Ist, still offers his va untile services to the on-
lortunate. With a mind ma urea and euricned by
studies of an advanced order, there Is hardly a
disease In the catalogue of human ills he cannot
treat to a perfect cure. Ladles, he is always read/
to assist yon. His knowledge has been strength-
ened by extensive experience. Sio case peculiar
to your delicate organism is beyond his euro con-
trol. His female monthly remedies are sure and
tAfe in their effects. His tried and valuable reme-
dies for lost manhood are never-failing In their
action, and are warranted for both yount; and old.
He excels all others In the cure of private diseases,
uver 51) years of practice enables him to warrant
a cure In ail cases. Consultation parlors, yud
Market st. Call or write direct to SOU Market St.,
rooms 11 end 12.
A PROCESS THAT IS PERFECTLY HARM-
less: never falls In nay case of monthly sick-
cess, no motter what cause; no clec:ricity hum-
bug or other dangerous methods: money In every
case refunded if a cure is no: effected: travelers
celped immediately; years' experience; home la
confinement with sanitarian convenience. Con-
sult iree the only reliable physicians, DR. AND
MRS. DAVlt.s. 14 McAUlsier su, next Hiberuia
Eank: hours. 9a.m. to 5 a:id 7 to B p. K.
A PROCESS THAT NEVER FAILS TO RK-
Etore every case of monthly sickness from
whatever cause In a few hours when medicines
and others have failed; no instruments used:
many years' experience: every case guaranteed;
advice free; terms reasonable; first-class private
home for confinement. MRS. DR. JJaLEV, 1128
Market st., over the Owl Drugstore.
A KjCW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE OR IN-
xIl Mrumenl vied: every woman her own physi-
cian tor all female troubles, no matter from what
cause: restores always in one day; can be sent
and used a: home; positive cure; genuine new
process can only be bad at my office; advertised
L'O years. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny St.
DR. FOTTLETS FRENCH CAPSULES— A.
guaranteed absolute cure for all female rtls-
caae3 (no matter what cause): positively safe aal
cure; no Ganger cr after effects:- taken in time I:
also acts as a preventive: prlca 91 to per box;
sent free by mail on teceuti w vric» Ai-i-i.il
BROS.. S3 Grant aye.
T ADIES—
XJ
RENARD REGULATING WAFERS.
An infallible cure. For further particulars and
pxplan:tiory letter, sen.l 2 cents to Pacific Co*~t
Agency. Renarii Medical Co.. 3^3 tpreckels bulld-
iug, 3i7 Marke: St., --an Francisco.
DX. AND MRS. WKGENER. BUS EI'CY ST.:
privato home; every comfort; separate rooms
before and nriu confinement; female complaints
skillfully treated; regular physician; quick re'.ief
for tiavelers: best care; lenr.s moderate: babies
adopted )n good families; consultatiou free; pills s£
DRM. tiOODVVIN^-SPECIAiaSTS. LADIE3
near or far: safe, quick cure guaranteed, eny
disease cr complaint: home for patients; best skill,
lrie diagnosis: low lees: self-cure. 401 Van Ness
A LPEAU 8 FRENCH PILLS— A EOON TOLA-
XV dies with female troubles; no danger; safe and
sure; $2 bOexi>ress C. O. D. ; don't delay until too
late. C3GOOI> BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland-.Cal.
AfclßK CLUE lOH ALL FEMALB DIS4-
-eases from whatever cause; a home la con-
finement with every comfort; satisfaction guar-
anteed by MRS. GVVYER, 226 Turn at.
* LL FEMALE COMPLAINTS AND DIS-
X*. eases of the eye permanently cured at MRS.
DR. SSCOTT's, 410 Geary st ; consultatiou free.
DU PRAK'S FEMALE REGULATING PILLS;
safe and etricient emrnenacogue: f L per box.
RICHARDS & CO.,drusgists, 406 Clay su&oleaßU,
I,'RKE MAGNETIC TREATMENTS, 10 TO 11
A. M. DX. ST. CLAIR, Office, 225 Geary St.
UNSURPASSED REMEDIES FOR FEMALE
troubles, diseases. MKS.DK. PUETZ.2S4^4th.
i .K. hall, 14 mcalljstkr street, n\c.aj*
XJ Jones. Diseases 01 womea ana children.
\ WEEK'S NEWS FOR 6 CENTS — THIS
ri_ WEEKLY CALL. In wraorjer. for mailine.
LEGAL. NOTICES.
CITY AND COt XT V TREASURY, SAX
Francisco, April 15. 1897.— in compliance
with Hie provision* of section 5 of order 1598 of
the Boaru oi Mipcrvisora, approved September 15,
1880, there will be sold at public auction by E. S.
sptar A Co., at their salesrooms, Ml and »3 Gutter
street, on
MONDAY, MAY 17,
At 10 o'clock a. m. sundry articles of stolen. lon
and unclaimed property recovered by the police
force of San Francisco, ■ s detailed in an inventory
thereof on file In the office of :he clerk of the
Bo.ua of Supervisors, and ronslstlng ot jewe.ry.
wearing apparel, pi >ioli, knives, etc.; alsoalotbf
trmiKs. valises, clothing, etc.. property of deceased
person* received from tue «orouerof this City and
County. Open for inspection on morning of sale,
A. C WIDBKR,
City and County Treasurer.
ATTORXEIB-AX-LAW.
ADVICE FKEE: DIVORCE LAWS A BPKC-
ialiy: private; no fee without success; prt^aia,
insolvency, wills, collections, bills ot sale, deeds,
ccmages, etc. ; private dctertivej; estab. 10 year*.
G. W. HOWE. 850 .Market st. corner Stockton su
ADVICE FKEE; NO CHARGE UNLESS BU<>
cessful. W. W. DAVIDaON. 827 Market au
W. KINO, ATTORNEY-AT-LAW, CURON
. >dt buiidiDg; advice tree; lowfeaa; all casea
COCXTKT REAL ESTATE.
CJQ7KA 40 AC«RS IN SAN JOAQ'JIN
«Jp«» I *J\J. County: 32 acres bearing orchard;
new molern bou<e 6 rooms: barn: windmill: fine
improvements; stocic, crop, tools ana everything
goes; 31/2 miles from railroad: $2000 cash: bal-
anre on loni? time at *> per cent. C. F.MOORE,
935 Market st , room 4-
ifJAAIRES HOMESTEAD C I AIM IN
' XUv/ Fresno County; h'ne leve land: small im-
! P"Overaeutß; near pos otUce and school, will ex-
; change for pxyin< business of any kind, a bar-
ealn. Aadress J US R. JONi.3, Newcastle.
Piacer County, cal.
i Qtl f\(\n 83 ACRES RICH LAND IN
tJTJO.UUI'. the Jceletorated fruit distnet at
I vacaville; J-0 acres in fruit; house, barn, friut-
-1 house.ee: « b! 5 satrilice; soid In 1880 lor $30,-
-: oOO: would exchange Mr cay property, cail or
address JM. a CURkY, 51 Murphy building, 1238
Market st.
SAN' MATEO: LOT lt'oxlBo. UN GRIFFITH
aye., neir Hotel Matto; a bargain. H. I., 607
Capp st.
(;REAT BARGAINS IN LAND: $35 PER
' > acre: small places; Improved and unimproved:
Alarueda County, Dear baa FraucKco. For de-
tai.s write to H. j DIGGLES. 69 Columbian
building, Murke: sl, 6an Francisco.
Q'?nAA 4 AL'RKS CHI KE\ RANCH;
nevsr 6-ruom. hard-finished house;
Urge :m- roved eh clcen-nous • and oro der. line
fluwer-garden : 10 minutes' walk from postoQice.
GE Kiih c YOUNG, Petaluma.
VOR BALE-2 POULTRY RANCHES. CON-
X (listing or (teese, ducks, chickens and pigeons;
also 14 lots. b7xliO euch, at $-J0 a lot. THOMAS
F. CONKLIN, Ked Flag, Six-mile station, tau
Bruno Koad.
«; 1(1 TO $81); MAKIN CO. IMPROVED AND
"4 IV ' unimproved land: terms to snit: fruit, grain,
vegetables, rail and wuter. B. 65. Chronicle bidg.
EARLY JFRUIT AND VEGKTABLE LAND-
-1000 acres of the "Wolfskin grant." lv lots
from 20 acres un, selling for $ri) per acre on easy
terms: located 3ml es west of Winters. Cal. For
particulars address \V. H. GR.fc.GORY, Winters
Cal.
T ITTLK HOMES CLOSE 1O TOWN; 1M-
Xj proved; easy terms: also 4 to 12 acre pieces
on 8 and Lv yearV credit. I). H. TWINu, So-
noma City; every Mondar at 632 Market sC. 8. F.
ffljC AN ACRE; li:80 ACRES TIMBER; IiOOU
«Jpc» for stock or fruit; plenty waW. 8.. box 40.
CHEAPEST AND BEST IX AMERICA-THB
i \J v, LfcKLTi CALL, sent to any address in the
united States or Canada one year for $150, post-
ax free.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
BUY A HOUSE AND LOT IN BEAUTIFUL-
£rui:vale; only a minute's walk to the station-
see the owners at their office in Fruitvale for bar-
gains. BASSh.TT BROS., Fruit vale station.
fflj- CASH, $5 MONTHLY— LOTS $75 AND
<P«-J upward; out of 33-acre Aliendale Tract, Kast
Oakland but 72 lots unsold; will build you 3. 4
and 6 room cotta c (modern) from $800 to $900,
Including lot: payment as rent; site, climate and
soil snperb: 3 electric roads and fins school near-
conveyance free. 459 Mnth St., bet. Broadway
and \\ ashington, Oakland. H. Z. JONES. Owner.
O 1 HA EACH. 4 LOTS MKLKOSE STATION
*Ip lvy -' Tract: streetcars and local trains; only
*1 down and 91 » week. H. B. PINNEY, 902
Bioadwav, Oakland.
GET A CHOICE, HEALTHFUL HOME SITE
while prices are low; lots 8100 to $150 at
Fitchburs. beyond Frultvale; the best property
for investment now offered; local trains and
electric cars: 10 minutes to Oakland and 45 to
San Francisco; splendid climate, out of. damp
belt: soil excellent for gardening; very best water
facilities; good school: terms to suit. Before buy-
ing In this locality see the owner of this property
C. M. KUNKLE. 915Va Washington si., upstairs,
room n, Oakland. Cal.
OAKLAND FURNISHED ROOMS.
7 ARGE SUNNY RO MS; GALINDO HOTEL.
Xj Oakland; board optional. Eighth St., off
Broadway.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
,AT,AMETVY KiSAL JTSTATB.
MUST BE SOLO FOR CASH OK ON EASY
terms; house of 5 rooms and oath; modern
improvements; iot}oxl3o: near electric cars and
Jiai;;lH' street staiioa; no reasonable offer refused.
410Kf.ruy St.. loom 10.
■L-oi". SALE— BARGAIN'; COR. I.OT, 134x175:
X 4 cottages. 6 rooms each; Pacific aye. aud
Schiller a:.; offer wanted: street work done. In-
quire B. AKIAS, 1823 Pacific aye., Alameda.
] 1. AK'JAIN: ALAMEDA COUNTY. 30 MILES
j J > from city; choice land; fruit, hay, uran, veg-
etables, with living springs; $25 to "$35 per acre.
11. J. HIGGLES, 69 Columbian building S F
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND HOUSES.
CjiX 4-KOOM COTTAGE FURNISHED COM-
<W -I O ■ plete at Monterey : also furnished and un-
furnished rooms. MR& SPENCEit, 1321 Park
si.. . laweda.
FIXKLY FURNISHED 11-ROOM HOUSE AND
grounds to rent, 1 b ock from Morton-st. station,
narrow-sauge. M. E. S., 1511 Central ay., Alame.la.
HAIWARDS HEAL ESTATE.
90 ACREK.IO IX GRAIN, BUILDINGS, $1000
*-i4J iiae.es. some fruit, trool buildings 1800
5 ncres all fruit. i;ood buildincs 4'Ji 0
120 acres, tome fruit, bulidnns. stream water 5000
4UO acres. 3i.0 i low land, some fruit 5500
8 acrt-s, all frui. comfortable buildings 5500
•J5 acres, Bo:ne fruit, larce home 550J
b6 acres, full bearing fruit, tine improve-
ments, will give 54000 for this year's
crop $25,000
For full particulars ca'l on or address,
P. WILBKRT, Hay wards, .'I mc-da Co., C*l.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
fljCAfl CASH WILL BUY COTTAge Ofl
tjjJCUV/ rooms: hardwood finished: 7-foot base-
ment: 2 lots, 55x1^3; West £c keley. Address
8., box 18, i ail Office.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS FOR MILITARY s-UPPLIES—
J General Depot of the Quartermaster's D-rart-
ment, 36 Xew Moulgumeiy street, San 1 raucisco,
Cal., April 19, 3897. Sealed proposals in tripli-
cate, wlil be received at this office until 11 o'clock
a.m.. Pacific standard time. May -.'o, 1897. and
then opened, for furnishing tiiis depot with the fol-
lowing article* of Clothing And Kquipage and Ma-
terials for the manufacture of Clothing, vz. : Corn
I'm jus, Gilling Line, Goose Iron, Hooks and
Eyes, indelible In,, Operatives' Ledger, Mallet,
Manilla Tent Line, i.rcmmet Punch, Hollow
Punches. Cotton Rope, Shovels, Trimmers 1
Snears, Measuring Slick, Tailors' Square, Tent
stovep pc, Linen thread, Wrapping Twine, White
Tape and Siik Twit. Proposals for delivery at
otner points will be considered. The right to ac-
cent or reject any or al proposals, or any part
thereof, is reserved. Preference wl 1 be clven to
artic.es of domestic producilou acd manufacture,
conditions of quality and price (including in the
(.rice of foieigu productions and manufactures the
duty thereon) being equal, and such preference
given to artic.es or American production a a
manufacture produced on the Pacific Coast, to ex-
lent of consumption required by the public service
there. For copies of printed instructions to bid-
ders and blanks fur proposals apply »t this office.
Knvelopes containing proposa s should be marked
"Proposals for Military Supplies," aid addressed
to the undersigned, JAJiiis M. MUORE, Colonel
and Assistant Quartermaster-General, U. S. Army,
Depot Quartermas.er.
IT S. RUB-TREASURY BUILDING, SAN
> m Francisco, Cal., April 19. 1597— >»a ed pro-
posals wi;l be received at thia building until
2 o'clock p. m. April 24. 1697, for furnishing fuel,
ligh:s, wnter. ice. miscellaneous aupilies washing
towels, hauling ashes and sprinkling streets to.-
this building during tbe fiscal year ending June
30, 1898. or such porcion of the year us may h»
deemed advisable. Th- right to reject any and all
bids is reserved by the Treaaui v Department
C. P. BEKRY. Custodian.
OFFICE OF I-IIiHTHOUSE INSPECTOR
Twelfth I'istrlct. San Francisco, CaL, April &\
1897.— Proposals will be received at ihis office
v .til 12 ""clock m. on FRIDAY, the 30th day of
April. 1897, for provisions for vessels and light
stations in this dls.rict ;or the fiscal year to end
June 30. 1898. Forms of proposals and printed
instruc.ions. giving full particulars as to the
articles required and the terms of delivery and
payment, can be obtained at this office. Tbe right
is reserved to reject the whole or part of any or all
bids and to waive any defects. The riKht is also
reserved to increase or diminish (not to exceed
one-third) durine the fiscal year the quantity 8 of
any Item or article named in the specifications
and a clause to mat eff ct v.-m be inserted in the
contract. FRANK COURTIS, Commander U S
N., Lighthouse InspecLor.
OFFICE OF LIGHTHOUSK INSPECTOR
,oni rte .' flb r>lBtrict - San Francisco, CaL. Aprt 8!
189 (.— l'roposali will be rrceived at this office
until 12 o'clock m . on FRIiiAY, the 30th day of
April. . 897, for furnishing and delivering fuel for
veisela and stalling io this district for the fiscal
year ending June 30,1898. Forms of proposal*
i-nd printed specification*, givli g fall p rticulars
as to ihe kinds ef uiel required, the quanta ■ and
quality, and the urmiof d livery aud payment.
ian M obtaine.l at this office. The United Stales
reserves the right to increase or diminish d urine
the tiseal year the quaur ties or any item or arti-
cle named In ihe specifications, and a clause to
that < ft. <■: will be inserted in the contrwrt: and the
right to re ject any or all bids a id to naive 'efects
therein is alto reserved. FKa.MC < OUKTlS.Com-
mauder. U. s. \., Light housp Inspector.
STORAGE.
"DEDUCKD KATESJ, PUKNITUrtE, PIANOS,
XV bousebold goods, etc. J. il. PiEBCiSi 735 XXU,
LOST.
T OST— WHITE GREYHOUND PUP; RED
J-i spot on one eye. Return to 1504 Kentscky
st. and receive rewar.l.
LOST— XEAI: FOOT OF MA RKET ST. PACK-
age of raptrs contalnine; blue prin; map of
P'Ttiun of Oakland an : package of letters ad-
dressed to Mr. French. Fiinler please return to
W. G CUUTIS. room 46, 4 Montgomery su
LOST — LAKGE NEWFOUNDLAND DOG;
black and woolly, i.eceive iibera! reward \>v
returning io saloon, Seventh ana Kiug sis. VIC-
-IORIA BOTTINA.
LOST— TUHQUOI>E AND DIAMOND SCREW
tarrins-i; liberal reward. lie; urn 112 Kearny
st , room 23.
1 OST— PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBiRNIA
J j Savio^jana Lo»n Soci<ty of Sun traucl-.co In
the name or MAY Ui V or KATK KKANY,
No. 177599. The linUer will p! ea.se return to b<tnk.
I OST— SMALL SCOTCH COLLIE DOG. FK-
J male: brown, with white mar-ings. Finder
will receive liberal reward ou re urniu:: to 35 Bor-
land St., off Ciuerr'TO, bet. 17 th aud lblh.
LOST-WHiTK ANGORA. CAT; BLLE EYESt
reward. 2115 Hyde s:.
BRANCH OFFICE OFTHK CALL, 167 NINTH
-»-> st.: want ad* and itabscriptlons taken.
FOUND.
TIGHT tHKSTNLT HOR^E, BRANDED «.
XJ A. MILLS, Five-mile House. MUsion road.
BIC\•C•LE^S.
pF-TIRING FItUM BU-IXr -.-S: \ tOMPLi-TK
-It cyclery for sale: doing a goou established busW
cess. Call 1236 Folsom st.
T^N'DfcMi?, * 96" PaTTK.;.\, GOOD A^S .\t\V,
$70 and upward: bargains in second - band
wheels. Gulden Ku;e Bazaar cyc»e department,
25 Geary st.
— MARRIAGES—
jßlrth, marrla«e and dea'.n notices sent br mill
will not le lnsertnd. They must be haaJel In at
either of the publication otlices and be ndor-ni
with the oameand resldencoof pttrsoui aatuoriui
to have the same published J
BOKX.
HOFFMAN-April 17, 1897, to the wife of C E.
Hoffman, asoo.
LOREY— In this city. April 9, 1897, to the wife of
Frank Lor^y. a son.
MAKItIKD.
WOOD-TULLY-In this city. April 18. 1897, by
the Key. Father Ciannon, James J. Wood and
Mamie Tally, ooih of San Francisco.
DI£D.
Arrlngton, William Lehlgh, Mary A.
Brown, Benjamin M. Lorlug. Mury R.
Butler, Margaret Jlc arthy, Mary
Cleary. William McGarvey. Owen
Conen, Fiora Noouan. Catherine
Flemer. Henry Pierce, Ellen
Fitzpatrick, P. D. Ryan, Ann
Frauiciui. Frank Saunjers, William H.
Oensl^r. Lizzie Schillaber, l.ucy K.
Jacobson, Sadie D. Thorseu, Bertha
JoUaaon, aenry WeiUmann, Freaerick
Wise, Ann
ARRINOTON— In Alameda. April 17. 1897, Wil-
liam Arlington, beloved brother of Mrs. M. E.
Quiut, a native or North Carolina, aged SO years
7 months an i 8 days.
O~ Funeral services THIS DAY (Monday).
at 11:30 o'clock a. m., a: the residence of his
sist»r, 1553 Pacinc avenue, near Grand-street
station. Alameda. Interment private, Laurel
Hill i.'omutery.
BROWN— In this city, April 18, 1897, Benjamin
Al. Brown, a native of New York, aged 33 years
10 months and 18 days.
BUTLER— In Saratoga, April 16, 1897, Warfare;
Butler, beloved mother of Joseph J., Henry C.
Warren C. aud Irving; C. Butler and -Mrs. Emma
R l.uxton, age J 70 years.
Ks"Frieuds and acquaintances ar» respect-
fully invited to attena the funeral servicej
THIS DAY (Monday), at 1 O'clock P. M., at
the cnapel at Cypress idiwa Cemetery.
CLEARY— In the City anl Countr Hospital. April
18, 183 T. William Cleary, atced 66 years-
COHEN— In this city, April 16. 1897, Flora Cohen,
a native of Uermany, aged 75 years.
FITZPATRICK -In this city, April 18. 1897. at
Sl Mary's lio.-spitai, P. i>. >iuputnck. belovej
brother of John and Anaie Fitzpatrick and Mrs.
B. It. Keenan. a native ot Couuty Cavan, lre-
lana. ngeil 61 years.
jWFriends ana acaualntances are respect-
fully invited to intend tiie luneral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 8 o'clock a. it., from the iw-
lors ot MCAVO' cfe Uallagher, 20 Fifth street.
menus to at. Brid.e:'s church, Van Ness ave-
nue, beiwoen Pacific street and Broadway.
where a solemn h;fe'h mats will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at 9
o'clock a. m. Interment Mourn caivary Ceme-
tery. Please omit flowers.
FLEMER— In this cay. April 18, 1897. Henry,
beloved son of Henry and Louise F.emer, and
bro-.her of Aunie : Willie, Lulu and Etta Fterner,
a native of ban Francisco, aseJ. 3 years 2 months
and 11 days.
FRAN&CINI— In the City and Couu:y Ho3pital,
April 18, id 97, Frank Franscini, ased 4i ytart
GENSLER— In this city. April 17, 18y7, LUzie,
beloved wife of O. Uensler. and youngest daugh-
ter of Eliza and the .a c John D. Bwlft, a nativa
of Alameda, Cal, aged 21 years 7 mouths and
lOdtvs.
JB3" Friends and acquaintance; are respsct-
fuhy invited to attend the funeral TO-MORKOvV
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock a. m.. from her late
residence. ~38 Twenty-sevemu airoat. Inter*
men: Cypress Lawn Ceuieterv.
JACOBSON— In Oakland, April 16,1837, Sadie D.
Jacobsoa, a naUva o( Oakland, aged o years and
21 days.
JOHNSON— In this city, April 16, 1897, Henry
Johnson, a native of Germany, aged 66 years.
LKHIUH— In Berkeley, April 14, 1897, Mary
Augeline dearly beloved wife of Daniel F. Le-
hißu, mother ef WU.iam F. and J. Vincent
Lehigh. daughter of the iate Daniel Harvey, and
granddaughter of tbe late Dr. Jonu McLouguhn,
Governor ot tha Hudson Bay Company, a na-
tive of Oregon City, Or.
JtjrFrlenas and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
THIS DAY (Monday), at 10: 0 o'clock a.m., at
the Church of St. Mary the Virgin, corner of
Onlou and tHelncr streets. Interment private.
LORING— In this cltv. April 18. 1897. Mary R..
wife 01 Robert Loring, mother of Homer, Ruby
and Robert Loring, and sister ot William J.,
Peter J., Henry F., Thomas P., Edward, Mar-
cus, Emma, Katie and Ellis Burke, Mrs- J. Hall
and Mri. James Fi unity, a native of Ha f moon
Bay. Cal., aged 33 years 1 1 months and 8 days.
45T" Friends and acquaintances are p«n ■■ -
fully Invited to attend tha funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), a; 2 o'clock p. k., from the family
residence, 6 Gordon place. Intermeut Holy Cross
Cemetery by 3:30 o'clock p. m. train, from
Third and Townaend streets.
JIcUARTHY-ln this cltv. April 16. 1897, Mary
Car hy, a native of Ireland, aged til years.
McGAKVEY— In Redwood City, April 1.5, 1837,
Owen Mc^arvey, a native of New York, aged 68
years 11 mon:hs and 29 days.
NOOXAN-In this city, April 17. 1897, Catherine
beioved wife of Michael Nooaan, and mother of
Mrs. F. A. Smac< and Mrs. F. J. Kagan, a na-
tive or' County <.ork, Ireland, aged 59 years.
jJs*Frn-uj.s and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the fuueral TO-MORKUW
(Tuesday), at 11 o'clock a. m., from her lata
residence, 364 Precila avenue, thence to St.
Peter's Church for services. Interment Holy
Croji Cemetery.
PIEKCE-rn this city, April 18, 1897, Ellen, be-
loved mother of Frank, Agnes, George and the
late Charles Pierce, a native ot Ireland, aged 58
years.
BYAN— In this city, April 17, 1897, Ann, beloved
wife of James Ryan, and mother ot Mamie,
Annie and Burnett and the la^u Maggie T. Ryan,
a native ot County Leitrim, Ireland, aged 55
years.
43-Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the fuueral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 9 o'clock a. m.. from her late resi-
dence. %'i\ Vallejo street, tuence 10 st Francis
Church, where a requiem high mass will ba
celebrated for the repose ot her soul, commenc-
ing at 9:30 o'clock a. it. Interment Mount cal-
vary Cemetery.
SAUNDERS-In this city, April 18, 1897, Wil-
liam H. sauniie.-s, a native of Baa Francisco,
agad 28 years.
SCHILLABKR— In this city, April 17. 1897, Lucy
Kennedy, beloved wife of Joseph Scnulaser, a
native of Calaveras County, Cal
THOKSEN — In this city, April 17, 1897. Bertha,
dearly beloved wife of John Thorsen. daughter
of Staale and Aiattia 'iaanejen, mid sister of
-Miir.in, Gayhart and the late fhouiai Tennesen
and Matilda stvert^n, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 22 years 10 mouths and 1 7 days.
49~Frlenda and acquaintances are ruso»ct-
fullv Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock p. m. snarp, from
her iate result-nee. -6V2 Alia ttireet, uieno- to
Alcairaz Circle Hall, where services will bJ
held under the auspxt-s or Alcatraz Circle No. 1,
>ri-nd.> of the Golden State. Interment Luurel
Hill Cemetery.
WEIH3IAXN- In tnU city. April 18, 1597, Fred-
erics, beloved husband of C*therlri9 Welhmann,
and father of Henry. Ancieand Marearet n eih-
man 11, a native of Germany, a^ed 57 years 10
months and 9 days. fNe>v Yors and New Or-
leans papers please copy. J
SyFnendi and acquaintances nre resi»9V,-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORKOW
(Tuesday), at I o'clock p. it., from hi* laic rajt-
aence, 1.05 Montgomery street between Filbert
and Greenwich. Iniermen; I. O. v. f. Cemetery.
WISE— In this city, April 17. 1897, Ann Wise, a
native of Ireland, hk.- i 55 years.
McAVOY & GALLAGHER,
' FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALM
20 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
NOTICE.- THE BUSINKSS OF MoAVOY
A GALLA<>H X «il be, conducted ai the
old s aiid. No. 20 : Fifth strt-eu for the letiefit
of the widow of the late HKNHY J. GALLAU-
HER and his sisier, MISS ANNIE P. GALLAG-
Hh.H. IJKS. H. J. GAI.LAGIiEtt. .
- ANNIE E. UALLAUHtR. .
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN JIATEO COUNTY; .NEAREST CEME.
tery. to the city non-sectarian; in no sense ex- j
elusive; location unexcelled. Office by 7 Mar lit! ■
street, southeast corner of Sixth*
910
END OF THE WAR
IN CHINATOWN
Minister Wu Ting-fang
Raises the Sam Yup
Boycott.
The See Yups Withdraw Their
Suit Against the Consul-
Geaera!.
The Chinese Diplomat Entertained in
B:h a mia by His Old Comrade
"Uncle G:orge Bromley."
Wu Ting-fang, the Chinese Minister,
and all but twelve of his suite leave here
tnisalternoon for Washington.
The clever diplomat ha.-* been in this
City but eight days, during which he has
learned and accomplished much.
Under tlie escort of Joseph Campbell,
attorney for the See Yap Company, who
has just returned from "Wa-hin^ton,
•where he has been trying to adjust his
client's differences with the Sam Yups,
his KxceKency drove through Golden
Gate Park to the Cliff House and Sutro
Heights yesterday afternoon. The party,
consisting of a dczea other Chinese digni
taries and hali that number of favored
whi f e ladies and gentlemen, occupied two
four-in-hand carry-alls.
At the Occidental Hotel, upon their re
turn, the Minister greeted a Call reporter
with the weii-meatu assertion.:
"This is a great City, the people are
lovely and kind, but I'll be so glad to get
away. I'm nearly dead and need rest."
As a m:itter <>f fact the hig ly colored
cheeKs the MiniMer brought in with him
from sea one week ago yesterday are now
drawn and sallow. He has lost ten pounds
In weient, and his general appearance in
dicated that the pace at which his friends
bad made him go was killing.
"There is just one more night of it," he
added with a sigh, "and then it will all be
over. I'm to be banqueted in Chinatown
and that will settle it all. To-morrow
we'll board the train and will stop no
where this side ol Washington."
Diplomats are not prone to talking
■ Bout their official doings, and Wu Ting
fang is like the rest of them. Still the
satisfaction he fee is over the resuit of his
visit here influenced him in saying a few
things of public interest.
"The See Yup and Sam \up troubles
are now at an end," he said in answer to a
Two Old Comrades, "Uncle George n Bromley and Chinese Minister
Wo Ting-fang Meet, After Years ot Separation, at the
Bohemian Club Jinks.
auery ou the subject. "The See Yups will
to-morrow pull down the signs on the
deadwalls of Chinatown offering rewards
for information of members purchasing
poods from Sam Yup merchants. In other
words, 'the boycott is off,' as you Amer
icans call it.
"Another important matter is that the
See Yups, through their attorney, will
withdraw their suit against the Chinese
Consul-General for damages alleged to
Save been sustained by the order he issued
:o break up their meeting places. Tnat
being the case, the local Chinese colony
prill be no longer divided and will move
ilong In fraternal unison.
"I do not r>ropus» to appoint a Consul-
General or a Ccnbul for this port until I
tm in Washington. 1 hud intended mak
ing Dr. Ho Kai Consul-General, but a
riend in Shanghai asked me to leave him
■ here to assist him in a big railroad
icheme and I did so. His brother, Ho
if ow, is with me, and while he is bright
md Intelligent, as well as a fluent speaker
»f English, his youth militates aca.nst
aim for such a resnonsible po-iii >n as
Consul-General. I will try bin out, how
iver, for a while and see how he does and
I may probably appoint him Consul.
"Two prominent Chinese ■will arrive
acre shortly and I will annointone of
SEW TO-SAT.
Instant relief for skin-tortured babies and
rest for tired mothers in a warm bath with
Ccticura Soap, and a single application of
CrmccßA (ointment), the great skin cure.
The only speedy and economical treatment
for itching, burning, bleeding, scaly, and
pimply humors of the skin, scalp, and blood.
It toM throughout the world. PoTTEB DtCO lKdCiiM-
irti. CoiiroßATioN. Sole Proprietors, Boston.
tr How to Cure Every B»by Humor," ftee,
BABY BLENllsFES^^cuKi^o^.^
LEAGUE OF THE CROSS CADETS IN THEIR GRAND DRILL.
Yesterday was the tirst official drill of tne Cadets of the League cf the Cross, who are preparing for a competitive drill
for honor? in this city on Apni 29. About 600 members of th« various companies from Oakland and San Francisco assembled
at the Mechanics' Pavilion at 2p. m. yesterday and drilled under Colonel Sullivan's command for more than two hours.
The band and drum corps were present and the drill was carried on with much spirit. Companies A, B, D, i£, F, G, H, I, X,
L, M and Kw« re present. The first work was the entrance of the battalion, which was reviewed by Colonel Sullivan. On the
appearance of the band there was a regimental parade, which was imposing and ikilHully bandied. Rev. Father Yorke was
present throughout the drill accompanied by the following members of the clergy: Rev. Fathers O'Ryan, McDonald,
and Bowen of Chicago. All were much pleased with the character of the anil and expressed themselves highly concerning
the evolutions.
these Consul-General. Later on four
more will come and I will distribute them
between Peru, Cuba and Spain. lam not
considering Mexico at this time, as we
have not yet signed our treaty with that
country, nnd probably will not until some
time after my arrival at Washington."
Two of ilie Minister's most distin-
euished visitors yesterday mornine were
C. P. fiuntington ana his nephew, H. E.
Huntin^ton.
"It was only a visit de politesse," the
diplomat assured his hearer. "We met
at the club last night, talked a few mo
ments only and renewed the acquaint
ance here to-day, that is all."
After a moment of reflection, during
which he rubbed his tapering band over
his vast expanse of forehead, he shook his
head and smiled.
"That club— thoie jinks — fnnny things,
are they not?"
The great man did not tell of the subse
quent supper at De.monico'n with Attor
ney Campbell and n few selected among
the livelier net in Bohemia.
"There are some of my suite at tiie club
to-day for luncheon. They are young
and can keep il up, but I need more
rest."
His Excellency declares ha will never
forget the delightiui time he spent with
the Bohemian«.
"Mr. Campb*l!— Joe Campbpli"— he
saiti, yesterday, "induced me to accept a:i
invitation to attend the Bohemian Ciub's
twenty-hfth anniversary and the eight
ieth anr.iver-ary of the birth of Mr.
Bromley or Uncle George,' as they call
Hie saga of Bohemia.
"I knew Mr. Bromley when he was
Consul to China many years ago, and, a«
I stated in my short speech last night, I
had accepted the invitation to not only
renew acquaintanceship, but to mix up a
little among people whom Mr. Campbell
told me were successful men in their re
spective callings and who would enst
aside cares and conventionalities to talk
and be themselves for a night."
Uncle George's to;tst, in which he re
lated an anecaot* of his meeting with Li
Hung Chang, still remained predominant
in the Minister's mind.
Bromley related vow he was five years
the senior of the Chinese Premier, and
this fact came ont in conversation at the
banquet board.
"Li Hung Chang," said Bromley,
"looked up and satisfaction illuminated
his broad, intelligent face as he stopped to
consider the grand possibilities that la 7
before iiim in lire."
Wu Ting-fang's dods mot? during the
jinks and between glasses of wine, which
he seemed very much to appreciate, will
also be remembered by th« Bohemians,
who regard him as a prince of good fel
lows.
Speaking of Uncle Georpe Bromley and
Li Hung Chang, in their full vigor lon g
past the allotted three score and tea he
said :
"We Chinese are second to no other
natioualuy in tht reverence we nave ior
TTTE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, MONDAY, APRIL 19, 1897.
I old age. We love grand and honest age in
| man or woman when the *now at the sun
! down of life caps their brow."
His remarks broucht forth warm ap
plause, after which he looked about bim
and added: "But I understand that in I
this country, while the reverence of age is j
quite as strong as with us, yon have a j
strong; inclination toward youta and
beauty."
Mayor Phelan, who is not slow at
repartee, was considerably taxed at one
time during ths even ing when left to
mensure swords with the clever Chinese
MmiMer. The latter Inquired as to the
method or system of electing oflicers of
the municipality, and Mr. Ptielan in
formed him he was rhosen Mayor by
popular vote, some 70,000 being cast.
Wu Tin^-fang arched vis eyebrow* and
smilingly murmured:
"You certainly are a very popular young
man, Mr. Pbelan."
"No, not tuat, your Jixceliency," re
joined Phelan. "I be? you regard it more i
as an iustance of the unpopularity of my
, opponents."
But, yesterday, when only the fatigue of
a night's pleasure, and a remembrance of
the fun remained, Wu Ting-fang couid
not help remarking:
'"Years ago, when Uncle George Brom
ley was Consul in China, liked and aci
ni i red by all, he called on the Viceroy to
ask a favor. The palace was quite a dis
tance out of town and he had walked all ',
the way.
"Wlien the Viceroy learned of this he
extended the Consul his iian>l, saying: 'I j
will grant you the desired favor on ac
count of your old age.' I only wish lie j
could have seen the 'old' man last night; i
he was youneer than any of us."
Talked About Single Tax.
Tbe Single-tax Club held its regular bi
monthly meeting at Pythian Castle last even
ing and for two hour* discussed their favorite
theory for solving the great problem of un
equal taxation- Ex-Senntor Hoyt ol Colusa
occuDlen the platform for some time eluci
dating the dogmas preached by Henry George.
President Manzer of the ciub followed with an
address, in which he assured those present
'unt the Fingle-tnx idea was gaining ground so
rapidly that it would doubtless be the main
lSbue of the next Presidential campaign.
A New Engine Company.
The new engine-house oa the south side of
Ktlis street, between Goughand Ociavia, a two
story frame strncture, fitted up with all the
latest improvements and said to be our of the
best arranged for the use of the fiepartment,
hn> been completed and it wrs turned over to
ihp Uepartmoat last Thursday, when Engine
Company 34 was placed in possession of it.
The secret marks on Bank of England,
notes by which forgeries are so rapidly
detected, are constantly being changed.
The microscope will reveal many such
peculiarities to an observant eye.
THE KANGAROO GETS ITS TAIL TWISTED.
QUEER THROES OF GERMS
Microscopic Bact?ria Reported
to Be Virulent May Prove
Harm'ess. \
Pseado Baciili Sometimes C:use
Groundless Fears of an Epidemic
of Diphtheria.
Dr. L«witt, resident physician of the
Children's Hospital, is much exercised
over reports that there is diphtheria in
the institution, and strenuously denies
the allegation.
The physician thinks that the cases
that were supposed 10 be dirthtberia are
not eueh, and that the bacilli examined
l>y Dr. Spencer, bacteriologist of the
Board of Health, are what scientists call
false or pseudo diphtheritic bacteria.
Dr. John P. Morse of the Board of
Heelth, speaking of the matter last night,
j-aid: "Dr. Spencer being out of the City,
I should not care to speak of the subject
in an authoritative way. We of tbe'Board
! of Health reiy on his report, which is not
at tins moment before me. I will say,
however, tuat there is a pseudo diph
■ theritic bacillus, which is quite harruloss
j as compared with the virulent form."
Dr. Lewitt said yesterday: "There is not
! a ca^e in the hospital which presents any
j clinical evidence of having diphtheria. A
series of experiments are being made to
determine, if possible, the proportion of
cases in which a bacillus, resembling in
character the true diphtheria bacillus, is
to be found in the throats of children ap
parently healthy.
'"It is a well-known fact in medicine
that the true bacillus of diphtheria is oc
casionally found in the throats of persons
who are in good health and who have not
been expo-ed to the contagion of diph
theria; also that very frequently a bncmus
known as the pseudo or talse diphtheria
bacillus is very commonly found in the '
throats of healthy persons.
"In many case* this pser.do bacillus
cannot be distinguished from the trua
bacillus by the ordinary means of investi
gation; in fact the only way to be certain
is to inoculate an animal with the culture
and s»ee whether the inoculation is fatal to
the animal. If the culture is ot the true
diphtheria bacillus the result is fatal,
while no rasulta follow if tua culture is
that ot the pseudo bacilli!".
' The hospital i 8 not uiuiar quarantine,
but is open to receive patienis. Should
any diphtheria arise, ilu- cases are at once
isolated, making the hospital perfectly
safe lor any children at any time."
THE KANGAROOS
CAN'T PLAY BALL
They Try Hard, but Are
Smothered by the
Olympics.
Team Work and the Fine Points
of the Game Unknown
to Them.
A Great Crowd, However, Witnessed
the D.'but at Central Park of the
Lads From the Colonies.
"Well, blind me if that wasn't the
queerest blooming trick I ever saw
played."
It was one of the Australian baseball
players. He occupied a seat on bis club's
bench on the Central Park diamond, and
Le sat there in open-mouthed and pop
eyed astonishment at what he had just
witnessed.
"Never in my life did I see anything
like that in the colonies, did you, old
chap?"
Old chap, who was also a wondering
occupant of the bench, vouchsafed that he
had not either.
It was simply a little incident oi the
seventh inning when the visitors from the
kangaroo country were at. the bat — an
amusing and pretty little play as the spec
tators saw it, but a veritable staggerer for
tn<» Australians.
It appears that Weldon, the Olympic
pitcher, thought he would be easy with
the man at the bat, Carter, and tossed
him what is known as a "coaxer." Car
ter's stick swished through the air and
connected with the sphere. •He glanced
heavenward to see how far he had
knocked tlie ball, but not catching a
glimpse of it dashed oft for first base any
how — only to find it there ahead of him.
Ttie ball had gone straight back from tie
bat into Weldon's right hand as neatly
and accurately as a ball ever moved on a
baseball field. Weldon for several sec
onds deliberately turned it over and over
in bis band as if it wore an apple and he
was picking out the choicest ; lacs for a
bite. Then he lazily turned on bis beel
and rolled the ball down to the first base
man amply in time to head off the im
ported runner.
There were many other things that the
Olympics did during the game that caused
the visiting players to sputter with ejac
ulation? of astonishment. In fact the
Olympics bad all the time an opportunity
th»v needed in which to cut up ail sorts of
raoiikey shines, so "easy" were their op
ponents.
The Australians cannot play baseball.
They are a willing and jolly set of fellows
and no doubt did the best they could in
yesterday's contest, but they really don't
know much more than the rudiments of
America's National game. And as a mat
ter of Tact, with the exception of about
two of the players they have scarcely got
that far along.
The Olympics will never set the world
afire with their own playing, but they
were so far the superior of the men from
the Colonies that yesterday's game was
like watching the Baltimore;* play the Mil
pitas nine.
But with all that it was an interesting
and enjoyable game and it was witnessed
by an immense throng. The occupants of
the bieachors and grand stands were over
flowing with good nature and seemed to
enjoy the seriousness with which the kan
garoos essayed to play bull about as much
as they would a real three-ringed circus.
It was a paying game even if it was a dis
appointment from a baseball point o:
view.
The Australians go in to bat as if they
were playing cricket. The balls th*t Wel
don pitched yesterday floated up to the
plate as big as balloons and a schoolboy
could not help hitting them. Weldon
meant that they should be struck for he
had a good field ben hid him and knew
that it would be comparatively easy to
catch the Australians on the bases. But
the cricket idea will have to be abandoned
if the visitors really intend to tour the
continent as baseball players. They are
all fairly good throwers and are nimble
and quick, but are butur-nngered end
can't catch a little b t.
The fumbling and juggling they go
through when essaying to field a ball are
comical to behold. Then again they do
not seem to know whut team work ig.
Each p aver seems to think that he has
all he can attend to in looting alter his
own particular position on the field, and
he is about right. Kemp, the pitcher, and
Layer, the first baa* man, are tne b<«pt
players in the team. Kemp's distinguish
ing quality is his steaaine.-s. He throws
a fairlr fast left-handed ball, wi ti narrow
curves, and pul3 it over the plate rignt
along — t-iat is, as often as lie can, and lie
always trie?. The fact that his opponents
rind the ball without difficulty does not
bother him at all. That seems to be one
of the requisites of the game to his mind.
Layer, ihe guardian of the initial bag, is
MEW TO-DAT — DRT GOODS.
LADIES'
UNDERWEAR
DEPARTMENT!
SPECIAL OFFERING
LADIES' SKIRTS!
25 dozen GENUINE ENGLISH MOREEN <£Q prpk
SKIRTS, with Spanish flounces, black only, ty^^U each
35 dozen ENGLISH BLACK and CHANGE-
ABLE MOREEN SKIRTS, with Spanish
flounces, 15 different combinations (Sum- <£Q f|A
mer weight) each
12 dozen CHANGEABLE ENGLISH MO-
REEN SKIRTS, all new colorings and d^Q CA
extra quality spOiOU each
18 dozen BLACK ENGLISH MOREEN
SKIRTS, Spanish flounces, braided with <J>q p-f\
fine Mohair braid each
16 dozen CHANGEABLE ENGLISH MO-
REEN SKIRTS, corded flouncings, 7 dif- d>£T f\f\
ferent colorings \J)ObvJv-J each
10 dozen CHANGEABLE ENGLISH AL-eo czr\
PACA SKIRTS, 5 different combinations, yO.OU each
8 dozen CHANGEABLE ENGLISH MO-
HAIR SKIRTS, with corded Spanish <Tv a f\r\
flounces, extra widths vP^r.vJV-/ each
5 dozen CHANGEABLE ENGLISH BRILL-
IAN TINE SKIRTS, with corded Spanish mr p|^N
flounces, handsome colorings - - - - vpO.L/vJ each
15 dozen STRIPED TAFFETA SILK
SKIRTS, with corded Spanish flounces, d>pr C\f\
extra widths \pO«\JL/ each
We are also showing an elegant assortment of BLACK
and CHANGEABLE TAFFETA SILK SKIRTS at $5.00, $7.50,
$9.00, $10.50, $12.50, $15.00, $17.50 and $20.00 each.
We. nvite our patrons to inspect the above goods at their
earliest opportunity.
TELBPHONB3 q-R.AI*T IS4.
. — — — , -
111. 113, 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STRfctf.
lanky and awkward, but he can bat and
run and hold on to the ball when it is shot
into his hands. But like the rest of them
he knows nothing of the fine points of the
game.
The Olympics gave the Kangaroos a
chance only once in the game and that
was in the ninth inning. The score was
20 to 3 against the visitors when they
went in to bat for the last time, so Weldon
just let them hit the ball as they pleased
for encouragement. They secured six
runs before they were wound up by tho
local men. Here is the score:
AUSTRALIAN A.B. B. B 11. KB. PO. A. F.
Layer. Ib. 4 2 1 0 15 U 0
Irißlington, 'J b 5 110 3 3 4
McAllster, 3 b 5 "31120
Kemp, p 4 2 1 O O S 1
Wallace, c 4 112 4 1a
Muckey.cf 5 110 0 0 2
Over, s. s 4 0 0 0 0 4 1
Carter, 1. f 4 O 0 0 1 0 0
Ewers, r. f 5 0 0 0 3 2 1
Total 40 ? 8 3 27 IB 11
Olympics. a.b. b. bh. b.b. f.o. a. c.
O'Kane. c 6 2 3 13 2 1
Krug, 3 b 5 110 2 11
Oonlinntcy, 1 b 6 S S 1 10 1 0
Kazumnions, 2 b....6 3 3 - 2 0 1
Zan, c. f 6 3 4 0 3 0 0
Collins, Lf 6 3 10 10 0
Kuster. s. s 6 2 3 a 3 1 0
Weldon, p 5 19 116 0
Merrill, r. f 6 2 2 2 2 0 0
Total 48 20 22 7 27 11 S
Australias 2 0 0 10 0 0 0 6- 9
Base bits. 2 00100113—8
Olympic* 1 2 4 0 0 6 3 3 I— 'JO
Base hits 2 14 0 0 7 2 4 2—22
Earned runs— Australias 1, Olympics 2. Home
runs— (ioslins<y ilcAlister. fitzsinimons 1 hre»
bui« Lilt — Weldon. Two-base hits — McAlister.
\\ eldou. First base on errors— <>iy moles 3. Mrst
base on called bails— Australias 4. Olympics 2.
.Left on bases— Australias 7, Olympics 7. .-truclc
out— By Kemp 1, by Weldon 'i Doable plays—
lnvUiig;on o Layer. Passed ballß— Wallace 4,
i/Kane 1. Wild pitch— Kemp. Time of game, 2
hours 10 minutes. Umpires— Donahue aud Gag us.
Official scorer— Martin.
Commercial League.
At the Commercial League grounds yes
terJay the Newman <fe Levinsons won from
Hale Bros, by a score of 15 to 1L
Precita Parlor defeated Miller, Sloss &
Scott by a score of 20 to 6.
Presidio Athletic Grounds.
A very one-sided game of ball was
played >t the Presidio athletic grounds
between the Buffalo Brewing Company's
team of Alameda and C. J. Hooseman's of
Oakland for the championship of Alame
da County. From the start it wax plain
the brewers could do nothing with the
shoots of Doyle. The soore was 21 to 3
when the gam^ was called in the seventh
inning.
The Calliopeans defeated the Slat Club
by a score of 24 to 15.
Other Games.
The Fruitvale Stars defeated the Actives
of Oakland alter a iiotly contested game
by a score of 10 to 9.
The Stars would like to hear from any
•imateur tenm. Address Cohen & Babr
mau, 111 Powell street, San Francisco.
The Alameda Alerts went to Suisun
yesterday and defeated the Suisuns by a
:score of 5 to L
The Pacific Stock Exchange Baseball
Club defeated the ban Franc s-co Ex
change by the score of 23 to 22 at the
R-jcreation grounds yesterday.
The victors would" like to hear from the
insurance clerks or bank clerks. Address
challenge to Milton Sichel, manager, San
Francisco Stock Exchange.
Kicked by a Home.
William Brodtfcorb, stableman in Gilmore's
stables, Seventh street, was taking a horse to
the watering trough yesterday afternoon,
when anotner horse kicked him on the left
lez below the knee, breaking both bones. He
was taken to Hie Receiving Hospital.
Attempt at Burglary.
George Brown, a schoolboy, 15 years of age,
ana Joe Riley. 17, were found by Policeman
Benjamin in the rear of Jeremiah J. Duggan's
grocery, Hayes nnd Octavia streeis, übout 4
o'clock yesterday morning. As Duggan's store
nad recently been entered t>y thieves from
the rear, Benjamin arrested the two boys
aud charged them with attempt at burglary.
TO CUKE A COLO IX ONE DAT.
Take laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All drug
gUu refund the money a it lalia to cure. 23c
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday — Tuesday — Wednesday
As Reasonable as Seasonable ! -
Delicious as Pure !
Royans (a la vatel) . . .can 15c
Regularly 20c. Sardines in olive
oil with truffle and picklo.
Bouillon Capsules. . . box 2sc
Regularly 30c. Extract 01 Beef
Tea flavored with celery.
Fard Dates per Ib. 10c
Regularly 15c. Just the thing for
Easter week.
Olive Oil ("Sublime" Brand) qt# 45c
•Regularly 50c. Our direct import-
ation from Italy. Delicious for
salads.
Puree de foie Gras. .can 20c
Regularly 25a An epicurean
dainty for sandwiches.
Whisky< Scotchandlrish >bot. 75c
Regularly $1.00. Owing to the in-
creased Tariff this affords you the
last opportunity at old prices.
! Tpfl (Mandarin Nectar) A.*+r
I 1 ca Regularly 60c, now Jl*
2^-lb. cantor $1.9.?
(Phoenix Chop Oolong), re?. 50c, now 35c
; • 3 lbs. for $1.00
Direct importation from Foochow.
Butter ("M"). . .square 40c
(Maillard's), Regularly 4">c. ' The
finest product of California. No
water, no- milk, therefore solid.
From pure strain Alderney and
Jersey cows.
Table Butter 30c square.
Fresh Eggs 15c dozen.
£3^-"Camping Hints" for the asking.
JOE POHEIM,
* THE TAILOR,
Makes the Best Fitting Clothes In
l lie State at 1! 5 per cent less than
any other bouse.
Suits made to order from 513.50
lanu 4.00
Rules for measurement and
samples sent tree.
This is the largest tailoring es-
tablisnmem on the Pacific Coast.
201-203 Montgomery Street,
724-844-846 .Market ' Street,
- 1110-1112 Market street, c ---'
. Sin Francisco, Cal.
The most certain and safe Pain Remedy. Instantly
relieves and soon cures all Colds, Hoarseness >ore
Throat, B.onchitls, Congestions and lnflimn,*
uous. We per bottle. Sold by druggist*